/m/06rf7	Schleswig-Holstein is the northernmost of the sixteen states of Germany, comprising most of the historical duchy of Holstein and the southern part of the former Duchy of Schleswig. Its capital city is Kiel; other notable cities are Lübeck, Flensburg and Neumünster.\nThe former English name was Sleswick-Holsatia, the Danish name is Slesvig-Holsten, the Low German name is Sleswig-Holsteen, and the North Frisian name is Slaswik-Holstiinj. Historically, the name can also refer to a larger region, containing both present-day Schleswig-Holstein and the former South Jutland County in Denmark.
/m/0c94fn	Gary Roger Rydstrom is an American sound designer and director. He has won seven Academy Awards for his work in sound for movies.
/m/016ywr	Jeremy John Irons is an English actor. After receiving classical training at the Bristol Old Vic Theatre School, Irons began his acting career on stage in 1969, and has since appeared in many London theatre productions including The Winter's Tale, Macbeth, Much Ado About Nothing, The Taming of the Shrew, Godspell, Richard II and Embers. In 1984, he made his Broadway debut in Tom Stoppard's The Real Thing and received a Tony Award for Best Actor.\nIrons's first major film role came in the 1981 romantic drama The French Lieutenant's Woman, for which he received a BAFTA nomination for Best Actor. After starring in such films as Moonlighting, Betrayal and The Mission, he gained critical acclaim for portraying twin gynaecologists in David Cronenberg's psychological thriller Dead Ringers. In 1990, Irons played accused murderer Claus von Bülow in Reversal of Fortune, and took home multiple awards including an Academy Award for Best Actor. Other notable films have included Kafka, The House of the Spirits, The Lion King, Die Hard with a Vengeance, Lolita, The Man in the Iron Mask, The Merchant of Venice, Being Julia, Kingdom of Heaven, Eragon, Appaloosa, and Margin Call.
/m/01yjl	The Chicago Cubs are a professional baseball team located in Chicago, Illinois, USA. They are members of the Central Division of Major League Baseball's National League. The Cubs are one of the two remaining charter members of the National League and one of two active major league clubs based in Chicago, the other being the Chicago White Sox of the American League. The team is currently owned by Thomas S. Ricketts, who succeeds the previous owner of the Cubs. Tom Ricketts is the son of Joe Ricketts, the founder of TD Ameritrade.\nThe Cubs have not won the World Series in 105 years, the longest championship drought of any major North American professional sports team, and are often referred to as the \"Lovable Losers\" because of this distinction. They are also known as \"The North Siders\" because Wrigley Field, their home park since 1916, is located in Chicago's north side Lake View community at 1060 West Addison Street.\nThe club played its first games in 1870 as the Chicago White Stockings. This makes the Cubs who were founded in 1871, the oldest active baseball team continuously existing in the same city for their entire history.
/m/02hrh1q	An actor is a person portraying a character in a dramatic or comic production; she or he performs in: film, television, theatre, or radio. Actor, ὑποκριτής, literally means \"one who interprets\"; an actor, then, is one who interprets a dramatic character.
/m/03ftmg	Anthony Horowitz, OBE is a prolific English novelist and screenwriter specialising in mystery and suspense. His work for children and teenagers includes The Diamond Brothers series, the Alex Rider series, and The Power of Five series. His work for adults includes the novel and play Mindgame and the Sherlock Holmes novel The House of Silk. He has also written extensively for television, contributing numerous scripts to ITV's Agatha Christie's Poirot and Midsomer Murders. He was the creator and principal writer of the ITV series Foyle's War, Collision and Injustice.
/m/04p_hy	Chapman University is a private, non-profit university located in Orange, California affiliated with the Christian Church. Known for its blend of liberal arts and professional programs, Chapman University encompasses seven schools and colleges: Lawrence and Kristina Dodge College of Film and Media Arts, Wilkinson College of Humanities and Social Sciences, George L. Argyros School of Business and Economics, Schmid College of Science & Technology, College of Performing Arts, Dale E. Fowler School of Law and College of Educational Studies. For the 2010-2011 academic year, Chapman University enrolled 6,398 students.
/m/06151l	Freddy Rodriguez is an American actor known for playing the characters Hector Federico \"Rico\" Diaz on HBO's Six Feet Under and El Wray in Robert Rodriguez's Planet Terror. In 2007 he was a recurring cast member on the series Ugly Betty as Giovanni \"Gio\" Rossi.
/m/07vqnc	SpongeBob SquarePants is an American animated television series, created by marine biologist and animator Stephen Hillenburg. The series chronicles the adventures and endeavors of the title character and his various friends in the fictional underwater city of Bikini Bottom. The series' popularity has made it a media franchise, as well as Nickelodeon network's highest rated show, and the most distributed property of MTV Networks. The media franchise has generated $8 billion in merchandising revenue for Nickelodeon.\nMany of the ideas for the series originated in an unpublished, educational comic book titled The Intertidal Zone, which Hillenburg created in 1984. He began developing SpongeBob SquarePants into a television series in 1996 upon the cancellation of Rocko's Modern Life, and turned to Tom Kenny, who had worked with him on that series, to voice the titular character. SpongeBob was originally to be named SpongeBoy, and the series was to be called SpongeBoy Ahoy!, but these were changed, as the name was already in use for a mop product.\nThe pilot episode first aired on Nickelodeon in the United States on May 1, 1999, following the television airing of the 1999 Kids' Choice Awards. The series received worldwide critical acclaim upon its premiere and gained enormous popularity by its second season. A feature film, The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie, was released in theaters on November 19, 2004, and a sequel is currently in development, with a projected release date of February 13, 2015. On July 21, 2012, the series was renewed and aired its ninth season, beginning with the episode \"Extreme Spots\".
/m/0jn38	Dream Theater is an American progressive metal/rock band formed in 1985 under the name Majesty by John Petrucci, John Myung, and Mike Portnoy while they attended Berklee College of Music in Massachusetts. They subsequently dropped out of their studies to further concentrate on the band that would ultimately become Dream Theater. Though a number of lineup changes followed, the three original members remained together along with James LaBrie and Jordan Rudess until September 8, 2010 when Portnoy left the band. In October 2010, the band held auditions for a drummer to replace Portnoy. Mike Mangini was announced as the new permanent drummer on April 29, 2011.\nThe band is well known for the technical proficiency of its instrumentalists, who have won many awards from music instruction magazines. Guitarist John Petrucci has been named as the third player on the G3 tour six times, more than any invited players. In 2009 he was named the No. 2 best metal guitarist by Joel McIver in his book The 100 Greatest Metal Guitarists. He was also named as one of the \"Top 10 Fastest Shredders of All Time\" by GuitarOne magazine. Jordan Rudess is considered to be one of the greatest keyboard players of all time by many publications like MusicRadar. Former drummer Mike Portnoy has won 26 awards from Modern Drummer magazine and is also the second youngest person to be inducted into the Rock Drummer Hall of Fame. His replacement Mike Mangini has also previously set 5 WFD records. John Myung was voted the greatest bassist of all time in a poll conducted by MusicRadar in August through September 2010. The band was inducted into the Long Island Music Hall of Fame in 2010.
/m/024rbz	Focus Features is the art house films division of NBCUniversal, and acts as both a producer and distributor for its own films and a distributor for foreign films.\nFocus Features was formed from the 2002 divisional merger of USA Films, Universal Focus and Good Machine. USA Films was created by Barry Diller in 1999 when he purchased October Films and Gramercy Pictures from Seagram and merged the two units together.
/m/016ywb	Henry V is a 1989 British drama film adapted for the screen and directed by Kenneth Branagh, based on William Shakespeare's play of the same name about Henry V of England. The film stars Branagh in the title role with Paul Scofield, Derek Jacobi, Ian Holm, Emma Thompson, Alec McCowen, Judi Dench, Robbie Coltrane, Brian Blessed, and Christian Bale in supporting roles.\nThe film received worldwide critical acclaim and has been widely considered one of the best Shakespeare film adaptations ever made. For her work on the film, Phyllis Dalton won an Academy Award for Best Costume Design and Kenneth Branagh, in his directorial debut, received Oscar nominations for Best Actor and Best Director.
/m/01pr_j6	Himesh Reshammiya is an Indian music director, singer, actor, television producer, lyricist, film producer, script writer, and distributor.
/m/023mdt	Margaret Ruth \"Maggie\" Gyllenhaal is an American actress. She is the daughter of director Stephen Gyllenhaal and screenwriter Naomi Foner and the older sister of actor Jake Gyllenhaal. She made her screen debut when she began to appear in her father's films. Gyllenhaal achieved recognition in a supporting role in the independent cult film, Donnie Darko. Her breakthrough role was in the sadomasochistic romance, Secretary, for which she received critical acclaim and a Golden Globe nomination.\nGyllenhaal has appeared in an eclectic range of films, including Sherrybaby, for which she was nominated for a Golden Globe; the romantic comedy, Trust The Man; and numerous big-budget films such as World Trade Center and The Dark Knight. She next starred in the musical-drama, Crazy Heart, for which she was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress. Gyllenhaal has also appeared in such theatrical plays as Closer as well as in television productions like Strip Search.\nGyllenhaal has been in a relationship with actor Peter Sarsgaard since 2002. In 2006, the two became engaged, and Gyllenhaal gave birth to their daughter, Ramona, on October 3, 2006. On May 2, 2009, she married Sarsgaard in Italy. Their second daughter, Gloria Ray, was born April 19, 2012. Gyllenhaal is a politically active Democrat and, like her brother and parents, supports the American Civil Liberties Union. Prior to the US-led invasion of Iraq she participated in anti-war demonstrations. She is actively involved in human rights, civil liberty, anti-poverty and parent trigger causes.
/m/025rw19	Iron is a chemical element with the symbol Fe and atomic number 26. It is a metal in the first transition series. It by mass is the most common element on Earth, forming much of Earth's outer and inner core. It is the fourth most common element in the Earth's crust. Iron's very common presence in rocky planets like Earth is due to its abundant production as a result of fusion in high-mass stars, wherein the production of nickel-56 is the last nuclear fusion reaction that is exothermic. Therefore, radioactive nickel is the last element to be produced, before collapse of a supernova causes the explosion that abundantly scatters this precursor radionuclide into space.\nLike other group 8 elements, iron exists in a wide range of oxidation states, −2 to +6, although +2 and +3 are the most common. Elemental iron occurs in meteoroids and other low oxygen environments, but is reactive to oxygen and water. Fresh iron surfaces appear lustrous silvery-gray, but oxidize in normal air to give hydrated iron oxides, commonly known as rust. Unlike many other metals which form passivating oxide layers, iron oxides occupy more volume than iron metal, and thus iron oxides flake off and expose fresh surfaces for corrosion.
/m/034wx3	Brompton Cemetery is located near Earl's Court in West London, England, in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea. It is managed by The Royal Parks, and is one of the Magnificent Seven cemeteries. Established by Act of Parliament, it opened in 1840 and was originally known as the West of London and Westminster Cemetery.\nConsecrated by the Bishop of London in June 1840, it is one of the Britain's oldest and most distinguished garden cemeteries. Some 35,000 monuments, from simple headstones to substantial mausolea, mark the resting place of more than 205,000 burials. The site includes large plots for family mausolea, and common graves where coffins are piled deep into the earth, as well as a small columbarium. Brompton was closed to burials between 1952 and 1996, but is once again a working cemetery, with plots for interments and a 'Garden of Remembrance' for the deposit of cremated remains.
/m/0c5x_	The University of California, Irvine, is a public research university located in Irvine, California, and one of the 10 general campuses in the University of California system. UCI's Orange County campus is the fifth-largest in the UC system, with over 28,000 students, 1,100 faculty members and 9,000 staff. Times Higher Education in 2013 ranked UC Irvine 1st among all US universities and 5th among the top 100 global universities under 50 years old.\nUC Irvine is considered a Public Ivy and offers 80 undergraduate degrees and 98 graduate and professional degrees. The university is designated as having very high research activity in the Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education, and in 2009 had $325.49 million in research and development expenditures according to the National Science Foundation. UC Irvine became a member of the Association of American Universities in 1996, and is the youngest university to hold membership. The university also administers the UC Irvine Medical Center, a large teaching hospital; the UC Irvine Health Sciences system in the City of Orange; the University of California, Irvine, Arboretum; and a portion of the University of California Natural Reserve System.
/m/0fqpg6b	The AACTA Award for Best Guest or Supporting Actor in a Television Drama is an accolade given by the Australian Academy of Cinema and Television Arts, a non-profit organisation whose aim is to \"to identify, award, promote and celebrate Australia's greatest achievements in film and television.\" The award is handed out at the annual AACTA Awards, which rewards achievements in feature film, television, documentaries and short films. From 2000–2010, the category was presented by the Australian Film Institute, the Academy's parent organisation, at the annual Australian Film Institute Awards. When the AFI launched the Academy in 2011, it changed the annual ceremony to the AACTA Awards, with the current prize being a continuum of the AFI Award for Best Guest or Supporting Actor in a Television Drama.\nThe award was first presented in 2000 as Best Performance by an Actor in a Guest Role in a Television Drama Series until 2002, when the title was changed to Best Guest or Supporting Actor in a Television Drama. In the following year, the title was changed to Best Actor in a Supporting or Guest Role in a Television Drama or Comedy. By 2006, a separate comedy accolade was established, and the name changed to the current one.
/m/03qcq	Hunter Stockton Thompson was an American journalist and author. Born in Louisville, Kentucky, to a middle-class family, Thompson had a turbulent youth after the death of his father left the family in poverty. He was unable to formally finish high school as he was incarcerated for 60 days after abetting a robbery. He subsequently joined the United States Air Force before moving into journalism. He traveled frequently, including stints in California, Puerto Rico, and Brazil, before settling in Aspen, Colorado, in the early 1960s.\nThompson became internationally known with the publication of Hell's Angels: The Strange and Terrible Saga of the Outlaw Motorcycle Gangs, for which he had spent a year living and riding with the Angels, experiencing their lives and hearing their stories first hand. Previously a relatively conventional journalist, with the publication in 1970 of \"The Kentucky Derby Is Decadent and Depraved\" he became a counter cultural figure, with his own brand of New Journalism he termed \"Gonzo\", an experimental style of journalism where reporters involve themselves in the action to such a degree that they become central figures of their stories. The work he remains best known for is Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas: A Savage Journey to the Heart of the American Dream, a rumination on the failure of the 1960s counterculture movement. It was first serialized in Rolling Stone, a magazine with which Thompson would be long associated, and was released as a film starring Johnny Depp and directed by Terry Gilliam in 1998.
/m/0lf_w	To be hanged, drawn and quartered was from 1351 a penalty in England for men convicted of high treason, although the ritual was first recorded during the reigns of King Henry III and his successor, Edward I. Convicts were fastened to a hurdle, or wooden panel, and drawn by horse to the place of execution, where they were hanged, emasculated, disembowelled, beheaded and quartered. Their remains were often displayed in prominent places across the country, such as London Bridge. For reasons of public decency, women convicted of high treason were instead burnt at the stake.\nThe severity of the sentence was measured against the seriousness of the crime. As an attack on the monarch's authority, high treason was considered a deplorable act demanding the most extreme form of punishment; although some convicts had their sentences modified and suffered a less ignominious end, over a period of several hundred years many men found guilty of high treason were subjected to the law's ultimate sanction. They included many English Catholic priests executed during the Elizabethan era, and several of the regicides involved in the 1649 execution of Charles I.
/m/07k53y	The USC Trojans football program, established in 1888, represents the University of Southern California in college football. USC is a member of the National Collegiate Athletic Association Division I FBS and the Pacific-12 Conference. The Trojans are a football powerhouse, and have been throughout NCAA history, claiming 11 national championships. As of 2013, 480 Trojans have been taken in the NFL Draft, more than from any other university.
/m/06zn1c	The Pirate Movie is a 1982 Australian musical comedy film directed by Ken Annakin and starring Christopher Atkins and Kristy McNichol. The film is loosely based on Gilbert and Sullivan's comic opera The Pirates of Penzance. The original music score is composed by Mike Brady and Peter Sullivan. The movie performed far below expectations when first released and is generally reviewed very poorly.
/m/09sh8k	Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer is a 2007 American superhero film, and the sequel to the 2005 film Fantastic Four. Both films are based on the Fantastic Four comic book and were directed by Tim Story. Ioan Gruffudd as Reed Richards, Jessica Alba as Sue Storm, Chris Evans as Johnny Storm, and Michael Chiklis as Ben Grimm are the film series' recurring protagonists, while Julian McMahon and Kerry Washington reprised their roles from the first film as, respectively, Victor Von Doom and Alicia Masters. Beau Garrett appears in the sequel as Frankie Raye, along with Doug Jones as the Silver Surfer and Laurence Fishburne as the voice of the Silver Surfer. The plot follows the Fantastic Four as they confront, and later ally with, the Silver Surfer to save Earth from Galactus.\nWhile it was the highest-grossing film during the week that immediately followed its release on June 15, 2007 in North America, and while it received two out of 15 award nominations, critics gave it generally unfavorable reviews. They noted its improvement over the first film but criticized its flimsy direction and lack of humor. The film was released on Blu-ray and DVD on October 2, 2007.
/m/06f0y3	Port Elizabeth or The Bay is one of the largest cities in South Africa, situated in the Eastern Cape Province, 770 km east of Cape Town. The city, often shortened to PE and nicknamed \"The Friendly City\" or \"The Windy City\", stretches for 16 km along Algoa Bay, and is one of the major seaports in South Africa.\nPort Elizabeth was founded as a town in 1820 to house British settlers as a way of strengthening the border region between the Cape Colony and the Xhosa. It now forms part of the Nelson Mandela Bay Metropolitan Municipality which has a population of over 1.3 million.
/m/033x5p	The University of the Pacific is a private university in Stockton, California. It was first chartered on July 10, 1851, in Santa Clara, CA under the name California Wesleyan College, but it was later moved to San Jose, and then to Stockton in 1923.\nPacific is the oldest chartered university in California. In addition to its liberal arts college, and its schools of education, engineering, business, international studies and music, it has three professional graduate schools: the School of Dentistry in San Francisco, the School of Law in Sacramento, and the school of Pharmacy and Health Sciences located in Stockton.\nPacific was once ranked among the top 100 national universities in the United States according to U.S. News & World Report, with its school of law similarly ranked among law schools. It has extensive collections pertaining to jazz musician and alumnus Dave Brubeck, who in 1953 released the live album Jazz at the College of the Pacific. It is also home to the papers of environmental pioneer John Muir.
/m/0f102	The University of Idaho is the U.S. state of Idaho's oldest public university located in the city of Moscow in Latah County in the [northern portion] of the state. UI is the state's land grant university and primary research university. It enrolls more national merit scholars than all other institutions in the state combined. In January 2012, the university enrolled the highest number of National Merit Scholars of any school in the Northwest; more than the other flagship institutions in the region with significantly larger enrollments. The University of Idaho was the state's sole university for 71 years, until 1963, and hosts the University of Idaho College of Law, which was established in 1909, accredited by the ABA in 1925, and remained until 2012 the only law school in the state.\nThe university was formed by the territorial legislature of Idaho on January 30, 1889, and opened its doors on October 3, 1892 with an initial class of 40 students. The first graduating class in 1896 contained two men and two women. The university presently has an enrollment exceeding 12,000, with over 11,000 on the Moscow campus. The university offers 142 degree programs, from accountancy to wildlife resources, including bachelor's, master's, doctoral, and specialists' degrees. Certificates of completion are offered in 30 areas of study. At 25% and 53%, its 4 and 6 year graduation rates are the highest of any public university in Idaho, and it generates 74 percent of all research money in the state, with research expenditures of $100 million in 2010 alone.
/m/095kp	Columbia Business School is the business school of Columbia University in Manhattan, New York City. It was established in 1916 to provide business training and professional preparation for undergraduate and graduate Columbia University students. It is one of six Ivy League business schools, and its admission process is among the most selective of top business schools.\nColumbia Business School is one of the world's leading business schools, and prides itself on its excellent faculty, who provide students with superior knowledge and thought leadership across divisions and disciplines. Its location in New York City and strong ties to industry promises students access to top business minds, and the diverse community spans sectors and nations, making an impact in small start-ups as well as established industries. Columbia Business School is perhaps best known for value investing and the seminal work completed in that area by professors Benjamin Graham and David Dodd. It is affiliated with 13 winners of the Nobel Prize in Economics including current professors Robert Mundell, Joseph Stiglitz and Edmund Phelps, more than any business school in the United States. The school has an international emphasis, and many alumni have achieved distinction in the public as well as the private sector.
/m/02zk08	Fame is a 1980 American musical film conceived and produced by David De Silva and directed by Alan Parker. Its screenplay is by Christopher Gore, its choreography by Louis Falco and musical score by Michael Gore. The film follows a group of students through their studies at the New York High School of Performing Arts. The film is split into sections corresponding to auditions, freshman, sophomore, junior and senior years. The film ranked #42 on Entertainment Weekly's 2006 list of the \"50 Best High School Movies\".\nThe film has spawned a television series and spin-off, a stage musical, a reality competition series, and a 2009 film remake.
/m/0hm4q	A rector in the sphere of academia is the highest academic official of many universities and in certain other institutions of higher education, as well as even in some secondary-level schools. The term and office of a rector are called a rectorate.\nThe title is used widely in universities across Europe. It is also very common in Latin American countries. It is also used in Russia, Pakistan, the Philippines, Indonesia, Israel and the Middle East. In some universities, the title is phrased in an even loftier manner, as Lord Rector. Rector Magnificus may only be used by those universities whose foundation has been approved by the Pope.\nA notable exception to this terminology is in England and elsewhere in Great Britain, where the head of a university has traditionally been referred to as a \"Chancellor\". This pattern has been followed in the Commonwealth, the United States, and other countries under British influence. In Scotland, many universities are headed by a Chancellor, with the Lord Rector designated as an elected representative of students at the head of the university court.
/m/0jnr_	The Nashville Predators are a professional ice hockey team based in Nashville, Tennessee. They are members of the Central Division of the Western Conference of the National Hockey League.
/m/02fgm7	John Noble is an Australian film and television actor, and theater director of more than 80 plays. One of his more notable roles includes playing Dr Walter Bishop in the American Fox science fiction television series Fringe.
/m/03h42s4	A Return Specialist is a player on American football or Canadian football special teams who specializes in returning punts and kickoff returns. There are few players who are exclusively return specialists; most play other positions as well. The special teams counterpart of a return specialist is a kicking specialist.\nAccording to 2012 College Football All-America Team selection Venric Mark: \"Returning punts is harder,\" Mark said. \"You have to judge the ball more, you have to know when to fair catch and when not to. You can't be a superhero and try to catch everything. With kick returns, you catch the ball and — boom — you're going.\"
/m/04135	Jean Maurice Eugène Clément Cocteau was a French poet, novelist, dramatist, designer, playwright, artist and filmmaker. Cocteau is best known for his novel Les Enfants Terribles, and the films Blood of a Poet, Les Parents Terribles, Beauty and the Beast and Orpheus. His circle of associates, friends and lovers included Kenneth Anger, Pablo Picasso, Jean Hugo, Jean Marais, Henri Bernstein, Yul Brynner, Marlene Dietrich, Coco Chanel, Erik Satie, Igor Stravinsky, María Félix, Édith Piaf and Raymond Radiguet.
/m/04lh6	Liverpool is a city and metropolitan borough of Merseyside, England, United Kingdom along the eastern side of the Mersey Estuary. It was founded as a borough in 1207 and was granted city status in 1880. In 2011 the population administered by Liverpool City Council was 466,415 and is at the centre of a wider urban area, the Liverpool City Region.\nHistorically, Liverpool was a part of Lancashire. The city's urbanisation and expansion were largely brought about by the city's status as a major port. By the 18th century, trade from the West Indies, Ireland and mainland Europe, coupled with close links with the Atlantic slave trade, furthered the economic expansion of Liverpool. Liverpool is also well known for its inventions and innovations, particularly in terms of infrastructure, transport, general construction, and in the fields of public health and social reform. Railways, ferries and the skyscraper were all pioneered in the city, together with the first societies for animal and child protection, the first schools for the blind, for working-men, and for girls. Liverpool was the port of registry of the ocean liner, the RMS Titanic, and the words Titanic, Liverpool could be seen on the stern of the ship.
/m/0nj0m	Washtenaw County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2010 census, the population was 344,791.\nWashtenaw County was officially established as a county in 1826. The county seat is Ann Arbor. The United States Office of Management and Budget defines the county as part of the Detroit–Warren–Flint Combined Statistical Area. The county is home to the University of Michigan, Eastern Michigan University, Washtenaw Community College, Concordia University Ann Arbor, and the Ann Arbor campus of the Thomas M. Cooley Law School.
/m/03dj6y	The Montserrat national football team represents the small Caribbean island of Montserrat in the CONCACAF football region. Football is the second most popular sport in Montserrat, after cricket. The team play at the Blakes Estate Stadium, near the village of Look Out and the team manager is currently Kenny Dyer. The Montserrat football team was formed in 1973, and has entered World Cup qualifying since the 2002 tournament, being eliminated in the first round on each occasion.\nDue to the heavy volcanic activity on the island since 1995, the team has only played a handful of matches, and most of those have been away from home. Their only victories were against neighboring Anguilla in the qualifying tournament of the 1995 Caribbean Cup, winning 3–2 at home and 1–0 away. Apart from one other draw against Anguilla, all their other matches have been lost.\nOn June 30, 2002, the day of the final match of the 2002 World Cup, Montserrat, then the lowest ranked team in the world, played against the second lowest team, Bhutan, in a friendly match known jokingly as \"The Other Final\", but lost 4–0 to become the worst team in the world. In January 2013, the team achieved a record-high FIFA rank of #174.
/m/026mml	The Grammy Award for Best Bluegrass Album is an award presented at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards, to recording artists for quality works in the bluegrass music genre. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position\".\nOriginally called the Grammy Award for Best Bluegrass Recording, the award was first presented to Bill Monroe in 1989. In 1990 and 1991 the category was renamed Best Bluegrass Recording, and in 1990 the award was reserved for singles rather than albums. Since 1992, the award has been presented under the category Best Bluegrass Album. Beginning in 1993, award recipients often included the producers, engineers, and/or mixers associated with the nominated work in addition to the recording artists. In 1995 and 1997, producers of compilation albums were the only award recipients.\nAs of 2012, Alison Krauss holds the record for the most wins in this category, having won six times. The group consisting of Ricky Skaggs and Kentucky Thunder has been presented five awards. Two-time recipients include Jim Lauderdale as well as the Nashville Bluegrass Band. The award has been presented to artists or groups originating from the United States each year to date. The Seldom Scene and Rhonda Vincent share the record for the most nominations without a win, with five each.
/m/01p47r	Scott Baio is a film actor and television director.
/m/01yj2	Cape Town is the second-most populous city in South Africa, after Johannesburg, and the provincial capital and primate city of the Western Cape. As the seat of the National Parliament, it is also the legislative capital of the country. It forms part of the City of Cape Town metropolitan municipality. The city is famous for its harbour as well as its natural setting in the Cape floral kingdom, as well as for such well-known landmarks as Table Mountain and Cape Point.\nLocated on the shore of Table Bay, Cape Town was originally developed by the Dutch East India Company as a victualling station for Dutch ships sailing to East Africa, India, and the Far East. Jan van Riebeeck's arrival on 6 April 1652 established the first permanent European settlement in South Africa. Cape Town quickly outgrew its original purpose as the first European outpost at the Castle of Good Hope, becoming the economic and cultural hub of the Cape Colony. Until the Witwatersrand Gold Rush and the development of Johannesburg, Cape Town was the largest city in South Africa. Today it is one of the most multicultural cities in the world, reflecting its role as a major destination for immigrants and expatriates to South Africa. As of 2011 the metropolitan region had an estimated population of 3.74 million. The city was named the World Design Capital for 2014 by the International Council of Societies of Industrial Design.
/m/055td_	The Crucible is a 1996 drama film written by Arthur Miller and based on his play of the same name. It was directed by Nicholas Hytner and stars Daniel Day-Lewis as John Proctor, Winona Ryder as Abigail Williams, Paul Scofield as Judge Thomas Danforth, and Joan Allen as Elizabeth Proctor. Much of the filming took place on Choate Island in Essex, Massachusetts.
/m/023p18	The Program in Creative Writing, more commonly known as the Iowa Writers' Workshop, at the University of Iowa in Iowa City, Iowa, is a much-celebrated graduate-level creative writing program in the United States. Writer Lan Samantha Chang is currently the director of the Workshop.\nThe program began in 1936, with the gathering of poets and fiction writers under the direction of Wilbur Schramm. Graduates earn a Master of Fine Arts degree in English; Iowa has the oldest program in the country offering such a credential.\nThe program's curriculum requires students to take a small number of classes each semester, including the Graduate Fiction Workshop or Graduate Poetry Workshop itself, and one or two additional literature seminars. The modest curricular requirements are intended to prepare the student for the realities of professional writing, where self-discipline is paramount.\nThe program centers on the graduate workshop courses, which meet weekly. Before each three-hour class, a small number of students submit material for critical reading by their peers. The class itself consists of a round-table discussion during which the students and the instructor discuss each piece. The specifics of how the class is conducted vary somewhat from teacher to teacher, and between poetry and fiction workshops. The ideal result is not only that authors come away with insights into the strengths and weaknesses of their own work, but that the class as a whole derives some insight, whether general or specific, about the process of writing.
/m/02qwg	Eric Patrick Clapton, CBE, is an English musician, singer and songwriter. He is the only three-time inductee to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame: once as a solo artist and separately as a member of the Yardbirds and Cream. Clapton has been referred to as one of the most important and influential guitarists of all time. Clapton ranked second in Rolling Stone magazine's list of the \"100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time\" and fourth in Gibson's \"Top 50 Guitarists of All Time\".\nIn the mid-1960s, Clapton left the Yardbirds to play blues with John Mayall & the Bluesbreakers. Immediately after leaving Mayall, Clapton joined Cream, a power trio with drummer Ginger Baker and bassist Jack Bruce in which Clapton played sustained blues improvisations and \"arty, blues-based psychedelic pop.\" For most of the 1970s, Clapton's output bore the influence of the mellow style of JJ Cale and the reggae of Bob Marley. His version of Marley's \"I Shot the Sheriff\" helped reggae reach a mass market. Two of his most popular recordings were \"Layla\", recorded by Derek and the Dominos, another band he formed, and Robert Johnson's \"Crossroads\", recorded by Cream. Following the death of his son Conor in 1991, Clapton's grief was expressed in the song \"Tears in Heaven\", which featured in his Unplugged album.
/m/02slt7	Canal+ is a French premium pay television channel launched in 1984. It is 100% owned by the Canal+ Group, which in turn is owned by Vivendi SA. The channel broadcasts several kinds of programming, mostly encrypted. The un-encrypted programmes can be viewed free of charge on Canal+ and on satellite on Canal+ Clair.\nCanal+ is a supporter of the Hybrid Broadcast Broadband TV initiative that is promoting and establishing an open European standard for hybrid set-top boxes for the reception of broadcast TV and broadband multimedia applications with a single user interface.
/m/0vg8x	Bloomfield Hills is a city located in Metro Detroit's northern suburbs in Oakland County in the US state of Michigan, 20.2 miles northwest of downtown Detroit. The city is almost completely surrounded by Bloomfield Township. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 3,869. Bloomfield Hills consistently ranks as one of the top five wealthiest cities in the United States with population between 2,500 to 9,999 – it currently is listed at the number four position and in 1990 it was ranked number two. Bloomfield Hills has the second highest income for a municipality with over 1,000 households in the country and the first highest income in the state of Michigan.
/m/04pg29	Marc Cherry is an American television writer and producer. He is best known for creating the ABC dramedy series Desperate Housewives and the Lifetime dramedy series Devious Maids.
/m/05hz6_	Rio Ave Futebol Clube, commonly known as Rio Ave, is a Portuguese football club based in Vila do Conde, northern Portugal. The club is named after the Ave River, which empties into the Atlantic Ocean at the town.\nFounded in 1939, it currently plays in the first division, holding home games at Estádio do Rio Ave FC – also known as Estádio dos Arcos – a multi-use stadium used mostly for football matches, seating approximately 12,815 people and built in 1985.\nThe club's colours are a striped green and white shirt with white shorts and socks, while the away one is a striped red and white shirt and white shorts with yellow socks. Portuguese internationals Alfredo, Paulinho Santos, Quim, Rui Jorge and Fábio Coentrão started their careers at the club.\nThe Vilacondenses reached the 1984 Taça de Portugal Final, where they lost to Porto.
/m/054_mz	Lawrence Bender is an American film producer. He rose to fame by producing Reservoir Dogs in 1992 and has since produced all of Quentin Tarantino's films with the exception of Death Proof and Django Unchained.
/m/048tgl	Josh Freese is an American session drummer and songwriter. He is a permanent member of The Vandals and Devo having formerly played drums for Nine Inch Nails from late 2005 until late 2008, for A Perfect Circle from 1999 to 2012, and for Guns N' Roses from mid-1998 to 1999. Freese has appeared on close to 400 records. He is currently performing live with The Replacements, Devo, The Vandals and Sublime with Rome. In December 2010, Josh began touring with Paramore on their South American Tour, temporarily replacing the drummer Zac Farro after he and his brother left the band earlier the same month.
/m/013t2y	Wakefield is a city and the main settlement and administrative centre of the City of Wakefield, a metropolitan district of West Yorkshire, England. Located by the River Calder, on the eastern edge of the Pennines, the urban area is 2,062 hectares and had a population of 76,886 in 2001.\nWakefield was dubbed the \"Merrie City\" in the Middle Ages and in 1538 John Leland described it as, \"a very quick market town and meately large; well served of fish and flesh both from sea and by rivers ... so that all vitaile is very good and chepe there. A right honest man shall fare well for 2d. a meal. ... There be plenti of se coal in the quarters about Wakefield\".\nThe site of a battle during the Wars of the Roses and a Royalist stronghold during the Civil War, Wakefield developed in spite of setbacks to become an important market town and centre for wool, exploiting its position on the navigable River Calder to become an inland port.\nDuring the 18th century Wakefield continued to develop through trade in corn, coal mining and textiles and in 1888 its parish church, with Saxon origins, acquired cathedral status. The town became the county town and seat of the West Riding County Council in 1889 and the West Yorkshire Metropolitan Council from 1974 until it was dissolved in 1986.
/m/07jbh	Table tennis or ping-pong is a sport in which two or four players hit a lightweight ball back and forth using a table tennis racket. The game takes place on a hard table divided by a net. Except for the initial serve, players must allow a ball played toward them only one bounce on their side of the table and must return it so that it bounces on the opposite side. Points are scored when a player fails to return the ball within the rules. Play is fast and demands quick reactions. Spinning the ball alters its trajectory and limits an opponent's options, giving the hitter a great advantage. When doing so the hitter has a good chance of scoring if the spin is successful.\nTable tennis is governed by the worldwide organization International Table Tennis Federation, founded in 1926. ITTF currently includes 218 member associations. The table tennis official rules are specified in the ITTF handbook. Since 1988, table tennis has been an Olympic sport, with several event categories. In particular, from 1988 until 2004, these were: men's singles, women's singles, men's doubles and women's doubles. Since 2008 a team event has been played instead of the doubles.
/m/01v3x8	The Fukuoka SoftBank Hawks are a Japanese baseball team based in Fukuoka, Fukuoka Prefecture. The team was bought on January 28, 2005 by the SoftBank Corporation.\nThe team was formerly known as the Nankai Hawks and was based in Osaka. In 1988, Daiei bought the team from Osaka's Nankai Electric Railway Co., and its headquarters were moved to Fukuoka. The Daiei Hawks won the Pacific League championship in 1999, 2000 and 2003 and won the Japan Series in 1999, 2003, and 2011.
/m/0q01m	Cystine is the amino acid formed by the oxidation of two cysteine molecules that covalently link via a disulfide bond. This organosulfur compound has the formula (SCH2CH(NH2)CO2H)2. It is a white solid that is slightly soluble in water. Human hair and skin contain approximately 10-14% cystine by mass. It was discovered in 1810 by William Hyde Wollaston but was not recognized as being derived of proteins until it was isolated from the horn of a cow in 1899.
/m/01gxqf	Macclesfield Town Football Club is an English football club based in Macclesfield, Cheshire. The club played in the Football League from 1996–97 until relegation to the Conference Premier was confirmed on 28 April 2012. The club was formed in 1874 and the team play their home games at the 6,355 capacity Moss Rose stadium.\nThe 2011–12 season was Macclesfield Town's 15th consecutive season in the Football League and their 13th consecutive season in the fourth tier of English football which, until their relegation, made them the then longest-serving members of League Two.
/m/07h1h5	Kasper Peter Schmeichel is a Danish footballer who plays for Leicester City as a goalkeeper. He is the son of former player Peter Schmeichel.\nSchmeichel began his career with Manchester City, but he had loan spells with Darlington, Bury and Falkirk before he made his City debut. Although Schmeichel appeared to have made the City number 1 jersey his own at the start of the 2007–08 season, the emergence of Joe Hart resulted in Schmeichel being loaned to Cardiff City. The signing of Republic of Ireland international Shay Given in January 2009 meant that Schmeichel fell even further down the pecking order at City, and in August 2009, he was allowed to link up with former manager Sven-Göran Eriksson at Notts County. He spent only one season with the Magpies as, while it was a very successful one for the club and the player himself, changes to the club's financial position made his departure necessary and his contract was terminated by mutual consent. He joined Leeds United in May 2010, but again, his tenure at the club would only last one season before he was the subject of a transfer to Leicester City, where he would again work under Sven-Göran Eriksson.\nHe played 17 games for the Denmark national under-21 team. Schmeichel was called up to the Denmark national football team for the first time against Iceland on 13 May 2011.
/m/01nrgq	Thomas Daniel \"Tim\" Conway is an American comedian and actor, who has worked in sitcoms, sketch comedy and film. Conway is best known for his role in the popular 1960s World War II situation comedy McHale's Navy as the inept Ensign Charles Parker, second-in-command to Lieutenant Commander Quinton McHale, for co-starring alongside Carol Burnett on The Carol Burnett Show, and as the voice of Barnacle Boy from the animated series SpongeBob SquarePants.
/m/0gbfn9	Fast Food Nation is a 2006 drama film directed by Richard Linklater. The screenplay was written by Linklater and Eric Schlosser, loosely based on the latter's bestselling 2001 non-fiction book of the same name.
/m/0bzjvm	The 48th Academy Awards were presented March 29, 1976 at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion, Los Angeles. The ceremonies were presided over by Walter Matthau, Robert Shaw, George Segal, Goldie Hawn, and Gene Kelly. This year, ABC took over broadcast rights from NBC, and continues to broadcast them today.\nMiloš Forman's One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, which became the next film following It Happened One Night, made a \"clean sweep\" of the major categories: Best Picture, Best Actor, Best Actress, Best Director and Best Screenplay.\nAt age 80, George Burns became the then oldest acting and Best Supporting Actor awardee. For males, this was maintained until Christopher Plummer at the age of 82 in 2012 with Beginners. By a few months at 80, Jessica Tandy succeeded Burns in 1990. Jaws was succeeded 25 years later by Traffic for a film that won all its nominated categories except for Best Picture. Jaws is one of the few times of a Best Picture film nomination but not in other major categories of directing, acting, or writing.
/m/0145m	Afrobeat is a combination of traditional Yoruba music, jazz, highlife, funk, and chanted vocals, fused with percussion and vocal styles, popularised in Africa in the 1970s. Its main creator was the Nigerian multi-instrumentalist and bandleader Fela Kuti, who gave it its name, who used it to revolutionize musical structure as well as the political context in his native Nigeria. It was Kuti who coined the term \"afrobeat\" upon his return from a U.S. tour with his group Nigeria '70. Afrobeat features chants, call-and-response vocals, and complex, interacting rhythms.\nThe new sound hailed from a club that he established called the Afro-Shrine. Upon arriving in Nigeria, Kuti also changed the name of his group to Africa '70. The band maintained a five-year residency in the Afro-Shrine from 1970 to 1975 while afrobeat thrived among Nigerian youth. Afrobeat is now one of the most recognizable music genres in the world and has influenced as many Western musicians as it has African ones with its exuberant style and polyrhythms.
/m/01n4w_	Washington and Lee University is a private liberal arts university in Lexington, Virginia, United States.\nWashington and Lee's 325 acre campus sits at the heart of Lexington and abuts the Virginia Military Institute in the Shenandoah Valley region of Virginia between the Blue Ridge Mountains and the Allegheny Mountains. The rural campus is approximately 50 miles from Roanoke, Virginia, 140 miles from Richmond, Virginia, and 180 miles from Washington, DC.\nWashington and Lee was founded in 1749 as a small classical school by Scotch-Irish Presbyterian pioneers, though currently the University maintains no religious affiliation. In 1796, George Washington endowed the struggling academy with a gift of stock. In gratitude, the school was renamed for the first United States President. In 1865, General Robert E. Lee served as president of the college until his death in 1870, prompting the college to be renamed as Washington and Lee University. Washington and Lee is the ninth oldest institution of higher learning in the United States and the second oldest in Virginia.\nThe University consists of three academic units: The College; the Williams School of Commerce, Economics, and Politics; and the School of Law. The University hosts 23 intercollegiate athletic teams which compete as part of the Old Dominion Athletic Conference of the NCAA Division III.
/m/072w0	The Seventh-day Adventist Church is a Protestant Christian denomination distinguished by its observance of Saturday, the original seventh day of the Judeo-Christian week, as the Sabbath, and by its emphasis on the imminent second coming of Jesus Christ. The denomination grew out of the Millerite movement in the United States during the middle part of the 19th century and was formally established in 1863. Among its founders was Ellen G. White, whose extensive writings are still held in high regard by the church today.\nMuch of the theology of the Seventh-day Adventist Church corresponds to Protestant Christian teachings such as the Trinity and the infallibility of Scripture. Distinctive teachings include the unconscious state of the dead and the doctrine of an investigative judgment. The church is also known for its emphasis on diet and health, its \"holistic\" understanding of the person, its promotion of religious liberty, and its conservative principles and lifestyle.\nThe world church is governed by a General Conference, with smaller regions administered by divisions, union conferences and local conferences. It currently has a worldwide baptized membership of about 18.02 million people. As of May 2007, it was the twelfth-largest religious body in the world, and the sixth-largest highly international religious body. It has a missionary presence in over 200 countries and territories and is ethnically and culturally diverse. The church operates numerous schools, hospitals and publishing houses worldwide, as well as a humanitarian aid organization known as the Adventist Development and Relief Agency.
/m/020bv3	Love Actually is a 2003 British Christmas-themed romantic comedy film written and directed by Richard Curtis. The screenplay delves into different aspects of love as shown through ten separate stories involving a wide variety of individuals, many of whom are shown to be interlinked as their tales progress.\nSet primarily in London, the story begins five weeks before Christmas and is played out in a weekly countdown until the holiday, followed by an epilogue that takes place one month later.
/m/02bbyw	The University of Pisa, is an Italian public research university located in Pisa, Italy. It was founded in 1343 by an edict of Pope Clement VI. It is the 19th oldest extant university in the world and the 10th oldest in Italy. The prestigious university is ranked between first and third places nationally, in the top 30 in Europe and the top 300 in the world. It houses the Orto botanico di Pisa, Europe's oldest academic botanical garden, which was founded in 1544.\nThe University of Pisa is part of the Pisa University System, which includes the Scuola Normale Superiore and the Sant'Anna School of Advanced Studies. It offers a wide range of courses, including the computer science course, which is the first in the area to be activated in Italy. The aerospace Master of Science courses are the first in Italy to be offered entirely in the English language. The university has about 57,000 students.\nIn the fields of philology and cultural studies, the University of Pisa is a leading member of ICoN, an inter-university consortium of 21 Italian universities supported by the Ministry of Education, Universities and Research, as well as a member of the European University Association, the Partnership of a European Group of Aeronautics and Space Universities network and the Cineca consortium. It's the only university in Italy which has become a member of the prestigious Universities Research Association.
/m/020hh3	Lars Ulrich is a Danish drummer and one of the founding members of American heavy metal band Metallica. He was born in Gentofte, Denmark to an upper-middle-class family. A tennis player in his youth, Ulrich moved to Los Angeles, California at age sixteen in the summer of 1980 to pursue his training; though rather than playing tennis, he began playing the drums. After publishing an advertisement in a local Los Angeles newspaper called The Recycler, Ulrich met James Hetfield and formed Metallica.
/m/0f2zc	James Francis \"Jim\" Thorpe was an American athlete of both Native American and European ancestry. Considered one of the most versatile athletes of modern sports, he won Olympic gold medals for the 1912 pentathlon and decathlon, played American football, and also played professional baseball and basketball. He lost his Olympic titles after it was found he was paid for playing two seasons of semi-professional baseball before competing in the Olympics, thus violating the amateurism rules that were then in place. In 1983, 30 years after his death, the International Olympic Committee restored his Olympic medals.\nThorpe grew up in the Sac and Fox Nation in Oklahoma. He played as part of several All-American Indian teams throughout his career, and \"barnstormed\" as a professional basketball player with a team composed entirely of American Indians.\nFrom 1920 to 1921, Thorpe was nominally the first president of the American Professional Football Association, which would become the National Football League in 1922.\nHe played professional sports until age 41, the end of his sports career coinciding with the start of the Great Depression. Thorpe struggled to earn a living after that, working several odd jobs. Thorpe suffered from alcoholism, and lived his last years in failing health and poverty.
/m/0fwdr	Metz is a city in the northeast of France located at the confluence of the Moselle and the Seille rivers. Metz is the capital and the prefecture of both the Lorraine region and the Moselle department. Located near the tripoint along the junction of France, Germany, and Luxembourg, the city forms a central place of the European Greater Region and the SaarLorLux euroregion.\nMetz has a rich 3,000-year-history, having variously been a Celtic oppidum, an important Gallo-Roman city, the Merovingian capital of the Austrasia kingdom, the birthplace of the Carolingian dynasty, a cradle of the Gregorian chant, and one of the oldest republics of the common era in Europe. The city has been steeped in Romance culture, but has been strongly influenced by Germanic culture due to its location and history.\nBecause of its historical, cultural, and architectural background, Metz has been submitted on the France's UNESCO World Heritage Tentative List in 2014. The city features noteworthy buildings such as the Gothic Saint-Stephen Cathedral, the Basilica of Saint-Pierre-aux-Nonnains, its Station Palace, or its Opera House, the oldest one working in France. Metz is home to some world-class venues including the Arsenal Concert Hall and the Centre Pompidou-Metz museum.
/m/02y_rq5	The National Society of Film Critics Award for Best Actress is an annual award given by the National Society of Film Critics to honour the best leading actress of the year.
/m/02b1mc	Stevenage Football Club is an English football club based in Stevenage, Hertfordshire. The club currently participate in League One, the third tier in the English football league system, having won promotion from League Two in the 2010–11 season. They play their home games at Broadhall Way in Stevenage.\nFounded in 1976 following the demise of the town's former club, they joined the United Counties League in 1980 and enjoyed instant success; winning the United Counties League Division One and the United Counties League Cup in the club's first year of formation. Following three promotions in four seasons in the early 1990s, the club were promoted to the Conference National in 1994. Despite winning the league in the 1995–96 season, the club were denied promotion to the Football League due to insufficient ground facilities. Stevenage were finally promoted to the Football League after winning the Conference National in the 2009–10 season. On securing Football League status, the club dropped the word 'Borough' from its title. Stevenage earned back-to-back promotions when they beat Torquay United 1–0 at Old Trafford in the 2010–11 play-off final.
/m/06qln	Stop motion is an animation technique to make a physically manipulated object appear to move on its own. The object is moved in small increments between individually photographed frames, creating the illusion of movement when the series of frames is played as a continuous sequence. Dolls with movable joints or clay figures are often used in stop motion for their ease of repositioning. Stop motion animation using plasticine is called clay animation or \"clay-mation\". Not all stop motion requires figures or models; many stop motion films can involve using humans, household appliances and other things for comedic effect. Stop motion using objects is sometimes referred to as object animation.
/m/0fqz6	Cajuns are an ethnic group mainly living in the U.S. state of Louisiana, consisting of the descendants of Acadian exiles. Today, the Cajuns make up a significant portion of south Louisiana's population, and have exerted an enormous impact on the state's culture.\nWhile Lower Louisiana had been settled by French colonists since the late 17th century, the Cajuns trace their roots to the influx of Acadian settlers after the Great Expulsion from their homeland during the French and English hostilities prior to the Seven Years' War. The Acadia region to which modern Cajuns trace their origin consisted largely of what are now Nova Scotia and the other Maritime provinces, plus parts of eastern Quebec and northern Maine. Since their establishment in Louisiana the Cajuns have developed their own dialect, Cajun French, and developed a vibrant culture including folkways, music, and cuisine. The Acadiana region is heavily associated with them.
/m/09xvf7	Robert Zigler Leonard was an American film director, actor, producer and screenwriter.
/m/01w9mnm	David Sylvian is an English singer-songwriter and musician who came to prominence in the late 1970s as the lead vocalist and main songwriter in the group Japan. His subsequent solo work is described by critic Jason Ankeny as \"a far-ranging and esoteric career that encompassed not only solo projects but also a series of fascinating collaborative efforts.\" Sylvian's solo work has been influenced by a variety of musical styles and genres, including jazz, avant-garde, ambient, electronic, and progressive rock.
/m/04205z	Emily Olivia Leah Blunt is an English actress. She has appeared in The Devil Wears Prada, The Young Victoria, The Adjustment Bureau, and Looper. She has been nominated for four Golden Globe Awards, two London Film Critics' Circle Awards, and one BAFTA Award. She won a Golden Globe Award for her work in the BBC television drama Gideon's Daughter. In 2009, she received the BAFTA Britannia Award for British Artist of the Year.
/m/02b1mr	Tamworth Football Club is an English football club based in Tamworth, Staffordshire. The club participates in the Conference National, the fifth tier of English football.\nThe club were formed in 1933 after the previous Tamworth club, Tamworth Castle, ceased to exist. They originally played at The Jolly Sailor Ground but after a year moved into The Lamb Ground.\nLocal rivals include Burton Albion and Nuneaton Town, and to a lesser degree Atherstone Town, Bedworth United and Bolehall Swifts. The team are currently managed by Dale Belford, and the current club captain is Duane Courtney.
/m/02qwdhq	The Genie Award for Best Achievement in Overall Sound is awarded by the Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television to the best Canadian sound designer.
/m/07l50_1	A Single Man is a romantic drama film written by Tom Ford and David Scearce and directed by Tom Ford.\n\n\"Tom Ford's historical importance (to date) rests in part on his unique collaborations with the late twentieth century's great commercial photographers: Richard Avedon, Steven Meisel, Helmut Newton, Herb Ritts and so on. With them, he championed the idea that style could govern our memories, without an appeal to straightforward nostalgia. Evidence of this same balance of past and present can also be found in the clothes he famously created at Gucci. Ford drew from the past in ways that clearly distinguish tribute from innovation, evoking both technological change and the timeless truths of the human form.\n\nIn his first feature film, Ford continues along this rich and aesthetically complex pathway, using the recent history of the photographic image to tell a story both historical and bracingly contemporary. The setting is Southern California and our moment in time is officially the early sixties. We meet George Falconer (Colin Firth), a gay college professor, as he learns that his lover Jim (Matthew Goode) has died in a car wreck. Grief overwhelms him, and his “invisible status” in society begins to close in again. Suicide seems the best way out. But a mad night with Charley (Julianne Moore), his best girlfriend from England, and the unexpected attentions of an angora-sweater-clad young man make George think twice.\n\nBased on a late-career Christopher Isherwood novel, told largely through flashback and featuring alarmingly precise attention to period detail in furniture, costume and architecture, A Single Man could easily have felt like a throwback, a work of atavism. But Ford pulls this pre-AIDS tale of gay love and loss into our age by reminding us, again, of what is eternal in life, love and how we choose to forgive. The film deliberately reveals how George pulls himself from the narcissism of self-sacrifice to an understanding of his value to the world and the people around him. Ford seems to be gently insisting that the rich and complex personal histories of gay men, from any age, must be part of the political calculations of our time. A Single Man confirms this artist's ongoing impact on our culture and our awareness of our place within it.\"\nQuoting Noah Cowan.
/m/06dn58	Robert \"Bobby\" Cannavale is an American actor known for his leading role as Bobby Caffey in the first two seasons of the television series Third Watch. Cannavale also had a recurring role on the NBC comedy series Will & Grace as Officer Vincent \"Vince\" D'Angelo, Will Truman's long-term boyfriend, and portrayed Gyp Rosetti during the third season of the HBO drama Boardwalk Empire, for which he won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series in 2013. He most recently played Chili in Woody Allen's 2013 film Blue Jasmine.
/m/0ff3y	Joseph Heller was an American satirical novelist, short story writer, and playwright. The title of one of his works, Catch-22, entered the English lexicon to refer to a vicious circle wherein an absurd, no-win choice, particularly in situations in which the desired outcome of the choice is an impossibility, and regardless of choice, a same negative outcome is a certainty. Although he is remembered primarily for Catch-22, his other works center on the lives of various members of the middle class and remain examples of modern satire.
/m/03lht	The House of Habsburg, also spelled Hapsburg, was one of the most important royal houses of Europe. The throne of the Holy Roman Empire was continuously occupied by the Habsburgs between 1438 and 1740. The house also produced kings of Bohemia, England, Germany, Hungary, Croatia, Ireland, Portugal, Spain, as well as rulers of several Dutch and Italian countries.\nThe House takes its name from Habsburg Castle, a fortress built in the 1020s in present-day Switzerland by Count Radbot of Klettgau, who chose to name his fortress Habsburg. His grandson, Otto II, was the first to take the fortress name as his own, adding \"Count of Habsburg\" to his title. The House of Habsburg gathered dynastic momentum through the 11th, 12th and 13th centuries.\nBy 1276, Count Radbot's seventh generation descendant, Rudolph of Habsburg, had moved the family's power base from Habsburg Castle to the Duchy of Austria. Rudolph had become King of Germany in 1273, and the dynasty of the House of Habsburg was truly entrenched in 1276 when Rudolph became ruler of Austria, which the Habsburgs ruled until 1918.\nA series of dynastic marriages enabled the family to vastly expand its domains, to include Burgundy, Spain and her colonial empire, Bohemia, Hungary, and other territories into the inheritance. In the 16th century, the family separated into the senior Habsburg Spain and the junior Habsburg Monarchy branches, who settled their mutual claims in the Oñate treaty.
/m/06vqdf	Norman \"Norm\" Prescott was co-founder and executive producer at Filmation Associates, an animation studio he created with veteran animator Lou Scheimer. Born in Boston, Massachusetts, he began his career as a disk jockey, becoming program director at station WORL in the late 1940s, before relocating to WBZ radio in the 1950s. He went to work for Joseph E. Levine's Embassy Pictures Corp. in 1959, serving as vice president of music, merchandising and post-production. He, Lou Scheimer and Hal Sutherland formed Filmation in 1963.\nIn many of Filmation's shows in the 1970s, Prescott was co-credited as music composer under the pseudonym \"Jeff Michael\", along with Ray Ellis under the pseudonym \"Yvette Blais\" and Dean Andre.
/m/0jdm8	In film, a remake is a motion picture based on a film produced earlier. The term remake can refer to everything on the spectrum of reused material: both an allusion or a line-by-line change retake of a movie. However, the term generally pertains to a new version of an old film. A reproduced television series could also be called a remake.
/m/064nh4k	Jenna Noelle Ushkowitz is an American stage and television actress, singer and writer, best known for her performances in Broadway musicals and for her role as Tina Cohen-Chang on Glee. She has also written a memoir titled Choosing Glee.
/m/04110lv	The 81st Academy Awards ceremony, presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, honored the best films of 2008 and took place on February 22, 2009, at the Kodak Theatre in Hollywood, Los Angeles beginning at 5:30 p.m. PST / 8:30 p.m. EST. During the ceremony, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences presented Academy Awards in 24 categories. The ceremony, televised in the United States by ABC, was produced by Bill Condon and Laurence Mark. Actor Hugh Jackman hosted the show for the first time. Two weeks earlier in a ceremony at the Beverly Wilshire Hotel in Beverly Hills, California held on February 7, the Academy Awards for Technical Achievement were presented by host Jessica Biel.\nSlumdog Millionaire won eight awards, the most of the evening, including Best Picture and Best Director for Danny Boyle. Other winners were The Curious Case of Benjamin Button with three awards, The Dark Knight and Milk with two awards, and Departures, The Duchess, La Maison en Petits Cubes, Man on Wire, The Reader, Smile Pinki, Toyland, Vicky Cristina Barcelona, and WALL-E with one. The telecast garnered nearly 37 million viewers.
/m/01k2yr	The LA Galaxy, formerly the Los Angeles Galaxy, are an American professional soccer team, based in the Los Angeles suburb of Carson, California, which competes in Major League Soccer. It is one of the ten charter clubs of MLS, and one of the league's most-decorated clubs, along with D.C. United.\nThe Galaxy have won the MLS Cup four times, the MLS Supporters' Shield four times, the Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup twice, and is one of just two MLS teams to win the CONCACAF Champions' Cup which they accomplished in 2000.\nInitially, the Galaxy played their home games at the Rose Bowl in Pasadena, California, but since 2003 they have played at the StubHub Center in Carson, which they share with their rival, Chivas USA. The club's current head coach is former US national team coach Bruce Arena. The team holds a fierce rivalry with the San Jose Earthquakes in the California Clásico.\nIn January 2007, the club made international headlines by signing English superstar David Beckham from Real Madrid, which was the highest-profile signing in the history of MLS. Another major signing was Robbie Keane, who currently captains the club.
/m/01453	ACF Fiorentina, commonly referred to as simply Fiorentina, is a professional Italian football club from Florence, Tuscany. Founded by a merger in 1926, Fiorentina have played at the top level of Italian football for the majority of their existence; only four clubs have played in more Serie A seasons.\nFiorentina have won two Italian Championships, in 1955–56 and again in 1968–69, as well as winning six Coppa Italia trophies and one Italian Super Cup. On the European stage, Fiorentina won the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup in 1960–61 and lost the final one year later. They finished runners-up in the 1956–57 European Cup, losing against Real Madrid, and also came close to winning the UEFA Cup, finishing as runners-up in the 1989–90 season.\nSince 1931, the club have played at the Stadio Artemio Franchi, which currently has a capacity of 47,282. The stadium has used several names over the years and has undergone several renovations. Fiorentina are known widely by the nickname Viola, a reference to their distinctive purple colours.
/m/0rj0z	Fort Lauderdale is a city in the State of Florida, on the Atlantic coast 23 miles north of Miami. It is the county seat of Broward County. As of the 2010 census, the city had a population of 165,521. It is a principal city of the South Florida metropolitan area, which was home to 5,564,635 people at the 2010 census.\nThe city is a popular tourist destination, with an average year-round temperature of 77 degrees and an annual 3,000 hours of sunshine. Greater Fort Lauderdale which takes in all of Broward County hosted 12 million visitors in 2012, including 2.8 million international visitors. The city and county in 2012 collected $43.9 million from the 5% bed tax it charges, after hotels in the area recorded an occupancy rate for the year of 72.7 percent and an average daily rate of $114.48. The district has 561 hotels and motels comprising nearly 35,000 rooms. Forty six cruise ships sailed from Port Everglades in 2012. Greater Fort Lauderdale has over 4,000 restaurants, 63 golf courses, 12 shopping malls, 16 museums, 132 nightclubs, 278 parkland campsites, and 100 marinas housing 45,000 resident yachts.\nFort Lauderdale is named after a series of forts built by the United States during the Second Seminole War. The forts took their name from Major William Lauderdale, who was the commander of the detachment of soldiers who built the first fort. However, development of the city did not begin until 50 years after the forts were abandoned at the end of the conflict. Three forts named \"Fort Lauderdale\" were constructed; the first was at the fork of the New River, the second at Tarpon Bend on the New River between the Colee Hammock and Rio Vista neighborhoods, and the third near the site of the Bahia Mar Marina.
/m/0ps1q	Duisburg is a German city in the western part of the Ruhr Area in North Rhine-Westphalia. It is an independent metropolitan borough within Regierungsbezirk Düsseldorf. With the world's biggest inland harbor and its proximity to Düsseldorf International Airport, Duisburg has become an important venue for commerce and steel production.\nToday's city is a result of numerous incorporations of surrounding towns and smaller cities. It is the fifteenth-largest city in Germany and the fifth-largest city in North Rhine-Westphalia with 488,218 residents as of the end of 2010. The city is renowned for its steel industry. The last remaining coal mine closed down in the summer of 2009, but Duisburg has never been a coal-mining center to the same extent as other places in the Ruhr region. All blast furnaces in the Ruhr are now located in Duisburg. 49% of all hot metal and 34.4% of all pig-iron in Germany is produced here. It also has a large brewery, the König Brauerei, located in Duisburg-Beeck, which makes the König Pilsener brand. The University of Duisburg-Essen, with 39,000 students, ranks among the 10 largest German universities.
/m/02j62	Economics is the social science that studies the behavior of individuals, groups, and organizations, when they manage or use scarce resources, which have alternative uses, to achieve desired ends. Agents are assumed to act rational, have multiple ends in sights, limited resources to obtain them, a set of stable preferences, a definite overall guiding objective, and the capability of making a choice. There exist an economic problem, subject of study of the economic science, when a decision has to be made by one or more resources controlling players, to attain the best possible outcome under bounded rational conditions, in other words, to maximize value subject to the constrains imposed by the information the agents have, the cognitive limitations of their minds, and the finite amount of time they have to take a decision. So, the science centers on the activities of the economic agents that comprise society. They are the focus of economic analysis.\nEconomics traditional concern is to gain an understanding of the processes that govern the production, distribution and consumption of good and services in an exchange economy.Through the study of agent behavior under scarcity, one approach may go as follows:
/m/018dhx	Belleville is a city located at the mouth of the Moira River on the Bay of Quinte in Southern Ontario, Canada, along the Quebec City-Windsor Corridor. It is the seat of Hastings County, but politically independent of it, and is the centre of the Bay of Quinte Region.
/m/03swmf	Ronald Arthur \"Ron\" Silver was an American actor, director, producer, radio host and political activist.
/m/028lc8	Ben \"Son\" Johnson, Jr. was an American Academy Award-winning film actor mainly cast in Westerns in the 1940s and 1950s. He was also a world champion rodeo cowboy, stuntman, and rancher.
/m/09bw4_	Jumper is a 2008 American science fiction film directed by Doug Liman, loosely based on the 1992 science fiction novel of the same name written by Steven Gould. The film is directed by Doug Liman and stars Hayden Christensen, Jamie Bell, Samuel L. Jackson, Rachel Bilson, Max Thieriot, AnnaSophia Robb, and Diane Lane. The film follows a young man capable of teleporting as he is chased by a secret society intent on killing him.\nThe script went through a rewrite prior to filming and the roles for the main characters were changed during production. Jumper was filmed in 20 cities in 14 countries between 2006-07. The film was released on February 14, 2008 and a soundtrack on February 19. The film held the first position in its opening weekend with $27.3 million, but received generally negative reviews from critics, mostly due to the limited plot.
/m/0j_1v	Volusia County is located in the east-central part of the U.S. state of Florida, bordered by the St. Johns River to the west and the south, and the Atlantic Ocean to the east. The county was founded on December 29, 1854. As of the 2010 United States Census, the population was 494,593. It is the sole county of the Deltona–Daytona Beach–Ormond Beach, FL Metropolitan Statistical Area, which was the 103rd-largest metropolitan area in the United States as of 2010. The county seat is DeLand, and the largest municipality is Deltona.\nThe county is further listed by the U.S. Office of Management and Budget as part of the Orlando–Deltona–Daytona Beach, FL Combined Statistical Area. This includes the Metropolitan Statistical Areas of Orlando–Kissimmee–Sanford and Palm Coast, as well as the micropolitan area of The Villages. The Combined Statistical Area was estimated to have a population of 2,818,120 in 2010.
/m/0ly5n	Frederick Martin \"Fred\" MacMurray was an American actor who appeared in more than 100 movies and a successful television series during a career that spanned nearly a half-century, from 1930 to the 1970s.\nMacMurray is well known for his role in the 1944 film noir Double Indemnity directed by Billy Wilder, in which he starred with Barbara Stanwyck. Later in his career, he became better known worldwide as Steve Douglas, the widowed patriarch on My Three Sons, which ran on ABC from 1960–1965 and then on CBS from 1965–1972.
/m/0335fp	Bradley Whitford is an American film and television actor. He has played White House Deputy Chief of Staff Josh Lyman on the NBC television drama The West Wing, Danny Tripp on Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip, Dan Stark in the Fox police buddy-comedy The Good Guys, Timothy Carter, a character who was believed to be Red John in the CBS series The Mentalist, and antagonist Eric Gordon in the film Billy Madison.\nWhitford was nominated for three consecutive Emmy Awards from 2001–2003 for \"Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series\" for his role on The West Wing, winning the award in 2001. This role has also garnered him three consecutive Golden Globe Award nominations for \"Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role\".\nHe was an occasional columnist for The Huffington Post, up until November 2009.
/m/0dgfx	Braunschweig or Brunswick, is a city of 250,556 people, located in the state of Lower Saxony, Germany. It is located north of the Harz mountains at the farthest navigable point of the Oker river, which connects to the North Sea via the rivers Aller and Weser. A powerful and influential centre of commerce in medieval Germany, Braunschweig was a member of the Hanseatic League from the 13th until the 17th century, and the capital of the state of Brunswick until its disestablishment in 1946.
/m/02rgz97	Mark Irwin, A.S.C., C.S.C. is a Canadian cinematographer.\nHe was born in Toronto. He studied Political science at the University of Waterloo and Filmmaking at the York University.\nHe is famous for early David Cronenberg films such as Fast Company, Scanners, Videodrome, The Dead Zone, and The Fly. Irwin has also been a main collaborator for several directors such as Wes Craven, Todd Phillips and The Farrelly brothers.
/m/02sn34	Kiev or Kyiv is the capital and the largest city of Ukraine, located in the north central part of the country on the Dnieper River. The population as of July 2013 was 2,847,200, making Kiev at least 8th largest city in Europe.\nKiev is an important industrial, scientific, educational, and cultural centre of Eastern Europe. It is home to many high-tech industries, higher education institutions and world-famous historical landmarks. The city has an extensive infrastructure and highly developed system of public transport, including the Kiev Metro.\nThe city's name is said to derive from the name of Kyi, one of its four legendary founders. During its history, Kiev, one of the oldest cities in Eastern Europe, passed through several stages of great prominence and relative obscurity. The city probably existed as a commercial centre as early as the 5th century. A Slavic settlement on the great trade route between Scandinavia and Constantinople, Kiev was a tributary of the Khazars, until seized by the Varangians in the mid-9th century. Under Varangian rule, the city became a capital of the Rus', the first East Slavic state. Completely destroyed during the Mongol invasion in 1240, the city lost most of its influence for the centuries to come. It was a provincial capital of marginal importance in the outskirts of the territories controlled by its powerful neighbours; first the Grand Duchy of Lithuania, followed by Poland and Russia.
/m/0mzg2	Pomeranian Voivodeship, Pomorskie Region, or Pomerania Province, is a voivodeship, or province, in north-central Poland. It comprises most of Pomerelia, as well as an area east of the Vistula River. The western part of the province, around Słupsk, belonged historically to Farther Pomerania, while Pomerelia and the eastern bank of the Vistula belonged to the historical region of Prussia. The central parts of the province are also known as Kashubia, named after the Kashubian minority. The provincial capital is Gdańsk.\nThe voivodeship was established on January 1, 1999, out of the former voivodeships of Gdańsk, Elbląg and Słupsk, pursuant to the Polish local government reforms adopted in 1998. It is bordered by West Pomeranian Voivodeship to the west, Greater Poland and Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeships to the south, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship to the east, and the Baltic Sea to the north. It also shares a short land border with Russia, on the Vistula Spit.\nGdańsk, the regional capital, forms part of the Tricity of Sopot, Gdańsk and Gdynia. The voivodeship also includes the narrow Hel Peninsula and the Polish half of the Vistula Spit. Other tourist destinations include Sopot, Jurata, Łeba, Władysławowo, Puck, Krynica Morska, Ustka, Jastarnia, Kuźnica, Bytów and many fishing ports and lighthouses.
/m/09snz	Bellingham Washington\r\nThere is a reason thousands of people flock to Bellingham Washington each year. This jewel of the northwest is located 78 miles north of Seattle, 60 miles south of Vancouver, and rests along the waterfront of Bellingham Bay. The tree-lined streets of the city are threaded with art, music, and culture. The backdrop of the city scene is the great outdoors, which is why many people choose Bellingham as a place to live or visit. There are many interesting destinations within the city providing a unique place to explore.\r\nBellingham is an experience in its own right, no matter where you go in town or how you get there. The city is home to historic Fairhaven, Chuckanut ridge, Lake Whatcom, Whatcom Community College, and Western Washington University. Transportation into the city includes flights to and from the Bellingham International Airport, the Alaska Ferry Terminal, and the Amtrak Cascade.\r\nAmong attractions in Bellingham, the Whatcom Museum of History and Art is a must-see. The museum features exhibits of contemporary art and regional history including 200,000 antique artifacts and photographs. The brick building stands on a bluff overlooking the bay and once served as Bellingham’s original city hall for over four decades. The intriguing architecture stands out against short square buildings and is comparable only to Mount Baker Theater’s tower which faces the museum only a few blocks away. Mount Baker Theater hosts popular concerts and showcases national dance and theater companies.\r\nThe Saturday Farmers’ Market draws as many as 10,000 visitors every weekend. The market is a colorful collection of local crafts and fresh produce booths and is situated downtown in the newly constructed Depot Market pavilion. The atmosphere of delicious aromas featured every Saturday provides an opportunity to meet local vendors who offer their talents in agriculture, crafts and culinary art.\r\nFrom most locations in Bellingham there is one landmark that is strikingly visible. Mount Baker looms over the town beckoning anyone who loves to ski or snowboard. The Mount Baker ski area is located in a volcanic realm between Mount Shuksan and Mount Baker. The base of 3,500 feet creeps up to an elevation of 5089 feet. The ski resort is the proud home to the 1998-1999 world record snowfall of 1140 inches in one season. Plentiful powder days, icy treetops and scenic peaks bring snow addicts from around the world.\r\nEvenings in Bellingham are enough to make most people fall in love with the city. Distant purple mountains line the horizon as the red and orange layered sunset fades into nightfall. Mount Baker often glows pink in backlighting. The bay reaches out towards the overlapping blue silhouettes of the San Juan Islands. The islands are accessible by a short drive to Anacortes and ferryboat ride. The location of the city is ideal. Seattle, Vancouver, Mt. Baker and the San Juan Islands are within a 2-hour drive of city limits. Closer to home destinations are not hard to find, either.\r\nHiking at Chuckanut Ridge offers views of the San Juan Islands and Clayton Beach is comprised of sandstone rock formations and rare northwest sandy beaches. Other outdoor activities include world class mountain biking on urban Galbraith Mountain, wakeboarding on Lake Whatcom, and sailing on the persistently windy Bellingham Bay.\r\nSome residents boast that Bellingham has it all; the ocean, mountains, culture, history, art, music, lakes, trees, rivers and good people.
/m/06hx2	Robert Francis Kennedy, commonly known as \"Bobby\" or by his initials RFK, was an American politician, who served as a Senator for New York from 1965 until his assassination in 1968. He was previously the 64th U.S. Attorney General from 1961 to 1964, serving under his older brother, President John F. Kennedy and his successor, President Lyndon B. Johnson. An icon of modern American liberalism and member of the Democratic Party, Kennedy was a leading candidate for the Democratic presidential nomination in the 1968 election.\nAfter serving in the U.S. Naval Reserve as a Seaman Apprentice from 1944 to 1946, Kennedy graduated from Harvard College and the University of Virginia School of Law. Prior to entering public office, he worked as a correspondent to the Boston Post and as an attorney in Washington D.C.. He gained national attention as the chief counsel of the Senate Labor Rackets Committee from 1957 to 1959, where he publicly challenged Teamsters President Jimmy Hoffa over the corrupt practices of the union, and published The Enemy Within, a book about corruption in organized labor.\nA prominent member of the Kennedy family, Bobby was the campaign manager for his brother Jack in the 1960 presidential election and was appointed Attorney General during his presidential administration. He also served as a White House adviser to the president from 1961 to 1963. His tenure is best known for its advocacy for the African-American Civil Rights Movement, crusade against organized crime and the mafia, and diplomacy during the Berlin Crisis of 1961. After his brother's assassination, Kennedy left the Johnson administration to run for the United States Senate in 1964, defeating Republican incumbent Kenneth Keating.
/m/02sddg	In baseball, a left fielder is an outfielder who plays defense in left field. Left field is the area of the outfield to the left of a person standing at home plate and facing towards the pitcher's mound. In the numbering system used to record defensive plays, the left fielder is assigned the number 7.
/m/05bjp6	The School of American Ballet is one of the most famous classical ballet schools in the world and is the associate school of the New York City Ballet, a leading international ballet company based at the Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts in New York City. The school trains students from the age of 6, with professional vocational ballet training for students aged 11–18. Graduates of the school achieve employment with leading ballet companies worldwide, most notably in the United States with New York City Ballet, American Ballet Theatre, Boston Ballet, and San Francisco Ballet.
/m/0myk8	The oud is a pear-shaped stringed instrument commonly used in Persian,Arabic, Hebrew/Jewish, Greek, Turkish, Byzantine, Armenian, North African, Somali and Middle Eastern music. Construction of the oud is similar to that of the lute. The modern oud and the European lute both descend from a common ancestor via diverging paths. The oud is readily distinguished by its lack of frets and smaller neck. It is considered an ancestor of the guitar.
/m/021b_	Carolyn Laurie \"Carol\" Kane is an American stage, screen, and television actress. She became known in the 1970s in films such as Hester Street and Annie Hall. She appeared on the television series Taxi in the early 1980s, as the wife of Latka, the character played by Andy Kaufman, winning two Emmy Awards for her work. She has played the character of Madame Morrible in the musical Wicked, both in regional productions and on Broadway from 2005 to 2009, and as of July 2013 is again playing the character in the Broadway company of Wicked.
/m/0dyb1	Toy Story is a 1995 American computer-animated buddy-comedy adventure film produced by Pixar Animation Studios and directed by John Lasseter, released by Walt Disney Pictures, Toy Story was the first feature-length computer-animated film and the first film produced by Pixar. Toy Story follows a group of anthropomorphic toys who pretend to be lifeless whenever humans are present, and focuses on the relationship between Woody, a pullstring cowboy doll, and Buzz Lightyear, an astronaut action figure. The film was written by John Lasseter, Andrew Stanton, Joel Cohen, Alec Sokolow, and Joss Whedon, and featured music by Randy Newman. Its executive producers were Steve Jobs and Edwin Catmull.\nPixar, which produced short animated films to promote their computers, was approached by Disney to produce a computer-animated feature after the success of the short Tin Toy, which is told from a small toy's perspective. Lasseter, Stanton, and Pete Docter wrote early story treatments which were thrown out by Disney, who pushed for a more edgy film. After disastrous story reels, production was halted and the script was re-written, better reflecting the tone and theme Pixar desired: that \"toys deeply want children to play with them, and that this desire drives their hopes, fears, and actions.\" The studio, then consisting of a relatively small number of employees, produced the film under minor financial constraints.
/m/02hjn4	A single-player video game is a video game where input from only one player is expected throughout the course of the gaming session. \"Single-player game\" usually refers to a game that can only be played by one person, while \"single-player mode\" usually refers to a particular game mode that is designed to be played by a single player, though the game also contains modes that can be played by several players simultaneously.\nThe vast majority of modern console games and arcade games are designed so that they can be played by a single player; although many of these games have modes that allow two or more players to play, very few actually require more than one player for the game to be played. The Unreal Tournament series is one example of such.
/m/0prhz	Hamlet is a 1990 drama film based on the Shakespearean tragedy of the same name directed by Franco Zeffirelli and starring Mel Gibson as the eponymous character. The film also features Glenn Close, Alan Bates, Paul Scofield, Ian Holm, Helena Bonham Carter, Stephen Dillane, and Nathaniel Parker. It is notable for being the first film from Icon Productions, a company co-founded by Gibson.
/m/0dsvzh	Gone Baby Gone is a 2007 American mystery film directed by Ben Affleck and starring his brother Casey Affleck. The screenplay by Ben Affleck and Aaron Stockard is based on the novel of the same name by Dennis Lehane, author of Mystic River and Shutter Island. The plot centers on two private investigators, Patrick Kenzie and Angela Gennaro, hunting for an abducted four-year-old girl from the Boston neighborhood of Dorchester.
/m/049w1q	The Clearing is a 2004 American drama film and the directorial debut of Pieter Jan Brugge, who has worked as a film producer. The film is loosely based on the real-life kidnapping of Gerrit Jan Heijn that took place in the Netherlands in 1987. The screenplay was written by Justin Haythe.
/m/0pswc	Tijuana is the largest city on the Baja California Peninsula and center of the Tijuana metropolitan area, part of the international San Diego–Tijuana metropolitan area. An industrial and financial center of Mexico, Tijuana exerts a strong influence on economics, education, culture, art, and politics. As the city has become a leading center in the country, so has the surrounding metropolitan area, a major industrial and paramount metropolis in northwestern Mexico. Currently one of the fastest growing metropolitan areas in Mexico, Tijuana maintains global city status.\nOn the Gold Coast of Baja California, Tijuana is the municipal seat, cultural, and commercial center of Tijuana Municipality, covering 23.5% of the municipality. A dominant manufacturing center of the North American continent, the city maintains facilities of numerous multinational conglomerate companies. The 2000s saw Tijuana become the medical device manufacturing capital of North America. Also a growing cultural center, Tijuana has been recognized as a most important new cultural mecca. The city is the most visited border city in the globe; sharing an approximate 24-kilometre-long border with its sister city San Diego, over fifty million people annually cross the border between these two cities. This metropolitan crossing makes the San Ysidro Port of Entry the busiest land-border crossing in the world. It is estimated that the two border crossing stations between the cities proper of San Diego and Tijuana account for 300,000 daily border crossings alone.
/m/01scmq	Atari Games Corporation was an American producer of arcade games, and originally part of Atari, Inc.
/m/03qgjwc	The Film Independent's Spirit Award for Best Supporting Actress is one of the annual Independent Spirit Awards.
/m/03mnk	Hewlett-Packard Company or HP is an American multinational information technology corporation headquartered in Palo Alto, California, United States. It provides hardware, software and services to consumers, small- and medium-sized businesses and large enterprises, including customers in the government, health and education sectors.\nThe company was founded in a one-car garage in Palo Alto by William \"Bill\" Redington Hewlett and Dave Packard. HP is the world's leading PC manufacturer and has been since 2007, fending off a challenge by Chinese manufacturer Lenovo, according to Gartner. It specializes in developing and manufacturing computing, data storage, and networking hardware, designing software and delivering services. Major product lines include personal computing devices, enterprise and industry standard servers, related storage devices, networking products, software and a diverse range of printers and other imaging products. HP markets its products to households, small- to medium-sized businesses and enterprises directly as well as via online distribution, consumer-electronics and office-supply retailers, software partners and major technology vendors. HP also has strong services and consulting business around its products and partner products. In 2012 it was the world's largest PC vendor by unit sales.
/m/0h08p	A big band is a type of musical ensemble that originated in the United States and is associated with jazz and the Swing Era typically consisting of rhythm, brass, and woodwind instruments totaling approximately 12 to 25 musicians. The terms jazz band, jazz ensemble, jazz orchestra, stage band, society band, and dance band may describe this type of ensemble in particular contexts.
/m/01yg9y	Kathie Lee Gifford is an American television host, singer, songwriter, comedian, and actress, best known for her 15-year run on the talk show Live! with Regis and Kathie Lee, which she co-hosted with Regis Philbin. She has received 11 Daytime Emmy nominations and won her first Daytime Emmy in 2010 as part of the Today team.\nBefore her long stint in talk shows, Gifford's first television exposure was that of Tom Kennedy's singer/sidekick on Name That Tune, from 1974 to 1978.\nShe also appeared in television advertisements for Carnival Cruise Lines beginning in 1984.\nOn April 7, 2008, Gifford began co-hosting the fourth hour of NBC's Today, alongside Hoda Kotb.
/m/0r6ff	Sunnyvale, officially the City of Sunnyvale, is a city located in Santa Clara County, California. As of the 2010 United States Census, the population was 140,095.\nThe city is one of the major cities that make up the Silicon Valley located in the San Francisco Bay Area. It is the seventh most populous city in the San Francisco Bay Area. Sunnyvale is bordered by portions of San Jose to the north, Moffett Federal Airfield to the northwest, Mountain View to the west, Los Altos to the southwest, Cupertino to the south, and Santa Clara to the east. It lies along the historic El Camino Real and Highway 101.\nAs part of the Silicon Valley, high-tech companies such as Juniper Networks, Fortinet, AMD, NetApp, Spansion, Yahoo!, AppliedMicro and Ariba are headquartered there. Sunnyvale is also home to several aerospace/defense companies; Lockheed Martin has a major facility in Sunnyvale, and Honeywell, Northrop Grumman Electronic Systems - Marine Systems, Finisar, and Spirent also have offices in Sunnyvale. Sunnyvale is also the home to Onizuka Air Force Station, where its main building, locally known as the Blue Cube, is its most prominent feature. The base, named for the deceased Space Shuttle Challenger astronaut Ellison Onizuka, was an artificial satellite control facility of the United States armed forces until August 2010.
/m/01vs73g	Rodney \"Darkchild\" Jerkins is an American songwriter, record producer and musician. Mostly known for his work with Brandy, he has collaborated with a range of popular artists, including Mariah Carey, Jennifer Lopez, Michael Jackson, Janet Jackson, Justin Bieber, Whitney Houston, Toni Braxton and Britney Spears. He has won four Grammy Awards, and received numerous nominations.
/m/0266bd5	Sportverein Werder Bremen von 1899 e. V., commonly known as Werder Bremen, is a German sports club located in Bremen in the northwest German federal state Free Hanseatic City of Bremen. The club was founded in 1899 and has grown to 40,400 members. It is best known for its association football team.\nBremen's football club has been a mainstay in the Bundesliga, the top league of the German football league system. Bremen have won the Bundesliga championship four times and the German Cup six times. Their latest championship in each came in 2004, when they won a double. Bremen have also had European success, winning the 1992 European Cup Winners' Cup. Bremen also reached the final match of the last edition of the UEFA Cup in 2009, During the early 2000s, Bremen was one of the most successful teams in the Bundesliga, but the club has not played in a European competition since the 2010–2011 campaign.\nSince 1924, Werder Bremen's stadium is the Weserstadion. Werder Bremen's manager is Robin Dutt. Werder Bremen has a rivalry with Hamburger SV, another Bundesliga club in northern Germany, known as the Nordderby.
/m/01rk30	Doctor Ivo \"Eggman\" Robotnik, is a video game character and the main antagonist of the Sonic the Hedgehog series created by Sega. He is a rotund mad scientist with an IQ of 300, who plans to conquer the world in order to build his Eggman Empire, and is the archenemy of Sonic the Hedgehog. His original character designer was Naoto Ōshima, and while he has gone through several major and minor appearance changes throughout the series, his in-game designs retain several basic characteristics, such as his egg-shaped body, red-black-yellow clothing, pince-nez sunglasses, and large mustache.\nEggman has appeared in almost every Sonic the Hedgehog video game since his first appearance in the 1991 title Sonic the Hedgehog, and is also a prominent character in other Sonic media, including comics, novels, animated TV series, and an original video animation.
/m/022qw7	Patrick Joseph McGoohan was an American-born actor who was brought up in Ireland and Britain, where he established an extensive stage and film career. His most notable roles were in the 1960s television series Danger Man, and The Prisoner, which he co-created. McGoohan wrote and directed several episodes of The Prisoner himself, occasionally using the pseudonyms Joseph Serf and Paddy Fitz. Later in his career, he moved back to the United States and subsequently appeared as the killer in four Columbo episodes, twice winning an Emmy. He was featured in David Cronenberg's Scanners, and played King Edward I in Mel Gibson's Braveheart.
/m/047dpm0	The following are the first round picks in the 1995 Major League Baseball draft.\n\n* Did not sign
/m/02gs6r	Kiki's Delivery Service is a 1989 Japanese animated fantasy film written, produced and directed by Hayao Miyazaki. It is based on the 1985 novel of the same name by Eiko Kadono, an author of children's literature. The film features the voices of Minami Takayama, Rei Sakuma and Kappei Yamaguchi, and tells the story of a young witch, Kiki, as she spends a year in a town on her own while using her magical abilities to earn her living.\nAccording to Miyazaki, the movie touches on the gulf that exists between independence and reliance in Japanese teenage girls.\nThe film was released on July 22, 1989, and won the Animage Anime Grand Prix prize. It was the first Studio Ghibli film released under the distribution partnership between The Walt Disney Company and Studio Ghibli; Walt Disney Pictures recorded an English dub in 1997, which premiered theatrically in the United States at the Seattle International Film Festival on May 23, 1998. It was released on home video in the U.S. and Canada on November 10, 1998.
/m/04j4tx	The Killing Fields is a 1984 British drama film about the Khmer Rouge regime in Cambodia, which is based on the experiences of two journalists: Cambodian Dith Pran and American Sydney Schanberg. The film, which won eight BAFTA Awards and three Academy Awards, was directed by Roland Joffé and stars Sam Waterston as Schanberg, Haing S. Ngor as Pran, Julian Sands as Jon Swain, and John Malkovich as Al Rockoff. The adaptation for the screen was written by Bruce Robinson and the soundtrack by Mike Oldfield, orchestrated by David Bedford.
/m/058w5	Michelangelo di Lodovico Buonarroti Simoni, commonly known as Michelangelo, was an Italian sculptor, painter, architect, poet, and engineer of the High Renaissance who exerted an unparalleled influence on the development of Western art. Despite making few forays beyond the arts, his versatility in the disciplines he took up was of such a high order that he is often considered a contender for the title of the archetypal Renaissance man, along with his fellow Italian Leonardo da Vinci.\nMichelangelo was considered the greatest living artist in his lifetime, and ever since then he has been held to be one of the greatest artists of all time. A number of his works in painting, sculpture, and architecture rank among the most famous in existence. His output in every field during his long life was prodigious; when the sheer volume of correspondence, sketches, and reminiscences that survive is also taken into account, he is the best-documented artist of the 16th century.\nTwo of his best-known works, the Pietà and David, were sculpted before he turned thirty. Despite his low opinion of painting, Michelangelo also created two of the most influential works in fresco in the history of Western art: the scenes from Genesis on the ceiling and The Last Judgment on the altar wall of the Sistine Chapel in Rome. As an architect, Michelangelo pioneered the Mannerist style at the Laurentian Library. At the age of 74 he succeeded Antonio da Sangallo the Younger as the architect of St. Peter's Basilica. Michelangelo transformed the plan, the western end being finished to Michelangelo's design, the dome being completed after his death with some modification.
/m/04zqmj	Joel David Moore is an American actor. He is best known for portraying Owen Dittman in Dodgeball: A True Underdog Story, Dr. Norm Spellman in Avatar, Colin Fisher in Bones, JP in Grandma's Boy, and Ben in Hatchet.
/m/04bdxl	Catherine Ann Keener is an American actress. She has been nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her roles as Maxine in Being John Malkovich and Harper Lee in Capote. Keener also appeared in the critically acclaimed films Into the Wild and Synecdoche, New York.
/m/03dpl4	Over-the-air programming refers to various methods of distributing new software updates, configuration settings, and even updating encryption keys to devices like cellphones, set-top boxes or secure voice communication equipment. One important feature of OTA is that one central location can send an Update to all the Users; who are unable to refuse, defeat, or alter that Update, and it applies immediately to everyone on the Channel. A User could \"refuse\" OTA but the \"Channel Manager\" could also kick them off the Channel.\nIn the context of the mobile content world these include over-the-air service provisioning, over-the-air provisioning or over-the-air parameter administration, or provisioning handsets with the necessary settings with which to access services such as WAP or MMS. On modern mobile devices such as smartphones, an over-the-air update may refer simply to a software update that is distributed over Wi-Fi or mobile broadband using a function built into the operating system, with the \"over-the-air\" aspect referring to its use of wireless internet instead of requiring the user to connect the device to a computer via USB to perform the update.
/m/0lfyd	The Republic and Canton of Ticino or Ticino is the southernmost canton of Switzerland. Ticino borders the Canton of Uri to the north, Valais to the west, Graubünden to the northeast, Italy's regions of Piedmont and Lombardy to the south and it surrounds the small Italian exclave of Campione d'Italia.\nNamed after the Ticino river, it is the only canton where Italian is the sole official language and represents the bulk of the Italian-speaking area of Switzerland along with the southern sections of Graubünden.\nThe land now occupied by the canton was annexed from Italian cities in the 15th century by various Swiss forces in the last Transalpine campaigns of the Old Swiss Confederacy. In the Helvetic Republic, established 1798, it was divided between the cantons of Bellinzona and Lugano, which since the formation of the Swiss Confederation five years later have been the canton's districts.
/m/09ggk	Purple is a range of hues of color occurring between red and blue. The Oxford English Dictionary describes it as a deep, rich shade between crimson and violet.\nPurple was the color worn by Roman Emperors and magistrates, and later by Roman Catholic bishops. Since that time, purple has been commonly associated with royalty and piety.
/m/0c422z4	This is a following list of the MTV Movie Award winners and nominees for Best WTF Moment. It was first awarded in 2009. In 2011, it was renamed Best Jaw Dropping Moment. It was later renamed again in 2012, this time as Best Gut-Wrenching Performance.
/m/04nz3	Systemic lupus erythematosus, often abbreviated as SLE or lupus, is a systemic autoimmune disease that can affect any part of the body. As occurs in other autoimmune diseases, the immune system attacks the body's cells and tissue, resulting in inflammation and tissue damage. It is both a type II and a type III hypersensitivity reaction in which bound antibody-antigen pairs precipitate and cause a further immune response.\nSLE most often harms the heart, joints, skin, lungs, blood vessels, liver, kidneys, and nervous system. The course of the disease is unpredictable, with periods of illness alternating with remissions. The disease occurs nine times more often in women than in men, especially in women in child-bearing years ages 15 to 35, and is also more common in those of non-European descent.\nThere is no cure for SLE. It is treated with immunosuppression, mainly with cyclophosphamide, corticosteroids and other immunosuppressants. SLE can be fatal. The leading cause of death is from cardiovascular disease due to accelerated atherosclerosis. Survival for people with SLE in the United States, Canada, and Europe has risen to approximately 95% at five years, 90% at 10 years, and 78% at 20 years, and now approaches that of matched controls without lupus.
/m/020ddc	The University of Maine is a public research university located in Orono, Maine, United States. The university was established in 1865 as a land grant college and is referred to as the flagship university of the University of Maine System. Having an enrollment of approximately 11,000 students, UMaine is the largest university in the state and is the only institution in Maine classified as a research university by the Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education. The University of Maine's athletic teams are nicknamed the Black Bears, and sport blue and white uniforms.
/m/0prh7	Hamlet is a 1996 film version of William Shakespeare's play Hamlet, adapted for the screen and directed by Kenneth Branagh, who also stars in the titular role as Prince Hamlet. The film also features Derek Jacobi as King Claudius, Julie Christie as Queen Gertrude, Kate Winslet as Ophelia, Michael Maloney as Laertes, Richard Briers as Polonius, and Nicholas Farrell as Horatio. Other notable appearances include Robin Williams, Gérard Depardieu, Jack Lemmon, Billy Crystal, Rufus Sewell, Charlton Heston, Richard Attenborough, Judi Dench, John Gielgud and Ken Dodd.\nThe film is notable as the first unabridged theatrical film version of the play, running just over four hours. The longest screen version of the play prior to the 1996 film was the 1980 BBC made-for-television version starring Derek Jacobi, which runs three-and-a-half hours.\nThe play's setting is updated to the 19th century, but its Elizabethan English remains the same. Blenheim Palace is the setting used for the exterior grounds of Elsinore Castle and interiors were all photographed at Shepperton Studios, blended with the footage shot at Blenheim. Hamlet was also the last major dramatic motion picture to be filmed entirely on 70 mm film until 2012, with the release of Paul Thomas Anderson's The Master.
/m/0ddfwj1	Submarine is a 2010 British coming-of-age comedy-drama film adapted from the 2008 novel of the same name by Joe Dunthorne. The film was written and directed by Richard Ayoade, and starred Craig Roberts, Yasmin Paige, Sally Hawkins, Noah Taylor and Paddy Considine. Submarine is Ayoade's directorial debut.
/m/05p1dby	The Razzie Award for Worst Prequel, Remake, Rip-off or Sequel is an award presented at the annual Golden Raspberry Awards for the worst prequel, remake, rip-off, or sequel of the previous year. The following is a list of nominees and recipients of that award, including each film's distribution company. From 1994 to 2005, the category was originally titled Worst Remake or Sequel. The category was later divided to both Worst Prequel or Sequel and Worst Remake or Rip-off from 2006 to 2007. Since 2008, the two categories have been put together. There was no award in 1996 and 1999.
/m/0cjcbg	The Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Animated Program (for Programming Less Than One Hour) is a Creative Arts Emmy Award which is given annually to an animated series which is judged to have been the best. Each series is allowed to submit one episode, and a special.\nThe Simpsons has won the most Emmys for Animated TV Series with 10, followed by the various Garfield specials which have won a combined four and South Park with four. Though Fox could also submit episodes from The Simpsons or other series for consideration in the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Comedy Series category, rules stipulate that a single program cannot be submitted in more than one category. The Simpsons was submitted to the Comedy Series category in 1993 and 1994 which happen to be the only years the series has not been nominated in the Animation category.
/m/047m_w	Hollyoaks is a long-running British soap opera, first broadcast on Channel 4 on 23 October 1995. It was originally devised by Phil Redmond, who had also devised the Channel 4 soap Brookside. The programme is set in a fictional suburb of Chester called Hollyoaks, and features a large cast of characters primarily aged between 16 and 35. Beginning with a cast of just seven major characters in 1995, the serial now has approximately 50 main cast members. Hollyoaks has a high cast turnover in comparison with other British soaps; as of December 2012, just thirteen characters have spent 5 years or longer on the show.\nSince Bryan Kirkwood left his role in 2009, a number of producers have worked on the show, resulting in a number of creative reinventions and changes in direction during this time. Kirkwood's successor Lucy Allan stepped down from her position in 2010 after twelve months; her replacement, Paul Marquess, introduced a wide variety of new characters before leaving one year later, to be replaced by Gareth Philips. Emma Smithwick later replaced Philips in Autumn 2011. In late September 2012, it was announced that Emma Smithwick would be replaced by Bryan Kirkwood. The programme celebrated 18 years on Channel 4 in October 2013.
/m/01xlqd	Grease is a 1978 American musical film directed by Randal Kleiser and produced by Paramount Pictures. It is based on Warren Casey's and Jim Jacobs's 1971 musical of the same name about two lovers in a 1950s high school. The film stars John Travolta, Olivia Newton-John, Stockard Channing, and Jeff Conaway. It was successful both critically and at the box office; its soundtrack album ended 1978 as the second-best selling album of the year in the United States, behind the soundtrack of Saturday Night Fever, another film starring Travolta.\nA sequel, Grease 2, was released in 1982, starring Maxwell Caulfield and Michelle Pfeiffer. Only a few of the original cast members reprised their roles.
/m/0m5s5	Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home is a 1986 American science fiction film released by Paramount Pictures. It is the fourth feature film in the film series series and completes the story arc begun in The Wrath of Khan and continued in The Search for Spock. Intent on returning home to Earth to face trial for their crimes, the former crew of the USS Enterprise finds the planet in grave danger from an alien probe attempting to contact now-extinct humpback whales. The crew travel to Earth's past to find whales who can answer the probe's call.\nAfter directing The Search for Spock, cast member Leonard Nimoy was asked to direct the next feature, and given greater freedom regarding the film's content. Nimoy and producer Harve Bennett conceived a story with an environmental message and no clear-cut villain. Dissatisfied with the first screenplay produced by Steve Meerson and Peter Krikes, Paramount hired The Wrath of Khan writer and director Nicholas Meyer. Meyer and Bennett divided the story between them and wrote different parts of the script, requiring approval from Nimoy, lead actor William Shatner and Paramount.\nPrincipal photography commenced on February 24, 1986. Unlike previous Star Trek films, The Voyage Home was shot extensively on location; many real settings and buildings were used as stand-ins for scenes set around and in the city of San Francisco. Special effects firm Industrial Light & Magic assisted in postproduction and the film's special effects. Few of the humpback whales in the film were real: ILM devised full-size animatronics and small motorized models to stand in for the real creatures.
/m/07p7g	Tripoli is the capital city and the largest city of Libya. As of 2011, the Tripoli metropolitan area had a population of 2.2 million people. The city is located in the northwestern part of Libya on the edge of the desert, on a point of rocky land projecting into the Mediterranean and forming a bay.\nTripoli includes the Port of Tripoli and the country's largest commercial and manufacturing centre. It is also the site of the University of Tripoli. The vast Bab al-Azizia barracks, which includes the former family estate of Muammar Gaddafi, is also located in the city. Colonel Gaddafi largely ruled the country from his residence in this barracks.\nTripoli was founded in the 7th century BC by the Phoenicians, who named it Oea. Due to the city's long history, there are many sites of archaeological significance in Tripoli. \"Tripoli\" may also refer to the shabiyah, the Tripoli District.
/m/01vskn	Daegu, formerly spelled Taegu, and officially known as the Daegu Metropolitan City, is a city in South Korea, the fourth largest after Seoul, Busan, and Incheon, and the third largest metropolitan area in the nation with over 2.5 million residents. The city is the capital and principal city of the surrounding Gyeongsangbuk-do province, although it is not legally part of the province. The two areas combined are often referred to as Daegu-Gyeongbuk, with a total population of over 5 million.\nDaegu is located in south-eastern Korea about 80 kilometres from the seacoast, near the Geumho River and its mainstream, Nakdong River in Gyeongsang-do. The Daegu basin, where the city lies, is the central plain of the Yeongnam region.\nIn ancient times, there was a proto-country named Jinhan, to which the current Daegu area belonged. Later Daegu was part of the Silla Kingdom which unified the Korean Peninsula. During the Joseon Dynasty period, the city was the capital of Gyeongsang-do which was one of traditional eight provinces of the country. Daegu was an economic motor of Korea during the 1960s–1980s period. The humid subtropical climate of Daegu is ideal for producing high quality apples, thus the nickname, \"Apple City\". Daegu is also known as \"Textile City\". Textile used to be the pillar industry of the city. With the establishment of the Daegu-Gyeongbuk Free Economic Zone, Daegu is currently focusing on fostering fashion and high-tech industries.
/m/0n90z	Brixton is a district of South West London within the London Borough of Lambeth. It is 3.8 miles south south-east of Charing Cross. The area is identified in the London Plan as one of 35 major centres in Greater London.\nBrixton is mainly residential with a prominent street market and substantial retail sector. It is a multiethnic community, with a large percentage of its population being of African and Caribbean descent. It lies within Inner South London and is bordered by Stockwell, Clapham, Streatham, Camberwell, Tulse Hill and Herne Hill. The district houses the main offices of the London Borough of Lambeth.
/m/01qn7n	The O.C. is an American teen drama television series that originally aired on the Fox network in the United States from August 5, 2003, to February 22, 2007, running a total of four seasons. The series, created by Josh Schwartz, portrays the fictional lives of a group of teenagers and their families residing in the affluent seaside community of Newport Beach, in Orange County, California.\nThe series centers on Ryan Atwood, a troubled youth from a broken home who is adopted by the wealthy and philanthropic Sandy and Kirsten Cohen. Ryan and his surrogate brother Seth, a socially awkward yet quick-witted teenager, deal with life as outsiders in the high-class world of Newport Beach. Ryan and Seth spend much time navigating their relationships with girl-next-door Marissa Cooper, Seth's childhood crush Summer Roberts, and the fast-talking loner Taylor Townsend. Storylines deal with the culture clash between the idealistic Cohen family and the shallow, materialistic, and closed-minded community in which they reside. The series includes elements of postmodernism, and functions as a mixture of melodrama and comedy.\nThe series premiered to high ratings and was one of the most popular new dramas of the 2003–2004 television season. It was widely referred to as a pop cultural phenomenon and received mostly positive reception from critics. However, ratings declined as the show went on. The low ratings led to its cancellation in early 2007, even after an online petition that gained over 700,000 signatures. The O.C. has been broadcast in more than fifty countries worldwide, and re-runs are now shown on SOAPnet, Really, Channel 4 and MTV. The entire series has been released on DVD, as well as on iTunes.
/m/0bfvw2	This is a list of the winners of the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress – a Miniseries or Movie.
/m/0b_6jz	The 1983 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament involved 52 schools playing in single-elimination play to determine the national champion of men's NCAA Division I college basketball. It began on March 2, 1983, and ended with the championship game on April 4 at The Pit, then officially known as University Arena, on the campus of the University of New Mexico in Albuquerque. A total of 51 games were played.\nNorth Carolina State, coached by Jim Valvano, won the national title with a 54-52 victory in the final game over Houston, coached by Guy Lewis. The ending of the final is one of the most famous in college basketball history, with Lorenzo Charles' dunk at the buzzer off a high, arching air ball from 30 feet out by Dereck Whittenburg providing the final margin. This contributed to the nickname given to North Carolina State, the \"Cardiac Pack\", a reference to their often close games that came down to the wire — in fact, the team won 7 of its last 9 games after trailing with a minute left in the game. Both Charles' dunk and Valvano's running around the court in celebration immediately after the game have been staples of NCAA tournament coverage ever since. North Carolina State's victory has often been considered one of the greatest upsets in college basketball history.
/m/0356gk	The Croatia men's national football team represents Croatia in international football. The team is controlled by the Croatian Football Federation, the governing body for football in the country. A FIFA-recognised national side had previously represented the short-lived Banovina of Croatia and Independent State of Croatia in nineteen friendly matches between 1940 and 1944. This team was dissolved in 1945 as Croatia became a constituent federal republic of SFR Yugoslavia. In the period between 1945 and 1990, Croatia did not field a separate team for competitive matches and Croatian players played for the Yugoslavia national football team.\nThe modern Croatian team was formed in 1991, shortly before Croatia's independence from Yugoslavia, and by 1993 had gained membership in FIFA and UEFA. The team played their first competitive matches in the successful qualifying campaign for UEFA Euro 1996, leading to their first appearance at a major tournament. In Croatia's FIFA World Cup debut in 1998 the team finished third and provided the tournament's top scorer, Davor Šuker. Since becoming eligible to compete in international tournaments, Croatia have missed only one World Cup and one European Championship.
/m/018qb4	The 1908 Summer Olympics, officially the Games of the IV Olympiad, were an international multi-sport event which was held in 1908 in London, England, United Kingdom. These games were originally scheduled to be held in Rome, but were re-located on financial grounds following a disastrous eruption of Mt Vesuvius in 1906. They were the fourth chronological modern Olympic Games in keeping with the now-accepted four-year cycle as opposed to the proposed Intercalated Games alternate four-year cycle. The IOC president for these Games was Baron Pierre de Coubertin. Lasting a total of 187 days, or 6 months and 4 days, these games were the longest in modern Olympics history.
/m/06nbt	Satire is a genre of literature, and sometimes graphic and performing arts, in which vices, follies, abuses, and shortcomings are held up to ridicule, ideally with the intent of shaming individuals, corporations, government or society itself, into improvement. Although satire is usually meant to be humorous, its greater purpose is often constructive social criticism, using wit as a weapon and as a tool to draw attention to both particular and wider issues in society.\nA feature of satire is strong irony or sarcasm—\"in satire, irony is militant\"—but parody, burlesque, exaggeration, juxtaposition, comparison, analogy, and double entendre are all frequently used in satirical speech and writing. This \"militant\" irony or sarcasm often professes to approve of the very things the satirist wishes to attack.\nSatire is nowadays found in many artistic forms of expression, including literature, plays, commentary, television shows, and media such as lyrics.
/m/015nvj	Sir Carol Reed was an English film director best known for Odd Man Out, The Fallen Idol and The Third Man. For Oliver!, he received the Academy Award for Best Director.
/m/0cy8v	Columbia is a planned community comprising 10 self-contained villages, located in Howard County, Maryland, United States. It began with the idea that a city could enhance its residents' quality of life. Creator and developer James W. Rouse saw the new community in terms of human values, rather than merely economics and engineering. Opened in 1967, Columbia was intended to not only eliminate the inconveniences of then-current subdivision design, but also eliminate racial, religious, and class segregation.\nColumbia proper consists only of that territory governed by the Columbia Association, but larger areas are included under its name by the U.S. Postal Service and the census. These include several other communities which predate Columbia, including Simpsonville, Atholton, and in the case of the census, Clarksville. The census-designated place had a population of 99,615 in 2010, making it the most populous community in Maryland after Baltimore.
/m/0146mv	Nickelodeon is an American basic cable and satellite television network that is owned by the MTV Networks Kids & Family Group, a unit of the Viacom Media Networks division of Viacom. Aimed mainly at pre-schoolers, children, pre-teens, and teenagers 2–16 years of age. It broadcasts Sundays through Wednesdays from 7 a.m. to 8 p.m., on Thursdays and Fridays from 7 a.m. to 9 p.m., and on Saturdays from 7 a.m. to 10 p.m..\nSince 1985, it has shared its channel space with Nick at Nite, a nighttime service that broadcasts during the interim hours and features reruns of older primetime sitcoms, along with some original series and feature films, and is treated as a separate channel from Nickelodeon by A.C. Nielsen Co. for ratings purposes. Both services are sometimes collectively referred to as \"Nickelodeon/Nick at Nite\", due to their common association as two individual channels sharing a single channel space. Since 2006, Nickelodeon has been run by president and chief executive officer Cyma Zarghami.\nAs of August 2013, Nickelodeon is available to approximately 98,799,000 pay television households in the United States.
/m/04fcjt	Universal Records was a record label owned by Universal Music Group and operated as part of the Universal Motown Republic Group.
/m/01jygk	Telemundo is an American Spanish-language broadcast television network that is owned by the NBCUniversal Television Group division of NBCUniversal. The network broadcasts programs, much of them produced by Telemundo, aimed at Hispanic and Latino Americans in the U.S., and audiences around the world; its programming features a mix of telenovelas, sports, reality television series, news programming, and feature films.\nIn addition to the broadcast network, Telemundo's other platforms include mun2, a cable and satellite channel specializing in programming geared towards a young Hispanic audience; Telemundo Digital Media, which distributes original programming content across digital and mobile networks, and the telemundo.com and mun2.tv websites; Puerto Rico television station WKAQ-TV, whose signal reaches 99% of all television households in the U.S. territory; and Telemundo Internacional, the international distribution arm. Telemundo is the second-largest provider of Spanish-language content worldwide, with its content syndicated to more than 100 countries in over 35 languages.
/m/058wp	Mecca, also transliterated as Makkah, is a city in the Hejaz and the capital of Makkah Province in Saudi Arabia. The city is located 70 km inland from Jeddah in a narrow valley at a height of 277 m above sea level. Its resident population in 2012 was roughly 2 million, although visitors more than triple this number every year during Hajj period held in the twelfth Muslim lunar month of Dhu al-Hijjah.\nAs the birthplace of Muhammad and a site of Muhammad's first revelation of the Quran, Mecca is regarded as the holiest city in the religion of Islam and a pilgrimage to it known as the Hajj is obligatory for all able Muslims. Mecca is home to the Kaaba, by majority description Islam's holiest site, as well as being the direction of Muslim prayer. Mecca was long ruled by Muhammad's descendants, the sharifs, acting either as independent rulers or as vassals to larger polities. It was absorbed into Saudi Arabia in 1925. In its modern period, Mecca has seen tremendous expansion in size and infrastructure, home to structures such as the Abraj Al Bait, also known as the Makkah Royal Clock Tower Hotel, the world's third tallest building and the building with the largest amount of floor area. Due to this expansion, Mecca has lost some historical structures and archaeological sites, such as the Ajyad Fortress. Today, more than 15 million Muslims visit Mecca annually, including several million during the few days of the Hajj. As a result, Mecca has become one of the most cosmopolitan and diverse cities in the Muslim world, despite the fact that non-Muslims are prohibited from entering the city.
/m/0fy_j	A duke or duchess can either be a monarch ruling over a duchy or a member of the nobility, historically of highest rank below the monarch. The title comes from French duc, itself from the Latin dux, 'leader', a term used in republican Rome to refer to a military commander without an official rank, and later coming to mean the leading military commander of a province.\nDuring the Middle Ages the title signified first among the Germanic monarchies. Dukes were the rulers of the provinces and the superiors of the counts in the cities and later, in the feudal monarchies, the highest-ranking peers of the king. A duke may or may not be, ipso facto, a member of the nation's peerage: in the United Kingdom and Spain all dukes are/were also peers of the realm, in France some were and some were not, while the term is not applicable to dukedoms of other nations, even where an institution similar to the peerage existed.\nDuring the 19th century many of the smaller German and Italian states were ruled by Dukes or Grand Dukes. But presently, with the exception of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, there are no ruling dukes. Duke remains the highest hereditary title in Portugal, Scandinavia, Spain and the United Kingdom. The Pope, as a temporal sovereign, has also, though rarely, granted the title of Duke or Duchess to persons for services to the Holy See. In some realms the relative status of \"duke\" and \"prince\", as titles borne by the nobility rather than by members of reigning dynasties, varied, e.g. in Italy and the Netherlands.
/m/08hp53	Dean Devlin is an American screenwriter, producer, television director and former actor. He is the founder of the production company, Electric Entertainment.
/m/032xhg	Jason Kent Bateman is an American actor who rose to prominence as a high-profile teen actor in the 1980s, in sitcoms such as Silver Spoons and The Hogan Family, before returning in the early 2000s in the role of Michael Bluth on Arrested Development, for which he won a TV Land Award, a Golden Globe, and two Satellite Awards. He has since established himself in Hollywood by appearing in several films, including The Kingdom, Juno, Hancock, Up in the Air, Paul, Horrible Bosses, and Identity Thief. He is the younger brother of actress Justine Bateman.
/m/04twmk	John Bernard Larroquette III is an American film, television and stage actor. His roles include Dan Fielding on the 1984–1992 sitcom Night Court, Mike McBride in the Hallmark Channel series McBride, John Hemingway on The John Larroquette Show, Lionel Tribbey on The West Wing and Carl Sack in Boston Legal.
/m/03v0t	Illinois is a state in the Midwestern United States. It is the 5th most populous and 25th most extensive state, and is often noted as a microcosm of the entire country. With Chicago in the northeast, small industrial cities and great agricultural productivity in central and northern Illinois, and natural resources like coal, timber, and petroleum in the south, Illinois has a diverse economic base and is a major transportation hub. The Port of Chicago connects the state to other global ports from the Great Lakes, via the Saint Lawrence Seaway, to the Atlantic Ocean; as well as the Great Lakes to the Mississippi River, via the Illinois River. For decades, O'Hare International Airport has been ranked as one of the world's busiest airports. Illinois has long had a reputation as a bellwether both in social and cultural terms and politics.\nAlthough today the state's largest population center is around Chicago in the northern part of the state, the state's European population grew first in the west, with French Canadians who settled along the Mississippi River. After the American Revolutionary War established the United States, American settlers began arriving from Kentucky in the 1810s via the Ohio River, and the population grew from south to north. In 1818, Illinois achieved statehood. After construction of the Erie Canal increased traffic and trade through the Great Lakes, Chicago was founded in the 1830s on the banks of the Chicago River, at one of the few natural harbors on southern Lake Michigan. John Deere's invention of the self-scouring steel plow turned Illinois' rich prairie into some of the world's most productive and valuable farmlands, attracting immigrant farmers from Germany and Sweden. Railroads carried immigrants to new homes, as well as being used to ship their commodity crops out to markets.
/m/02lf_x	Aichi Prefecture is a prefecture of Japan located in the Chūbu region. The region of Aichi is also known as the Tōkai region. The capital is Nagoya. It is the focus of the Chūkyō Metropolitan Area.
/m/06lht1	Richard Dale Jenkins is an American stage, film, and television actor. He began his career in the theatre and made his film debut in 1974. He has played supporting roles in films almost every year since 1985 and had lead roles in The Cabin in the Woods and The Visitor, for which he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor. He played the deceased patriarch Nathaniel Fisher on the HBO drama series Six Feet Under.
/m/033p3_	Dorothy Malone is an American actress. Her film career began in 1943, and in her early years she played small roles, mainly in B-movies. After a decade in films, she began to acquire a more glamorous image, particularly after her performance in Written on the Wind, for which she won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress. Her film career reached its peak by the beginning of the 1960s, and she achieved later success with her television role as Constance MacKenzie on Peyton Place from 1964 to 1968. Less active in her later years, Malone returned to films in 1992 as the friend of Sharon Stone's character in Basic Instinct.
/m/07mvp	The Rolling Stones are an English rock band formed in London in 1962. The first settled line-up consisted of Brian Jones, Ian Stewart, Mick Jagger, Keith Richards, Bill Wyman and Charlie Watts. Jones left the band less than a month prior to his death in 1969, having already been replaced by Mick Taylor, who left in 1975. Since then Ronnie Wood has been on guitar in tandem with Richards. Following Wyman's departure in 1993, Darryl Jones has been the main bassist. Stewart was removed from the official lineup in 1963 but continued as occasional pianist until his death in 1985. Other notable keyboardist for the band have included Nicky Hopkins, active from 1967 to 1982, and Chuck Leavell, active since 1982. The band was first led by Jones, but after teaming as the band's songwriters, Jagger and Richards assumed defacto leadership.\nThe Rolling Stones were in the vanguard of the British Invasion of bands that became popular in the US in 1964–65. At first noted for their longish hair as much as their music, the band are identified with the youthful and rebellious counterculture of the 1960s. They were instrumental in making blues a major part of rock and roll, and of changing the international focus of blues culture to the less sophisticated blues typified by Chess Records artists such as Muddy Waters, writer of \"Rollin' Stone\", the song after which the band is named. Musicologist Robert Palmer attributed the \"remarkable endurance\" of the Rolling Stones to being \"rooted in traditional verities, in rhythm-and-blues and soul music\" while \"more ephemeral pop fashions have come and gone\".
/m/0p_sc	Midnight Express is a 1978 American/British film directed by Alan Parker and produced by David Puttnam. It is based on Billy Hayes' 1977 book Midnight Express and was adapted into the screenplay by Oliver Stone. It starred Brad Davis, Irene Miracle, Bo Hopkins, Paolo Bonacelli, Paul L. Smith, Randy Quaid, Norbert Weisser, Peter Jeffrey and John Hurt. Hayes was a young American student sent to a Turkish prison for trying to smuggle hashish out of Turkey. The movie deviates from the book's accounts of the story – especially in its portrayal of Turks – and some have criticized the movie version, including Billy Hayes himself. Later, both Stone and Hayes expressed their regret on how Turkish people were portrayed in the movie. The film's title is prison slang for an inmate's escape attempt. The Motion Picture Association of America rated the film \"R\".
/m/03y2kr	Samuel Zachary Arkoff was an American producer of B movies.
/m/01wdgb	Stockton-on-Tees is a market town in North East England. It is the major settlement in the unitary authority and borough of Stockton-on-Tees. For ceremonial purposes, the borough is split between County Durham and North Yorkshire as it also incorporates a number of smaller towns and villages including Billingham, Yarm, Thornaby and Norton, though the town of Stockton itself is within County Durham. Historically part of County Durham, the wider borough has a population of 191,000 in 2011 estimates.
/m/07l75	Transylvania is a historical region in the central part of Romania. Bounded on the east and south by the Carpathian mountain range, historical Transylvania extended in the west to the Apuseni Mountains; however, the term sometimes encompasses not only Transylvania proper, but also the historical regions of Crișana, Maramureș, and Romanian part of Banat. The region of Transylvania is known for the scenic beauty of its Carpathian landscape and its rich history. In the English-speaking world it has been strongly associated with vampires, chiefly due to the influence of Bram Stoker's novel Dracula as well as its later film adaptations and extensions.
/m/0g5ptf	The Spy Who Loved Me is the tenth spy film in the James Bond series, and the third to star Roger Moore as the fictional secret agent James Bond. It was directed by Lewis Gilbert and the screenplay was written by Christopher Wood and Richard Maibaum.\nThe film takes its title from Ian Fleming's novel The Spy Who Loved Me, the tenth book in the James Bond series, though it does not contain any elements of the novel's plot. The storyline involves a reclusive megalomaniac named Karl Stromberg, who plans to destroy the world and create a new civilisation under the sea. Bond teams up with a Russian agent Anya Amasova to stop Stromberg. Curd Jürgens and Barbara Bach co-star.\nIt was shot on location in Egypt and Italy, with underwater scenes filmed at the Bahamas, and a new soundstage being built at Pinewood Studios for a massive set which depicted the interior of a supertanker. The Spy Who Loved Me was well received by critics. The soundtrack, composed by Marvin Hamlisch, also met with success. The film was nominated for three Academy Awards amidst many other nominations and novelized in 1977 by Christopher Wood as James Bond, The Spy Who Loved Me.
/m/02bxjp	Shohei Imamura was a Japanese film director. Imamura was the first Japanese director to win two Palme d'Or awards.
/m/0202p_	Peter Sydney Ernest Lawford was an English-born American actor.\nHe was a member of the \"Rat Pack\" and brother-in-law to President John F. Kennedy, and more noted in later years for his off-screen activities as a celebrity than for his acting. In the 1940s to the 1960s he had a strong presence in popular culture and starred in a number of highly acclaimed films.
/m/0sxfd	Terms of Endearment is a 1983 comedy-drama film adapted from the novel of the same name by Larry McMurtry directed, written, and produced by James L. Brooks and starring Shirley MacLaine, Debra Winger, Jack Nicholson, Danny DeVito, Jeff Daniels, and John Lithgow. The film covers 30 years of the relationship between Aurora Greenway and her daughter Emma.\nThe film received 11 Academy Award nominations and won five. Brooks won the Academy Awards for Best Picture, Best Director, and Best Writing while MacLaine won the Academy Award for Best Actress and Nicholson won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor. In addition, it won four Golden Globes: Best Motion Picture – Drama, Best Actress in a Drama, Best Supporting Actor, and Best Screenplay.
/m/07k2p6	Holland Virginia Taylor is an American actress of film, stage, and television, and playwright. Her notable television roles include Ruth Dunbar in Bosom Buddies, senator's wife Margaret Powers on Norman Lear's The Powers That Be, Judge Roberta Kittleson on The Practice and Evelyn Harper in Two and a Half Men. She is also the author of the solo play Ann, based on the life and work of Ann Richards.
/m/0jt3qpk	The 39th Annual Daytime Emmy Awards presented by the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences and Academy of Television Arts & Sciences, ″recognizes outstanding achievement in all fields of daytime television production and are presented to individuals and programs broadcast from 2:00 a.m.—6:00 p.m. during the 2011 calendar year″. The ceremony took place on June 23, 2012 at the Beverly Hilton Hotel, in Beverly Hills, California beginning at 5:00 p.m. PST / 8:00 p.m. EST. The ceremony was televised in the United States by HLN and produced by Gabriel Cornell and Colleen Seldin. The evening was not hosted however the pre-show ceremony was hosted by A.J. Hammer and Nischelle Turner. The drama pre-nominees were announced on March 2, 2012, and the nominations were announced during an episode of The Today Show on May 9, 2012. In related events, the 39th Annual Creative Arts Emmy Awards ceremony was held at the Westin Bonaventure in Los Angeles on June 17, 2012.\nGeneral Hospital won the most awards, with a total of five wins including Outstanding Drama Series and Outstanding Drama Series Directing Team and other Creative Arts Emmy Awards. The soap opera also had the most awards with a total of 23. Anthony Geary won its seventh win in the Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series category. Live! with Regis and Kelly won in the Outstanding Talk Show Entertainment category for its last season. The Lifetime Achievement Award was presented to television producer Bill Geddie. The ceremony attracted 912,000 viewers, the broadcast was \"the most watched regularly scheduled, non-news telecast\" ever on HLN, but by far the least-watched Daytime Emmy ceremony ever.
/m/01r3hr	A running back is an American and Canadian football position, a member of the offensive backfield. The primary roles of a running back are to receive handoffs from the quarterback for a rushing play, to catch passes from out of the backfield, and to block. There are usually one or two running backs on the field for a given play, depending on the offensive formation. A running back may be a halfback or a fullback.
/m/05rnp1	Charles Robert Band is an American director, writer, and producer, mostly known for his work on horror films.\nHe is the son of director-producer Albert Band, and brother of the composer Richard. With his former wife Meda, he had two children, Alex, the vocalist for the band The Calling, and Taryn. He had two sons with his former wife Debra Dion: Harlan and Zalman. Band's grandfather was the artist Max Band.\nHis most famous films are those in the Puppet Master franchise and the Subspecies series, made by his company Full Moon Features. Before Full Moon Features, his earlier company Empire Pictures made films like Ghoulies and the cult classic Re-Animator.\nOne of the few non-horror films he worked on was the Prehysteria trilogy, which were made by his family oriented company Moonbeam Entertainment.
/m/01q24l	A councillor or councilor is a member of a local government council, such as a city council.\nOften in the United States, the title is councilman or councilwoman.
/m/01_mdl	Superman is a 1978 superhero film directed by Richard Donner. It is based on the DC Comics character of the same name and stars Marlon Brando, Gene Hackman, Christopher Reeve, Margot Kidder, Glenn Ford, Phyllis Thaxter, Jackie Cooper, Trevor Howard, Marc McClure, Terrence Stamp, Valerie Perrine and Ned Beatty. The film depicts Superman's origin, including his infancy as Kal-El of Krypton and his youthful years in the rural town of Smallville. Disguised as reporter Clark Kent, he adopts a mild-mannered disposition in Metropolis and develops a romance with Lois Lane, while battling the villainous Lex Luthor.\nSeveral directors, most notably Guy Hamilton, and screenwriters were associated with the project before Donner was hired to direct. Tom Mankiewicz was drafted in to rewrite the script and was given a \"creative consultant\" credit. It was decided to film both Superman and Superman II simultaneously, with principal photography beginning in March 1977 and ending in October 1978. Tensions rose between Donner and the producers, and a decision was made to stop filming the sequel—of which 75 per cent had already been completed—and finish the first film.
/m/0mwvq	Chester County is a county located in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2010 census, the population was 498,886. The county seat is West Chester. Chester County was one of the three original Pennsylvania counties created by William Penn in 1682. It was named for Chester, England.\nChester County is the highest-income county in Pennsylvania and 24th highest in the nation as measured by median household income. It is part of the Delaware Valley, the metropolitan area of Philadelphia, and is the only county on the Pennsylvania side of the area that does not border Philadelphia. Eastern Chester County is home to many communities that comprise the Main Line western suburbs of Philadelphia, while part of its southernmost portion is considered suburban Wilmington, Delaware, along with southwest Delaware County.
/m/01mwsnc	Ronald David \"Ronnie\" Wood is an English rock musician and songwriter best known as a member of the Rolling Stones since 1975, as well as a former member of the Faces and the Jeff Beck Group.\nWood began his career in 1964, when he joined the Birds on guitar. He then joined the mod group the Creation, but only remained with the group for a short time, and appeared on a small number of singles. Wood joined the Jeff Beck Group in 1967, where he played bass. They released two albums, Truth and Beck-Ola, which became moderate successes. The group split in 1969, and Wood departed along with lead vocalist Rod Stewart to join former Small Faces members Ronnie Lane, Ian McLagan, and Kenney Jones in a new group, dubbed the Faces. The group, although relegated to \"cult\" status in the US, found great success in the UK and mainland Europe. The Faces released their debut album, First Step, in 1970. The group went on to release Long Player and A Nod Is as Good as a Wink... to a Blind Horse in 1971. Their last LP, entitled Ooh La La, was released in 1973. After the group split, Wood began several solo projects, eventually recording his first solo LP, I've Got My Own Album to Do, in 1974. The album featured former bandmate McLagan as well as former Beatle George Harrison and Keith Richards of the Rolling Stones, a longtime friend of Wood's. Richards soon invited Wood to join the Rolling Stones, after the departure of Mick Taylor. Wood joined in 1975, and has remained a member ever since.
/m/0d99m	Padua is a city and comune in the Veneto, northern Italy. It is the capital of the province of Padua and the economic and communications hub of the area. Padua's population is 214,000. The city is sometimes included, with Venice and Treviso, in the Padua-Treviso-Venice Metropolitan Area, having a population of c. 1,600,000.\nPadua stands on the Bacchiglione River, 40 kilometres west of Venice and 29 km southeast of Vicenza. The Brenta River, which once ran through the city, still touches the northern districts. Its agricultural setting is the Venetian Plain. To the city's south west lies the Euganaean Hills, praised by Lucan and Martial, Petrarch, Ugo Foscolo, and Shelley.\nIt hosts the renowned University of Padua, almost 800 years old and famous, among other things, for having had Galileo Galilei among its lecturers.\nThe city is picturesque, with a dense network of arcaded streets opening into large communal piazze, and many bridges crossing the various branches of the Bacchiglione, which once surrounded the ancient walls like a moat.
/m/063zky	The Jetsons Meet the Flintstones is an animated TV movie and a crossover between the Jetsons and Flintstones franchises. It was made by Hanna-Barbera as part of the Hanna-Barbera Superstars 10 series and first aired in syndication in 1987.
/m/05qkp	Papua New Guinea, PNG, officially the Independent State of Papua New Guinea, is a country in Oceania that occupies the eastern half of the island of New Guinea, and numerous offshore islands. It is located in the southwestern Pacific Ocean, in a region described since the early 19th century as Melanesia. The capital is Port Moresby.\nPapua New Guinea is one of the most culturally diverse countries in the world. According to recent data, 848 different languages are listed for the country, of which 12 have no known living speakers. There may be at least as many traditional societies, out of a population of about 6.3 million. It is also one of the most rural, as only 18% of its people live in urban centres. The country is one of the world's least explored, culturally and geographically, and many undiscovered species of plants and animals are thought to exist in the interior of Papua New Guinea.\nStrong growth in Papua New Guinea's mining and resource sector has led to PNG becoming the sixth fastest-growing economy in the world as of 2011. Despite this, many people live in extreme poverty, with about one-third of the population living on less than US$1.25 per day. The majority of the population still live in traditional societies and practice subsistence-based agriculture. These societies and clans have some explicit acknowledgement within the nation's constitutional framework. The PNG Constitution expresses the wish for \"traditional villages and communities to remain as viable units of Papua New Guinean society\", and for active steps to be taken in their preservation.
/m/05cj_j	Family Plot is a 1976 American dark comedy/thriller film that was the final film directed by Alfred Hitchcock. The film was based on Victor Canning's novel The Rainbird Pattern, which was adapted for the screen by Ernest Lehman. The film stars Barbara Harris, Bruce Dern, William Devane, and Karen Black. The film was screened at the 1976 Cannes Film Festival, but was not entered into the main competition.\nThe story involves two couples; one couple are amateur petty criminals, the other couple are smooth professionals. Their lives come into conflict because of a search for a missing heir, and surprisingly, the more amateurish couple are victorious.\nThe title of the movie is a pun: \"family plot\" can refer to an area in a cemetery that has been bought by one family for the burial of its various relatives; in this case it also means a dramatic plot line involving various family members.
/m/031778	Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets is a 2002 fantasy film directed by Chris Columbus and distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures. It is based on the novel of the same name by J. K. Rowling. The film, which is the second instalment in the Harry Potter film series, was written by Steve Kloves and produced by David Heyman. The story follows Harry Potter's second year at Hogwarts as the Heir of Salazar Slytherin opens the Chamber of Secrets, unleashing a deadly monster that petrifies the school's pupils. The film stars Daniel Radcliffe as Harry Potter, alongside Rupert Grint and Emma Watson as Harry's best friends Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger. It is the sequel to Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone and is followed by Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.\nIt was released on 15 November 2002 in the United Kingdom and North America. The film was very well received at the box office, making US$879 million worldwide and is the 32nd highest-grossing film of all time. and the seventh highest-grossing film in the Harry Potter series. It was nominated for three BAFTA Film Awards in 2003.
/m/05rgl	The Pacific Ocean is the largest of the Earth's oceanic divisions. It extends from the Arctic in the north to the Southern Ocean in the south, bounded by Asia and Australia in the west, and the Americas in the east.\nAt 165.25 million square kilometres in area, this largest division of the World Ocean – and, in turn, the hydrosphere – covers about 46% of the Earth's water surface and about one-third of its total surface area, making it larger than all of the Earth's land area combined. The equator subdivides it into the North Pacific Ocean and South Pacific Ocean, with two exceptions: the Galápagos and Gilbert Islands, while straddling the equator, are deemed wholly within the South Pacific. The Mariana Trench in the western North Pacific is the deepest point in the world, reaching a depth of 10,911 metres.\nThe eastern Pacific Ocean was first sighted by Europeans in the early 16th century when Spanish explorer Vasco Núñez de Balboa crossed the Isthmus of Panama in 1513 and discovered the great \"southern sea\" which he named Mar del Sur. The ocean's current name was coined by Portuguese explorer Ferdinand Magellan during the Spanish expedition of the world in 1521, as he encountered favourable winds on reaching the ocean. He therefore called it Mar Pacifico in Portuguese, meaning \"peaceful sea\".
/m/032md	Friedrich Christian Anton \"Fritz\" Lang was a German-Austrian filmmaker, screenwriter, and occasional film producer and actor. One of the best known émigrés from Germany's school of Expressionism, he was dubbed the \"Master of Darkness\" by the British Film Institute. His most famous films include the groundbreaking Metropolis, and M, made before he moved to the United States, which is considered to be a precursor to the film noir genre.
/m/04ls53	Michael Giacchino is an American composer who has composed scores for movies, television series and video games. Some of his most notable works include the scores to television series such as Lost, Alias and Fringe, games such as the Medal of Honor and Call of Duty series, and films such as Mission: Impossible III, The Incredibles, Star Trek, Star Trek Into Darkness, Cloverfield, Ratatouille, Up, Super 8, Cars 2, 50/50, and John Carter. Giacchino has received numerous awards for his work, including an Emmy, multiple Grammys, a Golden Globe Award, and an Academy Award.
/m/016z51	Richard Donald Crenna was an American motion picture, television, and radio actor and occasional television director. He starred in such motion pictures as The Sand Pebbles, Wait Until Dark, Un Flic, Body Heat, the first three Rambo movies, Hot Shots! Part Deux, the remake of Sabrina and The Flamingo Kid. Crenna played \"Walter Denton\" in the CBS radio network and CBS-TV network series Our Miss Brooks, and \"Luke McCoy\" in ABC's TV comedy series, The Real McCoys, which moved to CBS-TV in September 1962.
/m/030dx5	Shemp Howard was an American actor and comedian. Born Samuel Horwitz, he was called \"Shemp\" because \"Sam\" came out that way in his mother's thick Litvak accent. He is best known today for his role as the third stooge in The Three Stooges, a role he held twice: once at the beginning of the act in the early 1930s while the act was still associated with Ted Healy, and another from 1947 until his death. Between those times, Shemp had a successful film career as a solo comedian.
/m/02p4jf0	E1 Music, the primary subsidiary of Entertainment One LP, is an independent record label in the United States. It is widely regarded as the most successful independent record label in the United States, having garnered the most Billboard hits of any independently-owned music label in history. It is also distributed by the Universal Music Group in Europe under the name E1 Universal. On January 22, 2009, Koch Records was officially branded as \"E1 Music\" by parent company Entertainment One.\nE1 Entertainment acquired KOCH Entertainment in June 2005, and renamed the company E1 Music. E1 Entertainment's four primary businesses units, E1 Television, E1 Films, E1 Music and E1 Entertainment Distribution, collectively represent E1 Entertainment in film distribution, television and music production/distribution, kids content, Licensing and Distribution.\nSince its inception as KOCH Records, E1 Music has charted over 100 albums on Billboard's Independent Chart, surpassing the number of titles charted by all other U.S. independent labels. E1 Music has been the number one independent label according to Billboard for the last six years and quickly grew to become North America's largest independently owned and distributed record label. E1 Music covers all musical genres from adult-contemporary to rock, hip hop/urban to country, children's to classical.
/m/04kkz8	Patch Adams is a 1998 semi-biographical comedy-drama film starring Robin Williams. Directed by Tom Shadyac, it is based on the life story of Dr. Hunter \"Patch\" Adams and the book Gesundheit: Good Health is a Laughing Matter by Adams and Maureen Mylander. Despite being poorly received by most critics, the film was a box-office success, grossing over twice its budget in the United States alone.
/m/018mrd	Hollywood Forever Cemetery, originally called Hollywood Memorial Park Cemetery, is one of the oldest cemeteries in Los Angeles, California. It is located at 6000 Santa Monica Boulevard in the Hollywood district of Los Angeles, adjacent to the north wall, or back, of Paramount Studios. Among those interred or entombed in the cemetery are a number of important personalities and famous persons, including men and women from the entertainment industry and important people in the history of Los Angeles and their relatives. The cemetery is active and regularly hosts community events, including music events and summer movie screenings. In 2011 the cemetery became a co-producer of the American silent movie Silent Life based on the story of the Hollywood idol Rudolph Valentino, who is entombed there.
/m/088fh	Yellow is the color of gold, butter, or ripe lemons. In the spectrum of visible light, and in the traditional color wheel used by painters, yellow is located between green and orange.\nYellow is commonly associated with gold, wealth, sunshine, reason, happiness, optimism and pleasure, but also with cowardice, envy, jealousy and betrayal. It plays an important part in Asian culture, particularly in China.
/m/082pc	The West Bank is a landlocked territory near the Mediterranean coast of Western Asia, forming the bulk of the Palestinian territories. The West Bank shares boundaries to the west, north, and south with the state of Israel, and to the east, across the Jordan River, with Jordan. The West Bank also contains a significant coastline along the western bank of the Dead Sea. According to the International Court of Justice advisory ruling, whatever agreements have been made between Israel and Palestinian authorities since 1993 do not alter the fact that these territories, including East Jerusalem, continue \"to remain occupied territories\" with Israel \"the occupying power\".\nThe West Bank, including East Jerusalem, has a land area of 5,640 km² and 220 km² water, the northwest quarter of the Dead Sea. It has an estimated population of 2,676,740. More than 80%, about 2,100,000, are Palestinian Arabs, and approximately 500,000 are Jewish Israelis living in the West Bank, including about 192,000 in East Jerusalem, in Israeli settlements. The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank, including East Jerusalem, illegal under international law, though Israel disputes this.
/m/0mr_8	Denton County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. As of the 2010 census, its population was 662,614. The county seat is Denton. Part of the Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex, it is one of the fastest-growing counties in the United States. The county seat is Denton. The county, which was named for John B. Denton, was established in 1846.
/m/03fn34	Neftchi Baku PFK, also known Neftchi, is an Azerbaijani football club based in the capital, Baku, that currently plays in the Azerbaijan Premier League.\nFounded in 1937 as Neftyanik, the club is the most famous and the most successful Azerbaijani club with 8 Azerbaijan Premier League, 5 Azerbaijan Cup and 2 Azerbaijan Supercup titles. The club is one of the two teams in Azerbaijan, along with Qarabağ which has participated in all Azerbaijan Premier League championships so far.\nIn 2012, Neftchi Baku became the first Azerbaijani team to advance to the group stage of a European competition, beating APOEL of Cyprus 4–2 on aggregate in the play-off round of the 2012–13 UEFA Europa League. Neftchi plays its matches at the Bakcell Arena, which also serves as the venue for Azerbaijan national football team matches.\nThe club is also a member of the European Club Association, an organization that replaced the previous G-14 which consists of major football clubs in Europe.
/m/0449sw	The Togo national football team, nicknamed Les Eperviers, is controlled by the Fédération Togolaise de Football. They played at the 2006 FIFA World Cup. Their team bus underwent a fatal attack in Angola prior to the 2010 Africa Cup of Nations. They withdrew and were subsequently banned from the following two tournaments by the Confederation of African Football. In 2013 for the first time in history, Togo reached the quarter-finals of the Africa Cup of Nations.
/m/05t7c1	The University of Hamburg is a comprehensive university in Hamburg, Germany. It was founded on 28 March 1919, having grown out of the previous General lecture system and the Colonial Institute of Hamburg as well as the Akademic Gymnasium. In spite of its relatively short history, six Nobel Prize Winners and serials of scholars are affiliated to the university. Hamburg University is the biggest research and education institution in Northern Germany and one of the most extensive universities in Germany. The main campus is located in the central district of Rotherbaum, with affiliated institutes and research centers spread around the city state.
/m/0h7h6	Toronto is the most populous city in Canada and the provincial capital of Ontario. It is located in Southern Ontario on the northwestern shore of Lake Ontario. The history of Toronto began in the late 18th century when the British Crown purchased its land from the Mississaugas of the New Credit. The British established a settlement there, called the Town of York, which its lieutenant governor, John Graves Simcoe, designated as the capital of Upper Canada. The city was ransacked in the Battle of York during the War of 1812. In 1834, York was incorporated as a city and renamed Toronto. It was damaged in two huge fires in 1849 and 1904. Over the years, Toronto has expanded its borders several times through amalgamation with surrounding municipalities, most recently in 1998.\nAccording to the 2011 Census, the city has 2.6 million residents, making it the fifth-most populous city in North America. However, in 2012, the municipal government published a population estimate of 2,791,140, which led to media reports claiming Toronto as the fourth most populous city in North America and the most populous Great Lakes city, surpassing Chicago. The census metropolitan area had a population of 5,583,064, and the Greater Toronto Area had a population of 6,054,191 in the 2011 Census. Toronto is at the heart of the Greater Toronto Area, and of the densely populated region in Southern Ontario known as the Golden Horseshoe. Its cosmopolitan and international population reflects its role as an important destination for immigrants to Canada. Toronto is one of the world's most diverse cities by percentage of non-native-born residents, with about 49% of the population born outside Canada. As Canada's commercial capital, it is home to the Toronto Stock Exchange and the five largest banks in the nation. Toronto will host the 2015 Pan American Games.
/m/012d9h	Inverness is a city in the Scottish Highlands. It is the administrative centre for the Highland council area, and is regarded as the capital of the Highlands of Scotland. Inverness lies near two important battle sites: the 11th century battle of Blàr nam Fèinne against Norway which took place on The Aird and the 18th century Battle of Culloden which took place on Culloden Moor. It is the northernmost city in the United Kingdom and lies within the Great Glen at its north-eastern extremity where the River Ness enters the Moray Firth. At the latest, a settlement was established by the 6th century with the first royal charter being granted by Dabíd mac Maíl Choluim in the 12th century. The Gaelic king Mac Bethad Mac Findláich whose 11th Century murder of King Duncan was immortalised in Shakespeare's play, held a castle within the city where he ruled as Mormaer of Moray and Ross.\nThe population of greater Inverness grew from an estimated population of 51,610 in 2003 to 62,470 at the time of the 2011 Census. Inverness is one of Europe's fastest growing cities, with a third of the Highland population living in or around the city and is ranked fifth out of 189 British cities for its quality of life, the highest of any Scottish city. In the recent past, Inverness has experienced rapid economic growth - between 1998 and 2008, Inverness and the rest of the Central Highlands showed the largest growth of average economic productivity per person in Scotland and the second greatest growth in the United Kingdom as a whole, with an increase of 86%. Inverness is twinned with one German city, Augsburg and two French towns, La Baule and Saint-Valery-en-Caux.
/m/0tcj6	Kansas City is the third-largest city in the state of Kansas, the county seat of Wyandotte County, and the third-largest city of the Kansas City metropolitan area. It is part of a consolidated city-county government known as the \"Unified Government\". Wyandotte County also includes the independent cities of Bonner Springs and Edwardsville. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 145,786. It is situated at Kaw Point, which is the junction of the Missouri and Kansas rivers. It may be abbreviated as \"KC\", but is often referred to as \"KCK\" to differentiate it from the bordering city of Kansas City, Missouri.
/m/03b79	The German Empire was the historical German nation state that existed from the German unification in 1871 to the defeat in World War 1 in 1918, when Germany became a federal republic. The state was the predecessor of today's Germany. The Empire is sometimes called the German Reich.\nThe German Empire consisted of 27 constituent territories. While the Kingdom of Prussia contained most of the population and most of the territory of the Reich, the Prussian leadership became supplanted by German leaders and Prussia itself played a lesser role. As Dwyer points out, Prussia's \"political and cultural influence had diminished considerably\" by the 1890s. Its three largest neighbours were rivals Imperial Russia to the east, France to the west and ally Austria-Hungary to the south.\nGermany industrialized rapidly after 1850, with a foundation in coal, iron, chemicals and railways. From a population of 41 million people in 1871, it grew to 68 million in 1913. From a heavily rural nation in 1815, it was now predominantly urban. During its 47 years of existence, the German Empire operated as an industrial, technological and scientific giant, receiving more Nobel Prizes in science than Britain, France, Russia and the United States combined.
/m/03xmy1	Brigitte Nielsen is a Danish actress, model, singer, and reality television personality who began her career modelling for Greg Gorman and Helmut Newton and several years later acted in the 1985 films Red Sonja and Rocky IV. She is also known for her marriage to Sylvester Stallone, with whom she starred in the 1986 film Cobra. She played Karla Fry on Beverly Hills Cop II, co-starring Eddie Murphy, and played the Dark Witch in the Italian TV Series Cave of the Golden Rose between 1992–1996. She appeared also in Michael Jackson's \"Liberian Girl\" and Austrian Rock Star Falco's \"Body Next To Body\" music videos.\nHer exploits were well-covered in the entertainment media in the 1980s, and the world press started referring to her as an \"Amazon\" because of her tall stature.\nShe later built a career appearing in B-movies, and in the 2000s, for appearing on reality shows such as Flavor of Love. In 2008, she appeared on the reality show Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew, which depicted her and several other celebrities dealing with recovery from drug and alcohol addiction.\nShe released several albums between 1987–2002. Recently, she performed on the song Misery with Spleen United, from the album School of Euphoria.
/m/0ds11z	Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street is a 2007 musical horror film directed by Tim Burton. It is an adaptation of Stephen Sondheim and Hugh Wheeler's Tony Award-winning 1979 musical of the same name and re-tells the Victorian melodramatic tale of Sweeney Todd, an English barber and serial killer who murders his customers with a straight razor and, with the help of his accomplice, Mrs. Lovett, processes their corpses into meat pies.\nHaving been struck by the cinematic qualities of Sondheim's musical while still a student, Burton had entertained the notion of a film version since the early 1980s. However, it was not until 2006 that he had the opportunity to realize this ambition, when DreamWorks announced his appointment as replacement for director Sam Mendes, who had been working on such an adaptation. Sondheim, although not directly involved, was extensively consulted during the film's production.\nIt stars Johnny Depp as Sweeney Todd and Helena Bonham Carter as Mrs. Lovett. Depp, not known for his singing, took lessons in preparation for his role, which producer Richard D. Zanuck acknowledged was something of a gamble. However, Depp's vocal performance, despite being criticized as lacking certain musical qualities, was generally thought by critics to suit the part.
/m/0ftns	Valletta is the capital of Malta, colloquially known as Il-Belt in Maltese. It is located in the central-eastern portion of the island of Malta, and the historical city has a population of 6,966. Valletta is the second southernmost capital of the EU member states after Nicosia.\nValletta contains buildings from the 16th century onwards, built during the rule of the Order of St. John of Jerusalem, also known as Knights Hospitaller. The city is essentially Baroque in character, with elements of Mannerist, Neo-Classical and Modern architecture in selected areas, though World War II left major scars on the city. The City of Valletta was officially recognised as a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1980.\nThe city was named after Jean Parisot de Valette, who succeeded in defending the island from an Ottoman invasion in 1565. The official name given by the Order of Saint John was Humilissima Civitas Valletta — The Most Humble City of Valletta, or Città Umilissima in Italian. The bastions, curtains and ravelins along with the beauty of its Baroque palaces, gardens and churches, led the ruling houses of Europe to give the city its nickname Superbissima — Most Proud.
/m/05cj4r	Dame Eileen June Atkins, DBE is an English actress and occasional screenwriter. She has worked in the theatre, film, and television consistently since 1953. She has won several Major acting awards including three Olivier's, one BAFTA and one Emmy. She was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1990 and Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 2001.
/m/06rk8r	FC Red Bull Salzburg is an Austrian association football club, based in Wals-Siezenheim. Their home ground is the Red Bull Arena. Due to sponsorship restrictions, the club is known as FC Salzburg and wears a modified crest when playing in UEFA competitions.\nThe club was known as SV Austria Salzburg, and had several sponsored names, before being bought by the Red Bull company in 2005 who renamed the club and changed its colours from its traditional violet and white to red and white. The change resulted in some of the team's fans forming a new club, SV Austria Salzburg.\nFounded in 1933, the club won its first Austrian Bundesliga in 1994, which was the first of three in the space of four seasons which also saw them reach the 1994 UEFA Cup Final. The team currently has seven league titles to its name.
/m/0f7fy	Lyndon Baines Johnson, often referred to as LBJ, was the 36th President of the United States, a position he assumed after his service as the 37th Vice President of the United States. He is one of only four people who served in all four elected federal offices of the United States: Representative, Senator, Vice President, and President. Johnson, a Democrat from Texas, served as a United States Representative from 1937 to 1949 and as a Senator from 1949 to 1961, including six years as United States Senate Majority Leader, two as Senate Minority Leader and two as Senate Majority Whip. After campaigning unsuccessfully for the Democratic nomination in 1960, Johnson was asked by John F. Kennedy to be his running mate for the 1960 presidential election. After their election, Johnson succeeded to the presidency following President Kennedy's assassination on November 22, 1963, completed Kennedy's term and was elected President in his own right, winning by a large margin over Barry Goldwater in the 1964 election.\nJohnson was greatly supported by the Democratic Party and as President, he was responsible for designing the \"Great Society\" legislation that included laws that upheld civil rights, public broadcasting, Medicare, Medicaid, environmental protection, aid to education, aid to the arts, urban and rural development, and his \"War on Poverty.\" Assisted in part by a growing economy, the War on Poverty helped millions of Americans rise above the poverty line during Johnson's presidency. Civil rights bills signed by Johnson banned racial discrimination in public facilities, interstate commerce, the workplace, and housing, and a powerful voting rights act guaranteed full voting rights for citizens of all races. With the passage of the sweeping Immigration and Nationality Act of 1965, the country's immigration system was reformed and all national origins quotas were removed. Johnson was renowned for his domineering personality and the \"Johnson treatment,\" his coercion of powerful politicians in order to advance legislation.
/m/0cgqx	The Speaker of the United States House of Representatives is the presiding officer of the chamber. The office was established in 1789 by Article I, Section 2 of the United States Constitution, which states in part, \"The House of Representatives shall chuse [sic] their Speaker...\" The current Speaker is John Boehner, a Republican who represents Ohio's 8th congressional district. The Constitution does not require that the Speaker be an elected House Representative, though all Speakers have been an elected Member of Congress.\nThe Speaker is second in the United States presidential line of succession, after the Vice President and ahead of the President pro tempore of the U.S. Senate. Unlike some Westminster system parliaments, in which the office of Speaker is considered non-partisan, in the United States, the Speaker of the House is a leadership position and the office-holder actively works to set the majority party's legislative agenda. The Speaker usually does not personally preside over debates, instead delegating the duty to members of the House from the majority party.\nAside from duties relating to heading the House and the majority political party, the Speaker also performs administrative and procedural functions, and represents his or her Congressional district.
/m/041n28	União Desportiva de Leiria, commonly known as União de Leiria, is a Portuguese football club based in Leiria, central Portugal. Founded on 6 June 1966, it currently plays in the third division, holding home matches at Estádio Dr. Magalhães Pessoa, with a 24,000-seat capacity.
/m/0kvwh	The Vaucluse is a department in the southeast of France, named after the famous spring, the Fontaine-de-Vaucluse. The name Vaucluse derives from the Latin Vallis Clausis as the valley here ends in a cliff face from which emanates a spring whose origin is so far in and so deep that it remains to be defined.
/m/016z5x	Chaplin is a 1992 American biographical film about the life of British comedian Charlie Chaplin. It was produced and directed by Richard Attenborough and stars Robert Downey, Jr., Moira Kelly, Dan Aykroyd, Penelope Ann Miller, and Kevin Kline. It also features Geraldine Chaplin in the role of her own paternal grandmother, Hannah Chaplin.\nThe film was adapted by William Boyd, Bryan Forbes and William Goldman from the books My Autobiography by Chaplin and Chaplin: His Life and Art by film critic David Robinson. Associate producer Diana Hawkins got a story credit. The original music score was composed by John Barry.
/m/01rthc	In the United States and Canada, college rock was the term for 1980's alternative rock. College rock was played on student-run university and college campus radio stations located in the United States and Canada in the 1980s. The stations' playlists were often created by students who avoided the mainstream rock played on commercial radio stations.
/m/04g9gd	Domino is a 2005 American action film directed by Tony Scott and written by Richard Kelly. Inspired by Domino Harvey, the English daughter of stage and screen actor Laurence Harvey, who became a Los Angeles bounty hunter, the plot flashes back as Domino, fashion model turned bounty hunter, narrates how a $10M robbery came about 36 hours before. Supporting roles are Mickey Rourke, Edgar Ramirez, Delroy Lindo and Mo'Nique. The film is dedicated to Harvey, who died at only 35 years of age from an accidental overdose of fentanyl on June 27, 2005, before the film was released.
/m/01rwbd	Bury is a town in Greater Manchester, England. It lies on the River Irwell, 5.5 miles east of Bolton, 5.9 miles west-southwest of Rochdale, and 7.9 miles north-northwest of the city of Manchester. Bury is surrounded by several smaller settlements, which together form the Metropolitan Borough of Bury, with Bury as the largest settlement and administrative centre.\nHistorically a part of Lancashire, Bury emerged during the Industrial Revolution as a mill town centred on textile manufacture.\nBury is regionally notable for its open-air market - Bury Market - and its popularity has been increased since the introduction of the Manchester Metrolink tram system, which terminates in the town. The market is known for its supply of a local traditional dish - black pudding, served hot or cold and can be eaten either as a takeaway snack, or more commonly as an accompaniment or main ingredient of a meal starter or main course.\nOne of Bury's most notable residents was Sir Robert Peel, Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, founder of the Metropolitan Police Service and the Conservative Party. A monument to Peel is outside Bury parish church and another, the austere Peel Monument, stands on a hill overlooking the locality. Another of Bury's most notable residents is WWE COO and part-time wrestler Triple H who pays homage to his supple town by both carrying a shovel and practicing in the act of burial on the likes of Zack Ryder and Dolph Ziggler.
/m/03177r	Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban is a 2004 fantasy film directed by Alfonso Cuarón and distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures. It is based on the novel of the same name by J. K. Rowling. The film, which is the third instalment in the Harry Potter film series, was written by Steve Kloves and produced by Chris Columbus, David Heyman, and Mark Radcliffe. The story follows Harry Potter's third year at Hogwarts as he is informed that a prisoner named Sirius Black has escaped from Azkaban and wants to murder him. The film stars Daniel Radcliffe as Harry Potter, alongside Rupert Grint and Emma Watson as Harry's best friends Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger. It is the sequel to Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets and is followed by Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire.\nThe film was released on 31 May 2004 in the United Kingdom and on 4 June 2004 in North America, as the first Harry Potter film released into IMAX theatres and to be using IMAX Technology. It is also the last Harry Potter film to be released on VHS as well as the last film until Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince to be rated PG in North America. The film was nominated for two Academy Awards—Original Music Score and Visual Effects—at the 77th Academy Awards in 2005.
/m/0gp_x9	Santhanam is an Indian film actor who plays lead comedian roles in Tamil films. His fame started off with Lollu Sabha. He made his feature film debut with sachin in 2004 and later appeared in several successful films. Though is considered his first feature film, he has acted in two films before Manmadhan. Santhanam was also in STR's debut film as a leading actor, namely Kadhal Azhivathillai. He is best known for his roles in Siruthai and director M. Rajesh's comic trilogy, comprising Siva Manasula Sakthi, Boss Engira Bhaskaran and Oru Kal Oru Kannadi, the former two earning him the Vijay Award for Best Comedian for their respective years. After Manmadhan, Santhanam continued his collaboration with actor Silambarasan, appearing in successful comedy tracks in Vallavan, Kaalai, Silambattam, Vaanam and Osthe. He has started a film production company named Handmade Films.
/m/0253b6	Tia Carrere is an American actress, model, voice artist, and singer who obtained her first big break as a regular on the daytime soap opera General Hospital.\nShe played Cassandra Wong in the feature films Wayne's World and Wayne's World 2, Nani in Lilo & Stitch, its sequel films and Lilo & Stitch: The Series, Queen Tyr'ahnee in Duck Dodgers, and Sydney Fox in the syndicated television series Relic Hunter. She appeared as a contestant in the second season of Dancing with the Stars and the fifth season of The Celebrity Apprentice.
/m/0c9blh	The House Democratic Caucus nominates and elects the Democratic Party leadership in the United States House of Representatives. The group is composed of all Democratic Representatives in the House. In its roles as a party conference, the caucus writes and enforces rules of conduct and discipline for its members, approves committee assignments, and serves as the primary forum for development of party policy and legislative priorities. It hosts weekly meetings for these purposes and to communicate the party's message to members.\nAt the Organizational Meeting on November 18, 2008, of the Democratic Caucus for the 111th Congress, Representative John B. Larson was elected Caucus Chairman by acclamation. The election was presided over by the outgoing Chairman of the Democratic Caucus for the 110th Congress, former Representative Rahm Emanuel. Rep. Larson officially assumed the position of Chairman on the first day of the 111th Congress, January 3, 2009.\nAfter his election as Chairman at the Organizational Meeting on November 18, Chairman Larson presided over the election of Rep. Xavier Becerra, who defeated Representative Marcy Kaptur of Ohio by a vote count of 175 to 67. Rep. Becerra likewise assumed his Vice-Chairmanship on January 3.
/m/07p62k	Evan Almighty is a 2007 American religious comedy film and the stand-alone sequel to Bruce Almighty. The film was directed by Tom Shadyac, based on the characters created by Steve Koren and Mark O'Keefe from the original film, and starring Steve Carell as the title character. Morgan Freeman reprised his role as God from the original film. Production of the film began in January 2006. Several visual effect companies were used to provide CGI for the numerous animals and the climactic flood scene. The main plot is a modern day retelling of Noah's Ark.\nUniversal Pictures stressed the animals' conditions were acceptable despite PETA objections. By the time the film premiered on June 10, 2007, it had become the most expensive film comedy ever at the time. The film grossed less than its budget of $174 million worldwide, making it a financial loss, and it received generally negative reviews. In October 2007, the film was released on DVD and HD DVD.
/m/01vx2h	Visual effects are the various processes by which imagery is created and/or manipulated outside the context of a live action shot. Visual effects involve the integration of live-action footage and generated imagery to create environments which look realistic, but would be dangerous, expensive, impractical, or simply impossible to capture on film. Visual effects using computer generated imagery has recently become accessible to the independent filmmaker with the introduction of affordable and user friendly animation and compositing software.
/m/0q9t7	Steven Alexander Wright is an Academy Award winning American comedian, actor and writer. He is known for his distinctly lethargic voice and slow, deadpan delivery of ironic, philosophical and sometimes nonsensical jokes, paraprosdokians, and one-liners with contrived situations.
/m/02czd5	Mad About You is an American sitcom that aired on NBC from September 23, 1992 to May 24, 1999. The show stars Paul Reiser and Helen Hunt as a newly married couple in New York City.
/m/025y67	Kumasi is a city in Ashanti, South Ghana. Kumasi is located near Lake Bosumtwi, in a Rain Forest region, and is the commercial, industrial and cultural capital of Asanteman. Kumasi is approximately 300 miles north of the Equator and 100 miles north of the Gulf of Guinea. Kumasi is alternatively known as \"The Garden City\" because of its many beautiful species of flowers and plants.It is also called Oseikrom.
/m/03f0qd7	Armando Christian Pérez, better known by his stage name Pitbull, is a Cuban American recording artist and Latin Grammy winning rapper from Miami, Florida. He has released seven albums and one EP. His first recorded mainstream performance was on a solo track from Lil Jon's 2002 album Kings of Crunk, which featured Pitbull rapping over Jon's production. In 2004, Pitbull released his debut album titled M.I.A.M.I., under TVT Records; the album included production from high-profile producers Lil Jon and Jim Jonsin. Pitbull later released his second album El Mariel, in 2006 and his third, The Boatlift, in 2007. In 2009, his fourth album Rebelution, spawned the hit single \"I Know You Want Me\". Pitbull's 2011 album Planet Pit, featured the single \"Give Me Everything\", which was his first number-one single on the Billboard Hot 100. The song reached #1 worldwide and featured fellow artists Ne-Yo, Nayer and Afrojack. Pitbull also released \"Timber\" in October 2013 from his EP album Meltdown and was a global hit, reaching #1 in many countries and making it to #1 in US Billboard Hot 100 and #1 in UK for a total of twenty #1 positions worldwide. The song has charted worldwide making it his second one to do so.He performed the song in different award show including American music awards in which he was the host. Pitbull has performed as a featured artist on the remixes of other hit singles such as \"Tik Tok\", \"Scream & Shout\", \"Lo Hecho Esta Hecho\", \"Bad\", \"Papi\", \"Diamonds\", \"How Low\", \"Tonight\", \"Video Phone\", \"Over To You Now\", and \"Bumpy Ride\".
/m/03d9v8	Shirley Temple Black was an American film and television actress, singer, dancer and public servant, most famous as a child star in the 1930s. As an adult, she entered politics and became a diplomat, serving as United States Ambassador to Ghana and later to Czechoslovakia, and as Chief of Protocol of the United States.\nTemple began her film career in 1932 at the age of three. In 1934, she found international fame in Bright Eyes, a feature film designed specifically for her talents. She received a special Juvenile Academy Award in February 1935 for her outstanding contribution as a juvenile performer to motion pictures during 1934, and film hits such as Curly Top and Heidi followed year after year during the mid-to-late 1930s. Licensed merchandise that capitalized on her wholesome image included dolls, dishes and clothing. Her box office popularity waned as she reached adolescence, and she left the film industry in her teens. She appeared in a few films of varying quality in her mid-to-late teens, and retired completely from films in 1950 at the age of 22. She was the top box-office draw four years in a row in a Motion Picture Herald poll.
/m/04q00lw	My Name Is Khan, which is commonly referred to as MNIK, is a 2010 Indian drama film directed by Karan Johar, written by Shibani Bathija and starring Shah Rukh Khan and Kajol in the lead roles. Produced by Hiroo Johar, Gauri Khan and Shahrukh Khan, the film was jointly produced by Dharma Productions and Red Chillies Entertainment at a budget of 38 crore. My Name Is Khan's distribution rights were bought by Fox Star Entertainment for a sum of 100 crore, making it the most expensive Bollywood film of 2010 and also the highest-value buy over for any Indian film, surpassing the previous record of 90 crore set by Ghajini.\nBefore its release, the film generated a great deal of publicity for three main reasons: first, the many political controversies surrounding the film and its lead actor; second, Khan's presence in the film; and third, the reunion of the \"golden pair\" of Khan and Kajol, who last appeared together in the film Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham in 2001.\nMy Name Is Khan debuted in Abu Dhabi, UAE, on 10 February 2010. It premiered globally in cinemas on 12 February 2010. It was also screened as part of the 60th Berlin International Film Festival's official selection the same month.
/m/01j5x6	Jonathan \"Jonny\" Lee Miller is an English film, television and theatre actor. He achieved early success for his portrayal of Simon Williamson in the black comedy drama film Trainspotting, before earning further critical recognition for his performances in Afterglow, Mansfield Park, The Flying Scotsman and Endgame; for The Flying Scotsman he received a London Film Critics' Circle nomination for Actor of the Year. He was also part of the principal cast in the films Melinda and Melinda, Dark Shadows and Byzantium. He has appeared in several theatrical productions on Broadway, most notably After Miss Julie and Frankenstein, the later of which earned him an Olivier Award for Best Actor.\nMiller starred as the titular character in the ABC comedy-drama Eli Stone for which he received a Satellite Award nomination for Best Actor. This was followed by another starring role in the BBC costume drama Emma and a supporting role as Jordan Chase in the fifth season of the Showtime drama Dexter. He currently stars as Sherlock Holmes in the CBS crime drama Elementary which earned him his second Satellite Award nomination for Best Actor.
/m/0blpg	Everyone Says I Love You is a 1996 American musical comedy film written and directed by Woody Allen, who also stars in the film, alongside Julia Roberts, Alan Alda, Edward Norton, Drew Barrymore, Gaby Hoffmann, Tim Roth, Goldie Hawn, Natasha Lyonne and Natalie Portman.\nSet in New York City, Venice, and Paris, the film features singing by actors not usually known for their singing. It is among the more critically successful of Allen's later films, although it did not do well commercially. Chicago Sun-Times critic Roger Ebert ranked it as one of Allen's best.
/m/09wz9	Bobsleigh or bobsled is a winter sport in which teams of two or four make timed runs down narrow, twisting, banked, iced tracks in a gravity-powered sled. The timed runs are combined to calculate the final score.\nThe various types of sleds came several years before the first tracks were built in St. Moritz, Switzerland, where the original bobsleds were adapted upsized luge/skeleton sleds designed by the adventurously wealthy to carry passengers. All three types were adapted from boys' delivery sleds and toboggans.\nCompetition naturally followed, and to protect the working class and rich visitors in the streets and byways of St Moritz, bobsledding was eventually banned from the public highway. In the winter of 1903/1904 the Badrutt family, owners of the historic Kulm Hotel and the Palace Hotel, allowed Emil Thoma to organise the construction of the first familiarly configured 'half-pipe' track in the Kulm Hotel Park, ending in the village of Cresta. It has hosted the sport during two Olympics and is still in use today.\nInternational bobsleigh competitions are governed by the International Bobsleigh and Skeleton Federation, also known as FIBT from the French Fédération Internationale de Bobsleigh et de Tobogganing. National competitions are often governed by bodies such as the United States Bobsled and Skeleton Federation and Bobsleigh Canada Skeleton.
/m/0t_2	American English is a set of dialects of the English language used mostly in the United States. Approximately two-thirds of the world's native speakers of English live in the United States.\nEnglish is the most widely-spoken language in the United States. English is the common language used by the federal government and is considered the de facto language of the United States due to its widespread use. English has been given official status by 30 of the 50 state governments. As an example, under federal law, English is the official language of United States courts in Puerto Rico.\nThe use of English in the United States is a result of British colonization. The first wave of English-speaking settlers arrived in North America during the 17th century, followed by further migrations in the 18th and 19th centuries. Since then, American English has been influenced by the languages of West Africa, the Native American population, German, Irish, Spanish, and other languages of successive waves of immigrants to the U.S.
/m/03bxz7	A biographical film, or biopic, is a film that dramatizes the life of an actual person or people. Such films show the life of a historical person and the central character’s real name is used. They differ from films \"based on a true story\" or “historical films” in that they attempt to comprehensively tell a person’s life story or at least the most historically important years of their lives.\nBecause the figures portrayed are actual people, whose actions and characteristics are known to the public, biopic roles are considered some of the most demanding of actors and actresses. Johnny Depp, Jim Carrey, and Jamie Foxx all gained respect as dramatic actors after starring in biopics: Depp as Edward D. Wood, Jr. in Ed Wood, Carrey as Andy Kaufman in Man on the Moon, and Foxx as Ray Charles in Ray.\nIn rare cases, sometimes called autobiopics, the subject of the film plays himself or herself: Jackie Robinson in The Jackie Robinson Story; Muhammad Ali in The Greatest; Audie Murphy in To Hell and Back; Patty Duke in Call Me Anna; Bob Mathias in The Bob Mathias Story, Arlo Guthrie in Alice's Restaurant; and Howard Stern in Private Parts.
/m/015kg1	Epitaph Records is a Hollywood, California based independent record label owned by Bad Religion guitarist Brett Gurewitz. The label was originally \"just a logo and a P.O. box\" created in the 1980s for the purpose of selling Bad Religion records, but has evolved into a large independent record label. Gurewitz took the name from a King Crimson song of the same name. Throughout the 1980s and 1990s most of the bands on Epitaph were punk and pop punk groups, while there are many post-hardcore and emo bands signed to the label as well. A large portion of the record label, known as Hellcat Records, is owned by Tim Armstrong, frontman of the punk rock band Rancid. Several sister-labels also exist, such as ANTI-, Burning Heart Records, Fat Possum Records, Hellcat Records and Heart & Skull Records that have signed other types of bands.
/m/05ggt_	Eileen Brennan was an American actress of film, television, and theater. Brennan was best known for her role as Doreen Lewis in Private Benjamin, for which she received an Oscar nomination for Best Supporting Actress. She reprised the role for the TV adaptation, winning both a Golden Globe and Emmy for her performance. She received Emmy nominations for her guest starring roles on Newhart, Thirtysomething, Taxi and Will & Grace.
/m/0fpzt5	Orson Scott Card is an American novelist, critic, public speaker, essayist and columnist. He writes in several genres but is known best for science fiction. His novel Ender's Game and its sequel Speaker for the Dead both won Hugo and Nebula Awards, making Card the only author to win both science fiction's top U.S. prizes in consecutive years. A feature film adaptation of Ender's Game, which Card co-produced, was released in late October 2013 in Europe and on November 1, 2013, in North America.\nCard is a professor of English at Southern Virginia University, has written two books on the subject of creative writing, hosts writing bootcamps and workshops, and serves as a judge in the Writers of the Future contest. A great-great-grandson of Brigham Young, Card is a practicing member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. In addition to producing a large body of fiction works, he has also offered political, religious, and social commentary in his columns and other writing. His views on homosexuality, including his opposition to same-sex marriage, have drawn controversy.
/m/0jnh	The American Revolutionary War, the American War of Independence, or simply the Revolutionary War in the United States, began as a war between the Kingdom of Great Britain and the Thirteen Colonies, but gradually grew into a world war between Britain and German Mercenaries on one side and the newly formed United States, France, Netherlands, Spain, and Mysore on the other. American independence was achieved and European powers recognized the independence of the United States, with mixed results for the other nations involved.\nFrance, Spain and the Dutch Republic all secretly provided supplies, ammunition and weapons to the revolutionaries starting early in 1776. By June 1776 the Americans were in full control of every state, but then the British Royal Navy captured New York City and made it their main base. The war became a standoff. The Royal Navy could occupy other coastal cities for brief periods, but the rebels controlled the countryside, where 90 percent of the population lived. British strategy relied on mobilizing Loyalist militia and was never fully realized. A British invasion from Canada in 1777 ended in the capture of the British army at the Battles of Saratoga.
/m/0167v4	David Ryan Adams is an American singer, songwriter, guitarist and producer. He is best known for his prolific solo career, and as a former member of alt-country band Whiskeytown, with whom he recorded three studio albums.\nIn 2000, Adams left Whiskeytown and released his first solo album, Heartbreaker, to critical acclaim. The album was nominated for the Shortlist Music Prize. In 2001, Adams released the UK certified-gold Gold, which included the hit single, \"New York, New York\".\nHe released five albums with the rock band The Cardinals and in 2009 Adams married singer-songwriter and actress Mandy Moore. Adams left The Cardinals and announced that he was taking a break from music. He resumed performing in October 2010 and released his thirteenth studio album, Ashes & Fire, on October 11, 2011. The album peaked at No. 7 on the Billboard 200.\nAdams has also produced albums for Willie Nelson, Jesse Malin and Fall Out Boy, and collaborated with Counting Crows, Weezer, Norah Jones, America, Minnie Driver, Cowboy Junkies, Leona Naess, Toots & the Maytals, Beth Orton and Krista Polvere. He has written Infinity Blues, a book of poems, and Hello Sunshine, a collection of poems and short stories.
/m/0277j40	Get Shorty is a 1995 crime-comedy film based on Elmore Leonard's novel of the same name. Directed by Barry Sonnenfeld and starring John Travolta, Gene Hackman, Rene Russo, and Danny DeVito, the plot remained true to the book except for a few minor details.\nThe sequel Be Cool began production in 2003 and was released in 2005. It was based on the novel of the same name published in 1999.
/m/01q4qv	Costa-Gavras, is a Greek-born naturalized French filmmaker, who lives and works in France, best known for films with overt political themes, most famously the fast-paced thriller, Z. Most of his movies were made in French; starting with Missing, several were made in English.
/m/02r34n	Peter Coyote is an American actor, author, director, screenwriter and narrator of films, theatre, television and audio books. His voice work includes narrating the opening ceremony of the 2002 Winter Olympics and Apple's iPad campaign. He has also served as on-camera co-host of the 2000 Oscar telecasts. His speaking voice, which helped him win an Emmy for narration in 1992, has often been compared with that of actor Henry Fonda.\nCoyote was one of the founders of the Diggers, an anarchist improv group active in Haight-Ashbury during the mid-1960s. Coyote was also an actor, writer and director with the San Francisco Mime Troupe; his prominence in the San Francisco counterculture scene led to his being interviewed for the noted book, Voices from the Love Generation. He acted in and directed the first cross-country tour of the Minstrel Show, and his play Olive Pits, co-authored with Mime Troupe member Peter Berg, won the Troupe an Obie Award from the Village Voice. Coyote became a member, and later chairman, of the California Arts Council from 1975 to 1983. In the late 1970s, he shifted from acting on stage to acting in films. In the 1990s and 2000s, he acted in several television shows. He speaks fluent Spanish and French.
/m/016sd3	Stetson University is a private, nonprofit university with four colleges and schools located across the I-4 corridor in Central Florida, United States, with the primary undergraduate campus located in DeLand. In the 2014 U.S. News and World Report's guide to America's Best Colleges, Stetson ranks in the \"Top 5 Best Colleges in the South\", and the Stetson University College of Law ranks No. 1 nationally in trial advocacy.\nOther recent recognitions include being ranked No. 6 nationally in Washington Monthly magazine’s \"2013 College Guide” to master's universities, a ranking based on a combination of social mobility, research and service; and being named a military-friendly school.
/m/06qjgc	Lionel Andrés Messi is an Argentine footballer who plays as a forward for Spanish club FC Barcelona and the Argentina national team. He serves as the captain of his country's national football team. By the age of 21, Messi had received Ballon d'Or and FIFA World Player of the Year nominations. The following year, in 2009, he won his first Ballon d'Or and FIFA World Player of the Year awards. He followed this up by winning the inaugural FIFA Ballon d'Or in 2010, and then again in 2011 and 2012. He also won the 2010–11 UEFA Best Player in Europe Award. At the age of 24, Messi became Barcelona's all-time top scorer in all official club competitions. At age 25, Messi became the youngest player to score 200 La Liga goals.\nWidely recognised as the best player in the world and rated by some commentators, coaches and players as the greatest footballer of all time, Messi is the first football player in history to win four FIFA/Ballons d'Or, all of which he won consecutively, as well as the first to win three European Golden Shoe awards. Messi has won six La Ligas, two Copas del Rey, five Supercopas de España, three UEFA Champions Leagues, two UEFA Super Cups and two Club World Cups.
/m/02r8dcw	The 1998 Major League Baseball season ended with the New York Yankees defeating the San Diego Padres in Game 4 of the World Series.\nThe 1998 season was also marked by an expansion to 30 teams, with two new teams–the Arizona Diamondbacks in the National League, and the Tampa Bay Devil Rays in the American League–added to the MLB. To keep the leagues with even numbers of teams while allowing both leagues to have a new team, the Milwaukee Brewers were moved from the American League Central Division to the National League Central Division. The Detroit Tigers were shifted from the American League East to the American League Central, while the Devil Rays were added to the American League East. The Diamondbacks were added to the National League West, making the NL have more teams than the AL for the first time .\nThe biggest story of the season was the historic chase of the single-season home run record held at the time by Roger Maris. Initially, the St. Louis Cardinals' Mark McGwire and Ken Griffey, Jr. of the Seattle Mariners started the season on a pace to both break Maris' record. In June, the chase was joined by the Chicago Cubs' Sammy Sosa, who broke the decades-old record of Rudy York for most home runs in a calendar month with 20 that month. Eventually, Griffey fell off the record pace, but still ended with 56 homers. Both McGwire and Sosa broke the record in September, with McGwire ultimately finishing with 70 homers to Sosa's 66. McGwire's record would last only three years, with Barry Bonds hitting 73 in 2001. The 1998 season was also the first in MLB history with four players hitting 50 or more homers, with Greg Vaughn of the San Diego Padres hitting 50. In a postscript to the record chase, both McGwire and Sosa have since been widely accused of having used performance-enhancing drugs during that period, and McGwire would admit in 2010 that he had used steroids during the record-setting season.
/m/03d0ns	Jeanne Moreau is a French actress, singer, screenwriter and director. She is the recipient of a César Award for Best Actress, a BAFTA Award for Best Foreign Actress and a Cannes Film Festival Best Actress Award for individual performances, and several lifetime awards.\nMoreau made her theatrical debut in 1947, and established herself as one of the leading actresses of the Comédie-Française. She began playing small roles in films in 1949 and eventually achieved prominence as the star of Lift to the Scaffold /Elevator to the Gallows, directed by Louis Malle and Jules et Jim, directed by François Truffaut. Most prolific during the 1960s, Moreau continues to appear in films to the present day.
/m/0401sg	Resident Evil is a 2002 science fiction horror film written and directed by Paul W. S. Anderson. The film stars Milla Jovovich, Michelle Rodriguez and Colin Salmon. It is the first installment in the Resident Evil film series, which is based on the Capcom survival horror video game series Resident Evil.\nBorrowing elements from the video games Resident Evil and Resident Evil 2, the film follows amnesiac heroine Alice and a band of Umbrella Corporation commandos as they attempt to contain the outbreak of the T-virus at a secret underground facility. The film received negative reviews from critics but grossed more than $102 million worldwide.
/m/0619m3	A Swingman is a basketball term denoting a player who can play both the small forward and shooting guard positions, and, in essence, swing between the shooting guard and small forward positions. Swingmen males are often between 6'5\" and 6'8\".\nJohn Havlicek, who played for the Boston Celtics in the 1960s and 70s, is an example of a swingman. However, he played before the term came widely into use.\nThe \"swingman\" concept first came into vogue in the late 1970s and early 1980s, when star players such as George \"The Iceman\" Gervin defied traditional pigeonholing into the 2 or 3 position. The best swingmen use their \"in-between\" height and athleticism to exploit defensive mismatches: they will use speed and quickness to run past bigger players, and they can post up using power and length against smaller players, or they can shoot over the top of smaller players with their jump shots.\nSome swingmen have been known to play both the small forward and shooting guard positions equally effectively, having the size and strength to play the small forward position, as well as the outside jump shot and quickness to play the shooting guard position. These swingmen prove to cause match-up problems and to be very difficult to guard due to their versatility.
/m/01_6hg	Delicatessen is a term meaning \"delicacies\" or \"fine foods\". In English, \"delicatessen\" originally meant only this specially prepared food. In time, the delicatessen store where this food was sold came to be called a delicatessen, and in this sense is often abbreviated to deli.
/m/01zg98	James Brolin is an American actor, producer and director, best known for his roles in film and television, including sitcoms and soap operas. He is the father of actor Josh Brolin and husband of singer/actress Barbra Streisand.
/m/0g5qmbz	Pina is a 2011 German 3D documentary film about the contemporary dance choreographer Pina Bausch. It was directed by Wim Wenders. The film premiered Out of Competition at the 61st Berlin International Film Festival.\nDuring the preparation of the documentary, Pina Bausch died unexpectedly. Wenders cancelled the film production, but the other dancers of Tanztheater Wuppertal convinced him to make the film anyway. It showcases these dancers, who talk about Pina and perform some of her best-known pieces, inside the Tanztheater Wuppertal and in various outdoor locations around the city of Wuppertal.
/m/02yplc	Molly Helen Shannon is an American comic actress best known for her work as a cast member on Saturday Night Live from 1995 to 2001 and for starring in the films Superstar and Year of the Dog. More recently, she starred in NBC's Kath & Kim from 2008 to 2009 and on the TBS animated series Neighbors from Hell. Throughout Shannon's career she has appeared in a number of films in supporting roles.
/m/03d3ht	Mobile Suit Gundam SEED Destiny is an anime television series, acting as a sequel of Mobile Suit Gundam SEED by Sunrise. It retains most of the staff from Gundam SEED, including Director Mitsuo Fukuda. Set two years after the original Mobile Suit Gundam SEED, the plot follows the new character Shinn Asuka, a soldier from ZAFT, composed of humans born genetically enhanced labelled as Coordinators. As ZAFT is about to enter into another war against the regular human race, the Naturals, the series focuses on Shinn's as well as various returning characters' involvement in the war. The series spanned 50 episodes, aired in Japan from October 9, 2004 to October 1, 2005 on the Japan News Network television stations Tokyo Broadcasting System and Mainichi Broadcasting System.\nIn December 2005, Sunrise aired a special episode that remade the events from the series' last episode. A series of four films compilating the series has also been released in Japan. Gundam SEED was adapted into various manga adaptations and light novels published by Kodansha and Kadokawa Shoten. Bandai Entertainment licensed the series for North America release, and has published it in DVD volumes. Some episodes also aired in Canada, while the compilations films were also released in DVDs. The first manga was licensed and published by Del Rey Manga. Various types of merchandising have also been released, including CD soundtracks and video games.
/m/057xkj_	The Cincinnati Bearcats football program represents the University of Cincinnati in college football. They compete at the NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision level as members of the American Athletic Conference. The Bearcat football program is one of the nation's oldest, having fielded a team as early as 1885. In 1888, Cincinnati played Miami University in the first intercollegiate football game held within the state of Ohio. That began a rivalry which today ranks as the eighth-oldest and 11th-longest running in NCAA Division I college football.\nSid Gillman, a member of the College and National Football League hall of fame shrines, was the architect of one of the top eras of Cincinnati football history. He directed the Bearcats to three conference titles and a pair of bowl game appearances during his six seasons before leaving for the professional ranks. Cincinnati, with Gillman developing the passing offenses which would make him successful in the pro ranks, became known for its aerial attack in the early 1950s.\nIn 1968, the Bearcats were the nation’s top passing team. Quarterback Greg Cook was the NCAA’s total offense leader with receiver/kicker Jim O'Brien the national scoring champ. A year later, Cook earned Rookie of the Year honors as a Cincinnati Bengal. Two years later, O’Brien kicked the game-winning field goal for the Baltimore Colts in the Super Bowl.
/m/01cpqk	María de Lourdes Villiers \"Mia\" Farrow is an American actress, activist and former fashion model.\nFarrow first gained notice for her role as Allison MacKenzie in the television soap opera Peyton Place and gained further recognition for her subsequent short-lived marriage to Frank Sinatra. An early film role, as Rosemary in Roman Polanski's Rosemary's Baby, saw her nominated for a BAFTA and a Golden Globe for Best Actress. She went on to appear in films such as John and Mary, Follow Me!, The Great Gatsby and Death on the Nile.\nFarrow was in a relationship with actor-director Woody Allen from 1980 to 1992 and appeared in twelve of his thirteen films over that period, including Zelig, Broadway Danny Rose, The Purple Rose of Cairo, Hannah and Her Sisters, Radio Days, Crimes and Misdemeanors, Alice and Husbands and Wives. Her later film roles include Widows' Peak, The Omen, Be Kind Rewind, Dark Horse and Luc Besson's Arthur series.\nFarrow has appeared in more than 50 films and won numerous awards, including a Golden Globe award, received seven additional Golden Globe nominations, three BAFTA nominations and a best actress award at the San Sebastian International Film Festival. Farrow is also known for her extensive work as a UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador. She is involved in humanitarian activities in Darfur, Chad, and the Central African Republic. In 2008, Time magazine named her one of the most influential people in the world.
/m/0283d	Drum and bass is a type of electronic music which emerged in England in the mid-1990s. The genre is characterized by fast breakbeats with heavy bass and sub-bass lines.
/m/01bzw5	Loyola Marymount University is a private, co-educational university in the Jesuit and Marymount traditions located in Los Angeles, California, United States. The university is one of 28 member institutions of the Association of Jesuit Colleges and Universities and one of five Marymount institutions of higher education.\nLoyola Marymount University traces its history through Loyola University, founded in 1911 as the successor to St. Vincent's College which was founded in 1865, and Marymount College, founded in 1933 with its roots in Marymount School which was founded in 1923. Loyola Marymount, which sits atop the bluffs overlooking Marina Del Rey and Playa Del Rey is the parent school to Loyola Law School located in downtown Los Angeles.\nAs of 2010, Loyola Marymount is one of the largest Roman Catholic universities on the West Coast with just over 9,000 undergraduate, graduate and law school students.
/m/02rjjll	The 50th Annual Grammy Awards took place at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, on February 10, 2008. It honored musical achievement of 2007 in which albums were released between October 1, 2006 through September 30, 2007. The primary ceremonies were televised in the US on CBS; however, as has become the custom, most of the awards were handed out during a pre-telecast portion of the show held at the Los Angeles Convention Center and broadcast on XM Satellite Radio. Two nights prior to the show Aretha Franklin was honored as the MusiCares Person of the Year.\nThe year's big winner was Amy Winehouse: the 24-year-old singer had recently entered a drug rehabilitation program and did not come to Los Angeles. American officials initially refused her a work visa; they reversed the decision, but by then it was too late for her to make the trip from the UK. She became the fifth female solo artist to get five awards in one night, behind Lauryn Hill, Norah Jones, Alicia Keys, and Beyoncé.\nThe golden anniversary of the Grammys and NARAS was noted in references and performances throughout this year's ceremony. Alicia Keys was the evening's opening musician, singing and playing piano alongside archived video and audio of Frank Sinatra. Other collaborative performances linking contemporary and past musicians included Beyoncé with Tina Turner, Rihanna with The Time, classical pianist Lang Lang with jazz pianist Herbie Hancock, and inaugural Grammy winner Keely Smith with Kid Rock. Special recognition of the musical contributions of The Beatles also featured.
/m/07s6tbm	Pamela Fryman is an American sitcom director and producer. She is best known for directing all but twelve episodes of the hit series How I Met Your Mother.
/m/0fb_1	Herkimer County is a county located in the U.S. state of New York. It was created in 1791 north of the Mohawk River out of part of Montgomery County. As of the 2010 census, the population was 64,519. It is named after General Nicholas Herkimer, who died from battle wounds in 1777 after taking part in the Battle of Oriskany during the Revolutionary War. Its county seat is the Village of Herkimer.\nHerkimer County is part of the Utica-Rome, NY Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/0fkv5	Cichlids are fish from the family Cichlidae in the order Perciformes. Cichlids are members of a group known as the Labroidei, along with the wrasses, damselfishes, and surfperches. This family is both large and diverse. At least 1,650 species have been scientifically described, making it one of the largest vertebrate families. New species are discovered frequently, and many species remain undescribed. The actual number of species is therefore unknown, with estimates varying between 2,000 and 3,000. Cichlids are among the most popular freshwater fish kept in the home aquarium.
/m/0347db	Neil Patrick Harris is an American actor, producer, and director. He is known for playing Barney Stinson in the television comedy series How I Met Your Mother, the title character in Doogie Howser, M.D., the title role in Joss Whedon's musical Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog, and a fictional version of himself in the Harold & Kumar film series. He has also appeared in the films Starship Troopers, Beastly, The Smurfs, and The Smurfs 2.\nHarris was named as one of Time magazine's 100 most influential people in 2010, and was awarded a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in September 2011. Harris has also hosted the Tony Awards on Broadway in 2009, 2011, 2012, and 2013.
/m/0c33pl	Sherri Evonne Shepherd is an American comedian, actress, and television personality. She is one of five co-hosts on the ABC daytime talkshow The View, currently hosts the Newlywed Game, and had a recurring role as Angie Jordan on the NBC series 30 Rock. As an actress, she has starred in the sitcom Less than Perfect and her own sitcom Sherri on Lifetime. Shepherd previously had a recurring role on the sitcom Everybody Loves Raymond as police Sgt. Judy Potterbrother, the partner of officer Robert Barone.
/m/060j8b	John Burke Krasinski is an American actor, film director, and writer. He is known for playing Jim Halpert on the NBC sitcom The Office. He has appeared in many films, including Away We Go, Leatherheads, License to Wed, Big Miracle, Something Borrowed, It's Complicated, and Promised Land.
/m/0j3b	The Atlantic Ocean is the world's second largest ocean. Only the Pacific Ocean is larger. With a total area of about 106,400,000 square kilometres, it covers approximately 20 percent of the Earth's surface and about 29 percent of its water surface area. The first part of its name refers to Atlas of Greek mythology, making the Atlantic the \"Sea of Atlas\".\nThe oldest known mention of \"Atlantic\" is in The Histories of Herodotus around 450 BC: Atlantis thalassa. The term Ethiopic Ocean, derived from Ethiopia, was applied to the southern Atlantic as late as the mid-19th century. Before Europeans discovered other oceans, the term \"ocean\" itself was synonymous with the waters beyond the Strait of Gibraltar that we now know as the Atlantic. The early Greeks believed this ocean to be a gigantic river encircling the world.\nThe Atlantic Ocean occupies an elongated, S-shaped basin extending longitudinally between Eurasia and Africa to the east, and the Americas to the west. As one component of the interconnected global ocean, it is connected in the north to the Arctic Ocean, to the Pacific Ocean in the southwest, the Indian Ocean in the southeast, and the Southern Ocean in the south. The equator subdivides it into the North Atlantic Ocean and South Atlantic Ocean.
/m/0cvw9	Kolkata is the capital of the Indian state of West Bengal. Located on the east bank of the Hooghly river, it is the principal commercial, cultural, and educational centre of East India, while the Port of Kolkata is India's oldest operating port as well as its sole major riverine port. As of 2011, the city had 4.5 million residents; the urban agglomeration, which comprises the city and its suburbs, was home to approximately 14.1 million, making it the third-most populous metropolitan area in India. As of 2008, its economic output as measured by gross domestic product ranked third among South Asian cities, behind Mumbai and Delhi. As a growing metropolitan city in a developing country, Kolkata confronts substantial urban pollution, traffic congestion, poverty, overpopulation, and other logistic and socioeconomic problems.\nIn the late 17th century, the three villages that predated Kolkata were ruled by the Nawab of Bengal under Mughal suzerainty. After the Nawab granted the East India Company a trading license in 1690, the area was developed by the Company into an increasingly fortified mercantile base. Nawab Siraj ud-Daulah occupied Kolkata in 1756, and the East India Company retook it in the following year and by 1772 assumed full sovereignty. Under East India Company and later under the British Raj, Kolkata served as the capital of India until 1911, when its perceived geographical disadvantages, combined with growing nationalism in Bengal, led to a shift of the capital to New Delhi. The city was the centre of the Indian independence movement; it remains a hotbed of contemporary state politics. Following Indian independence in 1947, Kolkata—which was once the centre of modern Indian education, science, culture, and politics—witnessed several decades of relative economic stagnation. Since the early 2000s, an economic rejuvenation has led to accelerated growth.
/m/01w3lzq	Catherine \"Kate\" Bush, CBE is an English singer-songwriter, musician and record producer. Her eclectic musical style and idiosyncratic vocal style have made her one of the United Kingdom's most successful solo female performers of the past 35 years.\nIn 1978, at the age of 19, Bush topped the UK Singles Chart for four weeks with her debut single \"Wuthering Heights\", becoming the first woman to have a UK number one with a self-written song. She has since released ten albums, three of which topped the UK Albums Chart. She has had 25 UK Top 40 hit singles, including the Top 10 hits \"Wuthering Heights\", \"The Man with the Child in His Eyes\", \"Babooshka\", \"Running Up that Hill\", \"Don't Give Up\" and \"King of the Mountain\".\nIn 1987, she won a Brit Award for Best British Female Solo Artist, and in 2002, her song writing ability was recognised with an Ivor Novello Award for Outstanding Contribution to British Music. During the course of her career, she has also been nominated for three Grammy Awards. After her 1979 tour – the only concert tour of her career – Bush released the 1980 album Never for Ever, which made her the first British solo female artist to top the UK album charts and the first female artist ever to enter the album chart at Number 1. She is also the first female artist to have Top 5 albums in the UK charts in five successive decades.
/m/01h7bb	The Last Samurai is a 2003 American epic war film directed and co-produced by Edward Zwick, who also co-wrote the screenplay with John Logan. The film stars Tom Cruise, who also co-produced, as well as Ken Watanabe, Shin Koyamada, Tony Goldwyn, Hiroyuki Sanada, Timothy Spall and Billy Connolly. Inspired by a project by Vincent Ward, it interested Zwick, with Ward later serving as executive producer. The film production went ahead with Zwick and was shot in Ward’s native New Zealand.\nCruise portrays an American officer, whose personal and emotional conflicts bring him into contact with samurai warriors in the wake of the Meiji Restoration in 19th Century Japan. The film's plot was inspired by the 1877 Satsuma Rebellion led by Saigō Takamori, and on the westernization of Japan by colonial powers, though this is largely attributed to the United States in the film for American audiences. It is also based on the stories of Jules Brunet, a French army captain who fought alongside Enomoto Takeaki in the earlier Boshin War and Frederick Townsend Ward, an American mercenary who helped Westernize the Chinese army by forming the Ever Victorious Army.\nThe Last Samurai was well received upon its release, with a worldwide box office total of $456 million. It was nominated for several awards, including four Academy Awards, three Golden Globe Awards and two National Board of Review Awards.
/m/063_t	Peter Sellers, CBE, was a British film actor, comedian and singer. He appeared in the BBC Radio comedy series The Goon Show, featured on a number of hit comic songs and became known to a world-wide audience through his many film characterisations, among them Chief Inspector Clouseau in The Pink Panther series of films.\nBorn in Portsmouth, Sellers made his stage debut at the Kings Theatre, Southsea, when he was two weeks old. He began accompanying his parents in a variety act that toured the provincial theatres. He first worked as a drummer and toured around England as a member of the Entertainments National Service Association. He developed his mimicry and improvisational skills during a spell in Ralph Reader's wartime Gang Show entertainment troupe, which toured Britain and the Far East. After the war, Sellers made his radio debut in ShowTime, and eventually became a regular performer on various BBC radio shows. During the early 1950s, Sellers, along with Spike Milligan, Harry Secombe and Michael Bentine, took part in the successful radio series The Goon Show, which ended in 1960.\nSellers began as a film actor in the 1950s. Although the bulk of his work was comedic-based, often parodying characters of authority such as military officers or policemen, he also performed in other film genres and roles. Notable films demonstrating his artistic range include I'm All Right Jack; Stanley Kubrick's Lolita and Dr. Strangelove; What's New, Pussycat?; Casino Royale; The Party; Being There and the five films of the Pink Panther series. Sellers's versatility enabled him to portray a wide range of comic characters using different accents and guises, and he would often assume multiple roles within the same film, frequently with contrasting temperaments and styles. Satire and black humour were major features of many of his films, and his performances had a strong influence on a number of later comedians. Sellers garnered much critical acclaim for his work; he was nominated three times for an Academy Award, twice for the Academy Award for Best Actor for his performances in Dr. Strangelove and Being There, and once for the Academy Award for Best Live Action Short Film for The Running Jumping & Standing Still Film. He won the BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role twice, for I'm All Right Jack and for the original Pink Panther film, The Pink Panther and was nominated as Best Actor three times. In 1980 he won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy for his role in Being There, and also earned three other Golden Globe nominations in the same category. Turner Classic Movies calls Sellers, \"one of the most accomplished comic actors of the late 20th century.\"
/m/08xwck	David Shore is a Canadian writer, and former lawyer, best known for his work writing and producing in television. Shore became known for his work on Family Law, NYPD Blue and Due South, also producing many episodes of the latter. He went on to create the critically acclaimed series, House.
/m/07b3r9	Charles Anthony \"Tony\" Thomas is an American television and film producer, who has produced TV series Nurses, Herman's Head, Blossom, Empty Nest, Benson, Beauty and the Beast, The Golden Girls, It's a Living, as well as Dead Poets Society.\nThomas is the son of Danny Thomas, and the younger brother of actresses Terre Thomas and Marlo Thomas. He married Ann Souder in 2005 in Montecito, California. Thomas was born in Hollywood, California.\nThomas serves as a member of the ALSAC/St. Jude Boards of Directors and Governors, directing the operation of the St. Jude Children's Research Hospital that his father had founded.
/m/04ggh49	A bay is a large body of water connected to an ocean or sea formed by an inlet of land due to the surrounding land blocking some waves and often reducing winds. Bays also exist in in-land environments as an inlet to any larger body of water, such as a lake or pond, or the estuary of a river, such as those found in and around the Great Lakes of North America, or in the estuary of the Parramatta River in Australia. A large bay may be called a gulf, a sea, a sound, or a bight. A cove is a circular or oval coastal inlet with a narrow entrance; some coves may be referred to as bays. A fjord is a particularly steep bay shaped by glacial activity.\nBays were significant in the history of human settlement because they can provide a safe place for fishing. Later they were important in the development of sea trade as the safe anchorage they provide encouraged their selection as ports. Any bay may contain fish and other sea creatures or be adjacent to other bays. For example, James Bay is adjacent to Hudson Bay. Large bays, such as the Bay of Bengal and the Hudson Bay, have varied marine geology.
/m/01kvrz	Smith College is a private, independent women's liberal arts college located in Northampton, Massachusetts, United States. It is the largest member of the Seven Sisters. In 2013, U.S. News & World Report ranked it 18th among Best Liberal Arts Colleges.\nSmith is also a member of the Five Colleges consortium, which allows its students to attend classes at four other Pioneer Valley institutions: Mount Holyoke College, Amherst College, Hampshire College, and the University of Massachusetts Amherst.
/m/0j3v	Arthur Schopenhauer was a German philosopher best known for his book, The World as Will and Representation, in which he claimed that our world is driven by a continually dissatisfied will, continually seeking satisfaction. Influenced by Eastern philosophy, he maintained that the \"truth was recognized by the sages of India\"; consequently, his solutions to suffering were similar to those of Vedantic and Buddhist thinkers. His faith in \"transcendental ideality\" led him to accept atheism.\nAt age 25, he published his doctoral dissertation, On the Fourfold Root of the Principle of Sufficient Reason, which examined the four distinct aspects of experience in the phenomenal world; consequently, he has been influential in the history of phenomenology. He has influenced many thinkers, including Friedrich Nietzsche, Richard Wagner, Otto Weininger, Ludwig Wittgenstein, Erwin Schrödinger, Albert Einstein, Sigmund Freud, Otto Rank, Carl Jung, Joseph Campbell, Leo Tolstoy, Thomas Mann, and Jorge Luis Borges, among others.
/m/0195fx	Rapid transit is a type of high-capacity public transport generally found in urban areas. Unlike buses and trams, rapid transit systems operate on an exclusive right-of-way which is usually grade separated in tunnels or elevated railways.\nModern services on rapid transit systems are provided on designated lines between stations typically using electric multiple units on rail tracks, although some systems use guided rubber tyres, magnetic levitation, or monorail. The stations typically have high platforms, without steps inside the trains, requiring custom-made trains in order to avoid gaps. They are typically integrated with other public transport and often operated by the same public transport authorities, but does not exclude a fully segregated light rail transit. It is unchallenged in its ability to transport large amounts of people quickly over short distances with little use of land. Variations of rapid transit include people movers, small-scale light metro, and the commuter rail hybrid S-Bahn.\nThe first rapid-transit system was the partially underground Metropolitan Railway which opened in 1863, and now forms part of the London Underground. In 1868, New York opened the elevated West Side and Yonkers Patent Railway, initially a cable-hauled line utilising static steam engines.
/m/024rh	Cerebrospinal fluid is a clear colorless bodily fluid found in the brain and spine. It is produced in the choroid plexus of the brain. It acts as a cushion or buffer for the cortex, providing a basic mechanical and immunological protection to the brain inside the skull, and it serves a vital function in cerebral autoregulation of cerebral blood flow.\nThe CSF occupies the subarachnoid space and the ventricular system around and inside the brain and spinal cord. It constitutes the content of the ventricles, cisterns, and sulci of the brain, as well as the central canal of the spinal cord.
/m/0f0gt_	Asian people or Asiatic people are people who descend from a portion of Asia's population.\nThere are varieties of definition and geographical data presented by organizations and individuals for classifying the Asian people.
/m/0dq9wx	Lauren Katherine Conrad, also known by her nickname L.C., is an American television personality, fashion designer, and author. Born and raised in Laguna Beach, California, she attended Laguna Beach High School. In September 2004 at the age of 18, Conrad came to prominence after being cast in the reality television series Laguna Beach: The Real Orange County, which documented the lives of her and her friends.\nAfter moving to Los Angeles to pursue a career in the fashion industry in May 2006, Conrad was commissioned to star in her own spin-off series The Hills, which chronicled the personal and professional lives of her and friends Heidi Montag, Audrina Patridge, and Whitney Port. During its production, she attended the Fashion Institute of Design & Merchandising and held positions with Teen Vogue and Kelly Cutrone's PR firm People's Revolution. As the series progressed, a widely publicized feud developed between Conrad against Montag and her boyfriend Spencer Pratt. Consequentially, the conflict became the central focus of the series, and was carried through each subsequent season in which Conrad appeared.\nIn May 2009, Conrad left The Hills after five seasons, and was replaced by former Laguna Beach cast member Kristin Cavallari. She filmed an alternate ending for the series finale in July 2010, which was broadcast in August 2013. Conrad launched the fashion lines \"LC Lauren Conrad\" and \"Paper Crown\" in 2009 and 2011, respectively. She released the L.A. Candy book trilogy in 2010 and the spin-off The Fame Game series in 2012. Conrad became engaged to musician William Tell in 2013.
/m/099bk	Martin Heidegger was a German philosopher known for his existential and phenomenological explorations of the \"question of Being\". Heidegger is known for offering a phenomenological critique of Kant. He wrote extensively on Nietzsche and Hölderlin in his later career. Heidegger's influence has been far reaching, influencing fields such as philosophy, theology, art, architecture, artificial intelligence, cultural anthropology, design, literary theory, social theory, political theory, psychiatry, and psychotherapy.\nHis best known book, Being and Time, is considered one of the most important philosophical works of the 20th century. In it and later works, Heidegger maintained that our way of questioning defines our nature. He argued that Western thinking had lost sight of being. Finding ourselves as \"always already\" moving within ontological presuppositions, we lose touch with our grasp of being and its truth becomes \"muddled\". As a solution to this condition, Heidegger advocated a change in focus from ontologies based on ontic determinants to the fundamental ontological elucidation of being-in-the-world in general, allowing it to reveal, or \"unconceal\" itself as concealment.
/m/0c61p	Calabria, known in antiquity as Bruttium or formerly as Italia, is a region in southern Italy, forming the \"toe\" of the Italian Peninsula. The capital city of Calabria is Catanzaro. The most populated city and the seat of the Calabrian Regional Council, however, is Reggio.\nIt is bordered to the north by the region of Basilicata, to the west by the Tyrrhenian Sea, and to the east by the Ionian Sea. The region covers 15,080 km² and has a population of just over 2 million. The demonym of Calabria in English is Calabrian.\nIn ancient times the name Calabria was used to refer to the southern part of Apulia, the peninsula of Salento.
/m/07t_x	Uzbekistan, officially the Republic of Uzbekistan is a landlocked country in Central Asia. Between 1924 and 1991, it was part of the Soviet Union.\nOnce part of the Persian Samanid and later Timurid empires, the region which today includes the Republic of Uzbekistan was conquered in the early 16th century by nomads who spoke an Eastern Turkic language. This region was subsequently incorporated into the Russian Empire in the 19th century, and in 1924 it became a bordered constituent republic of the Soviet Union, known as the Uzbek Soviet Socialist Republic. It subsequently became the independent Republic of Uzbekistan on August 31, 1991. Most of Uzbekistan’s population today belong to the Uzbek ethnic group and speak the Uzbek language, a language belonging to the family of Turkic languages.\nUzbekistan's economy relies mainly on commodity production, including cotton, gold, uranium, and natural gas. Despite the declared objective of transition to a market economy, its government continues to maintain economic controls which deter foreign investment and imports in favour of domestic 'import substitution'. The policy of a gradual, strictly controlled transition to the market economy has produced beneficial results in the form of economic recovery after 1995.
/m/0g9wd99	The National Book Award for Fiction is one of four annual National Book Awards, which recognize outstanding literary work by United States citizens. Since 1987 they have been administered and presented by the National Book Foundation, but they are awards \"by writers to writers\". The panelists are five \"writers who are known to be doing great work in their genre or field\".\nGeneral fiction was one of four categories when the awards were re-established in 1950. For several years beginning 1980, prior to the Foundation, there were multiple fiction categories: hardcover, paperback, first novel or first work of fiction; from 1981 to 1983 hardcover and paperback children's fiction; and only in 1980 five awards to mystery fiction, science fiction, and western fiction. When the Foundation celebrated the 60th postwar awards in 2009, all but three of the 77 previous winners in fiction categories were in print. The 77 included all eight 1980 winners but excluded the 1981 to 1983 children's fiction winners.\nThe award recognizes one book written by a U.S. citizen and published in the U.S. from December 1 to November 30. The National Book Foundation accepts nominations from publishers until June 15, requires mailing nominated books to the panelists by August 1, and announces five finalists in October. The winner is announced on the day of the final ceremony in November. The award is $10,000 and a bronze sculpture; other finalists get $1000, a medal, and a citation written by the panel.
/m/01zzk4	The Royal Military Academy at Woolwich, in south-east London, was a British Army military academy for the training of commissioned officers of the Royal Artillery and Royal Engineers. It later also trained officers of the Royal Corps of Signals and other technical corps.
/m/0sz28	Sean Justin Penn is an American actor, screenwriter, film director, activist, and politician. He is known for his left-wing political and social activism, including humanitarian work. He is a two-time Academy Award winner for his roles in Mystic River and Milk, as well as the recipient of a Golden Globe Award for the former and a Screen Actors Guild Award for the latter.\nPenn began his acting career in television with a brief appearance in a 1974 episode of Little House on the Prairie, directed by his father Leo Penn. Following his film debut in 1981's Taps and a diverse range of film roles in the 1980s, Penn emerged as a prominent leading actor with the 1995 drama film Dead Man Walking, for which he earned his first Academy Award nomination and the Best Actor Award at the Berlin Film Festival. Penn received another two Oscar nominations for Sweet and Lowdown and I Am Sam, before winning his first Academy Award for Best Actor in 2003 for Mystic River and a second one in 2008 for Milk. He has also won a Best Actor Award of the Cannes Film Festival for She's So Lovely, and two Best Actor Awards at the Venice Film Festival for Hurlyburly and 21 Grams.
/m/0bvn25	Knocked Up is a 2007 American romantic comedy-drama co-produced, written, and directed by Judd Apatow. The films stars Seth Rogen, Katherine Heigl, Paul Rudd, and Leslie Mann. It follows the repercussions of a drunken one-night stand between Rogen's slacker character and Heigl's just-promoted media personality that results in an unintended pregnancy. A spin-off sequel, This Is 40, was released in 2012.
/m/01xbld	Middlesbrough is a large town situated on the south bank of the River Tees in north-east England, that sits within the ceremonial county of North Yorkshire. The local council, a unitary authority, is Middlesbrough Borough Council. It is part of the larger built-up area of Teesside with an overall population of 376,333 according to the 2011 census.\nFrom 1889, Middlesbrough was a county borough in the North Riding of Yorkshire, but in 1968 it became the centre of the County Borough of Teesside, which was then absorbed by the non-metropolitan county of Cleveland in 1974. In 1996, Cleveland was abolished, and Middlesbrough became a unitary authority, within the ceremonial county of North Yorkshire.\n\"Erimus\", in Latin, was chosen as Middlesbrough's motto in 1830, to signify the town's will to grow. The town's coat of arms show an azure lion beneath 2 ships to represent the port of Middlesbrough. The design is based on that of the Brus family who owned the site on which Middlesbrough is built.
/m/0wp9b	Natchez is the only city and county seat of Adams County, Mississippi, United States. Natchez has a total population of 15,792. Located on the Mississippi River some 90 miles southwest of Jackson, the capital of Mississippi, and 85 miles north of Baton Rouge, Louisiana, it is the 25th-largest city in the state. It is named for the Natchez tribe of Native Americans whose territory it was. They resisted the Europeans in the eighteenth century.\nEstablished by French colonists in 1716, Natchez is one of the oldest and most important European settlements in the lower Mississippi River Valley; it later served as the capital of the Mississippi Territory under the United States and then the state of Mississippi. It predates Jackson which replaced Natchez as the capital in 1822, by more than a century. The strategic location of Natchez, on a bluff overlooking the Mississippi River, ensured that it would become a pivotal center of trade, commerce, and the interchange of ethnic Native American, European, and African cultures in the region for the first two centuries of its existence. In U.S. history, it is recognized particularly for its role in the development of the Old Southwest during the first half of the nineteenth century. It was the southern terminus of the historic Natchez Trace. This was used by many pilots of flatboats and keelboats to return north to their homes in the Ohio River Valley after unloading their cargo in the city. Today the modern Natchez Trace Parkway, which commemorates this route, still has its southern terminus in Natchez.
/m/044n3h	Yunjin Kim is an American film and theater actress born in South Korea. Although she is best known in the English-speaking world for her role as Sun on the American television series Lost, Kim has also appeared in numerous film and TV projects in South Korea.\nShe currently stars as Karen Kim in ABC drama series Mistresses.
/m/030dr	Francis Bacon, 1st Viscount St. Alban, QC, was an English philosopher, statesman, scientist, jurist, orator, essayist, and author. He served both as Attorney General and Lord Chancellor of England. After his death, he remained extremely influential through his works, especially as philosophical advocate and practitioner of the scientific method during the scientific revolution.\nBacon has been called the creator of empiricism. His works established and popularised inductive methodologies for scientific inquiry, often called the Baconian method, or simply the scientific method. His demand for a planned procedure of investigating all things natural marked a new turn in the rhetorical and theoretical framework for science, much of which still surrounds conceptions of proper methodology today.\nBacon was knighted in 1603, and created Baron Verulam in 1618 and Viscount St. Alban in 1621; as he died without heirs, both peerages became extinct upon his death. He famously died by contracting pneumonia while studying the effects of freezing on the preservation of meat.
/m/088_kf	Unione Sportiva Grosseto Football Club is a professional Italian association football club, based in the city of Grosseto, Tuscany. The club was founded in 1912. The team's most associated nickname is grifone, after its logo, depicting a griffon. Its colors are red and white.\nIn 2006–07 Grosseto played in Serie C1 and placed first in division A, earning a direct promotion to Serie B.\n2007–08 marked the team's first-ever appearance in Serie B.
/m/0fq27fp	Wuthering Heights is a 2011 British romantic drama film directed by Andrea Arnold and starring Kaya Scodelario as Catherine and James Howson as Heathcliff. The screenplay, written by Andrea Arnold and Olivia Hetreed, is based on Emily Brontë's 1847 novel of the same name. As in most other film adaptations, the novel's second half, about the romance between Catherine Linton and Linton Heathcliff, is omitted. However, in addition, this version omitted the first three chapters of the novel, including the Mr Lockwood character.
/m/015srx	The Jackson 5, later known as The Jacksons, were an American popular music family group from Gary, Indiana. Founding group members Jackie Jackson, Tito Jackson, Jermaine Jackson, Marlon Jackson and Michael Jackson formed the group after performing in an early incarnation called The Jackson Brothers, which originally consisted of a trio of the three older brothers. Active from 1964 to 1990, the Jacksons played from a repertoire of R&B, soul, pop and disco. During their six-and-a-half-year Motown tenure, The Jackson 5 was one of the biggest pop-music acts of the 1970s, and the band served as the launching pad for the solo careers of their lead singers Jermaine and Michael, the latter brother later transforming his early Motown solo fame into greater success as an adult artist. The Jackson 5/The Jacksons have sold 100 million records worldwide, making them one of the best-selling music artists of all time.\nThe Jackson 5 was one of few in recording history to have their first four major label singles reach the top of the Billboard Hot 100. Several later singles, among them \"Mama's Pearl\", \"Never Can Say Goodbye\" and \"Dancing Machine\", were Top 5 pop hits and number-one hits on the R&B singles chart. Most of the early hits were written and produced by a specialized songwriting team known as \"The Corporation\"; later Jackson 5 hits were crafted chiefly by Hal Davis, while early Jacksons hits were compiled by the team of Gamble and Huff before The Jacksons began writing and producing themselves in the late 1970s.
/m/02rwmk	The Bosnian War was an international armed conflict that took place in Bosnia and Herzegovina between 1 March 1992 and 14 December 1995. The war involved several factions. The main belligerents were the forces of the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina and those of the self-proclaimed Bosnian Serb and Bosnian Croat entities within Bosnia and Herzegovina, Republika Srpska and Herzeg-Bosnia, who were led and supplied by Serbia and Croatia respectively.\nThe war came about as a result of the breakup of Yugoslavia. Following the Slovenian and Croatian secessions from the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia in 1991, the multi-ethnic Socialist Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina, which was inhabited by Muslim Bosniaks, Orthodox Serbs and Catholic Croats, passed a referendum for independence on 29 February 1992. This was rejected by the political representatives of the Bosnian Serbs, who had boycotted the referendum and established their own republic. Following Bosnia and Herzegovina's declaration of independence, the Bosnian Serbs, supported by the Serbian government of Slobodan Milošević and the Yugoslav People's Army, mobilized their forces inside the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina in order to secure Serbian territory, then war soon broke out across the country, accompanied by the ethnic cleansing of the Muslim Bosniak and Croat population, especially in eastern Bosnia and throughout the Republika Srpska.
/m/0d1qn	Aspen is a city in and the county seat of Pitkin County, Colorado, United States. It is situated in a remote area of the Rocky Mountains' Sawatch Range and Elk Mountains, along the Roaring Fork River at an elevation just below 8,000 feet above sea level on the Western Slope, 11 miles west of the Continental Divide. As of the 2010 census, there were 6,658 permanent residents.\nFounded as a mining camp during the Colorado Silver Boom and later named \"Aspen\" because of the abundance of aspen trees in the area, the city boomed during the 1880s, its first decade of existence. That early era ended when the Panic of 1893 led to a collapse in the silver market, and the city began a half-century known as \"the quiet years\" during which its population steadily declined, reaching a nadir of less than a thousand by 1930. Aspen's fortunes reversed in the mid-20th century when neighboring Aspen Mountain was developed into a ski resort, and industrialist Walter Paepcke bought many properties in the city and redeveloped them. Today it is home to three renowned institutions, two of which Paepcke helped found, that have international importance: the Aspen Music Festival and School, the Aspen Institute, and the Aspen Center for Physics.
/m/0wq36	Biloxi, officially the City of Biloxi, is a city in Harrison County, Mississippi. The 2010 United States Census recorded the population as 44,054. Along with the adjoining city of Gulfport, Biloxi is a county seat of Harrison County.\nThe city is part of the Gulfport-Biloxi metropolitan area and the Gulfport-Biloxi-Pascagoula, Mississippi Combined Statistical Area. Pre-Katrina, Biloxi was the third largest city in Mississippi behind Jackson and Gulfport; with its population losses following that storm, it was passed by Hattiesburg and Southaven, so Biloxi is now ranked fifth in the state.\nThe beachfront of Biloxi lies directly on the Mississippi Sound, with barrier islands scattered off the coast and into the Gulf of Mexico. Keesler Air Force Base lies within the city and is home to the 81st Training Wing and the 403d Wing of the U.S. Air Force Reserve.
/m/02kcz	Equatorial Guinea, officially the Republic of Equatorial Guinea, is a small country located in Central Africa, with an area of 28,000 square kilometres. It has two parts, an insular and a mainland region. The insular region consists of the islands of Bioko in the Gulf of Guinea and Annobón, a small volcanic island south of the equator. Bioko island is the northernmost part of Equatorial Guinea and is the site of the country's capital, Malabo. The island nation of São Tomé and Príncipe is located between Bioko and Annobón. The mainland region, Río Muni, is bordered by Cameroon on the north and Gabon on the south and east. It also includes several small offshore islands.\nFormerly the colony of Spanish Guinea, its post-independence name evokes its location near both the equator and the Gulf of Guinea. Apart from the Spanish territories of Canary Islands, Ceuta and Melilla on the coast of Morocco, and Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic, it is the only country in Africa whose de jure official language is Spanish.
/m/0cbd2	A writer is a person who uses written words in various styles and techniques to communicate ideas. Writers produce various forms of literary art and creative writing such as novels, short stories, poetry, plays, news articles, screenplays, or essays. Skilled writers are able to use language to express ideas and their work contributes significantly to the cultural content of a society. The word is also used elsewhere in the arts – such as songwriter – but as a standalone term, \"writer\" normally refers to the creation of written language.\nWriters can produce material across a number of genres, fictional or non-fictional. Other writers use multiple media – for example, graphics or illustration – to enhance the communication of their ideas. Another recent demand has been created by civil and government readers for the work of non-fictional technical writers, whose skills create understandable, interpretive documents of a practical or scientific nature. Some writers may use images or multimedia to augment their writing. In rare instances, a creative writer is able to communicate their ideas via music as well as words.\nAs well as producing their own written works, writers often write on how they write;why they write; and also comment on the work of other writers. Writers work professionally or non-professionally, that is, for payment or without payment and may be paid either in advance, or only after their work is published. Payment is only one of the motivations of writers and many are never paid for their work.
/m/0d0mbj	Rabindranath Tagore [rəˈbindrəˈnɑt ˈtɑɡɔr], also written Ravīndranātha Thākura [rəˈvindrəˈnɑtə ˈtɑkʊrə], sobriquet Gurudev, was a Bengali polymath who reshaped his region's literature and music. Author of Gitanjali and its \"profoundly sensitive, fresh and beautiful verse\", he became the first non-European to win the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1913. In translation his poetry was viewed as spiritual and mercurial; however, his \"elegant prose and magical poetry\" remain largely unknown outside Bengal. Tagore introduced new prose and verse forms and the use of colloquial language into Bengali literature, thereby freeing it from traditional models based on classical Sanskrit. He was highly influential in introducing the best of Indian culture to the West and vice versa, and he is generally regarded as the outstanding creative artist of modern South Asia.\nA Pirali Brahmin from Calcutta, Tagore wrote poetry as an eight-year-old. At age sixteen, he released his first substantial poems under the pseudonym Bhānusiṃha, which were seized upon by literary authorities as long-lost classics. He graduated to his first short stories and dramas—and the aegis of his birth name—by 1877. As a humanist, universalist internationalist, and strident anti-nationalist he denounced the Raj and advocated independence from Britain. As an exponent of the Bengal Renaissance, he advanced a vast canon that comprised paintings, sketches and doodles, hundreds of texts, and some two thousand songs; his legacy endures also in the institution he founded, Visva-Bharati University.
/m/07_grx	Roy Webb was an American film music composer.\nWebb has hundreds of film music credits to his name, mainly with RKO Pictures. He is best known for film noir and horror film scores, in particular for the films of Val Lewton.
/m/0353xq	Quadrophenia is a 1979 British film, loosely based on the 1973 rock opera of the same name by The Who. The film stars Phil Daniels as Jimmy, a Mod. It was directed by Franc Roddam in his feature directing début. Unlike the film adaptation of Tommy, Quadrophenia is not a musical film.
/m/0716t2	Elizabeth Casey is an actor.
/m/01t21q	Chelsea is an affluent area in west London, bounded to the south by the River Thames, where its frontage runs from Chelsea Bridge along the Chelsea Embankment, Cheyne Walk, Lots Road and Chelsea Harbour. Its eastern boundary was once defined by the River Westbourne, which is now in a pipe above Sloane Square tube station. The modern eastern boundary is Chelsea Bridge Road and the lower half of Sloane Street, including Sloane Square, along with parts of Belgravia. To the north and northwest, the area fades into Knightsbridge and South Kensington, but it is safe to say that the area north of King's Road as far northwest as Fulham Road is part of Chelsea.\nThe district is part of the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea. From 1900, and until the creation of Greater London in 1965, it formed the Metropolitan Borough of Chelsea in the County of London.\nThe exclusivity of Chelsea as a result of its high property prices has historically resulted in the term Sloane Ranger to be used to describe its residents. From 2011, Channel 4 has broadcast a reality television show called Made in Chelsea, documenting the \"glitzy\" lives of several young people living in Chelsea. Moreover, Chelsea is home to one of the largest communities of Americans living outside of the United States, with 6.53% of Chelsea-residents being born in the United States.
/m/0m2rv	Flint is a city in the state of Michigan, located along the Flint River, 66 miles northwest of Detroit. According to the 2010 census, Flint has a population of 102,434, making it the seventh largest city in Michigan.\nFlint is the county seat of Genesee County and a principal city in Central Michigan. Genesee County comprises the entirety of Flint's metropolitan area, the fourth largest metropolitan area in Michigan with a population of 425,790 in 2010.\nFlint is best known as the birthplace of General Motors, and was the home of the Flint Sit-Down Strike of 1936–37 that played a vital role in the formation of the United Auto Workers. However, since 2007 it has been known for its high crime rates. It has also been in a financial emergency since 2011.
/m/01fh9	Billy Bob Thornton is an American actor, screenwriter, director and musician.\nThornton made his first break with co-writing and starring in 1992 film One False Move which made into several Top 10 lists of 1992 and earned him an Independent Spirit Award nomination. He also appeared in CBS sitcom Hearts Afire and starred in several 1990s films in supporting or small roles including For the Boys, Blood in Blood Out, Indecent Proposal, Dead Man, and Tombstone.\nHe came to international attention after writing, directing, and starring in the highly acclaimed independent film Sling Blade, for which he won an Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay and nominated for Academy Award for Best Actor. He appeared in several major film roles following Sling Blade's success, including 1998's highest grossing film Armageddon and A Simple Plan which earned him his third Academy Award nomination among many other accolades. He earned strong critical acclaim for his following works Monster's Ball, Bandits, The Man Who Wasn't There and Bad Santa. Thornton's other notable films include The Apostle, U Turn, Primary Colors, Pushing Tin, Intolerable Cruelty, Love Actually, Friday Night Lights and Eagle Eye.
/m/0c11mj	Mauricio Ricardo Pinilla Ferrera is a Chilean professional footballer who plays for Cagliari Calcio in Italy, as a striker.\nAfter beginning his career at Universidad de Chile, he signed for Inter Milan at the age of 19, but never appeared for the club in four years. He went on to play in five countries, without really settling anywhere.
/m/05tk7y	Rodrigo Junqueira dos Reis Santoro is a Brazilian actor. He has appeared in many successful movies, including Brainstorm, Carandiru, Love Actually, 300, Che, I Love You Phillip Morris and Rio. He was also a series regular on the Television series Lost portraying the character Paulo.
/m/0727_	Stuttgart is the capital of the state of Baden-Württemberg in southern Germany. The sixth-largest city in Germany, Stuttgart has a population of 613,392 while the metropolitan area has a population of 5.3 million. With over 5 million inhabitants, the greater Stuttgart Metropolitan Region is the fourth-biggest in Germany after the Rhine-Ruhr area, Berlin/Brandenburg and Frankfurt/Rhine-Main. The city lies at the centre of a densely populated area, surrounded by a ring of smaller towns. This area called Stuttgart Region has a population of 2.7 million. Stuttgart's urban area has a population of roughly 1.8 million, making it Germany's seventh largest.\nStuttgart is spread across a variety of hills, valleys and parks – unusual for a German city and often a source of surprise to visitors who primarily associate the city with its industrial reputation as the 'cradle of the automobile'. Stuttgart has the status of Stadtkreis, a type of self-administrating urban county. It is also the seat of the state legislature, the regional parliament, the local council and the Protestant State Church in Württemberg as well as one of the two co-seats of the bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Rottenburg-Stuttgart.
/m/0ks67	Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey, commonly referred to as Rutgers University, Rutgers, or RU, is an American public research university and the largest institution for higher education in New Jersey in the United States.\nOriginally chartered as Queen's College on 10 November 1766, Rutgers is the eighth-oldest college in the United States and one of the nine \"Colonial Colleges\" founded before the American Revolution. The college was renamed Rutgers College in 1825 in honour of Colonel Henry Rutgers, a New York City landowner, philanthropist and former military officer, whose generous donation to the school allowed it reopen after years of financial difficulty. For most of its existence, Rutgers was a private liberal arts college affiliated with the Dutch Reformed Church and admitted only male students. The college expanded its role in research and instruction in agriculture, engineering, and science when it was named as the state's sole land-grant college in 1864 under the Morrill Act of 1862. It gained university status in 1924 with the introduction of graduate education and further expansion. However, Rutgers evolved into a coeducational public research university after being designated \"The State University of New Jersey\" by the New Jersey Legislature in laws enacted in 1945 and 1956. It is one of only two colonial colleges that later became public universities.
/m/01rr31	De La Salle University is a private Lasallian university in Taft Avenue, Malate, Manila, Philippines. It was founded in 1911 by De La Salle Brothers as the De La Salle College in Paco, Manila with Blimond Pierre serving as its first director. The college moved on September 1921 to its present location to facilitate increase in enrollment. DLSU, granted university status on February 1975, is the oldest constituent of De La Salle Philippines, a network of 17 Lasallian institutions established in 2006 to replace the De La Salle University System.,\nThe university started as a boys' elementary and high school. It started offering in 1920 a two-year Associate in Arts in Commerce program, which was later discontinued in 1931 in favor of a Bachelor of Science in Commerce program. DLSU currently offers coeducational undergraduate and graduate degree programs through its seven colleges and one school specializing in varied disciplines, including business, engineering and liberal arts.\nThe university, currently under the administration of President Ricky Laguda, is a member of several international university associations as well as local organizations.
/m/0l2k7	Merced County, is a county located in the Central Valley of the U.S. state of California, north of Fresno and southeast of San Jose. As of the 2010 census, the population was 255,793, up from 210,554 at the 2000 census. The county seat is Merced. The county is named after the Merced River.
/m/01q7q2	The University of Vermont and State Agricultural College, more commonly known as the University of Vermont or UVM, is a public research university and, after 1862, the U.S. state of Vermont's land-grant university.The University of Vermont is labeled one of the original \"Public Ivies,\" a publicly funded university considered as providing a quality of education comparable to those of the Ivy League.\nFounded in 1791, UVM is among the oldest universities in the United States and the fifth college established in New England after Harvard, Yale, Dartmouth and Brown.\nThe university's 451-acre campus is located in Burlington. Features of the UVM campus include the historic University Green, the Dudley H. Davis Center - the first student center in the nation to receive U.S. Green Building Council LEED Gold certification - the Fleming Museum of Art, and the Gutterson/Patrick athletic complex, home to UVM's Division I athletic teams. The largest hospital complex in Vermont, Fletcher Allen Health Care, has its primary facility adjacent to the UVM campus and is affiliated with the UVM College of Medicine.
/m/0n6ds	Cruel Intentions is a 1999 American drama film starring Sarah Michelle Gellar, Ryan Phillippe, Reese Witherspoon, and Selma Blair. The film is an adaptation of Les Liaisons dangereuses, written by Pierre Choderlos de Laclos in 1782, but set among wealthy teenagers attending high school in modern New York City.\nThe film started as an independent film with a small budget, and was later picked up by Columbia Pictures. It was released on March 5, 1999 and was followed by two direct-to-video films: a prequel, Cruel Intentions 2, and a sequel, Cruel Intentions 3.
/m/0727h	The Second Punic War, also referred to as The Hannibalic War, The War Against Hannibal, or \"The Carthaginian War\", lasted from 218 to 201 BC and involved combatants in the western and eastern Mediterranean. This was the second major war between Carthage and the Roman Republic, with the crucial participation of Numidian-Berber armies and tribes on both sides. The two states had three major conflicts against each other over the course of their existence. They are called the \"Punic Wars\" because Rome's name for Carthaginians was Poeni, derived from Poenici, a reference to the founding of Carthage by Phoenician settlers.\nThe war was to a considerable extent initiated by Rome, but is marked by Hannibal's surprising overland journey and his costly crossing of the Alps, followed by his reinforcement by Gallic allies and crushing victories over Roman armies in the battle of the Trebia and the giant ambush at Trasimene. In the following year, Hannibal's army defeated the Romans again, this time in southern Italy at Cannae. In consequence of these defeats, many Roman allies went over to Carthage, prolonging the war in Italy for over a decade. Against Hannibal's skill on the battlefield, the Romans deployed the Fabian strategy. Roman forces were more capable in siegecraft than the Carthaginians and recaptured all of the major cities that had joined the enemy, as well as defeating a Carthaginian attempt to reinforce Hannibal at the battle of the Metaurus. In the meantime, in Iberia, which served as the main source of manpower for the Carthaginian army, a second Roman expedition under Publius Cornelius Scipio Africanus Major took New Carthage by assault and ended Carthaginian rule over Iberia in the battle of Ilipa. The final showdown was the Battle of Zama in Africa between Scipio Africanus and Hannibal, resulting in the latter's defeat and the imposition of harsh peace conditions on Carthage, which ceased to be a major power and became a Roman client-state.
/m/032c08	The Colombia national football team represents Colombia in international football competitions and is controlled by the Colombian Football Federation. It is a member of the CONMEBOL. It is currently ranked 5th in the FIFA World Rankings, and ranked 6th in Elo World Rankings.\nColombia has made noticeable moments throughout in their history. Former midfielder Marcos Coll is the only player in history to score an Olympic goal in a FIFA World Cup, where in the 1962 FIFA World Cup, he scored against the USSR football team. On another note, the match finished in a 4–4 tie after a spectacular coming back of Colombia from 4-0 to draw the match, making it also the biggest comeback in the history of a world cup. It is also noted that the USSR had Lev Yashin, in the starting lineup. Colombia had its strongest period during the 1990s where they were among the giants in world football. A match during this period in 1993 resulted in a 5–0 win over Argentina which caused a special 'mutual respect' rivalry between both nations. The goalkeeper René Higuita achieved fame from his eccentric scorpion kick clearance against England at Wembley in 1995. At the 2001 Copa America, Óscar Córdoba became the first and only goal keeper in history to keep a perfect clean sheet in a Copa America. Other stars from Colombia's team included Carlos Valderrama and Faustino Asprilla. During this era Colombia qualified for the 1990, 1994, and 1998 editions of the World Cup, only reaching the second round in 1990.
/m/0g64p	Cabaret is a form of entertainment featuring music, comedy, song, dance, recitation or drama. It is mainly distinguished by the performance venue, such as in a restaurant, pub or nightclub with a stage for performances. The audience, often dining or drinking, does not typically dance but usually sits at tables. Performances are usually introduced by a master of ceremonies or MC. The entertainment is often oriented towards adult audiences.\nCabaret also sometimes refers to a Mediterranean-style brothel – a bar with tables and women who mingle with and entertain the clientele. Traditionally these establishments can also feature some form of stage entertainment, often singers and dancers or burlesque entertainers.
/m/02csf	Drawing is a form of visual art that makes use of any number of drawing instruments to mark a two-dimensional medium. Instruments used include graphite pencils, pen and ink, inked brushes, wax color pencils, crayons, charcoal, chalk, pastels, various kinds of erasers, markers, styluses, and various metals. An artist who practices or works in drawing may be called a draftsman or draughtsman.\nA small amount of material is released onto a surface, leaving a visible mark. The most common support for drawing is paper, although other materials, such as cardboard, plastic, leather, canvas, and board, may be used. Temporary drawings may be made on a blackboard or whiteboard or indeed almost anything. The medium has been a popular and fundamental means of public expression throughout human history. It is one of the simplest and most efficient means of communicating visual ideas. The wide availability of drawing instruments makes drawing more common than other media.
/m/0ynfz	Fargo is the largest city in the State of North Dakota, accounting for nearly 16% of the state population. Fargo is also the county seat of Cass County. According to the 2010 census, its population was 105,549. Fargo, along with its twin city of Moorhead, Minnesota, as well as adjacent West Fargo, North Dakota and Dilworth, Minnesota, form the core of the Fargo-Moorhead, ND-MN Metropolitan Statistical Area, which in 2010 contained a population of 216,312.\nFounded in 1871, Fargo is a cultural, retail, health care, educational, and industrial center. Fargo is home to North Dakota State University. Fargo is in the Red River of the North floodplain.
/m/0416y94	Julie & Julia is a 2009 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Nora Ephron starring Meryl Streep, Stanley Tucci, Amy Adams, and Chris Messina. The film contrasts the life of chef Julia Child in the early years of her culinary career with the life of young New Yorker Julie Powell, who aspires to cook all 524 recipes in Child's cookbook in 365 days, a challenge she described on her popular blog that would make her a published author.\nEphron's screenplay is adapted from two books: My Life in France, Child's autobiography written with Alex Prud'homme, and a memoir by Powell documenting online her daily experiences cooking each of the 524 recipes in Child's Mastering the Art of French Cooking, and she later began reworking that blog, The Julie/Julia Project. Both of these books were written and published in the same time frame. The film is the first major motion picture based on a blog.\nIn March 2008, Ephron began filming with Streep as Child and Adams as Powell. On July 30, 2009, the film officially premiered at the Ziegfeld Theatre in New York; and, on August 7, 2009, it opened throughout North America. Streep and Adams previously starred together in Doubt. Streep and Tucci previously starred together in The Devil Wears Prada.
/m/0wq3z	Gulfport is the second largest city in Mississippi after the state capital Jackson. It is the larger of the two principal cities of the Gulfport-Biloxi, Mississippi Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is included in the Gulfport-Biloxi-Pascagoula, Mississippi Combined Statistical Area. As of the 2010 census, the city of Gulfport had a total population of 69,220. Gulfport is co-county seat with Biloxi of Harrison County, Mississippi. Gulfport is also home to the US Navy Atlantic Fleet Seabees.
/m/049qx	Kylie Ann Minogue, OBE, often known simply as Kylie, is an Australian singer, recording artist, songwriter and actress, working and living in London. After beginning her career as a child actress on Australian television, she achieved recognition through her role in the television soap opera Neighbours, before beginning her career as a recording artist in 1987.\nMinogue has achieved worldwide record sales of more than 70 million, and has received notable music awards, including multiple ARIA and Brit Awards and a Grammy Award. She has mounted several successful and critically acclaimed concert world tours and received a Mo Award for \"Australian Entertainer of the Year\" for her live performances. She was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire by Queen Elizabeth II in 2008 \"for services to music\". In the same year she was appointed by the French Government as a Chevalier of the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres, the junior grade of France's highest cultural honour, for her contribution to the enrichment of French culture. In 2011 her hit single \"I Should Be So Lucky\" was added to the National Film and Sound Archive of Australia's Sounds of Australia registry. The same year, Minogue was awarded an honorary Doctor of Health Science degree by Anglia Ruskin University in the United Kingdom for her work in raising awareness for breast cancer. In November 2011, on the 25th anniversary of the ARIA Music Awards, Minogue was inducted by the Australian Recording Industry Association into the ARIA Hall of Fame.
/m/06w_b	Structured programming is a programming paradigm aimed on improving the clarity, quality, and development time of a computer program by making extensive use of subroutines, block structures and for and while loops—in contrast to using simple tests and jumps such as the goto statement which could lead to \"spaghetti code\" which is both difficult to follow and to maintain.\nIt emerged in the 1960s—particularly from work by Böhm and Jacopini, and a famous letter, Go To Statement Considered Harmful, from Edsger Dijkstra in 1968—and was bolstered theoretically by the structured program theorem, and practically by the emergence of languages such as ALGOL with suitably rich control structures.
/m/0dn8b	Anne Arundel County is a county located in the U.S. state of Maryland. It is named for Anne Arundell, a member of the ancient family of Arundells in Cornwall, United Kingdom and the wife of Cæcilius Calvert, 2nd Baron Baltimore. Its county seat is Annapolis, which is also the capital of the state. As of the 2010 census, its population was 537,656, a population increase of just under 10% since 2000.\nAnne Arundel County forms part of the Baltimore-Washington metropolitan area. The center of population of Maryland is located on the county line between Anne Arundel County and Howard County, in the unincorporated community of Jessup.
/m/06c53w	Ajith Kumar is an Indian film actor working predominantly in Tamil cinema. He has won three Filmfare Best Actor Awards, all for films which showcased him in multiple roles. In addition to his acting, Ajith, in a sabbatical, participated in the 2004 British Formula Three season as a Formula Two racing driver and was ranked the third best motor car driver in India at his peak.\nHe began his career as a supporting actor in a Telugu film before gaining critical recognition in the Tamil thriller Aasai, before going on to establish himself as a romantic hero with Kadhal Kottai, Aval Varuvala and Kadhal Mannan being the most notable. He was later seen in method roles as in Vaali, Mugavaree, Kandukondain Kandukondain and Citizen before establishing himself as an action hero with popular films, including Amarkalam, Dheena, Villain, Attagasam, Varalaru, Billa, Mankatha, Arrambam and Veeram.\nAjith remains a popular figure in the media of Tamil Nadu, making headlines for his relationships before his marriage to former actress Shalini, and his controversial statements in a few occasions. His popularity and cultural influence have been compared to that of yesteryear actor M. G. Ramachandran by several veteran journalists. Ajith was listed No. 61 in Forbes India's Top 100 Celebrities for the year 2012
/m/02w59b	Club Deportivo Guadalajara; often simply known as Guadalajara, and commonly known as Chivas is a Mexican professional football club based in Guadalajara, Jalisco. Guadalajara plays in the Liga MX with 11 First Division titles, 7 Campeón de Campeones, 1 InterLiga, 1 Copa Challenger, 4 Copa Oros de Occidente, and 2 Copa México. Guadalajara is one of the ten founding members of the Mexican First Division and along with longstanding rivals Club América, it has never been relegated to the second-tier division. Most recently, Guadalajara is the runner-up of the 2010 Copa Libertadores, a feat tying with fellow Mexican club Cruz Azul in 2001.\nGuadalajara is the only football club in Mexico to exclusively field Mexican players. The team has constantly emphasized home-grown players and has been the launching pad of many internationally successful players, including Javier Hernández, Carlos Vela, Omar Bravo, and Carlos Salcido among others. The team's three colors symbolize \"Fraternity, Union, and Sports\". The team mascot, as well as their nickname, is the goat or chiva. Chivas is one of Mexico's most successful and popular teams, and holds the Mexican league record for the longest winning streak at the beginning of a season, with 8 consecutive wins.
/m/012gk9	Star Trek V: The Final Frontier is a 1989 American science fiction film released by Paramount Pictures. It is the fifth feature in the franchise and the penultimate to star the cast of the original Star Trek science fiction television series. Taking place shortly after the events of Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home, the plot follows the crew of the USS Enterprise-A as they confront a renegade Vulcan, Sybok, who is searching for God at the center of the galaxy.\nThe film was directed by cast member William Shatner, following two films directed by his co-star, Leonard Nimoy. Shatner also developed the initial storyline in which Sybok searches for God but instead finds Satan. Series creator Gene Roddenberry disliked the original script, while Nimoy and DeForest Kelley objected to the premise that their characters, Spock and Leonard McCoy, would betray Shatner's James T. Kirk. The script went through multiple revisions to please the cast and studio, including cuts in the effects-laden climax of the film. Despite a writers' guild strike cutting into the film's pre-production, Paramount commenced filming in October 1988.\nMany Star Trek veterans assisted in the production; art director Nilo Rodis developed the designs for many of the film's locales, shots and characters, while Herman Zimmerman served as production designer. Production problems plagued the film on set and during location shooting in Yosemite National Park and the Mojave Desert. As effects house Industrial Light & Magic's best crews were busy and too expensive, the production used Bran Ferren's company for the film's effects, which had to be revised several times to keep down costs. The film's ending was reworked because of poor test audience reaction and the failure of planned special effects. Jerry Goldsmith, composer for Star Trek: The Motion Picture, returned to score The Final Frontier.
/m/02qm5j	Proto-punk is a term used retrospectively to describe a number of musicians who were important precursors of punk rock in the mid-1960s to mid-1970s, or who have been cited by early punk musicians as influential. Typically, these artists were not themselves considered punk; furthermore, the typification is not widely regarded to have been the result of a distinct musical genre as these precursors came from a wide array of backgrounds, styles, and influences.\nAmerican acts like Death, The Seeds, Paul Revere & the Raiders, The Monks, The Sonics, Shadows of Knight, The Velvet Underground, The Doors, The Trashmen, MC5, The Stooges, Suicide, The Modern Lovers, New York Dolls, The Dictators, Lou Reed, Big Star, The Fugs, Television, Captain Beefheart, Patti Smith, Richard Hell, Rocket from the Tombs, and Love, German acts such as Ton Steine Scherben, Neu! and Can, Australian band Radio Birdman, and acts from the United Kingdom including The Kinks, The Troggs, The Move, The Who, David Bowie, T. Rex, Faces, Mott The Hoople, Roxy Music, Peter Hammill's Nadir's Big Chance, Doctors of Madness and Hawkwind are commonly cited as the most noteworthy artists that would ultimately influence punk.
/m/0gtzp	In the history of France, the First Republic, officially the French Republic, was founded on 22 September 1792, by the newly established National Convention. The First Republic lasted until the declaration of the First French Empire in 1804 under Napoleon I. This period was characterized by the fall of the monarchy, the establishment of the National Convention and the infamous Reign of Terror, the founding of the Directory and the Thermidorian Reaction, and finally, the creation of the Consulate and Napoleon’s rise to power.
/m/09306z	The 58th Academy Awards, honoring the best in film for 1985, were held on March 24, 1986 at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion in Los Angeles, California. They were hosted by Alan Alda, Jane Fonda and Robin Williams. The ceremony was watched by 38.93 million viewers, tying the 78th Academy Awards as the third-lowest rated telecast since 1966. The 80th Academy Awards still holds the distinction of the least watched ceremony, with 31.76 million viewers.\nAnjelica Huston's Best Supporting Actress win for Prizzi's Honor, directed by her father John Huston, made her family the first to win Oscars across three generations: John Huston had won Best Director for 1948's The Treasure of Sierra Madre, and his father, Walter Huston, won Best Supporting Actor for the same film.
/m/03wjb7	Robyn Rowan Hitchcock is an English singer-songwriter and guitarist. While primarily a vocalist and guitarist, he also plays harmonica, piano and bass guitar.\nComing to prominence in the late 1970s with The Soft Boys, Hitchcock afterward launched a prolific solo career. His musical and lyrical styles have been influenced by the likes of Bob Dylan, John Lennon and Syd Barrett. Hitchcock's lyrics tend to include surrealism, comedic elements, characterisations of English eccentrics, and melancholy depictions of everyday life.\nHe was signed to two major American labels over the course of the 1980s and '90s, but mainstream success has been limited. He has maintained a loyal cult following and has often earned strong critical reviews over a steady stream of album releases and live performances.
/m/0d34_	Regensburg is a city in Bavaria, Germany, located at the confluence of the Danube and Regen rivers, at one of the northernmost points of the Danube. To the east lies the Bavarian Forest. Regensburg is the capital of the Bavarian administrative region Upper Palatinate. The large medieval centre of the city is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
/m/0bpbhm	Cookie's Fortune is a 1999 criminal comedy film directed by Robert Altman and starring an ensemble cast, including Glenn Close, Julianne Moore, Liv Tyler, Patricia Neal, Charles S. Dutton and Chris O'Donnell.\nIt portrays small-town Southern life in Holly Springs, Mississippi, where the film was mostly shot. It was entered into the 49th Berlin International Film Festival, held in February 1999.
/m/0c3ns	Peter Lindsay Weir, AM is an Australian film director. After playing a leading role in the Australian New Wave cinema with his films such as Picnic at Hanging Rock, The Last Wave and Gallipoli, Weir directed a diverse group of American and international films—many of them major box office hits—including the Academy Award nominees Witness, Dead Poets Society, Green Card, The Truman Show and Master and Commander.
/m/0l998	The 1968 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XIX Olympiad, were an international multi-sport event held in Mexico City, Mexico, in October 1968.\nThese were the first Olympic Games to be staged in Latin America and the first to be staged in a Spanish-speaking country. They were also the third Games to be held in autumn, after the 1956 Games in Melbourne and the 1964 Games in Tokyo. The Mexican Student Movement of 1968 happened concurrently and the Olympic Games were correlated to the government's repression.
/m/01z22v	Wagga Wagga is a city in New South Wales, Australia. Straddling the Murrumbidgee River, with an urban population of 46,913 people, Wagga Wagga is the state's largest inland city, and is an important agricultural, military, and transport hub of Australia. It is midway between the two largest cities in Australia, Sydney and Melbourne, and is the major regional centre for the Riverina and South West Slopes regions.\nThe central business district is focused around the commercial and recreational grid bounded by Best and Tarcutta Streets and the Murrumbidgee River and the Sturt Highway. The main shopping street of Wagga is Baylis Street which becomes Fitzmaurice Street at the northern end. The city is in an alluvial valley and much of the city has a problem with urban salinity.\nThe original inhabitants of the Wagga Wagga region were the Wiradjuri people. In 1829, Charles Sturt became the first European explorer to visit the future site of the city. Squatters arrived soon after, leading to conflict with the indigenous inhabitants. The town, positioned on the site of a ford across the Murrumbidgee, was surveyed and gazetted as a village in 1849 and the town grew quickly after. In 1870, the town was gazetted as a municipality.
/m/01zkxv	Charles David George \"Charlie\" Stross is a British writer of science fiction, Lovecraftian horror and fantasy. He was born in Leeds.\nStross specialises in hard science fiction and space opera. His contemporaries include Alastair Reynolds, Ken MacLeod, Liz Williams, Neal Asher and Richard Morgan.\nBetween 1994 and 2004, he was also an active writer for the magazine Computer Shopper and was responsible for the monthly Linux column. Due to time constraints, he eventually had to stop writing for Computer Shopper so that he could devote more time to his novels. Subsequently, he published all his articles on the Internet.
/m/08lfyn	AC Horsens is a professional Danish football team, playing in the Danish 1st Division. They play on Casa Arena Horsens in Horsens. The club was founded in 1994, as a superstructure on Horsens fS and the merger of Dagnæs IF and B 1940; FC Horsens. There was a player called Ibrahim who scored a hattrick in most of his games played, even a late sub.
/m/02p59ry	Raymond Chow Man-Wai GBS is a Hong Kong film producer, and presenter. He is responsible for successfully launching martial arts and the Hong Kong cinema onto the international stage. As the founder of Golden Harvest, he would produce some of the biggest stars to ever grace the screen including Bruce Lee, Jackie Chan, Tsui Hark and countless others.
/m/0swlx	Pashto, also known historically as Afghani and Pathani, is the native language of the Pashtun people of South-Central Asia. Pashto is a member of the Eastern Iranian languages group. Pashto is one of the two official languages of Afghanistan, and is also spoken as a regional language in western and northwestern Pakistan and among the Pashtun diaspora around the world.\nPashto belongs to the Northeastern Iranian branch of the Indo-Iranian language family, although Ethnologue lists it as Southeastern Iranian. The number of Pashtuns or Pashto-speakers is estimated to be 40–60 million people worldwide.
/m/02k6rq	Jeremy Philip Northam is an English actor.\nHe is best known for his roles in the films Gosford Park, Emma, Amistad, The Winslow Boy, Enigma, Martin and Lewis, Happy, Texas, The Golden Bowl, Creation and as Thomas More in the Showtime series The Tudors. Most recently, he starred in the BBC Two drama White Heat.
/m/09y2k2	Italian cuisine has developed through centuries of social and political changes, with roots as far back as the 4th century BCE. Italian cuisine in itself takes heavy influences, including Etruscan, ancient Greek, and ancient Roman. Significant changes occurred with the discovery of the New World and the introduction of potatoes, tomatoes, bell peppers and maize, now central to the cuisine but not introduced in quantity until the 18th century. Italian cuisine is noted for its regional diversity, abundance of difference in taste, and is known to be one of the most popular in the world, with influences abroad.\nItalian cuisine is characterized by its simplicity, with many dishes having only four to eight ingredients. Italian cooks rely chiefly on the quality of the ingredients rather than on elaborate preparation. Ingredients and dishes vary by region. Many dishes that were once regional, however, have proliferated with variations throughout the country.\nCheese and wine are a major part of the cuisine, with many variations and Denominazione di origine controllata laws. Coffee, specifically espresso, has become important in Italian cuisine.
/m/0c2ry	Carole Lombard was an American actress. She is particularly noted for her roles in the screwball comedies of the 1930s. She is listed as one of the American Film Institute's greatest stars of all time and was the highest-paid star in Hollywood in the late 1930s, earning around US$500,000 per year. Lombard's career was cut short when she died at the age of 33 in an aircraft crash while returning from a World War II War Bond tour.\nGraham Greene praised the \"heartbreaking and nostalgic melodies\" of her faster-than-thought delivery. \"Platinum blonde, with a heart-shaped face, delicate, impish features and a figure made to be swathed in silver lamé, Lombard wriggled expressively through such classics of hysteria as Twentieth Century and My Man Godfrey.\"
/m/017dbx	Power Rangers is a long-running American entertainment and merchandising franchise built around a live action children's television series featuring teams of costumed heroes. Produced first by Saban Entertainment, later by BVS Entertainment, and currently by SCG Power Rangers LLC, the television series takes much of its footage from the Japanese tokusatsu Super Sentai, produced by Toei Company. Its first entry, Mighty Morphin Power Rangers, debuted on August 28, 1993, and helped launch the Fox Kids programming block of the 1990s, during which it catapulted into popular culture along with a line of action figures and other toys by Bandai.\nDespite initial criticism for its action violence targeted to child audiences, the franchise has continued, and as of 2013 the show consists of 20 television seasons of 17 different themed series and two theatrical films. Creator Haim Saban regained ownership of the franchise in 2010 after seven years under The Walt Disney Company. The current season, Power Rangers Super Megaforce, debuted in the United States on February 15, 2014.
/m/02d003	Anger Management is a 2003 American slapstick comedy film directed by Peter Segal, written by David S. Dorfman, and starring Adam Sandler and Jack Nicholson. It was produced by Revolution Studios in association with Sandler's production company Happy Madison Productions and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.
/m/01vw37m	Christopher Brian Bridges, better known by his stage name Ludacris, is an American rapper, entrepreneur and actor. Along with his manager, Chaka Zulu, Ludacris is the co-founder of Disturbing tha Peace, an imprint distributed by Def Jam Recordings. Ludacris has won a Screen Actors Guild, Critic's Choice, MTV, and three Grammy Awards during his career. Along with fellow Atlantans Big Boi and Andre 3000 of OutKast, Ludacris was one of the first and most influential Dirty South artists to achieve mainstream success.\nBorn in Champaign, Illinois, Ludacris moved to Atlanta, Georgia at age nine, where he began rapping. After a brief stint as a disc jockey, he released his debut album Back for the First Time in 2000, which contained the singles \"Southern Hospitality\" and \"What's Your Fantasy\". In 2001, he released Word of Mouf, followed by Chicken-n-Beer in 2003. He took a more serious approach with his next three albums, The Red Light District, Release Therapy, and Theater of the Mind. His latest record, Battle of the Sexes, was released in 2010. As an actor, he has appeared in films including 2 Fast 2 Furious, Crash, Gamer, Fast Five, New Year's Eve, and Fast & Furious 6.
/m/01q1j	Cornwall is a unitary authority and ceremonial county of England, within the United Kingdom. Cornwall is a peninsula bordered to the north and west by the Celtic Sea, to the south by the English Channel, and to the east by the county of Devon, over the River Tamar. Cornwall has a population of 536,000 and covers an area of 3,563 km². The administrative centre, and only city in Cornwall, is Truro, although the town of St Austell has the largest population.\nCornwall forms the westernmost part of the south-west peninsula of the island of Great Britain, and a large part of the Cornubian batholith is within Cornwall. This area was first inhabited in the Palaeolithic and Mesolithic periods. It continued to be occupied by Neolithic and then Bronze Age peoples, and later by Brythons with distinctive cultural relations to neighbouring Wales and Brittany. There is little evidence that Roman rule was effective west of Exeter and few Roman remains have been found. Cornwall was the home of a division of the Dumnonii tribe – whose tribal centre was in the modern county of Devon – known as the Cornovii, separated from the Brythons of Wales after the Battle of Deorham, often coming into conflict with the expanding English kingdom of Wessex before King Athelstan in AD 936 set the boundary between English and Cornish at the Tamar. From the early Middle Ages, British language and culture was apparently shared by Brythons trading across both sides of the Channel, evidenced by the corresponding high medieval Breton kingdoms of Domnonee and Cornouaille and the Celtic Christianity common to both territories.
/m/05k17c	In academic administrations such as school or colleges, a dean is the person with significant authority over a specific academic unit, or over a specific area of concern, or both. Deans are occasionally found in middle schools and high schools as well.\nThe term comes from the Latin decanus, \"a leader of ten\", taken from the medieval monasteries which were often extremely large, with hundreds of monks. The monks were organized into groups of ten for administrative purposes, along the lines of military platoons, headed by a senior monk, the decanus.\nThe term was later used to denote the head of a community of priests, as the chapter of a cathedral, or a section of a diocese.\nWhen the universities grew out of the cathedral and monastery schools, the title of dean was used for officials with various administrative duties.
/m/01kj0p	Carrie-Anne Moss is a Canadian actress, best known for her role of Trinity in The Matrix trilogy of films beginning with The Matrix, her breakthrough film. She has starred in the films Memento and Chocolat, Snow Cake, Disturbia and Unthinkable.
/m/0nlqq	Flathead County is a county located in the U.S. state of Montana. As of the 2010 census, the population was 90,928. Its county seat is Kalispell. The numerical designation for Flathead County is 7. It is south from the Canadian border of British Columbia.
/m/02zc7f	Middle Tennessee State University, commonly abbreviated as MTSU or MT, is a comprehensive coeducational public university in Murfreesboro, Tennessee.\nFounded in 1911 as a normal school, the university is composed of eight undergraduate colleges as well as a college of graduate studies, together offering more than 80 majors/degree programs through over 35 departments. MTSU is most prominently known for its Recording Industry, Aerospace, Music, and Concrete Industry Management programs. The university has partnered in research endeavors with the Oak Ridge National Laboratory, the United States Army, and the United States Marine Corps. In 2009, Middle Tennessee State University was ranked among the nation's top 100 public universities by Forbes magazine.\nMTSU student athletes compete intercollegiately as the Blue Raiders, as a part of Division 1 Football Bowl Subdivision athletics in the Conference USA. On November 29, 2012, MTSU Athletics announced they had accepted an invitation to the conference.\nMTSU is part of the Tennessee Board of Regents and the State University and Community College System of Tennessee, and is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Colleges. Its president is Sidney A. McPhee.
/m/0c1pj	Mel Colm-Cille Gerard Gibson AO is an American-Australian actor, film director, producer and screenwriter. He was born in Peekskill, New York, moved with his parents to Sydney, Australia, when he was 12 years old, and later studied acting at the Australian National Institute of Dramatic Art.\nAfter appearing as an action hero during the 1980s, Gibson went on to found Icon Entertainment, a Production Company which independent film director Atom Egoyan has called, \"an alternative to the studio system.\"\nIn 1995, Gibson produced, directed, and starred in the Academy Award-winning Braveheart. In 2004, he directed and produced The Passion of the Christ, a controversial film depicting the last hours in the life of Jesus Christ.
/m/095sx6	Eat Bulaga! is a noon-time variety show in the Philippines produced by Television And Production Exponents Inc. and aired by GMA Network. The show broadcasts from The New TAPE Studios at the GMA Broadway Centrum in New Manila, Quezon City. Eat Bulaga! is aired Weekdays at 12:00pm to 2:30 pm and Saturdays at 11:30am to 2:45pm. The show is also broadcast worldwide through GMA Pinoy TV. The name approximately translates to \"Lunchtime Surprise!\"\nThe show celebrated its 34th year on Philippine television on July 31, 2013, holding the record of being the longest-running noontime variety program on air in the history of television.\nIts first overseas version was Eat Bulaga! Indonesia, which premiered on Indonesia's SCTV network on July 16, 2012. Eat Bulaga! became the first Philippine show, variety show in particular, to be franchised by another country.
/m/0n5bk	Passaic County is a county located in the U.S. state of New Jersey. As of the 2010 Census, the population was 501,226, reflecting an increase of 12,177 from the 489,049 counted in the 2000 Census, retaining its position as the state's ninth-most populous county. Its county seat is Paterson. It is part of the New York City Metropolitan Area. The most populous place was Paterson, with 146,199 residents at the time of the 2010 Census, more than 29% of the county's population, while West Milford Township, covered 80.32 square miles, the largest total area of any municipality, more than 40% of the county's area.\nPassaic County was created on February 7, 1837, from portions of both Bergen County and Essex County.
/m/011yhm	Fargo is a 1996 crime, drama, thriller film directed by Joel Coen.
/m/01b30l	An organist is a musician who plays any type of organ. An organist may play solo organ works, play with an ensemble or orchestra, or accompany one or more singers or instrumental soloists. In addition, an organist may accompany congregational hymn-singing and play liturgical music.
/m/01vsqvs	Nico was a German singer-songwriter, lyricist, composer, musician, fashion model, and actress, who initially rose to fame as a Warhol Superstar in the 1960s. She is known for both her vocal collaboration on The Velvet Underground's debut album, The Velvet Underground & Nico, and her work as a solo artist from the late 1960s through the 1980s. She also had roles in several films, including Federico Fellini's La Dolce Vita and Andy Warhol's Chelsea Girls, as herself. Nico died in July 1988, as a result of a heart attack while vacationing on Ibiza in the Balearic Islands in the Mediterranean Sea off the coast of Spain with her son.
/m/051zy_b	A Few Good Men is a 1992 American drama film directed by Rob Reiner and starring Tom Cruise, Jack Nicholson, and Demi Moore, with Kevin Bacon, Kevin Pollak, James Marshall, J. T. Walsh, and Kiefer Sutherland in supporting roles. It was adapted for the screen by Aaron Sorkin from his play of the same name. A courtroom drama, the film revolves around the court martial of two U.S. Marines charged with the murder of a fellow Marine and the tribulations of their lawyers as they prepare a case to defend their clients.
/m/01wdqrx	Steve Jordan is an American multi-instrumentalist, composer, musical director and Grammy Award-winning artist, who has made a name for himself as a producer from the Bronx in New York City. A graduate of the Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School of Music & Art and Performing Arts, Jordan has additionally released an instructional program for drummers called The Groove is Here.\nArguably best known by fans as a drummer, Jordan has been a member of several bands and ensembles, and has spent a significant amount of his career backing other famous musicians as a sideman as well as a session player in recording studios. He has gained a good deal of visibility recently as a member, songwriter and co-producer of Keith Richards and the X-pensive Winos, and later, the John Mayer Trio. Shortly afterward, he spent a significant amount of his career backing other luminaries including Eric Clapton in his touring band, touring and recording with others in the studio, while continuing to work a busy schedule as a record producer.
/m/0flpy	Barry White, born Barry Eugene Carter, was an American composer and singer-songwriter.\nA two-time Grammy Award-winner known for his distinctive bass voice and romantic image, White's greatest success came in the 1970s as a solo singer and with the Love Unlimited Orchestra, crafting many enduring soul, funk, and disco songs such as his two biggest hits, \"You're the First, the Last, My Everything\" and \"Can't Get Enough of Your Love, Babe.\" Along with Isaac Hayes, White is considered by Allmusic.com as a pioneer of disco music in the early 1970s.\nDuring the course of his career in the music business, White achieved 106 gold albums worldwide, 41 of which also attained platinum status. White had 20 gold and 10 platinum singles, with worldwide sales in excess of 100 million, according to critics Ed Hogan and Wade Kergan. His influences included Rev. James Cleveland, Ray Charles, Aretha Franklin plus Motown artists The Supremes, The Four Tops and Marvin Gaye.
/m/0l99s	Henry James, OM was an American writer who spent the bulk of his career in Britain. He is regarded as one of the key figures of 19th-century literary realism. He was the son of Henry James, Sr. and the brother of philosopher and psychologist William James and diarist Alice James.\nJames alternated between America and Europe for the first 20 years of his life, after which he settled in England, becoming a British subject in 1915, one year before his death. He is best known for a number of novels showing Americans encountering Europe and Europeans. His method of writing from the point of view of a character within a tale allows him to explore issues related to consciousness and perception, and his style in later works has been compared to impressionist painting.\nJames contributed significantly to literary criticism, particularly in his insistence that writers be allowed the greatest possible freedom in presenting their view of the world. James claimed that a text must first and foremost be realistic and contain a representation of life that is recognisable to its readers. Good novels, to James, show life in action and are, most importantly, interesting. His imaginative use of point of view, interior monologue and possibly unreliable narrators in his own novels and tales brought a new depth and interest to narrative fiction. An extraordinarily productive writer, in addition to his voluminous works of fiction he published articles and books of travel, biography, autobiography, and criticism, and wrote plays, some of which were performed during his lifetime, though with limited success. His theatrical work is thought to have profoundly influenced his later novels and tales.
/m/0n5by	Ocean County is a county located along the Jersey Shore in the U.S. state of New Jersey. Its county seat is Toms River, which, like the county itself, has been one of the fastest growing areas of the state since the 1990s. As of the 2010 United States Census, the population was 576,567, having increased by 65,651 from the 2000 Census population of 510,916, surpassing Union County to become the fifth-most populous county in the state and making Ocean County the fastest growing in the state of New Jersey in terms of increase in the number of residents and second-highest in percentage growth. Ocean County was established on February 15, 1850, from portions of Monmouth County, with the addition of Little Egg Harbor Township which was annexed from Burlington County on March 30, 1891. The most populous place was Lakewood Township, with 92,843 residents at the time of the 2010 Census, while Jackson Township, covered 100.62 square miles, the largest total area of any place in New Jersey.\nOcean County is located 50 miles east of Philadelphia, 70 miles south of New York City, and 25 miles north of Atlantic City, making it a prime destination for residents of these cities during the summer. As with the entire Jersey Shore, summer traffic routinely clogs local roadways throughout the season.
/m/02q636	St. Lawrence University is a four-year liberal arts college located in the village of Canton in Saint Lawrence County, New York, United States. It has roughly 2400 undergraduate and 100 graduate students, about equally split between male and female.
/m/0d07j8	William Travilla, who went by the professional name of Travilla, was an American costume designer for theatre, film, and television. He is perhaps best known for dressing Marilyn Monroe in eight of her films.
/m/013nv_	Appleton is a city in Outagamie, Calumet, and Winnebago counties in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. One of the Fox Cities, it is situated on the Fox River, 30 miles southwest of Green Bay and 100 miles north of Milwaukee. Appleton is the county seat of Outagamie County. The population was 72,623 at the 2010 census. Of this, 60,045 were in Outagamie County, 11,088 in Calumet County, and 1,490 in Winnebago County. Appleton is the principal city of the Appleton, Wisconsin Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is included in the Appleton-Oshkosh-Neenah, Wisconsin Combined Statistical Area.
/m/02784z	Herbert Lom was a Czech-born film and television actor who moved to the United Kingdom in 1939. In a career lasting more than 60 years he appeared in character roles, usually portraying villains early in his career and professional men in later years.\nLom's English was noted for a precise, elegant delivery. He is best known for his roles in The Ladykillers and The Pink Panther film series.
/m/05_k56	Andrew Stanton is an American film director, screenwriter, producer, and voice actor based at Pixar Animation Studios. His film work includes writing and directing Pixar's A Bug's Life, Finding Nemo and WALL-E, and his first live-action film, John Carter. He also co-wrote all three Toy Story films and Monsters, Inc..\nFinding Nemo and WALL-E earned him two Academy Awards for Best Animated Feature. He was also nominated for three Academy Awards for Best Original Screenplay, for Finding Nemo, WALL-E, and Toy Story, and for an Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay for Toy Story 3.\nHe is currently in charge of directing the sequel to Finding Nemo, entitled Finding Dory, planned for 2016.
/m/07vn_9	Zodiac is a 2007 American mystery thriller film directed by David Fincher and based on Robert Graysmith's non-fiction book of the same name. The Paramount Pictures and Warner Bros. joint production stars Jake Gyllenhaal, Mark Ruffalo, and Robert Downey, Jr., with Anthony Edwards, Brian Cox, Elias Koteas, Donal Logue, John Carroll Lynch, and Dermot Mulroney in supporting roles.\nZodiac tells the story of the manhunt for a notorious serial killer known as \"Zodiac\" who killed in and around the San Francisco Bay Area during the late 1960s and early 1970s, leaving several victims in his wake and taunting police with letters and ciphers mailed to newspapers. The case remains one of San Francisco's most infamous unsolved crimes.\nFincher, screenwriter James Vanderbilt, and producer Brad Fischer spent 18 months conducting their own investigation and research into the Zodiac murders. Fincher employed the digital Thomson Viper Filmstream camera to photograph the film. However Zodiac was not shot entirely digitally; traditional high-speed film cameras were used for slow-motion murder sequences.\nReviews for the film were highly positive; however, it did not perform strongly at the North American box office, grossing only $33 million. It performed better in other parts of the world, earning $51 million. This brought its box office total to $84 million, with a budget of $65 million spent on its production.
/m/02cvp8	Moses Harry Horwitz, known professionally as Moe Howard, was an American actor and comedian best known as the de facto leader of The Three Stooges, the farce comedy team who starred in motion pictures and television for four decades. His distinctive hairstyle came about when he was a boy and cut off his curls with a pair of scissors, producing a ragged shape approximating a bowl cut.
/m/0680x0	A string is the vibrating element that produces sound in string instruments such as the guitar, harp, piano, and members of the violin family. Strings are lengths of a flexible material that a musical instrument holds under tension so that they can vibrate freely, but controllably. Strings may be \"decorative\". \"Wound\" strings have a \"core\" of one material, with an overwinding of other materials. This is to make the string vibrate at the desired pitch, while maintaining a low profile and sufficient flexibility for playability.
/m/015pvh	Bonnie Lynne Hunt is an American actress, comedian, writer, director, television producer, and daytime television host. She has appeared in the films Rain Man, Beethoven, Beethoven's 2nd, Jumanji, Jerry Maguire, The Green Mile, Cheaper by the Dozen, and Cheaper by the Dozen 2. She has done voice work in the Pixar films A Bug's Life, Monsters, Inc., Monsters University, Toy Story 3, Cars, and Cars 2. Hunt has starred in the television series Grand and Davis Rules as well as creating, producing, writing, and starring in The Building, Bonnie, and Life with Bonnie. From 2008 to 2010, she hosted the day time talk show The Bonnie Hunt Show.
/m/01zqy6t	Stanford is a census-designated place in Santa Clara County, California, United States and is the home of Stanford University. The population was 13,809 at the 2010 census, with a daily population of 35,000.\nStanford is an unincorporated area of Santa Clara County and is adjacent to the city of Palo Alto. Stanford, California is a valid postal address, and has its own post office and ZIP codes: 94305 and 94309. A popular landmark is the Dish.\nMost of the Stanford University campus is situated within the CDP of Stanford. The Stanford University Medical Center and the Stanford Shopping Center, on the campus periphery, are counted as part of Palo Alto. Its resident population consists of the inhabitants of on-campus housing, including graduate student villages and single-family homes owned by their faculty inhabitants but located on leased Stanford land. A residential neighborhood adjacent to the Stanford campus, College Terrace, featuring streets named after universities and colleges, including Cambridge, Oxford, Harvard and Princeton, is not part of the Stanford CDP but of Palo Alto.
/m/01wgx4	David Keith McCallum, Jr. is a Scottish actor and musician. He is best known for his roles as Illya Kuryakin, a Russian-born secret agent, in the 1960s television series The Man from U.N.C.L.E., as interdimensional operative Steel in Sapphire & Steel, and for his current role as NCIS Medical Examiner, Dr. Donald \"Ducky\" Mallard in the series NCIS.
/m/04dz_y7	Arthur Wong Ngok-Tai is a nine time Hong Kong Film Awards-winning cinematographer, actor, screenwriter, film producer and film director.
/m/054gwt	The Challenge is a reality game show on MTV that is spun off from and mostly cast-contestant dependent on the network's two flagship reality shows, The Real World and the now cancelled Road Rules. The Challenge has developed a spin-off series in its own right, Spring Break Challenge. The Challenge and Spring Break Challenge have a somewhat cast-contestant interdependent relationship in that both programs have used at least one or more contestants from the other. The Challenge is hosted by T. J. Lavin.\nThe series premiered on June 1, 1998. The title of the show was originally Road Rules: All Stars before it was renamed Real World/Road Rules Challenge by the show's 2nd season, then later abridged to simply The Challenge by the show's 19th season. The series initially used no hosts but instead a former cast member who had been kicked off his or her season, providing assignments as \"Mr.\" or \"Ms. Big\". Later on, however, the series began using hosts: Eric Nies and Mark Long co-hosted a season, and Jonny Moseley and Dave Mirra hosted various seasons before T. J. Lavin became the show's regular host by the 11th season.
/m/017t44	The Kansai region or the Kinki region lies in the southern-central region of Japan's main island Honshū. The region includes the prefectures of Mie, Nara, Wakayama, Kyoto, Osaka, Hyōgo, and Shiga. Depending on who makes the distinction, Fukui, Tokushima and even Tottori Prefecture are also included. While the use of the terms \"Kansai\" and \"Kinki\" have changed over history, in most modern contexts the use of the two terms is interchangeable. The urban region of Osaka, Kobe and Kyoto is the second most populated in Japan after the Greater Tokyo Area.
/m/02plv57	The Louisville Cardinals men's basketball team is the men's college basketball program representing the University of Louisville in the American Athletic Conference of NCAA Division I. The Cardinals have won three NCAA championships and have been to 10 Final Fours in 39 NCAA tournament appearances while compiling 70 tournament wins.
/m/0jnng	The Minnesota Wild are a professional ice hockey team based in St. Paul, Minnesota, United States. They are members of the Central Division of the Western Conference of the National Hockey League. Though the team plays in the Minneapolis-St. Paul area with the Minnesota Twins, Vikings, Lynx and Timberwolves, the Wild and the Swarm are the only Major League sports franchises to play in St. Paul, as the aforementioned teams all play in Minneapolis.\nThe team was founded on June 25, 1997, but started playing in the 2000-01 NHL season. The Wild is also the first NHL franchise in Minnesota since the Minnesota North Stars moved to Dallas in 1993. They lost their first game, 3–1, to the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim and recorded their first win against the Tampa Bay Lightning five games later. The Wild play at the Xcel Energy Center. In the 2002–03 NHL season, the team made its first playoff appearance, and made a surprising run to the Western Conference Finals.\nMinnesota currently has three minor-league affiliates, the Iowa Wild of the American Hockey League, the Orlando Solar Bears of the East Coast Hockey League, and announced August 27, 2013, the addition of the Quad City Mallards of the Central Hockey League. Since 2001, the AHL affiliate of the Wild had been the Houston Aeros. However, on April 18, 2013, it was announced that the Aeros would be moving to Des Moines, Iowa, beginning with the 2013–14 AHL season, where they play at Wells Fargo Arena and became known as the Iowa Wild. The team's first minor-league affiliate was the Cleveland Lumberjacks of the IHL, who folded after the 2000-01 season. As of 2013, the Wild have averaged a .526 points percentage since entering the league.
/m/0627zr	Vadivelu is an Indian film actor, comedian and playback singer. Since the 1990s, he has acted mainly as a comedian in Tamil films and is renowned for his slapstick comedies. Vadivelu has won several Filmfare and Tamil Nadu State Film Awards.
/m/02jg92	Gregory LeNoir \"Gregg\" Allman is an American rock and blues singer-songwriter, keyboardist, guitarist and a founding member of The Allman Brothers Band. He was inducted with the band into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1995 and received a Lifetime Achievement Award from the Georgia Music Hall of Fame in 2006. His distinctive voice placed him in 70th place in the Rolling Stone list of the \"100 Greatest Singers of All Time\".\nAt the beginning of the 1970s, The Allman Brothers Band enjoyed huge success and a number of their most characteristic songs were written by Gregg Allman. While it was unusual at the time, the band was based in the Southeastern United States. The Allman Brothers Band music was called ‘Southern Rock’, a term that was coined by Gregg Allman, himself. ‘Southern Rock’ incorporated an innovative fusion of rock, blues, and country back in the 1970s, and the genre of music is still popular today.\nFollowing the death of his older brother, guitarist Duane Allman in 1971, and a year later, bass guitarist Berry Oakley, both in motorcycle accidents, the band continued to perform and record. In addition, Allman developed a solo career and a band under his own name. Allman’s solo music has perhaps a greater resonance of soul music than his work with ABB, possibly because of the influence of artists such as Bobby Bland and Little Milton, singers who he has long admired.
/m/0ywqc	Donald McNichol Sutherland, OC is a Canadian actor whose film career spans nearly 50 years. Some of Sutherland's more notable movie roles have included soldiers in popular war movies such as The Dirty Dozen, The Eagle Has Landed, MASH and Kelly's Heroes, as well as a diverse range of characters in other noted films such as Fellini's Casanova, Klute, Don't Look Now, Invasion of the Body Snatchers, JFK, Ordinary People, Pride & Prejudice, and The Hunger Games. He is the father of actor Kiefer Sutherland.
/m/0xxc	Acadia University is a predominantly undergraduate university located in Wolfville, Nova Scotia, Canada with some graduate programs at the master's level and one at the doctoral level. The enabling legislation consists of: Acadia University Act and the Amended Acadia University Act 2000. The Wolfville Campus houses Acadia University Archives and the Acadia University Art Gallery.
/m/097zcz	A Streetcar Named Desire is a 1951 American film adaptation of the Pulitzer Prize-winning 1947 play of the same name by Tennessee Williams. Williams collaborated with Oscar Saul on the screenplay and Elia Kazan, who directed the stage production, went on to direct the film. Marlon Brando, Kim Hunter, and Karl Malden, all members of the original Broadway cast, reprised their roles for the film. Vivien Leigh, who had appeared in the London theatre production, was brought in for the film version in lieu of Jessica Tandy, who had created the part of Blanche DuBois on Broadway.\nA Streetcar Named Desire holds the distinction of garnering Academy Award wins for actors in three out of the four acting categories. Oscars were won by Vivien Leigh, Best Actress, Karl Malden, Best Supporting Actor, and Kim Hunter, Best Supporting Actress. Marlon Brando was nominated for his performance as Stanley Kowalski but, although lauded for his powerful portrayal, did not win the Oscar for Best Actor. Brando's performance has since been cited as one of the most influential performances in the history of American cinema and has been widely credited for being one of the first performances to introduce Method acting to Hollywood moviegoers.
/m/0fbzp	Jefferson County is a county located in the U.S. state of New York. As of the 2010 census, the population was 116,229. It is named after Thomas Jefferson, third President of the United States of America, and president at the time the county was created in 1805. Its county seat is Watertown. It is adjacent to Lake Ontario, southeast from the Canadian border of Ontario.
/m/01664_	Natural history is the research and study of organisms including plants or animals in their environment, leaning more towards observational than experimental methods of study. It encompasses scientific research but is not limited to it, with articles nowadays more often published in magazines than in academic journals. Grouped among the natural sciences, natural history is the systematic study of any category of natural objects or organisms. That is a very broad designation in a world filled with many narrowly focused disciplines. So while natural history dates historically from studies in the ancient Greco-Roman world and the mediaeval Arabic world, through to the scattered European Renaissance scientists working in near isolation, today's field is more of a cross discipline umbrella of many specialty sciences. For example, geobiology has a strong multi-disciplinary nature combining scientists and scientific knowledge of many specialty sciences.\nA person who studies natural history is known as a naturalist or \"natural historian\".
/m/035gnh	3000 Miles to Graceland is a 2001 crime film, starring Kurt Russell, Kevin Costner, Courteney Cox, David Arquette, Bokeem Woodbine, Christian Slater, and Kevin Pollak. It is a story of theft and betrayal, revolving around a plot to rob the Riviera Casino during a convention of Elvis impersonators.\nPrior to the film's opening, Warner Bros. released a series of animated prequels voiced by stars Costner, Slater, Long and Woodbine. \"The Road to Graceland\" prequels marked the first time a major film's cast members contributed their talents to the creation of original Internet content for a film website.
/m/01p5yn	Lorimar, later known as Lorimar Television and Lorimar Distribution, was an American television production company that was later a subsidiary of Warner Bros., active from 1969 until 1993. It was founded by Irwin Molasky, Merv Adelson, and Lee Rich, who named the company by combining the name of Adelson's ex-wife, Lori, with Palomar Airport in San Diego, California.
/m/0lm0n	The Appalachian Mountains, often called the Appalachians, are a system of mountains in eastern North America. The Appalachians first formed roughly 480 million years ago during the Ordovician Period and once reached elevations similar to those of the Alps and the Rocky Mountains before they were eroded. The Appalachian chain is a barrier to east-west travel as it forms a series of alternating ridgelines and valleys oriented in opposition to any road running east-west.\nDefinitions vary on the precise boundaries of the Appalachians. The United States Geological Survey defines the Appalachian Highlands physiographic division as consisting of thirteen provinces: the Atlantic Coast Uplands, Eastern Newfoundland Atlantic, Maritime Acadian Highlands, Maritime Plain, Notre Dame and Mégantic Mountains, Western Newfoundland Mountains, Piedmont, Blue Ridge, Valley and Ridge, Saint Lawrence Valley, Appalachian Plateaus, New England province, and the Adirondack provinces. A common variant definition does not include the Adirondack Mountains, which geologically belong to the Grenville Orogeny and have a different geological history from the rest of the Appalachians.
/m/09b6zr	George Walker Bush is an American politician and businessman who served as the 43rd President of the United States of America from 2001 to 2009 and the 46th Governor of Texas from 1995 to 2000. The eldest son of Barbara and George H. W. Bush, he was born in New Haven, Connecticut. After graduating from Yale University in 1968 and Harvard Business School in 1975, Bush worked in oil businesses. He married Laura Welch in 1977 and ran unsuccessfully for the House of Representatives shortly thereafter. He later co-owned the Texas Rangers baseball team before defeating Ann Richards in the 1994 Texas gubernatorial election. Bush was elected president in 2000 after a close and controversial election, becoming the fourth president to be elected while receiving fewer popular votes nationwide than his opponent. Bush is the second president to have been the son of a former president, the first being John Quincy Adams. He is also the brother of Jeb Bush, former Governor of Florida.\nEight months into Bush's first term as president, the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks occurred. In response, Bush announced the War on Terror, an international military campaign which included the war in Afghanistan launched in 2001 and the war in Iraq launched in 2003. In addition to national security issues, Bush also promoted policies on the economy, health care, education, social security reform, and amending the Constitution to disallow same-sex marriage. He signed into law broad tax cuts, the PATRIOT Act, the No Child Left Behind Act, the Partial-Birth Abortion Ban Act, Medicare prescription drug benefits for seniors, and funding for the AIDS relief program known as PEPFAR. Bush announced the U.S. would not implement the Kyoto Protocol on global warming that had been negotiated by the Clinton Administration in 1997, and agreed to by 178 other countries, but never ratified by the U.S. Senate. His tenure saw national debates on immigration, Social Security, electronic surveillance, and enhanced interrogation techniques.
/m/0ckhc	Vancouver is a city on the north bank of the Columbia River in the U.S. State of Washington. Incorporated in 1857, it is the fourth largest city in the state, with a 2010 census population of 161,791 as of April 1, 2010 census. Vancouver is the county seat of Clark County and forms part of the Portland-Vancouver metropolitan area, the 23rd-largest metropolitan area in the United States. In 2005, Money magazine named it No. 91 on its list of best places in America to live.
/m/06jwys	Spielvereinigung Unterhaching is a German sports club in Unterhaching, a semi-rural municipality on the southern outskirts of the Bavarian capital Munich. The club is widely known for playing in the first-division Bundesliga alongside its more famous cousins, Bayern Munich and 1860 Munich, for two seasons between 1999 and 2001, while the bobsleigh department has captured several world and Olympic titles. The team currently play in the 3. Liga, the German third division, having been relegated from the 2. Bundesliga in season 2006–07 and then moved into the newly created 3. Liga for 2008–09 following a reorganisation of the German league system.
/m/042g2h	An old-growth forest is a forest that has attained great age without significant disturbance and thereby exhibits unique ecological features and might be classified as a climax community. Old-growth features include diverse tree-related structures that provide diverse wildlife habitat that increases the bio-diversity of the forested ecosystem. The concept of diverse tree structure includes multi-layered canopies and canopy gaps, greatly varying tree heights and diameters, and diverse tree species and classes and sizes of woody debris.
/m/09v92_x	The Hong Kong Film Award for Best Director is an annual Hong Kong industry award presented to a director for the best achievement in cinematic direction.
/m/0xsk8	William Earl \"Bootsy\" Collins is an American musician, and singer-songwriter.\nRising to prominence with James Brown in the early 1970s, and later with Parliament-Funkadelic, Collins's driving bass guitar and humorous vocals established him as one of the leading names in funk. Collins is a member of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, inducted in 1997 with fifteen other members of Parliament-Funkadelic.
/m/081_zm	Menahem Golan is an Israeli director and producer. He has produced movies for such stars as Sean Connery, Sylvester Stallone, Chuck Norris, Jean-Claude Van Damme, and Charles Bronson, and was known for a period as a producer of comic book-style movies like Masters of the Universe, Superman IV: The Quest for Peace, Captain America, and his aborted attempt to bring Spider-Man to the silver screen. Using the pen name of Joseph Goldman, Golan has also written and \"polished\" film scripts. He was co-owner of Golan-Globus with his cousin Yoram Globus. Golan produced about 200 films, directed 44, won 8 times the Violin David Awards and The Israel Prize in Cinema.
/m/074rg9	The Specialist is a 1994 American action film directed by Luis Llosa, starring Sylvester Stallone, Sharon Stone and James Woods.
/m/05zwrg0	Never Let Me Go is a 2010 British dystopian science fiction drama film based on Kazuo Ishiguro's 2005 novel of the same name. The film was directed by Mark Romanek from a screenplay by Alex Garland. Never Let Me Go is set in an alternate history and centers on Kathy, Ruth and Tommy, who become entangled in a love triangle. Principal photography began in April 2009 and lasted several weeks. The movie was filmed at various locations, including Andrew Melville Hall. Never Let Me Go was produced by DNA Films and Film4 on a US$15 million budget.\nPrior to the book's publication, Garland had approached the film's producers—Andrew Macdonald and Andrew Reich—about a possible film, and wrote a 96-page script. The producers initially had trouble finding an actress to play Kathy. Mulligan was cast in the role after Peter Rice, the head of the company financing the film, recommended her by text message while watching her performance in An Education. Mulligan, a fan of the book, enthusiastically accepted the role, as it had long been a wish of hers to have the opportunity to play the part. The film's message and themes were the factors that attracted Garfield to become a part of the film.
/m/03k6x	The House of Lords is the upper house of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. Like the House of Commons, it meets in the Palace of Westminster. Bills can be introduced into either the House of Lords or the House of Commons and members of the Lords may also take on roles as Government Ministers. The House of Lords has its own support services, separate from the Commons, including the House of Lords Library.\nUnlike the elected House of Commons, most new members of the House of Lords are appointed. Membership of the House of Lords is made up of Lords Spiritual and Lords Temporal. There are currently 26 Lords Spiritual who sit in the Lords by virtue of their ecclesiastical role in the established Church of England. The Lords Temporal make up the rest of the membership; of these, the majority are life peers who are appointed by the Monarch on the advice of the Prime Minister, or on the advice of the House of Lords Appointments Commission.\nMembership was once a birthright of hereditary peers, other than those in the peerage of Ireland. Following a series of reforms, 92 members still sit in the Lords by virtue of a hereditary peerage. Since the vast majority of hereditary peerages can only be inherited by males, only one of these 92 is currently a woman. The number of members is not fixed; as of 11 June 2012 the House of Lords has 763 members, unlike the House of Commons, which has a 650-seat fixed membership.
/m/05dfy_	Street Fighter II: The Animated Movie, known as Street Fighter II Movie in Japan and Australia, is a 1994 Japanese animated film adaptation of the Street Fighter II fighting games written by Kenichi Imai, directed by Gisaburō Sugii and animated by Group TAC. The film, originally released in Japan on August 8, 1994, and was released to theaters in North America, United Kingdom, France and Spain, also has been adapted into English in dubbed and subtitled format by Manga Entertainment. And they distributed by 20th Century Fox in other countries. Group TAC later produced the anime series Street Fighter II V. The fight sequences of the film were choreographed by K-1 founder Kazuyoshi Ishii and professional fighter Andy Hug.
/m/0mp3l	Charlottesville is an independent city in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 43,475. It is the county seat of Albemarle County, which surrounds the city, though the two are separate legal entities. It is named after Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz, the queen consort of the United Kingdom.\nThe Bureau of Economic Analysis combines the city of Charlottesville with Albemarle County for statistical purposes, bringing the total population to 118,398. The city is the heart of the Charlottesville metropolitan area which includes Albemarle, Fluvanna, Greene and Nelson counties.\nCharlottesville is best known as the home to two U.S. Presidents, and nearby is that of James Madison in Orange, as well as the home of the University of Virginia, which, along with Monticello is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. Monticello, Jefferson's mountain-top home, attracts approximately half a million tourists every year. While both served as Governor of Virginia, they lived in Charlottesville and traveled to and from the capitol along the 71-mile historic Three Notch'd Road.
/m/01f7dd	Willem Dafoe is an American film, stage, and voice actor, and a member of the experimental theater company The Wooster Group. Films he appears in include Platoon, Affliction, Off Limits, Streets of Fire, To Live and Die in L.A., Born on the Fourth of July, The English Patient, The Last Temptation of Christ, Mississippi Burning, Mr. Bean's Holiday, The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou, The Boondock Saints, Spider-Man, and The Aviator. He has also had voice roles in both Fantastic Mr. Fox and Finding Nemo.\nDafoe has been nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor twice—for Platoon in 1986 and for Shadow of the Vampire in 2000.\nOn September 6, 2013, it was announced that he will be playing the role of Peter Van Houten in the film adaptation of The Fault in Our Stars.
/m/09d3b7	A Star Is Born is a 1976 American rock music musical film telling the story of a young woman, played by Barbra Streisand who enters show business, and meets and falls in love with an established male star, played by Kris Kristofferson, only to find her career ascending while his goes into decline. It is a remake of two earlier versions – the 1937 version was a drama starring Janet Gaynor and Fredric March, and the 1954 version was a musical film starring Judy Garland and James Mason. This version was the highest-grossing of the three films.
/m/015f7	Britney Jean Spears is an American recording artist and entertainer. Born in McComb, Mississippi, and raised in Kentwood, Louisiana, she performed acting roles in stage productions and television shows as a child before signing with Jive Records in 1997. Spears's first and second studio albums, ...Baby One More Time and Oops!... I Did It Again, became international successes, with the former becoming the best-selling album by a teenage solo artist. Title tracks \"...Baby One More Time\" and \"Oops!... I Did It Again\" broke international sales records. In 2001, Spears released her self-titled third studio album, Britney, and played the starring role in the film Crossroads. She assumed creative control of her fourth studio album, In the Zone, which yielded the worldwide success of the \"Toxic\" single.\nIn 2007, Spears's much-publicized personal struggles sent her career into hiatus. Her fifth record, Blackout, was released later that year, and spawned hits such as \"Gimme More\" and \"Piece of Me\". Her erratic behavior and hospitalizations continued through the following year, at which point she was placed under a still on-going conservatorship. Spears's sixth album, Circus, included global chart-topping lead single \"Womanizer\". Its supporting tour The Circus Starring Britney Spears was one of the highest-grossing global concert tours in 2009. Later that October, \"3\" became Spears's third single to reach number one on the Billboard Hot 100. Her seventh studio album, Femme Fatale, became her first to yield three top-ten singles in the United States: \"Hold It Against Me\", \"Till the World Ends\" and \"I Wanna Go\". She also served as a judge during the second season of the American version of The X Factor. Spears's eponymous eighth studio album Britney Jean was released in 2013; it made little commercial impact and became the lowest-selling record of her career. Later that year, Spears began the two-year residency show Britney: Piece of Me at The AXIS at Planet Hollywood Resort & Casino in Las Vegas.
/m/02xjb	Freestyle or Latin freestyle is a form of dance-pop or electronic dance music that emerged in the United States in the mid-1980s. It experienced its greatest popularity from the late-1980s until the early 1990s. It continues to be produced today and enjoys some degree of popularity, especially in the urban communities where Latinos and Italian Americans are found.\nNotable performers in the freestyle genre include Stevie B, Timmy T, George Lamond, TKA, Noel, Company B, Exposé, The Cover Girls, Lisa Lisa and Cult Jam, Information Society, Sa-Fire, Sweet Sensation, Shannon, Nancy Martinez, Johnny O, Coro, Lisette Melendez, Judy Torres, Rockell, and many others. The music can be heard on some radio stations such as WKTU in New York City.
/m/01tbp	Chemical engineering is a branch of engineering that applies the natural sciences and life sciences together with mathematics and economics to production, transformation, transportation and proper usage of chemicals, materials and energy. It essentially deals with the engineering of chemicals, energy and the processes that create and/or convert them. Modern chemical engineers are concerned with processes that convert raw-materials or chemicals into more useful or valuable forms. In addition, they are also concerned with pioneering valuable materials and related techniques – which are often essential to related fields such as nanotechnology, fuel cells and bioengineering. Within chemical engineering, two broad subgroups include design, manufacture, and operation of plants and machinery in industrial chemical and related processes and development of new or adapted substances for products ranging from foods and beverages to cosmetics to cleaners to pharmaceutical ingredients, among many other products.
/m/0175yg	Electric blues is a type of blues music distinguished by the amplification of the guitar, bass guitar, drums, and often the harmonica. Pioneered in the 1930s, it emerged as a genre in Chicago in the 1940s. It was taken up in many areas of America leading to the development of regional subgenres such as electric Memphis blues and Texas blues. It was adopted in the British blues boom of the 1960s, leading to the development of blues-rock. It was a foundation of rock music. It continues to be a major style of blues music and has enjoyed a revival in popularity since the 1990s.
/m/0fqg8	Nicosia is the capital and largest city on the island of Cyprus, as well as its main business centre. It is located near the centre of the island, on the banks of the River Pedieos.\nNicosia is the capital and seat of government of the Republic of Cyprus. It is the southeasternmost capital of the EU member states. The northern part of the city functions as the capital of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus, a disputed region recognized only by Turkey, and which the international community recognises as Cypriot territory under Turkish occupation, and has done so since the Turkish invasion in 1974.\nThrough the years Nicosia has established itself as the island's financial capital and its main international business centre. The city is ranked as the 5th richest city in the world in per capita income terms.\nIn the past few years Nicosia has seen remarkable progress regarding its infrastructure with the most remarkable being the central Eleftheria square currently in progress.
/m/0gqkd	Fukuoka is the capital city of Fukuoka Prefecture and is situated on the northern shore of the island of Kyushu in Japan.\nRanked 12th of the world's most livable cities in the magazine Monocle in 2013, Fukuoka was praised for its green spaces in a metropolitan setting. It is the most populous city in Kyushu, followed by Kitakyushu. It is the largest city and metropolitan area west of Keihanshin. The city was designated on April 1, 1972, by government ordinance. Greater Fukuoka, with 2.5 million people, is part of the heavily industrialized Fukuoka–Kitakyushu zone as well as Northern Kyushu.\nAs of July 2011, Fukuoka is Japan's 6th largest city, having passed the population of Kyoto. This marks the first time that a city west of the Kinki region has a larger population than Kyoto since the founding of Kyoto in 794. In ancient times, however, the area near Fukuoka, the Chikushi region, was thought to be perhaps even more influential than the Yamato region.
/m/01gf5	Baku is the capital and largest city of Azerbaijan, as well as the largest city on the Caspian Sea and of the Caucasus region. Baku is located 28 metres below sea level, which makes it the lowest lying national capital in the world. Baku is also the largest city in the world located below sea level. It is located on the southern shore of the Absheron Peninsula, which projects into the Caspian Sea. The city consists of two principal parts: the downtown area and the old Inner City. At the beginning of 2009, Baku's urban population was estimated at just over two million people. Officially, about 25 percent of all inhabitants of the country live in Baku's metropolitan area.\nBaku is divided into eleven administrative districts and 48 townships. Among these are the townships on islands in the Baku Bay and the town of Oil Rocks built on stilts in the Caspian Sea, 60 km away from Baku. The Inner City of Baku along with the Shirvanshah's Palace and Maiden Tower were inscribed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2000. According to the Lonely Planet's ranking, Baku is also among the world's top ten destinations for urban nightlife.
/m/065zlr	Nutty Professor II: The Klumps is a 2000 science fiction romantic comedy film directed by Peter Segal. It is a sequel to the 1996 film The Nutty Professor and stars Eddie Murphy. Like in the first one, Murphy plays not only the inept but brilliant scientist, Sherman Klump, but also most of Sherman's family as well. In contrast to the previous film, subplots which are centered around his family occupy a substantial part of the film.\nLike the first film, the film's theme song is \"Macho Man\" by The Village People, which this time is played during the end credits.
/m/0259tnd	A nonprofit organization, or not-for-profit organization, often called an NPO or simply a nonprofit and non-commercial organization, often called an NCO, is an organization that uses surplus revenues to achieve its goals rather than distributing them as profit or dividends.\nWhile not-for-profit organizations are permitted to generate surplus revenues, they must be retained by the organization for its self-preservation, expansion, or plans. NPOs have controlling members or boards. Many have paid staff including management, while others employ unpaid volunteers and even executives who work with or without compensation. Where there is a token fee, in general, it is used to meet legal requirements for establishing a contract between the executive and the organization.\nDesignation as a nonprofit does not mean that the organization does not intend to make a profit, but rather that the organization has no owners and that the funds realized in the operation of the organization will not be used to benefit any owners. The extent to which an NPO can generate surplus revenues may be constrained or use of surplus revenues may be restricted.
/m/06ztvyx	Kung Fu Panda 2 is a 2011 3D American computer-animated action comedy-drama martial arts film, directed by Jennifer Yuh Nelson, produced by DreamWorks Animation, and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is the sequel to the 2008 film Kung Fu Panda and the second installment in the Kung Fu Panda franchise. In the film, Po and his friends battle to stop a would-be conqueror with a powerful new weapon, with the giant panda discovering a disquieting link to his past in the process. The cast of the original film reprised their voice roles while the new villain, Lord Shen, is voiced by Gary Oldman.\nThe film was released on May 26, 2011 in Real D 3D and Digital 3D. Kung Fu Panda 2 received positive reviews, with critics praising its animation, voice acting, action scenes and character development. It was also a commercial success surpassing the original film and, like the original film, was the highest grossing animated feature film of the year. The film was nominated for the 2011 Academy Award for Best Animated Feature at the 84th Academy Awards.\nA sequel, titled Kung Fu Panda 3, and directed by Jennifer Yuh Nelson, is scheduled to be released on December 23, 2015.
/m/04cmrt	Simran Bagga is an actress.
/m/0j2zj	The Boston Bruins are a professional ice hockey team based in Boston, Massachusetts, United States. They are members of the Atlantic Division of the Eastern Conference of the National Hockey League. The team has been in existence since 1924, and is the league's third-oldest team and is the oldest in the United States. It is also an Original Six franchise, along with the Chicago Blackhawks, Detroit Red Wings, Montreal Canadiens, New York Rangers, and Toronto Maple Leafs. The Bruins have won six Stanley Cup championships, the fifth most of all-time and second most of any American NHL team. Their home arena is the TD Garden, where they have played since 1995. Prior to 1995, the team played its home games at the Boston Garden for 67 seasons, beginning in 1928.
/m/028kb	December is the twelfth and last month of the year in the Julian and Gregorian Calendars. It is one of seven months with the length of 31 days.\nDecember is the first month of meteorological winter in the Northern Hemisphere. In the Southern Hemisphere, December is the seasonal equivalent to June in the Northern hemisphere, which is the first month of summer. December is the month with the shortest daylight hours of the year in the Northern Hemisphere and the longest daylight hours of the year in the Southern Hemisphere.\nDecember starts on the same day of the week as September every year and ends on the same day of the week as April every year. In common years, April and July of the previous year start on the same day of the week as December of the current year as a common year and January and October of the previous year start on the same day of the week as December of the current year as a leap year. July of the previous year ends on the same day of the week as December of the current year as a common year and January, February, and October of the previous year end on the same day of the week as December of the current year as a leap year. December starts on the same day of the week as June of the following year in years immediately before common years and March and November of the following year in years immediately before leap years. December ends on the same day of the week as September of the following year in years immediately before common years and March and June of the following year in years immediately before leap years.
/m/01wwvd2	Antonio M. \"L.A.\" Reid is an American record executive, musician, songwriter, record producer, former television music competition judge, and is currently the chairman and CEO of Epic Records, a division of Sony Music Entertainment.\nA co-founder of LaFace Records, Reid's production and studio drumming skills have helped to bring numerous music figures to multi-platinum sales, including OutKast, Toni Braxton, TLC, Mariah Carey, Avril Lavigne, Paula Abdul, Pink, Justin Bieber, Rihanna, Kanye West, Usher, Ne-Yo, Rick Ross, Young Jeezy, Ciara, Kerli, and Dido. He has won three Grammy Awards.\nReid is also the president and CEO of Hitco Music Publishing, based in Atlanta, and was the chairman and CEO of the Island Def Jam Music Group for six years until his move to Epic in 2011.\nHe appeared as a judge on the first two seasons of the U.S. version of the television show The X Factor, but in December 2012 announced he would not be back for the show's third season, saying he wanted to focus on his leadership at Epic Records.
/m/01_qgp	The University of Melbourne is an Australian public university located in Melbourne, Victoria. Founded in 1853, it is Australia's second oldest university and the oldest in Victoria. Commonly considered to be Australia's most prestigious university, Melbourne is ranked as Australia's best university by Times Higher Education, Academic Ranking of World Universities and National Taiwan University Rankings. Times Higher Education ranks Melbourne as 34th in the world, while the QS World University Rankings places Melbourne 31st in the world.\nMelbourne's main campus is located in Parkville, an inner suburb north of the Melbourne central business district, with several other campuses located across Victoria. Melbourne is a sandstone university and a member of the Group of Eight, Universitas 21 and the Association of Pacific Rim Universities. Since 1872 various residential colleges have become affiliated with the university. There are 12 colleges located on the main campus and in nearby suburbs offering academic, sporting and cultural programs alongside accommodation for Melbourne students and faculty.\nMelbourne comprises 11 separate academic units and is associated with numerous institutes and research centres, including the Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, the Melbourne Institute of Applied Economic and Social Research and the Grattan Institute. Amongst Melbourne's 15 graduate schools the Melbourne Business School, the Melbourne Law School and the Melbourne Medical School are particularly well regarded.
/m/016fly	A professor is a scholarly teacher; the precise meaning of the term varies by country. Literally, professor derives from Latin as a \"person who professes\" being usually an expert in arts or sciences, a teacher of high rank. In much of the world, including most Commonwealth nations and northern Europe professor is reserved only for the most senior academics at a university, typically a department chair, or an awarded chair specifically bestowed recognizing an individual at a university or similar institution. A professor is a highly accomplished and recognized academic, and the title is in most cases awarded only after decades of scholarly work to senior academics. In the United States and Canada the title of professor is granted to a larger percentage, about a quarter, of scholars with doctorate degrees or equivalent qualifications who teach in two- and four-year colleges and universities, and is used in the titles assistant professor and associate professor, which are not considered professor-level positions in many other countries, as well as for full professors.
/m/0b_71r	The 1999 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament involved 64 schools playing in single-elimination play to determine the national champion of men's NCAA Division I college basketball. It began on March 11, 1999, and ended with the championship game on March 29 at Tropicana Field in St. Petersburg, Florida. A total of 63 games were played. This year's Final Four was the first—and so far, only—to be held in a baseball-specific facility, as Tropicana Field is home to the Tampa Bay Rays.\nThe Final Four consisted of Connecticut, making their first ever Final Four appearance, Ohio State, making their ninth Final Four appearance and first since 1968, Michigan State, making their third Final Four appearance and first since their 1979 national championship, and Duke, the overall number one seed and making their first Final Four appearance since losing the national championship game in 1994.\nIn the national championship game, Connecticut defeated Duke 77-74 to win their first ever national championship, snapping Duke's 32-game winning streak. Duke nonetheless tied the record for most games won during a single season, with 37, which they co-held until Kentucky's 38-win season in 2011-2012.
/m/0568qz	Bradford Association Football Club, is an English football club based in Bradford, West Yorkshire, England. The club was previously known as Bradford, but in the 1970s it went through a reformation and it is now referred to as Bradford Park Avenue. The club's name derived from its old stadium at Horton Park Avenue in Bradford, which was designed by Archibald Leitch, and was used to avoid confusion with Bradford City.\nThe present club claims descent from an organisation of the same name, which was a former member of the Football League that went into liquidation in 1974. The new entity, established in 1988, plays in the Conference North for the 2013–14 season, and plays its home matches at the Horsfall Athletics Stadium.\nBradford Park Avenue is one of 35 clubs to compete in all four top tiers of English football, and the only one to compete below the current fifth level.
/m/01d6jf	June Allyson was an American stage, film, and television actress.\nAllyson began her career as a dancer on Broadway in 1938. She signed with MGM in 1943, and rose to fame the following year in Two Girls and a Sailor. Allyson's \"girl next door\" image was solidified during the mid-1940s when she was paired with actor Van Johnson in five films. In 1951, she won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress for her performance in Too Young to Kiss. From 1959 to 1961, she hosted and occasionally starred in her own anthology series, The DuPont Show with June Allyson, which aired on CBS.\nIn the 1970s, she returned to the stage starring in Forty Carats and No, No Nanette. In 1982, Allyson released her autobiography June Allyson by June Allyson, and continued her career with guest starring roles on television and occasional film appearances. She later established the June Allyson Foundation for Public Awareness and Medical Research and worked to raise money for research for urological and gynecological diseases affecting senior citizens. During the 1980s, Allyson also became a spokesperson for Depend undergarments. She made her final onscreen appearance in 2001.\nAllyson was married three times and had two children with her first husband, Dick Powell. She died of respiratory failure and bronchitis in July 2006 at the age of 88.
/m/02j3d4	Edgar Meyer is an American bassist, multi-instrumentalist and composer. His styles include classical, bluegrass, newgrass, and jazz. Meyer has worked as a session musician in Nashville, part of various chamber groups, a composer, and an arranger. His collaborators have spanned a wide range of musical styles and talents; among them are Joshua Bell, Yo-Yo Ma, Jerry Douglas, Béla Fleck, Zakir Hussain, Sam Bush, James Taylor, Chris Thile, Mike Marshall, Mark O'Connor, Alison Krauss, Mary Chapin Carpenter, and the trio Nickel Creek.\nMeyer participates yearly in a bluegrass super group in Telluride, Colorado, at their annual Bluegrass Festival known as the House Band. The band also consists of Meyer's contemporaries Sam Bush, Béla Fleck, Jerry Douglas, and Stuart Duncan.
/m/01bdhf	The University of the Philippines Diliman, is a coeducational and public research university located in Quezon City, Philippines. It is the flagship campus, seat of administration, and the fourth oldest constituent university of the University of the Philippines System, the national university of the Philippines.\nDelegated in 1939 as the new campus of then University of the Philippines centered in Manila, the Diliman campus was created from the 493-hectare area of the Diliman district of the then newly established Quezon City to address the increasing population of the university and to acknowledge the demands to expand its roster of academic programs. The outbreak of World War II hampered the development of the area.\nUnder the governance of UP President Bienvenido Gonzalez through a P13 million grant from the US-Philippines War Damage Commission, much of the UP was transferred from its campus in Manila to the bigger Diliman campus and delegated UP Diliman as the University of the Philippines System's seat of administration. The transfer of the Oblation from Manila to Diliman marked the campus's establishment on February 12, 1949.
/m/0dtd6	Genesis are a British rock band that formed in 1967. The band consist of their three longest-tenured members: founding members Tony Banks and Mike Rutherford; and Phil Collins, who joined in 1970. Former members Peter Gabriel, Steve Hackett and Anthony Phillips also played major roles in the band in its early years. Genesis are among the highest-selling recording artists of all time, with approximately 130 million albums sold worldwide.\nIn the late 1960s, with the release of their first album, Genesis's music was initially regarded by the band and the fans as a pop experiment, referring to then-popular melodic pop. Then, over the course of a year, they quickly evolved into a progressive rock band with the incorporation of complex song structures and elaborate instrumentation. Their concerts became theatrical experiences with innovative stage design, pyrotechnics, extravagant costumes and on-stage stories. This second phase was characterised by lengthy performances such as the 23-minute \"Supper's Ready\" and the 1974 concept album, The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway. In the late 1970s and early 1980s the band's musical direction changed once again, becoming more pop oriented and commercially accessible. This resulted in their first top 40 single in the US with \"Follow You Follow Me\", their first number one album in the United Kingdom, Duke, and their only number one single in the United States, \"Invisible Touch\".
/m/0ywrc	The Last Emperor is a 1987 biopic about the life of Puyi, the last Emperor of China, whose autobiography was the basis for the screenplay written by Mark Peploe and Bernardo Bertolucci. Independently produced by Jeremy Thomas, it was directed by Bertolucci and released in 1987 by Columbia Pictures. Puyi's life is depicted from his ascent to the throne as a small boy to his imprisonment and political rehabilitation by the Chinese Communist authorities.\nThe film stars John Lone as Puyi, with Joan Chen, Peter O'Toole, Ruocheng Ying, Victor Wong, Dennis Dun, Ryuichi Sakamoto, Maggie Han, Ric Young, Vivian Wu, and Chen Kaige. It was the first feature film for which the producers were authorized by the Chinese government to film in the Forbidden City in Beijing. It won nine Academy Awards, including Best Picture and Best Director.
/m/03x16f	Dana Welles Delany is an American film, stage, and television actress, producer, presenter, and health activist.\nDelany has been active in show business since the late 1970s. Following small roles early in her career, Delany garnered her first leading role in 1987 in the short-lived NBC sitcom Sweet Surrender and achieved wider fame in 1988–1991 as Colleen McMurphy on the ABC television show China Beach, for which she won two Emmy Awards. She received further recognition for her performances in the films Light Sleeper, Tombstone, Exit to Eden, The Margaret Sanger Story, Fly Away Home, True Women and Wide Awake. Since the mid-1990s, Delany has served on the board of the Scleroderma Research Foundation.\nIn 2000s she returned to television with a string of short-lived television series beginning with Pasadena, Presidio Med, and Kidnapped. From 2007 to 2010 Delany played Katherine Mayfair on the ABC series Desperate Housewives. From 2011 to 2013 she played the lead role of Megan Hunt on the ABC drama series Body of Proof.\nDelany is also a voice-actress. She played Lois Lane in the DC animated universe, as well as in The Batman animated series. In an interview, she said she loves to play \"complicated characters\".
/m/026kmvf	Thiago Emiliano da Silva, commonly known as Thiago Silva, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a central defender for Ligue 1 club Paris Saint-Germain and the Brazilian national team. He is also the captain of both his club and country's national team.
/m/02p76f9	Interview with the Vampire: The Vampire Chronicles is a 1994 film directed by Neil Jordan, based on the 1976 novel Interview with the Vampire by Anne Rice, and starring Tom Cruise and Brad Pitt. The film focuses on Lestat and Louis, beginning with Louis' transformation into a vampire by Lestat in 1791. The film chronicles their time together, and their turning of a twelve-year-old girl, Claudia, into a vampire. The narrative is framed by a present day interview, in which Louis tells his story to a San Francisco reporter. The supporting cast features Christian Slater, Kirsten Dunst and Antonio Banderas.\nThe film was released in November 1994 to generally positive critical acclaim, and received Oscar nominations for Best Art Direction and Best Original Score. Kirsten Dunst was also nominated for a Golden Globe for Best Supporting Actress for her role in the film.
/m/015fr	Brazil, officially the Federative Republic of Brazil, is the largest country in both South America and the Latin American region. It is the world's fifth largest country, both by geographical area and by population. It is the largest Lusophone country in the world, and the only one in the Americas.\nBounded by the Atlantic Ocean on the east, Brazil has a coastline of 7,491 km. It is bordered on the north by Venezuela, Guyana, Suriname and the French overseas region of French Guiana; on the northwest by Colombia; on the west by Bolivia and Peru; on the southwest by Argentina and Paraguay and on the south by Uruguay. Numerous archipelagos form part of Brazilian territory, such as Fernando de Noronha, Rocas Atoll, Saint Peter and Paul Rocks, and Trindade and Martim Vaz. It borders all other South American countries except Ecuador and Chile and occupies 47 percent of the continent of South America.\nBrazil was inhabited by numerous tribal nations prior to the landing of explorer Pedro Álvares Cabral in 1500, who claimed the area for Portugal. Brazil remained a Portuguese colony until 1808, when the capital of the empire was transferred from Lisbon to Rio de Janeiro after French forces led by Emperor Napoleon Bonaparte invaded Portugal. In 1815, it was elevated to the rank of kingdom upon the formation of the United Kingdom of Portugal, Brazil and the Algarves. Its independence was achieved in 1822 with the creation of the Empire of Brazil, a unitary state governed under a constitutional monarchy and a parliamentary system. The country became a presidential republic in 1889, when a military coup d'état proclaimed the Republic, although the bicameral legislature, now called Congress, dates back to the ratification of the first constitution in 1824. An authoritarian military junta had led the nation from 1964 until 1985. Brazil's current Constitution, formulated in 1988, defines it as a federal republic. The Federation is composed of the union of the Federal District, the 26 States, and the 5,564 Municipalities.
/m/01wqlc	20th-century classical music was without a dominant style and highly diverse.
/m/0bqxw	Emory University is a private research university in metropolitan Atlanta, located in the Druid Hills section of unincorporated DeKalb County, Georgia, United States. The university was founded as Emory College in 1836 in Oxford, Georgia by a small group of Methodists and was named in honor of Methodist bishop John Emory. A land-grant by Asa Candler in 1915, then president of The Coca-Cola Company, allowed the small college to move to metropolitan Atlanta and become rechartered as Emory University. The university's mission statement is \"to create, preserve, teach, and apply knowledge in the service of humanity.\"\nThe university has nearly 3,000 faculty members; awards and honors recognizing Emory faculty include the Nobel Prize, the Pulitzer Prize, National Humanities Medal, Guggenheim Fellowship, Fulbright Fellowship, and membership in the American Academy of Arts & Sciences and the National Academy of Sciences. Emory is ranked 20th among national universities in U.S. News & World Report 's 2014 rankings.\nThe university has nine academic divisions: Emory College of Arts and Sciences, Oxford College, Goizueta Business School, Laney Graduate School, School of Law, School of Medicine, Nell Hodgson Woodruff School of Nursing, Rollins School of Public Health, and the Candler School of Theology.
/m/06vnh2	Werner Stengel is a German roller coaster designer and engineer. Stengel is the founder of Stengel Engineering, also known as Ingenieur Büro Stengel GmbH.\nBorn 22 August 1936, in Bochum, Germany, Stengel first worked on amusement park rides in collaboration with Anton Schwarzkopf in 1963. He established his own company, Stengel Engineering, in 1965. His collaboration with Schwarzkopf was responsible for many innovations in roller coaster design, including in 1976 the first modern looping coaster - Revolution at Six Flags Magic Mountain. His clothoid loop is now standard on many roller coasters as it produces less intense forces on the human body than a circular vertical loop. In 1976 Stengel and Schwarzkopf established the first horizontal launch \"Shuttle Loop\". He was also noted as being a pioneer in heartlining, the principle of having the track twist/rotate around the rider's heart line, rather than the track rotating around its own center.\nSince Schwarzkopf's retirement, he has maintained his eminent position in the amusement park industry ever since; he has worked on most of the world's record-breaking roller coasters, including Son of Beast, Millennium Force, Bizarro, Top Thrill Dragster, Kingda Ka, Dollywood's Mystery Mine, El Toro, and many others. In the 2004 Amusement Today Golden Ticket Awards list of the world's top 50 steel roller coasters, 72% have had direct involvement with Stengel Engineering.
/m/040fb	June is the sixth month of the year in the Julian and Gregorian calendars and one of the four months with a length of 30 days. June is the month with the longest daylight hours of the year in the Northern Hemisphere and the shortest daylight hours of the year in the Southern Hemisphere. Since June has the longest daylight hours in the northern hemisphere, it is the longest month of the year, even though it has 30 days. June in the Northern Hemisphere is the seasonal equivalent to December in the Southern Hemisphere and vice versa. June is the second hottest month of the year and the third rainiest month of the year. In the Northern hemisphere, the beginning of the meteorological summer is 1 June. In the Southern hemisphere, the beginning of the meteorological winter is 1 June.\nAt the start of June, the sun rises in the constellation of Taurus; at the end of June, the sun rises in the constellation of Gemini. However, due to the precession of the equinoxes, June begins with the sun in the astrological sign of Gemini, and ends with the sun in the astrological sign of Cancer.\nNo months start on the same day of the week of June in common or leap years. This month and May are the only two months to have this property. June ends on the same day of the week as March in all years. In all years, June starts on the same day of the week as February of the following year, in years immediately before common years, June starts on the same day of the week as March and November of the following year, in years immediately before leap years, June starts on the same day of the week as August of the following year. In years immediately before common years, June ends on the same day of the week as August and November of the following year and in years immediately before leap years, June ends on the same day of the week as May of the following year. In common years, June starts on the same day of the week as September and December of the previous year while in leap years, June starts on the same day of the week as April and July of the previous year. In common years, June finishes on the same day of the week as September of the previous year while in leap years, June finishes on the same day of the week as April and December of the previous year.
/m/0j8f09z	Beasts of the Southern Wild is a 2012 American fantasy drama film directed by Benh Zeitlin and adapted by Zeitlin and Lucy Alibar from Alibar's one-act play Juicy and Delicious. After playing at film festivals, it was released on June 27, 2012, in New York and Los Angeles, and later expanded wider. The film was nominated for four Academy Awards at the 85th Academy Awards, in the categories Best Picture, Best Director, Best Adapted Screenplay, and Best Actress. At age 9, Wallis became the youngest Best Actress nominee in history.
/m/0hw1j	Robert Towne is an American screenwriter and director. His most notable work may be his Academy Award-winning original screenplay for Roman Polanski's Chinatown.
/m/08821	The Yom Kippur War, Ramadan War, or October War, also known as the 1973 Arab–Israeli War, was a war fought by the coalition of Arab states led by Egypt and Syria against Israel from October 6 to 25, 1973.\nThe war began when the Arab coalition launched a joint surprise attack on Israeli positions in the Israeli-occupied territories on Yom Kippur, the holiest day in Judaism, which occurred that year during the Muslim holy month of Ramadan. Egyptian and Syrian forces crossed ceasefire lines to enter the Sinai Peninsula and Golan Heights respectively, which had been captured by Israel in the 1967 Six-Day War. Both the United States and the Soviet Union initiated massive resupply efforts to their respective allies during the war, and this led to a near-confrontation between the two nuclear superpowers.\nThe war began with a massive and successful Egyptian crossing of the Suez Canal. After crossing the cease-fire lines, Egyptian forces advanced virtually unopposed into the Sinai Peninsula. After three days, Israel had mobilized most of its forces and managed to halt the Egyptian offensive, settling into a stalemate. The Syrians coordinated their attack on the Golan Heights to coincide with the Egyptian offensive and initially made threatening gains into Israeli-held territory. Within three days, however, Israeli forces had managed to push the Syrians back to the pre-war ceasefire lines. They then launched a four-day counter-offensive deep into Syria. Within a week, Israeli artillery began to shell the outskirts of Damascus. As Egyptian president Anwar Sadat began to worry about the integrity of his major ally, he believed that capturing two strategic passes located deeper in the Sinai would make his position stronger during the negotiations. He therefore ordered the Egyptians to go back on the offensive, but the attack was quickly repulsed. The Israelis then counterattacked at the seam between the two Egyptian armies, crossed the Suez Canal into Egypt, and began slowly advancing southward and westward towards Cairo in over a week of heavy fighting that inflicted heavy casualties on both sides.
/m/0b2h3	Monterrey, is the capital and largest city of the northeastern state of Nuevo León in the country of Mexico. The city is anchor to the third-largest metropolitan area in Mexico and is ranked as the ninth-largest city in the nation. Monterrey serves as a commercial center in the north of the country and is the base of many significant international corporations. It is amongst Mexico's wealthiest cities and the world's 63rd wealthiest, with an economy that had a 2008 GDP of USD $102 billion. Monterrey is one of Mexico's most developed cities, with the highest per capita income in the nation, and is regarded as a highly developed city. Rich in history and culture, Monterrey is often regarded as the most \"Americanized\" city in the entire country, even above the cities along the U.S.-Mexico border.\nAs an important industrial and business center, the city is also home to an array of Mexican companies, including Pemex, Grupo Avante, Lanix Electronics, Ocresa, CEMEX, Vitro, Zonda Telecom, Mercedes-Benz Mexico, OXXO, Mastretta, BMW de Mexico, Mabe, Grupo Bimbo, DINA S.A., Cuauhtémoc Moctezuma Brewery and Heineken, which features Neoleonés capital and Grupo ALFA. Monterrey is also home to international companies such as Sony, Toshiba, Carrier, Whirlpool, Samsung, Toyota, Daewoo, Ericsson, Nokia, Dell, Boeing, HTC, General Electric, Gamesa, LG, SAS Institute, Grundfos, Danfoss, and Teleperformance, among others. The city is considered a Beta World City.
/m/08l0x2	The Women of Brewster Place is an American television miniseries that was broadcast on March 19 and 20, 1989 on ABC. The miniseries is based upon the critically acclaimed 1982 novel of the same name by Gloria Naylor. It was produced by Oprah Winfrey's Harpo Productions with a teleplay by Karen Hall.\nThe miniseries stars an ensemble cast of African-American actors and actresses such as Cicely Tyson, Oprah Winfrey, Jackée Harry, Robin Givens, Lynn Whitfield, Paula Kelly, Lonette McKee, Paul Winfield, Mary Alice, Olivia Cole, William Allen Young, and a brief early appearance by a young Larenz Tate.\nThe miniseries received such a good reception that it led to a weekly series entitled Brewster Place. However, it was short-lived due to low ratings.\nIt is frequently broadcast on TV One and BET.\nThe show's theme song was performed by American R&B singer Vesta Williams, who performed both the opening and closing credits.
/m/040fv	July is the seventh month of the year in the Julian and Gregorian Calendars and one of seven months with the length of 31 days. It was named by the Roman Senate in honor of the Roman general, Julius Caesar, it being the month of his birth. Prior to that, it was called Quintilis. It is, on average, the warmest month in most of the Northern hemisphere and the coldest month in much of the Southern hemisphere. July is the rainiest and the month to have the most thunderstorms of the year. The second half of the year commences in July. In the Southern hemisphere, July is the seasonal equivalent of January in the Northern hemisphere.\nJuly starts on the same day of the week as April in every year, and January in leap years. In a common year no other month ends on the same day as July, while in a leap year July ends on the same day of the week as January. October of the previous year starts on the same day of the week as July of the current year as a common year and May of the previous year starts on the same day of the week as July of the current year as a leap year. February and October of the previous year end on the same day of the week as July of the current year as a common year and May of the previous year ends on the same day of the week as July of the current year as a leap year. In years immediately before common years, July starts on the same day of the week as September and December of the following year and in years immediately before leap years, July starts on the same day of the week as June of the following year. In years immediately before common years, July ends on the same day of the week as April and December of the following year and in years immediately before leap years, July ends on the same day of the week as September of the following year.
/m/01jmv8	Judy Davis is an Australian actress best known for her roles in Husbands and Wives, Barton Fink, A Passage to India and in the TV miniseries Life with Judy Garland: Me and My Shadows.\nDavis first came to attention for her role as the fiery Sybylla Melvyn in the 1979 film My Brilliant Career. She has won many acting awards, including two Golden Globe awards, three Emmy awards, two BAFTA awards and seven AFI Awards. She has also been nominated twice for an Academy Award.
/m/02sg5v	A View to a Kill is the fourteenth spy film of the James Bond series, and the seventh and last to star Roger Moore as the fictional MI6 agent James Bond. Although the title is adapted from Ian Fleming's short story \"From a View to a Kill\", the film is the fourth Bond film after The Spy Who Loved Me, Moonraker and Octopussy to have an entirely original screenplay. In A View to a Kill, Bond is pitted against Max Zorin, who plans to destroy California's Silicon Valley.\nThe film was produced by Albert R. Broccoli and Michael G. Wilson, who also wrote the screenplay with Richard Maibaum. It was the third James Bond film to be directed by John Glen, and the last to feature Lois Maxwell as Miss Moneypenny.\nDespite being a commercial success, with the Duran Duran theme song \"A View to a Kill\" performing well in the charts and earning a Golden Globe nomination for Best Song, the film received a mixed reception by critics and was disliked by Roger Moore. Christopher Walken, however, was praised for portraying a \"classic Bond villain\".
/m/046rfv	Meena Durairaj, mononymously known as Meena, is an Indian actress who has starred as a lead heroine in the South Indian film industry. She started her career as a child artist at the age of four in 1982 and acted in Tamil, Telugu, Malayalam, Kannada and several Hindi films. She is one of the most established actresses in the South Indian film industry. In addition to acting, Meena is a model, singer, dancer, TV host and occasional dubbing artiste.
/m/0284jb	North Hollywood is a neighborhood in the San Fernando Valley region of the city of Los Angeles, California. It is home to the NoHo Arts District and the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences, and it has seven public and eight private schools.\nThere is a municipal park and a recreation center. The neighborhood is an important transportation center, and it is also the place where many notable people have lived or worked.\nNorth Hollywood was established by the Lankershim Ranch Land and Water Company in 1887. It was first named \"Toluca\" before being renamed \"Lankershim\" in 1896 and finally \"North Hollywood\" in 1927. Although named \"North Hollywood\", it is not contiguous with its well-known namesake district of Hollywood, and is separated from Hollywood by several neighborhoods and the Santa Monica Mountains.
/m/047tsx3	The Notebook is a 2004 American romantic drama film directed by Nick Cassavetes and based on the novel of the same name by Nicholas Sparks. The film stars Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams as a young couple who fall in love during the early 1940s. Their story is narrated from the present day by an elderly man telling the tale to a fellow nursing home resident.\nThe Notebook received mixed reviews but performed well at the box office and received several award nominations, winning eight Teen Choice Awards, a Satellite Award and a MTV Movie Award. The film has gained a cult following. On November 11, 2012, ABC Family premiered an extended version with deleted scenes added back into the original storyline.
/m/03ldxq	Ann Curry is an American television personality, news journalist and photojournalist. In June 2012, she became the National and International Correspondent/Anchor for NBC News and the Anchor at Large for the Today show. She was co-anchor of Today from June 9, 2011 to June 28, 2012 and the program's news anchor from March 1997 until becoming co-anchor. She was also the anchor of Dateline NBC from 2005 to 2011.
/m/054c1	Michael Jeffrey Jordan, also known by his initials, MJ, is an American former professional basketball player, entrepreneur, and majority owner and chairman of the Charlotte Bobcats. His biography on the National Basketball Association website states, \"By acclamation, Michael Jordan is the greatest basketball player of all time.\" Jordan was one of the most effectively marketed athletes of his generation and was considered instrumental in popularizing the NBA around the world in the 1980s and 1990s.\nAfter a three-season career at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, where he was a member of the Tar Heels' national championship team in 1982, Jordan joined the NBA's Chicago Bulls in 1984. He quickly emerged as a league star, entertaining crowds with his prolific scoring. His leaping ability, illustrated by performing slam dunks from the free throw line in slam dunk contests, earned him the nicknames \"Air Jordan\" and \"His Airness\". He also gained a reputation for being one of the best defensive players in basketball. In 1991, he won his first NBA championship with the Bulls, and followed that achievement with titles in 1992 and 1993, securing a \"three-peat\". Although Jordan abruptly retired from basketball before the beginning of the 1993–94 NBA season to pursue a career in baseball, he rejoined the Bulls in 1995 and led them to three additional championships in 1996, 1997, and 1998, as well as an NBA-record 72 regular-season wins in the 1995–96 NBA season. Jordan retired for a second time in 1999, but returned for two more NBA seasons from 2001 to 2003 as a member of the Washington Wizards.
/m/0x0w	Aesthetics is a branch of philosophy dealing with the nature of art, beauty, and taste, with the creation and appreciation of beauty. It is more scientifically defined as the study of sensory or sensori-emotional values, sometimes called judgments of sentiment and taste. More broadly, scholars in the field define aesthetics as \"critical reflection on art, culture and nature.\"\nMore specific aesthetic theory, often with practical implications, relating to a particular branch of the arts is divided into areas of aesthetics such as art theory, literary theory, film theory and music theory. An example from art theory is aesthetic theory as a set of principles underlying the work of a particular artist or artistic movement: such as the Cubist aesthetic.
/m/04pry	Lansing is the capital of the U.S. state of Michigan. It is located mostly in Ingham County, although small portions of the city extend into Eaton County. The 2010 Census places the city's population at 114,297, making it the sixth largest city in Michigan. The population of its Metropolitan Statistical Area was 464,036, while the even larger Combined Statistical Area population, which includes Shiawassee County, was 534,684.\nThe Lansing Metropolitan Area, colloquially referred to as \"Mid-Michigan\", is an important center for educational, cultural, governmental, commercial, and industrial functions. The area is home to two medical schools, one veterinary school, two nursing schools, two law schools, a Big Ten Conference university, the Michigan State Capitol, the state Supreme Court and Court of Appeals, a federal court, the Library of Michigan and Historical Center, and headquarters of four national insurance companies.\nLansing is the only U.S. state capital that is not also a county seat. The county seat of Ingham County is Mason, but the county maintains some offices in Lansing.
/m/0rkkv	Pensacola is the westernmost city in the Florida Panhandle and the county seat of Escambia County, Florida, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city had a total population of 51,923. Pensacola is the principal city of the Pensacola metropolitan area, which had an estimated 461,227 residents in 2012.\nPensacola is a sea port on Pensacola Bay, which connects to the Gulf of Mexico. A large United States Naval Air Station, the first in the United States, is located southwest of Pensacola and is home to the Blue Angels flight demonstration team and the National Naval Aviation Museum. The main campus of the University of West Florida is situated north of the city center.\nThe area was originally inhabited by Muskogean peoples; the Pensacola people lived there at the time of European contact. Pensacola Bay was the site of Spanish explorer Tristán de Luna's short-lived settlement in 1559. In 1698 the Spanish established a presidio in the area, laying the foundation for the modern city. It changed hands several times over the next several years, and became the capital of West Florida during Florida's British and second Spanish periods. Pensacola is nicknamed \"The City of Five Flags\" due to the five governments that have flown flags over it during its history: the flags of Spain, France, Great Britain, the Confederate States of America, and the United States. Other nicknames include \"World's Whitest Beaches\", \"Cradle of Naval Aviation\", \"Western Gate to the Sunshine State\", \"America's First Settlement\", \"Emerald Coast\", \"Redneck Riviera\", \"Red Snapper Capital of the World\", and \"P-Cola\".
/m/0l2vz	San Mateo County is a county located in the San Francisco Bay Area of the U.S. state of California. It covers most of the San Francisco Peninsula just south of San Francisco, and north of Santa Clara County. San Francisco International Airport is located at the northern end of the county, and Silicon Valley begins at the southern end. As of 2010 the population was 718,451. The county seat is Redwood City. It is ethnically diverse, and affluent. The county's built-up areas are mostly suburban with some areas being very urban, and are home to several corporate campuses.
/m/0lmm3	Watford Football Club is an English professional football club based in Hertfordshire, England. It is often referred to as Watford F.C., Watford, or by the team's nickname the Hornets. Founded in 1881 as Watford Rovers, the club entered the FA Cup for the first time in 1886, and the Southern League a decade later. After finishing the 1914–15 season as Southern League champions under the management of Harry Kent, Watford joined the Football League in 1920. The club played at several grounds in its early history, before moving to a permanent location at Vicarage Road in 1922, where it remains to this day. Watford spent most of the following half century in the lower divisions of The Football League, changing colours and crest on multiple occasions.\nA period under the leadership of future England manager Graham Taylor saw Watford scale new heights. Between Taylor's appointment in 1977 and departure in 1987, Watford rose from the Fourth Division to the First Division. The team finished second in the First Division in the 1982–83 season, competed in the UEFA Cup in 1983–84, and also reached the 1984 FA Cup Final. Watford experienced a decade of decline between 1987 and 1997, before Taylor returned as full-time manager, leading the team to successive promotions from the renamed Second Division to the Premier League. The club's most recent stint in the top division of English football was during the 2006–07 season, under Aidy Boothroyd's management. In the 2013–14 season, Watford will compete in the Football League Championship – the second highest level of English football.
/m/02778pf	Marci Klein is a four-time Emmy Award-winning American television producer who is best known for her work on 30 Rock and Saturday Night Live.\nDuring Alec Baldwin's 2007 Golden Globes acceptance speech, he personally thanked Klein and referred to her as \"the greatest producer in the history of broadcast television,\" to which she received an ovation from the audience.\nKlein is the daughter of fashion designer Calvin Klein, and his first wife, Jayne.\nKlein married Scott Murphy in 2000. They have since divorced.\nIn 1978, Marci was kidnapped and held for 9 hours until a $100,000 dollar ransom was paid. Police arrested the culprits.
/m/03bdv	Greenwich Mean Time originally referred to the mean solar time at the Royal Observatory in Greenwich, London, which later became adopted as a global time standard. It is for the most part the same as Coordinated Universal Time, and when this is viewed as a time zone, the name Greenwich Mean Time is especially used by bodies connected with the United Kingdom, such as the BBC World Service, the Royal Navy, the Met Office and others particularly in Arab countries, such as the Middle East Broadcasting Center and OSN. It is the term in common use in the United Kingdom and countries of the Commonwealth, including Australia, South Africa, India, Pakistan and Malaysia, and many other countries in the Eastern Hemisphere.\nBefore the introduction of UTC on 1 January 1972, Greenwich Mean Time was the same as Universal Time, a standard astronomical concept used in many technical fields.\nIn the United Kingdom, GMT is the official time during winter; during summer British Summer Time is used. GMT is the same as Western European Time.\nNoon Greenwich Mean Time is rarely the exact moment when the sun crosses the Greenwich meridian and reaches its highest point in the sky there, because of Earth's uneven speed in its elliptic orbit and its axial tilt. This event may be up to 16 minutes away from noon GMT, a discrepancy calculated by the equation of time. Noon is the annual average time of this event, prompting the inclusion of \"mean\" in \"Greenwich Mean Time\".
/m/0ctzf1	The Transformers is the first animated television series in the Transformers franchise. The series depicts a war among giant robots that can transform into vehicles and other objects. Written and recorded in America, the series was animated in Japan and South Korea. The entire series was based upon the Diaclone and Microman toy lines originally created by Japanese toy manufacturer Takara, which were developed into the Transformers toy line by American company Hasbro. The series was supplemented by a feature film, The Transformers: The Movie, taking place between the second and third seasons.\nIn Japan, the series was called Fight! Super Robot Life Form Transformers for Seasons 1 and 2, and Transformers 2010 for Season 3. Following the conclusion of the series in 1987 but in 1988 the 5th & last season of the series is the retelling story of the TV series rerun Episodes with power master optimus prime as the host of the 5th season of TV series with a boy named Tommy., the Japanese created Transformers: The Headmasters, a sequel series.\nDue to the 1992 franchise-wide relaunch under the name Transformers: Generation 2, the original series and its toy and comic book parallels are referred to as Transformers: Generation 1, aka G1. Initially a fan-coined term, it has since made its way into official use as a retronym. Although not a completely new show, new CGI features such as bumpers, alter the appearance of the old episodes.
/m/0m2l9	Neil Young is a  singer-songwriter, Musician,film score composer, film producer, film director, actor and screenwriter.
/m/0k_kr	Parlophone is a record label that was founded in Germany in 1896 by the Carl Lindström Company as Parlophon. The British branch was formed in 1923 as \"Parlophone Records\" which developed a reputation in the 1920s as a leading jazz label. In 1926, Columbia Graphophone Company acquired the Parlophone business, label name and its titles. Columbia Graphophone later became Columbia Records, and then EMI.\nOn 21 September 2012, regulators officially approved Universal Music Group's planned acquisition of EMI, on condition that Parlophone was divested from the combined group. Parlophone and the other labels to be divested were operated in an entity known as Parlophone Label Group, pending their sale. Warner Music Group acquired the group in May 2013, making it WMG's third \"mainline\" label group alongside Warner Bros. Records and Atlantic Records—Parlophone is the oldest of WMG's three groups.\nGeorge Martin joined EMI in 1950 as assistant label manager, taking over as manager in 1955. Martin produced and released a mix of product including comedy recordings of The Goons, the pianist Mrs Mills, and teen idol Adam Faith. In 1962 Martin signed rising new Liverpool band The Beatles. With Cilla Black, Billy J. Kramer, The Fourmost, and contemporary Mancunian band The Hollies also signed to the label, Parlophone in the 1960s became one of the world's most famous and prestigious record labels.
/m/05tbn	Pennsylvania, officially the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, is a U.S. state that is located in the Northeastern and Mid-Atlantic regions of the United States, and the Great Lakes region. The state borders Delaware to the southeast, Maryland to the south, West Virginia to the southwest, Ohio to the west, Lake Erie and Ontario, Canada to the northwest, New York to the north and New Jersey to the east. The Appalachian Mountains run through the middle of the state.\nPennsylvania is the 33rd most extensive, the 6th most populous, and the 9th most densely populated of the 50 United States. The state's four most populous cities are Philadelphia, Pittsburgh, Allentown, and Erie. The state capital is Harrisburg. Pennsylvania has 51 miles of coastline along Lake Erie and 57 miles of shoreline along the Delaware Estuary. The state is one of the 13 original founding states of the United States.
/m/03nfnx	Shrek the Third is a 2007 American computer-animated fantasy comedy film, and the third installment in the Shrek franchise. It was produced by Jeffrey Katzenberg for DreamWorks Animation, and is the first in the series to be distributed by Paramount Pictures who acquired DreamWorks Pictures in 2006. It was released in U.S. theaters on May 18, 2007. Although the film received mixed reviews from critics, it grossed $798 million, making it a commercial success.\nIt was produced with the working title of Shrek 3, the name being changed to avoid potential confusion with Shrek 4-D. Like the first two Shrek films, the film is based on fairy tale themes. It was nominated for Best Animated Movie at the 2008 Kids' Choice Awards, but lost to Ratatouille. It was also nominated for the BAFTA Award for Best Animated Film at the 61st British Academy Film Awards. This film also pairs former Monty Python members Eric Idle and John Cleese for the first time since 1993's Splitting Heirs.
/m/044rv	Jakarta, officially known as the Special Capital Region of Jakarta, is the capital and largest city of Indonesia, and one of the most populous urban agglomerations in the world.\nLocated on the northwest coast of Java, Jakarta is the country's economic, cultural and political centre, and with a population of 9,761,407 as of December 2012, it is the most populous city in Indonesia and in Southeast Asia. The official metropolitan area, known as Jabodetabek, is the second largest in the world, yet the metropolis's suburbs still continue beyond it. The metropolitan has an area of 4,383.53 square kilometres and population of well over 28 million.\nJakarta is listed as a global city in the 2008 Globalization and World Cities Study Group and Network research. Based on survey by Brooking Institute, in 2011 growth of economic of Jakarta ranked 17th among the world's 200 largest cities, a jump from its 2007 ranking of 171. Jakarta has grown more rapidly than Kuala Lumpur, Beijing and Bangkok.\nEstablished in the fourth century, the city became an important trading port for the Kingdom of Sunda. It was the de facto capital of the Dutch East Indies and has continued as the capital of Indonesia since the country's independence was declared in 1945.
/m/018ljb	The 1912 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the V Olympiad, were an international multi-sport event held in Stockholm, Sweden, between 5 May and 27 July 1912. Twenty-eight nations and 2,408 competitors, including 48 women, competed in 102 events in 14 sports. With the exception of tennis and football and shooting, the games were held within a month with an official opening on 6 July. It was the last Olympics to issue solid gold medals and, with Japan's debut, the first time an Asian nation participated. Stockholm was the only bid for the games, and was selected in 1909.\nThe games were the first to have art competitions, women's diving, women's swimming, and the first to feature both the decathlon and the new pentathlon, both won by Jim Thorpe. Electric timing was introduced in athletics, while the host country disallowed boxing. Figure skating was rejected by the organizers because they wanted to promote the Nordic Games. United States won the most gold medals, while Sweden won the most medals overall.
/m/09dv49	Innocent Thekkethala, popularly known as Innocent, is an Indian film actor and producer. He was born in Irinjalakuda in Thrissur district of Kerala, India. He is one of the most successful and leading comedy actors of Malayalam cinema. He is noted for his witty mannerisms and dialogue delivery in the typical Thrissur accent.\nRecently Innocent was hospitalized for throat cancer, and it has been confirmed he suffers from lymphoma, a type of cancer of lymphocytes. But sources close to him insisted there is no room for worry as the cancer was in its early stage and could be treated. He survived cancer.
/m/03hjv97	The Merry Widow is a 1934 film adaptation of the operetta of the same name by Franz Lehár. It was directed and produced by Ernst Lubitsch and starred Maurice Chevalier and Jeanette MacDonald. A French-language version was produced at the same time and released in France the same year as La Veuve joyeuse.
/m/01v2xl	Aberystwyth University is a public research university located in Aberystwyth, Wales. Aberystwyth was a founding Member Institution of the former federal University of Wales. There are over 7,500 students in the University's three main faculties of arts, social science and the sciences.\nFounded in 1872 as University College Wales, Aberystwyth became a founder member of the University of Wales in 1894 and changed its name to the University College of Wales, Aberystwyth. In the mid-1990s, the university again changed its name to the University of Wales, Aberystwyth. On 1 September 2007, the University of Wales ceased to be a federal university and Aberystwyth became independent again. However, students enrolled from the 2009/2010 academic year onwards, or whose first year of study was in the 2008/2009 academic year, can choose to receive their degree from the University of Wales or Aberystwyth University.\nThe National Student Survey named Aberystwyth fifth in the UK in 2006 and tenth in 2007 for overall student satisfaction. In The Times Good University Guide 2008, it shared with five other UK universities the highest score for \"student satisfaction\" and ranked 39th out of 113 overall. The Guardian University Guide 2013 ranks Aberystwyth equal 81st overall out of 120 UK universities, and the Complete University Guide ranks it 58th out of 116.
/m/049n7	The Kansas City Royals are a Major League Baseball team based in Kansas City, Missouri. The Royals are a member of the Central Division of Major League Baseball's American League. Since 1973, the Royals have played in Kauffman Stadium. The Royals have participated in two World Series, winning in 1985.\nThe \"Royals\" name originates from the American Royal, a livestock show, horse show, and rodeo held annually in Kansas City since 1899. The name also followed a theme of other professional franchises in the city, including the Kansas City Chiefs football team and the Kansas City Monarchs of the Negro National League.\nEntering the American League as an expansion franchise in 1969, along with the Seattle Pilots, the club was founded by Ewing Kauffman, a Kansas City businessman. The franchise was established following the actions of Stuart Symington, then-United States Senator from Missouri, who demanded a new franchise for the city after the Athletics moved to Oakland, California.\nThe new team quickly became a powerhouse, appearing in the playoffs 7 out of 10 seasons from 1976 to 1985, including one World Series championship and another pennant, led by stars such as George Brett, Frank White, Willie Wilson and Bret Saberhagen. The team remained competitive throughout the mid-1990s, but had only one winning season from 1995-2012.
/m/01nbk4	The Communist Party of Germany was a major political party in Germany between 1918 and 1933, and a minor party in West Germany in the postwar period until it was banned in 1956. In the 1920s it was called the \"Spartacists\", since it was formed from the Spartacus League.\nFounded in the aftermath of the First World War by socialists opposed to the war, led by Rosa Luxemburg, after her death the party became gradually ever more committed to Leninism and later Stalinism. During the Weimar Republic period, the KPD usually polled between 10 and 15 per cent of the vote and was represented in the Reichstag and in state parliaments. The party directed most of its attacks on the Social Democratic Party of Germany, which it considered its main opponent. Banned in Nazi Germany one day after Adolf Hitler emerged triumphant in the German elections in 1933, the KPD maintained an underground organization but suffered heavy losses. The party was revived in divided postwar West and East Germany and won seats in the first Bundestag elections in 1949, but its support collapsed following the establishment of a communist state in the Soviet occupation zone of Germany.
/m/0c4xc	A situation comedy, often shortened to sitcom, is a genre of comedy that features characters sharing the same common environment, such as a home or workplace, with often humorous dialogue. Such programs originated in radio, but today, sitcoms are found mostly on television as one of its dominant narrative forms.\nA situation comedy television program may be recorded in front of a studio audience. The effect of a live studio audience can be imitated by the use of a laugh track.
/m/03gqb0k	The Ole Miss Rebels football team represents the University of Mississippi, also known as Ole Miss. The Rebels compete in the Football Bowl Subdivision of the National Collegiate Athletics Association and the Western Division of the Southeastern Conference. The football history of Ole Miss includes the formation of the first football team in the state and the 26th team on the list of college football's all-time winning programs. The Ole Miss Rebels posted their 600th win on September 27, 2008 when they defeated the Florida Gators 31–30 at Ben Hill Griffin Stadium in Gainesville, Florida.\nThroughout the 115-year history of Ole Miss football, the Rebels have won six Southeastern Conference titles; they also have won one recognized national championship. The team is currently coached by Hugh Freeze.
/m/0flddp	Henry King was an American film director.\nBefore coming to film, King worked as an actor in various repertoire theatres, and first started to take small film roles in 1912. He directed for the first time in 1915, and grew to become one of the most commercially successful Hollywood directors of the 1920s and 1930s. He was twice nominated for the Best Director Oscar. In 1944, he was awarded the first Golden Globe Award for Best Director for his film The Song of Bernadette. He worked most often with Tyrone Power and Gregory Peck and for 20th Century Fox.\nHenry King was one of the 36 founders of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, which awards excellence of cinematic achievements every year. He directed over 100 films in his career.\nIn 1955, King was awarded The George Eastman Award, given by George Eastman House for distinguished contribution to the art of film.\nDuring World War II, King served as the deputy commander of the Civil Air Patrol coastal patrol base in Brownsville, TX, holding the grade of captain. In his final years, he was the oldest licensed private pilot in the United States, having obtained his license in 1918.
/m/02h9_l	Toni Michele Braxton is an American R&B singer-songwriter, pianist, musician, record producer, actress, television personality, and philanthropist. Braxton has won six Grammy Awards, seven American Music Awards, and nine Billboard Music Awards. Throughout the years, she has sold over 66 million records worldwide establishing herself as an R&B icon. Braxton was one of the best-selling female artist of the 1990s, garnering her honorific titles such as the \"Queen of R&B\".\nBraxton topped the Billboard 200 with her 1993 self-titled debut studio album and its hit singles \"Love Shoulda Brought You Home\", \"Another Sad Love Song\", \"Breathe Again\" and \"You Mean the World to Me\". She continued that streak with her second studio album, Secrets, which spawned the number-one hits \"You're Makin' Me High\" and \"Unbreak My Heart\" in 1996. Although she had successful albums and singles, Braxton filed for bankruptcy in 1998, but then returned with her chart-topping third album, The Heat in 2000, which included the international hit single \"He Wasn't Man Enough\". In 2009, she returned to the spotlight with \"Yesterday\", a No. 12 R&B hit which served as the first single from her new album Pulse, released on May 4, 2010, which debuted at No. 1 on Billboard R&B Album Chart. Braxton was involved in the 7th season of the reality show Dancing with the Stars. Her professional partner was Alec Mazo. She was voted off in week five of the competition. It was announced on October 6, 2010 that Braxton had once again filed for bankruptcy and was reporting somewhere between $1–$50 million in debts. Braxton was later discharged of her debt. A reality series entitled Braxton Family Values, starring Toni and her sisters, debuted April 12, 2011 on WE tv. WE tv ordered a 13-episode second season of the show after the third episode of the first season. On September 18, 2011, Braxton was inducted into the Georgia Music Hall of Fame. Braxton released the single \"Hurt You\" from her upcoming duet album with Babyface entitled Love, Marriage & Divorce and as of December 2013 it marks her seventh Billboard Adult R&B No. 1 on the chart.
/m/0ws0h	Greenville is a city in Washington County, Mississippi, United States. The population was 34,400 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Washington County.
/m/0564x	My Neighbor Totoro is a 1988 Japanese animated fantasy film written and directed by Hayao Miyazaki and produced by Studio Ghibli. The film – which stars the voice actors Noriko Hidaka, Chika Sakamoto, and Hitoshi Takagi – tells the story of the two young daughters of a professor and their interactions with friendly wood spirits in postwar rural Japan. The film won the Animage Anime Grand Prix prize and the Mainichi Film Award for Best Film in 1988.\nThe film was released on VHS and laserdisc in the United States by Tokuma Japan Communications' US subsidiary in 1993 under the title My Friend Totoro.\nIn 1988, Streamline Pictures produced an exclusive dub for use on transpacific flights by Japan Airlines and its Oneworld partners. Troma Films, under their 50th St. Films banner, distributed the dub of the film co-produced by Jerry Beck. It was released on VHS and DVD by Fox Video. Troma's and Fox's rights to this version expired in 2004. The film was re-released by Walt Disney Pictures on March 7, 2006 and by Madman on March 15, 2006. It features a new dub cast. This DVD release is the first version of the film in the United States to include both Japanese and English language tracks, as Fox did not have the rights to the Japanese audio track for their version.
/m/070ny	The Square Company, Limited was a Japanese video game company founded in September 1986 by Masashi Miyamoto. It merged with Enix in 2003 and became part of Square Enix. The company sometimes used Squaresoft as a brand name to refer to their games, and the term is occasionally used to refer to the company itself. In addition, \"Squaresoft, Inc\" was the name of the company's American arm before the merger, after which it was renamed to \"Square Enix, Inc\".
/m/086k8	Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc., formerly known as Warner Bros. Studios, commonly referred to as Warner Bros., or simply WB—is an American producer of film, television, and music entertainment.\nOne of the major film studios, it is a subsidiary of Time Warner, with its headquarters in Burbank, California and New York. Warner Bros. has several subsidiary companies, including Warner Bros. Studios, Warner Bros. Pictures, Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment, Warner Bros. Television, Warner Bros. Animation, Warner Home Video, New Line Cinema, TheWB.com, and DC Entertainment. Warner owns half of The CW Television Network.\nWarner Bros. is a member of the Motion Picture Association of America.
/m/0ycfj	Van Halen is an American hard rock band formed in Pasadena, California, in 1972. From 1974 until 1985 the band was composed of guitarist Eddie Van Halen, vocalist David Lee Roth, drummer Alex Van Halen and bassist Michael Anthony. This line-up was changed when David Lee Roth was replaced as vocalist by Sammy Hagar. Critics and fans alike consider their 1978 self-titled debut album Van Halen to be one of the most \"original and revolutionary albums to change rock and roll.\"\nThe band went on to further success, and by the early 1980s they were one of the most successful rock acts of the time. 1984 was their most successful album. The lead single, \"Jump\", became an international hit and their only single to reach number one on the Billboard Hot 100. The following singles, \"Panama\" and \"I'll Wait\", both hit number 13 on the US charts. The album went on to sell over 12 million copies in the US alone. In 1985, the band replaced lead singer David Lee Roth with ex-Montrose lead vocalist Sammy Hagar. With Hagar, the group would release four US number-one albums over the course of 11 years. Hagar left the band in 1996 shortly before the release of the band's first greatest hits collection, Best Of, Volume I. Ex-Extreme frontman Gary Cherone was quickly recruited as lead singer to replace Hagar, and Van Halen III was released in 1998. Cherone left the band in frustration in 1999 after the tour due to the poor commercial performance of the album.
/m/04ztj	Marriage is a socially or ritually recognized union or legal contract between spouses that establishes rights and obligations between them, between them and their children, and between them and their in-laws. The definition of marriage varies according to different cultures, but it is principally an institution in which interpersonal relationships, usually intimate and sexual, are acknowledged. In some cultures, marriage is recommended or considered to be compulsory before pursuing any sexual activity. When defined broadly, marriage is considered a cultural universal.\nIndividuals may marry for several reasons, including: legal, social, libidinal, emotional, financial, spiritual, and religious. Who they marry may be influenced by socially determined rules of incest, prescriptive marriage rules, parental choice and individual desire. In developing areas of the world arranged marriage, child marriage, polygamy, and sometimes forced marriage, may be practiced as a cultural tradition. Conversely, such practices may be outlawed and penalized in many parts of the world out of concerns for human rights and because of international law. In developed parts of the world, there has been a general trend towards ensuring equal rights within marriage for women and legally recognizing the marriages of interracial, interfaith, and same-gender couples. Oftentimes, these trends have been motivated by a desire to establish equality and uphold human rights.
/m/01clyb	Magdalene College is a constituent college of the University of Cambridge, England.\nThe college was founded in 1428 as a Benedictine hostel, in time coming to be known as Buckingham College, before being refounded in 1542 as the College of St Mary Magdalene. Magdalene College has some of the grandest benefactors including Britain's premier noble the Duke of Norfolk, the Duke of Buckingham and Lord Chief Justice Sir Christopher Wray. However the refoundation was largely the work of Sir Thomas Audley, Lord Chancellor under Henry VIII. Audley also gave the College its motto — garde ta foy. Audley's successors in the Mastership and as benefactors of the College were, however, prone to dire ends; several benefactors were arraigned at various stages on charges of high treason and executed.\nThe College's most famous alumnus is Samuel Pepys, whose papers and books were donated to the College upon his death, and are now housed in the Pepys Building. The College boasts a portrait of the famous diarist by Sir Peter Lely, which hangs in the Hall. Magdalene is noted for its 'traditional' style: it boasts a well-regarded candlelit formal hall and was the last all-male College in Oxford or Cambridge to admit women in 1988. This change resulted in protests by some male undergraduates, including the wearing of black armbands and flying the college flag at half-mast.
/m/01d2v1	Ghostbusters is a 1984 American supernatural comedy film directed by Ivan Reitman and written by Dan Aykroyd and Harold Ramis. The film stars Bill Murray, Aykroyd, and Ramis as three eccentric parapsychologists in New York City who start a ghost catching business. Sigourney Weaver and Rick Moranis co-star as a potential client and her neighbor. The Ghostbusters business booms after some initial skepticism, but when an uptown high-rise apartment building becomes the focal point of spirit activity linked to the ancient god Gozer, the problem threatens to overwhelm the team and the entire world.\nOriginally intended by Aykroyd as a project for himself and fellow Saturday Night Live alumnus John Belushi, the film had a very different story during initial drafts. Aykroyd's vision of \"Ghostmashers\" traveling through time, space, and other dimensions to fight large ghosts was deemed financially impractical by Reitman. Based on the director's suggestions, Aykroyd and Ramis finalized the screenplay from May–June 1982. They had written roles specifically for Belushi, John Candy, and Eddie Murphy, but were forced to change the script after Belushi died and the latter two actors would not commit to the film.
/m/0h_m	An adventure is an exciting or unusual experience. It may also be a bold, usually risky undertaking, with an uncertain outcome. Adventures may be activities with some potential for physical danger such as skydiving, mountain climbing, river rafting or participating in extreme sports. The term also broadly refers to any enterprise that is potentially fraught with physical, financial or psychological risk, such as a business venture, a love affair, or other major life undertakings.
/m/02r6gw6	The 2007 Major League Baseball First-Year Player Draft was Major League Baseball's annual amateur draft of high school and college baseball players, and was held on June 7 and June 8, 2007. The first day session of the draft, including the first 25 rounds, was scheduled to be broadcast \"live\" from Orlando, Florida, on television for the first time, on ESPN2 from 2:00pm to 6:00pm Eastern Daylight Time. Previously the conference call format draft was broadcast live, along with commentary, on both draft days exclusively from the MLB.com website as streaming audio. In total the draft featured 50 rounds and 1453 selections.
/m/013zs9	Barbara Jane Horrocks is an English stage, screen and television actress, voice artist, musician and singer. She played \"Bubble\" in the TV series Absolutely Fabulous and is known for her distinctive voice and strong Lancashire accent.
/m/025tdwc	Vijaya Thesingu Rajendar is a Tamil film actor and director as well as a composer, screenwriter, cinematographer, producer, singer and playback singer. He is also a politician in Tamil Nadu, India.
/m/0fms83	The Goya Award for Best Director is one of the Goya Awards, Spain's principal national film awards.\nIn the list below the winner of the award for each year is shown first, followed by the other nominees.
/m/028cg00	The Mummy: Tomb of the Dragon Emperor is a 2008 American adventure film and is the third and final installment in the Mummy series. The film stars Brendan Fraser, Maria Bello, John Hannah, Luke Ford, and Jet Li, and was released on August 1, 2008 in the United States. The film was directed by Rob Cohen, written by Alfred Gough and Miles Millar, and produced by Stephen Sommers, Bob Ducsay, Sean Daniel, and James Jacks. This film took place in China and departed from the previous Egyptian setting.
/m/02fwfb	The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert is a 1994 Australian comedy-drama film written and directed by Stephan Elliott. The plot follows the journey of two drag queens and a transsexual woman, played by Hugo Weaving, Guy Pearce, and Terence Stamp, across the Australian Outback from Sydney to Alice Springs in a tour bus that they have named \"Priscilla\", along the way encountering various groups and individuals. Containing elements of comedy, the film's title is a pun on the fact that in English speaking cultures, \"queen\" is a slang term for a male homosexual.\nThe film was noted for helping to bring Australian cinema to world attention and for its positive portrayal of LGBT individuals, helping to introduce LGBT themes to a mainstream audience. The film has also been criticized for perceived racist and sexist stereotyping.\nThe film received predominantly positive reviews and won an Academy Award for Best Costume Design at the 67th Academy Awards. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section of the 1994 Cannes Film Festival and became a cult classic in both Australia and abroad. Priscilla subsequently provided the basis for a musical, Priscilla Queen of the Desert, which opened in 2006 in Sydney before travelling to New Zealand, the United Kingdom, Canada, and New York City's Broadway.
/m/07vk2	The University of Sydney is an Australian public university in Sydney. Founded in 1850, it is Australia's first university and is regarded as one of its most prestigious, ranked as the 27th most reputable university in the world. In 2013, it was ranked 38th and in the top 0.3% in the QS World University Rankings. Five Nobel or Crafoord laureates have been affiliated with the university as graduates and faculty.\nThe University comprises 16 faculties and schools, through which it offers bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees. In 2011 it had 32,393 undergraduate and 16,627 graduate students. The main campus spreads across the suburbs of Camperdown and Darlington on the southwestern outskirts of the Sydney CBD.\nSydney is a member of Australia's Group of Eight, Academic Consortium 21, the Association of Pacific Rim Universities and the Worldwide Universities Network. The University is also colloquially known as one of Australia's sandstone universities.
/m/0bmch_x	Unknown White Male is a 2011 film directed by Jaume Collet-Serra.
/m/0p4gy	Jefferson Parish is a parish in Louisiana, United States that includes most of the suburbs of New Orleans. The seat of parish government is Gretna. As of the 2010 census, the population was 432,552.\nMetropolitan New Orleans, a seven-parish area which includes Jefferson, is the largest metropolitan area in the state. Jefferson Parish is considered part of the Greater New Orleans Area. Jefferson Parish was less affected by Hurricane Katrina in 2005 and has rebounded at a more rapid pace than neighboring Orleans Parish.
/m/02w670	Victor Young was an American composer, arranger, violinist and conductor. He was born in Chicago.
/m/02ndj5	The Mars Volta was an American rock band from El Paso, Texas, formed in 2001. The band's final lineup consisted of Omar Rodríguez-López, Cedric Bixler-Zavala, Juan Alderete, Marcel Rodriguez-Lopez and Deantoni Parks. The band formed following the break-up of Rodriguez-Lopez and Bixler-Zavala's previous band, At the Drive-In. They are known for their energetic live shows and their concept albums.\nIn 2009, the band won a Grammy Award in the \"Best Hard Rock Performance\" category for the song \"Wax Simulacra.\" In 2008, they were named \"Best Prog-Rock Band\" by Rolling Stone magazine.\nIn September 2012, it was announced that The Mars Volta had entered a hiatus, with Rodríguez-López and Parks forming a new project, Bosnian Rainbows. Four months later, the band announced their breakup. Bixler-Zavala and Alderete subsequently formed a new band, Zavalaz.
/m/049nq	The Kingdom of the Netherlands, commonly known as the Netherlands, is a sovereign state and constitutional monarchy with territory in western Europe and in the Caribbean. The four parts of the kingdom – Aruba, Curaçao, the Netherlands, and Sint Maarten – are referred to as countries and participate on a basis of equality as partners in the kingdom. In practice, however, most of the kingdom affairs are administered by the Netherlands on behalf of the entire kingdom, with Aruba, Curaçao, and Sint Maarten being dependent on the Netherlands.\nThe vast majority of the constituent country of the Netherlands is located in Europe, with the exception of its three special municipalities that are located in the Caribbean. The constituent countries of Aruba, Curaçao, and Sint Maarten are located in the Caribbean as well.
/m/010r6f	Bellevue is a city in the Eastside region of King County, Washington, United States, across Lake Washington from Seattle. As Seattle's largest suburb, Bellevue has variously been characterized as an edge city, a boomburb, or satellite city. The city had a population of 122,363 at the 2010 census. Its mayor is Conrad Lee.\nPrior to 2008, downtown Bellevue underwent rapid change, with many high rise projects under construction, and was relatively unaffected by the economic downturn. It is currently the second largest city center in Washington state with over 35,000 employees and 5,000 residents. Based on per capita income, Bellevue is the 6th wealthiest of 522 communities in the state of Washington. In 2008, Bellevue was named number 1 in CNNMoney's list of the best places to live and launch a business, and in 2010 was again ranked as the 4th best place to live in America. The name \"Bellevue\" is French for \"beautiful view\".
/m/0yvjx	Lakewood is a city in Cuyahoga County, Ohio. It is part of the Greater Cleveland Metropolitan Area, and borders the city of Cleveland. The population was 52,131 at the 2010 United States Census, making it the third largest city in Cuyahoga County, behind Cleveland and Parma.\nLakewood, one of Cleveland's inner-ring suburbs, borders the city of Cleveland to the west. Lakewood's population density is the highest of any city in Ohio and is roughly comparable to that of Washington, DC.
/m/01sjmd	Biochemists are scientists trained in biochemistry. Typical biochemists study chemical processes and chemical transformations in living organisms, other biochemists study DNAs, proteins and cell parts. The word \"biochemist\" is a portmanteau of \"biological chemist\".\nBiochemists also research how certain chemical reactions happen in cells and tissues and observe and record the effects of products as in food additives and medicines. The main function of a biochemist is to focus on improving the qualities of lives.\nBiochemist researchers focus on planning and conducting research experiments, mainly for developing new products, updating existing products and analyzing said products. It is also the responsibility of a biochemist to present their research findings and create grant proposals to obtain funds for future research.\nRole Biochemists study aspects of the immune system, the expressions of genes, isolating, analyzing, and synthesizing different products, mutations that lead to cancers, and manage laboratory teams and monitor laboratory work. Biochemists also have to have the capabilities of designing and building laboratory equipment and devise new methods of producing correct results for products.
/m/0544vh	Club Social y Deportivo Colo-Colo is a Chilean football club based in Macul, Santiago. Founded in 1925, they play in the Primera División, from which they have never been relegated. The team plays its home games at the 47,000 seat Estadio Monumental since 1989. The club is regarded as the most successful in Primera División history, having won a Chilean football record of 29 league titles and a record ten Copa Chile honours. Colo-Colo have also three international titles.\nIn June 1991, Colo-Colo became the first Chilean football team to win an international tournament after they beat Paraguayan side Olimpia. The club's most-winner player is Lizardo Garrido, highest goalscorer is Francisco Valdés, and most-appearances player is Misael Escuti.\nColo-Colo is the most supported team in Chile, and holds a long–standing rivalry with Universidad de Chile. The club also holds a traditional rivalry in matches against Cobreloa and Universidad Católica. Between other dates, IFFHS placed the team into the top–30 ranking of club in 2007, and years later, in 2009, the same institution named the team as the 20th century's top club of its country, and then into South America's top twenty ranking.
/m/02l101	Ralph Bellamy was an American actor whose career spanned 62 years on stage, screen and television. During his career, he played leading roles as well as supporting roles, garnering acclaim and awards.
/m/03cz9_	Takehito Koyasu is a Japanese voice actor.
/m/02rmd_2	Zack and Miri Make a Porno is a 2008 romantic sex comedy film written and directed by Kevin Smith, distributed by The Weinstein Company, and starring Seth Rogen and Elizabeth Banks. It is Smith's second film not to be set within the View Askewniverse and the first not set in New Jersey. It was released on October 31, 2008.
/m/0nj1c	Tuscola County is a county in the Thumb region of the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2010 census, the population was 55,729. The county seat is Caro. The county was created by Michigan Law on April 1, 1840, from land in Sanilac County and attached to Saginaw County for administrative purposes. The Michigan Legislature passed an act on March 2, 1850, that empowered the county residents to organize governmental functions.
/m/0ctb4g	Atonement is a 2007 British romantic drama war film directed by Joe Wright and based on the 2001 novel of the same name by Ian McEwan. The film stars James McAvoy, Keira Knightley, Saoirse Ronan, Romola Garai, and Vanessa Redgrave and chronicles a crime and its consequences over the course of six decades, beginning in the 1930s. It was produced by Working Title Films and filmed in England and France. Distributed in most of the world by Universal Pictures, it was released in the United Kingdom and Ireland on 7 September 2007, and in North America on 7 December 2007.\nAtonement opened both the 2007 Vancouver International Film Festival and the 64th Venice International Film Festival, making Wright, at the age of 35, the youngest director ever to open the latter event. A commercial success, the film earned a worldwide gross of approximately $129 million against a budget of $30 million. Critics gave the drama positive reviews, praising its acting performances, its cinematography and Dario Marianelli's score. Atonement won an Oscar for Best Original Score at the 80th Academy Awards, and was nominated for six others, including Best Picture, Best Adapted Screenplay and Best Supporting Actress for Ronan. It also garnered 14 nominations at the 61st British Academy Film Awards, winning both Best Film and Production Design, and won the Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture – Drama.
/m/02y_j8g	The Best Actress Award is an award presented at the Cannes Film Festival. It is chosen by the jury from the 'official section' of films at the festival. It was first awarded in 1946.
/m/0ydpd	Asheville is a city in and the county seat of Buncombe County, North Carolina, United States. It is the largest city in Western North Carolina, and the 11th largest city in North Carolina. The city's population was 83,393 according to the 2010 United States census. It is the principal city in the four-county Asheville metropolitan area, with a population of 424,858 in 2010. Asheville is home to the United States National Climatic Data Center, the world's largest active archive of weather data.
/m/018qpb	Rosalind Russell was an American actress of stage and screen, known for her role as a fast-talking newspaper reporter in the Howard Hawks screwball comedy His Girl Friday, as well as the role of Mame Dennis in the film Auntie Mame. She won all five Golden Globes for which she was nominated, and Meryl Streep was tied for wins until 2007 when Streep was awarded a sixth. Russell won a Tony Award in 1953 for Best Performance by an Actress in a Musical for her portrayal of Ruth in the Broadway show Wonderful Town.\nRussell was known for playing character roles, exceptionally wealthy, dignified ladylike women, as well as for being one of the few actresses of her time who regularly played professional women, such as judges, reporters, and psychiatrists. She had a wide career span from the 1930s to the 1970s, and attributed her long career to the fact that, although usually playing classy and glamorous roles, she never became a sex symbol.
/m/01zkgw	Bridgend is a town in Bridgend County Borough in Wales, 18-mile west of the capital Cardiff and 20-mile east of Swansea. The river crossed by the original bridge, which gave the town its name, is the River Ogmore, but the River Ewenny also passes to the south of the town.\nHistorically a part of Glamorgan, Bridgend has greatly expanded in size since the early 1980s - the 2001 census recorded a population of 39,429 for the town and the 2011 census reports that the Bridgend Local Authority had a population of 139,200 up from 128,700 in 2001. This 8.2% rise was the largest rise in Wales except for Cardiff. The town is currently undergoing a redevelopment project, with the town centre pedestrianised and a new business park opened.
/m/024rdh	Sony Pictures Classics is an art-house, \"independent\" film division of Sony Pictures Entertainment founded in December 1992 by former Orion Classics heads Michael Barker, Tom Bernard, and Marcie Bloom. It distributes, produces and acquires specialty films from the United States and around the world. As of 2012, Barker and Bernard are co-presidents of division.\nSony Pictures Classics has a history of making reasonable investments for small films, and getting a decent return. It has a history of not overspending. Its largest commercial success in recent years is Woody Allen's Midnight in Paris, which grossed over $56 million in USA and became Woody Allen's highest-grossing film ever in the USA.\nSometimes, Sony Pictures Classics would agree to release some films for all other departments of Sony. But under Sony Pictures Classics' contract with Sony, all other departments of Sony can't force Sony Pictures Classics to release any film it does not want to release.
/m/0bmc4cm	13 Assassins is a 2010 Japanese jidaigeki film directed by Takashi Miike.\nA samurai epic with a loose historical basis, the film was produced by Toshiaki Nakazawa, who also produced the 2009 Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film Departures. Jeremy Thomas, the film's executive producer, has a reputation for successfully bringing Asian titles into the international market, most notably Bernardo Bertolucci's nine-time Oscar winner The Last Emperor, Nagisa Ôshima's Merry Christmas, Mr Lawrence and Takeshi Kitano's Brother.\nThe film is a remake of Eiichi Kudo’s 1963 black-and-white Japanese film of the same name, Jûsan-nin no shikaku. The screenplay was written by Daisuke Tengan.\nThe film stars Koji Yakusho, whose credits include Memoirs of a Geisha and Shall We Dance, along with Takayuki Yamada, Sōsuke Takaoka, Hiroki Matsukata, and Kazuki Namioka.\nIt was nominated for Best Film at the 34th Japan Academy Prize.\nIt is the third film in which Yamada and Takaoka co-starred, the first two being Crows Zero and Crows Zero 2, both directed by Miike.
/m/03772	George Raymond Richard Martin, sometimes referred to as GRRM, is an American novelist and short story writer in the fantasy, horror, and science fiction genres, as well as a screenwriter and television producer. He is best known for A Song of Ice and Fire, his international bestselling series of epic fantasy novels that HBO adapted for its dramatic series Game of Thrones. Martin serves as the series' co-executive producer, while also scripting one of each season's 10 episodes. Martin was selected by Time magazine as one of the \"2011 Time 100\", a list of the \"most influential people in the world\".
/m/0lcx	Albert Camus was a French Nobel Prize winning author, journalist, and philosopher. His views contributed to the rise of the philosophy known as absurdism. He wrote in his essay \"The Rebel\" that his whole life was devoted to opposing the philosophy of nihilism while still delving deeply into individual and sexual freedom.\nAlthough often cited as a proponent of existentialism, the philosophy with which Camus was associated during his own lifetime, he rejected this particular label. In an interview in 1945, Camus rejected any ideological associations: \"No, I am not an existentialist. Sartre and I are always surprised to see our names linked...\".\nCamus was born in French Algeria to a Pied-Noir family. He studied at the University of Algiers, where he was goalkeeper for the university team, until he contracted tuberculosis in 1930. In 1949, Camus founded the Group for International Liaisons within the Revolutionary Union Movement after his split with Garry Davis's Citizens of the World movement. The formation of this group, according to Camus, was intended to \"denounce two ideologies found in both the USSR and the USA\" regarding their idolatry of technology.
/m/09q5w2	Gladiator is a 2000 British–American epic historical drama film directed by Ridley Scott, starring Russell Crowe, Joaquin Phoenix, Connie Nielsen, Ralf Möller, Oliver Reed, Djimon Hounsou, Derek Jacobi, John Shrapnel, and Richard Harris. Crowe portrays the fictional character, loyal Roman general Maximus Decimus Meridius, who is betrayed when the emperor's ambitious son, Commodus, murders his father and seizes the throne. Reduced to slavery, Maximus rises through the ranks of the gladiatorial arena to avenge the murder of his family and his emperor.\nReleased in the United States on May 5, 2000, Gladiator was a box office success, receiving positive reviews, and was credited with rekindling interest in the historical epic. The film was nominated for and won multiple awards, notably five Academy Awards in the 73rd Academy Awards including Best Picture and Best Actor for Crowe.
/m/0jp26	Guadalajara is the capital and largest city of the Mexican state of Jalisco, and the seat of the municipality of Guadalajara. The city is located in the central region of Jalisco in the western-pacific area of Mexico. With a population of 1,564,514 it is Mexico's second most populous municipality. The Guadalajara Metropolitan Area includes seven adjacent municipalities with a reported population of 4,328,584 in 2009, making it the second most populous metropolitan area in Mexico, behind Mexico City. The municipality is the second most densely populated one in Mexico; the first being Ciudad Nezahualcóyotl in State of Mexico.\nGuadalajara is the 10th largest city in Latin America in terms of population, urban area and gross domestic product. The city is named after the Spanish city of Guadalajara, which came from the Andalusian Arabic name wād l-ḥijāra, the literal translation of the Iberian Arriaca, meaning \"river/valley of stones\".\nThe city's economy is based on industry, especially information technology, with a large number of international firms having manufacturing facilities in the Guadalajara Metro Area. Other, more traditional industries, such as shoes, textiles and food processing are also important contributing factors. Guadalajara is a cultural center of Mexico, considered by most to be the home of mariachi music and host to a number of large-scale cultural events such as the International Film Festival of Guadalajara and the Guadalajara International Book Fair and a number of globally renowned cultural events which draw international crowds. It is also home to the Guadalajara association football club, one of the most popular soccer teams in Mexico. This city was named the American Capital of Culture for 2005. Guadalajara also hosted the 2011 Pan American Games.
/m/04jt2	Lincoln is a cathedral city and county town of Lincolnshire, England. The non-metropolitan district of Lincoln has a 2011 population of 93,541. The 2011 census gave the entire urban area of Lincoln a population of 119,200.\nLincoln developed from the Roman town of Lindum Colonia, which developed from an Iron Age settlement. Lincoln's major landmarks are Lincoln Cathedral, a fine example of English Gothic architecture, and Lincoln Castle, an 11th-century Norman castle. The city is also home to the University of Lincoln and Bishop Grosseteste University. Lincoln is situated in a gap in the Lincoln Cliff 141 miles north of London, at an elevation of 20.4 metres above sea level by the River Witham, stretching up to 72.8 metres above sea level in the uphill area around the cathedral.
/m/01l3k6	Dalian is a major city and seaport in the south of Liaoning province. It is the southernmost city of Northeast China and China's northernmost warm water port, at the tip of the Liaodong peninsula. Dalian is the province's second largest city and has sub-provincial administrative status; only the provincial capital is larger. The Shandong peninsula lies southwest across the Bohai Sea; Korea lies across the Yellow Sea to the east. Today a financial, shipping and logistics center for Northeast Asia, Dalian has a significant history of being used by foreign powers for its ports: Dalian proper was previously known as both Dalny and Dairen but it was better known as both Port Arthur and Ryojun from its Lüshunkou district. In 2006, Dalian was named China's most livable city by China Daily.
/m/02hdky	The Grammy Award for Best New Age Album is presented to recording artists for quality albums in the New Age music genre at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position\".\nOriginally called the Grammy Award for Best New Age Recording, the honor was first presented to Swiss musician Andreas Vollenweider at the 29th Grammy Awards in 1987 for his album Down to the Moon. Two compilation albums featuring Windham Hill Records artists were nominated that same year. The record label was founded by William Ackerman, later an award nominee and 2005 winner for the album Returning. From 1988 to 1991 the category was known as Best New Age Performance. Since 1992 the award has been presented as Best New Age Album. Beginning in 2001, award recipients included the producers, engineers, and/or mixers associated with the nominated work in addition to the recording artists.
/m/030g9z	Shawn Mathis Wayans is an American actor, DJ, producer, writer and comedian who starred in In Living Color and The Wayans Bros. He is the brother of Keenen Ivory, Damon, Marlon, Kim, and Nadia Wayans.
/m/0lcd	The Alps are one of the great mountain range systems of Europe stretching approximately 1,200 kilometres across eight Alpine countries from Austria and Slovenia in the east, Switzerland, Liechtenstein, Germany, and France to the west, and Italy and Monaco to the south. The mountains were formed over hundreds of millions of years as the African and Eurasian tectonic plates collided. Extreme shortening caused by the event resulted in marine sedimentary rocks rising by thrusting and folding into high mountain peaks such as Mont Blanc and the Matterhorn. Mont Blanc spans the French–Italian border, and at 4,810 m is the highest mountain in the Alps. The Alpine region area contains many peaks higher than 4,000 m, known as the \"four-thousanders\".\nThe altitude and size of the range affects the climate in Europe; in the mountains precipitation levels vary greatly and climatic conditions consist of distinct zones. Wildlife such as ibex live in the higher peaks to elevations of 3,400 m, and plants such as Edelweiss grow in rocky areas in lower elevations as well as in higher elevations. Evidence of human habitation in the Alps goes back to the Paleolithic era. A mummified man, determined to be 5,000 years old, was discovered on a glacier at the Austrian–Italian border in 1991. By the 6th century BC, the Celtic La Tène culture was well established. Hannibal famously crossed the Alps with a herd of elephants, and the Romans had settlements in the region. In 1800 Napoleon crossed one of the mountain passes with an army of 40,000. The 18th and 19th centuries saw an influx of naturalists, writers, and artists, in particular the Romantics, followed by the golden age of alpinism as mountaineers began to ascend the peaks. In World War II, Adolf Hitler kept a base of operation in the Bavarian Alps throughout the war.
/m/03dj48	The Mexico national football team represents Mexico in association football and is governed by the Mexican Football Federation, the governing body for football in Mexico. Mexico's home stadium is the Estadio Azteca and their head coach is Miguel Herrera. The team is currently ranked 20 in the FIFA World Rankings and 22 in the World Football Elo Ratings.\nMexico has qualified for fourteen World Cups and has qualified consecutively since 1994; Mexico played France in the very first match of the first World Cup on 13 July 1930. Mexico's best progression was reaching the Quarterfinals in both the 1970 and 1986 FIFA World Cups, both of which were staged on Mexican soil.\nMexico is historically the most successful national team in the CONCACAF region, as they are the only team from the region to win an official FIFA recognized title. They hold one FIFA Confederations Cup, nine CONCACAF championships, including six CONCACAF Gold Cups, one North American Nations Cup and three NAFC Championships.\nAlthough Mexico is under the jurisdiction of CONCACAF, the national football team has been regularly invited to compete in the Copa América since Ecuador 1993 finishing as runner-up twice and obtaining the third place medal on three occasions.
/m/014kg4	Arthur Kennedy was an American stage and film actor known for his versatility in supporting film roles and his ability to create \"an exceptional honesty and naturalness on stage\", especially in the original casts of Arthur Miller plays on Broadway.
/m/02jjdr	Concord Records is a American record label, now based in Beverly Hills, California. Originally known as Concord Jazz, it was established in 1972 as an off-shoot of the Concord Jazz Festival in Concord, California, by festival founder Carl Jefferson, a local automobile dealer and jazz fan who sold his Lincoln Mercury dealership to found \"the jazz label I can never find in record stores.\" Since then, the label has achieved international recognition, as well as 88 Grammy Award nominations and 14 Grammy Awards.\nThe label issues a large number of live recordings from festivals and other venues, including a series started in 1990 of piano recitals from Maybeck Recital Hall in Berkeley, California, by many well known jazz pianists. The original Concord Jazz logo, a stylized eighth note incorporating the C and J of \"Concord Jazz,\" was created by Bay Area graphic designer Dan Buck, who also worked on several album covers for the company.\nConcord includes a family of specialized labels, including Concord Picante for Latin Jazz and Concord Concerto for classical music.
/m/012gx2	Joseph Robinette \"Joe\" Biden, Jr. is the 47th and current Vice President of the United States, jointly elected with President Barack Obama. He is a member of the Democratic Party and was a United States Senator from Delaware from January 3, 1973, until his resignation on January 15, 2009, following his election to the Vice Presidency. In 2012, Biden was elected to a second term alongside Obama.\nBiden was born in Scranton, Pennsylvania, and lived there for ten years before moving to Delaware. He became an attorney in 1969, and was elected to the New Castle County council in 1970. Biden was first elected to the Senate in 1972 and became the sixth-youngest senator in U.S. history. He was re-elected to the Senate six times, and was the fourth most senior senator at the time of his resignation. Biden was a long-time member and former chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee. His strong advocacy helped bring about U.S. military assistance and intervention during the Bosnian War. He opposed the Gulf War in 1991. He voted in favor of the Iraq War Resolution in 2002, but later proposed resolutions to alter U.S. strategy there. He has also served as chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, dealing with issues related to drug policy, crime prevention, and civil liberties, and led creation of the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act and Violence Against Women Act. He chaired the Judiciary Committee during the contentious U.S. Supreme Court nominations of Robert Bork and Clarence Thomas.
/m/01pf6	Cardiac dysrhythmia is any of a group of conditions in which the electrical activity of the heart is irregular or is faster or slower than normal. The heartbeat may be too fast or too slow, and may be regular or irregular. A heart beat that is too fast is called tachycardia and a heart beat that is too slow is called bradycardia. Although many arrhythmias are not life-threatening, some can cause cardiac arrest.\nArrhythmias can occur in the upper chambers of the heart, or in the lower chambers of the heart,. Arrhythmias may occur at any age. Some are barely perceptible, whereas others can be more dramatic and can even lead to sudden cardiac death.\nSome arrhythmias are life-threatening medical emergencies and can result in cardiac arrest. Cardiac arrythmias are one of the most common causes of death when travelling to a hospital. Others cause symptoms such as an abnormal awareness of heart beat and may be merely uncomfortable. These palpitations have also been known to be caused by atrial/ventricular fibrillation, wire faults, and other technical or mechanical issues in cardiac pacemakers/defibrillators. Still others may not be associated with any symptoms at all, but may predispose the patient to potentially life threatening stroke or embolism.
/m/027pdrh	Anne Voase Coates is a British film editor with a more than 40-year long career in film editing. She is perhaps best known as the editor of director David Lean's epic film Lawrence of Arabia in 1962. Coates has been nominated five times for the Academy Award for Film Editing for the films Lawrence of Arabia, Becket, The Elephant Man, In the Line of Fire, and Out of Sight. In an industry where women only accounted for 16 percent of all editors working on the top 250 films of 2004, and 80 percent of the films had absolutely no females on their editing teams at all, Anne V. Coates continues to thrive as a top film editor. In February 2007, she was awarded BAFTA's highest honour, The Academy Fellowship.
/m/0697kh	Damon Laurence Lindelof is an American television writer, producer, and film screenwriter, most noted as the co-creator and showrunner of the television series Lost. He has written for and produced Crossing Jordan and wrote for Nash Bridges. Lindelof also co-wrote Cowboys & Aliens, Prometheus, and Star Trek Into Darkness. As of December 2012, his next film in development is the science fiction film Tomorrowland. He is also co-creating the upcoming TV series The Leftovers for HBO, adapted from the novel by Tom Perrotta.
/m/02g3mn	Andrea Louise Martin is an American actress and comedian of Armenian descent. She has appeared in films such as My Big Fat Greek Wedding, Hedwig and the Angry Inch, on stage in productions such as the 2013 revival of Pippin for which she won the Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Musical, My Favorite Year, Fiddler on the Roof and Candide, and in the television series SCTV.
/m/032zg9	Irving Rameses \"Ving\" Rhames is an American actor best known for his work in Bringing Out the Dead, Pulp Fiction, Baby Boy, Don King: Only in America, Dawn of the Dead, Con Air, the Mission: Impossible film series.
/m/031c2r	Robert Fredrick \"Rob\" Paulsen III, often credited as Rob Paulsen, is an American voice actor and singer, best known as the voice behind Raphael from the 1987 cartoon of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Yakko Warner and Dr. Otto Scratchansniff from Animaniacs, Pinky from Pinky and the Brain and Animaniacs, Rev Runner from Loonatics Unleashed, and Throttle from the 1990s and 2006 versions of Biker Mice From Mars.\nIn total, Paulsen has been the voice of over 250 different animated characters and performed in over 1000 commercials. He continues to play parts in dozens of cartoons as well as characters in animated feature movies.\nAs of 2012, Rob Paulsen is the voice of the Broccoli Commander on The High Fructose Adventures of Annoying Orange, Mac Gopher in The Looney Tunes Show, Mark Chang in The Fairly OddParents, and Toodles in Mickey Mouse Clubhouse. He is on the new Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles series as the voice of Donatello.
/m/081k8	William Shakespeare was an English poet, playwright and actor, widely regarded as the greatest writer in the English language and the world's pre-eminent dramatist. He is often called England's national poet and the \"Bard of Avon\". His extant works, including some collaborations, consist of about 38 plays, 154 sonnets, two long narrative poems, and a few other verses, the authorship of some of which is uncertain. His plays have been translated into every major living language and are performed more often than those of any other playwright.\nShakespeare was born and brought up in Stratford-upon-Avon. At the age of 18, he married Anne Hathaway, with whom he had three children: Susanna, and twins Hamnet and Judith. Between 1585 and 1592, he began a successful career in London as an actor, writer, and part-owner of a playing company called the Lord Chamberlain's Men, later known as the King's Men. He appears to have retired to Stratford around 1613 at age 49, where he died three years later. Few records of Shakespeare's private life survive, and there has been considerable speculation about such matters as his physical appearance, sexuality, religious beliefs, and whether the works attributed to him were written by others.
/m/010016	Denton is a city in the U.S. state of Texas and the county seat of Denton County. As of the 2010 United States Census, its population was 113,383, making it the 27th most populous city in Texas and the 11th-largest city in the Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex.\nA Texas land grant led to the formation of Denton County in 1846, and the city was incorporated in 1866. Both were named after pioneer and Texas militia captain John B. Denton. The arrival of a railroad line in the city in 1881 spurred population, and the establishment of the University of North Texas in 1890 and Texas Woman's University in 1901 distinguished the city from neighboring regions. After the construction of Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport finished in 1974, the city saw more rapid growth; as of 2011, Denton was the seventh-fastest growing city with a population over 100,000 in the country.\nLocated north of the Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex in North Texas on Interstate 35, Denton is known for its active music life; the North Texas State Fair and Rodeo and the Denton Arts and Jazz Festival attract over 300,000 people to the city each year. The city experiences hot, humid summers and relatively few extreme weather events. Its diverse citizenry is represented by a nonpartisan city council, and numerous county and state departments have offices in the city. With over 45,000 students enrolled at the two universities located within its city limits, Denton is often characterized as a college town. As a result of the universities' growth, educational services play a large role in the city's economy. Residents are served by the Denton County Transportation Authority, which provides commuter rail and bus service to the area.
/m/025v3k	The University of Minnesota, Twin Cities is a public research university located in Minneapolis and St. Paul, Minnesota, United States, with the Minneapolis and St. Paul campuses being approximately 5 miles apart. It is the oldest and largest campus within the University of Minnesota system and has the sixth-largest main campus student body in the United States, with 51,853 students in 2012–2013. The university is broadly organized into 19 colleges and schools, and it has sister campuses in Crookston, Duluth, Morris, and Rochester.\nMinnesota's athletic teams are known collectively as the Minnesota Golden Gophers and compete in the NCAA's Division I, as members of the Big Ten Conference.
/m/02bqm0	The One Hundred Fourth United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, composed of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, DC from January 3, 1995 to January 3, 1997, during the third and fourth years of Bill Clinton's presidency. Apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives was based on the 1990 United States census. Both chambers had Republican majorities for the first time since the 1950s. Major events included passage of elements of the Contract with America and a budget impasse between Congress and the Clinton Administration that resulted in the Federal government shutdown of 1995 and 1996.
/m/09cvbq	Fußball-Club Augsburg 1907 e. V., commonly known as FC Augsburg or Augsburg, is a German football club based in Augsburg, Bavaria. FC Augsburg play in the Bundesliga, the top tier of the German football league system. The team was founded as Fußball-Klub Alemania Augsburg in 1907 and played as BC Augsburg from 1921 to 1969.\nFC Augsburg, who has long fluctuated between the second and third division, experienced a difficult time in the early 2000s, suffering relegation to the fourth division for two seasons. FCA recovered from this, returning to professional football in 2006. At the end of the 2010–11 season Augsburg were promoted to the Bundesliga for the first time. Since 2009, FC Augsburg's stadium is the SGL arena.
/m/01rt2z	Namco Limited is a Japanese corporation best known as a former video game developer and publisher. Following a merger with Bandai in September 2005, the two companies' game production assets were spun off into Namco Bandai Games on March 31, 2006. Namco was re-established to continue domestic operation of video arcades and amusement parks. Its headquarters are located in Ōta, Tokyo. The company's English name is officially often written as NAMCO.\nNamco was a front-runner during the Golden age of arcade video games. Pac-Man, arguably their most famous title, went on to become the best-selling arcade game in history and an international popular culture icon.
/m/01rvgx	West Berkshire is a local government district in the ceremonial county of Royal Berkshire, England, located almost equidistantly between Bristol and London. Its administrative town is Newbury and it is governed by the West Berkshire Council unitary authority.
/m/0bm7fy	The Tony Award for Best Direction of a Play has been given since 1960. Before 1960 there was only one award for both play direction and musical direction, then in 1960 the award was split into two categories: Dramatic and Musical. In 1976 the Dramatic category was renamed to Play. For pre-1960 direction awards please reference Tony Award for Best Director.
/m/0g251	Stratford-upon-Avon is a market town and civil parish in south Warwickshire, England. It lies on the River Avon, 22 miles south east of Birmingham and 8 miles south west of Warwick. It is the largest and most populous town of the non-metropolitan district Stratford-on-Avon, which uses the term \"on\" rather than \"upon\" to distinguish it from the town itself. Four electoral wards make up the urban town of Stratford; Alveston, Avenue and New Town, Mount Pleasant and Guild and Hathaway. The estimated total population for those wards in 2007 was 25,505.\nThe town is a popular tourist destination owing to its status as birthplace of the playwright and poet William Shakespeare, receiving about 4.9 million visitors a year from all over the world. The Royal Shakespeare Company resides in Stratford's Royal Shakespeare Theatre, one of Britain's most important cultural venues.
/m/03np63f	The House of Mirth is a 2000 film version of Edith Wharton's 1905 novel The House of Mirth. The film was written and directed by Terence Davies and stars Gillian Anderson.
/m/05b3ts	Safety is a position in American and Canadian football, played by a member of the defense. The safeties are defensive backs who line up from ten to fifteen yards behind the line of scrimmage. There are two variations of the position in a typical American formation, the free safety and the strong safety. Their duties depend on the defensive scheme. The defensive responsibilities of the safety and cornerback usually involve pass coverage towards the middle and sidelines of the field, respectively. While American formations generally use two safeties, Canadian formations generally have one safety and two defensive halfbacks, a position not used in the American game. As professional and college football have become more focused on the passing game, safeties have become more involved in covering the eligible pass receivers.
/m/0p03t	Jefferson County, whose slogan is the \"Gateway to the Rocky Mountains\", is the fourth most populous of the 64 counties of the State of Colorado of the United States. Located along the Front Range of the Rocky Mountains, Jefferson County is adjacent to the west side of the state capital, Denver. The county population was 534,543 according to the 2010 census. The county seat is Golden and the most populous city is Lakewood. Jefferson County is part of the Denver-Aurora Metropolitan Statistical Area and the Denver-Aurora-Boulder Combined Statistical Area. As of 2002, Jefferson County contains the state's center of population.\nJefferson County is commonly nicknamed Jeffco. The name Jeffco is incorporated in the name of the Jeffco School District, the Jeffco Business Center Metropolitan District No. 1, and several businesses located in Jefferson County. Jeffco is also incorporated in the unofficial monikers of many Jefferson County agencies. The Rocky Mountain Metropolitan Airport operated by Jefferson County was previously known as the Jeffco Airport.\nA major employer in Jefferson County is the large Coors Brewing Company in Golden. Also, the state-supported Colorado School of Mines is located in Jefferson County, offering programs in STEM topics such as mining, geology, chemistry, and engineering.
/m/01qgv7	The Florida Keys are a coral cay archipelago in the southeast United States. They begin at the southeastern tip of the Florida peninsula, about 15 miles south of Miami, and extend in a gentle arc south-southwest and then westward to Key West, the westernmost of the inhabited islands, and on to the uninhabited Dry Tortugas. The islands lie along the Florida Straits, dividing the Atlantic Ocean to the east from the Gulf of Mexico to the west, and defining one edge of Florida Bay. At the nearest point, the southern tip of Key West is just 90 miles from Cuba. The Florida Keys are between about 23.5 and 25.5 degrees North latitude, in the subtropics. The climate of the Keys is defined as tropical according to Köppen climate classification. More than 95 percent of the land area lies in Monroe County, but a small portion extends northeast into Miami-Dade County, such as Totten Key. The total land area is 137.3 square miles. As of the 2000 census the population was 79,535, with an average density of 579.27 per square mile, although much of the population is concentrated in a few areas of much higher density, such as the city of Key West, which has 32% of the entire population of the Keys.
/m/05cv94	Ronald William \"Ron\" Miller is a former professional American football player, the son-in-law of Walt Disney, and a former president and CEO of what is now The Walt Disney Company.
/m/06l3bl	In cinematography, epic film is an epic genre that emphasizes human drama on a grand scale. Epics are more ambitious in scope than other film genres, and their ambitious nature helps to differentiate them from similar genres such as the period piece or adventure film. Epic historical films often take a historical or imagined event, or a mythic, legendary, or heroic figure and add an extravagant, spectacular setting and lavish costumes, accompanied by a sweeping musical score, and an ensemble cast of bankable stars, making them among the most expensive of films to produce. Some of the most common subjects of epics are royalty, superheroes, great military leaders, or leading personalities or figures from various periods in world history. Epics tend to focus on events that will affect the lives of many people, such as cataclysmic events, natural disasters, war, or political upheaval.\nEpic films are expensive and lavish productions because they generally use on-location filming, authentic period costumes, action scenes on a massive scale and large casts of characters. Biographical films are often less lavish versions of this genre.\nSometimes referred to as costume dramas, they depict the world of a period setting, often incorporating historical pageantry, specially designed costuming and wardrobes, exotic locales, spectacle, lavish decor and a sweeping visual style. They often transport viewers to other worlds or eras, such as classical antiquity, biblical settings, the Middle Ages, the Victorian era, the American Frontier, the Prohibition era or the Gilded Age. Films involving modern battle sequences are also common settings in the epic film genre, as are westerns, and science fiction films set in space, on earth or other planets, with science fiction-oriented battle scenes on a massive scale or with a futuristic or post apocalyptic backdrop.
/m/0841v	Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., branded as Walmart, is an American multinational retail corporation that runs chains of large discount department stores and warehouse stores. The company is the world's second largest public corporation, according to the Fortune Global 500 list in 2013, the biggest private employer in the world with over two million employees, and is the largest retailer in the world. Walmart remains a family-owned business, as the company is controlled by the Walton family, who own over 50 percent of Walmart. It is also one of the world's most valuable companies.\nThe company was founded by Sam Walton in 1962, incorporated on October 31, 1969, and publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange in 1972. It is headquartered in Bentonville, Arkansas. Walmart is also the largest grocery retailer in the United States. In 2009, it generated 51 percent of its US$258 billion sales in the U.S. from grocery business. It also owns and operates the Sam's Club retail warehouses in North America.\nIn the late 1980s and early 1990s the company rose from a regional to national giant. By 1988, Walmart was the most profitable retailer in the US and by October 1989 it had become the largest in terms of revenue. Geographically limited to the South and Lower Midwest up to the mid 1980s, by the early 1990s Walmart's presence spanned coast to coast - Sam's Club opened in New Jersey in November 1989 and the first California outlet opened in Lancaster on July 28, 1990. A Walmart in York, Pennsylvania was opened in October 1990 bringing the main store into the Northeast.
/m/04jtj	The Luftwaffe was the aerial warfare branch of the German Wehrmacht during World War II. After the German Empire's World War I-era army air force, the Luftstreitkräfte, and the Kaiserliche Marine naval air units had been disbanded by May 1920 under the terms of the Treaty of Versailles, the Luftwaffe was reformed on 26 February 1935 and grew to become one of the strongest, most doctrinally advanced, and most battle-experienced air forces in the world when World War II started in Europe in September 1939. After the defeat of the Third Reich, the Luftwaffe was disbanded in 1946.\nLuftwaffe is also the generic term in German speaking countries for any national military aviation service, and the names of air forces in other countries are usually translated into German as \"Luftwaffe\". However, Luftstreitkräfte, or \"air armed force\", is also sometimes used as a translation of \"air force\". And because \"Luft\" means \"air\" and \"Waffe\" may be translated into English as either \"weapon\" or \"arm\", \"Air Arm\" may be considered the most literal English translation of Luftwaffe.
/m/06nz46	Freddie Young OBE, BSC, was one of Britain's most distinguished and influential cinematographers. He is probably best known for his work on David Lean's films Lawrence of Arabia, Doctor Zhivago and Ryan's Daughter, all three of which won him Academy Awards for best cinematography.\nHe was also director of photography on more than 130 films, including many other notable productions, such as Goodbye, Mr Chips, 49th Parallel, Lust for Life, The Inn of the Sixth Happiness, Lord Jim, Battle of Britain, Nicholas and Alexandra, and the James Bond film You Only Live Twice. He was also the first British cinematographer to film in CinemaScope.\nIn 2003, a survey conducted by the International Cinematographers Guild placed Young among the ten most influential cinematographers in history.\nHe was awarded The Royal Photographic Society's Centenary Medal and Honorary Fellowship in recognition of a sustained, significant contribution to the art of photography in 1996/7.
/m/0cm5m	Heidelberg is a city in south-west Germany. The fifth-largest city in the State of Baden-Württemberg after Stuttgart, Karlsruhe, Mannheim and Freiburg im Breisgau, Heidelberg is part of the densely populated Rhine-Neckar Metropolitan Region. In 2011, over 149,000 people lived in the city. Heidelberg lies on the River Neckar in a steep valley in the Odenwald.\nA former residence of the Electorate of the Palatinate, Heidelberg is the location of Heidelberg University, well known far beyond Germany's borders. Heidelberg is a popular tourist destination due to its romantic and picturesque cityscape, including Heidelberg Castle and the baroque style Old Town.
/m/02kb_jm	A cofactor for 1-carbon transfer involved with DNA synthesis.
/m/0k_6t	Ilford is a large cosmopolitan town in the northeast of Greater London, England and the administrative headquarters of the London Borough of Redbridge. It is located 9.1 miles northeast of Charing Cross and is one of the major metropolitan centres identified in the London Plan.\nIlford forms a significant commercial and retail centre surrounded by extensive residential development. It was historically a small rural settlement in the county of Essex and its strategic position on the River Roding and the London to Colchester road caused it to develop as a coaching town. The arrival of the railway in 1839 eventually accelerated that growth and as part of the suburban growth of London in the 20th century, Ilford significantly expanded and increased in population, becoming a municipal borough in 1926 and has formed part of Greater London since 1965. Ilford was announced as the fastest-growing tourist destination in Europe in 2011.
/m/057bxr	The Politecnico di Milano is the largest technical university in Italy, with about 38,700 students. It offers undergraduate, graduate and higher education courses in Engineering, Architecture and Design. Founded in 1863, it is the oldest university in Milan.\nThe Politecnico has two main campuses in Milan city, where the majority of the research and teaching activity are located, and other satellite campuses in five other cities across Lombardy and Emilia Romagna. The central offices and headquarters are located in the historical campus of Città Studi in Milan, which is also the largest, active since 1927.\nThe university was ranked the best for Engineering and among the top big universities in Italy in the CENSIS-Repubblica Italian University rankings for 2011-2012 and is ranked as the 28th best technical university in the world according to the QS World University Rankings.
/m/0167v	Brunei, officially the Nation of Brunei, the Abode of Peace, is a sovereign state located on the north coast of the island of Borneo, in Southeast Asia. Apart from its coastline with the South China Sea, it is completely surrounded by the state of Sarawak, Malaysia; and it is separated into two parts by the Sarawak district of Limbang. It is the only sovereign state completely on the island of Borneo. The remainder of the island's territory is divided between the nations of Malaysia and Indonesia. Brunei's population was 408,786 in July 2012.\nThe official national history claims that Brunei can trace its beginnings to the 7th century, when it was a subject state named P'o-li, in the Sumatra-centric Srivijaya empire. It later became a vassal state of the Java-centric Majapahit empire. Brunei became a sultanate in the 14th century, under a newly converted Islamic sultan—Muhammad Shah.\nAt the peak of Bruneian Empire, Sultan Bolkiah had control over the northern regions of Borneo, including modern-day Sarawak and Sabah, as well as the Sulu archipelago off the northeast tip of Borneo, Seludong, and the islands off the northwest tip of Borneo. The maritime state was visited by Spain's Magellan Expedition in 1521 and fought against Spain in 1578's Castille War.
/m/083q7	Thomas Woodrow Wilson was the 28th President of the United States, in office from 1913 to 1921. A leader of the Progressive Movement, he served as President of Princeton University from 1902 to 1910, and then as the Governor of New Jersey from 1911 to 1913. With the Republican Party split in 1912, he led his Democratic Party to control both the White House and Congress for the first time in nearly two decades.\nIn his first term as President, Wilson persuaded a Democratic Congress to pass a legislative agenda that few presidents have equaled, remaining unmatched up until the New Deal in 1933. This agenda included the Federal Reserve Act, Federal Trade Commission Act, the Clayton Antitrust Act, the Federal Farm Loan Act and an income tax. Child labor was curtailed by the Keating–Owen Act of 1916, but the U.S. Supreme Court declared it unconstitutional in 1918. Wilson also had Congress pass the Adamson Act, which imposed an 8-hour workday for railroads. Although considered a modern liberal visionary giant as President, Wilson was \"deeply racist in his thoughts and politics\" and his administration racially segregated federal employees and the Navy. According to Wilson biographer A. Scott Berg, author of \"Wilson\" an 815 page biography; \"No matter what time you lived, some of the things Wilson said and did were racist. That being said, I do think that for his day, he was a centrist. He was not some wild Klansman. I think he was sympathetic to African Americans. He just, for all sorts of reasons, didn't think the nation was ready to segregate.\" Narrowly re-elected in 1916 around the slogan \"He kept us out of war\", Wilson's second term was dominated by American entry into World War I. While American non-interventionist sentiment was strong, American neutrality was challenged in early 1917 when the German Empire began unrestricted submarine warfare despite repeated strong warnings and tried to enlist Mexico to attack the U.S. and intimated they would assist in taking back the territories comprising Texas, Arizona and New Mexico; discovered upon decryption of the Zimmerman Telegram a message between German leaders and their Embassy in Mexico. Barbara W. Tuchman, a Pulitzer Prize winning American Historical author, says the Zimmerman telegram was the \"final straw\" on the matter of war for President Wilson. In April 1917, Wilson asked Congress to declare war in order to make \"the world safe for democracy.\" During the war, Wilson focused on diplomacy and financial considerations, leaving the waging of the war itself primarily in the hands of the Army. On the home front in 1917, he began the United States' first draft since the American Civil War; borrowed billions of dollars in war funding through the newly established Federal Reserve Bank and Liberty Bonds; set up the War Industries Board; promoted labor union cooperation; supervised agriculture and food production through the Lever Act; took over control of the railroads; and gave a well-known Flag Day speech that fueled the wave of anti-German sentiment sweeping the country. Wilson also suppressed anti-war movements with the Espionage Act of 1917 and the Sedition Act of 1918, a crackdown which broadened and intensified to include real and suspected anarchists and communists during First Red Scare of 1919–1920. After years of opposition, Wilson was pressured to change his position on women's suffrage in 1918, which he advocated as a war measure.
/m/06r1k	Star Trek: The Animated Series is an animated science fiction television series set in the Star Trek universe following the events of Star Trek: The Original Series of the 1960s. The animated series was aired under the name Star Trek, but it has become widely known under this longer name to differentiate it from the original live-action Star Trek. The success in syndication of the original live action series and fan pressure for a Star Trek revival led to The Animated Series from 1973–1974, as the source of new adventures of the Enterprise crew, the next being the 1979 live-action feature film Star Trek: The Motion Picture.\nThe 'TAS' series was the original cast's last episodic portrayal of the characters until the \"cartoon like\" graphics of the Star Trek: 25th Anniversary computer game in 1992, as well as its sequel Star Trek: Judgment Rites in 1993, both of which appeared after the cast's last movie together in 1991's Star Trek VI: The Undiscovered Country. The series was critically acclaimed and was the first Star Trek series to win an Emmy Award.
/m/023p33	Cinderella is a 1950 American animated musical fantasy film produced by Walt Disney and released by RKO Radio Pictures. Based on the fairy tale \"Cendrillon\" by Charles Perrault, it is twelfth in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series, and was released on February 15, 1950. Directing credits go to Clyde Geronimi, Hamilton Luske and Wilfred Jackson. Songs were written by Mack David, Jerry Livingston, and Al Hoffman. Songs in the film include \"A Dream Is a Wish Your Heart Makes\", \"Bibbidi-Bobbidi-Boo\", \"So This Is Love\", \"Sing Sweet Nightingale\", \"The Work Song\", and \"Cinderella\".\nAt the time, Walt Disney Productions had suffered from losing connections to the European film markets due the outbreak of World War II, suffering from embarrassing box office disasters like Pinocchio, Fantasia, and Bambi. The studio was over $4 million in debt and was on the verge of bankruptcy if one more slip-up were to occur. Walt Disney and his animators then turned back to feature film production in 1948 after producing a string of package films with the idea of adapting of Charles Perrault's Cendrillon. After two years in production with planning, collaboration, teamwork, and faith, Cinderella was finally released on February 15, 1950. It turned out to be the greatest critical and commercial smash hit for the studio since Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs and helped reserve fortunes for the studio for the better. It became one of the greatest and beloved Disney films ever made and one of the best American animated films ever made, selected by the American Film Institute. It received three Academy Award nominations, including Best Music, Original Song for \"Bibbidi-Bobbidi-Boo\". In the years to come, it was followed by two direct-to-video sequels: Cinderella II: Dreams Come True and Cinderella III: A Twist in Time.
/m/033gn8	The Yale School of Drama is a graduate professional school of Yale University providing training in every discipline of the theatre: acting, design, directing, dramaturgy and dramatic criticism, playwriting, stage management, sound design, technical design and production, and theater management.
/m/01mfj	Computer hardware is the collection of physical elements that constitutes a computer system. Computer hardware refers to the physical parts or components of a computer such as the monitor, mouse, keyboard, computer data storage, hard drive disk, system unit, etc. all of which are physical objects that can be touched. In contrast, software is instructions that can be stored and run by hardware.\nSoftware is any set of machine-readable instructions that directs a computer's processor to perform specific operations. A combination of hardware and software forms a usable computing system.
/m/0mczk	Yvelines is a French department in the region of Île-de-France.
/m/02bqmq	The One Hundred Third United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, composed of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, D.C. from January 3, 1993 to January 3, 1995, during the first two years of Bill Clinton's presidency. The apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives was based on the Twenty-first Census of the United States in 1990. Both chambers had a Democratic majority.
/m/01v1ln	Tomorrow Never Dies is the eighteenth spy film in the James Bond series, and the second to star Pierce Brosnan as the fictional MI6 agent James Bond. Directed by Roger Spottiswoode, with the screenplay written by Bruce Feirstein, the film follows Bond as he attempts to stop a power-mad media mogul from engineering world events to initiate World War III.\nThe film was produced by Michael G. Wilson and Barbara Broccoli, and was the first James Bond film made after the death of producer Albert R. Broccoli, to whom the movie pays tribute in the end credits. Filming locations included France, Thailand, Germany, Mexico and the United Kingdom. Tomorrow Never Dies performed well at the box office and earned a Golden Globe nomination despite mixed reviews. While its performance at the domestic box office surpassed that of its predecessor, GoldenEye, it was the only Pierce Brosnan Bond film not to open at number one at the box office as it opened the same day as Titanic.
/m/020wyp	The Australian cricket team is the national cricket team of Australia. It is the joint oldest team in Test cricket, having played in the first Test match in 1877. The team also plays One Day International cricket and Twenty20 International, participating in both the first ODI, against England in the 1970–71 season and the first Twenty20 International, against New Zealand in the 2004–05 season, winning both games. The team mainly draws its players from teams playing in the Australian domestic competitions – the Sheffield Shield, the Australian Domestic One-Day Series and the Big Bash League.\nThe Australian team has played 764 Test matches, winning 358, losing 202, drawing 202 and tying two. Australia is ranked the number-one team overall in Test cricket in terms of overall wins, win-loss ratio and wins percentage. As of 5 January 2014, Australia is ranked third in the ICC Test Championship behind India and South Africa.\nAustralia has played 797 ODI matches, winning 490, losing 272, tying nine and with 26 ending in no-result. They have led the ICC ODI Championship since its inception for all but a period of 48 days in 2007. Australia have made record six World Cup final appearances and have won the World Cup a record four times in total; 1987 Cricket World Cup, 1999 Cricket World Cup, 2003 Cricket World Cup and 2007 Cricket World Cup. Australia is the first team to appear in 4 consecutive World Cup finals, surpassing the old record of 3 consecutive World Cup appearances by West Indies.
/m/02l7c8	Romance films are romantic love stories recorded in visual media for broadcast in theaters and on television that focus on passion, emotion, and the affectionate romantic involvement of the main characters and the journey that their genuinely strong, true and pure romantic love takes them through dating, courtship or marriage. Romance films make the romantic love story or the search for strong and pure love and romance the main plot focus. Occasionally, romance lovers face obstacles such as finances, physical illness, various forms of discrimination, psychological restraints or family that threaten to break their union of love. As in all quite strong, deep, and close romantic relationships, tensions of day-to-day life, temptations, and differences in compatibility enter into the plots of romantic films.\nRomantic films often explore the essential themes of love at first sight, young with older love, unrequited romantic love, obsessive love, sentimental love, spiritual love, forbidden love/romance, platonic love, sexual and passionate love, sacrificial love explosive and destructive love, and tragic love. Romantic films serve as great escapes and fantasies for viewers, especially if the two people finally overcome their difficulties, declare their love, and experience life \"happily ever after\", implied by a reunion and final kiss. In romantic television series, the development of such romantic relationships may play out over many episodes, and different characters may become intertwined in different romantic arcs.
/m/099cng	The Broadcast Film Critics Association was founded in 1995 and since that year they have presented the Critics Choice Movie Awards. The following is the list of winners and nominees for the Critics Choice Movie Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role. This award was first given in 1995. There were no nominees until 2001. There have been two ties in this category. There are currently six nominees annually.\n§ = indicates the performance was not nominated for the Academy Award
/m/03sxn4	The English Renaissance was a cultural and artistic movement in England dating from the late 15th and early 16th centuries to the early 17th century. It is associated with the pan-European Renaissance that is usually regarded as beginning in Italy in the late 14th century. Like most of northern Europe, England saw little of these developments until more than a century later. The beginning of the English Renaissance is often taken, as a convenience, to be 1485, when the Battle of Bosworth Field ended the Wars of the Roses and inaugurated the Tudor Dynasty. Renaissance style and ideas, however, were slow in penetrating England, and the Elizabethan era in the second half of the 16th century is usually regarded as the height of the English Renaissance.
/m/02y7sr	Michael Andrew \"Duff\" McKagan is an American musician and writer. He is best known for his twelve-year tenure as the bassist of the hard rock band Guns N' Roses, with whom he achieved worldwide success in the late 1980s and early 1990s. During his later years with the band, he released a solo album, Believe in Me, and formed the short-lived supergroup Neurotic Outsiders.\nFollowing his departure from Guns N' Roses in 1997, McKagan briefly reunited with his pre-success Seattle punk band 10 Minute Warning. He then formed the still-active hard rock band Loaded, in which he performs lead vocals and rhythm guitar. Between 2002 and 2008, he played bass in the supergroup Velvet Revolver with his former Guns N' Roses band mates Slash and Matt Sorum. He joined Jane's Addiction for a brief tenure in 2010. He was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2012 as a member of Guns N' Roses.\nIn addition to his musical career, McKagan has established himself as a writer. He has written weekly columns on a wide variety of topics for SeattleWeekly.com, Playboy.com, and ESPN.com. A former high school drop-out, he attended Seattle University's Albers School of Business and Economics in the early 2000s, and subsequently founded the wealth management firm Meridian Rock.
/m/0dlw0	Umbria, is a region of historic and modern central Italy. It is the only region having neither a coastline nor a common border with other countries; however, the region includes the Lake Trasimeno and is crossed by the River Tiber. The regional capital is Perugia. Umbria is appreciated for its landscapes, traditions, history, artistic legacy and influence on high culture.\nThe region is characterized by sweet and green hills and historical towns such as Assisi, Norcia, Gubbio, Spoleto, Todi, Città di Castello, Orvieto, Cascata delle Marmore, Castiglione del Lago, Passignano sul Trasimeno and other charming towns and small cities.
/m/015d3h	Ernest Borgnine was an American film and television actor whose career spanned more than six decades. He was an unconventional lead in many films of the 1950s, winning an Oscar in 1955 for Marty. On television, he played Quinton McHale in the 1962–1966 series McHale's Navy and co-starred in the mid-1980s action series Airwolf, in addition to a wide variety of other roles. Borgnine earned an Emmy Award nomination at age 92 for his work on the series ER. He was also known for being the original voice of Mermaid Man on SpongeBob SquarePants from 1999 to 2012.
/m/0dnqr	The 3rd installment in the original Indiana Jones Trilogy. Plot: When Dr. Henry Jones Sr. suddenly goes missing while pursuing the Holy Grail, eminent archaeologist Indiana Jones must follow in his father's footsteps and stop the Nazis.
/m/03b6j8	The Poland national football team represents Poland in association football and is controlled by the Polish Football Association, the governing body for football in Poland. Poland's home ground is National Stadium in Warsaw and their current head coach is Adam Nawałka.\nThe most renowned Polish team was the one of the mid-1970s that held England to a draw at Wembley to qualify for the World Cup in 1974. They defeated Brazil 1–0 to claim third place in the tournament, with striker Grzegorz Lato winning the Golden Boot for his seven goals. Poland also finished 3rd in the 1982 beating France 3–2 in the third-place play-off.\nPoland also won the gold medal in the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich; the silver medal in 1976 in Montreal; and a silver medal in 1992 in Barcelona. Their Olympic success was helped by a wholly amateur squad, similar to other nations behind the Iron Curtain.\nPoland first qualified for the European Football Championships in 2008. They also qualified automatically for the 2012 European Football Championship by virtue of being joint hosts with Ukraine. They finished bottom of their group on both occasions.
/m/0djywgn	Rowan Sebastian Atkinson, CBE is an English actor, comedian, and screenwriter who is best known for his work on the sitcoms Mr. Bean and Blackadder. Atkinson first came to prominence in the sketch comedy show Not the Nine O'Clock News, and via his participation in The Secret Policeman's Balls from 1979. His other work includes the sitcom The Thin Blue Line.\nHe has been listed in The Observer as one of the 50 funniest actors in British comedy and amongst the top 50 comedians ever, in a 2005 poll of fellow comedians. He has also had cinematic success with his performances in the Mr. Bean movie adaptations Bean and Mr. Bean's Holiday and in Johnny English and its sequel Johnny English Reborn.
/m/085gk	Walter \"Walt\" Whitman was an American poet, essayist and journalist. A humanist, he was a part of the transition between transcendentalism and realism, incorporating both views in his works. Whitman is among the most influential poets in the American canon, often called the father of free verse. His work was very controversial in its time, particularly his poetry collection Leaves of Grass, which was described as obscene for its overt sexuality.\nBorn in Huntington on Long Island, Whitman worked as a journalist, a teacher, a government clerk, and—in addition to publishing his poetry—was a volunteer nurse during the American Civil War. Early in his career, he also produced a temperance novel, Franklin Evans. Whitman's major work, Leaves of Grass, was first published in 1855 with his own money. The work was an attempt at reaching out to the common person with an American epic. He continued expanding and revising it until his death in 1892. After a stroke towards the end of his life, he moved to Camden, New Jersey, where his health further declined. He died at age 72 and his funeral became a public spectacle.\nWhitman's sexuality is often discussed alongside his poetry. Though biographers continue to debate his sexuality, he is usually described as either homosexual or bisexual in his feelings and attractions. However, there is disagreement among biographers as to whether Whitman had actual sexual experiences with men.
/m/0cq7kw	My Fair Lady is a 1964 musical film adaptation of the Lerner and Loewe stage musical of the same name, based on the 1938 film adaptation of the original stage play Pygmalion by George Bernard Shaw. Directed by George Cukor, the film depicts arrogant phonetics professor Henry Higgins as he wagers that he can take flower girl Eliza Doolittle and turn her Cockney accent into a proper English one, thereby making her presentable in high society of Edwardian London.\nThe film won eight Academy Awards, including Best Picture, Best Actor, and Best Director.
/m/03c_cxn	Happy-Go-Lucky is a 2008 British comedy-drama film written and directed by Mike Leigh. The screenplay focuses on a cheerful and optimistic primary-school teacher and her relationships with those around her. The film was well received by critics and resulted in a number of awards for Leigh, lead actress Sally Hawkins and supporting actor Eddie Marsan.
/m/06cmd2	Welling United Football Club is an English football club, based in Welling in the London Borough of Bexley. The club's first team currently play in the Conference National.
/m/0gwjw0c	Django Unchained is a 2012 American western film written and directed by Quentin Tarantino, who made the film as a very stylized variation of the \"spaghetti western\" – but primarily taking place in America's pre-Civil War South. The film stars Jamie Foxx, Christoph Waltz, Leonardo DiCaprio, Kerry Washington, and Samuel L. Jackson, and was released December 25, 2012, in North America.\nThe story is set in early winter and then spring, during the antebellum era of the Deep South with preliminary scenes taking place in Old West Texas. The film follows an African-American slave, and an English-speaking, German bounty hunter posing as a traveling dentist, named Dr. Schultz. In exchange for helping Dr. Schultz collect a large bounty on three outlaws that he has never seen – but Django has, while being trafficked – Dr. Schultz buys and then promises to free Django after they catch the outlaws the following spring. Dr. Schultz also promises to teach Django bounty hunting, and split the bounties with him, if Django assists him in hunting down other outlaws throughout the winter, on the way south. Django agrees – on the condition that they also locate and free his long-lost wife from her cruel plantation owner.
/m/0300cp	Graham Holdings Company is a diversified American conglomerate, best known for formerly owning the newspaper for which it was once named, The Washington Post. The company currently owns Kaplan, Inc., an international provider of educational and career services for individuals, schools, and businesses. In addition, the company owns Post-Newsweek Stations, television stations in six major cities; and Cable ONE, a cable television and Internet service provider with subscribers in midwestern, western, and southern states. The company previously owned Newsweek and Newsweek.com, but sold the magazine in 2010 after years of financial losses.
/m/04mlmx	Margaret Ruth \"Margot\" Kidder is a Canadian-American actress. She appeared in a wide range of films during the 1970s and 1980s such as Sisters, Black Christmas, The Great Waldo Pepper, The Amityville Horror and Heartaches. She is best known for her role as Lois Lane in four Superman movies opposite Christopher Reeve, beginning with Superman in 1978.
/m/07hnp	A heat-labile and water-soluble essential vitamin, belonging to the vitamin B family, with antioxidant, erythropoietic, mood modulating, and glucose-regulating activities. Thiamine reacts with adenosine triphosphate (ATP) to form an active coenzyme, thiamine pyrophosphate. Thiamine pyrophosphate is necessary for the actions of pyruvate dehydrogenase and alpha-ketoglutarate in carbohydrate metabolism and for the actions of transketolase, an enzyme that plays an important role in the pentose phosphate pathway. Thiamine plays a key role in intracellular glucose metabolism and may inhibit the action of glucose and insulin on arterial smooth muscle cell proliferation. Thiamine may also protect against lead toxicity by inhibiting lead-induced lipid peroxidation.
/m/09b69	Eastern Europe is the eastern part of the European continent. The term has widely disparate and varying geopolitical, geographical, cultural, and socioeconomic readings, which makes it highly context-dependent and even volatile. There are \"almost as many definitions of Eastern Europe as there are scholars of the region\". A related United Nations paper adds that \"every assessment of spatial identities is essentially a social and cultural construct\". One definition describes Eastern Europe as a cultural entity: the region lying in Europe with main characteristics consisting in Byzantine, Orthodox, and some Turco-Islamic influences.\nAnother definition, considered outdated by most authors, was created during the Cold War and used more or less synonymously with the term Eastern Bloc. A similar definition names the formerly communist European states outside the Soviet Union as Eastern Europe.
/m/06fp11	The Michael L. Printz Award is an American Library Association literary award that annually recognizes the \"best book written for teens, based entirely on its literary merit\". It is sponsored by Booklist magazine; administered by the ALA's young-adult division, the Young Adult Library Services Association; and named for the Topeka, Kansas, school librarian Mike Printz, a long-time active member of YALSA.\nUp to four worthy runners-up may be designated Honor Books and three or four have been named every year.\nMarcus Sedgwick won the 15th Printz Award for Midwinterblood, published by Roaring Brook Press. It was announced during the ALA midwinter meeting, January 27, 2014, when four Honor Books were also named.
/m/0192l	Bagpipes are a class of musical instrument, aerophones, using enclosed reeds fed from a constant reservoir of air in the form of a bag. Though the Scottish Great Highland Bagpipe and Irish uilleann pipes have the greatest international visibility, bagpipes have been played for centuries throughout large parts of Europe, the Caucasus, around the Persian Gulf and in Northern Africa. The term bagpipe is equally correct in the singular or plural, although in the English language, pipers most commonly talk of \"the pipes\", \"a set of pipes\" or \"a stand of pipes\".
/m/03hzkq	Kailasam Balachander is an Indian film director, screenwriter and producer who works mainly in the Tamil film industry. Well known for his distinct film-making style, the south Indian film industry knows him as a master of unconventional themes and hard-hitting subject matters of contemporary time. His films are well known for its portrayal of women as bold personalities and central characters. Popularly referred to as Iyakkunar Sikaram, his films are usually centered around unusual or complicated interpersonal relationships and social themes. Starting his cinematic career as a screenwriter, Balachander soon graduated as a director with Neerkumizhi in 1965. In a career that is spread over 45 years, he has contributed to nearly 100 feature films either as a screenwriter or director, thus becoming one of the most prolific film-makers in the country. Known among his colleagues as a tough task master, he is credited with having introduced and nurtured numerous actors, notably Kamal Hassan, Rajinikanth, Saritha, Prakash Raj and Vivek.\nAs of 2013, Balachander has won nine National Film Awards and multiple Filmfare Awards. He was honoured with the Padma Shri, India's fourth highest civilian award, in 1987, and is a recipient of the ANR National Award and Dadasaheb Phalke Award, India's highest award in cinema.
/m/0bgv4g	Punt returner is a position on special teams in American football.
/m/0bkg87	Bappi Lahiri or Alokesh Lahiri is a music director in the Indian film industry. He popularized the use of synthesized disco music in Indian cinema and sang some of his own compositions. He was popular in the 1980s and 90s with filmi soundtracks like Disco Dancer, Namak Halaal, Dance Dance, Commando, Gang Leader, and Sharaabi among others.\nBappi da joined BJP Party
/m/06b19	Queen's University at Kingston is a public research university located in Kingston, Ontario, Canada. Founded on 16 October 1841, the university predated the founding of Canada by 26 years. Queen's holds more than 1,400 hectares of land throughout Ontario and owns Herstmonceux Castle in East Sussex, England. Queen's is organized into ten undergraduate, graduate and professional faculties and schools.\nThe Church of Scotland established Queen's College in 1841 with a royal charter from Queen Victoria. The first classes, intended to prepare students for the ministry, were held 7 March 1842 with 13 students and two professors. Queen's was the first university west of the maritime provinces to admit women, and to form a student government. In 1883, a women's college for medical education affiliated with Queen's University. In 1888, Queen's University began offering extension courses, becoming the first Canadian university to do so. In 1912, Queen's secularized and changed to its present legal name.\nQueen's is a co-educational university, with more than 23,000 students, and with over 131,000 living alumni worldwide. Notable alumni include government officials, academics, business leaders and 56 Rhodes Scholars. The university ranked 189th in the 2013 QS World University Rankings, 201-225th in the 2012-2013 Times Higher Education World University Rankings, and 201-300 in the 2012 Academic Ranking of World Universities. Queen's varsity teams, known as the Golden Gaels, compete in the Ontario University Athletics conference of the Canadian Interuniversity Sport.
/m/03295l	Filipino Americans are Americans of Filipino descent and comprise about 3.4 million people, or 1.1% of the U.S. population. They are the country's second-largest self-reported Asian ancestry group after Chinese Americans according to 2010 American Community Survey.\nThe term Filipino American is sometimes shortened to \"Fil-Ams\", or \"Pinoy\". Some Filipinos believe that the term Pinoy was coined by Filipinos who came to the United States to distinguish themselves from Filipinos living in the Philippines.\nFilipinos in North America were first documented in the 16th century, with small settlements beginning in the 18th century. Mass migration did not begin until the early 20th Century when the Philippines was ceded by Spain to the United States in the Treaty of Paris. Philippine independence was recognized by the United States on July 4, 1946. Immigration was reduced significantly during the 1930s, except for those who served in the United States Navy and increased following immigration reform in the 1960s.
/m/0190_8	The Church of Scotland, known informally by its Scots language name, the Kirk, is a Presbyterian church, decisively shaped by the Scottish Reformation.\nThe Church of Scotland traces its roots back to the beginnings of Christianity in Scotland, but its identity is principally shaped by the Reformation of 1560. Its current pledged membership is about 9% of the Scottish population—though according to the 2011 national census, 32% of the Scottish population claim some form of allegiance to it.
/m/04chyn	The University of the West Indies is a public university system serving 18 English-speaking countries and territories in the Caribbean: Jamaica, Anguilla, Antigua and Barbuda, The Bahamas, Barbados, Belize, Bermuda, the British Virgin Islands, the Cayman Islands, Dominica, Grenada, Guyana, Montserrat, St. Kitts and Nevis, St. Lucia, St. Vincent and the Grenadines, Trinidad and Tobago, and Turks and Caicos. Each of these countries is either a member of the Commonwealth of Nations or a British Overseas Territory. The aim of the university is to help \"unlock the potential for economic and cultural growth\" in the West Indies, thus allowing for improved regional autonomy. The University was originally instituted as an independent external college of the University of London.\nSince the University's inception, students and faculty have been recognized in fields ranging from the arts and sciences, to business, politics, and sports. Notable alumni and faculty include two Nobel Laureates, sixty-one Rhodes Scholars, 18 current or former Caribbean Heads of Government, and an Olympic medalist. The university's cricket team previously participated in West Indian domestic cricket, but now participates as part of a Combined Campuses and Colleges team.
/m/05szp	Paula Julie Abdul is an American singer, choreographer, songwriter, dancer, actress and television personality. She began her career as a cheerleader for the Los Angeles Lakers before rising to prominence in the 1980s as a highly sought-after choreographer at the height of the music video era. Abdul later scored a string of pop music hits in the late 1980s and early 1990s. Her six number one singles on the Billboard Hot 100 tie her with Diana Ross for sixth among the female solo performers who have topped the chart. She won a Grammy for \"Best Music Video – Short Form\" for \"Opposites Attract\" and twice won the \"Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Choreography\".\nAfter her initial period of success, Abdul suffered a series of setbacks in her professional and personal life. She saw renewed fame and success as an original judge on American Idol in the 2000s, which she left after the eighth season. She went on to star on CBS' short-lived television series Live to Dance, which lasted one season in 2011, and was subsequently a judge on the first season of the American version of The X Factor along with her former American Idol co-judge Simon Cowell, the creator and producer of the show. She was also a guest judge on the All-Stars edition of Dancing with the Stars in 2012 and the tenth season of So You Think You Can Dance in 2013, and more recently has become a permanent judge for the Australian version of the show for its 2014 revival.
/m/05bht9	Henry Hathaway was an American film director and producer. He is best known as a director of Westerns, especially starring Randolph Scott and John Wayne.
/m/04wp63	Benjamin \"Ben\" Burtt, Jr. is an American sound designer, film editor, director, screenwriter, and voice actor. He has worked as sound designer on various films including: the Star Wars and Indiana Jones film series, Invasion of the Body Snatchers, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, and WALL-E.\nHe is most notable for creating many of the iconic sound effects heard in the Star Wars film franchise, including the \"voice\" of R2-D2, the lightsaber hum, the sound of the blaster guns, and the heavy-breathing sound of Darth Vader.\nThe winner of four Academy Awards, he is the director of various documentary films. He is also the editor of the three films of the Star Wars prequel trilogy.
/m/07s3vqk	Ray Charles Robinson was an American singer-songwriter, musician and composer known as Ray Charles. He was a pioneer in the genre of soul music during the 1950s by fusing rhythm and blues, gospel, and blues styles into his early recordings with Atlantic Records. He also helped racially integrate country and pop music during the 1960s with his crossover success on ABC Records, most notably with his Modern Sounds albums. While with ABC, Charles became one of the first African-American musicians to be given artistic control by a mainstream record company. Frank Sinatra called Charles \"the only true genius in show business\", although Charles downplayed this notion.\nThe influences upon his music were mainly jazz, blues, rhythm and blues and country artists of the day such as Art Tatum, Nat King Cole, Louis Jordan, Charles Brown, and Louis Armstrong. His playing reflected influences from country blues, barrelhouse and stride piano styles.\nRolling Stone ranked Charles number ten on their list of \"100 Greatest Artists of All Time\" in 2004, and number two on their November 2008 list of \"100 Greatest Singers of All Time\". In honoring Charles, Billy Joel noted: \"This may sound like sacrilege, but I think Ray Charles was more important than Elvis Presley.
/m/02rrsz	Penelope Ann Miller, sometimes credited as Penelope Miller, is an American actress. She began her career on Broadway, and starred in several major Hollywood films, particularly in the late 1980s and early 1990s in which she appeared in Biloxi Blues, Big Top Pee-wee, The Freshman, Awakenings, Kindergarten Cop, Other People's Money, Year of the Comet, Chaplin and Carlito's Way and has continued to appear in supporting roles in both film and television including The Relic and The Artist.
/m/02r1tx7	Ringo Starr & His All-Starr Band is a supergroup with shifting personnel led by former Beatles drummer and vocalist Ringo Starr.\nSince 1989, Starr has toured with twelve variations of the band, where \"everybody on stage is a star in their own right.\" Ringo Starr and his All-Starr Band is a concept that was created by producer David Fishof. The band has consistently toured for over two decades, and rotates its line-up depending on the musicians' projects and availability at any given time. Typically at an All-Starr Band concert, Starr will perform some songs from both his solo career and his years with The Beatles, then each band member will take turns performing two to three hits from their own career as well as the occasional acoustic/solo spot.
/m/03ljr	The House of Commons is the lower house of the Parliament of the United Kingdom which, like the House of Lords, meets in the Palace of Westminster. The Commons is an elected body consisting of 646 members known as members of parliament. Members are elected to represent constituencies by first-past-the-post and hold their seats until Parliament is dissolved.\nA House of Commons of England evolved at some point in England during the 14th century, becoming the House of Commons of Great Britain after the political union with Scotland in 1707 and in the nineteenth century the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland after the political union with Ireland before assuming its current title after independence was given to the Irish Free State in 1922.\nUnder the Parliament Act 1911, the Lords' power to reject legislation was reduced to a delaying power. The Government is primarily responsible to the House of Commons and the prime minister stays in office only as long as he or she retains its support.
/m/01j2xj	Samuel Alexander \"Sam\" Mendes, CBE is an English stage and film director. He is best known for directing American Beauty, which earned him the Academy and Golden Globe Award for Best Director, the crime film Road to Perdition, and the James Bond movie Skyfall. He also is known for dark re-inventions of the stage musicals Cabaret, Oliver!, Company, and Gypsy. He directed an original stage musical for the first time with Charlie and the Chocolate Factory.\nIn 2000, Mendes was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire by Queen Elizabeth II for \"services to drama\" and in the same year was awarded the Shakespeare Prize by the Alfred Toepfer Foundation in Hamburg, Germany. In 2005 he received a lifetime achievement award from the Directors Guild of Great Britain.
/m/0_24q	Scranton is a city in the northeastern part of Pennsylvania, United States. It is the county seat of Lackawanna County and the largest principal city in the Scranton/Wilkes-Barre metropolitan area. Scranton had a population of 76,089 in 2010, according to the U.S. Census, making it Pennsylvania's sixth-most-populous city after Philadelphia, Pittsburgh, Allentown, Erie, and Reading.\nScranton is the geographic and cultural center of the Lackawanna River valley, and the largest of the former anthracite coal mining communities in a contiguous quilt-work that also includes Wilkes-Barre, Pittston, and Carbondale. Scranton was incorporated as a borough on February 14, 1856, and as a city on April 23, 1866. Scranton became known as the Electric City when electric lights were introduced at Dickson Locomotive Works in 1880. Six years later, the nation's first successful, continuously operating electrified streetcars began operating in the city.\nScranton is also home to a regional branch of Dunder Mifflin, the fictional paper company featured in the television series The Office.\nResidents of Scranton are referred to as \"Scrantonians\".
/m/02z_b	Fox News Channel, also known as Fox News, is an American basic cable and satellite news television channel that is owned by the Fox Entertainment Group subsidiary of 21st Century Fox. As of August 2013, approximately 97,186,000 American households receive the Fox News Channel. The channel broadcasts primarily from studios at Rockefeller Center in New York City.\nThe channel was created by Australian-American media mogul Rupert Murdoch, who hired former NBC executive Roger Ailes as its founding CEO. It launched on October 7, 1996, to 17 million cable subscribers. It grew during the late 1990s and 2000s to become the dominant cable news network in the United States.\nMany observers have stated that Fox News Channel promotes conservative political positions and biased reporting. Commentators, news anchors, and reporters at Fox News Channel have responded that news reporting and political commentary operate independently of each other and have denied any bias in news reporting.
/m/01lxw6	Lexington is a town in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States. The population was 31,394 at the 2010 census, in nearly 11,100 households. Settled in 1642, this town is famous for being the site of the first shot of the American Revolutionary War, in the Battle of Lexington on April 19, 1775, as the \"Shot heard 'round the world\" when news spread about the revolution.
/m/0yzvw	My Left Foot: The Story of Christy Brown is a 1989 drama film directed by Jim Sheridan and starring Daniel Day-Lewis. It tells the true story of Christy Brown, an Irishman born with cerebral palsy, who could control only his left foot. Christy Brown grew up in a poor, working-class family, and became a writer and artist. The film also stars Ray McAnally, Brenda Fricker, Fiona Shaw, Julie Hale, Alison Whelan, Kirsten Sheridan, Declan Croghan, Eanna MacLiam, Marie Conmee, and Cyril Cusack. It was adapted by Shane Connaughton and Jim Sheridan from the book of the same name by Christy Brown.\nThe film was well received by critics and audiences alike. Daniel Day-Lewis and Brenda Fricker both won the Academy Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role and Best Actress in a Supporting Role, respectively, and was nominated for three more awards, Best Adapted Screenplay for Shane Connaughton and Jim Sheridan, Best Director for Sheridan and the Academy Award for Best Picture.
/m/05np4c	Ellen Kathleen Pompeo is an American actress, best known for her role as Meredith Grey in the ABC medical drama Grey's Anatomy. In 2007, this role earned her a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Television Series Drama nomination. In film, she appeared in Moonlight Mile, Old School, and Daredevil.
/m/0jq47	Soldier of fortune (also known as mercenary) is a soldier who sells his services.
/m/027km64	Susan Maria Blu, sometimes credited as Sue Blu, is an American voice actress, voice director and casting director in American and Canadian cinema and television. She most notably voiced Arcee in the original Transformers movie and Seasons 3 and 4 of The Transformers. She is also known for playing the roles of Stormer and Lin-Z Pierce in the 80s animated series, Jem.
/m/0420y	Jean-Jacques Rousseau was a Genevan philosopher, writer, and composer of the 18th century. His political philosophy influenced the French Revolution as well as the overall development of modern political, sociological, and educational thought. He argued that private property was the start of civilization, inequality, murders and wars.\nRousseau's novel Émile, or On Education is a treatise on the education of the whole person for citizenship. His sentimental novel Julie, or the New Heloise was of importance to the development of pre-romanticism and romanticism in fiction. Rousseau's autobiographical writings—his Confessions, which initiated the modern autobiography, and his Reveries of a Solitary Walker—exemplified the late 18th-century movement known as the Age of Sensibility, and featured an increased focus on subjectivity and introspection that later characterized modern writing. His Discourse on the Origin of Inequality and his On the Social Contract are cornerstones in modern political and social thought.\nRousseau was a successful composer of music, who wrote seven operas as well as music in other forms, and made contributions to music as a theorist. During the period of the French Revolution, Rousseau was the most popular of the philosophes among members of the Jacobin Club. Rousseau was interred as a national hero in the Panthéon in Paris, in 1794, 16 years after his death.
/m/0693l	Quentin Jerome Tarantino is an American film director, screenwriter, producer, and actor. His films have been characterized by nonlinear storylines, satirical subject matter, and an aestheticization/glorification of violence that often results in the exhibition of neo-noir characteristics. Tarantino has been dubbed a \"director DJ,\" comparing his stylistic use of mix-and-match genre and music infusion to the use of sampling in DJ exhibits, morphing a variety of old works to create a new one.\nTarantino grew up an avid film fan and worked in a video rental store while training to act. His career began in the late 1980s, when he wrote and directed My Best Friend's Birthday, the screenplay of which formed the basis for True Romance. In the early 1990s, he began his career as an independent filmmaker with the release of Reservoir Dogs in 1992; regarded as a classic and cult hit, it was called the \"Greatest Independent Film of All Time\" by Empire magazine. Its popularity was boosted by the release of his second film, 1994's Pulp Fiction, a neo-noir crime film that became a major critical and commercial success, widely regarded as one of the greatest films of all time. Paying homage to 1970s blaxploitation films, Tarantino released Jackie Brown in 1997, an adaptation of the novel Rum Punch.
/m/0cc5mcj	Cowboys & Aliens is a 2011 American science fiction Western film directed by Jon Favreau and starring Daniel Craig, Harrison Ford, and Olivia Wilde. The film is based on the 2006 graphic novel of the same name created by Scott Mitchell Rosenberg. The main plot revolves around an amnesiac outlaw, a wealthy cattleman, and a mysterious traveler who must ally to save a group of townspeople abducted by aliens. The screenplay was written by Roberto Orci, Alex Kurtzman, Damon Lindelof, Mark Fergus and Hawk Ostby, based on a screen story by the latter two along with Steve Oedekerk. The film was produced by Brian Grazer, Ron Howard, Kurtzman, Orci and Rosenberg, with Steven Spielberg and Favreau serving as executive producers.\nThe project began development in April 1997, when Universal Pictures and DreamWorks bought film rights to a concept pitched by Rosenberg, former president at Malibu Comics, which he described as a graphic novel in development. After the graphic novel was published in 2006, development on the film was begun again, and Favreau signed on as director in September 2009. On a budget of $163 million, filming for Cowboys & Aliens began in June 2010, in New Mexico and California. Despite studio pressure to release the film in 3-D, Favreau chose to film traditionally and in anamorphic format to further a \"classic movie feel\". Measures were taken to maintain a serious Western element despite the film's \"inherently comic\" title and premise. The film's aliens were designed to be \"cool and captivating\", with some details, such as a fungus that grows on their wounds, created to depict the creatures as frontiersmen facing adversity in an unfamiliar place.
/m/02vqhv0	Disney's A Christmas Carol is a 2009 American 3D computer animated motion-capture holiday fantasy comedy-drama film written and directed by Robert Zemeckis. It is an adaptation of the Charles Dickens story of the same name and stars Jim Carrey in a multitude of roles, including Ebenezer Scrooge as a young, middle-aged, and old man, and the three ghosts who haunt Scrooge. The film also features supporting roles done by Gary Oldman, Colin Firth, Bob Hoskins, Robin Wright Penn, and Cary Elwes.\nThe 3D film was produced through the process of motion capture, a technique Zemeckis previously used in his films The Polar Express, and Beowulf.\nA Christmas Carol began filming in February 2008, and was released on November 3, 2009 by Walt Disney Pictures. It received its world premiere in London, coinciding with the switching on of the annual Oxford Street and Regent Street Christmas lights, which in 2009 had a Dickens theme.\nThe film was released in Disney Digital 3-D and IMAX 3-D. It is also Disney's third film retelling of A Christmas Carol following 1983's Mickey's Christmas Carol and 1992's The Muppet Christmas Carol. The film also marks Carrey's first role in a Walt Disney Pictures film, and his second Christmas film after How the Grinch Stole Christmas.
/m/02pgky2	The 80th Academy Awards ceremony, presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, honored the best films of 2007 in the United States and took place February 24, 2008, at the Kodak Theatre in Hollywood, Los Angeles beginning at 5:30 p.m. PST / 8:30 p.m. EST. During the ceremony, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences presented Academy Awards in 24 categories. The ceremony was televised in the United States by ABC. Actor and talk show host Jon Stewart hosted the show for the second time, having previously presided over the 78th ceremony held in 2006.\nOn February 9, 2008, in a ceremony at the Beverly Wilshire Hotel in Beverly Hills, California, the Academy Awards for Technical Achievement were presented by host Jessica Alba.\nNo Country for Old Men won four awards including Best Picture and Best Director for Ethan and Joel Coen, the second pair of directors to win this category for a single film. Other winners included The Bourne Ultimatum with three awards, La Vie en Rose and There Will Be Blood with two awards, and Atonement, The Counterfeiters, Freeheld, The Golden Compass, Juno, Michael Clayton, The Mozart of Pickpockets, Once, Peter and the Wolf. Ratatouille, Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street, and Taxi to the Dark Side with one. The telecast garnered 31.8 million viewers, making it the least watched Oscar ceremony in its history.
/m/0161c	Bahrain, officially the Kingdom of Bahrain is a small island country situated near the western shores of the Persian Gulf. It is an archipelago with Bahrain Island the largest land mass at 55 km long by 18 km wide. Saudi Arabia lies to the west and is connected to Bahrain by the King Fahd Causeway while Iran lies 200 km to the north across the Persian Gulf. The peninsula of Qatar is to the southeast across the Gulf of Bahrain. The population in 2010 stood at 1,234,571, including 666,172 non-nationals.\nBahrain is believed to be the site of the ancient land of the Dilmun civilization and later came under the rule of successive Parthian and Sassanid Persian empires. The country was one of the earliest areas to convert to Islam in 628 AD. Following a period of Arab rule, Bahrain was occupied by the Portuguese in 1521, who in turn were expelled in 1602 by Shah Abbas I of the Safavid empire. In 1783, the Bani Utbah tribe captured Bahrain from the Qajars and has since been ruled by the Al Khalifa royal family, with Ahmed al Fateh the first hakim of Bahrain. In the late 1800s, following successive treaties with the British, Bahrain became a protectorate of the United Kingdom. Following the withdrawal of the British from the region in the late 1960s, Bahrain declared independence in 1971. Formerly a state, Bahrain was declared a \"Kingdom\" in 2002. Since early 2011, the country has experienced sustained protests and unrest inspired by the regional Arab Spring, particularly by the majority Shia population. Oil was discovered in Bahrain in 1932, the first such find on the Arabian side of the Gulf.
/m/0fm9_	Rockland County is a suburban county in the U.S. state of New York. Located 15 miles northwest of Manhattan and part of the New York City metropolitan area, it is the southernmost county in New York west of the Hudson River, and the smallest county by area in New York outside of New York City. The county's population, as of the 2010 census, was 311,687, representing an 8.0% increase from the 286,753 counted in 2000. The name derives from \"rocky land\", as the area was described by early Dutch and English settlers. Rockland's county seat is the hamlet of New City.\nThe county comprises five towns and nineteen incorporated villages, with numerous unincorporated villages and hamlets. Rockland County is designated as a Preserve America Community, and roughly one-third of the county is parkland.\nThe county has the largest Jewish population per capita of any U.S. county, with 31.4%, or 90,000 residents, being Jewish. Rockland also ranks 9th on the list of highest-income counties by median household income in the United States with $75,306 according to the 2000 census.
/m/023vcd	Happy Gilmore is a 1996 sports comedy film directed by Dennis Dugan and produced by Robert Simonds. It stars Adam Sandler as the title character, an unsuccessful ice hockey player who discovers a talent for golf. The screenplay was written by Sandler and Tim Herlihy. This film was the first of multiple collaborations between Sandler and Dugan. The film has received mixed reviews since its release.
/m/0trv	Arizona State University is a national space-grant institution and public metropolitan research university located in Tempe, Arizona. It is the largest public university in the United States by enrollment. Founded in 1885 as the Tempe Normal School for the Arizona Territory, the school came under control of the Arizona Board of Regents in 1945 and was renamed Arizona State College. A 1958 statewide ballot measure gave the university its present name. In 1994 ASU was classified as a Research I institute; thus, making Arizona State one of the newest major research universities in the nation. Arizona State's mission is to create a model of the “New American University” whose efficacy is measured “by those it includes and how they succeed, not by those it excludes”.\nASU awards bachelors, masters, and doctoral degrees, and is broadly organized into 16 colleges and schools spread across four campuses: the original Tempe campus, the West campus in northwest Phoenix, the Polytechnic campus in eastern Mesa, and the Downtown Phoenix campus. All four campuses are accredited as a single institution by the Higher Learning Commission. The University is categorized as a Research University with very high research activity as reported by the Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education, with a research expenditure of $385 million in 2012. Arizona State is one of the appointed members of the Universities Research Association, a consortium of 86 leading research-oriented universities.
/m/06jtd	Rhineland-Palatinate is one of the 16 states of the Federal Republic of Germany. It has an area of 19,846 square kilometres and about four million inhabitants. The capital is Mainz.
/m/09p3_s	A Passage to India is a 1984 drama film written and directed by David Lean. The screenplay is based on the 1924 novel of the same title by E. M. Forster and the 1960 play by Santha Rama Rau that was inspired by the novel.\nThis was the final film of Lean's career, and the first he had directed in 14 years. A Passage to India received eleven nominations at the Academy Awards, including Best Picture, Best Director for Lean, and Best Actress for Judy Davis for her portrayal as Adela Quested. Peggy Ashcroft won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her portrayal as Mrs Moore, making her, at 77, the oldest actress to win the award, and Maurice Jarre won his third award for Best Original Score.
/m/0bytfv	Ann Roth is an American costume designer for films and Broadway theatre.
/m/0fqxw	Gelderland is a province of the Netherlands, located in the central eastern part of the country.\nHistorically, the province dates from states of the Holy Roman Empire and takes its name from the nearby German city of Geldern.\nThe capital city is Arnhem. The two other major cities, Nijmegen and Apeldoorn are very similarly sized, with them both having a few thousand more inhabitants. Other major regional centers in Gelderland are Ede, Doetinchem, Zutphen, Tiel, Wageningen and Zevenaar.\nGelderland is the largest province of the Netherlands.
/m/02q5bx2	Tin Man is a 2007 four and a half hour miniseries co-produced by RHI Entertainment and Sci Fi Channel original pictures that was broadcast in the United States on the Sci Fi Channel in three parts. The first part aired on December 2, and the remaining two parts airing on the following nights. It was released to DVD on March 11, 2008; the same year it was rebroadcast in the United Kingdom, Australia, and New Zealand. Starring Zooey Deschanel, Neal McDonough, Alan Cumming, Raoul Trujillo, Kathleen Robertson, and Richard Dreyfuss, the miniseries is a continuation of the classic story The Wonderful Wizard of Oz, with science fiction and additional fantasy elements added. It focuses on the adventures of a small-town waitress named DG who is pulled into a magical realm called the O.Z., ruled by the tyrannical sorceress Azkadellia. Together with her companions Glitch, Raw, and Cain, DG journeys to uncover her lost memories, find her true parents, and foil Azkadellia's plot to trap the O.Z. in eternal darkness.\nCosting $20 million to produce, the first part of miniseries was the highest-rated program in its timeslot, with 6.4 million viewers; the miniseries itself would be the highest-rated miniseries of 2007. It was nominated for nine Emmy awards, winning one, and was also nominated for a Critics' Choice Award. Critics gave it mixed reviews, with some praising the acting, soundtrack, and visual effects, while others found it overly grim and bleak.
/m/01w_3	Cholesterol, from the Ancient Greek chole- and stereos followed by the chemical suffix -ol for an alcohol, is an organic molecule. It is a sterol, and an essential structural component of animal cell membranes that is required to establish proper membrane permeability and fluidity. Cholesterol is thus considered within the class of lipid molecules.\nIn addition to its importance within cells, cholesterol also serves as a precursor for the biosynthesis of steroid hormones, bile acids, and vitamin D. Cholesterol is the principal sterol synthesized by animals, all cells; in vertebrates the liver typically produces greater amounts than other cells. It is almost completely absent among prokaryotes, although there are some exceptions such as Mycoplasma, which require cholesterol for growth.\nFrançois Poulletier de la Salle first identified cholesterol in solid form in gallstones in 1769. However, it was not until 1815 that chemist Michel Eugène Chevreul named the compound \"cholesterine\".
/m/0640y35	Alvin and the Chipmunks: The Squeakquel is a 2009 American live-action comedy film directed by Betty Thomas. The film stars Zachary Levi, David Cross and Jason Lee with the voices of Justin Long, Matthew Gray Gubler, Jesse McCartney, Amy Poehler, Anna Faris and Christina Applegate. It was written by Jon Vitti, Jonathan Aibel and Glenn Berger, distributed by Twentieth Century Fox, and produced by Fox 2000 Pictures, Regency Enterprises and Bagdasarian Company. The film is a sequel to the 2007 film Alvin and the Chipmunks and was released in theaters on December 23, 2009.
/m/01flgk	The First French Empire, also known as the Greater French Empire or Napoleonic Empire, was the empire of Napoleon I of France. It was the dominant power of much of continental Europe at the beginning of the 19th century.\nNapoleon became Emperor of the French on 18 May 1804 and crowned Emperor on 2 December 1804, ending the period of the French Consulate, and won early military victories in the War of the Third Coalition against Austria, Prussia, Russia, Portugal, and allied nations, notably at the Battle of Austerlitz and the Battle of Friedland. The Treaty of Tilsit in July 1807 ended two years of bloodshed on the European continent.\nThe subsequent series of wars known collectively as the Napoleonic Wars extended French influence over much of Western Europe and into Poland. At its height in 1812, the French Empire had 130 départements, ruled over 44 million subjects, maintained an extensive military presence in Germany, Italy, Spain, and the Duchy of Warsaw, and could count Prussia and Austria as nominal allies. Early French victories exported many ideological features of the French Revolution throughout Europe. Seigneurial dues and seigneurial justice were abolished, aristocratic privileges were eliminated in all places except Poland, and the introduction of the Napoleonic Code throughout the continent increased legal equality, established jury systems, and legalized divorce. However Napoleon also placed relatives on the thrones of several European countries and granted many noble titles, most of which were not recognized after the empire fell.
/m/04svwx	My-HiME is an anime series, created by Sunrise. Directed by Masakazu Obara and written by Hiroyuki Yoshino, the series originally premiered in Japan on TV Tokyo from September 2004 to March 2005. The show is a comedy-drama focusing on the lives of HiMEs—girls with the capacity to materialize photons—gathered at Fuka Academy for a secret purpose.\nThe series was licensed for North American distribution by Bandai Entertainment and European distribution by Bandai's European subsidiary, Beez, with the first American DVD released at the end of March 2006. Bandai released the Complete Collection DVD set in America on October 7, 2008. It is also shown on Anime Selects On Demand but only for a limited time. At Otakon 2013, Funimation Entertainment had announced that they have rescued all of the My-Hime Project anime and will be re-released in 2014.
/m/06b1q	Quarterback is a position in American and Canadian football. Quarterbacks are members of the offensive team and line up directly behind the offensive line. Quarterbacks are the leaders of the offensive team, responsible for calling the play in the huddle.
/m/0fqxc	Overijssel or Overissel is a province of the Netherlands in the central-eastern part of the country. The province's name means \"Lands across the river Issel\", from the perspective of southern Europe. The capital city of Overijssel is Zwolle and the largest city is Enschede. The province has a population of 1,113,529 inhabitants.
/m/09ld6g	Nagesh, was a National Award-winning Tamil film actor, mostly remembered for his roles as a comedian during the 1960s. He is regarded as one of the most prolific comedians in Tamil cinema. He acted in over 1,000 films from 1958 to 2008, performing in variety of roles as comedian, lead roles, supporting actor and antagonist. Nagesh's style of comedy was largely inspired by Hollywood actor Jerry Lewis. Similarities between Nagesh and Lewis earned Nagesh the sobriquet \"Jerry Lewis of India\".
/m/050zr4	Virginia G. Madsen is an American actress and documentary film producer. She came to fame during the 1980s, having appeared in several films aimed at a teenage audience. Two decades later, she had an Academy Award and Golden Globe–nominated role in the 2004 film Sideways. Other films she appeared in include Candyman, The Prophecy, Ghosts of Mississippi, The Rainmaker, The Haunting, The Number 23, The Haunting in Connecticut and The Magic of Belle Isle.
/m/0164qt	The World Is Not Enough is the nineteenth spy film in the James Bond series, and the third to star Pierce Brosnan as the fictional MI6 agent James Bond. The film was directed by Michael Apted, with the original story and screenplay written by Neal Purvis, Robert Wade and Bruce Feirstein. It was produced by Michael G. Wilson and Barbara Broccoli. The title is taken from a line in the 1963 novel On Her Majesty's Secret Service.\nThe film's plot revolves around the assassination of billionaire Sir Robert King by the terrorist Renard, and Bond's subsequent assignment to protect King's daughter Elektra, who had previously been held for ransom by Renard. During his assignment, Bond unravels a scheme to increase petroleum prices by triggering a nuclear meltdown in the waters of Istanbul.\nFilming locations included Spain, France, Azerbaijan, Turkey and the UK, with interiors shot at Pinewood Studios. Despite mixed critical reception, The World Is Not Enough earned $361,832,400 worldwide. It was also the first Eon-produced Bond film to be officially released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer instead of United Artists, the original distributor.
/m/07pnk	In common usage, theft is the taking of another person's property without that person's permission or consent with the intent to deprive the rightful owner of it. The word is also used as an informal shorthand term for some crimes against property, such as burglary, embezzlement, larceny, looting, robbery, shoplifting, library theft and fraud. In some jurisdictions, theft is considered to be synonymous with larceny; in others, theft has replaced larceny. Someone who carries out an act of or makes a career of theft is known as a thief. The act of theft is known by terms such as stealing, thieving, wicksing, and filching.\nTheft is the name of a statutory offence in California, Canada, England and Wales, Hong Kong, Northern Ireland, the Republic of Ireland, and Victoria.
/m/0190_q	Space rock is a subgenre of rock music; the term originally referred to a group of early, mostly British, 1970s progressive and psychedelic rock bands such as Hawkwind, Gong and Pink Floyd, characterised by slow, lengthy instrumental passages dominated by electronic organs, synthesizers, experimental guitar work and science fiction or astronomical lyrical themes, though it was later repurposed to refer to a series of late 1980s British alternative rock bands that drew from earlier influences to create a more ambient but still melodic form of pop music. The term was revived in the 21st century to refer to a new crop of bands including The Flowers of Hell, Comets on Fire, and Flotation Toy Warning who diversely draw upon the ideas and sounds of both waves of the genre's founders.
/m/06jtx	The House of Romanov was the second and last imperial dynasty to rule over Russia, reigning from 1613 until the abdication of Tsar Nicholas II on March 15, 1917, as a result of the February Revolution. Tsar Nicholas and many members of his extended family were later executed by Bolsheviks in 1918 and it is believed that no member survived, ending the line definitively. The later history of the Imperial House is sometimes referred to informally as the House of Holstein-Gottorp-Romanov.\nThe Duke of Holstein-Gottorp, who was himself a member of a cadet branch of the Oldenburgs, married into the Romanov family early in the 18th century; all Romanov Tsars from the middle of that century to the revolution of 1917 were descended from that marriage. Though officially known as the House of Romanov, these descendants of the Romanov and Oldenburg Houses are sometimes referred to as Holstein-Gottorp-Romanov.
/m/0277470	Don Scardino is an American television director and producer and a former actor.
/m/0889x	Yngwie Johan Malmsteen is a Swedish guitarist, songwriter, multi-instrumentalist and bandleader. Malmsteen became known for his neo-classical playing style in heavy metal. According to Steve Huey of Allmusic, \"Yngwie Malmsteen is arguably the most technically accomplished hard rock guitarist to emerge during the '80s.\"
/m/016ks_	James Howard Woods is an American film, stage, and television actor. After his first Golden Globe nomination for a breakthrough role in The Onion Field, Woods starred in Once Upon a Time in America, the Oliver Stone films Salvador and Nixon, Ghosts of Mississippi, and in the legal series Shark. He has won three Emmy Awards – for television movies Promise and My Name Is Bill W., and for the animated series Hercules. He has been nominated twice for an Academy Award. His voice work has been heard in the animated series The Simpsons, Family Guy, Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas, and in films Stuart Little 2 and Disney's Hercules.
/m/03j63k	Upstairs, Downstairs is a British television drama series originally produced by London Weekend Television and revived by the BBC. It ran on ITV in 68 episodes divided into five series from 1971 to 1975.\nSet in a large townhouse in Edwardian, First World War and interwar Belgravia in London, the series depicts the lives of the servants \"downstairs\" and their masters—the family \"upstairs\". Great events feature prominently in the episodes but minor or gradual changes are also noted. The series stands as a document of the social and technological changes that occurred between 1903 and 1930.
/m/0prjs	Sir Kenneth Charles Branagh, Kt. is an actor, director, producer, and screenwriter from Northern Ireland. He has directed or starred in several film adaptations of William Shakespeare's plays, including Henry V, Much Ado About Nothing, Othello, Hamlet, Love's Labour's Lost, and As You Like It.\nHe has also starred in numerous other films and television series including Fortunes of War, Wild Wild West, The Road to El Dorado, Conspiracy, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, Warm Springs, Valkyrie, Wallander, and My Week with Marilyn as Sir Laurence Olivier. He has directed such notable films as Dead Again, Swan Song, Mary Shelley's Frankenstein, The Magic Flute, Sleuth, the blockbuster superhero film Thor and the action thriller Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit.
/m/025vl4m	Robert Guza Jr. is an American television writer and producer, and formerly held the position as Head Writer on the long running ABC Daytime soap opera General Hospital.
/m/03z0l6	Nicholas \"Nick\" Broomfield is an English documentary filmmaker. He is the son of Maurice Broomfield, a photographer.\nBroomfield works with a minimal crew, recording sound himself and using one or two camera operators. He is often seen in the finished film, usually holding the sound boom and wearing the Nagra tape recorder.
/m/01dzg0	The Mississippi State University of Agriculture and Applied Science, commonly known as Mississippi State University, is a land-grant university located in Oktibbeha County, Mississippi, United States, partially in the town of Starkville and partially in an unincorporated area. Mississippi State, Mississippi, is the official designation for the area that encompasses the university.\nIt is classified as a \"comprehensive doctoral research university with very high research activity\" by the Carnegie Foundation. The university has campuses in Starkville, Meridian, Biloxi, and Vicksburg. In 2009, Mississippi State University was ranked #18 nationally in Forbes magazine's \"America's Best College Buys\" and 1 in agricultural schools within the Southeastern Conference. Mississippi State was also ranked by U.S. News & World Report as one of the best universities in the United States for Engineering and Veterinary Medicine where it ranked eighty-fourth and twenty-fourth respectively.
/m/0436f4	Vincent Pastore is an American actor. Often cast as a mafioso, he is best known for his portrayal of Salvatore \"Big Pussy\" Bonpensiero on the television series, The Sopranos.
/m/04n7ps6	The Utah Utes football program is a college football team that currently competes in the Pacific-12 Conference of the Football Bowl Subdivision of NCAA Division I and represents the University of Utah. The Utah college football program began in 1892 and has played home games at Rice–Eccles Stadium since 1927. They have won twenty-four conference championships in five conferences during their history, and they have a cumulative record of 628 wins, 435 losses, and 31 ties.\nThe Utes have a record of 13–4 in bowl games, which is the highest winning percentage in the nation among teams that have had ten or more bowl appearances. Among Utah's bowl appearances are two games from the Bowl Championship Series: the Fiesta Bowl and the Sugar Bowl. In the 2005 Fiesta Bowl, Utah defeated the Pittsburgh Panthers 35–7, and in the 2009 Sugar Bowl, they defeated the Alabama Crimson Tide 31–17. During those seasons, Utah was a member of the Mountain West Conference, whose champion does not receive an automatic invitation to a BCS bowl. The Utes were the first team from a conference without an automatic bid to play in a BCS bowl game—colloquially known as being a BCS Buster—and the first BCS Buster to play in a second BCS Bowl.
/m/01ldw4	James Richard \"Jim\" Steinman is an American composer, lyricist, and Grammy Award-winning record producer responsible for many hit songs. He has also worked as an arranger, pianist, and singer. His work has included songs in the adult contemporary, rock and roll, dance, pop, musical theater, and film score genres. Beginning his career in musical theater, Steinman's most notable work in the area includes lyrics for Whistle Down the Wind and music for Tanz der Vampire.\nHis work includes such albums as Meat Loaf's Bat out of Hell and Bat Out of Hell II: Back Into Hell, and producing albums for Bonnie Tyler. His most successful chart singles include Bonnie Tyler's \"Total Eclipse of the Heart\", Air Supply's \"Making Love Out of Nothing at All\", Meat Loaf's \"I'd Do Anything for Love\", The Sisters of Mercy's \"This Corrosion\" and \"More\", Barry Manilow's \"Read 'Em and Weep\", Celine Dion's cover of \"It's All Coming Back to Me Now\" and Boyzone's \"No Matter What\". The album Bad for Good was released in his own name in 1981.
/m/0889d	Yerevan is the capital and largest city of Armenia and one of the world's oldest continuously inhabited cities. Situated along the Hrazdan River, Yerevan is the administrative, cultural, and industrial center of the country. It has been the capital since 1918, the thirteenth in the history of Armenia.\nThe history of Yerevan dates back to the 8th century BC, with the founding of the fortress of Erebuni in 782 BC by king Argishti I at the western extreme of the Ararat plain. Erebuni was \"designed as a great administrative and religious centre, a fully royal capital.\" After World War I, Yerevan became the capital of the First Republic of Armenia as thousands of survivors of the Armenian Genocide settled in the area. The city expanded rapidly during the 20th century as Armenia became part of the Soviet Union. In a few decades, Yerevan was transformed from a provincial town within the Russian Empire, to Armenia's principal cultural, artistic, and industrial center, as well as becoming the seat of national government.\nWith the growth of the economy of the country, Yerevan has been undergoing major transformation as many parts of the city have been the recipient of new construction since the early 2000s, and retail outlets such as restaurants, shops, and street cafes, which were rare during Soviet times, have multiplied.
/m/0534v	Hayao Miyazaki is a Japanese film director, animator, manga artist, illustrator, producer, and screenwriter. Through a career that has spanned six decades, Miyazaki has attained international acclaim as a maker of anime feature films and, along with Isao Takahata, co-founded Studio Ghibli, a film and animation studio. The success of Miyazaki's films has invited comparisons with American animator Walt Disney, British animator Nick Park, and American director Steven Spielberg.\nBorn in Bunkyō, Tokyo, Miyazaki began his animation career in 1963, when he joined Toei Animation. From there, Miyazaki worked as an in-between artist for Gulliver's Travels Beyond the Moon where he pitched his own ideas that eventually became the movie's ending. He continued to work in various roles in the animation industry over the decade until he was able to direct his first feature film Lupin III: The Castle of Cagliostro which was released in 1979. After the success of his next film, Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind, he co-founded Studio Ghibli, where he continued to produce many feature films besides during a 'temporary retirement' in 1997 following Princess Mononoke.
/m/0b_6h7	The 1980 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament involved 48 schools playing in single-elimination play to determine the national champion of men's NCAA Division I college basketball. It began on March 6, 1980, and ended with the championship game on March 24 in Indianapolis, Indiana. A total of 48 games were played, including a national third place game.\nLouisville, coached by Denny Crum, won the national title with a 59-54 victory in the final game over UCLA, coached by Larry Brown. Darrell Griffith of Louisville was named the tournament's Most Outstanding Player.\nStructurally speaking, this was the first tournament of the modern era. For the first time:\n1. An unlimited number of at-large teams could come from any conference.\n2. The bracket was seeded to make each region as evenly competitive as possible.\n3. All teams were seeded solely based on the subjective judgment of the committee.\nIn the second year the tournament field was seeded, no number one seed reached the Final Four. This would not happen again until 2006 and also occurred in 2011.
/m/0ymbl	St Catherine's College is one of the constituent colleges of the University of Oxford in England. Its motto is Nova et Vetera, which translates as: \"the new and the old\".\nThe college was founded by the distinguished historian Alan Bullock, who went on to become the first Master of the College, and later Vice-Chancellor of Oxford University. As of 2006, the college had an estimated financial endowment of £53m.
/m/08xvpn	The Color Purple is a 1985 American period drama film directed by Steven Spielberg, based on the Pulitzer Prize-winning novel of the same name by Alice Walker. It was Spielberg's eighth film as a director, and was a change from the summer blockbusters for which he had become famous. The film starred Danny Glover, Desreta Jackson, Margaret Avery, Oprah Winfrey, Adolph Caesar, Rae Dawn Chong, and introduced Whoopi Goldberg as Celie Harris.\nFilmed in Anson and Union counties in North Carolina, the film tells the story of a young African American girl named Celie Harris and shows the problems African American women faced during the early 1900s, including poverty, racism, and sexism. Celie is transformed as she finds her self-worth through the help of two strong female companions.
/m/023n39	Crispin Hellion Glover is an American film actor, director, screenwriter, recording artist, publisher, and author. Glover is known for portraying eccentric people on screen such as George McFly in Back to the Future, Layne in River's Edge, unfriendly recluse Rubin Farr in Rubin and Ed, Andy Warhol in The Doors, the \"Thin Man\" in the big screen adaptation of Charlie's Angels and its sequel, Willard Stiles in the Willard remake, The Knave of Hearts in Alice in Wonderland, Phil in Hot Tub Time Machine, and as a Willy Wonka parody in Epic Movie. He is also the voice of Fifi in the Open Season franchise and most recently has appeared in the screen adaption of the Elmore Leonard novel \"Freaky Deaky\". Next he played a World War 1 era German speaking Clairvoyant in the Polish Language film \"Hiszpanka\" and an unwitting employee in service of Robert De Niro's Character in \"The Bag Man.\"\nIn the late 1980s, Glover started his company, Volcanic Eruptions, which publishes his books and also serves as the production company for Glover's films, What Is It? and It is Fine. Everything is Fine! Glover tours with his movies and is currently supervising the building of sets for his next productions at property he owns in the Czech Republic.
/m/0395lw	A bell is a simple sound-making device. The bell is a percussion instrument and an idiophone. Its form is usually a hollow, cup-shaped acoustic resonator, which vibrates upon being struck. The striking implement can be a tongue suspended within the bell, known as a clapper, a separate mallet or hammer, or in small bells a small loose sphere enclosed within the body of the bell.\nBells are usually made of cast metal, but small bells can also be made from ceramic or glass. Bells range in size from tiny dress accessories to church bells 5 metres tall, weighing many tons. Historically, bells were associated with religious rituals, and before mass communication were widely used to call communities together for both religious and secular events. Later bells were made to commemorate important events or people and have been associated with the concepts of peace and freedom. The study of bells is called campanology.\nA set of bells, hung in a circle for change ringing, is known as a ring of bells or peal of bells.\nA set 23 of bells spanning at least two octaves is a carillon.
/m/01y67v	Korean Broadcasting System is a South Korean radio and television network, founded in 1927. It is the biggest out of the four major South Korean television networks.
/m/026xxv_	The North Carolina Tar Heels men's basketball program is the intercollegiate men's basketball team of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. The Tar Heels have won five NCAA Tournament Championships and were retroactively named the national champions by the Helms Athletic Foundation for their undefeated season in 1924. North Carolina's five NCAA Tournament Championships are tied for third-most all-time. They have also won 17 Atlantic Coast Conference tournament titles and 29 Atlantic Coast Conference regular season titles. The program has produced many notable players who went on to play professionally, including Michael Jordan, and many assistant coaches who went on to become head coaches elsewhere.\nThe Tar Heels are currently #3 on the Division I all-time wins list. From the Tar Heels' first season in 1910–11 through the 2012–13 season, the Tar Heels have amassed a .737 all-time winning percentage, winning 2,090 games and losing 745 games in 103 seasons. The Tar Heels also have the most consecutive 20-win seasons, with 31 seasons from the 1970–71 season through the 2000–2001 season. On March 2, 2010, North Carolina became the second college basketball program to reach 2,000 wins in its history. The Tar Heels are one of only four Division I Men's Basketball programs to have ever achieved 2,000 victories. Kentucky, Kansas, and Duke are the other three. The Tar Heels have appeared in the NCAA finals nine times, have participated in a record 18 NCAA Final Fours, have made it into the NCAA tournament 44 times, and have amassed a total of 109 victories. North Carolina also won the National Invitation Tournament in 1971, has appeared in two NIT Finals, and has made five appearances in the NIT Tournament. Additionally, the team has been the number one seed in the NCAA Tournament 14 times, the latest being in 2012, has been ranked in the Top 25 in the AP Poll 808 weeks all time, has beaten #1 teams a record 12 times, have the most consecutive 20-win seasons with 31, and have the most consecutive top-3 ACC finishes with 37. North Carolina has ended the season ranked in the Top-25 of the AP Poll 43 times and in the Top-25 of the Coaches' Poll 44 times. Further, the Tar Heels have finished the season ranked #1 in the AP Poll 5 times and ranked #1 in Coaches' Poll 5 times. In 2008, the Tar Heels received the first unanimous preseason #1 ranking in the history of either the Coaches' Poll or the AP Poll. In 2012, ESPN ranked North Carolina #1 on its list of the 50 most successful programs of the past 50 years.
/m/0kwv2	Athletic Club, also commonly known as Athletic Bilbao, is a professional football club, based in Bilbao, Biscay, Spain.\nThey are known as Los Leones because their stadium was built near a church called San Mamés. Mammes was a semi-legendary early Christian thrown to the lions by the Romans. Mammes pacified the lions and was later made a saint.\nThe club has played in the Primera División of La Liga since its start in 1929. They have won the league on eight occasions. In the historical classification of La Liga, Athletic are in fourth place and one of only three clubs which have never been relegated from the Liga, the others being Real Madrid and Barcelona. The club also has a women's team, which has won four championships in the Primera División Femenina.\nThe club is known for its cantera policy of bringing young Basque players through the ranks, as well as recruiting top Basque players from other clubs. Athletic official policy is signing professional players native to or footballistically trained in the greater Basque Country, including Biscay, Gipuzkoa, Álava and Navarre; and Labourd, Soule and Lower Navarre. This has gained Athletic both admirers and critics. The club has been praised for promoting home grown players and club loyalty. Athletic is one of only four professional clubs in Spain in Primera División that is not a sports corporation; it is owned and operated by its club members.
/m/0jzgd	Voice over Internet Protocol is a methodology and group of technologies for the delivery of voice communications and multimedia sessions over Internet Protocol networks, such as the Internet. Other terms commonly associated with VoIP are IP telephony, Internet telephony, voice over broadband, broadband telephony, IP communications, and broadband phone service.\nThe term Internet telephony specifically refers to the provisioning of communications services over the public Internet, rather than via the public switched telephone network. The steps and principles involved in originating VoIP telephone calls are similar to traditional digital telephony and involve signaling, channel setup, digitization of the analog voice signals, and encoding. Instead of being transmitted over a circuit-switched network, however, the digital information is packetized, and transmission occurs as Internet Protocol packets over a packet-switched network. Such transmission entails careful considerations about resource management different from time-division multiplexing networks.\nEarly providers of voice over IP services offered business models and technical solutions that mirrored the architecture of the legacy telephone network. Second-generation providers, such as Skype, have built closed networks for private user bases, offering the benefit of free calls and convenience while potentially charging for access to other communication networks, such as the PSTN. This has limited the freedom of users to mix-and-match third-party hardware and software. Third-generation providers, such as Google Talk, have adopted the concept of federated VoIP—which is a departure from the architecture of the legacy networks. These solutions typically allow dynamic interconnection between users on any two domains on the Internet when a user wishes to place a call.
/m/09f5rr	Robert S. Wolff is an American bridge player and an original member of the Dallas Aces team, which was formed in 1968 to compete against the Italian Blue Team which was dominant at the time. The Aces were successful and won their first world championship in 1970. Wolff has won 11 world championships, over 30 national championships, and was the president of World Bridge Federation 1992–1994, and served as president of American Contract Bridge League 1987. He is the only individual to win world championships in five different categories. He is the author of a tell-all on bridge chronicling 60 years on the scene, entitled The Lone Wolff, published by Master Point Press. His column, The Aces on Bridge has been appearing daily for over 25 years, is syndicated by United Feature Syndicate in more than 130 newspapers worldwide and is available online 2 weeks in arrears.
/m/016ksk	Percy Robert Miller, better known by his stage name Master P or his business name P. Miller, is an American rapper, actor, entrepreneur, investor and producer. He is the founder of the popular label No Limit Records, which went bankrupt and was relaunched as New No Limit Records through Universal Records & Koch Records, followed by Guttar Music Entertainment, & currently now No Limit Forever Records. He is the founder and CEO of P. Miller Enterprises, an entertainment and financial conglomerate and Better Black Television.\nMiller gained fame in the late 1990s with the success of his group TRU and his fifth album Ice Cream Man, which contained his first single \"Mr. Ice Cream Man\". In 1997, after the success of one his biggest singles to date, \"Make 'Em Say Uhh!,\" went 2x platinum, Miller grew further in popularity. Then Miller released his second platinum album Ghetto D. Miller also starred in his own street film, mostly based on his life, I'm Bout It which was very successful.\nIn 1998, P. Miller released his most successful album to date MP Da Last Don. The album was also based on a film that Miller produced, which came out earlier that year with the same name. The album hit #1 on the Billboard Top 200 charts, selling over 400,000 copies in a week. The album was certified 4x platinum, with over four million copies sold, making it Miller's highest selling album. In 1999, Miller released his eighth album, Only God Can Judge Me. It was not as successful as his previous album, though it still managed to reach a gold certification. Miller also starred in the movie, I Got the Hook Up, with A.J. Johnson which was a huge success along with the soundtrack of the same name. On November 28, 2000, he released his ninth album, Ghetto Postage with found success selling 500,000 copies, but it did not compare to his earlier more successful releases.
/m/01dbxr	Laval is a Canadian city located in southwestern Quebec, north of Montreal. It forms its own administrative region of Quebec. It is the largest suburb of Montreal, the third largest municipality in the province of Quebec, and the thirteenth largest city in Canada with a population of 401,553 in 2011.\nLaval is geographically separated from the mainland to the north by the Rivière des Mille Îles, and from the Island of Montreal to the south by the Rivière des Prairies. Laval occupies all of Île Jésus as well as the Îles Laval.\nLaval constitutes region 13 of the 17 administrative regions of Quebec as well as a territory equivalent to a regional county municipality and census division with geographical code 65. It also constitutes the judicial district of Laval.
/m/0kc6	Andy Warhol was an American artist who was a leading figure in the visual art movement known as pop art. His works explore the relationship between artistic expression, celebrity culture and advertisement that flourished by the 1960s. After a successful career as a commercial illustrator, Warhol became a renowned and sometimes controversial artist. The Andy Warhol Museum in his native city, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, holds an extensive permanent collection of art and archives. It is the largest museum in the United States dedicated to a single artist.\nWarhol's art encompassed many forms of media, including hand drawing, painting, printmaking, photography, silk screening, sculpture, film, and music. He was also a pioneer in computer-generated art using Amiga computers that were introduced in 1984, two years before his death. He founded Interview Magazine and was the author of numerous books, including The Philosophy of Andy Warhol and Popism: The Warhol Sixties. He is also notable as a gay man who lived openly as such before the gay liberation movement. His studio, The Factory, was a famous gathering place that brought together distinguished intellectuals, drag queens, playwrights, Bohemian street people, Hollywood celebrities, and wealthy patrons.
/m/0f4k49	And Starring Pancho Villa as Himself is a 2003 television film for HBO in partnership with City Entertainment and starring Antonio Banderas as Pancho Villa, directed by Bruce Beresford, written by Larry Gelbart and produced by Joshua D. Maurer, Mark Gordon, and Larry Gelbart. The cast also included Alan Arkin, Jim Broadbent, Michael McKean, Eion Bailey, and Alexa Davalos.\nMaurer, who originally conceived the story and did extensive research, sold the project to HBO and then brought on Gordon and hired Gelbart to write and collaborate on the screenplay. At the time of production, this was the most expensive 2-hour television/cable movie ever made, with a budget of over $30 million. The movie was shot almost entirely on location in and around San Miguel de Allende, Mexico.\nThe film concerns the filming of The Life of General Villa and is seen through the eyes of Frank N. Thayer, a studio boss's nephew who gets a career boost when he is placed in charge of the project. The resulting film became the first feature length movie, introducing scores of Americans to the true horrors of war that they had never personally seen. Thayer sold the studios on making the film despite their concerns that no one would sit through a movie longer than 1 hour, by convincing them that they could raise the price of movies to ten cents, doubling the going price at that time. The actual contract that Pancho Villa signed with Frank N. Thayer and the Mutual Film Company on January 5, 1914 to film the Battle of Ojinaga still exists and is in a museum in Mexico City. The original film has been lost, but some unedited film reels of the battle, showing Pancho Villa and his army fighting Federal forces, as well as photographs and publicity stills taken from the original film still exist.
/m/09xx0m	Melvin Frank was an American screenwriter, film producer and film director. He collaborated with a former schoolfriend, Norman Panama to form a writing partnership which endured for 3 decades. He is the father of literary critic Elizabeth Frank
/m/019l68	Shelley Winters was an American actress who appeared in dozens of films, as well as on stage and television; her career spanned over 50 years until her death in 2006. Winters won Academy Awards for The Diary of Anne Frank and A Patch of Blue, and is also remembered for her roles in A Place in the Sun, The Big Knife, Lolita, The Night of the Hunter, Alfie, and The Poseidon Adventure.
/m/0vjs6	A detective is an investigator, either a member of a law enforcement agency or a private person. The latter may be known as private investigators or \"private eyes\". Informally, and primarily in fiction, a detective is any licensed or unlicensed person who solves crimes, including historical crimes, or looks into records.
/m/09v3jyg	Winnie the Pooh is a 2011 American animated musical fantasy-comedy film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures. It is the 51st animated feature in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series. Inspired by A. A. Milne's stories of the same name, the film is part of Disney's Winnie the Pooh franchise, the fifth theatrical Winnie the Pooh film released, and Walt Disney Animation Studios' second adaptation of Winnie-the-Pooh stories. Jim Cummings reprises his vocal roles as Winnie the Pooh and Tigger, while series newcomers Travis Oates, Tom Kenny, Craig Ferguson, Bud Luckey, and Kristen Anderson-Lopez provide the voices of Piglet, Rabbit, Owl, Eeyore, and Kanga, respectively. In the film, the aforementioned residents of the Hundred Acre Wood embark on a quest to save Christopher Robin from an imaginary culprit while Pooh deals with a hunger for honey. The film is directed by Stephen Anderson and Don Hall, written by A. A. Milne and Burny Mattinson, produced by Peter Del Vecho, Clark Spencer, John Lasseter, and Craig Sost, and narrated by John Cleese.\nThe film was released on April 15, 2011 in the United Kingdom, and on July 15, 2011 in the United States. The film was originally planned to be released theatrically in Australia, but after a very brief run in limited cinemas in September 2011, it was instead released direct-to-video on October 5, 2011. Production for the film began in September 2009 with John Lasseter announcing that they wanted to create a film that would \"transcend generations.\" The film also features six songs by Kristen Anderson-Lopez and Robert Lopez, as well as a rendition of the Sherman Brothers' \"Winnie the Pooh\" theme song by actress and musician Zooey Deschanel.
/m/04wmvz	The Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim are a professional baseball team based in Anaheim, California, United States. The Angels are a member of the West Division of Major League Baseball's American League. The \"Angels\" name is a tribute to the previous Los Angeles Angels who played in South Central Los Angeles from 1903 to 1957. The Angels have been based in Angel Stadium of Anaheim since 1966. The Angels franchise of today was established in the MLB in 1961 through Gene Autry, the team’s first Major League owner who bought the rights to continue the franchise name from Walter O'Malley, the former Los Angeles Dodgers owner who acquired the franchise from Phil Wrigley, the owner of the Chicago Cubs at the time.\nIn 2009, the Angels were AL Western Division champions for the third straight season. 2013 is the fourth straight year in which the team has not made the playoffs, but marks the eleventh straight year in which the Angels franchise has drawn more than three million fans in attendance, and makes thirty seasons of at least two million fans in attendance, a feat only second to the New York Yankees. In 2011, ESPN ranked the Los Angeles Angels #4 on its list of Ultimate Team Rankings ahead of every team in baseball and any franchise in Los Angeles.
/m/021mlp	John Carradine was an American actor, best known for his roles in horror films and Westerns as well as Shakespearean theatre. A member of Cecil B. DeMille's stock company and later John Ford's company, he was one of the most prolific character actors in Hollywood history. He was married several times, had several children and was the patriarch of the Carradine family, including four of his sons and four of his grandchildren who are or were also actors.
/m/05f4_n0	Kick-Ass is a 2010 British-American superhero action comedy film based on the comic book of the same name by Mark Millar and John Romita, Jr. The film was directed by Matthew Vaughn, who co-produced with Brad Pitt and co-wrote the screenplay with Jane Goldman. Its general release was on 25 March 2010 in the United Kingdom and on 16 April 2010 in the United States. It is the first installment of the Kick-Ass film series.\nIt tells the story of an ordinary teenager, Dave Lizewski, who sets out to become a real-life superhero, calling himself \"Kick-Ass\". Dave gets caught up in a bigger fight when he meets Big Daddy, a former cop who, in his quest to bring down the crime boss Frank D'Amico and his son, has trained his eleven-year-old daughter to be the ruthless vigilante Hit-Girl.\nDespite having generated some controversy for its profanity and violence performed by a child, Kick-Ass was well received by both critics and audiences. The film has gained a strong cult following since its release on DVD and Blu-ray. A sequel titled Kick-Ass 2 written and directed by Jeff Wadlow was released in August 2013, with Taylor-Johnson, Mintz-Plasse, and Moretz reprising their roles.
/m/0bkq7	Gentleman's Agreement is a 1947 drama film about a journalist who goes undercover as a Jew to conduct research for an exposé on antisemitism in New York City and the affluent community of Darien, Connecticut. It was nominated for eight Oscars and won three: Best Picture, Best Supporting Actress, and Best Director.\nThe movie was controversial in its time, as was a similar film on the same subject, Crossfire, which was released the same year Gentleman's Agreement was based on Laura Z. Hobson's 1947 novel of the same name.\nIt was released on DVD as part of the 20th Century Fox Studio Classics collection.
/m/0c0xr	A symphony is an extended musical composition in Western classical music, generally scored for orchestra or concert band. A symphony usually contains at least one movement or episode composed according to the sonata principle. Many symphonies are tonal works in four movements with the first in sonata form, which is often described by music theorists as the structure of a \"classical\" symphony, although many symphonies by the acknowledged classical masters of the form, Joseph Haydn, Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, and Ludwig van Beethoven do not conform to this model.
/m/01fjz9	Motherwell Football Club are a Scottish professional football club based in Motherwell, North Lanarkshire. The club compete in the Scottish Premiership. Motherwell have not dropped out of the top-flight of Scottish football since 1984, but have only lifted one trophy in that time – the Scottish Cup in 1991.\nClad in the traditional claret and amber, Motherwell play their home matches at Fir Park Stadium and have done since 1896. The club's main rivals over the years have been Hamilton Academical and Airdrieonians, due in part to their close geographical proximities. This is known as the Lanarkshire derby. Hamilton were in the top flight from 2008 to 2011, and were Motherwell's regular derby opponents.\nThe club have won five major trophies in domestic football; the Scottish League Title in 1931-32, the Scottish Cup in 1951-52 and 1990-91, the Scottish League Cup in 1950-51 and the Summer Cup in 1964-65.
/m/0nm6k	Penobscot County is a county located in the U.S. state of Maine. For U.S. Census statistical purposes, it is part of the Bangor, Maine, New England County Metropolitan Area . As of the 2010 census, the population was 153,923. Its county seat is Bangor.\nPenobscot County was established on 15 February 1816 from a portion of Hancock County.
/m/0hkt6	Ancient Greece was a Greek civilization belonging to a period of Greek history that lasted from the Archaic period of the 8th to 6th centuries BC to the end of antiquity. Immediately following this period was the beginning of the Early Middle Ages and the Byzantine era. Included in ancient Greece is the period of Classical Greece, which flourished during the 5th to 4th centuries BC. Classical Greece began with the repelling of a Persian invasion by Athenian leadership. Because of conquests by Alexander the Great, Hellenistic civilization flourished from Central Asia to the western end of the Mediterranean Sea.\nClassical Greek culture, especially philosophy, had a powerful influence on the Roman Empire, which carried a version of it to many parts of the Mediterranean region and Europe, for which reason Classical Greece is generally considered to be the seminal culture which provided the foundation of modern Western culture.
/m/01zfmm	Matthew Jay Roach is an American film director, producer and screenwriter, best known for directing the Austin Powers films and Meet the Parents.
/m/02q7yfq	Machete is a 2010 American action comedy film written, produced and directed by Robert Rodriguez and also directed by Ethan Maniquis. This film is an expansion of a fake trailer that was included in Rodriguez's and Quentin Tarantino's 2007 Grindhouse double-feature. Machete continues the B movie and exploitation style of Grindhouse, and includes some of the footage. Danny Trejo stars in his first lead role as the title character.\nThe film also co-stars Robert De Niro, Jessica Alba, Don Johnson, Michelle Rodriguez, Steven Seagal, Lindsay Lohan, Cheech Marin and Jeff Fahey. This was Steven Seagal's first theatrical release film in eight years since his starring role in 2002's Half Past Dead. Machete was released in the United States by 20th Century Fox and Rodriguez's company, Troublemaker Studios, on September 3, 2010. A sequel -- Machete Kills—was released on October 11, 2013.
/m/01hkg9	Arthur Q. Bryan was an American comedian and voice actor, remembered best for his longtime recurring role as well-spoken, wisecracking Dr. Gamble on the radio comedy Fibber McGee and Molly and for creating the voice of the Warner Brothers cartoon character Elmer Fudd.
/m/0350l7	Alexandra Elizabeth \"Alex\" Kingston is an English actress. She is most widely known for her roles as Dr. Elizabeth Corday on the NBC medical drama ER and as River Song in the BBC science fiction series Doctor Who.
/m/01mvpv	Lewis Cass was an American military officer and politician. During his long political career, Cass served as a governor of the Michigan Territory, an American ambassador, a U.S. Senator representing Michigan, and co-founder as well as first Masonic Grand Master of the Grand Lodge of Michigan. He was the losing nominee of the Democratic Party for president in 1848. Cass was nationally famous as a leading spokesman for the controversial Doctrine of Popular Sovereignty, which would have allowed voters in the territories to determine whether to make slavery legal instead of having Congress decide.
/m/01_3rn	In the War of the Sixth Coalition, a coalition of Austria, Prussia, Russia, the United Kingdom, Portugal, Sweden, Spain and a number of German States finally defeated France and drove Napoleon into exile on Elba. After the disastrous French invasion of Russia, the continental powers joined Russia, the UK, Portugal and the rebels in Spain. With their armies reorganized, they drove Napoleon out of Germany in 1813 and invaded France in 1814, forcing Napoleon to abdicate and restoring the Bourbons.\nThe War of the Sixth Coalition included the battles of Lützen, Bautzen, Dresden and the epic Battle of Leipzig, which was the largest battle in European history before the First World War. Ultimately, Napoleon's earlier setbacks in Russia and Germany proved to be the seeds of his undoing, and the Allies occupied Paris, forcing his abdication.
/m/016ks5	Mona Lisa is a 1986 British neo-noir mystery drama about an ex-convict who becomes entangled in the dangerous life of a high-class call girl. The movie was written by Neil Jordan and David Leland, and directed by Jordan. It was produced by George Harrison's HandMade Films and stars Bob Hoskins, Cathy Tyson and Michael Caine.\nThe film was nominated for multiple awards, and Bob Hoskins won several Best Actor awards for his performance in the film. Notably, Hoskins received an Academy Award nomination for Best Actor as well as winning the BAFTA Film Award for Best Actor.
/m/02nczh	Boys Don't Cry is a 1999 American independent romantic drama film directed by Kimberly Peirce and co-written by Andy Bienen. The film is a dramatization of the real-life story of Brandon Teena, a trans man played in the film by Hilary Swank, who is beaten, raped and murdered by his male acquaintances after they discover he is anatomically female. The picture explores the themes of freedom, courage, identity and empowerment. The film was distributed by Fox Searchlight Pictures and was released theatrically in October 1999.\nAfter reading about the murder of Brandon Teena while in college, Peirce intently researched the case—as well as Teena's life—and worked on a screenplay for the film for almost five years. All She Wanted, the 1993 book about the case written by Aphrodite Jones, inspired Peirce, but she chose to focus the story on the relationship between Teena and his girlfriend Lana Tisdel. Many actors campaigned for the lead over the course of three years; a then unknown Swank was cast because her personality seemed similar to Teena's. The film also stars Chloë Sevigny, Peter Sarsgaard, Brendan Sexton III, Alicia Goranson, Jeanetta Arnette, and Matt McGrath. The majority of characters were based on real-life people, while some were composites. Shooting lasted from October until November 1998 and filming took place in the area of Dallas, Texas.
/m/02l3gf	Victorian in this sense refers to a period in the mid-to-late 19th century that features a series of architectural revival styles. The name \"Victorian\" refers to the reign of Queen Victoria, during which period the styles known as Victorian were used in construction. However, many elements of what is typically termed \"Victorian\" architecture did not become popular until later in Victoria's reign. The styles often included interpretations and eclectic revivals of historic styles mixed with the introduction of middle east and Asian influences. The name represents the British and French custom of naming architectural styles for a reigning monarch. Within this naming and classification scheme, it follows Georgian architecture and later Regency architecture, and was succeeded by Edwardian architecture.
/m/01_f90	The John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University is a public policy and public administration school, and one of Harvard's graduate and professional schools. It offers master's degrees in public policy, public administration, and international development, grants several doctoral degrees, administers executive programs for senior government officials, and conducts research in subjects relating to politics, government, international affairs, and economics.\nThe School's primary campus is located off of John F. Kennedy Street in Cambridge, Massachusetts, United States. The main buildings overlook the Charles River, southwest of Harvard Yard and Harvard Square, on the site of a former MBTA Red Line trainyard. The School is adjacent to the public riverfront John F. Kennedy Memorial Park.\nSince 2004, the School's Dean has been David Ellwood, who is also the Scott M. Black Professor of Political Economy at HKS. Previously, Ellwood was an assistant secretary in the Department of Health and Human Services in the Clinton Administration.
/m/09hz7t	The 12th IAAF World Championships in Athletics were held in Berlin, Germany from 15–23 August 2009. The majority of events took place in the Olympiastadion, while the marathon and racewalking events started and finished at the Brandenburg Gate.
/m/0ymb6	St Edmund Hall is a constituent college of the University of Oxford in England. The college has a claim to be \"the oldest academical society for the education of undergraduates in any university\".\nThe college is located just off Queen's Lane, near the High Street, in central Oxford and has a reputation for being a friendly college with a wide range of extra-curricular strengths in areas such as creative writing, drama, sport and music.
/m/027_tg	FX is an American basic cable and satellite television channel that is owned by the Fox Entertainment Group division of 21st Century Fox. In addition to the flagship U.S. network, the \"FX\" name is licensed to a number of related pay television channels outside of the United States. FX's programming primarily features original series, theatrically released feature films and acquired television programs originally seen on network television.\nAs of August 2013, approximately 97,157,000 American households receive FX.
/m/021l5s	Indiana State University is a public university located in Terre Haute, Indiana, United States.\nThe Princeton Review has named Indiana State as one of the \"Best in the Midwest\" eight years running, and the College of Education's Graduate Program was recently named as a 'Top 100' by U.S. News & World Report while the graduate program in nursing was recognized as among the \"Top 75' in the nation by U.S. News. The magazine currently classifies Indiana State University as a tier 2 national university. The current Carnegie classification for ISU is Doctoral/Research University. Forbes lists Indiana State University among the nations's top universities. Washington Monthly ranks Indiana State University #25 overall among national universities, #1 in community service by students, and #2 in service learning. The ISU School of Music ranks in the top 20% of all music schools nationally and top 16% nationally for music performance. Princeton Review has selected Indiana State University as one of the 322 most environmentally responsible \"Green\" colleges in the U.S. and Canada. Both the Princeton Review and US News recognize the ISU Scott College of Business as one of the top business schools in the nation. Also, ISU is a consistent member of the U.S. President's Higher Education Community Service Honor Roll and has been named the nation's Non-profit Leadership Campus of the Year.
/m/0bp_b2	This is a list of winners of the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actor in a Drama Series, and Outstanding Guest Supporting Actor.
/m/01d8l	Bohemia is a historical country of Central Europe, occupying the western two-thirds of the traditional Czech lands. It is located in the contemporary Czech Republic with its capital in Prague. In a broader meaning, it often refers to the entire Czech territory, including Moravia and Czech Silesia, especially in historical contexts, such as the Kingdom of Bohemia. Bohemia was a kingdom in the Holy Roman Empire and subsequently a province in the Habsburgs’ Austrian Empire. It was bounded on the south by Upper and Lower Austria, on the west by Bavaria, on the north by Saxony and Lusatia, on the northeast by Silesia, and on the east by Moravia. From 1918 to 1939 and from 1945 to 1992 it was part of Czechoslovakia, and since 1993 it has formed much of the Czech Republic.\nBohemia has an area of 52,065 km² and today is home to approximately 6 million of the Czech Republic's 10.3 million inhabitants. It is bordered by Germany to the west, Poland to the northeast, the historical region of Moravia to the east, and Austria to the south. Bohemia's borders are marked with mountain ranges such as the Bohemian Forest, the Ore Mountains, and the Krkonoše, the highest within the Sudeten mountain range.
/m/01fkxr	Margaret LeAnn Rimes Cibrian, known professionally as LeAnn Rimes, is an American country and pop singer. Known for her rich vocals, Rimes rose to stardom at age 13 following the release of the Bill Mack song \"Blue\", becoming the youngest country music star since Tanya Tucker in 1972.\nRimes made her breakthrough into country music in 1996 with her debut album, Blue, which reached number one on the Top Country Albums chart and was certified multiplatinum in sales by the Recording Industry Association of America. The album's eponymous leadoff single, \"Blue\", became a Top 10 hit and Rimes gained national acclaim for her similarity to Patsy Cline's vocal style. When she released her sophomore studio effort in 1997, You Light Up My Life: Inspirational Songs, she moved towards country pop material, which set the trend for a string of albums released into the next decade.\nRimes has won many awards, including two Grammys, three ACMs, a CMA, 12 Billboard Music Awards, and one American Music award. She has released ten studio albums and three compilation albums and two greatest hits albums, one released in the US and the other released internationally, through her record label of 13 years, Asylum-Curb, and placed over 40 singles on American and international charts since 1996. She has sold over 37 million records worldwide, with 20.3 million album sales in the United States according to Nielsen SoundScan. Billboard ranked her 17th artist of the 1990-00 decade. Rimes has also written four books: two novels and two children's books.
/m/02w3w	A fiddle is any bowed string musical instrument, most often the violin. It is also a colloquial term for the instrument used by players in all genres, including classical music. Fiddle playing, or fiddling, refers to various styles of music.\nCommon distinctions between violins and fiddles reflect the differences in the instruments used to play folk and classical music. However, it is not uncommon for classically trained violinists to play folk music, and today many fiddle players have classical training. Many traditional styles are aural traditions, so are taught 'by ear' rather than with written music.
/m/0m32h	One of the most common malignant tumors afflicting men.  The majority of carcinomas arise in the peripheral zone and a minority occur in the central or the transitional zone of the prostate gland.  Grossly, prostatic carcinomas appear as ill-defined yellow areas of discoloration in the prostate gland lobes.  Adenocarcinomas represent the overwhelming majority of prostatic carcinomas.  Prostatic-specific antigen (PSA) serum test is widely used as a screening test for the early detection of prostatic carcinoma.  Treatment options include radical prostatectomy, radiation therapy, androgen ablation and cryotherapy.  Watchful waiting or surveillance alone is an option for older patients with low-grade or low-stage disease.  -- 2002
/m/01c6k4	Avid Technology, Inc. is an American company specializing in video and audio production technology; specifically, digital non-linear editing systems, management and distribution services. It was created in 1987 and became a publicly traded company in 1993. Avid is headquartered in Burlington, Massachusetts.\nAvid products are now used in the television and video industry to create television shows, feature films, and commercials. Media Composer, a professional software-based non-linear editing system, is Avid's flagship product.
/m/09r8l	Waylon Arnold Jennings was an American country music singer, songwriter, and musician. Jennings began playing guitar at 8 and began performing at 12 on KVOW radio. He formed a band, The Texas Longhorns. Jennings worked as a D.J. on KVOW, KDAV, KYTI, and KLLL. In 1958, Buddy Holly arranged Jennings's first recording session, of “Jole Blon” and “When Sin Stops.” Holly hired him to play bass. During the “Winter Dance Party Tour,” in Clear Lake, Iowa, Holly chartered a plane to arrive at the next venue. Jennings gave up his seat in the plane to J. P. Richardson, who was suffering from a cold. The flight that carried Holly, Richardson, and Ritchie Valens crashed, on the day later known as The Day the Music Died. Following the accident, Jennings worked as a D.J. in Coolidge, Arizona, and Phoenix. He formed a rockabilly club band, The Waylors. He recorded for independent label Trend Records, A&M Records before succeeding with RCA Victor after achieving creative control of his records.\nDuring the 1970s, Jennings joined the Outlaw movement. He released critically acclaimed albums Lonesome, On'ry and Mean and Honky Tonk Heroes, followed by hit albums Dreaming My Dreams and Are You Ready for the Country. In 1976 he released the album Wanted! The Outlaws with Willie Nelson, Tompall Glaser, and Jessi Colter, the first platinum country music album. The success of the album was followed by Ol' Waylon, and the hit song “Luckenbach, Texas.” By the early 1980s, Jennings was struggling with a cocaine addiction, which he quit in 1984. Later he joined the country supergroup The Highwaymen with Nelson, Kris Kristofferson, and Johnny Cash. During that period, Jennings released the successful album Will the Wolf Survive. He toured less after 1997, to spend more time with his family. Between 1999 and 2001, his appearances were limited by health problems. On February 13, 2002, Jennings died from complications of diabetes.
/m/03fn5s	FC BATE Borisov is a Belarusian football team playing in the city of Borisov. They compete in the Belarusian Premier League and are the reigning champions. BATE are the only Belarusian team to have qualified for the group stage of the UEFA Champions League and for the group stage of the UEFA Europa League. Their home stadium is the Borisov City Stadium and the Dynamo Minsk Stadium. In 2011 construction of a new stadium in Borisov began, and is expected to be finished in 2013.
/m/01t6b4	Jerry Bruckheimer is a film and television producer.
/m/0m63c	The Lion King is a 1994 American animated epic musical comedy-drama film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures. It is the 32nd animated feature in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series. The story takes place in a kingdom of lions in Africa, and was influenced by the biblical tales of Joseph and Moses and the Shakespeare play Hamlet. The film was produced during a period known as the Disney Renaissance. The Lion King was directed by Roger Allers and Rob Minkoff, produced by Don Hahn, and has a screenplay credited to Irene Mecchi, Jonathan Roberts and Linda Woolverton. The film features a large ensemble voice cast led by Matthew Broderick, Jeremy Irons, James Earl Jones, Jonathan Taylor Thomas and Moira Kelly. It tells the story of Simba, a young lion who is to succeed his father, Mufasa, as king; however, after Simba's uncle Scar murders Mufasa, Simba is fooled into thinking he was responsible and flees into exile in shame and despair. Upon maturation living with two wastrels, Simba is given some valuable perspective from his friend, Nala, and his shaman, Rafiki, before returning to challenge Scar to end his tyranny.\nDevelopment of The Lion King began in 1988 during a meeting between Jeffrey Katzenberg, Roy E. Disney and Peter Schneider while promoting Oliver & Company in Europe. Thomas Disch wrote a film treatment, and Woolverton developed the first scripts while George Scribner was signed on as director, being later joined by Allers. Production began in 1991, with most of the animators inexperienced or uninterested in animals as most of the Disney team wanted to work on Pocahontas instead. Some time after the staff traveled to Hell's Gate National Park to research on the film's setting and animals, Scribner left production disagreeing with the decision to turn the film into a musical, and was replaced by Minkoff. When Hahn joined the project, he was dissatisfied with the script and the story was promptly rewritten. Nearly 20 minutes of animation sequences took place at Disney-MGM Studios in Florida. Computer animation was also used in several scenes, most notably in the wildebeest stampede scene.
/m/033pf1	Casper is a 1995 American family comedy fantasy film starring Christina Ricci and Bill Pullman, based on the Casper the Friendly Ghost animated cartoons and comic books. The ghosts featured in the film were created through computer-generated imagery.
/m/01cwdk	Newcastle University is a public research university located in Newcastle upon Tyne in the North-East of England. The University can trace its origins to a School of Medicine and Surgery, established in 1834, and to the College of Physical Sciences, founded in 1871. These two colleges came to form one division of the federal University of Durham, with the Durham Colleges forming the other. The Newcastle colleges merged to form King's College in 1937. In 1963, following an Act of Parliament, King's College became the University of Newcastle upon Tyne, and latterly, Newcastle University.\nNewcastle University can be described as a red brick university and is a member of the elite Russell Group, an association of research-intensive UK universities.The university has one of the largest EU research portfolios in the UK. As one of the UK's leading universities, Newcastle attracts over 20,000 students from more than 120 different countries. Teaching and research are delivered in 24 academic schools and 40 research institutes and research centres, spread across three Faculties: the Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences; the Faculty of Medical Sciences; and the Faculty of Science, Agriculture and Engineering. The university offers around 175 full-time undergraduate degree programmes in a wide range of subject areas spanning arts, sciences, engineering and medicine, together with approximately 340 postgraduate taught and research programmes across a range of disciplines.
/m/03s7h	Intel Corporation is an American multinational semiconductor chip maker corporation headquartered in Santa Clara, California. Intel is one of the world's largest and highest valued semiconductor chip makers, based on revenue. It is the inventor of the x86 series of microprocessors, the processors found in most personal computers.\nIntel Corporation, founded on July 18, 1968, is a portmanteau of Integrated Electronics. Intel also makes motherboard chipsets, network interface controllers and integrated circuits, flash memory, graphic chips, embedded processors and other devices related to communications and computing. Founded by semiconductor pioneers Robert Noyce and Gordon Moore and widely associated with the executive leadership and vision of Andrew Grove, Intel combines advanced chip design capability with a leading-edge manufacturing capability. Though Intel was originally known primarily to engineers and technologists, its \"Intel Inside\" advertising campaign of the 1990s made it a household name, along with its Pentium processors.\nIntel was an early developer of SRAM and DRAM memory chips, and this represented the majority of its business until 1981. Although Intel created the world's first commercial microprocessor chip in 1971, it was not until the success of the personal computer that this became its primary business. During the 1990s, Intel invested heavily in new microprocessor designs fostering the rapid growth of the computer industry. During this period Intel became the dominant supplier of microprocessors for PCs, and was known for aggressive and sometimes illegal tactics in defense of its market position, particularly against Advanced Micro Devices, as well as a struggle with Microsoft for control over the direction of the PC industry.
/m/0nh0f	Stearns County is a county located in the U.S. state of Minnesota, founded in 1855. As of the 2010 census, the population was 150,642. Its county seat is Saint Cloud. It was named after Charles Thomas Stearns, a local politician.\nStearns County is part of the Saint Cloud Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/02vnpv	The Decemberists are an indie folk rock band from Portland, Oregon, United States, fronted by singer/songwriter/guitarist Colin Meloy. The other members of the band are Chris Funk, Jenny Conlee, Nate Query, and John Moen.\nThe band's debut EP, 5 Songs, was self-released in 2001. Their sixth full-length album, The King Is Dead, was released on 14 January 2011, by Capitol Records. It was the band's third record with the label.\nIn addition to their lyrics, which often focus on historical incidents and/or folklore, The Decemberists are also well known for their eclectic live shows. Audience participation is often a part of each performance, typically during encores. The band stages whimsical reenactments of sea battles and other centuries-old events, typically of regional interest, or acts out songs with members of the crowd.\nIn 2011, the track \"Down By the Water\" from the album The King is Dead was nominated for Best Rock Song at the 54th Grammy Awards.
/m/04mrgz	Melbourne Victory F.C. is a professional soccer club based in Melbourne, Victoria. It competes in the country's premier competition, the A-League. Victory entered the competition in the inaugural season as the only Victorian-based club in the newly revamped domestic Australian league. The club has won two A-League Championships, two A-League Premierships and has competed in the AFC Champions League on three occasions.\nThe club plays matches at both multi-use venues Melbourne Rectangular Stadium and Docklands Stadium with seated capacities of 30,050 and 56,347 respectively. The venues are located at the Sports and Entertainment Precinct, in the Melbourne's City Centre. A youth team competes in the National Youth League. A women's team competes in the W-League. The youth and women matches are played at various locations across Melbourne, including Lakeside Stadium, Kingston Heath Soccer Complex as well as Melbourne Rectangular Stadium.
/m/0g7pm	Kiel is the capital and most populous city in the northern German state of Schleswig-Holstein, with a population of 242,041.\nKiel lies approximately 90 kilometres north of Hamburg. Due to its geographic location in the north of Germany, the southeast of the Jutland peninsula, and the southwestern shore of the Baltic Sea, Kiel has become one of the major maritime centres of Germany. For instance, the city is known for a variety of international sailing events, including the annual Kiel Week, which is the biggest sailing event in the world. The Olympic sailing competitions of the 1936 and the 1972 Summer Olympics were held in Kiel.\nKiel has also been one of the traditional homes of the German Navy's Baltic fleet, and continues to be a major high-tech shipbuilding centre. Located in Kiel is the Leibniz Institute of Marine Sciences at the University of Kiel. Kiel is an important sea transport hub, thanks to its location at the Kiel Fjord and the busiest artificial waterway in the world, Kiel Canal. A number of passenger ferries to Sweden, Norway, Russia, and other countries operate from here. Moreover, today Kiel harbour is an important port of call for cruise ships touring the Baltic Sea.
/m/0bx_q	Brooke Shields is an American actress, model and former child star. Shields, initially a child model, gained critical acclaim for her leading role in Louis Malle's controversial film Pretty Baby, in which she played a child prostitute in New Orleans at the turn of the 20th century. The role garnered Shields widespread notoriety, and she continued to model into her late teenage years and starred in several dramas in the 1980s, including The Blue Lagoon, and Franco Zeffirelli's Endless Love.\nIn 1983, Shields abandoned her career as a model to attend Princeton University, where she graduated with a bachelor's degree in French literature. In the 1990s, Shields returned to acting, appearing in minor roles in films, and starred in the titular role of the sitcom Suddenly Susan, which ran for four seasons between 1996 and 2000. Most recently, Shields has made appearances in other television shows, including That '70s Show and Lipstick Jungle.
/m/0bxy67	Boman Irani; born 2 December 1959 is an Indian film and theatre actor, voice artist and photographer. He is widely known for his comedic and villain roles in Bollywood movies.
/m/03cvwkr	Tough Guys Don't Dance is a 1987 crime mystery comedy-drama film written and directed by Norman Mailer based on his novel of the same name. It is a murder mystery/film noir piece that was scorned by audiences and critics alike. It was screened out of competition at the 1987 Cannes Film Festival.\nThe script had revisions done by Chinatown and Last Woman on Earth scribe/script doctor Robert Towne. The title comes from an anecdote told to Norman Mailer by a prizefighter named Roger Donahue: Frank Costello, the Murder Inc. honcho, and his gorgeous girlfriend greet three champion boxers in the Stork Club. Costello demands that each, in turn, dance with the woman, and each nervously complies. The last, Willie Pep, suggests that Mr. Costello dance. Costello replied, \"Tough guys don't dance.\"
/m/0yyh	Andhra Pradesh abbreviated A.P., is one of the 28 states of India, situated on the country's southeastern coast. It is India's fourth-largest state by area and fifth-largest by population. Its capital and largest city is Hyderabad. Andhra Pradesh was bordered by Maharashtra, Chhattisgarh and Odisha in the north, the Bay of Bengal in the east, Tamil Nadu to the south and Karnataka to the west.\nAccording to the Planning Commission of India, in the financial year 2011–12 the state was ranked second in nominal GDP, and fourth in GDP per capita. Andhra Pradesh's GDP in the financial year 2011 was 5676.36 billion. It is historically called the \"Rice Bowl of India\". More than 77% of its crop is rice; Andhra Pradesh produced 17,796,000 tonnes of rice in 2006. Two of the mega cities of the state – Hyderabad and Visakhapatnam – were listed among the top 15 cities contributing to India's overall Gross domestic product.\nAndhra Pradesh has the second longest coastline among all the states of India, after Gujrat. Two major rivers, the Godavari and the Krishna, run across the state. The small enclave of Yanam, a district of Pondicherry, lies in the Godavari delta to the northeast of the state. The state comprises three regions: Telangana, Coastal Andhra and Rayalaseema. The state's most populous cities are Hyderabad, Visakhapatnam, Vijayawada, Guntur, Rajahmundry, Warangal and Nellore.
/m/09gwd	Phenylalanine is an α-amino acid with the formula C6H5CH2CHCOOH. This essential amino acid is classified as nonpolar because of the hydrophobic nature of the benzyl side chain. L-Phenylalanine is an electrically neutral amino acid, one of the twenty common amino acids used to biochemically form proteins, coded for by DNA. The codons for L-phenylalanine are UUU and UUC. Phenylalanine is a precursor for tyrosine, the monoamine signaling molecules dopamine, norepinephrine, and epinephrine, and the skin pigment melanin.\nPhenylalanine is found naturally in the breast milk of mammals. It is used in the manufacture of food and drink products and sold as a nutritional supplement for its reputed analgesic and antidepressant effects. It is a direct precursor to the neuromodulator phenylethylamine, a commonly used dietary supplement.
/m/0cp0ph6	Bad Teacher is a 2011 American comedy film directed by Jake Kasdan based on a screenplay by Lee Eisenberg and Gene Stupnitsky, and starring Cameron Diaz, Justin Timberlake, and Jason Segel. The film was released in the United Kingdom on June 17 and in the United States and Canada on June 24, 2011.
/m/03hkv_r	The Writers Guild of America Award for Best Adapted Screenplay is one of the three screenwriting Writers Guild of America Awards, one that is specifically for film. The Writers Guild of America began making the distinction between an original screenplay and an adapted screenplay in 1970, when Waldo Salt, screenwriter for Midnight Cowboy, won for \"Best Adapted Drama\" and Arnold Schulman won \"Best Adapted Comedy\" for his screenplay of Goodbye, Columbus. Separate awards for dramas and comedies continued until 1985.
/m/0lzkm	Jim O'Rourke is an Irish American musician and record producer. He was long associated with the Chicago experimental and improv scene. Around 2000 he relocated to New York before moving on to Tokyo, Japan where he currently resides.
/m/0g0dy	A strait is a naturally formed, narrow, typically navigable waterway that connects two larger, navigable bodies of water. It most commonly refers to a channel of water that lies between two land masses, but it may also refer to a navigable channel through a body of water that is otherwise not navigable, for example because it is too shallow, or because it contains an unnavigable reef or archipelago.
/m/0bk4s	George III was King of Great Britain and King of Ireland from 25 October 1760 until the union of these two countries on 1 January 1801, after which he was King of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland until his death. He was concurrently Duke and prince-elector of Brunswick-Lüneburg in the Holy Roman Empire until his promotion to King of Hanover on 12 October 1814. He was the third British monarch of the House of Hanover, but unlike his two Hanoverian predecessors he was born in Britain, spoke English as his first language, and never visited Hanover.\nHis life and reign, which were longer than any other British monarch before him, were marked by a series of military conflicts involving his kingdoms, much of the rest of Europe, and places farther afield in Africa, the Americas and Asia. Early in his reign, Great Britain defeated France in the Seven Years' War, becoming the dominant European power in North America and India. However, many of its American colonies were soon lost in the American Revolutionary War. Further wars against revolutionary and Napoleonic France from 1793 concluded in the defeat of Napoleon at the Battle of Waterloo in 1815.
/m/02jyhv	Hayden Leslie Panettiere is an American actress, model, singer, voice actress, and activist. She is known for her roles as cheerleader Claire Bennet on the NBC series Heroes and as Juliette Barnes in the ABC musical drama series Nashville.\nA native of New York, she first appeared in a commercial at the age of 11 months. She began her acting career by playing Sarah Roberts on One Life to Live, and Lizzie Spaulding on Guiding Light, before starring at age 10 as Sheryl Yoast in the Disney feature film Remember the Titans. Other notable roles include her portrayal of the title character in the true crime drama Amanda Knox: Murder on Trial in Italy and Kirby Reed in the slasher film Scream 4. She received two nominations for the Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress – Series, Miniseries or Television Film, for her work on Nashville in 2012 and 2013.
/m/02b1zs	Clyde Football Club are a Scottish professional football team formed in 1877 currently playing in Scottish League Two of the Scottish Professional Football League. Although based for the last nineteen years in the new town of Cumbernauld, they are traditionally associated with an area that covers Rutherglen in South Lanarkshire and south east Glasgow.\nAfter initially rejecting an invitation to join the newly formed Scottish League in 1890, the club were elected in the following year in 1891. Clyde spent the majority of the next eighty years or so in the top division until relegation in 1975 but have failed to return since.\nHaving never won the league title, their best performance in the top division was third in the old Scottish Division One; in 1909, 1912, and 1967, finishing three points behind champions Celtic in 1909. They have won the Scottish Cup three times; in 1939, 1955, and 1958. They have finished runners up on a further three occasions, in 1910, 1912, and 1949.
/m/02rl201	The 2004 First-Year Player Draft, Major League Baseball's annual amateur draft, was held on June 7 and 8. It was conducted via conference call with representatives from each of the league's 30 teams. The draft marked the first time three players from the same university were chosen in the first ten picks.\nSource: MLB.com 2004 Draft Tracker
/m/02b13y	Bury Football Club is an football club based in Bury, Greater Manchester. The club are currently members of Football League Two, the fourth tier in the English football league system, and play at Gigg Lane, their home ground since 1885.
/m/0grd7	Southampton is the largest city in the ceremonial county of Hampshire on the south coast of England, and is situated 75 miles south-west of London and 19 miles north-west of Portsmouth. Southampton is a major port and the closest city to the New Forest. It lies at the northernmost point of Southampton Water at the confluence of the River Test and River Itchen, with the River Hamble joining to the south of the urban area. The local authority is Southampton City Council, which is a unitary authority. The city represents the core of the Greater Southampton region, and the city itself has an estimated population of 253,651. The city's name is sometimes abbreviated in writing to \"So'ton\" or \"Soton\", and a resident of Southampton is called a Sotonian.\nSignificant employers in Southampton include The University of Southampton, Southampton Solent University, Southampton Airport, Ordnance Survey, BBC South, the NHS, ABP and Carnival UK. Southampton is noted for its association with the RMS Titanic, the Spitfire and more recently a number of the largest cruise ships in the world.\nSouthampton is sometimes considered together with Portsmouth and surrounding towns to form a single metropolitan area known as South Hampshire. With a population of over 1.5 million this makes the region one of the United Kingdom's most populous metropolitan areas.
/m/04nlb94	Let the Right One In is a 2008 Swedish romantic horror film directed by Tomas Alfredson. Based on the 2004 novel of the same title by John Ajvide Lindqvist, who also wrote the screenplay. The film tells the story of a bullied 12-year-old boy who develops a friendship with a vampire child in Blackeberg, a suburb of Stockholm, in the early 1980s. Alfredson, unconcerned with the horror and vampire conventions, decided to tone down many elements of the novel and focus primarily on the relationship between the two main characters. Selecting the lead actors involved a year-long process with open castings held all over Sweden. In the end, then 11-year-olds Kåre Hedebrant and Lina Leandersson were chosen for the leading roles. They were subsequently commended by both Alfredson and film reviewers for their performances.\nThe film received widespread international critical acclaim and won numerous awards, including the \"Founders Award for Best Narrative Feature\" at the 2008 Tribeca Film Festival and the European Fantastic Film Festivals Federation's 2008 Méliès d'Or for the \"Best European Fantastic Feature Film\", as well as four Guldbagge Awards from the Swedish Film Institute and the Saturn Award for Best International Film.
/m/0bzk2h	The 47th Academy Awards were presented April 8, 1975 at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion, Los Angeles. The ceremonies were presided over by Sammy Davis, Jr., Bob Hope, Shirley MacLaine, and Frank Sinatra. This was the last year NBC aired the ceremonies before ABC secured broadcasting rights, which they still hold to this day.\nBetween the two of them, father and son Carmine and Francis Ford Coppola won no less than four awards this one night. The event occurred while a massive thunderstorm raged outside. The success of The Godfather Part II was notable; it received twice as many Oscars as its predecessor and duplicated its feat of three Best Supporting Actor nominations.\nProlific and flamboyant film producer Robert Evans received his only Academy Award nomination as the producer of Chinatown.
/m/07v5q	The Declaration of Independence is a statement adopted by the Continental Congress on July 4, 1776, which announced that the thirteen American colonies, then at war with Great Britain, regarded themselves as independent states, and no longer a part of the British Empire. Instead they formed a union that would become a new nation—the United States of America. John Adams was a leader in pushing for independence, which was unanimously approved on July 2. A committee had already drafted the formal declaration, to be ready when Congress voted on independence.\nAdams persuaded the committee to select Thomas Jefferson to compose the original draft of the document, which congress would edit to produce the final version. The Declaration was ultimately a formal explanation of why Congress had voted on July 2 to declare independence from Great Britain, more than a year after the outbreak of the American Revolutionary War. The national birthday, the Independence Day is celebrated on July 4, although Adams wanted July 2.\nAfter ratifying the text on July 4, Congress issued the Declaration of Independence in several forms. It was initially published as the printed Dunlap broadside that was widely distributed and read to the public. The source copy used for this printing has been lost, and may have been a copy in Thomas Jefferson's hand. Jefferson's original draft, complete with changes made by John Adams and Benjamin Franklin, and Jefferson's notes of changes made by Congress, is preserved at the Library of Congress. The most famous version of the Declaration, a signed copy that is popularly regarded as the official document, is displayed at the National Archives in Washington, D.C. This engrossed copy was ordered by Congress on July 19, and signed primarily on August 2.
/m/02fsn	The double bass, or upright bass, also called the string bass, bass fiddle, bass violin, doghouse bass, contrabass, bass viol, stand-up bass, bull fiddle or simply bass, is the largest and lowest-pitched bowed string instrument of the viol family in the modern symphony orchestra, with strings usually tuned to E1, A1, D2 and G2. The double bass is a standard member of the string section of the orchestra and smaller string ensembles in Western classical music. The double bass is played either with a bow or by plucking the strings. In orchestral repertoire and tango music, both arco and pizzicato are employed. In jazz, blues, and rockabilly, pizzicato is the norm. While classical music uses just the natural sound produced acoustically by the instrument, in jazz, blues, and related genres, the bass is typically amplified with a bass amplifier.\nThe bass is used in a range of genres, such as jazz, 1950s-style blues and rock and roll, rockabilly/psychobilly, traditional country music, bluegrass, tango and many types of folk music. A person who plays the double bass is usually referred to as a bassist. The double bass is a transposing instrument and sounds one octave lower than notated.
/m/0d9fz	The Canadian Alliance, formally the Canadian Reform Conservative Alliance, was a Canadian conservative political party that existed from 2000 to 2003. The party was the successor to the Reform Party of Canada and inherited its position as the Official Opposition in the House of Commons and held it throughout its existence. The party supported policies that were both fiscally and socially conservative, seeking reduced government spending on social programs and reductions in taxation.\nThe Alliance was created out of the United Alternative initiative launched by the Reform Party and several provincial Tory parties as a vehicle to merge with the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada. The federal PC Party rebuffed the initiative to \"unite the right\" in the late fall of 1998 when it elected Joe Clark as its leader. In December 2003, the Canadian Alliance and the Progressive Conservative parties voted to disband and merge into the Conservative Party of Canada.
/m/02p0tjr	Vitamin A is a group of unsaturated nutritional organic compounds, that includes retinol, retinal, retinoic acid, and several provitamin A carotenoids, among which beta-carotene is the most important. Vitamin A has multiple functions: it is important for growth and development, for the maintenance of the immune system and good vision. Vitamin A is needed by the retina of the eye in the form of retinal, which combines with protein opsin to form rhodopsin the light-absorbing molecule, that is necessary for both low-light and color vision. Vitamin A also functions in a very different role as an irreversibly oxidized form of retinol known as retinoic acid, which is an important hormone-like growth factor for epithelial and other cells.\nIn foods of animal origin, the major form of vitamin A is an ester, primarily retinyl palmitate, which is converted to retinol in the small intestine. The retinol form functions as a storage form of the vitamin, and can be converted to and from its visually active aldehyde form, retinal. The associated acid, a metabolite that can be irreversibly synthesized from vitamin A, has only partial vitamin A activity, and does not function in the retina for the visual cycle. Retinoic acid is used for growth and cellular differentiation.
/m/01d8yn	Aaron Benjamin Sorkin is an Academy and Emmy-award winning American screenwriter, producer, and playwright, whose works include A Few Good Men, The American President, The West Wing, Sports Night, Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip, Charlie Wilson's War, The Social Network, Moneyball and The Newsroom.\nIn television, Sorkin is known as a controlling writer who rarely shares the credit of penning screenplays. His trademark rapid-fire dialogue and extended monologues are complemented, in television, by frequent collaborator Thomas Schlamme's characteristic directing technique called the \"walk and talk\". These sequences consist of single tracking shots of long duration involving multiple characters engaging in conversation as they move through the set; characters enter and exit the conversation as the shot continues without any cuts.
/m/0147gr	Aerospace describes the human effort in science, engineering and business to fly in the atmosphere of Earth and surrounding space. Aerospace organisations research, design, manufacture, operate, or maintain aircraft and/or spacecraft. Aerospace activity is very diverse, with a multitude of commercial, industrial and military applications.\nAerospace is not the same as airspace, which is the physical air space directly above a location on the ground.
/m/02rghbp	James Harmon Brown and Barbara Esensten are American television writers, primarily working on soap operas. The duo have worked together for over 20 years starting on the prime-time soap Dynasty. Together, they created the soap opera The City, a spinoff of Loving. On November 14, 2012, Esensten died at the age of 75.
/m/02vnp2	The Catholic University of America is a private university located in Washington, D.C. in the United States. It is a pontifical university of the Catholic Church in the United States and the only institution of higher education founded by the U.S. Catholic bishops. Established in 1887 as a graduate and research center following approval by Pope Leo XIII on Easter Sunday, the university began offering undergraduate education in 1904. The university's campus lies within the Brookland neighborhood, known as \"Little Rome\", which contains 60 Catholic institutions, including Trinity Washington University and the Dominican House of Studies.\nIt has been called one of the 25 most underrated colleges in America, one of the nation's best colleges by the Princeton Review, one of the best values of any private school in the country by Kiplinger's, \"one of the most eco-friendly universities in the country,\" and has been recommended by the Cardinal Newman Society.\nCUA's programs emphasize the liberal arts, professional education, and personal development. The school stays closely connected with the Catholic Church and Catholic organizations. The American Cardinals Dinner is put on by the residential U.S. Cardinals each year to raise scholarship funds for CUA. The university has a long history of working with the Knights of Columbus; the university's law school and basilica have dedications to the involvement and support of the Knights.
/m/05r4w	Portugal, officially the Portuguese Republic, is a unitary semi-presidential republic. It is located in South-Western Europe, on the Iberian Peninsula, and it is the westernmost country of mainland Europe, being bordered by the Atlantic Ocean to the west and south and by Spain to the north and east. Aside from continental Portugal, the Portuguese Republic holds sovereignty over the Atlantic archipelagos of Azores and Madeira, which are autonomous regions of Portugal. The country is named after its second largest city, Porto, whose Latin name was Portus Cale.\nThe land within the borders of the current Portuguese Republic has been continually fought over and settled since prehistoric times. After a period of Roman rule followed by Visigothic and Suebian domination, in the 8th century most of the Iberian Peninsula was conquered by Moorish invaders. During the Catholic Church oriented Reconquista, Portugal established itself as an independent kingdom from Galicia in 1139. In the 15th and 16th centuries, as the result of pioneering the Age of Discovery, Portugal expanded western influence and established the first global empire, becoming one of the world's major economic, political and military powers, and ultimately dividing the world with Spain.
/m/09b_0m	The National and Kapodistrian University of Athens, usually referred to simply as the University of Athens, has been in continuous operation since its establishment in 1837 and is the oldest institution of higher learning in the modern Greek state.
/m/03t5kl	The Grammy Award for Best Rap/Sung Collaboration is an honor presented at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards, to recording artists for quality songs on which rappers and singers collaborate. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position\".\nAccording to the category description guide for the 52nd Grammy Awards, the award is presented to artists for \"a newly recorded Rap/Sung collaborative performance by artists who do not normally perform together\", and the \"collaborative artist should be recognized as a featured artist\".\nAmericans Eve and Gwen Stefani won the first award in 2002 with \"Let Me Blow Ya Mind\". The pair were unsuccessfully nominated a second time in 2006 for \"Rich Girl\". American rapper Jay-Z has received seven Grammys in the category— four times as lead artist and three times as featured artist; he has also been nominated for three other songs. Kanye West has won the award four times, and has been nominated for the honor for six other works. Rihanna is the female artist with the most wins in the category, with three. T-Pain has received the most nominations in the category without a win, with five.
/m/02x2t07	J. Michael Riva was an American production designer.
/m/021q0l	In academia, a fellow is a member of a group of learned people who work together as peers in the pursuit of mutual knowledge or practice. The fellows may include visiting professors, postdoctoral researchers and doctoral researchers.
/m/0b76d_m	Anonymous is a 2011 political thriller and historical drama film. Directed by Roland Emmerich and written by John Orloff, the movie is a fictionalized version of the life of Edward de Vere, 17th Earl of Oxford, an Elizabethan courtier, playwright, poet and patron of the arts. It stars Rhys Ifans as de Vere and Vanessa Redgrave as Queen Elizabeth I of England.\nSet within the political atmosphere of the Elizabethan court, the film presents Lord Oxford as the true author of William Shakespeare's plays, and dramatizes events around the succession to Queen Elizabeth I, and the Earl of Essex Rebellion against her. De Vere is depicted as a literary prodigy and the Queen's sometime lover, with whom she has a son, Henry Wriothesley, 3rd Earl of Southampton, only to discover that he himself may be the Queen's son by an earlier lover. De Vere eventually sees his suppressed plays performed through a frontman, using his production of Richard III to support a rebellion led by his son and Robert Devereux, 2nd Earl of Essex. The insurrection fails, and as a condition for sparing the life of their son, the Queen declares that de Vere will never be known as the author of his plays and poems.
/m/0bkmf	William Clark Gable was an American film actor. Gable began his career as a stage actor and appeared as an extra in silent films between 1924 and 1926, and progressed to supporting roles with a few films for MGM in 1931. The next year he landed his first leading Hollywood role and became a leading man in more than 60 motion pictures over the next three decades.\nGable was arguably best known for his role as Rhett Butler in the epic Gone with the Wind, for which he received his third nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actor. He was also nominated for leading roles in Mutiny on the Bounty, and he won for It Happened One Night. His other films include Manhattan Melodrama and The Misfits.\nGable appeared opposite some of the most popular actresses of the time. Joan Crawford, who was his favorite actress to work with, was partnered with Gable in eight films; Myrna Loy worked with him seven times, and he was paired with Jean Harlow in six productions. He also starred with Lana Turner in four features, and with Norma Shearer and Ava Gardner in three each. Gable's final film, The Misfits, united him with Marilyn Monroe. He was named the seventh greatest male actor of all time by the American Film Institute.
/m/0dfrq	Seamus Justin Heaney, MRIA was an Irish poet, playwright, translator and lecturer, and the recipient of the 1995 Nobel Prize in Literature. In the early 1960s, he became a lecturer in Belfast after attending university there and began to publish poetry. He lived in Sandymount, Dublin, from 1972 until his death.\nHeaney was a professor at Harvard from 1981 to 1997 and its Poet in Residence from 1988 to 2006. From 1989 to 1994 he was also the Professor of Poetry at Oxford and in 1996 was made a Commandeur de l'Ordre des Arts et Lettres. Other awards that he received include the Geoffrey Faber Memorial Prize, the E. M. Forster Award, the PEN Translation Prize, the Golden Wreath of Poetry, T. S. Eliot Prize and two Whitbread Prizes. In 2012, he was awarded the Lifetime Recognition Award from the Griffin Trust For Excellence In Poetry. His literary papers are held by the National Library of Ireland.\nRobert Lowell called him \"the most important Irish poet since Yeats\" and many others, including the academic John Sutherland, have echoed the sentiment that he was \"the greatest poet of our age\". Robert Pinsky has stated that \"with his wonderful gift of eye and ear Heaney has the gift of the story-teller\". Upon his death in 2013, The Independent described him as \"probably the best-known poet in the world\".
/m/053_7s	The Apache Wars were a series of armed conflicts between the United States Army and various Apache nations fought in the Southwest between 1849 and 1886, though minor hostilities continued until as late as 1924. The Confederate Army participated in the wars during the early 1860s in Texas, before being diverted to action in the American Civil War in New Mexico and Arizona.
/m/03z106	We Were Soldiers is a 2002 war film that dramatizes the Battle of Ia Drang on November 14, 1965. The film was directed by Randall Wallace and stars Mel Gibson. It is based on the book We Were Soldiers Once… And Young by Lieutenant General Hal Moore and reporter Joseph L. Galloway, both of whom were at the battle.
/m/01f2xy	Sidney Sussex College is a constituent college of the University of Cambridge in England.\nThe college was founded in 1596 under the terms of the will of Frances Sidney, Countess of Sussex and named after its foundress. It was from its inception an avowedly Protestant foundation; \"some good and godlie moniment for the mainteynance of good learninge\". In her will, Lady Sussex left the sum of £5,000 together with some plate to found a new college at Cambridge University \"to be called the Lady Frances Sidney Sussex College\". Her executors Sir John Harington and Henry Grey, 6th Earl of Kent, supervised by Archbishop John Whitgift, founded the college seven years after her death.\nOliver Cromwell was among the first students, and his head is now buried beneath the College's Ante-Chapel. As of 2011, the college had an endowment of £32m.
/m/0dgr5xp	The Hundred Flowers Award for Best Actor was first awarded by the China Film Association in 1962.
/m/024dzn	The Grammy Award for Best Album for Children has been awarded since 1959. Prior to 1992, the award was known as Best Recording for Children and was therefore open to any audio recording, whether it was an album, a single song, a recording of a book, or the audio from a television show or movie. In 1994 the award was divided into Best Musical Album for Children and Best Spoken Word Album for Children. In 2012, both categories were once again combined into the new Best Children's Album category.\nYears reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were handed out, for music released in the previous year.
/m/0484q	Kurt Donald Cobain was an American musician and artist. He was best known as the lead singer, guitarist, and primary songwriter of the grunge band Nirvana. Cobain formed Nirvana with Krist Novoselic in Aberdeen, Washington, in 1985 and established it as part of the Seattle music scene, having its debut album Bleach released on the independent record label Sub Pop in 1989.\nAfter signing with major label DGC Records, the band found breakthrough success with \"Smells Like Teen Spirit\" from its second album Nevermind. Following the success of Nevermind, Nirvana was labeled \"the flagship band\" of Generation X, and Cobain hailed as \"the spokesman of a generation\". Cobain, however, was often uncomfortable and frustrated, believing his message and artistic vision to have been misinterpreted by the public, with his personal issues often subject to media attention. He challenged Nirvana's audience with its final studio album In Utero. It did not match the sales figures of Nevermind but was still a critical and commercial success.\nDuring the last years of his life, Cobain struggled with heroin addiction, illness and depression. He also had difficulty coping with his fame and public image, and the professional and lifelong personal pressures surrounding himself and his wife, musician Courtney Love. On April 8, 1994, Cobain was found dead at his home in Seattle, the victim of what was officially ruled a suicide by a self-inflicted shotgun wound to the head. The circumstances of his death at age 27 have become a topic of public fascination and debate. Since their debut, Nirvana, with Cobain as a songwriter, has sold over 25 million albums in the US, and over 75 million worldwide.
/m/0w9hk	Rochester is a city in the U.S. state of Minnesota and is the county seat of Olmsted County. Located on both banks of the Zumbro River, the city has a population of 106,769 according to the 2010 United States Census. The U.S. Census Bureau estimated 2012 population is 108,992. It is Minnesota's third-largest city and the largest city located outside of the Minneapolis-St. Paul-Bloomington Metropolitan Statistical Area. As of 2012, the Rochester metropolitan area has a population of 209,607.
/m/05g9h	The National Socialist German Workers' Party, commonly known in English as the Nazi Party, was a political party in Germany active between 1920 and 1945. Its predecessor, the German Workers' Party, existed from 1919 to 1920. The term Nazi is German and stems from Nationalsozialist, due to the pronunciation of Latin -tion- as -tsion- in German, with German Z being pronounced as 'ts'.\nThe party emerged from the German nationalist, racist and populist Freikorps paramilitary culture, which fought against the communist uprisings in post-World War I Germany. Advocacy of a form of socialism by right-wing figures and movements in Germany became common during and after World War I, influencing Nazism. Arthur Moeller van den Bruck of the Conservative Revolutionary movement coined the term \"Third Reich\", and advocated an ideology combining the nationalism of the right and the socialism of the left. Prominent Conservative Revolutionary member Oswald Spengler's conception of a \"Prussian Socialism\" influenced the Nazis. The party was created as a means to draw workers away from communism and into völkisch nationalism. Initially, Nazi political strategy focused on anti-big business, anti-bourgeois, and anti-capitalist rhetoric, although such aspects were later downplayed in order to gain the support of industrial entities, and in 1930s the party's focus shifted to antisemitic and anti-Marxist themes.
/m/06zsk51	Lonesome Dove is a Western television miniseries based on Larry McMurtry's Pulitzer Prize-winning novel of the same name. Starring Robert Duvall and Tommy Lee Jones, Lonesome Dove was originally broadcast by CBS on February 5, 1989, drawing a huge viewing audience, earning numerous awards, and reviving both the television western and the miniseries.\nAn estimated 26,000,000 homes tuned in to watch Lonesome Dove, unusually high numbers for a Western at that time. The western genre was considered dead by most people, as was the miniseries. By the show's end, it had earned huge ratings and virtually revamped the entire 1989–1990 television season. A favorite with audiences, as well as critics, Lonesome Dove garnered many honors and awards. At the 1989 Emmy Awards, the miniseries had 18 nominations and seven wins, including one for director Simon Wincer. Another miniseries of significantly lower TV ratings and less critical acclaim, War and Remembrance, won the Emmy for Outstanding Miniseries. Yet, Lonesome Dove found success later, when it won two Golden Globes, for Best Miniseries and Best Actor in a Miniseries.\nThe film was deemed Program of the Year by the National Television Critics Association, as well as Outstanding Dramatic Achievement. It received the D.W. Griffith Award for Best Television Miniseries, and CBS was presented with a Peabody Award for Outstanding Achievement in Drama. In a 2003 TRIO Network Special, TRIO ranked Lonesome Dove third in a list of ten outstanding miniseries, beginning from the time the format was created.
/m/0t0n5	Cedar Rapids is the second largest city in Iowa and is the county seat of Linn County. The city lies on both banks of the Cedar River, 20 miles north of Iowa City and 100 miles east of Des Moines, the state's capital and largest city. Until massive flooding in 2008, the city's government was headquartered in the Veterans Memorial Building, near the Linn County Courthouse and jail on Mays Island in the Cedar River; Cedar Rapids was one of a few cities in the world, along with Paris, France, with governmental offices on a municipal island.\nA flourishing center for arts and culture in Eastern Iowa, the city is home to the Cedar Rapids Museum of Art, the National Czech & Slovak Museum & Library, the Paramount Theatre, Theatre Cedar Rapids, the African-American Historical Museum and Cultural Center of Iowa, and the Iowa Cultural Corridor Alliance. Cedar Rapids is an economic hub of the state, located in the core of the Interstate 380 Cedar Rapids/Iowa City Technology Corridor of Linn, Benton, Jones, Johnson, and Washington counties. As of the 2010 United States Census, the city population was 126,326.\nThe estimated population of the three-county Metropolitan Statistical Area, which includes the nearby cities of Marion and Hiawatha, was 255,452 in 2008.
/m/02h40lc	English is a West Germanic language that was first spoken in early medieval England and is now the most widely used language in the world. It is spoken as a first language by the majority populations of several sovereign states, including the United Kingdom, the United States, Canada, Australia, Ireland, New Zealand and a number of Caribbean nations; and it is an official language of almost 60 sovereign states. It is the third-most-common native language in the world, after Mandarin Chinese and Spanish. It is widely learned as a second language and is an official language of the European Union, many Commonwealth countries and the United Nations, as well as in many world organisations.\nEnglish arose in the Anglo-Saxon kingdoms of England and what is now southeast Scotland. Following the extensive influence of Great Britain and the United Kingdom from the 17th to mid-20th centuries through the British Empire, it has been widely propagated around the world. Through the spread of American-dominated media and technology, English has become the leading language of international discourse and the lingua franca in many regions.\nHistorically, English originated from the fusion of closely related dialects, now collectively termed Old English, which were brought to the eastern coast of Great Britain by Germanic settlers by the 5th century; the word English is derived from the name of the Angles, and ultimately from their ancestral region of Angeln. The language was also influenced early on by the Old Norse language through Viking invasions in the 9th and 10th centuries.
/m/025_64l	The Tennessee Volunteers football team represents the University of Tennessee, Knoxville in the sport of American football. The Volunteers compete in the Football Bowl Subdivision of the National Collegiate Athletics Association and the Eastern Division of the Southeastern Conference.\nHaving played their first season in 1891, the Vols have amassed a successful tradition for well over a century, with their combined record of 804-361-53 ranking them tenth on the list of all-time won-lost records and eighth on the by victories list for college football programs as well as second on the all-time win/loss list of SEC programs. This makes them one of the most successful football programs in NCAA history. Their all-time ranking in bowl appearances is third and sixth in all-time bowl victories. They boast six national titles in their history and their last national championship was in the 1998 college football season.\nThe Vols play at historic Neyland Stadium, where Tennessee has an all-time winning record of 445 games, the highest home-field total in college football history for any school in the nation at its current home venue. Additionally, its 102,455 seat capacity makes Neyland the nation's fourth largest stadium. The team is currently coached by Butch Jones.
/m/0s9z_	Highland Park is a suburban municipality in Lake County, Illinois, United States, about 23 miles north of downtown Chicago. As of the 2010 census, the population was 29,763. Highland Park is one of several municipalities located on the North Shore of the Chicago Metropolitan Area.
/m/03clrng	N. Gail Lawrence is an American television soap opera writer. She has written for soaps for nearly 24 years.
/m/057cc	A musical keyboard is the set of adjacent depressible levers or keys on a musical instrument. Keyboards typically contain keys for playing the twelve notes of the Western musical scale, with a combination of larger, longer keys and smaller, shorter keys that repeats at the interval of an octave. Depressing a key on the keyboard causes the instrument to produce sounds, either by mechanically striking a string or tine; plucking a string; causing air to flow through a pipe; or strike a bell. On electric and electronic keyboards, depressing a key connects a circuit. Since the most commonly encountered keyboard instrument is the piano, the keyboard layout is often referred to as the \"piano keyboard\".
/m/0dgpwnk	This Must Be the Place is a 2011 European drama film directed by Paolo Sorrentino, written by Sorrentino and Umberto Contarello and released in the U.S. in late 2012. It stars Sean Penn and Frances McDormand. The film deals with a middle-aged wealthy rock star who becomes bored in his retirement and takes on the quest of finding his father's tormentor, a Nazi war criminal who is a refugee in the United States.\nThe film was an Italian-majority production with co-producers in France and Ireland. Principal photography began in August 2010. Filming took place in Ireland and Italy, as well as the states of Michigan, New Mexico and New York. The film was in competition at the 2011 Cannes Film Festival.
/m/029skd	North Norfolk is a local government district in Norfolk, United Kingdom. Its council is based in Cromer. The council headquarters can be found approximately 1 mile out of the town of Cromer on the road to Holt and there is a smaller office for callers in Fakenham.
/m/0d1swh	Craig Aaron Rocastle is an English-born Grenadian international footballer. He is a cousin of the late England and Arsenal midfielder David Rocastle.\nA former youth team player at Queens Park Rangers, he joined Kingstonian from Gravesend and Northfleet in 2001. He signed with Chelsea in 2003, and was loaned out to Barnsley, Lincoln City, and Hibernian. He joined Sheffield Wednesday in February 2005, helping the \"Owls\" to promotion out of League One via the play-offs in 2005. Loaned out to Yeovil Town, he switched to Oldham Athletic in 2006, before moving on to Port Vale in June 2007. He was loaned out to Gillingham, before joining Greek side Thrasyvoulos in 2008. He returned to England the following year with Welling United, later playing for Dover Athletic and Forest Green Rovers. He joined American club Sporting Kansas City in March 2010, and briefly played for the Missouri Comets in January 2012, before he returned to Thrasyvoulos.
/m/0j11	Aruba is an island 33 kilometre long located about 1,600 kilometres west of the Lesser Antilles in the southern Caribbean Sea, located 27 kilometres north of the coast of Venezuela. Together with Bonaire and Curaçao, it forms a group referred to as the ABC islands. Collectively, Aruba and the other Dutch islands in the Caribbean are often called the Netherlands Antilles or the Dutch Caribbean.\nAruba is one of the four constituent countries that form the Kingdom of the Netherlands, along with the Netherlands, Curaçao and Sint Maarten. The citizens of these countries all share a single nationality: Dutch. Aruba has no administrative subdivisions, but, for census purposes, is divided into eight regions. Its capital is Oranjestad.\nUnlike much of the Caribbean region, Aruba has a dry climate and an arid, cactus-strewn landscape. This climate has helped tourism as visitors to the island can reliably expect warm, sunny weather. It has a land area of 179 km² and is densely populated, with a total of 102,484 inhabitants at the 2010 Census. It lies outside the hurricane belt.
/m/0nv5y	McLean County is the largest county by land area in the U.S. state of Illinois. According to the 2010 census, it had a population of 169,572, which is an increase of 12.7% from 150,433 in 2000. Its county seat is Bloomington.\nMcLean County is included in the Bloomington–Normal, Illinois Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/03m8lq	Amanda Peet is an American actress who has appeared in film, stage and television. After studying with Uta Hagen at Columbia University, Peet began her career in television commercials, and progressed to small roles on television, before making her film debut in 1995. Featured roles in films such as the 2000 comedy film The Whole Nine Yards brought her wider recognition.\nShe has appeared in a variety of films, including the 2001 comedy Saving Silverman, the 2003 romantic comedy Something's Gotta Give, the 2003 psychological thriller film Identity, the 2005 action-thriller Syriana, the 2006 comedy-drama remake Griffin & Phoenix, the 2007 romantic comedy The Ex, the 2008 science fiction film The X-Files: I Want to Believe and the 2009 disaster adventure drama 2012. She has also appeared in the 1999 drama series Jack & Jill and the 2006 drama series Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip.
/m/04ngn	Luton Town Football Club is an English football club based since 1905 at Kenilworth Road, Luton, Bedfordshire. Affiliated to the Bedfordshire County Football Association, it was founded in 1885, and is nicknamed \"the Hatters\". Its history includes major trophy wins, several financial crises, numerous promotions and relegations, and some spells of sustained success. The club was perhaps most prominent between 1982 and 1992, when it was a member of English football's top division, at that time the First Division; the team won its first major honour, the Football League Cup, in 1988. During the 2013–14 season, the team is contesting English football's fifth tier, the Conference Premier.\nThe club was the first in southern England to turn professional, making payments to players as early as 1890 and turning fully professional a year later. It joined The Football League before the 1897–98 season, left in 1900 because of financial problems, and rejoined in 1920. Luton reached the First Division in 1955–56, and contested a major final for the first time when playing Nottingham Forest in the 1959 FA Cup Final. The team was then relegated from the top division in 1959–60, and demoted twice more in the following five years, playing in the Fourth Division from the 1965–66 season. However, it was promoted back to the top level by 1974–75.
/m/02mjk5	The New York Shipbuilding Corporation was founded in 1899 and opened its first shipyard in 1900. Located in Camden, New Jersey on the east shore of the Delaware River, New York Ship built more than 500 vessels for the U.S. Navy, the United States Merchant Marine, the United States Coast Guard, and other maritime concerns. It was funded in large part by Pittsburgh's Mellon Financial and Andrew W. Mellon.\nNew York Ship's unusual covered ways produced everything from aircraft carriers, battleships, and luxury liners to barges and car floats. At its peak during World War II, NYSB was the largest and most productive shipyard in the world. Its best-known vessels include the destroyer USS Reuben James, the cruiser USS Indianapolis, the aircraft carrier USS Kitty Hawk, the nuclear-powered cargo ship NS Savannah, and a quartet of cargo-passenger liners nicknamed the Four Aces.\nDuring World War I, New York Ship expanded rapidly to fill orders from the U.S. Navy and the Emergency Fleet Corporation. A critical shortage of worker housing led to the construction of Yorkship Village, a planned community of 1000 brick homes designed by Electus Darwin Litchfield and financed by the War Department. Yorkship Village is now the Fairview section of the City of Camden.
/m/044kwr	Joseph Michael Schenck was an American film executive. He played a key role in the development of the American film industry.
/m/011vx3	Peter \"Pete\" Seeger was an American folk singer and activist. A fixture on nationwide radio in the 1940s, he also had a string of hit records during the early 1950s as a member of the Weavers, most notably their recording of Lead Belly's \"Goodnight, Irene\", which topped the charts for 13 weeks in 1950. Members of the Weavers were blacklisted during the McCarthy Era. In the 1960s, he re-emerged on the public scene as a prominent singer of protest music in support of international disarmament, civil rights, counterculture and environmental causes.\nA prolific songwriter, his best-known songs include \"Where Have All the Flowers Gone?\", \"If I Had a Hammer\", and \"Turn! Turn! Turn!\", which have been recorded by many artists both in and outside the folk revival movement and are sung throughout the world. \"Flowers\" was a hit recording for the Kingston Trio; Marlene Dietrich, who recorded it in English, German and French; and Johnny Rivers. \"If I Had a Hammer\" was a hit for Peter, Paul & Mary and Trini Lopez, while the Byrds had a number one hit with \"Turn! Turn! Turn!\" in 1965.
/m/05g9_	The New Age movement is a Western spiritual movement that developed in the second half of the 20th century. Its central precepts have been described as \"drawing on both Eastern and Western spiritual and metaphysical traditions and infusing them with influences from self-help and motivational psychology, holistic health, parapsychology, consciousness research and quantum physics\". The term New Age refers to the coming astrological Age of Aquarius.\nThe movement aims to create \"a spirituality without borders or confining dogmas\" that is inclusive and pluralistic. It holds to \"a holistic worldview\", emphasising that the Mind, Body, and Spirit are interrelated and that there is a form of monism and unity throughout the universe. It attempts to create \"a worldview that includes both science and spirituality\" and embraces a number of forms of mainstream science as well as other forms of science that are considered fringe.\nThe origins of the movement can be found in Medieval astrology and alchemy, such as the writings of Paracelsus, in Renaissance interests in Hermeticism, in 18th-century mysticism, such as that of Emanuel Swedenborg, and in beliefs in animal magnetism espoused by Franz Mesmer. In the 19th and early 20th centuries, authors such as Godfrey Higgins and the esotericists Eliphas Levi, Helena Blavatsky, and George Gurdjieff articulated specific histories, cosmologies, and some of the basic philosophical principles that would influence the movement. It experienced a revival as a result of the work of individuals such as Alice Bailey and organizations such as the Theosophical Society. It gained further momentum in the 1960s, taking influence from metaphysics, perennial philosophy, self-help psychology, and the various Indian gurus who visited the West during that decade. In the 1970s, it developed a social and political component.
/m/025352	A lyricist is a writer who specializes in writing lyrics. A singer who writes the lyrics to songs is a singer-lyricist. This differentiates from a singer-composer, who composes the song's melody.
/m/011wdm	Boulogne-Billancourt is a commune in the western suburbs of Paris, France. It is located 8.2 km from the centre of Paris. Boulogne-Billancourt is a subprefecture of the Hauts-de-Seine department and the seat of the Arrondissement of Boulogne-Billancourt.\nWith an average household income of €28,742, Boulogne-Billancourt is the wealthiest among French communes of more than 100,000 inhabitants, followed by Paris.\nBoulogne-Billancourt is the most populous suburb of Paris and one of the most densely populated municipalities in Europe. Formerly an important industrial site, it has successfully reconverted into business services and is now home to major communication companies headquartered in the Val de Seine business district.
/m/02l48d	American International Group, Inc. – also known as AIG – is an American multinational insurance corporation with over 63,000 employees globally. AIG companies serve customers in more than 130 countries around the world; the company is a provider of property casualty insurance, life insurance and retirement services, and mortgage insurance. AIG’s corporate headquarters are in New York City, its British headquarters are in London, continental Europe operations are based in La Défense, Paris, and its Asian headquarters are in Hong Kong. According to the 2013 Forbes Global 2000 list, AIG was the 62nd-largest public company in the world. As of February 20, 2014, it had a market capitalization of $73.11 billion, per FactSet.
/m/04gm7n	Priority Records is an American record label owned by Universal Music Group, and operates as a unit of Capitol Music Group. The company has made a name for itself dealing primarily in hip hop. Priority has also provided distribution for other labels such as No Limit Records, Ruthless Records, Death Row Records, Wu-Tang Records, Posthuman Records, Rawkus Records, Rap-A-Lot Records, Roc-A-Fella Records, Scarface Records, Black Market Records, Rhythm Safari and Tass Radio Records.
/m/01sdzg	A third baseman, abbreviated 3B, is the player in baseball whose responsibility is to defend the area nearest to third base — the third of four bases a baserunner must touch in succession to score a run. In the scoring system used to record defensive plays, the third baseman is assigned the number '5.'\nThe third baseman requires good reflexes in reacting to batted balls, as he or she is often the closest infielder to the batter. The third base position requires a strong arm, as the third baseman often makes long throws to first base. The third baseman sometimes must throw quickly to second base in time to start a double play. The third baseman must also field fly balls in fair and foul territory.\nThird base is known as the \"hot corner\", because the third baseman is relatively close to the batter and most right-handed hitters tend to hit the ball hard in this direction. The third baseman needs good hand-eye coordination and quick reactions in order to catch hard line drives sometimes in excess of 125 miles per hour. Third basemen often must begin in a position even closer to the batter if a bunt is expected, creating a hazard if the ball is instead hit sharply. As with middle infielders, right-handed throwing players are standard at the position because they do not need to turn their body before throwing across the infield to first base. Mike Squires, who played fourteen games at third base in 1982 and 1983, is a very rare example of a third baseman who threw lefty. Some third basemen have been converted from middle infielders or outfielders because the position does not require them to run as fast.
/m/01541z	Michelle Renee Forbes Guajardo, known professionally as Michelle Forbes, is an American actress who has built a career of work in television and independent film and has acted in productions in both the United States and in the United Kingdom. Forbes first gained attention from her dual role in daytime soap opera Guiding Light, for which she received a Daytime Emmy Award nomination. She has also been nominated for multiple Screen Actors Guild- and Saturn Awards during her career.\nAlthough she has appeared in significant roles in movies such as Escape from L.A., Kalifornia and Swimming with Sharks, Forbes is known for her recurring appearances on genre and drama shows such as Ensign Ro Laren in Star Trek: The Next Generation and her regular role as Dr. Julianna Cox on Homicide: Life on the Street during the 1990s, while building her career with recurring roles throughout the 2000s in Battlestar Galactica, 24, In Treatment, Durham County, Prison Break and her series regular role as Maryann Forrester on True Blood.\nShe recently starred in the 2011-2012 AMC television series The Killing, for which she received a Primetime Emmy Award nomination on July 14, 2011.
/m/03sbs	Immanuel Kant was a Prussian philosopher who is widely considered to be a central figure of modern philosophy. He argued that human concepts and categories structure our view of the world and its laws, and that reason is the source of morality. His thought continues to have a major influence in contemporary thought, especially in fields such as metaphysics, epistemology, ethics, political philosophy, and aesthetics.\nKant's major work, the Critique of Pure Reason, aimed to bring reason together with experience and to move beyond what he took to be failures of traditional philosophy and metaphysics. He hoped to end an age of speculation where objects outside experience were seen to support what he saw as futile theories, while resisting the skepticism of thinkers such as David Hume.\nKant proposed a \"Copernican Revolution-in-reverse\". In simple terms, Kant argued that our experiences are structured by necessary features of our minds. The mind shapes and structures experience so that, on an abstract level, all human experience shares certain essential structural features. Among other things, Kant believed that the concepts of space and time are integral to all human experience, as are our concepts of cause and effect. We never have direct experience of things, the noumenal world, and what we do experience is the phenomenal world as conveyed by our senses. These observations summarize Kant's views upon the subject–object problem.
/m/0b6css	The African Development Bank Group is a multilateral development finance institution established to contribute to the economic development and social progress of African countries. The AfDB was founded in 1964 and comprises three entities: The African Development Bank, the African Development Fund and the Nigeria Trust Fund. The AfDB’s mission is to fight poverty and improve living conditions on the continent through promoting the investment of public and private capital in projects and programs that are likely to contribute to the economic and social development of the region. The AfDB is a financial provider to African governments and private companies investing in the regional member countries. While it was originally headquartered in Abidjan, Côte d'Ivoire, the Bank's headquarters moved to Tunis, Tunisia, during the civil war in Côte d'Ivoire.
/m/01lct6	Alan Stuart \"Al\" Franken is an American politician and the junior United States Senator from Minnesota, serving since 2009. A member of the Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party, an affiliate of the Democratic Party, he narrowly defeated incumbent Republican Senator Norm Coleman in 2008. Prior to serving in the Senate, he was a writer and performer for the television show Saturday Night Live from its conception in 1975 to 1980, returning in 1985 until 1995.\nAfter leaving SNL, he wrote and acted in several movies and television shows. He also hosted his nationally syndicated, political radio talk show The Al Franken Show, and authored six books, four of which are political satires critical of right-wing politics.\nFranken declared his candidacy for the U.S. Senate in 2007 and after a close race, he trailed Coleman by 215 votes. After a statewide manual recount, required because of the closeness of the election, Franken was declared the winner by a margin of 312 votes. After an election contest and subsequent lawsuit by Coleman, the Minnesota Supreme Court unanimously upheld his victory on June 30, 2009 and Franken was sworn into the Senate on July 7, 2009.
/m/016g2_	The Liliaceae family, are a family of monocotyledon perennial, herbaceous geophytes, often bulbous flowering plants within the order Liliales, consisting of fifteen genera and approximately 600 species. Plants in this family have evolved with a fair amount of morphological diversity despite genetic similarity. Common characteristics include large flowers arranged in threes, with six coloured or patterned petaloid tepals, six stamens and a superior ovary. The leaves are linear, mostly with parallel veins. Several have bulbs, while others have rhizomes. First described in 1789, the lily family became a paraphyletic \"catch-all\" group of petaloid monocots that did not fit into other families and included a great number of genera now included in other families and in some cases in other orders. Consequently many sources and descriptions labelled \"Liliaceae\" deal with the broader sense of the family.\nThe family evolved approximately 68 million years ago during the Late Cretaceous to Early Paleogene eras. Liliaceae are widely distributed, mainly in temperate regions of the Northern Hemisphere and the flowers are insect pollinated. Many Liliaceae are important ornamental plants, widely grown for their attractive flowers and involved in a major floriculture of cut flowers and dry bulbs. Some species are poisonous if eaten and may cause serious complications, such as renal failure in household pets, especially cats.
/m/038w8	Stephen Grover Cleveland was the 22nd and 24th President of the United States; as such, he is the only president to serve two non-consecutive terms and to be counted twice in the numbering of the presidents. He was the winner of the popular vote for president three times—in 1884, 1888, and 1892—and was one of the two Democrats elected to the presidency in the era of Republican political domination dating from 1861 to 1933.\nCleveland was the leader of the pro-business Bourbon Democrats who opposed high tariffs, Free Silver, inflation, imperialism, and subsidies to business, farmers, or veterans. His crusade for political reform and fiscal conservatism made him an icon for American conservatives of the era. Cleveland won praise for his honesty, self-reliance, integrity, and commitment to the principles of classical liberalism. He relentlessly fought political corruption, patronage and bossism. Indeed, as a reformer his prestige was so strong that the like-minded wing of the Republican Party, called \"Mugwumps\", largely bolted the GOP presidential ticket and swung to his support in the 1884 election.
/m/0t015	Iowa City is a city in Johnson County, Iowa. As of the 2010 Census, the city had a total population of about 67,862; the Census Bureau estimated the 2012 population at 70,133, making it the fifth-largest city in the state. Iowa City is the county seat of Johnson County and home to the University of Iowa. Iowa City is adjacent to the town of Coralville, and surrounds the town of University Heights, with which it forms a contiguous urban area. Iowa City is the principal city of the Iowa City Metropolitan Statistical Area, which encompasses Johnson County and Washington County and has a population over 150,000.\nIowa City was the second capital of the Iowa Territory and the first capital city of the State of Iowa. The Old Capitol building is a National Historic Landmark in the center of the University of Iowa campus. The University of Iowa Art Museum and Plum Grove, the home of the first Governor of Iowa, are also tourist attractions. In 2008 Forbes Magazine named Iowa City the second-best small metropolitan area for doing business in the United States.
/m/098n5	Larry Gelbart was an American television writer, playwright, screenwriter and author, most famous as a creator and producer of the record-breaking hit TV show M*A*S*H.
/m/0g7k2g	Lorenzo Ferrero is a contemporary Italian composer, librettist, author, and book editor. He started composing at an early age and wrote over a hundred compositions thus far, including twelve operas, three ballets, and numerous orchestral, chamber music, solo instrumental, and vocal works. His musical idiom is characterized by eclecticism, stylistic versatility, and a neo-tonal language.
/m/05b4w	Norway, officially the Kingdom of Norway, is a Scandinavian unitary constitutional monarchy whose territory comprises the western portion of the Scandinavian Peninsula, Jan Mayen, the Arctic archipelago of Svalbard, and the sub-Antarctic Bouvet Island. Norway has a total area of 385,252 square kilometres and a population of a little above 5 million. It is the 2nd least densely populated country in Europe. The country shares a long eastern border with Sweden, which is the longest uninterrupted border within both Scandinavia & Europe at large. Norway is bordered by Finland and Russia to the north-east, and the Skagerrak Strait to the south, with Denmark on the other side. It shares maritime borders with Russia by the Barents Sea; Greenland, the Faroe Islands, and Iceland by the Norwegian Sea; and Sweden, Denmark, and the United Kingdom by the North Sea. Norway's extensive coastline, facing the North Atlantic Ocean and the Barents Sea, is laced with fjords, a renowned part of its landscape. The capital city Oslo is the largest in the nation, with a population of 630,000. Norway has extensive reserves of petroleum, natural gas, minerals, lumber, seafood, fresh water, and hydropower.
/m/0gjqq	The Socialist Unity Party of Germany was the governing party of the German Democratic Republic from its formation in 1949 until it was dissolved after the Peaceful Revolution in 1989.\nThe GDR functioned nominally as a multi-party state with the SED playing a central role. Other parties in alliance with the SED were the Christian Democratic Union, the Liberal Democratic Party, the Democratic Farmers' Party, and the National Democratic Party. In the 1980s, the SED rejected the liberalisation policies of Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev, such as perestroika and glasnost, which would lead to the GDR's isolation from the restructuring USSR and the party's downfall in the autumn of 1989.\nThe party's dominant figure from 1950 to 1971, and effective leader of East Germany, was Walter Ulbricht. In 1953, an uprising against the Party was met with violent suppression by the Ministry of State Security and the Soviet Army. In 1971, Ulbricht was succeeded by Erich Honecker who presided over a stable period in the development of the GDR until he was forced to step down during the 1989 revolution. The party's last leader, Egon Krenz, was unsuccessful in his attempt to retain the SED's hold on political governance of the GDR and was imprisoned after German reunification.
/m/03_3z4	The Egypt national football team, also known as The Pharaohs represents Egypt in association football and is governed by the Egyptian Football Association, the governing body for football in Egypt. Egypt's home ground is Cairo International Stadium in Cairo and their head coach is Shawky Gharib. They are the most successful African team at Confederation level, winning the ACN seven times: the inaugural ACN in Sudan in 1957, at home in 1959, 1986 and 2006, and in Burkina Faso in 1998, Ghana in 2008, and Angola in 2010. Egypt have been as high as 9th in the FIFA World Rankings, making them one of only two African national teams to enter the world top ten. Despite this, Egypt has so far made only two appearances in the World Cup, with no victories.
/m/09fc83	The Stand is a 1994 television miniseries based on the novel of the same name by Stephen King. King also wrote the teleplay, and has a cameo role in the series. It was directed by Mick Garris and stars Gary Sinise, Miguel Ferrer, Rob Lowe, Ossie Davis, Ruby Dee, Jamey Sheridan, Laura San Giacomo, Molly Ringwald, Corin Nemec, Adam Storke, Ray Walston and Matt Frewer. It originally aired on ABC starting on May 8, 1994.
/m/01rnpy	Dame Joan Ann Plowright, the Baroness Olivier, DBE, CBE, is an English actress whose career has spanned over six decades. She has won two Golden Globe Awards and a Tony Award and has been nominated for an Academy Award, an Emmy and two BAFTA Awards. She is also one of only four actresses to have won two Golden Globes in the same year.
/m/014v6f	Cuba Gooding, Jr. is an American film actor. He is perhaps best known for his portrayal of Rod Tidwell in Cameron Crowe's Jerry Maguire, for which he won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor. His performances in films such as Boyz n the Hood, As Good as It Gets, Men of Honor, and Lee Daniels' The Butler were also well received.
/m/065d1h	Eric Tsang MH, also known as Tsang Chi-wai, is a Hong Kong actor, film director, producer, and television host best known for hosting the variety show Super Trio series on the Hong Kong television network TVB over 18 years.
/m/016vh2	The caper story is a subgenre of crime fiction. The typical caper story involves one or more crimes perpetrated by the main characters in full view of the reader. The actions of police or detectives attempting to prevent or solve the crimes may also be chronicled, but are not the main focus of the story.\nThe caper story is distinguished from the straight crime story by elements of humor, adventure, or unusual cleverness or audacity. For instance, the Dortmunder stories of Donald E. Westlake are highly comic tales involving unusual thefts by a gang of offbeat characters — in different stories Dortmunder's gang steals the same gem several times, steals an entire branch bank, and kidnaps someone from an asylum by driving a stolen train onto the property. By contrast, the same author's Parker stories are grimly straightforward accounts of mundane crime — the criminal equivalent of the police procedural. Others, such as Lawrence Block's Bernie Rhodenbarr novels, feature a role reversal, an honest criminal and crooked cop, and the use of burglar Rhodenbarr criminal talents to solve murders.
/m/061k5	Parma is a city in the Italian region of Emilia-Romagna famous for its prosciutto, cheese, architecture and surrounding countryside. This is the home of the University of Parma, one of the oldest universities in the world. Parma is divided into two parts by the little stream with the same name. Parma's Etruscan name was adapted by Romans to describe the round shield called Parma.\nThe Italian poet Attilio Bertolucci wrote: \"As a capital city it had to have a river. As a little capital it received a stream, which is often dry\". The district on the far side of the river is Oltretorrente.
/m/0167xy	Thin Lizzy are an Irish rock band formed in Dublin in 1969. Two of the founding members, drummer Brian Downey and bass guitarist/vocalist Phil Lynott, met while still in school. Lynott assumed the role of frontman and led them throughout their recording career of twelve studio albums. Thin Lizzy are best known for their songs \"Whiskey in the Jar\", \"Jailbreak\" and \"The Boys Are Back in Town\", all major international hits still played regularly on hard rock and classic rock radio stations. After Lynott's death in 1986, various incarnations of the band have emerged over the years based initially around guitarists Scott Gorham and John Sykes, though Sykes left the band in 2009. Gorham later continued with a new line-up including Downey.\nLynott, Thin Lizzy's de facto leader, was composer or co-composer of almost all of the band's songs, and the first black Irishman to achieve commercial success in the field of rock music. Thin Lizzy boasted some of the most critically acclaimed guitarists throughout their history, with Downey and Lynott as the rhythm section, on the drums and bass guitar. As well as being multiracial, the band drew their members not only from both sides of the Irish border but also from both the Catholic and Protestant communities during The Troubles. Their music reflects a wide range of influences, including blues, soul music, psychedelic rock, and traditional Irish folk music, but is generally classified as hard rock or sometimes heavy metal. Rolling Stone magazine describes the band as distinctly hard rock, \"far apart from the braying mid-70s metal pack\".
/m/01w8sf	Ian Russell McEwan, CBE, FRSA, FRSL is an English novelist and screenwriter. In 2008, The Times featured him on their list of \"The 50 greatest British writers since 1945\".\nMcEwan began his career writing sparse, Gothic short stories. The Cement Garden and The Comfort of Strangers were his first two novels, and earned him the nickname \"Ian Macabre\". These were followed by three novels of some success in the 1980s and early 1990s. In 1997, he published Enduring Love, which was made into a film. He won the Man Booker Prize with Amsterdam. In 2001, he published Atonement, which was made into an Oscar-winning film. This was followed by Saturday, On Chesil Beach, Solar, and Sweet Tooth. In 2011, he was awarded the Jerusalem Prize.
/m/092ys_y	Tom Johnson is an American sound engineer. He has won two Academy Awards for Best Sound and has been nominated for six more in the same category. He has worked on over 110 films since 1983.
/m/01_bhs	Fast food is the term given to food that is prepared and served very quickly, first popularized in the 1950s in the United States. While any meal with low preparation time can be considered fast food, typically the term refers to food sold in a restaurant or store with preheated or precooked ingredients, and served to the customer in a packaged form for take-out/take-away. Fast food restaurants are traditionally separated by their ability to serve food via a drive-through. The term \"fast food\" was recognized in a dictionary by Merriam–Webster in 1951.\nOutlets may be stands or kiosks, which may provide no shelter or seating, or fast food restaurants. Franchise operations that are part of restaurant chains have standardized foodstuffs shipped to each restaurant from central locations.
/m/03l2n	Houston is the largest city in Texas and the fourth-largest city in the United States. According to the 2010 U.S. Census, the city had a population of over 2.1 million people within a land area of 599.6 square miles. Houston is the seat of Harris County, and its metropolitan area is the fifth-largest in the U.S., with over 6 million people.\nHouston was founded in 1836 on land near the banks of Buffalo Bayou and incorporated as a city on June 5, 1837. The city was named after former General Sam Houston, who was president of the Republic of Texas and had commanded and won at the Battle of San Jacinto 25 miles east of where the city was established. The burgeoning port and railroad industry, combined with oil discovery in 1901, has induced continual surges in the city's population. In the mid-twentieth century, Houston became the home of the Texas Medical Center—the world's largest concentration of healthcare and research institutions—and NASA's Johnson Space Center, where the Mission Control Center is located.\nHouston's economy has a broad industrial base in energy, manufacturing, aeronautics, and transportation. It is also leading in health care sectors and building oilfield equipment; only New York City is home to more Fortune 500 headquarters. The Port of Houston ranks first in the United States in international waterborne tonnage handled and second in total cargo tonnage handled. The city has a population from various ethnic and religious backgrounds and a large and growing international community. It is home to many cultural institutions and exhibits, which attract more than 7 million visitors a year to the Museum District. Houston has an active visual and performing arts scene in the Theater District and offers year-round resident companies in all major performing arts.
/m/0148xv	Hanging is the suspension of a person by a noose or ligature around the neck. The Oxford English Dictionary states that hanging in this sense is \"specifically to put to death by suspension by the neck\", though it formerly also referred to crucifixion and death by impalement in which the body would remain \"hanging\". Hanging has been a common method of capital punishment since medieval times, and is the official execution method in many countries and regions. In this specialized meaning of the common word hang, the past and past participle are usually taken to be hanged instead of hung.\nHanging oneself is a method of suicide in which a person applies a ligature to the neck and brings about unconsciousness and then death by suspension. Partial suspension or partial weight-bearing on the ligature is sometimes used, particularly in prisons or other institutions, where full suspension support is difficult to devise.
/m/0p17j	Victoria Davey \"Tori\" Spelling is an American actress and author. Her first major role was Donna Martin on Beverly Hills, 90210 in 1990. She appeared in a string of made-for-television films, such as A Friend to Die For and Mother, May I Sleep with Danger?. Spelling also rose to prominence through independent films such as The House of Yes, Trick and Cthulhu. She reprised her prominent role in the spinoff, 90210, in 2009.\nHer autobiography, sTORI Telling, debuted on top of the New York Times Best Seller list and was named the best celebrity autobiography of 2009.\nDivorced from playwright Charlie Shanian, Spelling is married to Dean McDermott. They have four children.
/m/0xhj2	Manchester is the largest city in the U.S. state of New Hampshire, the tenth largest city in New England, and the largest city in northern New England, an area comprising the states of Maine, New Hampshire, and Vermont. It is in Hillsborough County along the banks of the Merrimack River, which divides the city into eastern and western sections. Manchester is near the northern end of the Northeast megalopolis. As of the 2010 census, the city had a population of 109,565, and its 2012 population estimate was 110,209. The Manchester-Nashua metropolitan area, with an estimated population in 2012 of 402,922, is home to nearly one-third of the population of New Hampshire.\nManchester often appears favorably in lists ranking the affordability and livability of American cities. In 2009, CNNMoney.com rated Manchester 13th in a list of the 100 best cities to live and launch a business in the United States. In addition, Kiplinger voted Manchester the second most tax-friendly city in the United States, second only to Anchorage, Alaska. Also in 2009, Forbes magazine ranked the Manchester region first on its list of \"America's 100 Cheapest Places to Live.\" According to the Equality of Opportunity Project, released in 2013, Manchester ranked as the seventh best metropolitan area in terms of upward income mobility in the United States.
/m/03p85	Himachal Pradesh is a state in Northern India. It is spread over 21,495 sq mi, and is bordered by Jammu and Kashmir on the north, Punjab on the west and south-west, Haryana and Uttarakhand on the south-east and by the Tibet Autonomous Region on the east.\nHimachal Pradesh is famous for its abundant natural beauty. After the war between Nepal and Britain, also known as the Anglo-Gorkha War, the British colonial government came into power. In 1950 Himachal was declared a union territory, but after the State of Himachal Pradesh Act 1971, Himachal emerged as the 18th state of the Republic of India. Hima means snow in Sanskrit, and the literal meaning of the state's name is In the lap of Himalayas. It was named by Acharya Diwakar Datt Sharma, one of the great Sanskrit scholars of Himachal Pradesh.\nThe economy of Himachal Pradesh is currently the third fastest growing economy in India. Himachal Pradesh has been ranked fourth in the list of the highest per capita incomes of Indian states. The abundance of perennial rivers enables Himachal to sell hydroelectricity to other states such as Delhi, Punjab and Rajasthan. The economy of the state is highly dependent on three sources: hydroelectric power, tourism and agriculture.
/m/0fdtd7	The Golden Reel Award is a Canadian film award, presented to the Canadian film with the biggest box office gross of the year. The Canadian Motion Picture Distributors Association introduced this award in 1976 as part of the Canadian Film Awards until 1979. Since 1980, the Golden Reel has been part of the Genie Awards ceremonies.\nAs the economics of Canadian film production mean that the year's top-grossing Canadian film is often a francophone film from Quebec, the award often — although not always — goes to the same film as the Billet d'or, which is presented by the Jutra Awards to the top-grossing film from Quebec.
/m/041c4	John Marwood Cleese is an English actor, comedian, writer and film producer. He achieved success at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe and as a scriptwriter and performer on The Frost Report. In the late 1960s, he co-founded Monty Python, the comedy troupe responsible for the sketch show Monty Python's Flying Circus and the four Monty Python films: And Now for Something Completely Different, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Life of Brian and The Meaning of Life.\nIn the mid-1970s, Cleese and his first wife, Connie Booth, co-wrote and starred in the British sitcom Fawlty Towers. Later, he co-starred with Kevin Kline, Jamie Lee Curtis and former Python colleague Michael Palin in A Fish Called Wanda and Fierce Creatures. He also starred in Clockwise, and has appeared in many other films, including two James Bond films, two Harry Potter films, and the last three Shrek films.\nWith Yes Minister writer Antony Jay he co-founded Video Arts, a production company making entertaining training films.
/m/0df9z	The Holy Roman Emperor was the ruler of the Holy Roman Empire. The position evolved into an elected monarchy, but the emperor elect was until the 15th century required to be crowned by the Pope before assuming the imperial title. The title was held in conjunction with the rule of the Kingdom of Germany and the Kingdom of Italy. In the feudal hierarchy of medieval Europe, a Holy Roman Emperor was primus inter pares among the other Roman Catholic monarchs.
/m/0cf_h9	Patrick O'Neal was an American television, stage and film actor. He was also a successful New York restaurateur.
/m/04h41v	The Opposite of Sex is a 1998 film written and directed by Don Roos and stars Christina Ricci, Martin Donovan and Lisa Kudrow.
/m/01wkmgb	Bret Michael Sychak, professionally known as Bret Michaels, is an American singer-songwriter, musician, actor, director, screenwriter, producer, and reality television personality. He first gained fame as the lead vocalist of the glam metal band Poison who have sold over 30 million records worldwide and 15 million records in the United States alone. The band has also charted ten singles to the Top 40 of the Billboard Hot 100, including six Top 10 singles and the number-one single, \"Every Rose Has Its Thorn\".\nBesides his career as lead singer, he has several solo albums to his credit, including a soundtrack album to the movie A Letter from Death Row in which Michaels starred, wrote and directed in 1998, and a classic Poison-style rock album, Songs of Life, in 2003. Michaels has appeared in several movies and TV shows, including as a judge on the talent show Nashville Star which led to his country influenced rock album Freedom of Sound in 2005. He starred in the hit VH1 reality show Rock of Love with Bret Michaels and its sequels, which inspired his successful solo album Rock My World. He was also the winning contestant on NBC's reality show Celebrity Apprentice 3 and also featured in his own reality docu-series Bret Michaels: Life As I Know It, which inspired his highest charting album as a solo artist, Custom Built, reaching No. 1 on Billboard's Hard Rock list. He is also known for hosting on the Travel Channel.
/m/024tj	Clarence Brown was an American film director.
/m/011hq1	Sikkim is a landlocked Indian state located in the Himalayan mountains. The state borders Nepal to the west, China's Tibet Autonomous Region to the north and east, and Bhutan to the east. The Indian state of West Bengal lies to the south.\nWith 610,577 inhabitants as of the 2011 census, Sikkim is the least populous state in India and the second-smallest state after Goa in total area, covering approximately 7,096 km². Sikkim is nonetheless geographically diverse due to its location in the Himalayas; the climate ranges from subtropical to high alpine, and Kangchenjunga, the world's third-highest peak, is located on Sikkim's border with Nepal. Sikkim is a popular tourist destination, owing to its culture, scenery and biodiversity. It also has the only open land border between India and China. Sikkim's capital and largest city is Gangtok.\nAccording to legend, the Buddhist guru Padmasambhava visited Sikkim in the 8th century AD, introduced Buddhism and foretold the era of the Sikkimese monarchy. Sikkim's Namgyal dynasty was established in 1642. Over the next 150 years, the kingdom witnessed frequent raids and territorial losses to Nepalese invaders. In the 19th century, it allied itself with British India, eventually becoming a British protectorate. In 1975, a referendum abolished the Sikkimese monarchy, and the territory was merged with India.
/m/02_5h	Figure skating is a sport and activity in which individuals, duos, or groups perform on figure skates on ice. It was the first winter sport included in the Olympics, in 1908. The four Olympic disciplines are men's singles, ladies' singles, pair skating, and ice dancing. Non-Olympic disciplines include synchronized skating and four skating. In senior-level competition, skaters generally perform two programs which, depending on the discipline, may include spins, jumps, moves in the field, lifts, throw jumps, death spirals, and other elements or moves.\nThe blade has a groove on the bottom creating two distinct edges—inside and outside. In figure skating, the skater should skate on one edge of the blade and not on both at the same time, which is referred to as a flat edge. Skates used in single and pair skating have a set of large, jagged teeth called toe picks on the front of the blade. Ice dancing blades are an inch shorter in the rear and have smaller toe picks.\nFigure skaters compete at various levels from beginner up to the Olympic level at local, national, and international competitions. The International Skating Union regulates international figure skating judging and competitions. These include the Winter Olympic Games, the World Championships, the World Junior Championships, the European Championships, the Four Continents Championships, and the Grand Prix series.
/m/032016	Last Action Hero is a 1993 American action-comedy-fantasy film directed and produced by John McTiernan. It is a satire of the action genre and its clichés, containing several parodies of action films in the form of films within the film.\nThe film stars Arnold Schwarzenegger as Jack Slater, a fictional Los Angeles police detective. Slater is a fictional character even within the film, the hero of the Jack Slater series of action films. Austin O'Brien co-stars as a boy who is magically transported into a parallel universe inhabited by Slater and the other characters in the Slater film series. Schwarzenegger also plays himself as the actor portraying Jack Slater, and Charles Dance plays an assassin who escapes from the Slater world into the real world. Last Action Hero was a financial disappointment in its theatrical release.
/m/027hljt	Central Alberta is a region located in the Canadian province of Alberta.\nCentral Alberta is the most densely populated rural area in the province. Agriculture and energy make up an important part of the economy.
/m/0zdfp	Medford is a city in Jackson County, Oregon, United States. As of July 1, 2012, the city had a total population of 76,462 and a metropolitan area population of 207,010, making the Medford MSA the 4th largest metro area in Oregon. The city was named in 1883 by David Loring, civil engineer and right-of-way agent for the Oregon and California Railroad for his home town of Medford, Massachusetts, and in recognition of its supposed position on the middle ford of Bear Creek.\nMedford is the county seat of Jackson County.
/m/0czhv7	Mani Sharma Yanamandra is a music director known for his works in Telugu and Tamil films. He is popularly known as \"Melody Brahma\" for his contributions to music in Tollywood.
/m/016wzw	Peru, officially the Republic of Peru, is a country in western South America. It is bordered in the north by Ecuador and Colombia, in the east by Brazil, in the southeast by Bolivia, in the south by Chile, and in the west by the Pacific Ocean.\nPeruvian territory was home to ancient cultures spanning from the Norte Chico civilization, one of the oldest in the world, to the Inca Empire, the largest state in Pre-Columbian America. The Spanish Empire conquered the region in the 16th century and established a Viceroyalty with its capital in Lima, which included most of its South American colonies. After achieving independence in 1821, Peru has undergone periods of political unrest and fiscal crisis as well as periods of stability and economic upswing. Economic cycles have mostly been based on the extraction of raw materials like guano and rubber.\nPeru is a representative democratic republic divided into 25 regions. Its geography varies from the arid plains of the Pacific coast to the peaks of the Andes Mountains and the tropical forests of the Amazon Basin. It is a developing country with a high Human Development Index score and a poverty level around 25.8 percent. Its main economic activities include mining, manufacturing, agriculture and fishing.
/m/0k4kk	The Ten Commandments is a 1956 American religious epic film produced and directed by Cecil B. DeMille, shot in VistaVision, and released by Paramount Pictures. It dramatizes the biblical story of the life of Moses, an adopted Egyptian prince who becomes the deliverer of his real brethren, the enslaved Hebrews, and therefore leads the Exodus to Mount Sinai, where he receives, from God, the Ten Commandments. It stars Charlton Heston in the lead role, Yul Brynner as Rameses, Anne Baxter as Nefretiri, Edward G. Robinson as Dathan, Yvonne De Carlo as Sephora, Debra Paget as Lilia, and John Derek as Joshua; and features Sir Cedric Hardwicke as Sethi, Nina Foch as Bithiah, Martha Scott as Yochabel, Judith Anderson as Memnet, and Vincent Price as Baka, among others.\nFilmed on location in Egypt, Mount Sinai, and the Sinai Peninsula, the film is DeMille's last and most successful work. It is a partial remake of his 1923 silent film of the same title, and features one of the largest sets ever created for a film. At the time of its release on November 8, 1956, it was the most expensive film made up to that point.\nIn 1957, the film was nominated for seven Academy Awards including Best Picture, winning the Academy Award for Best Visual Effects. Charlton Heston was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture for his role as Moses. Yul Brynner won the National Board of Review Award for Best Actor for his role as Rameses and his other roles in Anastasia and The King and I. It is also one of the most financially successful films ever made, grossing approximately $122.7 million at the box office during its initial release; it was the most successful film of 1956 and the second-highest grossing film of the decade. According to Guinness World Records, in terms of theatrical exhibition it is the seventh most successful film of all-time when the box office gross is adjusted for inflation.
/m/0205dx	Daniel Lebern \"Danny\" Glover is an American actor, film director and political activist. Glover is well known for his roles as Mr. Albert Johnson in The Color Purple, as Michael Harrigan in Predator 2, as corrupt cop James McFee in Witness, as Detective Sergeant Roger Murtaugh in the Lethal Weapon film series, as Detective David Tapp in Saw, and as George Knox in Angels in the Outfield. He has also appeared in many other movies, television shows, and theatrical productions. He is an active supporter of various humanitarian and political causes.
/m/02r6nbc	The CWA Ian Fleming Steel Dagger is an annual award given by the British Crime Writers' Association for best thriller of the year. The award is sponsored by the estate of Ian Fleming and is given to \"best adventure/thriller novel in the vein of James Bond\".
/m/07l2m	The Tennessee Titans are a professional football team, one of the 32 franchises of the National Football League. Based in Nashville, Tennessee, the Titans are members of the South Division of the American Football Conference. Previously known as the Houston Oilers, the team began play in 1960 in Houston as a charter member of the American Football League. The Oilers won the first two AFL championships, and joined the NFL as part of the AFL-NFL Merger in 1970.\nThe team relocated from Texas to Tennessee in 1997, and played at Liberty Bowl Memorial Stadium in Memphis for one season. They moved to Nashville in 1998 and played in Vanderbilt Stadium. For those two years, the team was known as the Tennessee Oilers, and changed its name to \"Titans\" in 1999. The team plays at LP Field in Nashville, which opened in 1999 as Adelphia Coliseum. The Titans' training facility is at Saint Thomas Sports Park, a 31-acre site at the MetroCenter complex, located just north of downtown Nashville, about 5 miles from LP Field.
/m/01x3g	Criminology is the scientific study of the nature, extent, causes, control, and prevention of criminal behavior in both the individual and in society. Criminology is an interdisciplinary field in the behavioral sciences, drawing especially upon the research of sociologists, psychologists and psychiatrists, social anthropologists as well as on writings in law.\nAreas of research in criminology include the incidence, forms, causes and consequences of crime, as well as social and governmental regulations and reaction to crime. For studying the distribution and causes of crime, criminology mainly relies upon quantitative methods. The term criminology was coined in 1885 by Italian law professor Raffaele Garofalo as criminologia. Later, French anthropologist Paul Topinard used the analogous French term criminologie.
/m/07g9f	The X-Files is an American science fiction horror drama television series created by Chris Carter. The program originally aired from September 10, 1993 to May 19, 2002, spanning nine seasons and 202 episodes. The series revolves around FBI Special Agents Fox Mulder and Dana Scully investigating X-Files: marginalized, unsolved cases involving paranormal phenomena. Mulder believes in the existence of aliens and the paranormal while Scully, a skeptic, is assigned to make scientific analyses of Mulder's discoveries to debunk his work and thus return him to mainstream cases. Early in the series, both agents become pawns in a larger conflict and come to trust only each other. They develop a close relationship, which begins as a platonic friendship, but becomes a romance by series end. In addition to the series-spanning story arc, \"Monster-of-the-Week\" episodes form roughly two-thirds of the episodes. Such stand-alone episodes enrich the show's background while not affecting its ongoing mythology.\nThe X-Files was inspired by shows like Alfred Hitchcock Presents, The Twilight Zone, Night Gallery, Tales from the Darkside and especially Kolchak: The Night Stalker and The Invaders. When creating the main characters, Carter sought to reverse gender stereotypes by making Mulder a believer and Scully a skeptic. The first seven seasons featured Duchovny and Anderson equally. In the last two Anderson took precedence while Duchovny appeared intermittently, following a lawsuit. New main characters were introduced: FBI agents John Doggett and Monica Reyes. Mulder and Scully's boss, Assistant Director Walter Skinner, also became a main character. The first five seasons of The X-Files were filmed and produced in Vancouver, British Columbia, before eventually moving to Los Angeles, California to accommodate Duchovny.
/m/04q9w	The Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam, was a separatist militant organisation that was based in northern Sri Lanka. Founded in May 1976 by Velupillai Prabhakaran, it waged a secessionist nationalist campaign to create an independent state in the north and east of Sri Lanka for Tamil people. This campaign evolved into the Sri Lankan Civil War, which ran from 1983 until 2009, when the LTTE was defeated by the Sri Lankan Military.\nAt the height of its power, the LTTE possessed a well-developed militia and carried out many high-profile attacks, including the assassinations of several high-ranking Sri Lankan and Indian politicians. The LTTE was the only terrorist organisation to assassinate two world leaders: Sri Lankan President Ranasinghe Premadasa in 1993 and former Indian Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi in 1991, were integral parts of its pursuit to create a monoethnic Tamil Eelam. The LTTE invented the suicide belts and pioneered the use of women in suicide attacks, It was the first militant group to acquire air power and used light aircraft in some of its attacks. As a result of its tactics, it is currently proscribed as a terrorist organisation by 32 countries, including India, but has support amongst some Tamils in Tamil Nadu in India. University Teachers for Human Rights alleges that the LTTE has killed at least 8,000 fellow Tamils they accused of being traitors. LTTE founder Velupillai Prabhakaran headed the organisation from its inception until his death in 2009.²
/m/05p6ppv	The Goya Award for Best Spanish Language Foreign Film is one of the Goya Awards, Spain's principal national film awards.
/m/01h3dj	The French Third Republic was France from 1870, when the Second French Empire collapsed, to 1940, when France's defeat by Nazi Germany led to the Vichy France government. Vichy was replaced by the French Fourth Republic.\nThe early days of the Third Republic were dominated by the Franco-Prussian War, which the Republic continued to wage after the fall of the Emperor. Harsh reparations exacted by the Prussians after the war resulted in the loss of Alsace-Lorraine, social upheaval, and the establishment of the Paris Commune. Early governments of the Third Republic considered re-establishing the monarchy; however, confusion as to the nature of that monarchy, and who among the various deposed royal families would be awarded the throne, caused those talks to stall. Thus, the Third Republic, which was originally intended to be a transitional government, instead became the permanent government of France.\nThe French Constitutional Laws of 1875 gave the Third Republic its shape and form, consisting of a Chamber of Deputies and a Senate forming the legislature, and a President serving as the head of state. Issues over the re-establishment of the monarchy dominated the Presidency of the first two Presidents, Adolphe Thiers and Patrice de Mac-Mahon, though a series of republican presidents during the 1880s ended any hope of a monarchy. The Third Republic established many French colonial possessions as France acquired French Indochina, French Madagascar, French Polynesia, and large territories in West Africa during the Scramble for Africa, all acquired during the last two decades of the 19th century. The early years of the 20th century were dominated by the Democratic Republican Alliance, which was originally conceived as a centre-left political alliance, but which came to become the main centre-right party over time. The period from the start of World War I to the late 1930s featured sharply polarized politics, between the Democratic Republican Alliance and the more Radical socialists. The government fell during the early years of World War II, as the Germans occupied France and was replaced by the Vichy government of Philippe Pétain.
/m/0b79gfg	Matthew W. Mungle is an American make-up artist. He has been nominated four times for the Academy Award for Best Makeup, winning in 1992 for Bram Stoker's Dracula. He has also received 26 Emmy nominations, winning 6.\nMungle is a native of Atoka, Oklahoma, grew up and studied for two and a half years at Oklahoma State University before moving to Hollywood in 1977. He studied under make-up artist Joe Blasco, then became an instructor at Blasco's school and worked in low-budget horror films before his career moved into larger projects beginning with Edward Scissorhands in 1990. In addition to Dracula, he has also received Oscar nominations for his work on Schindler's List, Ghosts of Mississippi, and Albert Nobbs. In Albert Nobbs he used make-up and prosthetics for actresses Glenn Close and Janet McTeer portrayals of women pretending to be men.
/m/0276bn	The People's Democratic Party is a political party in Nigeria. Its policies generally lie towards the right wing of the political spectrum. It has won every Presidential election since 1999, and is the dominant party in the Fourth Republic amidst controversial circumstances.
/m/01gvts	Alice Doesn't Live Here Anymore is a 1974 American comedy-drama film directed by Martin Scorsese and written by Robert Getchell. It stars Ellen Burstyn as a widow who travels with her preteen son across the Southwestern United States in search of a better life, along with Alfred Lutter as her son and Kris Kristofferson as a man they meet along the way. This is Martin Scorsese's fourth film. The film co-stars Billy Green Bush, Diane Ladd, Valerie Curtin, Lelia Goldoni, Lane Bradbury, Vic Tayback, Jodie Foster, and Harvey Keitel.\nEllen Burstyn won the Academy Award for Best Actress and the BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role for her performance, and the film won the BAFTA Award for Best Film.
/m/087vz	Yugoslavia, was a country in Southeast Europe during most of the 20th century. It came into existence after World War I in 1918 under the name of Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes, by the merger of the provisional State of Slovenes, Croats and Serbs with the formerly independent Kingdom of Serbia and Kingdom of Montenegro. Serbian royal House of Karađorđević became the Yugoslav royal dynasty. Yugoslavia gained international recognition on 13 July 1922 at the Conference of Ambassadors in Paris. The country was named after South Slavic peoples as their first union ever, after centuries-long rules of the Ottoman Empire and Austria-Hungary on these territories.\nRenamed Kingdom of Yugoslavia on 3 October 1929, it was invaded by the Axis powers on 6 April 1941. In 1943, a Democratic Federal Yugoslavia was proclaimed by the Partisan resistance. In 1944, the king recognised it as the legitimate government, but in November 1945 the monarchy was abolished. Yugoslavia was renamed the Federal People's Republic of Yugoslavia in 1946, when a communist government was established. It acquired the territories of Istria, Rijeka, and Zadar from Italy. Leader of the Partisans Josip Broz Tito ruled the country as the president until his death in 1980. In 1963, the country was renamed again to the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.
/m/03ccq3s	The Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing for a Comedy Series is an annual award presented as part of the Primetime Emmy Awards. It recognizes writing excellence in regular comedic series, most of which can generally be described as situation comedies. It was first presented in 1955 as Outstanding Written Comedy Material.
/m/05yh_t	Vondie Curtis-Hall is an American actor and film director and television director.\nAs an actor, he is best known for his role as Dr. Dennis Hancock on the CBS medical drama Chicago Hope created by David E. Kelley.
/m/01tt27	Irem is a Japanese video game console developer and publisher, and formerly a developer and manufacturer of arcade games as well. The company has its headquarters in Hakusan, Ishikawa Prefecture.\nThe company is probably best known for Moon Patrol, the famous scrolling shooter R-Type and the earliest beat 'em up, Kung-Fu Master. They have been a popular developer in Japan with games like Photoboy for the TurboGrafx-16 and In the Hunt for the arcades, Sega Saturn, PlayStation, and PC. Irem is also known for making their arcade games extremely difficult, and most of them feature a dip switch that allows you to play a \"no death mode\" as a result, in order to allow gamers to be able to complete their tough games.\nAs a result of the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami, Irem canceled the majority of its remaining video game projects, including Zettai Zetsumei Toshi 4: Summer Memories and Poncotsu Roman Daikatsugeki Bumpy Trot 2. Irem re-focused to become primarily a slot-machine and pachinko developer, the industry it was in before turning to video games. Its video game division was dissolved in April 2011 and many Irem designers, including producer Kazuma Kujo, gathered to form a new company called Granzella to continue creating games.
/m/0tt6k	Cumberland, officially the City of Cumberland, is a western gateway city and seat of Allegany County, Maryland, and the primary city of the Cumberland, MD-WV Metropolitan Statistical Area. At the 2010 census, the city had a population of 20,859, and the metropolitan area had a population of 103,299. Cumberland is a regional business and commercial center for Western Maryland and the Potomac Highlands of West Virginia.\nHistorically Cumberland was known as the \"Queen City,\" as it was once Maryland's second largest city. Cumberland Maryland is often referred to as \"Where the South Begins.\" Because of its strategical location it served as a historical outfitting and staging point for westward emigrant trail migrations throughout the first half of the 1800s, allowing the settlement of the Ohio Country and the lands of the Louisiana Purchase, after the American Revolution. The Cumberland, MD-WV Metropolitan Statistical Area is one of the poorest in the United States, ranking 305th out of 318 metropolitan areas in per capita income.
/m/07wcy	The election of the President and the Vice President of the United States is an indirect vote in which citizens cast ballots for a slate of members of the U.S. Electoral College; these electors in turn directly elect the President and Vice President. Presidential elections occur quadrennially on Election Day, the Tuesday between November 2 and 8, coinciding with the general elections of various other federal, states and local races. The most recent was the 2012 election, held on November 6. The next election will be the 2016 election, which will be held on November 8, 2016.\nThe process is regulated by a combination of both federal and state laws. Each state is allocated a number of Electoral College electors equal to the number of its Senators and Representatives in the U.S. Congress. Additionally, Washington, D.C. is given a number of electors equal to the number held by the smallest state. U.S. territories are not represented in the Electoral College.\nUnder the U.S. Constitution, each state legislature is allowed to designate a way of choosing electors. Thus, the popular vote on Election Day is conducted by the various states and not directly by the federal government. Once chosen, the electors can vote for anyone, but – with rare exceptions like an unpledged elector or faithless elector – they vote for their designated candidates and their votes are certified by Congress, who is the final judge of electors, in early January.
/m/0421ng	Bullets Over Broadway is a 1994 American crime-comedy film written by Woody Allen and Douglas McGrath and directed by Woody Allen. It stars an ensemble cast including John Cusack, Dianne Wiest, Chazz Palminteri, and Jennifer Tilly.\nThe film was nominated for seven Academy Awards including Allen and co-writer Douglas McGrath for Original Screenplay, Allen for Director and Tilly and Palminteri for Supporting Actress and Actor respectively. Wiest won Best Supporting Actress for her performance, the second time Allen directed her to an Academy Award.\nIn February 2012 it was announced that Woody Allen was taking Bullets Over Broadway to Broadway as a musical. Allen, who co-wrote the film with Douglas McGrath, will pen the book himself. The score will feature existing period music.
/m/071h5c	Ben Anthony Foster is an English professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for West Bromwich Albion.\nFoster began his professional career in 2001 with Stoke City, having joined from Racing Club Warwick. However, he never made an appearance for Stoke, and spent time on loan with Bristol City, Tiverton Town, Stafford Rangers, Kidderminster Harriers and Wrexham. He switched permanently to Manchester United in July 2005, but again struggled to break into the first team, and he spent two successive seasons on loan to Watford from August 2005 until the end of the 06–07 season. Having played just 23 times for Manchester United, Foster switched to Birmingham City in May 2010. An ever-present in the league for Birmingham, Foster was also part of the Birmingham side who won the 2011 League Cup; he made a total of 43 appearances in that season. Following Birmingham's relegation to the Football League Championship at the end of the season, Foster was loaned to West Bromwich Albion, and moved there permanently in June 2012.\nInternationally, Foster made his international debut for England in February 2007 against Spain. Although he was regularly selected for the squad, he only made five appearances before retiring from international football in May 2011. However, he returned to international football in February 2013, and has since made one further appearance for his country.
/m/0nhr5	Dakota County is the third most populous county in the U.S. state of Minnesota. The county is bordered by the Minnesota and Mississippi Rivers on the north, and the state of Wisconsin on the east. Dakota County comprises the southeast portion of seven-county Minneapolis–Saint Paul, the sixteenth largest metropolitan area in the United States with about 3.3 million residents. As of the 2010 census, the population was 398,552. The county seat is Hastings.\nThe county was the site of historical events at Mendota that defined the state's future, including providing materials for the construction of Fort Snelling across the river and the signing of the Treaty of Traverse des Sioux which ceded land from the native Dakota nation for the Minnesota Territory. The county's history was initially tied to the confluence of the Mississippi and Minnesota Rivers, both strategically important for United States expansion and as the convergence of the Dakota and Ojibwe nations who regarded the site as sacred. Influence shifted westward during the post-World War II settlement boom when Interstate 35 connected the western half of the county to Minneapolis and Saint Paul and bedroom communities grew. Today, Dakota County has a population that exceeds Minneapolis's. Most work outside the county but like many metro counties, Dakota continues to absorb industry and jobs from the core cities.
/m/016ynj	Frederick George Peter Ingle Finch was a British-born Australian actor. He is best remembered for his role as \"crazed\" television anchorman Howard Beale in the film Network, which earned him a posthumous Academy Award for Best Actor, his fifth Best Actor award from the British Academy of Film and Television Arts, and a Best Actor award from the Golden Globes. He was the first of two people to win a posthumous Academy Award in an acting category; the other was Heath Ledger, also Australian.
/m/01w61th	Enrique \"Ricky\" Martín Morales, is a Puerto Rican pop musician, actor and author. Martin began his career at age twelve with the all-boy pop group Menudo; after five years with the group, he released several Spanish-language solo albums throughout the 1990s. He also acted on stage and on TV in Mexico, becoming a modest star in the country. In 1994 he starred on the American TV soap opera General Hospital, playing a Puerto Rican singer.\nIn late 1999, after releasing several albums in Spanish, Martin performed \"The Cup of Life\" at the 41st Grammy Awards show, which became a catalyst in bringing Latin pop to the forefront of the U.S. music scene. Following its success, Martin released \"Livin' la Vida Loca\" which helped him obtain enormous success worldwide and is generally seen as the song that began the Latin pop explosion of 1999 and made the transition of other Spanish-speaking artists into the English-speaking market easier. The song has sold over 8 million copies, making it one of the best selling singles of all time. His first English-language album, has sold 22 million copies and is one of the best selling albums of all time. His other studio albums include: Me Amarás, A Medio Vivir, Vuelve, Sound Loaded, Almas del Silencio, Life, and Música + Alma + Sexo.
/m/01ztgm	Dennis Keith Rodman is a retired American professional basketball player, who played for the Detroit Pistons, San Antonio Spurs, Chicago Bulls, Los Angeles Lakers, and Dallas Mavericks in the National Basketball Association. Born in Trenton, New Jersey, he was nicknamed \"The Worm\" and was known for his fierce defensive and rebounding abilities.\nRodman played at the small forward position in his early years before becoming a power forward. He earned NBA All-Defensive First Team honors seven times and won the NBA Defensive Player of the Year Award twice. He also led the NBA in rebounds per game for a record seven consecutive years and won five NBA championships. His biography at NBA.com states that he is \"arguably the best rebounding forward in NBA history.\" On April 1, 2011, the Pistons retired Rodman's No. 10 jersey, and he was inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame later that year.\nRodman experienced an unhappy childhood and was shy and introverted in his early years. After aborting a suicide attempt in 1993, he reinvented himself as a \"bad boy\" and became notorious for numerous controversial antics. He repeatedly dyed his hair in artificial colors, had many piercings and tattoos, and regularly disrupted games by clashing with opposing players and officials. He famously wore a wedding dress to promote his 1996 autobiography Bad As I Wanna Be. Rodman pursued a high-profile affair with singer Madonna and was briefly married to actress Carmen Electra.
/m/01lp8	Christianity is a monotheistic religion based on the life and oral teachings of Jesus as presented in the New Testament. Christianity is the world's largest religion, with approximately 2.2 billion adherents, known as Christians. Most Christians believe that Jesus is the Son of God, fully divine and fully human, and the saviour of humanity whose coming was prophesied in the Old Testament. Consequently, Christians refer to Jesus as Christ, which means \"Messiah.\"\nThe foundations of Christian theology are expressed in ecumenical creeds. These professions of faith state that Jesus suffered, died, was buried, and was resurrected from the dead in order to grant eternal life to those who believe in him and trust in him for the remission of their sins. The creeds further maintain that Jesus bodily ascended into heaven, where he reigns with God the Father. Most Christian denominations teach that Jesus will return to judge everybody, living and dead, and to grant eternal life to his followers. He is considered the model of a virtuous life. His ministry, crucifixion, and resurrection are often referred to as the \"gospel\", meaning \"good news\". The term gospel also refers to written accounts of Jesus' life and teaching, four of which—the Gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke and John—are considered canonical and included in Christian Bibles.
/m/02md_2	A head coach, senior coach, or manager is a professional at training and developing athletes. They typically hold a more public profile and are paid more than other coaches. In some sports such as association football, the head coach is usually called the manager, whilst in other sports such as Australian rules football they are generally termed a senior coach.\nOther coaches are usually subordinate to the head coach, often in offensive positions or defensive positions, and occasionally proceeding down into individualized position coaches.
/m/01cyd5	Phillips Exeter Academy is an elite, prestigious, American private college preparatory school for boarding and day students between the 9th and 12th grade. It is a large co-educational school, with over 1,000 students. It was founded in 1781 by John Phillips, a wealthy American merchant and early patron of schools.\nExeter is located in Exeter, New Hampshire, capital of the state during the American Revolutionary War, in the historic New England region, and is one of the oldest secondary schools in the United States. It is a member of the Ten Schools Admissions Organization, founded by ten leading American private preparatory schools in 1956, as well as the global G20 Schools group.\nExeter has a long list of distinguished former students. Mark Zuckerberg, founder of Facebook, novelist Dan Brown and novelist John Irving are amongst Exeter's notable living alumni. The school has educated generations of the upper-class New England establishment and the American political elite, although the school has made an effort to move away from this reputation and diversify its intake in recent years.\nExeter is particularly noted for its innovation and application of Harkness education, a system based on a conference format of teacher and student interaction, similar to the Socratic method of learning through asking questions and creating discussions. The Harkness method and table is used in every subject taught at the school, and has been widely replicated in private secondary schools throughout the region.
/m/0ylzs	Hertford College is a constituent college of the University of Oxford in England. It is located on Catte Street in the centre of Oxford, directly opposite the main gate to the Bodleian Library. The College is known for its iconic bridge, the Bridge of Sighs.\nAs of 2012, the college had a financial endowment of £42.6m.\nThere are 612 students, plus various visiting students from universities all over the world. Some famous alumni include William Tyndale, John Donne, Thomas Hobbes, Jonathan Swift and Evelyn Waugh.
/m/02fz3w	Martin John Christopher Freeman is an English actor. He is best known for his portrayals of Tim Canterbury in The Office, Dr. Watson in Sherlock, and Bilbo Baggins in Peter Jackson's The Hobbit film trilogy.\nHis other notable film roles include Love Actually, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, Nativity!, and the Three Flavours Cornetto trilogy, most prominently in The World's End.
/m/0k95h	Pathological increase in blood pressure; a repeatedly elevated blood pressure exceeding 140 over 90 mmHg.
/m/02p21g	Kathleen Mary \"Kathy\" Griffin is an Emmy and Grammy Award-winning American actress and comedian. Born in Oak Park, Illinois, she moved in 1978 to Los Angeles, where she studied drama at the Lee Strasberg Theatre and Film Institute and became a member of the improvisational comedy troupe The Groundlings. In the 1990s, Griffin began performing as a standup comedian and also appeared as a guest star on several television shows. She achieved recognition in a supporting role on the NBC sitcom Suddenly Susan.\nHer breakthrough came on the Bravo reality show Kathy Griffin: My Life on the D-List, which became a ratings hit for the network and earned her two Emmy Awards for Outstanding Reality Program. Griffin has released six comedy albums, with all of them receiving Grammy Award nominations. Her first album, For Your Consideration, made her the first female comedian to debut at the top of the Billboard Top Comedy Albums chart. In 2009, she released her autobiography Official Book Club Selection: A Memoir According to Kathy Griffin, which topped The New York Times Best Seller list.\nGriffin has taped numerous standup specials with HBO and Bravo. For the latter network, she has recorded 16 specials, breaking the record for the number of specials in any network. In 2011, she also became the first comedian to have four televised specials in a year. Besides her comedy career, she is an LGBT activist involved in causes such as same-sex marriage and the repeal of \"Don't ask, don't tell\". She has also participated in two USO tours. Influenced by acts such as Joan Rivers and Don Rickles, Griffin is known for her conversational style and controversial statements on celebrities, religion and sexuality. After being nominated for six years in a row for \"Best Comedy Album\", she at last won the Grammy in 2014.
/m/05clg8	Universal Motown Republic Group, also abbreviated as UMRG, was an umbrella label founded in 1999 by Universal Music Group to oversee the labels assigned to its unit. UMRG was formed in 1999 by pooling together Universal Records, Motown Records, and Republic Records, but which gave way to the current incarnations of those labels at the time, Universal Motown Records and Universal Republic Records.\nUniversal Motown Republic Group was one of the three Universal Music Group umbrella units in North America to deal primarily with mainstream pop, rock, and urban performers; the others being: The Island Def Jam Music Group and Interscope-Geffen-A&M. Barry Weiss served as Chairman & CEO of the Company. In the summer of 2011, changes were made at the Universal Motown Republic Group umbrella, Motown Records was separated from Universal Motown Records and the umbrella label and merged into the The Island Def Jam Music Group, making Universal Republic Records a stand alone label and shutting down Universal Motown Republic Group.
/m/0jw67	Michael Francis Moore is an American filmmaker, author, social critic, and political activist. He is the director and producer of Fahrenheit 9/11, which is the highest-grossing documentary of all time and winner of the Palme d'Or. His films Bowling for Columbine and Sicko also placed in the top ten highest-grossing documentaries, and the former won the Academy Award for Documentary Feature. In September 2008, he released his first free movie on the Internet, Slacker Uprising, which documented his personal quest to encourage more Americans to vote in presidential elections. He has also written and starred in the TV shows TV Nation and The Awful Truth.\nMoore's written and cinematic works criticize globalization, large corporations, assault weapon ownership, U.S. Presidents Bill Clinton and George W. Bush, the Iraq War, the American health care system, and capitalism.
/m/0dv9v	The Newcastle metropolitan area is the second most populated area in the Australian state of New South Wales and includes most of the Newcastle and Lake Macquarie local government areas. It is the hub of the Greater Newcastle area which includes most parts of the local government areas of City of Newcastle, City of Lake Macquarie, City of Cessnock, City of Maitland and Port Stephens Council.\n162 kilometres NNE of Sydney, at the mouth of the Hunter River, it is the predominant city within the Hunter Region. Famous for its coal, Newcastle is the largest coal exporting harbour in the world, exporting over 97 Mt of coal in 2009–10 with plans to expand annual capacity to 180 Mt by 2013. Beyond the city, the Hunter Region possesses large coal deposits. Geologically, the area is located in the central-eastern part of the Sydney basin.
/m/049sb	Kareem Abdul-Jabbar is a retired American professional basketball player who played 20 seasons in the National Basketball Association for the Milwaukee Bucks and Los Angeles Lakers. During his career as a center, Abdul-Jabbar was a record six-time NBA Most Valuable Player, a record 19-time NBA All-Star, a 15-time All-NBA selection, and an 11-time NBA All-Defensive Team member. A member of six NBA championship teams as a player and two as an assistant coach, Abdul-Jabbar twice was voted NBA Finals MVP. In 1996, he was honored as one of the 50 Greatest Players in NBA History. NBA coach Pat Riley and player Isiah Thomas have called him the greatest basketball player of all time.\nAfter winning 71 consecutive basketball games on his high school team in New York City, Lew Alcindor attended college at UCLA, where he played on three consecutive national championship basketball teams and was a three-time MVP of the NCAA Tournament. Drafted by the one-season old Bucks franchise in the 1969 NBA Draft with the first overall pick, Alcindor spent six seasons in Milwaukee. After winning his first NBA championship in 1971, he adopted the Muslim name Kareem Abdul-Jabbar at age 24. Using his trademark \"skyhook\" shot, he established himself as one of the league's top scorers. In 1975, he was traded to the Lakers, with whom he played the last 14 seasons of his career and won five NBA championships. Abdul-Jabbar's offensive contributions were a key component in the \"Showtime\" era of Laker basketball.
/m/0n6bs	Huntington is a city in the U.S. state of West Virginia. A major river port, the city is in Cabell and Wayne counties at the confluence of the Guyandotte River and the Ohio River. The first permanent settlement, Holderby's Landing, was founded in 1775 in what was then the Colony of Virginia. The City of Huntington was founded as the western terminus of the Chesapeake and Ohio Railway in 1871.\nAs of the 2010 census, the metropolitan area is the largest in West Virginia. It spans 7 counties across 3 states, with a population of 365,419. Huntington is the largest city in the MSA and the second largest city in West Virginia, with a population of 49,138 at the 2010 census. The Huntington-Charleston TV market is the 64th-largest in the nation.\nThe city is the home of Marshall University as well as the Huntington Museum of Art; the Big Sandy Superstore Arena; the Huntington District-U.S. Army Corps of Engineers; the Collis P. Huntington Historical Society and Railroad Museum; Camden Park, one of the world's oldest amusement parks; the headquarters of the CSX Transportation-Huntington Division, the largest division in the CSX network; and the Port of Huntington-Tristate, the largest river port in the United States.
/m/0vkl2	SOAS, University of London (the School of Oriental and African Studies) is the only Higher Education institution in the UK specialising in the study of Asia, Africa and the Near and Middle East. SOAS is a remarkable institution. Uniquely combining language scholarship, disciplinary expertise and regional focus, it has the largest concentration in Europe of academic staff concerned with Africa, Asia and the Middle East. On the one hand, this means that SOAS remains a guardian of specialised knowledge in languages and periods and regions not available anywhere else in the UK. On the other hand, it means that SOAS scholars grapple with pressing issues - democracy, development, human rights, identity, legal systems, poverty, religion, social change - confronting two-thirds of humankind. This makes SOAS synonymous with intellectual enquiry and achievement. It is a global academic base and a crucial resource for London. We live in a world of shrinking borders and of economic and technological simultaneity. Yet it is also a world in which difference and regionalism present themselves acutely. It is a world that SOAS is distinctively positioned to analyse, understand and explain. Our academic focus on the languages, cultures and societies of Africa, Asia and the Middle East makes us an indispensable interpreter in a complex world.
/m/073749	Jennifer Coolidge is an American actress and comedian, known for playing \"Stifler's mom\", the MILF in the film American Pie; Hilary Duff's stepmother in A Cinderella Story; Paulette, the manicurist in Legally Blonde and its sequel; the voice of Aunt Fanny in the animated feature Robots; for her role in The Secret Life of the American Teenager as Betty; and for her regular role in the NBC sitcom Joey as Joey's agent, Bobbie Morganstern. She is also a regular actor in Christopher Guest's mockumentary films. Coolidge is an alumna of The Groundlings, an improv and sketch comedy troupe based in Los Angeles. She stars in the CBS sitcom 2 Broke Girls as Sophie, Max and Caroline's Polish upstairs neighbor who owns a cleaning business.
/m/037h1k	Rough Trade Records is an independent record label based in London. It was formed in 1978 by Geoff Travis who had opened a record store off Ladbroke Grove. Having successfully promoted and sold records by punk, very early indie pop and early post punk bands such as Buzzcocks, The Smiths and Desperate Bicycles, Travis began to manage acts and distribute bands such as Scritti Politti and began the label, which was informed by left-wing politics and structured as a co-operative. Soon after, Rough Trade also set up a distribution arm that serviced independent retail outlets across Britain, a network that became known as the Cartel.\nInterest and investment of major labels in the UK indie scene in the late 1980s, as well as overtrading on behalf of Rough Trade's distribution wing, led to cash flow problems, and eventually to bankruptcy, forcing the label into receivership. However, Travis resurrected the label in the late 90s, finding success with The Libertines, The Strokes and Antony and the Johnsons.
/m/012wgb	Ireland is an island in the Atlantic off the north-western coast of continental Europe. It is the third-largest island in Europe and the twentieth-largest island on Earth. To its east is the island of Great Britain, from which it is separated by the Irish Sea and North Channel.\nPolitically, Ireland is divided between the Republic of Ireland, which covers five-sixths of the island, and Northern Ireland, a part of the United Kingdom, which covers the remaining area and is located in the north-east of the island. The population of Ireland is approximately 6.4 million. Just under 4.6 million live in the Republic of Ireland and just over 1.8 million live in Northern Ireland.\nThe island's geography comprises relatively low-lying mountains surrounding a central plain, with several navigable rivers extending inland. The island has lush vegetation, a product of its mild but changeable oceanic climate, which avoids extremes in temperature. Thick woodlands covered the island until medieval times. As of 2013, the amount of land that is forested in Ireland is about 11% of the total land area, compared with European average of 35%. There are twenty-six extant mammal species native to Ireland.
/m/0gs973	Inkheart is a 2008 adventure fantasy film directed by Iain Softley and starring Brendan Fraser, Eliza Bennett, Paul Bettany, Helen Mirren, Andy Serkis, Jim Broadbent, and Sienna Guillory. It is based on Cornelia Funke's novel with the same name. The film was released on 12 December 2008 in the UK and 23 January 2009 in the US.
/m/0q9b0	Man on the Moon is a 1999 American biographical comedy-drama film about the late American entertainer Andy Kaufman, starring Jim Carrey. The film was directed by Miloš Forman and also features Danny DeVito, Courtney Love and Paul Giamatti. DeVito worked with Kaufman on the Taxi television series, and other members of that show's cast, including Marilu Henner, Judd Hirsch, Christopher Lloyd and Jeff Conaway, make cameo appearances in the film, playing themselves. The film also features Patton Oswalt before he became famous.\nThe story traces Kaufman's steps from childhood through the comedy clubs, and television appearances that made him famous, including his memorable appearances on Saturday Night Live, Late Night with David Letterman, Fridays, and his role as Latka Gravas on the Taxi sitcom, which was popular for viewers but disruptive for Kaufman's co-stars. The film pays particular attention to the various inside jokes, scams, put-ons, and happenings for which Kaufman was famous, most significantly his long-running feud with wrestler Jerry \"The King\" Lawler and his portrayal of the bawdy lounge singer Tony Clifton.\nAlthough the film received mixed reviews, Carrey received critical acclaim for his chameleonic performance and won a Golden Globe, his second win in a row after receiving an award for The Truman Show. He was nominated in the Musical/Comedy category for Man on the Moon, and remarked in his acceptance speech that he thought the film was a drama at heart, an opinion shared by others, but also a reference to how Kaufman saw himself as a \"song and dance man\".
/m/03_fk9	Vittorio Storaro, A.S.C., A.I.C. is an Italian cinematographer.\nIn 2003, a survey conducted by the International Cinematographers Guild judged Storaro one of history's ten most influential cinematographers.
/m/047sgz4	This is a list of the winning and nominated programs of the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Main Title Theme Music.
/m/05kwx2	Timothy Leonard Spall, OBE is an English character actor and occasional presenter. Some of his more high-profile roles include Peter Pettigrew in the Harry Potter film series, Winston Churchill in the The King's Speech, Peter Taylor in The Damned United, Beadle Bamford in Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street and his own documentary Timothy Spall: Back at Sea. He also had a lead role in the Palme d'Or winning, five-time Academy Award nominated 1996 film, Secrets & Lies, had a supporting role in The Last Samurai, released in 2003, and played the lead role in Pierrepoint which was released in 2005.
/m/07l24	The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are a professional American football franchise based in Tampa, Florida, U.S. They are currently members of the South Division of the National Football Conference in the National Football League – they are the only team in the division not to come from the old NFC West. The team, along with the Seattle Seahawks, joined the NFL in 1976 as an expansion team. The Bucs played their first season in the AFC West as part of the 1976 expansion plan. After the season, they switched conferences with the Seattle Seahawks and became part of the NFC. The club is currently owned by Malcolm Glazer. They play their home games at Raymond James Stadium in Tampa.\nThe Buccaneers are the first post-merger expansion team to win a division title, win a playoff game, and to host and play in a conference championship game, this was accomplished during the 1979 season. They are also the first team since the merger to complete a winning season when starting 10 or more rookies, which happened in the 2010 season. In 1976 and 1977, The Buccaneers lost their first 26 games. After a brief winning era in the late 1970s and early 1980s, the team suffered through 14 consecutive losing seasons. Then, for a 10-year period, they were consistent playoff contenders and won Super Bowl XXXVII at the end of the 2002 season, but have not yet returned to the Super Bowl; thus the Bucs, along with the New Orleans Saints and New York Jets, are the only NFL teams to win their lone Super Bowl appearance.
/m/06x4c	Sugar is the generalized name for a class of chemically-related sweet-flavored substances, most of which used in food. They are carbohydrates, composed of carbon, hydrogen, and oxygen. There are various types of sugar derived from different sources. Simple sugars are called monosaccharides and include glucose, fructose and galactose. The table or granulated sugar most customarily used as food is sucrose, a disaccharide. Other disaccharides include maltose and lactose. Chemically-different substances may also have a sweet taste, but are not classified as sugars. Some are used as lower-calorie food substitutes for sugar described as artificial sweeteners.\nSugars are found in the tissues of most plants, but are only present in sufficient concentrations for efficient extraction in sugarcane and sugar beet. Sugarcane is a giant grass and has been cultivated in tropical climates in the Far East since ancient times. A great expansion in its production took place in the 18th century with the layout of sugar plantations in the West Indies and Americas. This was the first time that sugar became available to the common people who previously had to rely on honey to sweeten foods. Sugar beet is a root crop, is cultivated in cooler climates, and became a major source of sugar in the 19th century when methods for extracting the sugar became available. Sugar production and trade have changed the course of human history in many ways. It influenced the formation of colonies, the perpetuation of slavery, the transition to indentured labour, the migration of peoples, wars between sugar trade-controlling nations in the 19th century, and the ethnic composition and political structure of the new world.
/m/01vvydl	Andre Romelle Young, known by his stage name Dr. Dre, is an American record producer, rapper and entrepreneur. He is the founder and current CEO of Aftermath Entertainment and Beats Electronics. Dre was previously the co-owner of, and an artist on, Death Row Records. He has produced albums for and overseen the careers of many rappers, including Snoop Dogg, Eminem, Xzibit, 50 Cent, The Game and more recently Kendrick Lamar. He is credited as a key figure in the popularization of West Coast G-funk, a style of rap music characterized as synthesizer-based with slow, heavy beats. In 2011, Dr. Dre was ranked as the third richest figure in the American hip hop scene by Forbes with a net worth of $250 million.\nDre began his career as a member of the World Class Wreckin' Cru and later found fame with the influential gangsta rap group N.W.A with Eazy-E, Ice Cube, MC Ren, and DJ Yella, which popularized the use of explicit lyrics in rap to detail the violence of street life. His 1992 solo debut The Chronic, released under Death Row Records, led him to become one of the best-selling American performing artists of 1993 and to win a Grammy Award for the single \"Let Me Ride\". That same year he produced Death Row labelmate Snoop Dogg's quadruple platinum debut Doggystyle.
/m/01b8bn	The John W. Campbell Award for Best New Writer is an award given annually to the best new writer whose first professional work of science fiction or fantasy was published within the two previous calendar years. The prize is named in honor of science fiction editor and writer John W. Campbell, whose science fiction writing and role as editor of Analog Science Fiction and Fact made him one of the most influential editors in the early history of science fiction. The award is sponsored by Dell Magazines, which publishes Analog. The nomination and selection process is administered by the World Science Fiction Society represented by the current Worldcon committee, and the award is presented at the Hugo Award ceremony at the Worldcon, although it is not itself a Hugo Award.\nMembers of the current and previous Worldcon are eligible to nominate new writers for the Campbell Award under the same procedures as the Hugo Awards. Initial nominations are made by members in January through March, at which point a shortlist is made of the five most-nominated writers, with additional nominees possible in the case of ties. Voting on the ballot of five nominations is performed roughly in April through July, subject to change depending on when that year's Worldcon is held. Writers become eligible once they have a work published anywhere in the world which was sold for more than a nominal amount. While final decisions on eligibility are decided by the WSFS, the given criteria for an author to be eligible are specifically defined as someone who has had a written work in a publication which had more than 10,000 readers and which paid the writer at least 3 cents per word and a total of at least 50 US dollars.
/m/0g_bh	Post-rock is a subgenre of rock music characterized by the influence and use of instruments commonly associated with rock, but using rhythms and \"guitars as facilitators of timbre and textures\" not traditionally found in rock. Post-rock bands are often without vocals.\nDon Caballero and Tortoise were among the more prominent bands described as post-rock in the 1990s, but their styles are very different, despite being instrumental bands centered on guitars and drums. As such, the term has been the subject of backlash from listeners and artists alike.\nAlthough firmly rooted in the indie or underground scene of the 1980s and early '90s, post-rock's style often bears little resemblance musically to that of contemporary indie rock.
/m/035d1m	Whitewater slalom is a competitive sport where the aim is to navigate a decked canoe or kayak through a course of hanging gates on river rapids in the fastest time possible. It is one of the two kayak and canoeing disciplines at the Summer Olympics, and is referred to by the International Olympic Committee as Canoe/Kayak slalom. The other Olympic canoeing discipline is canoe sprint. There is also wildwater, a non-Olympic paddlesport. Whitewater slalom racing started in Europe and in the 1940s, the International Canoe Federation was formed to govern the sport. The first World Championships were held in 1949 in Switzerland. From 1949 to 1999, the championships were held every odd-numbered year and have been held annually in non-Summer Olympic years since 2002. Folding kayaks were used from 1949 to 1963; and in the early 1960s, boats were made of fiberglass, and nylon. Boats were heavy, usually over 65 pounds. With the advent of kevlar and carbon fiber being used in the 1970s, the widths of the boats were reduced by the ICF, and the boats were reduced in volume to pass the gates, and boats have become much lighter and faster. From 1949 to 1977, all World Championships were held in Europe. The first World Championship held in North America was held at Jonquiere, in Quebec, Canada in 1979.
/m/03__77	The Uzbekistan national football team represents Uzbekistan in association football and is controlled by the Uzbekistan Football Federation, the governing body for football in Uzbekistan. Uzbekistan's home ground is Pakhtakor Markaziy Stadium in Tashkent and their current head coach is Mirjalol Qosimov. Uzbekistan have never qualified to the final stages of the World Cup.
/m/05css_	Saboteur is a 1942 Universal spy thriller film directed by Alfred Hitchcock with a screenplay written by Peter Viertel, Joan Harrison and Dorothy Parker. The film stars Priscilla Lane, Robert Cummings and Norman Lloyd.
/m/02zcnq	California State University, Sacramento, founded in 1947 as Sacramento State College, is a public comprehensive university in the city of Sacramento, the capital city of the U.S. state of California, and is the eleventh oldest school in the 23 campus California State University system. The university enrolls approximately 28,000 students annually, has an alumni base of 215,000 and awards 7,000 degrees annually. The university offers 151 different Bachelor's degrees, 69 Master's degrees, 28 types of teaching credentials, and 2 Doctoral degrees including an Ed.D and a DPT. The university also has extensions in Singapore, offering a unique IMBA.\nThe campus is consistently one of the top three destinations among all universities in the state for California Community College students, welcoming over 4,000 new transfers each academic year.\nSacramento State is designated as a \"Center of Academic Excellence\" by the Department of Homeland Security and the National Security Agency. Sacramento State is also member of the American Association of State Colleges and Universities and the Association of Public and Land-Grant Universities. The university has over 30 research centers & institutes. Sacramento State contributes close to $1 billion annually, on average, to the Sacramento Region.
/m/07y2b	United Paramount Network was an American broadcast television network that launched on January 16, 1995. The network was originally owned by Chris-Craft Industries/United Television; Viacom turned the network into a joint venture in 1996 after acquiring a 50% stake in the network, and then purchased Chris-Craft's stake in the network in 2000; UPN was spun off to CBS Corporation in December 2005, when CBS and Viacom split up into two separate companies.\nUPN shut down on September 15, 2006, with some of its programs moving three days later to The CW – a joint venture between CBS Corporation and Time Warner.
/m/020yvh	Groton School is a private, Episcopalian, college preparatory boarding school located in Groton, Massachusetts, United States It enrolls approximately 371 boys and girls, from the eighth through twelfth grades.\nThe school is a member of the Independent School League and is universally recognized as one of the most selective and elite boarding schools in New England and one of the world's top high schools for preparing students to enter elite American universities.
/m/0djlxb	I'm Not There is a 2007 biographical musical film directed by Todd Haynes, inspired by American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan. Six actors depict different facets of Dylan's life and public persona: Christian Bale, Cate Blanchett, Marcus Carl Franklin, Richard Gere, Heath Ledger, and Ben Whishaw. At the start of the film, a caption reads: \"Inspired by the music and the many lives of Bob Dylan\". Besides song credits, this is the only time Dylan's name appears in the film.\nThe film tells its story using non-traditional narrative techniques, intercutting the storylines of the six different Dylan-inspired characters. The title of the film is taken from the 1967 Dylan Basement Tape recording, \"I'm Not There\", a song that had not been officially released until it appeared on the film's soundtrack album. The film received a generally favorable response, and appeared on several top ten film lists for 2007, topping the lists for The Village Voice, Entertainment Weekly, Salon and The Boston Globe. Particular praise went to Cate Blanchett for her performance, culminating in a Volpi Cup from the Venice Film Festival, the Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress, along with an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress nomination.
/m/0155w	Blues is the name given to both a musical form and a music genre that originated in African-American communities of primarily the \"Deep South\" of the United States around the end of the 19th century from spirituals, work songs, field hollers, shouts and chants, and rhymed simple narrative ballads. The blues form, ubiquitous in jazz, rhythm and blues, and rock and roll is characterized by specific chord progressions, of which the twelve-bar blues chord progression is the most common. The blue notes that, for expressive purposes are sung or played flattened or gradually bent in relation to the pitch of the major scale, are also an important part of the sound.\nThe blues genre is based on the blues form but possesses other characteristics such as specific lyrics, bass lines, and instruments. Blues can be subdivided into several subgenres ranging from country to urban blues that were more or less popular during different periods of the 20th century. Best known are the Delta, Piedmont, Jump, and Chicago blues styles. World War II marked the transition from acoustic to electric blues and the progressive opening of blues music to a wider audience, especially white listeners. In the 1960s and 1970s, a hybrid form called blues-rock evolved.
/m/036hnm	The Pontifical and Royal University of Santo Tomas, The Catholic University of the Philippines is a private, Roman Catholic, teaching and research university run by the Order of Preachers in Manila. Founded on 28 April 1611 by archbishop of Manila Miguel de Benavides, it has the oldest extant university charter in the Philippines and in Asia and is one of the world's largest Catholic universities in terms of enrollment found on one campus. UST is also the largest university in the city of Manila. As the only Pontifical University in Asia, UST is the only university to have been visited by two popes three times: once by Pope Paul VI on Nov. 28, 1970, and twice by Pope John Paul II on Feb. 18, 1981 and January 13, 1995.\nThe University is composed of several autonomous faculties, colleges, schools and institutes, each conferring undergraduate, graduate and postgraduate degrees, and the basic education units. Several degrees have been accredited by the Commission on Higher Education as Centers of Excellence and Centers of Development. In August 2012, it was awarded Institutional Accreditation by the Federation of Accrediting Agencies of the Philippines.
/m/0dhf5	Malacca is the third smallest Malaysian state after Perlis and Penang. It is located in the southern region of the Malay Peninsula, next to the Straits of Malacca. It borders Negeri Sembilan to the north and Johor to the south. The capital is Malacca City, which is 148 kilometres south east of Malaysia's capital city Kuala Lumpur, 235 kilometres north west to Johor's largest city Johor Bahru, and 95 km north west to Johor's second largest city, Batu Pahat. This historical city centre has been listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site since 7 July 2008.\nAlthough it was the location of one of the earliest Malay sultanates, the monarchy was abolished when the Portuguese conquered it in 1511. The head of state is the Yang di-Pertua Negeri or Governor, rather than a Sultan.
/m/06x2ww	Universal Music Group Nashville is Universal Music Group's country music subsidiary. Some of the labels in this group include MCA Nashville Records, Mercury Nashville Records, and Lost Highway Records. UMG Nashville not only handles these imprints, but also manages the country music catalogues of record labels Universal Music and predecessor companies acquired over the years including ABC Records, Decca Records, Dot Records, DreamWorks Records, Kapp Records, MGM Records, Polydor Records, and Capitol Nashville
/m/02k6pv	The German Army is the land component of the armed forces of the Federal Republic of Germany. The German Army was founded in 1955 as part of the newly formed West German Bundeswehr along with the Marine and the Luftwaffe. As of June 2013, the German Army has a strength of 62,279 soldiers.
/m/01wyq0w	Bob Ludwig is an American mastering engineer. He is a well-known and respected figure within the music industry.\nThroughout his career, he has mastered recordings on all the major recording formats for all the major record labels, and on projects for more than 1,300 artists including Led Zeppelin, Rush, Jimi Hendrix, The Police, Paul McCartney, Eric Clapton, Rolling Stones, Def Leppard, Nirvana, The Who, Bruce Springsteen, Dire Straits and Daft Punk.
/m/04yg13l	Ironclad is a 2011 adventure film directed by Jonathan English. Written by English and Erick Kastel, based on a screenplay by Stephen McDool, the cast includes Paul Giamatti, James Purefoy, Brian Cox, Vladimir Kulich, Mackenzie Crook, Jason Flemying, Derek Jacobi and Kate Mara. The film chronicles the siege of Rochester Castle by King John in 1215. The film was shot entirely in Wales in 2009, produced on a budget of $25 million.
/m/0q19t	Delft University of Technology, also known as TU Delft, is the largest and oldest Dutch public technical university, located in Delft, Netherlands. With eight faculties and numerous research institutes it hosts over 19,000 students, more than 3,300 scientists and more than 2,200 people in the support and management staff.\nThe university was established on January 8, 1842 by King William II of the Netherlands as a Royal Academy, with the main purpose of training civil servants for the Dutch East Indies. The school rapidly expanded its research and education curriculum, becoming first a Polytechnic School in 1864, Institute of Technology in 1905, gaining full university rights, and finally changing its name to Delft University of Technology in 1986.\nDutch Nobel laureates Jacobus Henricus van 't Hoff, Heike Kamerlingh Onnes, and Simon van der Meer have been associated with TU Delft. TU Delft is a member of several university federations including the IDEA League, CESAER, UNITECH, and 3TU.
/m/02cllz	William Francis \"Bill\" Nighy is an English actor. He worked in theatre and television before his first cinema role in 1981, and made his name in television with The Men's Room in 1991, in which he played the womaniser Prof. Mark Carleton, whose extramarital affairs kept him \"vital\".\nHe became known around the world in 2003 for his critically acclaimed performance in Love Actually. Other notable roles in cinema include his portrayal of Davy Jones in Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest and Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End, as well as Viktor in the Underworld film series.\nHe is also known for his roles in the films Lawless Heart, I Capture the Castle, Shaun of the Dead, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, Notes on a Scandal, Hot Fuzz, Valkyrie, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 1, Rango and The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel. His performances were also acclaimed in the State of Play series and in the TV films The Girl in the Café, Gideon's Daughter and Page Eight, for which he earned Golden Globe nominations, winning one for Gideon's Daughter.
/m/03hkvzc	The folk music of Ireland is the generic term for music that has been created in various genres in Ireland.\nIn A History of Irish Music, W. H. Grattan Flood wrote that, in Gaelic Ireland, there were at least ten instruments in general use. These were the cruit and clairseach, the timpan, the feadan, the buinne, the guthbuinne, the bennbuabhal and corn, the cuislenna, the stoc and sturgan, and the cnamha. There is also evidence of the fiddle being used in the 8th century.\nThere are several collections of Irish folk music from the 18th century, but it was not until the 19th century that ballad printers became established in Dublin. Important collectors include Colm Ó Lochlainn, George Petrie, Edward Bunting, Francis O'Neill, Canon James Goodman and many others. Though solo performance is preferred in the folk tradition, bands or at least small ensembles have probably been a part of Irish music since at least the mid-19th century, although this is a point of much contention among ethnomusicologists.
/m/0hvb2	Ramón Antonio Gerardo Estévez, better known by his stage name Martin Sheen, is an American actor who achieved fame with roles in the films Badlands and Apocalypse Now. Since then, Sheen's more well-known films include Gettysburg, The Departed, and The Amazing Spider-Man. He also starred on television as President Josiah Bartlet in The West Wing, and lent his voice as the Illusive Man in the Mass Effect video game trilogy.\nHe is considered one of the best actors never to have been nominated for an Academy Award. In film he has won the Best Actor award at the San Sebastián International Film Festival for his performance as Kit Carruthers in Badlands. His portrayal of Capt. Willard in Apocalypse Now earned a nomination for the BAFTA Award for Best Actor. Sheen has worked with a wide variety of film directors, such as Richard Attenborough, Francis Ford Coppola, Terrence Malick, David Cronenberg, Mike Nichols, Martin Scorsese, Steven Spielberg, and Oliver Stone. He has had a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame since 1989. In television he has won both a Golden Globe and two Screen Actors Guild awards for playing the role of President Josiah Bartlet in The West Wing, and an Emmy for guest starring in the sitcom Murphy Brown.
/m/01k47c	John Douglas \"Jon\" Lord was an English composer, pianist, and Hammond organ player known for his pioneering work in fusing rock with classical or baroque forms, especially with Deep Purple, as well as Whitesnake, Paice Ashton Lord, The Artwoods, and The Flower Pot Men. In 1968 Lord co-founded Deep Purple, a hard rock band of which he was regarded as the leader until 1970. Together with the other members, he collaborated on most of his band's most popular songs. He and drummer Ian Paice were the only continuous presence in the band during the period from 1968 to 1976, and also from when it was reestablished in 1984 until Lord's retirement from Deep Purple in 2002. On 11 November 2010, he was inducted as an Honorary Fellow of Stevenson College in Edinburgh, Scotland. On 15 July 2011, he was awarded an honorary Doctor of Music degree by the University of Leicester.
/m/0127xk	Stephen Valentine Patrick William \"Steve\" Allen was an American television personality, musician, composer, actor, comedian, and writer. Though he got his start in radio, Allen is best known for his television career. He first gained national attention as a guest host on Arthur Godfrey's Talent Scouts. He graduated to become the first host of The Tonight Show, where he was instrumental in innovating the concept of the television talk show. Thereafter, he hosted numerous game and variety shows, including The Steve Allen Show, I've Got a Secret, The New Steve Allen Show, and was a regular panel member on CBS' What's My Line?\nAllen was a credible pianist and a prolific composer, having penned over 14,000 songs, one of which was recorded by Perry Como and Margaret Whiting, others by Steve Lawrence and Eydie Gorme, Les Brown, and Gloria Lynne. Allen won a Grammy award in 1963 for best jazz composition, with his song The Gravy Waltz. Allen wrote more than 50 books, has two stars on the Hollywood Walk of Fame and a Hollywood theater named in his honor.
/m/01f1kd	The 1976 Winter Olympics, officially known as the XII Olympic Winter Games, were a winter multi-sport event which was celebrated February 4–15, 1976 in Innsbruck, Austria. It was the second time the Tyrolean city hosted the Games, which were awarded to Innsbruck after Denver, the original host city, withdrew in 1972.\nAs these were the first Olympics held following the murder of eleven Israeli athletes at the Munich games, security for the Innsbruck games was much more rigid.
/m/033m23	Ming-Na Wen; born November 20, 1963 is a Macau-born American actress. She has been credited with and without her family name, but most credits since the late 1990s have been without it. She has been known by such variants of her name as Ming-Na, Ming Na, Ming Na Wen and Ming Wen.\nShe is known for voicing Fa Mulan in the Mulan films and the Kingdom Hearts video game series, and as Dr. Jing-Mei \"Deb\" Chen on the NBC medical drama series ER.\nShe was a member of the cast of the show, Inconceivable, a medical drama that was aired on NBC, but the show was short-lived and was cancelled after only two episodes. The show is one of the few American television shows with an Asian American series lead. As of 2013, she stars as Melinda May in the ABC action drama series Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D..\nBesides television, she is notable for starring in the films The Joy Luck Club, Street Fighter, and Final Fantasy: The Spirits Within.
/m/0fpkxfd	The 27th annual Sundance Film Festival took place from January 20, 2011 until January 30, 2011 in Park City, Utah, with screenings in Salt Lake City, Utah, Ogden, Utah, and Sundance, Utah.\nThe festival opened with five screenings, one from each category in competition: Sing Your Song, Pariah, The Guard, Project Nim, and Shorts Program I. The New Frontier category opened with All That Is Solid Melts into Air. The closing night film was The Son of No One.\nThere were 750 sponsors of the festival and 1,670 volunteers. Attendance was initially estimated at 60,000 people.
/m/0yx74	Hattiesburg is a city in Mississippi, bisected by the county line between Forrest County and Lamar County. The population was 45,989 in the 2010 census. It is the principal city of the Hattiesburg, Mississippi, Metropolitan Statistical Area which encompasses Forrest, Lamar and Perry counties.\nFounded in 1882 by pioneer lumberman and civil engineer William H. Hardy, Hattiesburg was named in honor of Hardy's wife Hattie. The town was incorporated two years later with a population of 400. Hattiesburg's population first expanded as a center of the lumber and railroad industries, from which was derived the nickname \"The Hub City.\" It now attracts newcomers to the area because of the diversity of the economy, strong neighborhoods and the central location in South Mississippi.\nHattiesburg is home to The University of Southern Mississippi and William Carey University. South of Hattiesburg is Camp Shelby, the largest National Guard training base east of the Mississippi River.
/m/01j590z	David Lee Roth is an American rock vocalist, songwriter, actor, author, and former radio personality. In 2007, he was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. Roth is best known as the original and current lead singer of the Southern California-based hard rock band Van Halen. He is also known as a successful solo artist, releasing numerous RIAA-certified Gold and Platinum records. After more than two decades apart, Roth re-joined Van Halen in 2006 for a North American tour that became the highest grossing in the band's history and one of the highest grossing of that year. In 2012, Roth and Van Halen released the critically successful comeback album, A Different Kind of Truth.
/m/0bxqq	Sacramento County is a county in the U.S. state of California. Its county seat is Sacramento, which is also the state capital. As of 2010, the county had a population of 1,418,788.\nSacramento County is the largest of eight counties within the Greater Sacramento area. The county covers about 994 square miles in the northern portion of the California Central Valley, on into Gold Country. Sacramento County extends from the low delta lands between the Sacramento River and San Joaquin River north to about ten miles beyond the State Capitol and east into the foothills of the Sierra Nevada Mountains. The southernmost portion of Sacramento County has direct access to San Francisco Bay.
/m/01h788	In a Muslim context, Islamic studies is the umbrella term for the Islamic sciences, both originally researched and as defined by the Islamization of knowledge. It includes all the traditional forms of religious thought, such as kalam and fiqh, but also incorporates fields generally considered secular in the West, such as Islamic science and Islamic economics.\nIn a non-Muslim context, Islamic studies generally refers to the historical study of Islam: Islamic civilization, Islamic history and historiography, Islamic law, Islamic theology and Islamic philosophy. Academics from diverse disciplines participate and exchange ideas about Islamic societies, past and present, although Western, academic Islamic studies itself is in many respects a self-conscious and self-contained field. Specialists in the discipline apply methods adapted from several ancillary fields, ranging from Biblical studies and classical philology to modern history, legal history and sociology. A recent trend, particularly since 9/11, has been the study of contemporary Islamist groups and movements by academics from the social sciences or in many cases by journalists, although since such works tend to be written by non-Arabists they belong outside the field of Islamic studies proper.
/m/0d0l91	Ronald Jeremy Hyatt known by the stage name Ron Jeremy, is an American adult film actor. Nicknamed \"The Hedgehog\", he was ranked by AVN at number one in their \"The 50 Top Porn Stars of All Time\" list. Jeremy has also appeared in non-pornographic films, such as The Chase, Orgazmo, They Bite, The Boondock Saints, Crank: High Voltage, Poultrygeist: Night of the Chicken Dead, Detroit Rock City and 54. Director Scott J. Gill filmed a documentary about him and his legacy in 2001 film Porn Star: The Legend of Ron Jeremy.
/m/0xzm	Activism consists of efforts to promote, impede, or direct social, political, economic, or environmental change, or stasis. The term connotes a peaceful form of conflict. Various forms of activism range from writing letters to newspapers or politicians, political campaigning, economic activism such as boycotts or preferentially patronizing businesses, rallies, street marches, strikes, sit-ins, and hunger strikes. Research is beginning to explore how activist groups in the United States and Canada are using social media to facilitate civic engagement and collective action.
/m/02mx98	William Thomas \"Bill\" Berry is a retired American musician and multi-instrumentalist, best known as the drummer for the alternative rock band R.E.M. In addition to his drumming duties, Berry played many other instruments including guitar, bass guitar, and piano, both for songwriting and on R.E.M. records. After 17 years with the band, Berry left the music industry to become a farmer, and has since maintained a low profile, making sporadic reunions with R.E.M. and appearing on other artists' records.
/m/01r42_g	Jamie-Lynn Sigler is an American actress and singer. She is best known for her role as Meadow Soprano on the HBO television series The Sopranos.
/m/07k8rt4	The Green Hornet is a 2011 American superhero action comedy film based on the character of the same name that had originated in a 1930s radio program and has appeared in movie serials, a television series, comic books, and other media. Directed by Michel Gondry, the film stars Seth Rogen, Jay Chou, Christoph Waltz and Cameron Diaz.\nThe film was released in North America on January 14, 2011, in versions including RealD Cinema and IMAX 3D.
/m/01bv8b	Everybody Loves Raymond is an American television sitcom starring Ray Romano, Patricia Heaton, Brad Garrett, Doris Roberts, and Peter Boyle. It originally ran on CBS from September 13, 1996, to May 16, 2005. Many of the situations from the show are based on the real-life experiences of Romano, creator/producer Phil Rosenthal and the show's writing staff. The main characters on the show are also loosely based on Romano's and Rosenthal's real-life family members.\nThe show reruns in syndication on various channels, such as TBS, TV Land, and in most TV markets on local stations. From 2000 to 2007, King World distributed the show for off-network syndication and Warner Bros. International Television handled international distribution. In 2007, CBS Television Distribution took over King World's distribution. CBS only owns American syndication rights; ancillary rights are controlled by HBO and Warner Bros. Television.
/m/02d6n_	Michael Connell Biehn is an American actor and director. He is best known for his roles in James Cameron's science fiction action films The Terminator, Aliens, and The Abyss. He has also acted in such films as Tombstone, The Rock, and Planet Terror. On television, Biehn appeared in the cast of the Emmy Award-winning 1980s television series Hill Street Blues and the short lived syndicated show Adventure Inc.
/m/060pl5	Jim Reardon is an animation director and storyboard consultant, best known for his work on the animated TV series The Simpsons. He has directed over 30 episodes of the series, and was credited as a supervising director for seasons 9 through 15. Reardon attended the world renowned Character Animation program at the California Institute of the Arts in 1982, where one of his students projects, the satirical cartoon Bring Me the Head of Charlie Brown, has become a cult classic through the likes of YouTube. He was hired by John Kricfalusi as a writer on Mighty Mouse: The New Adventures and later worked on Tiny Toon Adventures. He has been described by Ralph Bakshi as \"one of the best cartoon writers in the business\".\nReardon supervised the storyboard department and co-wrote the Pixar film WALL-E with Andrew Stanton, which was released on June 27, 2008. He was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay for WALL-E at the 81st Academy Awards.
/m/0flry	The Hundred Years' War was a series of conflicts waged from 1337 to 1453 between the Kingdom of England and the Kingdom of France for control of the French throne. Many allies of both sides were also drawn into the conflict. The war had its roots in a dynastic disagreement dating back to the time of William the Conqueror, who became King of England in 1066 while retaining possession of the Duchy of Normandy in France. As the rulers of Normandy and other lands on the continent, the English kings owed feudal homage to the King of France. In 1337, Edward III of England refused to pay homage to Philip VI of France, leading the French King to claim confiscation of Edward's lands in Aquitaine.\nEdward responded by declaring that he, not Philip, was the rightful King of France, a claim dating to 1328, when Edward's uncle, Charles IV of France, died without a direct male heir. Edward was the closest male relative of the dead king, as son of Isabella of France who was a daughter of Philip IV of France and a sister of Charles IV. But instead, the dead king's cousin, Philip VI, the son of Philip IV's younger brother, Charles, Count of Valois, was crowned King of France in accordance with Salic law, which disqualified the succession of males descended through female lines. The question of legal succession to the French crown was central to the war over generations of English and French claimants.
/m/02pprs	The alto saxophone is a member of the saxophone family of woodwind instruments invented by Belgian instrument designer Adolphe Sax in 1841. It is smaller than the tenor but larger than the soprano, and is the type most used in classical compositions. The alto and tenor are the most common types of saxophones.
/m/0125ny	The Lake District, also commonly known as The Lakes or Lakeland, is a mountainous region in North West England. A popular holiday destination, it is famous not only for its lakes, forests and mountains, but also for its associations with the early 19th century poetry and writings of William Wordsworth and the other Lake Poets.\nHistorically shared by the counties of Cumberland, Westmorland and Lancashire, the Lake District now lies entirely within the modern county of Cumbria. All the land in England higher than three thousand feet above sea level lies within the National Park, including Scafell Pike, the highest mountain in England. It also contains the deepest and longest lakes in England, Wastwater and Windermere, respectively.
/m/025snf	YTV is a Canadian English-language Category A cable and satellite television channel that is owned by Corus Entertainment. Specializing in programming aimed at children ages 10–16 years of age with its preschool-targeted programming aimed at preschoolers ages 2–5 year olds, its programming consists includes original live-action and animated television series, movies, and third-party programming from U.S. cable channel Nickelodeon and other distributors.\nThe \"YTV\" name is thought by some viewers to be an abbreviation for \"Youth Television\", however the channel's website denies this, despite the fact that the network originally branded itself as a youth network at launch. YTV operates two time-shifted feeds, running on Eastern and Pacific Time Zone schedules.
/m/02xs6_	Hannibal is a 2001 American crime thriller film directed by Ridley Scott, adapted from Thomas Harris' novel of the same name. It is a sequel to the 1991 Academy Award-winning film The Silence of the Lambs that returns Anthony Hopkins to his iconic role as serial killer Hannibal Lecter. Julianne Moore co-stars, taking over for Jodie Foster in the role of U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation Agent Clarice Starling.\nSet ten years after The Silence of the Lambs, the film revolves around Starling's attempts to apprehend Lecter before his surviving victim, Mason Verger, captures and kills him. The film's locations alternate between Italy and the United States. The film's development drew a large amount of attention, with The Silence of the Lambs director Jonathan Demme, screenwriter Ted Tally and actress Jodie Foster all eventually declining involvement. Upon release, Hannibal broke box office records in the United States, Australia, Canada and the United Kingdom in February 2001.
/m/0hvbj	'N Sync was an American boy band formed in Orlando, Florida, in 1995 and launched in Germany by BMG Ariola Munich. 'N Sync consisted of Justin Timberlake, JC Chasez, Chris Kirkpatrick, Joey Fatone, and Lance Bass. After heavily publicized legal battles with their former manager Lou Pearlman and former record label Sony BMG, the group's second album, No Strings Attached, sold over one million copies in one day and 2.42 million copies in one week. In addition to a host of Grammy Award nominations, 'N Sync has performed at the World Series, the Super Bowl and the Olympic Games, and sang or recorded with Elton John, Left Eye, Aerosmith, Mary J. Blige, Britney Spears, Nelly, Michael Jackson, Phil Collins, Stevie Wonder, Celine Dion, and Gloria Estefan.\nAlthough 'N Sync announced the start of a \"temporary hiatus\" in spring 2002, the band has not recorded new material since. The group's official website was shut down in the summer of 2006, and in 2007, Lance Bass confirmed that the group has \"definitely broken up.\" They have sold over 50 million albums during their career.
/m/01xysf	North Dakota State University of Agriculture and Applied Sciences, more commonly known as North Dakota State University, is a public university in Fargo, in the U.S. state of North Dakota. As of fall 2013, NDSU has 14,629 students and sits on a 258-acre campus. The institution was founded as North Dakota Agricultural College in 1890 as a land-grant institution. The university operates several agricultural research extension centers spread over 18,488 acres. NDSU is part of the North Dakota University System.\nNDSU offers 102 undergraduate majors, 170 undergraduate degree programs, 6 undergraduate certificate programs, 79 undergraduate minors, 81 master’s degree programs, 47 doctoral degree programs of study and 10 graduate certificate programs.\nNDSU is a comprehensive doctoral research university with programs involved in high research activity. NDSU uses a semester system - Fall and Spring with two summer sessions. The majority of students are full-time with 55% male and 45% female.
/m/01tspc6	Imelda Mary Philomena Bernadette Staunton, OBE is an English actress. She is perhaps best known for her performances in the British comedy television series Up the Garden Path, the Harry Potter film series and Vera Drake. She drew critical acclaim as Vera Drake, earning her a Best Actress Oscar nomination and a number of wins including the BAFTA and Venice Film Festival Awards for best actress in a leading role.
/m/081pw	World War II, also known as the Second World War, was a global war. It is generally considered to have lasted from 1939 to 1945, although some conflicts in Asia that are commonly viewed as becoming part of the world war had begun earlier than 1939. It involved the vast majority of the world's nations—including all of the great powers—eventually forming two opposing military alliances: the Allies and the Axis. It was the most widespread war in history, and directly involved more than 100 million people, from more than 30 different countries. In a state of \"total war\", the major participants threw their entire economic, industrial, and scientific capabilities behind the war effort, erasing the distinction between civilian and military resources. Marked by mass deaths of civilians, including the Holocaust and the first use of nuclear weapons in combat, it resulted in an estimated 50 million to 85 million fatalities. These made World War II the deadliest conflict in human history.\nThe Empire of Japan aimed to dominate East Asia and was already at war with the Republic of China in 1937, but the world war is generally said to have begun on 1 September 1939 with the invasion of Poland by Germany and subsequent declarations of war on Germany by France and the United Kingdom. From late 1939 to early 1941, in a series of campaigns and treaties, Germany formed the Axis alliance with Italy, conquering or subduing much of continental Europe. Following the Molotov–Ribbentrop Pact, Germany and the Soviet Union partitioned and annexed territories between themselves of their European neighbours, including Poland, Finland and the Baltic states. The United Kingdom and the other members of the British Commonwealth were the only major Allied forces continuing the fight against the Axis, with battles taking place in North and East Africa as well as the long-running Battle of the Atlantic. In June 1941, the European Axis launched an invasion of the Soviet Union, giving a start to the largest land theatre of war in history, which tied down the major part of the Axis' military forces for the rest of the war. In December 1941, Japan joined the Axis, attacked the United States and European territories in the Pacific Ocean, and quickly conquered much of the Western Pacific.
/m/01wv24	The Ateneo de Manila University is a Catholic private teaching and research university run by the Society of Jesus in the Philippines. It is the oldest Jesuit school in the Philippines and the third-oldest university in the Philippines, tracing its roots to 1859 when the City of Manila handed control of the Escuela Municipal de Manila in Intramuros, Manila, to the Jesuits. It remained a state-subsidized institution through the Spanish colonial period, offering primary, secondary and bachillerato education. It was privatized during the American occupation of the Philippines in the first half of the 20th century. The Ateneo de Manila awarded its first postgraduate degrees in 1949, and received its university charter in 1959.
/m/0d22f	Washington County is one of 36 counties in the U.S. state of Oregon. As of the 2010 census, the population was 529,710, making it the second most populous county in the state. The seat and largest city is Hillsboro. Other cities include Beaverton, Tigard, and Forest Grove, the oldest city in the county.\nOriginally named Twality when created in 1843, the territorial legislature renamed it for the first president of the United States, George Washington, in 1849. The original boundaries included the entire northwest corner of Oregon before sections became new counties. The Tualatin River and its drainage basin are almost entirely within the county, with the county nearly coterminous with the Tualatin Valley. It is bordered on the west and north by the Northern Oregon Coast Range, on the south by the Chehalem Mountains, and on the north and east by the Tualatin Mountains.\nMajor roads in the county include small sections of Interstate 5 and Interstate 205, the Sunset Highway, Oregon Route 217, Oregon Route 47, Oregon Route 10, Oregon Route 6, and Oregon Route 8. Public transportation is primarily operated by TriMet and includes buses, the Westside Express Service commuter rail, and MAX Light Rail. Other transportation includes air travel at the Hillsboro Airport, several private airfields and heliports, and heavy rail cargo on several rail lines.
/m/03hp2y1	The Soloist is a 2009 American drama film directed by Joe Wright, and starring Jamie Foxx and Robert Downey, Jr. The screenplay by Susannah Grant is based on the book, The Soloist by Steve Lopez. The film is based on the true story of Nathaniel Ayers, a musician who developed schizophrenia and became homeless.\nFoxx portrays Ayers, who is considered a cello prodigy, and Downey portrays Lopez, a Los Angeles Times columnist who discovers Ayers and writes about him in the newspaper. The film was released in theatres on 24 April 2009 and on DVD and Blu-ray August 5.
/m/01vrkdt	Wendy Melvoin is an American guitarist and singer-songwriter, best known for her work with Prince as part of his backing band The Revolution, and for her collaboration with Lisa Coleman as one half of the duo Wendy & Lisa.
/m/04x8cp	Club Deportivo Estudiantes de la UAG is a Mexican professional football club associated with the Universidad Autónoma de Guadalajara AC. It currently plays in the Liga de Ascenso, with home games in the Estadio 3 de Marzo. The 30,015-seat facility is located in Zapopan, a municipality within the Guadalajara, Jalisco conurbation.\nPreviously named Club de Fútbol U.A.G., Estudiantes have won the national championship once and is the only team in Mexican football history to ascend from the two lower divisions and get the Championship. The club was runner-up in the Mexican League's Clausura 2005, after losing to Club América in the second game, 6-3.\nOn April 14, 2012 Estudiantes Tecos was relegated to Mexico's Liga de Ascenso after gaining the lowest percentage of points got in the last three years against Atlas and Querétaro. The last straw was a combination of a draw between Estudiantes and Puebla and a victory achieved by Atlas against Monterrey.
/m/01fs__	Scrubs is an American medical comedy-drama television series created by Bill Lawrence that aired from October 2, 2001 to March 17, 2010 on NBC and later ABC. The series follows the lives of employees at the fictional Sacred Heart teaching hospital. The title is a play on surgical scrubs and a term for a low-ranking person because at the beginning of the series, most of the main characters were medical interns.\nThe series features fast-paced screenplay, slapstick, and surreal vignettes presented mostly as the daydreams of the central character, Dr. John \"J.D.\" Dorian, who is played by Zach Braff. Actors starring alongside Braff in the first eight seasons included Sarah Chalke, Donald Faison, Neil Flynn, Ken Jenkins, John C. McGinley, and Judy Reyes. The series has also featured multiple guest appearances by film actors, such as Brendan Fraser, Heather Graham, and Colin Farrell.\nIn the ninth season, many new cast members were introduced and the show setting moved from a hospital to a medical school. Out of the original cast, only Braff, Faison and McGinley became regular cast members while the others, with the exception of Reyes, made guest appearances. Braff appeared in six episodes of the ninth season before departing. Kerry Bishé, Eliza Coupe, Dave Franco, and Michael Mosley became series regulars with Bishé becoming the show's new narrator.
/m/02g7sp	Irish people in Great Britain are members of the Irish diaspora who reside in Great Britain, the largest island and principal territory of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland. From the earliest recorded history to the present, there has been a continuous movement of people between the islands of Ireland and Great Britain due to their proximity.\nThis tide has ebbed and flowed in response to politics, economics and social conditions of both places. Ireland was a feudal Lordship of the Kings of England between 1171 and 1541; a Kingdom in personal union with the Kingdom of England and Kingdom of Great Britain between 1542 and 1801; and politically united with Great Britain as the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland between 1801 and 1922. Today, Ireland is divided between the independent Republic of Ireland, and Northern Ireland which is part of the UK.\nToday, millions of residents of Great Britain are either from the island of Ireland or have Irish ancestry. It is estimated that as many as six million people living in the UK have an Irish grandparent.
/m/02rtlp5	Eastern North Carolina is the region encompassing the eastern tier of North Carolina. It is known geographically as the state's Coastal Plain region. Primary subregions of Eastern North Carolina include the Fayetteville Metropolitan Area, the Lower Cape Fear, the Sandhills, the Inner Banks and the Outer Banks. It is composed of the 41 most eastern counties in the state. Large cities include Fayetteville, Greenville, Jacksonville, and Wilmington. In 1993, the State Legislature established seven regional economic development organizations and three of these serve eastern North Carolina - Northeast North Carolina Commission, North Carolina East Alliance, and North Carolina's Southeast Commission.\nNew transitions are being made in the geography of the economic sectors. Economic Development Commissions are transforming, such as North Carolina's Eastern Region Commission's transition into North Carolina East Alliance. Different EDC's have different ways to increase prosperity in the area. NCEA's first focus is to improve the talent pipeline to create a more comprehensive local workforce. Shoop, the Commissioner for Washington's EDC stated \"In a private setting, they would be able to access different funds for additional economic projects or initiatives in the county.\"
/m/018k8r	Thrissur originally Thirusivapperoor and previously known by its anglicised form as Trichur, is the fourth largest city, the third largest urban agglomeration in Kerala and the 20th largest in India. It is also the headquarters of the Thrissur District. The City is built around a 65-acre hillock called the Thekkinkadu Maidan which seats the Vadakkumnathan temple. Thrissur was once the capital of the Kingdom of Cochin. It is located 300 kilometres towards north-west of the state capital Thiruvananthapuram.\nThrissur is also known as the Cultural Capital of Kerala because of its cultural, spiritual and religious leanings throughout history. It houses the Kerala Sangeetha Nadaka Academy, Kerala Lalithakala Akademi and Kerala Sahitya Academy. The city hosts the Thrissur Pooram festival, the most colourful and spectacular temple festival in Kerala. The festival is held at the Thekkinkadu Maidan in April or May. Thrissur has a large number of well-known temples including the Vadakkumnathan temple, Thiruvambadi Sri Krishna Temple and Paramekkavu temple, as well as two famous churches, the Our Lady of Lourdes Syro-Malabar Catholic Metropolitan Cathedral and the Our Lady of Dolours Syro-Malabar Catholic Basilica.
/m/02lhm2	Cedric Antonio Kyles, known professionally by his stage name Cedric the Entertainer, is an American actor, comedian, director, and game show host. He originally was the host on It's Showtime at the Apollo, He also hosted BET's ComicView during the 1993-1994 season and Def Comedy Jam in 1995. Kyles is best known for co-starring with Steve Harvey on The WB sitcom The Steve Harvey Show, Eddie in the film Barbershop and its sequel. Since September 2, 2013, Cedric the Entertainer is now the host of the daytime version of Who Wants to Be a Millionaire, replacing Meredith Vieira during the 2013-2014 season.
/m/0121rx	John Herbert \"Jackie\" Gleason was an American comedian, actor and musician. He was known for his brash visual and verbal comedy style, exemplified by his character Ralph Kramden in The Honeymooners. Among his notable film roles were Minnesota Fats in the 1961 drama The Hustler and Buford T. Justice in the Smokey and the Bandit series.
/m/06qw_	Star Trek: Deep Space Nine is a science fiction television series set in the Star Trek universe.\nThe show is set in the Milky Way galaxy, in the years 2369 – 2375. Unlike the other Star Trek TV shows, it takes place on a space station instead of a starship, so as not to have two series with starships at the same time. This made continuing story arcs and the appearance of recurring characters much more feasible. The show is noted for its well-developed characters, its original, complex plots, religious themes and for starring the only African American captain of all the Star Trek series to be featured as the show's protagonist. The series concentrated on darker themes, less physical exploration of space, and an emphasis on many aspects of war.\nDS9 premiered in 1993 and ran for seven seasons until 1999. Rooted in Gene Roddenberry’s Star Trek universe, it was the first Trek spin-off created without direct involvement from Roddenberry, although he did give his blessing to the concept shortly before his death in 1991. The series was created by Rick Berman and Michael Piller, at the request of Brandon Tartikoff, and was produced by Paramount Television. Key writers, in addition to Berman and Piller, included showrunner Ira Steven Behr, Robert Hewitt Wolfe, Ronald D. Moore, Peter Allan Fields, Bradley Thompson, David Weddle, Hans Beimler, and René Echevarria.
/m/0g9wdmc	The Iron Lady is a 2011 British biographical film based on the life of Margaret Thatcher, the longest-serving Prime Minister of the United Kingdom of the 20th century. The film was directed by Phyllida Lloyd. Thatcher is portrayed primarily by Meryl Streep, and, in her formative and early political years, by Alexandra Roach. Thatcher's husband, Denis Thatcher, is portrayed by Jim Broadbent, and by Harry Lloyd as the younger Denis. Thatcher's longest-serving cabinet member and eventual deputy, Geoffrey Howe, is portrayed by Anthony Head.\nWhile the film was met with mixed reviews, Streep's performance was widely acclaimed, and considered to be one of the finest of her career. She received her 17th Best Actress Oscar nomination for her portrayal and ultimately won the award, 29 years after her first win. She also earned her third Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Motion Picture Drama award, and her second BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role.
/m/0cc1v	Prince George's County is a county located in the U.S. state of Maryland, immediately north, east, and south of Washington, D.C. As of the 2010 U.S. Census, the population was 863,420. It is home to Joint Base Andrews and is a part of the Baltimore–Washington, D.C. Metropolitan Area, with its county seat being Upper Marlboro.
/m/02chhq	Hilary and Jackie is a 1998 biography drama music film written by Hilary du Pré, Piers du Pré and Frank Cottrell Boyce and directed by Anand Tucker.
/m/0134pk	Aerosmith is an American hard rock band, sometimes referred to as \"The Bad Boys from Boston\" and \"America's Greatest Rock and Roll Band.\" Their style, which is rooted in blues-based hard rock, has come to also incorporate elements of pop, heavy metal, and rhythm and blues, and has inspired many subsequent rock artists. The band was formed in Boston, Massachusetts in 1970. Guitarist Joe Perry and bassist Tom Hamilton, originally in a band together called the Jam Band, met up with vocalist/harmonica player Steven Tyler, drummer Joey Kramer, and guitarist Ray Tabano, and formed Aerosmith. In 1971, Tabano was replaced by Brad Whitford, and the band began developing a following in Boston.\nThey were signed to Columbia Records in 1972, and released a string of multi-platinum albums, beginning with their 1973 eponymous debut album, followed by their 1974 album Get Your Wings. In 1975, the band broke into the mainstream with the album Toys in the Attic, and their 1976 follow-up Rocks cemented their status as hard rock superstars. Two additional albums followed in 1977 and 1979. Throughout the 1970s, the band toured extensively and charted a string of Hot 100 singles. By the end of the decade, they were among the most popular hard rock bands in the world and developed a loyal following of fans, often referred to as the \"Blue Army\". However, drug addiction and internal conflict took their toll on the band, which resulted in the departures of Perry and Whitford in 1979 and 1981, respectively; they were replaced by Jimmy Crespo and Rick Dufay. The band did not fare well between 1980 and 1984, releasing a lone album, Rock in a Hard Place, which went gold but failed to match their previous successes.
/m/016t_3	A master's degree is an academic degree granted to individuals who have undergone study demonstrating a mastery or high-order overview of a specific field of study or area of professional practice. Within the area studied, graduates are posited to possess advanced knowledge of a specialized body of theoretical and applied topics; high order skills in analysis, critical evaluation or professional application; and the ability to solve complex problems and think rigorously and independently. The degree is awarded upon graduation from a university.
/m/06qwh	Star Trek is an American science fiction television series created by Gene Roddenberry that follows the adventures of the starship USS Enterprise and its crew.\nThe show is set in the Milky Way galaxy, roughly during the 2260s. The ship and crew are led by Captain James T. Kirk, first officer and science officer Mr. Spock, and chief medical officer Leonard McCoy. Shatner's voice-over introduction during each episode's opening credits stated the starship's purpose:\nSpace: the final frontier. These are the voyages of the starship Enterprise. Its five-year mission: to explore strange new worlds, to seek out new life and new civilizations, to boldly go where no man has gone before.\nThe series was produced 1966–67 by Desilu Productions, and by Paramount Television 1968–69. Star Trek aired on NBC from September 8, 1966 to June 3, 1969. Although this television series had the title of Star Trek, it later acquired the retronym of Star Trek: The Original Series to distinguish the show within the media franchise that it began. Star Trek's Nielsen ratings while on NBC were low, and the network canceled it after three seasons and 79 episodes. Nevertheless, the show had a major influence on popular culture and it became a cult classic in broadcast syndication during the 1970s. The show eventually spawned a franchise, consisting of five additional television series, 12 theatrical films, numerous books, games, toys, and is now considered one of the most popular science fiction television shows of all time.
/m/01cqz5	Phra Bat Somdet Phra Poraminthra Maha Chulalongkorn Phra Chunla Chom Klao Chao Yu Hua, or Rama V was the fifth monarch of Siam under the House of Chakri. He was known to the Siamese of his time as Phra Phuttha Chao Luang. He is considered one of the greatest kings of Siam. His reign was characterized by the modernization of Siam, immense government and social reforms, and territorial cessions to the British Empire and French Indochina. As Siam was threatened by Western expansionism, Chulalongkorn, through his policies and acts, managed to save Siam from being colonized. All his reforms were dedicated to Siam’s insurance of survival in the midst of Western colonialism, so that Chulalongkorn earned the epithet Phra Piya Maharat.
/m/0175wg	Sienna Tiggy Guillory is an English actress, and former model. She is known for playing the title role in the TV miniseries, Helen of Troy, her portrayal of Jill Valentine in the science fiction action horror film Resident Evil: Apocalypse, and as elf princess Arya Dröttningu in fantasy-adventure film, Eragon. She resumed her role as Jill Valentine for a cameo appearance in the 2010 action-horror film Resident Evil: Afterlife, and in Resident Evil: Retribution, released on September 14, 2012.
/m/03fykz	David Samuel Cohen, better-known by his professional name, \"David X. Cohen,\" is an American television writer. He has written for The Simpsons and he is the head writer and executive producer of Futurama.
/m/0h6dj	A conglomerate is a combination of two or more corporations engaged in entirely different businesses that fall under one corporate group, usually involving a parent company and many subsidiaries. Often, a conglomerate is a multi-industry company. Conglomerates are often large and multinational.
/m/08jgk1	The Office is an American television comedy series that originally aired on National Broadcasting Company from March 24, 2005 to May 16, 2013. It is an adaptation of the BBC series of the same name. The Office was adapted for American audiences by Greg Daniels, a veteran writer for Saturday Night Live, King of the Hill, and The Simpsons. It is co-produced by Daniels' Deedle-Dee Productions, and Shine America, in association with Universal Television. The original executive producers were Greg Daniels, Howard Klein, Ben Silverman, Ricky Gervais, and Stephen Merchant, with numerous others being promoted in later seasons.\nThe series depicts the everyday lives of office employees in the Scranton, Pennsylvania branch of the fictional Dunder Mifflin Paper Company. To simulate the look of an actual documentary, it is filmed in a single-camera setup, without a studio audience or a laugh track. The show debuted on NBC as a mid-season replacement and ran for nine seasons, and 201 episodes. The Office features Steve Carell, Rainn Wilson, John Krasinski, Jenna Fischer, B. J. Novak and Ed Helms among the main cast. Series star Carell, who portrayed Michael Scott, left the series near the end of the seventh season.
/m/0h32q	Vanessa Redgrave, CBE is an English actress of stage, screen and television, as well as a political activist.\nRedgrave rose to prominence in 1961 playing Rosalind in As You Like It with the Royal Shakespeare Company and has since made more than 35 appearances on London's West End and Broadway, winning both the Tony and Olivier Awards. On screen, she has starred in more than 80 films; including Blowup, Isadora, Mary, Queen of Scots, The Devils, Julia, The Bostonians, Howards End, Mission: Impossible and Atonement. Redgrave was proclaimed by Arthur Miller and Tennessee Williams as \"the greatest living actress of our times,\" and she remains the only British actress ever to win the Oscar, Emmy, Tony, Olivier, Cannes, Golden Globe, and the Screen Actors Guild awards. In 2003, Redgrave was inducted into the American Theatre Hall of Fame. She was also the recipient of the 2010 BAFTA Fellowship \"in recognition of an outstanding and exceptional contribution to film.\"\nA member of the Redgrave family of actors, she is the daughter of Sir Michael Redgrave and Lady Redgrave, the sister of Lynn Redgrave and Corin Redgrave, the mother of actresses Joely Richardson and Natasha Richardson, and the aunt of British actress Jemma Redgrave.
/m/05mwx	Odense is the third largest city in Denmark. It has a population of 170,327 and is the main city of the island of Funen. The city is the seat of Odense Municipality, with a population of 195,598, and was the seat of Odense County until 1970, and Funen County from 1970 until 1 January 2007, when Funen County became part of the Region of Southern Denmark.
/m/086hg9	The Auburn Tigers football team represents Auburn University in the sport of American football. The Auburn Tigers compete in the Football Bowl Subdivision of the National Collegiate Athletics Association and the Western Division of the Southeastern Conference.\nAuburn officially began competing in intercollegiate football in 1892. The Tigers joined the Southeastern Conference in 1932 as one of the inaugural members of the conference and the Tigers began competing in the West Division when the conference divided in 1992. Auburn officially claims two national championships, seven perfect seasons, 13 conference championships, 9 divisional championships, and has made 38 bowl appearances, including eight historically major or BCS bowl berths. The Tigers have the 12th most wins in FBS history with over 700 victories and have finished ranked in the Top 25 of either the AP or Coaches polls 37 times, including 18 top ten finishes. The Tigers have produced three Heisman Trophy winners: quarterback Pat Sullivan in 1971, running back Bo Jackson in 1985, and quarterback Cam Newton in 2010. Auburn has also produced sixty-six consensus All-American players, many all-conference team selections including All-SEC player and All-SEC academic, multiple MVPs and Rhodes Scholar athletes, and other academic honors. The College Football Hall of Fame has inducted a total of 12 individuals from Auburn, including 8 student-athletes and four head coaches: John Heisman, Mike Donahue, Ralph \"Shug\" Jordan, and Pat Dye. Ralph \"Shug\" Jordan, who coached from 1951 to 1975 and led Auburn to its first poll national championship in 1957, won a total of 176 games, the most by any Auburn coach. Former head coach Gene Chizik led the Tigers to their second claimed national championship and the school's first consensus national title in 2010. Auburn's home stadium is Jordan–Hare Stadium, which opened in 1939 and becomes Alabama's fifth largest city on gamedays with a capacity of 87,451. Auburn's archrival is in-state foe Alabama. The Tigers and Crimson Tide meet annually in the Iron Bowl, one of the biggest rivalries in all of sports. The Tigers also maintain rivalries with SEC foes Georgia and LSU.
/m/0789n	Secretary of State or State Secretary is a commonly used title for a senior or mid-level post in governments around the world. The role varies between countries, and in some cases there are multiple Secretaries of State in the Government.\nIn many countries, a Secretary of State is a mid-level post. It is usually a politically appointed position, although in some countries, such as Germany and Sweden, it can be filled by a member of the executive bureaucracy as a political appointment. In the Holy See, there is one Secretary of State, who coordinates all the departments of the Roman Curia. In the United Kingdom a Secretary of State is a member of the Cabinet appointed by the Queen on the advice of the Prime Minister. In the Federal Government of the United States of America, there is one Secretary of State, the most senior political appointee responsible for foreign policy.
/m/0h6dy	The House of Commons of Canada is a component of the Parliament of Canada, along with the Sovereign and the Senate. The House of Commons is a democratically elected body, whose members are known as Members of Parliament. There are 308 members as of 2011, but that will rise to 338 for the next election. Members are elected by simple plurality in each of the country's electoral districts, which are colloquially known as ridings. MPs may hold office until Parliament is dissolved and serve for constitutionally limited terms of up to five years after an election. Historically however, terms have ended before their expiry and the sitting government has typically dissolved parliament within four years of an election according to a long-standing convention. In any case, an Act of Parliament now limits each term to four years. Seats in the House of Commons are distributed roughly in proportion to the population of each province and territory. However, some ridings are more populous than others and the Canadian constitution contains some special provisions regarding provincial representation; thus, there is some interprovincial and regional malapportionment relative to population.
/m/01t8vq	The \"Gothic Revival\" is an architectural movement that began in the late 1740s in England. Its popularity grew rapidly in the early 19th century, when increasingly serious and learned admirers of neo-Gothic styles sought to revive medieval Gothic architecture, in contrast to the neoclassical styles prevalent at the time.\nGothic Revival architecture is easy to identify as it always has certain features no matter where the building is. Although a Georgian house frame could be outfitted with classical gothic or the English Tudor Revival architecture that influences most houses of the time period, in Canada at least, featured including high pitched roofs or spires, tall, narrow windows coming to a point at the top, exposed wood structural beams, cross hatched decorative patterns, finals, scalloping, lancet windows, hood moldings and label stops which are all common identifiers for Gothic Revival architecture. Due to the defining characteristics of this type of architecture, many people have the stereotypical idea that all gothic buildings are tall and narrow along with the idea that only churches were built in Gothic revival style. However some of the best examples of Gothic Revival architecture are square or rectangular structures such as the Oxford University Museum of Natural History, and the Saint Clotilde Basilica in Paris. Gothic skyscrapers built in the early 20th century, such as the famous Woolworth Building of F.W. Woolworth Company or Chicago's Tribune Tower may be responsible for the style's most common stereotype but also prove wrong the second. In Canada some of the post promenate examples of Gothic revival architecture are the Victoria Memorial Museum, the Royal Mint, and Connaught Building, all in Ottawa by David Ewart.
/m/03tck1	Villarreal Club de Fútbol, S.A.D., usually abbreviated to Villarreal CF or just Villarreal, is a Spanish football club based in Villarreal, a city in the province of Castellón within the Valencian Community. Founded in 1923, it plays in La Liga, holding home games at El Madrigal, with a capacity for 24,890 spectators.\nThe club is nicknamed El Submarino Amarillo due to its yellow home kit, and due to being a low-profile team compared to Real Madrid, FC Barcelona, and Valencia CF, whom they have challenged for trophies over the last decade. Villarreal has often been touted as an example of small but successful club.
/m/01wz_ml	Charles Edward Anderson \"Chuck\" Berry is an American guitarist, singer and songwriter, and one of the pioneers of rock and roll music. With songs such as \"Maybellene\", \"Roll Over Beethoven\", \"Rock and Roll Music\" and \"Johnny B. Goode\", Chuck Berry refined and developed rhythm and blues into the major elements that made rock and roll distinctive, with lyrics focusing on teen life and consumerism and utilizing guitar solos and showmanship that would be a major influence on subsequent rock music.\nBorn into a middle-class family in St. Louis, Missouri, Berry had an interest in music from an early age and gave his first public performance at Sumner High School. While still a high school student he served a prison sentence for armed robbery from 1944 to 1947. On his release, Berry settled into married life and worked at an automobile assembly plant. By early 1953, influenced by the guitar riffs and showmanship techniques of blues player T-Bone Walker, he was performing in the evenings with the Johnnie Johnson Trio. His break came when he traveled to Chicago in May 1955, and met Muddy Waters, who suggested he contact Leonard Chess of Chess Records. With Chess he recorded \"Maybellene\"—Berry's adaptation of the country song \"Ida Red\"—which sold over a million copies, reaching No. 1 on Billboard's Rhythm and Blues chart. By the end of the 1950s, Berry was an established star with several hit records and film appearances to his name as well as a lucrative touring career. He had also established his own St. Louis-based nightclub, called Berry's Club Bandstand. But in January 1962, Berry was sentenced to three years in prison for offenses under the Mann Act—he had transported a 14-year-old girl across state lines.
/m/0h1x5f	Little Miss Sunshine is a 2006 American comedy-drama road film and the directorial film debut of the husband-wife team of Jonathan Dayton and Valerie Faris. The screenplay was written by first-time writer Michael Arndt. The movie stars Greg Kinnear, Steve Carell, Toni Collette, Paul Dano, Abigail Breslin and Alan Arkin, and was produced by Big Beach Films on a budget of US$8 million. Filming began on June 6, 2005 and took place over 30 days in Arizona and Southern California.\nThe film premiered at the Sundance Film Festival on January 20, 2006, and its distribution rights were bought by Fox Searchlight Pictures for one of the biggest deals made in the history of the festival. The film had a limited release in the United States on July 26, 2006, and later expanded to a wider release starting on August 18.\nLittle Miss Sunshine received critical acclaim and had an international box office gross of $100.5 million. The film was nominated for four Academy Awards, including Best Picture, and won two: Best Original Screenplay for Michael Arndt and Best Supporting Actor for Alan Arkin. It also won the Independent Spirit Award for Best Feature and received numerous other accolades.
/m/01qbjg	Stephen Joseph Cannell was an American television producer, writer, novelist and occasional actor, and the founder of Stephen J. Cannell Productions.
/m/09rvwmy	Solitary Man is a 2009 drama film written by Brian Koppelman, directed by David Levien and  Brian Koppelman.
/m/05hmp6	The 25th Academy Awards ceremony was held on March 19, 1953. It took place at the RKO Pantages Theatre in Hollywood, California and the NBC International Theatre in New York City.\nIt was the first Academy Awards ceremony to be televised, and the first ceremony to be held in Hollywood and New York City simultaneously. It was also the only year that the New York ceremonies were to be held in the NBC International Theatre on Columbus Circle, which was shortly thereafter demolished and replaced by the New York Coliseum convention center.\nA major upset occurred in the category of Best Picture. The heavily favored High Noon lost to Cecil B. DeMille's The Greatest Show on Earth, which is now considered among the worst films to have ever won the Academy Award for Best Picture. The American film magazine Premiere placed the movie on its list of the 10 worst Oscar winners and the British film magazine Empire rated it #3 on their list of the 10 worst Oscar winners. It has the lowest spot on Rotten Tomatoes' list of the 81 films to win Best Picture. Of all the films nominated for the Oscar this year, only High Noon and Singin' in the Rain would show up 36 years later on the American Film Institute list of the greatest American films of the 20th Century. For a film that only received two nominations, Singin' in the Rain went on to become the greatest American musical film of all time and in the 2007 American Film Institute updated list as the fifth greatest American film of all time, while High Noon was ranked twenty-seventh on the same 2007 list, as well.
/m/0hzgf	Tampere is a city in southern Finland. It is the most populous inland city in any of the Nordic countries.\nThe city has a population of 220,609, growing to 313 058 people in the urban area, and 364,000 in the metropolitan area on an area of 4,977 km² as of 2011. Tampere is the second-largest urban area and third most-populous municipality in Finland, after the Greater Helsinki municipalities of Helsinki and Espoo.\nTampere is located between two lakes, Näsijärvi and Pyhäjärvi. Since the two lakes differ in level by 18 metres, the rapids linking them, Tammerkoski, have been an important power source throughout history, most recently for generating electricity. Tampere is dubbed the \"Manchester of Finland\" for its industrial past as the former center of Finnish industry, and this has given rise to its Finnish nickname \"Manse\" and terms such as \"Manserock\".\nHelsinki can be reached in 1.5 hours by train and 2 hours by car. The distance to Turku is approximately the same. Tampere Airport is the third-busiest airport in Finland, with 800,000 passengers annually.
/m/0ddd9	Since 1901, the Nobel Prize in Literature has been awarded annually to an author from any country who has, in the words of the will of Alfred Nobel, produced \"in the field of literature the most outstanding work in an ideal direction\". Though individual works are sometimes cited as being particularly noteworthy, here \"work\" refers to an author's work as a whole. The Swedish Academy decides who, if anyone, will receive the prize in any given year. The academy announces the name of the chosen laureate in early October. It is one of the five Nobel Prizes established by the will of Alfred Nobel in 1895; the others are the Nobel Prize in Chemistry, Nobel Prize in Physics, Nobel Peace Prize, and Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine.\nNobel's choice of emphasis on idealism in his criteria for the Nobel Prize in Literature has led to recurrent controversy. In the original Swedish, the word idealisk translates as either \"idealistic\" or \"ideal\". In the early twentieth century, the Nobel Committee interpreted the intent of the will strictly. For this reason, they did not award certain world-renowned authors of the time such as James Joyce, Leo Tolstoy, Anton Chekhov, Marcel Proust, Henrik Ibsen, and Henry James. More recently, the wording has been more liberally interpreted. Thus, the prize is now awarded both for lasting literary merit and for evidence of consistent idealism on some significant level. In recent years, this means a kind of idealism championing human rights on a broad scale. Hence the award is now arguably more political.
/m/0c2tf	Gary Cooper was an American film actor. Noted for his stoic, understated style, Cooper found success in a number of film genres, including westerns, crime, comedy and drama. Cooper's career spanned from 1925 until shortly before his death, and comprised more than one hundred films.\nCooper received five Academy Award nominations for Best Actor, winning twice for Sergeant York and High Noon. He also received an Honorary Award in 1961 from the Academy.\nDecades later, the American Film Institute named Cooper among the AFI's 100 Years...100 Stars, ranking 11th among males. In 2003, his performances as Will Kane in High Noon, Lou Gehrig in The Pride of the Yankees, and Alvin York in Sergeant York made the AFI's 100 Years...100 Heroes & Villains list, all of them as heroes.
/m/063fh9	The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian is a 2008 epic fantasy film based on Prince Caspian, the second published, fourth chronological novel in C. S. Lewis's epic fantasy series, The Chronicles of Narnia. It is the second in The Chronicles of Narnia film series from Walden Media, following The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe. The four Pevensie children return to Narnia to aid Prince Caspian in his struggle for the throne against his corrupt uncle, King Miraz. The film was released on May 16, 2008 in the United States and on June 26, 2008 in the United Kingdom. The screenplay based on the novel by C. S. Lewis was written by Stephen McFeely and Christopher Markus.\nPrince Caspian is also the last Narnia film to be distributed by Walt Disney Pictures, as 20th Century Fox became the distributor of its future films starting with The Chronicles of Narnia: The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Work on the script began before The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe was released, so filming could begin before the actors grew too old for their parts. Director Andrew Adamson wanted to make the film more spectacular than the first, and created an action sequence not in the novel. The Narnians were designed to look wilder as they have been hiding from persecution, stressing the darker tone of the sequel. The filmmakers also took a Spanish influence for the antagonistic race of the Telmarines. Filming began in February 2007 in New Zealand, but unlike the previous film, the majority of shooting took place in Central Europe, because of the larger sets available in those countries. To keep costs down, Adamson chose to base post-production in the UK, because of recent tax credits there.
/m/045hz5	Sharmila Tagore is an Indian film actress. She has won National Film Awards and Filmfare Awards for her performances. She has led the Indian Film Censor Board from October 2004 till March 2011. In December 2005 she was chosen as an UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador. In 2013, she was awarded Padma Bhushan by the Government of India.
/m/01bzr4	Leon Schlesinger was an American film producer, most noted for founding Leon Schlesinger Studios, which later became the Warner Bros. Cartoons studio, during the Golden Age of American animation. He was also a distant relative of the Warner Brothers.
/m/03rz4	The Indian Ocean is the third largest of the world's oceanic divisions, covering approximately 20% of the water on the Earth's surface. It is bounded by Asia—including India, after which the ocean is named—on the north, on the west by Africa, on the east by Australia, and on the south by the Southern Ocean.\nAs one component of the World Ocean, the Indian Ocean is delineated from the Atlantic Ocean by the 20° east meridian running south from Cape Agulhas, and from the Pacific Ocean by the meridian of 146°55' east. The northernmost extent of the Indian Ocean is approximately 30° north in the Persian Gulf. The ocean is nearly 10,000 km wide at the southern tips of Africa and Australia, and its area is 73,556,000 km², including the Red Sea and the Persian Gulf.\nThe Indian Ocean's volume is estimated to be 292,131,000 km³. Small islands dot the continental rims. Island nations within the ocean are Madagascar, Comoros, Seychelles, Maldives, Mauritius, and Sri Lanka. The archipelago of Indonesia borders the ocean on the east.
/m/0h25	Ayn Rand was an American novelist, philosopher, playwright, and screenwriter. She is known for her two best-selling novels, The Fountainhead and Atlas Shrugged, and for developing a philosophical system she called Objectivism. Born and educated in Russia, Rand moved to the United States in 1926. She had a play produced on Broadway in 1935–1936. After two early novels that were initially unsuccessful in America, she achieved fame with her 1943 novel, The Fountainhead.\nIn 1957, she published her best-known work, the novel Atlas Shrugged. Afterward, she turned to non-fiction to promote her philosophy, publishing her own magazines and releasing several collections of essays until her death in 1982. Rand advocated reason as the only means of acquiring knowledge and rejected faith and religion. She supported rational and ethical egoism, and rejected ethical altruism. In politics, she condemned the initiation of force as immoral and opposed collectivism and statism as well as anarchism, instead supporting a minarchist limited government and laissez-faire capitalism, which she believed to be the only social system that protected individual rights. In art, Rand promoted romantic realism. She was sharply critical of most philosophers and philosophical traditions known to her, except for some Aristotelians and classical liberals.
/m/025sc50	Contemporary R&B, also known as R&B, is a music genre that combines elements of rhythm and blues, pop, soul, funk, and hip hop.\nAlthough the abbreviation \"R&B\" originates from traditional rhythm and blues music, today the term R&B is most often used to describe a style of African-American music originating after the decline of disco and funk in the 1980s.\nSome sources refer to the style as urban contemporary.\nContemporary R&B has a polished record production style, drum machine-backed rhythms, an occasional saxophone-laced beat to give a jazz feel, and a smooth, lush style of vocal arrangement. Electronic influences are becoming an increasing trend, and the use of hip hop or dance-inspired beats are typical, although the roughness and grit inherent in hip hop may be reduced and smoothed out. Contemporary R&B vocalists are often known for their use of melisma, popularized by vocalists such as Michael Jackson, Stevie Wonder, Whitney Houston, and Mariah Carey.
/m/05xb7q	The University of Karachi is a public research university located in the neighborhood of Gulshan-e-Iqbal of Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan. It is one of the oldest university in Pakistan and ranked among the top ten universities of the country in terms of the international standard, according to the Higher Education Commission in 2013. In 2009, the university successfully entered its name in the THE-QS World University Rankings for the top 500 universities in the world. World renowned and notable scholars have been associated and affiliated with the university as faculty, researchers, or alumni since its establishment. The university offers wide range of undergraduate and graduate degree programs and more than 19 world-class research institutes are under the university in all over Karachi.\nWith an approximated of more than 80,000 students currently attending the university, the KU is the university with the largest nation-wide enrollment as well as the most popular university in Pakistan and abroad by the number of applicants. The university is also a member of Association of Commonwealth Universities of the United Kingdom.\nThe Karachi University holds a unique position in the country's educational system and is distinguish reputation for conducting multi-disciplinary research in science and technology, medical research, and social sciences. As a respected research and reaching institution, the university is committed to intellectual leadership, and to excellence in both developing knowledge and conveying that knowledge to its students. The University of Karachi meets the commitments to preserve knowledge through its instructional and research programs for higher level education.
/m/01ksz9	Matador Records is an independent record label, with a roster of indie rock artists and bands.
/m/040db	Jorge Francisco Isidoro Luis Borges was an Argentine short-story writer, essayist, poet and translator born in Buenos Aires. His work embraces the \"character of unreality in all literature\". His most famous books, Ficciones and The Aleph, are compilations of short stories interconnected by common themes, including dreams, labyrinths, libraries, mirrors, infinity, fictional writers, philosophy, religion, and God.\nBorges's works have contributed to philosophical literature and also to the fantasy genre. The genre of magical realism reacted against the dominant realism and naturalism of the nineteenth century. Critic Ángel Flores, the first to use the term, considers the beginning of the movement to be the release of Borges's A Universal History of Infamy. His late poems dialogue with such cultural figures as Spinoza, Camões, and Virgil.\nIn 1914 his family moved to Switzerland, where he studied at the Collège de Genève. The family travelled widely in Europe, including stays in Spain. On his return to Argentina in 1921, Borges began publishing his poems and essays in surrealist literary journals. He also worked as a librarian and public lecturer. In 1955 he was appointed director of the National Public Library and professor of Literature at the University of Buenos Aires. He became completely blind at the age of fifty-five, so he was unable to read from this point on, never learning braille. Scholars have suggested that his progressive blindness helped him to create innovative literary symbols through imagination. In 1961 he came to international attention when he received the first Prix International, an award he shared with Samuel Beckett. In 1971 he won the Jerusalem Prize. His work was translated and published widely in the United States and in Europe. Borges himself was fluent in several languages. He dedicated his final work, The Conspirators, to the city of Geneva, Switzerland.
/m/0hqly	Steven Frederic Seagal is an American actor, film producer, screenwriter, film director, martial artist, musician and reserve deputy sheriff. A 7th-dan black belt in Aikido, Seagal began his adult life as an Aikido instructor in Japan. He became the first foreigner to operate an Aikido dojo in Japan.\nHe later moved to the Los Angeles, California, area where he made his film debut in 1988 in Above the Law. By 1991, he starred in three successful films and achieved greater fame in Under Siege, where he played Navy SEALs counter-terrorist expert Casey Ryback. However both On Deadly Ground and Under Siege 2: Dark Territory did less well at the box office. During the latter half of the 1990s, he starred in three more theatrical films and the direct-to-video film The Patriot. Since that time, with the exception of Exit Wounds and Half Past Dead, his career shifted almost entirely to direct-to-video films. Between 1998 to 2009, he appeared in a total of 22 of these. At the age of 59, he returned to the big screen as Torrez in the 2010 film Machete. In 2011, he filmed the third season of his reality show Steven Seagal: Lawman.
/m/01fs_4	Beatrice \"Bea\" Arthur was an American actress, comedian, and singer whose career spanned seven decades. Arthur achieved fame as the character Maude Findlay on the 1970s sitcoms All in the Family and Maude, and as Dorothy Zbornak on the 1980s sitcom The Golden Girls, winning Emmy Awards for both roles. A stage actress both before and after her television success, she won the Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Musical for her performance as Vera Charles in the original cast of Mame.
/m/0pm85	Emo is a style of rock music characterized by melodic musicianship and expressive, often confessional lyrics. It originated in the mid-1980s hardcore punk movement of Washington, D.C., where it was known as \"emotional hardcore\" or \"emocore\" and pioneered by bands such as Rites of Spring and Embrace.\nAs the style was echoed by contemporary American punk rock bands, its sound and meaning shifted and changed, blending with pop punk and indie rock and encapsulated in the early 1990s by groups such as Jawbreaker and Sunny Day Real Estate. By the mid-1990s numerous emo acts emerged from the Midwestern and Central United States, and several independent record labels began to specialize in the style.\nEmo broke into mainstream culture in the early 2000s with the platinum-selling success of Jimmy Eat World and Dashboard Confessional and the emergence of the subgenre \"screamo\". In recent years the term \"emo\" has been applied by critics and journalists to a variety of artists, including multiplatinum acts and groups with disparate styles and sounds.\nIn addition to music, \"emo\" is often used more generally to signify a particular relationship between fans and artists, and to describe related aspects of fashion, culture, and behavior.
/m/06bwtj	This is a list of the winners of the Tony Award for Best Lighting Design in a play or musical, first presented in 1970. In 2005 the category was divided with each genre represented separately.
/m/040dv	Jane Austen was an English novelist whose works of romantic fiction, set among the landed gentry, earned her a place as one of the most widely read writers in English literature. Her realism, biting irony and social commentary have gained her historical importance among scholars and critics.\nAusten lived her entire life as part of a close-knit family located on the lower fringes of the English landed gentry. She was educated primarily by her father and older brothers as well as through her own reading. The steadfast support of her family was critical to her development as a professional writer. Her artistic apprenticeship lasted from her teenage years into her thirties. During this period, she experimented with various literary forms, including the epistolary novel which she then abandoned, and wrote and extensively revised three major novels and began a fourth. From 1811 until 1816, with the release of Sense and Sensibility, Pride and Prejudice, Mansfield Park and Emma, she achieved success as a published writer. She wrote two additional novels, Northanger Abbey and Persuasion, both published posthumously in 1818, and began a third, which was eventually titled Sanditon, but died before completing it.
/m/0h326	Peter Lorre was an American actor of Jewish Austro-Hungarian descent.\nLorre caused an international sensation with his portrayal of a serial killer who preys on little girls in the German film M. In enforced exile in Hollywood, he later became a featured player in many Hollywood crime and mystery films. The Maltese Falcon, his first film with Humphrey Bogart and Sydney Greenstreet, was followed by Casablanca. Lorre and Greenstreet appeared in a further seven films together.\nFrequently typecast as a sinister foreigner, his later career was erratic. Lorre was the first actor to play a James Bond villain as Le Chiffre in a TV version of Casino Royale. Some of his last roles were in several horror films directed by Roger Corman.
/m/034np8	Jason Michael Lee is an American actor, comedian and professional skateboarder, known for his roles as the title character on the NBC television series, My Name is Earl, Syndrome in the film The Incredibles, Dave Seville in the Alvin and the Chipmunks films, and his work with director Kevin Smith. Lee is also the co-founder and co-owner of Stereo Skateboards, a company that sponsors team riders and is primarily concerned with the manufacture of skateboard decks.
/m/06g4_	Clinton Richard Dawkins, DSc, FRS, FRSL is an English ethologist, evolutionary biologist, and author. He is an emeritus fellow of New College, Oxford, and was the University of Oxford's Professor for Public Understanding of Science from 1995 until 2008.\nDawkins came to prominence with his 1976 book The Selfish Gene, which popularised the gene-centred view of evolution and introduced the term meme. In 1982, he introduced into evolutionary biology the influential concept that the phenotypic effects of a gene are not necessarily limited to an organism's body, but can stretch far into the environment, including the bodies of other organisms; this concept is presented in his book The Extended Phenotype.\nDawkins is an atheist, a vice president of the British Humanist Association, and a supporter of the Brights movement. He is well known for his criticism of creationism and intelligent design. In his 1986 book The Blind Watchmaker, he argues against the watchmaker analogy, an argument for the existence of a supernatural creator based upon the complexity of living organisms. Instead, he describes evolutionary processes as analogous to a blind watchmaker.
/m/0b_734	The 2002 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament involved 65 schools playing in single-elimination play to determine the national champion of men's NCAA Division I college basketball. It began on March 12, 2002, and ended with the championship game on April 1 in Atlanta, Georgia at the Georgia Dome. A total of 64 games were played.\nThis was the first year that the tournament used the so-called \"pod\" system, in which the eight first- and second-round sites are distributed around the four regionals. Teams were assigned to first round spots in order to minimize travel for as many teams as possible. The top seeds at each site were:\nSacramento: Oregon, USC\nAlbuquerque: Arizona, Ohio State\nDallas: Oklahoma, Mississippi State\nSt. Louis: Kansas, Kentucky\nChicago: Georgia, Illinois\nPittsburgh: Cincinnati, Pittsburgh\nWashington, D.C.: Maryland, Connecticut\nGreenville: Duke, Alabama\nPreviously, the eight first-/second-round sites would be assigned to a specific regional, and the two teams from any given site that made it to the Sweet 16 would have to face each other in that round. If the previous scheme had been in effect for this tournament the assigned sites would likely have been:
/m/03nt7j	The 2004 NFL Draft was the procedure by which National Football League teams selected amateur college football players. It is officially known as the NFL Annual Player Selection Meeting. The draft was held April 24–25, 2004 at the theater at Madison Square Garden. No teams elected to claim any players in the supplemental draft that year.\nThe draft was shown on ESPN both days and eventually moved to ESPN2 both days. The draft began with the San Diego Chargers selecting Eli Manning who was later traded to the New York Giants in the Manning-Rivers trade. There were 32 compensatory selections distributed among 16 teams, with the Eagles, Rams, and Jets each receiving 4 compensatory picks. The draft set several records, including the most wide receivers selected in the first round, with seven. Another record set by the draft was the most trades in the first round, with twenty-eight trades. The University of Miami set an NFL record for the most first rounders drafted with 6. Ohio State set an NFL draft record having 14 total players selected through all rounds. As of 2012, this draft also has two other records attached to it: it became the draft with the shortest time between having multiple quarterbacks being drafted and starting for Super Bowl winners and it has become the first draft ever to have produced two QBs who each won multiple Super Bowls. The 255 players chosen in the draft were composed of:
/m/02z7f3	Metalcore is a broad fusion genre of extreme metal and hardcore punk. The name is an amalgam of the names of the two genres, distinguished by its emphasis on breakdowns, which are slow, intense passages that are conducive to moshing. Pioneering bands, such as— Hogan's Heroes, Earth Crisis, and Integrity, —are described to lean more toward hardcore punk, whereas latter bands—Killswitch Engage, Underoath, All That Remains, Trivium, As I Lay Dying, Bullet for My Valentine, and The Devil Wears Prada —are described to lean more towards metal. Sepultura, who has been credited as \"helped to lay the groundwork\" in the 2000s, and Pantera, who influenced Trivium, Atreyu, Bleeding Through and Unearth, have also, been influential in the 2000s, and the further development of metalcore.
/m/09vw2b7	A special effects supervisor is an individual who works on a commercial, theater, television or film set creating special effects. The supervisor generally is the department head who defers to the film's director and/or producers, and who is in charge of the entire special effects team. Special effects include anything that is manual or mechanically manipulated. This may include the use of mechanized props, special effects makeup, props, scenery, scale models, pyrotechnics and atmospheric effects: creating physical wind, rain, fog, snow, clouds etc.\nSpecial effects or are produced on the set, as opposed to those created in post-production which are generally called \"visual effects\". In recent years real physical special effects have been largely overshadowed by computer-generated imagery effects created in post-production.\"\nSome examples of special effects are explosions, car crashes and chases, gunshots, earthquake effects, special makeup, prosthetics, special set construction, snow and rain.\nSpecial Effects Technician is a person working in the special effects department, under the special effects supervisor, and he is responsible for creating and assisting special effects. Major motion pictures, with many special effects many have many special effects technicians.
/m/09x7p1	The War in North-West Pakistan is an armed conflict involving the United States, Pakistan, and the armed militant groups such as the Taliban, LeI, TNSM, al–Qaeda, regional armed movements, and elements of organized crime.\nThe armed conflict began in 2004 when tensions, rooted in the Pakistan Army's search for al-Qaeda fighters in Pakistan's mountainous Waziristan area, escalated into armed resistance. Pakistan's actions were presented as its contribution to the international War on Terror. Clashes further erupted between unified Pakistan Armed Forces and the Central Asian militant groups, allied with the Arab fighters, in 2008–10. The foreign militants were joined by Pakistani non-military veterans of the Afghan war in West which subsequently established the TTP and other militant umbrella organizations such as LeI. The TNSM established in 1992 allied with the TTP and LeI.\nThe war depleted the country's manpower resources and the outcomes outlined a deep effect on its national economy since Pakistan had joined the U.S-led War on Terror. According to the Ministry of Finance statistics and mathematical data survey collections, the economy has suffered direct and indirect losses of up to ~$67.93 billion since 2001 due to its role as a \"frontline state.\" According to the MoF issued Pakistan Economic Survey 2010-11, pointed out that \"Pakistan has never witnessed such a devastating social and economic upheaval in its industry, even after dismemberment of the country by a direct war with India in 1971.\"
/m/0x2p	The Atlanta Braves are a Major League Baseball team in Atlanta, Georgia, playing in the Eastern Division of the National League. The Braves have played home games at Turner Field since 1997 and play spring training games in Lake Buena Vista, Florida. In 2017, the team is to move to a new $672 million stadium complex in the Cumberland highrise district of Cobb County just north of the I-285 bypass.\nThe \"Braves\" name, which was first used in 1912, originates from a term for a Native American warrior. They are nicknamed \"the Bravos\", and often referred to as \"America's Team\" in reference to the team's games being broadcast on the nationally available TBS from the 1970s until 2007, giving the team a wide fan base.\nFrom 1991 to 2005 the Braves were one of the most successful franchises in baseball, winning division titles an unprecedented 14 consecutive times in that period. The Braves won the NL West 1991–93 and the NL East 1995–2005, and they returned to the playoffs as the National League Wild Card in 2010. The Braves advanced to the World Series five times in the 1990s, winning the title in 1995. Since their debut in the National League in 1876, the franchise has won 16 divisional titles, 17 National League pennants, and three World Series championships—in 1914 as the Boston Braves, in 1957 as the Milwaukee Braves, and in 1995 in Atlanta. The Braves are the only Major League Baseball franchise to have won the World Series in three different home cities.
/m/03f5vvx	Margaret Hilda Thatcher, Baroness Thatcher, LG OM PC FRS, was the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1979 to 1990 and the Leader of the Conservative Party from 1975 to 1990. She was the longest-serving British Prime Minister of the 20th century and is the only woman to have held the office. A Soviet journalist dubbed her the \"Iron Lady\", a nickname that became associated with her uncompromising politics and leadership style. As Prime Minister, she implemented policies that have come to be known as Thatcherism.\nOriginally a research chemist before becoming a barrister, Thatcher was elected Member of Parliament for Finchley in 1959. Edward Heath appointed her Secretary of State for Education and Science in his 1970 government. In 1975, Thatcher defeated Heath in the Conservative Party leadership election to become Leader of the Opposition and became the first woman to lead a major political party in the United Kingdom. She became Prime Minister after winning the 1979 general election.\nUpon moving into 10 Downing Street, Thatcher introduced a series of political and economic initiatives intended to reverse high unemployment and Britain's struggles in the wake of the Winter of Discontent and an ongoing recession. Her political philosophy and economic policies emphasised deregulation, flexible labour markets, the privatisation of state-owned companies, and reducing the power and influence of trade unions. Thatcher's popularity during her first years in office waned amid recession and high unemployment until the 1982 Falklands War brought a resurgence of support, resulting in her re-election in 1983.
/m/0ylgz	Brasenose College is one of the constituent colleges of the University of Oxford in the United Kingdom. It was founded in 1509, with the College library and current chapel added in the mid-seventeenth century. The College's New Quadrangle was completed in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries, with additional residence areas completed in the 1960s and 1970s.\nAs of 2012, it has an financial endowment of £90 million. For the degree year 2011/2012, Brasenose ranked 2nd in the Norrington Table.\nBrasenose is home to one of the oldest rowing clubs in the world, Brasenose College Boat Club.
/m/03hpr	Harlan Jay Ellison is an American writer. His principal genre is speculative fiction.\nHis published works include over 1,700 short stories, novellas, screenplays, comic book scripts, teleplays, essays, a wide range of criticism covering literature, film, television, and print media. He was editor and anthologist for two ground-breaking science fiction anthologies, Dangerous Visions and Again, Dangerous Visions. Ellison has won numerous awards including multiple Hugos, Nebulas and Edgars.
/m/027xbpw	Daniel \"Danny\" Smith is an executive producer, writer and voice actor on the American animated television series Family Guy. He has been with the show since its inception and throughout the years has contributed many episodes, such as \"Holy Crap\", \"The Father, the Son, and the Holy Fonz\", \"Chitty Chitty Death Bang\" and the Christmas themed episodes,\"Road to the North Pole\" and \"A Very Special Family Guy Freakin' Christmas\". He is the only Family Guy writer who hails from the State of Rhode Island, ) and was instrumental in the creation of the Griffins’ fictional home town of Quahog. Smith graduated from Rhode Island College in 1981.\nHe is the voice of Ernie the Giant Chicken, Buzz Killington, The Evil Monkey, and Al Harrington of Al Harrington's Wacky Waving Inflatable Arm-Flailing Tubeman Emporium & Warehouse. In commentaries, he has stated that he recorded the fast-talking segments in one or two takes without any form of audio editing.\nAn experienced sitcom writer, he has written for several television shows, such as Nurses, 3rd Rock from the Sun, Yes, Dear and Head of the Class.\nSmith acted in many Rhode Island College Theatre productions, including one where he nearly cut off the finger of a fellow actor during a swordfight on stage. He also wrote and illustrated a regular feature in the school's paper, The Anchor. This feature was called, Joe Flynn and His Dog Spot. One April Fool's self-parody of this feature was titled, Joe Flynn and His Dong Spots.
/m/0sq2v	The city of South Bend is the county seat of St. Joseph County, Indiana, United States, on the St. Joseph River near its southernmost bend, from which it derives its name. As of the 2010 census, the city had a total of 101,168 residents; its Metropolitan Statistical Area had a population of 318,586 and Combined Statistical Area of 721,296. It is the fourth largest city in Indiana and the economic and cultural hub of the Michiana region, with the University of Notre Dame located just to the north in unincorporated Notre Dame, Indiana.\nThe area was originally settled in the early 19th century by fur traders, and established as a city in 1865. The St. Joseph River shaped South Bend's economy through the mid-20th century. River access assisted heavy industrial development such as that of the Studebaker Corporation, the Oliver Chilled Plow Company, and other large corporations.\nThe population of South Bend has declined since a peak of 132,445 in 1960, chiefly due to migration to suburban areas as well as the demise of Studebaker and other heavy industry. The 2000 census recorded a population increase of 2.2% from 1990, the first since 1960. Today, the largest industries in South Bend are health care, education, small business, and tourism. Remaining large corporations include Crowe Horwath, Honeywell, and AM General.
/m/0ctt4z	Forward–center is a basketball position for players who play or have played both forward and center on a consistent basis. Typically, this means power forward and center, since these are usually the two biggest player positions on any basketball team, and therefore more often overlap each other.\nForward–center came into the basketball jargon as the game evolved and became more specialized in the 1960s. In fact, the five positions on court were originally known only as guard, forward and center, but it is now generally accepted that the five primary positions are point guard, shooting guard, small forward, power forward and center.\nTypically, a forward–center is a talented forward who also came to play minutes at center on teams that needed help at that position. Or the player could be a somewhat floor-bound center, under seven feet tall at the NBA level, whose skills also suit him to a power forward position, especially if that team has a better center. One such player is Marcus Camby of the New York Knicks. At 6'11\" in height, he generally plays the position of center, but when he played for the New York Knicks earlier in his career, he mostly played power forward due to his team having one of the better pure centers in the league in 7'0\" Patrick Ewing. Ewing himself was used as a forward–center early in his career to use his offensive game to complement the then-incumbent Knicks center, 7'1\" Bill Cartwright. Ralph Sampson was another notable forward–center during that time who played center his rookie year in 1983. In 1984, at 7'4\", he moved to power forward when 7'0\" Hakeem Olajuwon was drafted that year.
/m/0cqbc	The asteroid belt is the region of the Solar System located roughly between the orbits of the planets Mars and Jupiter. It is occupied by numerous irregularly shaped bodies called asteroids or minor planets. The asteroid belt is also termed the main asteroid belt or main belt to distinguish its members from other asteroids in the Solar System such as near-Earth asteroids and trojan asteroids. About half the mass of the belt is contained in the four largest asteroids, Ceres, Vesta, Pallas, and Hygiea. Vesta, Pallas, and Hygiea have mean diameters of more than 400 km, whereas Ceres, the asteroid belt's only dwarf planet, is about 950 km in diameter. The remaining bodies range down to the size of a dust particle. The asteroid material is so thinly distributed that numerous unmanned spacecraft have traversed it without incident. Nonetheless, collisions between large asteroids do occur, and these can form an asteroid family whose members have similar orbital characteristics and compositions. Individual asteroids within the asteroid belt are categorized by their spectra, with most falling into three basic groups: carbonaceous, silicate, and metal-rich.\nThe asteroid belt formed from the primordial solar nebula as a group of planetesimals, the smaller precursors of the planets, which in turn formed protoplanets. Between Mars and Jupiter, however, gravitational perturbations from Jupiter imbued the protoplanets with too much orbital energy for them to accrete into a planet. Collisions became too violent, and instead of fusing together, the planetesimals and most of the protoplanets shattered. As a result, 99.9% of the asteroid belt's original mass was lost in the first 100 million years of the Solar System's history. Some fragments can eventually find their way into the inner Solar System, leading to meteorite impacts with the inner planets. Asteroid orbits continue to be appreciably perturbed whenever their period of revolution about the Sun forms an orbital resonance with Jupiter. At these orbital distances, a Kirkwood gap occurs as they are swept into other orbits.
/m/01l_pn	Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle is a 2003 American action comedy film. It is the sequel to 2000's Charlie's Angels. It opened in the United States on June 27, 2003, and was number one at the box office for that weekend and made a worldwide total of $259.2 million.\nIn an ensemble cast, Cameron Diaz, Drew Barrymore and Lucy Liu return as Natalie, Dylan, and Alex respectively. It also features Demi Moore, Shia LaBeouf, Robert Patrick, Crispin Glover, Justin Theroux, Matt LeBlanc, Luke Wilson, John Cleese, Pink, with Jaclyn Smith reprising her role as Kelly Garrett, and Bernie Mac replacing Bill Murray in the role of Bosley. This was John Forsythe's final film appearance before his retirement and his death in 2010.
/m/0tygl	Pittsfield is the largest city and the county seat of Berkshire County, Massachusetts, United States. It is the principal city of the Pittsfield, Massachusetts Metropolitan Statistical Area which encompasses all of Berkshire County. Its area code is 413. Its ZIP code is 01201. The population was 44,737 at the 2010 census. Although the population has declined in recent decades, Pittsfield remains the third largest municipality in western Massachusetts, behind only Springfield and Chicopee.\nIn 2005, Farmers Insurance ranked Pittsfield 20th in the United States as “Most Secure Place To Live” among small towns with fewer than 150,000 residents. In 2006, Forbes ranked Pittsfield as number 61 in its list of Best Small Places for Business. In 2008, Country Home magazine ranked Pittsfield as #24 in a listing of \"green cities\" east of the Mississippi. In 2009, the City of Pittsfield was chosen to receive a 2009 Commonwealth Award, Massachusetts' highest award in the arts, humanities, and sciences. In 2010, the Financial Times proclaimed Pittsfield the \"Brooklyn of the Berkshires\", in an article covering its recent renaissance.
/m/04dn71w	A dance film is a film in which dance is a central theme of the story. In such films, the creation of choreography typically exists only in film or video. At its best, dance films use filming and editing techniques to create twists in the plotline, multiple layers of reality, and emotional or psychological depth.\nDance film is also known as the cinematic interpretation of existing dance works, originally created for live performance. When existing dance works are modified for the purposes of filming this can involve a wide variety of film techniques. Depending on the amount of choreographic and/or presentational adjustment an original work is subjected to, the filmed version may be considered as Dance for Camera.\nThese definitions are not agreed upon by those working with dance and film or video.
/m/043z0	Jackson County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. Its population was 160,248 as of the 2010 Census. This county is the sole county in the Jackson Metropolitan Statistical Area. The county seat is Jackson. It is named for U.S. President Andrew Jackson. It is considered to be one of Michigan's \"Cabinet counties\", named for members of Jackson's Cabinet. The county was set off in 1829 and organized in 1832.\nThe Jackson County Courthouse was designed by Claire Allen, a prominent southern Michigan architect. Jackson County is also home to the Michigan Whitetail Hall Of Fame.
/m/0f67f	Kalamazoo is a city in the southwest region of the U.S. state of Michigan. It is the county seat of Kalamazoo County. Kalamazoo is located geographically in Western and Southern Michigan. As of the 2010 census, Kalamazoo had a total population of 74,262. Kalamazoo is the major city of the Kalamazoo-Portage Metropolitan Statistical Area, which has a population of 326,589 as of 2010.\nKalamazoo is home to Western Michigan University, a large public university, and Kalamazoo College, a liberal arts school. Kalamazoo is home to major players in the pharmaceutical and medical science industries. Kalamazoo is also known for its importance in the world of music as it was the original home to Gibson guitars. Kalamazoo has also built a reputation as a major player in the American craft beer movement.\nKalamazoo finds itself located equidistant from major American cities Chicago and Detroit, both less than 150 miles from Kalamazoo.
/m/03zv3n	Helsingborg is a town and the seat of Helsingborg Municipality, Skåne County, Sweden. It had 97,122 inhabitants in 2010. Helsingborg is the centre of an area in the Øresund region of about 320,000 inhabitants in north-west Scania, and is Sweden's closest point to Denmark, with the Danish city Helsingør clearly visible on the other side of the Øresund about 4 km to the west.\nBetween 1912 and 1971 the name of the town was officially spelled Hälsingborg.\nHistoric Helsingborg, with its many old buildings, is a scenic coastal city. The buildings are a blend of old-style stone-built churches and a 600 year old medieval fortress in the city centre, and more modern commercial buildings. The streets vary from wide avenues to small alley-ways. Kullagatan, the main pedestrian shopping street in the city, was the first pedestrian shopping street in Sweden.
/m/01bns_	The zither is a musical string instrument, consisting of many strings stretched across a thin, flat body. It is played by strumming or plucking the strings, either with one's fingers, or using a tool called a plectrum. Like a guitar or lute, a zither's body serves as a sound box, but unlike them, a zither has no neck. The number of strings varies, from as few as twelve to more than fifty.\nThe term 'zither' organologically refers to a broad family of Eurasian musical instruments, but in modern usage most commonly refers to one of three specific instruments: the concert zither and its variant the Alpine zither and the fretless zither. Zither are most commonly found in Slovenia, Austria, Hungary, northwestern Croatia, the southern regions of Germany, alpine Europe, and East Asian cultures, including China.\nThe instrument underwent a popularity boom and resurgence in the late 1940s through to 1960s, following its prominent success as the theme music of the acclaimed 1949 film noir, The Third Man.
/m/026n13j	Athlétic Club Arles-Avignon is a French association football club originally based in Arles. The club was founded in 1912 as a result of a merger and was formerly known as Athlétic Club Arles, but in 2010, moved to the nearby commune of Avignon and adopted its current name. Arles-Avignon currently plays in Ligue 2, the second division in French football, having suffered relegation to the league after playing in Ligue 1 in the 2010–11 season. The club's ascension to the first division was notable due in part to the fact that the club achieved successive promotions in four of the past five football seasons.\nArles-Avignon plays its home matches at the Parc des Sports in nearby Avignon. The team is managed by former football player Franck Dumas and captained by defender Sébastien Cantini, who joined the club in 2012, after a five-year stint in Italy. In France, it has been commonplace to described Arles-Avignon as an overachieving club primarily due to succeeding despite limited resources. Arles-Avignon's highest honour to date was winning its group in the Championnat de France amateur, the fourth level of French football, in 2007. Regionally, the club has won the Division Honneur Sud-Est Ouest three times and its reserve team are the current defending champions of the Méditerranée Division Honneur Régionale.
/m/0415mzy	Nadir Khayat professionally known as RedOne, is a Moroccan-Swedish producer, songwriter and music executive now based in the United States.\nAs a producer and songwriter, he has worked with many high profile recording artists, most notably Lady Gaga, Nicki Minaj, Jennifer Lopez, Pitbull, Enrique Iglesias, Mariah Carey, Paulina Rubio, Mylène Farmer and Alexandra Burke. His production discography boasts many Billboard and international hits, which he produced and co-wrote. RedOne has established his own record label named 2101 Records as a joint venture with Universal Music Group. RedOne has been nominated for six Grammy awards, winning two. In 2009, he was the number one producer on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart, ranking number three as songwriter. Commonly, he produces pop, dance, eurodance, house genres.
/m/0phx4	Damon Albarn is an English musician, singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist and record producer. He is best known for being the frontman of the alternative rock band Blur as well as vocalist and principal songwriter of virtual band Gorillaz.\nRaised in Leytonstone, London and around Colchester, Essex, Albarn attended Stanway Comprehensive School where he met Graham Coxon and eventually formed Blur whose debut album, Leisure, was released in 1991 to mixed reviews. After spending long periods of time touring the United States, Albarn's songwriting became increasingly influenced by British bands from the 1960s. The result of these influences came in the form of Modern Life Is Rubbish, Parklife and The Great Escape. All three albums received widespread critical acclaim while Blur gained mass popularity in the UK, aided by a rivalry shared with Oasis. Subsequent albums contained influences from lo-fi, electronic and hip hop music.\nIn 1998, Albarn along with Tank Girl creator Jamie Hewlett, formed the \"virtual band\" Gorillaz. Drawing influences from hip hop, electronica, dub and alternative rock, the band released their self-titled debut album in 2001 which was hugely successful worldwide. Although Albarn is the only permanent musical contributor, the albums feature many collaborations from a wide range of artists. Gorillaz are cited by the Guinness Book of World Records as the \"Most Successful Virtual Band\".
/m/021w0_	California State University, Long Beach is the second largest campus of the 23 school California State University system and one of the largest universities in the state of California by enrollment, its student body numbering 36,279 for the Fall 2012 semester. At 5,148 students, the university enrolls one of the largest graduate student populations across the CSU and in the state of California alone. The university is located at the southeastern coastal tip of Los Angeles County, less than one mile from the border with Orange County. The university offers 137 different Bachelor's degrees, 92 types of Master's degrees, 5 Doctoral degrees including two Doctor of Education, a Ph.D in Engineering, a Doctor of Physical Therapy and Education specialist, and 29 different teaching credentials.\nLong Beach State is one of the West Coast's top universities in student body racial diversity, being named the 5th most diverse university in the West by U.S. News & World Report. It is also home to the largest publicly funded art school west of the Mississippi. The university currently operates with one of the lowest student fees in the country at US$6,738 per year for full-time students having California residence. Resultantly, CSULB has been recognized repeatedly as one of \"America's Best Value Colleges\" by the Princeton Review.
/m/01jq34	The University of Maryland, College Park is a public research university located in the city of College Park in Prince George's County, Maryland, approximately 8 miles from Washington, D.C. Founded in 1856, the University of Maryland is the flagship institution of the University System of Maryland. It is considered a Public Ivy institution. With a fall 2010 enrollment of more than 37,000 students, over 100 undergraduate majors, and 120 graduate programs, Maryland is the largest university in the state and the largest in the Washington Metropolitan Area. It is a member of the Association of American Universities and a founding member of the Atlantic Coast Conference athletic league.\nThe University of Maryland's proximity to the nation's capital has resulted in strong research partnerships with the Federal government. Many members of the faculty receive research funding and institutional support from agencies such as the National Institutes of Health, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, the National Institute of Standards and Technology, and the Department of Homeland Security.
/m/01cx_	Boston is the capital and largest city of the state of Massachusetts, in the United States. Boston also serves as county seat of the state's Suffolk County. The largest city in New England, the city proper, covering 48 square miles, had an estimated population of 636,000 in 2012, making it the 21st largest city in the United States. The city is the anchor of a substantially larger metropolitan area called Greater Boston, home to 4.5 million people and the tenth-largest metropolitan area in the country. Greater Boston as a commuting region is home to 7.6 million people, making it the sixth-largest Combined Statistical Area in the United States.\nOne of the oldest cities in the United States, Boston was founded on the Shawmut Peninsula in 1630 by Puritan colonists from England. It was the scene of several key events of the American Revolution, such as the Boston Massacre, the Boston Tea Party, the Battle of Bunker Hill and the Siege of Boston. Upon American independence from Great Britain, the city continued to be an important port and manufacturing hub, as well as a center for education and culture. Through land reclamation and municipal annexation, Boston has expanded beyond the original peninsula. Its rich history helps attract many tourists, with Faneuil Hall alone attracting over 20 million visitors. Boston's many \"firsts\" include the United States' first public school, and first subway system.
/m/031rp3	Morgan Creek Productions is an American film studio that has released box-office hits like Young Guns, Dead Ringers, Major League, True Romance, Ace Ventura: Pet Detective, The Crush, and Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves, and others. The studio was co-founded in 1988 by James G. Robinson, and Joe Roth.\nSubdivision Morgan Creek Records has produced soundtrack albums to films as well as the rock bands, Eleven and Miracle Legion.\nFounder Robinson continues to lead the company as chairman and CEO. His son, David C. Robinson, serves as vice president.
/m/01x2_q	Daniel James Heatley is a Canadian professional ice hockey winger for the Minnesota Wild of the National Hockey League. Originally drafted by the Atlanta Thrashers second overall in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft, he won the Calder Memorial Trophy as the top NHL rookie in 2002. However, after being responsible for a car accident in September 2003 that killed teammate and close friend Dan Snyder, he requested a trade and was subsequently dealt to the Ottawa Senators.\nOne of the Senators' perennial leading scorers during his tenure with Ottawa, Heatley set franchise records for single-season goals, which he achieved in back to back seasons in 2005-2006 and 2006-2007, and points, during the 2006-2007 season. He played on the left wing with line mates Jason Spezza and Daniel Alfredsson. The line was consistently among the highest scoring in the NHL after its formation in the 2005-2006 season, with the trio combining for a total of 296 points that season.\nHeatley has represented Team Canada in six World Championships, two Olympics and one World Cup of Hockey, as well as two World Junior Championships. In 2008, he surpassed Marcel Dionne as Canada's all-time leader in goals and Steve Yzerman as the all-time leader in points for the World Championships.
/m/0ncy4	Wimbledon is a suburban district of southwest London, England, in the London Borough of Merton, located south of Wandsworth, east of Kingston upon Thames, west of Mitcham and north of Sutton. It is situated within Greater London. It is home to the Wimbledon Tennis Championships and New Wimbledon Theatre, and contains Wimbledon Common, one of the largest areas of common land in London. The residential area is split into two sections known as the \"village\" and the \"town\", with the High Street being part of the original medieval village, and the \"town\" being part of the modern development since the building of the railway station in 1838.\nWimbledon has been inhabited since at least the Iron Age when the hill fort on Wimbledon Common is thought to have been constructed. In 1087 when the Domesday Book was compiled, Wimbledon was part of the manor of Mortlake. The ownership of the manor of Wimbledon changed between various wealthy families many times during its history, and the area also attracted other wealthy families who built large houses such as Eagle House, Wimbledon House and Warren House. The village developed with a stable rural population coexisting alongside nobility and wealthy merchants from the city. In the 18th century the Dog and Fox public house became a stop on the stagecoach run from London to Portsmouth, then in 1838 the London and South Western Railway opened a station to the south east of the village at the bottom of Wimbledon hill. The location of the station shifted the focus of the town's subsequent growth away from the original village centre.
/m/0fbx6	Juliette Binoche is an award-winning French actress, artist and dancer. She has appeared in more than 40 feature films, been recipient of numerous international accolades, is a published author and has appeared on stage across the world. Coming from an artistic background, she began taking acting lessons during adolescence. After performing in several stage productions, she was propelled into the world of auteurs Jean-Luc Godard, Jacques Doillon and André Téchiné, who made her a star in France with the leading role in his 1985 drama Rendez-vous. Her sensual performance in her English-language debut The Unbearable Lightness of Being, directed by Philip Kaufman, launched her international career.\nShe sparked the interest of Steven Spielberg, who offered her several parts including a role in Jurassic Park which she declined, choosing instead to join Krzysztof Kieślowski on the set of Three Colors: Blue, a performance for which she won the Venice Film Festival Award for Best Actress and a César. Three years later Binoche gained further acclaim in Anthony Minghella's The English Patient, for which she was awarded an Academy Award and a BAFTA for Best Supporting Actress in addition to the Best Actress Award at the 1997 Berlin Film Festival. For her performance in Lasse Hallström's romantic comedy Chocolat Binoche was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actress.
/m/0njdm	Macomb County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2010 census, the population was 840,978, making it the third most populous county in the state. Of Michigan's five largest counties, Macomb experienced the most population growth between 2000 and 2010. The county seat is Mt. Clemens. Macomb County is part of the Detroit metropolitan area; the city of Detroit is located south of 8 Mile Road, the county's southern border. Macomb County contains 28 cities, townships and villages, including three of the top ten most populous municipalities in Michigan as of the 2010 census: Warren, Sterling Heights and Clinton Township. Most of this population is concentrated south of Hall Road, one of the county's main thoroughfares.
/m/04wx2v	Melissa Chessington Leo is an American actress. After appearing on several television shows and films in the 1980s, her breakthrough role came in 1993 as Det. Sgt. Kay Howard on the television series Homicide: Life on the Street for the show's first five seasons from 1993 to 1997. She was also previously been a regular on the television shows All My Children and The Young Riders. Her breakthrough film role was in the 2003 film, 21 Grams as Marianne Jordan. She was also in the 2013 film Oblivion, starring as NASA Ground Control correspondent Sally.\nFollowing several films, Leo received critical acclaim and national attention in the 2008 film, Frozen River earning several nominations and awards, including an Oscar nomination for Best Actress. Leo earned several awards for her role as Alice Ward in the 2010 film, The Fighter, including the Golden Globe, Screen Actors Guild Award and Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress.\nLeo currently stars on the main cast of the HBO television series Treme in the role of Antoinette \"Toni\" Bernette.
/m/01vvzb1	Earl Simmons, better known by his stage names DMX and Dark Man X, is an American rapper and actor. In 1999, DMX released his best-selling album ...And Then There Was X, which featured the hit single \"Party Up\". He has acted in films such as Belly, Romeo Must Die, Exit Wounds, Cradle 2 The Grave, and Last Hour. In 2006, he starred in the reality television series DMX: Soul of a Man, which was primarily aired on the BET cable television network. In 2003, DMX published a book of his memoirs entitled, E.A.R.L.: The Autobiography of DMX. DMX has sold over 30 million records worldwide, making him one of the best-selling hip-hop artists of all time.
/m/018x3	Brian Peter George St. John le Baptiste de la Salle Eno, RDI, professionally known as Brian Eno or simply as Eno, is an English musician, composer, record producer, singer, and visual artist, known as one of the principal innovators of ambient music.\nEno was a student of Roy Ascott on his Groundcourse at Ipswich Civic College. Then he studied at Colchester Institute art school in Essex, England, taking inspiration from minimalist painting. During his time on the art course at the Institute, he also gained experience in playing and making music through teaching sessions held in the adjacent music school. He joined the band Roxy Music as synthesiser player in the early 1970s. Roxy Music's success in the glam rock scene came quickly, but Eno soon tired of touring and of conflicts with lead singer Bryan Ferry.\nEno's solo music has explored more experimental musical styles and ambient music. It has also been immensely influential, pioneering ambient and generative music, innovating production techniques, and emphasising \"theory over practice\". He also introduced the concept of chance music to popular audiences, partially through collaborations with other musicians. Eno has also worked as an influential music and album producer. By the end of the 1970s, Eno had worked with David Bowie on the seminal \"Berlin Trilogy\" and helped popularise the American band Devo and the punk-influenced \"No Wave\" genre. He produced and performed on three albums by Talking Heads, including Remain in Light, and produced seven albums for U2, including The Joshua Tree. Eno has also worked on records by James, Laurie Anderson, Coldplay, Depeche Mode, Paul Simon, Grace Jones, James Blake and Slowdive, among others.
/m/0d5fb	Rugby School is a co-educational day and boarding school located in the town of Rugby, Warwickshire, England. Rugby School is a registered charity #528752 and is one of the oldest independent schools in Britain. The influence of Rugby and its pupils and masters in the nineteenth century was enormous and in many ways the stereotype of the English public school is a reworking of Thomas Arnold's Rugby. It is one of the best known schools in the country and seen as an innovator in education. \"Floreat Rugbeia\" is the traditional school song.
/m/0g7s1n	Reial Club Deportiu Espanyol de Barcelona B, S.A.D. is a Spanish football club based in Barcelona, in the autonomous community of Catalonia. Founded in 1981, it is the reserve team of RCD Espanyol and plays in Segunda División B – Group 3, holding home matches at Ciutat Esportiva de Sant Adrià, with a 6,000-seat capacity.\nUnlike the English League, reserve teams in Spain play in the same football pyramid as their senior team rather than a separate league. However, reserve teams cannot play in the same division as their senior team, also not being able to compete in the Copa del Rey.
/m/01gx5f	Michael Allan \"Mike\" Patton is an American singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, producer, and actor, best known as the lead singer of the alternative metal band Faith No More. He was also the founder and lead singer of experimental band Mr. Bungle, and has played with Tomahawk, Fantômas, Lovage, The Dillinger Escape Plan, and Peeping Tom.\nKnown for his eclectic influences and experimental projects, Patton has earned critical praise for his diverse array of vocal techniques. He has many producer or co-producer credits with artists such as John Zorn, Sepultura, Melvins, Melt-Banana, and Kool Keith. He co-founded Ipecac Recordings with Greg Werckman in 1999, and has run the label since.
/m/09j2d	Clothing is fiber and textile material worn on the body. The wearing of clothing is mostly restricted to human beings and is a feature of nearly all human societies. The amount and type of clothing worn is dependent on physical stature, gender, as well as social and geographic considerations.\nPhysically, clothing serves many purposes: it can serve as protection from the elements, and can enhance safety during hazardous activities such as hiking and cooking. It protects the wearer from rough surfaces, rash-causing plants, insect bites, splinters, thorns and prickles by providing a barrier between the skin and the environment. Clothes can insulate against cold or hot conditions. Further, they can provide a hygienic barrier, keeping infectious and toxic materials away from the body. Clothing also provides protection from harmful UV radiation.\nClothes can be made out of fiber plants such as cotton, plastics such as polyester, or animal skin and hair such as wool. Humans began wearing clothes roughly 83,000 to 170,000 years ago.
/m/01m20m	West Hartford is a town located in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States. The town was incorporated in 1854. Prior to that date, the town was a parish of Hartford.\nThe population was 63,268 at the 2010 census. The town is primarily an upmarket inner-ring suburb of Hartford. The town has a downtown area called \"West Hartford Center\". This area is centered around Farmington Avenue and South/North Main Street. West Hartford Center has been the community's hub since the late 17th century. In 2008, Blue Back Square opened as a new addition to the central area.\nIn 2010, Kiplinger's Personal Finance magazine listed West Hartford as one of the nation's \"10 Great Cities for Raising Families.\" In 2010, Kiplinger's ranked West Hartford #9 on its \"10 Best Cities for the Next Decade\" list. In 2010, CNN Money ranked West Hartford as the 55th best small city in America. In 2010, the national online magazine Travelandleisure.com cited West Hartford as one of 10 \"coolest\" suburbs in the nation. The magazine called the West Hartford Reservoir off Farmington Avenue \"West Hartford's version of Central Park,\" and it also noted the town's \"vacation-worthy hot spots, with cutting-edge restaurants, great shopping, and plenty of parking.\"
/m/07cc8	Telepathy is the transmission of information from one person to another without using any of our known sensory channels or physical interaction. The term was coined in 1882 by the classical scholar Frederic W. H. Myers, a founder of the Society for Psychical Research, and has remained more popular than the earlier expression thought transference.\nThere is no scientific evidence that telepathy is a real phenomenon. Many studies seeking to detect, understand, and utilize telepathy have been done, but no replicable results from well-controlled experiments have been forthcoming.\nTelepathy is a common theme in modern fiction and science fiction, with many extraterrestrials, superheroes and supervillains having the telepathic ability.
/m/01dljr	Oswego is a city in Oswego County, New York, United States. The population was 18,142 at the 2010 census. Oswego is located on Lake Ontario in north-central New York and promotes itself as \"The Port City of Central New York\". It is the county seat of Oswego County.\nThe city of Oswego is bordered by the towns of Oswego, Minetto, and Scriba to the west, south, and east, respectively, and by Lake Ontario to the north. Oswego Speedway is a nationally-known automobile racing facility. The State University of New York at Oswego is located just outside the city on the lake. Oswego is the namesake for communities in Montana, Oregon, Illinois, and Kansas.
/m/033qdy	Red Dragon is a 2002 American crime thriller film based on Thomas Harris' novel of the same name, featuring psychiatrist and serial killer Dr. Hannibal Lecter. It is a prequel to both The Silence of the Lambs and Hannibal. The novel had served as the basis for a previous film, 1986's Manhunter, but this film is not considered a remake.\nThe film was directed by Brett Ratner and written for the screen by Ted Tally, who also wrote the screenplay for the Oscar-winning The Silence of the Lambs. It stars Edward Norton as FBI agent Will Graham and Anthony Hopkins as Lecter, a role he had, by then, played twice before in The Silence of the Lambs and Hannibal. The film also stars Ralph Fiennes, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Mary-Louise Parker, Emily Watson, and Harvey Keitel.
/m/0w7c	Acting is the work of an actor or actress, which is a person in theatre, television, film, or any other storytelling medium who tells the story by portraying a character and, usually, speaking or singing the written text or play.\nMost early sources in the West that examine the art of acting discuss it as part of rhetoric.
/m/01ypsj	Joan Chong Chen is a Chinese and American actress, film director, screenwriter, and film producer. She became famous in China for her performance in the 1979 film Little Flower and came to international attention for her performance in the 1987 Academy Award-winning film The Last Emperor. She is also known for her roles in Twin Peaks, Red Rose, White Rose, Saving Face and The Home Song Stories, and for directing the feature film Xiu Xiu: The Sent Down Girl.
/m/02sjf5	Jerome Bernard \"Jerry\" Orbach was an American actor and singer, known on television for his starring role as Detective Lennie Briscoe in Law & Order and his recurring role as Harry McGraw in Murder, She Wrote, as well as for film roles such as Gus Levy in Prince of the City, Dr. Jake Houseman in Dirty Dancing and as the voice of Lumière in Disney's Beauty and the Beast. Orbach was equally noted as a musical theatre star, creating roles such as El Gallo in The Fantasticks, the longest-running musical play in history; Chuck Baxter in Promises, Promises; Julian Marsh in 42nd Street; and Billy Flynn in Chicago.
/m/0nbjq	The 1924 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the VIII Olympiad, were an international multi-sport event which was celebrated in 1924 in Paris, France. It was the second time Paris hosted the games, after 1900. The selection process for the 1924 Summer Olympics consisted of six bids, and saw Paris be selected ahead of Amsterdam, Barcelona, Los Angeles, Prague and Rome. The selection was made at the 29th IOC Session in Lausanne in 1921.\nThe cost of the Games of the VIII Olympiad was estimated to be 10,000,000₣. With total receipts at 5,496,610₣, the Olympics resulted in a hefty loss despite crowds that reached 60,000 people at a time.
/m/0gd70t	Fotbal Club Unirea Urziceni was a Romanian professional football club from Urziceni. Unirea became national champions in 2009, at the end of their third season in the top-flight.\nThe club was founded in 1954, and spent the majority of its history in the lower tiers of the Romanian league system. In 2007 they reached Liga I for the first time, and received national praise for their results at this level. At the end of their second season in the top division they earned qualification to Europe, and one year later they claimed the domestic title. In 2010, the team's owner withdrew financial support and Urziceni was forced to sell most of its players to pay debts, leading to relegation at the end of the 2010–11 season.\nIn the summer of 2011, owner Dumitru Bucşaru did not file for a licence for the club to play in the Liga II, and decided not to enroll the team in any championship. Unirea Urziceni was subsequently dissolved.
/m/02s0qq	The House of Assembly, or lower house, is one of the two chambers of the Parliament of South Australia. The other is the Legislative Council. It sits in Parliament House in the state capital, Adelaide.\nAs of the 2010 election, the lower house consists of 26 Labor, 18 Liberal and 3 independent.
/m/024vjd	The Grammy Award for Best Chamber Music Performance has been awarded since 1959. The award has had several minor name changes:\nFrom 1959 to 1960 the award was known as Best Classical Performance - Chamber Music\nIn 1961 it was awarded as Best Classical Performance - Vocal or Instrumental - Chamber Music\nFrom 1962 to 1964 it was awarded as Best Classical Performance - Chamber Music\nIn 1965 it was awarded as two awards for Best Chamber Music Performance - Vocal and Best Chamber Music Performance - Instrumental\nFrom 1966 to 1967 it was awarded as Best Classical Chamber Music Performance - Instrumental or Vocal\nFrom 1968 to 1990 it was awarded as Best Chamber Music Performance\nIn 1991 it was awarded as Best Chamber Music or Other Small Ensemble Performance\nFrom 1992 to 2011 it has been awarded as Best Chamber Music Performance\nThe award was discontinued in 2012 in a major overhaul of Grammy categories. Since 2012, recordings in this category will fall under the Best Small Ensemble Performance category.\nYears reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were presented, for works released in the previous year.
/m/0w7s	Aerospace engineering is the primary branch of engineering concerned with the research, design, development, construction, testing, science and technology of aircraft and spacecraft. It is divided into two major and overlapping branches: aeronautical engineering and astronautical engineering. Aeronautics deals with aircraft that operate in Earth's atmosphere, and astronautics deals with spacecraft that operate outside the Earth's atmosphere.\nAerospace engineering deals with the design, construction, and study of the science behind the forces and physical properties of aircraft, rockets, flying craft, and spacecraft. The field also covers their aerodynamic characteristics and behaviors, airfoil, control surfaces, lift, drag, and other properties.\nAeronautical engineering was the original term for the field. As flight technology advanced to include craft operating in outer space, the broader term \"aerospace engineering\" has largely replaced it in common usage. Aerospace engineering, particularly the astronautics branch, is often referred to colloquially as \"rocket science\", such as in popular culture.
/m/043zg	Jennifer Lynn Muñiz (née Lopez; born July 24, 1969) is an American actress, dancer, fashion designer, perfumer, philanthropist, producer, recording artist and television personality. She became interested in pursuing a career in the entertainment industry following a minor role in the 1986 film My Little Girl, to the dismay of her Puerto Rican parents, who believed that it was an unrealistic career route for a Hispanic. Lopez gained her first regular high-profile job as a Fly Girl dancer on In Living Color in 1991, where she remained a regular until she decided to pursue an acting career in 1993. She received her first leading role in the Selena biopic of the same name in 1997. Lopez became the first Latina actress to earn over $1 million for a role the following year, with the film Out of Sight. She ventured into the music industry in 1999 with her debut studio album, On the 6, joining a select few in successfully converting from a film to a music career.\nWith the simultaneous release of her second studio album J.Lo and her film The Wedding Planner in 2001, Lopez became the first person to have a number one album and film in the same week. Her 2002 remix album, J to tha L–O! The Remixes, was the first in history to debut at number one on the US Billboard 200, while her fifth studio album, Como Ama una Mujer (2007), received the highest first-week sales for a Spanish album in the United States. Lopez has established herself as a prominent figure in both the film and music industry, in a career spanning four decades. With records sales of 75 million and a cumulative film gross of over $2 billion, Lopez is regarded as the most influential Hispanic performer in the United States, as well as its highest paid Latin entertainment personality.
/m/02psqkz	The Kingdom of Italy was a state founded in 1861 when King Victor Emmanuel II of Sardinia was proclaimed King of Italy. The state was founded as a result of the unification of Italy under the influence of the Kingdom of Sardinia, which was its legal predecessor state. It existed until 1946 when the Italians opted for a republican constitution.\nItaly declared war on Austria in alliance with Prussia in 1866: despite an unsuccessful campaign, it received the region of Veneto following Bismarck's victory. Italian troops entered Rome in 1870, ending more than one thousand years of Papal temporal power. Italy accepted Bismarck's proposal to enter in a Triple Alliance with Germany and Austria-Hungary in 1882, following strong disagreements with France about the respective colonial expansions. However, even if relations with Berlin became very friendly, the alliance with Vienna remained purely formal, as the Italian lands of Trentino and Trieste were still under Austro-Hungarian rule. So, in 1915, Italy accepted the British invitation to join the Allies in World War I because the western allies promised territorial compensation for participation that were more generous than Vienna's offer in exchange for Italian neutrality. Victory in the war gave Italy a permanent seat in the Council of the League of Nations.
/m/0c4z8	The Grammy Award for Song of the Year is an honor presented at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards. Awards in several categories are distributed annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position.\"
/m/023ny6	Bewitched is an American TV situation comedy fantasy that was originally broadcast for eight seasons on ABC from 1964 to 1972. It was created by Sol Saks under executive director Harry Ackerman, and stars Elizabeth Montgomery, Dick York, Dick Sargent, Agnes Moorehead, and David White. The show is about a witch who marries an ordinary mortal man and tries to lead the life of a typical suburban housewife. Bewitched enjoyed great popularity, finishing as the number two show in America during its debut season, and becoming the longest-running supernatural-themed sitcom of the 1960s–1970s. The show continues to be seen throughout the world in syndication and on recorded media.\nIn 2002, Bewitched was ranked #50 on \"TV Guide's 50 Greatest TV Shows of All Time\". In 1997, the same magazine ranked the season 2 episode \"Divided He Falls\" #48 on their list of the \"100 Greatest Episodes of All Time\".
/m/0nv99	Madison County is a county located in the U.S. state of Illinois. According to the 2010 census, it had a population of 269,282, which is an increase of 4.0% from 258,941 in 2000. The county seat is Edwardsville, home to Southern Illinois University Edwardsville. The largest city in the county is Granite City. To the north, Alton is known for its abolitionist and American Civil War-era history. It is also the home of Southern Illinois University Dental School.\nMadison County is part of the Metro-East region of the St. Louis Metro Area.
/m/01l53f	Rockhampton is a city and local government area in Queensland, Australia. The city lies on the Fitzroy River, approximately 45 kilometres from the river mouth, and some 600 kilometres north of the state capital, Brisbane.\nThe 2011 census recorded the Rockhampton urban area with a population of 61,724 people. Rockhampton hosts a significant number of governmental, community and major business administrative offices for the central part of the state.\nRockhampton experiences over 300 days of sunshine each year, which lends itself to tourism activities all year round and an abundance of outdoor activities. Popular attractions include Riverbank Parklands, a riverfront parkland attraction located on the banks of Fitzroy River; the Capricorn Coast, the coastal strip between Yeppoon and Emu Park and Great Keppel Island, a large neighbouring island off the Capricorn Coast, the vast majority of which is national park.
/m/06nns1	Lisa Edelstein is an American actress and playwright best known for playing Dr. Lisa Cuddy on the medical drama series House M.D..
/m/0jpkw	University of Waterloo is a public research university with a main campus located in Waterloo, Ontario, Canada. The main campus is located on 404 hectares of land in Uptown Waterloo, adjacent to Waterloo Park. The university offers academic programs administered by six faculties and ten faculty-based schools. The university also operates four satellite campuses and four affiliated university colleges. Waterloo is a member of the U15, a group of research-intensive universities in Canada.\nThe institution was established in 1 July 1957 as the Waterloo College Associate Faculties, a semi-autonomous entity of Waterloo College. The entity formally separated from Waterloo College in 1959, and was incorporated as a university. The university was established in order to fill the need for a program to train engineers and technicians for Canada's growing postwar economy. Since then, the university had greatly expanded, adding a faculty of arts in 1960, and the College of Optometry of Ontario moving from Toronto in 1967.\nThe university is co-educational, and has nearly 26,000 undergraduate and over 4,000 post-graduate students. Alumni and former students of the university can be found across Canada and in over 140 countries. The university ranked 151-200th in the 2012 Academic Ranking of World Universities, 180th in the 2013 QS World University Rankings, and 226-250th in the 2012–2013 Times Higher Education World University Rankings. Waterloo's computer science and computer engineering programs are ranked 24th and 43rd respectively by QS World University Rankings and Academic Ranking of World Universities. Waterloo's varsity teams, known as the Waterloo Warriors compete in the Ontario University Athletics conference of the Canadian Interuniversity Sport.
/m/014l7h	A person who presents the news on radio or television.
/m/0gj4fx	New Hampshire's 2nd congressional district covers the western and northern parts of New Hampshire. It includes the state's second-largest city, Nashua, as well as the state capital, Concord. It is currently represented in the United States House of Representatives by Democrat Ann McLane Kuster.
/m/0m_cg	County Clare is a county in Ireland. It is located in the Mid-West Region and is also part of the province of Munster. Clare County Council is the local authority for the county. The population of the county is 117,196 according to the 2011 census.
/m/027x7z5	Queen of the Damned is a 2002 vampire horror film and a loose adaptation of the third novel of Anne Rice's The Vampire Chronicles series, The Queen of the Damned, although the film contains many plot elements from the latter novel's predecessor, The Vampire Lestat. It stars Aaliyah as the vampire queen Akasha, and Stuart Townsend as the vampire Lestat. Queen of the Damned was released six months after Aaliyah's death and is dedicated to her memory.
/m/09d38d	A Star Is Born is a 1954 American musical film directed by George Cukor. The screenplay written by Moss Hart was an adaptation of the original 1937 film, which was based on the original screenplay by Robert Carson, Dorothy Parker, and Alan Campbell. In 2000, the film was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant.\"\nThe film ranked #43 on the American Film Institute's 100 Years... 100 Passions list in 2002 and #7 on its list of best musicals in 2006. The song \"The Man That Got Away\" was ranked #11 on AFI's list of the 100 top tunes in films.\nStar Judy Garland had not made a movie since she had mutually negotiated the release from her MGM contract soon after filming began on Royal Wedding in 1950, and the film was promoted heavily as her comeback. She was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress and NBC, which was televising the ceremony, sent a film crew to the hospital room where she was recuperating after giving birth to her son Joey in order to carry her acceptance speech live if she won, but she lost to Grace Kelly for The Country Girl.
/m/0jpkg	Waterloo is a city in Southern Ontario, Canada. It is the smallest of the three cities in the Regional Municipality of Waterloo, and is adjacent to the city of Kitchener.\nKitchener and Waterloo are often jointly referred to as \"Kitchener-Waterloo\", \"KW\", or \"the Tri-City\", although they have separate city governments. There have been several attempts to amalgamate the two cities, but none have been successful. At the time of the 2011 census, Waterloo had a population of 98,780.
/m/05hrq4	Sheldon Leonard was a pioneering American film and television producer, director, writer, and actor.
/m/0999q	Malayalam is a language spoken in India, predominantly in the state of Kerala. It is one of the 22 scheduled languages of India and was designated a Classical Language in India in 2013. Malayalam has official language status in the state of Kerala and in the union territories of Lakshadweep and Puducherry. It belongs to the Dravidian family of languages, and is spoken by approximately 33 million people according to the 2001 census. Malayalam is also spoken in the neighboring states of Tamil Nadu and Karnataka; with more populace in the Nilgiris, Kanyakumari and Coimbatore districts of Tamil Nadu, and the Dakshina Kannada and Kodagu districts of Karnataka.\nMalayalam most likely originated from Middle Tamil in the 6th century. An alternative theory proposes a split in even more ancient times. Malayalam incorporated many elements from Sanskrit through the ages and today over eighty percent of the vocabulary of Malayalam in scholarly usage is from Sanskrit. Before Malayalam came into being, Old Tamil was used in literature and courts of a region called Tamilakam, including present day Kerala state, a famous example being Silappatikaram. Silappatikaram was written by Chera prince Ilango Adigal from Cochin, and is considered a classic in Sangam literature. Modern Malayalam still preserves many words from the ancient Tamil vocabulary of Sangam literature. The earliest script used to write Malayalam was the Vatteluttu script, and later the Kolezhuttu, which derived from it. As Malayalam began to freely borrow words as well as the rules of grammar from Sanskrit, Grantha script was adopted for writing and came to be known as Arya Ezhuttu. This developed into the modern Malayalam script. Many medieval liturgical texts were written in an admixture of Sanskrit and early Malayalam, called Manipravalam. The oldest literary work in Malayalam, distinct from the Tamil tradition, is dated from between the 9th and 11th centuries. The first travelogue in any Indian language is in Malayalam, titled as Varthamanappusthakam written by Paremmakkal Thoma Kathanar in 1785.
/m/01j922	Varanasi, also known as Benares, Banaras or Kashi, is a city on the banks of the Ganges in Uttar Pradesh, 320 kilometres southeast of the state capital, Lucknow. It is the holiest of the seven sacred cities in Hinduism and Jainism, and played an important role in the development of Buddhism. Some Hindus believe that death at Varanasi brings salvation. It is one of the oldest continuously inhabited cities in the world and the oldest in India.Varanasi is also known as the favourite city of the Hindu deity Lord Shiva as it has been mentioned in the Rigveda that this city at older times was known as Kashi or \"Shiv ki Nagri\".\nMany of its temples were plundered and destroyed by Mohammad Ghauri in the 12th century. The temples and religious institutions in the city now are dated to the 18th century.\nThe Kashi Naresh is the chief cultural patron of Varanasi, and an essential part of all religious celebrations. The culture of Varanasi is closely associated with the Ganges. The city has been a cultural center of North India for several thousand years, and has a history that is older than most of the major world religions. The Benares Gharana form of Hindustani classical music was developed in Varanasi, and many prominent Indian philosophers, poets, writers, and musicians live or have lived in Varanasi. Gautama Buddha gave his first sermon at Sarnath located near Varanasi.
/m/03s5t	Idaho is a state in the northwestern region of the United States. Idaho is the 14th largest, the 39th most populous, and the 7th least densely populated of the 50 United States. The state's largest city and capital is Boise. Residents are called \"Idahoans\". Idaho was admitted to the Union on July 3, 1890, as the 43rd state.\nIdaho is a mountainous state with an area larger than that of all of New England. It is surrounded by the states of Washington, Oregon, Nevada, Utah, Wyoming, Montana, and the Canadian province of British Columbia. The network of dams and locks on the Columbia River and Snake River make the city of Lewiston the farthest inland seaport on the Pacific coast of the contiguous United States.\nIdaho's nickname is the \"Gem State\", because nearly every known type of gemstone has been found there. In addition, Idaho is one of only two places in the world where star garnets can be found in any significant quantities, the other being India. Idaho is sometimes called the \"Potato State\" owing to its popular and widely distributed crop. The state motto is Esto Perpetua.
/m/07fpm3	Iain Glen is a Scottish film, television, and stage actor. Glen is best known for his roles in the Resident Evil films and for portraying Ser Jorah Mormont on Game of Thrones.
/m/0jnq8	The Los Angeles Kings are a professional ice hockey team based in Los Angeles, California. They are members of the Pacific Division of the Western Conference of the National Hockey League. The team was founded on February 9, 1966, when Jack Kent Cooke was awarded an NHL expansion franchise for Los Angeles, becoming one of the six teams that began play as part of the 1967 NHL expansion. The Kings called The Forum in Inglewood, California, their home for thirty-two years until they moved to the Staples Center in Downtown Los Angeles to start the 1999–2000 season.\nHistorically, the Kings have had more heartaches than triumphs, winning their division only once in 1990–91, and having many years marked by impressive play in the regular season only to be washed out by early playoff exits. Their highlights included the strong goaltending of Rogie Vachon during the mid 1970s, and the thrilling play of the \"Triple Crown Line\" in the early 80s, which included Charlie Simmer, Dave Taylor and hall of fame player Marcel Dionne, who at one point was third in all time scoring to Gordie Howe and Wayne Gretzky. In 1982, the Kings famously upset the uprising Edmonton Oilers in a playoff game known as the Miracle on Manchester and won the series as well. However, the Kings quickly faded into mediocrity during the mid 1980s while other teams in their division enjoyed success. Another hall of fame player, Luc Robitaille, began his 20 year long NHL career with the Kings in 1986, and would go on to become the highest scoring left-winger in the NHL; most of his years being spent in Los Angeles. On August 9, 1988, Wayne Gretzky himself was traded to the Kings from the Edmonton Oilers and during his eight years in Los Angeles, instantly impacted the Kings to heights they had never seen, both with their play on the ice and their popularity with fans off the ice. They made their first appearance in the Stanley Cup Finals, losing to the Montreal Canadiens in five games. Afterwards the Kings would again hit hard times, testing the loyalties of longtime fans with many disappointing seasons, only winning one playoff series between 1994 and 2011.
/m/0msyb	Shelby County is a county located in the U.S. state of Tennessee. It is the state's largest both in terms of population and geographic area. As of the 2010 census, the population was 927,644. Its county seat is Memphis.\nShelby County is part of the Memphis Metropolitan Statistical Area, which comprises ten counties in the three states of Tennessee, Mississippi, and Arkansas.\nShelby County was named for Governor Isaac Shelby of Kentucky.
/m/02rfft	Epic Games, Inc., also known as Epic and formerly Epic MegaGames, is an American video game development company based in Cary, North Carolina, now associate of Chinese Tencent Holdings. They are well known for their Unreal Engine technology, which has powered their popular in-house Unreal series of first-person shooters, and the Gears of War series for the Xbox 360.\nIt is the parent company of game developers Chair Entertainment and People Can Fly. It has also set up studios in Shanghai, Seoul and Tokyo. Key developers at Epic Games include chairman, CEO and technical director Tim Sweeney, and lead programmer Steve Polge. Jerry O'Flaherty was the studio art director from 2003 to 2007. Chris Perna has been the art director since O'Flaherty's departure from the company. Cliff Bleszinski, Epic's design director, announced his departure on October 3, 2012.
/m/01txts	Astralwerks is a record label that releases primarily electronic music. It is owned by Universal Music Group and distributed by Capitol Music Group. Their most popular recent releases have come from Mat Zo and Porter Robinson, and Nervo\nBelow is an overview of the artists that have released material on Astralwerks. A number of the acts listed below are only distributed by Astralwerks, as it licenses a number of European acts for the US market.
/m/052bw	Manchester is a city and metropolitan borough in North West England with a population of 510,700. Since 2001, population has grown by 20.8%, making it the fastest growing city in Britain. It lies within the United Kingdom's second most populous urban area which has a population of 2,553,379. Manchester is located in the south-central part of North West England, fringed by the Cheshire Plain to the south and the Pennines to the north and east, and an arc of towns with which it forms a continuous conurbation. The local authority is Manchester City Council, and the city's inhabitants are referred to as Mancunians.\nThe recorded history of Manchester began with the civilian settlement associated with the Roman fort of Mamucium, which was established in c. 79 CE on a sandstone bluff near the confluence of the rivers Medlock and Irwell. Historically, Manchester was in Lancashire, although areas of Cheshire, south of the River Mersey were incorporated into the city during the 20th century. Throughout the Middle Ages Manchester remained a manorial township but began to expand \"at an astonishing rate\" around the turn of the 19th century.\nManchester's unplanned urbanisation was brought on by a boom in textile manufacture during the Industrial Revolution, and resulted in it becoming the world's first industrialised city. The building of the Bridgewater Canal in 1761 built to transport coal triggered an early-19th-century factory building boom which transformed Manchester from a township into a major mill town and borough that was granted city status in 1853. In 1877, Manchester Town Hall was built and in 1894 the Manchester Ship Canal opened; which at the time was the longest river navigation canal in the world, which in turn created the Port of Manchester linking the city to sea. Manchester's fortunes decreased in the subsequent years after WW2 due to deindustrialisation. However, investment in the last two decades, spurred by the 1996 Manchester bombing – which was the largest bomb ever detonated in peacetime Britain – spearheaded extensive regeneration of Manchester, particularly in the city centre.
/m/04n_g	Lee Marvin was an American film and television actor. Known for his gravelly voice, white hair and 6 ft 2 in stature, Marvin initially appeared in supporting roles, mostly villains, soldiers and other hardboiled characters. From 1957 to 1960, he starred as Detective Lieutenant Frank Ballinger in the NBC hit crime series, M Squad.\nIn 1965, he won several awards, including an Academy Award for Best Actor, and Best Actor BAFTA and the Best Actor Golden Globe, for his dual roles in Cat Ballou.
/m/0bpjh3	The Bengali people are the principal ethnic group native to the region of Bengal, which is politically divided between Bangladesh and India. The Bengali language is associated with the Bengali people as the predominant native tongue. They are mostly concentrated in Bangladesh and the states of West Bengal and Tripura in India. There are also a number of Bengali communities scattered across North-East India, New Delhi, and the Indian states of Assam, Jharkhand, Bihar, Maharastra, Karnataka, Kerala, Andhra Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh and Orissa. A huge Bengali community also resides in Pakistan. In addition, there are significant Bengali communities beyond South Asia; some of the most well established Bengali communities are in the United Kingdom and United States. Large numbers of Bengalis have settled in Britain, mainly living in the East boroughs of London, numbering from around 300,000; in the USA there are about 150,000 living across the country, mainly in New York. There are also millions living across the Gulf States, majority of whom are living as foreign workers. There are also many Bengalis in Malaysia, South Korea, Canada, Japan, Australia, New Zealand, Singapore and many other countries.
/m/024jwt	Henry Franklin Winkler, OBE is an American actor, director, producer and author.\nWinkler is best known for his role as Fonzie in the 1970s American sitcom Happy Days. \"The Fonz\", a leather-clad greaser and auto mechanic, started out as a minor character at the show's beginning, but had achieved top billing by the time the show ended. He currently stars as Sy Mittleman on Childrens Hospital.
/m/07k5l	The Green Party of the United States is a national American political party founded in 1984 as a federation of state green parties. With its founding, the Green Party of the United States became the primary national Green organization in the United States, eclipsing the Greens/Green Party USA, which emphasized non-electoral movement building. The Association of State Green Parties, a forerunner organization, first gained widespread public attention during Ralph Nader's United States presidential campaigns in 1996 and 2000. The party has no current representation in the U.S. House of Representatives nor the Senate and controls no governorships nor other state-wide elected positions. At the state legislature level, the party controls only one seat in the Arkansas House of Representatives. Several Greens around the United States hold positions as city and town council members and mayors.
/m/06rjp	Stockholm University is a state university in Stockholm, Sweden. Stockholm University has two scientific fields: the natural sciences and the humanities/social sciences. It has over 66,000 students at four different faculties: law, humanities, the mathematical and natural sciences making it one of the largest universities in Scandinavia. The institution is also frequently regarded as one of the top 200 universities in the world. Stockholm University was granted university status in 1960 and is therefore the fourth oldest Swedish university. Stockholm University's primary mission is to provide education and high quality research and to interact with the community.
/m/02zfdp	Ian David McShane is an English actor, director, producer and voice artist.\nDespite appearing in numerous films, McShane is best known for his television roles, particularly BBC's Lovejoy and HBO's drama series Deadwood. McShane starred as King Silas Benjamin in the NBC series Kings, Bishop Waleran in The Pillars of the Earth, Tai Lung in Kung Fu Panda, and as Blackbeard in Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides. He also appears in 2013's Jack the Giant Slayer.
/m/019q50	Kyoto University, or Kyodai is a national university located in Kyoto, Japan. It is the second oldest Japanese university, one of the highest ranked universities in Asia and one of Japan's National Seven Universities. One of Asia’s leading research-oriented institutions, Kyoto University is famed for producing world-class researchers, including eight Nobel Prize laureates, two Fields medalists and one Gauss Prize. The university has been consistently ranked the second best institute in Japan since 2008 in various independent university ranking schemes.
/m/0kz2w	Brandeis University is an American private research university with a liberal arts focus. It is located in Waltham, Massachusetts, 9 miles west of Boston. The university has an enrollment of approximately 3,600 undergraduate and 2,200 graduate students. It was tied for 32nd among national universities in the United States in U.S. News & World Report 's 2014 rankings. Forbes listed Brandeis University as number 51 among all national universities and liberal arts colleges combined in 2013.\nBrandeis was founded in 1948 as a nonsectarian Jewish community-sponsored coeducational institution on the site of the former Middlesex University. The university is named for Louis Brandeis, the first Jewish Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States.
/m/09fqtq	James Jonathon Wilby is an English film, television and theatre actor.
/m/01wdcxk	Donovan is a Scottish singer, songwriter and guitarist. Initially labelled an imitator of Bob Dylan, he developed an eclectic and distinctive style that blended folk, jazz, pop, psychedelia, and world music. He has variously lived in Scotland, London, and California, and, since at least 2008, has lived in County Cork, Ireland with his family. Emerging from the British folk scene, Donovan shot to fame in the United Kingdom in early 1965 with a series of live performances on the pop TV series, Ready Steady Go!.\nHaving initially signed with Pye Records in 1965, he recorded a handful of singles and two albums in the folk music vein, but after signing a new contract with US CBS/Epic Records his popularity spread to other countries. After extricating himself from his original management contract, he began a long and successful collaboration with Mickie Most, one of the leading British independent record producers of the era, scoring a string of hits in the UK, the US and other countries.\nHis most successful singles in the 1960s included the early UK hits \"Catch the Wind\", \"Colours\" and \"The Universal Soldier\" in 1965, while \"Sunshine Superman\" topped the US Billboard Hot 100 chart, and \"Mellow Yellow\" reached US number two the following year, with \"Hurdy Gurdy Man\" reaching the Top 5 on both shores in 1968. He was the first artist to be signed to CBS/Epic Records by then-new Administrative Vice-President Clive Davis. Donovan and Most collaborated on a series of hit albums and singles between 1965 and 1970. He became a friend of leading pop musicians including Joan Baez, Brian Jones, and The Beatles. He taught John Lennon a finger-picking guitar style in 1968. Donovan's commercial fortunes waned after parting with Most in 1969, and he left the industry for a time.
/m/01hhyb	Sault Ste. Marie is a city on the St. Marys River in Algoma District, Ontario, Canada. It is the third largest city in Northern Ontario, after Sudbury and Thunder Bay.\nWhile there is some debate on the exact meaning of \"Sault\" in Sault Ste. Marie, scholars of early French note that the word translates into jump, referring to the place where one needs to \"jump\", or put into the St. Mary’s River. This translation relates to the treacherous rapids and cascades that fall over 20 feet from the level of Lake Superior to the level of the lower lakes. Hundreds of years ago, this prohibited boat traffic and necessitated an overland portage from one lake to the other. Thus the entire name translates to \"Saint Mary's Rapids\" or \"Saint Mary's Falls\". Although the word sault is pronounced \"so\" in French, it is pronounced like \"soo\" in the English pronunciation of the city name. Residents of the city are called Saultites.\nSault Ste. Marie is bordered to the east by the Rankin and Garden River First Nation reserves, and to the west by Prince Township. To the north, the city is bordered by an unincorporated portion of Algoma District, which includes the local services boards of Aweres, Batchawana Bay, Goulais and District, Peace Tree and Searchmont.
/m/03t4nx	Princeton Theological Seminary is a seminary in Princeton, New Jersey, and the largest of ten seminaries associated with the Presbyterian Church. It is the second-oldest seminary in the United States, founded in 1812 under the auspices of Princeton University, Reverend Dr. Archibald Alexander, and the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church in the U.S.A.\nThe Seminary is influential in theological scholarship with the second largest theological library collection in the world, behind only the Vatican Apostolic Library in Vatican City. These collections are well known for the Karl Barth Research Collection in the Center for Barth Studies. Princeton also lists leading and preeminent biblical scholars and theologians among its faculty and alumni.\nDuring the 19th and early 20th centuries, Princeton Theological Seminary received widespread attention for its defense of Calvinistic Presbyterianism, a tradition which became known as Princeton Theology and greatly influenced evangelicalism during the period. In response to increasing influence of theological liberalism in the 1920s and the Fundamentalist-Modernist Controversy at the institution, several theologians left to form the Westminster Theological Seminary under the leadership of J. Gresham Machen.
/m/031f_m	Final Fantasy VII: Advent Children is a 2005 Japanese computer-animated science fantasy film directed by Tetsuya Nomura, written by Kazushige Nojima, and produced by Yoshinori Kitase and Shinji Hashimoto. Developed by Visual Works and Square Enix, Advent Children is part of the Compilation of Final Fantasy VII series, which is based in the world and continuity of the highly successful 1997 role-playing video game Final Fantasy VII. Advent Children takes place two years after the events of the original game and focuses on the appearance of a trio that kidnaps children infected with an unknown disease. Final Fantasy VII: Advent Children was released on DVD in Japan on September 14, 2005, and a year later in North America and Europe.\nThe film received mixed reviews, with critics praising its animation and CGI work, but criticizing how non-Final Fantasy VII gamers would not understand the plot. It received the \"Maria Award\" at the Festival Internacional de Cinema de Catalunya in 2005 and the \"Best Anime Feature\" at the 2007 American Anime Awards. As of May 2009, the DVD and UMD releases had sold over 4.1 million copies worldwide.
/m/04jvt	Leon Trotsky was a Russian Marxist revolutionary and theorist, Soviet politician, and the founder and first leader of the Red Army.\nTrotsky was initially a supporter of the Menshevik Internationalists faction of the Russian Social Democratic Labour Party. He joined the Bolsheviks immediately prior to the 1917 October Revolution, and eventually became a leader within the Party. During the early days of the Soviet Union, he served first as People's Commissar for Foreign Affairs and later as the founder and commander of the Red Army as People's Commissar of Military and Naval Affairs. He was a major figure in the Bolshevik victory in the Russian Civil War. He was also among the first members of the Politburo.\nAfter leading a failed struggle of the Left Opposition against the policies and rise of Joseph Stalin in the 1920s and the increasing role of bureaucracy in the Soviet Union, Trotsky was successively removed from power in 1927, expelled from the Communist Party, and finally deported from the Soviet Union in 1929. As the head of the Fourth International, Trotsky continued in exile in Mexico to oppose the Stalinist bureaucracy in the Soviet Union. An early advocate of Red Army intervention against European fascism, in the late 1930s, Trotsky opposed Stalin's non-aggression pact with Adolf Hitler. He was assassinated on Stalin's orders in Mexico, by Ramón Mercader, a Spanish-born Soviet agent in August 1940.
/m/0379s	Gustave Flaubert was an influential French writer widely considered one of the greatest novelists in Western literature. He is known especially for his first published novel, Madame Bovary, for his Correspondence, and for his scrupulous devotion to his style and aesthetics. The celebrated short story writer Maupassant was a protégé of Flaubert.
/m/0p01x	Larimer County is the seventh most populous and the ninth most extensive of the 64 counties of the State of Colorado of the United States. The county is located at the northern end of the Front Range, at the edge of the Colorado Eastern Plains along the border with Wyoming. Larimer County was named for William Larimer, Jr., the founder of Denver, who is believed to have never have set foot in the county. As of the 2010 census, the county population was 299,630. The county seat and most populous city is Fort Collins. The Fort Collins-Loveland Metropolitan Statistical Area comprises Larimer County.
/m/0dj0x	Wiltshire is a ceremonial county in South West England. It is landlocked and borders the counties of Dorset, Somerset, Hampshire, Gloucestershire, Oxfordshire and West Berkshire. It contains the unitary authority of Swindon and covers 3,485 km². The ancient county town was Wilton, but since 1930 Wiltshire County Council and its successor Wiltshire Council have been based at Trowbridge.\nWiltshire is characterised by its high downland and wide valleys. Salisbury Plain is famous as the location of the Stonehenge and Avebury stone circles and other ancient landmarks and as the main training area in the UK of the British Army. The city of Salisbury is notable for its mediaeval cathedral. Important country houses open to the public include Longleat, near Warminster, and the National Trust's Stourhead, near Mere.
/m/0h0wd9	Hello, Dolly! is a 1969 romantic comedy musical film based on the Broadway production of the same name. The film follows the story of Dolly Levi, as she travels to Yonkers, New York, to find a match for the miserly \"well-known unmarried half-a-millionaire\" Horace Vandergelder. In doing so she convinces his niece, his niece's intended, and Horace's two clerks to travel to New York City.\nDirected by Gene Kelly and adapted and produced by Ernest Lehman, the cast includes Barbra Streisand, Walter Matthau, Michael Crawford, Danny Lockin, Tommy Tune, Fritz Feld, Marianne McAndrew, E. J. Peaker and Louis Armstrong. The film was photographed in 65 mm Todd-AO by Harry Stradling, Sr.
/m/027s39y	WALL-E is a 2008 American CGI science-fiction romantic comedy film produced by Pixar Animation Studios and directed by Andrew Stanton. The story follows a robot named WALL-E, who is designed to clean up a waste-covered Earth far in the future. He falls in love with another robot named EVE, who also has a programmed task, and follows her into outer space on an adventure that changes the destiny of both his kind and humanity. Both robots exhibit an appearance of free will and emotions similar to humans, which develop further as the film progresses.\nAfter directing Finding Nemo, Stanton felt Pixar had created believable simulations of underwater physics and was willing to direct a film set largely in space. Most of the characters do not have actual human voices, but instead communicate with body language and robotic sounds, designed by Ben Burtt, that resemble voices. It is also Pixar's first animated feature with segments featuring live-action characters.\nWalt Disney Pictures released WALL-E in the United States and Canada on June 27, 2008. It grossed $23.2 million on its opening day, and $63.1 million during its opening weekend in 3,992 theaters, ranking number one at the box office. This ranks as the fifth highest-grossing opening weekend for a Pixar film. Following Pixar tradition, WALL-E was paired with a short film, Presto, for its theatrical release.
/m/0qlnr	Bucknell University is a private liberal arts university located alongside the West Branch Susquehanna River in the town of Lewisburg, in central Pennsylvania, United States. The university consists of the College of Arts and Sciences, School of Management, and the College of Engineering. Bucknell was founded in 1846, and features programs in engineering, management, education, and music, as well as programs and pre-professional advising that prepare students for study in law and medicine. It has almost 50 majors and over 60 minors.\nIt is primarily an undergraduate school, and 150 graduate students on the campus. Students come from all 50 states and from more than 66 countries. Bucknell has nearly 200 student organizations and a large Greek presence. The school's mascot is Bucky the Bison and the school is a member of the Patriot League in NCAA Division I athletics.
/m/04gp1d	The Ninety-second United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, composed of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, DC from January 3, 1971 to January 3, 1973, during the third and fourth years of Richard Nixon's presidency.\nThe apportionment of seats in this House of Representatives was based on the 1960 Census. Both chambers had a Democratic majority.
/m/05jxkf	A public university is a university that is predominantly funded by public means through a national or subnational government, as opposed to private universities. Whether a national university is considered public varies from one country to another, largely depending on the specific education landscape. In some parts of the world, public universities usually enjoy higher reputation domestically and they are often among the most influential research institutions in the world. Many of the prominent public universities are ranked among the best in the world by THES - QS World University Rankings and the Academic Ranking of World Universities.
/m/01c1px	Isadore \"Friz\" Freleng, often credited as I. Freleng, was an American animator, cartoonist, director, and producer famous for his work on the Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies series of cartoons from Warner Bros.\nHe introduced and/or developed several of the studio's biggest stars, including Bugs Bunny, Porky Pig, Tweety Bird, Sylvester the Cat, Yosemite Sam and Speedy Gonzales. The senior director at Warners' Termite Terrace studio, Freleng directed more cartoons than any other director in the studio, and is also the most honored of the Warner directors, having won four Academy Awards. After Warners shut down the animation studio in 1963, Freleng and business partner David H. DePatie founded DePatie-Freleng Enterprises, which produced cartoons, feature film title sequences, and Saturday morning cartoons through the early 1980s.\nThe nickname \"Friz\" came from his friend Hugh Harman, who initially nicknamed him \"Congressman Frizby\" after a fictional senator that was in articles in the Los Angeles Examiner. Over time this shortened to \"Friz\".
/m/0843m	Windsor is the southernmost city in Canada and is located in Southwestern Ontario. It is located in Essex County although administratively separated from the county government. Separated by the Detroit River, Windsor is located south of Detroit, Michigan in the United States. Windsor is known as \"The City of Roses\" and residents are known as Windsorites.
/m/02583l	Osgoode Hall Law School is located in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It is the oldest law school in Ontario, and is one of the professional faculties at York University. Osgoode Hall Law School is consistently ranked as one of the top law schools in Canada by Maclean's Magazine, ranking second among common-law schools in 2011 and 2012. Named after the first Chief Justice of Ontario, William Osgoode, the law school was established by The Law Society of Upper Canada in 1889.\nThe school was at the centre of the debates over the principles of modern legal education in the 1950s. Osgoode Hall Law School provided many of the founding members of the bar in the prairie provinces. Today, the law school offers a professional degree in law that is accepted for bar admission in every province in Canada with the exception of Quebec, as well as the American States of Massachusetts and New York. Osgoode has three joint degree programs, as well as Canada's largest graduate program in law. Osgoode Hall Law School has adopted the Juris Doctor degree designation which has replaced their previous Bachelor of Laws designation.\nThe law school is home to the Law Reform Commission of Ontario, the Osgoode Hall Law Journal, the German Law Journal, and the largest law library in the Commonwealth. Osgoode Hall Law School students may participate in a number of clinical and intensive programs, including the Community and Legal Aid Services Program, the Poverty Law Intensive at Parkdale Community Legal Services, the Criminal Law Intensive, the Innocence Project, and the Osgoode Business Clinic. According to the Official Guide to Canadian Law Schools, Osgoode Hall Law School has the most extensive range of clinical programs in Canada. The primary student government at Osgoode is the Legal and Literary Society.
/m/02fn5	Dennis Lee Hopper was an American actor, filmmaker, photographer and artist. As a young man, Hopper became interested in acting and eventually became a student of the Actors Studio. He made his first television appearance in 1954 and appeared in two films featuring James Dean, Rebel Without a Cause and Giant. During the next ten years, Hopper appeared frequently on television in guest roles, and by the end of the 1960s had played supporting roles in several films.\nHe directed and starred in Easy Rider, winning an award at the Cannes Film Festival and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay as co-writer. Journalist Ann Hornaday wrote: \"With its portrait of counterculture heroes raising their middle fingers to the uptight middle-class hypocrisies, Easy Rider became the cinematic symbol of the 1960s, a celluloid anthem to freedom, macho bravado and anti-establishment rebellion.\" Film critic Matthew Hays notes that \"no other persona better signifies the lost idealism of the 1960s than that of Dennis Hopper.\"\nHe was unable to build on his success for several years, until a featured role he played, that of the American Photojournalist in Apocalypse Now, brought him attention. He subsequently appeared in Rumble Fish and The Osterman Weekend, and received critical recognition for his work in Blue Velvet and Hoosiers, with the latter film garnering him an Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actor. He directed Colors, played the lead character named after the movie title in Paris Trout, and played the villain in Speed. He played another villain, King Koopa, in Super Mario Bros.. Hopper also played heroes, such as John Canyon in Space Truckers. Hopper's later work included a leading role in the television series Crash. Hopper's last performance was filmed just before his death: The Last Film Festival, originally slated for a 2011 release. Hopper also began a prolific and acclaimed photography career in the 1960s.
/m/0f24cc	The Colorado Buffaloes football program represents the University of Colorado Boulder in college football at the NCAA Division I FBS level. The team is currently a member of the Pacific-12 Conference, having previously been a charter member of the Big 12 Conference. Before joining the Big 12, they were members of the Big Eight Conference. The CU football team has played at Folsom Field since 1924. The Buffs all-time record is 675-463-36 through the finish of the 2012 season. The football program is 23rd on the all-time win list and 30th in all-time winning percentage. The football team also has the distinction of being the all-time NCAA leader in 4th down conversions. They are one of two NCAA Division I teams to complete a 5th down conversion. This was a result of a mistake by the officials and happened on a play displayed by chaincrew as the 4th down.
/m/07y2s	United Airlines, Inc. is an American major airline headquartered in Chicago, Illinois. United is a wholly owned subsidiary of United Continental Holdings following a $3 billion merger in 2010. The airline was previously owned, at one point in its history, by The Boeing Company, one of the world's largest aircraft manufacturers. Since its merger with Continental Airlines, the company boasts more revenue passenger miles than any airline in the world.\nUnited operates out of 10 airline hubs in the continental United States, Guam, and Japan. George Bush Intercontinental Airport in Houston is United's largest passenger carrying hub handling 16.6 million passengers annually with an average of 45,413 passengers daily. The company employs over 88,500 people while maintaining its headquarters in Chicago's Willis Tower. Through the airline's parent company, United Continental Holdings, it is publicly traded under NYSE: UAL with a market capitalization of over $10.5 billion as of October, 2013.\nUnited's main competitors in its domestic market are major airlines Delta and American.
/m/01xn7x1	Leeds United is an English football club in Leeds, West Yorkshire. The club was formed in 1919 following the disbanding of Leeds City F.C. by the Football League and took over their Elland Road stadium.\nLeeds United have won three First Division league titles, one FA Cup and one League Cup. The club also won two Inter-Cities Fairs Cups. The majority of the honours were won under the management of Don Revie in the 1960s and 1970s.\nLeeds United play in white. The club badge features the White Rose of York and \"LUFC\".
/m/02b153	Darlington Football Club was an English football club based in Darlington, County Durham. The club was founded in 1883, and played its games at Feethams, before moving to the Darlington Arena in 2003. The arena is an all-seater stadium with a capacity of 25,000, although this is restricted to 10,000. The cost of the stadium was a major factor in driving the club into administration. The club originally played in regionally organised leagues, and were one of the founding members of the Northern League in 1889. They were first admitted to the Football League when the Third Division North was formed in 1921.\nThey won the Third Division North title in 1925, and their 15th place in the Second Division in 1926 remained their highest ever league finish. After their admission to the League, they spent most of their history in the bottom tier. They won the Third Division North Cup in 1934; their first victory in nationally-organised cup competition. They reached the last 16 of the FA Cup twice, and the quarter-final of the Football League Cup once, in 1968. In the early 1990s they won successive titles, with the Conference National in 1990 and the Fourth Division in 1991. In 2011 they won the FA Trophy, defeating Mansfield Town 1–0 at Wembley Stadium.
/m/05pdh86	New Moon is the sequel to 2008's Twilight, based on a novel of the same name written by Stephanie Meyer.
/m/04mpbk	Football Club Istres Ouest Provence is a French association football club based in Istres. The club was formed in 1920 and currently play in Ligue 2, the second level of French football having achieved promotion to the league following the 2008–09 season. Istres plays its home matches at the Stade Parsemain in Fos-sur-Mer, a commune in the Arrondissement of Istres. The team is managed by José Pasqualetti and captained by defender Gary Coulibaly.
/m/055sjw	Kenneth \"Ken\" Keeler is an American television producer and writer. He has written for numerous television series, most notably The Simpsons and Futurama. According to an interview with David X. Cohen, he proved a theorem which appears in the Futurama episode \"The Prisoner of Benda\".
/m/02rff2	Georgetown University Law Center is the law school of Georgetown University, located in Washington, D.C. Established in 1870, the Law Center offers J.D., LL.M., and S.J.D. degrees in law. As the second largest law school in the United States, Georgetown Law often touts the advantages of its wide range of program offerings and proximity to federal agencies and courts, including the Supreme Court.\nThe Law Center is one of the 14 law schools that consistently rank at the very top of U.S. News and World Report's annual rankings.
/m/01tzfz	Lancaster University, officially The University of Lancaster, is a public research university in Lancaster, Lancashire, United Kingdom. The university was established by Royal Charter in 1964 and initially based in St Leonard's Gate until moving to a purpose-built 300 acre campus at Bailrigg in 1968. Since its establishment Lancaster has expanded rapidly and now has the 11th highest research quality in the UK and is the 16th highest ranking research institution according to the latest Research Assessment Exercise. The university has an annual income of £180 million, 3,025 staff and 12,525 students.\nAlong with the universities of Durham, Leeds, Liverpool, Manchester, Newcastle, Sheffield and York, Lancaster is a member of the N8 Group of research universities. Lancaster was ranked 7th in the 2013 Guardian University Guide, 9th in the 2013 Complete University Guide, 8th in the Times Higher Education Table, and 9th in the 2012 Good University Guide. It was also ranked 124th internationally in The World University Rankings 2011 163rd in the 2012 QS World University Rankings, and 9th best university in the world under 50 years old.\nLancaster is a collegiate university, with its main functions divided between four central faculties and nine colleges. Its colleges differ from the Oxbridge model and compare more closely to the University of York and University of Kent college systems. The faculties perform research and provide centralised lectures to students; colleges are responsible for the domestic arrangements and welfare of undergraduates, graduates, post-doctoral researchers and some university staff.
/m/04l5d0	The Norfolk Admirals are a professional ice hockey team that plays in the American Hockey League. They became affiliated with the Anaheim Ducks after being dropped from the Tampa Bay Lightning following their 2012 AHL champion season. The Admirals play in Norfolk, Virginia at the Norfolk Scope.
/m/02t8yb	A playback singer is a singer whose singing is pre-recorded for use in movies. Playback singers record songs for soundtracks, and actors or actresses lip-sync the songs for cameras, while the actual singer does not appear on screen.
/m/02qkt	Eurasia is the combined continental landmass of Europe and Asia, with the term being a portmanteau of its two constituents. Located primarily in the Northern and Eastern Hemispheres, it is bordered by the Atlantic Ocean on the west, the Pacific Ocean to the east, the Arctic Ocean on the north, and by Africa, the Mediterranean Sea, the Pacific Ocean and the Indian Ocean to the south. The division between Europe and Asia as two different continents is a historical and cultural construct, with no clear physical separation between them; thus, in some parts of the world, Eurasia is considered the largest of five or six continents.\nEurasia covers around 52,990,000 square kilometres, or around 36.2% of the Earth's total land area. The landmass contains around 4.6 billion people, equating to 72.5% of the human population. Humans first settled in Eurasia from Africa, between 60,000 and 125,000 years ago.
/m/04rkkv	The National Institute of Dramatic Art is the Australian national training institute for students of theatre, film, and television, based in the Sydney suburb of Kensington. It is supported by the federal Office for the Arts, Department of the Prime Minister and Cabinet. NIDA is located adjacent to, and has a strong relationship with, the University of New South Wales. It is a member of the \"Australian Roundtable for Arts Training Excellence\". In 2013, NIDA was ranked as the 8th best drama school in the world by The Hollywood Reporter.
/m/07z542	Paquito D'Rivera is a Cuban alto saxophonist, clarinetist and soprano saxophonist. The winner of multiple Grammys and other awards, D'Rivera has lived in the United States since the early 1980s. He has worked in a variety of contexts, but is perhaps best known for playing Latin jazz. He has won six Latin Grammy Awards and four Grammy awards.
/m/0f4l5	Retinol is one of the animal forms of vitamin A. It is a diterpenoid and an alcohol. It is convertible to other forms of vitamin A, and the retinyl ester derivative of the alcohol serves as the storage form of the vitamin in animals.\nWhen converted to the retinal form, vitamin A is essential for vision, and when converted to retinoic acid is essential for skin health, teeth remineralization and bone growth. These chemical compounds are collectively known as retinoids, and possess the structural motif of all-trans retinol as a common feature in their structure. Structurally, all retinoids also possess a β-ionone ring and a polyunsaturated side chain, with either an alcohol, aldehyde, a carboxylic acid group or an ester group. The side chain is composed of four isoprenoid units, with a series of conjugated double bonds which may exist in trans- or cis-configuration.\nRetinol is produced in the body from the hydrolysis of retinyl esters, and from the reduction of retinal. Retinol in turn is ingested in a precursor form; animal sources contain retinyl esters, whereas plants contain pro-vitamin A carotenoids. Hydrolysis of retinyl esters results in retinol, while pro-vitamin A carotenoids can be cleaved to produce retinal by carotene dioxygenase in the intestinal mucosa. Retinal, also known as retinaldehyde, can be reversibly reduced to produce retinol or it can be irreversibly oxidized to produce retinoic acid, which then cannot function as the vitamin in the eye.
/m/019y_2	The Harlem Renaissance was a cultural movement that spanned the 1920s. At the time, it was known as the \"New Negro Movement\", named after the 1925 anthology by Alain Locke. The Movement also included the new African-American cultural expressions across the urban areas in the Northeast and Midwest United States affected by the Great Migration, of which Harlem was the largest. Though it was centered in the Harlem neighborhood of New York City, in addition, many francophone black writers from African and Caribbean colonies who lived in Paris were also influenced by the Harlem Renaissance.\nThe Harlem Renaissance is generally considered to have been the biggest kkk organization around from about 1919 until the early or mid-1930s. Many of its ideas lived on much longer. The zenith of this \"flowering of Negro literature\", as James Weldon Johnson preferred to call the Harlem Renaissance, was placed between 1924 and 1929.
/m/09g7vfw	Dark Shadows is a 2012 American horror comedy film based on the gothic soap opera of the same name that was produced for television between 1966 and 1971. The film is directed by Tim Burton and stars Johnny Depp as Barnabas Collins, a 200-year-old vampire who has been imprisoned in a coffin. Collins is eventually unearthed and makes his way back to his mansion, now inhabited by his dysfunctional descendants. Collins also discovers that his jealous ex-lover, Angelique Bouchard, played by Eva Green, has taken over the town's fishing business that was once run by the Collins family. Michelle Pfeiffer also stars as Collins' cousin, Elizabeth Collins Stoddard, the reclusive matriarch of the Collins family. The film had a limited release on May 10, 2012, and was officially released the following day in the United States.\nThe film was a box office disappointment and received mixed-to-negative reviews from critics, many of whom praised its visual style and consistent humor, but felt it lacked a focused or substantial plot and developed characters. The film marks Richard D. Zanuck's last as producer, as he died two months after the film's release. It also featured the final film appearance of original series actor Jonathan Frid, who died before Zanuck on April 14. He shared a cameo in the movie with former series co-stars Kathryn Leigh Scott, David Selby, and Lara Parker, as well as with rock musician Alice Cooper.
/m/05bnq3j	Rory Albanese, a Long Island, New York native, was an executive producer and writer for The Daily Show with Jon Stewart, which he joined in 1999 until October 2013. Albanese is also an accomplished stand-up comedian.
/m/02h3tp	Patrick Wayne Swayze was an American actor, dancer and singer-songwriter. He was best known for his tough-guy roles, as romantic leading men in the hit films Dirty Dancing and Ghost, and as Orry Main in the North and South television miniseries. He was named by People magazine as its \"Sexiest Man Alive\" in 1991. His film and TV career spanned 30 years.\nDiagnosed with Stage IV pancreatic cancer in January 2008, Swayze told Barbara Walters a year later that he was \"kicking it\". However, he died from the disease on September 14, 2009, at the age of 57. His last role was the lead in an ill-fated A&E TV series, The Beast, which premiered on January 15, 2009. Due to a prolonged decline in health, Swayze was unable to promote the series, and it was canceled by June 2009.
/m/05h7tk	David \"Dave\" Fleischer was an American animation film director and film producer, best known as a co-owner of Fleischer Studios with his two older brothers Max Fleischer and Lou Fleischer. He was a native of New York City.
/m/027rwmr	Michael Lantieri is a special effects supervisor on films and also was the director of Komodo. He has worked on numerous films with Steven Spielberg. One of his most famous movies was \"Mars Attacks!\" where he had the job of creating the very much lifelike animations. He was also part of destruction in the Steve Bartman baseball.
/m/05_wyz	A general counsel or chief legal officer is the chief lawyer of a legal department, usually in a company or a governmental department.\nIn a company, the position typically reports directly to the CEO, and its duties involve overseeing and identifying the legal issues in all departments and their interrelation, including engineering, design, marketing, sales, distribution, credit, finance, human resources, production, as well as corporate governance and business policy. This would naturally require in most cases reporting directly to the owner or CEO overseeing the very business on which the CLO is expected to be familiar with and advise on the most confidential level. This requires the CLO/General Counsel to work closely with each of the other officers, and their departments, to appropriately be aware and advise.\nHistorically, general counsel often handled administrative tasks while outside lawyers in private practice handled more complex legal work. Since the 1980s, however, the general counsel position has become increasingly prominent in multinational companies, often directly advising the board of directors in place of outside lawyers. General counsel are now often among the most highly paid executives of major American corporations, and prominent American government lawyers and law firm partners are often hired for general counsel roles at prominent companies. Similar trends are also being seen in the United Kingdom and other countries.
/m/0pmp2	Quebec, also Québec, Quebec City, or Québec City, is the capital of the Canadian province of Quebec. As of 2011 the city has a population of 516,622, and the metropolitan area has a population of 765,706, making it the second most populous city in Quebec after Montreal, which is about 233 km to the southwest.\nThe narrowing of the Saint Lawrence River proximate to the city's promontory, Cap-Diamant, and Lévis, on the opposite bank, provided the name given to the city, Kébec, an Algonquin word meaning \"where the river narrows\". Founded in 1608 by Samuel de Champlain, Quebec City is one of the oldest cities in North America. The ramparts surrounding Old Quebec are the only fortified city walls remaining in the Americas north of Mexico, and were declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1985 as the 'Historic District of Old Québec'.\nAccording to the federal and provincial governments, Québec is the city's official name in both French and English, although Quebec City is commonly used, particularly to distinguish the city from the province. The city's most famous landmark is the Château Frontenac, a hotel which dominates the skyline. The National Assembly of Quebec, the Musée national des beaux-arts du Québec, and the Musée de la civilisation are found within or near Vieux-Québec.
/m/073v6	Saul Bellow was a Canadian-born American writer. For his literary contributions, Bellow was awarded the Pulitzer Prize, the Nobel Prize for Literature, and the National Medal of Arts. He is the only writer to win the National Book Award for Fiction three times and he received the Foundation's lifetime Medal for Distinguished Contribution to American Letters in 1990.\nIn the words of the Swedish Nobel Committee, his writing exhibited \"the mixture of rich picaresque novel and subtle analysis of our culture, of entertaining adventure, drastic and tragic episodes in quick succession interspersed with philosophic conversation, all developed by a commentator with a witty tongue and penetrating insight into the outer and inner complications that drive us to act, or prevent us from acting, and that can be called the dilemma of our age.\" His best-known works include The Adventures of Augie March, Henderson the Rain King, Herzog, Mr. Sammler's Planet, Seize the Day, Humboldt's Gift and Ravelstein. Widely regarded as one of the 20th century's greatest authors, Bellow has had a \"huge literary influence.\"\nBellow said that of all his characters Eugene Henderson, of \"Henderson the Rain King,\" was the one most like himself. Bellow grew up as an insolent slum kid, a \"thick-necked\" rowdy, and an immigrant from Quebec. As Christopher Hitchens describes it, Bellow's fiction and principal characters reflect his own yearning for transcendence, a battle \"to overcome not just ghetto conditions but also ghetto psychoses.\" Bellow's protagonists, in one shape or another, all wrestle with what Corde called \"the big-scale insanities of the 20th century.\" This transcendence of the \"unutterably dismal\" is achieved, if it can be achieved at all, through a \"ferocious assimilation of learning\" and an emphasis on nobility.
/m/04j_gs	Robert William \"Rob\" Corddry is an American actor and comedian. He is known for his work as a correspondent on The Daily Show with Jon Stewart and for his starring role in the comedy film Hot Tub Time Machine. He is also the creator and star of the Adult Swim comedy series Childrens Hospital and won his first and second Emmy Awards in September 2012 & September 2013.
/m/024h08	Indonesian cuisine is diverse, in part because Indonesia is composed of approximately 6,000 populated islands of the total 18,000 in the world's largest archipelago. Many regional cuisines exist, often based upon cultural and foreign influences. Indonesian cuisine varies greatly by region and has many different influences.\nThroughout its history, Indonesia has been involved in trade due to its location and natural resources. Additionally, Indonesia’s indigenous techniques and ingredients were influenced by India, the Middle East, China, and finally Europe. Spanish and Portuguese traders brought New World produce even before the Dutch came to colonize most of the archipelago. The Indonesian islands The Moluccas, which are famed as \"the Spice Islands\", also contributed to the introduction of native spices, such as cloves and nutmeg, to Indonesian and global cuisine. Five main Indonesian cooking methods are goreng, bakar or panggang, tumis, rebus and kukus.\nSome popular Indonesian dishes such as nasi goreng, gado-gado, sate, and soto are ubiquitous in the country and considered as Indonesian national dishes.
/m/0fz2y7	The 31st Academy Awards ceremony was held on April 6, 1959, to honor the best films of 1958. The show's producer, Jerry Wald, started cutting numbers from the show to make sure it ran on time. He cut too much material and the ceremony ended 20 minutes early, leaving Jerry Lewis to attempt to fill in the time. Eventually, NBC cut to a re-run of a sports show.\nThe film Gigi won nine Oscars, breaking the previous record of eight. It would be short-lived, however, as Ben-Hur broke the record with eleven Oscars the following year.\nGigi was the last film until The Last Emperor to win Best Picture without any acting nominations. It also had the biggest clean sweep that would be met by The Last Emperor, winning all 9 of its nominations. The record was broken in 2003 by The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King with all 11 of its nominations, also another record of most Oscar wins with Ben-Hur and Titanic.
/m/03_8r	Judo is a modern martial art, combat and Olympic sport created in Japan in 1882 by Jigoro Kano. Its most prominent feature is its competitive element, where the objective is to either throw or takedown an opponent to the ground, immobilize or otherwise subdue an opponent with a pin, or force an opponent to submit with a joint lock or a choke. Strikes and thrusts by hands and feet as well as weapons defenses are a part of judo, but only in pre-arranged forms and are not allowed in judo competition or free practice. A judo practitioner is called a judoka.\nThe philosophy and subsequent pedagogy developed for judo became the model for other modern Japanese martial arts that developed from koryū. The worldwide spread of judo has led to the development of a number of offshoots such as Sambo and Brazilian jiu-jitsu.
/m/0xr0t	Morristown is a town in Morris County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, the town's population was 18,411, reflecting a decline of 133 from the 18,544 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn increased by 2,355 from the 16,189 counted in the 1990 Census. It is the county seat of Morris County. Morristown has been called \"the military capital of the American Revolution\" because of its strategic role in the war for independence from Great Britain. Today this history is visible in a variety of locations throughout the town that collectively make up Morristown National Historical Park.\nThe area was inhabited by the Lenni Lenape Native Americans for up to 6,000 years prior to exploration by Europeans. The first European settlements in this portion of New Jersey were established by the Swedes and Dutch in the early 17th century, when a significant trade in furs existed between the natives and the Europeans at temporary posts. It became part of the Dutch colony of New Netherland, but the English seized control of the region in 1664, which was granted to Sir George Carteret and John Berkeley, 1st Baron Berkeley of Stratton, as the Province of New Jersey. In British colonial records, the first permanent European settlement at Morristown occurred in 1715, when a village was founded as New Hanover by migrants from New York and Connecticut. Morris County was created on March 15, 1739, from portions of Hunterdon County. The county was named for the popular Governor of the Province, Lewis Morris, who championed benefits for the colonists.
/m/0k54q	The Transformers: The Movie is a 1986 animated feature film based on the animated TV series by the same name. It was released in North America on August 8, 1986 and in the UK on December 5, 1986.\nThe film was directed by Nelson Shin, who produced the original Transformers television series, and features the voices of Eric Idle, Judd Nelson, Leonard Nimoy, Casey Kasem, Robert Stack, Lionel Stander, John Moschitta, Jr., Peter Cullen and Frank Welker. It also marked the final roles for both Orson Welles and Scatman Crothers; the former died nearly a year before the film was released.\nThe story takes place in 2005, 20 years after the events of the TV series' second season and serves to bridge into the third season. Set to a soundtrack of synth-based incidental music and hard-driving metal music, composed by Vince DiCola, the movie has a decidedly darker tone than the television series, with detailed visuals in Toei Animation's typical anime film styling, and like G.I. Joe: The Movie, Decepticon villains that are more menacing, killing without hesitation. The film features several grand battles in which a handful of major characters meet their end. The film's tagline was: \"Beyond good. Beyond evil. Beyond your wildest imagination.\"
/m/08cfr1	Slaughterhouse-Five is a 1972 film based on Kurt Vonnegut's novel of the same name. The screenplay is by Stephen Geller and the film was directed by George Roy Hill. It stars Michael Sacks, Ron Leibman, and Valerie Perrine, and features Eugene Roche, Sharon Gans, Holly Near, and Perry King. The scenes set in Dresden were filmed in Prague. The other scenes were filmed in Minnesota.\nVonnegut wrote about the film soon after its release, in his preface to Between Time and Timbuktu:
/m/03_fmr	Brooklyn Law School is a law school founded in 1901. It is located in Brooklyn Heights, New York City, in the United States, and has approximately 1,400 students.\nThe Dean of Brooklyn Law School is Nicholas Allard, who assumed the role in 2012. Brooklyn Law School’s faculty includes 64 full-time professors, 6 emeriti faculty, and a number of adjunct faculty, many of whom are preeminent legal scholars.\nBrooklyn Law School has produced a number of luminaries, including New York City Mayor David Dinkins, US Senator Norm Coleman, Judges Frank Altimari and Jack Weinstein, attorneys Stephen Dannhauser, Myron Trepper, and Allen Grubman, CEOs Barry Salzberg and Marty Bandier, and billionaire real estate developers Leon Charney and Larry Silverstein. The nine-month employment rate for the Class of 2011 was 73%. Alumni have relocated to 49 states and over 25 countries after graduation.
/m/0f8pz	Andrew Lloyd Webber, Baron Lloyd-Webber, properly styled and widely known as The Lord Lloyd-Webber, is a British composer and impresario of musical theatre.\nSeveral of his musicals have run for more than a decade both in the West End and on Broadway. He has composed 13 musicals, a song cycle, a set of variations, two film scores, and a Latin Requiem Mass. He has also gained a number of honours, including a knighthood in 1992, followed by a peerage from Queen Elizabeth II for services to Music, seven Tony Awards, three Grammy Awards, an Academy Award, fourteen Ivor Novello Awards, seven Olivier Awards, a Golden Globe Award, and the Kennedy Center Honors in 2006. He has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, is an inductee into the Songwriter's Hall of Fame, and is a fellow of the British Academy of Songwriters, Composers and Authors.\nSeveral of his songs have been widely recorded and were hits outside of their parent musicals, notably \"The Music of the Night\" from The Phantom of the Opera, \"I Don't Know How to Love Him\" from Jesus Christ Superstar, \"Don't Cry for Me, Argentina\" and \"You Must Love Me\" from Evita, \"Any Dream Will Do\" from Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat and \"Memory\" from Cats.
/m/02jxmr	James Newton Howard is an American composer best known for his scores to motion pictures. He is one of the most popular and respected composers for cinema, and has scored over 100 films. The recipient of eight Academy Award nominations, some of Howard's best known film scores include The Prince of Tides, The Fugitive, Dinosaur, The Village, King Kong, Batman Begins, I Am Legend The Dark Knight, and, most recently Green Lantern, The Hunger Games, Snow White and the Huntsman, The Bourne Legacy and Catching Fire. He is known for his frequent collaborations with director M. Night Shyamalan, having scored all his films since The Sixth Sense. Howard also has a reputation of being a fast composer, due to his work on movies such as King Kong and The Hunger Games, both of which were composed in approximately one month.
/m/0tyq	Art Deco, or Deco, is an influential visual arts design style which first appeared in France after World War I, flourishing internationally in the 1930s and 1940s before its popularity waned after World War II. It is an eclectic style that combines traditional craft motifs with Machine Age imagery and materials. The style is often characterized by rich colors, bold geometric shapes, and lavish ornamentation.\nDeco emerged from the Interwar period when rapid industrialization was transforming culture. One of its major attributes is an embrace of technology. This distinguishes Deco from the organic motifs favored by its predecessor Art Nouveau.\nHistorian Bevis Hillier defined Art Deco as \"an assertively modern style [that] ran to symmetry rather than asymmetry, and to the rectilinear rather than the curvilinear; it responded to the demands of the machine and of new material [and] the requirements of mass production\".\nDuring its heyday, Art Deco represented luxury, glamour, exuberance, and faith in social and technological progress.
/m/0h1m9	Ruth Elizabeth \"Bette\" Davis was an American actress of film, television and theater. Noted for her willingness to play unsympathetic, sardonic characters, she was highly regarded for her performances in a range of film genres, from contemporary crime melodramas to historical and period films and occasional comedies, although her greatest successes were her roles in romantic dramas.\nAfter appearing in Broadway plays, Davis moved to Hollywood in 1930, but her early films for Universal Studios were unsuccessful. She joined Warner Bros. in 1932 and established her career with several critically acclaimed performances. In 1937, she attempted to free herself from her contract and although she lost a well-publicized legal case, it marked the beginning of the most successful period of her career. Until the late 1940s, she was one of American cinema's most celebrated leading ladies, known for her forceful and intense style. Davis gained a reputation as a perfectionist who could be highly combative, and confrontations with studio executives, film directors and costars were often reported. Her forthright manner, clipped vocal style and ubiquitous cigarette contributed to a public persona which has often been imitated and satirized.
/m/01w20rx	Toby McKeehan, better known by his stage name TobyMac, is a Christian recording artist, music producer, hip-hop/pop artist, singer-songwriter, and author.\nTobyMac was one of the first and best-known Christian rappers. He was first known for being a member of the Christian vocal trio DC Talk, staying with them from 1987 until their announced hiatus in 2000. He has since continued a successful solo career with the release of five studio albums: Momentum, Welcome to Diverse City, Portable Sounds, Tonight, Eye on It, as well as two remixed albums of the first two albums titled Re:Mix Momentum and Renovating Diverse City respectively, and one remix album for albums number three and four titled Dubbed and Freq'd: A Remix Project. He also has a full-length Christmas album Christmas in Diverse City. TobyMac became only the third Christian artist to have a No. 1 debut on Billboard's Top 200 chart with Eye on It.\nBetween DC Talk and his own solo career, he has sold more than 10 million albums. TobyMac has had six No. 1 hit CHR singles including \"Gone\", \"Made to Love\" and \"Lose My Soul.\" Five singles have gone to No. 1 on Billboard's Christian Songs chart, tying him with Third Day for fourth on the list of artists with the most No. 1 hits on that chart. His live concert CD+DVD combo album, Alive and Transported, was released in 2008 and received the Grammy Award for Best Rock or Rap Gospel Album at the 51st Grammy Awards in 2009. His fifth studio album, Eye on It, was released on August 28, 2012 and received a Grammy for Best Contemporary Christian Music Album at the 2013 Grammys held on February 10, 2013.
/m/05sw5b	Recess: School's Out is a 2001 American animated mystery-comedy film based on the Disney television series Recess. It was produced by Walt Disney Pictures and released theatrically in the United States on February 16, 2001. It was released on video and DVD on August 7, 2001.
/m/02b0_6	Oldham Athletic Association Football Club is a professional football club based at Boundary Park, on Furtherwood Road off Sheepfoot Lane in Oldham, Greater Manchester, England. The club currently competes in the Football League One, the third tier in the English football league system. They have been in this league since their relegation from the old Football League First Division in 1997. It is incorporated as Oldham Athletic Association Football Club Limited, but is more commonly known as Oldham Athletic or by its nickname Latics.\nThe history of Oldham Athletic A.F.C. begins with its founding as Pine Villa F.C. in 1895, which played in local Manchester and Lancashire leagues. When rivals Oldham County F.C. folded in 1899, Pine Villa F.C. moved into their stadium, the Oldham Athletic Ground and changed their name to Oldham Athletic. They were Football League runners-up in the 1914–15 season, the last before the outbreak of the First World War, but were relegated from the Football League First Division in 1923. They reached the 1990 Football League Cup Final and won the Football League Second Division title in 1991, ending 68 years outside the top tier of English football. They secured their top division status a year later to become founder members of the new Premier League, but were relegated after two seasons despite reaching that year's FA Cup Semi-finals.
/m/027nnh	The Conservative Party of Canada has gone by a variety of names over the years since Canadian Confederation. Initially known as the \"Liberal-Conservative Party\", it dropped \"Liberal\" from its name in 1873, although many of its candidates continued to use this name.\nAs a result of World War I and the Conscription Crisis of 1917, the party joined with pro-conscription Liberals to become the \"Unionist Party\", led by Robert Borden from 1917 to 1920, and then the \"National Liberal and Conservative Party\" until 1922. It then reverted to \"Liberal-Conservative Party\" until 1938, when it became simply the \"National Conservative Party\". It ran in the 1940 election as \"National Government\" even though it was in opposition.\nThe party was almost always referred to as simply the \"Conservative Party\" or Tories.
/m/08nhwb	Respiratory disease is a medical term that encompasses pathological conditions affecting the organs and tissues that make gas exchange possible in higher organisms, and includes conditions of the upper respiratory tract, trachea, bronchi, bronchioles, alveoli, pleura and pleural cavity, and the nerves and muscles of breathing. Respiratory diseases range from mild and self-limiting, such as the common cold, to life-threatening entities like bacterial pneumonia, pulmonary embolism, and lung cancer.\nThe study of respiratory disease is known as pulmonology. A doctor who specializes in respiratory disease is known as a pulmonologist, a chest medicine specialist, a respiratory medicine specialist, a respirologist or a thoracic medicine specialist.
/m/07s8z_l	The Amazing Race is an American reality game show in which typically eleven teams of two race around the world. The race is split into roughly twelve legs interspersed with physical and mental challenges, and require teams to deduce clues, navigate themselves in foreign areas, interact with locals, perform physical and mental challenges, and vie for airplane, boat, taxi, and other public transportation options on a limited budget provided by the show. Teams are progressively eliminated at the end of most legs; the first of the last three remaining teams to cross the final leg's finish line win US$1 million. As the original version of the Amazing Race franchise, the CBS program has been running since 2001. There have been 24 seasons, with the latest premiering on February 23, 2014. Numerous international versions have been developed following the same core structure, while the U.S. version is also broadcast to several other markets.\nThe show was created by Elise Doganieri and Bertram van Munster, who, along with Jonathan Littman, serve as executive producers. The show is produced by Earthview Inc., Bruckheimer Television for CBS Television Studios and ABC Studios. The series has been hosted by veteran New Zealand television personality Phil Keoghan since its inception.
/m/043g7l	Sony Music Entertainment is a United States music corporation owned and operated by Sony Corporation of America, a subsidiary of Japanese conglomerate Sony Corporation. In 1929, the enterprise was first founded as American Record Corporation and, in 1938, was renamed Columbia Recording Corporation, following ARC's acquisition by CBS. In 1966, the company was reorganized to become CBS Records. In 1987, SCA bought the company and, in 1991, renamed it SME.\nIn 2004, SME and Bertelsmann Music Group merged as Sony BMG Music Entertainment. Later, when Sony acquired BMG's half of the conglomerate, it reverted to the SME name – the buyout led to the dissolution of BMG, which relaunched as BMG Rights Management. SME is middle-sized of the \"Big Three\" record companies, with Universal Music Group and Warner Music Group.
/m/065jlv	Geraldine Margaret Agnew-Somerville is an Irish born British actress best known for her roles as Detective Sergeant Jane Penhaligon in Cracker, and Lily Potter in the Harry Potter film series.
/m/0178kd	INXS were an Australian rock band, formed as The Farriss Brothers in 1977 in Sydney, New South Wales. Mainstays were main composer Andrew Farriss on keyboards, Jon Farriss on drums, Tim Farriss on guitar, Kirk Pengilly on guitar and saxophone, Garry Gary Beers on bass, and main lyricist Michael Hutchence on vocals For 20 years, INXS were fronted by Hutchence, whose \"sultry good looks\" and magnetic stage presence made him the focal point of the band. Initially known for their new wave/ska/pop style, they later developed a harder pub rock style, including funk and dance elements.\nIn the early 1980s, INXS first charted in their native Australia with their debut self-titled album, but later garnered moderate success elsewhere with Shabooh Shoobah and a single, \"The One Thing\". Though The Swing brought more success from around the world, its single \"Original Sin\" was even greater commercially, becoming their first number-one single. They would later achieve international success with a series of hit recordings through later in the 1980s and the 1990s, including the albums Listen Like Thieves, Kick, and X; and the singles \"What You Need\", \"Need You Tonight\", \"Devil Inside\", \"New Sensation\", and \"Suicide Blonde\".
/m/08c9b0	Patrick Doyle is a Scottish film composer. A longtime collaborator of actor-director Kenneth Branagh, Doyle is known for his work composing for films such Henry V, Sense and Sensibility, Hamlet, and Gosford Park, as well as Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, Eragon, Rise of the Planet of the Apes and Thor. Doyle has been nominated for two Academy Awards and two Golden Globe Awards, and is the recipient of the ASCAP Henry Mancini Award for \"outstanding achievements and contributions to the world of film and television music\".
/m/07c0j	The Beatles were an English rock band that formed in Liverpool, in 1960. With John Lennon, Paul McCartney, George Harrison, and Ringo Starr, they became widely regarded as the greatest and most influential act of the rock era. Rooted in skiffle and 1950s rock and roll, the Beatles later experimented with several genres, ranging from pop ballads to psychedelic and hard rock, often incorporating classical elements in innovative ways. In the early 1960s, their enormous popularity first emerged as \"Beatlemania\", but as their songwriting grew in sophistication they came to be perceived as an embodiment of the ideals shared by the era's sociocultural revolutions.\nStarting in 1960, the Beatles built their reputation playing clubs in Liverpool and Hamburg over a three-year period. Manager Brian Epstein moulded them into a professional act and producer George Martin enhanced their musical potential. They gained popularity in the United Kingdom after their first hit, \"Love Me Do\", in late 1962. They acquired the nickname the \"Fab Four\" as Beatlemania grew in Britain over the following year, and by early 1964 they had become international stars, leading the \"British Invasion\" of the United States pop market. From 1965 on, the Beatles produced what many critics consider their finest material, including the innovative and widely influential albums Rubber Soul, Revolver, Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band, The Beatles, and Abbey Road. After their break-up in 1970, they each enjoyed successful musical careers. Lennon was shot and killed in December 1980, and Harrison died of lung cancer in November 2001. McCartney and Starr, the remaining members, remain musically active.
/m/02yh8l	K-pop is a musical genre originating in South Korea that is characterized by a wide variety of audiovisual elements. Although it comprises all genres of \"popular music\" within South Korea, the term is more often used in a narrower sense to describe a modern form of South Korean pop music covering mostly dance-pop, pop ballad, electronic, rock, hip-hop, R&B, etc.\nIn 1992, modern K-pop was ushered in with the formation of Seo Taiji & Boys, whose successful experimentation with different music styles had sparked a paradigm shift in the music industry of South Korea. As a result, the integration of foreign musical elements has now become a common practice in the K-pop industry.\nBy tapping into social networking services and the video sharing platform YouTube, the K-pop industry's ability to secure a sizable overseas audience has facilitated a noticeable rise in the global proliferation of the genre. Since the mid-2000s, the K-pop music market has experienced double digit growth rates. In the first half of 2012, it grossed nearly US$3.4 billion, and was recognized by Time magazine as \"South Korea's Greatest Export\".\nFirst gaining popularity in East Asia in the late 1990s, K-pop entered the Japanese music market towards the turn of the 21st century. In the late 2000s, it grew from a musical genre into a subculture among teenagers and young adults of East and Southeast Asia. Currently, the spread of K-pop to other regions of the world, via the Korean wave, is seen in parts of Latin America, Northeast India, North Africa, the Middle East, Eastern Europe and immigrant enclaves of the Western world.
/m/0pmpl	Regina is the capital city of the Canadian province of Saskatchewan. The city is the second-largest in the province and a cultural and commercial centre for southern Saskatchewan. It is governed by Regina City Council. Regina is the cathedral city of the Roman Catholic and Romanian Orthodox Dioceses of Regina and the Anglican Diocese of Qu'Appelle. Citizens of Regina are referred to as Reginans. The city is surrounded by the Rural Municipality of Sherwood No. 159. In 2013, Regina was named the 6th best Canadian mid-sized city in which to live by MoneySense magazine.\nRegina was previously the seat of government of the North-West Territories, of which the current provinces of Saskatchewan and Alberta originally formed part, and of the District of Assiniboia. The site having previously been Wascana, it was re-named named in 1882 after Queen Victoria, Victoria Regina, by her daughter Princess Louise, wife of the Marquess of Lorne, then the Governor General of Canada.\nUnlike other planned cities in the Canadian West, on its treeless flat plain Regina has few topographical features other than the small spring run-off Wascana Creek. Early planners took advantage of such opportunity by damming the creek to create a decorative lake to the south of the central business district with a dam a block and a half west of the later elaborate 840-foot long Albert Street Bridge across the new lake. Regina's importance was further secured when the new province of Saskatchewan designated the city its capital in 1906. Wascana Centre, created around the focal point of Wascana Lake, remains one of Regina's attraction and contains the Provincial Legislative Building, both campuses of the University of Regina, the provincial museum of natural history, the Regina Conservatory, the Saskatchewan Science Centre, the Norman MacKenzie Art Gallery and the Saskatchewan Centre of the Arts.
/m/031bf1	Lloyd Kaufman is an American film director, producer, screenwriter and occasional actor. With producer Michael Herz, he is the co-founder of Troma Entertainment film studio, and the director of many of their feature films, including The Toxic Avenger and Tromeo and Juliet. Kaufman also serves on the board of the Independent Film & Television Alliance of which he is the former President.
/m/0rsjf	Daytona Beach is a city in Volusia County, Florida, United States. The city lies about 51 miles northeast of Orlando, 86 miles southeast of Jacksonville, and 242 miles northwest of Miami. In the 2010 U.S. Census, it had a population of 61,005. It is a principal city of the Deltona–Daytona Beach–Ormond Beach, Florida Metropolitan Statistical Area, which was home to 494,593 people in 2010. Daytona Beach is also a principal city of the Fun Coast region of Florida.\nThe city is historically known for its beach where the hard-packed sand allows motorized vehicles to drive on the beach in restricted areas. This hard-packed sand made Daytona Beach a mecca for motorsports, and the old Daytona Beach Road Course hosted races for over 50 years. This was replaced in 1959 by the Daytona International Speedway. The city is also the headquarters for NASCAR and the Grand American Road Racing Association.\nDaytona Beach hosts large groups of out-of-towners that descend upon the city for various events, notably Speedweeks in early February when over 200,000 NASCAR fans come to attend the season-opening Daytona 500. Other events include the NASCAR Coke Zero 400 race in July, Bike Week in early March, Biketoberfest in late October, and the Rolex 24 Hours of Daytona endurance race in January.
/m/0495ys	The Ninety-third United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, composed of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, DC from January 3, 1973 to January 3, 1975, during the end of Richard Nixon's presidency, and the beginning of Gerald Ford's. This Congress was the first Congress with more than two Senate Presidents, in this case, three. After the resignation of Spiro Agnew, Gerald Ford was appointed under the authority of the newly ratified 25th Amendment. Ford became President the next year and Nelson Rockefeller was appointed in his place. The apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives was based on the Nineteenth Census of the United States in 1970. Both chambers had a Democratic majority.
/m/03ytj1	The Georgia national football team is the national association football team of Georgia and is controlled by the Georgian Football Federation. The Georgian team's first match took place in 1990, while Georgia was still part of the Soviet Union. The team have attempted to qualify for each major tournament from Euro 96 onwards, but have not yet achieved qualification. Home games are played at the Boris Paichadze Stadium in Tbilisi.
/m/0g_wn2	Anchorage is a unified home rule municipality in the southcentral part of the U.S. state of Alaska. It is the northernmost city in the United States with more than 100,000 residents and the largest community in North America north of the 60th parallel. With an estimated 298,610 residents in 2012, it is Alaska's most populous city and contains more than 40 percent of the state's total population; among the 50 states, only New York has a higher percentage of residents who live in its most populous city. Altogether, the Anchorage metropolitan area, which combines Anchorage with the neighboring Matanuska-Susitna Borough, had a population of 380,821 in 2012.\nAnchorage has been named an All-America City four times, in 1956, 1965, 1984–85, and 2002, by the National Civic League. It has also been named by Kiplinger as the most tax-friendly city in the United States.
/m/03_87	James Augustine Aloysius Joyce was an Irish novelist and poet, considered to be one of the most influential writers in the modernist avant-garde of the early 20th century. Joyce is best known for Ulysses, a landmark work in which the episodes of Homer's Odyssey are paralleled in an array of contrasting literary styles, perhaps most prominent among these the stream of consciousness technique he perfected. Other major works are the short-story collection Dubliners, and the novels A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man and Finnegans Wake. His complete oeuvre also includes three books of poetry, a play, occasional journalism, and his published letters.\nJoyce was born into a middle class family in Dublin, where he excelled as a student at the Jesuit schools Clongowes and Belvedere, then at University College Dublin. In his early twenties he emigrated permanently to continental Europe, living in Trieste, Paris and Zurich. Though most of his adult life was spent abroad, Joyce's fictional universe does not extend far beyond Dublin, and is populated largely by characters who closely resemble family members, enemies and friends from his time there; Ulysses in particular is set with precision in the streets and alleyways of the city. Shortly after the publication of Ulysses he elucidated this preoccupation somewhat, saying, \"For myself, I always write about Dublin, because if I can get to the heart of Dublin I can get to the heart of all the cities of the world. In the particular is contained the universal.\"
/m/06hgym	Shawn Caminiti Pyfrom is an American actor who has appeared in several television series and films, and is best known for his portrayal of Andrew Van de Kamp on ABC's Desperate Housewives, and as Lionel Griff in Playhouse Disney's Stanley
/m/07gyp7	The McDonald's Corporation is the world's largest chain of hamburger fast food restaurants, serving around 68 million customers daily in 119 countries. Headquartered in the United States, the company began in 1940 as a barbecue restaurant operated by Richard and Maurice McDonald; in 1948 they reorganized their business as a hamburger stand using production line principles. Businessman Ray Kroc joined the company as a franchise agent in 1955. He subsequently purchased the chain from the McDonald brothers and oversaw its worldwide growth.\nA McDonald's restaurant is operated by either a franchisee, an affiliate, or the corporation itself. McDonald's Corporation revenues come from the rent, royalties, and fees paid by the franchisees, as well as sales in company-operated restaurants. In 2012, McDonald's Corporation had annual revenues of $27.5 billion, and profits of $5.5 billion.\nMcDonald's primarily sells hamburgers, cheeseburgers, chicken, french fries, breakfast items, soft drinks, milkshakes, and desserts. In response to changing consumer tastes, the company has expanded its menu to include salads, fish, wraps, smoothies, and fruit.
/m/0h1mt	Jane Fonda is an American actress, writer, political activist, former fashion model, and fitness guru. She rose to fame in the 1960s with films such as Barbarella and Cat Ballou and, with interruptions, has appeared in films ever since. She has won two Academy Awards, an Emmy Award and seven Golden Globe Awards among many other accolades. She announced her retirement from acting in 1991, but returned to film in 2005 with Monster in Law, and later Georgia Rule, released in 2007. She also produced and starred in several exercise videos released between 1982 and 1995.\nFonda has been an activist for many political causes; her opposition to the Vietnam War and associated activities were controversial. She has protested the Iraq War and violence against women, and describes herself as a feminist. In 2005, she, Robin Morgan and Gloria Steinem co-founded the Women's Media Center, an organization that works to amplify the voices of women in the media through advocacy, media and leadership training, and the creation of original content. Fonda currently serves on the board of the organization. She published an autobiography in 2005. In 2011, she published a second memoir, Prime Time.
/m/02qvvv	Florida Agricultural and Mechanical University, commonly known as Florida A&M University or FAMU, is a public, historically black university in Tallahassee, Florida. Founded in 1887, it is the largest historically black university in the United States by enrollment. It is a member institution of the State University System of Florida, as well as one of the state's land grant universities, and is accredited to award baccalaureate, master's and doctoral degrees by the Commission on Colleges of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools. The university is a member-school of the Thurgood Marshall College Fund.
/m/02b0_m	Peterborough United Football Club are a professional English football club based in Peterborough. Peterborough United formed in 1934 and played in the old Midland League, which they won six times; eventually being admitted to the Football League in 1960, replacing Gateshead. Their home ground is London Road and the club nickname is The Posh. After being relegated from the Championship on the final day of the 2012–13 season, the club will compete in League One, the third tier in the English football league system, in the 2013–14 season. Their highest finishing position in the Football League ladder was 10th in the Championship.
/m/01gc7h	Jason Bradford Priestley is a Canadian–American actor and director. He is best known as the virtuous Brandon Walsh on the television series Beverly Hills, 90210 and for his role starring as Richard \"Fitz\" Fitzpatrick in the show Call Me Fitz.
/m/06jntd	Sony Pictures Home Entertainment is the home video distribution arm of Sony Pictures Entertainment, a subsidiary of Sony Corporation.\nIt is responsible for the distribution of the Sony Pictures library for home entertainment, mainly releases from Columbia Pictures and TriStar Pictures, but also releases product from Sony Pictures Classics, Screen Gems, Triumph Films, Destination Films, Revolution Studios, Stage 6 Films, and Affirm Films. Since June 20, 2007, SPHE now handles its former Sony BMG kids label, Sony Wonder.\nThey are also responsible for their television shows from the Sony Pictures Television library from Screen Gems, Columbia Pictures Television, TriStar Television, Tandem Productions, TOY Productions, ELP Communications, Four D Productions, Columbia TriStar Television and Sony Pictures Television.\nIn Canada, Columbia TriStar Home Video helped distribute tapes from Astral Video in the 1990s. It also has an Australian deal with Hoyts.
/m/0k3nk	The Cascade Range is a major mountain range of western North America, extending from southern British Columbia through Washington and Oregon to Northern California. It includes both non-volcanic mountains, such as the North Cascades, and the notable volcanoes known as the High Cascades. The small part of the range in British Columbia is referred to as the Canadian Cascades or, locally, as the Cascade Mountains. The latter term is also sometimes used by Washington residents to refer to the Washington section of the Cascades in addition to North Cascades, the more usual U.S. term, as in North Cascades National Park.\nThe Cascades are part of the Pacific Ring of Fire, the ring of volcanoes and associated mountains around the Pacific Ocean. All of the eruptions in the contiguous United States over the last 200 years have been from Cascade volcanoes. The two most recent were Lassen Peak from 1914 to 1921 and a major eruption of Mount St. Helens in 1980. Minor eruptions of Mount St. Helens have also occurred since, most recently in 2005.
/m/02g2yr	The Saturn Award for Best Actress is one of the annual awards given by the American professional organization, the Academy of Science Fiction, Fantasy & Horror Films. The Saturn Awards are the oldest film-specialized awards to reward science fiction, fantasy, and horror achievements and included the Best Actress category for the first time for the 1974 film year.\nThe Saturn Award for Best Actress is the oldest prize to reward actresses in science fiction, fantasy, and horror films: other awards such as the Academy and Golden Globe Awards, despite supposedly disregarding the genre, gave little recognition to acting quality at the time. In 1996 the Saturns began to reward both film and television acting, and created the Saturn Award for Best Actress on Television. For the first two years it was awarded there were no nominees announced.\nThe actresses with the most nominations are Jodie Foster, Natalie Portman, Naomi Watts and Sigourney Weaver, who are all tied with five. Foster, Portman and Watts also have the most wins, with two each.
/m/01wbgdv	Chaka Khan is an American singer-songwriter whose career has spanned four decades, beginning in the 1970s as the frontwoman and focal point of the funk band Rufus. Often cited as the Queen of Funk, Khan has won ten Grammys and has sold an estimated 200 million records worldwide
/m/03x2qp	Texas blues is a subgenre of blues. It has had various style variations but typically has been played with more swing than other blues styles.\nTexas blues differs from styles such as Chicago blues in its use of instruments and sounds, especially the heavy use of the guitar. Musicians such as Stevie Ray Vaughan contributed by using various types of guitar sounds like southern slide guitar and different melodies of blues and jazz. Texas blues also relies on guitar solos or \"licks\" as bridges in songs.
/m/05znxx	The Fugitive is a 1993 American thriller film based on the 1960s television series of the same name created by Roy Huggins. The film was directed by Andrew Davis and stars Harrison Ford and Tommy Lee Jones. After being wrongfully convicted for the murder of his wife, Dr. Richard Kimble escapes from custody and is declared a fugitive. He sets out to prove his innocence and bring those who were responsible to justice while being pursued relentlessly by a team of U.S. Marshals, led by Deputy Samuel Gerard.\nThe film premiered in theaters in the United States on August 6, 1993 and spent six weeks as the #1 film, grossing $368,875,760. Considering its production budget of $44 million and related marketing costs, the film was considered a major financial success. The Fugitive was nominated for seven Academy Awards including Best Picture, a rarity for a film associated with a television series. Jones won the Oscar for Best Supporting Actor. It presently holds a 96% score on Rotten Tomatoes and a rating of \"universal acclaim\" from Metacritic.\nOn August 31, 1993, the original motion picture soundtrack was released by the Elektra Records music label. The soundtrack was composed and orchestrated by musician James Newton Howard. The independent music label La-La Land Records would also later release a limited edition 2-CD set soundtrack as well. The film spawned a sequel, U.S. Marshals, in which Jones reprised his role as Gerard. The sequel was directed by Stuart Baird; acquiring mostly negative critical reviews but earning over $100 million at the box office.
/m/074w86	Deuce Bigalow: European Gigolo is the 2005 sequel to the 1999 film Deuce Bigalow: Male Gigolo, from Happy Madison Productions. Rob Schneider returns in the role of a male prostitute Deuce Bigalow who visits his former pimp T.J. in Amsterdam, and then finds himself looking for a murderer who is killing the greatest \"man-whores\" of Europe. Unlike Male Gigolo, distributed by Disney's Touchstone Pictures brand, European Gigolo was released by Sony's Columbia Pictures brand.
/m/0517bc	Emma Rose Roberts is an American actress, model and singer. She rose to prominence with her role as Addie Singer in the Nickelodeon television series Unfabulous. She subsequently released her debut album, which also served as the show's soundtrack, Unfabulous and More. After Unfabulous ended, Roberts shifted focus to roles in films, first starring in the film Aquamarine and later as the title character in the 2007 film Nancy Drew. Looking for more mature roles, Roberts appeared in the 2009 drama Lymelife and went on to several more films, often in leading roles. She was part of the acting ensemble with her aunt Julia Roberts in the 2010 film Valentine's Day. In her 2013 return to television, she took on the role of Madison Montgomery in American Horror Story: Coven, the third season of the American Horror Story series.
/m/01f9r0	A docudrama is a genre of radio and television programming, feature film, and staged theatre, which features dramatized re-enactments of actual events. On stage, it is sometimes known as documentary theatre.\nIn the core elements of its story a docudrama strives to adhere to known historical facts, while allowing a greater or lesser degree of dramatic license in peripheral details, and where there are gaps in the historical record. Dialogue may include the actual words of real-life persons, as recorded in historical documents. Docudrama producers sometimes choose to film their reconstructed events in the actual locations in which the historical events occurred.\nAs a neologism, the term docudrama is often confused with docufiction. However, unlike docufiction – which is essentially a documentary filmed in real time, incorporating some fictional elements – docudrama is filmed at a time subsequent to the events it portrays.
/m/0cp0t91	On the Road is a 2012 adventure drama film written by Jack Kerouac, Jose Rivera and directed by Walter Salles.
/m/090gpr	Asha Parekh is a Bollywood actress, director, and producer. She was one of the top stars in Hindi films from 1959 to 1973. In 1992, she was honoured with the Padma Shri by the Government of India. Parekh is regarded as one of the most successful and influential Hindi movie actresses of all time.
/m/01bb1c	The John W. Campbell Memorial Award for Best Science Fiction Novel, or Campbell Memorial Award, is an annual award presented by the Center for the Study of Science Fiction at the University of Kansas to the author of the best science fiction novel published in English in the preceding calendar year. It is the novel counterpart of the Theodore Sturgeon Award for best short story, awarded by the same organization. The award is named in honor of John W. Campbell, whose science fiction writing and role as editor of Analog Science Fiction and Fact made him one of the most influential editors in the early history of science fiction. The award was established in 1973 by writers and critics Harry Harrison and Brian Aldiss \"as a way of continuing his efforts to encourage writers to produce their best possible work.\" Locus Magazine listed it as one of the \"major awards\" of written science fiction.\nThe winning novel is selected by a panel of science fiction experts, intended to be \"small enough to discuss among its members all of the nominated novels\". The initial members of the panel were Gregory Benford, Paul A. Carter, James Gunn, Elizabeth Anne Hull, Christopher McKitterick, Farah Mendlesohn, Pamela Sargent, and Tom Shippey. In 2008 Mendlesohn was replaced with Paul Kincaid, and in 2009 Carter left the panel while Paul Di Filippo and Sheila Finch joined. Nominations are submitted by publishers and jurors, and are collated by the panel into a list of finalists to be voted on. The minimum eligible length that a work may be is not formally defined by the center. The winner is selected by May of each year, and is presented at the Campbell Conference awards banquet in June at the University of Kansas in Lawrence as part of the centerpiece of the conference along with the Sturgeon Award. The award has been given at the conference since 1979; prior to then it was awarded at various locations around the world, starting at the Illinois Institute of Technology in 1973. Winners are always invited to attend the ceremony. The Center for the Study of Science Fiction maintains a trophy which records all of the winners on engraved plaques affixed to the sides, and since 2004 winners have received a smaller personalized trophy as well.
/m/03l6q0	Scary Movie 3 is a 2003 American science fiction horror comedy parody film, which parodies the horror, sci-fi, and mystery genres, directed by David Zucker. It is the third film of the Scary Movie franchise, as well as the first to have no involvement from the Wayans family. This is most evident as the characters of Shorty Meeks and Ray Wilkins, previously played by Shawn Wayans and Marlon Wayans, do not appear, nor are they referenced. The film's plot significantly parodies the films The Ring, Signs, The Matrix, The Matrix Reloaded and 8 Mile. It is also the first film of two in the series to star Leslie Nielsen. Scary Movie 3 opened to mixed reviews from critics, who praised its consistent humor and satire, but criticized many other aspects such as casting, synopsis and pacing. The film was a box-office success, grossing $220,673,217 worldwide.
/m/01z8f0	Chichester is a cathedral city in West Sussex, in South-East England. It has a long history as a settlement; its Roman past and its subsequent importance in Anglo-Saxon times are only its beginnings. It is the seat of a bishopric, with a 12th-century cathedral, and is home to some of the oldest churches and buildings in Great Britain.\nChichester today is a local government stronghold, with three levels of government being administered there. It is also a transport hub, and the centre for culture in the region, with a theatre, museum and two art galleries. Nearby Chichester Harbour, together with the South Downs and the city walls, provide opportunities for outdoor pursuits.
/m/01xyy	Crete is the largest and most populous of the Greek islands, the fifth-largest island in the Mediterranean Sea, and one of the thirteen administrative regions of Greece.The capital and the largest city of Crete is Heraklion. It forms a significant part of the economy and cultural heritage of Greece while retaining its own local cultural traits. Crete was once the center of the Minoan civilization, which is currently regarded as the earliest recorded civilization in Europe.
/m/01gvxv	Virginia Cathryn \"Gena\" Rowlands is an American actress of film, stage and television. The four-time Emmy and two-time Golden Globe winner is best known for her collaborations with her actor-director husband John Cassavetes in ten films, in two of which, Gloria and A Woman Under the Influence, she gave Academy Award-nominated performances.
/m/0fc1m	Livingston County is a county located in the U.S. state of New York. As of the 2010 census, the population was 65,393. It is named after Robert R. Livingston, delegate to the 1775 Continental Congress, member of the committee that drafted the Declaration of Independence, and father-in-law of Richard Montgomery, after whom Montgomery County were named. Its county seat is Geneseo.\nLivingston County is part of the Rochester, New York Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/01w5gg6	John Graham Mellor, best remembered by his stage name Joe Strummer, was a British musician, singer and songwriter who was the co-founder, lyricist, rhythm guitarist and lead vocalist of the punk rock band The Clash, a band that formed in 1976 as part of the original wave of British punk. Along with punk, their music incorporated elements of reggae, ska, dub, funk, rap, and rockabilly. The Clash were one of the most prominent of the emerging bands in the UK punk rock scene, their second album, Give 'Em Enough Rope reaching number 2 on the UK charts. Soon after, they began achieving success in the US, starting with London Calling, and peaking with 1982's Combat Rock, reaching number 7 on the US charts and being certified 2x platinum there. The Clash's politicised lyrics, musical experimentation, and rebellious attitude had a far-reaching influence on rock, alternative rock in particular.\nHis musical experience included his membership of The 101ers, Latino Rockabilly War, The Mescaleros and The Pogues, in addition to his own solo music career. Strummer's work as a musician allowed him to explore other interests, which included acting, creating film scores for television and movies, songwriting, radio broadcasting, and a position as a radio host. Strummer is one of the iconic figures of the British punk movement.
/m/07gdw	Trier, historically called Treves in English, is a city in Germany on the banks of the Moselle. It may be the oldest city in Germany, founded in or before 16 BCE.\nTrier lies in a valley between low vine-covered hills of ruddy sandstone in the west of the state of Rhineland-Palatinate, near the border with Luxembourg and within the important Mosel wine region.\nThe city is the oldest seat of a Christian bishop north of the Alps. In the Middle Ages, the Archbishop of Trier was an important prince of the church, as the Archbishopric of Trier controlled land from the French border to the Rhine. The Archbishop also had great significance as one of the seven electors of the Holy Roman Empire.\nWith an approximate population of 105,000 Trier is ranked fourth among the state's largest cities; after Mainz, Ludwigshafen, and Koblenz. The nearest large cities in Germany are Saarbrücken, some 80 kilometres southeast, and Koblenz, about 100 km northeast. The closest city to Trier is the capital of Luxembourg, some 50 km to the southwest.
/m/01gfhk	The State of Mexico, officially the Free and Sovereign State of Mexico, is one of the 31 states which, with the Federal District, comprise the 32 federal entities of the United Mexican States. It is the most populous, as well as the densest in population. It is divided into 125 municipalities and its capital city is Toluca de Lerdo.\nThe State of Mexico is often abbreviated to \"Edomex\" from Estado de México in Spanish. It is located in South-Central Mexico. It is bordered by the states of Querétaro and Hidalgo to the north, Morelos and Guerrero to the south, Michoacán to the west, Tlaxcala and Puebla to the east and surrounds the Federal District.\nThe state’s origins are in the territory of the Aztec Empire, which remained a political division of New Spain during the colonial period. After Independence, Mexico City was chosen as the capital of the new nation; its territory was separated out of the state. Years later, parts of the state were broken off to form the states of Hidalgo, Guerrero and Morelos. These territorial separations have left the state with the size and shape it has today, with the Toluca Valley to the west of Mexico City and a panhandle that extends around the north and east of this entity.
/m/07bzp	The Doors were an American rock band formed in 1965 in Los Angeles, California, with vocalist Jim Morrison, keyboardist Ray Manzarek, drummer John Densmore and guitarist Robby Krieger. The band took its name from the title of Aldous Huxley's book The Doors of Perception, which itself was a reference to a William Blake quotation, from his famous work The Marriage of Heaven and Hell: \"If the doors of perception were cleansed, everything would appear to man as it is: infinite.\" They were among the most controversial, influential and unique rock acts of the 1960s and beyond, mostly because of Morrison's wild, poetic lyrics and charismatic but unpredictable stage persona. After Morrison's death in 1971, the remaining members continued as a trio until finally disbanding in 1973.\nThey were signed to Elektra Records in 1966. The 1967 release of The Doors was the first in a series of top ten albums in the US, followed by Strange Days, Waiting for the Sun, The Soft Parade, Morrison Hotel, Absolutely Live and L.A. Woman, with 20 Gold, 14 Platinum and 5 Multi-Platinum album awards in the United States alone. Although the Doors' active career ended in 1973, their popularity has persisted. According to the RIAA, they have sold 35.5 million certified units in the US and over 100 million albums worldwide. The band are one of the best-selling bands of all time. The Doors were the first American band to accumulate eight consecutive gold LPs.
/m/043tz0c	The Informant! is a 2009 American biographical-comedy-crime film directed by Steven Soderbergh. It depicts Mark Whitacre's involvement as a whistle blower in the lysine price-fixing conspiracy of the mid-1990s as described in the 2000 nonfiction book The Informant, by journalist Kurt Eichenwald. The script was written by Scott Z. Burns, and the film stars Matt Damon, Scott Bakula, Joel McHale and Melanie Lynskey.
/m/07vfj	The University of Rochester is a private, nonsectarian, research university in Rochester, New York, United States. The university grants undergraduate and graduate degrees, including doctoral and professional degrees. The university has six schools and various interdisciplinary programs.\nThe University of Rochester is noted for its Eastman School of Music. The university is also home to the Institute of Optics, founded in 1929, the nation's first educational program devoted exclusively to optics. Rochester's Laboratory for Laser Energetics is home to the second most energetic fusion laser in the world.\nIn its history, five university alumni, two faculty, and one senior research associate at Strong Memorial Hospital have been awarded a Nobel Prize; eight alumni and four faculty members have won a Pulitzer Prize, and 19 faculty members have been awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship. Faculty and alumni of Rochester make up nearly one-quarter of the scientists on the board advising NASA in the development of the James Webb Space Telescope, which will replace the Hubble Space Telescope as of 2011.\nThe University of Rochester, across all of its schools and campuses, enrolls approximately 5,600 undergraduates and 4,600 graduate students. Its 158 buildings house over 200 academic majors. Additionally, Rochester is the largest employer in the Greater Rochester area and the sixth largest employer in New York State.
/m/018h8j	Oldham is a large town in Greater Manchester, England. It lies amid the Pennines on elevated ground between the rivers Irk and Medlock, 5.3 miles south-southeast of Rochdale, and 6.9 miles northeast of the city of Manchester. Oldham is surrounded by several smaller towns that together form the Metropolitan Borough of Oldham, of which Oldham is the administrative centre.\nHistorically in Lancashire, and with little early history to speak of, Oldham rose to prominence during the 19th century as an international centre of textile manufacture. It was a boomtown of the Industrial Revolution, and among the first ever industrialised towns, rapidly becoming \"one of the most important centres of cotton and textile industries in England\". At its zenith, it was the most productive cotton spinning mill town in the world, producing more cotton than France and Germany combined. Oldham's textile industry began to fall into decline during the mid-20th century, and its last mill closed in 1998.\nThe demise of textile processing in Oldham depressed the local economy. Today Oldham is a predominantly residential town, and a centre for further education and the performing arts. It is, however, still distinguished architecturally by the surviving cotton mills and other buildings associated with that industry. The town's population of 103,544 lives in an area of around 26 square miles.
/m/072r5v	Apocalypto is a 2006 American epic adventure film directed and produced by Mel Gibson. It was written by Gibson and Farhad Safinia. Set in Peten, Guatemala, during the declining period of the Maya civilization, Apocalypto depicts the journey of a Mesoamerican tribesman who must escape human sacrifice and rescue his family after the capture and destruction of his village.\nThe film features a cast of Maya people, and some other people of Native American descent. As the dialogue is in the Yucatec Maya language, it is accompanied by English subtitles.\nAlthough the film was a financial success, its depictions of indigenous cultures sparked controversy.
/m/09t4t	Manufacturing is the production of merchandise for use or sale using labor and machines, tools, chemical and biological processing, or formulation. The term may refer to a range of human activity, from handicraft to high tech, but is most commonly applied to industrial production, in which raw materials are transformed into finished goods on a large scale. Such finished goods may be used for manufacturing other, more complex products, such as aircraft, household appliances or automobiles, or sold to wholesalers, who in turn sell them to retailers, who then sell them to end users – the \"consumers\".\nManufacturing takes turns under all types of economic systems. In a free market economy, manufacturing is usually directed toward the mass production of products for sale to consumers at a profit. In a collectivist economy, manufacturing is more frequently directed by the state to supply a centrally planned economy. In mixed market economies, manufacturing occurs under some degree of government regulation.\nModern manufacturing includes all intermediate processes required for the production and integration of a product's components. Some industries, such as semiconductor and steel manufacturers use the term fabrication instead.
/m/05pcr	The Ottawa Senators are a professional ice hockey team based in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. They are members of the Atlantic Division of the Eastern Conference of the National Hockey League. The Senators play their home games at the 19,153 seat Canadian Tire Centre which opened in 1996.\nFounded and established by Ottawa real estate developer Bruce Firestone, the team is the second NHL franchise to use the Ottawa Senators name. The original Ottawa Senators, founded in 1883, had a famed history, winning 11 Stanley Cups and playing in the NHL from 1917 until 1934. On December 6, 1990, after a two-year public campaign by Firestone, the NHL awarded a new franchise, which began play in the 1992–93 season. The current team owner is Eugene Melnyk, and in 2012, the club was valued by Forbes Magazine at $220 million.\nThe team has had success, qualifying for the Stanley Cup playoffs in twelve of the past fourteen seasons, four division titles, the Presidents' Trophy in 2003 and appeared in the 2007 Stanley Cup Finals. The success has been reflected in attendance. The club has averaged one of the highest attendance in the league.
/m/03pcgf	Livingston is a township in Essex County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, the township's population was 29,366, reflecting an increase of 1,975 from the 27,391 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn increased by 782 from the 26,609 counted in the 1990 Census.\nLivingston was incorporated as a township by an Act of the New Jersey Legislature on February 5, 1813, from portions of Caldwell Township and Springfield Township. Portions of the township were taken to form Fairmount and Roseland.\nThe township was named for William Livingston, the first Governor of New Jersey, with his family's coat of arms as its seal.
/m/09pnw5	The 57th Golden Globe Awards, honoring the best in film and television for 1999, were held on Sunday January 23, 2000.
/m/07vfz	The University of California, San Francisco, is a center of health sciences research, patient care, and education; located in San Francisco, California. UCSF is widely regarded as one of the world's leading universities in health sciences. Though one of the 10 campuses of the University of California, it is unique for being the only University of California campus dedicated solely to graduate education, and in health and biomedical sciences. Some of UCSF's treatment centers include kidney transplants and liver transplantation, radiology, neurosurgery, neurology, oncology, ophthalmology, gene therapy, women's health, fetal surgery, pediatrics, and internal medicine.\nFounded in 1873, the mission of UCSF is to serve as a \"public university dedicated to saving lives and improving health.\" The UCSF Medical Center is consistently ranked among the top 10 hospitals in the United States by U.S. News & World Report, who also ranked UCSF's medical school as one of the top 10 in a number of specialties, including a specialty program in AIDS medical care ranked first in the country.\nUCSF is administered separately from Hastings College of Law, another UC institution located in San Francisco. In recent years, UCSF and UC Hastings have increased their collaboration, including the formation of the UCSF/Hastings Consortium on Law, Science, and Health Policy.
/m/0c4hx0	The 37th Academy Awards honored film achievements of 1964. For the first time, an award was presented in the field of makeup. All four acting awards went to non-American actors, something not repeated until the 80th Academy Awards were awarded for 2007.\nThe Best Picture winner of 1964, director George Cukor's My Fair Lady, was about the transformative training of a rough-speaking flower girl into a lady. The musical had run for many years on the stage. Audrey Hepburn, the female lead of the film, was controversially not nominated for Best Actress. The unpopularity of her replacement of Julie Andrews - the stage actress from the original play - as well as the revelation that her singing performance was dubbed by Marni Nixon were seen as the main reasons for the snub.\nThe producer of the ceremony was MGM film producer Joe Pasternak. Bob Hope served as master of ceremonies. The awards show was star-studded with many top celebrities participating, including an appearance by Judy Garland, who sang a medley of Cole Porter songs in tribute to the composer who died in October, 1964.\nThis year marked the only time in Oscar history where 3 films got 12 or more nominations. Becket and My Fair Lady both with 12 nominations and Mary Poppins with 13. This marked the first year where the acting Oscars were all won by non-American actors.
/m/072bb1	Regina Marie \"Jenna\" Fischer is an American actress and director. She is known for her Emmy-nominated portrayal of Pam Halpert on the NBC situation comedy The Office. She has also appeared in several films, including Blades of Glory, Walk Hard: The Dewey Cox Story, The Promotion, and Hall Pass.
/m/034r25	King Arthur is a 2004 film directed by Antoine Fuqua and written by David Franzoni. It stars Clive Owen as the title character, Ioan Gruffudd as Lancelot, and Keira Knightley as Guinevere.\nThe film is unusual in reinterpreting Arthur as a Roman officer rather than a medieval knight. Despite these departures from the source material, the Welsh Mabinogion, the producers of the film attempted to market it as a more historically accurate version of the Arthurian legends, supposedly inspired by new archaeological findings. The film was shot in England, Ireland, and Wales.
/m/03l5m1	The Kingdom of Hungary between 1526 and 1867 was part of the lands of the Habsburg Monarchy, while outside the Holy Roman Empire, and formally part of its successor, the Austrian Empire. After the Battle of Mohács, the country was ruled by two crowned kings. Initially the exact territory under Habsburg rule was disputed because both rulers claimed the whole kingdom. Temporary territorial division occurred only in 1538 at Treaty of Nagyvárad, when the Habsburgs got the north and west parts of the country, with the new capital Pressburg. John I secured the eastern part of the kingdom. After 1541 the central and southern counties were effectively annexed by the Ottomans for 150 years.\nIn the early stages, the lands that were ruled by the Habsburg Hungarian kings were regarded both as \"the kingdom of Hungary\" and \"Royal Hungary\". Royal Hungary was the symbol of the continuity of formal law after the Ottoman occupation, because it could preserve its legal traditions. however in general it was de facto a Habsburg province. The Hungarian nobility forced Vienna to admit that Hungary was a special unit of the Habsburg lands and had to be ruled in conformity with her own special laws. Although, Hungarian historiography positioned Transylvania in a direct continuity with Medieval Kingdom of Hungary in pursuance of the advancement of Hungarian interests.
/m/016622	Tubular bells are musical instruments in the percussion family. Each bell is a metal tube, 30–38 mm in diameter, tuned by altering its length. Its standard range is from C4-F5, though many professional instruments reach G5. Tubular bells are often replaced by studio chimes, which are a smaller and usually less expensive instrument. Studio chimes are similar in appearance to tubular bells, but each bell has a smaller diameter than the corresponding bell on tubular bells.\nTubular bells are sometimes struck on the top edge of the tube with a rawhide- or plastic-headed hammer. Often, a sustain pedal will be attached to allow extended ringing of the bells. They can also be bowed at the bottom of the tube to produce a very loud, very high-pitched overtone.\nThe tubes used provide a purer tone than solid cylindrical chimes, such as those on a mark tree.\nChimes are often used in concert band pieces. Most composers write Chimes under the category of Percussion > Mallet Percussion. It rarely plays melody, mostly a bass that brings out some color but sometimes has some solos or solis, often very simple. ²²²
/m/05j085	This is a list of recipients of the Governor General's Award for English-language non-fiction.
/m/01g3gq	Final Destination is a 2000 American horror film directed by James Wong and the first installment of the Final Destination series. The screenplay was written by Glen Morgan, Wong and Jeffrey Reddick, based on a story by Reddick. The film stars Devon Sawa, Ali Larter, Kerr Smith and Tony Todd. Sawa portrays a teenager who \"cheats death\" after having a premonition of himself and others perishing in a plane explosion. He uses his premonition to save himself and a handful of other passengers, but is stalked by Death, which gradually takes the lives of the passengers who should have perished on the plane.\nThe film was based on a spec script written by Reddick intended for The X-Files. Wong and Morgan, The X-Files writing partners, were interested in the script and agreed to rewrite and direct a feature film, marking Wong's film directing debut. Filming took place in New York and Vancouver, with additional scenes filmed in Toronto and San Francisco. Released on March 17, 2000, Final Destination was a financial success, making $10 million on its opening weekend. The DVD release of the film, released on September 26, 2000, in the United States and Canada, includes commentaries, deleted scenes, and documentaries.
/m/012v9y	William Holden was an American actor. One of the most popular movie stars of all time, Holden was one of the biggest box office draws of the 1950s. Holden won the Academy Award for Best Actor in 1953 for his role in Stalag 17, and a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor for his role in the 1973 television film The Blue Knight.\nHolden starred in some of the most popular and critically acclaimed films of all time, including such blockbusters as Sunset Boulevard, The Bridge on the River Kwai, The Wild Bunch, The Towering Inferno, and Network. He was named one of the \"Top 10 Stars of the Year\" six times, and appeared on the American Film Institute's AFI's 100 Years…100 Stars list as number 25.
/m/0fc1_	Madison County is a county located in the U.S. state of New York. As of the 2010 census, the population was 73,442. It is named after James Madison, fourth President of the United States of America. Its county seat is Wampsville.\nMadison County is part of the Syracuse, NY Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/08cl7s	Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha is a Japanese anime television series directed by Akiyuki Shinbo, with screenplay written by Masaki Tsuzuki, and produced by Seven Arcs. It forms part of the Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha series. The Japanese Association of Independent Television Stations broadcast thirteen episodes between October and December 2004. The series is a spin-off of the Triangle Heart series and its story follows a young girl named Nanoha Takamachi who decides to help a young mage named Yūno to recover a set of twenty-one artifacts named the \"Jewel Seeds\".\nMasaki Tsuzuki adapted the series into a novel, which Megami Bunko published in August 2005. King Records has adapted several soundtracks and drama CDs from the series. A sequel to the anime series titled Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha A's produced by Seven Arcs premiered in Japan on October 2005, broadcast on Chiba TV. A film adaptation of the anime series, also by Seven Arcs, was released in theaters on January 23, 2010, accompanied by a manga series which was serialized in Megami Magazine between November 2009 and March 2011.\nGeneon Entertainment licensed the anime series for English-language dubbed release in North America at Anime Expo 2007. Due to Geneon switching distribution labels between September 2007 and July 2008, Funimation distributed the series approximately one and a half years after the announcement of the licensing. Many production-credits for the English-language dubbed release were missing.
/m/01_0f7	Kingdom of Heaven is a 2005 epic action film directed by Ridley Scott and written by William Monahan. It stars Orlando Bloom, Eva Green, Jeremy Irons, David Thewlis, Brendan Gleeson, Marton Csokas, Liam Neeson, Edward Norton, Ghassan Massoud, Khaled El Nabawy, and Alexander Siddig.\nThe story is set during the Crusades of the 12th century. A French village blacksmith goes to aid the Kingdom of Jerusalem in its defense against the Ayyubid Muslim sultan Saladin, who is battling to reclaim the city from the Christians leading to the Battle of Hattin. The film script is a heavily fictionalized portrayal of the life of Balian of Ibelin.\nFilming took place in Ouarzazate, Morocco, where Scott had previously filmed Gladiator and Black Hawk Down. Filming also took place in Spain, at the Loarre Castle, Segovia, Ávila, Palma del Río and Casa de Pilatos in Sevilla.
/m/0178rl	Sir Timothy Miles Bindon \"Tim\" Rice is a British lyricist and author. An Academy Award, Golden Globe Award, Tony Award and Grammy Award-winning lyricist, Rice is best known for his collaborations with Andrew Lloyd Webber, with whom he wrote Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat, Jesus Christ Superstar, Evita, and additional songs for the 2011 West End revival of The Wizard of Oz, and for his work for Walt Disney Studios with Alan Menken, Elton John and Ennio Morricone.\nRice was knighted by Elizabeth II for services to music. He has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, is an inductee into the Songwriter's Hall of Fame, is a Disney Legend recipient, and is a fellow of the British Academy of Songwriters, Composers and Authors.
/m/016r9z	The 1900 Summer Olympics, today officially known as the Games of the II Olympiad, was an international multi-sport event which was celebrated in 1900 in Paris, France. No opening or closing ceremonies were held; competitions began on May 14 and ended on October 28. The Games were held as part of the 1900 World's Fair. 997 competitors took part in 19 different sports. Women took part in the games for the first time and sailor Hélène de Pourtalès became the first female Olympic champion. The decision to hold competitions on a Sunday brought protests from many American athletes, who travelled as representatives of their colleges and were expected to withdraw rather than compete on their religious day of rest.\nAt the Sorbonne conference of 1895, Pierre de Coubertin proposed that the Olympic Games should take place in 1900 in Paris. The delegates to the conference were unwilling to wait five years and lobbied to hold the first games in 1896. A decision was made to hold the first Olympic Games in 1896 in Athens and that Paris would host the second celebration.\nMost of the winners in 1900 did not receive medals, but were given cups or trophies. Professionals competed in fencing and Albert Robert Ayat, who won the épée for amateurs and masters, was awarded a prize of 3000 francs.
/m/0njcw	Marquette County is a county in the Upper peninsula of the US state of Michigan. As of the 2010 census, the population was 67,077. The county seat is Marquette. Marquette County is the largest county in land area in Michigan, and the most populous county in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan.
/m/0418154	The 66th Golden Globe Awards Ceremony, honoring the best in film and television of 2008, was broadcast on January 11, 2009, from the Beverly Hilton Hotel in Beverly Hills, California, United States on the NBC TV network. The broadcast was watched by approximately 14.6 million viewers with a rating of 4.9/12. The ceremony returned in style after the previous year's ceremony was cancelled due to the Writers Guild of America strike, and all the presenters apologised to viewers during the broadcast for such.
/m/015_30	Neil Leslie Diamond is an American singer-songwriter with a career that began in the 1960s. Diamond has sold over 125 million records worldwide. He is the third most successful adult contemporary artist on the Billboard charts behind Barbra Streisand and Elton John. His songs have been covered internationally by many performers from various musical genres.\nNeil Diamond was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 1984 and into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2011. Additionally, he received the Sammy Cahn Lifetime Achievement Award in 2000 and in 2011 was an honoree at Kennedy Center. On the Hot 100 and Adult Contemporary charts, he has had ten #1 singles: \"Cracklin' Rosie\", \"Song Sung Blue\", \"Longfellow Serenade\", \"I've Been This Way Before\", \"If You Know What I Mean\", \"Desiree\", \"You Don't Bring Me Flowers\", \"America\", \"Yesterday's Songs\", \"Heartlight\" and \"I'm a Believer\". He continues to record and release new material and maintains an extensive touring schedule as well.
/m/0bw87	Katharine Houghton Hepburn was an American actress of film, stage, and television. Known for her headstrong independence and spirited personality, Hepburn was a leading lady in Hollywood for more than 60 years. She appeared in a range of genres, from screwball comedy to literary drama, and received four Academy Awards for Best Actress—a record for any performer. In 1999, Hepburn was named by the American Film Institute as the greatest female star in Hollywood history.\nRaised in Connecticut by wealthy, progressive parents, Hepburn began to act while studying at Bryn Mawr College. After four years in the theatre, favorable reviews of her work on Broadway brought her to the attention of Hollywood. Her early years in the film industry were marked with success, including an Academy Award for her third picture, Morning Glory, but this was followed by a series of commercial failures. In 1938 she was labeled \"box office poison\". Hepburn masterminded her own comeback, buying out her contract with RKO Radio Pictures and acquiring the film rights to The Philadelphia Story, which she sold on the condition that she be the star. In the 1940s she was contracted to Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, where her career focused on an alliance with Spencer Tracy. The screen-partnership spanned 25 years, and produced nine movies.
/m/0c9cp0	Al-Gharafa Sports Club is a Qatari sports club based in the Al Gharafa district of Al Rayyan. It is primarily known for its football team, although it also has teams for other sports. It was established on 6 June 1979 as Al-Ittihad and later officially incorporated into the Qatar Football Association on 23 September that same year. The club was officially renamed to its current form in 2004 to better represent the district of Al-Gharafa, which the club belongs to.\nThe idea of creating the new club that would represent Gharafat Al-Rayyan sparked from a group of young Qataris in 1978. Most notably, people like Sheikh Hamad Bin Jassim Al-Thani, Sheikh Mohammad Bin Jassim Al-Thani, and Saad Mohammad Al-Rumaihi. In a documentary produced by Al Kass sports channel about the history of the club, Sheikh Hamad Bin Jassim mentioned that the idea was suggested by Saad Al-Romaihi initially who was working as a sports journalist at Al Raya newspaper.
/m/01wb95	The Greatest Story Ever Told is a 1965 American epic film produced and directed by George Stevens and distributed by United Artists. It is a retelling of the story of Jesus Christ, from the Nativity through the Resurrection. This film is notable for its large ensemble cast and for being the last film appearance of Claude Rains.
/m/02bwc7	Mark Burnett is a British-American television producer, based in Los Angeles. Burnett is currently the executive producer of five network television series with seven hours of network programming. He has produced over 2,400 hours of television which regularly airs in over 70 countries. His current series are Survivor, The Apprentice, The Voice, Shark Tank, The Sing Off and People's Choice Awards. In 2013, TV Guide Magazine named Burnett \"Producer of the Year.\" Also, Burnett was named one of the world's most influential people by TIME Magazine. He has won five Emmy Awards, one PGA Award and five People's Choice Awards as of November 2013, and his projects have garnered a total of 98 Emmy nominations. In addition to his work as a producer, he has authored eight books.\nBurnett has worked with Jeffrey Katzenberg, Steven Spielberg, Tom Cruise, Oprah Winfrey, Dr. Phil, Christina Aguilera, Usher, Shakira, Adam Levine, Blake Shelton, Cee Lo Green, Martha Stewart, Sarah Palin, Jeff Foxworthy, Samuel L. Jackson, and Donald Trump, among others. In 2011, Burnett sold 50% of his company to the Hearst Corporation.
/m/07bz5	The Lord of the Rings is an epic high fantasy novel written by English philologist and University of Oxford professor J. R. R. Tolkien. The story began as a sequel to Tolkien's 1937 children's fantasy novel The Hobbit, but eventually developed into a much larger work. It was written in stages between 1937 and 1949, much of it during World War II. It is the second best-selling novel ever written, with over 150 million copies sold.\nThe title of the novel refers to the story's main antagonist, the Dark Lord Sauron, who had in an earlier age created the One Ring to rule the other Rings of Power as the ultimate weapon in his campaign to conquer and rule all of Middle-earth. From quiet beginnings in the Shire, a hobbit land not unlike the English countryside, the story ranges across northwest Middle-earth, following the course of the War of the Ring through the eyes of its characters, the hobbits Frodo Baggins, Samwise \"Sam\" Gamgee, Meriadoc \"Merry\" Brandybuck and Peregrin \"Pippin\" Took, but also the hobbits' chief allies and travelling companions: the Men Aragorn, a Ranger of the North and Boromir, a Captain of Gondor; Gimli, a Dwarf warrior; Legolas, an Elven prince; and Gandalf, a Wizard.
/m/027dtv3	Jack Alexander Huston is an English actor. Huston is best known for his role as Richard Harrow on Boardwalk Empire.
/m/05b_7n	Jeremy Merton Sisto is an American actor. Sisto has had recurring roles as Billy Chenowith on the HBO series Six Feet Under and Detective Cyrus Lupo on Law & Order on television and also starred in the films Jesus, Clueless and Thirteen. He currently stars in the ABC sitcom Suburgatory.
/m/03bx_5q	Norman Stiles is a television writer, born in 1942, best known for his work on the show Sesame Street from 1971 until approximately 1995. As part of the Sesame Street writing team, he received eight Daytime Emmy Awards. In 2011 he participated in the Old Jews Telling Jokes program adapted from the book by Sam Hoffman and Eric Speigelman shown in Britain on BBC Four
/m/0d63kt	Gay is a term that primarily refers to a homosexual person or the trait of being homosexual. The term was originally used to refer to feelings of being \"carefree\", \"happy\", or \"bright and showy\". The term's use as a reference to homosexuality may date as early as the late 19th century, but its use gradually increased in the 20th century. In modern English, gay has come to be used as an adjective, and as a noun, referring to the people, especially to gay males, and the practices and cultures associated with homosexuality.\nBy the end of the 20th century, the word gay was recommended by major LGBT groups and style guides to describe people attracted to members of the same sex. At about the same time, a new, pejorative use became prevalent in some parts of the world. In the Anglosphere, this connotation, among younger speakers, has a derisive meaning equivalent to rubbish or stupid. In this use, the word does not mean \"homosexual\", so it can be used, for example, to refer to an inanimate object or abstract concept of which one disapproves. This usage can also refer to weakness or unmanliness. When used in these ways, the extent to which it still retains connotations of homosexuality has been debated and harshly criticized.
/m/035qv8	The University of Strasbourg in Strasbourg, Alsace, France, is the second largest university in France, with about 43,000 students and over 4,000 researchers.\nThe present-day French university traces its history to the earlier German language Universität Straßburg, which was founded in 1631, and was divided in the 1970s into three separate institutions: Louis Pasteur University, Marc Bloch University, and Robert Schuman University. On 1 January 2009, the fusion of these three universities recreated a united University of Strasbourg, which is now amongst Europe's best in the League of European Research Universities.
/m/02qyntr	The BAFTA Award for Best Editing is one of several annual awards presented by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts. The film-voting members of the Academy select the five nominated films in each category; only the principal editor for each film are named, which excludes additional editors, supervising editors, etc. The actual winner of the Best Editing award is selected by \"Chapter Voting\"; only Academy members who are identified as members of the Editing Chapter vote on the winner. The BAFTA procedure is essentially the reverse of that of the American Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, in which members of the Editing Branch of the Academy select the nominees, but all members of the Academy vote to select the winner; see the article Academy Award for Film Editing.
/m/063yv	Psychosis refers to an abnormal condition of the mind, and is a generic psychiatric term for a mental state often described as involving a \"loss of contact with reality\". People suffering from psychosis are described as psychotic.\nPsychosis is a diagnosis of exclusion. That is, a new-onset episode of psychosis is not considered a symptom of a psychiatric disorder until other relevant and known causes of psychosis are properly excluded. Medical and biological laboratory tests should exclude central nervous system diseases and injuries, diseases and injuries of other organs, illicit substances, toxins, and prescribed medications as causes of symptoms of psychosis before any psychiatric illness can be diagnosed. In medical training, psychosis as a sign of illness is often compared to fever since both can have multiple causes that are not readily apparent.\nThe term \"psychosis\" is very broad and can mean anything from relatively normal aberrant experiences through to the complex and catatonic expressions of schizophrenia and bipolar type 1 disorder. In properly diagnosed psychiatric disorders, psychosis is a descriptive term for the hallucinations, delusions, sometimes violence, and impaired insight that may occur. Psychosis is generally given to noticeable deficits in normal behavior and more commonly to diverse types of hallucinations or delusional beliefs.
/m/02zj61	Diane Eve Warren, is an American songwriter. Her songs have received six Academy Award nominations, five Golden Globe nominations, including one win, and seven Grammy Award nominations, including one win. She was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 2001. Her success in the US has been paralleled in the UK, where she has been rated the third most successful female artist. Peter Reichardt, former Chairman of EMI Music Publishing UK, commented; \"She's the most important songwriter in the world.\"\nShe was the first songwriter in the history of Billboard to have seven hits, all by different artists, on the singles chart at the same time. Warren owns a publishing company, Realsongs, which gives her control over her compositions. Meanwhile, her songs have been featured in more than 70 films or television shows.
/m/0gxsh4	CBS Schoolbreak Special is an American anthology series for teenagers that aired on CBS from April 1980 to January 1996. The series began under the title CBS Afternoon Playhouse, and was changed during the 1984 - 85 season. The concept was very similar to ABC's Afterschool Special.
/m/05d8_h	Football Club Arsenal Kyiv was a Ukrainian professional football club based in Kiev that went bankrupt in late 2013.
/m/0ym1n	Lincoln College is one of the constituent colleges of the University of Oxford in the United Kingdom. Lincoln was founded in 1427 by Richard Fleming, then Bishop of Lincoln. It is the ninth oldest of Oxford University's colleges.\nIt is situated on Turl Street in central Oxford. As of 2012, it has an estimated financial endowment of £72.6 million.\nA number of notable alumni have attended Lincoln College including John Radcliffe, Howard Florey, Nevil Sidgwick, John Wesley, John le Carré and Dr. Seuss.
/m/01q_wyj	John William Lowery, best known by the stage name John 5, is an American guitarist. His stage name was bestowed on him in 1998 when he left David Lee Roth and joined the industrial metal group Marilyn Manson as their guitarist, taking over from Zim Zum. Still going by the name \"John 5,\" Lowery has since become the guitarist for Rob Zombie.\nHe is also a solo artist having recorded six guitar albums: Vertigo, Songs for Sanity, The Devil Knows My Name, Requiem, The Art of Malice and God Told Me To, as well as a remix album, Remixploitation. He also works as a staff writer for Chrysalis Records, working with artists such as Matt Ball, Avril Lavigne, Rob Halford, k.d. lang, Garbage, Meat Loaf, Scorpions, Ozzy Osbourne, Slash, FeFe Dobson and has written and recorded with southern rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd.
/m/02pby8	Christopher Eugene \"Chris\" O'Donnell is an American actor. He played Dick Grayson/Robin in Batman Forever and Batman & Robin, Charlie Simms in Scent of a Woman, Finn Dandridge in Grey's Anatomy, Peter Garrett in Vertical Limit, and Jack McAuliffe in The Company. O'Donnell stars as NCIS Special Agent G. Callen on the CBS crime drama television series NCIS: Los Angeles.
/m/02pcq92	Saw IV is a 2007 Canadian-American horror film and midquel to 2006's Saw III and the fourth installment of the Saw franchise. It was directed by Darren Lynn Bousman and written by newcomers Patrick Melton, Marcus Dunstan and Thomas Fenton and stars Tobin Bell, Costas Mandylor, Scott Patterson, Betsy Russell, Lyriq Bent, Justin Louis, and Donnie Wahlberg. The film was released in North America on October 26, 2007. The film's North American release date followed the series' tradition that the films be released the Friday before or on Halloween of each year.\nThe film continues the story of the Jigsaw Killer and his obsession with teaching people the \"value of their own lives\". Despite Jigsaw being killed in the last installment, the film still focuses on his ability to manipulate people into continuing his work of trapping people. The story follows Daniel Rigg being put in a series of tests in order to try and let go of his obsession of saving everyone, whilst at the same time attempting to save his partner.
/m/02x8z_	Bruce Randall Hornsby is an American singer and keyboardist known for the spontaneity and creativity of his live performances, Hornsby draws frequently from classical, jazz, bluegrass, folk, Motown, gospel, rock, blues, and jam band musical traditions with his songwriting and the seamless improvisations contained within.\nHornsby's recordings have been recognized on a number of occasions with industry awards, including the Best New Artist Grammy in 1987 with Bruce Hornsby and the Range, the Best Bluegrass Recording Grammy in 1990, and the Best Pop Instrumental Grammy in 1993.\nHornsby has also achieved recognition for his solo albums and performances, his touring band Bruce Hornsby and the Noisemakers, his bluegrass project with Ricky Skaggs and his appearances as a session- and guest-musician. He also collaborated with Grateful Dead and was a member of the band from September 1990 to March 1992, playing at over 100 shows during that period.
/m/0jtg0	The sitar is a plucked stringed instrument used mainly in Hindustani music and Indian classical music. The instrument descended from long-necked lutes taken to the Indian subcontinent from Central Asia and is also believed to be influenced by the Veena. The sitar flourished in the 16th and 17th centuries and arrived at its present form in the 18th century Mughal period. It derives its distinctive timbre and resonance from sympathetic strings, bridge design, a long hollow neck and a gourd resonating chamber.\nUsed widely throughout the Indian subcontinent, the sitar became known in the western world through the work of Ravi Shankar beginning in the late 1950s and early 1960s. The sitar saw further use in popular music after the Beatles featured the sitar in their compositions \"Norwegian Wood\", \"Within You Without You\", \"Tomorrow Never Knows\" and \"Love You To\". Their use of the instrument came as a result of George Harrison's taking lessons on how to play it from Shankar and Shambhu Das. Brian Jones of the Rolling Stones also used a sitar in \"Paint It Black\" and a brief fad began for using the instrument in pop songs.
/m/0h1k6	Duluth is a seaport city in the U.S. state of Minnesota and is the county seat of Saint Louis County. The fourth-largest city in Minnesota, Duluth had a population of 86,265 in the 2010 census. Duluth is the second-largest city on Lake Superior's shores, after Thunder Bay, Ontario in its Canadian border, and has the largest metropolitan area on the lake. The Duluth MSA had a population of 279,771 in 2010, the second-largest in Minnesota. The combined urban population of Duluth and its adjacent communities — including Proctor, Hermantown, and Superior, Wisconsin — totals over 131,000, based on 2010 census figures.\nSituated at the westernmost point of the Great Lakes on the north shore of Lake Superior, Duluth is accessible to oceangoing vessels from the Atlantic Ocean 2,300 miles away via the Great Lakes Waterway and the Saint Lawrence Seaway. Lake Superior is generally considered the largest freshwater lake in the world by surface area.\nDuluth forms a metropolitan area with Superior called the Twin Ports. The cities share the Duluth–Superior harbor and together are the Great Lakes' largest port transporting coal, iron ore, and grain. A tourist destination for the Midwest, Duluth features America's only all-freshwater aquarium, the Great Lakes Aquarium; the Aerial Lift Bridge, which spans the Duluth Ship Canal into the Duluth–Superior Harbor; and Minnesota Point, one of the world's longest freshwater baymouth bars, spanning 6 miles. The city is also the starting point for vehicle trips along Minnesota's North Shore.
/m/02v2lh	New-age music is downtempo music intended to create artistic inspiration, relaxation, and optimism. It is used by listeners for yoga, massage, meditation, and reading as a method of stress management or to create a peaceful atmosphere in their home or other environments, and is often associated with environmentalism and New Age spirituality.\nThe harmonies in new-age music are generally modal, consonant, or include a drone bass, and are often structured as variations on a theme. The melodies are sometimes recordings of nature sounds and used as an introduction to a track or throughout the piece. Pieces of up to thirty minutes are common.\nNew-age music includes both electronic forms, frequently relying on sustained synth pads or long sequencer-based runs, and acoustic forms, featuring instruments such as flutes, piano, acoustic guitar and a wide variety of non-western acoustic instruments.\nVocal arrangements were initially rare in new-age music but as it has evolved vocals have become more common, especially vocals featuring Native American, Sanskrit, or Tibetan influenced chants, or lyrics based on mythology such as Celtic legends or the realm of Faerie.
/m/0frpd5	Martand K. Venkatesh is a film editor.
/m/01hr11	The MIT Sloan School of Management is the business school of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, in Cambridge, Massachusetts, USA.\nMIT Sloan offers bachelor's, master's, and doctoral programs, as well as non-degree executive education, and has over 20,000 alumni globally. Its largest program is its full-time MBA, which is one of the most selective in the world, with students from more than 60 countries every year, and ranked #1 in more subjects than any other MBA program.\nMIT Sloan places great emphasis on innovation and invention, and many of the world's most famous management and finance theories—including the Black–Scholes model, the binomial options pricing model, the Modigliani–Miller theorem, the neoclassical growth model, the random walk hypothesis, Theory X and Theory Y, and the field of System Dynamics—were developed at the school. Several Nobel laureates in economics and John Bates Clark Medal winners have been on the faculty.\nMIT Sloan Management Review, a leading academic journal focused on the management of innovation, has been published by the school since 1959. Since 2006, the MIT Sloan Sports Analytics Conference has attracted representatives from the MLB, NBA, NFL, NHL, MLS, and Premier League.
/m/06nnj	Suriname, officially known as the Republic of Suriname, is a country on the northeastern Atlantic coast of South America. It is bordered by French Guiana to the east, Guyana to the west and Brazil to the south. Suriname was colonized by the English and the Dutch in the 17th century.\nIn 1667 it was captured by the Dutch, who governed Suriname as Dutch Guiana until 1954. At that time it was designated as one of the constituent countries of the Kingdom of the Netherlands, next to the Netherlands and the Netherlands Antilles. On 25 November 1975, the country of Suriname left the Kingdom of the Netherlands to become independent. A member of CARICOM, it is frequently considered a Caribbean country and has had frequent trade and cultural exchange with the Caribbean nations.\nAt just under 165,000 km², Suriname is the smallest sovereign state in South America. Suriname has a population of approximately 566,000, most of whom live on the country's north coast, where the capital Paramaribo is located. Suriname is a mostly Dutch-speaking country; Sranang, an English-based creole language, is a widely used lingua franca. It is the only independent entity in the Americas where Dutch is spoken.
/m/0bw8r	The Secretary of the Treasury is the head of the United States Department of the Treasury, which is concerned with financial and monetary matters, and, until 2003, also included several federal law enforcement agencies. This position in the Federal Government of the United States is analogous to the Minister of Finance in many other countries.\nThe Secretary of the Treasury is a member of the President's Cabinet, and since the Clinton Administration, has been a non-statutory member of the U.S. National Security Council. The Secretary of the Treasury, the Secretary of State, the Attorney General and the Secretary of Defense, are generally regarded as the four most important cabinet officials because of the importance of their departments. The Secretary is fifth in the United States presidential line of succession.\nThe current and 76th Secretary of the Treasury is Jacob Lew, a former White House Chief of Staff who was confirmed by the United States Senate on February 27, 2013.
/m/06wvj	Sergei Sergeyevich Prokofiev was a Russian composer, pianist and conductor who mastered numerous musical genres and is regarded as one of the major composers of the 20th century. His best-known works are the five piano concertos, nine completed piano sonatas and seven symphonies. Besides many other works, Prokofiev also composed family favourites, such as the March from The Love for Three Oranges, the suite Lieutenant Kijé, the ballet Romeo and Juliet – from which \"Dance of the Knights\" is taken – and Peter and the Wolf.\nA graduate of the St Petersburg Conservatory, Prokofiev initially made his name as an iconoclastic composer-pianist, achieving notoriety with a series of ferociously dissonant and virtuosic works for his instrument and his first two piano concertos. Prokofiev's first major success breaking out of the composer-pianist mould was with his purely orchestral Scythian Suite, compiled from music originally composed for a ballet commissioned by Sergei Diaghilev of the Ballets Russes; Diaghilev commissioned three further ballets from Prokofiev – Chout, Le pas d'acier and The Prodigal Son – which at the time of their original production were all highly successful. Prokofiev's greatest interest, however, was opera, and he composed several works in that genre, including The Gambler and The Fiery Angel. Prokofiev's one relative success in that genre during his lifetime was The Love for Three Oranges, composed for Chicago Opera and subsequently performed over the following decade in Europe and Russia.
/m/01n8_g	Shashi Kapoor, born Balbir Raj Prithviraj Kapoor on 18 March 1938 in Calcutta, is an award-winning Indian film actor and film producer. He has also been a film director and assistant director in the Hindi film industry. He is a member of the Kapoor family, a film dynasty in India's Bollywood cinema. He is the younger brother of Raj Kapoor and Shammi Kapoor, the son of Prithviraj Kapoor, the widower of Jennifer Kendal, and the father of Karan Kapoor, Kunal Kapoor, and Sanjana Kapoor. He has appeared in a large number of Hindi films as well as in a few English-language films. In 2011, he was honoured with the Padma Bhushan by the Government of India.
/m/040_t	John Hoyer Updike was an American novelist, poet, short story writer, art critic, and literary critic.\nUpdike's most famous work is his Harry \"Rabbit\" Angstrom series, which chronicles Rabbit's life over the course of several decades, from young adulthood to his death. Both Rabbit Is Rich and Rabbit At Rest received the Pulitzer Prize. Updike is one of only three authors to win the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction more than once. He published more than twenty novels and more than a dozen short story collections, as well as poetry, art criticism, literary criticism and children's books. Hundreds of his stories, reviews, and poems appeared in The New Yorker, starting in 1954. He also wrote regularly for The New York Review of Books.\nDescribing his subject as \"the American small town, Protestant middle class,\" Updike was well recognized for his careful craftsmanship, his unique prose style, and his prolificity. He wrote on average a book a year. Updike populated his fiction with characters who \"frequently experience personal turmoil and must respond to crises relating to religion, family obligations, and marital infidelity.\" His fiction is distinguished by its attention to the concerns, passions, and suffering of average Americans; its emphasis on Christian theology; and its preoccupation with sexuality and sensual detail. His work has attracted a significant amount of critical attention and praise, and he is widely considered to be one of the great American writers of his time. Updike's highly distinctive prose style features a rich, unusual, sometimes arcane vocabulary as conveyed through the eyes of \"a wry, intelligent authorial voice\" that extravagantly describes the physical world, while remaining squarely in the realist tradition. He described his style as an attempt \"to give the mundane its beautiful due.\"
/m/0c0sl	NPR, formerly National Public Radio, is a privately and publicly funded non-profit membership media organization that serves as a national syndicator to a network of 900 public radio stations in the United States.\nNPR produces and distributes news and cultural programming. Individual public radio stations are not required to broadcast all NPR programs that are produced. Most public radio stations broadcast a mixture of NPR programs, content from rival providers American Public Media, Public Radio International and Public Radio Exchange, and locally produced programs. NPR's flagships are two drive time news broadcasts, Morning Edition and the afternoon All Things Considered; both are carried by most NPR member stations, and are two of the most popular radio programs in the country.\nNPR manages the Public Radio Satellite System, which distributes NPR programs and other programming from independent producers and networks such as American Public Media and Public Radio International. Its content is also available on-demand via the web, mobile, and podcasts.
/m/0h7dd	Ginger Rogers was an American actress, dancer and singer who appeared in films, and on stage, radio, and television throughout much of the 20th century.\nDuring her long career, she made a total of 73 films, collaborating with Fred Astaire as a romantic lead actress and dancing partner in a series of ten Hollywood musical films that revolutionized the genre. She achieved great success on her own in a variety of film roles and won the Academy Award for Best Actress for her performance in Kitty Foyle. She ranks #14 on the AFI's 100 Years...100 Stars list of actress screen legends.
/m/01f07x	General Edward Lawrence Logan International Airport is an international airport located in the East Boston neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts, USA. It covers 2,384 acres, has six runways, and employs an estimated 16,000 people. The largest airport in New England, as of 2010, Logan is the 19th busiest airport in the United States, with about 13.5 million boardings a year and over 29.3 million passengers overall in 2012.\nThe airport serves as a focus city for JetBlue Airways, as well as a hub for regional airline Cape Air and for commuter airline PenAir. Delta Air Lines and US Airways also carry out many operations from the airport, and all major U.S.-based airlines fly to Boston from all or the majority of their primary and secondary hubs. It is also a destination of many major European airlines. The airport has frequent service to destinations in the United States, as well as Canada, the Caribbean, the Cape Verde islands, Europe, Mexico, Asia, and Panama.
/m/034qt_	Stephen Goosson was an Academy Award-winning American film set designer and art director.\nBorn in Grand Rapids, Michigan, Goosson was an architect in Detroit before starting his film career as art director for producer Lewis J. Selznick, and films for Fox Film Corporation such as New Movietone Follies of 1930. He eventually was hired by Columbia Pictures, where he served as supervising art director for 25 years.\nGoosson won the Academy Award for Best Art Direction for Lost Horizon. His designs for the film have been noted as excellent examples of the Streamline Moderne style that reached the height of its popularity that year. Additional credits include Mr. Deeds Goes to Town, Theodora Goes Wild, The Awful Truth, Meet John Doe, The Little Foxes, The Jolson Story, and The Lady from Shanghai.\nGoosson died of a stroke in Woodland Hills, California.
/m/0smfm	Kokomo is a city in and the county seat of Howard County, Indiana, United States. Kokomo is Indiana's 13th largest city. It is the principal city of the Kokomo, Indiana Metropolitan Statistical Area, which includes all of Howard and Tipton counties. Kokomo's population was 46,113 at the 2000 census, and 45,468 at the 2010 census. On January 1, 2012, Kokomo successfully annexed more than 7 square miles on the south and west sides of the city, including Alto and Indian Heights, increasing the city's population to nearly 57,000 people. The city of Kokomo has also, in recent years, constructed sister city relations with Dongyang, China.\nNamed for a Native American, Kokomo first benefited from the legal business associated with being the county seat. Before the Civil War, it was connected with Indianapolis and then the Eastern cities by railroad, which resulted in sustained growth. Substantial growth came after the discovery of large natural gas reserves, which produced a boom in the mid-1880s. Among the businesses which the boom attracted was the fledgling automobile industry. A significant number of technical and engineering innovations were developed in Kokomo, particularly in automobile production, and, as a result, Kokomo became known as the \"City of Firsts.\" A substantial portion of Kokomo's employment still depends on the automobile industry.
/m/027rqbx	The Baltimore–Columbia–Towson Metropolitan Statistical Area, also known as Central Maryland, is a Metropolitan Statistical Area in Maryland as defined by the United States Office of Management and Budget. As of the 2010 Census, the combined population of the seven counties is 2,710,489. The MSA has the fourth-highest median household income in the United States, at $66,970 in 2012.
/m/05wjnt	Jonathan Adam Saunders \"Jay\" Baruchel is a Canadian actor and comedian. He has had a successful career in comedy films, appearing in supporting roles in such box office successes as Million Dollar Baby, Knocked Up and Tropic Thunder, and starring in the films She's Out of My League, The Trotsky, How to Train Your Dragon, The Sorcerer's Apprentice and This Is the End.
/m/045n3p	Amjad Khan was an Indian actor and director. He worked in over 130 films in a career spanning nearly twenty years. He enjoyed popularity for his villainous roles in Hindi films, the most famous being the iconic Gabbar Singh in the 1975 classic Sholay and of Dilawar in Muqaddar Ka Sikandar.
/m/02760sl	Lisa Connor is an American soap opera writer, producer, and director. She is a writer on the ABC Daytime and The Online Network serial drama, All My Children.
/m/02rky4	The University of San Diego is a private Roman Catholic research university in San Diego, California. The university offers 40 baccalaureate degrees, and several degrees in law, masters, and doctorate programs. The university comprises seven different academic colleges.
/m/01grpc	The Fourth United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, consisting of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met at Congress Hall in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania from March 4, 1795 to March 4, 1797, during the last two years of George Washington's Presidency. The apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives was based on the First Census of the United States in 1790. The Senate had a Federalist majority, and the House had a Democratic-Republican majority.
/m/01kstn9	John Cowan Hartford was an American folk, country and bluegrass composer and musician known for his mastery of the fiddle and banjo, as well as for his witty lyrics, unique vocal style, and extensive knowledge of Mississippi River lore. Hartford performed with a variety of ensembles throughout his career, and is perhaps best known for his solo performances where he would interchange the guitar, banjo, and fiddle from song to song. He also invented his own shuffle tap dance move, and clogged on an amplified piece of plywood while he played and sang.
/m/0127gn	Vladimir Samoylovich Horowitz was a Russian-born American classical pianist and composer. His technique, use of tone color and the excitement of his playing were considered legendary. He is widely considered one of the greatest pianists of the twentieth century.
/m/01hb1t	School of Visual Arts is an art and design college located in Manhattan, New York City, and ranked 18th overall among the art graduate schools mentioned in U.S. News & World Report, with its MFA Photography, Video and Related Media program ranked the sixth MFA photography program in the country. It was established in 1947 by co-founders Silas H. Rhodes and Burne Hogarth as the Cartoonists and Illustrators School and was renamed in 1956. It offered its first degrees in 1972. SVA is a member of the Association of Independent Colleges of Art and Design, a consortium of 36 leading art schools in the United States.
/m/021q23	The International Cricket Council is the international governing body of cricket. It was founded as the Imperial Cricket Conference in 1909 by representatives from England, Australia and South Africa, renamed the International Cricket Conference in 1965, and took up its current name in 1989.\nThe ICC has 106 members: 10 Full Members that play official Test matches, 37 Associate Members, and 59 Affiliate Members. The ICC is responsible for the organisation and governance of cricket's major international tournaments, most notably the Cricket World Cup. It also appoints the umpires and referees that officiate at all sanctioned Test matches, One Day International and Twenty20 Internationals. It promulgates the ICC Code of Conduct, which sets professional standards of discipline for international cricket, and also co-ordinates action against corruption and match-fixing through its Anti-Corruption and Security Unit. The ICC does not control bilateral fixtures between member countries, it does not govern domestic cricket in member countries, and it does not make the laws of the game, which remain under the control of the Marylebone Cricket Club.
/m/03l7qs	Raith Rovers Football Club is a Scottish professional football club based in the town of Kirkcaldy, Fife. The club was founded in 1883 and currently competes in the Scottish Championship as a member of the Scottish Professional Football League, having being promoted from the Second Division as champions in 2009.\nThe club's highest ever league position came in 1922, when it finished third behind champions Celtic and runners-up Rangers in Division One. The club has won one national trophy, the Scottish League Cup in 1994 by penalty shoot-out. The club also came runners-up in 1949 as well as being losing finalists in the 1913 Scottish Cup Final. Below the top flight of Scottish football the club has won the second tier five times, coming runners-up on the same number of occasions, the last coming in 2010–11 behind rivals Dunfermline Athletic.\nAs a result of winning the League Cup in 1994, Raith Rovers qualified for the UEFA Cup the following season. The club managed to reach the second round, only to be defeated 4–1 on aggregate to eventual champions FC Bayern Munich.\nRaith's home ground is Stark's Park, a 8,473 all-seater stadium in the south of Kirkcaldy. The club has been based at the ground since 1891.
/m/036k0s	The Halifax Regional Municipality is the capital of the province of Nova Scotia, Canada. The Regional Municipality had a population of 390,096 in 2011 Canadian Census and the urban area had a population of 297,943. Halifax is the largest population centre in Atlantic Canada and largest in Canada east of Quebec City. Halifax was ranked by MoneySense magazine as the fourth best place to live in Canada for 2012, placed first on a list of \"large cities by quality of life\" and placed second in a list of \"large cities of the future\", both conducted by fDi Magazine for North and South American cities.\nHalifax is a major economic centre in eastern Canada with a large concentration of government services and private sector companies. Major employers and economic generators include the Department of National Defence, various levels of government, and the Port of Halifax. Agriculture, fishing, mining, forestry and natural gas extraction are major resource industries found in the rural areas of HRM.
/m/0cmc2	The Crimean War was a conflict in which Russia lost to an alliance of France, Britain, the Ottoman Empire, and Sardinia. While neutral, Austria played a role in stopping the Russians.\nThe immediate issue involved the rights of Christians in the Holy Land, which was controlled by the Ottoman Empire. The French promoted the rights of Catholics, while Russia promoted those of the Orthodox. The longer-term causes involved the decline of the Ottoman Empire, and the unwillingness of Britain and France to allow Russia to gain territory and power at Ottoman expense. Russia lost and the Ottomans won, gaining a twenty-year respite from Russian pressure. The Ottomans granted Christians a degree of official equality and the Orthodox gained control of Christian churches disputed by the Ottomans. Russia gained a new appreciation for its own religious diversity and launched a reform program to that effect that had far-reaching consequences. According to Shepard Clough, professor of history at Columbia University, the war:\nRussia and the Ottoman Empire went to war in October 1853 over Russia's rights to protect Orthodox Christians. Russia gained the upper hand after destroying the Ottoman fleet at the Black Sea port of Sinope; to stop Russia's conquest, France and Britain entered in March 1854. Most of the fighting took place for control of the Black Sea, with land battles on the Crimean peninsula in southern Russia. The Russians held their great fortress at Sevastopol for over a year. After it fell, peace was arranged at Paris in March 1856. The religion issue had already been resolved. The main results were that the Black Sea was neutralised—Russia would not have any warships there—and the two vassals Wallachia and Moldavia became largely independent under nominal Ottoman rule.
/m/06d5cc	The Roosevelt family is a prominent American business and political family whose members include United States Presidents Theodore Roosevelt and Franklin D. Roosevelt, as well as First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt. The Roosevelts were among the earliest to settle in the Dutch colonial settlement of New Amsterdam, in what would later become New York.
/m/09d4_	Kyoto is a city located in the central part of the island of Honshu, Japan. It has a population close to 1.5 million. Formerly the imperial capital of Japan for more than one thousand years, it is now the capital city of Kyoto Prefecture located in the Kansai region, as well as a major part of the Kyoto-Osaka-Kobe metropolitan area.
/m/027r7k	Murder by Decree is a British-Canadian thriller film involving Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson in the case of the serial murderer Jack the Ripper. As Holmes investigates London's most infamous case, he finds that the Ripper has friends in high places.\nThe film's story of the plot behind the murders is taken from the book Jack the Ripper: The Final Solution by Stephen Knight. The original script contained the names of the historical suspects, Sir William Gull, 1st Baronet and John Netley. In the actual film, they are referred to as Thomas Spivy and William Slade. This plot device was later used in other Jack The Ripper-themed films.
/m/03b78r	Kevin Jeffrey Clash is an American puppeteer and voice actor whose characters included Elmo, Clifford, and Hoots the Owl. Clash developed an interest in puppetry at an early age, and began performing for local TV children's shows in his hometown of Baltimore, Maryland by the time he was a teenager. In the early 1980s, he began working in Captain Kangaroo, and began performing in Sesame Street in 1984. He was the third puppeteer to perform Elmo, the character he became the most famous for, and became an executive producer and director for the show. Clash worked in various productions for the Muppets and Jim Henson Productions and in other projects. He resigned from Sesame Street in late 2012, after allegations of improper sexual conduct with minors, which Clash denied, stating that any relationships that occurred were between consenting adults.\nIn 2006, Clash wrote an autobiography called My Life as a Furry Red Monster. He was featured in the documentary Being Elmo: A Puppeteer's Journey in 2011.
/m/01hznh	AIK, an abbreviation for Allmänna Idrottsklubben, is a Swedish football club based at Friends Arena in Solna, a municipality in Stockholm County bordering Stockholm City Centre. The club was formed in 1891 in central Stockholm and the football department was formed in 1896.\nLeague champions in 2009, AIK are currently third in the all-time Allsvenskan table. The club holds the record for being the Swedish club with most seasons in the top flight. AIK qualified for the 1999–2000 UEFA Champions League group stage and the 2012–13 UEFA Europa League group stage. The club is affiliated with the Stockholm Football Association.
/m/0p9xd	Free jazz is an approach to jazz music that was first developed in the 1950s and 1960s. Though the music produced by free jazz composers varied widely, the common feature was a dissatisfaction with the limitations of bebop, hard bop, and modal jazz, which had developed in the 1940s and 1950s. Each in their own way, free jazz musicians attempted to alter, extend, or break down the conventions of jazz, often by discarding hitherto invariable features of jazz, such as fixed chord changes or tempos. While usually considered experimental and avant-garde, free jazz has also oppositely been conceived as an attempt to return jazz to its \"primitive\", often religious roots, and emphasis on collective improvisation.\nFree jazz is most strongly associated with the 1950s innovations of Ornette Coleman and Cecil Taylor and the later works of saxophonist John Coltrane. Other important pioneers included Charles Mingus, Eric Dolphy, Albert Ayler, Archie Shepp, Joe Maneri and Sun Ra. Although today \"free jazz\" is the generally used term, many other terms were used to describe the loosely defined movement, including \"avant-garde\", \"energy music\" and \"The New Thing\". During its early and mid-60s heyday, much free jazz was released by established labels such as Prestige, Blue Note and Impulse, as well as independents such as ESP Disk and BYG Actuel.
/m/0jymd	Laura is a 1944 American film noir directed by Otto Preminger. It stars Gene Tierney, Dana Andrews, Clifton Webb, Vincent Price and Judith Anderson. The screenplay by Jay Dratler, Samuel Hoffenstein, and Elizabeth Reinhardt is based on the 1943 novel of the same title by Vera Caspary.\nIn 1999, Laura was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant\". The American Film Institute ranked the film #73 on AFI's 100 Years...100 Thrills, the score #7 in AFI's 100 Years of Film Scores, and it was ranked the fourth best film in the mystery genre in AFI's 10 Top 10.
/m/03krjh	A financier is a person who makes their living from investments, typically involving large sums of money and usually involving private equity and venture capital, mergers and acquisitions, leveraged buyouts, corporate finance, investment banking and/or large-scale asset management. The term is French, and derives from finance or payment.\nA financier today can be someone who makes their living from investing in up and coming or established companies and businesses. A financier makes money through this process when his or her investment is paid back with interest, from part of the company's equity awarded to them as specified by the business deal, or a financier can generate income through commission, performance, and management fees.
/m/0j5m6	The Buffalo Sabres are a professional ice hockey team based in Buffalo, New York. They are members of the Atlantic Division of the Eastern Conference of the National Hockey League. The team was established in 1970, along with the Vancouver Canucks, when the league expanded to 14 teams. They have played at First Niagara Center since 1996. Prior to that the Buffalo Sabres played at the Buffalo Memorial Auditorium from the start of the franchise in 1970. The Sabres are currently owned by Terry Pegula.\nThe team has twice advanced to the Stanley Cup Finals, losing to the Philadelphia Flyers in 1975 and to the Dallas Stars in 1999. The best known line in team history is The French Connection which consisted of Gilbert Perreault, Rick Martin and René Robert. All three players have had their sweater numbers retired and a statue erected in their honor at First Niagara Center in 2012. Tim Horton, Pat LaFontaine, and Danny Gare have also had their jersey numbers retired.
/m/02ldmw	The University of North Carolina School of the Arts is a public coeducational arts conservatory in Winston-Salem, North Carolina that grants high school, undergraduate and graduate degrees. It is one of the seventeen constituent campuses of the University of North Carolina. Founded in 1963 as the North Carolina School of the Arts by then-Governor Terry Sanford, it was the first public arts conservatory in the United States. The school owns and operates the Stevens Center in Downtown Winston-Salem and is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools.
/m/059kh	New wave music is an umbrella term for several late-1970s to mid-1980s pop/rock styles with ties to 1970s punk rock. Initially – as with the later post-punk – new wave was broadly analogous to punk rock before branching as a distinctly identified genre, incorporating electronic/experimental music, mod, disco and pop. It subsequently engendered subgenres and fusions, including New Romantic and gothic rock.\nNew wave differs from other movements with ties to first-wave punk as it displays characteristics common to pop music, rather than the more \"arty\" post-punk, though it incorporates much of the original punk rock sound and ethos while arguably exhibiting greater complexity in both music and lyrics. Common characteristics of new wave music, aside from its punk influences, include the use of synthesizers and electronic productions, the importance of styling and the arts, as well as a great amount of diversity.\nNew wave is seen as one of the definitive genres of the 1980s; the genre became a fixture on MTV, and the popularity of several new wave artists has been partially attributed to the exposure that was given to them by the channel. In the mid-1980s, differences between new wave and other music genres began to blur. New wave has enjoyed resurgences since the 1990s, after a rising \"nostalgia\" for several new wave-influenced artists. The revivals in the 1990s and early 2000s were small, but became popular by 2004; subsequently, the genre has influenced a variety of other music genres.
/m/03v09	The Indo-European languages are a family of several hundred related languages and dialects. There are about 439 languages and dialects, according to the 2009 Ethnologue estimate, about half belonging to the Indo-Aryan subbranch. It includes most major current languages of Europe, the Iranian plateau, and the Indian Subcontinent, and was also predominant in ancient Anatolia. With written attestations appearing since the Bronze Age in the form of the Anatolian languages and Mycenaean Greek, the Indo-European family is significant to the field of historical linguistics as possessing the second-longest recorded history, after the Afro-Asiatic family.\nIndo-European languages are spoken by almost 3 billion native speakers, the largest number by far for any recognised language family. Of the 20 languages with the largest numbers of native speakers according to SIL Ethnologue, 12 are Indo-European: Spanish, English, Hindi, Portuguese, Bengali, Russian, German, Punjabi, Marathi, French, Urdu, and Italian, accounting for over 1.7 billion native speakers. Several disputed proposals link Indo-European to other major language families.
/m/02y21l	Sire Records is an American record label, owned by Warner Music Group and distributed by Warner Bros. Records.
/m/0tl6d	Lafayette is a city located along the Vermilion River in southwestern Louisiana. The city of Lafayette is the fourth-largest in the state, with a population of 120,623 at the 2010 census. The combined statistical area of Lafayette–Opelousas-Morgan City was 611,774 according to 2012 estimates. Lafayette is the parish seat of Lafayette Parish, Louisiana.\nThe European-American city was founded as Vermilionville in 1821 by Jean Mouton, a French-speaking man of Acadian descent. In 1884, it was renamed for General Gilbert du Motier, marquis de Lafayette, the French military hero who fought with and significantly aided the American Army during the American Revolutionary War. The city's economy was primarily based on agriculture until the 1940s, when the petroleum and natural gas industries became dominant. In recent years, health care and related services have become increasingly important.\nLafayette is considered the center of Acadiana, the area of Cajun culture in Louisiana and the United States. It developed after Acadians were relocated here following their expulsion by the British from eastern Canada in the late 18th century following the defeat of France in the Seven Years War. There is also a Louisiana Creole influence in the area. Most Creoles of color and their descendants originated to the east in New Orleans, descendants first of French colonists and African slaves, then a third class of free people of color, French speaking and Catholic. The Creole and Cajun cuisines are among the most famous regional cuisines of the United States.
/m/01wqmm8	Ashanti Shequoiya Douglas is an American recording artist, record producer, dancer, and actress. Ashanti is most famous for her eponymous debut album, which featured the hit song \"Foolish\", and sold over 503,000 copies in its first week of release throughout the U.S. in April 2002. The album set a Soundscan record as the biggest opening week sales for a new female artist, outselling debuts by Alicia Keys and Lauryn Hill. In the same week, she became the first female performer to simultaneously hold the top two places on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart with \"Foolish\", and \"What's Luv?\". Ashanti broke records again by having three top ten songs, \"Foolish,\" \"What's Luv?\" and \"Always on Time\", on the Billboard Hot 100 charts in the same week, being the first woman to accomplish this feat and being second only to the Beatles. In 2003, the self-titled debut album won Ashanti her first Grammy Award for Best Contemporary R&B album. As of 2008, Ashanti has sold over 15 million records worldwide. Ashanti ended the decade as the third top new R&B artist behind Alicia Keys and Beyoncé. She also ended the decade at number 38 on the Top Artist of the Decade list. She is currently on the list of The Twenty Best Selling Music Singles Since 1990 for her single Foolish for selling 7.2 million copies to-date.
/m/06rrzn	Don Black, OBE is an English lyricist. His works have included numerous musicals, movie themes and hit songs. He has provided lyrics for John Barry, Charles Strouse, Andrew Lloyd Webber, Quincy Jones, Lulu, Jule Styne, Henry Mancini, Michael Jackson, Elmer Bernstein, Michel Legrand, Hayley Westenra, A. R. Rahman, Marvin Hamlisch and Debbie Wiseman.\nAllmusic stated that \"Black is perhaps best-known for his collaborations with Andrew Lloyd Webber, and for the James Bond theme songs he co-wrote with composer John Barry: \"Thunderball\", \"Diamonds Are Forever\" and \"The Man with the Golden Gun\".\"
/m/040_9	Joseph Conrad was a Polish author who wrote in English after settling in England. He was granted British nationality in 1886, but always considered himself a Pole. Conrad is regarded as one of the greatest novelists in English, though he did not speak the language fluently until he was in his twenties. He wrote stories and novels, often with a nautical setting, that depict trials of the human spirit in the midst of an indifferent universe. He was a master prose stylist who brought a distinctly non-English tragic sensibility into English literature.\nWhile some of his works have a strain of romanticism, his works are viewed as modernist literature. His narrative style and anti-heroic characters have influenced many authors, including D. H. Lawrence, F. Scott Fitzgerald, William Faulkner, Ernest Hemingway, George Orwell, Graham Greene, Malcolm Lowry, William Golding, William S. Burroughs, Joseph Heller, Italo Calvino, Gabriel García Márquez, J. G. Ballard, John le Carré, V. S. Naipaul, Philip Roth, Hunter S. Thompson, J. M. Coetzee and Salman Rushdie.
/m/015gjr	Marcello Vincenzo Domenico Mastroianni, Knight Grand Cross was an Italian film actor. His prominent films include La Dolce Vita; 8½; La Notte; Divorce, Italian Style; Yesterday, Today and Tomorrow; Marriage Italian-Style; A Special Day; City of Women; Henry IV; Dark Eyes; and Stanno tutti bene. His honours included British Film Academy Awards, Best Actor awards at the Cannes Film Festival and two Golden Globe Awards.
/m/04rcl7	Walt Disney Animation Studios, headquartered in Burbank, California, is an American animation studio which creates animated feature films, short films, and television specials for The Walt Disney Company. Founded on October 16, 1923, it is a unit of The Walt Disney Studios. The studio has produced 53 feature films, beginning with Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, and its most recent being Frozen.\nOriginally founded as Disney Brothers Cartoon Studio and later incorporated as Walt Disney Productions in 1929, the studio was exclusively dedicated to production of short films until expanding into feature production in 1934. During The Walt Disney Company's corporate restructuring in 1986, the studio officially started operating under the name Walt Disney Feature Animation. It took on its current name in 2006, when it was folded under The Walt Disney Studios alongside Pixar Animation Studios, which was acquired by Disney in the same year.\nFor much of its existence, the studio was recognized as the premier American animation studio and developed many of the techniques which became standard practices of traditional animation. The studio's catalog of animated features are among Disney's most notable assets, and the stars of its animated shorts—Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck, Goofy, and Pluto—have gone on to become recognizable figures in popular culture, as well as becoming mascots for The Walt Disney Company as a whole.
/m/01f69m	Ragtime is a 1981 American drama film, directed by Miloš Forman, based on 1975 historical novel Ragtime by E. L. Doctorow. The action takes place in and around New York City, New Rochelle, and Atlantic City in the 1900s, including fictionalized references to actual people and events of the time. The film features the final film appearances of James Cagney and Pat O'Brien; and early appearances, in small parts, by Samuel L. Jackson, Jeff Daniels, Fran Drescher and John Ratzenberger. This was the first feature score composed by Randy Newman. The film was nominated for eight Oscars.
/m/06mvyf	The Cleveland Institute of Music is an independent, international music conservatory located in the University Circle district of Cleveland, Ohio, United States. It is led by President Joel Smirnoff. Adrian Daly serves as dean for the conservatory and Sandra Shapiro is dean of the preparatory/continuing education division.\nThe Institute was founded in 1920, with the composer Ernest Bloch as director. There are now more than 400 conservatory students and 1500 preparatory and continuing education students. Approximately 1,100 people apply for 150 undergraduate and graduate openings each year, of which 60-70 are freshmen.\nMore than half of the members of The Cleveland Orchestra are connected to the Cleveland Institute of Music as members of the faculty, alumni or both. Through a cooperative arrangement with Case Western Reserve University, CIM students have full access to university courses and facilities. They can pursue a degree both at CIM and Case Western Reserve if they are accepted to both institutions.\nCIM has a retention rate of 95 - 100%, but this has dropped in recent years due to the departure of multiple notable faculty. CIM students are generally successful at gaining admission to graduate school primarily in the strings department. Each year, students are accepted at notable schools such as the Juilliard School, Eastman School of Music, and Rice University. Other students have accepted positions with the various orchestras in the United States and internationally.²
/m/0c5_3	Coventry is a city and metropolitan borough in the county of West Midlands in England. Historically part of Warwickshire, Coventry is the 9th-largest city in England and the 12th-largest UK city overall. It is also the second largest city in the West Midlands region, after Birmingham, with a population of 316,900 at the 2011 UK census.\nCoventry is situated 95 miles northwest of central London, 19 miles east-southeast of Birmingham, 24 miles southwest of Leicester and 10 miles north of the county town of Warwick. It is further from the coast than any other city in Britain. Although harbouring a population of almost a third-of-a-million inhabitants, Coventry is not amongst the English Core Cities Group due to its proximity to Birmingham. Approximately half-a-million people live within 10 miles of Coventry city centre.\nCoventry was the world's first twin city, when it formed a twinning relationship with the Russian city of Stalingrad during World War II. The relationship developed through ordinary people in Coventry who wanted to show their support for the Soviet Red Army during the Battle of Stalingrad. The city is now also twinned with Dresden, Lidice, Saint-Étienne and 22 other cities around the world. A part of the City Centre at the entrance to the lower shopping precinct was named Lidice Place.
/m/07nvmx	Vincenzo \"Vince\" Grella is an Australian former footballer who played as a midfielder. Grella began his senior career in Australia before moving to Italy, where he spent over ten years, playing for Empoli, Ternana, Parma and Torino. He moved to Blackburn Rovers of the English Premier League in 2008 where he spent four seasons, before returning to Australia in 2012 to play for Melbourne Heart.\nHe retired from professional football in January 2013, after a long-standing struggle with injuries. Grella represented the Australian national team on 46 occasions, and played at the 2006 and 2010 World Cups. His 2010 FIFA World Cup profile describes him as a possessing the \"ability to mop up loose balls and halt opposition counter-attacks.\"
/m/021p26	Fudbalski klub Partizan Beograd, commonly known as Partizan Belgrade or simply Partizan, is a professional football club based in Belgrade, Serbia. It forms a major part of the Partizan Sports Association. The club plays in the Serbian SuperLiga and has spent it's entire history in the top tier of Yugoslav and Serbian football. It is the second most successful club in Serbia, having won a total of thirty-nine trophies, including twenty-five national championships, twelve national cups, one national super-cup as well as one Mitropa Cup, and finished the Yugoslav league all-time table as 2nd.\nPartizan was founded by young high officers of the Yugoslav People's Army in 1945, as part of the Yugoslav Sports Association Partizan. Their home ground is the Partizan Stadium in Belgrade, where they have played since 1949. Partizan holds records such as playing in the first European Champions Cup match in 1955, as well as becoming the first Balkan and Eastern European football club to reach the European Champions Cup final, when it did so in 1966.\nThe club has a long-standing rivalry with Red Star Belgrade. Matches between these two clubs are known as the eternal derby and rate as one of the greatest cross-town clashes in the world. In September 2009, the British newspaper Daily Mail ranked the Red Star-Partizan derby 4th among the ten greatest football rivalries of all time. FK Partizan is the second most popular football club in Serbia. The club is also very popular in Montenegro and Bosnia and Herzegovina, especially in the Bosnian Serb entity of Republika Srpska. Partizan also have many supporters in all the other former-Yugoslav republics and in the Serbian and Yugoslav diasporas.
/m/04kf4	Leipzig is a city in the federal state of Saxony, Germany. It has around 540,000 inhabitants and is the heart of the Central German Metropolitan Region. Leipzig is located about 150 kilometres south of Berlin at the confluence of the White Elster, Pleisse, and Parthe rivers at the southerly end of the North German Plain.\nLeipzig has been a trade city, since, at least the time of the Holy Roman Empire, sitting at the intersection of the Via Regia and Via Imperii, two important Medieval trade routes. At one time, Leipzig was one of the major European centers of learning and culture in fields such as music and publishing. After World War II, Leipzig became a major urban center within the German Democratic Republic, but its cultural and economic importance declined, despite East Germany being the richest economy in the Soviet Bloc.\nLeipzig later played a significant role in instigating the fall of communism in Eastern Europe, through events which took place in and around St. Nicholas Church. Since the reunification of Germany, Leipzig has undergone significant change with the restoration of some historical buildings, the demolition of others, and the development of a modern transport infrastructure. Leipzig today is an economic center in Germany and has a prominent opera house and one of the most modern zoos in Europe. Leipzig is nicknamed as the \"Boomtown of eastern Germany\" or \"Hypezig\".
/m/04h1rz	The Ninety-first United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, composed of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, DC from January 3, 1969 to January 3, 1971, during the first two years of the first administration of U.S. President Richard Nixon.\nThe apportionment of seats in this House of Representatives was based on the Eighteenth Census of the United States in 1960. Both chambers had a Democratic majority.
/m/05r6t	Punk rock was a rock music genre that developed between 1974 and 1976 in the United Kingdom, United States, and Australia. Rooted in garage rock and other forms of what is now known as protopunk music, punk rock bands eschewed perceived excesses of mainstream 1970s rock. Punk bands created fast, hard-edged music, typically with short songs, stripped-down instrumentation, and often political, anti-establishment lyrics. Punk embraces a DIY ethic; many bands self-produced recordings and distributed them through informal channels.\nThe term \"punk\" was first used in relation to rock music by some American critics in the early 1970s, to describe garage bands and their devotees. By late 1976, bands such as the Sex Pistols, The Clash and The Damned in London, and Television and the Ramones in New York City were recognized as the vanguard of a new musical movement. The following year saw punk rock spreading around the world, and it became a major cultural phenomenon in the United Kingdom. For the most part, punk took root in local scenes that tended to reject association with the mainstream. An associated punk subculture emerged, expressing youthful rebellion and characterized by distinctive styles of clothing and adornment and a variety of anti-authoritarian ideologies.
/m/05ls3r	1. FC Magdeburg is a German association football club playing in Magdeburg, Saxony-Anhalt.
/m/014vk4	Condoleezza Rice is an American political scientist and diplomat. She served as the 66th United States Secretary of State, and was the second person to hold that office in the administration of President George W. Bush. Rice was the first female African-American secretary of state, as well as the second African American secretary of state, and the second female secretary of state. Rice was President Bush's National Security Advisor during his first term, making her the first woman to serve in that position. Before joining the Bush administration, she was a professor of political science at Stanford University where she served as Provost from 1993 to 1999. Rice also served on the National Security Council as the Soviet and Eastern Europe Affairs Advisor to President George H.W. Bush during the dissolution of the Soviet Union and German reunification.\nFollowing her confirmation as Secretary of State, Rice pioneered the policy of Transformational Diplomacy directed toward expanding the number of responsible democratic governments in the world and especially in the Greater Middle East. That policy faced challenges as Hamas captured a popular majority in Palestinian elections, and influential countries including Saudi Arabia and Egypt maintained authoritarian systems with U.S. support. She has logged more miles traveling than any other Secretary of State. While in the position, she chaired the Millennium Challenge Corporation's board of directors.
/m/0kb07	Hold Back the Dawn is a 1941 romantic film in which a Romanian gigolo marries an American woman in Mexico in order to gain entry to the United States, but winds up falling in love with her. It stars Charles Boyer, Olivia de Havilland, Paulette Goddard, Victor Francen, Walter Abel, Curt Bois and Rosemary DeCamp.\nThe movie was adapted by Charles Brackett and Billy Wilder from the book by Ketti Frings. It was directed by Mitchell Leisen.\nIt was nominated for Academy Awards for Best Picture, Best Actress in a Leading Role, Best Writing, Screenplay, Best Art Direction-Interior Decoration, Black-and-White, Best Cinematography, Black-and-White, and Best Music, Scoring of a Dramatic Picture.
/m/05qw5	Patricia Lee \"Patti\" Smith is an American singer-songwriter, poet and visual artist, who became a highly influential component of the New York City punk rock movement with her 1975 debut album Horses.\nCalled the \"Godmother of Punk\", her work is a fusion of rock and poetry. Smith's most widely known song is \"Because the Night\", which was co-written with Bruce Springsteen and reached number 13 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart in 1978. In 2005, Patti Smith was named a Commander of the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres by the French Ministry of Culture, and in 2007, she was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. On November 17, 2010, she won the National Book Award for her memoir Just Kids. She is also a recipient of the 2011 Polar Music Prize.
/m/0jym0	The Last Picture Show is a 1971 American drama film directed by Peter Bogdanovich, adapted from a semi-autobiographical 1966 novel of the same name by Larry McMurtry.\nSet in a small town in north Texas during the year November 1951 – October 1952, it is about the coming of age of Sonny Crawford and his friend Duane Jackson. The cast includes Cybill Shepherd in her film debut, Ben Johnson, Eileen Brennan, Ellen Burstyn, Cloris Leachman, Clu Gulager, Randy Quaid in his film debut, and John Hillerman. For aesthetic and technical reasons it was shot in black and white, which was unusual for its time.\nThe film was nominated for eight Academy Awards, including Best Picture, Best Director, and four nominations for acting: Ben Johnson and Jeff Bridges for Best Supporting Actor, and Ellen Burstyn and Cloris Leachman for Best Supporting Actress, with Johnson and Leachman winning.
/m/01k31p	Peng Dehuai was a prominent Chinese Communist military leader, and served as China's Defense Minister from 1954 to 1959. Peng was born into a poor peasant family, and received several years of primary education before his family's poverty forced him to suspend his education at the age of ten, and to work for several years as a manual laborer. When he was sixteen, Peng became a professional soldier. Over the next ten years Peng served in the armies of several Hunan-based warlord armies, raising himself from the rank of private second class to major. In 1926 Peng's forces joined the Kuomintang, and Peng was first introduced to communism. Peng participated in the Northern Expedition, and supported Wang Jingwei's attempt to form a left-leaning Kuomintang government based in Wuhan. After Wang was defeated, Peng briefly rejoined Chiang Kai-shek's forces before joining the Chinese Communist Party, allying himself with Mao Zedong and Zhu De.\nPeng was one of the most senior generals who defended the Jiangxi Soviet from Chiang's attempts to capture it, and his successes were rivaled only by Lin Biao. Peng participated in the Long March, and supported Mao Zedong at the Zunyi Conference, which was critical to Mao's rise to power. During the 1937–1945 Second Sino-Japanese War, Peng was one of the strongest supporters of pursuing a ceasefire with the Kuomintang in order to concentrate China's collective resources on resisting the Japanese Empire. Peng was the senior commander in the combined Kuomintang-Communist efforts to resist the Japanese occupation of Shanxi in 1937; and, by 1938, was in command of 2/3 of the Eighth Route Army. In 1940, Peng conducted the Hundred Regiments Offensive, a massive Communist effort to disrupt Japanese logistical networks across northern China. The Hundred Regiments Offensive was modestly successful, but political disputes within the Communist Party led to Peng being recalled to Yan'an, and he spent the rest of the war without an active command. After the Japanese surrendered, in 1945, Peng was given command of Communist forces in Northwest China. He was the most senior commander responsible for defending the Communist leadership in Shaanxi from Kuomintang forces, saving Mao from being captured at least once. Peng eventually defeated the Kuomintang in Northwest China, captured huge amounts of military supplies, and actively incorporated the huge area, including Xinjiang, into the People's Republic of China.
/m/01d8wq	Southend-on-Sea is a unitary authority area, town, and seaside resort in Essex, England. The district has Borough status, and comprises the towns of Chalkwell, Eastwood, Leigh-on-Sea, North Shoebury, Prittlewell, Shoeburyness, Southchurch, Thorpe Bay, and Westcliff-on-Sea. The district is situated within the Thames Gateway on the north side of the Thames estuary 40 mi east of central London. It is bordered to the north by Rochford and to the west by Castle Point. It is home to the longest leisure pier in the world, Southend Pier. London Southend Airport is located 1.5 NM north of the town centre.
/m/0kvsb	Mira Nair is an Indian film director, actor and producer based in New York. Her production company is Mirabai Films.\nShe was educated at the prestigious Miranda House of Delhi University and then at Harvard University. Her debut feature film, Salaam Bombay!, won the Golden Camera award at the Cannes Film Festival and was a nominee for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film. She used the proceeds of the film to establish an organisation for street children, called the Salaam Baalak Trust in India. She often works with longtime creative collaborator screenwriter Sooni Taraporevala, whom she met at Harvard.\nShe has won a number of awards, including a National Film Award and various international film festival awards, and was a nominee at the Academy Awards, Golden Globes, BAFTA Awards and Filmfare Awards. She was also awarded the India Abroad Person of the Year-2007. In 2012 she was awarded India's third highest civilian award the Padma Bhushan by President of India, Pratibha Patil.\nHer most recent films include Vanity Fair with Reese Witherspoon, The Namesake and Amelia.
/m/016z9n	Nixon is a 1995 American biographical film directed by Oliver Stone for Cinergi Pictures that tells the story of the political and personal life of former US President Richard Nixon, played by Anthony Hopkins.\nThe film portrays Nixon as a complex and, in many respects, admirable, though deeply flawed, person. Nixon begins with a disclaimer that the film is \"an attempt to understand the truth [...] based on numerous public sources and on an incomplete historical record.\"\nThe cast includes Joan Allen, Annabeth Gish, Powers Boothe, J. T. Walsh, E. G. Marshall, James Woods, Paul Sorvino, Bob Hoskins, Larry Hagman, and David Hyde Pierce, plus cameos by Ed Harris, Joanna Going, and political figures such as former President Bill Clinton in TV footage from the Nixon funeral service.\nThis was Stone's second of three films about the American presidency, made four years after JFK about the assassination of John F. Kennedy and followed thirteen years later by W., the story of George W. Bush.
/m/021q2j	New York University Polytechnic School of Engineering is one of the 18 schools and colleges that comprise New York University. Founded in 1854, the school is the second oldest private engineering and technology school in the United States. Curriculum is based on a European polytechnic university model emphasizing instruction of technical arts and applied sciences. The school's main campus is centrally located in MetroTech Center, an urban university-industry science and technology park.
/m/02rsz0	Warren Girard Ellis is an English author of comics, novels, and television, who is well known for sociocultural commentary, both through his online presence and through his writing, which covers transhumanist themes. He is a resident of Southend-on-Sea, England.
/m/0863x_	Judah Friedlander is an American actor and comedian, known for playing the role of writer Frank Rossitano on the NBC sitcom 30 Rock. Friedlander is also known for his role as Toby Radloff in the film American Splendor, a role garnered him favorable reviews and a nomination for best supporting actor at the 2004 Independent Spirit Awards. Earlier in his career he was recognized as \"the hug guy\" from the music video for the 2001 Dave Matthews Band single \"Everyday\".\nFriedlander is known for his distinctive look, which includes oversized glasses, shaggy hair, a t-shirt and trucker hat — often emblazoned with bombastic slogans such as \"World Champion\" — and a generally unkempt appearance. It is a look he maintains as a stand-up comedian, during most of his public appearances, and which he has employed in some of his acting roles.
/m/0582cf	Dee Bradley Baker is an American voice actor and singer. He has voiced Klaus Heissler in American Dad!, Pierre Parrot in Talking Friends. Waddles in Gravity Falls, Perry the Platypus in Phineas and Ferb, with various male characters in SpongeBob SquarePants and Nightcrawler in X-Men: Legends and Marvel: Ultimate Alliance. His voice-work also includes Avatar: The Last Airbender, The Legend of Korra, Codename: Kids Next Door, Cow and Chicken, Adventure Time with Finn and Jake, Batman: Arkham City, the Ben 10 franchise, Star Wars: The Clone Wars, Halo, Gears of War, Portal 2 and Left 4 Dead 2.
/m/01qf54	Interplay Entertainment Corporation is an American video game developer and publisher, founded in 1983 as Interplay Productions by Brian Fargo. Interplay is possibly best known as the creator of Wasteland and the original Fallout series, and as the publisher of Planescape: Torment and the Baldur's Gate, Descent and Icewind Dale series.\nBy the turn of the millenium, Interplay, having experienced financial losses for several years, sold a controlling amount of Interplay stock to Titus Software to keep the company from bankruptcy, but the losses continued to increase. Fargo left to found the small company inXile Entertainment and Herve Caen took over to perform triage, selling Shiny Entertainment and several game properties, and closing Interplay's in-house development studios such as Black Isle Studios and BlueSky Software. Interplay was brought to bankruptcy count in 2006 and sold Fallout IP to Bethesda Softworks, which was followed by a lenghty lawsuit over the rights to the franchise.
/m/026p_bs	The Prize is a 1963 spy film starring Paul Newman, Elke Sommer and Edward G. Robinson. It was directed by Mark Robson, produced by Pandro S. Berman and adapted for the screen by Ernest Lehman from the novel of the same name by Irving Wallace. It also features an early score by prolific composer Jerry Goldsmith.
/m/0521rl1	Matt Servitto is an American actor, known for his role on The Sopranos as FBI agent Dwight Harris. Servitto won a Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series for his work on The Sopranos.He also appeared on all 3 seasons of the Peabody Award-winning series Brotherhood as Rep. Donatello and had a guest appearance on Sex and the City as Carrie Bradshaw's editor. He also voiced the character of Sam in the 2002 video game, Mafia: The City of Lost Heaven.\nHe is a graduate of The Juilliard School in New York City.\nSince 2012 he has been a series regular on the original Cinemax series \"Banshee\" where he plays Deputy Brock Lotus and on the Adult Swim television series Your Pretty Face is Going to Hell where he plays Satan.
/m/0crs0b8	Brighton Rock is a 2010 British crime film loosely based on Graham Greene's 1938 novel of the same name. Rowan Joffé wrote the screenplay and directed the film, which stars Sam Riley, Andrea Riseborough, Andy Serkis, John Hurt, Sean Harris and Helen Mirren.\nThe novel was previously made into a film in 1947 by the Boulting brothers under the same title. Although the novel and original film are both set in the 1930s, the 21st century adaptation takes place in Brighton and is set during the Mods and Rockers era of the 1960s.\nRiley plays \"Pinkie\", the role originally played by Richard Attenborough. It was largely filmed in the nearby town of Eastbourne, with Eastbourne Pier standing in for Brighton Pier, and at Beachy Head. Some scenes were shot at Hedsor House in Buckinghamshire and in Brighton itself.
/m/05gd9	Nationalism is a belief, creed or political ideology that involves an individual identifying with, or becoming attached to, one's nation. Nationalism involves national identity, by contrast with the related construct of patriotism, which involves the social conditioning and personal behaviors that support a state's decisions and actions.\nFrom a psychological perspective, nationalism is distinct from other types of attachment, for example, attachment to a religion or a romantic partner. The desire for interpersonal attachment, or the need to belong, is one of the most fundamental human motivations. Like any attachment, nationalism can become dysfunctional if excessively applied.\nFrom a political or sociological perspective, there are two main perspectives on the origins and basis of nationalism. One is the primordialist perspective that describes nationalism as a reflection of the ancient and perceived evolutionary tendency of humans to organize into distinct groupings based on an affinity of birth. The other is the modernist perspective that describes nationalism as a recent phenomenon that requires the structural conditions of modern society in order to exist.
/m/085bd1	Alice in Wonderland is a television film first broadcast in 1999 on NBC and then shown on British television on Channel 4. It is based upon Lewis Carroll's books Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and Through the Looking-Glass.\nTina Majorino played the lead role of Alice, and a number of well-known performers portrayed the eccentric characters whom Alice meets during the course of the story, including Ben Kingsley, Ken Dodd, Martin Short, Whoopi Goldberg, Peter Ustinov, Christopher Lloyd, Gene Wilder, and Miranda Richardson.\nThe film won four Emmy Awards in the categories of costume design, makeup, music composition, and visual effects.\nThe film was re-released as a special edition DVD on March 2, 2010, featuring an additional five minutes of footage.
/m/03c3yf	Little Feat is an American rock band formed by singer-songwriter, lead vocalist and guitarist Lowell George and keyboardist Bill Payne in 1969 in Los Angeles.\nAlthough the band has undergone several changes in its lineup, the music remains an eclectic blend of rock and roll, blues, R&B, boogie, country, folk, gospel, soul, funk and jazz fusion influences.\nGuitarist Jimmy Page stated Little Feat was his favorite American band in a 1975 Rolling Stone interview.
/m/0gfq9	The Boxer Rebellion, Boxer Uprising or Yihetuan Movement was a violent anti-foreign and anti-Christian movement which took place in China towards the end of the Qing dynasty between 1898 and 1900. It was initiated by the Militia United in Righteousness, known in English as the \"Boxers\", and was motivated by proto-nationalist sentiments and opposition to foreign imperialism and Christianity. The Great Powers intervened and defeated Chinese forces.\nThe uprising took place against a background of severe drought and the disruption caused by the growth of foreign spheres of influence. After several months of growing violence against foreign and Christian presence in Shandong and the North China plain, in June 1900 Boxer fighters, convinced they were invulnerable to foreign weapons, converged on Beijing with the slogan \"Support the Qing, exterminate the foreigners.\" Foreigners and Chinese Christians sought refuge in the Legation Quarter. In response to reports of an armed invasion to lift the siege, the initially hesitant Empress Dowager Cixi supported the Boxers and on June 21 authorized war on foreign powers. Diplomats, foreign civilians and soldiers, and Chinese Christians in the Legation Quarter were under siege by the Imperial Army of China and the Boxers for 55 days. Chinese officialdom was split between those supporting the Boxers and those favoring conciliation, led by Prince Qing. The supreme commander of the Chinese forces, Ronglu, later claimed that he acted to protect the besieged foreigners. The Eight-Nation Alliance, after being initially turned back, brought 20,000 armed troops to China, defeated the Imperial Army, and captured Beijing on August 14, lifting the siege of the Legations. Uncontrolled plunder of the capital and the surrounding countryside ensued, along with the summary execution of those suspected of being Boxers.
/m/05pq3_	The Age of Enlightenment came to Spain in the eighteenth century with a new Bourbon dynasty after the decay of the Spanish economy, bureaucracy, and empire in the latter years of the former Habsburg dynasty. This period of reform and 'enlightened despotism' focused on modernising the Spanish government, infrastructure, and institutions, culminating in the rule of King Charles III and the work of his minister, José Moñino, count of Floridablanca. Otherwise there was little Enlightenment and by the 1770s the reactionaries were back.\nThe century began with the War of the Spanish Succession over the ascension of a relation of Louis XIV of France to the throne of Spain and ended with the Napoleonic Wars in which Spain would become a bloody battleground. Charles III's successors, fraught by war, foreign intervention, unrest in the empire, corruption, and the pain of reform, would face an increasingly restive and unstable Spain, the painful consequences of which would become the civil wars that dominated Spain in the nineteenth century.
/m/06n6p	Social science is an academic discipline concerned with society and the relationships among individuals within a society. It includes anthropology, economics, political science, psychology and sociology. In a wider sense, it may often include some fields in the humanities such as archaeology, history, law, and linguistics. The term may however be used in the specific context of referring to the original science of society, established in 19th century, sociology. Émile Durkheim, Karl Marx and Max Weber are typically cited as the principal architects of modern social science by this definition.\nPositivist social scientists use methods resembling those of the natural sciences as tools for understanding society, and so define science in its stricter modern sense. Interpretivist social scientists, by contrast, may use social critique or symbolic interpretation rather than constructing empirically falsifiable theories, and thus treat science in its broader sense. In modern academic practice, researchers are often eclectic, using multiple methodologies. The term social research has also acquired a degree of autonomy as practitioners from various disciplines share in its aims and methods.
/m/047gn4y	Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time is a 2010 American fantasy adventure film written by Jordan Mechner, Boaz Yakin, Doug Miro, and Carlo Bernard; directed by Mike Newell; produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and released by Walt Disney Pictures. The film is a retelling of the 2003 video game of the same name, developed and released by Ubisoft Montreal.\nThe film stars Jake Gyllenhaal as Prince Dastan, Gemma Arterton as Princess Tamina, Ben Kingsley as Nizam, and Alfred Molina as Sheik Amar.\nThe film has the same title as the video game Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time, and is primarily based on it. Elements from Prince of Persia: Warrior Within and Prince of Persia: The Two Thrones, the two other titles from the Sands of Time trilogy of the Prince of Persia video game franchise, are also incorporated. The film received mixed reviews from critics and failed at the box office domestically, but it became the highest-grossing film based on a video game.
/m/03h3vtz	Kevin Michael McHale is an American actor, dancer, and singer. Formerly of the boy band NLT, McHale is known for his role as Artie Abrams on the Fox television series Glee.
/m/02301	The City College of the City University of New York is a senior college of the City University of New York in New York City. It is the oldest of City University's twenty-three institutions of higher learning. City College's thirty-five acre Manhattan campus along Convent Avenue from 130th Street to 141st Street is on a hill overlooking Harlem; its neo-Gothic campus was mostly designed by George Browne Post, and many of its buildings are landmarks.\nCCNY was the first free public institution of higher education in the United States and is considered the flagship campus of the CUNY public university system.
/m/0grjmv	Psychedelic pop is a psychedelic musical style inspired by the sounds of psychedelic folk and psychedelic rock, but applied to a pop music setting. It reached its peak during the late 1960s, declining rapidly in the early 1970s.
/m/0c630	Catania is an Italian city on the east coast of Sicily facing the Ionian Sea, between Messina and Syracuse. It is the capital of the Province of Catania, and is the second-largest city in Sicily and the tenth in Italy.\nCatania is known for its seismic history, having been destroyed by a catastrophic earthquake in 1169, another in 1693, and several volcanic eruptions from the neighboring Mount Etna volcano, the most violent of which was in 1669.\nCatania has had a long and eventful history, having been founded in the 8th century BC. In 1434 it witnessed the opening of the first university in Sicily. Then in the 14th century and into the Renaissance, Catania was one of Italy's most important and flourishing cultural, artistic, and political centers. Today, Catania is one of the main economic, touristic, and educational centers in the island, being an important hub of industry, with several high-tech businesses giving it the nickname, \"European Silicon Valley\".
/m/05jqy	Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, usually abbreviated to NSAIDs EN-sed—but also referred to as nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents/analgesics or nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory medicines —are a class of drugs that provides analgesic and antipyretic effects, and, in higher doses, anti-inflammatory effects.\nThe term nonsteroidal distinguishes these drugs from steroids, which, among a broad range of other effects, have a similar eicosanoid-depressing, anti-inflammatory action. As analgesics, NSAIDs are unusual in that they are non-narcotic and thus are used as a non-addictive alternative to narcotics.\nThe most prominent members of this group of drugs, aspirin, ibuprofen and naproxen, are all available over the counter in most countries. Paracetamol is not considered an NSAID because it has little anti-inflammatory activity. It treats pain mainly by blocking COX-2 mostly in the central nervous system, but not much in the rest of the body.\nNSAIDs inhibit the activity of both cyclooxygenase-1 and cyclooxygenase-2, and thereby, the synthesis of prostaglandins and thromboxanes. It is thought that inhibiting COX-2 leads to the anti-inflammatory, analgesic and antipyretic effects and that those NSAIDs also inhibiting COX-1, particularly aspirin, may cause gastrointestinal bleeding and ulcers. For this reason, the advantages of COX-2 selective inhibitors may be indicated.
/m/02183k	The University of Georgia is an American land-grant university, sea grant, and space grant research university with its primary campus located on a 759-acre campus in Athens, Georgia, USA. It is the flagship university of the state of Georgia. The university is ranked 20th overall among all public national universities in the current 2014 U.S. News & World Report rankings and consistently ranks within the top 200 universities worldwide across numerous publications. UGA is classified as a 'Research University/Very High Activity', according to the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching. The University of Georgia is a part of the University System of Georgia and is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools.\nFounded in 1785 as the United States's first state-chartered university, it is the oldest and largest of Georgia's institutions of higher learning and along with the College of William and Mary and the University of North Carolina-Chapel Hill claims the title of the oldest public university in the United States. The university's historic North Campus is on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places as a designated historic district.²
/m/0gq6s3	The Goya Award for Best Original Screenplay is one of the Goya Awards, Spain's principal national film awards
/m/07q0m	Tyrosine or 4-hydroxyphenylalanine, is one of the 22 amino acids that are used by cells to synthesize proteins. Its codons are UAC and UAU. It is a non-essential amino acid with a polar side group. The word \"tyrosine\" is from the Greek tyros, meaning cheese, as it was first discovered in 1846 by German chemist Justus von Liebig in the protein casein from cheese. It is called tyrosyl when referred to as a functional group or side chain.
/m/018fwv	Matthew George \"Matt\" Frewer is a Canadian American stage, TV and film actor. Acting since 1983, he is known for portraying the 1980s icon Max Headroom, the retired villain Moloch in the film adaptation of Watchmen, and Doctor Leekie in the 2013 Canadian science fiction drama Orphan Black.
/m/0ft7sr	Tony Walton is an English set and costume designer.\nWalton was born in Walton-on-Thames, Surrey, England. He began his career in 1957 with the stage design for Noël Coward's Broadway production of Conversation Piece. Throughout the late 1950s and early 1960s he designed for the New York and London stage. He entered motion pictures as costume designer and visual consultant for Mary Poppins in 1964, for which he received an Oscar nomination.\nHis awards include an Oscar for All That Jazz in 1980 and an Emmy for the acclaimed 1985 TV version of Death of a Salesman. He has received many Oscar, Emmy and other nominations, including BAFTA nominations for costume and set design for Murder on the Orient Express in 1975 and Oscar nominations for both costume design and set direction/art direction for the motion picture version of The Wiz in 1979.\nIn December, 2005, for their annual birthday celebration to 'The Master', The Noël Coward Society invited Walton as the guest celebrity to lay flowers in front of Coward's statue at New York's Gershwin Theatre, thereby commemorating the 106th birthday of Sir Noel.
/m/0dr_4	Titanic is a 1997 American epic romantic disaster film directed, written, co-produced, co-edited and partly financed by James Cameron. A fictionalized account of the sinking of the RMS Titanic, it stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet as members of different social classes who fall in love aboard the ship during its ill-fated maiden voyage.\nCameron's inspiration for the film was predicated on his fascination with shipwrecks; he wanted to convey the emotional message of the tragedy and felt that a love story interspersed with the human loss would be essential to achieving this. Production on the film began in 1995, when Cameron shot footage of the actual Titanic wreck. The modern scenes were shot on board the Akademik Mstislav Keldysh, which Cameron had used as a base when filming the wreck. A reconstruction of the Titanic built at Playas de Rosarito in Baja California, scale models, and computer-generated imagery were used to recreate the sinking. The film was partially funded by Paramount Pictures and 20th Century Fox, and, at the time, was the most expensive film ever made, with an estimated budget of $200 million.\nUpon its release on December 19, 1997, the film achieved critical and commercial success. Nominated for fourteen Academy Awards, it won eleven, including the awards for Best Picture and Best Director, tying Ben Hur for most Oscars won by a single film. With an initial worldwide gross of over $1.84 billion, it was the first film to reach the billion-dollar mark. It remained the highest-grossing film of all time, until Cameron's 2009 film Avatar surpassed its gross in 2010. A 3D version of the film, released on April 4, 2012 to commemorate the centenary of the sinking of the ship, earned it an additional $343.6 million worldwide, pushing Titanic's worldwide total to $2.18 billion. It became the second film to gross more than $2 billion worldwide.
/m/0jjw	Art is a diverse range of human activities and the products of those activities; this article focuses primarily on the visual arts, which includes the creation of images or objects in fields including painting, sculpture, printmaking, photography, and other visual media. Architecture is often included as one of the visual arts; however, like the decorative arts, it involves the creation of objects where the practical considerations of use are essential—in a way that they usually are not in a painting, for example. Music, theatre, film, dance, and other performing arts, as well as literature and other media such as interactive media, are included in a broader definition of art or the arts. Until the 17th century, art referred to any skill or mastery and was not differentiated from crafts or sciences, but in modern usage the fine arts, where aesthetic considerations are paramount, are distinguished from acquired skills in general, such as the decorative or applied arts.\nArt may be characterized in terms of mimesis, expression, communication of emotion, or other qualities. During the Romantic period, art came to be seen as \"a special faculty of the human mind to be classified with religion and science\". Though the definition of what constitutes art is disputed and has changed over time, general descriptions mention an idea of imaginative or technical skill stemming from human agency and creation.
/m/0f4y3	Columbia County is a county located in the U.S. state of New York. As of the 2010 census, the population was 63,096. The county seat is Hudson. The name comes from the Latin feminine form of the name of Christopher Columbus, which was at the time of the formation of the county a popular proposal for the name of the United States of America. Located on the east side of the Hudson River, Columbia County is part of the Albany-Schenectady-Amsterdam, NY Combined Statistical Area.
/m/01g4zr	Walter Benjamin Lantz was an American cartoonist, animator, film producer, and director, best known for founding Walter Lantz Productions and creating Woody Woodpecker.
/m/03_b1g	Veronica Mars is an American television series created by screenwriter Rob Thomas. The series is set in the fictional town of Neptune, California, and stars Kristen Bell as the title character.\nThe series premiered on September 22, 2004 during television network UPN's final two years, and ended on May 22, 2007 after a season on UPN's successor, The CW. Veronica Mars was produced by Warner Bros. Television, Silver Pictures Television, Stu Segall Productions, Inc and Rob Thomas Productions. Joel Silver and Rob Thomas were executive producers for the entire run of the series, while Diane Ruggiero was promoted in the third season.\nVeronica Mars is a student who progresses from high school to college while moonlighting as a private investigator under the tutelage of her detective father. In each episode, Veronica solves a different stand-alone case while working to solve a more complex mystery. The first two seasons of the series each had a season-long mystery arc, introduced in the first episode of the season and solved in the season finale. The third season took a different format, focusing on smaller mystery arcs that would last the course of several episodes.\nThomas initially wrote Veronica Mars as a young adult novel, which featured a male protagonist; he changed the gender because he thought a noir piece told from a female point of view would be more interesting and original. Filming began in March 2004, and the series premiered in September to 2.49 million American viewers. The critically acclaimed first season's run of 22 episodes garnered an average of 2.5 million viewers per episode in the United States. Veronica Mars appeared on a number of fall television best lists, and garnered several awards and nominations. During the series' run, it was nominated for two Satellite Awards, four Saturn Awards, five Teen Choice Awards and was featured on AFI's TV Programs of the Year for 2005.
/m/016tt2	Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation —also known as 20th Century Fox, or 20th Century Fox Pictures, is one of the six major American film studios as of 2011. Located in the Century City area of Los Angeles, just west of Beverly Hills, the studio used to be a subsidiary of News Corporation, but now it is currently a subsidiary of 21st Century Fox.\nThe company was founded on May 31, 1935, as the result of the merger of Fox Film Corporation, founded by William Fox in 1915, and Twentieth Century Pictures, founded in 1933 by Darryl F. Zanuck and Joseph M. Schenck.\n20th Century Fox has distributed various commercially successful film series, including Star Wars, Ice Age, X-Men, Die Hard, Planet of the Apes, Fantastic Four, Alien and Predator. Television series produced by Fox include The Simpsons, M*A*S*H, The X-Files, Family Guy, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, How I Met Your Mother, Glee, Modern Family and 24. Among the most famous actresses to come out of this studio were Shirley Temple, who was 20th Century Fox's first film star, Betty Grable, Gene Tierney, Marilyn Monroe and Jayne Mansfield. The studio also contracted the first African-American cinema star, Dorothy Dandridge.
/m/02b190	Swansea City Association Football Club is a Welsh professional football club based in the city of Swansea, South Wales that plays in the Premier League. Swansea City represent England when playing in European competitions, although they have represented Wales in the past. They play their home matches at the Liberty Stadium.\nThe club was founded in 1912 as Swansea Town and joined the Football League in 1921. The club changed their name in 1969, when it adopted the name Swansea City to reflect Swansea's new status as a city.\nIn 1981, the club were promoted to the original Football League First Division. It was during the following season they came close to winning the league title, but a decline then set near the season's end before finishing sixth, although a club record. It was from here the club suffered a relegation the season after, returning to the Football League Fourth Division a few seasons later, then narrowly avoided relegation to the Football Conference in 2003. Prior to playing home matches at the Liberty Stadium, the team had previously hosted at the Vetch Field. The Swansea City Supporters Society Ltd owns 20% of the club, with their involvement hailed by Supporters Direct as \"the most high profile example of the involvement of a supporters' trust in the direct running of a club\".
/m/0b6l1st	The Losers is a 2010 American action comedy film based on the adaptation of the Vertigo comic book series of the same name by Andy Diggle and Jock. Directed by Sylvain White, the film features an ensemble cast that includes Jeffrey Dean Morgan and Zoe Saldana. It was filmed in Arecibo, Caja de Muertos, Canóvanas, Hato Rey, Piñones, Rio Grande, San Juan and Santurce in Puerto Rico, Brickell Key, Miami and South Beach in the state of Florida.\nThe film received mixed reviews from critics and drew comparisons to The A-Team, a remake of which was released shortly after The Losers premiered.
/m/04sh3	Medicine is the field of applied science related to the art of healing by diagnosis, treatment, and prevention of disease. It encompasses a variety of health care practices evolved to maintain and restore health by the prevention and treatment of illness in human beings.\nContemporary medicine applies health science, biomedical research, genetics and medical technology to diagnose, treat, and prevent injury and disease, typically through medication or surgery, but also through therapies as diverse as psychotherapy, external splints & traction, prostheses, biologics, pharmaceutials, ionizing radiation among others.\nThe word medicine is derived from the Latin ars medicina, meaning the art of healing.
/m/01fszq	The Golden Girls is an American sitcom, created by Susan Harris, that originally aired on NBC from September 14, 1985, to May 9, 1992. Starring Bea Arthur, Betty White, Rue McClanahan and Estelle Getty, the show centers on four older women sharing a home in Miami, Florida. It was produced by Witt/Thomas/Harris Productions, in association with Touchstone Television, and Paul Junger Witt, Tony Thomas, and Harris served as the original executive producers.\nThe Golden Girls received critical acclaim throughout most of its run and won several awards, including the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Comedy Series twice. It also won three Golden Globe Awards for Best Television Series – Musical or Comedy. All four stars each received an Emmy Award throughout the series, making it one of only three sitcoms in the award's history to achieve this feat. The actresses also had multiple nominations. The series also ranked among the top ten highest-rated programs for six out of its seven seasons.
/m/013m43	Garland is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is a large city northeast of Dallas and is a part of the Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex. It is located almost entirely within Dallas County, except a small portion located in Collin County. As of the 2010 census, the city had a population of 226,876, making it the eighty-seventh most populous city in the United States of America and the twelfth most populous city in the state of Texas\nIn 2008, Garland was ranked #67 on CNN and Money magazine's list of the \"Top 100 Places to Live\".
/m/01s753	Queens' College is a constituent college of the University of Cambridge, England. Queens' is amongst the oldest and largest colleges of the university, founded in 1448 by Margaret of Anjou, and has some of the most recognisable buildings in Cambridge. The college spans both sides of the river Cam, colloquially referred to as the \"light side\" and the \"dark side\", with the world famous Mathematical Bridge connecting the two.\nThe college's alumni include heads of government and politicians from various countries, royalty, religious leaders, astronauts and Oscar nominees, its distinguished alumni include Stephen Fry, Abba Eban and T. H. White. Its most famous matriculant is Desiderius Erasmus, who studied at the college during his trips to England between 1506 and 1515.\nThe college has a financial endowment of £ 54.9 million\nThe current President of the college is the senior economist and Labour Party adviser, Lord Eatwell. Past Presidents of the college include Saint John Fisher.
/m/01c7qd	Fred Ebb was an American musical theatre lyricist who had many successful collaborations with composer John Kander. The Kander and Ebb team frequently wrote for such performers as Liza Minnelli and Chita Rivera.
/m/08ct6	2001: A Space Odyssey is a 1968 British-American science fiction film produced and directed by Stanley Kubrick. The screenplay was written by Kubrick and Arthur C. Clarke, and was partially inspired by Clarke's short story \"The Sentinel\". Clarke concurrently wrote the novel 2001: A Space Odyssey which was published soon after the film was released. The story deals with a series of encounters between humans and mysterious black monoliths that are apparently affecting human evolution, and a voyage to Jupiter tracing a signal emitted by one such monolith found on the Moon. The film is frequently described as an epic, both for its length and scope, and for its affinity with classical epics.\nThe film is structured into four distinct acts. Daniel Richter plays the character \"Moonwatcher\" in the first act, and William Sylvester plays Dr. Heywood R. Floyd in the second. Keir Dullea and Gary Lockwood star in the third act as the two astronauts on their voyage to Jupiter on board the spacecraft Discovery One, with Douglas Rain as the voice of the sentient computer HAL 9000 who has full control over their spacecraft. In the fourth and final act of the film we follow the journey of astronaut David Bowman \"beyond the infinite\".
/m/01wmjkb	Steven Tyler is an American singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, and former television music competition judge, best known as the frontman of the Boston-based rock band Aerosmith, in which he also plays the harmonica, and occasional piano and percussion. He is known as the \"Demon of Screamin'\" due to his high screams and his wide vocal range. He is also known for his on-stage acrobatics. During his high-energy performances, he usually dresses in bright, colorful outfits with his trademark scarves hanging from his microphone stand. In the 1970s, Tyler rose to prominence as the frontman of Aerosmith, which released such milestone hard rock albums as Toys in the Attic and Rocks. In the late 1970s and early 1980s, Tyler had a heavy drug and alcohol addiction, and the band's popularity waned.\nHe completed drug rehabilitation in 1986 and subsequently maintained sobriety for over 20 years but had a relapse with prescription painkillers in the late 2000s, for which he successfully received treatment in 2009. After Aerosmith launched a remarkable comeback in the late 1980s and early 1990s with the albums Permanent Vacation, Pump, and Get a Grip, Tyler became a household name and has remained a relevant rock icon. As a result, he has since embarked on several solo endeavors including guest appearances on other artists' music, film and TV roles, authoring a bestselling book, and solo work. However, he has continued to record music and perform with Aerosmith, after more than 43 years in the band. The band's latest album, Music from Another Dimension!, was released in November 2012.
/m/03n69x	Deion Luwynn Sanders Sr., nicknamed \"Prime Time,\" is an American former football and baseball player, who works as an NFL Network analyst. He was inducted to the Pro Football Hall of Fame on August 6, 2011. Sanders founded the Prime Prep Academy charter school in 2012 and has coached at the school.\nSanders played football primarily at cornerback, but also as a kick returner, punt returner and occasionally as a running back or wide receiver. He played in the NFL for the Atlanta Falcons, the San Francisco 49ers, the Dallas Cowboys, the Washington Redskins and the Baltimore Ravens, winning the Super Bowl with both the 49ers and the Cowboys. An outfielder in baseball, he played professionally for the New York Yankees, the Atlanta Braves, the Cincinnati Reds and the San Francisco Giants, and participated in the 1992 World Series with the Braves. He attended Florida State University, where he was recognized as a two-time All-American in football.\nDuring the 1989 season, he hit a major league home run and scored a touchdown in the NFL in the same week, the only player ever to do so. Sanders is also the only man to play in both a Super Bowl and a World Series.
/m/0c031k6	In filmmaking, video production, and other media, the term live action refers to cinematography or videography that is not animated, sometimes based on its original animated series. As it is the norm, the term is usually superfluous, but it makes an important distinction in situations in which one might normally expect animation, as in a Pixar film, a video game or when the work is adapted from an animated cartoon, such as Scooby-Doo, The Flintstones, The Fairly OddParents, Inspector Gadget, Capser, 101 Dalmatians or Josie and the Pussycats films, or The Tick television program. Use of puppets in films such as The Dark Crystal is also considered to be live action, provided that stop-motion is not used to animate them.\nThe term is also used within the animation world to refer to non-animated characters: in a live-action/animated film such as Space Jam, Who Framed Roger Rabbit, Looney Tunes: Back in Action, or Mary Poppins in which humans and cartoons co-exist, \"live-action\" characters are the \"real\" actors, such as Bob Hoskins and Julie Andrews, as opposed to the animated \"actors\", such as Roger Rabbit himself.\nLive action can also mean that a film or a television show is adapted from comics. Adaptations from comics include live-action film versions of Men in Black, Dick Tracy, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, The Mask, Marvel Comics' Spider-Man, Captain America, Iron Man, Thor, Hulk, Fantastic Four, Avengers and X-Men, DC Comics' Superman, Batman and Green Lantern, or manga such as Death Note, Detective Conan and Great Teacher Onizuka.
/m/03yvgp	The Malta national football team represents Malta in international football and is controlled by the Malta Football Association. Malta played its first international game on 24 February 1957 against Austria, and began competing for qualification to major tournaments in 1962. The side's first competitive victory arrived in 1975 against Greece. Considered to be one of the weaker sides in Europe, Malta has never made it to the finals of any major international competition. They have however never ranked at the bottom of the FIFA World Rankings, while getting as high as 66th in the top 100.
/m/019m60	Cruzeiro Esporte Clube, commonly known Cruzeiro and referred to as Raposa, is a Brazilian multisport club based in Barro Preto, a bairro in the city of Belo Horizonte. Although they compete in a number of different sports, Cruzeiro is mostly known for its association football team. It plays in the Campeonato Mineiro, the State of Minas Gerais's premier state league, as well as the Brasileirão, the top tier of the Brazilian football league system. Cruzeiro are one of the only five clubs to have never been relegated, along with São Paulo, Flamengo, Internacional and Santos.\nThe club was founded on January 2, 1921 by sportsmen from the Italian colony of Belo Horizonte as a result of the political-administrative crisis within Yale Atlético Clube at the time; several members of Yale decided to abandon the poorly structured club and formed a new one called Societá Sportiva Palestra Italia. As a result of the Second World War, the Brazilian federal government banned the use of any symbols referring to the Axis powers in 1942. The club board members rebaptized the club with the name of a leading national symbol: the Cruzeiro do Sul. Cruzeiro play their home games at the Estádio Governador Magalhães Pinto, better known as the Mineirão, which currently holds up to 64,500 spectators. Cruzeiro's regular kit colours are blue shirts and white shorts with white socks. Olympikus are the kit manufacturers currently.
/m/0p3r8	Kelly Michelle Lee Osbourne is an English singer-songwriter, actress, television presenter and fashion designer. The daughter of Ozzy and Sharon Osbourne, she is known for her appearances on The Osbournes with her family, for which they won a 2002 Emmy Award for Outstanding Reality Program, as well as on E!'s Fashion Police, where she has been a panelist and presenter since the show's inception in 2010. She has also appeared on Dancing with the Stars, in which she and professional dance partner Louis van Amstel took third place.
/m/021y7yw	Notes on a Scandal is a 2006 British drama/psychological thriller film, adapted from the 2003 novel of the same name by Zoë Heller. The screenplay was written by Patrick Marber and the film was directed by Richard Eyre. The soundtrack was composed by Philip Glass.\nIt was nominated for four Academy Awards – Best Actress, Best Supporting Actress, Best Adapted Screenplay, and Best Original Score.
/m/0kr_t	Coldplay are a British rock band formed in 1996 by lead vocalist Chris Martin and lead guitarist Jonny Buckland at University College London. After they formed under the name Pectoralz, Guy Berryman joined the group as a bassist and they changed their name to Starfish. Will Champion joined as a drummer, backing vocalist, and multi-instrumentalist, completing the line-up. Manager Phil Harvey is often considered an unofficial fifth member. The band renamed themselves \"Coldplay\" in 1998, before recording and releasing three EPs; Safety in 1998, Brothers & Sisters as a single in 1999 and The Blue Room in the same year. The latter was their first release on a major label, after signing to Parlophone.\nThey achieved worldwide fame with the release of the single \"Yellow\" in 2000, followed by their debut album released in the same year, Parachutes, which was nominated for the Mercury Prize. The band's second album, A Rush of Blood to the Head, was released to critical acclaim and won multiple awards, including NME's Album of the Year. They have also come top of the BBC Radio 2 poll of the favourite album of all time. Their next release, X&Y, the best-selling album worldwide in 2005, was met with mostly positive reviews upon its release, though some critics felt that it was inferior to its predecessor. The band's fourth studio album, Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends, was produced by Brian Eno and released again to largely positive reviews, earning several Grammy nominations and wins at the 51st Grammy Awards. On 24 October 2011, they released their fifth studio album, Mylo Xyloto, which received mixed to positive reviews, topped the charts in over 34 countries, and was the UK's best-selling rock album of 2011. There might be an EP that will lead to an album in late 2014
/m/03hmt9b	Slumdog Millionaire is a 2008 British drama film directed by Danny Boyle, written by Simon Beaufoy, and co-directed in India by Loveleen Tandan. It is an adaptation of the novel Q & A by Indian author and diplomat Vikas Swarup. Set and filmed in India, the film tells the story of Jamal Malik, a young man from the Juhu slums of Mumbai who appears on the Indian version of Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? and exceeds people's expectations, thereby arousing the suspicions of cheating; Jamal recounts in flashback how he knows the answer to each question, each one linked to a key event in his life.\nAfter its world premiere at Telluride Film Festival and later screenings at the Toronto International Film Festival and the London Film Festival, Slumdog Millionaire had a nationwide grand release in the United Kingdom on 9 January 2009 and in the United States on 23 January 2009. It premiered in Mumbai on 22 January 2009.\nA sleeper hit, Slumdog Millionaire was widely acclaimed, being praised for its plot, soundtrack and directing. In addition, it was nominated for 10 Academy Awards in 2009, winning eight, the most for any film of 2008, including Best Picture, Best Director, and Best Adapted Screenplay. It also won seven BAFTA Awards, five Critics' Choice Awards, and four Golden Globes.
/m/02dwj	Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb, more commonly known simply as Dr. Strangelove, is a 1964 British-American black comedy film which satirizes the nuclear scare. It was directed, produced, and co-written by Stanley Kubrick, stars Peter Sellers and George C. Scott, and features Sterling Hayden, Keenan Wynn, and Slim Pickens. The film is loosely based on Peter George's Cold War thriller novel Red Alert.\nThe story concerns an unhinged United States Air Force general who orders a first strike nuclear attack on the Soviet Union. It follows the President of the United States, his advisers, the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and a Royal Air Force officer as they try to recall the bombers to prevent a nuclear apocalypse. It separately follows the crew of one B-52 bomber as they try to deliver their payload.\nIn 1989, the United States Library of Congress included it in the first group of films selected for preservation in the National Film Registry. It was listed as number three on AFI's 100 Years...100 Laughs list.
/m/027dcbn	Count Dracula is the title character and primary antagonist of Bram Stoker's 1897 Gothic horror novel Dracula. He is considered thus to be both the prototypical and the archetypical vampire in subsequent works of fiction. Some aspects of the character are believed to have been inspired by the 15th-century Romanian general and Wallachian Prince Vlad III the Impaler, who was also known as Dracula. Other character aspects have been added or altered in subsequent popular media fictional works. The character has subsequently appeared frequently in popular culture, from films to animated media to breakfast cereals.
/m/017l66	Skull and Bones is an undergraduate senior secret society at Yale University, New Haven, Connecticut. It is the oldest senior class landed society at Yale. The society's alumni organization, the Russell Trust Association, owns the society's real estate and oversees the organization. The society is known informally as \"Bones\", and members are known as \"Bonesmen\".
/m/02gnj2	Len Wein is an American comic book writer and editor best known for co-creating DC Comics' Swamp Thing and Marvel Comics' Wolverine, and for helping revive the Marvel superhero team the X-Men. Additionally, he was the editor for writer Alan Moore and illustrator Dave Gibbons' influential DC miniseries Watchmen.\nWein was inducted into the Will Eisner Comic Book Hall of Fame in 2008.
/m/07s93v	Steven Ernest Bernard Zaillian is an American screenwriter, director, film editor, producer, and founder of Film Rites, a film production company. He won an Academy Award for his screenplay for Schindler's List and he has been nominated for Awakenings, Gangs of New York and Moneyball. The Times called him \"the most artful and subtle screenwriter Hollywood has had since Robert Towne.\" He was also presented with the Distinguished Screenwriter Award at the 2009 Austin Film Festival and the Laurel Award for Screenwriting Achievement from the Writers Guild of America in 2011.\nZaillian was born in Fresno, California, the son of Jim Zaillian, a radio news reporter. He attended Sonoma State University, graduated from San Francisco State University and lives in Los Angeles. He is of Armenian descent.
/m/0bdd_	Masovian Voivodeship or Mazovia Province, is the largest and most populous of the sixteen Polish provinces, or voivodeships, created in 1999. It occupies 35,579 square kilometres of east-central Poland, and has 5.16 million inhabitants. Its principal cities are Warsaw in the centre of the Warsaw metropolitan area, Radom in the south, Płock in the west, Siedlce in the east, and Ostrołęka in the north. The capital of the voivodeship is the national capital, Warsaw.\nThe province was created on January 1, 1999, out of the former Warsaw, Płock, Ciechanów, Ostrołęka, Siedlce and Radom Voivodeships, pursuant to the Polish local government reforms adopted in 1998. The province's name recalls the traditional name of the region, Mazowsze, with which it is roughly coterminous. However, southern part of the voivodeship, with Radom, historically belongs to Małopolska, while Łomża and its surroundings, even though historically part of Masovia, now is part of Podlaskie Voivodeship.\nIt is bordered by six other voivodeships: Warmian-Masurian to the north, Podlaskie to the north-east, Lublin to the south-east, Świętokrzyskie to the south, Łódź to the south-west, and Kuyavian-Pomeranian to the north-west.
/m/0d66j2	Brothers & Sisters is an American television drama series that centers on the Walker family and their lives in Pasadena, California. The series premiered on ABC on September 24, 2006, and aired its final episode on May 8, 2011. It aired, for its entire run, in a Sunday night timeslot after Desperate Housewives.\nThe cast included a collection of award-winning actors, including Sally Field, Rachel Griffiths, Calista Flockhart, Rob Lowe, and Patricia Wettig. Sally Field received both a Primetime Emmy Award and a Screen Actors Guild Award for her performance throughout the series. Rachel Griffiths was also nominated for two Primetime Emmy Awards and two Golden Globe Awards for her work on the show.\nIn May 2011, the show completed its fifth and final season on ABC. On May 13, 2011, it was announced that ABC had decided to end the show.
/m/02bd_f	The University of Turin is a university in the city of Turin in the Piedmont region of north-western Italy. It is one of the oldest universities in Europe, and continues to play an important role in research and training.
/m/03lrc	Hampshire is a county on the southern coast of England in the United Kingdom. The county town of Hampshire is Winchester, the former capital city of England. Hampshire is the most populous ceremonial county in the United Kingdom excluding the metropolitan counties with almost half of the county's population living within the South Hampshire conurbation which includes the cities of Southampton and Portsmouth. Hampshire is notable for housing the birthplaces of the Royal Navy, British Army, and Royal Air Force. The ceremonial county is bordered by Dorset to the west, Wiltshire to the north-west, Berkshire to the north, Surrey to the north-east, and West Sussex to the east. The southern boundary is the coastline of the English Channel and the Solent, facing the Isle of Wight.\nHampshire is the largest county in South East England and the third largest shire county in the United Kingdom despite losing more land than any other English county during the Local Government Act 1972 boundary changes. At its greatest size in 1889, Hampshire was the fifth largest county in England. It now has an overall area of 3,700 square kilometres, and measures approximately 86 kilometres east–west and 76 kilometres north–south.
/m/02n1gr	Dharamendra, is a Hindi film actor. In 1997, he received the Filmfare Lifetime Achievement Award for his contribution to Hindi cinema.\nHis starring roles in action films earned him nicknames such as \"Action King\" and \"He-Man\". One of his most notable roles was in Sholay.\nHe has also been a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India, representing Bikaner constituency in Rajasthan from Bharatiya Janata Party. In 2012, he was honoured India's third highest civilian honour Padma Bhushan by the Government of India.
/m/02dsz	A disc jockey is a person who mixes recorded music for an audience. Originally, \"disc\" referred to phonograph records, not the later compact discs. Today, the term includes all forms of music playback, no matter the medium.\nThere are several types of disc jockey. Radio DJs or radio personalities introduce and play music that is broadcast on AM, FM, shortwave, digital or internet radio stations. Club DJs select and play music in bars, nightclubs or discothèques, or at parties or raves, or even in stadiums. Hip hop DJs select and play music using multiple turntables to back up one or more MCs/rappers, perform turntable scratching to create percussive sounds, and are also often music producers who use turntablism and sampling to create backing instrumentals for new tracks. In reggae, the DJ is a vocalist who raps, \"toasts\", or chats over pre-recorded rhythm tracks while the individual choosing and playing them is referred to as a selector. Mobile DJs travel with portable sound systems and play recorded music at a variety of events. Some mobile DJs also serve as the master of ceremonies or MC directing the attention of attendees, and maintaining a room-wide focus on what is included in the event's agenda. According to a 2012 study, there are approximately 1¼ million professional disc jockeys in the world.
/m/08n9ng	Ian James Corlett is a Canadian animation voice actor, screenwriter, television producer and musician. He is the creator of Studio B Productions' animated series Being Ian and Yvon of the Yukon.
/m/07wh1	The United States Army is the main branch of the United States Armed Forces responsible for land-based military operations. It is the largest and oldest established branch of the U.S. military, and is one of seven U.S. uniformed services. The modern army has its roots in the Continental Army which was formed on 14 June 1775, to meet the demands of the American Revolutionary War before the establishment of the United States. The Congress of the Confederation officially created the United States Army on 3 June 1784 after the end of the Revolutionary War to replace the disbanded Continental Army. The army considers itself to be descended from the Continental Army and thus dates its inception from the origins of that force.\nThe primary mission of the army is \"to fight and win our Nation’s wars by providing prompt, sustained land dominance across the full range of military operations and spectrum of conflict in support of combatant commanders.\" The army is a military service within the Department of the Army, one of the three military departments of the Department of Defense. The army is headed by the Secretary of the Army, and the top military officer in the department is the Chief of Staff of the Army. The highest ranking army officer is currently the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. During fiscal year 2011, the Regular Army reported a strength of 546,057 soldiers; the Army National Guard reported 358,078 and the United States Army Reserve reported 201,166 putting the combined component strength total at 1,105,301 soldiers.
/m/04w58	Monaco, officially the Principality of Monaco, is a sovereign city-state, located on the French Riviera in Western Europe. It is bordered by France on three sides; one side borders the Mediterranean Sea. It has an area of 2.02 km², and a population of 36,371, making Monaco the second smallest, and the most densely populated, country in the world. Monaco has a land border of only 4.4 km, a coastline of 4.1 km, and a width that varies between 1,700 and 349 m. The highest point in the country is a narrow pathway named Chemin des Révoires on the slopes of Mont Agel, in the Les Révoires district, which is 161 metres above sea level. Monaco's most populous Quartier is Monte Carlo, and the most populous Ward is Larvotto/Bas Moulins. Monaco is known for its land reclamation, which has increased its size by an estimated 20%.\nMonaco is a principality governed under a form of constitutional monarchy, with Prince Albert II as head of state. Even though Prince Albert II is a constitutional monarch, he still has immense political power. The House of Grimaldi have ruled Monaco, with brief interruptions, since 1297. The official language is French, but Monégasque, Italian, and English are widely spoken and understood. The state's sovereignty was officially recognized by the Franco-Monegasque Treaty of 1861, with Monaco becoming a full United Nations voting member in 1993. Despite Monaco's independence and separate foreign policy, its defence is the responsibility of France. However, Monaco does maintain two small military units.
/m/04v68c	Roy Eric Carroll is a Northern Irish footballer who is currently playing for Greek Superleague club Olympiacos. He is a goalkeeper and is best known for his spells at Wigan Athletic, Manchester United, where he won a Premier League winners medal and the 2004 FA Cup and Olympiacos where he won the Greek Superleague and the 2012 Greek Cup. He has also represented Northern Ireland 27 times at full international level, gaining his first cap in 1997, aged 19.\nCarroll has also had a one-game managerial career, leading Barnet to a 2–1 victory in the 2011 Herts Senior Cup final against Stevenage. Therefore, Carroll holds the unusual honour of having won a trophy in his only game as a manager.
/m/01y8cr	Karl Mladen was an actor.
/m/07wm6	The University of Manitoba is a public university in the province of Manitoba, Canada. Located in Winnipeg, it is a research-intensive post-secondary educational institution. Founded in 1877, it was Western Canada’s first university.
/m/0kcdl	USA Network is an American basic cable and satellite channel that is owned by the NBCUniversal Cable division of NBCUniversal. Once a minor player in basic cable, the network has steadily gained popularity due to its original programming; USA also broadcasts repeats of current and former network series, along with theatrically released feature films and some sports programming.\nAs of August 2013, USA Network is available to approximately 98,647,000 pay television households in the United States.
/m/033smt	The Technical Director or Technical Manager is usually a senior technical person within a software company, engineering firm, film studio, theatrical company or television studio. This person usually possesses the highest level of skill within a specific technical field and may be recognized as an expert in that industry.
/m/07_pf	Venice is a city in northeastern Italy sited on a group of 118 small islands separated by canals and linked by bridges. It is located in the marshy Venetian Lagoon which stretches along the shoreline, between the mouths of the Po and the Piave Rivers. Venice is renowned for the beauty of its setting, its architecture and its artworks. The city in its entirety is listed as a World Heritage Site, along with its lagoon.\nVenice is the capital of the Veneto region. In 2009, there were 270,098 people residing in Venice's comune. Together with Padua and Treviso, the city is included in the Padua-Treviso-Venice Metropolitan Area, with a total population of 1,600,000. PATREVE is only a statistical metropolitan area without any degree of autonomy.\nThe name is derived from the ancient Veneti people who inhabited the region by the 10th century BC. The city historically was the capital of the Republic of Venice. Venice has been known as the \"La Dominante\", \"Serenissima\", \"Queen of the Adriatic\", \"City of Water\", \"City of Masks\", \"City of Bridges\", \"The Floating City\", and \"City of Canals\". Luigi Barzini described it in The New York Times as \"undoubtedly the most beautiful city built by man\". Venice has also been described by the Times Online as being one of Europe's most romantic cities.
/m/05bp8g	Toshikazu Shiozawa, better known by the stage name Kaneto Shiozawa, was a Japanese voice actor from Tokyo. At the time of his death, he was attached to Aoni Production. He had a distinctive cold, calm voice which usually typecast him in roles as villains or anti-heroes. His stage name originated from the Japanese director Kaneto Shindō.
/m/0mch7	A solicitor is a lawyer who traditionally deals with any legal matter including conducting proceedings in court.\nIn the United Kingdom, a few Australian states, Hong Kong, South Africa and the Republic of Ireland, the legal profession is split between solicitors and barristers, and a lawyer will usually only hold one of the two titles. However, in Canada, New Zealand and most Australian states, the legal profession is now for practical purposes \"fused\", allowing lawyers to hold the title of \"barrister and solicitor\" and practise as both. The distinction between barristers and solicitors is, however, retained. Some legal graduates will start off as one and then decide to become the other.
/m/04rfq	Mary Pickford was a Canadian-American motion picture actress, co-founder of the film studio United Artists and one of the original 36 founders of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. Known as \"America's Sweetheart,\" \"Little Mary\" and \"The girl with the curls,\" she was one of the Canadian pioneers in early Hollywood and a significant figure in the development of film acting.\nBecause her international fame was triggered by moving images, she is a watershed figure in the history of modern celebrity and, as one of silent film's most important performers and producers, her contract demands were central to shaping the Hollywood industry. In consideration of her contributions to American cinema, the American Film Institute named Pickford 24th among the greatest female stars of all time.
/m/01sbv9	Madagascar is a 2005 American computer-animated comedy film produced by DreamWorks Animation, and released in movie theaters on May 27, 2005. The film tells the story of four Central Park Zoo animals who have spent their lives in blissful captivity and are unexpectedly shipped back to Africa, getting shipwrecked on the island of Madagascar. The voices of Ben Stiller, Jada Pinkett Smith, Chris Rock, and David Schwimmer are featured. Other voices include Sacha Baron Cohen, Cedric the Entertainer, and Andy Richter.\nDespite its mixed critical reception, it was a success at the box office.\nA sequel, Madagascar: Escape 2 Africa, was released on November 7, 2008. The third film in the series, Madagascar 3: Europe's Most Wanted, was released on June 8, 2012.
/m/0d4fqn	Jay Steven Kogen is an American comedy writer.
/m/02gx2k	The Grammy Award for Best Recording Package is one of a series of Grammy Awards presented for the visual look of an album. It is presented to the art director of the winning album, not to the performer, except if the performer is also the art director.
/m/01rm8b	Simply Red were an English soul band that sold more than 50 million albums over a 25-year career. Their style drew upon influences ranging from blue-eyed soul, New Romantic and rock to reggae and jazz. From their early days, the main driving force behind the band was singer Mick Hucknall, who, by the time the band was disbanded in 2010, was the only original member left. At the 1992 and 1993 Brit Awards, they received the award for Best British Group.
/m/097df	Philosophy of science is a branch of philosophy concerned with the foundations, methods, and implications of science. This discipline sometimes overlaps metaphysics, ontology and epistemology, for example, when it explores whether scientific results comprise a study of truth. In addition to these central problems of science as a whole, many philosophers of science consider problems that apply to particular sciences. Some philosophers of science also use contemporary results in science to reach conclusions about philosophy.\nPhilosophy of science has historically been met with mixed response from the scientific community. Though scientists often contribute to the field, many prominent scientists have felt that the practical effect on their work is limited.
/m/0cmf0m0	Puss in Boots is a 2011 American computer-animated action comedy film produced by DreamWorks Animation, directed by Chris Miller, executive produced by Guillermo del Toro, and written by Brian Lynch, with screenplay by Tom Wheeler. It stars Antonio Banderas, Salma Hayek, Zach Galifianakis, Billy Bob Thornton and Amy Sedaris. The film was released in theaters on October 28, 2011 in Digital 3D and IMAX 3D.\nAlthough the character of Puss in Boots originated in a French fairy tale in 1697, the film is a spin-off prequel to the Shrek franchise. It follows the character Puss in Boots on his adventures before his first appearance in Shrek 2 in 2004. Accompanied by his friends, Humpty Dumpty and Kitty Softpaws, Puss is pitted against Jack and Jill, two murderous outlaws in ownership of legendary magical beans which lead to great fortune.\nPuss in Boots opened to generally positive reviews and became a success at the box office with a gross of over $554 million. It was also nominated for Best Animated Feature at the 84th Academy Awards.
/m/01by1l	The Grammy Award for Album of the Year is presented by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position.\" Album of the Year is the most prestigious and final award category at the Grammys having been presented since 1959. Although it was originally presented to the artist alone, the award is now presented to the main artist, the featured artist, the producer, the engineer and/or mixer and the mastering engineer. In 1962, the award name was extended to Album of the Year but, in 1965, the shorter name returned. It was not until 1968, 1969, 1999, 2011, and 2014 that the award was won by a rock, country, hip hop, indie, or electronic dance music album respectively. As of 2012, classical albums are eligible for this award, with the award for Best Classical Album being discontinued.
/m/02z3r5q	The Congressional Wildlife Refuge Caucus is a large bi-partisan Congressional Member Organization in the U.S. House of Representatives formed to support the National Wildlife Refuge System through legislation, funding, and education.
/m/09tlh	Nottingham is a city and unitary authority in the East Midlands of England; County town of the ceremonial county of Nottinghamshire\nNottingham is famed for its links to the legend of Robin Hood and, during the Industrial Revolution, obtained worldwide recognition for its lace-making, bicycle and tobacco industries. Nottingham's origins are traceable back to 600 AD, however, it was only granted its city charter in 1897, as part of the Diamond Jubilee celebrations of Queen Victoria, and has since been officially titled the City of Nottingham.\nNottingham is the second largest city in the East Midlands, with a population of 305,700. This relatively small population is due to the tightly drawn official city boundary; the wider Nottingham Urban Area has a population of approximately 729,977, making it the ninth largest urban area in the United Kingdom. Eurostat listed Nottingham's population at 825,600 in 2004.\nThe city is a major tourist destination, with official figures released in early 2014 showing that visitors spent over £1.5 billion in 2011 - the sixth highest amount in England http://www.ons.gov.uk/ons/publications/re-reference-tables.html?edition=tcm%3A77-353054
/m/07q1m	The Straight Story is a 1999 drama film directed by David Lynch. The film was edited and produced by Mary Sweeney, Lynch's longtime partner and co-worker. She co-wrote the script with John E. Roach. The film is based on the true story of Alvin Straight's 1994 journey across Iowa and Wisconsin on a lawnmower. Alvin is an elderly World War II veteran who lives with his daughter Rose, a kind woman with a mental disability. When he hears that his estranged brother Lyle has suffered a stroke, Alvin makes up his mind to go visit him and hopefully make amends before he dies. But because Alvin's legs and eyes are too impaired for him to receive a driving license, he hitches a trailer to his recently purchased thirty year-old John Deere 110 Lawn tractor and sets off on the 240-mile journey from Laurens, Iowa to Mount Zion, Wisconsin.\nThe film was a critical success and garnered audience acclaim, although the overall gross proved less than expected. Reviewers praised the intensity of the character performances, particularly the realistic dialogue. It received a nomination for the Palme d'Or at the 1999 Cannes Film Festival and Farnsworth received a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actor.
/m/05_p2	Project management is the process and activity of planning, organizing, motivating, and controlling resources to achieve specific goals. A project is a temporary endeavor designed to produce a unique product, service or result with a defined beginning and end, undertaken to meet unique goals and objectives, typically to bring about beneficial change or added value. The temporary nature of projects stands in contrast with business as usual, which are repetitive, permanent, or semi-permanent functional activities to produce products or services. In practice, the management of these two systems is often quite different, and as such requires the development of distinct technical skills and management strategies.\nThe primary challenge of project management is to achieve all of the project goals and objectives while honoring the preconceived constraints. The primary constraints are scope, time, quality and budget. The secondary —and more ambitious— challenge is to optimize the allocation of necessary inputs and integrate them to meet pre-defined objectives.
/m/04bp0l	The Biggest Loser is an American show that debuted on NBC October 19, 2004. The show features obese people competing to win a cash prize by losing the highest percentage of weight relative to their initial weight.
/m/01zv_	Catalonia is an autonomous community of Spain, designated a \"nationality\" by its Statute of Autonomy. Catalonia comprises four provinces: Barcelona, Girona, Lleida, and Tarragona. The capital and largest city is Barcelona, the second largest city in Spain, and the centre of one of the largest metropolitan areas in Europe, and it comprises most of the territory of the former Principality of Catalonia, with the remainder now part of France. Catalonia is bordered by France and Andorra to the north, the Mediterranean Sea to the east, and the Spanish regions of Aragon and the Valencian Community to west and south respectively. The official languages are Catalan, Spanish and Aranese.\nIn the 10th century the eastern counties of the March of Gothia and the March of Hispania became independent from the Frankish kingdom, uniting as vassals of Barcelona. In 1137 Barcelona and Aragon formed the Crown of Aragon, and Catalonia became the base of Aragonese maritime power in the Mediterranean. Medieval Catalan literature flourished. Between 1469 and 1516, the King of Aragon and the Queen of Castille married and ruled together their kingdoms, retaining all their distinct institutions, Courts, Constitution. During the Reapers' War, Catalonia rebelled against the presence of Castillian army in its territory, becoming a republic under French protection. Under the terms of the Treaty of the Pyrenees in 1659, which ended the wider Franco-Castillian war, Castille agreed with France to cede it the northern parts of Catalonia, mostly incorporated in the county of Roussillon. During the War of the Spanish Succession, the Crown of Aragon sided against Philip V of Spain, whose subsequent victory led to the abolition of Catalan institutions and the imposition of the Castillian ones, and the Spanish language in public life.
/m/0gy0l_	Letters from Iwo Jima is a 2006 American war film directed and co-produced by Clint Eastwood, starring Ken Watanabe and Kazunari Ninomiya. The film portrays the Battle of Iwo Jima from the perspective of the Japanese soldiers and is a companion piece to Eastwood's Flags of Our Fathers, which depicts the same battle from the American viewpoint; the two films were shot back to back. Letters from Iwo Jima is almost entirely in Japanese, although it was produced by American companies Warner Bros. Pictures, DreamWorks Pictures, Malpaso Productions, and Amblin Entertainment. After the box office failure of Flags of Our Fathers, DreamWorks sold the United States distribution rights to Warner Bros., who had the international rights.\nLetters from Iwo Jima was released in Japan on December 9, 2006 and received a limited release in the United States on December 20, 2006 in order to be eligible for consideration for the 79th Academy Awards. It was subsequently released in more areas of the U.S. on January 12, 2007, and was released in most states on January 19. An English-dubbed version of the film premiered on April 7, 2008. Upon release, the film received considerable acclaim and did much better at the box office than its companion.
/m/0d7vtk	Heroes is an American science fiction television drama series created by Tim Kring that appeared on NBC for four seasons from September 25, 2006 through February 8, 2010. The series tells the stories of ordinary people who discover superhuman abilities, and how these abilities take effect in the characters' lives. The series emulates the aesthetic style and storytelling of American comic books, using multi-episode story arcs that build upon a larger, more encompassing arc. The series was produced by Tailwind Productions in association with Universal Media Studios. It was filmed primarily in Los Angeles, California.\nFour complete seasons aired, ending on February 8, 2010. The critically acclaimed first season had a run of 23 episodes and garnered an average of 14.3 million viewers in the United States, receiving the highest rating for an NBC drama premiere in five years. The second season of Heroes attracted an average of 13.1 million viewers in the U.S., and marked NBC's sole series among the top 20 ranked programs in total viewership for the 2007–2008 season. Heroes has earned a number of awards and nominations, including Primetime Emmy Awards, Golden Globes, People's Choice Awards, and British Academy Television Awards.
/m/0fr59	Cecil County is a county located in the U.S. state of Maryland. It was named for Cæcilius Calvert, 2nd Baron Baltimore, who was the first Proprietary Governor of the Province of Maryland from 1632 until his death in 1675. The county seat is Elkton; the newspaper of record is the \"Cecil Whig\". As of the 2010 census, the population was 101,108.
/m/015qt5	Arthur William Matthew “Art” Carney was an American actor in film, stage, television and radio. He is best known for playing Ed Norton, opposite Jackie Gleason's Ralph Kramden in the situation comedy The Honeymooners, and for winning the Academy Award for Best Actor for his role in Harry and Tonto.
/m/01mh8zn	Marc Shaiman is an American composer, lyricist, arranger and performer for films, television, and theatre. He is perhaps best known for writing the music and co-writing the lyrics for the Broadway musical version of the John Waters film Hairspray.
/m/0blt6	David William Duchovny is an American actor, writer, and director. He is best known for playing Fox Mulder on The X-Files and Hank Moody on Californication, both of which have earned him Golden Globe awards.
/m/0c1ps1	Joseph R. Gannascoli is an American actor and celebrity spokesman most notable for his portrayal of Vito Spatafore on the HBO series, The Sopranos.
/m/01qkqwg	Jake Shimabukuro is a ukulele virtuoso and composer known for his fast and complex finger work. His music combines elements of jazz, blues, funk, rock, bluegrass, classical, folk, and flamenco. Shimabukuro has written numerous original compositions, including the entire soundtracks to two Japanese films, Hula Girls and the Japanese remake of Sideways.\nWell known in Hawaii and Japan during his early solo career in the early 2000s, Shimabukuro became famous internationally in 2006, when a video of him playing a virtuosic rendition of \"While My Guitar Gently Weeps\" was posted on YouTube without his knowledge and became one of the first viral videos on that site. His concert engagements, collaborations with legendary musicians, media appearances, and music production have snowballed since then. In 2012, an award-winning documentary was released tracking his life, career, and music, titled Jake Shimabukuro: Life on Four Strings; it has screened in a variety of festivals, aired repeatedly on PBS, and been released on DVD.
/m/06_6j3	Victor Joseph \"Vic\" Mignogna is an American voice actor and musician best known for his work for ADV Films/Seraphim Digital, Funimation Entertainment/OkraTron 5000, and Viz Media/Studiopolis. He has provided numerous voices for Japanese anime series and video games. Mignogna is best known for his dub role of Edward Elric in Fullmetal Alchemist. He also voices Broly in the Dragon Ball Z films, Tamaki Suoh in Ouran High School Host Club, Fai D. Flowright in Tsubasa: Reservoir Chronicle, Ikkaku Madarame in Bleach, Dark Mousy in D.N.Angel, and Zero and Ichiru Kiryu in Vampire Knight. Recently he has done the voices for Spirit Albarn in Soul Eater, Yoshimori Sumimura in Kekkaishi, and Nagato, Obito Uchiha and Fuen in Naruto Shippuden. He is the voice of E-123 Omega from the SEGA franchise Sonic the Hedgehog.
/m/0mbs8	Martha Campbell Plimpton is an American stage, screen and film actress, singer and former model. Her feature film debut was in The River Rat before rising to prominence in the Richard Donner film The Goonies. She has also appeared in The Mosquito Coast, Running on Empty, Parenthood and Small Town Murder Songs.\nShe is recognized on Broadway for her roles in The Coast of Utopia, Top Girls, Pal Joey and Shining City. She has performed in theatre productions of The Playboy of the Western World, A Midsummer Night's Dream, The Glass Menagerie, The Sisters Rosensweig, and Uncle Vanya.\nPlimpton currently plays Virginia Chance on the FOX television series Raising Hope, which has earned her a Primetime Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series. She has received a further two Primetime Emmy Award nominations for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Drama Series, as well as three Tony Award nominations.
/m/06fq2	William Marsh Rice University, commonly referred to as Rice University or Rice, is a private research university located on a 295-acre campus in Houston, Texas, United States. The university is situated near the Houston Museum District and adjacent to the Texas Medical Center.\nOpened in 1912 after the murder of its namesake William Marsh Rice, Rice is now a preeminent research university with a distinct undergraduate focus. Its emphasis on education is demonstrated by a small student body and 5:1 student-faculty ratio, among the lowest in the top American universities including the Ivy League. The university has produced 101 Fulbright Scholars, 11 Truman Scholars, 24 Marshall Scholars, and 12 Rhodes Scholars. The university has a very high level of research activity for its size, with $115.3 million in sponsored research funding in 2011. Rice is noted for its applied science programs in the fields of artificial heart research, structural chemical analysis, signal processing, space science, and nanotechnology. It was ranked first in the world in materials science research by the Times Higher Education in 2010.\nThe university is organized into eleven residential colleges and eight schools of academic study, including the Wiess School of Natural Sciences, the George R. Brown School of Engineering, the School of Social Sciences, and the School of Humanities. Graduate programs are offered through the Jesse H. Jones Graduate School of Business, School of Architecture, Shepherd School of Music, and Susanne M. Glasscock School of Continuing Studies. Rice students are bound by the strict Honor Code, which is enforced by a uniquely student-run Honor Council.
/m/07y_7	The violin, also known as a fiddle, is a string instrument, usually with four strings tuned in perfect fifths. It is the smallest, highest-pitched member of the violin family of string instruments, which also includes the viola, the cello and the double bass.\nSomeone who plays the violin is called a violinist or a fiddler. The violinist produces sound by drawing a bow across one or more strings, by plucking the strings, or by a variety of other techniques. The violin is played by musicians in a wide variety of musical genres, including Baroque music, classical, jazz, folk music, rock and roll, and Soft rock. The violin has come to be played in many non-Western music cultures all over the world.\nThe violin is sometimes informally called a fiddle, regardless of the type of music played on it. The word violin comes from the Medieval Latin word vitula, meaning stringed instrument; this word is also believed to be the source of the Germanic \"fiddle\". The violin, while it has ancient origins, acquired most of its modern characteristics in 16th-century Italy, with some further modifications occurring in the 18th and 19th centuries. Violinists and collectors particularly prize the instruments made by the Gasparo da Salò, Giovanni Paolo Maggini, Stradivari, Guarneri and Amati families from the 16th to the 18th century in Brescia and Cremona and by Jacob Stainer in Austria. Great numbers of instruments have come from the hands of \"lesser\" makers, as well as still greater numbers of mass-produced commercial \"trade violins\" coming from cottage industries in places such as Saxony, Bohemia, and Mirecourt. Many of these trade instruments were formerly sold by Sears, Roebuck and Co. and other mass merchandisers.
/m/01pj3h	Thomas William \"Tom\" Selleck is an American actor and film producer. He is best known for his starring role as the private investigator Thomas Magnum in the television series Magnum, P.I., based in Hawaii. He also plays Police Chief Jesse Stone in a series of made-for-TV movies based on Robert B. Parker novels. Since 2010, he has appeared as NYPD Police Commissioner Frank Reagan in the drama Blue Bloods on CBS-TV.\nSelleck has appeared in more than fifty film and television roles since his initial success with Magnum, P.I., including a co-starring role in the highest-grossing movie of 1987, Three Men and a Baby; Quigley Down Under; Mr. Baseball; and Lassiter, to name a few. Selleck has also appeared as Dr. Richard Burke on Friends, where he played the on-again, off-again love-interest of Monica Geller, and A.J. Cooper on Las Vegas.
/m/012gyf	The Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México is a university in Mexico. UNAM was founded on 22 September 1910 by Justo Sierra as a liberal alternative to the Roman Catholic-sponsored Royal and Pontifical University of Mexico. UNAM's autonomy, granted in 1929, has given it the freedom to define its own curriculum and manage its own budget without interference from the government. This has had a profound effect on academic life at the university, which some claim boosts academic freedom and independence.\nThe UNAM generates a number of different publications in diverse areas, such as mathematics, physics and history. It is also the only university in Mexico with Nobel Prize laureates among its alumni: Alfonso García Robles, Octavio Paz, and Mario Molina.\nBesides being one of the most recognized universities in Latin America, it is one of the largest and the most artistically detailed. Its main campus is a World Heritage site that was designed by some of Mexico's best-known architects of the 20th century. Murals in the main campus were painted by some of the most recognized artists in Mexican history such as Diego Rivera and David Alfaro Siqueiros.
/m/05t0_2v	Scott Pilgrim vs. the World is a 2010 American comedy film co-written, produced and directed by Edgar Wright, based on the graphic novel series Scott Pilgrim by Bryan Lee O'Malley. The film is about a young Canadian musician named Scott Pilgrim meeting the girl of his dreams, an American delivery girl named Ramona Flowers. In order to win Ramona, Scott learns that he must defeat Ramona's \"seven evil exes\", who are coming to kill him.\nScott Pilgrim vs. the World was planned as a film after the first volume of the comic was released. Wright became attached to the project and filming began in March 2009 in Toronto. Scott Pilgrim vs. the World premiered after a panel discussion at the San Diego Comic-Con International on July 22, 2010. It received a wide release in North America on August 13, 2010, in 2,818 theaters. The film finished fifth on its first weekend of release with a total of $10.5 million. The film received generally positive reviews by critics and fans of the graphic novel, but it failed to recoup its production budget during its release in theaters, grossing $31.5 million in North America and $16 million internationally. The film has fared better on home video, becoming the top-selling Blu-ray on Amazon.com during the first day it was available and has since gained a cult following.
/m/03gt7s	Thrashcore is a fast tempo sub-genre of hardcore punk that emerged in the early 1980s. Thrashcore is essentially sped-up hardcore punk, with bands often using blast beats. Songs can be very brief, and thrashcore is in many ways a less dissonant, less metallic forerunner of grindcore. Like hardcore groups, thrashcore lyrics typically emphasize youthful rebellion or antimilitarism. In some ways, the genre is aligned with skateboarder subculture.
/m/01shhf	Dir En Grey is a Japanese metal band formed in 1997 and currently signed to Firewall Div., a sub-division of Free-Will. As of 2011, they have recorded eight full-length records with a lineup consistent since its inception. Numerous stylistic changes have made the genre of their music difficult to determine, though it is generally considered to be a form of metal. Originally a visual kei band, the band has opted for less dramatic attire in recent years.\nDir En Grey has toured through Asia, Europe, South America, and North America; Billboard commenting on the group's international fanbase, that the band \"has transcended the language barrier in the United States through its music\" and \"gained its audience without singing in English\".
/m/0mlm_	Kanawha County is a county located in the U.S. state of West Virginia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 193,063, making it the most populous county in West Virginia. Its county seat is Charleston, the state capital. The county was named in honor of the Great Kanawha River.\nKanawha County is included in the Charleston, WV Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/03kxdw	Robert Francis \"Bobcat\" Goldthwait is an American actor, comedian, screenwriter, and film and television director. He is commonly known for his energetic stage personality, his acerbic black comedy, and his gruff but high-pitched voice.
/m/0fcyj	Caracas, officially Santiago de León de Caracas, is the capital and largest city of Venezuela. Caracas is located in the northern part of the country, following the contours of the narrow Caracas Valley on the Venezuelan coastal mountain range. Terrain suitable for building lies between 760 and 910 m above sea level. The valley is close to the Caribbean Sea, separated from the coast by a steep 2,200 m high mountain range, Cerro El Ávila; to the south there are more hills and mountains.\nMetropolitan District of Caracas includes the Distrito Capital and four other municipalities in Miranda State: Chacao, Baruta, Sucre, and El Hatillo. The Distrito Capital had a population of 1,943,901 as of 2011, while that of Metropolitan District of Caracas was estimated at 3,055,000 as of.
/m/05bnx3j	Rebecca Eaton is an American television producer best known for introducing American audiences to British costume and countryside dramas as executive producer of the PBS Masterpiece series.
/m/0279c15	The Chicago Film Critics Association Award for Best Actor is an annual award given by the Chicago Film Critics Association.
/m/0kcd5	Turner Network Television is an American basic cable and satellite television network that is owned by the Turner Broadcasting System subsidiary of Time Warner. The channel's programming consists of television series and feature films, with a focus on dramatic programming, along with some professional sporting events such as NBA basketball games.\nAs of August 2013, approximately 98,139,000 American households receive TNT.
/m/0190vc	Chess Records was an American record company based in Chicago, Illinois. It specialized in blues, R&B, soul, gospel music, early rock and roll, and occasional jazz recordings, released on several labels including Chess, Checker, Argo and Cadet.\nFormed and run by Polish immigrant brothers Leonard and Phil Chess, the company produced and released many important singles and albums, which are now regarded as central to the rock music canon. Musician and critic Cub Koda described Chess Records as \"America's greatest blues label.\"\nThe Chess Records catalogue is now owned by Universal Music Group and managed by Geffen Records.\nChess Records was based at several different locations on the south side of Chicago, Illinois, initially at two different locations on South Cottage Grove Ave. The most famous location was 2120 S. Michigan Avenue from around 1956 to 1965, immortalized by British rock group The Rolling Stones in \"2120 South Michigan Avenue\", an instrumental recorded at that address during their first U.S. tour in 1964; the Stones would record at Chess Studios on two more occasions. The building is now home to Willie Dixon's Blues Heaven Foundation. In the mid-1960s, Chess re-located to a much larger building at 320 East 21st Street, the label's final Chicago home.
/m/07yr3	A fighting game is a type of video game where the player controls an on-screen character and engages in close combat with an opponent. These characters tend to be of equal power and fight matches consisting of several rounds, which take place in an arena. Players must master techniques such as blocking, counter-attacking, and chaining together sequences of attacks known as \"combos\". Since the early 1990s, most fighting games allow the player to execute special attacks by performing specific button combinations. The genre is related to but distinct from beat 'em ups, which involve large numbers of antagonists.\nThe first game to feature fist fighting was Heavyweight Champ in 1976, but it was Karate Champ and The Way of the Exploding Fist which popularized one-on-one martial arts games in 1984 and 1985 respectively. Also in 1985, Yie Ar Kung-Fu featured antagonists with differing fighting styles, while 1987's Street Fighter introduced hidden special attacks. In 1991, Capcom's highly successful Street Fighter II refined and popularized many of the conventions of the genre. The fighting game subsequently became the preeminent genre for competitive video gaming in the early to mid-1990s, especially in arcades. This period spawned numerous popular fighting games in addition to Street Fighter, including successful and long running franchises like Mortal Kombat, and later Virtua Fighter and Tekken.
/m/04hgpt	The Pennsylvania State University is a public, state-related research university with campuses and facilities in Pennsylvania. Founded in 1855, the university has a stated threefold mission of teaching, research, and public service. Its instructional mission includes undergraduate, graduate, professional and continuing education offered through resident instruction and online delivery. Its University Park campus, the flagship campus, lies within the Borough of State College and College Township. The Penn State Dickinson School of Law has facilities located in both Carlisle and State College and the College of Medicine is located in Hershey. Penn State has another 19 commonwealth campuses and 5 special-mission campuses located across the state. Penn State has been labeled one of the \"Public Ivies,\" a publicly funded university considered as providing a quality of education comparable to those of the Ivy League.\nAnnual enrollment at the University Park campus totals more than 45,000 graduate and undergraduate students, making it one of the largest universities in the United States. It has the world's largest dues-paying alumni association. The university's total enrollment in 2009–10 was approximately 94,300 across its 24 campuses and online through its World Campus.
/m/0htp	An astronaut or cosmonaut is a person trained by a human spaceflight program to command, pilot, or serve as a crew member of a spacecraft.\nWhile generally reserved for professional space travelers, the terms are sometimes applied to anyone who travels into space, including scientists, politicians, journalists, and tourists.\nStarting in the 1950s up until 2002, astronauts were sponsored and trained exclusively by governments, either by the military or by civilian space agencies. With the sub-orbital flight of the privately funded SpaceShipOne in 2004, a new category of astronaut was created: the commercial astronaut.
/m/022fj_	Florida International University is an American public research university in Greater Miami, Florida, in the United States, with its main campus in University Park in Miami-Dade County. Florida International University is classified as a research university with high research activity by the Carnegie Foundation and a first-tier research university by the Florida Legislature. Founded in 1965, FIU is the youngest university to be awarded a Phi Beta Kappa chapter by the Phi Beta Kappa Society, the country's oldest academic honor society.\nFIU belongs to the 12-campus State University System of Florida and is one of Florida's primary graduate research universities, awarding over 3,400 graduate and professional degrees annually. The university offers 191 programs of study with more than 280 majors in 23 colleges and schools. FIU offers many graduate programs, including architecture, business administration, engineering, law, and medicine, offering 81 master's degrees, 34 doctoral degrees, and 3 professional degrees.\nFIU is the largest university in South Florida, the 2nd-largest in Florida, and the 7th-largest in the United States. Total enrollment in 2012 was 50,394 students, including 14,177 graduate students, and 2,974 full-time faculty with over 180,000 alumni around the world. In 2012, FIU's research expenditure was $104.6 million, with an endowment of $140 million. The university has an annual budget of $1.07 billion.
/m/017dpj	Norman Milton Lear is an American television writer and producer who produced such 1970s sitcoms as All in the Family, Sanford and Son, One Day at a Time, The Jeffersons, Good Times, and Maude. As a political activist, he founded the advocacy organization People For the American Way in 1981 and has supported First Amendment rights and progressive causes.
/m/01_k0d	Grant Morrison, MBE is a Scottish comic book writer, playwright and occultist. He is known for his nonlinear narratives and countercultural leanings in his runs on titles including DC Comics' Animal Man, Batman, JLA, The Invisibles, Action Comics, All-Star Superman, and Doom Patrol, and Marvel Comics' New X-Men and Fantastic Four.
/m/026v437	María de la Paz Elizabeth Sofía Adriana de la Huerta, better known by her stage name Paz de la Huerta, is an American actress and model. De la Huerta began acting and modeling in adolescence, and had roles in The Cider House Rules, A Walk to Remember, and Choke. She has also starred in several independent films, but is best known for her role as Lucy Danziger in the HBO cable television series, Boardwalk Empire.
/m/012c6j	Adolphe Jean Menjou was an American actor. His career spanned both silent films and talkies, appearing in such films as Paths of Glory, The Sheik, A Woman of Paris, Morocco, and A Star is Born. He was nominated for an Academy Award for The Front Page in 1931.
/m/09tcg4	Angela's Ashes is a 1999 Irish-American drama film based on the memoir of the same title by Frank McCourt. It was co-written and directed by Alan Parker, and starred Emily Watson, Robert Carlyle, Joe Breen, Ciaran Owens, and Michael Legge, the latter three playing the Young, Middle and Older Frank McCourt respectively.
/m/03r8gp	Filmmaking is the process of making a film. Filmmaking involves a number of discrete stages including an initial story, idea, or commission, through scriptwriting, casting, shooting, editing, and screening the finished product before an audience that may result in a film release and exhibition. Filmmaking takes place in many places around the world in a range of economic, social, and political contexts, and using a variety of technologies and cinematic techniques. Typically, it involves a large number of people, and can take from a few months to several years to complete.
/m/0gfh84d	Lawless is a 2012 American crime drama film directed by John Hillcoat. The screenplay by Nick Cave is based on the historical novel The Wettest County in the World by Matt Bondurant. The film stars Shia LaBeouf, Tom Hardy, Gary Oldman, Mia Wasikowska, Jessica Chastain, Jason Clarke, and Guy Pearce.\nLawless explores the actions of three brothers: Forrest, Howard and Jack Bondurant, who made and sold moonshine in Franklin County, Virginia, during Prohibition. The film was in development for about three years before it was produced. It screened at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival and was theatrically released on August 29, 2012.
/m/07ldhs	Taylor Daniel Lautner is an American actor, model, and martial artist. Lautner is best known for playing Jacob Black in The Twilight Saga film series based on the novels of the same name by Stephenie Meyer.\nAs a child, Lautner took up martial arts in Holland, Michigan and was ranked number one in his category by the American Sports Karate Association. Lautner later began his acting career, appearing in bit roles in comedy series such as The Bernie Mac Show and My Wife and Kids, before having voice roles in television series like What's New, Scooby-Doo? and Danny Phantom. In 2005, he appeared in the film Cheaper by the Dozen 2 and starred in The Adventures of Sharkboy and Lavagirl in 3-D. He also starred in the 2011 action film Abduction.\nThe late 2000s saw Lautner become a teen idol and sex symbol, after extensively changing his physique to keep the role of Jacob Black in further Twilight installments, and generating media attention for his looks. In 2010, he was ranked second on Glamour's \"The 50 Sexiest Men of 2010\" list, and fourth on People's \"Most Amazing Bodies\" list. Also in the same year, Lautner was named the highest-paid teenage actor in Hollywood.
/m/0157m	William Jefferson \"Bill\" Clinton is an American politician who served from 1993 to 2001 as the 42nd President of the United States. Inaugurated at age 46, he was the third-youngest president. He took office at the end of the Cold War, and was the first president from the baby boomer generation. Clinton has been described as a New Democrat. Many of his policies have been attributed to a centrist Third Way philosophy of governance. Before becoming president, he was the Governor of Arkansas for five two-year terms, serving from 1979 to 1981 and from 1983 to 1992. He was also the state's Attorney General from 1977 to 1979.\nBorn and raised in Arkansas, Clinton became both a student leader and a skilled musician. He is an alumnus of Georgetown University, where he was a member of Phi Beta Kappa and Kappa Kappa Psi and earned a Rhodes Scholarship to attend the University of Oxford. He is married to Hillary Rodham Clinton, who served as United States Secretary of State from 2009 to 2013 and who was a Senator from New York from 2001 to 2009. Both Clintons received law degrees from Yale Law School, where they met and began dating. As Governor of Arkansas, Clinton overhauled the state's education system, and served as Chair of the National Governors Association.
/m/02825cv	Walk Hard: The Dewey Cox Story is a 2007 American music comedy film written and produced by Judd Apatow and Jake Kasdan, directed by Kasdan and starring John C. Reilly. The plot echoes the storyline of 2005's Johnny Cash biopic Walk the Line; Walk Hard is also a parody of the biopic genre as a whole.\nAs Walk Hard heavily references the film Walk the Line, the Dewey Cox persona is mostly based on Johnny Cash; but the character also includes elements of the lives and careers of Roy Orbison, Glen Campbell, Bob Dylan, Ray Charles, Jerry Lee Lewis, Donovan, John Lennon, James Brown, Jim Morrison, Conway Twitty, Neil Diamond, and Brian Wilson. The film also directly lampoons artists Buddy Holly, The Big Bopper, Elvis Presley, and The Beatles, in addition to some artists playing themselves, including Eddie Vedder and Ghostface Killah. In addition, the film parodies or pays tribute to the musical styles of Bob Dylan, David Bowie, Van Dyke Parks with Brian Wilson, and the seventies punk rock movement.\nThe film was released in the United States and Canada by Columbia Pictures on December 21, 2007.
/m/06nr2h	The Life and Death of Peter Sellers is a 2004 British/American film about the life of English comedy actor Peter Sellers, based on Roger Lewis's book of the same name. It was directed by Stephen Hopkins and starred Geoffrey Rush as Sellers, Miriam Margolyes as his mother Peg Sellers, Emily Watson as his first wife Anne Howe, Charlize Theron as his second wife Britt Ekland, John Lithgow as Blake Edwards, Stephen Fry as Maurice Woodruff and Stanley Tucci as Stanley Kubrick.
/m/0c3jz	Thora Birch is an American actress. She got her first role at the age of 6 in the short-lived sitcom Day by Day, that performance was followed by an appearance in the motion picture Purple People Eater, for which she received a Young Artist Award for \"Best Young Actress Under Nine Years of Age\". Birch's profile was raised significantly with major parts in films such as All I Want for Christmas, Patriot Games, Hocus Pocus, Monkey Trouble, Now and Then, and Alaska.\nHer breakthrough role came in 1999 with the Academy Award winning film, American Beauty. Her performance was well received by both critics and audiences and brought Birch to international recognition. She later played the lead role in Ghost World for which she received a Golden Globe Award nomination for Best Actress – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy. She has since appeared in independent films such as Dark Corners, Train and Winter of Frozen Dreams.
/m/01vvyfh	George Michael is an English musician, singer, songwriter, multi-instrumentalist and record producer. Michael rose to superstardom during the 1980s and 1990s with his style of post-disco dance-pop. He has also been characterized as a blue-eyed soul singer, although his material draws more from middle-of-the-road pop than soul music.\nAs one of the world's best-selling music artists, Michael has sold more than 100 million records worldwide as of 2010. His 1987 debut solo album, Faith, has sold more than 20 million copies worldwide and made several records and achievements in the United States. Michael has garnered seven number one singles in the UK and eight number one hits on the Billboard Hot 100 in the US. In 2008, Billboard magazine ranked Michael the 40th most successful artist on the Billboard Hot 100 Top All-Time Artists list.\nMichael has won numerous music awards throughout his 30-year career, including three Brit Awards—winning Best British Male twice, four MTV Video Music Awards, four Ivor Novello Awards, three American Music Awards, and two Grammy Awards from eight nominations.\nIn 2004, the Radio Academy named Michael as the most played artist on British radio between the period of 1984–2004. The documentary A Different Story was released in 2005; it covered his personal life and professional career. In 2006, George Michael announced his first tour in 15 years, the worldwide 25 Live tour, spanning three individual tours over the course of three years.
/m/02z13jg	The Best Actor Award is an award presented at the Cannes Film Festival. It is chosen by the jury from the 'official section' of movies at the festival. It was first awarded in 1946.
/m/0142rn	Chief Information Officer or Information Technology Director, is a job title commonly given to the most senior executive in an enterprise responsible for the information technology and computer systems that support enterprise goals. Generally, the CIO reports to the chief executive officer, chief operating officer or chief financial officer. In military organizations, they report to the commanding officer.
/m/05z01	Plymouth Argyle Football Club is an English professional football club, based in Plymouth, Devon, that plays in Football League Two.\nSince becoming professional in 1903, the club has won five Football League titles, five Southern League titles and one Western League title. The 2009–10 season was the club's 42nd in the second tier of English football. The team set the record for most championships won in the third tier, having finished first in the Third Division South twice, the Third Division once and the Second Division once.\nThe club takes its nickname, \"The Pilgrims\", from an English religious group that left Plymouth for the New World in 1620. The club crest features the Mayflower, the ship that carried the pilgrims to Massachusetts. The city of Plymouth is the largest in England never to have hosted top-flight football. They are the most southern and western League club in England.
/m/03ll3	Human rights are moral principles that set out certain standards of human behaviour, and are regularly protected as legal rights in national and international law. They are \"commonly understood as inalienable fundamental rights to which a person is inherently entitled simply because she or he is a human being.\" Human rights are thus conceived as universal and egalitarian. The doctrine of human rights has been highly influential within international law, global and regional institutions, in the policies of states and in the activities of non-governmental organizations and has become a cornerstone of public policy around the world. The idea of human rights suggests that, \"if the public discourse of peacetime global society can be said to have a common moral language, it is that of human rights.\" The strong claims made by the doctrine of human rights continue to provoke considerable skepticism and debates about the content, nature and justifications of human rights to this day. Indeed, the question of what is meant by a \"right\" is itself controversial and the subject of continued philosophical debate.\nMany of the basic ideas that animated the human rights movement developed in the aftermath of the Second World War and the atrocities of The Holocaust, culminating in the adoption of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights in Paris by the United Nations General Assembly in 1948. The ancient world did not possess the concept of universal human rights. The true forerunner of human rights discourse was the concept of natural rights which appeared as part of the medieval Natural law tradition that became prominent during the Enlightenment with such philosophers as John Locke, Francis Hutcheson, and Jean-Jacques Burlamaqui, and featured prominently in the political discourse of the American Revolution and the French Revolution.
/m/0166c7	Jiangsu is an eastern coastal province of the People's Republic of China. The name comes from jiang, short for the city of Jiangning, and su, for the city of Suzhou. The abbreviation for this province is \"苏\", the second character of its name. It is the province with the highest population density in China, though the provincial-level municipalities of Shanghai, Beijing, and Tianjin have a higher density.\nJiangsu borders Shandong in the north, Anhui to the west, and Zhejiang and Shanghai to the south. Jiangsu has a coastline of over 1,000 kilometres along the Yellow Sea, and the Yangtze River passes through the southern part of the province. Since the initiation of economic reforms in 1990, Jiangsu has been a hot spot for economic development, and now has the highest GDP per capita of all Chinese provinces. The southern regions are richer than the north.\nJiangsu is home to many of the world’s leading exporters of electronic equipment, chemicals and textiles. It has also been China's largest recipient of foreign direct investment since 2006. Its nominal GDP as of 2011, based on 2012 exchange rates, is half the size of India's.
/m/0dhd5	Islamabad is the capital city of Pakistan. Located within the Islamabad Capital Territory, the population of the city has grown from 95,940 in 1951 to 805,235 as of 1998 making it the ninth largest city in the country. According to a 2012 estimate by the Census Department, the population of Islamabad including its surrounding territory has increased to 2 million and together with its neighbouring twin city of Rawalpindi, the greater Islamabad-Rawalpindi metropolitan area is the third largest conurbation in Pakistan with a population of over 4.5 million inhabitants. Since its foundation, Islamabad has attracted people from all over Pakistan, making it one of the most cosmopolitan and urbanised cities of Pakistan. As the capital, Islamabad is the seat of the Government of Pakistan; the Presidential Palace is also located here. Islamabad is home to the Pakistan Monument, which is one of the two national monuments of Pakistan. Islamabad is known as a clean, calm and green city. It hosts a large number of diplomats, politicians and government employees.\nIslamabad is a modern, well planned and maintained city located in the Pothohar Plateau in the northeastern part of the country, within the Islamabad Capital Territory. The region has historically been a part of the crossroads of Punjab and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa with the Margalla Pass acting as the gateway between the two regions. The city was built during the 1960s to replace Karachi as Pakistan's capital. Islamabad is a well-organised international city divided into several different sectors and zones. It is regarded as the most developed city in Pakistan and is ranked as a Gamma+ world city. The city is home to the Faisal Mosque, the largest mosque in South Asia and the fourth largest mosque in the world.
/m/03459x	Anaconda is a 1997 adventure-horror film, directed by Luis Llosa, starring Jennifer Lopez, Ice Cube, Jon Voight, Eric Stoltz, Owen Wilson, Kari Wuhrer and Jonathan Hyde. It centers on a film crew for National Geographic who are kidnapped by a hunter who is going after the world's largest giant anaconda, which is discovered in the Amazon Rainforest. Despite receiving mostly negative reviews from critics, the film was a box office hit, and was followed by three sequels.
/m/02w6s3	Progressive house is a style of house music. The progressive house style emerged in the early 1990s. It initially developed in the United Kingdom as a natural progression of American and European house music of the late 1980s.
/m/01grnp	The 2nd United States Congress, consisting of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives, met at Congress Hall in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania from March 4, 1791 to March 4, 1793, during the third and fourth years of George Washington's Presidency. The apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives was based on the provisions of Article I, Section 2, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. Both chambers had a Pro-Administration majority.
/m/0f6cl2	FC Anzhi Makhachkala is a Russian football club based in Makhachkala, capital of the Republic of Dagestan. Founded in 1991, the club competes in the Russian Premier League, playing their home games at the Anzhi-Arena.\nOn 18 January 2011, Anzhi Makhachkala was purchased by billionaire Suleyman Kerimov, and since then the club have had sufficient funds for signings such as Samuel Eto'o and the managerial appointment of Guus Hiddink in February 2012.
/m/023slg	Anthony Frederick \"Tony\" Levin is an American progressive rock musician, specializing in electric bass, Chapman Stick and upright bass. He also sings and plays synthesizer.\nLevin is best known for his work with progressive rock pioneers King Crimson and Peter Gabriel. He has also been a member of Liquid Tension Experiment; the King Crimson-related bands Bruford Levin Upper Extremities, ProjeKct One and ProjeKct Four; and currently leads his own band, Stick Men.\nA prolific session musician since the 1970s, Levin has played on 500 albums, including those of Cher, Alice Cooper, John Lennon, Sarah McLachlan, Stevie Nicks, Pink Floyd, Dire Straits, Lou Reed, Tom Waits, Buddy Rich, The Roches, Todd Rundgren, Seal, Anderson Bruford Wakeman Howe, Warren Zevon, Kevin Parent, Laurie Anderson, Kate and Anna McGarrigle, Gibonni, and Jean-Pierre Ferland. Additionally, he has toured with artists including Paul Simon, Gary Burton, James Taylor, Herbie Mann, Judy Collins, Carly Simon, Peter Frampton, Tim Finn, Richie Sambora, and Claudio Baglioni.\nLevin helped to popularize the Chapman Stick and the NS upright bass. He also created \"funk fingers\", modified drumsticks attached to fingers used to hit the bass strings.
/m/01my4f	David Edward Kelley is an American television writer and producer, known as the creator of Picket Fences, Chicago Hope, The Practice, Ally McBeal, Boston Public, Boston Legal, and Harry's Law as well as several films. Kelley is one of very few screenwriters to have had a show created by him run on all four of the top commercial U.S. television networks.
/m/01nnsv	The George Washington University is a comprehensive private, coeducational research university located in the United States' capital, Washington, D.C.. The university was chartered by an Act of Congress on February 9, 1821, as The Columbian College in the District of Columbia. In 1904, it changed its name to The George Washington University in honor of George Washington, the first President of the United States.\nThe main campus of the university is situated in the Foggy Bottom neighborhood of Washington, D.C., in close proximity to The White House, The World Bank, The International Monetary Fund, The Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts, and the headquarters of The United States Department of State.\nThe University awards undergraduate and graduate degrees in several disciplines through all of its ten different schools. The University's Law School, Business School and School of International Affairs are consistently ranked highly by several national and international publications.\nMany of the University's graduates have gone on to high positions within both the United States Government and in foreign governments. Notable alumni include US Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, Former Secretary of State Colin Powell, former First-Lady Jacqueline Kennedy, and US House of Representative Majority Leader Eric Cantor. There are currently four George Washington University alumni serving in the United States Senate, nine serving in the United States House of Representative, and ten serving as United States Ambassadors.
/m/087z12	Naseeruddin Shah is an Indian film actor and director. He is widely considered to be one of the finest Indian stage and film actors. He is an influential actor of the Indian Parallel Cinema. Shah has won numerous awards in his career, including three National Film Awards, three Filmfare Awards and one Venice Film Festival. The Government of India has honoured him with both the Padma Shri and the Padma Bhushan civilian awards for his contributions to Indian cinema.\nIn 2013, his second Pakistani film Zinda Bhaag was selected as an official entry from Pakistan to the 86th Academy Awards in the category of Best Foreign Language Film. It also won four international awards at International South Asian Film Festival in Canada before released.His contribution of works made him as one of the greatest actor of Indian Cinema particularly known as Bollywood.
/m/01fwf1	Susannah York was an English film, stage and television actress. She was awarded a BAFTA as Best Supporting Actress for They Shoot Horses, Don't They? and was nominated for an Oscar and Golden Globe for the same film. She won best actress for Images at the 1972 Cannes Film Festival. In 1991 she was appointed an Officier de l'Ordre des Arts et des Lettres. Her appearances in various hit films of the 1960s formed the basis of her international reputation, and an obituary in The Telegraph characterised her as \"the blue-eyed English rose with the china-white skin and cupid lips who epitomised the sensuality of the swinging Sixties\".
/m/02rxj	The Eastern Orthodox Church, officially called the Orthodox Catholic Church, and also referred to as the Orthodox Church and Orthodoxy, is the second largest Christian church in the world, with an estimated 225–300 million adherents, primarily in the Balkans, Eastern Europe, and the Middle East. It is the religious affiliation of the majority of the populations of Belarus, Bulgaria, Cyprus, Georgia, Greece, Macedonia, Moldova, Montenegro, Romania, Russia, Serbia, and Ukraine; significant minority populations exist in Bosnia and Herzegovina, Albania, Kazakhstan, Jordan, Palestine, Israel, Lebanon and Syria. It teaches that it is the One, Holy, Catholic and Apostolic Church established by Jesus Christ in his Great Commission to the disciples almost 2,000 years ago.\nThe Church's structure is composed of several self-governing ecclesial bodies, each geographically distinct but unified in theology and worship. Each self-governing body, often but not always encompassing a nation, is shepherded by a Holy Synod whose duty, among other things, is to preserve and teach the apostolic and patristic traditions and related church practices. Like the Catholic Church, Anglican Communion, Assyrian Church of the East, Oriental Orthodoxy and some other churches, Orthodox bishops trace their lineage back to the apostles through the process of apostolic succession.
/m/032nwy	Michael Leonard Brecker was an American jazz saxophonist and composer. Acknowledged as \"a quiet, gentle musician widely regarded as the most influential tenor saxophonist since John Coltrane\", he was awarded 15 Grammy Awards as both performer and composer. He was awarded an Honorary Doctorate from Berklee College of Music in 2004, and was inducted into the Down Beat Jazz Hall of Fame in 2007.
/m/046p9	Jamiroquai are a British funk and acid jazz band formed in 1992. Fronted by lead singer Jay Kay, Jamiroquai were initially the most prominent component in the London-based funk/acid jazz movement, alongside groups such as Incognito, the James Taylor Quartet, and the Brand New Heavies. Subsequent albums have explored other musical directions such as pop, rock, and electronica. Their best known track is \"Virtual Insanity\", which won four awards at the 1997 MTV Video Music Awards. Jamiroquai have sold more than 40 million albums worldwide and won a Grammy Award in 1998.
/m/01dpdh	The Grammy Award for Best Male Country Vocal Performance was awarded between 1965 and 2011. The award has had several minor name changes:\nFrom 1965 to 1967 the award was known as Best Country & Western Vocal Performance - Male\nIn 1968 it was awarded as Best Country & Western Solo Vocal Performance, Male\nFrom 1969 to 1994 it was awarded as Best Country Vocal Performance, Male\nFrom 1995 to 2011 it was awarded as Best Male Country Vocal Performance\nThe award was discontinued after the 2011 awards season in a major overhaul of Grammy categories. From 2012, all solo performances in the country category will be shifted to the newly formed Best Country Solo Performance category.\nYears reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were presented, for works released in the previous year.
/m/0txrs	Salisbury is a city in southeastern Maryland, USA. It is the county seat of Wicomico County and the largest city in the state's Eastern Shore region. The population was 30,343 at the 2010 census. Salisbury is the principal city of the Salisbury, Maryland-Delaware Metropolitan Statistical Area. The city is the commercial hub of the Delmarva Peninsula and is sometimes called \"the Crossroads of Delmarva\".\nSalisbury is located near several major cities: Baltimore 106 miles; Washington, D.C. 119 miles, Philadelphia 128 miles, Norfolk 132 miles, Dover 50 miles, and Wilmington 96 miles.
/m/0557yqh	Parks and Recreation is an American comedy television series on the NBC television network, starring Amy Poehler as Leslie Knope, a perky, mid-level bureaucrat in the parks department of Pawnee, a fictional town in Indiana. Conceived by Greg Daniels and Michael Schur, the series debuted on April 9, 2009 and is currently airing its sixth season, which began on September 26, 2013. The show was renewed for a seventh season by NBC on January 19, 2014. It uses a single-camera, mockumentary filming style, with the implication being that a documentary crew is filming everyone. The ensemble and supporting cast features Amy Poehler, Rashida Jones, Aziz Ansari, Nick Offerman, Aubrey Plaza, Paul Schneider, Chris Pratt, Adam Scott, Rob Lowe, Jim O'Heir, and Retta.\nThe writers researched local California politics for the show, and consulted with urban planners and elected officials. Poehler's character of Leslie Knope underwent minor changes after the first season in response to audience feedback that she seemed unintelligent and \"ditzy\". The writing staff tried to incorporate current events into their episodes, such as a government shutdown in Pawnee inspired by the real-life global financial crisis. Several guest stars have been featured in the show, and these characters often appear in multiple episodes.
/m/0fsyx	The Cure are an English rock band formed in Crawley, West Sussex, in 1976. The band has experienced several line-up changes, with vocalist, guitarist and principal songwriter Robert Smith being the only constant member. The Cure first began releasing music in the late 1970s with its debut album Three Imaginary Boys. Their second single, \"Boys Don't Cry\", became a hit; this, along with several early singles, placed the band as part of the post-punk and new wave movements that had sprung up in the wake of the punk rock revolution in the United Kingdom. During the early 1980s, the band's increasingly dark and tormented music helped form the gothic rock genre.\nAfter the release of 1982's Pornography, the band's future was uncertain and Smith was keen to move past the gloomy reputation his band had acquired. With the single \"Let's Go to Bed\" released the same year, Smith began to place a pop sensibility into the band's music. The Cure's popularity increased as the decade wore on, especially in the United States where the songs \"Just Like Heaven\", \"Lovesong\" and \"Friday I'm in Love\" entered the Billboard Hot 100 chart. By the start of the 1990s, the Cure were one of the most popular alternative rock bands in the world. The band is estimated to have sold 27 million albums as of 2004. The Cure have released thirteen studio albums, ten EPs and over thirty singles during the course of their career.
/m/021yzs	Timothy Simon \"Tim\" Roth is an English actor and film director. He made his film debut in Made in Britain in 1983, and has since appeared in a number of Quentin Tarantino films, including Reservoir Dogs, Pulp Fiction and Four Rooms. Some other notable films include Planet of the Apes, The Incredible Hulk and Rob Roy for which he received an Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actor and won the BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Supporting Role. He also starred as Cal Lightman in the TV series Lie to Me.
/m/06x68	Under the Arch that signifies the Gateway to the American West, the St. Louis Cardinals have provided a Gateway to baseball excellence. From Rickey to La Russa, Hornsby to Musial, McGwire to Pujols, the Cardinals have forged a legacy of winning unmatched in the National League... seventeen pennants (most in the senior circuit), ten World Championships, nine Division Titles and thirty-seven Hall of Famers.
/m/0n5fz	Hudson County, the smallest county in New Jersey and one of the most densely populated in United States, is located on the Hudson River, which creates part of its eastern border. Part of the New York metropolitan area, Jersey City is its largest city and county seat. As of the 2010 United States Census, the county's population was 634,266, an increase of 25,291 from the 608,975 enumerated in the 2000 Census, moving up to become the fourth-most populous county in the state, swapping positions with Monmouth County. Based on data from the 2010 census, Hudson County was the sixth-most densely populated county in the United States, at 13,731.4 per square mile of total area.\nThe county is named for explorer Henry Hudson, namesake of the river.
/m/01skcy	3D Realms is a current video game publisher and former video game developer based in Garland, Texas, United States, established in 1987. It is best known for popularizing the shareware distribution model and as the creator of franchises on the PC such as Duke Nukem, and also the publisher of other franchises such as Commander Keen and Wolfenstein 3D.\nWhile the company is known as \"3D Realms\", the legal name of the company is Apogee Software, Ltd. The name \"3D Realms\" was initially created as a branding label in July 1994 for use by Apogee which would be dedicated to just 3D games. However, shortly after this, 3D games started to dominate the industry, and Apogee decided to direct its focus on this style of game; as such, \"Apogee\" was abandoned as a trade name in late 1996. In July 2008, however, it announced that the brand Apogee Software would be revived with new games, but licensed to an external company, Apogee Software, LLC.
/m/0135p7	St. Joseph is a city in and the county seat of Buchanan County, Missouri, United States. It is the principal city of the St. Joseph Metropolitan Statistical Area, which includes Buchanan, Andrew, and DeKalb counties in Missouri and Doniphan County, Kansas. As of the 2010 census, St. Joseph had a total population of 76,780, making it the eighth largest city in the state, third largest in Northwest Missouri. The metropolitan area had a population of 127,329 in 2010.\nSt. Joseph is located on the Missouri River, but is perhaps best known as the starting point of the Pony Express and the death place of Jesse James. St. Joseph is also home to Missouri Western State University.
/m/01b8d6	SK Brann is a Norwegian football club, founded September 26, 1908, from Bergen. Brann has been in the Norwegian Premier League Tippeligaen since 1987 and play their home matches at Brann Stadion where they had a record-breaking 17,310 in average attendance in the 2007 season. In October 2007, Brann won their first championship since the 1963 season.
/m/02c7tb	Ludhiana is a city and a municipal corporation in Ludhiana district in the Indian state of Punjab. It is the largest city in the state, with an estimated population of 3,487,882 as per Census 2011.The population increases substantially during the harvesting season due to the migration of labourers from eastern states like Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Odisha and Delhi. It has an area of about 310 km². The city stands on the Sutlej River's old bank, 13 km south of its present course. It is a major industrial centre of northern India. Residents of the city may be referred to as Ludhianvis.\nLudhiana is located 100 km west from state capital Chandigarh on NH 95 and is centrally located on National Highway 1 from Indian capital New Delhi to Amritsar, and is well connected to New Delhi by road, frequent train service and by air.
/m/05wgy	Pediatrics is the branch of medicine that deals with the medical care of infants, children, and adolescents, and the age limit usually ranges from birth up to 18. A medical practitioner who specializes in this area is known as a pediatrician, or paediatrician. The word paediatrics and its cognates mean healer of children; they derive from two Greek words: παῖς and ἰατρός.\nIn the United States, a pediatrician is often a primary care physician who specializes in children, whilst in the Commonwealth a paediatrician in paediatrics but generally not as a primary general practitioner.
/m/026cl_m	Time 100 is an annual list of the 100 most influential people in the world assembled by the American news magazine Time. First published in 1999 as the result of a debate among American academics, politicians and journalists, the list is now an annual event. Although appearing on the list is frequently mistaken as an honor, Time makes it clear that entrants are recognized for changing the world, regardless of the consequences of their actions.
/m/06q6jz	An art song is a vocal music composition, usually written for one voice with piano accompaniment, and usually in the classical tradition. By extension, the term \"art song\" is used to refer to the genre of such songs. An art song is most often a musical setting of an independent poem or text, \"intended for the concert repertory\" \"as part of a recital or other relatively formal social occasion\".
/m/0n5fl	Hunterdon County is a county located in the western section of the U.S. state of New Jersey. As of the 2010 United States Census, the population was 128,349, increasing by 6,360 from the 121,989 counted in the 2000 Census, retaining its position as the state's 14th-most populous county; The percentage increase since 2000 was the largest in New Jersey, almost triple the statewide increase of 4.5%, and the absolute increase in residents was the third highest. It is part of the New York Metropolitan Area. Its county seat is Flemington. The Bureau of Economic Analysis ranked the county as having the 19th-highest per capita income of all 3,113 counties in the United States as of 2009.\nIt is part of the Newark-Union, NJ-PA Metropolitan Division of the New York-Northern New Jersey-Long Island, NY-NJ-PA Metropolitan Statistical Area.\nHunterdon County was established on March 11, 1714, separating from Burlington County, at which time it included all of present day Morris, Sussex and Warren counties. The rolling hills and rich soils which produce bountiful agricultural crops drew Native American tribes and then Europeans to the area.
/m/028bs1p	Yunus Parvez was a Bollywood character actor who played supporting roles in over 200 films from the late 1960s to the 2000s.\nHe died on 11 February 2007 at the age of 75. He had been suffering from acute diabetes and was to be taken to a specialty hospital for treatment on the same day he died, according to his family.
/m/0jrxx	Palm Beach County is the second largest county in the state of Florida in total area, behind Monroe County. It also ranks second in land area, with the county being slightly smaller than Collier County. Situated in the Miami metropolitan area and South Florida, Palm Beach County's modern-day boundaries were established in 1963 – from the Atlantic Ocean westward to Hendry County and from the village of Tequesta southward to the Hillsboro Canal at the city limits of Boca Raton. The largest city and county seat is West Palm Beach. Other large cities include Boca Raton, Boynton Beach, Delray Beach, Wellington, and Jupiter. With 1,356,545 residents, Palm Beach County ranks as third in population in the state of Florida, and twenty-eighth most populous in the United States, as of the 2010 Census.\nNamed after one of its oldest settlements, Palm Beach, the county was established in 1909, after being split from Miami-Dade County. The area had been increasing in population since the late 19th century, with the incorporation of West Palm Beach in 1894 and after Henry Flagler extended the Florida East Coast Railway and built the Royal Poinciana Hotel, The Breakers, and Whitehall. In 1928, the Okeechobee hurricane struck West Palm Beach and caused thousands of deaths. Since then, a number of other tropical cyclones have impacted the area. More recently, the county acquired national attention during the 2000 presidential election, when a controversial recount occurred. As of 2004, Palm Beach County is Florida's wealthiest county, with a per capita personal income of $44,518.
/m/01tmng	Berkshire Hathaway Inc. is an American multinational conglomerate holding company headquartered in Omaha, Nebraska, United States, that oversees and manages a number of subsidiary companies. The company wholly owns GEICO, BNSF, Lubrizol, Dairy Queen, Fruit of the Loom, Helzberg Diamonds and NetJets, owns half of Heinz and an undisclosed percentage of Mars, Incorporated and has significant minority holdings in American Express, The Coca-Cola Company, Wells Fargo, and IBM. Berkshire Hathaway averaged an annual growth in book value of 19.7% to its shareholders for the last 48 years, while employing large amounts of capital, and minimal debt.\nThe company is known for its control by investor Warren Buffett, who is the company's chairman, president and CEO, and Charlie Munger, the company's vice-chairman. Buffett has used the \"float\" provided by Berkshire Hathaway's insurance operations to finance his investments. In the early part of his career at Berkshire, he focused on long-term investments in publicly quoted stocks, but more recently he has turned to buying whole companies. Berkshire now owns a diverse range of businesses including confectionery, retail, railroad, home furnishings, encyclopedias, manufacturers of vacuum cleaners, jewelry sales; newspaper publishing; manufacture and distribution of uniforms; as well as several regional electric and gas utilities.
/m/0lkm	April is the fourth month of the year in the Gregorian calendar, the fifth in the early Julian and one of four months with a length of 30 days.\nApril is commonly associated with the season of spring in the Northern hemisphere and autumn in the Southern hemisphere, where it is the seasonal equivalent to October in the Northern hemisphere and vice versa. April is the second rainiest month of the year.\nApril starts on the same day of the week as July in all years, and January in leap years. April ends on the same day of the week as December every year. October of the previous year starts on the same day of the week as April of the current year as a common year and May of the previous year starts on the same day of the week as April of the current year as a leap year. July of the previous year ends on the same day of the week as April of the current year as a leap year and February and October of the previous year ends on the same day of the week as April of the current year as a leap year. In years immediately before common years, April starts on the same day of the week as September and December of the following year and in years immediately before leap years, June of the following year. In years immediately before common years, April ends one the same day of the week as September of the following year and in years immediately before leap years, March and June of the following year.
/m/0dhdp	Leicester is a city and unitary authority in the East Midlands of England, and the county town of Leicestershire. The city lies on the River Soar and at the edge of the National Forest.\nIn the 2011 census, the population of the Leicester unitary authority was 330,000, the highest in the region, whilst 509,000 people lived in the wider Leicester Urban Area, making Leicester the tenth largest city in the United Kingdom and England's eleventh largest urban area. It has the second largest urban area in the East Midlands region. Eurostat's Larger Urban Zone listed the population of Leicester LUZ at 806,100 people as of 2009. According to the 2011 census Leicester had the largest proportion of people aged 19-and-under in the East Midlands with 27 per cent.\n\"Unlike almost every other city in the UK, Leicester has retained a remarkable record of its past in buildings that still stand today\". Ancient Roman pavements and baths remain in Leicester from its early settlement as Ratae Corieltauvorum, a Roman military outpost in a region inhabited by the Celtic Corieltauvi tribe. Following the demise of Roman society the early medieval Ratae Corieltauvorum is shrouded in obscurity, but when the settlement was captured by the Danes it became one of five fortified towns important to the Danelaw. The name \"Leicester\" is thought to derive from the words castra of the \"Ligore\", meaning camp of the dwellers on the Legro. Leicester appears in the Domesday Book as \"Ledecestre\". Leicester continued to grow throughout the Early Modern period as a market town, although it was the Industrial Revolution that facilitated a process of rapid unplanned urbanisation in the area.
/m/03j_q	Haskell is a standardized, general-purpose purely functional programming language, with non-strict semantics and strong static typing. It is named after logician Haskell Curry. In Haskell, \"a function is a first-class citizen\" of the programming language. As a functional programming language, the primary control construct is the function.
/m/011yl_	Shine is a 1996 Australian biographical drama film based on the life of pianist David Helfgott, who suffered a mental breakdown and spent years in institutions. It stars Geoffrey Rush, Lynn Redgrave, Armin Mueller-Stahl, Noah Taylor, John Gielgud, Googie Withers, Justin Braine, Sonia Todd, Nicholas Bell, Chris Haywood and Alex Rafalowicz. The screenplay was written by Jan Sardi, and directed by Scott Hicks. The degree to which the film's plot reflects the true story of Helfgott's life is disputed. The film made its US premiere at the Sundance Film Festival. Geoffrey Rush was awarded the Academy Award for Best Actor in 1997 for his performance in the lead role.
/m/02y_3rt	α-Carotene is a form of carotene with a β-ring at one end and an ε-ring at the opposite end. It is the second most common form of carotene.
/m/06wxw	St. Louis is an independent city and a major United States port on the eastern line of the state of Missouri. As of the 2010 census, the population was 319,294, and a 2012 estimate put the population at 318,172, making it the 58th-largest U.S. city in 2012. The metropolitan St. Louis area, known as Greater St. Louis, is the 19th-largest metropolitan area in the United States with a population of 2,900,605.\nThe city of St. Louis was founded in 1764 by Pierre Laclède and Auguste Chouteau, and named for Louis IX of France. After the Louisiana Purchase, it became a major port on the Mississippi River; in the late 19th century, it became the fourth-largest city in the United States. It seceded from St. Louis County in March 1877, allowing it to become an independent city and limiting its political boundaries. In 1904, it hosted the Louisiana Purchase Exposition and the 1904 Summer Olympics. The city's population peaked in 1950, then began a long decline that continues in the 21st century. Immigration has increased, and it is the center of the largest Bosnian population in the world outside their homeland.\nThe economy of St. Louis relies on service, manufacturing, trade, transportation of goods, and tourism. The city is home to several corporations, including Peabody Energy, Ameren, Ralcorp and Sigma-Aldrich. St. Louis is home to three professional sports teams: the St. Louis Cardinals, one of the most successful Major League Baseball clubs, the St. Louis Blues of the National Hockey League, and the St. Louis Rams of the National Football League. The city is commonly identified with the Gateway Arch, part of the Jefferson National Expansion Memorial in downtown St. Louis.
/m/02_1ky	Loving is an American television soap opera that ran on ABC from June 26, 1983, to November 10, 1995, a total of 3,169 episodes. The serial, set in the fictional town of Corinth, Pennsylvania, was co-created by Agnes Nixon and former actor Douglas Marland.\nThe show was broadcast in France under the title Amoureusement Votre, in Germany as Loving - Wege der Liebe, and in Italy as Quando si ama.
/m/03fghg	Tomoyuki Morikawa is a voice actor.
/m/01y0s9	Nondenominational Christian institutions are those not formally aligned with an established religious denomination, but are historically Protestant, or that remain otherwise officially autonomous. This, however, does not preclude an identifiable standard among such congregations. Nondenominational church congregations may establish a functional denomination by means of mutual recognition of or accountability to other congregations and leaders with commonly held doctrine, policy and worship without formalizing external direction or oversight in such matters. Some nondenominational churches explicitly reject the idea of a formalized denominational structure as a matter of principle, holding that each congregation is better off being autonomous. A 2012 Gallup survey reported that 10% of U.S. adults identify as non-specific Christian.
/m/0pk41	Bonnie Lynn Raitt is an American blues singer-songwriter and slide guitar player. During the 1970s, Raitt released a series of roots-influenced albums which incorporated elements of blues, rock, folk and country. In the 1990s she had a major return to form with the release of her album \"Nick of Time\" after several years of critical acclaim but little commercial success. The following two albums \"Luck of the Draw\" and \"Longing in Their Hearts\" were also multi million sellers generating several hit singles including \"Something to Talk About\", \"Love Sneakin' Up on You\", and the ballad \"I Can't Make You Love Me\". Raitt has received ten Grammy Awards. She is listed as number 50 in Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 100 Greatest Singers of All Time and number 89 on their list of the 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time.
/m/02y_3rf	β-Carotene is a strongly colored red-orange pigment abundant in plants and fruits. It is an organic compound and chemically is classified as a hydrocarbon and specifically as a terpenoid, reflecting its derivation from isoprene units. β-Carotene is biosynthesized from geranylgeranyl pyrophosphate. It is a member of the carotenes, which are tetraterpenes, synthesized biochemically from eight isoprene units and thus having 40 carbons. Among this general class of carotenes, β-carotene is distinguished by having beta-rings at both ends of the molecule. Absorption of β-carotene is enhanced if eaten with fats, as carotenes are fat soluble.\nCarotene is the substance in carrots, pumpkins and sweet potatoes that colors them orange and is the most common form of carotene in plants. When used as a food coloring, it has the E number E160a.p119 The structure was deduced by Karrer et al. in 1930. In nature, β-carotene is a precursor to vitamin A via the action of beta-carotene 15,15'-monooxygenase. Isolation of β-carotene from fruits abundant in carotenoids is commonly done using column chromatography. The separation of β-carotene from the mixture of other carotenoids is based on the polarity of a compound. β-Carotene is a non-polar compound, so it is separated with a non-polar solvent such as hexane. Being highly conjugated, it is deeply colored, and as a hydrocarbon lacking functional groups, it is very lipophilic.
/m/05nwfr	En Avant de Guingamp Cotes d'Armor is a French association football club based in the commune of Guingamp. The club was founded in 1912 and currently play in Ligue 1, the top level of French football, having won promotion from Ligue 2 following the 2012–13 season. Guingamp plays its home matches at the Stade du Roudourou located within the city. The club's status as a professional club is atypical with the club playing in a commune of 7,280 inhabitants, with a stadium capable of holding upwards of 18,000 spectators.\nHowever having remained amateur for a long time, playing within the regional leagues, the club got promoted 3 times under the presidency of Noël Le Graët, who took over in 1972. In 1976, Guingamp reached the Third Division, and the next season went straight into the Second Division, where they stayed until 1993. The club adopted professional status in 1984, and in 1990 the Stade du Roudourou was opened, hosting Paris Saint-Germain in its first match. The club's highest honor to date was winning the Coupe de France in 2009; in the process becoming the second team to win the competition from outside Ligue 1. The team defeated Derby Breton rivals Rennes 2–1 in the final. Aside from the Coupe de France triumph, the club's only other success was winning the 1996 UEFA Intertoto Cup.
/m/02_1kl	Ryan's Hope is an American soap opera created by Claire Labine and Paul Avila Mayer, originally airing for 13 years on ABC from July 7, 1975 to January 13, 1989. It revolved around the trials and tribulations within a large Irish-American family in the Riverside district of New York City.
/m/0dmtp	Cisco (NASDAQ: CSCO) enables people to make powerful connections-whether in business, education, philanthropy, or creativity. Cisco hardware, software, and service offerings are used to create the Internet solutions that make networks possible-providing easy access to information anywhere, at any time.Cisco was founded in 1984 by a small group of computer scientists from Stanford University. Since the company's inception, Cisco engineers have been leaders in the development of Internet Protocol (IP)-based networking technologies.
/m/05xpms	Melora Diane Hardin is an American actress, known for her roles as Jan Levenson on NBC's The Office and Trudy Monk on USA's Monk.
/m/01gz9n	Arthur Freed was born Arthur Grossman in Charleston, South Carolina. He was a Jewish American lyricist and a Hollywood film producer.
/m/01sg7_	Allen Ezail Iverson, nicknamed A.I. and The Answer, is a former American professional basketball player. He played both the point guard and shooting guard positions. Iverson attended Bethel High School in Hampton, Virginia and was a dual-sport athlete; he earned the Associated Press High School Player of the Year award in both football and basketball, and won the Division AAA Virginia state championship in both sports. After high school, Iverson attended Georgetown University for two years, where he set the school record for career scoring average and won Big East Defensive Player of the Year awards both years.\nFollowing two successful years at Georgetown, Iverson declared eligibility for the 1996 NBA Draft, and was selected by the Philadelphia 76ers with the number one pick. He was named the NBA Rookie of the Year in the 1996–97 season. Iverson was an eleven-time NBA All-Star and won the All-Star MVP award in 2001 and 2005.\nWinning the NBA scoring title during the 1998–99, 2000–01, 2001–02 and 2004–05 seasons, Iverson was one of the most prolific scorers in NBA history, despite his small stature. His regular season career scoring average of 26.7 points per game ranks sixth all-time, and his playoff career scoring average of 29.7 points per game is second only to Michael Jordan. Iverson was also the NBA Most Valuable Player of the 2000–01 season and led his team to the 2001 NBA Finals the same season. Iverson represented the United States at the 2004 Summer Olympics, winning the bronze medal. He also played for the Denver Nuggets, Detroit Pistons and the Memphis Grizzlies, before ending his NBA career with the 76ers during the 2009–10 season.
/m/0jqn5	E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial is a 1982 American science fiction film coproduced and directed by Steven Spielberg and written by Melissa Mathison, starring Henry Thomas, Dee Wallace, Robert MacNaughton, Drew Barrymore, and Peter Coyote. It tells the story of Elliott, a lonely boy who befriends an extraterrestrial, dubbed \"E.T.\", who is stranded on Earth. Elliott and his siblings help it return home while attempting to keep it hidden from their mother and the government.\nThe concept for the film was based on an imaginary friend Spielberg created after his parents' divorce in 1960. In 1980, Spielberg met Mathison and developed a new story from the stalled science fiction/horror film project Night Skies. It was shot from September to December 1981 in California on a budget of US$10.5 million. Unlike most motion pictures, it was shot in roughly chronological order, to facilitate convincing emotional performances from the young cast.\nReleased by Universal Pictures, the film was a blockbuster, surpassing Star Wars to become the highest-grossing film of all time — a record it held for ten years until Jurassic Park, another Spielberg-directed film, surpassed it in 1993. Critics acclaimed it as a timeless story of friendship, and it ranks as the greatest science fiction film ever made in a Rotten Tomatoes survey. The film was re-released in 1985, and then again in 2002 to celebrate its 20th anniversary, with altered shots and additional scenes.
/m/039n1	Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel was a German philosopher, and a major figure in German Idealism. His historicist and idealist account of reality revolutionized European philosophy and was an important precursor to Continental philosophy and Marxism.\nHegel developed a comprehensive philosophical framework, or \"system\", of absolute idealism to account in an integrated and developmental way for the relation of mind and nature, the subject and object of knowledge, psychology, the state, history, art, religion, and philosophy. In particular, he developed the concept that mind or spirit manifested itself in a set of contradictions and oppositions that it ultimately integrated and united, without eliminating either pole or reducing one to the other. Examples of such contradictions include those between nature and freedom, and between immanence and transcendence.\nHegel influenced writers of widely varying positions, including both his admirers and his detractors. Karl Barth compared Hegel to a \"Protestant Aquinas\". Maurice Merleau-Ponty wrote, \"All the great philosophical ideas of the past century—the philosophies of Marx and Nietzsche, phenomenology, German existentialism, and psychoanalysis—had their beginnings in Hegel...\". Michel Foucault has contended that contemporary philosophers may be \"doomed to find Hegel waiting patiently at the end of whatever road we travel\". Hegel's influential conceptions are those of speculative logic or \"dialectic\", \"absolute idealism\". They include \"Geist\", negativity, sublation, the \"Master/Slave\" dialectic, \"ethical life\" and the importance of history.
/m/02q1tc5	The Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Drama Series Writing Team is an award presented annually by the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences and Academy of Television Arts & Sciences. It was first awarded at the 1st Daytime Emmy Awards ceremony, held in 1974 and it is given to honored the performances of the entire writing team participating in a form of a daytime drama. The award was previously called Outstanding Writing for a Drama Series between 1974 and 1986, where the category had various names and honored different members of the writing team. Therefore, since then, the category began to start using its current title years. The Emmy was named after an \"Immy,\" an affectionate term used to refer to the image orthicon camera tube. The statuette was designed by Louis McManus, who modeled the award after his wife, Dorothy. The Emmy statuette is fifteen inches tall from base to tip, weighs five pounds and is composed of iron, pewter, zinc and gold.\nThe Young and the Restless and General Hospital holds the record for the most awards, winning on five occasions. The Young and the Restless has also received the most nominations, with a total of twenty-three. ABC has been the network the most successful, with a total of nineteen wins. In 1997, All My Children and The Young and the Restless tied, which was the first tie in this category. The Bold and the Beautiful is the most recent recipient of the award, having won in 2013.
/m/04bbv7	Johnny Yong Bosch is an American actor, voice actor, and musician. He is known for portraying Adam Park in Mighty Morphin Power Rangers. He provides English voices for a number of anime productions and video games, including Ichigo Kurosaki in Bleach, Itsuki Koizumi in The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya, Vash the Stampede in Trigun and Lelouch Lamperouge in Code Geass: Lelouch of the Rebellion He is the lead singer in the band Eyeshine.
/m/05ccxr	Carl Davis is a conductor and composer.
/m/0kr7k	Shigeru Miyamoto is a Japanese video game designer and producer. Sometimes called \"the father of modern video gaming,\" he is best known as the creator of some of the best-selling, most critically acclaimed, most enduring, and most influential games and franchises of all time.\nMiyamoto joined Nintendo in 1977, when the company was beginning its foray into video games and starting to abandon the playing cards it had made starting in 1889. His games have been seen on every Nintendo video game console, with his earliest work appearing on arcade machines. Franchises Miyamoto has created include Mario, Donkey Kong, The Legend of Zelda, Star Fox, F-Zero, Pikmin, and the Wii series. Noteworthy games include Super Mario Bros., one of the most famous sidescrolling platformers; Super Mario 64, an early example of 3D control schemes; The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time, which is considered one of the greatest games ever made; and Wii Sports, the best-selling game of all time. He currently manages the Nintendo Entertainment Analysis and Development branch, which handles many of Nintendo's top-selling titles.
/m/03gr7w	Brad Douglas Paisley is an American singer-songwriter and musician. His songs are frequently laced with humor and pop culture references.\nPaisley was the 2008 CMA and ACM Male Vocalist of the Year winner. Starting with the release of his 1999 album Who Needs Pictures, Paisley has recorded nine studio albums and a Christmas compilation on the Arista Nashville label, with all of his albums certified gold or higher by the RIAA. In addition, as of 2013 he has scored 32 Top 10 singles on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Songs chart, 18 of which have reached No. 1 with a record 10 consecutive singles reaching the top spot on the chart. On November 10, 2010, Paisley won the Entertainer of the Year award at the 44th annual CMA Awards.
/m/0psss	Charlotte Lucy Gainsbourg is an Anglo-French actress and singer. She is the daughter of English actress Jane Birkin and French singer and songwriter Serge Gainsbourg. After making her musical debut with her father on the song \"Lemon Incest\" at the age of twelve she released an album with her father at the age of fifteen. More than twenty years passed before she released three albums as an adult to commercial and critical success. Gainsbourg has also appeared in many films, including several directed by Lars von Trier, and has received both a César Award and the Cannes Film Festival Best Actress Award.
/m/0h30_	Northampton is a large town, borough, non-metropolitan district and the county town of Northamptonshire in the East Midlands region of England. It lies on the River Nene, situated about 67 miles north-west of London and around 50 miles south-east of Birmingham. With a population of 212,100 recorded in the 2011 census, Northampton is one of the largest urban centres in the UK without city status and is the most populous non-metropolitan district of England.\nArchaeological evidence of settlement in the area dates back to the Bronze Age, Roman and Anglo-Saxon periods. During the Middle Ages, the town rose to national significance with the establishment of Northampton Castle, which was an occasional royal residence and regularly hosted the Parliament of England. Medieval Northampton had many churches, monasteries and the University of Northampton, which were all enclosed by the town walls. It was granted its first town charter by King Richard I in 1189 and its first mayor was appointed by King John in 1215. The town is also the site of two medieval battles; the Battle of Northampton and the second in 1460.\nNorthampton's royal connection languished in the modern period; the town supported Parliament in the English Civil War, which culminated in King Charles II ordering the destruction of the town walls and most of the castle. The town also suffered the Great Fire of Northampton which destroyed most of the town. It was soon rebuilt and grew rapidly with the industrial development of the 18th century. Northampton continued to grow following the creation of the Grand Union Canal and the arrival of the railways in the 19th century, becoming an industrial centre for footwear and leather manufacture.
/m/01wqflx	Eddie Vedder is an American musician and singer-songwriter who is best known for being the lead vocalist and one of three guitarists of the alternative rock band Pearl Jam. Known for his powerful vocals, he has been ranked at #7 on a list of \"Best Lead Singers of All Time\", compiled by Rolling Stone. He is also involved in soundtrack work and contributes to albums by other artists. In 2007, Vedder released his first solo album as a soundtrack for the film Into the Wild. His second album, Ukulele Songs, along with a live DVD titled Water on the Road, was released on 31 May 2011.
/m/033cnk	Eggs are laid by female animals of many different species, including birds, reptiles, amphibians, and fish, and have been eaten by humans for thousands of years. Bird and reptile eggs consist of a protective eggshell, albumen, and vitellus, contained within various thin membranes. Popular choices for egg consumption are chicken, duck, quail, roe, and caviar, but the egg most often consumed by humans is the chicken egg, by a wide margin.\nEgg yolks and whole eggs store significant amounts of protein and choline, and are widely used in cookery. Due to their protein content, the United States Department of Agriculture categorizes eggs as Meats within the Food Guide Pyramid. Despite the nutritional value of eggs, there are some potential health issues arising from egg quality, storage, and individual allergies.\nChickens and other egg-laying creatures are widely kept throughout the world, and mass production of chicken eggs is a global industry. In 2009, an estimated 62.1 million metric tons of eggs were produced worldwide from a total laying flock of approximately 6.4 billion hens. There are issues of regional variation in demand and expectation, as well as current debates concerning methods of mass production. The European Union recently bannned battery husbandry of chickens.
/m/02sf_r	Point Guard ist der \"Spielmacher\" im Basketball
/m/01jx9	Blizzard Entertainment, Inc. is an American video game developer and publisher founded on February 8, 1991, under the name Silicon & Synapse by three graduates of UCLA, Michael Morhaime, Allen Adham and Frank Pearce and is currently a subsidiary of American company Activision Blizzard. Based in Irvine, California, the company originally concentrated primarily on the creation of game ports for other studios before beginning development of their own software in 1993 with the development of games like Rock n' Roll Racing and The Lost Vikings. In 1994 the company became Blizzard Entertainment, Inc. before being acquired by distributor Davidson & Associates and later by Vivendi. Shortly thereafter, Blizzard shipped their breakthrough hit Warcraft: Orcs & Humans. Blizzard went on to create several successful video games, including the Warcraft sequels, StarCraft, and Diablo series, and the MMORPG World of Warcraft. Their most recent projects include Diablo III, World of Warcraft's fourth expansion, Mists of Pandaria, and the first expansion of StarCraft II, Heart of the Swarm.\nOn July 9, 2008, Activision officially merged with Vivendi Games, culminating in the inclusion of the Blizzard brand name in the title of the resulting holding company. On July 25, 2013, Activision Blizzard announced the purchase of 429 million shares from owner Vivendi. As a result, Activision Blizzard became an independent company. Blizzard Entertainment offers events to meet players and to announce games: the BlizzCon in California, United States, and the Blizzard Worldwide Invitational in other countries, such as Paris, France and Seoul, South Korea.
/m/040z9	John Uhler \"Jack\" Lemmon III was an Academy award winning American actor and musician. He starred in more than 60 films, including Some Like It Hot, The Apartment, Mister Roberts, Days of Wine and Roses, The Great Race, Irma la Douce, The Odd Couple, Save the Tiger, The Out-of-Towners, The China Syndrome, Missing, Glengarry Glen Ross, Grumpy Old Men, and Grumpier Old Men.
/m/0kv2hv	Norbit is a 2007 American romantic comedy film directed by Brian Robbins and starring Eddie Murphy and Thandie Newton. Produced by Davis Entertainment and Tollin/Robbins Productions, the film also stars Terry Crews, Clifton Powell, Lester \"Rasta\" Speight, Eddie Griffin, Katt Williams, Marlon Wayans, and Cuba Gooding, Jr. It was released by DreamWorks and distributed by Paramount Pictures on February 9, 2007.\nThe film was nominated for an Academy Award in make-up, and also multiple \"wins\" at the 2007 Golden Raspberry Awards. Though it was negatively received by critics, the film was a commercial success.
/m/09rdns	Marvel vs. Capcom 2: New Age of Heroes is a 2000 fighting game developed and published by Capcom. It is the fourth game in the Marvel vs. Capcom series. With the fourth installment, Capcom simplified the controls to make the gameplay more accessible for casual players and the button configuration was trimmed down to four main buttons and two assist buttons. The game also features a different air-combo system and 3-on-3 tag, compared to the 2-on-2 tag from previous games in the series.\nThe original arcade release of Marvel vs. Capcom 2 is the only game in the series to use the NAOMI arcade platform. Though the character artwork feature traditional 2D animated sprites, the fighting arena and many effects animations are 3D polygon based. This was the first Marvel vs. Capcom game without character-specific endings, as one will get the same ending regardless of the characters one uses or how quickly one defeats the final opponent.
/m/0j7ng	Newcastle upon Tyne, commonly known as Newcastle, is a city and metropolitan borough in Tyne and Wear, North East England. Historically part of Northumberland, it is situated on the north bank of the River Tyne centred 8.5 mi from the North Sea. The city grew up in the area that was the location of the Roman settlement called Pons Aelius, though it owes its name to the castle built in 1080, by Robert, Duke of Normandy, \"Curthose\", William the Conqueror's eldest son. The city grew as an important centre for the wool trade and it later became a major coal mining area. The port developed in the 16th century and, along with the shipyards lower down the river, was amongst the world's largest shipbuilding and ship-repairing centres. Newcastle's economy includes corporate headquarters, learning, digital technology, retail, tourism and cultural centres.\nAmong its main icons are Newcastle Brown Ale, a leading brand of beer, Newcastle United F.C., a Premier League team, and the Tyne Bridge. It has hosted the world's most popular half marathon, the Great North Run, since it began in 1981.\nThe city is at the urban core of the Tyneside conurbation, which is the seventh most populous conurbation in the United Kingdom and the largest in the North East region. Newcastle is a member of the English Core Cities Group and with Gateshead the Eurocities network of European cities.
/m/03f22dp	Ashok Kumar, also fondly called Dadamoni in Bengali, was an Indian film actor. Born Kumudlal Ganguly in Bhagalpur, Bengal Presidency, he attained iconic status in Indian cinema. The Government of India honoured him with the Dadasaheb Phalke Award in 1988 and the Padma Bhushan in 1998 for his contributions to Indian cinema.
/m/02f764	The MTV Video Music Award for Best R&B Video was first awarded in 1993, and was given every year until 2006, as the following year MTV revammped the VMAs and eliminated all of the genre categories. The following year, though, when MTV returned the VIdeo Music Awards to their previous format, Best R&B Video did not return despite four other genre awards doing so. Now, R&B artists and videos are instead eligible for nominations in Best Hip-Hop Video, and possibly Best Pop Video. Beyoncé is the biggest winner of this award, having won it four times: twice with Destiny's Child and twice as a solo artist.
/m/01dthg	The University of Birmingham is the original British red brick university located in the city of Birmingham, United Kingdom. It received its royal charter in 1900 as a successor to Birmingham Medical School and Mason Science College. Birmingham was the first red brick university to gain a charter and thus university status. It is a founding member of both the Russell Group of British research universities and the international grouping of research universities, Universitas 21.\nThe student population includes around 17,000 undergraduate and 9,000 postgraduate students, making the 11th largest in the UK. University of Birmingham was ranked 10th in the UK and 62nd in the world by QS World University Rankings in 2013. The annual income of the institution for 2010–11 was £470.7 million, with an expenditure of £443.7 million. The University was named University of the Year in 2013.\nThe University is home to the Barber Institute of Fine Arts, housing works by Van Gogh, Picasso and Monet, the Lapworth Museum of Geology, and the Joseph Chamberlain Memorial Clock Tower, which is a prominent landmark visible from many parts of the city. Birmingham's sport activities have been consistently ranked within the top three in British Universities competitions for the past 15 years. Alumni include former British Prime Ministers Neville Chamberlain and Stanley Baldwin, foreign heads of state and government, royalty, and eight Nobel laureates.
/m/02w9sd7	The National Society of Film Critics Award for Best Actor is an annual award given by the National Society of Film Critics to honor the best leading actor of the year.
/m/04zwtdy	Elie Samaha is a nightclub owner, real estate entrepreneur, and film producer in Los Angeles, with production credits beginning with The Immortals in 1995. Samaha has produced over 83 works, primarily films along with some video games. The only award he has won was a Worst Picture Razzie, which he shared with John Travolta and Jonathan D. Krane, for Battlefield Earth: A Saga of the Year 3000.\nFrom 1998 to 2004, Samaha produced films under the Franchise Pictures studio title, which included films such as Battlefield Earth.\nSamaha specialized in rescuing stars' pet projects. Franchise sought out stars whose projects were stalled at the major studios, bringing them aboard at reduced salaries. Samaha's approach made waves in Hollywood, earning him a reputation of being able to produce star vehicles more cheaply than the larger studios. His unorthodox deals raised eyebrows and the entertainment industry magazine Variety commented that they were \"often so complex and variable as to leave outsiders scratching their heads\". As Samaha put it, \"I said, 'If John [Travolta] wants to make this movie, what does he want to get paid?' ... Because I do not pay anybody what they make. That is not my business plan.\"
/m/019vv1	Charterhouse, originally The Hospital of King James and Thomas Sutton in Charterhouse, or more simply House, is an English collegiate independent boarding school situated at Godalming in Surrey.\nFounded by Thomas Sutton in London in 1611 on the site of the old Carthusian monastery in Charterhouse Square, Smithfield, it is one of the original nine English public schools as defined by the Public Schools Act 1868 which derived from the Clarendon Commission of 1864. Today pupils at Charterhouse are still referred to as Carthusians, and ex-pupils as Old Carthusians or OCs.
/m/02x1z2s	The Satellite Award for Best Animated or Mixed Media Feature is an annual Satellite Award given by the International Press Academy.
/m/05kcgsf	The 1965 Major League Baseball season. The Houston Colt .45s became the Astros, as they moved from Colts Stadium to the new Astrodome, becoming the first team to play their home games indoors, rather than outdoors. It was also the final season for the Braves in Milwaukee, before relocating to Atlanta for the 1966 season. The Los Angeles Angels officially changed their named to California Angels in advance of their pending 1966 move to a new stadium in Anaheim.
/m/011pcj	Dumfries and Galloway is one of 32 unitary council areas of Scotland and is located in the western Southern Uplands. It comprises the historic counties of Dumfriesshire, Kirkcudbrightshire and Wigtownshire, the latter two of which are known as Galloway. The administrative centre is the town of Dumfries.\nFollowing the 1975 reorganisation of local government in Scotland, the three counties were joined to form a single region of Dumfries and Galloway, with four districts within it. Since the Local Government etc. Act 1994, however, it has become a unitary local authority. For lieutenancy purposes, the historic counties are largely maintained with its three lieutenancy areas being Dumfries, Wigtown and the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright.\nTo the north, Dumfries and Galloway borders East Ayrshire, South Ayrshire and South Lanarkshire; in the east the Borders; and to the south the county of Cumbria in England and the Solway Firth. And to the west lies the Irish Sea.\nThe region is well known for its many artists and writers.
/m/01kmd4	Kobe Bean Bryant, nicknamed the \"Black Mamba\", is an American professional basketball player for the Los Angeles Lakers of the National Basketball Association. He entered the NBA directly from high school, and has played for the Lakers his entire career, winning five NBA championships. Bryant is a 16-time All-Star, 15-time member of the All-NBA Team, and 12-time member of the All-Defensive team. As of March 2013, he ranks third and fourth on the league's all-time postseason scoring and all-time regular season scoring lists, respectively.\nBryant enjoyed a successful high school basketball career at Lower Merion High School, where he was recognized as the top high school basketball player in the country. He declared his eligibility for the NBA Draft upon graduation, and was selected with the 13th overall pick in the 1996 NBA Draft by the Charlotte Hornets, then traded to the Los Angeles Lakers. As a rookie, Bryant earned himself a reputation as a high-flyer and a fan favorite by winning the 1997 Slam Dunk Contest.\nBryant and Shaquille O'Neal led the Lakers to three consecutive championships from 2000 to 2002. A heated feud between the duo and a loss in the 2004 NBA Finals was followed by O'Neal's trade from the Lakers after the 2003–04 season. Following O'Neal's departure Bryant became the cornerstone of the Los Angeles Lakers franchise. He led the NBA in scoring during the 2005–06 and 2006–07 seasons, setting numerous scoring records in the process. In 2006, Bryant scored a career-high 81 points against the Toronto Raptors, the second most points scored in a single game in NBA history, second only to Wilt Chamberlain's 100-point game in 1962. He was awarded the regular season's Most Valuable Player Award in 2008. After losing in the 2008 NBA Finals, Bryant led the Lakers to two consecutive championships in 2009 and 2010, earning the NBA Finals MVP Award on both occasions.
/m/02g8h	Denis Colin Leary is an American actor, comedian, writer, director and film producer. He is known for his biting and fast-paced comedic style. He was the star and co-creator of the television show Rescue Me, which ended its seventh and final season on September 7, 2011. He has starred in many motion pictures, most recently as Captain George Stacy in Marc Webb's 2012 film The Amazing Spider-Man and the voice of Diego in the animated Ice Age series.
/m/070yzk	Justin Paul Theroux is an American actor, director and screenwriter. He is best known for his work with film director David Lynch, appearing in two of his films, Mulholland Drive and Inland Empire. He is also known as a screenwriter for films such as Tropic Thunder, Iron Man 2, and Rock of Ages. Theroux has been announced as the director of Zoolander 2.
/m/091rc5	The Santa Clause 3: The Escape Clause is a 2006 American fantasy comedy film directed by Michael Lembeck. It is the third and final installment in The Santa Clause trilogy following The Santa Clause 2. The film stars Tim Allen returning as Scott Calvin/Santa Claus and Martin Short as Jack Frost. Allen and Short had previously worked together in the 1997 Disney comedy feature film, Jungle 2 Jungle. Eric Lloyd returns in a smaller role as Santa's son Charlie, as do many of the supporting actors from the first two films, reprising their previous roles. However, David Krumholtz, who previously played Bernard the Arch-elf, does not appear in this one because of contractual issues, and so Curtis, who was previously the Assistant Head Elf, has now been promoted to his former position.\nThis was Peter Boyle's final film to be released before he died from cancer one month after its release. The 2008 film All Roads Lead Home would be released posthumously.\nProduction was completed in February 2006. The movie was released in theaters on November 3, 2006 in the US followed by a release date of November 24 for the UK.\nThe DVD and Blu-ray were released on November 20, 2007 in the U.S. and November 12, 2007 for the UK.
/m/02779r4	Mark Johnson is an American film producer. Johnson won the Best Picture Academy Award for producing the 1988 drama movie Rain Man, starring Dustin Hoffman and Tom Cruise. The film, winner of four Oscars, also captured a Golden Globe as Best Picture.
/m/0161c2	Avril Ramona Lavigne is a Canadian and French singer-songwriter. She was born in Belleville, Ontario, and spent most of her youth in the town of Napanee. By the age of 15, she had appeared on stage with Shania Twain; by 16, she had signed a two-album recording contract with Arista Records worth more than $2 million. In 2002, when she was 17 years old, Lavigne broke onto the music scene with her debut album Let Go. Since her professional debut she has sold more than 30 million albums and over 50 million singles worldwide.\nLet Go made Lavigne the youngest female soloist to reach number 1 in the UK. As of 2013, it has sold nearly 7 million copies in the United States and over 17 million copies worldwide. Her breakthrough single, \"Complicated\", peaked at number 1 in many countries around the world, as did the album Let Go. Her second album, Under My Skin, was released in May 2004 and was her first album to peak at number 1 on the U.S. Billboard 200, eventually selling more than 10 million copies worldwide. The Best Damn Thing, Lavigne’s third album, was released in 2007, becoming her third number 1 album in the UK Albums Chart and featuring her first U.S. Billboard Hot 100 number 1 single, \"Girlfriend\". Lavigne has scored six number-one singles worldwide, including \"Complicated\", \"Sk8er Boi\", \"I'm with You\", \"My Happy Ending\", \"Nobody's Home\", and \"Girlfriend\". Lavigne is one of the top-selling artists releasing albums in the U.S., with over 11 million copies certified by the RIAA. Her fourth studio album, Goodbye Lullaby, was released in March 2011. Goodbye Lullaby gave Lavigne her fourth top 10 album on the U.S. Billboard 200 and the UK Albums Chart and her third number 1 album in both Japan and Australia. Three months after the release of Goodbye Lullaby, Lavigne began work on her eponymous titled fifth studio album, which was released by Epic Records on 1 November 2013 following her departure from RCA Records.
/m/0h3bn	Dysentery is an inflammatory disorder of the intestine, especially of the colon, that results in severe diarrhea containing blood and mucus in the feces with fever, abdominal pain, and rectal tenesmus, caused by any kind of infection. It is a type of gastroenteritis.
/m/0487c3	Jason Andre Davis Roberts MBE is a professional footballer who plays as a striker for Reading.\nBorn in Park Royal, London, Roberts was playing football from an early age, and spent time in the youth academies at several professional clubs, but was not retained. After a spell in non-league football with Hayes, he joined Wolverhampton Wanderers in 1997. He failed to make a first-team appearance for Wolves, and had loan spells at Torquay United and Bristol City before signing for Bristol Rovers in 1998. He quickly established himself in the first team, scoring 38 goals in his two seasons at the club.\nAfter the club failed to gain promotion, Roberts handed in a transfer request and was sold to West Bromwich Albion in July 2000. His goals helped the team reach the First Division play-offs in his first season at the club. West Brom then won promotion to the Premier League in the following season. Roberts scored three goals in his first Premier League season as the club were relegated back down to the First Division. He was loaned out to Portsmouth at the start of the 2003–04 season, and was then sold to Wigan Athletic in January 2004. Roberts went on to score 21 goals in Wigan's promotion-winning campaign in the 2004–05 season, and won the club's Player of the Year award at the end of the season. His goals in the following season helped the club finish tenth in its inaugural Premier League campaign, as well as taking the team to the 2006 Football League Cup Final at the Millennium Stadium – the club's first ever major cup final.
/m/03pbf	Hanover or Hannover, on the river Leine, is the capital of the federal state of Lower Saxony, Germany and was once by personal union the family seat of the Hanoverian Kings of Great Britain, under their title as the dukes of Brunswick-Lüneburg. At the end of the Napoleonic Wars, the Electorate was enlarged to become the capital of the Kingdom of Hanover. Hanover is located 177 miles west of Berlin, 94 miles south of Hamburg, 392 miles north of Munich, and 85 miles east of Osnabrück.\nFrom 1868 to 1946 Hanover was the capital of the Prussian Province of Hanover and also of the Hanover administrative region until that was abolished in 2005. It is now the capital of the Land of Lower Saxony. Since 2001 it is part of the Hanover district, which is a municipal body made up from the former district and city of Hanover.\nWith a population of 509,485 the city is a major centre of northern Germany, known for hosting annual commercial trade fairs such as the Hanover Fair and the CeBIT. Every year Hanover hosts the Schützenfest Hannover, the world's largest marksmen's festival, and the Oktoberfest Hannover, the second largest Oktoberfest in the world. In 2000, Hanover hosted the world fair Expo 2000. The Hanover fairground, due to numerous extensions, especially for the Expo 2000, is the largest in the world. Hanover is also of national importance because of its universities and medical school, its international airport, and its large zoo. The city is also a major crossing point of railway lines and highways, connecting European main lines in east-west-direction and north-south-direction.
/m/0ckt6	Airplane! is a 1980 American satirical comedy film directed and written by David Zucker, Jim Abrahams, and Jerry Zucker and released by Paramount Pictures. It stars Robert Hays and Julie Hagerty and features Leslie Nielsen, Robert Stack, Lloyd Bridges, Peter Graves, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, and Lorna Patterson. The film is a parody of the disaster film genre, particularly the 1957 Paramount film Zero Hour!, from which it borrows the plot and the central characters, as well as many elements from Airport 1975. The film is known for its use of absurd and fast-paced slapstick comedy, including visual and verbal puns and gags.\nAirplane! was a financial success, grossing over US$83 million in North America alone, against a budget of just $3.5 million. The film's creators received the Writers Guild of America Award for Best Adapted Comedy, and nominations for the Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy and a BAFTA Award for Best Screenplay.\nIn the years since its release, Airplane!'s reputation has grown substantially. The film was voted the 10th-funniest American comedy on AFI's 100 Years... 100 Laughs list in 2000, and ranked sixth on Bravo's 100 Funniest Movies. In a 2007 survey by Channel 4 in the United Kingdom, it was judged the second greatest comedy film of all time.
/m/0bvg70	Jonathan Murray is an American television producer and co-creator of MTV's The Real World, Road Rules, and the Oxygen Network's The Bad Girls Club.
/m/03b8gh	Metropolis Records is a Philadelphia, Pennsylvania based record label, distributor, and mail-order store specializing in the post-industrial field such as electro-industrial, synthpop, futurepop, darkwave, and gothic musical genres.\nMetropolis started business as a retail record store under the name of \"Digital Underground.\" Metropolis began signing acts as a record label in 1995, with groups such as Mentallo and the Fixer, Numb, and Front Line Assembly. It has arranged for its bands to tour together such as Numb and Front Line Assembly together in 1996, and Project Pitchfork and Front 242 in 1998. It also established extensive distribution channels to a variety of commercial channels, providing access to major commercial markets for typically niche-interest groups. By the late 1990s it had become the dominant specialty record label in North America for electro-industrial. Several groups once signed on Wax Trax! Records later released on Metropolis, including Front Line Assembly, Front 242, KMFDM, Doubting Thomas, PIG, Noise Unit, VNV Nation and Assemblage 23.\nThough no longer a distributor, record labels distributed through Metropolis included A Different Drum, Alfa Matrix, Cleopatra, Nilaihah, KMFDM, Projekt, Strange Ways, DSBP, and WTII.
/m/01stzp	The Humboldt University of Berlin is one of Berlin's oldest universities, founded in 1810 as the University of Berlin by the liberal Prussian educational reformer and linguist Wilhelm von Humboldt, whose university model has strongly influenced other European and Western universities. From 1828 it was known as the Frederick William University, and later also as the Universität unter den Linden after its location. In 1949, it changed its name to Humboldt-Universität in honour of both its founder Wilhelm and his brother, geographer Alexander von Humboldt. In 2012, the Humboldt University of Berlin was one of eleven German top-universities to win in the German Universities Excellence Initiative, a national competition for universities organized by the German Federal Government.
/m/034ls	George Herbert Walker Bush is an American politician who served as the 41st President of the United States. A Republican, he had previously served as the 43rd Vice President of the United States, a congressman, an ambassador, and Director of Central Intelligence. He is the oldest former President and Vice President, and the last former President who is a veteran of World War II. Bush is often referred to as \"George H. W. Bush\", \"Bush 41\", \"Bush the Elder\", Bush I, or \"George Bush, Sr.\" to distinguish him from his son, former President George W. Bush. Prior to his son's fame or notability, he was widely known simply as George Bush.\nBush was born in Milton, Massachusetts, to Senator Prescott Bush and Dorothy Walker Bush. Following the attack on Pearl Harbor in 1941, Bush postponed college, enlisted in the U.S. Navy on his 18th birthday, and became the youngest aviator in the U.S. Navy at the time. He served until the end of the war, then attended Yale University. Graduating in 1948, he moved his family to West Texas and entered the oil business, becoming a millionaire by the age of 40.\nHe became involved in politics soon after founding his own oil company, serving as a member of the House of Representatives and Director of Central Intelligence, among other positions. He failed to win the Republican nomination for President in 1980, but was chosen by party nominee Ronald Reagan to be his running mate, and the two were elected. During his tenure, Bush headed administration task forces on deregulation and fighting the \"War on Drugs\".
/m/09w6br	The Polar Express is a 2004 motion capture computer-animated Christmas fantasy film based on the children's book of the same title by Chris Van Allsburg. Written, produced, and directed by Robert Zemeckis, the film featured human characters animated using live action performance capture technique, with the exception of the dancing waiters who dispense hot chocolate on the train, because their feats were impossible for live actors to achieve. The film stars Daryl Sabara, Nona Gaye, Jimmy Bennett, and Eddie Deezen, with Tom Hanks in six distinct roles. The film also included a performance by Tinashe at age 9, who later gained exposure as a pop singer in 2010, as the CGI-model for the female protagonist. The film was produced by Castle Rock Entertainment in association with Shangri-La Entertainment, ImageMovers, Playtone and Golden Mean, for Warner Bros. Pictures. The visual effects and performance capture were done at Sony Pictures Imageworks. The studio first released the $165 million film in both conventional and IMAX 3D theaters on November 10, 2004. The Polar Express is listed in the Guinness World Book of Records in 2006 as the first all-digital capture film.\nThis was Michael Jeter's last acting role, and the film was dedicated to his memory.
/m/0ftyc	Topeka is the capital city of the State of Kansas and the county seat of Shawnee County. It is situated along the Kansas River in the central part of Shawnee County, located in northeast Kansas, in the Central United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 127,473. The Topeka Metropolitan Statistical Area, which includes Shawnee, Jackson, Jefferson, Osage, and Wabaunsee counties, had an population of 233,870 in the 2010 census. The city is well known for the landmark United States Supreme Court case Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka, which overturned Plessy vs. Ferguson and declared segregation in public schools on account of race to be unconstitutional. Three ships of the US Navy have been named USS Topeka in honor of the city.\nThe meaning of Topeka is unknown and unrecorded. It is believed to be from the languages of the Kansa and the Ioway. As a placename, Topeka was first recorded in 1826 as the Kansa name for what is now called the Kansas River. Topeka's founders chose the name in 1855 because it \"was novel, of Indian origin and euphonious of sound.\" The mixed-blood Kansa Indian, Joseph James, called Jojim, is credited with suggesting the name of Topeka. The city, laid out in 1854, was one of the Free-State towns founded by Eastern antislavery men immediately after the passage of the Kansas–Nebraska Bill. In 1857, Topeka was chartered as a city.
/m/08q1tg	A traffic collision, also known as a traffic accident, motor vehicle collision, motor vehicle accident, car accident, automobile accident, road traffic collision, road traffic accident, wreck, car crash, or car smash occurs when a vehicle collides with another vehicle, pedestrian, animal, road debris, or other stationary obstruction, such as a tree or utility pole. Traffic collisions may result in injury, death, vehicle damage, and property damage.\nA number of factors contribute to the risk of collision, including vehicle design, speed of operation, road design, road environment, driver skill and/or impairment, and driver behaviour. Worldwide, motor vehicle collisions lead to death and disability as well as financial costs to both society and the individuals involved.
/m/0gk4g	Myocardial infarction or acute myocardial infarction is the medical term for an event commonly known as a heart attack. It happens when blood stops flowing properly to part of the heart and the heart muscle is injured due to not receiving enough oxygen. Usually this is because one of the coronary arteries that supplies blood to the heart develops a blockage due to an unstable buildup of white blood cells, cholesterol and fat. The event is called \"acute\" if it is sudden and serious.\nA person having an acute MI usually has sudden chest pain that is felt behind the breast bone and sometimes travels to the left arm or the left side of the neck. Additionally, the person may have shortness of breath, sweating, nausea, vomiting, abnormal heartbeats, and anxiety. Women experience fewer of these symptoms than men, but usually have shortness of breath, weakness, a feeling of indigestion, and fatigue. In many cases, in some estimates as high as 64%, the person does not have chest pain or other symptoms. These are called \"silent\" myocardial infarctions.\nImportant risk factors are previous cardiovascular disease, old age, tobacco smoking, high blood levels of certain lipids and low levels of high density lipoprotein cholesterol, diabetes, high blood pressure, lack of physical activity, obesity, chronic kidney disease, excessive alcohol consumption, and the use of cocaine and amphetamines. The main way to determine if a person has had a myocardial infarction are electrocardiograms that trace the electrical signals in the heart and testing the blood for substances associated with damage to the heart muscle. Common blood tests are creatine kinase and troponin. ECG testing is used to differentiate between two types of myocardial infarctions based on the shape of the tracing. An ST section of the tracing higher than the baseline is called an ST elevation MI which usually requires more aggressive treatment.
/m/0c1j_	Roseann \"Rosie\" O'Donnell is an American comedian, actress, author and television personality. She has also been a magazine editor and continues to be a celebrity blogger, LGBT rights activist, television producer and collaborative partner in the LGBT family vacation company R Family Vacations.\nO'Donnell started her comedy career while still a teenager and her big break was on the talent show Star Search in 1984. A TV sitcom and a series of movies introduced her to a larger national audience and in 1996 she started hosting The Rosie O'Donnell Show, which won multiple Emmy awards.\nDuring her years on The Rosie O'Donnell Show, she wrote her first book, a memoir called Find Me, and developed the nickname \"Queen of Nice\" as well as a reputation for philanthropic efforts. She used the book's $3 million advance to establish her own For All Kids foundation and promoted other charity projects encouraging other celebrities on her show to also take part. O'Donnell came out, stating \"I'm a dyke!\" two months before finishing her talk show run, saying that her primary reason was to bring attention to gay adoption issues. O'Donnell is a foster—and adoptive—mother. She was made \"Person of the Year\" in her cover-story interview in The Advocate with an in-depth interview by the magazine's Editor in Chief, Judy Wieder. Since coming out, she has continued to support many LGBT causes and issues.
/m/0m9v7	Chow Yun-fat, SBS, is a Hong Kong actor. He is best known in Asia for his collaboration with filmmaker John Woo in heroic bloodshed genre films A Better Tomorrow, The Killer, and Hard Boiled; and to the West for his roles in Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon as Li Mu-bai and Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End as Sao Feng. He mainly plays in dramatic films and has won three Hong Kong Film Awards for \"Best Actor\" and two Golden Horse Awards for \"Best Actor\" in Taiwan.
/m/0846v	Wyoming is a state in the mountain region of the Western United States. Wyoming is the 10th most extensive, but the least populous and the second least densely populated of the 50 United States. The western two thirds of the state is covered mostly with the mountain ranges and rangelands in the foothills of the Eastern Rocky Mountains, while the eastern third of the state is high elevation prairie known as the High Plains. Cheyenne is the capital and the most populous city in Wyoming, with a population of 91,738 in the metropolitan area.
/m/0ng8v	County Kildare is a county in Ireland. It is part of the midlands and is also located in the province of Leinster. It is named after the town of Kildare. Kildare County Council is the local authority for the county. The population of the county is 210,312 according to the 2011 census.
/m/08w6v_	Kay Alden is a five-time Emmy award-winning television writer and the former head writer for the most-watched American soap opera, The Young and the Restless.
/m/01v90t	Robert Adolph Wilton Morley, CBE was an English actor who, often in supporting roles, was usually cast as a pompous English gentleman representing the Establishment. In Movie Encyclopedia, film critic Leonard Maltin describes Morley as \"recognisable by his ungainly bulk, bushy eyebrows, thick lips and double chin, [...] particularly effective when cast as a pompous windbag.\" More politely, Ephraim Katz in his International Film Encyclopaedia describes Morley as a \"a rotund, triple-chinned, delightful character player of the British and American stage and screen.\" In his autobiography, Substantial Gentleman, Morley said his stage career started with managements valuing his appearance for playing \"substantial gentleman\" roles — as a doctor, lawyer, accountant or other professional member of society.
/m/02hg53	Kevin Joseph \"Chuck\" Connors was an American actor, writer and professional basketball and baseball player. He is one of only 12 athletes in the history of American professional sports to have played both Major League Baseball and in the National Basketball Association. With a 40-year film and television career, he is best known for his five-year role as Lucas McCain in the highly rated 1958–1963 ABC series The Rifleman.
/m/016gb5	Koblenz, also spelled Coblenz or Coblence, is a German city situated on both banks of the Rhine at its confluence with the Moselle, where the Deutsches Eck and its monument are situated.\nAs Koblenz was one of the military posts established by Drusus about 8 BC, the town celebrated its 2000th anniversary in 1992.\nThe name Koblenz originates from Latin confluentes, confluence or \" merging of rivers\". Subsequently it was Covelenz and Cobelenz. In the local dialect the name is Kowelenz.\nAfter Mainz and Ludwigshafen am Rhein, it is the third largest city in Rhineland-Palatinate, with a population of c. 106,000. Koblenz lies in the Rhineland, 92 kilometers southeast of Cologne by rail.
/m/093l8p	Transamerica is a 2005 independent comedy-drama film produced by IFC Films and The Weinstein Company. The film tells the story of Bree, a transsexual woman, who goes on a road trip with her long-lost son Toby.\nThe film is marked by an Academy Award–nominated and Golden Globe–winning performance by Huffman, who is also known for her performance in Desperate Housewives.\nOne of the major themes of the film is the personal journey toward self-discovery, according to interviews with the director and actors. The screenplay was inspired in part by conversations between screenwriter/director Duncan Tucker and his then roommate Katherine Connella.
/m/02f76h	The MTV Video Music Award for Best Hip-Hop Video was first given out at the 1999 MTV Video Music Awards. The award, according to MTV, was originally intended for hip-hop-inspired songs, not necessarily actual hip-hop music videos. This explains the recognition of non-hip-hop songs such as \"Thong Song\" and \"I'm Real\". This award was not given out in 2007, as the VMAs were revamped and most original categories were eliminated; however, Best Hip-Hop Video was reinstated in 2008. By then, though, the rules had relatively changed, as R&B and rap videos also became eligible for nominations in this category since the awards for Best Rap Video and Best R&B Video were not brought back. OutKast, Missy Elliott, and Eminem are the biggest winners in this category, each having won twice. Kanye West owns the most nominations, having received a total of eight between 2004 and 2012. Nicki Minaj was the first woman to win this category in six years.
/m/05my9	Orthodox Judaism is the approach to religious Judaism which adheres to the interpretation and application of the laws and ethics of the Torah as legislated in the Talmudic texts by the Tanaim and Amoraim and subsequently developed and applied by the later authorities known as the Gaonim, Rishonim, and Acharonim. Orthodox Judaism generally includes self indulgent Modern Orthodox Judaism and didactic ultra orthodox orHaredi Judaism, but complete within is a wide range of philosophies. Orthodox Judaism is a modern self-conscious identification that, for some, distinguishes it from traditional premodern Judaism, although it was the mainstream expression of Judaism prior to the 19th century.\nThe majority of Jews killed during the Holocaust were more or less Orthodox. It is estimated that they numbered between 50-70% of those who perished.\nAs of 2001, Orthodox Jews and Jews affiliated with an Orthodox synagogue, accounted for approximately 50% of Anglo Jewry, 25% of Israeli Jewry and 13% of American Jewry.
/m/0h03fhx	Argo is a 2012 American political thriller film directed by Ben Affleck. This dramatization is adapted from U.S. Central Intelligence Agency operative Tony Mendez's book The Master of Disguise and Joshuah Bearman's 2007 Wired article The Great Escape. The latter deals with the \"Canadian Caper,\" in which Tony Mendez led the rescue of six U.S. diplomats from Tehran, Iran, during the 1979 Iran hostage crisis.\nThe film stars Affleck as Mendez with Bryan Cranston, Alan Arkin, and John Goodman in supporting roles, and was released in North America to critical and commercial success on October 12, 2012. The film was produced by Affleck, Grant Heslov and George Clooney. The story of this rescue was also told in the 1981 television movie Escape from Iran: The Canadian Caper, directed by Lamont Johnson.\nUpon release, Argo received widespread acclaim and seven nominations for the 85th Academy Awards and won three, for Best Adapted Screenplay, Best Film Editing and Best Picture. The film also earned five Golden Globe Award nominations, winning Best Motion Picture – Drama and Best Director, while being nominated for Best Supporting Actor – Motion Picture for Alan Arkin. It won Outstanding Performance by a Cast in a Motion Picture at the 19th Screen Actors Guild Awards, with Arkin being nominated for Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Supporting Role. It also won Best Film, Best Editing, and Best Director at the 66th British Academy Film Awards.
/m/018vs	The bass guitar is a stringed instrument played primarily with the fingers or thumb, by plucking, slapping, popping, tapping, thumping, or picking with a plectrum.\nThe bass guitar is similar in appearance and construction to an electric guitar, but with a longer neck and scale length, and four to six strings or courses. The four-string bass—by far the most common—is usually tuned the same as the double bass, which corresponds to pitches one octave lower than the four lowest pitched strings of a guitar. The bass guitar is a transposing instrument, as it is notated in bass clef an octave higher than it sounds to avoid excessive ledger lines. Like the electric guitar, the bass guitar is plugged into an amplifier and speaker for live performances.\nSince the 1960s, the bass guitar has largely replaced the double bass in popular music as the bass instrument in the rhythm section. While types of bass lines vary widely from one style of music to another, the bassist usually fulfills a similar role: anchoring the harmonic framework and establishing the beat. Many styles of music utilise the bass guitar, including rock, metal, pop, punk rock, country, reggae, gospel, blues, and jazz. It is often a soloing instrument in jazz, fusion, Latin, funk, and in some rock and metal styles.
/m/02hvd	DC Comics, Inc. is one of the largest and most successful companies operating in the market for American comic books and related media. It is the publishing unit of DC Entertainment, a company of Warner Bros. Entertainment, which itself is owned by Time Warner. DC Comics produces material featuring a large number of well-known characters, including Batman, Superman, Wonder Woman, Green Lantern, the Flash, Aquaman, Hawkgirl, and Green Arrow, along with such superhero teams as the Justice League and the Teen Titans, as well as antagonists such as the Joker, Lex Luthor and Catwoman.\nThe initials \"DC\" came from the company's popular series Detective Comics, which featured Batman's debut and subsequently became part of the company's name. Originally in Manhattan at 432 Fourth Avenue, the DC Comics offices have been located at 480 and later 575 Lexington Avenue; 909 Third Avenue; 75 Rockefeller Plaza; 666 Fifth Avenue; and 1325 Avenue of the Americas. DC has its headquarters at 1700 Broadway, Midtown Manhattan, New York City, but it was announced in October 2013 that DC Entertainment would relocate its headquarters from New York to Los Angeles in 2015.\nRandom House distributes DC Comics' books to the bookstore market, while Diamond Comic Distributors supplies the comics shop specialty market. DC Comics and its major, longtime competitor Marvel Comics together shared over 80% of the American comic-book market in 2008.
/m/0fnyc	Accra is the capital city and largest city of Ghana, with an estimated urban population of 2.269 million as of 2012. It is also the capital of the Greater Accra Region and of the Accra Metropolitan District, with which it is coterminous. Accra is furthermore the anchor of a larger metropolitan area, the Greater Accra Metropolitan Area, which is inhabited by about 4 million people, making it the second largest metropolitan conglomeration in Ghana by population, and the eleventh-largest metropolitan area in Africa.\nAccra stretches along the Ghanaian Atlantic coast and extends north into Ghana's interior. Originally built around a port, it served as the capital of the British Gold Coast between 1877 and 1957. Once merely a 19th-century suburb of Victoriaborg, Accra has since transitioned into a modern metropolis; the city's architecture reflects this history, ranging from 19th-century architecture buildings to modern skyscrapers and apartment blocks.\nAccra serves as the Greater Accra region's economic and administrative hub. It is furthermore a centre of a wide range of nightclubs, restaurants and hotels. Since the early 1990s, a number of new buildings have been built, including the multi-storey French-owned Novotel hotel. The city's National Theatre was built with Chinese assistance. In 2010, the GaWC designated Accra a Gamma-minus-level world city, indicating a growing level of international influence and connectedness.
/m/03hrz	Hamburg, officially Freie und Hansestadt Hamburg, is the second largest city in Germany and the eighth largest city in the European Union. It is also the thirteenth largest German state. It is home to over 1.8 million people, while the Hamburg Metropolitan Region has more than 5 million inhabitants. On the river Elbe, the port of Hamburg is the second largest port in Europe and tenth largest worldwide.\nThe official name reflects its history as a member of the medieval Hanseatic League, as a free imperial city of the Holy Roman Empire, and that it is a city-state, and one of the 16 states of Germany. Before the 1871 Unification of Germany, it was a fully sovereign state. Prior to the constitutional changes in 1919, the stringent civic republic was ruled by a class of hereditary grand burghers or Hanseaten.\nHamburg is a major transport hub and is one of the most affluent cities in Europe. It has become a media and industrial centre, with plants and facilities belonging to Airbus, Blohm + Voss and Aurubis. The radio and television broadcaster Norddeutscher Rundfunk and publishers such as Gruner + Jahr and Spiegel-Verlag are pillars of the important media industry in Hamburg. Hamburg has been an important financial centre for centuries, and is the seat of the world's second oldest bank, Berenberg Bank. There are more than 120,000 enterprises.
/m/01tz3c	An anthology is a collection of literary works chosen by the compiler. It may be a collection of poems, short stories, plays, songs, or excerpts. In genre fiction anthology is used to categorize collections of shorter works such as short stories and short novels, usually collected into a single volume for publication.\nThe complete collections of works are often called Complete Works or Opera Omnia.
/m/03mz9r	Geoff Johns is an American comic book writer, best known for his work for DC Comics, where he is currently the Chief Creative Officer, in particular for characters such as Green Lantern, The Flash and Superman. He is also a television writer, who has written episodes of Smallville, and a comic book retailer who co-owns Earth-2 Comics in Northridge, California with Carr D'Angelo and Jud Meyers.
/m/0jmmn	The Sacramento Kings is a professional basketball team based in Sacramento, California, United States. They are members of the Pacific Division of the Western Conference in the National Basketball Association. The Kings are the only team in the Major professional North American sports leagues located in Sacramento; they play their home games at Sleep Train Arena.\nThe Kings can trace their origins to a local semi-professional team based in Rochester, New York in the early 1920s. The team was officially established professionally in the National Basketball League in 1945 as the Rochester Royals. The Royals defected to the NBL's rival, the Basketball Association of America, in 1948. In 1949, as a result of that year's absorption of the NBL by the BAA, the Royals became members of the newly formed NBA.\nThe Royals were often successful on the court, winning the NBA championship in 1951. However, they had trouble turning a profit in the comparatively small market of Rochester, and relocated to Cincinnati, Ohio in 1957, becoming the Cincinnati Royals. In 1972, the team relocated to Kansas City, Missouri, initially splitting its games between Kansas City and Omaha, Nebraska, and taking up the name Kansas City Kings. The team again failed to find success in its market, and moved to Sacramento in 1985. After the San Antonio Spurs lost the 2013 NBA Finals to the Miami Heat in seven games, the Kings are now the only franchise to never trail in a single NBA Finals series.
/m/0grwj	Oprah Gail Winfrey is an American media proprietor, talk show host, actress, producer, and philanthropist. Winfrey is best known for her multi-award-winning talk show The Oprah Winfrey Show which was the highest-rated program of its kind in history and was nationally syndicated from 1986 to 2011. Dubbed the \"Queen of All Media\", she has been ranked the richest African-American of the 20th century, the greatest black philanthropist in American history, and is currently North America's only black billionaire. She is also, according to some assessments, the most influential woman in the world. In 2013, she was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President Barack Obama and an honorary doctorate degree from Harvard.\nWinfrey was born into poverty in rural Mississippi to a teenage single mother and later raised in an inner-city Milwaukee neighborhood. She experienced considerable hardship during her childhood, saying she was raped at age nine and became pregnant at 14; her son died in infancy. Sent to live with the man she calls her father, a barber in Tennessee, Winfrey landed a job in radio while still in high school and began co-anchoring the local evening news at the age of 19. Her emotional ad-lib delivery eventually got her transferred to the daytime-talk-show arena, and after boosting a third-rated local Chicago talk show to first place, she launched her own production company and became internationally syndicated.
/m/04xvlr	A period piece is a work of art set in, or reminiscent of, an earlier time period.\nIn the performing arts, a period piece is a work set in a particular era. This informal term covers all countries, all periods and all genres. It may be as long and general as the medieval era or as limited as one decade—the Roaring Twenties, for example.\nA period film is a film that attempts to faithfully depict a specific time period. Examples include movies like Cinderella Man, Schindler’s List, Les Misérables or Lincoln.\nHarold Bloom in The Western Canon labels those works not included in his list of 20th century \"classics\" as being mostly \"period pieces\". Since these works are still being widely read, it is impossible to know if they will become regarded as classics in the future or simply fade away into mostly unread period pieces.
/m/04tr1	Malawi, officially the Republic of Malawi, is a landlocked country in southeast Africa that was formerly known as Nyasaland. It is bordered by Zambia to the northwest, Tanzania to the northeast, and Mozambique on the east, south and west. The country is separated from Tanzania and Mozambique by Lake Malawi. Malawi is over 118,000 km² with an estimated population of 16,777,547. Its capital is Lilongwe, which is also Malawi's largest city; the second largest is Blantyre and the third is Mzuzu. The name Malawi comes from the Maravi, an old name of the Nyanja people that inhabit the area. The country is also nicknamed \"The Warm Heart of Africa\".\nThe area of Africa now known as Malawi was settled by migrating Bantu groups around the 10th century. Centuries later in 1891 the area was colonized by the British. In 1953 Malawi, then known as Nyasaland, became part of the semi-independent central African Federation. The Federation was dissolved in 1963 and in 1964, Nyasaland gained full independence and was renamed Malawi. Upon gaining independence it became a single-party state under the presidency of Hastings Banda, who remained president until 1994, when he was ousted from power. Joyce Banda is the current president, raised to that position after president Bingu wa Mutharika died in 2012. She is the first female president in Malawi. Malawi has a democratic, multi-party government. Malawi has a small military force that includes an army, a navy and an air wing. Malawi's foreign policy is pro-Western and includes positive diplomatic relations with most countries and participation in several international organisations.
/m/01rxw	The Republic of the Congo, sometimes referred to as Congo Republic or Congo-Brazzaville, is a country located in Central Africa. It is bordered by Gabon, Cameroon, the Central African Republic, the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the Angolan exclave of Cabinda.\nThe region was dominated by Bantu-speaking tribes, who built trade links leading into the Congo River basin. Congo-Brazzaville was formerly part of the French colony of Equatorial Africa. Upon independence in 1960, the former colony of French Congo became the Republic of the Congo. The People's Republic of the Congo was a Marxist-Leninist single-party state from 1970 to 1991. Multi-party elections have been held since 1992, although a democratically elected government was ousted in the 1997 Republic of the Congo Civil War.
/m/027f7dj	Octavia Lenora Spencer is an American actress. She is best known for her role as Minny, the outspoken maid in the 2011 film The Help, for which she won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress, among other accolades including the Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress, BAFTA for Best Supporting Actress, and Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Supporting Role.
/m/041738	Alternative dance or indie dance is a musical genre that mixes various rock subgenres with electronic dance music. Although largely confined to the British Isles, it has gained American and worldwide exposure through acts such as New Order in the 1980s and The Prodigy in the 1990s.
/m/02jx1	England is a country that is part of the United Kingdom. It shares land borders with Scotland to the north and Wales to the west. The Irish Sea lies north west of England, whilst the Celtic Sea lies to the south west. The North Sea to the east and the English Channel to the south separate it from continental Europe. Most of England comprises the central and southern part of the island of Great Britain which lies in the North Atlantic. The country also includes over 100 smaller islands such as the Isles of Scilly, and the Isle of Wight.\nThe area now called England was first inhabited by modern humans during the Upper Palaeolithic period, but it takes its name from the Angles, one of the Germanic tribes who settled during the 5th and 6th centuries. England became a unified state in 927 AD, and since the Age of Discovery, which began during the 15th century, has had a significant cultural and legal impact on the wider world. The English language, the Anglican Church, and English law – the basis for the common law legal systems of many other countries around the world – developed in England, and the country's parliamentary system of government has been widely adopted by other nations. The Industrial Revolution began in 18th-century England, transforming its society into the world's first industrialised nation.
/m/07fzq3	Alexander Golitzen, was a production designer who oversaw art direction on more than 300 movies.\nPrince Alexander Golitzen was born in Moscow, but fled the country with his family during the Russian Revolution. Travelling via Siberia and China, they arrived in Seattle, where Alexander graduated from high school. He then attended the University of Washington, where he achieved a degree in architecture.\nHe started his art direction career in Los Angeles, as an assistant to Alexander Toluboff, an art director for MGM. He started working with Walter Wanger in 1939 and they worked together for many movies. Starting in 1942, and continuing for the next 30 years, he became a unit art director, and later a supervising art director at Universal, overseeing dozens of productions.\nAlexander Golitzen earned an Academy Award nomination for Foreign Correspondent, and received three Oscars for Phantom of the Opera in 1943, Spartacus in 1960 and To Kill a Mockingbird in 1962.\nHe was also nominated for an Academy Award for his work on Sundown, Arabian Nights, The Climax, Flower Drum Song, That Touch of Mink, Gambit, Thoroughly Modern Millie, Sweet Charity, Airport, and Earthquake. He served on the Academy's board of directors for several years.
/m/0g9yrw	Howard the Duck is a 1986 American science fiction comedy film directed by Willard Huyck and starring Lea Thompson, Tim Robbins, and Jeffrey Jones. Produced by Gloria Katz and George Lucas, the screenplay was originally intended to be an animated film based on the Marvel comic book of the same name, but the film adaptation became live action due to a contractual obligation. Although there had been several TV adaptations of Marvel characters during the preceding 21 years, this was the first attempt at a theatrical release since the Captain America serial of 1944.\nLucas proposed adapting the surrealist comic book following the production of American Graffiti. After stepping down as the president of Lucasfilm to focus on producing he chose to begin production on the film personally. Following multiple production difficulties and mixed response to test screenings, Howard the Duck was released in theaters on August 1, 1986. The film both received extremely negative reviews and became a box office failure. Contemporary critics focused on the decision to shoot the film in live action rather than as an animated film and the appearance of Howard as primary obstacles to the movie's success. More recent commentators tend to focus on issues with the script.
/m/026db_	Elsevier B.V. is an academic publishing company which publishes medical and scientific literature. It is a part of the Reed Elsevier group. Based in Amsterdam, the company has operations in the United Kingdom, USA, Brazil and elsewhere.\nLeading products include journals such as The Lancet and Cell, books such as Gray's Anatomy, the ScienceDirect collection of electronic journals, the Trends and Current Opinion series of journals, and the online citation database Scopus. Its free researcher collaboration tool, 2collab, launched in 2007, was discontinued in 2011.\nElsevier publishes 250,000 articles a year in 2,000 journals. Its archives contain seven million publications. Total yearly downloads amount to 240 million.\nIn 2010, Elsevier reported a profit margin of 36% on revenues of US$3.2 billion. Elsevier accounts for 28% of the revenues of the Reed Elsevier group. In operating profits, it represents a bigger fraction of 44%. Adjusted operating profits rose by 10% from 2005 to 2006. Elsevier's high profit margins and copyright practices have subjected it to much criticism.\nIn December 2013, Elsevier announced that it will set up with University College, London, the UCL Big Data Institute. Elsevier's investment is \"substantial\" and thought to be more than £10 million.
/m/0grw_	The International IMPAC Dublin Literary Award is an international literary award for a work of fiction, jointly sponsored by the city of Dublin, Ireland and the company IMPAC. At €100,000 it is one of the richest literary prizes in the world. Nominations are submitted by public libraries worldwide.\nThe Award is a joint initiative of Dublin City Council and the productivity improvement company, IMPAC, and is administered by Dublin City Public Libraries.\nDescribing the Award as \"the most eclectic and unpredictable of the literary world's annual gongs\", Michelle Pauli posed the question in relation to the longlist for the 2004 edition, \"Where would you find Michael Dobbs and Tony Parsons up against Umberto Eco and Milan Kundera for a €100,000 prize?\" Among the award's recipients are several future Nobel Prize in Literature laureates, including Herta Müller and Orhan Pamuk. Unsuccessful nominees include such established writers as John Banville, V. S. Naipaul, Cees Nooteboom, José Saramago, Rohinton Mistry, Antonio Tabucchi, Margaret Atwood, Don DeLillo, Ian McEwan, Haruki Murakami, Toni Morrison, Philip Roth, Peter Carey, Carlos Fuentes, Jonathan Franzen, John McGahern, Julian Barnes, J. M. Coetzee, Cormac McCarthy, Salman Rushdie, Barbara Kingsolver and Joyce Carol Oates.
/m/01m3b1t	Terence Oliver Blanchard is an American jazz trumpeter, bandleader, composer, arranger, and film score composer.\nSince Blanchard emerged on the scene in 1980 with the Lionel Hampton Orchestra and then shortly thereafter with Art Blakey and the Jazz Messengers, he has been a leading artist in jazz. He was an integral figure in the 1980s jazz resurgence, having recorded several award-winning albums and having performed with the jazz elite.\nHe is known as a straight-ahead artist in the hard bop tradition but has recently developed an African-fusion style of playing that makes him unique from other trumpeters on the performance circuit. It is as a film composer that Blanchard reaches his widest audience. His trumpet can be heard on nearly fifty film scores; more than forty bear his compositional style.\nSince 2000, Blanchard has served as Artistic Director at the Thelonious Monk Institute of Jazz. As of August 2011, he was named the Artistic Director of the Henry Mancini Institute at the University of Miami Frost School of Music. He lives in the Garden District of New Orleans with his wife and four children.
/m/0dgq_kn	The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is a 2011 Swedish-American mystery thriller film based on the novel of the same name by Stieg Larsson. This film adaptation was directed by David Fincher and written by Steven Zaillian. Starring Daniel Craig and Rooney Mara, it tells the story of journalist Mikael Blomkvist's investigation to find out what happened to a woman from a wealthy family who disappeared forty years prior. He recruits the help of computer hacker Lisbeth Salander.\nSony Pictures Entertainment began development on the film in 2009. It took the company a few months to obtain rights to the novel, during which they recruited Zaillian and Fincher. The casting process for the lead roles was exhaustive and intense; Craig initially faced scheduling conflicts, while a number of actresses were sought for the role of Lisbeth Salander. The script took over six months to write, which included three months of analyzing the novel. With a production budget of $90 million, filming took place in Sweden, Switzerland and Norway over seven months.\nPre-release screenings occurred in London, New York City and Stockholm. Critics gave the film very favorable reviews, applauding its dark, grim tone and praising Mara's and Craig's performances. The film grossed $232.6 million over its theatrical run. In addition to being included in the best-of lists in several publications, the film was a candidate for numerous awards, ultimately winning seven accolades including an Academy Award for Best Film Editing.
/m/03x6rj	A.E.K. Athens F.C. is a Greek association football club based in Athens.\nEstablished in Athens in 1924 by Greek refugees from Constantinople in the wake of the Greco-Turkish War, A.E.K. is one of the more successful clubs in Greek football, winning 29 national titles and the team has regularly appeared in European competitions. AEK is a member of the European Club Association.\nThe club was relegated from the Greek Superleague after the 2012–13 season for the first time in its history. In an effort to discharge the immense debt created by years of mismanagement, its directors chose for the team to compete in the third tier Football League 2 for the 2013-14 season, thus turning the club into an amateur club.
/m/01cspq	Emeric Pressburger was a Hungarian British screenwriter, film director, and producer. He is best known for his series of film collaborations with Michael Powell, in a multiple-award-winning partnership known as The Archers and produced a series of classic British films, notably 49th Parallel, The Life and Death of Colonel Blimp, A Matter of Life and Death, Black Narcissus, The Red Shoes, and The Tales of Hoffmann.
/m/016hvl	Pier Paolo Pasolini was an Italian film director, poet, writer and intellectual. Pasolini distinguished himself as a poet, journalist, philosopher, linguist, novelist, playwright, filmmaker, newspaper and magazine columnist, actor, painter and political figure. He demonstrated a unique and extraordinary cultural versatility, becoming a highly controversial figure in the process. While his work remains controversial to this day, in the years since his death Pasolini has come to be valued by many as a visionary thinker and a major figure in Italian literature and art. American literary critic Harold Bloom considers Pasolini to be a major European poet and important in 20th-century poetry, including his works in his collection of the Western canon.
/m/0ght2	Council Bluffs is a city in and the county seat of Pottawattamie County, Iowa, United States and is on the east bank of the Missouri River across from what is now the much larger city of Omaha, Nebraska. It was known until 1852 as Kanesville, Iowa — the historic starting point of the Mormon Trail and eventual northernmost anchor town of the other emigrant trails.\nThe population of Council Bluffs was 62,230 at the 2010 census. Along with neighboring Omaha to the west, Council Bluffs was part of the 60th-largest metropolitan area in the United States in 2010, with an estimated population of 865,350 residing in the eight counties of the Omaha-Council Bluffs metropolitan area. Council Bluffs is more than a decade older than Omaha. The latter, founded in 1854 by Council Bluffs businessmen and speculators following the Kansas-Nebraska Act, has grown to be the significantly larger city.
/m/0xrz2	Passaic is a city in Passaic County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, the city had a total population of 69,781, maintaining its status as the 15th largest municipality in New Jersey with an increase of 1,920 residents from the 2000 Census population of 67,861, which had in turn increased by 9,820 from the 58,041 counted in the 1990 Census.\nLocated north of Newark on the Passaic River, it was first settled in 1678 by Dutch traders, as Acquackanonk Township. The city and river draw their name from the Lenape word \"pahsayèk\" which has been variously attributed to mean \"valley\" or \"place where the land splits.\"
/m/0d__g	Philip Cortelyou Johnson was an influential American architect.\nIn 1930, he founded the Department of Architecture and Design at the Museum of Modern Art in New York City. In 1978 he was awarded an American Institute of Architects Gold Medal and in 1979 the first Pritzker Architecture Prize. He was a student at the Harvard Graduate School of Design. Johnson was gay, and has been called \"the best-known openly gay architect in America.\" In 1961, he was elected into the National Academy of Design as an Associate member and became a full Academician in 1963. He came out publicly in 1993.\nJohnson died in his sleep while at his Glass House retreat in 2005. He was survived by his partner of 45 years, David Whitney, who died later that year at age 66.
/m/0kszw	Helena Bonham Carter, CBE is a multi-awarded English actress. She made her acting debut in a television adaptation of K. M. Peyton's A Pattern of Roses before her debut film role as the titular character in Lady Jane. She is known for her roles in films, such as: A Room with a View, Fight Club, The King's Speech, and playing the villainess Bellatrix Lestrange in the Harry Potter series. She frequently collaborates with her domestic partner, director Tim Burton, in films such as: Planet of the Apes, Big Fish, Corpse Bride, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street, Alice in Wonderland, and Dark Shadows. In 2012, she played Miss Havisham in Great Expectations, and Madame Thénardier in Les Misérables.\nA two-time Academy Award nominee for her performances in The Wings of the Dove and The King's Speech, Bonham Carter's acting has been further recognised with seven Golden Globe nominations, an International Emmy Award for best actress, a BAFTA Award, and a Screen Actors Guild Award. She was made a Commander of the Order of the British Empire in the 2012 New Year honours list for services to drama, and received the honour from the Queen at Buckingham Palace on 22 February 2012.
/m/02645b	Joshua Lockwood Logan III was an American stage and film director and writer.
/m/02b19f	York City Football Club is an English association football club based in York, North Yorkshire. The club participates in League Two, the fourth tier of English football. Founded in 1922, York joined the Football League in 1929, and has spent most of its time in the lower divisions. The club briefly rose as high as the second tier of English football, spending two seasons in the Second Division in the 1970s. At the end of the 2003–04 season the club lost its League status when it was relegated from the Third Division. York remained in the Conference Premier until the end of the 2011–12 season, when it was promoted back to the Football League following a 2–1 victory against Luton Town at Wembley Stadium in the 2012 Conference Premier play-off Final.\nYork has enjoyed more success in cup competitions than in the league; highlights include an FA Cup semi-final appearance in 1955. In the 1995–96 League Cup, York beat Manchester United 3–0 at Old Trafford; Manchester United went on to win the FA Premier League and FA Cup double that season. Also, in the FA Cup, York beat Arsenal in 1985, and held Liverpool to a draw in two consecutive seasons in the mid-1980s. York made an appearance at Wembley Stadium in 1993, beating Crewe Alexandra in the Third Division play-off Final. After defeats in the 2009 FA Trophy Final and the 2010 Conference Premier play-off Final, York finally recorded a victory at the new Wembley against Newport County in the 2012 FA Trophy Final.
/m/04gc65	Theodore Scott Glenn is an American actor. His roles have included Wes Hightower in Urban Cowboy, astronaut Alan Shepard in The Right Stuff, Emmett in Silverado, Commander Bart Mancuso in The Hunt for Red October, Jack Crawford in The Silence of the Lambs, Roger in Training Day, Ezra Kramer in The Bourne Ultimatum, and The Wise Man in Sucker Punch.
/m/027g6p7	Cryptoxanthin is a natural carotenoid pigment. It has been isolated from a variety of sources including the petals and flowers of plants in the genus Physalis, orange rind, papaya, egg yolk, butter, apples, and bovine blood serum.
/m/017_4z	Chelmsford is the principal settlement of the City of Chelmsford and the county town of Essex, in the East of England. It is located in the London commuter belt, approximately 32 miles northeast of Charing Cross, London, and approximately the same distance from the once provincial Roman capital at Colchester. The urban area of the city currently has a population of approximately 110,000, whilst the district has a population of 168,310, however this is thought to be rapidly increasing on a year-by-year basis with many people from Essex and the London borders re-locating to the city.\nThe main conurbation incorporates all or part of the former parishes of Broomfield, Great Baddow, Galleywood, Writtle, Moulsham, Widford and Springfield, including Springfield Barnes, now known as Chelmer Village.\nThe communities of Chelmsford, Massachusetts, Chelmsford, Ontario, and Chelmsford, New Brunswick, are named after the city.\nChelmsford's population consists of a large number of City and Docklands commuters, attracted by the 30–35 minute journey from Central London via the Great Eastern Main Line. The same journey takes approximately 60 minutes by road via the A12.\nOn 14 March 2012, chairman of the Privy Council and Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg announced that Chelmsford, along with Perth, Scotland and St Asaph, Wales, was to be granted city status. The Letters Patent officially granting city status to Chelmsford from The Queen was received on 6 June 2012.
/m/05q_dw	The Squid and the Whale is a 2005 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Noah Baumbach and produced by Wes Anderson. It tells the semi-autobiographical story of two boys in Brooklyn dealing with their parents' divorce in the 1980s. The film is named after the giant squid and sperm whale diorama housed at the American Museum of Natural History, which is seen in the film. The film was shot on Super 16mm, mostly using a handheld camera.\nThe Squid and the Whale was a critical success. At the 2005 Sundance Film Festival, the film won awards for best dramatic direction and screenwriting, and was nominated for the Grand Jury Prize. Baumbach later received an Academy Award nomination for Best Original Screenplay. The film received six Independent Spirit Award nominations and three Golden Globe nominations. The New York Film Critics Circle, Los Angeles Film Critics Association and the National Board of Review voted its screenplay the year's best.
/m/0j0pf	Alastair Preston Reynolds is a British science fiction author. He specialises in dark hard science fiction and space opera. He spent his early years in Cornwall, moved back to Wales before going to Newcastle, where he read physics and astronomy. Afterwards, he earned a PhD from St Andrews, Scotland. In 1991, he moved to Noordwijk in the Netherlands where he met his wife Josette. There, he worked for the European Space Research and Technology Centre, part of the European Space Agency, until 2004 when he left to pursue writing full-time. He returned to Wales in 2008 and lives near Cardiff.
/m/07vfy4	Water, is a 2005 Canadian film directed by Deepa Mehta and written by Anurag Kashyap, who also did the dialogue translation. It is set in 1938 and explores the lives of widows at an ashram in Varanasi, India. The film is also the third and final installment of Mehta's Elements trilogy. It was preceded by Fire and Earth. Author Bapsi Sidhwa wrote the 2006 novel based upon the film, Water: A Novel, published by Milkweed Press. Sidhwa's earlier novel, Cracking India was the basis for Earth, the second film in the trilogy. Water is a dark introspect into the tales of rural Indian widows in the 1940s and covers controversial subjects such as misogyny and ostracism. The film premiered at the 2005 Toronto International Film Festival, where it was honoured with the Opening Night Gala, and was released across Canada in November of that year. It was first released in India on 9 March 2007.\nThe film stars Seema Biswas, Lisa Ray, John Abraham, and Sarala Kariyawasam in pivotal roles and Kulbhushan Kharbanda, Waheeda Rehman, Raghuvir Yadav, and Vinay Pathak in supporting roles. Featured songs for the film were composed by A. R. Rahman, with lyrics by Sukhwinder Singh and Raqeeb Alam while the background score was composed by Mychael Danna. Cinematography is by Giles Nuttgens, who has worked with Deepa Mehta on several of her films.
/m/02gvwz	Shaun Mark \"Sean\" Bean is an English film, television, theatre and voice actor. He graduated from the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in 1983 and was a member of the Royal Shakespeare Company.\nBean first found success for his portrayal of Richard Sharpe in the ITV television series Sharpe. He has since garnered further recognition for his performances in the HBO epic fantasy series Game of Thrones, the BBC anthology series Accused and the ITV historical drama Henry VIII. His most prominent film role was in Peter Jackson's The Lord of the Rings trilogy as Boromir. Other notable roles include Alec Trevelyan in the James Bond film GoldenEye and Odysseus in Troy as well as Patriot Games, Ronin, National Treasure, North Country, The Island and Black Death. He will also co-star in the upcoming science fiction film Jupiter Ascending. As a voice artist he has featured in the video game The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion and the drama The Canterbury Tales among several others.\nBean has received several honours throughout his career and has won an International Emmy for Best Actor. He has also been nominated for a BAFTA and Saturn Award.
/m/0bq_mx	The 58th Writers Guild of America Awards, given on February 4, 2006, honored the best film and television writers of 2005.
/m/0fqt1ns	The Amazing Spider-Man is a 2012 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character Spider-Man and sharing the title of the character's longest-running comic book of the same name. It is the fourth to portray Spider-Man in film distributed by Columbia Pictures, Marvel Entertainment and Sony Pictures Entertainment and a reboot of the film trilogy preceding it by 2002–07 that was also distributed by Sony Pictures Entertainment. The film was directed by Marc Webb, written by James Vanderbilt, Alvin Sargent and Steve Kloves and stars Andrew Garfield as Peter Parker / Spider-Man, Emma Stone as Gwen Stacy, Rhys Ifans as Dr. Curtis Connors, Denis Leary as Captain George Stacy along with Martin Sheen and Sally Field as the uncle and aunt of Peter Parker, Ben Parker and May Parker. The film tells the story of Peter Parker, a teenager from New York City who becomes Spider-Man after being bitten by a genetically altered spider. Parker must stop Dr. Curt Connors as a mutated Lizard from spreading a mutation serum to the city's human population.\nDevelopment of the film began with the cancellation of Spider-Man 4 in 2010, ending director Sam Raimi's Spider-Man film series that had starred Tobey Maguire as the titular superhero. Opting to reboot the franchise with the same production team along with James Vanderbilt to stay on with writing the next Spider-Man film while Alvin Sargent and Steve Kloves helped with the script as well. During pre-production, the main characters were cast in 2010. New designs were introduced from the comics such as artificial web-shooters. Using Red Digital Cinema Camera Company's RED Epic camera, principal photography started in December 2010 in Los Angeles before moving to New York City. The film entered post-production in April 2011. 3ality Technica provided 3D image processing, Sony Imageworks handled CGI and James Horner composed the film score.
/m/0b13yt	In American football, a dimeback is a cornerback who serves as the sixth defensive back on defense. The third cornerback on defense is known as a nickelback. The dimeback position is essentially relegated to backup cornerbacks who do not play starting cornerback positions. Dimebacks are usually fast players because they must be able to keep up on passing plays with 3+ wide receivers.\nDimebacks are brought into the game when the defense uses a \"Dime\" formation, which uses six defensive backs rather than four or five. Usually, a dimeback replaces a linebacker in order to gain better pass defense, although some teams may substitute the extra defensive back for a defensive lineman in their dime formation.
/m/07lz9l	Ira Steven Behr, is an American television producer and screenwriter, most known for his work on Star Trek, especially Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, on which he served as showrunner and executive producer. He was the executive producer and showrunner on Crash and executive producer on Syfy's Alphas.
/m/0fw9n7	The Wisconsin Badgers football team is the intercollegiate football team of University of Wisconsin–Madison. The Badgers have competed in the Big Ten Conference since its formation in 1896. They play their home games at Camp Randall Stadium, the fourth-oldest stadium in college football. Wisconsin has had two Heisman Trophy winners, Alan Ameche and Ron Dayne, and have had eight former players inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame. As of January 1, 2014, the Badgers have an all-time record of 653–481–53.
/m/01fx5l	Jane Alexander is an American actress, author, and former director of the National Endowment for the Arts. Although perhaps best known for playing the female lead in The Great White Hope on both stage and screen, she has played an array of roles in theater, film and television, and has committed herself to a variety of charitable causes. Alexander has won a Tony, two Emmys and has been nominated for an Academy Award four times.
/m/06ngk	A star is a massive, luminous sphere of plasma held together by its own gravity. The nearest star to Earth is the Sun, which is the source of most of the planet's energy. Some other stars are visible from Earth during the night, appearing as a multitude of fixed luminous points due to their immense distance. Historically, the most prominent stars were grouped into constellations and asterisms, and the brightest stars gained proper names. Extensive catalogues of stars have been assembled by astronomers, which provide standardized star designations.\nFor at least a portion of its life, a star shines due to thermonuclear fusion of hydrogen into helium in its core, releasing energy that traverses the star's interior and then radiates into outer space. Once the hydrogen in the core of a star is nearly exhausted, almost all naturally occurring elements heavier than helium are created by stellar nucleosynthesis during the star's lifetime and, for some stars, by supernova nucleosynthesis when it explodes. Near the end of its life, a star can also contain degenerate matter. Astronomers can determine the mass, age, metallicity, and many other properties of a star by observing its motion through space, luminosity, and spectrum respectively. The total mass of a star is the principal determinant of its evolution and eventual fate. Other characteristics of a star, including diameter and temperature, change over its life, while the star's environment affects its rotation and movement. A plot of the temperature of many stars against their luminosities, known as a Hertzsprung–Russell diagram, allows the age and evolutionary state of a star to be determined.
/m/0ds460j	The 65th Annual Tony Awards was held on June 12, 2011 to recognize achievement in Broadway productions during the 2010–2011 season. They were held at the Beacon Theatre, ending a fourteen-year tradition of holding the ceremony at Radio City Music Hall. The Awards ceremony was broadcast live on CBS and was hosted by Neil Patrick Harris. The award nominations were announced on May 3, 2011.\nThe ceremony received extremely positive reviews from critics, with many citing it as a major improvement over the previous year. Numerous critics credited host Neil Patrick Harris with the success of the production, with one critic calling him \"America's next great awards host.\"
/m/0jmm4	The Portland Trail Blazers, commonly known as the Blazers, are a professional basketball team based in Portland, Oregon. They play in the Northwest Division of the Western Conference in the National Basketball Association. The Trail Blazers played their home games in the Memorial Coliseum before moving to the Moda Center in 1995. The franchise entered the league in 1970, and Portland has been its only home city. The franchise has enjoyed a strong following; from 1977 through 1995, the team sold out 814 consecutive home games, the longest such streak in American major professional sports. The Trail Blazers have been the only NBA team based in the binational Pacific Northwest, after the Vancouver Grizzlies relocated to Memphis and became the Memphis Grizzlies in 2001, and the Seattle SuperSonics relocated to Oklahoma City and became the Oklahoma City Thunder in 2008.\nThe team has advanced to the NBA Finals three times, winning the NBA Championship once in 1977. Their other NBA Finals appearances were in 1990 and 1992. The team has qualified for the playoffs in 29 seasons of their 42-season existence, including a streak of 21 straight appearances from 1983 through 2003, the second longest streak in NBA history. Six Hall of Fame players have played for the Trail Blazers. Bill Walton is the franchise's most decorated player; he was the NBA Finals Most Valuable Player in 1977, and the regular season MVP the following year. Four Blazer rookies have won the NBA Rookie of the Year award. Two Hall of Fame coaches, Lenny Wilkens and Jack Ramsay, have patrolled the sidelines for the Blazers, and two others, Mike Schuler and Mike Dunleavy, have won the NBA Coach of the Year award with the team.
/m/03nt59	Entourage is an American comedy-drama television series that premiered on HBO on July 18, 2004 and concluded on September 11, 2011, after eight seasons. The series was created and largely written by Doug Ellin and chronicles the acting career of Vincent Chase, a young A-list movie star, and his childhood friends from Queens, New York City, as they navigate the unfamiliar terrain of Los Angeles, California.\nMark Wahlberg and Stephen Levinson served as the show's executive producers, and its premise is loosely based on Wahlberg's experiences as an up-and-coming film star. The series deals with themes of male friendship and real-life situations in modern-day Hollywood. The show is known for its array of guest stars, usually featuring at least a celebrity per episode.
/m/0bs0bh	The Tony Award for Best Featured Actor in a Play is an honor presented at the Tony Awards, a ceremony established in 1947 as the Antoinette Perry Awards for Excellence in Theatre, to actors for quality supporting roles in a Broadway play. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the Tony Award Productions, a joint venture of The Broadway League and the American Theatre Wing, to \"honor the best performances and stage productions of the previous year.\"\nOriginally called the Tony Award for Actor, Supporting or Featured, the award was first presented to Arthur Kennedy at the 3rd Tony Awards for his portrayal of Biff Loman in Arthur Miller's Death of a Salesman. Before 1956, nominees' names were not made public; the change was made by the awards committee to \"have a greater impact on theatregoers\". In 1976, when the award's name changed to its current title, Edward Herrmann, portraying Frank Gardner in George Bernard Shaw's Mrs. Warren's Profession, won the award. Its most recent recipient is Christian Borle for the role of Black Stache in Peter and the Starcatcher.\nFrank Langella holds the record for having the most wins in this category with a total of two; he is the only person to win the award more than once. Richard Roma in Glengarry Glen Ross and Phil Hogan in A Moon for the Misbegotten are the only characters to take the award multiple times, both winning twice. A supporting actor in each of Neil Simon's Eugene trilogy plays has taken the Tony, whereas featured actors in both parts of Tony Kushner's Angels in America series have also won the award.
/m/09ff3	Cubism is an early-20th-century avant-garde art movement pioneered by Georges Braque and Pablo Picasso, joined by Jean Metzinger, Albert Gleizes, Robert Delaunay, Henri Le Fauconnier, Fernand Léger and Juan Gris that revolutionized European painting and sculpture, and inspired related movements in music, literature and architecture. Cubism has been considered the most influential art movement of the 20th century. The term is broadly used in association with a wide variety of art produced in Paris during the 1910s and extending through the 1920s. Variants such as Futurism and Constructivism developed in other countries.\nA primary influence that led to Cubism was the representation of three-dimensional form in the late works of Paul Cézanne, which were displayed in a retrospective at the 1907 Salon d'Automne. In Cubist artwork, objects are analyzed, broken up and reassembled in an abstracted form—instead of depicting objects from one viewpoint, the artist depicts the subject from a multitude of viewpoints to represent the subject in a greater context.
/m/04zhd	The term mythology can refer either to a collection of myths or to the study of myths.\nA mythology, in the sense of a collection of myths, is an important feature of many cultures. According to Alan Dundes, a myth is a sacred narrative explaining how the world and humankind assumed their present form, although, in a very broad sense, the word can refer to any traditional story. Bruce Lincoln defines myth as \"ideology in narrative form\". Myths may arise as either truthful depictions or overelaborated accounts of historical events, as allegory for or personification of natural phenomena, or as an explanation of ritual. They are used to convey religious or idealized experience, to establish behavioral models, and to teach. Modern mythopoeia such as fantasy novels, manga, and urban legend, with many competing artificial mythoi acknowledged as fiction, supports the idea of myth as a modern, not just ancient, social practice.\nMythology, in the sense of the study of myths, dates back to antiquity. Early rival classifications of Greek mythos by Euhemerus, Plato's Phaedrus, and Sallustius were developed by the neoplatonists and revived by Renaissance mythographers. Nineteenth-century comparative mythology reinterpreted myth as a primitive and failed counterpart of science, a \"disease of language\", or a misinterpretation of magical ritual. By contrast, many later interpretations have rejected a conflict between myth and science, sometimes viewing myths as expressions of, or metaphors for, human psychology. Tension between the search for a monomyth or Ur-myth and skepticism toward such comparativism has marked scholarship on myth.
/m/0bzlrh	The 51st Academy Awards were presented April 9, 1979 at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion, Los Angeles. The ceremonies were presided over by Johnny Carson.\nNotably, the two \"front-runners\" for Best Picture this year - Coming Home and The Deer Hunter - were anti-war films that reflected the nation's growing resentment over the Vietnam War. John Wayne, who would die of stomach cancer two months later, made his final public appearance to present the Oscar to the producers of The Deer Hunter.\nThis was also the final public appearance of Jack Haley, who died two months after presenting the Best Costume Design award with his co-star from The Wizard of Oz, Ray Bolger. His son, Jack Haley Jr., produced this ceremony.\nThis was the first of several consecutive ceremonies presided over by talk show host Johnny Carson; introducing him on this broadcast, the announcer identified him as \"John Carson\".\nAs of 2014, this is the earliest Oscars where all four acting winners are still living.
/m/01rh0w	Liv Rundgren Tyler is an American actress and model. She is the daughter of Aerosmith's lead singer, Steven Tyler, and model Bebe Buell. Tyler began a career in modeling at the age of 14 but, after less than a year, she decided to focus on acting. After her film debut Silent Fall, she appeared in supporting roles in Empire Records, Heavy and That Thing You Do!. Tyler later achieved critical recognition in the leading role in Stealing Beauty. She followed this by starring in supporting roles including Inventing the Abbotts and Cookie's Fortune.\nTyler achieved international recognition as a result of her portrayal of Elf maiden Arwen Undómiel in the Lord of the Rings film trilogy. She has appeared in an eclectic range of films, including the 2004 comedy Jersey Girl, the indie film Lonesome Jim, the drama Reign Over Me and big-budget studio films such as Armageddon, The Strangers and The Incredible Hulk.\nShe has served as a United Nations Children's Fund Goodwill Ambassador for the United States in 2003, and as a spokesperson for Givenchy's line of perfume and cosmetics.
/m/0fhzwl	Dexter is an American television drama series. The series centers on Dexter Morgan, a blood spatter pattern analyst for Miami Metro Police Department who also leads a secret life as a serial killer, hunting down criminals who have slipped through the cracks of the justice system. Set in Miami, the show's first season derived from the novel Darkly Dreaming Dexter, the first of the Dexter series novels by Jeff Lindsay. It was adapted for television by screenwriter James Manos, Jr., who wrote the first episode. Subsequent seasons evolved independently of Lindsay's works.\nDexter aired on Showtime from October 1, 2006, to September 22, 2013. In February 2008, reruns began to air on CBS, although the reruns on CBS ended after one run of the first season. The series has enjoyed wide critical acclaim and popularity, including four straight Primetime Emmy nominations for Best Drama series in its first four seasons. Season Four aired its season finale on December 13, 2009, to a record-breaking audience of 2.6 million viewers, making it the most-watched original series episode ever on Showtime at that time.\nIn April 2013, Showtime announced that Season Eight would be the final season of Dexter. The Season Eight premiere was the most watched Dexter episode with more than 3 million viewers total for all airings that night. The original broadcast of the series finale — shown at 9 p.m. on September 22, 2013 — drew 2.8 million viewers, the largest overall audience in Showtime's history.
/m/0291hr	High Anxiety is a 1977 comedy film produced and directed by Mel Brooks, who also plays the lead. This is Brooks' first film as a producer and first speaking lead role. Veteran Brooks ensemble members Harvey Korman, Cloris Leachman and Madeline Kahn are also featured.\nThe film is a parody of suspense films, most obviously the films directed by Alfred Hitchcock, Spellbound and Vertigo in particular. The movie was dedicated to Hitchcock, who worked with Brooks on the screenplay, and later sent Brooks a case containing six magnums of 1961 Château Haut-Brion wine, to show his appreciation.
/m/09f6b	A luge is a small one- or two-person sled on which one sleds supine and feet-first. Steering is done by flexing the sled's runners with the calf of each leg or exerting opposite shoulder pressure to the seat. Racing sleds weigh 21–25 kilograms for singles and 25–30 kilograms for doubles. Luge is also the name of an Olympic sport. Lugers can reach speeds of 140 km per hour. Manuel Pfister of Austria, reached a top speed of 154 km per hour on the track in Whistler, Canada prior to the 2010 Vancouver Winter Olympics. Lugers compete against a timer and are timed to a thousandth of a second, making luge one of the most precisely timed sports in the world. The first recorded use of the term \"luge\" is 1905, from the Savoy/Swiss dialect of French \"luge\" meaning \"small coasting sled\", and is possibly from a Gaulish word with the same root as English sled.
/m/04924s	A tactical role-playing game is a type of video game which incorporates elements of traditional role-playing video games and strategy games and emphasizes tactical rather than high-level strategic gameplay. In Japan these games are known as \"Simulation RPGs\".
/m/01vtj38	Cher is an American singer and actress. Recognized for having brought the sense of female autonomy and self-actualization into the entertainment industry, she is known for her distinctive contralto singing voice and for having worked in various areas of entertainment, as well as continuously reinventing both her music and image, which has led to her being nicknamed the Goddess of Pop.\nCher became prominent in 1965 as one-half of the folk rock husband–wife duo Sonny & Cher, who popularized a particular smooth sound that successfully competed with the dominant British Invasion and Motown sounds of the era. From 1965, she had established herself as a solo artist with successful singles such as \"Bang Bang\", \"Gypsys, Tramps & Thieves\", \"Half-Breed\", and \"Dark Lady\", songs that deal with subjects rarely addressed in American popular music. Goldmine magazine's Phill Marder described her as the leader of an effort in the 1960s to \"advance feminine rebellion in the rock world [and] the prototype of the female rock star, setting the standard for appearance [and] attitude\". After the duo's drug-free lifestyle had lost its popular appeal in the United States owing to the drug culture of the 1960s, she returned to stardom in the 1970s as a television personality with her shows The Sonny & Cher Comedy Hour and Cher, both of which attained immense popularity. She became a fashion trendsetter with her daring outfits. After Cher and Sonny divorced in 1975, Cher experimented with various musical styles, including disco and new wave, before becoming a successful live act in Las Vegas.
/m/07sc6nw	Sucker Punch is a 2011 American fantasy action film directed by Zack Snyder and co-written by him and Steve Shibuya. It is Snyder's first film based on an original script. The film stars Emily Browning, Abbie Cornish, Jena Malone, Vanessa Hudgens, Jamie Chung and Carla Gugino. The storyline follows the fantasies of a young woman who is committed to a mental institution, as she makes a plan to escape the hospital before suffering a lobotomy.\nThe film was released in both conventional and IMAX theatres in the United States at midnight on March 25, 2011. The film was universally panned by critics, and under-performed box-office expectations.
/m/09xzd	Chevrolet is a make of automobile produced by Chevrolet Motor Car Company and General Motors(GM).
/m/06hgbk	Skoda Xanthi F.C., or F.C. Skoda Xanthi Athletic Club, is a Greek football club, based in the city of Xanthi. The club currently competes in the Super League Greece.
/m/06w87	Steel guitar is a type of guitar or the method of playing the instrument. Developed in Hawaii in the late 19th and early 20th centuries, a steel guitar is usually positioned horizontally; strings are plucked with one hand, while the other hand changes the pitch of one or more strings with the use of a bar or slide called a steel. The term steel guitar is often mistakenly used to describe any metal body resophonic guitar.\nSteel guitar can describe:\nA method of playing slide guitar using a steel. Resonator guitars, including round necked varieties, are particularly suitable for this style, yet are seldom referred to as \"steel guitars\", but rather referred to generally as a Dobro, acoustic slide guitar, or square neck resonator guitars. Dobro is also a brand name of one of the leading manufacturers of resonator guitars.\nA specialized instrument built for playing in steel guitar fashion. These are of several types:\nLap steel guitar, which may be:\nLap slide guitar, with a conventional wooden guitar box.\nThe square-necked variety of resonator guitar.\nElectric lap steel guitar.\nElectric console steel guitar.\nElectric pedal steel guitar.
/m/0xrzh	Paterson is a city in and the county seat of Passaic County, New Jersey, United States, in the New York City Metropolitan Area. As of the 2010 United States Census, its population was 146,199, rendering it New Jersey's third-most-populous city reflecting a decline of 3,023 from the 149,222 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn increased by 8,331 from the 140,891 counted in the 1990 Census. The Census Bureau estimated a 2012 population of 145,219, a decrease of 980 since 2010. Detailed analysis of 2011 U.S. Census Bureau data reveals that Paterson continues to carry the second-highest density of any U.S. city with over 100,000 people, behind only New York City. Paterson is known as the \"Silk City\" for its dominant role in silk production during the latter half of the 19th century but has since evolved into a major destination for Hispanic emigrants as well as for immigrants from the Arab and Muslim world.
/m/0zqq	The Canton of Aargau is one of the more northerly cantons of Switzerland. It is situated by the lower course of the River Aare, which is why the canton is called Aar-gau. It is one of the most densely populated regions of Switzerland.
/m/050l8	Montana is a state in the Western United States. The state's name is derived from the Spanish word montaña. Montana has several nicknames, none official, including \"Big Sky Country\" and \"The Treasure State\", and slogans that include \"Land of the Shining Mountains\" and more recently \"The Last Best Place\". Montana is ranked 4th in size, but 44th in population and 48th in population density of the 50 United States. The western third of Montana contains numerous mountain ranges. Smaller island ranges are found throughout the state, for a total of 77 named ranges that are part of the Rocky Mountains. The economy is primarily based on agriculture, including ranching and cereal grain farming. Other significant economic activities include oil, gas, coal and hard rock mining, lumber, and the fastest-growing sector, tourism. The health care, service, and government sectors also are significant to the state's economy. Millions of tourists annually visit Glacier National Park, the Little Bighorn Battlefield National Monument, and Yellowstone National Park.
/m/01hlq3	The Museo del Prado is the main Spanish national art museum, located in central Madrid. It features one of the world's finest collections of European art, from the 12th century to the early 19th century, based on the former Spanish Royal Collection, and unquestionably the best single collection of Spanish art. Founded as a museum of paintings and sculpture, it also contains important collections of other types of works. A new, recently opened wing enlarged the display area by about 400 paintings, and it is currently used mainly for temporary expositions. El Prado is one of the most visited sites in the world, and it is considered to be among the greatest museums of art. The large numbers of works by Francisco de Goya, the artist most extensively represented in the collection, and by Diego Velázquez, Titian, Peter Paul Rubens and Hieronymus Bosch are among the highlights of the collection.\nThe collection currently comprises around 7,600 paintings, 1,000 sculptures, 4,800 prints and 8,200 drawings, in addition to a large number of other works of art and historic documents. By 2012 the Museum will be displaying about 1300 works in the main buildings, while around 3,100 works are on temporary loan to various museums and official institutions. The remainder are in storage. The museum received 2.8 million visitors in 2012.
/m/067jsf	Sridevi is an Indian actress who has acted over three hundred films throughout her career. She has established herself as one of the most successful and influential actress of Bollywood. She has worked in different language films including Tamil, Telugu, Hindi, Malayalam and Kannada. She is a recipient of numerous awards and nominations, she has won five Filmfare Awards for Best Actress and the Nandi Award for Best Actress. She was honored for her contributions in films by various state governments, including Governments of Kerala, Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh and Maharashtra. In 2013, she was awarded the Padma Shri India's fourth highest civilian award from the Government of India. Sridevi began her career as a child artist in M.A. Thirumugham's devotional Thunaivan at the age of four, and continued to act as a child artist in Tamil, Telugu, Malayalam and Kannada films. She made her Bollywood debut as a child artist in Julie and got her first breakthrough as a lead actress with the Tamil film Moondru Mudichu. Sridevi's Bollywood debut as a lead actress was in Solva Sawan, and she attracted wide public attention with Himmatwala, which was followed by a number of popular films in the 1980s and 1990s such as Sadma, Nagina, Mr. India, Chaalbaaz, Chandni, Lamhe, Khuda Gawah and Judaai. In 2012, Sridevi returned to films after a 15-year long hiatus with English Vinglish.
/m/01mbwlb	Donald Clark \"Donny\" Osmond is an American singer, musician, actor, dancer, radio personality, and former teen idol. Osmond has also been a talk and game show host, record producer and author. In the mid-1960s, he and four of his elder brothers gained fame as The Osmonds, on the long-running variety program, The Andy Williams Show. Donny went solo in the early 1970s, covering such hits as \"Go Away Little Girl\" and \"Puppy Love\".\nFor over thirty-five years, he and younger sister Marie have gained fame as Donny & Marie, partly due to the success of their 1976–79 self-titled variety series, which aired on ABC. The duo also did a 1998–2000 talk show and have been headlining in Las Vegas since 2008. Between a highly successful teen career in the 1970s, and his rebirth in the 1990s, Osmond's career was stymied during the 1980s by what some have perceived as his \"boy scout\" image. Osmond stated on the May 1, 2009 Larry King Live show that longtime friend Michael Jackson suggested he change his name to boost his image. Osmond's agent even suggested that spreading false rumors about drug arrest charges might recharge his career. Osmond felt such allegations would have familial ramifications, and could not reconcile how lying to create a nefarious drug image could be explained to his children, nieces and nephews. In 1989, Osmond had two big-selling recordings, the first of which, \"Soldier of Love\", was initially credited to a \"mystery artist\" by some radio stations.
/m/0ddct	Piracy is typically an act of robbery or criminal violence at sea. The term can include acts committed on land, in the air, or in other major bodies of water or on a shore. It does not normally include crimes committed against persons traveling on the same vessel as the perpetrator. The term has been used throughout history to refer to raids across land borders by non-state agents.\nPiracy or pirating is the name of a specific crime under customary international law and also the name of a number of crimes under the municipal law of a number of States. It is distinguished from privateering, which is authorized by national authorities and therefore a legitimate form of war-like activity by non-state actors. Privateering is considered commerce raiding, and was outlawed by the Peace of Westphalia for signatories to those treaties.\nThose who engage in acts of piracy are called pirates. Historically, offenders have usually been apprehended by military personnel and tried by military tribunals.\nIn the 21st century, the international community is facing many problems in bringing pirates to justice.
/m/011xhx	Kiss is an American rock band formed in New York City in January 1973. Well known for its members' black and white face paint and flamboyant stage outfits, the group rose to prominence in the mid to late 1970s with their elaborate live performances, which featured fire breathing, blood spitting, smoking guitars, shooting rockets, levitating drum kits and pyrotechnics. Counting the 1978 solo albums, Kiss has been awarded 28 gold albums to date, the most of any American rock band. The band has sold more than 40 million albums in the United States, of which 24 million have been certified by the RIAA and their worldwide sales exceeds 100 million records, making them one of the world’s best-selling bands of all time. The original 1973–80 lineup consisted of Paul Stanley, Gene Simmons, Ace Frehley and Peter Criss.\nWith their makeup and costumes, they took on the personas of comic book-style characters: Starchild, The Demon, Spaceman or Space Ace and Catman. Stanley became the \"Starchild\" because of his tendency to be referred to as the \"starry-eyed lover\" and \"hopeless romantic\". The \"Demon\" makeup reflected Simmons' cynicism and dark sense of humor, as well as his affection for comic books. Frehley's \"Spaceman\" makeup was a reflection of his fondness for science fiction and his supposedly being from another planet. Criss' \"Catman\" makeup was in accordance with the belief that he had nine lives because of his rough childhood in Brooklyn. Due to creative differences, both Criss and Frehley were out of the group by 1982. The band's commercial fortunes had waned considerably by that point.
/m/02rlzj	The Harvard Lampoon is an undergraduate humor publication founded in 1876 by seven undergraduates at Harvard University in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
/m/0479b	Keanu Charles Reeves is a Canadian actor. Reeves is known for his roles in Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure, Speed, Point Break, and The Matrix trilogy as Neo. He has collaborated with major directors such as Stephen Frears; Gus Van Sant; and Bernardo Bertolucci. Referring to his 1991 film releases, The New York Times' critic, Janet Maslin, praised Reeves' versatility, saying that he \"displays considerable discipline and range. He moves easily between the buttoned-down demeanor that suits a police procedural story and the loose-jointed manner of his comic roles.\" A repeated theme in roles he has portrayed is that of saving the world, including the characters of Ted Logan, Buddha, Neo, Johnny Mnemonic, John Constantine and Klaatu.\nIn addition to his film roles, Reeves has acted in theatre. His performance in the title role for Manitoba Theatre Centre's production of Hamlet was praised by Roger Lewis of The Sunday Times, who declared Reeves \"one of the top three Hamlets I have seen, for a simple reason: he is Hamlet.\" On January 31, 2005, Reeves received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
/m/01zll8	Bandung is the capital of West Java province in Indonesia, the country's third largest city by population, and second largest metropolitan area in Indonesia with a population of 2.4 million in 2010. Located 768 metres above sea level, approximately 140 kilometres south east of Jakarta, Bandung has cooler temperatures year-round than most other Indonesian cities. The city lies on a river basin surrounded by volcanic mountains. This topography provides a good natural defense system, which was the primary reason for the Dutch East Indies government's plan to move the colony capital from Batavia to Bandung.\nThe Dutch colonials first established tea plantations around the mountains in the eighteenth century, and a road was constructed to connect the plantation area to the capital. The Dutch inhabitants of the city demanded establishment of a municipality, which was granted in 1906, and Bandung gradually developed itself into a resort city for plantation owners. Luxurious hotels, restaurants, cafes and European boutiques were opened, hence the city was nicknamed Parijs van Java.²
/m/03b1l8	The Fabulous Baker Boys is a 1989 American romantic comedy-drama musical film written and directed by Steve Kloves, and starring real life brothers Jeff Bridges and Beau Bridges as two brothers struggling to make a living as lounge jazz pianists in Seattle. In desperation, they take on a female singer, Michelle Pfeiffer, who revitalizes their careers, causing the brothers to re-examine their relationship with each other and with their music.\nIt was nominated for Academy Awards for Best Actress in a Leading Role, Best Cinematography, Best Film Editing and Best Music, Original Score.\nFilm critic Roger Ebert described this film as \"one of the movies they will use as a document, years from now, when they begin to trace the steps by which Pfeiffer became a great star.\"
/m/075k5	The Spanish Civil War was fought from 17 July 1936 to 1 April 1939 between the Republicans, who were loyal to the established Spanish Republic, and the Nationalists, a rebel group led by General Francisco Franco. The Nationalists prevailed, and Franco ruled Spain for the next 36 years, from 1939 until his death in 1975.\nThe war began after a pronunciamiento by a group of generals of the Spanish Republican Armed Forces, under the leadership of José Sanjurjo, against the elected government of the Second Spanish Republic, at the time under the leadership of President Manuel Azaña. The rebel coup was supported by a number of conservative groups, including the Spanish Confederation of the Autonomous Right, monarchists such as the religious conservative Carlists, and the Fascist Falange.\nThe coup was supported by military units in Morocco, Pamplona, Burgos, Valladolid, Cádiz, Cordova, and Seville. However, rebelling units in important cities—such as Madrid, Barcelona, Valencia, Bilbao, and Málaga—were unable to capture their objectives, and those cities remained in control of the government. Spain was thus left militarily and politically divided. The Nationalists, now led by General Francisco Franco, and the Republican government fought for control of the country. The Nationalist forces received munitions and soldiers from Nazi Germany and Fascist Italy, while the Soviet Union and Mexico intervened in support of the \"Loyalist\", or \"Republican\", side. Other countries, such as Britain and France, operated an official policy of non-intervention, although France did send in some munitions.
/m/0j6j8	The Carnegie Medal is a British literary award that annually recognises one outstanding new book for children or young adults. It is conferred upon the author by the Chartered Institute of Library and Information Professionals. CILIP calls it \"the UK's oldest and most prestigious book award for children's writing\" and says that writers call it \"the one they want to win\".\nThe Medal is named after the Scottish-born American philanthropist Andrew Carnegie, who founded more than 2800 libraries in the English-speaking world, including at least one in more than half of British library authorities. It was established in 1935 by the British Library Association partly to celebrate the centennial of Carnegie's birth and inaugurated in 1937 by the award to Arthur Ransome for Pigeon Post and the identification of two Commended books. That first Medal was dated 1936; only since 2007 it is dated by its presentation, which is now one or two years after publication.
/m/01xqqp	The 35th Annual Grammy Awards were held in 1993. They recognized accomplishments by musicians from the previous year. Eric Clapton was the night's big winner, winning 6 awards including Album of the Year. The host was host Garry Shandling
/m/02r0st6	Joseph Sargent is an American film director. He has directed many television movies, but his best known feature film works are probably White Lightning, MacArthur, Nightmares and Jaws: The Revenge, with his most popular film being The Taking of Pelham One Two Three. He has won four Emmy Awards. He is the father of anime dubbing voice actress Lia Sargent.
/m/02z0j	Frankfurt am Main, commonly known as Frankfurt, is the largest city in the German state of Hesse and the fifth-largest city in Germany, with a 2012 population of 687,775. The urban area had an estimated population of 2,300,000 in 2010. The city is at the centre of the larger Frankfurt Rhine-Main Metropolitan Region which has a population of 5,600,000 and is Germany's second-largest metropolitan region. Since the enlargement of the European Union in 2013, the geographic centre of the EU is about 40 km east of Frankfurt.\nFrankfurt is the largest financial centre in continental Europe and ranks among the world's leading financial centres. It is home to the European Central Bank, Deutsche Bundesbank, Frankfurt Stock Exchange and several large commercial banks. The European Central Bank is the central bank of the eurozone, consisting of 18 EU member states that have adopted the euro as their common currency and sole legal tender. The Deutsche Bundesbank is the central bank of Germany and as such part of the European System of Central Banks. The Frankfurt Stock Exchange is one of the world's largest stock exchanges by market capitalization and accounts for over 90 percent of the turnover in the German market. In 2010, 63 national and 152 international banks had their registered offices in Frankfurt, including the headquarters of the major German banks, notably Deutsche Bank, Commerzbank, DZ Bank and KfW, as well as 41 representative offices of international banks.
/m/02y49	Fritz Reuter Leiber, Jr. was an American writer of fantasy, horror, and science fiction. He was also a poet, actor in theater and films, playwright and chess expert With writers such as Robert E. Howard and Michael Moorcock, Leiber can be regarded as one of the fathers of sword and sorcery fantasy. Moreover, he excelled in all fields of speculative fiction, writing award-winning work in fantasy, horror, and science fiction.
/m/01p95y0	Lewis Brian Hopkins Jones was the founder and original bandleader of the Rolling Stones. Jones was a multi-instrumentalist, with his main instruments being the guitar, the harmonica and the keyboards. His innovative use of traditional or folk instruments, such as the sitar and marimba, was integral to the changing sound of the band.\nAlthough he was originally the leader of the group, Jones's fellow band members Mick Jagger and Keith Richards soon overshadowed him, especially after they became a successful songwriting team. He developed a serious drug problem over the years and his role in the band steadily diminished. He was asked to leave the Rolling Stones in June 1969 and guitarist Mick Taylor took his place in the group. Jones died less than a month later by drowning in the swimming pool at his home on Cotchford Farm in Hartfield, East Sussex.\nOriginal Rolling Stones bassist Bill Wyman said of Jones, \"He formed the band. He chose the members. He named the band. He chose the music we played. He got us gigs. ... Very influential, very important, and then slowly lost it -- highly intelligent -- and just kind of wasted it and blew it all away.\"
/m/01ypc	The Cincinnati Reds are a Major League Baseball team based in Cincinnati, Ohio. They are members of the National League Central Division. Established in 1881 as an independent club, the team became a charter member of the American Association in 1882, and joined the National League in 1890. The club traditionally traces its origin to baseball's first openly professional team in 1869.\nThe Reds have won five World Series titles, one American Association pennant, nine National League pennants and ten division titles. The Reds played in the National League West between 1969 and 1993 and have been in the National League Central since 1994.\nSince 2003, the Reds have played at Great American Ball Park, built next to their home from 1970 to 2002, Riverfront Stadium. Bob Castellini has owned the Cincinnati Reds since 2006.
/m/03xpfzg	Matt Selman is the husband of Renee Ridgeley.
/m/015gw6	Sir Alan Arthur Bates, CBE was an English actor who came to prominence in the 1960s, a time of high creativity in British cinema, when he appeared in films ranging from the popular children's story Whistle Down the Wind to the \"kitchen sink\" drama A Kind of Loving. He is also known for his performance with Anthony Quinn in Zorba the Greek, as well as his roles in King of Hearts, Georgy Girl, Far From the Madding Crowd, and The Fixer, which gave him an Academy Award nomination for Best Actor. In 1969, he starred in the Ken Russell film Women in Love with Oliver Reed and Glenda Jackson.\nBates went on to star in The Go-Between, An Unmarried Woman, Nijinsky, and The Rose with Bette Midler, as well as playing varied roles in television drama, including The Mayor of Casterbridge, Harold Pinter's The Collection, A Voyage Round My Father, An Englishman Abroad, and Pack of Lies. He also continued to appear on the stage, notably in the plays of Simon Gray, such as Butley and Otherwise Engaged.
/m/01gqg3	The Nine Years' War – often called the War of the Grand Alliance, the War of the Palatine Succession, or the War of the League of Augsburg – was a major war of the late 17th century fought between King Louis XIV of France, and a European-wide coalition, the Grand Alliance, led by the Anglo-Dutch Stadtholder-King William III, Holy Roman Emperor Leopold I, King Charles II of Spain, Victor Amadeus II of Savoy, and the major and minor princes of the Holy Roman Empire. The Nine Years' War was fought primarily on mainland Europe and its surrounding waters, but it also encompassed a theatre in Ireland and in Scotland, where William III and James II struggled for control of the British Isles, and a campaign between French and English settlers and their respective Indian allies in colonial North America. The War was the second of Louis XIV's three major wars.\nLouis XIV had emerged from the Franco-Dutch War in 1678 as the most powerful monarch in Europe; but, although he had expanded his realm, the 'Sun King' remained unsatisfied. Using a combination of aggression, annexation, and quasi-legal manoeuvres, Louis XIV immediately set about extending his gains to stabilise and strengthen France's frontiers, culminating in the brief War of the Reunions. The resulting Truce of Ratisbon guaranteed the extended borders of France for twenty years, but Louis XIV's subsequent actions – notably his revocation of the Edict of Nantes in 1685, and his attempt to extend his influence in the German Rhineland – led to the deterioration of his military and political dominance. Louis XIV's decision to cross the Rhine and besiege Philippsburg in September 1688 was intended to pre-empt a strike against France by Emperor Leopold I and to force the Holy Roman Empire into accepting his territorial and dynastic claims. But, when the Emperor and the German princes resolved to resist, and when the States-General and William III brought the Dutch and the English into the war against France, Louis XIV at last faced a powerful coalition aimed at curtailing his ambitions.
/m/0jfgk	The Second Intifada, also known as the Al-Aqsa Intifada, was the second Palestinian uprising against the Israeli occupation – a period of intensified Palestinian–Israeli violence. It started in September 2000, when Ariel Sharon made a visit to the Temple Mount, seen by Palestinians as highly provocative; and Palestinian demonstrators, throwing stones at police, were dispersed by the Israeli army with military force, using lethal ammunition.\nBoth parties caused high numbers of casualties among civilians as well as combatants: the Palestinians by numerous bomb attacks and gunfire; the Israelis by tank and gunfire and air attacks, by numerous targeted killings, and by harsh reactions on demonstrations. The death toll, including both military and civilian, is estimated to be about 3,000 Palestinians and 1,000 Israelis, as well as 64 foreigners.\nSome consider the Sharm el-Sheikh Summit on 8 February 2005 the end of the Second Intifada, when President Mahmoud Abbas and Prime Minister Ariel Sharon agreed to stop all acts of violence against Israelis and Palestinians and reaffirmed their commitment to the Roadmap for peace.
/m/01vw_dv	Jonathan Smith, better known by his stage name Lil Jon, is an American rapper, record producer, entrepreneur, and international DJ who was a member of the group Lil Jon & The East Side Boyz. Lil Jon formed the group in 1997, and the group released several albums between then and 2004. He then went solo and released a new album in 2010 called Crunk Rock. He was also featured on Celebrity Apprentice during its 11th and 13th seasons.
/m/02nd_	The Empire State Building is a 103-story skyscraper located in Midtown Manhattan, New York City, at the intersection of Fifth Avenue and West 34th Street. It has a roof height of 1,250 feet, and with its antenna spire included, it stands a total of 1,454 ft high. Its name is derived from the nickname for New York, the Empire State. It stood as the world's tallest building for nearly 40 years, from its completion in early 1931 until the topping out of the World Trade Center's North Tower in late 1970. Following the September 11 attacks in 2001, the Empire State Building was again the tallest building in New York, until One World Trade Center reached a greater height on April 30, 2012. The Empire State Building is currently the fourth-tallest completed skyscraper in the United States, and the 23rd-tallest in the world. It is also the fourth-tallest freestanding structure in the Americas.\nThe Empire State Building is generally thought of as an American cultural icon. It is designed in the distinctive Art Deco style and has been named as one of the Seven Wonders of the Modern World by the American Society of Civil Engineers. The building and its street floor interior are designated landmarks of the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission, and confirmed by the New York City Board of Estimate. It was designated as a National Historic Landmark in 1986. In 2007, it was ranked number one on the AIA's List of America's Favorite Architecture.
/m/0bqs56	Conan Christopher O'Brien is an American television host, comedian, writer, producer, musician, and voice actor. He is best known for hosting several late-night talk shows, the most recent of which, Conan, premiered on American cable television station TBS in 2010. O'Brien was born in Brookline, Massachusetts, and was raised in an Irish Catholic family. He served as president of the Harvard Lampoon while attending Harvard University, and was a writer for the sketch comedy series Not Necessarily the News.\nAfter writing for several comedy shows in Los Angeles, he joined the writing staff of Saturday Night Live. O'Brien was a writer and producer for The Simpsons for two seasons until he was commissioned by NBC to take over David Letterman's position as host of Late Night in 1993. A virtual unknown to the public, O'Brien's initial time on Late Night tenure received unfavorable reviews and remained on a multiweek renewal cycle during its early years. The show generally improved over time and was highly regarded by the time of his departure in 2009. Afterwards, O'Brien relocated from New York to Los Angeles to host his own incarnation of The Tonight Show for seven months until network politics prompted a host change in 2010.
/m/02f73p	The following is a list of MTV Video Music Award winners for Best Cinematography in a Video. Madonna and director of photography Harris Savides are the biggest winners in this category, with 3 wins each. Madonna is also the biggest nominee in the category's history, having received a total of ten nominations. On the side of the professionals, meanwhile, Daniel Pearl is the biggest nominee with eight nominations. He is followed by fellow cinematographers Martin Coppen, who has six nominations, and Harris Savides, Thomas Kloss, and Jeff Cronenweth, all with five.
/m/051vz	The Milwaukee Brewers are a professional baseball team based in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. The team is a member of the Central Division of Major League Baseball's National League and plays its home games at Miller Park. The team is so named because of the city's association with the brewing industry.
/m/03f4k	George Gershwin was an American composer and pianist. Gershwin's compositions spanned both popular and classical genres, and his most popular melodies are widely known. Among his best known works are the orchestral compositions Rhapsody in Blue and An American in Paris, as well as the opera Porgy and Bess.\nGershwin studied piano under Charles Hambitzer and composition with Rubin Goldmark and Henry Cowell. He began his career as a song plugger, but soon started composing Broadway theatre works with his brother Ira Gershwin and Buddy DeSylva. He moved to Paris to study with Nadia Boulanger, where he began to compose An American in Paris. After returning to New York City, he wrote Porgy and Bess with Ira and the author DuBose Heyward. Initially a commercial failure, Porgy and Bess is now considered one of the most important American operas of the twentieth century. Gershwin moved to Hollywood and composed numerous film scores until his death in 1937 from a brain tumor.\nGershwin's compositions have been adapted for use in many films and for television, and several became jazz standards recorded in many variations. Countless celebrated singers and musicians have covered his songs.
/m/06rkfs	Franklin & Marshall College is a four-year private co-educational residential national liberal arts college in the Northwest Corridor neighborhood of Lancaster, Pennsylvania, United States. It employs 175 full-time faculty members and has a student body of approximately 2,324 full-time students.\nIn 2011 F&M was ranked as the 4th Most Rigorous College/University on Newsweek's \"The Daily Beast\". F&M was ranked 41st on U.S. News & World Report's 2010 list of liberal arts colleges. Forbes' 2009 list of \"America's Best Colleges\" ranked the school 36th overall, and 33rd among private colleges. It was also ranked #1 in the nation for \"Faculty accessibility\" by The Princeton Review in 2003. The college is a member of the Centennial Conference. For the Class of 2012 Admissions Cycle, the acceptance rate dropped to 35.9%, making it F&M's most selective class yet while increasing the admissions profile. The average SAT score is 1311, which combines the Critical Reading and Math portions. The average class size is 19 students, and the student-faculty ratio is 9:1.
/m/04mx8h4	The Penguins of Madagascar is an American CGI animated television series airing on Nickelodeon. It stars nine characters from the DreamWorks Animation animated film Madagascar: The penguins Skipper, Rico, Kowalski, and Private; the lemurs King Julien, Maurice, and Mort; and Mason and Phil the chimpanzees. Characters new to the series include Marlene the otter and a zookeeper named Alice. It is the first Nicktoon produced with DreamWorks Animation.\nA pilot episode, \"Gone in a Flash\", aired as part of \"Superstuffed Nicktoons Weekend\" on November 29, 2008, and The Penguins of Madagascar became a regular series on March 28, 2009. The series premiere drew 6.1 million viewers, setting a new record as the most-watched premiere.\nAlthough the series occasionally alludes to the rest of the franchise, The Penguins of Madagascar does not take place at a precise time within it. McGrath, who is also the co-creator of the film characters, has said that the series takes place \"not specifically before or after the movie, I just wanted them all back at the zoo. I think of it as taking place in a parallel universe.\"
/m/03m5x4	The NBA Finals is the championship series of the National Basketball Association. The series was named the NBA World Championship Series until 1986.\nThe series is played between the winners of the Western and Eastern Conference Finals. At the conclusion of the championship round, the winners of four games of the NBA Finals are awarded the Larry O'Brien Championship Trophy. The NBA Finals has been played at the end of every NBA and Basketball Association of America season in history, the first being held in 1947.\nBetween 1985 and 2013, the winner of the NBA Finals has been determined through a 2–3–2 format: the first and last two games of the series are played at the arena of the team who earned home court advantage by having the better record during the regular season. Most NBA Finals series have been played under the 2–2–1–1–1 format prior to 1985, and the format will be used again in 2014 and beyond.
/m/0162c8	Brett Ratner is an American film director, film producer, and music video director. He is known for directing the Rush Hour film series, The Family Man, Red Dragon, X-Men: The Last Stand, and Tower Heist. He was also a producer on the Fox drama series, Prison Break.
/m/05b2f_k	Leslie Dilley is a Welsh production designer and art director. He has won two Academy Awards and has been nominated for three more in the category Best Art Direction.
/m/02581q	The Grammy Award for Best Classical Crossover Album was awarded from 1999 to 2011.\nThe award will be discontinued from 2012 in a major overhaul of Grammy categories. Basically, the Best Classical Crossover Album category will disappear. If a classical crossover release is a non-classical artist making a classical album it should be entered in the appropriate classical category. If the release is a classical artist making a non-classical album it should be entered in the appropriate genre category\nYears reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were presented, for works released in the previous year.
/m/016zwt	Nepal, officially the Federal Democratic Republic of Nepal, is a landlocked sovereign state located in South Asia. With an area of 147,181 square kilometres and a population of approximately 27 million, Nepal is the world's 93rd largest country by land mass and the 41st most populous country. It is located in the Himalayas and bordered to the north by the People's Republic of China, and to the south, east, and west by the Republic of India. Specifically, the Indian states of Uttarakhand, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, West Bengal, and Sikkim border Nepal, while across the Himalayas lies the Tibetan Autonomous Region. Nepal is separated from Bangladesh by the narrow Indian Siliguri corridor. Kathmandu is the nation's capital and largest metropolis.\nThe mountainous north of Nepal has eight of the world's ten tallest mountains, including the highest point on Earth, Mount Everest, called Sagarmatha in Nepali. It contains more than 240 peaks over 20,000 ft above sea level. The southern Terai region is fertile and humid. Lumbini, the birthplace of Lord Gautam Buddha, is located in this region. Lumbini is one of the holiest places of one of the world's great religions, and its remains contain important evidence about the nature of Buddhist pilgrimage centres from as early as the 3rd century BC.
/m/0jnwx	Aladdin is a 1992 American animated musical fantasy film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures. Aladdin was the 31st animated feature in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series, and was part of the Disney film era known as the Disney Renaissance. The film was directed by John Musker and Ron Clements, and is based on the Arab folktale of Aladdin and the magic lamp from One Thousand and One Nights. The voice cast features Scott Weinger, Jonathan Freeman, Robin Williams, Linda Larkin, Frank Welker, Gilbert Gottfried, and Douglas Seale.\nLyricist Howard Ashman first pitched the idea, and the screenplay went through three drafts before Disney president Jeffrey Katzenberg agreed to its production. The animators based their designs on the work of caricaturist Al Hirschfeld, and computers were used for both colouring and creating some animated elements. The musical score was written by Alan Menken and features six songs with lyrics written by both Ashman and Tim Rice, who took over after Ashman's death.\nAladdin was released on November 25, 1992 to positive reviews and was the most successful film of 1992, earning over $217 million in revenue in the United States, and over $504 million worldwide. The film also won many awards, most of them for its soundtrack. Aladdin's success led to other material inspired by the film, including two direct-to-video sequels, The Return of Jafar and Aladdin and the King of Thieves; an animated television series; toys, video games, spin-offs, and Disney merchandise. A Broadway adaptation is scheduled to debut in 2014.
/m/04s2z	A mathematician is a person with an extensive knowledge of mathematics who uses this knowledge in their work, typically to solve mathematical problems. Mathematics is concerned with numbers, data, collection, quantity, structure, space, models and change.\nMathematicians involved with solving problems outside of pure mathematics are called applied mathematicians. Applied mathematicians are mathematical scientists who, with their specialized knowledge and professional methodology, approach many of the imposing problems presented in related scientific fields. With professional focus on a wide variety of problems, theoretical systems, and localized constructs, applied mathematicians work regularly in the study and formulation of mathematical models. Mathematicians and applied mathematicians are considered to be two of the STEM careers.\nThe discipline of applied mathematics concerns itself with mathematical methods that are typically used in science, engineering, business, and industry; thus, \"applied mathematics\" is a mathematical science with specialized knowledge. The term \"applied mathematics\" also describes the professional specialty in which mathematicians work on problems, often concrete but sometimes abstract. As professionals focused on problem solving, applied mathematicians look into the formulation, study, and use of mathematical models in science, engineering, business, and other areas of mathematical practice.
/m/01mxqyk	Benjamin \"BeBe\" Winans is a gospel and R&B singer. He is a member of the noted Winans family, most members of which are also gospel artists.
/m/05z_p6	Mark Robson was a Canadian-born film director, producer and editor. Robson began his 45-year career in Hollywood as a film editor. He later began working as a director and producer. He directed thirty-four films during his career including The Bridges at Toko-Ri, Peyton Place, for which he earned his first Academy Award nomination, Von Ryan's Express, and Valley of the Dolls.\nRobson died of a heart attack after shooting his final film, Avalanche Express, in 1978. The film was released a year after his death.
/m/09f3c	Seville is a Spanish city, it is the capital and largest city of the autonomous community of Andalusia and the province of Seville. It is situated on the plain of the River Guadalquivir. The inhabitants of the city are known as sevillanos or hispalenses, after the Roman name of the city, Hispalis. Seville has a municipal population of about 703,000 as of 2011, and a metropolitan population of about 1.5 million, making it the fourth-largest city in Spain and the 30th most populous municipality in the European Union. Its Old Town, the third largest in Europe with an area of 4 square kilometres, contains three UNESCO World Heritage Sites: the Alcázar palace complex, the Cathedral and the General Archive of the Indies. The Seville harbour, located about 80 kilometres from the Atlantic Ocean, is the only river port in Spain.\nSeville was founded as the Roman city of Hispalis, and was known as Ishbiliya after the Muslim conquest in 712. During the Muslim rule in Spain, Seville came under the jurisdiction of the Caliphate of Córdoba before becoming the independent Taifa of Seville; later it was ruled by the Muslim Almoravids and the Almohads until finally being incorporated into the Christian Kingdom of Castile under Ferdinand III in 1248. After the discovery of the Americas, Seville became one of the economic centres of the Spanish Empire as its port monopolised the trans-oceanic trade and the Casa de Contratación wielded its power, opening a Golden Age of arts and literature. In 1519, Ferdinand Magellan departed from Seville for the first circumnavigation of the Earth. Coinciding with the Baroque period of European history, the 17th century in Seville represented the most brilliant flowering of the city's culture; then began a gradual economic and demographic decline as silting in the Guadalquivir forced the trade monopoly to relocate to the nearby port of Cádiz.
/m/089g6	Zionism is the national movement of Jews and Jewish culture that supports the creation of a Jewish homeland in the territory defined as the Land of Israel. A religious variety of Zionism supports Jews upholding their Jewish identity, opposes the assimilation of Jews into other societies and has advocated the return of Jews to Israel as a means for Jews to be a majority in their own nation, and to be liberated from antisemitic discrimination, exclusion, and persecution that had historically occurred in the diaspora. Zionism emerged in the late 19th century in central and eastern Europe as a national revival movement, and soon after this most leaders of the movement associated the main goal with creating the desired state in Palestine, then an area controlled by the Ottoman Empire. Since the establishment of the State of Israel, the Zionist movement continues primarily to advocate on behalf of the Jewish state and address threats to its continued existence and security. In a less common usage, the term may also refer to non-political, cultural Zionism, founded and represented most prominently by Ahad Ha'am; and political support for the State of Israel by non-Jews, as in Christian Zionism.
/m/0mkv3	La Crosse County is a county located in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of the 2010 census, the population was 114,638. Its county seat is La Crosse.\nLa Crosse County is included in the La Crosse-Onalaska, WI-MN La Crosse Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/02581c	The Grammy Award for Best Classical Album was awarded from 1962 to 2011. The award had several minor name changes:\nFrom 1962 to 1963, 1965 to 1972 and 1974 to 1976 the award was known as Album of the Year - Classical\nIn 1964 and 1977 it was awarded as Classical Album of the Year\nIn 1973 and from 1978 to the present it has been awarded as Best Classical Album\nThe award was discontinued from 2012 in a major overhaul of Grammy categories. From then on, recordings in this category fall under the Album of the Year category.\nYears reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were presented, for works released in the previous year.
/m/04pz5c	Jeffrey \"Jeff\" Garlin is an American comedian, actor, producer, voice artist, director, writer, podcast host and author. He has acted in many television shows and some movies, but is best known for his role as Jeff Greene on the HBO show Curb Your Enthusiasm. He currently stars in the ABC sitcom The Goldbergs.
/m/02q0k7v	Body of Lies is a 2008 American action-spy film directed by Ridley Scott. Set in the Middle East, it follows the attempts of the CIA and Jordanian Intelligence to catch \"al-Saleem\", a fictional jihadist terrorist. Frustrated by their target's elusiveness, differences in their approaches strain relations between a CIA operative, his superior, and the head of Jordanian Intelligence.\nWilliam Monahan's screenplay, based on the novel of the same name by David Ignatius, examines contemporary tension between Western and Arab societies and the comparative effectiveness of technological and human counter-intelligence methods. The film was shot largely on location in the United States and Morocco, after authorities in Dubai refused permission to film there because of the script's political themes. The film's photography sought to emphasize the contrast between the gold and dust of the desert and Arab cities, and the blue and gray of bureaucracy and Washington. Accordingly, they used natural light wherever possible. Marc Streitenfeld arranged the musical score.\nScott's direction and visual style were praised by critics, but they criticized his formulaic handling of the story and use of conventions from the spy genre, such as surveillance shots from high-altitude spy planes. The performances by Leonardo DiCaprio, Russell Crowe, and Mark Strong as the three principals were particularly mentioned, including DiCaprio's involvement with his character, Crowe's put-on accent and weight, and Strong's urbane sophistication.
/m/07s2s	Time travel is the concept of moving between different points in time in a manner analogous to moving between different points in space, generally using a theoretical invention, namely a time machine. It has a commonly recognized place in philosophy and fiction, but has a very limited application in real world physics, such as in quantum mechanics or wormholes.\nAlthough the 1895 novel The Time Machine by H. G. Wells was instrumental in moving the concept of time travel to the forefront of the public imagination, non-technological forms of time travel had appeared in a number of earlier stories. Historically, the concept dates back to the early mythologies of Hinduism and Buddhism through ancient folk tales. More recently, with advancing technology and a greater scientific understanding of the universe, the plausibility of time travel has been explored in greater detail by science fiction writers, philosophers, and physicists.
/m/01dq0z	Carleton University is a comprehensive university located in the capital of Canada, Ottawa, Ontario. The enabling legislation is The Carleton University Act, 1952, S.O. 1952. Originally founded on rented premises in 1942, Carleton would grow in size to meet the needs of returning World War II veterans and later became Ontario's first private, non-denominational college. It would expand further in the 1960s, consistent with government policy that saw increased access to higher education as a social good and means to economic growth, and is today a public university, offering more than 65 academic programs across a wide range of disciplines. Carleton is reputed for its strength in a variety of fields, such as engineering, humanities, international business and many of the disciplines housed in its Faculty of Public Affairs.\nIt is named after the former Carleton County, Ontario, which included the city of Ottawa at the time Carleton was founded. Carleton County, in turn, was named in honour of Guy Carleton, 1st Baron Dorchester, an early Governor-General of British North America. Carleton currently houses more than 22,000 undergraduate and more than 3,000 postgraduate students. Its campus is located west of Old Ottawa South, within close proximity to The Glebe and Confederation Heights, and is bounded to the north by the Rideau Canal and Dow's Lake and to the south by the Rideau River. The university is represented in Canadian Interuniversity Sport by the Carleton Ravens.
/m/01n7rc	Sunderland is a city which lies at the heart of the City of Sunderland metropolitan borough, a part of Tyne and Wear, in North East England. It is situated at the mouth of the River Wear.\nHistorically a part of County Durham, there were three original settlements on the site of modern-day Sunderland. On the north side of the river, Monkwearmouth was settled in 674 when Benedict Biscop founded the Wearmouth-Jarrow monastery. Opposite the monastery on the south bank, Bishopwearmouth was founded in 930. A small fishing village called Sunderland, located toward the mouth of the river was granted a charter in 1179.\nOver the centuries, Sunderland grew as a port, trading coal and salt. Ships began to be built on the river in the 14th century. By the 19th century, the port of Sunderland had grown to absorb Bishopwearmouth and Monkwearmouth.\nA person who is born or lives around the Sunderland area is sometimes colloquially known as a Mackem.
/m/01934k	Loretta Young was an American actress. Starting as a child actress, she had a long and varied career in film from 1917 to 1953. She won the 1948 best actress Academy Award for her role in the 1947 film The Farmer's Daughter, and received an Oscar nomination for her role in Come to the Stable, in 1949. Young moved to the relatively new medium of television, where she had a dramatic anthology series, The Loretta Young Show, from 1953 to 1961. The series earned three Emmy Awards, and reran successfully on daytime TV and later in syndication. In the 1980s Young returned to the small screen and won a Golden Globe in Christmas Eve in 1989. Young, a devout Roman Catholic, worked with various Catholic charities after her acting career.
/m/02v63m	Scream 3 is a 2000 American slasher film created by Kevin Williamson, directed by Wes Craven and written by Ehren Kruger, starring Neve Campbell, Courteney Cox Arquette and David Arquette. It was released on February 4, 2000 as the third installment in the Scream film series. The events of the story are set three years after those of Scream 2 and follows Sidney Prescott who has gone into self-imposed isolation following the events of the previous two films but is drawn to Hollywood after a new Ghostface begins killing the cast of the film within a film \"Stab 3\". Scream 3 combines the violence of the slasher genre with comedy and \"whodunit\" mystery while satirizing the cliché of film trilogies. Unlike the previous Scream films, there was an increased emphasis on comedic elements and the violence and horror was reduced in response to increased public scrutiny about violence in media following the Columbine High School massacre. The film was the concluding chapter of the Scream series until it was revived with a sequel, Scream 4, in 2011.\nWilliamson provided a five-page outline for two sequels to Scream when auctioning his original script, hoping to entice bidders with the potential of buying a franchise. Williamson's commitments to other projects meant he was unable to develop a complete script for Scream 3 and writing duties were undertaken by Ehren Kruger who discarded much of Williamson's notes. Craven and Marco Beltrami returned to direct and score the film respectively as they had with the previous two series entries. Production was troubled with script rewrites, with pages sometimes only ready on the day of filming, and scheduling difficulties with the main cast.
/m/0bwgc_	Carey Hannah Mulligan is an English actress. She made her film debut as Kitty Bennet in Pride & Prejudice. She has had roles in several British television programmes such as Doctor Who, Bleak House, and Northanger Abbey. In 2008, she made her Broadway debut in the revival of Chekhov's The Seagull to critical acclaim.\nIn 2009, she gained widespread recognition for her performance as Jenny in An Education, for which she was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role, and for which she won a BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role. She was also nominated for a Golden Globe and a Screen Actors Guild Award. She has gone on to star in The Greatest, Never Let Me Go, Drive, Shame, The Great Gatsby, and Inside Llewyn Davis.
/m/02z4b_8	Adele Laurie Blue Adkins MBE, better known simply as Adele, is an English singer, songwriter, musician, and multi-instrumentalist. Adele was offered a recording contract from XL Recordings after a friend posted her demo on Myspace in 2006. The next year she received the Brit Awards \"Critics' Choice\" award and won the BBC Sound of 2008. Her debut album, 19, was released in 2008 to commercial and critical success. It certified four times platinum in the UK, and double platinum in the US. Her career in the US was boosted by a Saturday Night Live appearance in late 2008. At the 2009 Grammy Awards, Adele received the awards for Best New Artist and Best Female Pop Vocal Performance.\nAdele released her second album, 21, in early 2011. The album was well received critically and surpassed the success of her début, earning the singer six Grammy Awards in 2012 including Album of the Year, equalling the record for most Grammy Awards won by a female artist in one night. The album has also led to her receiving numerous other awards, including two Brit Awards and three American Music Awards. The album has been certified 16 times platinum in the UK; in the US the album has held the top position longer than any other album since 1985, and is certified Diamond. According to the IFPI, the album has sold over 26 million copies worldwide.
/m/01mtqf	Stomach cancer, or gastric cancer, refers to cancer arising from any part of the stomach. Stomach cancer causes over 700,000 deaths worldwide per year. Prognosis is poor with a 5-year survival rate of <5 to 15%, largely because most patients present with advanced disease.
/m/0gyr_7	ABC1 is a national public television network in Australia. Launched on 5 November 1956 it is the responsibility of the ABC's television division, and is available nationally.
/m/018zqj	The Canadian Forces, officially the Canadian Armed Forces, is the unified armed force of Canada, as constituted by the National Defence Act, which states: \"The Canadian Forces are the armed forces of Her Majesty raised by Canada and consist of one Service called the Canadian Armed Forces.\"\nThis unified institution consists of sea, land and air elements referred to as the Royal Canadian Navy, Canadian Army, and Royal Canadian Air Force. Personnel may belong to either the Regular Force or the Reserve Force, which has four sub-components: the Primary Reserve, Supplementary Reserve, Cadet Organizations Administration and Training Service, and the Canadian Rangers. The Department of National Defence provides Parliamentary oversight and is the civilian support system for the Canadian Forces.\nThe Canadian Forces is managed by the Armed Forces Council, chaired by the Chief of the Defence Staff. The Commander-in-Chief is the reigning Canadian monarch, Queen Elizabeth II, who is represented by the Governor General of Canada.
/m/0690ct	Le Mans Football Club was a French association football club based in Le Mans. The club was founded in 1985 as a result of a merger under the name Le Mans Union Club 72. In 2010, Le Mans changed its name to Le Mans FC to coincide with the re-modeling of the club, which includes moving into a new stadium, MMArena, which opened in January 2011. The club currently plays in Ligue 2, the second level of French football having suffered relegation from Ligue 1 following the 2009–10 season. The team decided to split up in October 2013.
/m/01lcxbb	Frederick Dewayne \"Freddie\" Hubbard was an American jazz trumpeter. He was known primarily for playing in the bebop, hard bop and post-bop styles from the early 1960s and on. His unmistakable and influential tone contributed to new perspectives for modern jazz and bebop.
/m/043c4j	Matthew Chamberlain is an American drummer, producer, and sound engineer. He is currently based in Los Angeles, California.
/m/0dwfw	County Tyrone is one of the six counties of Northern Ireland. Adjoined to the south-west shore of Lough Neagh, the county covers an area of 3,155 km², with a population of approximately 177,986, with its county town being Omagh. It is also one of the thirty-two traditional counties of Ireland, lying within the historical province of Ulster.\nTyrone is the seventh largest fgt of Ireland's thirty-two counties in area and tenth largest in terms of population. It is the second largest of Ulster's nine counties in size and fourth largest in terms of population. The county is no longer used as an administrative division for local government purposes, but retains a strong identity in popular culture.
/m/0dnvn3	The Ladykillers is a 2004 American black comedy thriller film directed, written, produced and edited by the Coen brothers and starring Tom Hanks, with a supporting cast that includes J. K. Simmons, Marlon Wayans, Tzi Ma, Ryan Hurst and Irma P. Hall. It is based on the 1955 British Ealing comedy film of the same name.\nThis was the first film in which Joel and Ethan Coen share both producing and directing credits; previously Ethan had always been credited as producer and Joel as director. It was originally to have been directed by Barry Sonnenfeld, the Coens' former cinematographer. The brothers were originally commissioned to write the script only. When Sonnenfeld backed out, the Coens were eventually hired as directors, with Sonnenfeld retaining a producer credit.
/m/0969vz	Govardhan Asrani, popularly known simply as Asrani, is an Indian actor and director whose Bollywood career has spanned five decades. He has played in both Hindi and Gujarati films, and his roles include lead hero performances, character roles, comedic roles, as well as supporting parts.
/m/042kg	James Earl \"Jimmy\" Carter, Jr. is an American politician who served as the 39th President of the United States and was awarded the 2002 Nobel Peace Prize, the only U.S. President to have received the Prize after leaving office. Before he became President, Carter, a Democrat, served as a U.S. Naval officer, was a peanut farmer, served two terms as a Georgia State Senator and one as Governor of Georgia.\nDuring Carter's term as President, he created two new cabinet-level departments: the Department of Energy and the Department of Education. He established a national energy policy that included conservation, price control, and new technology. In foreign affairs, Carter pursued the Camp David Accords, the Panama Canal Treaties, the second round of Strategic Arms Limitation Talks, and returned the Panama Canal Zone to Panama. He took office during a period of international stagnation and inflation, which persisted throughout his term. The end of his presidential tenure was marked by the 1979–1981 Iran hostage crisis, the 1979 energy crisis, the Three Mile Island nuclear accident, the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan, the United States boycott of the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow, and the eruption of Mount St. Helens in Washington state.
/m/0m4mb	A boarding school is a school where some or all people study and live during the school year with their fellow students and possibly teachers and/or administrators. The word 'boarding' is used in the sense of \"bed and board,\" i.e., lodging and meals. Some boarding schools also have day students who attend the institution by day and return off-campus to their families in the evenings.\nMany independent schools in the Commonwealth of Nations are boarding schools. Boarding school pupils normally return home during the school holidays and, often, weekends, but in some cultures may spend the majority of their childhood and adolescent life away from their families. In the United States, boarding schools comprise various grades, most commonly grades seven or nine through grade twelve - the high school years. Specialized military schools also feature military education and training. Some American boarding schools offer a post-graduate year of study in order to help students prepare for college entrance, most commonly to assimilate foreign students to American culture and academics before college.\nIn the former Soviet Union similar schools were introduced; these sometimes are known as Internat-schools. They varied in their organization. Some schools were a type of specialized school with a specific focus in a particular field or fields such as mathematics, physics, language, science, sports, etc. Other schools were associated with orphanages after which all children enrolled in Internat-school automatically. Also, separate boarding schools were established for children with special needs. General schools offered \"extended stay\" programs featuring cheap meals for children and preventing them from coming home too early before parents were back from work. In post-soviet countries, concept of boarding school differs from country to country.
/m/01c57n	Queensland University of Technology is a research university in Brisbane, Australia. QUT is located on three campuses in the Brisbane area: Gardens Point, Kelvin Grove, and Caboolture. The university has approximately 35,000 undergraduate students and 5,000 post graduate students, of which 6,000 are international students. It has over 4 000 staff members, and an annual budget of more than AU$750 million.\nQUT ranks within the top 10 Australian Universities and upper 3% world-wide. QUT has been ranked as Australia's best university under 50 years of age by the Times Higher Education Top 100, and ranks 26th globally in that category. The university in its current form was founded 1990, when the then Queensland University of Technology, including the Brisbane School of Arts which was founded in 1849, merged with the Brisbane College of Advanced Education.
/m/04wsz	The Middle East is a region that roughly encompasses a majority of Western Asia and Egypt. The term is used as a synonym for Near East, in opposition to Far East. The corresponding adjective is Middle-Eastern and the derived noun is Middle-Easterner. The largest ethnic group in the Middle East are Arabs, with Turks, Turkomans, Persians, Kurds, Azeris, Copts, Jews, Assyrians, Maronites, Circassians, Somalis, Armenians, Druze and numerous additional minor ethnic groups forming other significant populations.\nThe history of the Middle East dates back to ancient times, and throughout its history, the Middle East has been a major center of world affairs. When discussing its ancient history, however, the term Near East is more commonly used. The Middle East is also the historical origin of major religions including Judaism, Christianity, and Islam, as well as the less common Baha'i faith, Mandaeism, Druze faith and others. The Middle East generally has an arid and hot climate, with several major rivers providing for irrigation to support agriculture in limited areas, especially in Mesopotamia and the rest of the Fertile Crescent. Many countries located around the Persian Gulf have large quantities of crude oil, which has resulted in much wealth particularly for nations in the Arabian peninsula. In modern times the Middle East remains a strategically, economically, politically, culturally and religiously sensitive region.
/m/01j95f	Huddersfield Town F.C. is an English football club in Huddersfield, West Yorkshire. Huddersfield Town have played the majority of their history in the top two tiers of English football and currently play in the Football League Championship.\nIn 1926, Huddersfield became the first English club to win three successive league titles, a feat which only three other clubs have matched, and none has bettered. They also won the FA Cup in 1922.\nNicknamed The Terriers, the club plays in blue and white vertically striped shirts and white shorts. They have played home games at the John Smith's Stadium since 1994. The stadium replaced Leeds Road, Huddersfield Town's home since 1908.
/m/0d_w7	Frank Owen Gehry, CC is a Canadian-American Pritzker Prize–winning architect based in Los Angeles.\nA number of his buildings, including his private residence, have become world renowned tourist attractions. His works are cited as being among the most important works of contemporary architecture in the 2010 World Architecture Survey, which led Vanity Fair to label him as \"the most important architect of our age\".\nGehry's best-known works include the titanium-covered Guggenheim Museum in Bilbao, Spain; MIT Ray and Maria Stata Center in Cambridge, Massachusetts; Walt Disney Concert Hall in downtown Los Angeles; The Vontz Center for Molecular Studies on the University of Cincinnati campus; Experience Music Project in Seattle; New World Center in Miami Beach; Weisman Art Museum in Minneapolis; Dancing House in Prague; the Vitra Design Museum and the museum MARTa Herford in Germany; the Art Gallery of Ontario in Toronto; the Cinémathèque française in Paris; and 8 Spruce Street in New York City. But it was his private residence in Santa Monica, California, that jump-started his career, lifting it from the status of \"paper architecture\"—a phenomenon that many famous architects have experienced in their formative decades through experimentation almost exclusively on paper before receiving their first major commission in later years. Gehry is also the designer of the future National Dwight D. Eisenhower Memorial.
/m/021_rm	Robert Michael Iler is an American actor, known for his portrayal of A.J. Soprano on The Sopranos which aired on HBO from 1999-2007.
/m/065r8g	Columbia College Chicago is an institution of higher education specializing in arts and media disciplines, with more than 120 undergraduate and graduate programs. Founded in 1890, the school is located in the South Loop district of Chicago, Illinois.\nColumbia College Chicago is not affiliated with Columbia University, Columbia College Hollywood, or any other Columbia College in the United States.
/m/01f1p9	Christian metal, also known as white metal, is a form of heavy metal music usually defined by its message using song lyrics as well as the dedication of the band members to Christianity. Christian metal is typically performed by professed Christians sometimes principally for Christians who listen to heavy metal music and often produced and distributed through various Christian networks.\nChristian metal bands exist in all the subgenres of heavy metal music, and the only common link among most Christian metal bands are the lyrics. The Christian themes are often melded with the subjects of the genre the band is rooted in, regularly providing a Christian take on the subject matter. It has been argued that the marginal yet transnational Christian metal subculture provides its core members an alternative religious expression and Christian identity, and that the music serves the purpose of offering a positive message through lyrical content. This may not necessarily show a direct connection or reference to the Christian faith but oftentimes it does.\nChristian metal emerged in the late 1970s as a means of evangelism to the wider heavy metal music scene, and was pioneered by American bands Resurrection Band, Petra and Sweden's Jerusalem. Los Angeles' Stryper achieved wide success in the 1980s. California's Tourniquet and Australia's Mortification led the movement in the 1990s. Rap metal group P.O.D. and the metalcore groups Underoath, Demon Hunter, As I Lay Dying, and Norma Jean brought some mainstream attention to the movement in the first decade of the 21st century, achieving ranks in the Billboard 200.
/m/0428bc	Biagio Anthony Gazzarra, known as Ben Gazzara, was an American film, stage, and Emmy Award winning television actor and director.
/m/01gbb4	Harvey Forbes Fierstein is an American actor and playwright, noted for two Tony Awards distinctions. He has won Tony awards as Best Leading Actor in both a play and a musical. He also won an award for writing the play for which he won best actor. He is now a champion for gay civil rights.\nHe won Best Play and originated the Best Actor in a Play-winning lead role in his long-running play Torch Song Trilogy, about a gay drag-performer and his quest for true love and family. He also wrote the book for the musical, La Cage aux Folles, for which he won the Tony Award for Best Book of a Musical. Additionally, he won Tony Award for Best Actor in a Musical for his role in Hairspray and wrote the book for the Tony Award for Best Musical-winning Kinky Boots.
/m/04qhdf	Cumulus Media, Inc. is the second largest owner and operator of AM and FM radio stations in the United States, behind Clear Channel Communications, operating 570 stations in 150 markets as of September 16, 2011. The company also owns Cumulus Media Networks. Cumulus's headquarters are located in Atlanta, Georgia.\nCumulus' original business plan focused exclusively on owning radio stations located in medium sized media markets, and Cumulus Media only owns terrestrial radio stations in the United States; rival Clear Channel Communications owns satellite radio channels on Sirius XM Radio's XM Satellite Radio platform as well as Clear Channel Outdoor and Clear Channel International. Unlike some other radio broadcast companies, Cumulus does not own any TV stations, concert venues, or other ancillary businesses. However, in September 2010, the company publicly announced a deal to manage the operations of Modern Luxury Media, a magazine publishing business acquired by partners Dickey Publishing and Macquarie Capital.
/m/03xj05	Downfall is a 2004 German war film directed by Oliver Hirschbiegel, depicting the final ten days of Adolf Hitler's reign over Nazi Germany in 1945.\nThe film is written and produced by Bernd Eichinger, and based upon the books Inside Hitler's Bunker, by historian Joachim Fest; Until the Final Hour, the memoirs of Traudl Junge, one of Hitler's secretaries; Albert Speer's memoirs, Inside the Third Reich; Hitler's Last Days: An Eye–Witness Account, by Gerhardt Boldt; Das Notlazarett unter der Reichskanzlei: Ein Arzt erlebt Hitlers Ende in Berlin by Doctor Ernst-Günther Schenck; and, Siegfried Knappe's memoirs, Soldat: Reflections of a German Soldier, 1936–1949.\nThe film was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.
/m/01tsq8	Brescia è una destinazione turistica collocata nel nord Italia. Oltre ad essere conosciuta come comune italiano ed importante polo industriale, è inoltre nota come località turistica anche grazie ad eventi internazionali come le Mille Miglia, i famosi vini della Franciacorta, ed i laghi come il Lago di Garda ed il Lago di Iseo. Il centro di Brescia è di dimensioni piccole ed a misura d'uomo con piazze storiche, negozi e mostre di artisti internazionali. La vasta provincia bresciana offre inoltre varie possibilità, la vicinanza dei laghi e delle montagne determina il successo della città come perfetta destinazione turistica.
/m/02hfgl	The Saitama Seibu Lions are a professional baseball team in Japan's Pacific League based north of Tokyo in Tokorozawa, Saitama. Before 1979, they were based in Fukuoka in Kyushu. The team is owned by a subsidiary of Prince Hotels, which in turn is owned by the Seibu Group. The team experienced a recent period of financial difficulty, but the situation brightened when the team received a record ¥6 billion posting fee from the Boston Red Sox for the right to negotiate a contract with Daisuke Matsuzaka. Between 1978 and 2008, the team logo and mascot were based on the adult version of Kimba the White Lion, a classic Japanese anime series by Osamu Tezuka. In 2004, former Seibu Lions player Kazuo Matsui became the first Japanese infielder to play in Major League Baseball.
/m/0g56t9t	Frankenweenie is a 2012 American 3D stop-motion animated film directed by Tim Burton. It is a remake of Burton's 1984 short film of the same name and is a parody of and an homage to the 1931 film Frankenstein based on Mary Shelley's book of the same name. The voice cast includes four actors who worked with Burton on previous films: Winona Ryder; Catherine O'Hara; Martin Short; and Martin Landau.\nFrankenweenie is in black and white. It is also the fourth stop-motion film produced by Burton and the first of those four that is not a musical. In the film, a boy named Victor loses his dog, named Sparky, and uses the power of electricity to resurrect him - but is then blackmailed by his peers into revealing how they too can reanimate their deceased past pets and other creatures, resulting in mayhem. The tongue in cheek film contains numerous references and parodies related to the book, past film versions of the book, and other literary classics.\nFrankenweenie, the first black-and-white feature film and the first stop-motion film to be released in IMAX 3D, was released by Walt Disney Pictures on October 5, 2012 and met with positive reviews and moderate box office sales. The film won the Saturn Award for Best Animated Film and was nominated for an Academy Award; a Golden Globe; a BAFTA; and an Annie Award for Best Film in each respective animated category.
/m/01zmqw	Ridgefield is a town in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States. Situated in the foothills of the Berkshire Mountains, the 300-year-old community had a population of 24,638 at the 2010 census. The town center, which was formerly a borough, is defined by the U.S. Census Bureau as a census-designated place.
/m/02qfv5d	A political thriller is a thriller that is set against the backdrop of a political power struggle. They usually involve various extra-legal plots, designed to give political power to someone, while his opponents try to stop him. They can involve national or international political scenarios. Political corruption, terrorism, and warfare are common themes. Normally the political party in power has ulterior motives and often will wish for total Fascist control and will work alone or with a shadow cabinet. Political thrillers can be based on true facts such as the assassination of John F Kennedy or the Watergate Scandal. There is a strong overlap with the conspiracy thriller.\nWhen reviewing the film The Interpreter, Erik Lundegaard attempted a definition:
/m/0k3gj	Berkshire County is a non-governmental county located on the western edge of the U.S. state of Massachusetts. As of the 2010 census, the population was 131,219. Its largest city and traditional county seat is Pittsfield. The Berkshire Hills are centered on Berkshire County, and the county itself is often referred to simply as \"the Berkshires\".
/m/01kwsg	Tommy Lee Jones is an American actor and film director. He has received four Academy Award nominations, winning one as Best Supporting Actor for his performance as U.S. Marshal Samuel Gerard in the 1993 thriller film The Fugitive.\nHis other notable starring roles include former Texas Ranger Woodrow F. Call in the award-winning TV mini-series Lonesome Dove, Agent K in the Men in Black film series, Sheriff Ed Tom Bell in No Country for Old Men, the villain Two-Face in Batman Forever, terrorist William Strannix in Under Siege, a Texas Ranger in Man of the House, rancher Pete Perkins in The Three Burials of Melquiades Estrada, which also served as his directorial debut, and Colonel Chester Phillips in Captain America: The First Avenger. Jones has also portrayed real-life figures such as businessman Howard Hughes, Radical Republican Congressman Thaddeus Stevens, executed murderer Gary Gilmore, U.S. Army General Douglas MacArthur, Oliver Lynn, husband of Loretta Lynn in Coal Miner's Daughter, and baseball great Ty Cobb.
/m/0phtk	Conservation is an ethic of resource use, allocation, and protection. Its primary focus is upon maintaining the health of the natural world, its fisheries, habitats, and biological diversity. Secondary focus is on materials conservation and energy conservation, which are seen as important to protect the natural world. Those who follow the conservation ethic and, especially, those who advocate or work toward conservation goals are termed conservationists.
/m/03cz2	Georgian architecture is the name given in most English-speaking countries to the set of architectural styles current between 1720 and 1820. It is eponymous for the first four British monarchs of the House of Hanover—George I of Great Britain, George II of Great Britain, George III of the United Kingdom, and George IV of the United Kingdom—who reigned in continuous succession from August 1714 to June 1830. The style was revived in the late 19th century in the United States as Colonial Revival architecture, and in the early 20th century in the Great Britain; referred to as Neo-Georgian architecture
/m/06cvx	The Renaissance was a cultural movement that spanned the period roughly from the 14th to the 17th century, beginning in Italy in the Late Middle Ages and later spreading to the rest of Europe. Though availability of paper and the invention of metal movable type sped the dissemination of ideas from the later 15th century, the changes of the Renaissance were not uniformly experienced across Europe.\nAs a cultural movement, it encompassed innovative flowering of Latin and vernacular literatures, beginning with the 14th-century resurgence of learning based on classical sources, which contemporaries credited to Petrarch, the development of linear perspective and other techniques of rendering a more natural reality in painting, and gradual but widespread educational reform.\nIn politics, the Renaissance contributed the development of the conventions of diplomacy, and in science an increased reliance on observation. Historians often argue this intellectual transformation was a bridge between the Middle Ages and the Modern era. Although the Renaissance saw revolutions in many intellectual pursuits, as well as social and political upheaval, it is perhaps best known for its artistic developments and the contributions of such polymaths as Leonardo da Vinci and Michelangelo, who inspired the term \"Renaissance man\".
/m/04nl83	The Sea Inside is a 2004 Spanish film written, produced, directed and scored by Alejandro Amenábar. It is based on the real-life story of Ramón Sampedro, a Galician ship mechanic left quadriplegic after a diving accident and his 28-year campaign in support of euthanasia and the right to end his life.
/m/01nm8w	Ghent University is a Dutch-speaking public university located in Ghent, Belgium. It is one of the larger Flemish universities, consisting of 38,000 students and 7,900 staff members. The current rector is Anne De Paepe .\nIt was established in 1817 by King William I of the Netherlands. After the Belgian revolution of 1830, it was administered by the newly formed Belgian state. French became the academic language until 1930, when Ghent University became the first Dutch-speaking university in Belgium. In 1991, the university was granted major autonomy and changed its name from State University of Ghent to its current name.
/m/02rv1w	California State University, Fullerton is a public comprehensive university located in Fullerton, CA. With a total enrollment of 38,325, it has the largest student body out of the 23 campus California State University system, is the largest comprehensive university in the State of California, and is the second largest university overall, in terms of enrollment. At 5,349 students, the university also enrolls the largest graduate student class in the CSU and one of the largest in all of the state. The Orange County university offers over 240 degrees including 120 different Bachelor's degrees, 118 types of Master's degrees, 3 Doctoral degrees including a Doctor of Nursing and two Doctor of Education, and 19 teaching credentials.\nCSUF is designated both as a Hispanic-serving institution and an Asian American Native American Pacific Islander Serving Institution. The university is nationally accredited in art, athletic training, business, chemistry, communications, communicative disorders, computer science, dance, engineering, music, nursing, public administration, public health, social work, teacher education and theater. Spending related to CSUF generates an impact of around $1 billion to the California and local economy, and sustains nearly 9,000 jobs statewide.
/m/01vz80y	Joseph Hill \"Joss\" Whedon is an American screenwriter, film and television producer, director, comic book author, composer, and actor. He is the founder of Mutant Enemy Productions and co-founder of Bellwether Pictures. He is best known as the creator of the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Angel, Firefly, Dollhouse and Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. as well as Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog. Whedon co-wrote Toy Story, wrote and directed Serenity, co-wrote and produced the horror film The Cabin in the Woods, and wrote and directed the film adaptation of Marvel's The Avengers, the third highest-grossing film of all time.\nWhedon is notable for his work in the comic books Astonishing X-Men, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Angel: After the Fall and Runaways. He is also known for his collaborations in online media. Many of Whedon's projects have cult status.\nA member of a family of screenwriters, he is the grandson of John Whedon, the son of Tom Whedon, and the brother of Zack Whedon and Jed Whedon. In May 2013, Whedon was awarded an honorary Doctorate of Letters from Wesleyan University.
/m/04psyp	Brent Kinsman and Shane Kinsman are American twin child actors who typically portray rambunctious twins, most notably, as Kyle and Nigel Baker in the 2003 film Cheaper by the Dozen and its 2005 sequel Cheaper by the Dozen 2. They also had featured roles as Porter and Preston Scavo on the popular ABC television series Desperate Housewives for four years.
/m/0jwl2	Disney's House of Mouse is an American animated television series, produced by Walt Disney Television Animation, that originally aired from 2001 to 2003. On September 2, 2002, an all night marathon of this show titled \"Night of 1000 Toons\" aired on Toon Disney.
/m/03n3gl	Team America: World Police is a 2004 American satirical action comedy film written by Trey Parker, Matt Stone, and Pam Brady and directed by Parker, all of whom are also known for the popular animated television series South Park. The film is a satire of big-budget action films and their associated clichés and stereotypes, with particular humorous emphasis on the global implications of the politics of the United States. The film's title is derived from domestic and international political criticisms that the foreign policy of the United States frequently and unilaterally tries to \"police the world.\" The film features a cast composed of marionettes. Team America focuses on a fictional team of political paramilitary policemen known as \"Team America: World Police,\" who attempt to save the world from a violent terrorist plot led by Kim Jong-il.\nThe use of marionettes instead of actors in an action film is a reference to Thunderbirds, a popular 1960s British television show, although Stone and Parker were not fans of that show. The duo worked on the script with former South Park writer Pam Brady for nearly two years. The film had a troubled time in production, with various problems regarding the marionettes, as well as the scheduling extremes of having the film come out in time. In addition, the filmmakers fought with the Motion Picture Association of America, who returned the film over nine times with an NC-17 rating. The film was recut by a few seconds and rated R.
/m/03r00m	The Grammy Award for Best Urban/Alternative Performance was an honor presented at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards, to recording artists for quality urban/alternative performances. Awards in several categories are distributed annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position.\"\nThe award was first awarded to India.Arie at the 45th Grammy Awards for her song \"Little Things\". According to the category description guide for the 52nd Grammy Awards, the award was presented to artists that had made \"newly recorded urban/alternative performances with vocals\". The award was intended to recognize artists \"who have been influenced by a cross section of urban music\" and who create music that is out of the \"mainstream trends\".\nTwo-time recipients include India.Arie, Cee Lo Green, and Jill Scott. Erykah Badu, Big Boi and will.i.am share the record for the most nominations, with three each. Sérgio Mendes is the only performer to be nominated twice in one year. The category was dominated by Americans, yet individuals from Jamaica and Côte d'Ivoire also won the award. The award will be discontinued from 2012 in a major overhaul of the Grammys where the category will be shifted to the Best R&B Performance category.
/m/03mbdx_	The Interactive Advertising Bureau is an advertising business organization that develops industry standards, conducts research, and provides legal support for the online advertising industry. The organization represents a large number of the most prominent media outlets globally, but mostly in the United States and in Europe.\nFounded in 1996, the IAB is based in New York City. David J. Moore is the President and Chief Executive Officer of the organization, and Patrick Dolan is the Executive Vice President & Chief Operating Officer.\nIAB Europe, is a coalition of 27 national IABs across Europe, and over 5500 companies. They publish annually Mediascope Europe, a media consumption research to over 50,000 consumer interviews.\nIt has developed a number of interface formats for digital advertising metadata, including the Video Ad Serving Template and Video Player-Ad Interface Definition formats. On February 26, 2012, IAB released IAB Standard Ad Unit Portfolio, that included detailed information on all display advertising formats.\nIn June 2011, the IAB, in partnership with the ANA Association of National Advertisers and the 4A’s American Association of Advertising Agencies released the Guiding Principles of Digital Measurement. These five principles are the foundation of Making Measurement Make Sense.
/m/0mndw	Newport News is an independent city located in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 180,719. in 2013, the population was estimated to be 183,412, making it the fifth-most populous city in Virginia.\nNewport News is included in the Hampton Roads metropolitan area. It is at the southeastern end of the Virginia Peninsula, on the northern shore of the James River extending southeast from Skiffe's Creek along many miles of waterfront to the river's mouth at Newport News Point on the harbor of Hampton Roads.\nThe area now known as Newport News was once a part of Warwick County. Warwick County was one of the eight original shires of Virginia, formed by the House of Burgesses in the British Colony of Virginia by order of King Charles I, in 1634. The county was largely composed of farms and undeveloped land until almost 250 years later. In 1881, 15 years of explosive development began under the leadership of Collis P. Huntington, whose new Peninsula Extension of the Chesapeake and Ohio Railway from Richmond opened up transportation along the Peninsula and provided a new pathway for the railroad to bring West Virginia bituminous coal to port for coastal shipping and worldwide export. With the new railroad came a terminal and coal piers where the colliers were loaded. Within a few years, Huntington and his associates also built a large shipyard. In 1896, the new incorporated town of Newport News, which had briefly replaced Denbigh as the county seat of Warwick County, had a population of 9,000. In 1958, by mutual consent by referendum, Newport News was consolidated with the former Warwick County, rejoining the two localities to approximately their pre-1896 geographic size. The more widely known name of Newport News was selected as they formed what was then Virginia's third largest independent city in population.
/m/012x8m	SST Records is an American independent record label formed in 1978 in Long Beach, California by musician Greg Ginn. The company was initially formed in 1966 by Ginn at age 12, as Solid State Transmitters, a small business through which he sold electronics equipment. Ginn repurposed the company as a record label to release material by his band Black Flag.\nMusic writer Michael Azerrad wrote, \"Ginn took his label from a cash-strapped, cop-hassled store-front operation to easily the most influential and popular underground indie of the Eighties\". SST initially focused on releasing material by hardcore punk groups from Southern California. As many of the bands on the label sought to expand beyond the limitations of the hardcore genre, SST released many key albums that were instrumental in the development of American alternative rock, including releases by the Minutemen, Hüsker Dü, the Meat Puppets, Soundgarden, Sonic Youth, and Dinosaur Jr. After a peak release schedule in the late 1980s, SST began venturing into jazz releases. SST is now based in Taylor, Texas. Sonic Youth, Dinosaur Jr., and the Meat Puppets have reclaimed the rights to the SST material after leaving the label.
/m/0q74c	Gadsden is a city in and the county seat of Etowah County in the U.S. state of Alabama, and it is located on the Coosa River about 56 miles northeast of Birmingham, Alabama. It is the primary city of the Gadsden Metropolitan Statistical Area, which has a population of 104,440. As of the U.S. Census Bureau estimate in 2011, the population of the city was about 36,860. Gadsden and Rome, Georgia are the largest cities in the triangular area defined by the Interstate highways between Atlanta, Birmingham and Chattanooga.\nGadsden was at one time in the 19th century Alabama's second most important center of commerce and industry, trailing only the seaport of Mobile. The two cities were important shipping centers: Gadsden for riverboats and Mobile for international trade. Through the 1980s, Gadsden was a center on heavy industry, including the Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company and the Republic Steel Corporation.\nMore than a decade after the sharp decline in industry, in 1991 Gadsden was awarded the honor of All-America City by the National Civic League, an award that honored the way Gadsden's citizens, government, businesses, and voluntary organizations work together to address critical local issues.
/m/01x0sy	William Mark \"Bill\" Fagerbakke is an American actor and voice actor. He is best known for his long-running-roles as Patrick Star in the animated series SpongeBob SquarePants and Michael \"Dauber\" Dybinski on the sitcom Coach. To date, he has also appeared in 11 episodes of the sitcom How I Met Your Mother as Marshall Eriksen's father Marvin.
/m/02x0fs9	Lars and the Real Girl is a 2007 American-Canadian comedy-drama film written by Nancy Oliver and directed by Craig Gillespie. It stars Ryan Gosling, Emily Mortimer, Paul Schneider, Kelli Garner and Patricia Clarkson. The film follows Lars, a sweet yet quirky, socially inept young man, who develops a romantic relationship with an anatomically correct sex doll, a \"RealDoll\" named Bianca, and the story of how his older brother, his brother's wife, and the rest of the small town grow to accept and welcome Bianca into the community for Lars' sake, not realizing that she would touch all of their lives in such a profound way.\nDespite not earning back its initial budget in theatrical release, Lars and the Real Girl was critically acclaimed. It earned an Academy Award nomination for \"Best Writing\", while Gosling received a Golden Globe Award nomination for \"Best Actor in a Motion Picture Comedy\" and a Screen Actors Guild Award nomination for \"Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Leading Role\".
/m/028q6	David Warren \"Dave\" Brubeck was an American jazz pianist and composer, considered to be one of the foremost exponents of cool jazz. He wrote a number of jazz standards, including \"In Your Own Sweet Way\" and \"The Duke\". Brubeck's style ranged from refined to bombastic, reflecting his mother's attempts at classical training and his improvisational skills. His music is known for employing unusual time signatures, and superimposing contrasting rhythms, meters, and tonalities.\nHis long-time musical partner, alto saxophonist Paul Desmond, wrote the saxophone melody for the Dave Brubeck Quartet's best remembered piece, \"Take Five\", which is in 5/4 time and has endured as a jazz classic on one of the top-selling jazz albums, Time Out. Brubeck experimented with time signatures throughout his career, recording \"Pick Up Sticks\" in 6/4, \"Unsquare Dance\" in 7/4, \"World's Fair\" in 13/4, and \"Blue Rondo à la Turk\" in 9/8. He was also a respected composer of orchestral and sacred music, and wrote soundtracks for television such as Mr. Broadway and the animated miniseries This Is America, Charlie Brown.
/m/09kzxt	'Αthlitiki Enosi Lemesou, commonly known as AEL Limassol, is a Cypriot multisport club based in the city of Limassol, the port of Cyprus and also out of the three sports clubs that are located there, AEL is the top of them. Currently AEL maintains a football team, men's and women's basketball teams, a women's volleyball team and a newly established in 1976 Futsal team and women's handball team and cricket. AEL is considered as the most successful club of the island. The basketball branch of AEL is the only team from Cyprus to have won a European title.
/m/02_jkc	Philip \"Phil\" Ramone was a South African-born American recording engineer, record producer, violinist and composer, who in 1958 co-founded A & R Recording, Inc., a recording studio with business partner Jack Arnold at 112 West 48th Street, New York, above what was then Manny's Music. The success of that studio caused it to grow into several studios and a record producing company. He was described by Billboard as \"legendary\", and the BBC as a \"CD pioneer\".
/m/02t_w8	Jack Palance was an American actor. During half a century of film and television appearances, Palance was nominated for three Academy Awards, all as Best Actor in a Supporting Role, winning in 1991 for his role in City Slickers.
/m/03tn80	Congo is a 1995 action adventure film loosely based on Michael Crichton's novel of the same name. It was directed by Frank Marshall and stars Laura Linney, Dylan Walsh, Ernie Hudson, Tim Curry, Grant Heslov, and Joe Don Baker. The film was released on June 9, 1995 by Paramount Pictures.
/m/03c_pqj	Paul Michael better known by his stage name Lal, is an Indian film director, script writer, actor, producer, and film distributor.\nHe is most famous for teaming up with Siddique under the shared name Siddique-Lal to make films such as Ramji Rao Speaking, In Harihar Nagar, Godfather, Vietnam Colony, and Kabooliwala. The duo broke off afterwards but he produced Siddique's Hitler and Friends. Other films he has produced include Thenkasipattanam, Kalyanaraman, Chathikkatha Chanthu, Thommanum Makkalum, and Chanthupottu.Lal's debut as an actor came in 1997 when he played Paniyan in Jayaraj's Kaliyattam. He won the Kerala State Film Award for Best Actor for playing Raveendran Pillai in Madhupal's film Thalappavu.After sixteen years, Lal did come back as a director by directing the sequels to In Harihar Nagar, 2 Harihar Nagar and In Ghost House Inn.
/m/018hzk	A cooking show or cookery programme is a television genre that presents food preparation in a kitchen studio set. Typically the show's host, often a celebrity chef, prepares one or more dishes over the course of an episode, taking the viewing audience through the food's inspiration, preparation, and stages of cooking. Such shows often portray an educational component, with the host teaching the viewers how to prepare different meals, but some are competitions that are primarily for entertainment.\nWhile rarely achieving top ratings, cooking shows have been a popular staple of daytime TV programming since the earliest days of television. They are generally very inexpensive to produce, making them an economically easy way for a TV station to fill a half-hour time slot.\nA number of cooking shows have run for many seasons, especially when they are sponsored by local TV stations or by public broadcasting. Many of the more popular cooking shows have had flamboyant hosts whose unique personalities have made them into celebrities.\nFamous cooking shows include:\nThe cable TV channel Food Network has showcased many cooking shows.
/m/0h53p1	Leonard Dick is a television writer and producer
/m/0d05q4	Iraq, officially the Republic of Iraq, is a country in Western Asia encompassing the Mesopotamian alluvial plain, the northwestern end of the Zagros mountain range, and the eastern part of the Syrian Desert.\nIraq borders Turkey to the north, Iran to the east, Kuwait to the southeast, Saudi Arabia to the south, Jordan to the southwest, and Syria to the west. Iraq has a narrow section of coastline measuring 58 km on the northern Persian Gulf. The capital city, Baghdad is in the center-east of the country. Two major rivers, the Tigris and Euphrates, run through the center of Iraq, flowing from northwest to southeast. These provide Iraq with agriculturally capable land and contrast with the steppe and desert landscape that covers most of Western Asia.\nIraq has been known by the Greek toponym 'Mesopotamia' and has been home to continuous successive civilizations since the 6th millennium BC. The region between the Tigris and Euphrates rivers is often referred to as the cradle of civilization and the birthplace of writing. At different periods in its history, Iraq was the center of the indigenous Akkadian, Sumerian, Assyrian, and Babylonian empires. It was also part of the Median, Achaemenid, Hellenistic, Parthian, Sassanid, Roman, Rashidun, Umayyad, Abbasid, Mongol, Safavid, Afsharid, and Ottoman empires, and under British control as a League of Nations mandate. Iraq is home to two of the world's holiest places among Shias: Najaf and Karbala.
/m/01kws3	Lorenzo Music was an American actor, voice actor, writer, television producer and musician. Music's best-known roles include voicing the animated cartoon cat Garfield, and Carlton the doorman on the CBS sitcom Rhoda. He is also known for his work as Tummi Gummi in Disney's Adventures of the Gummi Bears, the original voice of Peter Venkman in DIC's The Real Ghostbusters, and Larry the Crash Test Dummy in a series of United States Department of Transportation public service announcements that promoted the use of seat belts which ran from 1985 to 1998.
/m/03mp4f	Football Club Metalurh Donetsk is a Ukrainian professional football club based in Donetsk.
/m/05prj	Object-oriented programming is a programming paradigm that represents concepts as \"objects\" that have data fields and associated procedures known as methods. Objects, which are usually instances of classes, are used to interact with one another to design applications and computer programs. C++, Objective-C, Smalltalk, Java, C#, Perl, Python, Ruby and PHP are examples of object-oriented programming languages.
/m/09451k	Fußball-Club Ingolstadt 04 e.V., commonly known as simply FC Ingolstadt 04, is a German football club based in Ingolstadt, Bavaria. The club was founded in 2004 out of the merger of the football sides of two other clubs: ESV Ingolstadt and MTV Ingolstadt.
/m/01m4kpp	Andy Griffith was an American actor, television producer, Grammy Award-winning Southern-gospel singer, and writer.
/m/03ln9	The House of Hohenzollern is a noble family and royal dynasty of electors, kings, and emperors of Brandenburg, Prussia, Germany, and Romania. It originated in the area around the town of Hechingen in Swabia during the 11th century. They took their name from their ancestral home, the Burg Hohenzollern castle near Hechingen.\nThe family uses the motto Nihil Sine Deo. The family coat of arms, first adopted in 1192, began as a simple shield quarterly sable and argent. A century later, in 1317, Frederick IV, Burgrave of Nuremberg, added the head and shoulders of a hound as a crest. Later quartering reflected heiresses’ marriages into the family.\nThe family split into two branches, the Catholic Swabian branch and the Protestant Franconian branch, known also as the Kirschner line. The Swabian branch ruled the area of Hechingen until the revolution of 1848/49. The Franconian branch was more successful: members of the Franconian branch became Margrave of Brandenburg in 1415 and Duke of Prussia in 1525. Following the union of these two Franconian lines in 1618, the Kingdom of Prussia was created in 1701, eventually leading to the unification of Germany and the creation of the German Empire in 1871, with the Hohenzollerns as hereditary emperors and kings of Prussia.
/m/0bwhdbl	Scream 4 is a 2011 American slasher film and the fourth installment in the Scream series. Directed by Wes Craven and written by Kevin Williamson, writer of Scream and Scream 2, the film stars an ensemble cast which includes Neve Campbell, Courteney Cox, David Arquette, Emma Roberts and Hayden Panettiere. The plot involves Sidney Prescott returning to Woodsboro after ten years as part of her book tour. As soon as she arrives, Ghostface once again begins killing students from Woodsboro High, including her younger cousin's friends. Prescott, Gale Weathers-Riley, and Dewey Riley once again team up to stop the murders, but not before having to learn from a new generation the \"new rules\" of surviving horror films.\nOriginally, the series was intended to be a trilogy, but film production was approved by Bob Weinstein. Depending on the box office, Scream 4 is intended to be the first of a new trilogy. Williamson had to leave production early due to contractual obligations and Ehren Kruger was brought in for re-writes. Campbell, Arquette and Cox are the only returning cast members from the previous films and were the first to sign on to the film in September 2009. Panettiere and Rory Culkin were the first of the new cast to sign on in May 2010. Ashley Greene was initially the choice of the lead character, Jill, but the role eventually went to Roberts. Filming took place in and around Ann Arbor, Michigan in June 2010 to September 2010, with re-shoots in early 2011.
/m/0f1f4k	The term Mutate refers to most non-mutant superbeings in the Marvel Comics universe.
/m/0dls3	Grunge is a subgenre of alternative rock that emerged during the mid-1980s in the American state of Washington, particularly in the Seattle area. Inspired by hardcore punk, heavy metal, and alternative rock, grunge is generally characterized by heavily distorted electric guitars, contrasting song dynamics, \"growling\" vocals and apathetic or angst-filled lyrics. The grunge aesthetic is stripped-down compared with other forms of rock music, and many grunge musicians were noted for their unkempt appearances and rejection of theatrics.\nThe early grunge movement coalesced around Seattle independent record label Sub Pop in the late 1980s. Grunge became commercially successful in the first half of the 1990s, due mainly to the release of Nirvana's Nevermind and Pearl Jam's Ten. The success of these bands boosted the popularity of alternative rock and made grunge the most popular form of hard rock music at the time. Although most grunge bands had disbanded or faded from view by the late 1990s, their influence continues to affect modern rock music.\nGrunge is generally characterized by a sludgy guitar sound that uses a high level of distortion, fuzz and feedback effects. Grunge fuses elements of hardcore punk and heavy metal, although some bands performed with more emphasis on one or the other. The music shares with punk a raw sound and similar lyrical concerns. However, it also involves much slower tempos, dissonant harmonies, and more complex instrumentation—which is reminiscent of heavy metal. Lyrics are typically angst-filled, often addressing themes such as social alienation, apathy, confinement, and a desire for freedom.
/m/05j9_f	This is a list of recipients and nominees of the Governor General's Awards award for English-language poetry. The award was created in 1981 when the Governor General's Award for English language poetry or drama was divided.
/m/027dtxw	Best Actor in a Supporting Role is a British Academy Film award presented annually by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts to recognize an actor who has delivered an outstanding supporting performance in a film. Actors of all nationalities are eligible to receive the award.\nNotes:\n\"†\" indicates the winner of the Academy Award.\n\"‡\" indicates a nominee who was nominated for an Academy Award.
/m/01hkck	Jeanette Helen Morrison, known professionally as Janet Leigh, was an American actress and author. She is best remembered for her performance in Psycho, for which she was awarded the Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress. By her marriage to actor Tony Curtis, she was the mother of Jamie Lee Curtis and Kelly Curtis.\nDiscovered by actress Norma Shearer, Leigh secured a contract with Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and made her film debut with a starring role in The Romance of Rosy Ridge in 1947. Over the following years, she appeared in several popular films of a wide variety of genres, including Act of Violence, Little Women, Holiday Affair, Angels in the Outfield, Scaramouche, The Naked Spur, Walking My Baby Back Home and Living It Up.\nAfter two brief marriages at an early age, Leigh married actor Tony Curtis in 1951. During their high-profile marriage, the couple starred in five films together: Houdini, The Black Shield of Falworth, The Vikings, The Perfect Furlough and Who Was That Lady?. Leigh played mostly dramatic roles during the latter half of the 1950s, in films such as Safari, and Touch of Evil. She continued to appear occasionally in films and television, including The Manchurian Candidate and Bye Bye Birdie, as well as two films with her daughter Jamie Lee Curtis: The Fog and Halloween H20: 20 Years Later.
/m/02sdx	Enrico Fermi was an Italian physicist, best known for his work on Chicago Pile-1, and for his contributions to the development of quantum theory, nuclear and particle physics, and statistical mechanics. He is one of the men referred to as the \"father of the atomic bomb\". Fermi held several patents related to the use of nuclear power, and was awarded the 1938 Nobel Prize in Physics for his work on induced radioactivity by neutron bombardment and the discovery of transuranic elements. He was widely regarded as one of the very few physicists to excel both theoretically and experimentally.\nFermi's first major contribution was to statistical mechanics. After Wolfgang Pauli announced his exclusion principle in 1925, Fermi followed with a paper in which he applied the principle to an ideal gas, employing a statistical formulation now known as Fermi–Dirac statistics. Today, particles that obey the exclusion principle are called \"fermions\". Later Pauli postulated the existence of an uncharged invisible particle emitted along with an electron during beta decay, to satisfy the law of conservation of energy. Fermi took up this idea, developing a model that incorporated the postulated particle, which he named the \"neutrino\". His theory, later referred to as Fermi's interaction and still later as weak interaction, described one of the four fundamental forces of nature. Through experiments inducing radioactivity with recently discovered neutrons, Fermi discovered that slow neutrons were more easily captured than fast ones, and developed the Fermi age equation to describe this. After bombarding thorium and uranium with slow neutrons, he concluded that he had created new elements; although he was awarded the Nobel Prize for this discovery, the new elements were subsequently revealed to be fission products.
/m/01rk91	An internship can be a method of on-the-job training for white-collar and professional careers, yet there are no formal standards defining them as such. Internships for professional careers are similar in some ways to apprenticeships for trade and vocational jobs, but the lack of standardization and oversight leaves the term vulnerable to broad application. Increasingly this broad use of the term has been seen to serve as a cover for wage theft. Although interns are typically college or university students, they can also be high school students or post-graduate adults. On occasion, they are middle school or even elementary students. In some countries, internships for school children are called work experience. Internships may be paid or unpaid, and are usually understood to be temporary positions. Unpaid and low-paid internships can run afoul of minimum wage laws, which sometimes have exceptions for educational positions.\nGenerally, an internship consists of an exchange of services for experience between the student and an organization. Students can also use an internship to determine if they have an interest in a particular career, create a network of contacts, or gain school credit. Some interns find permanent, paid employment with the organizations with which they interned. This can be a significant benefit to the employer as experienced interns often need little or no training when they begin regular employment. Unlike a trainee program, however, employment at the completion of an internship is not guaranteed.
/m/0fn7r	Colombo Sinhala: කොළඹ, pronounced; Tamil: கொழும்பு is the largest city and the commercial, industrial and cultural capital of Sri Lanka. It is located on the west coast of the island and adjacent to Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte (which is the official capital of Sri Lanka) suburb or the parliament capital of Sri Lanka. Colombo is also the administrative capital of Western Province, Sri Lanka and the district capital of Colombo District. Colombo is often referred to as the capital since Sri Jayawardenapura Kotte is a satellite city of Colombo. Colombo is a busy and vibrant place with a mixture of modern life and colonial buildings and ruins with a population of about 752,993 in the city limits. It was the political capital of Sri Lanka, before Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte.\nDue to its large harbour and its strategic position along the East-West sea trade routes, Colombo was known to ancient traders 2,000 years ago. It was made the capital of the island when Sri Lanka was ceded to the British Empire in 1815, and its status as capital was retained when the nation became independent in 1948. In 1978, when administrative functions were moved to Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte, Colombo was designated as the commercial capital of Sri Lanka.
/m/0522wp	Uwe Boll is a German director, producer and screenwriter, whose work includes several films adapted from video games. He finances his own films through his Boll KG and Event Film Productions production companies. Many of his films are produced on low budgets.
/m/054ks3	Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song was awarded for the first time in 1962 and has been awarded annually since 1965 by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association. The award is presented to the songwriters of a song written specifically for a motion picture. The performers of the song are not credited, unless they also have a writing or co-writing credit.
/m/0hkxq	Broccoli is an edible green plant in the cabbage family, whose large flower head is used as a vegetable. The word broccoli, from the Italian plural of broccolo, refers to \"the flowering top of a cabbage\". Broccoli is often boiled or steamed but may be eaten raw.\nBroccoli is classified in the Italica cultivar group of the species Brassica oleracea. Broccoli has large flower heads, usually green in color, arranged in a tree-like structure on branches sprouting from a thick, edible stalk. The mass of flower heads is surrounded by leaves. Broccoli resembles cauliflower, which is a different cultivar group of the same species.\nBroccoli is a result of careful breeding of cultivated leafy cole crops in the Northern Mediterranean in about the 6th century BC. Since the Roman Empire, broccoli has been considered a uniquely valuable food among Italians. Broccoli was brought to England from Antwerp in the mid-18th century by Peter Scheemakers. Broccoli was first introduced to the United States by Italian immigrants but did not become widely known there until the 1920s.
/m/0885n	York University is a public research university in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It is Canada's third-largest university.\nYork University has approximately 54,000 students, 7,000 faculty and staff, and 260,000 alumni worldwide. It has eleven faculties, namely the Faculty of Liberal Arts & Professional Studies, Faculty of Science, Schulich School of Business, Osgoode Hall Law School, Glendon College, Faculty of Education, Faculty of Fine Arts, Faculty of Health, Faculty of Environmental Studies, Lassonde School of Engineering, Faculty of Graduate Studies, and 28 research centres.\nYork University participates in the Canadian Space Program. The Faculty of Science and Lassonde School of Engineering are Canada's primary research facility into Martian exploration, and have designed several space research instruments and applications currently used by NASA. York has pioneered some of the first PhD programs in Canada, in various fields including women's studies. The School of Social Work is recognized as having one of the most socially responsive programs in the country. York University's business school and law school have continuously been ranked among the top schools in Canada and the world.
/m/0f4dx2	Garret L. Dillahunt is an American actor. He is married to actress Michelle Hurd. Since 2010, he has played the role of Burt Chance on the Fox sitcom Raising Hope.
/m/065ym0c	Detective Dee and the Mystery of the Phantom Flame is a 2010 Chinese-Hong Kong action mystery film directed and produced by Tsui Hark, and features art direction and fight choreography by Sammo Hung, and starring Andy Lau, Carina Lau, Li Bingbing, Deng Chao and Tony Leung Ka-fai.\nThe film tells the story of the fictional account of Di Renjie, one of the most celebrated officials of the Tang Dynasty.\nPrincipal photography for Detective Dee began in May 2009; the film was shot at Hengdian World Studios in Zhejiang, China. Detective Dee was released in China on 29 September 2010 and in Hong Kong on 30 September 2010. The film was nominated for the Golden Lion at the 2010 Venice Film Festival. The film also made its North America debut by premiering at the 2010 Toronto International Film Festival.\nThe character of Judge Dee was made famous in western countries by Robert van Gulik, who wrote 17 new Judge Dee mysteries between 1946 and 1967 based on the 18th century gong'an crime novel Di Gong'an. The series is now being continued by French author Frédéric Lenormand. The prequel Young Detective Dee: Rise of the Sea Dragon was released on 28 September 2013, with Mark Chao as young Detective Dee.
/m/01pb34	A cameo role or cameo appearance is a brief appearance or voice part of a known person in a work of the performing arts, typically unnamed or appearing as themselves. These roles are generally small, many of them non-speaking ones, and are commonly either appearances in a work in which they hold some special significance, or renowned people making uncredited appearances. Short appearances by celebrities, film directors, politicians, athletes or musicians are common. A crew member of the show or movie playing a minor role can be referred to as a cameo as well, such as Alfred Hitchcock's cameos.
/m/016vj5	Simple Minds are a Scottish rock band formed in 1977. They achieved commercial success in the early 1980s and, despite various personnel changes, continue to record and tour.\nThe band scored a string of hit singles, and are best known for their 1985 hit \"Don't You\", from the soundtrack of the John Hughes film The Breakfast Club. Their other more prominent hits include \"Alive and Kicking\" and \"Belfast Child\". In 1986, the band was nominated for the Brit Award for Best British Group.\nThe core of the band is the two remaining founder members – Jim Kerr and Charlie Burchill – and drummer Mel Gaynor. The other current band members are Andy Gillespie and Ged Grimes. Former members include bass guitarist Derek Forbes, drummer Brian McGee, and keyboardist Mick MacNeil.
/m/04swd	Moscow is the capital city and the most populous federal subject of Russia. The city is a major political, economic, cultural and scientific center in Russia and in Eurasia. According to Forbes 2013, Moscow has the largest community of billionaires in the world. Moscow is the northernmost megacity on Earth, the second most populous city in Europe after Istanbul and the 6th largest city proper in the world. It is the the largest city in Russia, with a population, according to the 2010 Census, of 11,503,501. By its territorial expansion on July 1, 2012 southwest into the Moscow Oblast, the capital increased its area 2.5 times; from about 1,000 square kilometers up to 2,511 square kilometers, and gained an additional population of 233,000 people.\nMoscow is situated on the Moskva River in the Central Federal District of European Russia making it the world's most populated inland city. It also has the largest forest area within its borders – more than any other major city – even before its expansion in 2012. In the course of its history the city has served as the capital of a progression of states, from the medieval Grand Duchy of Moscow and the subsequent Tsardom of Russia to the Soviet Union. Moscow is the site of the Moscow Kremlin, a medieval city-fortress that is today the residence of the Russian president. The Moscow Kremlin is also one of several World Heritage Sites in the city. Both chambers of the Russian parliament also sit in Moscow.
/m/04lp8k	Julie M. Benz is an American actress, known for her roles as Darla on Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Angel and Rita Bennett on Dexter, for which she won the 2006 Satellite Award for Best Supporting Actress.
/m/011k_j	Timpani, or kettledrums, are musical instruments in the percussion family. A type of drum, they consist of a skin called a head stretched over a large bowl traditionally made of copper. They are played by striking the head with a specialized drum stick called a timpani stick or timpani mallet. Timpani evolved from military drums to become a staple of the classical orchestra by the last third of the 18th century. Today, they are used in many types of musical ensembles including concert, marching, and even some rock bands.\nTimpani is an Italian plural, the singular of which is timpano. However, in informal English speech a single instrument is rarely called a timpano: several are more typically referred to collectively as kettledrums, timpani, temple drums, or simply timps. They are also often incorrectly termed timpanis. A musician who plays the timpani is a timpanist.
/m/01_ztw	Amanda Leigh \"Mandy\" Moore is an American singer–songwriter, actress, and fashion designer. Raised in Florida, Moore first came to prominence with her 1999 debut single \"Candy\", which peaked at number 41 on the Billboard Hot 100. Her subsequent album, So Real, went on to receive a Platinum certification from the RIAA. Two more singles, \"Walk Me Home\" and \"So Real\", were released but failed to have the success of their predecessor. Her 2000 single, \"I Wanna Be with You\", became her first Top 40 hit in the US, peaking at number 24 on the Hot 100 chart. The parent album, titled the same, was released that same year to generally mixed reviews. The album went on to achieve Gold certification. After revealing her displeasure with her early works, Moore's third album, simply titled Mandy Moore, featured a change of sound that drifted away from her \"bubblegum pop\" roots. The album spawned the single \"In My Pocket\", which became her third Top 20 hit in Australia. The album itself was her final album to be certified by the RIAA, receiving a Gold certification.\nIn 2003, Moore released her fourth studio album, Coverage, featuring covers of classic 1970s songs. Following the album's release, Moore parted ways with her record label, due to creative differences. The split prompted the label to release the compilation albums The Best of Mandy Moore and Candy, both of which have sold an estimated 100,000 copies to date. Moore did not return to music until the release of her 2007 album Wild Hope, which failed to have much success. To date, the album has sold an estimated 200,000 copies, and failed to receive an RIAA certification. Similarly, both of the album's singles failed to chart worldwide. In 2009, Moore released her sixth studio album, Amanda Leigh, which peaked at number 25 on the Billboard 200 and sold an estimated 100,000 copies. In 2012, Moore confirmed that she was working on her seventh studio album, currently slated for a 2014 release. As of 2009, Moore has sold more than 12.5 million albums worldwide, according to Billboard. In 2012, Moore was ranked #96 on VH1's list of \"100 Greatest Women in Music\", as well as #63 on their Sexiest Artists of All Time List.
/m/0ggl02	Michael Brauer is a New York-based mix engineer whose credits encompass a wide range of genres, and include The Rolling Stones, Bob Dylan, Paul McCartney, Coldplay, John Mayer, Ash, My Morning Jacket, Ben Folds, Dream Theater, The New Radicals, Change, Fountains of Wayne, David Poe, Wilco, Alpha Rev and Ron Sexsmith.\nBrauer has established himself as an A-List mix engineer with a recent string of highly successful albums. He received a Grammy for \"Best Pop Vocal Album\" for his work on John Mayer's Continuum, \"Best Alternative Album\" for Coldplay's Parachutes, and also \"Best Rock Album\" for Coldplay's \"Viva La Vida\". Michael mixed James Morrison’s debut album Undiscovered for Polydor which debuted at #1 in the UK and has since gone platinum in the UK, and The Kooks’ debut album Inside In / Inside Out which has also been certified triple platinum in the UK. Recent albums Michael mixed include My Morning Jacket's \"Evil Urges\", Brazilian Girls's \"New York City\", and The Fray's \"The Fray. He has recently mixed singles for John Mayer, The Enemy, Paulo Nutini, Mr. Hudson & The Library, Evans Blue, a surround sound mix for the My Morning Jacket 'Okonokos' DVD, Coldplay, and The Fray.
/m/05zn92p	TheCoolTV is an American digital broadcast television network that is owned by Cool Music Network, LLC of Lawrence, Kansas. Launched in March 2009, the network's current program schedule consists of an all-music video lineup that can be customized to meet an affiliate's preference; it also broadcasts the minimum three hours of children's programming for their affiliates intended to meet E/I requirements set by the Federal Communications Commission.\nIn addition to the network, Cool Music Network also distributes recorded music and performances through digital cable and satellite channels, and post-concert CDs at music venues.
/m/0c0wvx	The Crusades were military campaigns sanctioned by the Latin Catholic Church during the High Middle Ages through to the end of the Late Middle Ages. In 1095 Pope Urban II proclaimed the first crusade, with the stated goal of restoring Christian access to the holy places in and near Jerusalem. Many historians and some of those involved at the time, like Saint Bernard of Clairvaux, give equal precedence to other Papal-sanctioned military campaigns undertaken for a variety of religious, economic, and political reasons, such as the Albigensian Crusade, the Aragonese Crusade, the Reconquista, and the Northern Crusades. Following the first crusade there was an intermittent 200-year struggle for control of the Holy Land, with six more major crusades and numerous minor ones. In 1291, the conflict ended in failure with the fall of the last Christian stronghold in the Holy Land at Acre, after which Catholic Europe mounted no further coherent response in the east.\nWhile some historians see the Crusades as part of a purely defensive war against the expansion of Islam in the near east, many see them as part of long-running conflicts at the frontiers of Europe, including the Arab–Byzantine Wars, the Byzantine–Seljuq Wars, and the loss of Anatolia by the Byzantines after their defeat by the Seljuk Turks at the Battle of Manzikert in 1071. Urban II sought to reunite the Christian church under his leadership by providing Emperor Alexios I with military support. Several hundred thousand soldiers became Crusaders by taking vows and by receiving plenary indulgences. These crusaders were Christians from all over Western Europe under feudal rather than unified command, and the politics were often complicated to the point of intra-faith competition leading to alliances between combatants of different faiths against their coreligionists, such as the Christian alliance with the Islamic Sultanate of Rûm during the Fifth Crusade.
/m/093xh0	Lewes Football Club is an English football club based in Lewes, East Sussex. The club are currently members of the Isthmian League Premier Division and play at the Dripping Pan.
/m/0b57p6	Phillip Roger Vischer is an American animator, puppeteer, writer, voice actor and songwriter known for creating the computer-animated video series VeggieTales alongside Mike Nawrocki. He provides the voice of Bob the Tomato in the series.
/m/016wrq	Rotherham is a large town in South Yorkshire, England, which together with its surrounding settlements form the Metropolitan Borough of Rotherham, with an estimated population of 257,800 in 2011. Historically within the West Riding of Yorkshire, it lies on the River Don, at its confluence with the River Rother, between Sheffield and Doncaster. Rotherham is 6 miles from Sheffield City Centre and forms part of the Sheffield urban area.
/m/0b_6lb	The 1984 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament involved 53 schools playing in single-elimination play to determine the national champion of men's NCAA Division I college basketball. It began on March 13, 1984, and ended with the championship game on April 2 in Seattle, Washington. A total of 52 games were played. This was the last tournament in which some teams earned first round byes as the field expanded to 64 teams beginning in the 1985 field when each team played in the first round.\nGeorgetown University, coached by John Thompson, won the national title with an 84–75 victory in the final game over Houston, coached by Guy Lewis. Patrick Ewing of Georgetown was named the tournament's Most Outstanding Player. Thompson became the first African-American head coach to lead his team to the title.
/m/0c8wxp	Catholicism is a broad term for describing specific traditions in the Christian churches in theology and doctrine, liturgy, ethics and spirituality. For many the term usually refers to Christians and churches, western and eastern, in full communion with the Holy See, usually known as the Catholic Church or the Roman Catholic Church. However, many others use the term to refer to other churches with historical continuity from the first millennium.\nIn the sense of indicating historical continuity of faith and practice, the term \"Catholicism\" is at times employed to mark a contrast to Protestantism, which tends to look solely to the Bible as interpreted on the principles of the 16th-century Protestant Reformation as its ultimate standard. It was thus used by the Oxford Movement.\nFor some, however, such as the priest and theologian Richard McBrien, the term refers exclusively and specifically to that \"Communion of Catholic Churches\" in communion with the Bishop of Rome. In its Letter on Some Aspects of the Church Understood as Communion, the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith stressed that the idea of the universal church as a communion of churches must not be presented as meaning that \"every particular Church is a subject complete in itself, and that the universal church is the result of a reciprocal recognition on the part of the particular Churches\". It insisted that \"the universal Church cannot be conceived as the sum of the particular Churches, or as a federation of particular Churches\".
/m/03dfth	Contemporary philosophy is the present period in the history of Western philosophy beginning at the end of the 19th century with the professionalization of the discipline and the rise of analytic and continental philosophy.\nThe phrase \"contemporary philosophy\" is a piece of technical terminology in philosophy that refers to a specific period in the history of Western philosophy. However, the phrase is often confused with modern philosophy, postmodern philosophy, and with a non-technical use of the phrase referring to any recent philosophic work.
/m/01wj18h	Shakira Isabel Mebarak Ripoll, known professionally as Shakira, is a Colombian singer-songwriter, dancer, record producer, choreographer and model. Born and raised in Barranquilla, she began performing in school, demonstrating Latin, Arabic, and rock and roll influences and belly dancing abilities. Shakira released her first studio albums, Magia and Peligro, in the early 1990s, failing to attain commercial success; however, she rose to prominence in Latin America with her major-label debut, Pies Descalzos, and her fourth album, Dónde Están los Ladrones?.\nShakira entered the English-language market with her fifth album, Laundry Service, which has sold over 20 million copies worldwide. Its lead single, \"Whenever, Wherever\", became the best-selling single of 2002. Her success was solidified with her sixth and seventh albums Fijación Oral, Vol. 1 and Oral Fixation, Vol. 2, the latter of which spawned the best-selling song of the 21st century, \"Hips Don't Lie\". Shakira's eighth and ninth albums, She Wolf and Sale el Sol, received critical praise but suffered from limited promotion due to her strained relationship with label Epic Records. Her official song for the 2010 FIFA World Cup, \"Waka Waka\", became the biggest-selling World Cup song of all time. With over 550 million views, its music video is the eighth most-watched video on YouTube. Since 2013, Shakira has served as a coach on the American version of The Voice, having appeared in two of its six seasons. Her tenth album Shakira is preceded by its lead single \"Can't Remember to Forget You\".
/m/0pj8m	Ravi Shankar, his name often preceded by the title Pandit, was an Indian musician who was one of the best-known exponents of the sitar in the second half of the 20th century as well as a composer of Hindustani classical music.\nShankar was born in Varanasi and spent his youth touring Europe and India with the dance group of his brother Uday Shankar. He gave up dancing in 1938 to study sitar playing under court musician Allauddin Khan. After finishing his studies in 1944, Shankar worked as a composer, creating the music for the Apu Trilogy by Satyajit Ray, and was music director of All India Radio, New Delhi, from 1949 to 1956.\nIn 1956, he began to tour Europe and the Americas playing Indian classical music and increased its popularity there in the 1960s through teaching, performance, and his association with violinist Yehudi Menuhin and George Harrison of the Beatles. Shankar engaged Western music by writing concerti for sitar and orchestra and toured the world in the 1970s and 1980s. From 1986 to 1992 he served as a nominated member of Rajya Sabha, the upper chamber of the Parliament of India. In 1999, Shankar was awarded India's highest civilian honour, the Bharat Ratna. He continued to perform up until the end of his life.
/m/01nqj	Cape Verde, officially the Republic of Cabo Verde, is an island country spanning an archipelago of 10 volcanic islands in the central Atlantic Ocean. Located 570 kilometres off the coast of Western Africa, the islands cover a combined area of slightly over 4,000 square kilometres. Three are fairly flat, sandy and dry; the others generally rockier with more vegetation\nPortuguese explorers discovered and colonized the previously uninhabited islands in the 15th century. Ideally located for the Atlantic slave trade, they grew prosperous and often attracted privateers and pirates, among them Sir Francis Drake, a corsair privateering under Letter of marque granted by the English crown who twice sacked the capital Ribeira Grande in the 1580s. The islands were also visited by Charles Darwin's expedition in 1832.\nDecline in the slave trade in the 19th century resulted in an economic crisis. With few natural resources and inadequate sustainable investment from the Portuguese, the citizens grew increasingly discontented with the colonial masters, who nevertheless refused to provide the local authorities with more autonomy. A budding independence movement passed on to his half-brother Luís Cabral and culminated in independence for the archipelago in 1975.
/m/0436zq	Carl William Demarest was an American character actor possibly best known for playing Uncle Charley in My Three Sons. A veteran of World War I, Demarest became a prolific film and television actor, working on over 140 films. He frequently played crusty but good-hearted roles.
/m/06wpc	The Seattle Mariners are an American professional baseball team based in Seattle, Washington. Enfranchised in 1977, the Mariners are a member of the Western Division of Major League Baseball's American League. Safeco Field has been the Mariners' home ballpark since July 1999. From their 1977 inception until June 1999, the club's home park was the Kingdome before moving to Safeco Field. Through the 2013 season, the franchise has finished with a losing record in 26 of 37 seasons.\nThe \"Mariners\" name originates from the prominence of marine culture in the city of Seattle. They are nicknamed \"the M's\", a title featured in their primary logo from 1987–1992. The current team colors are Navy Blue, Northwest Green, and Metallic Silver, after having been Royal Blue and Gold from 1977–1992. Their mascot is the Mariner Moose.\nThe organization did not field a winning team until 1991, and any real success eluded them until 1995 when they won their first division championship and defeated the New York Yankees in the American League Division Series. The game-winning hit in Game 5, in which Edgar Martínez drove home Ken Griffey, Jr. to win the game in the 11th inning, clinched a series win for the Mariners, and has since become an iconic moment in team history.
/m/09zmys	Laura Elizabeth Dern is an American actress, film director and producer. Dern has acted in such films as Smooth Talk, Blue Velvet, Fat Man and Little Boy, Wild at Heart, Jurassic Park, The Baby Dance October Sky and I Am Sam. She has won awards for her performance in the 1991 film Rambling Rose, for which she was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actress. She was awarded a Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress – Series, Miniseries or Television Film for her portrayal of Florida Secretary of State Katherine Harris in the film Recount. From 2011 to 2013, Dern starred as Amy Jellicoe in HBO’s Enlightened. In this role, she won the 2011 Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in a Television Series Musical or Comedy.
/m/09j_g	Activision Publishing, Inc. is an American video game publisher. It was founded on October 1, 1979 and was the world's first independent developer and distributor of video games for gaming consoles. Its first products were cartridges for the Atari 2600 video console system published from July 1980 for the US market and from August 1981 for the international market. Activision is now one of the largest third party video game publishers in the world and was also the top publisher for 2007 in the United States. On January 18, 2008, Activision announced they were the top US publisher in 2007, according to the NPD Group.\nIts current CEO is Robert A. Kotick, who was the Chief Executive Officer of Activision, Inc. since February 1991 until Activision and Vivendi Games merged on July 9, 2008 to create the newly formed company known as Activision Blizzard. On July 25, 2013, Activision Blizzard announced the purchase of 429 million shares from owner Vivendi, valuing US$2.34 billion. As a result, Activision Blizzard became an independent company.
/m/03c0vy	St. Mirren Football Club is a Scottish professional football club based in Paisley, Renfrewshire, founded in 1877. The team plays in the Scottish Premiership, having been promoted from the First Division in 2005–06. The team has two nicknames, the \"Buddies\" and the \"Saints\".\nSt. Mirren have won the Scottish Cup three times – 1926, 1959 and 1987 – the League Cup in 2013 and the Renfrewshire Cup 54 times. The club has played in European competition four times: UEFA Cup Winners' Cup in 1987–88 and the UEFA Cup in 1980–81, 1983–84 and 1985–86.\nThe club's home ground is St. Mirren Park, which since 2009 refers to the clubs 8,023 all seater ground on Greenhill Road, Paisley. Between 1894 to 2009, St. Mirren Park was the name given to the club's well known former Love Street stadium.
/m/05qbckf	Iron Man 2 is a 2010 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character Iron Man, produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is the sequel to 2008's Iron Man, and is the third installment in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Directed by Jon Favreau and written by Justin Theroux, the film stars Robert Downey, Jr., Gwyneth Paltrow, Don Cheadle, Scarlett Johansson, Sam Rockwell, Mickey Rourke, and Samuel L. Jackson. Set six months after the events of Iron Man, Tony Stark has revealed his identity as Iron Man and is resisting calls by the United States government to hand over the technology. Meanwhile, rogue Russian scientist Ivan Vanko has developed the same technology and built weapons of his own in order to pursue a vendetta against the Stark family, in the process joining forces with Stark's business rival, Justin Hammer.\nFollowing the successful release of Iron Man in May 2008, Marvel Studios announced and immediately set to work on producing a sequel. In July of that same year Theroux was hired to write the script, and Favreau was signed to return and direct. Downey, Paltrow and Jackson were set to reprise their roles from Iron Man, while Cheadle was brought in to replace Terrence Howard in the role of James Rhodes. In the early months of 2009, Rourke, Rockwell and Johansson filled out the supporting cast, and the film went into production that summer. Like its predecessor the film was shot mostly in California, except for a key sequence in Monaco.
/m/045m1_	Jesus, also referred to as Jesus of Nazareth, is the central figure of Christianity, whom the teachings of most Christian denominations hold to be the Son of God. Christianity regards Jesus as the awaited Messiah of the Old Testament and refers to him as Jesus Christ, a name that is also used in non-Christian contexts.\nVirtually all modern scholars of antiquity agree that Jesus existed historically, although the quest for the historical Jesus has produced little agreement on the historical reliability of the Gospels and how closely the biblical Jesus reflects the historical Jesus. Most scholars agree that Jesus was a Jewish rabbi from Galilee who preached his message orally, was baptized by John the Baptist, and was crucified in Jerusalem on the orders of the Roman prefect, Pontius Pilate. Scholars have constructed various portraits of the historical Jesus, which often depict him as having one or more of the following roles: the leader of an apocalyptic movement, Messiah, a charismatic healer, a sage and philosopher, or an egalitarian social reformer. Scholars have correlated the New Testament accounts with non-Christian historical records to arrive at an estimated chronology of Jesus' life. The most widely used calendar era in the world, in which the current year is 2014, counts from a medieval estimate of the birth year of Jesus.
/m/0h0wc	Meryl Streep is an American actress of theater, television, and film. She is widely regarded as one of the best living American film actresses.\nStreep made her professional stage debut in The Playboy of Seville, before her screen debut in the television movie The Deadliest Season. In that same year, she made her film debut in Julia. Both critical and commercial success came quickly with roles in The Deer Hunter and Kramer vs. Kramer followed by, among others, Sophie's Choice, Out of Africa, Mamma Mia!, Julie & Julia, The Iron Lady, and August: Osage County.\nStreep has received 18 Academy Award nominations, winning three, and 28 Golden Globe nominations, winning eight, more nominations than any other actor in the history of either award. Her work has also earned her two Emmy Awards, two Screen Actors Guild Awards, a Cannes Film Festival award, five New York Film Critics Circle Awards, two BAFTA awards, two Australian Film Institute awards, five Grammy Award nominations, and a Tony Award nomination, among several others. She was awarded the AFI Life Achievement Award in 2004 and the Kennedy Center Honor in 2011 for her contribution to American culture through performing arts, the youngest actor in each award's history. President Barack Obama awarded her the 2010 National Medal of Arts.
/m/0mj0c	William James was an American philosopher and psychologist who was also trained as a physician. The first educator to offer a psychology course in the United States, James was one of the leading thinkers of the late nineteenth century and is believed by many to be one of the most influential philosophers the United States has ever produced, while others have labelled him the \"Father of American psychology\". Along with Charles Sanders Peirce and John Dewey, he is considered to be one of the greatest figures associated with the philosophical school known as pragmatism, and is also cited as one of the founders of the functional psychology. He also developed the philosophical perspective known as radical empiricism. James' work has influenced intellectuals such as Émile Durkheim, W. E. B. Du Bois, Edmund Husserl, Bertrand Russell, Ludwig Wittgenstein, Hilary Putnam, and Richard Rorty.\nBorn into a wealthy family, James was the son of the Swedenborgian theologian Henry James Sr and the brother of both the prominent novelist Henry James, and the diarist Alice James. James wrote widely on many topics, including epistemology, education, metaphysics, psychology, religion, and mysticism. Among his most influential books are Principles of Psychology, which was a groundbreaking text in the field of psychology, Essays in Radical Empiricism, an important text in philosophy, and The Varieties of Religious Experience, which investigated different forms of religious experience.
/m/05f5rsr	The 35th Cannes Film Festival was held on May 14–26. The Palme d'Or went to the Missing by Costa Gavras.\nThe festival opened with Intolerance, directed by D. W. Griffith and closed with E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, directed by Steven Spielberg.
/m/01rxw2	Marche is one of the 20 regions of Italy. In English, this region is also known as the Marches. The name of the region derives from the plural name of marca, originally referring to the medieval March of Ancona and nearby marches of Camerino and Fermo.\nThe region is located in the Central area of the country, bordered by Emilia-Romagna and the republic of San Marino to the north, Tuscany to the north-west, Umbria to the west, Abruzzo and Lazio to the south and the Adriatic Sea to the east. Except for river valleys and the often very narrow coastal strip, the land is hilly. A railway from Bologna to Brindisi, built in the 19th century, runs along the coast of the entire territory. Inland, the mountainous nature of the region, even today, allows relatively little travel north and south, except by twisting roads over the passes.
/m/0f447	Gothic architecture is a style of architecture that flourished during the high and late medieval period. It evolved from Romanesque architecture and was succeeded by Renaissance architecture.\nOriginating in 12th-century France and lasting into the 16th century, Gothic architecture was known during the period as Opus Francigenum with the term Gothic first appearing during the latter part of the Renaissance. Its characteristics include the pointed arch, the ribbed vault and the flying buttress.\nGothic architecture is most familiar as the architecture of many of the great cathedrals, abbeys and churches of Europe. It is also the architecture of many castles, palaces, town halls, guild halls, universities and to a less prominent extent, private dwellings.\nIt is in the great churches and cathedrals and in a number of civic buildings that the Gothic style was expressed most powerfully, its characteristics lending themselves to appeals to the emotions, whether springing from faith or from civic pride. A great number of ecclesiastical buildings remain from this period, of which even the smallest are often structures of architectural distinction while many of the larger churches are considered priceless works of art and are listed with UNESCO as World Heritage Sites. For this reason a study of Gothic architecture is largely a study of cathedrals and churches.
/m/03_8kz	Lou Grant is an American television drama series starring Ed Asner in the titular role as a newspaper editor. Unusual in American television, this drama series was a spinoff from a sitcom, The Mary Tyler Moore Show.\nAired from 1977 to 1982, Lou Grant won 13 Emmy Awards, including \"Outstanding Drama Series\". Asner won the Emmy Award for \"Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series\" in 1978 and 1980. In doing so, he became the only person to win an Emmy Award for both \"Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series\" and \"Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series\" for portraying the same character, recognizing his work on this series and The Mary Tyler Moore Show. Lou Grant also won two Golden Globe awards, a Peabody award, an Eddie award, three awards from the Directors Guild of America, and two Humanitas prizes.
/m/0fxkr	Marion County is a county located in the U.S. state of Florida. The U.S. Census Bureau 2012 estimate for the county is 335,125. Its county seat is Ocala.\nMarion County is coextensive with the Ocala Metropolitan Statistical Area, a metropolitan statistical area designated by the Office of Management and Budget and used for statistical purposes by the Census Bureau and other agencies. The Ocala, Florida Standard Metropolitan Statistical Area was first defined in 1981.
/m/0ccck7	To Kill a Mockingbird is a 1962 American drama adaptation of Harper Lee's novel of the same name, directed by Robert Mulligan. It stars Gregory Peck in the role of Atticus Finch and Mary Badham in the role of Scout.\nThe film, widely considered to be one of the greatest ever made, earned an overwhelmingly positive response from critics, and was a box office success as well, earning more than 10 times its budget. In 1995, the film was listed in the National Film Registry. It also ranks twenty-fifth on the American Film Institute's 10th anniversary list of the greatest American movies of all time. In 2003, AFI named Atticus Finch the greatest movie hero of the 20th century.\nTo Kill a Mockingbird marks the film debuts of Robert Duvall, William Windom, and Alice Ghostley.
/m/02r3zy	The Foo Fighters are an American rock band, formed in Seattle in 1994. It was founded by Nirvana drummer Dave Grohl as a one-man project following the death of Kurt Cobain and the resulting dissolution of his previous band. The group got its name from the UFOs and various aerial phenomena that were reported by Allied aircraft pilots in World War II, which were known collectively as foo fighters. Prior to the release of Foo Fighters' 1995 debut album Foo Fighters, which featured Grohl as the only official member, Grohl recruited bassist Nate Mendel and drummer William Goldsmith, both formerly of Sunny Day Real Estate, as well as fellow Nirvana touring bandmate Pat Smear as guitarist to complete the lineup. The band began with performances in Portland, Oregon. Goldsmith quit during the recording of the group's second album, The Colour and the Shape when most of the drum parts were re-recorded by Grohl himself. Smear's departure followed soon afterward.\nThey were replaced by Taylor Hawkins and Franz Stahl, respectively, although Stahl was fired before the recording of the group's third album, There Is Nothing Left to Lose. The band briefly continued as a trio until Chris Shiflett joined as the band's lead guitarist after the completion of There Is Nothing Left to Lose. The band released its fourth album, One by One, in 2002. The group followed that release with the two-disc In Your Honor, which was split between acoustic songs and heavier material. Foo Fighters released its sixth album, Echoes, Silence, Patience & Grace, in 2007. In 2010, it was confirmed that Smear had officially rejoined the band after touring with Foo Fighters as an unofficial member between 2006 and 2009. Over the course of the band's career, four of its albums have won Grammy Awards for Best Rock Album. The band's seventh studio album, Wasting Light, was released in 2011. Grohl stated in January 2013 that the band had started writing material for an eighth studio album. Producer Butch Vig is set to produce his second album with the group.
/m/015_1q	Columbia Records is a premier recording label, under the ownership of Sony Music Entertainment, operating under the Columbia Music Group. It was founded in 1888, evolving from an earlier enterprise, the American Graphophone Company—successor to the Volta Graphophone Company. Columbia is the oldest brand name in recorded sound, being the first record company to produce recorded records as opposed to blank cylinders. Columbia Records went on to release records by an array of notable singers, instrumentalists, and bands. From 1961 to 1990, its recordings were released outside the U.S. and Canada on the CBS Records label before adopting the Columbia name in most of the world.\nIt is one of Sony Music's three flagship record labels with the others being Epic Records and RCA Records.\nUntil 1989, Columbia Records had no connection to Columbia Pictures, which used various other names for record labels they owned, including Colpix, Colgems, Bell and later Arista; rather, it was connected to CBS, which stood for Columbia Broadcasting System, a broadcasting media company which purchased Columbia Records in the late 1930s, and which had been co-founded in 1927 by Columbia Records itself. Though Arista was sold to BMG, it would later become a sister label to Columbia Records through Sony Music; both are connected to Columbia Pictures through Sony Corporation of America, worldwide parent of both the music and motion picture arms of Sony.
/m/0133ch	Chesterfield is a market town and a borough of Derbyshire, United Kingdom. It lies 24 miles north of Derby, on a confluence of the rivers Rother and Hipper. It has a population of 103,800, making it the largest town in Derbyshire, and the second largest settlement in the county after the unitary authority of the city of Derby.\nArchaeology of the town traces its beginnings to the 1st century and the construction of a Roman fort, which became redundant and was abandoned once peace was achieved. Later a Saxon village grew up on the site; the name Chesterfield stems from the Saxon words 'caester' and 'feld'.\nChesterfield received its market charter in 1204 and has one of the largest open air markets in Britain. The town sits on a large coalfield which formed a major part of the area's economy until the 1980s. Little evidence of the mining industry remains today.\nThe town's most famous landmark is the distinctive 'crooked' spire of its predominantly 14th-century church.
/m/05nrkb	Professional Children's School is a not-for-profit, college preparatory school enrolling 200 students in grades 6-12. The school was founded in New York City in 1914 to provide an academic education to young people working on the New York stage, in Vaudeville, or \"on the road\". Today's students include athletes, dancers, musicians and others who require the flexibility to pursue challenging goals that may sometimes require absence from school for professional or pre-professional reasons. PCS is accredited by the New York State Association of Independent Schools and PCS graduates attain admission to the most competitive colleges and universities.
/m/014g_s	Dwayne Douglas Johnson, also known by his ring name The Rock, is an American actor and semi-retired professional wrestler, best known for his time in WWE.\nJohnson was a college football player for the University of Miami, winning a national championship on the 1991 Miami Hurricanes football team. He later played for the Calgary Stampeders in the Canadian Football League, and was cut two months into the 1995 season. This led him to become a professional wrestler like his grandfather, Peter Maivia, and his father, Rocky Johnson. Originally billed as \"Rocky Maivia\", he gained mainstream fame as \"The Rock\" in the World Wrestling Federation from 1996 to 2004, and was the first third-generation wrestler in the company's history. He returned to wrestling part-time for WWE from 2011 to 2013.\nJohnson is widely considered one of the greatest professional wrestlers of all time. He had 17 championship reigns in WWE, including ten world title reigns: the WWF/E Championship eight times and the WCW/World Championship twice. He won the WWF Intercontinental Championship twice and the World Tag Team Championship five times. He is the sixth WWF/E Triple Crown Champion, and won the 2000 Royal Rumble.
/m/0cj2nl	Lee Eisenberg is a film and television writer. He usually works with Gene Stupnitsky.
/m/03x33n	Southern University and A&M College is a historically black college located in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. The Baton Rouge campus is located on Scott’s Bluff overlooking the Mississippi River in the northern section of the City of Baton Rouge. The campus encompasses 512 acres, with an agricultural experimental station on an additional 372-acre site, located five miles north of the main campus. The University is a member-school of the Thurgood Marshall College Fund.
/m/01mvth	Jerry L. Nelson was an American puppeteer, best known for his work with The Muppets. Renowned for his wide range of characters and singing abilities, he performed Muppet characters on Sesame Street, The Muppet Show, Fraggle Rock, and various Muppet movies and specials.
/m/0cv9b	Texas Instruments Inc. is an American company that designs and makes semiconductors, which it sells to electronics designers and manufacturers globally. Headquartered at Dallas, Texas, United States, TI is the third largest manufacturer of semiconductors worldwide after Intel and Samsung, the second largest supplier of chips for cellular handsets after Qualcomm, and the largest producer of digital signal processors and analog semiconductors, among a wide range of other semiconductor products, including calculators, microcontrollers and multi-core processors. Texas Instruments is among the Top 20 Semiconductor producing companies in the world.\nTexas Instruments was founded in 1951. It emerged after a reorganization of Geophysical Service. This company manufactured equipment for use in the seismic industry as well as defense electronics. TI began research in transistors in the early 1950s and produced the world's first commercial silicon transistor. In 1954, Texas Instruments designed and manufactured the first transistor radio and Jack Kilby invented the integrated circuit in 1958 while working at TI's Central Research Labs. The company produced the first integrated circuit-based computer for the U.S. Air Force in 1961. TI researched infrared technology in the late 1950s and later made radar systems as well as guidance and control systems for both missiles and bombs. The hand-held calculator was introduced to the world by TI in 1967.
/m/04kdn	Lake Superior is the largest of the Great Lakes of North America. The lake is bounded by Ontario and Minnesota to the north and west, and Wisconsin and Michigan to the south. It is generally considered the largest freshwater lake in the world by surface area. It is the world's third-largest freshwater lake by volume and the largest by volume in North America.
/m/02y8bn	Christopher Robert Pronger is a Canadian professional ice hockey player who is currently under contract with the Philadelphia Flyers of the National Hockey League, but who has not played since November 2011 due to post-concussion syndrome after three separate hits, also including being hit in the eye by the butt-end of another players stick; Pronger now suffers with vision impairment. Though he is not officially retired, Pronger is not expected to play again.\nOriginally selected 2nd overall by the Hartford Whalers in the 1993 NHL Entry Draft, Pronger has played for Hartford, the St. Louis Blues, Edmonton Oilers, and Anaheim Ducks before being traded to the Flyers before the 2009–10 season, having also captained the Blues and Ducks during that time. He has appeared in the Stanley Cup finals with three different teams, winning the Cup with the Ducks in 2007. Pronger won the Hart Trophy as the league's most valuable player and was the first defenceman to win the award since Bobby Orr in 1972. A mainstay on Team Canada, Pronger won Olympic gold medals at Salt Lake City 2002 and Vancouver 2010 and is a member of the Triple Gold Club.
/m/02wgln	Alfred Molina is a British actor known for his roles in Raiders of the Lost Ark, Prick Up Your Ears, The Man Who Knew Too Little, Spider-Man 2, Maverick, Species, Not Without My Daughter, Chocolat, Frida, Steamboy, The Hoax, Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time, The Da Vinci Code, The Little Traitor, An Education and The Sorcerer's Apprentice.\nHe starred as DDA / Detective Ricardo Morales on the NBC police/courtroom drama Law & Order: LA and as Roger opposite Dawn French in the BBC television sitcom Roger & Val Have Just Got In.
/m/09146g	Kung Fu Panda is a 2008 American computer-animated action comedy wuxia film produced by DreamWorks Animation and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was directed by John Stevenson and Mark Osborne and produced by Melissa Cobb, and stars the voices of Jack Black, Dustin Hoffman, Angelina Jolie, Jackie Chan, Lucy Liu, Seth Rogen, David Cross, Ian McShane, Randall Duk Kim, James Hong, Dan Fogler, and Michael Clarke Duncan. Set in a version of ancient China populated by anthropomorphic talking animals, the plot revolves around a bumbling panda named Po who aspires to be a kung fu master. When an evil kung fu warrior is foretold to escape from prison, Po is unwittingly named the chosen one destined to bring peace to the land, much to the chagrin of the resident kung fu warriors.\nThe idea for the film was conceived by Michael Lachance, a DreamWorks Animation executive. The film was originally intended to be a parody, but director Stevenson decided instead to shoot an action comedy wuxia film that incorporates the hero's journey narrative archetype for the lead character. The computer animation in the film was more complex than anything DreamWorks had done before. As with most DreamWorks animated films, Hans Zimmer scored Kung Fu Panda. He visited China to absorb the culture and get to know the China National Symphony Orchestra as part of his preparation. A sequel, Kung Fu Panda 2, was released on May 26, 2011, along with a television series, Kung Fu Panda: Legends of Awesomeness later that same year as a part of a franchise.
/m/01518s	Danzig is an American heavy metal band, formed in 1987 in Lodi, New Jersey. The band is the musical outlet for singer/songwriter Glenn Danzig, preceded by the horror punk bands the Misfits and Samhain. They play in a bluesy doom-driven heavy metal style influenced by the early sound of Black Sabbath.
/m/02pqcfz	The UCLA Bruins men's basketball program, established in 1920, owns a record 11 Division I NCAA championships. UCLA teams coached by John Wooden won 10 national titles in 12 seasons from 1964 to 1975, including 7 straight from 1967 to 1973. UCLA went undefeated a record 4 times, in 1964, 1967, 1972, and 1973. Coach Jim Harrick led the team to another NCAA title in 1995. Former coach Ben Howland led UCLA to three consecutive Final Four appearances from 2006–2008. On March 30, 2013, Steve Alford was named the school's 13th head men's basketball coach.
/m/06mz5	South Dakota is a state located in the Midwestern region of the United States. It is named after the Lakota and Dakota Sioux Native American tribes. South Dakota is the 17th most extensive, but the 5th least populous and the 5th least densely populated of the 50 United States. Once the southern portion of the Dakota Territory, South Dakota became a state on November 2, 1889, simultaneously with North Dakota. Pierre is the state capital and Sioux Falls, with a population of about 159,000, is South Dakota's largest city.\nSouth Dakota is bordered by the states of North Dakota, Minnesota, Iowa, Nebraska, Wyoming, and Montana. The state is bisected by the Missouri River, dividing South Dakota into two geographically and socially distinct halves, known to residents as \"East River\" and \"West River\". Eastern South Dakota is home to most of the state's population, and fertile soil in this area is used to grow a variety of crops. West of the Missouri, ranching is the predominant agricultural activity, and the economy is more dependent on tourism and defense spending. The Black Hills, a group of low pine-covered mountains, are located in the southwest part of the state. The Black Hills are sacred to the Sioux. Mount Rushmore, a major tourist destination, is located there. Other attractions in the southwest include Badlands and Wind Cave national parks, Custer State Park, the Crazy Horse Memorial, and historic Deadwood. South Dakota experiences a temperate continental climate, with four distinct seasons and precipitation ranging from moderate in the east to semi-arid in the west. The ecology of the state features species typical of a North American grassland biome.
/m/02qmjqd	The 2001 Major League Baseball season, the first of the 21st Century, finished with the Arizona Diamondbacks defeating the New York Yankees in a Game 7 of the 2001 World Series. The attacks of September 11 pushed the end of the regular-season from September 30 to October 7. Because of that, the World Series was not completed until November 4, therefore it was called The November Series. The 2001 World Series was the only World Series to end in November until the 2009 World Series, and 2010 World Series which was scheduled to end on November 1 at the earliest and ended on November 4.\nThis season was memorable for the Seattle Mariners tying the MLB regular season record of 116 games won, Barry Bonds breaking Mark McGwire's single-season home-run record, and baseball's patriotic return after a week's worth of games being postponed due to 9/11.
/m/02zs4	The Ford Motor Company is an American multinational automaker headquartered in Dearborn, Michigan, a suburb of Detroit. It was founded by Henry Ford and incorporated on June 16, 1903. The company sells automobiles and commercial vehicles under the Ford brand and most luxury cars under the Lincoln brand. Ford also owns Brazilian SUV manufacturer, Troller, and performance car manufacturer FPV. In the past it has also produced tractors and automotive components. Ford owns a 2.1% stake in Mazda of Japan, a 15% stake in Aston Martin of the United Kingdom, and a 49% stake in Jiagling of China. It also has a number of joint-ventures, two in China, one in Thailand, one in Turkey, and one in Russia. It is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and is controlled by the Ford family, although they have minority ownership. It is described by Forbes as \"the most important industrial company in the history of the United States.\"\nFord introduced methods for large-scale manufacturing of cars and large-scale management of an industrial workforce using elaborately engineered manufacturing sequences typified by moving assembly lines; by 1914 these methods were known around the world as Fordism. Ford's former UK subsidiaries Jaguar and Land Rover, acquired in 1989 and 2000 respectively, were sold to Tata Motors in March 2008. Ford owned the Swedish automaker Volvo from 1999 to 2010. In 2011, Ford discontinued the Mercury brand, under which it had marketed entry-level luxury cars in the United States, Canada, Mexico, and the Middle East since 1938.
/m/0187nd	The University of Missouri is a public research university located in the state of Missouri. In 1839 the university was founded in Columbia, Missouri, as the first public institution of higher education west of the Mississippi River. The largest university in Missouri, MU enrolls 34,616 students in 20 academic colleges in the 2013–14 year. The university is the flagship of the University of Missouri System which maintains campuses in Rolla, Kansas City and St. Louis. MU is one of the nation's top-tier R1 institutions, and one of 34 public universities to be members of the Association of American Universities and the only one in Missouri. There are more than 270,000 MU alumni living worldwide, with almost one half continuing to reside in Missouri. The University of Missouri was ranked 97th in the 2014 U.S. News & World Report among the national universities, steady from the previous year.\nThe campus of the University of Missouri is 1,262 acres just south of Downtown Columbia and is maintained as a botanical garden. The historical campus is centered on Francis Quadrangle, a historic district that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places, and a number of buildings on the National Register of Historic Places. In 1908, the world's first school of journalism was founded by Walter Williams as the Missouri School of Journalism.
/m/04jkpgv	Antichrist is a 2009 Danish art film written and directed by Lars von Trier, starring Willem Dafoe and Charlotte Gainsbourg. It follows horror film conventions and tells the story of a couple who, after the death of their child, retreat to a cabin in the woods where the man experiences strange visions and the woman manifests increasingly violent sexual behaviour and sadism. The narrative is divided into a prologue, four chapters and an epilogue. The film was primarily a Danish production but co-produced by companies from six different European countries. It was filmed in Germany and Sweden.\nAfter premiering at the 2009 Cannes Film Festival, where Gainsbourg won the festival's award for Best Actress, the film immediately caused controversy, with critics generally praising the film's artistic execution but strongly divided regarding its substantive merit. Other awards won by the film include the Robert Award for best Danish film, The Nordic Council Film Prize for best Nordic film and the European Film Award for best cinematography. The film is dedicated to the Soviet filmmaker Andrei Tarkovsky.
/m/0132k4	John Francis Anthony Pastorius III, better known as Jaco Pastorius, was an influential American jazz musician, composer and electric bass player. He is best known for his work with Weather Report from 1976 to 1981, as well as work with artists including Joni Mitchell and his own solo projects.\nHis playing was known for its highly technical, latin-influenced 16th-note funk, lyrical soloing on fretless bass and innovative use of harmonics. He was inducted into the Down Beat Jazz Hall of Fame in 1988, one of only seven bassists so honored.
/m/0k0sb	Serbian is the standardized variety of the Serbo-Croatian language used chiefly by Serbs in Serbia, Montenegro, and Bosnia and Herzegovina. In addition, it is a recognized minority language in Croatia, Macedonia, Romania, Hungary, Slovakia, Czech republic, Albania and Greece.\nStandard Serbian is based on the most widespread dialect of Serbo-Croatian, Shtokavian, which is also the basis of Standard Croatian, Bosnian, and Montenegrin The other dialect spoken by Serbs is Torlakian in southeastern Serbia, which is transitional to Macedonian and Bulgarian.\nSerbian is practically the only European standard language with complete synchronic digraphia, using both Cyrillic and Latin alphabets; speakers read the two scripts equally well. The Serbian Cyrillic alphabet was devised in 1814 by Serbian linguist Vuk Karadžić, who created the alphabet on phonemic principles. The Latin alphabet was designed by Croatian linguist Ljudevit Gaj in 1830.
/m/01mc11	Poughkeepsie is a city in the state of New York, United States, which serves as the county seat of Dutchess County. Poughkeepsie is located in the Hudson Valley midway between New York City and Albany. The name derives from a word in the Wappinger language, roughly U-puku-ipi-sing, meaning \"the reed-covered lodge by the little-water place,\" referring to a spring or stream feeding into the Hudson River south of the present downtown area.\nPoughkeepsie is known as \"The Queen City of the Hudson.\" Poughkeepsie is the principal city of the Poughkeepsie–Newburgh–Middletown metropolitan area, which includes all of Dutchess and Orange counties. It was originally settled in the 17th century by the Dutch and became New York's second capital shortly after the American Revolution. It was chartered as a city in 1854. Major bridges in the city include the Poughkeepsie Bridge, a former railroad bridge now serving as a public walkway, which opened on October 3, 2009, and the Mid-Hudson Bridge, a major thoroughfare built in 1930 that carries U.S. Route 44 over the Hudson.
/m/0487_	The Kansas City Chiefs are a professional American football team based in Kansas City, Missouri. They are a member of the Western Division of the American Football Conference in the National Football League. Originally named the Dallas Texans, the team was founded by Lamar Hunt in 1960 as a charter member of the American Football League. In 1963, the team relocated to Kansas City and assumed their current name. They joined the NFL during the AFL–NFL merger of 1970. The team is legally and corporately registered as Kansas City Chiefs Football Club, Incorporated and according to Forbes is valued at just under USD 1 billion.\nFrom 1960 to 1969, the Chiefs were a successful franchise in the AFL, winning three league championships and having an all-time AFL record of 92–50–5. The Chiefs were the second AFL team to defeat an NFL franchise in an AFL–NFL World Championship Game when they defeated the Minnesota Vikings in Super Bowl IV. The team's victory on January 11, 1970 remains the club's last championship game victory and appearance to date. The Chiefs were the second team, after the Green Bay Packers, to appear in more than one Super Bowl, and they were the first team to appear in the championship game in two different decades.
/m/022qqh	A curator is a manager or overseer. Traditionally, a curator or keeper of a cultural heritage institution is a content specialist responsible for an institution's collections and involved with the interpretation of heritage material. The object of a traditional curator's concern necessarily involves tangible objects of some sort, whether it be artwork, collectibles, historic items or scientific collections. More recently, new kinds of curators are emerging: curators of digital data objects and biocurators.
/m/02x17c2	The Satellite Award for Best Original Song is an annual award given by the International Press Academy.
/m/01wbl_r	Ramón Luis Ayala Rodríguez, known by his stage name Daddy Yankee, is a Puerto Rican reggaeton singer songwriter and recording artist. Ayala was born in Río Piedras, San Juan, Puerto Rico, and was raised in the Villa Kennedy Housing Projects.\nAyala aspired to be a professional baseball player and tried out for the Seattle Mariners Major League baseball team. Before he could be officially signed, he was hit by a stray round from an AK-47 rifle while taking a break from a studio recording session with reggaeton mix tape icon DJ Playero. Ayala spent roughly one and a half years recovering from the wound; the bullet was never removed from his hip, and he credits the shooting incident with allowing him to focus entirely on a music career. Since then, he has sold over 10 million albums.
/m/0bzknt	The 44th Academy Awards were presented April 10, 1972 at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion in Los Angeles. The ceremonies were presided over by Helen Hayes, Alan King, Sammy Davis, Jr., and Jack Lemmon. One of the highlights of the evening was the appearance of Betty Grable, battling cancer at the time, who made one of her last public appearances. She appeared along with one of her leading men from the 1940s, singer Dick Haymes, to present the musical scoring awards. Grable died the following year.
/m/02ldkf	The North Carolina Agricultural and Technical State University is a land-grant university located in Greensboro, North Carolina, United States. It is the largest publicly funded historically black college in the state of North Carolina.\nNC A&T is a constituent institution of the University of North Carolina System. It is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools and classified as a research university with high research activity by The Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education. Founded in 1891 and known then as The Agricultural and Mechanical College for the Colored Race.\nNC A&T is one of the nation's leading producers of African-American engineers with bachelor's, master's and doctorate degrees. NASA is one of the major partners of the School of Engineering. It is also the nation's top producer of minorities with degrees in science, mathematics, engineering and technology. NC A&T is also a leading producer of minority certified public accountants, landscape architects, and veterinarians. NC A&T offers 116 bachelor's degrees, 54 master's degrees, and doctorate degrees in energy, environmental, electrical engineering studies, Leadership Studies, and mechanical, electrical, and industrial engineering. NC A&T is a member-school of the Thurgood Marshall College Fund.
/m/03g9xj	Smallville is an American television series developed by writers/producers Alfred Gough and Miles Millar. It is based on the DC Comics character Superman, originally created by Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster. The television series was initially broadcast by The WB Television Network, premiering on October 16, 2001. After Smallville's fifth season, The WB and UPN merged to form The CW, which became the broadcaster for the show in the United States. It ended its tenth and final season on May 13, 2011. The series follows the adventures of Clark Kent, who resides in the fictional town of Smallville, Kansas, during the years before he becomes known as Superman. The first four seasons focus on Clark and his friends' high school years. After season five, the show ventures into more adult settings, eventually focusing on his career at the Daily Planet, as well as introducing other DC comic book superheroes and villains.\nThe concept for Smallville was created after a potential series chronicling a young Bruce Wayne's journey toward becoming Batman failed to generate interest. After meeting with the president of Warner Bros. Television, series developers Gough and Millar pitched their \"no tights, no flights\" rule, which would break Superman down to the bare essentials and look at the events leading up to Clark Kent becoming Superman. After seven seasons with the show, Gough and Millar departed without providing a specific reason. Smallville was predominantly filmed in and around Vancouver, British Columbia, with some of the local businesses and buildings substituting for Smallville locations. The music for the first six seasons was primarily composed by Mark Snow, who incorporated elements of John Williams's musical score from the original Superman film series. In season seven, Louis Febre, who had worked with Snow from the beginning, took over as primary composer.
/m/03_1pg	Mary Lynn Rajskub is an American actress and comedian, best known for her leading role as Chloe O'Brian in the Fox action-thriller 24.
/m/089_x	The 20th century was the period between January 1, 1901 and December 31, 2000, inclusive. It is distinct from the century known as the 1900s, which began on January 1, 1900 and ended December 31, 1999.\nThe century had the first global-scale wars between several world powers across multiple continents in World War I and World War II. Nationalism became a major political issue in the world in the 20th century that was acknowledged in international law with the acknowledgement of the right of nations to self-determination, official decolonization in the mid-century, and many nationalist-influenced armed conflicts - including both World Wars. Feminism that demanded that women have equal rights to men, was a major political issue in the world, and particularly in the result of granting women suffrage in many countries.\nThe century saw a major shift in the way that vast numbers of people lived, as a result of changes in politics, ideology, economics, society, culture, science, technology, and medicine. It has been theorized that the 20th century saw more technological and scientific progress than all the other centuries combined since the dawn of civilization. Terms like ideology, world war, genocide, and nuclear war entered common usage. Scientific discoveries, such as the theory of relativity and quantum physics, drastically changed the worldview of scientists, causing them to realize that the universe was fantastically more complex than previously believed, and dashing the strong hopes at the end of the 19th century that the last few details of scientific knowledge were about to be filled in. Accelerating scientific understanding, more efficient communications, and faster transportation transformed the world in those hundred years more rapidly and widely than in any previous century. It was a century that started with horses, simple automobiles, and freighters but ended with high-speed rail, cruise ships, global commercial air travel and the space shuttle. Horses, Western society's basic form of personal transportation for thousands of years, were replaced by automobiles and buses within the span of a few decades. These developments were made possible by the large-scale exploitation of fossil fuel resources, which offered large amounts of energy in an easily portable form, but also caused widespread concerns about pollution and long-term impact on the environment. Humans explored outer space for the first time, taking their first footsteps on the Moon.
/m/0qcr0	Cancer, known medically as a malignant neoplasm, is a broad group of diseases involving unregulated cell growth. In cancer, cells divide and grow uncontrollably, forming malignant tumors, and invading nearby parts of the body. The cancer may also spread to more distant parts of the body through the lymphatic system or bloodstream. Not all tumors are cancerous; benign tumors do not invade neighboring tissues and do not spread throughout the body. There are over 200 different known cancers that affect humans.\nThe causes of cancer are diverse, complex, and only partially understood. Many things are known to increase the risk of cancer, including tobacco use, dietary factors, certain infections, exposure to radiation, lack of physical activity, obesity, and environmental pollutants. These factors can directly damage genes or combine with existing genetic faults within cells to cause cancerous mutations. Approximately 5–10% of cancers can be traced directly to inherited genetic defects. Many cancers could be prevented by not smoking, eating more vegetables, fruits and whole grains, eating less meat and refined carbohydrates, maintaining a healthy weight, exercising, minimizing sunlight exposure, and being vaccinated against some infectious diseases.
/m/099pks	King of the Hill is an American adult animated sitcom created by Mike Judge and Greg Daniels that ran from January 12, 1997, to May 6, 2010, on Fox. It centers on the Hills, a middle-class Methodist family in the fictional small town of Arlen, Texas. It attempts to retain a naturalistic approach, seeking humor in the conventional and mundane aspects of everyday life. Unlike other animated programs, plots were often cumulative, much like a prime-time drama. In addition, the show was known for its dramatic cliffhangers during season finales. This style of storytelling was unusual for an animated program at the time King of the Hill aired.\nJudge and Daniels conceived the series after a run with Judge's Beavis and Butt-head on MTV, and the series debuted on the Fox network as a mid-season replacement on January 12, 1997, quickly becoming a hit. The series's popularity led to worldwide syndication, and reruns air nightly on Adult Swim. The show became one of Fox's longest-running series, second longest as an animated series. In 2007 it was named by Time magazine as one of the top 100 greatest television shows of all time. The title theme was written and performed by The Refreshments. King of the Hill won two Emmy Awards and was nominated for seven.
/m/01gtc0	The Twenty-fifth United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, consisting of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, D.C. from March 4, 1837 to March 4, 1839, during the first two years of Martin Van Buren's presidency. The apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives was based on the Fifth Census of the United States in 1830. Both chambers had a Democratic majority.
/m/050kh5	Indian Idol is an adaptation of the Pop Idol format. It started airing in India with the first season in 2004–2005 and was followed by second, third and fourth seasons. The fifth season of Indian aired on Sony TV in 2010 and Indian Idol 6 in 2012.
/m/02sb1w	Dabney Wharton Coleman is an American actor he is perhaps best known for roles in 9 to 5, Cloak & Dagger, Tootsie, WarGames, You've Got Mail, The Beverly Hillbillies and as the voice of Principal Peter Prickly in Recess and Recess: School's Out.
/m/06mzp	Switzerland, officially the Swiss Confederation, is a federal parliamentary republic consisting of 26 cantons, with Bern as the seat of the federal authorities. The country is situated in Western and Central Europe, where it is bordered by Germany to the north, France to the west, Italy to the south, and Austria and Liechtenstein to the east. Switzerland is a landlocked country geographically divided between the Alps, the Swiss Plateau and the Jura, spanning an area of 41,285 km². While the Alps occupy the greater part of the territory, the Swiss population of approximately 8 million people is concentrated mostly on the Plateau, where the largest cities are to be found. Among them are the two global cities and economic centres of Zürich and Geneva, whose influence can be seen not only in Switzerland but all over the world.\nThe establishment of the Swiss Confederation is traditionally dated to 1 August 1291, which is celebrated annually as Swiss National Day. It has a long history of armed neutrality—it has not been in a state of war internationally since 1815—and did not join the United Nations until 2002. It pursues, however, an active foreign policy and is frequently involved in peace-building processes around the world. Switzerland is also the birthplace of the Red Cross and home to a large number of international organizations, including the second largest UN office. On the European level, it is a founding member of the European Free Trade Association and is part of the Schengen Area – although it is notably not a member of the European Union, nor the European Economic Area. Switzerland comprises four main linguistic and cultural regions: German, French, Italian and the Romansh-speaking valleys. Therefore the Swiss, although predominantly German-speaking, do not form a nation in the sense of a common ethnic or linguistic identity; rather, the strong sense of identity and community is founded on a common historical background, shared values such as federalism and direct democracy, and Alpine symbolism.
/m/011yqc	L.A. Confidential is a 1997 neo-noir film based on James Ellroy's 1990 novel of the same title, the third book in his L.A. Quartet series. Both the book and the film tell the story of a group of LAPD officers in the year 1953, and the intersection of police corruption and Hollywood celebrity. The title refers to the 1950s scandal magazine Confidential, portrayed in the film as Hush-Hush. The film adaptation was produced and directed by Curtis Hanson and co-written by Hanson and Brian Helgeland.\nAt the time, Australian actor Guy Pearce and New Zealand actor Russell Crowe were relatively unknown in North America, and one of the film's backers, Peter Dennett, was worried about the lack of established stars in the lead roles. However, he supported Hanson's casting decisions and this gave the director the confidence to approach Kevin Spacey, Kim Basinger, and Danny DeVito.\nCritically acclaimed, the film holds a 99% rating at Rotten Tomatoes with 85 out of 86 reviews positive and average rating of 8.6 out of 10, as well as an aggregated rating of 90% based on 28 reviews on Metacritic. It was nominated for nine Academy Awards and won two, Basinger for Best Actress in a Supporting Role and Hanson and Helgeland for Best Writing.
/m/04bz7q	Kristine Sutherland is an actress best known for starring her role as Buffy Summers' mother Joyce Summers on the television show Buffy The Vampire Slayer and her in role as in the mother in Honey, I Shrunk the Kids.
/m/01m4pc	Walsall is a large industrial town in the West Midlands of England. It is located 8 miles northwest of the City of Birmingham and 6 miles east of the City of Wolverhampton. Historically a part of Staffordshire, Walsall is a component area of the West Midlands conurbation, and part of the Black Country.\nWalsall is the administrative centre of the wider Metropolitan Borough of Walsall. As of the 2011 census, the town's built-up area had a population of 67,594, with the wider borough having a population of 269,323. Neighbouring settlements in the borough include Brownhills, Willenhall, Bloxwich, and Aldridge.
/m/0fgg4	Jennifer Lynn Connelly is an American film actress, who began her career as a child model. She appeared in magazine, newspaper and television advertising, before making her motion picture debut in the 1984 crime film Once Upon a Time in America. Connelly continued modeling and acting, starring in films such as the 1986 Labyrinth and the 1991 Career Opportunities. She gained critical acclaim for her work in the 1998 science fiction film Dark City and for her portrayal of Marion Silver in the 2000 drama Requiem for a Dream.\nIn 2002, Connelly won an Academy Award, a Golden Globe Award and a BAFTA Award for her supporting role as Alicia Nash in Ron Howard's 2001 biopic A Beautiful Mind. Her later credits include the 2003 Marvel superhero film Hulk where she played Hulk/Bruce Banner's true love Betty Ross, the 2005 thriller Dark Water, the 2006 drama Blood Diamond, the 2008 science fiction remake The Day the Earth Stood Still, the 2009 romantic comedy He's Just Not That Into You and the 2009 biographical drama Creation. In 2012, she re-teamed with her Requiem for a Dream director Darren Aronofsky and A Beautiful Mind co-star Russell Crowe for the biblical epic Noah.
/m/01xy5l_	A graphic designer is a professional within the graphic design and graphic arts industry who assembles together images, typography, or motion graphics to create a piece of design. A graphic designer creates the graphics primarily for published, printed or electronic media, such as brochures and advertising. They are also sometimes responsible for typesetting, illustration, user interfaces, web design, or take a teaching position. A core responsibility of the designer's job is to present information in a way that is both accessible and memorable.
/m/08s3w_	Rot-Weiss Essen is a German association football club based in Essen, North Rhine-Westphalia. The club currently play in the fourth-tier Regionalliga West, at the Stadion Essen.\nThe team won the German Cup in 1953, and the championship in 1955. The latter success qualified them to the first season of the European Cup.
/m/02v406	Dolph Lundgren is a Swedish actor, director, and martial artist. He belongs to a generation of film actors who epitomise the action hero stereotype, alongside Sylvester Stallone, Chuck Norris, Arnold Schwarzenegger, Bruce Willis, Steven Seagal, and Jean-Claude Van Damme.\nHe received a degree in chemistry from Washington State University in 1976, a degree in chemical engineering from the Royal Institute of Technology in Stockholm in the early 1980s, then a Master's Degree in Chemical Engineering from the University of Sydney in Sydney in 1982. Lundgren holds a rank of 3rd dan black belt in Kyokushin Karate and was European champion in 1980 and 1981. While in Sydney, he became a bodyguard for Jamaican singer Grace Jones and began a relationship with her. They moved together to New York City, where after a short stint as a model and bouncer at the Manhattan nightclub The Limelight, Jones got him a small debut role in the James Bond film A View to a Kill as a KGB henchman.\nLundgren's breakthrough came when he starred in Rocky IV in 1985 as the imposing Russian boxer Ivan Drago. Since then, he has starred in more than 40 movies, almost all of them in the action genre. He portrayed He-Man in the 1987 film Masters of the Universe, and Frank Castle in the 1989 film The Punisher. In the early 1990s, he also appeared in films such as Showdown in Little Tokyo, alongside Brandon Lee; Universal Soldier, opposite Jean-Claude Van Damme; Joshua Tree, opposite Kristian Alfonso and George Segal; Johnny Mnemonic, opposite Keanu Reeves and Ice-T; and Blackjack, directed by John Woo. In 2004, Lundgren directed his first picture, The Defender, and subsequently helmed The Mechanik, Missionary Man, Command Performance, and Icarus, in which he also starred. After a long spell performing in direct-to-video films, 2010 marked his return to theatres with The Expendables, an on-screen reunion with Stallone, alongside an all-action star cast which included, among others, Jason Statham, Jet Li, Stone Cold Steve Austin, and Mickey Rourke. He reprised his role as Gunner Jensen in The Expendables 2 in 2012.
/m/01_7r6	A prescription drug is a licensed medicine that is regulated by legislation to require a medical prescription before it can be obtained. The term is used to distinguish it from over-the-counter drugs that can be obtained without a prescription. Different jurisdictions have different definitions of what constitutes a prescription drug.\n\"Rx\" is often used as a short form for prescription drug in North America. It is an abbreviation for the Latin \"recipe\", an imperative form of \"recipere\", meaning \"take\".\nPrescription drugs are often dispensed together with a monograph that gives detailed information about the drug.
/m/0kvqv	Terrence Frederick Malick is an American film director, screenwriter, and producer. In a career spanning over four decades he has directed six feature films. He made his directorial debut with the drama Badlands in 1973. Malick released his second film, Days of Heaven, in 1978, after which he took a long hiatus from directing films. His third film, the World War II drama The Thin Red Line, was released in 1998.\nMalick has received consistent praise for his work and has been regarded as one of the greatest living filmmakers. He was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Director for The Thin Red Line and The Tree of Life, and the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay for The Thin Red Line, as well as winning the Golden Bear at the 49th Berlin International Film Festival for The Thin Red Line, the Palme d'Or at the 64th Cannes Film Festival for The Tree of Life, and the SIGNIS Award at the 69th Venice International Film Festival for To the Wonder.
/m/07dfk	Tokyo, officially Tokyo Metropolis, is one of the 47 prefectures of Japan. Tokyo is the capital of Japan, the center of the Greater Tokyo Area, and the most populous metropolitan area in the world. It is the seat of the Japanese government and the Imperial Palace, and the home of the Japanese Imperial Family. Tokyo is in the Kantō region on the southeastern side of the main island Honshu and includes the Izu Islands and Ogasawara Islands. Tokyo Metropolis was formed in 1943 from the merger of the former Tokyo Prefecture and the city of Tokyo.\nTokyo is often referred to and thought of as a city, but is officially known as a \"metropolitan prefecture\", which differs from a city. The Tokyo metropolitan government administers the 23 Special Wards of Tokyo, which cover the area that was formerly the City of Tokyo before it merged and became the subsequent metropolitan prefecture in 1943. The metropolitan government also administers 39 municipalities in the western part of the prefecture and the two outlying island chains. The population of the special wards is over 9 million people, with the total population of the prefecture exceeding 13 million. The prefecture is part of the world's most populous metropolitan area with upwards of 35 million people and the world's largest urban agglomeration economy.The city hosts 51 of the Fortune Global 500 companies, the highest number of any city.
/m/0gt_hv	Philosophy of mind is a branch of philosophy that studies the nature of the mind, mental events, mental functions, mental properties, consciousness, and their relationship to the physical body, particularly the brain. The mind–body problem, i.e. the relationship of the mind to the body, is commonly seen as one key issue in philosophy of mind, although there are other issues concerning the nature of the mind that do not involve its relation to the physical body, such as how consciousness is possible and the nature of particular mental states.\nDualism and monism are the two major schools of thought that attempt to resolve the mind–body problem. Dualism can be traced back to Plato, and the Sankhya and Yoga schools of Hindu philosophy, but it was most precisely formulated by René Descartes in the 17th century. Substance dualists argue that the mind is an independently existing substance, whereas property dualists maintain that the mind is a group of independent properties that emerge from and cannot be reduced to the brain, but that it is not a distinct substance.\nMonism is the position that mind and body are not ontologically distinct kinds of entities. This view was first advocated in Western philosophy by Parmenides in the 5th century BC and was later espoused by the 17th century rationalist Baruch Spinoza. Physicalists argue that only the entities postulated by physical theory exist, and that the mind will eventually be explained in terms of these entities as physical theory continues to evolve. Idealists maintain that the mind is all that exists and that the external world is either mental itself, or an illusion created by the mind. Neutral monists such as Ernst Mach and William James argue that events in the world can be thought of as either mental or physical depending on the network of relationships into which they enter, and dual-aspect monists such as Spinoza adhere to the position that there is some other, neutral substance, and that both matter and mind are properties of this unknown substance. The most common monisms in the 20th and 21st centuries have all been variations of physicalism; these positions include behaviorism, the type identity theory, anomalous monism and functionalism.
/m/0qcrj	Menlo Park is an affluent town at the eastern edge of San Mateo County, in the San Francisco Bay Area of California, in the United States. It is bordered by San Francisco Bay on the north and east; East Palo Alto, Palo Alto, and Stanford to the south; Atherton, North Fair Oaks, and Redwood City to the west. Menlo Park is one of the most educated cities in the state of California and the United States, with nearly 70% of its residents having earned an advanced degree. Menlo Park had 32,026 inhabitants according to the 2010 United States Census. In addition, Menlo Park was ranked in the top 15 US cities in CNN's \"Best Places for the Rich and Single\" to live.
/m/0d9jr	Seattle is a coastal seaport city and the seat of King County, in the U.S. state of Washington. With an estimated 634,535 residents as of 2012, Seattle is the largest city in the Pacific Northwest region of North America and one of the fastest-growing cities in the United States. The Seattle metropolitan area of around 3.5 million inhabitants is the 15th largest metropolitan area in the United States. The city is situated on a narrow isthmus between Puget Sound and Lake Washington, about 100 miles south of the Canada–United States border. A major gateway for trade with Asia, Seattle is the 8th largest port in the United States and 9th largest in North America in terms of container handling.\nThe Seattle area had been inhabited by Native Americans for at least 4,000 years before the first permanent European settlers. Arthur A. Denny and his group of travelers, subsequently known as the Denny Party, arrived at Alki Point on November 13, 1851. The settlement was moved to its current site and named \"Seattle\" in 1853, after Chief Si'ahl of the local Duwamish and Suquamish tribes.\nLogging was Seattle's first major industry, but by the late 19th century the city had become a commercial and shipbuilding center as a gateway to Alaska during the Klondike Gold Rush. By 1910, Seattle was one of the 25 largest cities in the country. However, the Great Depression severely damaged the city's economy. Growth returned during and after World War II, due partially to the local Boeing company, which established Seattle as a center for aircraft manufacturing. The city developed as a technology center in the 1980s, with companies like Amazon.com, Microsoft and T-Mobile US based in the area. The stream of new software, biotechnology, and Internet companies led to an economic revival, which increased the city's population by almost 50,000 between 1990 and 2000. Since then, Seattle has become a hub for \"green\" industry and a model for sustainable development.
/m/0638kv	William Cameron Menzies was an Academy Award-winning American film production designer and art director who also worked as a director, producer, and screenwriter during a career spanning five decades. He earned acclaim for his work in silent movies, and later pioneered the use of color in film for dramatic effect.
/m/0p9z5	Brookline is a town in Norfolk County, Massachusetts, United States and is a part of Greater Boston. Brookline borders six of Boston's neighborhoods: Brighton, Allston, Fenway-Kenmore, Mission Hill, Jamaica Plain, and West Roxbury. The city of Newton lies to the west of Brookline. As of the 2010 census, the population of the town was 58,732. Brookline was first settled in 1638 as a hamlet in Boston, but was incorporated as a separate town in 1705.
/m/041n43	XL Recordings is a British independent record label owned by Richard Russell. It originated as a 1989 offshoot of Beggars Banquet Records.\nThough only releasing an average of six albums a year, XL Recordings has worked with The Prodigy, Beck, Radiohead, The White Stripes, Dizzee Rascal, M.I.A., Vampire Weekend, The Horrors, Electric Six, The xx, Gil Scott-Heron, Jai Paul, Tyler, the Creator, Sigur Rós, Peaches and Adele. The label releases albums worldwide and operates across a range of genres.
/m/01gtcc	The Twenty-sixth United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, consisting of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, D.C. from March 4, 1839 to March 4, 1841, during the third and fourth years of Martin Van Buren's presidency. The apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives was based on the Fifth Census of the United States in 1830. Both chambers had a Democratic majority.
/m/04l3_z	Steven \"Steve\" Oedekerk is an American comedian, director, editor, producer, screenwriter and actor. Oedekerk is best known for his collaborations with actor Jim Carrey and director Tom Shadyac, his series of \"Thumbmation\" shorts and his film Kung Pow: Enter the Fist.
/m/037cm	The GNU General Public License is the most widely used free software license, which guarantees end users the freedoms to use, study, share, and modify the software. Software that allows these rights is called free software. The license was originally written by Richard Stallman of the Free Software Foundation for the GNU project.\nThe GPL grants the recipients of a computer program the rights of the Free Software Definition and uses copyleft to ensure the freedoms are preserved whenever the work is distributed, even when the work is changed or added to. The GPL is a copyleft license, which means that derived works can only be distributed under the same license terms. This is in distinction to permissive free software licenses, of which the BSD licenses are the standard examples. GPL was the first copyleft license for general use.\nAs of August 2007, the GPL accounted for nearly 65% of the 43,442 free software projects listed on Freecode, and as of January 2006, about 68% of the projects listed on SourceForge.net. Similarly, a 2001 survey of Red Hat Linux 7.1 found that 50% of the source code was licensed under the GPL and a 1997 survey of MetaLab, then the largest free software archive, showed that the GPL accounted for about half of the software licensed therein. Prominent free software programs licensed under the GPL include the Linux kernel and the GNU Compiler Collection. Some other free software programs are dual-licensed under multiple licenses, often with one of the licenses being the GPL.
/m/0653m	Standard Chinese, also known as Mandarin and Putonghua, is a standardized variety of Chinese. It is the sole official language of both the People's Republic of China and the Republic of China; it is also one of the four official languages of Singapore. The phonology of the standard is based on the Beijing dialect, but its vocabulary is drawn from the large and diverse group of Mandarin dialects spoken across northern, central, and southwestern China. The grammar is standardized to the body of modern literary works that define written vernacular Chinese, the colloquial alternative to Classical Chinese developed around the turn of the 20th century.\nLike other varieties of Chinese, Standard Chinese is a tonal language. It has more initial consonants but fewer vowels, final consonants and tones than southern varieties. Standard Chinese is an analytic language, though with many compound words. Like other varieties of Chinese it is a topic-prominent language, and has subject–verb–object word order. The language is usually written using Chinese characters, in either simplified or traditional form, augmented by Hanyu Pinyin romanization for pedagogical purposes.
/m/0150jk	Nickelback is a Canadian rock band formed in 1995 in Hanna, Alberta. The band is composed of lead guitarist and lead vocalist Chad Kroeger, rhythm guitarist, keyboardist and backing vocalist Ryan Peake, bassist Mike Kroeger, and drummer Daniel Adair. The band went through a few drummer changes between 1995 and 2005, achieving its current form when Adair replaced drummer Ryan Vikedal.\nNickelback is one of the most commercially successful Canadian groups, having sold more than 50 million albums worldwide and ranking as the eleventh best-selling music act, and the second best-selling foreign act in the U.S. of the 2000s, behind The Beatles. Billboard ranks them the top rock group of the decade, and their hit song \"How You Remind Me\" was listed as the top rock song of the decade and the fourth song of the decade. They were listed number seven on the Billboard top artist of the decade, with four albums listed on the Billboard top albums of the decade.\nThe band signed with Roadrunner Records in 1999 and re-released their once-independent album The State. The band achieved commercial success with the release of their 2000 album The State and then they achieved mainstream success with the release of their 2001 album Silver Side Up. Following the release of Silver Side Up the band released their biggest and most known hit today, \"How You Remind Me\" which peaked number 1 on the American and Canadian charts at the same time. Then, the band's 4th album The Long Road spawned 5 singles and continued the band's mainstream success with their hit single \"Someday\" which peaked at number 7 on the Billboard Hot 100 and number 1 at the Canadian Singles Chart. Afterwards, the band put out their biggest album to date, All The Right Reasons which produced 3 top 10 singles and 5 top 20 singles, on the Billboard Hot 100 example of songs like \"Photograph\", \"Far Away\", and \"Rockstar\". The band's Dark Horse album was a success which produced eight singles, one of which peaked on the top 10 on the Billboard Hot 100 and two of which peaked on the top 20 on the Billboard Hot 100. The band recently released their 2011 album, Here and Now which again topped the charts. The band has won numerous awards including 12 Juno Awards among 28 nominations.
/m/0g5rg	Binghamton is a city in and the county seat of Broome County, New York, United States. It lies in the state's Southern Tier region near the Pennsylvania border, in a bowl-shaped valley at the confluence of the Susquehanna and Chenango Rivers. Binghamton is the principal city and cultural center of the Binghamton metropolitan area, home to a quarter million people. The population of the city itself, according to the 2010 census, is 47,376.\nFrom the days of the railroad, Binghamton was a transportation crossroads and a manufacturing center, and has been known at different times for the production of cigars, shoes, and computers. IBM was founded nearby, and the flight simulator was invented in the city, leading to a notable concentration of electronics- and defense-oriented firms. This sustained economic prosperity earned Binghamton the moniker of the Valley of Opportunity. However, following cuts made by defense firms after the end of the Cold War, the region has lost a significant portion of its manufacturing industry.\nToday, while there is a continued concentration of high-tech firms, Binghamton is emerging as a healthcare- and education-focused city, with the presence of Binghamton University acting as much of the driving force behind this revitalization.
/m/03w1v2	Michael Carmen Pitt is an American actor and musician. Pitt is known in film for his role in Bernardo Bertolucci's The Dreamers, and in television for his role as Jimmy Darmody in the HBO series Boardwalk Empire.
/m/0p8bz	Hamilton is a town in South Lanarkshire, in the west-central Lowlands of Scotland. It serves as the main administrative centre of the South Lanarkshire council area. It is the fourth-biggest town and in Scotland. It sits 12 miles south-east of Glasgow, 35 miles south-west of Edinburgh and 75 miles north of Carlisle, Cumbria. It is situated on the south bank of the River Clyde at its confluence with the Avon Water. Hamilton is the historical county town of Lanarkshire.
/m/01gtcq	The Twenty-seventh United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, consisting of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, D.C. from March 4, 1841 to March 4, 1843, during the one-month administration of U.S. President William Henry Harrison and the first two years of the administration of his successor, John Tyler. The apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives was based on the Fifth Census of the United States in 1830. Both chambers had a Whig majority.
/m/03wd5tk	Richard Sylbert was an Academy Award-winning production designer and art director, primarily for feature films.
/m/06yykb	Ghost Rider is a 2007 Australian-American supernatural superhero film written and directed by Mark Steven Johnson, the director of Daredevil. Based on the character of the same name which appeared in Marvel Comics,the character's first appearance being in 1972. The film stars Nicolas Cage as Johnny Blaze with supporting roles done by Eva Mendes, Wes Bentley, Sam Elliott, Donal Logue, Matt Long, and Peter Fonda. The film was met with negative reviews by critics but was a success at the box office.\nIts sequel, Ghost Rider: Spirit of Vengeance, was released five years later on February 17, 2012, Nicolas Cage remaining as the role of Ghost Rider/Johnny Blaze.
/m/02ly_	Essex is a ceremonial and administrative county in England, and a home county north-east of London. It borders the counties of Suffolk and Cambridgeshire to the north, Hertfordshire to the west, Kent across the estuary of the River Thames to the south and London to the southwest. Essex County Council is the principal local authority for much of the county, sharing functions with 12 district and borough councils. The county town is Chelmsford. Essex is a region at the second level for European statistical purposes.\nThe Ceremonial County forming this region comprises three areas of local government: the two-tiered non-metropolitan county of Essex and the unitary authority areas of Thurrock and Southend-on-Sea.\nThe historic county can be considered the oldest as Wessex and Mercia were replaced for administration since before the Norman period and a vestige of the term Northumbria exists in Northumberland – Essex occupies the eastern portion of the pre-England Kingdom of Essex. Large swathes of the county which are closest to London are part of the Metropolitan Green Belt, which prohibits urban development in its green spaces. It is the location of the regionally significant Lakeside Shopping Centre and London Stansted Airport; and the new towns of Basildon and Harlow.
/m/02896	The Dallas Cowboys are a professional American football franchise that plays in the Eastern Division of the National Football Conference of the National Football League. They are headquartered in Valley Ranch in Irving, Texas, a suburb of Dallas. The team plays its home games at AT&T Stadium in Arlington, Texas, within the Dallas–Fort Worth metropolitan area, which finished construction in time for the 2009 season. The Cowboys joined the NFL as a 1960 expansion team. The team's national following might best be represented by its NFL record of consecutive home sell-outs. The Cowboys' streak of 160 sold-out regular and post-season games began in 1990, and included 79 straight sellouts at their former home, Texas Stadium, and 81 straight sell-outs on the road. The franchise shares the record for most Super Bowl appearances with the Pittsburgh Steelers, corresponding to most NFC championships. The Cowboys are the only NFL team to record 20 straight winning seasons, in which they only missed the playoffs twice, an NFL record that remains unchallenged.\nAn article from Forbes Magazine, dated July 15, 2013, lists the Cowboys as the second highest valued sports franchise in the United States, and fifth in the world, with an estimated value of approximately $2.1 billion. They are also the wealthiest team in the NFL, generating almost $269 million in annual revenue.
/m/03jm6c	Stephen Ross \"Steve\" Gerber was an American comic book writer best known as co-creator of the satiric Marvel Comics character Howard the Duck. Other notable works include Man-Thing, Omega the Unknown, Marvel Spotlight: \"Son of Satan\", The Defenders, Marvel Presents: \"Guardians of the Galaxy\", and Daredevil. Gerber was known for including lengthy text pages in the midst of comic book stories, such as in his graphic novel, Stewart the Rat. Gerber was posthumously inducted into the Will Eisner Comic Book Hall of Fame in 2010.
/m/0dy04	The University of Vienna is a public university located in Vienna, Austria. It was founded by Duke Rudolph IV in 1365 and is the oldest university in the German-speaking world. With its long and rich history, the University of Vienna has developed into one of the biggest universities in Europe, and also one of the most renowned, especially in the Humanities. It is associated with 15 Nobel prize winners and has been the academic home of a large number of figures both of historical and academic importance.
/m/014dsx	Travel is the movement of people between relatively distant geographical locations, and can involve travel by foot, bicycle, automobile, train, boat, airplane, or other means, with or without luggage, and can be one way or round trip. Travel can also include relatively short stays between successive movements.
/m/0ftjx	Sofia is the capital and largest city of Bulgaria. Sofia is located at the foot of Mount Vitosha in the western part of the country. It occupies a strategic position at the centre of the Balkan Peninsula. Sofia's history spans 2,400 years. Its ancient name Serdica derives from the local Celtic tribe of the Serdi who established the town in the 5th century BC. It remained a relatively small settlement until 1879, when it was declared the capital of Bulgaria.\nSofia is the 15th largest city in the European Union with a population of around 1.3 million people.\nSofia has been ranked by the Globalization and World Cities Research Network as a Beta− city. Many of the major universities, cultural institutions, and businesses of Bulgaria are concentrated in Sofia.
/m/0m4yg	Guildhall School of Music and Drama is an independent music and dramatic arts school which was founded in 1880 in London, England. Students can pursue courses in Music, Opera, Drama and Technical Theatre Arts.
/m/02qysm0	The Genie Award for Best Achievement in Sound Editing is awarded by the Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television to the best Canadian sound editor.
/m/0l6m5	The 1992 Summer Olympic Games, officially known as the Games of the XXV Olympiad, were an international multi-sport event celebrated in Barcelona, Spain, in 1992. The International Olympic Committee voted in 1986 to separate the Summer and Winter Games, which had been held in the same year since 1924, and place them in alternating even-numbered years, beginning in 1994. The 1992 Summer Games were the last to be staged in the same year as the Winter Games. Due to the end of the Cold War, these games were the first without boycotts since 1972. In fact the Olympics was the final success of the former Soviet Union, and biggest of the \"Olympic flag\".
/m/020d5	The Confederate States of America, commonly referred to as the Confederate States or the Confederacy, was a government set up in 1861 by seven slave states of the Lower South that had declared their secession from the United States following the November 1860 election of Abraham Lincoln. Those seven states created a \"confederacy\" in February 1861 before Lincoln took office in March. After war began in April, four states of the Upper South also declared their secession and were admitted to the Confederacy. The Confederacy later accepted two additional states as members although neither officially declared secession nor were ever controlled by Confederate forces.\nThe United States government rejected secession and considered the Confederacy illegal. The American Civil War began with the 1861 Confederate attack upon Fort Sumter, a fort in the harbor of Charleston, South Carolina which was claimed by both sides. By 1865, after very heavy fighting, largely on Confederate soil, CSA forces were defeated and the Confederacy collapsed. No foreign nation officially recognized the Confederacy as an independent country, but several had granted belligerent status.
/m/04k15	Ludwig van Beethoven was a German composer and pianist. A crucial figure in the transition between the Classical and Romantic eras in Western art music, he remains one of the most famous and influential of all composers. His best-known compositions include 9 symphonies, 5 concertos for piano, 32 piano sonatas, and 16 string quartets. He also composed other chamber music, choral works, and songs.\nBorn in Bonn, then the capital of the Electorate of Cologne and part of the Holy Roman Empire, Beethoven displayed his musical talents at an early age and was taught by his father Johann van Beethoven and Christian Gottlob Neefe. During his first 22 years in Bonn, Beethoven intended to study with Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart and befriended Joseph Haydn. Beethoven moved to Vienna in 1792 and began studying with Haydn, quickly gaining a reputation as a virtuoso pianist. He lived in Vienna until his death. In about 1800 his hearing began to deteriorate, and by the last decade of his life he was almost totally deaf. He gave up conducting and performing in public but continued to compose; many of his most admired works come from this period.
/m/02zft0	Alan Bergman is an American lyricist and songwriter.
/m/08k1lz	Richard Riehle is an American actor.
/m/0140xf	Christmas music comprises a variety of genres of music normally performed or heard around the Christmas season, which tends to begin in the months leading up to the actual holiday and end in the weeks shortly thereafter.
/m/0g02vk	Parkinson's disease is a degenerative disorder of the central nervous system. The motor symptoms of Parkinson's disease result from the death of dopamine-generating cells in the substantia nigra, a region of the midbrain; the cause of this cell death is unknown. Early in the course of the disease, the most obvious symptoms are movement-related; these include shaking, rigidity, slowness of movement and difficulty with walking and gait. Later, thinking and behavioral problems may arise, with dementia commonly occurring in the advanced stages of the disease, whereas depression is the most common psychiatric symptom. Other symptoms include sensory, sleep and emotional problems. Parkinson's disease is more common in older people, with most cases occurring after the age of 50.\nThe main motor symptoms are collectively called parkinsonism, or a \"parkinsonian syndrome\". Parkinson's disease is often defined as a parkinsonian syndrome that is idiopathic, although some atypical cases have a genetic origin. Many risk and protective factors have been investigated: the clearest evidence is for an increased risk of PD in people exposed to certain pesticides and a reduced risk in tobacco smokers. The pathology of the disease is characterized by the accumulation of a protein called alpha-synuclein into inclusions called Lewy bodies in neurons, and from insufficient formation and activity of dopamine produced in certain neurons within parts of the midbrain. Lewy bodies are the pathological hallmark of the idiopathic disorder, and the distribution of the Lewy bodies throughout the Parkinsonian brain varies from one individual to another. The anatomical distribution of the Lewy bodies is often directly related to the expression and degree of the clinical symptoms of each individual. Diagnosis of typical cases is mainly based on symptoms, with tests such as neuroimaging being used for confirmation.
/m/09b5t	The chicken is a domesticated fowl, a subspecies of the Red Junglefowl. As one of the most common and widespread domestic animals with a population of more than 24 billion in 2003, there are more chickens in the world than any other species of bird. Humans keep chickens primarily as a source of food, consuming both their meat and their eggs.\nThe traditional poultry farming view of the domestication of the chicken is stated in Encyclopædia Britannica: \"Humans first domesticated chickens of Indian origin for the purpose of cockfighting in Asia, Africa, and Europe. Very little formal attention was given to egg or meat production... \" Recent genetic studies have pointed to multiple maternal origins in Southeast, East, and South Asia, but with the clade found in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East and Africa originating in the Indian subcontinent. From India, the domesticated chicken was imported to Lydia in western Asia Minor, and to Greece by the fifth century BC. Fowl had been known in Egypt since the mid-15th century BC, with the \"bird that gives birth every day\" having come to Egypt from the land between Syria and Shinar, Babylonia, according to the annals of Thutmose III.
/m/01vg0s	The University of the Witwatersrand, Johannesburg, is a multi-campus South African public research university situated in the northern areas of central Johannesburg. It is more commonly known as Wits University. The university has its roots in the mining industry, as do Johannesburg and the Witwatersrand in general. Founded in 1896 as the South African School of Mines in Kimberley, it is the third oldest South African university in continuous operation, after the University of Cape Town, and Stellenbosch University.\nIn 1959, the Extension of University Education Act forced restricted registrations of black students for most of the apartheid era; despite this, several notable black leaders graduated from the university. It became desegregated once again prior to the abolition of apartheid in 1990. Several of apartheid's most provocative critics, of either European or African descent, were one-time students and graduates of the university.\nThe university has an enrolment of 27,934 students as of 2010, of which approximately 4,566 live on campus in the university's 18 residences. As of 2010, 67.7% of the university's total enrolment is for undergraduate study, with the remaining 32.3% being postgraduate.
/m/0xnt5	Lahore is the capital of the Pakistani province of Punjab and the second largest and metropolitan city in the country. A native of Lahore is called Lahori. It is the largest native Punjabi-populated city in the world and an important historical centre of South Asia. With a rich history dating back over a millennium, Lahore is a main cultural centre of Punjab and Pakistan. One of the most densely populated cities in the world, Lahore remains an economic, political, transportation, entertainment, and educational hub. It is referred to as the \"Mughal City of Gardens\" due to the historic presence of gardens in and around the city dating back to the Mughal period.\nLahore successively served as a regional capital of the empires of the Shahi kingdoms in the 11th century, the Ghaznavids in the 12th century, the Ghurid State in the 12th and 13th centuries and the Mughal Empire in the 16th century. From 1802 to 1849, Lahore served as the capital city of the Sikh Empire. In the mid-19th and early 20th century, Lahore was the capital of the Punjab region under the British Raj. The traditional capital of Punjab for a millennium, Lahore was the cultural centre of the northern Indian subcontinent which extends from the eastern banks of the Indus River to New Delhi. Mughal structures such as the Badshahi Mosque, the Lahore Fort, Shalimar Gardens, the mausolea of Jehangir and Nur Jehan, Chauburji Gate, and the walled city are some of the major tourist attractions in the city. Lahore is also home to many British colonial structures built in the Indo-Saracenic style, such as the Lahore High Court, the General Post Office, Lahore Museum, Lahore Railway Station, and many older universities and colleges including the University of the Punjab, Govt College and King Edward Medical college. The Lahore Zoo, thought to be the fourth oldest in the world, is also situated here.
/m/014dfn	Speculative fiction is an umbrella term encompassing the more fantastical fiction genres, specifically science fiction, fantasy, horror fiction, weird fiction, supernatural fiction, superhero fiction, utopian and dystopian fiction, apocalyptic and post-apocalyptic fiction, and alternate history in literature as well as related static, motion, and virtual arts.
/m/03dn9v	Peter Claver Cullen is a Canadian voice actor. He is best known as the original voice of Optimus Prime in the original 1980s Transformers animated series and Eeyore in the Winnie-the-Pooh franchise. Starting in 2007, Peter Cullen has reprised his role as Optimus Prime in all Transformers related media, starting with the first live-action film.
/m/0z18v	Mansfield is a city in the U.S. state of Ohio and the county seat of Richland County. Because of its geographic location, the municipality is referred to as being part of the north-east and north-central Ohio regions in the western foothills of the Allegheny Plateau, approximately 61 miles northeast of Columbus and 67 miles southwest of Cleveland. Mansfield lies midway between Columbus and Cleveland via Interstate 71.\nIt was founded in 1808 on a fork of the Mohican River in a hilly region surrounded by fertile farmlands, and became a manufacturing center owing to its location with numerous railroad lines. After the decline of heavy manufacturing, the city's industry has since diversified into a service economy, including retailing, education, and healthcare sectors. The 2010 Census showed that the city had a total population of 47,821, making it Ohio's nineteenth largest city.\nAccording to the 2010 Census, the Mansfield, OH Metropolitan Statistical Area has a population of 124,475 residents, while the Mansfield-Ashland-Bucyrus, OH Combined Statistical Area has 221,398 residents.\nMansfield's official nickname is \"The Fun Center of Ohio\". It is the largest city in the \"Mid-Ohio\" region of the state, the north-central region which is generally considered to extend from Marion, Delaware, Knox, Morrow, Crawford, Ashland and Richland counties in the south, to the Firelands area south of Sandusky in the north. Mansfield is also known as the \"Carousel Capital of Ohio,\" \"Danger City,\" and \"Racing Capital of Ohio\".
/m/01nxfc	Mangaka is the Japanese word for a comic artist or cartoonist. Outside of Japan, manga usually refers to a Japanese comic book and mangaka refers to the author of the manga, who is usually Japanese. As of 2006, about 3000 professional mangaka were working in Japan.\nMost mangaka study at an art college, manga school, or take on an apprenticeship with another artist before entering the industry as a primary creator. More rarely a mangaka breaks into the industry directly, without previously being an assistant. For example, Naoko Takeuchi, author of Sailor Moon, won a contest sponsored by Kodansha, and manga pioneer Osamu Tezuka was first published while studying an unrelated degree, without ever working as an assistant.\nA mangaka will rise to prominence through recognition of their ability when they spark the interest of institutions, individuals or a demographic of manga consumers. For example, there are contests which prospective mangaka may enter, sponsored by manga editors and publishers. They are also recognized for the number of manga they run at one time.
/m/026fmqm	The 2000 Major League Baseball season ended with the New York Yankees defeating the New York Mets in Game 5 of the World Series, known as the Subway Series because fans could take the Subway to and from every game of the Series. An all-time record 5,693 home runs were hit during the regular season in 2000. Ten teams hit at least 200 home runs each.
/m/0jhd	Azerbaijan, officially the Republic of Azerbaijan, is the largest country in the Caucasus region located at the crossroads of Western Asia and Eastern Europe. It is bounded by the Caspian Sea to the east, Russia to the north, Georgia to the northwest, Armenia to the west and Iran to the south. The exclave of Nakhchivan is bounded by Armenia to the north and east, Iran to the south and west, while having a short borderline with Turkey to the northwest.\nAzerbaijan has an ancient and historic cultural heritage, including the distinction of being the first Muslim-majority country to have operas, theater and plays. The Azerbaijan Democratic Republic was established in 1918, but was incorporated into the Soviet Union in 1920 as the Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic. Azerbaijan regained independence in 1991. Shortly thereafter, during the Nagorno-Karabakh War, neighboring Armenia occupied Nagorno-Karabakh, its surrounding territories and the enclaves of Karki, Yukhary Askipara, Barkhudarly and Sofulu. The Nagorno-Karabakh Republic emerged in Nagorno-Karabakh after the ceasefire of 1994 and is not diplomatically recognized by any other state. As such, the region, effectively independent since the end of the war, is considered de jure a part of Azerbaijan.
/m/02vzpb	13 Going on 30 is a 2004 American romantic comedy fantasy film starring Jennifer Garner and Mark Ruffalo. It was produced by Revolution Studios for Columbia Pictures.
/m/02vm9nd	The Daytime Emmy for Outstanding Game/Audience Participation Show is one of the overall awards presented every year at the Daytime Emmy Awards ceremony. Game shows, audience participation shows, panel shows, and quiz shows are eligible for the award.\nJeopardy! has won more awards in this category than any other game show, with 13 overall.\nIn the lists below, the winner of the award for each year is shown first, followed by the other nominees.
/m/01kxnd	Brandon is the second largest city in Manitoba, Canada, and is located in the southwestern area of the province. The city is located along the Assiniboine River. Spruce Woods Provincial Park and CFB Shilo are a relatively short distance to the southeast of the city. Minnedosa Lake is only half an hour to the north.\nThe city started as a major junction on the Canadian Pacific Railway, and the Assiniboine River and was then incorporated in 1882. Brandon is named after the Brandon Hills in the area which in turn are named after a hill in James Bay. Brandon, the second largest city and service centre in Manitoba after Winnipeg, with a city population of 46,061 and 56,219 people in the metro area, is a major hub for the surrounding agricultural area. The population of its trading area is between 70,000 and 150,000 people. In 2012, the city was ranked as the 6th best place to live in Canada by MoneySense magazine.\nBrandon's industry reflects its agricultural history; its major industries are related to agriculture and include fertilizer and hog processing plants, as well as retail and government services for the surrounding area of Westman. Brandon is also home to Brandon University and Assiniboine Community College as well as the Brandon Wheat Kings. Brandon's Army Reserve unit is the 26th Field Artillery Regiment, Royal Canadian Artillery, and the Canadian warship HMCS Brandon was named after the city.
/m/0c38gj	Blood Diamond is a 2006 American-German political war thriller film co-produced and directed by Edward Zwick, starring Leonardo DiCaprio, Jennifer Connelly and Djimon Hounsou. The title refers to blood diamonds, which are diamonds mined in African war zones and sold to finance conflicts, and thereby profit warlords and diamond companies across the world.\nSet during the Sierra Leone Civil War in 1996–2001, the film depicts a country torn apart by the struggle between government loyalists and insurgent forces. It also portrays many of the atrocities of that war, including the rebels' amputation of people's hands to discourage them from voting in upcoming elections.\nThe film's ending, in which a conference is held concerning blood diamonds, refers to an actual meeting that took place in Kimberley, South Africa in 2000 and led to the Kimberley Process Certification Scheme, which seeks to certify the origin of rough diamonds in order to curb the trade in conflict diamonds. The film received mixed but generally favorable reviews, with praise directed mainly to DiCaprio and Hounsou, who in turn were nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor and Best Supporting Actor, respectively.
/m/0289q	The Denver Broncos are a professional American football team based in Denver, Colorado. They are members of the West Division of the American Football Conference in the National Football League. The Broncos began play in 1960 as a charter member of the American Football League and joined the NFL as part of the AFL–NFL merger of 1970. The Broncos are owned by Pat Bowlen, and are coached by John Fox. The Broncos have played at Sports Authority Field at Mile High since 2001, after previously playing at Mile High Stadium from 1960–2000.\nThe Broncos were barely competitive during their 10-year run in the AFL and their first seven years in the NFL, never making the playoffs. They did not have a winning season until 1973. Four years later, in 1977, they made the playoffs for the first time in franchise history and advanced to Super Bowl XII. Since then, the Broncos have become one of the NFL's more successful teams, having suffered only six losing seasons in 35 years. They have won seven AFC Championships and two Super Bowls, and have four players in the Pro Football Hall of Fame: John Elway, Floyd Little, Gary Zimmerman, and Shannon Sharpe.
/m/0l6mp	The 1988 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XXIV Olympiad, were an international multi-sport event celebrated from 17 September to 2 October 1988 in Seoul, South Korea. They were the second summer Olympic Games to be held in Asia and the first since the 1964 Summer Olympics held in Tokyo, Japan. They were also the fourth Olympic Games to be held in autumn.\nIn the Seoul Games, 159 nations were represented by a total of 8391 athletes: 6197 men and 2194 women. 263 events were held and 27,221 volunteers helped to prepare the Olympics. 11,331 media showed the Games all over the world.\nThese were the last Olympic Games for two of the world's \"dominating\" sport powers, the Soviet Union and East Germany, as both ceased to exist before the next Olympic Games.\nNorth Korea, still officially at war with South Korea, and its allies, Albania, Cuba, Madagascar, and Seychelles boycotted the games. For differing reasons, Ethiopia, Nicaragua, and Albania did not participate in the Games. However, the much larger boycotts seen in the previous three Summer Olympics were avoided, resulting in the largest ever number of participating nations at the time.
/m/09fn1w	Jodhaa-Akbar is an Indian epic romantic historical drama film released on 15 February 2008. It is directed and produced by Ashutosh Gowariker, the director of the Academy Award-nominated Lagaan. It stars Hrithik Roshan and Aishwarya Rai in lead roles. This film also marks the debut of newcomer Abir Abrar. Extensive research went into the making of this film which began shooting at Karjat. This movie was also dubbed in Tamil & Telugu languages.\nThe film centres around the romance between the Muslim Mughal Emperor Akbar the Great, played by Hrithik Roshan, and the Hindu Princess Jodhabai who becomes his wife, played by Aishwarya Rai. The music is composed by acclaimed composer A. R. Rahman. The soundtrack of the movie was released on 19 January 2008. The film has won the Audience Award for Best Foreign Language Film at the São Paulo International Film Festival, two awards at the Golden Minbar International Film Festival, seven Star Screen Awards and five Filmfare Awards, in addition to two nominations at the 3rd Asian Film Awards.
/m/0jc7g	Box Elder County is a county located in the U.S. state of Utah. As of the 2010 Census, the population was 49,975. Its county seat and largest city is Brigham City. It was named for the box elder trees with which the county abounds.\nBox Elder County lies on the north end of the Great Salt Lake, covering a large area north to the Idaho border and west to the Nevada border. Included in this area are large tracts of barren desert, contrasted by high, forested mountains. The Wasatch Front lies along the south-eastern border, where the main cities are found.\nBox Elder County is part of the Brigham City Micropolitan Statistical Area as well as the Salt Lake City–Ogden–Clearfield Combined Statistical Area.
/m/06zpgb2	Galatasaray Spor Kulübü, commonly known as Galatasaray, is a Turkish professional football club based in Istanbul, Turkey. It is the association football branch of the larger Galatasaray Sports Club, itself a part of the Galatasaray Community which includes the Galatasaray University and Galatasaray High School.\nGalatasaray has won 46 domestic trophies, including a record 19 Süper Lig titles, a record 14 Turkish Cups and a record 13 Turkish Super Cups. It is one of three teams to have participated in all seasons of the Turkish Süper Lig since 1959, following the dissolution of the Istanbul Football League, and are the only club to have won the Süper Lig in four successive seasons.\nInternationally, Galatasaray has won the UEFA Cup and UEFA Super Cup in 2000, becoming the first Turkish team to win a European trophy, and one of the few teams in the history of UEFA competitions to become the undefeated winners of a major tournament, losing none of their games in the 1999–2000 UEFA Cup season. In the 1999-2000 season, the club achieved the rare feat of completing a quadruple by winning the Turkish Süper Lig, the Turkish Cup, the UEFA Cup and the UEFA Super Cup in a single season. Galatasaray is also the only Turkish club to have been ranked 1st on the IFFHS World Rankings.
/m/04g7x	Linguistics is the scientific study of language. There are broadly three aspects to the study, which include language form, language meaning, and language in context. The earliest known activities in the description of language have been attributed to Pāṇini around 500 BCE, with his analysis of Sanskrit in Ashtadhyayi.\nLanguage can be understood as an interplay of sound and meaning. The discipline that studies linguistic sound is termed as phonetics, which is concerned with the actual properties of speech sounds and non-speech sounds, and how they are produced and perceived. The study of language meaning, on the other hand, is concerned with how languages employ logic and real-world references to convey, process, and assign meaning, as well as to manage and resolve ambiguity. This in turn includes the study of semantics and pragmatics.\nThere is a system of rules which govern the communication between members of a particular speech community. Grammar is influenced by both sound and meaning, and includes morphology, syntax, and phonology. Through corpus linguistics, large chunks of text can be analysed for possible occurrences of certain linguistic features, and for stylistic patterns within a written or spoken discourse.
/m/03yf3z	Patricia Lynn \"Trisha\" Yearwood, is an American singer, author and actress. She is best known for her ballads about vulnerable young women from a female perspective that have been described by some music critics as \"strong\" and \"confident.\" Yearwood is a member of the Grand Ole Opry and was inducted into the Georgia Music Hall of Fame in 2000.\nYearwood rose to fame in 1991, with her debut single, \"She's in Love with the Boy\", which became her first No. 1 single and was featured on her self-titled debut album. Yearwood has continued to find much success and widespread critical acclaim releasing a further ten studio albums, which spawned eight more No. 1 singles and twenty top ten hits combined, such as \"Walkaway Joe\", \"The Song Remembers When\", \"Thinkin' About You\", \"I'll Still Love You More\" and \"I Would've Loved You Anyway\". In 1997, Yearwood recorded the song \"How Do I Live\" for the soundtrack of the movie Con Air. It became her signature song, achieving high positions and sales worldwide, and won Yearwood a Grammy Award. She has also recorded successful duets with her husband, Country superstar Garth Brooks, including \"In Another's Eyes\", which won the couple a Grammy Award.
/m/024lff	2 Fast 2 Furious is a 2003 American action film directed by John Singleton. It is the second installment of The Fast and the Furious series. Brian O'Conner teams up with his ex-con friend Roman Pearce and works with undercover U.S. Customs Service agent Monica Fuentes to bring Miami-based drug lord Carter Verone down.
/m/062cg6	Patrick Loubert was one of the founders of the Canadian animation studio, Nelvana Limited, along with Clive A. Smith and Michael Hirsh. He has produced, and executive-produced, much of the company's most memorable fare.\nAt the beginning of his career, Loubert published The Great Canadian Comic Books, a 1971 book focusing on the early days of local comic lore, with partner Hirsh. Under the alias of Speed Savage, the name of an obscure comic book hero, he wrote the 1972 live-action cult film, Voulez-vous coucher avec God?. With Don Haig, he scripted and directed 125 Rooms of Comfort, another live-action project, in 1974. He also produced the first season of Inspector Gadget for DIC Entertainment with show's creator Jean Chalopin, Gargoyles: The Goliath Chronicles for Disney and Buena Vista, the adventure game Toonstruck and the American thriller film Malice and worked as a storyboard artist and story writer for Nelvana's first feature length film Rock and Rule and executive story editor for the third Care Bears feature film The Care Bears Adventure in Wonderland. He also created the live-action TV series for Nelvana The Edison Twins and T. and T. with Michael Hirsh and wrote scripts for the company's first two animated specials A Cosmic Christmas and The Devil and Daniel Mouse as well as Babar: The Movie.
/m/019vhk	Gangs of New York is a 2002 American historical drama film set in the mid-19th century in the Five Points district of Lower Manhattan. The film was directed by Martin Scorsese and written by Jay Cocks, Steven Zaillian, and Kenneth Lonergan, inspired by Herbert Asbury's 1928 non-fiction book, The Gangs of New York. It was made in Cinecittà, Rome, distributed by Miramax Films and nominated for numerous awards, including the Academy Award for Best Picture.\nThe film begins in 1846 but quickly jumps to 1862. The two principal issues of the era in New York were Irish immigration to the city and the Federal government's execution of the ongoing Civil War. The story follows Bill \"the Butcher\" Cutting in his roles as crime boss and political kingmaker under the helm of \"Boss\" Tweed. The film culminates in a violent confrontation between Cutting and his mob with protagonist Amsterdam Vallon and his allies, which coincides with the New York Draft Riots of 1863.
/m/06gb2q	Lawrence J. \"Larry\" Miller is an American actor, voice artist, comedian, podcaster, and columnist.
/m/04qt29	Kristen Anne Bell is an American actress and singer. In 2001, she made her Broadway debut as Becky Thatcher in The Adventures of Tom Sawyer. After moving to Los Angeles, Bell landed various television guest appearances and small film parts before appearing in a lead role in the David Mamet film Spartan. She later gained fame and critical praise as the title character on the television series Veronica Mars from September 2004 to May 2007 and will reprise the role in the 2014 film based on the series.\nDuring her time on Veronica Mars, Bell appeared as Mary Lane in the film Reefer Madness: The Movie Musical, a reprise of the role she had played in the New York theatrical production of the eponymous musical upon which the film was based. She also portrayed the lead role in Pulse, a remake of a J-Horror film. In 2007, she joined the cast of Heroes, playing the character Elle Bishop, and Gossip Girl as the off-screen titular narrator. In 2008, she played Sarah Marshall in the comedy film Forgetting Sarah Marshall. She has since appeared in a number of comedy films, such as Fanboys, Couples Retreat, and When in Rome. Bell is the voice and face of Lucy Stillman in the Assassin's Creed video game series. She has received a Satellite Award and Saturn Award, and has been nominated several times for Television Critics Association Awards and Teen Choice Awards. She also lent her voice to the Disney movie Frozen as Princess Anna. Since 2012, Bell has starred as Jeannie van der Hooven in the Showtime series House of Lies.
/m/01_8w2	CBS News is the news division of American television and radio network CBS. The current chairman is Jeff Fager, who is also the executive producer of 60 Minutes; while the current president of CBS News is David Rhodes. CBS News' flagship program is the CBS Evening News, hosted by the network's main anchor, Scott Pelley. Other programs include the morning news show CBS This Morning, news magazine programs CBS News Sunday Morning, 60 Minutes and 48 Hours, and Sunday morning political affairs program Face the Nation.
/m/02gnh0	California State Polytechnic University, Pomona is a public polytechnic university located in Pomona, California, United States. It is one of two polytechnics in the 23-member California State University system and one of only seven in all of the United States. The university is the second largest campus in the CSU, and with an enrollment of 22,156 students, it is the second largest polytechnic university in the United States.\nThe university is designated a National Center of Academic Excellence in Information Assurance Education by the Department of Homeland Security. Cal Poly is one of three CSUs, and one of only five California institutions with this distinction. The university has the oldest and largest Hospitality Management College in all of California, and one of the largest in the US with over 1,000 students. Additionally, Cal Poly has the largest Civil Engineering student population in the nation. It is the only university in Southern California to grant Bachelor's and Master's degrees in agriculture.\nCal Poly currently offers 94 different Bachelor's degrees, 39 Master's degrees, 13 teaching credentials and a doctorate across 9 distinct academic colleges. The university is one among a small group of polytechnic universities in the United States which tend to be primarily devoted to the instruction of technical arts and applied sciences.
/m/03dkx	The Geelong Football Club, nicknamed The Cats, is a professional Australian rules football club, named after and based in the city of Geelong, playing in the Australian Football League. The club has been the VFL/AFL premiers nine times, with three in the AFL era. Geelong has also won nine McClelland Trophies, a record it shares with Essendon.\nFormed in 1859, Geelong is the second oldest club in the AFL after Melbourne and one of the oldest football clubs in the world. The club participated in the first football competition in Australia, winning the second season in 1863, and was a foundation club of the Victorian Football Association in 1877 and the Victorian Football League in 1897.\nAn early VFL powerhouse with six premierships up to 1963, Geelong developed a reputation as an under-achieving club. Despite playing in five losing Grand Finals, four between 1989–1995, its fans waited 44 years until it won another premiership—an AFL-record 119-point victory in the 2007 AFL Grand Final. Despite recording the most successful home and away season in the game's history, the club went one win short of back-to-back premierships in losing the 2008 AFL Grand Final, but won the 2009 Grand Final against St Kilda. This was followed up with another Grand Final victory, in 2011 against Collingwood. With three premierships since 2000, they are the equal-most successful side of the 21st century along with the Brisbane Lions.
/m/03d0d7	FC Twente is a Dutch professional football club from the city of Enschede, playing in the Eredivisie. The club was formed in 1965 by the merger of 1926 Eredivisie Champions, Sportclub Enschede and Enschedese Boys. They were the holders of the 2011 KNVB Cup and Johan Cruijff Schaal trophies, and were Eredivisie champions in the 2009–10 season; the team has also finished as Eredivisie runner-up thrice, was runner-up in the UEFA Cup 1974–75, and has won the KNVB Cup three times. Twente's home ground since 1998 is De Grolsch Veste.
/m/0277g	Dentistry is the branch of medicine that is involved in the study, diagnosis, prevention, and treatment of diseases, disorders and conditions of the oral cavity, the maxillofacial area and the adjacent and associated structures, and their impact on the human body. To the layman, dentistry tends to be perceived as being focused primarily on human teeth, though it is not limited strictly to this. Dentistry is widely considered necessary for complete overall health. Doctors who practice dentistry are known as dentists. The dentist's supporting team – which includes dental assistants, dental hygienists, dental technicians, and dental therapists – aids in providing oral health services.
/m/025t9b	Jason Isaacs is an English actor. He is known for his performance as the Death Eater Lucius Malfoy in the Harry Potter films, the brutal Colonel William Tavington in The Patriot and as lifelong criminal Michael Caffee in the American television series Brotherhood. Though most of his work has been in film and television, it also includes stage performances; most notably as Louis Ironson in Declan Donnellan's 1992 and 1993 Royal National Theatre London premières of Parts One and Two of Tony Kushner's Pulitzer Prize-winning play Angels in America: A Gay Fantasia on National Themes, and as Ben, one of two hitmen, playing opposite Lee Evans as Gus, in Harry Burton's 2007 critically acclaimed 50th-anniversary revival of Nobel Laureate Harold Pinter's 1957 two-hander The Dumb Waiter at Trafalgar Studios. He starred in the National Broadcasting Company drama Awake as Detective Michael Britten from March to May 2012.
/m/0gfhg1y	The Libyan Civil War, also referred to as the Libyan Revolution was a 2011 armed conflict in the North African country of Libya, fought between forces loyal to Colonel Muammar Gaddafi and those seeking to oust his government. The war was preceded by protests in Zawiya, 8 August 2009 and finally ignited by protests in Benghazi beginning on Tuesday, 15 February 2011, which led to clashes with security forces that fired on the crowd. The protests escalated into a rebellion that spread across the country, with the forces opposing Gaddafi establishing an interim governing body, the National Transitional Council.\nThe United Nations Security Council passed an initial resolution on 26 February, freezing the assets of Gaddafi and his inner circle and restricting their travel, and referred the matter to the International Criminal Court for investigation. In early March, Gaddafi's forces rallied, pushed eastwards and re-took several coastal cities before reaching Benghazi. A further U.N. resolution authorised member states to establish and enforce a no-fly zone over Libya, and to use \"all necessary measures\" to prevent attacks on civilians. The Gaddafi government then announced a ceasefire, but failed to uphold it, though it then accused rebels of violating the ceasefire when they continued to fight as well. Throughout the conflict, rebels rejected government offers of a ceasefire and efforts by the African Union to end the fighting because the plans set forth did not include the removal of Gaddafi.
/m/01sv6k	Mangalore, Karnataka, India Koḍiyāl in Konkani, or Maikāla in Beary bashe is the chief port city of the Indian state of Karnataka. It is located about 350 kilometres west of the state capital, Bangalore. Mangalore lies between the Arabian Sea and the Western Ghat mountain ranges, and is the administrative headquarters of the Dakshina Kannada district in south western Karnataka. With its pristine beaches, broad roads and calm localities this coastal city was declared the eighth cleanest city in India.\nIt developed as a port on the Arabian Sea—remaining, to this day, a major port of India. Lying on the backwaters of the Netravati and Gurupura rivers, Mangalore is often used as a staging point for sea traffic along the Malabar Coast. The city has a tropical climate and lies in the path of the Arabian Sea branch of the South-West monsoons. Mangalore's port handles 75 per cent of India's coffee exports and the bulk of the nation's cashew exports.\nMangalore was ruled by several major powers, including the Kadambas, Vijayanagar dynasty, Chalukyas, Rashtrakutas, Hoysalas, and the Portuguese. The city was a source of contention between the British and the Mysore rulers, Hyder Ali and Tipu Sultan. Tipu Sultan built a famous outpost called Sulthan Batteri rumoured to have tunnel access till Mysore. Eventually annexed by the British in 1799, Mangalore remained part of the Madras Presidency until India's independence in 1947. The city was unified with the state of Mysore in 1956.
/m/0cv9fc	Walter Hill is an American film director, screenwriter and producer. Hill is known for male-dominated action films and revival of the Western. He said in an interview, \"Every film I've done has been a Western,\" and elaborated in another, \"The Western is ultimately a stripped down moral universe that is, whatever the dramatic problems are, beyond the normal avenues of social control and social alleviation of the problem, and I like to do that even within contemporary stories.\"
/m/070vn	Superman is a fictional character, a superhero that appears in comic books published by DC Comics, and is considered an American cultural icon. Superman was created by writer Jerry Siegel and artist Joe Shuster, high school students living in Cleveland, Ohio, in 1933; the character was sold to Detective Comics, Inc. in 1938. Superman first appeared in Action Comics #1 and subsequently appeared in various radio serials, television programs, films, newspaper strips, and video games. With the success of his adventures, Superman helped to create the superhero genre and establish its primacy within the American comic book.\nSuperman's appearance is distinctive and iconic. He usually wears a blue costume, red cape, and stylized red-and-yellow \"S\" shield on his chest. This shield is used in a myriad of media to symbolize the character.\nThe origin story of Superman relates that he was born Kal-El on the planet Krypton, before being rocketed to Earth as an infant by his scientist father Jor-El, moments before Krypton's destruction. Discovered and adopted by a Kansas farmer and his wife, the child is raised as Clark Kent and imbued with a strong moral compass. Very early on he started to display superhuman abilities, which upon reaching maturity, he resolved to use for the benefit of humanity. Superman resides and operates in the fictional American city of Metropolis. As Clark Kent, he is a journalist for the Daily Planet, a Metropolis newspaper. Superman's primary love interest is Lois Lane and his archenemy is supervillain Lex Luthor. Superman has fascinated scholars, with cultural theorists, commentators, and critics alike exploring the character's impact and role in the United States and worldwide. The character's ownership has often been the subject of dispute, with Siegel and Shuster twice suing for the return of legal ownership. Superman has been labeled as the greatest comic book hero of all time by IGN.
/m/03ww_x	The Ninety-sixth United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, composed of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, D.C. from January 3, 1979 to January 3, 1981, during the last two years of the administration of U.S. President Jimmy Carter.\nThe apportionment of seats in this House of Representatives was based on the 1970 Census. Both chambers had a Democratic majority.
/m/03_r3	Jamaica is an island country situated in the Caribbean Sea, comprising the third-largest island of the Greater Antilles. The island, 10,990 square kilometres in area, lies about 145 kilometres south of Cuba, and 191 kilometres west of Hispaniola, the island containing the nation-states of Haiti and the Dominican Republic. Jamaica is the fifth-largest island country in the Caribbean. The indigenous people, the Taíno, called it Xaymaca in Arawakan, meaning the \"Land of Wood and Water\" or the \"Land of Springs\".\nOnce a Spanish possession known as Santiago, in 1655 it came under the rule of England, and was called Jamaica. It achieved full independence from the United Kingdom on 6 August 1962. With 2.8 million people, it is the third most populous Anglophone country in the Americas, after the United States and Canada. Kingston is the country's largest city and its capital, with a population of 937,700. Jamaica has a large diaspora around the world, due to emigration from the country.\nJamaica is a Commonwealth realm, with Queen Elizabeth II as its monarch and head of state. Her appointed representative in the country is the Governor-General of Jamaica, currently Patrick Allen. The head of government and Prime Minister of Jamaica is Portia Simpson-Miller. Jamaica is a parliamentary constitutional monarchy with legislative power vested in the bicameral Parliament of Jamaica, consisting of an appointed Senate and a directly elected House of Representatives.
/m/03yk8z	Jennifer Anne Ehle is an American-English actress of stage and screen. She is perhaps best known for her role as Elizabeth Bennet in the successful 1995 miniseries Pride and Prejudice, which won her the BAFTA Award for Best Television Actress.\nShe made her West End debut in 1991, in Peter Hall's production of Tartuffe and joined the Royal Shakespeare Company in 1995. She has won two Tony Awards for her work on Broadway, Best Actress in a Play for The Real Thing in 1999 and Best Featured Actress in a Play for The Coast of Utopia in 2007.\nShe has appeared in supporting roles in such films as Wilde, Sunshine, The King's Speech, Contagion, Zero Dark Thirty, RoboCop, and the upcoming Fifty Shades of Grey. She also starred in the short-lived American television series A Gifted Man.\nShe is the daughter of English actress Rosemary Harris and American author John Ehle.
/m/012vct	George Stevens was an American film director, producer, screenwriter and cinematographer.\nAmong his most notable films are A Place in the Sun, Shane, Giant, and Diary of Anne Frank.
/m/03rwng	Jean E. Smart is an American film, television, and stage actress. She is known for her comedic roles, one of the best known being her role as Charlene Frazier Stillfield on the CBS sitcom Designing Women. She later gained critical acclaim for dramatic work, with her portrayal of Martha Logan on 24. Smart recently appeared as Regina Newly on the ABC sitcom Samantha Who? from 2007 to 2009, which garnered the actress an Emmy Award in 2008. She played Governor Pat Jameson during the first season of the CBS-TV remake of Hawaii Five-0.
/m/012yc	Alternative hip hop is a sub-genre of hip hop music that revolves around varieties of rap and hip hop genres. Allmusic defines it as follows:\nAlternative rap refers to hip hop groups that refuse to conform to any of the traditional stereotypes of rap, such as gangsta, bass, hardcore, pop, and party rap. Instead, they blur genres - drawing equally from funk and rock, as well as jazz, soul, reggae, country, electronica, and even folk.
/m/02vjp3	Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow is a 2004 American pulp adventure science fiction film written and directed by Kerry Conran in his directorial debut. The film is set in an alternative 1939 and follows the adventures of Polly Perkins, a newspaper reporter, and Joseph \"Joe\" Sullivan, alias \"Sky Captain,\" as they track down the mysterious Dr. Totenkopf, who is seeking to build the \"World of Tomorrow\". The film is an example of the \"dieselpunk\" genre.\nConran spent four years making a black and white teaser trailer with a bluescreen set up in his living room and using a Macintosh IIci personal computer. He was able to show it to producer Jon Avnet, who was so impressed that he spent two years working with the aspiring filmmaker on his screenplay. No major studio was interested in financing such an unusual film with a first-time director. Avnet convinced Aurelio De Laurentiis to finance Sky Captain without a distribution deal.\nAlmost 100 digital artists, modelers, animators and compositors created the multi-layered 2D and 3D backgrounds for the live-action footage while the entire movie was sketched out via hand-drawn storyboards and then re-created as computer-generated 3D animatics. Ten months before Conran made the movie with his cast, he shot it entirely with stand-ins in Los Angeles and then created it in animatics so the actors had an idea of what the film would look like. Sky Captain is notable as one of the first major films to be shot entirely on a \"digital backlot\", blending live actors with computer-generated surroundings.
/m/01tvz5j	Maria Elena Bello is an American actress and singer, who has appeared in the movies Permanent Midnight, Payback, Coyote Ugly, The Cooler, A History of Violence, Thank You for Smoking, and The Jane Austen Book Club. In television, she is known for her role as Dr. Anna Del Amico on the NBC medical drama ER. She starred as Lucy Robbins on the Fox series Touch alongside Kiefer Sutherland, in 2013.
/m/02p7_k	Powers Allen Boothe is an American television and film actor. Some of his most notable roles include his Emmy-winning 1980 portrayal of Jim Jones in Guyana Tragedy: The Story of Jim Jones and his turns as TV detective Phillip Marlowe in the 1980s, as Cy Tolliver on Deadwood, as \"Curly Bill\" Brocious in Tombstone, as well as Vice-President Noah Daniels on 24 and as the voice of Gorilla Grodd in the DC Animated Universe. From 2012 to 2014 he starred as Lamar Wyatt in the ABC musical drama series Nashville.
/m/0fpgp26	Ice Age: Continental Drift is a 2012 American 3D computer-animated comedy adventure film directed by Steve Martino and Mike Thurmeier. It was written by Jason Fuchs and Michael Berg, and features the voices of Ray Romano, John Leguizamo, Denis Leary, Nicki Minaj, Drake, with Jennifer Lopez, and Queen Latifah.\nIt is the fourth installment of the Ice Age series, produced by Blue Sky Studios and distributed by 20th Century Fox. It is the first sequel in the series not directed by Carlos Saldanha, and the second Ice Age installment that utilises Digital 3D. It was released in the US on July 13, 2012, three to six years after its predecessors The Meltdown and Dawn of the Dinosaurs, and ten years after the release of the original Ice Age. This was the first Ice Age film to be presented in the 2.39:1 aspect ratio.\nDespite receiving mixed reviews from critics, the film became a box office success, with a worldwide gross of over $877 million, marking it the highest grossing animated film of 2012.
/m/0ws7	The Arizona Cardinals are a professional American football team. They currently are members of the Western Division of the National Football Conference in the National Football League. The Cardinals were founded in 1898, and are the oldest continuously run professional American football club in the United States.\nThe team was established in Chicago in 1898 and was a charter member of the NFL in 1920. Along with the Chicago Bears, the club is one of two NFL charter member franchises still in operation since the league's founding.. The club then moved to St. Louis, Missouri in 1960 and played in that city through 1987. Other less commonly used nicknames were the \"Gridbirds\" or \"Cardiac Cards\". Before the 1988 NFL season, the team moved to Tempe, Arizona, a college town suburb of Phoenix, and played their home games for the next 18 years at Arizona State University's Sun Devil Stadium. In 2006, the club began playing all home games at the newly constructed University of Phoenix Stadium in the northwestern suburb of Glendale, although the team's training facility is in Tempe, an eastern suburb.
/m/026v5	Digital Equipment Corporation, also known as DEC and using the trademark Digital, was a major American company in the computer industry from the 1960s to the 1990s. It was a leading vendor of computer systems, including computers, software, and peripherals, and its PDP and successor VAX products were the most successful of all minicomputers in terms of sales.\nFrom 1957 until 1992 its headquarters were located in a former wool mill in Maynard, Massachusetts, since renamed Clock Tower Place and now home to multiple companies. DEC was acquired in June 1998 by Compaq, which subsequently merged with Hewlett-Packard in May 2002. Some parts of DEC, notably the compiler business and the Hudson, Massachusetts facility, were sold to Intel.
/m/0r3wm	Riverside is a city in Riverside County, California, United States, located in the Inland Empire metropolitan area. Riverside is the county seat of the eponymous county and named for its location beside the Santa Ana River. It is the most populous city in the Inland Empire as well as Riverside County, and is located approximately 60 miles east of Los Angeles. It is also part of the Greater Los Angeles area. Riverside is the 59th most populous city in the United States and 12th most populous city in California. As of the 2010 Census, Riverside had a population of 303,871.\nRiverside was founded in the early 1870s and is the birthplace of the California citrus industry as well as home of the Mission Inn, the largest Mission Revival Style building in the United States. It is also home to the Riverside National Cemetery.\nThe University of California, Riverside, is located in the northeastern part of the city. The university also hosts the Riverside Sports Complex. Other attractions in Riverside include the Fox Performing Arts Center, Riverside Metropolitan Museum, which houses exhibits and artifacts of local history, the California Museum of Photography, the California Citrus State Historic Park, and the Parent Washington Navel Orange Tree, one of the two original navel orange trees in California.
/m/04gcyg	2010 is a 1984 American science fiction film written and directed by Peter Hyams. It is a sequel to Stanley Kubrick's 1968 film 2001: A Space Odyssey, and is based on Arthur C. Clarke's novel 2010: Odyssey Two, a literary sequel to the film.\nRoy Scheider, Helen Mirren, Bob Balaban and John Lithgow star, along with Keir Dullea and Douglas Rain of the original cast.
/m/07svc3	John Brown and Company of Clydebank was a Scottish marine engineering and shipbuilding firm. It built many notable and world-famous ships including RMS Lusitania, HMS Hood, HMS Repulse, RMS Queen Mary, RMS Queen Elizabeth and RMS Queen Elizabeth 2. At its height, from 1900 to the 1950s, it was one of the most highly regarded, and internationally famous, shipbuilding companies in the world. However thereafter, along with other UK shipbuilders, John Brown's found it increasingly difficult to compete with the emerging shipyards in Eastern Europe and the far East. In 1968 John Brown's merged with other Clydeside shipyards to form the Upper Clyde Shipbuilders consortium, but that collapsed in 1971.\nThe company then withdrew from shipbuilding but its engineering arm remained successful. In 1986 it became a wholly owned subsidiary of Trafalgar House, which in 1996 was taken over by Kvaerner. The latter closed the Clydebank engineering works in 2000.\nMarathon Oil bought the Clydebank shipyard from UCS and used it to build oil rig platforms for the North Sea oil industry. UiE Scotland bought the yard in 1980 and closed it in 2001.
/m/03kg2v	The Count of Monte Cristo is a 2002 adventure film directed by Kevin Reynolds. The film is the tenth adaptation of the book of the same name by Alexandre Dumas, père and stars Richard Harris, James Caviezel, Dagmara Dominczyk, Guy Pearce, and Luis Guzman. It follows the general plot of the novel; but many aspects, including the relationships between major characters and the ending, have been changed, simplified, or removed; and action scenes have been added. The movie met with modest box office success.
/m/0r5y9	San Mateo is a city in San Mateo County, California in the high-tech enclave of Silicon Valley in the San Francisco Bay Area. With a population of 97,207 as of the 2010 census, it is one of the larger suburbs on the San Francisco Peninsula, located between Burlingame to the north, Foster City to the east, Belmont to the south, and Highlands-Baywood Park and Hillsborough to the west. San Mateo was incorporated in 1894.
/m/01vrlr4	Adolph Green was an American lyricist and playwright who, with long-time collaborator Betty Comden, penned the screenplays and songs for some of the most beloved movie musicals, particularly as part of Arthur Freed's production unit at MGM, during the genre's heyday. Many people thought the pair were married; they were not, but they shared a unique comic genius and sophisticated wit that enabled them to forge a six-decade-long partnership that produced some of Hollywood and Broadway's greatest hits.
/m/01k6zy	The Edmonton Eskimos are a professional Canadian football team based in Edmonton, Alberta, competing in the West Division of the Canadian Football League. The Eskimos play their home games at Commonwealth Stadium and are the third-youngest franchise in the CFL. The Eskimos were founded in 1949, although there were clubs with the name Edmonton Eskimos as early as 1895. The Eskimos are the most successful CFL franchise of the modern era having won the league's Grey Cup championship thirteen times, second overall only to the Toronto Argonauts who have won sixteen. This includes a three-peat between 1954 and 1956 and an unmatched five consecutive wins between 1978 and 1982, and most recently in 2005.\nThe Eskimos hold a North American professional sports record by qualifying for the playoffs for 34 consecutive years between 1972 and 2005. Edmonton has had the most regular season division championships in the modern era with 21, with their most recent coming in 2003. The team has a rivalry with the Calgary Stampeders and are one of the three community owned teams currently operating in the CFL.
/m/02mqc4	Stockard Channing is a three-time Emmy and one-time Tony Award winning American stage, film and television actress.\nShe is known for her portrayal of First Lady Abbey Bartlet in the NBC television series The West Wing; for playing Betty Rizzo in the film Grease; and for her role as Ouisa Kittredge in the play Six Degrees of Separation and its later film version.
/m/020qr4	Sonic X is an anime series based on the Sonic the Hedgehog video game series. It was created by TMS Entertainment and it began airing on TV Tokyo's 8:30 time slot on April 6, 2003, originally belonging to Ultra Lightning Express Hikarian. The series' last episode aired in Japan was broadcast on March 28, 2004, and the timeslot was used to broadcast Bijutsu Hata no Shitsu. Further episodes aired in France and the United States, and Sonic X was rerun on Kids Station from 2004 to 2005. In the United States, Saban Brands currently owns and manages the copyright and branding of the series. The series introduces various original storylines, as well as incorporating adaptations of video games such as Sonic Adventure, Sonic Adventure 2 and Sonic Battle.
/m/05k7sb	Massachusetts, officially the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, is a state in the New England region of the northeastern United States. It is bordered by Rhode Island and Connecticut to the south, New York to the west, and Vermont and New Hampshire to the north; at its east lies the Atlantic Ocean. Massachusetts is the 7th smallest, but the 14th most populous and the 3rd most densely populated of the 50 United States. Massachusetts features two separate metropolitan areas: Greater Boston in the east and the Springfield metropolitan area in the west. Approximately two-thirds of Massachusetts' population lives in Greater Boston. Generally the Greater Boston boundary is regarded as the Atlantic Ocean to the east and areas just north, west, and south of Interstate 495 to the west, north, and south. Western Massachusetts features one urban area - the Knowledge Corridor along the Connecticut River - and a mix of college towns and rural areas. Many of Massachusetts' towns, cities, and counties have names identical to ones in England. Massachusetts is the most populous of the six New England states and has the nation's sixth highest GDP per capita.\nMassachusetts has played a significant historical, cultural, and commercial role in American history. Plymouth was the site of the colony founded in 1620 by the Pilgrims, passengers of the Mayflower. Harvard University, founded in 1636, is the oldest institution of higher learning in the United States. In 1692, the town of Salem and surrounding areas experienced one of America's most infamous cases of mass hysteria, the Salem witch trials. In the 18th century, the Protestant First Great Awakening, which swept the Atlantic world, originated from the pulpit of Northampton, Massachusetts preacher Jonathan Edwards. In the late 18th century, Boston became known as the \"Cradle of Liberty\" for the agitation there that led to the American Revolution and the independence of the United States from Great Britain. In 1777, General Henry Knox founded the Springfield Armory, which during the Industrial Revolution catalyzed numerous important technological advances, including interchangeable parts. In 1786, Shays' Rebellion, a populist revolt led by disaffected Revolutionary War veterans, led directly to the United States Constitutional Convention.
/m/0bjrnt	The degree of Master of Arts in Scotland refers to an undergraduate academic degree in the arts, liberal arts, humanities or social sciences awarded by one of the ancient universities of Scotland – the University of St Andrews, the University of Glasgow, the University of Aberdeen, the University of Edinburgh and also by the University of Dundee. Heriot-Watt University also offers undergraduate MA programmes in certain subjects. Undergraduate MAs are also awarded, with several material differences, by the other ancient universities in the British Isles: Oxford, Cambridge and Dublin. The degree can either be completed as a Master of Arts with Honours in four years, or as a Master of Arts \"ordinary\" or \"designated\" degree in three years. For the postgraduate degree referred to in other places as \"Master of Arts\", Scottish universities usually award the degree of Master of Letters. At non-ancient universities in Scotland, arts degrees are awarded as Bachelor of Arts.
/m/018_q8	Viacom Inc. is an American global mass media company with interests primarily in, but not limited to, cinema and cable television. As of 2010, it was the world's fourth-largest media conglomerate, behind The Walt Disney Company, Time Warner and News Corporation. Voting control of Viacom is held by National Amusements, Inc., a privately owned theater company controlled in turn by billionaire Sumner Redstone. Redstone also holds, via National Amusements, a controlling stake in CBS Corporation.\nThe current Viacom was created on December 31, 2005, as a spinoff from CBS Corporation, which changed its name from Viacom to CBS at the same time. CBS, not Viacom, retains control of the over-the-air broadcasting, TV production, outdoor advertising, subscription pay television and publishing assets previously owned by the pre-split company. Predecessor firms of Viacom include Gulf+Western, which later became Paramount Communications Inc., and Westinghouse Electric Corporation.\nComprising BET Networks, MTV Networks, and Paramount Pictures, Viacom operates approximately 170 networks reaching approximately 700 million subscribers in 160 countries.
/m/0qjd	Aachen, also known as Bad Aachen is a spa town in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. Sometimes in English, the city is referred to as Aix-la-Chapelle. Aachen was a favoured residence of Charlemagne, and later the place of coronation of the German kings. Geographically, Aachen is the westernmost city of Germany, located along its borders with Belgium and the Netherlands, 61 km west-southwest of Cologne. It is located within a former coal-mining region, and this fact was important in its economic history. RWTH Aachen University, one of Germany's Universities of Excellence, is located in the city. Aachen's predominant economic focus is on science, engineering, information technology and related sectors. In 2009, Aachen was ranked 8th among cities in Germany for innovation.
/m/02b71x	Quiet storm is a late-night radio format, featuring soulful slow jams, pioneered in the mid-1970s by then-station-intern Melvin Lindsey at WHUR-FM, in Washington, D.C. Smokey Robinson's like-titled hit single, \"A Quiet Storm\", released in 1975 as the title track to his third solo album, lent its name to the format and to the radio program that introduced it to the public. Encompassing a mix of African American music genres, quiet storm music is distinguished by understated, mellow dynamics and relaxed tempos and rhythms. It can be soothingly pensive, or express romantic sentiment. Quiet storm music is similar to soft rock and adult contemporary styles, but it is more closely and unmistakably rooted in R&B and soul music, often with jazz extensions.\nToday, quiet storm is a broad term given to an array of mellow, slow-groove contemporary R&B, soul and smooth jazz offerings of the type featured on Melvin Lindsey's WHUR program, and on myriad other stations that followed his lead—most notably KBLX-FM in San Francisco, which in 1979 became the first radio station in the U.S. to present a 24-hour quiet storm format.
/m/04x1_w	Olivia Jane Cockburn, known professionally as Olivia Wilde, is an American actress who has appeared in a number of television and film productions. Wilde has starred in TV productions such as The O.C., The Black Donnellys and House, and in films such as Tron: Legacy, Cowboys & Aliens, In Time, and Drinking Buddies.
/m/055yr	OS X, previously Mac OS X, is a series of Unix-based graphical interface operating systems developed and marketed by Apple Inc. It is designed to run exclusively on Mac computers, having been pre-installed on all Macs since 2002. It was the successor to Mac OS 9, released in 1999, the final release of the \"classic\" Mac OS, which had been Apple's primary operating system since 1984. The first version released was Mac OS X Server 1.0 in 1999, and a desktop version, Mac OS X v10.0 \"Cheetah\" followed on March 24, 2001. Previous releases of OS X were named after big cats; for example, OS X v10.8 was referred to as \"Mountain Lion\". However, with the announcement of OS X Mavericks in June 2013, this was dropped in favor of Californian landmarks.\nOS X, whose X is the Roman numeral for 10 and is a prominent part of its brand identity, is built on technologies developed at NeXT between the second half of the 1980s and Apple's purchase of the company in late 1996. The 'X' is also used to emphasize the relatedness between OS X and UNIX. Versions 10.5 \"Leopard\" running on Intel processors, 10.6 \"Snow Leopard\", 10.7 \"Lion\", 10.8 \"Mountain Lion\", and 10.9 \"Mavericks\" have obtained UNIX 03 certification. iOS, which runs on the iPhone, iPod Touch, iPad, and the 2nd and 3rd generation Apple TV, shares the Darwin core and many frameworks with OS X. An unnamed variant of v10.4 powered the first generation Apple TV.
/m/02lymt	Wesley Trent Snipes is an American actor, film producer, and martial artist, who has starred in numerous films, including action thrillers and dramatic features. Snipes is known for playing the Marvel Comics character Blade in the Blade film trilogy, among various other high-profile roles. Snipes formed a production company, Amen-Ra Films, in 1991 and a subsidiary, Black Dot Media, to develop projects for film and television. Snipes has been training in martial arts since age 12, earning a 5th dan black belt in Shotokan Karate and 2nd dan black belt in Hapkido.\nIn 2010, Snipes began serving a three-year prison sentence in McKean County, Pennsylvania for misdemeanor failure to file U.S. federal income tax returns. He was released from prison in 2013.
/m/01h8f	Bruce Lorne Campbell is an American film and television actor, director, writer, producer and author. As a cult film actor, Campbell is best known for his role as Ash Williams in Sam Raimi's hit Evil Dead series of films and he has starred in many low-budget cult films such as Crimewave, Maniac Cop, Bubba Ho-tep, Escape From L.A. and Sundown: The Vampire in Retreat. He would later spoof his B-movie career in My Name Is Bruce, which he starred and directed. He has since made voice appearances in animated films, including Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs and Cars 2.\nIn television, Campbell is known for his lead roles in both The Adventures of Brisco County, Jr. and Jack of all Trades, his portrayal of Autolycus in Hercules: The Legendary Journeys and Xena: Warrior Princess, and notably for his role as Sam Axe on the USA Network series Burn Notice.
/m/0wsr	The Atlanta Falcons are a professional American football team based in Atlanta, Georgia. They are a member of the South Division of the National Football Conference in the National Football League. The Falcons play their home games at the Georgia Dome in downtown Atlanta, but construction is likely to begin in 2014 on a new stadium with play beginning in the 2017 season. Their headquarters and practice facilities are located at a 50-acre site in Flowery Branch, Georgia. The Falcons joined the NFL in 1965 as an expansion team, after the NFL offered then-owner Rankin Smith a franchise to keep him from joining the rival American Football League. The AFL instead granted a franchise to Miami, Florida. In their 47 years of existence, the Falcons have compiled a record of 312–402–6 with division championships in 1980, 1998, 2004, 2010 and 2012. Their only Super Bowl appearance was during the 1998 season in Super Bowl XXXIII.\nThey are tied with the Dolphins for being the oldest NFL franchise in the Deep South, and are the oldest NFC team in said region.
/m/060_7	Pablo Ruiz y Picasso, known as Pablo Picasso was a Spanish painter, sculptor, printmaker, ceramicist, stage designer, poet and playwright who spent most of his adult life in France. As one of the greatest and most influential artists of the 20th century, he is known for co-founding the Cubist movement, the invention of constructed sculpture, the co-invention of collage, and for the wide variety of styles that he helped develop and explore. Among his most famous works are the proto-Cubist Les Demoiselles d'Avignon, and Guernica, a portrayal of the German bombing of Guernica during the Spanish Civil War.\nPicasso, Henri Matisse and Marcel Duchamp are regarded as the three artists who most defined the revolutionary developments in the plastic arts in the opening decades of the 20th century, responsible for significant developments in painting, sculpture, printmaking and ceramics.\nPicasso demonstrated extraordinary artistic talent in his early years, painting in a realistic manner through his childhood and adolescence. During the first decade of the 20th century, his style changed as he experimented with different theories, techniques, and ideas. His work is often categorised into periods. While the names of many of his later periods are debated, the most commonly accepted periods in his work are the Blue Period, the Rose Period, the African-influenced Period, Analytic Cubism, and Synthetic Cubism.
/m/0crvfq	D.W. Moffett is an actor and television director.
/m/0n6nl	Nye County is a county located in the U.S. state of Nevada. As of the 2010 census, the population was 43,946. Its county seat is Tonopah. At 18,159 square miles, Nye is the largest county by area in the state and the third largest county in the contiguous United States. The center of population of Nevada is located in Nye County, very near Yucca Mountain. The largest community in Nye County is Pahrump, an unincorporated town.\nThe Nevada Test Site and proposed Yucca Mountain nuclear waste repository are located in the southwestern part of the county, and are the focus of a great deal of political and public controversy in the state. The federal government also manages 92 percent of the land in the county. A 1987 attempt to deposit the nuclear waste resulted in the creation of Bullfrog County, Nevada, which was dissolved two years later.\nThe county features several environmentally sensitive areas, including Ash Meadows National Wildlife Refuge, the White River Valley, several Great Basin sky islands and a portion of Death Valley National Park. Visitors to Death Valley often stay at Beatty or Amargosa Valley.\nNye County is one of 11 Nevada counties where prostitution is legal.
/m/08036w	Harrogate Town Football Club is an English semi-professional association football club based in Harrogate, North Yorkshire. The club was founded in 1914 and currently competes in the Conference North division of the Football Conference.
/m/0d8m3	The Pulitzer Prize for History is one of the seven American Pulitzer Prizes that are annually awarded for Letters, Drama, and Music. It has been presented since 1917 for a distinguished book about the history of the United States. Thus it is one of the original Pulitzers, for the program was inaugurated in 1917 with seven prizes, four of which were awarded that year. The Pulitzer Prize program has also recognized some historical work with its Biography prize, from 1917, and its General Non-Fiction prize, from 1952.\nFinalists have been announced from 1980, ordinarily two others beside the winner.
/m/02wv6th	A bakery is an establishment that produces and sells flour-based food baked in an oven such as bread, cakes, pastries, and pies. Some retail bakeries are also cafés, serving coffee and tea to customers who wish to consume the baked goods on the premises.
/m/08r4x3	Bobby is a 2006 American drama film written and directed by Emilio Estevez and stars an ensemble cast. The screenplay is a fictionalized account of the hours leading up to the June 5, 1968 shooting of U.S. Senator Robert F. Kennedy in the kitchen of The Ambassador Hotel in Los Angeles following his win of the 1968 Democratic Party presidential primaries in California.
/m/0c3351	Suspense is a feeling of pleasurable fascination and excitement mixed with apprehension, tension, and anxiety developed from an unpredictable, mysterious, and rousing source of entertainment. The term most often refers to an audience's perceptions in a dramatic work. Suspense is not exclusive to fiction. It may operate whenever there is a perceived suspended drama or a chain of cause is left in doubt, with tension being a primary emotion felt as part of the situation. In the kind of suspense described by film director Alfred Hitchcock, an audience experiences suspense when they expect something bad to happen and have a superior perspective on events in the drama's hierarchy of knowledge, yet they are powerless to intervene to prevent it from happening. Films having a lot of suspense belong in the thriller genre.\nIn broader definition of suspense, this emotion arises when someone is aware of his lack of knowledge about the development of a meaningful event; thus, suspense is a combination of anticipation and uncertainty dealing with the obscurity of the future. In terms of narrative expectations, it may be contrasted with mystery or curiosity and surprise.\nSuspense could however be some small event in a person's life, such as a child anticipating an answer to a request they've made, e.g., \"May I get the kitty?\". Therefore, suspense may be experienced to different degrees.
/m/0r3w7	Rancho Mirage is a resort city in Riverside County, California, United States. The population was 17,218 at the 2010 census, up from 13,249 at the 2000 census, but the seasonal population can exceed 20,000. In between Cathedral City and Palm Desert, it is one of the nine cities of the Coachella Valley. Rancho Mirage was incorporated in 1973 from a merger of Mirage Cove with five unincorporated areas known as the \"Cove communities\", and had 3,000 permanent residents at the time.
/m/018dcy	Guelph is a city in Southwestern Ontario, Canada. Known as \"The Royal City\", Guelph is roughly 28 kilometres east of Waterloo and 100 kilometres west of downtown Toronto at the intersection of Highway 6 and Highway 7. It is the seat of Wellington County, but is politically independent of it. Because of its low crime rates, clean environment and generally high standard of living, Guelph is consistently rated as one of the country's best places to live. Guelph has been noted as having one of the lowest unemployment rates in the country throughout the 2008–2012 global recession, and has ranked at the bottom of Canada's crime severity list for the past five years.\nThe name Guelph comes from the Italian Guelfo and the Bavarian-Germanic Welf. It is a reference to the reigning British monarch at the time Guelph was founded, King George IV, whose family was from the House of Hanover, a younger branch of the House of Welf.
/m/0d9z_y	Texarkana is the largest city and the county seat of Miller County, Arkansas, United States. It effectively functions as one half of a city which crosses a state line — the other half, the city of Texarkana, Texas, lies on the other side of State Line Avenue.\nAccording to 2010 Census, the population of the city is 29,919, ranking it as the state's 12th largest city, behind Hot Springs. The city, along with its Texas counterpart, forms the central city of the Metropolitan Statistical Area, encompassing all of Bowie County, Texas and Miller County, Arkansas. The total population of Texarkana is 67,784; the total area is 70.35 sq mi.
/m/02qssrm	Jenna Wolfe is a correspondent for NBC's Today, and the news anchor for Weekend Today, and had once substituted on the NBC Nightly News.
/m/013cr	Albert Lawrence Brooks is an American actor, voice actor, writer, comedian, and director. He received an Academy Award nomination in 1987 for his role in Broadcast News. His voice acting credits include Marlin the clownfish in Finding Nemo, and recurring guest voices for the animated television series The Simpsons, including Russ Cargill in The Simpsons Movie. Additionally, he has written, directed and starred in several comedy films such as Modern Romance, Lost in America and Defending Your Life and is the author of the satire, 2030: The Real Story of What Happens to America.
/m/0m43j	Folkestone is a port located on the English Channel, in Kent, south-east England.
/m/0d1w9	A prison or jail is a facility in which individuals are forcibly confined and denied a variety of freedoms under the authority of the state as a form of punishment. The most common use of prisons is as part of a criminal justice system, in which individuals officially charged with or convicted of crimes are confined to a jail or prison until they are either brought to trial to determine their guilt or complete the period of incarceration they were sentenced to after being found guilty at their trial. Outside of their use for punishing civil crimes, authoritarian regimes also frequently use prisons and jails as tools of political repression to punish political crimes, often without trial or other legal due process; this use is illegal under most forms of international law governing fair administration of justice. In times of war or conflict, prisoners of war may also be detained in military prisons or prisoner of war camps, and large groups of civilians might be imprisoned in internment camps.
/m/0rmby	Fort Myers is the county seat and commercial center of Lee County, Florida, United States. Its population was 62,298 in the 2010 census, a 29.23 percent increase over the 2000 figure.\nThe city is one of two major cities that make up the Cape Coral-Fort Myers Metropolitan Statistical Area, the other being Cape Coral. The 2010 population for the metropolitan area was 618,754.\nEstablished in 1886, Fort Myers is the historical and governmental hub of Lee County. It is the gateway to the Southwest Florida region, which is a major tourist destination in Florida. The winter homes of Thomas Edison and Henry Ford, which are both primary tourist attractions in the region, are located on McGregor Boulevard in Fort Myers.\nOn August 13, 2004, Fort Myers was struck by Hurricane Charley, a Category 4 hurricane that made landfall north of the area. In 2005, Hurricane Wilma struck south of Naples, but caused extensive damage in Fort Myers and its southern suburbs.\nSouthwest Florida International Airport is located southeast of the city in South Fort Myers, near Gateway and Lehigh Acres.
/m/057dxsg	Joseph Kish was an American set decorator. He won an Academy Award and was nominated for four more in the category Best Art Direction. He worked on 130 films between 1942 and 1966.
/m/04pf4r	Harry Gregson-Williams is a British composer, orchestrator, conductor, and music producer. He has regularly written for films, as has his brother Rupert.
/m/017drs	Shortstop, abbreviated SS, is the baseball or softball fielding position between second and third base. Shortstop is often regarded as the most dynamic defensive position in baseball, because there are more right-handed hitters in baseball than left-handed hitters, and most hitters have a tendency to pull the ball slightly, so more balls go to the shortstop than any other position. In the numbering system used to record defensive plays, the shortstop is assigned the number 6.
/m/03_qrp	The Ghana national football team, popularly nicknamed as the Black Stars has represented the Republic of Ghana in association football since the 1950s. Black Stars is administered by the Ghana Football Association, the governing body for football in Ghana and the oldest football association in the Geographic Africa. Prior to 1957, the team played as the Gold Coast.\nAlthough the team did not qualify for the senior FIFA World Cup until 2006, they had qualified for five straight Olympic Games Football Tournaments when the tournament was still a full senior national team competition. The team has won the Africa Cup of Nations four times and has been runners up 4 times. At the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa, they became only the third African team to reach the World Cup quarter-finals.\nAfter going through 2005 unbeaten, Ghana national football team won the FIFA most improved team of the year award and they reached the second round of the 2006 FIFA World Cup.
/m/087r4	Yukon is the westernmost and smallest of Canada's three federal territories. Whitehorse is the territorial capital.\nThe territory was split from the Northwest Territories in 1898. Receiving royal assent on March 27, 2002, the federal government modernized the Yukon Act to confirm \"Yukon\", rather than \"Yukon Territory\", as the current usage standard. Though officially bilingual, the Yukon Government also recognizes First Nations languages.\nAt 5,959 m, Yukon's Mount Logan, in Kluane National Park and Reserve, is the highest mountain in Canada and the second-highest on the North American continent. The territory's climate is Arctic in the north, subarctic in the central region, between north of Whitehorse and Old Crow, and has a humid continental climate in the far south, south of Whitehorse and in areas close to the British Columbia border. Several rivers run through Yukon, some being the Stewart River, Peel River, and ever famous Yukon River.\nThe Territory was named after the Yukon River. The word Yukon means \"Great River\" or \"Big Stream\" in Gwich'in.
/m/01fb6d	Bad Boy Records is a record label founded in 1993 by producer/rapper/entrepreneur Sean \"Diddy\" Combs. Today, it operates as a subsidiary of Universal Music Group, and is distributed by Interscope Records.
/m/0pgm3	Christopher Nash \"Chris\" Elliott is an American actor, comedian, and writer best known for his comedic sketches on Late Night with David Letterman, starring in the cult comedy series Get a Life and for his recurring roles as Peter MacDougall on Everybody Loves Raymond and as Mickey Aldrin on How I Met Your Mother. He is also known for appearing in movies such as Cabin Boy, There's Something About Mary, Scary Movie 2 and Groundhog Day. Elliott currently stars in the Adult Swim series Eagleheart, which started its third season on November 14, 2013.
/m/049wm	Kagoshima is the capital city of Kagoshima Prefecture at the southwestern tip of the island of Kyushu in Japan, and the largest city in the prefecture by some margin. It has been nicknamed the \"Naples of the Eastern world\" for its bay location, hot climate, and impressive stratovolcano, Sakurajima. The city was officially founded on April 1, 1889.\nAs of January 1, 2010, the city has an estimated population of 605,855 and a population density of 1,107.49 persons per km². The total area is 546.71 km².\nIn 2003, the city had an estimated population of only 554,136 and a population density of 1,911.41 persons per km². The total area was 289.91 km².\nThe city's total area nearly doubled between 2003 and 2005 as a result of five towns: the towns of Kōriyama and Matsumoto the town of Kiire and the towns of Sakurajima and Yoshida. All of them were merged into Kagoshima on November 1, 2004.\nKagoshima is approximately 40 minutes from Kagoshima Airport, and the city features large shopping districts and malls, is served by trams, and has many restaurants featuring Satsuma Province regional cuisine: kibi, tonkatsu, smoked eel, and karukan. A large, modern aquarium has been installed on the old docks overlooking the volcano. The Sengan-en Japanese garden is just outside the city.
/m/032yps	The Milwaukee Admirals are a professional ice hockey team in the American Hockey League. They play in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, USA at the BMO Harris Bradley Center.
/m/02tcgh	Kal Ho Naa Ho, sometimes abbreviated as KHNH, is a 2003 Bollywood romantic comedy-drama film, directed by debutante director Nikhil Advani. The film was written by Niranjan Iyengar and Karan Johar and produced by Yash Johar and Karan Johar under the Dharma Productions banner. The music of the film was composed by Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy, with lyrics written by Javed Akhtar.\nThe film features Jaya Bachchan as Jennifer Kapur, Shahrukh Khan as Aman Mathur, Saif Ali Khan as Rohit Patel, and Preity Zinta as Naina Catherine Kapur. It also features Lilette Dubey, Reema Lagoo, Sushma Seth and Delnaaz Paul in supporting roles. The film narrates the story of an uptight student, Naina Kapur, who falls in love with her neighbour, Aman Mathur, a terminally ill patient. Meanwhile, Aman tries to play matchmaker for Naina and her friend, Rohit Patel.\nMade on a budget of 30 crore, Kal Ho Naa Ho released on 28 November 2003 to positive critical reviews. Additionally, it was screened at the Valenciennes, Era New Horizons, Marrakech International and Helsinki Film Festival.\nKal Ho Naa Ho was declared blockbuster in India by Box Office India.The film was a commercial success, with a lifetime gross of 829.5 million and emerged as the second highest grossing film, domestically and the highest grossing film in the overseas market, that year. When adjusted for inflation its total worldwide gross is 1.3 billion. The following year, Kal Ho Naa Ho won two National Film Awards and seven Filmfare Awards.
/m/03qcfvw	G.I. Joe: The Rise of Cobra is a 2009 American military science fiction action film based on the G.I. Joe toy franchise, with particular inspiration from the comic book and cartoon series G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero. The film is directed by Stephen Sommers, produced by Lorenzo di Bonaventura and co-written by Stuart Beattie, based on a 1998 screenplay by John Paul Kay. G.I. Joe features an ensemble cast based on the various characters of the franchise. The story follows two American soldiers, Duke and Ripcord, who join the G.I. Joe Team after being attacked by MARS troops.\nAfter leaked drafts of the script were criticized by fans, Larry Hama, writer of the comic, was hired as creative consultant and rewrites were made. Filming took place in Downey, California, and Prague's Barrandov Studios, and six companies handled the visual effects. The film was released on August 7, 2009, worldwide, following an extensive marketing campaign focused on the Mid-American public. The Rise of Cobra opened at the top of the box office and grossed over $302 million worldwide by the end of its run. Critical reception was mostly negative. The sequel, G.I. Joe: Retaliation, was released on March 28, 2013.
/m/01bh3l	KwaZulu-Natal is a province of South Africa. Prior to 1994, the territory now known as KwaZulu-Natal was made up of the province of Natal and the homeland of KwaZulu.\nIn the 1830s, the northern part was the Zulu Kingdom and southern part was briefly a Boer republic called Natalia. In 1843, the latter became the British Colony of Natal; Zululand remained independent until 1879.\nThis region is the birthplace of many notable figures in South Africa's history, such as Pixley ka Isaka Seme, John Langalibalele Dube, Mangosuthu Buthelezi, Anton Lembede, Jacob Zuma, and Bhambatha.\nIt is called the garden province and is the home of the Zulu nation. Two natural areas: the iSimangaliso Wetland Park and the uKhahlamba Drakensberg Park, have been declared UNESCO World Heritage Sites. Located in the southeast of the country, the province has a long shoreline on the Indian Ocean. It borders three other provinces and the countries of Mozambique, Swaziland, and Lesotho. Its capital is Pietermaritzburg, and its largest city is Durban.
/m/07tk7	Trinity College is a constituent college of the University of Cambridge in England. Trinity is one of Cambridge University's three royal colleges, along with King's and St John's. With around 700 undergraduates, 430 graduates, and 190 fellows, it is the largest college in either of the Oxbridge universities. By student numbers, it is second to Homerton College, Cambridge.\nIn the 20th century, members of Trinity won 31 Nobel Prizes of the 89 won by members of Cambridge University, the highest number of any college. Five Fields Medals in Mathematics were won by members of the college.\nTrinity alumni include six British prime ministers, physicists Isaac Newton and Niels Bohr, philosophers Ludwig Wittgenstein and Bertrand Russell, and Soviet spies Kim Philby, Guy Burgess, and Anthony Blunt.\nTwo members of the British Royal Family have studied at Trinity and been awarded degrees as a result: Prince William of Gloucester and Edinburgh, who gained an MA in 1790, and Prince Charles, who was awarded a lower second class BA in 1970. Other British Royal family members have studied there without obtaining degrees, including King Edward VII, King George VI, and Prince Henry, Duke of Gloucester.
/m/035y33	Also a \"public official\". An official is someone who holds an office in an organization or government and participates in the exercise of authority.\nA government official or functionary is an official who is involved in public administration or government, through either election, appointment, selection, or employment. A bureaucrat or civil servant is a member of the bureaucracy. An elected official is a person who is an official by virtue of an election. Officials may also be appointed ex officio. Some official positions may be inherited.\nA person who currently holds an office is referred to as an incumbent.\nThe word official as a noun has been recorded since the Middle English period, first seen in 1314. It comes from the Old French official, from the Latin officialis, the noun use of the original adjective officialis from officium. The meaning \"person in charge of some public work or duty\" was first recorded in 1555. The adjective is first attested in English in 1533, via the Old French oficial.
/m/0lbj1	Gordon Matthew Thomas Sumner, CBE, better known by the stage name Sting is an English musician, singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, activist, actor and philanthropist. He is best known as the principal songwriter, lead singer, and bassist for the influential new wave rock band The Police and for his subsequent solo career.\nSting has varied his musical style, incorporating distinct elements of rock, jazz, reggae, classical, New Age, and worldbeat into his music. As a solo musician and member of the Police, Sting has received 16 Grammy Awards for his work, receiving his first Grammy for Best Rock Instrumental Performance in 1980, three Brit Awards – winning Best British Male in 1994, a Golden Globe, an Emmy Award, and several Oscar nominations for Best Original Song. He was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 2002, and as a member of The Police, was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2003. In 2000, he received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for recording.\nIncluding his years with The Police, Sting has sold over 100 million records worldwide. In the UK, he has been awarded seven Platinum album certifications, three Gold and a Silver, and in the US, nine Platinum and three Gold certifications. In 2006, Paste magazine ranked him 62nd on their list of the \"100 Best Living Songwriters\". He was ranked 63rd on VH1's \"100 Greatest Artists of Rock\", and 80th on Q magazine's \"100 Greatest Musical Stars of 20th Century\". Sting has also collaborated with several other musicians for hit duets, including \"Rise & Fall\" with Craig David and the number one hit \"All for Love\", with fellow musicians Bryan Adams and Rod Stewart.
/m/04kyw	Lisp is a family of computer programming languages with a long history and a distinctive, fully parenthesized Polish prefix notation. Originally specified in 1958, Lisp is the second-oldest high-level programming language in widespread use today; only Fortran is older. Like Fortran, Lisp has changed a great deal since its early days, and a number of dialects have existed over its history. Today, the most widely known general-purpose Lisp dialects are Common Lisp and Scheme.\nLisp was originally created as a practical mathematical notation for computer programs, influenced by the notation of Alonzo Church's lambda calculus. It quickly became the favored programming language for artificial intelligence research. As one of the earliest programming languages, Lisp pioneered many ideas in computer science, including tree data structures, automatic storage management, dynamic typing, conditionals, higher-order functions, recursion, and the self-hosting compiler.\nThe name LISP derives from \"LISt Processing\". Linked lists are one of Lisp language's major data structures, and Lisp source code is itself made up of lists. As a result, Lisp programs can manipulate source code as a data structure, giving rise to the macro systems that allow programmers to create new syntax or even new domain-specific languages embedded in Lisp.
/m/0n5d1	Monmouth County is a county located in the U.S. state of New Jersey, within the New York metropolitan area and located in the central part of the Jersey Shore. As of the 2010 Census, the population was 630,380, up from 615,301 at the 2000 Census, falling to the fifth-most populous county in the state, having been surpassed by Hudson County. Its county seat is Freehold Borough. The most populous place was Middletown Township, with 66,522 residents at the time of the 2010 Census, while Howell Township covered 61.21 square miles, the largest total area of any municipality.\nMonmouth County ranked 38th among the highest-income counties in the United States as of 2011, placing it among the top 1.2% of counties by wealth. As of 2009, it was ranked 56th in the United States by personal per-capita income. On October 29, 2012 Hurricane Sandy caused catastrophic damage to coastal areas of Monmouth County. As Sandy's surge arrived in Monmouth County flood levels of 13.31 feet above normal were measured at Sandy Hook shortly before the destruction of the tidal station, breaking all previous local records. The surge caused waves as high as 32.5 feet measured where the Sandy Hook Bay meets the New York Bay.
/m/02mw6c	Wellington College is a British co-educational boarding and day independent school in the village of Crowthorne in Berkshire. Wellington is a registered charity and currently has just over 1000 pupils aged between 13 and 18. It was built as a national monument to the Duke of Wellington, who led British forces in a succession of large-scale military victories against often better-armed opponents, and after whom the School is named. Her Majesty Queen Victoria laid the foundation stone in 1856 and inaugurated the School's public opening on 29th January 1859.\nMany former Wellington pupils fought in the trenches straight after leaving school during the First World War, volunteering for military action, a conflict in which 707 of them lost their lives. A further 501 former pupils were killed in action in the Second World War.\nThe school is a member of the Rugby Group, which includes Harrow School and Charterhouse School, and is also a member of the G20 Schools group. The Good Schools Guide calls the school \"a serious player in the field of education.\"
/m/01ckbq	The Grammy Award for Best Female Rock Vocal Performance was an award presented at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards, to female recording artists for works containing quality vocal performances in the rock music genre. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position\".\nOriginally called the Grammy Award for Best Rock Vocal Performance, Female, the award was first presented to Donna Summer in 1980. Beginning with the 1995 ceremony, the name of the award was changed to Best Female Rock Vocal Performance. However, in 1988, 1992, 1994, and since 2005, this category was combined with the Grammy Award for Best Male Rock Vocal Performance and presented in a genderless category known as Best Rock Vocal Performance, Solo. The solo category was later renamed to Best Solo Rock Vocal Performance beginning in 2005. This fusion has been criticized, especially when females are not nominated under the solo category. The Academy has cited a lack of eligible recordings in the female rock category as the reason for the mergers. While the award has not been presented since the category merge in 2005, an official confirmation of its retirement has not been announced.
/m/06z68	Synchronized swimming is a hybrid form of swimming, dance and gymnastics, consisting of swimmers performing a synchronized routine of elaborate moves in the water, accompanied by music. Although solos are not used in the Olympics, athletes training in clubs can do solos and compete in competitions. Synchronized swimming demands advanced water skills, and requires great strength, endurance, flexibility, grace, artistry and precise timing, as well as exceptional breath control when upside down underwater. During lifts, swimmers are required not to touch the bottom - yet pull off an outstanding lift.\nOlympic and World Championship competition is not open to men, but other international and national competitions allow male competitors. Both USA Synchro and Synchro Canada allow men to compete with women. – Most European countries allow men to compete also, France even allows male only podiums, according to the number of participants. In the past decade more men are becoming involved in the sport and a global biannual competition called Men's Cup has been steadily growing.
/m/019_6d	Fisk University is a historically black university founded in 1866 in Nashville, Tennessee, United States. The 40-acre campus is a historic district listed on the National Register of Historic Places.\nIn 1930, Fisk was the first African-American institution to gain accreditation by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools. Accreditations for specialized programs quickly followed.
/m/06x8y	Serbo-Croatian, also called Serbo-Croat, Serbo-Croat-Bosnian, or Bosnian/Croatian/Serbian, is a South Slavic language and the primary language of Serbia, Croatia, Bosnia and Herzegovina and Montenegro. It is a pluricentric language with four mutually intelligible standard varieties.\nThe language was standardized in the mid-19th century, decades before a Yugoslav state was established. There were dual Serbian and Croatian standards from the very beginning. Croats and Serbs differ in religion and were historically often part of different cultural circles, although a large part of both nations lived side by side under foreign overlords. They adopted slightly different literary forms as their respective standards, though both based on the same Shtokavian subdialect, Eastern Herzegovinian. Since independence, Bosnian has likewise been established as an official standard in Bosnia and Herzegovina, and there is an ongoing movement to codify a separate Montenegrin standard. Serbo-Croatian thus generally goes by the ethnic names Serbian, Croatian, Bosnian, and sometimes Montenegrin. In the 20th century, Serbo-Croatian served as the official language of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia, and later as one of the official languages of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia. The dissolution of Yugoslavia affected language attitudes, so that social conceptions of the language separated on ethnic and political lines.
/m/044g_k	Superman Returns is a 2006 superhero film directed and produced by Bryan Singer. Based on the DC Comics character Superman, the film serves as a homage sequel to the motion pictures Superman and Superman II, ignoring the events of Superman III and Superman IV: The Quest for Peace. It stars Brandon Routh as Superman/Clark Kent, as well as Kate Bosworth, Kevin Spacey, James Marsden, Frank Langella, and Parker Posey, and tells the story of the title character returning to Earth after a five-year absence. He finds that his love interest Lois Lane has moved on with her life and that his archenemy Lex Luthor is plotting a scheme that will destroy him and the world. After a series of unsuccessful projects to resurrect Superman on the screen, Warner Bros. hired Bryan Singer to direct and develop Superman Returns in July 2004. The majority of principal photography took place at Fox Studios Australia, Sydney, while the visual effects sequences were created by a number of studios, including Sony Pictures Imageworks, Rhythm & Hues, Framestore, Rising Sun Pictures, and The Orphanage; filming ended in November 2005.\nSuperman Returns was released to positive reviews, being praised by the story, visual effects and style; it received many award nominations, but Warner Bros. was disappointed with the $391 million worldwide box office return, receiving mixed reaction with the replacement of Christopher Reeve. A sequel was planned for a summer 2009 release, but the project was later canceled. The Superman film series was rebooted in 2013 with the film Man of Steel, starring Henry Cavill as Superman.
/m/021j38	Chittagong is the second-largest city and principal seaport of Bangladesh. Located at the estuary of the Karnaphuli River in Chittagong District; it is the administrative capital of Chittagong Division. The city has a population of over 6.5 million people. It is home to the Port of Chittagong on the Bay of Bengal.\nWith an ancient natural harbour, Chittagong has been a gateway of Bengal for millennia. It was described by the Roman geographer Claudius Ptolemy as one of the greatest harbours of Asia. The port was prominent trading post on historic Asian and Indian Ocean trade routes— attracting merchants and travelers from Arabia, Persia, China and Southeast Asia. The Bengal Sultanate and the Arakanese Kingdom reigned in the region during the medieval period. At the dawn of the European Age of Discovery, the Portuguese established merchant settlements in the port in 1528. The Mughal conquest of Chittagong took place in 1666; after which the city was rechristened by Emperor Aurangazeb as Islamabad. The port was ceded to the British East India Company by Nawab of Bengal in 1760.\nBy the late 1800s, Chittagong became an administrative, transportation and commercial hub in the Bengal Presidency of British India. It was a hotbed of the anti-colonial movement and witnessed the revolutionary Chittagong armoury raid in 1930. It was a crucial base for Allied Forces during the Burma Campaign in World War II. After the Partition of British India in 1947, the city became part of East Pakistan. During the Bangladesh Liberation War in 1971, the declaration of Bangladesh’s independence was proclaimed to the world from Chittagong.
/m/05x2s	The Philip K. Dick Award is a science fiction award given annually at Norwescon sponsored by the Philadelphia Science Fiction Society and supported by the Philip K. Dick Trust, and named after science fiction and fantasy writer Philip K. Dick. It has been awarded since 1983, the year after Dick's death. Works that have received the award are identified on their covers as Best Original SF Paperback. They are awarded to the best original paperback published each year in the US.\nThe award was founded by Thomas Disch with assistance from David G. Hartwell, Paul S. Williams, and Charles N. Brown. It is currently administered by David G. Hartwell & Gordon Van Gelder. Past administrators include Algis J. Budrys and David Alexander Smith.
/m/02kxbwx	Ethan Coen is a film director, film producer, film editor, screenwriter, and cinematographer.
/m/05yd5	Procedural programming can sometimes be used as a synonym for imperative programming, but can also refer to a programming paradigm, derived from structured programming, based upon the concept of the procedure call. Procedures, also known as routines, subroutines, methods, or functions, simply contain a series of computational steps to be carried out. Any given procedure might be called at any point during a program's execution, including by other procedures or itself. Procedural programming is a list or set of instructions telling a computer what to do step by step and how to perform from the first code to the second code. Procedural programming languages include C, C++, Fortran, Pascal, and BASIC.
/m/0646qh	Jean Passanante is an American television screenwriter best known for her work in daytime soap operas. Passanante got her start as an actress doing bit parts in the 1980s, including John Sayles's Return of the Secaucus 7. In 1985, she married writer Jack Shannon. They are still married and have one daughter, Ruth Shannon.\nShe got her start on soaps working as a staff writer on the ABC Daytime drama One Life to Live from 1992 to 1996. In 1996 she was promoted to the top position of Head Writer, only to be replaced in 1997. She remained as a staff writer until 1998, at which time she was made Co-Head Writer of the ailing soap opera Another World. Passanante wrapped up the show's 35-year run in June 1999. The next month, she relieved All My Children creator Agnes Nixon of head writing duties after Nixon was called in to temporarily replace Megan McTavish.\nPassanante's contract with All My Children expired in 2001, and she was replaced by Richard Culliton. She was then hired by CBS' As the World Turns in 2001, where she served as Co-Head Writer until she was promoted to Head Writer in early 2005; she continued in that role through the show's 2010 cancellation. In 2013, Passanante was named head writer of The Young and the Restless, working alongside Shelly Altman.
/m/05pb534	The Madoff investment scandal broke in December 2008, when former NASDAQ Chairman Bernard Madoff admitted that the wealth management arm of his business was an elaborate Ponzi scheme.\nMadoff founded the Wall Street firm Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities LLC in 1960, and was its Chairman until his arrest. He employed at the firm his brother Peter as Senior Managing Director and Chief Compliance Officer, Peter's daughter Shana Madoff as the firm's rules and compliance officer and attorney, and his sons Andrew and Mark.\nAlerted by his sons, federal authorities arrested Madoff on December 11, 2008. On March 12, 2009, Madoff pled guilty to 11 federal crimes and admitted to operating the largest Ponzi scheme in history. On June 29, 2009, he was sentenced to 150 years in prison with restitution of $17 billion. According to the original federal charges, Madoff said that his firm had \"liabilities of approximately US$50 billion\". Prosecutors estimated the size of the fraud to be $64.8 billion, based on the amounts in the accounts of Madoff's 4,800 clients as of November 30, 2008. Ignoring opportunity costs and taxes paid on fictitious profits, half of Madoff's direct investors lost no money. It is also the largest accounting fraud in American history.
/m/0n2bh	Beverly Hills, 90210 is an American drama series that originally aired from October 4, 1990 to May 17, 2000 on Fox and was produced by Spelling Television in the United States, and subsequently on numerous networks around the world. It is the first series in the Beverly Hills, 90210 franchise. The show followed the lives of a group of teenagers living in the upscale, star-studded community of Beverly Hills, California and attending the fictitious West Beverly Hills High School and, subsequently, the fictitious California University after graduation. The show was created by Darren Star and executive producers Charles Rosin followed in later seasons by Aaron Spelling, E. Duke Vincent, Paul Waigner, Steve Wasserman, and Jessica Klein. The \"90210\" in the title refers to one of the city's five ZIP codes.\nThe original premise of the show was based on the adjustment and culture shock that twins Brandon and Brenda Walsh experienced when they and their parents, Jim and Cindy moved from Minneapolis, Minnesota to Beverly Hills. In addition to chronicling the friendships and romantic relationships of the characters, the show also addressed numerous topical issues such as date rape, gay rights, animal rights, alcoholism, domestic violence, anti-Semitism, drug abuse, teenage suicide, teenage pregnancy, AIDS, bulimia and abortion. Beverly Hills, 90210 was named one of the Best School Shows of All Time by AOL TV.
/m/01p4wv	That '70s Show is an American television period sitcom that originally aired on Fox from August 23, 1998, to May 18, 2006. The series focused on the lives of a group of teenage friends living in the fictional suburban town of Point Place, Wisconsin, from May 17, 1976, to December 31, 1979.\nThe main teenage cast members were Topher Grace, Mila Kunis, Ashton Kutcher, Danny Masterson, Laura Prepon, and Wilmer Valderrama. The main adult cast members were Debra Jo Rupp, Kurtwood Smith, Don Stark and, during the first three seasons, Tanya Roberts.
/m/0c3xpwy	The Walking Dead is an American horror drama television series developed by Frank Darabont. It is based on the comic book series of the same name by Robert Kirkman, Tony Moore, and Charlie Adlard. The series stars Andrew Lincoln as sheriff's deputy Rick Grimes, who awakens from a coma to find a post-apocalyptic world dominated by flesh-eating zombies. He sets out to find his family and encounters many other survivors along the way.\nThe Walking Dead premiered on October 31, 2010, on the cable television channel AMC in the United States. It premiered internationally during the first week of November 2010 on Fox International Channels. Based on its reception, AMC renewed the series for a second season of 13 episodes, which premiered on October 16, 2011. Two episodes into the second season, AMC announced that the show would return for a third season of 16 episodes, which began airing on October 14, 2012. On December 21, 2012, AMC renewed The Walking Dead for a fourth season of 16 episodes, which premiered on October 13, 2013. On October 29, 2013, AMC renewed it for a fifth season.\nThe series has been well received and has been nominated for many awards, including the Writers Guild of America Award and the Golden Globe Award for Best Television Series – Drama. The series has also attained strong Nielsen ratings, surpassing various records for a cable series, including viewership of 16.1 million for its season four premiere, making it the most-watched drama series telecast in basic cable history.
/m/0fpzwf	Minneapolis, officially the City of Minneapolis, is the county seat of Hennepin County, the largest city in the U.S. state of Minnesota, and the 48th-largest in the United States.\nThe city is abundantly rich in water, with twenty lakes and wetlands, the Mississippi River, creeks and waterfalls, many connected by parkways in the Chain of Lakes and the Grand Rounds National Scenic Byway. It was once the world's flour milling capital and a hub for timber, and today is the primary business center between Chicago and Seattle, with Minneapolis proper containing America's fifth-highest concentration of Fortune 500 companies.\nMinneapolis has cultural organizations that draw creative people and audiences to the city for theater, visual art, writing, and music. The community's diverse population has a long tradition of charitable support through progressive public social programs, VOLAGs, and volunteering, as well as through private and corporate philanthropy.\nAs of 2012, the estimated population of the city of Minneapolis was 392,880. Minneapolis lies on both banks of the Mississippi River, just north of the river's confluence with the Minnesota River, and adjoins Saint Paul, the state's capital. Known as the Twin Cities, Minneapolis–Saint Paul is the 16th-largest metropolitan area in the U.S., with the area containing approximately 3.4 million residents.
/m/016m5c	Judas Priest are an English heavy metal band formed in Birmingham, England in 1969. Known for twin lead guitars, a wide operatic vocal style, and for introducing the S&M leather-and-studs look into heavy metal, they have sold over 50 million albums worldwide. The band is widely recognised as one of the finest and most original heavy metal bands of all time, with many artists within the genre having cited them as a major influence. MTV ranked them the second \"Greatest Metal Band\" of all time.\nAfter an early career as a secondary act dogged by unsympathetic producers and line-up changes, the band found considerable commercial success in the 1980s. In 1989, they were named as defendants in an unsuccessful lawsuit alleging that subliminal messages on their albums had caused the suicide attempts of two young men.\nThe band's membership has seen much turnover, including a revolving cast of drummers in the 1970s, and the temporary departure of singer Rob Halford in the early 1990s. The current line-up consists of lead vocalist Rob Halford, guitarists Glenn Tipton and Richie Faulkner, bassist Ian Hill, and drummer Scott Travis. The band's best-selling album is 1982's Screaming for Vengeance featuring their most commercially successful line-up, Rob Halford, K. K. Downing, Glenn Tipton, Ian Hill, and Dave Holland. The band has been working on a new album, expected to be released sometime in 2014.
/m/01rgn3	Connecticut College is a private liberal arts college located in New London, Connecticut. It was founded in 1911, as Connecticut College for Women, in response to Wesleyan University closing its doors to women in 1909; the college shortened its name to Connecticut College in 1969 when it began admitting men.\nThe College has been continuously accredited since 1932 by the New England Association of Schools and Colleges. It is a member of the New England Small College Athletic Conference, and is considered to be among the group of colleges called the \"Little Ivies\".\nForbes ranked Connecticut College 102nd in its 2013 overall list, and 78th among private colleges. U.S. News and World Report ranked the school 41st among the top liberal arts colleges in 2012.\nConnecticut College's fourth strategic plan introduced the college's new mission statement: \"Connecticut College educates students to put the liberal arts into action as citizens in a global society.\" The college also adopted a set of values statements indicating its commitments to Academic Excellence; Diversity, Equity, and Shared Governance; Education of the Entire Person; Adherence to Common Ethical and Moral Standards; Community Service and Global Citizenship; and Environmental Stewardship.
/m/06khkb	Al Ain Football Club or Al Ain FC or simply Al Ain for a short is a professional association football club based in the city of Al Ain in the United Arab Emirates. It's one of many sport sections of the multi-sports club Al Ain Sports and Cultural Club Al Ain SCC for a short.\nAl Ain won the 2003 AFC Champions League competition with a 2–1 aggregate victory over BEC Tero Sasana of Thailand. It is by far the most successful club in the UAE. The team was established in 1968 in Al Ain. The team quickly gained popularity and recognition throughout the country, being the team with the most tournament titles and the team with the most UAE league titles. Furthermore, the club is the first and only UAE side so far to win the AFC Champions League. On 24 February 2013, at a joint press conference with the Abu Dhabi Ports Company, at the Emirates Palace Hotel in Abu Dhabi, Al Ain FC announced that Khalifa Port would become its official shirt sponsor for the duration of the club's participation in the 2013 AFC Champions League. The agreement would see the Khalifa Port logo emblazoned across the front of team members' shirts during their remaining AFC Champions League ties.
/m/03bnd9	Butler University is a private university located in Indianapolis, Indiana. Founded in 1855 and named after founder Ovid Butler, the university has over 60 major academic fields of study in six colleges: College of Business, College of Communication, College of Education, College of Liberal Arts and Sciences, College of Pharmacy and Health Sciences, and Jordan College of the Arts. It comprises a 295-acre campus located approximately 5 miles from downtown Indianapolis.
/m/02656h	EA Sports is a brand of Electronic Arts that creates and develops sports video games. Formerly a marketing gimmick of Electronic Arts, in which they tried to mimic real-life sports networks by calling themselves \"EA Sports Network\" with pictures or endorsements of real commentators such as John Madden, it soon grew up to become a sub-label on its own, releasing game series such as NBA Live, FIFA, NHL, Madden NFL, and NASCAR. The best selling EA Sports series is the FIFA series with over 100 million units sold.\nMost games under this brand are developed by EA Canada, the studio of Electronic Arts in Burnaby, British Columbia, as well as at EA Blackbox, Vancouver, British Columbia and EA Tiburon in Maitland, Florida. EA Sports mainly competes with 2K Sports.\nEA Sports' motto is It's in the game. This tag line, strategized by Don Transeth, written by Jeff Odiorne and Michael Wilde, and delivered by the voice of EA Sports, Andrew Anthony, has become a cultural rallying cry throughout the sports universe.\nUnlike some other companies, EA Sports has no special ties to a single platform, which means that all games are released for the best-selling active platforms, sometimes long after most other companies abandon them. For example, FIFA 98, Madden NFL 98, NBA Live 98, and NHL 98 were released for the Sega Genesis and the Super NES throughout 1997; Madden NFL 2005 and FIFA 2005 had PlayStation releases in 2004; and NCAA Football 08 had an Xbox release in 2007. Madden NFL 08 also had Xbox and GameCube releases in 2007, and was the final title released for the GameCube, with Madden NFL 09 following as the final Xbox title. Additionally, NASCAR Thunder 2003 and NASCAR Thunder 2004 were released not only for the PlayStation 2, but for the original PlayStation as well. The EA Sports brand name is used to sponsor English Football League Two team Swindon Town F.C. from 2009–10 season onwards and the EA Sports Cup in Republic of Ireland.
/m/0fd3y	Ambient music includes forms of music that put an emphasis on tone and atmosphere over traditional musical structure or rhythm. Ambient music is said to evoke an \"atmospheric\", \"visual\" or \"unobtrusive\" quality. To quote one pioneer, Brian Eno, \"Ambient Music must be able to accommodate many levels of listening attention without enforcing one in particular; it must be as ignorable as it is interesting.\"\nAs a genre it originated in the United Kingdom at a time when new sound-making devices such as the synthesizer, were being introduced to a wider market. Robert Fripp and Brian Eno popularized ambient music in 1972 while experimenting with tape loop techniques. The Orb and Aphex Twin gained commercial success with ambient tracks. Ambient compositions are often quite lengthy, much longer than more popular, commercial forms of music. Some pieces can reach a half an hour or more in length.
/m/01j1n2	Coming of age is a young person's transition from childhood to adulthood. The age at which this transition takes place varies in society, as does the nature of the transition. It can be a simple legal convention or can be part of a ritual, as practiced by many societies. In the past, and in some societies today, such a change is associated with the age of sexual maturity; in others, it is associated with an age of religious responsibility. Particularly in western societies, modern legal conventions which stipulate points in late adolescence or early adulthood are the focus of the transition. In either case, many cultures retain ceremonies to confirm the coming of age, and significant benefits come with the change.\nComing of age is often a topic of fiction. In literature, a novel which deals with coming of age is called a bildungsroman. Similar stories told in film are called coming-of-age films.
/m/07nqn	Her Majesty's Royal Palace and Fortress, more commonly known as the Tower of London, is a historic castle on the north bank of the River Thames in central London. It lies within the London Borough of Tower Hamlets, separated from the eastern edge of the square mile of the City of London by the open space known as Tower Hill. It was founded towards the end of 1066 as part of the Norman Conquest of England. The White Tower, which gives the entire castle its name, was built by William the Conqueror in 1078, and was a resented symbol of oppression, inflicted upon London by the new ruling elite. The castle was used as a prison from 1100 until 1952, although that was not its primary purpose. A grand palace early in its history, it served as a royal residence. As a whole, the Tower is a complex of several buildings set within two concentric rings of defensive walls and a moat. There were several phases of expansion, mainly under Kings Richard the Lionheart, Henry III, and Edward I in the 12th and 13th centuries. The general layout established by the late 13th century remains despite later activity on the site.\nThe Tower of London has played a prominent role in English history. It was besieged several times and controlling it has been important to controlling the country. The Tower has served variously as an armoury, a treasury, a menagerie, the home of the Royal Mint, a public records office, and the home of the Crown Jewels of the United Kingdom. From the early 14th century until the reign of Charles II, a procession would be led from the Tower to Westminster Abbey on the coronation of a monarch. In the absence of the monarch, the Constable of the Tower is in charge of the castle. This was a powerful and trusted position in the medieval period. In the late 15th century the castle was the prison of the Princes in the Tower. Under the Tudors, the Tower became used less as a royal residence, and despite attempts to refortify and repair the castle its defences lagged behind developments to deal with artillery.
/m/0dt645q	Toshio Furukawa is a Japanese voice actor affiliated with Aoni Production and is married to fellow voice actress Shino Kakinuma. In July 2011, Furukawa appeared at Anime Expo as a guest.
/m/016j2t	Randall Hank Williams, better known as Hank Williams, Jr. and Bocephus, is an American country singer-songwriter and musician. His musical style is often considered a blend of Southern rock, blues, and traditional country. He is the son of legendary country music singer Hank Williams and the father of Hank Williams III, Holly Williams, Hilary Williams, Samuel Williams, and Katie Williams.\nWilliams began his career by following in his famed father's footsteps, singing his father's songs and imitating his father's style. Williams's own style slowly evolved as he struggled to find his own voice and place within the country music industry. This trend was interrupted by a near-fatal fall off the side of Ajax Peak in Montana on August 8, 1975. After an extended recovery, he challenged the country music establishment with a blend of country, rock, and blues. Williams enjoyed much success in the 1980s, from which he earned considerable recognition and popularity both inside and outside the country music industry.\nAs a multi-instrumentalist, Williams's repertoire of skills include guitar, bass guitar, upright bass, steel guitar, banjo, dobro, piano, keyboards, harmonica, fiddle, and drums.
/m/023sng	Dilip Kumar is an Indian film actor known as Tragedy King, and described as \"the ultimate method actor\" by Satyajit Ray. He debuted as an actor in the film Jwar Bhata in 1944 produced by Bombay Talkies. His career has spanned over six decades and with over 60 films. He starred in films of a variety of genres such as the romantic Andaz, the swashbuckling Aan, the dramatic Devdas, the comical Azaad, the historical Mughal-e-Azam and the social Ganga Jamuna.\nIn 1976, Dilip Kumar took a five-year break from film performances and returned with a character role in the film Kranti and continued his career playing leading roles in films such as Shakti, Karma and Saudagar. His last film was Qila. Dilip Kumar has acted with actress Vyjayanthimala the most, where they both had acted seven films together including the former's home production Gunga Jamuna resulting in great on-screen chemistry and an alleged affair between them.\nThe Government of India honoured him with the Padma Bhushan award in 1991 and the Dadasaheb Phalke Award in 1994 for his contributions towards Indian cinema and nominated him to Rajya Sabha, the upper house of Indian parliament for a term. He is the first recipient of Filmfare Best Actor Award and still holds the record for the most number of Filmfare awards won for that category with eight wins. Critics acclaimed him among one of the greatest actors in the history of Hindi cinema. In a blog post, Amitabh Bachchan has described Dilip Kumar as the greatest actor ever.
/m/06gbnc	The Welsh people are an ethnic group and nation indigenous to Wales and its language, which was once the predominant language spoken throughout Wales. Its direct ancestor Old British was once spoken throughout most of the British mainland. Whilst Welsh is commonly spoken in parts of Wales, most notably in the northern and western regions, English is the most widely spoken language in the country as a whole.\nThe names \"Wales\" and \"Welsh\" are traced to the Proto-Germanic word \"Walhaz\" meaning \"foreigner\", \"stranger\", \"Roman\", \"Romance-speaker\", or \"Celtic-speaker\" which was used by the ancient Germanic peoples to describe inhabitants of the former Roman Empire, who were largely romanised and spoke Latin or Celtic languages. The same etymological origin is shared by the names of various other Celtic or Latin peoples such as the Wallons and the Vlachs, as well as of the Swiss canton of Valais.\nJohn Davies argues that the origin of the \"Welsh nation\" can be traced to the late 4th and early 5th centuries, following the Roman departure from Britain, although Brythonic Celtic languages seem to have been spoken in Wales far longer. The term Welsh people applies to people from Wales and people of Welsh ancestry perceiving themselves or being perceived as sharing a cultural heritage and shared ancestral origins. Today, Wales is a country that is part of the United Kingdom and the island of Great Britain, and the majority of people living in Wales are British citizens.
/m/0177g	Benito Amilcare Andrea Mussolini was an Italian politician, journalist, and leader of the National Fascist Party, ruling the country as Prime Minister from 1922 until his ousting in 1943. He ruled constitutionally until 1925, when he dropped all pretense of democracy and set up a legal dictatorship. Known as Il Duce, Mussolini was one of the key figures in the creation of fascism.\nOriginally a member of the Italian Socialist Party, Mussolini was expelled from the PSI due to his opposition to the party's stance on neutrality in World War I. Mussolini denounced the PSI, and later founded the fascist movement. Following the March on Rome in October 1922 he became the youngest Prime Minister in Italian history. After destroying all political opposition through his secret police and outlawing labor strikes, Mussolini and his fascist followers consolidated their power through a series of laws that transformed the nation into a one-party dictatorship. Within five years he had established dictatorial authority by both legal and extraordinary means, aspiring to create a totalitarian state. Mussolini remained in power until he was deposed by King Victor Emmanuel III in 1943. A few months later, he became the leader of the Italian Social Republic, a German client regime in northern Italy; he held this post until his death in 1945.
/m/01bfjy	Fuji Television Network, Inc. is a Japanese television station based in Daiba, Minato, Tokyo, Japan, also known as Fuji TV or CX, based on the station's callsign \"JOCX-DTV\". It is the flagship station of the Fuji News Network and the Fuji Network System.\nFuji Television also operates three premium television stations, known as \"Fuji TV One\", \"Fuji TV Two\", and \"Fuji TV Next\", all available in High-definition. It is owned by Fuji Media Holdings, Inc., the holding company of the Fujisankei Communications Group.
/m/03g90h	Babylon 5: The Gathering is the pilot movie of the science fiction television series Babylon 5. The telefilm aired on February 22, 1993. The events in The Gathering took place approximately one year before the events of the first season of the series.
/m/06z6r	Swimming is a water based sport governed by the Fédération Internationale de Natation.
/m/01vswx5	David Howell Evans, more widely known by his stage name The Edge, is an English musician best known as the guitarist, backing vocalist, and keyboardist of the rock band U2. A member of the group since its inception, he has recorded 12 studio albums with the band and has released one solo record. As a guitarist, The Edge has crafted a minimalistic and textural style of playing. His use of a rhythmic delay effect yields a distinctive ambient, chiming sound that has become a signature of U2's music.\nThe Edge was born in Essex, England to a Welsh family, and was raised in Ireland after moving there as an infant. In 1976, at Mount Temple Comprehensive School, he formed U2 with his fellow students and his older brother Dik. Inspired by the ethos of punk rock and its basic arrangements, the group began to write its own material. They eventually became one of the most popular acts in popular music, with successful albums such as 1987's The Joshua Tree and 1991's Achtung Baby. Over the years, The Edge has experimented with various guitar effects and introduced influences from several genres of music into his own style, including American roots music, industrial music, and alternative rock. With U2, The Edge has also played keyboards, co-produced their 1993 record Zooropa, and occasionally contributed lyrics. The Edge met his second and current wife, Morleigh Steinberg, through her collaborations with the band.
/m/0g9k4	Swindon is a large town within the Borough of Swindon and ceremonial county of Wiltshire, in South West England. It is midway between Bristol, 40 miles to the west and Reading, 40 miles to the east. London is 81 miles to the east. In the 2011 census, the population of the built-up area of Swindon was 185,609. The larger borough had a population of 209,000, including the small town of Highworth and village of Wroughton, an increase of 16.2% since 2001.\nSwindon was named an Expanded Town under the Town Development Act 1952 and this led to a major increase in its population. Swindon railway station is on the line from London Paddington to Bristol. Swindon Borough Council, is a unitary authority independent of Wiltshire Council since 1997. Residents of Swindon are known as Swindonians. Swindon is home to the Bodleian Library's book depository, which contains 153 miles of bookshelves.
/m/0n5df	Middlesex County is a county located in Central New Jersey in the United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, its population was 809,858, an increase of 59,696 from the 750,162 enumerated in the 2000 Census, surpassing Essex County to become the second-most populous county in the state. The county is part of the New York metropolitan area, and its county seat is New Brunswick. The center of population of the state of New Jersey is located in Middlesex County, in East Brunswick Township, just east of the New Jersey Turnpike. The 2000 Census showed that the county ranked 63rd in the United States among the highest-income counties by median household. The Bureau of Economic Analysis ranked the county as having the 143rd-highest per capita income of all 3,113 counties in the United States as of 2009.\nThe county was established as of March 7, 1683, as part of the Province of East Jersey and was partitioned as of October 31, 1693, into the townships of Piscataway, Perth Amboy and Woodbridge. Somerset County was established on May 14, 1688, from portions of Middlesex County.\nThe county's first court met in June 1683 in Piscataway, and held session at alternating sites over the next century in Perth Amboy, Piscataway and Woodbridge before relocating permanently to New Brunswick in 1778.
/m/01zlwg6	Redlands is a city in San Bernardino County, California, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city had a population of 68,747, up from 63,591 at the 2000 census. The city is located approximately 10 miles east of downtown San Bernardino.
/m/0b82vw	Leigh Adrian Harline was an Academy Award-winning film composer and songwriter. He was known for his \"musical sophistication that was uniquely \"Harline-esque\" by weaving rich tapestries of mood-setting underscores and penning memorable melodies for animated shorts and features.\"
/m/0177z	Brussels, officially the Brussels-Capital Region, is the capital and largest city of Belgium and the de facto capital of the European Union. It is also the largest urban area in Belgium, comprising 19 municipalities, including the municipality of the City of Brussels, which de jure is the capital of Belgium, in addition to the seat of the French Community of Belgium and of the Flemish Community.\nBrussels has grown from a 10th-century fortress town founded by a descendant of Charlemagne to a sizeable city. The city has a population of 1.2 million and a metropolitan area with a population of over 1.8 million, both of them the largest in Belgium. Since the end of the Second World War, Brussels has been a principal centre for international politics. Hosting principal EU institutions and the headquarters of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, the city has become the home of numerous international organisations, politicians, diplomats and civil servants.\nHistorically Dutch-speaking, Brussels has seen a major shift to French since Belgian independence in 1830. Today, although the majority language is French, the city is officially bilingual. All road signs, street names, and many advertisements and services are shown in both languages. Brussels is increasingly becoming multilingual with increasing numbers of migrants, expatriates and minority groups speaking their own languages.
/m/0mpzm	Travis County is a county located in south central Texas. As of the 2010 census, the population was 1,024,266, making it the fifth most populous county in Texas. The county has gained more than 400,000 residents since 1990. Its county seat is Austin, the capital of Texas. The county is named in honor of William Barret Travis, the commander of the Republic of Texas forces at the Battle of the Alamo. It is located along the Balcones Fault, the boundary between the Edwards Plateau to the west and the Blackland Prairie to the east.\nTravis County is part of the Austin–Round Rock metropolitan area.
/m/03nkts	Matthew Lyn Lillard is an American actor, director and producer. He is well known for his roles as Stu Macher in Scream, Stevo in SLC Punk, and Shaggy Rogers in the Scooby-Doo film series - he has taken over providing the voice of Shaggy in the cartoon series since the reboot Mystery Incorporated. Lillard made a dramatic turn in Alexander Payne's critically acclaimed comedy-drama The Descendants.
/m/05wqr1	William Sanderson is an American character actor.
/m/0837ql	Faheem Rasheed Najm, better known by his stage name T-Pain, is an American singer-songwriter, rapper, record producer, and actor. His debut album, Rappa Ternt Sanga, was released in 2005. In 2007, T-Pain released his second studio album Epiphany, which reached number one on the Billboard 200. His third studio album, Thr33 Ringz, was released in 2008. T-Pain has earned two Grammy Awards alongside artists Kanye West and Jamie Foxx.\nT-Pain is the founder of the record label Nappy Boy Entertainment, established in 2005. Throughout his career as a singer, T-Pain is known for using and popularizing the Auto-Tune pitch correction effect. Throughout the years of 2006-10 T-Pain was featured on more than 50 chart topping singles, his most successful feature to date was in Flo Rida's debut single \"Low\" which has since been certified 6x Platinum.
/m/0fv_t	Columbia is the state capital and largest city in the State of South Carolina. The population was 129,272 according to the 2010 census. The 2012 United States Census estimates put the city at 131,686. Columbia is the county seat of Richland County, but a portion of the city extends into neighboring Lexington County. The city is the center of a metropolitan statistical area of 784,745, the second-largest within the state. The name \"Columbia\" was a poetic term for the Americas derived from Christopher Columbus.\nLocated 13 miles northwest of South Carolina's geographic center, Columbia is the primary city of the Midlands region of South Carolina, which comprises several counties in the central portion of the state. The city lies at the confluence of two rivers, the Saluda and the Broad, which merge at Columbia to form the Congaree River, which is popular with paddlers and kayakers in the area. The state's flagship and largest university, the University of South Carolina, is located in Columbia. Historically, the city was the location of the South Carolina Secession Convention, which marked the departure of the first state from the Union in the events leading up to the Civil War.
/m/0h95b81	Top Chef is an American reality competition show on the cable television network Bravo, that first aired in 2006, in which chefs compete against each other in culinary challenges. They are judged by a panel of professional chefs and other notables from the food and wine industry with one or more contestants eliminated in each episode. The show is produced by Magical Elves Productions, the same company that created Project Runway.\nNine international adaptations of Top Chef have been produced, two of which, the Franco-Belgian Top Chef and the Dutch Topchef, have had four seasons each. In the United States, the show has had two spin-offs: Top Chef: Masters, featuring established, award-winning chefs, and Top Chef: Just Desserts, featuring pastry chefs. One more spin-off is planned: Top Chef Junior, featuring contestants in their early teens.\nThe eleventh season of the series is set in New Orleans, Louisiana, and premiered October 2, 2013. On January 30, 2014, Top Chef was renewed for a twelfth season that will premiere in late 2014.
/m/02ktrs	Jennifer Kate Hudson is an American recording artist, actress and spokesperson. She rose to fame in 2004 as a finalist on the third season of American Idol, coming in seventh place. She made her film debut in Dreamgirls, which won her an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress, a Golden Globe Award, a BAFTA Award, an NAACP Image Award and a Screen Actors Guild Award.\nShe won a Grammy Award for her eponymous debut album, Jennifer Hudson, which was released in 2008 on Arista Records and was certified gold by the RIAA for selling over 800,000 copies in the US; with sales exceeding 1 million copies worldwide. Additionally, it spawned the hit single \"Spotlight\". Her second album, I Remember Me, was released in March 2011, and reached number two on the Billboard 200, selling 165,000 copies in its first week of release. The album was certified gold by the RIAA, for shipping over 500,000 copies in the US.\nIn October 2008, after Hudson's mother, brother and nephew were killed in a shooting, Hudson stepped out of the public eye for three months. Hudson resumed her public appearances in 2009 and has since performed at the Super Bowl XLIII, the Grammy Awards, American Idol, and The Oprah Winfrey Show. Hudson has been described as a friend of President Barack Obama, who invited her to appear with him at a fundraiser in Beverly Hills in May 2009. She also performed at the White House at the \"Celebration of Music from the Civil Rights Movement\" event. Her vocal range is mezzo-soprano. Hudson has sold 1,280,000 albums and 2,237,000 tracks in the United States as of February 2012. In 2013, she received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
/m/04f0xq	Merck & Co., Inc., d.b.a. Merck Sharp & Dohme, MSD outside the United States and Canada, is an American pharmaceutical company and is one of the largest pharmaceutical companies in the world. Merck headquarters is currently located in Whitehouse Station, New Jersey, though in 2013 the company announced it would be relocating to Kenilworth, New Jersey by 2015. The company was established in 1891 as the United States subsidiary of the German company now known as Merck KGaA. Merck & Co. was confiscated by the US government during World War I and subsequently established as an independent American company. It is currently one of the world's seven largest pharmaceutical companies by market capitalization and revenue.\nMerck also publishes The Merck Manuals, a series of medical reference books for physicians, nurses, and technicians. These include the Merck Manual of Diagnosis and Therapy, the world's best-selling medical textbook, and the Merck Index, a compendium of chemical compounds.\nIn 2012 the company received the \"Facility of the Year\"-Category Winner for Facility Integration Award for the Vaccine Bulk Manufacturing Facility Program of Projects in Durham, North Carolina, USA.
/m/071rlr	Liga Deportiva Universitaria de Quito —often referred to as LDU Quito, or simply Liga de Quito— is an Ecuadorian professional football club based in Quito. They play in the Serie A, the highest level of the Ecuadorian professional football league. They play their home games at the Estadio de Liga Deportiva Universitaria, more commonly referred to as Casa Blanca. Rival clubs include Quito-based clubs Aucas, Deportivo Quito, El Nacional, and Universidad Católica, as well as Guayaquil-based clubs Barcelona and Emelec.\nLiga de Quito has its roots in the semi-pro sports teams at the Central University of Ecuador, and was officially founded in 1930. They began making an impact in the provincial leagues, winning nine Pichincha titles. Their provincial success continued into the national league, where they have won ten national title having won their most recent title in 2010; they also have two Serie B titles They are the most successful Ecuadorian club in international competitions, where they were the first Ecuadorian club to win the Copa Libertadores, the Copa Sudamericana, and the Recopa Sudamericana. They are the most successful team on the Pacific coast in international competition and one of only five teams —Boca Juniors, Independiente, Internacional and São Paulo being the other four— to have achieved the CONMEBOL treble, winning all three continental club tournaments. LDU Quito is the only team to win all three mentioned cups one after another between the years 2008 to 2010 causing them to be rated as the best South American team of 2008 and 2009. LDU Quito was additionally the runner-up at the 2008 FIFA Club World Cup.
/m/0bbxx9b	Randy Thom is a sound designer, and is the current Director of Sound Design at Skywalker Sound.\nHe has worked on many award winning films including Star Wars Episodes V & VI, Temple of Doom, and the second and fourth Harry Potter films.
/m/0jrv_	Thrash metal is a sub-genre of heavy metal that is characterized most typically by its fast tempo and aggression. Thrash metal songs typically use fast percussive beats and fast, low-register guitar riffs, overlaid with shredding-style lead work. Lyrically, thrash metal songs often deal with social issues and reproach for The Establishment, often using direct and denunciatory language, an approach which partially overlaps with the hardcore genre.\nThrash metal's \"Big Four\", the four bands widely regarded as the genre's most successful and influential acts, are Metallica, Slayer, Megadeth, and Anthrax due to their status as pioneers of the genre in the 1980s. Some common characteristics of thrash metal are fast guitar riffs with aggressive picking styles and fast guitar solos, and extensive use of two bass drums as opposed to the conventional use of only one, typical of most rock music.\nThe origins of thrash metal are generally traced to the late 1970s and early 1980s, when a number of predominantly American bands began fusing elements of the New Wave of British Heavy Metal with the speed and aggression of hardcore punk. Thrash metal is more aggressive compared to its relative, speed metal, and is thought to have emerged at least in part as a reaction to the more conventional and widely acceptable sounds and themes of glam metal, a less aggressive, pop music-infused heavy metal sub-genre which emerged simultaneously.
/m/015ppk	NYPD Blue is an American television police drama set in New York City, exploring the internal and external struggles of the fictional 15th precinct of Manhattan. Each episode typically intertwined several plots involving an ensemble cast.\nThe show was created by Steven Bochco and David Milch and was inspired by Milch's relationship with Bill Clark, a former member of the New York City Police Department who eventually became one of the show's producers. The series was originally broadcast on the ABC network, debut on September 21, 1993‚ and airing its final episode on March 1, 2005. It remains ABC's longest-running primetime one-hour drama series.\nIn 1997, \"True Confessions\", written by Art Monterastelli and directed by Charles Haid was ranked #36 on TV Guide's 100 Greatest Episodes of All Time. In 2009, TV Guide ranked Hearts and Souls, Jimmy Smits' final episode written by Steven Bochco, David Milch, Bill Clark, and Nicholas Wootton and directed by Paris Barclay, #30 on TV Guide's 100 Greatest Episodes of All Time.
/m/032_jg	Caleb Casey McGuire Affleck-Boldt, is an American actor and film director. Throughout the 1990s and early 2000s, he played supporting roles in mainstream hits like Good Will Hunting and Ocean's Eleven as well as in critically acclaimed independent films such as Chasing Amy. He is the younger brother of actor and director Ben Affleck, with whom he has frequently collaborated professionally. In 2007, his breakout year, Affleck gained recognition and critical acclaim for his work in Gone Baby Gone and The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford, for which he received an Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actor. He also received critical acclaim for his performance in Out of the Furnace.
/m/09n5b9	Secretary of State is an official in the state governments of 47 of the 50 states of the United States, as well as Puerto Rico and other U.S. possessions. In Massachusetts, Pennsylvania, and Virginia, this official is called the Secretary of the Commonwealth. In the states of Alaska, Hawaii, and Utah, there is no Secretary of State; in those states many duties that a Secretary of State might normally execute fall within the domain of the Lieutenant Governor. Like the Lieutenant Governor, in most states the Secretary of State is in the line of succession to succeed the governor, in most cases immediately behind the Lieutenant Governor. In three states with no Lieutenant Governor; Arizona, Oregon and Wyoming, as well as the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico, the Secretary of State is first in the line of succession in the event of a gubernatorial vacancy.\nCurrently, in 35 states, such as California, Illinois, and Mississippi, the Secretary of State is elected, usually for a four-year term. In others, the Secretary of State is appointed by the governor; Florida, Oklahoma, and Texas are amongst the states with this practice. In three states, the Secretary of State is elected by the state legislature; the General Assembly of Tennessee meets in joint convention to elect the Secretary of State to a four-year term, and the Maine Legislature and New Hampshire General Court also select their Secretaries of State, but to two-year terms. The longest serving state Secretary of State in history was Thad A. Eure of North Carolina, who served from 1936 until 1989.
/m/0r04p	Culver City is a city in western Los Angeles County, California. As of the 2010 census, the city had a population of 38,883. It is mostly surrounded by the city of Los Angeles, but also shares a border with unincorporated areas of Los Angeles County. Over the years, considering its incorporated status, over forty annexations of adjoining areas have occurred. As a result the city now comprises approximately five square miles.\nSince the 1920s, Culver City has been a significant center for motion picture and later television production, in part because it was the home of MGM Studios. It was also the headquarters for the Hughes Aircraft Company from 1932 to 1985. National Public Radio West and Sony Pictures Entertainment now have headquarters in the city. The NFL Network studio is also based in Culver City.
/m/045c66	Aidan Quinn is an Irish-American actor. He made his film debut in 1984 in Reckless. His films include Desperately Seeking Susan, The Mission, Stakeout, Benny and Joon, Legends of the Fall, Frankenstein, and Michael Collins.\nHe currently plays Captain Thomas \"Tommy\" Gregson in the CBS television series Elementary.
/m/037q31	When We Were Kings is a 1996 documentary film directed by Leon Gast about the famous \"Rumble in the Jungle\" heavyweight championship match between Muhammad Ali and George Foreman. The fight was held in Zaire on October 30, 1974.\nThe film features a number of celebrities, including James Brown, Jim Brown, B.B. King, Norman Mailer, George Plimpton, Spike Lee and Thomas Hauser.\nWhen We Were Kings was released in 1996 to strong reviews, and won the 1996 Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
/m/0mz2	Alternate history or alternative reality is a genre of fiction consisting of stories that are set in worlds in which one or more historical events unfolds differently than it did in the real world. It can be variously seen as a sub-genre of literary fiction, science fiction, and historical fiction; different alternate history works may use tropes from any or all of these genres. It is sometimes abbreviated AH. Another occasionally used term for the genre is \"allohistory\". See also Fictional universe.\nSince the 1950s, this type of fiction has to a large extent merged with science fictional tropes involving cross-time travel between alternate histories or psychic awareness of the existence of \"our\" universe by the people in another; or ordinary voyaging uptime or downtime that results in history splitting into two or more time-lines. Cross-time, time-splitting, and alternate history themes have become so closely interwoven that it is impossible to discuss them fully apart from one another. \"Alternate History\" looks at \"what if\" scenarios from some of history's most pivotal turning points and presents a completely different version, sometimes based on science and fact, but often based on conjecture. The exploration of how the world would look today if various changes occurred and what these alternate worlds would be like forms the basis of this vast subject matter.
/m/0l_qt	Kenai Peninsula Borough is a borough of the U.S. state of Alaska with a population of 55,400 as of the 2010 census. The borough seat is Soldotna, its third-largest incorporated community. Its two largest cities are Kenai and Homer. The borough includes the Kenai Peninsula and adjacent areas of the mainland of Alaska.
/m/02ljhg	Tombstone is a 1993 American Western directed by George P. Cosmatos, written by Kevin Jarre and starring Kurt Russell and Val Kilmer, with Sam Elliott, Bill Paxton, Powers Boothe, Michael Biehn, and Dana Delany, in supporting roles, as well as a narration by Robert Mitchum.\nThe film is based on events in Tombstone, Arizona, including the Gunfight at the O.K. Corral and the Earp Vendetta Ride, during the 1880s. It depicts a number of western outlaws and lawmen, such as Wyatt Earp, William Brocius, Johnny Ringo, and Doc Holliday.\nTombstone premiered in theaters in wide release in the United States on December 24, 1993, grossing $56,505,065 in domestic ticket sales. The film was a financial success, and for the Western genre it ranks number 14 in the list of highest grossing films since 1979. Critical reception was generally positive, but the film failed to garner award nominations for production merits or acting from any mainstream motion picture organizations.
/m/03jxw	Herman Melville was an American novelist, poet, and writer of short stories. His contributions to the Western canon are the whaling novel Moby-Dick; the short work Bartleby, the Scrivener about a clerk in a Wall Street office; the slave ship narrative Benito Cereno; and Billy Budd, Sailor, left unfinished at his death and published in 1924.\nAround his twentieth year he was a schoolteacher for a short time, then became a seaman when his father met business reversals. On his first voyage he jumped ship in the Marquesas Islands, where he lived for a time. His first book, an account of that time, Typee, became a bestseller and Melville became known as the \"man who lived among the cannibals.\" After literary success in the late 1840s, the public indifference to Moby-Dick put an end to his career as a popular author. During his later decades, Melville worked at the New York Customs House and published volumes of poetry which are now esteemed but were not read in his lifetime.\nWhen he died in 1891, Melville was almost completely forgotten. It was not until the \"Melville Revival\" in the early 20th century that his work won recognition, especially Moby-Dick, which was hailed as one of the literary masterpieces of American and world literature. He was the first writer to have his works collected and published by the Library of America.
/m/09gq0x5	The King's Speech is a 2010 British epic historical drama film directed by Tom Hooper and written by David Seidler. Colin Firth plays King George VI who, to cope with a stammer, sees Lionel Logue, an Australian speech and language therapist played by Geoffrey Rush. The men become friends as they work together, and after his brother abdicates the throne, the new King relies on Logue to help him make his first wartime radio broadcast on Britain's declaration of war on Germany in 1939.\nSeidler read about George VI's life after overcoming a stuttering condition he endured during his youth. He started writing about the relationship between the monarch and his therapist as early as the 1980s, but at the request of the King's widow, Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother, postponed work until her death in 2002. He later rewrote his screenplay for the stage to focus on the essential relationship between the two protagonists. Nine weeks before filming began, Logue's notebooks were discovered and quotations from them were incorporated into the script.\nPrincipal photography took place in London and around Britain from November 2009 to January 2010. The opening scenes were filmed at Elland Road, Leeds and Odsal Stadium, Bradford, both locations standing in for the old Wembley Stadium. For indoor scenes, Lancaster House substituted for Buckingham Palace, and Ely Cathedral stood in for Westminster Abbey, while the weaving mill scene was filmed at the Queen Street Mill in Burnley. The cinematography differs from that of other historical dramas: hard light was used to give the story a greater resonance and wider than normal lenses were employed to recreate the King's feelings of constriction. A third technique Hooper employed was the off-centre framing of characters: in his first consultation with Logue, George VI is captured hunched on the side of a couch at the edge of the frame.
/m/016ghw	Sir Alexander Korda was a Hungarian-born British film producer and director. He worked in Hollywood the first time during the transition to \"talkies\", from 1926 to 1930. The change led to divorce from his first wife, a popular Hungarian actress who could not make the transition because of her strong accent in English.\nFrom 1930, Korda became a leading figure in the British film industry, the founder of London Films and the owner of British Lion Films, a film distributing company.
/m/0fs9jn	Stephen McHattie (born Stephen McHattie Smith; February 3, 1947) is a Canadian actor. McHattie was born in Antigonish, Nova Scotia. A graduate of the American Academy of Dramatic Arts, he has appeared in many films and television shows including Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, Star Trek: Enterprise, Highlander: The Series, and American Playhouse's Life Under Water (1989). His roles include 300, A History of Violence, The Fountain, Secretary, Shoot 'Em Up, Life with Billy, One Dead Indian, Beverly Hills Cop III.
/m/02lxrv	Ed Wood is a 1994 American comedy-drama biopic directed and produced by Tim Burton, and starring Johnny Depp as cult filmmaker Ed Wood. The film concerns the period in Wood's life when he made his best-known films as well as his relationship with actor Bela Lugosi, played by Martin Landau. Sarah Jessica Parker, Patricia Arquette, Jeffrey Jones, Lisa Marie, and Bill Murray are among the supporting cast.\nThe film was conceived by writers Scott Alexander and Larry Karaszewski when they were students at the USC School of Cinematic Arts. Irritated at being thought of solely as writers for family films with their work on Problem Child and its sequel, Alexander and Karaszewski struck a deal with Burton and Denise Di Novi to produce the Ed Wood biopic, and Michael Lehmann as director. Due to scheduling conflicts with Airheads, Lehmann had to vacate the director's position, which was taken over by Burton.\nEd Wood was originally in development at Columbia Pictures, but the studio put the film in 'turnaround' over Burton's decision to shoot in black-and-white. Ed Wood was taken to the Walt Disney Studios, who released the film under their Touchstone Pictures banner. The film was released to huge critical acclaim, but it would prove to be a box office disappointment, making only $5.9 million against an $18 million budget. It won two Academy Awards: Best Supporting Actor for Landau and Best Makeup for Rick Baker, Ve Neill and Yolanda Toussieng.
/m/0cq7tx	The Sound of Music is a 1965 American musical film directed and produced by Robert Wise and starring Julie Andrews and Christopher Plummer. The film is derived from the Broadway musical The Sound of Music, with songs written by Richard Rodgers and Oscar Hammerstein II, the musical book written by the writing team of Howard Lindsay and Russel Crouse, and the screenplay written by Ernest Lehman. Based on the book The Story of the Trapp Family Singers by Maria von Trapp, the film is about a young woman who leaves an Austrian convent to become a governess to the seven children of a naval officer widower. The Sound of Music contains several popular songs, including \"Edelweiss\", \"My Favorite Things\", \"Climb Ev'ry Mountain\", \"Do-Re-Mi\", \"Sixteen Going on Seventeen\", \"The Lonely Goatherd\", and the title song, \"The Sound of Music\".\nThe Sound of Music was filmed on location in Salzburg, Austria; the state of Bavaria in Germany; and at the 20th Century Fox studios in California, United States. It was photographed in the 70mm Todd-AO format by Ted D. McCord. The film won five Academy Awards including Best Picture and displaced Gone with the Wind as the highest-grossing film of all-time. The cast album was also nominated for a Grammy Award for Album of the Year.
/m/04rjg	Mathematics is the abstract study of topics such as quantity, structure, space, and change. There is a range of views among mathematicians and philosophers as to the exact scope and definition of mathematics.\nMathematicians seek out patterns and use them to formulate new conjectures. Mathematicians resolve the truth or falsity of conjectures by mathematical proof. When mathematical structures are good models of real phenomena, then mathematical reasoning can provide insight or predictions about nature. Through the use of abstraction and logic, mathematics developed from counting, calculation, measurement, and the systematic study of the shapes and motions of physical objects. Practical mathematics has been a human activity for as far back as written records exist. The research required to solve mathematical problems can take years or even centuries of sustained inquiry.\nRigorous arguments first appeared in Greek mathematics, most notably in Euclid's Elements. Since the pioneering work of Giuseppe Peano, David Hilbert, and others on axiomatic systems in the late 19th century, it has become customary to view mathematical research as establishing truth by rigorous deduction from appropriately chosen axioms and definitions. Mathematics developed at a relatively slow pace until the Renaissance, when mathematical innovations interacting with new scientific discoveries led to a rapid increase in the rate of mathematical discovery that has continued to the present day.
/m/03fbc	Gorillaz is an English musical and visual project created in 1998 by Damon Albarn and Jamie Hewlett. The project consists of Gorillaz music itself and an extensive fictional universe depicting a \"virtual band\" of cartoon characters. This band has four animated members: 2D, Murdoc Niccals, Noodle and Russel Hobbs. Their fictional universe is explored through the band's website and music videos, as well as a number of other media, such as short cartoons. The music is a collaboration between various musicians, with Albarn being the only permanent musical contributor.\nThe band's 2001 debut album Gorillaz sold over seven million copies and earned them an entry in the Guinness Book of World Records as the Most Successful Virtual Band. It was nominated for the Mercury Prize in 2001, but the nomination was later withdrawn at the band's request. The video for Clint Eastwood was also included as an easter egg in the PlayStation 2 video game MTV Music Generator 2 in May 2001. Their second studio album, Demon Days, released in 2005, went five times platinum in the UK, double platinum in the United States, earned five Grammy Award nominations for 2006 and won one of them in the Best Pop Collaboration with Vocals category. The band has won numerous other awards, including two MTV Video Music Awards, an NME Award, three MTV Europe Music Awards, and have been nominated for nine Brit Awards. The combined sales of the Gorillaz and Demon Days albums had exceeded 15 million by 2007. The band's third studio album, Plastic Beach, was released in March 2010. Their latest album, The Fall, was released in December 2010 as a free download for fan club members, then in April 2011 as a physical release. Their style is experimental and a composition of multiple musical genres, with a large number of influences including alternative, rock, hip hop, electronica, dub, reggae and pop.
/m/02f705	The MTV Video Music Award for Best New Artist is one of the four original general categories that have been given out since the first annual MTV Video Music Awards in 1984. From then to 2006, the award was named Best New Artist in a Video; in 2007 its name was changed to Best New Artist, as the category underwent a format change to award the artist's body of work for the full year rather than a specific video. For the 2008 ceremony, though, while the award retained its 2007 name, it returned to the format of awarding a specific video rather than the artist's full body of work. The category was later renamed Artist to Watch for the 2013 ceremony while still keeping the format of an award going to a certain video. This award is often poked fun at as the \"Death Award\", as it represented the peak of some winners' careers. Five artists who won the award were technically ineligible since the winning song did not come off of their respective debut records. Justin Bieber is the youngest artist so far to win this award or any Video Music Award at the age of 16. Only three artists have won the VMA for Best New Artist and also the Grammy Award for Best New Artist: Alicia Keys, Hootie & The Blowfish and Maroon 5.
/m/05z775	Kari K. Wahlgren is an American actress who has provided English language voices for dozens of cartoons, anime titles and video games.\nKari was also a guest on Wil Wheaton's web-series, Tabletop.
/m/01n4bh	Acid jazz, also known as club jazz, is a musical genre that combines elements of jazz, soul, funk, disco and hip-hop. Acid jazz originated in the London club scene of the mid-1980s in the rare groove movement and spread to the US, Eastern Europe and Brazil. Major acts included Brand New Heavies, Incognito and Us3 from the UK and A Tribe Called Quest, Buckshot LeFonque and Digable Planets from the US. The rise of electronic club music in the mid to late 1990s led to a decline in interest and in the twenty-first century the movement became indistinct as a genre. Many acts that might have been defined as acid jazz are now seen as jazz funk, neo soul or jazz rap.
/m/06bss	Robert Carlyle Byrd was a United States Senator from West Virginia. A member of the Democratic Party, Byrd served as a U.S. Representative from 1953 until 1959 and as a U.S. Senator from 1959 to 2010. He was the longest-serving U.S. Senator and, at the time of his death, the longest-serving member in the history of the United States Congress. Byrd, however, still holds the record as the longest-serving member of Congress to serve in both houses.\nInitially elected to the United States House of Representatives in 1952, Byrd served there for six years before being elected to the Senate in 1958. He rose to become one of the Senate's most powerful members, serving as secretary of the Senate Democratic Caucus from 1967 to 1971 and—after defeating his longtime colleague, Ted Kennedy—as Senate Majority Whip from 1971 to 1977. Byrd led the Democratic caucus as Senate Majority Leader from 1977 to 1981 and 1987 to 1989, and as Senate Minority Leader from 1981 to 1987. From 1989 to 2010 he served as the President pro tempore of the United States Senate when the Democratic Party had a majority, and as President pro tempore emeritus during periods of Republican majority beginning in 2001. As President pro tempore, he was third in the line of presidential succession, behind the Vice President and the Speaker of the House of Representatives. He also served as the Chairman of the United States Senate Committee on Appropriations from 1989 to 1995, 2001 to 2003, and 2007 to 2009, giving him extraordinary influence over federal spending.
/m/019kn7	The Japanese people are an ethnic group native to Japan. Japanese make up 98.5% of the total population. Worldwide, approximately 130 million people are of Japanese descent; of these, approximately 127 million are residents of Japan. People of Japanese ancestry who live in other countries are referred to as nikkeijin. The term ethnic Japanese may also be used in some contexts to refer to a locus of ethnic groups including the Yamato, Ainu, and Ryukyuan people.
/m/03y0pn	Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest is a 2006 American fantasy adventure film and the second film of the Pirates of the Caribbean film series, following Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl. It was directed by Gore Verbinski, written by Ted Elliott and Terry Rossio, and produced by Jerry Bruckheimer. In the film, the marriage of Will Turner and Elizabeth Swann is interrupted by Lord Cutler Beckett, who wants Turner to acquire the compass of Captain Jack Sparrow in a bid to find the Dead Man's Chest. Sparrow discovers his debt to Davy Jones is due.\nTwo sequels to Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl were conceived in 2004, with Elliott and Rossio developing a story arc that would span both films. Filming took place from February to September 2005 in Palos Verdes, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Dominica, and The Bahamas, as well as on sets constructed at Walt Disney Studios. It was shot back-to-back with the third film of the series, Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End.\nPirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest was released in the United States on July 7, 2006. The film received mixed to positive reviews, with praise for its special effects and criticism for its plot and running time. Despite this, it set several records in its first three days, with an opening weekend of $136 million in the United States, and it was, at the time, the fastest film ever to gross over $1 billion in the worldwide box office. As of May 2013, it ranks as the 10th highest-grossing film of all time worldwide and held the record as the highest-grossing film released by the Walt Disney Studios for nearly six years until it was surpassed by The Avengers. The film received Academy Award nominations for Best Art Direction, Sound Editing, Sound Mixing, and won the Academy Award for Visual Effects.
/m/0sl2w	Muncie is a city in Center Township and the county seat of Delaware County in east central Indiana. As of the 2010 Census, the city's population was 70,085. It is the principal city of the Muncie, Indiana, Metropolitan Statistical Area, which has a population of 118,769.\nMuncie is the home of Ball State University and the Ball Corporation and the birthplace of the comic strip Garfield. Thanks to the Middletown studies first conducted in the 1920s, it is said to be one of the most studied U.S. cities of its size.
/m/0nr2v	Basilicata, also known as Lucania, is a region in the south of Italy, bordering on Campania to the west, Apulia to the north and east, and Calabria to the south, having one short southwestern coastline on the Tyrrhenian Sea between Campania in the northwest and Calabria in the southwest, and a longer one to the southeast on the Gulf of Taranto on the Ionian Sea between Calabria in the southwest and Apulia in the northeast. The region can be thought of as the \"instep\" of Italy, with Calabria functioning as the \"toe\" and Apulia the \"heel\". The region covers about 10,000 km² and in 2010 had a population slightly under 600,000. The regional capital is Potenza. The region is divided into two provinces: Potenza and Matera.
/m/045qmr	Digimon Adventure, known in North America as the first season of Digimon: Digital Monsters, is a Japanese anime television series created by Akiyoshi Hongo and produced by Toei Animation in cooperation with Bandai and Fuji Television. It is the first anime installment in the Digimon media franchise, based on the virtual pet of the same name. The series aired in Japan between March 7, 1999 and March 26, 2000. An English-language version produced by Saban Entertainment aired in North America between August 1999 and June 2000. A video game adaptation of the series by Prope was released for PlayStation Portable on January 17, 2013. The series was followed by Digimon Adventure 02, which takes place three years after the events of Adventure. It was confirmed by a promo on Nicktoons that Digimon would begin to air on Nicktoons on June 10, 2013 and was later confirmed on their Facebook page. Digimon Adventure 01 & 02, Digimon Tamers and Digimon Frontier were dubbed into Arabic and aired on Spacetoon.
/m/03x45p	Dnipropetrovsk or Dnepropetrovsk, formerly Yekaterinoslav is Ukraine's fourth largest city, with about one million inhabitants. It is located southeast of Ukraine's capital Kiev on the Dnieper River, in the south-central part of the country. Dnipropetrovsk is the administrative centre of the Dnipropetrovsk Oblast.\nWithin the Dnipropetrovsk Metropolitan area the population is about 1,004,000 to 1,360,000 people.\nA vital industrial centre of Ukraine, Dnipropetrovsk was one of the key centres of the nuclear, arms, and space industries of the Soviet Union. In particular, it is home to the Yuzhmash, a major space and ballistic missile design bureau and manufacturer. Because of its military industry, Dnipropetrovsk was a closed city until the 1990s.\nDnipropetrovsk is a powerhouse of Ukraine's business and politics as the native city for many country's top-importance figures. Ukraine's politics is still defined by the legacy of Leonid Kuchma, Pavlo Lazarenko and Yuliya Tymoshenko whose intermingled careers started in Dnipropetrovsk.
/m/017959	Dire Straits were a British rock band, formed in 1977 by Mark Knopfler, his younger brother David Knopfler, John Illsley, and Pick Withers. Dire Straits' sound drew from a variety of musical influences, including jazz, folk, blues, and came closest to beat music within the context of rock and roll. Despite the prominence of punk rock during the band's early years, the band's stripped-down sound contrasted with punk, demonstrating a more \"rootsy\" influence that emerged from pub rock. Many of Dire Straits' compositions were melancholic. Dire Straits' biggest selling album, Brothers in Arms, has sold over 30 million copies.\nThey also became one of the world's most commercially successful bands, with worldwide album sales of over 120 million. Dire Straits won numerous music awards during their career, including four Grammy Awards, three Brit Awards—winning Best British Group twice, and two MTV Video Music Awards. The band's most popular songs include \"Sultans of Swing\", \"Lady Writer\", \"Romeo and Juliet\", \"Tunnel of Love\", \"Telegraph Road\", \"Private Investigations\", \"Money for Nothing\", \"Walk of Life\", \"So Far Away\", \"Your Latest Trick\" and \"Brothers in Arms\".
/m/0crlz	Water polo is a team water sport. The game consists of 4 quarters in which the two teams attempt to score goals by throwing the ball into their opposition's goal, with the team that scores the most goals winning the game. A team consists of 6 field players and one goalkeeper in the water at any one time. In addition to this, teams may have substitute players, including up to one substitute goalkeeper. Water polo is a very violent and aggressive sport, meaning that minor fouls occur frequently and exclusion fouls are also common. It is played in an all-deep pool meaning that players need considerable stamina and endurance to play the game.\nSome specialist equipment is needed for water polo such as a water polo ball, a ball which floats on the water made from nylon; water polo caps and water polo goals, which are either floating goals or wall-mounted goals which attach to the side of the swimming pool.\nIn its simplest form, the game consists of swimming, treading water, throwing and catching the ball and shooting using a single hand. Unlike many other team sports, such as association football, players do not tend to be only an offensive or defensive player, but rather play as either of these positions depending on where the ball is.
/m/038723	Greek Americans are Americans of Greek descent also described as Hellenic descent. According to the 2007 U.S. Census Bureau estimation, there were 1,380,088 people of Greek ancestry in the United States, while the State Department mentions that around 3,000,000 Americans claim to be of Greek descent. In addition, the 2000 census revealed that Greek was spoken at home by 365,436 people older than five. Greek Americans have a heavy concentration in the New York City metropolitan area, Chicago, Detroit, Tampa, Boston, Baltimore, Houston, Dallas, and Cleveland. Tarpon Springs, Florida is also home to a large Greek American community and the highest concentration of Greek-Americans in the country. The United States is home to the largest overseas Greek community, ahead of Cyprus and the United Kingdom, which despite having a Greek population of less than 1 million has a larger percentage of Greeks than the US.
/m/07jmnh	Kulbhushan Kharbanda is an Indian actor, who worked in Hindi and Punjabi films. He is better known for his role as antagonist Shakaal in Shaan inspired by the character of Blofeld from James Bond movies. Starting with Delhi-based theatre group Yatrik in the 1960s, he moved to films with Sai Paranjpye's Jadu Ka Shankh in 1974, he worked in several parallel cinema films, before working in mainstream Bollywood. He later appeared in Mahesh Bhatt's classic, Arth, Ek Chadar Maili Si, and in all three parts of Deepa Mehta's Elements trilogy, Fire, Earth, and Water. After nearly two decades he was seen on the theatre stage in Padatik Theatre, Kolkata's production, Atmakatha, directed by Vinay Sharma.
/m/0pybl	Expressionism was a modernist movement, initially in poetry and painting, originating in Germany at the beginning of the 20th century. Its typical trait is to present the world solely from a subjective perspective, distorting it radically for emotional effect in order to evoke moods or ideas. Expressionist artists sought to express meaning or emotional experience rather than physical reality.\nExpressionism was developed as an avant-garde style before the First World War. It remained popular during the Weimar Republic, particularly in Berlin. The style extended to a wide range of the arts, including expressionist architecture, painting, literature, theatre, dance, film and music.\nThe term is sometimes suggestive of angst. In a general sense, painters such as Matthias Grünewald and El Greco are sometimes termed expressionist, though in practice the term is applied mainly to 20th-century works. The Expressionist emphasis on individual perspective has been characterized as a reaction to positivism and other artistic styles such as Naturalism and Impressionism.
/m/03n93	Howard Robard Hughes, Jr. was an American business magnate, investor, aviator, aerospace engineer, film maker and philanthropist. He was one of the wealthiest people in the world. As a maverick film producer, Hughes gained prominence in Hollywood from the late 1920s, making big-budget and often controversial films like The Racket, Hell's Angels, Scarface, and The Outlaw.\nHughes was one of the most influential aviators in history: he set multiple world air speed records, built the Hughes H-1 Racer and H-4 \"Hercules\", and acquired and expanded Trans World Airlines, which later merged with American Airlines. Hughes is also remembered for his eccentric behavior and reclusive lifestyle in later life, caused in part by a worsening obsessive–compulsive disorder and chronic pain. His legacy is maintained through the Howard Hughes Medical Institute.
/m/03lrht	The Cable Guy is a 1996 American dark comedy film, directed by Ben Stiller, and starring Jim Carrey and Matthew Broderick. It was released in North America on June 14, 1996 by Columbia Pictures.
/m/0zqq8	State College is a home rule municipality in Centre County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. It is the principal borough of the State College, Pennsylvania Metropolitan Statistical Area which encompasses all of Centre County. As of the 2010 census, the borough population was 42,034, and just over 104,000 lived in the borough plus the surrounding townships often referred to locally as the \"Centre Region.\" Many of these Centre Region communities also carry a \"State College, PA\" address although are not specifically part of the borough of State College.\nThe community is a college town, dominated economically and demographically by the presence of the University Park campus of the Pennsylvania State University. \"Happy Valley\" is another often-used term to refer to the State College area, including the borough and the townships of College, Harris, Patton, and Ferguson.\nIn 2010, State College was ranked as the third-safest metropolitan area in the United States by the CQ Press. In 2013, it was ranked second smartest city by Lumosity and third best college town in the United States by the American Institute for Economic Research.
/m/01w923	Fred Frith is a film score composer.
/m/0ndsl1x	Marley & Me is a 2008 American comedy-drama film about the titular dog, Marley. It was directed by David Frankel and the screenplay by Scott Frank and Don Roos is based on the memoir of the same name by John Grogan. The film was released in the United States and Canada on December 25, 2008, and set a record for the largest Christmas Day box office ever with $14.75 million in ticket sales.
/m/04fkg4	Ram Gopal Varma also known as RGV is an Indian film director, screenwriter and producer. His work is predominantly in Bollywood and Telugu cinema. Varma has directed, written and produced films across multiple genres — psychological thrillers, underworld gang warfare, road movies, horrors, fictional films, experimental films, musicals, parallel cinema, and docudrama. Two of his films Siva, and Satya were show cased among CNN-IBN's list of hundred best Indian films of all time. In 2005, Indiatimes Movies included Satya in its list of 25 Must See Bollywood Movies. The film marked the introduction of a new genre of film making, a variation of film noir that has been called Mumbai noir, of which Varma is the acknowledged master. In 2004, He was featured in the BBC World series Bollywood Bosses.\nHe directed path breaking film's like Siva and Kshana Kshanam for which he has garnered Andhra Pradesh state Nandi Awards for Best Direction. In 1999, He has garnered the National Film Award for scripting, political drama, Shool - \"For unveiling the complete collapse of the socio-political system. A very effective portrayal of the determined fight of a single citizen in the centre of a facade of democracy\", as cited by the Jury. In the same year He directed Prema Katha for which he received his third Nandi Award for Best Director. He garnered three Filmfare Awards, five Andhra Pradesh state Nandi Awards, and five Bollywood Movie Awards. In 2010, He received critical acclaim at the International film festival of Fribourg, Switzerland, where in, a retrospective of Mumbai noir, was staged by film critic, Edward Waintrop.
/m/015ll	A board game is a game that involves counters or pieces moved or placed on a pre-marked surface or \"board\", according to a set of rules. Games can be based on pure strategy, chance, or a mixture of the two, and usually have a goal that a player aims to achieve. Early board games represented a battle between two armies, and most current board games are still based on defeating opposing players in terms of counters, winning position, or accrual of points.\nThere are many different types and styles of board games. Their representation of real-life situations can range from having no inherent theme, to having a specific theme and narrative. Rules can range from the very simple to those describing a game universe in great detail – although most of the latter are role-playing games where the board is secondary to the game, serving to help visualize the game scenario.\nThe amount of time required to learn to play or master a game varies greatly from game to game. Learning time does not necessarily correlate with the number or complexity of rules; some games having profound strategies possess relatively simple rulesets.
/m/01f7j9	Robert L. Zemeckis is an American film director, producer and screenwriter. Zemeckis first came to public attention in the 1980s as the director of the comedic time-travel Back to the Future film series, as well as the Academy Award-winning live-action/animation epic Who Framed Roger Rabbit, though in the 1990s he diversified into more dramatic fare, including 1994's Forrest Gump, for which he won an Academy Award for Best Director.\nHis films are characterized by an interest in state-of-the-art special effects, including the early use of match moving in Back to the Future Part II and the pioneering performance capture techniques seen in The Polar Express, Beowulf and A Christmas Carol. Though Zemeckis has often been pigeonholed as a director interested only in effects, his work has been defended by several critics, including David Thomson, who wrote that \"No other contemporary director has used special effects to more dramatic and narrative purpose.\"
/m/0bq6ntw	Fast Five is a 2011 action film written by Chris Morgan and directed by Justin Lin.
/m/03v3xp	Clive Owen is an English actor, who has worked on television, stage and film. He first gained recognition in the United Kingdom for portraying the lead in the ITV series Chancer from 1990 to 1991. He then received critical acclaim for his work in the film Close My Eyes before getting international notice for his performance as a struggling writer in Croupier. In 2005, Owen won a Golden Globe and a BAFTA Award and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his appearance in the drama Closer. He has since played leading roles in films such as Sin City, Derailed Inside Man, Children of Men, and The International. In 2012, he earned his first Primetime Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Miniseries or a Movie for his role in Hemingway & Gellhorn.
/m/0xv2x	Industrial rock is a musical genre that fuses industrial music and specific rock subgenres. Industrial rock spawned and is often confused with industrial metal. The early fusions of industrial music and rock were practiced by a handful of post-punk groups, including Chrome, Killing Joke, Swans, Foetus and Big Black.
/m/028tnd	Beaux-Arts architecture expresses the academic neoclassical architectural style taught at the École des Beaux-Arts in Paris. The style \"Beaux Arts\" is above all the cumulative product of two-and-a-half centuries of instruction under the authority, first, of the Académie royale d'architecture, then, following the French Revolution of the late 18th century, of the Architecture section of the Académie des Beaux-Arts. The organization under the Ancien Régime of the competition for the \"Grand Prix de Rome\" in architecture, offering a chance to study in Rome, imprinted its codes and aesthetic on the course of instruction, which culminated during the Second Empire and the Third Republic that followed. The style of instruction that produced Beaux-Arts architecture continued without major interruption until 1968.\nThe Beaux-Arts style heavily influenced the architecture of the United States in the period from 1880 to 1920. Non-French European architects of the period 1860–1914 tended to gravitate toward their own national academic centers rather than fixating on Paris. British architects of Imperial classicism, in a development culminating in Sir Edwin Lutyens's New Delhi government buildings, followed a somewhat more independent course, owing to the cultural politics of the late 19th century.
/m/0g701n	Sporting Clube Olhanense is a Portuguese sports club from Olhão, Algarve.\nIts football team was founded on 27 April 1912 and currently plays in the Portuguese first division, holding home matches at Estádio Algarve, with a 30,002-seat capacity.\nOlhanense were the first team from outside Lisbon or Porto to win the Portuguese Cup, in 1924. Despite an absence of 34 years from the Primeira Liga, they have become once again the standard bearer of their native Algarve region.
/m/0lk0l	The University of Paris was a famous university in Paris, France, and one of the earliest to be established in Europe. It was founded in the middle of the 12th century and was officially recognized as a university from between 1160 and 1250 approximately. After many changes, including a century of suspension, it was divided into thirteen autonomous universities in 1970. The university is often referred to as the Sorbonne or la Sorbonne, after the collegiate institution founded around 1257 by Robert de Sorbon, although the university was never completely centered on the Sorbonne. Of the thirteen current successor universities, four have premises in the historical Sorbonne building, and three of them include \"Sorbonne\" in their names.\nThe universities in Paris are independent from each other, and some of them fall within the Créteil or Versailles education authorities instead of the Parisian one. Some residual administrative functions of the thirteen universities are formally supervised by a common chancellor, the rector of the Paris education authority, whose offices are at the Sorbonne. Recently, those universities have tended to reunite themselves into two university groups: Sorbonne Paris Cité and Sorbonne University.
/m/04y9dk	John Wood, CBE was an English actor noted for his performances in Shakespeare and for his long association with Tom Stoppard.
/m/0cm0pc	Adrien Beard is an American storyboard artist and voice actor. He currently provides the voice of Token Black in South Park. In addition to voicing Token, Beard also works as the art director and lead storyboarder on the show.
/m/0g8st4	Stephen J. Dillane is an English actor. He is best known for his roles in The Hours, Game of Thrones, John Adams, and Goal!. He won a Tony Award for his lead performance in Tom Stoppard's play The Real Thing.
/m/0ch6mp2	A production sound mixer, location sound recordist, location sound engineer or simply sound mixer is the member of a film crew or television crew responsible for recording all sound recording on set during the filmmaking or television production using professional audio equipment, for later inclusion in the finished product, or for reference to be used by the sound designer, sound effects editors, or foley artists. This requires choice and deployment of microphones, choice of recording media, and mixing of audio signals in real time.\nUsually, the recordist will arrive on location with his/her own equipment, which normally includes microphones, radio systems, booms, mixing desk, audio storage, headphones, cables, tools, and a small amount of stationery for making notes and logs. The recordist may be asked to capture a wide variety of sound on location, and must also consider the format of the finished product. The recorded production sound track is later combined with other elements or re-recorded by automatic dialogue replacement.\nOften when filming on video, the sound recordist may record audio directly onto the camera rather than use a separate medium, although a separate copy is often made, as it both provides an extra copy which may have more tracks and also may include other sound captured without the camera.
/m/0m9p3	A Bridge Too Far is a 1977 epic war film based on the 1974 book of the same name by Cornelius Ryan, adapted by William Goldman. It was produced by Joseph E. Levine and Richard P. Levine and directed by Richard Attenborough.\nThe film tells the story of the failure of Operation Market Garden during World War II, the Allied attempt to break through German lines and seize several bridges in the occupied Netherlands, including one at Arnhem, with the main objective of outflanking German defences.\nThe name for the film comes from an unconfirmed comment attributed to British Lieutenant-General Frederick Browning, deputy commander of the First Allied Airborne Army, who told Field Marshal Bernard Montgomery, the operation's architect, before the operation: \"I think we may be going a bridge too far.\"\nThe ensemble cast includes Dirk Bogarde, Ryan O'Neal, James Caan, Michael Caine, Sean Connery, Edward Fox, Elliott Gould, Anthony Hopkins, Gene Hackman, Hardy Krüger, Laurence Olivier, Robert Redford, Maximilian Schell and Liv Ullmann. The music was scored by John Addison, who took part in Market Garden.
/m/0yz30	Steubenville is a city and county seat of Jefferson County, Ohio, United States and is located along the Ohio River. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 18,659.\nThe city's name comes from Fort Steuben, a 1786 fort that sat within the city's current limits and was named for German-Prussian military officer Baron Friedrich Wilhelm von Steuben. Today, a replica of the fort is open to the public.\nSteubenville is known as the \"City of Murals\", after its more than 25 downtown murals. It is home to Franciscan University of Steubenville and Eastern Gateway Community College.
/m/0gps0z	Nicole Prescovia Elikolani Valiente Scherzinger is an American singer, songwriter, television personality, and philanthropist. Born in Honolulu, Hawaii and raised in Louisville, Kentucky, she was exposed to mainstream success with an appearance on the television series Popstars as a member of Eden's Crush. She then joined burlesque-inspired girl group The Pussycat Dolls as lead singer; it was a major breakthrough in her career that brought her to widespread prominence. She recorded the group's debut album PCD; it sold 10 million copies worldwide and its singles broke records previously never reached by girl groups.\nScherzinger executive-produced the group's second and final album Doll Domination; it sold 6 million copies worldwide and spawned worldwide hits \"When I Grow Up\" and \"I Hate This Part\". The group disbandment followed a year later from internal conflict due to the overemphasis on Scherzinger, and the subordinate treatment of the other members. Scherzinger's long-delayed debut solo album, Killer Love, incorporated elements of eurodance and club pop music; its singles \"Don't Hold Your Breath\" and \"Right There\" charted within the top-ten in several countries worldwide. Scherzinger left Interscope Records in late 2013 and signed a multi-million dollar contract with Sony Music Entertainment and RCA Records. From 2012 to 2013, Scherzinger served as a judge on the UK version of The X Factor and won with James Arthur in her first year.
/m/0c58k	Diabetes mellitus, or simply diabetes, is a group of metabolic diseases in which a person has high blood sugar, either because the pancreas does not produce enough insulin, or because cells do not respond to the insulin that is produced. This high blood sugar produces the classical symptoms of polyuria, polydipsia, and polyphagia.\nThere are three main types of diabetes mellitus.\nType 1 DM results from the body's failure to produce insulin, and currently requires the person to inject insulin or wear an insulin pump. This form was previously referred to as \"insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus\" or \"juvenile diabetes\".\nType 2 DM results from insulin resistance, a condition in which cells fail to use insulin properly, sometimes combined with an absolute insulin deficiency. This form was previously referred to as non insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus or \"adult-onset diabetes\".\nThe third main form, gestational diabetes, occurs when pregnant women without a previous diagnosis of diabetes develop a high blood glucose level. It may precede development of type 2 DM.\nOther forms of diabetes mellitus include congenital diabetes, which is due to genetic defects of insulin secretion, cystic fibrosis-related diabetes, steroid diabetes induced by high doses of glucocorticoids, and several forms of monogenic diabetes.
/m/05dkb	Number theory is a branch of pure mathematics devoted primarily to the study of the integers, sometimes called \"The Queen of Mathematics\" because of its foundational place in the discipline. Number theorists study prime numbers as well as the properties of objects made out of integers or defined as generalizations of the integers.\nIntegers can be considered either in themselves or as solutions to equations. Questions in number theory are often best understood through the study of analytical objects that encode properties of the integers, primes or other number-theoretic objects in some fashion. One may also study real numbers in relation to rational numbers, e.g., as approximated by the latter.\nThe older term for number theory is arithmetic. By the early twentieth century, it had been superseded by \"number theory\". The use of the term arithmetic for number theory regained some ground in the second half of the 20th century, arguably in part due to French influence. In particular, arithmetical is preferred as an adjective to number-theoretic.
/m/023zl	The City University of New York is the public university system of New York City. It is the largest urban university in the United States, consisting of 24 institutions: 11 senior colleges, seven community colleges, the William E. Macaulay Honors College at CUNY, the doctorate-granting Graduate School and University Center, the City University of New York School of Law, CUNY Graduate School of Journalism, the CUNY School of Public Health and the Sophie Davis School of Biomedical Education. More than 270,000 degree-credit students and 273,000 continuing and professional education students are enrolled at campuses located in all five New York City boroughs. Its administrative offices are in mid-town Manhattan.\nThe university has one of the most diverse student bodies in the United States, with students hailing from 208 countries. The black, white and Hispanic undergraduate populations each comprise more than a quarter of the student body, and Asian undergraduates make up 18 percent. Fifty-eight percent are female, and 28 percent are 25 or older. CUNY graduates include 12 Nobel laureates, a U.S. Secretary of State, a Supreme Court Justice, several New York City mayors, members of Congress, state legislators, scientists and artists.
/m/0d3fdn	FC Dallas is an American professional soccer club based in the Dallas suburb of Frisco, Texas which competes in Major League Soccer. It is one of the ten charter clubs of MLS, having competed in the league since its inception, and was known as Dallas Burn prior to the 2005 season.\nDallas plays its home games at the 20,500 capacity soccer-specific Toyota Stadium, where they have played since changing their name in 2005. The team is owned by MLS investor Clark Hunt, who also owns the National Football League's Kansas City Chiefs. Dallas's most recent head coach was former Southern Methodist University coach Schellas Hyndman, who stepped down from FC Dallas at the end of the 2013 season. The club hired Óscar Pareja, a former player, as its new head coach on January 11, 2014.
/m/04y652m	Liquid Metal is a channel on Sirius XM Radio. The channel was originally launched as Hard Attack, and was only located on Sirius 27, moving to Sirius 40 on May 4, 2011. The channel plays a variety of metal from classic to contemporary. Its catchphrase is \"the heaviest music on or off the planet\".\nThe station plays such popular acts as Metallica, Megadeth, Pantera, Slipknot, Anthrax, Slayer, Killswitch Engage, Black Sabbath, Ozzy Osbourne, Iron Maiden, King Diamond, Venom, Judas Priest, Motörhead, Cannibal Corpse, Testament, Sepultura, Prong and many more. On November 12, 2008, Hard Attack merged with XM Liquid Metal as part of the Sirius/XM merger, renaming the channel as Liquid Metal. The channel was also added to XM channel 42 at the time, replacing XM Liquid Metal, and is now on XM 40. This channel can also be heard on Dish Network channel 6027. Until February 9, 2010, it was on Direct TV channel 841.\nSirius XM pre-empted Liquid Metal on March 14, 2009 at 6pm ET for Mandatory Metallica until April 13, 2009 at 3am ET.
/m/03fvqg	Edward Albert Heimberger, known professionally as Eddie Albert, was an American actor and activist. He was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor in 1954 for his performance in Roman Holiday, and in 1973 for The Heartbreak Kid.\nOther well-known screen roles of his include Bing Edwards in the Brother Rat films, traveling salesman Ali Hakim in the musical Oklahoma!, and the corrupt prison warden in 1974's The Longest Yard. He starred as Oliver Wendell Douglas in the 1960s television situation comedy Green Acres and as Frank MacBride in the 1970s crime drama Switch. He also had a recurring role as Carlton Travis on Falcon Crest, opposite Jane Wyman.
/m/01ccr8	Bernadette Peters is an American actress, singer and children's book author. Over the course of a career that has spanned five decades, she has starred in musical theatre, films and television, as well as performing in solo concerts and recordings. She is one of the most critically acclaimed Broadway performers, having received nominations for seven Tony Awards, winning two, and nine Drama Desk Awards, winning three. Four of the Broadway cast albums on which she has starred have won Grammy Awards.\nRegarded by many as the foremost interpreter of the works of Stephen Sondheim, Peters is particularly noted for her roles on the Broadway stage, including in the musicals Mack and Mabel, Sunday in the Park with George, Song and Dance, Into the Woods, Annie Get Your Gun and Gypsy.\nPeters first performed on the stage as a child and then a teenage actor in the 1960s, and in film and television in the 1970s. She was praised for this early work and for appearances on The Muppet Show, The Carol Burnett Show and in other television work, and for her roles in films like Silent Movie, The Jerk, Pennies from Heaven and Annie. In the 1980s, she returned to the theatre, where she became one of the best-known Broadway stars over the next three decades. She also has recorded six solo albums and several singles, as well as many cast albums, and performs regularly in her own solo concert act. In the 2010s, Peters continues to act on stage, in films and on television, where she has been nominated for three Emmy Awards and three Golden Globe Awards, winning once.
/m/02t_h3	Shaun of the Dead is a 2004 British zombie comedy film directed by Edgar Wright and written by Wright and Simon Pegg, and starring Pegg and Nick Frost. Pegg plays Shaun, a man attempting to get some kind of focus in his life as he deals with his girlfriend, his mother and stepfather. At the same time, he has to cope with an apocalyptic uprising of zombies.\nThe film was a critical and commercial success in the UK and the US. It received a 91% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes and a score of 76 out of 100 at Metacritic. Shaun of the Dead was also a BAFTA nominee. Pegg and Wright considered a sequel that would replace zombies with another monster, but decided against it as they were pleased with the first film as a stand-alone product, and thought too many characters died to continue the story.\nThe film is the first in Wright and Pegg's Three Flavours Cornetto trilogy, followed by 2007's Hot Fuzz and 2013's The World's End.
/m/01bs9f	A civil engineer is a person who practices civil engineering – the application of planning, designing, constructing, maintaining, and operating infrastructures while protecting the public and environmental health, as well as improving existing infrastructures that have been neglected.\nOriginally, a civil engineer worked on public works projects and was contrasted with the military engineer, who worked on armaments and defenses. Over time, various branches of engineering have become recognized as distinct from civil engineering, including chemical engineering, mechanical engineering, and electrical engineering, while much of military engineering has been absorbed by civil engineering.\nIn some places, a civil engineer may perform land surveying; in others, surveying is limited to construction surveying, unless an additional qualification is obtained.
/m/07jqjx	Oliver Twist is a 2005 family drama film written by Ronald Harwood and directed by Roman Polanski.
/m/01c99j	The Grammy Award for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance was a Grammy Award recognizing superior vocal performance by a female in the pop category, the first of which was presented in 1959. It was discontinued after the 2011 Grammy season. The award went to the artist. Singles or tracks only are eligible.\nThe awards had quite a convoluted history:\nFrom 1959 to 1960 there was an award called Best Vocal Performance, Female, which was for work in the pop field\nIn 1961 the award was separated into Best Vocal Performance Single Record Or Track and Best Vocal Performance Album, Female\nFrom 1962 to 1963 the awards from the previous year were combined into Best Solo Vocal Performance, Female\nFrom 1964 to 1968 the award was called Best Vocal Performance, Female\nIn 1966 there was also an award for Best Contemporary Vocal Performance - Female\nIn 1967 the award from the previous year was combined with the equivalent award for men as the Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Solo Vocal Performance - Male or Female\nIn 1968 the previous award was once again separated by gender, with the female award called Best Contemporary Female Solo Vocal Performance\nIn 1969, the awards were combined and streamlined as the award for Best Contemporary-Pop Vocal Performance, Female
/m/026mfs	The Grammy Award for Best Country Collaboration with Vocals was an honor presented at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards, to quality country music collaborations for artists who do not normally perform together. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position\".\nOriginally called the Best Country Vocal Performance, Duet, the award was first presented to Kenny Rogers and Ronnie Milsap at the 30th Grammy Awards in 1988 for the single \"Make No Mistake, She's Mine\". The next year, the category's name was changed to Best Country Vocal Collaboration, a name it held until 1996 when it was awarded as the Best Country Collaboration with Vocals. In 2011, the category was merged with the Grammy Award for Best Country Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal and the Grammy Award for Best Country Instrumental Performance, forming the Grammy Award for Best Country Duo/Group Performance in order to \"tighten the number of categories\" at the Grammy Awards.
/m/013qvn	Dean Martin was an Italian American singer, actor, comedian, and film producer.\nOne of the most popular and enduring American entertainers of the mid-20th century, Martin was nicknamed the \"King of Cool\" for his seemingly effortless charisma and self-assuredness. He was a member of the \"Rat Pack\" and a star in concert stage/nightclubs, recordings, motion pictures, and television. He was the host of the television variety program The Dean Martin Show and The Dean Martin Celebrity Roast.\nMartin's relaxed, warbling crooning voice earned him dozens of hit singles including his signature songs \"Memories Are Made of This\", \"That's Amore\", \"Everybody Loves Somebody\", \"You're Nobody till Somebody Loves You\", \"Sway\", \"Volare\", and \"Ain't That a Kick in the Head?\".
/m/03lyp4	Chrono Crusade, originally released as Chrno Crusade due to a typo in the original logo, is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Daisuke Moriyama. It was originally published by Kadokawa Shoten in Comic Dragon, then a special issue of the Dragon Magazine. A 24-episode anime television series based on the manga ran from 2003 to 2004 on Fuji TV. The animation work was done by Gonzo. The series was released in North America by ADV Manga and ADV Films, titled Chrono Crusade.\nSet in New York during the 1920s, Chrono Crusade follows the story of Rosette Christopher, and her demon partner Chrono. As members of the Magdalene Order, they travel around the country eliminating demonic threats to society, while Rosette searches for her lost brother Joshua.
/m/04p3w	Lung cancer is a disease characterized by uncontrolled cell growth in tissues of the lung. If left untreated, this growth can spread beyond the lung by process of metastasis into nearby tissue or other parts of the body. Most cancers that start in the lung, known as primary lung cancers, are carcinomas that derive from epithelial cells. The main types of lung cancer are small-cell lung carcinoma, also called oat cell cancer, and non-small-cell lung carcinoma. The most common symptoms are coughing, weight loss, shortness of breath, and chest pains.\nThe most common cause of lung cancer is long-term exposure to tobacco smoke, which causes 80–90% of lung cancers. Nonsmokers account for 10–15% of lung cancer cases, and these cases are often attributed to a combination of genetic factors, and exposure to; radon gas, asbestos, and air pollution including second-hand smoke. Lung cancer may be seen on chest radiographs and computed tomography scans. The diagnosis is confirmed by biopsy which is usually performed by bronchoscopy or CT-guidance. Treatment and long-term outcomes depend on the type of cancer, the stage, and the person's overall health, measured by performance status.
/m/01nzmp	The Pro Football Hall of Fame is the hall of fame for professional American football in the United States with an emphasis on the National Football League. Opened in Canton, Ohio, on September 7, 1963, with 17 charter enshrinees,. The Pro Football Hall of Fame is unique among North American major league sports halls of fame in that officials are not inducted. The National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum, Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame and Hockey Hall of Fame have each inducted game officials as members.
/m/0htcn	King Vidor was a film director, film producer, screenwriter and actor.
/m/04gnbv1	Maria Jacquemetton is an American television writer and producer. She graduated from Lehigh University in 1983. She served as a producer for the first season of Mad Men and co-wrote, with husband Andre Jacquemetton, three episodes of the season. Alongside her colleagues on the writing staff she won a Writers Guild of America Award for Best New Series and was nominated for the award for Best Dramatic Series at the February 2008 ceremony for her work on the season. She returned as a producer for the second season and continued to write episodes. She was nominated for the WGA award for Best Dramatic Series a second time at the February 2009 ceremony for her work on the second season. She won the WGA Award for Best Drama Series at the February 2010 ceremony for her work on the third season.\nShe has been nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing for a Drama Series for writing the episodes \"Six Month Leave\", \"Blowing Smoke\", and \"Commissions and Fees\".
/m/018td	Blaxploitation or blacksploitation is a film genre that emerged in the United States in the 1970s. It is considered an ethnic subgenre of the general category of exploitation films. Blaxploitation films were originally made specifically for an urban black audience, although the genre's audience appeal soon broadened across racial and ethnic lines. The term itself is a portmanteau of the words \"black\" and \"exploitation,\" following upon the briefly-common use \"sexploitation\" for porn-inflected films, and was coined in the early 1970s by the Los Angeles National Association for the Advancement of Colored People head, and ex-film publicist Junius Griffin. Blaxploitation films were the first to regularly feature soundtracks of funk and soul music as well as primarily black casts. Variety credited Sweet Sweetback's Baadasssss Song, released in 1971, with the invention of the blaxploitation genre while others argue that the Hollywood-financed film Shaft, also released in 1971, is closer to being a blaxploitation piece and thus is more likely to have begun the trend.
/m/026mff	The Grammy Award for Best Country Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal was awarded from 1970 to 2011. The award has had several minor name changes:\nIn 1970 the award was known as Best Country Performance by a Duo or Group\nFrom 1971 to 1981 it was awarded as Best Country Vocal Performance by a Duo or Group\nFrom 1982 to the present it has been awarded as Best Country Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal\nThe award was discontinued after the 2011 Grammy Awards in a major overhaul of Grammy categories. From 2012, all duo or group performances in the country category were shifted to the newly formed Best Country Duo/Group Performance category.\nYears reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were presented, for works released in the previous year.
/m/0b5ysl	Waitakere United is a football club based in Waitakere City, New Zealand. They are one of the franchises in the ASB Premiership. They play their home games at Fred Taylor Park in Kumeu.
/m/05mkhs	Emile Davenport Hirsch is an American television and film actor. He began performing in the late 1990s, appearing in several television films and series, and became known as a film actor after roles in Lords of Dogtown, The Emperor's Club, The Girl Next Door, Alpha Dog, and the Sean Penn-directed film Into the Wild. In 2008, Hirsch starred in Speed Racer and Milk. His most recent films include Taking Woodstock, The Darkest Hour, Oliver Stone's Savages, David Gordon Green's Prince Avalanche, which premiered at the 2013 Sundance Film Festival and co-stars Paul Rudd, and Lone Survivor co-starring Mark Wahlberg, Taylor Kitsch, Eric Bana, and Ben Foster. He participated in \"Summit on the Summit\", an expedition to the top of Mount Kilimanjaro to raise awareness of the need for clean water in the world.
/m/0cq8qq	How Green Was My Valley is a 1941 drama film directed by John Ford. The film, based on the 1939 Richard Llewellyn novel, was produced by Darryl F. Zanuck and scripted by Philip Dunne. The film features Walter Pidgeon, Maureen O'Hara, Anna Lee, Donald Crisp, and Roddy McDowall. It was nominated for ten Academy Awards, winning five, including Best Picture, Best Director and Best Supporting Actor.\nThe film tells of the Morgans, a close, hard-working Welsh mining family living in the heart of the South Wales Valleys in the 19th century. The story chronicles the destruction of the environment in South Wales coalfields, and the loss of a way of life and its effects on the family.
/m/0ggx5q	Dance music is music composed specifically to facilitate or accompany dancing. It can be either a whole musical piece or part of a larger musical arrangement. In terms of performance, the major categories are live dance music and recorded dance music.
/m/02js9	Erotica is any artistic work that deals substantively with erotically stimulating or sexually arousing subject matter. All forms of art may depict erotic content, including painting, sculpture, photography, drama, film, music or literature. Erotica has high-art aspirations, differentiating it from commercial pornography. Another category is Amateur pornography which includes non-commercial works.\nCuriosa is erotica and pornography as discrete, collectible items, usually in published or printed form.
/m/0ktpx	Spellbound is a 1945 American psychological mystery thriller film directed by Alfred Hitchcock. It tells the story of the new head of a mental asylum who turns out not to be what he claims. The film stars Ingrid Bergman, Gregory Peck, Michael Chekhov and Leo G. Carroll. It is an adaptation by Angus MacPhail and Ben Hecht of the novel The House of Dr. Edwardes by Hilary Saint George Saunders and John Palmer.
/m/088n7	The Japanese yen is the official currency of Japan. It is the third most traded currency in the foreign exchange market after the United States dollar and the euro. It is also widely used as a reserve currency after the U.S. dollar, the euro, and the pound sterling.
/m/0n6dc	Yonkers is the fourth most populous city in the U.S. state of New York, and the most populous city in Westchester County, with a population of 195,976. Yonkers borders the New York City borough of the Bronx and is located two miles north of Manhattan at the municipalities' closest points.\nThe downtown of Yonkers, known as Getty Square, is where the City government is located. Getty Square also houses significant Yonkers businesses and non-profits, and is a bustling retail center.\nThe city is home to several attractions, including: the Saw Mill River Daylighting, wherein a parking lot was removed to uncover a river; Hudson River Museum; Sherwood House; Science Barge; and Yonkers Raceway, a harness racing track that has renovated its grounds and clubhouse and added legalized video slot machine gambling in 2006 in a \"racino\" called Empire City. There are also many large shopping areas in Getty Square, on South Broadway, the Cross County Shopping Center; Ridge Hill Shopping Center and along Central Park Avenue, informally called \"Central Ave\" by area residents, a name it takes officially a few miles north in White Plains.
/m/050rj	A musical saw, also called a singing saw, is the application of a hand saw as a musical instrument. Capable of glissando, the sound creates an ethereal tone, very similar to the theremin. The musical saw is classified as a friction idiophone with direct friction under the Hornbostel-Sachs system of musical instrument classification.
/m/0cc8l6d	The Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Animated Program has been awarded every year since 1985. Up until 1993, the award was just known as the Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Animated Program. Arthur holds the record for most nominations and Arthur and Muppet Babies are tied for most wins. PBS has the most awards of any television network, recently picking up five accolades in the past six years.\nTypically five nominees are announced, with the winner receiving the trophy at the ceremony. An exception was the 2006 ceremony, where six nominees were announced. At the most recent ceremony, four nominees were announced. The last time this had occurred was two decades prior in 1990 and 1985, the first time the award was handed out. TV specials have been known to appear on the list, as well as shows appearing at multiple years, despite having lasted only one season.
/m/054lpb6	Relativity Media LLC is an American full-scale film studio. It acquires, develops, produces, and distributes films and produces television programs. The company has invested $20 billion to date as of 2012 in entertainment investments with partners such as Citibank, Merrill Lynch, Deutsche Bank and others. It is headquartered in Beverly Hills, California. It was founded in 2004 by Ryan Kavanaugh.
/m/03rg5x	Scott Lobdell is an American comic book writer.
/m/02rmfm	Mary Marg Helgenberger is an American actress. She is best known for her roles as Catherine Willows in the CBS drama CSI: Crime Scene Investigation, and as K.C. Koloski in the ABC drama China Beach, which earned her the 1990 Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series. She has also appeared in the series Ryan's Hope and the films Species, Species II, Erin Brockovich, and Mr. Brooks. She is currently starring in the series Intelligence alongside Meghan Ory and Josh Holloway.
/m/0ymdn	Trinity College is one of the constituent colleges of the University of Oxford in England. The college was founded in 1555 by Sir Thomas Pope, on land previously occupied by Durham College, home to Benedictine monks from Durham Cathedral.\nDespite its large size, the college is relatively small in terms of student numbers at approximately 400. As of July 2012, Trinity had a financial endowment of £ 79.5 million.\nTrinity has produced three British prime ministers, placing it joint-second with Balliol College in terms of former students who have held the office.
/m/044_7j	Steven Jay \"Steve\" Blum is an American voice actor of anime and video games known for his distinctive deep voice.
/m/043vc	The Jacksonville Jaguars are a professional American football team based in Jacksonville, Florida. They are members of the South Division of the American Football Conference in the National Football League. The Jaguars, along with the Carolina Panthers, joined the NFL as an expansion team in 1995.\nThe club plays all of their home games at EverBank Field, located near the St. Johns River in downtown Jacksonville. The team headquarters is also located in the stadium. The Jaguars hold training camp and practice during the season in the stadium and on adjoining practice fields. They are the only team in the \"big four\" sports leagues to play in the city of Jacksonville. Since their inception the Jaguars have won two division championships and have made six playoff appearances.
/m/01tjt2	The Western Cape is a province of South Africa, situated in the south-western part of the country. It is the fourth largest of the nine provinces in terms of both area and population, with an area of 129,449 square kilometres and 5.8 million inhabitants. About two-thirds of these inhabitants live in the metropolitan area of Cape Town, which is also the provincial capital. The Western Cape was created in 1994 from part of the former Cape Province.
/m/025s89p	An animated series is a set of regularly presented animated television programs with a common series title, usually related to one another. These episodes typically share the same characters and a basic theme. For television broadcasts, programs are created or adapted with a common series title, usually related to one another and can appear as much as up to once a week or daily during a prescribed time slot. Animated cartoon series also apply outside broadcast television, as was the case for the Tom and Jerry short films that appeared in movie theaters from 1961–1962. There are also direct-to-video animated series like some Japanese original video animations and internet animated series like Hetalia: Axis Powers and other Japanese original net animation. Series can have either a finite number of episodes like a miniseries, a definite end, or be open-ended, without a predetermined number of episodes.
/m/0ht8h	East Sussex is a county in South East England. It is bordered by the counties of Kent, Surrey and West Sussex, and to the south by the English Channel.
/m/02x_h0	Jermaine Dupri Mauldin, known as Jermaine Dupri or JD, is an American record producer, songwriter and rapper.
/m/01fggg	The Office of the Governor of New Jersey is head of the executive branch for the U.S. state of New Jersey. The office of governor is an elected position, for which elected officials serve four-year terms. Governors cannot be elected to more than two consecutive terms, but there is no limit on the total number of terms they may serve. The official residence for the governor is Drumthwacket, a mansion located in Princeton, New Jersey; the office of the governor is at the New Jersey State House in Trenton. The first Governor of New Jersey was William Livingston, who served from August 31, 1776 to July 25, 1790. The current governor is Chris Christie, who assumed office on January 19, 2010, and was elected for his second term on November 5, 2013.
/m/06chf	Sir Ridley Scott is an English film director and producer. Following his commercial breakthrough with Alien, his best-known works are sci-fi classic Blade Runner, Thelma & Louise, best picture Oscar-winner Gladiator, Black Hawk Down, Matchstick Men, Kingdom of Heaven, American Gangster, Prometheus, and The Counselor.\nScott is known for his atmospheric, highly concentrated visual style, which has influenced many directors. Though his films range widely in setting and period, they frequently showcase memorable imagery of urban environments, whether 2nd century Rome, 12th century Jerusalem, contemporary Osaka or Mogadishu, or the future cityscapes of Blade Runner. Scott has been nominated for three Academy Awards for Directing, plus two Golden Globe and two BAFTA Awards. In 2003, Scott was knighted by Queen Elizabeth II at Buckingham Palace for his \"services to the British film industry\". He is the older brother of the late Tony Scott.
/m/0c7t58	Terence Patrick Winter is an American writer and producer of television and film. He is the creator, writer, and executive producer of the HBO television series Boardwalk Empire. Before creating Boardwalk Empire, Winter was a writer and executive producer for the HBO television series The Sopranos. In 2013, he wrote the screenplay to Martin Scorsese's The Wolf of Wall Street for which he is nominated for an Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay.
/m/0jmk7	The Los Angeles Lakers are an American professional basketball team based in Los Angeles, California. They play in the Pacific Division of the Western Conference in the National Basketball Association. The Lakers play their home games at Staples Center, which they share with their local NBA rival, the Los Angeles Clippers, the Los Angeles Kings of the NHL, and the Los Angeles Sparks of the WNBA. The Lakers are one of the most successful teams in the history of the NBA, and have won 16 championships, their last being in 2010. As of 2013, the Lakers are the second most valuable NBA franchise according to Forbes, having an estimated value of $1 billion.\nThe franchise began with the 1947 purchase of a disbanded team, the Detroit Gems of the NBL. The new team began playing in Minneapolis, Minnesota, calling themselves the Minneapolis Lakers in honor of the state's nickname, \"Land of 10,000 Lakes\". The Lakers won five championships in Minneapolis, propelled by center George Mikan, who is described by the NBA's official website as the league's \"first superstar\". After struggling financially in the late 1950s following Mikan's retirement, they relocated to Los Angeles before the 1960–61 season.
/m/03rrdb	The Peru national football team has represented Peru in international football since 1927. Organised by the Peruvian Football Federation, it is one of the 10 members of FIFA's South American Football Confederation. The Peruvian team's performance has been inconsistent; it enjoyed its most successful periods in the 1930s and the 1970s. It plays home matches primarily at the Estadio Nacional in Lima, the country's capital, and is currently without a manager; the last incumbent was Uruguayan Sergio Markarián, who managed the team from 2010 from 2013.\nThe Peru national team has won the Copa América twice and qualified for FIFA World Cup finals four times; it also participated in the 1936 Olympic football competition. It has longstanding rivalries with Chile and Ecuador. The team is well known for its white shirts adorned with a red \"sash\" running from the left shoulder to the right hip—this basic design has been used continuously since 1936. The white and red colours, taken from the country's national flag, give rise to the side's common Spanish nickname, la Blanquirroja.\nPeru took part in the inaugural FIFA World Cup in 1930 and enjoyed victories in the 1938 Bolivarian Games and the 1939 Copa América, with goalkeeper Juan Valdivieso and forwards Teodoro Fernández and Alejandro Villanueva playing important roles. Peruvian football's successful period in the 1970s brought it worldwide recognition; the team then included the formidable forward partnership of Hugo Sotil and Teófilo Cubillas, often regarded as Peru's greatest player, and defender Héctor Chumpitaz. This team qualified for three World Cups and won the Copa América in 1975.
/m/0bzh04	Mamelodi Sundowns are a South African football club based in Pretoria that plays in the Premier Soccer League.\nSince the inception of the PSL in 1996 Sundowns have won the league title a record five times. Sundowns are owned by billionaire mining magnate Patrice Motsepe. The club's nickname, The Brazilians, is a reference to their uniforms, which echo those of the Brazilian national team.
/m/0344gc	Monster's Ball is a 2001 American romantic drama film directed by German-Swiss director Marc Forster starring Halle Berry, Billy Bob Thornton and Heath Ledger. The film tells the story of a poor Southern woman who falls for a widowed prison-guard after the execution of her husband.\nBerry won the Academy Award for Best Actress for her performance.
/m/01kph_c	Warren William Zevon was an American rock singer-songwriter and musician. He was known for the dark and somewhat outlandish sense of humor in his lyrics.\nZevon's work has often been praised by well-known musicians, including Jackson Browne, Bruce Springsteen, Bob Dylan, and Neil Young. His best-known compositions include \"Werewolves of London\", \"Lawyers, Guns and Money\", \"Roland the Headless Thompson Gunner\" and \"Johnny Strikes Up the Band\", all of which are featured on his third album, Excitable Boy. Other well-known songs written by Zevon have been recorded by other artists, including \"Poor Poor Pitiful Me\", \"Accidentally Like a Martyr\", \"Mohammed's Radio\", \"Carmelita\", and \"Hasten Down the Wind\".\nAlong with his own compositions, Zevon recorded or performed occasional covers, including Allen Toussaint's \"A Certain Girl\", Bob Dylan's \"Knockin' on Heaven's Door\" and Leonard Cohen's \"First We Take Manhattan\". He was a frequent guest on Late Night with David Letterman and the Late Show with David Letterman. Letterman later performed guest vocals on \"Hit Somebody!\" with Paul Shaffer and members of the CBS Orchestra on Warren Zevon's My Ride's Here album.
/m/01rz1	The Council of Europe is an international organisation promoting co-operation between all countries of Europe in the areas of legal standards, human rights, democratic development, the rule of law and cultural co-operation. It was founded in 1949, has 47 member states with some 800 million citizens, and is an entirely separate body from the European Union, which has 28 member states. Unlike the EU, the Council of Europe cannot make binding laws. The two do however share certain symbols such as the flag and the anthem.\nThe best known bodies of the Council of Europe are the European Court of Human Rights, which enforces the European Convention on Human Rights, and the European Pharmacopoeia Commission, which sets the quality standards for pharmaceutical products in Europe. The Council of Europe's work has resulted in standards, charters and conventions to facilitate cooperation between European countries.\nIts statutory institutions are the Committee of Ministers comprising the foreign ministers of each member state, the Parliamentary Assembly composed of MPs from the parliament of each member state, and the Secretary General heading the secretariat of the Council of Europe. The Commissioner for Human Rights is an independent institution within the Council of Europe, mandated to promote awareness of and respect for human rights in the member states.
/m/01g_k3	Split is a city in the Croatian region of Dalmatia, on the eastern shores of the Adriatic Sea, centred on the structure of the ancient Roman Palace of the Emperor Diocletian and its bay and port. With a population of 178,192 citizens and a metropolitan area numbering up to 350,000, Split is by far the largest Dalmatian city and the second-largest city of Croatia. Spread over a central peninsula and its surroundings, Split's greater area includes the neighboring seaside towns as well. An intraregional transport hub and popular tourist destination, the city is a link to numerous Adriatic islands and the Apennine peninsula.\nSplit is also one of the oldest cities in the area. While it is traditionally considered just over 1,700 years old counting from the construction of Diocletian's Palace in 305 CE, archaeological research relating to the original founding of the city as the Greek colony of Aspálathos in the 4th century BCE establishes the urban tradition of the area as being several centuries older.
/m/01c0h6	Jharkhand is a state in eastern India. It was carved out of the southern part of Bihar on 15 November 2000. Jharkhand shares its border with the states of Bihar to the north, Uttar Pradesh and Chhattisgarh to the west, Odisha to the south, and West Bengal to the east. It has an area of 30,778 sq mi. The industrial city of Ranchi is its capital and Dumka is sub capital, Dhanbad the coal capital of india, while Jamshedpur is the largest and the biggest industrial city of the state. Some of the other major cities and industrial centres are Bokaro, Dhanbad and Jamshedpur. The major religious centre is Deoghar.\nThe name \"Jharkhand\" means \"The Land of Forests\". Jharkhand accounts for 40% of the mineral resources of India.
/m/0xmqf	The City of Orange is a township in Essex County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, the township's population was 30,134, reflecting a decline of 2,734 from the 32,868 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn increased by 2,943 from the 29,925 counted in the 1990 Census.\nOrange was originally incorporated as a township by an Act of the New Jersey Legislature on November 27, 1806, from portions of Newark Township. Portions of the township were taken on April 14, 1834, to form the now-defunct Clinton Township. On January 31, 1860, Orange was reincorporated as a town. Portions of the town were taken to form South Orange Township, Fairmount, East Orange Township and West Orange Township. On April 3, 1872, Orange was reincorporated as a city. In 1982, the name was changed to the \"City of Orange Township\" to take advantage of federal revenue sharing policies. Orange is often joined with neighboring East Orange, South Orange and West Orange and referred to as part of \"the Oranges\".
/m/0404wqb	Ariel Winter Workman, known professionally as Ariel Winter, is an American actress and singer. She is best known as Alex Dunphy in the TV series Modern Family for which she, along with the rest of the show's cast, won four Screen Actors Guild Awards for Best Ensemble in a Comedy Series.
/m/058m5m4	The 15th Annual Screen Actors Guild Award, honoring the best achievements in film and television performances for the year 2008, were presented on January 25, 2009. The ceremony was held at the Shrine Exposition Center in Los Angeles, California for the thirteenth consecutive year. It was broadcast live simultaneously by TNT and TBS.\nThe nominees were announced on December 18, 2008 by Angela Bassett and Eric McCormack at Los Angeles' Pacific Design Center's Silver Screen Theater.\nDoubt received the highest number of nominations among the film categories with five, four for individual performances and one for ensemble performance. In the television categories, Boston Legal, 30 Rock, John Adams, Mad Men and The Closer had the most nominations with three each.\nThe biggest winner of the evening was 30 Rock, which won in all three categories in which it was nominated. The Dark Knight won the most film awards, winning in both categories in which it was nominated.
/m/0215n	A cartoon is a form of two-dimensional illustrated visual art. While the specific definition has changed over time, modern usage refers to a typically non-realistic or semi-realistic drawing or painting intended for satire, caricature, or humor, or to the artistic style of such works. An artist who creates cartoons is called a cartoonist.\nThe term originated in the Middle Ages and first described a preparatory drawing for a piece of art, such as a painting, fresco, tapestry, or stained glass window. In the 19th century, it came to refer to humorous illustrations in magazines and newspapers, and in the early 20th century and onward it referred to comic strips and animated films.
/m/0f721s	20th Century Fox Television is the television production division of 20th Century Fox Film Corporation, and a production arm of the Fox Broadcasting Company. 20th Television is the syndication arm of 20th Century Fox Television.\n20th Century Fox Television was founded in 1949 as other studios were branching out into television production as well. At that time, the company was known as TCF Television Productions, Inc. until 1955. TCFTV folded the operations of TV production companies they've acquired: Metromedia Producers Corporation in 1986, New World Entertainment in 1997, and MTM Enterprises in 1998, and is the current distributor for most of the shows originally produced by these companies.\nSince 1986, 20th Century Fox Television has served as the Fox television network's unofficial production arm, producing the bulk of television series airing on the television network. 20CFT produced the first two series that aired on Fox's sister network, MyNetworkTV: Desire and Fashion House.
/m/01cbt3	John Barry was a film score composer.
/m/0ghvb	The University of Northern Iowa is a university located in Cedar Falls, Iowa, United States. UNI offers more than 90 majors across the colleges of Business Administration, Education, Humanities, Arts, and Sciences, and Social and Behavioral sciences, and graduate college.\nUNI has consistently been named one of the \"Best in the Midwest\" in the Princeton Review Best 351 College Rankings guide, and has ranked second in the category \"regional universities\" by U.S. News & World Report for twelve consecutive years. UNI's accounting program has consistently ranked in the top 10 universities in the nation for the pass rate of first-time candidates on the CPA Exam.\nClass sizes at UNI average around 32 students; they are mostly taught by faculty, not teaching assistants. Tenured and tenure-track faculty teach 75 percent of UNI's classes. The Fall 2013 enrollment is 12,159. Ninety-two percent of its students are from the State of Iowa, in the United States.\nFor students interested in studying abroad, UNI is ranked fourth in the nation for the total number of students who study abroad among master's degree institutions, according to Open Doors 2002, the annual report on international education published by the Institute of International Education.
/m/02mc79	Keenen Ivory Wayans, Sr is an American actor, comedian, director and writer known as the host and creator of the Fox sketch comedy series In Living Color. Wayans is the director/creator of Scary Movie, the highest grossing movie ever directed by an African American. He briefly hosted his own show called The Keenen Ivory Wayans Show.
/m/063y9fp	Superman/Batman: Public Enemies is a 2009 original direct-to-video animated superhero film adaptation of \"Public Enemies\"—the opening story arc of DC Comics' Superman/Batman—which focuses on Superman and Batman teaming up to prevent a meteorite from striking Earth and take down Lex Luthor, who has been elected President of the United States. The film is the sixth in the line of the DC Universe Animated Original Movies line released by Warner Premiere and Warner Bros. Animation. Voice actors from the DCAU reprised their roles, although it is not a DCAU production and is said not to be connected with that universe beyond sharing of voice actors.
/m/01bl8s	Common-law marriage, and also known as sui juris marriage, informal marriage or marriage by habit and repute, is an irregular form of marriage that can be legally contracted in an extremely limited number of jurisdictions.\nThe original concept of a common-law marriage is a marriage that is considered valid by both partners, but has not been formally registered with a state or church registry, or a formal religious service. In effect, the act of the couple representing themselves to others as being married acts as the evidence that they are married. In jurisdictions recognizing common-law marriages, such a marriage is not legally distinct from a traditional ceremonial marriage enacted through a civil or religious ceremony in terms of the couple's rights and obligations to one another.\nThe term \"common-law marriage\" is sometimes also used as a synonym for legal agreements including domestic partnerships, reciprocal beneficiaries relationships and non-marital relationship contracts. In these cases, two people live together without considering themselves each other's spouses, but do still create a legal agreement to manage their relationship, obligations to one another or shared assets. In some cases, such partnerships may be created because the couples do not have the ability to marry one another legally. \"Common-law marriage\" is also often used colloquially or by the media to refer to cohabiting couples, regardless of any rights that these couples may have, which can create public confusion both in regard to the term and in regard to the rights of unmarried partners.
/m/04b2qn	Sideways is a 2004 comedy-drama film written by Jim Taylor and Alexander Payne and directed by Payne. Adapted from Rex Pickett's 2004 novel of the same name, Sideways follows two men in their forties, portrayed by Paul Giamatti and Thomas Haden Church, who take a week-long road trip to Santa Barbara County Wine Country. Payne and Taylor won multiple awards for their screenplay. Giamatti and Church, as well as actresses Virginia Madsen and Sandra Oh, playing local women who become romantically involved with the men, all received accolades for their performances.\nSideways won the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay, and was nominated for four other awards.
/m/0cwt70	Although considerable conflict took place outside Europe, the European theatre was the main theatre of operations during World War I and was where the war began and ended. During the four years of conflict, battle was joined by armies of unprecedented size equipped with new mechanized technologies, leaving millions dead or wounded.
/m/01x8f6	The Ontario New Democratic Party or, formally known as New Democratic Party of Ontario, is a social democratic political party in Ontario, Canada. It is a provincial section of the federal New Democratic Party. It was formed in October 1961 from the Co-operative Commonwealth Federation and the Ontario Federation of Labour.\nFor many years, the ONDP was the most successful provincial NDP branch outside the national party's western heartland. It had its first breakthrough under its first leader, Donald C. MacDonald in the 1967 provincial election, when the party elected 20 Members of Provincial Parliament to the Ontario Legislative Assembly. After the 1970 leadership convention, Stephen Lewis became leader, and guided the party to Official Opposition status in 1975, the first time since the Ontario CCF did it twice in the 1940s. After the party's disppointing performance in the 1977 provincial election, that included losing second party status, Lewis stepped down and Michael Cassidy was elected leader in 1978. Cassidy lead the party through one campaign, the 1981 election. The party did poorly again, and Cassidy resigned.\nIn 1982, Bob Rae was elected leader. Under his leadership, in 1985, the party held the balance-of-power with the signing of an accord with the newly elected Liberal minority government. After the 1987 Ontario general election, the ONDP became the Official Opposition again. The 1990 Ontario general election surprisingly produced the ONDP's breakthrough first government in 1990. The victory produced the first NDP provincial government east of Manitoba. However, it took power just when Canada's economy was in a recession, and was defeated in 1995. Rae stepped down as leader in 1996.
/m/0bz6l9	The 42nd Academy Awards were presented April 7, 1970 at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion, Los Angeles. There was no host.\nThis is currently the highest rated of the televised Academy Awards ceremonies, according to Nielsen ratings.\nMidnight Cowboy became the first - and so far, the only - X-rated film to win the Academy Award for Best Picture. The previous year had seen the only G-rated film to win Best Picture: Oliver!.\nThis was the last time until the 68th Academy Awards where none of the four acting winners had appeared in Best Picture nominees.
/m/04s04	Matthew Abram \"Matt\" Groening is an American cartoonist, screenwriter, producer, animator, author, musician, comedian, and voice actor. He is the creator of the comic strip Life in Hell as well as two successful television series, The Simpsons and Futurama.\nGroening made his first professional cartoon sale of Life in Hell to the avant-garde Wet magazine in 1978. At its peak, the cartoon was carried in 250 weekly newspapers. Life in Hell caught the attention of James L. Brooks. In 1985, Brooks contacted Groening with the proposition of working in animation for the Fox variety show The Tracey Ullman Show. Originally, Brooks wanted Groening to adapt his Life in Hell characters for the show. Fearing the loss of ownership rights, Groening decided to create something new and came up with a cartoon family, Matt Groening's Simpsons family, and named the members after his own parents and sisters—while Bart was an anagram of the word brat. The shorts would be spun off into their own series: The Simpsons, which has since aired 541 episodes. In 1997, Groening and former Simpsons writer David X. Cohen developed Futurama, an animated series about life in the year 3000, which premiered in 1999. After four years on the air, the show was canceled by Fox in 2003, but Comedy Central commissioned 16 new episodes from four direct-to-DVD movies in 2008. Then, in June 2009, Comedy Central ordered 26 new episodes of Futurama, to be aired over two seasons.
/m/01p2b_	Nuclear Blast is an independent record label and mail order record distributor with subsidiaries in Germany, the United States and Brazil. The record label was founded in 1987 by Markus Staiger in Germany. Originally releasing hardcore punk records, the label moved on to releasing albums by melodic death metal, grindcore, power metal and black metal bands, as well as tribute albums. Nuclear Blast is widely respected as the top label for the death metal scene, along with fellow non-RIAA label Century Media. The label's main office is in Donzdorf, Göppingen. Nuclear Blast America and Century Media work together as a strategic partnership between the two independent metal labels. They are distributed through RED Distribution, eOne Music and Sony Music Entertainment.
/m/05683cn	Walter H. Tyler was an American art director. He won an Academy Award and was nominated for eight more in the category Best Art Direction.\nHe was born in Los Angeles, California and died in Orange County, California. His grandson is film composer Brian Tyler.
/m/0gvs1kt	Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close is a 2011 American drama film adaptation of the novel of the same name by Jonathan Safran Foer, directed by Stephen Daldry and written by Eric Roth. It stars Thomas Horn, Tom Hanks, Sandra Bullock, Max von Sydow, Viola Davis, John Goodman, Jeffrey Wright, and Zoe Caldwell.\nProduction took place in New York City. The film had a limited release in the United States on December 25, 2011, and a wide release on January 20, 2012. Despite mixed reviews, the film was nominated for two Academy Awards, Best Picture and Best Supporting Actor for von Sydow.
/m/05sdxx	Gil Bellows is a Canadian film and television actor. He is best known for the roles of Tommy Williams in The Shawshank Redemption, Billy Thomas in the television series Ally McBeal, and as CIA agent Matt Callan in the television series The Agency.
/m/04ld32	The University of Minnesota Law School, located in Minneapolis, Minnesota, USA, is a professional school of the University of Minnesota. The school offers a Juris Doctor, Masters of Law for Foreign Lawyers, and joint degrees with J.D./M.B.A., J.D./M.P.A, J.D./M.A., J.D./M.S., J.D./Ph.D., J.D./M.D., J.D./M.P.P., J.D./M.B.S., J.D./M.P., J.D./M.B.T., J.D./M.U.R.P., and J.D./M.P.H.\nFounded in 1888, the Law School is consistently ranked among the top 20 law schools in the nation, with the current rank of 19th in the U.S. News & World Report \"Best Law Schools\" rankings and 18th in the U.S. News & World Report \"Law Firm Recruiters Rank Best Law Schools\" rankings; tied with UCLA and USC.\nWith 847 students, the Law School maintains a 10.9:1 student-to-faculty ratio. Admission is highly competitive; for the class entering in the fall of 2012, 747 out of 3,225 J.D. applicants were offered admission, with 205 matriculating. The 25th and 75th LSAT percentiles for the 2012 entering class were 158 and 168, respectively, with a median of 167. The 25th and 75th undergraduate GPA percentiles were 3.36 and 3.89, respectively, with a median of 3.80. The five-year average bar exam passage rate was 96.91%, one of the highest in the country. Tuition and fees are $34,817 for residents, and $43,385 for non-residents. The cost of attendance for non-residents is over $10,000 less per year than the similarly ranked Los Angeles schools, USC and UCLA.
/m/03j0ss	Club Social y Deportivo Atlas de Guadalajara is a Mexican football club. Atlas is one of two teams that play in Guadalajara, Mexico, along with Club Deportivo Guadalajara in the Liga MX. The club's home stadium is Estadio Jalisco in Guadalajara.
/m/050yyb	The 77th Academy Awards honored the best films of 2004 and were held on February 27, 2005, at the Kodak Theatre in Hollywood, California. They were hosted by comedian Chris Rock.\nThe nominees were announced on January 25, 2005. Martin Scorsese's biopic of the eccentric Howard Hughes, The Aviator, led the pack with eleven nominations including Best Actor, Best Director, and Best Picture. Marc Forster's Finding Neverland and Clint Eastwood's Million Dollar Baby each had seven nominations. Ray and Sideways rounded out the nominees for Best Picture.\nThe 77th Academy Awards was the first Oscar telecast since the 73rd Academy Awards to receive a TV rating of TV-14. This is most likely due to many \"edgy\" comments made by Chris Rock during the ceremony. Since this, every future telecast to date would receive a TV-14 rating.\nHilary Swank won her second Academy Award for Best Actress; among her fellow nominees was Annette Bening, who had also been nominated when Swank won her first award in 1999.\nAt age 74 Clint Eastwood became the oldest director to win the Oscar. This was also the second straight year that he directed two Academy Award-winning performances.\nWith The Aviator winning 5 Oscars, this was the last Oscar ceremony until the 2013 ceremony at which another film won more Oscars than the Best Picture winner. The last time this had happened was either in 1981 or in 1977, depending on whether one counts the Special Achievement Award that Raiders received for its sound effects editing as a true win. In addition, Cate Blanchett won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her role as Katharine Hepburn in The Aviator, marking the only time in Academy Awards history that an actor won an Oscar for portraying an Oscar-winning actor.
/m/02brqp	Microsoft Studios is the video game production wing for Microsoft, responsible for the development and publishing of games for the Xbox, Xbox 360, Xbox One, Games for Windows and Windows Phone platforms. They were established in 2002 as Microsoft Game Studios to coincide with the release of the Xbox, before being re-branded in 2011. Microsoft Studios develops and publishes games in conjunction with first and third party development studios under their publishing label.
/m/05_30hd	Windows 7 is an operating system produced by Microsoft for use on personal computers, including home and business desktops, laptops, netbooks, tablet PCs, and media center PCs. It was released to manufacturing on July 22, 2009, and became generally available for retail worldwide on October 22, 2009, less than three years after the release of its predecessor, Windows Vista. Windows 7's server counterpart, Windows Server 2008 R2, was released at the same time. Windows 7 is succeeded by Windows 8.\nUnlike Windows Vista, which introduced many new features, Windows 7 was an incremental upgrade designed to work with Vista-compatible applications and hardware. Presentations given by Microsoft in 2008 focused on multi-touch support, an updated Windows shell with a new taskbar, a home networking system called HomeGroup, and performance improvements. Some standard applications that have been included with prior releases of Microsoft Windows, including Windows Calendar, Windows Mail, Windows Movie Maker, and Windows Photo Gallery, are not included in Windows 7; most are instead offered separately at no charge as part of the Windows Essentials suite.
/m/0jzphpx	The 36th Grammy Awards were held in 1994. They recognized accomplishments by musicians from the previous year. Whitney Houston is the Big Winner winning 3 awards including Record of the Year and Album of the Year.
/m/01dv4h	A portrait is a painting, photograph, sculpture, or other artistic representation of a person, in which the face and its expression is predominant. The intent is to display the likeness, personality, and even the mood of the person. For this reason, in photography a portrait is generally not a snapshot, but a composed image of a person in a still position. A portrait often shows a person looking directly at the painter or photographer, in order to most successfully engage the subject with the viewer.
/m/02_3zj	This is a list of the winning and nominated programs of the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Main Title Design presented for the best main title sequence in television programming. Prior to 1997, the Emmy was presented for Outstanding Individual Achievement in Graphic Design and Title Sequences.
/m/0bq8tmw	21 Jump Street is a 2012 American action comedy film produced by and starring Jonah Hill and Channing Tatum, scripted by Michael Bacall from a story by Hill and Bacall, and directed by Phil Lord and Chris Miller. Based on the 1987 television series of the same name by Stephen J. Cannell and Patrick Hasburgh, the film follows two police officers who are forced to relive high school when they are assigned to go undercover as high school students to prevent the outbreak of a new synthetic drug and arrest its supplier. It was released theatrically on March 16, 2012, by Columbia Pictures and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and was both a critical and commercial success. A sequel titled 22 Jump Street is in production and will be released in theaters on June 13, 2014.
/m/02lf0c	Ivan Reitman, OC is a Czechoslovakian-born Canadian film producer and director, best known for his comedy work, especially in the 1980s and 1990s. He is the owner of The Montecito Picture Company, founded in 2000.
/m/0h5m7	Zaragoza, also called Saragossa in English, is the capital city of the Zaragoza province and of the autonomous community of Aragon, Spain. It is situated on the Ebro river and its tributaries, the Huerva and the Gállego, near the centre of the region, in a valley with a variety of landscapes, ranging from desert to thick forest, meadows and mountains.\nOn 1 September 2010 the population of the city of Zaragoza was 701,090, within its administrative limits on a land area of 1,062.64 square kilometres, ranking fifth in Spain. It is the 35th most populous municipality in the European Union. The population of the metropolitan area was estimated in 2006 at 783,763 inhabitants. The municipality is home to more than 50 percent of the Aragonese population. The city lies at an elevation of 199 metres above sea level.\nZaragoza hosted Expo 2008 in the summer of 2008, a world's fair on water and sustainable development. It was also candidate for the European Capital of Culture in 2016.\nThe city is famous for its folklore, local gastronomy, and landmarks such as the Basílica del Pilar, La Seo Cathedral and the Aljafería Palace. Together with La Seo and the Aljafería, several other buildings form part of the Mudéjar Architecture of Aragon which is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. The Fiestas del Pilar are among the most celebrated festivals in Spain.
/m/02b1hb	Dagenham & Redbridge Football Club, informally known as the Daggers, are an English association football club based in Dagenham, in the London Borough of Barking & Dagenham, East London. They were formed in 1992 after a merger between both Redbridge Forest and Dagenham. The team currently play in Football League Two, the fourth tier in the English football league system.\nThe club's traditional colours are red and blue, to represent the merger teams' colours. In the early days the club used red for the home shirt and blue for the away shirts, normally red and white vertical stripes for the home and blue and white vertical stripes for the away. In recent times the kit has gone under a large transformation. The stripes have been replaced with solid colours. The home kit is currently made up of a red jersey with a blue sash, blue shorts, and red socks. The away kit consists of a light blue jersey with navy blue trim, navy blue shorts, and light blue socks.
/m/0p9gg	Charles Boyer was a French actor who appeared in more than 80 films between 1920 and 1976. After receiving an education in drama, Boyer started on the stage, but he found his success in American movies during the 1930s. His memorable performances were among the era's most highly praised, in romantic dramas such as The Garden of Allah, Algiers, and Love Affair. Another famous role was in the 1944 mystery-thriller Gaslight. He received four Academy Award nominations for Best Actor.
/m/02607j	Hofstra University is a private, nonsectarian institution of higher learning located in the Village of Hempstead, New York, United States, about 7 miles east of New York City. It originated in 1935 as an extension of New York University called \"Nassau College – Hofstra Memorial of New York University at Hempstead, Long Island\"; in 1937, the institution separated from NYU and gained independence as Hofstra College, and in 1963, Hofstra College gained university status. Comprising ten schools, including a School of Medicine and a School of Law, Hofstra is noted for a series of prominent Presidential conferences, as well as being selected to host a United States Presidential Debate in 2008 and 2012. The university organizes a wide range of other international academic conferences, holds an annual Shakespeare festival in its own replica of the Globe Theatre, and has both an arboretum and bird sanctuary.
/m/03wf1p2	The 2000 Cannes Film Festival started on May 14 and ran until May 25. The Palme d'Or went to the Danish film Dancer in the Dark by Lars von Trier.\nThe festival opened with Vatel, directed by Roland Joffé and closed with Stardom, directed by Denys Arcand.
/m/05lls	Opera is an art form in which singers and musicians perform a dramatic work combining text and musical score, usually in a theatrical setting. Opera incorporates many of the elements of spoken theatre, such as acting, scenery, and costumes and sometimes includes dance. The performance is typically given in an opera house, accompanied by an orchestra or smaller musical ensemble.\nOpera is part of the Western classical music tradition. It started in Italy at the end of the 16th century and soon spread through the rest of Europe: Schütz in Germany, Lully in France, and Purcell in England all helped to establish their national traditions in the 17th century. In the 18th century, Italian opera continued to dominate most of Europe, except France, attracting foreign composers such as Handel. Opera seria was the most prestigious form of Italian opera, until Gluck reacted against its artificiality with his \"reform\" operas in the 1760s. Today the most renowned figure of late 18th century opera is Mozart, who began with opera seria but is most famous for his Italian comic operas, especially The Marriage of Figaro, Don Giovanni, and Così fan tutte, as well as The Magic Flute, a landmark in the German tradition.
/m/0f4m2z	The Name of the Rose is a 1986 film directed by Jean-Jacques Annaud, based on the book of the same name by Umberto Eco. Sean Connery is the Franciscan friar William of Baskerville and Christian Slater is his apprentice Adso of Melk, who are called upon to solve a deadly mystery in a medieval abbey.
/m/0264v8r	1. FC Union Berlin is a professional German association football club based in Berlin. The club emerged 1966 under the current name in East Germany and plays in the 2. Fußball-Bundesliga. The home ground Stadion An der Alten Försterei is the largest single-purpose football stadium in the German capital. It has been home to Union Berlin and its forerunners since it was opened in 1920. The club is famous for its enthusiastic and creative fan base and is colloquially called \"Eisern Union\".
/m/0425kh	Incheon United is a professional Korean football team currently playing in the K League Classic. The team's home town is Incheon, the third biggest city in the country, and the club's home stadium is the Incheon Football Stadium.
/m/02237m	Central Saint Martins College of Arts and Design, often abbreviated to Central Saint Martins or CSM, is a public tertiary art school in London, England. It is a constituent college of the University of the Arts London. It offers full-time courses at foundation, undergraduate and postgraduate levels, and a variety of short and summer courses.
/m/01hg2h	The Soviet Air Forces was the official designation of one of the air forces of the Soviet Union. The other was the Soviet Air Defence Forces. The Air Forces were formed from components of the Imperial Russian Air Force in 1917, faced their greatest test during World War II, were involved in the Korean War, and dissolved along with the Soviet Union itself in 1991–92.
/m/0bvzp	Leonard Bernstein was an American composer, conductor, author, music lecturer, and pianist. He was among the first conductors born and educated in the United States of America to receive worldwide acclaim. According to Donal Henahan, he was \"one of the most prodigiously talented and successful musicians in American history.\"\nHis fame derived from his long tenure as the music director of the New York Philharmonic, from his conducting of concerts with most of the world's leading orchestras, and from his music for West Side Story, as well as Peter Pan, Candide, Wonderful Town, On the Town and his own Mass.\nBernstein was also the first conductor to give numerous television lectures on classical music, starting in 1954 and continuing until his death. He was a skilled pianist, often conducting piano concertos from the keyboard.\nAs a composer he wrote in many styles encompassing symphonic and orchestral music, ballet, film and theatre music, choral works, opera, chamber music and pieces for the piano. Many of his works are regularly performed around the world, although none has matched the tremendous popular and commercial success of West Side Story.
/m/0f4hc	Pantothenic acid, also called pantothenate or vitamin B5, is a water-soluble vitamin. For many animals, pantothenic acid is an essential nutrient. Animals require pantothenic acid to synthesize coenzyme-A, as well as to synthesize and metabolize proteins, carbohydrates, and fats.\nPantothenic acid is the amide between pantoic acid and β-alanine. Its name derives from the Greek pantothen, meaning \"from everywhere\", and small quantities of pantothenic acid are found in nearly every food, with high amounts in whole-grain cereals, legumes, eggs, meat, royal jelly, avocado, and yogurt. It is commonly found as its alcohol analog, the provitamin panthenol, and as calcium pantothenate. Pantothenic acid is an ingredient in some hair and skin care products.\nPantothenic acid was discovered by Roger J. Williams in 1933.
/m/02pptm	California State University, Fresno is a public comprehensive university and part of the 23 campus California State University system. It is located at the northeast edge of Fresno, California, only 58 miles from Yosemite National Park. The university has a total enrollment of 23,060 students including undergraduate, graduate, and post-baccalaureate students.\nFresno State has a selective admission rate of 58%. The university offers 95 Bachelor's degrees, 51 Master's degrees, 7 Doctoral degrees, and 20 different teaching credentials.\nThe campus sits at the foot of the Sierra Nevada mountain range in the San Joaquin Valley. The city of Fresno is the fifth largest city in California. The university is within an hour's drive of many mountain and lake resorts and within a three-hour drive of both Los Angeles and San Francisco. Yosemite National Park is only 58 miles from campus.\nThe university's unique facilities include on-campus raisin and wine grape vineyards and a commercial winery, where student-made wines have won over 300 awards since 1997. Fresno State is one of only a few universities world-wide that have an on-campus planetarium, operated by the Physics Department. Members of Fresno State's nationally ranked Top 10 Equestrian Team have the option of housing their horses on campus, next to indoor and outdoor arenas. Fresno State boasts a newly opened state-of-the-art Student Recreation Center and one of the biggest libraries in the California State University system.
/m/01pcql	Jennifer Ann \"Jenny\" Agutter, OBE is an English film and television actress. She began her career as a child actress in the mid-1960s, starring in the BBC television series The Railway Children and the film adaptation of the same book, before taking adult roles and moving to Hollywood.\nShe played Jessica 6 in Logan's Run, Jill Mason in Equus, Alex Price in An American Werewolf in London and Joanne Simpson in Child's Play 2. Since the 1990s she has worked in sound recording, and she is a patron of the Cystic Fibrosis Trust. After a break from acting she has appeared in several television series since 2000, including the British series Spooks. Since 2012, she has starred in the popular BBC drama Call the Midwife.
/m/0nm87	Kennebec County is a county located in the U.S. state of Maine. In 2010, its population was 122,151. Its county seat is Augusta. The center of population of Maine is located in Kennebec County, in the city of Augusta.\nKennebec County was established on 20 February 1799 from portions of Cumberland and Lincoln Counties.
/m/06lhbl	Charles G. Rosher, A.S.C. was a two-time Academy Award-winning cinematographer who worked from the early days of silent films through the 1950s. Born in London, he was the first cinematographer to receive an Academy Award, along with 1929 co-winner Karl Struss.\nRosher studied photography in his youth but earned a reputation early as a newsreel cameraman, before moving to the United States in 1909. He subsequently found work for David Horsley working in his production company in New Jersey. Because early film was largely restricted to using daylight, Horsley relocated his production company to Hollywood in 1911, taking Rosher with him, and opened the first movie studio there. This made Rosher the first full-time cameraman in Hollywood.\nIn 1913 he went to Mexico to film newsreel footage of Pancho Villa's rebellion. In 1918, he was one of the founders of the American Society of Cinematographers and served as the group's first Vice-President. In the 1920s he was one of the most sought-after cinematographers in Hollywood, and a personal favorite of stars such as Mary Pickford. His work with Karl Struss on F.W. Murnau's 1927 film Sunrise is viewed as a milestone in cinematography. He shot five films for producer David O. Selznick, including Rockabye, Our Betters and Little Lord Fauntleroy.
/m/026n998	Frederick Johnson is an American soap opera writer.
/m/014kyy	Steely Dan is an American jazz rock/rock band founded by core members Walter Becker and Donald Fagen. The band's popularity peaked in the late 1970s, and their seven albums over that period of time blended elements of jazz, rock, funk, R&B, and pop. Rolling Stone has called them \"the perfect musical antiheroes for the Seventies.\"\nRecorded with a revolving cast of session musicians, Steely Dan's music is characterized by complex jazz-influenced structures and harmonies. Often sharply sarcastic lyricists, Becker and Fagen have written \"cerebral, wry and eccentric\" songs about drugs, love affairs, and crime. The pair are known for their near-obsessive perfectionism in the recording studio: Over the year they took to record Gaucho, an album of just seven songs, Becker and Fagen hired at least 42 studio musicians and 11 engineers.\nSteely Dan toured from 1972 to 1974 before retiring to the studio. The group disbanded in 1981, and throughout most of the next decade Becker and Fagen were largely inactive, though a cult following remained devoted to the group. In 1993 the two reunited and began playing concerts. Steely Dan has since released two albums of new material, the first of which earned a Grammy Award for Album of the Year. They have sold more than 40 million albums worldwide and were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in March 2001.
/m/01vxxb	William George \"Billy\" Zane, Jr. is an American actor and producer.\nHe is best known for playing Kit Walker / The Phantom in The Phantom, Caledon Hockley in Titanic, Hughie in Dead Calm, John Wheeler in Twin Peaks and Mr. E in CQ.
/m/03np_7	The University of Texas at Arlington is a state university located in Arlington, Texas. The campus is situated southwest of downtown Arlington, and is located in the Dallas–Fort Worth–Arlington metropolitan area. The university was founded in 1895 and served primarily a military academy during the early 20th century. After spending several decades in the Texas A&M University System, the institution joined the University of Texas System in 1965. In the fall of 2010, UTA reached a student population of 32,956, a gain of 31% from autumn 2008, and is currently the second-largest institution within the UT System. UTA is classified by the Carnegie Foundation as a \"High Research Activity\" institution. The university offers 80 baccalaureate, 74 masters, and 31 doctoral degrees.\nThe university also operates the Fort Worth Education Center and the UTA Research Institute, with campuses at the Fort Worth ITC and River Bend Park.
/m/01c7j1	The Wikimedia Foundation is a non-profit and charitable organization headquartered in San Francisco, California that operates several wikis. The foundation is mostly known for operating Wikipedia, an Internet encyclopedia which ranks in the top-ten most-visited websites worldwide. The organization was founded in 2003 by Jimmy Wales, co-founder of Wikipedia, as a way to fund Wikipedia and its sister projects through non-profit means. Besides Wikipedia, the foundation also operates Wiktionary, Wikiquote, Wikibooks, Wikisource, Wikimedia Commons, Wikispecies, Wikinews, Wikiversity, Wikidata, Wikivoyage, Wikimedia Incubator, and Meta-Wiki. It also owned the now-defunct Nupedia.\nToday, the foundation employs more than 142 employees with revenues of US$48.6 million and cash equivalents of US$22.2 million. Sue Gardner leads the foundation as its executive director, while Jan-Bart de Vreede serves as chairman of the board.
/m/01y8zd	McMaster University is a public research university whose main campus is located in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. The main campus is located on 121 hectares of land in the residential neighbourhood of Westdale, adjacent to Hamilton's Royal Botanical Gardens. The university operates six academic faculties: the DeGroote School of Business, Engineering, Health Sciences, Humanities, Social Science, and Science. It is a member of the U15, a group of research-intensive universities in Canada.\nThe university bears the name of Honourable William McMaster, a prominent Canadian Senator and banker who bequeathed C$900,000 to the founding of the university. McMaster University was incorporated under the terms of an act of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario in 1887, merging the Toronto Baptist College with Woodstock College. It opened in Toronto in 1890. Inadequate facilities and the gift of land in Hamilton prompted the institution to relocate in 1930. McMaster was controlled by the Baptist Convention of Ontario and Quebec until it became a privately chartered, publicly funded non-denominational institution in 1957.\nThe university is co-educational, and has over 24,500 undergraduate and nearly 4,000 post-graduate students. Alumni and former students of the university can be found all across Canada and in 140 countries around the world. Notable alumni include government officials, academics, business leaders and two Nobel laureates. The university ranked 92nd in the 2013-2014 Times Higher Education World University Rankings, 92nd in the 2012 Academic Ranking of World Universities, and 140th in the 2013 QS World University Rankings. The McMaster athletic teams are known as the Marauders, and are members of the Canadian Interuniversity Sport.
/m/018q7	Field Marshal Bernard Law Montgomery, 1st Viscount Montgomery of Alamein, KG, GCB, DSO, PC, nicknamed \"Monty\" and the \"Spartan General\", was a British Army officer.\nHe saw action in the First World War, where he was seriously wounded, and during the Second World War he commanded the Eighth Army from August 1942 in the Western Desert until the final Allied victory in Tunisia. This command included the Battle of El Alamein, a turning point in the Western Desert Campaign. He subsequently commanded the Eighth Army in Sicily and Italy before being given responsibility for planning the D-Day invasion in Normandy. He was in command of all Allied ground forces during Operation Overlord from the initial landings until after the Battle of Normandy. He then continued in command of the 21st Army Group for the rest of the campaign in North West Europe. As such he was the principal field commander for the failed airborne attempt to bridge the Rhine at Arnhem and the Allied Rhine crossing. On 4 May 1945 he took the German surrender at Lüneburg Heath in northern Germany. After the war he became Commander-in-Chief of the British Army of the Rhine in Germany and then Chief of the Imperial General Staff.
/m/067ghz	Alien is a 1979 British-American science-fiction horror film directed by Ridley Scott, and starring Tom Skerritt, Sigourney Weaver, Veronica Cartwright, Harry Dean Stanton, John Hurt, Ian Holm and Yaphet Kotto. The film's title refers to a highly aggressive extraterrestrial creature that stalks and kills the crew of a spaceship. Dan O'Bannon wrote the screenplay from a story he wrote with Ronald Shusett, drawing influence from previous works of science fiction and horror. The film was produced through Brandywine Productions and distributed by 20th Century Fox, with producers David Giler and Walter Hill making significant revisions and additions to the script. The eponymous Alien and its accompanying elements were designed by Swiss surrealist artist H. R. Giger, while concept artists Ron Cobb and Chris Foss designed the human aspects of the film.\nAlien received both critical acclaim and box office success, receiving an Academy Award for Best Visual Effects, Saturn Awards for Best Science Fiction Film, Best Direction for Scott, and Best Supporting Actress for Cartwright, and a Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation, along with numerous other award nominations. It has remained highly praised in subsequent decades, being inducted into the National Film Registry of the Library of Congress in 2002 for historical preservation as a film which is \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant\". In 2008, it was ranked as the seventh-best film in the science fiction genre by the American Film Institute, and as the 33rd greatest movie of all time by Empire magazine.
/m/02bd41	Central Java is a province of Indonesia. It forms the middle portion of the island of Java. The administrative capital is Semarang.\nThe province is 39,800.69 km² in area; approximately a quarter of the total land area of Java. Its population was 30,380,687 at the 2010 Census, making it the third most-populous province in Indonesia after West Java and East Java.\nCentral Java is also a cultural concept that includes the Special Region and city of Yogyakarta. However, administratively the city and surrounding region has been part of a separate special region since Indonesian independence.
/m/03f1d47	Macy Gray is an American R&B and soul singer-songwriter, musician, record producer, and actress, known for her distinctive raspy voice, and a singing style heavily influenced by Billie Holiday and Betty Davis.\nGray has released six studio albums, and received five Grammy Award nominations, winning one. She has appeared in a number of films, including Training Day, Spider-Man, Scary Movie 3, Lackawanna Blues, Idlewild and For Colored Girls. Gray is best known for her international hit single \"I Try\", taken from her multi-platinum debut album On How Life Is.
/m/084302	The Prestige is a 2006 British-American drama film directed by Christopher Nolan, from a screenplay adapted by Nolan and his brother Jonathan Nolan from Christopher Priest's 1995 World Fantasy Award-winning novel of the same name. The story follows Robert Angier and Alfred Borden, rival stage magicians in London at the end of the 19th century. Obsessed with creating the best stage illusion, they engage in competitive one-upmanship with tragic results.\nThe film features Hugh Jackman as Robert Angier, Christian Bale as Alfred Borden, and David Bowie as Nikola Tesla. It also stars Michael Caine, Scarlett Johansson, Piper Perabo, Andy Serkis, and Rebecca Hall. The film reunites Nolan with actors Bale and Caine from Batman Begins, and returning cinematographer Wally Pfister, production designer Nathan Crowley, film score composer David Julyan, and editor Lee Smith.\nThe film was released on October 20, 2006, receiving positive reviews and strong box office results, and received Academy Award nominations for Best Cinematography and Best Art Direction. Along with The Illusionist and Scoop, The Prestige was one of three films in 2006 to explore the world of stage magicians.
/m/06gmr	Rio de Janeiro, commonly referred to simply as Rio, is the capital city of the State of Rio de Janeiro, the second largest city of Brazil, and the third largest metropolitan area and agglomeration in South America, boasting approximately 6.3 million people within the city proper, making it the 6th largest in the Americas, and 26th in the world. Part of the city has been designated as a World Heritage Site, named \"Rio de Janeiro: Carioca Landscapes between the Mountain and the Sea\", identified by UNESCO on 1 July 2012 in the category Cultural Landscape.\nFounded in 1565, by the Portuguese, the city was initially the seat of the Captaincy of Rio de Janeiro, a captaincy of the Portuguese Empire. It later, in 1793, became the capital of the State of Brazil, a State of the Portuguese Empire. In 1808, when the Portuguese Royal Court transferred itself from Portugal to Brazil, Rio de Janeiro became the chosen seat of the court of Queen Maria I of Portugal, who subsequently, in 1815, under the leadership of her son, the Prince Regent, and future King João VI of Portugal, raised Brazil to the dignity of a kingdom, within the United Kingdom of Portugal, Brazil, and Algarves. Rio stayed the capital of the pluricontinental Lusitanian monarchy until 1822, when the War of Brazilian Independence began. It subsequently served as the capital of the independent monarchy, the Empire of Brazil, until 1889, and then the capital of a republican Brazil until 1960.
/m/01gb54	DreamWorks Studios also known as DreamWorks, LLC, DreamWorks SKG, DreamWorks Pictures, or simply DreamWorks, is a California film studio which develops, produces, and distributes films, video games and television programming. It has produced or distributed more than ten films with box-office grosses totaling more than $100 million each. Most of DreamWorks' films are marketed and distributed by The Walt Disney Studios under its Touchstone Pictures label.\nDreamWorks began in 1994 as an attempt by media moguls Steven Spielberg, Jeffrey Katzenberg and David Geffen to create a new Hollywood studio of which they owned 72%. In December 2005, the founders agreed to sell the studio to Viacom, parent of Paramount Pictures. The sale was completed in February 2006. In 2008, DreamWorks announced its intention to end its partnership with Paramount and signed a $1.5 billion deal to produce films with India's Reliance ADA Group. Reliance provided $325M of equity to fund recreating DreamWorks studio as an independent entity. Clark Hallren, former Managing Director of the Entertainment Industries group of J.P. Morgan Securities and Alan J. Levine of J.P. Morgan Entertainment Advisors led the Reliance team in structuring the capital and business plan for the company.
/m/049k07	Thomas Ian Nicholas is an American film actor, singer, musician, producer, director, and writer. Nicholas is best known for playing Henry Rowengartner in Rookie of the Year and Kevin Myers in the American Pie film series.
/m/06j8q_	Timothy Busfield is an American actor and director. He has played Eliot Weston on the television series Thirtysomething; Mark, Kevin Costner's brother-in-law in Field of Dreams; and Danny Concannon on the television series The West Wing. In 1991 he received a Primetime Emmy Award as best supporting actor in a drama series. He is also the founder of the 501c3 non-profit children's theatre Fantasy Theatre for Children and B Street Theatre.
/m/04s0m	Metaphysics is a traditional branch of philosophy concerned with explaining the fundamental nature of being and the world that encompasses it, although the term is not easily defined. Traditionally, metaphysics attempts to answer two basic questions in the broadest possible terms:\nWhat is ultimately there?\nWhat is it like?\nA person who studies metaphysics is called a metaphysicist or a metaphysician. The metaphysician attempts to clarify the fundamental notions by which people understand the world, e.g., existence, objects and their properties, space and time, cause and effect, and possibility. A central branch of metaphysics is ontology, the investigation into the basic categories of being and how they relate to each other. Another central branch of metaphysics is cosmology, the study of the origin, fundamental structure, nature, and dynamics of the universe. Some include Epistemology as another central tenet of metaphysics but this can be questioned.\nPrior to the modern history of science, scientific questions were addressed as a part of metaphysics known as natural philosophy. Originally, the term \"science\" simply meant \"knowledge\". The scientific method, however, transformed natural philosophy into an empirical activity deriving from experiment unlike the rest of philosophy. By the end of the 18th century, it had begun to be called \"science\" to distinguish it from philosophy. Thereafter, metaphysics denoted philosophical enquiry of a non-empirical character into the nature of existence. Some philosophers of science, such as the neo-positivists, say that natural science rejects the study of metaphysics, while other philosophers of science strongly disagree.
/m/01pcq3	Anna Helene Paquin is a Canadian-born New Zealand actress. Her first film was The Piano, for which she won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress in March 1994 at the age of 11, making her the second youngest winner in Oscar history. She later appeared in a number of successful films, including Fly Away Home, She's All That, Almost Famous, and the X-Men franchise. Paquin is also known for her role as Sookie Stackhouse in the HBO series True Blood, for which she won a Golden Globe Award for Best Performance by an Actress in a Television Series – Drama in 2009.
/m/02qsqmq	St Trinian's is the sixth in a long-running series of films based on the works of cartoonist Ronald Searle. The first five films form a series, starting with The Belles of St Trinian's in 1954, with sequels in 1957, 1960, 1966, and 1980.\nThe 2007 release, coming 27 years after the last entry and 53 years after the first film, is a rebooting of the franchise, rather than a direct sequel, with certain plot elements borrowed from the first film.\nSt Trinian's is an anarchic school for uncontrollable girls run by eccentric headmistress Camilla Dagey Fritton.
/m/07y_r	Vittorio De Sica was an Italian director and actor, a leading figure in the neorealist movement.\nFour of the films he directed won Academy Awards: Sciuscià and Bicycle Thieves were awarded honorary Oscars, while Ieri, oggi, domani and Il giardino dei Finzi Contini won the Best Foreign Language Film Oscar. Indeed, the great critical success of Sciuscià and Bicycle Thieves helped establish the permanent Best Foreign Film Oscar. These two films generally are considered part of the canon of classic cinema. Bicycle Thieves was cited by Turner Classic Movies as one of the 15 most influential films in cinema history.\nDe Sica was also nominated for the 1957 Oscar for Best Supporting Actor for playing Major Rinaldi in American director Charles Vidor's 1957 adaptation of Ernest Hemingway's A Farewell to Arms, a movie that was panned by critics and proved a box office flop. De Sica's acting was considered the highlight of the film.
/m/0b44shh	Beginners is a 2010 American romantic comedy-drama film written and directed by Mike Mills. It tells the story of Oliver, a man reflecting on the life and death of his father, Hal, while trying to forge a new romantic relationship with a woman, Anna, dealing with father issues of her own.\nBeginners premiered at the 2010 Toronto International Film Festival, where the Los Angeles Times heralded it as a \"heady, heartfelt film\" with a cast who has \"a strong sense of responsibility to their real-world counterparts\". Plummer received numerous accolades, including the 2011 Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor, for his performance.
/m/06nfl	Sonic Team Corp. is a Japanese computer and video game developer established in Ōta, Tokyo, Japan in 1990, originally known as Sega AM8. The Japan-based division is also known as G.E. Department Global Entertainment. The studio has worked with several in-house Japanese studios as well as other American-based studios such as STI and Visual Concepts. Sonic Team are best known for the Sonic the Hedgehog series. The American division was discontinued in 2008.
/m/02rb84n	The Adventures of Tintin, known as The Adventures of Tintin: The Secret of the Unicorn outside North America, is a 2011 American 3D motion capture computer-animated epic adventure film based on The Adventures of Tintin, the comics series by Belgian cartoonist Hergé. Directed by Steven Spielberg, produced by Peter Jackson, and written by Steven Moffat, Edgar Wright and Joe Cornish, the film is based on three of Hergé's albums: The Crab with the Golden Claws, The Secret of the Unicorn, and Red Rackham's Treasure. The cast includes Jamie Bell, Andy Serkis, Daniel Craig, Nick Frost and Simon Pegg.\nSpielberg acquired rights to produce a film based on The Adventures of Tintin series following Hergé's death in 1983, and re-optioned them in 2002. Filming was due to begin in October 2008 for a 2010 release, but release was delayed to 2011 after Universal opted out of producing the film with Paramount, who provided $30 million on pre-production. Sony chose to co-produce the film. The delay resulted in Thomas Sangster, who had been originally cast as Tintin, departing from the project. Producer Peter Jackson, whose company Weta Digital provided the computer animation, intends to direct a sequel. Spielberg and Jackson also hope to co-direct a third film. The world première took place on October 22, 2011 in Brussels. The film was released in the UK and other European countries on October 26, 2011, and in the USA on December 21, 2011, in Digital 3D and IMAX.
/m/04gxp2	The University of Michigan Law School is the law school of the University of Michigan, in Ann Arbor. Founded in 1859, the school has an enrollment of about 1,200 students, most of whom are seeking Juris Doctor or Master of Laws degrees, although the school also offers a Doctor of Juridical Science degree. The Law School has 81 full-time faculty members.\nMichigan Law School consistently ranks among the highest-rated law schools in the United States. It was ranked third in the initial U.S. News & World Report law school rankings in 1987, only below Yale and Harvard, and is one of seven schools never to appear outside the magazine's top 10. Therefore, Michigan Law is also one of the \"T14\" law schools, schools that have consistently ranked within the top 14 law schools since U.S. News began publishing rankings. In the 2013 U.S. News ranking, Michigan Law is ranked 9th overall, tied with UC Berkeley Law. The 2010 Super Lawyers rankings placed Michigan as second. Michigan Law is currently ranked 6th for International Law. In a 2011 U.S. News \"reputational ranking\" of law schools by hiring partners at the nation’s top law firms, the University of Michigan Law School ranked 4th. Only Yale Law School, Harvard Law School, and Columbia Law School have graduated more Supreme Court Justices than Michigan Law, and Michigan Law has placed more Supreme Court law clerks than any other public law school, with over 75 to date. Michigan Law is also among the handful of schools regularly sending substantial numbers of graduates into law teaching.
/m/02plp2	The Xbox 360 is a video game console developed by Microsoft, and is the successor to the original Xbox, and it is the second console in the Xbox series. The Xbox 360 competes with Sony's PlayStation 3 and Nintendo's Wii as part of the seventh generation of video game consoles. The Xbox 360 was officially unveiled on MTV on May 12, 2005, with detailed launch and game information divulged later that month at the Electronic Entertainment Expo.\nThe Xbox 360 features an online service, Xbox Live, which was expanded from its previous iteration on the original Xbox and received regular updates during the console's lifetime. Available in free and subscription-based varieties, Xbox Live allows users to: play games online; download games and game demos; purchase and stream music, television programs, and films through the Xbox Music and Xbox Video portals; and access third-party content services through media streaming applications. In addition to online multimedia features, the Xbox 360 allows users to stream media from local PCs. Several peripherals have been released, including wireless controllers, expanded hard drive storage, and the Kinect motion sensing camera. The release of these additional services and peripherals helped the Xbox brand grow from gaming-only to encompassing all multimedia, turning it into a hub for living-room computing entertainment.
/m/02pg45	Four Rooms is a 1995 anthology comedy film directed by Allison Anders, Alexandre Rockwell, Robert Rodriguez, and Quentin Tarantino, each directing one segment of the film that in its entirety is loosely based on the adult short fiction writings of Roald Dahl, especially Man from the South which is the basis for the last segment, Penthouse - \"The Man from Hollywood\" directed by Tarantino. The story is set in the fictional Hotel Mon Signor in Los Angeles on New Year's Eve. Tim Roth plays the hotel bellhop, the main character in the frame story, whose first night on the job consists of four very different encounters with various hotel guests.
/m/01c6yz	Lower Normandy is an administrative region of France. It was created in 1956, when the Normandy region was divided into Lower Normandy and Upper Normandy. The region includes three departments, Calvados, Manche and Orne, that cover the part of Normandy traditionally termed \"Lower Normandy\" lying west of the Dives River, the Pays d'Auge, a small part of the Pays d'Ouche, the Norman Perche and part of the \"French\" Perche. It covers 10,857 km², 3.2 percent of the surface area of France.\nThe traditional districts of Lower Normandy include the Cotentin Peninsula and La Hague, the Campagne de Caen, the Norman Bocage, the Bessin and the Avranchin.
/m/02ckl3	The Edmund A. Walsh School of Foreign Service is a school of international affairs within Georgetown University in Washington, D.C., United States. Currently ranked amongst the top foreign service schools, it stands first in the world at the graduate level. Jesuit priest Edmund A. Walsh founded the School of Foreign Service in 1919, recognizing the need for a school that would prepare Americans for roles as diplomats and business professionals in the wake of the U.S.' expanding involvement in the world after World War I. The school predates the U.S. Foreign Service by six years.\nToday, SFS hosts a student body of approximately 2,100 from 80 nations each year. It offers an undergraduate program based in the liberal arts, which leads to the Bachelor of Science in Foreign Service degree, as well as eight interdisciplinary graduate programs. Its faculty include many distinguished figures in international affairs, such as former U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright, former U.S. Director of Central Intelligence George Tenet, former President of Poland Aleksander Kwaśniewski, and former Prime Minister of Spain José María Aznar.\nThe School of Foreign Service is widely recognized as one of the world's leading international affairs schools and is sometimes referred to as the \"West Point of the U.S. diplomatic corps.\" In 2007, the Carnegie Endowment's Foreign Policy magazine ranked the school's undergraduate program third in the nation and its master's programs first in the nation. Famous alumni include former U.S. President Bill Clinton, former Philippine President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo, King Abdullah of Jordan, John Cardinal O’Connor, and Željko Komšić, Chairman of the Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina, among others.
/m/0fxrk	Hokkaido, formerly known as Ezo, Yezo, Yeso, or Yesso, is Japan's second largest island; it is also the largest and northernmost of Japan's 47 prefectures. The Tsugaru Strait separates Hokkaido from Honshu, although the two islands are connected by the underwater railway Seikan Tunnel. The largest city on Hokkaido is its capital, Sapporo, which is also its only ordinance-designated city.
/m/0c12h	John Marcellus Huston was an American film director, screenwriter and actor. He wrote the screenplays for most of the 37 feature films he directed, many of which are today considered classics: The Maltese Falcon, The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, Key Largo, The Asphalt Jungle, The African Queen, Moulin Rouge, The Misfits, and The Man Who Would Be King. During his 46-year career, Huston received 15 Oscar nominations, won twice, and directed both his father, Walter Huston, and daughter, Anjelica Huston, to Oscar wins in different films.\nHuston was known to direct with the vision of an artist, having studied and worked as a fine art painter in Paris in his early years. He continued to explore the visual aspects of his films throughout his career: sketching each scene on paper beforehand, then carefully framing his characters during the shooting. In addition, while most directors rely on post-production editing to shape their final work, Huston instead created his films while they were being shot, making his films both more economical and more cerebral, with little editing needed.\nMost of Huston's films were adaptations of important novels, often depicting a \"heroic quest,\" as in Moby Dick, or The Red Badge of Courage. In many films, different groups of people, while struggling toward a common goal, would become doomed, forming \"destructive alliances,\" giving the films a dramatic and visual tension. Many of his themes also involved some of the \"grand narratives\" of the twentieth century, such as religion, meaning, truth, freedom, psychology, colonialism and war.
/m/061xhr	Phytosterols, which encompass plant sterols and stanols, are steroid compounds similar to cholesterol which occur in plants and vary only in carbon side chains and/or presence or absence of a double bond. Stanols are saturated sterols, having no double bonds in the sterol ring structure. More than 200 sterols and related compounds have been identified. Free phytosterols extracted from oils are insoluble in water, relatively insoluble in oil, and soluble in alcohols.\nPhytosterol-enriched foods and dietary supplements have been marketed for decades. Despite well documented LDL cholesterol lowering effects, no scientifically proven evidence of any beneficial effect on cardiovascular disease or overall mortality exists.
/m/01hd99	The Armenian Apostolic Church is the world's oldest national church. It is part of Oriental Orthodoxy and is one of the most ancient Christian communities. Armenia was the first country to adopt Christianity as its official religion in AD 301, in establishing this church. The Armenian Apostolic Orthodox Church claims to trace its origins to the missions of Apostles Bartholomew and Thaddeus in the 1st century and is an early center of Christianity.\nIt is sometimes referred to as the Gregorian Church but this name is not preferred by the church itself, as it views the Apostles Bartholomew and Thaddeus as its founders, and St. Gregory the Illuminator as merely the first official governor of the church.
/m/0z1vw	Canton is a city in and the county seat of Stark County, Ohio, United States. Founded in 1805 alongside the Middle and West Branches of Nimishillen Creek, Canton became a heavy manufacturing center because of its numerous railroad lines. However, its status in that regard began to decline during the late 20th century, as shifts in the manufacturing industry led to the relocation or repositioning of many factories. After this decline, the city's industry diversified into the service economy, including retailing, education, finance and healthcare.\nCanton is located approximately 24 miles south of Akron, and 60 miles south of Cleveland, in the northeastern part of Ohio. Canton lies on the outskirts of the greater northeast Ohio metropolitan area anchored by Cleveland, and is also a short distance away from the periphery of the greater Pittsburgh area. The city serves as a gateway to Ohio's extensive Amish country, particularly in Holmes and Wayne counties to the city's west. Canton is located along the historic Lincoln Highway, the present-day Interstate 77, U.S. Route 30 and U.S. Route 62, and is also the terminus of the Cuyahoga Valley Scenic Railroad.\nAs of the 2010 Census, the city of Canton is the largest incorporated area in the Canton-Massillon Metropolitan Statistical Area, which includes all of Stark and Carroll counties. The CMMSA reported a population of 404,422. Canton's city population declined 9.7%, down to 73,007 residents. Despite this decline, the 2010 figure actually moved Canton from ninth to eighth place among Ohio cities. Nearby Youngstown in Mahoning County, once considerably more populous than Canton, suffered a larger decline.
/m/0n08r	Heaven's Gate is a 1980 American epic Western film written and directed by Michael Cimino. Loosely based on the Johnson County War, it portrays a fictional dispute between land barons and European immigrants in Wyoming in the 1890s. The cast includes Kris Kristofferson, Christopher Walken, Isabelle Huppert, Jeff Bridges, John Hurt, Sam Waterston, Brad Dourif, Joseph Cotten, Geoffrey Lewis, David Mansfield, Richard Masur, Terry O'Quinn, Mickey Rourke, and Willem Dafoe in his first film role.\nThere were major setbacks in the film's production due to cost and time overruns, negative press, and rumors about Cimino's allegedly overbearing directorial style. It is generally considered one of the biggest box office bombs of all time, and in some circles has been considered to be one of the worst films ever made. It opened to poor reviews and earned less than $3 million domestically, eventually contributing to the near collapse of its studio, United Artists, and effectively destroying the reputation of Cimino, previously one of the ascendant directors of Hollywood owing to his celebrated 1978 film The Deer Hunter, which had won Academy Awards for Best Picture and Best Director in 1979. Cimino had an expansive and ambitious vision for the film and pushed it about four times over its planned budget. The movie's financial problems and United Artists' consequent demise led to a move away from director-driven film production in the American film industry and a shift toward greater studio control of films.
/m/07rfp	The Taito Corporation is a Japanese publisher of video game software and arcade hardware and as of 2005, wholly owned by publisher Square Enix. Taito has their headquarters in the Shinjuku Bunka Quint Building in Yoyogi, Shibuya, Tokyo, sharing the facility with its parent company.\nTaito is best known for producing hit arcade games, such as Space Invaders and Bubble Bobble. They have produced arcade games all around the world, while also importing and distributing American coin-op video games in Japan. Taito also owns several arcades in Japan known as Taito Stations.\nTaito Corporation currently has a subsidiary in Beijing, China. In the past, the company had operated divisions in North America, Brazil, South Korea and Italy.
/m/0cgm9	Moldavia is a geographic and historical region and former principality in Eastern Europe, corresponding to the territory between the Eastern Carpathians and the Dniester river. An initially independent and later autonomous state, it existed from the 14th century to 1859, when it united with Wallachia as the basis of the modern Romanian state; at various times, the state included the regions of Bessarabia, all of Bukovina and Pokuttya. The western part of Moldavia is now part of Romania and the eastern part belongs to the Republic of Moldova, while the northern and south-eastern parts are territories of Ukraine.
/m/0bmpm	Going My Way is a 1944 American musical comedy-drama film directed by Leo McCarey and starring Bing Crosby and Barry Fitzgerald. Based on a story by Leo McCarey, the film is about a new young priest taking over a parish from an established old veteran. Crosby sings five songs in the film. Going My Way was followed the next year by a sequel, The Bells of St. Mary's.\nGoing My Way was the highest-grossing picture of 1944, and was nominated for 10 Academy Awards, winning 7, including Best Picture. Its success helped to make movie exhibitors choose Crosby as the biggest box-office draw of the year, a record he would hold for the remainder of the 1940s. After World War II, Bing Crosby and Leo McCarey presented a copy of the motion picture to Pope Pius XII at the Vatican.
/m/01zq91	The finance minister is an executive or cabinet position in a government in charge of one or more of government finances, economic policy and financial regulation.\nThe finance minister's portfolio has a large variety of names across the world, such as \"treasury\", \"finance\", \"financial affairs\", \"economy\" or \"economic affairs\". The position of the finance minister might be named for this portfolio, but it may also have some other name, like \"Treasurer\" or, in the United Kingdom, \"Chancellor of the Exchequer\".\nThe duties of a finance minister differ between countries. Typically, they encompass one or more of government finance, fiscal policy, and financial regulation, but there are significant differences between countries:\nin some countries the finance minister might also have oversight of monetary policy;\nin some countries the finance minister might be assisted by one or more other ministers with respect to fiscal policy or budget formation;\nin many countries there is a separate portfolio for economic policy in the form of a ministry of \"economic affairs\" or \"commerce\";
/m/02l96k	Acid rock is a form of psychedelic rock, which is characterized by long instrumental solos, few lyrics, and musical improvisation. Tom Wolfe describes the LSD-influenced music of the Jimi Hendrix Experience, Pink Floyd, the Doors, Iron Butterfly, Big Brother & the Holding Company, Cream, Jefferson Airplane, Ultimate Spinach, Blue Cheer, Quicksilver Messenger Service, the Great Society, Deep Purple and the Grateful Dead as \"acid rock\" in his book about Ken Kesey and the Acid Tests, The Electric Kool-Aid Acid Test.\n\"Acid rock\" also refers to the subset of psychedelic rock bands that were part of, or were influenced by, the San Francisco Sound, and which played loud, \"heavy\" music featuring long improvised solos.
/m/019dwp	West Virginia University is a public land grant research university in Morgantown, West Virginia. Its other campuses include the West Virginia University Institute of Technology in Montgomery and Potomac State College of West Virginia University in Keyser; and a second clinical campus for the University's medical and dental schools at Charleston Area Medical Center in Charleston. WVU Extension Service provides outreach with offices in all of West Virginia's 55 counties. Since 2001, WVU has been governed by the West Virginia University Board of Governors.\nEnrollment for the fall 2012 semester was 29,707 for the main campus, while enrollment across all campuses totaled 32,593. WVU offers 184 bachelor's, master's, doctoral, and professional degree programs in 14 colleges.\nWVU has produced 24 Rhodes Scholars, including former WVU president David C. Hardesty, Jr. The University also has produced 35 Goldwater Scholars, 22 Truman Scholars, and 5 members of USA Today's \"All‑USA College Academic First Team\".
/m/0ghd6l	The Football Association of Selangor, also known as Selangor FA or simply FAS, are a Malaysian football association based in the state of Selangor. FAS was founded in 22 February 1936 but has actually had a football team since 1921, which participated in the Malaya Cup. FAS were also one of the founding members of the Malayan Football Association.\nThe football first team of Selangor FA are currently playing in Malaysia Super League, the top division of Malaysian football league and the 80,000-person-capacity Stadium Shah Alam has been the home ground since 1994.
/m/04jb97	Anthony Perry, better known professionally as Wong Chau-Sang or Anthony Wong, is a Hong Kong Film Awards winning British-Hong Kong actor, screenwriter and film director.
/m/03gqgt3	The War on Terror, also known as the Global War on Terrorism is a term commonly applied to an international military campaign that started as a result of the 11 September 2001 terrorist attacks on the United States. This resulted in an international military campaign to eliminate al-Qaeda and other militant organizations. The United States and many other NATO and non-NATO nations such as Pakistan participate in the conflict.\nThe phrase 'War on Terror' was first used by U.S. President George W. Bush on 20 September 2001. The Bush administration and the Western media have since used the term to allege a global military, political, lawful, and conceptual struggle—targeting both organizations designated as terrorist and regimes accused of supporting them. It was typically used with a particular focus on countries supporting militant Islamists, including al-Qaeda and similar organizations.\nAlthough the term is no longer officially used by the administration of U.S. President Barack Obama, it is still commonly used by politicians, in the media and by some aspects of government officially, such as the United States' Global War on Terrorism Service Medal.
/m/08jbxf	Jade Bronson North is an Indigenous Australian football player who plays for Brisbane Roar in the A-League, and is a member of the Australian national football team.
/m/05znbh7	Bodyguards and Assassins is a 2009 Hong Kong film directed by Teddy Chan, featuring an all-star cast, including Donnie Yen, Nicholas Tse, Tony Leung Ka-fai, Leon Lai, Wang Xueqi, Simon Yam, Hu Jun, Eric Tsang, Cung Le and Fan Bingbing.
/m/015c2f	Cynthia Ellen Nixon is an American actress, best known for her portrayal of Miranda Hobbes in the HBO series Sex and the City, the film Sex and the City and its sequel Sex and the City 2. She is an Emmy, Grammy and Tony Award winner.\nNixon began her acting career in 1979, in the Afterschool Special The Seven Wishes of a Rich Kid and made her Broadway debut in 1980, in the revival of The Philadelphia Story. Other Broadway credits include, The Real Thing, Hurlyburly, Indiscretions, The Women, her Tony Award winning role in Rabbit Hole and Wit.\nFor her six seasons on Sex and the City, she received three Emmy nominations, winning in 2004. She won a second Emmy in 2008, for her guest role in Law and Order: Special Victims Unit. She also had a recurring role in the drama series The Big C. She won a Grammy Award for Best Spoken Word Album in 2009, for An Inconvenient Truth. In 2010, she received the Vito Russo Award at the GLAAD Media Awards.\nHer other films include, Amadeus, The Manhattan Project, Let It Ride, Baby's Day Out Warm Springs, Little Manhattan, The Babysitters and Rampart.
/m/027pfb2	Scarlett is a 1994 six hour miniseries loosely based on the sequel to Margaret Mitchell's novel, Gone with the Wind, written by Alexandra Ripley. The series was filmed at 53 locations in the United States and abroad, and stars Joanne Whalley as Scarlett O'Hara, Timothy Dalton as Rhett Butler, and Sean Bean as Lord Richard Fenton as well as many other notable British and American actors.
/m/02sdk9v	Forwards are the players on an association football team who play nearest to the opposing team's goal, and are therefore most responsible for scoring goals. Their advanced position and limited defensive responsibilities mean forwards normally score more goals than other players.\nModern team formations generally include one to three forwards; for example, the common 4-2-3-1 formation includes one forward. Unconventional formations may include more than three forwards, or none.
/m/01qbl	Cymbals are a common percussion instrument. Cymbals consist of thin, normally round plates of various alloys; see cymbal making for a discussion of their manufacture. The majority of cymbals are of indefinite pitch, although small disc-shaped cymbals based on ancient designs sound a definite note. Cymbals are used in many ensembles ranging from the orchestra, percussion ensembles, jazz bands, heavy metal bands, and marching groups. Drum kits usually incorporate at least a crash, ride or crash/ride, and a pair of hi-hat cymbals.
/m/0r0ls	Lynwood is a city in Los Angeles County, California, United States of America. As of the 2010 census, the city had a total population of 69,772, down from 69,845 at the 2000 census. Lynwood is located near South Gate and Compton in the southern portion of the Los Angeles Basin. Incorporated in 1921, the city is named for Mrs. Lynn Wood Sessions, wife of a local dairyman, Charles Sessions. The local railroad siding and later Pacific Electric Railway station were named after the dairy.
/m/0164w8	Conrad L. Hall was the husband of Katharine Ross.
/m/06jrhz	Paul Dini is an American writer and producer who works in the television and comic book industries. He is best known as a producer and writer for several Warner Bros./DC Comics animated series, including Star Wars: Ewoks, Tiny Toon Adventures, Batman: The Animated Series, Superman: The Animated Series, The New Batman/Superman Adventures, Batman Beyond and Duck Dodgers. He developed and scripted Krypto the Superdog and contributed scripts to Transformers, Animaniacs, Freakazoid, Justice League and Justice League Unlimited. After leaving Warner Bros. in early 2004, Dini went on to write and story edit the popular ABC adventure series Lost. He has written a number of comic books for DC Comics, including Harley Quinn and Superman: Peace on Earth. Fall 2010 saw the debut of Tower Prep, a new live action/drama series Dini created for Cartoon Network. It has been announced that after two decades of doing DC-related animated projects, Paul Dini will be going over to Marvel to serve as a writer and producer for Ultimate Spider-Man and Hulk and the Agents of S.M.A.S.H..
/m/036c_0	Tim Matheson is an American actor, director and producer. He is perhaps best known for his portrayal of the smooth-talking Eric \"Otter\" Stratton in the 1978 comedy National Lampoon's Animal House and the bitter Vice President John Hoynes in the NBC drama, The West Wing, and has had a variety of other well-known roles, including providing the voice of the lead character in the cartoon TV program Jonny Quest.
/m/0dlqv	Santiago, also Santiago de Chile, is the capital of Chile and the center of its largest conurbation. It is located in the country's central valley, at an elevation of 520 m above mean sea level.\nFounded in 1541, Santiago has been the capital city since colonial times. The city has a downtown core of 19th century neoclassical architecture and winding side-streets, dotted by art deco, neo-gothic, and other styles. Santiago's cityscape is shaped by several stand-alone hills and the fast-flowing Mapocho River, lined by parks such as Parque Forestal. Mountains of the Andes chain can be seen from most points in the city. These mountains contribute to a considerable smog problem, particularly during winter. The city outskirts are surrounded by vineyards, and Santiago is within a few hours of both the mountains and the Pacific Ocean.\nSantiago's steady economic growth over the past few decades has transformed it into a modern metropolis. The city is now home to growing theater and restaurant scenes, extensive suburban development, dozens of shopping centers, and a rising skyline, including the tallest building in Latin America, the Gran Torre Santiago. It includes several major universities, and has developed a modern transportation infrastructure, including a free flow toll-based, partly underground urban freeway system and the Metro de Santiago, South America's most extensive subway system. Santiago is the cultural, political and financial center of Chile and is home to the regional headquarters of many multinational corporations. The Chilean executive and judicial powers are located in Santiago, but Congress meets in nearby Valparaíso.
/m/03kdl	Herbert Clark Hoover was the 31st President of the United States. Hoover, born to a Quaker family, was a professional mining engineer. He achieved American and international prominence in humanitarian relief efforts in war-time Belgium and served as head of the U.S. Food Administration during World War I. As the United States Secretary of Commerce in the 1920s under Presidents Warren G. Harding and Calvin Coolidge, he promoted partnerships between government and business under the rubric \"economic modernization\". In the presidential election of 1928, Hoover easily won the Republican nomination, despite having no elected-office experience. Hoover is the most recent cabinet secretary to be elected President of the United States, as well as one of only two Presidents elected without electoral experience or high military rank. America was at the height of an economic bubble at the time, facilitating a landslide victory for Hoover over Democrat Al Smith.\nHoover, a globally experienced engineer, believed strongly in the Efficiency Movement, which held that the government and the economy were riddled with inefficiency and waste, and could be improved by experts who could identify the problems and solve them. He also believed in the importance of volunteerism and of the role of individuals in society and the economy. Hoover, who had made a small fortune in mining, was the first of two Presidents to redistribute their salary. When the Wall Street Crash of 1929 struck less than eight months after he took office, Hoover tried to combat the ensuing Great Depression with government enforced efforts, public works projects such as the Hoover Dam, tariffs such as the Smoot-Hawley Tariff, an increase in the top tax bracket from 25% to 63%, and increases in corporate taxes. These initiatives did not produce economic recovery during his term, but served as the groundwork for various policies incorporated in Franklin D. Roosevelt's New Deal. After 1933, he became a spokesman in opposition to the domestic and foreign policies of the New Deal. In 1947, President Harry S. Truman brought him back to help make the federal bureaucracy more efficient through the Hoover Commission. The consensus among historians is that Hoover's defeat in the 1932 election was caused primarily by his failure to end the downward economic spiral, although his support for strong enforcement of prohibition was also a significant factor. Hoover is generally ranked lower than average among U.S. Presidents.
/m/0g768	Atlantic Records is an American record label best known for its many recordings of rhythm and blues, rock and roll, and jazz. Over its first 20 years of operation Atlantic earned a reputation as one of the most important American independent recording labels, specializing in jazz, R&B and soul recordings by African-American artists, a position greatly enhanced by its distribution deal with Stax Records.\nIn 1967 Atlantic became a wholly owned subsidiary of Warner Bros.-Seven Arts, now the Warner Music Group, and expanded into rock and pop music, signing Cream, Led Zeppelin, Yes and Foreigner. In 2004 Atlantic Records and its sister label Elektra Records merged into Atlantic Records Group. Craig Kallman is currently Chairman of Atlantic Records. Label co-founder Ahmet Ertegün served as Founding Chairman until his death on December 14, 2006, at age 83. The label also has a number of deals with previously independent labels such as Must Destroy and VP Records.
/m/0gv2r	Lewis Milestone was a Russian-born American motion picture director. He is known for directing Two Arabian Knights and All Quiet on the Western Front, both of which received Academy Awards for Best Director. He also directed The Front Page, The General Died at Dawn, Of Mice and Men, Ocean's 11, and Mutiny on the Bounty.
/m/02c638	Mystic River is a 2003 American drama thriller film directed, co-produced and scored by Clint Eastwood, starring Sean Penn, Tim Robbins, Kevin Bacon, Laurence Fishburne, Marcia Gay Harden, Laura Linney and Emmy Rossum. The film was written by Brian Helgeland, based on Dennis Lehane's novel of the same name.\nThe film opened to widespread critical acclaim. It was nominated for Academy Awards for Best Picture, Best Director, Best Actor, Best Adapted Screenplay, Best Supporting Actress and Best Supporting Actor. Sean Penn won Best Actor and Tim Robbins won Best Supporting Actor, making Mystic River the first film to win both awards since Ben-Hur in 1959.
/m/01z27	Cross-country skiing is a form of ski touring in which participants propel themselves across snow-covered terrain using skis and poles. The activity is popular in many places with large snowfields, primarily Northern Europe, Canada, and Alaska.\nCross-country skiing is part of the Nordic skiing sport family, which includes ski jumping, Nordic combined, biathlon and ski-orienteering. Cross-country skiing is the modern style of skiing that most resembles prehistoric skiing, particularly when done in the backcountry. It is also related to telemark skiing.
/m/0265wl	The Nebula Awards are given each year by the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America for the best science fiction or fantasy fiction published in the United States during the previous year. The award has been described as one of \"the most important of the American science fiction awards\" and \"the science-fiction and fantasy equivalent\" of the Emmy Awards. The Nebula Award for Best Novella is given each year for science fiction or fantasy novellas published in English or translated into English and released in the United States or on the internet during the previous calendar year. A work of fiction is defined by the organization as a novella if it is between 17,500 and 40,000 words; awards are also given out for pieces of longer lengths in the novel category, and for shorter lengths in the short story and novelette categories. The Nebula Award for Best Novella has been awarded annually since 1966. Novellas published by themselves are eligible for the novel award instead if the author requests them to be considered as such.\nNebula Award nominees and winners are chosen by members of the SFWA, though the authors of the nominees do not need to be members. Works are nominated each year between November 15 and February 15 by published authors who are members of the organization, and the six works that receive the most nominations then form the final ballot, with additional nominees possible in the case of ties. Members may then vote on the ballot throughout March, and the final results are presented at the Nebula Awards ceremony in May. Authors are not permitted to nominate their own works, and ties in the final vote are broken, if possible, by the number of nominations the works received. The rules were changed to their current format in 2009. Previously, the eligibility period for nominations was defined as one year after the publication date of the work, which allowed the possibility for works to be nominated in the calendar year after their publication and then be awarded in the calendar year after that. Works were added to a preliminary list for the year if they had ten or more nominations, which were then voted on to create a final ballot, to which the SFWA organizing panel was also allowed to add an additional work.
/m/04hw4b	David Samuel Goyer is an American screenwriter, film director, novelist, and comic book writer.\nHis screenwriting works includes the Blade trilogy, Christopher Nolan's Batman trilogy, Dark City and Man of Steel, while he directed four feature films: Zig Zag, Blade: Trinity, The Invisible, and The Unborn.\nGoyer also acted as co-writer of video games Call of Duty: Black Ops and its sequel Call of Duty: Black Ops II. He won a Saturn Award for Best Writing for Batman Begins, receiving another nomination for Dark City, and was nominated for four Hugo Awards.
/m/01r9c_	Steven Berkoff is an English actor, author, playwright and theatre director. As an actor, he is best known for his performances in villainous roles, such as Lt. Col Podovsky in Rambo: First Blood Part II, General Orlov in the James Bond film Octopussy, Victor Maitland in Beverly Hills Cop and Adolf Hitler in the TV mini-series War and Remembrance.
/m/0g5q34q	Heartbeats is a 2010 Canadian drama film directed by Xavier Dolan. It follows the story of two friends who both fall in love with the same man. It premiered in the Un Certain Regard section of the 2010 Cannes Film Festival.
/m/0392kz	Aya Hisakawa is a Japanese voice actress and J-pop singer born in Kaizuka, Osaka. In addition to releasing various solo CDs, she is well known for her anime voice roles, and has also done some work in video games. She is best known for her role of Sailor Mercury of Sailor Moon fame and also Cerberus from Cardcaptor Sakura. She performs some of her roles in her native Kansai-ben. Hisakawa is currently affiliated with Aoni Production.
/m/01cpjx	Major general or major-general is a military rank used in many countries. It is derived from the older rank of sergeant major general. A major general is a high-ranking officer, normally subordinate to the rank of lieutenant general and senior to the ranks of brigadier and brigadier general. Where relevant, major general has a NATO code of OF-7, and is considered to be a two-star rank. A major general in most armies commands a division, however in some countries he commands a brigade.\nIn some instances, such as in Estonia, the highest rank currently in use is that of major general.
/m/05p9_ql	Nurse Jackie is an American medical dark comedy-drama series. It premiered on Showtime, Movie Central, and The Movie Network, on June 8, 2009.\nThe show stars Edie Falco as the title character Jackie Peyton, an emergency department nurse at All Saints' Hospital in New York City. For Jackie, \"every day is a high wire act of juggling patients, doctors, fellow nurses, and her own indiscretions.\"
/m/0ccxx6	Post-metal is a fusion music genre, a mixture between the genres of post-rock, heavy metal, and shoegazing.\nHydra Head Records owner and Isis frontman Aaron Turner originally termed the genre \"thinking man's metal\", demonstrating that his band was trying to move away from common metal conventions. \"Post-metal\" is the favored name for the growing genre, but it is also referred to as \"metalgaze\" or \"shoegaze metal\" as a play on shoegazing, as well as \"atmospheric metal\", \"atmospheric sludge metal\" or \"experimental metal\", though this last term is also used to describe avant-garde metal.
/m/01kc4s	Cambridge United Football Club is a professional football club from Cambridge, England. They compete in the Conference Premier, the fifth tier of the English league system, where they have played since the 2005–06 season, following their relegation from the Football League after 35 years.\nCambridge United have had two spells in the league's second tier, reached the quarter-finals of the FA Cup twice and Football League Cup once. United's highest ever finishing place in the Football League is fifth in the Second Division during the 1991–92 season, narrowly missing out on being promoted to the first tier and becoming founding members of the Premier League. The club is based at the Abbey Stadium on Newmarket Road, approximately 3 kilometres east of Cambridge city centre. The stadium currently has a capacity of 10,847 made up of terracing and seated areas.\nAlthough the club has traditionally worn amber and black at home, it has experimented with a number of designs of shirts including plain amber with black trim, amber and black squares, stripes and, amber with a black sash. The club has close links with Cambridge Regional College, a team formed in 2006 as a de facto reserve team.
/m/06jnv	Rhodesia, officially the Republic of Rhodesia from 1970 to 1979, was an unrecognised state located in southern Africa during the Cold War. From 1965 to 1979, it comprised the region now known as Zimbabwe. The country, with its capital in Salisbury, was considered a de facto successor state to the former British colony of Southern Rhodesia.\nDuring an effort to delay an immediate transition to black majority rule, Rhodesia's predominantly white government issued its own Unilateral Declaration of Independence from the United Kingdom on 11 November 1965. The UDI administration initially sought recognition as an autonomous realm within the Commonwealth of Nations, but reconstituted itself as a republic in 1970.\nFollowing a brutal guerrilla war fought with two rival African nationalist organisations, Rhodesian premier Ian Smith conceded to biracial democracy in 1978. However, a provisional government subsequently headed by Smith and his moderate colleague Abel Muzorewa failed in appeasing international critics or halting the bloodshed.\nBy December 1979, Muzorewa had replaced Smith as Prime Minister and secured an agreement with the militant African factions, allowing Rhodesia to briefly revert to colonial status under direct British control pending popular elections. Independence deemed legitimate by Britain and the United Nations was finally achieved in April 1980; the nation was concurrently renamed the Republic of Zimbabwe.
/m/06ppq	A silent film is a film with no synchronized recorded sound, especially with no spoken dialogue. In silent films for entertainment the dialogue is transmitted through muted gestures, mime and title cards. The idea of combining motion pictures with recorded sound is nearly as old as film itself, but because of the technical challenges involved, synchronized dialogue was only made practical in the late 1920s with the perfection of the Audion amplifier tube and the introduction of the Vitaphone system. After the release of The Jazz Singer in 1927, \"talkies\" became more and more commonplace. Within a decade, popular widespread production of silent films had ceased.\nA September 2013 report by the United States Library of Congress announced that a total of 70% of American silent films are believed to be completely lost.
/m/04mby	Lyman Frank Baum, known as L. Frank Baum, was an American author of children's books, best known for writing The Wonderful Wizard of Oz. He wrote thirteen novel sequels, nine other fantasy novels, and a host of other works, and made numerous attempts to bring his works to the stage and screen. His works anticipated such century-later commonplaces as television, augmented reality, laptop computers, wireless telephones, women in high risk, action-heavy occupations, and the ubiquity of advertising on clothing.
/m/0y1rf	Rochester is a city in Monroe County, New York, south of Lake Ontario in the United States. Known as the World's Image Center, it was also once known as the Flour City, and more recently as The Flower City, annually hosting the Lilac Festival. It is the county seat for Monroe County.\nRochester's city population according to the 2010 census is approximately 210,565, making it New York's third most populous city after New York City and Buffalo. It is at the center of a larger metropolitan area which encompasses and extends beyond Monroe County and includes Genesee County, Livingston County, Ontario County, Orleans County and Wayne County. This area, which is part of the Western New York region, had a population of 1,079,671 people at the time of the 2010 Census. As of July 1, 2012 Estimates indicated that this population rose to 1,082,284. Rochester was one of America's first \"boomtowns\" and rose to prominence initially as the site of many flour mills located on the Genesee River, then as a major manufacturing hub. Rochester is now an international center of higher education, as well as medical and technological development. The region is known for many acclaimed universities, and several of them are nationally renowned for their research programs. In addition, Rochester has been and continues to be the site of many important inventions and innovations in consumer products. The Rochester area is currently home to corporations such as Kodak, Bausch & Lomb and Xerox that conduct extensive research and manufacturing in the fields of industrial and consumer products. The Rochester metropolitan area is the second largest regional economy in New York State according to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service, after the New York City metropolitan area.
/m/0cw10	Queen Victoria was the monarch of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland from 20 June 1837 until her death. From 1 May 1876, she used the additional title of Empress of India.\nVictoria was the daughter of Prince Edward, Duke of Kent and Strathearn, the fourth son of King George III. Both the Duke of Kent and King George III died in 1820, and Victoria was raised under close supervision by her German-born mother Princess Victoria of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld. She inherited the throne at the age of 18, after her father's three elder brothers had all died, leaving no legitimate, surviving children. The United Kingdom was already an established constitutional monarchy, in which the sovereign held relatively little direct political power. Privately, Victoria attempted to influence government policy and ministerial appointments. Publicly, she became a national icon, and was identified with strict standards of personal morality.\nVictoria married her first cousin, Prince Albert of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, in 1840. Their nine children married into royal and noble families across the continent, tying them together and earning her the nickname \"the grandmother of Europe\". After Albert's death in 1861, Victoria plunged into deep mourning and avoided public appearances. As a result of her seclusion, republicanism temporarily gained strength, but in the latter half of her reign, her popularity recovered. Her Golden and Diamond Jubilees were times of public celebration.
/m/01_4z	Chiang Kai-shek was a 20th-century Chinese political and military leader. He is known as Chiang Chie-shih or Chiang Chung-cheng in Standard Chinese. Chiang was an influential member of the Kuomintang, the Chinese Nationalist Party, and was a close ally of Sun Yat-sen. He became the Commandant of the Kuomintang's Whampoa Military Academy and took Sun's place as leader of the KMT when Sun died in 1925. In 1926, Chiang led the Northern Expedition to unify the country, becoming China's nominal leader. He served as Chairman of the National Military Council of the Nationalist government of the Republic of China from 1928 to 1948. Chiang led China in the Second Sino-Japanese War, consolidating power from the party's former regional warlords. Unlike Sun Yat-sen, Chiang Kai-shek was socially conservative, promoting traditional Chinese culture in the New Life Movement and rejecting western democracy and the nationalist democratic socialism that Sun embraced in favour of an authoritarian government.\nChiang's predecessor, Sun Yat-sen, was well-liked and respected by the Communists, but after Sun's death Chiang was not able to maintain good relations with the Chinese Communist Party. A major split between the Nationalists and Communists occurred in 1927; and, under Chiang's leadership, the Nationalists fought a nation-wide civil war against the Communists. After Japan invaded China in 1937, Chiang agreed to a temporary truce with the CCP. Despite some early cooperative military successes against Japan, by the time that the Japanese surrendered in 1945 neither the CCP nor the KMT trusted each other or were actively cooperating.
/m/0d05w3	China, officially the People's Republic of China, is a sovereign state located in East Asia. It is the world's most populous country, with a population of over 1.35 billion. The PRC is a single-party state governed by the Communist Party, with its seat of government in the capital city of Beijing. It exercises jurisdiction over 22 provinces, five autonomous regions, four direct-controlled municipalities, and two mostly self-governing special administrative regions. The PRC also claims Taiwan – which is controlled by the Republic of China, a separate political entity – as its 23rd province, a claim which is controversial due to the complex political status of Taiwan.\nCovering approximately 9.6 million square kilometers, China is the world's second-largest country by land area, and either the third or fourth-largest by total area, depending on the method of measurement. China's landscape is vast and diverse, ranging from forest steppes and the Gobi and Taklamakan deserts in the arid north to subtropical forests in the wetter south. The Himalaya, Karakoram, Pamir and Tian Shan mountain ranges separate China from South and Central Asia. The Yangtze and Yellow Rivers, the third- and sixth-longest in the world, run from the Tibetan Plateau to the densely populated eastern seaboard. China's coastline along the Pacific Ocean is 14,500 kilometres long, and is bounded by the Bohai, Yellow, East and South China Seas.
/m/0hmyfsv	Facebook Inc. is an American company headquartered in Menlo Park , California. The company owns the social network Facebook .
/m/0b1q7c	Burn Hugh Gorman is an American-born English actor and musician. He is best known for portraying Owen Harper in Torchwood, William Guppy in Bleak House, and Stryver in The Dark Knight Rises. He is also known for his appearances in the ITV soap opera Coronation Street and films such as Johnny English Reborn, Red Lights, and Pacific Rim.
/m/0dt_q_	Atromitos Football Club is a football club based in Peristeri, Athens that plays in the Super League Greece. It was founded in 1923 and its home ground is the 10,200-seater Peristeri Stadium
/m/0gtvrv3	Cosmopolis is a 2012 Canadian drama thriller film written, produced, as well as directed by David Cronenberg and starring Robert Pattinson. It is based on the novel of the same name by Don DeLillo. On 25 May 2012, the film premiered in competition for the Palme d'Or at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival, drawing mixed early critical reactions. The film was released in Canada on 8 June 2012, and began a limited release in the United States on 17 August 2012. It is Cronenberg's first foray into script writing since 1999's eXistenZ.
/m/0k9wp	The United States Air Force Academy is a military academy for officer candidates for the United States Air Force. Its campus is located immediately north of Colorado Springs in El Paso County, Colorado, United States. The Academy's stated mission is \"to educate, train, and inspire men and women to become officers of character, motivated to lead the United States Air Force in service to our nation.\" It is the youngest of the five United States service academies, having graduated its first class in 1959. Graduates of the Academy's four-year program receive a Bachelor of Science degree, and are commissioned as second lieutenants in the United States Air Force. The Academy is also one of the largest tourist attractions in Colorado, attracting more than a million visitors each year.\nCandidates for admission are judged on their academic achievement, demonstrated leadership, athletics and character. To gain admission, candidates must also pass a fitness test, undergo a thorough medical examination, and secure a nomination, which usually comes from the member of Congress in the candidate's home district. Recent incoming classes have had about 1,200 cadets; historically just under 1,000 of those will graduate. Tuition along with room and board are all paid for by the U.S. government. Cadets receive a monthly stipend, but incur a commitment to serve a number of years of military service after graduation.
/m/06q5t7	Jason Jordan Segel is an American actor, screenwriter, songwriter, singer, puppeteer and musician. He is known for his role as Marshall Eriksen in the CBS hit sitcom How I Met Your Mother, as well as his work with producer Judd Apatow on the cult classic, short-lived television series Freaks and Geeks and Undeclared; the films Forgetting Sarah Marshall; Knocked Up; I Love You, Man; Gulliver's Travels; Bad Teacher; Despicable Me; The Muppets and The Five-Year Engagement.
/m/047gpsd	My Sisters's Keeper is a 2009 drama directed by Nick Cassavetes and starring Cameron Diaz, Abigail Breslin, Sofia Vassilieva, and Alec Baldwin. Based on Jodi Picoult's novel of the same name, My Sister's Keeper was released in the United States, Canada, Ireland, Mexico, and the United Kingdom on June 26, 2009.\nOn the movie, it will create a television series aired in 2015.
/m/026_dq6	Sam Brody Jenner is an American television personality and model. The son of the 1976 Summer Olympics decathlon champion Bruce Jenner and actress Linda Thompson, he was born and raised in Los Angeles, California. In 2005, Jenner appeared in the reality television series The Princes of Malibu, which additionally featured his eldest brother Brandon Jenner and his friend Spencer Pratt.\nIn 2007, he began dating Lauren Conrad, a primary cast member of The Hills, and subsequently came to prominence after being cast in the series during the second season. Their brief relationship ultimately ended his friendship with Pratt. The following year, Jenner was commissioned his own spin-off series Bromance, in which he was intended to find another companion in Pratt's absence. However, it was cancelled after its inaugural season after receiving underwhelming ratings.\nIn 2009, Conrad left The Hills to pursue other career opportunities, and was replaced by Jenner's ex-girlfriend Kristin Cavallari. Their rekindled relationship became the central focus of the series until its conclusion the following year. In 2013, Jenner returned to reality television after being cast in Keeping Up with the Kardashians during the eighth season, which features his father Bruce; his stepmother Kris Jenner; his stepsiblings Kourtney, Kim, Khloé, and Rob Kardashian; and his half-sisters Kendall and Kylie Jenner.
/m/0bs8ndx	Super is a 2010 American dark comedy superhero film written and directed by James Gunn, starring Rainn Wilson, Ellen Page, Liv Tyler, Kevin Bacon and Nathan Fillion. The film premiered at the 2010 Toronto International Film Festival and was released in theaters in the United States on April 1, 2011 and on video on demand on April 13, 2011. The film was released unrated in U.S. theaters, and later received an R rating for its DVD/Blu-ray release.
/m/08gsvw	Quantum of Solace is the twenty-second James Bond film produced by Eon Productions, and is the direct sequel to the 2006 film Casino Royale. Directed by Marc Forster, it features Daniel Craig's second performance as James Bond. In the film, Bond seeks revenge for the death of his lover, Vesper Lynd, and is assisted by Camille Montes, who is plotting revenge for the murder of her family. The trail eventually leads them to wealthy businessman Dominic Greene, a member of the Quantum organisation, who intends to stage a coup d'état in Bolivia to seize control of that country's water supply.\nProducer Michael G. Wilson developed the film's plot while Casino Royale was being shot. Neal Purvis, Robert Wade, Paul Haggis and Joshua Zetumer contributed to the script. Daniel Craig and Marc Forster had to write some sections themselves due to the Writers Strike, though they were not given the screenwriter credit in the final cut. The title was chosen from a 1959 short story in Ian Fleming's For Your Eyes Only, though the film does not contain any elements of the original story. Location filming took place in Mexico, Panama, Chile, Italy, Austria and Wales while interior sets were built and filmed at Pinewood Studios. Forster aimed to make a modern film that also featured classic cinema motifs: a vintage Douglas DC-3 was used for a flight sequence, and Dennis Gassner's set designs are reminiscent of Ken Adam's work on several early Bond films. Taking a course away from the usual Bond villains, Forster rejected any grotesque appearance for the character Dominic Greene to emphasise the hidden and secret nature of the film's contemporary villains.
/m/01797x	Peter Kenneth Frampton is an English rock musician, singer, songwriter, producer, guitarist and multi-instrumentalist. He was previously associated with the bands Humble Pie and The Herd. Frampton's international breakthrough album was his live release, Frampton Comes Alive!. The album sold more than six million copies in the United States alone and spawned several hits. Since then he has released several major albums. He has also worked with David Bowie and both Matt Cameron and Mike McCready from Pearl Jam, among others. Frampton is best known for such hits as \"Breaking All The Rules\", \"Show Me the Way\", \"Baby, I Love Your Way\", \"Do You Feel Like We Do\", and \"I'm in You\", which remain staples on classic-rock radio. He has also appeared as himself in television shows such as The Simpsons and Family Guy. Frampton is known for his work as a guitar player and particularly with a Talkbox and his tenor voice.
/m/0fvzg	Oklahoma City is the capital of the U.S. state of Oklahoma and its largest city. The county seat of Oklahoma County, the city ranks 29th among United States cities in population. As of the 2012 census, the population was 599,199. In 2010 the Oklahoma City metropolitan area had a population of 1,252,987, and the Oklahoma City-Shawnee Combined Statistical Area had a population of 1,322,249 residents, making it Oklahoma's largest metropolitan area. Oklahoma City's city limits extend into Canadian, Cleveland, and Pottawatomie counties, though much of those areas outside of the core Oklahoma County area are suburban or rural. The city ranks as the eighth-largest city in the United States by land area.\nOklahoma City features one of the largest livestock markets in the world. Oil, natural gas, petroleum products and related industries are the largest sector of the local economy. The city is situated in the middle of an active oil field and oil derricks dot the capitol grounds. The federal government employs large numbers of workers at Tinker Air Force Base and the United States Department of Transportation's Mike Monroney Aeronautical Center.
/m/06__c	Samba is a Brazilian dance and musical genre originating in Bahia, Brazil, and with its roots in Rio de Janeiro and Africa via the West African slave trade and African religious traditions. It is recognized around the world as a symbol of Brazil and the Brazilian Carnival. Considered one of the most popular Brazilian cultural expressions, samba has become an icon of Brazilian national identity. The Bahian Samba de Roda, which became a UNESCO Heritage of Humanity in 2005, is the main root of the samba carioca, the samba that is played and danced in Rio de Janeiro.\nThe modern samba that emerged at the beginning of the 20th century is predominately in a 2/4 tempo varied with the conscious use of a sung chorus to a batucada rhythm, with various stanzas of declaratory verses. Traditionally, the samba is played by strings and various percussion instruments such as tamborim. Influenced by American orchestras in vogue since the Second World War and the cultural impact of US music post-war, samba began to use trombones, trumpets, choros, flutes, and clarinets.\nIn addition to distinct rhythms and bar, samba brings a whole historical culture of food, varied dances, parties, clothes such as linen shirts, and the NAIF painting of established names such as Nelson Sargento, Guilherme de Brito, and Heitor dos Prazeres. Anonymous community artists, including painters, sculptors, designers, and stylists, make the clothes, costumes, carnival floats, and cars, opening the doors of schools of samba. There are also a great tradition of Balroom samba in Brazil, with many styles. Samba de Gafieira is the style more famous in Rio de Janeiro, where comom people used to go to the gafieira parties since the 30's, and where the moves and identity of this dance has emerged, getting more and more different from its African, European, Argentinian and Cuban origins and influences.
/m/07y0n	The Department of Defense is the executive department of the government of the United States charged with coordinating and supervising all agencies and functions of the government concerned directly with national security and the United States Armed Forces. The Department is also the largest employer in the world, with more than 2.13 million active duty soldiers, sailors, marines, airmen, and civilian workers, and over 1.1 million National Guardsmen and members of the Army, Navy, Air Force, and Marine Reserves. The grand total is just over 3.2 million servicemen, servicewomen, and civilians.\nThe Department – headed by the Secretary of Defense – has three subordinate military departments: the U.S. Department of the Army, the U.S. Department of the Navy, and the U.S. Department of the Air Force which oversee the U.S. Army, U.S. Navy, U.S. Marine Corps, and the U.S. Air Force. In addition, four national intelligence services are subordinate to DOD - the Defense Intelligence Agency, the National Security Agency, the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency, and the National Reconnaissance Office. Other Defense Agencies include Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, the Defense Logistics Agency, the Missile Defense Agency, Defense Threat Reduction Agency, and the Pentagon Force Protection Agency, all of which are under the command of the Secretary of Defense. DOD's military operations are managed by nine regional or functional Unified Combatant Commands. DOD also operates several joint services schools, including the National Defense University and the National War College.
/m/03c0t9	Club Atlético San Lorenzo de Almagro is an Argentine sports club based in the Boedo neighbourhood of Buenos Aires which is best known for its football team which plays in the Primera División, the top division of the Argentine football league system.\nOther sports practised at the club are basketball, field hockey, handball, martial arts, tennis, volleyball and rugby union.\nSan Lorenzo gained international recognition in March 2013 with the election of Pope Francis, a supporter of the club. The players played with the Pope's photo on their shirts during a league match against Colón de Santa Fe on 16 March 2013.
/m/0830vk	The Holiday is a 2006 American Christmas-themed romantic comedy film written, produced and directed by Nancy Meyers. Distributed by Columbia Pictures and Universal Studios and filmed in both California and England, it stars Cameron Diaz and Kate Winslet as two lovelorn women from opposite sides of the Atlantic Ocean, who temporarily exchange homes to escape heartbreak during the holiday season. Jude Law and Jack Black co-star, with Eli Wallach, Shannyn Sossamon, Edward Burns and Rufus Sewell playing key supporting roles.\nThe Holiday was first released on December 6, 2006, in Spain and on December 8, 2006, in North America and the United Kingdom. It grossed over $205 million worldwide. Reviews were positive towards the film's visual aesthetic design and the acting, most notably Winslet's performance as society column editor Iris. However, the plot drew a mixed response from critics, who criticized plot elements that lacked any surprises or were predictable. Diaz garnered an ALMA Award nomination for her performance, while Winslet was nominated for an Irish Film and Television Award the following year. The film itself won the 2007 Teen Choice Award in the Chick Flick category.
/m/01kxxq	A Bachelor of Commerce is an undergraduate degree in commerce and related subjects. The degree is also known as the Bachelor of Commerce and Administration, or BCA. It is predominantly offered in Commonwealth nations; however, the degree is no longer offered in the United Kingdom. It is generally offered as a, full-time, three or four-year program.
/m/076_74	James Schamus is an award-winning screenwriter, co-founder of Good Machine production company, and he CEO of Focus Features until its merging with FilmDistrict, the motion picture production, financing, and worldwide distribution company. His output includes as screenwriter The Ice Storm, Eat, Drink, Man, Woman, both directed by Ang Lee, and as producer Brokeback Mountain, Lost in Translation, Milk, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, The Pianist, Coraline, and The Kids Are All Right. He is Professor of Professional Practice in Columbia University’s School of the Arts, where he teaches film history and theory. He is the author of Carl Theodor Dreyer's Gertrud: The Moving Word, published by the University of Washington Press. He earned his BA, MA, and Ph.D. in English from University of California, Berkeley.\nSchamus participates as a member of the Jury for the NYICFF, a local New York City Film Festival dedicated to screening films for children between the ages of 3 and 18. He was president of the jury for the 64th Berlin International Film Festival.
/m/015vq_	Robert William \"Bob\" Hoskins, Jr. is a retired English actor known for playing Cockneys and gangsters. He has appeared in films such as The Long Good Friday, Mona Lisa, Who Framed Roger Rabbit, Mermaids, Hook, Nixon, A Christmas Carol, Neverland, and his final role in Snow White and the Huntsman.\nHoskins was the recipient of the prestigious Prix d'interprétation masculine as well as winning the BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role and Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Drama for his role in Mona Lisa and an International Emmy Award for best actor for his appearance on BBC One drama The Street in 2009.
/m/016376	The Isley Brothers are an American musical group originally from Cincinnati, Ohio, originally a vocal trio consisting of brothers O'Kelly Isley, Jr., Rudolph Isley and Ronald Isley. The group has been cited as having enjoyed one of the \"longest, most influential, and most diverse careers in the pantheon of popular music\".\nAlongside a fourth brother, Vernon, the group originally performed gospel music until Vernon's death a couple years after its original formation. After moving to the New York City area in the late 1950s, the group had modest chart successes during their early years, first coming to prominence in 1959 with their fourth single, \"Shout\", written by the three brothers. Initially a modest charted single, the song eventually sold over a million copies. Afterwards the group recorded modestly successful works for a variety of labels, including the top 20 single, \"Twist & Shout\" and the Motown single, \"This Old Heart of Mine\" before recording and issuing the Grammy Award-winning hit, \"It's Your Thing\" on their own label, T-Neck Records.\nInitially influenced by gospel and doo-wop music, the group began experimenting with different musical styles incorporating elements of rock and funk music as well as pop balladry. The inclusion of younger brothers Ernie Isley and Marvin Isley, and Rudolph's brother-in-law Chris Jasper in 1973 turned the original vocal trio into a self-contained musical band. For the next full decade, the siblings recorded top-selling albums including The Heat Is On and Between the Sheets.
/m/02z6872	The 2002 First-Year Player Draft, Major League Baseball's annual amateur draft, was held on June 4 and 5.\nThis year's draft is featured in Michael Lewis' 2003 book Moneyball.
/m/07rn0z	John Prakasa Rao Janumala, better known as Johnny Lever, is an Indian film actor and one of the most popular comedians in Hindi cinema.\nLever has received 13 Filmfare Awards nominations in Best Comedian Category, and has won the award twice. He began his career in 1984, and has acted in more than 300 Bollywood films since.
/m/099c8n	The Critics Choice Award for Best Picture is one of the awards given to people working in the motion picture industry by the Broadcast Film Critics Association.
/m/09bxq9	Dante Spinotti, A.S.C., A.I.C. is a cinematographer and a member of the Board of Governors of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.
/m/01lvcs1	Marcus Miller is an American jazz composer, producer and multi-instrumentalist, best known as a bass guitarist. Throughout his career, Miller worked with trumpeter Miles Davis, pianist Herbie Hancock, singer Luther Vandross, and saxophonist David Sanborn, as well as maintaining a successful solo career. Miller is classically trained as a clarinetist and also plays keyboards, saxophone and guitar.
/m/0g7vxv	Albert Ojumiri Jarrett is a Sierra Leonean footballer who plays as a winger for Bromley and has represented the Sierra Leone national football team.\nA youth player with Arsenal and Dulwich Hamlet, he turned professional with Wimbledon in 2003. The next year he signed with Brighton & Hove Albion. He had loan spells with Stevenage Borough and Swindon Town, before he earned a move to Premier League Watford in 2006. In 2007 he was loaned out to Boston United and Milton Keynes Dons, before he spent the 2007–08 season without a club and nursing a knee injury. He returned to the game with Gillingham in 2008, before he transferred to Barnet the following year. Playing in almost all of Barnet's games of 2009–10, he was allowed to join Lincoln City for the 2010–11 campaign. In 2011 he was loaned out to Aldershot Town, before he was released by Lincoln. He then joined non league club Bromley.
/m/015vql	Sir Michael Murray Hordern, CBE was an English actor, knighted in 1983 for his services to the theatre.
/m/0btmb	A superhero is a type of fictional stock character possessing extraordinary talents, supernatural phenomena, or superhuman powers and dedicated to protecting the public. A female superhero is sometimes called a superheroine.\nWhile the word \"superhero\" itself dates to at least 1917, the term \"Super Heroes\" is a typography-independent 'descriptive' USA trademark which is co-owned by DC Comics and Marvel Characters, Inc.\nBy most definitions, characters do not strictly require actual supernatural or superhuman powers or phenomena to be deemed superheroes, although terms such as costumed crime fighters or masked vigilantes are sometimes used to refer to those such as Batman and Green Arrow without such powers who share other superhero traits. Such characters were generally referred to as \"mystery men\" in the Golden Age of Comic Books to distinguish them from characters with super-powers.\nSome superheroes use their powers to counter day-to-day crime while also combating threats against humanity by supervillains, their criminal counterparts. Often, one of these supervillains will be the superhero's archenemy. As well, some long-running superheroes, such as Superman, Batman, Spider-Man and Iron Man, have a rogues gallery of enemies. As well, superheroes sometimes will combat such threats as aliens, magical entities, American war enemies such as nazism or communism, and godlike or demonic creatures.
/m/0gm8_p	Scott Wilson is an American film and television actor. Wilson has more than 50 film credits from the 1960s to the 2010s, including In the Heat of the Night, In Cold Blood, The Great Gatsby, Dead Man Walking, Pearl Harbor, and Junebug. In 1980, Wilson received a Golden Globe nomination for Best Supporting Actor – Motion Picture for his role in The Ninth Configuration. From 2011 to 2013, Wilson was a main cast member on the AMC television series, The Walking Dead, in which he played veterinarian and Greene family patriarch Hershel Greene. Wilson is well-known especially for his recurring role on CSI: Crime Scene Investigation as casino mogul Sam Braun, the father of investigator Catherine Willows.
/m/012cj0	Terence Steven \"Steve\" McQueen was an American actor. Called \"The King of Cool\", his \"anti-hero\" persona, developed at the height of the Vietnam War-era counterculture, made him a top box-office draw of the 1960s and 1970s. McQueen received an Academy Award nomination for his role in The Sand Pebbles. His other popular films include The Thomas Crown Affair, Bullitt, The Getaway, and Papillon, as well as the all-star ensemble films The Magnificent Seven, The Great Escape, and The Towering Inferno. In 1974, he became the highest-paid movie star in the world, although he did not act in films again for four years. McQueen was combative with directors and producers, but his popularity placed him in high demand and enabled him to command large salaries.
/m/03jldb	Alexandrea \"Alex\" Borstein is an American actress, writer, producer, and comedian. She is well known for her long-running role as Lois Griffin on the animated television series Family Guy, and as a cast member on the sketch comedy series MADtv. A native of Deerfield, Illinois, Borstein is a graduate of San Francisco State University, where she studied rhetoric. She was trained in improvisational comedy at the ACME Comedy Theatre, near Hollywood, California, and was selected to join MADtv after being scouted by talent agents who noticed her work at the theatre. She was a writer and voice actor for several television shows, including Casper, Pinky and the Brain and Power Rangers: Zeo, before joining the cast of MADtv as a featured player, and later as a repertory player in 1997.
/m/0151zx	Peter Wilton Cushing, OBE was an English actor known for his many appearances in Hammer Films, in which he played the sinister scientist Baron Frankenstein, Sherlock Holmes and the vampire hunter Dr. Van Helsing, among many other roles. He appeared frequently opposite Christopher Lee, and occasionally Vincent Price. A familiar face on both sides of the Atlantic, Cushing's best-known roles outside the Hammer productions include Grand Moff Tarkin in Star Wars and Dr. Who in Dr. Who and the Daleks and Daleks – Invasion Earth: 2150 A.D., films based on the Doctor Who television series.
/m/0295r	Danish is a North Germanic language spoken by around six million people, principally in the country of Denmark and in the region of Southern Schleswig in northern Germany, where it holds minority language status. There are also significant Danish-speaking communities in the USA, Canada and Argentina. Due to immigration and language shift in urban areas around 15-20% of the population of Greenland speaks Danish as their home language.\nDanish is largely mutually intelligible with Norwegian and Swedish. Proficient speakers of any of the three languages can understand the others, though studies have shown that speakers of Norwegian generally understand both Danish and Swedish far better than Swedes or Danes understand each other. Both Swedes and Danes also understand Norwegian better than they understand each other's languages.\nAlong with the other North Germanic languages, Danish is a descendant of Old Norse, the common language of the Germanic peoples living in Scandinavia during the Viking Era. Danish, together with Swedish, derives from the East Norse dialect group, while the Old Norwegian dialects before the influence of Danish and Norwegian Bokmål is classified as a West Norse language together with Faroese and Icelandic. A more recent classification based on mutual intelligibility separates modern spoken Danish, Norwegian and Swedish into a Mainland Scandinavian group while Icelandic and Faroese are placed in a separate category labelled Insular Scandinavian.
/m/01vpt5	Houston–The Woodlands–Sugar Land is a nine-county metropolitan area defined by the Office of Management and Budget. It is located along the Gulf Coast region in the U.S. state of Texas. The metropolitan area is colloquially referred to as \"Greater Houston\" and is situated in Southeast Texas.\nHouston–The Woodlands–Sugar Land is the fifth-largest metropolitan area in the United States with a population of 6.18 million, as of U.S. Census Bureau's July 1, 2012 estimates. The population of the metropolitan area is centered in the city of Houston—the largest economic and cultural center of the American South, with a population of 2.1 million.\nHouston is among the fastest-growing metropolitan areas in the United States. The area grew 25.2 percent between the 1990 and 2000 censuses—adding more than 950,000 people—while the nation's population increased 13.2 percent over the same period. From 2000 to 2007, the area grew by 912,994 people. From 2000 to 2030, the metropolitan area is projected by Woods & Poole Economics to rank fifth in the nation in population growth—adding 2.66 million people. In 2009, Milken Institute/Greenstreet Real Estate Partners ranked the then named Houston–Sugar Land–Baytown MSA as the fifth-best performing metropolitan area; the Houston area had moved up 11 spaces from the previous year's ranking. It is a part of the Texas Triangle megapolitan area.
/m/02r_5vd	An entertainment promoter in industries like music, wrestling, and sports is a person or company in the business of marketing and promoting live events such as concerts/gigs, sports events, professional wrestling, festivals, raves, and nightclubs.
/m/0xc9x	Henderson, officially the City of Henderson, Nevada, is a city in Clark County, Nevada. It is the second largest city in Nevada, after Las Vegas, with a population of 257,729 in the 2010 census. The city is part of the Las Vegas metropolitan area, which spans the entire Las Vegas Valley. Henderson occupies the southeastern end of the valley, at an elevation of approximately 1,330 feet.\nIn 2011, Forbes magazine ranked Henderson as America's second safest city. Analysts attribute this to Henderson being an affluent city, with a high median income and amenities catering to local residents. Henderson has also been named as \"One of the Best Cities to Live in America\" by Bloomberg Businessweek.
/m/08vpjv	Bindu is an actress in Indian cinema who was popular in the 1970s, receiving several award nominations. She has acted in over 160 movies in a career that spanned four decades, and is most remembered for her role as Shabnam in Kati Patang.
/m/07lp1	Thomas Ruggles Pynchon, Jr. is an American novelist. A MacArthur Fellow, he is noted for his dense and complex novels. Both his fiction and nonfiction writings encompass a vast array of subject matter, styles and themes, including the fields of history, science, and mathematics. For his most praised novel, Gravity's Rainbow, Pynchon won the 1974 U.S. National Book Award for Fiction and he is frequently cited by Americans as a contender for the Nobel Prize in Literature.\nHailing from Long Island, Pynchon served two years in the United States Navy and earned an English degree from Cornell University. After publishing several short stories in the late 1950s and early 1960s, he began composing the novels for which he is best known: V., The Crying of Lot 49, Gravity's Rainbow, and Mason & Dixon. Pynchon is also known for being very private; very few photographs of him have ever been published, and rumors about his location and identity have circulated since the 1960s.\nPynchon's most recent novel, Bleeding Edge, was published September 17, 2013.
/m/03t8v3	Arjun Rampal, is an Indian film actor, producer, model and a television host. Through his career in Bollywood movies, he has established himself as a leading actor of Bollywood. He made his acting debut in the 2001 romance Pyaar Ishq Aur Mohabbat portraying the role of a model. Rampal was appreciated for his performance and received several awards for his work in the movie including a nomination for the Filmfare Award for Best Male Debut. He starred in the 2002 drama\"Dil Hai Tumhaara\" as a rich business man and a faithful lover and a killer in the 2003 romance drama Dil Ka Rishta and received a lot of praise & critical acclaim in the 2004 action thriller Asambhav and in the 2005 mystery thriller Yakeen. Rampal got his breakthrough in Don. He achieved further commercial success in films including Om Shanti Om, Rock On!!, Housefull and Ra.One all which fetched him numerous awards.\nIn his decade-spanning career, Rampal has won numerous awards and nominations. He has won the National Film Award for Best Supporting Actor and the Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actor for Rock On!!.\nRampal established his production company Chasing Ganesha Films. He became a film producer with I See You under his banner and played the lead role. Outside of acting, Rampal has been involved in other business ventures. He has launched Lost Festival through association with Percept Limited.,
/m/02x8fs	Ghostbusters II is a 1989 American supernatural comedy film produced and directed by Ivan Reitman. It is the sequel to the 1984's Ghostbusters and follows the further adventures of a group of parapsychologists and their organization which combats paranormal activities. Despite making $215 million worldwide, the film was not as successful as the original and received mixed reviews.
/m/033nzk	The Chilean national football team represents Chile in all major international football competitions. The team is controlled by the Federación de Fútbol de Chile which was established in 1895. They have appeared in eight World Cup tournaments and were hosts of the 1962 FIFA World Cup, finishing in third place, the highest position the country has ever achieved in the World Cup. They qualified for the 2014 FIFA World Cup on 15 October 2013 with a win against Ecuador. Since the mid to late 1960s, the Elo ratings ranks Chile among the 25 strongest football teams in the world.\nDespite never winning a trophy, the team is known for its consistency; having earned a top 4 result in 19 editions of the Copa America and coming as close as runners up 4 times.
/m/07y07	The Secretary of State is a senior official of the federal government of the United States of America heading the U.S. Department of State, principally concerned with foreign affairs and is considered to be the U.S. government's equivalent of a Minister for Foreign Affairs.\nThe Secretary of State, appointed by the President with the advice and consent of the Senate, is a member of the President's Cabinet, the National Security Council, and is the highest-ranking appointed executive branch official both in the presidential line of succession and the order of precedence.\nThe Secretary of State along with the Secretary of the Treasury, the Secretary of Defense, and the Attorney General are generally regarded as the four most important cabinet members because of the importance of their respective departments. Secretary of State is a Level I position in the Executive Schedule and thus earns the salary prescribed for that level.\nThe current Secretary of State is John Kerry, the 68th person to hold the office since its creation in 1789.
/m/09f8q	Augsburg is a city in the south-west of Bavaria, Germany. It was a Free Imperial City for over 500 years.\nIt is a university town and home of the Regierungsbezirk Schwaben and the Bezirk Schwaben. Augsburg is an urban district and home to the institutions of the Landkreis Augsburg. It is the third-largest city in Bavaria with a population exceeding 270,000 citizens. After Neuss and Trier, Augsburg is Germany's third oldest city.\nAugsburg is the only German city with its own legal holiday, the Augsburger Hohes Friedensfest, celebrated on August 8 of every year. This gives Augsburg more legal holidays than any other region or city in Germany.\nAugsburg was the home of two patrician families that rose to great prominence internationally, replacing the Medicis as Europe's leading bankers, the Fugger and the Welser families.
/m/02x3lt7	Hannah Montana: The Movie is an American 2009 musical comedy-drama film based on the Disney Channel Original Series Hannah Montana, which was released on April 10, 2009, by Walt Disney Pictures. It is the second theatrical film based on a Disney Channel Original Series. The film was directed by Peter Chelsom with screenplay penned by Daniel Berendsen. The film was produced by David Blocker, Billy Ray Cyrus, Alfred Gough, Miles Millar, Steven Peterman and Michael Poryes. The film stars Miley Cyrus, Emily Osment, Mitchel Musso, Jason Earles, Moises Arias, Lucas Till, and Billy Ray Cyrus.\nThe film tells of how Hannah Montana's popularity begins to take over Miley Stewart's life. Her father forces her to take a trip to her hometown of Crowley Corners, Tennessee to get some perspective on what matters most in her life.\nFilming began in April 2008, much of it occurring in Columbia, Tennessee, and Los Angeles, California, and was completed in July 2008. The film was released in theaters on April 10, 2009 in the United States and Canada. As the teen sitcom originated on Disney Channel, Disney Channel premiered a teaser trailer of the film during their shows. The film enjoyed financial success, reaching No.1 at the box office, but received a moderately mixed response from critics.
/m/0b_6rk	The 1990 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament involved 64 schools playing in single-elimination play to determine the national champion of men's NCAA Division I college basketball. It began on March 15, 1990, and ended with the championship game on April 2 in Denver, Colorado. A total of 63 games were played.\nUNLV, coached by Jerry Tarkanian, won the national title with a 103-73 victory in the final game over Duke, coached by Mike Krzyzewski. In doing so, UNLV set the NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament record for largest margin of victory in a championship game. Anderson Hunt of UNLV was named the tournament's Most Outstanding Player.\nThis tournament is also remembered for an emotional run by Loyola Marymount in the West Regional. In the semifinals of the West Coast Conference tournament, Lions star forward Hank Gathers collapsed and died due to a heart condition. The WCC tournament was immediately suspended, with the regular-season champion Lions given the conference's automatic bid. The team defeated New Mexico State, then laid a 34-point thrashing on defending national champion Michigan, and defeated Alabama in the Sweet Sixteen before running into eventual champion UNLV in the regional final. Gathers' childhood friend Bo Kimble, the team's undisputed floor leader in the wake of the tragedy, paid tribute to his friend by attempting his first free throw in each game left-handed despite being right-handed. Kimble made all of his left-handed attempts in the tournament.
/m/0660b9b	The Men Who Stare at Goats is a 2009 British comedy war film directed by Grant Heslov and based on Jon Ronson's book of the same name, an account of the investigation by Ronson and John Sergeant into attempts by the U.S. military to employ psychic powers as a weapon. The film stars George Clooney, Ewan McGregor, Jeff Bridges and Kevin Spacey, and was produced by Clooney's and Heslov's production company Smokehouse Pictures.\nThe film premiered at the 66th Venice International Film Festival on September 8, 2009, and went on general release in the United States, the United Kingdom, Canada, Ireland, and Italy on November 6, 2009.
/m/040wdl	Bobby Deol is an Indian actor. Deol is the son of Bollywood actor Dharmendra and the brother of Sunny Deol, also a successful actor in the Mumbai based Indian film industry.\nDeol has mostly acted in thriller films, often playing antiheroic characters who are forced to commit crime to avenge the deaths of loved ones. Examples of such films include Badal, Gupt, Jurm and Bichhoo. His films commonly involve themes of jealousy, deceit and revenge and his more romantic thrillers often involve him caught in love triangles. Some of his successful films are Barsaat, Gupt, Soldier, Badal, Ajnabee, Humraaz, Apne, Dostana, Yamla Pagla Deewana.\nDeol was awarded the Filmfare Best Debut Award for his role in the 1995 film Barsaat and was later nominated for the Filmfare Best Actor Award for his performance in Humraaz in 2002.
/m/06wrt	Sailing is the propulsion of a vehicle and the control of its movement with large foils called sails. By changing the rigging, rudder, and sometimes the keel or centreboard, a sailor manages the force of the wind on the sails in order to move the vessel relative to its surrounding medium and change its direction and speed. Mastery of the skill requires experience in varying wind and sea conditions, as well as knowledge concerning sailboats themselves and an understanding of one's surroundings.\nWhile there are still some places in the world where sail-powered passenger, fishing and trading vessels are used, these craft have become rarer as internal combustion engines have become economically viable in even the poorest and most remote areas. In most countries sailing is enjoyed as a recreational activity or as a sport. Recreational sailing or yachting can be divided into racing and cruising. Cruising can include extended offshore and ocean-crossing trips, coastal sailing within sight of land, and daysailing.
/m/03f2fw	The United States Conference of Catholic Bishops is the episcopal conference of the Catholic Church in the United States. Founded in 1966 as the joint National Conference of Catholic Bishops and United States Catholic Conference, it is composed of all active and retired members of the Catholic hierarchy in the United States and the Territory of the U.S. Virgin Islands. In the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the bishops in the six dioceses form their own episcopal conference, the Puerto Rican Episcopal Conference. The bishops in U.S. insular areas in the Pacific Ocean — the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, the Territory of American Samoa, and the Territory of Guam — are members of the Episcopal Conference of the Pacific.\nThe USCCB adopted its current name in July 2001. The organization is a registered corporation based in Washington, D.C. As with all bishops' conferences, certain decisions and acts of the USCCB must receive the recognitio, or approval of the Roman dicasteries, which are subject to the immediate and absolute authority of the Pope.
/m/05x2t7	Orry-Kelly was the professional name of Orry George Kelly, a prolific Hollywood costume designer.\nHe was born in Kiama, New South Wales, Australia, and was known as Jack Kelly. His father William Kelly, was born on the Isle of Man and was a gentleman tailor in Kiama. Orry was a name of an ancient King of Man. He studied art in Sydney, and worked as a tailor's apprentice and window dresser.\nHe journeyed to New York to pursue an acting career. He shared an apartment there with Charlie Spangles and Cary Grant. A job painting murals in a nightclub led to his employment by Fox East Coast studios illustrating titles. He designed costumes and sets for Broadway's Shubert Revues and George White's Scandals.\nHe went to Hollywood in 1932, working for all the major studios, and designed for all the great actresses of the day, including Bette Davis, Kay Francis, Olivia de Havilland, Katharine Hepburn, Dolores del Río, Ava Gardner, Ann Sheridan, Barbara Stanwyck, and Merle Oberon.\nHe worked on many films now deemed classics, including 42nd Street, The Maltese Falcon, Casablanca, Arsenic and Old Lace, Harvey, Oklahoma!, Auntie Mame, and Some Like It Hot.
/m/016ky6	Big is a 1988 American fantasy comedy film directed by Penny Marshall, and stars Tom Hanks as Josh Baskin, a young boy who makes a wish \"to be big\" and is then aged to adulthood overnight. The film also stars Elizabeth Perkins, John Heard, and Robert Loggia and was written by Gary Ross and Anne Spielberg.\nBig was the latest, and most successful, of a series of age-changing comedies produced in the late 1980s, the others being: Like Father Like Son, 18 Again!, Vice Versa, and the Italian film Da grande.
/m/0hgnl3t	Flight is a 2012 drama film written by John Gatins and directed by Robert Zemeckis.
/m/03hfwhq	The Randolph Caldecott Medal annually recognizes the preceding year's \"most distinguished American picture book for children\", beginning with 1937 publications. It is awarded to the illustrator by the Association for Library Service to Children, a division of the American Library Association. The Caldecott and Newbery Medals are the most prestigious American children's book awards.\nThe award is named for Randolph Caldecott, a nineteenth-century English illustrator. Rene Paul Chambellan designed the Medal in 1937. The obverse scene is derived from Randolph Caldecott's front cover illustration for The Diverting History of John Gilpin, which depicts Gilpin astride a runaway horse. The reverse is based on \"Four and twenty blackbirds bak'd in a pie\", one of Caldecott's illustrations for the nursery rhyme \"Sing a Song of Sixpence\".\nBeside the Caldecott Medal, the committee awards a variable number of citations to worthy runners-up, called the Caldecott Honors or Caldecott Honor Books. Recently there are two to four annual Honors. The Honor Books must be a subset of the runners-up on the final ballot, either the leading runners-up on that ballot or the leaders on one further ballot that excludes the winner.
/m/0422v0	Primal Fear is a 1996 American neo-noir crime and thriller film directed by Gregory Hoblit and starring Richard Gere, Edward Norton and Laura Linney. The film tells the story of a defense attorney, Martin Vail, who defends an altar boy, Aaron Stampler, charged with the murder of a Catholic archbishop, and his ensuing case against prosecutor Janet Venable. The movie is an adaptation of William Diehl's 1993 novel of the same name. Norton's role in the film received multiple accolades, including a nomination for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor.\nPrimal Fear is the first theatrical film for television director Gregory Hoblit, who has directed episodes of Hill Street Blues and NYPD Blue for producer Steven Bochco. It was also Edward Norton's first feature film.
/m/03gh4	Hawaii is the most recent of the 50 U.S. states, and is the only U.S. state made up entirely of islands. It is the northernmost island group in Polynesia, occupying most of an archipelago in the central Pacific Ocean.\nHawaii’s diverse natural scenery, warm tropical climate, abundance of public beaches, oceanic surroundings, and active volcanoes make it a popular destination for tourists, surfers, biologists, and volcanologists alike. Due to its mid-Pacific location, Hawaii has many North American and Asian influences along with its own vibrant native culture. Hawaii has over a million permanent residents along with many visitors and U.S. military personnel. Its capital is Honolulu on the island of Oʻahu.\nThe state encompasses nearly the entire volcanic Hawaiian Island chain, which comprises hundreds of islands spread over 1,500 miles. At the southeastern end of the archipelago, the eight \"main islands\" are Niʻihau, Kauaʻi, Oʻahu, Molokaʻi, Lānaʻi, Kahoʻolawe, Maui and the island of Hawaiʻi. The last is the largest and is often called \"The Big Island\" to avoid confusing the name of the island with the name of the state as a whole. The archipelago is physiographically and ethnologically part of the Polynesian subregion of Oceania.
/m/03p7rp	Post-hardcore is a genre of music that is derived from and has origins in the hardcore punk music genre, itself an offshoot of the broader punk rock movement. Like post-punk, post-hardcore is a term for a broad constellation of groups. Many emerged from the hardcore punk scene, or took inspiration from hardcore, while concerning themselves with a wider degree of expression.\nThe genre took shape in the mid-to-late-1980s with releases from bands from cities that had established hardcore punk scenes, in particular from the scenes in Washington, D.C. such as Fugazi as well as slightly different sounding groups such as Big Black and Jawbox that stuck closer to the noise rock roots of post-hardcore.
/m/02kc_w5	Myristic acid, also called tetradecanoic acid, is a common saturated fatty acid with the molecular formula CH3(CH2)12COOH. A myristate is a salt or ester of myristic acid.\nMyristic acid is named after the nutmeg Myristica fragrans. Nutmeg butter is 75% trimyristin, the triglyceride of myristic acid. Besides nutmeg, myristic acid is also found in palm kernel oil, coconut oil, butter fat and is a minor component of many other animal fats. It is also found in spermaceti, the crystallized fraction of oil from the sperm whale.\nMyristic acid is also commonly added co-translationally to the penultimate, nitrogen-terminus, glycine in receptor-associated kinases to confer the membrane localisation of the enzyme. The myristic acid has a sufficiently high hydrophobicity to become incorporated into the fatty acyl core of the phospholipid bilayer of the plasma membrane of the eukaryotic cell. In this way, myristic acid acts as a lipid anchor in biomembranes.\nThe ester isopropyl myristate is used in cosmetic and topical medicinal preparations where good absorption through the skin is desired.\nReduction of myristic acid yields myristyl aldehyde and myristyl alcohol.
/m/014zcr	George Timothy Clooney is an American actor, film director, producer, and screenwriter. He has received three Golden Globe Awards for his work as an actor and two Academy Awards—one for acting and the other for producing. Clooney is also noted for his political activism and has served as one of the United Nations Messengers of Peace since January 31, 2008.\nClooney made his acting debut on television in 1978, and later gained wide recognition in his role as Dr. Douglas \"Doug\" Ross on the long-running medical drama ER from 1994 to 1999, for which he received two Emmy Award nominations. While working on ER, he began attracting a variety of leading roles in films, including Batman & Robin and Out of Sight, in which he first worked with long-term collaborator Steven Soderbergh. In 1999 Clooney took the lead role in Three Kings, a well-received war satire set during the Gulf War. In 2001, Clooney's fame widened with the release of his biggest commercial success, Ocean's Eleven, the first of a profitable film trilogy, a remake of the 1960 film which starred members of the Rat Pack with Frank Sinatra as Danny Ocean. He made his directorial debut a year later with the 2002 biographical thriller Confessions of a Dangerous Mind, and has since directed Good Night, and Good Luck, Leatherheads, and The Ides of March. He won an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role in the Middle East thriller Syriana and subsequently gained Best Actor nominations for such films as Michael Clayton, Up in the Air and The Descendants. In 2013, he received the Academy Award for Best Picture for producing the film Argo, alongside Ben Affleck and Grant Heslov. He is the only person ever to be nominated for Academy Awards in six different categories.
/m/0bmssv	Night at the Museum is a 2006 American fantasy adventure-comedy film based on the 1993 children's book of the same name by Milan Trenc. It follows a divorced father trying to settle down, impress his son, and find his destiny. He applies for a job as a night watchman at New York City's American Museum of Natural History and subsequently discovers that the exhibits, animated by a magical Egyptian artifact, come to life at night.\nReleased on December 22, 2006 by 20th Century Fox, which presented the 1492 Pictures/21 Laps Entertainment Production in association with Ingenious Film Partners, the film was written by Robert Ben Garant and Thomas Lennon of Comedy Central's Reno 911! and MTV's The State and produced and directed by Shawn Levy. Also producing for 1492 Pictures were Chris Columbus and Michael Barnathan. The film stars Ben Stiller, Carla Gugino, Dick Van Dyke, Mickey Rooney, Bill Cobbs, Jake Cherry, Ricky Gervais, Owen Wilson, Steve Coogan, and Robin Williams. A novelization of the screenplay by Leslie Goldman was published as a film tie-in.\nA sequel titled Night at the Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian was released on May 22, 2009, and a third film, Night at the Museum 3, will be released on December 19, 2014.
/m/03qc7q6	Software engineers apply the principles of engineering to the design, development, maintenance, testing, and evaluation of the software and systems that make computers or anything containing software work.\nTypical formal definitions of software engineering are:\n\"the application of a systematic, disciplined, quantifiable approach to the development, operation, and maintenance of software\".\n\"an engineering discipline that is concerned with all aspects of software production\"\n\"the establishment and use of sound engineering principles in order to economically obtain software that is reliable and works efficiently on real machines\"\nThe term has been used less formally:\nas the informal contemporary term for the broad range of activities that were formerly called computer programming and systems analysis;\nas the broad term for all aspects of the practice of computer programming, as opposed to the theory of computer programming, which is called computer science;\nas the term embodying the advocacy of a specific approach to computer programming, one that urges that it be treated as an engineering discipline rather than an art or a craft, and advocates the codification of recommended practices.
/m/02fm4d	The Grammy Award for Best Southern, Country or Bluegrass Gospel Album was an honor presented at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards, to artists, producers, and engineers for quality gospel music albums. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position\".\nOriginally called the Grammy Award for Best Southern Gospel Album, Bruce Carroll first won the award at the 33rd Grammy Awards in 1991 for the album The Great Exchange. Three years later, the category's name was changed to the Best Southern Gospel, Country Gospel or Bluegrass Gospel Album. The category's name was changed to Best Southern, Country or Bluegrass Gospel Album in 1998. After 2011 it was merged with the Grammy Award for Best Rock Gospel Album and the Grammy Award for Best Pop/Contemporary Gospel Album, forming the Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Christian Music Album. The NARAS made this change in order to \"tighten the number of categories\" at the Grammy Awards.
/m/0872p_c	Transformers 3 is a 2011 action sci-fi film directed by Michael Bay and written by Ehren Kruger.
/m/047vnfs	In association football, a manager is responsible for running a football club or a national team. He may also serve as the coach of the team.\nThe manager of a professional club is responsible directly to the club chairman.
/m/05smlt	A creative director is a position often found within the graphic design, film, music, fashion, advertising, media or entertainment industries, but may be useful in other creative organizations such as web development and software development firms as well.\nA creative director is a vital role in all of the arts and entertainment industries. In another sense, they can be seen as another element in any product development process. The creative director may also assume the roles of an art director, copywriter, or lead designer. The responsibilities of a creative director include leading the communication design, interactive design, and concept forward in any work assigned. For example, this responsibility is often seen in industries related to advertisement. The creative director is known to guide a team of employees with skills and experience related to graphic design, fine arts, motion graphics, and other creative industry fields. Some example works can include visual layout, brainstorming, and copy writing. Before one assumes the role of a creative director, one must have a preset of experience beforehand. Like anyone else, these types of artists start up from the very beginning in fields that can relate to motion graphics, advertisement in television, and/or book publishing.
/m/0x2jd	The Supreme Court of Canada is the highest court of Canada, the final court of appeals in the Canadian justice system. The court grants permission to between 40 and 75 litigants each year to appeal decisions rendered by provincial, territorial and federal appellate courts. Its decisions are the ultimate expression and application of Canadian law and binding upon all lower courts of Canada.\nThe Supreme Court of Canada is composed of nine judges: the Chief Justice of Canada and eight Puisne Justices.
/m/03h_fqv	Thomas Alan \"Tom\" Waits is an American singer-songwriter, composer, and actor. Waits has a distinctive voice, described by critic Daniel Durchholz as sounding \"like it was soaked in a vat of bourbon, left hanging in the smokehouse for a few months, and then taken outside and run over with a car.\" With this trademark growl, his incorporation of pre-rock music styles such as blues, jazz, and vaudeville, and experimental tendencies verging on industrial music, Waits has built up a distinctive musical persona. He has worked as a composer for movies and musical plays and has acted in supporting roles in films, including Paradise Alley and Bram Stoker's Dracula; he also starred in the 1986 film Down by Law. He was nominated for an Academy Award for his soundtrack work on One from the Heart.\nWaits' lyrics frequently present atmospheric portraits of grotesque, often seedy characters and places—although he has also shown a penchant for more conventional ballads. He has a cult following and has influenced subsequent songwriters despite having little radio or music video support. His songs are best-known through cover versions by more commercial artists: \"Jersey Girl\", performed by Bruce Springsteen, \"Ol' '55\", performed by the Eagles, and \"Downtown Train\", performed by Rod Stewart. Although Waits' albums have met with mixed commercial success in his native United States, they have occasionally achieved gold album sales status in other countries. He has been nominated for a number of major music awards and has won Grammy Awards for two albums, Bone Machine and Mule Variations. In 2011, Waits was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
/m/029k4p	From Dusk till Dawn is a 1996 American crime horror film directed by Robert Rodriguez and written by Quentin Tarantino. It stars George Clooney, Tarantino, Harvey Keitel and Juliette Lewis. Although not very successful at the box office, the film has achieved cult status.
/m/02cft	Dublin is the capital and most populous city of Ireland. The English name for the city is derived from the Irish name Dubhlinn, meaning \"black pool\". Dublin is situated in the province of Leinster near the midpoint of Ireland's east coast, at the mouth of the River Liffey and the centre of the Dublin Region.\nFounded as a Viking settlement, it evolved into the Kingdom of Dublin and became the island's principal city following the Norman invasion. The city expanded rapidly from the 17th century; it was briefly the second largest city in the British Empire and the fifth largest in Europe. Dublin entered a period of stagnation following the Act of Union of 1800, but it remained the economic centre for most of the island. Following the partition of Ireland in 1922, the new parliament, the Oireachtas, was located in Leinster House. Dublin became the capital of the Irish Free State and later the Republic of Ireland.\nLike the cities of Cork, Limerick, Galway and Waterford, Dublin is administered separately from its respective County with its own City Council. The city is listed by the Globalization and World Cities Research Network as a global city, with a ranking of \"Alpha-\", placing Dublin among the top 30 cities in the world. It is a historical and contemporary cultural centre for the country, as well as a modern centre of education, the arts, administration, economy, and industry.
/m/04wqr	Marilyn Monroe was an American actress, model, and singer, who became a major sex symbol, starring in a number of commercially successful motion pictures during the 1950s and early 1960s.\nAfter spending much of her childhood in foster homes, Monroe began a career as a model, which led to a film contract in 1946 with Twentieth Century-Fox. Her early film appearances were minor, but her performances in The Asphalt Jungle and All About Eve, drew attention. By 1952 she had her first leading role in Don't Bother to Knock and 1953 brought a lead in Niagara, a melodramatic film noir that dwelt on her seductiveness. Her \"dumb blonde\" persona was used to comic effect in subsequent films such as Gentlemen Prefer Blondes, How to Marry a Millionaire and The Seven Year Itch. Limited by typecasting, Monroe studied at the Actors Studio to broaden her range. Her dramatic performance in Bus Stop was hailed by critics and garnered a Golden Globe nomination. Her production company, Marilyn Monroe Productions, released The Prince and the Showgirl, for which she received a BAFTA Award nomination and won a David di Donatello award. She received a Golden Globe Award for her performance in Some Like It Hot. Monroe's last completed film was The Misfits, co-starring Clark Gable, with a screenplay written by her then-husband, Arthur Miller.
/m/0c9cw	Slough is a town in Berkshire, England, about 20 miles west of central London. It is bisected by the A4 and the Great Western Main Line. In 2011, the population of Slough was 140,200 and the most ethnically diverse outside London in the United Kingdom with the highest proportion of religious adherents in England. Historically, Slough was mainly in Buckinghamshire with a small part of the borough in Middlesex. Slough is home to the Slough Trading Estate, the largest industrial estate in single private ownership in Europe.
/m/0f42nz	Om Shanti Om is a 2007 Bollywood romantic-reincarnation film directed and choreographed by Farah Khan. It stars Shahrukh Khan and Hindi debutant Deepika Padukone in the lead roles while Arjun Rampal, Shreyas Talpade, and Kirron Kher feature in supporting roles. More than forty-two well-known Bollywood stars appear in the course of the film, including thirty of them in one song alone. The film is set in the 1970s and 2000s; it pays tribute to, and pokes fun at, the Indian film industry of both these eras.\nThe film was released in 2,000 prints worldwide making it the largest Indian cinematic release at the time. Om Shanti Om was released on 9 November 2007 to mostly positive reviews from critics and record-breaking box office collections. It grossed 1.49 billion worldwide and thus became the highest-grossing Hindi film of all time at the time of its release. Another notable fact is Deepika Padukone's voice has been dubbed by sound artiste Mona Ghosh Shetty for this film.
/m/02s5v5	Sarah E. Polley OC is a Canadian actress and film director. Polley first attained notice in her role as Sara Stanley in the Canadian television series Road to Avonlea. She has also starred in such films as Exotica, The Sweet Hereafter, Guinevere, Go, The Weight of Water, My Life Without Me, The Adventures of Baron Munchausen, Dawn of the Dead, Splice, and Mr. Nobody.\nPolley made her feature film directorial debut with Away from Her, for which she won a Genie Award for Best Achievement in Direction and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay. Polley's second film, Take This Waltz, premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival in 2011. Her latest film, Stories We Tell, is her first feature-length documentary. It had its world premiere at the 2012 Venice Film Festival, and its North American premiere followed at the Toronto International Film Festival. The Toronto Film Critics Association awarded it the $100,000 prize for best Canadian film of the year.
/m/06mx8	Scandinavia is a historical and cultural-linguistic region in Northern Europe characterized by a common ethno-cultural Germanic heritage and related languages, which includes the three kingdoms of Denmark, Norway, and Sweden. Modern Norway and Sweden proper and also northern parts of Finland are situated on the Scandinavian Peninsula, whereas modern Denmark is situated on the Danish islands and Jutland. The term Scandinavia is usually used as a cultural term, but in English usage, it is occasionally confused with the purely geographical term Scandinavian Peninsula, which took its name from the cultural-linguistic concept. The name Scandinavia historically referred vaguely to Scania.\nThe terms Scandinavia and Scandinavian entered usage in the 18th century as terms for the three Scandinavian countries, their peoples and associated language and culture, being introduced by the early linguistic and cultural Scandinavist movement. Sometimes the term Scandinavia is also taken to include Iceland, the Faroe Islands, and Finland, on account of their historical association with the Scandinavian countries. Such usage, however, may be considered inaccurate in the area itself, where the term Nordic countries instead refers to this broader group.
/m/04kbn	Lake Erie is the fourth largest lake of the five Great Lakes in North America, and the tenth largest globally or twelfth largest globally if measured in terms of surface area. It is the southernmost, shallowest, and smallest by volume of the Great Lakes and therefore also has the shortest average water residence time. It is bounded by Ontario to the north, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and New York to the south, and Michigan to the west. The lake is named after the Erie tribe of Native Americans who lived along its southern shore. The outflow from the lake provides hydroelectric power to Canada and the U.S. as it spins huge turbines at Niagara Falls. The lake's environmental health has been an ongoing concern for decades, with issues such as overfishing, pollution and more recently algal blooms and eutrophication generating headlines.
/m/01k7xz	Radcliffe College, formerly a women's liberal arts college in Cambridge, Massachusetts, was all-male Harvard College's coordinate institution for female students. It was also one of the Seven Sisters colleges, amongst which it shared with Bryn Mawr College the popular reputation of having a particularly intellectual and independent-minded student body. Radcliffe conferred Radcliffe College diplomas to undergraduates and graduate students for the first 70 or so years of its history and then joint Harvard-Radcliffe diplomas to undergraduates beginning in 1963. A formal \"non-merger merger\" agreement with Harvard was signed in 1977, with full integration with Harvard completed in 1999. Today, within Harvard University, Radcliffe's former administrative campus is home to the Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study, and former Radcliffe housing at the Radcliffe Quadrangle has been incorporated into the Harvard College house system. Under the terms of the 1999 consolidation, the Radcliffe Yard and the Radcliffe Quadrangle maintain the \"Radcliffe\" designation in perpetuity.
/m/05ff6	Northern Territory is a federal Australian territory in the centre and central northern regions. It shares borders with Western Australia to the west, South Australia to the south, and Queensland to the east.\nTo the north, the territory is bordered by the Timor Sea, the Arafura Sea and the Gulf of Carpentaria. Despite its large area—over 1,349,129 square kilometres, making it the third largest Australian federal division—it is sparsely populated. With a population of 233,300 it is the least populous of Australia's eight major states and territories, having less than half as many people as Tasmania.\nThe archaeological history of the Northern Territory begins over 40,000 years ago when Indigenous Australians settled the region. Makassan traders began trading with the indigenous people of the Northern Territory for trepang from at least the 18th century onwards, and very likely for 300 years prior to that.\nThe coast of the territory was first seen by Europeans in the 17th century. The British were the first Europeans to attempt to settle the coastal regions in the 19th century; however no attempt was successful until the establishment of a settlement at Port Darwin in 1869. Today the economy is based on tourism, especially Kakadu National Park in the Top End and the Uluru-Kata Tjuta National Park in central Australia, and mining.
/m/01cwkq	Amanda Laura Bynes is a former American actress. She rose to prominence in the late 1990s and early 2000s on the Nickelodeon series All That and The Amanda Show. From 2002 to 2006, she starred on the sitcom What I Like About You on The WB. Bynes has also starred in several films, including What a Girl Wants, She's the Man, Hairspray, Sydney White and Easy A. In 2012, Bynes said that she is retiring from acting.
/m/01bqnc	The Quebec Liberal Party is a federalist provincial political party in Quebec, Canada. It has been independent of the federal Liberal Party of Canada since 1955.\nThe party has traditionally supported a form of Quebec federalism that supports Quebec being within Canada while also having substantial autonomy within Canada. While it has recently been sometimes described as centre-right in the context of Canadian politics, the party believes in a strong role for government in the economy and supports socially liberal policies. Also the party has had a prominent social democratic faction within it that was historically prominent in the party during the Quiet Revolution. Former PLQ member and cabinet minister Thomas Mulcair left the PLQ in 2007 to run for Member of Parliament on behalf of the federal social democratic New Democratic Party of Canada and has since become leader of the federal NDP.\nThe Quebec Liberals have always been associated with the colour red; each of their three main opponents in different eras have been associated with the colour blue. In 2007, however, the Action démocratique du Québec, also of blue tradition, temporarily became the official opposition in the National Assembly of Quebec.
/m/0j95	Alberta is a province of Canada. With a population of 3,645,257 in 2011 and an estimated population of 4,025,074 in 2013, it is Canada's fourth-most populous province and most populous of Canada's three prairie provinces. Alberta and its neighbour, Saskatchewan, were established as provinces on September 1, 1905.\nAlberta is located in western Canada and is one of Canada's three Prairie Provinces. It is bounded by the provinces of British Columbia to the west and Saskatchewan to the east, the Northwest Territories to the north, and the U.S. state of Montana to the south. Alberta is one of three Canadian provinces and territories to border only a single U.S. state and is also one of only two provinces that are landlocked.\nEdmonton, the capital city of Alberta, is located near the geographic centre of the province and is the primary supply and service hub for Canada's crude oil and also oil sands and other northern resource industries. Approximately 290 km south of the capital is Calgary, Alberta's largest city. Calgary and Edmonton centre Alberta's two census metropolitan areas, both of which have populations exceeding one million, while the province has 16 census agglomerations. Notable tourist destinations in the province include Banff, Canmore, Drumheller, Jasper and Sylvan Lake.
/m/059g4	North America is a continent wholly within the Northern Hemisphere and almost wholly within the Western Hemisphere. It is also considered a northern subcontinent of the Americas. It is bordered to the north by the Arctic Ocean, to the east by the Atlantic Ocean, to the west and south by the Pacific Ocean, and to the southeast by South America and the Caribbean Sea.\nNorth America covers an area of about 24,709,000 square kilometers, about 4.8% of the planet's surface or about 16.5% of its land area. As of July 2008, its population was estimated at nearly 529 million people across 23 independent states, representing about 7.5% of the human population. Most of the continent's land area is dominated by Canada, the United States, and Mexico, while smaller states exist in the Central American and Caribbean regions. North America is the third largest continent by area, following Asia and Africa, and the fourth by population after Asia, Africa, and Europe.\nThe first people to live in North America were Paleoindians who began to arrive during the last glacial period by crossing the Bering land bridge. They differentiated into a number of diverse cultures and communities across the continent. The largest and most advanced Pre-Columbian civilizations in North America were the Aztecs in what is now Mexico and the Maya in Central America. European colonists began to arrive starting in the 16th and 17th centuries, wiping out large numbers of the native populations and beginning an era of European dominance.
/m/011ys5	In theatre, a farce is a comedy that aims at entertaining the audience through situations that are highly exaggerated, extravagant, and thus improbable. Farces are often highly incomprehensible plot-wise, but viewers are encouraged not to try to follow the plot in order to avoid becoming confused and overwhelmed. Farce is also characterized by physical humor, the use of deliberate absurdity or nonsense, and broadly stylized performances. Farces have been written for the stage and film. Furthermore, a farce is also often set in one particular location, where all events occur.\nJapan has a centuries-old tradition of farce plays called Kyōgen. These plays are performed as comic relief during the long, serious Noh plays.
/m/0663v	Pizza is an oven-baked flat bread typically topped with a tomato sauce, cheese and various toppings. The modern pizza was invented in Naples, Italy, and the dish has since become popular in many parts of the world. An establishment that makes and sells pizzas is called a \"pizzeria\". Many varieties of pizza exist worldwide, along with several dish variants based upon pizza. Pizza is cooked in various types of ovens, and a diverse variety of ingredients and toppings are utilized. In 2009, upon Italy's request, Neapolitan pizza was safeguarded in the European Union as a Traditional Speciality Guaranteed dish.
/m/01wtlq	Contemporary classical music can be understood as belonging to the period that started in the mid-1970s to early 1990s with the retreat of modernism. However, the term may also be employed in a broader sense to refer to all post-1945 modern musical forms.
/m/094g2z	Father of the Bride Part II is a 1995 comedy film starring Steve Martin, Diane Keaton and Martin Short. The movie is a sequel to Father of the Bride and a loose remake of the 1951 film Father's Little Dividend, the sequel to the original Father of the Bride movie released in 1950.
/m/0d9l1	Looney Tunes is a series of Warner Bros. animated comedy short films. It was produced from 1930 to 1969 during the golden age of American animation, alongside its sister series, Merrie Melodies. Looney Tunes originally showcased Warner-owned musical compositions through the adventures of cartoon characters such as Bosko and Buddy. Later Looney Tunes films featured such popular characters as Bugs Bunny, Daffy Duck, Porky Pig, Elmer Fudd, Sylvester, Tweety, Wile E. Coyote and The Road Runner. The characters themselves are commonly referred to as the \"Looney Tunes.\" The series' name is a parody of Silly Symphonies, the name of Walt Disney's concurrent series of music-based short films. From 1942 into the 1960s, Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies were the most popular cartoon shorts in movie theaters, exceeding the works of Disney and other popular competitors, including Paramount's Famous Studios, Universal's Walter Lantz Productions, Columbia's UPA, 20th Century Fox's Terrytoons, and MGM.\nSince its success during the short film era of cartoons, Looney Tunes has become a worldwide media franchise; spawning several television series, feature films, comic books, music albums, video games, and amusement park rides. Many of the characters have made and continue to make cameo appearances in various other television shows, films, and advertisements. The most popular Looney Tunes character, Bugs Bunny, is regarded as a cultural icon and has appeared in more films than any other cartoon character. Several Looney Tunes films are regarded as some of the greatest animated cartoons of all time.
/m/01tfck	Benjamin Bratt is an American actor. He is best known for his role as Rey Curtis on the TV series Law & Order and his appearances in the movies Miss Congeniality, Demolition Man, Blood in Blood Out, Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs, Traffic, La Mission, Despicable Me 2, and Piñero. He recently portrayed Dr. Jake Riley on the medical drama series Private Practice.
/m/04pbsq	Unione Calcio AlbinoLeffe is an Italian association football club based in Leffe and also representing the town of Albino, in the Province of Bergamo, Lombardy. Currently it plays in Lega Pro Prima Divisione/A.
/m/02wwmhc	The Rum Diary is a 2011 American film based on the novel of the same name by Hunter S. Thompson. The film was written and directed by Bruce Robinson and stars Johnny Depp. Filming began in Puerto Rico in March 2009. It was released on October 28, 2011.
/m/08hbxv	Koshi Nepali: कोशी अञ्चल, is one of the fourteen zones of Nepal. The headquarters of Koshi Zone is Biratnagar and is also its largest city. Other cities of Koshi Zone are Inaruwa, Dharan, Dhankuta and Itahari. Its main rivers are the Arun, Tamar and Sapta Koshi.\nThe current King of Koshi anchal is Raja Mahendra Chand of Kumaon, married to Rani Gita Chand\nKoshi is divided into six districts:
/m/045nc5	Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters GX is an anime spin-off and sequel of the original Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters anime. It aired in Japan on TV Tokyo between October 6, 2004 and March 26, 2008, and was succeeded by Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's. Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters GX follows the exploits of Judai Yuki and his companions as he attends Duel Academia. It was later dubbed in English by 4Kids Entertainment and a manga spinoff was created by Naoyuki Kageyama each under the name Yu-Gi-Oh! GX.
/m/0d117	Reims, a city in the Champagne-Ardenne region of France, lies 129 km east-northeast of Paris. Founded by the Gauls, it became a major city during the period of the Roman Empire.\nReims played a prominent ceremonial role in French monarchical history as the traditional site of the crowning of the kings of France. The Cathedral of Reims played the same role in France as Westminster Abbey has in the United Kingdom. It housed the Holy Ampulla containing the Saint Chrême, allegedly brought by a white dove at the baptism of Clovis in 496. It was used for the anointing, the most important part of the coronation of French kings.\nSome sources regard Reims as the de facto capital of the province of Champagne because it is the most populous city in the region. The 2008 census recorded 188,078 inhabitants in the city of Reims proper, and 291,735 inhabitants in the metropolitan area.
/m/08_hns	David Howell Petraeus AO is a retired American military officer and public official. He served as Director of the Central Intelligence Agency from September 6, 2011, until his resignation on November 9, 2012. Prior to his assuming the directorship of the CIA, Petraeus was a highly decorated four-star general, serving over 37 years in the United States Army. His last assignments in the Army were as commander of the International Security Assistance Force and Commander, U.S. Forces Afghanistan from July 4, 2010, to July 18, 2011. His other four-star assignments include serving as the 10th Commander, U.S. Central Command from October 13, 2008, to June 30, 2010, and as Commanding General, Multi-National Force – Iraq from February 10, 2007, to September 16, 2008. As commander of MNF-I, Petraeus oversaw all coalition forces in Iraq.\nPetraeus has a B.S. degree from the United States Military Academy, from which he graduated in 1974 as a distinguished cadet. In his class were three other future four-star generals, Martin Dempsey, Walter L. Sharp and Keith B. Alexander. He was the General George C. Marshall Award winner as the top graduate of the U.S. Army Command and General Staff College class of 1983. He subsequently earned an M.P.A. in 1985 and a Ph.D. degree in International Relations in 1987 from the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs at Princeton University. He later served as Assistant Professor of International Relations at the United States Military Academy and also completed a fellowship at Georgetown University.
/m/08sfxj	Amazing Grace is a 2006 American-British biographical drama film directed by Michael Apted, about the campaign against slave trade in the British Empire, led by William Wilberforce, who was responsible for steering anti-slave trade legislation through the British parliament. The title is a reference to the hymn \"Amazing Grace\". The film also recounts the experiences of John Newton as a crewman on a slave ship and subsequent religious conversion, which inspired his writing of the poem later used in the hymn. Newton is portrayed as a major influence on Wilberforce and the abolition movement.\nThe film premiered on 16 September 2006 at the Toronto Film Festival, followed by showings at the Heartland Film Festival, the Santa Barbara International Film Festival, and the European Film Market, before opening in wide US release on 23 February 2007, which coincided with the 200th anniversary of the date the British parliament voted to ban the slave trade.
/m/0fttg	Montgomery is the capital of the state of Alabama, and is the county seat of Montgomery County. Named for Richard Montgomery, it is located on the Alabama River, in the Gulf Coastal Plain. As of the 2010 Census, Montgomery had a population of 205,764. It is the second-largest city in Alabama, after Birmingham, and the 103rd largest in the United States. The Montgomery Metropolitan Statistical Area had a 2010 estimated population of 374,536. It is the fourth-largest in the state and 136th among United States metropolitan areas.\nThe city was incorporated in 1819, as a merger of two towns situated along the Alabama River. It became the state capital in 1846, representing the shift of power to the south-central area with the growth of cotton as a commodity crop of the Black Belt and Mobile's rise as a mercantile port. In February 1861, Montgomery was selected as the first capital of the Confederate States of America, until the seat of government moved to Richmond, Virginia, in May of that year. During the mid-20th century, Montgomery was a major site of events in the African-American Civil Rights Movement, including the Montgomery Bus Boycott and the Selma to Montgomery marches.
/m/02bfmn	Bradford Claude \"Brad\" Dourif is an American actor who gained early fame for his portrayal of Billy Bibbit in One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, and has since appeared in a number of memorable roles. He is best known for his leading role as Charles Lee Ray aka Chucky in the Child's Play franchise, Deputy Clinton Pell in Mississippi Burning, Younger Brother in Ragtime, Piter De Vries in David Lynch's Dune, Gríma Wormtongue in The Lord of the Rings and Doc Cochran in the HBO television series Deadwood.\nDourif has also worked with renowned film director Werner Herzog on many occasions, appearing in Scream of Stone, The Wild Blue Yonder, The Bad Lieutenant: Port of Call New Orleans and My Son, My Son, What Have Ye Done?. From June through September, 2013, Dourif starred alongside Amanda Plummer in an Off Broadway revival of Tennessee Williams' The Two-Character Play, his first stage appearance in twenty-nine years.
/m/07b2lv	Olivia Haigh Williams is an English film, stage and television actress who has appeared in British and American films and television series.
/m/068cn	Piedmont is one of the 20 regions of Italy. It has an area of 25,402 square kilometres and a population of about 4.6 million. The capital of Piedmont is Turin. The main local language is Piedmontese. Occitan is also spoken by a minority in the Occitan Valleys situated in the Provinces of Cuneo and Turin. Franco-Provençal is also spoken by another minority in the alpine heights of the Province of Turin. The name Piedmont comes from medieval Latin Pedemontium or Pedemontis, i.e., ad pedem montium, meaning “at the foot of the mountains”.
/m/0281s1	Sherman Oaks is a neighborhood in the San Fernando Valley region of the city of Los Angeles, California. It has two city parks and a senior center. The neighborhood includes eight public and seven private schools.
/m/06gp3f	Justina Machado is an American actress. She is known for her role as Vanessa Diaz in the HBO drama series Six Feet Under.
/m/01qrcx	Ipswich is an urban centre in South-East Queensland, Australia. Along the Bremer River Valley, it is approximately 40 km west of the Brisbane CBD. The locality of the same name forms its Central Activities District, business and administrative centre. Ipswich is the administrative centre of the City of Ipswich both of which share an estimated population of 180,000.\nOnce a large city of its own, today it has become subsumed into the Brisbane metropolitan area due to urban sprawl and is a part of Brisbane for statistical purposes. It is a major commercial and industrial area that is currently undergoing major transit oriented urban renewal, which was first planned in the Ipswich Regional Centre Strategy.\nIt began as a mining settlement and was proclaimed as a municipality on 2 March 1860, and became a city in 1904.\nIpswich is home to the Safe City camera network installed into nine suburbs to date with further expansions proposed in the coming years. 180 cameras are monitored 24/7 from a facility situated within the CBD. The Ipswich City Council Safe City Monitoring Facility has hosted representatives of law enforcement agencies from the Netherlands, Taiwan, Great Britain and approximately twenty-five local authorities from across Australia to inspect the camera monitoring system.
/m/0339z0	Horrorcore is a subgenre of hip hop music based on horror-themed lyrical content and imagery. Its origins derived from hardcore and gangsta rap artists such as the Geto Boys, which pushed the violent content of its lyrics further than most artists in the genre, as well as describing supernatural themes. The term horrorcore was popularized by openly horror-influenced hip hop groups such as Flatlinerz and Gravediggaz.
/m/014nvr	Alexandre Dumas, also known as Alexandre Dumas, père, was a French writer. His works have been translated into nearly 100 languages, and he is one of the most widely read French authors. Many of his historical novels of high adventure, including The Count of Monte Cristo, The Three Musketeers, Twenty Years After, and The Vicomte de Bragelonne: Ten Years Later were originally published as serials. His novels have been adapted since the early twentieth century for nearly 200 films. Dumas' last novel, The Knight of Sainte-Hermine, unfinished at his death, was completed by a scholar and published in 2005, becoming a bestseller. It was published in English in 2008 as The Last Cavalier.\nProlific in several genres, Dumas began his career by writing plays, which were successfully produced from the first. He also wrote numerous magazine articles and travel books; his published works totaled 100,000 pages. In the 1840s, Dumas founded the Théâtre Historique in Paris.\nDumas' father was born in Saint-Domingue to a French nobleman and an enslaved African woman. His father's aristocratic rank helped young Alexandre acquire work with Louis-Philippe, Duke of Orléans.
/m/01wxyx1	Colin James Farrell is an Irish film actor. He appeared on the BBC's Ballykissangel in 1998, made his film debut in the Tim Roth-directed The War Zone a year later and was discovered by Joel Schumacher for Tigerland. Farrell then starred in Schumacher's Phone Booth and the American thrillers S.W.A.T. and The Recruit, establishing his international box-office appeal. During that time, he also appeared in Steven Spielberg’s Minority Report and as the villain in Daredevil. After starring in the independent films Intermission and A Home at the End of the World he headed Oliver Stone’s biopic Alexander and the Terrence Malick Pocahontas movie, The New World.\nWork in Michael Mann’s Miami Vice, the adaptation of John Fante's Ask the Dust and Woody Allen’s Cassandra's Dream followed, underscoring Farrell's popularity among Hollywood writers and directors; however, it was for his role in fellow Irishman Martin McDonagh’s In Bruges that he received a Golden Globe. More recently, he co-starred in the Fright Night and Total Recall remakes and McDonagh's second feature, Seven Psychopaths. Farrell also starred with Noomi Rapace in the Niels Arden Oplev-directed action film Dead Man Down, and as Travers Goff in Saving Mr. Banks.
/m/034vds	Love of Life is an American soap opera which aired on CBS from September 24, 1951, to February 1, 1980. It was created by Roy Winsor, whose previous creation Search for Tomorrow had premiered three weeks before Love of Life, and who would go on to create The Secret Storm two and a half years later.
/m/04mkft	Warner Home Video is the home video distribution division of Warner Bros. Home Entertainment Group, itself part of Time Warner. It was founded in 1978 as WCI Home Video. The company launched in the United States with twenty films on Betamax and VHS videocassettes in late 1979. The company later expanded its line to include additional titles throughout 1979 and 1980.
/m/06pwfk	Fat Possum Records is an American independent record label based in Oxford, Mississippi. At first Fat Possum focused almost entirely on recording hitherto unknown Mississippi blues artists. Recently, Fat Possum has signed younger rock acts to its roster. The label has been featured in a New Yorker article, a piece on NPR, and a 2004 documentary, You See Me Laughin.
/m/03vfr_	The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie is a 2004 American traditional animated adventure comedy film based on the Nickelodeon television series SpongeBob SquarePants. The film was directed and produced by series creator Stephen Hillenburg, and stars the regular television cast of Tom Kenny, Bill Fagerbakke, Clancy Brown, Rodger Bumpass, and Mr. Lawrence, as well as guest performances from Scarlett Johansson, Jeffrey Tambor, Alec Baldwin, and David Hasselhoff. The film was produced by Nickelodeon Movies, in association with Hillenburg's production company, United Plankton Pictures, and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. The plot follows Plankton's evil plan to steal King Neptune's crown and send it to Shell City, where SpongeBob and Patrick must retrieve to save Mr. Krabs' life from Neptune's wrath and their home, Bikini Bottom, from Plankton's plan.\nFor more than a year, Stephen Hillenburg had been approached by Paramount Pictures to create a film based on the show, but he refused. When the film finally went into production, Hillenburg and the show's staff members halted production on the series, after the third season had been completed. A writing team consisting of Hillenburg, Paul Tibbitt, Derek Drymon, Aaron Springer, Kent Osborne and Tim Hill was assembled. They conceived the idea of a mythical hero's quest; a search for a stolen crown that would bring characters SpongeBob and Patrick to the surface. Originally, the film was meant to be the series finale, but Nickelodeon wanted more episodes, so Paul Tibbitt took over Hillenburg's position as showrunner and began working on a fourth season for broadcast in 2005. During the production, Jules Engel, Hillenburg's mentor at the California Institute of the Arts, died; the film was dedicated in his memory.
/m/0n5yh	Hillsborough County is the most populous county in the U.S. state of New Hampshire. As of the 2010 census, the population was 400,721. Its county seats are Manchester and Nashua. Hillsborough is northern New England's most populous county as well as its most densely populated.
/m/0f1kwr	FC Lugano is a Swiss football club based in Lugano. The club was founded as AC Lugano in 2004 as a result of relegation and financial situation of FC Lugano, which was founded in 1908. In 2008, the club reverted to its original name, FC Lugano. They play at the Stadio Cornaredo. They played in present Swiss Super League during periods of 1922–1953, 1954–1960, 1961–1963, 1964–1976, 1979–1980, 1988–1997 and 1998–2002.
/m/02hygl	A music video game, also commonly known as a music game, is a video game where the gameplay is meaningfully and often almost entirely oriented around the player's interactions with a musical score or individual songs. Music video games may take a variety of forms and are often grouped with puzzle games due to their common use of \"rhythmically generated puzzles\".\nStrong support for the convergence of live music and video games is evident with the success of the Video Games Live concert series. Emergent games for live concert performance, \"game-scores,\" augment traditional western music notation with the dramatic elements of animation, interactivity, graphic elements and aleatoric principles. The concept of incorporating Game Theory and music is not new and can be traced back to Musikalisches Würfelspiel.\nMusic video games are distinct from purely audio games in that they feature a visual feedback, to lead the player through the game's soundtrack, although eidetic music games can fall under both categories.
/m/0c6qh	William Bradley \"Brad\" Pitt is an American actor and film producer. Pitt has received five Academy Award nominations and five Golden Globe Award nominations, winning one Golden Globe. He has been described as one of the world's most attractive men, a label for which he has received substantial media attention.\nPitt first gained recognition as a cowboy hitchhiker in the road movie Thelma & Louise. His first leading roles in big-budget productions came with A River Runs Through It, Interview with the Vampire, and Legends of the Fall. In 1995, he gave critically acclaimed performances in the crime thriller Seven and the science fiction film 12 Monkeys, the latter earning him a Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor and an Academy Award nomination. Four years later, Pitt starred in the cult hit Fight Club. He then starred in the major international hit Ocean's Eleven and its sequels, Ocean's Twelve and Ocean's Thirteen. His greatest commercial successes have been Troy, Mr. & Mrs. Smith, and World War Z. Pitt received his second and third Academy Award nominations for his leading performances in The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and Moneyball. Pitt owns a production company, Plan B Entertainment, whose productions include The Departed, which won the Academy Award for Best Picture, and Moneyball, which garnered a Best Picture nomination.
/m/011ysn	The Thin Red Line is a 1998 American war film written and directed by Terrence Malick. Based on the novel by James Jones, it tells a fictionalized version of the Battle of Mount Austen, which was part of the Guadalcanal Campaign in the Pacific Theater of World War II. It portrays soldiers of C Company, 1st Battalion, 27th Infantry Regiment, 25th Infantry Division, played by Sean Penn, Jim Caviezel, Nick Nolte, Elias Koteas and Ben Chaplin. The title echoes a line from Rudyard Kipling's poem \"Tommy\", from Barrack-Room Ballads, in which he calls foot soldiers \"the thin red line of heroes\", referring to the stand of the 93rd Regiment in the Battle of Balaclava of the Crimean War.\nThe film marked Malick's return to filmmaking after a 20-year absence. It features a large ensemble cast, including performances and cameos by notable actors, including Adrien Brody, George Clooney, John Cusack, Woody Harrelson, John C. Reilly and John Travolta. Reportedly, the first assembled cut took seven months to edit and ran five hours. By the final cut, all footage of the performances by Billy Bob Thornton, Martin Sheen, Gary Oldman, Bill Pullman, Lukas Haas, Jason Patric, Viggo Mortensen, and Mickey Rourke had been removed. The film was scored by Hans Zimmer, John Powell and Klaus Badelt, and shot by John Toll. Principal photography took place in Australia in the state of Queensland.
/m/01t6xz	Noah Strausser Speer Wyle is an American film, television and theatre actor. He is best known for his roles as Dr. John Carter in ER and as Tom Mason in Falling Skies. He has also played Steve Jobs in the 1999 docudrama Pirates of Silicon Valley, Dr. Kenneth Monnitoff in the cult hit Donnie Darko, and Flynn Carsen in The Librarian franchise. Wyle was named one of the 50 Most Beautiful People by People magazine in 2001.
/m/02xs0q	David Javerbaum is a 13-time Emmy-winning American comedy writer. As of 2013 he is the creator and executive producer of two news-parody shows, No, You Shut Up! and Good Morning Today, which are co-produced by The Henson Company and air on Fusion, as well as God's secretary for his Twitter account @TheTweetOfGod.\nJaverbaum was hired as a staff writer at The Daily Show with Jon Stewart in 1999. He was promoted to head writer in 2002 and became an executive producer at the end of 2006. His work for the program won 11 Emmy Awards, a Grammy Award, two Peabody Awards and Television Critics Association Awards for both Best Comedy and Best News Show. He was also one of the three principal authors of the show's textbook parody America: A Citizen's Guide to Democracy Inaction, which sold 2.6 million copies and won the 2005 Thurber Prize for American Humor. He became a consulting producer at the start of 2009 and spent the next 18 months spearheading the writing of the book's sequel, Earth: A Visitor's Guide to the Human Race, which was released in September 2010; his co-production of its audiobook earned the 2011 Grammy Award for Best Spoken-Word Album. He left the show in July 2010.
/m/0978r	The city of Cambridge is a university town and the administrative centre of the county of Cambridgeshire, England. It lies in East Anglia, on the River Cam, about 50 miles north from London. According to the United Kingdom Census 2011, its population was 123,867. This makes Cambridge the second largest city in Cambridgeshire after Peterborough, and the 54th largest in the United Kingdom. There is archaeological evidence of settlement in the area during the Bronze Age and Roman times; under Viking rule Cambridge became an important trading centre. The first town charters were granted in the 12th century, although city status was not conferred until 1951.\nCambridge is most widely known as the home of the University of Cambridge, founded in 1209 and consistently ranked one of the top five universities in the world. The university includes the renowned Cavendish Laboratory, King's College Chapel, and the Cambridge University Library. The Cambridge skyline is dominated by the last two buildings, along with the chimney of Addenbrooke's Hospital in the far south of the city and St John's College Chapel tower.\nToday, Cambridge is at the heart of the high-technology centre known as Silicon Fen – a play on Silicon Valley and the fens surrounding the city. Its economic strengths lie in industries such as software and bioscience, many start-up companies having been spun out of the university. Over 40% of the workforce have a higher education qualification, more than twice the national average. Cambridge is also home to the Cambridge Biomedical Campus, one of the largest biomedical research clusters in the world.
/m/01ptt7	The University of Kentucky is a public co-educational university in Lexington, Kentucky. Founded in 1865 by John Bowman as the Agricultural and Mechanical College of Kentucky, the university is one of the state's two land-grant universities, the largest college or university in the state, with 28,928 students as of Fall 2012, and the highest ranked research university in the state according to U.S. News and World Report.\nStudents are divided into 16 colleges, a graduate school, 93 undergraduate programs, 99 master programs, 66 doctoral programs, and four professional programs. The University of Kentucky has fifteen libraries on campus. The largest is William T. Young Library, a federal depository, hosting subjects related to social sciences, humanities and life sciences collections. In recent years, the university has focused expenditures increasingly on research, following a compact formed by the Kentucky General Assembly in 1997. The directive mandated that the university become a Top 20 public research institution, in terms of an overall ranking to be determined by the university itself, by the year 2020.
/m/035yn8	The Exorcist is a 1973 American supernatural horror film directed by William Friedkin, adapted by William Peter Blatty from his 1971 novel of the same name. The book, inspired by the 1949 exorcism case of Roland Doe, deals with the demonic possession of a 12-year-old girl and her mother's desperate attempts to win back her child through an exorcism conducted by two priests.\nThe film features Linda Blair, Ellen Burstyn, Max von Sydow, Jason Miller, Lee J. Cobb, and Mercedes McCambridge. It is one of a cycle of \"demonic child\" films produced from the late 1960s to the mid-1970s, including Rosemary's Baby and The Omen.\nThe Exorcist was released theatrically in the United States by Warner Bros. on December 26, 1973. The film earned 10 Academy Award nominations, winning two, and losing Best Picture to The Sting. It became one of the highest-grossing films of all time, grossing over $441 million worldwide. It is also the first horror film to be nominated for Best Picture.\nThe film has had a significant influence on popular culture. It was named the scariest film of all time by Entertainment Weekly and Movies.com and by viewers of AMC in 2006, and was No. 3 on Bravo's The 100 Scariest Movie Moments. In 2010, the Library of Congress selected the film to be preserved as part of its National Film Registry. In 2003, it was placed at No. 2 in Channel 4's The 100 Greatest Scary Moments in the United Kingdom.
/m/01q0l	Constantinople was the capital city of the Roman, Byzantine, Latin, and the Ottoman empires. It was reinaugurated in 324 AD at ancient Byzantium, as the new capital of the Roman Empire by Constantine the Great, after whom it was named, and dedicated on 11 May 330. In the 12th century, the city was the largest and wealthiest European city.\nEventually, the empire of Christian Eastern Orthodoxy known as the Byzantine Empire in the east was reduced to just the capital and its environs, falling to the Ottoman Empire in the historic battle of 1453. The city then became the Ottoman's fourth and final capital up until its collapse in 1923 which was replaced with the Republic of Turkey with Ankara as the current capital.\nThe city itself remained and prospered as the Muslim capital in the Ottoman period; however, scholars normally reserve the name \"Constantinople\" for the city in the Christian period of 330–1453, preferring \"Istanbul\" for the city's name in later centuries. However, many Western writers have continued to refer to the city by its older name into modern times. The name \"Constantinople\" is still used by members of the Eastern Orthodox Church in the title of one of their most important leaders, the Orthodox patriarch based in the city, referred to as \"His Most Divine All-Holiness the Archbishop of Constantinople New Rome and Ecumenical Patriarch.\"
/m/0hhjk	The Museum of Modern Art is an art museum in Midtown Manhattan in New York City between Fifth and Sixth Avenues. It has been important in developing and collecting modernist art, and is often identified as the most influential museum of modern art in the world. The museum's collection offers an overview of modern and contemporary art, including works of architecture and design, drawing, painting, sculpture, photography, prints, illustrated books and artist's books, film, and electronic media.\nMoMA's library and archives hold over 300,000 books, artist books, and periodicals, as well as individual files on more than 70,000 artists. The archives contain primary source material related to the history of modern and contemporary art. It also houses a restaurant, The Modern, run by Alsace-born chef Gabriel Kreuther.
/m/026c0p	Roy Mitchell Kinnear was a British character actor. He was familiar to UK audiences for his appearances in many British television comedy shows, and is also remembered for his film appearances as Veruca Salt's father, Mr. Salt, in Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory and as Planchet in Richard Lester's The Three Musketeers and its two sequels. It was during the filming of the latter sequel that Kinnear died as a result of a riding accident.
/m/01t94_1	George Burns, born Nathan Birnbaum, was an American comedian, actor and writer.\nHe was one of the few entertainers whose career successfully spanned vaudeville, film, radio, and television. His arched eyebrow and cigar smoke punctuation became familiar trademarks for over three-quarters of a century.\nAt the age of 79, Burns' career was resurrected as an amiable, beloved and unusually active old comedian in the 1975 film The Sunshine Boys, for which he won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor. He continued to work until shortly before his death, in 1996, at the age of 100.
/m/07csf4	Maury Alan Chaykin was an American-born Canadian actor, best known for his portrayal of detective Nero Wolfe, as well as for his work as a character actor in many films and television programs.
/m/015pkc	Tobias Vincent \"Tobey\" Maguire is an American actor and film producer who began his career in the late 1980s. He is known for his role as Peter Parker / Spider-Man in Sam Raimi's Spider-Man film trilogy, as well as for his roles in Pleasantville, The Cider House Rules, Wonder Boys, Seabiscuit, Brothers, and The Great Gatsby. He has been nominated for Screen Actors Guild and Golden Globe Awards and received two Saturn Awards, including one for Best Actor.
/m/01c_d	The Buffalo Bills are a professional American football team based in Orchard Park, New York. They are members of the East Division of the American Football Conference in the National Football League. The Bills are the only team to win four consecutive conference championships, and are the only NFL team to play in four consecutive Super Bowl games, all of which they lost. They have only had one owner, Ralph Wilson, in their fifty-three years of existence. They have also featured many of the League's most prominent and popular players, including Jack Kemp, Cookie Gilchrist, Bob Kalsu, O.J. Simpson, Bruce Smith, Jim Kelly, Thurman Thomas, and Andre Reed.\nSince 1972, the Bills have played home games at Ralph Wilson Stadium in the Buffalo suburb of Orchard Park. The Bills are the only NFL team to play their home games within New York state. Since the 2008 NFL season the Bills have played one regular season home game per season in Toronto as part of the Bills Toronto Series. The Bills conduct summer training camp at St. John Fisher College in Pittsford, New York, an eastern suburb of Rochester. In January 2013, Doug Marrone agreed to become the next head coach of the Bills. The Bills currently have the longest playoff drought in the NFL, having not appeared since 1999, and the longest active streak of losing seasons, having not finished .500 or better since 2004.
/m/01k60v	Silkwood is a 1983 American drama film directed by Mike Nichols. The screenplay by Nora Ephron and Alice Arlen was inspired by the life of Karen Silkwood, a labor union activist who died in a suspicious car accident while investigating alleged wrongdoing at the Kerr-McGee plutonium plant where she worked.
/m/0y3_8	Synthpop is a genre of popular music that first became prominent in the 1980s, in which the synthesizer is the dominant musical instrument. It was prefigured in the 1960s and early 1970s by the use of synthesizers in progressive rock, electronic art rock, disco and particularly the \"Krautrock\" of bands like Kraftwerk. It arose as a distinct genre in Japan and the United Kingdom in the post-punk era as part of the new wave movement of the late-1970s to the mid-1980s.\nEarly synthpop pioneers included Japanese group Yellow Magic Orchestra and British bands Ultravox and the Human League; the latter largely used monophonic synthesizers to produce music with a simple and austere sound. After the breakthrough of Tubeway Army and Gary Numan in the British Singles Chart, large numbers of artists began to enjoy success with a synthesizer-based sound in the early 1980s, including Soft Cell, Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark, Japan and Depeche Mode in the United Kingdom, while in Japan, Yellow Magic Orchestra's success opened the way for synthpop bands such as P-Model, Plastics, and Hikashu. The development of inexpensive polyphonic synthesizers, the definition of MIDI and the use of dance beats, led to a more commercial and accessible sound for synthpop. This, its adoption by the style-conscious acts from the New Romantic movement, together with the rise of MTV, led to success for large numbers of British synthpop acts, including Duran Duran and Spandau Ballet, in the United States.
/m/0127c4	Tyne and Wear is a metropolitan county in North East region of England around the mouths of the rivers Tyne and Wear. It came into existence in 1974 after the passage of the Local Government Act 1972. It consists of the five metropolitan boroughs of South Tyneside, North Tyneside, City of Newcastle upon Tyne, Gateshead and City of Sunderland. It is bounded on the east by the North Sea, and has borders with Northumberland to the north and County Durham to the south.\nPrior to the 1974 reforms, the territory now covered by the county of Tyne and Wear straddled the border between the counties of Northumberland and Durham, the border being marked by the river Tyne; that territory also included five county boroughs.\nTyne and Wear County Council was abolished in 1986, and so its districts are now unitary authorities. However, the metropolitan county continues to exist in law and as a geographic frame of reference, and as a ceremonial county.
/m/015pkt	The 1960 Winter Olympics was a winter multi-sport event held between February 18–28, 1960 in Squaw Valley, California, United States. Squaw Valley was chosen to host the Games at the 1956 meeting of the International Olympic Committee. It was an undeveloped resort in 1955, so from 1956 to 1960 the infrastructure and all of the venues were built at a cost of US$80,000,000. It was designed to be intimate, allowing spectators and competitors to walk to nearly all the venues. Squaw Valley hosted athletes from thirty nations who competed in four sports and twenty-seven events. Women's speed skating and biathlon made their Olympic debuts. The organizers decided the bobsled events did not warrant the cost to build a venue, so for the first and only time bobsled was not on the Winter Olympic program. The Soviet Union dominated the medal count winning twenty-one medals, seven of which were gold. Soviet speed skaters Yevgeny Grishin and Lidiya Skoblikova won two gold medals each. Swedish cross-country skier Sixten Jernberg added a gold and silver to the four medals he won at the 1956 Winter Games.\nCold War politics forced the IOC to debate the participation of China, Taiwan, North Korea and East Germany. In 1957 the United States government threatened to deny visas to athletes from Communist countries. The IOC responded with a threat to revoke Squaw Valley's right to host the 1960 Games. The United States conceded and allowed entry to athletes from Communist countries.
/m/017_hq	The B-52s are an American New Wave band, formed in Athens, Georgia in 1976. The original line-up consisted of Fred Schneider, Kate Pierson, Cindy Wilson, Ricky Wilson, and Keith Strickland. Following Ricky Wilson's death in 1985 Strickland switched full-time to guitar. The band subsequently added various musicians for their live shows. This included Sara Lee or Tracy Wormworth on, Zachary Alford or Sterling Campbell on and Pat Irwin or Paul Gordon.\nRooted in new wave and 1960s rock and roll, the group later covered many genres ranging from post-punk to pop rock. The \"guy vs. gals\" vocals of Schneider, Pierson, and Wilson, sometimes used in call and response style, are a trademark. Presenting themselves as a positive, fun, enthusiastic, slightly oddball and goofy party band, the B-52's tell tall tales, glorify wild youth and celebrate sexy romance.
/m/06fkkh	The Tokugawa clan was a powerful daimyo family of Japan. They nominally descended from Emperor Seiwa and were a branch of the Minamoto clan by the Nitta clan. However, the early history of this clan remains a mystery. Members of the clan ruled Japan as Shoguns from 1603 to 1867.
/m/0bk25	Macedonia or Macedon was an ancient Greek kingdom. The kingdom, centered in the northeastern part of the Greek peninsula, was bordered by Epirus to the west, Paeonia to the north, the region of Thrace to the east and Thessaly to the south. The rise of Macedon, from a small kingdom at the periphery of Classical Greek affairs, to one which came to dominate the entire Hellenic world, occurred under the reign of Philip II. For a brief period, after the conquests of Alexander the Great, it became the most powerful state in the world, controlling a territory that included the former Persian empire, stretching as far as the Indus River; at that time it inaugurated the Hellenistic period of Ancient Greek civilization.
/m/0y1mh	Malay is a major language of the Austronesian family. It is the national language of Indonesia, Malaysia, and Brunei, and it is one of four official languages of Singapore. It is spoken natively by 40 million people across the Malacca Strait, including the coasts of the Malay Peninsula of Malaysia and the eastern coast of Sumatra in Indonesia, and has been established as a native language of part of western coastal Sarawak and West Kalimantan in Borneo. The total number of speakers of the language is more than 215 million.\nAs the Bahasa Kebangsaan or Bahasa Nasional of several states, Standard Malay has various official names. In Singapore and Brunei it is called Bahasa Melayu; in Malaysia, Bahasa Malaysia; and in Indonesia, Bahasa Indonesia and is designated the Bahasa Persatuan/Pemersatu. However, in areas of central to southern Sumatra where the language is indigenous, Indonesians refer to it as Bahasa Melayu and consider it one of their regional languages.\nStandard Malay, also called Court Malay, was the literary standard of the pre-colonial Malacca and Johor Sultanates, and so the language is sometimes called Malacca, Johor, or Riau Malay to distinguish it from the various other Malayan languages, though it has no connection to the Malay dialect of the Riau Islands. According to Ethnologue 16, several of the Malayan varieties they currently list as separate languages, including the Orang Asli varieties of Peninsular Malay, are so closely related to standard Malay that they may prove to be dialects. There are also several Malay-based creole languages which are based on a lingua franca derived from Classical Malay, as well as Makassar Malay, which appears to be a mixed language.
/m/04xbq3	American Masters is a PBS television show which produces biographies on artists, actors and writers of the United States who have left a profound impact on the nation's popular culture. It is produced by WNET in New York City. The show debuted on PBS in 1986.\nGroups or organizations featured include: Actors Studio, Algonquin Round Table, Group Theatre, Sweet Honey in the Rock, Women of Tin Pan Alley, Negro Ensemble Company, Juilliard School, the Beat Generation, The Singer-songwriters of the 1970s, Sun Records, Vaudeville, and Warner Bros..
/m/02vr3gz	The Orphanage is a 2007 Spanish horror film and the debut feature of Spanish filmmaker J.A. Bayona. The film stars Belén Rueda as Laura, Fernando Cayo as her husband, Carlos, and Roger Príncep as their adopted son Simón. The plot centers on Laura, who returns to her childhood home, an orphanage. Laura plans to turn the house into a home for disabled children, but a problem arises when she and Carlos realize that Simón believes he has a masked friend named Tomás with whom he will run away. After an argument with Laura, Simón is found to be missing.\nThe film's script was written by Sergio G. Sánchez in 1996 and brought to the attention of Bayona in 2004. Bayona asked his long-time friend, director Guillermo del Toro, to help produce the film and to double its budget and filming time. Bayona wanted the film to capture the feel of 1970s Spanish cinema; he cast Geraldine Chaplin and Belén Rueda, who were later praised for their roles in the film.\nThe film opened at the Cannes Film Festival on May 20, 2007. It received critical acclaim from audiences in its native Spain, winning seven Goya awards. On its North American release, The Orphanage was praised by English speaking critics, who described the film as well directed and acted, and noted the film's lack of \"cheap scares\", so New Line Cinema bought the rights to the film for an American remake.
/m/02fhtq	Old-time music is a genre of North American folk music, with roots in the folk music of various cultures of Ireland, Britain, Africa, and Continental Europe. It developed along with various North American folk dances, such as square dancing, flatfoot dancing, buck dancing, and clogging. The genre also encompasses ballads and other types of folk songs. It is played on acoustic instruments, generally centering on a combination of fiddle and plucked string instruments.
/m/0g4pl7z	\"The story of Ayrton Senna, perhaps the greatest race car driver who ever lived, is an epic tale that literally twists at every turn. In the mid 1980s, Senna, a young, gifted driver, exploded onto the world of Formula One racing. As a Brazilian in a predominantly European sport, a purist in a world polluted with backroom deals, and a man of faith in an arena filled with cynicism, Senna had to fight hard—both on and off the track. Facing titanic struggles, he conquered Formula One and became a global icon who was idolized in his home country.\nTold solely through the use of archival footage, Asif Kapadia’s documentary is a thrill ride worthy of its daring subject. Adrenaline will be pumping as cameras from inside Senna’s car put you smack-dab in the driver’s seat. Buckle your seat belt; Senna will take you on a trip you do not want to miss.\"\nQuoting the description from the 2011 Sundance Film Festival site.
/m/01zxx9	Agra, the former capital of Hindustan, is a city on the banks of the river Yamuna in the northern state of Uttar Pradesh, India. It is 363 kilometres west of the state capital, Lucknow, and 200 kilometres south of the national capital New Delhi. With a population of 1,686,976, it is one of the most populous cities in Uttar Pradesh and the 19th most populous in India. Agra can also refer to the administrative district that has its headquarters in Agra city. It is a major tourist destination because of its many splendid Mughal-era buildings, most notably the Tāj Mahal, Agra Fort and Fatehpūr Sikrī, all three of which are UNESCO World Heritage Sites. Agra is included on the Golden Triangle tourist circuit, along with Delhi and Jaipur.\nThe city is mentioned in the epic Mahābhārata, where it was called Agrevaṇa. Legend ascribes the founding of the city to Raja Badal Singh, a Sikarwar Rajput king, whose fort, Badalgarh, stood on or near the site of the present fort. However, the 11th century Persian poet Mas'ūd Sa'd Salmān writes of a desperate assault on the fortress of Agra, then held by the Shāhī King Jayapala, by Sultan Mahmud of Ghazni. Sultan Sikandar Lodī was the first to move his capital from Delhi to Agra in 1506. He died in 1517 and his son, Ibrāhīm Lodī, remained in power there for nine more years, finally being defeated at the Battle of Panipat in 1526. Between 1540 and 1556, Afghans, beginning with Sher Shah Suri ruled the area. It achieved fame as the capital of the Mughal Empire from 1556 to 1658.
/m/082mw	William Somerset Maugham CH was a British playwright, novelist and short story writer. He was among the most popular writers of his era and reputedly the highest paid author during the 1930s.\nAfter losing both his parents by the age of 10, Maugham was raised by a paternal uncle who was emotionally cold. Not wanting to become a lawyer like other men in his family, Maugham eventually trained and qualified as a doctor. The first run of his first novel, Liza of Lambeth, sold out so rapidly that Maugham gave up medicine to write full-time.\nDuring the First World War, he served with the Red Cross and in the ambulance corps, before being recruited in 1916 into the British Secret Intelligence Service, for which he worked in Switzerland and Russia before the Bolshevik Revolution of 1917. During and after the war, he traveled in India and Southeast Asia; all of these experiences were reflected in later short stories and novels.
/m/047951	A national university is generally a university created or managed by a government, but which may at the same time operate autonomously without direct control by the state.\nSome national universities are associated with national cultural or political aspirations. For example, the National University of Ireland during the early days of Irish independence collected a large amount of information about the Irish language and Irish culture. In Argentina, the national universities are the result of the 1918 Argentine university reform and subsequent reforms, which were intended to provide a secular university system without direct clerical or government influence by bestowing self-government on the institutions.
/m/04rqd	MTV is an American basic cable and satellite television channel owned by the MTV Networks Music & Logo Group, a unit of the Viacom Media Networks division of Viacom. The channel is headquartered in New York City, New York. Launched on August 1, 1981, the original purpose of the channel was to play music videos guided by television personalities known as \"video jockeys,\" or VJs. In its early years, MTV's main target demographic were young adults, but today, MTV's programming is primarily targeted at adolescents and teenagers in addition to young adults.\nMTV has spawned numerous sister channels in the U.S. and affiliated channels internationally, some of which have gone independent. MTV's influence on its audience, including issues related to censorship and social activism, has been a subject of debate for years.\nAs of August 2013, approximately 97,654,000 American households receive MTV.
/m/05h83	Non-fiction is one of the two main divisions in prose writing, the other form being fiction. Non-fiction is a story based on real facts and information . Non-fiction is a narrative, account, or other communicative work whose assertions and descriptions are believed by the author to be factual. These assertions and descriptions may or may not be accurate, and can give either a true or a false account of the subject in question; however, it is generally assumed that authors of such accounts believe them to be truthful at the time of their composition or, at least, pose them to their audience as historically or empirically true. Reporting the beliefs of others in a non-fiction format is not necessarily an endorsement of the ultimate veracity of those beliefs, it is simply saying it is true that people believe them. Non-fiction can also be written about fiction, giving information about these other works. Non-fiction need not necessarily be written text, since pictures and film can also purport to present a factual account of a subject.
/m/02dw1_	The Incredible String Band were a psychedelic folk band formed in Scotland in 1966. The band built a considerable following, especially within the British counterculture, before splitting up in 1974. The group's members are musical pioneers in psychedelic folk and, by integrating a wide variety of traditional music forms and instruments, in the development of world music. The group reformed in 1999 and continued to perform until 2006.
/m/018n6m	Melissa Arnette \"Missy\" Elliott is an American rapper, singer-songwriter, and record producer. Her first major success came as a songwriter with childhood friend and producer Timbaland on projects for Aaliyah, Total, SWV, and 702. As a record producer and songwriter, she has worked with the likes of Mariah Carey, Whitney Houston, and Janet Jackson, as well as contemporary artists Keyshia Cole, Ciara, G Dragon and Monica.\nIn the late 1990s, Elliott expanded her career as a solo artist and female rapper, eventually winning five Grammy Awards and selling over 30 million records in the United States. Elliott is the only female rapper to have six albums certified platinum by the RIAA, including one double platinum for her 2002 album Under Construction.\nElliott is also known for a series of hits and diverse music videos, including \"The Rain\", \"Hot Boyz\", \"Get Ur Freak On\", \"Work It\", and the Grammy award-winning video for \"Lose Control.\"
/m/0h63q6t	Wonder Woman is a 2011 television movie written by David E. Kelley and directed by Jeffrey Reiner
/m/02y9bj	The University of Memphis, also called the U of M, is an American public research university located in the Normal Station neighborhood of Memphis, Tennessee and is the flagship institution of the Tennessee Board of Regents system.\nWith an enrollment of more than 23,000 students, the University of Memphis has 25 Chairs of Excellence and five state-approved Centers of Excellence.\nThe University maintains the Journalism and Public Relations department, Center for Earthquake Research and Information, Cecil C. Humphreys School of Law, the former Lambuth University campus, which is now a branch campus of the University, the Loewenberg School of Nursing, FedEx Institute of Technology, and the Institute of Egyptian Art and Archaeology.
/m/0bs1g5r	Peter Gene Hernandez, known by his stage name Bruno Mars, is an American singer-songwriter, record producer, actor and choreographer. Born and raised in Honolulu, Hawaii, by a family of musicians, Mars began making music at a young age and performed in various musical venues in his hometown throughout his childhood. He graduated from high school and moved to Los Angeles to pursue a musical career. Mars produced songs for other artists, co-founding production team The Smeezingtons.\nMars had an unsuccessful stint with Motown Records, but then signed with Atlantic in 2009. He became recognized as a solo artist after lending his vocals to the songs \"Nothin' on You\" by B.o.B, and \"Billionaire\" by Travie McCoy, which were worldwide successes, and for which he co-wrote the hooks. Mars' production formula allowed him, and his production team, to work with an assortment of artists from various genres.\nHis debut studio album, Doo-Wops & Hooligans, released in 2010, peaked at number three on the Billboard 200, anchored by the worldwide number-one singles \"Just the Way You Are\" and \"Grenade\", as well as by the single \"The Lazy Song\". The album was nominated for seven Grammy Awards, winning Best Pop Vocal Performance for \"Just The Way You Are\". His second album, Unorthodox Jukebox, released in 2012, peaked at number one in the United States, UK and other international markets. The album spawned the international singles \"Locked Out of Heaven\", \"When I Was Your Man\" and \"Treasure\".
/m/052q4j	Catholic schools are maintained parochial schools or education ministries of the Catholic Church. As of 2011 the Church operates the world's largest non-governmental school system. Catholic schools participate in the evangelizing mission of the Church, integrating religious education as the core subject within their curriculum.
/m/0l3cy	Wuhan is the capital of Hubei province, People's Republic of China, and is the most populous city in Central China. It lies in the eastern Jianghan Plain at the intersection of the middle reaches of the Yangtze and Han rivers. Arising out of the conglomeration of three cities, Wuchang, Hankou, and Hanyang, Wuhan is known as \"the nine provinces' leading thoroughfare\"; it is a major transportation hub, with dozens of railways, roads and expressways passing through the city. Because of its key role in domestic transportation, Wuhan was sometimes referred to as the \"Chicago of China.\" It is recognized as the political, economic, financial, cultural, educational and transportation center of central China. The city of Wuhan, first termed as such in 1927, has a population of 10,020,000 people, with about 6,434,373 residents in its urban area. In the 1920s, Wuhan was the national capital of a leftist Kuomintang government led by Wang Jingwei in opposition to Chiang Kai-shek, as well as wartime capital in 1937.
/m/0drc1	Richard Charles Rodgers was an American composer of music for more than 900 songs and for 43 Broadway musicals. He also composed music for films and television. He is best known for his songwriting partnerships with the lyricists Lorenz Hart and Oscar Hammerstein II. His compositions have had a significant impact on popular music down to the present day, and have an enduring broad appeal.\nRodgers was the first person to win what are considered the top show business awards in television, recording, movies and Broadway—an Emmy, a Grammy, an Oscar, and a Tony—now known collectively as an EGOT. He has also won a Pulitzer Prize, making him one of two people to receive each award.
/m/03dm7	Greenwich Village, often referred to by locals as simply \"the Village\", is a largely residential neighborhood on the west side of Lower Manhattan in New York City, in the U.S. state of New York. A large majority of the district is home to upper middle class families. Greenwich Village, however, was known in the late 19th to mid 20th centuries as an artists' haven, the bohemian capital, and the East Coast birthplace of both the Beat and '60s counterculture movements. What provided the initial attractive character of the community eventually contributed to its gentrification and commercialization. The name of the village was Anglicized from the Dutch name Groenwijck, meaning \"Green District\", into Greenwich, a borough of London.
/m/03cz4j	Shin-ichiro Miki is a Japanese voice actor. He is a member of 81 Produce.\nMiki is most known for the roles of Kojiro, Takumi Fujiwara, Kisuke Urahara, Akira Yuki, Lockon Stratos, and Roy Mustang.\nAccording to the Anime News Network, as of spring 2007, Miki is the third most prolific voice actor behind Takehito Koyasu and Megumi Hayashibara, with over 230 voice credits to his name.
/m/01x4wq	Barnsley Football Club is a professional English football club based in the town of Barnsley, South Yorkshire. Nicknamed the Tykes, they were founded in 1887 under the name Barnsley St. Peter's. The club colours are red and white, and their home ground since 1888 has been Oakwell. The club currently plays in the Championship, the second tier in the English game.
/m/03ydlnj	The Boat That Rocked is a 2009 British comedy film written and directed by Richard Curtis, with pirate radio in the United Kingdom during the 1960s as its setting. The film has an ensemble cast featuring Philip Seymour Hoffman, Bill Nighy, Rhys Ifans, Nick Frost, and Kenneth Branagh. Set in 1966, it tells the story of the fictitious pirate radio station \"Radio Rock\" and its crew of eclectic disc jockeys, who broadcast rock and pop music to the United Kingdom from a ship anchored in the North Sea while the British government endeavours to shut them down. It was produced by Working Title Films for Universal Pictures, and was filmed on the Isle of Portland and at Shepperton Studios.\nThe film opened 1 April 2009 and was a commercial failure at the British box office, making only £6.1 million in its first twelve weeks, less than a quarter of its over £30 million production cost. It received mixed reviews, with most criticism directed at its muddled storyline and 2¼-hour length. For its North American release it was re-edited to trim its running time by twenty minutes, and retitled Pirate Radio. Opening 13 November 2009, Pirate Radio was still commercially unsuccessful, earning only about US$8 million.
/m/0cd78	Economic history is the study of economies or economic phenomena in the past. Analysis in economic history is undertaken using a combination of historical methods, statistical methods, and by applying economic theory to historical situations and institutions. The topic includes business history, financial history and overlaps with areas of social history such as demographic history and labor history. Quantitative economic history is also referred to as Cliometrics.
/m/02ctzb	White people is a term for a set of ethnic groups, and functions as a colour metaphor for race. The definition of \"white person\" differs according to geographical and historical context. Various social constructions of whiteness have had implications in terms of national identity, consanguinity, public policy, religion, population statistics, racial segregation, affirmative action, eugenics, racial marginalization and racial quotas. The concept has been applied with varying degrees of formality and internal consistency in disciplines including sociology, politics, genetics, biology, medicine, biomedicine, language, culture, and law.
/m/024tsn	Forfar Athletic Football Club are a Scottish semi-professional football club from the town of Forfar, Angus. They are members of the Scottish Professional Football League and currently play in the Scottish League One. They play their home games at Station Park, in the north end of Forfar.\nThe club are nicknamed \"the Loons\", although they are sometimes referred to as the \"Sky Blues\". One explanation for the origins of the Loons' moniker is that the second string were younger than the first team, so over time people would say \"I'm off to watch the Loons\".\nOther rival clubs in Angus include Arbroath, Brechin City and Montrose, as well as the larger clubs of Dundee, Dundee United, Aberdeen and St. Johnstone in the wider east of Scotland region. As well as taking part in the Scottish Professional Football League the club also participate in the Scottish Cup, the League Cup, the Challenge Cup and the Forfarshire Cup every season.
/m/03fyrh	Greco-Roman wrestling is a style of wrestling that is practiced worldwide. It was contested at the first modern Olympic Games in 1896 and has been included in every edition of the summer Olympics held since 1908. Two wrestlers are scored for their performance in two three-minute periods, which can be terminated early by a pinfall. This style of wrestling forbids holds below the waist which is the major difference from freestyle wrestling, the other form of wrestling at the Olympics. This restriction results in an emphasis on throws because a wrestler cannot use trips to take an opponent to the ground, or avoid throws by hooking or grabbing the opponent's leg.\nArm drags, bear hugs, and headlocks, which can be found in Freestyle, have even greater prominence in Greco-Roman. In particular, a throw known as a suplex is used, in which the offensive wrestler lifts his opponent in a high arch while falling backward on his own neck to a bridge in order to bring his opponent's shoulders down to the mat. Even on the mat, a Greco-Roman wrestler must still find several ways to turn his opponent's shoulders to the mat for a fall without legs, including techniques known as the bodylock and the gut-wrench.
/m/015czt	A lieutenant is a junior commissioned officer in many nations' armed forces, fire service, or law enforcement.\nThe meaning of lieutenant differs in different military formations, but is often subdivided into senior and junior ranks. In navies it is often equivalent to the army rank of captain; it may also indicate a particular post rather than a rank. The rank is also used in fire services, emergency medical services, security services and police forces.\nLieutenant may also appear as part of a title used in various other organizations with a codified command structure. It often designates someone who is \"second-in-command,\" and as such, may precede the name of the rank directly above it. For example, a \"lieutenant master\" is likely to be second-in-command to the \"master\" in an organization using both ranks.\nPolitical uses include lieutenant governor in various governments, and Quebec lieutenant in Canadian politics. In the United Kingdom, a Lord Lieutenant is the sovereign's representative in a county or lieutenancy area, while a Deputy Lieutenant is one the Lord Lieutenant's deputies.
/m/05ft32	The Believer is a 2001 American drama film co-written and directed by Henry Bean. The film stars Ryan Gosling as Daniel Balint, a Jew who becomes a Neo-Nazi. It won the Grand Jury Prize at the 2001 Sundance Film Festival and the Golden St. George at the 23rd Moscow International Film Festival.\nThe film is loosely based on the true story of Daniel Burros, a member of the American Nazi Party and the New York branch of the United Klans of America who committed suicide after being exposed by a New York Times reporter as a Jew.
/m/0l_j_	The Parliament of Canada is the federal legislative branch of Canada, seated at Parliament Hill in the national capital, Ottawa, Ontario. The body consists of the Canadian monarch, represented by a viceroy, the governor general; an upper house—the Senate; and a lower house—the House of Commons. Each element has its own officers and organization. The governor general summons and appoints each of the 105 senators on the advice of the Prime Minister of Canada, while the 308 members of the House of Commons—called members of parliament —are directly elected by eligible Canadian voters, with each MP representing a single electoral district, commonly referred to as a riding.\nBy constitutional convention, the House of Commons is the dominant branch of parliament, the Senate and Crown rarely opposing its will. The Senate reviews legislation from a less partisan standpoint and the monarch or viceroy provides the necessary Royal Assent to make bills into law. The governor general also summons parliament, while either the viceroy or monarch can prorogue or dissolve parliament, the latter in order to call a general election. Either will read the Throne Speech. The current parliament, summoned by Governor General David Johnston on 2 June 2011, is the 41st since Confederation in 1867.
/m/0776drd	The Japan Academy Prize for Picture of the Year is a film award given to the best film at the annual Japan Academy Prize.
/m/03cp7b3	William Chang Suk Ping is a Hong Kong film editor, production designer and art director, and along with cinematographer Christopher Doyle is an important collaborator with Hong Kong film director Wong Kar-wai. He has participated in all of Wong Kar Wai's films.\nIn addition to Wong Kar Wai, William Chang also has collaborated with various Hong Kong film directors such as Stanley Kwan, Patrick Tam Kar Ming, Yim Ho and Tsui Hark.\nWilliam Chang is known for his nostalgic mood in art directing and frequent use of improvisation and split narratives in film editing.
/m/019n9w	Pomona College is a private, residential, liberal arts college in Claremont, California, United States.\nThe founding member of the Claremont Colleges, Pomona is a non-sectarian, coeducational school. Since 1925, the Claremont Colleges, which have grown to include five undergraduate and two graduate institutions, have provided Pomona's student body with the resources of a larger university while preserving the closeness of a small college.
/m/01r7t9	Daniel Louis \"Danny\" Aiello, Jr. is an American actor who has appeared in numerous motion pictures, including Once Upon a Time in America, Ruby, The Godfather: Part II, Hudson Hawk, The Purple Rose of Cairo, Moonstruck, Léon: The Professional, Two Days in the Valley, and Dinner Rush. He had a pivotal role in the 1989 Spike Lee film Do the Right Thing as Salvatore \"Sal\" Frangione, the pizzeria owner, which earned him a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor. Aiello is also known for his role as Don Domenico Clericuzio in the miniseries, Mario Puzo's The Last Don.
/m/096f8	Show jumping, also known as \"stadium jumping\", \"open jumping\", or \"jumpers\", is a member of a family of English riding equestrian events that also includes dressage, eventing, hunters, and equitation. Jumping classes are commonly seen at horse shows throughout the world, including the Olympics. Sometimes shows are limited exclusively to jumpers, sometimes jumper classes are offered in conjunction with other English-style events, and sometimes show jumping is but one division of very large, all-breed competitions that include a very wide variety of disciplines. Jumping classes may be governed by various national horse show sanctioning organizations, such as the United States Equestrian Federation in the USA. International competitions are governed by the rules of the International Federation for Equestrian Sports.
/m/04n6k	The Library of Congress Classification is a system of library classification developed by the Library of Congress. It is used by most research and academic libraries in the U.S. and several other countries. Most public libraries and small academic libraries continue to use the older Dewey Decimal Classification.\nLCC should not be confused with LCCN, the system of Library of Congress Control Numbers assigned to all books, which also defines URLs of their online catalog entries, such as \"82006074\" and \"http://lccn.loc.gov/82006074\". The Classification is also distinct from Library of Congress Subject Headings, the system of labels such as \"Boarding schools\" and \"Boarding schools—Fiction\" that describe contents systematically. Finally, the classifications may be distinguished from the call numbers assigned to particular copies of books in the collection, such as \"PZ7.J684 Wj 1982 FT MEADE Copy 1\" where the classification is \"PZ7.J684 Wj 1982\".\nThe classification was invented by Herbert Putnam in 1897, just before he assumed the librarianship of Congress. With advice from Charles Ammi Cutter, it was influenced by his Cutter Expansive Classification and by the DDC, Dewey. It was designed specifically for the purposes and collection of the Library of Congress to replace the fixed location system developed by Thomas Jefferson. By the time Putnam departed from his post in 1939, all the classes except K and parts of B were well developed.
/m/0581vn8	District 9 is a 2009 science fiction film directed by Neill Blomkamp, released August 13, 2009. It takes place in Johannesburg, South Africa. District 9 is based on Alive in Joburg, a short film directed by Neill Blomkamp, Sharlto Copley, Simon Hansen and Shanon Worley. The title and plot elements are influenced by the real-life District 6 in Cape Town. Copley also portrayed one of the interviewed policemen. The short film is about aliens landing in South Africa and becoming confined to a specific area and forced to work.
/m/05jjl	Neil Simon is an American playwright and screenwriter. He has written over thirty plays and nearly the same number of movie screenplays, most adapted from his plays. He has received more Oscar and Tony nominations than any other writer.\nHe grew up in New York during the Great Depression, with his parents' financial hardships affecting their marriage, and giving him a mostly unhappy and unstable childhood. He often took refuge in movie theaters where he enjoyed watching the early comedians like Charlie Chaplin, which inspired him to become a comedy writer. After a few years in the Army Air Force Reserve after graduating high school, he began writing comedy scripts for radio and some popular early television shows. Among them were The Phil Silvers Show and Sid Caesar's Your Show of Shows in 1950, where he worked alongside other young writers including Carl Reiner, Mel Brooks and Selma Diamond.\nHe began writing his own plays beginning with Come Blow Your Horn, which took him three years to complete and ran for 678 performances on Broadway. It was followed by two more successful plays, Barefoot in the Park and The Odd Couple, for which he won a Tony Award, making him a national celebrity and \"the hottest new playwright on Broadway.\" His style ranged from romantic comedy to farce to more serious dramatic comedy. Overall, he has garnered seventeen Tony nominations and won three. During one season, he had four successful plays showing on Broadway at the same time, and in 1983 became the only living playwright to have a New York theatre, the Neil Simon Theatre, named in his honor. During the time between the 1960s, 70s, and 80s, he wrote both original screenplays and stage plays, with some films actually based on his plays.
/m/0bth54	Avatar is a 2009 American epic science fiction film written and directed by James Cameron, and starring Sam Worthington, Zoe Saldana, Stephen Lang, Michelle Rodriguez, Joel David Moore, Giovanni Ribisi and Sigourney Weaver. The film is set in the mid-22nd century, when humans are mining a precious mineral called unobtanium on Pandora, a lush moon of a gas giant in the Alpha Centauri star system. The expansion of the mining colony threatens the continued existence of a local tribe of Na'vi—a humanoid species indigenous to Pandora. The movie title refers to the genetically engineered Na'vi-human hybrid bodies used by a team of researchers to interact with the natives of Pandora. Development on Avatar began in 1994, when Cameron wrote an 80-page scriptment for the film. Filming was supposed to take place after the completion of Cameron's 1997 film Titanic, for a planned release in 1999, but according to Cameron, the necessary technology was not yet available to achieve his vision of the sight.
/m/01n9d9	Stanley Earl Kramer was an American film director and producer, responsible for making many of Hollywood's most famous \"message movies\", and becoming one of the nation's most respected filmmakers. As an independent producer and director, he brought attention to topical social issues that most studios avoided. Among the subjects covered in his films were racism, nuclear war, greed, creationism vs. evolution and the causes and effects of fascism.\nDespite the controversial subjects of his films, many of which received mixed reviews, the film industry recognized their importance and quality. His films received 16 Academy Awards and 80 nominations. He was nominated nine times as either producer or director.\nHis notable films include High Noon, The Caine Mutiny, The Defiant Ones, On the Beach, Inherit the Wind, Judgment at Nuremberg, It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World, Ship of Fools and Guess Who's Coming to Dinner. After a string of unsuccessful productions in the 1970s, he retired from films.\nDirector Steven Spielberg described him as an \"incredibly talented visionary,\" and \"one of our great filmmakers, not just for the art and passion he put on screen, but for the impact he has made on the conscience of the world.\" Kramer was recognized for his fierce independence as a producer-director, with author Victor Navasky writing that \"among the independents . . . none seemed more vocal, more liberal, more pugnacious than young Stanley Kramer.\" Kramer agreed: \"I tried to make movies that lasted about issues that would not go away.\"
/m/024_fw	The Grammy Award for Best Opera Recording has been awarded since 1961. The award was originally titled Best Classical Opera Production. The current title has been used since 1962.\nPrior to 1961 the awards for operatic and choral performances were combined in a single award for Best Classical Performance, Operatic or Choral.\nThe award goes to the conductor, the album producer and the principal soloists.\nYears reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were presented, for works released in the previous year.
/m/0g970	The Democratic Republic of Vietnam, generally known as North Vietnam, was a communist government founded in 1945, comprising most of North Vietnam from September 2, 1945 to December 18, 1946, controlling pockets of territory throughout the country until May 7, 1954, and governing territory north of the 17th parallel until 1976, when the government led by the Communist Party reunified with the Southern Provisional Government under Hanoi.\nAs an era of post-dynastic Vietnamese history, the republic was preceded by the Nguyen Dynasty and followed by the Socialist Republic of Vietnam. The state was proclaimed by Ho Chi Minh in Hanoi in 1945 after assuming power following the abdication of Emperor Bảo Đại a few days earlier, Later that year, the French reoccupied Hanoi and the First Indochina War followed. Bảo Đại became head of the Saigon government in 1949, which was then renamed the State of Vietnam. The DRV was re-established formally in the eyes of the West following the 1954 Geneva Conference at the end of the First Indochina War, when the country was partitioned at the 17th parallel. The DRV became the government of North Vietnam while the State of Vietnam retained control in the South.
/m/0bxfmk	Mali Finn, born Mary Alice Mann, also known as \"Mally Finn\", was an American Hollywood casting director and a former English and drama teacher. She started the careers of numerous celebrities, including Edward Furlong, Leonardo DiCaprio and Russell Crowe.
/m/0_xdd	Franklin is a city in and county seat of Williamson County, Tennessee, United States. It is a southern suburb of Nashville. As of the 2010 Census, the city had a total population of 62,487.
/m/01fsv9	Jackson State University is a historically black university in Jackson, Mississippi, United States. Founded in 1877 in Natchez, Mississippi as Natchez Seminary by the American Baptist Home Mission Society of New York, the Society moved the school to Jackson in 1882, renaming it Jackson College, and developed its present campus in 1902. It became a state-supported public institution in 1940, and it is a member of the Thurgood Marshall College Fund.
/m/0c1gj5	Salavat Yulaev is a professional ice hockey team based in Ufa in the Republic of Bashkortostan, a federal subject of the Russian Federation. They are members of the Chernyshev Division of the Kontinental Hockey League, and were part of Group C of the 2008–09 Champions Hockey League.
/m/04htfd	PepsiCo Inc. is an American multinational food and beverage corporation headquartered in Purchase, New York, United States, with interests in the manufacturing, marketing and distribution of grain-based snack foods, beverages, and other products. PepsiCo was formed in 1965 with the merger of the Pepsi-Cola Company and Frito-Lay, Inc. PepsiCo has since expanded from its namesake product Pepsi to a broader range of food and beverage brands, the largest of which include an acquisition of Tropicana in 1998 and a merger with Quaker Oats in 2001—which added the Gatorade brand to its portfolio.\nAs of January 22, 2012 PepsiCo's product lines generated retail sales of more than $1 billion each, and the company's products were distributed across more than 200 countries, resulting in annual net revenues of $43.3 billion. Based on net revenue, PepsiCo is the second largest food and beverage business in the world. Within North America, PepsiCo is ranked as the largest food and beverage business.\nIndra Krishnamurthy Nooyi has been the chief executive of PepsiCo since 2006, and the company employed approximately 278,000 people worldwide as of 2012. The company's beverage distribution and bottling is conducted by PepsiCo as well as by licensed bottlers in certain regions. PepsiCo is a SIC 2080 company.
/m/01s1zk	Wyclef Jeanelle Jean is a three-time Grammy Award-winning Haitian-American rapper, singer-songwriter, musician, record producer, and politician. At age nine, Jean moved to the USA with his family and has spent much of his life in the country. He first received fame as a member of the acclaimed New Jersey hip hop group the Fugees.\nOn August 5, 2010, Jean filed for candidacy in the 2010 Haitian presidential election, although the Electoral Commission subsequently ruled him ineligible to stand as he had not met the requirement to have been resident in Haiti for five years.\nJean's efforts at earthquake relief, highly publicized in 2010 throughout Haiti and the United States, were channeled through his charitable organization, Yéle Haiti. The charity, which performed a variety of charitable works in Haiti between 2005 and 2010, effectively closed in 2012 after much controversy.
/m/05b1062	Asit Sen was an Indian film director, cinematographer and screenwriter, who worked both in Bengali and Hindi cinema. He was born in Dhaka now in modern day Bangladesh when it was part of East Bengal in British India. He directed 17 feature films in Hindi and Bengali, most known for films, Deep Jweley Jai and Uttar Falguni in Bengali, Mamta, Khamoshi, Anokhi Raat and Safar in Hindi.
/m/041y2	Journalism is a method of inquiry and literary style that aims to provide a service to the public by the dissemination and analysis of news and other information. Journalistic integrity is based on the principles of truth, disclosure, and editorial independence. Journalistic mediums can vary diversely, from print publishing to electronic broadcasting, and from newspaper to television channels, as well as to the web, and to digital technology.\nIn modern society, the news media is the chief purveyor of information and opinion about public affairs. Journalism, however, is not always confined to the news media or to news itself, as journalistic communication may find its way into broader forms of expression, including literature and cinema. In some nations, the news media is still controlled by government intervention, and is not fully an independent body.\nIn a democratic society, however, access to free information plays a central role in creating a system of checks and balance, and in distributing power equally between governments, businesses, individuals, and other social entities. Access to verifiable information gathered by independent media sources, which adhere to journalistic standards, can also be of service to ordinary citizens, by empowering them with the tools they need in order to participate in the political process.
/m/014dd0	Dischord Records is a Washington, D.C.-based independent record label specializing in the independent punk music of the D.C.-area music scene. The label is co-owned by Ian MacKaye and Jeff Nelson, who founded Dischord in 1980 to release Minor Disturbance by The Teen Idles. The label is most notable for employing the do-it-yourself ethic, producing all of its albums by itself and selling them at discount prices without finance from major distributors. Dischord continues to release records by bands from Washington D.C., and to document and support the Washington D.C. music scene.\nDischord was a local label in the early days of hardcore, and is one of the more famous independent labels, along with the likes of Alternative Tentacles, SST Records, and Touch & Go Records. Early releases by Dischord were relatively well produced compared to other punk recordings of the time. Minor Threat's work is an example of these higher production values.
/m/0cj2w	Dudley Stuart John Moore, CBE was an English actor, comedian, musician and composer.\nMoore first came to prominence in the UK as one of the four writer-performers in the comedy revue Beyond the Fringe from 1960, and with one member of that team, Peter Cook, collaborated on the television series Not Only... But Also. The double act worked on other projects until the mid-1970s, by which time Moore had settled in Los Angeles to concentrate on his movie acting.\nHis solo career as a comedy film actor was heightened by the success of hit Hollywood films, particularly Foul Play, 10 and Arthur. He received an Oscar nomination for the latter role. He was frequently referred to in the media as \"Cuddly Dudley\" or \"The Sex Thimble\", a reference to both his short stature and his reputation as a \"ladies' man\".
/m/0bdjd	Forrest Gump is a 1994 American epic romantic comedy-drama film based on the 1986 novel of the same name by Winston Groom. The film was directed by Robert Zemeckis and starred Tom Hanks, Robin Wright, Gary Sinise and Sally Field. The story depicts several decades in the life of Forrest Gump, a naïve and slow-witted yet athletically prodigious native of Alabama who witnesses, and in some cases influences, some of the defining events of the latter half of the 20th century in the United States; more specifically, the period between Forrest's birth in 1944 and 1982.\nThe film differs substantially from Winston Groom's novel on which it is based, including Gump's personality and several events that were depicted. Filming took place in late 1993, mainly in Georgia, North Carolina, and South Carolina. Extensive visual effects were used to incorporate the protagonist into archived footage and to develop other scenes. A comprehensive soundtrack was featured in the film, using music intended to pinpoint specific time periods portrayed on screen. Its commercial release made it a top-selling soundtrack, selling over 12 million copies worldwide.\nReleased in the United States on July 6, 1994, Forrest Gump received critical acclaim and became a commercial success as the top grossing film in North America released that year, being the first major success for Paramount Pictures since the studio's sale to Viacom earlier in the year. The film earned over $677 million worldwide during its theatrical run. The film won the Academy Awards for Best Picture, Best Director for Robert Zemeckis, Best Actor for Tom Hanks, Best Adapted Screenplay, Best Visual Effects and Best Film Editing. It also garnered multiple other awards and nominations, including Golden Globe Awards, People's Choice Awards and Young Artist Awards, among others. Since the film's release, varying interpretations have been made of the film's protagonist and its political symbolism. In 1996, a themed restaurant, Bubba Gump Shrimp Company, opened based on the film, and has since expanded to multiple locations worldwide. The scene of Gump running across the country is often referred to when real-life people attempt the feat. In 2011, the Library of Congress selected Forrest Gump for preservation in the United States National Film Registry as being \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant\".
/m/0b90_r	Mexico, officially the United Mexican States, is a federal republic in North America. It is bordered on the north by the United States; on the south and west by the Pacific Ocean; on the southeast by Guatemala, Belize, and the Caribbean Sea; and on the east by the Gulf of Mexico. Covering almost two million square kilometres, Mexico is the fifth largest country in the Americas by total area and the 13th largest independent nation in the world. With an estimated population of over 113 million, it is the eleventh most populous and the most populous Spanish-speaking country in the world and the second most populous country in Latin America. Mexico is a federation comprising thirty-one states and a Federal District, the capital city.\nIn pre-Columbian Mexico many cultures matured into advanced civilizations such as the Olmec, the Toltec, the Teotihuacan, the Zapotec, the Maya and the Aztec before first contact with Europeans. In 1521, the Spanish Empire conquered and colonized the territory from its base in México Tenochtitlan, which was administered as the Viceroyalty of New Spain. This territory would eventually become Mexico following recognition of the colony's independence in 1821. The post-independence period was characterized by economic instability, the Mexican-American War that led to the territorial cession to the United States, the Pastry War, the Franco-Mexican War, a civil war, two empires and a domestic dictatorship. The latter led to the Mexican Revolution in 1910, which culminated with the promulgation of the 1917 Constitution and the emergence of the country's current political system. In March 1938, through the Mexican oil expropriation private U.S. and Anglo-Dutch oil companies were nationalized to create the state-owned Pemex oil company.
/m/015cz0	Tel Aviv University is a public university located in Ramat Aviv, Tel Aviv, Israel. With nearly 30,000 students, TAU is Israel's largest university.
/m/0xnvg	Italian Americans are an ethnolinguistic group of Americans of Italian ancestry. Italian Americans are the fourth largest European ethnic group in the United States.\nAbout 5.5 million Italians immigrated to the United States from 1820 to 2004. The greatest surge of immigration, which occurred in the period between 1880 and 1920, alone brought more than 4 million Italians to America. About 80% of the Italian immigrants came from Southern Italy, especially from Sicily, Campania, Abruzzo and Calabria. This was a largely agricultural and overpopulated region, where much of the populace had been impoverished by centuries of foreign misrule, and the economic measures imposed on the South after Italian unification in 1861. After unification, the Italian government initially encouraged emigration to relieve economic pressures in the South. After the American Civil War, which resulted in over a half million killed or wounded, immigrant workers were recruited from Italy and elsewhere to fill the labor shortage caused by the war. In the United States, most Italians began their new lives as manual laborers in Eastern cities, mining camps and in agriculture. Italian Americans gradually moved from the lower rungs of the economic scale in the first generation to a level comparable to the national average by 1970. By 1990, more than 65% of Italian Americans were managerial, professional, or white-collar workers. The Italian-American communities have often been characterized by strong ties with family, the Catholic Church, fraternal organizations and political parties. Today, over 17 million Americans claim Italian ancestry.
/m/01n5309	James Thomas \"Jimmy\" Fallon is an American television host, comedian, actor, singer, musician and producer. He currently hosts The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon, a late-night talk show that airs on NBC. Prior to that, he appeared in several films, and was best known as a cast member on Saturday Night Live from 1998 to 2004 and was the host of Late Night with Jimmy Fallon from 2009 to 2014. On April 3, 2013, NBC announced that Fallon would replace Jay Leno as host of The Tonight Show at the conclusion of the 2014 Winter Olympics. Fallon said it will be \"the same show\" as Late Night: \"I'm not going to change anything. It's more eyeballs watching, but it's the same show.\"
/m/0cz8mkh	Final Destination 5 is a 2011 American horror film written by Eric Heisserer and directed by Steven Quale. It is the fifth installment of the Final Destination franchise. It stars Nicholas D'Agosto, Emma Bell, Miles Fisher, Arlen Escarpeta, and David Koechner.\nThe film's world premiere was August 4, 2011 at the Fantasia Festival in Montréal, Canada. It was later on released in RealD 3D and digital IMAX 3D. This movie also received the best critical reception in the franchise.
/m/0196pc	A cartoonist is a visual artist who specializes in drawing cartoons. This work is often created for entertainment, political commentary or advertising. Cartoonists may work in many formats, such as animation, booklets, comic strips, comic books, editorial cartoons, graphic novels, manuals, gag cartoons, graphic design, illustrations, storyboards, posters, shirts, books, advertisements, greeting cards, magazines newspapers or video game packaging.
/m/070xg	The Seattle Seahawks are a professional American football franchise in the National Football League based in Seattle, Washington and the reigning Super Bowl champions. They are members of the NFC West division of the National Football Conference. The Seahawks joined the NFL in 1976 as an expansion team along with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. They were members of the NFC West in their first year, but swapped conferences with the Buccaneers, who spent their first season in the AFC West, the division the Seahawks would be moved to. The Seahawks would stay in the AFC West until the end of the 2001 season when the league realigned the divisions. The Seahawks are owned by Paul Allen, co-founder of Microsoft, and are currently coached by Pete Carroll. Since 2002 the Seahawks have played their home games at CenturyLink Field near downtown Seattle after previously playing home games in the Kingdome and Husky Stadium.\nThe Seahawks are the only NFL franchise located in the Pacific Northwest region of North America and thus attract support from a wide geographical area, including Oregon, Idaho, Montana, Wyoming, and Alaska, as well as Canadian fans in British Columbia and Alberta.
/m/0xgpv	Greenwood is a city in and the county seat of Leflore County, Mississippi, located at the eastern edge of the Mississippi Delta approximately 96 miles north of Jackson, Mississippi, and 130 miles south of Memphis, Tennessee. The population was 16,087 at the 2010 census. It is the principal city of the Greenwood Micropolitan Statistical Area. The Tallahatchie River and the Yalobusha River meet at Greenwood to form the Yazoo River. Throughout the 1960s Greenwood was the site of major protests and conflicts over racial integration and voting rights during the civil rights movement.
/m/01t4p0	Southport is a large seaside town in the Metropolitan Borough of Sefton in Merseyside, England. During the 2001 census Southport was recorded as having a population of 90,336, making it the eleventh most populous settlement in North West England. The endonym for people from Southport is \"Sandgrounder\".\nSouthport lies on the Irish Sea coast of North West England and is fringed to the north by the Ribble estuary. The town is situated 16.5 miles to the north of the city of Liverpool and 14.8 miles southwest of the city of Preston.\nHistorically a part of Lancashire, the town in its present form was founded in 1792 when William Sutton, an innkeeper from Churchtown, built a bathing house at what now is the south end of Lord Street, the town's main thoroughfare. At that time the area, known as South Hawes, was sparsely populated and was dominated by sand dunes. At the turn of the 19th century the area became popular with tourists due to the easy access from the nearby Leeds and Liverpool Canal and the town quickly grew. The rapid growth of Southport largely coincided with the Industrial Revolution and the Victorian era. Town attractions include Southport Pier with its Southport Pier Tramway, the second longest seaside pleasure pier in the British Isles and Lord Street, an elegant tree-lined shopping street, once home of Napoleon III of France.
/m/01f36w	Blood plasma is the pale-yellow liquid component of blood that normally holds the blood cells in whole blood in suspension. It makes up about 55% of the body's total blood volume. It is the intravascular fluid part of extracellular fluid. It is mostly water, and contains dissolved proteins, glucose, clotting factors, electrolytes, hormones and carbon dioxide. Plasma also serves as the protein reserve of the human body. It plays a vital role in an intravascular osmotic effect that keeps electrolytes in balanced form and protects the body from infection and other blood disorders.\nBlood plasma is prepared by spinning a tube of fresh blood containing an anticoagulant in a centrifuge until the blood cells fall to the bottom of the tube. The blood plasma is then poured or drawn off. Blood plasma has a density of approximately 1025 kg/m³, or 1.025 g/ml.\nBlood serum is blood plasma without clotting factors. Plasmapheresis is a medical therapy that involves blood plasma extraction, treatment, and reintegration.
/m/01c3bz	In computer science, imperative programming is a programming paradigm that describes computation in terms of statements that change a program state. In much the same way that imperative mood in natural languages expresses commands to take action, imperative programs define sequences of commands for the computer to perform.\nThe term is used in opposition to declarative programming, which expresses what the program should accomplish without prescribing how to do it in terms of sequences of actions to be taken. Functional and logic programming are examples of a more declarative approach.
/m/04fv0k	Marriott International, Inc. is an American diversified hospitality company that manages and franchises a broad portfolio of hotels and related lodging facilities. Founded by J. Willard Marriott, the company is now led by President and Chief Executive Officer Arne Sorenson. Today, Marriott International has more than 3,800 properties in over 74 countries and territories around the world.
/m/0cqcgj	Prithviraj Sukumaran is a film producer.
/m/026t6	The drum is a member of the percussion group of musical instruments. In the Hornbostel-Sachs classification system, it is a membranophone. Drums consist of at least one membrane, called a drumhead or drum skin, that is stretched over a shell and struck, either directly with the player's hands, or with a drum stick, to produce sound. There is usually a resonance head on the underside of the drum, typically tuned to a slightly lower pitch than the top drumhead. Other techniques have been used to cause drums to make sound, such as the thumb roll. Drums are the world's oldest and most ubiquitous musical instruments, and the basic design has remained virtually unchanged for thousands of years.\nDrums may be played individually, with the player using a single drum, and some drums such as the djembe are almost always played in this way. Others are normally played in a set of two or more, all played by the one player, such as bongo drums and timpani. A number of different drums together with cymbals form the basic modern drum kit.
/m/0blst_	The Royal Gold Medal for architecture is awarded annually by the Royal Institute of British Architects on behalf of the British monarch, in recognition of an individual's or group's substantial contribution to international architecture. It is given for a distinguished body of work rather than for one building, and is therefore not awarded for merely being currently fashionable.\nThe medal was first awarded in 1848 to Charles Robert Cockerell, and its winners include some of the most influential architects of the 19th and 20th centuries, including Eugène Viollet-le-Duc, Frank Lloyd Wright, Le Corbusier, Walter Gropius, Ludwig Mies van der Rohe and Buckminster Fuller. Already with the second recipient, the Italian Luigi Canina in 1849, the award went international.\nNot all recipients were architects. Also recognised were Engineers like Ove Arup and Peter Rice who undoubtedly played an outstanding role in the realisation of some of the 20th century's key buildings all over the world. Repeatedly, the prize was awarded to influential writers on architecture, including scholars like the Rev Robert Willis, Sir Nikolaus Pevsner and Sir John Summerson as well as theoreticians like Lewis Mumford and Colin Rowe. It honoured archaeologists like Sir Austen Henry Layard, Karl Richard Lepsius, Melchior de Vogüé, Heinrich Schliemann, Rodolfo Lanciani and Sir Arthur Evans, and painters like Lord Leighton and Sir Lawrence Alma-Tadema. Another notable exception was the 1999 award to the city of Barcelona.
/m/07_lq	Vegetarian cuisine refers to food that meets vegetarian standards by not including meat and animal tissue products. For lacto-ovo vegetarianism, eggs and dairy products such as milk and cheese are permitted. For lacto vegetarianism, the earliest known type of vegetarianism, dairy products such as milk and cheese are permitted. The strictest forms of vegetarianism are veganism and fruitarianism, which exclude all animal products, including dairy products as well as honey, and even some refined sugars if filtered and whitened with bone char.\nVegetarian foods can be classified into several different types:\nTraditional foods that have always been vegetarian\nSoy products including tofu and tempeh which are common protein sources\nTextured vegetable protein, made from defatted soy flour, often included in chili and burger recipes in place of ground meat\nMeat analogues, which mimic the taste, texture, and appearance of meat and are often used in recipes that traditionally contained meat.\nVegans may also use analogues for eggs and dairy products
/m/028sdw	Real estate development, or property development, is a multifaceted business, encompassing activities that range from the renovation and re-lease of existing buildings to the purchase of raw land and the sale of improved land or parcels to others. Developers are the coordinators of the activities, converting ideas on paper into real property. Real estate development is different from construction, although many developers also construct. Developer Louis Lesser drew the distinction in a 1963 New York Times article, \"Developing is the key word. 'We don't build ourselves', Mr. Lesser stresses. 'We buy the land, finance the deal, and then we have the best builders build under bond at a fixed cost.'\"\nDevelopers buy land, finance real estate deals, build or have builders build projects, create, imagine, control and orchestrate the process of development from the beginning to end. Developers usually take the greatest risk in the creation or renovation of real estate—and receive the greatest rewards. Typically, developers purchase a tract of land, determine the marketing of the property, develop the building program and design, obtain the necessary public approval and financing, build the structure, and lease, manage, and ultimately sell it. Developers work with many different counterparts along each step of this process, including architects, city planners, engineers, surveyors, inspectors, contractors, leasing agents and more. In the Town and Country Planning context of the UK, 'development' is defined in the Town and Country Planning Act 1990 s55.
/m/0kq08	Butte County is a county located in the Central Valley of the US state of California, north of the state capital of Sacramento. As of the 2010 census, it had a population of 220,000. The county seat is Oroville. Butte County is the \"Land of Natural Wealth and Beauty.\"\nButte County is watered by the Feather River and the Sacramento River. Butte Creek and Big Chico Creek are additional perennial streams, both tributary to the Sacramento. The county is the home of California State University, Chico and of Butte Community College.\nThere are four major hospitals and the State of California defines Butte County as being inside Health Service Area 1. A special district, the Butte County Air Quality Management District, regulates airborne pollutant emissions in the county. It does this following regional regulations, state, and federal laws. For example, in recent years, the agency changed rules that used to allow residents to burn household trash outdoors.
/m/0g39h	Queensland is the second-largest and third-most populous state in Australia. Situated in the north-east of the country, it is bordered by the Northern Territory, South Australia and New South Wales to the west, south-west and south respectively. To the east, Queensland is bordered by the Coral Sea and Pacific Ocean. Queensland has a population of 4,560,059, concentrated along the coast and particularly in the state's South East. The state is the world's sixth largest sub-national entity, with an area of 1,852,642 km². The capital and largest city in the state is Brisbane, Australia's third largest city. Referred to as the 'Sunshine State', Queensland is home to 10 of Australia's 30 largest cities and is the nation's third largest economy.\nQueensland was first occupied by Australian Aboriginals and Torres Strait Islanders, who arrived at least 60,000 years ago. The first European to land in Queensland was Dutch navigator Willem Janszoon in 1606, who explored the west coast of the Cape York Peninsula near present-day Weipa. In 1770, Lieutenant James Cook claimed the east coast of Australia for the Kingdom of Great Britain. The colony of New South Wales was founded in 1788 by Governor Arthur Phillip at Sydney; New South Wales at that time included all of what is now Queensland, Victoria and Tasmania. Queensland was explored in subsequent decades until the establishment of a penal colony at Brisbane in 1824 by John Oxley. Penal transportation ceased in 1839 and free settlement permitted in 1842.
/m/03rbzn	Racewalking, or race walking, is a long-distance athletic event. Although it is a foot race, it is different from running in that one foot must appear to be in contact with the ground at all times. Stride length is reduced, so to achieve competitive speeds, racewalkers must attain cadence rates comparable to those achieved by Olympic 800-meter runners—and they must do so for hours at a time since the Olympic events are the 20 km race walk and 50 km race walk, and 50 mile events are also held.
/m/0b6yp2	Marco Edward Beltrami is an American film composer best known for his work scoring horror films such as Mimic, The Faculty, Resident Evil, Don't Be Afraid of the Dark, The Woman in Black. A long-time friend and collaborator of Wes Craven, Beltrami has scored seven of the director's films including all four films in the Scream franchise. Beltrami has been nominated for two Academy Awards and won a Satellite Award for Best Original Score for Soul Surfer.
/m/04v7k2	Joseph Vijay Chandrasekhar is an Indian actor, playback singer and producer, who works in the Tamil film industry. Son of film director and producer S. A. Chandrasekhar, he started his career as a child actor and later made his debut as a lead actor in the 1992 film Naalaya Theerpu.\nHe launched the Vijay Makkal Iyakkam, a social welfare organisation in 2009.
/m/033_1p	Beverly Heather D'Angelo is an American actress and singer, best known for her role as Ellen Griswold in the National Lampoon's Vacation franchise. D'Angelo received critical acclaim for her performances as Patsy Cline in Coal Miner's Daughter, and as Doris Vinyard in American History X. She has also performed in Broadway theatre, starred in a number of television films, and had roles in over 50 movies.
/m/07l8x	The Texas Rangers are a professional baseball team located in the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex, based in Arlington, Texas. The Rangers franchise is currently a member of the Western Division of Major League Baseball's American League. Since 1994, the Rangers have played in Globe Life Park in Arlington in Arlington, Texas. The team's name is borrowed from the famous law enforcement agency of the same name.\nThe franchise was established in 1961 as the Washington Senators, an expansion team awarded to Washington, D.C., after the city's first ballclub, the original Washington Senators, moved to Minnesota and became the Twins. After the 1971 season, the new Senators moved to Arlington, Texas, and debuted as the Rangers the following spring.\nThe Texas Rangers Baseball Club has made six appearances in the MLB postseason, five following division championships in 1996, 1998, 1999, 2010, and 2011, and as a Wild Card team in 2012. In 2010, the Rangers advanced past the Division Series for the first time, defeating the Tampa Bay Rays. Texas then brought home their first American League Pennant after beating the New York Yankees in six games. In the 2010 World Series, the franchise's first, the Rangers fell to the San Francisco Giants in five games. Their lone victory made them the first Texas team to win a World Series game, as the Houston Astros were swept in their 2005 World Series appearance. They repeated as American League champions the following year, then lost the 2011 World Series to the St. Louis Cardinals in seven games.
/m/04_by	Mary Shelley was an English novelist, short story writer, dramatist, essayist, biographer, and travel writer, best known for her Gothic novel Frankenstein: or, The Modern Prometheus. She also edited and promoted the works of her husband, the Romantic poet and philosopher Percy Bysshe Shelley. Her father was the political philosopher William Godwin, and her mother was the philosopher and feminist Mary Wollstonecraft.\nMary Godwin's mother died when she was eleven days old; afterwards, she and her older half-sister, Fanny Imlay, were raised by her father. When Mary was four, Godwin married his neighbour, Mary Jane Clairmont. Godwin provided his daughter with a rich, if informal, education, encouraging her to adhere to his liberal political theories. In 1814, Mary Godwin began a romantic relationship with one of her father’s political followers, the married Percy Bysshe Shelley. Together with Mary's stepsister, Claire Clairmont, they left for France and travelled through Europe; upon their return to England, Mary was pregnant with Percy's child. Over the next two years, she and Percy faced ostracism, constant debt, and the death of their prematurely born daughter. They married in late 1816 after the suicide of Percy Shelley's first wife, Harriet.
/m/05zksls	The 67th Golden Globe Awards was telecasted live from the Beverly Hilton Hotel in Beverly Hills, California on Sunday, January 17, 2010 by NBC, from 5:00 PM – 8:00 PM and 8:00PM – 11:00 PM. The ceremonies were hosted by Ricky Gervais, and were broadcast live for the first time.\nNominations were announced on December 15, 2009. Among films, Up in the Air led with six nominations, followed by Nine with five and Avatar and Inglourious Basterds with four each. Matt Damon, Sandra Bullock, Meryl Streep, and Anna Paquin were each nominated twice; Damon as Best Actor - Comedy and Best Supporting Actor - Motion Picture; Bullock as Best Actress in both the Comedy and Drama categories; Streep competing against herself as Best Actress in the Comedy category; and Paquin as Best Actress – TV Series Drama and as Best Actress – Miniseries or TV Film. Television programs receiving multiple nominations include Glee, Dexter, Damages, Mad Men, House, and 30 Rock.\nAvatar, Up and Crazy Heart were the leading movies, with each winning two awards. Avatar won awards for Best Motion Picture – Drama and Best Director; Up for Best Animated Feature Film and Best Original Score; and Crazy Heart for Best Actor – Drama and Best Original Song.
/m/0520y3	FC Torpedo Moscow is a football club, based in Moscow, Russia. The club was founded in 1924. On 19 March 2009, it was denied membership of the Professional Football League and did not play in the professional competitions in 2009. On 3 April 2009, representatives of the new owner of FC Torpedo Moscow, ZiL, appealed that decision. As the deadline for 2009 registration passed, FC Torpedo Moscow was not reinstated in the Second Division and Torpedo-ZIL remained the only professional Torpedo for 2009. Torpedo Moscow won the Moscow Region of Amateur Football League in 2009. On 22 December 2009, Torpedo passed licensing and played in the Russian Second Division in 2010. They beat Gubkin 1–0 at home on 30 October 2010, and became champions of Zone Center of Second Division in the 2010 season. This meant Torpedo was promoted to Russian First Division after three seasons with making two successive promotions.
/m/0ggyr	Como is a city and comune in Lombardy, Italy. It is the administrative capital of the Province of Como.\nIts proximity to Lake Como and to the Alps has made Como a popular tourist destination and the city contains numerous works of art, churches, gardens, museums, theatres, parks and palaces: the Duomo, the Basilica of Sant'Abbondio, the Villa Olmo, the public gardens with the Tempio Voltiano, the Teatro Sociale, the Broletto and the 20th century Casa del Fascio. With 213,996 arrivals, Como is the third most visited city in Lombardy after Milan and Bergamo.\nComo was the birthplace of many historically notable figures, including the poet Caecilius who is mentioned by Catullus in the 1st century BCE, the far more substantial literary figures of Pliny the Elder and the Younger, Pope Innocent XI, the scientist Alessandro Volta, and Cosima Liszt, second wife of Richard Wagner and long-term director of the Bayreuth Festival.
/m/038csl	Los Angeles Unified School District is the largest public school system in the U.S. state of California. It is the 2nd largest public school district in the United States. Only the New York City Department of Education has a larger student population. During the 2007–2008 school year, LAUSD served 694,288 students, and had 45,473 teachers and 38,494 other employees. It is the second largest employer in Los Angeles County, after the county government. The total school district operating budget for 2012–2013 is $6.78 billion. In enrollment breakdown by ethnic group, 72.3% of its students were some form of Hispanic and 10.1% of the student population is White American. 9.6% of its students are African American, while Asian American students comprise 4%; students of Filipino origin form 2.1% of the student population. Native Americans and Pacific Islanders together are less than 1%.\nThe school district consists of Los Angeles and all or portions of several adjoining Southern California cities. LAUSD has its own police force, the Los Angeles School Police Department, which was established in 1948 to provide police services for LAUSD schools. The LAUSD enrolls a third of the preschoolers in Los Angeles County, and operates almost as many buses as the Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority. The LAUSD school construction program rivals the Big Dig in terms of expenditures, and LAUSD cafeterias serve about 500,000 meals a day, rivaling the output of local McDonald's restaurants.
/m/06ywtl	Biomedical research, in general simply known as medical research which is the basic research, applied research, or translational research conducted to aid and support the development body of knowledge in the field of medicine. Medical research can be divided into two general categories: the evaluation of new treatments for both safety and efficacy in what are termed clinical trials, and all other research that contributes to the development of new treatments. The latter is termed preclinical research if its goal is specifically to elaborate knowledge for the development of new therapeutic strategies. A new paradigm to biomedical research is being termed translational research, which focuses on iterative feedback loops between the basic and clinical research domains to accelerate knowledge translation from the bedside to the bench, and back again. Medical research may involve doing research on public health, biochemistry, clinical research, microbiology, physiology, oncology, surgery and research on many other non-communicable diseases such as diabetes and cardiovascular diseases.\nThe increased longevity of humans over the past century can be significantly attributed to advances resulting from medical research. Among the major benefits have been vaccines for measles and polio, insulin treatment for diabetes, classes of antibiotics for treating a host of maladies, medication for high blood pressure, improved treatments for AIDS, statins and other treatments for atherosclerosis, new surgical techniques such as microsurgery, and increasingly successful treatments for cancer. New, beneficial tests and treatments are expected as a result of the Human Genome Project. Many challenges remain, however, including the appearance of antibiotic resistance and the obesity epidemic.
/m/013p59	Merseyside is a metropolitan county in North West England, with a population of 1.38 million. It encompasses the metropolitan area centred on both banks of the lower reaches of the Mersey Estuary, and comprises five metropolitan boroughs: Knowsley, St Helens, Sefton, Wirral, and the city of Liverpool. Merseyside, which was created on 1 April 1974 as a result of the Local Government Act 1972, takes its name from the River Mersey.\nMerseyside spans 249 square miles of land which border Lancashire, Greater Manchester, and Cheshire; the Irish Sea is to the west. North Wales is across the Dee Estuary. There is a mix of high density urban areas, suburbs, semi-rural and rural locations in Merseyside, but overwhelmingly the land use is urban. It has a focused central business district, formed by Liverpool City Centre, but Merseyside is also a polycentric county with five metropolitan districts, each of which has at least one major town centre and outlying suburbs. The Liverpool Urban Area is the fifth most populous conurbation in England, and dominates the geographic centre of the county, while the smaller Birkenhead Urban Area dominates the Wirral Peninsula in the south.
/m/06cn5	Riga is the capital and largest city of Latvia. With 693,064 inhabitants, Riga is the largest city of the Baltic states and home to more than one third of Latvia's population. The city is an important seaport and a major industrial, commercial, cultural and financial centre of the Baltic Sea region. The city lies on the Gulf of Riga, at the mouth of the Daugava. Riga's territory covers 307.17 km² and lies between 1 and 10 metres above sea level, on a flat and sandy plain.\nRiga was founded in 1201 and is a former Hanseatic League member. Riga's historical centre is a UNESCO World Heritage Site, noted for its Art Nouveau/Jugendstil architecture and 19th century wooden architecture. The city is the European Capital of Culture during 2014, along with Umeå in Sweden. The city hosted the 2006 NATO Summit, the Eurovision Song Contest 2003 and the 2006 IIHF Men's World Ice Hockey Championships. It is home to the European Union's office of European Regulators for Electronic Communications. Riga is served by Riga International Airport, the largest airport in the Baltic states.\nRiga is a member of Eurocities, the Union of the Baltic Cities and Union of Capitals of the European Union.
/m/0brkwj	Drew Goddard is an American film and television screenwriter, director, and producer. He made his feature film directorial debut with the 2012 dark comedy horror-thriller, The Cabin in the Woods.
/m/056_y	Madrid is the capital of Spain and its largest city. The population of the city is roughly 3.3 million and the entire population of the Madrid metropolitan area is calculated to be around 6.5 million. It is the third-largest city in the European Union, after London and Berlin, and its metropolitan area is the third-largest in the European Union after London and Paris. The city spans a total of 604.3 km².\nThe city is located on the Manzanares river in the centre of both the country and the Community of Madrid; this community is bordered by the autonomous communities of Castile and León and Castile-La Mancha. As the capital city of Spain, seat of government, and residence of the Spanish monarch, Madrid is also the political, economic and cultural centre of Spain. The current mayor is Ana Botella from the People's Party.\nThe Madrid urban agglomeration has the third-largest GDP in the European Union and its influences in politics, education, entertainment, environment, media, fashion, science, culture, and the arts all contribute to its status as one of the world's major global cities. Due to its economic output, high standard of living, and market size, Madrid is considered the major financial centre of Southern Europe and the Iberian Peninsula; it hosts the head offices of the vast majority of the major Spanish companies, such as Telefónica, Iberia or Repsol. Madrid is the 10th most livable city in the world according to Monocle magazine, in its 2010 index.
/m/05p8bf9	The Portland Timbers are an American professional soccer club based in Portland, Oregon that competes in Major League Soccer. The Timbers are the 18th club of Major League Soccer, and replace the USL First Division's team of the same name, while retaining the same ownership. The MLS club is the fourth Portland team to share the legacy of the Timbers name, which first originated in the old North American Soccer League in 1975.
/m/0d8s8	Groningen is the main municipality as well as the capital city of the eponymous province in the Netherlands. With a population of 198,355, it is the largest city in the north of the Netherlands. An ancient city, Groningen was the regional power of the northern Netherlands, a semi-independent city-state and member of the German Hanseatic League. Groningen is a university city: the University of Groningen and Hanze University of Applied Sciences.
/m/02ps55	The University of Hull is a public university, founded in 1927, located in Kingston upon Hull, a city in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England. Though classed as a \"redbrick university\", its expansion in recent decades has seen the addition of a variety of building styles from the traditional main buildings, 1960s teaching blocks to modern additions.\nThe main university campus is located in Hull and there is a smaller campus in Scarborough on the North Yorkshire coast. It is a partner in the proposed University Centre of Grimsby Institute of Further and Higher Education in North East Lincolnshire. The main campus is home to the Hull York Medical School, a joint initiative with the University of York. Students are served by Hull University Union.\nThe University's Brynmor Jones Library was the workplace of the poet Philip Larkin who served as its Head Librarian for over thirty years. The Philip Larkin Society organises activities in remembrance of Larkin including the Larkin 25 festival which was organised during 2010 in partnership with the University. The Library was also the workplace of former poet laureate Andrew Motion and the late film director Anthony Minghella. Lord Wilberforce was chancellor of the University from 1978 until 1994. Robert Armstrong was the chancellor from 1994 to 2006. Virginia Bottomley was installed as the current chancellor in April 2006.
/m/03lt8g	Eva Jacqueline Longoria is an American television and film actress. She has received two Screen Actors Guild Awards and was nominated for a Golden Globe Award. Longoria promotes humanitarian causes and was named Philanthropist of the year.\nLongoria is known for her roles as Isabella Braña on the CBS soap opera The Young and the Restless from 2001 to 2003, and as Gabrielle Solis on the ABC television series Desperate Housewives. For her work on Desperate Housewives, she received a Golden Globe Award nomination. She has also starred in films such as Harsh Times, The Sentinel, and Over Her Dead Body.
/m/01r5xw	Real Valladolid Club de Fútbol, S.A.D., or simply Real Valladolid, is a Spanish football club based in Valladolid, in the autonomous community of Castile and León, from where the nickname Pucela is derived.\nFounded on 20 June 1928, it plays in La Liga, holding home games at Estadio Nuevo José Zorrilla, which seats 26,512 spectators. It currently ranks 14th on the All-Time La Liga table.
/m/0kq0q	Calaveras County, officially the County of Calaveras, is a county located in the Gold Country of the U.S. state of California. Calaveras is the Spanish word for skulls; the county was reportedly named for the remains of Native Americans discovered by the Spanish explorer Captain Gabriel Moraga. As of the 2010 census, the county had a population of 45,578. The county seat is San Andreas. Angels Camp is the only incorporated city.\nCalaveras Big Trees State Park, a preserve of Giant Sequoia trees, is located in the county several miles east of the town of Arnold on State Highway 4. The uncommon gold telluride mineral calaverite was discovered in the county in 1861 and is named for it.\nMark Twain set his story, \"The Celebrated Jumping Frog of Calaveras County\", in the county. Each year, the county hosts a fair and Jumping Frog Jubilee, featuring a frog-jumping contest, to celebrate the association with Twain's story. The California red-legged frog, feared extinct in the county by 1969, was rediscovered in 2003.
/m/03j5zb	A wind farm or wind park is a group of wind turbines in the same location used to produce energy. A large wind farm may consist of several hundred individual wind turbines and cover an extended area of hundreds of square miles, but the land between the turbines may be used for agricultural or other purposes. A wind farm can also be located offshore.\nMany of the largest operational onshore wind farms are located in the United States and China. For example, the Gansu Wind Farm in China has a capacity of over 5,000 MW of power with a goal of 20,000 MW by 2020. The Alta Wind Energy Center in California, United States is the largest onshore wind farm outside of China, with a capacity of 1,020 MW. As of April 2013, the 1,000 MW London Array in the UK is the largest offshore wind farm in the world, followed by the 504 MW Greater Gabbard wind farm in the UK.\nThere are many large wind farms under construction and these include Sinus Holding Wind Farm, Lincs Wind Farm, Lower Snake River Wind Project, Macarthur Wind Farm.
/m/0ljl8	The American Kennel Club is a registry of purebred dog pedigrees in the United States. Beyond maintaining its pedigree registry, this kennel club also promotes and sanctions events for purebred dogs, including the Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show, an annual event which predates the official forming of the AKC, the National Dog Show, and the AKC/Eukanuba National Championship. Unlike most other countries' kennels clubs, the AKC is not part of the Fédération Cynologique Internationale.
/m/0dh53	Literary criticism is the study, evaluation, and interpretation of literature. Modern literary criticism is often informed by literary theory, which is the philosophical discussion of its methods and goals. Though the two activities are closely related, literary critics are not always, and have not always been, theorists.\nWhether or not literary criticism should be considered a separate field of inquiry from literary theory, or conversely from book reviewing, is a matter of some controversy. For example, the Johns Hopkins Guide to Literary Theory and Criticism draws no distinction between literary theory and literary criticism, and almost always uses the terms together to describe the same concept. Some critics consider literary criticism a practical application of literary theory, because criticism always deals directly with particular literary works, while theory may be more general or abstract.\nLiterary criticism is often published in essay or book form. Academic literary critics teach in literature departments and publish in academic journals, and more popular critics publish their criticism in broadly circulating periodicals such as the Times Literary Supplement, the New York Times Book Review, the New York Review of Books, the London Review of Books, The Nation, and The New Yorker.
/m/07_l6	The viola is a bowed string instrument. It is slightly larger than a violin in size and has a deeper sound. Since the 18th century it has been the middle voice of the violin family, between the violin and the cello.
/m/0dh1n_	Mitchell Leisen was an American director, art director, and costume designer.
/m/0906w9	PFC Spartak Nalchik is a Russian association football club based in Nalchik. Spartak has played in Russian Premier League since 2006 until 2012.
/m/07sbbz2	Rock and roll is a genre of popular music that originated and evolved in the United States during the late 1940s and early 1950s, primarily from a combination of African-American genres such as blues, jump blues, jazz, and gospel music, together with Western swing and country music. Though elements of rock and roll can be heard in blues records from the 1920s and in country records of the 1930s, the genre did not acquire its name until the 1950s.\nThe term \"rock and roll\" now has at least two different meanings, both in common usage: referring to the first wave of music that originated in the US in the 1950s and would later develop into the more encompassing international style known as \"rock music\", and as a term simply synonymous with the rock music and culture in the broad sense. For the purpose of differentiation, this article deals with the first definition.\nIn the earliest rock and roll styles of the late 1940s and early 1950s, either the piano or saxophone was often the lead instrument, but these were generally replaced or supplemented by guitar in the middle to late 1950s. The beat is essentially a blues rhythm with an accentuated backbeat, the latter almost always provided by a snare drum. Classic rock and roll is usually played with one or two electric guitars, a string bass or an electric bass guitar, and a drum kit. Beyond simply a musical style, rock and roll, as seen in movies and on television, influenced lifestyles, fashion, attitudes, and language. It went on to spawn various sub-genres, often without the initially characteristic backbeat, that are now more commonly called simply \"rock music\" or \"rock\".
/m/033kqb	Gateshead Football Club is an English professional association football club based in Gateshead, Tyne and Wear. The club participates in the Conference Premier, the fifth level of English football.\nGary Mills is the current manager, taking over from Anth Smith who resigned in August 2013.
/m/06y_n	South Park is an American adult animated sitcom created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone for the Comedy Central television network. Intended for mature audiences, the show has become famous for its crude language and dark, surreal humor that satirizes a wide range of topics. The ongoing narrative revolves around four boys—Stan Marsh, Kyle Broflovski, Eric Cartman, and Kenny McCormick—and their bizarre adventures in and around the titular Colorado town.\nParker and Stone developed the show from two animated shorts they created in 1992 and 1995. The latter became one of the first Internet viral videos, which ultimately led to its production as a series. South Park debuted in August 1997 with great success, consistently earning the highest ratings of any basic cable program. Subsequent ratings have varied but it remains one of Comedy Central's highest rated shows, and is slated to air through at least 2016. The pilot episode was produced using cutout animation. All subsequent episodes are created with software that emulates the cutout technique. Parker and Stone perform most of the voice acting. Since 2000, each episode is typically written and produced during the week preceding its broadcast, with Parker serving as the primary writer and director. There have been a total of 247 episodes over the course of the show's 17 seasons.
/m/0r5wt	Redwood City is a California charter city located on the San Francisco Peninsula in Northern California, approximately 27 miles south of San Francisco, and 24 mi north of San Jose. Redwood City's history spans from its earliest inhabitation by the Ohlone people, to its tradition as a port for lumber and other goods, to its place as the county seat of San Mateo County. Today the city is known as the home of several technology companies such as Oracle and Electronic Arts. As of the 2010 census, the city had a total population of 76,815. The Port of Redwood City is the only deepwater port on San Francisco Bay south of San Francisco.
/m/065mm1	Edie McClurg is an American character actress. She is known for her perky North Central dialect, common to persons from Middle America. She has performed in nearly 90 movies and 55 TV episodes.
/m/01wg3q	Allan Holdsworth is an English guitarist and composer. He has released twelve studio albums as a solo artist and played a variety of musical styles spanning a period of more than four decades, but is best known for his work in jazz fusion.\nHoldsworth is noted for his advanced knowledge of music, through which he incorporates a vast array of complex chord progressions and intricate solos; the latter comprising myriad scale forms derived from those such as the diminished, augmented, whole tone, chromatic and altered scales, among others, resulting in an unpredictable and \"off\" sound. His unique legato soloing technique stems from his desire to originally play the saxophone, but having been unable to afford one he thus intentionally utilised the guitar in order to make it sound like a different instrument. He has also become associated with playing an early form of guitar synthesizer called the SynthAxe, a company which he endorsed in the 1980s.\nHoldsworth has been cited as an influence by such renowned rock and instrumental guitarists as Eddie Van Halen, Joe Satriani, Greg Howe, Shawn Lane, Richie Kotzen, John Petrucci, Alex Lifeson and Yngwie Malmsteen. Frank Zappa once lauded him as \"one of the most interesting guys on guitar on the planet\".
/m/01mhwk	The 38th Annual Grammy Awards were held on February 28, 1996 at Shrine Auditorium, Los Angeles. The awards recognized accomplishments by musicians from the previous year. Alanis Morissette was the main recipient, being awarded four trophies, including Album of the Year.
/m/01skqzw	The United States Marine Corps is a branch of the United States Armed Forces responsible for providing power projection from the sea, using the mobility of the United States Navy to rapidly deliver combined-arms task forces. It is one of seven uniformed services of the United States. Created in 1775, the Marine Corps has been a component of the United States Department of the Navy since 1834, working closely with naval forces for training, transportation, and logistics.\nCaptain Samuel Nicholas formed two battalions of Continental Marines on 10 November 1775, in Philadelphia as naval infantry. Since then, the mission of the Marine Corps has evolved with changing military doctrine and American foreign policy. The Marine Corps has served in every American armed conflict and attained prominence in the 20th century when its theories and practices of amphibious warfare proved prescient and ultimately formed the cornerstone of the Pacific campaign of World War II. By the mid-20th century, the Marine Corps had become a major theorist and the dominant practitioner of amphibious warfare. Its ability to rapidly respond on short notice to expeditionary crises gives it a strong role in the implementation and execution of American foreign policy.
/m/049dzz	Hertha Berliner Sport-Club von 1892, commonly known as Hertha BSC or Hertha Berlin, is a German association football club based in Berlin. Hertha BSC was founded in 1892. A founding member of the German Football Association in Leipzig in 1900. Hertha BSC play in the Bundesliga, the top-tier division of German football, after finishing at the top of the 2. Bundesliga table at the end of the 2012–13 season. Hertha BSC have won the German championship in 1930 and 1931. Since 1963, Hertha BSC's stadium is the Olympiastadion.
/m/08h79x	Thelma Colbert Schoonmaker is an American film editor who has worked with director Martin Scorsese for over forty years. She has edited all of Scorsese's films since Raging Bull, first working with Scorsese in his debut feature film Who's That Knocking at My Door. Schoonmaker has received seven Academy Award nominations for best editing, and has won three times.\nSchoonmaker was married to film director Michael Powell from May 19, 1984 until his death in 1990. Since his death, Schoonmaker has been dedicated to preserving the films and honoring the legacy of her husband, who directed many classic films, including The Red Shoes. She was introduced to Michael Powell by Martin Scorsese and London based film producer Frixos Constantine.
/m/05sxr_	Tarzan is a 1999 American animated adventure film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures. The 37th film in the Walt Disney Animated Classics, it is based on the story Tarzan of the Apes by Edgar Rice Burroughs, and is the only major motion picture version of the story Tarzan property to be animated. Directed by Chris Buck and Kevin Lima with a screenplay by Tab Murphy, Bob Tzudiker, and Noni White, Tarzan features the voices of Tony Goldwyn, Minnie Driver, Glenn Close, and Rosie O'Donnell with Brian Blessed, Lance Henriksen, Wayne Knight, and Nigel Hawthorne.\nTarzan is considered to be the last of the Disney Renaissance, before the studio's decline in the early 2000s. At the time of its release, its production budget of $130 million made it the most expensive animated film ever made, until topped by Disney's own $140 million Treasure Planet in 2002. The film grossed $448,191,819 worldwide and was also the first Disney animated feature to open at #1 since Pocahontas. This was the last major box office success of the Disney Renaissance.
/m/02664f	The Nebula Awards are given each year by the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America for the best science fiction or fantasy fiction published in the United States during the previous year. The award has been described as one of \"the most important of the American science fiction awards\" and \"the science-fiction and fantasy equivalent\" of the Emmy Awards. The Nebula Award for Best Short Story is given each year for science fiction or fantasy short stories published in English or translated into English and released in the United States or on the internet during the previous calendar year. A work of fiction is defined by the organization as a short story if it is less than 7,500 words; awards are also given out for pieces of longer lengths in the novel, novella, and novelette categories. The Nebula Award for Best Short Story has been awarded annually since 1966.\nNebula Award nominees and winners are chosen by members of the SFWA, though the authors of the nominees do not need to be a member. Works are nominated each year between November 15 and February 15 by published authors who are members of the organization, and the six works that receive the most nominations then form the final ballot, with additional nominees possible in the case of ties. Members may then vote on the ballot throughout March, and the final results are presented at the Nebula Awards ceremony in May. Authors are not permitted to nominate their own works, and ties in the final vote are broken, if possible, by the number of nominations the works received. Beginning with the 2009 awards, the rules were changed to the current format. Prior to then, the eligibility period for nominations was defined as one year after the publication date of the work, which allowed the possibility for works to be nominated in the calendar year after their publication and then reach the final ballot in the calendar year after that. Works were added to a preliminary ballot for the year if they had ten or more nominations, which were then voted on to create a final ballot, to which the SFWA organizing panel was also allowed to add an additional work.
/m/0bbgvp	Mutiny on the Bounty is a 1962 film starring Marlon Brando and Trevor Howard based on the novel Mutiny on the Bounty by Charles Nordhoff and James Norman Hall. The film retells the 1789 real-life mutiny aboard HMAV Bounty led by Fletcher Christian against the ship's captain, William Bligh. It is the second American film to be made from the novel, the first being Mutiny on the Bounty. It was directed by Lewis Milestone, who replaced Carol Reed early in the production schedule. The screenplay was written by Charles Lederer. The score was composed by Bronisław Kaper.\nMutiny on the Bounty was filmed in the Ultra Panavision 70 widescreen process, the first motion picture so credited. It was partly shot on location in the South Pacific. Behind the scenes, Marlon Brando effectively took over directing duties himself and caused it to become far behind schedule and over budget — resulting in director Carol Reed pulling out of the project and being replaced by Lewis Milestone who is credited as director of the picture.
/m/0210hf	Anthony Charles Edwards is an American actor and director. He has appeared in various movies and television shows, including Fast Times at Ridgemont High, Top Gun, Zodiac, Miracle Mile, Revenge of the Nerds, Northern Exposure, and ER.
/m/017dtf	Magic Knight Rayearth is a Japanese manga series created by Clamp, an all-female manga artist team consisting of Satsuki Igarashi, Ageha Ohkawa, Tsubaki Nekoi and Mokona. Appearing as a serial in the manga magazine Nakayoshi from the November 1993 issue to the February 1995 issue, the chapters of Magic Knight Rayearth were collected into three bound volumes by Kodansha, and published from July 1994 to March 1995. A sequel was serialized in the same manga magazine from the March 1995 issue to the April 1996 issue, and was published by Kodansha in three bound volumes from to July 1995 to April 1996. The series follows three eighth-grade girls who find themselves transported from modern-day Japan into a magical world, where they are tasked with rescuing a princess.\nRayearth combines elements from the magical girl and mecha anime genres with parallel world fantasy. The manga was adapted into two anime series in 1994 and an original video animation in 1997.
/m/015mlw	American Recordings is a Los Angeles-based record label headed by record producer Rick Rubin. Formerly known as Def American Recordings; the label has been home to Slayer, the Black Crowes, ZZ Top, Danzig, Trouble, Tom Petty, Johnny Cash, and System of a Down.
/m/03ch8bl	The fifth and final season of the television series The Wire commenced airing in the United States on January 6, 2008, and concluded on March 9, 2008; it contained 10 episodes. The series continued to examine the Baltimore police department, the Stanfield organization and city hall while introducing a fictionalized version of the Baltimore Sun newsroom.
/m/049yf	Kyushu is the third largest island of Japan and most southwesterly of its four main islands. Its alternate ancient names include Kyūkoku, Chinzei, and Tsukushi-no-shima. The historical regional name Saikaidō referred to Kyushu and its surrounding islands.\nIn the 8th century Taihō Code reforms, Dazaifu was established as a special administrative term for the region.\nAs of 2006, Kyushu has a population of 13,231,995 and covers 35,640 square kilometres.
/m/019f9z	Patricia Louise Holte-Edwards, better known under the stage name Patti LaBelle, is a renowned Grammy Award-winning American singer, author, and actress who has spent over 50 years in the music industry. LaBelle spent 16 years as lead singer of Patti LaBelle and the Bluebelles, who changed their name to Labelle in the early 1970s and released the iconic disco song \"Lady Marmalade\".\nLaBelle started her solo career shortly after the group disbanded in 1977 and crossed over to pop music with \"On My Own\", \"If You Asked Me To\", \"Stir It Up\", and \"New Attitude\". She has also recorded R&B ballads such as \"You Are My Friend\", \"If Only You Knew\", and \"Love, Need and Want You\".\nLaBelle possesses the vocal range of a soprano. Due to her musical legacy and influence, she has been inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame, the Hollywood Walk of Fame, the Apollo Hall of Fame, and the Songwriters' Hall of Fame. The World Music Awards presented her with the prestigious Legend Award. LaBelle has sold over 50 million records worldwide.
/m/0gs6m	A legal drama or a courtroom drama is a television show subgenre of dramatic programming. This subgenre presents fictional drama about law. Law enforcement, crime, detective-based mystery solving, lawyer work, civil litigation, etc., are all possible focuses of legal dramas. Common subgenres of legal dramas include detective dramas, police dramas, courtroom dramas, legal thrillers, etc. Legal dramas come in all shapes and sizes and may also span into other forms of media, including novels, plays television shows, and films. Legal drama sometimes overlap with crime drama, most notably in the case of Law & Order. Most crime drama focus on crime investigation and does not feature the court room. An early example of this overlapping form was Erle Stanley Gardner's Perry Mason, in which the eponymous trial lawyer would usually defend his clients from their murder charges by investigating the crime before the trial, and dramatically revealing the actual perpetrator during the closing courtroom scene, by calling some other person to the stand and interrogating him or her into confessing in open court:\neither of having committed the crime\nor of having witnessed the crime being perpetrated by someone other than Mason's client, the defendant.
/m/0typ5	Fall River is a city in Bristol County, Massachusetts, United States. Fall River's population was 88,857 at the 2010 census, making it the tenth largest city in the state.\nLocated along the eastern shore of Mount Hope Bay at the mouth of the Taunton River, the city became famous during the 19th century as the leading textile manufacturing center in the United States. While the textile industry has long since moved on, its impact on the city's culture and landscape remains to this day. Fall River's official motto is \"We'll Try,\" dating back to the aftermath of the Great Fire of 1843. It is also nicknamed \"the Scholarship City\" because Dr. Irving Fradkin founded Dollars for Scholars here in 1958.\nFall River is well known for Lizzie Borden, Portuguese Culture, its numerous 19th Century Textile mills and Battleship Cove, the world's largest collection of World War II naval vessels and the home of the USS Massachusetts . Fall River is also the only city in the United States to have its city hall located over an interstate highway.\nFall River was the only city on the east coast of the United States to have had an exposed waterfall falling in part of its downtown area flowing less than a half mile into a sheltered harbor at the edge of downtown. Fall River was and is unique for the fact that it has two large lakes along with a large portion of protected woodlands on the eastern part of the city, which is higher in elevation, with the Quequechan River draining out of the ponds and flowing 2.5 miles through the heart of the city, emptying out an estimated 26 million gallons a day into the deep Mount Hope Bay/ Taunton River estuary in the western part of the city. The Quequechan River once flowed through downtown unresticted providing great waterpower potential for the mills and finally in the last half mile of its length down a series of eight steep waterfalls falling 128 feet, into the Taunton River at the head of the deep Mount Hope Bay. Fall River is one of the few places on the east coast of the United States to have such special and rare features in its geography, along with the natural Fall River granite quarried there. The Quequechan River's enormous waterpower potential and natural granite helped form and shape Fall River into the city it is today.
/m/0mgkg	Amazon.com, Inc. is an American international electronic commerce company with headquarters in Seattle, Washington, United States. It is the world's largest online retailer. Amazon.com started as an online bookstore, but soon diversified, selling DVDs, VHSs, CDs, video and MP3 downloads/streaming, software, video games, electronics, apparel, furniture, food, toys, and jewelry. The company also produces consumer electronics—notably the Amazon Kindle e-book reader and the Kindle Fire tablet computer—and is a major provider of cloud computing services. Amazon is considered the fourth most successful startup company of all time by market capitalization, revenue, growth and cultural impact.\nJeff Bezos incorporated the company in July 1994 and the site went online as Amazon.com in 1995. The company was renamed after the Amazon River, one of the largest rivers in the world, which in turn was named after the Amazons, the legendary nation of female warriors in Greek mythology.\nAmazon has separate retail websites for United States, United Kingdom, France, Canada, Germany, Italy, Spain, Australia, Brazil, Japan, China, India and Mexico, with international shipping to certain other countries for some of its products. In 2011, it had professed an intention to launch its websites in Poland, Netherlands, and Sweden, as well. An Austrian website operates as part of the German website.
/m/0c41qv	Regency Enterprises is a Los Angeles-based entertainment company formed by Arnon Milchan and Joseph P. Grace. It was founded in 1982 as Embassy International Pictures, but the company name changed to avoid confusion with Norman Lear's Embassy Pictures. Its most successful film is Mr. & Mrs. Smith, released on June 10, 2005.
/m/04hddx	The Neustadt International Prize for Literature is a biennial award for literature sponsored by the University of Oklahoma and its international literary publication, World Literature Today. It is considered one of the more prestigious international literary prizes, often compared with the Nobel Prize in Literature and referred to as the \"American Nobel\" because of its record of 30 laureates, candidates or jurors who in 42 years have been awarded Nobel Prizes following their involvement with the Neustadt Prize. Like the Nobel, it is awarded not for any one work, but for an entire body of work.
/m/0gy30w	30 Days of Night is a 2007 American vampire horror film based on the comic book miniseries of the same name. The film is directed by David Slade and stars Josh Hartnett, Melissa George, and Danny Huston. The story focuses on an Alaskan town beset by vampires as it enters into a thirty-day long polar night.\n30 Days of Night was originally pitched as a comic, then as a film, but was rejected. Years later Steve Niles showed IDW Publishing the idea and it took off. The film was produced on a budget of $30 million and grossed $75 million at the box office during its 6-week run starting on October 19, 2007. The sequel, 30 Days of Night: Dark Days, was released on October 5, 2010 straight to home video. A prequel mini-series, 30 Days of Night: Blood Trails, was released on FEARnet.com and FEARnet On Demand in 2007.
/m/0vm39	Pontiac is a city in the U.S. state of Michigan, located in Metro Detroit. As of the 2010 census, the city had a total population of 59,515. It is the county seat of Oakland County.\nNamed after Chief Pontiac, the city was best known throughout its history for its General Motors automobile manufacturing plants including Fisher Body, Pontiac East Assembly and Pontiac Motor Division, which in the city's heyday was the primary automobile assembly plant where the famed Pontiac cars were produced and named after the city. The city of Pontiac also was home to Oakland Motor Car Company which was acquired by General Motors in 1909. Also of note is the Pontiac Silverdome, the stadium that hosted the Detroit Lions of the National Football League from 1975 until 2002, when the team moved back to Downtown Detroit.
/m/01sgl	Cycling, also called bicycling or biking, is the use of bicycles for transport, recreation, or for sport. Persons engaged in cycling are referred to as \"cyclists\", \"bikers\", or less commonly, as \"bicyclists\". Apart from two-wheeled bicycles, \"cycling\" also includes the riding of unicycles, tricycles, quadracycles, and similar human-powered vehicles.\nBicycles were introduced in the 19th century and now number about one billion worldwide. They are the principal means of transportation in many parts of the world.\nCycling is widely regarded as a very effective and efficient mode of transportation optimal for short to moderate distances. Bicycles provide numerous benefits by comparison with motor vehicles, including the sustained physical exercise necessarily involved in cycling, that cycling involves a reduced consumption of fossil fuels, less air or noise pollution, much reduced traffic congestion, easier parking, greater maneuverability, and access to both roads and paths. The advantages also include reduced financial cost to the user as well as to society at large. Among the disadvantages of cycling are the inherent instability of the bicycle, the immensely reduced protection in crashes, longer travel time, vulnerability to weather conditions, difficulty in transporting passengers, competition with socially beneficial forms of mass public transit, a persistent tendency for cyclists to intrude into pedestrian areas, and the particular levels of skill and fitness required by cycling.
/m/01vvybv	Michael Lee Aday is an American musician and actor best known by his stage name Meat Loaf. He is noted for the Bat Out of Hell album trilogy consisting of Bat Out of Hell, Bat Out of Hell II: Back Into Hell and Bat Out of Hell III: The Monster is Loose and his powerful vocals over a three-octave range. Bat Out of Hell has sold more than 43 million copies worldwide. After 35 years, it still sells an estimated 200,000 copies annually and stayed on the charts for over nine years, making it one of the best selling albums of all time.\nAlthough he enjoyed success with Bat Out of Hell and Bat Out of Hell II: Back Into Hell and earned a Grammy Award for Best Solo Rock Vocal Performance for the song \"I'd Do Anything for Love\" on the latter album, Meat Loaf experienced some initial difficulty establishing a steady career within his native US. However, he has retained iconic status and popularity in Europe, especially the UK, where he ranks 23rd for the number of weeks overall spent on the charts as of 2006. He ranked 96th on VH1's \"100 Greatest Artists of Hard Rock.\"\nHe is one of the best-selling artists of all time, with worldwide sales of more than 80 million units. He has also appeared in over 50 movies and television shows, sometimes as himself or as characters resembling his stage persona. His most notable roles include Eddie in the American premiere of The Rocky Horror Show and The Rocky Horror Picture Show. He also appeared in David Fincher's Fight Club in 1999 as the character Robert Paulson.
/m/05sq84	Richard Griffiths, OBE was an English actor of stage, film and television. He received the Laurence Olivier Award for Best Actor, the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Actor in a Play, the Outer Critics Circle Award for Best Featured Actor and a Tony Award for Best Performance by a Leading Actor in a Play, all for his role in the play The History Boys.\nHe also played Vernon Dursley in the Harry Potter films, Uncle Monty in Withnail and I, Henry Crabbe in Pie in the Sky, and King George II in Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides. He also appeared as a British journalist in Richard Attenborough's Oscar-winning 1982 film Gandhi.
/m/06z49	Slavery is a system under which people are treated as property to be bought and sold, and are forced to work. Slaves can be held against their will from the time of their capture, purchase or birth, and deprived of the right to leave, to refuse to work, or to demand compensation. Historically, slavery was institutionally recognized by most societies; in more recent times, slavery has been outlawed in all countries, but it continues through the practices of debt bondage, indentured servitude, serfdom, domestic servants kept in captivity, certain adoptions in which children are forced to work as slaves, child soldiers, and forced marriage. Slavery is officially illegal in all countries, but there are still an estimated 20 million to 30 million slaves worldwide. Mauritania was the last jurisdiction to officially outlaw slavery, but about 10% to 20% of its population is estimated to live in slavery.\nSlavery predates written records and has existed in many cultures. Most slaves today are debt slaves, largely in South Asia, who are under debt bondage incurred by lenders, sometimes even for generations. Human trafficking is primarily used for forcing women and children into sex industries.
/m/02hcv8	The Eastern Time Zone is a time zone encompassing 17 U.S. states in the eastern part of the contiguous United States, parts of eastern Canada and three countries in South America.\nPlaces that use Eastern Standard Time when observing standard time are 5 hours behind Coordinated Universal Time.\nEastern Daylight Time, when observing daylight saving time is 4 hours behind Coordinated Universal Time.\nIn the northern parts of the time zone, during the second Sunday in March, at 2:00 a.m. EST, clocks are advanced to 3:00 a.m. EDT leaving a one hour \"gap\". During the first Sunday in November, at 2:00 a.m. EDT, clocks are moved back to 1:00 a.m. EST, thus \"duplicating\" one hour. Southern parts of the zone do not observe daylight-saving time.
/m/0ct_yc	Justin Vincent Cochrane is a professional footballer who plays for Boreham Wood and the Antigua and Barbuda national football team.
/m/02qpbqj	A fullback is a position in the offensive backfield in American and Canadian football, and is one of the two running back positions along with the halfback. Typically, fullbacks are larger in size than halfbacks and in most offensive schemes their duties are split between power running and blocking for both the quarterback and the other running back.\nMany great runners in the history of American football have been fullbacks, notably Marion Motley, Jim Brown, Franco Harris, Mike Alstott, Larry Csonka, John Riggins, and Steve Van Buren. Fullbacks are typically known less for speed and agility and more for muscularity and the ability to shed tackles. In the modern NFL, Fullbacks are not usually deployed as ball carriers but are mostly used as a lead blocker to allow smaller, quicker backs to get to the secondary of the opposing team's defense. In the early 2000s, many NFL teams used blocking fullbacks, such as Tony Richardson and Lorenzo Neal, with great success. These backs cleared the way for some of the decade's great running backs. Recently, some teams have actually phased-out fullbacks altogether in favor of two tight end sets. The remaining prominent fullbacks in the NFL such as Ovie Mughelli, Bruce Miller, John Kuhn, Leonard Weaver, Owen Schmitt, Vonta Leach, Marcel Reece, and Henry Hynoski are still employed as lead blockers and do not often carry or catch the ball. In spite of their usually infrequent carries in modern NFL offenses, some fullbacks have actually led their team in rushing. Notably Le'Ron McClain was the rushing leader for the Baltimore Ravens in 2008 and Tony Richardson led the Kansas City Chiefs in rushing in 2000. Giants running back Peyton Hillis started his NFL career as a fullback before being reverted into a running back.
/m/01fwj8	Amelia Fiona \"Minnie\" Driver is an English actress and singer-songwriter. She was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her performance in the film Good Will Hunting, and an Emmy Award and a Golden Globe for her work in the television series The Riches.
/m/02bf58	The University of Chicago Law School is the graduate school of law at the University of Chicago. It was founded in 1902 by a coalition of donors led by John D. Rockefeller, and is consistently one of the highest-rated law schools in the United States. The U.S. News & World Report ranks it fourth among U.S. law schools, and it is noted particularly for its influence on the economic analysis of law.
/m/013c2f	Ealing is a suburban district of west London, England and the administrative centre of the London Borough of Ealing. It is located 7.9 miles west of Charing Cross and around 12 miles from the City of London. It is one of the major metropolitan centres identified in the London Plan. It was historically a rural village in the county of Middlesex and formed an ancient parish. Improvement in communications with London, culminating with the opening of the railway station in 1838, shifted the local economy to market garden supply and eventually to suburban development. As part of the growth of London in the 20th century, Ealing significantly expanded and increased in population, becoming a municipal borough in 1901 and has formed part of Greater London since 1965. It now forms a significant commercial and retail centre with a developed night time economy. Most of Ealing falls under the W5 and W13 postcodes, with the exception of Hanger Hill, which partly falls under the NW10 postcode area.
/m/04rtpt	Imagine Entertainment is an American film and television production company founded in 1986 by director Ron Howard and producer Brian Grazer.
/m/01lj9	Chemistry, a branch of physical science, is the study of the composition, structure, properties and change of matter. Chemistry is chiefly concerned with atoms and their interactions with other atoms - for example, the properties of the chemical bonds formed between atoms to create chemical compounds. As well as this, interactions including atoms and other phenomena—electrons and various forms of energy—are considered, such as photochemical reactions, oxidation-reduction reactions, changes in phases of matter, and separation of mixtures. Finally, properties of matter such as alloys or polymers are considered.\nChemistry is sometimes called \"the central science\" because it bridges other natural sciences like physics, geology and biology with each other. Chemistry is a branch of physical science but distinct from physics.\nThe etymology of the word chemistry has been much disputed. The origin of chemistry can be traced to certain practices, known as alchemy, which had been practiced for several millennia in various parts of the world, particularly the Middle East.
/m/080dyk	Warren James Feeney is a Northern Irish footballer who plays as a forward. He is currently player-assistant manager at Conference Premier side Salisbury City.\nBorn in Belfast, he has played for Leeds United, Bournemouth, Stockport County, Luton Town, Cardiff City, Swansea City, Dundee United, Sheffield Wednesday, Oldham Athletic and Plymouth Argyle. In making his debut for the Northern Ireland national team, he became the third generation of his family to receive an international cap, after his father Warren and grandfather Jim.
/m/05wkc	Postmodernism is a late-20th-century movement in the arts, architecture, and criticism that was a departure from modernism. Postmodernism includes skeptical interpretations of culture, literature, art, philosophy, history, economics, architecture, fiction, and literary criticism. It is often associated with deconstruction and post-structuralism because its usage as a term gained significant popularity at the same time as twentieth-century post-structural thought.
/m/063b4k	Guillermo del Toro Gómez is a Mexican film director, screenwriter, producer, and novelist. In his filmmaking career, del Toro has alternated between Spanish-language dark fantasy pieces, such as The Devil's Backbone and Pan's Labyrinth, and more mainstream American action movies, such as Blade II, Hellboy, its sequel Hellboy II: The Golden Army, and Pacific Rim.\nIn addition to his directing works, del Toro is a prolific producer, his producing works including acclaimed and/or successful films such as The Orphanage, Julia's Eyes, Biutiful, Kung Fu Panda 2, Puss in Boots, and Mama. He was originally chosen by Peter Jackson to direct The Hobbit films; he left the project due to production problems but was still credited as co-writer for his numerous contributions to the script.\nDel Toro's work is characterised by a strong connection to fairy tales and horror, with an effort to infuse visual or poetic beauty. He has a lifelong fascination with monsters, which he considers symbols of great power. Del Toro is known for his use of insectile and religious imagery, the themes of Catholicism and celebrating imperfection, underworld and clockwork motifs, dominant amber lighting, and his frequent collaborations with actors Ron Perlman and Doug Jones.
/m/0l_v1	Nome Census Area is a census area located in the state of Alaska, United States. As of the 2010 census, the population was 9,492. It is part of the unorganized borough and therefore has no borough seat. Its largest community by far is the city of Nome.
/m/02yy_j	John Samuel Waters, Jr. is an American film director, screenwriter, actor, stand-up comedian, journalist, visual artist, and art collector, who rose to fame in the early 1970s for his transgressive cult films. Waters' 1970s and early '80s trash films feature his regular troupe of actors known as the Dreamlanders—among them Divine, Mink Stole, David Lochary, Mary Vivian Pearce, and Edith Massey. Starting with Desperate Living, Waters began casting real-life convicted criminals and infamous people.\nWaters dabbled in mainstream filmmaking with Hairspray, which introduced Ricki Lake and earned a modest gross of $8 million domestically. In 2002, Hairspray was adapted to a long-running Broadway musical, which itself was adapted to a hit musical film which earned more than $200 million worldwide. After the crossover success of the original film version of Hairspray, Waters's films began featuring familiar actors and celebrities such as Johnny Depp, Edward Furlong, Melanie Griffith, Chris Isaak, Johnny Knoxville, Martha Plimpton, Christina Ricci, Lili Taylor, Kathleen Turner, and Tracey Ullman.\nAlthough he maintains apartments in New York City and San Francisco, and a summer home in Provincetown, Waters still mainly resides in his hometown of Baltimore, Maryland, where all his films are set. Many of his films take place in a neighborhood called Hampden. He is recognizable by his trademark pencil moustache, a look he has retained since the early 1970s.
/m/02ktt7	Kraft Foods Group Inc. is an American grocery manufacturing and processing conglomerate headquartered in the Chicago suburb of Northfield, Illinois.\nThe company was formed in 2012 by a demerger from Kraft Foods Inc., which in turn was renamed Mondelēz International. The new Kraft Foods Group is a North American grocery business, while Mondelēz is a multinational snack and confectionary company. Kraft Foods Group is an independent public company; it is listed on the NASDAQ.
/m/044qx	James \"Jimmy\" Maitland Stewart was an American film and stage actor, known for his distinctive drawl voice and down-to-earth persona. Over the course of his career, he starred in many films widely considered classics. He was known for portraying the average American Middle Class man, with everyday life struggles.\nStewart was nominated for five Academy Awards, winning one in competition and receiving one Lifetime Achievement award. Stewart was named the third greatest male screen legend in cinema history by the American Film Institute. He was a major Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer contract star. He also had a noted military career and was a World War II and Vietnam War veteran, who rose to the rank of Brigadier General in the United States Air Force Reserve.\nThe actor Cary Grant said of Stewart's acting technique, \"He had the ability to talk naturally. He knew that in conversations people do often interrupt one another and it's not always so easy to get a thought out. It took a little time for the sound men to get used to him, but he had an enormous impact. And then, some years later, Marlon came out and did the same thing all over again—but what people forget is that Jimmy did it first.\"
/m/06mbny	Hospitality is the relationship between the guest and the host, or the act or practice of being hospitable. This includes the reception and entertainment of guests, visitors, or strangers.
/m/06b4wb	Russell \"Russi\" Taylor is an American voice actress. She is the current voice actress of Disney's Minnie Mouse character. She has retained this role since 1986, longer than any other voice actress. This includes performances in the Disney's House of Mouse and Mickey Mouse Clubhouse and Mickey Mousekersize and television series and the Kingdom Hearts video game series, among many others. She also does the voices of Martin Prince, Sherri and Terri, and Üter on the animated television series The Simpsons. She also stars as Baby Joy in Super Why!.
/m/02wlwtm	A head teacher or school principal is the most senior teacher, leader and manager of a school. In the past, the headmaster or headmistress of a British private school was often the owner of the school or a member of the owning family, and the position often remained in the family for many generations.\nIn Scotland, such officials are sometimes known as the \"rector\", most commonly in independent schools. In North America, Australia and Ireland, such officials are usually known as the \"school principal\", but some schools, primarily independent schools, use the term \"headmaster\" or \"head master\". As in Scotland, the term \"rector\" is still in use in the United States in independent, religious schools as by tradition, the Head of School was also a priest. Some American state schools, such as Boston Latin School, Brooklyn Latin School, and Milpitas High School, also use the term \"headmaster\", either because of its history or historical connections.\nIn Britain, the terms \"headmaster\" and \"headmistress\" used to be the official title throughout both state and private schools, with \"head teacher\" only being used as a term to refer to them collectively. In recent years, however, most state schools have switched to the gender-neutral \"head teacher\" as the official title. Nevertheless, the gender-specific terms are still in common use, and is still the official title at some of the remaining state grammar schools and most private schools. Some use other terms, such as \"high master\". Private schools frequently use other titles for officials under the head teacher.
/m/024hh1	Mashhad is the second most populous city in Iran and is the capital of Razavi Khorasan Province. It is located in north east of the country close to the borders of Afghanistan and Turkmenistan. Its population was 2,772,287 at the 2011 population census. It was a major oasis along the ancient Silk Road connecting with Merv in the East.\nMashhad is the hometown of some of the most significant Iranian literary figures and artists such as Mehdi Akhavan-Sales, the famous contemporary poet and Mohammad-Reza Shajarian, the traditional Iranian singer and composer. Mashhad is also known as the city of Ferdowsi, the Iranian poet of Shahnameh, which is considered to be the national epic of Iran. Ferdowsi and Akhavan Sales are both buried in Tus, an ancient city that is considered to be the main origin of the current city of Mashhad.
/m/01cz_1	Erlangen is a Middle Franconian city in Bavaria, Germany. It is located at the confluence of the river Regnitz and its large tributary, the Untere Schwabach. Erlangen has more than 100,000 inhabitants.\nErlangen is today dominated by the University of Erlangen-Nuremberg and the numerous branch offices of Siemens AG, as well as a large research Institute of the Fraunhofer Society and the Max Planck Institute for the Science of Light. An event that left its mark on the city was the settlement of Huguenots after the withdrawal of the Edict of Nantes in 1685.\nFelix Klein's Erlangen program, considering the future of research in mathematics, is so called because Klein was then at the University of Erlangen-Nuremberg.
/m/04v8x9	Ben-Hur is a 1959 American epic historical drama film, directed by William Wyler, produced by Sam Zimbalist and starring Charlton Heston, Stephen Boyd, Jack Hawkins, Hugh Griffith and Haya Harareet. It won a record 11 Academy Awards, including Best Picture, an accomplishment that was not equaled until Titanic in 1997 and then again by The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King in 2003.\nA remake of the 1925 silent film with the same name, Ben-Hur was adapted from Lew Wallace's 1880 novel Ben-Hur: A Tale of the Christ. The screenplay is credited to Karl Tunberg but includes contributions from Maxwell Anderson, S. N. Behrman, Gore Vidal, and Christopher Fry. Ben-Hur had the largest budget and the largest sets built for any film produced. The nine-minute chariot race has become one of cinema's most famous sequences. The score composed by Miklós Rózsa was highly influential on cinema for more than 15 years, and is the longest ever composed for a film.
/m/05wkw	Photography is the art, science and practice of creating durable images by recording light or other electromagnetic radiation, either chemically by means of a light-sensitive material such as photographic film, or electronically by means of an image sensor. Typically, a lens is used to focus the light reflected or emitted from objects into a real image on the light-sensitive surface inside a camera during a timed exposure. The result in an electronic image sensor is an electrical charge at each pixel, which is electronically processed and stored in a digital image file for subsequent display or processing.\nThe result in a photographic emulsion is an invisible latent image, which is later chemically developed into a visible image, either negative or positive depending on the purpose of the photographic material and the method of processing. A negative image on film is traditionally used to photographically create a positive image on a paper base, known as a print, either by using an enlarger or by contact printing.\nPhotography has many uses for business, science, manufacturing, art, recreational purposes, and mass communication.
/m/06rqw	Ska is a music genre that originated in Jamaica in the late 1950s, and was the precursor to rocksteady and reggae. Ska combined elements of Caribbean mento and calypso with American jazz and rhythm and blues. It is characterized by a walking bass line accented with rhythms on the upbeat. In the early 1960s, ska was the dominant music genre of Jamaica and was popular with British mods. Later it became popular with many skinheads.\nMusic historians typically divide the history of ska into three periods: the original Jamaican scene of the 1960s; the English 2 Tone ska revival of the late 1970s; and the third wave ska movement, which started in the 1980s and rose to popularity in the US in the 1990s.
/m/036qs_	Mario Van Peebles is a Mexican-born American film director and actor who has appeared in numerous Hollywood films. He is the son of film-maker Melvin Van Peebles.
/m/01jwxx	Battle of Britain is a 1969 film directed by Guy Hamilton, and produced by Harry Saltzman and S. Benjamin Fisz. The film broadly relates the events of the Battle of Britain. The script by James Kennaway and Wilfred Greatorex was based on the book The Narrow Margin by Derek Wood and Derek Dempster.\nThe film endeavoured to be an accurate account of the Battle of Britain, when in the summer and autumn of 1940 the British RAF inflicted a strategic defeat on the Luftwaffe and so ensured the cancellation of Operation Sea Lion – Adolf Hitler's plan to invade Britain. The film is notable for its spectacular flying sequences, in contrast with the unsatisfactory model work seen in Angels One Five and on a far grander scale than had been seen on film before; these made the film's production very expensive.
/m/051_y	Murder is the unlawful killing, with malice aforethought, of another human, and generally this premeditated state of mind distinguishes murder from other forms of unlawful homicide. A person who commits murder is called a murderer.\nAs the loss of a human being inflicts enormous grief upon the individuals close to the victim, and the commission of a murder is highly detrimental to the good order within society, most societies both present and in antiquity have considered it a most serious crime worthy of the harshest of punishment. In most countries, a person convicted of murder is typically given a long prison sentence, possibly a life sentence where permitted, and in some countries, the death penalty may be imposed for such an act – though this practice is becoming less common.
/m/01f3p_	Charmed is an American television series created by writer Constance M. Burge and produced by Aaron Spelling and his production company Spelling Television, with writer-director Brad Kern serving as showrunner. The series was originally broadcast by The WB Television Network for eight seasons from October 7, 1998, until May 21, 2006.\nThe series narrative follows three sisters, known as the Charmed Ones, the most powerful good witches of all time, whose prophesied destiny is to protect innocent lives from evil beings such as demons and warlocks. Each sister possesses unique magical powers that grow and evolve, while they attempt to maintain normal lives in modern day San Francisco. Keeping their supernatural identities separate and secret from their ordinary lives often becomes a challenge for them, with the exposure of magic having far-reaching consequences on their various relationships and resulting in a number of police and FBI investigations throughout the series. The first three seasons of Charmed focus on the three Halliwell sisters, Prue, Piper and Phoebe. Following the death of Prue in the third season finale, their long-lost half sister, Paige Matthews, assumes her place within \"The Power of Three\" from season four onwards.
/m/01d26y	Burnaby is a city in British Columbia, Canada, located immediately to the east of Vancouver. It is the third-largest city in British Columbia by population, surpassed only by nearby Surrey and Vancouver.\nIt was incorporated in 1892 and achieved City status in 1992, one hundred years after incorporation. It is the seat of the Greater Vancouver Regional District's government, the board of which calls itself Metro Vancouver.
/m/066kp	The PlayStation 2 is a video game console that was manufactured by Sony Computer Entertainment. It is Sony's second installment in the PlayStation Series. It was released on March 4, 2000, in Japan followed by North America and Europe later the same year. The sixth-generation console competed with the Sega Dreamcast, Microsoft Xbox, and Nintendo GameCube.\nThe PlayStation 2 went on to become the best-selling video game console in history, selling over 155 million units. More than 3,870 game titles have been released for the PS2 since launch, and more than 1.5 billion copies have been sold. Sony later manufactured several smaller, lighter revisions of the console known as \"slimline\" models, and in 2006 introduced the successor, the PlayStation 3.\nEven with the PlayStation 3 release, the PlayStation 2 remained popular well into the seventh generation and continued to be produced until January 4, 2013, when Sony finally announced that the PlayStation 2 had been discontinued after 12 years of production – one of the longest runs for a video game console. Despite the announcement, new games for the console continue to be produced including Final Fantasy XI: Seekers of Adoulin for Japan and Pro Evolution Soccer 2014 for Occident. Sony unveiled the PlayStation 4 console the following month on February 20, 2013.
/m/05zvmcm	Kyle Lewis is a fictional character on the ABC soap opera One Life to Live. He was originated by actor Brett Claywell on the episode first-run February 24, 2009, appearing on the serial through April 16, 2010. His pairing with Oliver Fish gained much popularity.
/m/082sy9	Kharkiv, or Kharkov, is the second-largest city of Ukraine. Located in the north-east of the country, it is the largest city of the Slobozhanshchyna historical region. By its territorial expansion on September 6, 2012 the city increased its area from about 310 to 350 square kilometres.\nThe city was founded in 1654 and was a major centre of Ukrainian culture in the Russian Empire. Kharkiv was the first city in Ukraine to acknowledge Soviet power in December 1917 and later became the capital of the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic. Kharkiv remained the capital of the Ukrainian SSR until January 1934, when it was moved to Kiev. It is the administrative centre of the Kharkiv Oblast as well as the administrative centre of the surrounding Kharkiv district, while the city itself has a special status within the region. As of 2006, its population was 1,461,300.\nKharkiv is a major cultural, scientific, educational, transport and industrial centre of Ukraine, with 60 scientific institutes, 30 establishments of higher education, 6 museums, 7 theatres and 80 libraries. Its industry specialises primarily in machinery and electronics. There are hundreds of industrial companies in the city. Among them are globally important giants like the Morozov Design Bureau and the Malyshev Tank Factory; Khartron; and the Turboatom turbines producer.
/m/04knvh	Shamrock Rovers Football Club is a professional football club from Dublin, Ireland. The club's team competes in the Premier Division of the League of Ireland and it is the most successful club in the Republic of Ireland. The club has won the League of Ireland title a record 17 times and the FAI Cup a record 24 times. Shamrock Rovers have supplied more players to the Republic of Ireland national football team than any other club. In All-Ireland competitions, such as the Intercity Cup, they hold the record for winning the most titles, having won seven cups overall.\nShamrock Rovers were founded in Ringsend, Dublin. The official date of the club's foundation is 1901. They won the League title at the first attempt in the 1922–23 season and established themselves as Republic of Ireland most successful club by 1949, winning 44 major trophies. During the 1950s, the club won three League titles and two FAI Cups and became the first Irish team to compete in European competition, playing in the European Cup in 1957.\nThey followed this by winning a record six FAI Cups in succession in the 1960s, when they were also one of the European club teams that spent the summer of 1967 in the United States, founding the United Soccer Association. They won the first of four League titles in a row in 1983–84, after a long decline.
/m/076df9	Christopher McCulloch, also known by the pseudonym Jackson Publick, is an American comic book and television writer, storyboard artist, and voice actor known for his work on several Tick properties and for the animated television series The Venture Bros. He authored the comic book miniseries The Tick: Karma Tornado, a spin-off of The Tick, and was a staff writer and storyboard artist on the 1994 Tick animated series. He also worked on storyboards for PB&J Otter and Sheep in the Big City and as a writer on the 2001 Tick live-action series. He created The Venture Bros. in the early 2000s and produced its 2003 pilot episode. He and Doc Hammer are the Venture Bros. co-creators, writers, editors, and directors, producing the show through their animation company Astro-Base Go. McCulloch voices over 20 characters in the series, including Hank Venture, The Monarch, and Sergeant Hatred.
/m/0509cr	Psychedelic soul, sometimes called black rock, is a sub-genre of soul music, which mixes the characteristics of soul with psychedelic rock. It came to prominence in the late 1960s and continued into the 1970s, playing a major role in the development of funk music and disco. Pioneering acts included Sly and the Family Stone and the Temptations. Mainstream acts that developed a psychedelic sound included the Supremes and Stevie Wonder. Acts that achieved notability with the sound included The Chambers Brothers, The 5th Dimension, Edwin Starr and George Clinton's Funkadelic and Parliament ensembles.
/m/065dc4	The Da Vinci Code is a 2006 American mystery-thriller film produced by John Calley and Brian Grazer and directed by Ron Howard. The screenplay was written by Akiva Goldsman and adapted from Dan Brown's 2003 best-selling novel of the same name. The film stars Tom Hanks, Audrey Tautou, Ian McKellen, Alfred Molina, Jürgen Prochnow, Jean Reno, and Paul Bettany.\nIn the film, the protagonist, Robert Langdon, a professor of religious iconography and symbology from Harvard University, is the prime suspect in the grisly and unusual murder of Louvre curator Jacques Saunière. He escapes with the assistance of a police cryptologist, Sophie Neveu, and they are embroiled in a quest for the legendary Holy Grail. He is pursued by a dogged French police captain, Bezu Fache. A noted British Grail historian, Sir Leigh Teabing, tells them the actual Holy Grail is explicitly encoded in Leonardo da Vinci's wall painting, the Last Supper. Also searching for the Grail is a secret cabal within Opus Dei, an actual prelature of the Holy See, who wishes to keep the true Grail a secret; the revelation of this secret would certainly destroy Christianity.\nThe film, like the book, was considered controversial. It was met with especially harsh criticism by the Roman Catholic Church for the accusation that it is behind a two-thousand-year-old coverup concerning what the Holy Grail really is and the concept that Jesus Christ and Mary Magdalene were married and that the union produced a daughter. Many members urged the laity to boycott the film. Two organizations, the Priory of Sion and Opus Dei figure prominently in the story. In the book, Dan Brown insists that the Priory of Sion and \"...all descriptions of artwork, architecture, documents and secret rituals in this novel are accurate\".
/m/0jrtv	Orange County is a county located in the U.S. state of Florida. As of 2010, the county has a population of 1,145,956. The county seat is Orlando.\nOrange County is included in the Orlando-Kissimmee-Sanford Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/06101p	Wong Jing is a Hong Kong film director, producer, actor, presenter, and screenwriter. A prolific filmmaker with strong instincts for crowd-pleasing and publicity, in the Hong Kong cinema of the last quarter-century, as well as one of its most critically reviled.
/m/07f_7h	Silent Hill is a 2006 psychological horror film directed by Christophe Gans and written by Roger Avary, Christophe Gans and Nicolas Boukhrief. The film is an adaptation of Konami's survival horror video game series Silent Hill. The film, particularly its emotional, religious, and aesthetic content, includes elements from the first, second, third and fourth game in the series. It stars Radha Mitchell, Laurie Holden, Jodelle Ferland, Alice Krige, Sean Bean and Deborah Kara Unger.\nThe film follows Rose, who takes her adopted daughter Sharon to the town of Silent Hill, for which Sharon cries while sleepwalking. Arriving at Silent Hill, Rose is involved in a car accident and awakens to find Sharon missing; while searching for her daughter, she fights a local cult while uncovering Sharon's connection to the town's past.\nDevelopment of Silent Hill began in the early 2000s. After attempting to gain the film rights to Silent Hill for five years, Gans sent a video interview to them explaining his plans for adapting Silent Hill and how important the games are to him. Konami awarded him the film rights as a result. Gans and Avary began working on the script in 2004. Avary used Centralia, Pennsylvania as an inspiration for the town. Filming began in February 2005 with an estimated $50 million budget and was shot on sound sets and on location in Canada.
/m/04sv4	Microsoft Corporation is an American multinational corporation headquartered in Redmond, Washington, that develops, manufactures, licenses, supports and sells computer software, consumer electronics and personal computers and services. Its best known software products are the Microsoft Windows line of operating systems, Microsoft Office office suite, and Internet Explorer web browser. Its flagship hardware products are Xbox game console and the Microsoft Surface series of tablets. It is the world's largest software maker measured by revenues. It is also one of the world's most valuable companies.\nMicrosoft was founded by Bill Gates and Paul Allen on April 4, 1975 to develop and sell BASIC interpreters for Altair 8800. It rose to dominate the personal computer operating system market with MS-DOS in the mid-1980s, followed by the Microsoft Windows. The company's 1986 initial public offering, and subsequent rise in its share price, created an estimated three billionaires and 12,000 millionaires from Microsoft employees. It is considered the third most successful startup company of all time by market capitalization, revenue, growth and cultural impact. Since the 1990s, it has increasingly diversified from the operating system market and has made a number of corporate acquisitions. In May 2011, Microsoft acquired Skype Technologies for $8.5 billion in its largest acquisition to date.
/m/042l8n	FC Sion is a Swiss football team from the city of Sion. The club was founded in 1909, and play their home games at the Stade Tourbillon. They have won the Swiss Super League twice, and the Swiss Cup in each of their twelve appearances in the final, the most recent being in 2011.\nThe first team is also known as Olympique des Alpes SA, as Swiss Football League requires football clubs to be run as companies.
/m/03zw80	Dallas Theological Seminary is an evangelical theological seminary located in Dallas, Texas. It is known for popularizing the theological system known as Dispensationalism. DTS has extension campuses in Atlanta, Austin, Guatemala, Houston, Knoxville, Philadelphia, San Antonio, Washington, D.C., and Tampa and a multi-lingual online education program.
/m/0nzm	The Apache Software Foundation is an American non-profit corporation to support Apache software projects, including the Apache HTTP Server. The ASF was formed from the Apache Group and incorporated in Delaware, U.S., in June 1999.\nThe Apache Software Foundation is a decentralized community of developers. The software they produce is distributed under the terms of the Apache License and is therefore free and open source software. The Apache projects are characterized by a collaborative, consensus-based development process and an open and pragmatic software license. Each project is managed by a self-selected team of technical experts who are active contributors to the project. The ASF is a meritocracy, implying that membership of the foundation is granted only to volunteers who have actively contributed to Apache projects. The ASF is considered a second generation open-source organization, in that commercial support is provided without the risk of platform lock-in.\nAmong the ASF's objectives are: to provide legal protection to volunteers working on Apache projects; to prevent the Apache brand name from being used by other organizations without permission.
/m/04j5fx	Takahiro Sakurai is a Japanese voice actor who was born in Aichi. He was a member of 81 Produce; his height is 1.76 m.\nMany of his roles are handsome men. However, he has also voiced reluctant heroes as well as the occasional villain. Sometimes, he is also typecast to play angsty and arrogant young men, and also loner characters such as Kira Izuru. More recently, he also provided the voice of Edward Cullen in the Japanese dub adaptations of the Twilight Saga films. He appears to have done a lot of roles with Kenichi Suzumura, for example in Final Fantasy VII, Black Butler, and D.Gray-man.
/m/04cdxc	Prabhu is an Indian film actor and producer who has predominantly appeared in Tamil language films. He is the son of veteran actor Sivaji Ganesan, while his own son Vikram Prabhu is also an upcoming Tamil actor. After making his debut in Sangili, the actor has played a series of leading and supporting roles, earning the Best Actor award recognition by the Tamil Nadu state for his portrayal in Chinna Thambi.
/m/01lly5	Thomas James \"Tom\" Kenny is an American voice actor, singer and comedian. Most famous for his work as the voice of SpongeBob SquarePants from the animated television series of the same name, Kenny has voiced many animated characters in various animated television series, including Heffer Wolfe from Rocko's Modern Life, the Mayor and the Narrator from The Powerpuff Girls, Eduardo from Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends, Scoutmaster Lumpus and Slinkman from Camp Lazlo, Cupid from The Fairly OddParents, Jake from My Gym Partner's a Monkey, Spyro from the mid-three Spyro the Dragon video games, The Penguin from The Batman, and is the current voice of Rabbit from Winnie the Pooh. In SpongeBob, Kenny has also provided the voices of various animated characters, such as Gary the Snail, the French narrator, and his live-action performance for the character of Patchy the Pirate. He continues to voice characters in many other animated films, television series, commercials and video games.
/m/046lt	James Douglas Muir \"Jay\" Leno is an American comedian, actor, voice actor, writer, producer and television host.\nLeno was the host of NBC's The Tonight Show with Jay Leno from 1992 to 2009. Beginning in September 2009, Leno started a primetime talk show, titled The Jay Leno Show, which aired weeknights at 10:00 p.m., also on NBC. After The Jay Leno Show was canceled in January 2010 amid a host controversy, Leno returned to host The Tonight Show with Jay Leno on March 1, 2010. Leno hosted his last episode of the Tonight Show on February 6, 2014. That same year, he was inducted into the Television Hall of Fame.
/m/082mc	The Waffen-SS was created as the armed wing of the Nazi Party's Schutzstaffel, and gradually developed into a multi-ethnic and multi-national military force of Nazi Germany.\nThe Waffen-SS grew from three regiments to over 38 divisions during World War II, and served alongside the Heer but was never formally part of it. Adolf Hitler resisted integrating the Waffen-SS into the army, as it was to remain the armed wing of the Party and to become an elite police force once the war was won. Prior to the war it was under the control of the SS Führungshauptamt beneath Reichsführer-SS Heinrich Himmler. Upon mobilization its tactical control was given to the High Command of the Armed Forces.\nInitially membership was only open to people of Germanic \"Aryan\" origin, who were said to be the Herrenvolk, according to Nazi racial ideology. The rules were partially relaxed in 1940, although nations considered by Nazis to be \"sub-human\" like ethnic Poles or Jews remained excluded. Hitler authorized the formation of units composed largely or solely of foreign volunteers and conscripts.
/m/01v40wd	Nasir bin Olu Dara Jones, better known simply as Nas, is an American rapper, songwriter and actor. He is the son of jazz musician Olu Dara. Since 1994, Nas has released eight consecutive platinum and multi-platinum albums and sold over 25 million records worldwide. Aside from rapping and acting, Nas is an entrepreneur through his own record label, retail sneaker store, and magazine publishing. He currently serves as Mass Appeal Magazine's associate publisher as well as an owner of a Fila sneaker store.\nHis musical career began in 1991 when he was featured on Main Source's track \"Live at the Barbeque\". His debut album Illmatic, released in 1994, received universal acclaim from both critics and the hip hop community. It is frequently ranked as one of the greatest hip hop albums of all time. His follow-up album It Was Written debuted at number 1 on the Billboard Charts, stayed on top for four consecutive weeks, went platinum twice in only two months, and made Nas internationally known.\nFrom 2001 to 2005, Nas was involved in a highly publicized feud with rapper Jay-Z. In 2006, Nas signed to Def Jam. In 2010, he released a collaboration album with reggae artist Damian Marley, donating all royalties to charities active in Africa. His tenth studio album, Life Is Good was released in 2012.
/m/05bnq8	The Harvard Graduate School of Design is a professional graduate school at Harvard University, located in Cambridge, Massachusetts. It offers several masters degree programs, doctoral programs, several executive education programs and a career discovery program. The school also administers the Loeb Fellowship, many research initiatives and publishes the bi-annual Harvard Design Magazine and other design books and studio works. The degrees granted in the masters programs include the Master in Architecture, Master in Landscape Architecture, Master of Architecture in Urban Design, Master of Landscape Architecture in Urban Design, Master in Urban Planning, Master in Design Studies in more than eight concentrations. The school offers a doctoral degree, Doctor of Design, and jointly administers a Doctor of Philosophy degree in architecture, landscape architecture and urban planning with the Graduate School of Arts and Sciences.\nThe school's international faculty provide a broad range of design philosophies and visions. A leading industry survey has ranked the GSD's Department of Architecture number one in the United States for six consecutive years and the Department of Landscape Architecture number one for four consecutive years. The market value of the school's endowment for the fiscal year 2008 to 2009 was approximately $314 million.
/m/02p8q1	Club de Fútbol Universidad Nacional A. C., commonly known as Pumas de la UNAM, or just Pumas, is a Mexican professional Association football club based at Mexico City. Club Universidad represents the National Autonomous University of Mexico, and plays their home matches at Olímpico Universitario stadium, located on UNAM's main campus.\nUniversidad is one of the most popular clubs in Mexico. They have won seven Primera División championships and four international titles. The team is also known for their youth development system which has produced international players such as Enrique Borja, José Luis González \"La Calaca\", Hugo Sánchez, Manuel Negrete, Luis Flores, Miguel España, Claudio Suárez, Luis García, Alberto Garcia Aspe, David Patiño, Jorge Campos, Gerardo Torrado, Braulio Luna, Rafael Márquez Lugo, Efraín Juárez, Héctor Alfredo Moreno, and Pablo Barrera.
/m/0ct2tf5	The Fast and the Furious is a 2001 American action film directed by Rob Cohen and starring Paul Walker, Vin Diesel, Michelle Rodriguez and Jordana Brewster. The film is the first installment of The Fast and the Furious series. Distributed by Universal Pictures. The film follows an undercover cop Brian O'Conner who must stop semi-truck hijackers led by Dominic Toretto from stealing expensive electronic equipment. The film's concept was inspired by a Vibe magazine article about street racing in New York City.\nFilming locations include Los Angeles and parts of southern California. The Fast and the Furious was released on June 22, 2001 to financial success. The film's budget was an estimated $38 million, grossing $207,283,925 worldwide. Critical reaction was mostly mixed, according to review aggregators Rotten Tomatoes and Metacritic. The film became the original of a franchise series when it was followed by 2 Fast 2 Furious, The Fast and the Furious: Tokyo Drift, Fast & Furious, Fast Five and Fast & Furious 6.
/m/024zq	Charles Mingus Jr. was a highly influential American jazz double bassist, composer and bandleader. Mingus's compositions retained the hot and soulful feel of hard bop and drew heavily from black gospel music while sometimes drawing on elements of Third Stream, free jazz, and classical music. Yet Mingus avoided categorization, forging his own brand of music that fused tradition with unique and unexplored realms of jazz. He once cited Duke Ellington and church as his main influences.\nMingus focused on collective improvisation, similar to the old New Orleans jazz parades, paying particular attention to how each band member interacted with the group as a whole. In creating his bands, Mingus looked not only at the skills of the available musicians, but also their personalities. Many musicians passed through his bands and later went on to impressive careers. He recruited talented and sometimes little-known artists, whom he utilized to assemble unconventional instrumental configurations. As a performer, Mingus was a pioneer in double bass technique, widely recognized as one of the instrument's most proficient players.\nNearly as well known as his ambitious music was Mingus' often fearsome temperament, which earned him the nickname \"The Angry Man of Jazz\". His refusal to compromise his musical integrity led to many onstage eruptions, exhortations to musicians, and dismissals. Because of his brilliant writing for midsize ensembles, and his catering to and emphasizing the strengths of the musicians in his groups, Mingus is often considered the heir of Duke Ellington, for whom he expressed great admiration. Indeed, Dizzy Gillespie had once claimed Mingus reminded him \"of a young Duke\", citing their shared \"organizational genius\".
/m/059_w	Native Americans within the boundaries of the present-day United States are composed of numerous, distinct tribes and ethnic groups, many of which survive as intact political communities. The terms used to refer to Native Americans have been controversial. According to a 1995 U.S. Census Bureau set of home interviews, most of the respondents with an expressed preference refer to themselves as \"American Indians\" or simply \"Indians\"; this term has been adopted by major newspapers and some academic groups, but does not traditionally include Native Hawaiians or certain Alaskan Natives, such as Aleut, Yup'ik, or Inuit peoples.\nSince the end of the 15th century, the migration of Europeans to the Americas has led to centuries of conflict and adjustment between Old and New World societies. Many Native Americans lived as hunter-gatherer societies and told their histories by oral traditions; Europeans therefore created almost all of the surviving historical record concerning the conflict.\nThe indigenous cultures were quite different from those of the proto-industrial and mostly Christian immigrants. Many native cultures were matrilineal and occupied hunting grounds and agricultural lands for use of the entire community. Europeans at that time had patriarchal cultures and had developed concepts of individual property rights with respect to land that were extremely different. The differences in cultures between the established Native Americans and immigrant Europeans, as well as shifting alliances among different nations of each culture through the centuries, caused extensive political tension, ethnic violence, and social disruption. Native Americans suffered high fatalities from contact with Eurasian diseases to which they had not acquired immunity. Smallpox epidemics are thought to have caused the greatest loss of life for indigenous populations, although estimates of the pre-Columbian population of what today constitutes the U.S. vary significantly, from 1 million to 18 million.
/m/0gy3w	Louisiana Tech University, colloquially referred to as Louisiana Tech or LA Tech, is a coeducational public research university in Ruston, Louisiana, United States. Louisiana Tech is designated as a Tier 1 national university by the 2014 U.S. News & World Report college rankings and is the only Tier 1 national university in the nine-member University of Louisiana System. As a designated space grant college, member of the Southeastern Universities Research Association, member of the Association of Public and Land-Grant Universities, and Carnegie Research University with high research activity, Louisiana Tech conducts research with ongoing projects funded by agencies such as NASA, the National Institutes of Health, the National Science Foundation, and the Department of Defense. Louisiana Tech is one of only 35 comprehensive research universities in the nation and the only university in Louisiana to be designated as a National Center of Academic Excellence in Information Assurance Education and Research by the National Security Agency and the United States Department of Homeland Security. The university is known for its engineering programs.\nLouisiana Tech University opened as The Industrial Institute and College of Louisiana in 1894 during the Second Industrial Revolution. The original mission of the college was for the education of white students in the arts and sciences for the purpose of developing an industrial economy in post-Reconstruction Louisiana. Four years later, the state constitution changed the school's name to the Louisiana Industrial Institute. In 1921, the college changed its name to the Louisiana Polytechnic Institute to reflect its evolution from a trade school to a larger and more capable technical institute. Under the leadership of Dr. F. Jay Taylor, the college continued to grow and change over time. The Louisiana Polytechnic Institute became desegregated in the 1960s, and officially changed its name to Louisiana Tech University in 1970.
/m/02x258x	The Satellite Award for Best Cinematography is one of the annual Satellite Awards given by the International Press Academy.
/m/0jqj5	The Deer Hunter is a 1978 American war drama film co-written and directed by Michael Cimino about a trio of Russian American steelworkers and their service in the Vietnam War. The film stars Robert De Niro, Christopher Walken, John Savage, John Cazale, Meryl Streep, and George Dzundza. The story takes place in Clairton, a small working class town on the Monongahela River south of Pittsburgh and then in the jungle of Vietnam, and in Saigon, during the Vietnam War.\nThe film was based in part on an unproduced screenplay called The Man Who Came to Play by Louis Garfinkle and Quinn K. Redeker about Las Vegas and Russian Roulette. Producer Michael Deeley, who bought the script, hired writer/director Michael Cimino who, with Deric Washburn, rewrote the script, taking the Russian Roulette element and placing it in the Vietnam War. The film went over-budget and over-schedule and ended up costing $15 million. The scenes of Russian roulette were highly controversial on release.\nThe film won five Academy Awards, including Best Picture, Best Director, and Best Supporting Actor for Christopher Walken, and was named by the American Film Institute as the 53rd Greatest Movie of All Time on the 10th Anniversary Edition of the AFI's 100 Years...100 Movies list.
/m/07hyk	Theodore \"T.R.\" Roosevelt, Jr. was an American author, naturalist, explorer, historian, and politician who served as the 26th President of the United States. He was a leader of the Republican Party and founder of the Progressive Party. He is noted for his exuberant personality, range of interests and achievements, and his leadership of the Progressive Movement, as well as his \"cowboy\" persona and robust masculinity.\nBorn into a wealthy family in New York City, Roosevelt was a sickly child who suffered from asthma. To overcome his physical weakness, he embraced a strenuous life. Home-schooled, he became an eager student of nature. He attended Harvard College where he studied biology, boxed, and developed an interest in naval affairs. He entered politics in the New York state legislature, determined to become a member of the ruling class. In 1881, one year out of Harvard, he was elected to the New York State Assembly, where he became a leader of the reform faction of the GOP. His book The Naval War of 1812 established him as a learned historian and writer.\nWhen his first wife Alice died two days after giving birth in February 1884, he was heartbroken and in despair; he temporarily left politics and became a rancher in the Dakotas. When blizzards destroyed his cattle he returned to New York City politics, running and losing a race for mayor. In the 1890s he took vigorous charge of the city police as Commissioner. By 1897 Roosevelt was in effect running the Navy Department. He called for war against Spain and when the Spanish–American War broke out in 1898 he helped form the famous Rough Riders, a combination of wealthy Easterners and Western cowboys. He gained national fame for his courage in battle in Cuba, then returned to be elected governor of New York. He was the GOP nominee for Vice President with William McKinley, campaigning successfully against radicalism and for prosperity, national honor, imperialism, high tariffs and the gold standard.
/m/015n8	Baruch Spinoza — later Benedict de Spinoza — was a Dutch philosopher. The breadth and importance of Spinoza's work was not fully realized until years after his death. By laying the groundwork for the 18th century Enlightenment and modern biblical criticism, including modern conceptions of the self and, arguably, the universe, he came to be considered one of the great rationalists of 17th-century philosophy. His magnum opus, the posthumous Ethics, in which he opposed Descartes's mind–body dualism, has earned him recognition as one of Western philosophy's most important thinkers. In the Ethics, \"Spinoza wrote the last indisputable Latin masterpiece, and one in which the refined conceptions of medieval philosophy are finally turned against themselves and destroyed entirely.\" Philosopher Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel said of all contemporary philosophers, \"You are either a Spinozist or not a philosopher at all.\"\nSpinoza's given name in different languages is Hebrew: ברוך שפינוזה‎ Baruch Spinoza, Portuguese: Benedito or Bento de Espinosa and Latin: Benedictus de Spinoza; in all these languages, the given name means \"the Blessed\". Spinoza was raised in the Portuguese Jewish community in Amsterdam. He developed highly controversial ideas regarding the authenticity of the Hebrew Bible and the nature of the Divine. The Jewish religious authorities issued a cherem against him, effectively excluding him from Jewish society at age 23. His books were also later put on the Catholic Church's Index of Forbidden Books.
/m/03b8c4	Loyola Law School is the law school of Loyola Marymount University, a private Catholic university in the Jesuit and Marymount traditions, in Los Angeles, California. Loyola was established in 1920. It is named in honor of St. Ignatius of Loyola, founder of the Jesuits. The Frank Gehry-designed campus is located in the Westlake neighborhood just west of downtown Los Angeles. It is separate from the Westchester main university campus.
/m/02r5w9	Bruce Beresford is an Australian film director who has made more than 30 feature films over a 50-year career. Notable films he has directed include Breaker Morant, Tender Mercies, Crimes of the Heart and Driving Miss Daisy.
/m/03f77	James Gordon Brown is a British Labour Party politician who was the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom and Leader of the Labour Party from 2007 until 2010. He previously served as Chancellor of the Exchequer in the Labour Government from 1997 to 2007. Brown has been a Member of Parliament since 1983, first for Dunfermline East and currently for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath.\nA doctoral graduate of the University of Edinburgh, Brown spent his early career working as both a lecturer at a further education college and a television journalist. He entered Parliament in 1983 as the MP for Dunfermline East. He joined the Shadow Cabinet in 1989 as Shadow Secretary of State for Trade, and was later promoted to become Shadow Chancellor of the Exchequer in 1992. After Labour's victory in 1997, he was appointed Chancellor of the Exchequer, becoming the longest-serving holder of that office in modern history.\nBrown's time as Chancellor was marked by major reform of Britain's monetary and fiscal policy architecture, transferring interest rate setting powers to the Bank of England, by a wide extension of the powers of the Treasury to cover much domestic policy and by transferring responsibility for banking supervision to the Financial Services Authority. Controversial moves included the abolition of advance corporation tax relief in his first budget, and the removal in his final budget of the 10% \"starting rate\" of personal income tax which he had introduced in 1999. In 2007, Tony Blair resigned as Prime Minister and Labour Leader and Brown was chosen to replace him in an uncontested election.
/m/03c7ln	Jay Walter Bennett was an American guitarist, multi-instrumentalist, engineer, producer, and singer-songwriter, best known for his work with the band Wilco.
/m/01hnb	Bob Jones University is a private, non-denominational Protestant university in Greenville, South Carolina.\nThe university was founded in 1927 by evangelist Bob Jones, Sr.. Stephen Jones is the great-grandson of the founder and was the fourth consecutive member of the Jones family to serve as president. He resigned in December 2013, the resignation to be effective in May 2014.\nSince 2005 BJU has been accredited by the Transnational Association of Christian Colleges and Schools. The university enrolls approximately 3,800 students representing every state and fifty foreign countries, employs a staff of 1,450, and conducts precollege education from pre-kindergarten through high school. In 2008, the university estimated the number of its graduates at 35,000.\nBJU's athletic teams compete in Division I of the National Christian College Athletic Association and are collectively known as the Bruins.
/m/012xdf	Shaquille Rashaun O'Neal, nicknamed Shaq, is an American retired basketball player, former rapper and current analyst on the television program Inside the NBA. Standing 7 ft 1 in tall and weighing 325 pounds, he was one of the heaviest players ever to play in the NBA. Throughout his 19-year career, O'Neal used his size and strength to overpower opponents for points and rebounds.\nFollowing his career at Louisiana State University, O'Neal was drafted by the Orlando Magic with the first overall pick in the 1992 NBA Draft. He quickly became one of the top centers in the league, winning Rookie of the Year in 1992–93 and later leading his team to the 1995 NBA Finals. After four years with the Magic, O'Neal signed as a free agent with the Los Angeles Lakers. They won three consecutive championships in 2000, 2001, and 2002. Amid tension between O'Neal and Kobe Bryant, O'Neal was traded to the Miami Heat in 2004, and his fourth NBA championship followed in 2006. Midway through the 2007–2008 season he was traded to the Phoenix Suns. After a season-and-a-half with the Suns, O'Neal was traded to the Cleveland Cavaliers in the 2009–10 season. O'Neal played for the Boston Celtics in the 2010–11 season before retiring.
/m/025ygqm	The 2004 Major League Baseball season ended when the Boston Red Sox defeated the St. Louis Cardinals in a four-game World Series sweep. This season was particularly notable since the Red Sox championship broke the 86-year-long popular myth known as the Curse of the Bambino. The Red Sox were also the third sports team to ever come back from a 3–0 postseason series deficit, in the ALCS against the New York Yankees.
/m/0pr6f	Children's television series are television programs designed for, and marketed to children, normally scheduled for broadcast during the morning and afternoon when children are awake. They can sometimes run in the early evening, allowing children to watch them after school. The purpose of the shows is mainly to entertain and sometimes to educate.
/m/0948xk	Anthony Charles Lynton Blair is a British Labour Party politician who served as the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1997 to 2007. He was the Member of Parliament for Sedgefield from 1983 to 2007 and Leader of the Labour Party from 1994 to 2007. Blair led Labour to a landslide victory in the 1997 general election, winning 418 seats, the most the party has ever held. The party went on to win two more elections under his leadership, in 2001 and 2005, with a significantly reduced majority in the latter.\nBlair was elected Labour Party leader in the leadership election of July 1994, following the sudden death of his predecessor, John Smith. Under his leadership, the party used the phrase \"New Labour\" to distance it from previous Labour policies. Blair declared opposition to the traditional conception of socialism, and declared support for a new conception that he referred to as \"social-ism\", involving politics that recognised individuals as socially interdependent, and advocated social justice, cohesion, equal worth of each citizen, and equal opportunity. Critics of Blair denounced him for having the Labour Party abandon genuine socialism and accepting capitalism.
/m/0s4sj	Elgin is a city in Cook and Kane counties in the northern part of the U.S. state of Illinois. Located roughly 35 mi northwest of Chicago, it lies along the Fox River. As of 2012, the city had a total population of 109,927, making it the eighth-largest city in Illinois.
/m/02xry	Florida is a state in the southeastern region of the United States, bordered to the west by the Gulf of Mexico, to the north by Alabama and Georgia, to the east by the Atlantic Ocean, and to the south by the Straits of Florida. Florida is the 22nd most extensive, the 4th most populous, and the 8th most densely populated of the 50 United States. The state capital is Tallahassee, the largest city is Jacksonville, and the largest metropolitan area is the Miami metropolitan area.\nMuch of Florida is a peninsula between the Gulf of Mexico, the Atlantic Ocean, and the Straits of Florida. Its geography is notable for a coastline, omnipresent water and the threat of hurricanes. Florida has the longest coastline in the contiguous United States, encompassing approximately 1,350 miles, and is the only state that borders both the Gulf of Mexico and the Atlantic Ocean. Much of the state is at or near sea level and is characterized by sedimentary soil. The climate varies from subtropical in the north to tropical in the south. Some of its most iconic animals, such as the American alligator, crocodile, Florida panther and the manatee, can be found in the Everglades National Park.\nSince the first European contact was made in 1513 by Spanish explorer Juan Ponce de León – who named it La Florida upon landing there during the Easter season, Pascua Florida – Florida was a challenge for the European colonial powers before it gained statehood in the United States in 1845. It was a principal location of the Seminole Wars against the Indians, and racial segregation after the American Civil War. Today, it is distinguished by its large Hispanic community, and high population growth, as well as its increasing environmental concerns. Its economy relies mainly on tourism, agriculture, and transportation, which developed in the late 19th century. Florida is also known for its amusement parks, the production of oranges, and the Kennedy Space Center.
/m/0gslw	The South Island or Te Waipounamu is the larger of the two major islands of New Zealand, the other being the more populous North Island. It is bordered to the north by Cook Strait, to the west by the Tasman Sea, to the south and east by the Pacific Ocean. The South Island covers 150,437 square kilometres and is influenced by a temperate climate.\nAs it has a 33% larger landmass than the North Island it is often known as the \"mainland\", however only 23% of New Zealand's 4.5 million inhabitants live in the South Island. In the early stages of European settlement of the country, the South Island had the majority of the European population and wealth due to the 1860s gold rushes. The North Island population overtook the South in the early 20th century, with 56% of the population living in the North in 1911, and the drift north of people and businesses continued throughout the century.
/m/01hnp	The British Empire comprised the dominions, colonies, protectorates, mandates and other territories ruled or administered by the United Kingdom. It originated with the overseas possessions and trading posts established by England between the late 16th and early 18th centuries. At its height, it was the largest empire in history and, for over a century, was the foremost global power. By 1922 the British Empire held sway over about 458 million people, one-fifth of the world's population at the time. The empire covered more than 33,700,000 km², almost a quarter of the Earth's total land area. As a result, its political, legal, linguistic and cultural legacy is widespread. At the peak of its power, the phrase \"the empire on which the sun never sets\" was often used to describe the British Empire, because its expanse across the globe meant that the sun was always shining on at least one of its territories.\nDuring the Age of Discovery in the 15th and 16th centuries, Portugal and Spain pioneered European exploration of the globe, and in the process established large overseas empires. Envious of the great wealth these empires generated, England, France, and the Netherlands began to establish colonies and trade networks of their own in the Americas and Asia. A series of wars in the 17th and 18th centuries with the Netherlands and France left England the dominant colonial power in North America and India.
/m/04rlf	Music is an art form whose medium is sound and silence. Its common elements are pitch, rhythm, dynamics, and the sonic qualities of timbre and texture. The word derives from Greek μουσική.\nThe creation, performance, significance, and even the definition of music vary according to culture and social context. Music ranges from strictly organized compositions, through improvisational music to aleatoric forms. Music can be divided into genres and subgenres, although the dividing lines and relationships between music genres are often subtle, sometimes open to personal interpretation, and occasionally controversial. Within the arts, music may be classified as a performing art, a fine art, and auditory art. It may also be divided among art music and folk music. There is also a strong connection between music and mathematics. Music may be played and heard live, may be part of a dramatic work or film, or may be recorded.\nTo many people in many cultures, music is an important part of their way of life. Ancient Greek and Indian philosophers defined music as tones ordered horizontally as melodies and vertically as harmonies. Common sayings such as \"the harmony of the spheres\" and \"it is music to my ears\" point to the notion that music is often ordered and pleasant to listen to. However, 20th-century composer John Cage thought that any sound can be music, saying, for example, \"There is no noise, only sound.\" Musicologist Jean-Jacques Nattiez summarizes the relativist, post-modern viewpoint: \"The border between music and noise is always culturally defined—which implies that, even within a single society, this border does not always pass through the same place; in short, there is rarely a consensus ... By all accounts there is no single and intercultural universal concept defining what music might be.\"
/m/0h21v2	Poltergeist is a 1982 American supernatural horror film, directed by Tobe Hooper and co-written and produced by Steven Spielberg. It is the first and most successful entry in the Poltergeist film series. Set in a California suburb, the plot focuses on a family whose home is invaded by malevolent ghosts that abduct the family's youngest daughter.\nThe film was ranked as #80 on Bravo's 100 Scariest Movie Moments and the Chicago Film Critics Association named it the 20th scariest film ever made. The film also appeared at #84 on American Film Institute's 100 Years...100 Thrills, a list of America's most heart-pounding movies. Poltergeist was nominated for three Academy Awards.\nThe Poltergeist franchise is believed by some to be cursed due to the premature deaths of several people associated with the film, a notion that was the focus of an E! True Hollywood Story.\nA remake of the film and a reboot of the Poltergeist series will start production sometime in the fall, and is expected to be released in theaters February 13th, 2015.
/m/03pn9	The Second Polish Republic, Second Commonwealth of Poland or \"interwar Poland\" refers to the country of Poland between the First and Second World Wars. Officially known as the Republic of Poland or the Commonwealth of Poland, the Polish state was created in 1918, in the aftermath of World War I. When, after several regional conflicts, the borders of the state were fixed in 1922, Poland's neighbours were Czechoslovakia, Germany, the Free City of Danzig, Lithuania, Latvia, Romania and the Soviet Union. It had access to the Baltic Sea via a short strip of coastline either side of the city of Gdynia. Between March and August 1939, Poland also shared a border with the then-Hungarian province of Carpathian Ruthenia. Despite internal and external pressures, it continued to exist until 1939, when Poland was invaded by Nazi Germany, the Soviet Union and the Slovak Republic, marking the beginning of World War II in Europe. The Second Republic was significantly different in territory to the current Polish state, controlling substantially more territory in the east and less in the west.\nThe Second Republic's land area was 388,634 km², making it, in October 1938, the sixth largest country in Europe. After the annexation of Zaolzie, this grew to 389,720 km². According to the 1921 census, the number of inhabitants was 27.2 million. By 1939, just before the outbreak of World War II, this had grown to an estimated 35.1 million. Almost a third of population came from minority groups: 13.9% Ukrainians; 10% Jews; 3.1% Belarusians; 2.3% Germans and 3.4% percent Czechs, Lithuanians and Russians. At the same time, a significant number of ethnic Poles lived outside the country borders, many in the Soviet Union. The Republic endured and expanded despite a variety of difficulties: the aftermath of World War I, including conflicts with Ukraine, with Czechoslovakia, with Lithuania and with Soviet Russia and Ukraine; the Greater Poland and Silesian Uprisings; and increasing hostility from Nazi Germany.
/m/03q43g	William Emerson \"Will\" Arnett is a Canadian actor, known for his comedic roles as George Oscar \"G.O.B.\" Bluth II in the Fox show Arrested Development, Devon Banks in the NBC show 30 Rock, Chris Brinkley in Up All Night and Nathan Miller in the CBS television series The Millers. He played supporting roles in the IFC series The Increasingly Poor Decisions of Todd Margaret and films such as Semi-Pro, Blades of Glory, RV, Hot Rod, Let's Go to Prison and The Brothers Solomon. Arnett is also a voice actor for commercials, animated films, television cartoons, and video games.
/m/01cr28	Kazan is the capital and largest city of the Republic of Tatarstan, Russia. With a population of 1,143,535, it is the eighth most populous city in Russia. Kazan lies at the confluence of the Volga and Kazanka Rivers in European Russia.\nThe Kazan Kremlin is a World Heritage Site. In 2005, the Medal \"In Commemoration of the 1000th Anniversary of Kazan\" was established by Russia to denote this landmark event. The multi-ethnic city is honored by UNESCO and famous for Muslims and Christians living side-by-side in peace.\nIn April 2009, the Russian Patent Office granted Kazan the right to brand itself as the \"Third Capital\" of Russia. In 2009 it was chosen as the \"Sports capital of Russia\" and it still is referred to as such. The city hosted the 2013 Summer Universiade and will host the 2014 World Fencing Championships, 2015 World Aquatics Championships, and 2018 FIFA World Cup.
/m/0bsnm	Concordia University is a Canadian public research university in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. Founded in 1974 following the merger of Loyola College and Sir George Williams University, Concordia is one of the two universities in Montreal where English is the primary language of instruction. As of the 2011-2012 academic year, there were 45,954 students enrolled at Concordia, making the university among the largest in Canada by enrollment. The university has two campuses, set approximately seven km apart: Sir George Williams Campus in the downtown core of Montreal, in an area known as Quartier Concordia and Loyola Campus in the residential district of Notre-Dame-de-Grâce. With four faculties, a school of graduate studies and numerous colleges, centres and institutes, Concordia offers over 300 undergraduate and 100 graduate programs and courses.\nConcordia was ranked 7th among Canadian universities in the International Professional Classification of Higher Education Institutions, a worldwide ranking compiled by the École des Mines de Paris taking into account the number of graduates occupying the rank of Chief Executive Officer at Fortune 500 companies. The university was ranked 13th among Canada's comprehensive universities in the Maclean's 23rd annual rankings. Internationally, Concordia was ranked 481-490th overall in the 2013 QS World University Rankings. Nationally, the 2012 Higher Education Strategy Associates' university rankings placed Concordia 9th in the field of social science and 20th in science and engineering. The university's John Molson School of Business is consistently ranked within the top ten Canadian business schools, and within the top 100 worldwide.
/m/0nzlp	Gwinnett County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia, named for Button Gwinnett, one of the signers of the Declaration of Independence. The county is the Atlanta metropolitan area's north-eastern link to Interstate 85, and is the second most populous county in the state, after Fulton County, with an estimated population of 805,321.\nIts county seat is Lawrenceville.
/m/02b6n9	Boogie Nights is a 1997 American drama film written and directed by Paul Thomas Anderson. Set in Los Angeles' San Fernando Valley, the script focuses on a young nightclub dishwasher, Eddie Adams, who becomes a popular star of pornographic films, chronicling his rise in the Golden Age of Porn of the 1970s through his fall during the excesses of the 1980s. The film also features cameos by porn actresses Nina Hartley and Veronica Hart. The film is an expansion of Anderson's short film The Dirk Diggler Story.
/m/0136pk	Clyde Jackson Browne is an American singer-songwriter and musician who has sold over 18 million albums in the United States. Coming to prominence in the 1970s, Browne has written and recorded songs such as \"These Days\", \"The Pretender\", \"Running on Empty\", \"Lawyers In Love\", \"Doctor My Eyes\", \"Take It Easy\", \"For a Rocker\", and \"Somebody's Baby\". In 2004, he was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in Cleveland, Ohio, as well as bestowed an Honorary Doctorate of Music by Occidental College in Los Angeles, California.
/m/06hgj	Robert\nAnton Wilson or RAW was a\nprolific American novelist, essayist, philosopher, psychologist,\nfuturologist, anarchist, and conspiracy theory researcher. His writing,\nwhich often shows a sense of humor and optimism, is described by him as\nan \"attempt to break down conditioned associations--to look at the\nworld in a new way, with many models recognized as models (maps) and no\none model elevated to the Truth.\" And: \"My goal is to try to get\npeople into a state of generalized agnosticism, not agnosticism about\nGod alone, but agnosticism about everything.\"
/m/015zyd	The California Institute of the Arts, colloquially called CalArts, is a private university located in Valencia, in Los Angeles County, California. It was incorporated in 1961 as the first degree-granting institution of higher learning in the United States created specifically for students of both the visual and the performing arts. It is authorized by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges to grant Bachelor of Fine Arts and Master of Fine Arts in the visual, performing, and as of 1994, literary arts. The Herb Alpert School of Music was accredited in 2009 to grant a Doctor of Musical Arts.\nThe school was founded and created by Walt Disney in the early 1960s and staffed by a diverse array of professionals. The institute was started as Disney's dream of an interdisciplinary \"Caltech of the arts.\" CalArts provides a collaborative environment for a diversity of artists. Students are free to develop their own work in a workshop atmosphere.
/m/02hqt6	The Portland Pirates are a minor professional ice hockey team in the American Hockey League. They are the top affiliate of the Phoenix Coyotes of the National Hockey League. Until the 2013–2014 season, their home arena is the Cumberland County Civic Center in downtown Portland, Maine, though due to renovations and a lease dispute they played their 2013-14 season at the Androscoggin Bank Colisée in Lewiston. The franchise was previously known as the Baltimore Skipjacks from 1982 to 1993. Previously, the Pirates were affiliated with the Washington Capitals, the Anaheim Ducks and the Buffalo Sabres.
/m/0h9vh	Guangdong is a province on the South China Sea coast of the People's Republic of China. Guangdong is also known as Canton or Kwangtung Province in English. It surpassed Henan and Sichuan to become the most populous province in China in January 2005, registering 79.1 million permanent residents and 31 million migrants who lived in the province for at least six months of the year; the total population is 104,303,132 as of 2010 census, accounting for 7.79% of Mainland China's population. The provincial capital Guangzhou and economic hub Shenzhen are among the most populous and important cities in China.\nSince 1989 Guangdong has topped the total GDP rankings among all provincial-level divisions, with Jiangsu and Shandong second and third in rank. According to state statistics, Guangdong's GDP in 2011 reached CNY 5,267 billion, or USD 815.53 billion, making its economy roughly the same size as Netherlands. Furthermore, its 2011 nominal GDP is well over half of India's using 2012 exchange rates. Guangdong has the fourth highest GDP per capita among all provinces of mainland China, after Jiangsu, Zhejiang and Liaoning. The province contributes approximately 12% of the PRC's national economic output, and is home to the production facilities and offices of a wide-ranging set of multinational and Chinese corporations. Guangdong also hosts the largest Import and Export Fair in China called the Canton Fair in Guangdong's capital city Guangzhou.
/m/02rsln_	The 1988 Major League Baseball season ended with the underdog Los Angeles Dodgers shocking the Oakland Athletics, who had won 104 games during the regular season, in the World Series. The most memorable moment of the series came in Game 1, when injured Dodger Kirk Gibson hit a dramatic pinch-hit walk-off home run off Athletics closer Dennis Eckersley to win the game for Los Angeles. The Dodgers went on to win the Series in five games.
/m/01cw6l	Changsha is the capital city of Hunan, in south-central China, located on the lower reaches of Xiang River, a branch of the Yangtze River. Its municipality covers an area of 11,819 square kilometres and, according to the 2010 Census, a population of 7,044,118 inhabitants.\nChangsha was important from the time of the Qin dynasty. In AD 750–1100 Changsha was a major commercial hub, and its population increased greatly. Under the Qing dynasty, from 1664, it was the capital of Hunan province, and it was a major rice market. It was besieged during the Taiping Rebellion but never fell. Changsha was the site of Mao Zedong's conversion to communism. It was the scene of major battles in the Sino-Japanese War of 1937–45 and was briefly occupied by the Japanese. Rebuilt since 1949, the city is now a major interior port and a commercial and industrial center.
/m/02f72n	The following is a list of MTV Video Music Awards winners for Best Visual Effects in a Video, a category that has been given out almost every year since the first ceremony in 1984. From 1984 to 2011, though, the award was named Best Special Effects in a Video, and it was not until 2012 that it acquired its current name.\nThe award's biggest winner is singer Peter Gabriel, who has received this award three times. Meanwhile, with six nominations, rapper Missy Elliott is the most nominated artist in the award's history. Right behind her are the aforementioned Gabriel and U2, who received four nominations each.\nOn the side of the professionals, meanwhile, only two have won this award multiple times: director Jim Blashfield and special effects artist Sean Broughton, each of whom won twice. In terms of nominations, on the other hand, there is also a tie for most nominated between special effects supervisors David Yardley and Fred Raimondi as well as the Brothers Strause-headed studio Pixel Envy, for all three are quadruple nominees.
/m/02dztn	Martin Patterson \"Pat\" Hingle was an American actor.
/m/09n5t_	Americana is an amalgam of roots music formed by the confluence of the shared and varied traditions that make up the American musical ethos; specifically those sounds that are merged from folk, country, blues, rhythm and blues, rock and roll and other external influences. Americana, as defined by the Americana Music Association, is \"contemporary music that incorporates elements of various American roots music styles, including country, roots-rock, folk, bluegrass, R&B and blues, resulting in a distinctive roots-oriented sound that lives in a world apart from the pure forms of the genres upon which it may draw. While acoustic instruments are often present and vital, Americana also often uses a full electric band.\"
/m/0bs8s1p	We Need to Talk About Kevin is a 2011 British-American drama film that incorporates elements of the horror and thriller genres, directed by Lynne Ramsay and adapted from Lionel Shriver's novel of the same name. A long process of development and financing began in 2005, with filming commencing in April 2010.\nTilda Swinton stars as the mother of Kevin, struggling to come to terms with her son and the horrors he has committed. The film premiered at the 2011 Cannes Film Festival and was released in the United Kingdom on 21 October 2011.
/m/0cv72h	Brett Lorenzo Favre is a former American football quarterback who spent the majority of his career with the Green Bay Packers of the National Football League. He was a 20-year veteran of the NFL, having played quarterback for the Atlanta Falcons, Green Bay Packers, New York Jets, and Minnesota Vikings. Favre is the only quarterback in NFL history to throw for over 70,000 yards, over 500 touchdowns, over 300 interceptions, over 6,000 completions, and over 10,000 pass attempts.\nFavre started at the quarterback position for the University of Southern Mississippi for four years before being selected in the second round of the 1991 NFL Draft by Atlanta. He was traded to Green Bay on February 10, 1992, for the 19th pick in the 1992 NFL Draft.\nFavre became the Packers' starting quarterback in the fourth game of the 1992 season, stepping in for injured quarterback Don Majkowski, and started every game through the 2007 season. He was traded to the New York Jets and started at quarterback for the 2008 season before signing with the Vikings on August 18, 2009 as their starting quarterback. He made an NFL record 297 consecutive starts.
/m/033th	First-person shooter is a video game genre centered on gun and projectile weapon-based combat through a first-person perspective; that is, the player experiences the action through the eyes of the protagonist, and in some cases, the antagonist. The first-person shooter shares common traits with other shooter games, which in turn fall under the heading action game. From the genre's inception, advanced 3D or pseudo-3D graphics have challenged hardware development, and multiplayer gaming has been integral.\nThe first-person shooter has since been traced as far back as Maze War, development of which began in 1973, and 1974's Spasim. The genre coalesced with 1992's Wolfenstein 3D, which has been credited with creating the genre proper and the basic archetype upon which subsequent titles were based. One such title, and the progenitor of the genre's wider mainstream acceptance and popularity was Doom, released the following year and perhaps the most influential first-person shooter. 1998's Half-Life - along with its 2004 sequel Half-Life 2 - enhanced the narrative and puzzle elements. GoldenEye 007 was a first landmark first-person shooter for home consoles, with the Halo series heightening the console's commercial and critical appeal as a platform for first-person shooter titles. In the 21st century, the first-person shooter is the most commercially viable video game genre, as well as being the genre that has taken more market share of any other genre in the gaming industry.
/m/076689	Harold V. Goldstein, PhD, best known by his stage name Harold Gould, was an American actor best known for playing Miles Webber on the 1985-1992 sitcom The Golden Girls and Martin Morgenstern in the 1970s sitcom Rhoda. Gould acted in film and television for nearly 50 years, appearing in more than 300 television shows, 20 major motion pictures, and over 100 stage plays, and received Emmy Award nominations five times. He is known for playing elegant, well-dressed men, and he regularly played Jewish characters and grandfather-type figures on television and film.
/m/0cz_ym	American Gangster is a 2007 American biographical drama crime film directed by Ridley Scott and written by Steve Zaillian. The film is based on the criminal career of Frank Lucas, a gangster from La Grange, North Carolina who smuggled heroin into the United States on American service planes returning from the Vietnam War before being detained by a task force led by detective Richie Roberts. It features Russell Crowe and Denzel Washington in their first leading roles together since Virtuosity, with Ted Levine, John Ortiz, Josh Brolin, Chiwetel Ejiofor, Norman Reedus, Ruby Dee, Lymari Nadal and Cuba Gooding, Jr. in supporting roles.\nDevelopment for the film initially began in 2000, when Universal Pictures and Imagine Entertainment purchased the rights to a New York magazine story about the rise and fall of Lucas. Two years later, screenwriter Steven Zaillian introduced a 170-page scriptment to Scott. Original production plans were to commence in Toronto for budget purposes; however, production eventually relocated permanently to New York City. Because of the film's rising budget Universal canceled production in 2004. After negotiations with Terry George, it was later revived with Scott at the helm in March 2005. Principal photography commenced over a period of five months from July to December 2006; filming took place throughout New York City and concluded in Thailand.
/m/01mkn_d	John C. Debney is an American film composer. He received an Academy Award nomination for his score for Mel Gibson's The Passion of the Christ. He also composed the score for Cutthroat Island, which has been celebrated by music critics as a notable example of swashbuckling film music.
/m/09bkv	Westminster is a central London area within the City of Westminster lying on the River Thames' north bank, centred 1.8 miles southwest by west from the City of London's St Paul's Cathedral, and locally 0.58 miles southwest by south from Charing Cross. Westminster's concentration of visitor attractions and historic landmarks, one of the highest in London, includes the Palace of Westminster, Buckingham Palace, Westminster Abbey and Westminster Cathedral.\nHistorically within St Margaret's parish, City & Liberty of Westminster, Middlesex and the name Westminster is from an ancient description for Westminster Abbey's surrounds, literally West Minster or, before the abbey, monastery church. Pre-dating its being the seat of British government, it has continuously been the home of England's government since about 1200, High Middle Ages' Plantagenet times.\nIn a governmental context, Westminster often refers to Parliament itself, by virtue of its UNESCO World Heritage Palace of Westminster location. Also known as the Houses of Parliament, the closest tube stations are: Westminster, St James Park and Waterloo.
/m/018cwm	Nonviolence is the personal practice of being harmless to self and others under every condition. It comes from the belief that hurting people, animals or the environment is unnecessary to achieve an outcome and refers to a general philosophy of abstention from violence based on moral, religious or spiritual principles.\nFor some, the philosophy of nonviolence is rooted in the simple belief that God is harmless. Mahavira,the twenty-fourth \"tirthankara\" of Jain religion was the Torch-bearer of \"Ahimsa\" and introduced the word to world in large and applied in his life. Therefore, to more strongly connect with God, one must likewise be harmless. Nonviolence also has 'active' or 'activist' elements, in that believers accept the need for nonviolence as a means to achieve political and social change. Thus, for example, the Gandhian ahimsa is a philosophy and strategy for social change that rejects the use of violence, but at the same time sees nonviolent action as an alternative to passive acceptance of oppression or armed struggle against it. In general, advocates of an activist philosophy of nonviolence use diverse methods in their campaigns for social change, including critical forms of education and persuasion, mass noncooperation civil disobedience and nonviolent direct action and social, political, cultural and economic forms of intervention.
/m/09v6tz	Eric Roth is an American screenwriter. He won the Oscar for Best Adapted Screenplay for Forrest Gump. He also co-wrote the screenplays for several Oscar-nominated films: Michael Mann's The Insider, Steven Spielberg's Munich, and David Fincher's The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
/m/0244r8	Lisa Gerrard is an Australian musician, singer and composer who rose to prominence as part of the music group Dead Can Dance with music partner Brendan Perry.\nSince her career began in 1981, Gerrard has been involved in a wide range of projects. She received a Golden Globe Award for the music score to the film Gladiator, on which she collaborated with Hans Zimmer. In addition to singing, she is an instrumentalist for much of her work, most prolifically using the yangqin.
/m/03r1pr	Stanley Winston was an American television and film special effects supervisor and makeup artist. He was best known for his work in the Terminator series, the Jurassic Park series, Aliens, the Predator series, Iron Man, Edward Scissorhands, and Avatar. He won four Academy Awards for his work.\nWinston, a frequent collaborator with director James Cameron, owned several effects studios, including Stan Winston Digital. The established areas of expertise for Winston were in makeup, puppets and practical effects, but he had recently expanded his studio to encompass digital effects as well.
/m/0k0r0n7	Electro house is a hard form of house music. Electro house's origin is obscure, with varying influence attributed to electro, electroclash, pop, synthpop, and tech house. The term has been used to describe the music of many DJ Mag Top 100 DJs, including Deadmau5, Dimitri Vegas & Like Mike, Hardwell, Kaskade, Knife Party, Madeon, Porter Robinson, and Zedd.
/m/01h72l	Futurama is an American adult animated science fiction sitcom created by Matt Groening and developed by Groening and David X. Cohen for the Fox Broadcasting Company. The series follows the adventures of a late-20th-century New York City pizza delivery boy, Philip J. Fry, who, after being unwittingly cryogenically frozen for one thousand years, finds employment at Planet Express, an interplanetary delivery company in the retro-futuristic 31st century. The series was envisioned by Groening in the late 1990s while working on The Simpsons, later bringing Cohen aboard to develop storylines and characters to pitch the show to Fox.\nIn the United States, the series aired on Fox from March 28, 1999, to August 10, 2003, before ceasing production. Futurama was then aired in reruns on Cartoon Network's Adult Swim from 2003 to 2007, until the network's contract expired. It was revived in 2008 as four direct-to-video films; the last of which was released in early 2009. Comedy Central entered into an agreement with 20th Century Fox Television to syndicate the existing episodes and air the films as 16 new, half-hour episodes, constituting a fifth season.\nIn June 2009, producing studio 20th Century Fox announced that Comedy Central had picked up the show for 26 new half-hour episodes, which began airing in 2010 and 2011. The show was renewed for a seventh season, with the first half airing in June 2012 and the second set for early summer 2013. It was later revealed that the seventh season would be the final season, as Comedy Central announced that they would not be commissioning any further episodes. The series finale aired on September 4, 2013, though Groening has said he will try to get it picked up by another network.
/m/04n1q6	A provost is the senior academic administrator at many institutions of higher education in the United States and Canada, the equivalent of a pro-vice-chancellor at some institutions in the United Kingdom and Ireland or a Deputy Vice-Chancellor at most Australian universities.\nAdditionally, the heads of certain colleges in the UK and Ireland are called provosts. In this sense, a provost is the equivalent of a master at other colleges.
/m/04j0s3	Ekta Kapoor is an Indian TV and film producer. She is the Joint Managing Director and Creative Director of Balaji Telefilms, her production company.
/m/02f72_	The following is a list of MTV Video Music Award winners for Best Art Direction in a Video. The Red Hot Chili Peppers are the biggest winners in this category, winning all three of their nominations in 1992, 2000, and 2006. The most nominated artist, however, is Madonna, who has six nominations in this category, followed by Aerosmith with four.\nMeanwhile, as for the professionals, production designer K. K. Barrett is the only person to have won this award more than once, taking home two back-to-back Moonmen in 1996 and 1997. The most nominated art directors, though, are Tom Foden and Laura Fox, each with four nominations. Closely following them are three-time nominees K. K. Barrett, Bryan Jones and Nigel Phelps.
/m/0136p1	LaDonna Adrian Gaines, known by her stage name, Donna Sommer, later Donna Summer, was an American singer and songwriter who gained prominence during the disco era of the late 1970s. A five-time Grammy Award winner, Summer was the first artist to have three consecutive double albums reach number one on the United States Billboard album chart and charted four number-one singles in the United States within a 13-month period. Summer has sold over 100 million records, making her one of the world's best-selling artists of all time.\nBorn into a devoutly Christian middle-class family in Boston, Massachusetts, Summer first became involved with singing through church choir groups before joining a number of bands influenced by the Motown Sound. Also influenced by the counterculture of the 1960s, she became the front singer of a psychedelic rock band named Crow and moved to New York City. Joining a touring version of the musical Hair, she left New York and spent several years living, acting, and singing in West Germany, where she met music producer Giorgio Moroder. Also while in Europe, she married Helmut Sommer. After their divorce, she would keep his surname for her stage name; dropping the \"o\" and replacing it with a \"u\" for \"Summer\".
/m/06_y0kx	The Benjamin Franklin Medal is a science and engineering award presented since 1824 by the Franklin Institute, of Philadelphia, PA, USA.
/m/01yqqv	Bradley University is a private, mid-sized university in Peoria, Illinois. Founded in 1897, Bradley College currently enrolls 5,700 students.
/m/05_pkf	Randy Edelman is an American film and television score composer.
/m/01kgv4	Joshua Daniel \"Josh\" Hartnett is an American actor and producer. He first came to attention in 1997 for his role as Michael Fitzgerald in the television series Cracker. He made his feature film debut in 1998 in Halloween H20: 20 Years Later, followed by teen roles in films such as The Faculty and The Virgin Suicides. Hartnett has since gone on to further fame for his roles in films such as Pearl Harbor, O, Black Hawk Down, 40 Days and 40 Nights, and 30 Days of Night.
/m/0b6jkkg	The Filmfare Best Film Award is given by the Filmfare magazine as part of its annual Filmfare Awards for Hindi films.\nThe award was first given in 1954. Here is a list of the award winners and the nominees of the respective years. Each individual entry shows the title followed by the production company, and the producer.
/m/0xms9	West Orange is a township in central Essex County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, the township's population was 46,207, reflecting an increase of 1,264 from the 44,943 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn increased by 5,840 from the 39,103 counted in the 1990 Census.\nThe township is set off by two large parks: the South Mountain Reservation along its southwestern borders with Maplewood and Millburn, and the Eagle Rock Reservation along its northeastern borders with Montclair and Verona. The township straddles the transition between the low-lying Newark Bay basin and the high terrain of the Watchung Mountains.
/m/07bcn	Sacramento is the capital city of the U.S. state of California and the seat of government of Sacramento County. It is at the confluence of the Sacramento River and the American River in the northern portion of California's expansive Central Valley. With an estimated 2011 population of 477,892, it is the sixth-largest city in California and the 35th largest city in the United States. Sacramento is the core cultural and economic center of the Sacramento metropolitan area which includes seven counties with an estimated 2009 population of 2,527,123. Its metropolitan area is the fourth largest in California after the Greater Los Angeles Area, San Francisco Bay Area, and the San Diego metropolitan area, as well as the 27th largest in the United States. In 2002, the Civil Rights Project at Harvard University conducted for TIME magazine named Sacramento “America’s Most Diverse City.”\nSacramento became a city through the efforts of the Swiss immigrant John Sutter, Sr., his son John Sutter, Jr., and James W. Marshall. Sacramento grew quickly thanks to the protection of Sutter's Fort, which was established by Sutter in 1839. During the California Gold Rush, Sacramento was a major distribution point, a commercial and agricultural center, and a terminus for wagon trains, stagecoaches, riverboats, the telegraph, the Pony Express, and the First Transcontinental Railroad.
/m/01rnly	The Cotton Club is a 1984 crime-drama, centered on a Harlem jazz club of the 1930s, the Cotton Club.\nThe movie was co-written and directed by Francis Ford Coppola, choreographed by Henry LeTang, and starred Richard Gere, Gregory Hines, Diane Lane, and Lonette McKee. The supporting cast included Bob Hoskins, James Remar, Nicolas Cage, Allen Garfield, Laurence Fishburne, Gwen Verdon and Fred Gwynne.\nDespite performing poorly at the box office, the film was nominated for several awards, including Golden Globes for Best Director and Best Picture and Oscars for Best Art Direction and Film Editing. The film, however, also earned a Razzie Award nomination for Diane Lane as Worst Supporting Actress.\nThe Cotton Club was privately financed, paid for almost entirely by brothers Fred and Ed Doumani of Las Vegas. The movie was not successful, making only $25,928,721 on a budget of over $50 million.
/m/027rpym	Oklahoma! is a 1955 musical film based on the 1943 stage musical Oklahoma!, written by composer Richard Rodgers and lyricist/librettist Oscar Hammerstein II and starring Gordon MacRae, Shirley Jones, Rod Steiger, Charlotte Greenwood, Gloria Grahame, Gene Nelson, James Whitmore and Eddie Albert. The production was the only musical directed by Fred Zinnemann. Oklahoma! was the first feature film photographed in the Todd-AO 70 mm widescreen process.\nThe film received a rave review from the New York Times and was voted a \"New York Times Critics Pick\".\nIn 2007, Oklahoma! was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant\".
/m/04zl8	Monty Python and the Holy Grail is a 1975 British comedy film written and performed by the comedy group of Monty Python, as directed by Gilliam and Jones. It was conceived during the hiatus between the third and fourth series of their popular BBC television programme Monty Python's Flying Circus.\nIn contrast to the group's first film, And Now for Something Completely Different, a compilation of sketches from the first two television series, Holy Grail was composed of new material, and is therefore considered the first \"proper\" film by the group. It generally parodies the legend of King Arthur's quest to find the Holy Grail. The film was a success on its initial release, and Idle used the film as the inspiration for the 2005 Tony Award-winning musical Spamalot.\nThe film was a box-office success, grossing the highest of any British film exhibited in the U.S. in 1975. It has remained popular since then, receiving positive reviews. The film received a 97% \"Fresh\" rating on Rotten Tomatoes, with the consensus; \"a cult classic as gut-bustingly hilarious as it is blithely ridiculous\". In the U.S, the film was selected as the second best comedy of all time in the ABC special Best in Film: The Greatest Movies of Our Time; in the UK, readers of Total Film magazine ranked the film the fifth greatest comedy film of all time, and a similar poll of Channel 4 viewers placed the film sixth.
/m/0hnws	Adrian Petriw is the voice of Tony Stark in Iron Man: Armored Adventures.\r\n\r\nHe was a charming, freewheeling genius, but TONY STARK's wealthy life of luxury came to an end the day he lost his father in a tragic accident. Now dependent on his own impressive technology for survival and dedicated to battling corruption as Iron Man, the once rebellious Tony must reconcile the pressures of his teenage life with his duties as a Super Hero. Thankfully, Tony has the support of his friends, Rhodey and Pepper, when saving the world - or attending high school - proves too treacherous to face alone!
/m/02lv2v	Pace University is a private university in the New York metropolitan area with campuses in New York City and Westchester County, New York.
/m/01qmy04	Draco Cornelius Rosa Suárez, also known as Robi Draco Rosa, Draco Rosa or simply Draco, is a Puerto Rican, multiple-time Grammy and Latin Grammy winning musician, singer-songwriter, composer, multi-instrumentalist, record producer, poet and entrepreneur.\nRosa originally garnered fame as a member of boy band Menudo in the 1980s, singing lead on the band's biggest stateside hit, \"Hold Me\" and featuring prominently in the accompanying music video. After leaving the band he moved to Brazil where he released two albums, achieving mainstream success. Afterwards he moved to California and formed the band Maggie's Dream, which split after only one album, allowing him to resume his solo career. The singer and composer has released numerous studio and experimental albums, and has composed multiple songs for Ednita Nazario, Julio Iglesias and former Menudo band-mate, Ricky Martin. He has also been featured on VH1's Behind the Music.\nRosa has been highly influenced by the works of Bob Dylan, Miles Davis, Iggy Pop, Jimi Hendrix, Johnny Cash, Luis Alberto Spinetta, The Doors, Camarón de la Isla, Horacio Quiroga, Caetano Veloso, Edgar Allan Poe and Glenn Danzig. In 1996 he released the Latino alternative rock album Vagabundo produced by Phil Manzanera.
/m/0b9f7t	Miyuki Sawashiro is a Japanese voice actress and singer who works for Mausu Promotion.\nShe voiced Puchiko in the English dubbed releases of Di Gi Charat the Movie and Leave it to Piyoko, making her one of the few Japanese voice actors to have reprised a role in English in addition to the original Japanese performance. She was not able to record for the English dub of the Di Gi Charat TV series because of a scheduling conflict.
/m/03pmfw	Nikon Corporation, also known just as Nikon, is a Japanese multinational corporation headquartered in Tokyo, Japan, specializing in optics and imaging products.\nIts products include cameras, camera lenses, binoculars, microscopes, ophthalmic lenses, measurement instruments, and the steppers used in the photolithography steps of semiconductor fabrication, of which it is the world's second largest manufacturer. The companies held by Nikon form the Nikon Group. Among its products are Nikkor imaging lenses, the Nikon F-series of 35 mm film SLR cameras, the Nikon D-series of digital SLR cameras, the Coolpix series of compact digital cameras, and the Nikonos series of underwater film cameras. Nikon's main competitors in camera and lens manufacturing include Canon, Sony, Pentax, and Olympus.\nFounded in 25 July 1917 as Nippon Kōgaku Kōgyō Kabushikigaisha, the company was renamed Nikon Corporation, after its cameras, in 1988. Nikon is one of the companies of the Mitsubishi Group.
/m/0hv0d	Avalon Hill is a game company that specializes in wargames and strategic board games. Its logo contains its initials \"AH\", and the company is often referred to by this abbreviation. It has also published the occasional miniature wargaming rules, role-playing game, and had a popular line of sports simulations. It is now a division of the game company Wizards of the Coast, which is itself a subsidiary of Hasbro.
/m/0f2sx4	I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry is a 2007 American comedy film directed by Dennis Dugan, written by Barry Fanaro, and starring Adam Sandler and Kevin James as the title characters. The film was released on July 20, 2007, in the United States; August 16, 2007, in Australia; and on September 21, 2007, in the United Kingdom and Ireland. Although the film received negative reviews by critics for its very crude humor and portrayal of gay people, it was a financial success, ranking #1 at the box office. This film is Sandler's first to be released by Universal Studios since Bulletproof in 1996.\nThe film's depiction of same-sex marriage in New York preceded the 2011 enactment of the Marriage Equality Act, which legalized marriage for same-sex couples in the state. At the time of the film's release, the state allowed for residents to file for unregistered cohabitation rights, and various municipal and county governments offered domestic partnership registries.
/m/0fphf3v	New Year's Eve is a 2011 romantic comedy film directed by Garry Marshall. Like Valentine's Day, Marshall's previous film, it depicts a series of holiday vignettes of the state of several romances and features a large ensemble cast.
/m/01jvgt	The Seattle Storm is a professional basketball team based in Seattle, Washington, playing in the Western Conference in the Women's National Basketball Association. The team was founded before the 2000 season began. The team is owned by Force 10 Hoops LLC, which is composed of three Seattle businesswomen: Dawn Trudeau, Lisa Brummel, and Ginny Gilder.\nThe Storm has qualified for the WNBA Playoffs in eight of its eleven years in Seattle. The franchise has been home to many high-quality players such as former UConn stars Sue Bird and Swin Cash, 2004 Finals MVP Betty Lennox and Australian power forward Lauren Jackson, a three-time league MVP. In 2004 and 2010, the Storm went to the WNBA Finals; they won each time, beating Connecticut in 2004 and Atlanta in 2010.\nThe team cultivates a fan-friendly, family environment at home games by having an all-kid dance squad, which leads young fans in a conga line on the court during time-outs, to the music of \"C'mon N' Ride It\" by the Quad City DJ's. Named for the rainy weather of Seattle, the team uses many weather-related icons: the team mascot is Doppler, a maroon-furred creature with a cup anemometer on its head; the theme song for Storm home games is AC/DC's \"Thunderstruck\"; and its newsletter is called Stormwatch.
/m/0kwmc	Mobile County[p] is a county of the U.S. state of Alabama. Its name is in honor of a tribe of Indians, the Maubila tribe. As of the 2010 census, its population was 412,992. Its county seat is Mobile, Alabama. The entire county is included in the Mobile metropolitan statistical area.
/m/0dnkmq	The Incredible Hulk is a 2008 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character the Hulk, produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Universal Pictures. It is the second installment in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. The film was directed by Louis Leterrier, written by Zak Penn and Edward Harrison, and stars Edward Norton, Liv Tyler, Tim Roth, Tim Blake Nelson, Ty Burrell and William Hurt. This film establishes a new backstory where Bruce Banner becomes the Hulk as an unwitting pawn in a military scheme to reinvigorate the supersoldier program through gamma radiation. On the run, he attempts to cure himself of the Hulk before he is captured by General Thaddeus \"Thunderbolt\" Ross, but his worst fears are realized when power-hungry soldier Emil Blonsky becomes a similar but more bestial creature.\nMarvel Studios reacquired the rights to the character after the mixed reception to the 2003 film Hulk, and Penn began work on a loose sequel that would be much closer to the comics and the television series. Norton rewrote the script after he signed on to star, clarifying the film's new backstory. Leterrier redesigned Roth's character, called the Abomination in the comics, from the comics' reptilian humanoid into a monster with bony protrusions. Filming mostly took place in Toronto, Ontario in 2007, where the production attempted to be environmentally friendly.
/m/02b25y	Andrea Angel Bocelli, OMRI, OMDSM is an Italian tenor, and singer-songwriter. Born with poor eyesight, he became blind at the age of twelve following a football accident.\nSince winning the Newcomers section of the Sanremo Music Festival in 1994, Bocelli has recorded fourteen solo studio albums, of both pop and classical music, three greatest hits albums, and nine complete operas, selling over 80 million records worldwide. Thus, he has had success as a cross-over performer bringing classical music to the top of international pop charts.\nIn 1998, he was named one of People Magazine's 50 Most Beautiful People. In 1999, he was nominated for Best New Artist at the Grammy Awards. \"The Prayer\", his duet with Celine Dion for the animated film Quest for Camelot, won the Golden Globe for Best Original Song and was nominated for an Academy Award in the same category. With the release of his classical album, Sacred Arias, Bocelli captured a listing in the Guinness Book of World Records, as he simultaneously held the top 3 positions on the US Classical Albums charts. Seven of his albums have since reached the top 10 on the Billboard 200, and a record-setting 10 have topped the classical crossover albums charts in the United States.
/m/02mc5v	Scary Movie 2 is a 2001 parody film. It is the second film of the Scary Movie franchise. Though part of the first Scary Movie's tagline read \"...No sequel\", this film's tagline compensated by adding \"We lied\".\nThe film parodies a range of horror-thriller movies, including The Exorcist, The Haunting, What Lies Beneath, The Amityville Horror, Poltergeist, The Changeling, Hannibal, Hollow Man and The Legend of Hell House.\nThe film currently stands as the last film in the series to star the Wayans siblings, and the last to be directed by Keenen Ivory Wayans.\nSome of the original working titles were Scary Sequel and Scarier Movie.
/m/013y1f	In music, the organ is a keyboard instrument of one or more divisions, each played with its own keyboard, played either with the hands or with the feet. The organ is a relatively old musical instrument in the Western musical tradition, dating from the time of Ctesibius of Alexandria who is credited with inventing the hydraulis. By around the 8th century, it had overcome early associations with gladiatorial combat and gradually assumed a prominent place in the liturgy of the Catholic Church. Subsequently it re-emerged as a secular and recital instrument.
/m/026m3y	Queen Mary University of London is a public research university located in London in the United Kingdom and a constituent college of the federal University of London. With roots dating back to the founding of the London Hospital Medical College in 1785, Queen Mary was formed by the merger of four historic colleges, and since joining the University of London in 1915 has grown to become one of its largest colleges. It is named after Mary of Teck, Queen of the United Kingdom.\nQueen Mary's main campus is located in the Mile End area of the East End of London, with other campuses in Holborn, Smithfield and Whitechapel. It has around 17,000 full-time students and 4,000 staff and an annual turnover of £350 million, of which around £100 million is from research grants and contracts. Queen Mary is organised into three faculties – the Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences, the Faculty of Science and Engineering and Barts and The London School of Medicine and Dentistry – within which there are 21 academic departments and institutes.\nIn 2014, Queen Mary was positioned 35th among 130 UK universities in the Complete University Guide and 36th according to the Guardian University Guide. The 2013-4 QS World Rankings placed the university 115th of 700 universities worldwide and 19th in the UK, while the 2013 Shanghai Jiao Tong Academic Rankings of World Universities placed Queen Mary in the top 30 in the UK and in the top 201-300 bracket worldwide. There are five Nobel Laureates amongst Queen Mary's alumni and current and former staff.
/m/027ffq	Preston North End Football Club is an English football club located in the Deepdale area of Preston, Lancashire. They currently play in League One, the third tier of the English football league system. The club was a founding member of the Football League and completed the inaugural season unbeaten to become the first league champions, in the same season winning the FA Cup without conceding a goal to become the first club to achieve the English football \"Double\". Preston's unbeaten League and Cup season earned them the nickname \"The Invincibles\"\nPreston's most recent major trophy success was their FA Cup victory over Huddersfield Town F.C. in 1938. Many notable players have played for the club, including Tom Finney, Bill Shankly, Tommy Docherty, Alan Kelly, Sr. and Graham Alexander.\nBased on results achieved during 112 seasons in the Football League from 1888–89 to 2010–11, Preston were ranked as the fourth most-successful English football club of all time domestically, while only Notts County had played more Football League games than Preston.
/m/027hq5f	Tony Longo is an American actor who has appeared in many well-known television series such as Laverne & Shirley, Simon & Simon, Alice, Perfect Strangers, Sydney and Monk. His film credits include Mulholland Drive, Pound Puppies and the Legend of Big Paw, The Last Boy Scout, the 1994 version of Angels in the Outfield, Eraser, Suburban Commando and The Flintstones in Viva Rock Vegas.\nBecause of his 6'6\" 300 lb frame, Longo is often chosen for roles that depict him as an imposing giant with freakish strength, and sub-standard intelligence, such as Mad Dog in the 1980s comedy/drama 1st and Ten where he was a linebacker for the fictional football team, the California Bulls. Mad Dog was paired with fellow linebacker Dr. Death, played by actor Donald Gibb who has had a career playing similar roles as Longo. He also appeared in Suburban Commando starring Hulk Hogan as a bounty hunter.
/m/0r066	Downey is a city located in southeast Los Angeles County, California, United States, 21 km southeast of downtown Los Angeles. The city is best known as the birthplace of the Apollo space program, and is the hometown of Richard and Karen Carpenter. As of the 2010 census, the city had a total population of 111,772.
/m/043tg	Jacques Marie Émile Lacan was a French psychoanalyst and psychiatrist who has been called \"the most controversial psycho-analyst since Freud\". Giving yearly seminars in Paris from 1953 to 1981, Lacan influenced many leading French intellectuals in the 1960s and the 1970s, especially those associated with poststructuralism. His ideas had a significant impact on critical theory, literary theory, 20th-century French philosophy, sociology, feminist theory, film theory and clinical psychoanalysis.
/m/02185j	The University of Padua is a premier Italian university located in the city of Padua, Italy. The University of Padua was founded in 1222 as a school of law and was one of the most prominent universities in early modern Europe. It is among the earliest universities of the world and the second oldest in Italy. The University of Padua is one of Italy’s leading universities and ranks in the first position in all the recent ranking of Italian large universities. As of 2010 the university had approximately 65,000 students and in 2009 was ranked \"best university\" among Italian institutions of higher education with more than 40,000 students.
/m/04xvh5	A costume drama or period drama is a period piece in which elaborate costumes, sets and properties are featured in order to capture the ambience of a particular era.\nThe term is usually used in the context of film and television. It is an informal crossover term that can apply to several genres but is most often heard in the context of historical dramas and romances, adventure films and swashbucklers. The implication is that the audience is attracted as much by the lavish costumes as by the content.\nThe most common type of costume drama is the historical costume drama, both on stage and in movies. This category includes Barry Lyndon, Amadeus, Braveheart, From Hell and Robin Hood. Films that are set in the 1930s and 1940s, such as Last Man Standing, may also be placed in this category. Other examples include Marie Antoinette, Middlemarch and Pride and Prejudice.\nThere have been highly successful television series that have been known as costume dramas/period pieces. Notable examples include Upstairs Downstairs, The Tudors, Mad Men, Boardwalk Empire, Downton Abbey, Deadwood, Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman, Little House on the Prairie and Freaks and Geeks. There also exist shows that use the effects of a costume drama/period piece because they are set in a particular era of time, although their true focus is based around a different genre. Examples of these are Xena: Warrior Princess, Legend of the Seeker and That '70s Show.
/m/02681_5	The Latin Grammy Award for Song of the Year is an honor presented annually at the Latin Grammy Awards, a ceremony that recognizes excellence, creates a wider awareness of cultural diversity and contributions of Latin recording artists in the United States and internationally. The award is given to the songwriters of new songs containing at least 51% of lyrics in Spanish or Portuguese language. Instrumental songs or a new version of a previously recorded track are not eligible. Due to the increasing musical changes in the industry, from 2012 the category includes 10 nominees, according to a restructuration made by the academy for the four general categories: Album of the Year, Record of the Year, Best New Artist and Song of the Year.\nEleven of the thirteen awarded songs have also earned the Latin Grammy for Record of the Year, which unlike this category, is given to songs that were released on a promotional level, and the prize is given to the performer, producer and audio engineer. The exceptions to this were in 2000 and 2009, when \"Corazón Espinado\" by Santana featuring Maná and \"No Hay Nadie Como Tú\" by Calle 13 featuring Café Tacvba, respectively, received the award without a nomination for Song of the Year.
/m/02_2v2	Agnes Nixon is an American writer and producer. She is best known as the creator of soap operas such as One Life to Live, All My Children, and Loving. Having a key role in the production of these programs, she was either executive producer or consulting producer for all three shows for many years: on One Life to Live from 1968 to 1975, 'All My Children from 1970 to 1981, and Loving from 1993 to 1995.\nNixon continued to write for All My Children with Wisner Washam until 1983, and again with him and Lorraine Broderick from 1988 to 1992, continuing on as a consultant in recurring capacities to date. From 1970 until 1989, every episode of All My Children was written by either Nixon or her protégés Washam and Broderick, although Nixon's role with One Life to Live was more limited once she surrendered the day-to-day aspects of the show in 1975. Because of her long career and the number of successful shows she created or was a part of, she is often referred to as the \"Queen\" of the modern soap opera. Her creations and her writing have had the most effect on modern audiences, second only to her mentor Irna Phillips.
/m/02qbjm	Teletoon is a Canadian English-language Category A specialty channel that broadcasts animated programming. The channel is owned by Teletoon Canada, which is wholly owned by Corus Entertainment. Its name is a portmanteau of \"television\" and \"cartoon\". The channel primarily airs various animated series, including both original and imported content; its daytime programming is aimed at children and younger teenagers, while nighttime shows are targeted at older teenagers and adults. Teletoon operates two timeshift feeds running on Eastern and Pacific schedules. Télétoon is its French-language equivalent.
/m/09fb5	John Joseph \"Jack\" Nicholson is an American actor, film director, producer, and writer. Throughout his career, Jack Nicholson has portrayed unique and challenging roles, many of which include dark portrayals of neurotic and psychopathic characters. Nicholson's 12 Oscar nominations make him the most nominated male actor in the history of the Academy Awards.\nNicholson has twice won the Academy Award for Best Actor, for One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest and for As Good as It Gets. He also won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for the 1983 film Terms of Endearment. He is tied with Walter Brennan and Daniel Day-Lewis for most Academy Award acting wins by a male actor, with three. Nicholson is well known for playing villainous roles, such as Frank Costello in The Departed, Jack Torrance in The Shining and the Joker in 1989's Batman.\nNicholson was one of only two actors to be nominated for an Academy Award for acting in every decade from the 1960s to 2000s; the other was Michael Caine. He has won six Golden Globe Awards, and received the Kennedy Center Honor in 2001. In 1994, he became one of the youngest actors to be awarded the American Film Institute's Life Achievement Award. Notable films in which he has starred include Easy Rider, Five Easy Pieces, The Last Detail, Chinatown, The Passenger, The Shining, Reds, Wolf, A Few Good Men, The Pledge, About Schmidt, and The Departed.
/m/03wh8kl	Peter Casey is an American television producer and screenwriter. Alongside his working partner David Lee, he wrote episodes of The Jeffersons. Besides writing, he and Lee wrote and produced Cheers, and co-created, wrote, and produced Wings and Frasier alongside the late David Angell under Grub Street Productions.
/m/0f1m8	Skidmore, Owings & Merrill LLP is an American architectural and engineering firm. It was formed in Chicago in 1936 by Louis Skidmore and Nathaniel Owings; in 1939 they were joined by John O. Merrill. They opened their first branch in New York City, New York in 1937. SOM is one of the largest architectural firms in the world. Their primary expertise is in high-end commercial buildings, as it was SOM that led the way to the widespread use of the modern international-style or \"glass box\" skyscraper. They have built several of the tallest buildings in the world, including the John Hancock Center, Sears Tower, and Burj Khalifa. SOM provides services in Architecture, Building Services/MEP Engineering, Digital Design, Graphics, Interior Design, Structural Engineering, Civil Engineering, Sustainable Design and Urban Design & Planning.
/m/01fx1l	Chicago Hope is an American medical drama television series, created by David E. Kelley. It ran on CBS from September 18, 1994, to May 4, 2000. The series is set in a fictional private charity hospital in Chicago, Illinois. The show is set to return in the fall of 2013 on TVGN in reruns.
/m/0cqh57	Donald McAlpine, ACS and ASC is an Australian cinematographer.
/m/01v6480	Jim Dale, MBE is an English-born American actor, voice artist, and singer-songwriter. He is best known in the United Kingdom for his many appearances in the Carry On series of films and in the US for narrating the Harry Potter audiobook series, for which he received two Grammy Awards, and the ABC series Pushing Daisies. In the 1970s, Dale was a member of the National Theatre Company.
/m/01z2ts	Royal Tunbridge Wells is a large town and Borough in west Kent, England, about 40 miles south-east of central London by road, 34.5 miles by rail. The town is close to the border of the county of East Sussex. It is situated at the northern edge of the High Weald, the sandstone geology of which is exemplified by the rock formations at the Wellington Rocks and High Rocks.\nThe town came into being as a spa in Georgian times and had its heyday as a tourist resort under Beau Nash when the Pantiles and its chalybeate spring attracted visitors who wished to take the waters. Though its popularity waned with the advent of sea bathing, the town remains popular and derives some 30% of its income from the tourist industry.\nThe town has a population of around 56,500 and is the administrative centre of Tunbridge Wells Borough and the UK parliamentary constituency of Tunbridge Wells. In the United Kingdom Royal Tunbridge Wells has a reputation as being the archetypal conservative \"Middle England\" town, a stereotype that is typified by the fictional letter-writer \"Disgusted of Tunbridge Wells\".
/m/01vsps	John Houseman was a Romanian-born British–American actor and film producer who became known for his highly publicized collaboration with director Orson Welles from their days in the Federal Theatre Project through to the production of Citizen Kane. He is perhaps best known for his role as Professor Charles Kingsfield in the film The Paper Chase, for which he won a best supporting actor Oscar. He reprised his role as Kingsfield in the subsequent television series adaptation of The Paper Chase. Houseman was also known for his commercials for the brokerage firm Smith Barney. He had a distinctive Mid-Atlantic English accent, in common with many actors of his generation.
/m/0nm6z	Oxford County is a county located in the U.S. state of Maine with a population of 57,833 as of the 2010 U.S. census. Its county seat is Paris.\nPart of Oxford County is included in the Lewiston-Auburn, Maine, metropolitan New England City and Town Area while a different part of Oxford County is included in the Portland-South Portland-Biddeford, Maine, metropolitan New England City and Town Area.\nOxford County was formed on 4 March 1805 from northerly portions of York and Cumberland counties. Its Canadian border is the province of Quebec.
/m/0f612	Franklin County is a county located in the U.S. state of New York. As of the 2010 census, the population was 51,599. It is named in honor of American Founding Father Benjamin Franklin. Its county seat is Malone.\nMuch of Franklin County is within the Adirondack Park. Its Canadian borders are the provinces of Quebec and Ontario.
/m/03q2t9	Brian McKnight is an American singer-songwriter, arranger, producer, and R&B musician. He is a multi-instrumentalist who plays eight instruments including piano, guitar, bass guitar, percussion, trombone, tuba, flugelhorn and trumpet. McKnight is perhaps most recognized for his strong falsetto range, and is widely regarded as one of the strongest talents in the adult urban contemporary R&B genre.\nMcKnight's work has earned him 16 Grammy Awards nominations, and he has never won. He is tied for first place along with Snoop Dogg for the record of most Grammy nominations without a win.
/m/0x3r3	John Bordley Rawls was an American philosopher and a leading figure in moral and political philosophy. He held the James Bryant Conant University Professorship at Harvard University and the Fulbright Fellowship at Christ Church, Oxford. Rawls received both the Schock Prize for Logic and Philosophy and the National Humanities Medal in 1999, the latter presented by President Bill Clinton, in recognition of how Rawls' work \"helped a whole generation of learned Americans revive their faith in democracy itself.\"\nHis magnum opus, A Theory of Justice, was hailed at the time of its publication as \"the most important work in moral philosophy since the end of World War II,\" and is now regarded as \"one of the primary texts in political philosophy.\" His work in political philosophy, dubbed Rawlsianism, takes as its starting point the argument that \"most reasonable principles of justice are those everyone would accept and agree to from a fair position.\" Rawls employs a number of thought experiments — including the famous veil of ignorance — to determine what constitutes a fair agreement in which \"everyone is impartially situated as equals,\" in order to determine principles of social justice. He is one of the major thinkers in the tradition of liberal political philosophy. English philosopher Jonathan Wolff argues that \"while there might be a dispute about the second most important political philosopher of the 20th century, there could be no dispute about the most important: John Rawls. His student Samuel Freeman says that Rawls’s work will be recognized 'for centuries to come.'\"
/m/0hr30wt	The 2012 Sundance Film Festival took place from January 19 until January 29, 2012 in Park City, Utah.\n64 short films were selected for the festival from 7,675 submissions, including 27 international shorts from 3,592 submissions.
/m/04hxyv	Charles Michael \"Charlie\" Adler is an American voice actor and voice director who has voiced many well-known characters. He was a dialogue director on Oscar-nominated movies Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius and The Wild Thornberrys Movie.
/m/0225z1	Eidos Interactive, Limited, was a British video game publisher, now operating as Square Enix Europe. Eidos plc was headquartered in the Wimbledon Bridge House in Wimbledon, London Borough of Merton. The company has had offices all around the world, including the United States, Canada, Germany, France, Australia and Japan.\nIts best-known game series include Tomb Raider, Hitman, Commandos, Deus Ex, Legacy of Kain, Thief, TimeSplitters, and Fear Effect. Eidos officially became part of Square Enix on 22 April 2009. Following a reorganization of the company, Eidos was merged with Square Enix's European operations into Square Enix Europe. The Eidos brand currently lives only through the development studio Eidos Montréal, and is also used as a label for games developed by former Eidos-owned developers like Crystal Dynamics and IO Interactive released before take-over by Square Enix Europe.
/m/02b13j	Boston United Football Club is an English football club based in Boston, Lincolnshire. The club participates in the Conference North, the sixth tier of English football. The club is known as 'the Pilgrims' in reference to the Pilgrim Fathers, who fled from England and sailed to North America and founded Boston, Massachusetts. The club's crest, the pilgrim father's ship 'The Mayflower', is also a reference to them. The club's traditional colours are amber and black. Boston's neighbours include Lincoln City, Scunthorpe United and Grimsby Town. The club is one of only 12 in the country to run a Centre of Excellence, provides a Study Support Centre and is also the basis of the 'Boston United Football in the Community Scheme'.\nBoston United were members of the Football League from 2002 until 2007.
/m/02wk7b	Secrets & Lies is a 1996 British drama film written and directed by Mike Leigh. Led by an ensemble cast consisting of many Leigh regulars, it stars Marianne Jean-Baptiste as Hortense, a well-educated black middle class London optometrist, who was adopted as a baby and has chosen to trace her family history – only to discover that her birth mother, Cynthia, played by Brenda Blethyn, is a working class white woman with a dysfunctional family. Claire Rushbrook co-stars as Cynthia's other daughter Roxanne, while Timothy Spall and Phyllis Logan portray Cynthia's brother and sister-in-law, the latter of which have secrets of their own affecting their everyday family life.\nSecrets & Lies was one of the films competing for the Palme d'Or at the 1996 Cannes Film Festival. It eventually won three awards, including the Best Actress award for Blethyn and the Palme d'Or. Critically acclaimed, the film won numerous other awards, including the Goya Award for Best European Film and the LFCC Award for Film of the Year. At the 50th British Academy Film Awards, the film received seven nods, winning both Best British Film and Best Original Screenplay. It also received five Academy Award nominations, while Blethyn also won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in a Motion Picture, Drama for her portrayal.
/m/0hg45	Angina pectoris – commonly known as angina – is chest pain due to ischemia of the heart muscle, due in general to obstruction or spasm of the coronary arteries. The main cause of Angina pectoris is improper contractivity of the heart muscle and coronary artery disease, due to atherosclerosis of the arteries feeding the heart. The term derives from the Latin angina from the Greek ἀγχόνη ankhonē, and the Latin pectus, and can, therefore, be translated as \"a strangling feeling in the chest\".\nThere is a weak relationship between severity of pain and degree of oxygen deprivation in the heart muscle. In some cases, angina can be extremely serious and has been known to cause death. People who suffer from average to severe cases of angina have an increased percentage of death before the age of 55, usually around 60%.\nWorsening angina attacks, sudden-onset angina at rest, and angina lasting more than 15 minutes are symptoms of unstable angina. As these may herald myocardial infarction, they require urgent medical attention and are, in general, treated as a presumed heart attack.
/m/01hmnh	Fantasy is a genre of fiction that commonly uses magic and other supernatural phenomena as a primary plot element, theme, or setting. Many works within the genre take place in imaginary worlds where magic and magical creatures are common. Fantasy is generally distinguished from the genres of science fiction and horror by the expectation that it steers clear of scientific and macabre themes, respectively, though there is a great deal of overlap between the three, all of which are subgenres of speculative fiction.\nIn popular culture, the fantasy genre is predominantly of the medievalist form, especially since the worldwide success of The Lord of the Rings and related books by J. R. R. Tolkien. In its broadest sense, however, fantasy comprises works by many writers, artists, filmmakers, and musicians, from ancient myths and legends to many recent works embraced by a wide audience today.\nFantasy is a vibrant area of academic study in a number of disciplines. Work in this area ranges widely, from the structuralist theory of Tzvetan Todorov, which emphasizes the fantastic as a liminal space, to work on the connections between medievalism and popular culture.
/m/02yc5b	Christchurch is the largest city in the South Island of New Zealand, and the country's third-most populous urban area. It lies one third of the way down the South Island's east coast, just north of Banks Peninsula which itself, since 2006, lies within the formal limits of Christchurch. The population of Christchurch City at the 5 March 2013 census was 341,469.\nThe city was named by the Canterbury Association, which settled the surrounding province of Canterbury. The name of Christchurch was agreed on at the first meeting of the association on 27 March 1848. It was suggested by John Robert Godley, who had attended Christ Church, Oxford. Some early writers called the town Christ Church, but it was recorded as Christchurch in the minutes of the management committee of the association. Christchurch became a city by Royal Charter on 31 July 1856, making it officially the oldest established city in New Zealand.\nThe river that flows through the centre of the city was named Avon at the request of the pioneering Deans brothers to commemorate the Scottish Avon, which rises in the Ayrshire hills near what was their grandfathers' farm and flows into the Clyde.
/m/0bvhz9	The 79th Academy Awards ceremony, presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, honored the best films of 2006 and took place February 25, 2007, at the Kodak Theatre in Hollywood, Los Angeles beginning at 5:30 p.m. PST / 8:30 p.m. EST. During the ceremony, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences presented Academy Awards in 24 categories. The ceremony, televised in the United States by ABC, was produced by Laura Ziskin and directed by Louis J. Horvitz. Actress Ellen DeGeneres hosted for the first time. Two weeks earlier in a ceremony at the Beverly Wilshire Hotel in Beverly Hills, California held on February 10, the Academy Awards for Technical Achievement were presented by host Maggie Gyllenhaal.\nThe Departed won four awards, including Best Picture and Best Director for Martin Scorsese. Other winners included Pan's Labyrinth with three, An Inconvenient Truth, Dreamgirls, and Little Miss Sunshine with two, and Babel, The Blood of Yingzhou District, The Danish Poet, Happy Feet, The Last King of Scotland, Letters from Iwo Jima, The Lives of Others, Marie Antoinette, Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest, The Queen, and West Bank Story with one. The telecast garnered nearly 40 million viewers in the United States.
/m/02h661t	A dentist, also known as a 'dental surgeon', is a health care practitioner that specializes in the diagnosis, prevention, and treatment of diseases and conditions of the oral cavity. The dentist's supporting team aides in providing oral health services. The dental team includes dental assistants, dental hygienists, dental technicians, and in some states, dental therapists.
/m/018swb	Peter William \"Pete\" Postlethwaite, OBE, was an English stage, film and television actor. After minor television appearances including in The Professionals, his first success came with the film Distant Voices, Still Lives in 1988. He played a mysterious lawyer, Mr. Kobayashi, in The Usual Suspects, and he appeared in Alien 3, Amistad, Brassed Off, The Shipping News, The Constant Gardener, The Age of Stupid, The Lost World: Jurassic Park and Romeo + Juliet. In television, He played Sergeant Obadiah Hakeswill on Sharpe opposite Richard Sharpe, played by Sean Bean.\nPostlethwaite trained as a teacher and taught drama before training as an actor. Director Steven Spielberg called him \"the best actor in the world\" after working with him on The Lost World: Jurassic Park. He received an Academy Award nomination for his role in In the Name of the Father in 1993, and was made an Officer of the Order of the British Empire in the 2004 New Year Honours list. A survivor of testicular cancer, he died from pancreatic cancer on 2 January 2011, aged 64.
/m/06nv27	Spinal Tap is a parody heavy metal band that first appeared on a failed 1979 ABC TV sketch comedy pilot called The T.V. Show, starring Rob Reiner. The sketch, actually a mock promotional video for the song \"Rock and Roll Nightmare\", was written by Reiner and the band, and included songwriter/performer Loudon Wainwright III on keyboards. Later the band became the fictional subject of the 1984 rockumentary/mockumentary film This Is Spinal Tap. The band members are portrayed by Michael McKean, Christopher Guest and Harry Shearer.\nThis Is Spinal Tap was accompanied by a soundtrack album of the same name. In the years following the film's release, the actors have portrayed the band members at concerts and released music under the Spinal Tap name. Guest, McKean, and Shearer toured in the United States in April and May 2009 and performed as Spinal Tap in a \"One Night Only World Tour\" on 30 June 2009 at Wembley Arena in London, three days after playing the Glastonbury Festival. Support at Wembley Arena came from the same trio's fictitious folk music band The Folksmen.
/m/07ccs	Texas A&M University is a coeducational public research university located in College Station, Texas, United States. It is the flagship institution of the Texas A&M University System, the fourth-largest university in the United States and the largest university in Texas. Texas A&M's designation as a land, sea, and space grant institution reflects a broad range of research with ongoing projects funded by agencies such as the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, the National Institutes of Health, the National Science Foundation, and the Office of Naval Research. The school ranks in the top 20 American research institutes in terms of funding and has made notable contributions to such fields as animal cloning and petroleum engineering.\nThe first public institution of higher education in Texas, though not the first general university in the state, the school opened on October 4, 1876 as the Agricultural and Mechanical College of Texas under the provisions of the Morrill Land-Grant Acts. Originally, the college taught no classes in agriculture, instead concentrating on classical studies, languages, literature, and applied mathematics. After four years, students could attain degrees in scientific agriculture, civil and mining engineering, and language and literature. Under the leadership of President James Earl Rudder, in the 1960s A&M desegregated, became coeducational, and dropped the requirement for participation in the Corps of Cadets. To reflect the institution's expanded roles and academic offerings, the Texas Legislature renamed the school to Texas A&M University in 1963. The letters \"A&M\", originally short for \"Agricultural and Mechanical\", are retained only as a link to the university's past. The school's students, alumni, and sports teams are known as \"Aggies\".²
/m/01v3rb	Data East Corporation also abbreviated as DECO, was a Japanese video game developer and publisher. The company was in operation from 1976 to 2003, when it declared bankruptcy. Their main headquarters were located in Suginami, Tokyo, The American subsidiary, Data East USA, had been headquartered in San Jose, California.
/m/0c5vh	Melvin Jerome \"Mel\" Blanc was an American voice actor and comedian. Although he began his more than six-decade-long career performing in radio, Blanc is best remembered for his work with Warner Bros. as the voices of Bugs Bunny, Daffy Duck, Porky Pig, Tweety Bird, Sylvester the Cat, Yosemite Sam, Foghorn Leghorn, Marvin the Martian, Pepé Le Pew, Speedy Gonzales, Wile E. Coyote, the Tasmanian Devil and many of the other characters from the Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies theatrical short films, during the \"Golden age of American animation\".\nHe later worked for Hanna-Barbera's television productions, most notably as the voices of Barney Rubble in The Flintstones and Mr. Spacely in The Jetsons. Blanc was also a regular performer on The Jack Benny Program in both its radio and television formats, and was the original voice of Woody Woodpecker for Universal Pictures.\nHaving earned the nickname \"The Man of a Thousand Voices\", Blanc is regarded as one of the most influential people in the voice acting industry.
/m/030z4z	Kuch Kuch Hota Hai, also known as KKHH, is a Hindi coming of age romantic comedy drama film, released in India and the United Kingdom on 16 October 1998. It was written and directed by Karan Johar, and starred the popular on-screen pair of Shahrukh Khan and Kajol in their fourth film together. Rani Mukerji featured in a supporting role, while Salman Khan had an extended guest appearance.\nFilmed in India, Mauritius, and Scotland, this was Karan Johar's directorial debut. One of his goals for the film was to set a new level for style in Hindi cinema. The plot combines two love triangles set years apart. The first half covers friends on a college campus, while the second tells the story of a widower's young daughter who tries to reunite her dad with his old friend.\nThe film was extremely successful in India and abroad, becoming the highest grossing Indian film of the year, and the first Bollywood film to enter the UK cinema top ten. The soundtrack also became the biggest seller of the year. The film won many major awards including the \"Best Film\" honors at the Filmfare Awards, the National Film Awards, Zee Cine Awards, Screen Awards, and Bollywood Movie Awards. Years after its release, it still makes appearances on Indian television and has achieved an iconic status.
/m/07_nf	The Vietnam War, also known as the Second Indochina War, was a Cold War-era proxy war that occurred in Vietnam, Laos, and Cambodia from December 1956 to the fall of Saigon on 30 April 1975. This war followed the First Indochina War and was fought between North Vietnam—supported by the Soviet Union, China and other communist allies—and the government of South Vietnam—supported by the United States and other anti-communist countries. The Viet Cong, a lightly armed South Vietnamese communist common front directed by the North, fought a guerrilla war against anti-communist forces in the region. The People's Army of Vietnam engaged in a more conventional war, at times committing large units into battle. As the war wore on, the part of the Viet Cong in the fighting decreased as the role of the NVA grew. U.S. and South Vietnamese forces relied on air superiority and overwhelming firepower to conduct search and destroy operations, involving ground forces, artillery, and airstrikes. In the course of the war, the U.S. conducted a large-scale strategic bombing campaign against North Vietnam, and over time the North Vietnamese airspace became the most heavily defended airspace of any in the world.
/m/06g4l	Ruth Gordon Jones, better known as Ruth Gordon, was an American actress and writer. She is perhaps best known for film roles she had while already in her 70s and 80s: Minnie Castevet, Rosemary's overly solicitous neighbor in Rosemary's Baby, the eccentric Maude in Harold and Maude, and Ma Boggs, the mother of Orville Boggs, in the Clint Eastwood film Every Which Way but Loose. In addition to her acting career, Gordon wrote numerous plays, film scripts and books, most notably co-writing the screenplay for the 1949 film Adam's Rib. Gordon won an Academy Award, an Emmy and two Golden Globe awards for her acting, as well as receiving three Academy Award nominations for her writing.
/m/056ws9	DreamWorks Animation SKG, Inc. is an American animation studio based in Glendale, California that creates animated feature films, television programs, and online virtual worlds. They have released a total of twenty-seven feature films, including the franchises of Shrek, Madagascar, Kung Fu Panda, Monsters vs. Aliens and How to Train Your Dragon. As of June 2013, its feature films have made $11 billion worldwide, with its $430 million average gross surpassing all other studios besides Pixar. Two of DreamWorks Animation's films—Shrek 2, and Shrek the Third—are among the 50 highest-grossing films of all time, and fifteen of the films are among the 50 highest-grossing animated films, with Shrek 2 being the fourth all-time highest. Even though the studio also made traditionally-animated films earlier, as well as a co-production with Aardman Animations, all of their films now utilise computer-animation. The studio has so far received two Academy Awards along with numerous Annie & Emmy Awards; as well as multiple Golden Globe & BAFTA nominations.\nThe studio was formed by the merger of the feature animation division of DreamWorks and Pacific Data Images. Originally formed under the banner of DreamWorks in 1997 by some of Amblin Entertainment's former animation branch Amblimation alumni, it was spun off into a separate public company in 2004. DreamWorks Animation currently maintains two campuses: the original DreamWorks feature animation studio in Glendale, California and the PDI studio in Redwood City, California.
/m/02ptzz0	The Wake Forest Demon Deacons men's basketball team participates in the Atlantic Coast Conference and their homecourt is the Lawrence Joel Veterans Memorial Coliseum. Their only Final Four appearance was in 1962 and through the years they have produced several NBA players. The Demon Deacons have won the Atlantic Coast Conference tournament four times, in 1961, 1962, 1995, and 1996. Wake Forest's biggest rivalries are with the North Carolina Tar Heels, the Duke Blue Devils and the NC State Wolfpack. The current coach is Jeff Bzdelik, who was hired on April 13, 2010.
/m/05d1y	Nikola Tesla was a Serbian American inventor, electrical engineer, mechanical engineer, physicist, and futurist best known for his contributions to the design of the modern alternating current electricity supply system.\nTesla gained experience in telephony and electrical engineering before emigrating to the United States in 1884 to work for Thomas Edison. He soon struck out on his own with financial backers, setting up laboratories and companies to develop a range of electrical devices. His patented AC induction motor and transformer were licensed by George Westinghouse, who also hired Tesla as a consultant to help develop a power system using alternating current. Tesla is also known for his high-voltage, high-frequency power experiments in New York and Colorado Springs which included patented devices and theoretical work used in the invention of radio communication, for his X-ray experiments, and for his ill-fated attempt at intercontinental wireless transmission in his unfinished Wardenclyffe Tower project.\nTesla's achievements and his abilities as a showman demonstrating his seemingly miraculous inventions made him world-famous. Although he made a considerable amount of money from his patents, he spent a lot on numerous experiments. He lived for most of his life in a series of New York hotels although the end of his patent income and eventual bankruptcy led him to live in diminished circumstances. Tesla continued to invite the press to parties he held on his birthday to announce new inventions he was working on and make public statements. Because of his pronouncements and the nature of his work over the years, Tesla gained a reputation in popular culture as the archetypal \"mad scientist\". He died on 7 January 1943.
/m/029k55	Cheech Marin is an comedian, actor and screenwriter.
/m/0q_0z	Bakersfield is a city near the southern end of the San Joaquin Valley in Kern County, California. It is roughly equidistant between Fresno and Los Angeles, which are 110 miles to the north and south respectively. In the 2010 census, the city’s population was 347,483, making it the 9th largest city in California and the 52nd largest city in the United States. The city is also the county seat for Kern County, which encompasses the entire MSA and is the third largest county in California by area. The total Bakersfield inner urban area which includes East Bakersfield and Rosedale has a population of approximately 464,000\nBakersfield is the focal point of the larger Bakersfield-Delano, CA Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is coextensive with Kern County. In 2010, it had a population of 839,631, making it the 62nd largest metropolitan area in United States.\nBakersfield has a very diverse economy. Kern County is the most productive oil producing county, and the fourth most productive agricultural county in the United States. Other industries include natural gas and other energy extraction, aerospace, mining, petroleum refining, manufacturing, distribution, food processing, and corporate/regional headquarters.
/m/0l2mg	Nevada County is a county located in the Sierra Nevada of California, in the Mother Lode Country. As of 2010 its population was 98,764. The county seat is Nevada City.
/m/010t4v	Tacoma is a mid-sized urban port city and the county seat of Pierce County, Washington, United States. The city is on Washington's Puget Sound, 32 miles southwest of Seattle, 31 miles northeast of the state capital, Olympia, and 58 miles northwest of Mount Rainier National Park. The population was 198,397, according to the 2010 census. Tacoma is the second-largest city in the Puget Sound area and the third largest in the state. Tacoma also serves as the center of business activity for the South Sound region, which has a population of around 1 million people.\nTacoma adopted its name after the nearby Mount Rainier, originally called Mount Tahoma. It is known as the \"City of Destiny\" because the area was chosen to be the western terminus of the Northern Pacific Railroad in the late 19th century. The decision of the railroad was influenced by Tacoma's neighboring deep-water harbor, Commencement Bay. By connecting the bay with the railroad Tacoma's motto became \"When rails meet sails.\" Today Commencement Bay serves the Port of Tacoma, a center of international trade on the Pacific Coast and Washington state's largest port.\nLike most central cities, Tacoma suffered a prolonged decline in the mid-20th century as a result of suburbanization and divestment. Since the 1990s, developments in the downtown core include the University of Washington Tacoma; Tacoma Link, the first modern electric light rail service in the state; the state's highest density of art and history museums; and a restored urban waterfront, the Thea Foss Waterway.
/m/034487	Noise pop is a subgenre of alternative rock developed in the mid-1980s in the UK and US that mixes dissonant noise or feedback, or both, with the melodic instrumentation and production elements more often found in pop music, making it more melodic than noise rock.
/m/0275n3y	The 11th Satellite Awards, honoring the best in film- and television-making in 2006, were given on December 18, 2006.
/m/05frqx	The Toronto District School Board, also known by its initials TDSB, is the English-language public-secular school board for Toronto, Ontario, Canada. The minority public-secular francophone, public-separate anglophone, and public-separate francophone communities of Toronto also have their own publicly funded school boards and schools that operate in the same area, but which are independent of the TDSB. Its headquarters are in North York. The TDSB is Canada's largest school board and the fourth largest school board in North America.
/m/01_gv	Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona is a professional Italian football club named after and based in Chievo, a suburb of 4,500 inhabitants in Verona, Veneto, and owned by Paluani, a cake company and the inspiration for their original name, Paluani Chievo. The club is nicknamed alternatively Gialloblu, Mussi volanti or Ceo, and shares the 38,402 seater Marc'Antonio Bentegodi stadium with its cross-town rivals Hellas Verona.
/m/0mp36	Chesapeake is an independent city located in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 222,209, in 2013, the population was estimated to be 232,977, making it the third-most populous city in Virginia.\nChesapeake is included in the Hampton Roads metropolitan area.\nOne of the cities in the South Hampton Roads, Chesapeake was formed in 1963 by a political consolidation of the city of South Norfolk with the former Norfolk County, which dated to 1691. Chesapeake is the second-largest city by land area in the Commonwealth of Virginia.\nChesapeake is a diverse city in which few urban areas as well as many square miles of protected farmland, forests, and wetlands, including a substantial portion of the Great Dismal Swamp. Extending all the way from the rural border with North Carolina to the harbor area of Hampton Roads adjacent to the cities of Norfolk and Portsmouth, Chesapeake is located on the Atlantic Intracoastal Waterway and has miles of waterfront industrial, commercial and residential property.\nIn 2011, Chesapeake was named the 21st best city in America by Bloomberg Businessweek.
/m/0d4jl	John Anthony Burgess Wilson, FRSL – who published under the pen name Anthony Burgess – was an English writer and composer. From relatively modest beginnings in a Manchester Catholic family in the North of England, he eventually became one of the best known English literary figures of the latter half of the twentieth century.\nAlthough Burgess was predominantly a comic writer, his dystopian satire A Clockwork Orange remains his best known novel. In 1971 it was adapted into a highly controversial film by Stanley Kubrick, which Burgess said was chiefly responsible for the popularity of the book. Burgess produced numerous other novels, including the Enderby quartet, and Earthly Powers, regarded by most critics as his greatest novel. He wrote librettos and screenplays, including for the 1977 TV mini-series Jesus of Nazareth. He worked as a literary critic, including for The Observer and The Guardian, and wrote studies of classic writers, notably James Joyce. A versatile linguist, Burgess lectured in phonetics, and translated Cyrano de Bergerac, Oedipus the King and the opera Carmen, among others.\nBurgess also composed over 250 musical works, and wanted to be regarded primarily as a composer rather than a writer.
/m/071nw5	Little Children is a 2006 American drama film directed by Todd Field. It is based on the novel of the same name by Tom Perrotta, who along with Field wrote the screenplay. It stars Kate Winslet, Patrick Wilson, Jennifer Connelly, Jackie Earle Haley, Noah Emmerich, Gregg Edelman, Phyllis Somerville and Will Lyman. The original music score is composed by Thomas Newman. The film premiered at the 44th New York Film Festival organized by the Film Society of Lincoln Center. It earned 3 nominations at the 79th Academy Awards: Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for Haley, Academy Award for Best Actress for Winslet and Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay for Field and Perrotta.
/m/01vsy3q	James Marshall \"Jimi\" Hendrix was an American musician, singer, and songwriter. Despite a brief mainstream career spanning four years, he is widely regarded as one of the most influential electric guitarists in the history of popular music, and one of the most celebrated musicians of the 20th century. The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame describes him as \"arguably the greatest instrumentalist in the history of rock music.\"\nBorn in Seattle, Washington, Hendrix began playing guitar at the age of 15. In 1961, he enlisted in the US Army; he was granted an honorable discharge the following year. Soon afterward, he moved to Clarksville, Tennessee, and began playing gigs on the chitlin' circuit, earning a place in the Isley Brothers' backing band and later with Little Richard, with whom he continued to work through mid-1965. He then played with Curtis Knight and the Squires before moving to England in late 1966 after being discovered by bassist Chas Chandler of the Animals. Within months, Hendrix had earned three UK top ten hits with the Jimi Hendrix Experience: \"Hey Joe\", \"Purple Haze\", and \"The Wind Cries Mary\". He achieved fame in the US after his performance at the Monterey Pop Festival in 1967, and in 1968 his third and final studio album, Electric Ladyland, reached number one in the US. The double LP was Hendrix's most commercially successful release and his first and only number one album. The world's highest-paid performer, he headlined the Woodstock Festival in 1969 and the Isle of Wight Festival in 1970 before his accidental death from barbiturate-related asphyxia on September 18, 1970, at the age of 27.
/m/019rg5	Kenya, officially the Republic of Kenya, is a sovereign state in the African Great Lakes region of East Africa. Its capital and largest city is Nairobi. Kenya lies on the equator with the Indian Ocean to the south-east, Tanzania to the south, Uganda to the west, South Sudan to the north-west, Ethiopia to the north and Somalia to the north-east. Kenya covers 581,309 km² and has a population of about 44 million in July 2012.\nKenya has a warm and humid climate along its Indian Ocean coastline, with wildlife-rich savannah grasslands inland towards the capital. Nairobi has a cool climate that gets colder approaching Mount Kenya, which has three permanently snow-capped peaks. Further inland there is a warm and humid climate around Lake Victoria, and temperate forested and hilly areas in the western region. The northeastern regions along the border with Somalia and Ethiopia are arid and semi-arid areas with near-desert landscapes. Lake Victoria, the world's second largest fresh-water lake and the world's largest tropical lake, is situated to the southwest and is shared with Uganda and Tanzania. Kenya is famous for its safaris and diverse wildlife reserves and national parks such as the East and West Tsavo National Park, the Maasai Mara, Lake Nakuru National Park, and Aberdares National Park. There are several world heritage sites such as Lamu, and world renowned beaches such as Kilifi where international yachting competitions are held each year.
/m/0d8qb	A journalist collects, writes, and distributes news and other information. A journalist's work is referred to as journalism.
/m/01vz08	Joseon, was a Korean state founded by Taejo Yi Seong-gye that lasted for approximately five centuries, from July 1392 to October 1897. It was founded following the aftermath of the overthrow of the Goryeo Dynasty in what is today the city of Kaesong. Early on, Korea was retitled and the capital was relocated to modern-day Seoul. The kingdom's northernmost borders were expanded to the natural boundaries at the Amnok and Duman rivers through the subjugation of the Jurchens. Joseon was the last dynasty of Korean history and the longest-ruling Confucian dynasty.\nDuring its reign, Joseon consolidated its effective rule over the territory of current Korea, encouraged the entrenchment of Korean Confucian ideals and doctrines in Korean society, imported and adapted Chinese culture, and saw the height of classical Korean culture, trade, science, literature, and technology. However, the dynasty was severely weakened during the late 16th and early 17th centuries, when invasions by the neighboring states of Japan and Qing nearly overran the peninsula, leading to an increasingly harsh isolationist policy for which the country became known as the Hermit Kingdom. After the end of invasions from Manchuria, Joseon experienced a nearly 200-year period of peace.
/m/03q0r1	Cars is a 2006 American computer-animated comedy-adventure sports film produced by Pixar Animation Studios, and directed and co-written by John Lasseter and released by Walt Disney Pictures. It is Pixar's final, independently-produced motion picture before its purchase by Disney. Set in a world populated entirely by anthropomorphic cars and other vehicles, it features voices by Paul Newman, Owen Wilson, Larry the Cable Guy, Bonnie Hunt, Tony Shalhoub, Cheech Marin, Michael Wallis, George Carlin, Paul Dooley, Jenifer Lewis, Guido Quaroni, Michael Keaton, Katherine Helmond, and John Ratzenberger. The film is also the second Pixar film—after A Bug's Life—to have an entirely non-human cast. The film was accompanied by the short One Man Band for its theatrical and home media releases.\nCars premiered on May 26, 2006 at Lowe's Motor Speedway in Concord, North Carolina, and was released on June 9, 2006, to positive reviews. It was nominated for two Academy Awards, including Best Animated Feature, and won the Golden Globe Award for Best Animated Feature Film. It was released on DVD November 7, 2006 and on Blu-ray Disc in late 2007. Related merchandise, including scale models of several of the cars, broke records for retail sales of merchandise based on a Disney·Pixar film, bringing an estimated $10 billion in 5 years since the film's release. The film was dedicated to Joe Ranft, who was killed in a car accident during the film's production.
/m/0191_7	Retail is the sale of goods and services from individuals or businesses to the end-user. Retailers are part of an integrated system called the supply chain. A retailer purchases goods or products in large quantities from manufacturers directly or through a wholesale, and then sells smaller quantities to the consumer for a profit. Retailing can be done in either fixed locations like stores or markets, door-to-door or by delivery. Retailing includes subordinated services, such as delivery. The term \"retailer\" is also applied where a service provider services the needs of a large number of individuals, such as for the public. Shops may be on residential streets, streets with few or no houses or in a shopping mall. Shopping streets may be for pedestrians only. Sometimes a shopping street has a partial or full roof to protect customers from precipitation. Online retailing, a type of electronic commerce used for business-to-consumer transactions and mail order, are forms of non-shop retailing.\nShopping generally refers to the act of buying products. Sometimes this is done to obtain necessities such as food and clothing; sometimes it is done as a recreational activity. Recreational shopping often involves window shopping and browsing and does not always result in a purchase.
/m/03dbds	Richard Stuart Linklater is an American film director and screenwriter. He is known for films such as Slacker, Dazed and Confused, Waking Life, A Scanner Darkly, School of Rock, and Before Sunrise and its sequels.
/m/0h1tg	Glutamic acid is one of the 20-22 proteinogenic amino acids, and its codons are GAA and GAG. It is a non-essential amino acid. The carboxylate anions and salts of glutamic acid are known as glutamates. In neuroscience, glutamate is an important neurotransmitter that plays a key role in long-term potentiation and is important for learning and memory.
/m/08qvhv	Gene Reynolds is a former American actor turned award-winning television writer, director, and producer. He was one of the producers of the popular TV series M*A*S*H.
/m/08cyft	Electronic dance music is a set of percussive electronic music genres produced primarily for environments centered in dance-based entertainment, such as nightclub settings. The music is largely created for use by disc jockeys and is produced with the intention of it being heard in the context of a continuous DJ set; wherein the DJ progresses from one record to the next via a synchronized segue or \"mix\". In the United States during the late 00s the acronym EDM established itself as a short hand term for electronic dance music.
/m/049bp4	Associazione Calcio Siena is an Italian football club based in Siena. They currently play in Serie B, as they were relegated from Serie A in the 2012-13 season.\nSiena play their home games at the Stadio Artemio Franchi. The ground's capacity is only 15,725 and is located in Siena itself, whereas its more famous namesake is located in Florence. In March 2011, A.C. Siena announced plans to move to a new stadium at Isola d’Arbia, at the southern end of the city. The 20,000 seat stadium features a unique below-ground design and was awarded an MIPIM AR Future Projects Award for 2011.
/m/02f93t	John Boorman is an English filmmaker who is a longtime resident of Ireland and is best known for his feature films such as Point Blank, Deliverance, Zardoz, Excalibur, The Emerald Forest, Hope and Glory, The General and The Tailor of Panama. He has directed a total of 22 films.
/m/0l1589	A vocoder is an analysis/synthesis system, used to reproduce human speech. In the encoder, the input is passed through a multiband filter, each band is passed through an envelope follower, and the control signals from the envelope followers are communicated to the decoder. The decoder applies these control signals to corresponding filters in the synthesizer. Since the control signals change only slowly compared to the original speech waveform, the bandwidth required to transmit speech can be reduced. This allows more speech channels to share a radio circuit or submarine cable. By encrypting the control signals, voice transmission can be secured against interception.\nThe vocoder was originally developed as a speech coder for telecommunications applications in the 1930s, the idea being to code speech for transmission. Transmitting the parameters of a speech model instead of a digitized representation of the speech waveform saves bandwidth in the communication channel; the parameters of the model change relatively slowly, compared to the changes in the speech waveform that they describe. Its primary use in this fashion is for secure radio communication, where voice has to be encrypted and then transmitted. The advantage of this method of \"encryption\" is that no \"signal\" is sent, but rather envelopes of the bandpass filters. The receiving unit needs to be set up in the same channel configuration to resynthesize a version of the original signal spectrum. The vocoder as both hardware and software has also been used extensively as an electronic musical instrument.
/m/05sxzwc	Jonah Hex is a 2010 American action fantasy western film loosely based on the DC Comics character of the same name. Distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures, the film is directed by Jimmy Hayward and stars Josh Brolin in the title role, along with John Malkovich, Megan Fox, Michael Fassbender, Will Arnett, Michael Shannon, and Aidan Quinn.\nThe film was released on June 18, 2010, receiving universal negative reception from critics and performed poorly at the box office.
/m/09lwrt	Paramore is an American rock band from Franklin, Tennessee, formed in 2004. The band currently consists of lead vocalist Hayley Williams, bassist Jeremy Davis, and guitarist Taylor York. The group released its debut album All We Know Is Falling in 2005, and its second album Riot! in 2007, which was certified Platinum in the US and Ireland and Gold in Australia, Canada, New Zealand, and the UK. Brand New Eyes, Paramore's third album, was released in 2009 and is the band's second-highest charting album to date, going platinum in Ireland and the UK, and gold in the US, Canada, Australia and New Zealand. Paramore's 2013 self-titled fourth album debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard charts in the United States. It was also the No. 1 album in the United Kingdom, Ireland, Australia, New Zealand, Brazil, Argentina and Mexico.
/m/01k98nm	Christopher Cross is an American singer-songwriter from San Antonio, Texas. His debut album earned him five Grammy Awards. He is perhaps best known for his US Top Ten hit songs, \"Sailing\", \"Ride Like the Wind\", and \"Arthur's Theme\", the latter recorded by him for the film Arthur, which starred Dudley Moore. \"Sailing\" earned three Grammys in 1981, while \"Arthur's Theme\" won the Oscar for Best Original Song in 1981.
/m/01tnxc	Dennis William Quaid is an American actor known for his comedic and dramatic roles. First gaining widespread attention in the 1980s, his career rebounded in the 1990s after he overcame an addiction to drugs and an eating disorder. Some of his notable credits include Breaking Away, The Long Riders, The Right Stuff, Enemy Mine, Great Balls of Fire!, The Big Easy, Far from Heaven, The Rookie, The Day After Tomorrow, Traffic, Vantage Point, Footloose, Frequency, Wyatt Earp, Dragonheart, The Parent Trap, Soul Surfer, Playing for Keeps and Innerspace.
/m/021996	San Jose State University is a public university located in San Jose, California, United States. It is the founding school of the 23 campus California State University system, and holds the distinction of being the oldest public institution of higher education on the West Coast of the United States.\nLocated in downtown San Jose, the SJSU main campus is situated on 154 acres, or roughly 19 square blocks. SJSU offers 134 bachelor's and master's degrees with 110 concentrations. The university will launch its first independent doctoral program in 2014. SJSU's total enrollment was 30,448 in 2012, including over 4,700 graduate students, the largest graduate student enrollment of any campus in the CSU system.\nSJSU's student population is one of the most ethnically diverse in the nation, with large Asian and Hispanic enrollments, as well as the highest foreign student enrollment of all master's institutions in the United States.\nPopular undergraduate majors at SJSU include business, engineering, visual and performing arts, nursing, psychology, justice studies, biology, kinesiology, journalism and computer science. Popular fields of study among graduate students include engineering, library and information science, education and social work.
/m/015gsv	Clifford Parker \"Cliff\" Robertson III was an American actor with a film and television career that spanned half a century. Robertson portrayed a young John F. Kennedy in the 1963 film PT 109, and won the 1968 Academy Award for Best Actor for his role in the movie Charly. On television, he portrayed retired astronaut Buzz Aldrin in the 1976 adaptation of Aldrin's autobiographic Return to Earth, played a fictional character based on Director of Central Intelligence Richard Helms in the 1977 adaptation of John Ehrlichman's Watergate novel The Company, and portrayed Henry Ford in the 1987 Ford: The Man and the Machine. His last well-known film appearances were in 2002 through 2007 as Uncle Ben in the Spider-Man film trilogy.
/m/0564mx	Jane Espenson is an American television writer and producer.\nShe has worked on both situation comedies and serial dramas. She had a five-year stint as a writer and producer on Buffy the Vampire Slayer and shared a Hugo Award for her writing on the episode \"Conversations with Dead People\". Between 2009-2010 she served on Caprica, as co-executive and executive producer for the television series. In 2010 she wrote an episode of HBO's Game of Thrones, and joined the writing staff for season four of the British television program Torchwood, which aired on BBC One in the United Kingdom and Starz in the United States during mid-2011. She is currently working as a consulting producer and writer on ABC's 2011 series Once Upon a Time, and has co-written and produced her first independent original web series with co-creator Brad Bell, entitled Husbands.
/m/027752	The United National Party, often referred to as the UNP, is a political party in Sri Lanka. It currently is the main opposition party in Sri Lanka and is headed by Ranil Wickremesinghe. The UNP is considered to have right-leaning, pro-capitalist, Liberal conservative policies.\nAt the last legislative elections in Sri Lanka, held on 2 April 2004, the UNP was the leading member of the coalition United National Front, which won 37.8% of the popular vote and 82 out of 225 seats in Parliament. It came in second to the United People's Freedom Alliance, a left-leaning coalition, which won 45.60% of the vote. The Front previously held a majority in parliament from December 2001 until April 2004, when it had 109 seats, with Ranil Wickremesinghe as prime minister. The UNP had previously been the governing party or in the governing coalition from 1947 to 1956, from 1965 to 1970 and from 1977 to 1994. In total, the UNP governed Sri Lanka for 33 of 57 years of its independent history. The UNP also had control of the executive presidency from the presidency's formation in 1978 to 1994.
/m/03j_hq	Gwar is a satirical thrash metal band formed in Richmond, Virginia in 1984. The band is well known for its elaborate science fiction/horror film inspired costumes, obscene lyrics and graphic stage performances, which feature humorous enactments of politically and morally taboo themes.
/m/01fmz6	KC and the Sunshine Band is an American musical group. Founded in 1973 in Miami, Florida, their style has included funk, R&B, and disco. Their most well known songs include the disco hits \"That's the Way\", \" Shake Your Booty\", \"I'm Your Boogie Man\", \"Keep It Comin' Love\", \"Get Down Tonight\", \"Give It Up\", and \"Please Don't Go\". They took their name from lead vocalist Harry Wayne Casey's last name and the \"Sunshine Band\" from KC's home state of Florida.
/m/046vvc	The Thailand national soccer team represents Thailand in international soccer competition and is governed by the Football Association of Thailand. The team has a history of success in Southeast Asian competition, with three ASEAN Football Championship titles and nine senior-level Southeast Asian Games titles. Thailand also finished third in the 1972 Asian Cup and have competed twice in the Summer Olympics and four times in the Asian Games.\nIn the FIFA World Rankings, Thailand highest standing was in the first release of the figures, in September 1998, at 43rd. The team is currently ranked 137th in the World, 20th in Asia and 1st in South East Asia by FIFA.
/m/02y8z	Fencing is the sport of fighting with swords. The most common version of fencing today, also called olympic fencing or competitive fencing, is divided into three weapon categories: foil, sabre and épée. Classical fencing uses the same three weapons, but approaches fencing as a martial art.\nCompetitive fencing is one of five sports which has been featured at every one of the modern Olympic Games, the other four being Athletics, Cycling, Swimming, and Gymnastics.
/m/0c5v2	Boca Raton is a city in Palm Beach County, Florida, United States, incorporated in May 1925. In the 2010 census, the city had a total population of 84,392; the 2012 population estimated by the U.S. Census Bureau was 87,836. However, the majority of people with a Boca Raton postal address—about 200,000—do not actually reside within Boca Raton's municipal boundaries. As a business center, the city's daytime population increases significantly.\nIn terms of both population and land area, Boca Raton is the largest city between West Palm Beach and Pompano Beach, Broward County.
/m/05wdgq	Jackie Shroff is an Indian actor. He has been in the Gujarati cinema and Hindi cinema industries for almost 3 decades and has appeared in over 151 films in Nine languages .
/m/02dlfh	David Wayne Spade is an American actor, comedian, and television personality. He rose to fame in the 1990s as a cast member on Saturday Night Live, for co-starring in the 1995 comedy Tommy Boy, and from 1997 until 2003 when he starred as Dennis Finch on Just Shoot Me!. He also starred as C. J. Barnes, along with Katey Sagal, James Garner, and Kaley Cuoco on 8 Simple Rules.\nHe starred as Russell Dunbar on the CBS sitcom Rules of Engagement. He also is working with TBS on an animated series based on his film, Joe Dirt.
/m/04gbl3	Ocean Software Ltd, commonly referred to as Ocean, was a British software development company, that became one of the biggest European video game developers/publishers of the 1980s and 1990s. It was acquired by a French holding company, Infogrames in 1996 and renamed to Infogrames UK in 1998, and again in 2004 to Atari UK, and once again in 2009 now known as Atari, Inc.\nThe company was founded by David Ward and Jon Woods and was based in Manchester. Ocean developed dozens of games for a variety of systems such as the ZX Spectrum, Commodore 64, MSX, Amstrad CPC, Commodore 16, Atari ST, Amiga, PC, and video game consoles such as the Nintendo Entertainment System, Super Nintendo Entertainment System, Sega Master System and Sega Mega Drive.
/m/0n2g	Anglicanism is a tradition within Christianity comprising the Church of England and churches which are historically tied to it or have similar beliefs, worship practices and church structures. The word Anglican originates in ecclesia anglicana, a medieval Latin phrase dating to at least 1246 that means the English Church. Adherents of Anglicanism are called Anglicans. The great majority of Anglicans are members of churches which are part of the international Anglican Communion. There are, however, a number of churches outside of the Anglican Communion which also consider themselves to be Anglican, most notably those referred to as Continuing Anglican churches.\nThe faith of Anglicans is founded in the scriptures, the traditions of the apostolic church, the apostolic succession and the early Church Fathers. Anglicanism forms one of the branches of Western Christianity; having definitively declared its independence from the Roman pontiff at the time of the Elizabethan Religious Settlement. Many of the new Anglican formularies of the mid-16th century corresponded closely to those of contemporary Reformed Protestantism. These reforms in the Church of England were understood by one of those most responsible for them, the then Archbishop of Canterbury Thomas Cranmer, as navigating a middle way between two of the emerging Protestant traditions, namely Lutheranism and Calvinism. By the end of the century, the retention in Anglicanism of many traditional liturgical forms and of the episcopate was already seen as unacceptable by those promoting the most developed Protestant principles.
/m/0mtl5	Davidson County is a county located in the State of Tennessee. As of the 2010 census, the population was 626,681, making it the second most populous county in Tennessee. Its county seat is Nashville.\nIn 1963, the City of Nashville and the Davidson County government merged, so the county government is now known as the \"Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County,\" or \"Metro Nashville\" for short.\nDavidson County has the largest population in the 13-county Nashville-Davidson–Murfreesboro–Franklin Metropolitan Statistical Area. Nashville has always been the region's center of commerce, industry, transportation, and culture, but it did not become the capital of Tennessee until 1827 and did not gain permanent capital status until 1843.
/m/0cmdwwg	50/50 is a 2011 biography, comedy, drama film written by Will Reiser and directed by Jonathan Levine.
/m/0bxbb	Rockville is a city located in the central region of Montgomery County, Maryland. It is the county seat and is a major incorporated city of Montgomery County and forms part of the Baltimore-Washington Metropolitan Area. The 2010 United States Census tabulated the Rockville's population at 61,209, making it the third largest incorporated city in Maryland, behind Baltimore and Frederick. Rockville is the largest incorporated city in Montgomery County, Maryland, although the nearby census-designated place of Germantown is more populous.\nRockville, along with neighboring Gaithersburg and Bethesda, is at the core of the Interstate 270 Technology Corridor which is home to numerous software and biotechnology companies as well as several federal government institutions. The city also has several upscale regional shopping centers and is one of the major retail hubs in Montgomery County.
/m/05808s	East West Records is an American record label, owned by Warner Music Group, that operates under WMG's Independent Label Group.
/m/037w7r	Geraldine Leigh Chaplin is a British-American actress and the daughter of Charlie Chaplin and Oona O'Neil.\nShe came to prominence for her Golden Globe–nominated role of Tonya in David Lean's Doctor Zhivago. She received her second Golden Globe nomination for Robert Altman's Nashville. She also appeared in his other pictures, Buffalo Bill and the Indians, or Sitting Bull's History Lesson and A Wedding. She received a BAFTA nomination for her role in Welcome to L.A.. She then appeared in Roseland and Remember My Name. She played her grandmother Hannah Chaplin in the biopic, Chaplin for which she received her third Golden Globe nomination. She also appeared in The Age of Innocence, Jane Eyre, Mother Teresa: In the Name of God's Poor and The Wolfman.\nChaplin has also appeared in several Spanish and French films. She starred in Claude Lelouch's Les Uns et les Autres, the Alain Resnais comedy, Life Is a Bed of Roses and the Jacques Rivette experimental film, Love on the Ground. She has, arguably, enjoyed her greatest critical success collaborating with Carlos Saura. She starred in several notable films by the director, such as Ana and the Wolves, Cría cuervos, Elisa, vida mía, and Mamá cumple cien años. She collaborated with Pedro Almodóvar in Talk to Her. She was awarded a Goya Award for her role in En la ciudad sin límites and was nominated again for The Orphanage. Her contribution to Spanish cinema culminated in her being awarded the Gold medal by the Spanish Academy of Cinematographic Arts and Sciences in 2006.
/m/0f1k__	AC Bellinzona was a Swiss football club based in Bellinzona. It was founded in 1904, and won the Swiss Super League in 1948.
/m/0n2z	Athens is the capital and largest city of Greece. Athens dominates the Attica region and is one of the world's oldest cities, with its recorded history spanning around 3,400 years. Classical Athens, as a landlocked location was a powerful city-state that emerged in conjunction with the seagoing development of the port of Piraeus. A centre for the arts, learning and philosophy, home of Plato's Academy and Aristotle's Lyceum, it is widely referred to as the cradle of Western civilization and the birthplace of democracy, largely due to the impact of its cultural and political achievements during the 5th and 4th centuries BC in later centuries on the rest of the then known European continent. Today a cosmopolitan metropolis, modern Athens is central to economic, financial, industrial, political and cultural life in Greece. In 2012, Athens was ranked the world's 39th richest city by purchasing power and the 77th most expensive in a UBS study.\nThe city of Athens has a population of 664,046 within its administrative limits and a land area of 39 km². The urban area of Athens extends beyond the administrative municipal city limits, with a population of 3,074,160, over an area of 412 km². According to Eurostat, the Athens Larger Urban Zone is the 7th most populous LUZ in the European Union, with a population of 4,013,368. Athens is also the southernmost capital on the European mainland.
/m/01qjct	Neath is a town and community situated in the principal area of Neath Port Talbot, Wales, UK with a population of 19,258 in 2011. The wider urban area, which includes neighbouring settlements, had a population of 50,658 in 2011. Historically in Glamorgan, the town is located on the river of the same name, 7 miles east northeast of Swansea.
/m/025504	Endemol is an international television production and distribution company owned by Italian media conglomerate Mediaset and headquartered in the Netherlands, with subsidiaries and joint ventures in 23 countries. Endemol created and runs reality and talent game show franchises worldwide, including Big Brother, Deal or No Deal, Wipeout, The Money Drop, and Your Face Sounds Familiar.
/m/0bxbr	Bethesda is a census-designated place in southern Montgomery County, Maryland, just northwest of the United States capital of Washington, D.C. It takes its name from a local church, the Bethesda Meeting House, which in turn took its name from Jerusalem's Pool of Bethesda. The National Institutes of Health main campus and the Walter Reed National Military Medical Center are in Bethesda, as are a number of corporate and government headquarters.\nBethesda is one of the most affluent and highly educated communities in the United States, placing first in Forbes list of America's most educated small towns and first on CNNMoney.com's list of top-earning American towns in 2012. In April 2009, Forbes ranked Bethesda second on its list of \"America's Most Livable Cities.\" In October 2009, based on education, income, health, and fitness, Total Beauty ranked Bethesda first on its list of the U.S.'s \"Top 10 Hottest-Guy Cities.\"\nAs an unincorporated area, Bethesda has no official boundaries. The United States Census Bureau defines a census-designated place named Bethesda whose center is located at 38°59' North, 77°7' West. The United States Geological Survey has defined Bethesda as an area whose center is at 38°58′50″N 77°6′2″W﻿ / ﻿38.98056°N 77.10056°W, slightly different from the Census Bureau's definition. Other definitions are used by the Bethesda Urban Planning District, the United States Postal Service, and other organizations. According to figures released by the U.S. Census Bureau in 2010, the community had a total population of 60,858. Most of Bethesda's residents are in Maryland Legislative District 16.
/m/0c_gcr	Edward Maurice Charles \"Eddie\" Marsan is an English actor. He is best known for his roles in the films Gangster No. 1, Mission: Impossible III, Sixty Six, V for Vendetta, Hancock, Happy-Go-Lucky, Sherlock Holmes, War Horse, Sherlock Holmes: A Game of Shadows, The Best of Men, and The World's End.
/m/01hn_t	Thomas & Friends is a British children's television series, which had its first broadcast on the ITV network on 4 September 1984. It is based on The Railway Series of books by the Reverend Wilbert Awdry and his son, Christopher Awdry. These books deal with the adventures of a group of anthropomorphised locomotives and road vehicles who live on the fictional Island of Sodor. The books were based on stories Wilbert told to entertain his son, Christopher, during his recovery from measles. From the first four series, many of the stories are based on events from Awdry's personal experience.
/m/02s62q	Rhode Island School of Design is a fine arts and design college located in Providence, in the U.S. state of Rhode Island. Founded in 1877, it is located at the base of College Hill; the RISD campus is contiguous with the Brown University campus. The two institutions share social, academic, and community resources and offer joint courses. Applicants to RISD are required to complete RISD's infamous two-drawing \"hometest\", one of which involves the trademark RISD bicycle drawing.\nIt includes about 350 faculty and curators, and 400 staff members. About 1,880 undergraduates and 370 graduate students enroll from all over the United States and 50 other countries. It offers 16 undergraduate majors and 17 graduate majors. RISD is a member of the Association of Independent Colleges of Art and Design, a consortium of thirty-six leading art schools in the United States. It also maintains over 80,000 works of art in the RISD Museum.
/m/04vn_k	Ternana Calcio is an Italian football club based in the city of Terni, Umbria.\nThe club was founded in 1925 and refounded in 1993. In its history, Ternana have twice played in Serie A. The club is currently playing in Serie B.\nThe first team from Umbria to reach Serie A, Ternana enjoy a local rivalry with Perugia, and play their home matches at the Stadio Libero Liberati.
/m/03fkgg	The Ohio Senate is the upper house of the Ohio General Assembly, the legislative body for the U.S. state of Ohio. There are 33 Senators. The state legislature meets in the state capital, Columbus. The President of the Senate presides over the body when in session, and is currently Keith Faber.\nSenators serve four year terms. The terms of the Senators are staggered so that approximately half the membership is elected every two years. The Senators representing the even-numbered districts are elected in years evenly divisible by four. The Senators from the odd-numbered districts are elected in the intervening even-numbered years. Senators are limited to two terms.\nEach Senator represents approximately 330,000 Ohioans, and each Senate District encompasses three corresponding Ohio House of Representatives Districts.
/m/09btt1	Christina Rene Hendricks is an American actress. She is most known for her role as Joan Harris on the AMC television series Mad Men and as Saffron on the FOX series Firefly. She has been nominated for four Emmy Awards for her work on Mad Men. A poll of female readers taken by Esquire magazine named Hendricks \"the sexiest woman in the world\". In 2010, she was voted Best Looking American Woman by Esquire magazine.
/m/02p0qmm	A college is an educational institution or a constituent part of one. Usage of the word college varies in English-speaking nations. A college may be a degree-awarding tertiary educational institution, a part of a collegiate university, or an institution offering vocational education.\nIn the United States, \"college\" formally refers to a constituent part of a university. In the US, \"college\" and \"university\" are interchangeable, whereas in Ireland, the UK, New Zealand, Australia, Canada and other former and present Commonwealth nations, \"college\" may refer to a secondary or high school, a college of further education, a training institution that awards trade qualifications, or a constituent part of a university.
/m/08hhm6	Manoj Kumar is an award-winning Indian actor and director in the Bollywood film industry. He is remembered for his films Hariyali Aur Raasta, Woh Kaun Thi?, Himalaya Ki God Mein, Do Badan, Upkar, Patthar Ke Sanam, Neel Kamal, Purab Aur Paschim, Roti Kapda Aur Makaan, and Kranti. He is known for acting in and directing films with patriotic themes, and has been given the nickname \"Bhaarat Kumar\". In 1992, he was honoured with the Padma Shri by the Government of India.
/m/01jvxb	The University of Exeter is a public research university located in South West England, United Kingdom. The university was founded and received its Royal Charter in 1955, although its predecessor institutions, the Royal Albert Memorial College and the University College of the South West of England, were established in 1900 and 1922 respectively. In post-nominals, the University of Exeter is abbreviated as Exon., and is the suffix given to honorary and academic degrees from the university.\nThe university has three campuses: Streatham; St Luke's; and Tremough in Cornwall. The university is centred in the city of Exeter, Devon, where it is the principal higher education institution. Streatham is the largest campus containing many of the university's administrative buildings, and is regarded as one of the most beautiful in the country. The Tremough campus is maintained in conjunction with Falmouth University under the Combined Universities in Cornwall initiative.\nThe University of Exeter has been named The Sunday Times University of the Year 2013 and was the Times Higher Education University of the Year 2007. Exeter has maintained a top ten position in the National Student Survey since the survey was launched in 2005. In 2011, it was regarded as one of the top 12 elite universities in the United Kingdom, and has been consistently ranked as one of the top 10 UK universities in recent years.
/m/0154qm	Catherine Élise \"Cate\" Blanchett is an Australian actress who has received several accolades, including a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, three Screen Actors Guild Awards, three Golden Globe Awards, three BAFTAs, and an Academy Award.\nShe came to international attention for her role as Elizabeth I of England in the 1998 film Elizabeth, for which she won the British Academy of Film and Television Arts and Golden Globe awards, and earned her first Academy Award nomination for Best Actress. Blanchett appeared as the elf Lady Galadriel in Peter Jackson's The Lord of the Rings trilogy from 2001 to 2003. In 2004, Blanchett's portrayal of Katharine Hepburn in Martin Scorsese's The Aviator brought her numerous awards, including an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress.\nBlanchett's other notable films include Babel, Notes on a Scandal, I'm Not There, Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull, and The Curious Case of Benjamin Button. She achieved further success in 2013 for her starring role in Blue Jasmine, earning her a third Golden Globe Award, a third BAFTA Award, and a sixth Academy Award nomination.\nBlanchett was appointed Chevalier the Order of Arts and Letters by the French government on 30 March 2012.
/m/08pth9	Elisabeth Singleton Moss is an American actor. Her notable roles include Peggy Olson, secretary-turned-copywriter on the AMC series, Mad Men; Zoey Bartlet, the youngest daughter of President Josiah Bartlet, on the NBC television series The West Wing; and Robin Griffin in the miniseries, Top of the Lake, the latter of which won her a Golden Globe and Satellite Awards for Best Actress in a Miniseries and/or TV film.
/m/02jxkw	Alan Anthony Silvestri is an American composer and conductor who works primarily in film and television. He is best known for his frequent collaboration with director Robert Zemeckis, including composing major hit films such as the Back to the Future trilogy and Forrest Gump, as well as the superhero films Captain America: The First Avenger and Marvel's The Avengers.
/m/0ds3t5x	The Help is a 2011 American drama film adaptation of the novel of the same name by Kathryn Stockett, adapted for the screen and directed by Tate Taylor. Featuring an ensemble cast, the film is about a young white woman, Eugenia \"Skeeter\" Phelan, and her relationship with two black maids, Aibileen Clark and Minny Jackson during Civil Rights era America. Skeeter is a journalist who decides to write a book from the point of view of the maids, exposing the racism they are faced with as they work for white families.\nSet in Jackson, Mississippi, it stars Emma Stone, Viola Davis, Octavia Spencer, Bryce Dallas Howard, Jessica Chastain, Ahna O'Reilly, Chris Lowell, Sissy Spacek, Mike Vogel, Cicely Tyson, LaChanze, and Allison Janney. Produced by DreamWorks Pictures and distributed by Disney's Touchstone Pictures label, the film opened to positive reviews and became a box-office success with a gross of $211.6 million against its budget of $25 million.\nIn February 2012, the film received four Academy Award nominations including Best Picture, Best Actress for Davis, Best Supporting Actress for Chastain, and a win for Best Supporting Actress for Spencer. On January 29, 2012, the film won the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Cast in a Motion Picture.
/m/0287xhr	Guangzhou Evergrande Football Club is a professional Chinese football club based in the 58,500-seat Tianhe Stadium in Guangzhou, Guangdong, where they currently participate in the Chinese Super League. They are the champions of Asian Club Championship in 2013 and three times in a row Chinese champions. Originally founded in 1954, their biggest achievements were winning several second-tier division titles before they became professional in 1993 and achieved an upswing in results, leading to a runners-up spot in China's top division. Unable to improve upon these results the club would go through a period of stagnation and then decline before they experienced a brief revival when they won the 2007 second division, however in 2009 the club were embroiled in a match-fixing scandal. This saw them punished with relegation, however the Evergrande Real Estate Group decided to purchase the club and pumped significant funds into the team, which saw them immediately win promotion as well as gain their first ever top-tier title in the following campaign in the 2011 Chinese Super League season. The club won its first AFC Champions League title in 2013, becoming the first Chinese football club to win the continental title in its current format. The club finished fourth place in the 2013 FIFA Club World Cup.
/m/06pr6	Saint Petersburg is a city and a federal subject of Russia located on the Neva River at the head of the Gulf of Finland on the Baltic Sea. In 1914 the name of the city was changed from Saint Petersburg to Petrograd, in 1924 to Leningrad, and in 1991, back to Saint Petersburg.\nIn Russian literature, informal documents, and discourse, the \"Saint\" is usually omitted, leaving Petersburg. In common parlance Russians may drop \"-burg\" as well, referring to it as Pieter.\nSaint Petersburg was founded by the Tsar Peter the Great on May 27 [O.S. 16] 1703. From 1713 to 1728 and from 1732 to 1918, Saint Petersburg was the Imperial capital of Russia. In 1918 the central government bodies moved from Saint Petersburg to Moscow. It is Russia's 2nd largest city after Moscow with 5 million inhabitants and the fourth most populated federal subject. Saint Petersburg is a major European cultural center, and also an important Russian port on the Baltic Sea.\nSaint Petersburg is often described as the most Western city of Russia, as well as its cultural capital. It is the northernmost city in the world to have a population of over five million. The Historic Centre of Saint Petersburg and Related Groups of Monuments constitute a UNESCO World Heritage Site. Saint Petersburg is also home to The Hermitage, one of the largest art museums in the world. A large number of foreign consulates, international corporations, banks and other businesses are located in Saint Petersburg.
/m/09v0wy2	The Hong Kong Film Award for Best Action Choreography is an annual Hong Kong industry award presented to a choreographer or a group of choreographers for the best achievement in action choreography.
/m/01kqq7	Wild at Heart is a 1990 American crime thriller film written and directed by David Lynch, and based on Barry Gifford's 1989 novel of the same name. Both the book and the film revolve around Sailor Ripley and Lula Pace Fortune, a young couple from Cape Fear, North Carolina who go on the run from her domineering mother. Due to her mother's machinations, the mob becomes involved.\nLynch was originally going to produce, but after reading Gifford's book decided to also write and direct the film. He did not like the ending of the novel and decided to change it in order to stay true to his vision of the main characters. Wild at Heart is a road movie and includes several allusions to The Wizard of Oz as well as Elvis Presley and his movies.\nEarly test screenings for the film did not go well; Lynch estimated that 80 people walked out of the first test screening and 100 in the next. The film received mixed to negative critical reviews and was a moderate success at the US box office, grossing USD$14 million, above its $10 million budget. The film won the Palme d'Or at the 1990 Cannes Film Festival, at which it received both negative and positive attention from its audience. Diane Ladd was nominated for Best Supporting Actress for both the Academy Awards and the Golden Globes.
/m/09v51c2	The Hong Kong Film Award for Best Film is an annual Hong Kong industry award presented to the films which is considered the best of the year.
/m/0sxgv	The Right Stuff is a 1983 American drama film that was adapted from Tom Wolfe's best-selling 1979 book of the same name about the Navy, Marine and Air Force test pilots who were involved in aeronautical research at Edwards Air Force Base, California, as well as the seven military pilots who were selected to be the astronauts for Project Mercury, the first attempt at manned spaceflight by the United States. The Right Stuff stars Ed Harris, Scott Glenn, Sam Shepard, Fred Ward, Dennis Quaid and Barbara Hershey. Levon Helm is the narrator in the introduction and elsewhere in the film, as well as having a co-starring role as Air Force test pilot Jack Ridley. In 2013 the film was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant\".
/m/019jw	Blood is a bodily fluid in animals that delivers necessary substances such as nutrients and oxygen to the cells and transports metabolic waste products away from those same cells.\nIn vertebrates, it is composed of blood cells suspended in blood plasma. Plasma, which constitutes 55% of blood fluid, is mostly water, and contains dissipated proteins, glucose, mineral ions, hormones, carbon dioxide, and blood cells themselves. Albumin is the main protein in plasma, and it functions to regulate the colloidal osmotic pressure of blood. The blood cells are mainly red blood cells and white blood cells, including leukocytes and platelets. The most abundant cells in vertebrate blood are red blood cells. These contain hemoglobin, an iron-containing protein, which facilitates transportation of oxygen by reversibly binding to this respiratory gas and greatly increasing its solubility in blood. In contrast, carbon dioxide is almost entirely transported extracellularly dissolved in plasma as bicarbonate ion.\nVertebrate blood is bright red when its hemoglobin is oxygenated. Some animals, such as crustaceans and mollusks, use hemocyanin to carry oxygen, instead of hemoglobin. Insects and some mollusks use a fluid called hemolymph instead of blood, the difference being that hemolymph is not contained in a closed circulatory system. In most insects, this \"blood\" does not contain oxygen-carrying molecules such as hemoglobin because their bodies are small enough for their tracheal system to suffice for supplying oxygen.
/m/01vw87c	John Francis Bongiovi, Jr., known as Jon Bon Jovi, is an American musician, singer, songwriter, record producer and actor, best known as the founder and lead singer of rock band Bon Jovi, which was formed in 1983.\nDuring his career, he has released two solo albums and eleven studio albums with his band, which to date have sold over 130 million albums worldwide making them one of the world's best-selling music artists. In addition to his music career, Jon Bon Jovi started an acting career in the 1990s, starring roles in several movies include Moonlight and Valentino and U-571 and also made appearances on TV series including Sex and the City and Ally McBeal.\nAs a songwriter, Jon Bon Jovi was inducted into Songwriters Hall of Fame in 2009. In 2012, Jon Bon Jovi ranked number fifty on the list of Billboard magazine's \"Power 100\", a ranking of \"The Most Powerful and Influential People In The Music Business\". In 1996, People magazine named him as one of the \"50 Most Beautiful People In The World\". In 2000, the same magazine named him as the \"Sexiest Rock Star\" and he was also placed at number thirteen on VH1's \"100 Sexiest Artists \".\nIn addition, Jon Bon Jovi was the one of the founders and majority owners of the Arena Football League team Philadelphia Soul. He is the founder of The Jon Bon Jovi Soul Foundation which was founded in 2006 and exists to combat issues that force families and individuals into economic despair. He also campaigned for Al Gore in the 2000 Presidential election, John Kerry in the 2004 Presidential election, and Barack Obama in the 2008 Presidential election. In 2010, President Barack Obama named Jon Bon Jovi to the White House Council for Community Solutions. He was also awarded an honorary Doctorate of Humanities from Monmouth University in 2001.
/m/03zv2t	Lund is a city in the province of Scania, southern Sweden. The town has 82,800 inhabitants in 2010, out of a municipal total of 110,824. It is the seat of Lund Municipality, Skåne County. The city is believed to have been founded around 990, when Scania belonged to Denmark. It soon became a major Christian center of the Baltic Sea region, at a time when the area was still a frontier area for Christian mission, and within Scandinavia and especially Denmark through the Middle Ages. From 1103 it was the seat of an archbishop. At the center of the city stands the towering Lund Cathedral, built ca 1090–1145.\nLund University, established 1666, is today one of Scandinavia's largest institutions for education and research.
/m/03ykjs9	Comedy is a word that Greeks and Romans confined to descriptions of stage-plays with happy endings. In the Middle Ages, the term expanded to include narrative poems with happy endings and a lighter tone. In this sense Dante used the term in the title of his poem, La Divina Commedia. As time passed, the word came more and more to be associated with any sort of performance intended to cause laughter.\nThe phenomena connected with laughter and that which provokes it has been carefully investigated by psychologists and agreed upon the predominating characteristics are incongruity or contrast in the object, and shock or emotional seizure on the part of the subject. It has also been held that the feeling of superiority is an essential factor: thus Thomas Hobbes speaks of laughter as a \"sudden glory.\" Modern investigators have paid much attention to the origin both of laughter and of smiling, as well as the development of the \"play instinct\" and its emotional expression.\nMuch comedy contains variations on the elements of surprise, incongruity, conflict, repetitiveness, and the effect of opposite expectations, but there are many recognized genres of comedy. Satire and political satire use ironic comedy used to portray persons or social institutions as ridiculous or corrupt, thus alienating their audience from the object of humor.
/m/01k2wn	Wesleyan University is a private liberal arts college in Middletown, Connecticut, USA, founded in 1831. Wesleyan is the only Baccalaureate College in the nation that emphasizes undergraduate instruction in the arts and sciences, provides graduate research in many academic disciplines, and grants PhD degrees primarily in the sciences and mathematics. Wesleyan is the second most productive liberal arts college in the United States with respect to the number of undergraduates who go on to earn PhDs in all fields of study.\nFounded under the auspices of the Methodist Episcopal Church and with the support of prominent residents of Middletown, the now secular university was the first institution of higher education to be named after John Wesley, the founder of Methodism. About 20 unrelated colleges and universities were subsequently named after Wesley. Wesleyan, along with Amherst College and Williams College, is a member of the historic Little Three colleges and is known as one of the Little Ivies.
/m/04fh3	Kosovo, sometimes referred to as Kosovo and Metohija, is a region in southeastern Europe. In antiquity, the Dardanian kingdom, and later Roman province of Dardania was located in the region. It was part of Serbia in the Middle Ages, during which time many important Serbian Orthodox Christian monasteries, some of which are now UNESCO World Heritage sites, were built.\nMany consider the Battle of Kosovo of 1389 to be a defining moment in Serbian medieval history and identity. In the 15th century, the region was conquered by the Muslim Ottoman Empire and remained under Ottoman rule for almost five centuries.\nKosovo again found itself within the Serbian state when it was incorporated into the Kingdom of Serbia as a result of Ottoman defeat in the First Balkan War. After a period of Yugoslav unitarianism in the Kingdom of Yugoslavia, the post-World War II Yugoslav constitution established the Autonomous Province of Kosovo and Metohija within the Yugoslav constituent republic of Serbia.
/m/04mky3	Sufjan Stevens is an American singer-songwriter and musician born in Detroit, Michigan. Stevens first began releasing his music on Asthmatic Kitty, a label co-founded with his stepfather, beginning with the 1999 release, A Sun Came. He is best known for his 2005 album, Illinois, which hit number one in the Billboard Top Heatseekers chart, and for the song \"Chicago\".\nStevens has released albums of varying styles, from the electronica of Enjoy Your Rabbit and the lo-fi folk of Seven Swans to the symphonic instrumentation of Illinois and Christmas-themed Songs for Christmas. Stevens makes use of a variety of instruments, often playing many of them himself on the same recording, and writes music in various time signatures. Though he has repeatedly stated an intent to separate his beliefs from his music, Stevens also freely draws from the Bible and other spiritual traditions, often incorporating mystical elements into his music.
/m/04n1hqz	Fotbal Club Vaslui is a Romanian football club from Vaslui, which plays in Liga I, the top level of Romanian football. Formed in 2002 as Fotbal Club Municipal Vaslui, the club assumed its final name in 2005 and is the top-ranked football club from Vaslui.\nFollowing its promotion to Liga I in 2005, the club has become one of the most prominent in Romania. It has gained a European spot in each of the past five seasons, narrowly missing the championship in 2012, and losing its first Romanian Cup final in 2010. Since their foundation the club have finished each season in a higher rank than in the previous.\nThe official team colours are yellow and green, giving rise to the nickname yellow-greens, but lately their away strip consisted of white with black stripes.
/m/037c9s	A bass is a type of classical male singing voice and is the lowest vocal range of all voice types. According to The New Grove Dictionary of Opera, a bass is typically classified as having a vocal range extending from around the second E below middle C to the E above middle C. Its tessitura, or comfortable range, is normally defined by the outermost lines of the bass clef.
/m/02x6dqb	Annie is a 1982 American musical film adapted from the Broadway musical of the same name by Charles Strouse, Martin Charnin and Thomas Meehan, which in turn is based on Little Orphan Annie, the 1924 comic strip by Harold Gray. The film was directed by John Huston, scripted by Carol Sobieski, and stars Albert Finney, Carol Burnett, Ann Reinking, Tim Curry, Bernadette Peters, Geoffrey Holder, Edward Herrmann and Aileen Quinn. Set during the Great Depression, the film tells the story of Annie, a mischievous orphan from New York City who is taken in by America's richest billionaire Oliver Warbucks. Filming took place for six weeks at Monmouth University in New Jersey.\nAnnie was released on May 17, 1982, and received mixed reviews from critics. The film was nominated for Best Production Design and Best Song Score and its Adaptation at the 55th Academy Awards. Aileen Quinn won both a Best Young Actress at the Young Artist Awards and a Worst Supporting Actress at the Razzies.\nA television film sequel, named Annie: A Royal Adventure! was released in 1995. In their first film collaboration, Disney and Columbia Pictures made the TV film Annie in 1999.
/m/03kfl	Hilversum is a municipality and a city in the Netherlands, in the province of North Holland. Located in the region called \"'t Gooi\", it is the largest town in that area. It is surrounded by heathland, woods, meadows, lakes, and smaller villages. Hilversum is part of the Randstad, one of the largest conurbations in Europe.
/m/01fpdh	The Reform Party of Canada was a Canadian federal political party that existed from 1987 to 2000. It was originally founded as a Western Canada-based protest party, but attempted to expand eastward in the 1990s. It viewed itself as a populist party.\nSoon after its formation it moved to the right and became a populist conservative party. Initially, the Reform Party was motivated by the need for democratic reforms and by profound Western Canadian discontent with the Progressive Conservative government of Brian Mulroney. Led by its founder Preston Manning, the Reform Party rapidly gained momentum in western Canada and sought to expand its base in the east. Manning, son of longtime Alberta Premier Ernest Manning, gained support partly from the same political constituency as his father's old party, the Social Credit Party of Alberta.
/m/03sww	Tracy Lauren Marrow, better known by his stage name Ice-T, is an American rapper, singer and actor. He was born in Newark, New Jersey, and moved to the Crenshaw district of Los Angeles when he was in the 8th grade. Tracy \"Ice-T\" Marrow's music career started with the band of the singing group, The Precious Few of Crenshaw High School. Tracy and his group opened the show, dancing to a live band. The singers were Thomas Barnes, Ronald Robinson and Lapekas Mayfield.\nAfter graduating from high school, he served in the United States Army for four years. He began his career as a rapper in the 1980s and was signed to Sire Records in 1987, when he released his debut album Rhyme Pays, the first hip-hop album to carry an explicit content sticker. The next year, he founded the record label Rhyme Syndicate Records and released another album, Power.\nHe co-founded the heavy metal band Body Count, which he introduced in his 1991 album O.G.: Original Gangster. Body Count released its self-titled debut album in 1992. Ice-T encountered controversy over his track \"Cop Killer\", which was perceived to glamorize killing police officers. Ice-T asked to be released from his contract with Warner Bros. Records, and his next solo album, Home Invasion, was released later in February 1993 through Priority Records. Body Count's next album was released in 1994, and Ice-T released two more albums in the late 1990s. Since 2000, he has portrayed NYPD Detective Odafin Tutuola on the NBC police drama Law & Order: Special Victims Unit.
/m/07h1q	Theodor W. Adorno was a German sociologist, philosopher and musicologist known for his critical theory of society.\nHe was a leading member of the Frankfurt School of critical theory, whose work has come to be associated with thinkers such as Ernst Bloch, Walter Benjamin, Max Horkheimer and Herbert Marcuse, for whom the work of Freud, Marx and Hegel were essential to a critique of modern society. He is widely regarded as one of the 20th century's foremost thinkers on aesthetics and philosophy, as well as one of its preeminent essayists. As a critic of both fascism and what he called the culture industry, his writings—such as Dialectic of Enlightenment, Minima Moralia and Negative Dialectics —strongly influenced the European New Left.\nAmidst the vogue enjoyed by existentialism and positivism in early 20th-century Europe, Adorno advanced a dialectical conception of natural history that critiqued the twin temptations of ontology and empiricism through studies of Kierkegaard and Husserl. As a classically trained pianist whose sympathies with the twelve-tone technique of Arnold Schoenberg resulted in his studying composition with Alban Berg of the Second Viennese School, Adorno's commitment to avant-garde music formed the backdrop of his subsequent writings and led to his collaboration with Thomas Mann on the latter's novel Doctor Faustus, while the two men lived in California as exiles during the Second World War. Working for the newly relocated Institute for Social Research, Adorno collaborated on influential studies of authoritarianism, anti-semitism and propaganda that would later serve as models for sociological studies the Institute carried out in post-war Germany. Upon his return to Frankfurt, Adorno was involved with the reconstitution of German intellectual life through debates with Karl Popper on the limitations of positivist science, critiques of Heidegger's language of authenticity, writings on German responsibility for the Holocaust, and continued interventions into matters of public policy. As a writer of polemics in the tradition of Nietzsche and Karl Kraus, Adorno delivered scathing critiques of contemporary Western culture. Adorno's posthumously published Aesthetic Theory, which he planned to dedicate to Samuel Beckett, is the culmination of a lifelong commitment to modern art which attempts to revoke the \"fatal separation\" of feeling and understanding long demanded by the history of philosophy and explode the privilege aesthetics accords to content over form and contemplation over immersion.
/m/02nddq	TVT Records was an American record label founded by Steve Gottlieb. Over the course of its 25 year history the label released some 25 Gold, Platinum and Multi-platinum releases. Its roster included Nine Inch Nails, Ja Rule, Lil Jon, Underworld, The KLF, Sevendust, Brian Jonestown Massacre and Pitbull. Its biggest commercial successes were the triple platinum Nine Inch Nails's Pretty Hate Machine, two double platinum releases by Lil Jon, and platinum releases by Snoop Dogg and the Eastside Boyz, Dashboard Confessional, Default and Ying Yang Twins.
/m/05x30m	Coburg is a town located on the Itz River in Bavaria, Germany. Its 2005 population was 42,015. Long one of the Thuringian states of the Wettin line, it joined with Bavaria by popular vote in 1920. Before 1918, it was one of the capital cities in the duchy of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha and the duchy of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld.\nCoburg's coat of arms, honoring the city's patron Saint Maurice, was granted in 1493.
/m/06b9n	The Qing Dynasty, also Empire of the Great Qing, Great Qing or Manchu Dynasty, was the last imperial dynasty of China, ruling from 1644 to 1912 with a brief, abortive restoration in 1917. It was preceded by the Ming Dynasty and succeeded by the Republic of China. The Qing multi-cultural empire lasted almost three centuries and formed the territorial base for the modern Chinese nation.\nThe dynasty was founded by the Jurchen Aisin Gioro clan in Northeastern China, historically known as Manchuria. In the late sixteenth century, Nurhachi, originally a Ming vassal, began organizing Jurchen clans into \"Banners,\" military-social units and forming a Manchu people. By 1636, his son Hong Taiji began driving Ming forces out of southern Manchuria and declared a new dynasty, the Qing. In 1644, peasant rebels led by Li Zicheng conquered the Ming capital Beijing. Rather than serve them, Ming general Wu Sangui made an alliance with the Manchus and opened the Shanhai Pass to the Banner Armies led by Prince Dorgon, who defeated the rebels and seized Beijing. The conquest of China proper was not completed until 1683 under the Kangxi Emperor. The Ten Great Campaigns of the Qianlong emperor from the 1750s to the 1790s extended Qing control into Central Asia. While the early rulers maintained Manchu culture, they governed using Confucian styles and institutions of bureaucratic government. They retained the imperial examinations to recruit Han Chinese to work in parallel with Manchus. They also adopted the ideals of the tributary system in international relations.
/m/07rd7	Timothy Walter \"Tim\" Burton is an American film director, producer, artist, writer, poet and stop motion artist. He is known for his dark, gothic, macabre and quirky horror and fantasy films such as Beetlejuice, Edward Scissorhands, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Ed Wood, Sleepy Hollow, Corpse Bride, Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street, Dark Shadows and Frankenweenie, and for blockbusters such as Pee-wee's Big Adventure, Batman, its first sequel Batman Returns, Planet of the Apes, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory and Alice in Wonderland.\nBurton is known for using recurring collaborators on his works; among them are Johnny Depp, who has become a close friend of Burton since their first film together; musician Danny Elfman, who has composed scores for all but two of the films Burton has directed; and actress — as well as his domestic partner — Helena Bonham Carter. He also wrote and illustrated the poetry book The Melancholy Death of Oyster Boy & Other Stories, published in 1997, and a compilation of his drawings, sketches and other artwork, entitled The Art of Tim Burton, was released in 2009.\nBurton has directed 16 films and produced 12 as of 2012. He is currently working on Big Eyes, a biographical drama film about Walter Keane and his wife Margaret.
/m/06qd3	South Korea, officially the Republic of Korea, is a country in East Asia, constituting the southern part of the Korean Peninsula. The name Korea is derived from Goryeo, a dynasty which ruled in the Middle Ages. It shares land borders with North Korea to the north, and oversea borders with China to the west and Japan to the east. South Korea lies in the north temperate zone with a predominantly mountainous terrain. It comprises an estimated 50 million residents distributed over 99,392 km². The capital and largest city is Seoul, with a population of 10 million.\nArchaeology indicates that the Korean Peninsula was occupied by the Lower Paleolithic period. The history of Korea begins with the founding of Gojoseon in 2333 BC by the legendary Dangun. Following the unification of the Three Kingdoms of Korea under Silla AD 668, Korea was ruled by the Goryeo Dynasty and Joseon Dynasty. It was annexed by the Empire of Japan in 1910. At the end of World War II, Korea was divided into Soviet and U.S. zones of occupation. An election was held in the U.S. zone in 1948 which led to the creation of the Republic of Korea. Although the United Nations passed a resolution declaring the Republic to be the only lawful government in Korea, the Soviets set up a rival government in the North.
/m/0gcpc	It's a Wonderful Life is a 1946 American Christmas fantasy comedy-drama film produced and directed by Frank Capra, based on the short story \"The Greatest Gift\", which Philip Van Doren Stern wrote in 1939 and published privately in 1945. The film is considered one of the most loved films in American cinema and has become traditional viewing during the Christmas season, alongside popular classics such as Holiday Inn, A Christmas Carol, Meet Me in St. Louis, and Miracle on 34th Street.\nThe film stars James Stewart as George Bailey, a man who has given up his dreams in order to help others and whose imminent suicide on Christmas Eve brings about the intervention of his guardian angel, Clarence Odbody. Clarence shows George all the lives he has touched and how different life in his community of Bedford Falls would be had he never been born.\nDespite initially performing poorly at the box office because of high production costs and stiff competition at the time of its release, the film has come to be regarded as a classic and is a staple of Christmas television around the world. Theatrically, the film's break-even point was $6.3 million, approximately twice the production cost, a figure it never came close to achieving in its initial release. An appraisal in 2006 reported: \"Although it was not the complete box office failure that today everyone believes ... it was initially a major disappointment and confirmed, at least to the studios, that Capra was no longer capable of turning out the populist features that made his films the must-see, money-making events they once were.\"
/m/01309x	James Vernon Taylor is an American singer-songwriter and guitarist. A five-time Grammy Award winner, Taylor was inducted into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame in 2000.\nTaylor achieved his breakthrough in 1970 with the No. 3 single \"Fire and Rain\" and had his first No. 1 hit the following year with \"You've Got a Friend\", a recording of Carole King's classic song. His 1976 Greatest Hits album was certified Diamond and has sold 12 million US copies. Following his 1977 album, JT, he has retained a large audience over the decades. His commercial achievements declined slightly until a resurgence during the late 1990s and 2000s, when he recorded some of his best-selling and most-awarded work.
/m/07m4c	The Band was a Canadian-American roots rock group that originally consisted of Rick Danko, Levon Helm, Garth Hudson, Richard Manuel and Robbie Robertson. The members of the Band first came together as they joined rockabilly singer Ronnie Hawkins' backing group the Hawks one by one between 1958 and 1963.\nIn 1964, they separated from Hawkins, after which they toured and released a few singles as Levon and the Hawks and the Canadian Squires. The next year, Bob Dylan hired them for his U.S. tour in 1965 and world tour in 1966. Following the 1966 tour, the group moved with Dylan to Saugerties, New York, where they made the informal 1967 recordings that became The Basement Tapes, which forged the basis for their 1968 debut album Music from Big Pink. Because they were always \"the band\" to various frontmen, Helm said the name \"The Band\" worked well when the group came into its own. The group began performing officially as The Band in 1968, and went on to release ten studio albums. Dylan continued to collaborate with The Band over the course of their career, including a joint 1974 tour.
/m/06rv5t	PAS Giannina, the Panepirotic Athletic Association Giannina, is a Greek association football club based in the city of Ioannina, the capital of Greece’s Epirus region.\nFollowing the 2010–11 season, PAS was promoted to Greece’s Super League division. The club is probably best known among Greek football spectators for its fervent support and its status as the Epirus region's preeminent football club.
/m/0dyl9	Milwaukee is the largest city in the U.S. state of Wisconsin, the 30th most populous city in the United States, and 39th most populous region in the United States. It is the county seat of Milwaukee County and is located on the southwestern shore of Lake Michigan. According to 2010 census data, the City of Milwaukee has a population of 594,833. Milwaukee is the main cultural and economic center of the Milwaukee–Racine–Waukesha Metropolitan Area with a population of 2,037,542 as of an official 2012 estimate.\nThe first Europeans to pass through the area were French Catholic missionaries and fur traders. In 1818, the French-Canadian explorer Solomon Juneau settled in the area, and in 1846 Juneau's town combined with two neighboring towns to incorporate as the City of Milwaukee. Large numbers of German and other immigrants helped increase the city's population during the 1840s and the following decades.\nKnown for its brewing traditions, major new additions to the city include the Milwaukee Riverwalk, the Wisconsin Center, Miller Park, an internationally renowned addition to the Milwaukee Art Museum, Milwaukee Repertory Theater, and Pier Wisconsin, as well as major renovations to the U.S. Cellular Arena. In addition, many new skyscrapers, condos, lofts and apartments have been constructed in neighborhoods on and near the lakefront and riverbanks.
/m/07c6l	The trombone is a musical instrument in the brass family. Like all brass instruments, sound is produced when the player’s vibrating lips cause the air column inside the instrument to vibrate. Nearly all trombones have a telescoping slide mechanism that varies the length of the instrument to change the pitch. Special variants like the valve trombone and superbone have three valves like those on the trumpet.\nThe word trombone derives from Italian tromba and -one, so the name means \"large trumpet\". The trombone has a predominantly cylindrical bore like its valved counterpart the baritone and in contrast to its conical valved counterparts, the euphonium and the horn. The most frequently encountered trombones are the tenor trombone and bass trombone. The most common variant, the tenor, is pitched in B♭, an octave below the B♭ trumpet and an octave above the B♭ tuba. The once common E♭ alto trombone became less widely used as improvements in technique extended the upper range of the tenor, but it is now enjoying a resurgence due to its lighter sonority which is appreciated in many classical and early romantic works. Trombone music, along with music for euphonium and tuba, is typically written in concert pitch, although exceptions do occur, notably in almost all brass band music where tenor trombone is presented as a B♭ transposing instrument.
/m/06hzq3	Punk blues denotes a fusion genre of punk rock and blues. Punk blues musicians and bands usually incorporate elements of related styles, such as protopunk and blues rock. Its origins lie strongly within the garage rock sound of the 1960s and 1970s.\nPunk blues can be said to favor the common rawness, simplicity and emotion shared between the punk and blues genres. Chet Weise, singer/guitarist of The Immortal Lee County Killers stated, \"Punk and blues are both honest reactions to life. It's blues, it's our blues. It's just a bit turned up and a bit faster.\"
/m/019vsw	Harrow School, commonly referred to as \"Harrow\", is an English independent school for boys situated in the town of Harrow, in north-west London. There is some evidence that there has been a school on the site since 1243, but the Harrow School of today was formally founded by John Lyon under a Royal Charter of Elizabeth I in 1572. Harrow is one of the original nine public schools that were regulated by the Public Schools Act 1868.\nThe school has an enrolment of 814 boys spread across twelve boarding houses, all of whom board full-time. It remains one of the four all-boys, full-boarding schools in Britain, the others being Radley College, Eton College and Winchester College. Harrow's uniform includes straw hats, morning suits, top hats and canes. Its long line of famous alumni includes eight former Prime Ministers, numerous foreign statesmen, former and current members of both houses of the UK Parliament, two Kings and several other members of various royal families, 20 Victoria Cross and one George Cross holders, and a great many notable figures in both the arts and the sciences. This year's Good Schools Guide said \"Parents looking for a top notch, blue chip, full boarding, all boys' school will be hard-pressed to beat Harrow. This is a school on top of its game\".
/m/010bxh	Wichita Falls is a city in and the county seat of Wichita County, Texas, United States. Wichita Falls is the principal city of the Wichita Falls Metropolitan Statistical Area, which encompasses all of Archer, Clay and Wichita counties. According to the 2010 census, the city had a population of 104,553 making it the twenty-ninth most populous city in the state of Texas. In addition to Sheppard Air Force Base, Wichita Falls is also home to the Newby-McMahon Building, constructed downtown in 1919 and since known as the \"world's littlest skyscraper\".
/m/01pfkw	Simon Phillip Cowell is an English television music and talent competition judge, A&R executive, television producer, entrepreneur, and television personality. He is known in the United Kingdom and United States for his role as a talent judge on TV shows such as Pop Idol, The X Factor, Britain's Got Talent and American Idol. He is also the owner of the television production and music publishing house Syco.\nAs a judge, Cowell is known for his blunt and often controversial criticisms, insults and wisecracks about contestants and their abilities. He is also known for combining activities in both the television and music industries, having promoted singles and records for various artists, including television personalities. He was most recently featured on the seventh series of Britain's Got Talent and the third season of The X Factor USA.\nIn 2004 and 2010, American magazine Time named Cowell one of the 100 most influential people in the world. In 2010, British magazine New Statesman listed Cowell at number 41 in a list of \"The World's 50 Most Influential Figures 2010\". TV Guide named him #10 in their 2013 list of The 60 Nastiest Villains of All Time.
/m/01dpsv	Reba Nell McEntire is an American country music singer, songwriter and actress. She began her career in the music industry as a high school student singing in the Kiowa High School band, on local radio shows with her siblings, and at rodeos. While a sophomore in college, she performed the National Anthem at the National Rodeo in Oklahoma City and caught the attention of country artist Red Steagall. He brought her to Nashville, Tennessee, where she signed a contract with Mercury Records a year later in 1975. She released her first solo album in 1977 and released five additional studio albums under the label until 1983.\nSigning with MCA Nashville Records, McEntire took creative control over her second MCA album, My Kind of Country, which had a more traditional country sound and produced two number one singles: \"How Blue\" and \"Somebody Should Leave\". The album brought her breakthrough success, bringing her a series of successful albums and number one singles in the 1980s and 1990s. McEntire has since released 26 studio albums, acquired 40 number one singles, 14 number one albums, and 28 albums have been certified gold, platinum or multi-platinum in sales by the Recording Industry Association of America. She has sometimes been referred to as \"The Queen of Country\". and she is one of the best-selling artists of all time, having sold more than 80 million records worldwide.
/m/04c9bn	The Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles is a Japanese professional baseball team.
/m/07vsl	The United States Department of State, often referred to as the State Department, is the United States federal executive department responsible for international relations of the United States, equivalent to the foreign ministry of other countries. The Department was created in 1789 and was the first executive department established.\nThe Department is headquartered in the Harry S Truman Building located at 2201 C Street, NW, a few blocks away from the White House in the Foggy Bottom neighborhood of Washington, D.C. The Department operates the diplomatic missions of the United States abroad and is responsible for implementing the foreign policy of the United States and U.S. diplomacy efforts. The Department is also the depositary for more than 200 multilateral treaties.\nThe Department is led by the Secretary of State, who is nominated by the President and confirmed by the Senate and is a member of the Cabinet. The current Secretary of State is John Kerry. The Secretary of State is the first Cabinet official in the order of precedence and in the presidential line of succession.
/m/03m8y5	Celebrity is a 1998 comedy-drama film written and directed by Woody Allen. The screenplay focuses on the divergent paths a couple takes following their divorce.
/m/036dyy	Zachary Israel \"Zach\" Braff is an American actor and director. Braff first became known in 2001 for his role as Dr. John Dorian on the television series Scrubs, for which he was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in 2005.\nIn 2004, Braff made his directorial debut with Garden State. He returned to his home state New Jersey to shoot the film, which was produced for $2.5 million. The film made over $35 million at the box office and was praised by critics, leading it to gain a cult following. Braff wrote the film, starred in it, and compiled the soundtrack record. He won numerous awards for his directing work, and also won the Grammy Award for Best Soundtrack Album in 2005.\nIn April 2013, Braff announced he was launching a Kickstarter campaign to raise funds to shoot a new film, titled Wish I Was Here.
/m/02qlkc3	Edwin B. “Ed.” Weinberger is an American screenwriter and television producer.\nBorn and raised in Philadelphia, the only son of a Jewish butcher, Ed. Weinberger began his TV career after he dropped out of Columbia University, writing for such stand-up comedians as Dick Gregory, Richard Pryor, and Bill Cosby. His first job in television was writing for The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson. He also wrote for The Bob Hope Show, The Bill Cosby Show, and the Dean Martin Variety Hour.\nWeinberger, along with James L. Brooks, David Davis, Allan Burns, and Stan Daniels, formed the core of MTM Enterprises. In 1977, they left for Paramount Pictures and started the John Charles Walters Company. Weinberger also played Mr. Walters in the logo. The series Taxi was created the following year. He also wrote and co-created The Cosby Show, which was on for 8 years. Weinberger went on to create and executive produce several other sitcoms, including Amen, Dear John, Baby Talk, and Sparks.\nWeinberger has won a Peabody Award, 3 Golden Globe Awards, and 9 Emmy Awards. He has also received the Writers Guild of America Lifetime Achievement Award.\nHe's been married to TV actress Carlene Watkins since 1984. With his son, Jack, Weinberger wrote and produced the musical play Mary and Joseph, which had its national tour in 2007-08.
/m/0dt49	The Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine administered by the Nobel Foundation, is awarded once a year for outstanding discoveries in the fields of life sciences and medicine. It is one of five Nobel Prizes established in 1895 by Swedish chemist Alfred Nobel, the inventor of dynamite, in his will. Nobel was personally interested in experimental physiology and wanted to establish a prize for progress through scientific discoveries in laboratories. The Nobel prize is presented to the recipient at an annual ceremony on 10 December, the anniversary of Nobel's death, along with a diploma and a certificate for the monetary award. The front side of the medal provides the same profile of Alfred Nobel as depicted on the medals for Physics, Chemistry, and Literature; its reverse side is unique to this medal.\nAs of 2011, 102 Nobel Prizes in Physiology or Medicine have been awarded to 199 men and 10 women. The first Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine was awarded in 1901 to the German physiologist Emil Adolf von Behring, for his work on serum therapy and the development of a vaccine against diphtheria. The first woman to receive the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, Gerty Cori, received it in 1947 for her role in elucidating the metabolism of glucose, important in many aspects of medicine, including treatment of diabetes. In 2011, the prize was awarded to Bruce Beutler of the United States and Jules A. Hoffmann of France \"for their discoveries concerning the activation of innate immunity\" and to Ralph M. Steinman of Canada \"for his discovery of the dendritic cell and its role in adaptive immunity.\"
/m/02bgmr	Gustavo Cerati, is an Argentine singer-songwriter, composer and producer, considered one of the most important and influential figures of Ibero-American rock and an Argentine rock legend. He is primarily known as the lead singer, songwriter, and guitarist of Soda Stereo, considered by critics to be the most important and influential band of Latin Rock. With his solo career he has also achieved recognition and success and it began in the early 1990s when on hiatus from Soda Stereo Cerati recorded his first solo album Amor Amarillo.\nCerati has experimented with various musical genres, including electronic music and symphonic music. Throughout his career Cerati has been nominated for various Grammy, MTV, and Gardel awards. In 2007, Cerati reunited with Soda Stereo for a reunion tour Me Veras Volver Tour. On the 15th of May 2010 Cerati suffered a stroke after a show in Venezuela. Since then he remains in a coma under respiratory aide.
/m/0kvt9	San Bernardino County, officially the County of San Bernardino, is a county located in the southern portion of the U.S. state of California. As of the 2010 U.S. Census, the population was 2,035,210, up from 1,709,434 in the 2000 census. With an area of 20,105 square miles, San Bernardino County is the largest county in the United States by area. It is larger than each of the nine smallest states, larger than the four smallest states combined, and larger than 71 different sovereign nations. The Yukon-Koyukuk Census Area in Alaska is larger than San Bernardino County, but it is part of Alaska's unorganized borough and thus not a county.\nLocated in southeast California, the thinly populated deserts and mountains of this vast county stretch from where the bulk of the county population resides in two Census County Divisions, some 1,422,745 people as of the 2010 Census, covering the 450 square miles south of the San Bernardino Mountains in San Bernardino Valley, to the Nevada border and the Colorado River.\nThe county seat is San Bernardino. The county is considered part of the Inland Empire region.
/m/05xltf	Relapse Records is an independent record label based in Upper Darby, Pennsylvania. It was founded by Matthew F. Jacobson in 1990.
/m/0739y	Spike Milligan KBE was a comedian, writer, musician, poet, playwright, soldier and actor of English and Irish parentage. His early life was spent in British India, where he was born, but the majority of his working life was spent in the United Kingdom.\nHe claimed his right to Irish citizenship after the British government declared him stateless. He was the co-creator, main writer and a principal cast member of The Goon Show, performing a range of roles including the popular Eccles, and Minnie Bannister characters.\nMilligan wrote and edited many books, including Puckoon and his seven-volume autobiographical account of his time serving during the Second World War, beginning with Adolf Hitler: My Part in His Downfall. He is also noted as a popular writer of comical verse; much of his poetry was written for children, including Silly Verse for Kids. After success with the ground-breaking British radio programme, The Goon Show, Milligan translated this success to television with Q5, a surreal sketch show which is credited as a major influence on the members of Monty Python's Flying Circus.
/m/0c01c	Alyson Lee Hannigan is an American actress. She is best known for her roles as Willow Rosenberg in the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Lily Aldrin on the CBS sitcom How I Met Your Mother and Michelle Flaherty in the American Pie film series.
/m/03mdw3c	Carol Spier is an award-winning production designer and art director. Much of her work has been on David Cronenberg films.
/m/059_c	Nevada is a state in the western, mountain west, and southwestern regions of the United States. Nevada is the 7th most extensive, the 35th most populous, and the 9th least densely populated of the 50 United States. Nearly three-quarters of Nevada's people live in Clark County, which contains the Las Vegas–Paradise metropolitan area where the state's three largest incorporated cities are located. Nevada's capital is Carson City. Nevada is officially known as the \"Silver State\" due to the importance of silver to its history and economy. It is also known as the \"Battle Born State\", because it achieved statehood during the Civil War; \"Sagebrush State\", for the native eponymous plant; and \"Sage hen State.\"\nNevada is largely desert and semiarid, with much of it located within the Great Basin. Areas south of the Great Basin are located within the Mojave Desert, while Lake Tahoe and the Sierra Nevada lie on the western edge. Approximately 86% of the state's land is owned by various jurisdictions of the U.S. federal government, both civilian and military.\nThe name Nevada is derived from the nearby Sierra Nevada, which means \"snow-capped range\" in Spanish. The land comprising the modern state was inhabited by Native Americans of the Paiute, Shoshone, and Washoe tribes prior to European contact. It was subsequently claimed by Spain as a part of Alta California until the Mexican War of Independence brought it under Mexican control. The United States gained the territory in 1848 following its victory in the Mexican-American War, and the area was eventually incorporated as part of Utah Territory in 1850. The discovery of silver at the Comstock Lode in 1859 led to a population boom that was an impetus to the creation of Nevada Territory out of western Utah Territory in 1861. Nevada became the 36th state on October 31, 1864, as the second of two states added to the Union during the Civil War.
/m/01_2n	Coronation Street is a British television soap opera that was first broadcast on Granada Television on 9 December 1960. It was soon syndicated on other ITV franchises. The programme centres on the lives of the residents of Coronation Street in Weatherfield, a fictional town based on Salford, in its terraced houses, cafe, corner shop, newsagents, textile factory and the Rovers Return pub.\nThe programme was devised in 1960 by scriptwriter Tony Warren at Granada Television in Manchester. Warren's initial kitchen sink drama proposal was rejected by the station's founder Sidney Bernstein but he was persuaded by producer Harry Elton to produce the programme for thirteen pilot episodes. It was first broadcast on 9 December 1960 and within six months had become the most-watched programme on British television. It has been one of the most financially lucrative programmes on British commercial television, underpinning the success of Granada Television and ITV.\nCoronation Street is made by Granada Television at Granada Studios in Manchester. It is shown in all ITV regions as well as internationally. On 17 September 2010, it became the world's longest-running TV soap opera in production. Coronation Street is noted for its depiction of a down-to-earth working class community combined with light-hearted humour and strong characters.
/m/07024	Saving Private Ryan is a 1998 American epic war film set during the invasion of Normandy in World War II. It was directed by Steven Spielberg and written by Robert Rodat. The film is notable for its graphic and realistic portrayal of war, and for the intensity of its opening 27 minutes, which depict the Omaha Beach assault of June 6, 1944. The film follows United States Army Rangers Captain John H. Miller and a squad as they search for a paratrooper, Private First Class James Francis Ryan, who is the last-surviving brother of four servicemen.\nRodat conceived the film's story in 1994 when he saw a monument dedicated to eight siblings killed in the American Civil War. Rodat imagined a similar sibling narrative set in World War II. The script was submitted to producer Mark Gordon, who handed it to Hanks. It was finally given to Spielberg, who decided to direct.\nSaving Private Ryan received universal critical acclaim, winning several awards for film, cast, and crew as well as earning significant returns at the box office. The film grossed US$481.8 million worldwide, making it the highest-grossing domestic film of the year. The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences nominated the film for eleven Academy Awards; Spielberg's direction won him a second Academy Award for Best Director. Saving Private Ryan was released on home video in May 1999, earning $44 million from sales.
/m/026fs38	Becket is a 1964 British-American dramatic film adaptation of the play Becket or the Honour of God by Jean Anouilh made by Hal Wallis Productions and released by Paramount Pictures. It was directed by Peter Glenville and produced by Hal B. Wallis with Joseph H. Hazen as executive producer. The screenplay was written by Edward Anhalt based on Anouilh's play. The music score was by Laurence Rosenthal, the cinematography by Geoffrey Unsworth and the editing by Anne V. Coates.\nThe film stars Richard Burton as Thomas Becket and Peter O'Toole as King Henry II, with John Gielgud as King Louis VII, Donald Wolfit as Gilbert Foliot, Paolo Stoppa as Pope Alexander III, Martita Hunt as Empress Matilda, Pamela Brown as Queen Eleanor of Aquitaine, Siân Phillips, Felix Aylmer, Gino Cervi, David Weston, and Wilfrid Lawson.\nRestored prints of Becket were re-released in 30 theatres in the US in early 2007, following an extensive restoration from the film's YCM separation protection masters. The film was released on DVD by MPI Home Video in May 2007 and on Blu-ray Disc in November 2008. The new film prints carry a Dolby Digital soundtrack, although the soundtrack of the original film, which originally opened as a roadshow theatrical release, was also in stereo.
/m/0ctw_b	New Zealand is an island country in the southwestern Pacific Ocean. The country geographically comprises two main landmasses – that of the North Island, or Te Ika-a-Māui, and the South Island, or Te Waipounamu – and numerous smaller islands. New Zealand is situated some 1,500 kilometres east of Australia across the Tasman Sea and roughly 1,000 kilometres south of the Pacific island areas of New Caledonia, Fiji, and Tonga. Because of its remoteness, it was one of the last lands to be settled by humans. During its long isolation, New Zealand developed a distinctive biodiversity of animal, fungal and plant life; most notable are the large number of unique bird species. The country's varied topography and its sharp mountain peaks owe much to the tectonic uplift of land and volcanic eruptions.\nPolynesians settled New Zealand in 1250–1300 CE and developed a distinctive Māori culture. Abel Tasman, a Dutch explorer, was the first European to sight New Zealand in 1642 CE. The introduction of potatoes and muskets triggered upheaval among Māori early during the 19th century, which led to the inter-tribal Musket Wars. In 1840 the British Crown and Māori signed the Treaty of Waitangi, making New Zealand a British colony. Immigrant numbers increased sharply and conflicts escalated into the New Zealand Wars, which resulted in Māori land being confiscated in the mid North Island. Economic depressions were followed by periods of political reform, with women gaining the vote during the 1890s, and a welfare state being established from the 1930s. After World War II, New Zealand joined Australia and the United States in the ANZUS security treaty, although the United States later suspended the treaty as a result of New Zealand's adoption of a nuclear-free policy. New Zealanders enjoyed one of the highest standards of living in the world in the 1950s, but the 1970s saw a deep recession, worsened by oil shocks and the United Kingdom's entry into the European Economic Community. The country underwent major economic changes during the 1980s, which transformed it from a protectionist to a liberalised free trade economy; once-dominant exports of wool have been overtaken by dairy products, meat, and wine.
/m/01b66d	Guiding Light is an American television soap opera that is credited by the Guinness Book of World Records as the longest-running television drama in history, broadcast from 1952 until 2009, preceded by a 15-year broadcast on radio. Guiding Light stands as the fourth longest-running program in all of broadcast history; only the Norwegian children's radio program Lørdagsbarnetimen, the American country music radio program Grand Ole Opry and the BBC religious program The Daily Service have been on the air longer.\nGuiding Light was created by Irna Phillips, and began as an NBC Radio serial on January 25, 1937. During June 2, 1947, the series was transferred to CBS Radio, before starting on June 30, 1952, on CBS Television. It would continue to be broadcast concomitantly on radio until June 29, 1956. The series was expanded from 15 minutes to a half-hour during 1968, and then to a full hour on November 7, 1977. The series broadcast its 15,000th televised episode on September 6, 2006.\nOn April 1, 2009, it was announced that CBS had cancelled Guiding Light after a 72-year run due to low ratings. The show taped its final scenes for CBS on August 11, 2009, and its final episode on the network aired on September 18, 2009. On October 5, 2009, CBS replaced Guiding Light with an hour-long revival of Let's Make a Deal, hosted by Wayne Brady.
/m/07vht	The University of California, Davis, is a public teaching and research university located in Davis, California, just west of Sacramento. The campus covers 7,309 acres, making it the largest within the 10 campus University of California system. UC Davis also has the third largest enrollment in the UC System after UCLA and UC Berkeley.\nHoward and Matthew Greene named UC Davis a Public Ivy in 2001, a publicly funded university considered as providing a quality of education comparable to those of the Ivy League. In 2013, U.S. News and World Report ranked UC Davis as the 9th best public university in the United States, 39th nationally, and tied for 3rd best of the UC schools with UC San Diego, following UC Berkeley and UCLA. UC Davis is also one of 62 members in the Association of American Universities.\nThe Carnegie Foundation classifies UC Davis as a comprehensive doctoral research university with a medical program, and very high research activity. UC Davis faculty includes 21 members of the National Academy of Sciences, 21 members of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, 17 members of the American Law Institute, 12 members of the Institute of Medicine, and 13 members of the National Academy of Engineering. Among other honors, university faculty, alumni, and researchers have won the Nobel Peace Prize, Presidential Medal of Freedom, Pulitzer Prize, MacArthur Fellowship, National Medal of Science, and Presidential Early Career Award in Science and Engineering.
/m/01fbr2	Hard bop is a style of jazz that is an extension of bebop music. Journalists and record companies began using the term in the mid-1950s to describe a new current within jazz which incorporated influences from rhythm and blues, gospel music, and blues, especially in saxophone and piano playing.\nDavid H. Rosenthal contends in his book Hard Bop that the genre is, to a large degree, the natural creation of a generation of African-American musicians who grew up at a time when bop and rhythm and blues were the dominant forms of black American music. Prominent hard bop musicians included Horace Silver, Art Blakey, Cannonball Adderley, Miles Davis and Tadd Dameron.\nHard bop is sometimes referred to as \"funky hard bop.\" The \"funky\" label refers to the rollicking, rhythmic feeling associated with the style. The descriptor is also used to describe soul jazz, which is commonly associated with hard bop. According to Mark C. Gridley, soul jazz more specifically refers to music with \"an earthy, bluesy melodic concept and... repetitive, dance-like rhythms.... Note that some listeners make no distinction between 'soul-jazz' and 'funky hard bop,' and many musicians don't consider 'soul-jazz' to be continuous with 'hard bop.'\" The term \"soul\" suggests the church, and traditional gospel music elements such as \"amen chords\" and triadic harmonies seemed to suddenly appear in jazz during the era.
/m/0l14v3	Conch, or conque, is a musical instrument, a wind instrument that is made from a seashell, the shell of one of several different kinds of very large sea snail. These instruments are sometimes referred to as \"shell trumpets\".\nThe shells of large marine gastropods are prepared by cutting a hole in the spire of the shell near the apex, and then blowing into the shell as if it were a trumpet, as in blowing horn. Sometimes a mouthpiece is used, but some shell trumpets are blown without one.\nVarious species of large marine gastropod shells can be turned into \"blowing shells\", but some of the best-known species are: the sacred chank or shankha Turbinella pyrum, the \"Triton's trumpet\" Charonia tritonis, and the Queen Conch Strombus gigas.
/m/09z1lg	Calle 13 is a Puerto Rican band formed by stepbrothers René Pérez Joglar who calls himself Residente and Eduardo José Cabra Martínez, who calls himself Visitante and their half-sister Ileana Cabra Joglar aka PG-13.\nStepbrothers Pérez and Cabra first got a record deal with White Lion Records after sending the label a demo tape, and after the controversial song \"Querido F.B.I.\" was released, the group gained notoriety in Puerto Rico. In 2005, Calle 13 released its eponymously titled debut album, which became very popular due to the singles \"Se Vale Tó-Tó\" and \"¡Atrévete-te-te!\". In 2007, the group released its second album, Residente o Visitante, which was also very successful and experimented with a wide variety of genres. The album helped the group gain success throughout Latin America and win three Latin Grammys. The group released its third album, Los de Atrás Vienen Conmigo, in 2008, which won Album of the Year at the 2009 Latin Grammy Awards. Calle 13 released its latest album, Entren Los Que Quieran, on November 22, 2010.
/m/02q9kqf	Chris Newman is a sound mixer and director. His film credits include The Godfather, Amadeus, The Exorcist, The Silence of the Lambs, and The English Patient.\nHe has won three Academy Awards for Best Sound and was nominated for five more in the same category.\nNewman resides in the U.S. state of New Jersey, and teaches at the School of Visual Arts, New York.
/m/0kc40	Guildford is the county town of Surrey, England and the seat of the borough of Guildford. The town is 27 miles southwest of central London on the A3 trunk road mid-way between the capital and Portsmouth.\nGuildford has Saxon roots and historians attribute its location to the existence of a gap in the North Downs where the River Wey was forded by the Harrow Way. The town's access was sufficient that by AD 978 it was home to an early English Royal Mint. On the building of the Wey Navigation and Basingstoke Canal Guildford was connected to a network of waterways that aided its prosperity. In the 20th century, the University of Surrey and Guildford Cathedral, an Anglican cathedral, were added.\nDue to recent development running north from Guildford, and linking to the Woking area, Guildford now officially forms the southwestern tip of the Greater London Built-up Area, as defined by the Office for National Statistics.
/m/019z2l	Rocksteady is a music genre that originated in Jamaica around 1966. A successor to ska and a precursor to reggae, rocksteady was performed by Jamaican vocal harmony groups such as The Gaylads, The Maytals, The Heptones and The Paragons. The term rocksteady comes from a dance style that was mentioned in the Alton Ellis song \"Rock Steady\". Dances performed to rocksteady were less energetic than the earlier ska dances. The first international rocksteady hit was \"Hold Me Tight\" by the American soul singer Johnny Nash; it reached number one in Canada.
/m/04zd4m	Donald L. \"Don\" Heck was an American comic book artist best known for co-creating the Marvel Comics character Iron Man, and for his long run penciling the Marvel superhero-team series The Avengers during the 1960s Silver Age of comic books.
/m/06fhs	Renewable energy is generally defined as energy that comes from resources which are naturally replenished on a human timescale such as sunlight, wind, rain, tides, waves and geothermal heat. Renewable energy replaces conventional fuels in four distinct areas: electricity generation, hot water/space heating, motor fuels, and rural energy services.\nAbout 16% of global final energy consumption presently comes from renewable resources, with 10% of all energy from traditional biomass, mainly used for heating, and 3.4% from hydroelectricity. New renewables account for another 3% and are growing rapidly. At the national level, at least 30 nations around the world already have renewable energy contributing more than 20% of energy supply. National renewable energy markets are projected to continue to grow strongly in the coming decade and beyond. Wind power, for example, is growing at the rate of 30% annually, with a worldwide installed capacity of 282,482 megawatts at the end of 2012.\nRenewable energy resources exist over wide geographical areas, in contrast to other energy sources, which are concentrated in a limited number of countries. Rapid deployment of renewable energy and energy efficiency is resulting in significant energy security, climate change mitigation, and economic benefits. In international public opinion surveys there is strong support for promoting renewable sources such as solar power and wind power.
/m/09plc	The Wittelsbach family is a European royal family and a German dynasty from Bavaria.\nMembers of the family reigned as Dukes, Electors and Kings of Bavaria, Counts Palatine of the Rhine, Margraves of Brandenburg, Counts of Holland, Hainaut and Zeeland, Elector-Archbishops of Cologne, Dukes of Jülich and Berg, Kings of Sweden and Dukes of Bremen-Verden.\nThe family also provided two Holy Roman Emperors, one King of the Romans, two Anti-Kings of Bohemia, one King of Hungary, one King of Denmark and Norway and one King of Greece.\nThe family's head, since 1996, is Franz, Duke of Bavaria.
/m/0dq630k	The baritone guitar is a variation on the standard guitar, with a longer scale length that allows it to be tuned to a lower range. It first appeared in the classical music realm. The Danelectro Company was the first to introduce the electric baritone guitar in the late 1950s, and the instrument began to appear in surf music, as well as background music for many movie soundtracks, especially spaghetti westerns. In more recent history, the baritone guitar has found use within styles like rock, metal and improvised music. Some baritone guitars may also have the capacity to be used as a bass guitar if strung correctly.\nA standard guitar's standard tuning is E A D G B E. Baritone guitars are usually tuned a perfect fifth lower, a perfect fourth lower, or a major third lower. Gretsch, Fender, Gibson, PRS Guitars, Music Man, Danelectro, Schecter, Jerry Jones, Burns London and many other companies have produced baritone guitars since the 1960s, although always in small numbers due to low popularity.\nBaritone guitars have larger bodies than standard guitars, especially in the case of acoustic instruments, and have longer scale lengths which allow the strings to be tuned lower while remaining close to or at normal tension. On a standard, steel-string, acoustic guitar, the scale length is typically 24.9\" to 25.7\", and the strings range in diameter from .012\" to .054\". The scale lengths of various baritone designs range from 27\" to 30.5\", and the string gauges range from the normal .012 - .054\" set to sets as thick as .017 - .095\". Shorter-scale baritone guitars are more like long-scale guitars, having more midrange volume, whereas the longer scale lengths and heavier string sets give more bass to the instrument's timbre. Shorter scale baritones tend to be tuned C-C or B-B whereas longer ones are typically tuned A-A.
/m/0ftxw	Indianapolis is the capital and most populous city of the U.S. state of Indiana, and also the county seat of Marion County. As of the 2010 census, the city's population is 820,445. It is the 13th largest city in the United States and the 29th largest metropolitan area in the United States.\nHistorically, Indianapolis has oriented itself around government and industry, particularly manufacturing. Over the late decades of the 20th century, the city's Unigov began a long process to revitalize the downtown area. Today, Indianapolis has a much more diversified economy, contributing to the fields of education, health care, and finance. Tourism is also a vital part of the economy of Indianapolis, with the city playing host to numerous conventions and sporting events. Of these, perhaps the most well known are the annual Indianapolis 500, Brickyard 400, and NHRA U.S. Nationals. Other major sporting events include the annual Big Ten Conference football championship, Men's and Women's NCAA basketball tournaments. Indianapolis also hosted the Pan American Games in 1987 and Super Bowl XLVI in 2012.\nBoth Forbes and Livability.com rank Indianapolis as one of the best downtowns in the United States citing \"more than 200 retail shops, more than 35 hotels, nearly 300 restaurants and food options, movie theaters, sports venues, museums, art galleries and parks\" as attractions. Greater Indianapolis has seen moderate growth among U.S. cities. The population of the metropolitan statistical area was 1,756,241 according to the 2010 Census, making it the 34th-largest in the United States. The 2010 population of the Indianapolis combined statistical area, a larger trade area, was 2,080,782, the 23rd-largest in the country. Indianapolis is considered a gamma global city by the Globalization and World Cities Research Network. In 2013, the city won Sister Cities International's 2013 Best Overall Program award for jurisdictions of population 500,000 and above.
/m/0mx2h	Tillamook County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oregon. As of the 2010 census, the population was 25,250. The county seat is Tillamook. The county is named for the Tillamook, a Native American tribe who were living in the area in the early 19th century at the time of European American settlement.
/m/07vhb	The University of California, Santa Cruz, is a public, collegiate university and one of 10 campuses in the University of California system. Located 80 miles south of San Francisco at the edge of the coastal community of Santa Cruz, the campus lies on 2,001 acres of rolling, forested hills overlooking the Pacific Ocean and Monterey Bay.\nFounded in 1965, UC Santa Cruz began as a showcase for progressive, cross-disciplinary undergraduate education, innovative teaching methods and contemporary architecture. Since then, it has evolved into a modern research university with a wide variety of both undergraduate and graduate programs, while retaining its reputation for strong undergraduate support and student political activism. The residential college system, which consists of ten small colleges, is intended to combine the student support of a small college with the resources of a major university.
/m/093142	Changchun Yatai Football Club is a professional Chinese football club based in the 25,000 seater Development Area Stadium in Changchun, Jilin while currently participating in the Chinese Super League where they are managed by Svetozar Šapurić. They were founded on 6 June 1996 by the Jilin Yatai Group and started in the Yi Division but failed to win promotion until they bought a position into the upper division with the merging of Bayi Chaoneng in 2000. The new team finished fifth and maintained an unbeaten record at home before finishing second the following season, however the club did not gain promotion to the Chinese Super League until they gained another runners-up position in the 2005 league season and promotion to the 2006 Chinese Super League for the first time. In the 2007 Chinese Super League they surprised everybody by winning the 2007 league title and participated in the 2008 AFC Champions League for the first time. They have since gone on to come second within 2009 Chinese Super League and also participated in the 2010 AFC Champions League.
/m/07cbcy	The Razzie Award for Worst Actor is an award presented at the annual Golden Raspberry Awards to the worst actor of the previous year. The following is a list of nominees and recipients of that award, along with the film for which they were nominated.\nOnly one winner of the Worst Actor Razzie has ever shown up at the ceremony and collected his award in person, Tom Green for the film Freddy Got Fingered.\nSylvester Stallone holds the record for most Razzies in this category with four. Other actors with multiple wins are Kevin Costner and Adam Sandler with three, and Pauly Shore with two.
/m/01nmgc	The University of Hong Kong is a public research university located in Pokfulam, Hong Kong.\nFounded in 1911 during the British Colonial era, it is the oldest tertiary institution in Hong Kong. The university was originally established in order to compete with other Great Powers that had opened higher learning institutions in China at the beginning of the twentieth century. The Hong Kong College of Medicine for Chinese, established in 1887, evolved to be the medical faculty, one of its first three faculties alongside Arts and Engineering. Academic life at the university was disrupted by the Japanese occupation of Hong Kong; however, following the end of the Second World War, the university underwent expansion with the founding of further departments and faculties.\nToday, HKU is organised into 10 academic faculties. It exhibits strength in scholarly research and education of humanities, law, political sciences, biological sciences and medicine, and is the first team in the world which successfully isolated the corona virus, the causative agent of SARS, The language of instruction is English, except when learning a particular language is an objective of the course.
/m/02byfd	Freddie James Prinze, Jr. is an American actor and voice actor. He rose to fame during the late 1990s and early 2000s, after starring in several Hollywood films aimed at teenage audiences, I Know What You Did Last Summer and its sequel, I Still Know What You Did Last Summer, as well as She's All That, Summer Catch, Scooby-Doo, Scooby-Doo 2: Monsters Unleashed, and Delgo. Prinze has also had acting roles in television shows, including Friends, Freddie and 24. He is married to actress Sarah Michelle Gellar, and currently works for WWE as a producer and director.
/m/083wr9	Jess Q. Harnell is an American voice actor and singer, best known for voicing Wakko Warner on Animaniacs and Ironhide in the Transformers film series. Harnell has been the announcer for America's Funniest Home Videos since 1998.
/m/030nwm	Heriot-Watt University is a public university based in Edinburgh, established in 1821 as the world's first mechanics' institute. It has been a university by Royal Charter since 1966. It has branch campuses in the Scottish Borders, Orkney, Dubai, and Putrajaya in Malaysia.
/m/03bpn6	Edmond O'Brien was an American actor who appeared in more than 100 films from the 1940s to the 1970s, often playing character parts. He received an Academy Award for his supporting role in The Barefoot Contessa. His other notable films include The Killers, White Heat, D.O.A., Julius Caesar, The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance, Seven Days in May – for which he received an Oscar nomination – and The Wild Bunch.
/m/09k34g	FC Vorskla Poltava is a professional football team which plays in the Ukrainian Premier League and represents the city of Poltava.
/m/02rzdcp	Mad Men is an American television period drama series created and produced by Matthew Weiner. The series premiered on July 19, 2007 on the American cable network AMC and is produced by Lionsgate Television. The seventh and final season will have 14 episodes that will be split into two seven-episode parts, airing in early 2014 and 2015. The first half of the final season will premiere on April 13, 2014.\nMad Men is set in the 1960s, initially at the fictional Sterling Cooper advertising agency on Madison Avenue in New York City, and later at the newly created firm, Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce, located nearby in the Time-Life Building, at 1271 Avenue of the Americas. According to the show's pilot, the phrase \"Mad men\" was a slang term coined in the 1950s by advertisers working on Madison Avenue to refer to themselves, a claim that has since been refuted. The focal point of the series is Don Draper, creative director at Sterling Cooper and a founding partner at Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce, and the people in his life, both in and out of the office. The plot focuses on the business of the agencies as well as the personal lives of the characters, regularly depicting the changing moods and social mores of the United States in the 1960s.
/m/025j1t	Thomas Edward \"Tom\" Sizemore, Jr. is an American film and television actor and producer. He is known for his supporting roles in films such as Saving Private Ryan, Black Hawk Down, Heat, Strange Days, Pearl Harbor, True Romance, Natural Born Killers, and is known for voicing Sonny Forelli in the video game Grand Theft Auto: Vice City.
/m/039h8_	A chief of police is the title typically given to the top official in the chain of command of a police department, particularly in North America, or even an entire police organization in some countries of Asia. Alternative titles for this position include Commissioner, Superintendent, and Chief constable. In contrast to a U.S. Sheriff, who is generally elected by the voters of a county, except in the states of Rhode Island and Hawaii, a Chief of Police is usually a municipal employee who owes his or her allegiance to a city or town. Some states have both an appointed and an elected Chief of Police. In some jurisdictions, the head of the police commission is the leader of the police and holds a position analogous or similar to the one described here, in this case, he or she is referred to as Commissioner. The New York City Police Department has both a Police Commissioner and a Chief, formerly called the Chief Inspector, now called the Chief of Department. In Louisiana, a Chief of Police may serve as the Chief of Police, Marshal, and Constable for a city. The fraternal organization International Association of Chiefs of Police is an organization often associated with many Chiefs of Police.
/m/01lvzbl	Sam Bush is an American bluegrass mandolin player considered an originator of the Newgrass style.
/m/02y6fz	A general manager is a business executive who usually oversees a unit or firm's marketing and sales functions, as well as the day-to-day business operations.
/m/022b_	Casablanca is the largest city of Morocco. It is located in western Morocco on the Atlantic Ocean. It is one of the largest and most important cities in Africa, both economically and demographically.\nCasablanca is Morocco's chief port and industrial center. It is also the biggest city in the Maghreb. The 2012 census, adjusted with recent numbers, recorded a population of about 4 million in the prefecture of Casablanca and about 5 million in the region of Grand Casablanca. Casablanca is considered the economic and business center of Morocco, while the political capital city of Morocco is Rabat.\nCasablanca hosts headquarters and main industrial facilities for the leading Moroccan and international companies based in Morocco. Industrial statistics show Casablanca retains its historical position as the main industrial zone of the country. The Port of Casablanca is one of the largest artificial ports in the world, and the largest port of North Africa. It is also the primary naval base for the Royal Moroccan Navy.
/m/03_z5f	Atlanta Silverbacks is an American professional soccer club based in Atlanta, Georgia, United States. Founded in 1998, the club plays in the North American Soccer League, the second tier of the American Soccer Pyramid. The team plays its home games at Atlanta Silverbacks Park, a large soccer complex featuring a 5,000-seat soccer-specific stadium in Atlanta, Georgia, 15 miles northeast of downtown. The team's colors are red, black, grey, and white.\nThe team has a development team, Atlanta Silverbacks Reserves, which plays in the National Premier Soccer League, and a women's team, the Atlanta Silverbacks Women, which plays in the women's USL W-League. They also used to have a USL PDL affiliate, Atlanta Silverbacks U23's, which ceased operations at the same time as the old USL-1 club.
/m/0b6tzs	No Country for Old Men is an American neo-Western thriller by Joel and Ethan Coen based on the Cormac McCarthy novel of the same name. The film stars Tommy Lee Jones, Javier Bardem and Josh Brolin and tells the story of an ordinary man to whom chance delivers a fortune that is not his, and the ensuing cat-and-mouse drama as the paths of three men intertwine in the desert landscape of 1980 West Texas. Themes of fate, conscience and circumstance re-emerge that the Coen brothers have previously explored in Blood Simple and Fargo.\nThe film premiered in competition at the 2007 Cannes Film Festival on May 19. Among its four 2007 Academy Awards were Oscars for Best Picture, Best Director, and Best Adapted Screenplay, allowing the Coen brothers to join five previous directors honored three times for a single film. In addition, the film won three British Academy Film Awards including Best Director, and two Golden Globes. The American Film Institute listed it as an AFI Movie of the Year, and the National Board of Review selected the film as the best of 2007.\nNo Country for Old Men appeared on more critics' top ten lists than any other film of 2007, and was regarded by many critics as the Coen brothers' finest film to date. Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun-Times called it \"as good a film as the Coen brothers...have ever made,\" The Guardian journalist John Patterson said \"that the Coens' technical abilities, and their feel for a landscape-based Western classicism reminiscent of Anthony Mann and Sam Peckinpah, are matched by few living directors,\" and Peter Travers of Rolling Stone said that it is \"a new career peak for the Coen brothers\" and is \"as entertaining as hell.\"
/m/0mg1w	Fine art, from the 17th century on, has meant art forms developed primarily for aesthetics, distinguishing them from applied arts that also have to serve some practical function. Historically, the five main fine arts were painting, sculpture, architecture, music and poetry, with minor arts including drama and dance. Today, the fine arts commonly include additional forms, including film, photography, conceptual art, and printmaking. However, in some institutes of learning or in museums, fine art and frequently the term fine arts as well, are associated exclusively with visual art forms.\nOne definition of fine art is \"a visual art considered to have been created primarily for aesthetic and intellectual purposes and judged for its beauty and meaningfulness, specifically, painting, sculpture, drawing, watercolor, graphics, and architecture.\" In that sense, there are conceptual differences between the Fine Arts and the Applied Arts. As originally conceived, and as understood for much of the modern era, the perception of aesthetic qualities required a refined judgement usually referred to as having good taste, which differentiated fine art from popular art and entertainment. However in the Postmodern era, the value of good taste is disappearing, to the point that having bad taste has become synonymous with being avant-garde. The term \"fine art\" is now rarely found in art history, but remains common in the art trade and as a title for university departments and degrees, even if rarely used in teaching.
/m/0cv5l	Gloucestershire is a county in South West England. The county comprises part of the Cotswold Hills, part of the flat fertile valley of the River Severn, and the entire Forest of Dean.\nThe county town is the city of Gloucester, and other principal towns include Cheltenham, Cirencester, Stroud, and Tewkesbury.\nWhen considered as a ceremonial county, Gloucestershire borders the preserved county of Gwent in Wales to the west, and in England the ceremonial counties of Herefordshire to the north west, Worcestershire to the north, Warwickshire to the north east, Oxfordshire to the east, Wiltshire to the south and Bristol and Somerset to the south west. Ceremonially, it includes the area covered by the South Gloucestershire unitary authority.
/m/06l9n8	Michael Elliot \"Mike\" Epps is an American stand-up comedian, actor, film producer, writer and rapper. He is best known for playing Day-Day Jones in Next Friday and the sequel-to-the-sequel, Friday After Next, and also appearing in The Hangover, as \"Black Doug\". He was the voice of Boog in Open Season 2, but was replaced by Matthew J. Munn in Open Season 3. As of 2010, Epps was the executive producer on a documentary about the life story of a former member of Tupac Shakur's Outlawz, Napoleon: Life of an Outlaw. He is also known for playing L.J. in Resident Evil: Apocalypse and Resident Evil: Extinction in 2004 and 2007 respectively.
/m/04jwjq	Veer-Zaara is a 2004 Indian romantic drama film directed by Yash Chopra under the Yash Raj Films banner. The film stars Shah Rukh Khan, Rani Mukerji and Preity Zinta in the leading roles, with Manoj Bajpai, Kirron Kher, Divya Dutta and Anupam Kher in supporting roles. Veteran actors Amitabh Bachchan and Hema Malini make special appearances in the film. The film's story and dialogues were written by Aditya Chopra.\nSet against the backdrop of conflict between India and Pakistan, this star-crossed romance follows the unfortunate love story of an Indian Air Force pilot, Squadron Leader Veer Pratap Singh, and a Pakistani woman hailing from a rich political family of Lahore, Zaara Haayat Khan, who are separated for 22 years. Saamiya Siddiqui, a Pakistani lawyer, finds Veer in prison, and upon listening to his story, tries to get him freed.\nHighly anticipated pre-release, the film eventually became the top-grossing Bollywood film of the year at both the Indian and the international box office, earning over 942.2 million worldwide, in addition to being showcased at numerous prominent film festivals around the world. The music of the film, based on old compositions by the late Madan Mohan with lyrics by Javed Akhtar, was also successful. Upon its theatrical release, Veer-Zaara received mostly positive reviews from critics. The film won several awards in major Indian film award ceremonies, including the Most Popular Film award at the National Film Awards and the Filmfare Award for Best Film, among others. The film marked Chopra's return as a director after seven years post Dil To Pagal Hai, which also starred Shahrukh Khan.
/m/0b_6pv	The 1987 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament involved 64 schools playing in single-elimination play to determine the national champion of men's NCAA Division I college basketball. It began on March 12, 1987, and ended with the championship game on March 30 in New Orleans, Louisiana. A total of 63 games were played.\nIndiana, coached by Bob Knight, won the national title with a 74-73 victory in the final game over Syracuse, coached by Jim Boeheim. Keith Smart of Indiana, who hit the game-winner in the final seconds, was named the tournament's Most Outstanding Player. The tournament also featured a \"Cinderella team\" in the Final Four, as Providence College, led by a then-unknown Rick Pitino, made their first Final Four appearance since 1973. This was also the last tournament in which teams were allowed to have home court advantage: Syracuse, DePaul, Arizona and UAB all opened the tournament playing on their home courts. The 1987 NCAA Men's Basketball Tournament was also the first tournament to use the Three-Point Shot.
/m/015dnt	Trevor Howard was a British film, stage and television actor.
/m/0sjqm	Rockford is a city located on both banks of the Rock River in far northern Illinois. Often referred to as \"The Forest City\", Rockford is the county seat of Winnebago County, Illinois, USA. As reported in the 2010 U.S. census, the city was home to 152,871 people; the outlying metropolitan area has a population of 348,360 residents. In terms of population, Rockford is the 160th-largest city in the United States.\nDuring the latter half of the 20th century, Rockford was the second largest city in Illinois. As of 2014, it still remains the most populous city in Illinois outside of the Chicago metropolitan area. The current mayor is Lawrence J. Morrissey, an independent re-elected to a third four-year term in April 2013.
/m/0bl60p	Max Casella is an American actor. He is known for his roles on the television series The Sopranos, Doogie Howser, M.D., and as the voice of Daxter in the Jak and Daxter video game series.
/m/04k3r_	The Philippines national football team is the national football team of the Philippines and represents the country in international football. The team is controlled by the Philippine Football Federation, the governing body of football in the Philippines.
/m/01b195	The Rainmaker is a 1997 American drama film written and directed by Francis Ford Coppola and starring Matt Damon, based on the 1995 novel of the same name by John Grisham.\nDanny DeVito, Danny Glover, Claire Danes, Jon Voight, Roy Scheider, Mickey Rourke, Virginia Madsen and Mary Kay Place also star. This was the final film appearance of Academy Award-winning actress Teresa Wright.
/m/06mtq	South Australia is a state in the southern central part of Australia. It covers some of the most arid parts of the continent. With a total land area of 983,482 square kilometres, it is the fourth largest of Australia's states and territories.\nSouth Australia shares borders with all of the other mainland states, and with the Northern Territory; it is bordered to the west by Western Australia, to the north by the Northern Territory, to the north-east by Queensland, to the east by New South Wales, to the south-east by Victoria, and to the south by the Great Australian Bight and the Indian Ocean. With over 1.6 million people, the state comprises less than 8% of the Australian population and ranks fifth in population among the six states and territories. The majority of its people reside in the state capital, Adelaide. Most of the remainder are settled in fertile areas along the south-eastern coast and River Murray. The state's colonial origins are unique in Australia as a freely settled, planned British province, rather than as a convict settlement. Official settlement began on 28 December 1836, when the colony was proclaimed at The Old Gum Tree by Governor John Hindmarsh.
/m/05dppk	Sven Vilhem Nykvist was a Swedish cinematographer. He worked on over 120 films, but is known especially for his work with director Ingmar Bergman. He won Academy Awards for his work on two Bergman films, Cries and Whispers in 1973 and Fanny and Alexander in 1983, and the Independent Spirit Award for Best Cinematography for The Unbearable Lightness of Being.\nHis work is generally noted for its naturalism and simplicity. He is considered by many to be one of the greatest cinematographers of all time. In 2003, Nykvist was judged one of history's ten most influential cinematographers in a survey conducted by the International Cinematographers Guild.
/m/04b7xr	Michael Andrew Sembello is an American musician and songwriter from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
/m/08624h	Gulshan Grover is an Indian actor who has appeared in over 400 films. He is among the first actors to have made a successful transition from Bollywood to Hollywood and international cinema. He is also known with the name \"Bad Man\" in Bollywood.
/m/011x_4	Groundhog Day is a 1993 American philosophical comedy film directed by Harold Ramis, starring Bill Murray, Andie MacDowell and Chris Elliott. It was written by Ramis and Danny Rubin, based on a story by Rubin.\nMurray plays Phil Connors, an arrogant and egocentric Pittsburgh TV weatherman who, during a hated assignment covering the annual Groundhog Day event in Punxsutawney, finds himself in a time loop, repeating the same day again and again. After indulging in hedonism and numerous suicide attempts, he begins to re-examine his life and priorities.\nIn 2006, the film was added to the United States National Film Registry as being deemed \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant\". It is the final creative collaboration between Murray and Ramis before the latter's death in 2014.
/m/018qt8	Ibaraki Prefecture is a prefecture of Japan, located in the Kantō region on the main island of Honshu. The capital is Mito.
/m/03gj2	Hungary is a landlocked country in Central Europe. It is situated in the Carpathian Basin and is bordered by Slovakia to the north, Ukraine and Romania to the east, Serbia and Croatia to the south, Slovenia to the southwest and Austria to the west. The country's capital and largest city is Budapest. Hungary is a member of the European Union, NATO, the OECD, the Visegrád Group, and the Schengen Agreement. The official language is Hungarian, which is the most widely spoken non-Indo-European language in Europe.\nFollowing centuries of successive habitation by Celts, Romans, Huns, Slavs, Gepids, and Avars, the foundation of Hungary was laid in the late 9th century by the Hungarian grand prince Árpád in the Honfoglalás. His great-grandson Stephen I ascended to the throne in 1000 AD, converting the country to a Christian kingdom. By the 12th century, Hungary became a middle power within the Western world. Following the Battle of Mohács in 1526, Medieval Hungary collapsed and succumbed to 150 years of partial Ottoman occupation. Hungary eventually came under Habsburg rule, and later formed a significant part of the Austro–Hungarian Empire.
/m/06y8v	Sir Walter Scott, 1st Baronet, FRSE was a Scottish historical novelist, playwright, and poet.\nScott was the first English-language author to have a truly international career in his lifetime, with many contemporary readers in Europe, Australia, and North America. His novels and poetry are still read, and many of his works remain classics of both English-language literature and of Scottish literature. Famous titles include Ivanhoe, Rob Roy, The Lady of the Lake, Waverley, The Heart of Midlothian and The Bride of Lammermoor.\nAlthough primarily remembered for his extensive literary works and his political engagement, Scott was an advocate, judge and legal administrator by profession, and throughout his career combined his writing and editing work with his daily occupation as Clerk of Session and Sheriff-Depute of Selkirkshire.\nA prominent member of the Tory establishment in Edinburgh, Scott was an active member of the Highland Society and served a long term as President of the Royal Society of Edinburgh.
/m/02q8x4x	Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Games, is a crossover sports game developed by the Sega Sports R&D Department of Sega Japan. It was published by Nintendo for Japan and by Sega for North America, Europe and all other regions. The game is officially licensed by the International Olympic Committee through exclusive licensee International Sports Multimedia. The game is the first official crossover title to feature characters from both Mario and Sonic the Hedgehog's respective series. It was released on the Wii in November 2007 and the Nintendo DS handheld in January 2008, and is the first official video game of the 2008 Summer Olympic Games.\nMario & Sonic on the Wii and DS is a collection of twenty-four events based on the Olympic Games. Players can assume the role of a Nintendo or Sega character while competing against the others in these events. Players use the Wii Remote to mimic actions performed in real life sports, such as swinging a paddle. The DS version uses the stylus and button controls. Both games closely follow rules and regulations of the specific sports. Sega adopted the IOC's mission of promoting a sporting spirit and its desire to interest young people in the Olympics by using its characters. Due to this atmosphere of competitive sportsmanship, Sega received approval by Nintendo to include Mario in the game with Sonic. Sonic the Hedgehog is the protagonist of the video game series released by Sega in order to provide the company with a mascot to rival Nintendo's flagship character Mario in the early 1990s.
/m/02wvdvn	The Spingold national bridge championship is held at the summer American Contract Bridge League North American Bridge Championship.\nThe Spingold is a knock-out team event that attracts the top contract bridge player's in the world. The event typically last 7 days with each day being a round consisting of four sessions of 16 boards. The event is open and seeded.
/m/0gfp09	AO Nea Kavala, the Athletic Club Nea Kavala, is a professional association football club based in the city of Kavala, Greece.
/m/03ds83	She had a reputation as a tomboy and was the only girl on her Little League baseball team.\n\nAmy began modeling at the age of thirteen and segued into acting after she landed a gig in the 1994 MTV Rock the Vote campaign.\n\nAmy Smarts debut role was in Campfire Tales. Other roles followed, including parts in Starship Troopers, The 70s, Varsity Blues, Felicity, Road Trip, Rat Race, Starsky & Hutch, and The Butterfly Effect.\n\nShe also appeared in Just Friends, Scrubs, The Best Man, Crank, Crank: High Voltage, Smith, Peaceful Warrior, and Shameless.\n\nOf her career, Amy Smart told E! News, I always like to keep my work varied so I dont get pigeonholed into one category of movies or really just end up bored professionally. I like trying new things and challenging myself as an actress so while Ive done a lot of drama, Ive also done a few comedies, some romantic comedies and some horror. I think the only way you can continue to improve as a performer is to keep pushing yourself.\n\nRegarding filming sex scenes, Amy Smart said, Its just another way to live out a fantasy because you wouldnt probably do this in real lifeIm not scared to look like a complete fool in front of people. Its just not one of my insecurities (askmen.com).\n\nIn 2002, Amy was ranked #27 in Stuff Magazines 102 Sexiest Women in the World. She also made Sexiest Lists for FHM in 2006 and Maxim in 2007.\n\nAside from acting, Amy Smart is an environmentalist and was a speaker for Heal the Bay, an organization that works on cleaning up the ocean. She has said, Seriously, for me, Im a real environmentalist, and I volunteer a lot when Im not working. So, if I were to get $2 million, I would probably want to donate that (askmen.com). She added in a later interview, I do a lot of environmental work and help with different charities, and that feeds me on a soulful level. I just try to stay from drama in my life. Im pretty simple (collider.com).\n\nAmy Smart married Carter Oosterhouse, the eco-carpenter from HGTV in September 2011. She also put up her Beverly Hills cottage and the couple is looking for a place large enough in which to raise a family.
/m/02n72k	Octopussy is the thirteenth entry in the James Bond film series, and the sixth to star Roger Moore as the fictional MI6 agent James Bond.\nThe film's title is taken from a short story in Ian Fleming's 1966 short story collection Octopussy and The Living Daylights, although the film's plot is original. It does, however, include a portion inspired by the Fleming short story \"The Property of a Lady\", while the events of the short story \"Octopussy\" form a part of the title character's background and are recounted by her.\nBond is assigned the task of following a general who is stealing jewels and relics from the Russian government. This leads him to a wealthy Afghan prince, Kamal Khan, and his associate, Octopussy. Bond uncovers a plot to force disarmament in Europe with the use of a nuclear weapon.\nProduced by Albert R. Broccoli and Michael G. Wilson, Octopussy was released in the same year as the non-Eon Bond film Never Say Never Again. Written by George MacDonald Fraser, Richard Maibaum, and Michael G. Wilson, the film was directed by John Glen.
/m/026yqrr	James Scheffer, professionally known as Jim Jonsin, is an American record producer, songwriter, record executive and entrepreneur. Jonsin has collaborated with numerous elite hip hop, pop, R&B and rock artists including, Beyoncé, Usher, Lil Wayne, Kid Cudi, Eminem, Yelawolf, Nelly, T.I., Danity Kane, and Jamie Foxx, to name a few, and won a Grammy in 2009 for Best Rap Song for Lil Wayne's \"Lollipop\". That year he was also nominated for his production on T.I.'s \"Whatever You Like\" which also garnered a nomination for Best Rap Song. In addition to his own win, Jonsin has contributed his production services to several other Grammy nominated records and albums including Beyoncé's I Am... Sasha Fierce, Lil Wayne's Tha Carter III, Usher's Raymond v. Raymond, and Usher's \"There Goes My Baby\", and Eminem's Recovery.\nIn 2006, Jonsin launched his own record label imprint, Rebel Rock Entertainment, and subsequently signed a then unknown musician by the name of B.o.B. Jonsin then partnered with Atlantic Records and later Grand Hustle, in a joint venture deal to work on B.o.B.'s debut album, The Adventures of Bobby Ray. The album, which was executive produced by Jonsin and T.I., debuted at number 1 one the Billboard 200. The album produced three smash singles which stayed on top of the charts for most of 2010 and was ultimately nominated for several Grammy awards, BET Awards, and MTV VMAs. He also signed the production duo, Finatik and Zac, and Danny Morris to his production company, Rebel Rock Productions. In addition to his ventures in music, Jonsin has recently entered into the field of professional racing by forming his own motorsports team, Rebel Rock Racing. Jonsin will be driving a Porsche 911 in the upcoming Grand-am Road Racing series with co-driver D.J. Randall. Jonsin is managed by Made Communication, Miami, FL.
/m/065ydwb	Anna Ragsdale Camp is an American stage and television actress. She is known for her role as Jill Mason in the 2008 Broadway revival of Equus and as Sarah Newlin in the second and sixth seasons of True Blood.\nShe has had recurring roles in the fourth season of Mad Men and the third season of the CBS legal drama series The Good Wife, as well as a supporting role in The Help and Pitch Perfect. She also had a recurring role in FOX comedy series The Mindy Project.
/m/01f1q8	Chandigarh is a city in Northern India that serves as the capital of the states of Punjab and Haryana.\nThe city of Chandigarh was the first planned city in India post-independence in 1947 and is known internationally for its architecture and urban design. The city has projects designed by architects such as Le Corbusier, Pierre Jeanneret, Jane Drew and Maxwell Fry. The city tops the list of Indian States and Union Territories with the highest per capita income in the country. The city was reported in 2010 to be the cleanest in India, based on a national government study, and the territory also headed the list of Indian states and territories according to research conducted using 2005 data by Human Development Index. The metropolitan of Chandigarh-Mohali-Panchkula collectively forms a Tri-city.
/m/01z4y	Comedy is a genre of film in which the main emphasis is on humour. These films are designed to entertain the audience through amusement, and often work by exaggerating characteristics of real life for humorous effect.\nFilms in this style traditionally have a happy ending. One of the oldest genres in film, some of the very first silent movies were comedies, as slapstick comedy often relies on visual depictions, without requiring sound. Comedy, unlike other film genres, puts much more focus on individual stars, with many former stand-up comics transitioning to the film industry due to their popularity. While many comic films are lighthearted stories with no intent other than to amuse, others contain political or social commentary.
/m/07l450	The Last King of Scotland is a 2006 British drama film based on Giles Foden's novel of the same name, adapted by screenwriters Peter Morgan and Jeremy Brock, and directed by Kevin MacDonald. The film was a co-production between companies from the United Kingdom and the United States, including Fox Searchlight Pictures and Film4.\nThe Last King of Scotland tells the fictional story of Dr. Nicholas Garrigan, a young Scottish doctor who travels to Uganda and becomes the personal physician to the dictator Idi Amin. The film is based on factual events of Amin's rule and the title comes from a reporter in a press conference who wishes to verify whether Amin declared himself the King of Scotland. Amin was known to invent and adopt fanciful imperial titles for himself.\nThe Last King of Scotland received wide critical acclaim. Particular focus went to Whitaker, who received outstanding critical acclaim for his performance as dictator Idi Amin in the film. He won Best Actor at the Academy Awards among others, and the film was also a financial success.
/m/0bkq_8	Eve Myles is an award-winning actress. She portrayed Gwen Cooper in the Doctor Who television spin-off show Torchwood, Ceri Owen in the BBC Wales drama Belonging and Lady Helen of Mora in the BBC fantasy drama series Merlin.
/m/061v5m	Entercom Communications Corporation is one of the largest radio broadcasting companies in the United States, with over 100 stations in 23 US markets, including San Francisco, Boston, Seattle, Denver, Portland, Sacramento, and Kansas City.
/m/026ps1	Diana Jean Krall, OC, OBC is a Canadian jazz pianist and singer, known for her contralto vocals. She has sold more than 6 million albums in the US and over 15 million worldwide. On December 11, 2009, Billboard magazine named her the second Jazz artist of the 2000–09 decade, establishing her as one of the best-selling artists of her time. She is the only jazz singer to have eight albums debuting at the top of the Billboard Jazz Albums. To date, she has won two Grammy Awards and eight Juno Awards. She has also earned nine gold, three platinum, and seven multi-platinum albums.
/m/020_95	Laura Leggett Linney is an American actress and singer. She is most well known for her performances in films such as The Truman Show, Mystic River and Kinsey, among others. She also played the lead role of Cathy Jamison in the Showtime series The Big C, which completed its fourth and final season in May 2013.\nDuring her career she has received four Emmy Awards, two Golden Globe Awards and a Screen Actors Guild Award. Additionally she has been the recipient of three Academy Award nominations and three Tony Award nominations.
/m/05fh2	Nursing is a profession within the health care sector focused on the care of individuals, families, and communities so they may attain, maintain, or recover optimal health and quality of life.\nNurses may be differentiated from other health care providers by their approach to patient care, training, and scope of practice. Nurses practice in a wide diversity of practice areas with a different scope of practice and level of prescriber authority in each. Many nurses provide care within the ordering scope of physicians, and this traditional role has come to shape the historic public image of nurses as care providers. However, nurses are permitted by most jurisdictions to practice independently in a variety of settings depending on training level. In the postwar period, nurse education has undergone a process of diversification towards advanced and specialized credentials, and many of the traditional regulations and provider roles are changing.\nNurses develop a plan of care, working collaboratively with physicians, therapists, the patient, the patient's family and other team members, that focuses on treating illness to improve quality of life. In the U.S., advanced practice nurses, such as clinical nurse specialists and nurse practitioners, diagnose health problems and prescribe medications and other therapies, depending on individual state regulations. Nurses may help coordinate the patient care performed by other members of a health care team such as therapists, medical practitioners and dietitians. Nurses provide care both interdependently, for example, with physicians, and independently as nursing professionals.
/m/01mqz0	Lauren Bacall is an American film and stage actress and model, known for her distinctive husky voice and sultry looks.\nShe first emerged as a leading lady in the Humphrey Bogart film To Have and Have Not and continued on in the film noir genre, with appearances in Bogart movies The Big Sleep, Dark Passage, and Key Largo, as well as comedic roles in How to Marry a Millionaire with Marilyn Monroe and Designing Woman with Gregory Peck. Bacall has worked on Broadway in musicals, gaining Tony Awards for Applause in 1970 and Woman of the Year in 1981. Her performance in the movie The Mirror Has Two Faces earned her a Golden Globe Award and an Academy Award nomination.\nIn 1999, Bacall was ranked #20 of the 25 actresses on the AFI's 100 Years... 100 Stars list by the American Film Institute. In 2009, she was selected by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences to receive an Academy Honorary Award \"in recognition of her central place in the Golden Age of motion pictures.\"
/m/02q8ms8	The Brothers Bloom is a 2008 American caper comedy film written and directed by Rian Johnson. The film stars Mark Ruffalo, Adrien Brody, Rachel Weisz, Ricky Jay, Rinko Kikuchi, and Robbie Coltrane. Originally released in only four theaters on May 15, 2009, the film moved into wide release two weeks later on May 29.
/m/0clz1b	Slice of life is a phrase describing the use of mundane realism depicting everyday experiences in art and entertainment.
/m/0882r_	Novara Calcio is an Italian football club based in Novara, Piedmont.
/m/04ktcgn	Christopher Boyes is a sound designer.
/m/0gkxgfq	The 38th Annual Daytime Emmy Awards was held on June 19, 2011, and broadcast on the CBS network live from Las Vegas. Pre-Nominations were announced on February 25. Nominations were announced on May 11. It was hosted by Wayne Brady. Pat Sajak and Alex Trebek both received a Lifetime Achievement Award.
/m/05sz6	The Provisional Irish Republican Army is an Irish republican paramilitary organisation that sought to remove Northern Ireland from the United Kingdom and bring about an independent republic encompassing all of Ireland. It emerged in December 1969—after the beginning of the Troubles—when the Irish Republican Army split over ideology and how to respond to attacks on the Catholic community in Northern Ireland. The community's demands for civil rights had been met with violence from loyalists and from the authorities, culminating in the August 1969 riots and deployment of British troops.\nThe Provisional Irish Republican Army was also referred to as PIRA, the Provos, or by its supporters as the Army or the 'RA; its constitution established it as Óglaigh na hÉireann in the Irish language and it usually referred to its members as volunteers. The IRA is a proscribed organisation in the UK under the Terrorism Act 2000 and an unlawful organisation in the Republic of Ireland.The United States includes them in the category of \"other selected terrorist groups also deemed of relevance in the global war on terrorism\".
/m/016ggh	Sir Arthur John Gielgud, OM, CH was an English actor and theatre director, whose career spanned eight decades. He was a member of the theatrical dynasty the Terry family, and gained his first paid acting work as a junior member of Phyllis Neilson-Terry's company in 1922. After study at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art he worked in repertory theatre and in the West End before establishing himself at the Old Vic as an exponent of Shakespeare in the early 1930s.\nDuring the 1930s Gielgud was a stage star in the West End and on Broadway, appearing in new works and classics. He began a parallel career as a director, and set up his own company at the Queen's Theatre, London. He was regarded by many, including the critic James Agate, as the finest Hamlet of his era, and was also known in high comedy roles such as John Worthing in The Importance of Being Earnest. He made occasional films in the first half of his long career, but unlike his contemporaries Ralph Richardson and Laurence Olivier he did not take the cinema seriously for many years.\nIn the 1950s Gielgud's career seemed threatened when he was convicted and fined for a homosexual offence, but his colleagues and the public supported him loyally. He was out of sympathy with the avant garde plays that began to supersede traditional West End productions in the 1950s, and for several years he was best known in the theatre for his one-man Shakespeare show, The Ages of Man. From the late 1960s he found new plays that suited him, by authors including Alan Bennett, David Storey and Harold Pinter.
/m/0250f	Charles Martin \"Chuck\" Jones was an American animator, cartoon artist, screenwriter, producer, and director of animated films, most memorably of Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies shorts for the Warner Bros. Cartoons studio. He directed many of the classic short animated cartoons starring Bugs Bunny, Daffy Duck, the Road Runner and Wile E. Coyote, Pepé Le Pew, Porky Pig and a slew of other Warner characters. Three of these shorts were later inducted into the National Film Registry. Chief among Jones' other works was the famous \"Hunting Trilogy\" of Rabbit Fire, Rabbit Seasoning, and Duck! Rabbit, Duck!.\nAfter his extraordinary career at Warner Bros. ended in 1962, Jones started Sib Tower 12 Productions, and began producing memorable cartoons for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, including a new series of Tom and Jerry shorts and the television adaptation of Dr. Seuss' How the Grinch Stole Christmas! He later started his own studio, Chuck Jones Productions, which created several one-shot specials, and periodically worked on Looney Tunes related works.\nFilm historian Leonard Maltin has praised Jones' work at Warner Bros., MGM and Chuck Jones Productions. He also noted that the \"feud\" that there may have been between Jones and colleague Bob Clampett was mainly because they were so different from each other. Chuck Jones' character styles were more controlled and calmed down, while Bob Clampett's were crazy, wacky and insane.
/m/0bqvs2	Joseph Antonio Cartagena, better known by his stage name Fat Joe, is an American rapper. He is also the CEO of Terror Squad Entertainment, and member of musical groups D.I.T.C. and Terror Squad.\nFat Joe's first album was Represent, released in 1993, followed by Jealous One's Envy in 1995. From 1998 to 2006, he was signed to Atlantic Records, releasing four albums under the label, Don Cartagena in 1998, Jealous Ones Still Envy in 2001, Loyalty in 2002, and All or Nothing in 2005. Around the release of All or Nothing, Fat Joe became involved in a highly publicized feud with another New York City-based rapper 50 Cent, who attacked Fat Joe in his song \"Piggy Bank\". His most popular song in which he performed was his Remy Ma duet \"Lean Back\" with Terror Squad. The song was a number-one hit in the summer of 2004.\nStarting in 2006, when his album Me, Myself, & I was released, Fat Joe was signed to Imperial Records, which distributes through Terror Squad Entertainment. His follow up album wasThe Elephant in the Room, which was released in 2008; Jealous Ones Still Envy 2, the sequel to Jealous Ones Still Envy, was released in October 2009. His tenth album The Darkside Vol. 1 was released on July 27, 2010.
/m/0206v5	South Shields is a coastal town in Tyne and Wear, England, located at the mouth of the River Tyne to Tyne Dock, and about 4.84 miles downstream from Newcastle upon Tyne. Historically within County Durham, the town has a population of 82,854, the second largest population centre in the Tyneside conurbation after Newcastle. It is part of the metropolitan borough of South Tyneside, which includes the riverside towns of Jarrow and Hebburn and the villages of Boldon, Cleadon and Whitburn. South Shields is represented in parliament by Labour party MP Emma Lewell-Buck.
/m/048j4l	The Precision Bass is a bass guitar manufactured by Fender Musical Instruments Corporation.\nDesigned by Leo Fender as a prototype in 1950 and brought to market in 1951, the Precision was the first electric bass to earn widespread attention and use. A revolutionary instrument for the time, the Precision Bass has made an immeasurable impact on the sound of popular music ever since.
/m/0kfhjq0	The 2012 Donostia-San Sebastián International Film Festival was held from 9/21/2012 to 9/29/2012.
/m/0ycp3	Jane's Addiction is an American rock band formed in Los Angeles, California in 1985. The band's original line-up featured lead singer Perry Farrell, guitarist Dave Navarro, bassist Eric Avery and percussionist Stephen Perkins. After breaking up in 1991, Jane's Addiction briefly reunited in 1997 and again in 2001, both times with Avery declining to participate. In 2008, the band's \"classic\" line-up, featuring Avery, reunited and embarked on a world tour. Avery subsequently left the band in early 2010 as the group began work on new material.\nJane's Addiction was one of the first bands to emerge from the early 1990s alternative rock movement, and gain both mainstream media attention and commercial success in the United States. Their initial farewell tour launched the first Lollapalooza which has since become a perennial alternative rock festival. As a result, Jane's Addiction became icons of what Farrell dubbed the \"Alternative Nation.\" The band was ranked 35th on VH1's \"100 Greatest Artists of Hard Rock\" list.
/m/03x73c	Association de la Jeunesse Auxerroise is a French football club based in the commune of Auxerre in Burgundy. The club was founded in 1905 and currently play in Ligue 2, the second division of French football. Auxerre plays its home matches at the Stade l'Abbé-Deschamps on the banks of the Yonne River. The team is managed by former football player Jean-Guy Wallemme and captained by goalkeeper Olivier Sorin.\nAuxerre was founded in 1905 and made its debut in the first division of French football in the 1980–81 season and have remained a fixture in the league until 2011–12 season. The club has won the Ligue 1 title once, in the 1995–96 season. Two years prior, Auxerre achieved its first major honour by winning the Coupe de France in 1994. The club has since added three more Coupe de France titles, which ties the club for fifth-best among teams who have won the trophy.\nAuxerre have unearthed several talented players in its existence. The club has most notably served as a springboard for several prominent French football players such as Eric Cantona, Laurent Blanc, Philippe Mexès, Basile Boli, and Djibril Cissé, among others. All six players became French internationals with Blanc playing on the teams that won the 1998 FIFA World Cup and UEFA Euro 2000. From 1961 to 2005 the club was predominantly coached by Guy Roux. This included an uninterrupted period when Roux was in charge for 36 years between 1964 and 2000.
/m/02h2vv	Murphy Brown is an American situation comedy which aired on CBS from November 14, 1988, to May 18, 1998, for a total of 247 episodes. The program starred Candice Bergen as the eponymous Murphy Brown, a famous investigative journalist and news anchor for FYI, a fictional CBS television newsmagazine.
/m/02kx4w	Screamo is a post-hardcore-influenced subgenre of emo that evolved in the early 1990s. This initially involved a more aggressive offshoot of emo music and used short songs that grafted \"intensity to willfully experimental dissonance and dynamics.\"
/m/0ftvg	Little Rock is the capital and the largest city of the U.S. state of Arkansas. The Metropolitan Statistical Area had a population of 717,666 people in the 2012 census estimate. The MSA is included in the Little Rock-North Little Rock, AR Combined Statistical Area, which had a population of 893,610 in the 2012 census estimate. As of the 2010 US Census, Little Rock had a city proper population of 193,524. It is the county seat of Pulaski County.\nLocated near the geographic center of Arkansas, Little Rock derives its name from a small rock formation on the south bank of the Arkansas River called la Petite Roche. The \"little rock\" was used by early river traffic as a landmark and became a well-known river crossing. The \"little rock\" is across the river from \"big rock,\" a large bluff at the edge of the river, which was once used as a rock quarry.\nThere have been two ships of the United States Navy named after the city, including USS Little Rock.
/m/09bkc6	A.S. Varese 1910 is an Italian football club from Varese, founded 22 March 1910. It currently plays in Serie B.
/m/02r6ltj	Order of the Three Stars is an order awarded for meritorious service to Latvia. It was established in 1924 in remembrance of the founding of Latvia. Its motto is \"Per aspera ad astra\", meaning \"Through hardships to the stars\". The Order has five ranks and three grades of medals of honour.
/m/013w8y	Dave Matthews Band is an American rock band that was formed in Charlottesville, Virginia in 1991. The founding members were singer-songwriter and guitarist Dave Matthews, bassist Stefan Lessard, drummer/backing vocalist Carter Beauford and saxophonist LeRoi Moore. Boyd Tinsley was added to the band as a violinist soon after the band was formed. Moore died suddenly in August 2008 due to complications from injuries sustained in an ATV accident. Grammy Award-winner Jeff Coffin of Béla Fleck and the Flecktones has since filled Moore's spot as the band's saxophonist. Rashawn Ross and Tim Reynolds have also become full-time touring members of the band. The band's 2009 album Big Whiskey and the GrooGrux King debuted at number one on the Billboard 200, earning the band their fifth consecutive number-one debut. Their most recent album, Away from the World, released in 2012, debuted at number one on the Billboard chart — making them the only group to have six consecutive studio albums debut in the top spot. As of 2010, the Dave Matthews Band has sold over 30 million records worldwide.\nThe band is known for their annual summer-long tours of the United States and Europe, featuring lengthy improvisational renditions of their songs, accompanied by an elaborate video and lighting show. The band is known for playing the songs differently each time. This portion of the tour has become a stamp of DMB and has grown with the band since Fenton Williams began working with them in the early 1990s. After twenty consecutive years of touring the band announced that it would take the summer of 2011 off.
/m/04qy5	The Legion of Merit is a military award of the United States Armed Forces that is given for exceptionally meritorious conduct in the performance of outstanding services and achievements. The decoration is issued to members of the seven uniformed services of the United States as well as to military and political figures of foreign governments.\nThe Legion of Merit is one of only two United States military decorations to be issued as a neck order and the only United States decoration which may be issued in award degrees.\nThe Legion of Merit is sixth in the order of precedence of U.S. Military awards and is worn after the Defense Superior Service Medal and before the Distinguished Flying Cross. In contemporary use in the U.S. Armed Forces, the Legion of Merit is typically awarded to Army, Marine Corps, and Air Force general officers and colonels, and Navy and Coast Guard flag officers and captains occupying command or very senior staff positions in their respective services. It may also be awarded to officers of lesser rank and to very senior enlisted personnel, but these instances are less frequent and circumstances vary by branch of service. As such, the medal can be considered as \"points\" in some enlisted promotion systems, such as the Air Force, where it is counted as seven points. However, since the rare enlisted recipients are typically at the pinnacle of the enlisted pay grades, the utility of such points is marginal.
/m/0jbrr	Santa Ana is the county seat and second most populous city in Orange County, California. With a population of 329,427, as of the 2011 census, Santa Ana is the 57th most-populous city in the United States.\nFounded in 1869, Santa Ana is located in Southern California adjacent to the Santa Ana River, 10 miles away from the California coast. The city is part of the Greater Los Angeles Area which, according to the U.S. Census Bureau, is the second largest metropolitan area in the U.S., with almost eighteen million people. According to the 2000 U.S. Census, of U.S. cities with more than 300,000 people, Santa Ana is the 4th-most densely populated behind only New York City, San Francisco, and Chicago, and slightly denser than Boston.\nSanta Ana lends its name to the Santa Ana Freeway, which runs through the city. It also shares its name with the nearby Santa Ana Mountains, and the Santa Ana winds, which have historically fueled seasonal wildfires throughout Southern California. The current Office of Management and Budget metropolitan designation for the Orange County Area is Santa Ana–Anaheim–Irvine, California.
/m/04969y	Some Kind of Monster is a 2004 documentary film featuring the American heavy metal band Metallica. It shares its name with the song \"Some Kind of Monster\" from Metallica's 2003 album St. Anger. The film shows many studio rehearsals and fragments of concert footage. It won the Independent Spirit Award for Best Documentary Feature. The DVD release was handled by Paramount Pictures, whose 2000 film Mission: Impossible II featured \"I Disappear\" by Metallica.
/m/0537y_	Trentino is an autonomous province of Italy. Trentino is, along with South Tyrol, one of the two provinces which make up the region of Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, which is designated an autonomous region under the constitution. The province is divided into 217 comuni. Its capital is the town of Trento, historically known in English as Trent. The province covers an area of more than 6,000 km², with a total population of about 0.5 million. Trentino is renowned for its mountains, such as the Dolomites, which are part of the Alps.
/m/0dly0	Perugia north of Rome, and 148 km (92 miles) south-east of Florence. It covers a high hilltop and part of the valleys around the area. The region of Umbria is bordered by Tuscany, Lazio and Marche.\nThe history of Perugia goes back to the Etruscan period. Perugia was one of the main Etruscan cities. The city is also known as the universities town, with the University of Perugia founded in 1308 (about 34,000 students), the University for Foreigners (5,000 students), and some smaller colleges such the Academy of Fine Arts \"Pietro Vannucci\" (Italian: Accademia di Belle Arti \"Pietro Vannucci\") public athenaeum founded on 1573, the Perugia University Institute of Linguistic Mediation for translators and interpreters, the Music Conservatory of Perugia, founded on 1788, and others Institutes. There are annual festivals and events: the Eurochocolate Festival (October), the Umbria Jazz Festival (July), and the International Journalism Festival (in April).\nPerugia is a well-known cultural and artistic centre of Italy. The famous painter Pietro Vannucci, nicknamed Perugino, was a native of Città della Pieve near Perugia. He decorated the local Sala del Cambio with a beautiful series of frescoes; eight of his pictures can also be admired in the National Gallery of Umbria. Perugino was the teacher of Raphael, the great Renaissance artist who produced five paintings in Perugia (today no longer in the city) and one fresco. Another famous painter, Pinturicchio, lived in Perugia. Galeazzo Alessi is the most famous architect from Perugia. The city symbol is the griffin, which can be seen in the form of plaques and statues on buildings around the city.
/m/08815	Yale University is a private Ivy League research university located in New Haven, Connecticut.\nFounded in 1701 in the Colony of Connecticut, the university is the third-oldest institution of higher education in the United States. Originally chartered as the \"Collegiate School\", the institution traces its roots to 17th-century clergymen who sought to establish a college to train clergy and political leaders for the colony. In 1718, the College was renamed \"Yale College\" to honor a gift from Elihu Yale, a governor of the British East India Company. In 1861, the Graduate School of Arts and Sciences became the first U.S. institution to award the Ph.D. Yale became a founding member of the Association of American Universities in 1900. Yale College was transformed, beginning in the 1930s, through the establishment of residential colleges: 12 now exist and two more are planned.\nYale employs over 1,100 faculty to teach and advise about 5,300 undergraduate and 6,100 graduate and professional students. Almost all tenured professors teach undergraduate courses, more than 2,000 of which are offered annually. The University's assets include an endowment valued at $20.80 billion as of 2013, the second-largest of any academic institution in the world. Yale's system of more than two dozen libraries holds 12.5 million volumes. Fifty-one Nobel laureates have been affiliated with the University as students, faculty, or staff. Yale has graduated many notable alumni, including five U.S. Presidents, 19 U.S. Supreme Court Justices, and many foreign heads of state.
/m/0603qp	Larry Charles is an American writer, director, and producer. Charles is best known as a staff writer for the American sitcom Seinfeld for its first 5 seasons, contributing some of the show's darkest and most absurd storylines. He has also directed the films Borat, Religulous, Brüno, and The Dictator.
/m/0ftvz	Tallahassee is the capital of the U.S. state of Florida. It is the county seat and only incorporated municipality in Leon County, and is the 128th largest city in the United States. Tallahassee became the capital of Florida, then the Florida Territory, in 1824. In 2010, the population recorded by the U.S. Census Bureau was 181,376, and the Tallahassee metropolitan area is 375,371 as of 2012.\nTallahassee is a college town with two public universities: Florida State University, a large research university, and Florida A&M University, the country's largest historically black university. It is also home to Tallahassee Community College, and branches of several other institutions.\nTallahassee is a center for trade and agriculture in the Florida Panhandle and is served by Tallahassee Regional Airport. With one of the fastest growing manufacturing and high tech economies in Florida, its major private employers include a General Dynamics Land Systems manufacturing facility, the Municipal Code Corporation, which specializes in the publication of municipal and county legal references; and a number of national law firms, lobbying organizations, trade associations and professional associations, including the Florida Bar and the Florida Chamber of Commerce. It is recognized as a regional center for scientific research, and is home to the National High Magnetic Field Laboratory, the largest and highest-powered magnet research laboratory in the world.
/m/0jsw9l	Edward Lachman, A.S.C. is an American cinematographer. Lachman is mostly associated with the American independent film movement, and has served as director of photography on films by Todd Haynes and I'm Not There in 2007 and Steven Soderbergh such as Erin Brockovich. His other work include Desperately Seeking Susan in 1985 as well as Robert Altman's last picture A Prairie Home Companion in 2006. Lachman has also worked on several non-American films, including two documentaries by Wim Wenders and La Soufrière by Werner Herzog.\nIn 1989, Lachman co-directed a segment of the anthology film Imagining America.\nIn 2002, Lachman co-directed the controversial Ken Park with Larry Clark. He is a member of the American Society of Cinematographers.\nIn 2013 He produced the series of collaborating videos for the new Daft Punk Album Random Access Memories.
/m/0ny75	The University of Nottingham is a public research university based in Nottingham, England, the United Kingdom. It was founded as University College Nottingham in 1881 and granted a Royal Charter in 1948.\nNottingham's main campus, University Park, is situated on the outskirts of the City of Nottingham, with a number of smaller campuses and a teaching hospital located elsewhere in Nottinghamshire. Outside the United Kingdom, Nottingham has campuses in Semenyih, Malaysia and Ningbo, China. Nottingham is organised into five constituent faculties, within which there are more than 50 departments, institutes and research centres. Nottingham has around 34,000 students and 9,000 staff and had a total income of £520 million in 2012/13, of which £100 million was from research grants and contracts.\nAs of 2013 the university was ranked 24th nationally and 157th internationally by Times Higher Education. A 2014 survey suggested it is the most targeted university by the UK's top employers. In 2012 Nottingham was ranked 13th in the world in terms of the number of alumni listed among CEOs of the Fortune Global 500. It is also ranked 2nd in the 2012 Summer Olympics table of British medal winners. In the 2011 GreenMetric World University Ranking, Nottingham was the world's most sustainable campus.
/m/0gl88b	Irene Sharaff was an American costume designer for stage and screen. Her work earned her five Academy Awards and a Tony Award.
/m/03f2_rc	Barbra Joan Streisand is an American singer-songwriter, author, actress, writer, film producer, and director. She has won two Academy Awards, eight Grammy Awards, five Emmy Awards including one Daytime Emmy, a Special Tony Award, an American Film Institute award, a Kennedy Center Honors award, a Peabody Award, and is one of the few entertainers who have won an Oscar, Emmy, Grammy, and Tony Award.\nShe is one of the best selling female artists of all time, with more than 71.5 million albums shipped in the United States and 145 million records sold worldwide. She is the best-selling female artist on the Recording Industry Association of America's Top Selling Album Artists list, the only female recording artist in the top ten, and the only artist outside of the rock and roll genre.\nAfter beginning a successful recording career in the 1960s, by the end of the decade, Streisand ventured into film starring in the critically acclaimed Funny Girl, for which she won the Academy Award and Golden Globe Award for Best Actress. Other notable films include The Owl and the Pussycat, The Way We Were and A Star Is Born for which she received her second Academy Award for composing the music to the picture’s main song, \"Evergreen\". By the 1980s, Streisand established herself as one of the film industry’s most notable figures by becoming the first woman to direct, produce, script and star in her own picture.
/m/02pzck	Jamie Kennedy, a multitalented comedian/actor/writer/producer, is a true hyphenate. He may be seen acting in a film one minute and on stage doing stand up the next. Kennedy skyrocketed to fame with a groundbreaking performance and scene-stealing rants in Wes Craven's Scream and Scream 2.\n\nIn September of 2008, Kennedy released Heckler, a documentary which he produced with Michael Addis. The film played at the Tribeca Film Festival and AFI Fest, and has been met with critical acclaim. Variety calls it \"Hilarious!\" and The New York Sun hails the film \"A Must-See!\" Heckler is a comedic feature documentary exploring the increasingly critical world we live in, and asks some interesting questions of people such as Jon Voight, George Lucas, Bill Maher, Mike Ditka, Rob Zombie, and many more.\n\nIn 2002, Kennedy triumphed on the Warner Bros.' network when he created the hit show The Jamie Kennedy Experiment. He was writer, producer, and star of the series, portraying a myriad of characters each week during the show's three seasons. Returning to Warner Bros.' again, Kennedy served as a co-creator and executive producer on the Warner Bros.' series The Starlet and Living with Fran. In the summer of 2006, Kennedy also brought Blowin' Up to the small screen, a comedic reality series for MTV. The show followed him as he and sidekick Stu Stone attempted to achieve their lifelong dream of becoming rappers. They released their first album also titled Blowin' Up in July 2006. \n\nKennedy also conquered the book market with the release of his autobiography, Wannabe: A Hollywood Experiment, in the summer of 2003. In the book, Kennedy shares his good and bad times, from his boyhood in Philly to his current Hollywood experiences.\n\nAs a teenager growing up near Philadelphia in Upper Darby, Pennsylvania, Kennedy got a taste of Hollywood working as an extra in Dead Poets Society. A year later, he moved out to Los Angeles at age 18 and began performing improvisational comedy and stand up at open mic nights.\n\nKennedy currently tours the country doing stand up comedy. He resides in Los Angeles.
/m/09cpb	Dorset, is a county in South West England on the English Channel coast. The ceremonial county comprises the non-metropolitan county, which is governed by Dorset County Council, and the unitary authorities of Poole and Bournemouth. Covering an area of 2,653 square kilometres, Dorset borders Devon to the west, Somerset to the north-west, Wiltshire to the north-east, and Hampshire to the east. The county town is Dorchester which is situated in the south. After the reorganisation of local government in 1974 the county's border was extended eastward to incorporate the Hampshire towns of Bournemouth and Christchurch. Around half of the population lives in the South East Dorset conurbation, while the rest of the county is largely rural with a low population density.\nThe county has a long history of human settlement stretching back to the Neolithic era. The Romans conquered Dorset's indigenous Celtic tribe, and during the early Middle Ages, the Saxons settled the area and made Dorset a shire in the 7th century. The first recorded Viking raid on the British Isles occurred in Dorset during the 8th century and the black death entered England at Melcombe Regis in 1348. Dorset has seen much civil unrest: during the English Civil War an uprising of vigilantes was crushed by Cromwell's forces in a pitched battle near Shaftesbury; the Duke of Monmouth's doomed rebellion began at Lyme Regis; and a group of farm labourers from Tolpuddle were instrumental in the formation of the trade union movement. During the Second World War, Dorset was heavily involved in the preparations for the invasion of Normandy and the large harbours of Portland and Poole were two of the main embarkation points on D-Day.
/m/01tgwv	The Arthur C. Clarke Award is a British award given for the best science fiction novel first published in the United Kingdom during the previous year. It is named after British author Arthur C. Clarke, who gave a grant to establish the award in 1987. The book is chosen by a panel of judges from the British Science Fiction Association, the Science Fiction Foundation, and a third organisation, which as of 2012 is the Sci-Fi-London film festival. The award has been described as \"the UK's most prestigious science fiction prize\".\nAny \"full-length\" science fiction novel written or translated into English is eligible for the prize, provided that it was first published in the United Kingdom during the prior calendar year. There is no restriction on the nationality of the author, and the publication history of works outside of the United Kingdom is not taken into consideration. Books must be submitted for consideration by their publishing company and self-published titles are not currently eligible. An official call for entries is issued to UK publishers every year and members of the judging panel and organisation committee also actively call in titles they would like to see submitted. A title must be actively submitted in order to be considered. The judges form a shortlist of six works that they feel are worthy of consideration, which they select a winning book from. The winner receives an engraved bookend and a prize consisting of a number of pounds sterling equal to the current year, such as £2012 for the year 2012. Prior to 2001, the award was £1000.
/m/05fhy	Nebraska is a state on the Great Plains of the Midwestern United States. Its state capital is Lincoln. Its largest city is Omaha, which is on the Missouri River.\nThe state is crossed by many historic trails, but it was the California Gold Rush that first brought large numbers of non-indigenous settlers to the area. Nebraska became a state in 1867.\nThere are wide variations between winter and summer temperatures, and violent thunderstorms and tornadoes are common. The state is characterized by treeless prairie, ideal for cattle-grazing, and it is a major producer of beef, as well as pork, corn, and soybeans.\nNebraska is the 9th least-densely populated state of the United States. Ethnically, the largest group of Nebraskans are German American. The state also has the largest per capita population of Czech Americans among U.S. states.
/m/02hwww	Founded in 1857, the University of Bombay is one of the first three oldest public state universities in India, located in the city of Mumbai in the state of Maharashtra. It is abbreviated as either UoM, standing for University of Mumbai or MU for Mumbai University.\nThe University Of Mumbai is one of the premier universities in India. It was ranked 41 among the Top 50 Engineering Schools of the world by America's news broadcasting firm Business Insider in 2012 and was the only university in the list from the five emerging BRICS nations viz Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa. It was ranked 3rd best university in Asia in terms of graduate students as percentage of total students and the 2nd best Multi Disciplinary University in India by Asiaweek in the list of Asia's best Universities 2000 ; with 8 of the top 10 Indian universities in Asiaweek's list being purely Science and Technology Universities.\nMoreover, the University of Mumbai was ranked 5th in the list of best Universities in India by India Today in the year 2013 and ranked at 62 in the QS BRICS University rankings for 2013, a ranking of leading universities in the five BRICS countries. Its strongest scores in the QS University Rankings: BRICS are for papers per faculty, employer reputation and citations per paper. It was ranked 10th among the top Universities of India by QS in 2013. With 7 of the top ten Indian Universities being purely science and technology universities, it was India's 3rd best Multi Disciplinary University in the QS University ranking. It was ranked 18th in the world for having the maximum Ultra High Net Worth Alumni Population. It was number one in the list among universities from emerging economies.
/m/0v74	Al-Qaeda is a global militant Islamist and takfiri organization founded by Osama bin Laden in Peshawar, Pakistan, at some point between August 1988 and late 1989, with its origins being traceable to the Soviet War in Afghanistan. It operates as a network comprising both a multinational, stateless army and a radical Sunni Muslim movement calling for global Jihad and a strict interpretation of sharia law. It has been designated as a terrorist organization by the United Nations Security Council, NATO, the European Union, the United Kingdom, the United States, India and various other countries. Al-Qaeda has carried out many attacks on non-Sunni Muslims, non-Muslims, and other targets it considers kafir.\nAl-Qaeda has attacked civilian and military targets in various countries, including the September 11 attacks, 1998 U.S. embassy bombings and the 2002 Bali bombings. The U.S. government responded to the September 11 attacks by launching the War on Terror. With the loss of key leaders, culminating in the death of Osama bin Laden, al-Qaeda's operations have devolved from actions that were controlled from the top-down, to actions by franchise associated groups, to actions of lone wolf operators.
/m/01yz0x	The Hugo Award for Best Novel is one of the Hugo Awards given each year for science fiction or fantasy stories published in English or translated into English during the previous calendar year. The novel award is available for works of fiction of 40,000 words or more; awards are also given out in the short story, novelette, and novella categories.\nThe Hugo Award for Best Novel has been awarded annually since 1953, except in 1954 and 1957. In addition to the regular Hugo awards, beginning in 1996 Retrospective Hugo Awards, or \"Retro Hugos\", have been available to be awarded for 50, 75, or 100 years prior. Retro Hugos may only be awarded for years in which a World Science Fiction Convention, or Worldcon, was hosted, but no awards were originally given. To date, Retro Hugo awards have been given for novels for 1946, 1951, and 1954.\nHugo Award nominees and winners are chosen by supporting or attending members of the annual Worldcon, and the presentation evening constitutes its central event. The selection process is defined in the World Science Fiction Society Constitution as instant-runoff voting with five nominees, except in the case of a tie. These five novels on the ballot are the five most-nominated by members that year, with no limit on the number of stories that can be nominated. The 1953 through 1958 awards did not include any recognition of runner-up novels, but since 1959 all five candidates have been recorded. Initial nominations are made by members in January through March, while voting on the ballot of five nominations is performed roughly in April through July, subject to change depending on when that year's Worldcon is held. Worldcons are generally held near the start of September, and are held in a different city around the world each year.
/m/01vtqml	John Michael \"Ozzy\" Osbourne is an English rock vocalist, songwriter, and television personality. Osbourne rose to prominence in the early 1970s as the lead vocalist of the pioneering band Black Sabbath, whose dark and heavy sound has often been cited as key to the development of the heavy metal genre. Osbourne left Black Sabbath in 1979 and has since had a successful solo career, releasing 11 studio albums, the first seven of which were all awarded multi-platinum certifications in the US, though he has reunited with Black Sabbath on several occasions, most recently in 2011 to record the album 13, which was released in 2013. Osbourne's longevity and success have earned him the informal title of \"Godfather of Heavy Metal\".\nOsbourne's total album sales from his years in Black Sabbath combined with his solo work is over 100 million. As a member of Black Sabbath he was inducted into the US Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, and was inducted into the UK Music Hall of Fame as both a solo artist and as a member of the band. He has a star on the Birmingham Walk of Stars in his hometown, and also has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. In the early 2000s, he became a tv star, appearing as himself in the MTV reality program The Osbournes, alongside wife/manager Sharon and two of their three children, Kelly and Jack.
/m/026q3s3	Case Closed: Captured in Her Eyes, known as Detective Conan: Captured in Her Eyes in Japan, is a Japanese anime feature film based on the Detective Conan series. It was released on December 29, 2009 in the United States. This movie achieved a box office income of 2.5 billion Japanese yen.
/m/0bc71w	Nicholas Anthony Tony Geiss was an award-winning producer, scriptwriter, songwriter and author, known principally for his children's work.\nGeiss was born in the Bronx to Alexander Geiss and Marjore Thirer. Geiss was a staff writer and songwriter for Sesame Street - he wrote Don't Eat the Pictures - and was a writer for The Land Before Time and the associated book. He was also a producer and writer for the Steven Spielberg film An American Tail. Geiss died at the age of 86 on January 21, 2011.
/m/01cm8w	The Rescuers is a 1977 American animated adventure film produced by Walt Disney Productions and first released on June 22, 1977 by Buena Vista Distribution. The 23rd film in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series, the film is about the Rescue Aid Society, an international mouse organization headquartered in New York and shadowing the United Nations, dedicated to helping abduction victims around the world at large. Two of these mice, jittery janitor Bernard and his co-agent, the elegant Miss Bianca, set out to rescue Penny, an orphan girl being held prisoner in the Devil's Bayou by treasure huntress Madame Medusa.\nThe film is based on a series of books by Margery Sharp, most notably The Rescuers and Miss Bianca. Due to the film's success, a sequel entitled The Rescuers Down Under was released in 1990.
/m/0y9j	Alkmaar Zaanstreek, better known as AZ Alkmaar or simply AZ, is an association football club from Alkmaar and the Zaanstreek, Netherlands. The club plays in the Eredivisie, the highest football league in the Netherlands. It was founded in 1967 as AZ '67.
/m/014162	The East Riding of Yorkshire, or simply East Yorkshire, is a local government district with unitary authority status, and a ceremonial county of England. For ceremonial purposes the county also includes the city of Kingston upon Hull, which is a separate unitary authority. It is named after the historic East Riding of Yorkshire, which also constituted a ceremonial and administrative county until 1974. From 1974 to 1996 the area of the modern East Riding of Yorkshire constituted the northern part of the non-metropolitan county of Humberside.\nThe landscape consists of a crescent of low chalk hills, the Yorkshire Wolds, surrounded by the low lying fertile plains of Holderness and the Vale of York. The Humber Estuary and North Sea mark its southern and eastern limits. Archaeological investigations have revealed artefacts and structures from all historical periods since the last ice age. There are few large settlements and no industrial centres. The area is administered from the ancient market and ecclesiastical town of Beverley. Christianity is the religion with the largest following in the area and there is a higher than average percentage of retired people living there.
/m/047csmy	Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen is a 2009 American science fiction action film directed by Michael Bay and executive produced by Steven Spielberg. It is a sequel to 2007's Transformers and the second installment in the live-action Transformers series. The plot revolves around Sam Witwicky, who is caught in the war between two factions of alien robots, the Autobots and the Decepticons. Sam is having hallucinatory episodes of Cybertronian symbols, and is being hunted by the Decepticons under the orders of an ancient Decepticon named The Fallen, who seeks to get revenge on Earth by finding and activating a machine that would provide the Decepticons with an energon source, destroying the Sun and all life on Earth in the process.\nWith deadlines jeopardized by possible strikes by the Directors Guild of America and the Screen Actors Guild, Bay managed to finish the production on time with the help of previsualization and a scriptment by his writers Roberto Orci, Alex Kurtzman, and series newcomer Ehren Kruger. Shooting took place from May to November 2008, with locations in Egypt, Jordan, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and California, as well as air bases in New Mexico and Arizona.
/m/03d_zl4	Philip Edward \"Phil\" Hartman was a Canadian American actor, comedian, screenwriter, and graphic artist. Born in Brantford, Ontario, Hartman and his family moved to the United States when he was 10. After graduating from California State University, Northridge, with a degree in graphic arts, he designed album covers for bands like Poco and America. Feeling the need for a more creative outlet, Hartman joined the comedy group The Groundlings in 1975 and there helped comedian Paul Reubens develop his character Pee-wee Herman. Hartman co-wrote the screenplay for the film Pee-wee's Big Adventure and made recurring appearances on Reubens' show Pee-wee's Playhouse.\nHartman became famous in the late 1980s when he joined the sketch comedy show Saturday Night Live. He won fame for his impressions, particularly of President Bill Clinton, and he stayed on the show for eight seasons. Called \"the Glue\" for his ability to hold the show together and help other cast members, Hartman won a Primetime Emmy Award for his SNL work in 1989. In 1995, after scrapping plans for his own variety show, he starred as Bill McNeal in the NBC sitcom NewsRadio. He also had frequent roles on The Simpsons as Lionel Hutz, Troy McClure, and others, and appeared in the films Houseguest, Sgt. Bilko, Jingle All the Way, and Small Soldiers.
/m/07y9w5	Monster House is a 2006 computer animated motion capture horror/comedy film directed by Gil Kenan, produced by ImageMovers and Amblin Entertainment, and distributed by Columbia Pictures. The film stars Mitchell Musso, Sam Lerner, Spencer Locke, Steve Buscemi, Nick Cannon, Maggie Gyllenhaal, Jon Heder, Kevin James, Jason Lee, Catherine O'Hara, Kathleen Turner, and Fred Willard.\nExecutive produced by Robert Zemeckis and Steven Spielberg, this is the first time since Back to the Future Part III that they have worked together. It is also the first time that Zemeckis and Spielberg both served as executive producers of a film. The film's characters are animated primarily utilizing performance capture, making it the second film to use the technology so extensively, following Zemeckis' The Polar Express.\nMonster House received generally positive reviews from critics and grossed over $140 million worldwide. The film was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature at the 79th Academy Awards, but lost to Happy Feet.
/m/0127m7	Kevin Michael Costner is an American actor, singer, musician, producer, and director. He has won two Academy Awards, three Golden Globe Awards, and one Emmy Award, and has been nominated for three BAFTA Awards. Costner's notable roles include Eliot Ness in The Untouchables, Crash Davis in Bull Durham, Ray Kinsella in Field of Dreams, Lt. John J. Dunbar in Dances with Wolves, Jim Garrison in JFK, Robin Hood in Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves, Frank Farmer in The Bodyguard, and Jonathan Kent in Man of Steel.\nHe won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Miniseries or a Movie, the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Miniseries or Television Film, and the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Miniseries or Television Movie for his role as Devil Anse Hatfield in Hatfields & McCoys.
/m/02md2d	St. Elsewhere was an American medical drama television series that originally ran on NBC from October 26, 1982, to May 25, 1988. The series starred Ed Flanders, Norman Lloyd and William Daniels as teaching doctors at a lightly regarded Boston hospital who gave interns a promising future in making critical medical and life decisions. The series was produced by MTM Enterprises, which had success with a similar NBC series, the police drama Hill Street Blues, during that same time; both series were often compared to each other for their use of ensemble casts and overlapping serialized storylines. St. Elsewhere was filmed at CBS/MTM Studios, which was known as CBS/Fox Studios when the show began; coincidentally, 20th Century Fox wound up acquiring the rights to the series when it bought MTM Enterprises in the 1990s.\nKnown for its combination of gritty, realistic drama and moments of black comedy, St. Elsewhere gained a small yet loyal following over its 6-season, 137-episode run; the series also found a strong audience in Nielsen's 18-49 age demographic, a young demo later known for a young, affluent audience that TV advertisers are eager to reach. The series also earned critical acclaim during its run, earning 13 Emmy Awards for its writing, acting, and directing. St. Elsewhere was ranked #20 on TV Guide's 2002 list of \"The 50 Greatest TV Shows of All Time.\", with the magazine also selecting it as the best drama series of the 1980s in a 1993 issue.
/m/01vx3m	Woking is a large town and civil parish that shares its name with the surrounding local government district, located in the west of Surrey, England. It is part of the Greater London Urban Area and the London commuter belt, with frequent trains and a journey time of approximately 24 minutes to Waterloo station. Woking is 23 miles southwest of Charing Cross in central London. Woking town itself, excluding the surrounding district, has a population of 62,796, with the whole local government district having a population of 99,500. Woking has been a Conservative area since the constituency was created in 1950, with Jonathan Lord elected as its Member of Parliament in the 2010 General Election.
/m/0fvxg	Helena is the capital city of the U.S. state of Montana and the county seat of Lewis and Clark County. The 2010 census put the population at 28,190. and the Lewis and Clark County population at 63,395. Helena is the principal city of the Helena Micropolitan Statistical Area, which includes all of Lewis and Clark and Jefferson counties; its population is 76,277 according to the 2012 U.S. Census.\nThe local daily newspaper is the Independent Record. The Helena Brewers minor league baseball and Helena Bighorns Tier III Junior A hockey team call the city home. The city is served by Helena Regional Airport.
/m/03pp73	Michael Moriarty is an American-Canadian stage and screen actor, and a jazz musician. He played Benjamin Stone for the first four seasons in the TV series Law & Order.
/m/07mqps	Dutch Americans are Americans of Dutch descent.\nFollowing the exploration of the American East Coast by Henry Hudson on behalf of the Dutch East India Company in 1609, Dutch settlement in the Americas started in 1613. From then on a number of villages, including New Amsterdam on the East Coast, which would become the future world metropolis of New York City, were established by Dutch immigrants. According to the 2000 United States Census, more than 5 million Americans claim total or partial Dutch heritage. Today the majority of the Dutch Americans live in Michigan, California, Montana, Minnesota, New York, Wisconsin, Idaho, Utah, Iowa, Ohio, West Virginia, and Pennsylvania.
/m/0l15f_	The alto flute is a type of Western concert flute, a musical instrument in the woodwind family. It is the next extension downward of the C flute after the flûte d'amour. It is characterized by its distinct, mellow tone in the lower portion of its range. It is a transposing instrument in G and, like the piccolo and bass flute, uses the same fingerings as the C flute.\nThe tube of the alto flute is considerably thicker and longer than a C flute and requires more breath from the player. This gives it a greater dynamic presence in the bottom octave and a half of its range.\nIt was the favourite flute variety of Theobald Boehm, who perfected its design, and is pitched in the key of G.\nIts range is from G3 to G6 plus an altissimo register stretching to D♭7. The headjoint may be straight or curved.\nBritish music that uses this instrument often refers to it as a bass flute, which can be confusing since there is a distinct instrument known by that name. This naming confusion originated in the fact that the modern flute in C is pitched in the same range as the Renaissance tenor flute, therefore a lower pitched instrument would be called a bass.
/m/0262s1	The Hugo Awards are given every year by the World Science Fiction Society for the best science fiction or fantasy works and achievements of the previous year. The award is named after Hugo Gernsback, the founder of the first science fiction magazine, Amazing Stories, and was once officially known as the Science Fiction Achievement Award. The award has been described as \"a fine showcase for speculative fiction\".\" The Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation was given each year for theatrical films, television episodes, or other dramatized works related to science fiction or fantasy released in the previous calendar year.\nThe award was first presented in 1958, and with the exceptions of 1964 and 1966 was given annually through 2002 when it was retired in favor of the newly created Dramatic Presentation and Dramatic Presentation categories, which divided the category depending on whether the work was longer or shorter than 90 minutes. In the 1964 and 1966 awards there were insufficient nominations made to support the category. Prior to 1971 the category was defined as including works from \"radio, television, stage or screen\", and thereafter was expanded to \"any medium of dramatized science fiction or fantasy\", resulting in the nomination of recorded songs and other works. In addition to the regular Hugo awards, beginning in 1996 Retrospective Hugo Awards, or \"Retro Hugos\", have been available to be awarded for years 50, 75, or 100 years prior in which no awards were given. To date, Retro Hugo awards have been awarded for 1946, 1951, and 1954; the first two were for the Best Dramatic Presentation category while the 1954 awards were for the Short Form category. There were insufficient nominations to support an award in the Long Form category for that year.
/m/0dlj8q2	The 100 Books of the Century is a list of the one hundred best books of the 20th century, according to a poll conducted in the spring of 1999 by the French retailer Fnac and the Paris newspaper Le Monde.\nStarting from a preliminary list of 200 titles created by bookshops and journalists, 17,000 French voted by responding to the question, \"Which books have stayed in your memory?\".\nThe list of acclaimed titles mixes great novels with poetry and theatre, as well as the comic strip. The first fifty works on the list were the subject of an essay by Frédéric Beigbeder, The Last Inventory Before Liquidation, in which he notably drew attention to its French-centred character.
/m/0fsb8	Charlotte is the largest city in the U.S. state of North Carolina and the seat of Mecklenburg County. In 2012, the estimated population of Charlotte according to the U.S. Census Bureau was 775,202, making it the 17th largest city in the United States based on population. The Charlotte metropolitan area ranks 23rd largest in the US and had a 2012 population of 2,296,569. The Charlotte metropolitan area is part of a sixteen-county market region or combined statistical area with a 2011 U.S. Census population estimate of 2,442,564. Residents of Charlotte are referred to as \"Charlotteans\". Charlotte is considered a \"Gam­ma+ world city\".\nThe city is a major U.S. financial center, the second largest financial center by assets following New York City. Bank of America and the East Coast operations of Wells Fargo are headquartered in the city. Charlotte is also home of the Carolina Panthers of the National Football League, the Charlotte Bobcats of the National Basketball Association, the Charlotte Hounds of Major League Lacrosse, the NASCAR Hall of Fame, Carowinds amusement park, and the U.S. National Whitewater Center.\nNicknamed the Queen City, Charlotte and its resident county are named in honor of Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz, who had become queen consort of Great Britain the year before the city's founding. A second nickname derives from the American Revolutionary War, when British commander General Cornwallis occupied the city but was driven out by hostile residents, prompting him to write that Charlotte was \"a hornet's nest of rebellion\", leading to the nickname The Hornet's Nest.
/m/0fvxz	Trenton is the capital city of the State of New Jersey and the county seat of Mercer County. The city is officially considered to be within the Greater New York City Combined Statistical Area. As of the 2010 United States Census, Trenton had a population of 84,913, making it the state's 10th-largest municipality. The Census Bureau estimated that the city's population was 84,899 in 2011.\nTrenton dates back at least to June 3, 1719, when mention was made of a constable being appointed for Trenton, while the area was still part of Hunterdon County. Boundaries were recorded for Trenton Township as of March 2, 1720, a courthouse and jail were constructed in Trenton around 1720 and the Freeholders of Hunterdon County met annually in Trenton. Trenton became New Jersey's capital as of November 25, 1790, and the City of Trenton was formed within Trenton Township on November 13, 1792. Trenton Township was incorporated as one of New Jersey's initial group of 104 townships by an Act of the New Jersey Legislature on February 21, 1798. Portions of the township were taken on February 22, 1834, to form Ewing Township. On April 10, 1837, Trenton Township was dissolved and became part of Trenton city. A series of annexations took place over a 50-year period, with the city absorbing South Trenton borough, portions of Nottingham Township, both the Borough of Chambersburg Township and Millham Township, as well as Wilbur Borough.
/m/01795t	Walt Disney Pictures is an American film production company and division of The Walt Disney Studios, owned by The Walt Disney Company. The division is based at the Walt Disney Studios and is the main producer of live-action feature films within the The Walt Disney Studios unit. It took on its current name in 1983. Today, in conjunction with the other units of The Walt Disney Studios, Walt Disney Pictures is classified as one of Hollywood's \"Big Six\" film studios. Nearly all of Walt Disney Pictures' releases are distributed theatrically by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures, through home media platforms via Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment and through television syndication by Disney–ABC Domestic Television.
/m/0x0d	The Arizona Diamondbacks are a professional baseball team based in Phoenix, Arizona. They play in the West Division of Major League Baseball's National League. Since the team's inception in 1998, they have played at Chase Field. The Diamondbacks have one World Series title, in 2001, becoming the fastest expansion team in the majors to win a championship, doing it in only the fourth season since their expansion in 1998.
/m/04gp3_2	This TV is an American television network that is operated as a joint venture between the Tribune Broadcasting subsidiary of the Tribune Company, and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. This TV features a general entertainment programming format with a large emphasis on movies, along with some limited classic television series and children's programming.\nThe network is available in many media markets via broadcast television stations, on select cable providers, and on free-to-air C-band satellite via SES-1 at 101 W in DVB-S format. This TV broadcasts 24 hours a day in the 480i standard definition broadcast format.
/m/0gw0	Anarchism is a political philosophy that advocates stateless societies often defined as self-governed voluntary institutions, but that several authors have defined as more specific institutions based on non-hierarchical free associations. Anarchism holds the state to be undesirable, unnecessary, or harmful. While anti-statism is central, some argue that anarchism entails opposing authority or hierarchical organisation in the conduct of human relations, including, but not limited to, the state system.\nAs a subtle and anti-dogmatic philosophy, anarchism draws on many currents of thought and strategy. Anarchism does not offer a fixed body of doctrine from a single particular world view, instead fluxing and flowing as a philosophy. There are many types and traditions of anarchism, not all of which are mutually exclusive. Anarchist schools of thought can differ fundamentally, supporting anything from extreme individualism to complete collectivism. Strains of anarchism have often been divided into the categories of social and individualist anarchism or similar dual classifications. Anarchism is often considered a radical left-wing ideology, and much of anarchist economics and anarchist legal philosophy reflect anti-authoritarian interpretations of communism, collectivism, syndicalism, mutualism, or participatory economics.
/m/02w_6xj	This is the complete list of the winners of the Los Angeles Film Critics Association Award for Best Director given by the Los Angeles Film Critics Association.
/m/029v40	Licence to Kill, released in 1989, is the sixteenth entry in the James Bond film series by Eon Productions, and the first one not to use the title of an Ian Fleming story. It is the fifth in a row and last to be directed by John Glen. It also marks Timothy Dalton's second and final performance in the role of James Bond. The story has elements of two Ian Fleming short stories and a novel, interwoven with aspects from Japanese Rōnin tales. The film sees Bond being suspended from MI6 as he pursues drugs lord Franz Sanchez, who has attacked his CIA friend Felix Leiter and murdered Felix's wife during their honeymoon. Originally titled Licence Revoked in line with the plot, the name was changed during post-production.\nBudgetary reasons made Licence to Kill the first Bond not to be shot in the United Kingdom, with locations in both Florida and Mexico. The film earned over $156 million worldwide, and enjoyed a generally positive critical reception, with ample praise for the stunts, but some criticism on Dalton's interpretation of Bond and the fact that the film was significantly darker and more violent than its predecessors.\nAfter the release of Licence to Kill, legal wrangling over control of the series and the James Bond character resulted in a six-year long delay in production of the next Bond film which resulted in Dalton deciding not to return. It is also the final Bond film for actors Robert Brown and Caroline Bliss, screenwriter Richard Maibaum, title designer Maurice Binder, editor John Grover, cinematographer Alec Mills, director and former Bond film editor John Glen, and producer Albert R. Broccoli, although he would later act as a consulting producer for GoldenEye before his death.
/m/01wyy_	John Frederick Milius is an American screenwriter, director, and producer of motion pictures. He co-wrote the first two Dirty Harry films, received an Academy Award nomination as screenwriter of Apocalypse Now, and wrote and directed The Wind and the Lion, Conan the Barbarian and Red Dawn.
/m/0l8sx	Time Warner Inc. is an American multinational media corporation headquartered in the Time Warner Center in New York City. As of mid-2010, it was the world's second largest media and entertainment conglomerate in terms of revenue, as well as the world's largest media conglomerate.\nTwo formerly separate companies, Warner Communications, Inc. and Time Inc., form the current Time Warner, with major operations in film, television, and publishing. Among its subsidiaries are New Line Cinema, Time Inc., HBO, Turner Broadcasting System, The CW Television Network, TheWB.com, Warner Bros., Kids' WB, Cartoon Network, Boomerang, Adult Swim, CNN, DC Comics, Warner Bros. Animation, Cartoon Network Studios, Hanna-Barbera, and Castle Rock Entertainment.\nTime Warner previously owned AOL, Time Warner Cable, and Warner Music Group, but has spun them off into independent companies. In March 2013, Time Warner announced that Time Inc. would be spun off as well. The company's cable news channel, CNN, initially reported that the spinoff would happen at the end of 2013,. However, the reported timeline has shifted multiple times. and current reports are forecasting the third or fourth quarter of 2014.
/m/0g1rw	Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Studios Inc., is an American media company, involved primarily in the production and distribution of films and television programs. Once the largest and most glamorous of film studios, MGM was founded in 1924 when the entertainment entrepreneur Marcus Loew gained control of Metro Pictures, Goldwyn Pictures Corporation and Louis B. Mayer Pictures. Its headquarters are in Beverly Hills, California.\nOn November 3, 2010, MGM filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy. MGM emerged from bankruptcy on December 20, 2010, at which time the executives of Spyglass Entertainment, Gary Barber and Roger Birnbaum, became co-Chairmen and co-CEOs of the holding company of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
/m/01vsyg9	James Patrick \"Jimmy\" Page, OBE is an English musician, songwriter and record producer who achieved international success as the guitarist and leader of the rock band Led Zeppelin.\nPage began his career as a studio session musician in London and, by the mid-1960s, he had become the most sought-after session guitarist in England. He was a member of the Yardbirds from 1966 to 1968. In late 1968, he founded Led Zeppelin.\nPage is widely considered to be one of the greatest and most influential guitarists of all time. Rolling Stone magazine has described Page as \"the pontiff of power riffing\" and ranked him number 3 in their list of the \"100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time\". In 2010, he was ranked number two in Gibson's list of \"Top 50 Guitarists of All Time\" and, in 2007, number four on Classic Rock's \"100 Wildest Guitar Heroes\". He was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame twice; once as a member of the Yardbirds and once as a member of Led Zeppelin. Page has been described by Uncut as \"rock's greatest and most mysterious guitar hero.\" Los Angeles Times magazine voted Jimmy Page the 2nd Greatest Guitarist of all time.
/m/0229rs	Rhino Entertainment Company is an American specialty record label and production company. It is owned by Warner Music Group.
/m/03rl1g	The Thirty-second United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, consisting of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, D.C. from March 4, 1851 to March 4, 1853, during the third and fourth years of Millard Fillmore's presidency. The apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives was based on the Sixth Census of the United States in 1840. Both chambers had a Democratic majority.
/m/06vkl	September is the ninth month of the year in the Julian and Gregorian Calendars and one of four months with a length of 30 days.\nSeptember in the Northern Hemisphere is the seasonal equivalent of March in the Southern Hemisphere.\nIn the Northern hemisphere, the beginning of the meteorological autumn is on the 1st of September. In the Southern hemisphere, the beginning of the meteorological spring is on the 1st of September.\nSeptember begins on the same day of the week as December every year, because there are 91 days separating September and December, which is a multiple of seven. No other month ends on the same day of the week as September in any year. This month and May are the only two months to have this property. April and July of the previous year begin on the same day of the week as September of the current year as a common year and January and October of the previous year begin on the same day of the week as September of the current year as a leap year. In common years, September ends on the same day of the week as April and December of the previous year while in leap years, September ends on the same day of the week as July of the previous year. In years immediately before common years, September begins on the same day of the week as June of the following year and in years immediately before leap years, September begins on the same day of the week as March and November of the following year. In years immediately before common years, September ends on the same day of the week as March and June of the following year and in years immediately before leap years, September ends on the same day of the week as August and November of the following year.
/m/02gnlz	Roy William Thomas, Jr. is an American comic book writer and editor and Stan Lee's first successor as editor-in-chief of Marvel Comics. He is possibly best known for introducing the pulp magazine hero Conan the Barbarian to American comics, with a series that added to the storyline of Robert E. Howard's character and helped launch a sword and sorcery trend in comics. Thomas is also known for his championing of Golden Age comic-book heroes — particularly the 1940s superhero team the Justice Society of America — and for lengthy writing stints on Marvel's X-Men and Avengers, and DC Comics' All-Star Squadron, among other titles.\nThomas was inducted into the Will Eisner Comic Book Hall of Fame in 2011.
/m/01q99h	Heart is an American rock band which first found success in Canada and later in the United States and worldwide. Over the group's four-decade history, the band has had three primary lineups, with the constant center of the group since 1974 being sisters lead singer Ann Wilson and guitarist Nancy Wilson. Heart rose to fame in the mid-1970s with music influenced by hard rock and heavy metal as well as folk music. Their popularity declined in the early 1980s, but the band enjoyed a comeback starting in 1985 and experienced even greater success with album oriented rock hits and hard rock ballads into the 1990s. With Jupiter's Darling, Red Velvet Car, and Fanatic, Heart made a return to their hard rock and acoustic folk roots.\nTo date, Heart has sold over 35 million records worldwide, including over 22 million in album sales in the U.S. The group was ranked number 57 on VH1's \"100 Greatest Artists of Hard Rock\". With Top 10 albums on the Billboard Album Chart in the 1970s, 1980s, 1990s, and 2010s, Heart is among the most commercially enduring hard rock bands in history. They were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2013.
/m/02mjs7	A law degree is an academic degree conferred for studies in law. Such degrees are generally preparation for legal careers; but while their curricula may be reviewed by legal authority, they do not themselves confer a license. A legal license is granted and exercised locally; while the Law Degree can have local, international, and world aspects- e.g., in Britain the Legal Practice Course is required to become a British solicitor or the Bar Professional Course to become a barrister.\nThe first academic degrees were all law degrees- and the first law degrees were doctorates. The foundations of the first universities in Europe were the glossators of the 11th century, which were schools of law. The first European university, that of Bologna, was founded as a school of law by four famous legal scholars in the 12th century who were students of the glossator school in that city. It is from this history that it is said that the first academic title of doctor applied to scholars of law. The degree and title were not applied to scholars of other disciplines until the 13th century. And at the University of Bologna from its founding in the 12th century until the end of the 20th century the only degree conferred was the doctorate, usually earned after five years of intensive study after secondary school. The rising of the doctor of philosophy to its present level is a modern novelty. At its origins, a doctorate was simply a qualification for a guild—that of teaching law.
/m/01g901	Far-right politics, or extreme right politics, are right-wing politics that are considered to be further to the right of those of the mainstream centre-right on the traditional left-right spectrum. They usually involve support for social inequality and social hierarchy, elements of social conservatism, and opposition to most forms of liberalism and socialism. Both terms are commonly used to describe fascist, neo-fascist or other ideologies and organizations that feature extreme nationalist, chauvinist, xenophobic, racist, or reactionary views. Some extreme right movements, such as the Nazis, have pursued oppression and genocide against groups of people on the basis of their alleged inferiority.
/m/0821j	William Ford Gibson is an American-Canadian speculative fiction novelist who has been called the \"noir prophet\" of the cyberpunk subgenre. Gibson coined the term \"cyberspace\" in his short story \"Burning Chrome\" and later popularized the concept in his debut novel, Neuromancer. In envisaging cyberspace, Gibson created an iconography for the information age before the ubiquity of the Internet in the 1990s. He is also credited with predicting the rise of reality television and with establishing the conceptual foundations for the rapid growth of virtual environments such as video games and the World Wide Web.\nHaving changed residence frequently with his family as a child, Gibson became a shy, ungainly teenager who often read science fiction. After spending his adolescence at a private boarding school in Arizona, Gibson evaded the draft during the Vietnam War by emigrating to Canada in 1968, where he became immersed in the counterculture. After settling in Vancouver he eventually became a full-time writer. He retains dual citizenship. Gibson's early works are bleak, noir near-future stories about the effect of cybernetics and computer networks on humans—a \"combination of lowlife and high tech\". The short stories were published in popular science fiction magazines. The themes, settings and characters developed in these stories culminated in his first novel, Neuromancer, which garnered critical and commercial success, virtually initiating the cyberpunk literary genre.
/m/05gnf	The National Broadcasting Company is an American commercial broadcast television and radio network. It is headquartered in the GE Building in New York City's Rockefeller Center, with additional major offices near Los Angeles and in Chicago. NBC is sometimes referred to as the \"Peacock Network\", due to its stylized peacock logo, which was originally created for its color broadcasts.\nFormed in 1926 by the Radio Corporation of America, NBC is the oldest major broadcast network in the United States. In 1986, control of NBC passed to General Electric, with GE's $6.4 billion purchase of RCA. GE had previously owned RCA and NBC until 1930, when it had been forced to sell the company as a result of antitrust charges.\nAfter the 1986 acquisition, the chief executive of NBC was Bob Wright, who remained in that position until his retirement, giving his job to Jeff Zucker. The network is currently part of the media company NBCUniversal, a subsidiary of Comcast, which formerly operated NBCUniversal in a joint venture with General Electric from 2011 to 2013. As a result of the merger, Zucker left NBC and was replaced by Comcast executive Steve Burke.
/m/010cw1	Hackensack is a city in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States, and serves as its county seat. It was officially named New Barbadoes Township until 1921, though it was informally known as Hackensack. As of the 2010 United States Census, the city's population was 43,010, reflecting an increase of 333 from the 42,677 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn increased by 5,628 from the 37,049 counted in the 1990 Census.\nAn inner suburb of New York City, Hackensack is located approximately 12 miles northwest of Midtown Manhattan and about 7 miles from the George Washington Bridge. From a number of locations one can see the New York City skyline.\nThe Metropolitan Campus of Fairleigh Dickinson University borders the Hackensack River in both Hackensack and Teaneck. Hackensack is also the home of the New Jersey Naval Museum and the World War II submarine USS Ling. Astronaut Walter Schirra is perhaps Hackensack's most famous native son.\nThe city is known for a great diversity of neighborhoods and land uses existing in very close proximity to each other. Within its borders are a massive medical center, a trendy high-rise district about a mile long, classic suburban neighborhoods of single-family houses, stately older homes on acre-plus lots, older two-family neighborhoods, large garden apartment complexes, industrial areas, the Bergen County Jail, a tidal river, Hackensack River County Park, Borg's Woods Nature Preserve, various city parks, large office buildings, a major college campus, a small-city downtown district with a Courthouse, and various small neighborhood business districts. Areas considered suburban single-family residential neighborhoods account for about 1/3 of the city, mostly along the western side.
/m/015cxv	Los Lobos are a multiple Grammy Award–winning American Chicano rock band from East Los Angeles, California. Their music is influenced by rock and roll, Tex-Mex, country, folk, R&B, blues, brown-eyed soul, and traditional music such as cumbia, boleros and norteños.
/m/063_j5	Kiss Kiss Bang Bang is a 2005 crime-comedy film written and directed by Shane Black, and starring Robert Downey, Jr., Val Kilmer, Michelle Monaghan and Corbin Bernsen. The script is partially based on the Brett Halliday novel Bodies Are Where You Find Them, and interprets the classic hardboiled literary genre in a tongue-in-cheek fashion. The film was produced by Joel Silver, with Susan Downey and Steve Richards as executive producers.\nShot in Los Angeles between February 24 and May 3, 2004, the film debuted at the 2005 Cannes Film Festival on May 14, and received a limited release in cinemas in October and November 2005.
/m/013gwb	Springfield is the third largest city in the state of Missouri and the county seat of Greene County. According to the 2010 census data, the population was 159,498, an increase of 5.2% since the 2000 census. The Springfield Metropolitan Area has a population of 436,712 and includes the counties of Christian, Dallas, Greene, Polk and Webster. Springfield's nickname is the Queen City of the Ozarks and is known as the Birthplace of Route 66 as well as the home of several universities including Missouri State University.
/m/0f2rq	Dallas is the ninth-largest city in the United States and the third-largest city in the state of Texas. The city's prominence arose from its historical importance as a center for the oil and cotton industries, and its position along numerous railroad lines. The bulk of the city is in Dallas County, of which it is the county seat. However, sections of the city are located in Collin, Denton, Kaufman, and Rockwall counties. According to the 2010 United States Census Bureau, the city had a population of 1,197,816. The U.S. Census Bureau's estimate for the city's population increased to 1,241,162 as of 2012.\nThe city is the largest economic center of the 12-county region. Dallas–Fort Worth–Arlington metropolitan area had a population of 6,700,991 as of 2012. The metropolitan economy is the sixth largest in the United States, with a 2012 real GDP of $420.34 billion. In 2013 the metropolitan area led the nation with the largest year-over-year increase in employment and advanced to become the fourth largest employment center in the nation with over three million non-farm jobs.\nDallas was founded in 1841 and formally incorporated as a city in February 1856. The city's economy is primarily based on banking, commerce, telecommunications, computer technology, energy, healthcare and medical research, transportation and logistics. The city is home to the third largest concentration of Fortune 500 companies in the nation. Located in North Texas, Dallas is the main core of the largest inland metropolitan area in the United States that lacks any navigable link to the sea. With the advent of the interstate highway system in the 1950s and 1960s, Dallas became an east/west and north/south focal point of the interstate system with the convergence of four major interstate highways in the city, along with a fifth interstate loop around the city. Dallas developed a strong industrial and financial sector, and a major inland port, due largely to the presence of Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport, one of the largest and busiest airports in the world.
/m/0cqt41	The New York Yankees are a Major League Baseball team based in the \nborough of The Bronx, in New York City. The team's name is often shortened to \n\"the Yanks\", and their most prominantly used nickname is \"the Bronx \nBombers\", or simply \"the Bombers\". The organization is sometimes \nreferred to by detractors as \"the Bronx Zoo\" and, more prominantly, \"the\nEvil Empire\", although both terms are embraced by some fans.\nOne of the American League's eight charter franchises, the club was founded \nin Baltimore, Maryland in 1901 as the Baltimore Orioles, moving to New York in \n1903 to become the New York Highlanders. From 1923 to the present, the Yankees \nhave played at Yankee Stadium. The Yankees have been Major League Baseball's \nmost storied franchise, winning 26 World Series titles and 39 American League \nPennants. Their 26 titles make them the most successful franchise in North \nAmerican professional sports history, passing the Montreal Canadiens' 24 titles \nin 1999. They are also the only team represented in the National Baseball Hall \nof Fame at every position. Notably, they have faced every winner of the National \nLeague pennant in the World Series except for the Houston Astros, who won their \nfirst pennant in 2005. No other team has come close to matching this feat.\nThe Yankees also have one of the longest standing and most storied rivalries \nin North American sports with the nearby Boston Red Sox. The Yankees-Red Sox \nRivalry has centered around the supposed Curse of the Bambino, and has gained \neven more signficance with the creation of the Wild Card in 1995, which allowed \nthe two teams to meet in the playoffs.
/m/01mtt	A card game is any game using playing cards as the primary device with which the game is played, be they traditional or game-specific. Countless card games exist, including families of related games. A small number of card games played with traditional decks have formally standardized rules, but most are folk games whose rules vary by region, culture, and person.\nMany games that are not generally placed in the family of card games do in fact use cards for some aspect of their gameplay. Similarly, some games that are placed in the card game genre involve a board. The distinction is that the gameplay of a card game primarily depends on the use of the cards by players, while board games generally focus on the players' positions on the board, and use the cards for some secondary purpose.
/m/02m_41	The Goethe University Frankfurt is a university which was founded in 1914 as a Citizens' University, which means that, while it was a State university of Prussia, it had been founded and financed by the wealthy and active liberal citizenry of Frankfurt am Main, a unique feature in German university history. It was named in 1932 after one of the most famous natives of Frankfurt, the poet and writer Johann Wolfgang von Goethe. Today, the university has 38,000 students, on 4 major campuses within the city.\nSeveral Nobel Prize winners have been affiliated with the university, such as Max von Lau. The university is also affiliated with 11 winners of the Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz Prize.
/m/01h7xx	The Thirtieth United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, consisting of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, D.C. from March 4, 1847 to March 4, 1849, during the last two years of the administration of President James K. Polk. The apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives was based on the Sixth Census of the United States in 1840. The Senate had a Democratic majority, and the House had a Whig majority. It was the only Congress in which Abraham Lincoln served.
/m/0gvx_	The Academy Award for Documentary Feature is an award for documentary films.
/m/01vn0t_	Freddie Mercury was a British musician, singer, and songwriter, best known as the lead vocalist and lyricist of the rock band Queen. As a performer, he was known for his flamboyant stage persona and powerful vocals over a four-octave range. As a songwriter, Mercury composed many hits for Queen, including \"Bohemian Rhapsody\", \"Killer Queen\", \"Somebody to Love\", \"Don't Stop Me Now\", \"Crazy Little Thing Called Love\", and \"We Are the Champions\". In addition to his work with Queen, he led a solo career, and also occasionally served as a producer and guest musician for other artists. He died of bronchopneumonia brought on by AIDS on 24 November 1991, only one day after publicly acknowledging that he had the disease.\nMercury was a Parsi born in Zanzibar and grew up there and in India until his mid-teens. Posthumously, in 1992 he was awarded the Brit Award for Outstanding Contribution to Music, and the Freddie Mercury Tribute Concert was held at Wembley Stadium, London. As a member of Queen, he was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2001, the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 2003, the UK Music Hall of Fame in 2004, and the band received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 2002. In 2002, Mercury was placed at number 58 in the BBC's poll of the 100 Greatest Britons. He continues to be voted one of the greatest singers in the history of popular music. In 2005, a poll organised by Blender and MTV2 saw Mercury voted the greatest male singer of all time. In 2008, Rolling Stone editors ranked him number 18 on their list of the 100 greatest singers of all time. In 2009, a Classic Rock poll saw him voted the greatest rock singer of all time. Allmusic has characterised Mercury as \"one of rock's greatest all-time entertainers\", who possessed \"one of the greatest voices in all of music\".
/m/0f69h	Neo-Nazism consists of post-World War II social or political movements seeking to revive Nazism. The term neo-Nazism can also refer to the ideology of these movements.\nNeo-Nazism borrows elements from Nazi doctrine, including militant nationalism, racism, xenophobia, homophobia, antisemitism and initiating the Fourth Reich. Holocaust denial is a common feature, as is incorporation of Nazi symbols and admiration of Adolf Hitler. It is related to the white nationalist and white power skinhead movements in many countries.\nNeo-Nazi activity appears to be a global phenomenon, with organized representation in many countries, as well as international networks. Some European and Latin American countries have laws prohibiting the expression of pro-Nazi, racist, anti-Semitic or anti-homosexual views. Many Nazi-related symbols are banned in European countries in an effort to curtail neo-Nazism.
/m/02b0xq	A.F.C. Bournemouth is a football club playing in the Championship, the second tier in the English football league system. The club plays at the Goldsands Stadium in Kings Park, Boscombe, Bournemouth, Dorset and have been in existence since 1899.\nNicknamed The Cherries, the team traditionally played in red shirts with white sleeves until 1971, when the strip was changed to red and black stripes, similar to that of A.C. Milan. A predominantly red shirt was chosen for the 2004–05 and 2005–06 seasons before announcing a return to the stripes for the 2006–07 season due to fan demand.\nAfter narrowly avoiding relegation from the Football League in the 2008–09 season, Bournemouth were promoted to League One at the end of the 2009–10. After making the League One play-off semi-finals in 2010–11 and achieving a mid-table finish in 2011–12, Bournemouth won promotion to the Championship at the end of the 2012–13 season, putting them in the second tier of the league for only the second time in their history.
/m/0739z6	Mary Megan \"Mare\" Winningham is an American actress and singer-songwriter. She has been nominated once for an Academy Award, Golden Globe and Drama Desk, 8 Emmy Award nominations, and has also won an Independent Spirit Award and two Screen Actors Guild Award nominations. She is best known for performances in St. Elmo's Fire, Miracle Mile, Turner & Hooch, The War, Georgia, George Wallace, Dandelion, Brothers, Swing Vote, Mildred Pierce and Hatfields & McCoys.
/m/03676	Guinea, officially the Republic of Guinea, is a country in West Africa. Formerly known as French Guinea, it is today sometimes called Guinea-Conakry to distinguish it from its neighbour Guinea-Bissau and the Republic of Equatorial Guinea. It has a population of 10,057,975 and an area of 246,000 square kilometres.\nForming a crescent as it curves from its western border on the Atlantic Ocean toward the east and the south, Guinea shares its northern border with Guinea-Bissau, Senegal, and Mali, and its southern border with Sierra Leone, Liberia, and Côte d'Ivoire. The sources of the Niger River, Gambia River, and Senegal River are all found in the Guinea Highlands.\nThe country is a republic. The president who is directly elected by the people, is the Head of State and Head of Government. The Unicameral National Assembly is the legislative body of the country, and its members are directly elected by the people. The judicial branch is lead by the Guinea Supreme Court, the highest and final Court of appeal in the country.\nGuinea is divided into eight administrative regions and subdivided into thirty-three prefectures. Conakry is Guinea's capital, largest city, and economic centre. Nzérékoré, located in the Guinée forestière region in Southern Guinea, is the second largest city. Other major cities in the country with a population above 100,000 include Kankan, Kindia, Labe, Guéckédou, Boke, Mamou and Kissidougou. Guinea has four main regions: Maritime Guinea, Mid-Guinea, Upper-Guinea and Forested Guinea.
/m/04n0p	The classical Latin alphabet or Roman alphabet is a writing system which evolved from a western variety of the Greek alphabet called the Cumaean alphabet, itself a descendant of the Phoenician alphabet, also itself a descendant of the Egyptian hieroglyphs, which was adopted and modified by the Etruscans who ruled early Rome. The Etruscan alphabet was in turn adopted and further modified by the ancient Romans to write the Latin language.\nDuring the Middle Ages, the Latin alphabet was adapted to Romance languages, direct descendants of Latin, as well as to Celtic, Germanic, Baltic, and some Slavic languages. With the age of colonialism and Christian evangelism, the Latin script was spread overseas, and applied to indigenous American, Australian, Austronesian, Austroasiatic, and African languages. More recently, linguists have also tended to prefer the Latin script or the International Phonetic Alphabet when transcribing or creating written standards for non-European languages, such as the African reference alphabet.\nThe term Latin alphabet may refer to either the alphabet used to write Latin, or other alphabets based on the Latin script, which is the basic set of letters common to the various alphabets descended from the classical Latin one, such as the English alphabet. These Latin alphabets may discard letters, like the Rotokas alphabet, or add new letters, like the Danish and Norwegian alphabet. Letter shapes have changed over the centuries, including the creation for Medieval Latin of lower case forms which did not exist in the Classical period.
/m/0gwj	Autism is a disorder of neural development characterized by impaired social interaction and verbal and non-verbal communication, and by restricted, repetitive or stereotyped behavior. The diagnostic criteria require that symptoms become apparent before a child is three years old. Autism affects information processing in the brain by altering how nerve cells and their synapses connect and organize; how this occurs is not well understood. It is one of three recognized disorders in the autism spectrum, the other two being Asperger syndrome, which lacks delays in cognitive development and language, and pervasive developmental disorder, not otherwise specified, which is diagnosed when the full set of criteria for autism or Asperger syndrome are not met.\nAutism has a strong genetic basis, although the genetics of autism are complex and it is unclear whether ASD is explained more by rare mutations, or by rare combinations of common genetic variants. In rare cases, autism is strongly associated with agents that cause birth defects. Controversies surround other proposed environmental causes, such as heavy metals, pesticides or childhood vaccines; the vaccine hypotheses are biologically implausible and lack convincing scientific evidence. The prevalence of autism is about 1–2 per 1,000 people worldwide, and it occurs about four times more often in boys than girls. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention report 20 per 1,000 children in the United States are diagnosed with ASD as of 2012, up from 11 per 1,000 in 2008. The number of people diagnosed with autism has been increasing dramatically since the 1980s, partly due to changes in diagnostic practice and government-subsidized financial incentives for named diagnoses; the question of whether actual prevalence has increased is unresolved.
/m/07lk3	Tarzan is a fictional character, an archetypal feral child raised in the African jungles by the Mangani \"great apes\"; he later experiences civilization only to largely reject it and return to the wild as a heroic adventurer. Created by Edgar Rice Burroughs, Tarzan first appeared in the novel Tarzan of the Apes, and then in twenty-five sequels, three authorized books by other authors, and innumerable works in other media, authorized and not.
/m/03j755	APOEL F.C. is a professional football club based in Nicosia, Cyprus. They are one of the founding members of the Cyprus Football Association. APOEL is the most popular football team in Cyprus and they are the most successful with an overall tally of 22 championships, 19 cups and 12 super cups. APOEL's greatest moment in the European competitions occurred in the season 2011–12, when the club participated in the group stages of the 2011–12 UEFA Champions League and achieved qualification for the quarter-finals of the competition by topping the group and eliminating Olympique Lyonnais in the last 16, becoming the only Cypriot club to reach the UEFA Champions League quarter-finals. APOEL's European competitions highlights include also appearances in the group stages of the 2009–10 UEFA Champions League and the group stages of the 2013–14 UEFA Europa League. APOEL is the only Cypriot club who have reached the group stages of both major UEFA competitions.
/m/03c6vl	Thomas David Schlamme is an American television director. He is best known for his characteristic directing technique called the \"walk and talk\". These sequences consist of single tracking shots of long duration involving multiple characters engaging in conversation as they move through the set; characters enter and exit the conversation as the shot continues without any cuts.
/m/03wkwg	Cardinal is a vivid red, which may get its name from the cassocks worn by Catholic cardinals, or from the bird of the same name.\n\nThe first recorded use of cardinal as a color name in English was in the year 1698.
/m/048_p	Kim Stanley Robinson is an American science fiction writer, best known for his award-winning Mars trilogy. Robinson's work has been labeled by reviewers as literary science fiction.
/m/01vqq1	New Westminster is a historically important city in the Lower Mainland region of British Columbia, Canada, and is a member municipality of the Greater Vancouver Regional District. It was founded as the capital of the Colony of British Columbia in 1858, and continued in that role until the Mainland and Island Colonies were merged in 1866, and was the Mainland's largest city from that year until it was passed in population by Vancouver in the first decade of the 20th Century.
/m/0mn0v	Virginia Beach is an independent city located in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 437,994., in 2013, the population was estimated to be 449,628, It is the most populous city in Virginia as well as the 39th most populous in the United States.\nLocated on the Atlantic Ocean at the mouth of the Chesapeake Bay, Virginia Beach is included in the Hampton Roads metropolitan area. This area, known as \"America's First Region\", also includes the independent cities of Chesapeake, Hampton, Newport News, Norfolk, Portsmouth, and Suffolk, as well as other smaller cities, counties, and towns of Hampton Roads.\nVirginia Beach is a resort city with miles of beaches and hundreds of hotels, motels, and restaurants along its oceanfront. Every year the city hosts the East Coast Surfing Championships as well as the North American Sand Soccer Championship, a beach soccer tournament. It is also home to several state parks, several long-protected beach areas, three military bases, a number of large corporations, two universities, Edgar Cayce's Association for Research and Enlightenment, and numerous historic sites. Near the point where the Chesapeake Bay and the Atlantic Ocean meet, Cape Henry was the site of the first landing of the English colonists, who eventually settled in Jamestown, on April 26, 1607.
/m/0317zz	Mindscape is an international software publishing company, previously part of The Learning Company. They are now affiliated with Electronic Arts. As of 2004, the group has offices in Europe, Asia, Australia and South America. It has an annual turnover of €38 million and employs 150 people. Mindscape publishes and distributes educational and lifestyle games and software. Its most notable titles include Law & Order: Criminal Intent and Lego Island.
/m/0f4vbz	Angelina Jolie is an American actress, film director, screenwriter, and author. She has received an Academy Award, two Screen Actors Guild Awards, and three Golden Globe Awards, and was named Hollywood's highest-paid actress by Forbes in 2009, 2011, and 2013. Jolie promotes humanitarian causes, and is noted for her work with refugees as a Special Envoy and former Goodwill Ambassador for the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees. She has often been cited as the world's \"most beautiful\" woman, a title for which she has received substantial media attention.\nJolie made her screen debut as a child alongside her father, Jon Voight, in Lookin' to Get Out, but her film career began in earnest a decade later with the low-budget production Cyborg 2. Her first leading role in a major film was in the cyber-thriller Hackers. She starred in the critically acclaimed biographical television films George Wallace and Gia, and won an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her performance in the drama Girl, Interrupted.\nJolie achieved wide fame after her portrayal of the video game heroine Lara Croft in Lara Croft: Tomb Raider, and established herself among the highest-paid actresses in Hollywood with the sequel The Cradle of Life. She continued her action star career with Mr. & Mrs. Smith, Wanted, Salt and The Tourist —her biggest live-action commercial successes to date with international revenues of US$478 million, $341 million, $293 million and $278 million respectively—and she received further critical acclaim for her performances in the dramas A Mighty Heart and Changeling, which earned her a nomination for an Academy Award for Best Actress. Jolie made her directorial debut with the wartime drama In the Land of Blood and Honey.
/m/01j53q	TLC is an American basic cable and satellite television network that is owned by Discovery Communications. Initially focused on educational content, by 2001, the network began to primarily focus towards reality-style series involving lifestyles, family life and personal stories.\nAs of August 2013, approximately 97,842,000 American households receive TLC.
/m/070zc	The Free State of Saxony is a landlocked federal state of Germany, bordering the federal states of Brandenburg, Saxony Anhalt, Thuringia, and Bavaria, as well as the countries Poland and the Czech Republic. Its capital is Dresden.\nIt is the tenth-largest of Germany's sixteen states in area, with an area of 18,413 square kilometres, and, with a population of 4.3 million, the sixth most populous German state, .\nLocated in the middle of a former German-speaking part of Europe, the history of the state of Saxony spans more than a millennium. It has been a medieval duchy, an electorate of the Holy Roman Empire, a kingdom, and twice a republic.\nThe area of the modern state of Saxony should not be confused with Old Saxony, the area inhabited by Saxons. Old Saxony corresponds approximately to the modern German states of Lower Saxony, Saxony-Anhalt and the Westphalian part of North Rhine-Westphalia.
/m/0nzw2	DeKalb County is a county located in the U.S. state of Georgia. The population of the county was 691,893 at the 2010 census. Its county seat is the city of Decatur. It is bordered to the west by Fulton County and contains roughly 10% of the city of Atlanta..\nDeKalb County is included in the five-county core of the Atlanta metropolitan statistical area. It is the third-most-populated county in Metro Atlanta and the state, just behind Gwinnett County. Prior to the 2010 Census, DeKalb County historically ranked second behind Fulton County for many years. It is the most diverse county in Georgia. DeKalb is primarily a suburban county, and is the second-most-affluent county with an African-American majority in the United States, behind Prince George's County, Maryland, in suburban Washington D.C. and Baltimore.\nIn 2009, DeKalb earned the Atlanta Regional Commission's \"Green Communities\" designation for its efforts in conserving energy, water and fuel; investing in renewable energy; reducing waste; and protecting and restoring natural resources.\nIn recent years, some communities in North DeKalb have incorporated, following a trend in other suburban areas around Metro Atlanta. Dunwoody & Brookhaven are now the largest cities in the county.
/m/01bzs9	The University of Leeds is a British Redbrick university located in the city of Leeds, West Yorkshire, England. Originally named the Yorkshire College of Science and later simply the Yorkshire College, it incorporated the Leeds School of Medicine and became part of the federal Victoria University alongside Owens College and University College Liverpool. In 1904, a royal charter was granted to the University of Leeds by King Edward VII.\nLeeds has around 33,600 students, the eighth-highest number of any university in the UK. From 2006 to present, the university has consistently been ranked second in the United Kingdom for the number of applications received, second only to the University of Manchester. Leeds had a total income of £547.3 million in 2010/11, of which £124 million was from research grants and contracts. The university has financial endowments of £42.3 million, ranking outside the top ten British universities by financial endowment.\nThe University is a member of the Russell Group of research-intensive universities, of which the university's Vice-Chancellor Prof Michael Arthur is the current Chairman, and the N8 Group for research collaboration. The university is also a founding member of the Worldwide Universities Network, the Association of Commonwealth Universities, the European University Association, the White Rose University Consortium, the Santander Network and CDIO and is also affiliated to the Association of MBAs, EQUIS and Universities UK.
/m/01yf92	Koei Co., Ltd. is a Japanese video game publisher, developer, and distributor founded in 1978. The company is best known for its historical simulation games based on the novel Romance of the Three Kingdoms, as well as simulation games based on pseudo-historical events.\nThe company has also found mainstream success in a series of loosely historical action games, the flagship titles of which are Dynasty Warriors and Samurai Warriors, the Musō series. Koei also owned a division known as Ruby Party, which focuses in dating sim games.\nOn April 1, 2009, Koei merged with Tecmo to form the Tecmo Koei Holdings holding company. Koei changed its name to Tecmo Koei Games on April 1, 2010 by absorbing Tecmo. Tecmo Koei Games continues to use the Koei brand.
/m/021f30	The Tokyo Yakult Swallows are a professional baseball team in Japan's Central League.\nThe Swallows are named after their corporate owners, the Yakult Corporation. From 1950 to 1965, the team was owned by the former Japanese National Railways and called the Kokutetsu Swallows; the team was then owned by the newspaper Sankei Shimbun from 1965 to 1968 and called the Sankei Atoms. Yakult purchased the team in 1970 and restored its original Swallows name in 1974. Then it was renamed the Tokyo Yakult Swallows in 2006.
/m/01f8f7	2046 is a 2004 Hong Kong film written and directed by Wong Kar-wai. It is a loose sequel to the 1991 Hong Kong film Days of Being Wild and the 2000 Hong Kong film In the Mood for Love. It follows the aftermath of Chow Mo-wan's unconsummated affair with Su Li-Zhen in 1960s Hong Kong but also includes some science fiction elements.
/m/0q9jk	Taxi is an American sitcom that originally aired from 1978 to 1982 on ABC and from 1982 to 1983 on NBC. The series, which won 18 Emmy Awards, including three for \"Outstanding Comedy Series\", focuses on the everyday lives of a handful of New York City taxi drivers and their abusive dispatcher. The series, produced by the John Charles Walters Company, in association with Paramount Network Television, was created by James L. Brooks, Stan Daniels, David Davis, and Ed. Weinberger.
/m/01czx	Black Sabbath are an English rock band, formed in Birmingham in 1968, by guitarist Tony Iommi, bassist Geezer Butler, singer Ozzy Osbourne, and drummer Bill Ward. The band has since experienced multiple line-up changes, with Tony Iommi the only constant presence in the band through the years. Originally formed in 1968 as a heavy blues rock band named Earth, the band began incorporating occult themes with horror-inspired lyrics and tuned-down guitars. Despite an association with occult and horror themes, Black Sabbath also composed songs dealing with social instability, political corruption, the dangers of drug abuse and apocalyptic prophecies of the horrors of war.\nOsbourne's heavy drug use led to his dismissal from the band in 1979. He was replaced by former Rainbow vocalist Ronnie James Dio. After a few albums with Dio's vocals and songwriting collaborations, Black Sabbath endured a revolving line-up in the 1980s and 1990s that included vocalists Ian Gillan, Glenn Hughes, Ray Gillen and Tony Martin, as well as multiple members of Deep Purple and Rainbow. In 1992, Iommi and Butler rejoined Dio and drummer Vinny Appice to record Dehumanizer. The original line-up reunited with Osbourne in 1997 and released a live album Reunion. Black Sabbath's 19th studio album, 13, which features three of the original members, was released in June 2013.
/m/025b3k	Elmore John Leonard, Jr. was an American novelist and screenwriter. His earliest novels, published in the 1950s, were Westerns, but Leonard went on to specialize in crime fiction and suspense thrillers, many of which have been adapted into motion pictures.\nAmong his best-known works are Get Shorty, Out of Sight, Hombre, Mr. Majestyk, and Rum Punch. Leonard's writings include short stories that became the films 3:10 to Yuma and The Tall T, as well as the current FX television series Justified.
/m/0kjrx	Uma Karuna Thurman is an American actress and model. She has performed in leading roles in a variety of films, ranging from romantic comedies and dramas to science fiction and action movies. Following early roles in films such as Dangerous Liaisons, she rose to international prominence in 1994 following her role in Quentin Tarantino's Pulp Fiction for which she was nominated for an Academy Award, a BAFTA Award and a Golden Globe Award. She starred in several more films throughout the 1990s such as The Truth About Cats & Dogs, Batman & Robin, Gattaca and Les Misérables.\nShe won a Golden Globe Award for the miniseries Hysterical Blindness. Her career was revitalized when she reunited with director Quentin Tarantino to play the main role in both Kill Bill films which brought her an additional two Golden Globe Award nominations and a BAFTA Award nomination.
/m/0jz71	My Man Godfrey is a 1936 American comedy-drama film directed by Gregory La Cava. The screenplay was written by Morrie Ryskind, with uncredited contributions by La Cava, based on 1011 Fifth, a short novel by Eric Hatch. The story concerns a socialite who hires a derelict to be her family's butler, only to fall in love with him, much to his dismay. The film stars William Powell and Carole Lombard.\nThe film was remade in 1957 with June Allyson and David Niven in the starring roles. In 1999, the original version of My Man Godfrey was deemed \"culturally significant\" by the United States Library of Congress and selected for preservation in the National Film Registry.
/m/03hkp	Hebrew is an ancient Semitic language that was revived into modern use around the end of the Nineteenth century, with the effort initiated by Eliezar Ben-Yehuda.Ivrit can be interpreted to mean boundary crosser, because the ancient Hebrews crossed social boundaries as they organized their nation.The search for cognates in English can be amusing and revealing (behemoth, leviathan, and more).
/m/0b25vg	Amy Lou Adams is an Italian-born American actress and singer. She has been nominated for five Academy Awards, five Golden Globes, six Screen Actors Guild Awards, four BAFTA Awards, and nine BFCA Awards.\nAdams was born to American parents in Vicenza, Italy, and began her performing career on stage in dinner theaters, before making her screen debut in the 1999 black comedy film Drop Dead Gorgeous. After a series of television guest appearances and roles in B movies, she was cast in the role of Brenda Strong in 2002's Catch Me If You Can, but her breakthrough role was in the 2005 independent film Junebug, playing Ashley Johnsten, for which she received critical acclaim and an Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress. Adams subsequently starred in Disney's 2007 film Enchanted, a critical and commercial success, and received a Golden Globe Award nomination for her performance as Giselle. She received her second Academy Award and Golden Globe Award nominations the following year for her role as a young nun in Doubt.\nIn 2009, Adams portrayed Amelia Earhart in the highly successful adventure film Night at the Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian, and starred as writer Julie Powell in the comedy-drama film Julie & Julia. She received two more Golden Globes, BAFTA, and Academy Award nominations for her roles in the 2010 sports drama The Fighter and the 2012 psychological drama The Master. Adams achieved further success in 2013 for portraying Lois Lane in the Superman movie Man of Steel and a con artist in American Hustle; the latter earned her the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in a Musical or Comedy and her fifth Academy Award nomination, this time for Best Actress.
/m/0j06n	\"Roundhead\" was the name given to the supporters of the Parliament during the English Civil War. Also known as Parliamentarians, they fought against King Charles I and his supporters, the Cavaliers, who claimed absolute power and the divine right of kings. The goal of the Roundhead party was to give the Parliament supreme control over executive administration.\nMost Roundheads appear to have sought a constitutional monarchy, in place of the absolutist monarchy sought by Charles I. However, at the end of the Civil War in 1649, public antipathy towards the king was high enough to allow republican Roundhead leaders such as Oliver Cromwell to abolish the monarchy completely and establish the republican Commonwealth. The Roundhead commander-in-chief of the first Civil War, Lord Fairfax, remained a supporter of constitutional monarchy, as did many other Roundhead leaders such as Edward Montagu and the Earl of Essex; however this party was outmaneuvered by the more politically adept Cromwell and his radicals, who had the backing of the New Model Army and took advantage of Charles' perceived betrayal of England by allying with the Scots against Parliament.\nEngland's many Puritans and Presbyterians were almost invariably Roundhead supporters, as were many smaller religious groups such as the Independents. However many Roundheads were Church of England, as were many Cavaliers.
/m/01ngz1	The University of South Dakota is a public coeducational research university located in the small town community of Vermillion, South Dakota. USD was established by the Dakota Territory legislature in 1862, 37 years before the establishment of the state of South Dakota, USD is the oldest public university in the state.\nOn a 286-acre campus, USD is situated in the southeastern portion of South Dakota, approximately 63 miles southwest of Sioux Falls, South Dakota, 39 miles northwest of Sioux City, Iowa and north of the Missouri River.\nThe University of South Dakota is home to South Dakota's only medical school and law school. USD is governed by the South Dakota Board of Regents, and its current president is Jim Abbott. The university has been accredited by the North Central Association of College and Schools since 1913.\nThe athletic teams compete in the NCAA's Division I as members of The Summit League, except football which competes in the Missouri Valley Football Conference.
/m/0gx9rvq	Jack Reacher is a 2012 American thriller film. It is an adaptation of Lee Child's 2005 novel One Shot. Written and directed by Christopher McQuarrie, the film stars Tom Cruise as Jack Reacher. The film entered production in October 2011, and concluded in January 2012. It was filmed entirely on location in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.\nThe film's U.S. premiere gala, scheduled for December 15, was delayed after the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting on December 14. The film was released in North America on December 21, and in the United Kingdom on December 26, 2012.
/m/03mq33	SK Slavia Prague is a Czech professional football club founded in 1892 in the city of Prague.\nThey play in the Gambrinus liga—the highest competition in the Czech Republic. Alongside Sparta Prague, they are considered one of the top Czech clubs and the rivalry between the two clubs is important in Czech football. Slavia has won 17 titles, several Czech cups and the Mitropa Cup in 1938. Their most recent success was winning the Gambrinus liga in the 2008-09 season. Slavia also won the Gambrinus liga in the 1995-96 season, when they also advanced to the UEFA Cup semi-finals. They qualified for the 2007/08 UEFA Champions League group stage for the first time in their history.\nIn addition to their men's squad, Slavia Prague also has reserve, youth, women's, and futsal teams.
/m/013g3	Alexandria is the second largest city and the second largest metropolitan area in Egypt after Greater Cairo by size and number of population of 4.5 million, extending about 32 km along the coast of the Mediterranean Sea in the north central part of the country. It is also the largest city lying directly on the Mediterranean coast. Alexandria is Egypt's largest seaport, serving approximately 80% of Egypt's imports and exports. It is an important industrial center because of its natural gas and oil pipelines from Suez. Alexandria is also an important tourist resort.\nAlexandria was founded around a small Ancient Egyptian town c. 331 BC by Alexander the Great. It became an important centre of the Hellenistic civilization and remained the capital of Hellenistic and Roman & Byzantine Egypt for almost one thousand years until the Muslim conquest of Egypt in AD 641, when a new capital was founded at Fustat. Hellenistic Alexandria was best known for the Lighthouse of Alexandria, one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World; its Great Library; and the Necropolis, one of the Seven Wonders of the Middle Ages. Ongoing maritime archaeology in the harbor of Alexandria, which began in 1994, is revealing details of Alexandria both before the arrival of Alexander, when a city named Rhacotis existed there, and during the Ptolemaic dynasty.
/m/02x7vq	Dianne E. Wiest is an American actress on stage, television and film. She has won two Academy Awards, two Emmy Awards and a Golden Globe Award. Wiest has also been nominated for a BAFTA Award.
/m/01wy6	The clarinet is a type of woodwind instrument that has a single-reed mouthpiece, a straight cylindrical tube with an approximately cylindrical bore, and a flaring bell. A person who plays the clarinet is called a clarinetist or clarinettist.\nThe word clarinet may have entered the English language via the French clarinette, or from Provençal clarin, \"oboe\". It \"is plainly a diminutive of clarino, the Italian for trumpet\", and the Italian clarinetto is the source of the name in many other languages. According to Johann Gottfried Walther, writing in 1732, the reason for the name was that \"it sounded from far off not unlike a trumpet\". This may indicate its strident quality in the upper register, although in the low register it was \"feeble and buzzing\". The English form clarinet is found as early as 1733, and the now-archaic clarionet appears from 1784 until the early years of the 20th century.\nThere are many types of clarinets of differing sizes and pitches, comprising a large family of instruments. The unmodified word clarinet usually refers to the B♭ soprano clarinet, by far the most common type, which has a large range of nearly four octaves. The clarinet family is the largest woodwind family, with more than a dozen types, ranging from the BBB♭ octo-contrabass to the A♭ piccolo clarinet. Of these, many are rare or obsolete, and music written for them is usually played on more common versions of the instrument.
/m/02q7fl9	Primary Colors is a 1998 drama film based on the novel Primary Colors: A Novel of Politics, a roman à clef about Bill Clinton's first presidential campaign in 1992, which originally had been published anonymously, but in 1996 was revealed to have been written by journalist Joe Klein, who had been covering Clinton's campaign for Newsweek. It was directed by Mike Nichols and starred John Travolta, Emma Thompson, Billy Bob Thornton, Kathy Bates, Maura Tierney, Larry Hagman, and Adrian Lester. Bates was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her performance, and the film itself was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay.
/m/042rlf	Al-Hilal Saudi Football Club, also known simply as Al-Hilal, is a Saudi Arabian professional football team based in the country's capital of Riyadh. It holds 55 official championship since its founding in 1957. Al-Hilal has a reputation for being the most widely supported club in Saudi Arabia.\nAmong the club's most famous players were Yousuf Al-Thunayan and Sami Al-Jaber; of the Saudi Arabian national football team, and goalkeeper Mohamed Al-Deayea, who is also known as \"The Octopus\". Al-Deayea is the former world record holder for most international appearances by a male football player,He was chosen to be Asia's goalkeeper of the century in 2000. The very well known Brazilian, Rivelino, also played for Al-Hilal from 1978 to 1981.\nThe nicknames are \"Al-Zaeem\", which means \"The Boss\" came from the club's leading position in Asia and in Saudi Arabia. With this clear lead, the IFFHS ranked Al-Hilal as the Asian Club of the 20th Century.
/m/0124qd	The Inner Hebrides is an archipelago off the west coast of Mainland Scotland, to the southeast of the Outer Hebrides. Together these two island chains form the Hebrides, which experience a mild oceanic climate. There are 35 inhabited islands and a further 44 uninhabited Inner Hebrides with an area greater than 30 hectares. The main commercial activities are tourism, crofting, fishing and whisky distilling. In modern times the Inner Hebrides have formed part of two separate local government jurisdictions, one to the north and the other to the south. Together, the islands have an area of about 4,130 km², and had a population of 18,948 people in 2011. The population density is therefore a little over 4.5 persons per km².\nThere are various important prehistoric structures, many of which pre-date the first written references to the islands by Roman and Greek authors. In the historic period the earliest known settlers were Picts to the north and Gaels in the southern kingdom of Dál Riada prior to the islands becoming part of the Suðreyjar kingdom of the Norse, who ruled for over 400 years until sovereignty was transferred to Scotland by the Treaty of Perth in 1266. Control of the islands was then held by various clan chiefs, principal of whom were the MacLeans, MacLeods and MacDonalds. The Highland Clearances of the 19th century had a devastating effect on many communities and it is only in recent years that population levels have ceased to decline.
/m/02lq67	A bronze medal in sports and other similar areas involving competition is a medal made of bronze awarded to the third place finisher of contests or competitions such as the Olympic Games, Commonwealth Games, etc. The outright winner receives a gold medal and the second place a silver medal. More generally, bronze is traditionally the most common metal used for all types of high-quality medals, including artistic ones. The practice of awarding bronze third place medals began at the 1904 Olympic Games in St. Louis, Missouri, prior to which only first and second places were awarded.
/m/023nlj	Eric Anthony Roberts is an American actor. His career began with King of the Gypsies, earning a Golden Globe nomination for best actor debut. He earned both a Golden Globe and Academy Award nomination for his supporting role in Runaway Train. Through the 1990s and 2000s he maintained dramatic film and TV-movie roles while appearing in TV series. His TV work includes three seasons with the sitcom Less than Perfect and a recurring role on the NBC drama Heroes. His sisters Julia Roberts and Lisa Roberts Gillan, and daughter Emma Roberts, also have acting careers.
/m/07wkd	The University of New Brunswick is a non-denominational university located in New Brunswick. It is the oldest English language university in Canada and one of four schools that claim the title of oldest public university in North America. UNB was founded by a group of seven Loyalists who left the United States after the American Revolution.\nUNB has two main campuses: the original campus, founded in 1785 in Fredericton, and a smaller campus which opened in Saint John in 1964. In addition, there are two small satellite health sciences campuses located in Moncton and Bathurst, New Brunswick, and two offices in the Caribbean and in Beijing. UNB offers over 75 degrees in fourteen faculties at the undergraduate and graduate levels with a total student enrollment of approximately 11,400 between the two principal campuses. In the fall of 2010, UNB partnered with Dalhousie University and the government of New Brunswick to open the first English-language medical school in the province at the Saint John campus.
/m/0ckm4x	Colleen Smith Clinkenbeard is an American voice actress, line producer, ADR director, and script writer at Funimation who provides the voices for a number of English versions of Japanese anime series, and video games.
/m/0c_zx	Turku is a city on the southwest coast of Finland at the mouth of the Aura River, in the region of Finland Proper. Turku, as a town, was settled during the 13th century and founded most likely at the end of the 13th century, making it the oldest city in Finland. It quickly became the most important city in Finland, a status it retained for hundreds of years. After Finland became part of the Russian Empire, and the capital of the Grand Duchy of Finland was moved to Helsinki, Turku continued to be the most populous city in Finland, until the end of the 1840s. Today it remains a regional capital and an important business and cultural center.\nBecause of its long history it has been the site of many important events and has extensively influenced Finnish history. Along with Tallinn, the capital city of Estonia, Turku was designated the European Capital of Culture for 2011. In 1996 it was declared the official Christmas City of Finland.\nDue to its location, Turku is a notable commercial and passenger seaport with over three million passengers travelling through the Port of Turku each year to Stockholm and Mariehamn.\nAs of 31 January 2014, Turku’s population was 182,281, making it the sixth largest city in Finland. As of 31 August 2008 there were 303,492 inhabitants living in the Turku sub-region, ranking it as the third largest urban area in Finland after the Greater Helsinki area and Tampere sub-region. The city is officially bilingual as 5.2 percent of its population identify Swedish as a mother-tongue.
/m/0mlw1	Whatcom County is a county located in the State of Washington. As of the 2010 census, the population was 201,140. The county seat and largest city is Bellingham.\nWhatcom County was created out of Island County by the Washington Territorial Legislature on March 9, 1854, and originally included present day San Juan and Skagit Counties. Its name ultimately derives from the Lummi word Xwotʼqom, meaning \"noisy water.\"\nWhatcom County's northern border is the international boundary with the Canadian province of British Columbia; adjoining the county on the north are four of metropolitan Vancouver's suburbs, Delta, White Rock, Surrey, Langley, and, in the central Fraser Valley, Abbotsford, with several shopping malls and other services in Bellingham and elsewhere in the county geared to cross-border shopping and recreation. The five crossing points are two at Blaine, as well as at Lynden, Sumas, and Point Roberts.\nWhatcom County comprises the Bellingham, WA Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/02gsvk	The Indian rupee is the official currency of the Republic of India. The issuance of the currency is controlled by the Reserve Bank of India.\nThe modern rupee is subdivided into 100 paise, though as of 2011 only 50-paise coins are legal tender. Banknotes in circulation come in denominations of ₹5, ₹10, ₹20, ₹50, ₹100, ₹500 and ₹1000. Rupee coins are available in denominations of ₹1, ₹2, ₹5, ₹10, ₹20, ₹50, ₹75, ₹100, ₹150 and ₹1000; the coins for ₹20 and above are for commemorative purposes only; the only other rupee coin has a nominal value of 50 paise, since lower denominations have been officially withdrawn.\nThe Indian rupee symbol '₹' is derived from the Devanagari consonant \"र\" and the Latin letter \"R\". The first series of coins with the rupee symbol was launched on 8 July 2011.\nThe Reserve Bank manages currency in India and derives its role in currency management on the basis of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934. Recently RBI launched a website Paisa-Bolta-Hai to raise awareness of counterfeit currency among users of the INR.
/m/08vxk5	Jyothika is an Indian actress who predominantly appeared in Tamil films. She also acted in a few Kannada, Malayalam, Telugu and Hindi films. She gained critical acclaim for her performances in Kushi, Perazhagan, Chandramukhi and Mozhi, winning one Filmfare and three Tamil Nadu State Film Awards. She is also a recipient of the Kalaimamani award. Jyothika married co-actor Suriya in September 2006 after being engaged in a relationship for several years. Since then, she has become inactive in the film industry.
/m/06cp5	Rapcore is a subgenre of rap rock fusing vocal and instrumental elements of hip hop with punk rock and hardcore punk.
/m/0d7m90	ECW on TNN was an American professional wrestling television program that aired on The Nashville Network. Created by Paul Heyman, the owner of Extreme Championship Wrestling, it presented original ECW matches on Friday nights and was the only national television program in ECW's history. It debuted on August 27, 1999 - five years to the date that Shane Douglas threw down the NWA World Heavyweight Championship and rechristened ECW as Extreme Championship Wrestling. The final episode aired on October 6, 2000.
/m/0210f1	Constance Elaine Trimmer Willis is an American science fiction writer. She has won eleven Hugo Awards and seven Nebula Awards for particular works —more \"major awards\" than any other writer— most recently the year's \"Best Novel\" Hugo and Nebula Awards for Blackout/All Clear. She was inducted by the Science Fiction Hall of Fame in 2009 and the Science Fiction Writers of America named her its 28th SFWA Grand Master in 2011.\nSeveral of her works feature time travel by history students at a faculty of the future University of Oxford—sometimes called the Time Travel series. They are the short story \"Fire Watch\", the novels Doomsday Book and To Say Nothing of the Dog, as well as the two-part novel Blackout/All Clear. All four won the annual Hugo Award and all but To Say Nothing of the Dog won both the Hugo and Nebula Awards.
/m/0674hk	Toei Company, Ltd. is a Japanese film, television production, and distribution corporation. Based in Tokyo, Toei owns and operates thirty-four movie theaters across Japan, studios at Tokyo and Kyoto; and is a shareholder in several television companies. It is notable for anime, live action dramas known as tokusatsu which use special visual effects, and historical dramas.\nThe name \"Toei\" is derived from the company's former name \"Tōkyō Eiga Haikyū\".
/m/02g9z1	Shohreh Aghdashloo is an Iranian American actress.\nAfter establishing a theatre and film career in Iran, Aghdashloo moved to England during the Iranian Revolution in 1979, and subsequently became a citizen of the United States. After several years playing supporting roles in television and film, her performance in House of Sand and Fog brought her several film critics' awards and a nomination for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress. She has continued to play supporting and character roles in film and television and won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Miniseries or Movie for her work in the HBO original miniseries House of Saddam.
/m/07tgn	The University of Oxford is a collegiate research university located in Oxford, England, United Kingdom.\nWhile Oxford has no known date of foundation, there is evidence of teaching as far back as 1096, making it the oldest university in the English-speaking world, and the world's second-oldest surviving university. It grew rapidly from 1167 when Henry II banned English students from attending the University of Paris. After disputes between students and Oxford townsfolk in 1209, some academics fled northeast to Cambridge, where they established what became the University of Cambridge. The two \"ancient universities\" are frequently jointly referred to as \"Oxbridge\".\nThe University is made up from a variety of institutions, including 38 constituent colleges and a full range of academic departments which are organised into four Divisions. Most undergraduate teaching at Oxford is organised around weekly tutorials at the self-governing colleges and halls, supported by classes, lectures and laboratory work provided by university faculties and departments. Oxford has nurtured many prominent alumni and 58 Nobel laureates have been affiliated with the university. It regularly contends with Cambridge for the first place in the UK league tables.
/m/073hkx	PFC Lokomotiv Sofia is a Bulgarian football club from the capital city of Sofia, which currently competes in Bulgaria's top football league, the A PFG. It was founded on September 2, 1929 by a group of railway workers under the name Railway Sports Club. The club's home ground is the Lokomotiv Stadium in Sofia, which has a capacity of 22,000 spectators. To date, Lokomotiv has won the Bulgarian championship four times and the Bulgarian Cup on four occasions.
/m/03zmc7	The Senegal national football team, nicknamed the Lions of Teranga, is the national team of Senegal and is controlled by the Fédération Sénégalaise de Football. It made its first World Cup in 2002 and caused a huge upset by defeating world and European champions France 1–0 in the tournament's opening game.\nSenegal made the quarterfinals of the 2002 World Cup, one of only three African teams to do so. In the group, after defeating France, they drew with Denmark and Uruguay, and beat Sweden in extra time in Round 2, before losing to Turkey in the quarter-finals.\nSenegal disappointed its fans in 2006 when they failed to qualify for the 2006 FIFA World Cup. In the qualifiers, Senegal finished second in their group after losing 3–1 to the winners of the group, Togo.\nSenegal's first appearance in the African Nations Cup was in 1965, when Senegal, after finishing second in their group, lost 1–0 to the Ivory Coast to finish in 4th place. In the 1990 African Nations Cup, Senegal once again finished 4th. Senegal hosted the African Nations Cup in 1992, in which, after qualifying for the quarter finals by finishing second in their group, Senegal lost 1–0 to Cameroon in the quarter finals. Senegal's best finish in the African Nations Cup came in 2002, when they lost the final on penalties after drawing 0–0 with Cameroon.
/m/0c_zj	Downing College is a constituent college of the University of Cambridge, and currently has around 650 students. Founded in 1800, it was the only college to be added to Cambridge University between 1596 and 1869, and is often described as the oldest of the new colleges and the newest of the old.\nThe current Master of the college is Geoffrey Grimmett, Professor of Mathematical Statistics at the University.
/m/02pzc4	Roy Owen Haynes is an American jazz drummer and bandleader. Haynes is among the most recorded drummers in jazz, and in a career lasting more than 60 years has played in a wide range of styles ranging from swing and bebop to jazz fusion and avant-garde jazz. He has a highly expressive, personal style and is known to foster a deep engagement in his bandmates.\nHe has also led his own groups, some performing under the name Hip Ensemble. His most recent recordings as a leader are Fountain of Youth and Whereas, both of which have been nominated for a Grammy Award. He continues to perform worldwide.\nHis son Graham Haynes is a cornetist; his son Craig Haynes and grandson Marcus Gilmore are both drummers.
/m/036hf4	Ryan Rodney Reynolds is a Canadian film and television actor. Reynolds is known for playing Michael Bergen on the ABC sitcom Two Guys and a Girl, Billy Simpson in the YTV Canadian teen soap opera Hillside, as well as Marvel Comics characters Hannibal King in Blade: Trinity and Wade Wilson/Deadpool in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. He has starred in films such as Serving in Silence: The Margarethe Cammermeyer Story, National Lampoon's Van Wilder, Finder's Fee, Just Friends, Definitely, Maybe, The Proposal, The Amityville Horror, The Change-Up, Smokin' Aces, Adventureland, Buried, and Safe House.\nHe also portrayed the DC Comics superhero Hal Jordan/Green Lantern in Green Lantern and made cameos in two well known films Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle and Ted.
/m/01mxt_	Steven Siro Vai is an American guitarist, songwriter and producer who has sold over 15 million albums. After starting his career as a music transcriptionist for Frank Zappa, Vai recorded and toured in Zappa's band for two years, from 1980 to 1982. He began a solo career in 1983, has released eight solo albums and won three Grammy Awards. He has also recorded and toured with Public Image Ltd., Alcatrazz, David Lee Roth and Whitesnake. Vai has been a regular touring member of the G3 Concert Tour which began in 1995. In 1999 Vai started his own record label Favored Nations, intending to showcase as he describes, \"...artists that have attained the highest performance level on their chosen instruments.\"
/m/01pp3p	John Ford was an Irish-American film director. He was famous for both his Westerns such as Stagecoach, The Searchers, and The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance, and adaptations of such classic 20th-century American novels as The Grapes of Wrath. His four Academy Awards for Best Director are a record, and one of those films, How Green Was My Valley, also won Best Picture.\nIn a career that spanned more than 50 years, Ford directed more than 140 films and he is widely regarded as one of the most important and influential filmmakers of his generation. Ford's films and personality were held in high regard by his colleagues, with Orson Welles and Ingmar Bergman among those who have named him as one of the greatest directors of all time.\nIn particular, Ford was a pioneer of location shooting and the long shot which frames his characters against a vast, harsh and rugged natural terrain.
/m/02mv_h	Dover Athletic Football Club is an association football team based in the town of Dover, Kent, England. The club was formed in 1983 after the dissolution of the town's previous club, Dover, whose place in the Southern League was taken by the new club. In the 1989–90 season Dover Athletic won the Southern League championship, but failed to gain promotion to the Football Conference as the club's ground did not meet the required standard. Three seasons later the team won this title again and this time gained promotion to the Conference, where they spent nine seasons before being relegated. In April 2008 the club won the Isthmian League Division One South championship and with it promotion to the Isthmian League Premier Division. The following season Dover won the championship of this division and gained promotion to Conference South.\nThe team usually wear white shirts and are consequently nicknamed the Whites. They have played at the Crabble Athletic Ground since the club's formation. The club's best performance in the FA Cup was an appearance in the third round proper in the 2010–11 season, while the best performance registered in the FA Trophy, the national competition for higher-level non-league clubs, was a run to the semi-finals in the 1997–98 season.
/m/01cmp9	Chicago is a 2002 musical film adapted from the satirical stage musical of the same name, exploring the themes of celebrity, scandal, and corruption in Jazz Age Chicago. The film stars Renée Zellweger, Richard Gere, and Catherine Zeta-Jones also featuring Queen Latifah, John C. Reilly, Christine Baranski, Taye Diggs, Colm Feore, and Mýa Harrison.\nDirected and choreographed by Rob Marshall, and adapted by screenwriter Bill Condon, Chicago won six Academy Awards in 2003, including Best Picture. The film was critically lauded, and was the first musical to win Best Picture since Oliver! in 1969.\nChicago centers on Roxie Hart and Velma Kelly, two murderesses who find themselves in jail together awaiting trial in 1920s Chicago. Velma, a vaudevillian, and Roxie, a housewife, fight for the fame that will keep them from the gallows.
/m/0fqnzts	The AACTA Award for Best Guest or Supporting Actress in a Television Drama is an accolade given by the Australian Academy of Cinema and Television Arts, a non-profit organisation whose aim is to \"to identify, award, promote and celebrate Australia's greatest achievements in film and television.\" The award is handed out at the annual AACTA Awards, which rewards achievements in feature film, television, documentaries and short films. From 2000–2010, the category was presented by the Australian Film Institute, the Academy's parent organisation, at the annual Australian Film Institute Awards. When the AFI launched the Academy in 2011, it changed the annual ceremony to the AACTA Awards, with the current prize being a continuum of the AFI Award for Best Guest or Supporting Actress in a Television Drama.\nThe award was first presented in 2000 as Best Performance by an Actress in a Guest Role in a Television Drama Series until 2002, when the title was changed to Best Guest or Supporting Actress in a Television Drama. In the following year, the title was changed to Best Actress in a Supporting or Guest Role in a Television Drama or Comedy. By 2006, a separate comedy accolade was established, and the name changed to the current one.
/m/06k5_	Rajasthan, known as \"the land of kings\", is the largest state of the Republic of India by area. It is located in the west of India. It comprises most of the area of the large, inhospitable Thar Desert, also known as the Great Indian Desert, which parallels the Sutlej-Indus river valley along its border with Pakistan to the west. Rajasthan is also bordered by Gujarat to the southwest, Madhya Pradesh to the southeast, Uttar Pradesh and Haryana to the northeast and Punjab to the north. Rajasthan covers 10.4% of India, an area of 342,239 square kilometres.\nJaipur is the capital and the largest city of the state. Geographical features include the Thar Desert along north-western Rajasthan and the termination of the Ghaggar River near the archaeological ruins at Kalibanga of the Indus Valley Civilization, which are the oldest in the Indian subcontinent discovered so far.\nOne of the world's oldest mountain ranges, the Aravalli Range, cradles the only hill station of Rajasthan, Mount Abu, famous for Dilwara Temples, a sacred pilgrimage for Jains. Eastern Rajasthan has the world famous Keoladeo National Park near Bharatpur, a World Heritage Site known for its bird life. It also has two national tiger reserves, Sariska Tiger Reserve in Alwar and Ranthambore.
/m/067mj	Phish is an American rock band noted for their musical improvisation, extended jams, blending of musical genres, and a dedicated fan base. Formed at the University of Vermont in 1983, the band's four members—Trey Anastasio, Mike Gordon, Jon Fishman, and Page McConnell —performed together for over 20 years before breaking up in August 2004. They reunited March 2009 for Phish in Hampton, a series of three consecutive concerts played in the Hampton Coliseum in Hampton, Virginia, and have since resumed performing regularly.\nPhish's music blends elements of a wide variety of genres, including rock, jazz, progressive rock, psychedelic rock, hard rock, funk, folk, bluegrass, and blues. Due to the band's improvisational style, their concerts are original in terms of the order and selection of songs and the way they are performed.\nAlthough the band has received little radio play or mainstream exposure, Phish has developed a large and dedicated following by word of mouth, the exchange of live recordings, and selling over 8 million albums and DVDs in the United States. Rolling Stone stated that the band helped to \"...spawn a new wave of bands oriented around group improvisation and superextended grooves\". They remain a very popular and successful touring act.
/m/02yy9r	Dirty Pretty Things is a 2002 British thriller film directed by Stephen Frears and written by Steven Knight, a drama about two illegal immigrants in London. It was produced by BBC Films and Celador Films.
/m/05g_nr	The 2005 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament involved 65 schools playing in single-elimination play to determine the national champion of men's NCAA Division I college basketball. It began on March 15, 2005, and ended with the championship game on April 4 at the Edward Jones Dome in St. Louis.\nThe Final Four consisted of Illinois, the overall top seed and in the Final Four for the first time since 1989, Louisville, making their first appearance since winning the national championship in 1986, North Carolina, reaching their first Final Four since their 2000 Cinderella run, and Michigan State, back in the Final Four for the first time since 2001.\nNorth Carolina emerged as the national champions for a fourth time, defeating Illinois in the final 75-70. North Carolina's Sean May was named the tournament's Most Outstanding Player. Coach Roy Williams won his first national championship.\nFor the first time since 1999, when Weber State defeated North Carolina, a #14 seed defeated a #3 seed when Bucknell upset Kansas. A #13 seed, Vermont, advanced by defeated Syracuse in the first round and a #12 seed, Wisconsin-Milwaukee, advanced to the Sweet Sixteen in the Chicago region.
/m/021vlg	Goregrind is a musical sub-genre of grindcore and death metal.
/m/02rcdc2	The Diving Bell and the Butterfly is a 2007 biographical drama film based on Jean-Dominique Bauby's memoir of the same name. The film depicts Bauby's life after suffering a massive stroke, on 8 December 1995, at the age of 43, which left him with a condition known as locked-in syndrome. The condition paralyzed him from the neck down. Although both eyes worked, doctors decided to sew up his right eye as it was not irrigating properly and they were worried that it would become infected. He was left with only his left eye and the only way that he could communicate was by blinking his left eyelid.\nThe film was directed by Julian Schnabel, written by Ronald Harwood, and stars Mathieu Amalric as Bauby. It won awards at the Cannes Film Festival, the Golden Globes, the BAFTAs and the César Awards as well as four Academy Award nominations.
/m/0d739	Amherst is a town in Hampshire County, Massachusetts, United States in the Connecticut River valley. As of the 2010 census, the population was 37,819, making it the largest community in Hampshire County. The town is home to Amherst College, Hampshire College, and the University of Massachusetts Amherst, three of the Five Colleges. Amherst consistently ranks as one of the most progressively liberal regions of the United States, due in large part to five colleges within the area. The Amherst-Northampton region is known as the Happy Valley due to the art and music communities, progressive ideas, prestigious colleges, and large student population. Unlike some other towns of the same name, the name of the town is pronounced without the h, giving rise to the local saying, \"only the 'h' is silent\", in reference both to the pronunciation and to the town's politically active populace.\nThe communities of Amherst Center, North Amherst, and South Amherst are census-designated places.\nAmherst is part of the Springfield, Massachusetts Metropolitan Statistical Area. Lying 18 mi northeast of the city of Springfield, Amherst is considered the northernmost town in the Hartford-Springfield Knowledge Corridor Metropolitan Region.
/m/02cg41	The 46th Annual Grammy Awards were held on the February 8, 2004 at Staples Center, Los Angeles. They recognized accomplishments by musicians from the previous year. The big winners were Outkast, who won three awards including Album of the Year & Beyoncé Knowles, who won 5 Awards. Tied for the most nominations, with six each, were Knowles, Outkast, and Jay-Z.
/m/05s_c38	Christopher Grant \"Chris\" Wood is a New Zealand footballer who plays as a striker for Leicester City. Wood has been capped 33 times for the New Zealand national team.
/m/0bt7w	Britpop is a subgenre of alternative rock that originated in the United Kingdom. Britpop emerged from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterised by bands influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s. The movement developed as a reaction against various musical and cultural trends in the late 1980s and early 1990s, particularly the grunge phenomenon from the United States. In the wake of the musical invasion into the United Kingdom of American grunge bands, new British groups such as Suede and Blur launched the movement by positioning themselves as opposing musical forces, referencing British guitar music of the past and writing about uniquely British topics and concerns. These bands were soon joined by others including Oasis, The Verve, Pulp, Supergrass, Sleeper and Elastica.\nBritpop groups brought British alternative rock into the mainstream and formed the backbone of a larger British cultural movement called Cool Britannia. Although its more popular bands were able to spread their commercial success overseas, especially to the United States, the movement largely fell apart by the end of the decade.
/m/013gz	Alexandria is a city in and the parish seat of Rapides Parish, Louisiana, United States. It lies on the south bank of the Red River in almost the exact geographic center of the state. It is the principal city of the Alexandria metropolitan area which encompasses all of Rapides and Grant parishes. Its neighboring city is Pineville. In 2010, the population was 47,723, an increase of 3 percent from the 2000 census.
/m/067z2v	Old gold is a dark yellow, which varies from light olive or olive brown to deep or strong yellow. The widely accepted color \"Old gold\" is on the darker side of this range.\nThe first recorded use of old gold as a color name in English was in the early 19th century.
/m/01f53	The Liberal Democrats are a socially liberal political party in the United Kingdom, supporting constitutional and electoral reform, progressive taxation, environmentalism, human rights laws, banking reform and civil liberties. The party was formed in 1988 by a merger of the Liberal Party and the Social Democratic Party. The two parties had formed the electoral SDP–Liberal Alliance for seven years prior. The Liberals had been in existence for 129 years and in power under leaders such as Gladstone, Asquith and Lloyd George. During these times in government, the Liberals are credited with the Liberal Reforms, which saw the creation of the welfare state. In the 1920s, the Labour Party replaced the Liberals as the largest opponent of the Conservative Party.\nNick Clegg was elected Leader in 2007. At the 2010 general election, the Liberal Democrats won 57 seats with 23% of the vote, making them the third-largest party in the House of Commons behind the Conservatives with 307 and Labour with 258. No party having an overall majority, the Liberal Democrats joined a coalition government with the Conservatives, with Clegg becoming Deputy Prime Minister and other Liberal Democrats taking up ministerial positions.
/m/02662b	The Nebula Awards are given each year by the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America for the best science fiction or fantasy fiction published in the United States during the previous year. The award has been described as one of \"the most important of the American science fiction awards\" and \"the science-fiction and fantasy equivalent\" of the Emmy Awards. The Nebula Award for Best Novelette is given each year for science fiction or fantasy novelettes published in English or translated into English and released in the United States or on the internet during the previous calendar year. A work of fiction is defined by the organization as a novelette if it is between 7,500 and 17,500 words; awards are also given out for pieces of longer lengths in the novel and novella categories, and for shorter lengths in the short story category. The Nebula Award for Best Novelette has been awarded annually since 1966.\nNebula Award nominees and winners are chosen by members of the SFWA, though the authors of the nominees do not need to be members. Works are nominated each year between November 15 and February 15 by published authors who are members of the organization, and the six works that receive the most nominations then form the final ballot, with additional nominees possible in the case of ties. Members may then vote on the ballot throughout March, and the final results are presented at the Nebula Awards ceremony in May. Authors are not permitted to nominate their own works, and ties in the final vote are broken, if possible, by the number of nominations the works received. The rules were changed to their current format in 2009. Previously, the eligibility period for nominations was defined as one year after the publication date of the work, which allowed the possibility for works to be nominated in the calendar year after their publication and then be awarded in the calendar year after that. Works were added to a preliminary list for the year if they had ten or more nominations, which were then voted on to create a final ballot, to which the SFWA organizing panel was also allowed to add an additional work.
/m/06q7n	A soap opera, or simply a soap, is a serial drama, on television or radio, that features related story lines dealing with the lives of multiple characters. The stories in these series typically focus heavily on emotional relationships to the point of melodrama. The name soap opera stems from the fact that many of the sponsors and producers of the original dramatic serials' broadcast on radio were soap manufacturers, such as Dial Corporation, Procter & Gamble, Colgate-Palmolive and Lever Brothers.
/m/04x4gw	Greystoke: The Legend of Tarzan, Lord of the Apes is a 1984 British film directed by Hugh Hudson and based on Edgar Rice Burroughs' novel Tarzan of the Apes. Christopher Lambert stars as Tarzan and Andie MacDowell as Jane; the cast also includes Sir Ralph Richardson, Ian Holm, James Fox, Cheryl Campbell, and Ian Charleson.\nThe film received Academy Award nominations for \"Best Supporting Actor\", \"Best Adapted Screenplay\" and \"Best Makeup\".
/m/02g982	West Norwood Cemetery is a 40-acre cemetery in West Norwood in London, England. It was also known as the South Metropolitan Cemetery. One of the first private landscaped cemeteries in London, it is one of the Magnificent Seven cemeteries of London, and is a site of major historical, architectural and ecological interest.\nIts grounds are a mixture of historic monumental cemetery and modern lawn cemetery, but it also has catacombs, cremation plots and a columbarium for cinery ashes. The cemetery's crematorium still operates, and cremation plots are still available, but all the conventional burial plots have been allocated and hence it is closed to new burials pending further agreement under current burial legislation.
/m/07tg4	The University of Cambridge is a collegiate research university in Cambridge, England.\nOriginally founded in 1209, it is the second-oldest university in English-speaking areas, and the world's third-oldest surviving university. The university grew out of an association of scholars that was formed in 1209, early records suggest, by scholars leaving Oxford after a dispute with townsfolk. The two \"ancient universities\" have many common features and are often jointly referred to as Oxbridge.\nToday, Cambridge is formed from a variety of institutions that include 31 constituent colleges and comprehensive academic departments which are organised into six Schools. All these organisations occupy different locations in the town including purposely-built sites and the student life is found in the arts, sport clubs and societies. It has nurtured many notable alumni, and 90 Nobel laureates have been affiliated with the University. Cambridge is also a member of various academic associations and forms part of the \"golden triangle\" of English universities. It is regularly placed among the world's best universities in different league tables.
/m/01dz7z	First Lady is an unofficial title used for the wife of a head of state, most notably the wife of the President of the United States. Collectively, the president and spouse are known as the First Couple. If they have a family, they are usually referred to as the First Family.\nThe term is sometimes used, particularly in the U.S., to refer to the spouse of other heads of state, even if they do not have that style in their own country. Some other countries have a title, formal or informal, that is or can be translated as first lady. The title is not normally used for the wife of a prime minister or other head of government who is not also head of state.
/m/01f_3w	Jive Records was an American record label under the RCA Music Group formed in 1981 by Zomba Records. Formerly headquartered in New York City, known for a string of successes with hip hop artists in the 1980s, and also in teen pop and boy bands during the late 1990s/early 2000s.\nJive Records operated as an independently managed label until 2002, when Bertelsmann Music Group acquired the remainder of its parent company Zomba for US $2.74 billion, which at the time was the largest-ever acquisition of an independent label with major-label distribution. Jive's best-selling artists worldwide were the Backstreet Boys and Britney Spears.
/m/0ftf0f	The Florida Gators football team represents the University of Florida in the sport of American football. The Florida Gators compete in the Football Bowl Subdivision of the National Collegiate Athletics Association and the Eastern Division of the Southeastern Conference. They play their home games in Ben Hill Griffin Stadium on the university's Gainesville, Florida campus, and are currently led by head coach Will Muschamp. The Gators have won three national championships and eight SEC titles in the 106-season history of their varsity football program.
/m/04x4gj	The Twilight Zone is the first of two revivals of Rod Serling's acclaimed 1950/60s television series of the same name. It ran for two seasons on CBS before producing a final season for syndication.
/m/0fsm8c	Paul Franklin Dano is an American actor and producer. He has appeared in films such as L.I.E., The Girl Next Door, Little Miss Sunshine, There Will Be Blood, Gigantic, Meek's Cutoff, Cowboys & Aliens, Looper, Being Flynn, Ruby Sparks, Prisoners, and 12 Years a Slave.
/m/05683p	James \"Jamie\" Thomas Denton, Jr. is an American film and television actor, best known for playing Mike Delfino in the television series Desperate Housewives.
/m/01jlsn	In the United Kingdom Independent schools are fee-paying private schools, governed by an elected board of directors and independent of many of the regulations and conditions that apply to state funded schools. Some of older, more expensive and more exclusive schools catering for the 13–18 age-range in England and Wales are known as Public schools, the term \"public\" being derived from the fact that they were open to pupils regardless of where they lived or their religion. Prep schools, educate younger children up to the age of 13 to \"prepare\" them for entry to the public schools and other independent schools. Some former grammar schools converted to an independent fee paying model following the 1965 Circular 10/65 which marked the end of their state funding, others converted into comprehensive schools.\nThere are around 2,500 independent schools in the UK, which educate around 615,000 children, being some 7 percent of all British children and 18 percent of pupils over the age of 16. In addition to charging tuition fees, many also benefit from gifts, charitable endowments and charitable status. Many of these schools are members of the Independent Schools Council.
/m/01s73z	Comcast Corporation is the largest mass media and communications company in the world by revenue. It is the largest cable company and home Internet service provider in the United States, and the nation's third largest home telephone service provider. Comcast services residential and commercial customers in 40 US states and the District of Columbia. The company is headquartered in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.\nAs the owner of the international media company NBCUniversal since 2011, Comcast is also a producer of film and television contents, operates cable channels, national channels, the major film studio Universal Pictures, and Universal Parks & Resorts. Comcast also has significant holding in digital distribution. In February 2014 the company agreed to merge with Time Warner Cable in an equity swap deal worth $45.2 billion. Under the terms of the agreement Comcast is to acquire 100% of Time Warner Cable.\nComcast has been the subject of criticism for activities including its stance on net neutrality, as well as poor results on customer satisfaction surveys.
/m/02633g	Martin Fitzgerald Lawrence is an actor, film director, film producer, screenwriter, and comedian. He came to fame during the 1990s, establishing a Hollywood career as a leading actor, most notably in the films House Party, Bad Boys, Blue Streak, Big Momma's House and A Thin Line Between Love & Hate. Lawrence has had numerous film roles and his own highly-rated television series eponymously named after him, Martin, which aired on the Fox network from 1992 to 1997.
/m/0h27vc	Jack McBrayer is an American comedic actor who gained national exposure for his characters on Late Night with Conan O'Brien. He is known for portraying Kenneth Parcell on the television series 30 Rock, a role for which he received an Emmy nomination in 2009 at the 61st Primetime Emmy Awards. He currently stars as the title character, Wander, in the Disney Channel original series Wander Over Yonder and is also the voice of Fix-It-Felix Jr. in the film Wreck-It Ralph.
/m/012201	Giovanni \"Nino\" Rota was an Italian composer, pianist, conductor and academic who is best known for his film scores, notably for the films of Federico Fellini and Luchino Visconti. He also composed the music for two of Franco Zeffirelli's Shakespeare films, and for the first two films of Francis Ford Coppola's Godfather trilogy, receiving the Academy Award for Best Original Score for The Godfather Part II.\nDuring his long career Rota was an extraordinarily prolific composer, especially of music for the cinema. He wrote more than 150 scores for Italian and international productions from the 1930s until his death in 1979—an average of three scores each year over a 46-year period, and in his most productive period from the late 1940s to the mid-1950s he wrote as many as ten scores every year, and sometimes more, with a remarkable thirteen film scores to his credit in 1954. Alongside this great body of film work, he composed ten operas, five ballets and dozens of other orchestral, choral and chamber works, the best known being his string concerto. He also composed the music for many theatre productions by Visconti, Zeffirelli and Eduardo De Filippo as well as maintaining a long teaching career at the Liceo Musicale in Bari, Italy, where he was the director for almost 30 years.
/m/01v5h	Cecil B. DeMille was a film director, film producer, film editor, screenwriter, and actor.
/m/04knh6	Club Universitario de Deportes, also popularly known as Universitario and La \"U\", is a Peruvian football club located in Lima. It is the most successful football club in Peru. The club was founded in 1924 under the name Federación Universitaria by students of the National University of San Marcos but was forced to rename in 1931. Since 1928, the club competes in the top tier of Peruvian football, the Torneo Descentralizado. In 2000, they opened the 80,000-capacity stadium Estadio Monumental, currently the largest stadium in Peru, retiring their smaller Estadio Teodoro Lolo Fernandez. Universitario and Alianza Lima are involved in the derby el Clásico, which has its roots in the club's first participation in the Primera División in 1928. It also has rivalries with Sporting Cristal, Deportivo Municipal, and Sport Boys.\nUniversitario has won twenty-six first division titles, more than any other club in Peru, and was the first Peruvian club to reach the final of the Copa Libertadores. The club won its first Peruvian title in 1929, one year after its debut in the first division. The club won its first double in the seasons of 1945 and 1946 and won its only treble after conquering the 2000 season. Universitario is one of the two most popular teams in Peru. Universitario's youth team is U América FC which currently participates in the Copa Perú. According to the International Federation of Football History and Statistics, an international organization recognized by FIFA, Universitario was the best Peruvian club of the 20th century and the 28th most successful in South America.
/m/0vh3	Australian Capital Territory is a territory in the south east of Australia, enclaved within New South Wales. It is the smallest self-governing internal territory in Australia. The only city and by far the most populous community is Canberra, the capital city of Australia.\nThe need for a National Territory was flagged by colonial delegates during the Federation conventions of the late 19th century. Section 125 of the Australian Constitution provided that following Federation in 1901, land would be ceded freely to the new Federal Government. The territory was transferred to the Commonwealth by the state of New South Wales in 1911, two years prior to the naming of Canberra as the National Capital in 1913. The floral emblem of the ACT is the Royal Bluebell and the bird emblem is the Gang-gang Cockatoo.
/m/095x_	Todd Harry Rundgren is an American multi-instrumentalist, songwriter and record producer. Hailed in the early stage of his career as a new pop star, supported by the certified gold solo double LP Something/Anything? in 1972, his career has produced a diverse range of recordings, both as a solo artist and as a member of the band Utopia. He has also been prolific as a producer and engineer on the recorded work of other musicians.\nDuring the 1970s and 1980s, Rundgren engineered and/or produced many notable albums for other acts, including Straight Up by Badfinger, Stage Fright by The Band, We're an American Band by Grand Funk Railroad, Bat Out of Hell by Meat Loaf, New York Dolls by New York Dolls, and Skylarking by XTC. In the 1980s and 1990s his interest in video and computers led to his \"Time Heals\" being the eighth video played on MTV, and \"Change Myself\" was animated by Rundgren on commercially available Amiga computers.\nHis best-known songs include \"Hello It's Me\" and \"I Saw the Light\", which have heavy rotation on classic rock radio stations, and \"Bang the Drum All Day\", which is featured in many sports arenas, commercials, and movie trailers. Although lesser known, \"Couldn't I Just Tell You\" has had a major influence on artists in the power pop musical genre.
/m/013dy7	Midland is a city in the U.S. state of Michigan in the Tri-Cities region of the state. It is the county seat of Midland County. The city's population was 41,863 as of the 2010 census. It is the principal city of the Midland Micropolitan Statistical Area. In 2010, the city was also named #4 Best Small City to raise a family in by Forbes Magazine.
/m/081wh1	Guns N' Roses is an American hard rock band that formed in Los Angeles, California, in 1985. The classic lineup as signed to Geffen Records in 1986 consisted of vocalist Axl Rose, lead guitarist Slash, rhythm guitarist Izzy Stradlin, bassist Duff McKagan, and drummer Steven Adler. Today, Axl Rose is the only remaining original member, in a lineup that comprises Use Your Illusion–era keyboardist Dizzy Reed, lead guitarists DJ Ashba and Ron \"Bumblefoot\" Thal, rhythm guitarist Richard Fortus, bassist Tommy Stinson, drummer Frank Ferrer, and keyboardist Chris Pitman. The band has released six studio albums to date, accumulating sales of more than 100 million records worldwide, including shipments of 45 million in the United States, making them one of the world's best-selling bands of all time.\nA year after its release, Guns N' Roses' debut album Appetite for Destruction reached No. 1 on the Billboard 200, on the strength of the hit \"Sweet Child o' Mine\", their only single to reach No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100. The album has sold in excess of 28 million copies worldwide, including 18 million units sold in the United States, making it the best-selling debut album of all time in the U.S. The success of their debut was followed by the eight-song album G N' R Lies. The twin albums Use Your Illusion I and Use Your Illusion II debuted at No. 2 and No. 1 on the Billboard 200 and have sold a combined 35 million copies worldwide, including 14 million units sold in the United States alone. The cover album \"The Spaghetti Incident?\" was the band's last studio album to feature Slash and McKagan. After more than a decade of work and many lineup changes, Guns N' Roses released the long-awaited album Chinese Democracy which, at an estimated $14 million in production costs, made it the most expensive album to ever be produced in music history. It debuted at No. 3 on the Billboard 200 but underwhelmed industry expectations, despite mostly positive critical reception.
/m/02975m	CBS Radio, Inc., formerly known as Infinity Broadcasting Corporation, is one of the largest owners and operators of radio stations in the United States, third behind main rival Clear Channel Communications and Cumulus Media. CBS Radio owns around 130 radio stations across the country. It is currently part of CBS Corporation, which also owns the CBS radio and television networks, and jointly owns the CW Television Network.
/m/01_gx_	The Yorkshire Terrier is a small dog breed of terrier type, developed in the 19th century in the county of Yorkshire, England, to catch rats in clothing mills, also used for rat-baiting. The defining features of the breed are its maximum size of 7 pounds and its gray, black, and tan coat. The breed is nicknamed Yorkie and is placed in the Toy Terrier section of the Terrier Group by the Fédération Cynologique Internationale and in the Toy Group or Companion Group by other kennel clubs, although all agree that the breed is a terrier. A popular companion dog, the Yorkshire Terrier has also been part of the development of other breeds, such as the Australian Silky Terrier.
/m/0l2v0	San Luis Obispo County is a county located along the Pacific Ocean in the Central Coast of the U.S. state of California, between Los Angeles and the San Francisco Bay Area. As of the 2010 census its population was 269,637. The county seat is San Luis Obispo, with about 46,000 residents.\nThe county's distance from the large metro areas of San Francisco and Los Angeles has helped it to retain its rural character and reminders of old California abound. Commonly referred to as \"the Central Coast,\" the area is more rural and agricultural than many other coastal regions in California. Father Junipero Serra founded the Mission San Luis Obispo de Tolosa in 1772 and the Mission is today an active part of downtown San Luis Obispo. The small size of the county's communities, scattered along the beaches, coastal hills, and mountains of the Santa Lucia range, provides a wide variety of coastal and inland hill ecologies to support many kinds of fishing, agriculture, and tourist activities.\nThe mainstays of the economy are California Polytechnic State University with its almost 20,000 students, tourism, and agriculture. San Luis Obispo County is the third largest producer of wine in California, surpassed only by Sonoma and Napa Counties. Wine grapes are the second largest agricultural crop in the county, and the wine production they support creates a direct economic impact and a growing wine country vacation industry.
/m/040rmy	Bad Education is a 2004 Spanish drama film written and directed by Pedro Almodóvar. Starring Gael García Bernal, Fele Martínez, Daniel Giménez Cacho and Lluís Homar, the film focuses on two reunited childhood friends and lovers caught up in a stylised murder mystery. Along with metafiction, sexual abuse by Catholic priests, transsexuality and drug use are also important themes and devices in the plot, which led the MPAA to give the film an NC-17 rating.\nThe film was released on 19 March 2004 in Spain and 10 September 2004 in Mexico. It was also screened at many international film festivals such as Cannes, New York, Moscow and Toronto before its US release on November 19, 2004.\nThe film received excellent reviews, and was seen as a return to Almodovar's dark stage, placing it alongside films such as Matador and Law of Desire.
/m/0f1vrl	Haim Saban is an Egyptian-born Israeli-American television and media proprietor. With an estimated net worth of $3.4 billion, he is ranked by Forbes as the 144th richest person in America.
/m/04264n	Keenan Wynn was an American character actor. His expressive face was his stock in trade, and though he rarely carried the lead role, he got prominent billing in most of his film and television parts.
/m/04bpm6	Jon Brion is an American rock and pop multi-instrumentalist, singer, songwriter, composer and record producer.
/m/05hjmd	Jesse Louis Lasky was an American pioneer motion picture producer. He was a key founder of Paramount Pictures with Adolph Zukor, and father of screenwriter Jesse L. Lasky, Jr.
/m/01fy2s	The University of Tartu is a classical university in the city of Tartu, Estonia. University of Tartu is the national university of Estonia; it is the biggest and highest-ranked university in Estonia. The University of Tartu is a member of the Coimbra Group and the Utrecht Network, and was established by King Gustavus Adolphus of Sweden in 1632, thus being one of the oldest universities in Northern Europe.
/m/01q0kg	San Diego State University is a public research university in San Diego, and is the largest and oldest higher education facility in San Diego County. Founded in 1897 as San Diego Normal School, it is the third-oldest university in the 23-member California State University, SDSU has a student body of more than 34,000 and an alumni base of more than 260,000. The university awards 189 types of bachelor's degrees, 91 different master's degrees, 25 types of doctoral degrees including Ed.D, Ed.S, DPT, J.D., Au.D, Ph.D. programs in collaboration with Claremont Graduate University,UC Davis, UC Riverside, UCSD, and UCSB. The university also offers 26 different teaching credentials. SDSU offers more doctoral degrees than any other campus in the California State University system, while also enrolling the largest student body of doctoral students in the entire system. In 2013, SDSU enrolled the most doctoral students in its entire history.\nThe Carnegie Foundation has designated San Diego State University a \"Research University with high research activity,\" placing it among the top 200 higher education institutions in the country conducting research. In the 2009–10 academic year, the university obtained $150 million for research, including $26 million from the National Institutes of Health. The university soon expects to be classified as \"Doctoral/Research-Extensive.\" Notably, pursuant to the Faculty Scholarly Productivity Index released by the Academic Analytics organization of Stony Brook, NY, SDSU is the number one small research university in the United States for four academic years in a row. SDSU sponsors the second highest number of Fulbright Scholars in the state of California, just behind UC Berkeley. Since 2005, the university has produced over 40 Fulbright student scholars.
/m/016m9h	An attorney at law in the United States is a practitioner in a court of law who is legally qualified to prosecute and defend actions in such court on the retainer of clients. Alternative terms include counselor and lawyer. As of April 2011, there were 1,225,452 licensed attorneys in the United States.\nThe United States legal system does not draw a distinction between lawyers who plead in court and those who do not, unlike many other common law jurisdictions, and civil law jurisdictions. An additional factor which differentiates the American legal system from other countries is that there is no delegation of routine work to notaries public.\nAttorneys may be addressed by the post-nominal letters Esq., the abbreviated form of the word Esquire.
/m/0dzst	Duke University is a private research university located in Durham, North Carolina, United States. Founded by Methodists and Quakers in the present-day town of Trinity in 1838, the school moved to Durham in 1892. In 1924, tobacco and electric power industrialist James B. Duke established The Duke Endowment, at which time the institution changed its name to honor his deceased father, Washington Duke.\nDuke ranked 17th in the world in the 2013 Times Higher Education World University Rankings, and 23rd in the world in the 2013 QS World University Rankings. In a study by The New York Times, its graduates were among the most valued in the world by employers. In the US, Duke tied the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and the University of Pennsylvania for 7th place in the 2014 U.S. News & World Report \"Best National Universities Rankings\". Forbes magazine ranked Duke 7th in the world on its list of 'power factories' in 2012. 40 Duke graduates have gone on to win prestigious Rhodes Scholarships to Oxford. 25 Duke graduates have gone on to receive Marshall Scholarships. Duke is also affiliated with 25 Churchill Scholars.\nThe university's athletic teams, known as the Blue Devils, have won 13 team national championships in the Atlantic Coast Conference. The men's basketball team has won four National Championships, while attending 15 Final Fours and 10 Championship games.
/m/01352_	The Brazil national football team represents Brazil in international men's football. Brazil is administered by the Brazilian Football Confederation, the governing body for football in Brazil. They have been a member of the International Federation of Association Football since 1923 and member of the South American Football Confederation since 1916.\nBrazil is the most successful national football team in the history of the FIFA World Cup, with five championships: 1958, 1962, 1970, 1994 and 2002. They are also the most successful team in the FIFA Confederations Cup with four titles. Brazil are the current holders of the FIFA Confederations Cup after winning the 1997, 2005, 2009, and 2013 edition of the tournament. Brazil is the only national team to have played in every World Cup.\nBrazil national football team has the all-time highest average Football Elo Ranking in the world with 2010.8, and the second all-time highest Football Elo Ranking in the world, with 2153 in 1962, just behind the Hungarian Golden Team of 1954. Its achievements have led CONMEBOL to consider it as the most glorious and successful of all national teams from South America and the World. The national team are currently ranked number 1 in the World Football Elo Ratings and 9 in the FIFA World Ranking.
/m/0m8vm	Christian rock is a form of rock music played by individuals and bands whose members are Christians and who often focus the lyrics on matters concerned with the Christian faith. The extent to which their lyrics are explicitly Christian varies between bands. Many bands who perform Christian rock have ties to the contemporary Christian music labels, media outlets, and festivals, while other bands are independent.
/m/03tm68	Cuneo or Coni is a province in the southwest of the Piedmont region of Italy. To the west it borders on the French region of Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur. To the north it borders on the province of Turin. To the east it borders on the province of Asti. To the south it borders on the Ligurian provinces of Savona and Imperia. It is also known as the Provincia Granda, the big province, because it is the third largest province in Italy. This has created problems in the past with Alba's inhabitants, frustrated from the long trip to Cuneo every time they need to have business with the provincial government. The issue of dividing the province into two has been brought up several times. Briga Marittima and Tenda were part of this province before cession to France in 1947.\nIts capital is the city of Cuneo. Of the 250 communes in the province, the largest by population are:
/m/02_nkp	Lamar Joseph Odom is an American professional basketball forward who currently plays for Laboral Kutxa of the Spanish ACB League. He was named NBA Sixth Man of the Year and won two NBA championships as a member of the Los Angeles Lakers. Odom played college basketball for the Rhode Island Rams before being drafted in the first round with the fourth overall pick by the Los Angeles Clippers in the 1999 NBA Draft. He was named to the NBA All-Rookie Team and played four seasons with the Clippers. He signed as a restricted free agent with the Miami Heat, where he played one season before being traded to the Lakers. Odom spent seven seasons with the Lakers, who traded him to Dallas. He was traded back to the Clippers in 2012.
/m/04z_3pm	Mary and Max is a 2009 Australian clay-animated black comedy-drama film written and directed by Adam Elliot and produced by Melanie Coombs. The voice cast included Philip Seymour Hoffman, Toni Collette, Eric Bana, Bethany Whitmore, with narration by Barry Humphries.\nThe film premiered on the opening night of the 2009 Sundance Film Festival. The film won the Annecy Cristal in June 2009 from the Annecy International Animated Film Festival, and Best Animated Feature Film at the Asia Pacific Screen Awards in November 2009. The film was given a PG-13 rating by the Motion Picture Association of America.
/m/01qm4t	The Super Bowl Most Valuable Player Award, or Super Bowl MVP, is presented annually to the most valuable player of the Super Bowl, the National Football League's championship game. The winner is chosen by a fan vote during the game and by a panel of 16 American football writers and broadcasters who vote after the game. The media panel's ballots count for 80 percent of the vote tally, while the viewers' ballots make up the other 20 percent. The game's viewing audience can vote on the Internet or by using cellular phones; Super Bowl XXXV, held in 2001, was the first Super Bowl where fan voting was allowed.\nSince the first Super Bowl was held in 1967, the MVP award has been given to 43 players. From 1967 to 1989, the Super Bowl MVP was presented by SPORT magazine. Bart Starr was the MVP of the first two Super Bowls. Since 1990, the award has been presented by the NFL. At Super Bowl XXV, the league first awarded the Pete Rozelle Trophy, named after the former NFL commissioner, to the Super Bowl MVP. Ottis Anderson was the first to win the trophy. The most recent Super Bowl MVP was Seattle Seahawks linebacker Malcolm Smith, who was named the most valuable player of Super Bowl XLVIII, held on February 2, 2014.
/m/03b0q4	Harry Fleetwood Andrews, CBE was an English film actor, known for his frequent portrayals of tough military officers. His performance as Sergeant Major Wilson in The Hill alongside Sean Connery earned Andrews the 1965 National Board of Review Award for Best Supporting Actor and a nomination for the 1966 BAFTA Award for Best British Actor. He made his film debut in The Red Beret in 1953.\nPrior to his film career, Andrews was an accomplished Shakespearean actor, appearing at such venues as the Queen's Theatre, the Lyceum Theatre, and the Shakespeare Memorial Theatre in England as well as theatres in New York City, Paris, Antwerp and Brussels. Andrews made his London theatre debut in 1935 at the St James's Theatre and his New York debut in 1936 at the since-demolished Empire Theatre.
/m/01njml	Levante Unión Deportiva, S.A.D. is a Spanish football club based in Valencia, in the namesake community.\nFounded on 9 September 1909 it plays in La Liga, holding home games at Estadi Ciutat de València.
/m/02q52q	The Wizard of Oz is a 1939 American musical fantasy film produced by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, and the most well-known and commercial adaptation based on the 1900 novel The Wonderful Wizard of Oz by L. Frank Baum. The film stars Judy Garland; Terry the dog, billed as Toto; Ray Bolger, Jack Haley, Bert Lahr, Frank Morgan, Billie Burke, Margaret Hamilton, with Charley Grapewin and Clara Blandick, and the Singer Midgets as the Munchkins, with Pat Walshe as leader of the flying monkeys. Notable for its use of Technicolor, fantasy storytelling, musical score and unusual characters, over the years it has become one of the best known of all films and part of American popular culture. It also featured what may be the most elaborate use of character make-ups and special effects in a film up to that time.\nAlthough the film received largely positive reviews, it was not a box office success on its initial release, earning only $3,017,000 on a $2,777,000 budget. The film was MGM's most expensive production up to that time, but its initial release failed to recoup the studio's investment. Subsequent re-releases made up for that, however. It was nominated for six Academy Awards, including Best Picture. It lost that award to Gone with the Wind, but won two others, including Best Original Song for \"Somewhere Over the Rainbow\". The song was ranked first in both the AFI's 100 Years...100 Songs list and the Recording Industry Association of America's \"365 Songs of the Century\" list.
/m/03nk0g	A news program, news programme, news show, or newscast is a regularly scheduled radio or television program that reports current events. News is typically reported in a series of individual stories that are presented by one or more anchors. A news program can include live or recorded interviews by field reporters, expert opinions, opinion poll results, and occasional editorial content.\nA special category of news programs are entirely editorial in format. These host polemic debates between pundits of various ideological philosophies.\nIn the early twenty first century news programs, especially those of commercial networks, tended to become less oriented on hard news, and often regularly included \"feel-good stories\" or humorous reports as the last items on their newscasts, as opposed to news programs transmitted thirty years earlier, such as the CBS Evening News with Walter Cronkite. From their beginnings until around 1995, evening television news broadcasts continued featuring serious news stories right up to the end of the program, as opposed to later broadcasts with such anchors as Katie Couric, Brian Williams, and Diane Sawyer.
/m/09ksp	North Rhine-Westphalia is the most populous state of Germany, as well as the fourth largest by area. North Rhine-Westphalia was formed in 1946 as a merger of the northern Rhineland and Westphalia, both formerly parts of Prussia. Its capital is Düsseldorf; the biggest city is Cologne. Four of Germany's ten biggest cities—Cologne, Düsseldorf, Dortmund, and Essen—are located in North Rhine-Westphalia. The state is currently run by a coalition of the Social Democrats and Greens.
/m/099vwn	The Critics' Choice Award for Best Song is one of the awards given to people working in the motion picture industry by the Broadcast Film Critics Association.
/m/048cl	Karl Heinrich Marx was a German philosopher, economist, sociologist, historian, journalist, and revolutionary socialist. Marx's work in economics laid the basis for the current understanding of labour and its relation to capital, and has influenced much of subsequent economic thought. He published numerous books during his lifetime, the most notable being The Communist Manifesto and Das Kapital.\nBorn into a wealthy middle-class family in Trier in the Prussian Rhineland, Marx studied at the University of Bonn and the University of Berlin, where he became interested in the philosophical ideas of the Young Hegelians. After his studies, he wrote for a radical newspaper in Cologne, and began to work out his theory of dialectical materialism. He moved to Paris in 1843, where he began writing for other radical newspapers and met Fredrick Engels, who would become his lifelong friend and collaborator. In 1849 he was exiled and moved to London together with his wife and children where he continued writing and formulating his theories about social and economic activity. He also campaigned for socialism and became a significant figure in the International Workingmen's Association.
/m/09c6w	Hyderabad is the capital and largest city of the southern Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. Occupying 650 square kilometres, along the banks of the Musi River, it has a population of 6.8 million and a metropolitan population of 7.75 million, making it the fourth most populous city and sixth most populous urban agglomeration in India. At an average altitude of 542 metres, much of Hyderabad is situated on hilly terrain around artificial lakes, including Hussain Sagar—predating the city's founding—north of the city centre.\nEstablished in 1591 by Muhammad Quli Qutb Shah, Hyderabad remained under the rule of the Qutb Shahi dynasty for nearly a century before the Mughals captured the region. In 1724, Mughal viceroy Asif Jah I declared his sovereignty and created his own dynasty, also known as the Nizams of Hyderabad. The Hyderabad State ultimately became a princely state during British rule, and remained so for 150 years, with the city serving as its capital. The city continued as capital of a new Hyderabad State after joining the Indian Union in 1948 and before attaining its current status as the focal point of Andhra Pradesh in 1956. Hyderabad is expected to be part of Telangana when the new state is carved out of Andhra Pradesh.
/m/02rhwjr	Watch the latest episodes of MOBILE SUIT GUNDAM 00 on Crunchyroll now. 2307 A.D. - Humanity has obtained a new source of energy to replace fossil fuels: large-scale solar power generation system based on three huge orbital elevators. However, the benefits are available only to a handful of major powers and their allies. A private armed organization appears, dedicated to the elimination of war through armed force. Its name is Celestial Being, and it is in possession of \"Gundam\" mobile suits. With these Gundams, it begins armed intervention into all acts of war.
/m/0hvjr	Tottenham Hotspur Football Club, commonly referred to as Spurs, is an English football club located in Tottenham, London, that plays in the Premier League. The club's home stadium is White Hart Lane. Its newly developed training ground is in Bulls Cross on the northern borders of the London Borough of Enfield.\nFounded in 1882, Tottenham won the FA Cup for the first time in 1901, making it the only non-League club to do so since the formation of the Football League. Tottenham was the first club in the 20th century to achieve the League and FA Cup Double, winning both competitions in the 1960–61 season. After successfully defending the FA Cup in 1962, in 1963 it became the first British club to win a UEFA club competition – the European Cup Winners' Cup. In 1967 it won the FA Cup for a third time in the 1960s. In the 1970s Tottenham won the League Cup on two occasions and was the inaugural winner of the UEFA Cup in 1972, becoming the first British club to win two different major European trophies. In the 1980s Spurs won several trophies: the FA Cup twice, FA Community Shield and the UEFA Cup in 1984. In the 1990s the club won the FA Cup and the League Cup. When it won the League Cup once more in 2008, it meant that it had won a major trophy in each of the last six decades – an achievement only matched by Manchester United.
/m/0dqcs3	The Wicker Man is a 2006 American horror film written and directed by Neil LaBute and starring Nicolas Cage. The film is primarily a remake of the 1973 British cult classic The Wicker Man, but also draws from its source material, David Pinner's 1967 novel Ritual. Cage dedicated this film to his friend Johnny Ramone, the guitarist of the band The Ramones who died 2 years earlier.
/m/0jnnx	The Vancouver Canucks are an ice hockey team based in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. They are members of the Pacific Division of the Western Conference of the National Hockey League. The Canucks play their home games at Rogers Arena, formerly known as General Motors Place, which has a capacity of 18,860. Mike Gillis is the team's president and general manager, while John Tortorella is the head coach. Henrik Sedin is currently the captain of the team.\nThe Canucks joined the league in 1970 as an expansion team along with the Buffalo Sabres. In its NHL history, the team has advanced to the Stanley Cup Finals three times, losing to the New York Islanders in 1982, the New York Rangers in 1994 and the Boston Bruins in 2011. They won the Campbell Bowl as Western Conference playoff champions in 2011 and have won the Presidents' Trophy in back-to-back seasons as the team with the league's best regular season record in the 2010–11 and 2011–2012 seasons. They won three division titles as a member of the Smythe Division from 1974 to 1993, and seven titles as a member of the Northwest Division from 1998 to 2013.\nThe Canucks have retired four players' jerseys in their history — Stan Smyl, Trevor Linden, Markus Naslund, and Pavel Bure. All but Bure have served as captain.
/m/0lxg6	Varna is the largest city and seaside resort on the Bulgarian Black Sea Coast and the third largest city in Bulgaria. With approximately 350,000 inhabitants, it is the administrative centre of the homonymous province and Varna Municipality and the tenth-largest city in the Balkans\nCommonly referred to as the marine capital of Bulgaria, Varna is a major tourist destination, a starting point for all the resorts in the northern Bulgarian Black Sea Coast, encompassing the so called Bulgarian Las Vegas - Golden Sands, business and university centre, seaport, and headquarters of the Bulgarian Navy and merchant marine. In April 2008, Varna was designated seat of the Black Sea Euro-Region by the Council of Europe.\nThe Varna culture is a record holder, the oldest golden treasure in the world was discovered in Varna Necropolis, consisting of artifacts dating to 4,750 BC.
/m/01rr9f	Courteney Bass Cox is an American actress, producer, and director. She is best known for her roles as Monica Geller on the NBC sitcom Friends, Gale Weathers in the horror series Scream, and as Jules Cobb in the ABC/TBS sitcom Cougar Town, for which she earned her first Golden Globe nomination. Cox also starred in the FX series Dirt. She owns a production company, called Coquette Productions, which was created by herself and then husband David Arquette. Cox has also worked as a director on her sitcom Cougar Town and the television movie Talhotblond.
/m/073h1t	The 66th Academy Awards ceremony, organized by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, honored films released in 1993 and took place on March 21, 1994, at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion in Los Angeles beginning at 6:00 p.m. PST / 9:00 p.m. EST. During the ceremony, AMPAS presented Academy Awards in 23 categories. The ceremony, televised in the United States by ABC, was produced by Gil Cates and directed by Jeff Margolis. Actress Whoopi Goldberg hosted the show for the first time. Nearly a month earlier in a ceremony held at The Beverly Hilton in Beverly Hills, California on February 26, the Academy Awards for Technical Achievement were presented by host Laura Dern.\nSchindler's List won seven awards, including Best Picture and Best Director for Steven Spielberg. Other winners included Jurassic Park and The Piano with three awards each, Philadelphia with two awards, and The Age of Innocence, Belle Epoque, Defending Our Lives, The Fugitive, I Am a Promise: The Children of Stanton Elementary School, Mrs. Doubtfire, Schwarzfahrer and Wallace & Gromit in The Wrong Trousers with one. The telecast was watched by more than 46 million viewers in the United States.
/m/033hqf	George Raft was an American film actor and dancer identified with portrayals of gangsters in crime melodramas of the 1930s and 1940s. A stylish leading man in dozens of movies, today George Raft is mostly known for his gangster roles in the original Scarface, Each Dawn I Die, and Billy Wilder's 1959 comedy Some Like it Hot, as a dancer in Bolero, and a truck driver in They Drive by Night. Raft's real-life association with New York gangsters gave his screen image in mob films an added realism.
/m/01lhy	Classics is the branch of the humanities comprising the languages, literature, philosophy, history, art, archaeology and other culture of the ancient Mediterranean world; especially Ancient Greece and Ancient Rome during Classical Antiquity. Traditionally, the study of the Classics was the principal study of the humanities.
/m/06zgc	Speed skating is a competitive form of ice skating in which the competitors race each other in traveling a certain distance on skates. Types of speed skating are long track speed skating, short track speed skating, and marathon speed skating. In the Olympic Games, long-track speed skating is usually referred to as just \"speed skating\", while short-track speed skating is known as \"short track\". The ISU, the governing body of both ice sports, refers to long track as \"speed skating\" and short track as \"short track skating\".\nThe standard rink for long track is 400 meters long, but tracks of 200, 250 and 333⅓ meters are used occasionally. It is one of two Olympic forms of the sport and the one with the longer history. An international federation was founded in 1892, the first for any winter sport. The sport enjoys large popularity in the Netherlands and Norway. There are top international rinks in a number of other countries, including Canada, the United States, Germany, Italy, Japan, South Korea and Russia. A World Cup circuit is held with events in those countries and with two events in Thialf, the ice hall in Heerenveen, Netherlands.\nInternational Skating Union rules allow some leeway in the size and radius of curves.
/m/02lvtb	Howard Andrew \"Andy\" Williams was an American popular music singer. He recorded seventeen Gold- and three Platinum-certified albums. He hosted The Andy Williams Show, a TV variety show, from 1962 to 1971, as well as numerous television specials. Most recently, he performed at his Moon River Theatre in Branson, Missouri, which was named after the Johnny Mercer and Henry Mancini song \"Moon River\", with which he is closely identified.
/m/01pcj4	Bard College, founded in 1860 as St. Stephen's College, is a private liberal arts college in Annandale-on-Hudson, New York. Bard's rural main campus is located near the town of Red Hook. The campus overlooks the Hudson River and Catskill Mountains, and is within the Hudson River Historic District, a National Historic Landmark.\nThe institution consists of a liberal arts college, a conservatory, as well as 8 graduate programs offering over 20 graduate degrees in the arts and sciences. The undergraduate student-to-faculty ratio is 10:1. The college has a network of over 35 affiliated programs, institutes, and centers, spanning 12 cities, 5 states, 7 countries, and 4 continents.\nBard's Annandale campus serves as an important regional cultural institution. Both the CCS Hessel Museum of Contemporary Art and the Richard B. Fisher Center for the Performing Arts are located on campus. The college also hosts two acclaimed annual arts festivals, Bard SummerScape, and the Bard Music Festival.
/m/016h4r	Kristoffer \"Kris\" Kristofferson is an American country music singer, songwriter, musician, and film actor. He is known for such hits as \"Me and Bobby McGee\", \"For the Good Times\", \"Sunday Mornin' Comin' Down\", and \"Help Me Make It Through the Night\". Kristofferson is the sole writer of most of his songs, and he has collaborated with various other figures of the Nashville scene such as Shel Silverstein. In 1985, Kristofferson joined fellow country artists Waylon Jennings, Willie Nelson and Johnny Cash in forming the country music supergroup \"The Highwaymen\". In 2004, Kristofferson was inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame.
/m/035482	Chronic kidney disease, also known as chronic renal disease, is a progressive loss in renal function over a period of months or years. The symptoms of worsening kidney function are non-specific, and might include feeling generally unwell and experiencing a reduced appetite. Often, chronic kidney disease is diagnosed as a result of screening of people known to be at risk of kidney problems, such as those with high blood pressure or diabetes and those with a blood relative with chronic kidney disease. Chronic kidney disease may also be identified when it leads to one of its recognized complications, such as cardiovascular disease, anemia or pericarditis. It is differentiated from acute kidney disease in that the reduction in kidney function must be present for over 3 months.\nChronic kidney disease is identified by a blood test for creatinine. Higher levels of creatinine indicate a lower glomerular filtration rate and as a result a decreased capability of the kidneys to excrete waste products. Creatinine levels may be normal in the early stages of CKD, and the condition is discovered if urinalysis shows that the kidney is allowing the loss of protein or red blood cells into the urine. To fully investigate the underlying cause of kidney damage, various forms of medical imaging, blood tests and often renal biopsy are employed to find out if there is a reversible cause for the kidney malfunction. Recent professional guidelines classify the severity of chronic kidney disease in five stages, with stage 1 being the mildest and usually causing few symptoms and stage 5 being a severe illness with poor life expectancy if untreated. Stage 5 CKD is often called end stage renal disease, end stage renal failure, or end-stage kidney disease and is synonymous with the now outdated terms chronic kidney failure or chronic renal failure.
/m/0dzs0	Gettysburg is a borough and the county seat of Adams County, Pennsylvania. The Battle of Gettysburg and President Abraham Lincoln's Gettysburg Address are named for this town. The town hosts visitors to the Gettysburg National Battlefield in the Gettysburg National Military Park. As of the 2010 census, the borough had a population of 7,620 people.
/m/01lhf	Communication is the activity of conveying information through the exchange of thoughts, messages, or information, as by speech, visuals, signals, writing, or behavior. It is the meaningful exchange of information between two or more living creatures.\nOne definition of communication is “any act by which one person gives to or receives from another person information about that person's needs, desires, perceptions, knowledge, or affective states. Communication may be intentional or unintentional, may involve conventional or unconventional signals, may take linguistic or non-linguistic forms, and may occur through spoken or other modes.”\nCommunication requires a sender, a message, and a recipient, although the receiver does not have to be present or aware of the sender's intent to communicate at the time of communication; thus communication can occur across vast distances in time and space. Communication requires that the communicating parties share an area of communicative commonality. The communication process is complete once the receiver understands the sender's message.\nCommunicating with others involves three primary steps:
/m/02zhkz	Lance James Henriksen is an American actor and artist best known to film and television audiences for his roles in science fiction, action, and horror films such as the Alien film franchise, and on television shows such as Millennium. He is also a voice actor with his deep commanding voice.
/m/052gzr	Taylor Edwin Hackford is an American film director, and the former president of the Directors Guild of America.
/m/02_hj4	Rosario Dawson is an American actress, singer, and writer. She has appeared in films such as Kids, Men in Black II, 25th Hour, Sin City, Clerks II, Rent, Death Proof, The Rundown, Eagle Eye, Alexander, Seven Pounds, Percy Jackson and the Olympians: The Lightning Thief, Unstoppable, and Trance.
/m/016j68	Denholm Mitchell Elliott, CBE was an English film, television and theatre actor with more than 120 film and television credits. He trained at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in London. In the 1980s, he won the BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Supporting Role in three consecutive years, the only actor ever to have achieved this. He portrayed Dr. Marcus Brody in Raiders of the Lost Ark and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade.
/m/02glc4	The Ninety-ninth United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, composed of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, D.C. from January 3, 1985 to January 3, 1987, during the fifth and sixth years of Ronald Reagan's presidency. The apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives was based on the Twentieth Census of the United States in 1980. The Republicans maintained control of the Senate, while the Democrats maintained control of the House of Representatives.
/m/0781g	Symphonic rock is a sub-genre of progressive rock. Since early in progressive rock's history, the term has been used to distinguish more classically-influenced progressive rock from the more psychedelic and experimental forms of progressive rock.\nSymphonic rock can be described as the combining of progressive rock with classical music traditions. Some artists perform rock arrangements of themes from classical music or compose original pieces in classical composition structures. Additionally, they may play with the accompaniment of a symphony orchestra or use a synthesizer or mellotron to emulate orchestral instruments.\nAs the term is used in music criticism, orchestral renditions of hit rock and pop songs do not necessarily qualify as symphonic rock, though various outlets sometimes market them using that term. Using an orchestra does not make a piece symphonic rock; it must meet the criteria for being progressive rock in addition to the qualities listed for being symphonic.
/m/05m7zg	David Tennant is a Scottish actor, best known for his roles as the tenth incarnation of the Doctor in the British television series Doctor Who, the title role in the TV serial Casanova and as Barty Crouch, Jr., in the film Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire. In addition to his appearances on screen, Tennant has worked as a voice actor, and appeared in a critically acclaimed stage production of Hamlet.
/m/025xdxs	The House Caucus on Missing and Exploited Children was formed in order to assist the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children and coordinate United States federal legislation preventing child abduction and exploitation of children, including prosecution for possession of online pornography and solicitation of minors for sexual activity. According to statistics from the U.S. Department of Justice, of the estimated 24 million child Internet users, one in five children online is sexually solicited, yet only one in four of these tells a parent or guardian.\nThis caucus builds awareness around helping find children who are currently missing and works to prevent future abductions. The Caucus has initiated community, state, and national efforts to combat the growth of child abduction and exploitation throughout the country - like the Amber Alert, Code Adam, Know the Rules and other programs.\nAs of 2006, the Caucus is led by Co-Chairman and Co-Founder Bud Cramer, Democrat from Alabama's 5th congressional district. The Caucus was established by Nick Lampson, a member of Congress from Texas.\nA vacancy for a Republican co-chairperson was created upon the resignation of Congressman Mark Foley, on September 29, 2006. Foley had resigned at the beginning of a scandal alleging he had sent inappropriate emails and instant messages to former congressional pages.
/m/01s81	Cheers is an American sitcom television series that ran for 11 seasons from 1982 to 1993. It was produced by Charles/Burrows/Charles Productions in association with Paramount Network Television for NBC and created by the team of James Burrows, Glen Charles, and Les Charles. The show is set in a bar named Cheers in Boston, Massachusetts, where a group of locals meet to drink, relax, and socialize. The show's theme song, written and performed by Gary Portnoy, and co-written with Judy Hart Angelo, lent its famous refrain, \"Where Everybody Knows Your Name\", as the show's tagline.\nAfter premiering on September 30, 1982, it was nearly canceled during its first season when it ranked last in ratings for its premiere. Cheers, however, eventually became a highly rated television show in the United States, earning a top-ten rating during 8 of its 11 seasons, including one season at #1. The show spent most of its run on NBC's Thursday night \"Must See TV\" lineup. Its widely watched series finale was broadcast on May 20, 1993, and the show's 275 episodes have been successfully syndicated worldwide. Nominated for Outstanding Comedy Series for all eleven of its seasons on the air, it has earned 28 Emmy Awards from a then-record 117 nominations. The character Frasier Crane was featured in his eponymous spin-off show, which later aired up until 2004 and included guest appearances by virtually all of the major and minor Cheers characters.
/m/01clyr	Polydor Records is a record label owned by Universal Music Group, headquartered in the United Kingdom, where it operates as a frontline label. Additionally, it is affiliated with UMG's American-based Interscope Geffen A&M label, which distributes its releases in the United States. In turn, Polydor distributes IGA releases in the UK.\nToday Polydor is Universal Music's second oldest owned label, after Deutsche Grammophon.
/m/059_gf	Jeffrey Wright is an American film, television and stage actor. He is known for such roles as Muddy Waters in Cadillac Records, Jean-Michel Basquiat in Basquiat, Felix Leiter in the James Bond films Casino Royale and Quantum of Solace, Valentin Narcisse in the HBO series Boardwalk Empire, and Beetee in The Hunger Games: Catching Fire.
/m/02_01w	Glenn Ford was a Canadian-born American actor from Hollywood's Golden Era with a career that lasted over 50 years. Despite his versatility, Ford was best known for playing ordinary men in unusual circumstances.
/m/0byfz	Laurence Kerr Olivier, Baron Olivier, OM was an English actor, director, and producer. Olivier is generally considered to have been one of the greatest actors of the 20th century.\nDuring a six-decade career, Olivier played many roles on stage and screen. His three Shakespeare films as actor-director, Henry V, Hamlet, and Richard III, are among the pinnacles of the bard at the cinema. On stage his more than 120 roles included Richard III, Macbeth, Romeo, Hamlet, Uncle Vanya, and Archie Rice in The Entertainer. He appeared in nearly sixty films, including William Wyler's Wuthering Heights and Alfred Hitchcock's Rebecca. He was the founding artistic director of the National Theatre Company in 1963, a post in which he remained for a decade. He had earlier filled the same post at the Old Vic after the Second World War. The largest stage in the National Theatre building was later named after him.\nOlivier retired from the stage in 1974, but his work on-screen continued until the year before his death in 1989. For television, he starred in Long Day's Journey into Night, The Merchant of Venice, Cat on a Hot Tin Roof, Brideshead Revisited, and King Lear, among others. His later films for cinema included Joseph L. Mankiewicz's Sleuth and John Schlesinger's Marathon Man.
/m/02g1px	Cavalier was the name used by Parliamentarians for a supporter of King Charles I and his son Charles II during the English Civil War, the Interregnum, and the Restoration. Cavaliers were also known as Royalists. Prince Rupert, commander of much of Charles I's cavalry, is often considered an archetypical Cavalier.\nCavalier clothes were leather knee high boots, tunics and hats complete with plumes.
/m/04shbh	Daniel Wroughton Craig is an English actor, best known for playing British secret agent James Bond since 2006. Craig is an alumnus of the National Youth Theatre and graduated from the Guildhall School of Music and Drama in London, beginning his career on stage. His early on-screen appearances were in the films Elizabeth, The Power of One and A Kid in King Arthur's Court, and on Sharpe's Eagle and Zorro in television.\nHis appearances in the British films Love Is the Devil, The Trench and Some Voices attracted the industry's attention, leading to roles in bigger productions such as Lara Croft: Tomb Raider, Road to Perdition, Layer Cake and Munich. Craig achieved international fame when chosen as the sixth actor to play the role of James Bond in the official series, replacing Pierce Brosnan. Though he was initially greeted with scepticism, his debut in Casino Royale was highly acclaimed and earned him a BAFTA award nomination, with the film becoming the highest-grossing in the series at the time.\nQuantum of Solace followed two years later. His third Bond film, Skyfall, premiered in 2012 and is now the highest-grossing film in the series, as well as the eighth highest-grossing film of all time. In 2006, Craig joined the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. Since taking the role of Bond, he has continued to appear in other films, most recently starring in the English language adaptation of The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Craig made a guest appearance as Bond in the opening ceremony of the London 2012 Olympic Games, alongside Queen Elizabeth II.
/m/01fh36	Jazz fusion, fusion, or jazz-rock are variants of a musical fusion genre that developed from mixing funk and R&B rhythms and the amplification and electronic effects of rock music, complex time signatures derived from non-Western music and extended, typically instrumental compositions with a jazz approach to lengthy group improvisations, often using wind and brass and displaying a high level of instrumental technique. It was created around the late 1960s.The term \"jazz rock\" is often used as a synonym for \"jazz fusion\" as well as for music performed by late 1960s and 1970s-era rock bands that added jazz elements to their music.\nAfter a decade of popularity during the 1970s, fusion expanded its improvisatory and experimental approaches through the 1980s and 1990s. Fusion albums, even those that are made by the same group or artist, may include a variety of styles. Rather than being a codified musical style, fusion can be viewed as a musical tradition or approach.
/m/02wh0	Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche was a German philologist, philosopher, cultural critic, poet and composer. He wrote several critical texts on religion, morality, contemporary culture, philosophy and science, displaying a fondness for metaphor, irony and aphorism.\nNietzsche's key ideas include the Apollonian/Dionysian dichotomy, perspectivism, the Will to Power, the \"death of God\", the Übermensch and eternal recurrence. One of the key tenets of his philosophy is the concept of \"life-affirmation,\" which embraces the realities of the world we live now in over the idea of a world beyond. It further champions the creative powers of the individual to strive beyond social, cultural, and moral contexts. His radical questioning of the value and objectivity of truth has been the focus of extensive commentary, and his influence remains substantial, particularly in the continental philosophical schools of existentialism, postmodernism, and post-structuralism. His ideas of individual overcoming and transcendence beyond structure and context have had a profound impact on late-twentieth and early-twenty-first century thinkers, who have used these concepts as points of departure in the development of their philosophies, as seen in the social and political thought of Roberto Mangabeira Unger.
/m/06fpsx	The 40-Year-Old Virgin is a 2005 American romantic comedy film written, produced and directed by Judd Apatow, about a middle-aged man's journey to finally have sex. It was co-written by its star, Steve Carell, though it features a great deal of improvised dialogue. The film was released theatrically in North America on August 19, 2005 and was released on region 1 DVD on December 13, 2005.
/m/0gxkm	Parma Football Club, commonly referred to as just Parma, is an Italian professional football club based in Parma, Emilia–Romagna that will compete in Serie A in the 2013-14 season, having finished in tenth position last season. Founded as Verdi Foot Ball Club in December 1913, the club has played its home matches in the 27,906-seat Stadio Ennio Tardini, often referred to as simply Il Tardini, since 1923.\nAlthough Parma has never won a domestic league title and never competed for major trophies until the 1990s, it has won three Italian Cups, one Supercoppa Italiana, two UEFA Cups, one European Super Cup and one UEFA Cup Winners' Cup. Bankrolled by Calisto Tanzi, the club won these eight trophies between 1992 and 2002, a period in which it achieved its best ever league finish – as runners-up in the 1996–97 season – and threatened the dominance of the league's established powers: Juventus, Milan and Internazionale, the only Italian sides to have had more success in European competition than Parma.\nMore recently, Parma's financial troubles have limited the club's ambitions. These were brought about in late 2003 by the Parmalat scandal which caused the parent company to collapse and resulted in the club operating in controlled administration until January 2007. The club has traditionally played attractive football and developed players through the club's academy. Despite the recent downturn in success, the club is an associated member and one of nine Italian clubs that are part of the European Club Association, a representative collection of Europe's most elite clubs, formed after the dissolution of the G-14.
/m/03f5k	Lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender social movements is a political ideology and social movement that advocate for the full acceptance of LGBT people in society. In these movements, LGBT people and their allies have a long history of campaigning for what is now generally called LGBT rights, sometimes also called gay rights or gay and lesbian rights. Although there is not a primary or an overarching central organization that represents all LGBT people and their interests, numerous LGBT rights organizations are active worldwide.\nA commonly stated goal among these movements is social equality for LGBT people. Some have also focused on building LGBT communities or worked towards liberation for the broader society from biphobia, homophobia, and transphobia. LGBT movements organized today are made up of a wide range of political activism and cultural activity, including lobbying, street marches, social groups, media, art, and research.
/m/03q45x	Amy Meredith Poehler is an American actress, comedian, voice artist, producer and writer. Raised in Burlington, Massachusetts, she graduated from Boston College in 1993 and moved to Chicago, Illinois, to study improv at The Second City and ImprovOlympic. In 1996, she moved to New York City after becoming part of the improvisational comedy troupe Upright Citizens Brigade, which later developed into an eponymous television show that aired on Comedy Central for three seasons. Poehler was also one of the founding members of the Upright Citizens Brigade Theatre in 1999.\nPoehler was a cast member on the NBC television show Saturday Night Live from 2001 to 2008. In 2004, she became the co-anchor of the Weekend Update sketch along with her friend and colleague Tina Fey. Poehler's work on SNL earned her two Primetime Emmy Award nominations for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series. Since 2009, she has starred as Leslie Knope in the sitcom Parks and Recreation, and received the 2014 Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in a Television Musical or Comedy Series. She is also an eight-time Emmy Award nominee.
/m/016y3j	Shoegazing is a subgenre of alternative rock that emerged from the United Kingdom in the late 1980s by bands such as My Bloody Valentine, Slowdive and Ride. It lasted there until the mid-1990s, with a critical pinnacle reached from 1990–91 and a new zenith achieved again from resurgence in the early 2010s. The British music press—particularly NME and Melody Maker—named this style shoegazing because the musicians in these bands stood relatively still during live performances in a detached, introspective, non-confrontational state, hence the idea that they were gazing at their shoes. The heavy use of effects pedals also contributed to the image of performers looking down at their feet during concerts.\nThe shoegazing sound is typified by significant use of guitar effects, and indistinguishable vocal melodies that blend into the creative noise of the guitars. A general description given to shoegazing and other affiliated bands in London in the early 1990s was The Scene That Celebrates Itself. In the early 1990s, shoegazing groups were pushed aside by the American grunge movement and early Britpop acts such as Suede, forcing the relatively unknown bands to break up or reinvent their style altogether. In the 2000s, there was renewed interest in the genre among \"nu gaze\" bands.
/m/0tz1x	Lynn is a city in Essex County, Massachusetts, United States. The population was 90,329 at the 2010 census. An old industrial center, Lynn is home to Lynn Beach and Lynn Heritage State Park and is about 10 miles north of downtown Boston.
/m/03j6c	Hinduism is the dominant religion of the Indian subcontinent, particularly of India and Nepal, which consists of many diverse traditions. It includes Shaivism, Vaishnavism and Shaktism among numerous other traditions, and a wide spectrum of laws and prescriptions of \"daily morality\" based on karma, dharma, and societal norms. Hinduism is a categorisation of distinct intellectual or philosophical points of view, rather than a rigid, common set of beliefs.\nHinduism has been called the \"oldest religion\" in the world, and many practitioners refer to Hinduism as Sanātana Dharma, \"the eternal law\" or the \"eternal way\" beyond human origins. It prescribes the \"eternal\" duties all Hindus have to follow, regardless of class, caste, or sect, such as honesty, purity, and self-restraint.\nWestern scholars regard Hinduism as a fusion or synthesis of various Indian cultures and traditions, with diverse roots and no single founder. Among its roots are the Vedic religion of the late Vedic period and its emphasis on the status of Brahmans, but also the religions of the Indus Valley Civilisation, the Sramana or renouncer traditions of north-east India, and \"popular or local traditions\". This \"Hindu synthesis\" emerged around the beginning of the Common Era, and co-existed for several centuries with Buddhism, to finally gain the upper hand in most royal circles during the 8th century CE.
/m/04nrcg	The Maldives national football team represents the Maldives in the sport of football, and is controlled by the Football Association of Maldives. A member of the Asian Football Confederation, it qualified for the second stage of Asian qualifying for the 2006 World Cup, where it drew with South Korea at home 0–0.\nThe Maldives' most significant success was winning the 2008 SAFF Championship where they beat the most successful team India in the final 1–0.
/m/0mrf1	Hidalgo County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. As of the 2010 census, the population was 774,769. The county seat is Edinburg, while the largest city is McAllen.\nLocated in the Rio Grande Valley of South Texas, Hidalgo County is one of the fastest-growing counties in the United States, and is the eighth most-populous county in Texas. Its population in 2010 was 774,769, a 35% increase from 2000. It is named for Miguel Hidalgo y Costilla, the priest who raised the call for Mexico's independence from Spain.\nHidalgo County is located within the McAllen-Edinburg-Mission Metropolitan Statistical Area. It is bordered by Cameron County and Willacy County on the east, Brooks County on the north, Starr County on the west, and Mexico on the south. Hidalgo County is located opposite the Mexican city of Reynosa, across the Rio Grande.
/m/0167_s	Uriah Heep are an English rock band formed in London in 1969 and are regarded as one of the seminal hard rock acts of the early 1970s. Uriah Heep's progressive/art rock/heavy metal fusion's distinctive features have always included a massive keyboard sound, strong vocal harmonies and David Byron's quasi-operatic vocals. Twelve of the band's albums have made it to the UK Albums Chart while of the fifteen Billboard 200 Uriah Heep albums Demons and Wizards was the most successful. In the late 1970s the band had massive success in Germany, where the \"Lady in Black\" single was a big hit. Along with Black Sabbath, Deep Purple and Led Zeppelin, Uriah Heep had become one of the top bands in the early 1970s - one of \"The Big 4\" of hard rock.\nUriah Heep's audience declined by the 1980s, to the point where they became essentially a cult band in the United Kingdom and United States. The band maintains a significant following and performs at arena-sized venues in the Balkans, Germany, Japan, the Netherlands, Russia and Scandinavia. They have sold over 40 million albums worldwide with over 4 million sales in the U.S.
/m/06v41q	French Americans, also called Franco-Americans, are Americans of French descent. About 11.8 million U.S. residents are of French descent, and about 2 million speak French at home. An additional 450,000 U.S. residents speak a French-based creole language, according to the 2000 census. While Americans of French descent make up a substantial percentage of the American population, French Americans arguably are less visible than other similarly sized ethnic groups. This is due in part to the high degree of assimilation among Huguenot settlers, as well as the tendency of French American groups to identify more strongly with \"New World\" regional identities such as Québécois, French Canadian, Acadian, Cajun, or Louisiana Creole. This has inhibited the development of a wider French American identity.
/m/02gx2x	The Javanese are an ethnic group native to the Indonesian island of Java. At approximately 100 million people, they form the largest ethnic group in Indonesia. They are predominantly located in the central to eastern parts of the island. There are also significant numbers of people of Javanese descent in most Provinces of Indonesia, Malaysia, Suriname and the Netherlands.\nToday the majority of the Javanese people identify themselves as Muslims, with a minority identifying as Christians and Hindus, but because Javanese civilization has been influenced by more than a millennium of interactions between the native animism and the Indian Hindu—Buddhist culture, the influence is still visible in Javanese history, culture, traditions and art forms.
/m/0yj9v	Wilmington is a port city in and is the county seat of New Hanover County in coastal southeastern North Carolina, United States. The population is 106,476; according to the 2010 Census it is the eighth most populous city in the state. Wilmington is the principal city of the Wilmington Metropolitan Statistical Area, a metropolitan area that includes New Hanover, Brunswick, and Pender counties in southeastern North Carolina, which has a population of 263,429 as of the 2012 Census Estimate.\nWilmington was settled by European Americans along the Cape Fear River. Its historic downtown has a one-mile-long Riverwalk, developed as a tourist attraction. It is minutes away from nearby beaches. The National Trust for Historic Preservation named Wilmington, North Carolina, one of its 2008 Dozen Distinctive Destinations. City residents live between the river and the ocean, with four nearby beach communities: Fort Fisher, Wrightsville Beach, Carolina Beach, and Kure Beach all within half-hour drives from downtown Wilmington.\nIn 2003 the city was designated by the US Congress, as a \"Coast Guard City\". It is home port for the USCGC Diligence, a United States Coast Guard medium endurance cutter. The World War II battleship USS North Carolina is held as a war memorial; located across from the downtown port area, the ship is open to public tours. Other attractions include the Cape Fear Museum, the Wilmington Hammerheads United Soccer Leagues soccer team, and the training camp site for the Charlotte Bobcats. The University of North Carolina Wilmington provides a wide variety of programs for undergraduates, graduate students, and adult learners, in addition to cultural and sports events open to the community.
/m/0tz1j	Lawrence is a city in Essex County, Massachusetts, United States on the Merrimack River. According to the 2010 U.S. Census, the city had a total population of 76,377. Surrounding communities include Methuen to the north, Andover to the southwest, and North Andover to the southeast. It and Salem are the county seats of Essex County. Lawrence is also part of the Merrimack Valley.\nManufacturing products of the city include electronic equipment, textiles, footwear, paper products, computers, and foodstuffs. Lawrence was the residence of Robert Frost for his early school years; his first essays and poems were published in the Lawrence High School Bulletin.
/m/0mzvm	Springfield, MA is a city in Western New England, and the seat of Hampden County, Massachusetts, United States. Springfield sits on the eastern bank of the Connecticut River near its confluence with three rivers; the western Westfield River, the eastern Chicopee River, and the eastern Mill River. As of the 2010 Census, the city's population was 153,060. Metropolitan Springfield, as one of two metropolitan areas in Massachusetts, had an estimated population of 698,903 as of 2009.\nThe first Springfield in the New World, it is the largest city in Western New England, and the urban, economic, and cultural capital of Massachusetts' Connecticut River Valley. It is the third-largest city in Massachusetts and fourth-largest in New England. Springfield has several nicknames – The City of Firsts, because of its many innovations; The City of Homes, due to its Victorian residential architecture; and Hoop City, because basketball - one of the world's most popular sports - was invented in Springfield.\nHartford, the State of Connecticut's capital city, lies only 23.9 miles south of Springfield, on the western bank of the Connecticut River. Bradley International Airport, which sits 12 miles south of Metro Center Springfield, is Hartford-Springfield's airport. The Hartford-Springfield region is known as the Knowledge Corridor because it hosts over 160,000 university students and over 32 universities and liberal arts colleges – the second-highest concentration of higher-learning institutions in the United States. The City of Springfield itself is home to Springfield College; Western New England University; American International College; and Springfield Technical Community College, among other higher educational institutions.
/m/03flwk	Julius \"Jules\" Dassin was an American film director. He was a subject of the Hollywood blacklist in the McCarthy era, and subsequently moved to France, where he revived his career.
/m/02whj	Frank Vincent Zappa was an American musician, bandleader, songwriter, composer, recording engineer, record producer, and film director. In a career spanning more than 30 years, Zappa composed rock, jazz, orchestral and musique concrète works. He also directed feature-length films and music videos, and designed album covers. Zappa produced almost all of the more than 60 albums he released with the band The Mothers of Invention and as a solo artist. While in his teens, he acquired a taste for 20th-century classical composers such as Edgard Varèse, Igor Stravinsky, and Anton Webern along with 1950s rhythm and blues music. He began writing classical music in high school, while at the same time playing drums in rhythm and blues bands; he later switched to electric guitar.\nZappa was a self-taught composer and performer, and his diverse musical influences led him to create music that was often difficult to categorize. His 1966 debut album with The Mothers of Invention, Freak Out!, combined songs in conventional rock and roll format with collective improvisations and studio-generated sound collages. His later albums shared this eclectic and experimental approach, irrespective of whether the fundamental format was rock, jazz or classical. His lyrics—often humorously—reflected his iconoclastic view of established social and political processes, structures and movements. He was a strident critic of mainstream education and organized religion, and a forthright and passionate advocate for freedom of speech, self-education, political participation and the abolition of censorship.
/m/01fpvz	Yale College is the undergraduate college of Yale University. Founded in 1701, it is the original school of the university and the third-oldest institution of higher education in the United States. Yale was exclusively known as Yale College until 1887, when it was renamed Yale University to reflect the confederation of its schools
/m/0c1sgd3	Water for Elephants is a 2011 American romantic drama film directed by Francis Lawrence. Richard LaGravenese wrote the screenplay, which was based on Sara Gruen's 2006 novel of the same name. It stars Reese Witherspoon, Robert Pattinson, and Christoph Waltz.\nThe film was released in the United States and Canada on April 22, 2011, and received mixed to positive reviews from film critics; it garnered a \"Fresh\" rating on Rotten Tomatoes based upon aggregated reviews, and a rating of \"mixed or average reviews\" at Metacritic.
/m/01hjy5	Case Western Reserve University is a private research university in Cleveland, Ohio, USA. The university was created in 1967 by the federation of Case Institute of Technology and Western Reserve University. TIME magazine described the merger as the creation of \"Cleveland's Big-Leaguer\" university.\nIn U.S. News & World Report's 2013 rankings, Case Western Reserve's undergraduate program ranked 37th among national universities. The University is associated with 16 Nobel Laureates. Other notable alumni include Paul Buchheit, creator and lead developer of Gmail; Craig Newmark, founder of craigslist.org; and Peter Tippett, who developed the anti-virus software, Vaccine, which Symantec purchased and turned into the popular Norton AntiVirus. Case Western Reserve is particularly well known for its medical school, dental school, law school, Frances Payne Bolton School of Nursing, Department of Biomedical Engineering and its biomedical teaching and research capabilities. Case Western is a member of the Association of American Universities.
/m/0bsxd3	The National Heads-Up Poker Championship is an annual poker tournament held in the United States and produced by the NBC television network. It is a $25,000 \"buy-in\" invitation-only tournament organized as a series of one-on-one games of no limit Texas hold 'em matches. The participants include many of the world's most successful poker players, as well as celebrities.\nThe championship was the first poker event to be televised on and produced by a major U.S. television network.\nIn October 2011, NBC announced that the National Heads-Up Poker Championship would not return in 2012, ending the championship's seven-year run.\nAfter a one-year hiatus, the tournament returned in 2013. The $25,000 buy-in event ran from Jan. 24 through 26 at Caesars Palace, the same venue where the event was held from 2006 through 2011.\nThe Heads-Up Championship had been sponsored by online poker companies before Black Friday. The World Series of Poker is the new presenting sponsor.
/m/015hr	The Berlin International Film Festival, also called the Berlinale, is one of the world's leading film festivals and most reputable media events. It is held in Berlin, Germany. Founded in West Berlin in 1951 at the initiative of U.S. Film officer Oscar Martay, the festival has been celebrated annually in February since 1978. With around 300,000 tickets sold and 500,000 admissions it is considered the largest publicly attended film festival worldwide based on actual attendance rates. Up to 400 films are shown in several sections, representing a comprehensive array of the cinematic world. Around twenty films compete for the awards called the Golden and Silver Bears. Since 2001 the director of the festival has been Dieter Kosslick.\nThe European Film Market, a film trade fair held simultaneously to the Berlinale, is a major industry meeting for the international film circuit once a year. The trade fair serves distributors, film buyers, producers, financiers and co-production agents. The Berlinale Talent Campus, a week long series of lectures and workshops, gathers young filmmakers from around the globe. It partners with the festival itself and is considered to be a forum for upcoming artists.
/m/09pbb	Proline is an α-amino acid, one of the twenty DNA-encoded amino acids. Its codons are CCU, CCC, CCA, and CCG. It is not an essential amino acid, which means that the human body can synthesize it. It is unique among the 20 protein-forming amino acids in that the amine nitrogen is bound to not one but two alkyl groups, thus making it a secondary amine. The more common L form has S stereochemistry.
/m/0c7g7	A UNESCO World Heritage Site is a place that is listed by the UNESCO as of special cultural or physical significance. The list is maintained by the international World Heritage Programme administered by the UNESCO World Heritage Committee, composed of 21 states' parties which are elected by their General Assembly.\nThe programme catalogues, names, and conserves sites of outstanding cultural or natural importance to the common heritage of humanity. Under certain conditions, listed sites can obtain funds from the World Heritage Fund. The programme was founded with the Convention Concerning the Protection of the World Cultural and Natural Heritage, which was adopted by the General Conference of UNESCO on 16 November 1972. Since then, 190 states parties have ratified the Convention, making it one of the most adhered to international instruments. Only the Bahamas, Liechtenstein, Nauru, Somalia, South Sudan, Timor-Leste and Tuvalu are not Party to the Convention.\nAs of 2013, 981 sites are listed: 759 cultural, 193 natural, and 29 mixed properties, in 160 states parties. By sites ranked by country, Italy is home to the greatest number of World Heritage Sites with 49 sites, followed by China, Spain, France and Germany. UNESCO references each World Heritage Site with an identification number; but new inscriptions often include previous sites now listed as part of larger descriptions. As a result, the identification numbers exceed 1,200 even though there are fewer on the list.
/m/020hyj	Luis Miguel Gallego Basteri, known professionally as Luis Miguel, is a Mexican singer. An icon in Latin America, he is often referred to as \"El Sol de México\" or \"El Sol\".\nBeginning his musical career in his childhood, Luis Miguel accolades include five Grammys and four Latin Grammys and is considered one of the world's best male pop vocalists. His contribution to Latin pop music, along with his hermetic personal life, has made him a global figure of Latin music for nearly three decades. He first performed professionally at eleven years old. Having won his first Grammy at the age of fourteen, he is the second youngest artist to do so, that for his duet \"Me Gustas Tal Como Eres\" with Sheena Easton. In 1991, the RIAA recognized his high sales for the albums Romance and Segundo Romance. Luis Miguel is the only Latin artist to have two Spanish-language albums go platinum in the USA, and his album Luis Miguel achieved gold and platinum certifications in four countries within three days of its release.\nLuis Miguel is also known for his high-grossing live performances. His Amarte Es Un Placer Tour lasted 8 months during 1999–2000 and run through 8 countries in two continents. The tour consisted of 105 concerts, becoming the most extended tour by a Latin artist, and was attended by approximately 1.5 million fans. It was the highest-grossing tour performed by a Latin artist. He surpassed these records with his Mexico En La Piel Tour of 2005–2007, amassing a total of 129 concerts, over 1.4 millions spectators, and over $95 million grossed.
/m/0h69c	The National League of Professional Baseball Clubs, known simply as the National League, is the older of two leagues constituting Major League Baseball in the United States and Canada, and the world's oldest current professional team sports league. Founded on February 2, 1876, to replace the National Association of Professional Base Ball Players, it is sometimes called the Senior Circuit. The other league of Major League Baseball is the American League, founded in 1901. The two league champions of 1903 arranged to meet in the World Series and, after the 1904 champions failed to do likewise, the two leagues have arranged to meet in that annual culmination of the American baseball season, failing to do so only in the strike-shortened 1994 season. National League teams have won 46 of the 109 World Series played between these two leagues from 1903 to 2013.
/m/03qhyn8	Danilo Donati was an Italian costume designer and production designer. He won the Academy Award for Costume Design twice: the first time for his work in Romeo and Juliet, the second time for his work in Fellini's Casanova. In addition, he received numerous David di Donatello and Nastro d'Argento awards for his costume and production designs in various films.\nAmong the film directors with whom Donati had worked were Federico Fellini and Pier Paolo Pasolini.
/m/05vxdh	Bridget Jones's Diary is a 2001 British romantic comedy film directed by Sharon Maguire. It is based on Helen Fielding's novel of the same name which is a reinterpretation of Austen's Pride and Prejudice. The adaptation stars Renée Zellweger as Bridget, Hugh Grant as the caddish Daniel Cleaver and Colin Firth as Bridget's \"true love\", Mark Darcy. Production began in May 2000 and ended in August 2000, and took largely place on location in London and the Home Counties.\nBridget Jones's Diary premiered on 4 April 2001 in the UK and was released to theaters on 13 April 2001 simultaneously in the UK and in the US. The film received positive reviews and was a commercial success. Zellweger was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress for her role in the film. A sequel, Bridget Jones: The Edge of Reason, was released in 2004.
/m/0d1mp3	Gary David Goldberg was an American writer and producer for television and film. Goldberg was best known for his work on Family Ties, Spin City, and his semi-autobiographical series Brooklyn Bridge.
/m/06vdh8	Lucien Ballard, A.S.C. was an American cinematographer and director of photography.
/m/01d5vk	Richard Ewing \"Dick\" Powell was an American singer, actor, film producer, film director and studio head. Though he came to stardom as a musical comedy performer, he showed versatility and successfully transformed into a hardbitten leading man starring in projects of a more dramatic nature.
/m/02bp37	The One Hundred Fifth United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, composed of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, DC from January 3, 1997 to January 3, 1999, during the fifth and sixth years of Bill Clinton's presidency. Apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives was based on the Twenty-first Census of the United States in 1990. Both chambers had a Republican majority.
/m/0bn8fw	Michael D. McConnohie is a voice actor and President of Nevada-based Voxworks voice-acting corporation who is known for his recognizable deep booming voice as charismatic characters, appearing in over 170 English version dubs.
/m/0209xj	Lost in Translation is a 2003 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Sofia Coppola. It was her second feature film after The Virgin Suicides. It stars Bill Murray, Scarlett Johansson, Giovanni Ribisi, Anna Faris, and Fumihiro Hayashi. The film revolves around an aging actor named Bob Harris and a recent college graduate named Charlotte who develop a rapport after a chance meeting in a Tokyo hotel. The movie explores themes of loneliness, insomnia, existential ennui, and culture shock against the backdrop of a modern Japanese city.\nLost in Translation was a major critical success and was nominated for four Academy Awards, including Best Picture, Best Actor for Bill Murray, and Best Director for Sofia Coppola; Coppola won for Best Original Screenplay. Scarlett Johansson won a BAFTA award for Best Actress in a Leading Role. The film was also a commercial success, grossing almost $120 million from a budget of only $4 million.
/m/06bw5	Reed College is a private and independent liberal arts college located in southeast Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon. Founded in 1908, Reed is a residential college with a campus located in Portland's Eastmoreland neighborhood, featuring architecture based on the Tudor-Gothic style, and a forested canyon nature preserve at its center. Reed is known for its mandatory freshman humanities program, for its required senior-year thesis, as the only private undergraduate college with a primarily student-run nuclear reactor supporting its science programs, and for the unusually high proportion of graduates who go on to earn PhDs and other postgraduate degrees.
/m/01y998	The Pacific War, sometimes called the Asia-Pacific War, was the theatre of World War II which was fought in the Pacific and East Asia. It was fought over a vast area which included the Pacific Ocean and islands, the South West Pacific, the South-East Asia, and in China.\nIt is generally considered that the Pacific War began on 7/8 December 1941, on which dates the Empire of Japan invaded Thailand, attacked British possessions in Malaya, Singapore, and Hong Kong, and the United States military base in Pearl Harbor. Some Historians contend that the conflict in Asia can be dated back to 7 July 1937 with the beginning of the Second Sino-Japanese War between the Empire of Japan and the Republic of China, or possibly 19 September 1931, beginning with the Japanese invasion of Manchuria. However, it is more widely accepted that the Pacific War itself started in early December 1941, with the Sino-Japanese War then becoming part of it as a theater of the greater World War II.\nThe Pacific War saw the Allied powers pitted against the Empire of Japan, the latter briefly aided by Thailand and to a much lesser extent by its Axis allies, Germany and Italy. The war culminated in the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, and other large aerial bombing attacks by the United States Army Air Forces, accompanied by the Soviet invasion of Manchuria on 8 August 1945, resulting in the Japanese announcement of intent to surrender on 15 August 1945. The formal and official surrender of Japan took place aboard the battleship USS Missouri in Tokyo Bay on 2 September 1945.
/m/01n4f8	William \"Bill\" Maher, Jr. is an American stand-up comedian, television host, political commentator, satirist, author, and actor. Before his current role as the host of HBO's Real Time with Bill Maher, Maher hosted a similar late-night talk show called Politically Incorrect, originally on Comedy Central and later on ABC.\nMaher is known for his sarcastic attitude, political satire and sociopolitical commentary, which targets a wide swath of topics including religion, politics, bureaucracies of many kinds, political correctness, the mass media, greed among people and persons in positions of high political and social power, and the lack of intellectual curiosity in the electorate.\nMaher supports the legalization of marijuana and same-sex marriage. His critical views of religion were the basis for the 2008 documentary film Religulous. He serves on the board of PETA and is an advisory board member of Project Reason. In 2005, Maher ranked at number 38 on Comedy Central's 100 greatest stand-up comedians of all time. Bill Maher received a Hollywood Walk of Fame star on September 14, 2010.
/m/0tz14	Haverhill is a city in Essex County, Massachusetts, United States. The population was 60,879 at the 2010 census.\nLocated on the Merrimack River, it began as a farming community of Puritans, largely from Newbury Plantation. The land was officially purchased from Pentucket Indians on November 15, 1642 for three pounds, ten shillings. Pentucket was renamed Haverhill and would evolve into an important industrial center, beginning with sawmills and gristmills run by water power. In the 18th and 19th century, Haverhill developed woolen mills, tanneries, shipping and shipbuilding. The town was for many decades home to a significant shoe-making industry. By the end of 1913, one tenth of the shoes produced in America were made in Haverhill, and because of this the town was known for a time as the \"Queen Slipper City\". The city was also known for the manufacture of hats.
/m/0bhtzw	Felix Bastians is a German footballer playing for German club VfL Bochum on loan from Hertha BSC. He can play as either a wingback or winger.
/m/07z4p5	Lee Garmes, A.S.C. was an American cinematographer. During his career, he worked with directors Howard Hawks, Max Ophüls, Josef von Sternberg, Alfred Hitchcock, King Vidor, Nicholas Ray and Henry Hathaway, whom he had met as a young man when the two first came to Hollywood in the silent era. He also co-directed two films with legendary screenwriter Ben Hecht: Angels Over Broadway and Actor's and Sin.
/m/02t1wn	Alan Hale, Sr. was an American movie actor and director, most widely remembered for his many supporting character roles, in particular as frequent sidekick of Errol Flynn, as well as movies supporting Lon Chaney, Wallace Beery, Douglas Fairbanks, James Cagney, Clark Gable, Cary Grant, Humphrey Bogart and Ronald Reagan, among dozens of others.
/m/08658y	Fussball-Club Luzern, commonly known as FC Luzern or simply abbreviated to FCL, is a Swiss football club based in Lucerne. The club colours are blue and white, derived from the City of Lucerne and Canton of Lucerne coats of arms. They play their home games at Swissporarena which was newly built in 2011 at the place of the old Stadion Allmend.\nThe club was founded in 1901 and has won the Swiss Super League once and the Swiss Cup twice.
/m/012vm6	The Moody Blues are an English rock band. Among their innovations was a fusion with classical music, as heard in their 1967 album Days of Future Passed.\nThe Moody Blues have sold more than 70 million albums worldwide and have been awarded 14 platinum and gold discs. As of 2014 they remain active with one member from the original band from 1964 and two more from the 1967 lineup.
/m/01my_c	Simon Fuller is an English entrepreneur, artist manager and television producer. He is best known for being the creator of the Idol franchise, which was first seen in the UK under the name Pop Idol and created number one rated shows in other markets as well, including American Idol in the US. The franchise has been sold to more than 100 countries around the world. Fuller is also the co-creator and executive producer of the Fox TV reality shows So You Think You Can Dance, Q'Viva, and other U.S. and European TV shows.\nFuller first came to significance through managing the female pop group the Spice Girls. He is currently the manager of performers and entertainers including David and Victoria Beckham, Annie Lennox, Sir Bradley Wiggins, Steven Tyler, Lewis Hamilton, Andy Murray, Carrie Underwood, David Cook, Will Young, Emma Bunton, Lisa Marie Presley, Scotty McCreery, Cathy Dennis and Aloe Blacc. He is in partnership with the duo Jennifer Lopez and Marc Anthony.\nIn 2007, Time magazine named Fuller one of the 100 most influential people in the world. In 2008, Fuller was certified as the most successful British music manager of all time by Billboard magazine. Fuller received the 2,441st star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame on 23 May 2011. The 2012 Sunday Times Rich List values Fuller at £375m; the sixth richest music millionaire in Britain. In the Daily Mail in 2012, music promoter Harvey Goldsmith ranked Fuller at No.1 in a list of the greatest British Entrepreneurs, commenting; \"he is a man of real vision\".
/m/01q_ph	Owen Cunningham Wilson is an American actor and screenwriter born in Dallas, Texas. He is the middle child of three brothers; siblings Andrew and Luke Wilson are also actors. Wilson is known for his long association with the filmmaker Wes Anderson, having shared co-writing and acting credits in the films Bottle Rocket, which was his acting debut, and The Royal Tenenbaums, which was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay, and for his collaborations with fellow actor Ben Stiller. The two have appeared in eight films together.\nWilson is best known for his roles in Meet the Parents, Zoolander, Wedding Crashers, Night at the Museum, Marley & Me, Night at the Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian, Midnight in Paris, and The Internship, as well as for his voice role as Lightning McQueen in Pixar's Cars and Cars 2.
/m/0164nb	David Michael Hasselhoff, nicknamed \"The Hoff\", is an American actor, singer, producer, and businessman. He is best known for his lead roles as Michael Knight in the popular 1980s US series Knight Rider and as L.A. County Lifeguard Mitch Buchannon in the series Baywatch. Hasselhoff also produced Baywatch for a number of seasons in the 1990s up until 2001, when the series ended with Baywatch Hawaii. Hasselhoff also crossed over to a music career during the end of the 1980s and the early 1990s. He was noted for his performance at the Berlin Wall at New Year's Eve 1989; he enjoyed a short-lived success as a singer primarily in German-speaking Europe.\nMore recently, Hasselhoff has been involved with talent shows. He was the first celebrity eliminated from the eleventh season of Dancing with the Stars on September 21, 2010. He was also a judge on NBC's America's Got Talent from 2006 to 2009. In 2011, he joined the Britain's Got Talent judging panel, alongside Simon Cowell, Amanda Holden and Michael McIntyre. He appeared as himself in the 2004 film The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie and also Piranha 3DD and Hop.
/m/0gndh	The Lives of a Bengal Lancer is a 1935 American adventure film loosely adapted from the 1930 book of the same name by Francis Yeats-Brown. The plot of the movie, which bears little resemblance to Yeats-Brown's memoir, concerns British soldiers defending the borders of India against rebellious natives. It stars Gary Cooper, Franchot Tone, Richard Cromwell, and Douglass Dumbrille. The film was directed by Henry Hathaway and written by Grover Jones, William Slavens McNutt, Waldemar Young, John L. Balderston and Achmed Abdullah.\nThe film was nominated for seven Academy Awards including Best Director, Best Original Screenplay, and Best Picture.
/m/023fb	Chelsea Football Club is an English football club based in Fulham, London. Founded in 1905, they play in the Premier League and have spent most of their history in the top tier of English football. Their home ground is the 41,837-seat Stamford Bridge stadium, where they have played since their establishment.\nChelsea had their first major success in 1955, when they won the league championship, and won various cup competitions during the 1960s, 1970s, 1990s and 2000s. The club has enjoyed its greatest period of success in the past two decades, winning 15 major trophies since 1997. Domestically, Chelsea have won four league titles, seven FA Cups, four League Cups and four FA Community Shields, while in continental competitions they have won two UEFA Cup Winners' Cups, one UEFA Super Cup, one UEFA Europa League and one UEFA Champions League. Chelsea are the only London club to win the UEFA Champions League, one of four clubs, and the only British club, to have won all three main UEFA club competitions, and also the first club to hold two major European titles simultaneously.\nChelsea's regular kit colours are royal blue shirts and shorts with white socks. The club's crest has been changed several times in attempts to re-brand the club and modernise its image. The current crest, featuring a ceremonial lion rampant regardant holding a staff, is a modification of the one introduced in the early 1950s. The club has sustained the fifth highest average all-time attendance in English football. Their average home gate for the 2012–13 season was 41,462, the sixth highest in the Premier League. Since July 2003, Chelsea have been owned by Russian billionaire Roman Abramovich. In April 2013 it was ranked by Forbes Magazine as the seventh most valuable football club in the world, at £588 million, an increase of 18% from the previous year.
/m/051q39	Rafael \"Rafa\" Nadal Parera is a Spanish professional tennis player and the current world No. 1. He is considered by some to be the single greatest tennis player of all time, and is widely held to be among the best ever. His success on clay has earned him the nickname \"King of Clay\" and has led many sports journalists and commentators, as well as former and current players, to regard him as the greatest clay court player in history.\nNadal has won 13 Grand Slam singles titles, the 2008 Olympic gold medal in singles, a record 26 ATP World Tour Masters 1000 and a record 15 ATP World Tour 500 tournaments. He was also a member of the winning Spain Davis Cup team in 2004, 2008, 2009, and 2011. In 2010, he became the seventh player in history and youngest of four in the Open Era to achieve the Career Grand Slam. He is the second male player, after Andre Agassi, to complete the singles Career Golden Slam.\nNadal and Mats Wilander are the only two players in history who have won at least two Grand Slam titles on three different surfaces—hard court, grass, and clay. By winning the 2013 French Open, Nadal became the only male player to win a single Grand Slam tournament eight times and the first to win at least one Grand Slam tournament for nine consecutive years, breaking the record of eight consecutive years previously shared by Björn Borg, Pete Sampras, and Roger Federer. Nadal holds the record for most consecutive titles at a particular tournament as a result of winning his eighth straight Monte-Carlo Masters in 2012.
/m/026n6cs	Joe Shelby \"Josh\" Griffith is an American soap opera writer and producer.
/m/01nbq4	Jeremy Charles Robert Clarkson is an English broadcaster, journalist and writer who specialises in motoring. He is best known for his role on the BBC TV show Top Gear along with co-presenters Richard Hammond and James May. He also writes weekly columns for The Sunday Times and The Sun.\nFrom a career as a local journalist in Northern England, Clarkson rose to public prominence as a presenter of the original format of Top Gear in 1988. Since the mid-1990s, Clarkson has become a recognised public personality, regularly appearing on British television presenting his own shows and appearing as a guest on other shows. As well as motoring, Clarkson has produced programmes and books on subjects such as history and engineering. From 1998 to 2000, he also hosted his own chat show, Clarkson.\nHis opinionated but humorous tongue-in-cheek writing and presenting style has often generated much public reaction to his viewpoints. His actions both privately and as a Top Gear presenter have also sometimes resulted in criticism from the media, politicians, pressure groups and the public. He has also generated a significant following from the public, being credited as a major factor in the resurgence of Top Gear as one of the most popular shows on the BBC.
/m/01l2m3	Heart failure, often called congestive heart failure or congestive cardiac failure, occurs when the heart is unable to provide sufficient pump action to maintain blood flow to meet the needs of the body. Heart failure can cause a number of symptoms including shortness of breath, leg swelling, and exercise intolerance. The condition is diagnosed by patient physical examination and confirmed with echocardiography. Blood tests help to determine the cause. Treatment depends on severity and cause of heart failure. In a chronic patient already in a stable situation, treatment commonly consists of lifestyle measures such as smoking cessation, light exercise, dietary changes, and medications. Sometimes, depending on etiology, it is treated with implanted devices and occasionally a heart transplant is required.\nCommon causes of heart failure include myocardial infarction and other forms of coronary artery disease, hypertension, valvular heart disease, and cardiomyopathy. The term heart failure is sometimes incorrectly used for other cardiac-related illnesses, such as myocardial infarction or cardiac arrest, which can cause heart failure but are not equivalent to heart failure.
/m/0fphgb	Lucky Numbers is a 2000 comedy film directed by Nora Ephron. The screenplay by Adam Resnick was inspired by the 1980 Pennsylvania Lottery scandal.
/m/0nm42	Washington County is a county located in the U.S. state of Maine. As of the 2010 census, its population was 32,856. Its county seat is Machias.\nIt is sometimes referred to as \"Sunrise County\" because it is the easternmost county in the continental United States, and claims have been made that Washington County is where the sun first rises on the 48 contiguous states. Many small seaside communities have small-scale fishing-based economies. Tourism is also important along the county's shoreline, but it is not as important as elsewhere in the state. The blueberry crop plays a major role in the county's economy; nearly 85% of the world's supply of wild blueberries comes from Washington County.\nWashington County was established on June 25, 1789. It borders the Canadian province of New Brunswick.
/m/06w6_	Sarah Michelle Prinze is an American actress and producer. In 1983, she made her acting debut in the made-for-TV movie An Invasion of Privacy and went on to appear in Spenser: For Hire and Crossbow. Gellar had her first lead part in 1992's mini-series Swans Crossing and originated the role of Kendall Hart on the ABC daytime soap opera All My Children, winning the 1995 Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Younger Actress in a Drama Series.\nGellar came to prominence in the late 1990s, landing roles in 1997's horror films I Know What You Did Last Summer and Scream 2. She portrayed Buffy Summers on the WB/UPN TV series Buffy the Vampire Slayer, for which she won six Teen Choice Awards, the Saturn Award for Best Genre TV Actress and received a Golden Globe Award nomination for Best Actress – Television Series Drama. She also gained recognition for her performances as Kathryn Merteuil in Cruel Intentions and Daphne Blake in Scooby-Doo.\nAfter Buffy ended, Gellar starred in the films Scooby-Doo 2: Monsters Unleashed, The Grudge and its sequel, The Grudge 2. She had the starring role in the television drama series Ringer, from 2011 to 2012. Gellar currently stars in the CBS television sitcom The Crazy Ones alongside Robin Williams.
/m/0flw86	Islam is a monotheistic and Abrahamic religion articulated by the Qur'an, a book considered by its adherents to be the verbatim word of God and by the teachings and normative example of Muhammad, considered by them to be the last prophet of God. An adherent of Islam is called a Muslim.\nMuslims believe that God is one and incomparable and the purpose of existence is to submit to and serve Allah. Muslims also believe that Islam is the complete and universal version of a primordial faith that was revealed before many times throughout the world, including notably through Adam, Noah, Abraham, Moses and Jesus, whom they consider prophets. They maintain that the previous messages and revelations have been partially misinterpreted or altered over time, but consider the Arabic Qur'an to be both the unaltered and the final revelation of God. Religious concepts and practices include the five pillars of Islam, which are basic concepts and obligatory acts of worship, and following Islamic law, which touches on virtually every aspect of life and society, providing guidance on multifarious topics from banking and welfare, to warfare and the environment.
/m/01n7q	California is a state located on the West Coast of the United States. It is the most populous U.S. state, home to one out of eight Americans, and is the third largest state by area. California is bordered by Oregon to the north, Nevada to the east, Arizona to the southeast, and the Mexican State of Baja California to the south. It is home to the nation's second and fifth most populous census statistical areas, and eight of the nation's 50 most populated cities. Sacramento is the state's capital.\nWhat is now California was first settled by various Native American tribes before being explored by a number of European expeditions throughout the 16th and 17th centuries. It was then claimed by the Spanish Empire as part of Alta California in the larger territory of New Spain. Alta California became a part of Mexico in 1821 following its successful war for independence, but would later be ceded to the United States in 1848 after the Mexican-American War. The western portion of Alta California was soon organized as the State of California, which was admitted as the 31st state on September 9, 1850. The California Gold Rush starting in 1848 led to dramatic social and demographic change, with large-scale immigration from the U.S. and abroad and an accompanying economic boom.
/m/04sntd	The Jackal is a 1997 American thriller film directed by Michael Caton-Jones, and starring Bruce Willis, Richard Gere, and Sidney Poitier. It is a loose remake of the 1973 film The Day of the Jackal, although the director of that film, Fred Zinnemann, fought with the studio to ensure that this remake did not share the first film's title, and Frederick Forsyth, the author of the novel asked for his name to be removed from the credits of this film. To date, it is the last appearance of Sidney Poitier in a theatrical release.
/m/095zlp	The Hours is a 2002 drama film directed by Stephen Daldry, and starring Nicole Kidman, Meryl Streep, Julianne Moore and Ed Harris. The screenplay by David Hare is based on the 1999 Pulitzer Prize-winning novel of the same title by Michael Cunningham.\nThe plot focuses on three women of different generations whose lives are interconnected by the novel Mrs Dalloway by Virginia Woolf. These are Clarissa Vaughan, a New Yorker preparing an award party for her AIDS-stricken long-time friend and poet, Richard in 2001; Laura Brown, a pregnant 1950s California housewife with a young boy and an unhappy marriage; and Virginia Woolf herself in 1920s England, who is struggling with depression and mental illness whilst trying to write her novel.\nThe film was released in Los Angeles and New York City on Christmas Day 2002, and was given a limited release in the US and Canada two days later on December 27, 2002. It did not receive a wide release in the US until January 2003, and was then released in UK cinemas on Valentine's Day that year. Critical reaction to the film was mostly positive, with nine Academy Award nominations for The Hours including Best Picture, and a win for Nicole Kidman as Best Actress.
/m/0gy7bj4	Anna Karenina is a 2012 drama film written by Tom Stoppard and directed by Joe Wright.
/m/04cy8rb	Conrad Buff is an American film editor with more than 25 film credits since 1985. Buff is known for winning an Academy Award for Best Film Editing and an ACE Eddie Award for Titanic; the awards were shared with his co-editors James Cameron and Richard A. Harris. He won the 2000 Satellite Award for Best Editing for Thirteen Days.
/m/01csvq	Diane Keaton is an American film actress, director, producer, and screenwriter. Keaton began her career on stage, and made her screen debut in 1970. Her first major film role was as Kay Adams-Corleone in The Godfather, but the films that shaped her early career were those with director and co-star Woody Allen, beginning with Play It Again, Sam in 1972. Her next two films with Allen, Sleeper and Love and Death, established her as a comic actor. Her fourth, Annie Hall, won her the Academy Award for Best Actress.\nKeaton subsequently expanded her range to avoid becoming typecast as her Annie Hall persona. She became an accomplished dramatic performer, starring in Looking for Mr. Goodbar and received Academy Award nominations for Reds and Marvin's Room. Some of her popular later films include Baby Boom, Father of the Bride, The First Wives Club, Something's Gotta Give and The Family Stone. Keaton's films have earned a cumulative gross of over US$1.1 billion in North America. In addition to acting, she is also a photographer, real estate developer, author, and occasional singer.
/m/01mkq	Computer science is the scientific and practical approach to computation and its applications. It is the systematic study of the feasibility, structure, expression, and mechanization of the methodical processes that underlie the acquisition, representation, processing, storage, communication of, and access to information, whether such information is encoded in bits and bytes in a computer memory or transcribed engines and protein structures in a human cell. A computer scientist specializes in the theory of computation and the design of computational systems.\nIts subfields can be divided into a variety of theoretical and practical disciplines. Some fields, such as computational complexity theory, are highly abstract, while fields such as computer graphics emphasize real-world visual applications. Still other fields focus on the challenges in implementing computation. For example, programming language theory considers various approaches to the description of computation, whilst the study of computer programming itself investigates various aspects of the use of programming language and complex systems. Human-computer interaction considers the challenges in making computers and computations useful, usable, and universally accessible to humans.
/m/046b0s	Village Roadshow Pictures is a leading independent co-producer and co-financier of major Hollywood motion pictures, having released over 70 films since its establishment in 1997 including, as co-productions with Warner Bros., The Great Gatsby, The Matrix Trilogy, The Sherlock Holmes franchise, I Am Legend, the Ocean’s series, Happy Feet, Mystic River, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, Get Smart, Sex and the City 2, Gran Torino and The Lego Movie.\nVillage Roadshow Pictures self-distributes its filmed entertainment through affiliates in several territories around the world, including Australia, New Zealand and Singapore.\nThe films in their library have achieved 24 number one domestic box office openings and received 17 Academy Award nominations, eight Academy Awards and four Golden Globe Awards.\nUpcoming releases include Into the Storm; Edge of Tomorrow; Jupiter Ascending; and The Judge.
/m/05hgj	A novel is a long prose narrative written by a novelist that describes fictional characters and events, usually in the form of a sequential story. The genre has historical roots in antiquity and medieval and early modern romance and in the tradition of the novella. The latter, an Italian word used to describe short stories, supplied the present generic English term in the 18th century. The first significant European novelist is Miguel de Cervantes, author of Don Quixote, the first part of which was published in 1605.\nA more precise definition of the genre is historically difficult. However, the main elements that critics discuss are: the construction of the narrative, the plot, the relation to reality, the characterization, and the use of language. Most of these requirements were theorized in the 16th and 17th centuries.
/m/01tcf7	Jason Nelson Robards, Jr. was an American actor on stage, and in film and television. He was a winner of the Tony Award, two Academy Awards and the Emmy Award. He was also a United States Navy combat veteran of World War II.\nHe became famous playing works of American playwright Eugene O'Neill and regularly performed in O'Neill's works throughout his career. Robards was cast in both common-man roles and as well-known historical figures.
/m/0f94t	Harlem is a large neighborhood within the northern section of the New York City borough of Manhattan. Since the 1920s, Harlem has been known as a major African-American residential, cultural and business center. Originally a Dutch village, formally organized in 1658, it is named after the city of Haarlem in the Netherlands. Harlem's history has been defined by a series of economic boom-and-bust cycles, with significant population shifts accompanying each cycle.\nBlack residents began to arrive en masse in 1905, with numbers fed by the Great Migration. In the 1920s and 1930s, Central and West Harlem were the focus of the \"Harlem Renaissance\", an outpouring of artistic work without precedent in the American black community. However, with job losses in the time of the Great Depression and the deindustrialization of New York City after World War II, rates of crime and poverty increased significantly.\nSince New York City's revival in the late 20th century, Harlem has been experiencing social and economic gentrification. However, Harlem still suffers from many social problems. Large portions of the population receive a form of income support from the government—with West, Central, and East Harlem respectively at 34.9%, 43.3%, and 46.5% of the population.
/m/040t74	Janel Wallace Moloney is an American actress. She played Donnatella \"Donna\" Moss on the television series The West Wing, a role for which she received Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series nominations in 2002 and 2004.
/m/045931	Michael Emmet Walsh is an American actor who has appeared in over 200 film and television productions.
/m/03xkps	Lloyd Vernet \"Beau\" Bridges III is an American actor and director. He is a three-time Emmy-, two-time Golden Globe- and one-time Grammy Award winner. He is also a two-time Screen Actors Guild Award nominee.\nBridges was awarded a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame on April 7, 2003.
/m/04cvn_	An art critic is a person who is specialized in analyzing, interpreting and evaluating art. Their written critiques or reviews contribute to art criticism and they are published in newspapers, magazines, books, exhibition brochures and catalogues and on web sites. Some of today's art critics use art blogs and other online platforms in order to connect with a wider audience and expand debate about art.\nDifferently from art history, there is not an institutionalized training for art critics; art critics come from different backgrounds and they may or may not be university trained. Professional art critics are expected to have a keen eye for art and a thorough knowledge of art history. Typically the art critic views art at exhibitions, galleries, museums or artists' studios and they can be members of the International Association of Art Critics which has national sections. Very rarely art critics earn their living from writing criticism.\nThe opinions of art critics has the potential to stir debate on art related topics. Due to this the viewpoints of art critics writing for art publications and newspapers adds to public discourse concerning art and culture. Art collectors and patrons often utilize the advice of such critics as a way to enhance their appreciation of the art they are viewing. Many now famous and celebrated artists were not recognized by the art critics of their time, often because their art was in a style not yet understood or favored. Conversely, some critics, have become particularly important helping to explain and promote new art movements — Roger Fry with the Post-Impressionist movement, Lawrence Alloway with Pop Art as examples.
/m/0sxgh	Morgan State University is a historically black college in Baltimore, Maryland, United States. Morgan is Maryland's designated public urban university and the largest HBCU in Maryland. In 1890 the university, formerly known as the \"Centenary Biblical Institute\", changed its name to Morgan College to honor Reverend Lyttleton Morgan, the first chairman of its Board of Trustees who had donated land to the college. It became a university in 1975. MSU is a member of Thurgood Marshall College Fund.\nAlthough a public institution, MSU is not a part of the University System of Maryland; the school opted out and possesses its own governing Board of Regents.
/m/06fmdb	Steven Epstein, an American producer of classical music received a B.Sc. in Music education from Hofstra University in 1973.\nOver the years, Epstein has worked with artists such as Yo-Yo Ma, Wynton Marsalis, Plácido Domingo, Isaac Stern, Itzhak Perlman, Murray Perahia, Emanuel Ax, Bobby McFerrin, and groups such as Juilliard String Quartet, Tokyo String Quartet, Fine Arts Quartet, Punch Brothers. He has worked with the Vienna, Berlin and New York Philharmonic Orchestras, and with the Chicago, Cleveland, London, Concertgebouw, Philadelphia, Pittsburgh, and Los Angeles Symphony Orchestras. Epstein is formerly the Senior Executive Producer of Sony Classical and currently produces and engineers independently. He has won 17 Grammys, including 7 for Classical Producer of the Year and 1 for Classical Album of the Year.\nHe is also adjunct professor of Classical Music Recording at McGill University in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
/m/035dk	Ghana, officially called the Republic of Ghana, is a sovereign state and unitary presidential constitutional republic, located along the Gulf of Guinea and Atlantic Ocean, in West Africa. In 1957, Ghana became the first nation to declare independence from European colonization.\nThe country is bordered by the Ivory Coast in the west, Burkina Faso in the north, Togo in the east and the Gulf of Guinea and Atlantic Ocean in the south. The word Ghana means \"Warrior King\".\nGhana has a 238,535 km land mass with 2,093 kilometres of international land borders. Ghana consists of ten administrative regions and some islands, parts of which are endowed with savannas, woodlands, forests, a coastal line, fertile lands, springs, waterfalls, streams, rivers, caves, lakes, esturaries, mountains, wildlife parks and nature reserves, industrial minerals, Precious metals and Fossil fuel. The coast of Ghana which has mainly sandy beaches stretches 560 kilometres with a peninsula at Cape Three Points. Also along the coastline are castles, forts, ports and harbours. These physical and human features are not evenly spread in the country however.\nGhana has in recent years attained rapid economic growth and rising human development. Ghana is a petroleum and natural gas producer, one of the world's largest gold and diamond producers, the second largest cocoa producer in the world, and Ghana is home to Lake Volta, the largest artificial lake in the world by surface area. Ghana is a regional power and has regional hegemony; and it is a founding member of the Non-Aligned Movement and a member of both the Economic Community of West African States and the Group of 24.
/m/0gdk0	Richmond is a city in western Contra Costa County, California, United States. The city was incorporated on August 7, 1905. Located in the eastern region of the San Francisco Bay Area, Richmond borders the city of San Pablo and the unincorporated areas of North Richmond, El Sobrante and East Richmond Heights.\nUnder the McLaughlin Administration, Richmond is the largest city in the United States served by a Green Party Mayor. As of the 2010 U.S. Census, the city's population is at 103,701.
/m/02r4qs	Basil Glen Ballard, Jr. is an American songwriter, lyricist, and record producer. He is best known for co-writing and producing Alanis Morissette's Jagged Little Pill, which won Grammy Award for \"Best Rock Album\", and \"Album of the Year\" amongst others, and is ranked by the Rolling Stone amongst The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time. He was involved in the recording and writing of Michael Jackson's Thriller and Bad. As a writer he co-wrote songs like \"Man in the Mirror\" and \"Hand in My Pocket\". He is the founder of Java Records.\nHe won the 2006 Grammy Award for Best Song Written for a Motion Picture for the song \"Believe\".\nBallard was born in Natchez, Mississippi.
/m/017jv5	United Artists Corporation is an American film studio. The original studio using of that name was founded in 1919 by D. W. Griffith, Charlie Chaplin, Mary Pickford, and Douglas Fairbanks, with the intention of controlling their own interests rather than depending upon the powerful commercial studios.\nThe current United Artists formed in November 2006 under a partnership between producer/actor Tom Cruise and his production partner, Paula Wagner, and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. Paula Wagner left the studio on August 14, 2008. Cruise owned a small stake in the studio until late 2011. It is now a fully owned subsidiary of MGM, which itself is owned by MGM Holdings.
/m/0888c3	For Your Consideration is a 2006 comedy film directed by Christopher Guest. It was co-written by Guest and Eugene Levy, and both also star in the film.\nThe title is a phrase used in trade advertisements to promote films for honors such as the Academy Awards. The plot revolves around three actors who learn that their performances in the film they haven't even completed yet, Home for Purim, a drama set in the mid-1940s American South, are supposedly generating a great deal of award-season buzz.\nMany of the cast return from This Is Spinal Tap, Waiting for Guffman, Best in Show, and A Mighty Wind, including Levy, O'Hara, Posey, Shearer, Michael McKean, Fred Willard, Bob Balaban, Jennifer Coolidge, Jane Lynch, Ed Begley, Jr., Michael Hitchcock, John Michael Higgins and Jim Piddock.\nRicky Gervais, the co-creator of the British television series The Office, also appears, while John Krasinski, Richard Kind, Scott Adsit, and Sandra Oh make brief cameos. Though the dialogue is largely improvised by the actors as in Guest's earlier films, the format is a departure from the mockumentary style.\nThe film received its World Premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival on September 10, 2006. It was produced by Warner Independent Pictures in association with Castle Rock Entertainment and Shangri-La Entertainment.
/m/05g3ss	Saif Ali Khan is an Indian film actor and producer. Through his successful career in Hindi films, Khan has established himself as one of the most popular actors of Indian cinema. He is the recipient of numerous awards and nominations, including a National Film Award and six Filmfare Awards, and was honoured by the Government of India with the Padma Shri in 2010.\nKhan is the son of the cricket player and the last, titular Nawab of Pataudi, Mansoor Ali Khan Pataudi, and actress Sharmila Tagore. Having made his acting debut in 1992 with Yash Chopra's Parampara, he had his first success with the 1994 films Main Khiladi Tu Anari and Yeh Dillagi. After going through several years of decline throughout the 1990s, Khan rose into prominence with his performance in Farhan Akhtar's Dil Chahta Hai, which marked his professional turning point. His work in Kal Ho Naa Ho won him the Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actor, and he was awarded the National Film Award for Best Actor for his performance in Hum Tum. Khan subsequently had further mainstream success with films like Salaam Namaste and Race, and starred in critically acclaimed projects such as Parineeta, Being Cyrus and Omkara. In 2009, Khan branched out into film production with his company Illuminati Films, whose first release, Love Aaj Kal, became a box-office success. These accomplishments have established him as one of the leading actors of Hindi cinema.
/m/02js9p	Mary Eileen McDonnell is an American film, stage, and television actress. She received Academy Award nominations for her roles as Stands With A Fist in Dances with Wolves and May-Alice Culhane in Passion Fish. McDonnell is well known for her performances as President Laura Roslin in Battlestar Galactica, the First Lady in Independence Day, and a starring role in Donnie Darko as the title character's mother. As of 2012, McDonnell stars in Major Crimes as Captain Sharon Raydor.
/m/014zz1	The hurdy gurdy or hurdy-gurdy is a stringed instrument that produces sound by a crank-turned, rosined wheel rubbing against the strings. The wheel functions much like a violin bow, and single notes played on the instrument sound similar to those of a violin. Melodies are played on a keyboard that presses tangents — small wedges, typically made of wood — against one or more of the strings to change their pitch. Like most other acoustic stringed instruments, it has a sound board to make the vibration of the strings audible.\nMost hurdy gurdies have multiple drone strings, which give a constant pitch accompaniment to the melody, resulting in a sound similar to that of bagpipes. For this reason, the hurdy gurdy is often used interchangeably or along with bagpipes, particularly in French and contemporary Hungarian and Galician folk music.\nMany folk music festivals in Europe feature music groups with hurdy gurdy players. The most famous annual festival has been held since 1976 at Saint-Chartier in the Indre département in Central France. In 2009, it re-located nearby to the Château d'Ars at La Châtre, where it continues to take place during the week nearest July 14.
/m/025df4	Vitis vinifera is a species of Vitis, native to the Mediterranean region, central Europe, and southwestern Asia, from Morocco and Portugal north to southern Germany and east to northern Iran. There are currently between 5000 and 10,000 varieties of Vitis vinifera grapes though only a few are of commercial significance for wine and table grape production.\nIt is a liana growing to 35 yards tall, with flaky bark. The leaves are alternate, palmately lobed, 5–20 cm long and broad. The fruit is a berry, known as a grape; in the wild species it is 6 mm diameter and ripens dark purple to blackish with a pale wax bloom; in cultivated plants it is usually much larger, up to 3 cm long, and can be green, red, or purple. The species typically occurs in humid forests and streamsides.\nThe wild grape is often classified as V. vinifera subsp. sylvestris, with V. vinifera subsp. vinifera restricted to cultivated forms. Domesticated vines have hermaphrodite flowers, but subsp. sylvestris is dioecious and pollination is required for fruit to develop.\nThe grape is eaten fresh, processed to make wine, or dried to produce raisins. Cultivars of Vitis vinifera form the basis of the majority of wines produced around the world. All of the familiar wine varieties belong to Vitis vinifera, which is cultivated on every continent except for Antarctica, and in all the major wine regions of the world.
/m/015dqj	Maximilian Schell was a Swiss film and stage actor, who also wrote, directed and produced some of his own films. He won the Academy Award for Best Actor for the 1961 American film Judgment at Nuremberg, his second acting role in Hollywood. His parents were involved in the arts and he grew up surrounded by acting and literature. While he was a child, his family was forced to flee Vienna in 1938 when Austria was annexed by Nazi Germany, and they settled in Zurich, Switzerland. After World War II ended, Schell took up acting or directing full time. He appeared in numerous German films, often anti-war, before moving on to Hollywood.\nSchell was top billed in a number of Nazi-era themed films, as he could speak both English and German. Among those were two films for which he received Oscar nominations: The Man in the Glass Booth, where he played a character with two identities, and Julia, where he helps the underground in Nazi Germany.\nHis range of acting went beyond German characters, however, and during his career, he also played personalities as diverse as Venezuelan leader Simón Bolívar, Russian emperor Peter the Great, and scientist Albert Einstein. For his role as Vladimir Lenin in the TV series, Stalin, he won the Golden Globe Award. On stage, Schell acted in a number of plays, and his was considered \"one of the greatest Hamlets ever.\"
/m/0hv27	The African Queen is a 1951 adventure film adapted from the 1935 novel of the same name by C. S. Forester. The film was directed by John Huston and produced by Sam Spiegel and John Woolf. The screenplay was adapted by James Agee, John Huston, John Collier and Peter Viertel. It was photographed in Technicolor by Jack Cardiff and had a music score by Allan Gray. The film stars Humphrey Bogart, and Katharine Hepburn with Robert Morley, Peter Bull, Walter Gotell, Richard Marner and Theodore Bikel.\nThe African Queen has been selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry in 1994, with the Library of Congress deeming it \"culturally, historically or aesthetically significant\".\nThe film currently holds a 100% \"Fresh\" rating on Rotten Tomatoes, based on 37 reviews.
/m/01m42d0	Aristotelis \"Telly\" Savalas was an American film and television actor and singer, whose career spanned four decades. Best known for playing the title role in the 1970s crime drama Kojak, Savalas was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his performance in Birdman of Alcatraz.\nHis other movie credits include The Young Savages, The Greatest Story Ever Told, Battle of the Bulge, The Dirty Dozen, The Scalphunters, supervillain Ernst Stavro Blofeld in the James Bond film On Her Majesty's Secret Service, Kelly's Heroes, Pretty Maids All in a Row, Inside Out, and Escape to Athena.
/m/080g3	Versailles is a city in the Yvelines département in Île-de-France region, world-widely renowned for its château, the Château de Versailles and the gardens of Versailles, designated UNESCO World Heritage Sites. According to the 2008 census, the population of the city is 88,641 inhabitants, down from a peak of 94,145 in 1975.\nA new town, founded by the will of King Louis XIV, it was the de facto capital of the kingdom of France for over a century, from 1682 to 1789, before becoming the cradle of the French Revolution. After having lost its status of royal city, it became the préfecture of Seine-et-Oise département in 1790, then of Yvelines in 1968, and a Roman Catholic diocese. Versailles is historically known for numerous treaties such as the Treaty of Paris, which ended the American Revolutionary War and the Treaty of Versailles, after World War I.\nLocated in the western suburbs of the French capital, 17.1 km from the centre of Paris, Versailles is in the 21st century a wealthy suburb of Paris with a service based economy and a major touristic destination as well. Besides, the Congress of France - the name given to the body created when both houses of the French Parliament, the National Assembly and the Senate, meet - gathers in the Château de Versailles to vote on revisions to the Constitution.
/m/02_lt	Fulham Football Club is a professional football club based in Fulham, London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham, southwest London. Founded in 1879, they play in the English Premier League, and are currently in their 13th consecutive season in the division. They are the oldest established football team from London playing in the Premier League.\nThe club has spent twenty-four seasons in English football's top division, the majority of that in two spells during the 1960s and 2000s. The latter spell was associated with former chairman Mohamed Al-Fayed, after the club had climbed up from the fourth tier in the 1990s. Fulham have never won a major honour, although they have reached two major finals. In 1975, as a Second Division team, they contested the FA Cup final for the only time in their history, losing 2–0 to West Ham United. Fulham reached the 2010 Europa League final, which they contested with Atlético Madrid in Hamburg, losing 2–1 after extra time.\nThe club has produced many English greats including Johnny Haynes, George Cohen, Bobby Robson, Rodney Marsh and Alan Mullery. They play at Craven Cottage, a ground on the banks of the River Thames in Fulham which has been their home since 1896. Fulham's training ground is located near Motspur Park, where the club's Academy is also situated.
/m/014jyk	The University of Liverpool is a teaching and research university based in the city of Liverpool, England. Founded in 1881, it is also one of the six original \"red brick\" civic universities. It comprises three faculties organised into 35 departments and schools. The university has an enviable international reputation for innovative research and academic excellence. It is a founding member of the Russell Group of large research-intensive universities, the N8 Group for research collaboration and The University Management school is AACSB accredited. The university has produced eight Nobel Prize winners and offers more than 230 first degree courses across 103 subjects. It was the world's first university to establish departments in Oceanography, Civic Design, Architecture, and Biochemistry at the Johnston Laboratories. In 2006 the university became the first in the UK to establish an independent university in China making it the world's first Sino-British university. It has an annual turnover of £410 million, including £150 million for research. Graduates of the University are styled with the post-nominal letters Lpool, to indicate the institution.
/m/029tx	Dinosaurs are a diverse group of animals of the clade Dinosauria. They first appeared during the Triassic period, 231.4 million years ago, and were the dominant terrestrial vertebrates for 135 million years, from the beginning of the Jurassic until the end of the Cretaceous, when the Cretaceous–Paleogene extinction event led to the extinction of most dinosaur groups at the close of the Mesozoic Era. The fossil record indicates that birds evolved from theropod dinosaurs during the Jurassic Period and, consequently, they are considered a subgroup of dinosaurs by many paleontologists. Some birds survived the extinction event that occurred 66 million years ago, and their descendants continue the dinosaur lineage to the present day.\nDinosaurs are a varied group of animals from taxonomic, morphological and ecological standpoints. Birds, at over 10,000 living species, are the most diverse group of vertebrates besides perciform fish. Using fossil evidence, paleontologists have identified over 500 distinct genera and more than 1,000 different species of non-avian dinosaurs. Dinosaurs are represented on every continent by both extant species and fossil remains. Some are herbivorous, others carnivorous. While dinosaurs were ancestrally bipedal, many extinct groups included quadrupedal species, and some were able to shift between these stances. Elaborate display structures such as horns or crests are common to all dinosaur groups, and some extinct groups developed skeletal modifications such as bony armor and spines. Evidence suggests that egg laying and nest building are additional traits shared by all dinosaurs. While modern birds are generally small due to the constraints of flight, many prehistoric dinosaurs were large-bodied—the largest sauropod dinosaurs may have achieved lengths of 58 meters and heights of 9.25 meters. Still, the idea that non-avian dinosaurs were uniformly gigantic is a misconception based on preservation bias, as large, sturdy bones are more likely to last until they are fossilized. Many dinosaurs were quite small: Xixianykus, for example, was only about 50 cm long.
/m/0fplg	Tompkins County is a county located in the U.S. state of New York, and comprises the whole of the Ithaca metropolitan area. As of the 2010 census, the population was 101,564. The county seat is Ithaca, and the county is home to Cornell University, Ithaca College and Tompkins Cortland Community College. The name is in honor of Daniel D. Tompkins, who served as Governor of New York and Vice President of the United States of America.
/m/01fgks	The Eastern Catholic Churches are autonomous, self-governing particular churches in full communion with the Pope. Together with the Latin Church, they make up the Catholic Church as a whole. They preserve many centuries-old Eastern liturgical, devotional, and theological traditions, shared in most cases with the various other Eastern Christian churches with which they were once associated, such as the Eastern Orthodox Church and Oriental Orthodox Church.\nSome theological issues divide them from their counterparts of similar traditions but not in communion with Rome. Accordingly, they admit members of such churches to the Eucharist and the other sacraments only in the circumstances indicated in canon law.\nHistorically, Eastern Catholic Churches were located in Eastern Europe, the Middle East, North Africa and India. Due to migration they are now also in Western Europe, the Americas and Oceania, where eparchies have been established alongside the Latin dioceses.\nThe terms Byzantine Catholic and Greek Catholic are used of those who belong to Churches that use the Byzantine Rite. The terms Oriental Catholic and Eastern Catholic and Eastern Rite Roman Catholic include these, but are broader, since they also cover Catholics who follow the Alexandrian, Antiochian, Armenian and Chaldean liturgical traditions.
/m/013ybx	Zsa Zsa Gabor is a Hungarian-born American socialite and actress who acted in supporting roles in movies, on Broadway, and occasionally on television.\nShe began her stage career in Vienna and was crowned Miss Hungary in 1936. She emigrated to the United States in 1941 and became a sought-after actress with \"European flair and style\", with a personality that \"exuded charm and grace\". Her first movie role was as supporting actress in Lovely to Look At. She later acted in We're Not Married! and played one of her few leading roles in Moulin Rouge, directed by John Huston, who described her as a \"creditable\" actress. Besides her film and television appearances, she is best known for having nine husbands, including hotel magnate Conrad Hilton and actor George Sanders. She once stated, \"Men have always liked me and I have always liked men. But I like a mannish man, a man who knows how to talk to and treat a woman – not just a man with muscles.\"
/m/05fmy	The Nobel Prize in Chemistry is awarded annually by the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences to scientists in the various fields of chemistry. It is one of the five Nobel Prizes established by the will of Alfred Nobel in 1895, awarded for outstanding contributions in chemistry, physics, literature, peace, and physiology or medicine. This award is administered by the Nobel Foundation and awarded by Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences on proposal of the Nobel Committee for Chemistry which consists of five members elected by Academy. The award is presented in Stockholm at an annual ceremony on December 10, the anniversary of Nobel's death. The first Nobel Prize in Chemistry was awarded in 1901 to Jacobus Henricus van 't Hoff, of the Netherlands, \"for his discovery of the laws of chemical dynamics and osmotic pressure in solutions.\"
/m/07w3r	The University of Tulsa is a private university located in Tulsa, Oklahoma. The university is historically affiliated with the Presbyterian Church. The university offers programs in petroleum engineering, English, computer science, natural sciences, Clinical and Industrial/Organizational Psychology, and engineering disciplines. Its faculty includes the famous Russian poet Yevgeny Yevtushenko, psychologist Robert Hogan, political scientist Robert Donaldson. The campus's design is predominantly English Gothic, and the university manages the Gilcrease Museum, which includes one of the largest collections of American Western art in the world.\nTU's athletic teams compete in Division I of the NCAA as members of the Conference USA and are collectively known as the Tulsa Golden Hurricane.
/m/09v82c0	This is a list of winners and nominees of the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Costumes for a Miniseries, Movie or Special.
/m/01mk6	Czechoslovakia was a sovereign state in Central Europe that existed from October 1918, when it declared its independence from the Austro-Hungarian Empire, until its peaceful dissolution into the Czech Republic and Slovakia on 1 January 1993.\nFrom 1939 to 1945, following its forced division and partial incorporation into Nazi Germany, the state did not de facto exist but its government-in-exile continued to operate. On 29 June 1945, a treaty was signed between Czechoslovakia and the Soviet Union, ceding Carpatho-Ukraine to the USSR.\nFrom 1948 to 1990 Czechoslovakia had a command or planned economy, which was disintegrated on 1 January 1991, removing price controls after a period of preparation.
/m/06wm0z	Zachary David Alexander \"Zac\" Efron is an American actor and singer. He began acting professionally in the early 2000s, and became known as a teen idol after his lead roles in the Disney Channel Original Movie High School Musical, the WB series Summerland, and the 2007 film version of the Broadway musical Hairspray. Efron has since starred in the films 17 Again, Me and Orson Welles, Charlie St. Cloud, New Year's Eve, The Lucky One, and The Lorax.
/m/01r3kd	The Girl Scouts of the United States of America is a youth organization for girls in the United States and American girls living abroad. Founded by Juliette Gordon Low in 1912, it was organized after Low met Robert Baden-Powell, the founder of Scouting, in 1911. Upon returning to Savannah, Georgia, she telephoned a distant cousin, saying, \"I've got something for the girls of Savannah, and all of America, and all the world, and we're going to start it tonight!\"\nGSUSA aims to empower girls and to help teach values such as honesty, fairness, courage, compassion, character, sisterhood, confidence, and citizenship through activities including camping, community service, learning first aid, and earning badges by acquiring practical skills. Girl Scouts' achievements are recognized through rank advancement and by various special awards such as the Girl Scout Bronze, Silver, and Gold Awards.\nMembership is organized according to grade, with activities designed for each level. The GSUSA is a member of the World Association of Girl Guides and Girl Scouts. It accepts girls from any background.\nA 1994 Chronicle of Philanthropy poll showed that the Girl Scouts was ranked by the public as the eighth \"most popular charity/non-profit in America\" of over 100 charities. It describes itself as \"the world's preeminent organization dedicated solely to girls\".
/m/0859_	A wind instrument is a musical instrument that contains some type of resonator, in which a column of air is set into vibration by the player blowing into a mouthpiece set at the end of the resonator. The pitch of the vibration is determined by the length of the tube and by manual modifications of the effective length of the vibrating column of air. In the case of some wind instruments, sound is produced by blowing through a reed; others require buzzing into a metal mouthpiece.
/m/05kms	The oboe is a soprano-ranged, double reed musical instrument of the woodwind family made from a wooden tube roughly 65 cm long, with metal keys, a conical bore and flared bell. Sound is produced by blowing into the reed and vibrating a column of air. The distinctive oboe tone is versatile, and has been described as \"bright\".\nIn English, prior to 1770, the instrument was called the hautbois, hoboy, or French hoboy. The spelling \"oboe\" was adopted into English c. 1770 from the Italian oboè, a transliteration in that language's orthography of the 17th-century pronunciation of the French name. A musician who plays the oboe is called an oboist.
/m/0kpl	Atheism is, in a broad sense, the rejection of belief in the existence of deities. In a narrower sense, atheism is specifically the position that there are no deities. Most inclusively, atheism is the absence of belief that any deities exist. Atheism is contrasted with theism, which in its most general form is the belief that at least one deity exists.\nThe term atheism originated from the Greek ἄθεος, meaning \"without god\", used as a pejorative term applied to those thought to reject the gods worshipped by the larger society. With the spread of freethought, skeptical inquiry, and subsequent increase in criticism of religion, application of the term narrowed in scope. The first individuals to identify themselves using the word \"atheist\" lived in the 18th century.\nArguments for atheism range from the philosophical to social and historical approaches. Rationales for not believing in any supernatural deity include the lack of empirical evidence, the problem of evil, the argument from inconsistent revelations, rejection of concepts which cannot be falsified, and the argument from nonbelief. Although some atheists have adopted secular philosophies, there is no one ideology or set of behaviors to which all atheists adhere. Many atheists hold that atheism is a more parsimonious worldview than theism, and therefore the burden of proof lies not on the atheist to disprove the existence of God, but on the theist to provide a rationale for theism.
/m/01t8399	Richard Hugh \"Ritchie\" Blackmore is a British guitarist and songwriter, who began his professional career as a session musician as a member of the instrumental band The Outlaws and as a backing musician of pop singers Glenda Collins, Heinz, Screaming Lord Sutch, Neil Christian, etc.. Blackmore was also one of the original members of Deep Purple, playing jam-style rock music which mixed simple guitar riffs and organ sounds. During his solo career, he established neo-classical metal band called Rainbow which fused baroque music influences elements with hard rock. However, Rainbow gradually progressed to catchy pop style hard rock. Later in life, he formed the traditional folk rock project Blackmore's Night transitioning to vocalist-centered sounds. Their latest album, Dancer & the Moon, was released on June 2013, which entered at # 189 on USA's Billboard Album Charts.
/m/044pqn	Ajay Devgn is an Indian film actor, director, and producer who has established himself as one of the leading actors of Hindi cinema. Devgan has won numerous awards in his career, including two National Film Awards. He is the son of director and action choreographer Veeru Devgan.\nDevgn began his professional career with Phool Aur Kaante in 1991 and received a Filmfare Award for Best Male Debut for his performance. He then starred in successful films such as Jigar, Dilwale, Suhaag, Naajayaz, Diljale and Ishq. Early in his career he was recognised as an action star. He was quick to break the stereotype by picking a variety of roles that allowed him to experiment with his talent. In 1998, he appeard critically acclaimed performance in Mahesh Bhatt's drama Zakhm and he received his first National Film Award for Best Actor for his role in the movie. In 1999, his most-talked-about film was Hum Dil De Chuke Sanam in which he played Vanraj, a man who tries to unite his wife with her lover.\nIn the early 2000s he starred in Raju Chacha, Lajja and Tera Mera Saath Rahen. In 2002, he gave critically acclaimed performances in Ram Gopal Varma's fictional expose of Mumbai underworld Company. He played the character of a gangster called 'Malik' for which he won Filmfare Critics Award for Best Actor. The same year he gave another critically acclaimed performance in Deewangee for which he received the Filmfare Best Villain Award. In 2003, he won his second National Film Award for Best Actor for his portrayal of Bhagat Singh in Rajkumar Santoshi's biopic The Legend of Bhagat Singh. Throughout his career he has performed in many critically and commercially successful films including Raincoat, Yuva, Apaharan, Omkara, Golmaal: Fun Unlimited, Halla Bol, Golmaal Returns, All the Best: Fun Begins, Once Upon a Time in Mumbaai, Golmaal 3, Raajneeti, Singham, Bol Bachchan Son of Sardaar and now in 2013 in satyagraha. He has starred in more than 80 Hindi films. Having done so, he has established himself as one of the leading actors of Bollywood.
/m/0747k8	Unión Deportiva Las Palmas, S.A.D. is a Spanish football team based in Las Palmas de Gran Canaria, in the autonomous community of Canary Islands. Founded on 22 August 1949 it plays in Segunda División, holding home games at the Estadio de Gran Canaria, with a capacity of 31,250 seats.\nThe club remains the only one in Spanish football to achieve back-to-back promotions to La Liga in its first two seasons. It had a 19-year run in the competition, ending in 1982–83.
/m/07qht4	A teen drama is a type of drama series with a major focus on teenage characters. The genre was relatively non-existent for the first 45 years of television. It came into prominence in the early 1990s, especially with the popularity of the series Beverly Hills, 90210. After the show became a success, television writers and producers realized the potential for this new genre to reach out to a previously ignored demographic. In the past, most series with a focus on teenagers had been sitcoms, while adolescents in drama series were usually part of a larger ensemble that included adults and children.\nTeen dramas, more often than not, have soap opera elements, with one or more ongoing story arcs spanning several episodes. The young characters must deal with the dramatic ups and downs of their friendships and romances while facing an array of issues thought to be typical of adolescence. There have also been many successful teen-based series with major themes of science fiction, fantasy, and action/adventure. Most of these shows have a substantial amount of comic relief.
/m/0x1jc	Great Falls is a city in and the county seat of Cascade County, Montana, United States. The 2011 census estimate put the population at 58,950. The population was 58,505 at the 2010 census. It is the principal city of the Great Falls, Montana Metropolitan Statistical Area, which encompasses all of Cascade County and has a population of 81,723. Great Falls takes its name from the series of five waterfalls in close proximity along the upper Missouri River basin that the Lewis and Clark Expedition had to portage around over a ten mile stretch; the effort required 31 days of arduous labor during the westward leg of their 1805-06 exploration of the Louisiana Purchase and to the Pacific Northwest Coast of the Oregon Country. Each falls sports a hydroelectric dam today, hence Great Falls is nicknamed the Electric city. Currently there are two undeveloped parts of their portage route; these are included within the Great Falls Portage, a National Historic Landmark.\nThe city is home to the C. M. Russell Museum Complex, the University of Great Falls, Montana State University Great Falls - COT, Giant Springs, the Roe River, the Montana School for the Deaf and the Blind, the Great Falls Voyagers minor league baseball team, and Malmstrom Air Force Base. The local newspaper is the Great Falls Tribune. Great Falls was the largest city in Montana from 1950 to 1970 when Billings surpassed Great Falls to become Montana's largest City. Great Falls remained the second largest city in Montana until 2000. In 2000 with the zoning of some surrounding neighborhoods Missoula became the second largest city in Montana by a margin of 363 people. Great Falls remains the third largest City in the state with a metropolitan area population of 81,327.
/m/07h0cl	The AACTA Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role is an award presented by the Australian Academy of Cinema and Television Arts, a non-profit organisation whose aim is to \"to identify, award, promote and celebrate Australia's greatest achievements in film and television.\" The award is presented at the annual AACTA Awards, which hand out accolades for achievements in feature film, television, documentaries and short films. From 1971–2010, the category was presented by the Australian Film Institute, the Academy's parent organisation, at the annual Australian Film Institute Awards. When the AFI launched the Academy in 2011, it changed the annual ceremony to the AACTA Awards, with the current award being a continuum of the AFI Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role.\nIt was presented as a special award, from 1971–1975, and accompanied with a cash prize, before it became a competitive award from 1976, onwards. Judy Davis is the most awarded and nominated actress in this category, with five wins from eight nominations, most recently for her role in The Eye of the Storm.\nCandidates for this award must be human and female, and cannot be nominated for the same role in the supporting actress category.
/m/04y41	Modernism is a philosophical movement that, along with cultural trends and changes, arose from wide-scale and far-reaching transformations in Western society in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. Among the factors that shaped Modernism was the development of modern industrial societies and the rapid growth of cities, followed then by the horror of World War I. Modernism also rejected the certainty of Enlightenment thinking, and many modernists rejected religious belief.\nModernism, in general, includes the activities and creations of those who felt the traditional forms of art, architecture, literature, religious faith, philosophy, social organization, and activities of daily life were becoming outdated in the new economic, social, and political environment of an emerging fully industrialized world. The poet Ezra Pound's 1934 injunction to \"Make it new!\" was the touchstone of the movement's approach towards what it saw as the now obsolete culture of the past. All the same innovations, like the stream-of-consciousness novel, twelve-tone music and abstract art, all had precursors in the 19th century.\nA notable characteristic of Modernism is self-consciousness, which often led to experiments with form, along with the use of techniques that drew attention to the processes and materials used in creating a painting, poem, building, etc. Modernism explicitly rejected the ideology of realism and makes use of the works of the past by the employment of reprise, incorporation, rewriting, recapitulation, revision and parody.
/m/0bwx3	Henry David Thoreau was an American author, naturalist, transcendentalist, tax resister, development critic, surveyor, sage writer and philosopher. He is best known for his book Walden, a reflection upon simple living in natural surroundings, and his essay, Civil Disobedience, an argument for individual resistance to civil government in moral opposition to an unjust state.Thoreau's books, articles, essays, journals, and poetry total over 20 volumes. Among his lasting contributions were his writings on natural history and philosophy, where he anticipated the methods and findings of ecology and environmental history, two sources of modern day environmentalism.He was a lifelong abolitionist, delivering lectures that attacked the Fugitive Slave Law while praising the writings of Wendell Phillips and defending abolitionist John Brown. Thoreau's philosophy of civil disobedience influenced the political thoughts and actions of such later figures as Leo Tolstoy, Mahatma Gandhi, and Martin Luther King, Jr.Thoreau is sometimes cited as an individualist anarchist as well as an inspiration to anarchists. Though Civil Disobedience calls for improving rather than abolishing government: \"I ask for, not at once no government, but at once a better government\" the direction of this improvement aims at anarchism: \"That government is best which governs not at all; and when men are prepared for it, that will be the kind of government which they will have.\"
/m/01mv_n	Paul Winchell was an American ventriloquist, voice actor, comedian, inventor, and humanitarian, whose entertainment career flourished in the 1950s and 1960s.\nFrom 1950-1954, he hosted The Paul Winchell Show, which also used two other titles during its prime time run on NBC, The Speidel Show and What's My Name? From 1965-1968, Winchell hosted the children's television series, Winchell-Mahoney Time. Winchell also made guest appearances on television series such as the role of murder victim Henry Clement in the 1964 Perry Mason episode \"The Case of the Nervous Neighbor\"; and two appearances as Homer Winch on The Beverly Hillbillies in 1962.\nWinchell, who had medical training, was also an inventor, becoming the first person to build and patent a mechanical artificial heart, implantable in the chest cavity. He has been honored with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for his work in television. He is also widely known for being the original voice of Tigger.
/m/01rzqj	Kiefer William Frederick Dempsey George Rufus Sutherland is a Canadian actor, film producer, and film director. He is best known for his portrayal of Jack Bauer on the Fox series 24, for which he won an Emmy Award, a Golden Globe Award, two Screen Actors Guild Awards, and two Satellite Awards. He also starred as Martin Bohm in the Fox drama Touch, and will provide the English voice of Punished Snake in the upcoming video games Metal Gear Solid V: Ground Zeroes, and Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain.
/m/02f4s3	Southern Illinois University is a public research university located in Carbondale, Illinois, United States. Founded in 1869, SIU is the flagship campus of the Southern Illinois University system. The university is known as SIU Carbondale, but colloquially as SIU. SIU's total undergraduate enrollment is around 18,800.\nThe University is categorized as an RU/H Research University in the Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education. SIU is recognized in the U.S. News & World Report rankings as a \"National University,\" that is, a university which grants a variety of doctoral degrees and strongly emphasizes research; SIU's ranking in the 2011 US News ratings is #170. Additionally, the National Science Foundation ranks SIU #101 among public universities in the U.S. for total research and development expenditures, and #142 among all U.S. universities. The University offers more than 200 undergraduate majors, minors, and specializations, 30 doctoral and more than 60 master's degree programs; law and medical degrees.
/m/0473q	Jeffrey \"Jeff\" Lynne is an English songwriter, composer, arranger, singer, multi-instrumentalist and record producer who gained fame as the leader and sole constant member of Electric Light Orchestra. He was later a co-founder and member of the Traveling Wilburys together with George Harrison, Bob Dylan, Roy Orbison and Tom Petty. Lynne has produced recordings for artists such as the Beatles, Paul McCartney, Ringo Starr, Brian Wilson, Randy Newman, Roy Orbison, Dave Edmunds, Del Shannon and Tom Petty. He has co-written songs with Petty and also with George Harrison, whose 1987 album Cloud Nine was co-produced by Lynne and Harrison. Among the many compositions to his credit are such well-known hits as \"Livin' Thing\", \"Evil Woman\", \"Turn to Stone\", \"Do Ya\", \"Strange Magic\", \"Sweet Talkin' Woman\", \"Telephone Line\", \"Mr. Blue Sky\", \"Hold on Tight\", \"Don't Bring Me Down\", \"When We Was Fab\", \"I Won't Back Down\", \"Free Fallin'\", \"Handle with Care\" and \"End of the Line\".\nIn 2008, The Washington Times named Lynne the fourth greatest record producer in music history.
/m/06jnvs	Gregory Martin \"Greg\" Daniels is an American television comedy writer, producer, and director. He is known for his work on several television series, including Saturday Night Live, The Simpsons, King of the Hill and The Office. All four shows were named among Time's James Poniewozik's All Time 100 TV Shows. Daniels attended Harvard University and he became friends with Conan O'Brien. Their first writing credit was for Not Necessarily the News, before they were fired due to budget cuts. He eventually became a writer for two long-running series: Saturday Night Live and The Simpsons.\nHe joined the writing staff of The Simpsons during the fifth season, and he wrote several classic episodes including \"Lisa's Wedding,\" \"Bart Sells His Soul\" and \"22 Short Films About Springfield.\" He left the series in order to co-create another long-running animated series, King of the Hill, with Mike Judge. The series ran for thirteen years before it was cancelled in 2009. During the series run, he worked on several other series, including The Office and Parks and Recreation. Currently, Daniels is working on new shows, and is developing another British adaptation for NBC.
/m/0c5tl	Thomas Hardy, OM was an English novelist and poet. A Victorian realist in the tradition of George Eliot, he was influenced both in his novels and in his poetry by Romanticism, especially William Wordsworth. Charles Dickens was another important influence. Like Dickens, he was highly critical of much in Victorian society, though Hardy focused more on a declining rural society.\nWhile Hardy wrote poetry throughout his life and regarded himself primarily as a poet, his first collection was not published until 1898. Initially, therefore, he gained fame as the author of novels, including Far from the Madding Crowd, The Mayor of Casterbridge, Tess of the d'Urbervilles, and Jude the Obscure. However, beginning in the 1950s Hardy has been recognised as a major poet; he had a significant influence on the Movement poets of the 1950s and 1960s, including Phillip Larkin.\nMost of his fictional works – initially published as serials in magazines – were set in the semi-fictional region of Wessex. They explored tragic characters struggling against their passions and social circumstances. Hardy's Wessex is based on the medieval Anglo-Saxon kingdom and eventually came to include the counties of Dorset, Wiltshire, Somerset, Devon, Hampshire and much of Berkshire, in southwest and south central England.
/m/0425gc	Pohang Steelers is a South Korean professional football club based in Pohang, Gyeongsangbuk-do. They were originally called POSCO, after the Pohang Iron and Steel Company that owned it. The club was founded in 1973 and is one of Korean football's most successful sides.\nThey are the most successful team in Asia with three AFC Champions League titles.
/m/032zq6	What Dreams May Come is a 1998 American drama film, starring Robin Williams, Cuba Gooding, Jr., and Annabella Sciorra. The film is based on the 1978 novel of the same name by Richard Matheson, and was directed by Vincent Ward. The title is from a line in Hamlet's \"To be, or not to be\" soliloquy. Some imagery in the film is based on Inferno, the first part of Dante Alighieri's 14th-century epic poem Divine Comedy. The film suffered at the box office and received mixed reviews but won the Academy Award for Best Visual Effects and the Art Directors Guild Award for Excellence in Production Design. It was also nominated for the Academy Award for Best Art Direction.
/m/0nht0	Chisago County is a county located in the U.S. state of Minnesota. As of the 2010 census, the population was 53,887. Its county seat is Center City. Chisago County's name comes from Chisago Lake.
/m/03cxsvl	Dianna Elise Agron is an American film and television actress, singer, dancer, and a occasional producer, writer, director, model, and photographer. Agron made her debut appearing as Jessica Grant in CSI: NY during 2006. Following this, Agron had minor appearances in films and TV series such as Drake & Josh, Shark, T.K.O., Skid Marks, Dinner with Raphael, and Celebrities Anonymous. From 2006 to 2007, Agron had recurring roles in Veronica Mars as Jenny Budosh, and Heroes as Debbie Marshall. In 2009, Agron was cast as Quinn Fabray on the Fox musical comedy-drama series, Glee. Quinn was introduced as \"terrible, the meanest girl\", as Agron said. Thanks to this role, Agron has won many awards and nominations. Also that year, she branched out into writing and directing with the result being the short film A Fuchsia Elephant, the story about an 18-year-old girl played by Agron who creates an ideal birthday party, however, it was never released.\nIn 2011, Agron co-starred in the films The Hunters and I Am Number Four. Later that year, a concert documentary film of Glee was released, titled Glee: The 3D Concert Movie. In 2013, Agron co-starred as Belle Blake, alongside Robert De Niro, Michelle Pfeiffer, and Tommy Lee Jones in the action crime-comedy film The Family. Agron is set to appear in A Conspiracy on Jekyll Island, Zipper, All Alone, and Pretenders, a film about a love triangle.
/m/049k4w	A right fielder, abbreviated RF, is the outfielder in baseball or softball who plays defense in right field. Right field is the area of the outfield to the right of a person standing at home plate and facing towards the pitcher's mound. In the numbering system used to record defensive plays, the right fielder is assigned the number 9.
/m/0fjcgg	The Tuvalu national football team is the international football team of Tuvalu, which trains at the Tuvalu Sports Ground in Funafuti. Football in Tuvalu is played at club and national team level. The Tuvalu national football team draws from players in the Tuvalu A-Division; with the national team training at the Tuvalu Sports Ground on Funafuti. The national team competes in the Pacific Games and South Pacific Games. The national team is controlled by the Tuvalu National Football Association, which is an associate member of the Oceania Football Confederation but not a member of FIFA.
/m/013l6l	Sioux Falls is the largest city in the US state of South Dakota. It is the county seat of Minnehaha County, and also extends into Lincoln County to the south. It is the 47th fastest growing city in the United States and the fastest growing metro area in South Dakota, with a total increase of 22% since 2000.\nAs of 2013, Sioux Falls had an estimated population of 162,300. The metropolitan population of 237,251 accounts for 29% of South Dakota's population. It is also the primary city of the Sioux Falls-Sioux City Designated Market Area, a larger media market region that covers parts of four states and has a population of 1,043,450. Chartered in 1856 on the banks of the Big Sioux River, the city is situated on the prairie of the Great Plains at the junction of Interstate 90 and Interstate 29.
/m/0djkrp	The History Boys is a 2006 British comedy-drama film adapted by Alan Bennett from his play of the same name, which won the 2005 Olivier Award for Best New Play and the 2006 Tony Award for Best Play. It was directed by Nicholas Hytner, who directed the original production at the Royal National Theatre in London, and features the original cast of the play.\nThe school scenes were filmed in Watford in the two grammar schools, Watford Grammar School for Boys and Watford Grammar School for Girls. The film uses the uniform of Watford Boys. Locations in Elland and Halifax, West Yorkshire are used to create the broader landscape of Sheffield in which the story is set.
/m/01pyw	The Cyrillic script is an alphabetic writing system employed across Eurasia. It is based on the Early Cyrillic, which was developed in the First Bulgarian Empire during the 9th century AD at the Preslav Literary School. It is the basis of alphabets used in various languages, past and present, in parts of the Balkans and Northern Eurasia, especially those of Slavic origin, and non-Slavic languages influenced by Russian. As of 2011 around 252 million people in Eurasia use it as the official alphabet for their national languages. About half of them are in Russia. Cyrillic is one of the most used writing systems in the world.\nCyrillic is derived from the Greek uncial script, augmented by ligatures and consonants from the older Glagolitic alphabet and Old Church Slavonic for sounds not found in Greek. It is named in honor of the two Byzantine brothers, Saints Cyril and Methodius, who created the Glagolitic alphabet earlier on. Modern scholars believe that Cyrillic was developed and formalized by early disciples of Cyril and Methodius.\nWith the accession of Bulgaria to the European Union on 1 January 2007, Cyrillic became the third official script of the European Union, following the Latin and Greek scripts.
/m/0b_yz	Reading is a large town and unitary authority area in the ceremonial county of Berkshire, England. It is located in the Thames Valley at the confluence of the River Thames and River Kennet, and on both the Great Western Main Line railway and the M4 motorway. Reading is located 36 miles east from Swindon, 24 miles south from Oxford, 36 miles west of central London, and 14 miles north from Basingstoke.\nThe Borough of Reading has a population of 145,700 and the town formed the largest part of the Reading/Wokingham Urban Area which had a population of 318,014. The town is currently represented in the UK parliament by two members, and has been continuously represented there since 1295. For ceremonial purposes the town is in the county of Berkshire and has served as its county town since 1867, previously sharing this status with Abingdon-on-Thames.\nThe first evidence for Reading as a settlement dates from the 8th century. Reading was an important centre in the medieval period, as the site of Reading Abbey, a monastery with strong royal connections. The town was seriously impacted by the English Civil War, with a major siege and loss of trade, and played a pivotal role in the Revolution of 1688, with that revolution's only significant military action fought on the streets of the town. The 19th century saw the coming of the Great Western Railway and the development of the town's brewing, baking and seed growing businesses.
/m/0bl1_	Midnight Cowboy is a 1969 American drama film based on the 1965 novel of the same name by James Leo Herlihy. The script was written by Waldo Salt, directed by John Schlesinger, and stars Jon Voight in the title role alongside Dustin Hoffman. Notable smaller roles are filled by Sylvia Miles, John McGiver, Brenda Vaccaro, Bob Balaban, Jennifer Salt and Barnard Hughes; M. Emmet Walsh appears in an uncredited cameo.\nThe film won three Academy Awards: Best Picture, Best Director and Best Adapted Screenplay. To date, it is the only X-rated film ever to win Best Picture. It has since been labeled as one of the greatest American movies of all time.
/m/09pj68	The 63rd Golden Globe Awards, honoring the best in film and television for 2005, were presented on January 16, 2006 at the Beverly Hilton Hotel, in Los Angeles, California.
/m/02rg5rm	Steel Azin Football Club is an Iranian football club based in Tehran, Iran.\nThe club is owned by Hossein Hedayati, owner of Steel Azin Co.\nSteel Azin club also had a volleyball team, sponsored by the same Company, which competed in the Iranian Volleyball Super League.
/m/0166b8	Yunnan is a province of the People's Republic of China, located in the far southwest of the country. It spans approximately 394,000 square kilometres and has a population of 45.7 million. The capital of the province is Kunming, formerly also known as Yunnan. The province borders Burma, Laos and Vietnam.\nYunnan is situated in a mountainous area, with high elevations in the northwest and low elevations in the southeast. Most of the population lives in the eastern part of the province. In the west, the altitude can vary from the mountain peaks to river valleys as much as 3,000 metres. Yunnan is rich in natural resources and has the largest diversity of plant life in China. Of the approximately 30,000 species of higher plants in China, Yunnan has perhaps 17,000 or more. Yunnan's reserves of aluminium, lead, zinc and tin are the largest in China, and there are also major reserves of copper and nickel.\nYunnan became part of the Han Empire during the 2nd century BC. It became the seat of a Tibeto-Burman-speaking kingdom of Nanzhao in the 8th century AD. Nanzhao was multi-ethnic, but the elite most likely spoke a northern dialect of Yi. The Mongols conquered the region in the 13th century, with local control exercised by warlords until the 1930s. As with other parts of China's southwest, Japanese occupation in the north during World War II forced a migration of majority Han people into the region. Ethnic minorities in Yunnan account for about 34 percent of its total population. Major ethnic groups include Yi, Bai, Hani, Zhuang, Dai and Miao.
/m/0n00	Alan Mathison Turing, OBE, FRS was a British mathematician, logician, cryptanalyst, computer scientist and philosopher. He was highly influential in the development of computer science, giving a formalisation of the concepts of \"algorithm\" and \"computation\" with the Turing machine, which can be considered a model of a general purpose computer. Turing is widely considered to be the father of theoretical computer science and artificial intelligence.\nDuring World War II, Turing worked for the Government Code and Cypher School at Bletchley Park, Britain's codebreaking centre. For a time he led Hut 8, the section responsible for German naval cryptanalysis. He devised a number of techniques for breaking German ciphers, including improvements to the pre-war Polish bombe method, an electromechanical machine that could find settings for the Enigma machine.\nAfter the war, he worked at the National Physical Laboratory, where he designed the ACE, among the first designs for a stored-program computer. In 1948 Turing joined Max Newman's Computing Laboratory at Manchester University, where he assisted development of the Manchester computers and became interested in mathematical biology. He wrote a paper on the chemical basis of morphogenesis, and predicted oscillating chemical reactions such as the Belousov–Zhabotinsky reaction, first observed in the 1960s.
/m/01k3qj	Hikaru Utada is a Japanese American singer, songwriter, arranger, and producer. She is known by her stage name Utada in the United States and Europe. Since the release of her Japanese debut album First Love, which went on to become the best-selling album in Oricon history, Utada has had three of her Japanese studio albums in the list of Top 10 best-selling albums ever in Japan and six of her albums charting within the 275 Best-Selling Japanese albums list. Hikaru has had twelve number-one singles on the Oricon Singles chart, with two notable record achievements for a female solo or group artist: five million-sellers and four in the Top 100 All-Time Best-selling Singles. Utada has sold an estimated more than 52 million records worldwide.\nShe was described by Time Magazine as a \"Diva On Campus,\" a reference to her having attended Columbia University for a brief, career-break semester in 2000. In 2009, she was considered \"the most influential artist of the decade\" in the Japanese landscape by The Japan Times.\nAdditionally, Utada is best known in the West for making two theme song contributions to Square Enix and Disney's collaborative video game series Kingdom Hearts: \"Simple and Clean\" for Kingdom Hearts and \"Sanctuary\" for Kingdom Hearts II. In 2007, her single \"Flavor of Life\" reached number 2 in worldwide digital download yearly single chart with over 7.2 million downloads, and contributed to 12 million digital sales for her over the same year.
/m/04pmnt	The New World is a 2005 British-American romantic historical drama film written and directed by Terrence Malick, depicting the founding of the Jamestown, Virginia settlement and inspired by the historical figures Captain John Smith, Pocahontas of the Powatan Indian tribe, and the handsome Englishman, John Rolfe. It is the fourth feature film written and directed by Malick.\nThe cast includes Colin Farrell, Q'orianka Kilcher, Christopher Plummer, Christian Bale, August Schellenberg, Wes Studi, David Thewlis, and Yorick van Wageningen. The production team includes director of photography Emmanuel Lubezki, production designer Jack Fisk, costume designer Jacqueline West, and film editors Richard Chew, Hank Corwin, Saar Klein, and Mark Yoshikawa.\nProduced by Sarah Green, the film received numerous awards and nominations for its cinematography, score, Kilcher's performance, and for overall production. Though it was met with a largely positive critical response, it was a box office disappointment.
/m/0r1jr	San Rafael is a city and the county seat of Marin County, California, United States. The city is located in the North Bay region of the San Francisco Bay Area. As of the 2010 census the city's population at 57,713.
/m/015qy1	Mobile Suit Gundam: Char's Counterattack is a 1988 anime film set in Gundam's Universal Century timeline of Gundam, specifically U.C. 0093.\nMaking its theatrical debut on March 12, 1988, Char's Counterattack is the culmination of the original saga begun in Mobile Suit Gundam and continued through Mobile Suit Zeta Gundam and Mobile Suit Gundam Double Zeta, marking the final conflict of the fourteen-year rivalry between Char Aznable and Amuro Ray. Based on a novel by Gundam creator Yoshiyuki Tomino, the movie supposedly marked the end of tensions between the Earth Federation and the Principality of Zeon.\nIn addition to being the first original Gundam theatrical release, Char's Counterattack was also the first Gundam production to make use of computer graphics during a five-second shot of the Sweetwater colony rotating in space. Char's Counterattack was released in America on DVD on August 20, 2002 and was shown on January 4, 2003 on Cartoon Network's Adult Swim. This airing marked the end of the first incarnation of the Adult Swim Action Saturday night block.
/m/012gbb	Marie Magdalene \"Marlene\" Dietrich was a German-born American actress and singer.\nDietrich remained popular throughout her long career by continually re-inventing herself, professionally and characteristically. In the Berlin of the 1920s, she acted on the stage and in silent films. Her performance as \"Lola-Lola\" in The Blue Angel, directed by Josef von Sternberg, brought her international fame and provided her a contract with Paramount Pictures in the US. Hollywood films such as Shanghai Express and Desire capitalised on her glamour and exotic looks, cementing her stardom and making her one of the highest-paid actresses of the era. Dietrich became a U.S. citizen in 1939, and throughout World War II she was a high-profile frontline entertainer. Although she still made occasional films in the post-war years, Dietrich spent most of the 1950s to the 1970s touring the world as a successful show performer.\nIn 1999, the American Film Institute named Dietrich the ninth-greatest female star of all time.
/m/0345kr	Fat Wreck Chords is a San Francisco, California-based independent record label, focused on punk rock. It was started by Fat Mike and his ex-wife, Erin, in 1990.\nThey have released material for bands such as his own, NOFX, Good Riddance, Descendents, Me First and the Gimme Gimmes, The Loved Ones, Screeching Weasel, Propagandhi, Rise Against, Lagwagon, Strung Out, No Use for a Name, Less Than Jake, Against Me! and Anti-Flag.\nOne somewhat uncommon and defining characteristic of Fat Wreck Chords is that they only sign one-record deals with bands. This allows the bands working with Fat Wreck Chords to have a choice as to if and when they want to put a record out on the label. In some cases, bands have released albums on Fat Wreck Chords but also on other labels. Many bands on this label participated in the campaign Punkvoter, which was started by Fat Mike and attempted to encourage the youth in the U.S. to vote in the 2004 U.S. presidential election for John Kerry and against George W. Bush.\nThe label has never been a member of the Recording Industry Association of America as indicated on the frequently asked questions portion of the label's website:
/m/017vkx	Trevor Charles Horn, CBE is a British pop music record producer, songwriter, musician and singer. His influence on 1980s popular music was such that he has been called \"The Man Who Invented the Eighties\".\nHorn has produced commercially successful songs and albums for numerous British and international artists. He won a Grammy Award for producing \"Kiss from a Rose\" by Seal. As a musician, he has had chart success with the bands The Buggles, Yes and Art of Noise. He also owns a significant stake in the recording company ZTT Records, Sarm Studios and a music publishing company, Perfect Songs. The three are combined under the corporate umbrella of SPZ.
/m/0286vp	I Shot Andy Warhol is a 1996 independent film about the life of Valerie Solanas and her relationship with Andy Warhol. The movie marked the debut of Canadian director Mary Harron. The film stars Lili Taylor as Valerie, Jared Harris as Andy Warhol and Martha Plimpton as Valerie's friend Stevie. Stephen Dorff plays Warhol superstar Candy Darling. John Cale of the Velvet Underground wrote the film's score despite protests from former band member Lou Reed. Yo La Tengo plays an anonymous band that is somewhat reminiscent of the group.\nThe film was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1996 Cannes Film Festival.
/m/0bxl5	The Rhodes piano is an electric piano invented by Harold Rhodes, which became particularly popular throughout the 1970s. It generates sound using keys and hammers in the same manner as an acoustic piano, but the hammers strike pieces of wound metal known as tines, which are then amplified via an electromagnetic pickup.\nThe instrument evolved from Rhodes' attempt to manufacture pianos to teach recovering soldiers during World War II under a strict budget, and development continued throughout the 1940s and 50s. Fender started marketing the Piano Bass, a cut-down version of the piano, but the full-size instrument did not appear until after the sale to CBS in 1965.\nCBS oversaw mass production of the Rhodes piano in the 1970s, and it was used extensively through the decade, particularly in jazz, pop and soul music. It fell out of fashion for a while in the mid-1980s, principally due to the emergence of polyphonic and later digital synthesizers, especially the Yamaha DX7, and partly through an inconsistent quality control in production due to cost-cutting measures. The company was eventually sold to Roland, who manufactured digital versions of the Rhodes without authorisation or approval from its inventor.
/m/09d6p2	The chairman, also known as the chairperson or simply the chair, is the highest officer of an organized group such as a board, a committee, or a deliberative assembly. The person holding the office is typically elected or appointed by the members of the group. The chairman presides over meetings of the assembled group and conducts its business in an orderly fashion. When the group is not in session, the officer's duties often include acting as its head, its representative to the outside world and its spokesperson.
/m/0dqcm	Audrey Hepburn was a British actress and humanitarian. Recognised as a film and fashion icon, Hepburn was active during Hollywood's Golden Age. She was ranked by the American Film Institute as the third greatest female screen legend in the history of American cinema and has been placed in the International Best Dressed List Hall of Fame. She is also regarded by many to be the most naturally beautiful woman of all time.\nBorn in Ixelles, a district of Brussels, Hepburn spent her childhood between Belgium, England and the Netherlands, including German-occupied Arnhem during the Second World War. In Amsterdam, she studied ballet with Sonia Gaskell before moving to London in 1948 to continue her ballet training with Marie Rambert and perform as a chorus girl in West End musical theatre productions.\nAfter appearing in several British films and starring in the 1951 Broadway play Gigi, Hepburn played the Academy Award-winning lead role in Roman Holiday. She went on to star in a number of successful films like Sabrina, The Nun's Story, Breakfast at Tiffany's, Charade, My Fair Lady and Wait Until Dark, for which she received Academy Award, Golden Globe and BAFTA nominations. For her role in Roman Holiday, Hepburn was also the first actress to win an Oscar, a Golden Globe and a BAFTA Award for a single performance in 1954. The same year, she accrued a Tony Award for Best Actress in the Broadway play Ondine. Hepburn remains one of few people who have won Academy, Emmy, Grammy, and Tony Awards. She won a record three BAFTA Awards for Best British Actress in a Leading Role.
/m/043ljr	Rounder Records, originally of Cambridge, Massachusetts, but now based in Burlington, Massachusetts, is an American independent record label, founded in 1970 by Ken Irwin, Bill Nowlin and Marian Leighton-Levy, while all three were university students. It once served as a major distributor and central sales location for other independent labels specializing in roots music, at one point representing as many as 450 other labels. In the 1990s, though, the company cut back on the distribution effort in order to focus on its own productions. In the early 2000s, shortly after the merger of the PolyGram and MCA label families, Rounder signed a manufacturing and distribution deal with Universal Music, which also purchased an interest in the label.\nStarting with blues, blues-rock, string band, and bluegrass, Rounder expanded to over 3,000 titles of folk, soul, soca, Cajun, and Celtic. The name was chosen partly because of its association with the band Holy Modal Rounders. The word rounder also means a hobo or tramp. One of their earliest successes was the blues-rock band George Thorogood and the Destroyers.\nOne of the label's projects is the Alan Lomax Collection, a series of releases of the work of the pioneering ethnomusicologist and folklorist.
/m/0cj8x	Henry Jaynes Fonda was an American film and stage actor.\nFonda made his mark early as a Broadway actor. He also appeared in 1938 in plays performed in White Plains, New York, with Joan Tompkins. He made his Hollywood debut in 1935, and his career gained momentum after his Academy Award-nominated performance as Tom Joad in The Grapes of Wrath, a 1940 adaptation of John Steinbeck's novel about an Oklahoma family who moved west during the Dust Bowl. Throughout six decades in Hollywood, Fonda cultivated a strong, appealing screen image in such classics as The Ox-Bow Incident, Mister Roberts and 12 Angry Men. Later, Fonda moved both toward darker epics as Sergio Leone's Once Upon a Time in the West and lighter roles in family comedies like Yours, Mine and Ours with Lucille Ball and he won the Academy Award for Best Actor at the 54th Academy Awards for the movie On Golden Pond.\nFonda was the patriarch of a family of famous actors, including daughter Jane Fonda, son Peter Fonda, granddaughter Bridget Fonda, and grandson Troy Garity. His family and close friends called him \"Hank\". In 1999, he was named the sixth-Greatest Male Star of All Time by the American Film Institute.
/m/0mkp7	Outagamie is a county in the northeast region of the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of the 2010 census, the population was 176,695. Its county seat is Appleton.\nOutagamie County, along with neighboring Calumet County, forms the Appleton, WI Metropolitan Statistical Area. Outagamie County is also part of the Appleton-Neenah-Oshkosh, WI Combined Statistical Area, along with adjacent Winnebago County.
/m/02bj22	The Santa Clause 2 is a 2002 American romantic comedy-holiday film and the sequel to the 1994 film The Santa Clause. It was filmed in the Canadian cities of Vancouver and Calgary. All the principal actors from the first film reprise their roles, except for Peter Boyle, who returns portraying a different minor character. According to Box Office Mojo, the film cost around $65 million to make and had domestic box office receipts approaching $139 million. The film was followed by a sequel, The Santa Clause 3: The Escape Clause, made in 2006.
/m/053rd	Mining is the extraction of valuable minerals or other geological materials from the earth from an orebody, lode, vein, seam, or reef, which forms the mineralized package of economic interest to the miner.\nOres recovered by mining include metals, coal and oil shale, gemstones, limestone, and dimension stone, rock salt and potash, gravel, and clay. Mining is required to obtain any material that cannot be grown through agricultural processes, or created artificially in a laboratory or factory. Mining in a wider sense includes extraction of any non-renewable resource such as petroleum, natural gas, or even water.\nMining of stone and metal has been done since pre-historic times. Modern mining processes involve prospecting for ore bodies, analysis of the profit potential of a proposed mine, extraction of the desired materials, and final reclamation of the land after the mine is closed.\nThe nature of mining processes creates a potential negative impact on the environment both during the mining operations and for years after the mine is closed. This impact has led most of the world's nations to adopt regulations designed to moderate the negative effects of mining operations. Safety has long been a concern as well, and modern practices have improved safety in mines significantly.
/m/01vrnsk	Ringo Starr MBE is an English musician, singer, songwriter and actor who gained worldwide fame as the drummer for the Beatles. On most of the band's albums, he sang lead vocals for one song, including \"With a Little Help from My Friends\", \"Yellow Submarine\" and their cover of \"Act Naturally\". He also wrote the Beatles' songs \"Don't Pass Me By\" and \"Octopus's Garden\", and is credited as a co-writer of others, such as \"What Goes On\" and \"Flying\".\nStarr was twice afflicted by life-threatening illnesses during his childhood, and as a result of prolonged hospitalisations, fell behind scholastically. In 1955, he entered the workforce and briefly held a position with British Rail before securing an apprenticeship at a Liverpool equipment manufacturer. Soon afterwards, he became interested in the UK skiffle craze, developing a fervent admiration for the genre. In 1957, he cofounded his first band, the Eddie Clayton Skiffle Group, and they earned several prestigious local bookings before the fad succumbed to American rock and roll by early 1958.\nWhen the Beatles formed in 1960, Starr was a member of another Liverpool group, Rory Storm and the Hurricanes. After achieving moderate success with them in the UK and Hamburg, he quit the Hurricanes and joined the Beatles in August 1962, replacing Pete Best. Starr played key roles in the Beatles' films and appeared in numerous others. After their break-up in 1970, he released several successful singles including the US number four hit \"It Don't Come Easy\", and the US number ones \"Photograph\" and \"You're Sixteen\". In 1972, he released his most successful UK single, \"Back Off Boogaloo\", which peaked at number two. He achieved commercial and critical success with his 1973 album Ringo, which was a top ten release in both the UK and the US. Although he continued to record and remained a familiar celebrity presence, by 1975 his solo career had diminished in importance. He has been featured in a number of documentaries, hosted television shows, narrated the first two seasons of the children's television series Thomas & Friends and portrayed \"Mr Conductor\" during the first season of the PBS children's television series Shining Time Station. Since 1989, he has successfully toured with twelve variations of Ringo Starr & His All-Starr Band.
/m/01s695	The 42nd Annual Grammy Awards were held on February 23, 2000 at Staples Center, Los Angeles. Santana was the main recipient with eight Grammys, tying Michael Jackson's record for most awards won in a single night. Santana's album Supernatural was awarded a total of nine awards.\nThe green Versace dress of Jennifer Lopez was the subject of much media attention following the awards. Christina Aguilera became the second youngest artist to win a Grammy Award at 19 years and 2 months old. She is also the youngest Latina to win a Grammy.
/m/01v9b1	The Royal Naval Air Service was the air arm of the Royal Navy, under the direction of the Admiralty's Air Department, and existed formally from 1 July 1914 to 1 April 1918, when it was merged with the British Army's Royal Flying Corps to form a new service, the Royal Air Force, the first of its kind in the world.\nDuring its first year it continued to be the Naval Wing of the joint Royal Flying Corps, but was administrated by the Admiralty's new Air Department, but on 1 August 1915 the RFC became the flying branch of the British Army while the RNAS became \"an integral part of the Royal Navy\".
/m/02qcr	Eyes Wide Shut is a 1999 American drama film based upon Arthur Schnitzler's 1926 novella Dream Story. The film was directed, produced, and co-written by Stanley Kubrick. It was his final film, as he died five days after showing Warner Bros. his final cut. The story, set in and around New York City, follows the sexually charged adventures of Dr. Bill Harford, who is shocked when his wife, Alice, reveals that she had contemplated an affair a year earlier. He embarks on a night-long adventure, during which he infiltrates a massive masked orgy of an unnamed secret society.\nKubrick obtained the filming rights for Dream Story in the 1960s, considering it a perfect novel to adapt on a film about sexual relations. The project was only revived in the 1990s, when the director hired writer Frederic Raphael to help him with the adaptation. The film was wholly shot in the United Kingdom, including a recreation of Greenwich Village at Pinewood Studios, and had a long production, which holds the Guinness World Record for the longest constant film shoot at 400 days.\nEyes Wide Shut was released on July 16, 1999, a few months following Kubrick's death, to positive critical reaction and intakes of $162 million at the worldwide box office. Its strong sexual content also made it controversial; to ensure a theatrical R rating in the United States, its distributor Warner Bros. digitally altered several scenes during post-production. The uncut version has since been released on DVD.
/m/0gn30	Sylvester Gardenzio Stallone, nicknamed Sly Stallone, is an American actor, screenwriter and film director. Stallone is well known for his Hollywood action roles. Two notable characters he has portrayed are the boxer Rocky Balboa and soldier John Rambo. He wrote every episode of the two eponymous franchises, and directed some of their installments as well.\nStallone's film Rocky was inducted into the National Film Registry as well as having its film props placed in the Smithsonian Museum. Stallone's use of the front entrance to the Philadelphia Museum of Art in the Rocky series led the area to be nicknamed the Rocky Steps. Philadelphia has a statue of his Rocky character placed permanently near the museum. It was announced on December 7, 2010 that Stallone was voted into boxing's Hall of Fame.\nHe has been nominated for two Academy Awards for Rocky, Best Original Screenplay and Best Actor. He is the third man in history to receive these two nominations for the same film, after Charles Chaplin and Orson Welles.
/m/03sxd2	Summer of Sam is a 1999 American crime thriller film based around the Son of Sam serial murders. It was directed and produced by Spike Lee and stars John Leguizamo, Adrien Brody, Mira Sorvino, and Jennifer Esposito.
/m/01r3y2	Miami University is a coeducational public research university located in Oxford, Ohio, United States. Founded in 1809, although classes were not held until 1824, it is the 10th oldest public university in the United States and the second oldest university in Ohio, founded four years after Ohio University. In its 2014 edition, U.S. News & World Report ranked the university 75th among national universities, and 3rd for best undergraduate teaching at national universities, behind only Dartmouth and Princeton and tied with the College of William and Mary. Forbes also ranked Miami University as 31st among U.S. public universities and first among public universities within Ohio. Miami has been labeled one of the \"Public Ivies,\" a publicly funded university considered as providing a quality of education comparable to those of the Ivy League.
/m/01fqm	Baghdad is the capital of the Republic of Iraq, as well as the coterminous Baghdad Province. The population of Baghdad, as of 2011, is approximately 7,216,040, making it the largest city in Iraq, the second largest city in the Arab world, and the second largest city in Western Asia. According to the government, which is preparing for a census, the population of the country has reached 35 million, with 9 million in the capital.\nLocated along the Tigris River, the city was founded in the 8th century and became the capital of the Abbasid Caliphate. Within a short time of its inception, Baghdad evolved into a significant cultural, commercial, and intellectual center for the Islamic world. This, in addition to housing several key academic institutions, garnered the city a worldwide reputation as the \"Center of Learning\". Throughout the High Middle Ages, Baghdad was considered to be the largest city in the world with an estimated population of 1,200,000 people. The city was largely destroyed at the hands of the Mongol Empire in 1258, resulting in a decline that would linger through many centuries due to frequent plagues and multiple successive empires. With the recognition of Iraq as an independent state in 1938, Baghdad gradually regained some of its former prominence as a significant center of Arab culture.
/m/01846t	John Rhys-Davies is a Welsh actor and voice actor. He is perhaps best known for playing the dwarf Gimli in The Lord of the Rings trilogy and the charismatic Arab excavator Sallah in the Indiana Jones films. He also played Agent Michael Malone in the 1993 remake of the 1950s television series The Untouchables, Pilot Vasco Rodrigues in the mini-series Shōgun, Professor Maximillian Arturo in Sliders, King Richard I in Robin of Sherwood, General Leonid Pushkin in the James Bond film The Living Daylights, and Macro in I, Claudius. Additionally, he provided the voices of Cassim in Disney's Aladdin and the King of Thieves, Man Ray in SpongeBob SquarePants, and Tobias in the computer game Freelancer.
/m/021bmf	The Jew's harp, aka jaw harp, aka mouth harp, aka Ozark harp, aka trump, aka juice harp, is a lamellophone instrument, which is in the category of plucked idiophones: it consists of a flexible metal or bamboo tongue or reed attached to a frame. The tongue/reed is placed in the performer's mouth and plucked with the finger to produce a note.
/m/02pb53	Robert Klein is an American stand-up comedian, singer and actor.
/m/0173b0	Glam metal is a subgenre of hard rock and heavy metal. It combines elements of these genres with punk rock and pop music, adding catchy hooks and guitar riffs, while borrowing from the aesthetic of 1970s glam rock.\nIt arose in the late 1970s and early 1980s in the United States, particularly on the Los Angeles Sunset Strip music scene, pioneered by bands such as Kix, Hanoi Rocks, Mötley Crüe and Quiet Riot. It was popular throughout the 1980s and the beginning of the 1990s, bringing to prominence bands including Poison, Cinderella and Bon Jovi.\nThe genre rapidly lost mainstream interest from 1992 to 1994 with the rise of grunge and the release of albums such as Nirvana's Nevermind, but it has enjoyed something of a revival since the beginning of the new millennium with reunions of many popular acts from the genre`s 1980s heyday, as well as the retro styling of new bands including The Darkness and Steel Panther.
/m/02fx3c	Damian Watcyn Lewis is an English actor and producer. He is best known for portraying Marine Sergeant Nicholas Brody in the Showtime series Homeland, which earned him an Emmy and a Golden Globe. He also played Soames Forsyte in the ITV remake of The Forsyte Saga, Detective Charlie Crews in the NBC drama Life, and Major Richard Winters in the HBO miniseries Band of Brothers.
/m/01hrqc	John Michael Stipe is an American singer, lyricist, film producer and visual artist. He was the lead vocalist of the alternative rock band R.E.M. from their formation in 1980 until their dissolution in 2011.\nStipe is noted and occasionally parodied for the \"mumbling\" style of his early career as well as his social and political activism. He was in charge of R.E.M.'s visual image, often selecting album artwork and directing many of the band's music videos. Outside the music industry, he runs his own film production companies: C-00 and Single Cell Pictures.
/m/0jk_8	Hebei is a province of the People's Republic of China in the North China region. Its one-character abbreviation is \"冀\", named after Ji Province, a Han Dynasty province that included what is now southern Hebei. The name Hebei means \"north of the river\", referring to its location entirely to the north of the Yellow River.\nHebei was formed in 1928 after the central government dissolved the province of Chih-li, which means \"Directly Ruled\".\nBeijing and Tianjin Municipalities, which border each other, were carved out of Hebei. The province borders Liaoning to the northeast, Inner Mongolia to the north, Shanxi to the west, Henan to the south, and Shandong to the southeast. Bohai Bay of the Yellow Sea is to the east. A small part of Hebei, an exclave disjointed from the rest of the province, is wedged between the municipalities of Beijing and Tianjin.\nA common alternate name for Hebei is Yānzhào, after the state of Yan and state of Zhao that existed here during the Warring States period of early Chinese history.
/m/0k_mf	Northridge is a neighborhood of Los Angeles, California in the San Fernando Valley. It is the home of California State University, Northridge, as well as eleven public and eight private schools.\nOriginally named Zelzah, the community was renamed North Los Angeles in 1929 to emphasize its closeness to the booming city. This created confusion with Los Angeles and North Hollywood. At the suggestion of a civic leader, the community was renamed Northridge in 1938. Northridge can trace its history back to the Gabrielino people and to Spanish explorers. Its territory was later sold by the Mexican governor to Eulogio de Celis, whose heirs divided it for sale.\nThe area has been the home of notable people, and it has notable attractions and points of interest. Residents have access to a municipal recreation center and a public swimming pool.
/m/018jn4	Hiroshima Prefecture is a prefecture of Japan located in the Chūgoku region on Honshu island. The capital is the city of Hiroshima. It has a population of around 2.9 million.
/m/0dwxr	The modern pentathlon is an Olympic sport that comprises five events: fencing, 200 m freestyle swimming, show jumping, and a final combined event of pistol shooting, and a 3200 m cross-country run. The sport has been a core sport of the Olympic Games since 1912, and since 1949 an annual World Championship has been held.\nOriginally the competition took place over four or five days; however in 1996 a one-day format was adopted in an effort to be more audience-friendly. However, modern Pentathlon, despite its long Olympic history, has had to justify its inclusion in the modern Olympic Games on frequent occasions. On February 11, 2013 in Lausanne, the IOC confirmed Modern Pentathlon once again as one of the 25 core sports of the Olympic program through until 2020. The governing body, UIPM, administers the international sport in more than 90 countries in all the continents of the world.
/m/0ms6_	Collin County is a county located in the U.S. state of Texas. As of the 2010 United States Census, the county's population was 782,341. Its seat is McKinney.\nCollin County is part of the Dallas/Fort Worth Metroplex. A small portion of the city of Dallas is located in the county. Other important cities in the county include Allen, Frisco, McKinney, Murphy, Plano, Richardson and Wylie.
/m/0k_mt	Rainer Werner Fassbinder was a German film director, screenwriter, and actor. He is one of the most important figures in the New German Cinema.\nFassbinder maintained a frenetic pace in filmmaking. In a professional career that lasted fewer than fifteen years, he completed 40 feature length films; two television film series; three short films; four video productions; twenty-four stage plays and four radio plays; and 36 acting roles in his own and others’ films. He also worked as an actor, author, cameraman, composer, designer, editor, producer and theater manager.\nUnderlying Fassbinder's work was a desire to provoke and disturb. His phenomenal creative energy, when working, coexisted with a wild, self-destructive libertinism that earned him a reputation as the enfant terrible of the New German Cinema, as well as being its central figure. He had tortured personal relationships with the actors and technicians around him who formed a surrogate family. However, his pictures demonstrate his deep sensitivity to social outsiders and his hatred of institutionalized violence. He ruthlessly attacked both German bourgeois society and the larger limitations of humanity.
/m/09nzn6	Enosis Neon Paralimni is a Cypriot football team from Paralimni. Currently playing in the first division, it holds home games at the Paralimni Municipal Stadium \"Tasos Marcou\", which holds 5,800 people.
/m/03ctqqf	Cranford is a British television series directed by Simon Curtis and Steve Hudson. The teleplay by Heidi Thomas was adapted from three novellas by Elizabeth Gaskell published between 1849 and 1858: Cranford, My Lady Ludlow, and Mr Harrison's Confessions.\nThe series was transmitted in five parts in the UK by BBC One in November and December 2007. In the United States, it was broadcast in three episodes by PBS as part of its Masterpiece Theatre series in May 2008.\nCranford returned with a two-part Christmas special Return to Cranford in 2009.
/m/04rv_6	The Nintendo Entertainment Analysis & Development division is the largest division inside Nintendo. It was preceded by the Creative Department, a team of designers with an art background responsible for many different tasks, to which Shigeru Miyamoto and Takashi Tezuka originally belonged. Both developers currently serve as managers of the EAD studios and are credited in each game developed by the division, with varying degrees of involvement. EAD is best known for its work on games in the Mario, Animal Crossing, The Legend of Zelda, F-Zero, Star Fox, and Pikmin franchises.\nNintendo EAD is split into three different departments: the Kyoto Software Development Department, which is split into five separate groups; the Tokyo Software Development Department, which is split into two separate groups; and the Technology Development Department which is split into two separate teams in Kyoto. All of these groups work concurrently on different projects.
/m/03_0p	Isaac Stern was a Soviet-born violinist and conductor. He was renowned for his recordings and for discovering new musical talent.
/m/05hdf	Nastassja Kinski is a German actress and former model who has appeared in more than sixty films in Europe and the United States.\nKinski's starring roles include the title character in Tess, for which she won a Golden Globe Award, and her role in Paris, Texas, which won numerous awards. It is one of a number of films she made with German director Wim Wenders. The daughter of the actor Klaus Kinski, she began her career as a model.
/m/0np52	Sedgwick County is a county located in the U.S. state of Kansas. The county's population was 498,365 for the 2010 census. The largest city and county seat is Wichita. Sedgwick County is part of the Wichita metropolitan area.
/m/057_yx	Kevin Dunn is an American actor who has appeared in supporting roles in a number of films since the 1980s. His roles include Colonel Hicks in the 1998 version of Godzilla, Sam Witwicky's father, Ron in Transformers, and Oscar Galvin in the 2010 action thriller Unstoppable.
/m/048htn	Unfaithful is a 2002 American erotic thriller drama film directed by Adrian Lyne and starring Richard Gere, Diane Lane, and Olivier Martinez. It was adapted by Alvin Sargent and William Broyles Jr. from the French film The Unfaithful Wife by the noted director Claude Chabrol. It tells about a couple living in suburban New York City whose marriage goes dangerously awry when the wife indulges in an adulterous fling with a stranger she encounters by chance in Manhattan.\nThe production was unusual for its demanding and extended sex scenes shot through smoke. Lyne shot a total of five endings, based on his experience with the controversial content of Fatal Attraction.\nUnfaithful grossed $52 million in North America and a total of $119 million worldwide. Despite mixed reviews overall, Lane received much praise for her performance. She won awards for best actress from the National Society of Film Critics and New York Film Critics, and was nominated for a Golden Globe and an Academy Award for Best Actress.
/m/04ch23	Girish Raghunath Karnad is a contemporary writer, playwright, screenwriter, actor and movie director in Kannada language. His rise as a playwright in 1960s, marked the coming of age of Modern Indian playwriting in Kannada, just as Badal Sarkar did in Bengali, Vijay Tendulkar in Marathi, and Mohan Rakesh in Hindi. He is a recipient of the 1998 Jnanpith Award, the highest literary honour conferred in India.\nFor four decades Karnad has been composing plays, often using history and mythology to tackle contemporary issues. He has translated his plays into English and has received acclaim. His plays have been translated into some Indian languages and directed by directors like Ebrahim Alkazi, B. V. Karanth, Alyque Padamsee, Prasanna, Arvind Gaur, Satyadev Dubey, Vijaya Mehta, Shyamanand Jalan and Amal Allana. He is active in the world of Indian cinema working as an actor, director, and screenwriter, in Hindi and Kannada flicks, earning awards along the way. He was conferred Padma Shri and Padma Bhushan by the Government of India and won four Filmfare Awards where three are Filmfare Award for Best Director - Kannada and one Filmfare Best Screenplay Award.
/m/01w60_p	Riley B. King, known by the stage name B.B. King, is an American blues musician, singer, songwriter, and guitarist.\nRolling Stone magazine ranked him at No. 6 on its 2011 list of the 100 greatest guitarists of all time, and he was ranked No. 17 in Gibson's \"Top 50 Guitarists of All Time\". According to Edward M. Komara, King \"introduced a sophisticated style of soloing based on fluid string bending and shimmering vibrato that would influence virtually every electric blues guitarist that followed.\" King was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987. He is considered one of the most influential blues musicians of all time, earning the nickname \"The King of Blues\", and one of the \"Three Kings of the Blues Guitar\". King is also known for performing tirelessly throughout his musical career appearing at 250-300 concerts per year until his seventies. In 1956 it was noted that he appeared at 342 shows. King continues to appear at 100 shows a year.\nOver the years, King has developed one of the world's most identifiable guitar styles. He borrowed from Blind Lemon Jefferson, T-Bone Walker and others, integrating his precise and complex vocal-like string bends and his left hand vibrato, both of which have become indispensable components of rock guitarists' vocabulary. His economy and phrasing has been a model for thousands of players. King has mixed blues, jazz, swing, mainstream pop and jump into a unique sound. In King's words, \"When I sing, I play in my mind; the minute I stop singing orally, I start to sing by playing Lucille.\"
/m/0fxmbn	The Man with the Golden Gun is the ninth spy film in the James Bond series and the second to star Roger Moore as the fictional MI6 agent James Bond. A loose adaptation of Ian Fleming's novel of same name, the film has Bond sent after the Solex Agitator, a device that can harness the power of the sun, while facing the assassin Francisco Scaramanga, the \"Man with the Golden Gun\". The action culminates in a duel between them that settles the fate of the Solex.\nThe Man with the Golden Gun was the fourth and final film in the series directed by Guy Hamilton. The script was written by Richard Maibaum and Tom Mankiewicz. The film was set in the face of the 1973 energy crisis, a dominant theme in the script—Britain had still not yet fully overcome the crisis when the film was released in December 1974. The film also reflects the then-popular martial arts film craze, with several kung-fu scenes and a predominantly Asian location, being shot in Thailand, Hong Kong, and Macau.\nThe film saw mixed reviews, with Christopher Lee's performance as Scaramanga, intended to be a villain of similar skill and ability to Bond, being praised; but reviewers criticised the film as a whole, particularly the comedic approach, and some critics described it as the lowest point in the canon. Although the film was profitable, it is the fourth-lowest-grossing Bond film in the series. It was also the final film to be co-produced by Albert R. Broccoli and Harry Saltzman, with Saltzman selling his 50% stake in Danjaq, LLC, the parent company of Eon Productions, after the release of the film.
/m/01swdw	Hudson Soft Co., Ltd, commonly known by its brand name Hudson, was a Japanese video game publisher. It was headquartered in the Midtown Tower in Tokyo Midtown, Akasaka, Minato, Tokyo, Japan, with an additional office in the Hudson Building in Sapporo.\nHudson Soft was founded on May 18, 1973. Initially, it dealt with personal computer products, but later expanded to the development and publishing of video games, mobile content, video game peripherals and music recording.\nHudson is best known for developing game series such as Bomberman, Adventure Island, and Bonk's Adventure.\nHudson Soft ceased to exist as a company on March 1, 2012 and was merged with Konami Digital Entertainment. Products and services will continue to be provided under the Hudson brand through Konami.
/m/06hzsx	William H. Daniels, A.S.C. was a film cinematographer who was Greta Garbo's personal lensman. Early in his career he worked regularly with director Erich von Stroheim. He is not to be confused with the stage and TV actor of the same name.
/m/0639z0	The Mission Revival Style was an architectural movement that began in the late 19th century for a colonial style's revivalism and reinterpretation, which drew inspiration from the late 18th and early 19th century Spanish missions in California.\nThe Mission Revival movement enjoyed its greatest popularity between 1890 and 1915, through numerous residential, commercial, and institutional structures, particularly with schools and railroad depots, that used this easily recognizable architectural style. It evolved into and was subsumed by the more articulated Spanish Colonial Revival Style, established in 1915 at the Panama–California Exposition.
/m/01yb09	Richard Jay Potash, better known by the stage name Ricky Jay, is an American stage magician, actor, and writer. He is a sleight-of-hand expert and is notable for his card tricks, card throwing, memory feats, and stage patter. As an actor, he is known for his roles in the films Heist, Boogie Nights, and Magnolia, as well as on the acclaimed HBO series Deadwood.
/m/01hqk	Batman & Robin is a 1997 American superhero film based on the DC Comics character Batman. It is the fourth and final film of Warner Bros.' initial Batman film series. The film was directed by Joel Schumacher and written by Akiva Goldsman. It stars George Clooney, Chris O'Donnell, Arnold Schwarzenegger, Uma Thurman, as well as Alicia Silverstone. Batman & Robin tells the story of the Dynamic Duo as they attempt to prevent Mr. Freeze and Poison Ivy from freezing all mankind to death and repopulating the earth with mutant plants, while at the same time struggling to keep their partnership together. This is also the only film appearance of Batgirl, who unexpectedly helps the title characters defeat the antagonists in the end, including Bane.\nDevelopment for Batman & Robin began following the box office success of the previous film, Batman Forever. Warner Bros. commissioned the film for a June 1997 release. Schumacher and Goldsman conceived the film's plotline during pre-production on A Time to Kill. Principal photography began in September 1996 and finished in January 1997, two weeks ahead of the shooting schedule.\nBatman & Robin was released on June 20, 1997 to a number of negative reviews and is often regarded as one of the worst films ever made. Subsequently, Warner Bros. cancelled the unproduced Batman Triumphant and the film series was eventually rebooted with Batman Begins by director Christopher Nolan. The song made for the film, \"The End Is the Beginning Is the End\" by The Smashing Pumpkins, won a Grammy Award for Best Hard Rock Performance at the 40th Grammy Awards.
/m/098sx	Philip Pullman CBE, FRSL is a British writer. He is the author of several best-selling books, most notably the fantasy trilogy His Dark Materials and the fictionalised biography of Jesus, The Good Man Jesus and the Scoundrel Christ. In 2008, The Times named Pullman one of the \"50 greatest British writers since 1945\".\nNorthern Lights, the first book of the His Dark Materials trilogy, won the 1995 Carnegie Medal from the Library Association, recognising the year's outstanding English-language children's book. For the 70th anniversary of the Medal it was named one of the top ten winning works by a panel, composing the ballot for a public election of the all-time favourite. Northern Lights won the public vote from that shortlist and was thus named the all-time \"Carnegie of Carnegies\" on 21 June 2007. It has been adapted as a film under its U.S. title, The Golden Compass.
/m/0277c3	Meshell Ndegeocello is an American singer-songwriter, rapper, bassist, and vocalist. Her music incorporates a wide variety of influences, including funk, soul, hip hop, reggae, R&B, rock, and jazz. She has received significant critical acclaim throughout her career, and has had ten career Grammy Award nominations. She has been credited for having \"sparked the neo-soul movement.\"
/m/097ns	Cirrhosis is a result of advanced liver disease. It is characterized by replacement of liver tissue by fibrosis and regenerative nodules. These changes lead to loss of liver function. Cirrhosis is most commonly caused by alcoholism, hepatitis B and hepatitis C, and fatty liver disease, but has many other possible causes. Some cases are idiopathic.\nAscites is the most common complication of cirrhosis. It is associated with a poor quality of life, increased risk of infection, and a poor long-term outcome. Other potentially life-threatening complications are hepatic encephalopathy and bleeding from esophageal varices. Cirrhosis is irreversible, and treatment usually focuses on preventing progression and complications. In advanced stages of cirrhosis the only option is a liver transplant.
/m/0fm3h2	The Goya Award for Best Actor is one of the Goya Awards, Spain's principal national film awards.\nIn the list below the winner of the award for each year is shown first, followed by the other nominees.
/m/09p30_	The 60th Golden Globe Awards, honoring the best in film and television for 2002, were held on January 19, 2003 in the Beverly Hilton Hotel, Beverly Hills, California.
/m/01hbq0	Robert Francis Vaughn is an American actor noted for his stage, film and television work. His best-known TV roles include the suave spy Napoleon Solo in the 1960s series The Man from U.N.C.L.E. and the wealthy detective Harry Rule in the 1970s series The Protectors. In film, he portrayed one of the title characters in The Magnificent Seven and Major Paul Krueger in The Bridge at Remagen, and provided the voice of Proteus IV, the computer villain of Demon Seed.\nAs grifter and card sharp Albert Stroller, Vaughn appeared in all but one of the 48 episodes of the British television drama series Hustle. From January to February 2012, he appeared in the long-running British soap opera Coronation Street as Milton Fanshaw, character Sylvia Goodwin's new love interest.
/m/012s5j	Raquel Welch is an American actress and sex symbol. She first won attention for her role in Fantastic Voyage, after which she won a contract with 20th Century Fox. They loaned her to a British studio where she made One Million Years B.C.. Although she had only three lines in the film, the doe-skin bikini she wore became a best-selling poster that turned her into an iconic sex symbol and catapulted her to stardom. She later starred in notable films like Bedazzled, Bandolero!, 100 Rifles and Myra Breckinridge. She made several television variety specials. Welch is, as of 2013, a spokesperson for Foster Grant.
/m/03lty	Heavy metal is a genre of rock music that developed in the late 1960s and early 1970s, largely in the United Kingdom and the United States. With roots in blues rock and psychedelic rock, the bands that created heavy metal developed a thick, massive sound, characterized by highly amplified distortion, extended guitar solos, emphatic beats, and overall loudness. Heavy metal lyrics and performance styles are often associated with masculinity, aggression and machismo.\nThe first heavy metal bands such as Led Zeppelin, Deep Purple and Black Sabbath attracted large audiences, though they were often derided by critics, a status common throughout the history of the genre. In the mid-1970s Judas Priest helped spur the genre's evolution by discarding much of its blues influence; Motörhead introduced a punk rock sensibility and an increasing emphasis on speed. Bands in the New Wave of British Heavy Metal such as Iron Maiden and Saxon followed in a similar vein. Before the end of the decade, heavy metal fans became known as \"metalheads\" or \"headbangers\".\nDuring the 1980s, glam metal became a commercial force with groups like Mötley Crüe and Poison. Underground scenes produced an array of more extreme, aggressive styles: thrash metal broke into the mainstream with bands such as Metallica, Megadeth, Slayer, and Anthrax, while other styles of the most extreme subgenres of metal like death metal and black metal remain subcultural phenomena. Since the mid-1990s, popular styles such as groove metal which blends extreme metal with hardcore punk, and nu metal, which often incorporates elements of grunge and hip hop; and metalcore have further expanded the definition of the genre.
/m/0gq9h	The Academy Award for Best Picture is one of the Academy Awards of Merit presented annually by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences to producers working in the film industry and is the only category in which every member is eligible to submit a nomination. Best Picture is considered the most important of the Academy Awards, as it represents all the directing, acting, music composing, writing, editing and other efforts put forth into a film. Consequently, Best Picture is the final award and the conclusion of the annual Academy Awards ceremony. The Grand Staircase columns at the Dolby Theatre in Los Angeles, where the Academy Awards ceremonies have been held since 2002, showcase every film that has won the Best Picture title since the award's inception. As of the 86th Academy Awards nominations, there have been 512 films nominated for the Best Picture award.
/m/0329qp	The Bulgaria national football team is an association football team fielded by the Bulgarian Football Union, a member association of UEFA.\nThe team's home ground is Vasil Levski National Stadium in Sofia and Lyuboslav Penev is the current manager. Their best World Cup performance was in the 1994 World Cup in the United States, where they beat defending champions Germany to reach the semi-finals, losing to Italy and eventually finishing in the fourth position. Although defeating strong top ranked teams in international friendlies throughout the years, the team's strength has diminished slowly, failing to qualify for any major tournament since UEFA Euro 2004.
/m/01k1k4	Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me is a 1999 action comedy film and the second film in the Austin Powers series. It is preceded by the original film, Austin Powers: International Man of Mystery and followed by Austin Powers in Goldmember. The film was directed by Jay Roach, co-written by Mike Myers and screenwriter Michael McCullers, and once again stars Myers as the title character. Myers also plays Dr. Evil and Fat Bastard.\nThe film's title is a play on the 1977 Bond film The Spy Who Loved Me and contains plot elements from The Pink Panther Strikes Again and the other James Bond films, Diamonds Are Forever, You Only Live Twice, Moonraker, The Man with the Golden Gun and On Her Majesty's Secret Service.\nThe film grossed around US$310 million in worldwide ticket sales, taking more money during its opening weekend than the entire box office proceeds of its predecessor. It was nominated at the 72nd Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Makeup.
/m/01th4s	Mute is a British record label. It was founded in 1978 by Daniel Miller and featured several prominent musical acts on its roster such as Depeche Mode, Erasure, Fad Gadget, Goldfrapp, Grinderman, Moby, Nitzer Ebb, Wire and Yazoo.
/m/041_3z	The Portland metropolitan area or Greater Portland is a metropolitan area in the U.S. states of Oregon and Washington centered on the principal city of Portland, Oregon. The U.S. Office of Management and Budget identifies it as the Portland-Vancouver-Hillsboro, OR-WA Metropolitan Statistical Area, a metropolitan statistical area used by the United States Census Bureau and other entities. The OMB defines the area as comprising Clackamas, Columbia, Multnomah, Washington, and Yamhill Counties in Oregon, and Clark and Skamania Counties in Washington. The area's population is estimated at 2,289,800 in 2012.\nThe Oregon portion of the metropolitan area is the state's largest urban center, while the Washington portion of the metropolitan area is the state's third largest urban center after Seattle and Spokane. Portions of this are under the jurisdiction of Metro, a directly elected regional government which, among other things, is responsible for land use planning in the region.
/m/04wg38	Edward Fitzgerald Burns is an American actor, film producer, writer, and director best known for appearing in several films like Saving Private Ryan and One Missed Call. Burns made his directorial debut with movies such as The Brothers McMullen, She's the One and Sidewalks of New York.
/m/0cw5k	Pyongyang is the capital of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, commonly known as North Korea, and the largest city in the country. Pyongyang is located on the Taedong River and, according to preliminary results from the 2008 population census, has a population of 3,255,388. The city was split from the South P'yŏngan province in 1946. It is administered as a directly governed city, on the same level as provincial governments, not a special city as Seoul is in South Korea.
/m/01jpqb	University of Nevada-Las Vegas is a public research university located in the Las Vegas suburb of Paradise, Nevada, USA. The 337-acre campus is located approximately 1.5-mile east of the Las Vegas Strip. The institution includes the Shadow Lane Campus, located just east of the University Medical Center of Southern Nevada, which houses the UNLV School of Dental Medicine, the only dental school in the state of Nevada. In addition, UNLV's law school, the William S. Boyd School of Law, is the only law school in the state. The university has been deemed a \"research-intensive university\" by The Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching. The William F. Harrah College of Hotel Administration is annually ranked among the top hospitality programs in the United States due to the university's proximity to the Las Vegas Strip. Its famed Thomas & Mack Center hosted the 2007 NBA All-Star Game, concerts, as well as lectures by Bill Clinton and Mikhail Gorbachev as part of various UNLV-affiliated lecture series.
/m/01f873	Tony Leung Chiu-Wai is a Hong Kong actor and C-pop singer. He was the winner of Cannes Film Festival for Best Actor for his role in Wong Kar-wai's film In the Mood for Love. Leung is also a nine-time winner of Hong Kong Film Award and three-time winner of Golden Horse Film Awards.\nTony Leung collaborated with Wong Kar Wai for 7 films, and three of them had been officially selected as competition film in Cannes Film Festival, including Happy Together, In the Mood for Love and 2046.\nLeung also stars in three Venice Film Festival Golden Lion winning films, including A City of Sadness, Cyclo and Lust, Caution, which was directed by Oscar winning director Ang Lee. Leung also stars in Academy Award and Golden Globe Award nominated film Hero.
/m/02v4vl	F.C. Hansa Rostock is a German association football club based in the city of Rostock, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern. They have emerged as one of the most successful clubs from the former East Germany and have made several appearances in the Bundesliga.\nRostock played the 2011–12 season in the 2nd Bundesliga, but was relegated to the 3rd league after a 5–4 loss to Union Berlin in the penultimate match of the season.
/m/022xml	Furman University is a private, coeducational liberal arts college in Greenville, South Carolina, United States. Furman is considered South Carolina's oldest and most selective private university. Founded in 1826, Furman enrolls approximately 2,700 undergraduate and 525 graduate students on its 750-acre campus. The university derives it name from James Clement Furman, first President of Furman University.\nIn the South during recent years, Furman University graduates have earned more Ph.D. degrees than those from any other southern private liberal arts college, according to a survey conducted by the University of Chicago's National Opinion Research Center. Today Furman offers majors and programs in 42 subjects. Most of Furman's 2,700 undergraduates are from the South Atlantic region, but more than 40 states and 15 foreign countries are represented in its student population. Furman is a member of Associated Colleges of the South.
/m/03_05	Id Software is an American video game development company with its headquarters in Richardson, Texas. The company was founded in 1991 by four members of the computer company Softdisk: programmers John Carmack and John Romero, game designer Tom Hall, and artist Adrian Carmack. Business manager Jay Wilbur was also involved.\nId made important technological developments in video game technologies for the PC, including work done for Wolfenstein 3D, Doom and Quake franchises. Id's work was particularly important in 3D computer graphics technology and in game engines that are heavily used throughout the video game industry.\nThe company was also heavily involved in the creation of the first-person shooter genre. Wolfenstein 3d is often considered as the first true FPS, Doom was a game that popularized the genre and PC gaming in general, and Quake is the first shooter to have online multi-player, which is an essential feature of a shooter today.\nOn June 24, 2009, ZeniMax Media acquired the company.
/m/06hf0n	Philippine cuisine consists of the food, preparation methods and eating customs found in the Philippines. The style of cooking and the food associated with it have evolved over many centuries from its Austronesian origins to a mixed cuisine of Malay, Spanish, Chinese, and American, as well as other Asian and Latin influences adapted to indigenous ingredients and the local palate.\nDishes range from the very simple, like a meal of fried salted fish and rice, to the elaborate paellas and cocidos created for fiestas, also spaghetti and lasagna of Italian origin. Popular dishes include: lechón, longganisa, tapa, torta, adobo, kaldereta, mechado, puchero, afritada, kare-kare, pinakbet crispy pata, hamonado, sinigang, pancit, and lumpia.
/m/01tdpv	The Kingdom of Sardinia was a state in Europe from the early 14th century until the mid-19th. It was the predecessor state of today's Italy. A small state with weak institutions when it was acquired by the House of Savoy in 1720, the Savoyards united their insular and continental domains and built Sardinia—often called Piedmont-Sardinia in this period—into one of the great powers by the time of the Crimean War. Its final capital was Turin, the centre of Savoyard power since the Middle Ages.\nThe kingdom initially consisted of the islands of Corsica and Sardinia, sovereignty over both of which was claimed by the Papacy, which granted them as a fief, the regnum Sardiniae et Corsicae, to King James II of Aragon in 1297. Beginning in 1324, James and his successors conquered the island of Sardinia and established de facto their de jure authority. In 1420 the last competing claim to the island was bought out. After the union of the crown of Aragon with that of Castile, Sardinia became a part of the burgeoning Spanish Empire. In 1720 it was ceded by the Habsburg and Bourbon claimants to the Spanish throne to the Duke Victor Amadeus II of Savoy. The kingdom of Sardinia came progressively to be identified with the entire domain ruled by the House of Savoy, which included, besides Savoy and Aosta, dynastic possessions since the 11th century, the Principality of Piedmont and the County of Nice. While the traditional capital of the island of Sardinia and seat of its viceroys was Cagliari, the Piedmontese city of Turin was the de facto capital of the House of Savoy.
/m/04b5l3	The ORIX Buffaloes are a Nippon Professional Baseball team that was formed following the 2004 NPB season by the merger of the Orix BlueWave of Kobe, Hyōgo Prefecture, Japan and the Kintetsu Buffaloes of Osaka, Osaka Prefecture, Japan. The team plays in the Pacific League and is owned by the Orix Group, a leading diversified financial services company based in Tokyo.\nThe combined team began play in 2005 and splits their home games between Kobe Sports Park Baseball Stadium, the former home of the BlueWave, and the Osaka Dome, which was the home of the original Buffaloes franchise.
/m/0d0bsj	Maccabi Netanya F.C. is an Israeli football club based in Netanya. Established in 1934, the club was a founding member of the Israeli League in 1949. After winning their first championship in 1971, the club's golden period lasted until the late 1980s, including three more league titles and a double in 1978.
/m/09dv0sz	Bernard Telsey is a casting director and co-founder of MCC Theater. In the 1980s, he began working for Simon & Kumin Casting as an assistant, then a casting director at Risa Bramon & Billy Hopkins Casting. Shows his company has cast include Rent, Wicked, In the Heights, South Pacific, Hairspray, Equus, Legally Blonde, A Catered Affair, The Homecoming, Talk Radio, November, Grey Gardens, The Color Purple, The Rocky Horror Show, All Shook Up, Tarzan, and Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street, reasons to be pretty, 50 Words, Almost an Evening, and De La Guarda. He has cast for several theatre companies including the Atlantic Theatre Company, Signature Theatre, Westport Playhouse, New York Theater Workshop, Drama Dept, ACT in San Francisco, La Jolla Playhouse, McCarter Theatre, Long Wharf Theatre, Hartford Stage, and Goodman Theatre. Films cast include Rachel Getting Married, Sex and the City, Margin Call, Across the Universe, Dan in Real Life, Pieces of April, Rent.\nRent established Telsey as someone who casts unconventional shows, which got him assigned to cast The Capeman. He is notable for discovering Taye Diggs, Idina Menzel, Anthony Rapp, and Jesse L. Martin.
/m/07m2y	The tuba is the largest and lowest-pitched brass instrument. Sound is produced by vibrating or \"buzzing\" the lips into a large cupped mouthpiece. It first appeared in the mid 19th-century, making it one of the newest instruments in the modern orchestra and concert band. The tuba largely replaced the ophicleide. Tuba is Latin for Pipe. The horn referred to would most likely resemble what is known as a baroque trumpet.\nA person who plays the tuba is known as a tubaist or tubist. In the United Kingdom a person who plays the tuba in an orchestra is known simply as a tuba player; in a brass band or military band they are known as a bass player.
/m/01s47p	The Spanish Empire, commonly referred to at the time as the Spanish Monarchy, comprised territories and colonies administered by the Spanish Crown in Europe, the Americas, Africa, Asia and Oceania. It originated during the Age of Exploration as one of the first global empires. Under the Spanish Habsburgs, Spain reached the peak of its political and economic power when it became the foremost global power. Spain's territorial reach beyond Europe spanned nearly six centuries, starting with the conquest of the Canary Islands in 1402 followed by the first voyages to the Americas in 1492 until the loss of its last African colonies in 1975. Spain experienced its greatest territorial losses during the early 19th century, when its colonies in the Americas began fighting for independence. By the year 1900 Spain had also lost its colonies in the Caribbean and Pacific, and it was left with only its African possessions.\nThe Spanish Empire leaves a cultural and linguistic legacy around the world. With over 400 million native speakers today, Spanish is the second most spoken native language in the world. In conjunction with the Portuguese Empire, the Spanish Empire's establishment in the 15th century ushered in the modern global era and the rise of European dominance in global affairs.
/m/01lf293	Blood, Sweat & Tears is a contemporary jazz-rock American music group, active throughout the later part of the 20th century and still into the 21st. They are well known for their music throughout the late 1960s to early 1970's, and they are noted as well for their combination of brass and rock band instrumentation. The group recorded songs by rock/folk songwriters such as Laura Nyro, James Taylor, The Band, the Rolling Stones, as well as Billie Holiday and Erik Satie. They also incorporated music from Thelonious Monk and Sergei Prokofiev into their arrangements.\nThey were originally formed in 1967 in New York City. Since their beginnings, the band has gone through numerous iterations with varying personnel and has encompassed a multitude of musical styles. What the band is most known for, from its start, is the fusing of rock, blues, pop music, horn arrangements and jazz improvisation into a hybrid that came to be known as \"jazz-rock\". Unlike \"jazz fusion\" bands, which tend toward virtuostic displays of instrumental facility and some experimentation with electric instruments, the songs of Blood, Sweat & Tears merged the stylings of rock, pop and R&B/soul music with big band, while also adding elements of 20th Century Classical and small combo jazz traditions.
/m/0cttx	Feyenoord is a Dutch professional football club from Rotterdam, that plays in the Eredivisie. Founded as Wilhelmina in 1908, the club changed its name in 1912 to SC Feijenoord and moved to De Kuip in 1937.\nFeyenoord is one of the most successful clubs in the Netherlands, winning 14 Eredivisie titles, 11 KNVB Cups and two Johan Cruijff Shields. The club also has won one European Cup, two UEFA Cups and one Intercontinental Cup. The club is historically one of the three clubs that have dominated the Eredivisie of Dutch football, the others being Ajax and PSV. These three clubs have always played in the Eredivisie, since its inception in 1952, and have never been relegated to lower divisions.\nFeyenoord is known as a people's club, with a huge national support. The club's most successful period in history was the 1960s and '70s when Coen Moulijn and Ove Kindvall led the club to six league titles, two European trophies, an Intercontinental cup and thereby becoming the first Dutch club to win the European Cup and the Intercontinental Cup.\nFeyenoord has a longstanding rivalry with Ajax, as a clash between the two biggest cities in The Netherlands, which is called De Klassieker. The club's anthem is \"Hand in Hand\".
/m/065y4w7	The University of Southern California is a private, not-for-profit, nonsectarian, research university founded in 1880 with its main campus in Los Angeles, California. As California's oldest private research university, USC has historically educated a large number of the region's business leaders and professionals. In recent decades, the university has also leveraged its location in Los Angeles to establish relationships with research and cultural institutions throughout Asia and the Pacific Rim. Reflecting the status of Los Angeles as a global city, USC has the largest number of international students of any university in the United States. In 2011, USC was named among the Top 10 Dream Colleges in the nation.\nAs of 2011, USC enrolls 17,414 students in its four-year undergraduate program. USC is also home to 20,596 graduate and professional students in a number of different programs, including business, law, social work, and medicine. The university has a \"very high\" level of research activity and received $560.9 million in sponsored research from 2009 to 2010. USC sponsors a variety of intercollegiate sports and competes in the NCAA Pacific-12 Conference. Members of the sports teams, the Trojans, have won 99 NCAA team championships, ranking them third in the nation, and 361 NCAA individual championships, ranking them second in the nation. Trojan athletes have won 287 medals at the Olympic games, more than any other university in the world. If USC were a country, it would rank 12th in most Olympic gold medals.
/m/01bb9r	Three Kings is a 1999 satirical war film written and directed by David O. Russell from a story by John Ridley about a gold heist that takes place during the 1991 Iraqi uprising against Saddam Hussein following the end of the Persian Gulf War. The film stars George Clooney, Mark Wahlberg, Ice Cube, and Spike Jonze.
/m/07zrf	Vietnamese is the national, official language of Vietnam. It is the native language of Vietnamese people, and of about three million Vietnamese residing elsewhere. It also is spoken as a first or second language by many ethnic minorities of Vietnam.\nIt is part of the Austroasiatic language family of which it has, by far, the most speakers. Vietnamese vocabulary has borrowings from Chinese, and it formerly used a modified set of Chinese characters called chữ nôm given vernacular pronunciation. As a byproduct of French colonial rule, Vietnamese was influenced by French; the Vietnamese alphabet in use today is a Latin alphabet with additional diacritics for tones, and certain letters.
/m/0fm7s	Bergen is a city and municipality in Hordaland on the west coast of Norway. As of 28 February 2014, the municipality had a population of 271,900 and the Greater Bergen Region had a population of 399,600, making Bergen the second-largest city in Norway. The municipality covers an area of 465 square kilometres and is located on the peninsula of Bergenshalvøyen. The city centre and northern neighbourhoods are located on Byfjorden and the city is surrounded by mountains. For this reason, Bergen is known as the city of seven mountains. Many of the extra-municipal suburbs are located on islands. Bergen is the administrative centre of Hordaland and consists of eight boroughs—Arna, Årstad, Åsane, Bergenhus, Fana, Fyllingsdalen, Laksevåg and Ytrebygda.\nTrading in Bergen may have started as early as the 1020s, but the city was not incorporated until approximately 1070. It served as Norway's capital in the 13th century, and from the end of the 13th century became a bureau city of the Hanseatic League. Until 1789, Bergen enjoyed exclusive rights to mediate trade between Northern Norway and abroad. The remains of the quays, Bryggen, is a World Heritage Site. The city was hit by numerous fires. The Norwegian School of Economics was founded in 1936 and the University of Bergen in 1946. From 1831 to 1972, Bergen was its own county. In 1972 the municipality absorbed four surrounding municipalities, and at the same time became a part of Hordaland county.
/m/02hct1	Arrested Development is an American television sitcom created by Mitchell Hurwitz which originally aired on Fox for three seasons from November 2, 2003 to February 10, 2006. A fourth season of 15 episodes was released on Netflix on May 26, 2013. The show follows the fictitious Bluth family, a formerly wealthy and habitually dysfunctional family, and is presented in a continuous format, incorporating handheld camera work, narration, archival photos, and historical footage. Ron Howard serves as an executive producer and the series' uncredited narrator. Set in Newport Beach, California, Arrested Development is filmed primarily in Culver City and Marina del Rey.\nSince its debut in 2003, the series has received widespread critical acclaim, six Primetime Emmy Awards and one Golden Globe Award, and has attracted a cult following, including several fan-based websites. In 2007, Time listed it among the magazine's \"All-TIME 100 TV Shows\". In 2008, the show was ranked 16th on Entertainment Weekly's \"New TV Classics\" list. In 2011, IGN named Arrested Development the \"funniest show of all time\".\nDespite acclaim from critics, Arrested Development received low ratings and viewership on Fox, which canceled the series in 2006. Rumors of an additional season and a feature film persisted until 2011, when Netflix agreed to license new episodes and distribute them exclusively on its streaming video service. These episodes were later released in 2013. The script of an Arrested Development film has also been in development, with the main cast purported to reprise their original roles.
/m/0133sq	Nicholas Wulstan \"Nick\" Park, CBE is an English filmmaker of stop motion animation best known as the creator of Wallace and Gromit and Shaun the Sheep. Park has been nominated for an Academy Award a total of six times, and won four with Creature Comforts, The Wrong Trousers, A Close Shave, and Wallace & Gromit: The Curse of the Were-Rabbit.
/m/0h953	Fred Astaire was an American film and Broadway stage dancer, choreographer, singer, musician and actor. His stage and subsequent film and television careers spanned a total of 76 years, during which he made 31 musical films, several award winning television specials, and issued numerous recordings. He was named the fifth Greatest Male Star of All Time by the American Film Institute. He is best known as Ginger Rogers' dancing partner and romantic interest, with whom he co-starred in a series of ten Hollywood musicals which transformed the genre.\nGene Kelly, another major innovator in filmed dance, said that \"the history of dance on film begins with Astaire\". Beyond film and television, many noted dancers and choreographers, Rudolf Nureyev, Sammy Davis, Jr., Michael Jackson, Gregory Hines, Mikhail Baryshnikov, George Balanchine and Jerome Robbins among them, also acknowledged his importance and influence.
/m/0cw51	Bhopal is the capital of the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh and the administrative headquarters of Bhopal district and Bhopal division. The city was the capital of the former Bhopal State. Bhopal is known as the City of Lakes for its various natural as well as artificial lakes and is also one of the greenest cities in India. Bhopal is the 16th largest city in India and 134th largest city in the world. It is basically divided into two parts - old Bhopal and new Bhopal.\nA Y-class city, Bhopal houses various institutions and installations of national importance. Some of these include ISRO's Master Control Facility, AIIMS Bhopal, National Institute of Fashion Technology AMPRI, MANIT, IISER, SPA, IIFM, BHEL and NLIU.\nThe city attracted international attention after the Bhopal disaster, when a Union Carbide India Limited pesticide manufacturing plant leaked a mixture of deadly gases including methyl isocyanate on the intervening night of 2 / 3 December 1984, leading to one of the worst industrial disasters in the world's history.\nSince then, Bhopal has been a center of protests and campaigns which have been joined by people from across the globe.
/m/01243b	Indie rock is a genre of alternative rock that originated in the United Kingdom and the United States in the 1980s. Indie rock is extremely diverse, with sub-genres that include indie pop, jangle pop, C86, and lo-fi, among others. Originally used to describe record labels, the term became associated with the music they produced and was initially used interchangeably with alternative rock. As grunge and punk revival bands in the US, and then Britpop bands in the UK, broke into the mainstream in the 1990s, it came to be used to identify those acts that retained an outsider and underground perspective. In the 2000s, as a result of changes in the music industry and the growing importance of the Internet, a number of indie rock acts began to enjoy commercial success, leading to questions about its meaningfulness as a term.
/m/01pqx6	The Whiting Writers' Award is an American award presented annually to ten emerging writers in fiction, nonfiction, poetry and plays. The award is sponsored by the Mrs. Giles Whiting Foundation and has been presented since 1985. As of 2007, winners receive US $50,000.
/m/06fcqw	Bolt tells the story of a dog who is convinced that his role as a super dog is reality. When he is ripped from his world of fantasy, and action by his own doing. His own obsession with his owner and keeping her protected from the green eyed man of the television show he works on completely absorbs his life. This takes him to the point of no return when he believes that she has been kidnapped, and he accidentally gets packaged and shipped to New York city in pursuit of his owner. This is when the story unfolds, and he goes through a transitional period where he learns that he is as super as every other dog. His disbelief of his abilities being non existent fuels a lot of different emotional changes, and eventually comes to a reality of who he really is. This all culminates when he finds his owner and reunites with her in the action packed climax of the movie.
/m/0208wk	The World Fantasy Awards are given each year by the World Fantasy Convention for the best fantasy fiction published in English during the previous calendar year. The awards have been described as one of the three most prestigious speculative fiction awards, along with the Hugo and Nebula Awards. The World Fantasy Award for Best Novel is given each year for fantasy novels published in English or translated into English. A work of fiction is defined by the organization as a novel if it is 40,000 words or longer; awards are also given out for pieces of shorter lengths in the short story and novella categories. The World Fantasy Award for Best Novel has been awarded annually since 1975.\nWorld Fantasy Award nominees and winners are decided by attendees and judges at the annual World Fantasy Convention. A ballot is posted in June for attendees of the current and previous two conferences to determine two of the finalists, and a panel of five judges adds three or more nominees before voting on the overall winner. The panel of judges is typically made up of fantasy authors and is chosen each year by the World Fantasy Awards Administration, which has the power to break ties. The final results are presented at the World Fantasy Convention at the end of October.
/m/08j7lh	Election, is a 2005 Hong Kong crime film directed by Johnnie To. Featuring a large ensemble cast, the film stars Simon Yam and Tony Leung Ka-fai as two gang leaders engaged in a power struggle to become the new leader of a Hong Kong triad.\nThe film premiered as an \"Official Selection\" at the 2005 Cannes Film Festival, before being released in Hong Kong on 20 October 2005, with a Category III rating. A sequel to the film, Election 2, concluded the film, and was released in 2006.
/m/01pk3z	Anna Kay Faris is an American actress and singer. She is known for her comedic roles in the Scary Movie film series, Lost in Translation, The House Bunny, My Super Ex-Girlfriend, Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs, Yogi Bear, What's Your Number?, The Dictator, and I Give It a Year.
/m/02ck7w	David Wenham is an Australian actor who has appeared in movies, television series and theatre productions. He is known in Hollywood for his roles as Faramir in The Lord of the Rings film trilogy, Carl in Van Helsing, Dilios in 300 and Neil Fletcher in Australia. He is also known in his native Australia for his role as Diver Dan in SeaChange.
/m/03902	Geneva is the second most populous city in Switzerland and is the most populous city of Romandy, the French-speaking part of Switzerland. Situated where the Rhône exits Lake Geneva, it is the capital of the Republic and Canton of Geneva.\nThe municipality has a population of 194,458, and the canton has 474,169 residents. In 2011, the compact agglomération franco-valdo-genevoise had 915,000 inhabitants in both – Switzerland and France. Within Swiss territory, the commuter area named \"Métropole lémanique\" contains a population of 1.25 million. This area is essentially spread east from Geneva towards the Riviera area and north-east towards Yverdon-les-Bains, in the neighbouring canton of Vaud.\nGeneva is a global city, a financial centre, and worldwide centre for diplomacy due to the presence of numerous international organizations, including the headquarters of many of the agencies of the United Nations and the Red Cross. Geneva is the city that hosts the highest number of international organisations in the world. It is also the place where the Geneva Conventions were signed, which chiefly concern the treatment of wartime non-combatants and prisoners of war.
/m/01tsbmv	Jonathan Pryce, CBE is a Welsh stage and film actor and singer. After studying at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art and meeting his longtime girlfriend English actress Kate Fahy in 1974, he began his career as a stage actor in the 1970s. His work in theatre, including an award-winning performance in the title role of the Royal Court Theatre's Hamlet, led to several supporting roles in film and television. He made his breakthrough screen performance in Terry Gilliam's 1985 cult film Brazil.\nCritically lauded for his versatility, Pryce has participated in big-budget films such as Evita, Tomorrow Never Dies, Pirates of the Caribbean and The New World, as well as independent films such as Glengarry Glen Ross and Carrington. His career in theatre has also been prolific, and he has won two Tony Awards—the first in 1977 for his Broadway debut in Comedians, the second for his 1991 role as \"The Engineer\" in the musical Miss Saigon.
/m/07mgr	Turin is a city and an important business and cultural centre in northern Italy, capital of the Piedmont region, located mainly on the left bank of the Po River, in front of Susa Valley and surrounded by the western Alpine arch. The population of the city proper is 911,823 while the population of the urban area is estimated by Eurostat to be 1.7 million inhabitants. The Turin metropolitan area is estimated by the OECD to have a population of 2.2 million.\nThe city has a rich culture and history, and is known for its numerous art galleries, restaurants, churches, palaces, opera houses, piazzas, parks, gardens, theatres, libraries, museums and other venues. Turin is well known for its baroque, rococo, neo-classical, and Art Nouveau architecture.\nMuch of the city's public squares, castles, gardens and elegant palazzi such as Palazzo Madama, were built in the 16th and 18th century, after the capital of the Duchy of Savoy was moved to Turin from Chambery as part of the urban expansion.\nTurin is sometimes called the \"cradle of Italian liberty\", for having been the birthplace and home of notable politicians and people who contributed to the Risorgimento, such as Cavour. The city currently hosts some of Italy's best universities, colleges, academies, lycea and gymnasia, such as the six-century-old University of Turin and the Turin Polytechnic. Prestigious and important museums, such as the Museo Egizio and the Mole Antonelliana are also found in the city. Turin's several monuments and sights make it one of the world's top 250 tourist destinations, and the tenth most visited city in Italy in 2008.
/m/044mjy	Joshua Lee \"Josh\" Holloway is an American actor and model, best known as James \"Sawyer\" Ford on the American television show Lost.
/m/07h34	Tennessee is a U.S. state located in the Southeastern United States. Tennessee is the 36th most extensive and the 17th most populous of the 50 United States. Tennessee is bordered by Kentucky and Virginia to the north, North Carolina to the east, Georgia, Alabama, and Mississippi to the south, and Arkansas and Missouri to the west. The Appalachian Mountains dominate the eastern part of the state, and the Mississippi River forms the state's western border. Tennessee's capital and second largest city is Nashville, which has a population of 624,496. Memphis is the state's largest city, with a population of 655,155.\nThe state of Tennessee is rooted in the Watauga Association, a 1772 frontier pact generally regarded as the first constitutional government west of the Appalachians. What is now Tennessee was initially part of North Carolina, and later part of the Southwest Territory. Tennessee was admitted to the Union as the 16th state on June 1, 1796. Tennessee was the last state to leave the Union and join the Confederacy at the outbreak of the U.S. Civil War in 1861 and the first state to be readmitted to the Union at the end of the war.\nTennessee furnished more soldiers for the Confederate Army than any other state, and more soldiers for the Union Army than any other Southern state. In the 20th century, Tennessee transitioned from an agrarian economy to a more diversified economy, aided at times by federal entities such as the Tennessee Valley Authority. In the early 1940s, the city of Oak Ridge was established to house the Manhattan Project's uranium enrichment facilities, helping to build the world's first atomic bomb.
/m/0h3k3f	The Country Girl is a 1954 American drama film directed by George Seaton and starring Bing Crosby, Grace Kelly, and William Holden. Adapted by George Seaton from Clifford Odets' 1950 play of the same name, the film is about an alcoholic has-been actor struggling with the one last chance he's been given to resurrect his career. Seaton won the Academy Award for Best Writing, Adapted Screenplay. It was entered in the 1955 Cannes Film Festival.\nKelly won the Oscar for Best Actress for the role, which previously had earned Uta Hagen her first Tony Award in the play's original Broadway production. The role, a non-glamorous departure for Kelly, was as the alcoholic actor's long-suffering wife.\nThe win was a huge surprise, as most critics and people in the press felt that Judy Garland would win for A Star Is Born. NBC even sent a camera crew to Garland's hospital room, where she was recuperating from the birth of her son, in order to conduct a live interview with her if she won. The win by Kelly instead famously prompted Groucho Marx to send Garland a telegram stating it was \"the biggest robbery since Brinks.\"\nGiven the period of its production, the film is notable for its realistic, frank dialogue and honest treatments of the surreptitious side of alcoholism and post-divorce misogyny.
/m/0bzjgq	The 49th Academy Awards were presented March 28, 1977, at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion, Los Angeles. The ceremonies were presided over by Richard Pryor, Jane Fonda, Ellen Burstyn, and Warren Beatty.\nThis Academy Awards ceremony is notable for Peter Finch becoming the first posthumous winner of an Oscar for acting, a feat matched only by Heath Ledger 32 years later. Beatrice Straight set another record by becoming the actor with shortest performance ever in a film to win an acting Oscar, with only five minutes and forty seconds of screentime in Network. Network, along with All the President's Men, were the two biggest champs of the ceremony with four Oscars each; however, John G. Avildsen won Best Director in an upset, assuring Rocky's eventual Best Picture victory.\nPiper Laurie was nominated for Best Supporting Actress for Carrie, her first acting role since her Best Actress-nominated performance in The Hustler, thus being nominated for two consecutive roles, 15 years apart.\nAs of the 86th Academy Awards, Network remains the last film to receive five acting nominations, and the last to win three acting Oscars. This year's Academy Awards is also notable for the first ever female director nominated for Best Director, Lina Wertmüller for Seven Beauties. To date, three further female directors have been nominated: Jane Campion for The Piano in 1993, Sofia Coppola for Lost in Translation in 2003, and Kathryn Bigelow for The Hurt Locker in 2009.
/m/03_44z	The New Zealand national football team represents New Zealand in international football. The team is controlled by the governing body for football in New Zealand New Zealand Football, which is currently a member of the Oceania Football Confederation. The team's official nickname is the All Whites.\nNew Zealand is a four-time OFC champion. The team represented New Zealand at the FIFA World Cup tournaments in 1982 and 2010, and the FIFA Confederations Cup tournaments in 1999, 2003 and 2009.\nBecause most New Zealand football clubs are semi-professional rather than fully professional, most top New Zealand footballers play abroad for clubs in Europe, the United States, Canada and in the Australian A-League.
/m/07mz77	Udo Kier is a German actor who has appeared in more than 200 European and American films.
/m/012bk	Ariel Sharon was an Israeli politician and general, who served as the 11th Prime Minister of Israel until he was incapacitated by a stroke.\nSharon was a commander in the Israeli Army from its creation in 1948. As a soldier and then an officer, he participated prominently in the 1948 War of Independence, becoming a platoon commander in the Alexandroni Brigade and taking part in many battles, including Operation Ben Nun Alef. He was an instrumental figure in the creation of Unit 101, and the Retribution operations, as well as in the 1956 Suez Crisis, the Six-Day War of 1967, the War of Attrition, and the Yom-Kippur War of 1973. As Minister of Defense, he directed the 1982 Lebanon War.\nSharon was considered the greatest field commander in Israel's history, and one of the country's greatest military strategists. After his assault of the Sinai in the Six-Day War and his encirclement of the Egyptian Third Army in the Yom Kippur War, the Israeli public nicknamed him \"The King of Israel\".\nUpon retirement, Sharon entered politics, joining the Likud, and served in a number of ministerial posts in Likud-led governments from 1977–92 and 1996–99. He became the leader of the Likud in 2000, and served as Israel's prime minister from 2001 to 2006. In 1983 the Kahan Commission, established by the Israeli Government, found that as Minister of Defense during the 1982 Lebanon War Sharon bore \"personal responsibility\" \"for ignoring the danger of bloodshed and revenge\" in the massacre by Lebanese militias of Palestinian civilians in the refugee camps of Sabra and Shatila. The Kahan Commission recommended Sharon's removal as Defense Minister, and Sharon did resign after initially refusing to do so.
/m/0bfp0l	Sugar Hill Records is an American bluegrass and Americana record label. It was founded in Durham, North Carolina in 1978 by Barry Poss with assistance from David Freeman, the owner of County Records and Rebel Records. Poss acquired full control of Sugar Hill in 1980 and owned the label until 1998, when he sold it to the Welk Music Group, owner of Vanguard Records. Poss stayed on as president, and in 2002 was promoted to chairman. Sugar Hill remained in Durham until 2007, when Poss moved the label to Nashville, Tennessee. Among the many notable artists who have released albums on the label are Nickel Creek, Doc Watson, Townes Van Zandt, Ricky Skaggs, Guy Clark, Sam Bush and Dolly Parton. One of Parton's albums for Sugar Hill, Halos & Horns, included a song called \"Sugar Hill\", which she wrote as a tribute to the label. In 2008, Welk Music Group appointed EMI as distributor of its labels including Sugar Hill.
/m/01vq3	Christmas is an annual commemoration of the birth of Jesus Christ and a widely observed cultural holiday, celebrated generally on December 25 by millions of people around the world. A feast central to the Christian liturgical year, it closes the Advent season and initiates the twelve days of Christmastide, which ends after the twelfth night. Christmas is a civil holiday in many of the world's nations, is celebrated by an increasing number of non-Christians, and is an integral part of the Christmas and holiday season.\nWhile the birth year of Jesus is estimated among modern historians to have been between 7 and 2 BC, the exact month and day of his birth are unknown. His birth is mentioned in two of the four canonical gospels. By the early-to-mid 4th century, the Western Christian Church had placed Christmas on December 25, a date later adopted in the East, although some churches celebrate on the December 25 of the older Julian calendar, which corresponds to January in the modern-day Gregorian calendar. The date of Christmas may have initially been chosen to correspond with the day exactly nine months after early Christians believed Jesus to have been conceived, or with one or more ancient polytheistic festivals that occurred near southern solstice; a further solar connection has been suggested because of a biblical verse identifying Jesus as the \"Sun of righteousness\".
/m/05k4my	Lady in the Water is a 2006 American fantasy thriller written and directed by M. Night Shyamalan and starring Paul Giamatti and Bryce Dallas Howard. The film follows a Philadelphia maintenance man who discovers a young woman in the swimming pool of his apartment complex. Gradually, he and his neighbors learn that she is a water nymph whose life is in danger from a vicious, wolf-like, mystical creature that tries to keep her from returning to her watery \"blue world\".\nThis is Shyamalan's first movie in which he has played a significant role, as one of the supporting actors. The film received generally unfavorable reviews from film critics, who mostly criticized it as having a lack of focus.
/m/01b64v	The Young and the Restless is an American television soap opera created by William J. Bell and Lee Phillip Bell for CBS. The show is set in a fictional Wisconsin town called Genoa City, which is unlike and unrelated to the real life village of the same name, Genoa City, Wisconsin. First broadcast on March 26, 1973, The Young and the Restless was originally broadcast as half-hour episodes, five times a week. It expanded to one hour episodes on February 4, 1980. In 2006, the series began airing encore episodes weeknights on SOAPnet until 2013, when Y&R moved to TVGN. TVGN still airs the encore episodes on weeknights, starting July 1, 2013. The series is also syndicated internationally.\nThe Young and the Restless originally focused on two core families: the wealthy Brooks family and the working class Foster family. After a series of recasts and departures in the early 1980s, all the original characters except Jill Foster Abbott were written out. Bell replaced them with the new core families, the Abbotts and the Williams. Over the years, other families such as the Newmans, Winters and the Baldwin-Fishers were introduced. Despite these changes, one storyline that has endured through almost the show's entire run is the feud between Jill Abbott Fenmore and Katherine Chancellor, the longest rivalries on any American soap opera.
/m/0915l1	Cleopatra Records is a Los Angeles-based independent record label founded in 1992 by entrepreneur and music fan Brian Perera. It has since grown into a family of labels, including Hypnotic Records, Goldenlane, Stardust, Purple Pyramid, Deadline and X-Ray Records, encompassing a variety of genres with emphasis on unique and experimental artists.
/m/019w9j	Rhythmic gymnastics is an activity in which individuals or teams of 5 manipulate one or two pieces of apparatus: clubs, hoop, ball, ribbon, rope and Free. An individual athlete only manipulates 1 apparatus at a time. When multiple gymnasts are performing a routine together a maximum of two types of apparatus may be distributed through the group. An athlete can exchange apparatus with a team member at any time through the routine. Therefore, an athlete can manipulate up to two different pieces of apparatus through the duration of the routine. Rhythmic gymnastics is a sport that combines elements of ballet, gymnastics, dance, and apparatus manipulation. The victor is the participant who earns the most points, determined by a panel of judges, for leaps, balances, pirouettes, apparatus handling, and execution.\nThe sport is governed by the Federation Internationale de Gymnastique, which designs the Code of Points and regulates all aspects of international elite competition. The largest events in the sport are the Olympic Games, World Championships, European Championships, World Cup and Grand-Prix Series.
/m/0_kfv	Anderson is a city in and the county seat of Anderson County, South Carolina, United States. The population was 26,686 at the 2010 census, and the city was the center of an urbanized area of 75,702. It is one of the principal cities in the Greenville-Mauldin-Anderson Metropolitan Statistical Area, contiguous with Anderson County, which had a population of 187,126 at the 2010 census. It is further included in the larger Greenville-Spartanburg-Anderson, South Carolina Combined Statistical Area, with a total population of 1,266,995, as of the 2010 census. Anderson is just off Interstate 85 and is 120 miles from Atlanta and 140 miles from Charlotte.\nAnderson is the smallest of the three primary cities that makes up the Upstate region and is nicknamed \"The Electric City\" and \"The Friendliest City in South Carolina\". Anderson's spirit and quality of life have earned national recognition as Anderson County was named an \"All-America City\" in 2000.\nAnderson is the home of Anderson University, a selective private comprehensive university of approximately 3,000 undergraduate and graduate students.
/m/0ntwb	Tazewell County is a county located in the U.S. state of Illinois. According to the 2010 census, it had a population of 135,394, which is an increase of 5.4% from 128,485 in 2000. Its county seat and largest city is Pekin. The majority of the population live along the western border of the county.\nTazewell County is part of the Peoria, Illinois, Metropolitan Statistical Area. It is pronounced with a short \"a\", to rhyme with \"razz\" rather than \"raze\".
/m/02qgyv	John Christopher Reilly is an American actor, singer, producer, screenwriter, and comedian. Making his film debut in Casualties of War, Reilly is one of several actors whose careers were launched by Brian De Palma. To date, he has appeared in more than fifty films, including three separate films in 2002 that were all nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture. He has been nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role in Chicago and a Grammy Award for the song \"Walk Hard\", which he performed in Walk Hard: The Dewey Cox Story. Reilly has starred in Check It Out! with Dr. Steve Brule, a television show on Adult Swim, since its premiere on May 16, 2010.
/m/02pyyld	Pittsburgh Panthers men's basketball is the NCAA Division I intercollegiate men's basketball program of the University of Pittsburgh, often referred to as \"Pitt\", located in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The Pitt men's basketball team competes in the Atlantic Coast Conference and plays their home games in the Petersen Events Center. The Panthers have won two Helms Athletic Foundation National Championships, reached one Final Four, received 15 First Team All-American selections, have appeared in 23 NCAA and eight NIT tournaments, and through the 2012-13 season have recorded 1,517 victories against 1,073 losses since their inaugural season of 1905-06. The head coach of the Panthers since 2003 is Jamie Dixon.
/m/07k2mq	Requiem for a Dream is a 2000 American psychological drama film directed by Darren Aronofsky and starring Ellen Burstyn, Jared Leto, Jennifer Connelly, and Marlon Wayans. The film is based on the novel of the same name by Hubert Selby, Jr., with whom Aronofsky wrote the screenplay. Burstyn was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actress for her performance. The film was screened out of competition at the 2000 Cannes Film Festival.\nThe film depicts different forms of addiction, which lead to the characters’ imprisonment in a world of delusion and reckless desperation that is subsequently overtaken by reality.
/m/08l_c1	Royal College is a selective entry boys' school located in Colombo, Sri Lanka. Started as a private school by Rev Joseph Marsh in 1835, it was established as the Colombo Academy by Sir Robert Wilmot-Horton in January 1836, the first government-run secondary school for boys in the island.\nRoyal College is considered to be the leading public school in Sri Lanka and is often referred to as the Eton of Sri Lanka. The school was founded in the British public school tradition having being named as the Royal College Colombo in 1881 with Royal consent from Queen Victoria and it was one of the first schools to be designated as a national school by the Sri Lankan government in the 1980s. As a national school it is funded by the government as opposed to the provincial council providing both primary and secondary education. The school was selected as \"one of best innovative colleges\" in the world by Microsoft in 2009.\nStudents of Royal College are known as Royalists whilst past pupils are known as Old Royalists. The school has produced many distinguished alumni, among whom are presidents of two countries, a sultan, and three prime ministers.\"
/m/0l76z	Sex and the City is an American television romantic sit-com created by Darren Star and produced by HBO. Broadcast from 1998 until 2004, the original run of the show had a total of 94 episodes. Throughout its six-year run, the show received contributions from various producers, writers and directors, perhaps most significantly from Michael Patrick King.\nSet and filmed in New York City and based on the book of the same name by Candace Bushnell, the show follows the lives of a group of four women—three in their mid-thirties and one in her forties—who, throughout their different natures and ever-changing sex lives, remain inseparable and confide in each other. Starring Sarah Jessica Parker, Kim Cattrall, Kristin Davis, and Cynthia Nixon, the quirky series had multiple continuing storylines that tackled relevant and modern social issues such as sexuality, safe sex, promiscuity, and femininity while exploring the difference between friendships and romantic relationships.\nThe series received both acclaim and criticism for its subjects and characters, and spawned two feature films, Sex and the City and its sequel Sex and the City 2, and a prequel series by The CW, The Carrie Diaries. It also won seven of its 54 Emmy Award nominations, eight of its 24 Golden Globe Award nominations, and three of its 11 Screen Actors Guild Award nominations. Sex and the City still airs in syndication worldwide and has been listed on Entertainment Weekly's end-of-the-decade \"best of\" list and as one of Time magazine's 100 Best TV Shows of All-TIME. The show placed #5 on Entertainment Weekly's \"New TV Classics\" list.
/m/08qs09	Albany Law School is an ABA accredited law school based in Albany, New York.
/m/04grkmd	Taking Woodstock is a 2009 American comedy-drama film about the Woodstock Festival of 1969, directed by Ang Lee. The screenplay by James Schamus is based on the memoir Taking Woodstock: A True Story of a Riot, a Concert, and a Life by Elliot Tiber and Tom Monte.\nThe film premiered at the 2009 Cannes Film Festival, and opened in New York and Los Angeles on August 26, 2009, before its wide theatrical release two days later.
/m/0bqch	Marcel Duchamp was a French-American painter, sculptor, chess player, and writer whose work is associated with Dadaism and conceptual art, although not directly associated with Dada groups. Duchamp is commonly regarded, along with Pablo Picasso and Henri Matisse, as one of the three artists who helped to define the revolutionary developments in the plastic arts in the opening decades of the twentieth century, responsible for significant developments in painting and sculpture. Duchamp has had an immense impact on twentieth-century and twenty first-century art. By World War I, he had rejected the work of many of his fellow artists as \"retinal\" art, intended only to please the eye. Instead, Duchamp wanted to put art back in the service of the mind.
/m/01wb8bs	Roger Bart is an American actor and singer who has received Tony Award, Drama Desk Award, and Screen Actors Guild Awards.
/m/0f_y9	Henry John Deutschendorf, Jr., known professionally as John Denver, was an American singer, songwriter, actor, activist, and humanitarian. He was one of the most popular acoustic artists of the 1970s. After traveling and living in numerous locations while growing up in his military family, Denver began his music career in folk music groups in the late 1960s. His greatest commercial success was as a solo singer, starting in the 1970s. Throughout his life, Denver recorded and released approximately 300 songs, about 200 of which he composed.\nHe performed primarily with an acoustic guitar and sang about his joy in nature, his enthusiasm for music, and his relationship trials. Denver's music appeared on a variety of charts, including country and western, the Billboard Hot 100, and adult contemporary, in all earning him twelve gold and four platinum albums with his signature songs \"Take Me Home, Country Roads\", \"Annie's Song\", \"Rocky Mountain High\", and \"Sunshine on My Shoulders\".\nDenver further starred in films and several notable television specials in the 1970s and 1980s. In the following decades, he continued to record, but also focused on calling attention to environmental issues, lent his vocal support to space exploration, and testified in front of Congress to protest against censorship in music. He was known for his love of the state of Colorado, which he sang about numerous times. He lived in Aspen, Colorado, for much of his life. He was named Poet Laureate of the state in 1974. The Colorado state legislature also adopted \"Rocky Mountain High\" as one of its state songs in 2007. Denver was an avid pilot, and died in a single fatality crash of his personal aircraft at the age of 53.
/m/0g6xq	Penang is a state in Malaysia and the name of its constituent island, located on the northwest coast of Peninsular Malaysia by the Strait of Malacca. It is bordered by Kedah in the north and east, and Perak in the south. Penang is the second smallest Malaysian state in area after Perlis, and the eighth most populous. It is composed of two parts – Penang Island, where the seat of government is, and Seberang Perai on the Malay Peninsula. Highly urbanised and industrialised Penang is one of the most developed and economically important states in the country, as well as a thriving tourist destination. Penang has the third-highest Human Development Index in Malaysia, after the state of Selangor and the federal territory of Kuala Lumpur. Its heterogeneous population is highly diverse in ethnicity, culture, language, and religion. A resident of Penang is colloquially known as a Penangite.
/m/0gfzfj	Stewie Griffin: The Untold Story is a 2005 direct-to-DVD animated comedy film set in the Family Guy fictional universe. Released on September 27, 2005, the film's main plot point concerns Stewie Griffin trying to find who he thinks is his real father after seeing the man on TV. He travels to San Francisco, only to find that the man is him from the future. The DVD contains commentaries and a sneak preview of the American Dad! Volume 1 DVD.\nThe film was written to be a feature-length direct-to-video film based on the series.\nFox eventually aired the special as three separate episodes for the Family Guy season 4 finale in May 2006. Fox had several scenes cut out, new scenes put in, and other scenes altered to make it only 66 minutes long. The shortened and separated versions of the three segments – \"Stewie B. Goode\", \"Bango Was His Name, Oh!\", and \"Stu and Stewie's Excellent Adventure\" – were aired on May 21, 2006.
/m/0s987	Kankakee is a city in and the county seat of Kankakee County, Illinois, United States. The city's name probably comes from the Miami-Illinois word teeyaahkiki, meaning: \"Open country/exposed land/land in open/land exposed to view,\" in reference to the area's prior status as a marsh. As of the 2000 census, the city population was 25,561, and 26,840 as of a 2009 estimate. Kankakee is a principal city of the Kankakee–Bradley Metropolitan Statistical Area, which includes all of Kankakee County.
/m/067nsm	Christopher \"Tricky\" Stewart is an American songwriter, music producer, music publisher, executive producer, recording industry executive and recording studio owner. He is also a former president of A&R at Epic Records. In a career spanning 16 years, Stewart, at the helm of his company RedZone Entertainment, is responsible for over 25 million records sold. He is noted for producing many hip hop, R&B and pop chart topping singles, such as Beyoncé’s “Single Ladies ”, Britney Spears's \"Me Against the Music\", Mýa’s “Case of the Ex”, Rihanna’s “Umbrella”, Mary J. Blige’s “Just Fine”, Mariah Carey's \"Touch My Body\" and \"Obsessed\", Jesse McCartney’s “Leavin'”, Justin Bieber's \"Baby\", Ciara's \"Ride\" and many others.\nIn 2012, he was named to Billboard Magazine's Power \"40 Under 40.\"
/m/0wqwj	Tupelo is the county seat and the largest city of Lee County, Mississippi. It is also the seventh-largest city in the state. It is situated in northeast Mississippi, between Memphis, Tennessee, and Birmingham, Alabama, and is accessed by U.S. Route 78. As of the 2010 census, the population was 34,546, with the surrounding counties of Lee, Pontotoc and Itawamba supporting a population of 138,976.\nThe city is best known as the birthplace of Elvis Presley. As a one-year-old in Tupelo on April 5, 1936, Presley survived a tornado that was ranked as the fourth deadliest in United States history and killed more than 230 people.
/m/0jj85	Indian River County is a county located in the Treasure Coast region in the U.S. state of Florida. As of the 2010 census, the population was 138,028. Its county seat is Vero Beach, Florida. It is Florida's 6th richest county and one of the top 100 richest counties in the U.S.
/m/09v5bdn	A Puerto Rican is a person who was born in Puerto Rico. People born and raised in other parts of the world, most notably in the continental United States, of Puerto Rican parents are also sometimes referred to as Puerto Ricans.\nPuerto Ricans commonly refer to themselves as boricuas. \"The majority of Puerto Ricans regard themselves as being of mixed Spanish-European descent. Recent DNA sample studies have concluded that the three largest components of the Puerto Rican genetic profile are in fact indigenous Taíno, European, and African\". The population of Puerto Ricans and descendants is estimated to be between 8 to 10 million worldwide, with most living within the islands of Puerto Rico and in the United States. Within the United States, Puerto Ricans are present in all states of the Union, and the states with the largest populations of Puerto Ricans relative to the national population of Puerto Ricans in the United States at large are the states of New York, Florida, New Jersey, and Pennsylvania, with large populations also in Massachusetts, Connecticut, California, Illinois, and Texas.\nFor 2009, the American Community Survey estimates give a total of 3,859,026 Puerto Ricans classified as \"Native\" Puerto Ricans. It also gives a total of 3,644,515 of the population being born in Puerto Rico and 201,310 born in the United States. The total population born outside Puerto Rico is 322,773. Of the 108,262 who were foreign born outside the United States, 92.9% were born in Latin America, 3.8% in Europe, 2.7% in Asia, 0.2% in Northern America, and 0.1% in Africa and Oceania each.
/m/085q5	Wallace Michael \"Wally\" Shawn is a U.S. actor, playwright, and essayist. His best-known film roles include Wally Shawn in My Dinner with Andre, Vizzini in The Princess Bride, and Rex the toy dinosaur in the Toy Story animated film series. He also starred in a variety of T.V. shows, including Gossip Girl.\nHis plays include The Designated Mourner, Aunt Dan and Lemon, and Grasses of a Thousand Colors; he also cowrote the screenplay for My Dinner with Andre with Andre Gregory, and scripted Vanya on 42nd Street, a film adaptation of Anton Chekov's play Uncle Vanya.
/m/027pwl	Bradford City Association Football Club is an English association football club based in Bradford, West Yorkshire. The club participate in League One, the third tier in the English football league system, in the 2013–14 season.\nThe club was founded in 1903. It was immediately elected into Division Two of the Football League despite not having played a previous game. Promotion to the top tier followed in 1908 and the club won the FA Cup in 1911, its only major honour. After relegation in 1922 from Division One, the club spent 77 years outside the top flight until promotion to the Premier League in 1999. City stayed up, with a then record low of 36 points, in the first season in the Premier League. Relegation followed the following season. Since then a series of financial crises did push the club to the brink of closure. The financial pressure resulted in two more relegations to League Two. In the 2012–13 season, they became the first ever team from the fourth tier of English football to reach a major domestic Wembley cup final, the Football League Cup, losing 5–0 to Swansea City. In the same season, they returned to Wembley for the playoff final and won promotion to League One with a 3–0 win over Northampton Town.
/m/02pbrn	Alfred McCoy Tyner is a jazz pianist from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, known for his work with the John Coltrane Quartet and a long solo career.
/m/0298n7	Seabiscuit is a 2003 American biographical sports drama film based on the best-selling non-fiction book Seabiscuit: An American Legend by Laura Hillenbrand. The film is loosely based on the life and racing career of Seabiscuit, an undersized and overlooked thoroughbred race horse, whose unexpected successes made him a hugely popular media sensation in the United States during the Great Depression.
/m/04wddl	Sabrina is a 1954 American romantic comedy film directed by Billy Wilder, adapted for the screen by Wilder, Samuel A. Taylor, and Ernest Lehman from Taylor's play Sabrina Fair. It stars Humphrey Bogart, Audrey Hepburn, and William Holden. This was Wilder's last film released by Paramount Pictures, ending a 12-year business relationship with Wilder and the company. The film was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress in 2002.
/m/01633c	In & Out is a 1997 American romantic comedy film directed by Frank Oz and starring Kevin Kline, Joan Cusack, Matt Dillon, Tom Selleck, Debbie Reynolds, Bob Newhart, and Wilford Brimley. The screenplay was written by screenwriter Paul Rudnick. Joan Cusack was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her performance.\nThe film was inspired by Tom Hanks's tearful speech when he accepted his 1994 Oscar, in which he mentioned his high-school drama coach Rawley Farnsworth, and his former classmate John Gilkerson, \"two of the finest gay Americans, two wonderful men that I had the good fortune to be associated with\". The film became one of mainstream Hollywood's few attempts at a comedic \"gay movie\" of its era, and was widely noted at the time for a 10-second kiss between Kevin Kline and Tom Selleck.
/m/02_cq0	Crawley Town Football Club is an association football club founded in 1896, and based in Crawley, West Sussex, England. Crawley play in Football League One, the third tier in the English football league system, having secured promotion on the last day of the 2011–12 season with a 1–0 win against Accrington Stanley. The club's home ground is at Checkatrade.com Stadium. First promoted to the Football Conference in 2004, the club survived a financial crisis to win promotion to the Football League in the 2010–11 season. In the same year they reached the 5th round of the FA Cup, where they lost to Manchester United.
/m/0k3j0	Franklin County is a nongovernmental county located in the U.S. state of Massachusetts. As of the 2010 census, the population was 71,372. Its largest community, and traditional county seat, is Greenfield.\nFranklin County is part of the Springfield Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/03hfx6c	The Arkansas Razorbacks football team represents the University of Arkansas in the sport of American football. The Razorbacks compete in the Football Bowl Subdivision of the National Collegiate Athletics Association and the Western Division of the Southeastern Conference. The program has 13 conference championships, 45 All-Americans, and a record of 676–451–40. The Razorbacks are the 23rd-most successful team in college football history by number of wins. Home games are played at locations near the two largest campuses of the University of Arkansas System: Donald W. Reynolds Razorback Stadium in Fayetteville, Arkansas, and War Memorial Stadium in Little Rock, Arkansas.
/m/01qszl	Bandai Company, Limited is a Japanese toy making and video game company, as well as the producer of a large number of plastic model kits. It is the world's third-largest producer of toys. Some ex-Bandai group companies produce anime and tokusatsu programs. Its headquarters is located in Taitō, Tokyo.\nAfter the merger with game developer and amusement facility operator Namco, Bandai Company, Limited is now under the management of Namco Bandai Holdings and a member of Bandai Namco Group. After group reorganisation in 2006, Bandai heads the group's Toys and Hobby Strategic Business Unit.
/m/027qpc	The Dominion of New Zealand is the former name of the Realm of New Zealand.\nOriginally administered from New South Wales, New Zealand became a separate British Crown colony in 1841 and received a large measure of self-government following the New Zealand Constitution Act 1852. New Zealand chose not to take part in Australian Federation and assumed complete self-government as the Dominion of New Zealand on 26 September 1907, Dominion Day, by proclamation of King Edward VII.
/m/026mj	Delaware is a U.S. state located on the Atlantic Coast in the Mid-Atlantic region of the United States. It is bordered to the south and west by Maryland, to the northeast by New Jersey, and to the north by Pennsylvania. The state takes its name from Thomas West, 3rd Baron De La Warr, an English nobleman and Virginia's first colonial governor, after whom what is now called Cape Henlopen was originally named.\nDelaware is located in the northeastern portion of the Delmarva Peninsula and is the second smallest, the sixth least populous, but the sixth most densely populated of the 50 United States. Delaware is divided into three counties. From north to south, these three counties are New Castle, Kent, and Sussex. While the southern two counties have historically been predominantly agricultural, New Castle County has been more industrialized.\nBefore its coastline was explored by Europeans in the 16th century, Delaware was inhabited by several groups of American Indians, including the Lenape in the north and Nanticoke in the south. It was initially colonized by Dutch traders at Zwaanendael, located near the present town of Lewes, in 1631. Delaware was one of the 13 colonies participating in the American Revolution and on December 7, 1787, became the first state to ratify the Constitution of the United States, thereby becoming known as The First State.
/m/01n8gr	Kenneth Ray \"Kenny\" Rogers is an American singer-songwriter, photographer, record producer, actor, entrepreneur and author, and member of the Country Music Hall of Fame.\nThough he has been most successful with country audiences, he has charted more than 120 hit singles across various music genres, topped the country and pop album charts for more than 200 individual weeks in the United States alone and has sold over 100 million records worldwide, making him one of the highest-selling artists of all time.\nTwo of his albums, The Gambler and Kenny, are featured in the About.com poll of \"The 200 Most Influential Country Albums Ever\". He was voted the \"Favorite Singer of All-Time\" in a 1986 joint poll by readers of both USA Today and People. He has received numerous such awards as the AMAs, Grammys, ACMs and CMAs, as well as a lifetime achievement award for a career spanning six decades in 2003.\nLater success includes the 2006 album release, Water & Bridges, an across the board hit, that hit the Top 5 in the Billboard Country Albums sales charts, also charting in the Top 15 of the Billboard 200. The first single from the album, \"I Can't Unlove You,\" was also a sizable chart hit. Remaining a popular entertainer around the world, the following year he completed a tour of the United Kingdom and Ireland, telling BBC Radio 2 DJ Steve Wright his favourite hit was \"The Gambler\". He has also acted in a variety of movies and television shows, most notably the title roles in Kenny Rogers as The Gambler and the MacShayne series as well as his appearance on The Muppet Show.
/m/022zq3	BBC Three is a television channel from the BBC broadcasting via digital cable, terrestrial, IPTV and satellite platforms. The channel's target audience includes those in the 16–34 year old age group, and has the purpose of providing \"innovative\" content to younger audiences, focusing on new talent and new technologies. The channel is on-air from 19:00 to around 05:00 each night, in order to share terrestrial television bandwidth with CBBC.\nUnlike its commercial rivals, 90% of BBC Three's output is from the United Kingdom and other European Union countries. 70% is original, covering all genres, from current affairs, to drama, to comedy to animation. BBC Three has a unique 60 Seconds format for its news bulletins, adopted so that operation of the channel could be completely automated, without the complication of dealing with variable length live news broadcasts. The current controller of the station is Zai Bennett.
/m/02yv6b	Blues rock is a musical genre combining bluesy improvisations over the twelve-bar blues and extended boogie jams with rock and roll styles. The core of the blues rock sound is created by the electric guitar, piano, bass guitar and drum kit, with the electric guitar usually amplified through a tube guitar amplifier, giving it an overdriven character.\nThe style began to develop in the mid-1960s in Britain and the United States. British bands, such as the Rolling Stones, the Yardbirds and the Animals and American bands such as the Butterfield Blues Band and the Siegel–Schwall Band, experimented with music from older African-American bluesmen, like Albert King, Howlin' Wolf, Robert Johnson, Jimmy Reed, Muddy Waters and B.B. King. While the early blues rock bands \"attempted to play long, involved improvisations which were commonplace on jazz records\", by the 1970s, blues rock got heavier and more riff-based. By the \"early '70s, the lines between blues rock and hard rock were barely visible\", as bands began recording rock-style albums. In the 1980s and 1990s, blues rock acts returned to their bluesy roots, and some of these, such as the Fabulous Thunderbirds and Stevie Ray Vaughan, flirted with rock stardom.\"
/m/0cv3w	Las Vegas is the most populous city in the U.S. state of Nevada and the county seat of Clark County. Las Vegas is an internationally renowned major resort city known primarily for gambling, shopping, fine dining, and nightlife and is the leading financial and cultural center for Southern Nevada. The city bills itself as The Entertainment Capital of the World, and is famous for its consolidated casino–hotels and associated entertainment. A growing retirement and family city, Las Vegas is the 31st-most populous city in the United States, with a population at the 2010 census of 583,756. The 2010 population of the Las Vegas metropolitan area was 1,951,269. The city is one of the top three leading destinations in the United States for conventions, business, and meetings. Today, Las Vegas is one of the top tourist destinations in the world.\nEstablished in 1905, Las Vegas was incorporated as a city in 1911. At the close of the 20th century, Las Vegas was the most populous American city founded in that century. The city's tolerance for various forms of adult entertainment earned it the title of Sin City, and this image has made Las Vegas a popular setting for films and television programs. There are numerous outdoor lighting displays on Fremont Street, as well as elsewhere in the city.
/m/01h96	A boy band is loosely defined as a vocal group consisting of young male singers, usually in their teenage years or in their twenties at the time of formation. Being vocal groups, most boy band members do not play musical instruments, either in recording sessions or on stage, making the term something of a misnomer. However, exceptions do exist. Most boy bands dance as well as sing, usually giving highly choreographed performances.\nSome such bands form on their own. They can evolve out of church choral or gospel music groups, but are often created by talent managers or record producers who hold auditions. Due to this and their general commercial orientation towards a female audience of preteens, teenyboppers, or teens, the term may be used with negative connotations in music journalism. Boy bands are similar in concept to their counterparts, girl groups.
/m/0kvjrw	Ilaiyaraaja is an Indian film composer who works in the Indian film Industry. His body of work has spanned across Tamil, Telugu, Malayalam, Kannada, Hindi and English language films. Regarded as one of the finest music composers in India, Ilaiyaraaja is also an instrumentalist, conductor, singer, and a songwriter. To date, he has composed over 4500 songs and provided film scores for more than 950 Indian films in various languages, particularly being acclaimed for his background scoring. His songs and background score played a very crucial role in the success of many films.\nIlaiyaraaja has been a prominent composer of film music in the South Indian cinema since the late 1970s. His works are mainly in Tamil, but has also scored music for numerous films in Telugu, Malayalam, Kannada, and Hindi. Off late, he also composed for 2 Marathi films. He integrated folk—in Tamil—and introduced western musical sensibilities into the South Indian musical mainstream.\nA gold medalist in classical guitar from Trinity College of Music, London, in 1993, he organised a full symphony and thus became the first Asian to compose a full symphony performed by the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra in London's Walthamstow Town Hall, which is yet to be released. In 2003, according to an international poll conducted by BBC, people from 155 countries voted his composition \"Rakkamma Kaiya Thattu\" from the 1991 film Thalapathi as fourth in the world's top 10 most popular songs of all time. He was also nominated in the Best Indian album Music Awards category at US based Just Plain Folks Music Organization, which is the largest grassroots music organization in the world, and stood third for his \"Music Journey: Live in Italy\".
/m/0f830f	Robert Clohessy is an American actor. He is best known for playing Correctional Officer Sean Murphy on the HBO drama Oz.
/m/02_l39	NBCUniversal, Inc. – formerly known as NBCUniversal Media, LLC on January 29, 2011, and NBC Universal, Inc. previously from November 29, 2004 to January 28, 2011, and colloquially referred to as NBCU or NBCUni – is an American media and entertainment company engaged in the production and marketing of entertainment, news, and information products and services to a global customer base. The company owns and operates American television networks, numerous cable channels, and a group of local stations in the United States, as well as motion picture companies, several television production companies, and branded theme parks.\nNBC Universal was formed in August 2004 by the merger of General Electric's NBC with Vivendi's Vivendi Universal Entertainment. GE and US cable TV operator Comcast announced a buyout agreement for the company on December 3, 2009. Following regulatory approvals, the transaction completed on January 28, 2011. Comcast subsequently owned 51% of NBC Universal while GE owned 49%. Comcast intended to buy out the rest of GE's stake over the following seven years, but nothing happened until February 12, 2013, when Comcast announced its intention to complete the purchase all at once and assume 100% ownership of the company by the end of March. The deal was finalized on March 19, 2013.
/m/027z0pl	Gary Barber is an American film producer of South African descent. Since 2010 Barber is chairman and CEO of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. He is also co-founder of Spyglass Entertainment.
/m/02rn00y	Up is a 2009 American 3D computer-animated comedy-adventure film produced by Pixar Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures. Directed by Pete Docter, the film centers on an elderly widower named Carl Fredricksen and an earnest young Wilderness Explorer named Russell. By tying thousands of balloons to his home, 78-year-old Carl sets out to fulfill his lifelong dream to see the wilds of South America and to complete a promise made to his lifelong love. The film was co-directed by Bob Peterson, with music composed by Michael Giacchino.\nDocter began working on the story in 2004, which was based on fantasies of escaping from life when it becomes too irritating. He and eleven other Pixar artists spent three days in Venezuela gathering research and inspiration. The designs of the characters were caricatured and stylized considerably, and animators were challenged with creating realistic cloth. The floating house is attached by a varying number between 10,000 and 20,000 balloons in the film's sequences. Up was Pixar's first film to be presented in Disney Digital 3-D.\nUp was released on May 29, 2009 and opened the 2009 Cannes Film Festival, becoming the first animated and 3D film to do so. The film became a great financial success, accumulating over $731 million in its theatrical release. Up received critical acclaim, with most reviewers commending the humor and heart of the film. Edward Asner was praised for his portrayal of Carl, and a montage of Carl and his wife Ellie aging together was widely lauded. The film received five Academy Award nominations, including Best Picture, making it the second animated film in history to receive such a nomination, following Beauty and the Beast.
/m/01c59k	Robert Porter \"Bob\" McKimson, Sr. was an American animator, illustrator, and director best known for his work on the Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies series of cartoons from Warner Bros., and later DePatie-Freleng Enterprises. He was also well known for defining Bugs Bunny's look in 1943.
/m/04l8xw	The Academy of Television Arts & Sciences was founded in the United States in 1946, just one month after American network television was born. It is a nonprofit organization devoted to the advancement of telecommunications arts and sciences and to fostering creative leadership in the telecommunications industry. The Television Academy is the only major U.S. organization devoted entirely to television and is made up of more than 15,000 members representing 28 professional peer groups, including performers, directors, producers, art directors and various other artisans, technicians and executives.
/m/0b_6v_	The 1992 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament involved 64 schools playing in single-elimination play to determine the national champion of men's NCAA Division I college basketball. It began on March 19, 1992, and ended with the championship game on April 6 in Minneapolis, Minnesota. A total of 63 games were played.\nDuke, coached by Mike Krzyzewski, defeated the Michigan Wolverines, coached by Steve Fisher, 71–51 to claim their second consecutive national championship. Bobby Hurley of Duke was named the tournament's Most Outstanding Player. Michigan subsequently vacated its final two tournament games as part of the University of Michigan basketball scandal.\nThis tournament is best remembered for the East regional final pitting Duke and Kentucky at The Spectrum in Philadelphia. With 2.1 seconds remaining in overtime, Duke trailed 103–102. Grant Hill threw a pass the length of the court to Christian Laettner, who dribbled once, turned, and hit a jumper as time expired for the 104-103 win. Sports Illustrated deemed it the greatest college basketball game of all time, and ESPN included it as number 17 on its list of top 100 sports moments of the past 25 years. It is number one on the USA Today list of the greatest NCAA tournament games of all time. This tournament also saw darkhorse Cincinnati crash the Final Four in route to returning to national prominence. The Final Four participants combined for 35 Final Four appearances and 12 national titles with Michigan enjoying 6 Final Fours, 1 national title, Cincinnati 6 Final Fours, 2 national titles, Indiana 8 Final Fours and 5 national titles and Duke experiencing 15 Final Fours and 4 national titles.
/m/0j2pg	Brighton and Hove Albion Football Club is an English football club based in the coastal city of Brighton & Hove, East Sussex. It is often referred to just as Brighton. They currently play in the Football League Championship, the second tier of the English football league system.\nThe team is nicknamed the \"Seagulls\" or \"Albion\". The team has historically played in blue and white stripes, though this changed to all white briefly in the 1970s and again to plain blue during the club's most successful spell in the 1980s. Crystal Palace is considered the club's main rival.\nFounded in 1901, Brighton played their early professional football in the Southern League before being elected to the Football League in 1920. The club enjoyed greatest prominence between 1979 and 1983 when they played in the First Division and reached the 1983 FA Cup Final, losing to Manchester United after a replay. They were relegated from the top division in the same season. Mismanagement brought Brighton close to relegation from the Football League to the Conference which they narrowly avoided in 1997 and 1998. A boardroom takeover saved Brighton from liquidation, and following successive promotions they returned to the second tier of English football in 2002 and have played in the second and third tiers ever since.
/m/02wxvtv	Sharat Saxena is an Indian actor working in Bollywood films. He has acted in more than 250 Bollywood films. Saxena started his career in the early 70s and has mainly played either supporting roles of a father, uncle or villainous roles.\nHe has starred in some of the most successful films of Bollywood like Mr. India, Tridev, Ghayal, Khiladi, Ghulam, Gupt: The Hidden Truth, Soldier, Baghban, Fanaa, Krrish, Ek Hi Raasta and many more. His performances in these films have established him as one of the finest supporting actors in Bollywood. He has also appeared in many Telugu, Malayalam and Tamil films.\nHe played the role of Kichaka in the popular television serial Mahabharat.\nHe was also nominated for Filmfare Best Villain Award for Ghulam.\nHe currently lives in Madh Island, a colony on the outskirts of Mumbai. He lives with his wife Shobha and two children, Veera and Vishal and dog Razor.
/m/014j1m	The apple is the pomaceous fruit of the apple tree, species Malus domestica in the rose family. It is one of the most widely cultivated tree fruits, and the most widely known of the many members of genus Malus that are used by humans. Apples grow on small, deciduous trees. The tree originated in Central Asia, where its wild ancestor, Malus sieversii, is still found today. Apples have been grown for thousands of years in Asia and Europe, and were brought to North America by European colonists. Apples have been present in the mythology and religions of many cultures, including Norse, Greek and Christian traditions. In 2010, the fruit's genome was decoded as part of research on disease control and selective breeding in apple production.\nThere are more than 7,500 known cultivars of apples, resulting in a range of desired characteristics. Different cultivars are bred for various tastes and uses, including cooking, fresh eating and cider production. Domestic apples are generally propagated by grafting, although wild apples grow readily from seed. Trees are prone to a number of fungal, bacterial and pest problems, which can be controlled by a number of organic and non-organic means.
/m/01f8gz	Chungking Express is a 1994 drama, mystery, romance film written and directed by Kar Wai Wong.
/m/01t9_0	The Rank Organisation was a British entertainment conglomerate founded by industrialist J. Arthur Rank in 1937. It quickly became the largest and most vertically integrated film company in Britain, owning production, distribution and exhibition facilities. It also diversified into the manufacture of radios, TVs and photocopiers. The company name lasted until 1996 when the name and some of the remaining assets were taken over by gaming company The Rank Group Plc.\nThe company logo, the Gongman, first used in 1935 by the group's distribution company General Film Distributors and seen in the opening titles of the films, became an iconic film emblem.
/m/01dzq6	Richmond is a suburban town in south west London, 8.2 miles west-southwest of Charing Cross. The town is on a meander of the River Thames, with a large number of parks and open spaces, including Richmond Park, and many protected conservation areas, which include much of Richmond Hill. A specific Act of Parliament protects the scenic view of the River Thames from Richmond.\nRichmond was founded following Henry VII's building of Richmond Palace in the 16th century, from which the town derives its name. During this era the town and palace were particularly associated with Elizabeth I, who spent her last days here. During the 18th century Richmond Bridge was completed and many Georgian terraces were built, particularly around Richmond Green and on Richmond Hill. These remain well preserved and many have listed building architectural or heritage status. The opening of the railway station in 1846 was a significant event in the absorption of the town into a rapidly expanding London. Richmond was formerly part of the ancient parish of Kingston upon Thames in the county of Surrey. The town became a municipal borough in 1890, which was enlarged in 1892 and 1933. The municipal borough was abolished in 1965 when, as a result of boundary changes, Richmond was transferred to Greater London. It is now part of the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames. It has a significant commercial and retail centre with a developed day and evening economy.
/m/0fnx1	Charlottetown is a Canadian city. It is both the largest city on and the provincial capital of Prince Edward Island, and the county seat of Queens County. Named after Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz, queen consort of the United Kingdom, Charlottetown was first incorporated as a town in 1855 and designated as a city in 1885. It was most famously the site of the Charlottetown Conference in 1864, the first gathering of Canadian and Maritime statesmen to debate the proposed Maritime Union and the more persuasive British North American Union, now known as Canadian Confederation. From this, the city adopted as its motto \"Cunabula Foederis\" -- \"Birthplace of Confederation\".\nThe population of Charlottetown in the 2011 census was 34,562; this forms the centre of a census agglomeration of 64,487, which is slightly less than half of the province's population.
/m/025jfl	Fox Searchlight Pictures, established in 1994, is an American film distribution company within the Fox Entertainment Group, a sister company of the larger Fox studio 20th Century Fox. It specializes in US distribution of independent and British films, alongside dramedy and horror as well as non-English-language films, and is sometimes also involved in the financing of these films.\nFrom 1982 to 1985, prior to the creation of Searchlight, Fox previously released independent films and specialty releases under the banner of 20th Century-Fox International Classics, later renamed 20th Century-Fox Specialized Film Division, then TLC Films. The most notable of the releases under these banners include Bill Cosby: Himself, Eating Raoul, The Gods Must Be Crazy, Reuben, Reuben, and Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars.\nIn 2006, a sub-label, Fox Atomic, was created to produce and/or distribute genre films. Its first release was Turistas. Fox Atomic closed down in 2009.\nAs is the case with Fox's television unit, all copyright notices of programming produced by a Fox-related company bear the copyright of the overall film studio, i.e. \"© Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation\".
/m/075znj	Victor Entertainment, Inc. is a subsidiary of Japan Victor Company that produces and distributes music, movies and other entertainment products such as anime and television shows in Japan. It was formerly known as Victor Music Industries. It was affiliated with RCA Victor Records.
/m/068gn	The Purple Heart is a United States military decoration awarded in the name of the President to those wounded or killed, while serving, on or after April 5, 1917, with the U.S. military. With its forerunner, the Badge of Military Merit, which took the form of a heart made of purple cloth, the Purple Heart is the oldest military award still given to U.S. military members; the only earlier award being the obsolete Fidelity Medallion. The National Purple Heart Hall of Honor is located in New Windsor, New York.
/m/01h910	Raymond Albert \"Ray\" Romano is an American actor, stand-up comedian, screenwriter and voice actor, best known for his roles on the sitcom Everybody Loves Raymond, for which he received an Emmy Award, and voicing Manny in the Ice Age film series. He created and starred in the TNT comedy-drama Men of a Certain Age. In 2012, Romano began appearing in Parenthood.
/m/089kpp	Graeme Revell is a New Zealand film score composer.Some of Revell's best known film scores include The Crow, Street Fighter, Mighty Morphin Power Rangers: The Movie, From Dusk Till Dawn, The Craft, The Crow: City of Angels, The Saint, Spawn, The Negotiator, Bride of Chucky, Titan A.E., Lara Croft: Tomb Raider, Freddy vs. Jason, Daredevil and Sin City. He is also known for his frequent collaborations with director David Twohy, having scored Below and the Riddick franchise.
/m/0jswp	High Noon is a 1952 American Western film directed by Fred Zinnemann and starring Gary Cooper and Grace Kelly. In nearly real time, the film tells the story of a town marshal forced to face a gang of killers by himself. The screenplay was written by Carl Foreman. The film won four Academy Awards and two Golden Globe Awards.
/m/05s34b	Cumulus Media Networks is an American radio network owned and operated by Cumulus Media. As of 2011 it controls many of the radio assets formerly belonging to the American Broadcasting Company, which was broken up in 2007; Cumulus owns the portion of the network that was purchased by Citadel Broadcasting that year. The network adopted its current name in September 2011, following Cumulus's acquisition of Citadel; prior to this, it had been known as Citadel Media Networks since April 2009, after licensing the \"ABC Radio Networks\" name from The Walt Disney Company for nearly two years. The company is helmed by two radio executives from Atlanta.\nProminent hosts carried by Cumulus Media Networks include Don Imus, Geraldo Rivera, Mike Huckabee, Mark Levin, Michael Savage, Jim Brickman, Adam Bomb, Kix Brooks, and Tom Kent.
/m/0130sy	John Roy \"Jon\" Anderson is an English singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist musician best known as the former lead vocalist in the progressive rock band Yes. He is also an accomplished solo artist and has collaborated with musicians such as the Greek musician Vangelis, amongst others.
/m/0kbg6	Christopher S. \"Chris\" Claremont is a British-born American comic book writer and novelist, known for his 16-year stint on Uncanny X-Men, far longer than any other writer, during which he is credited with developing strong female characters, and with introducing complex literary themes into superhero narratives, turning the once underachieving comic into one of Marvel’s most popular series.\nDuring his tenure at Marvel, Claremont co-created numerous important X-Men characters, such as Rogue, Psylocke, Shadowcat, Phoenix, Mystique, Lady Mastermind, Emma Frost, Siryn, Jubilee, Rachel Summers, Madelyne Pryor, Sabretooth, Strong Guy, Mister Sinister, Captain Britain and Gambit. Claremont scripted many classic stories, including \"The Dark Phoenix Saga\" and \"Days of Future Past\", on which he collaborated with John Byrne. He developed the character of Wolverine into a fan favorite. X-Men #1, the 1991 spinoff series premiere that Claremont co-wrote with Jim Lee, remains the best-selling comic book of all time, according to Guinness World Records.
/m/0qf5p	Fairbanks is a home rule city in and the borough seat of the Fairbanks North Star Borough in the U.S. state of Alaska.\nFairbanks is the largest city in the Interior region of Alaska, and second largest in the state, after Anchorage. It is the principal city of the Fairbanks, Alaska, Metropolitan Statistical Area which encompasses all of the Fairbanks North Star Borough and is the northernmost Metropolitan Statistical Area in the United States, lying less than 120 miles south of the Arctic Circle.\nAccording to 2012 estimates, the population of the city was 32,070, and the population of the Fairbanks North Star Borough was 100,343. Fairbanks is home to the University of Alaska Fairbanks, the oldest of Alaska's current colleges.
/m/0lccn	Leonard Norman Cohen, CC GOQ is a Canadian singer-songwriter, musician, poet, and novelist. His work has explored religion, politics, isolation, sexuality, and personal relationships. Cohen has been inducted into the American Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and both the Canadian Music Hall of Fame and the Canadian Songwriters Hall of Fame. He is also a Companion of the Order of Canada, the nation's highest civilian honour. In 2011, Cohen received a Prince of Asturias Award for literature.\nThe critic Bruce Eder assessed Cohen's overall career in popular music by asserting that \"[he is] one of the most fascinating and enigmatic … singer/songwriters of the late '60s … [and] has retained an audience across four decades of music-making … Second only to Bob Dylan [in terms of influence], he commands the attention of critics and younger musicians more firmly than any other musical figure from the 1960s who is still working at the outset of the 21st century.\"\nThe Academy of American Poets has commented more broadly on Cohen's overall career in the arts, including his work as a poet, novelist, and songwriter, stating that \"[Cohen's] successful blending of poetry, fiction, and music is made most clear in Stranger Music: Selected Poems and Songs, published in 1993, which gathered more than 200 of Cohen's poems … several novel excerpts, and almost 60 song lyrics … While it may seem to some that Leonard Cohen departed from the literary in pursuit of the musical, his fans continue to embrace him as a Renaissance man who straddles the elusive artistic borderlines.\"
/m/07hgkd	David Lee Shire is an American songwriter and composer of stage musicals, film and television scores. The soundtrack to the 1974 movie The Taking of Pelham One Two Three, the soundtrack for Francis Coppola's The Conversation, and parts of the Saturday Night Fever soundtrack such as \"Manhattan Skyline\", are some of his best-known works. His other work includes the score of the 1985 film Return to Oz, the \"sequel-in-part\" of The Wizard of Oz, and the stage musical scores of Baby, Big, Closer Than Ever, and Starting Here, Starting Now. Shire is married to actress Didi Conn.
/m/0chgzm	Melbourne is the capital and most populous city in the state of Victoria, and the second most populous city in Australia. The name \"Melbourne\" refers to an urban agglomeration area spanning 9,900 km² that comprises the greater metropolis – as well as being a common name for its metropolitan hub, the Melbourne City Centre. It is a leading financial centre in Australia, as well as the Asia-Pacific region, and has been ranked the world's most livable city since 2011, according the Economist Intelligence Unit. In 2013 the EIU also ranked Melbourne the fourth most expensive city in the world, tying with Oslo, Norway. Melbourne is rated highly in the areas of education, entertainment, healthcare, research and development, tourism and sports.\nIt is located on the large natural bay of Port Phillip, with its City Centre situated at the northernmost point of the bay – near to the estuary of the Yarra River. The metropolitan area extends south from the City Centre, along the eastern and western shorelines of Port Phillip, and expands into the hinterlands – toward the Dandenong and Macedon mountain ranges, Mornington Peninsula and Yarra Valley. The City Centre is located in the municipality known as the City of Melbourne, and the metropolis consists of a further 30 municipalities. Melbourne has a population of 4.25 million, and the fastest growing population among Australian capital cities. Inhabitants of the city are called Melburnians.
/m/044lyq	Jared Francis Harris is a British actor, best known for his roles as Lane Pryce on the AMC series Mad Men and David Robert Jones on the Fox science-fiction series Fringe, besides his work in films like Igby Goes Down, The Rachel Papers, Lost in Space, Resident Evil: Apocalypse, How to Kill Your Neighbor's Dog, Happiness, Mr. Deeds, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, Sherlock Holmes: A Game of Shadows, and Lincoln.
/m/030p35	Picket Fences is an American television drama about the residents of the town of Rome, Wisconsin, created and produced by David E. Kelley. The show initially ran from September 18, 1992, to June 26, 1996, on the CBS television network in the United States. It sometimes struggled to maintain a stable prime-time audience and had fluctuating ratings, due in part to its Friday night time slot. In its first season on the air it placed 80th in the prime-time Nielsen ratings and in its second season it moved to 66th. The show's exteriors were shot in the L.A. suburb of Monrovia, California, with many of the townspeople appearing in the background of episodes.
/m/01s9vc	The Birds is a 1963 suspense/horror film directed by Alfred Hitchcock, loosely based on the 1952 story \"The Birds\" by Daphne du Maurier. It depicts Bodega Bay, California, which is, suddenly and for unexplained reasons, the subject of a series of widespread and violent bird attacks over the course of a few days.\nThe film was billed as 'introducing' Tippi Hedren. It also starred Rod Taylor, Jessica Tandy, Suzanne Pleshette and a young Veronica Cartwright.\nThe screenplay was written by Evan Hunter. Hitchcock told him to develop new characters and a more elaborate plot, keeping Du Maurier's title and concept of unexplained bird attacks.
/m/04mkbj	Maroon is a dark brownish-red color, which takes its name from the French word marron, or chestnut. The Oxford English Dictionary describes it as \"a brownish crimson or claret color.\" In the RGB model used to create colors on computer screens and televisions, maroon is created by turning down the brightness of red by about half.
/m/03r0rq	The Venture Bros. is an American animated television series that premiered on Cartoon Network's Adult Swim on February 16, 2003. The series mixes action and comedy together while it chronicles the adventures of the Venture family: well-meaning but incompetent teenagers Hank and Dean Venture; their emotionally insecure, ethically challenged, under-achieving super-scientist father Dr. Thaddeus \"Rusty\" Venture; the family's bodyguard, originally the ultra-violent and macho secret agent Brock Samson and his subsequent replacement, the reformed super villain and \"cured\" pederast Sergeant Hatred; and the family's self-proclaimed arch-nemesis, The Monarch, a butterfly-themed super villain.\nChristopher McCulloch, otherwise known as Jackson Publick, announced on March 22, 2011, that the show had been renewed for seasons 5 and 6, with pre-production to have begun in June 2011. Season five began airing on June 2, 2013.
/m/01n1gc	Benjamin Jeremy \"Ben\" Stein is an American actor, writer, lawyer, and commentator on political and economic issues. He attained early success as a speechwriter for American presidents Richard Nixon and Gerald Ford. Later, he entered the entertainment field and became an actor, comedian, and Emmy Award-winning game show host.\nStein has frequently written commentaries on economic, political, and social issues, along with financial advice to individual investors. He is the son of economist and writer Herbert Stein, who worked at the White House under President Nixon. His sister, Rachel, is also a writer. While, as a character actor, he is well known for his droning, monotone delivery, in real life he is a public speaker on a wide range of economic and social issues.
/m/0vbk	Arkansas is a state located in the Southern region of the United States. Its name is of Algonquian derivation, denoting the Quapaw Indians. The state's diverse geography ranges from the mountainous regions of the Ozark and the Ouachita Mountains, which make up the U.S. Interior Highlands, to the densely forested land in the south known as the Arkansas Timberlands, to the eastern lowlands along the Mississippi River and the Arkansas Delta. Known as \"the Natural State\", the diverse regions of Arkansas offer residents and tourists a variety of opportunities for outdoor recreation.\nArkansas is the 29th largest in square miles and the 32nd most populous of the 50 United States. The capital and most populous city is Little Rock, located in the central portion of the state, a hub for transportation, business, culture, and government. The northwestern corner of the state, including the Fayetteville–Springdale–Rogers Metropolitan Area and Fort Smith metropolitan area, is also an important population, education, and economic center. The largest city in the eastern part of the state is Jonesboro.\nThe Territory of Arkansas was admitted to the Union as the 25th state on June 15, 1836. Arkansas withdrew from the United States and joined the Confederate States of America during the Civil War. Upon returning to the Union, the state would continue to suffer due to its earlier reliance on slavery and the plantation economy, causing the state to fall behind economically and socially. White rural interests continued to dominate the state's politics until the Civil Rights movement in the mid-20th century. Arkansas began to diversify its economy following World War II and now relies on its service industry as well as aircraft, poultry, steel and tourism in addition to cotton and rice.
/m/0ftps	Richard Christopher \"Rick\" Wakeman is an English keyboard player and songwriter best known for being the former keyboardist in the progressive rock band Yes. He is also known for his solo albums, contributing to the BBC comedy series Grumpy Old Men and for Rick's Place, his former radio show on Planet Rock that aired until December 2010.\nWakeman was born in West London. He purchased his first electronic keyboard at 12 years of age. In 1968, he studied the piano, clarinet, orchestration and modern music at the Royal College of Music before leaving after a year in favour of session music work. He went on to feature on songs by artists including Black Sabbath, David Bowie, T. Rex, Elton John and Cat Stevens. Wakeman joined the folk group Strawbs in 1969 and played on three of their albums. He first joined Yes in 1971 to replace Tony Kaye, and left the group in 1974 to work on his solo career. He returned in 1976 before leaving with lead vocalist Jon Anderson in 1980. Wakeman was part of the side project Anderson Bruford Wakeman Howe, a group of ex-Yes members formed in 1989, and the eight-member Yes line-up that followed until his third departure in 1992. He returned for two years in 1995 and once more in 2002, where he was part of the band's 35th anniversary tour until its end in 2004.
/m/0ny57	Sedona is a city that straddles the county line between Coconino and Yavapai counties in the northern Verde Valley region of the U.S. state of Arizona. As of the 2010 census, its population was 10,031.\nSedona's main attraction is its array of red sandstone formations. The formations appear to glow in brilliant orange and red when illuminated by the rising or setting sun. The red rocks form a popular backdrop for many activities, ranging from spiritual pursuits to the hundreds of hiking and mountain biking trails.\nSedona was named after Sedona Arabella Miller Schnebly, the wife of Theodore Carlton Schnebly, the city's first postmaster, who was celebrated for her hospitality and industriousness.
/m/0f6vds	English Baroque is a term sometimes used to refer to the developments in English architecture that were parallel to the evolution of Baroque architecture in continental Europe between the Great Fire of London and the Treaty of Utrecht.\nBaroque aesthetics, whose influence was so potent in mid-17th century France, made little impact in England during the Protectorate and the first Restoration years.\nSir Christopher Wren presided over the genesis of the English Baroque manner, which differed from the continental models by clarity of design and subtle taste for classicism. Following the Great Fire of London, Wren rebuilt fifty three churches, where Baroque aesthetics are apparent primarily in dynamic structure and multiple changing views. His most ambitious work was St Paul's Cathedral, which bears comparison with the most effulgent domed churches of Italy and France. In this majestically proportioned edifice, the Palladian tradition of Inigo Jones is fused with contemporary continental sensibilities in masterly equilibrium. Less influential were straightforward attempts to engraft the Berniniesque vision onto British church architecture and the contemporary mood soon shifted toward the stripped down orthodoxy of British Palladianism popularised by Colen Campbell's influential Vitruvius Britannicus.
/m/0278rq7	Silver Screen Partners refers to four limited partnerships organized as an alternative funding source for movies. The managing general partner for the partnerships was Silver Screen Management, Inc.\nGeorge W. Bush was a member of Silver Screen Management, Inc.'s Board of Directors from 1983 to 1993. This became a part of the campaign issue over Hollywood's \"pervasiveness of violence\" in the 2000 President campaign over Silver Screen Management Board's approval of the highly violent horror-suspense film The Hitcher.
/m/09nqf	The United States dollar, is referred to as the U.S. dollar, or Federal Reserve Note. It is the official currency of the United States and its overseas territories. It is divided into 100 smaller units called cents.\nThe U.S. dollar is the fiat currency most used in international transactions and is one of the world's most dominant reserve currencies. Several countries use it as their official currency, and in many others it is the de facto currency. It is also used as the sole currency in two British Overseas Territories: the British Virgin Islands and the Turks and Caicos islands.
/m/01t9qj_	Richard Bernard \"Red\" Skelton was an American entertainer best known for being a national radio and television comedian between 1937 and 1971 and host of the long-running television program The Red Skelton Show. Skelton, who has stars on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, began his show business career in his teens as a circus clown and continued on vaudeville and Broadway and in films, radio, TV, nightclubs, and casinos, all while he pursued an entirely separate career as an artist.
/m/02rk45	Elaine May is an American film director, screenwriter and actress. She achieved her greatest fame in the 1950s from her improvisational comedy routines in partnership with Mike Nichols. She is a two-time Academy Award-nominated screenwriter and also the mother of Oscar nominee Jeannie Berlin. May is a recipient of the National Medal of Arts for her unique contributions.
/m/023zsh	Ioan Gruffudd is a Welsh actor.\nHaving trained at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art, he started off in Welsh language film productions, then came to international attention as Fifth Officer Harold Lowe in the film Titanic, and as Lt John Beales in Black Hawk Down. He is also known in the UK for his role as Horatio Hornblower in Hornblower, the British made-for-TV films based on C. S. Forester's novels. In June 2012, Gruffudd filmed the fantasy adventure movie Mariah Mundi and the Midas Box throughout the south-west of England, playing the role of Charles Mundi. The movie is scheduled for release in 2013.\nGruffudd's other film roles include Lancelot in King Arthur, Mister Fantastic in Fantastic Four and the sequel Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer, and British anti-slavery abolitionist William Wilberforce in Amazing Grace. He played Tony Blair in W.. He played the role of Andrew Martin in the US thriller television series Ringer until the show's cancellation in 2012.
/m/01d259	Lost Highway is a 1997 American psychological thriller film with elements of neo-noir. Written and directed by David Lynch, the film stars Bill Pullman, Patricia Arquette, Balthazar Getty and Robert Loggia. Lynch co-wrote the screenplay with Barry Gifford, whose novel served as the basis for Lynch's Wild at Heart. The film features the last film appearances of Richard Pryor, Jack Nance, and Robert Blake. It is also notable for being the acting debut of Marilyn Manson.\nLynch conceived Lost Highway after the critical and commercial disappointment of Twin Peaks: Fire Walk with Me, a film adaptation and follow-up to the widely successful cult television series Twin Peaks. Despite receiving mixed reviews upon release, the film has developed a cult following.\nIn 2003 the film was adapted into an opera.
/m/01v0sx2	USA for Africa was the name under which 48 predominantly U.S. artists, led by Michael Jackson and Lionel Richie, recorded the hit single \"We Are the World\" in 1985. The song was a U.S. and UK number one for the collective in April of that year. This super group was inspired by Bob Geldof's Band Aid.\nThe considerable profits from the enterprise went to the USA for Africa Foundation, which used them for the relief of famine and disease in Africa and specifically to 1983–1985 famine in Ethiopia.\nUSA for Africa also held a benefit event, Hands Across America, in which approximately seven million people held hands in a human chain for fifteen minutes along a path across the continental United States. Participants paid ten dollars to stand in line and the money raised was used to fight hunger and homelessness in Africa.\nThe combined revenues raised from the sales of \"We Are the World\" and Hands Across America was almost $100 million.
/m/0356dp	Julian Wyatt Glover CBE is an English actor whose film roles have included a wide range of characters, including General Maximilian Veers in Star Wars Episode V: The Empire Strikes Back, the James Bond villain Aristotle Kristatos in For Your Eyes Only, Walter Donovan in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade and Brian Harcourt-Smith in The Fourth Protocol, among dozens of others. More recently, in January 2013, he has appeared as General Beauvilliers in the BBC drama, Spies of Warsaw and he has played the recurring role of Grand Maester Pycelle on HBO's Game of Thrones since 2011.
/m/047d21r	The Fighter is a 2010 biographical sports drama film directed by David O. Russell, and starring Mark Wahlberg, Christian Bale, Amy Adams and Melissa Leo. The film centers on the life of professional boxer Micky Ward and his older half-brother Dicky Eklund. The film also stars Amy Adams as Micky's love interest, and Melissa Leo as Micky's and Dicky's mother. The Fighter is Russell and Wahlberg's third film collaboration, following Three Kings and I Heart Huckabees.\nThe film was released in select North American theaters on December 17, 2010 and was released in the United Kingdom on February 4, 2011. It was nominated for seven Academy Awards, including Best Picture and Best Director, winning the awards for Best Supporting Actor and Best Supporting Actress. It was the first film to win both awards since Hannah and Her Sisters in 1986.
/m/03x82v	Juan Esteban Aristizábal Vásquez, better known as Juanes, is a Colombian musician who was a member of the heavy metal band Ekhymosis and is now a solo artist. In 2000, his solo debut album Fíjate Bien won three Latin Grammy Awards. According to his record label, Juanes has sold more than 15 million albums worldwide.\nRaised in Medellín, Colombia, Juanes began playing guitar at age seven. At age 15, He started his first band, Ekhymosis, in 1988, which went on to release five albums, achieving recognition in his native Colombia. The track \"Sólo\" from the album \"Niño Gigante\" in 1992 was very popular. In 1997 after the band broke up, Juanes continued solo and in 2000 he released the album, Fíjate Bien, which earned him three Latin Grammys. His follow-up album, Un Dia Normal, was released in 2002 and was later certified platinum in multiple countries throughout Latin America. Juanes' third album, Mi Sangre, which becomes an international bestseller, managing to position well in a number of countries around the world, achieved success due to the single \"La Camisa Negra\". He has since released La Vida... Es Un Ratico and P.A.R.C.E.. On May 29, 2012 Juanes released the album Juanes MTV Unplugged.
/m/0km3f	The Labrador Retriever is one of several kinds of retrievers, a type of gun dog. Even-tempered and well-behaved around young children and the elderly. Labradors are athletic, playful, and the most popular breed of dog by registered ownership in Australia, Canada, New Zealand, the United Kingdom, and the United States.\nA favourite assistance dog breed in these and other countries, Labradors are frequently trained to aid people who are blind and people with autism, act as therapy dogs, and perform screening and detection work for law enforcement and other official agencies. They are prized as sporting and waterfowl hunting dogs. A few kennels breeding these grew up in England; at the same time a combination of sheep protection policy and rabies quarantine led to their gradual demise in their country of origin.\nThe first and second Earls of Malmesbury, who bred for duck shooting on his estate, and the 5th and 6th Dukes of Buccleuch, and youngest son Lord George William Montagu-Douglas-Scott, were instrumental in developing and establishing the modern Labrador breed in 19th century England. The dogs Avon and Ned given by Malmesbury to assist the Duke of Buccleuch's breeding program in the 1880s are considered the ancestors of modern Labradors.
/m/0rn8q	Coral Gables, officially the City of Coral Gables, is a city in Miami-Dade County, Florida, southwest of Downtown Miami. According to United States Census Bureau estimates conducted in 2005, the city had a population of 42,871. The city's population was 47,401 according to 2012 estimates by the Nielsen Company. Coral Gables is home to the University of Miami.
/m/01p1z_	John Nicholas Cassavetes was an American actor, film director and screenwriter. He acted in many Hollywood films, notably Rosemary's Baby and The Dirty Dozen. Cassevetes was also a pioneer of American independent film by writing and directing over a dozen movies, some of which he partially self-financed, and which pioneered the use of improvisation and a realistic cinéma vérité style. He studied acting with Don Richardson, using an acting technique based on muscle memory. Nick Cassavetes is his son.
/m/05pyrb	Naruto the Movie: Legend of the Stone of Gelel is a 2005 Japanese animated action/adventure film directed by Hirotsugu Kawasaki and co-written by Kawasaki and Yuka Miyata. It is the second film based on the popular Naruto anime and manga series by Masashi Kishimoto. It was released in theaters in Japan on August 6, 2005. Unlike its predecessor, Ninja Clash in the Land of Snow, Legend of the Stone of Gelel did not see a theatrical release in the United States, and was released as a direct-to-video instead. It aired on Cartoon Network on July 26, 2008 and was then released to DVD July 29, 2008. The movie takes place after episode 160. The theme song for the film was \"Ding! Dong! Dang!\" by TUBE
/m/05fjy	New Mexico is a state located in the southwest and western regions of the United States. It is usually considered one of the Mountain States. New Mexico is the 5th most extensive, the 36th most populous, and the 6th least densely populated of the 50 United States.\nInhabited by indigenous peoples of the Americas for many centuries before European exploration, New Mexico was subsequently part of the Imperial Spanish viceroyalty of New Spain, then part of Mexico, and a U.S. territory before attaining statehood. Among U.S. states, New Mexico has the highest percentage of Hispanics, including descendants of Spanish colonists and recent immigrants from Latin America. It also has the second-highest percentage of Native Americans after Alaska, and the fourth-highest total number of Native Americans after California, Oklahoma, and Arizona. The tribes in the state consist of mostly Navajo and Pueblo and the Apache peoples. As a result, the demographics and culture of the state are unique for their strong Hispanic and Native-American influences, both of which are reflected in the state flag. The red and gold colors of the New Mexico flag are taken from the flag of Spain, along with the ancient sun symbol of the Zia, a Pueblo-related tribe.
/m/05fjf	New Jersey is a state in the Northeastern and Middle Atlantic regions of the United States. It is bordered on the north and east by New York State, on the southeast and south by the Atlantic Ocean, on the west by Pennsylvania, and on the southwest by Delaware. New Jersey is the fourth-smallest state, but the 11th-most populous and the most densely populated of the 50 United States. New Jersey lies entirely within the sprawling combined statistical areas of New York City and Philadelphia. It is also the second-wealthiest U.S. state by median household income, according to the 2008–2012 American Community Survey.\nThe area was inhabited by Native Americans for more than 2,800 years, with historical tribes such as the Lenape along the coast. In the early 17th century, the Dutch and the Swedes made the first European settlements. The English later seized control of the region, naming it the Province of New Jersey. It was granted as a colony to Sir George Carteret and John Berkeley, 1st Baron Berkeley of Stratton. At this time, it was named after the largest of the Channel Islands, Jersey, Carteret's birthplace. New Jersey was the site of several decisive battles during the American Revolutionary War.
/m/0kbvb	The 2004 Summer Olympic Games, officially known as the Games of the XXVIII Olympiad, was a premier international multi-sport event held in Athens, Greece, from 13 to 29 August 2004 with the motto Welcome Home. 10,625 athletes competed, some 600 more than expected, accompanied by 5,501 team officials from 201 countries. There were 301 medal events in 28 different sports. Athens 2004 marked the first time since the 1996 Summer Olympics that all countries with a National Olympic Committee were in attendance. It was also the first time since 1896 that the Olympics were held in Greece.\nA new medal obverse was introduced at these Games, replacing the design by Giuseppe Cassioli that had been used since the 1928 Games. This rectified the long lasting mistake of using a depiction of the Roman Colosseum rather than a Greek venue. The new design features the Panathinaiko Stadium.\nThe 2004 summer games were hailed as \"unforgettable, dream games\" by IOC president Jacques Rogge, and left Athens with a significantly improved infrastructure, including a new airport, ring road, and subway system.
/m/0124k9	The Larry Sanders Show is an American television sitcom set in the office and studio of a fictional late-night talk show. It was created by Garry Shandling and Dennis Klein and aired from August 1992 to May 1998 on the HBO cable television network. It stars Shandling, Jeffrey Tambor, Janeane Garofalo and Rip Torn and features celebrities playing exaggerated, self-parodying versions of themselves. The show has its roots in Shandling's stand-up comedy background, his experience as a guest host on The Tonight Show and his earlier sitcom It's Garry Shandling's Show. It has had a marked and long-lasting influence on HBO as well as on television shows in America and Britain such as Curb Your Enthusiasm, 30 Rock and The Office.\nThe series ranked 38 on TV Guide's 50 Greatest TV Shows of All Time, the only HBO comedy to make the list. It was also included in Time magazine's list of the \"100 Best TV Shows of All Time.\"\nThe show won 24 major awards, including three Primetime Emmy Awards, five CableACE Awards, four American Comedy Awards, two British Comedy Awards, a BAFTA Award and a Satellite Award. It also received 86 nominations, including 56 Primetime Emmy Awards nominations, five Directors Guild of America nominations, six Writers' Guild of America nominations, six American Comedy Awards nominations, three Golden Globe nominations, three Satellite Awards nominations and a GLAAD Award nomination.
/m/011ywj	Gosford Park is a 2001 British mystery film directed by Robert Altman and written by Julian Fellowes. The film stars an ensemble cast, which includes Helen Mirren, Maggie Smith, Derek Jacobi, Eileen Atkins, Alan Bates, Kristin Scott Thomas, Clive Owen, Emily Watson, Charles Dance, and Michael Gambon. The story follows a party of wealthy Britons and an American and their servants, who gather for a shooting weekend at Gosford Park, an English country house. A murder occurs after a dinner party and the film goes on to present the subsequent investigation into it from the servants' and guests' perspectives.\nDevelopment on Gosford Park began in 1999, when Bob Balaban came to Altman and asked if they could develop a film together. Altman suggested a whodunit and asked Fellowes to write the script. The film went into production in March 2001 and began filming at Shepperton Studios with a production budget of $19.8 million. Gosford Park premiered on 7 November 2001 at the London Film Festival. It received a limited release across cinemas in the United States in December 2001, before being widely released in January 2002 by USA Films. It was released in February 2002 in the United Kingdom.\nThe film was successful at the box office, grossing over $87 million in cinemas worldwide, making it Altman's second most successful film after MASH. It received multiple awards and nominations, including seven Academy Award nominations and nine British Academy Film Awards nominations.
/m/054187	John Swartzwelder is an American comedy writer and novelist, best known for his work on the animated television series The Simpsons, as well as a number of novels. He is credited with writing the largest number of Simpsons episodes by a large margin. Swartzwelder was one of several writers recruited to The Simpsons from the pages of George Meyer's Army Man magazine.
/m/09lvl1	This is a list of the winners and nominations of Tony Award for the Best Performance by a Featured Actor in a Musical. The award has been presented since 1947. It is the equivalent to the Best Supporting Actor award at the Academy Awards.
/m/01d1yr	Leslie Cheung was a Hong Kong singer-songwriter, actor, film director, record producer, and screenwriter. Cheung is considered as \"one of the founder fathers of Cantopop\" by \"combining a hugely successful film and music career.\" He rose to prominence as a teen heartthrob and pop icon of Hong Kong in the 1980s, receiving numerous music awards including both Most Popular Male Artist Awards at the 1988 and 1989 Jade Solid Gold Best Ten Music Awards. In 1989, Cheung announced his retirement from the music industry as a pop singer. Returning to the music scene after a five-year hiatus, Cheung released his chart-topping comeback album which achieved a huge market success. In 1999, he won the Golden Needle Award for his outstanding achievement as a musician at the RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards, and his 1984 hit song Monica was voted as Hong Kong's \"Song of the Century\". He was honoured as \"Asia's Biggest Superstar\" at the 2000 CCTV-MTV Music Honours.\nCheung won the 1991 Hong Kong Film Award and the 1994 Hong Kong Film Critics Society Award for best actor. He had also won the 1994 Japan Film Critics Society Award for best actor for his performance in Farewell My Concubine and ten other best actor nominations, five Golden Horse Awards, three Cannes Film Festival Awards, a Asia Pacific Film Festival Award, and a Venice Film Festival Award.
/m/01xpg	Carthage is a suburb of Tunis, Tunisia that was the centre of the Carthaginian Empire in antiquity. The city has existed for nearly 3,000 years, developing from a Phoenician colony of the 1st millennium BC into the capital of an ancient empire. It was little more than an agricultural village for nine hundred years until the middle of the 20th century; since then it has grown rapidly as an upscale coastal suburb. In 2004 it had a population of 15,922 according to the national census, and an estimated population of 21,276 in January 2013.\nHistorically Carthage has been known as: Latin: Carthago or Karthago, Ancient Greek: Καρχηδών Karkhēdōn, Etruscan: *Carθaza, from the Phoenician 𐤒𐤓𐤕 𐤇𐤃𐤔𐤕 Qart-ḥadašt meaning New City, implying it was a 'new Tyre'.\nThe first civilization that developed within the city's sphere of influence is referred to as Punic or Carthaginian. The city of Carthage is located on the eastern side of Lake Tunis across from the center of Tunis. According to Greek historians, Carthage was founded by Canaanite-speaking Phoenician colonists from Tyre under the leadership of Queen Elissa or Dido. It became a large and rich city and thus a major power in the Mediterranean. The resulting rivalry with Syracuse, Numidia, and Rome was accompanied by several wars with respective invasions of each other's homeland.
/m/03y9ccy	George Vincent \"Vince\" Gilligan, Jr. is an American writer, director, and producer. He is known for his television work, specifically being the creator of Breaking Bad, co-creator of The Lone Gunmen, and a writer and producer for The X-Files. He has two upcoming series planned: Battle Creek, a police drama, and Better Call Saul, a Breaking Bad spin-off.
/m/0fvvg	Frankfort is the capital of the Commonwealth of Kentucky and the seat of Franklin County. Based on population it is the fifth-smallest state capital in the United States and a 2nd-class city in Kentucky; the population was 25,527 at the 2010 census. Located on the Kentucky River, Frankfort is the principal city of the Frankfort, Kentucky Micropolitan Statistical Area, which includes all of Franklin and Anderson counties.
/m/0xddr	Bloomington is the fifth largest city in the state of Minnesota in Hennepin County. Located on the north bank of the Minnesota River, above its confluence with the Mississippi River, Bloomington lies at the heart of the southern metro area, 10 miles south of downtown Minneapolis. The city's population was 82,893 in the 2010 Census.\nEstablished as a post-World War II housing boom suburb connected to the urban street grid of Minneapolis and serviced by two major highways, Interstate 35W and Interstate 494. Bloomington's residential areas include upper-tier households in the western Bush Lake area and traditional middle-class families in its rows of single-family homes in the central to eastern portions. Large-scale commercial development is concentrated along the Interstate 494 corridor. Besides an extensive city park system, with over 1,000 square feet of parkland per capita, Bloomington is also home to Hyland Lake Park Reserve in the west and Minnesota Valley National Wildlife Refuge in the southeast.\nBloomington, considered by many to be a bedroom community, has more jobs per capita than either Minneapolis or Saint Paul. Its economy includes headquarters of major companies such as Ceridian, Donaldson Company, HealthPartners and Toro, and major operations of Express Scripts, Seagate Technologies and Wells Fargo Bank. The city is a hospitality and retail magnet, recognized nationally for the United States' largest enclosed shopping center, Mall of America.
/m/01trf3	Martin Hayter Short, CM is a Canadian American actor, comedian, writer, singer, voice actor and producer. He is best known for his comedy work, particularly on the TV programs SCTV and Saturday Night Live. He starred in such comedic films as Three Amigos, Innerspace, Father of the Bride, Pure Luck, Father of the Bride Part II, Mars Attacks!, and Jungle 2 Jungle and created the characters of Jiminy Glick and Ed Grimley. He also has appeared on stage, and won the Tony Award for the 1999 Broadway revival of Little Me.
/m/0171lb	George Seaton was an American screenwriter, playwright, film director and producer, and theatre director.
/m/02ctyy	Karisma Kapoor, often informally referred to as Lolo, is an Indian actress appearing in Bollywood films. The daughter of actors Randhir Kapoor and Babita, Kapoor made her acting debut at the age of seventeen with Prem Qaidi in 1991. She subsequently featured in several commercially successful films such as Jigar, Anari, Raja Babu, Suhaag, Coolie No. 1, Gopi Kishan, Saajan Chale Sasural & Jeet.\nIn 1996, Kapoor earned her first Filmfare Award for Best Actress for Raja Hindustani, her biggest commercial success, and later received the National Film Award for Best Supporting Actress for her performance in the romantic drama Dil To Pagal Hai. She went on to play the leading role in the critically acclaimed projects, Fiza and Zubeidaa, for which she earned the Best Actress and Best Actress trophies at the Filmfare ceremony. Having done so, Kapoor has established herself as one the leading actresses of Hindi cinema.\nDuring her career, Kapoor has received one National Film Award and four Filmfare Awards, among six nominations. In addition to acting in films, Kapoor has played the leading role in the television series, Karishma - The Miracles of Destiny and has also featured as a talent judge for the reality shows, Nach Baliye and Hans Baliye. Following a high-profile relationship with actor Abhishek Bachchan, Kapoor married Sanjay Kapoor in 2003, and has two children. She subsequently took a sabbatical from acting in 2004 after her marriage before making a comeback in Dangerous Ishhq in 2012.
/m/04kn29	Al-Ittihad Football Club, also known as Al-Ittihad, is a Saudi Premier League football club based in Jeddah. Al-Ittihad has won eight League titles and also holds 46 official championship wins, three of them being Asian championships.\nThe club was founded in 1927 and is the oldest club in Saudi Arabia. The most successful period in Al-Ittihad's history was the 1990s and mid '00s, when the club won numerous honours both domestically and in Asia. The team won consecutive Champions League titles in 2004 and 2005. Going on to compete in the 2005 FIFA Club World Cup. The club has the distinction of being the only Asian club to have won the AFC Champions League twice in a row.\nAmong the club's most famous players were former striker Hamzah Idris, Ahmad Jamil, Al Hasan Al-Yami and Mohammed Noor. Furthermore, the famous Brazilian international player Bebeto played for Al-Ittihad from 2001 to 2002.
/m/02b07b	Pony Canyon, Inc. is a Japanese company, established on October 1, 1966, which publishes music, DVD and VHS videos, movies, and video games. It is a subsidiary of Japanese Media Group, Fujisankei Communications Group.
/m/04f52jw	How to Train Your Dragon is a 2010 American 3D computer-animated fantasy film by DreamWorks Animation loosely based on the British book series of the same name by Cressida Cowell. The film was directed by Chris Sanders and Dean DeBlois, the duo who directed Disney's Lilo & Stitch. It stars the voices of Jay Baruchel, Gerard Butler, Craig Ferguson, America Ferrera, Jonah Hill, T.J. Miller, Kristen Wiig, Christopher Mintz-Plasse, and David Tennant.\nThe story takes place in a mythical Viking world where a young Viking teenager named Hiccup aspires to follow his tribe's tradition of becoming a dragon slayer. After finally capturing his first dragon, and with his chance at finally gaining the tribe's acceptance, he finds that he no longer has the desire to kill it and instead befriends it.\nThe film was released March 26, 2010 and was a critical and commercial success, receiving critical acclaim from film critics and audiences and earning nearly $500 million worldwide. It was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature and Best Original Score at the 83rd Academy Awards, but lost to Toy Story 3 and The Social Network, respectively. The movie also won ten Annie Awards, including Best Animated Feature.
/m/01xqw	The cello is a bowed string instrument with four strings tuned in perfect fifths. It is a member of the violin family of musical instruments, which also includes the violin, viola and double bass.\nThe cello is used as a solo instrument, as well as in chamber music ensembles, string orchestras, and as a member of the string section of symphony orchestras. It is the second-largest bowed string instrument in the modern symphony orchestra, the double bass being the largest.\nCellos were derived from other mid- to large-sized bowed instruments in the 16th century, such as the viola da gamba, and the generally smaller and squarer viola da braccio, and such instruments made by members of the Amati family of luthiers. The invention of wire-wrapped strings in Bologna gave the cello greater versatility. By the 18th century, the cello had largely replaced other mid-sized bowed instruments.\nA person who plays the cello is called a cellist.
/m/0mws3	Delaware County is a county located in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2010 census, the population was 558,979, making it Pennsylvania's fifth most populous county, behind Philadelphia, Allegheny, Montgomery, and Bucks counties. Its county seat is Media.\nDelaware County was created on September 26, 1789, from part of Chester County and named for the Delaware River. Chester City, prior to 1851, was the county seat of both Delaware County and, before that, of Chester County.\nDelaware County consists of communities adjacent to the city-county of Philadelphia, and is included in the Delaware Valley area. Socioeconomically, Delaware County consists of mostly middle-class and upper middle class communities, with some upper-class or working class neighborhoods. Delaware County is the only county covered in its entirety by area codes 610 and 484.
/m/01v0sxx	The Who are an English rock band formed in 1964. Their best known line-up consisted of lead singer Roger Daltrey, guitarist Pete Townshend, bassist John Entwistle and drummer Keith Moon. For much of their career they have been regarded as one of the three most important British rock acts along with the Beatles and the Rolling Stones.\nThe Who developed from an earlier group, the Detours, before stabilising around a line-up of Daltrey, Townshend, Entwistle and Moon. After releasing a single, the group established themselves as part of the mod movement, specialising in auto-destructive art by destroying guitars and drums onstage. They achieved recognition in the UK after support by pirate radio and television, and their first single, \"I Can't Explain\" reached the top ten. A string of hit singles followed including \"My Generation\", \"Substitute\" and \"Happy Jack\". Although initially regarded as a singles act, they also found success with the albums My Generation and A Quick One. In 1967, they achieved success in the US after performing at the Monterey Pop Festival, and with the top ten single \"I Can See for Miles\". They released The Who Sell Out at the end of the year, and spent much of 1968 touring the US.
/m/0gl6x	Imperial College London is a public research university located in London, England which specialises in science, engineering, medicine and business. A former constituent college of the federal University of London, it became fully independent on 9 July 2007, as part of the celebrations of its centenary.\nImperial's main campus is located in the South Kensington area of Central London, with additional campuses in Chelsea, Hammersmith, Paddington, Silwood Park and Wye College. Imperial has one of the largest estates of any higher education institution in the UK. Imperial is organised into four main faculties within which there are over 40 departments, institutes and research centres. Imperial has around 13,500 students and 3,330 academic and research staff and had a total income of £822 million in 2012/13, of which £329.5 million was from research grants and contracts.\nImperial is consistently ranked among the top universities in the world, ranking 5th in the world in the 2013 QS World University Rankings and 8th in the world in the 2012 Times Higher Education World University Rankings. In a corporate study carried out by The New York Times, its graduates were one of the most valued in the world. There are currently 15 Nobel laureates and two Fields Medalists amongst Imperial's alumni and current and former faculty.
/m/046488	Hotel Rwanda is a 2004 American historical drama film directed by Terry George. It was adapted from a screenplay written by both George and Keir Pearson. Based on real life events in Rwanda during the spring of 1994, the film stars Don Cheadle as hotelier Paul Rusesabagina, who attempts to rescue his fellow citizens from the ravages of the Rwandan Genocide. Sophie Okonedo and Nick Nolte also appear in principal roles. The film, which has been called an African Schindler's List, documents Rusesabagina's acts to save the lives of his family and more than a thousand other refugees, by granting them shelter in the besieged Hôtel des Mille Collines. Hotel Rwanda explores genocide, political corruption, and the repercussions of violence.\nThe film was a co-production between United Artists and Lions Gate Films. It was commercially distributed by United Artists theatrically and by MGM Home Entertainment for home media. As an independent film, it had an initial limited release in theaters; but it was nominated for multiple awards, including Academy Award nominations for Best Actor, Best Supporting Actress, and Best Original Screenplay. The film also won a number of awards including those from the Berlin and Toronto International Film Festivals. On January 11, 2005, the Original Motion Picture Soundtrack was released by the Commotion label. It features songs written by several recording artists including Wyclef Jean and Deborah Cox. The film score was composed by Rupert Gregson-Williams, Andrea Guerra, and the Afro Celt Sound System.
/m/0fvvz	Baton Rouge is the capital of the American State of Louisiana. Located in East Baton Rouge Parish, the city is the second largest in the state, and has a population of 229,553 people as of the 2010 census. The metropolitan area surrounding the city, known as Greater Baton Rouge, has a population of 802,484 people as of 2010. The urban area has around 450,000 inhabitants .\nBaton Rouge is a major industrial, petrochemical, medical, and research center of the American South. The Port of Baton Rouge is the ninth largest in the United States in terms of tonnage shipped, and is the farthest upstream Mississippi River port capable of handling Panamax ships.\nThe Baton Rouge area, also known as the \"Capital City\", is located in the southeast portion of the state along the Mississippi River. The area owes its historical importance to its site upon Istrouma Bluff, the first bluff upriver from the Mississippi River Delta, which protects the city’s residents from flooding, hurricanes, and other natural disasters. In addition to this natural barrier, the city has built a levee system stretching from the bluff southward to protect the riverfront and low-lying agricultural areas.
/m/02404v	Christopher Doyle, also known as Dù Kěfēng, born 2 May 1952, is an Australian cinematographer who often works on Chinese language films. He is an award winner of Cannes Film Festival and Venice Film Festival. He has also won the AFI Award for cinematography, the Golden Horse awards, and Hong Kong Film Award. Doyle is an affiliate of the Hong Kong Society of Cinematographers.
/m/01l63	Belfast is the administrative capital and largest city of Northern Ireland. Most of Belfast is in County Antrim, but parts of East and South Belfast are in County Down. It is on the flood plain of the River Lagan.\nBy population, it is the eighteenth largest city in the United Kingdom and second largest on the island of Ireland. It is the seat of the devolved government and legislative Northern Ireland Assembly. The city of Belfast has a population of 286,000 and lies at the heart of the Belfast Urban area which has a population of 483,418 and the Belfast Metropolitan Area, which has a population of 579,276. The Larger Urban Zone, as defined by the European Union, has a total population 641,638. Belfast was granted city status in 1888.\nHistorically, Belfast has been a centre for the Irish linen industry, tobacco production, rope-making and shipbuilding: the city's main shipbuilders, Harland and Wolff, which built the well-known RMS Titanic, propelled Belfast on to the global stage in the early 20th century as the biggest and most productive shipyard in the world. Belfast played a key role in the Industrial Revolution, establishing its place as a global industrial centre until the latter half of the 20th century. Industrialisation and the inward migration it brought made Belfast, if briefly, the biggest city in Ireland at the beginning of the 20th century and the city's industrial and economic success was cited by unionist opponents of Home Rule as a reason why Ireland should shun devolution and later why Ulster unionists in particular would fight to resist it.
/m/0qxzd	Hayward is a city located in Alameda County, California in the East Bay subregion of the San Francisco Bay Area. With a population at the 2010 census of 144,186, Hayward is the sixth largest city in the Bay Area and the third largest in Alameda County. Hayward was ranked as the 37th most populous municipality in California. It is included in the San Francisco-Oakland-Fremont Metropolitan Statistical Area by the US Census. It is located primarily between Castro Valley and Union City, and lies at the eastern terminus of the San Mateo-Hayward Bridge. The city was devastated early in its history by the namesake 1868 Hayward earthquake. From the early 20th century until the beginning of the 1980s, Hayward's economy was dominated by its food canning and salt production industries.
/m/0286hyp	The Spy Who Came in from the Cold is a 1965 British Cold War spy film directed by Martin Ritt and starring Richard Burton, Claire Bloom, and Oskar Werner.\nBased on the 1963 novel of the same name by John le Carré, the film is about a British agent who is sent to East Germany in order to sow disinformation about a powerful East German intelligence officer. With the aid of his unwitting English girlfriend, an idealistic communist, he allows himself to be recruited by the communists, but soon his charade unravels and he admits to being a British agent—a revelation that achieves the ultimate objective of the mission. The screenplay was written by Paul Dehn and Guy Trosper.\nThe Spy Who Came in from the Cold did well at the box office, received positive reviews, and received several awards, including four BAFTA Awards for Best Film, Best Actor, Best Cinematography, and Best Art Direction. For his performance, Richard Burton also received the David di Donatello Award for Best Foreign Actor, the Golden Laurel Award, and an Academy Award nomination for Best Actor in a Leading Role. The film was named one of the top ten films of 1966 by the National Board of Review of Motion Pictures.
/m/05zy2cy	Tron: Legacy is a 2010 American science fiction film produced and released by Walt Disney Pictures. A sequel to the 1982 science fiction film Tron, it is directed by Joseph Kosinski, produced by Tron director Steven Lisberger, and written by Adam Horowitz and Edward Kitsis, based on a story by Horowitz, Kitsis, Brian Klugman and Lee Sternthal. The cast includes Tron veterans Jeff Bridges and Bruce Boxleitner, who reprised their roles as Kevin Flynn and Alan Bradley, as well as Garrett Hedlund, Olivia Wilde, Beau Garrett, Michael Sheen and James Frain. The story follows Flynn's son Sam, who responds to a message from his long-lost father and is transported into a virtual reality called the Grid, where Sam, his father, and the algorithm Quorra stop the malevolent program CLU from invading the human world.\nInterest in creating a sequel for Tron arose after the film garnered a cult following. After much speculation, a concerted effort to devise Tron: Legacy began in 2005, when producers hired Klugman and Sternthal as writers for the film. Kosinski was recruited for the directing role two years later. Since he was not optimistic about Walt Disney Studios' Matrix-esque approach to the film, he opted for a loan, which he used to cultivate a prototype and conceptualize the universe of Tron: Legacy. Principal photography took place in Vancouver over 67 days, in and around the city's central business district. The majority of the film's sequences were shot in 3D, and ten companies were involved with the extensive visual effects work. Chroma keying and other techniques were used to allow more freedom in creating effects. The film score was composed by French duo Daft Punk, who incorporated orchestral sounds to their electronic music.
/m/02q4mt	Henry Zuckerman, credited as Buck Henry, is an American actor, writer, film director, and television director. He has been nominated for an Academy Award twice. Once in 1968 for Best Adapted Screenplay for The Graduate and once in 1979 for Best Director for Heaven Can Wait.
/m/07s8fsr	In blood, the serum is the component that is neither a blood cell nor a clotting factor; it is the blood plasma with the fibrinogens removed. Serum includes all proteins not used in blood clotting and all the electrolytes, antibodies, antigens, hormones, and any exogenous substances.\nA study of serum is serology, and may also include proteomics. Serum is used in numerous diagnostic tests, as well as in blood typing.\nBlood is centrifuged to remove cellular components. Anti-coagulated blood yields plasma containing fibrinogen and clotting factors. Coagulated blood yields serum without fibrinogen, although some clotting factors remain.\nSerum is an essential factor for the self-renewal of embryonic stem cells in combination with the cytokine leukemia inhibitory factor.
/m/014cw2	Stephen William \"Billy\" Bragg is an English singer-songwriter and left-wing activist. His music blends elements of folk music, punk rock and protest songs, and his lyrics mostly deal with political or romantic themes.
/m/01x4sb	Elizabeth McGovern is an American film, television, and theater actor, and musician.
/m/01hvzr	Blackpool is a seaside town and borough of Lancashire, North West England. The town is a unitary authority area, noted for its political autonomy, independent of Lancashire County Council. It is situated along England's northwest coast by the Irish Sea, between the Ribble and Wyre estuaries, 17.5 miles northwest of Preston, 27 miles north of Liverpool, 30 miles northwest of Bolton and 40 miles northwest of Manchester. It has an estimated population of 142,100, and a population density that makes it the fourth most densely populated borough of England and Wales outside Greater London.\nThroughout the Middle Ages and Early Modern period, Blackpool was a coastal hamlet in Lancashire's Hundred of Amounderness, and remained such until the mid-18th century when it became fashionable in England to travel to the coast during the summer to bathe in sea water to improve well-being. In 1781, visitors attracted to Blackpool's 7-mile sandy beach were able to use a newly built private road, built by Thomas Clifton and Sir Henry Hoghton. Stagecoaches began running to Blackpool from Manchester in the same year, and from Halifax in 1782. In the early 19th century, Henry Banks and his son-in-law John Cocker erected new buildings in Blackpool such that its population grew from less than 500 in 1801 to over 2,500 in 1851. St John's Church in Blackpool was consecrated in 1821.
/m/0g54xkt	J. Edgar is a 2011 American biographical drama film directed, co-produced, and scored by Clint Eastwood. Written by Dustin Lance Black, the film focuses on the career of FBI director J. Edgar Hoover from the Palmer Raids onwards, including an examination of his private life as an alleged closeted homosexual.\nThe film stars Leonardo DiCaprio as the title character, Armie Hammer, Naomi Watts, Josh Lucas, Judi Dench and Ed Westwick. J. Edgar opened the AFI Fest 2011 in Los Angeles on November 3, 2011, and had its limited release on November 9, followed by wide release on November 11.
/m/0fy6bh	During the 29th Academy Awards, the regular competitive category of Best Foreign Language Film was introduced, instead of only being recognized as a Special Achievement Award or as a Best Picture nominee. The first winner in this new category was Federico Fellini's La strada with Anthony Quinn and a second nomination for Best Original Screenplay. Its win would help spur an interest in foreign-language films. Another Fellini film, Nights of Cabiria would win the Best Foreign Language Film Oscar in the following year.\nThis was also the first year that all of the five Best Picture nominees were in color.\nAll of the major awards winners were large-scale epics - Mike Todd's Around the World in Eighty Days, The King and I, Anastasia, Giant, Cecil B. DeMille's The Ten Commandments, King Vidor's War and Peace, and William Wyler's Friendly Persuasion. And the trend toward blockbusters and colorful spectaculars was established for years to come, with The Bridge on the River Kwai, Gigi, and Ben-Hur being subsequent Best Picture champions.\nThe Best Original Story category had two interesting quirks this year. First, the Oscar for Best Original Story went to Robert Rich for The Brave One. Trumbo was blacklisted at the time so he could not get screen credit under his own name. Second, Edward Bernds and Elwood Ullman withdrew their names from consideration in this category for their work on High Society. The nomination was apparently intended for the musical starring Grace Kelly, but Bernds and Ullman had instead worked on a Bowery Boys movie of the same title. Indeed, this nomination was a double mistake. High Society was based on the play and movie The Philadelphia Story and probably would not have qualified as an original story anyway.
/m/02js6_	Jacob Benjamin \"Jake\" Gyllenhaal is an American actor. The son of director Stephen Gyllenhaal and screenwriter Naomi Foner, Gyllenhaal began acting at the age of ten. Following his first lead role in 1999's October Sky, he starred in the indie cult hit Donnie Darko, in which he played a psychologically troubled teenager alongside his older sister, actress Maggie Gyllenhaal. In 2002, he starred in another indie film, The Good Girl, alongside actress Jennifer Aniston. In 2004, he appeared in the science-fiction film The Day After Tomorrow, portraying a student caught in a cataclysmic global cooling event.\nGyllenhaal then played against type as a frustrated Marine in Jarhead. The same year, his role as Jack Twist in Brokeback Mountain earned him critical acclaim. For his performance he won the BAFTA Award for Best Supporting Actor and was nominated for the Academy Award in the same category. He has since played the lead roles in many notable films, including Zodiac, Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time, Love and Other Drugs, Source Code, and End of Watch.
/m/04k4rt	The Fortune Global 500, also known as Global 500, is an annual ranking of the top 500 corporations worldwide as measured by revenue. The list is compiled and published annually by Fortune magazine.\nUntil 1989 it listed only non-US industrial corporations under the title \"International 500\", while the Fortune 500 contained and still contains exclusively US corporations. In 1990, US companies were added to compile a truly global list of top industrial corporations as ranked by sales. Since 1995, the list has had its current form, listing also top financial corporations and service providers by revenue.\nFrom 2001 to 2012, there has been significant change in the geographical distribution of the companies in the Global 500 rankings. The number of North American–based companies have reduced from 215 in 2001 to 144 in 2011, whereas the contribution of Asian-based companies have increased rapidly from 116 in 2001 to 188 in 2012. The share of European-based companies have increased marginally from 158 to 160 over the decade.
/m/01g6l8	The University of Helsinki is a university located in Helsinki, Finland since 1829, but was founded in the city of Turku in 1640 as The Royal Academy of Turku, at that time part of the Swedish Empire. It is the oldest and largest university in Finland with the widest range of disciplines available. Around 36,500 students are currently enrolled in the degree programs of the university spread across 11 faculties and 11 research institutes.\nAs of August 1, 2005, the University complies with the standards of the Europe-wide Bologna Process and offers Bachelor, Master, Licenciate, and Doctoral degrees. Admission to degree programmes is usually determined by entrance examinations, in the case of bachelor degrees, and by prior degree results, in the case of master and postgraduate degrees. Entrance is particularly selective. It has been ranked a top 100 university in the world according to the 2012 QS, Times Higher Education and the Academic Rankings of World Universities.\nThe university is bilingual, with teaching provided both in Finnish and Swedish. Teaching in English is extensive throughout the university at Master, Licentiate, and Doctoral levels, making it a de facto third language of instruction.
/m/0536sd	The Province of Palermo is a province in the autonomous region of Sicily, a major island in Southern Italy. Its capital is the city of Palermo. The Province of Palermo has 82 comuni, 1,249,533 inhabitants, and is 4,992 km².
/m/01g969	Kurt Vogel Russell is an American television and film actor. His first acting roles were as a child in television series, including a lead role in the Western series The Travels of Jaimie McPheeters. In the 1970s, he signed a ten-year contract with the Walt Disney Company, where he became, according to Robert Osborne, the \"studio's top star of the '70s\". In 1979, Russell was nominated for an Emmy Award for the made-for-television film Elvis.\nIn 1983, he was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role in a Motion Picture for his performance opposite Meryl Streep in the 1984 film, Silkwood. During the 1980s, Russell was cast in several films by director John Carpenter, including anti-hero roles such as former army hero-turned robber Snake Plissken in the futuristic action film Escape from New York and its sequel, Escape from L.A., Antarctic helicopter pilot R.J. MacReady in the horror film The Thing, and truck driver Jack Burton in the dark kung-fu comedy/action film Big Trouble in Little China, all of which have since become cult films.\nIn 1994, Russell had a starring role in the military science fiction film Stargate. In the mid-2000s, his portrayal of U.S. Olympic hockey coach Herb Brooks in Miracle won the praise of critics. In 2006, he appeared in the disaster-thriller Poseidon, and in 2007 Quentin Tarantino's Death Proof segment from the film Grindhouse.
/m/08jtv5	Michael Bell is an American actor, most active in voice over roles. He has acted in video games and animated series, including The Transformers, Rugrats and The Smurfs and appeared on-screen in film and television, including in the TV programs Dallas and Star Trek. Bell was described as being \"one of the most prominent voice actors of the 1980s.\" Both Bell's wife, Victoria Carroll, and his daughter, Ashley Bell, are actresses.
/m/0czkbt	Lily Rose Beatrice Cooper, known professionally as Lily Allen, is an English recording artist and actress. She is the daughter of Keith Allen and film producer Alison Owen. Allen abandoned school when she was 15 and concentrated on improving her performing and compositional skills. In 2005, she made some of her recordings public on Myspace and the publicity resulted in airplay on BBC Radio 1 and a contract with Regal Recordings.\nHer first mainstream single, \"Smile\", reached the top position on the UK Singles Chart in July 2006. Her debut record, Alright, Still, was well received, selling over 2.6 million copies worldwide and brought Allen a nomination at the Grammy Awards, BRIT Awards and MTV Video Music Awards. She began hosting her own talk-show, Lily Allen and Friends, on BBC Three.\nHer second studio album, It's Not Me, It's You, saw a genre shift, having more of an electropop feel, rather than the ska and reggae influences of the first one. The album debuted at number one on the UK Albums Chart and the Australian ARIA Charts and was well received by critics, noting the singer's musical evolution and maturity. It spawned the hit singles \"The Fear\" and \"Fuck You\", popular mostly in Europe. Allen and Amy Winehouse have been credited with starting a process that led to the media-proclaimed \"year of the women\" in 2009 that has seen five female artists making music of \"experimentalism and fearlessness\" nominated for the Mercury Prize.
/m/02zv4b	Entertainment Tonight, nicknamed ET, is a daily tabloid entertainment television news show that is syndicated by CBS Television Distribution throughout the United States, in Canada on Global, and in many countries around the world. Until the start of the 2013-14 television season, the program made the claim that it is \"the most watched entertainment news magazine in the world\". It is the longest-running entertainment news program, with its first broadcast on September 14, 1981, and was the first syndicated program distributed via satellite. Mary Hart served as the show's primary anchor from 1982 until her departure on May 20, 2011. Mark Steines and Nancy O'Dell took on the roles of primary hosts of the show once Hart left. O'Dell then became the sole host of the show after Steines left the show on July 27, 2012. Rob Marciano became Nancy O'Dell's permanent co-host on January 7, 2013.\nIt was announced on January 30, 2006, that Entertainment Tonight was renewed through the 2011–2012 season, which was the show's 30th season. On September 8, 2008, Entertainment Tonight began to air in high definition with the move of the program from their longtime home at Stage 28 on the Paramount Pictures studio lot to Stage 4 at CBS Studio Center, one of the final steps involving the incorporation of Paramount's former syndication arm, Paramount Domestic Television, into CBS' distribution arms and the adoption of the then-new CBS Television Distribution name, which all took place following the breakup of the original Viacom in 2005.
/m/01y_rz	Chadwick Gaylord \"Chad\" Smith is an American musician, and current drummer of Red Hot Chili Peppers, whom he joined in 1988 and is a member of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame with. Smith was also the drummer of the hard rock band Chickenfoot and currently the all-instrumental outfit Chad Smith's Bombastic Meatbats. As one of the most highly sought-after drummers, Smith has recorded with Deep Purple vocalist Glenn Hughes, Kid Rock, Jake Bugg, The Dixie Chicks, Jennifer Nettles, Johnny Cash, John Fogerty and The Avett Brothers, to name a few.\nWidely regarded as one of rock music's best drummers, Spin Magazine placed Smith at #10 on their list of the 100 Greatest Drummers of Alternative Music in May 2013.Readers of UK-based Rhythm magazine ranked Smith and Red Hot Chili Pepper bassist Flea the fourth-greatest rhythm section of all time in their June 2013 issue.
/m/08nz99	Michael Piller was an American television scriptwriter and producer, who was most famous for his contributions to the Star Trek franchise.
/m/05glt	The National Film Registry is the United States National Film Preservation Board's selection of films for preservation in the Library of Congress. The Board, established by the National Film Preservation Act of 1988, was reauthorized by acts of Congress in 1992, 1996, 2005, and again in October 2008. The 1996 law also created the non-profit National Film Preservation Foundation which, although affiliated with the National Film Preservation Board, raises money from the private sector.\nThe NFR names to its list up to 25 \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant films\" each year, showcasing the range and diversity of American film heritage to increase awareness for its preservation. However, inclusion on the list is not a guarantee of actual preservation. To be eligible for inclusion, a film must be at least ten years old. For the first selection in 1989, the public nominated almost 1,000 films for consideration. Members of the National Film Preservation Board then developed individual ballots of possible films for inclusion. The ballots were tabulated into a list of 25 films which was then modified by Librarian of Congress James H. Billington and his staff at the Library for the final selection. Since 1997, members of the public have been able to nominate up to 50 films a year for the Board and Librarian to consider.
/m/03mdt	HBO is an American premium cable and satellite television network that is owned by Home Box Office Inc., an operating subsidiary of Time Warner. HBO's programming consists primarily of theatrically released motion pictures and original television series, along with made-for-cable movies and documentaries, boxing matches and occasional stand-up comedy and concert specials. HBO is the oldest and longest continuously operating pay television service in the United States, having been in operation since November 8, 1972.
/m/0djtky	Thomas Alexander Dekker is an American film and television actor and a musician. He is also a singer and has written and produced two albums.\nHe is best known for his roles as John Connor in Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles, Nick Szalinski on Honey, I Shrunk the Kids: The TV Show, and Zach on Heroes. He also did the voice of Littlefoot in The Land Before Time V-IX and as Fievel Mousekewitz in An American Tail: The Treasure of Manhattan Island and An American Tail: The Mystery of the Night Monster. He is also known for playing Jesse Braun in the 2010 remake of A Nightmare on Elm Street, and recently, Smith in Gregg Araki's film Kaboom. Dekker most recently starred as Adam Conant on The CW series The Secret Circle.
/m/0bdlj	Edward Kennedy \"Duke\" Ellington was an American composer, pianist and bandleader of jazz orchestras. His career spanned over 50 years, leading his orchestra from 1923 until he died.\nThough widely considered to have been a pivotal figure in the history of jazz, Ellington himself embraced the phrase \"beyond category\" as a \"liberating principle,\" and referred his music to the more general category of \"American Music,\" rather than to a musical genre such as \"jazz.\" Born in Washington, D.C., he was based in New York City from the mid-1920s onwards, and gained a national profile through his orchestra's appearances at the Cotton Club. In the 1930s they toured in Europe.\nSome of the musicians who were members of Ellington's orchestra, such as saxophonist Johnny Hodges, are still, in their own right, considered to be among the best players in jazz, but it was Ellington who melded them into the best-known jazz orchestral unit in the history of jazz. Several members of the orchestra remained members for several decades. A master at writing miniatures for the three-minute 78 rpm record format, Ellington often composed specifically for the style and skills of his individual musicians, such as \"Jeep's Blues\" for Hodges, and \"Concerto for Cootie\" for trumpeter Cootie Williams, which later became \"Do Nothing Till You Hear from Me\" with Bob Russell's lyrics.
/m/0k2cb	Dangerous Liaisons is a 1988 historical drama film based upon Christopher Hampton's play Les liaisons dangereuses, which in turn was a theatrical adaptation of the 18th-century French novel Les Liaisons dangereuses by Pierre Choderlos de Laclos.\nThe film was directed by Stephen Frears. The performances of Glenn Close, John Malkovich and Michelle Pfeiffer, the cinematography of Philippe Rousselot, the costume design by James Acheson, and the screenplay by Christopher Hampton, garnered critical acclaim. Swoosie Kurtz and Mildred Natwick appeared in supporting roles, as did young relatively unknown actors Keanu Reeves and Uma Thurman.\nThe film was nominated for seven Academy Awards, including \"Best Picture\"; it won those for Best Adapted Screenplay, Best Costume Design, and Best Art Direction.
/m/02f2dn	Katherine Mathilda \"Tilda\" Swinton is a British actress and model known for both arthouse and mainstream films. She has appeared in a number of films, including Burn After Reading, The Beach, The Chronicles of Narnia, and was nominated for a Golden Globe for her performances in The Deep End and We Need to Talk About Kevin. She won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her performance in Michael Clayton in 2007.
/m/0byb_x	A talent show is an event where participants perform talents of singing, dancing, acrobatics, acting, drumming, martial arts, playing an instrument, or other activities to showcase skills, sometimes for a reward, trophy or prize. Many talent shows are performances rather than contests, but some are actual contests, awarding prizes to their participants.\nIn recent times, talent shows have become a notable genre of reality television, such as Idol, Got Talent and The X Factor, which were critical in catapulting some amateur artists to stardom, and commercially successful careers.
/m/04bjff	Aalesunds Fotballklubb is a Norwegian football club from the city of Ålesund, currently playing in the Norwegian Premier League. The club was founded on 25 June 1914. As of 2004, the football club had 835 members and several teams on both professional and amateur levels. These teams are the 1st and 2nd teams, junior team, and also several age-specific teams.\nAalesunds F.K. played their home matches at Kråmyra Stadium until the 2005 season, when they relocated to the new Color Line Stadium with an approximate capacity of 11,000 people. Boosted by the new stadium, recent success and general increasing attendance in Norway, Aalesund has gone from attracting crowds of approximately 1,000 to regularly selling out their stadium in only a few years. Their average attendance of 9,943 in Adeccoligaen 2006 became the new record for attendances at the second tier of the Norwegian league system.\nThe local supporter club for AaFK is called \"Stormen\", or \"The Storm\", with about 2000 members.\nIn 2009 the club won the Norwegian Cup for the first time in its history. They beat rival Molde FK in the Final, and thereby qualified for participation in the UEFA Europa League. Aalesund also won the 2011 Cup Final, where they beat SK Brann.
/m/03_hd	John Stuart Mill, FRSE was an English philosopher, political economist and civil servant. He was an influential contributor to social theory, political theory and political economy. He has been called \"the most influential English-speaking philosopher of the nineteenth century\". Mill's conception of liberty justified the freedom of the individual in opposition to unlimited state control. He was a proponent of utilitarianism, an ethical theory developed by Jeremy Bentham. Hoping to remedy the problems found in an inductive approach to science, such as confirmation bias, he clearly set forth the premises of falsifiability as the key component in the scientific method. Mill was also a Member of Parliament and an important figure in liberal political philosophy.
/m/025s7j4	Potassium is a chemical element with symbol K and atomic number 19. Elemental potassium is a soft silvery-white alkali metal that oxidizes rapidly in air and is very reactive with water, generating sufficient heat to ignite the hydrogen emitted in the reaction and burning with a lilac flame. Naturally occurring potassium is composed of three isotopes, one of which, 40K, is radioactive. Traces of this isotope are found in all potassium making it the most common radioactive element in the human body and in many biological materials, as well as in common building substances such as concrete.\nBecause potassium and sodium are chemically very similar, their salts were not at first differentiated. The existence of multiple elements in their salts was suspected from 1702, and this was proven in 1807 when potassium and sodium were individually isolated from different salts by electrolysis. Potassium in nature occurs only in ionic salts. As such, it is found dissolved in seawater, and is part of many minerals.\nMost industrial chemical applications of potassium employ the relatively high solubility in water of potassium compounds, such as potassium soaps. Potassium metal has only a few special applications, being replaced in most chemical reactions with sodium metal.
/m/0ygbf	Winston-Salem is a city in the state of North Carolina, with a 2012 estimated population of 234,349. Winston-Salem is the county seat and largest city of Forsyth County and the fifth largest city in the state.\nWinston-Salem is the second largest municipality in the Piedmont Triad region and is home to the tallest office building in the region, 100 North Main Street, formerly the Wachovia Building and now known locally as the Wells Fargo Center. Winston-Salem is called the \"Twin City\" for its dual heritage and \"City of the Arts and Innovation\" for its dedication to fine arts and theater and technological research. \"Camel City\" is a reference to the city's historic involvement in the tobacco industry related to locally based R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company's popular Camel cigarettes. Winston-Salem is also known for its traditional furniture company. Many locals refer to the city as \"Winston\" in informal speech. \"The Dash\" is referenced from the hyphen between Winston and Salem and was popularized by the nickname of the local minor league baseball team, the Winston-Salem Dash.\nIn 2013, the U.S. Office of Management and Budget reconfigured the Winston-Salem MSA by adding the Thomasville–Lexington micropolitan statistical area. The official 2010 Census population for the redefined Winston-Salem, North Carolina MSA was 640,595; according to 2012 Census estimates, the population was 647,697. The Greensboro – Winston-Salem – High Point combined statistical area, popularly referred to as the Piedmont Triad, had a population of 1,611,243 according to 2012 Census estimates.
/m/05zx7xk	This is a following list for the MTV Movie Award winners for Best New Filmmaker. This award was last given out in 2002.
/m/03y_46	Mark Williams is an English actor, comedian, screenwriter and presenter. He is best known as one of the stars of the popular BBC sketch show The Fast Show, as well as for his role as Arthur Weasley in the Harry Potter films. Most recently he has appeared as the titular character in the BBC series Father Brown.
/m/04psf	Leukemia or leukaemia is a type of cancer of the blood or bone marrow characterized by an abnormal increase of immature white blood cells called \"blasts\". Leukemia is a broad term covering a spectrum of diseases. In turn, it is part of the even broader group of diseases affecting the blood, bone marrow, and lymphoid system, which are all known as hematological neoplasms.\nLeukemia is a treatable disease. Most treatments involve chemotherapy, medical radiation therapy, hormone treatments, or bone marrow transplant. The rate of cure depends on the type of leukemia as well as the age of the patient. Children are more likely to be permanently cured than adults. Even when a complete cure is unlikely, most people with a chronic leukemia and many people with an acute leukemia can be successfully treated for years. Sometimes, leukemia is the effect of another cancer, known as blastic leukemia, which usually involves the same treatment, although it is usually unsuccessful.\nLeukemia can affect people at any age. In 2000 approximately 256,000 children and adults around the world had developed some form of leukemia, and 209,000 have died from it. About 90% of all leukemias are diagnosed in adults.
/m/01zpmq	Symantec\nCorporation NASDAQ:SYMC, founded in 1982, is an international\ncorporation which sells computer software, particularly in the realms\nof security and information management. Headquartered in Cupertino,\nCalifornia, USA, Symantec has operations in more than 40 countries.\nSymantec first became well-known as the publisher of Q  A, a\ndual-mode product that was both a word processor and a database. During\nthe 1990s, Symantec switched focus away from development of its own\nproducts and towards acquisition of other companies. An early purchase\ngave Symantec ownership of Norton Utilities, created in the mid-1980s\nby software engineer Peter Norton.
/m/0167bx	Hepatitis B is an infectious illness of the liver caused by the hepatitis B virus that affects hominoidea, including humans. Originally known as \"serum hepatitis\", the disease has caused epidemics in parts of Asia and Africa, and it is now only endemic in China. About a third of the world population has been infected at one point in their lives, including 350 million who are chronic carriers.\nThe virus is transmitted by exposure to infectious blood or body fluids such as semen and vaginal fluids, while viral DNA has been detected in the saliva, tears, and urine of chronic carriers. Perinatal infection is a major route of infection in endemic countries. Other risk factors for developing HBV infection include working in a healthcare setting, transfusions, dialysis, acupuncture, tattooing, sharing razors or toothbrushes with an infected person, travel in countries where it is endemic, and residence in an institution. However, hepatitis B viruses cannot be spread by holding hands, sharing eating utensils or drinking glasses, kissing, hugging, coughing, sneezing, or breastfeeding.\nThe acute illness causes liver inflammation, vomiting, jaundice, and, rarely, death. Chronic hepatitis B may eventually cause cirrhosis and liver cancer—a disease with poor response to all but a few current therapies. The infection is preventable by vaccination.
/m/018p4y	Pierce Brendan Brosnan is an Irish actor, film producer and environmentalist. After leaving comprehensive school at 16, Brosnan began training in commercial illustration. He then went on to train at the Drama Centre in London for three years. Following a stage acting career he rose to popularity in the television series Remington Steele.\nAfter Remington Steele, Brosnan appeared in films such as The Fourth Protocol and Mrs. Doubtfire. In 1995, he became the fifth actor to portray secret agent James Bond in the Eon Productions film series, starring in four films between 1995 and 2002. He also provided his voice and likeness to Bond in the 2004 video game James Bond 007: Everything or Nothing. During this period, he also took the lead in other films such as Dante's Peak and the remake of The Thomas Crown Affair. After leaving the role of Bond, he has starred in such successes as The Matador, Mamma Mia!, and The Ghost Writer.\nIn 1996, along with Beau St. Clair, Brosnan formed Irish DreamTime, a Los Angeles-based production company. In later years, he has become known for his charitable work and environmental activism.
/m/03lrqw	Scrooged is a 1988 American comedy film, a modernization of Charles Dickens' A Christmas Carol. The film was produced and directed by Richard Donner, and the cinematography was by Michael Chapman. The screenplay was written by Mitch Glazer and Michael O'Donoghue. The original music score was composed by Danny Elfman.\nThe film stars Bill Murray, with Karen Allen, Bobcat Goldthwait, John Forsythe, Carol Kane, John Houseman, and Robert Mitchum in supporting roles. Murray's brothers Brian, John, and Joel also appear in the film.\nThe film was marketed with references to Ghostbusters which had been a great success four years earlier. In the USA, the tagline was, \"Bill Murray is back among the ghosts, only this time, it's three against one.\"
/m/087_wh	Dina Pathak or Deena Pathak was a veteran actor and director of Gujarati theatre and also a film actor. She was also a woman activist and remained the President of the 'National Federation of Indian Women'. A doyen of Hindi and Gujarati films as well as theatre, Dina Pathak acted in over 120 films in a career spanning over six decades. Her production Mena Gurjari in Bhavai folk theatre style, ran successfully for many years, and is now a part of its repertoire.\nShe is best known for her memorable roles in the Hindi films Gol Maal and Khubsoorat. She was a favourite of the Art Cinema in India where she essayed powerful roles in films like Koshish, Umrao Jaan, Mirch Masala and Mohan Joshi Hazir Ho!.\nHer notable Gujarati films were Moti Ba, Malela Jeev, and Bhavni Bhavai while her well-known plays include Dinglegar, Doll's House, Vijan Sheni and Girish Karnad's Hayavadana, directed by Satyadev Dubey.
/m/02b0zd	Grimsby Town Football Club is an English football club based in the seaside town of Cleethorpes, in North East Lincolnshire, England, who compete in the Conference Premier. They were formed in 1878 as Grimsby Pelham and later became Grimsby Town. The club is located at Blundell Park where it has been since 1898.\nDespite recent misfortune, the club is the most successful of the three professional league clubs in historic Lincolnshire, being the only one to play top-flight football. It is also the only club of the three to reach an FA Cup semi-final and is the only one to succeed in two finals at the old Wembley Stadium. It has also spent more time in the English game's first and second tiers than any other club from Lincolnshire.\nNotable managers include Bill Shankly, who went on to guide Liverpool to three League titles, two FA Cups and a UEFA Cup triumph and Lawrie McMenemy who, after securing promotion to the then third division in 1972, moved to Southampton where he won the FA Cup in 1976. Alan Buckley is the club's most successful manager, he had three spells as team manager between 1988 and 2008, guiding the club to three promotions and two appearances at Wembley Stadium during the 1997–1998 season winning both the Football League Trophy and the Football League Second Division Play-Off Final. In 2008 Buckley took Grimsby to the capital again, but lost out to MK Dons in the final of the Football League Trophy. The Mariners had also reached the Football League Two Play-Off final in 2006 at Cardiff's Millennium Stadium, but lost the match 1–0 to Cheltenham Town and in 2013 they returned to Wembley only to be defeated by Wrexham in the FA Trophy final. Relegation from the Football League in 2010 makes them the fourth club to compete in all top five divisions of English football.
/m/0bdw6t	This is a list of the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series winners.
/m/020bg	Michelangelo Merisi o Amerighi da Caravaggio was an Italian artist active in Rome, Naples, Malta, and Sicily between 1592 and 1610. His paintings, which combine a realistic observation of the human state, both physical and emotional, with a dramatic use of lighting, had a formative influence on the Baroque school of painting.\nCaravaggio trained as a painter in Milan under Simone Peterzano who had himself trained under Titian. In his twenties Caravaggio moved to Rome where, during the late 16th and early 17th centuries, many huge new churches and palazzos were being built and paintings were needed to fill them. During the Counter-Reformation, the Roman Catholic Church searched for religious art with which to counter the threat of Protestantism, and for this task the artificial conventions of Mannerism, which had ruled art production for some time after the Renaissance, no longer seemed adequate.\nCaravaggio's novelty was a radical naturalism that combined close physical observation with a dramatic, even theatrical, use of chiaroscuro. This came to be known as Tenebrism, the shift from light to dark with little intermediate value. He burst upon the Rome art scene in 1600 with the success of his first public commissions, the Martyrdom of Saint Matthew and Calling of Saint Matthew. Thereafter he never lacked commissions or patrons, yet he handled his success poorly. He was jailed on several occasions, vandalized his own apartment, and ultimately had a death warrant issued for him by the Pope.
/m/0c0nhgv	Moneyball is an American 2011 biographical sports drama film directed by Bennett Miller from a screenplay by Steven Zaillian and Aaron Sorkin. The film is based on Michael Lewis's 2003 nonfiction book of the same name, an account of the Oakland Athletics baseball team's 2002 season and their general manager Billy Beane's attempts to assemble a competitive team. In the film, Beane and assistant GM Peter Brand, faced with the franchise's unfavorable financial situation, take a sophisticated sabermetric approach towards scouting and analyzing players, acquiring \"submarine\" pitcher Chad Bradford and former catcher Scott Hatteberg, and winning 20 consecutive games, an American League record.\nColumbia Pictures bought the rights to Lewis's book in 2004. After a number of years in development, the film was featured at the 2011 Toronto International Film Festival and was released on September 23, 2011 to a box-office success and positive reviews. The film was nominated for six Academy Awards including Best Actor and Best Picture.
/m/0gyh	Alabama is a state located in the southeastern region of the United States. It is bordered by Tennessee to the north, Georgia to the east, Florida and the Gulf of Mexico to the south, and Mississippi to the west. Alabama is the 30th-most extensive and the 23rd-most populous of the 50 United States. At 1,300 miles, Alabama has one of the longest navigable inland waterways in the nation.\nFrom the American Civil War until World War II, Alabama, like many Southern states, suffered economic hardship, in part because of continued dependence on agriculture. Despite the growth of major industries and urban centers, White rural interests dominated the state legislature until the 1960s, while urban interests and African Americans were under-represented. African Americans and poor whites were essentially disfranchised in 1901, a status that continued until after 1965.\nFollowing World War II, Alabama experienced growth as the economy of the state transitioned from one primarily based on agriculture to one with diversified interests. The establishment or expansion of multiple United States Armed Forces installations added to the state economy and helped bridge the gap between an agricultural and industrial economy during the mid-20th century. The state economy in the 21st century is dependent on management, automotive, finance, manufacturing, aerospace, mineral extraction, healthcare, education, retail, and technology.
/m/01vsl3_	John Winston Ono Lennon, MBE was an English musician, singer and songwriter who rose to worldwide fame as a founder member of the Beatles, the most commercially successful band in the history of popular music. With Paul McCartney, he formed a songwriting partnership that is one of the most celebrated of the 20th century.\nBorn and raised in Liverpool, as a teenager Lennon became involved in the skiffle craze; his first band, the Quarrymen, evolved into the Beatles in 1960. When the group disbanded in 1970, Lennon embarked on a solo career that produced the critically acclaimed albums John Lennon/Plastic Ono Band and Imagine, and iconic songs such as \"Give Peace a Chance\" and \"Working Class Hero\". After his marriage to Yoko Ono in 1969, he changed his name to John Ono Lennon. Lennon disengaged himself from the music business in 1975 to raise his infant son Sean, but re-emerged with Ono in 1980 with the new album Double Fantasy. He was murdered three weeks after its release.\nLennon revealed a rebellious nature and acerbic wit in his music, writing, drawings, on film and in interviews. Controversial through his political and peace activism, he moved to New York City in 1971, where his criticism of the Vietnam War resulted in a lengthy attempt by Richard Nixon's administration to deport him, while some of his songs were adopted as anthems by the anti-war movement and the larger counterculture.
/m/07l50vn	The Secret in Their Eyes is a 2009 Argentine crime thriller film directed, produced and edited by Juan José Campanella and written by Eduardo Sacheri and Campanella, based on Sacheri's novel La pregunta de sus ojos. The film, a joint production of Argentine and Spanish companies, stars Ricardo Darín and Soledad Villamil.\nThe story unearths the buried romance between a retired judiciary employee and a judge who worked together a quarter century ago. They recount their efforts on a still-unsolved 1974 rape and murder that manages to cast a spell — not only on them, but on the victim's husband and the killer. The double setting frames the period of Argentina's Dirty War, a violent time when criminality often went unpunished.\nIn 2009, it was the recipient of awards in both Hollywood and Spain. The picture won the Oscar for Best Foreign Language Film at the 82nd Academy Awards, and, with 1985's The Official Story, made Argentina the first country in Latin America to win it twice. Three weeks before, it had received the Spanish equivalent with the Goya Award for Best Spanish Language Foreign Film. As of 2010, it is only surpassed at the Argentine box office by Leonardo Favio's 1975 classic Nazareno Cruz and the Wolf.
/m/06cc_1	Michael McDonald is an American singer and songwriter. McDonald is known for a soulful baritone singing style. He began his career singing back-up vocals with Steely Dan. He became a member of The Doobie Brothers from 1976 to 1982, a period which resulted in several hit songs for the band. He has won five Grammy Awards.
/m/0hz55	24 is an American television series produced for the Fox network and syndicated worldwide, starring Kiefer Sutherland as Counter Terrorist Unit agent Jack Bauer. Each 24-episode season covers 24 hours in the life of Bauer, using the real time method of narration. Premiering on November 6, 2001, the show spanned 192 episodes over eight seasons, with the series finale broadcast on May 24, 2010. In addition, a television film, 24: Redemption, was broadcast between seasons six and seven. Fox announced in May 2013 that 24 would return as a 12-episode series titled 24: Live Another Day to debut on May 5, 2014.\nBauer is the only character to have appeared in every episode of the series. The series begins with his working for the Los Angeles–based Counter Terrorist Unit, in which he is a highly-proficient agent with an \"ends justify the means\" approach, regardless of the perceived morality of some of his actions. Throughout the series most of the main plot elements unfold like a political thriller. A typical plot has Bauer racing against the clock as he attempts to thwart multiple terrorist plots, including presidential assassination attempts, weapons of mass destruction detonations, cyber attacks, as well as conspiracies which deal with government and corporate corruption.
/m/02r858_	The Sweet Hereafter is a 1997 Canadian film written and directed by Atom Egoyan. It is an adaptation of the novel of the same name by Russell Banks.
/m/07xl34	A Chancellor is a leader of a college or university, usually either the executive or ceremonial head of the university or of a university campus.\nIn most Commonwealth nations, the Chancellor is usually a titular non-resident head of the university. In such institutions, the chief executive of a university is the Vice-Chancellor, who may also carry a title such as the alternates listed above. The Chancellor may serve as chairman of the governing body; if not, this duty is often held by a chairman who may be known as a Pro-Chancellor.\nIn many countries, the administrative and educational head of the university is known as the President, Principal or Rector. In United States, the head of a university is most commonly a university president. In U.S. university systems that have more than one affiliated university or campus, the executive head of a specific campus may have the title of Chancellor and report to the overall system's President, or vice versa.
/m/0gy2y8r	Hope Springs is a 2012 American romantic comedy-drama film directed by David Frankel, written by Vanessa Taylor, and starring Meryl Streep, Tommy Lee Jones and Steve Carell. The film was released on August 8, 2012. It received generally positive reviews and the cast was praised for their performances. It was nominated for a Golden Globe, and won a People's Choice Award.
/m/0xpq9	Perth Amboy is a city in Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States. The City of Perth Amboy is part of the New York metropolitan area. As of the 2010 United States Census, the city's population was 50,814, reflecting an increase of 3,511 from the 47,303 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn increased by 5,336 from the 41,967 counted in the 1990 Census. Perth Amboy is known as the \"City by the Bay,\" referring to Raritan Bay.
/m/06srk	Senegal, officially the Republic of Senegal, is a country in West Africa. It is the westernmost country in the mainland of the Old World or Eurafrasia and owes its name to the Sénégal River that borders it to the east and north. Senegal is externally bounded by the Atlantic Ocean to the west, Mauritania to the north, Mali to the east, and Guinea and Guinea-Bissau to the south; internally it almost completely surrounds the Gambia, namely on the north, east and south, except for Gambia's short Atlantic coastline. Senegal covers a land area of almost 197,000 square kilometres, and has an estimated population of about 13 million. The climate is tropical with two seasons: the dry season and the rainy season.\nDakar, the capital city of Senegal, is located at the westernmost tip of the country on the Cap-Vert peninsula. About 500 kilometers off the coast lie the Cape Verde Islands. During the 17th and 18th centuries, numerous trading posts belonging to various European colonial empires, were established along the coast. After French colonization of the territory it called French West Africa, the town of St. Louis was the capital; in 1902 it was succeeded by Dakar. At the time of independence from France in 1960, Senegal affirmed its capital as Dakar.
/m/015w9s	A television film is a feature film that is a television program produced for and originally distributed by a television network, in contrast to theatrical films, which are made explicitly for initial showing in movie theaters.
/m/0372kf	Jeffry Warren \"Jeff\" Daniels is an American actor, musician, and playwright. He founded a nonprofit theater company, the Purple Rose Theatre Company, in his home state of Michigan. He has performed in a number of stage productions, both on and off Broadway, and has been nominated for the Tony Award as Best Actor for the Broadway play God of Carnage, along with his other three castmates.\nHis film debut was in 1981's Ragtime, and his most recent film is Looper in 2012. For his work, he has received four Golden Globe Award nominations, including as Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture—Comedy/Musical for Woody Allen’s The Purple Rose of Cairo. He has also received nominations by the Screen Actors Guild, Satellite Awards, and several others for his work in The Squid and the Whale. He played Debra Winger’s husband in the 1983 Oscar-winning film Terms of Endearment. Currently, he stars as Will McAvoy in Aaron Sorkin's HBO television series The Newsroom, for which he won the Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series in 2013.
/m/0nlg4	The London Borough of Tower Hamlets is a London borough to the east of the City of London and north of the River Thames. It is in the eastern part of London and covers much of the traditional East End. It also includes much of the redeveloped Docklands region of London, including West India Docks and Canary Wharf. Many of the tallest buildings in London are located on the Isle of Dogs in the south of the borough. A part of the Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park is in Tower Hamlets. The borough has a population of 254,000, which includes one of the highest ethnic minority populations in the capital, consisting mainly of Bangladeshis. The local authority is Tower Hamlets London Borough Council.
/m/01rf57	Alias is an American action television series created by J. J. Abrams which was broadcast on ABC for five seasons, from September 30, 2001, to May 22, 2006. It stars Jennifer Garner as Sydney Bristow, a CIA agent.\nThe main theme of the series explores Sydney's obligation to conceal her true career from her friends and family, even as she assumes multiple aliases to carry out her missions. These themes are most prevalent in the first two seasons of the show. A major plotline of the series was the search for and recovery of artifacts created by Milo Rambaldi, a Renaissance-era character with similarities to both Leonardo da Vinci and Nostradamus. This plot and some technologies used in the series place Alias into the genre of science fiction.\nThe series was well received among critics and has been included in several \"best of\" lists. Alias was in the American Film Institute's top ten list for television programs in 2003. The show also received numerous awards and nominations.
/m/02p1pl6	The term Chinese people may refer to any of the following:\nPeople who hold citizenship of the People's Republic of China.\nPeople who hold citizenship of the Republic of China; whether it is a part of Chinese nationality is under dispute.\nPeople with Han Chinese ethnicity.\nThe Zhonghua minzu, a supra-ethnic concept which includes all 56 ethnic groups living in China that are officially recognized by the government of the People's Republic of China, such as Han, Zhuang, Manchu, Tibetans, and other established ethnic groups who have lived within the borders of China since at least the Qing Dynasty.\nRace, nationality, citizenship, place of residence, and ancestry can be used to define someone as Chinese.
/m/02bm8	Darwin is the capital city of the Northern Territory, Australia. Situated on the Timor Sea, Darwin is the more populated of the two cities in the sparsely populated Northern Territory, with a population of 129,062. It is the smallest and most northerly of the Australian capital cities, and acts as the Top End's regional centre. Darwin has grown from a pioneer outpost and small port into one of Australia's most modern cities.\nDarwin's proximity to South East Asia makes it an important Australian gateway to countries such as Indonesia and East Timor. The Stuart Highway begins in Darwin, ending at Port Augusta in South Australia. The city itself is built on a low bluff overlooking the harbour. Its suburbs spread out over some area, beginning at Lee Point in the north and stretching to Berrimah in the east. Past Berrimah, the Stuart Highway goes on to Darwin's satellite city, Palmerston, and its suburbs. The region, like the rest of the Top End, has a tropical climate, with a wet and a dry season. The city is noted for its consistently warm to hot climate, all throughout the year. Prone to cyclone activity during the wet season, Darwin experiences heavy monsoonal downpours and spectacular lightning shows. During the dry season, the city is met with blue skies and gentle sea breezes from the picturesque harbour.
/m/01r4zfk	Jay Ferguson Cox Mohr is an American actor, stand up comedian, and radio host. He is known for his role as Professor Rick Payne in the TV series Ghost Whisperer, the title role in the CBS sitcom Gary Unmarried, which ran from 2008 to 2010, as a featured player for two seasons on the long running sketch comedy show Saturday Night Live, and the back-stabbing sports agent Bob Sugar in Jerry Maguire. As of January 2, 2013, Mohr is the host of Jay Mohr Sports, a daily midday sports radio talk show on Fox Sports Radio.
/m/032q8q	Michael Edward \"Mike\" O'Malley is an American actor and writer who has appeared in many films and television series. Born in Boston and raised in New Hampshire, O'Malley moved to Los Angeles in the late 1990s to star in a series for NBC, called The Mike O'Malley Show. He then spent the next six years playing Jimmy Hughes on the hit CBS series Yes, Dear.\nO'Malley has also guest-starred in series such as My Name Is Earl, Parenthood and Parks and Recreation. He appeared in films such as 28 Days, Deep Impact, Leatherheads, Eat, Pray, Love and R.I.P.D..\nMike is a published playwright whose plays include Three Years From Thirty and Diverting Devotion. He adapted another play called Searching for Certainty for Peter Askin's film Certainty, which premiered at the Boston Film Festival in 2011. Nominated for an Emmy Award for his role as Burt Hummel in Fox's hit series Glee, O'Malley is also a writer on Showtime's hit drama Shameless.
/m/02rqxc	The Portugal national football team represents Portugal in association football and is controlled by the Portuguese Football Federation, the governing body for football in Portugal. Portugal's home ground is the Estádio Nacional in Oeiras, and their head coach is Paulo Bento. Their first World Cup appearance, in the 1966 FIFA World Cup, saw them reach the semi-finals, losing 2–1 at Wembley to the eventual world champions, England. The next two times Portugal qualified for the World Cup were 1986 and 2002, with Portugal going out in the first round both times. In the 1986 tournament, players went on strike over prize-money and refused to train between their first and second games.\nIn 2003, the Portuguese Football Federation hired Luiz Felipe Scolari, the former Brazilian head coach who had led the Brazil national football team to win the 2002 FIFA World Cup. Scolari led Portugal to the final of UEFA Euro 2004, where they lost to Greece, and to their second World Cup semi-final in the 2006 World Cup. Scolari left after Euro 2008 and was replaced by Carlos Queiroz. He led Portugal to the second round of the 2010 World Cup before they were defeated by the eventual champions Spain. Because of poor results in the games that would follow, Queiroz was fired and the Federation hired ex-Sporting Clube de Portugal coach Paulo Bento, who led the national team to the semi-finals of Euro 2012.
/m/01516r	Melvins are an American band that formed in 1983. They usually perform as a trio, but in recent years have performed as a four piece with two drummers. Since 1984, singer and guitarist Buzz Osborne and drummer Dale Crover have been the band's ongoing members. The band was named after a supervisor at a Thriftway in Montesano, Washington, where Osborne also worked as a clerk. \"Melvin\" was despised by other employees, and the band's members felt it to be an appropriately ridiculous name.\nMelvins' music is influenced by Black Flag's mix of punk and metal on their album My War, and other slow punk acts like Swans, Flipper and Wipers, but also by some hard rock and metal bands such as Kiss and Alice Cooper; however, their idiosyncratic approach, bizarre sense of humor, and experimentation make neat categorization difficult. Buzzo has also stated that his guitar playing is more influenced by Black Flag than Black Sabbath, with whom they are often compared.\nThey often favor very slow tempos, and their sludgy sound was a strong influence on grunge music, especially Nirvana, Soundgarden, Green River, and many other bands from Seattle. These bands, however, tended to use more conventional musical structures with this sound. Melvins have also influenced many bands outside the Seattle grunge scene, including Tool, Boris, Mastodon, Neurosis, Eyehategod, and Isis.
/m/0bjkpt	William Edward Joyce is an American author, illustrator, and filmmaker. His illustrations appeared on numerous New Yorker covers and his paintings are displayed at museums and art galleries. Joyce won an Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film with Brandon Oldenburg.
/m/05dss7	Very Bad Things is a 1998 black comedy film directed by Peter Berg, based on the book by Gene Brewer. It stars Christian Slater and Cameron Diaz, with Jon Favreau, Jeremy Piven, Daniel Stern, Jeanne Tripplehorn, and Leland Orser in supporting roles.
/m/01tlmw	Norwalk is a city in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States. According to the 2010 census, the population of the city is 85,603, making Norwalk sixth in population in Connecticut, and third in Fairfield County. The city is part of the New York metropolitan area.\nThe name \"Norwalk,\" originally spelled \"Norwaukee,\" is of uncertain origin. It may come from an Algonquian word, noyank, meaning \"point of land.\" It may be corrupted from \"Naramauke,\" supposedly the name of a Native American chief.\nThe farming of oysters has long been important to Norwalk, which was once nicknamed \"Oyster Town.\" Each September, Norwalk holds its Oyster Festival.
/m/0m38x	Baden-Baden is a spa town in the German state of Baden-Württemberg in southwestern Germany. It is located in the northern foothills of the Black Forest, on the banks of the Oos River in close proximity to France and Switzerland.
/m/014m1m	Oaxaca, officially Free and Sovereign State of Oaxaca, is one of the 31 states which, along with the Federal District, make up the 32 federative entities of Mexico. It is divided into 571 municipalities; of which 418 are governed by the system of Usos y costumbres with recognized local forms of self governance. Its capital city is Oaxaca de Juárez.\nIt is located in Southwestern Mexico. It is bordered by the states of Guerrero to the west, Puebla to the northwest, Veracruz to the north, Chiapas to the east. To the south, Oaxaca has a significant coastline on the Pacific Ocean.\nThe state is best known for its indigenous peoples and cultures. The most numerous and best known are the Zapotecs and the Mixtecs, but there are sixteen that are officially recognized. These cultures have survived better than most others in Mexico due to the state's rugged and isolating terrain. Most live in the Central Valleys region, which is also an important area for tourism, attracting people for its archeological sites such as Monte Albán, native culture and crafts. Another important tourist area is the coast, which has the major resort of Huatulco. Oaxaca is also one of the most biologically diverse states in Mexico, ranking in the top three, along with Chiapas and Veracruz, for numbers of reptiles, amphibians, mammals and plants.
/m/0cpllql	Star Wars: The Clone Wars is a 2008 American computer-animated space opera film that takes place within the Star Wars saga, leading into the TV series of the same name. The film is set during the three-year time period between the films Attack of the Clones and Revenge of the Sith. Distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures, which also holds the home media distribution rights to both this film and the TV series, the film premiered on August 10, 2008 at the Grauman's Egyptian Theatre, while screening in wide-release on August 14, 2008 across Australia, and August 15 in the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom. The Clone Wars was an introduction to the television series of the same name, which debuted on October 3, 2008.\nThis Star Wars spin-off is notable for being the first animated theatrical film for the franchise. The film is also the only film not distributed by 20th Century Fox, which distributed the entire saga, until the Lucasfilm acquisition by The Walt Disney Company, while also being the third theatrical Star Wars film to be directed by someone other than George Lucas including The Empire Strikes Back's Irvin Kershner and Return of the Jedi's Richard Marquand. It is also the only theatrical Star Wars film to date not scored by John Williams — Kevin Kiner was hired to compose original music, which was combined with selected John Williams themes from previous Star Wars films.
/m/02hwhyv	Korean is the official language of South Korea and North Korea as well as one of the two official languages in China's Yanbian Korean Autonomous Prefecture. Approximately 80 million people speak Korean worldwide. For over a millennium, Korean was written with adapted Chinese characters called hanja, complemented by phonetic systems like hyangchal, gugyeol, and idu. In the 15th century, a national writing system called hangul was commissioned by Sejong the Great, but it only came into widespread use in the 20th century, because of the yangban aristocracy's preference for hanja.\nMost historical linguists classify Korean as a language isolate while a few consider it to be in the controversial Altaic language family. The Korean language is agglutinative in its morphology and SOV in its syntax.
/m/02h6_6p	Munich is the capital and largest city of the German state of Bavaria. It is located on the River Isar north of the Bavarian Alps. Munich is the third largest city in Germany, after Berlin and Hamburg. About 1.5 million people live within the city limits. Its inhabitants are sometimes called Munichers in English.\nIts native name, München, is derived from the Old High German Munichen, meaning \"by the monks' place\". The city's name derives from the monks of the Benedictine order who founded the city; hence the monk depicted on the city's coat of arms. Black and gold—the colours of the Holy Roman Empire—have been the city's official colours since the time of Ludwig the Bavarian. Munich was first mentioned in 1158. From 1255 the city was seat of the Bavarian Dukes, it was an imperial residence from 1328 and in 1506 became the sole capital of Bavaria. Munich was the host city of the 1972 Summer Olympics. Munich is home to many national and international authorities and major universities, major museums and theaters. Its numerous architectural attractions, international sports events, exhibitions and conferences and the Munich Oktoberfest combine to attract considerable tourism. The city's motto is \"München mag dich\". Before 2006, it was \"Weltstadt mit Herz\".
/m/01dhmw	Joe William Haldeman is an American science fiction author. He is best known for his 1974 novel The Forever War. That novel, and other of his works including The Hemingway Hoax and Forever Peace, have won major science fiction awards including the Hugo Award and Nebula Award. For his career writing science fiction and/or fantasy he is a SFWA Grand Master and since 2012 a member of the Science Fiction Hall of Fame.\nMany of Haldeman's works, including his debut novel and The Forever War were inspired by his experience serving in the Vietnam War, where he was wounded in combat, and by his adjustment to civilian life after returning home.
/m/05mt6w	Harold Faltermeyer is a German musician, keyboardist, composer and record producer.\nHe is recognized as one of the composers/producers who best captured the zeitgeist of 1980s synthpop in film scores. He is best known for writing and composing the \"Axel F\" theme for Beverly Hills Cop and the Top Gun Anthem for the film Top Gun. Both works were influential synthpop hits in the 1980s.\nAs a session musician, arranger and producer, Faltermeyer has worked with several international pop stars including Donna Summer, Amanda Lear, Patti LaBelle, Barbra Streisand, Glenn Frey, Blondie, Laura Branigan, La Toya Jackson, Billy Idol, Jennifer Rush, Alexis, Cheap Trick, Sparks, Bob Seger, Chris Thompson, Bonnie Tyler, Valerie Claire and Pet Shop Boys.\nHe has won two Grammy Awards: the first in 1986 for Best Album of original score written for a motion picture or television special, as a co-writer of the Beverly Hills Cop soundtrack; and the second in 1987 for Best Pop Instrumental Performance with guitarist Steve Stevens for Top Gun Anthem from the soundtrack.
/m/0438f	James Madison University is a public coeducational research university located in Harrisonburg, Virginia, U.S. Founded in 1908 as the State Normal and Industrial School for Women at Harrisonburg, the institution was renamed Madison College in 1938, in honor of President James Madison. On March 22, 1977, Virginia Governor Mills Godwin signed legislation renaming the university James Madison University. The university is situated in the Shenandoah Valley, with the campus quadrangle located on South Main Street in Harrisonburg.
/m/01f7d	The Man Booker Prize for Fiction is a literary prize awarded each year for the best original full-length novel, written in the English language, by a citizen of the Commonwealth of Nations, the Republic of Ireland, or Zimbabwe. Beginning in 2014, it will consider authors from anywhere in the world, so long as their work is in English and published in the UK. The winner of the Man Booker Prize is generally assured of international renown and success; therefore, the prize is of great significance for the book trade.\nThe Booker Prize is greeted with great anticipation and fanfare. It is also a mark of distinction for authors to be selected for inclusion in the shortlist or even to be nominated for the \"longlist\".\nThe 2013 winner, announced on 15 October, was The Luminaries by Canadian-born New Zealand author Eleanor Catton.
/m/0cbl95	All Quiet on the Western Front is a 1930 American war film based on the Erich Maria Remarque novel of the same name. It was directed by Lewis Milestone, and stars Louis Wolheim, Lew Ayres, John Wray, Arnold Lucy and Ben Alexander.\nAll Quiet on the Western Front is considered a realistic and harrowing account of warfare in World War I, and was named #54 on the AFI's 100 Years... 100 Movies. However, it fell out of the top 100 in the AFI's 2007 revision. In June 2008, after polling over 1,500 workers in the creative community, AFI announced its 10 Top 10—the ten best films in each of ten \"classic\" American film genres; All Quiet on the Western Front was ranked the seventh-best film in the epic genre. In 1990, the film was selected and preserved by the United States Library of Congress' National Film Registry as being deemed \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant.\" The film was the first to win the Academy Awards for both Outstanding Production and Best Director.\nIts sequel is The Road Back, which shows members of the 2nd Company returning home after the war.
/m/02681vq	The Latin Grammy Award for Record of the Year is an honor presented annually at the Latin Grammy Awards, a ceremony that recognizes excellence and creates a wider awareness of cultural diversity and contributions of Latin recording artists in the United States and internationally. The award is given to the performers, producers, audio engineers and mastering engineer for new songs in Spanish or Portuguese language. The songs included on an album released the previous year of submission are also eligible only if they have not been submitted to competition before. Instrumental songs are also eligible. Due to the increasing musical changes in the industry, from 2012 the category includes 10 nominees, according to a restructuration made by the academy for the four general categories: Song of the Year, Album of the Year, Best New Artist and Record of the Year.\nEleven of the thirteen awarded songs have also earned the Latin Grammy for Song of the Year, which unlike this category, is given to the songwriters. The exceptions to this were in 2000 and 2009, when \"Dímelo\" by Marc Anthony and \"Aquí Estoy Yo\" by Luis Fonsi featuring David Bisbal, Noel Schajris and Aleks Syntek, respectively, received the Song of the Year award without earning Record of the Year.
/m/04t2t	Martial arts film is a film genre. A sub-genre of the action film, martial arts films contain numerous martial arts fights between characters, usually as the films' primary appeal and entertainment value, and often as a method of storytelling and character expression and development. Martial arts are frequently featured in training scenes and other sequences in addition to fights. Martial arts films commonly include other types of action, such as stuntwork, chases, and/or gunfights.
/m/01znc_	Turkey, officially the Republic of Turkey, is a contiguous transcontinental country, located mostly on Anatolia in Western Asia, and on East Thrace in Southeastern Europe. Turkey is bordered by eight countries: Bulgaria to the northwest; Greece to the west; Georgia to the northeast; Armenia, Iran and the Azerbaijani exclave of Nakhchivan to the east; and Iraq and Syria to the southeast. The Mediterranean Sea is to the south; the Aegean Sea is to the west; and the Black Sea is to the north. The Sea of Marmara, the Bosphorus and the Dardanelles demarcate the boundary between Thrace and Anatolia; they also separate Europe and Asia. Turkey's location at the crossroads of Europe and Asia makes it a country of significant geostrategic importance.\nTurkey has been inhabited since the paleolithic age, including various Ancient Anatolian civilizations and Thracian peoples. After Alexander the Great's conquest, the area was Hellenized, which continued with the Roman rule and the transition into the Byzantine Empire. The Seljuk Turks began migrating into the area in the 11th century, starting the process of Turkification, which was greatly accelerated by the Seljuk victory over the Byzantines at the Battle of Manzikert in 1071. The Seljuk Sultanate of Rûm ruled Anatolia until the Mongol invasion in 1243, upon which it disintegrated into several small Turkish beyliks.
/m/09jm8	Radiohead are an English rock band from Abingdon, Oxfordshire, formed in 1985. The band consists of Thom Yorke, Jonny Greenwood, Colin Greenwood, Phil Selway and Ed O'Brien.\nRadiohead released their debut single \"Creep\" in 1992. The song was initially unsuccessful, but it became a worldwide hit several months after the release of their debut album, Pablo Honey. Radiohead's popularity rose in the United Kingdom with the release of their second album, The Bends. Radiohead's third album, OK Computer, propelled them to greater international fame. Featuring an expansive sound and themes of modern alienation, OK Computer is often acclaimed as one of the landmark records of the 1990s.\nKid A and Amnesiac marked a dramatic evolution in Radiohead's musical style, as the group incorporated experimental electronic music, krautrock and jazz influences. Hail to the Thief, a mix of piano and guitar driven rock, electronics and lyrics inspired by war, was the band's final album for their major record label, EMI. Radiohead initially self-released their seventh album In Rainbows as a digital download for which customers could set their own price, to critical and chart success. Their eighth album, The King of Limbs, was an exploration of rhythm and quieter textures, which the band released independently.
/m/03qsdpk	Theatre or theater is a collaborative form of fine art that uses live performers to present the experience of a real or imagined event before a live audience in a specific place. The performers may communicate this experience to the audience through combinations of gesture, speech, song, music, and dance. Elements of design and stagecraft are used to enhance the physicality, presence and immediacy of the experience. The specific place of the performance is also named by the word \"theatre\" as derived from the Ancient Greek θέατρον, itself from θεάομαι.\nModern Western theatre derives in large measure from ancient Greek drama, from which it borrows technical terminology, classification into genres, and many of its themes, stock characters, and plot elements. Theatre scholar Patrice Pavis defines theatricality, theatrical language, stage writing, and the specificity of theatre as synonymous expressions that differentiate theatre from the other performing arts, literature, and the arts in general.\nTheatre today, broadly defined, includes performances of plays and musicals, ballets, operas and various other forms.
/m/07y_p6	The 55th Annual Primetime Emmy Awards were held on September 21, 2003. The awards show was broadcast on FOX. Nominees are listed below; winners are in bold. The Sci-Fi Channel received its first major nomination this year.\nFor its seventh season, Everybody Loves Raymond won its first Emmy for Outstanding Comedy Series. It led all comedies with four major wins and ten major nominations. The West Wing won Outstanding Drama Series for the fourth straight year, tying the record set by Hill Street Blues,. Despite failing to win Outstanding Drama Series, The Sopranos continued to rake in the awards, leading all dramas with four major wins.\nFor the first time since 1991 the Outstanding Drama Series field did not include Law & Order, it was nominated 11 times in the category. A record for drama series that still stands. The mark tied the overall record held by comedy series M*A*S*H and Cheers.
/m/09nwwf	Funk rock is a music genre that fuses funk and rock elements. Its earliest incarnation was heard in the late 1960s through the mid-1970s by acts such as the Jimi Hendrix Experience, Eric Burdon and War, Ike and Tina Turner, Trapeze, Black Merda, Parliament-Funkadelic, Betty Davis and Mother's Finest. During the late 1980s and 1990s funk rock music experienced a surge in popularity, with bands such as Rage Against the Machine, Incubus, Infectious Grooves, Red Hot Chili Peppers, Faith No More and Primus mixing funk rock with many different genres, most notably heavy metal, hip hop, experimental music and punk rock, with this leading to the emergence of the funk rock subgenre funk metal.
/m/0qf11	Roderick David \"Rod\" Stewart, CBE is a British rock singer-songwriter. Born and raised in London, he is of Scottish and English ancestry. Stewart is one of the best-selling music artists of all time, having sold over 100 million records worldwide.\nIn the UK, he has had six consecutive number one albums, and his tally of 62 hit singles include 31 that reached the top 10, six of which gained the number one position. He has had 16 top ten singles in the U.S, with four reaching number one on the Billboard Hot 100. In 2007, he received a CBE at Buckingham Palace for services to music.\nWith his distinctive raspy singing voice, Stewart came to prominence in the late 1960s and early 1970s with The Jeff Beck Group and then with the Faces. He launched his solo career in 1969 with his début album An Old Raincoat Won't Ever Let You Down. His early albums were a fusion of rock, folk music, soul music and R&B. His aggressive blues work with The Jeff Beck Group and the Faces influenced heavy metal genres. From the late 1970s through the 1990s, Stewart's music often took on a New Wave or soft rock/MOR quality, and in the early 2000s he released a series of successful albums interpreting the Great American Songbook.
/m/0443y3	Marcia Anne Cross is an American television actress known for her roles as Dr. Kimberly Shaw on Fox soap opera Melrose Place, and Bree Van de Kamp on the ABC comedy-drama series Desperate Housewives.
/m/086x3	Williams Grand Prix Engineering Limited, trading as Williams F1, is a British Formula One motor racing team and constructor. It is founded and run by team owner Sir Frank Williams and automotive engineer Patrick Head. The team was formed in 1977 after Frank Williams' two earlier unsuccessful F1 operations: Frank Williams Racing Cars and Walter Wolf Racing. All of Williams F1 chassis are called \"FW\" then a number, the FW being the initials of team owner, Frank Williams.\nWilliams' first race was the 1977 Spanish Grand Prix, where the new team ran a March chassis for Patrick Nève. Williams started manufacturing its own cars the following year, and Switzerland's Clay Regazzoni won Williams' first race at the 1979 British Grand Prix. At the 1997 British Grand Prix, Canadian Jacques Villeneuve won the team's 100th race, making Williams one of only three teams in Formula One, alongside Ferrari and fellow British team McLaren, to win 100 races. Williams won nine Constructor's titles between 1980 and 1997. This stood as a record until Ferrari surpassed it in 2000.\nMany famous racing drivers have driven for Williams, including Australia's Alan Jones; Finland's Keke Rosberg; Britain's Nigel Mansell, Damon Hill and Jenson Button; France's Alain Prost; Brazil's Nelson Piquet and Ayrton Senna, and Canada's Jacques Villeneuve, each of whom, with the exception of Senna and Button, have captured one Drivers' title with the team.
/m/03mqj_	FC Rubin Kazan is a Russian association football club based in the city of Kazan in the Republic of Tatarstan.\nFounded in 1958, Rubin played its first-ever top flight season in 2003. It has remained there ever since, winning the Russian Premier League championship in 2008 and 2009. The club also won the 2011–12 Russian Cup and has been a regular in European competition in recent seasons.\nThe team plays in the Central Stadium. Since November 2013, Rubin moved to a new stadium - Kazan Arena.
/m/01t2h2	Andy Lau MH, JP is a Hong Kong Cantopop singer, actor, presenter, and film producer. Lau has been one of Hong Kong's most commercially successful film actors since the mid-1980s, performing in more than 160 films while maintaining a successful singing career at the same time. In the 1990s, Lau was branded by the media as one of the Four Heavenly Kings of Cantopop along with Aaron Kwok, Jacky Cheung and Leon Lai.\nIn 2005, Lau was awarded \"No.1 Box office Actor 1985–2005\" of Hong Kong, yielding a total box office of HKD 1,733,275,816 for shooting 108 films in the past 20 years. The aforementioned figure is as compared to the first runner-up Stephen Chow's and second runner-up Jackie Chan's. \"I've never imagine that it would be as much as 1.7 billion!\" he told the reporters. For his contributions, a wax figure of Lau was unveiled on 1 June 2005 at the Madame Tussauds Hong Kong. In 2007, Lau was also awarded the \"Nielsen Box Office Star of Asia\" by the Nielsen Company.\nHe also entered into Guinness World Records for \"Most Awards Won by a Cantopop Male Artist\". By April 2000, he had already won a total unprecedented 292 awards.
/m/02krf9	A television director directs the activities involved in making a television program and is part of a television crew.
/m/07m_f	Tirana is the capital and the largest city of Albania.\nModern Tirana was founded as an Ottoman town in 1614 by Sulejman Bargjini, a local ruler from Mullet. Tirana became Albania’s capital city in 1920 and has a population of 600,000, with metro area population of 763,634.\nThe city is host to many public institutions, public and private universities, and is the centre of the political, economic, and cultural life of the country.
/m/094xh	Stephanie Lynn \"Stevie\" Nicks is an American singer-songwriter, who in the course of her work with Fleetwood Mac and her extensive solo career, has produced over forty Top 50 hits and sold over 140 million albums. She was deemed \"The Reigning Queen of Rock and Roll\" and one of the \"100 Greatest Singers of All Time\" by Rolling Stone, and, as a member of Fleetwood Mac, was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1998. As a solo artist, she has garnered eight Grammy Award nominations and, with Fleetwood Mac, a further five.\nNicks joined Fleetwood Mac in 1975, along with her then-romantic partner Lindsey Buckingham. Fleetwood Mac's second album after the incorporation of Nicks and Buckingham, Rumours, released in 1977, was the best-selling album of all time the year of its release, and, to date, made claimed sales of 40 million copies worldwide which makes it the fourth biggest selling studio album of all time. The album remained at No.1 on the American albums chart for 31 weeks, and reached the top spot in various countries worldwide. The album won Album of the Year in 1978 and produced four U.S. Top 10 singles, with Nicks' \"Dreams\" being the band's first and only U.S. number one hit.
/m/05ldxl	A Clockwork Orange is a 1971 British-American film written, produced, and directed by Stanley Kubrick, adapted from Anthony Burgess' 1962 novella of the same name. It employs disturbing, violent images to comment on psychiatry, juvenile delinquency, youth gangs, and other social, political, and economic subjects in a dystopian future Britain.\nAlex, the main character, is a charismatic, sociopathic delinquent whose interests include classical music, rape, and what is termed \"ultra-violence\". He leads a small gang of thugs, whom he calls his droogs. The film chronicles the horrific crime spree of his gang, his capture, and attempted rehabilitation via controversial psychological conditioning. Alex narrates most of the film in Nadsat, a fractured adolescent slang composed of Slavic, English, and Cockney rhyming slang.\nA Clockwork Orange features a soundtrack comprising mostly classical music selections and Moog synthesizer compositions by Wendy Carlos. The artwork of the now-iconic poster of A Clockwork Orange was created by Philip Castle with the layout by designer Bill Gold.
/m/0d060g	Canada is a country in North America consisting of 10 provinces and 3 territories. Located in the northern part of the continent, it extends from the Atlantic to the Pacific and northward into the Arctic Ocean. At 9.98 million square kilometres in total, Canada is the world's second-largest country by total area, and its common border with the United States is the world's longest land border shared by the same two countries.\nThe land that is now Canada has been inhabited for millennia by various Aboriginal peoples. Beginning in the late 15th century, British and French colonies were established on the region's Atlantic coast. As a consequence of various conflicts, the United Kingdom gained and lost North American territories until left in the late 18th century with what mostly comprises Canada today. On July 1, 1867, three British colonies joined to form the federal dominion of Canada. Other colonies subsequently joined and the remainder of Britain's lands were transferred to Canada.\nCanada is a federal parliamentary democracy and a constitutional monarchy, with Queen Elizabeth II as its head of state. The country is officially bilingual at the federal level. It is one of the world's most ethnically diverse and multicultural nations, the product of large-scale immigration from many countries, with a population of approximately 35 million as of December 2012. Its advanced economy is one of the largest in the world, relying chiefly upon its abundant natural resources and well-developed trade networks. Canada's long and complex relationship with the United States has had a significant impact on its economy and culture.
/m/0m2fr	Fairfield County is the southwestern-most and most densely populated county of the U.S. state of Connecticut. As of the 2010 census, the county's population was 916,829, estimated to have increased to 933,835 in 2012. The county contains four of the state's largest cities whose combined population of 433,368 is almost half the county's. The United States Office of Management and Budget has designated Fairfield County as the Bridgeport-Stamford-Norwalk, CT Metropolitan Statistical Area. The United States Census Bureau ranked the Bridgeport-Stamford-Norwalk, CT Metropolitan Statistical Area as the 57th most populous metropolitan statistical area of the United States as of July 1, 2012. The Office of Management and Budget has further designated the Bridgeport-Stamford-Norwalk, CT Metropolitan Statistical Area as a component of the more extensive New York-Newark, NY-NJ-CT-PA Combined Statistical Area, the most populous combined statistical area and primary statistical area of the United States as of July 1, 2012.\nFairfield County's Gold Coast helped rank it sixth in the US in per-capita personal income by the Bureau of Economic Analysis in 2005, contributing substantially to Connecticut being one of the most affluent states in the US. In addition to its wealthy communities, Fairfield County is also home to lower-middle and working class-cities. Other communities are more densely populated and economically diverse than the affluent areas for which the county is better known.
/m/0156ts	Darlington is a market town in County Durham, north-east England. It is also the major settlement in the unitary authority and Borough of Darlington, with a resident population of 106,000 as of 2011. The town lies on the small River Skerne, a tributary of the River Tees, not far from the main river. The town owes much of its development to the influence of local Quaker families during the Victorian era, and it is famous as the terminus of the world's first passenger railway. Darlington railway station is an important stop on the East Coast Main Line.
/m/02vjzr	Adult contemporary music is a style of music, ranging from 1960s vocal and 1970s soft rock music to predominantly ballad-heavy music of the present day, with varying degrees of easy listening, soul, rhythm and blues, and rock influence. Adult contemporary is rather a continuation of the easy listening and soft rock style that became popular in the 1960s and 1970s with some adjustments that reflect the evolution of pop/rock music.\nAdult contemporary tends to have lush, soothing and highly polished qualities where emphasis on melody and harmonies is accentuated. It is usually melodic enough to get a listener's attention, and is inoffensive and pleasurable enough to work well as background music. Like most of pop music, its songs tend to be written in a basic format employing a verse-chorus structure.\nAdult contemporary is heavy on romantic ballads which mostly use acoustic instruments such as acoustic guitars, pianos, saxophones, and sometimes an orchestral set. The electric guitars are normally faint and high-pitched. However, recent adult contemporary music may usually feature synthesizers.
/m/02hp6p	The University of Hartford is a private, independent, nonsectarian, coeducational university located in West Hartford, Connecticut. Its 350-acre main campus touches portions of three municipalities: Bloomfield, Hartford, and West Hartford. The University attracts students from 48 states and 43 countries. The degree programs at the University of Hartford hold the highest levels of accreditation available in the US, including the Engineering Accreditation Commission of the Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology, the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business, and the New England Association of Schools and Colleges-Commission on Institutions of Higher Education.
/m/0154yf	The Legion of Honour, or in full the National Order of the Legion of Honour is a French order established by Napoleon Bonaparte on 19 May 1802. The Order is the highest decoration in France and is divided into five degrees: Chevalier, Officier, Commandeur, Grand Officier and Grand Croix.\nThe order's motto is Honneur et Patrie, and its seat is the Palais de la Légion d'Honneur on the left bank of the River Seine in Paris.
/m/0147w8	The Edge of Night is an American television mystery series/soap opera produced by Procter & Gamble. It debuted on CBS on April 2, 1956, and ran as a live broadcast on that network until November 28, 1975; the series then moved to ABC, where it aired from December 1, 1975, until December 28, 1984. 7,420 episodes were produced, of which some 1,800 are available for syndication.
/m/07ykkx5	The Last Song is a 2010 American coming of age teen romantic drama film developed alongside Nicholas Sparks' novel by the same name. The film was directed by Julie Anne Robinson in her feature film directorial debut and co-written by Sparks and Jeff Van Wie. The Last Song stars Miley Cyrus, Liam Hemsworth, and Greg Kinnear and follows a troubled teenager as she reconnects with her estranged father and falls in love during a summer in a quiet Southern United States beach town. The film is released by Touchstone Pictures.\nSparks was approached to write both the film's screenplay and the novel. Sparks completed the screenplay in January 2009, prior to the completion of the novel, making The Last Song his first script to be optioned for film. The setting, originally in North Carolina like the novel, moved to Georgia after the states had campaigned for months to host production. Upon beginning production in Tybee Island, Georgia and nearby Savannah, The Last Song became the first movie to be both shot and set in Tybee Island. Filming lasted from June 15 to August 18, 2009 with much of it occurring on the island's beach and pier. The Last Song was originally scheduled for wide release on January 8, 2010, but was postponed to March 31, 2010.
/m/0dj0m5	Christopher Columbus: The Discovery, a 1992 historical film directed by James Bond alumnus John Glen. It was the last project developed by the father and son production team of Alexander and Ilya Salkind, and follows the events after the fall of Islamic Spain which led up to and including the voyage of Columbus to the New World in 1492.\nIts behind-the-scenes history involved an elaborate series of financial mishaps, which later brought about an emotional falling-out between both Alexander and Ilya; indeed, as a frustrated Alexander would later lament, in an interview with the Los Angeles Times, \"I know, after this, that I'll never make movies again.\"\nThe film was released for the 500th anniversary of Columbus' voyage.
/m/049g_xj	Ellen Philpotts-Page, known professionally as Ellen Page, is a Canadian actress. She started her career in Canada with roles in the television shows Pit Pony, Trailer Park Boys, and ReGenesis. Page ventured into films, winning attention after starring in 2005 drama Hard Candy, before her breakthrough role as Juno. Her other notable film roles have been in Smart People, Whip It, Super, Inception, and X-Men: The Last Stand, as well as providing the voice acting, motion capture and likeness for Jodie Holmes in the video game Beyond: Two Souls.\nPage has won more than 25 awards, and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress, a Golden Globe Award, and a BAFTA for Juno.
/m/0358g8	RenderWare is a computer and video game middleware from British games developer Criterion Software.
/m/0fhpv4	The Critics' Choice Award for Best Composer is one of the awards given to people working in the motion picture industry by the Broadcast Film Critics Association.
/m/06fxnf	John Powell is an English composer and conductor, best known for his scores to motion pictures. After studying at London's Trinity College of Music, Powell rose to fame in the late 1990s and 2000s, scoring numerous animated films, in addition to his live-action collaborations with directors Doug Liman and Paul Greengrass. He has been based in Los Angeles since 1997 and has composed the scores to over fifty feature films. His 2010 score for the film How to Train Your Dragon earned him his first Academy Award nomination at the 83rd Academy Awards. He was a member of Hans Zimmer's music studio, Remote Control Productions, and collaborated frequently with other composers from the studio, including Harry Gregson-Williams and Zimmer himself.
/m/01t7j	Calvinism is a major branch of Protestantism that follows the theological tradition and forms of Christian practice of John Calvin and other Reformation-era theologians. Calvinists broke with the Roman Catholic Church but differed with Lutherans on the real presence of Christ in the Lord's Supper, theories of worship, and the use of God's law for believers, among other things.\nCalvinism can be a misleading term because the religious tradition it denotes is and has always been diverse, with a wide range of influences rather than a single founder. The movement was first called \"Calvinism\" by Lutherans who opposed it, and many within the tradition would prefer to use the word Reformed. Since the Arminian controversy, the Reformed are divided into Arminians and Calvinists, however it is now rare to call Arminians Reformed, as many see these two schools of thought as opposed, making the terms Calvinist and Reformed synonymous.\nWhile the Reformed theological tradition addresses all of the traditional topics of Christian theology, the word Calvinism is sometimes used to refer to particular Calvinist views on soteriology and predestination, which are summarized in part by the five points of Calvinism. Some have also argued that Calvinism as a whole stresses the sovereignty or rule of God in all things – in salvation but also in all of life.
/m/02x0dzw	Jennifer Shrader Lawrence is an American actress. Her first major role was as a lead cast member on the TBS sitcom The Bill Engvall Show. She subsequently appeared in the independent films The Burning Plain and Winter's Bone, for which she received her first Academy Award for Best Actress nomination; at the time, she was the second youngest person to receive a nomination in the category.\nAt age 22, Lawrence's performance in the David O. Russell-directed romantic comedy Silver Linings Playbook earned her several awards, including the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress and the Academy Award for Best Actress, making her the second-youngest Best Actress winner at the Oscars. For her supporting role in Russell's comedy-drama American Hustle, she was awarded the Golden Globe Award, the BAFTA Award and received a third Academy Award nomination, all for Best Supporting Actress.\nLawrence is also known for playing Raven Darkhölme / Mystique in the 2011 superhero film X-Men: First Class, a role she will reprise in the 2014 film X-Men: Days of Future Past. Beginning in 2012, she gained international fame for playing the leading heroine, Katniss Everdeen, in the The Hunger Games film series. Her performance in the films garnered her notable critical praise and marked her as the highest-grossing action heroine of all time.
/m/0gppg	Anne Inez McCaffrey was an American-born Irish writer, best known for the Dragonriders of Pern science fiction series. Early in McCaffrey's 46-year career as a writer, she became the first woman to win a Hugo Award for fiction and the first to win a Nebula Award. Her 1978 novel The White Dragon became one of the first science-fiction books to appear on the New York Times Best Seller list.\nIn 2005 the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America named McCaffrey its 22nd Grand Master, an annual award to living writers of fantasy and science fiction. She was inducted by the Science Fiction Hall of Fame on 17 June 2006.
/m/021s9n	Stanford Law School is a graduate school at Stanford University located in the area known as the Silicon Valley, near Palo Alto, California in the United States. The Law School was established in 1893 when former President Benjamin Harrison joined the faculty as the first professor of law. It is currently ranked as the second-best law school in the United States by the U.S. News and World Report, tied with Harvard Law School behind Yale Law School.\nIt employs more than 80 faculty and hosts over 500 students who are working towards their Juris Doctor or other graduate legal degrees such as the Master of Laws and the Doctor of the Science of Law. It has an average class size of just 170, giving Stanford Law School the smallest student body of any law school in the top 15 of the U.S. News & World Report annual ranking. It also maintains the nation's first Supreme Court litigation clinic.\nStanford Law graduates include several of the first women to occupy Chief Justice or Associate Justice posts on supreme courts: current Chief Justice of New Zealand Sian Elias, retired U.S. Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O'Connor, and the late Chief Justice of Washington Barbara Durham. Other justices of supreme courts who graduated from Stanford Law include the late Chief Justice of the United States William Rehnquist, current Montana Supreme Court Justice Brian Morris, retired Chief Justice of California Ronald M. George, retired California Supreme Court Justice Carlos R. Moreno, and the late California Supreme Court Justice Frank K. Richardson.
/m/01t12z	The New York Metropolitan area includes the most populous city in the United States; counties comprising Long Island and the Mid- and Lower Hudson Valley in the state of New York; the six largest cities in New Jersey and their vicinities; six of the seven largest cities in Connecticut and their vicinities; and five counties in Northeastern Pennsylvania, including the state's third-largest city of Allentown.\nAs per the 2012 United States Census Bureau estimates, the New York metropolitan area remains by a significant margin the most populous in the United States, by both the Metropolitan Statistical Area definition as well as by the Combined Statistical Area definition; it is also one of the most populous urban agglomerations in the world. The MSA covers 6,720 sq mi, while the CSA area is 13,318 sq mi, encompassing an ethnically and geographically diverse region. As a center of many industries, including finance, international trade, media and entertainment, tourism, biotechnology, and manufacturing, it is one of the most important economic regions in the world.
/m/03ckxdg	Elizabeth Page is an American writer, director and filmmaker. She has written and directed for the stage, film and television.
/m/06p8m	Sega Corporation, pronounced and usually styled as SEGA, is a Japanese multinational video game developer, publisher, and hardware development company headquartered in Tokyo, Japan, with various offices around the world. Sega developed and manufactured its own brand of home video game consoles from 1983 to 2001, but the economic failure of the Dreamcast caused the company to issue a statement in January of that year that they would leave the console business. While arcade development would continue unchanged, the restructure shifted the focus of the company's home video game software development to consoles developed by various third-party manufacturers. They are known for multi-million-selling franchises including Sonic the Hedgehog, Virtua Fighter, Phantasy Star, Yakuza, and Total War.\nSega's head offices, as well as the main office of its domestic division, Sega Corporation, are located in Ōta, Tokyo, Japan. Sega's European division, Sega Europe Ltd., is headquartered in the Brentford area of London in the United Kingdom. Sega's North American division, Sega of America Inc., is headquartered in San Francisco, having moved there from Redwood City, California in 1999. Sega Publishing Korea is headquartered in Jongno, Seoul, Korea. Sega's Australian & European operations outside of the United Kingdom closed on July 1, 2012 due to world economic pressures. Distribution of Sega products in Australia as of 1 July 2012 is handled by Five Star Games, made up of all the redundant employees from Sega Australia.
/m/03pc89	MASH is a 1970 American satirical black comedy film directed by Robert Altman and written by Ring Lardner, Jr., based on Richard Hooker's novel MASH: A Novel About Three Army Doctors. It is the only feature film in the M*A*S*H franchise and became one of the biggest films of the early 1970s for 20th Century Fox.\nThe film depicts a unit of medical personnel stationed at a Mobile Army Surgical Hospital during the Korean War; the subtext is about the Vietnam War. It stars Donald Sutherland, Tom Skerritt and Elliott Gould, with Sally Kellerman, Robert Duvall, René Auberjonois, Gary Burghoff, Roger Bowen, Michael Murphy and, in his film debut, professional football player Fred Williamson. The film inspired the popular and critically acclaimed television series M*A*S*H, which ran from 1972 to 1983.\nThe film went on to receive five Academy Award nominations, including Best Picture. The film's only win was for Best Adapted Screenplay.
/m/0mbct	A gong is an East and South East Asian musical percussion instrument that takes the form of a flat, circular metal disc which is hit with a mallet. It originated in China and later spread to Southeast Asia, and it may also be used in the percussion section of Western symphony orchestra.\nGongs are broadly of three types. Suspended gongs are more or less flat, circular discs of metal suspended vertically by means of a cord passed through holes near to the top rim. Bossed or nipple gongs have a raised centre boss and are often suspended and played horizontally. Bowl gongs are bowl-shaped, and rest on cushions and belong more to bells than gongs. Gongs are made mainly from bronze or brass but there are many other alloys in use.\nGongs produce two distinct types of sound. A gong with a substantially flat surface vibrates in multiple modes, giving a \"crash\" rather than a tuned note. This category of gong is sometimes called a tam-tam to distinguish it from the bossed gongs that give a tuned note. In Indonesian gamelan ensembles, some bossed gongs are deliberately made to generate in addition a beat note in the range from about 1 to 5 Hz. The use of the term \"gong\" for both these types of instrument is common.
/m/03k1vm	Vance DeBar \"Pinto\" Colvig was an American vaudeville actor, radio actor, newspaper cartoonist, prolific movie voice actor and circus performer, whose schtick was playing the clarinet off-key while mugging. Colvig is best known by his stage persona Bozo The Clown, as well as the original voice of the famed Disney character Goofy.
/m/02w9s	The Faroe Islands is an archipelago and autonomous country within the Kingdom of Denmark, situated between the Norwegian Sea and the North Atlantic Ocean, approximately halfway between Norway and Iceland, at about 320 kilometres north-north-west of mainland Scotland. The total area is approximately 1,400 km² with a 2010 population of almost 50,000 people.\nThe Faroe Islands have been a self-governing country within the Danish Realm since 1948. Over the years, the Faroese have taken control of most domestic matters. Areas that remain the responsibility of Denmark include military defence, police, justice, currency and foreign affairs. The Faroe Islands also have representatives in the Nordic Council as members of the Danish delegation.\nThe islands were associated with and taxed by Norway, then the Union of Kalmar, and then Denmark-Norway until 1814, when Norway was united with Sweden. Scandinavia was in political turmoil following the Sixth Coalition of the Napoleonic Wars, when the Treaty of Kiel granted Denmark control over the Faroes, Iceland and Greenland in 1814. The Danish trade monopoly ended in 1856.
/m/07t3gd	Research Associate: Individuals with an MD or PhD may also be hired as research associates. Research Associate is an employee of the University and may be eligible to receive University benefits. Note that the Research Associate position does not explicitly require mentoring and is a regular staff position with appointment letters processed by Human Resources. In contrast to a research assistant, a research associate often has a graduate degree, such as a master's or doctoral degree. In some cases it can be synonymous with postdoctoral research.\nPostdoctoral Fellow: Individuals in this category receive training while engaged in research projects funded by grants he/she has personally applied for and obtained from either governmental or nongovernmental sources. A postdoctoral fellow is not an employee of the University, and while able to participate in a special healthcare benefit plan, he/she is not eligible for other University benefits.
/m/01tjsl	The Eastern Cape is a province of South Africa. Its capital is Bhisho, but its two largest cities are Port Elizabeth and East London. It was formed in 1994 out of the \"independent\" Xhosa homelands of Transkei and Ciskei, together with the eastern portion of the Cape Province. Landing place and home of the 1820 settlers, the central and eastern part of the province is the traditional home of the Xhosa people. This region is the birthplace of many prominent South African politicians, such as Nelson Mandela, Oliver Tambo, Walter Sisulu, Govan Mbeki, Raymond Mhlaba, Robert Mangaliso Sobukwe, Chris Hani, Thabo Mbeki, Steve Biko and Charles Coghlan.
/m/06crk	Richard Phillips Feynman was an American theoretical physicist known for his work in the path integral formulation of quantum mechanics, the theory of quantum electrodynamics, and the physics of the superfluidity of supercooled liquid helium, as well as in particle physics. For his contributions to the development of quantum electrodynamics, Feynman, jointly with Julian Schwinger and Sin-Itiro Tomonaga, received the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1965. He developed a widely used pictorial representation scheme for the mathematical expressions governing the behavior of subatomic particles, which later became known as Feynman diagrams. During his lifetime, Feynman became one of the best-known scientists in the world. In a 1999 poll of 130 leading physicists worldwide by the British journal Physics World he was ranked as one of the ten greatest physicists of all time.\nHe assisted in the development of the atomic bomb during World War II and became known to a wide public in the 1980s as a member of the Rogers Commission, the panel that investigated the Space Shuttle Challenger disaster. In addition to his work in theoretical physics, Feynman has been credited with pioneering the field of quantum computing and introducing the concept of nanotechnology. He held the Richard Chace Tolman professorship in theoretical physics at the California Institute of Technology.
/m/07f7jp	Dan Schneider is an American songwriter, actor, screenwriter, and producer of films and television. After appearing in mostly supporting roles in a number of 1980s and 1990s films and TV shows, Schneider devoted himself to behind-the-scenes work in production. He is the co-president of television production company Schneider's Bakery.
/m/01364q	Albert Greene, better known as Al Green or Reverend Al Green, is an American singer, better known for scoring a series of soul hit singles in the early 1970s, including \"Tired of Being Alone\", \"I'm Still In Love With You\", \"Love and Happiness\" and his signature song, \"Let's Stay Together\". Inducted to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1995, Green was referred to on the museum's site as being \"one of the most gifted purveyors of soul music\". He has also been referred to as \"The Last of the Great Soul Singers\" . Green was included in the Rolling Stone list of the 100 Greatest Artists of All Time, ranking at No. 66.
/m/086xm	Williams College is a private liberal arts college located in Williamstown, Massachusetts, United States. It was established in 1793 with funds from the estate of Ephraim Williams. Originally a men's college, Williams became co-educational in 1970. Fraternities were also phased out during this period, beginning in 1962. Williams forms part of the historic Little Three colleges, along with Wesleyan University and rival Amherst College.\nThere are three academic curricular divisions, 24 departments, 33 majors, and two master's degree programs in art history and development economics. There are 334 voting faculty members, with a student-to-faculty ratio of 7:1. As of 2012, the school has an enrollment of 2,052 undergraduate students and 54 graduate students.\nThe academic year follows a 4–1–4 schedule of two four-course semesters plus a one-course \"winter study\" term in January. A summer research schedule involves about 200 students on campus completing projects with professors.\nWilliams College currently occupies 1st place in U.S. News & World Report's 2014 ranking of the 266 liberal arts colleges in the United States. Forbes Magazine ranked Williams the 9th best college in the United States in its 2013 publication of America's best colleges.
/m/013423	Carole King is an American singer and songwriter. Her career began in the 1960s when King, along with her former husband Gerry Goffin, wrote more than two dozen chart hits for numerous artists, many of which have become standards, and she has continued writing for other artists since then. She had her first number 1 hit as a songwriter in 1960 at age 18, with \"Will You Still Love Me Tomorrow\", which she wrote with Goffin. In 1997, she co-wrote \"The Reason\", which was a hit for Celine Dion.\nHer success as a performer in her own right did not come until the 1970s, when she would sing her own songs, accompanying herself on the piano, in a series of albums and concerts. After experiencing commercial disappointment with her debut album Writer, King scored her breakthrough with the album Tapestry which topped the U.S. album chart for 15 weeks in 1971 and remained on the charts for more than six years.\nIn 2000, Joel Whitburn, a Billboard Magazine pop music researcher, named her the most successful female songwriter of 1955–99 because she wrote or co-wrote 118 pop hits on the Billboard Hot 100. In 2005 music historian Stuart Devoy found her the most successful female songwriter on the UK singles charts 1952–2005.
/m/032r1	Friedrich August von Hayek CH, born in Austria-Hungary as Friedrich August von Hayek and frequently known as F. A. Hayek, was an Austrian, later British, economist and philosopher best known for his defense of classical liberalism. In 1974, Hayek shared the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences for his \"pioneering work in the theory of money and economic fluctuations and ... penetrating analysis of the interdependence of economic, social and institutional phenomena\".\nHayek was a major political thinker of the twentieth century, and his account of how changing prices communicate information which enables individuals to coordinate their plans is widely regarded as an important achievement in economics.\nHayek served in World War I and said that his experience in the war and his desire to help avoid the mistakes that had led to the war led him to his career. Hayek lived in Austria, Great Britain, the United States and Germany, and became a British subject in 1938. He spent most of his academic life at the London School of Economics, the University of Chicago, and the University of Freiburg.\nIn 1984, he was appointed as a member of the Order of the Companions of Honour by Queen Elizabeth II on the advice of Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher for his \"services to the study of economics\". He was the first recipient of the Hanns Martin Schleyer Prize in 1984. He also received the US Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1991 from president George H. W. Bush. In 2011, his article The Use of Knowledge in Society was selected as one of the top 20 articles published in the American Economic Review during its first 100 years.
/m/0dbb3	Billie Holiday was an American jazz singer and songwriter. Nicknamed \"Lady Day\" by her friend and musical partner Lester Young, Holiday had a seminal influence on jazz and pop singing. Her vocal style, strongly inspired by jazz instrumentalists, pioneered a new way of manipulating phrasing and tempo.\nCritic John Bush wrote that Holiday \"changed the art of American pop vocals forever.\" She co-wrote only a few songs, but several of them have become jazz standards, notably \"God Bless the Child\", \"Don't Explain\", \"Fine and Mellow\", and \"Lady Sings the Blues\". She also became famous for singing \"Easy Living\", \"Good Morning Heartache\", and \"Strange Fruit\", a protest song which became one of her standards and was made famous with her 1939 recording. Music critic Robert Christgau called her \"uncoverable, possibly the greatest singer of the century\".
/m/0dfjb8	Nasser is an Indian actor, producer, writer, director, lyricist, and singer, who hails from Chengalpattu, a suburb of Chennai. He appears predominantly in Tamil cinema. He is often cited as part of India's specialist character actors, along with the likes of Naseeruddin Shah, Om Puri and Nana Patekar. He is proficient in Urdu, English, Hindi, Arabic, Tamil, Telugu, Kannada and Malayalam. Nassar is married to Kameela and they have three sons. He is the founder of 'Adavu', Centre for Tamil Arts which trains people in various subjects including folk arts, story telling, research and docu-film making.
/m/04sry	Martin Charles Scorsese is an American film director, screenwriter, producer, actor, and film historian. He is widely regarded as one of the greatest directors of all time. In 1990 he founded The Film Foundation, a non-profit organization dedicated to film preservation, and in 2007 he founded the World Cinema Foundation. He is a recipient of the AFI Life Achievement Award for his contributions to the cinema, and has won an Academy Award, a Palme d'Or, Cannes Film Festival Best Director Award, Silver Lion, Grammy Award, Emmys, Golden Globes, BAFTAs, and DGA Awards.\nScorsese's body of work addresses such themes as Italian American identity, Roman Catholic concepts of guilt and redemption, machismo, modern crime and gang conflict. Many of his films are also notable for their depiction of violence and liberal use of profanity. Hailed as one of the most significant and influential filmmakers in cinema history, Scorsese has directed landmark films such as Mean Streets, Taxi Driver, Raging Bull, and Goodfellas – all of which he collaborated on with actor and close friend Robert De Niro. He won the Academy Award for Best Director for The Departed. With eight Best Director nominations to date, he is tied with Billy Wilder. Since Gangs of New York, Scorsese has also been noted for his collaborations with actor Leonardo DiCaprio.
/m/0yyg4	Mississippi Burning is a 1988 American drama-thriller film directed by Alan Parker and written by Chris Gerolmo. It was loosely based on the FBI investigation into the real-life murders of three civil rights workers in the U.S. state of Mississippi in 1964. The film focuses on two fictional FBI agents who investigate the murders. Hackman's character and Dafoe's character are loosely based on the partnership of FBI agent John Proctor and agent Joseph Sullivan.\nThe film also features Frances McDormand, Brad Dourif, R. Lee Ermey, and Gailard Sartain. It won the Academy Award for Best Cinematography, and was nominated for Best Actor in a Leading Role, Best Actress in a Supporting Role, Best Director, Best Film Editing, Best Sound and Best Picture.\nIt was filmed in a number of locations in central Mississippi and at one location in Alabama.
/m/01ls2	Colombia, officially the Republic of Colombia, is a unitary, constitutional republic comprising thirty-two departments. It is located in northwestern South America, bordered to the northwest by Panama; to the north by the Caribbean Sea; to the east by Venezuela and Brazil; to the south by Ecuador and Peru; and to the west by the Pacific Ocean.\nThe territory of what is now Colombia was originally inhabited by indigenous peoples including the Muisca, Quimbaya, and Tairona. The Spanish arrived in 1499 and initiated a period of conquest and colonization ultimately creating the Viceroyalty of New Granada, with its capital at Bogotá. Independence from Spain was won in 1819, but by 1830 \"Gran Colombia\" had collapsed with the secession of Venezuela and Ecuador. What is now Colombia and Panama emerged as the Republic of New Granada. The new nation experimented with federalism as the Granadine Confederation, and then the United States of Colombia, before the Republic of Colombia was finally declared in 1886. Panama seceded in 1903.\nSince the 1960s, the country has suffered from an asymmetric low-intensity armed conflict. The conflict escalated in the 1990s, but since 2000 the conflict has decreased considerably.
/m/040b5k	House of Flying Daggers is a 2004 wuxia film directed by Zhang Yimou. It differs from other wuxia films in that it is more of a love story than a straight martial arts film.\nThe use of strong colours is again a signature of Zhang Yimou's work. Several scenes in a bamboo forest completely fill the screen with green. Near the end of the film, a fight scene is set in a blizzard. The actors and blood are greatly highlighted on a whiteout background. Another scene uses bright yellow as a colour theme. The costumes, props, and decorations were taken almost entirely from Chinese paintings of the period, adding authenticity to the look of the film .\nThe film opened in limited release within the United States on December 3, 2004, in New York City and Los Angeles, and opened on additional screens throughout the country two weeks later.\nThe film was chosen as China's entry for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film for the year 2004; but was not nominated in that category though it was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Cinematography.
/m/01tw31	William Rory Gallagher was an Irish blues-rock multi-instrumentalist, songwriter, and bandleader. Born in Ballyshannon, County Donegal, and raised in Cork, Gallagher recorded solo albums throughout the 1970s and 1980s, after forming the band Taste during the late 1960s. He was a talented guitarist known for his charismatic performances and dedication to his craft. Gallagher's albums have sold in excess of 30 million copies worldwide. Gallagher received a liver transplant in 1995, but died of complications later that year in London, UK at the age of 47.
/m/0430_	Jerusalem, located on a plateau in the Judean Mountains between the Mediterranean and the Dead Sea, is one of the oldest cities in the world. It is considered holy to the three major Abrahamic religions—Judaism, Christianity and Islam. Israelis and Palestinians both claim Jerusalem as their capital, as Israel maintains its primary governmental institutions there and the State of Palestine ultimately foresees it as its seat of power; however, neither claim is widely recognized internationally.\nDuring its long history, Jerusalem has been destroyed twice, besieged 23 times, attacked 52 times, and captured and recaptured 44 times. The oldest part of the city was settled in the 4th millennium BCE. In 1538, walls were built around Jerusalem under Suleiman the Magnificent. Today those walls define the Old City, which has been traditionally divided into four quarters—known since the early 19th century as the Armenian, Christian, Jewish, and Muslim Quarters. The Old City became a World Heritage site in 1981, and is on the List of World Heritage in Danger. Modern Jerusalem has grown far beyond the Old City's boundaries.
/m/03hj5lq	The Wrestler is a 2008 American sports drama film directed by Darren Aronofsky, written by Robert D. Siegel, and starring Mickey Rourke, Marisa Tomei, and Evan Rachel Wood. Production began in January 2008 and Fox Searchlight Pictures acquired rights to distribute the film in the U.S.; it was released in a limited capacity on December 17, 2008 and was released nationwide on January 23, 2009. It was released on DVD and Blu-ray Disc on April 21, 2009 in the United States. It was released in the United Kingdom on June 1, 2009. Aronofsky considers The Wrestler a companion piece to his 2010 film, Black Swan, as both films feature a character with a demanding art.\nRourke plays an aging professional wrestler who, despite his failing health, continues to wrestle in an attempt to cling to the success of his 1980s heyday. He also tries to mend his relationship with his estranged daughter and to find romance with a stripper.\nThe film received universal critical acclaim and won the Golden Lion Award in the 2008 Venice Film Festival in August, where it premiered. Film critic Roger Ebert called it one of the year's best films, while Rotten Tomatoes reported that 98% of critics gave the film positive reviews. For his role, Mickey Rourke went on to receive a BAFTA award, a Golden Globe award, an Independent Spirit Award and an Academy Award nomination for Best Actor. Tomei also received an Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress.
/m/0bkf4	Robert Nesta Marley OM was a Jamaican singer-songwriter who achieved international fame through a series of crossover reggae albums. Starting out in 1963 with the group the Wailers, he forged a distinctive songwriting and vocal style that would later resonate with audiences worldwide. The Wailers would go on to release some of the earliest reggae records with producer Lee Scratch Perry. After the Wailers disbanded in 1974, Marley pursued a solo career which culminated in the release of the album Exodus in 1977 which established his worldwide reputation. He was a committed Rastafarian who infused his music with a profound sense of spirituality.
/m/0c8tkt	The Blues Brothers is a 1980 American musical comedy film directed by John Landis and starring John Belushi and Dan Aykroyd as \"Joliet\" Jake and Elwood Blues, characters developed from \"The Blues Brothers\" musical sketch on the NBC variety series Saturday Night Live.\nIt features musical numbers by rhythm and blues, soul, and blues singers James Brown, Cab Calloway, Aretha Franklin, Ray Charles, and John Lee Hooker. The film is set in and around Chicago, Illinois, and features non-musical supporting performances by John Candy, Carrie Fisher, Charles Napier, and Henry Gibson.\nThe story is a tale of redemption for paroled convict Jake and his brother Elwood, who take on \"a mission from God\" to save the Catholic orphanage, in which they grew up, from foreclosure. To do so, they must reunite their R&B band and organize a performance to earn $5,000 to pay the tax assessor. Along the way, they are targeted by a destructive \"mystery woman\", Neo-Nazis, and a country and western band—all while being relentlessly pursued by the police.\nUniversal Studios, which had won the bidding war for the film, was hoping to take advantage of Belushi's popularity in the wake of Saturday Night Live, Animal House, and the Blues Brothers' musical success; it soon found itself unable to control production costs. The start of principal photography was delayed when Aykroyd, new to film screenwriting, took six months to deliver a long and unconventional script that Landis had to rewrite before production, which began without a final budget. On location in Chicago, Belushi's partying and drug use caused lengthy and costly delays that, along with the destructive car chases depicted onscreen, made the final film one of the most expensive comedies ever produced.
/m/071cn	Syracuse is a city in and the county seat of Onondaga County, New York, United States. It is the largest U.S. city with the name \"Syracuse\", and is the fifth most populous city in the state of New York. At the 2010 census, the city's population was 145,170, and the metropolitan area had a population of 662,577. It is the economic and educational hub of Central New York, a region with over a million inhabitants. Syracuse is well provided with convention sites, with a downtown convention complex and, directly west, the Empire Expo Center, which hosts the annual Great New York State Fair. The city derives its name from Siracusa on the eastern coast of the Italian island of Sicily.\nThe city has been a major crossroads over the last two centuries, first between the Erie Canal and its branch canals, then on the railway network. Syracuse is at the intersection of Interstates 81 and 90, and its airport is the largest in the region. Syracuse is home to Syracuse University, a major research university; the SUNY Upstate Medical University and Hospital, the city's largest employer; SUNY College of Environmental Science and Forestry, and other colleges and professional schools. In 2010 Forbes rated Syracuse fourth in the top ten places to raise a family.
/m/01lk31	The Governor of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts is the executive magistrate of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, United States. The current Governor is Democrat Deval Patrick. The next election will be in 2014, which will select a new governor as the incumbent Deval Patrick has stated that he will not seek re-election after his current term.
/m/048tv9	Blade: Trinity is a 2004 American vampire superhero action film, written and directed by David S. Goyer, who also wrote the screenplays to the first two Blade films. It is the third and final film in the Blade trilogy, following on from Blade and Blade II and it is based on the Marvel Comics character Blade, played by Wesley Snipes. The story continues in 2006's Blade: The Series. This was Wesley Snipes' last theatrical release film until 2009's Brooklyn's Finest.
/m/0kq1l	Contra Costa County is a primarily suburban county in the San Francisco Bay Area of the U.S. state of California. It occupies the northern portion of the East Bay region. As of the 2010 census, it had a population of 1,049,025. The county seat is Martinez.
/m/0d2psv	SuperSport United is a South African football club based in Pretoria that plays in the Premier Soccer League.\nUnited is known as Matsatsantsa a Pitori amongst its supporters. They usually play their home games at Lucas Moripe Stadium in Atteridgeville.
/m/02hczc	The Mountain Time Zone of North America keeps time by subtracting seven hours from Greenwich Mean Time, during the shortest days of autumn and winter, and by subtracting six hours during daylight saving time in the spring, summer, and early autumn. The clock time in this zone is based on the mean solar time at the 105th meridian west of the Greenwich Observatory. In the United States, the exact specification for the location of time zones and the dividing lines between zones is set forth in the Code of Federal Regulations at 49 CFR 71.\nIn the United States and Canada, this time zone is generically called Mountain Time. Specifically, it is Mountain Standard Time when observing standard time, and Mountain Daylight Time when observing daylight saving time. The term refers to the fact that the Rocky Mountains, which range from northwestern Canada to the US state of New Mexico, are located almost entirely in the time zone. In Mexico, this time zone is known as the Pacific Zone.\nIn the United States and Canada, the Mountain Time Zone is one hour ahead of the Pacific Time Zone and one hour behind the Central Time Zone.
/m/0h6l4	Plainfield is a city in Union County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, the city's population increased to 49,808, the highest ever recorded population in any decennial census, with the population having increased by 1,979 from the 47,829 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn increased by 1,262 from the 46,567 counted in the 1990 Census. Plainfield is nicknamed \"The Queen City\".\nPlainfield was originally formed as a township on April 5, 1847, from portions of Westfield Township, while the area was still part of Essex County. On March 19, 1857, it became part of the newly created Union County.\nPlainfield was incorporated as a city by an Act of the New Jersey Legislature on April 21, 1869, from portions of Plainfield Township, based on the results of a referendum held that same day. The city and township coexisted until March 6, 1878, when Plainfield Township was dissolved and parts were absorbed by Plainfield city, with the remainder becoming Fanwood Township.
/m/013w2r	Styx is an American rock band from Chicago that became famous for its albums from the mid-1970s and early 1980s. They are best known for melding the style of prog-rock with the power of hard-rock guitar, strong ballads and elements of international musical theater.\nStyx is best-known for the hit songs \"Lady\", \"Come Sail Away\", \"Babe\", \"The Best of Times\", \"Too Much Time on My Hands\" and \"Mr. Roboto\". Other hits include \"Show Me the Way\", \"Don't Let It End\", \"Renegade\" and \"Boat on the River\", a big hit in much of Europe. The band has four consecutive albums certified multi-platinum by the RIAA. as well as sixteen top 40 singles in the US.
/m/05qm9f	In the Heat of the Night is a 1967 dramatic mystery film directed by Norman Jewison, based on the 1965 John Ball novel of the same name which tells the story of Virgil Tibbs, a black police detective from Philadelphia, who becomes involved in a murder investigation in a racist small town in Mississippi. It stars Sidney Poitier, Rod Steiger, and Warren Oates, and was produced by Walter Mirisch. The screenplay was by Stirling Silliphant.\nThe film won five Academy Awards, including the 1967 award for Best Picture.\nThe film was followed by two sequels, They Call Me MISTER Tibbs! in 1970, and The Organization in 1971. In 1988, it also became the basis of a television series adaptation of the same name.\nAlthough the film was set in the fictional Mississippi town of Sparta, part of the movie was filmed in Sparta, Illinois, where many of the film's landmarks can still be seen. The quote \"They call me Mister Tibbs!\" was listed as number 16 on the American Film Institute's 100 Years...100 Movie Quotes, a list of top film quotes.
/m/038981	The 2004 NBA draft was held on June 24, 2004 at The Theater at Madison Square Garden in New York City, New York and was broadcast live on ESPN at 7:00 pm. In this draft, National Basketball Association teams took turns selecting amateur college basketball players and other first-time eligible players. The NBA announced that 56 college and high school players and 38 international players had filed as early-entry candidates for the 2004 draft. On May 26, the NBA draft lottery was conducted for the teams who did not make the NBA Playoffs in the 2003-04 NBA season. The Orlando Magic, who had a 25 percent chance of obtaining the first selection, won the lottery, while the Los Angeles Clippers and the Chicago Bulls were second and third respectively. As an expansion team, the Charlotte Bobcats had been assigned the fourth selection in the draft and did not participate in the lottery. The Minnesota Timberwolves forfeited their first-round pick due to salary cap violations.\nAfter the completion of the regular season, Emeka Okafor, the Bobcats' historical first rookie draft pick, was named Rookie of the Year, while Ben Gordon earned the Sixth Man Award, becoming the first rookie in NBA history to do so.
/m/02_fz3	Face/Off is a 1997 American action film directed by John Woo and starring John Travolta and Nicolas Cage as an FBI agent and a terrorist, sworn enemies who assume the physical appearance of one another. The film exemplifies Woo's signature gun fu and heroic bloodshed action sequences, and has Travolta and Cage each playing two personalities. It was the first Hollywood film in which Woo was given complete creative control and was acclaimed by both audiences and critics. Eventually grossing $245 million worldwide, Face/Off was a financial success.
/m/066dv	In religion, a prophet is an individual who is claimed to have been contacted by the supernatural or the divine, and to speak for them, serving as an intermediary with humanity, delivering this newfound knowledge from the supernatural entity to other people. The message that the prophet conveys is called a prophecy.\nClaims of prophethood have existed in many cultures through history, including Judaism, Christianity, Islam, in Ancient Greece, Zoroastrianism, and many others. Traditionally, prophets are regarded as having a role in society that promotes change due to their messages and actions.\nThe English word prophet comes from the Greek word προφήτης meaning advocate. In the late 20th century the appellation of prophet has been used to refer to individuals particularly successful at analysis in the field of economics, such as in the derogatory prophet of greed. Alternatively, social commentators who suggest escalating crisis are often called prophets of doom.
/m/02h30z	Fairfield University is a private, co-educational undergraduate and master's level teaching-oriented university located in Fairfield, Connecticut, in the New England region of the United States. It was founded by the Society of Jesus in 1942, and today is one of 28 member institutions of the Association of Jesuit Colleges and Universities. The primary objectives of a Fairfield University education are to develop the creative intellectual potential of its students and to foster in them ethical and religious values and a sense of social responsibility. All schools of the university are committed to a liberal humanistic approach to education, which encourages interdisciplinary learning.\nAbout 3,500 undergraduate and 1,200 graduate students study in Fairfield's five schools and colleges: The Fairfield University College of Arts and Sciences, The Charles F. Dolan School of Business, The School of Engineering, The School of Nursing, and The Graduate School of Education and Allied Professions. The university is notable academically for its liberal arts and science programs which have produced a MacArthur Fellow, a Guggenheim Fellow and sixty-two Fulbright Scholars since 1993. In addition, two Fairfield faculty members were named consecutive Connecticut Professors of the Year by the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching in 2009 and 2010 in recognition of their extraordinary dedication to undergraduate teaching.
/m/0cshrf	Political cinema in the narrow sense of the term is a cinema which portrays current or historical events or social conditions in a partisan way in order to inform or to agitate the spectator. Political cinema exists in different forms such as documentaries, feature films, or even animated and experimental films.
/m/02vptk_	James E. \"Jimmy\" Cayne is an American businessman, a former CEO of Bear Stearns. In 2006 he became \"the first Wall Street chief to own a company stake worth more than $1 billion\" but he lost most of that in the 2007–2008 collapse of Bear Stearns' stock and sold his entire stake in the company for $61 million. CNBC named Cayne as one of the \"Worst American CEOs of All Time\".
/m/035rnz	Mark Alan Ruffalo is an American actor, director, producer and screenwriter. He is known for portraying the Marvel Comics character, Bruce Banner / The Hulk in The Avengers. Other notable films in which he has starred are You Can Count on Me, Collateral, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Just Like Heaven, Zodiac, Shutter Island, and Now You See Me. For his role in The Kids Are All Right, he received an Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actor. Since 2010, he has become a supporter of the creation of 100% clean energy, based on a belief that fracking was \"destroying\" his community in upstate New York.
/m/03m6t5	Richard Caruthers \"Rich\" Little is a Canadian-American impressionist and voice actor, nicknamed \"The Man of a Thousand Voices,\" by voice actor Mel Blanc.
/m/01h4t2	Miles Prower, more commonly known by his nickname Tails, is a video game character in the Sonic the Hedgehog series released by Sega. He is a significant main character after the title character Sonic, who is also his best friend. Tails also appears in his own spin-off series, in comic books, cartoons, as well as a feature film.\nThe name \"Miles Prower\" is a pun on \"miles per hour\", a reference to the famed speed of Sonic the Hedgehog. He is an 8 year-old fox with two tails, hence the nickname. He is known to be Sonic's sidekick and best friend, as well as a mechanical genius. He is able to use his two tails to propel himself into the air like a helicopter for a limited time. He debuted on October 16, 1992 with the release of the 8-bit version of Sonic the Hedgehog 2; the 16-bit version was released that November.\nWhen he was first introduced in Sonic the Hedgehog 2, Tails' fur was orange. The color was changed to yellow-orange for Sonic Adventure, and later to light yellow for Sonic Heroes. In 1993 and 1995, he starred in his own games: Tails and the Music Maker for the Pico; Tails Adventure, and Tails' Skypatrol for the Game Gear. Tails is the third most popular character of the series, behind Sonic and Shadow, according to an official poll.
/m/02c7lt	Ida Lupino was an English-American film actress and director, and a pioneer among women filmmakers. In her forty-eight year career, she appeared in fifty-nine films and directed seven others, mostly in the United States, where she became a citizen in 1948. She co-wrote and co-produced some of her own films as well. She appeared in serial television programmes fifty-eight times and directed fifty other episodes. Additionally, she contributed as a writer to five films and four TV episodes.
/m/079sf	The Silver Star, officially the Silver Star Medal, is the United States third highest military decoration for valor that can be awarded to any person serving in any capacity with the United States Armed Forces. The medal is awarded for gallantry in action against an enemy of the United States.
/m/04x8mj	The Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts is a museum and art school in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It was founded in 1805 and is the oldest art museum and school in the United States. The academy's museum is internationally known for its collections of 19th- and 20th-century American paintings, sculptures, and works on paper. Its archives house important materials for the study of American art history, museums, and art training.
/m/078jt5	Gregory King Hoblit is an American film director, television director and television producer. He has won nine Primetime Emmy Awards for directing and producing Hill Street Blues, NYPD Blue, L.A. Law, Hooperman and the television film Roe vs. Wade.\nHoblit was born in Abilene, Texas, the son of Elizabeth Hubbard King and Harold Foster Hoblit, an FBI agent. Much of Hoblit's work is oriented towards police, attorneys and legal cases.\nHoblit has directed and produced the pilot and series of such acclaimed television series such as NYPD Blue, L.A. Law and Hill Street Blues. He also wrote an episode of the latter series. Hoblit received Primetime Emmy Awards for his directing of the pilot episodes of Hooperman and L.A. Law.\nHe was married to actress Debrah Farentino from 1994 to 2009, they have one child together.
/m/0dbbz	Bernardo Bertolucci is an Italian film director and screenwriter, whose films include The Conformist, Last Tango in Paris, 1900, The Last Emperor, The Sheltering Sky and The Dreamers. In recognition of his work, he was presented with the inaugural Honorary Palme d'Or Award at the opening ceremony of the 2011 Cannes Film Festival.
/m/01skxk	Jangle pop is a genre of alternative rock from the mid-1980s that \"marked a return to the chiming or jangly guitars and pop melodies of the '60s\", as exemplified by The Byrds, with electric twelve-string guitars and power pop song structures. Mid-1980s jangle pop was a non-mainstream \"pop-based format\" with \"some folk-rock overtones\". Between 1983 and 1987, the description \"jangle pop\" was, in the US, used to describe bands like R.E.M., Let's Active and Tom Petty, and a subgenre called \"Paisley Underground\", which incorporated psychedelic influences. In the UK the term was applied to the new wave of raw and immediate sounding melodic guitar-bands collected on the NME's C86 compilations.
/m/0bzty	Lombardy is one of the 20 regions of Italy. The capital is Milan. A sixth of Italy's population lives in Lombardy and about a fifth of Italy's GDP is produced in the region, making it the most populous and richest region in the country and one of the richest in the whole of Europe.
/m/0hbbx	Sichuan is a province of the People's Republic of China, located in the southwest of the country. The name of the province is an abbreviation of Sì Chuānlù, or \"Four circuits of rivers\", which is itself abbreviated from Chuānxiá Sìlù, or \"Four circuits of rivers and gorges\", named after the division of the existing circuit into four during the Northern Song Dynasty. The capital is Chengdu, a key economic centre of Western China.
/m/0963mq	She Hate Me is a 2004 independent comedy-drama film directed by Spike Lee and starring Anthony Mackie, Kerry Washington, Ellen Barkin, Monica Bellucci, Brian Dennehy, Woody Harrelson, Bai Ling and John Turturro.\nThe film garnered controversy, and, as with many of Lee's films, touches on comedy, drama, and politics. Unlike many prior works, Spike Lee does not have an acting credit in this film.\nThe film was shot mostly on location in New York City, including each of the city's five boroughs. It was nominated for various awards, but did not win. She Hate Me was released in July 2004 and grossed almost half a million dollars at the box office in limited release, with overall revenues of around $1.5 million. The shooting budget was estimated at $8 million.\nThe movie is rated R by the MPAA for strong graphic sexuality/nudity, language, and a scene of violence.
/m/01vzxmq	Jonathan Rhys Meyers is an Irish actor and model.\nHe is best known for his roles in the films, Velvet Goldmine, Mission Impossible III, Bend It Like Beckham, Match Point and his television roles as Elvis Presley in the biographical miniseries Elvis, which earned him a Golden Globe for Best Actor, and as King Henry VIII in the historical drama The Tudors. He has been the face model for several Hugo Boss fragrances advertising campaigns. In 2013, he portrayed Valentine Morgenstern in The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones, based on Cassandra Clare's novel, City of Bones. He currently stars in the NBC drama series Dracula as the titular character.
/m/02_1sj	EDtv is a 1999 American comedy film directed by Ron Howard. An adaptation of the Quebec film Louis 19, le roi des ondes, it stars Matthew McConaughey, Jenna Elfman, Woody Harrelson, Ellen DeGeneres, Martin Landau, Rob Reiner, Sally Kirkland, Elizabeth Hurley, Clint Howard, and Dennis Hopper.\nThe film was screened out of competition at the 1999 Cannes Film Festival.
/m/06msq2	Ben Karlin is an American television producer. He is an eight time Emmy-winning American writer and executive producer best known for his work in The Daily Show with Jon Stewart and The Colbert Report. He is one of three co-creators of The Colbert Report along with Stephen Colbert and Jon Stewart. Karlin left Comedy Central in December 2006.\nHis book, released February 2008, is a collection of essays entitled Things I've Learned From Women Who've Dumped Me. It contains essays by Andy Richter, Will Forte, David Wain, Stephen Colbert, Patton Oswalt, Bob Odenkirk, and many others. Karlin is also the co-editor of America alongside Jon Stewart and David Javerbaum. He wrote for Space Ghost: Coast to Coast and The Onion from 1993-1996.
/m/0q1lp	Michael Owen Rosenbaum is an American film and TV actor, director, producer and writer. He is best known for his performance in Sorority Boys and for portraying Lex Luthor on the Superman television series Smallville, a role that TV Guide included in their 2013 list of The 60 Nastiest Villains of All Time.\nRosenbaum is also known for portraying Dutch Nilbog on FOX's Breaking In, and voiceover work in animation, such as his role of the Flash in the DC animated universe.
/m/09kqc	Humour or humor is the tendency of particular cognitive experiences to provoke laughter and provide amusement. The term derives from the humoral medicine of the ancient Greeks, which taught that the balance of fluids in the human body, known as humours, control human health and emotion.\nPeople of all ages and cultures respond to humour. The majority of people are able to experience humour, i.e., to be amused, to laugh or smile at something funny, and thus they are considered to have a sense of humour. The hypothetical person lacking a sense of humour would likely find the behaviour induced by humour to be inexplicable, strange, or even irrational. Though ultimately decided by personal taste, the extent to which a person will find something humorous depends upon a host of variables, including geographical location, culture, maturity, level of education, intelligence and context. For example, young children may favour slapstick, such as Punch and Judy puppet shows or cartoons such as Tom and Jerry. Satire may rely more on understanding the target of the humour and thus tends to appeal to more mature audiences.
/m/02p65p	Donald Frank \"Don\" Cheadle, Jr. is an American actor and producer. Cheadle had an early role in Picket Fences and followed it with performances in Devil in a Blue Dress, Rosewood and Boogie Nights. He then started a collaboration with director Steven Soderbergh that resulted in the movies Out of Sight, Traffic and Ocean's Eleven. Other Cheadle films include The Rat Pack, Things Behind the Sun, Swordfish, Crash, Ocean's Twelve, Ocean's Thirteen, Reign Over Me, Talk to Me, Traitor, Iron Man 2 and Iron Man 3.\nIn 2004, his lead role as Rwandan hotel manager Paul Rusesabagina in the genocide drama film Hotel Rwanda, which was set during the Rwandan Genocide earned him a nomination for an Academy Award for Best Actor. He also campaigns for the end of genocide in Darfur, Sudan, and co-authored, with John Prendergast, a book concerning the issue entitled Not On Our Watch: The Mission to End Genocide in Darfur and Beyond. Along with George Clooney, Brad Pitt, Matt Damon, David Pressman, and Jerry Weintraub, Cheadle co-founded the Not on Our Watch Project, an organization focusing global attention and resources to stop and prevent mass atrocities. In 2010, Cheadle was named U.N. Environment Program Goodwill Ambassador. He stars as Marty Kaan on the Showtime sitcom House of Lies, for which he most recently won a Golden Globe Award in 2013.
/m/03bwzr4	A Master of Science is a postgraduate academic master's degree awarded by universities in many countries. The degree is typically granted for studies in the sciences.
/m/01k7b0	The Diary of Anne Frank is a 1959 film based on the Pulitzer Prize winning play of the same name, which was based on the diary of Anne Frank. It was directed by George Stevens, with a screenplay by Frances Goodrich and Albert Hackett. It is the first film version of both the play and the original story, and features three members of the original Broadway cast.\nThe film was based on the personal diary of Anne Frank, a Jewish girl who lived in hiding with her family during World War II. All her writings to her diary were addressed as 'Dear Kitty'. The diary was published after the end of the war by her father Otto Frank. By this time, all his other family members were killed by the Nazis. It was shot on a sound stage duplicate of the factory in Los Angeles, while exteriors were filmed at the actual building in Amsterdam.\nThe Diary of Anne Frank won three Academy Awards in 1960, including Best Supporting Actress for Shelley Winters. In 2006, The Diary of Anne Frank was honored as the eighteenth most inspiring American film on the list AFI's 100 Years…100 Cheers.
/m/050g1v	Southern Gospel music—at one time also known as \"quartet music\"—is music whose lyrics are written to express either personal or a communal faith regarding biblical teachings and Christian life, as well as to give a Christian alternative to mainstream secular music. Southern Gospel is a genre of Christian music, and its name comes from its origins in the Southeastern United States.\nLike other forms of music the creation, performance, significance, and even the definition of Southern Gospel varies according to culture and social context. It is composed and performed for many purposes, ranging from aesthetic pleasure, religious or ceremonial purposes, or as an entertainment product for the marketplace.
/m/07xr3w	Joseph Ruttenberg, A.S.C. was a Russian-born American photojournalist and cinematographer.\nRuttenberg was accomplished winning accolades. At MGM, Ruttenberg was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Cinematography ten times, winning four. In addition, he won the 1954 Golden Globe Award for his camera work on the film Brigadoon.
/m/0168ls	Spartacus is a 1960 American epic historical drama film directed by Stanley Kubrick and starring Kirk Douglas as the rebellious slave of the title. The screenplay by Dalton Trumbo was based on the novel Spartacus by Howard Fast. It was inspired by the life story of the historical figure Spartacus and the events of the Third Servile War.\nThe film also starred Laurence Olivier as the Roman general and politician Marcus Licinius Crassus, Peter Ustinov, who won an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role as slave trader Lentulus Batiatus, John Gavin as Julius Caesar, Jean Simmons, Charles Laughton and Tony Curtis. The film won four Oscars in all.\nDouglas, whose Bryna Productions company was producing the film, removed original director Anthony Mann after the first week of shooting. Kubrick, with whom Douglas had worked before, was brought on board to take over direction. It is the only film directed by Kubrick where he did not have complete artistic control.\nScreenwriter Dalton Trumbo was blacklisted at the time as one of the Hollywood Ten. Kirk Douglas publicly announced that Trumbo was the screenwriter of Spartacus, and President John F. Kennedy crossed picket lines to see the film, helping to end blacklisting. The author of the novel on which it is based, Howard Fast, was also blacklisted, and originally had to self-publish it.
/m/01hgwkr	Kathryn Dawn Lang, OC, known by her stage name k.d. lang, is a Canadian pop and country singer-songwriter and occasional actress.\nLang has won both Juno Awards and Grammy Awards for her musical performances; hits include \"Constant Craving\" and \"Miss Chatelaine\". She has contributed songs to movie soundtracks and has teamed with musicians such as Roy Orbison, Tony Bennett, Elton John, Anne Murray and Jane Siberry. Lang is also known for being a vegan as well as an animal rights, gay rights, and Tibetan human rights activist. She is a tantric practitioner of the old school of Tibetan Buddhism. She performed Leonard Cohen's \"Hallelujah\" live at the opening ceremony of the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver, Canada. Previously, she had performed at the closing ceremony of the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary. Lang possesses the vocal range of a mezzo-soprano.
/m/06rfy5	EA Canada is a video game developer located in Burnaby, British Columbia. The development studio opened in January 1983 and is EA's largest and oldest studio. EA Canada alone employs approximately 1,300 people and houses the world's largest video game test operation.
/m/0y3k9	Niagara Falls is a city in Niagara County, New York, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city had a total population of 50,193, down from the 55,593 recorded in the 2000 census. It is across the Niagara River from the city of Niagara Falls, Ontario, with both cities named after the famed Niagara Falls which they share. It is part of the Buffalo–Niagara Falls Metropolitan Statistical Area as well as the Western New York region.
/m/01zn4y	The University of Leicester is a research-led university based in Leicester, England. The main campus is south of the city centre, adjacent to Victoria Park.\nThe university has established itself as a leading research-led university and has been named University of the Year of 2008 by the Times Higher Education. The university has consistently ranked amongst the top 15 universities in the United Kingdom by the Times Good University Guide and The Guardian; it has a vision of becoming an established top ten UK university by 2015. The 2012 QS World University Rankings also placed Leicester 8th in the UK for research citations. The University is most famous for the invention of Genetic Fingerprinting and for the discovery of the remains of King Richard III.
/m/0bp_7	Wiesbaden is a city in southwest Germany and the capital of the federal state of Hesse. It has about 273,000 inhabitants, plus approximately 19,000 United States citizens. Wiesbaden, together with the cities of Frankfurt am Main, Darmstadt and Mainz, is part of the Frankfurt Rhine Main Region, a metropolitan area with a combined population of about 5.8 million people.\nWiesbaden is one of the oldest spa towns in Europe. Its name translates to \"meadow baths,\" making reference to the hot springs. At one time, Wiesbaden boasted 26 hot springs. Fourteen of the springs are still flowing today.\nIn 1970, the town hosted the tenth Hessentag state festival.
/m/01ksr1	Matthew Ryan Phillippe, better known as Ryan Phillippe, is an American actor and director. After appearing on the soap opera One Life to Live, he came to fame in the late 1990s starring in a string of films, including I Know What You Did Last Summer, Cruel Intentions, and 54. In the 2000s, he appeared in several films, including 2001's Academy Award Best Picture nominee Gosford Park, 2005's Academy Award-winning ensemble film Crash, and the 2006 war drama Flags of Our Fathers. In 2007 he starred in Breach, a movie based on the true story of FBI operative Eric O'Neill, while in 2008 he headlined Kimberly Peirce's Iraq war film Stop-Loss. In 2010, he starred as Pulitzer-Prize winning photographer Greg Marinovich in The Bang-Bang Club.\nHe was married to actress Reese Witherspoon from 1999 to 2007; together, they have a daughter and a son. He also has a daughter from a relationship with actress Alexis Knapp.
/m/01634x	Manchester City Football Club is an English Premier League football club based in Manchester. Founded in 1880 as St. Mark's, they became Ardwick Association Football Club in 1887 and Manchester City in 1894. The club has played at the City of Manchester Stadium since 2003, having played at Maine Road from 1923. The club's most successful period was in the late 1960s and early 1970s when they won the League Championship, FA Cup, League Cup and European Cup Winners' Cup under the management team of Joe Mercer and Malcolm Allison.\nAfter losing the 1981 FA Cup Final, the club went through a period of decline, culminating in relegation to the third tier of English football for the only time in their history in 1998. Having regained Premier League status, the club was purchased in 2008 by Abu Dhabi United Group and became one of the wealthiest in the world. In 2011, Manchester City qualified for the UEFA Champions League and won the FA Cup. In 2012, the club won the Premier League, their first league title for 44 years.
/m/01wy61y	Yumiko Shiina, known by her stage name Ringo Sheena, is a Japanese singer-songwriter, music composer and music producer. She is also the founder and lead vocalist of the band Tokyo Jihen.\nShe describes herself as \"Shinjuku-kei Jisaku-Jien-ya\".\nShe was ranked number 36 in a list of Japan's top 100 musicians compiled by HMV in 2003.
/m/02d6ph	Vodafone Group plc is a British multinational telecommunications company headquartered in London and with its registered office in Newbury, Berkshire. It is the world's third-largest mobile telecommunications company measured by both subscribers and 2013 revenues, and had 453 million subscribers as of June 2013.\nVodafone owns and operates networks in 21 countries and has partner networks in over 40 additional countries. Its Vodafone Global Enterprise division provides telecommunications and IT services to corporate clients in over 65 countries.\nVodafone has a primary listing on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index. It had a market capitalisation of approximately £89.1 billion as of 6 July 2012, the third-largest of any company listed on the London Stock Exchange. It has a secondary listing on NASDAQ.
/m/04sylm	The Manhattan School of Music is a major music conservatory located on the Upper West Side of New York City. The school offers degrees on the bachelors, masters, and doctoral levels in the areas of classical and jazz performance and composition.\nFounded in 1917, the school is located on Claremont Avenue in the Morningside Heights neighborhood of New York City, adjacent to Broadway and West 122nd Street. The MSM campus was originally the home to The Juilliard School, until Juilliard migrated to the Lincoln Center area of Midtown Manhattan. The property was originally owned by the Bloomingdale Insane Asylum until The Juilliard School purchased it in 1927. The campus of Columbia University resides close by, where it has been since 1895. Many of the students live in the school's residence hall, Andersen Hall. At the present time, 75 percent of the students come from outside New York State and 31 percent from outside the United States.
/m/01j7rd	Jonathan Stewart is a voice actor.
/m/015j7	The Bible is a canonical collection of texts considered sacred in Judaism as well as in Christianity. There is no single \"Bible\": many Bibles exist with varying contents. The term Bible is shared between Judaism and Christianity, although the contents of each of their collections of canonical texts is not the same. Different religious groups include different books within their Biblical canons, in different orders, and sometimes divide or combine books, or incorporate additional material into canonical books.\nThe Hebrew Bible, or Tanakh, contains twenty-four books divided into three parts: the five books of the Torah, the Nevi'im, and the Ketuvim.\nChristian Bibles range from the sixty-six books of the Protestant canon to the eighty-one books of the Ethiopian Orthodox Church canon. The first part of Christian Bibles is the Old Testament, which contains, at minimum, the twenty-four books of the Hebrew Bible divided into thirty-nine books and ordered differently from the Hebrew Bible. The Catholic Church and Eastern Christian churches also hold certain deuterocanonical books and passages to be part of the Old Testament canon. The second part is the New Testament, containing twenty-seven books: the four Canonical gospels, Acts of the Apostles, twenty-one Epistles or letters, and the Book of Revelation.
/m/020jqv	Paul Hamilton Williams, Jr. is an American composer, singer-songwriter, director, and actor. He is perhaps best known for popular songs performed by a number of acts in the 1970s including Three Dog Night's rendition of \"An Old Fashioned Love Song\", Helen Reddy's \"You and Me Against the World\", David Bowie's \"Fill Your Heart\", and the Carpenters' \"We've Only Just Begun\" and \"Rainy Days and Mondays\", as well as his contributions to films, such as writing the lyrics to the #1 chart-topping \"Evergreen\", the love theme from A Star Is Born, starring Barbra Streisand, for which he won a Grammy for Song of the Year and an Academy Award for Best Song; and \"Rainbow Connection\" from The Muppet Movie. He also composed the enormously popular opening theme for The Love Boat, originally performed by Jack Jones, and later, by Dionne Warwick.\nHe has also had a variety of high-profile acting roles such as Little Enos Burdette in the highly successful 1977 action-comedy Smokey and the Bandit, and as the villainous Swan in Brian De Palma's Phantom of the Paradise, as well as television, theater, and voice-over work for animation.
/m/0qm8b	Black Hawk Down is a 2001 American war film directed by Ridley Scott. It is an adaptation of the 1999 book of the same name by Mark Bowden based on his series of articles in The Philadelphia Inquirer, which chronicled the events of the Battle of Mogadishu, a raid integral to the United States' effort to capture Somali warlord Mohamed Farrah Aidid.\nThe film features a large ensemble cast, including Josh Hartnett, Eric Bana, Ewan McGregor, Tom Sizemore, William Fichtner and Sam Shepard. The film won two Oscars for Best Film Editing and Best Sound at the 74th Academy Awards. The film was received positively by American film critics, but was strongly criticized by Somalis.
/m/01jj4x	Image Comics is an American comic book publisher. It was founded in 1992 by high-profile illustrators as a venue where creators could publish their material without giving up the copyrights to the characters they created, as creator-owned properties. It was immediately successful, and remains one of the largest comic book publishers in North America. Its output was originally dominated by work from the studios of the Image partners, but later included work by numerous independent creators. Its best-known series include Spawn, Savage Dragon, Witchblade, The Darkness, Invincible, The Walking Dead, Saga, and Haunt.
/m/09bjv	Beirut is the capital and largest city of Lebanon. As there has been no recent population census, the exact population is unknown; estimates in 2007 ranged from slightly more than 1 million to slightly less than 2 million. Located on a peninsula at the midpoint of Lebanon's Mediterranean coast, it serves as the country's largest and main seaport. The Beirut metropolitan area consists of the city and its suburbs. The first mention of this metropolis is found in the ancient Egyptian Tell el Amarna letters, dating from the 15th century BC. The city has been inhabited continuously since then.\nBeirut is Lebanon's seat of government and plays a central role in the Lebanese economy, with many banks and corporations based in its Central District, Hamra Street, Rue Verdun and Ashrafieh. The city is the focal point of the region's cultural life, renowned for its press, theatres, cultural activities and nightlife. After the destructive Lebanese Civil War, Beirut underwent major reconstruction, and the redesigned historic city centre, marina, pubs and nightlife districts have once again made it a tourist attraction.
/m/03818y	Clark Atlanta University is a private, historically black university in Atlanta, in the U.S. state of Georgia. It was formed in 1988 with the consolidation of Clark College and Atlanta University. Clark Atlanta University is a member of the United Negro College Fund.
/m/01pr6q7	Maximilian Raoul \"Max\" Steiner was an Austrian-born American composer of music for theatre and films. He was a child prodigy who conducted his first operetta when he was twelve and became a full-time professional, either composing, arranging or conducting, when he was fifteen.\nHe worked in England, then Broadway, and moved to Hollywood in 1929 where he became one of the first composers to write music scores for films. Steiner is referred to as \"the father of film music\" and is considered one of the greatest film score composers in the history of cinema. Along with such composers as Dimitri Tiomkin, Franz Waxman, Erich Wolfgang Korngold, Alfred Newman and Miklós Rózsa, Steiner played a major part in creating the tradition of writing music for films.\nSteiner composed over 300 film scores with RKO and Warner Brothers, and was nominated for 24 Academy Awards, winning three: The Informer, Now, Voyager, and Since You Went Away. Besides his Oscar-winning scores, some of Steiner's popular works include King Kong, Little Women, Jezebel, Casablanca, and the film score for which he is possibly best known, Gone with the Wind.
/m/0gffmn8	The Expendables return with a vengeance after Tool (Mickey Rourke) departs for a dangerous mission and comes home in a body bag. But as the battle-hardened mercenaries set out to bury the men who murdered their fallen comrade, Tool's volatile daughter, Fiona, seeks bloody vengeance on her own terms. Later, when Fiona gets abducted by a brutal dictator who's been backed into a corner, Barney (Sylvester Stallone) and his men prepare to strike back with everything they've got. The Mechanic's Simon West directs from a script by Stallone and David Agosto.
/m/042tq	Jackson is a city located along Interstate 94 in the south central area of the U.S. state of Michigan, about 40 miles west of Ann Arbor and 35 miles south of Lansing. It is the county seat of Jackson County. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 33,534. It is the principal city of the Jackson Metropolitan Statistical Area, which includes Jackson County and has a population of 160,248.\nIt was founded in 1829 and named after President Andrew Jackson.
/m/0gqwc	Performance by an Actress in a Leading Role is one of the Academy Awards of merit presented annually by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences to recognize an actress who has delivered an outstanding performance while working within the film industry. Prior to the 49th Academy Awards ceremony, this award was known as the Academy Award of Merit for Performance by an Actress. Since its inception, however, the award has commonly been referred to as the Oscar for Best Actress. While actresses are nominated for this award by Academy members who are actors and actresses themselves, winners are selected by the Academy membership as a whole.
/m/01bpc9	Stephen Fain \"Steve\" Earle is an American singer-songwriter, record producer, author and actor. Earle grew up near San Antonio, Texas, and began learning the guitar at age 11. Earle began his career as a songwriter in Nashville and released his first EP in 1982. His breakthrough album was the 1986 album Guitar Town. Since then Earle has released 13 other studio albums and received three Grammy awards. His songs have been recorded by Waylon Jennings, Travis Tritt, Vince Gill, Shawn Colvin and Emmylou Harris. He has appeared in film and television, and has written a novel, a play, and a book of short stories.
/m/0hdf8	Progressive metal is a subgenre of both progressive rock and heavy metal, originating in the United Kingdom and the United States in the late 1980s. Progressive metal blended elements of heavy metal and progressive rock music, taking the loud \"aggression\" and amplified electric guitar-driven sound of the former, with the more experimental, complex and \"pseudo-classical\" compositions of the latter. Progressive metal often utilises the conceptual themes associated with progressive rock. Throughout the years, progressive metal has borrowed influences from several other genres, including classical and jazz fusion music.\nWhilst the genre emerged towards the late-1980s, it was not until the 1990s that progressive metal achieved commercial success. Dream Theater, Queensrÿche and Fates Warning are a few examples of progressive metal bands who achieved commercial success; additionally, heavy metal bands such as Metallica incorporated elements of progressive music in their work. This was shown off especially in the album ...And Justice for All. Progressive metal's popularity started to decline towards the end of the 1990s, but it remains a largely underground genre with a committed fan base.
/m/015y2q	Pune is the eighth largest metropolis in India and the second largest in the state of Maharashtra. It is situated 560 metres above sea level on the Deccan plateau at the right bank of the Mutha river. Pune city is the administrative headquarters of Pune district and was once the centre of power of the Maratha Empire.\nPune is known to have existed as a town since 847 AD. It was the first capital of the Maratha Empire under Chhatrapati Shivaji Raje Bhosale. In the 18th century, Pune became the political centre of Indian subcontinent, as the seat of Maratha Peshwas who were the prime ministers of the Maratha Empire.\nPune is the cultural capital of Maharashtra. Since the 1950-60s, Pune has had traditional old-economy industries which continue to grow. The city is now also known for Manufacturing, Automobile, Government & Private sector Research Institutes, Information technology and Educational, Management,Training institutes that attract migrants, students and Professionals not only from India but also students from South east Asia, Middle East and African countries.
/m/061dn_	The Weinstein Company is an American mini-major film studio founded by Bob and Harvey Weinstein in 2005 after the brothers left the then-Disney-owned Miramax Films, which they had co-founded in 1979. They retained ownership of the Dimension Films label of Miramax.
/m/04ns3gy	Sheila Nevins is an American television producer and the President of HBO Documentary Films. She has produced hundreds of documentary films for HBO and is one of the most influential people in documentary filmmaking. She has worked on productions that have been recognized with 57 Emmy Awards, 31 Peabody Awards, and 21 Academy Awards. She has won 26 individual Primetime Emmy awards, more than any other person.
/m/027d5g5	Antonio \"Tonino\" Guerra was an Italian concentration camp survivor, poet, writer and screenwriter who has collaborated with some of the most prominent film directors of the world.
/m/09xp_	Cricket is a bat-and-ball game played between two teams of 11 players each on a field at the centre of which is a rectangular 22-yard long pitch. Each team takes its turn to bat, attempting to score runs, while the other team fields. Each turn is known as an innings.\nThe bowler delivers the ball to the batsman who attempts to hit the ball with his bat away from the fielders so he can run to the other end of the pitch without getting run out. Each batsman continues batting until he is out. The batting team continues batting until ten batsmen are out or specified number of overs have been bowled, at which point the teams switch roles and the fielding team comes in to bat.\nIn professional cricket the length of a game ranges from 20 overs of six bowling deliveries per side to Test cricket played over five days. The Laws of Cricket are maintained by the International Cricket Council and the Marylebone Cricket Club with additional Standard Playing Conditions for Test matches and One Day Internationals.
/m/0bshwmp	Just Go With It is a 2011 comedy film written by Timothy Dowling, Tim Herlihy, Allan Loeb and Adam Sandler and directed by Dennis Dugan.
/m/0yjf0	Magdalen College is one of the constituent colleges of the University of Oxford in England. As of 2011, the college had an estimated financial endowment of £168.1 million.\nMagdalen stands next to the River Cherwell and has within its grounds a deer park and Addison's Walk. The large, square Magdalen Tower is an Oxford landmark, and it is a tradition since the days of Henry VII that the college choir sings from the top of it at 6 a.m. on May Morning.
/m/01645p	Avocado is the fruit of the avocado tree.
/m/01__z0	The United Malays National Organisation, is Malaysia's largest political party; a founding member of the National Front coalition, which has played a dominant role in Malaysian politics since independence.\nThe UMNO emphasizes as its foundation the struggle to uphold the aspirations of Malay nationalism and the dignity of race, religion and country. The party also aspires to protect the Malay culture as the national culture and to uphold, defend and expand Islam.\nUp to this day, UMNO is the longest continuing ruling party in the world. UMNO is widely considered as backbone of Alliance Party, ruling coalition since 1951 and its successor since 1973, Barisan Nasional.
/m/026w398	The Purdue Boilermakers basketball team is a college basketball program that competes in NCAA Division I and is a member of the Big Ten Conference. Purdue basketball holds the record for most Big Ten Championships with 22. The Boilermakers have reached two NCAA Tournament Final Fours and won a non-NCAA recognized National Championship for the 1932 season, awarded several years later by the Helms Athletic Foundation. It has sent more than 30 players to the NBA including two overall No. 1 picks in the NBA draft. Purdue shares a traditional rivalry with in-state foe Indiana University, and holds a 112-88 series lead, although Indiana leads the series during the NCAA tournament era beginning in 1939.
/m/017kz7	Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory is a 1971 American musical film adaptation of the 1964 novel Charlie and the Chocolate Factory by Roald Dahl, directed by Mel Stuart, and starring Gene Wilder as Willy Wonka. The film tells the story of Charlie Bucket as he receives a Golden Ticket and visits Willy Wonka's chocolate factory with four other children from around the world.\nFilming took place in Munich in 1970, and the film was released on June 30, 1971. It received positive reviews, but it was a box office disappointment. However, it developed into a cult film due to its repeated television airings and home video sales. In 1972, the film received an Academy Award nomination for Best Original Score, and Wilder was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture - Musical or Comedy, but lost both to Fiddler on the Roof.
/m/01mvjl0	Walter Carl Becker is an American musician, songwriter, and record producer. He is best known as the co-founder, guitarist, bassist and co-songwriter of Steely Dan.\nBecker met his future songwriting partner Donald Fagen while studying at Bard College. After a brief period of activity in New York, the two relocated to California in 1971 and formed the nucleus of Steely Dan, who enjoyed a critically and commercially successful ten-year career. Following the group's disbanding, Becker relocated to Hawaii and reduced his musical activity, working primarily as a record producer.\nBecker and Fagen reformed Steely Dan in 1993 and have remained active, most notably including their 2000 Two Against Nature album, which won four Grammy Awards. Becker has also released two solo albums, 1994's 11 Tracks of Whack and 2008's Circus Money.
/m/01dvzy	The City of Makati, in the Philippines, is one of the sixteen cities that make up Metro Manila. Makati is located within the circle of 14′40″ °north and 121′3″ °E right at the center of Metro Manila. According to tradition, the first Governor-General of the Philippines, Miguel López de Legazpi, while exploring a swamp near the Pasig River, asked for the name of the place but, because of the language barrier, was misinterpreted by the Tagalog people. Pointing to the receding tide of Pasig River, the Tagalogs answered, “Makati, kumakati na,” literally meaning ebbing tide.\nMakati is the financial center of the Philippines; it has the highest concentration of multinational and local corporations in the country. Major banks, corporations, department stores as well as foreign embassies are based in Makati. The biggest trading floor of the Philippine Stock Exchange is situated along the city's Ayala Avenue. Makati is also known for being a major cultural and entertainment hub in Metro Manila.\nWith a population of 529,039, Makati is the 16th-largest city in the country and ranked as the 41st most densely populated city in the world with 19,336 inhabitants per square kilometer. Although its population is just half a million, the daytime population of the city is estimated to be more than one million during a typical working day because of the large number of people who go to the city to work, shop, and do business.
/m/05dtwm	Richard Jude Ciccolella, better known as Jude Ciccolella, is an American character actor.
/m/0bqtx	The Second Boer War was fought from 11 October 1899 until 31 May 1902 between the British Empire and the Afrikaans-speaking settlers of two independent Boer republics, the South African Republic and the Orange Free State. It ended with a British victory and the annexation of both republics by the British Empire; both would eventually be incorporated into the Union of South Africa, a dominion of the British Empire, in 1910.\nThe conflict is commonly referred to as The Boer War but is also known as the South African War outside South Africa, the Anglo-Boer War among most South Africans, and in Afrikaans as the Anglo-Boereoorlog or Tweede Vryheidsoorlog or the Engelse oorlog.\nThe Second Boer War and the earlier, much less well known, First Boer War are collectively known as the Boer Wars.
/m/067zx9	Real Murcia Club de Fútbol, S.A.D. is a Spanish football club based in Murcia, in the namesake region. Founded in 1908 it currently plays in Segunda División, playing home matches at Estadio Nueva Condomina, which holds 33,045 spectators.\nHome colors are mainly scarlet shirt and white shorts.
/m/017vb_	Nine Network is the flagship Australian commercial free-to-air television network with headquarters based in Willoughby, a suburb located on the North Shore of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. The Nine Network is one of five main free-to-air commercial networks in Australia.\nThe Nine Network is one of the two highest rating television networks in Australia, along with the Seven Network and ahead of Network Ten, ABC and SBS. Nine had historically been the highest rating television network since television's inception in Australia in 1956 for most years up to 2006, although Network Ten had dominated in 1985 and for a number of years in the 1970s. The Nine Network's was overtaken in the ratings in 2007 by its rival, the Seven Network, which has dominated until recently. As a result, Nine's slogan \"Still the One\" was discontinued. Since 2009, the network's slogan has been \"Welcome Home\". After a few years in slight decline, with a period plagued by mass-sackings, programme cancellations and budget cuts, the Nine Network has experienced a period of stability.
/m/023gxx	Remember the Titans is a 2000 American sports drama film produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and directed by Boaz Yakin. The plot was conceived from a screenplay written by Gregory Allen Howard. The film is based on the true story of African American coach Herman Boone portrayed by Denzel Washington, as he tries to introduce a racially divided team at the T. C. Williams High School in the Washington, D.C. suburb of Alexandria, Virginia during the early 1970s. Actor Will Patton portrays Bill Yoast, an assistant coach making a transition to help out Boone. The real life portrayal of athletes Gerry Bertier and Julius Campbell, played by Ryan Hurst and Wood Harris, appear within the harmonized storyline; while Kip Pardue and Kate Bosworth also star in principal roles.\nA joint collective effort to commit to the film's production was made by the film studios of Walt Disney Pictures, Technical Black, Run It Up Productions Inc., and Jerry Bruckheimer Films. It was commercially distributed by Buena Vista Pictures. Remember the Titans explores civil topics, such as racism, discrimination and athletics. On September 29, 2000, the film's soundtrack was released by Walt Disney Records. It features songs written by several recording artists including Creedence Clearwater Revival, The Hollies, Marvin Gaye, James Taylor and Cat Stevens.
/m/0835q	William Henry Harrison was the ninth President of the United States, an American military officer and politician, and the first president to die in office. He was 68 years, 23 days old when inaugurated, the oldest president to take office until Ronald Reagan in 1981. Harrison died on his 32nd day in office of complications from pneumonia, serving the shortest tenure in United States presidential history. His death sparked a brief constitutional crisis, but its resolution settled many questions about presidential succession left unanswered by the Constitution until 20th-century passage of the 25th Amendment. He was grandfather to Benjamin Harrison, who became the 23rd President of the United States.\nBefore election as president, Harrison served as the first territorial congressional delegate from the Northwest Territory, governor of the Indiana Territory and later as a U.S. representative and senator from Ohio. He originally gained national fame for leading U.S. forces against American Indians at the Battle of Tippecanoe in 1811, where he earned the nickname \"Tippecanoe\". As a general in the subsequent War of 1812, his most notable action was in the Battle of the Thames in 1813, which brought an end to hostilities in his region. This battle resulted in the death of Tecumseh and the dissolution of the Indian coalition which he led.
/m/0104lr	Beaumont is a city in and county seat of Jefferson County, Texas, United States, within the Beaumont–Port Arthur Metropolitan Statistical Area. The city's population was 118,296 at the 2010 census making it the twenty-fourth most populous city in the state of Texas and the state's largest city east of Houston. With Port Arthur and Orange, it forms the Golden Triangle, a major industrial area on the Gulf Coast.\nLamar University with its 15,000 students is located in Beaumont. The city's daily newspaper is The Beaumont Enterprise, while The Examiner is published weekly.\nGulf States Utilities had its headquarters in Beaumont until its absorption by Entergy Corporation in 1993. GSU's Edison Plaza headquarters is still the tallest building in Beaumont. Since 1907, Beaumont has been home of the South Texas State Fair. In 2004, the venue for the Fair changed to Ford Park, a new, larger facility on the west end of Beaumont.
/m/0bl3nn	The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen is a 2003 superhero film loosely based on the first volume of the comic book series The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen by Alan Moore and Kevin O'Neill. It was released on July 11, 2003, in the United States, and distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was directed by Stephen Norrington and starred Sean Connery, Naseeruddin Shah, Peta Wilson, Tony Curran, Stuart Townsend, Shane West, Jason Flemyng, and Richard Roxburgh.\nIt is an action film with prominent pastiche and crossover themes set in the late 19th century, featuring an assortment of fictional literary characters appropriate to the period, who act as Victorian Era superheroes. It draws on the works of Jules Verne, H. G. Wells, Bram Stoker, Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, H. Rider Haggard, Ian Fleming, Herman Melville, Oscar Wilde, Robert Louis Stevenson, Edgar Allan Poe, Gaston Leroux, and Mark Twain, albeit all adapted for the film.\nThe film grossed $179,265,204 worldwide at the box office, rental revenue of $48,640,000, and DVD sales as of 2003 at $36,400,000. Though not popular with critics or fans of the comic series, the movie has a cult following, particularly within the Victorian steampunk community. It was intended to spawn a film franchise based on further titles in the original comic book series, but there was little enthusiasm for a sequel.
/m/013bqg	High Wycombe formerly called Chepping Wycombe or Chipping Wycombe until 1946, is a large town in Buckinghamshire, England. It is 29 miles westnorthwest of Charing Cross in London; this information is also engraved on the Corn Market building in the centre of the town. According to the 2011 census High Wycombe has a population of 120,256 making it the second largest town in the county of Buckinghamshire after Milton Keynes. The High Wycombe Urban Area, the conurbation of which the town is the largest component, has a population of 133,204.\nHigh Wycombe is mostly an unparished area in the Wycombe district. Part of the urban area constitutes the civil parish of Chepping Wycombe, which had a population of 14,455 according to the 2001 census – this parish represents that part of the ancient parish of Chepping Wycombe which was outside the former municipal borough of Wycombe.\nWycombe is a combination of industrial and market town, with a traditional emphasis on furniture production. There has been a market held in the High Street since at least the Middle Ages.
/m/0b1hw	Soundgarden is an American rock band formed in Seattle, Washington, in 1984 by singer and rhythm guitarist Chris Cornell, lead guitarist Kim Thayil, and bassist Hiro Yamamoto. Matt Cameron became the band's full-time drummer in 1986, while bassist Ben Shepherd became a permanent replacement for Yamamoto in 1990.\nSoundgarden was one of the seminal bands in the creation of grunge, a style of alternative rock that developed in Seattle, and was one of a number of grunge bands signed to the record label Sub Pop. Soundgarden was the first grunge band to sign to a major label, though the band did not achieve commercial success until they popularized the genre in the early 1990s with Seattle contemporaries Pearl Jam, Nirvana, and Alice in Chains.\nSoundgarden achieved its biggest success with the 1994 album Superunknown, which debuted at number one on the Billboard charts and yielded the Grammy Award-winning singles \"Black Hole Sun\" and \"Spoonman\". In 1997, the band broke up due to internal strife over its creative direction. After several years working on projects and other bands, Soundgarden reunited in 2010 and their sixth studio album, King Animal, was released two years later.
/m/02b1b5	Barnet Football Club is an English professional football club based in Barnet, London. The club play in the Conference Premier, the fifth tier of English football. The current joint managers are Ulrich Landvreugd and Dick Schreuder.\nBetween 1907 and 2013 the club played at Underhill Stadium, situated in the town of Barnet within the London Borough of Barnet. The club moved to The Hive Stadium, situated in Canons Park in the London Borough of Harrow, for the 2013–14 season.\nThe 1992–93 season is widely regarded as Barnet's most eventful season. The club were on the verge of expulsion for failing to pay their players' wages as well as failing to meet a deadline for a £50,000 fine. In spite of these problems Barnet won promotion to Division Two, but the Bees were unable to sustain themselves at this level and went down after one season with just five league wins in the campaign. Barry Fry was the manager who secured Barnet's promotion successes in the early 1990s. In 2001 they were relegated to the Conference.\nIn March 2004 they were in one of the play-off positions of the Conference but failed to gain promotion to League Two, the lowest flight of the Football League. In the 2004–05 season they won the Conference, to return to the Football League after an absence of four years, where they remained until they were relegated back to the Conference in 2012–13.
/m/02qw2xb	Lea Michele Sarfati, known professionally as Lea Michele, is an American actress and singer, best known for her performance as Rachel Berry on the Fox television series Glee. Michele's portrayal of Rachel has received much critical praise, earning her a Satellite Award, a Screen Actors Guild Award and three consecutive People's Choice Awards. She has also received two Golden Globe nominations and an Emmy nomination for her performance.\nMichele began working professionally as a child actress on Broadway in productions such as Les Misérables, Ragtime, and Fiddler on the Roof. In 2006, she originated the lead role of Wendla in the Broadway musical Spring Awakening. On film, Michele starred in the 2011 romantic comedy movie New Year's Eve, and has voiced the character of Dorothy Gale in the upcoming animated movie Legends of Oz: Dorothy's Return.\nMichele signed to Columbia Records as a solo recording artist in 2012. Her first single, \"Cannonball\", was released on December 10, 2013. Her debut album, Louder, is set to be released on March 4, 2014. Her first book, Brunette Ambition, is set for release on May 13, 2014, and will be published by Harmony Books.
/m/04zjxcz	In analytical chemistry, ashing is the process of mineralization for preconcentration of trace substances prior to chemical analysis. Ash is the name given to all non-aqueous residue that remains after a sample is burned, which consists mostly of metal oxides.\nAsh is one of the components in the proximate analysis of biological materials, consisting mainly of salty, inorganic constituents. It includes metal salts which are important for processes requiring ions such as Na+, K+, and Ca2+. It also includes trace minerals which are required for unique molecules, such as chlorophyll and hemoglobin.
/m/0135xb	Joe Jackson is an English musician and singer-songwriter now living in Berlin, whose five Grammy Award nominations span from 1979 to 2001. He is probably best known for the 1978 hit song and first single \"Is She Really Going Out with Him?\", which still gets extensive US FM radio airplay; for his 1982 Top 10 hit, \"Steppin' Out\"; and for his 1984 success with \"You Can't Get What You Want\". He was popular for his pop/rock and New Wave music early on before moving to more eclectic, though less commercially successful, pop/jazz/classical hybrids.
/m/0snty	Bloomington is a city in and the county seat of Monroe County in the southern region of the U.S. state of Indiana. According to the Monroe County History Center, Bloomington is known as the \"Gateway to Scenic Southern Indiana.\" The city was established in 1818 by a group of settlers from Kentucky, Tennessee, the Carolinas and Virginia who were so impressed with \"a haven of blooms\" that they called it Bloomington.\nThe population was 80,405 at the 2010 census.\nBloomington is the home to Indiana University Bloomington. Established in 1820, IU Bloomington has approximately 40,000 students and is the original and largest campus of Indiana University. In the 1991 book entitled The Campus as a Work of Art, author Thomas Gaines named the Bloomington campus one of the five most beautiful in America. Most of the campus buildings are built of Indiana limestone.\nBloomington is also the home of the Indiana University School of Public and Environmental Affairs, Indiana University Maurer School of Law, the Jacobs School of Music, the Kelley School of Business, the Kinsey Institute, the Indiana University School of Optometry, and the Midwest Proton Radiotherapy Institute.\nBloomington has been designated a Tree City for more than 20 years. The city was also the location of the Academy Award-winning 1979 movie Breaking Away, featuring a reenactment of Indiana University's annual Little 500 bicycle race. Monroe County's famous limestone quarries are also featured in the movie.
/m/02wyc0	Abhishek Bachchan is an Indian film actor, producer, playback singer and television host. Bachchan has received three Filmfare Awards for acting, a National Award as producer and was named as one of the highest paid actors in Bollywood in 2010.\nBachchan made his acting debut in the drama film Refugee. He became a full-fledged movie star after starring in commercially successful action thriller Dhoom which was the first film in the Dhoom series. Bachchan received critical acclaim for his work in Yuva, and garnered equal praise for the commercially successful films like Bunty Aur Babli, Sarkar, Kabhi Alvida Naa Kehna and Guru. He subsequently appeared in blockbusters like Dhoom 2, Dostana, Paa, Bol Bachchan and Dhoom 3. He produced Paa along with Sunil Manchanda which won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Hindi.\nMarried to actress and former Miss World Aishwarya Rai, Bachchan comes from a Bollywood family. His father Amitabh Bachchan is a leading actor in Hindi cinema and his mother Jaya Bhaduri Bachchan is a former leading actress.
/m/04tz52	Popeye is a 1980 musical comedy live-action film adaptation directed by Robert Altman and adapted from E. C. Segar's Thimble Theatre aka Popeye comic strip. It stars Robin Williams as Popeye the Sailor Man and Shelley Duvall as Olive Oyl.\nIt premiered on December 6, 1980 in Los Angeles, California, to mixed reviews and disappointing box office. The film has since been released on DVD as well as digital download. Harry Nilsson's soundtrack received mostly positive reviews.
/m/03h2c3	Star Plus is a Hindi language general entertainment television channel based in India. Star Plus channel is part of 21st Century Fox's STAR India network. The shows include a mix of family dramas, comedies, reality shows, shows on crime and telefilms.\nThe channel is also distributed worldwide by Fox International Channels, subsidiary of 21st Century Fox.
/m/01ngx6	Gateshead is a large town in Tyne and Wear, England and is the main settlement in the Metropolitan Borough of Gateshead. Historically, it was part of County Durham prior to the creation of Tyne and Wear in 1974. The large urban town lies on the southern bank of the River Tyne opposite Newcastle upon Tyne and together they form the urban core of the Tyneside conurbation. Gateshead and Newcastle are joined by seven bridges across the Tyne, including the landmark Gateshead Millennium Bridge. The town is well known for its iconic architecture such as the Sage Gateshead, the Angel of the North and the Baltic Centre for Contemporary Art.
/m/0g_tv	Montmartre Cemetery is a cemetery in the 18th arrondissement of Paris, France.
/m/02825kb	Forgetting Sarah Marshall is a 2008 American romantic comedy-drama film directed by Nicholas Stoller and starring Jason Segel, Kristen Bell, Mila Kunis and Russell Brand. The film, which was written by Segel and co-produced by Judd Apatow, was released by Universal Studios. Filming began in April 2007 at the Turtle Bay Resort on the North Shore of Oahu Island in Hawaii. The film was released for North American theaters on April 18, 2008 and in the UK a week later on April 25, 2008.\nThe story revolves around Peter Bretter, who is a music composer for a TV show that happens to feature his girlfriend, Sarah Marshall, in the lead role. After a five-year relationship, Sarah abruptly breaks up with Peter. Devastated by this event, he chooses to go on a vacation in Hawaii, in order to try to move forward with his life. Trouble ensues when he runs into his ex on the island as she is vacationing with her new boyfriend.
/m/01wxdn3	David John Haskins, better known as David J, is a British alternative rock musician. He was the bassist for the gothic rock band Bauhaus and Love and Rockets.\nHe is the older brother of Kevin Haskins, also a musician and member of Bauhaus.
/m/0hv4t	Chinatown is a 1974 American neo-noir film, directed by Roman Polanski from a screenplay by Robert Towne, and starring Jack Nicholson, Faye Dunaway, and John Huston. The film was inspired by the California Water Wars, a series of disputes over southern California water at the beginning of the 20th century by which Los Angeles interests secured water rights in the Owens Valley. The Robert Evans production, a Paramount Pictures release, was the director's last film in the United States, and features many elements of film noir, particularly a multi-layered story that is part mystery and part psychological drama.\nIn 1991 the film was selected by the Library of Congress for preservation in the United States National Film Registry for films that are \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant,\" and it is frequently listed among the greatest in world cinema. The 1975 Academy Awards saw it nominated eleven times, with an Oscar going to Robert Towne for Best Original Screenplay. The Golden Globe Awards honored it for Best Drama, Best Director, Best Actor, and Best Screenplay. The American Film Institute placed it second among mystery films.\nA sequel, The Two Jakes, was released in 1990, again starring Nicholson, who also directed, with Robert Towne returning to write the screenplay. The film failed to generate the acclaim of its predecessor.
/m/064ndc	Radio is a 2003 film directed by Mike Tollin that is based on the true story of T. L. Hanna High School football coach Harold Jones and a mentally challenged young man James Robert \"Radio\" Kennedy. Also starring Debra Winger and Alfre Woodard, it was inspired by the 1996 Sports Illustrated article \"Someone to Lean On\" by Gary Smith. This movie was filmed primarily in Walterboro, South Carolina, because its buildings and downtown areas still fit the look of the era the film depicted.\nThe film's lead character, Radio, is based upon James Robert Kennedy. Kennedy grew up fascinated by radios. His nickname, Radio, was given to him by townspeople because of the radio he carried everywhere he went. He still attends T. L. Hanna High School and helps coach the football team and the basketball team. He is known to ask students before football games, \"We gonna get that quarterback?\", and say \"We gonna win tonight!\" . ReelSports provided the football and basketball coordination for the film.
/m/03pmzt	Keith David Williams, better known as Keith David, is an American film, television, voice actor and singer. He has acted in many mainstream films, such as Crash, There's Something About Mary, Barbershop and Men at Work. He has also had memorable roles in numerous cult favorites, including John Carpenter's films The Thing and They Live, the Riddick films Pitch Black and The Chronicles of Riddick, the General in Armageddon, King in Oliver Stone's Platoon, and Big Tim in Darren Aronofsky's Requiem for a Dream.\nDavid is also well known for his voice-over career, primarily his Emmy Award winning work as the narrator of numerous Ken Burns films such as The War. Characters that he has voiced include Goliath on the Disney series Gargoyles, Spawn/Al Simmons on Todd McFarlane's Spawn which aired on HBO, the Arbiter in Halo 2 and Halo 3, David Anderson in the Mass Effect series, the Decepticon Barricade in Transformers: The Game, Julius Little in Saints Row and Saints Row 2, Himself in Saints Row IV, Sgt. Foley in Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2, Dr. Facilier in The Princess and the Frog, the Flame King in Adventure Time, and Chaos in Dissidia Final Fantasy and Dissidia 012 Final Fantasy. He is also known for his voice-overs on United States Navy commercials and replaced the late Paul Winfield as the narrator of the City Confidential documentary television crime series.
/m/07lrrt	A healing factor is the ability of some characters in fiction to recover from bodily injuries or disease at a superhuman rate. Since the introduction of Wolverine by Marvel Comics in 1974 and inspired by the immense popularity of the character, superhuman healing has become a fairly common superhuman ability featured in comic books, novels, television, film, and other mediums. The overall efficiency of a character's healing factor often fluctuates due to various writers applying a very broad degree of artistic license. As a result, especially concerning characters depicted in comic books, it's become a very common source of debate among fans. Over the years, it's also become common for healing factors to have an umbrella effect in which it serves as a partial source for multiple superhuman abilities; with varying degrees and numbers of superhuman physical attributes with strength, speed, stamina, agility, reflexes, durability and senses as the most common. The source of a character's healing factor, depending upon the medium, usually ranges from natural genetic mutation, accidental exposure to radioactive materials, artificially induced genetic enhancement, cybernetic augmentation, magic or even a combination of different factors.
/m/071x0k	The Filipino people or Filipinos are an ethnic group native to the islands of the Philippines. There are about 104 million Filipinos in the Philippines, and about 13 million living outside the Philippines.\nThere are around 180 languages spoken in the Philippines, most of them belonging to the Austronesian language family, with Tagalog and Cebuano having the greatest number of native speakers. The official languages of the Philippines are Filipino and English and most Filipinos are bilingual or trilingual.\nThe Philippines were a Spanish colony for over 300 years, leaving what can now be called Filipino culture and people semi-Hispanicized. Under Spanish rule, most of the Filipino populace embraced Roman Catholicism, yet revolted many times to its hierarchy. Due to a colonial program, many families adopted Spanish surnames from the Catálogo alfabético de apellidos published in 1849 by the Spanish colonial government. As the Philippine Statistics Department does not account for the racial background or ancestry of an individual, the official percentage of Filipinos with Spanish ancestry is unknown.
/m/04qvq0	Neofolk is a form of folk music-inspired experimental music that emerged from post-industrial music circles. Neofolk can either be solely acoustic folk music or a blend of acoustic folk instrumentation aided by varieties of accompanying sounds such as pianos, strings and elements of industrial music and experimental music. The genre encompasses a wide assortment of themes. Neofolk musicians often have ties to other genres such as neoclassical and martial industrial.
/m/01jv68	The Mongol Empire existed during the 13th and 14th centuries, and was the largest contiguous land empire in human history. Beginning in the Central Asian steppes, it eventually stretched from Central Europe to the Sea of Japan, covering Siberia in the north and extending southward into Indochina, the Indian subcontinent, the Iranian plateau, and the Middle East.\nThe Mongol Empire emerged from the unification of Mongol and Turkic tribes of historical Mongolia under the leadership of Genghis Khan. Genghis Khan was proclaimed ruler of all Mongols in 1206. The empire grew rapidly under his rule and then under the rule of his descendants, who sent invasions in every direction. The vast transcontinental empire which connected the east with the west with an enforced Pax Mongolica allowed trade, technologies, commodities and ideologies to be disseminated and exchanged across Eurasia.\nThe empire began to split as a result of wars over succession, as the grandchildren of Genghis Khan disputed whether the royal line should follow from Genghis's son and initial heir Ögedei, or one of his other sons such as Tolui, Chagatai, or Jochi. The Toluids prevailed after a bloody purge of Ögedeid and Chagataid factions, but disputes continued even among the descendants of Tolui. After Möngke Khan died, rival kurultai councils would simultaneously elect different successors, the brothers Ariq Böke and Kublai, who then not only had to defy each other, but also deal with challenges from descendants of other of Genghis's sons. Kublai successfully took power, but civil war ensued, as Kublai sought, unsuccessfully, to regain control of the Chagatayid and Ögedeid families.
/m/0nvt9	Cook County is a county in the United States state of Illinois, with its county seat in Chicago. It is the second most populous county in the US after Los Angeles County, California. The county has 5,231,351 residents, which is 40.6 percent of all Illinois residents. Cook County's population is larger than that of 29 individual U.S. states and the combined populations of the seven smallest states. There are over 130 incorporated municipalities in Cook County, the largest of which is Chicago, which makes up approximately 54% of the population of the county. That part of the county which lies outside of the Chicago city limits is divided into 30 townships. Geographically the county is the fifth largest in Illinois by land area and shares the state's Lake Michigan shoreline with Lake County. Including its lake area, the county has a total area of 1,635 square miles, the largest county in Illinois, of which 946 square miles is land and 689 square miles is water. Cook County is mainly urban and very densely populated, containing most of the City of Chicago and many suburbs. It is surrounded by the five collar counties.
/m/05cwl_	Established in 1918, Otis College of Art and Design is L.A.'s first independent professional school of art. The main campus is located in the former IBM Aerospace Headquarters at 9045 Lincoln Boulevard in Los Angeles, California. Designed by architect Eliot Noyes, the building was built in 1963 and extensively remodeled in 2011 by the college to suit its purposes. The Galef Center, made for the Fine Arts department, was designed by Fredrick Fisher.\nThe school's programs, accredited by WASC and National Association of Schools of Art and Design, include four-year BFA degrees in illustration, fine arts, graphic design, architecture, landscape design, interior design, fashion design, digital media, toy design, and product design. It also offers MFA degrees in fine arts, graphic design, public practice, and writing. Undergraduate students choose a major in their second year, after completing a battery of traditional drawing, painting, composition, and construction classes in their first or \"Foundation\" year. In addition to studio work, standard liberal arts courses are required, although traditional history courses are replaced by art history.\nThe movie Art School Confidential was partially filmed at Otis. Otis Foundation Professor Gary Geraths worked as a consultant on the film.
/m/0149xx	Mstislav Leopoldovich Rostropovich, KBE, was a Soviet and Russian cellist and conductor. He is considered by many to have been the greatest cellist of the second half of the 20th century, and one of the greatest of all time. In addition to his interpretations and technique, he was well known for both inspiring and commissioning new works, which enlarged the cello repertoire more than any cellist before or since. He gave the premieres of over 100 pieces, forming long-standing friendships and artistic partnerships with composers including Dmitri Shostakovich, Sergei Prokofiev, Henri Dutilleux, Witold Lutoslawski, Olivier Messiaen, Luciano Berio, Krzysztof Penderecki, Alfred Schnittke, Norbert Moret, Andreas Makris and especially Benjamin Britten.\nRostropovich was internationally recognized as a staunch advocate of human rights, and was awarded the 1974 Award of the International League of Human Rights. He was married to the soprano Galina Vishnevskaya and had two daughters, Olga and Elena Rostropovich.
/m/027jk	Djibouti, officially the Republic of Djibouti, is a country located in the Horn of Africa. It is bordered by Eritrea in the north, Ethiopia in the west and south, and Somalia in the southeast. The remainder of the border is formed by the Red Sea and the Gulf of Aden at the east. Djibouti occupies a total area of just 23,200 km².\nIn antiquity, the territory was part of the Land of Punt. Nearby Zeila was the seat of the medieval Adal and Ifat Sultanates. In the late 19th century, the colony of French Somaliland was established following treaties signed by the ruling Somali and Afar sultans with the French and its railroad to Dire Dawa allowed it to quickly supersede Zeila as the port for southern Ethiopia and the Ogaden. It was subsequently renamed to the French Territory of the Afars and the Issas in 1967. A decade later, the Djiboutian people voted for independence. This officially marked the establishment of the Republic of Djibouti, named after its capital city. Djibouti joined the United Nations the same year, on September 20, 1977. In the early 1990s, tensions over government representation led to armed conflict, which ended in a power sharing agreement in 2000 between the ruling party and the opposition.
/m/073y53	The John Fritz Medal is since 1902 yearly awarded by the American Association of Engineering Societies for \"outstanding scientific or industrial achievements\". The medal was created for the 80th birthday of John Fritz, who lived between 1822 and 1913.
/m/02b171	Mansfield Town Football Club is an English football club from the town of Mansfield, Nottinghamshire. The club was formed in 1897 as Mansfield Wesleyans, changing its name to Mansfield Wesley in 1906 before settling on Mansfield Town in 1910. They are nicknamed Stags and traditionally play in amber and royal blue.\nThe club will be competing in League Two for the 2013–14 season, their 78th in the Football League, following their promotion from the Football Conference as champions in the 2012–13 season. Mansfield have lifted four professional trophies, winning the Fourth Division title in 1974–75, the Third Division in 1976–77, the Football League Trophy in 1986–87 and the Football Conference title in 2012–13. The Stags also finished as runners-up in the 2010–11 FA Trophy.\nSince 1919 the team's home ground was known as Field Mill until April 2012 when, for sponsorship purposes, the ground was renamed to One Call Stadium, which holds 9,186 seated spectators. The ground was renovated in 2001 after a decision not to move to a purpose-built ground. Issues with previous club owner and landlord Keith Haslam came to a head when the club was locked out of the ground in December 2010. Although the issue was resolved, the club was left considering building a new stadium or groundsharing with a local club in order to be able to gain promotion back to the Football League. After protracted negotiations, chairman John Radford purchased Field Mill from Haslam on 1 March 2012.
/m/08tyb_	The Italia Conti Academy is a co-educational independent school for pupils aged from 10 to 19 years, and a theatre arts training school, based in London, England. It was founded in 1911 by actress Italia Conti.\nThe academy grew out of the first production of the play Where the Rainbow Ends. Italia Conti, who was an established actress and had a reputation for her success working with young people, was asked to take over the job of training the cast. The play was a triumph and the school was born in basement studios in London’s Great Portland Street.
/m/01dbgw	Piper Laurie is an American actress of stage and screen known for her roles in the television series Twin Peaks and the films The Hustler, Carrie, and Children of a Lesser God, all of which brought her Academy Award nominations. In 1991, she won a Golden Globe Award for her portrayal of Catherine Martell in Twin Peaks.
/m/01gb1c	The Democratic Unionist Party is the larger of the two main unionist political parties in Northern Ireland. Founded by Ian Paisley and now led by Peter Robinson, it is the largest party in the Northern Ireland Assembly and the fourth-largest party in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom.\nThe DUP has strong links to Protestant churches, particularly the Free Presbyterian Church of Ulster, the church Paisley founded, and is considered a Protestant political party.\nFollowing on from the St Andrews Agreement in October 2006, the DUP agreed with the Irish republican party Sinn Féin to enter into power-sharing devolved government in Northern Ireland. In the aftermath of the agreement there were reports of divisions within the DUP. Many of its leading members, including Members of Parliament Nigel Dodds, David Simpson and Gregory Campbell, were claimed to be in opposition to Paisley. All the party's MPs fully signed up to the manifesto for the 2007 Assembly elections, supporting power sharing in principle. An overwhelming majority of the party executive voted in favour of restoring devolution in a meeting in March 2007; however, the DUP's sole Member of the European Parliament, Jim Allister, and seven DUP councillors later resigned from the party in opposition to its plans to share power with Sinn Féin. They founded the Traditional Unionist Voice in December 2007.
/m/02x9g_	Montana State University is a public university located in Bozeman, Montana, United States. It is the state's land-grant university and primary campus in the Montana State University System, which is part of the Montana University System. MSU offers baccalaureate degrees in 51 fields, master's degrees in 41 fields, and doctoral degrees in 18 fields through its nine colleges.\nAlmost 15,300 students attend MSU, and the university faculty numbers, including department heads, are 743 full-time and 411 part-time. The university's main campus in Bozeman is home to KUSM television, KGLT radio, and the Museum of the Rockies. MSU provides outreach services to citizens and communities statewide through its eight Agricultural Experiment Stations and 60 county and reservation Extension Offices.
/m/027hm_	Charles Edward \"Charlie\" Daniels is an American musician known for his contributions to country and southern rock music. He is perhaps best known for his number one country hit \"The Devil Went Down to Georgia\", and multiple other songs he has written and performed. Daniels has been active as a singer since the early 1950s. He was inducted into the Grand Ole Opry on January 24, 2008 and the Musicians Hall of Fame and Museum in 2009.
/m/0y62n	Staten Island is one of the five boroughs of New York City, in the U.S. state of New York, located in the southwest part of the city. Staten Island is separated from New Jersey by the Arthur Kill and the Kill Van Kull, and from the rest of New York by New York Bay. With a population of 468,730, Staten Island is the least populated of the boroughs but is the third-largest in area at 59 sq mi.\nThe borough is coextensive with Richmond County, and until 1975 the borough was officially named the Borough of Richmond. Staten Island has been sometimes called \"the forgotten borough\" by inhabitants who feel neglected by the city government.\nThe North Shore — especially the neighborhoods of St. George, Tompkinsville, Clifton, and Stapleton — is the most urban part of the island; it contains the officially designated St. George Historic District and the St. Paul’s Avenue-Stapleton Heights Historic District, which feature large Victorian houses. The East Shore is home to the 2.5-mile F.D.R. Boardwalk, the fourth-longest in the world. The South Shore developed rapidly beginning in the 1960s and 1970s, and is mostly suburban in character. The West Shore is the least populated and most industrial part of the island.
/m/02n9nmz	The British Academy of Film and Television Arts Award for Best Adapted Screenplay has been presented to its winners since 1968:
/m/01xdn1	The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. is an American multinational investment banking firm that engages in global investment banking, securities, investment management, and other financial services primarily with institutional clients.\nGoldman Sachs was founded in 1869 and is headquartered at 200 West Street in the Lower Manhattan area of New York City, with additional offices in international financial centers. The firm provides mergers and acquisitions advice, underwriting services, asset management, and prime brokerage to its clients, which include corporations, governments and individuals. The firm also engages in market making and private equity deals, and is a primary dealer in the United States Treasury security market. It is recognized as one of the premier investment banks in the world, but has sparked a great deal of controversy over its alleged improper practices, including the loosening of financial industry underwriting guidelines which had been intact since the 1930s, and in particular its actions since the 2007–2012 global financial crisis.\nFormer Goldman executives who moved on to government positions include: Robert Rubin and Henry Paulson who served as United States Secretary of the Treasury under Presidents Bill Clinton and George W. Bush, respectively; Mario Draghi, President of the European Central Bank; Mark Carney, Governor of the Bank of Canada 2008–13 and Governor of the Bank of England from July 2013.
/m/01_1kk	Paris Saint-Germain Football Club, also known simply as Paris Saint-Germain, is a professional association football club based in Paris, France. It was founded on 12 August 1970, due to the merger of Paris FC and Stade Saint-Germain. PSG has been playing in Ligue 1 since 1974. Les Rouge-et-Bleu have won 3 Ligue 1, 1 Ligue 2, 8 Coupe de France, 3 Coupe de la Ligue, 3 Trophée des Champions, 1 UEFA Cup Winners' Cup and 1 UEFA Intertoto Cup. Having won 20 titles, Paris Saint-Germain is the fourth most successful club in France and one of only two French clubs to win a major European club competition.\nThe Parc des Princes has been the home stadium of Paris Saint-Germain since 1974. The Camp des Loges has been operating as a training centre for the club since 1970. The Tournoi de Paris has been hosted by the capital club at the Parc des Princes since 1975. The crest and shirt of Les Parisiens were mainly designed by Daniel Hechter. The crest represents Paris through the Eiffel Tower and Saint-Germain-en-Laye through the fleur-de-lys between the legs of the tower. The shirt is blue with a red central vertical bar framed by white edgings.
/m/03l6bs	Beloit College is a private liberal arts college in Beloit, Wisconsin, founded in 1846 by a Yale University graduate Aaron Lucius Chapin. It is a member of the Associated Colleges of the Midwest, and has an enrollment of roughly 1,300 undergraduate students. Beloit is the oldest continuously operated college in Wisconsin, and has the oldest building of any college northwest of Chicago in continuous academic use.\nBeloit gained national attention after its inclusion in Loren Pope's book, Colleges That Change Lives, which distinguishes schools having two essential elements: \"A familial sense of communal enterprise that gets students heavily involved in cooperative rather than competitive learning, and a faculty of scholars devoted to helping young people develop their powers, mentors who often become their valued friends\".
/m/0459q4	Cantonese, or Standard Cantonese, is a language that originated in the vicinity of Canton in southern China, and is often regarded as the prestige dialect of Yue. Sometime also known as Guangfuhua a broader definition which also include the Guangzhou dialect, Hong Kong dialect, Xiguan dialect, Wuzhou dialect, and Tanka dialect.\nCantonese is the prestige language of the Cantonese people. Inside mainland China, it is a lingua franca in Guangdong Province and some neighbouring areas, such as the eastern part of Guangxi Province. Outside mainland China, it is spoken by the majority population of Hong Kong and Macau in everyday life. It is also spoken by overseas Chinese communities in Southeast Asia, Canada, Brazil, Peru, Cuba, Panama, Australia, New Zealand, Europe, and the United States where it is the third most common language in the country.\nWhile the term Cantonese refers narrowly to the prestige language described in this article, it is often used in a broader sense for the entire Yue branch of Chinese, including related dialects such as Taishanese.
/m/06688p	John Scot Barrowman is a Scottish-American actor, singer, dancer, presenter and writer who holds both British and American citizenship. Born in Glasgow, Scotland, he emigrated to the United States with his family in 1975. Encouraged by his high school teachers, Barrowman studied performing arts at the United States International University in San Diego before landing the role of Billy Crocker in Cole Porter's Anything Goes at London's West End.\nSince his debut in professional theatre, Barrowman has played lead roles in various musicals both in the West End and on Broadway, including Miss Saigon, The Phantom of the Opera, Sunset Boulevard and Matador. After appearing in Sam Mendes' production of The Fix, he was nominated for the 1998 Laurence Olivier Award for Best Actor in a Musical and, in the early 2000s, returned to the role of Billy Crocker in the revival of Anything Goes. His most recent West End credit was in the 2009 production of La Cage aux Folles.\nAside his theatrical career, Barrowman has appeared in various films including the musical biopic De-Lovely and musical comedy The Producers. Before venturing into British television, he featured in the American television dramas Titans and Central Park West but he is better known for his acting and presenting work for the BBC that includes his work for CBBC in its earlier years, his self-produced entertainment programme Tonight's the Night, and his BAFTA Cymru-nominated role of Captain Jack Harkness in the science fiction series Doctor Who and Torchwood. Barrowman has also had a number of guest roles in television programmes both in the US and the UK. He appeared as a contestant on the first series of celebrity ice skating show Dancing on Ice while his theatrical background allowed him to become a judge on Andrew Lloyd Webber's musical talent shows How Do You Solve a Problem like Maria?, Any Dream Will Do and I'd Do Anything. In 2006, he was voted Stonewall's Entertainer of the Year. More recently Barrowman starred in the CW's Arrow as Malcolm Merlyn/The Dark Archer, the show's version of the DC villain Merlyn the Archer. Starting in 2013, he hosts the BBC One quiz show Pressure Pad.
/m/02cyfz	James Roy Horner is an American composer, conductor, and orchestrator of orchestral and film music. He is noted for the integration of choral and electronic elements in many of his film scores, and for frequent use of Celtic musical elements. His score to the 1997 film Titanic remains the best selling orchestral film soundtrack of all time.\nIn addition, Horner has scored over 100 films, frequently collaborating with acclaimed directors such as James Cameron, Mel Gibson and Ron Howard. Other scores he worked on include those of Commando, Titanic, Braveheart, Willow, Apollo 13, Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan, Star Trek III: The Search for Spock, Cocoon, Legends of the Fall, Aliens, Glory, The Mask of Zorro, Field of Dreams, Enemy at the Gates, Casper, Troy, Bicentennial Man, The Rocketeer, A Beautiful Mind, Mighty Joe Young, The Perfect Storm, Deep Impact, Avatar, and more recently, The Amazing Spider-Man.\nHorner has won two Academy Awards, two Golden Globe Awards, three Satellite Awards, three Saturn Awards, and has been nominated for three British Academy Film Awards. His body of work is also notable for including the scores to the two highest-grossing films of all time: Titanic and Avatar, both of which were directed by James Cameron.
/m/01gkmx	John Paul Cusack is an American actor, producer, and screenwriter who has appeared in films such as Say Anything..., Grosse Pointe Blank, High Fidelity, Con Air, Being John Malkovich, 1408, Must Love Dogs, 2012, Martian Child, America's Sweethearts, and The Butler.
/m/05kkh	Ohio is a state in the Midwestern United States. Ohio is the 34th largest, the 7th most populous, and the 10th most densely populated of the 50 United States. The state's capital and largest city is Columbus.\nThe name \"Ohio\" originated from Iroquois word ohi-yo’, meaning \"great river\" or \"large creek\". The state, originally partitioned from the Northwest Territory, was admitted to the Union as the 17th state on March 1, 1803. Although there are conflicting narratives regarding the origin of the nickname, Ohio is historically known as the \"Buckeye State\" and Ohioans are also known as \"Buckeyes\".\nThe government of Ohio is composed of the executive branch, led by the Governor; the legislative branch, which comprises the Ohio General Assembly; and the judicial branch, which is led by the Supreme Court. Currently, Ohio occupies 16 seats in the United States House of Representatives. Ohio is known for its status as both a swing state and a bellwether in national elections.
/m/02t_st	Gregory Buck \"Greg\" Kinnear is an American actor and television personality who first rose to stardom in 1991. He has appeared in more than 20 motion pictures, and was nominated for an Academy Award for his role in As Good as It Gets.\nHe has appeared in other notable films, including Sabrina, You've Got Mail, Nurse Betty, We Were Soldiers, Little Miss Sunshine, Invincible and Green Zone. Notable TV roles include Friends and his Emmy nominated roles for Talk Soup, The Kennedys and Modern Family, as well as starring as Keegan Deane, in the 2014 series, Rake.
/m/02_wxh	Howard Michael \"Howie\" Mandel is a Canadian comedian, actor, television host, and voice actor. He is well known as host of the NBC game show Deal or No Deal, as well as the show's daytime and Canadian-English counterparts. Before his career as a game show host, Mandel was best known for his role as rowdy ER intern Dr. Wayne Fiscus on the NBC medical drama St. Elsewhere. He is also well known for being the creator and star of the children's cartoon Bobby's World. On June 6, 2009, he hosted the 2009 Game Show Awards on GSN. Mandel became a judge on NBC's America's Got Talent, replacing David Hasselhoff, in the fifth season of the reality talent contest. Mandel has mysophobia to the point that he does not shake hands with anyone, including contestants on Deal or No Deal, unless he is wearing latex gloves.
/m/01ty7ll	Elizabeth Ruth \"Betty\" Grable was an American actress, dancer, and singer.\nGrable was celebrated for having the most beautiful legs in Hollywood and studio publicity widely dispersed photos featuring them. Her iconic bathing suit poster made her the number-one pin-up girl of the World War II era. It was later included in the Life magazine project \"100 Photographs that Changed the World\". Hosiery specialists of the era often noted the ideal proportions of her legs as thigh, calf, and ankle. Grable's legs were famously insured by her studio for $1,000,000 with Lloyds of London.\nGrable appeared in several smash-hit musical films in the 1940s, most notable: Mother Wore Tights in 1947, with frequent co-star Dan Dailey. She came to prominence in 1939 when she signed with Twentieth Century-Fox and signed on to appear opposite Ethel Merman in the Broadway musical Du Barry Was a Lady. But it was not until she was called back to Hollywood to replace Fox's musical queen, Alice Faye, in Down Argentine Way, that she became a household name. Throughout her career, Grable was typecast in her stereotype-musical film roles, and when her career faltered in the 1950s, she found it hard to reinvent herself as a serious, trained actress. In 1958 she appeared as herself on The Lucy-Desi Comedy Hour with then husband Harry James in an episode entitled \"Lucy Wins A Racehorse\".
/m/03nqnnk	Searching for Debra Winger is a 2002 American documentary film conceived and directed by Rosanna Arquette. It presents a series of interviews with leading actresses who discuss the various pressures they face as women working in the film industry while trying to juggle their professional commitments with their personal responsibilities to their families and themselves.
/m/05zvj3m	This is a following list of the MTV Movie Award winners and nominees for Best Comedic Performance. The award was not given in the 2013 ceremony.
/m/01w4dy	The goblet drum is a single head membranophone with a goblet shaped body used mostly in the Middle East, North Africa, and Eastern Europe. The African djembe-wassolou is also a goblet membranophone. This article focuses on the Eastern and North-African goblet drum.
/m/0557q	Musical theatre is a form of theatre that combines songs, spoken dialogue, acting, and dance. The story and emotional content of the piece – humor, pathos, love, anger – are communicated through the words, music, movement and technical aspects of the entertainment as an integrated whole. Although musical theatre overlaps with other theatrical forms like opera and dance, it may be distinguished by the equal importance given to the music as compared with the dialogue, movement and other elements of the works. Since the early 20th century, musical theatre stage works have generally been called, simply, musicals. Although music has been a part of dramatic presentations since ancient times, modern Western musical theatre emerged during the 19th century, culminating with the works of Gilbert and Sullivan in Britain and those of Harrigan and Hart in America. These were followed by the numerous Edwardian musical comedies and the musical theatre works of American creators like George M. Cohan...
/m/0bld8	Katowice is a city in Upper Silesia in southern Poland, on the Kłodnica and Rawa rivers. It is in the Silesian Highlands, about 50 km north of the Silesian Beskids and about 100 km southeast of the Sudetes Mountains. It is the central district of the Silesian Metropolis, a territorial entity operating on the principle of metropolitan municipality, with a population of 2 million.\nKatowice is the center of science, culture, industry, business, trade fair/exhibitions and transportation in the Upper Silesia region and southern Poland. It is the main city in the Upper Silesian Industrial Region. Katowice lies within an urban zone, with a population of 2,746,460 according to Eurostat, and also part of the wider Silesian metropolitan area, with a population of 5,294,000 according to the European Spatial Planning Observation Network. Today, Katowice is a rapidly growing city and emerging metropolis. It is the 16th economically powerful city by GDP in the European Union with an output amounting to $114.5 billion.\nKatowice has been the capital of the Silesian Voivodeship since its formation in 1999. Previously it was the capital of the Katowice Voivodeship, the Silesian Voivodeship, and the Province of Upper Silesia in Germany.
/m/06rq2l	Allen Stephen Covert is an American comedian, actor, writer, and producer best known for his frequent collaborations with actor Adam Sandler.
/m/02f5qb	The MTV Video Music Award for Video of the Year is the most prestigious and final award handed out at the yearly MTV Video Music Awards. It was first awarded in 1984 and presented to the The Cars for the video \"You Might Think\".\nThe only multiple winners of this award are Rihanna, with her wins for \"Umbrella\" in 2007 and \"We Found Love\" in 2012, as well as Eminem having won in 2000 for \"The Real Slim Shady\", and in 2002 for \"Without Me\". Eminem is also the most nominated act in this category, having been nominated six times.\nMadonna, meanwhile, is the most nominated female solo artist in this category, with nominations in 1989, 1990, 1998, and 2006 and a victory for \"Ray of Light\" in 1998, followed by Lady Gaga with single nominations in 2009 for 'Poker Face' and two nominations for 'Telephone' and 'Bad Romance' in 2010 with the latter won the award. Lady Gaga was also the first, and only female performer to have two Video Of The Year nominations in one night. Finally, U2 is the most nominated group in this category, with four nominated videos in three years and no wins.
/m/05xzcz	Saba Qom Football Club is an Iranian football team based in Qom, Iran and currently playing in Iran's Premier League football.\nThe team is a former part of Saba Battery Club, owned by Saba Battery Co., and was moved to Qom in 2007, although they were formerly registered as a team from Tehran playing at Shahid Derakhshan Stadium of Robat Karim.
/m/01b4x4	In finance, private equity is an asset class consisting of equity securities and debt in operating companies that are not publicly traded on a stock exchange.\nA private equity investment will generally be made by a private equity firm, a venture capital firm or an angel investor. Each of these categories of investor has its own set of goals, preferences and investment strategies; however, all provide working capital to a target company to nurture expansion, new-product development, or restructuring of the company’s operations, management, or ownership.\nBloomberg Businessweek has called private equity a rebranding of leveraged buyout firms after the 1980s. Among the most common investment strategies in private equity are: leveraged buyouts, venture capital, growth capital, distressed investments and mezzanine capital. In a typical leveraged buyout transaction, a private equity firm buys majority control of an existing or mature firm. This is distinct from a venture capital or growth capital investment, in which the investors invest in young, growing or emerging companies, and rarely obtain majority control.\nPrivate equity is also often grouped into a broader category called private capital, generally used to describe capital supporting any long-term, illiquid investment strategy.
/m/02b17t	Rochdale Association Football Club is an English professional football club based in Rochdale, Greater Manchester. They play their home matches at Spotland Stadium. Formed in 1907 and nicknamed the Dale, they were accepted into the Football League in 1921.\nThe club has spent 77 of its 85 League seasons to 2013 in the lowest tier, more than any other club. However it has avoided relegation to the Conference and has twice achieved promotion, in 1969 and 2010. Although the club have never won a competition since joining the League, they have the distinction of playing in the final of the League Cup in 1962, the first of only two teams from the lowest tier to have done so.
/m/0fhxv	Peter Brian Gabriel is an English singer-songwriter, musician and humanitarian activist who rose to fame as the lead vocalist and flautist of the progressive rock band Genesis. After leaving Genesis, Gabriel went on to a successful solo career. His 1986 album, So, is his most commercially successful, selling five million copies in America, and the album's biggest hit, \"Sledgehammer\", won a record nine MTV Awards at the 1987 MTV Video Music Awards. The song is the most played music video in the history of the station.\nGabriel co-founded the WOMAD festival in 1982. He has continued to focus on producing and promoting world music through his Real World Records label. He has also pioneered digital distribution methods for music, co-founding OD2, one of the first online music download services. Gabriel has been involved in numerous humanitarian efforts. In 1980, he released the anti-apartheid single \"Biko\". He participated in Amnesty International's Human Rights Now! tour in 1988 and co-founded the Witness human rights organization in 1992.\nGabriel has won numerous music awards throughout his career, including three Brit Awards—winning Best British Male in 1987, six Grammy Awards, thirteen MTV Video Music Awards, the first Pioneer Award at the BT Digital Music Awards, and in 2007 he was honoured as a BMI Icon at the 57th annual BMI London Awards for his \"influence on generations of music makers\". In recognition of his many years of human rights activism, he received the Man of Peace award from the Nobel Peace Prize Laureates in 2006, and in 2008, TIME magazine named Gabriel one of the 100 most influential people in the world. Gabriel was also awarded the Ivor Novello Award for Lifetime Achievement in 2007, and the Polar Music Prize in 2009.
/m/03_l8m	Lauren Ambrose is an American film, television, and stage actress.
/m/0r02m	Claremont is a college town on the eastern border of Los Angeles County, California, United States, 32.5 miles east of downtown Los Angeles. Claremont is an affluent city just nestled below the San Gabriel Mountains and very famous for the Claremont Colleges. The population, as of the 2010 census, is 34,926. Claremont is known for its many educational institutions, its tree-lined streets, and its historic buildings. In July 2007, it was rated by CNN/Money magazine as the fifth best place to live in the United States, and was the highest rated place in California on the list. Due to its large number of trees and residents with doctoral degrees, it is sometimes referred to as \"The City of Trees and PhDs\".\nThe city is primarily residential, with a significant portion of its commercial activity revolving around \"The Village\", a popular collection of street-front small stores, boutiques, art galleries, offices, and restaurants adjacent to and west of the Claremont Colleges. The Village was expanded in 2007, adding a controversial multi-use development that includes a cinema, a boutique hotel, retail space, offices, and a parking structure on the site of an old citrus packing plant just west of Indian Hill Boulevard. Some critics say that the expansion negatively altered the original, small-town feel of The Village.²
/m/0fm6m8	Union Sportive de Boulogne-sur-Mer Côte d'Opale is a French association football club based in the commune of Boulogne-sur-Mer. The club was founded in 1898 and currently plays in Championnat National, the third division of French football, having been relegated from Ligue 2 during the 2011–12 season.\nThe club was formed in 1898 and its achievements are minor with their biggest feat consisting of reaching the semi-finals during the 1936–37 edition of the Coupe de France. Boulogne play their home matches at the Stade de la Libération, which seats 15,004 having previously seated only 7,000 prior to its renovation in 2007.
/m/01vsksr	Bill Wyman is an English musician best known as the bassist for the English rock and roll band the Rolling Stones from 1962 until 1993. Since 1997, he has recorded and toured with his own band, Bill Wyman's Rhythm Kings. He has worked producing both records and film, and has scored music for film in movies and television.\nWyman has kept a journal since he was a child after World War II. It has been useful as an inspiration to him, as an author who has written seven books, which have sold two million copies. Wyman's love of art has additionally led to his proficiency in photography and his photographs have hung in galleries around the world. Wyman's lack of funds in his early years led him to create and build his own fretless bass guitar. He became an amateur archaeologist and enjoys relic hunting; The Times published a letter about his hobby. He designed and marketed a patented \"Bill Wyman signature metal detector\", which he has used to find relics in the English countryside dating back to the era of the Roman Empire. As a businessman he owns several establishments, including the famous Sticky Fingers Café, a rock-and-roll-themed bistro serving American cuisine, first opened in 1989 in the Kensington area of London, and, later, in two additional locations in Cambridge and Manchester.
/m/03nymk	American Dad! is an American adult animated sitcom created by Mike Barker, Matt Weitzman, and Seth MacFarlane for the \"Animation Domination\" lineup on Fox. American Dad! is the first television series to have its inception on Animation Domination. Though the series premiere aired on February 6, 2005, following Super Bowl XXXIX—separate from Animation Domination and the rest of the show's first season which both commenced on May 1, 2005.\nThe series focuses on an eccentric motley crew that is the Smith family and their three housemates: Father, husband, and breadwinner Stan Smith; his better half housewife, Francine Smith; their college-aged daughter, Hayley Smith; and their high-school-aged son, Steve Smith. Outside of the Smith family, there are three additional main characters, including Hayley's boyfriend turned husband, Jeff Fischer; the family's man-in-a-goldfish-body pet, Klaus; and most notably the family's zany alien, Roger, who is \"full of masquerades, brazenness, and shocking antics.\"\nCreative direction of American Dad! has largely been guided by Barker and Weitzman as opposed to MacFarlane. This is believed to have resulted in a series that is distinguishable from its counterparts. Unlike its sister shows, Family Guy and The Cleveland Show, American Dad! is not filled with intentional humor, such as through the use of repeated cutaway gags and other blatant joke-telling deliveries; rather its humor is subtler, focusing on the nuttiness and oddities of its characters and their circumstances. As opposed to joke references to every pop cultural target possible—a staple of MacFarlane's Family Guy material—Barker and Weitzman have structured American Dad! so as to center on a bizarre concept in combination with an everyday-life human story that grounds it. While the core issues and resolutions are relatable in most episodes, the execution tends to enter into wild and crazy extremes, thus an observational comedy/farce. As absurd as the show gets, there is typically a family story with cozy elements behind it.
/m/02b17f	Oxford United Football Club is an English association football club based in Oxford, Oxfordshire. The club currently plays in League Two, first entering the Football League in 1962. The chairman is Ian Lenagan and the first team is managed by caretaker manager Mickey Lewis. The team captain is Jake Wright and the vice-captain is Andrew Whing.\nFounded in 1893 as Headington United, Oxford United adopted their current name in 1960. They joined the Football League in 1962 after winning the Southern Football League, reaching the Second Division in 1968. After relegation in 1976, between 1984 and 1986 the club earned successive promotions into the First Division, and won the League Cup in 1986. Oxford was unable to enter the 1987 UEFA Cup because of the UEFA ban on English clubs in European competitions. Relegation from the top flight in 1988 began an 18-year decline which saw the club relegated to the Conference in 2006. This was the first time in the history of English football that a team that had won a major trophy was relegated from the Football League. After four seasons, Oxford was promoted to League Two in 2010 after a 3–1 win over York City in the Conference National play-off Final at Wembley Stadium.
/m/01k23t	Ann \"Annie\" Lennox, OBE is a Scottish singer-songwriter, political activist and philanthropist. After achieving moderate success in the late 1970s as part of the New Wave band The Tourists, she and fellow musician David A. Stewart went on to achieve major international success in the 1980s as Eurythmics, with the 1983 hit single \"Sweet Dreams\" their commercial breakthrough. Lennox is the most recognised female artist at the Brit Awards, winning a total of eight awards. She has also been named the \"Brits Champion of Champions\".\nLennox embarked on a solo career in 1992 with her debut album, Diva, which produced several hit singles including \"Why\" and \"Walking on Broken Glass\". To date, she has released five solo studio albums and a compilation album, The Annie Lennox Collection. Aside from her eight Brit Awards, she has also collected four Grammy Awards and an MTV Video Music Award. In 2002, Lennox received a Billboard Century Award; the highest accolade from Billboard Magazine. In 2004, she won both the Golden Globe and the Academy Award for Best Original Song for \"Into the West\", written for the soundtrack to the feature film The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King.
/m/01hmb_	Vincent Philip D'Onofrio is an American actor, director, film producer, writer, and singer. An accomplished character actor, he has been referred to as \"The Human Chameleon\" and is often referred to as an actor's actor. He is known for his roles as Private Leonard Lawrence in the war film Full Metal Jacket, \"Edgar\" in Men in Black and Detective Robert Goren in the crime TV series Law & Order: Criminal Intent.
/m/018d5b	Saskatoon is a city in central Saskatchewan, Canada, on the South Saskatchewan River. Residents of the city of Saskatoon are called Saskatonians. The city is surrounded by the Rural Municipality of Corman Park No. 344. As of the 2011 Census it is the largest city in the province with a city population of 222,189 and a metropolitan area population of 260,600.
/m/02f4z	A director's cut is a specially edited version of a film, and less often TV series, music video, commercials, comic book or video games, that is supposed to represent the director's own approved edit. 'Cut' explicitly refers to the process of film editing: the director's cut is preceded by the rough editor's cut and followed by the final cut meant for the public film release.\nDirector's cuts of film are not generally released to the public: with most film studios the director does not have a final cut privilege. The studio can insist on changes that they think will make the film profit more at the box office. This sometimes means a happier ending or less ambiguity, or excluding scenes that would earn a more audience-restricting rating, but more often means that the film is simply shortened to provide more screenings per day. The most common form of director's cut is therefore to have extra scenes added, often making the \"new\" film considerably longer than the \"original\".
/m/03s6l2	Confessions of a Dangerous Mind is a 2002 biographical spy film depicting the life of popular game show host and producer Chuck Barris, who claimed to have also been an assassin for the Central Intelligence Agency. The film was directed by George Clooney in his feature film directorial debut. It was written by Charlie Kaufman, and starred Sam Rockwell, Julia Roberts, Drew Barrymore, and Clooney.\nColumbia Pictures had planned to produce a film adaptation of Barris's memoir of the same name in the late 1980s. When the film rights were purchased by producer Andrew Lazar, Charlie Kaufman was commissioned to write a new script, which attracted various A-list actors and filmmakers to the project. Bryan Singer at one point planned to direct the film with Johnny Depp in the lead role, but the production was canceled. The production resumed when Clooney took over directing duties.\nBarris remained heavily involved in production in an attempt to portray the film from his point of view. To accommodate the $30 million budget, Clooney convinced actresses Drew Barrymore and Julia Roberts to lower their asking prices. Confessions of a Dangerous Mind was released with respectful reviews from critics but bombed at the box office. Rockwell, in particular, was praised for his acting and won the Silver Bear for Best Actor at the 2003 Berlin International Film Festival.
/m/02hhtj	Wilmer Eduardo Valderrama is an American actor and television personality, known for the role of Fez in the sitcom That '70s Show, hosting the MTV series Yo Momma, and voicing the character of Manny in the children's show Handy Manny.\nHe most recently guest starred on Wizards of Waverly Place and starred as Detective Efrem Vega in the 2012 NBC series Awake.
/m/0179q0	Richmond is a coastal city incorporated in the Canadian province of British Columbia. Part of the Metro Vancouver area, as of 2013 it is the fourth-most populous city in the province. Richmond has an immigrant population of 60%, the highest in Canada. Richmond is the location of Vancouver International Airport and was the site of the speed-skating events during the 2010 Winter Olympics.\nRichmond is located on Lulu Island at the mouth of the Fraser River, and also encompasses adjacent Sea Island and some smaller uninhabited islets to the north and south. Neighbouring communities are Vancouver and Burnaby to the north, New Westminster to the east, and Delta to the south. The Strait of Georgia forms its western border.
/m/0m593	Jack Leonard \"J. L.\" Warner, born Jacob Warner in London, Ontario, was a Canadian-born American film executive who was the president and driving force behind the Warner Bros. Studios in Hollywood, Los Angeles, California. Warner's career spanned some forty-five years, its duration surpassing that of any other of the seminal Hollywood studio moguls.\nAs co-head of production at Warner Bros. Studios, he worked with his brother, Sam Warner, to procure the technology for the film industry's first talking picture. After Sam's death, Jack clashed with his surviving older brothers, Harry and Albert Warner. He assumed exclusive control of the film production company in the 1950s, when he secretly purchased his brothers' shares in the business after convincing them to participate in a joint sale of stocks.\nAlthough Warner was feared by many of his employees and inspired ridicule with his uneven attempts at humor, he earned respect for his shrewd instincts and tough-mindedness. He recruited many of Warner Bros.'s top stars and promoted the hard-edged social dramas for which the studio became known. Given to decisiveness, Warner once commented, \"If I'm right fifty-one percent of the time, I'm ahead of the game.\"
/m/07gknc	Brian Drummond is a Canadian voice and former stage actor. He formerly served on the board of directors for the New Westminster-based Urban Academy along with his wife, Laura Drummond, also a voice artist.
/m/071dcs	Louis Scheimer was an American producer, one of the original founders of Filmation, an animation company, and also credited as an executive producer of many of its cartoons.
/m/0m_sb	The Northern line is a London Underground line, coloured black on the Tube map.\nFor most of its length it is a deep-level tube line. There were about 252,310,000 passenger journeys in 2011/12 on the Northern line, making it the second busiest line on the Underground. It is unique in having two different routes through central London – the Charing Cross branch, serving the central part of zone 1, and the Bank branch, serving the eastern part of that zone. Despite its name, it does not serve the northernmost stations on the network, though it does serve the southernmost station, as well as 16 of the system's 29 stations south of the River Thames. There are 50 stations on the line, 36 of them below ground.\nThe line has a complicated history, and the current complex arrangement of two northern branches, two central branches and the southern branch reflects its genesis as three separate railway companies, combined in the 1920s and 1930s. An extension in the 1920s used a route originally planned by a fourth company. Abandoned plans from the 1920s, to extend the line further southwards, and then northwards in the 1930s, would have incorporated parts of the routes of two further companies. From the 1930s to the 1970s, the tracks of a seventh company were also managed as a branch of the Northern line. An extension from Kennington to Battersea is now planned, which will give the line a second southern branch to go with its two northern and central branches.
/m/09hrc	Saxony-Anhalt is a landlocked federal state of Germany surrounded by the federal states of Lower Saxony, Brandenburg, Saxony and Thuringia. Its capital is Magdeburg.\nSaxony-Anhalt covers an area of 20,447.7 square kilometres. It has a population of 2.34 million.
/m/04z_x4v	Boris Leven was a Russian-born Academy Award-winning art director and production designer whose Hollywood career spanned fifty-three years.\nBorn in Moscow, Leven emigrated to the United States in 1927 and became a naturalized citizen in 1938. After receiving a Bachelor of Arts in architecture from the University of Southern California, he attended the Beaux-Arts Institute of Design in New York City.\nLeven began his film career as a sketch artist at Paramount Pictures in 1933 and moved to 20th Century Fox three years later. His first screen credit was as the art director for Alexander's Ragtime Band, which garnered him the first of nine Oscar nominations.\nThe designs Leven created over the years ranged from realistic to highly stylistic. For Giant, he constructed the Victorian home that sits isolated in a wide expanse of open field, which became an iconic image for the film. His work for West Side Story, which won him the Academy Award for Best Color Art Direction, included actual New York City locations combined with a tenement rooftop and fire escape, inspired by the more abstract stage production, that were built on a soundstage. For New York, New York, he created a fantasized version of Manhattan set in the 1940s.
/m/0lpfh	Lima is the capital and the largest city of Peru. It is located in the valleys of the Chillón, Rímac and Lurín rivers, in the central coastal part of the country, overlooking the Pacific Ocean. Together with the seaport of Callao, it forms a contiguous urban area known as the Lima Metropolitan Area. With a population approaching 9 million, Lima is the most populous metropolitan area of Peru, and the fifth largest city in the Americas.\nLima was founded by Spanish conquistador Francisco Pizarro on January 18, 1535, as Ciudad de los Reyes. It became the capital and most important city in the Spanish Viceroyalty of Peru. Following the Peruvian War of Independence, it became the capital of the Republic of Peru. Today, around one-third of the Peruvian population lives in the metropolitan area.\nLima is home to one of the oldest higher learning institutions in the New World. The National University of San Marcos, founded on May 12, 1551 during Spanish colonial regime, is the oldest continuously functioning university in the Americas.\nIn October 2013, Lima was chosen in a ceremony in Toronto to host the 2019 Pan American Games, winning with an enormous advantage over the other two finalist cities.
/m/09f5pp	Robert David Hamman is an American professional bridge player, among the greatest players of all time,\nHamman and Bobby Wolff played as partners for nearly three decades on teams that challenged for major trophies in North America and often for world championships. Representing the United States they won eight world championships for national teams, the 1988 World Team Olympiad and seven Bermuda Bowls spanning 1970 to 1995. For the last they were members of Nick Nickell's professional team, where Hamman remained a fixture through the current two-year cycle and won three more Bermuda Bowls in partnership with Paul Soloway and Zia Mahmood.\nBeginning 2012/2013, Nickell has replaced Bobby Hamman and Zia Mahmood with Bobby Levin–Steve Weinstein. A new pairing for Hamman with Bart Bramley was announced in July but never secured, according to a November report that Hamman will play with Justin Lall. Justin was a silver medalist in the 2011 Bermuda Bowl and is the son of Hemant Lall, Hamman's partner in 2007.
/m/0l2jb	Mariposa County is a county in the U.S. state of California, located in the western foothills of the Sierra Nevada mountains. It lies north of Fresno, east of Merced, and southeast of Stockton. As of the 2010 census, the population was 18,251 up from 17,130 at the 2000 census. The county seat is Mariposa.\nThe county's eastern section is the central portion of Yosemite National Park.\nThere are no incorporated cities in Mariposa County; however, there are communities recognized as census-designated places for statistical purposes. It also has the distinction of having no permanent traffic lights anywhere in the county.
/m/02245	The Communist Party of the Soviet Union was the only legal, ruling political party in the Soviet Union and one of the largest communist organizations in the world. The party was constitutionally recognised as the leading and guiding force of Soviet society and the nucleus of its political system and public organisations. It lost its legal dominion in the wake of the failure of the 1991 August putsch.\nThe Communist Party of the Soviet Union emerged from the Majority faction of the Russian Social Democratic Labour Party, under the leadership of Vladimir Lenin. After the February Revolution of 1917, the Bolsheviks pushed for socialist revolution and the overthrow of the Provisional Government. On 7 November, the Bolsheviks orchestrated the October Revolution which overthrew the Provisional Government, thus transferring all governing power to the workers' councils. Immediately thereafter, the Bolsheviks founded the Russian Socialist Federative Soviet Republic - the world's first constitutionally socialist state. After a bloody civil war, at the end of 1922 the Bolsheviks emerged victorious and unified territories of the former Russian Empire into the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics.
/m/02qx5h	George Segal is an American film, stage, and television actor, who became popular in the 1960s and 1970s for playing an array of dramatic and comedy roles. Some of his most acclaimed roles are in films such as A Touch of Class, Blume in Love, California Split, and Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?, for which he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor. More recently, Segal has had regular roles on popular sitcoms such as Just Shoot Me! and The Goldbergs.
/m/033cw	Frederik George Pohl, Jr. was an American science fiction writer, editor and fan, with a career spanning more than seventy-five years—from his first published work, the 1937 poem \"Elegy to a Dead Satellite: Luna\", to the 2011 novel All the Lives He Led and articles and essays published in 2012.\nFrom about 1959 until 1969, Pohl edited Galaxy and its sister magazine If; the latter won three successive annual Hugo Awards as the year's best professional magazine. His 1977 novel Gateway won four \"year's best novel\" awards: the Hugo voted by convention participants, the Locus voted by magazine subscribers, the Nebula voted by American science fiction writers, and the juried academic John W. Campbell Memorial Award. He won the Campbell Memorial Award again for the 1984 collection of novellas Years of the City, one of two repeat winners during the first forty years. For his 1979 novel Jem, Pohl won a U.S. National Book Award in the one-year category Science Fiction. It was a finalist for three other years' best novel awards. He won four Hugo and three Nebula Awards.\nThe Science Fiction Writers of America named Pohl its 12th recipient of the Damon Knight Memorial Grand Master Award in 1993 and he was inducted by the Science Fiction and Fantasy Hall of Fame in 1998, its third class of two dead and two living writers.
/m/01z5tr	Debra Lynn Messing is an American actress. She is known for her television roles in Will & Grace, The Starter Wife and Smash.\nFollowing her graduation from New York University's Tisch School of the Arts, Messing had short-lived tenures on the Fox sitcom Ned & Stacey and the ABC sci-fi Prey. She rose to prominence in her role as Grace Adler on the NBC sitcom Will & Grace, earning both commercial and critical success throughout the series' eight season run. She also received critical acclaim for her work as Molly Kagan in the USA Network series The Starter Wife. She also played the lead role of Julia Houston in the musical-drama series Smash, before it was cancelled by NBC after two seasons.\nHer film roles have included an unfaithful bride in Along Came Polly, followed by a more sympathetic role in The Wedding Date, and then Nothing Like the Holidays. She has also voiced roles in several animated films such as Garfield and Open Season.\nThroughout her career she has been nominated for a total of six Emmy Awards, eight Golden Globe Awards and eight Screen Actors Guild Award. In 2003 she won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series for her performance on Will & Grace.
/m/029t1	Delft is a city and municipality in the province of South Holland, in the Netherlands. Delft is located between the larger cities of Rotterdam and The Hague. Delft is primarily known for its historic town centre with canals; also for the painter Vermeer, Delft Blue pottery, the Delft University of Technology, and its association with the Dutch royal family, the House of Orange-Nassau.
/m/0c_mvb	Jules Bass is an American director, producer, composer, and author. Until 1960, he worked at a New York advertising agency, and then co-founded a film production company in New York. He joined ASCAP in 1963 and collaborated musically with Edward Thomas and James Polack.
/m/03hltjb	Anthony B. Richmond BSC, ASC is an English cinematographer.\nRichmond was married to actress Jaclyn Smith from 1981 to 1989. This marriage led eventually to work in Hollywood. Richmond remarried Film Producer Amanda DiGiulio in 1995. Richmond is a member of the American and British Societies of Cinematographers.
/m/042kbj	Samuel Grosvenor \"Sam\" Wood was an American film director, and producer, who was best known for directing such Hollywood hits as A Night at the Opera, A Day at the Races, Goodbye, Mr. Chips, and The Pride of the Yankees. He was also involved in a few acting and writing projects.
/m/09qh1	Cary Grant was an English stage and Hollywood film actor who became an American citizen in 1942. Known for his transatlantic accent, debonair demeanor and \"dashing good looks\", Grant is considered one of classic Hollywood's definitive leading men.\nGrant was named the second Greatest Male Star of All Time by the American Film Institute. He was known for both comedic and dramatic roles; his best-known films include The Awful Truth, Bringing Up Baby, Gunga Din, The Philadelphia Story, His Girl Friday, Suspicion, Arsenic and Old Lace, Notorious, The Bishop's Wife, To Catch a Thief, An Affair to Remember, North by Northwest, and Charade.\nNominated twice for the Academy Award for Best Actor and five times for a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor, Grant was continually passed over. In 1970, he was presented an Honorary Oscar at the 42nd Academy Awards by Frank Sinatra \"for his unique mastery of the art of screen acting with the respect and affection of his colleagues\".
/m/07h565	Jacob Vargas is a Mexican actor.
/m/027c924	An incomplete list of the winners of the National Board of Review Award for Best Director made by the National Board of Review of Motion Pictures:
/m/04v3q	Malta is a southern European country in the Mediterranean Sea. It lies 80 km south of Sicily, 284 km east of Tunisia and 333 km north of Libya. The country covers just over 316 km², making it one of the world's smallest and most densely populated countries. The capital of Malta is Valletta, which is also the smallest capital in the EU at 0.8 km². Malta has two official languages: Maltese and English.\nMalta's location as a naval base has given it great strategic importance throughout history, and a succession of powers including the Phoenicians, Romans, Moorish, Normans, Aragonese, Habsburg Spain, Knights of St. John, French and the British have ruled the islands. Malta gained independence from the United Kingdom in 1964 and became a republic in 1974. Malta was admitted to the United Nations in 1964 and to the European Union in 2004; in 2008, it became part of the eurozone.\nMalta has a long Christian legacy and is an Apostolic see. According to the Acts of the Apostles, St. Paul was shipwrecked on Malta. Catholicism is the official religion in Malta.\nMalta is a favoured tourist destination with its warm climate, numerous recreational areas, and architectural and historical monuments, including nine UNESCO World Heritage Sites: Hal Saflieni Hypogeum, Valletta and seven Megalithic Temples which are some of the oldest free-standing structures in the world.
/m/01qwb5	Tuskegee University is a Private, Historically Black University located in Tuskegee, Alabama, USA; established by Booker T. Washington. The campus has been designated as the Tuskegee Institute National Historic Site, a National Historic Landmark. Tuskegee University's campus is the only school in the United States to hold this distinction. Tuskegee University is home to over 3,100 students from the U.S. & 30 foreign countries. Tuskegee University is ranked among the 2014 Best 378 Colleges & Universities by the Princeton Review & 5th among the 2014 U.S. News & World Report Best HBCU's. Tuskegee University is conveniently located approximately 1 hour 45 mins drive from Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport, the world's busiest airport.\nTuskegee University is home to the Tuskegee Airmen, Scientist George Washington Carver & Architect Robert R. Taylor. Distinguished Alumni include Academy Award & Grammy winner Lionel Richie, Olympic Gold Medalist Alice Coachman, Congressman Alexander N. Green, Four Star General Daniel \"Chappie\" James Jr., Radio Host Tom Joyner, National Book Award Winner Ralph Ellison & Super Soaker Inventor Lonnie Johnson.
/m/03lpp_	The Washington Nationals are a professional baseball team based in Washington, D.C. The Nationals are a member of the East Division of the National League of Major League Baseball. From 2005 to 2007 the team played in RFK Stadium; since 2008 their home stadium has been Nationals Park, located on South Capitol Street in Southeast D.C., near the Anacostia River.\nThe Nationals' name derives from the former Washington baseball team that had the same name. Their nickname is \"the Nats\"—a shortened version that was also used by the old D.C. teams.\nAn expansion franchise, the club was founded in 1969 as the Montreal Expos, the first major league team in Canada. They were based in Montreal, Quebec, and played their home games at Jarry Park Stadium and later in Olympic Stadium. During the strike-shortened 1981 season, the Expos won a division championship and made their only post-season appearance as a Montreal franchise, defeating the Philadelphia Phillies, 3–2, in the National League Division Series, but losing to the Los Angeles Dodgers, 3–2, in the National League Championship Series.\nThe club had its highest winning percentage in the strike-shortened season of 1994, when the team had the best record in baseball. The team's subsequent shedding of players caused fan interest to drop off, and after the 2001 season, MLB considered revoking the team's franchise, along with either the Minnesota Twins or the Tampa Bay Devil Rays. After being purchased by MLB in 2002, the team was moved before the 2005 season to Washington and renamed the Nationals, the first relocation since the second Washington Senators moved to Arlington, Texas, and became the Texas Rangers in 1972.
/m/04y6_qr	The 2009 NFL season was the 90th regular season of the National Football League.\nThe preseason started with the Pro Football Hall of Fame Game on August 9, 2009, and the regular season began September 10. The season ended with Super Bowl XLIV, the league's championship game, on February 7, 2010 at Sun Life Stadium with the New Orleans Saints defeating the Indianapolis Colts 31–17. in Miami Gardens, Florida.
/m/017f3m	Law & Order is an American police procedural and legal drama television series, created by Dick Wolf and part of the Law & Order franchise. It originally aired on NBC and, in syndication, on various cable networks. Law & Order premiered on September 13, 1990, and completed its 20th and final season on May 24, 2010. At the time of its cancellation, Law & Order was the longest-running crime drama on American primetime television. Its record of 20 seasons is a tie with Gunsmoke for the longest-running live-action scripted American prime-time series with ongoing characters, although it had fewer episodes than Gunsmoke, and both series are surpassed by the animated series The Simpsons.\nSet and filmed in New York City, the series follows a two-part approach: The first half hour is the investigation of a crime and apprehension of a suspect by New York City Police Department homicide detectives; the second half is the prosecution of the defendant by the New York County Manhattan District Attorney's Office. Plots are often based on real cases that recently made headlines, although the motivation for the crime and the perpetrator may be different.
/m/05r3qc	Space Cowboys is a 2000 space drama film directed and produced by Clint Eastwood. It stars Eastwood, Tommy Lee Jones, Donald Sutherland, and James Garner as four older \"ex-test pilots\" who are sent into space to repair an old Soviet satellite, unaware that it is armed with nuclear missiles.
/m/05lf_	October is the tenth month of the year in the Julian and Gregorian Calendars and one of seven months with a length of 31 days. The eighth month in the old Roman calendar, October retained its name after January and February were inserted into the calendar that had originally been created by the Romans.\nOctober is commonly associated with the season of autumn in the Northern hemisphere and spring in the Southern hemisphere, where it is the seasonal equivalent to April in the Northern hemisphere and vice versa. It is also very commonly associated with Halloween in western world.\nIn common years January starts on the same day of the week as October, but no other month starts on the same day of the week as October in leap years. October ends on the same day of the week as February every year and January in common years only. In common years, October starts on the same day of the week as May of the previous year while in leap years, October starts on the same day of the week as August of the previous year. In common years, October ends on the same day of the week as May of the previous year while in leap years, October ends on the same day of the week as August and November of the previous year. In years immediately before common years, October starts on the same day as April and July of the following year while in years immediately before leap years, October starts on the same day of the week as September and December of the following year. In years immediately before common years, October ends on the same day of the week as July of the following year while years immediately before leap years, October ends on the same day of the week as April and December of the following year.
/m/047n8xt	Bright Star is a 2009 film based on the last three years of the life of poet John Keats and his romantic relationship with Fanny Brawne. It stars Ben Whishaw as Keats and Abbie Cornish as Fanny. A British/Australian co-production, it was directed by Jane Campion, who wrote the screenplay and was inspired by the biography of Keats by Andrew Motion, who served as a script consultant on the film. The film competed in the main competition at the 62nd Cannes Film Festival, and was first shown to the public on 15 May 2009. The film's title is a reference to a sonnet by Keats named \"Bright star, would I were stedfast as thou art\", which he wrote while he was with Brawne.
/m/039b7_	New Orleans–Metairie-Kenner Metropolitan Statistical Area, or the Greater New Orleans Region is a metropolitan area designated by the United States Census encompassing eight parishes in the state of Louisiana, centering on the city of New Orleans. As of the April 1, 2012 estimate, the metropolitan statistical area had a population of 1,227,096. The New Orleans-Metairie-Hammond combined statistical area, a ten-parish area, had a population of 1,452,502. The metropolitan area was hit by Hurricane Katrina – once a Category 5 but a Category 3 storm at landfall – in August 2005. Within the city of New Orleans proper, multiple breaches and structural failures occurred in the system of levees and floodwalls designed under federal government auspices. The resulting decline in the city's population negatively impacted population numbers for the entire metro area, for which a population of 1.3 million was recorded in the 2000 Census. Most of the decline in population is accounted for by the decline in population experienced in the city of New Orleans proper; the Census Bureau estimates that the city's population dropped from 453,728 prior to the storm to 369,250 at the most recent estimate for 2012.
/m/0gkd1	The Mellotron is an electro-mechanical, polyphonic tape replay keyboard originally developed and built in Birmingham, England, in 1963. It evolved from a similar instrument, the Chamberlin, but could be mass-produced more effectively. The instrument works by pulling a section of magnetic tape across a head. Different portions of the tape can be played to access different sounds.\nThe original models were designed to be used in the home, and contained a variety of sounds, including automatic accompaniments. The bandleader Eric Robinson and television personality David Nixon were heavily involved in the instrument's original publicity. A number of other celebrities such as Princess Margaret were early adopters.\nThe Mellotron became more popular after The Beatles used it on several tracks. It was subsequently adopted by The Moody Blues and King Crimson, and became a notable instrument in progressive rock. Later models such as the M400, the best selling model, dispensed with the accompaniments and some sound selection controls in order to be used by touring musicians. The instrument became less popular in the 1980s due to the introduction of polyphonic synthesizers and samplers, despite a number of high profile uses from Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark and XTC.
/m/03vtfp	V2 Records is a record label that was purchased by Universal Music Group in 2007 and by PIAS Recordings in 2013.
/m/01rly6	Blackburn Rovers Football Club is an English professional association football club based in the town of Blackburn, Lancashire. The team competes in the Football League Championship from the 2012–13 season. They were relegated from the Premier League, the top tier of English football, at the end of the 2011–12 season. The club are currently managed by Gary Bowyer after previous manager Michael Appleton was dismissed on 19 March 2013. Appleton was the third manager to have lost his job in 6 months after Steve Kean and Henning Berg.\nThe club was established in 1875, becoming a founding member of The Football League in 1888. It is one of only three clubs to have been both a founder member of the Football League and the Premier League. In 1890 Rovers moved to its permanent home at Ewood Park. Prior to the formation of the Premier League in 1992, most of the club's successes were before 1930, when it had gained league and FA Cup trophies on several occasions. Relegation in 1965–66 was followed by 26 successive seasons of football outside the top flight.\nIn 1992, Blackburn gained promotion to the new Premier League a year after being taken over by local steel baron Jack Walker, who installed Kenny Dalglish as manager. In 1995, Blackburn became Premier League champions, having spent millions of pounds on players like Alan Shearer and Chris Sutton. However, the title-winning team was quickly split up and, in the 1998–99 season, the club was relegated. It was promoted back to the Premier League two years later, in the 2000–01 season, just after Walker's death. During this time it has qualified for the UEFA Cup four times: once as League Cup winners, twice as the Premier League's sixth-placed team and once via the Intertoto Cup. The 2009–10 season marked the club's 72nd non-consecutive year in the top flight. Blackburn are currently one of only five clubs to have won the Premier League, along with Arsenal, Chelsea, Manchester United, and Manchester City.
/m/09qc1	Michelangelo Antonioni, Cavaliere di Gran Croce OMRI, was an Italian film director, screenwriter, editor, and short story writer. Best known for his \"trilogy on modernity and its discontents\"—L'Avventura, La Notte, and Eclipse —Antonioni \"redefined the concept of narrative cinema\" and challenged traditional approaches to storytelling, realism, drama, and the world at large. He produced \"enigmatic and intricate mood pieces\" and rejected action in favor of contemplation, focusing on image and design over character and story. His films defined a \"cinema of possibilities\".\nAntonioni received numerous awards and nominations throughout his career, including the Cannes Film Festival Jury Prize, Palme d'Or, and 35th Anniversary Prize; the Venice Film Festival Silver Lion, Golden Lion, FIPRESCI Prize, and Pietro Bianchi Award; the Italian National Syndicate of Film Journalists Silver Ribbon eight times; and an honorary Academy Award in 1995.
/m/01bk1y	Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, or RPI, is a private research university located in Troy, New York, with two additional campuses in Hartford and Groton, Connecticut. It was founded in 1824 by Stephen van Rensselaer and Amos Eaton for the \"application of science to the common purposes of life\" and is the oldest technological university in the English-speaking world. Built on a hillside, RPI's 275-acre campus overlooks the city of Troy and the Hudson River and is a blend of traditional and modern architecture. The institute operates an on‑campus business incubator and the 1,250-acre Rensselaer Technology Park, and is known for its success in the transfer of technology from the laboratory to the marketplace.\nRensselaer is organized into six main schools within which there are thirty-seven departments: the School of Architecture; School of Engineering; School of Humanities, Arts, and Social Sciences; School of Information Technology and Web Science; School of Science; and the Lally School of Management & Technology. The university offers around one hundred forty degree programs in sixty fields leading to bachelor's, master's, and doctorate degrees. RPI consistently ranks among the top-fifty among U.S. universities for overall academics and among the top-fifty worldwide for technology.
/m/038_0z	The Pakistan cricket team is the national cricket team of Pakistan. Represented by the Pakistan Cricket Board, the team is a full member of the International Cricket Council, and participates in Test, ODI and Twenty20 International cricket matches. Currently Pakistan is ranked fourth as per the ICC Test rankings. Pakistan have played 812 ODIs, winning 434, losing 353, tying 8 and with 17 ending in no-result. Pakistan were the 1992 World Cup champions, and also came runners-up in the 1999 tournament and are the current Asian Champions. Pakistan, in conjunction with other countries in South Asia, have hosted the 1987 and 1996 World Cups, with the 1996 final being hosted at Gaddafi Stadium in Lahore. The team has also played 78 Twenty20 Internationals, the most of any team, winning 47 losing 29 and tying 2. Pakistan won the 2009 ICC World Twenty20 and came runners-up in the inaugural tournament in 2007. They are the sole winners of the Asian Test Championship of 1999.\nPakistan have played 380 Test matches, with winning 118, losing 107 and drawing 155. The team has the 3rd-best win/loss ratio in Test cricket of 1.10, and the 5th-best overall win percentage of 31.05%. Pakistan was given Test status on 28 July 1952, following a recommendation by India, and made its Test debut against India at Feroz Shah Kotla Ground, Delhi, in October 1952, with India winning by an innings and 70 runs. In the 1950s, several Pakistani Test players had played Test cricket for the Indian cricket team before the creation of Pakistan in 1947.
/m/031n8c	The New England Conservatory of Music in Boston, Massachusetts, is the oldest independent school of music in the United States.\nThe conservatory, located on Huntington Avenue of the Arts near Boston Symphony Hall, is home each year to 750 students pursuing undergraduate and graduate studies along with 1400 more in its Preparatory School as well as the School of Continuing Education. At the collegiate level, NEC offers the Bachelor of Music, Master of Music, and Doctor of Musical Arts, as well as the Undergraduate Diploma, Graduate Diploma, and Artist Diploma. Also offered are five-year joint double-degree programs with Harvard University and Tufts University.\nNEC is the only music school in the United States designated as a National Historic Landmark. Its primary concert hall, Jordan Hall, hosts approximately 600 concerts each year.
/m/06q02g	Heracles Almelo is a football club from Almelo, Netherlands.\nAlmelo were founded on May 3, 1903 as Heracles, after the demigod son of Zeus. They changed their name on July 1, 1974 to SC Heracles '74 and finally settled on the current name in 1998. The club has won the Dutch national title twice, in 1927 and 1941. One of the club's most famous players was South African Steve Mokone, nicknamed The Black Meteor, the first black football player in the Netherlands ever.\nIn the 2004/05 season, Heracles won the title in the Eerste Divisie, so that during the 2005/06 season, Heracles played in the Eredivisie, where they finished 13th. The average attendance in 2004/05 was 5,700 people. In the recent top flight seasons this has risen to just over 8,300.\nIn 2012 Heracles competed in its first Dutch cup final, which it has lost to PSV in De Kuip.
/m/0166v	Botswana, officially the Republic of Botswana, is a landlocked country located in Southern Africa. The citizens refer to themselves as \"Batswana\". Formerly the British protectorate of Bechuanaland, Botswana adopted its new name after becoming independent within the Commonwealth on 30 September 1966. It has held uninterrupted democratic elections since independence.\nBotswana is flat, and up to 70% is covered by the Kalahari Desert. It is bordered by South Africa to the south and southeast, Namibia to the west and north, and Zimbabwe to the northeast. Its border with Zambia to the north near Kazungula, Zambia, is poorly defined but at most is a few hundred metres long.\nA mid-sized country of just over two million people, Botswana is one of the most sparsely populated countries in the world. Botswana was one of the poorest countries in Africa when it gained independence from the United Kingdom in 1966, with a GDP per capita of about US$70 per year. Botswana has since transformed itself, becoming one of the fastest-growing economies in the world with a GDP per capita of about $14,000 per year, and a high gross national income, possibly the fourth-largest in Africa, giving the country a modest standard of living. The country, being a member of the African Union, also has a strong tradition as a representative democracy and has the second highest Human Development Index of continental Sub-Saharan African countries.
/m/04t38b	Irwin Winkler is an American film producer and director. He is the producer or director of 50 major motion pictures, dating back to 1967's Double Trouble, starring Elvis Presley. The fourth film he produced, They Shoot Horses, Don't They?, starring Jane Fonda, was nominated for nine Academy Awards. In 1976, he won an Oscar for Best Picture for Rocky. As a producer, he has been nominated for Best Picture for three other films: Raging Bull, The Right Stuff, and Goodfellas.
/m/05p5nc	Frances Conroy is an American actress. She is best known for playing Ruth Fisher on the television series Six Feet Under. Her work on the show won her acclaim and several awards, including a Golden Globe and three Screen Actors Guild Awards. She is also known for playing Moira O'Hara on the television anthology series American Horror Story, which garnered Conroy her first Saturn Award for Best Supporting Actress on Television nomination, and as well an Emmy nomination for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Miniseries or a Movie. Conroy subsequently portrayed The Angel of Death and Myrtle Snow on the next two seasons of the show, Asylum and Coven, respectively.
/m/09b0xs	Tom Ruegger is an American animation writer, producer, and director.
/m/09qvc0	This is a list of winners of the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actor in a Comedy Series.
/m/04gvt5	Tuesday Weld is an American actress. She began acting as a child, and progressed to mature roles in the late 1950s. She won a Golden Globe Award for Most Promising Female Newcomer in 1960. Over the following decade she established a career playing dramatic roles in films.\nAs a featured performer in supporting roles, her work was acknowledged with nominations for a Golden Globe Award for Play It As It Lays, a nomination for Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for Looking for Mr. Goodbar, an Emmy Award for The Winter of Our Discontent, and a BAFTA for Once Upon a Time in America. Since the late 1980s, her acting appearances have been infrequent.
/m/03xsby	Lions Gate Entertainment Corporation is a North American entertainment company. The company was formed in Vancouver, British Columbia, on July 3, 1997, and is headquartered in Santa Monica, California. As of November 2013, it is the most commercially successful independent film and television distribution company in North America and the seventh most profitable movie studio.Lionsgate Films is not to be confused with Robert Altman's former company, \"Lion's Gate Films\".
/m/014w_8	Sepsis is a potentially fatal whole-body inflammation caused by severe infection. Sepsis can continue even after the infection that caused it is gone. Severe sepsis is sepsis complicated by organ dysfunction. Septic shock is sepsis complicated by a high lactate level or by shock that does not improve after fluid resuscitation. Bacteremia is the presence of viable bacteria in the blood. The term septicemia, the presence of microorganisms or their toxins in the blood, is no longer used by the consensus committee.\nSepsis causes millions of deaths globally each year.\nSepsis is caused by the immune system's response to a serious infection, most commonly bacteria, but also fungi, viruses, and parasites in the blood, urinary tract, lungs, skin, or other tissues. Sepsis can be thought of as falling within a continuum from infection to multiple organ dysfunction syndrome.\nCommon symptoms of sepsis include those related to a specific infection, but usually accompanied by high fevers, hot, flushed skin, elevated heart rate, hyperventilation, altered mental status, swelling, and low blood pressure. In the very young and elderly, or in people with weakened immune systems, the pattern of symptoms may be atypical, with hypothermia and without an easily localizable infection.
/m/027qb1	A commissioner is, in principle, the title given to a member of a commission or to an individual who has been given a commission.\nIn practice, the title of commissioner has evolved to include a variety of senior officials, often sitting on a specific commission. In particular, commissioner frequently refers to senior police or government officials. A High Commissioner is equivalent to an ambassador, originally between the United Kingdom and the Dominions and now between all Commonwealth states, whether Commonwealth realms, republics, or countries having a monarch other than that of the realms. The title is also sometimes given to senior officials in the private sector; for instance, many North American sports leagues.
/m/0tn9j	Minden is a small city in and the parish seat of Webster Parish, Louisiana, United States. is located twenty-eight miles east of Shreveport. The population, which has been stable since 1960, was 13,082 at the 2010 census. The 2000 population had been 13,027; growth over the decade was hence .4 of 1 percent. Minden is 51.7 percent African American.\nMinden is the principal city of the Minden Micropolitan Statistical Area, which is part of the larger Shreveport-Bossier City-Minden Combined Statistical Area.\nMinden has possessed a post office since 1839. The current postal building at 111 South Monroe Street was completed in 1959.\nThe community has been served by a newspaper since the 1850s. The current publication, the Minden Press-Herald, is located in a building previously occupied by a supermarket on Gleason Street south of Broadway Street. The Press-Herald became a daily newspaper on July 18, 1966, but was earlier published as two weekly papers, the Minden Press on Mondays and the Minden Herald on Thursdays. For a time there was also the Webster Signal-Tribune.\nOn October 15, 2012, an ordnance bunker at nearby Camp Minden exploded, but the blast was contained with minimal damage. Camp Minden is the site of the former Louisiana Army Ammunition Plant, once the major area employer. In December 2012, police began the removal of 2,700 tons of explosives from Camp Minden, leading to evacuations in the nearby town of Doyline.
/m/01k3s2	The University of Alberta is a public research university located in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada. It was founded in 1908 by Alexander Cameron Rutherford, the first premier of Alberta, and Henry Marshall Tory, its first president. Its enabling legislation is the Post-secondary Learning Act.\nThe university comprises four campuses in Edmonton, the Augustana Campus in Camrose, and a staff centre in downtown Calgary. The original north campus consists of 150 buildings covering 50 city blocks on the south rim of the North Saskatchewan River valley, directly across from downtown Edmonton. More than 39,000 students from across Canada and 152 other countries participate in nearly 400 programs in 18 faculties.\nThe University of Alberta is a major economic driver in Alberta. The university’s impact on the Alberta economy is an estimated $12.3 billion annually, or five per cent of the province’s gross domestic product. With more than 15,000 employees, the university is Alberta's fourth-largest employer.\nThe University of Alberta has been recognized by the Academic Ranking of World Universities, the QS World University Rankings and the Times Higher Education World University Rankings as one of the top five universities in Canada and one of the top 100 universities worldwide. It has graduated nearly 250,000 alumni, including Governor General Roland Michener, Prime Minister Joe Clark, Chief Justice of Canada Beverley McLachlin, Premier of Alberta Peter Lougheed and Nobel laureate Richard E. Taylor.
/m/06j8wx	Walter Charles Dance, OBE is an English actor, screenwriter, and film director. Dance typically plays assertive bureaucrats or villains. Some of his most high-profile roles are Guy Perron in The Jewel in the Crown, Dr. Jonathan Clemens in Alien 3, Sardo Numspa in The Golden Child, Benedict in Last Action Hero, and Tywin Lannister in HBO's Game of Thrones.
/m/05vtbl	Bruce Walter Timm is an American character designer, animator and producer. He is also a writer and artist working in comics, and is known for his contributions building the modern DC Comics animated franchise, the DC animated universe.
/m/0p0mx	Picardy is one of the 27 regions of France. It is located in the northern part of France.
/m/03q_w5	Social Distortion (sometimes referred to simply as Social D or SxDx) is an American punk rock band formed in 1978 in Fullerton, California. The band currently consists of Mike Ness (vocals, guitars), Jonny Wickersham (guitars), Brent Harding (bass) and Scott Reeder (drums). They are often credited as one of the leading bands of the 1980s hardcore punk explosion.\r\n\r\nThe group briefly disbanded in 1985, due to frontman Ness' drug addiction, but reformed around 1986 and have continued being active today, even after the death of longtime guitarist Dennis Danell, who succumbed to a brain aneurysm in 2000. Since their inception the band lineup has been a virtual revolving-door of talent, with many members coming and going – Ness has been the only constant member.\r\n\r\nTo date, Social Distortion has released six full-length studio albums, two compilations, one live album and two DVDs. The band released its debut album Mommy's Little Monster in 1983, which was quite popular in the United States. Social Distortion did not release their second album, Prison Bound, until 1988. That album attracted the attention of Epic Records, who signed the band in 1989 and issued their highly successful self-titled third album a year later, which peaked at number 128 on the Billboard 200, and featured their well-known hit singles \"Ball and Chain\", \"Story of My Life\" and the cover of Johnny Cash's \"Ring of Fire.\" Their most recent studio album, Sex, Love and Rock 'n' Roll, came out on September 28, 2004. They also released their first Greatest Hits compilation on June 26, 2007. As of February 8, 2010, Social Distortion is in the studio recording their next album, which is likely due for release this fall.
/m/0258dh	The Bodyguard is a 1992 American romantic thriller film starring Kevin Costner and Whitney Houston. Released in June 13th 1992. Costner stars as a former Secret Service Agent-turned-bodyguard who is hired to protect Houston's character, a music star, from an unknown stalker. Lawrence Kasdan wrote the film in the 1970s, originally as a vehicle for Steve McQueen and Diana Ross It was directed by Mick Jackson. This film was Houston's acting debut. It was the second-highest-grossing film worldwide in 1992, making $411 million worldwide, despite mixed to negative reviews from critics. The soundtrack became the best-selling soundtrack of all time, selling more than 45 million copies worldwide.
/m/07vfqj	Park Chu-Young is a Korean footballer who plays for Watford in the Football League Championship on loan from Arsenal.
/m/014b6c	St. Charles County is a county located in east-central Missouri in the United States. As of the 2010 census, the population was 360,485, making it the third most populous county in Missouri.\nIts county seat is St. Charles. The county was organized October 1, 1812 and named for Saint Charles Borromeo, an Italian cardinal.\nSt. Charles County is part of the St. Louis Metro Area and contains many of the northern suburbs of St. Louis as well as the more exurban areas.\nThe wealthiest county in Missouri, St. Charles County is one of the fastest growing counties in the nation. The county is also recognized as very conservative, ranking in the top 100 nationally, and many residents support a gun culture. The county is expected to surpass Johnson County, Kansas by 2014 in total wealth.\nSt. Charles County includes an important area of vineyards and wineries whose distinction has been nationally recognized. On its rural outer edge along the south-facing bluffs above the Missouri River is an area of numerous wineries, so that SH 94 is sometimes called the Missouri Weinstrasse. The area includes the Augusta AVA, designated in 1980 as the first American Viticultural Area by the federal government.
/m/01pj7	Croatia, officially the Republic of Croatia, is a unitary democratic parliamentary republic at the crossroads of Central Europe, Southeast Europe, and the Mediterranean. Its capital and largest city is Zagreb. The country is divided into 20 counties and the city of Zagreb. Croatia covers 56,594 square kilometres and has diverse, mostly continental and Mediterranean climates. Croatia's Adriatic Sea coast contains more than a thousand islands. The country's population is 4.28 million, most of whom are Croats, with the most common religious denomination being Roman Catholicism.\nThe Croats arrived in the area of present-day Croatia during the early part of the 7th century. They organised the state into two duchies by the 9th century. Tomislav became the first king by 925 AD, elevating Croatia to the status of a kingdom. The Kingdom of Croatia retained its sovereignty for nearly two centuries, reaching its peak during the rule of Kings Peter Krešimir IV and Dmitar Zvonimir. Croatia entered a personal union with Hungary in 1102. In 1527, faced with Ottoman conquest, the Croatian Parliament elected Ferdinand I of the House of Habsburg to the Croatian throne. In 1918, after World War I, Croatia was included in the unrecognised State of Slovenes, Croats, and Serbs which seceded from Austria–Hungary and merged into the Kingdom of Yugoslavia. A fascist Croatian puppet state existed during World War II. After the war, Croatia became a founding member and a federal constituent of Second Yugoslavia, a socialist state. In June 1991, Croatia declared independence, which came into effect on 8 October of the same year. The Croatian War of Independence was fought successfully during the four years following the declaration.
/m/015p37	Janeane Garofalo is an American stand-up comedian, actor, liberal political activist and writer.\nShe began her career as a stand-up comic in the late 1980s. In 1992, she made her television debut on the Ben Stiller Show, and followed this up with roles on The Larry Sanders Show and Saturday Night Live.\nShe moved to film in 1991 with an appearance as a fast food restaurant counter person in Late for Dinner, and also starred in The Truth About Cats and Dogs.\nGarofalo is an outspoken progressive and feminist activist. From March 2004 to July 2006, she hosted Air America Radio's The Majority Report with Sam Seder.
/m/079kdz	Peter Horton is an American actor and director. He played the role of Prof. Gary Shepherd on the popular television series Thirtysomething until 1991.
/m/09thp87	Gethin Creagh is a New Zealand sound engineer. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Sound for the film The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring. He has worked on more than 100 films since 1976.
/m/04_xr8	The Province of Naples is a province in the Campania region of southern Italy. Its capital city is Naples; within the province there are 92 Comuni of the Province of Naples.
/m/02qlr1	CBBC is one of two brand names used for the BBC's children's television strands. Today, CBBC is joined by two dedicated digital channels, launched in 2002 and using the same brands and presentation and the programme strands it is a department of the BBC North Group division.\nCBBC is the name given to the digital channel for children aged 6–12, and also the brand used for CBBC programming and CBeebies is the digital channel for children aged under 6, and also aired its own strand on BBC One until 21 December 2012 and on BBC Two until 4 January 2013. In 2006, as part of the BBCs Creative Futures strategic review, the CBBC brand was redefined as being for children aged 6–12. A new brand for teenagers, BBC Switch, was launched in 2007 and ended in 2010, though this did not have a dedicated channel and was not part of the BBC Children's division.\nCBBC currently broadcasts as a 12-hour-a-day digital channel available on most UK digital platforms from 7am to 7pm. The brand was also used for the broadcast of children's programmes on BBC One until these strands were phased out at the end of 2012 and on BBC Two until these strands were also phased out at the start of 2013, as part of the BBC's \"Delivering Quality First\" cost-cutting initiative. CBBC programmes were also broadcast in high definition alongside other BBC content on BBC HD, generally from 3:30pm to 7pm on weekends, unless the channel was covering other events. BBC-produced children's programming, in native languages of Scotland and Wales, also airs on BBC Alba and S4C respectively. CBBC HD launched on 10 December 2013.
/m/03j7cf	Trabzonspor is a professional Turkish football club located in the city of Trabzon, Turkey. Formed in 1967 through a merger of several local clubs, Trabzonspor won six championships in Turkish Super League. The Club won their first Championship title in 1975 which is also the Club's initiation year in Turkish Super League. Trabzonspor won the championship title again during their second year in the Turkish Super League in 1976, was runner-up in 1977 and won 3 Championship titles in a row during the following years 1978, 1979, 1980. The club colours are claret and blue, and they play their home matches at Hüseyin Avni Aker Stadium. The club has donned maroon and blue kits since the merger, and have played at their present ground since 1967.\nDomestically, Trabzonspor is known as one of the \"Top 5 Soccer/Football Clubs\" of Turkey based on the number of cups won. They have won the Süper Lig six times, and are known as the first non Istanbul-based club who ever achieved such a feat and the only club to win the championship during their first year in Turkish Super League. They have also won the Federation Cup eight times. From 1976 to 1984, Trabzonspor won a total of 31 trophies: Super League, Federation Cup, Süper Kupa, the Başbakanlık Kupası, Red Group Championship Second Division and Cyprus Peace Cup. They have the distinction of being the only Turkish club to win both men's and women's top level football league titles.
/m/05snw	A physicist is a scientist who does research in physics. Physicists study a wide range of physical phenomena in many branches of physics spanning all length scales: from sub-atomic particles of which all ordinary matter is made to the behavior of the material Universe as a whole.\nThe term \"physicist\" was coined by William Whewell in his 1840 book The Philosophy of the Inductive Sciences.
/m/095p3z	Ray Heindorf was an American songwriter, composer, conductor, and arranger.
/m/0gct_	Henri-Émile-Benoît Matisse was a French artist, known for his use of colour and his fluid and original draughtsmanship. He was a draughtsman, printmaker, and sculptor, but is known primarily as a painter. Matisse is commonly regarded, along with Pablo Picasso and Marcel Duchamp, as one of the three artists who helped to define the revolutionary developments in the plastic arts in the opening decades of the twentieth century, responsible for significant developments in painting and sculpture. Although he was initially labelled a Fauve, by the 1920s he was increasingly hailed as an upholder of the classical tradition in French painting. His mastery of the expressive language of colour and drawing, displayed in a body of work spanning over a half-century, won him recognition as a leading figure in modern art.
/m/01kymm	Yoshiko Horie, better known by her stage name Yui Horie is a Japanese singer and voice actress. She is sometimes affectionately nicknamed \"Hocchan\" by her Japanese fans.\nShe hosts a radio show called \"Horie Yui no Tenshi no Tamago\" and is the founding member of the singing group, Aice5. She is also a member of the band Kurobara Hozonkai, with the name YUIEL. Her hobbies include shoulder massage, reading and cooking.
/m/0p3_y	Die Hard is a 1988 American action film directed by John McTiernan and written by Steve de Souza and Jeb Stuart, based on the 1979 novel Nothing Lasts Forever by Roderick Thorp. Die Hard follows off-duty New York City Police Department officer John McClane as he takes on a group of highly organized criminals led by Hans Gruber, who perform a heist in a Los Angeles skyscraper under the guise of a terrorist attack using hostages, including McClane's wife Holly, to keep the police at bay.\nDie Hard is based on Nothing Lasts Forever, the sequel to Thorp's 1966 novel The Detective, which itself had been adapted into a 1968 film of the same name starring Frank Sinatra. Fox was contractually obligated to offer Sinatra the lead role in Die Hard, but he turned it down and the film was instead pitched as a sequel to the 1985 action film Commando starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. When Schwarzenegger also turned it down, the film was pitched to, and rejected by, a host of the era's action stars before Willis was chosen. The studio did not have faith in Willis' action star appeal, as at the time he was known for his comedic role on television.\nMade on a $28 million budget, Die Hard went on to gross over $140 million theatrically worldwide, and was praised by critics. The film turned Willis into an action star, and became a frequent comparison for other action films featuring a lone hero fighting overwhelming odds. The film's success spawned the Die Hard franchise, which includes four sequels, video games, and a comic book.
/m/01336l	Asian Americans are Americans of Asian descent. The U.S. Census Bureau definition of Asians refers to a person having origins in any of the original peoples of the Far East, Southeast Asia, or the Indian subcontinent. It includes people who indicated their race as \"Asian\" or reported entries such as \"Chinese\", \"Filipino\", \"Indian\", \"Vietnamese\", \"Korean\", \"Japanese\", and \"Other Asian\" or provided other detailed Asian responses. They comprise 4.8% of the U.S. population alone, while people who are Asian combined with at least one other race make up 5.6%.\nThe term Asian American was coined by historian Yuji Ichioka, who is credited with popularizing the term, to frame a new \"inter-ethnic-pan-Asian American self-defining political group\" in the late 1960s; before that terms generally used were Oriental or Asiatic. Today, Asian American is the accepted term for most formal purposes, such as government and academic research, although it is often shortened to Asian in common usage.\nAs with other racial and ethnicity based terms, formal and common usage have changed markedly through the short history of this term. The most significant change occurred when the Hart-Celler Act of 1965 eliminated highly restrictive \"national origins\" quotas, designed, among other things, to restrict immigration of those of Asian racial background. The new system, based on skills and family connections to U.S. residents, enabled significant immigration from every nation in Asia, which led to dramatic and ongoing changes in the Asian American population. As a result of these population changes, the formal and common understandings of what defines Asian American have expanded to include more of the peoples with ancestry from various parts of Asia. Because of their more recent immigration, new Asian immigrants also have had different educational, economic and other characteristics than early 20th-century immigrants. They also tend to have different employment and settlement patterns in the United States.
/m/09qycb	The film Catch-22 is a 1970 adaptation from the book of the same name by Joseph Heller. In creating a black comedy revolving around the \"lunatic characters\" of Heller's satirical anti-war novel, director Mike Nichols and screenwriter Buck Henry worked on the filmscript for two years, converting Heller's complex novel to the medium of film.\nThe cast included Alan Arkin, Bob Balaban, Martin Balsam, Richard Benjamin, Italian actress Olimpia Carlisi, French comedian Marcel Dalio, Art Garfunkel, Jack Gilford, Charles Grodin, Bob Newhart, Anthony Perkins, Paula Prentiss, Martin Sheen, Jon Voight, and Orson Welles. Garfunkel made his acting debut in the film.
/m/0n5c9	Morris County is a county located in the U.S. state of New Jersey, about 25 mi west of New York City. According to the 2010 United States Census, the population was 492,276, up from the 470,212 at the 2000 Census, retaining its status as the tenth-most populous county in the state. It is part of the New York Metropolitan Area. Its county seat is Morristown. The most populous place was Parsippany-Troy Hills Township, with 53,238 residents at the time of the 2010 Census, while Rockaway Township, covered 45.55 square miles, the largest total area of any municipality.\nMorris County, as of the 2000 Census, was the sixth-wealthiest county in the United States by median household income at $77,340, sixth in median family income at $89,773 and ranked tenth by per capita income at $36,964 The Bureau of Economic Analysis ranked the county as having the 16th-highest per capita income of all 3,113 counties in the United States as of 2009. The county ranked third in the New York Metropolitan area in terms of median income.
/m/03kbr	Hindu refers to an identity associated with the philosophical, religious and cultural systems that are indigenous to the Indian subcontinent. In common use today, it refers to an adherent of Hinduism. The two common forms that represent Hinduism are Shaivism and Vaishnavism.\nThe Hindu religious texts did not use the term 'Hindu' or an equivalent thereof, or any name at all for that matter to refer to the inhabitants of the Indian peninsula nor the religion of the inhabitants, in alignment within a larger lack of 'proper noun' nomenclature typically visible in texts of Hindu literature. Despite that, the history of the word 'Hindu' is long and its usage widespread, since the outside world had, since antiquity, used several names for the Indian people, specifically for the inhabitants of the Indian peninsula east of the river Indus viz. 'Indos' used by the Greeks in the works of Herodotus and Megasthenes, circa 5th century B.C., and later 'Hindus' used first by the Persians and later on by Arabs to refer to the Indian people and their customs. 2nd century B.C. Chinese traveller Zhang Qian referred to India as Hen-tu. Chinese pilgrim Huen-Tsang in his 7th century Si-yu-ki, also used words like Shin-tu and Hin-tu to describe the people. Arabic explorer Ibn Battuta also, in his book \"Rihla\", made use of the word \"al-hind\" meaning the Indian subcontinent. He was of Moroccan origin and had travelled the length and breadth of the Islamic civilization which included the North Africa, Middle East, the Indian subcontinent, Egypt and even parts of Indonesia. He described the Indian subcontinent as Al Hind as still referred in Arabic.
/m/042_f1	Ninth grade is the ninth post-kindergarten year of school education in some school systems. The students are 14 to 15 years of age, depending on when their birthday is. Depending on the school district, ninth grade is usually the first year of high school, or the last year of middle school. In America, it is often called Freshman year. In Australia it is the third year of secondary school for students, though because Australian schools commence school after kindergarten with a \"preparatory year\" and then start grade one the following year, 'ninth grade' is actually the students' tenth year at school. Thus Australian students are at primary and high school for thirteen years in total. Then in New Zealand and parts of Canada, ninth grade is generally the second year of high school for students. In England ninth grade is known as year ten and is the fourth year of secondary school where children are 14 to 15 years of age. In Scotland, the equivalent is Secondary year 3.
/m/0bwgmzd	The Australian Film Institute Award for Best Telefeature, Mini Series or Short Run Series is an award that has been handed out to producers annually since 1986 by the Australian Film Institute. The Award was originally presented in two separate categories for Best Telefeature and Best Mini Series but in 1990 both categories were merged to form Best Television Mini Series or Telefeature. By 2008 the award name was changed again with the addition of Short Run Series to the title.
/m/0g293	Latin American music encompasses rhythms and styles originated or related to Latin America and its influence in the United States and several European countries such as Spain or Portugal. Some critics have defined Latin music as an incorporation of four elements: music style, geography, cultural background of the artist and language. The first of those encapsulates all music styles generated from Latin countries, such as salsa, merengue, tango, bossa nova and bachata; as well as other styles derived from a more mainstream genre, such as Latin pop, rock, jazz and Reggaeton.\nGeographically, it usually refers to the Spanish and Portuguese-speaking regions of Latin America but sometimes include Francophone countries and territories of Latin America as well. The origins of Latin American music begins with Spain and Portugal's colonization of Latin America in the 16th century. Latin American music is performed in Spanish, Portuguese, and to a lesser extent, French. As a genre in the music industry, \"Latin music\" is used to describe any Spanish or Portuguese-language genre including those from Spain and occasionally Portugal.
/m/04_1nk	Peter Curtis Lamont is a noted set decorator, art director, and production designer most famous for working on eighteen James Bond films. The only five Bond films that he did not work on are Dr. No, From Russia with Love, Tomorrow Never Dies, Quantum of Solace and Skyfall.\nThroughout his near 60-year career, Lamont has been nominated for three Academy Awards for his work on Fiddler on the Roof, The Spy Who Loved Me and Aliens. He was nominated a fourth time and won for Titanic.\nOn August 22, 1982, Lamont was a passenger on an Indian Airlines flight from Mumbai to New Delhi, which was hijacked by a lone Sikh militant, armed with a pistol and a hand grenade. Indian security forces killed the hijacker and rescued all passengers, including Lamont.
/m/02fb1n	Robert John Wagner, Jr. is an American actor of stage, screen, and television, best known for starring in the television shows It Takes a Thief, Switch, and Hart to Hart. He also had a recurring role as Teddy Leopold on the TV sitcom Two and a Half Men. In movies, Wagner is known for his role as Number Two in the Austin Powers trilogy of films.\nWagner's autobiography, Pieces of My Heart: A Life, written with author Scott Eyman, was published on September 23, 2008.
/m/099jhq	The Critics' Choice Movie Award for Best Supporting Actor is one of the awards given to people working in the motion picture industry by the Broadcast Film Critics Association at their annual Critics' Choice Movie Awards.
/m/048xyn	The Messenger: The Story of Joan of Arc is a 1999 French historical drama film directed by Luc Besson. The screenplay was written by Besson and Andrew Birkin, and the original music score was composed by Éric Serra.\nThe Messenger portrays the story of St. Joan of Arc, the notable French war heroine and religious martyr of the 15th century, played by Milla Jovovich. The story begins with young Joan witnessing the atrocities of the English against her family, and portrays her having visions that inspire her to lead the French in battle against the occupying English forces. Her success in routing the English allows Charles VII to take the throne. Eventually Joan is tried and executed for heresy.\nA miniseries, Joan of Arc, happened to be released for television at the same time that Besson's film had release in theaters.
/m/01dv21	Harland & Wolff Heavy Industries is a Northern Irish heavy industrial company, specialising in shipbuilding and offshore construction, located in Belfast, Northern Ireland.\nThe shipyard has built many ships; among the more famous are the White Star trio RMS Olympic, RMS Titanic and Britannic, the Royal Navy's HMS Belfast, Royal Mail Line's Andes, Shaw Savill's Southern Cross and P&O's SS Canberra. The company's official history, Shipbuilders to the World, was published in 1986.\nAs of 2011, the expanding offshore wind power industry has taken centre stage and 75% of the company's work is based on offshore renewable energy.
/m/04fhn_	James Robert Rebhorn is an American character actor who has appeared in over 100 television shows, feature films and plays.
/m/0yzbg	Dead Poets Society is a 1989 American drama film directed by Peter Weir and starring Robin Williams. Set at the conservative and aristocratic Welton Academy in Vermont in 1959, it tells the story of an English teacher who inspires his students through his teaching of poetry. The film was critically acclaimed and was nominated for many awards.\nThe script was written by Tom Schulman, based on his life at the Montgomery Bell Academy in Nashville, Tennessee. Filming took place at St. Andrew's School in Middletown, Delaware.
/m/01j5ws	Michael John Douglas, better known by the stage name Michael Keaton, is an American actor who became popular for his early comedic film roles, most notably his performance as the title character of Tim Burton's Beetlejuice, and later gained international fame for his dramatic portrayal of Bruce Wayne / Batman in Tim Burton's Batman and Batman Returns. He has appeared in various other films, including Night Shift, Mr. Mom, Clean and Sober, Pacific Heights and Jackie Brown, and has also provided voicework for Pixar's Cars and Toy Story 3.
/m/07hn5	The Tour de France is an annual multiple stage bicycle race primarily held in France, while also occasionally making passes through nearby countries. The race was first organized in 1903 to increase paper sales for the magazine L'Auto; it is currently run by the Amaury Sport Organisation. The race has been held annually since its first edition in 1903 except for when it was stopped for the two World Wars. As the Tour gained prominence and popularity the race was lengthened and its reach began to extend around the globe. Participation expanded from a primarily French field, as riders from all over the world began to participate in the race each year. The Tour is a UCI World Tour event, which means that the teams that compete in the race are mostly UCI ProTeams, with the exception of the teams that the organizers invite.\nThe Tour de France, the Giro d'Italia and Vuelta a España make up cycling's prestigious, three-week-long Grand Tours; the Tour is the oldest and generally considered the most prestigious of the three. Traditionally, the race is held primarily in the month of July. While the route changes each year, the format of the race stays the same with the appearance of at least two time trials, the passage through the mountain chains of the Pyrenees and the Alps, and the finish on the Champs-Élysées in Paris. The modern editions of the Tour de France consist of 21 day-long segments over a 23-day period and cover around 3,200 kilometres. The race alternates between clockwise and anticlockwise circuits of France. The number of teams usually varies between 20 and 22, with nine riders in each.
/m/0mnlq	Loudoun County is a county located in the Commonwealth of Virginia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 312,311. making it the fourth-most populous county in Virginia, in 2013, the population was estimated to be 347,969, making it the third-most populous. Its county seat is Leesburg. As of 2007, the town had been county seat for 249 of the last 250 years.\nLoudoun county is included in the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area.\nAs of 2007, Loudoun County has the highest median household income of any county in the United States, beating neighboring Fairfax County, Virginia. The two counties have been trading places as the highest-income county in the United States in recent years.
/m/019g40	Omari Ishmael Grandberry, known as Omarion, is an American R&B singer, songwriter, dancer, actor and former lead singer of R&B group B2K. Omarion was spotted at a young age by a manager, Christopher B. Stokes, who took a liking to his vocal abilities. This led to forming the group B2K, which disbanded after being successful for a few years. His third album Ollusion was released January 12, 2010 with the lead single \"I Get It In\". He is now a new artist of Rick Ross' Maybach Music Group label and is also a managed artist of Jay-Z's Roc Nation label.
/m/01kym3	Megumi Hayashibara is a Japanese voice actress, singer, radio personality, and lyricist from Tokyo. She is affiliated with Woodpark Office. She is best known for her roles in Love Hina, Saber Marionette J, Ranma ½, Neon Genesis Evangelion, Cowboy Bebop, Slayers, Detective Conan, Pokémon, All Purpose Cultural Catgirl Nuku Nuku and Shaman King. She is also a fully qualified and registered nurse.
/m/0l6vl	The 1980 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XXII Olympiad, was an international multi-sport event held in Moscow in the Soviet Union.\nThe 1980 Games were the first to be staged in Eastern Europe.\nLed by the US with the insistence of its President Jimmy Carter, 65 countries boycotted the games because of the Soviet war in Afghanistan, though some athletes from some of the boycotting countries participated in the games, under the Olympic Flag. This prompted the Soviet-led boycott of the 1984 Summer Olympics.
/m/04_xrs	The Province of Salerno is a province in the Campania region of Italy.
/m/04b5n0	DSC Arminia Bielefeld is a German sports club from Bielefeld, North Rhine-Westphalia. Arminia offers the sports of football, field hockey, figure skating and cue sports. The club has 8,417 members and the club colours are black, white and blue. Arminia's name derives from the Cheruscian chieftain Arminius, who defeated a Roman army in the Battle of the Teutoburg Forest.\nThe club is most commonly known for its professional football team which plays in the 2. Bundesliga. Due to their numerous promotions and relegations, they are considered a yo-yo club. They have won promotion to the Bundesliga, the top tier of the German football league system, seven times, which is a German record. In 1971, the club played a key role in the Bundesliga scandal when they bribed their opponents.\nArminia plays their home games at the Bielefelder Alm stadium since 1926. Since 2004 the stadium has been named Schücoarena through a sponsorship deal.
/m/0h1wg	Leucine is a branched-chain α-amino acid with the chemical formula HO2CCHCH2CH(CH3)2. Leucine is classified as a hydrophobic amino acid due to its aliphatic isobutyl side chain. It is encoded by six codons and is a major component of the subunits in ferritin, astacin and other 'buffer' proteins. Leucine is an essential amino acid, meaning that the human body cannot synthesize it, and it therefore must be ingested.
/m/06pvr	The San Francisco Bay Area, commonly known as the Bay Area, is a populated region that surrounds the San Francisco and San Pablo estuaries in Northern California, United States. The region encompasses the major cities and metropolitan areas of San Francisco, Oakland, and San Jose, along with smaller urban and rural areas. The Bay Area's nine counties are Alameda, Contra Costa, Marin, Napa, San Francisco, San Mateo, Santa Clara, Solano, and Sonoma. Home to approximately 7.15 million people, the nine-county Bay Area contains many cities, towns, airports, and associated regional, state, and national parks, connected by a network of roads, highways, railroads, bridges, tunnels and commuter rail. The combined urban area of San Francisco and San Jose is the second largest in California, the fifth largest in the United States, and the 56th largest urban area in the world.\nThe United States Office of Management and Budget does not use the nine-county definition of the San Francisco Bay Area. The OMB has designated a more extensive 12-county Combined Statistical Area titled the San Jose-San Francisco-Oakland, CA Combined Statistical Area which also includes the three counties of San Joaquin, Santa Cruz, and San Benito that do not border San Francisco Bay, but are economically tied to the nine counties that do.
/m/0ft5vs	The Michigan State Spartans football program represents Michigan State University in college football as members of the Big Ten Conference at the NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision level. Michigan State has won or shared a total of six national championships, two Michigan Intercollegiate Athletic Association championships, and eight Big Ten championships. Currently 24 former Spartans are playing in the NFL. The team's iconic Spartan helmet logo has been ranked as one of the game's best.\nThe team competes in Spartan Stadium, a 75,005 person football stadium in the center of campus, though frequently the stadium holds more than 80,000 spectators. Michigan State hired Mark Dantonio on November 27, 2006 as head coach. MSU's traditional archrival is the University of Michigan, against which they compete for the Paul Bunyan Trophy. Michigan State is one of three Big Ten teams to have an annual non-conference football game against the University of Notre Dame.
/m/0174qm	Eastbourne is a large town and borough in East Sussex, on the south coast of England, 17 miles east of Brighton. It is situated immediately east of Beachy Head, the highest chalk sea cliff in Great Britain and an area of outstanding natural beauty. This sheltered position contributes to Eastbourne’s title of sunniest place in Great Britain.\nEastbourne is a relatively new town. Prior to 1800, the area existed as four separate hamlets and surrounding farmland. The town grew as a fashionable tourist resort largely thanks to prominent landowner, William Cavendish, later known as the Duke of Devonshire. Cavendish appointed architect Henry Currey to design a street plan for the town, but not before sending him off to Europe to draw inspiration. The resulting mix of architecture is typically Victorian and remains a key feature of Eastbourne. As a seaside resort, Eastbourne derives a large and increasing income from tourism. Conferences, public events, parks, traditional seaside attractions and cultural sightseeing are among the things on offer. The other main industries in Eastbourne include: trade and retail, healthcare, education, construction, manufacturing, professional scientific and the technical sector. The town has a growing population; it currently stands at 98,493. The 2011 census shows that the average age of residents has decreased as the town has attracted students, families and those commuting to London and Brighton.
/m/0466hh	FC Groningen is a football club from Groningen in the Netherlands and plays its games in the Dutch highest football league, called the Eredivisie.
/m/0b6f8pf	Bucky Larson: Born to Be a Star is a 2011 comedy film written by Adam Sandler, Allen Covert & Nick Swardson and directed by Tom Brandy.
/m/056k77g	Fist of the North Star is a 1986 Japanese animated film adaptation of the manga series of the same name. It was produced by Toei Animation, the same studio who worked on the TV series that was airing at the time, with the same cast and crew working on both projects. The film adapts the storyline of the manga from the beginning of the series up until Kenshiro's first match with his rival and elder brother Raoh, with many liberties taken with the order of events and how the story unfolds. However, the film retains the more violent content of the original manga, which the television series lacked.
/m/02skyy	WCW Monday Nitro was a weekly professional wrestling telecast produced by World Championship Wrestling, created by Ted Turner and Eric Bischoff. The show aired Monday nights on TNT, going head-to-head with the World Wrestling Federation's Monday Night Raw from September 4, 1995 to March 26, 2001. Production ceased shortly after WCW was purchased by the WWF.\nThe debut of Nitro began the Monday Night Wars, a ratings battle between the WWF and WCW that lasted for almost six years and saw each company resort to cutthroat tactics to try to compete with the competition. In mid-1996, Nitro began to draw better ratings than Raw based on the strength of the nWo storyline, an anarchist wrestling stable that wanted to take over WCW. Nitro continued to beat Raw for 84 consecutive weeks, forcing WWE owner Vince McMahon to change the way he did business. As the nWo storyline grew stagnant, fan interest in the storyline waned, and Raw began to edge out Nitro in the ratings.\nThe turning point for the organizations came during the January 4, 1999 broadcast of Nitro, during which lead commentator Tony Schiavone gave away the results of matches for that night's Raw broadcast. As Raw was taped and Nitro was live, Bischoff believed that knowing the outcome would dissuade viewers from watching the program. But many fans who were excited by the prospect of seeing perennial WWF underdog Mick Foley win the WWF Championship, switched channels from watching Nitro to instead watch Raw, only switching back to Nitro after Foley won the title. From that week forward, Raw beat Nitro in the ratings by a significant amount, and WCW was never able to regain the success it once had.
/m/0js9s	Sir Peter Robert Jackson ONZ KNZM is a New Zealand film director, producer and screenwriter. He is best known for The Lord of the Rings trilogy and its prequel The Hobbit trilogy, which are adapted from the novels of the same name by J. R. R. Tolkien. Other notable films include Heavenly Creatures, Forgotten Silver, The Frighteners, King Kong and The Lovely Bones. He also produced District 9, The Adventures of Tintin and the documentary West of Memphis.\nJackson began his career with the \"splatstick\" horror comedies Bad Taste the black comedy Meet the Feebles before filming Braindead. He shared an Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay nomination with his partner Fran Walsh for the film Heavenly Creatures, which brought him to mainstream prominence in the film industry. Jackson has been awarded three Academy Awards in his career, including the award for Best Director in 2003, and has been nominated for nine Academy Awards overall. He has also received a Golden Globe, four Saturn Awards and three BAFTAs amongst others.\nHis production company is Wingnut Films, and his most regular collaborators are co-writers and producers Walsh and Philippa Boyens. Jackson was made a Companion of the New Zealand Order of Merit in 2002. He was later knighted by Anand Satyanand, the Governor-General of New Zealand, at a ceremony in Wellington in April 2010.
/m/02ghq	Dean Ray Koontz is an American author. His novels are broadly described as suspense thrillers, but also frequently incorporate elements of horror, science fiction, mystery, and satire. Several of his books have appeared on the New York Times Bestseller List, with 14 hardcovers and 14 paperbacks reaching the number one position. Koontz wrote under a number of pen names earlier in his career, including \"David Axton\", \"Leigh Nichols\" and \"Brian Coffey\". He has sold over 450 million copies as reported on his official site.
/m/0gv40	William Wyler was an American film director, producer and screenwriter. Notable works included Ben-Hur, The Best Years of Our Lives, and Mrs. Miniver, all of which won Wyler Academy Awards for Best Director, as well as Best Picture in their respective years. Wyler won his first Oscar nomination for directing Dodsworth in 1936, starring Walter Huston, Ruth Chatterton and Mary Astor, \"sparking a 20-year run of almost unbroken greatness.\"\nFilm historian Ian Freer calls Wyler a \"bona fide perfectionist\", whose penchant for retakes and an attempt to hone every last nuance, \"became the stuff of legend.\" His ability to direct a string of classic literary adaptations into huge box-office and critical successes made him one of \"Hollywood's most bankable moviemakers\" during the 1930s and 1940s and into the 60's. Other popular Wyler films include Funny Girl, How to Steal a Million, The Children's Hour, The Big Country, Roman Holiday, The Heiress, The Letter, The Westerner, Wuthering Heights, Jezebel, Dodsworth, and Hell's Heroes.
/m/01rdm0	The Kingdom of Romania was a constitutional monarchy which existed between 13 March 1881 and 30 December 1947, specified by the first three Constitutions of Romania. The Kingdom of Romania began with the reign of King Carol I of Romania who gained Romanian's independence in the Romanian War of Independence, and ended with the abdication of King Michael I of Romania in 30 December 1947, imposed by the Soviet Union with the tacit and secret, implicit consent of its allies. As such, it is quite distinct from the Romanian Old Kingdom, which refers strictly to the reign of King Carol I of Romania, between 14 March 1881 and 27 September 1914.\nFrom 1859 to 1877, Romania evolved from a personal union of two vassal principalities under a single prince to a full-fledged independent kingdom with a Hohenzollern monarchy. During 1918-20, at the end of World War I, Transylvania, Eastern Moldavia, and Bukovina were united with the Kingdom of Romania, resulting in a \"Greater Romania\". In 1940, Bessarabia, Northern Bukovina, Northern Transylvania and Southern Dobruja were ceded to the Soviet Union, Hungary and Bulgaria respectively, only Northern Transylvania being recovered after World War II ended. In 1947 the last king was compelled to abdicate and a socialist republic ruled by the Romanian Communist Party replaced the monarchy.
/m/02rq8k8	Shining Through is a 1992 British-American World War II film drama, directed and written by David Seltzer and starring Michael Douglas and Melanie Griffith, with Liam Neeson, Joely Richardson and John Gielgud in supporting roles. Although based on the novel of the same name by Susan Isaacs, the film's plot and characters are considerably different. The original music score was composed by Michael Kamen. The film's tagline is: \"He needed to trust her with his secret. She had to trust him with her life.\"
/m/01_4lx	Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc., also known as Take-Two, is an American multinational publisher, developer, and distributor of video games and video game peripherals. Take-Two wholly owns Rockstar Games and 2K Games. The company's headquarters are in New York City, with international headquarters in Windsor, United Kingdom. Development studio locations include San Diego, Vancouver, Toronto and Novato, California. Take-Two has published many notable games, including its most famous series Grand Theft Auto, the Midnight Club racing series, the Manhunt series and more recently BioShock. As owner of 2K Games, Take-Two publishes its popular 2K Sports titles. It also acted as the publisher of Bethesda Softworks's 2006 game, The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion.
/m/01qqtr	Jennifer Jason Leigh is an American film and stage actress. She has appeared in Fast Times at Ridgemont High, The Hudsucker Proxy, Single White Female, Last Exit to Brooklyn, Georgia and Short Cuts. She is also the co-writer and co-director of the film The Anniversary Party, made with fellow actor Alan Cumming.\nLeigh has a reputation for playing characters on society's bottom rung, often prostitutes or junkies. She is also known for her intensive method-inspired research into her roles.
/m/03_gz8	Elizabeth: The Golden Age is a 2007 sequel to the 1998 film Elizabeth, directed by Shekhar Kapur and produced by Universal Pictures and Working Title Films. It stars Cate Blanchett in the title role and is a fairly fictionalised portrayal of events during the latter part of the reign of Queen Elizabeth I of England. The screenplay was written by William Nicholson and Michael Hirst. The music score was composed by A. R. Rahman and Craig Armstrong.\nIt was filmed at Shepperton Studios and various locations around the United Kingdom with an estimated production budget of 50 to 60 million USD. Guy Hendrix Dyas was the film's production designer and co-visual effects supervisor and the costumes were created by Alexandra Byrne.\nThe film premiered on 9 September 2007 at the Toronto International Film Festival. It opened in wide release in the United States and Canada on 12 October 2007. It premiered in London on 23 October 2007 and was on general release from 2 November 2007 throughout the rest of the UK and Republic of Ireland. It opened in Australia and New Zealand on 15 November 2007.\nThe film won an Academy Award for Best Costume Design and Blanchett received an Academy Award nomination for Best Actress.
/m/012x03	The Temptations are an American vocal group known for their success with Motown Records during the 1960s and 1970s. Known for their choreography, distinct harmonies, and flashy wardrobe, they were highly influential to R&B and soul music.\nKnown to always feature at least five male vocalists and dancers, the group formed in 1960 in Detroit, Michigan under the name The Elgins. Having sold tens of millions of albums, the Temptations are one of the most successful groups in music history. As of 2013, the Temptations continue to perform and record for Universal Music Group with one living original member, Otis Williams, still in the lineup.\nThe original founding members of the group were Otis Williams, Elbridge \"Al\" Bryant, Melvin Franklin, Eddie Kendricks, and Paul Williams. The members were from two former rival vocal groups, the Distants and the Primes. In 1964, Bryant was replaced by David Ruffin. Four years later, Ruffin was replaced by Dennis Edwards. In 1971, the lineup changed again when Kendricks and Paul Williams were replaced by Ricky Owens and Richard Street. The former replacement was soon replaced by Damon Harris. Like its \"sister\" group, The Supremes, the Temptations' lineup has changed frequently over the years.
/m/0mxhc	Clackamas County is a county located in the Willamette Valley region of the U.S. state of Oregon. As of the 2010 census, the population was 375,992. Its county seat is Oregon City. The county was named after the Native Americans living in the area, the Clackamas Indians, who were part of the Chinookan people.\nClackamas County is included in the Portland metropolitan area.
/m/025hzx	Joe Roth is an American film executive, producer and film director. He co-founded Morgan Creek Productions in 1987 and was chairman of 20th Century Fox, Caravan Pictures, and Walt Disney Studios before founding Revolution Studios in 2000.
/m/0gxr1c	Code Geass: Lelouch of the Rebellion, often referred to as simply Code Geass, is a Japanese anime series created by Sunrise, directed by Gorō Taniguchi, and written by Ichirō Ōkouchi, with original character designs by manga authors Clamp. Set in an alternate timeline, the series focuses on how the former prince Lelouch vi Britannia obtains a power known as Geass and decides to use it to obliterate the Holy Britannian Empire, an imperial monarchy and a superpower that has been conquering various countries.\nCode Geass first ran in Japan on Mainichi Broadcasting System from October 5, 2006, to July 28, 2007. Its sequel series, Code Geass: Lelouch of the Rebellion R2, ran on MBS and Tokyo Broadcasting System from April 6, 2008 to September 28, 2008. The series has also been adapted into various manga and light novels with the former showing various alternate scenarios from the TV series. Bandai Entertainment also licensed most parts from the franchise for English release in December 2007, airing the two TV series on Cartoon Network. Most manga and light novels have also been published in North America by Bandai.
/m/0ddkf	Paul Frederic Simon is an American musician and singer-songwriter. Simon's fame, influence, and commercial success began as part of the duo Simon & Garfunkel, formed in 1964 with musical partner Art Garfunkel. Simon wrote nearly all of the pair's songs, including three that reached No. 1 on the U.S. singles charts: \"The Sound of Silence\", \"Mrs. Robinson\", and \"Bridge Over Troubled Water\". The duo split up in 1970 at the height of their popularity, and Simon began a successful solo career as a guitarist and singer-songwriter, recording three highly acclaimed albums over the next five years. In 1986, he released Graceland, an album inspired by South African township music. Simon also wrote and starred in the film One-Trick Pony and co-wrote the Broadway musical The Capeman with the poet Derek Walcott.\nSimon has earned 12 Grammys for his solo and collaborative work, including the Lifetime Achievement Award. In 2001, he was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and in 2006 was selected as one of the \"100 People Who Shaped the World\" by Time magazine. Among many other honors, Simon was the first recipient of the Library of Congress's Gershwin Prize for Popular Song in 2007. In 1986, Simon was awarded an Honorary Doctor of Music degree from Berklee College of Music, where he currently serves on the Board of Trustees.
/m/04bd8y	Richard Schiff is an American actor. He is best known for playing Toby Ziegler on the NBC television drama The West Wing, a role for which he received an Emmy Award. Schiff made his directorial debut with The West Wing, directing an episode entitled \"Talking Points.\"
/m/026c1	Drew Blyth Barrymore is an American actress, screenwriter, film director, producer, model and author who is a descendant of the Barrymore family of well-known American stage and cinema actors, and is the granddaughter of film legend John Barrymore. Barrymore first appeared in an advertisement when she was eleven months old, a 1978 episodic television debut The Waltons as Melissa in season 7: episode 4 and her film debut in Altered States in 1980. Afterwards, she starred in her breakout role as Gertie in Steven Spielberg's E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial and quickly became one of Hollywood's most recognized child actresses, going on to establish herself in mainly comic roles.\nFollowing a turbulent childhood which was marked by recurring drug and alcohol abuse and two stints in rehab, Barrymore wrote the 1990 autobiography, Little Girl Lost. She successfully made the transition from child star to adult actress with a number of films including Poison Ivy, Bad Girls, Boys on the Side, and Everyone Says I Love You. Subsequently, she established herself in romantic comedies such as The Wedding Singer and later, 50 First Dates.\nIn 1997, she and her business partner Nancy Juvonen formed the production company Flower Films, with its first production the 1999 Barrymore film Never Been Kissed. Flower Films has gone on to produce the Barrymore vehicle films Charlie's Angels, 50 First Dates, and Music and Lyrics, as well as the cult film Donnie Darko. Barrymore's more recent projects include He's Just Not That Into You, Beverly Hills Chihuahua, Everybody's Fine and Going the Distance. A recipient of a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, Barrymore appeared on the cover of the 2007 People magazine's 100 Most Beautiful issue.
/m/04mhxx	Georgine America Ferrera is an American actress. She is best known for her leading role as Betty Suarez on the ABC television series Ugly Betty. Her portrayal garnered critical acclaim, and she won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Television Series Musical or Comedy, the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Comedy Series, and the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series.\nShe has starred in a number of films, including Real Women Have Curves, The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants, its sequel Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants 2, The Dry Land, End of Watch, and Our Family Wedding. She also had a small role in the skateboard biopic Lords of Dogtown. In addition, Ferrara provides the voice of Astrid the Viking in the DreamWorks animated picture How to Train Your Dragon, Cartoon Network's television series based on movie, Dragons: Riders of Berk, and the upcoming sequel, How to Train Your Dragon 2.
/m/0g9lm2	The Queen is a 2006 British historical drama film that depicts the aftermath of the death of Princess Diana on 31 August 1997. The film was directed by Stephen Frears, written by Peter Morgan, and starring Helen Mirren in the title role of Queen Elizabeth II. The Royal Family regards Diana's death as a private affair and thus not to be treated as an official Royal death. This is in contrast with the views of Tony Blair and Diana's ex-husband, Prince Charles, who favour the general public's desire for an official expression of grief. Matters are further complicated by the media, royal protocol regarding Diana's official status, and wider issues about Republicanism.\nThe film's release coincided with a revival of favourable public sentiment in respect to the monarchy and a downturn in fortunes for Blair, whose resignation came several months later. Michael Sheen reprised his role as Blair from The Deal, and he did so again in The Special Relationship. The film garnered general critical and popular acclaim for Mirren, in which she praised the Queen and was invited to dinner at Buckingham Palace after the film's release. However, Mirren could not attend due to filming commitments in Hollywood.
/m/02mt4k	Charles Kaufman is a film director, producer, actor and screenwriter.
/m/03rtmz	The Ninety-eighth United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, composed of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, D.C. from January 3, 1983 to January 3, 1985, during the third and fourth years of Ronald Reagan's Presidency. The apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives was based on the Twentieth Census of the United States in 1980. The Republicans controlled the Senate, while the Democrats controlled the House of Representatives.
/m/0133k0	Electroclash, also known as retro electro, tech pop, nouveau disco, the new new wave – and ambiguously both synthcore and electropunk – is a style of music that fuses 1980s electro and new wave synthpop with 1990s techno and electronic dance music. It emerged in New York and Detroit in the later 1990s, pioneered by acts including Collider, I-F and those associated with Gerald Donald, and is associated with acts including Peaches, Adult, Legowelt, and Fischerspooner. It was popularised by the Electroclash Festival in 2001 and 2002 and subsequent European tours, but faded as a distinctive style in the early 2000s, when it was fused with tech house to form the electro house genre.
/m/08k881	James LeGros is an American actor.
/m/0645k5	V for Vendetta is a 2006 American-German action thriller film directed by James McTeigue and written by the Wachowski Brothers, based on the 1982 Vertigo graphic novel of the same name by Alan Moore and David Lloyd. Set in the United Kingdom in a near-future dystopian society, Hugo Weaving portrays V—an anarchist freedom fighter who stages a series of terrorist attacks and attempts to ignite a revolution against the brutal fascist regime that has subjugated the United Kingdom and exterminated its opponents in concentration camps. Natalie Portman plays Evey, a working class girl caught up in V's mission, and Stephen Rea portrays the detective leading a desperate quest to stop V.\nThe film was originally scheduled for release by Warner Bros. on Friday, 4 November 2005, but was delayed; it opened on 17 March 2006, to positive reviews. Alan Moore, having already been disappointed with the film adaptations of two of his other graphic novels, From Hell and The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen, after reading the script for V for Vendetta refused to view the film and subsequently distanced himself from it. At his own demand, he is not credited.\nThe film has been seen by many political groups as an allegory of oppression by government; libertarians and anarchists have used it to promote their beliefs. Activists belonging to the group Anonymous use the same Guy Fawkes mask popularized by the film when they appear in public at numerous high-profile events, emulating one of its key scenes. Lloyd is quoted saying: \"The Guy Fawkes mask has now become a common brand and a convenient placard to use in protest against tyranny – and I'm happy with people using it, it seems quite unique, an icon of popular culture being used this way.\"
/m/018qpq	Shizuoka Prefecture is a prefecture of Japan located in the Chūbu region of Honshu. The capital is the city of Shizuoka.
/m/01r2lw	Forbes is an American business magazine owned by Forbes, Inc. Published biweekly, it features original articles on finance, industry, investing, and marketing topics. Forbes also reports on related subjects such as technology, communications, science, and law. Its headquarters are in New York City. Primary competitors in the national business magazine category are Fortune and Bloomberg Businessweek. The magazine is well known for its lists and rankings, including its lists of the richest Americans and rankings of world's top companies. The motto of Forbes magazine is \"The Capitalist Tool\". Its editor-in-chief is Steve Forbes and its CEO is Mike Perlis.
/m/01wgcvn	Dana Elaine Owens, better known by her stage name Queen Latifah, is an American singer, songwriter, rapper, actress, model, television producer, record producer, comedienne, and talk show hostess. She has long been considered one of hip-hop's pioneer feminists. Her work in music, film, and television has earned her a Golden Globe award, two Screen Actors Guild Awards, two Image Awards, a Grammy Award, six additional Grammy nominations, an Emmy Award nomination and an Academy Award nomination.
/m/01ymvk	The Virginia Military Institute is a state-supported military college in Lexington, Virginia, the oldest such institution in the United States. Unlike any other senior military college in the United States, all students at VMI are military cadets pursuing bachelor's degrees. VMI offers cadets strict military discipline combined with a spartan, physically and academically demanding environment. The Institute grants degrees in 14 disciplines in engineering, the sciences and the liberal arts.\nWhile VMI has been called the \"West Point of the South\", it differs from the federal service academies in several respects. For example, the living conditions at VMI are far more austere and spartan than the service academies. Also, while all cadets must participate in the Reserve Officers' Training Corps, they are afforded the flexibility of pursuing civilian endeavors or accepting a commission in any of the active or reserve components of any of the US military branches upon graduation.
/m/0cv13	Allegany County is a county located in the northwestern part of the US state of Maryland. It is part of the Cumberland, MD-WV Metropolitan Statistical Area. As of the 2010 census, the population was 75,087. Its county seat is Cumberland. It is considered to be a part of Western Maryland. The name Allegany may come from a local Lenape word, welhik hane or oolikhanna, which means 'best flowing river of the hills' or 'beautiful stream'. A number of counties in the Appalachian region of the US are named Allegany, Allegheny, or Alleghany.
/m/0cmd3zy	The 26th annual Sundance Film Festival was held from January 21, 2010 until January 31, 2010 in Park City, Utah.
/m/03lygq	The China national football team, nicknamed The Dragon or The Great Wall is the national association football team of the People's Republic of China and is governed by the Chinese Football Association. The team is colloquially referred to as \"Team China\", the \"National Team\" or \"Guózú\".\nThe team was founded in 1924 in the Republic of China and joined FIFA in 1931. Following the Chinese Civil War, the CFA was formed in the newly founded People's Republic of China. They remained affiliated with FIFA until 1958, when they withdrew, but they rejoined in 1979. After the transfer of sovereignty of Hong Kong from the United Kingdom in 1997, and Macau from Portugal in 1999, these two special administrative regions have continued to have their own teams, which play as \"Hong Kong\" and \"Macau, China\", respectively.\nChina have won the East Asian Cup twice in 2005 and 2010, they have been runners-up at the Asian Cup twice in 1984 and 2004. Although China failed to score a goal in their maiden FIFA World Cup appearance in 2002, losing all their matches, just qualifying for the tournament has been considered the greatest accomplishment in their football history.
/m/02cl1	The City and County of Denver is the largest city and the capital of the U.S. state of Colorado. Denver is also the second most populous county in Colorado after El Paso County. Denver is a consolidated city and county located in the South Platte River Valley on the western edge of the High Plains just east of the Front Range of the Rocky Mountains. The Denver downtown district is located immediately east of the confluence of Cherry Creek with the South Platte River, approximately 12 miles east of the foothills of the Rocky Mountains. Denver is nicknamed the Mile-High City because its official elevation is exactly one mile or 5,280 feet above sea level, making it one of the highest major cities in the United States. The 105th meridian west of Greenwich passes through Union Station and is the temporal reference for the Mountain Time Zone.\nWith a 2012 estimated population of 634,265, Denver ranks as the 23rd most populous U.S. city. The 10-county Denver-Aurora-Broomfield, CO Metropolitan Statistical Area had an estimated 2011 population of 2,599,504 and ranked as the 21st most populous U.S. metropolitan statistical area. The 12-county Denver-Aurora-Boulder Combined Statistical Area had an estimated 2011 population of 3,157,520, which ranks as the 16th most populous U.S. metropolitan area. Denver is the most populous city of the Front Range Urban Corridor, an oblong urban region stretching across three states with population of 5,467,633 in 2010. Denver is the most populous city within a 500-mile radius and the 3rd most populous city in the Mountain West and the Southwestern United States after Phoenix, Arizona and El Paso, Texas.
/m/026g73	Bongos are an Afro-Cuban percussion instrument. The drums are of different size: the larger drum is called in Spanish the hembra and the smaller the macho. They are membranophones, or instruments that create sound by a vibration of a stretched membrane.
/m/0g5llry	The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints is a Christian restorationist church that considers itself to be the restoration of the church founded by Jesus Christ. The church is headquartered in Salt Lake City, Utah, and has established congregations and built temples worldwide. According to the church, it has over 80,000 missionaries worldwide and has a membership of over 15 million. It is ranked by the National Council of Churches as the fourth largest Christian denomination in the United States. It is the largest denomination in the Latter Day Saint movement founded by Joseph Smith during the period of religious revival known as the Second Great Awakening.\nAdherents, sometimes referred to as Latter-day Saints or, more informally, Mormons, view faith in Jesus Christ and his atonement as the central tenet of their religion. LDS theology includes the Christian doctrine of salvation only through Jesus Christ, though LDS doctrines regarding the nature of God and the potential of mankind differ significantly from mainstream Christianity. The church has an open canon which includes four scriptural texts: the Bible, the Book of Mormon, the Doctrine and Covenants, and the Pearl of Great Price. Other than the Bible, the majority of the LDS canon constitutes revelation spoken by Joseph Smith and recorded by his scribes which includes commentary and exegesis about the Bible, texts described as lost parts of the Bible, and other works believed to be written by ancient prophets.
/m/037mh8	Philosophy is the study of general and fundamental problems, such as those connected with reality, existence, knowledge, values, reason, mind, and language. Philosophy is distinguished from other ways of addressing such problems by its critical, generally systematic approach and its reliance on rational argument. In more casual speech, by extension, \"philosophy\" can refer to \"the most basic beliefs, concepts, and attitudes of an individual or group\".\nThe word \"philosophy\" comes from the Ancient Greek φιλοσοφία, which literally means \"love of wisdom\". The introduction of the terms \"philosopher\" and \"philosophy\" has been ascribed to the Greek thinker Pythagoras.
/m/0bw20	K-19: The Widowmaker is a 2002 thriller film about the first of many disasters that befell the Soviet submarine of the same name. The film was directed by Kathryn Bigelow, and stars Harrison Ford and Liam Neeson. The screenplay was adapted by Christopher Kyle, based on a story written by Louis Nowra. The film is an international co-production between the United States, the United Kingdom, Germany, and Canada.\nThe film cost $100 million to produce, but gross returns were only $35 million in the United States and $30.5 million internationally. The film was not financed by a major studio, making it one of the most expensive independent films to date. It was filmed in Canada, specifically Toronto, Ontario; Gimli, Manitoba; and Halifax, Nova Scotia.
/m/0xszy	Elizabeth is a city in Union County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, the city had a total population of 124,969, retaining its ranking as New Jersey's fourth largest city. The population increased by 4,401 from the 120,568 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn increased by 10,566 from the 110,002 counted in the 1990 Census. It is the county seat of Union County.\nIn 2008, Elizabeth was named one of \"America's 50 Greenest Cities\" by Popular Science magazine, the only city in New Jersey selected.
/m/05dbf	Nicole Mary Kidman, AC is an Australian actress, singer and film producer. Kidman's breakthrough film role was in the 1989 thriller Dead Calm. Following several films in the early 1990s, she came to worldwide recognition for her performances in Days of Thunder, Far and Away, and Batman Forever. She followed these with other successful films in the late 1990s. Her performance in the musical Moulin Rouge! earned her second Golden Globe Award and first Academy Award nomination for Best Actress. Her performance as Virginia Woolf in the drama film The Hours received critical acclaim and earned Kidman the Academy Award for Best Actress.\nKidman's other notable films include To Die For, Eyes Wide Shut, The Others, Cold Mountain, The Interpreter and Australia. Her performance in 2010's Rabbit Hole earned Kidman further accolades, including a third Academy Award nomination for Best Actress. In 2012, she earned her first Primetime Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Miniseries or a Movie for her role in Hemingway & Gellhorn. Kidman has been a Goodwill Ambassador for UNICEF since 1994 and for UNIFEM since 2006. In 2006, Kidman was made a Companion of the Order of Australia, and was also the highest-paid actress in the motion picture industry. As a result of being born to Australian parents in Hawaii, Kidman has dual citizenship in Australia and the United States. Kidman founded and owns the production company Blossom Films.
/m/04n32	Louis Armstrong, nicknamed Satchmo or Pops, was an American jazz trumpeter and singer from New Orleans, Louisiana.\nComing to prominence in the 1920s as an \"inventive\" trumpet and cornet player, Armstrong was a foundational influence in jazz, shifting the focus of the music from collective improvisation to solo performance. With his instantly recognizable gravelly voice, Armstrong was also an influential singer, demonstrating great dexterity as an improviser, bending the lyrics and melody of a song for expressive purposes. He was also skilled at scat singing.\nRenowned for his charismatic stage presence and voice almost as much as for his trumpet-playing, Armstrong's influence extends well beyond jazz music, and by the end of his career in the 1960s, he was widely regarded as a profound influence on popular music in general. Armstrong was one of the first truly popular African-American entertainers to \"cross over\", whose skin color was secondary to his music in an America that was severely racially divided. He rarely publicly politicized his race, often to the dismay of fellow African-Americans, but took a well-publicized stand for desegregation during the Little Rock Crisis. His artistry and personality allowed him socially acceptable access to the upper echelons of American society that were highly restricted for a black man.
/m/01719t	Ali is a 2001 American biographical film directed by Michael Mann. The film tells the story of the boxer Muhammad Ali, played by Will Smith, from 1964 to 1974 featuring his capture of the heavyweight title from Sonny Liston, his conversion to Islam, criticism of the Vietnam War, banishment from boxing, his return to fight Joe Frazier in 1971, and, lastly, his reclaiming the title from George Foreman in the Rumble in the Jungle fight of 1974. It also discusses the great social and political upheaval in the United States following the assassinations of Malcolm X and Martin Luther King, Jr. during the presidency of Lyndon B. Johnson.
/m/05gjfk	Sandefjord Fotball is a Norwegian professional football club, founded on September 10, 1998. The club plays in the Adeccoligaen. Their home ground is the Komplett.no Arena, located in Sandefjord, Vestfold.\nThe club reached the First Division in 1999, where they made quick progress and soon settled as strong competitors for promotion to the Premier League. Finishing third in the First Division both in 2002 and 2003 they qualified for play-off matches, but lost both times. In 2004 they finished fourth, but the 2005 season finally proved a success, when they placed second and earned automatic promotion to the highest division.\nThe club performed surprisingly well in their first Premier League season, finishing ninth in the table and reaching the cup final. However, the 2007 season was a disaster and they finished last and were relegated to the Adeccoligaen.\nAfter a poor start to the 2008 season in the Adeccoligaen, Sandefjord recovered strongly to finish second and qualify for automatic promotion to Tippeligaen. In the 2009 season Sandefjord Fotball finished at eight place, their strongest performance in Tippeligaen to date. In 2010 Sandefjord Fotball were relegated to the Adeccoligaen.
/m/0k2mxq	James Pickens, Jr. is an American actor. He is best known for his starring role as Dr. Richard Webber on the ABC medical drama television series Grey's Anatomy, and for his supporting role as Deputy Director Alvin Kersh on later seasons of the Fox Network science fiction series The X-Files.
/m/09ykwk	Christopher David Patton is an American voice actor who works at Funimation and Seraphim Digital. He has provided voices for a number of English-language versions of Japanese anime series. He is an alumnus of the University of Houston.\nPatton has also been in over 55 live productions, and has lent his voice to commercials, audio books, video games, narration, and eLearning software projects.
/m/018gz8	A comedian or comic, is a person who seeks to entertain an audience, primarily by making them laugh. This might be through jokes or amusing situations, or acting a fool, as in slapstick, or employing prop comedy. A comedian who addresses an audience directly is called a stand-up comic.\nA popular saying, variously quoted but generally attributed to Ed Wynn, is, \"A comic says funny things; a comedian says things funny\", which draws a distinction between how much of the comedy can be attributed to verbal content and how much to acting and persona.\nSince the 1980s, a new wave of comedy, called alternative comedy, has grown in popularity with its more offbeat and experimental style. This normally involves more experiential, or observational reporting, e.g. Alexei Sayle, Daniel Tosh, Louis C.K. and Malcolm Hardee. As far as content is concerned, comedians such as Tommy Tiernan, Des Bishop, and Joan Rivers draw on their background to poke fun at themselves, while others such as Jon Stewart, and Ben Elton have very strong political and cultural undertones. Contemporary comedians include Conan O'Brien Many comics achieve a cult following while touring famous comedy hubs such as the Just for Laughs festival in Montreal, the Edinburgh Fringe, and Melbourne Comedy Festival in Australia. Often a comic's career advances significantly when they win a notable comedy award, such as the Edinburgh Comedy Award. Comics sometimes foray into other areas of entertainment, such as film and television, where they become more widely known; e.g., Eddie Izzard or Charlyne Yi. However, a comic's stand-up success does not guarantee a film's critical or box office success.
/m/0383f	Gioachino Antonio Rossini was an Italian composer who wrote 39 operas as well as sacred music, chamber music, songs, and some instrumental and piano pieces.\nHis best-known operas include the Italian comedies Il barbiere di Siviglia and La Cenerentola and the French-language epics Moïse et Pharaon and Guillaume Tell. A tendency for inspired, song-like melodies is evident throughout his scores, which led to the nickname \"The Italian Mozart\".\nUntil his retirement in 1829, Rossini had been the most popular opera composer in history.
/m/0l56b	Todd McFarlane is a screenwriter and film producer.
/m/0rk71	Naples is a city in Collier County, Florida, United States. As of July 1, 2007, the U.S. Census Bureau estimated the city's population at 21,653. Naples is a principal city of the Naples-Marco Island, Florida Metropolitan Statistical Area, which had an estimated total population of 315,839 on July 1, 2007. Although Naples is officially the county seat of Collier County, the courthouse is located in East Naples. Naples, Florida is one of the wealthiest cities in the United States, with the 6th highest per capita income in America, and the second highest proportion of millionaires per capita in the US. Real estate is amongst the most expensive in the country, with houses on sale for in excess of $40 million.
/m/0lhql	St. Petersburg is a city in Pinellas County, Florida, United States. As of the 2010 census, the population was 244,769, making St. Petersburg the fourth most populous city in the state of Florida and the largest city in Florida that is not a county seat. St. Petersburg is the second largest city in the Tampa Bay Area, composed of roughly 2.8 million residents, making it the second largest Metropolitan Statistical Area in the state. It is also a popular vacation destination for both American and foreign tourists.\nThe city is often referred to by locals as St. Pete. Neighboring St. Pete Beach formally shortened its name in 1994 after a vote by its residents. St. Pete is governed by a mayor and city council. The city is also colloquially known as The Burg.\nThe city is located on a peninsula between Tampa Bay and the Gulf of Mexico. It is connected to mainland Florida to the north; with the city of Tampa to the east by causeways and bridges across Tampa Bay; and to Bradenton in the south by the Sunshine Skyway Bridge, which traverses the mouth of the bay. It is also served by Interstates 175 and 375, which branch off I-275 into the southern and northern areas of downtown respectively. The Gandy Bridge, conceived by George Gandy and opened in 1924, was the first causeway to be built across Tampa Bay, connecting St. Petersburg and Tampa cities without a circuitous 43-mile trip around the bay through Oldsmar.
/m/01nn6c	Nicholas Berkeley \"Nick\" Mason is an English musician and composer, best known as the drummer of Pink Floyd. He is the only constant member of the band since its formation in 1965. Despite solely writing only a few Pink Floyd songs, Mason has co-written some of Pink Floyd's most popular compositions such as \"Echoes\" and \"Time\".\nMason is the only Pink Floyd member to be featured on every one of their albums. It is estimated that as of 2010, the group have sold over 250 million records worldwide, including 74.5 million units sold in the United States.\nHe competes in auto racing events, such as the 24 Hours of Le Mans.\nOn 26 November 2012, Mason received an Honorary Doctor of Letters from the University of Westminster at the presentation ceremony of the School of Architecture and Built Environment.
/m/01hx2t	Oregon State University is a coeducational, public research university located in Corvallis, Oregon, United States. The university offers undergraduate, graduate, doctoral degrees and a multitude of research opportunities. There are more than 200 academic degree programs offered through the university. OSU's programs in microbiology, nuclear engineering, ecology, forestry, public health, biochemistry, zoology, oceanography, food science and pharmacy are recognized nationally as top tier programs. The OSU's liberal arts programs have also grown significantly and the department is considered a \"cornerstone\" of the institution. More than 200,000 people have attended OSU since its founding. The Carnegie Foundation classifies Oregon State University as part of its top tier of research institutions.\nAs of 2008, OSU is one of 73 land-grant universities. The school is also recognized as a sea-grant, space-grant and sun-grant institution, making it one of only two US institutions to obtain all four designations and the only public university to do so. OSU receives more funding for research, annually, than all other public higher education institutions in Oregon combined.
/m/06whf	Samuel Barclay Beckett was an Irish avant-garde novelist, playwright, theatre director, and poet, who lived in Paris for most of his adult life and wrote in both English and French. His work offers a bleak, tragicomic outlook on human nature, often coupled with black comedy and gallows humour.\nBeckett is widely regarded as among the most influential writers of the 20th century. He is considered one of the last modernists. As an inspiration to many later writers, he is also sometimes considered one of the first postmodernists. He is one of the key writers in what Martin Esslin called the \"Theatre of the Absurd\". His work became increasingly minimalist in his later career.\nBeckett was awarded the 1969 Nobel Prize in Literature \"for his writing, which—in new forms for the novel and drama—in the destitution of modern man acquires its elevation\". He was elected Saoi of Aosdána in 1984.
/m/0r5lz	San Luis Obispo is a city in the U.S. state of California, located roughly midway between Los Angeles and San Francisco on the Central Coast. Founded in 1772 by Spanish Franciscan Junípero Serra, San Luis Obispo is one of California's oldest communities. The city, locally referred to as San Luis, SLO, or SLO Town is the county seat of San Luis Obispo County and is adjacent to California Polytechnic State University. The population was 45,119 at the 2010 census. The population of San Luis Obispo County was 269,637 in 2010.
/m/027f2w	Doctor of Medicine is a terminal degree for physicians and surgeons. In some countries it is a professional doctorate where training is entered after obtaining between 90 and 120 credit hours of university level work and in most cases after obtaining a bachelor's degree. In other countries, such as India, Ireland, and the United Kingdom; M.D. is a research degree which is equivalent to a Ph.D.. In Britain, Ireland, Australia, New Zealand, Singapore, India, and many British Commonwealth nations, the medical degree is instead the MBBS and M.D. is a higher level of attainment.
/m/0hj6h	Peshawar, also known as Pekhawar, is the capital and largest city of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, and the administrative centre and economic hub for the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan. Peshawar is situated in a large valley near the eastern end of the Khyber Pass, close to the Pak-Afghan border. Known as \"City on the Frontier\", Peshawar's strategic location on the crossroads of Central Asia and South Asia has made it one of the most culturally vibrant and lively cities in the greater region. Peshawar is irrigated by various canals of the Kabul River and by its right tributary, the Bara River.\nPeshawar has now evolved into one of Pakistan's most ethnically and linguistically diverse cities. In the last three decades, there has been a significant increase in urban population, in part due to internal migration of people in search of better employment opportunities, education, and services, and in part because of the influx of Afghans and other people displaced by military operations and civil unrest in neighbouring regions. Peshawar is the major educational, political and business center of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.
/m/06ntj	Sport is all forms of usually competitive physical activity which, through casual or organised participation, aim to use, maintain or improve physical ability and skills while providing entertainment to participants, and in some cases, spectators. Hundreds of sports exist, from those requiring only two participants, through to those with hundreds of simultaneous participants, either in teams or competing as individuals.\nSport is generally recognised as activities which are based in physical athleticism or physical dexterity, with the largest major competitions such as the Olympic Games admitting only sports meeting this definition, and other organisations such as the Council of Europe using definitions precluding activities without a physical element from classification as sports. However, a number of competitive, but non-physical, activities claim recognition as mind sports. The International Olympic Committee recognises both chess and bridge as bona fide sports, and SportAccord, the international sports federation association, recognises five non-physical sports, although limits the amount of mind games which can be admitted as sports.\nSports are usually governed by a set of rules or customs, which serve to ensure fair competition, and allow consistent adjudication of the winner. Winning can be determined by physical events such as scoring goals or crossing a line first, or by the determination of judges who are scoring elements of the sporting performance, including objective or subjective measures such as technical performance or artistic impression.
/m/0j298t8	The AACTA Award for Best Adapted Screenplay is an award presented by the Australian Academy of Cinema and Television Arts, for an Australian screenplay \"based on material previously released or published\". Prior to the establishment of the Academy in 2011, the award was presented by the Australian Film Institute at the annual Australian Film Institute Awards. It was first handed out in 1978 when the award for Best Screenplay was split into two categories: Best Original Screenplay and Best Adapted Screenplay. The award has since been presented intermittently from 1978–1979, 1983–1987, 1989, 1993–2003, 2005–2006, and then from 2008–present.
/m/063t3j	James Hillier Blount, better known by his stage name James Blunt, is an English singer-songwriter, musician and former army captain. He had signed with EMI before securing a recording contract with Atlantic Records and Custard Records.\nBlunt rose to prominence in 2004 with the release of his debut studio album Back to Bedlam, before achieving worldwide fame with the singles \"You're Beautiful\" and \"Goodbye My Lover\". The album sold over 11 million copies worldwide, topping the UK Albums Chart and peaking at number two in the US. Blunt's second album, All the Lost Souls, which was released in 2007, topped the charts in over 20 countries and produced the hit single \"1973\". His third album, Some Kind of Trouble, was released in 2010, after its lead single Stay the Night. A deluxe edition was released the following year, titled Some Kind of Trouble: Revisited. In 2013, he released his fourth album, Moon Landing, which was preceded by the lead single \"Bonfire Heart\", which peaked at number four in the UK Singles Chart following promotion on The One Show and The Graham Norton Show, as well as receiving extensive radio airplay.\nBlunt has sold over 20 million albums worldwide, with his debut album, Back to Bedlam, being listed as the best selling album of the 2000s in the UK. He has received several awards and nominations, having won two Brit Awards, two MTV Video Music Awards, two Ivor Novello Awards as well as receiving five Grammy Award nominations.
/m/06w99h3	Rango is a 2011 American computer-animated action comedy western film directed by Gore Verbinski and produced by Graham King. Rango was a critical and commercial success, and won the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature.\nIn the film, Rango, a chameleon, accidentally ends up in the town of Dirt, an outpost that is in desperate need of a new sheriff. It features the voices of actors Johnny Depp, Isla Fisher, Bill Nighy, Abigail Breslin, Alfred Molina, Harry Dean Stanton, Ray Winstone, Timothy Olyphant, Stephen Root and Ned Beatty. It was released to theaters on March 4, 2011.
/m/025ygws	The 2003 Major League Baseball season ended when the Florida Marlins defeated the New York Yankees in a six game 2003 World Series. The Detroit Tigers set the American League record for losses in a season, with 119, and the Marlins became the first team to win the championship twice as a wild card.
/m/015c4g	Robert Selden Duvall is an American actor and director. He has won an Academy Award, two Emmy Awards, four Golden Globe Awards and a BAFTA over the course of his career.\nA veteran actor, Duvall has starred in some of the most acclaimed and popular films and TV shows of all time, among them The Twilight Zone, The Outer Limits, To Kill a Mockingbird, THX 1138, \"Colors\", Joe Kidd, The Godfather, The Godfather Part II, MASH, Network, The Apostle, True Grit, The Conversation, Apocalypse Now, Falling Down, Tender Mercies, The Natural and Lonesome Dove.\nHe began appearing in theater during the late 1950s, moving into television and film roles during the early 1960s in such works as To Kill a Mockingbird and Captain Newman, M.D.. He landed many of his most famous roles during the early 1970s with films like the blockbuster comedy MASH and the lead in George Lucas' THX 1138, as well as Duvall's own favorite, Horton Foote's adaptation of William Faulkner's Tomorrow, a project developed at The Actors Studio. This was followed by a series of critically lauded performances in films which were also commercial successes.
/m/0f0z_	Moscow is a city in northern Idaho, situated along the Washington/Idaho border, with a population of 23,800 at the 2010 census. The county seat and largest city of Latah County, Moscow is the home of the University of Idaho, the land grant institution and primary research university for the state, as well as the home of New Saint Andrews College.\nMoscow is the principal city in the Moscow, Idaho Micropolitan Statistical Area, which includes Latah County. The city contains over 60% of the county's population and while the university is the dominant employer in Moscow, the city also serves as an agricultural and commercial hub for the Palouse region. Moscow is the birthplace of coach Hec Edmundson, writer Carol Ryrie Brink, singer Josh Ritter, and composer Zae Munn.\nAlong with the rest of northern Idaho, Moscow resides in the Pacific Time Zone, and the elevation of its city center is 2,579 feet above sea level. Major highways serving the city are US-95 and Highway 8, both of which are routed through central Moscow. Limited commercial air service is four miles west at the Pullman-Moscow Regional Airport.
/m/0k29f	John Lindley Byrne is a British-born comic-book writer and artist of comic books. Since the mid-1970s, Byrne has worked on many major American superheroes.\nByrne's better-known work has been on Marvel Comics’ X-Men and Fantastic Four and the 1986 relaunch of DC Comics’ Superman franchise. Coming into the comics profession exclusively as a penciler, Byrne began co-plotting the X-Men comics during his tenure on them, and launched his writing career in earnest with Fantastic Four. During the 1990s he produced a number of creator-owned works, including Next Men and Danger Unlimited. He scripted the first issues of Mike Mignola's Hellboy series and produced a number of Star Trek comics for IDW Publishing.
/m/03_2y	John Woo SBS is a Hong Kong film director, writer, and producer. He is considered a major influence on the action genre, known for his highly chaotic action sequences, Mexican standoffs, and frequent use of slow-motion. Woo has directed several notable Hong Kong action films, among them, A Better Tomorrow, The Killer, Hard Boiled, and Red Cliff. His Hollywood films include Hard Target, Broken Arrow, Face/Off and Mission: Impossible II. He also created the comic series Seven Brothers, published by Virgin Comics. Woo was described by Dave Kehr in The Observer in 2002 as \"arguably the most influential director making movies today\". Woo cites his three favorite films as David Lean's Lawrence of Arabia, Akira Kurosawa's Seven Samurai and Jean-Pierre Melville's Le Samouraï.
/m/03f_jk	Lasker~DeBakey Clinical Medical Research Award is awarded by the Lasker Foundation for the understanding, diagnosis, prevention, treatment, and cure of disease. The award was renamed in 2008 in honor of Michael E. DeBakey. It was previously known as the Albert Lasker Award for Clinical Medical Research.
/m/03dctt	Priyadarshan Soman Nair is an Indian film director, producer, and screenwriter. In a career spanning almost three decades, Priyadarshan has directed over 80 films in several Indian languages including Malayalam, Hindi, Tamil, and Telugu. Though he began his career in Malayalam cinema in 1984, Priyadarshan has been mainly active in Hindi cinema for 2001-2010. However, in 2013, he announced Rangrezz would be his last Hindi film for a while; and he is shifting focus to Malayalam Cinema.\nBest known for his comedy films, Priyadrshan has also tried his hand at action and thriller films from time to time. His collaborations with Mohanlal were highly popular in Malayalam cinema during the 1980s and 1990s, with films such as Poochakkoru Mookkuthi, Mazha Peyyunnu Maddalam Kottunnu, Thalavattam, Vellanakalude Nadu, Chithram, Vandanam, Kilukkam, ;Abhimanyu, Mithunam, Thenmavin Kombath, and Kala Pani. Actors he has worked with over several films include Kuthiravattam Pappu, Jagathy Sreekumar, Nedumudi Venu, Sreenivasan, Sukumari, Mukesh and Mammukoya.\nPriyadarshan was one of the first directors in India to introduce rich color grading, clear sound and quality dubbing through his early Malayalam films. Upon entering Bollywood, he has mostly adapted stories from popular comedy films from Malayalam cinema, some from his own work and some from others. These include Hera Pheri, Hungama, Hulchul, Garam Masala, Bhagam Bhag, Chup Chup Ke, Dhol, and Bhool Bhulaiyaa. Actors he has worked with multiple times in Hindi cinema include Tabu, Paresh Rawal, Akshay Kumar, Akshaye Khanna, and Suniel Shetty.
/m/02xcb6n	The Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing for a Drama Series is awarded to one television episode each year at the Primetime Emmy Awards. Often regarded as the highest honor that can be bestowed upon an individual episode of television, the nominees and winners often reflect outstanding achievement in character, emotion, and storytelling.\nIn the following list, the first titles listed in gold are the winners; those not in gold are nominees, which are listed in alphabetical order. The years given are those in which the ceremonies took place.
/m/0cfgd	Deep Purple are an English rock band formed in Hertford in 1968. They are considered to be among the pioneers of heavy metal and modern hard rock, although their musical approach changed over the years. Originally formed as a progressive rock band, the band's sound shifted to hard rock in 1970. Deep Purple, together with Led Zeppelin and Black Sabbath, have been referred to as the \"unholy trinity of British hard rock and heavy metal in the early to mid-Seventies\". They were listed in the 1975 Guinness Book of World Records as \"the globe's loudest band\" for a 1972 concert at London's Rainbow Theatre, and have sold over 100 million albums worldwide, including 8 million certified units in the US.\nThe band has gone through many line-up changes and an eight-year hiatus. The 1968–1976 line-ups are commonly labelled Mark I, II, III and IV. Their second and most commercially successful line-up featured Ian Gillan, Jon Lord, Roger Glover, Ian Paice, and Ritchie Blackmore. This line-up was active from 1969 to 1973, and was revived from 1984 to 1989, and again from 1992 to 1993. The band achieved more modest success in the intervening periods between 1968 and 1969 with the line-up including Rod Evans and Nick Simper, between 1974 and 1976 with the line-up including David Coverdale and Glenn Hughes, and between 1989 and 1992 with the line-up including Joe Lynn Turner. The band's line-up has been much more stable in recent years, although organist Jon Lord's retirement from the band in 2002 left Ian Paice as the only original Deep Purple member still in the band.
/m/025rsfk	Copper is a chemical element with the symbol Cu and atomic number 29. It is a ductile metal with very high thermal and electrical conductivity. Pure copper is soft and malleable; a freshly exposed surface has a reddish-orange color. It is used as a conductor of heat and electricity, a building material, and a constituent of various metal alloys.\nThe metal and its alloys have been used for thousands of years. In the Roman era, copper was principally mined on Cyprus, hence the origin of the name of the metal as сyprium, later shortened to сuprum. Its compounds are commonly encountered as copper salts, which often impart blue or green colors to minerals such as azurite and turquoise and have been widely used historically as pigments. Architectural structures built with copper corrode to give green verdigris. Decorative art prominently features copper, both by itself and as part of pigments.\nCopper is essential to all living organisms as a trace dietary mineral because it is a key constituent of the respiratory enzyme complex cytochrome c oxidase. In molluscs and crustacea copper is a constituent of the blood pigment hemocyanin, which is replaced by the iron-complexed hemoglobin in fish and other vertebrates. The main areas where copper is found in humans are liver, muscle and bone. Copper compounds are used as bacteriostatic substances, fungicides, and wood preservatives.
/m/02s838	Dorchester is a historic neighborhood of over six square miles in Boston, Massachusetts, United States. The town was founded by Puritans who emigrated from Dorchester, England in 1630. This dissolved municipality, Boston's largest neighborhood by far, is often divided by city planners in order to create two planning areas roughly equivalent in size and population to other Boston neighborhoods. It is named after the town of Dorchester in the English county of Dorset, from which Puritans emigrated on the ship Mary and John, among others and is today sometimes nicknamed \"Dot\" by its residents. Dorchester, now covering a geographic area approximately equivalent to the city of Cambridge, Massachusetts, was founded a few months before the city of Boston in 1630. It was still a primarily rural town and had a population of 12,000 when it was annexed to Boston in 1870. Railroad and streetcar lines brought rapid growth, increasing the population to 150,000 by 1920. In the 2010 Census the population was 92,115, although the city's previously mentioned artificial planning boundaries make the neighborhood's population size difficult to assess - it is likely closer to 120,000. Dorchester as a separate municipality would rank among the top five Massachusetts cities. It has a very diverse mix of Eastern Europeans, African Americans, European Americans, Irish American immigration, Caribbean Americans, Latinos, and East and Southeast Asian Americans. Recently, there has been an influx of young professionals, gay people, and working artists to the neighborhood, adding to its diversity.
/m/0hsqf	Seoul — officially the Seoul Special City — is the capital and largest metropolis of South Korea. A megacity with a population of more than 10 million, it is the largest city proper in the developed world. The Seoul Capital Area, which includes the surrounding Incheon metropolis and Gyeonggi province, is the world's second largest metropolitan area with over 25.6 million people, home to over half of South Koreans along with 632,000 international residents.\nSituated on the Han River, Seoul's history stretches back more than 2,000 years when it was founded in 18 BCE by Baekje, one of the Three Kingdoms of Korea. It continued as the capital of Korea under the Joseon Dynasty and the Korean Empire. The Seoul metropolitan area contains four UNESCO World Heritage Sites: Changdeok Palace, Hwaseong Fortress, Jongmyo Shrine and the Royal Tombs of the Joseon Dynasty. Seoul is surrounded by mountains, the tallest being Mt. Bukhan, the world's most visited national park per square foot. Modern landmarks include the iconic N Seoul Tower, Lotte World, the world's second largest indoor theme park, and Moonlight Rainbow Fountain, the world's longest bridge fountain. The birthplace of K-pop and the Korean Wave, Seoul was voted the world's most wanted travel destination by Chinese, Japanese and Thai tourists for three consecutive years in 2009–2011 with over 10 million international visitors in 2012.
/m/07zhd7	Adolph Deutsch was a composer, conductor and arranger. He was born in London, England.\nIn 1914, Deutsch was \"a Buffalo movie house musician\", accompanying silent films. Deutsch began his composing career on Broadway in the 1920s and 1930s before working for Hollywood films beginning in the late 1930s. For Broadway, he orchestrated Irving Berlin's As Thousands Cheer and George and Ira Gershwin's Pardon My English.\nDeutsch won Oscars for his background music for Oklahoma!, and for conducting the music for Seven Brides for Seven Brothers and Annie Get Your Gun. He was nominated for The Band Wagon and the 1951 film version of Show Boat, for which he conducted the orchestra. For Broadway and Hollywood, he conducted, composed and arranged music, but did not write songs, not even for the Broadway shows on which he worked. In addition to his music for westerns and his conducting of the scores for musicals, Deutsch composed for films noir, including The Mask of Dimitrios, The Maltese Falcon, and Nobody Lives Forever, and the Billy Wilder comedies Some Like It Hot, and The Apartment.\nHe retired in 1961 and died in 1980 at his home in Palm Desert, California.
/m/03vyh	An instrumental is a musical composition or recording without vocals. The opposite of instrumental music is a cappella.
/m/0brddh	Revathi is an Indian actress and film director. She has acted in over 100 films majorly in Tamil and Malayalam. She has also directed feature films, and has acted in and produced multiple television programs. She has won several accolades, including three National Film Awards in three different categories, and six Filmfare Awards South.
/m/017wh	Brandenburg is one of the sixteen federal-states of Germany. The capital is Potsdam.\nIt lies in the east of the country and is one of the federal states that was re-created in 1990 upon the reunification of the former West Germany and East Germany. Brandenburg surrounds but does not include the national capital and city-state Berlin.\nOriginating in the medieval Northern March, the Margraviate of Brandenburg grew to become the core of the Kingdom of Prussia, which would later become the Free State of Prussia. The eastern third of historic Brandenburg was ceded to Poland in 1945.
/m/0cc5qkt	War Horse is a 2011 war drama film directed by Steven Spielberg. It is an adaptation of British author Michael Morpurgo's 1982 children's novel of the same name set before and during World War I.\nThe film's cast includes Jeremy Irvine, Emily Watson, David Thewlis, Tom Hiddleston, Benedict Cumberbatch, Eddie Marsan, Toby Kebbell, David Kross and Peter Mullan. The film is produced by Spielberg and Kathleen Kennedy, and executive produced by Frank Marshall and Revel Guest. Long-term Spielberg collaborators Janusz Kamiński, Michael Kahn, Rick Carter and John Williams all worked on the film.\nProduced by DreamWorks Pictures and released through Disney's Touchstone Pictures label, War Horse became a box office success and was met with positive reviews. The film was nominated for six Academy Awards including Best Picture, two Golden Globe Awards and five BAFTAs.
/m/016gkf	Sir Peter Alexander Ustinov, CBE was an English actor, writer and dramatist. He was also renowned as a filmmaker, theatre and opera director, stage designer, author, screenwriter, comedian, humorist, newspaper and magazine columnist, radio broadcaster and television presenter. A noted wit and raconteur, he was a fixture on television talk shows and lecture circuits for much of his career. He was also a respected intellectual and diplomat who, in addition to his various academic posts, served as a Goodwill Ambassador for UNICEF and President of the World Federalist Movement.\nUstinov was the winner of numerous awards over his life, including two Academy Awards for Best Supporting Actor, Emmy Awards, Golden Globes and BAFTA Awards for acting, a Grammy Award for best recording for children, as well as the recipient of governmental honours from, amongst others, the United Kingdom, France and Germany. He displayed a unique cultural versatility that has frequently earned him the accolade of a Renaissance man. Miklós Rózsa, composer of the music for Quo Vadis and of numerous concert works, dedicated his String Quartet No. 1, Op. 22 to Ustinov.
/m/022840	American Indian Wars is the name used in the United States to describe the multiple conflicts between American settlers or the federal government and the native peoples of North America from the time of earliest colonial settlement until approximately 1890. The wars resulted as the arrival of European colonists continuously led to population pressure as settlers expanded their territory, generally pushing indigenous people westward. Many conflicts were local, involving disputes over land use, and some entailed cycles of reprisal. Particularly in later years, conflicts were spurred by ideologies such as Manifest Destiny, which held that the United States was destined to expand from coast to coast on the American continent. A main driver of many of these conflicts was the policy of Indian removal, which was a planned, large scale removal of indigenous peoples from the areas where Europeans were settling, either by armed conflict or through sale or exchange of territory through treaties.
/m/0jsqk	The Heiress is a 1949 American drama film directed by William Wyler and starring Olivia de Havilland as Catherine Sloper, Montgomery Clift as Morris Townsend, and Ralph Richardson as Dr. Sloper. Written by Ruth and Augustus Goetz, adapted from their 1947 play The Heiress. The play was suggested by the 1880 novel Washington Square by Henry James. The film is about a young naive woman who falls in love with a handsome young man, despite the objections of her emotionally abusive father who suspects the man of being a fortune hunter.
/m/0h3lt	Huntington Beach is a seaside city in Orange County in Southern California. The city is named after American businessman Henry E. Huntington. According to the 2010 census, the city population was 189,992; making it the largest beach city in Orange County in terms of population. The estimate for 2012 shows that the population is 189,707. It is bordered by the Pacific Ocean on the southwest, by Seal Beach on the northwest, by Costa Mesa on the east, by Newport Beach on the southeast, by Westminster on the north, and by Fountain Valley on the northeast.\nHuntington Beach is known for its long 9.5-mile stretch of sandy beach, mild climate, excellent surfing, and beach culture. The ocean waves are enhanced by a natural effect caused by the edge-diffraction of open ocean swells around the island of Catalina. Swells generated predominantly from the North Pacific in winter and from a combination of Southern Hemisphere storms and hurricanes in the summer focus on Huntington Beach creating consistent surf all year long, thus the nickname \"Surf City, USA\".
/m/01gbn6	Kevin Delaney Kline is an American stage and film actor. He is a 2003 American Theatre Hall of Fame inductee.\nKline began his career on stage in 1972 with The Acting Company. He went on to win two Tony Awards for his work in Broadway musicals, winning Best Featured Actor in a Musical for the 1978 original production of On the Twentieth Century and Best Actor in a Musical for the 1981 revival of The Pirates of Penzance. His other stage roles include Falstaff in the 2003 Broadway production of Henry IV, for which he won the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Actor in a Play.\nHe made his film debut in 1982, opposite Meryl Streep in Sophie's Choice. For his role in the 1988 comedy hit A Fish Called Wanda, he won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor. He has also been nominated for an Emmy Award, two BAFTA Awards and five Golden Globe Awards. His other films include The Big Chill, Cry Freedom, Dave, The Ice Storm, In & Out and De-Lovely.
/m/05f67hw	Throughout the 1980s, Miami, Florida, was at the center of a racial and cultural shift taking place throughout the country. Overwhelmed by riots and tensions, Miami was a city in flux, and the University of Miami football team served as a microcosm for this evolution. The image of the predominantly white university was forever changed when coach Howard Schnellenberger scoured some of the toughest ghettos in Florida to recruit mostly black players for his team. With a newly branded swagger, inspired and fueled by the quickly growing local Miami hip hop culture, these Hurricanes took on larger-than-life personalities and won four national titles between 1983 and 1991. Filmmaker Billy Corben, a Miami native and University of Miami alum, will tell the story of how these “Bad Boys” of football changed the attitude of the game they played, and how this serene campus was transformed into “The U.
/m/06w38l	Philip Yordan was an American screenwriter of the 1940s, 1950s and 1960s who also produced several films. He was also known as a highly regarded script doctor. Born to Polish immigrants, he earned a bachelor's degree at the University of Illinois and a law degree at Chicago-Kent College of Law.\nSome of his films include The Chase, Whistle Stop, House of Strangers, Houdini, Broken Lance, Johnny Guitar, The Big Combo, The Harder They Fall, The Bravados and God's Little Acre. He worked several times in collaboration with independent producer Samuel Bronston and contributed to the screenplays of such films as King of Kings, El Cid, 55 Days at Peking, The Fall of the Roman Empire and Circus World.
/m/09bg4l	Harry S. Truman is an author.
/m/01v42g	Jason Iain Flemyng is an English actor.\nFlemyng is known for his film work, which has included roles in British films such as Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels and Snatch, both for Guy Ritchie, as well as Hollywood productions such as Rob Roy along with the Alan Moore comic book adaptations From Hell and The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen. He has also appeared in prominent roles in both theatre and television in the UK. Flemyng can speak fluent French, and has made three films in that language. He won the Best Actor Award at the Geneva Film Festival for his role in 1996's Alive and Kicking.
/m/0cqnss	The Music Man is a 1962 musical film starring Robert Preston as Harold Hill and Shirley Jones as Marian Paroo. The film is based on the 1957 Broadway musical of the same name by Meredith Willson. The film was one of the biggest hits of the year and highly acclaimed critically.\nIn 2005, The Music Man was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant\".
/m/06lbpz	A social problem film is a narrative film that integrates a larger social conflict into the individual conflict between its characters. Like many film genres, the exact definition is often in the eye of the beholder, but Hollywood did produce and market a number of topical films in the 1930s and by the 1940s, the term \"social problem\" or \"message\" film was conventional in its usage among the film industry and the public.
/m/03cx282	Philippe Rousselot is a French director of photography.\nRousselot was born in Briey, Meurthe-et-Moselle, France. After having studied cinema at l'École Louis Lumière, he graduated in 1966 with, among others, François About, Eduardo Serra, Noël Very, and Jean-François Robin. He began as an assistant to Nestor Almendros, then quickly emerged as chief operator, leading to his career. He collaborated, in particular, with Jean-Jacques Beineix, Alain Cavalier, Jean-Jacques Annaud, Robert Redford, Stephen Frears, Patrice Chéreau, Bertrand Blier, and Tim Burton on Planet of the Apes, Big Fish, and Charlie and the Chocolate Factory.\nHe won the 1992 Academy Award for Best Cinematography for his work on A River Runs Through It and earned three César Awards, in 1982 for Diva, in 1987 for Thérèse and in 1995 for Queen Margot.\nWith Beineix and Diva, he worked successfully to make photographic aesthetics a central element of the filming process, developing a photographic light \"effect\" and creating a timeless, almost unreal atmosphere, which would become his trademark as in the films of Bertrand Blier. He tried to achieve this effect in 1997 with The Serpent's Kiss.
/m/0q307	The Mughal Empire, self-designated as Gurkani, was an empire extending over large parts of the Indian subcontinent and ruled by a dynasty of Chagatai-Turkic origin.\nIn the early 16th century, northern India, being then under mainly Muslim rulers, fell to the superior mobility and firepower of the Mughals. The resulting Mughal Empire did not stamp out the local societies it came to rule, but rather balanced and pacified them through new administrative practices and diverse and inclusive ruling elites, leading to more systematic, centralised, and uniform rule. Eschewing tribal bonds and Islamic identity, especially under Akbar, the Mughals united their far-flung realms through loyalty, expressed through a Persianised culture, to an emperor who had near-divine status. The Mughal state's economic policies, deriving most revenues from agriculture and mandating that taxes be paid in the well-regulated silver currency, caused peasants and artisans to enter larger markets. The relative peace maintained by the empire during much of the 17th century was a factor in India's economic expansion, resulting in greater patronage of painting, literary forms, textiles, and architecture. Newly coherent social groups in northern and western India, such as the Marathas, the Rajputs, and the Sikhs, gained military and governing ambitions during Mughal rule, which, through collaboration or adversity, gave them both recognition and military experience. Expanding commerce during Mughal rule gave rise to new Indian commercial and political elites along the coasts of southern and eastern India. As the empire disintegrated, many among these elites were able to seek and control their own affairs.
/m/07sb1	Tartu is the second largest city of Estonia, following Estonia's political and financial capital Tallinn, Tartu is often considered the intellectual centre of the country, especially since it is home to the nation's oldest and most renowned university, the University of Tartu. The city also houses the Supreme Court of Estonia and the Ministry of Education and Research. Situated 186 kilometres southeast of Tallinn, Tartu is the centre of southern Estonia and lies on the Emajõgi, which connects the two largest lakes of Estonia. The city is served by Tartu Airport.\nThe ancient Estonian fortress of Tarbatu was founded in the 5th century AD. Historical names for the city include German Dorpat and Russian Yuryev and Derpt.
/m/05h72z	John Eliot Sturges was an American film director. His movies include Bad Day at Black Rock, Gunfight at the O.K. Corral, The Magnificent Seven, The Great Escape and Ice Station Zebra. The Great Escape was entered into the 3rd Moscow International Film Festival. He was not related to director Preston Sturges.
/m/082fr	West Germany is the common English name for the Federal Republic of Germany or FRG in the period between its creation in May 1949 to German reunification on 3 October 1990. This period is referred to as the Bonn Republic by historians.\nDuring this period, the NATO-aligned West Germany and the socialist East Germany were divided by the Inner German border. After 1961, West Berlin was physically separated from East Berlin as well as from East Germany by the Berlin Wall. This situation ended when East Germany was dissolved and its five states joined the ten states of the Federal Republic of Germany along with the reunified city-state of Berlin. The enlarged Federal Republic of Germany with sixteen states is thus the continuation of the pre-1990 Federal Republic of Germany.\nThe Federal Republic of Germany was established from eleven states formed in the three Allied Zones of occupation held by the United States, the United Kingdom and France. Its population grown from roughly 51 million in 1950 to more than 63 million in 1990. The city of Bonn was its de facto capital city. The fourth Allied occupation zone was held by the Soviet Union. The parts of this zone lying east of the Oder-Neisse were in fact annexed by the Soviet Union and communist Poland; the remaining central part around Berlin became the communist German Democratic Republic with its de facto capital in East Berlin. As a result, West Germany had a territory about half the size of the interwar democratic Weimar Republic.
/m/08720	WarGames is a 1983 American Cold War science-fiction film written by Lawrence Lasker and Walter F. Parkes and directed by John Badham. The film stars Matthew Broderick, Dabney Coleman, John Wood, and Ally Sheedy.\nThe film follows David Lightman, a young hacker who unwittingly accesses WOPR, a United States military supercomputer programmed to predict possible outcomes of nuclear war. Lightman gets WOPR to run a nuclear war simulation, originally believing it to be a computer game. The simulation causes a national nuclear missile scare and nearly starts World War III.\nThe film was a box office success, costing US$12 million, and grossing $79,567,667 after five months in the United States and Canada. The film was nominated for three Academy Awards. A sequel, WarGames: The Dead Code, was released direct to DVD on July 29, 2008.
/m/014hr0	The London Symphony Orchestra, founded in 1904, is the oldest of London's symphony orchestras. It was set up by a group of players who left Henry Wood's Queen's Hall Orchestra because of a new rule requiring players to give the orchestra their exclusive services. The LSO itself later introduced a similar rule for its members. From the outset the LSO was organised on co-operative lines, with all players sharing the profits at the end of each season. This practice continued for the orchestra's first four decades.\nThe LSO underwent periods of eclipse in the 1930s and 1950s when it was regarded as inferior in quality to new London orchestras, to which it lost players and bookings: the BBC Symphony Orchestra and the London Philharmonic in the 1930s and the Philharmonia and Royal Philharmonic after the Second World War. The profit-sharing principle was abandoned in the post-war era as a condition of receiving public subsidy for the first time. In the 1950s the orchestra debated whether to concentrate on film work at the expense of symphony concerts; many senior players left when the majority of players rejected the idea. By the 1960s the LSO had recovered its leading position, which it has retained subsequently. In 1966, to perform alongside it in choral works, the orchestra established the LSO Chorus, originally a mix of professional and amateur singers, later a wholly amateur ensemble.
/m/0m_h6	Love Is a Many-Splendored Thing is a 1955 American drama-romance film. Set in 1949–50 in Hong Kong, it tells the story of a married, but separated, American reporter Mark Elliot, who falls in love with a Eurasian doctor Han Suyin originally from China, only to encounter prejudice from her family and from Hong Kong society.\nThe movie was adapted by John Patrick from the 1952 autobiographical novel A Many-Splendoured Thing by Han Suyin. The film was directed by Henry King.\nThe movie later inspired a television soap opera in 1967, though without the hyphen in the show's title.
/m/02vnz	Espionage or spying involves a government or individual obtaining information considered secret or confidential without the permission of the holder of the information. Espionage is inherently clandestine, as it is taken for granted that it is unwelcome and, in many cases illegal and punishable by law. It is a subset of intelligence gathering, which otherwise may be conducted from public sources and using perfectly legal and ethical means. It is crucial to distinguish espionage from intelligence gathering, as the latter does not necessarily involve espionage, but often collates open-source information.\nEspionage is often part of an institutional effort by a government or commercial concern. However, the term is generally associated with state spying on potential or actual enemies primarily for military purposes. Spying involving corporations is known as industrial espionage.\nOne of the most effective ways to gather data and information about the enemy is by infiltrating the enemy's ranks. This is the job of the spy. Spies can bring back all sorts of information concerning the size and strength of an enemy army. They can also find dissidents within the enemy's forces and influence them to defect. In times of crisis, spies can also be used to steal technology and to sabotage the enemy in various ways. Counterintelligence operatives can feed false information to enemy spies, protecting important domestic secrets, and preventing attempts at subversion. Nearly every country has very strict laws concerning espionage, and the penalty for being caught is often severe. However, the benefits that can be gained through espionage are generally great enough that most governments and many large corporations make use of it to varying degrees.
/m/01t7n9	A state senator is a member of a state's Senate, the upper house in the bicameral legislature of 49 U.S. states, or a legislator in Nebraska's one house State Legislature.\nThere are typically fewer state senators than there are members of a state's lower house. In the past, this meant that senators represented various geographic regions within a state, regardless of the population, as a way of balancing the power of the lower house, which was apportioned according to population. This changed in 1963 when the Supreme Court of the United States ruled that state legislatures must apportion seats in both houses according to population. A state senator's job is to represent the people at a higher level than a State Representative.
/m/05fly	New South Wales (abbreviated as NSW), is Australia's most populous state, and is located in the south-east of the country, north of Victoria, south of Queensland, east of South Australia, west of Jervis Bay Territory and encompasses the whole of the Australian Capital Territory. The colony of New South Wales was founded in 1788 and originally comprised much of the Australian mainland, as well as Van Diemen's Land, Lord Howe Island and Norfolk Island in addition to the area currently referred to as the state of New South Wales, which was formed during Federation in 1901.\n\nInhabitants of New South Wales are referred to as New South Welsh or New South Welshmen. New South Wales's largest city and capital is Sydney.\n\nNew South Wales produces roughly one third (33%) of Australia's grape crush. With 3/4 of that being from the large inland irrigation region of the Riverina in the Murray Darling river basin. \n\nGrapes cuttings were brought with the First Fleet in 1788, several failed attempts at planting vineyards in the early settlements. It was not until Scottish born statesman James Busby first successfully planted vines in the Hunter Valley of NSW  that the Australian wine industry got off to a start. His vines were collected over a period of three months travelling through Spain and France in 1831. The unique Australian nomenclature of Shiraz, to represent the Syrah vine dates back to the original Hermitage vine cuttings Busby collected in his travels. \n\nAustralia doesn't apply strict appellation laws, varieties may be grown in any region and declared on the label. The label integrity law stipulates that 85% of the finished wine in the bottle must originate from the variety declared and the region stated on either the front or back label.
/m/04f525m	Summit Entertainment LLC is an American film studio and a subsidiary of Lions Gate Entertainment headquartered in Universal City, California with international offices in London.
/m/01vw8k	Troy is a 2004 British-Maltese epic war film written by David Benioff and directed by Wolfgang Petersen. It is based on Homer's Iliad which revolves from the beginning and to the end of the 10 year Trojan War. Achilles leading his Myrmidons along with the rest of the Greek army invading the historical city of Troy, lead by Hector's Trojan army. The ending of the film is not taken from the Iliad as the ending of the Iliad was based on Hector's death and funeral burial.\nThe film features an ensemble cast that includes Brad Pitt, Eric Bana, Orlando Bloom, Diane Kruger, Saffron Burrows, Sean Bean, Brian Cox, Brendan Gleeson, Rose Byrne, Vincent Regan, Garrett Hedlund, Tyler Mane, and Peter O'Toole. The film made it into the \"Best of Warner Bros - 50 Film Collection. It was also nominated for 11 awards. It won 2 at the 2005 ASCAP Film and Television Music Awards which were: Top Box Office Film — James Horner and the 2005 Teen Choice Awards and the Choice Movie Actor – Drama/Action Adventure — Brad Pitt. The Achilles-Hector rivalry was ranked #50 in the 50 Greatest Movie rivalries by Total Film.\nTroy made more than 73% of its revenues outside the U.S. Eventually, Troy made over US$497 million worldwide, placing it temporarily in the #60 spot of top box office hits of all time and currently holds #120 spot of the top box office hits of all time.
/m/032ft5	The Ninety-fourth United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, composed of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, DC from January 3, 1975 to January 3, 1977, during the administration of U.S. President Gerald Ford.\nThe apportionment of seats in this House of Representatives was based on the Nineteenth Census of the United States in 1970. Both chambers had a Democratic majority.
/m/017w_	The City Municipality of Bremen is a Hanseatic city in northwestern Germany. A commercial and industrial city with a major port on the River Weser, Bremen is part of the Bremen/Oldenburg Metropolitan Region. Bremen is the second most populous city in Northern Germany and tenth in Germany.\nBremen is some 60 km south from the Weser mouth on the North Sea. With Bremerhaven right on the mouth the two comprise the state of the Free Hanseatic City of Bremen.
/m/0gry51	Jules White was a Hungarian-born American film director and producer best known for his short-subject comedies starring the Three Stooges.
/m/0151ns	Milla Jovovich is an American model, actress, musician, and fashion designer. She has appeared in numerous science fiction and action-themed films, earning her the sobriquet \"reigning queen of kick-butt\" from the music channel VH1 in 2006.\nIn 1987 Jovovich began modeling at the age of 12 when Herb Ritts photographed her for the cover of the Italian magazine Lei. Richard Avedon featured her in Revlon's \"Most Unforgettable Women in the World\" advertisements, and she also starred in campaigns for major companies. In 1988, Jovovich had her first acting role in the television film, The Night Train to Kathmandu, and that year also appeared in her first feature film, Two Moon Junction.\nJovovich gained attention for her role in the explicit 1991 romance film Return to the Blue Lagoon, as she was then only 16. She was considered to have a breakthrough with her role alongside Bruce Willis and Gary Oldman in the 1997 science-fiction film The Fifth Element, directed by Luc Besson. She and Besson married that year but soon divorced. She starred as the heroine and martyr in Besson's The Messenger: The Story of Joan of Arc.
/m/017yxq	Michael Thomas \"Tom\" Green is a Canadian actor, writer, comedian, producer, director, talk show host, and media personality. Best known for his shock humour brand of comedy, Green found mainstream prominence via his MTV television show The Tom Green Show. Green was also in the public eye for his short-lived marriage to actress Drew Barrymore, and for his roles in such films as Freddy Got Fingered, Road Trip, Stealing Harvard and Charlie's Angels. Green is also a testicular cancer survivor.\nIn June 2003, Green served as a guest-host on Late Show with David Letterman which led to him hosting his own late-night talk show on MTV entitled The New Tom Green Show. From 2006–2011, he hosted his internet talk show Tom Green's House Tonight from his living room and, as of January 2010, has started performing stand-up comedy. As of October 2013, Green is the host of the live weekly talk-show Tom Green Live on AXS TV.
/m/02gw_w	Croydon is a large town in South London, England, in the London Borough of Croydon. 9.5 miles south of Charing Cross. It is identified in the London Plan as one of 11 metropolitan centres in Greater London.\nCroydon lies on a transport corridor between central London and the south coast of England, to the north of two gaps in the North Downs, one followed by the A23 Brighton Road through Purley and Merstham and the main railway line and the other by the A22 from Purley to the M25 Godstone interchange.\nHistorically a part of Surrey, at the time of the Norman conquest of England, Croydon had a church, a mill, and around 365 inhabitants, as recorded in the Domesday Book of 1086. Croydon expanded during the Middle Ages as a market town and a centre for charcoal production, leather tanning and brewing. The Surrey Iron Railway from Croydon to Wandsworth opened in 1803 and was the world's first public railway. Later nineteenth century railway building facilitated Croydon's growth as a commuter town for London. By the early 20th century, Croydon was an important industrial area, known for car manufacture, metal working and its airport. In the mid 20th century these sectors were replaced by retailing and the service economy, brought about by massive redevelopment which saw the rise of office blocks and the Whitgift shopping centre. Croydon was amalgamated into Greater London in 1965. Road traffic is now diverted away from a largely pedestrianised town centre, and its main railway station, East Croydon, is a major hub of the national railway transport system. The town is expected to see changes as part of Croydon Vision 2020, an urban planning initiative.
/m/0p8jf	Michael Chabon is an American author and \"one of the most celebrated writers of his generation,\" according to The Virginia Quarterly Review.\nChabon's first novel, The Mysteries of Pittsburgh, was published when he was 25 and catapulted him to literary celebrity. He followed it with a second novel, Wonder Boys, and two short-story collections. In 2000, Chabon published The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier & Clay, a critically acclaimed novel that John Leonard, in a 2007 review of a later novel, called Chabon's magnum opus. It received the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 2001.\nHis novel The Yiddish Policemen's Union, an alternate history mystery novel, was published in 2007 to enthusiastic reviews and won the Hugo, Sidewise, Nebula and Ignotus awards; his serialized novel Gentlemen of the Road appeared in book form in the fall of that same year. Chabon's most recent novel, Telegraph Avenue, published in 2012 and billed as \"a twenty-first century Middlemarch\", concerns the tangled lives of two families in the Bay Area of San Francisco in the year 2004.\nHis work is characterized by complex language, the frequent use of metaphor along with recurring themes, including nostalgia, divorce, abandonment, fatherhood, and most notably issues of Jewish identity. He often includes gay, bisexual, and Jewish characters in his work. Since the late 1990s, Chabon has written in an increasingly diverse series of styles for varied outlets; he is a notable defender of the merits of genre fiction and plot-driven fiction, and, along with novels, he has published screenplays, children's books, comics, and newspaper serials.
/m/0154gx	Mississauga is a city in Southern Ontario, Canada. It lies on the shores of Lake Ontario, located in the Regional Municipality of Peel, in the western part of the Greater Toronto Area. The city has a population of 713,443 as of the Canada 2011 Census, and is Canada's sixth-most populous municipality.\nInitially developed as a suburb of Toronto, Mississauga's growth is attributed to its proximity to that city. It is the largest suburb in Anglo-America by population. However, as the city ran out of vacant lands, the city shifted its focus to building a full-fledged downtown core while shaping its new identity as a distinct city from Toronto. Residents of the city are called Mississaugans and Saugans.\nThe city is placed first overall in 'mid-sized cities of the future' by financial publication fDi Magazine for North and South American cities, placing first in business friendliness, second in economic potential, and fourth in infrastructure and foreign direct investment strategy. Mississauga was also rated as Canada's 11th best city to live in terms of prosperity according to MoneySense magazine. It is the fourth most walkable large city in Canada according to Walk Score. Toronto Pearson International Airport, Canada's busiest airport is located in the city, and it is the location of several major corporate headquarters for Canada, such as Walmart Canada, Target Canada, Microsoft and General Electric.
/m/0d9rp	Utrecht is a province of the European country Netherlands. It is located in the centre of this country and in terms of area the smallest of the twelve provinces.\nUtrecht borders the Eemmeer in the north, the province of Gelderland in the east, the river Rhine in the south, the province of South Holland in the west and the province of North Holland in the northwest.\nMain cities in this province are, apart from its capital which is also called Utrecht, Amersfoort, Houten, Nieuwegein, Veenendaal and Zeist.\nIn the International Organization for Standardization world region code system Utrecht makes up one region with code ISO 3166-2:NL-UT.
/m/03cmsqb	All About Steve is a 2009 American comedy film directed by Phil Traill that stars Sandra Bullock, Thomas Haden Church, and Bradley Cooper as the titular Steve. The film was almost universally panned by critics and is the winner of two Golden Raspberry Awards.
/m/01vhb0	Anne Celeste Heche is an American actress. She has had leading roles in two theatrically released films, Six Days Seven Nights and Return to Paradise, as well as many supporting roles in films such as I Know What You Did Last Summer, Volcano, John Q, Donnie Brasco, Spread, and Cedar Rapids. She also starred in the television series Men in Trees, Hung, and most recently Save Me.
/m/02y0js	A stroke, sometimes referred to as a cerebrovascular accident, cerebrovascular insult, or colloquially brain attack is the rapid loss of brain function due to disturbance in the blood supply to the brain. This can be due to ischemia caused by blockage, or a hemorrhage. As a result, the affected area of the brain cannot function, which might result in an inability to move one or more limbs on one side of the body, inability to understand or formulate speech, or an inability to see one side of the visual field.\nA stroke is a medical emergency and can cause permanent neurological damage and death. Risk factors for stroke include old age, high blood pressure, previous stroke or transient ischemic attack, diabetes, high cholesterol, tobacco smoking and atrial fibrillation. High blood pressure is the most important modifiable risk factor of stroke. It is the second leading cause of death worldwide.\nAn ischemic stroke is occasionally treated in a hospital with thrombolysis, and some hemorrhagic strokes benefit from neurosurgery. Treatment to recover any lost function is termed stroke rehabilitation, ideally in a stroke unit and involving health professions such as speech and language therapy, physical therapy and occupational therapy. Prevention of recurrence may involve the administration of antiplatelet drugs such as aspirin and dipyridamole, control and reduction of high blood pressure, and the use of statins. Selected patients may benefit from carotid endarterectomy and the use of anticoagulants.
/m/0s2z0	Quincy, known as Illinois' \"Gem City,\" is a river city along the Mississippi River and the county seat of Adams County, Illinois, United States. As of the 2000 census the city held a population of 40,366. During the 19th Century, Quincy was a thriving transportation center as riverboats and rail service linked the city to many destinations west and along the river. It was once Illinois' second-largest city, surpassing Peoria in 1870. The city holds several historic districts, including the Downtown Quincy Historic District and the South Side German Historic District showcasing the architecture of Quincy's many German immigrants from the late-19th century.\nToday, Quincy remains a prominent river city. It has been twice recognized as an All-American City and is a participant in the Tree City USA program. In the fall of 2010, Forbes Magazine listed Quincy as the eighth \"Best small city to raise a family.\"
/m/02c_wc	Sayyida Shabana Azmi is an Indian actress of film, television and theatre. An alumna of the Film and Television Institute of India of Pune, she made her film debut in 1974 and soon became one of the leading actresses of Parallel Cinema, an Indian New Wave movement known for its serious content and neo-realism. Regarded as one of the finest actresses in India, Azmi's performances in films in a variety of genres have generally earned her praise and awards, which include a record of five wins of the National Film Award for Best Actress and several international honours. She has also received four Filmfare Awards.\nAzmi has appeared in over 120 Hindi films in both mainstream and independent cinema, and since 1988 she has acted in several foreign projects. In addition to acting, Azmi is a social and women's rights activist, a Goodwill Ambassador of the United Nations Population Fund, and a member of the Rajya Sabha, the upper house of the Indian parliament. She is married to Indian poet and screenwriter Javed Akhtar.
/m/02klny	The University of Toledo, commonly referred to as Toledo or UT, is a public research university located in Toledo, Ohio, United States. The university also operates a 450-acre Health Science campus, also known as the University of Toledo Medical Center, in the West Toledo neighborhood of Toledo; a 160-acre satellite campus in the Scott Park neighborhood of Toledo; the Center for the Visual Arts is located in downtown Toledo at the Toledo Museum of Art; and a research and education facility, known as the The Lake Erie Center, is at the Maumee Bay State Park.\nThe university was founded in 1872 in downtown Toledo as the Toledo University of Arts and Trades. The first would eventually be turned over to the city of Toledo and reopened in 1884 as the Toledo Manual Training School and developed from a vocational school into a university through the late 1800s. The university moved to its current location in the Ottawa neighborhood in 1931. Since its establishment, the university has physically expanded to include more than 100 major buildings with a combined area of more 1,400 acres and transformed its academic program from a vocational and secondary education into a comprehensive research university, known for its curriculum in the science, engineering, and medical fields. Toledo has over 100,000 living alumni and has a current enrollment of over 20,000 students. The university has a vibrant campus life, with over 300 student organizations. Its athletic teams, called the Rockets, are members of the Mid-American Conference.
/m/02h22	Das Boot is a 1981 German epic war film written and directed by Wolfgang Petersen, produced by Günter Rohrbach, and starring Jürgen Prochnow, Herbert Grönemeyer, and Klaus Wennemann. It has been exhibited both as a theatrical release and as a TV miniseries, and in several different home video versions of various running times.\nDas Boot is an adaption of the 1973 German novel of the same name by Lothar-Günther Buchheim. Set during World War II, the film tells the fictional story of U-96 and its crew. It depicts both the excitement of battle and the tedium of the fruitless hunt, and shows the men serving aboard U-boats as ordinary individuals with a desire to do their best for their comrades and their country. The screenplay used an amalgamation of exploits from the real U-96, a Type VIIC-class U-boat.\nDevelopment for Das Boot began in 1979. Several American directors were considered three years earlier before the film was shelved. During the film's production, Heinrich Lehmann-Willenbrock, the captain of the real U-96 and one of Germany's top U-boat \"tonnage aces\" during the war, and Hans-Joachim Krug, former first officer on U-219, served as consultants. One of Petersen's goals was to guide the audience through \"a journey to the edge of the mind\", showing \"what war is all about\".
/m/01rwpj	Sexy Beast is a 2000 British crime film written by Louis Mellis and David Scinto, directed by Jonathan Glazer in his directorial debut, who had previously directed music videos and commercials for companies such as Guinness and Levi's. The film stars Ray Winstone, Ben Kingsley and Ian McShane.\nThe film earned Kingsley an Oscar nomination for Best Supporting Actor. In 2004 the magazine Total Film named Sexy Beast the 15th greatest British film of all time.
/m/05tgks	Maid in Manhattan is a 2002 romantic comedy film directed by Wayne Wang about a hotel maid and a high profile politician who fall in love starring Jennifer Lopez, Ralph Fiennes, and Natasha Richardson. It is based on a story by John Hughes who is credited using a pseudonym. The original music score is composed by Alan Silvestri. The film was released on December 13, 2002.
/m/0f5zj6	Hrithik Roshan is an Indian film actor known for his versatility and work ethic in addition to great dramatic range. After small appearances as a child in several films throughout the 1980s, Roshan made his film debut in a leading role in Kaho Naa... Pyaar Hai in 2000. His performance in the film earned him Filmfare Awards for Best Actor and Best Male Debut. He followed it with leading roles in Fiza and Mission Kashmir and the multi-star blockbuster Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham.\nFollowing through with several unnoticed performances from 2002 to 2003, he starred in the blockbusters Koi... Mil Gaya and its sequel Krrish, both of which won him numerous Best Actor awards. Roshan received his third Filmfare Award for Best Actor in 2006 for his performance in the action film Dhoom 2, and his fourth for Jodhaa Akbar for which he was also awarded at the Golden Minbar International Film Festival. He later received further acclaim for his work in Guzaarish, and critical and commercial success with Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara, Agneepath and Krrish 3, his biggest commercial success so far. He has thus established himself as a leading contemporary actor of Indian Cinema.
/m/08vr94	Kristen Carroll Wiig is an American actress, comedian, and writer who is best known for her work as a cast member on the NBC sketch comedy series Saturday Night Live from 2005 to 2012. She was a member of the improvisational comedy troupe The Groundlings, and has appeared in several television series and films, including Bridesmaids, MacGruber, Flight of the Conchords, Adventureland, Paul, The Secret Life of Walter Mitty, and Arrested Development. Her voice acting credits include Ruffnut in How to Train Your Dragon, Miss Hattie in Despicable Me, Lucy Wilde in Despicable Me 2 and Lola Bunny in the series The Looney Tunes Show. In 2011, Wiig co-wrote and starred in the 2011 comedy film, Bridesmaids, which earned her a Golden Globe Award nomination for Best Actress – Musical/Comedy, as well as nominations for the Academy Award and BAFTA for Best Original Screenplay. She has also garnered four consecutive nominations for an Emmy Award as an Outstanding Supporting Actress for her roles on Saturday Night Live.
/m/0crfwmx	Secret of the Wings is a 2012 computer-animated comedy film, based on the Disney Fairies franchise, produced by DisneyToon Studios. It revolves around Tinker Bell, a fairy character created by J. M. Barrie in his play, Peter Pan, or The Boy Who Wouldn't Grow Up, and featured in subsequent adaptations, especially in Disney's animated works. Secret of the Wings is the fourth film in this series. In the film, Tinker Bell ventures into the forbidden world and discovers a frost fairy named Periwinkle. Starring the voices of Mae Whitman, Lucy Liu, Megan Hilty, Raven-Symoné and Angela Bartys, it also features new cast members who include Matt Lanter, Timothy Dalton, Lucy Hale and Debby Ryan. Anjelica Huston narrates.
/m/03_vx9	Evan Rachel Wood is an American actress and singer. She began acting in the 1990s, appearing in several television series, including American Gothic and Once and Again. Wood made her début as a leading film actress at the age of nine in Digging to China and became well known after her transition to a more adult-oriented Golden Globe-nominated role in the teen drama film Thirteen.\nWood continued acting mostly in independent films, including Pretty Persuasion, Down in the Valley, Running with Scissors, and in the big studio production Across the Universe. Since 2008, Wood has appeared in more mainstream films, including The Wrestler, Whatever Works and The Ides of March. She has also returned to television, playing the supporting role of Queen Sophie-Anne on True Blood from 2009 to 2011 and playing Kate Winslet's daughter in the HBO miniseries Mildred Pierce, a role for which she was nominated for the Golden Globe and Emmy Award for Best Supporting Actress.\nWood has been described by The Guardian as \"one of the best actresses of her generation.\" Her personal life, particularly her relationship with Marilyn Manson, to whom she was previously engaged, has attracted press attention. In 2012 she married English actor Jamie Bell.
/m/07sbk	The Chemical Brothers are a British electronic music duo composed of Tom Rowlands and Ed Simons originating in Manchester in 1991. Along with The Prodigy, Fatboy Slim, The Crystal Method, and fellow acts, they were pioneers at bringing the big beat genre to the forefront of pop culture. In the UK, they have had five number one albums and 13 top 20 singles, including two number ones.\nThe duo have won a number of awards throughout their career, including four Grammy Awards—twice for Best Electronic/Dance Album, and in 2000 won the Brit Award for Best British Dance Act.
/m/01sgmd	Cairns is a regional city in the far north of Queensland, Australia, founded 1876. The city was named after William Wellington Cairns, then-current Governor of Queensland. It was formed to serve miners heading for the Hodgkinson River goldfield, but experienced a decline when an easier route was discovered from Port Douglas. It later developed into a railhead and major port for exporting sugar cane, gold and other metals, minerals and agricultural products from surrounding coastal areas and the Atherton Tableland region. As of June 2012, the population is approximately 142,528.\nCairns is located about 1,700 km from Brisbane, and about 2,700 km from Sydney by road. It is a popular travel destination for foreign tourists because of its tropical climate. It serves as a starting point for people wanting to visit the Great Barrier Reef and Far North Queensland.
/m/06mr6	Sir Thomas Sean Connery Kt. is a Scottish actor and producer who has won an Academy Award, two BAFTA Awards and three Golden Globes. He was knighted by Elizabeth II in July 2000, and received the Kennedy Center Honors in the US.\nConnery is best known for portraying the character James Bond, starring in seven Bond films between 1962 and 1983. In 1988, Connery won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role in The Untouchables. His film career also includes such films as Marnie, The Name of the Rose, The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, The Hunt for Red October, Highlander, Murder on the Orient Express, Dragonheart, and The Rock.\nConnery has been polled as \"The Greatest Living Scot\" and \"Scotland's Greatest Living National Treasure\". In 1989, he was proclaimed \"Sexiest Man Alive\" by People magazine and in 1999, at age 69, he was voted \"Sexiest Man of the Century\".
/m/0db94w	The Host is a 2006 South Korean monster film, directed by Bong Joon-ho. This movie is a combination of a blockbuster plot and political commentary. Members of the cast are Song Kang-ho, Byun Hee-bong, Park Hae-il, Bae Doona and Go Ah-sung. The film sometimes deals with the implications of the American military presence in Korea.\nFirst, the movie starts with the scene of American military pathologists dumping over 200 bottles of formaldehyde into the sewer system, leading into the Han River. Over the next few years, a strange amphibious monster emerges from Han River and attacks people at random. The monster snatches up the protagonist’s daughter and returns to its hideout under Wonhyo Bridge. Her family tries to rescue her from the monster to the indifference of people, going through all kinds of hardships. According to the director, his inspiration came from a local article about a deformed fish with an S-shaped spine caught in Han River. The Host had set a new Korean box office record by reaching 10 million tickets in just 21 days. In addition, it was ranked one of the top films of 2007 on Metacritic with a score of 85. In November 2008, it was announced that Universal Studios would be remaking The Host.
/m/01n7qlf	Elizabeth Ann Guttman, better known by her stage names of Elizabeth Daily and E.G. Daily, is an American voice actress, actress, musician and singer, who is best known for voicing Tommy Pickles in Rugrats and its spin-off All Grown Up!, Buttercup in The Powerpuff Girls, Rudy Tabootie in ChalkZone, and Isbael Dizzy Flores in Rougnecks: Starship Trooper Chronicles. She also provided the title role in the live-action feature film Babe: Pig in the City, replacing Rugrats co-star Christine Cavanaugh.
/m/04rwx	The Massachusetts Institute of Technology is a private research university in Cambridge, Massachusetts known traditionally for research and education in the physical sciences and engineering, and more recently in biology, economics, linguistics, and management as well.\nFounded in 1861 in response to the increasing industrialization of the United States, the institute used a polytechnic university model and stressed laboratory instruction. MIT's early emphasis on applied technology at the undergraduate and graduate levels led to close cooperation with industry. Curricular reforms under Karl Compton and Vannevar Bush in the 1930s emphasized basic science. MIT was elected to the Association of American Universities in 1934. Researchers worked on computers, radar, and inertial guidance during World War II and the Cold War. Post-war defense research contributed to the rapid expansion of the faculty and campus under James Killian. The current 168-acre campus opened in 1916 and extends over 1 mile along the northern bank of the Charles River basin.\nToday, the Institute comprises various academic departments with a strong emphasis on scientific, engineering, and technological education and research. It has five schools and one college, which contain a total of 32 departments. Eighty-one Nobel laureates, 52 National Medal of Science recipients, 45 Rhodes Scholars, and 38 MacArthur Fellows have been affiliated with the university. It is one of the most selective higher learning institutions, and received 18,109 undergraduate applicants for the class of 2016—only admitting 1,620, an acceptance rate of 8.95%.
/m/04mjl	The Los Angeles Dodgers are a professional baseball team located in Los Angeles, California. The Dodgers are members of the National League West division of Major League Baseball. Established in 1883, the team originated in Brooklyn, New York, where it was known by a number of nicknames before becoming the Brooklyn Dodgers definitively by 1932. The team moved to Los Angeles before the 1958 season. They played their first four seasons in Los Angeles at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum before moving to their current home of Dodger Stadium, the third-oldest ballpark in Major League Baseball.\nThe Dodgers have won six World Series titles and 21 National League pennants. Eight Cy Young Award winners have pitched for the Dodgers, winning a total of eleven Cy Young Awards. The team has also produced 12 Rookie of the Year Award winners, including four consecutive from 1979–1982 and five consecutive from 1992–1996, the longest consecutive streaks in Major League Baseball.
/m/0bq2g	Gwyneth Kate Paltrow is an American actress, singer, and food writer. She made her acting debut on stage in 1990 and started appearing in films in 1991. After appearing in several films throughout the decade, Paltrow gained early notice for her work in films such as Seven and Emma.\nFollowing the films Sliding Doors and A Perfect Murder, Paltrow garnered worldwide recognition through her performance in Shakespeare in Love, for which she won an Academy Award for Best Actress, a Golden Globe Award and two Screen Actors Guild Awards, for Outstanding Lead Actress and as a member of the Outstanding Cast. She also won an Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series in 2011 for her role as Holly Holliday on the Fox hit TV show Glee in the episode \"The Substitute\". In April 2013, Gwyneth was named \"Most Beautiful Woman\" by People Magazine.\nPaltrow has portrayed supporting as well as lead roles in films such as The Talented Mr. Ripley, The Royal Tenenbaums, Shallow Hal, and Proof, for which she earned a Golden Globe nomination as Best Actress in Motion Picture Drama. Since 2008 she has portrayed Pepper Potts, the love interest of Iron Man in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, in Iron Man, Iron Man 2, The Avengers, and Iron Man 3. Paltrow has been the face of Estée Lauder's Pleasures perfume since 2005.
/m/02bkg	Diving is the sport of jumping or falling into water from a platform or springboard, sometimes while performing acrobatics. Diving is an internationally-recognized sport that is part of the Olympic Games. In addition, unstructured and non-competitive diving is a recreational pastime.\nDiving is one of the most popular Olympic sports with spectators. Competitors possess many of the same characteristics as gymnasts and dancers, including strength, flexibility, kinaesthetic judgment and air awareness. Some professional divers were originally gymnasts or dancers as both the sports have similar characteristics to diving.
/m/05_zc7	Govinda is an Indian actor and a former politician. Govinda has received twelve Filmfare Awards nominations winning two Filmfare Awards including a Special Jury Award and he has also won four Zee Cine Awards .\nMaking his debut in Ilzaam in 1986, he has appeared in over 140 Hindi films of the Bollywood industry. In June 1999, Govinda was voted as the tenth greatest star of stage or screen of the last thousand years by BBC News Online users.\nHis earlier films in the 1980s were in a variety of genres such as family drama, action and romantic. In 1990s, he gained recognition as a comic actor after playing a mischievous young NCC cadet in the romantic movie Shola Aur Shabnam opposite the late Divya Bharti. He played leading roles in several commercially successful comedy films in the 1990s such as Aankhen, Raja Babu, Coolie No. 1, Hero No. 1 and Haseena Maan Jaayegi. He received the Filmfare Best Comedian Award for Haseena Maan Jayegi and Filmfare Special Award for Saajan Chale Sasural. He has successfully played dual roles in several movies like Gentleman, Jaan Se Pyaara, Aankhen, Hathkadi, Bade Miyan Chote Miyan, Anari No.1, Waah! Tera Kya Kehna and Sandwich . Apart from double roles, he has also successfully played six roles of his own family in Hadh Kar Di Aapne, one being Raju and others being Raju's mom, Raju's dad, Raju's sister, Raju's Grandmother and Raju's Grandfather.
/m/015p3p	Harry Dean Stanton is an American actor, musician, and singer. Stanton's career has spanned over fifty years, which has seen him star in such films as Paris, Texas, Kelly's Heroes, Dillinger, Alien, Repo Man, Pretty In Pink, The Last Temptation of Christ, Wild at Heart, The Green Mile and The Pledge. In the late 2000s, he played a recurring role in the HBO television series Big Love.
/m/0dy6c9	Tours Football Club is a French association football club based in Tours, the capital city of the Indre-et-Loire department. The club was formed in 1919 and currently play in Ligue 2, the second level of French football. Tours plays its home matches at the Stade de la Vallée du Cher located within the city. The team is managed by Bernard Blaquart and captained by midfielder Thomas Gamiette.
/m/02qy3py	Murali was an Indian actor and author. He mainly appeared in Malayalam and Tamil films. He won the National Award for Best Actor for his portrayal of a communist freedom fighter and professional weaver in the film Neythukaran. He was also a stage actor and television actor. He was known for his powerful portrayal of character roles, lead roles, and negative roles. His last film was Aadhavan.\nBesides acting, he was the chairman of the Kerala Sangeetha Nataka Academy from 2006 until his death. He also authored five books, and was also a Sangeetha Nataka Academy award winner. He contested the 1999 Lok Sabha polls as a communist candidate without success. He was also the Director of the CPI promoted television company Malayalam Communications, which runs Malayalam TV channels Kairali TV, People TV and WE TV.\nHe started his film career playing villain roles and soon turned into a character actor. The 1992 film Aadhaaram, in which he played the lead role, gave a 'break' to his career. The film was well received in the box office and Murali ascended to the status of a star in Malayalam film, which he enjoyed for a couple of years.
/m/03z2rz	The Kazakhstan national football team represents Kazakhstan in international men's association football and is directed by Football Federation of Kazakhstan. They split from the Soviet Union national football team after independence in 1991 and joined the Asian Football Confederation's Central and South Asian Football Federation. After failing to qualify for the 1998 and 2002 FIFA World Cup they joined UEFA, but are yet to qualify for a World Cup or UEFA European Championship.\nSince 2011 they have been managed by Serik Marotovitch.
/m/04qw17	Vera Drake is a 2004 British drama film written and directed by Mike Leigh, telling the story of a working-class woman in London in 1950 who performs illegal abortions. It won the Golden Lion at the Venice Film Festival and it was nominated for three Academy Awards and won three BAFTAs.
/m/01hqhm	Magnolia is a 1999 American drama film written, produced, and directed by Paul Thomas Anderson, narrated by Ricky Jay, and starring Jeremy Blackman, Tom Cruise, Philip Baker Hall, Philip Seymour Hoffman, William H. Macy, Julianne Moore, John C. Reilly, Jason Robards in his last feature film appearance, and Melora Walters. The film is a mosaic of interrelated characters in search of happiness, forgiveness, and meaning in the San Fernando Valley.\nMagnolia was a critical success. Of the ensemble cast, Tom Cruise was nominated for Best Supporting Actor at the 72nd Academy Awards, and won the award in the same category at the Golden Globes of 2000. Anderson has stated, \"I really feel... That Magnolia is, for better or worse, the best movie I'll ever make.\"
/m/0j1_3	Java is an island of Indonesia. With a population roughly equal to Russia as of 2014, Java is the world's most populous island, and one of the most densely populated places in the world. Java is the home of 57 percent of the Indonesian population. The Indonesian capital city, Jakarta, is located on western Java. Much of Indonesian history took place on Java. It was the center of powerful Hindu-Buddhist empires, the Islamic sultanates, and the core of the colonial Dutch East Indies. Java was also the center of the Indonesian struggle for independence during the 1930s and 40s. Java dominates Indonesia politically, economically and culturally.\nFormed mostly as the result of volcanic eruptions, Java is the 13th largest island in the world and the fifth largest island in Indonesia. A chain of volcanic mountains forms an east-west spine along the island. It has three main languages, though Javanese is dominant, and it is the native language of about 60 million people in Indonesia, most of whom live on Java. Most of its residents are bilingual, with Indonesian as their first or second languages. While the majority of the people of Java are Muslim, Java has a diverse mixture of religious beliefs, ethnicities, and cultures.
/m/02p3my	Shimla, also known as Simla, is the capital city of the Indian state of Himachal Pradesh, located in northern India. It is bounded by Mandi and Kullu in the north, Kinnaur in the east, the state of Uttarakhand in the south-east, and Solan and Sirmaur to the south. The elevation of the city ranges from 300 to 2200 metres. Shimla is well known as a hub for India's tourism sector. It is among the top 10 preferred entrepreneurial locations in India.\nIn 1864, Shimla was declared as the summer capital of British India, succeeding Murree, northeast of Rawalpindi. After independence, the city became the capital of Punjab and was later named the capital of Himachal Pradesh. Shimla came into existence from 1st Sept,1972 on the reorganisation of the districts of the state. After the reorganisation, the erstwhile Mahasu district and its major portion was merged with Shimla. Its name has been derived from the goddess Shyamala Devi, an incarnation of the Hindu goddess Kali. As of 2011 Shimla comprises 19 erstwhile hill states mainly Balson, Bushahr, Bhaji and Koti, Darkoti, Tharoch & Dhadi, Kumharsain, Khaneti & Delath, Dhami, Jubbal, Keothal, Madhan, Rawingarh, Ratesh, and Sangri.
/m/018vbf	The 1982 Lebanon War, called Operation Peace for Galilee by Israel, and later known in Israel as the Lebanon War and First Lebanon War, began on 6 June 1982, when the Israel Defense Forces invaded southern Lebanon. The Government of Israel launched the military operation after the Abu Nidal Organization's assassination attempt against Israel's ambassador to the United Kingdom, Shlomo Argov, which was used by Israel's prime minister Menachem Begin as justification for the invasion. This justification for the Lebanon invasion by Israel has been criticized given the 1974 split between the Abu Nidal Organisation and Arafat's PLO, that Abu Nidal was Arafat's mortal Palestinian enemy, that at the time its agents were also seeking to assassinate Fatah officials, and that it was based in Syria and not in Lebanon.\nBy expelling the Palestine Liberation Organization, removing Syrian influence over Lebanon, and installing a pro-Israeli Christian government led by Bachir Gemayel, Israel hoped to sign a treaty which Menachem Begin promised would give Israel \"forty years of peace\". However, the long occupation that followed Israel's 1982 invasion had repercussions for Israel with Hezbollah being conceived to fight the Israeli occupation.
/m/03_js	John Adams was the second president of the United States, having earlier served as the first vice president of the United States. An American Founding Father, Adams was a statesman, diplomat, and a leading advocate of American independence from Great Britain. Well educated, he was an Enlightenment political theorist who promoted republicanism, as well as a strong central government, and wrote prolifically about his often seminal ideas, both in published works and in letters to his wife and key adviser Abigail Adams, as well as to other Founding Fathers. Adams was a lifelong opponent of slavery, having never bought a slave. In 1770, he provided a principled, controversial, and successful legal defense to British soldiers, accused in the Boston Massacre because he believed in the right to counsel and the \"protect[ion] of innocence.\"\nAdams came to prominence in the early stages of the American Revolution. A lawyer and public figure in Boston, as a delegate from Massachusetts to the Continental Congress, he played a leading role in persuading Congress to declare independence. He assisted Thomas Jefferson in drafting the Declaration of Independence in 1776, and was its primary advocate in the Congress. Later, as a diplomat in Europe, he helped negotiate the eventual peace treaty with Great Britain, and was responsible for obtaining vital governmental loans from Amsterdam bankers. A political theorist and historian, Adams largely wrote the Massachusetts Constitution in 1780, which together with his earlier Thoughts on Government, influenced American political thought. One of his greatest roles was as a judge of character: in 1775, he nominated George Washington to be commander-in-chief, and 25 years later nominated John Marshall to be Chief Justice of the United States.
/m/0dlngsd	Sherlock Holmes: A Game of Shadows is a 2011 British-American action mystery film directed by Guy Ritchie and produced by Joel Silver, Lionel Wigram, Susan Downey and Dan Lin. It is a sequel to the 2009 film Sherlock Holmes, based on the titular character created by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. The screenplay is written by Michele Mulroney and Kieran Mulroney. Robert Downey, Jr. and Jude Law reprise their roles as Sherlock Holmes and Dr. John Watson and were joined by Noomi Rapace as Simza and Jared Harris as Professor Moriarty.\nHolmes and Watson join forces to outwit and bring down their most cunning adversary, Professor James Moriarty. Although influenced by Doyle's short story \"The Final Problem\", the film follows an original story and is not a strict adaptation.\nSherlock Holmes: A Game of Shadows, received generally positive reviews from critics, and was commercially successful with a worldwide gross of over $545 million.
/m/02r74mj	The 1995 Major League Baseball season. Due to the 1994–95 Major League Baseball strike which carried into the 1995 season, a shortened 144 game schedule commenced on April 25, when the Florida Marlins played host to the Los Angeles Dodgers.
/m/01npcx	GoldenEye is the seventeenth spy film in the James Bond series, and the first to star Pierce Brosnan as the fictional MI6 officer James Bond. The film was directed by Martin Campbell and is the first film in the series not to take story elements from the works of novelist Ian Fleming. The story was conceived and written by Michael France, with later collaboration by other writers. In the film, Bond fights to prevent an arms syndicate from using the GoldenEye satellite weapon against London in order to cause a global financial meltdown.\nGoldenEye was released in 1995 after a six-year hiatus in the series caused by legal disputes, during which Timothy Dalton resigned from the role of James Bond and was replaced by Pierce Brosnan. M was also recast, with actress Judi Dench becoming the first woman to portray the character, replacing Robert Brown. GoldenEye was the first Bond film made after the dissolution of the Soviet Union and the end of the Cold War, which provided a background for the plot.\nThe film accumulated a worldwide gross of US$350.7 million, considerably better than Dalton's films, without taking inflation into account. Some critics viewed the film as a modernisation of the series, and felt Brosnan was a definite improvement over his predecessor. The film also received award nominations for \"Best Achievement in Special Effects\" and \"Best Sound\" from the British Academy of Film and Television Arts.
/m/0gdm1	Amherst College is a private liberal arts college located in Amherst, Massachusetts, United States. Amherst is an exclusively undergraduate four-year institution and enrolled 1,817 students in the fall of 2012. Students choose courses from 35 major programs in an unusually open curriculum. Amherst is ranked as the second best liberal arts college in the country by U.S. News & World Report, and ranked thirteenth out of all U.S. colleges and universities by Forbes.\nFounded in 1821 as an attempt to relocate Williams College by its President, Zephaniah Swift Moore, Amherst is the third oldest institution of higher education in Massachusetts. Amherst remained a men's college until becoming coeducational in 1975.\nAmherst has historically had close relationships and rivalries with Williams College and Wesleyan University which form the Little Three colleges. It is also a member of the Five College Consortium.
/m/0fw2y	Madison is the capital of the U.S. state of Wisconsin and the county seat of Dane County. As of July 1, 2012, Madison had an estimated population of 240,323, making it the second largest city in Wisconsin, after Milwaukee, and the 81st largest in the United States. The city forms the core of the United States Census Bureau's Madison Metropolitan Statistical Area, which includes all of Dane County and neighboring Iowa and Columbia counties. The Madison Metropolitan Statistical Area had a 2010 population of 568,593.
/m/0bmj2y	MyNetworkTV is an American television network/broadcast syndication service that is owned by the Fox Entertainment Group division of 21st Century Fox. MyNetworkTV began operations on September 5, 2006 with an initial affiliate lineup covering about 96% of the country, most of which were former affiliates of The WB and UPN that did not join those two networks' successor, The CW.\nOn September 28, 2009, following disappointment with the network's results, MyNetworkTV dropped its status as a television network and transitioned into a programming service, similar to Ion Television.
/m/02hfp_	Anthony Minghella, CBE was a British film director, playwright and screenwriter. He was Chairman of the Board of Governors at the British Film Institute between 2003 and 2007.\nHe won the Academy Award for Best Director for The English Patient, which also won the Academy Award for Best Picture, the BAFTA Award for Best Film and Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture – Drama.
/m/01y_px	Jeffrey Lynn \"Jeff\" Goldblum is an American actor. His career began in the mid-1970s and he has appeared in major box-office successes including The Fly, Jurassic Park and its sequel Jurassic Park: The Lost World, and Independence Day. He starred as Detective Zach Nichols for the eighth and ninth seasons of the USA Network's crime drama series Law & Order: Criminal Intent.
/m/019mcm	Clube de Regatas Vasco da Gama, usually known as Vasco da Gama, is a famous and traditional Brazilian multisports club from Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. It was founded on August 21, 1898, by Portuguese immigrants, and it is still traditionally supported by the Portuguese community of Rio de Janeiro. It is one of the most popular clubs in Brazil, with more than 10 million supporters.\nIts statute defines the club as a \"sportive, recreative, educational, assistant and philanthropic non-profit organization of public utility\".\nTheir home stadium is São Januário, with a capacity of 25,000, the third biggest in Rio de Janeiro, but some matches are played at the Maracanã. They play in black shirts with a white diagonal sash that contains a Cross pattée, black shorts and black socks.\nThe club is named after the Portuguese explorer Vasco da Gama.
/m/040p_q	Creative writing is any writing that goes outside the bounds of normal professional, journalistic, academic, or technical forms of literature, typically identified by an emphasis on narrative craft, character development, and the use of literary tropes. Due to the looseness of the definition, it is possible for writing such as feature stories to be considered creative writing, even though they fall under journalism, because the content of features is specifically focused on narrative and character development. Both fictional and non-fictional works fall into this category, including such forms as novels, biographies, short stories, and poems. In the academic setting, creative writing is typically separated into fiction and poetry classes, with a focus on writing in an original style, as opposed to imitating pre-existing genres such as crime or horror. Writing for the screen and stage—screenwriting and playwriting—are often taught separately, but fit under the creative writing category as well.\nCreative writing can technically be considered any writing of original composition. In this sense, creative writing is a more contemporary and process-oriented name for what has been traditionally called literature, including the variety of its genres. In her work, Foundations of Creativity, Mary Lee Marksberry references Paul Witty and Lou LaBrant’s Teaching the People's Language to define creative writing. Marksberry notes:
/m/01vh18t	Ossie Davis was an American film, television and Broadway actor, director, poet, playwright, author, and social activist.
/m/0fw2f	Charleston is the capital and largest city of the State of West Virginia. It is located at the confluence of the Elk and Kanawha Rivers in Kanawha County. As of the 2010 Census, it had a population of 51,400, while its metropolitan area had 304,214. A cosmopolitan city, along with nearby Huntington, for a rural region serving as the center of government, commerce, industry, and media as the principal city in the Charleston-Huntington Metro CSA and DMA ranked the 65th largest in the US with a population of 708,228.\nEarly industries important to Charleston included salt and the first natural gas well. Later, coal became central to economic prosperity in the city and the surrounding area. Today, trade, utilities, government, medicine, and education play central roles in the city's economy.\nThe first permanent settlement, Ft. Lee, was built in 1788. In 1791, Daniel Boone was a member of the Kanawha County Assembly.\nCharleston is the home of the West Virginia Power minor league baseball team, the West Virginia Wild minor league basketball team, and the annual 15-mile Charleston Distance Run. Yeager Airport and the University of Charleston are also located in the city. West Virginia University and the WVU Institute of Technology, Marshall University, and West Virginia State University also have higher education campuses in the area.
/m/0cnl1c	Brian Baumgartner is an American film and television actor who played Kevin Malone in The Office.
/m/0mq17	Tarrant County is a county located in the U.S. state of Texas and contains Fort Worth and Arlington. As of the 2010 census, it had a population of 1,809,034. Its county seat is Fort Worth. Tarrant County is the sixteenth most populous county in the United States and the third most populous in Texas.\nTarrant County, one of 26 counties created out of the Peters Colony, was established in 1849. The county is named in honor of General Edward H. Tarrant of the Republic of Texas Militia.\nFort Worth is the most populous city in Tarrant County, and the 16th largest city in the United States, with a population of 741,206 as of 2010. Arlington is the second largest city in the county and the 50th largest city in the United States with a population of 367,197 in 2006. North Richland Hills is the third largest with 65,750 residents as of 2006.\nTarrant County is part of the Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex.
/m/0226cw	John David Dingell, Jr. is an American politician who has been a member of the United States House of Representatives since December 13, 1955. He is a member of the Democratic Party.\nHe is the longest-serving member to of the House, having served for over 58 years; he has the longest uninterrupted Congressional tenure in U.S. history, and is the currently serving member of Congress with the longest tenure. He is also the current and longest-serving Dean of the U.S. House of Representatives, and the Dean of the Michigan congressional delegation. Dingell is one of two World War II veterans still serving in Congress; the other is Texas Congressman Ralph Hall. Dingell is a long-time member of the House Energy and Commerce Committee and Chaired the committee over multiple Congresses.\nDingell's district was first in western Detroit, but redistricting has successively moved him further into the city's western suburbs. Since 2013, he has represented Michigan's 12th congressional district.\nDingell announced on February 24, 2014 that he would not seek re-election to a 30th term in Congress.
/m/05mdx	Osteoporosis is a progressive bone disease that is characterized by a decrease in bone mass and density which can lead to an increased risk of fracture. In osteoporosis, the bone mineral density is reduced, bone microarchitecture deteriorates, and the amount and variety of proteins in bone are altered. Osteoporosis is defined by the World Health Organization as a bone mineral density of 2.5 standard deviations or more below the mean peak bone mass as measured by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry; the term \"established osteoporosis\" includes the presence of a fragility fracture. The disease may be classified as primary type 1, primary type 2, or secondary. The form of osteoporosis most common in women after menopause is referred to as primary type 1 or postmenopausal osteoporosis. Primary type 2 osteoporosis or senile osteoporosis occurs after age 75 and is seen in both females and males at a ratio of 2:1. Secondary osteoporosis may arise at any age and affect men and women equally. This form results from chronic predisposing medical problems or disease, or prolonged use of medications such as glucocorticoids, when the disease is called steroid- or glucocorticoid-induced osteoporosis.
/m/01k7d9	Ray Walston was an American stage, television and film actor best known as the title character on the 1960s CBS situation comedy My Favorite Martian. He is also remembered for such iconic stage, film and television roles as Luther Billis; Mr. Applegate; J.J. Singleton, Mr. Hand,Candy from Of Mice and Men and Judge Henry Bone.
/m/04zxrt	Racing Club is an Argentine professional sports club based in Avellaneda, a city of Greater Buenos Aires. Founded in 1903, Racing has been historically considered one of the \"big five\" clubs of Argentine football. Racing currently plays in the Primera División, the top division of the Argentine league system.\nRacing has won the Primera División 16 times, apart from winning many domestic competitions such as five Copa Ibarguren, four Copa de Honor Municipalidad de Buenos Aires and one Copa de Honor Adrián Beccar Varela. Due to those achievements the team was nicknamed \"La Academia\" which still identifies the club and its supporters.\nOn the international stage, the club won in 1967 both the Copa Libertadores, the first edition of the Supercopa Sudamericana in 1988 and the Intercontinental Cup, therefore being the second Argentine team to become South American champion, and the first to become club world champion. During the amateur era Racing also won two Copa Aldao and one Copa de Honor Cousenier, both tournaments organized by AFA and AUF together.\nThe first team plays its home games in the Estadio Presidente Juan Domingo Perón, nicknamed El Cilindro de Avellaneda. Other sports practised at Racing are basketball, boxing, martial arts, roller skating, tennis and volleyball.
/m/0fx0mw	Michael Kenneth Williams is an actor.
/m/01pgk0	Jennifer Love Hewitt is an American actress, producer, author, television director and singer-songwriter. Hewitt began her acting career as a child by appearing in television commercials and the Disney Channel series Kids Incorporated. She rose to fame in teenage popular culture in her roles in the Fox series Party of Five as Sarah Reeves Merrin, and films I Know What You Did Last Summer and its sequel as Julie James.\nHewitt starred on the hit CBS television program Ghost Whisperer as Melinda Gordon, for which she won a Saturn Award in 2007 and 2008 for Best Actress on Television. She starred in the Lifetime television series, The Client List, and was previously nominated for a Golden Globe Award for the pilot movie. In addition to acting, she has served as a producer on some of her film and television projects.\nAs a singer, Hewitt has been signed by Atlantic Records and Jive Records, and is primarily known for her recordings in the pop genre. Her most successful single on the Billboard Hot 100 is the 1999 release \"How Do I Deal\", which peaked at No. 59. She has also contributed music to the promotion or soundtracks of acting projects.
/m/04qbv	A liberal arts college is a college with an emphasis on undergraduate study in the liberal arts and sciences, with some offering numerable graduate programs that lead to a master's degree or doctoral degree in subjects such as business administration, nursing, medicine, and law.\nStudents in the liberal arts generally major in a particular discipline while receiving exposure to a wide range of academic subjects, including sciences as well as the traditional humanities subjects taught as liberal arts.\nA \"liberal arts\" institution can be defined as a \"college or university curriculum aimed at imparting broad general knowledge and developing general intellectual capacities, in contrast to a professional, vocational, or technical curriculum.\" Although what is known today as the liberal arts college began in Europe, the term is commonly associated with the United States. Prominent examples in the United States include the so-called Little Three, Colby-Bates-Bowdoin, and Little Ivy colleges in New England, the surviving, predominantly female Seven Sisters colleges along the northeastern seaboard, Norwegian-influenced Lutheran liberal arts college St. Olaf College as well as Augsburg College in Minnesota, and the Claremont Colleges in Southern California, but similar institutions are found all over the country. Most are private institutions, but a handful of public liberal arts schools exist, for instance the University of Mary Washington.
/m/01g6bk	Cory Efram Doctorow is a Canadian-British blogger, journalist, and science fiction author who serves as co-editor of the blog Boing Boing. He is an activist in favour of liberalising copyright laws and a proponent of the Creative Commons organization, using some of their licenses for his books. Some common themes of his work include digital rights management, file sharing, and post-scarcity economics.
/m/015qh	Bulgaria, officially the Republic of Bulgaria, is a country located in Southeastern Europe. It is bordered by Romania to the north, Serbia and Macedonia to the west, Greece and Turkey to the south, and the Black Sea to the east. With a territory of 110,994 square kilometres, Bulgaria is Europe's 14th-largest country.\nOrganised Prehistoric cultures began developing on Bulgarian lands during the Neolithic period. Its ancient history saw the presence of the Thracians, and later the Greeks and Romans. The emergence of a unified Bulgarian state dates back to the establishment of the First Bulgarian Empire in 681 CE, which dominated most of the Balkans and functioned as a cultural hub for Slavic peoples during the Middle Ages. With the downfall of the Second Bulgarian Empire in 1396, its territories came under Ottoman rule for nearly five centuries. The Russo-Turkish War of 1877–1878 led to the formation of the Third Bulgarian State. The following years saw several conflicts with its neighbours, which prompted Bulgaria to align with Germany in both World Wars. In 1946 it became a single-party Socialist state as part of the Soviet-led Eastern Bloc. In 1989 the ruling Communist Party allowed multi-party elections, which subsequently led to Bulgaria's transition into a democracy and a market-based economy.
/m/01jllg1	Harry Warren was an American composer and lyricist. Warren was the first major American songwriter to write primarily for film. He was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Song eleven times and won three Oscars for composing \"Lullaby of Broadway\", \"You'll Never Know\" and \"On the Atchison, Topeka and the Santa Fe\". He wrote the music for the first blockbuster film musical, 42nd Street, choreographed by Busby Berkeley, with whom he would collaborate on many musical films.\nOver a career spanning four decades, Warren wrote over 800 songs. Other well-known Warren hits included \"I Only Have Eyes for You\", \"You Must Have Been a Beautiful Baby\", \"Jeepers Creepers\", \"The Gold Diggers' Song\", \"That's Amore\", \"The More I See You\", \"At Last\" and \"Chattanooga Choo Choo\". Warren was one of America's most prolific film composers,and his songs have been featured in over 300 films.
/m/07m9cm	Tilman Valentin \"Til\" Schweiger is a German actor, director, and producer. He is one of Germany's most successful filmmakers. Since 1968, when the FFA started counting, no other German actor has drawn more people to the cinemas. He runs his own production company, Barefoot Films, in Berlin.
/m/0d1qmz	You Only Live Twice is the fifth spy film in the James Bond series, and the fifth to star Sean Connery as the fictional MI6 agent James Bond. The film's screenplay was written by Roald Dahl, and loosely based on Ian Fleming's 1964 novel of the same name. It is the first James Bond film to discard most of Fleming's plot, using only a few characters and locations from the book as the background for an entirely new story.\nIn the film, Bond is dispatched to Japan after American and Soviet manned spacecraft disappear mysteriously in orbit. With each nation blaming the other amidst the Cold War, Bond travels secretly to a remote Japanese island in order to find the perpetrators and comes face to face with Ernst Stavro Blofeld, the head of SPECTRE. The film reveals the appearance of Blofeld who was previously a partially unseen character. SPECTRE is extorting the government of an unnamed Asian power, implied to be the People's Republic of China, in order to provoke war between the superpowers.\nDuring the filming in Japan, it was announced that Sean Connery would retire from the role of Bond. But after a hiatus, he returned in 1971's Diamonds Are Forever and later 1983's non-Eon Bond film Never Say Never Again. You Only Live Twice is the first Bond film to be directed by Lewis Gilbert, who later directed the 1977 film The Spy Who Loved Me and the 1979 film Moonraker, both starring Roger Moore.
/m/075npt	James Hadley \"Jay\" Snyder, also known as Dan Green, is an American voice actor, voice director and script adapter who has worked for 4Kids Entertainment, DuArt Film and Video, NYAV Post and Central Park Media. He is best known as the voice of Yugi Muto from Yu-Gi-Oh!, Trudge from Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's, Knuckles the Echidna in Sonic X and some of the Sonic the Hedgehog video games, and is also known for his script adaptions of Kurokami: The Animation and Mobile Suit Gundam Unicorn.
/m/067x44	William \"Bill\" B. Lava was a musical composer and arranger who worked on the Warner Bros.' Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies animated cartoons from 1962 to 1969, replacing the deceased Milt Franklyn, making him the last musical composer and arranger in the classic era of Warner Bros. Cartoons.\nLava's music was markedly different from that of Franklyn and previous composer Carl Stalling, with a tendency towards atonality. A sense of tension is often created in Lava's scores using sequences based on the notes of the diminished seventh chord.\nLava also composed the theme to the popular T.V. western series Cheyenne.
/m/0dszr0	Nicole Julianne Sullivan is an American actress, comedian, and voice artist. Sullivan is best known for her six seasons on the sketch comedy series MADtv and five seasons on the CBS sitcom The King of Queens.\nShe has played a recurring character on Scrubs and voiced the villainous Shego in Disney's Kim Possible. She had recurring voice roles on Family Guy and voiced \"Franny Robinson\" in Disney's Meet the Robinsons. From 2008 to 2009, Sullivan starred in and was the lead of her own Lifetime television series Rita Rocks. Currently, she voices Marlene in the series The Penguins of Madagascar. Sullivan also currently appears as Jules' therapist, Lynn Mettler, on the comedy Cougar Town. Recently, she portrayed Lyla in the Disney channel original movie Let It Shine. In 2013 she starred in the Nickelodeon Sitcom Wendell and Vinnie as Wilma Basset
/m/04kr63w	Alison Brie Schermerhorn, better known by her stage name Alison Brie, is an American actress. She is best known for portraying Annie Edison on the NBC sitcom Community and Trudy Campbell on the AMC drama Mad Men. She has also starred in films such as Scream 4, The Five-Year Engagement and The Lego Movie.
/m/0g14f	Staffordshire is a landlocked county in the West Midlands of England. Part of the National Forest lies within its borders. It adjoins Cheshire to the north west, Derbyshire and Leicestershire to the east, Warwickshire to the south east, West Midlands and Worcestershire to the south and Shropshire to the west.\nThe largest city in Staffordshire is Stoke-on-Trent, which is administered separately from the rest of the county as an independent unitary authority. Lichfield also has city status, although this is a considerably smaller cathedral city. Major towns include Stafford, Burton upon Trent, Cannock, Newcastle-under-Lyme, Leek and Tamworth.\nWolverhampton, Walsall, West Bromwich and Smethwick were also in Staffordshire until local government reorganisation in 1974.\nApart from Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire is divided into the districts of Cannock Chase, East Staffordshire, Lichfield, Newcastle-under-Lyme, South Staffordshire, Stafford, Staffordshire Moorlands, and Tamworth.
/m/0phrl	Days of Our Lives, often abbreviated to DOOL or Days, is a daytime soap opera broadcast on the NBC television network. It is one of the longest-running scripted television programs in the world, airing nearly every weekday in the United States since November 8, 1965. It has since been syndicated to many countries around the world. It ro-broadcasting same-day episodes on SOAPnet weeknights at 8 and 10 p.m. until the network's closure in 2013. The series was created by husband-and-wife team Ted Corday and Betty Corday. Irna Phillips was a story editor for Days of Our Lives and many of the show's earliest storylines were written by William J. Bell. In January 2014, the show was renewed through September 2016.\nDue to the series' success, it was expanded from 30 minutes to 60 minutes on April 21, 1975. Since that date, the mid-show bumper, featuring the phrase \"We will return for the second half of Days of Our Lives in just a moment\", was aired with every episode and voiced by the series' original star, Macdonald Carey.\nThe series focuses on its core families, the Hortons and the Bradys. Several other families have been added to the cast, and many of them still appear on the show. Frances Reid, the matriarch of the series' Horton family remained with the show from its inception to her death on February 3, 2010. Suzanne Rogers celebrated 40 years on Days of Our Lives this year, appearing on the show more or less since her first appearance in 1973. Susan Seaforth Hayes is the only cast member to appear on Days of Our Lives in all six decades it has been on air.
/m/01lmj3q	Ricky Lee Skaggs is an American country and bluegrass singer, musician, producer, and composer. He primarily plays mandolin; however, he also plays fiddle, guitar, mandocaster and banjo.
/m/02vcp0	Kim Carnes is an American singer-songwriter. She is a two-time Grammy Award winner noted for her distinctive raspy vocal style, which has drawn comparisons to Rod Stewart. She had her first solo top-ten hit with a cover version of \"More Love\" in 1980 and later achieved international success with her album Mistaken Identity which reached #1 in the USA in 1981, and yielded the international hit \"Bette Davis Eyes\".
/m/02p11jq	MCA Records was an American-based record company owned by MCA Inc., which later gave way to the larger MCA Music Entertainment Group, of which MCA Records was still part. MCA Records was absorbed by Geffen Records in 2003. MCA's country division, MCA Nashville Records, is a still active imprint of Universal Music Group Nashville.
/m/08vq2y	Kayserispor is a professional Turkish football club located in the city of Kayseri. Formed in 1975 as Kayseri Emniyetspor, Kayserispor are nicknamed Anadolu Yıldızı. The club colours are red and yellow, and the club play their home matches at Kadir Has Stadium. The club have won one Türkiye Kupası, in 2008. They also finished runners-up for the Süper Kupa in 2008, and have finished fifth in the Süper Lig four times, in 2005–06, 2006–07, 2007–08, and Süper Lig 2012-13. In continental competition, the club have won the UEFA Intertoto Cup in 2006. The club switched names with crosstown club Kayseri Erciyesspor in 2004.
/m/029jpy	New England is a region in the northeastern corner of the United States consisting of the six states of Maine, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Vermont, Rhode Island, and Connecticut. New England is bordered by New York State to the west, Long Island Sound to the south, the Atlantic Ocean, the Canadian province of New Brunswick to the east, and the Canadian province of Quebec to the north.\nIn one of the earliest English settlements in North America, Pilgrims from England first settled in New England in 1620, to form Plymouth Colony. Ten years later, the Puritans settled north of Plymouth Colony in Boston, thus forming Massachusetts Bay Colony. Over the next 126 years, New England fought in four French and Indian Wars, until the British defeated the French and their native allies in North America.\nIn the late 18th century, the New England Colonies initiated the resistance to the British Parliament's efforts to impose new taxes without the consent of the colonists. The Boston Tea Party was a protest to which Great Britain responded with a series of punitive laws stripping Massachusetts of self-government, which were termed the \"Intolerable Acts\" by the colonists. The confrontation led to open warfare in 1775, the expulsion of the British authorities from New England in spring 1776 and the Declaration of Independence in July 1776.
/m/0hdx8	The Gambia is a country in West Africa. It is surrounded by Senegal, apart from a short strip of Atlantic coastline at its western end. It is the smallest country on mainland Africa.\nThe country is situated either side of the Gambia River, the nation's namesake, which flows through the country's centre and empties into the Atlantic Ocean. Its area is 11,295 km² with an estimated population of 1.7 million. Banjul is the Gambian capital, but the largest cities are Serekunda and Brikama.\nThe Gambia shares historical roots with many other West African nations in the slave trade, which was the key factor in the placing and keeping of a colony on the Gambia River, first by the Portuguese and later by the British. On 18 February 1965, the Gambia gained independence from the United Kingdom and joined the Commonwealth of Nations, from which it withdrew in October 2013. Since gaining independence, the Gambia has enjoyed relative political stability, with the exception of a brief period of military rule in 1994.\nDue to the fertile land of the country, the economy is dominated by farming, fishing, and tourism. About a third of the population lives below the international poverty line of US$1.25 a day.
/m/02_ssl	The center, colloquially known as the five or the post, is one of the standard positions in a regulation basketball game and is commonly abbreviated \"C\". The center is normally the tallest player on the team, and often has a great deal of strength and body mass as well. A typical NBA center is between 6'10\" and 7'3\".\nIn many cases, the center's primary role is to use his or her size to score and defend from a position close to the basket. A center who possesses size along with athleticism and skill constitutes an unparalleled asset for a team. The centers are also generally the players who are chosen to take jump balls.\nThere has been occasional controversy over what constitutes a \"true center\". For example, some would say that Tim Duncan, although listed throughout his career as a power forward, is actually a center, because of his size and style of play. Nonetheless, the judgment of whether a given player is a center or power forward is often highly subjective. Because there are currently so few people who meet the ideal size requirements of an NBA center, teams will sometimes find it necessary to play an individual at that position who would be more effective as a power forward.
/m/09bx1k	Hugo Wilhelm Friedhofer was an American composer best known for his motion picture scores. He was born in San Francisco. His father was a cellist trained in Dresden, Germany; his mother, Eva König, was born in Germany.\nFriedhofer began playing cello at the age of 13. After taking lessons in harmony and counterpoint at University of California, Berkeley, he was employed as a cellist for the People's Symphony Orchestra.\nIn 1929, he relocated to Hollywood, where he performed as a musician for Fox Studios productions such as Sunny Side Up and Grand Canary. Later, he was hired as an orchestrator for Warner Bros. and worked on over 50 films for the studio. While at Warners he was largely assigned to work with Max Steiner and, because he could speak German, Erich Wolfgang Korngold. Steiner, in particular, relied on Friedhofer's skill in turning his sketches into a full orchestral score. Despite his own strong skills, he remained in their shadow for many years.\nIn 1937, Friedhofer composed his first full-length film score, The Adventures of Marco Polo. Though he was still employed as an orchestrator through the '30s and into the '40s, he gradually received more assignments as a composer. In 1942, he composed the score for the film Chetniks! The Fighting Guerrillas.
/m/09w1n	Alpine skiing is the sport of sliding down snow-covered hills on skis with fixed-heel bindings. It is also commonly known as downhill skiing, although that also incorporates different styles. Alpine skiing can be contrasted with skiing using free-heel bindings; ski mountaineering and nordic skiing – such as cross-country; ski jumping; and Telemark. Alpine skiing is popular wherever the combination of snow, mountain slopes, and a sufficient tourist infrastructure can be built up, including parts of Europe, North America, Australia and New Zealand, the South American Andes, and East Asia.\nAlpine skiing began as a club sport in 1861 at Kiandra in Australia and a number of similar clubs in North America and the Austrian and Swiss Alps. Today, most alpine skiing occurs at a ski resort with ski lifts that transport skiers up the mountain. The snow is groomed, avalanches are controlled and trees are cut to create trails. Many resorts also include snow making equipment to provide skiing when the weather would otherwise not allow it. Alternatively, alpine skiers may pursue the sport in less controlled environments; this practice is variously referred to as ski touring, back country skiing, or extreme skiing.
/m/02q56mk	Wonder Boys is a 2000 comedy film directed by Curtis Hanson and written by Steve Kloves. The film was based on the novel of the same title by Michael Chabon. Michael Douglas stars as professor Grady Tripp, a novelist who teaches creative writing at an unnamed Pittsburgh university. He has been unable to finish his second novel, his young wife has left him, and he is having an affair with the Chancellor of the university, who is the wife of the chairman of his department. Grady's editor is in town to see his new book and becomes interested in a book that one of Grady's students has just completed.\nIt was filmed in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, including locations at Carnegie Mellon University, Chatham University, and Shady Side Academy. Other Pennsylvania locations included Beaver, Rochester and Rostraver Township.\nAfter the film failed at the box office, there was a second attempt to find an audience with a new marketing campaign and a November 8, 2000, re-release, which was also a financial disappointment.
/m/04mwxk3	Europacorp is one of the major feature film producers in France and Europe, headquartered in Saint-Denis near Paris—and one of only a few fully integrated independent studios that both produces and distributes feature films.\nFounded in 1999, EuropaCorp's activities include production, theatrical distribution, home entertainment, VOD, international distribution and sales, French TV Sales, partnerships and licenses, original soundtrack production, publishing and exhibition. EuropaCorp's integrated financial model generates revenues from a wide range of sources, with films from many genres and a strong presence in the international markets.\nOver 14 years, EuropaCorp has produced and co-produced over 80 films and is now distributing over 500 titles after the integration of the RoissyFilms Catalogue. The studio is mainly known for its expertise in the production of English language films with strong earning potential in the international marketplace. The company is renowned for developing and producing the blockbuster franchises TAKEN, TAKEN 2 and THE TRANSPORTER series.\nThe company began producing TV series in 2010 through EuropaCorp Television which is currently adapting one of EuropaCorp's most famous and popular film franchises: TAXI.
/m/04bcb1	John Spencer was an American actor. He was best known for playing White House Chief of Staff Leo McGarry on the hit NBC political drama series The West Wing, for which he had won an Emmy Award in 2002.
/m/01___w	A lecturer is, in the broadest sense, a person who gives lectures or other public speeches. However, this article concerns lecturer as an academic rank.\nIn the United Kingdom a lecturer is usually the holder of an open-ended position at a university or similar institution, often an academic in an early career stage, who teaches and also leads or oversees research groups.\nThis contrasts with the practice in North America: the United States, Canada and other countries influenced by their educational systems, where the term is used differently. It generally denotes academic experts without tenure in the university, who teach full- or part-time but who have few or no research responsibilities within the institution where they teach. In most research universities in the United States, the title of lecturer requires a doctorate or equivalent degree.\nIn the Church of England, the position of lecturer can also refer to a junior clergyman.
/m/03gvpk	Gil Kane, born Eli Katz, was a comic book artist whose career spanned the 1940s to 1990s and every major comics company and character.\nKane co-created the modern-day versions of the superheroes Green Lantern and the Atom for DC Comics, and co-created Iron Fist with Roy Thomas for Marvel Comics. He was involved in such major storylines as that of The Amazing Spider-Man #96–98, which, at the behest of the U.S. Department of Health, Education, and Welfare, bucked the then-prevalent Comics Code Authority to depict drug abuse, and ultimately spurred an update of the Code. Kane additionally pioneered an early graphic novel prototype, His Name is...Savage, in 1968, and a seminal graphic novel, Blackmark, in 1971.\nIn 1997, he was inducted into both the Will Eisner Comic Book Hall of Fame and the Harvey Award Jack Kirby Hall of Fame.
/m/025sd_y	A harpsichordist is a person who plays the harpsichord.\nMany baroque composers played the harpsichord, including Johann Sebastian Bach, Domenico Scarlatti, George Frideric Handel, François Couperin and Jean-Philippe Rameau. At this time, it was common for such musicians also to play the organ, and all keyboard instruments, and to direct orchestral music while playing continuo on the instrument.\nModern harpsichord playing can be roughly divided into three eras, beginning with the career of the influential reviver of the instrument, Wanda Landowska. At this stage of the 'harpsichord revival', players generally used harpsichords of a heavy, piano-influenced type made by makers such as Pleyel; the revival of the instrument also led some composers to write specifically for the instrument, often on the request of Landowska. An influential later group of English players using post-Pleyel instruments by Thomas Goff and the Goble family included George Malcolm and Thurston Dart.\nThe next generation of harpsichordists were pioneers of modern performance on instruments built according to the authentic practices of the earlier period, following the research of such scholar-builders as Frank Hubbard and William Dowd. This generation of performers included such players as Ralph Kirkpatrick, Igor Kipnis, and Gustav Leonhardt. More recently, many outstanding harpsichordists have appeared, such as Trevor Pinnock, Kenneth Gilbert, Christopher Hogwood, Jos van Immerseel, Ton Koopman, David Schrader and Alexander Frey, with many of them also directing a baroque orchestra from the instrument.
/m/0d2kt	The River Thames flows through southern England. It is the longest river entirely in England and the second longest in the United Kingdom, after the River Severn. While it is best known for flowing through London, the river also flows alongside other towns and cities, including Oxford, Reading, Henley-on-Thames, and Windsor.\nThe river gives its name to three informal areas: the Thames Valley, a region of England around the river between Oxford and west London; the Thames Gateway; and the greatly overlapping Thames Estuary around the tidal Thames to the east of London and including the waterway itself. Thames Valley Police is a formal body that takes its name from the river, covering three counties.\nIn an alternative name, derived from its long tidal reach up to Teddington Lock in south west London, the lower reaches of the river are called the Tideway.\nThe administrative powers of the Thames Conservancy have been taken on with modifications by the Environment Agency and, in respect of the Tideway part of the river, such powers are split between the agency and the Port of London Authority.\nIn non-administrative use, stemming directly from the river and its name are Thames Valley University, Thames Water, Thames Television productions, Thames & Hudson publishing, Thameslink, and South Thames College. Historic entities include the Thames Ironworks and Shipbuilding Company.
/m/04czgbh	The Missouri Tigers football program represents the University of Missouri in college football and competes in the Football Bowl Subdivision of the National Collegiate Athletics Association. Since 2012, Missouri has been a member of the Southeastern Conference and is currently aligned in its Eastern Division. Home games are played at Faurot Field in Columbia, Missouri.\nMissouri's football program dates back to 1890, and has appeared in 30 bowl games. Missouri has won 15 conference titles, 4 division titles, and has 2 national championship selections recognized by the NCAA. Entering the 2013 season, Missouri's all-time record was 643–531–52.\nThe team is currently coached by Gary Pinkel, who is the winningest coach of all-time at Missouri.
/m/04xg2f	Being Julia is a 2004 drama film with comic undertones directed by István Szabó and starring Annette Bening and Jeremy Irons. The screenplay by Ronald Harwood is based on the 1937 novel Theatre by W. Somerset Maugham. The original music score is composed by Mychael Danna.
/m/0yxm1	Moonstruck is a 1987 American romantic comedy film directed by Norman Jewison and written by John Patrick Shanley. It stars Cher, Nicolas Cage, Danny Aiello, Vincent Gardenia, and Olympia Dukakis.\nThe film was released on December 16, 1987 in New York City, and then nationally on December 18, 1987, receiving largely positive reviews from critics. It went on to gross $91,640,528 at the North American box office, making it the fifth highest-grossing film of that year.\nMoonstruck was nominated for six Oscars at the 60th Academy Awards, winning for Best Original Screenplay, Best Actress, and Best Supporting Actress.
/m/01vwllw	Susan Abigail Sarandon is an American actress. She has worked in movies and television since 1969, and won an Academy Award for Best Actress for her performance in the 1995 film Dead Man Walking. As a professional actress, she regularly appears in PSA media, performing emotive appeals to television commercial audiences.
/m/0xtz9	Las Cruces, also known as \"The City of the Crosses\", is the county seat of Doña Ana County, New Mexico, United States. The population was 101,047 in 2012 making it the second largest city in the state, after Albuquerque. Las Cruces is the largest city in both Dona Ana County, and southern New Mexico. It is the principal city of a metropolitan statistical area which encompasses all of Dona Ana County and is part of the larger El Paso–Las Cruces combined statistical area.\nLas Cruces is the economic and geographic center of the fertile Mesilla Valley, which is the agricultural region on the flood plain of the Rio Grande which extends from Hatch, New Mexico to the west side of El Paso, Texas. Las Cruces is also the home of New Mexico State University, New Mexico's only land grant university. The city's major employer is the federal government on nearby White Sands Test Facility and White Sands Missile Range. Recently the city has been home to many of the retired from across the country. The majestic Organ Mountains, ten miles to the east, are dominant in the city's landscape, along with the Doña Ana Mountains, Robledo Mountains, and Picacho Peak. Las Cruces lies 225 miles south of Albuquerque, New Mexico, 146 miles south of Socorro, New Mexico and 45 miles north of El Paso, Texas.
/m/03_qj1	The Algeria national football team, nicknamed الأفنــاك, Les Fennecs, represents Algeria in association football and is controlled by the Fédération Algérienne de Football. Algeria's home ground is the Stade 5 Juillet 1962 in Algiers and their head coach is Vahid Halilhodžić. Algeria was founded on January 1, 1962 and joined FIFA on January 1, 1964.\nAlgeria has qualified for four World Cups in 1982, 1986, 2010, and 2014. Algeria has also won the African Cup of Nations once in 1990, when they hosted the tournament.\nThe traditional rivals of Algeria have been Morocco, Tunisia and Egypt. However, more recently, Egypt has become the main rival after a number of incidents involving the two teams, most recently during the 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification, in which Algeria defeated Egypt 1-0 in a tense tiebreaker in Omdurman, Sudan to qualify to the World Cup.
/m/0q9nj	The Real World is a reality television program on MTV originally produced by Mary-Ellis Bunim and Jonathan Murray. First broadcast in 1992, the show, which was inspired by the 1973 PBS documentary series An American Family, is the longest-running program in MTV history and one of the longest-running reality series in history, credited with launching the modern reality TV genre.\nThe series was hailed in its early years for depicting issues of contemporary young-adulthood relevant to its core audience, such as sex, prejudice, religion, abortion, illness, sexuality, AIDS, death, politics, and substance abuse, but later garnered a reputation as a showcase for immature and irresponsible behavior.\nFollowing Bunim’s death from breast cancer in 2004, Bunim/Murray Productions continues to produce the program. The 29th season, set in San Francisco, premiered on January 8, 2014.\nThe series has generated two notable spin-offs, both broadcast by MTV: Road Rules, which lasted for 14 seasons, and the ongoing reality game show The Challenge, which has run for over 20 seasons since 1998. The Challenge is mostly cast-contestant dependent on both The Real World and Road Rules, as it combines contestants from various seasons of both shows. Coordinating the series with its spin-off, MTV alternates between airing seasons of The Real World and The Challenge and ends out seasons of both shows by showing previews for the upcoming season of the other.
/m/02778yp	Kay Cannon is an American film and television writer and actress who is best known for her work as an Emmy-nominated writer and producer for the NBC series 30 Rock. She wrote the screenplay for the 2012 film Pitch Perfect, and she is a co-executive producer and writer on New Girl.
/m/08bqy9	Feroz Khan was an Indian actor, film editor, producer and director in the Hindi film industry. For his flamboyant style, with cowboyish swagger and cigar toting persona which revolutionised the style quotient of the otherwise conventional Filmi hero, he is known as the Clint Eastwood of the East and a style icon in the industry.\nHe appeared in over 50 films in the 1960s, 1970s and 1980s, and became one of India's best-loved heroes with his role in the 1980 hit film Qurbani, which he also directed. Khan followed this multi-disciplinary achievement by directing more successful films like Dayavan and Janbaaz. He won the Filmfare Best Supporting Actor Award for Aadmi Aur Insaan in 1970, and was honoured with the Filmfare Lifetime Achievement Award in 2000.
/m/02r1ysd	Pushing Daisies is an American comedy-drama television series created by Bryan Fuller that aired on ABC from October 3, 2007 to June 13, 2009. The series stars Lee Pace as Ned, a pie-maker with the ability to bring dead things back to life with his touch, an ability which comes with stipulations. The cast also includes Anna Friel, Chi McBride, Kristin Chenoweth, Ellen Greene, and Swoosie Kurtz. The series is narrated by Jim Dale.\nTouted as a \"forensic fairy tale\", the series is known for its unique visual style, quirky characters, and fast-paced dialogue, often employing wordplay, metaphor, and double entendre.\nThe series received critical acclaim and received numerous awards. The series received 17 Primetime Emmy Award nominations, with seven wins; including Outstanding Directing for a Comedy Series for Barry Sonnenfeld and Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series for Kristin Chenoweth. TV Guide included the series in their 2013 list of 60 shows that were \"Cancelled Too Soon\".
/m/0jbqf	The Colorado Avalanche are a professional ice hockey franchise based in Denver, Colorado. They are members of the Central Division of the Western Conference of the National Hockey League, being the only team in their division not to be in the Central Time Zone, instead being located in the Mountain Time Zone. Their home arena is Pepsi Center. Their current head coach is Patrick Roy, and their general manager is Greg Sherman.\nThe Avalanche were founded in 1972 as the Quebec Nordiques within the rival World Hockey Association. The Nordiques became members of the NHL in 1979 with the NHL–WHA merger. Following the 1994-95 season, the Nordiques were sold to the COMSAT Entertainment Group of Denver and relocated there, where they were renamed the Avalanche. In their first year in Denver, the Avs won the Pacific Division and went on to sweep the Florida Panthers in the Finals, becoming the first NHL team to win the Stanley Cup in the season following a relocation. Among teams in the four major American professional sports leagues, only the National Football League's Washington Redskins have also accomplished the feat. This was the first major professional sports championship a Denver-based team would bring to the city. In the 2001 Stanley Cup Finals, the Avalanche defeated the New Jersey Devils 4–3 to win their second and most recent championship. Coincidentally, the Devils had preceded the Avalanche in Denver; they were called the Colorado Rockies.
/m/04q_g	Lazio is one of the 20 administrative regions of Italy, situated in the central peninsular section of the country. With about 5.7 million residents and a GDP of more than 170 billion euros, Lazio is the third most populated region of Italy, and has the second largest economy of the nation. Its capital is Rome, capital and largest city of Italy.
/m/01ly5m	Buenos Aires is the capital and largest city of Argentina, and the second-largest metropolitan area in South America, after Greater São Paulo. It is located on the western shore of the estuary of the Río de la Plata, on the continent's southeastern coast. The Greater Buenos Aires conurbation, which also includes several Buenos Aires Province districts, constitutes the third-largest conurbation in Latin America, with a population of around thirteen million.\nThe city of Buenos Aires is neither part of Buenos Aires Province nor the Province's capital; rather, it is an autonomous district. In 1880, after decades of political infighting, Buenos Aires was federalised and removed from Buenos Aires Province. The city limits were enlarged to include the towns of Belgrano and Flores; both are now neighborhoods of the city. The 1994 constitutional amendment granted the city autonomy, hence its formal name: Ciudad Autónoma de Buenos Aires. Its citizens first elected a Chief of Government in 1996; before, the Mayor was directly appointed by the President of the Republic.\nBy some measures, Buenos Aires is one of the 20 largest cities in the world. It is, along with Mexico City and São Paulo, one of the three Latin American cities considered an 'alpha city' by the study GaWC5. Argentina has the third best quality of life in Latin America. Buenos Aires' quality of life is ranked 81st in the world, with its per capita income among the three highest in the region. It is the most visited city in South America and the second most visited city across Latin America. It is also one of the most important, largest and most populous of South American capitals, often referred to as the Paris of South America.
/m/03ckfl9	Experimental music refers, in the English-language literature, to a compositional tradition that arose in the mid-20th century, applied particularly in North America to music composed in such a way that its outcome is unforeseeable. Its most famous and influential exponent was John Cage. More loosely, the term \"experimental\" is used in conjunction with genre names to describe music within specific genres that pushes against their boundaries or definitions, or else whose approach is a hybrid of disparate styles, or incorporates unorthodox, new, distinctly unique ingredients. Similarly, it has sometimes been used to describe \"transethnic\" music: the mixture of recognizable music genres. A quite distinct sense was current in the late 1950s to describe computer-controlled composition, and the term at that time also was sometimes used for electronic music and musique concrète. \"Experimental music\" has also been used in music journalism as a general term of disapprobation for music departing from traditional norms.
/m/09pl3s	Roberto Gaston Orci is a Mexican-American film and television writer and producer.
/m/07tcs	Uppsala is the capital of Uppsala County and the fourth largest city of Sweden. It had 140,454 inhabitants in 2010.\nLocated 71 km north of the capital Stockholm, it is also the seat of the Uppsala Municipality. Since 1164, Uppsala has been the ecclesiastical centre of Sweden, being the seat of the Archbishop of the Church of Sweden. Founded in 1477, Uppsala University is the oldest centre of higher education in Scandinavia.
/m/0gkr9q	The Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Directing for a Drama Series is an Emmy presented to the best directing of a television drama series.
/m/01kkg5	The Columbus Crew is an American professional soccer club based in Columbus, Ohio which competes in Major League Soccer. It is one of the ten charter clubs of MLS, having competed in the league since its inception.\nThe Crew were owned by Lamar Hunt, who also owned the Kansas City Chiefs, Kansas City Wizards, and Dallas Burn until his death in 2006, when his son Clark Hunt took ownership of his sports properties. In 2013 Hunt's majority stake in the club was sold to Anthony Precourt and Precourt Sports Ventures. The Crew currently play their home games at Columbus Crew Stadium, the first professional soccer-specific stadium ever built in the United States, with a seating capacity of 22,555 as of the 2013 Season. From 1996 to 1998, the Crew played their home games at Ohio Stadium on the campus of the Ohio State University.\nThe Crew has won five major trophies: MLS Cup 2008, the 2004, 2008, and 2009 Supporters' Shields, and the 2002 Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup. The Crew won the 2002 Open Cup by defeating the Los Angeles Galaxy, 1–0, at Columbus Crew Stadium. The Crew then won its first MLS Supporters' Shield in 2004 in a tie-breaker over the Kansas City Wizards. In 2008 the Crew won its second Supporters' Shield en route to defeating the New York Red Bulls in MLS Cup 2008, 3–1.
/m/039g82	Edward Leonard \"Ed\" O'Neill is an American actor. He is best known for his role as the main character, Al Bundy, on the Fox TV Network sitcom Married... with Children, for which he was nominated for two Golden Globes. Since 2009, O'Neill has been playing patriarch Jay Pritchett on the award-winning ABC sitcom Modern Family, a role for which he was nominated for three Primetime Emmy Awards and won three Screen Actors Guild Awards.
/m/0160nk	Tulane University is a private, nonsectarian research university located in New Orleans, Louisiana, United States. Founded as a public medical college in 1834, the school grew into a comprehensive university in 1847 and was eventually privatized under the endowments of Paul Tulane and Josephine Louise Newcomb in 1884. Tulane is a member of the Association of American Universities.
/m/0k4j	An automobile, autocar, motor car or car is a wheeled motor vehicle used for transporting passengers, which also carries its own engine or motor. Most definitions of the term specify that automobiles are designed to run primarily on roads, to have seating for one to eight people, to typically have four wheels, and to be constructed principally for the transport of people rather than goods.\nThe year 1886 is regarded the year of birth of the modern automobile - with the Benz Patent-Motorwagen, by German inventor Karl Benz. Motorized wagons soon replaced animal-drafted carriages, especially after automobiles became affordable for many people when the Ford Model T was introduced in 1908.\nThe term motorcar has formerly also been used in the context of electrified rail systems to denote a car which functions as a small locomotive but also provides space for passengers and baggage. These locomotive cars were often used on suburban routes by both interurban and intercity railroad systems.\nIt was estimated in 2010 that the number of automobiles had risen to over 1 billion vehicles, up from the 500 million of 1986. The numbers are increasing rapidly, especially in China, India and other NICs.
/m/07k51gd	Chris Colfer is an actor and screenwriter.
/m/024fxq	The Grammy Award for Best Musical Album for Children was an honor presented to recording artists for quality children's music albums at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position\".\nThe award for Best Musical Album for Children was first presented to producer Alan Menken and Tim Rice in 1994 for the soundtrack to the Disney film Aladdin. Prior to 1994 the award was combined with the award for Best Spoken Word Album for Children as the Grammy Award for Best Album for Children.\nThe award will be discontinued from 2012 in a major overhaul of Grammy categories. From 2012, this category will merge with the Best Spoken Word Album for Children category to form the new Best Children's Album category. This is basically a return to the situation prior to 1994.
/m/09pl3f	Alex Kurtzman is an American film and television writer, producer and director.
/m/02b1d0	Livingston Football Club, is a Scottish football club based in Livingston, West Lothian.\nLivingston currently play in the Scottish Championship and were founded in 1943 as Ferranti Thistle, a works team. The club was admitted to the Scottish Football League and renamed as Meadowbank Thistle in 1974, and played its matches at Meadowbank Stadium in Edinburgh. In 1995, the club was relocated to Livingston, West Lothian and renamed after the town. Since then Livingston have played their home games at the Almondvale Stadium. In the ten years following the move to Livingston the club enjoyed significant success, winning promotion to the Scottish Premier League in 2001, qualifying for the UEFA Cup in its maiden season in the top flight and winning the 2004 Scottish League Cup. However, the club hit financial problems in 2004, and was relegated to the Scottish First Division in 2006. In July 2009 the club faced further financial problems and were on the verge of being liquidated before a deal was struck to save the club. Livingston were subsequently demoted to the Scottish Third Division, but the club has since achieved consecutive promotions and has now regained its place in the second tier.
/m/02t1dv	Kotono Mitsuishi is a prolific Japanese voice actress from Tokyo. As a young girl, Mitsuishi lived in Nagareyama, Chiba. Mitsuishi graduated from high school in 1986, and entered the Katsuta Voice Actor's Academy. While attending the academy, she began working part time as an elevator girl in the Sunshine 60 building. Afterward, she found a position as an office lady, but because of taking too much time off, she was forced to quit.\nIn 1988, Mitsuishi made her voice acting debut as Tomoyo in the OVA Ace wo Nerae! 2. She became an instant celebrity with her role as Usagi Tsukino, when Sailor Moon debuted in 1992, and her popularity increased again with her role as Misato Katsuragi in the anime TV series Neon Genesis Evangelion, as well as Murrue Ramius in both Mobile Suit Gundam SEED and Mobile Suit Gundam SEED Destiny, in 2002 and 2004 respectively. She later voices the popular character in the One Piece series Boa Hancock, which has become popular due to her character being the only female in the series to have ever shown any romantic affections to the male protagonist. She is considered one of the most influential voice actresses in the business; the animated adaptation of Ebichu was largely produced because of her interest in the project.
/m/028c_8	Catcher is a position for a baseball or softball player. When a batter takes his turn to hit, the catcher crouches behind home plate, in front of the umpire, and receives the ball from the pitcher. This is a catcher's primary duty, but he is also called upon to master many other skills in order to field his position well. The role of the catcher is similar to that of the wicket-keeper in cricket.\nPositioned behind home plate, the catcher can see the whole field; therefore, he is in the best position to direct and lead the other players in a defensive play. The catcher typically calls for pitches by means of hand signals; therefore, he/she must be aware of the pitcher's mechanics and strengths, as well as the batter's tendencies and weaknesses. Foul tips, bouncing balls in the dirt, and contact with runners during plays at the plate are all part of the catcher's job, so protective equipment must be worn. This includes a mask, chest and throat protectors, shin guards, and an extra-thick glove.\nBecause the position requires a comprehensive understanding of the game's strategies, the pool of former catchers yields a disproportionate number of Major and Minor-League managers, including such prominent examples as Connie Mack, Steve O'Neill, Al Lopez, Yogi Berra, Mike Scioscia, Bruce Bochy, Joe Torre, and Mike Matheny. The physical and mental strain of being involved on every defensive play can wear catchers down over a long season, and can have a negative effect on their offensive output.
/m/01h4rj	Robert Langford Modini Stack was a multilingual American actor and television host. In addition to acting in more than 40 feature films, he starred in the 1959–63 television series The Untouchables and later hosted Unsolved Mysteries from 1987 until 2002.
/m/0mx0f	Yamhill County is a county located in the Willamette Valley region of the U.S. state of Oregon. As of the 2010 census, the population was 99,193. The county seat is McMinnville. According to Oregon Geographic Names, the origin of the name is uncertain, but is probably from an explorer's name for a local Native American tribe, the Yamhill, who are part of the North Kalapuyan family.\nYamhill County is included in the Portland metropolitan area.
/m/056878	The 47th Annual Grammy Awards were held on February 13, 2005 at the Staples Center in Los Angeles. They were hosted by Queen Latifah, and televised in the United States by CBS. They recognized accomplishments by musicians from the previous year. Ray Charles, whom the event was dedicated in memory of, posthumously won five Grammy Awards while his album, Genius Loves Company, won a total of eight. Kanye West received the most nominations, with ten.
/m/055qm	Marathi is an Indo-Aryan language. It is the official language of Maharashtra state of India and is one of the 23 official languages of India. There were 73 million speakers in 2001. Marathi has the fourth largest number of native speakers in India The major dialects of Marathi are called Standard Marathi and Warhadi Marathi. There are a few other sub-dialects like Ahirani, Dangi, Vadvali, Samavedi, Khandeshi, and Malwani. Standard Marathi is the official language of the State of Maharashtra.
/m/0cymp	Westchester County, locally known as Westchester, is a county located in the U.S. state of New York. Westchester covers an area of 450 square miles and has a population of 949,113 according to the 2010 Census, containing 45 municipalities. The county, established in 1683, was named after the city of Chester in England. The county seat of Westchester is the city of White Plains.\nThe county's location puts New York City and the Long Island Sound to its south, Putnam County to its north, Fairfield County, Connecticut to its east, and Rockland County as well as New Jersey to the west across the Hudson River. Westchester became the first suburban area of its scale in world to develop. Its significance as a suburb derived mostly from the upper-middle class development of entire communities in the late 19th century, and the rapid population growth that occurred as a result.\nAccording to 2011 U.S. Census Bureau data, the per-capita income in the county was $47,814 and the median income for a household in the county was $77,006. In terms of household income, Westchester County is the fifth-wealthiest county in New York and is the forty-seventh wealthiest county nationally. Westchester County ranks second after New York County in terms of highest median income per person, with a higher concentration of incomes in smaller households.
/m/0jwmp	Brazil is a 1985 British film directed by Terry Gilliam and written by Gilliam, Charles McKeown, and Tom Stoppard. British National Cinema by Sarah Street describes the film as a \"fantasy/satire on bureaucratic society\" while John Scalzi's Rough Guide to Sci-Fi Movies describes it as a \"dystopian satire\". The film stars Jonathan Pryce and features Robert De Niro, Kim Greist, Michael Palin, Katherine Helmond, Bob Hoskins, and Ian Holm.\nThe film centres on Sam Lowry, a man trying to find a woman who appears in his dreams while he is working in a mind-numbing job and living a life in a small apartment, set in a consumer-driven dystopian world in which there is an over-reliance on poorly maintained machines. Brazil's bureaucratic, totalitarian government is reminiscent of the government depicted in George Orwell's Nineteen Eighty-Four, except that it has a buffoonish, slapstick quality and lacks a Big Brother figure.\nJack Mathews, film critic and author of The Battle of Brazil, described the film as \"satirizing the bureaucratic, largely dysfunctional industrial world that had been driving Gilliam crazy all his life\". Though a success in Europe, the film was unsuccessful in its initial North America release. It has since become a cult film.
/m/01_fjr	A deputy prime minister or vice prime minister is, in some countries, a government minister who can take the position of acting prime minister when the prime minister is temporarily absent. The position is often likened to that of a vice president, but is significantly different, though both positions are \"number two\" offices. The position of deputy prime minister should not be confused with the Canadian office of the Deputy Minister of the Prime Minister of Canada, which is a non-political civil servant position. The states of Australia and provinces of Canada each have the analogous office of deputy premier. In the devolved administrations of the United Kingdom, an analogous position is that of the deputy first minister although this position in Northern Ireland has the same powers as the First Minister..\nA deputy prime minister traditionally serves as acting prime minister when the real prime minister is temporarily absent or incapable of exercising his/her power. For this reason the deputy prime minister is often asked to succeed to the prime minister's office following the prime minister's sudden death or unexpected resignation, although this is not necessarily constitutionally mandated.
/m/0ck6r	Swansea, officially known as the City and County of Swansea, is a coastal city and county in Wales. It is Wales' second largest city and the UK's twenty-sixth largest city. Swansea lies within the historic county boundaries of Glamorgan. Situated on the sandy South West Wales coast, the county area includes the Gower Peninsula and the Lliw uplands. The City and County of Swansea had a population of 239,000 in 2011, making it the second most populous local authority area in Wales after Cardiff. During its 19th-century industrial heyday, Swansea was a key centre of the copper industry, earning the nickname 'Copperopolis'.
/m/0gtvpkw	To Rome with Love is a 2012 magical realist romantic comedy film written and directed by and starring Woody Allen in his first acting appearance since 2006. The film is set in Rome, Italy; it was released in Italian theaters on April 13, 2012, and opened in Los Angeles and New York City on June 22, 2012.\nThe film features an ensemble cast, and Allen himself. The story is told in four separate vignettes: a clerk who wakes up to find himself a celebrity, an architect who takes a trip back to the street he lived on as a student, a young couple on their honeymoon, and an Italian funeral director whose uncanny singing ability enraptures his soon to be in-law, an American opera director.
/m/0p828	Frankfurt (Oder) is a town in Brandenburg, Germany, located on the Oder River, on the German-Polish border directly opposite the town of Słubice which was part of Frankfurt until 1945. At the end of the 1980s it reached a population peak with more than 87,000 inhabitants. The number dropped below 70,000 in 2002 and was just above 60,000 in 2010.\nThe official name Frankfurt (Oder) and the older Frankfurt an der Oder are used to distinguish it from the larger city of Frankfurt am Main.
/m/013fn	The Australian Broadcasting Corporation is Australia's national public broadcaster. With a total annual budget of A$1.22 billion, the corporation provides television, radio, online and mobile services throughout metropolitan and regional Australia, as well as overseas through the Australia Network and Radio Australia.\nFounded in 1929 as the Australian Broadcasting Company, it was subsequently made a state-owned corporation on 1 July 1932, as the Australian Broadcasting Commission. The Australian Broadcasting Corporation Act 1983 changed the name of the organisation to the Australian Broadcasting Corporation, effective 1 July 1983. Although funded and owned by the government, the ABC remains editorially independent as ensured through the Australian Broadcasting Corporation Act 1983.\nThe ABC is sometimes informally referred to as \"Aunty\" originally in imitation of the BBC's nickname.
/m/0qf3p	Bryan Ferry, CBE, is an English singer, musician, and songwriter known for his vocal and sartorial style and for his re-working of standards in albums such as These Foolish Things, As Time Goes By and The Jazz Age. Ferry came to prominence in the early 1970s as lead vocalist and principal songwriter with the band Roxy Music, which enjoyed a highly successful career with three number one albums and ten singles entering the top ten charts in the United Kingdom during the 1970s and '80s, including \"Virginia Plain\", \"Street Life\" and \"Jealous Guy\".\nFerry began his solo career in 1973, while still a member of Roxy Music, which he continues to the present day. His solo hits include \"A Hard Rain's A-Gonna Fall\", \"Let's Stick Together\" and \"Slave to Love\".\nWhen his sales as a solo artist and as a member of Roxy Music are combined, Ferry has sold over 30 million albums worldwide.
/m/07gvx	Taoism is a philosophical, ethical, and religious tradition of Chinese origin that emphasizes living in harmony with the Tao. The term Tao means \"way\", \"path\" or \"principle\", and can also be found in Chinese philosophies and religions other than Taoism. In Taoism, however, Tao denotes something that is both the source and the driving force behind everything that exists. It is ultimately ineffable: \"The Tao that can be told is not the eternal Tao.\"\nWhile Taoism drew its cosmological notions from the tenets of the School of Yin Yang, the Tao Te Ching, a compact and ambiguous book containing teachings attributed to Laozi, is widely considered its keystone work. Together with the writings of Zhuangzi, these two texts build the philosophical foundation of Taoism. This philosophical Taoism, individualistic by nature, is not institutionalized.\nInstitutionalized forms, however, evolved over time in the shape of a number of different schools. Taoist schools traditionally feature reverence for Laozi, immortals or ancestors, along with a variety of divination and exorcism rituals, and practices for achieving ecstasy, longevity or immortality.
/m/013km	Akira Toriyama is a Japanese manga artist and game artist. He is best known for his manga series Dr. Slump and Dragon Ball, as well as for being the character designer for the Dragon Quest series of video games. Toriyama is regarded as one of the artists that changed the history of manga, as his works are highly influential and popular, particularly Dragon Ball, which many manga artists cite as a source of inspiration.\nHe earned the 1981 Shogakukan Manga Award for best shōnen or shōjo manga with Dr. Slump, and it went on to sell over 35 million copies in Japan. It was adapted into a successful anime series, with a second anime created in 1997, 13 years after the manga ended. His next series, Dragon Ball, would become one of the most popular and successful manga in the world. Having sold more than 230 million copies worldwide, it is the second best-selling manga of all time and is considered to be one of the main reasons for the \"Golden Age of Jump,\" the period between the mid-1980s and the mid-1990s when manga circulation was at its highest. Overseas, Dragon Ball's anime adaptations have been more successful than the manga and are credited with boosting Japanese animation's popularity in the Western world.
/m/072zl1	Pride & Prejudice is a 2005 British romance film directed by Joe Wright and based on Jane Austen's novel of the same name, published in 1813. The film depicts five sisters from an English family of landed gentry as they deal with issues of marriage, morality and misconceptions. Keira Knightley stars in the lead role of Elizabeth Bennet, while Matthew Macfadyen plays her romantic interest Mr Darcy. Produced by Working Title Films in association with StudioCanal, the film was released on 16 September 2005 in the United Kingdom and Ireland and on 11 November in the United States.\nScreenwriter Deborah Moggach initially attempted to make her script as faithful to the novel as possible, writing from Elizabeth's perspective while preserving much of the original dialogue. Wright, who was directing his first feature film, encouraged greater deviation from the text, including changing the dynamics within the Bennet family. Wright and Moggach set the film in an earlier period and avoided depicting a \"perfectly clean Regency world\", presenting instead a \"muddy hem version\" of the time. It was shot entirely on location in England on an 15-week schedule. Wright found casting difficult due to past performances of particular characters. The filmmakers had to balance who they thought was best for each role with the studio's desire for stars. Knightley was well-known in part from her work in the Pirates of the Caribbean film series, while Macfadyen had no international name recognition.
/m/06yj20	Heather Ann O'Reilly, also known by her initials HAO, is a member of the United States women's national soccer team and a three-time Olympic Gold medalist. She is a midfielder currently playing for the Boston Breakers in National Women's Soccer League.
/m/0674l0	Shochiku Company Limited is a Japanese movie studio and production company for kabuki. It also produces and distributes anime films. Its best remembered directors include Yasujirō Ozu, Kenji Mizoguchi, Mikio Naruse, Keisuke Kinoshita and Yōji Yamada. Shochiku has also produced films by highly regarded independent and \"loner\" directors such as Takashi Miike, Takeshi Kitano, Akira Kurosawa and Taiwanese New Wave director Hou Hsiao-Hsien.\nThe company was founded in 1895 by brothers Takejirō Otani and Matsujirō Shirai as a kabuki production company, and named in 1902 after the combined characters of take and matsu from their names, reflecting the traditional three symbols of happiness, bamboo, pine, and plum. The name was initially read as the kunyomi matsutake, but changed in 1937 to the onyomi shōchiku.\nShochiku grew quickly, expanding its business to many other Japanese live theatric styles, like Noh and Bunraku. The company began making films in 1920 and was the first film studio to abandon the use of female impersonators and sought to model itself and its films after Hollywood standards, bringing such things as the star system and the sound stage to Japan. By the early 1930s, Shochiku had begun to specialise in the shomin-geki genre in which Ozu and Naruse worked.
/m/02906	Doctor Who is a British science-fiction television programme produced by the BBC. The programme depicts the adventures of the Doctor, a Time Lord—a time-travelling humanoid alien. He explores the universe in his TARDIS, a sentient time-travelling space ship. Its exterior appears as a blue British police box, which was a common sight in Britain in 1963 when the series first aired. Along with a succession of companions, the Doctor faces a variety of foes while working to save civilisations, help ordinary people, and right wrongs.\nThe show has received recognition as one of Britain's finest television programmes, winning the 2006 British Academy Television Award for Best Drama Series and five consecutive awards at the National Television Awards during Russell T Davies's tenure as executive producer. In 2011, Matt Smith became the first Doctor to be nominated for a BAFTA Television Award for Best Actor. In 2013, the Peabody Awards honoured Doctor Who with an Institutional Peabody \"for evolving with technology and the times like nothing else in the known television universe.\" The programme is listed in Guinness World Records as the longest-running science fiction television show in the world, the \"most successful\" science fiction series of all time—based on its over-all broadcast ratings, DVD and book sales, and iTunes traffic— and for the largest ever simulcast of a TV drama with its 50th anniversary special. During its original run, it was recognised for its imaginative stories, creative low-budget special effects, and pioneering use of electronic music.
/m/02krdz	Freddy Got Fingered is a 2001 American comedy film directed, co-written by and starring Tom Green. The film follows Green as Gordon \"Gord\" Brody, a 28-year-old slacker who wishes to become a professional cartoonist. The film's plot resembles Green's struggles as a young man trying to get his TV series picked up, which would later become the popular MTV show The Tom Green Show.\nThe film was critically panned at the time of its release, many considering it one of the worst films of all time. It won 5 Golden Raspberry Awards out of 8 nominations, as well as a Dallas-Fort Worth Film Critics Association Award for Worst Picture. The film received a cult following, and was also met with more positive praise over time, most notably from The New York Times, Metacritic, IFC.com and Splitsider. Despite performing poorly at the box office, the film became a financial success by selling millions of copies on DVD.
/m/07ww5	The Virgin Islands of the United States are a group of islands in the Caribbean that are an insular area of the United States. The islands are geographically part of the Virgin Islands archipelago and are located in the Leeward Islands of the Lesser Antilles.\nThe U.S. Virgin Islands consist of the main islands of Saint Croix, Saint John, and Saint Thomas, along with the much smaller but historically distinct Water Island, and many other surrounding minor islands. The total land area of the territory is 133.73 square miles. The territory's capital is Charlotte Amalie on the island of Saint Thomas.\nAs of the 2010 U.S. Census, the population was 106,405, mostly composed by those of Afro-Caribbean descent. Tourism is the primary economic activity, although there is a significant rum manufacturing sector.\nFormerly the Danish West Indies, they were sold to the United States by Denmark in the Treaty of the Danish West Indies of 1916. They are classified by the UN as a Non-Self-Governing Territory, and are currently an organized, unincorporated United States territory. The U.S. Virgin Islands are organized under the 1954 Revised Organic Act of the Virgin Islands and have since held five constitutional conventions. The last and only proposed Constitution, adopted by the Fifth Constitutional Convention in 2009, was rejected by the U.S. Congress in 2010, which urged the convention to reconvene to address the concerns Congress and the Obama Administration had with the proposed document. The convention reconvened in October 2012 to address these concerns, but was unable to produce a revised Constitution before its October 31 deadline.
/m/02yvhx	The 74th Academy Awards ceremony, presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, honored films released in 2001 and took place on March 24, 2002, at the Kodak Theatre in Hollywood, Los Angeles. During the ceremony, AMPAS presented Academy Awards in 24 categories. The ceremony, televised in the United States by ABC, was produced by Laura Ziskin and directed by Louis J. Horvitz. Actress Whoopi Goldberg hosted the show for the fourth time. She first hosted the 66th ceremony held in 1994 and had last hosted the 71st ceremony in 1999. Three weeks earlier in a ceremony held at the Regent Beverly Wilshire Hotel in Beverly Hills, California held on March 2, the Academy Awards for Technical Achievement were presented by host Charlize Theron.\nA Beautiful Mind won four awards, including Best Picture and Best Director for Ron Howard. The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring also won four awards, all in the technical categories. Other winners included Black Hawk Down and Moulin Rouge! with two awards each, and The Accountant, For the Birds, Gosford Park, Iris, Monster's Ball, Monsters, Inc., Murder on a Sunday Morning, No Man's Land, Pearl Harbor, Shrek, Thoth, and Training Day, with one. The telecast garnered nearly 41 million viewers in the United States.
/m/033q4k	Sonoma State University is a public comprehensive university which is part of the 23-campus California State University system. The main campus is located in Rohnert Park, California, United States approximately 10 miles south of Santa Rosa and 50 miles north of San Francisco. The university is one of the smallest of the 23 CSU campuses in California. The university offers 92 Bachelor's degrees, 19 Master's degrees, one Doctoral degree, and 11 teaching credentials.\nThe Princeton Review has regularly named SSU a \"Best Value\" College, and also ranked it as one of the nation's 12 most \"green\" campuses.
/m/0237fw	Heath Andrew Ledger was an Australian actor and director. After performing roles in Australian television and film during the 1990s, Ledger left for the United States in 1998 to develop his film career. His work comprised nineteen films, including 10 Things I Hate About You, The Patriot, A Knight's Tale, Monster's Ball, Ned Kelly, The Brothers Grimm, Lords of Dogtown, Brokeback Mountain, Casanova, Candy, I'm Not There, The Dark Knight, and The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus. He also produced and directed music videos, and aspired to be a film director.\nFor his portrayal of Ennis Del Mar in Brokeback Mountain, Ledger won the New York Film Critics Circle Award for Best Actor and Best International Actor from the Australian Film Institute, and was nominated for the BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role and for the Academy Award for Best Actor. Posthumously he shared the 2007 Independent Spirit Robert Altman Award with the rest of the ensemble cast, the director, and the casting director for the film I'm Not There, which was inspired by the life and songs of American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan. In the film, Ledger portrayed a fictional actor named Robbie Clark, one of six characters embodying aspects of Dylan's life and persona.
/m/01399x	The pipe organ is a musical instrument commonly used in churches or cathedrals that produces sound by driving pressurized air through pipes selected via a keyboard. Because each organ pipe produces a single pitch, the pipes are provided in sets called ranks, each of which has a common timbre and volume throughout the keyboard compass. Most organs have multiple ranks of pipes of differing timbre, pitch and loudness that the player can employ singly or in combination through the use of controls called stops.\nA pipe organ has one or more keyboards played by the hands, and a pedalboard played by the feet, each of which has its own group of stops. The organ's continuous supply of wind allows it to sustain notes for as long as the corresponding keys are depressed, unlike the piano and harpsichord whose sound begins to decay immediately after attack. The smallest portable pipe organs may have only one or two dozen pipes and one manual; the largest may have over 20,000 pipes and seven manuals. A list of the some of the most notable and largest pipe organs in the world can be viewed at List of pipe organs.\nThe origins of the pipe organ can be traced back to the hydraulis in Ancient Greece in the 3rd century BC, in which the wind supply was created with water pressure. By the 6th or 7th century AD, bellows were used to supply organs with wind. Beginning in the 12th century, the organ began to evolve into a complex instrument capable of producing different timbres. By the 17th century, most of the sounds available on the modern classical organ had been developed. From that time, the pipe organ was the most complex man-made device, a distinction it retained until it was displaced by the telephone exchange in the late 19th century.
/m/04511f	Brannon Braga is an award-winning American television producer, director and screenwriter currently serving as an Executive Producer on the Fox primetime series Cosmos: A Space-Time Odyssey, a re-launch of the iconic 1980 miniseries hosted by Carl Sagan. Best known for his work on one of the most enduring pop culture fixtures, Star Trek, Braga was a key creative force behind three of the four modern series within the top-rated franchise. He later became an Executive Producer and writer on popular Fox shows including the award-winning drama series 24, and most recently, the epic Steven Spielberg family adventure Terra Nova.
/m/0b6p3qf	The Oklahoma City Barons are a professional ice hockey team in West Division of the American Hockey League, and serve as the top affiliate for the Edmonton Oilers of the National Hockey League. The team's first season was 2010–11. They play their home games at the Cox Convention Center, in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.
/m/0ftlxj	The 33rd Academy Awards, honoring the best in film for 1960, were held on April 17, 1961, at the Santa Monica Civic Auditorium in Santa Monica, California. They were hosted by Bob Hope.\nGary Cooper was too ill to attend the ceremony, so his close friend James Stewart accepted the Honorary Oscar on his behalf. Stewart's emotional speech hinted that something was seriously wrong, and the next day newspapers ran the headline, \"Gary Cooper has cancer.\" One month later, on May 13, 1961, six days after his 60th birthday, Cooper died.\nThe Apartment marked the last black and white film to win Best Picture during the era when use of black and white film was still common, as well as the last until 1993 when Schindler's List won.\nDespite receiving mixed-to-negative reception and bombing at the box office, The Alamo received several Oscar nominations over better-regarded films like Psycho, Spartacus, and Swiss Family Robinson was largely due to intense lobbying by its lead actor/producer/director John Wayne. The film is thought to have been denied awards because Academy voters were alienated by an overblown publicity campaign by Wayne and United Artists, particularly one Variety ad claiming that the film's cast was praying harder for Chill Wills to win his award than the defenders of the Alamo prayed for their lives before the battle. The ad, placed by Wills, reportedly angered Wayne, who took out an ad of his own deploring Wills's tastelessness. In response to Wills's ad, claiming that all the voters were his \"Alamo Cousins,\" Groucho Marx took out a small ad which simply said, \"Dear Mr. Wills, I am delighted to be your cousin, but I voted for Sal Mineo,\".
/m/02ryyk	The Republic of Ireland national football team represents Ireland in association football. It is governed by the Football Association of Ireland and plays its home fixtures at the Aviva Stadium in Dublin.\nThe team made its debut at the 1924 Summer Olympics, reaching the quarter-finals. Between 1924 and 1936, the team competed as the Irish Free State and from then until 1950, it was referred to by the FAI as Éire or Ireland. In 1953, FIFA decreed that for competitive matches in tournaments that both Irish teams may enter, the FAI team would be officially called the Republic of Ireland while the IFA team was to be named Northern Ireland.\nUnder the guidance of Jack Charlton and his successor Mick McCarthy, the team enjoyed its most successful era, qualifying for UEFA Euro 1988 in their first appearance at the UEFA European Championship, reaching the quarterfinals of the 1990 FIFA World Cup in their first ever appearance at the finals, and making the last 16 at both the 1994 and 2002 FIFA World Cups. Under Giovanni Trapattoni, the team narrowly lost out on qualification for the 2010 FIFA World Cup during a controversial play-off but went on to qualify for UEFA Euro 2012. The team failed to qualify for the 2014 FIFA World Cup in Brazil which marked the end of Giovanni Trapattoni. For the next qualifying campaign under new manager Martin O'Neill, Ireland have been drawn with Germany, Poland, Scotland, Georgia and Gibraltar.
/m/03kxj2	Addams Family Values is a 1993 American film, which is the sequel to the 1991 American comedy film The Addams Family. It was written by Paul Rudnick and directed by Barry Sonnenfeld, and features many cast members from the original, including Raúl Juliá, Anjelica Huston, Christopher Lloyd, Carel Struycken, Jimmy Workman, Christina Ricci, Joan Cusack, David Krumholtz, and Christopher Hart. Compared to its predecessor, which retained something of the madcap approach of the 1960s sitcom, Values is played more for macabre laughs.
/m/02h7qr	Towson University, often referred to as TU or simply Towson for short, is a public university located in Towson in Baltimore County, Maryland, U.S. It is a part of the University System of Maryland.\nFounded in 1866 as Maryland's first training school for teachers, Towson University has evolved into a 4-year degree granting institution consisting of 8 colleges with over 20,000 students enrolled. Towson is one of the largest public universities in Maryland and still produces the most teachers of any university in the state.\nThe U.S. News & World Report ranked Towson University 8th in the Public Universities-Master’s category for its 2010 America's Best Colleges issue. Forbes included Towson University in its 2009 list of the top 100 public colleges and universities in the United States. Kiplinger's Personal Finance magazine named Towson University one of the top 100 best values in public colleges for the 2008-2009 academic year.
/m/0gr51	The Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay is the Academy Award for the best script not based upon previously published material. It was created for 1940 as a separate writing award from the Academy Award for Best Story. Beginning with the Oscars for 1957, the two categories were combined to honor only the screenplay. In 2002, the name of the award was changed from \"Writing\" to \"Writing (Original Screenplay)\".
/m/0123qq	Angel is an American television series, a spin-off from the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer. The series was created by Buffy's creator, Joss Whedon, in collaboration with David Greenwalt. It aired on The WB from October 5, 1999, to May 19, 2004, consisting of five seasons and 110 episodes. Like Buffy, it was produced by Whedon's production company, Mutant Enemy.\nThe show details the ongoing trials of Angel, a vampire whose human soul was restored to him by gypsies as a punishment for the murder of one of their own. After more than a century of murder and the torture of innocents, Angel's restored soul torments him with guilt and remorse. During the first four seasons of the show, he works as a private detective in a fictionalized version of Los Angeles, California, where he and a variety of associates work to \"help the hopeless\", restoring the faith and saving the souls of those who have lost their way. Typically, this involves doing battle with evil demons or demonically allied humans, primarily related to Wolfram & Hart, a demonic law firm. He must also battle his own demonic nature.
/m/0jnb0	Frederick Bean Avery, called \"Tex\", \"Fred\" or \"Texas\", was an American animator, cartoonist, voice actor and director, famous for producing animated cartoons during The Golden Age of Hollywood animation. He did his most significant work for the Warner Bros. and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer studios, creating the characters of Bugs Bunny, Daffy Duck, Droopy, Screwy Squirrel, and developing Porky Pig, Chilly Willy into the personas for which they are remembered.\nAvery's influence can be seen in almost all of the animated cartoon series by various studios in the 1940s and 1950s. Gary Morris described Avery's innovative approach:\nAvery's style of directing encouraged animators to stretch the boundaries of the medium to do things in a cartoon that could not be done in the world of live-action film. An often-quoted line about Avery's cartoons was, \"In a cartoon you can do anything.\" He also performed a great deal of voice work in his cartoons, usually throwaway bits, but Tex also voiced Junior from George and Junior and occasionally filled in for Bill Thompson as Droopy.
/m/02_1q9	Another World is an American television soap opera that ran on NBC for 35 years from May 4, 1964 to June 25, 1999. It was created by Irna Phillips along with William J. Bell, and was produced by Procter & Gamble Productions at NBC Studios, 1268 East 14th Street in Brooklyn.\nSet in the fictional town of Bay City, the show in its early years opens with announcer Bill Wolff intoning its epigram, “We do not live in this world alone, but in a thousand other worlds,” which Phillips said represented the difference between “the world of events we live in, and the world of feelings and dreams that we strive for.” Another World focused less on the conventional drama of domestic life as seen in other soap operas, and more on exotic melodrama between families of different classes and philosophies.\nIn 1964, Another World was the first soap opera to talk about abortion when such subjects were taboo. It was the first soap opera to do a crossover, with the character of Mike Bauer from Guiding Light, which was also created by Irna Phillips, coming from Springfield to Bay City. It was also the first to expand to one hour, then to ninety minutes, and then back to an hour. It was the first soap to launch two spin-offs, Somerset and Texas, as well as an indirect one, Lovers and Friends, which would be renamed For Richer, For Poorer. Another World was also the first soap opera with a theme song to chart on the Billboard Hot 100, \" Another World\" by Crystal Gayle and Gary Morris, in 1987. In 1999, it was announced that NBC had cancelled Another World. Shortly after its conclusion, it was replaced by another soap opera, Passions.
/m/020ngt	Horror punk is a music genre that mixes Gothic and punk rock sounds with morbid or violent imagery and lyrics, which are often influenced by horror films or science fiction B-movies. The genre is similar to and sometimes overlaps with deathrock, although deathrock leans more towards an atmospheric Gothic rock sound while horror punk leans towards a 1950s-influenced doo-wop and rockabilly sound. Horrorpunk music is typically more aggressive and melodic than deathrock.\nThe Misfits are recognized as the progenitors of horror punk, releasing a series of singles and EPs beginning in 1977 before releasing their first full-length album Walk Among Us in 1982.\nHorror punk is generally apolitical in comparison to other punk rock subgenres, although some songs do refer to political events, and some artists like Jack Grisham and Michale Graves have espoused their own political views.\nHorror hardcore, a term coined by Dwid Hellion, refers to a hybrid of horror punk and hardcore punk. The Misfits' 1983 album Earth A.D. inaugurated this style and the bands Septic Death, The Banner, and Integrity have also been categorized into this subgenre. A few bands in the post-hardcore subgenre have at certain times sounded like horror punk, such as AFI, My Chemical Romance, Aiden, Vampires Everywhere! and Snow White's Poison Bite.
/m/0yl_3	Jesus College is one of the colleges of the University of Oxford in England. It is in the centre of the city, on a site between Turl Street, Ship Street, Cornmarket Street and Market Street. The college was founded by Elizabeth I on 27 June 1571 for the education of clergy, though students now study a broad range of secular subjects. A major driving force behind the establishment of the college was Hugh Price, a churchman from Brecon in Wales. The oldest buildings, in the first quadrangle, date from the 16th and early 17th centuries; a second quadrangle was added between about 1640 and about 1713, and a third quadrangle was built in about 1906. Further accommodation was built on the main site to mark the 400th anniversary of the college, in 1971, and student flats have been constructed at sites in north and east Oxford.\nThe life of the college was disrupted by the English Civil War. Leoline Jenkins, who became principal after the war in 1661, put the college on a more stable financial footing. Little happened at the college during the 18th century, and the 19th century saw a decline in numbers and academic standards. Reforms of Oxford University after two Royal Commissions in the latter half of the 19th century led to removal of many of the restrictions placed on the college's fellowships and scholarships, such that the college ceased to be predominantly full of Welsh students and academics. Students' academic achievements rose in the early 20th century as fellows were appointed to teach in new subjects. Women were first admitted in 1974 and now form a large part of the undergraduate population.
/m/0dt9_	The Nationalist Party of Australia was an Australian political party. It was formed on 17 February 1917 from a merger between the conservative Commonwealth Liberal Party and the National Labor Party, the name given to the pro-conscription defectors from the Australian Labor Party led by Prime Minister Billy Hughes. The Nationalist Party held government until 1929. From then it was the major opposition to the Labor party until it merged with pro-Joseph Lyons Labor defectors to form the United Australia Party in 1931, which was the predecessor to the 1944 foundation of the Liberal Party of Australia.
/m/049c6t	Earache Records is a heavy metal-oriented record label based in Nottingham, England and New York, United States. It helped to pioneer extreme metal by releasing many of the earliest grindcore and death metal records in the period 1988–1994.
/m/0s3y5	Urbana is a city in and the county seat of Champaign County, Illinois, United States. The population was 41,250 at the 2010 census. Urbana is the tenth-most populous city in Illinois outside of the Chicago metropolitan area.\nMost of the campus of the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign is located in Urbana.
/m/012q4n	Rolf Peter Ingvar Storm, known professionally as Peter Stormare, is a Swedish film, stage, voice and television actor, as well as a theatrical director, playwright and musician. Stormare is probably best known in the United States for playing Gaear Grimsrud in the Academy Award-winning film Fargo.
/m/048g08	Labor rights or workers' rights are a group of legal rights and claimed human rights having to do with labor relations between workers and their employers, usually obtained under labor and employment law. In general, these rights' debates have to do with negotiating workers' pay, benefits, and safe working conditions. One of the most central of these rights is the right to unionize. Unions take advantage of collective bargaining and industrial action to increase their members' wages and otherwise change their working situation. Labor rights can also take in the form of worker's control and worker's self management in which workers have a democratic voice in decision and policy making. The labor movement initially focused on this \"right to unionize\", but attention has shifted elsewhere.\nCritics of the labor rights movement claim that regulation promoted by labor rights activists may limit opportunities for work. In the United States, critics objected to unions establishing closed shops, situations where employers could only hire union members. The Taft–Hartley Act banned the closed shop but allowed the less restrictive union shop. Taft–Hartley also allowed states to pass right-to-work laws, which require an open shop where a worker's employment is not affected by his or her union membership. Labor counters that the open shop leads to a free rider problem.
/m/06274w	Environmentalism is a broad philosophy, ideology and social movement regarding concerns for environmental conservation and improvement of the health of the environment, particularly as the measure for this health seeks to incorporate the concerns of non-human elements. Environmentalism advocates the preservation, restoration and/or improvement of the natural environment, and may be referred to as a movement to control pollution or protect plant and animal diversity. For this reason, concepts such as a land ethic, environmental ethics, biodiversity, ecology and the biophilia hypothesis figure predominantly.\nAt its crux, environmentalism is an attempt to balance relations between humans and the various natural systems on which they depend in such a way that all the components are accorded a proper degree of sustainability. The exact measures and outcomes of this balance is controversial and there are many different ways for environmental concerns to be expressed in practice. Environmentalism and environmental concerns are often represented by the color green, but this association has been appropriated by the marketing industries and is a key tactic of greenwashing. Environmentalism is opposed by anti-environmentalism, which takes a skeptical stance against many environmentalist perspectives.
/m/0789r6	The Golden Lion is the highest prize given to a film at the Venice Film Festival. The prize was introduced in 1949 by the organizing committee and is now regarded as one of the film industry's most distinguished prizes. In 1970, a second Golden Lion was introduced; this is an honorary award for people who have made an important contribution to cinema.\nThe prize was introduced in 1949 as the Golden Lion of St. Mark. Previously, the equivalent prize was the Gran Premio Internazionale di Venezia, awarded in 1947 and 1948. Before that, from 1934 until 1942, the highest awards were the Coppa Mussolini for Best Italian Film and Best Foreign Film.\nNo Golden Lions were awarded between 1969 and 1979. According to the Biennale's official website, this hiatus was a result of the 1968 Lion being awarded to the radically experimental Die Artisten in der Zirkuskuppel: Ratlos; the website says that the awards \"still had a statute dating back to the fascist era and could not side-step the general political climate. Sixty-eight produced a dramatic fracture with the past.\"
/m/089tm	ZZ Top is an American rock band formed in 1969 in Houston, Texas. The band consists of guitarist and lead vocalist Billy Gibbons, bassist and co-lead vocalist Dusty Hill, and drummer Frank Beard. The band and its members went through several reconfigurations throughout 1969, achieving their current form when Hill replaced bassist Billy Etheridge in February 1970, shortly before the band was signed to London Records. Etheridge's departure issued primarily from his unwillingness to be bound by a recording contract.\nSince the release of the band's debut album in January 1971, ZZ Top has become known for its strong blues roots and humorous lyrical motifs, relying heavily on double entendres and innuendo. ZZ Top's musical style has changed over the years, beginning with blues-inspired rock on their early albums, then incorporating New Wave, punk rock and dance-rock, with heavy use of synthesizers.\nZZ Top was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2004. As a group, ZZ Top possesses 11 gold records and 7 platinum records; their 1983 album, Eliminator, remains the group's most commercially successful record, selling over 10 million units. ZZ Top also ranks 80th in U.S. album sales, with 25 million units.
/m/03yxwq	Warner Bros. Animation is the animation division of Warner Bros., a subsidiary of Time Warner. The studio is closely associated with the Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies characters, among others. The studio is the successor to Warner Bros. Cartoons, the studio which produced Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies cartoon shorts from 1933 to 1963, and from 1967 to 1969. Warner reestablished its own animation division in 1980 to produce Looney Tunes related works.\nSince 1990, Warner Bros. Animation has primarily focused upon the production of television and feature animation of other properties, notably including those related to Time Warner's DC Comics publications.
/m/056252	Giant Records was launched in 1990 as a joint venture between Warner Bros. Records and Irving Azoff, who had sold his companies to MCA Records for $15.7 million. Azoff initially intended for the label to be called Big Records, but that name had been taken.
/m/0fq5j	Kuwait City is the capital and largest city of Kuwait. It has a population of 2.38 million in the metropolitan area. Located at the heart of the country on the shore of the Persian Gulf, and containing Kuwait's parliament, most governmental offices, the headquarters of most Kuwaiti corporations and banks, it is the political, cultural and economic center of the emirate. Kuwait city is considered a Gamma + Global city.\nKuwait City’s trade and transportation needs are served by Kuwait International Airport, Mina Al-Shuwaik and Mina Al Ahmadi 50 kilometres to the south, on the Persian Gulf coast. Kuwait city is ranked as one among the 25 largest GDP cities in the world along with New York, Tokyo, Moscow, Mumbai and other financial hubs including Singapore and Dubai.
/m/02p3cr5	EMI Records is a British record label. It was founded by the EMI company in 1972 as its flagship label and launched in January 1973 as the successor to its Columbia label. The EMI label was launched worldwide.
/m/07s95_l	Michael James Gladis is an American actor. He is best known for his role as Paul Kinsey on the television series Mad Men; he appeared in the series' first three seasons, and as a guest star in the show's fifth season.
/m/06m_p	The Sun is the star at the center of the Solar System. It is almost perfectly spherical and consists of hot plasma interwoven with magnetic fields. It has a diameter of about 1,392,684 km, around 109 times that of Earth, and its mass accounts for about 99.86% of the total mass of the Solar System. Chemically, about three quarters of the Sun's mass consists of hydrogen, while the rest is mostly helium. The remainder consists of heavier elements, including oxygen, carbon, neon and iron, among others.\nThe Sun formed about 4.6 billion years ago from the gravitational collapse of a region within a large molecular cloud. Most of the matter gathered in the center, while the rest flattened into an orbiting disk that would become the Solar System. The central mass became increasingly hot and dense, eventually initiating thermonuclear fusion in its core. It is thought that almost all stars form by this process. The Sun is a G-type main-sequence star based on spectral class and it is informally designated as a yellow dwarf because its visible radiation is most intense in the yellow-green portion of the spectrum, and although it is actually white in color, from the surface of the Earth it may appear yellow because of atmospheric scattering of blue light. In the spectral class label, G2 indicates its surface temperature, of approximately 5778 K, and V indicates that the Sun, like most stars, is a main-sequence star, and thus generates its energy by nuclear fusion of hydrogen nuclei into helium. In its core, the Sun fuses about 620 million metric tons of hydrogen each second.
/m/02hcxm	The Royal Society of London for Improving Natural Knowledge, commonly known as the Royal Society, is a learned society for science, and is possibly the oldest such society still in existence. Founded in November 1660, it was granted a Royal Charter by King Charles II as the \"Royal Society of London\". The Society today acts as a scientific advisor to the British government, receiving a parliamentary grant-in-aid. The Society acts as the UK's Academy of Sciences, and funds research fellowships and scientific start-up companies.\nThe Society is governed by its Council, which is chaired by the Society's President, according to a set of Statutes and Standing Orders. The members of Council and the President are elected from and by its Fellows, the basic members of the Society, who are themselves elected by existing Fellows. There are currently 1,450 Fellows, allowed to use the postnominal title FRS, with up to 52 new Fellows appointed each year. There are also Royal Fellows, Honorary Fellows and Foreign Members, the last of which are allowed to use their postnominal title ForMemRS. The current Royal Society President is Sir Paul Nurse, who took up the position on 30 November 2010.
/m/01vv6xv	W. Axl Rose is an American singer-songwriter and musician. He is the lead vocalist and only remaining original member of the hard rock band Guns N' Roses. Due to his powerful and wide vocal range and energetic live performances, Rose has been named one of the greatest singers of all time by various media outlets, including Rolling Stone and NME.\nBorn in Lafayette, Indiana, Rose moved to Los Angeles in the early 1980s, where he became active in the local hard rock scene and joined several bands, including Hollywood Rose and L.A. Guns. In 1985, he co-founded Guns N' Roses, with whom he enjoyed great success and recognition in the late 1980s and early 1990s. Their first album, Appetite for Destruction, has sold in excess of 28 million copies worldwide, and is the best-selling debut album of all time in the U.S. with 18 million units sold. Its full-length follow-ups, the twin albums Use Your Illusion I and Use Your Illusion II, were also widely successful; they respectively debuted at No. 2 and No. 1 on the Billboard 200 and have sold a combined 35 million copies worldwide. Following the conclusion of their two-and-a-half-year Use Your Illusion Tour, Guns N' Roses released \"The Spaghetti Incident?\", their last studio album release until 2008, and the last with the Use Your Illusion line-up.
/m/02h98sm	Kenosha is a city in Kenosha County, Wisconsin. It is estimated that Kenosha's population as of 2006 is approximately 96,845. Kenosha is the county seat of Kenosha County, the southeasternmost county in Wisconsin.On the southwestern shores of Lake Michigan, Kenosha is the fourth largest city in Wisconsin behind Milwaukee, Madison, and Green Bay. Kenosha is sometimes considered to be Chicagoland's northernmost city at 60 miles distance from the Chicago epicenter; Kenosha is also 35 miles south of Milwaukee.
/m/02ptczs	Rosemary's Baby is a 1968 American psychological horror film written and directed by Roman Polanski, based on the bestselling 1967 novel Rosemary's Baby by Ira Levin. The cast includes Mia Farrow, John Cassavetes, Ruth Gordon, Ralph Bellamy, Maurice Evans, Sidney Blackmer and Charles Grodin. It was produced by William Castle.\nFarrow plays a pregnant woman who fears that her husband may have made a pact with their eccentric neighbors, believing he may have promised them the child to be used as a human sacrifice in their occult rituals in exchange for success in his acting career.\nThe film was an enormous commercial success, earning over $33 million in the United States on a modest budget of $3.2 million. It was met with near universal acclaim from film critics and earned numerous nominations and awards. The American Film Institute ranked the film 9th in their 100 Years...100 Thrills list. The official tagline of the film is \"Pray for Rosemary's Baby.\"
/m/0hndn2q	The 69th Golden Globe Awards, honoring the best in film and television of 2011, were broadcast live from the Beverly Hilton Hotel in Beverly Hills, California on January 15, 2012, by NBC. The host was Ricky Gervais. The musical theme for the year was composed by Yoshiki Hayashi, leader of the Japanese band X Japan. The nominations were announced by Woody Harrelson, Sofía Vergara, Gerard Butler and Rashida Jones on December 15, 2011. Multiple winners for the night included the silent film The Artist which won three awards and The Descendants winning two awards. The television series Homeland also won two awards.
/m/0lbbj	The 1964 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XVIII Olympiad, was an international multi-sport event held in Tokyo, Japan from October 10 to 24, 1964. Tokyo had been awarded the organization of the 1940 Summer Olympics, but this honor was subsequently passed to Helsinki because of Japan's invasion of China, before ultimately being canceled because of World War II. The 1964 Summer Games were the first Olympics held in Asia, and the first time South Africa was barred from taking part due to its apartheid system in sports. Tokyo was chosen as the host city during the 55th IOC Session in West Germany, on May 26, 1959.\nThese games were also the first to be telecast internationally without the need for tapes to be flown overseas as they were for the 1960 Olympics four years earlier. The games were telecast to the United States using Syncom 3, the first geostationary communication satellite, and from there to Europe using Relay 1. History surrounding the 1964 Olympics was chronicled in the 1965 documentary film Tokyo Olympiad, directed by Kon Ichikawa.
/m/016qtt	William \"Billy\" Ray Cyrus is an American country music singer, songwriter and actor.\nHaving released twelve studio albums and forty-four singles since 1992, he is best known for his number one single \"Achy Breaky Heart\", which became the first single ever to achieve triple Platinum status in Australia. It was also the best-selling single in the same country in 1992 and was translated into more than 100 languages. Thanks to the video of this hit, the line dance catapulted into the mainstream, becoming a worldwide craze.\nCyrus, a multi-platinum selling recording artist, has scored a total of eight top-ten singles on the Billboard Country Songs chart. His most successful album to date is his debut Some Gave All, which has been certified 9× Multi-Platinum in the United States and is the longest time spent by a debut artist at number one on the Billboard 200 and most consecutive chart-topping weeks in the SoundScan era. It is the only album in the SoundScan era to log 17 consecutive weeks at number one and is also the top-ranking debut album by a male country artist. It ranked 43 weeks in the top 10, a total topped by only one country album in history, Ropin' the Wind by Garth Brooks. Some Gave All was also the first debut album to enter at number one on the Billboard Country Albums chart. The album has also sold more than 20 million copies worldwide and is the best-selling debut album of all time for a solo male artist. Some Gave All was also the best-selling album of 1992 in the US with 4,832,000 copies. In his career, he has released 35 charted singles, of which 15 charted in the Top 40.
/m/02g0rb	Melanie Griffith is an American actress. She was nominated for an Academy Award and won a Golden Globe for her performance in the film Working Girl. She is the daughter of actress Tippi Hedren, and the wife of actor Antonio Banderas.
/m/028sgq	A real estate broker or real estate agent is a person who acts as an intermediary between sellers and buyers of real estate/real property and attempts to find sellers who wish to sell and buyers who wish to buy. In the United States, the relationship was originally established by reference to the English common law of agency, with the broker having a fiduciary relationship with his clients.\nEstate agent is the term used in the United Kingdom to describe a person or organization whose business is to market real estate on behalf of clients, but there are significant differences between the actions and liabilities of brokers and estate agents in each country. Beyond the United States, other countries take markedly different approaches to the marketing and selling of real property.\nIn the United States, real estate brokers and their salespersons assist sellers in marketing their property and selling it for the highest possible price under the best terms. When acting as a buyer's agent with a signed agreement, they assist buyers by helping them purchase property for the lowest possible price under the best terms. The real estate broker \"broker\" is obligated to provide fiduciary duties to whomever that broker services as client, this agency relationship can become very confusing; if the broker is helping both the buyer and seller, this is called dual agency. Traditionally, the broker represents the seller, and has a fiduciary duty to the seller. If the broker suggests to the buyer that he will help them negotiate the best price, then it is said the broker is practicing undisclosed dual agency, which is unethical and illegal in all states. Under a dual agency transaction it is vital the broker discloses to either/or part whom they represent as client, and whom they represent as customer. A real estate broker owes his client fiduciary duties, those duties include care, confidentiality, loyalty, obedience,accounting & disclosure. A real estate broker owes his customer fair & honest dealing. A real estate broker must request all partiessign a dual agency agreement, to protect their license.
/m/0g5qs2k	Snow White and the Huntsman is a 2012 American fantasy, adventure and action film based on the German fairy tale \"Snow White\" compiled by the Brothers Grimm. The film is directed by Rupert Sanders and written by Evan Daugherty, Martin Solibakke, John Lee Hancock, and Hossein Amini. The cast includes Kristen Stewart, Charlize Theron, Chris Hemsworth, Sam Claflin, and Bob Hoskins. The film received two Oscar nominations for Best Visual Effects and Best Costume Design at the 85th Academy Awards. It was a success at the box office. Although critics praised the production design and the performances of Theron and Hemsworth, Stewart's performance received mixed to positive reviews, and Daugherty, Hancock and Amini's script was heavily criticized.
/m/03khn	Helsinki is the capital and largest city of Finland. It is in the region of Uusimaa, located in southern Finland, on the shore of the Gulf of Finland, an arm of the Baltic Sea. Helsinki has a population of 614,074, an urban population of 1,176,976 and a metropolitan population of 1,361,506, making it the most populous municipality and urban area in Finland. Helsinki is located some 80 kilometres north of Tallinn, Estonia, 400 kilometres east north east of Stockholm, Sweden, and 300 kilometres west of Saint Petersburg, Russia. Helsinki has close historical connections with these three cities.\nThe Helsinki metropolitan area includes urban core of Helsinki, Espoo, Vantaa, Kauniainen and surrounding commuter towns. It is the world's northernmost metro area of over one million people, and the city is the northernmost capital of an EU member state.\nHelsinki is Finland's major political, educational, financial, cultural and research centre as well as one of northern Europe's major cities. Approximately 70% of foreign companies operating in Finland have settled in the Helsinki region. The nearby municipality of Vantaa is the location of Helsinki Airport, with frequent service to various destinations in Europe and Asia.
/m/01f2f8	Dario Argento is an Italian film director, producer and screenwriter. He is best known for his work in the horror film genre, particularly in the subgenre known as giallo, and for his influence on modern horror movies.
/m/0kcn7	Mary Poppins is a 1964 American musical fantasy film directed by Robert Stevenson and produced by Walt Disney, with songs written and composed by the Sherman Brothers. The screenplay is by Bill Walsh and Don DaGradi, loosely based on P. L. Travers' book series of the same name. The film, which combines live-action and animation, stars Julie Andrews in the titular role of a magical nanny who visits a dysfunctional family in London and employs her unique brand of lifestyle to improve the family's dynamic. Dick Van Dyke, David Tomlinson, and Glynis Johns are featured in supporting roles. The film was shot entirely at the Walt Disney Studios in Burbank, California.\nMary Poppins was released on August 27, 1964 to universal acclaim, receiving a total of thirteen Academy Award nominations, including Best Picture — an unsurpassed record for any other film released by the Walt Disney Studios — and won five: Best Actress for Julie Andrews, Best Film Editing, Original Music Score, Best Visual Effects, and Best Original Song for \"Chim Chim Cher-ee\". In 2013, the film was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant\".
/m/013xh7	Royal Sporting Club Anderlecht, usually known as Anderlecht or RSCA, is a Belgian professional football club based in Anderlecht in Brussels-Capital Region. Anderlecht plays in the Belgian Pro League and is the most successful Belgian football team in European competitions as well as in the Belgian Pro League. They also have won 9 Belgian Cups. They hold the record of the most consecutive Belgian championship titles, as they are the only side to have won 5 consecutive Belgian championships between 1963–64 and 1967–68.\nThe club was founded in 1908, first reached the highest level in Belgian football in 1921–22, and have been playing in the first division since 1935–36. They won their first major trophy after World War II, with a championship win in 1946–47. Since then, they have never finished outside the top six of the Belgian first division. They are #12 in the all time List of UEFA club competition winners and #10 in the IFFHS continental Clubs of the 20th Century European ranking. Anderlecht are ranked 41st in the 2012 UEFA team ranking. In 1986, they achieved their best UEFA ranking with a joint first place with Juventus F.C..
/m/04_lb	Moncton is a Canadian city located in Westmorland County in southeastern New Brunswick. Situated in the Petitcodiac River Valley, it lies at the geographic centre of the Maritime Provinces. The city has gained the nickname \"Hub City\" because of its central location and also because Moncton has historically been the railway and land transportation hub for the Maritimes.\nThe city proper has a population of 69,074 and covers 142 km². The Moncton CMA has a population of 138,644. The CMA includes the neighbouring city of Dieppe and the town of Riverview, as well as adjacent suburban areas in Westmorland and Albert counties.\nAlthough the area was originally settled in 1733, Moncton is considered to have been officially founded in 1766 with the arrival of Pennsylvania Dutch immigrants from Philadelphia. Initially an agricultural settlement, Moncton was not incorporated until 1855. The city was named for Lt. Col. Robert Monckton, the British officer who had captured nearby Fort Beauséjour a century earlier. A significant wooden shipbuilding industry had developed in the community by the mid-1840s, allowing for the civic incorporation in 1855, but the shipbuilding economy collapsed in the 1860s, causing the town to subsequently lose its civic charter in 1862. Moncton regained its charter in 1875 after the community's economy rebounded, mainly due to a growing railway industry. In 1871, the Intercolonial Railway of Canada had chosen Moncton to be its headquarters, and Moncton remained a railroad town for well over a century until the closure of the Canadian National Railway locomotive shops in the late 1980s.
/m/01j_cy	Michigan State University is a public research university located in East Lansing, Michigan, United States and is the first land-grant institution that was created to serve as a model for future land-grant colleges in the country under the 1862 Morrill Act.\nMSU pioneered the studies of packaging, hospitality business, supply chain management, and telecommunication. It is considered to be one of America's Public Ivy universities, which recognizes top public research universities in the United States.\nFollowing the introduction of the Morrill Act, the college became coeducational and expanded its curriculum beyond agriculture. Today, MSU is the ninth-largest university in the United States, with 49,300 students and 2,954 faculty members. MSU's Division I sports teams are called the Spartans. They compete in the Big Ten Conference in all sports. MSU's football team won the Rose Bowl in 1954, 1956, 1988 and 2014 and boasts six national championships. Its men's basketball team won the NCAA National Championship in 1979 and 2000 and is currently enjoying a streak of six Final Four appearances over the last 13 seasons. MSU men's ice hockey won national titles in 1966, 1986 and 2007. Cross country has historically been Michigan State's most successful sport, especially during a four-decade period spanning roughly 1930–1970 during which the Spartans won eight NCAA championships and numerous other conference and national titles.
/m/0jxxt	Horse racing is an equestrian sport that has a long history. Archaeological records indicate that horse racing occurred in ancient Greece, Babylon, Syria, and Egypt. Both chariot and mounted horse racing were events in the ancient Greek Olympics by 648 BC. In the Roman Empire, chariot and mounted horse racing were major industries. Thoroughbred racing was, and is, popular with the aristocrats and royalty of British society, earning it the title \"Sport of Kings.\"\nThe style of racing, the distances and the type of events vary significantly by the country in which the race is occurring, and many countries offer different types of horse races. There are three major types of racing: flat racing, steeplechasing, and harness racing, where horses trot or pace while pulling a driver in a sulky. A major part of horse racing's economic importance lies in the gambling associated with it, an activity that in 2008 generated a world-wide market worth around US$115 billion.\nVarious types of racing have given rise to horse breeds that excel in the specific disciplines of each sport. Breeds that may be used for flat racing include the Thoroughbred, Quarter Horse, Arabian, Paint, and Appaloosa. Steeplechasing breeds include the Thoroughbred and AQPS. Harness racing is dominated by Standardbred horses in Australia, New Zealand and North America, but several other breeds, such as the Russian Trotter and Finnhorse, are seen in Europe.
/m/0_75d	Norristown, officially the Municipality of Norristown, is a municipality in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, United States, 6 miles northwest of the city limits of Philadelphia, on the Schuylkill River. The population was 34,324 as of the 2010 U.S. Census. It is the county seat of Montgomery County. Norristown is in a rich agricultural region; in the past, it had extensive manufactures of cigars, tacks, wire, screws, boilers, bolts, silos, tanks, iron, hosiery, knitting machines, underwear, shirts, lumber and milling machinery, paper boxes, rugs and carpets.\nDespite being named a municipality, it was formerly a borough operating under Pennsylvania's Borough Code and is frequently referred to as \"the borough\" even in statements by its officials. However, since 1986, Norristown has been governed under home rule charters, not under Pennsylvania's Borough Code. The 1986 charter was properly forwarded to the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania for inclusion in the Pennsylvania Code. The succeeding 2004 home rule charter has not been so published, but may be read at the municipal website. Some areas outside the municipality, in the surrounding townships, also have \"Norristown, PA\" mailing addresses. The entire Municipality of Norristown is within the 19401 ZIP code.
/m/012x7b	Psychedelic trance, psytrance or just psy is a electronic music style characterized by hypnotic arrangements of synthetic rhythms and complex layered melodies created by high tempo riffs. It appeared in the mainstream in 1998 as with reporting of the trend of Goa trance.\nPsytrance lies at the hardcore, underground end of the diverse trance spectrum. The genre offers variety in terms of mood, tempo, and style. Some examples include full on, dark, progressive, suomi, psybreaks and psybient. Goa Trance continues to develop alongside the sub genres.
/m/0dd2f	Kill Rock Stars is an independent record label founded in 1991 by Slim Moon and Tinuviel Sampson, and based in both Olympia, Washington and Portland, Oregon. The label has released a variety of work in different genres, making it difficult to pigeonhole as having any one artistic mission. Overall, though, the political sensibilities of the label can be said to be left-wing, feminist, and anti-war, and the label initially showed a commitment towards underground punk bands and to representing artists in the Olympia area music scene.\nSampson and Moon initially started the label because in his words, \"I just wanted to put out my friends’ records because nobody was putting out my friends’ records. And to put out spoken word 7\" records.\" KRS-101 was in fact a split 7\" spoken-word record with Kathleen Hanna and Slim Moon; other \"Wordcore\" releases followed. The first major release was a compilation of Olympia-area bands simply titled Kill Rock Stars and featured Bikini Kill, Bratmobile, Unwound, Nirvana, The Melvins, as well as singer-songwriter Elliott Smith.\nAlthough the label's music has never reflected just a single genre or underground music movement, it is arguably most notable for releasing the work of various riot grrrl bands during the mid-'90s, some of which, especially the aforementioned Bikini Kill, generated a good deal of press attention. Other KRS releases in this genre includes albums by Bratmobile, Huggy Bear, Heavens to Betsy and Excuse 17. The label continued its tradition of spoken word by releasing their first full-length spoken word LP Big Broad by Juliana Lueking in 1995. This was also the year that Elliott Smith released his self-titled solo LP on the label. Another milestone was the 1997 release of Sleater-Kinney's third LP Dig Me Out, which garnered national press attention in Spin and Rolling Stone magazines.
/m/09g90vz	The 16th Annual Screen Actors Guild Awards, honoring the best achievements in film and television performances for the year 2009, were presented on January 23, 2010 at the Shrine Exposition Center in Los Angeles, California for the fourteenth consecutive year. It was broadcast live simultaneously by TNT and TBS.\nThe nominees were announced on December 17, 2009 by Michelle Monaghan and Chris O'Donnell at Los Angeles' Pacific Design Center's Silver Screen Theater.
/m/0pkyh	Robert Anthony Plant, CBE is an English musician, singer and songwriter. Best known as the lead vocalist and lyricist of the rock band Led Zeppelin, he has also had a successful solo career. With a career spanning more than 40 years and possessing a powerful wide vocal range, Plant is regarded as one of the greatest singers in the history of rock and roll, and has influenced contemporaries and later singers such as Freddie Mercury, Axl Rose and Chris Cornell. In 2006, heavy metal magazine Hit Parader named Plant the \"Greatest Metal Vocalist of All Time\". In 2009, Plant was voted \"the greatest voice in rock\" in a poll conducted by Planet Rock. In 2008, Rolling Stone editors ranked him number 15 on their list of the 100 greatest singers of all time. In 2011, readers of Rolling Stone placed Plant in first place of the magazine's list of the best lead singers of all time.
/m/04mhbh	Craig Ferguson is a Scottish-born American television host, stand-up comedian, writer, actor, director, author, producer and voice artist. He is the host of The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson, an Emmy Award-nominated, Peabody Award-winning late-night talk show that airs on CBS. In addition to hosting his own show and performing stand-up comedy, Ferguson has written two books: Between the Bridge and the River, a novel, and American on Purpose, a memoir. He became a citizen of the United States in 2008.\nBefore his career as a late-night television host, Ferguson was best known in the United States for his role as the office boss, Nigel Wick, on The Drew Carey Show. He also wrote and starred in three films, directing one of them.
/m/0dbdy	Lancashire is a non-metropolitan county of historic origin in the North West of England. It takes its name from the city of Lancaster, and is sometimes known as the County of Lancaster. Although Lancaster is still considered to be the county town, Lancashire County Council is based in Preston. Lancashire is sometimes referred to by the abbreviation Lancs, as originally used by the Royal Mail. The population of the ceremonial county is 1,449,300. People from the county are known as Lancastrians.\nThe history of Lancashire is thought to have begun with its founding in the 12th century. In the Domesday Book, some of its lands had been treated as part of Yorkshire. The land that lay Inter Ripam et Mersam, \"between the Ribble and Mersey\", formed part of the returns for Cheshire. Once its initial boundaries were established, it bordered Cumberland, Westmorland, Yorkshire and Cheshire.\nLancashire emerged during the Industrial Revolution as a major commercial and industrial region. The county encompassed several hundred mill towns and collieries. By the 1830s, approximately 85% of all cotton manufactured worldwide was processed in Lancashire. Preston, Bury, Accrington, Blackburn, Bolton, Rochdale, Oldham, Chorley, Darwen, Nelson, Colne, Burnley and Wigan were major cotton mill towns during this time. Blackpool was a major centre for tourism for the inhabitants of Lancashire's mill towns, particularly during wakes week.
/m/01vzx45	Artis Leon Ivey Jr., better known by the stage name Coolio, is an American musician, rapper, actor, and record producer.
/m/04lhft	Dalian Shide was a former professional Chinese football club that participated in the Chinese Super League. The club was owned by tycoon Xu Ming and the Shide Group while the men's team played at the 30,776 seater Jinzhou Stadium in Dalian, Liaoning province. The club was originally founded in 1982 as Dalian Football Club and predominantly played in the top tier where they won one domestic cup title in 1992. In 1993, the club was reorganised to become a completely professional football team and went on to win the first fully professional 1994 Chinese Jia-A League title Achieving a total of eight league titles from both the Jia A and the rebranded CSL Dalian were the most successful club in Chinese football, while in the Asian Football Confederation the club reached the 1997–98 Asian Club Championship and 2000–01 Asian Cup Winners' Cup finals.
/m/02pq_rp	The 2006 First-Year Player Draft, Major League Baseball's annual amateur draft, was held on June 6 and 7. It was conducted via conference call with representatives from each of the league's 30 teams.
/m/05nyqk	Get Carter is a 2000 American thriller film remake of the Michael Caine's 1971 film of the same name, and directed by Stephen Kay. The film stars Sylvester Stallone, Miranda Richardson, Rachael Leigh Cook, Alan Cumming, Mickey Rourke, John C. McGinley, Michael Caine and Rhona Mitra. The film was released in the United States on October 6, 2000.\nThe film was released by Warner Bros., which had recently acquired the distribution rights to the original.
/m/01tv3x2	Timothy Lockwood Armstrong, known simply as Tim Armstrong and also by the stage names Tim Timebomb and earlier in his career known as Lint, is a multi-Grammy Award-winning American musician, songwriter, artist, director, poet, record producer and independent record label owner. He is best known as the singer/guitarist for the punk rock band Rancid and hip hop/punk rock supergroup the Transplants. Prior to forming Rancid, Armstrong was in the influential ska punk band Operation Ivy. In 1998, along with Brett Gurewitz of the band Bad Religion and owner of Epitaph Records, Armstrong founded Hellcat Records. In 2012, through his website, Armstrong started releasing music that influenced him, along with stripped-down cover songs of his own work under the name Tim Timebomb. He has released at least one song per week since late 2012. Armstrong is also an accomplished and sought-after songwriter for other artists. Armstrong won a Grammy Award for his work with Jimmy Cliff and Pink and has also worked with Gwen Stefani.
/m/084w8	William Cuthbert Faulkner, also known as Will Faulkner, was an American writer and Nobel Prize laureate from Oxford, Mississippi. Faulkner worked in a variety of written media, including novels, short stories, a play, poetry, essays and screenplays. He is primarily known and acclaimed for his novels and short stories, many of which are set in the fictional Yoknapatawpha County, a setting Faulkner created based on Lafayette County, where he spent most of his life, and Holly Springs/Marshall County.\nFaulkner is one of the most important writers in both American literature generally and Southern literature specifically. Though his work was published as early as 1919, and largely during the 1920s and 1930s, Faulkner was relatively unknown until receiving the 1949 Nobel Prize in Literature. Two of his works, A Fable and his last novel The Reivers, won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction. In 1998, the Modern Library ranked his 1929 novel The Sound and the Fury sixth on its list of the 100 best English-language novels of the 20th century; also on the list were As I Lay Dying and Light in August. Absalom, Absalom! is often included on similar lists.
/m/05d9y_	Taras Shevchenko University or officially the Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv, colloquially known in Ukrainian as KNU is located in Kiev, the capital of Ukraine. It is the third oldest university in Ukraine after the University of Lviv and Kharkiv University. Currently, its structure consists of fifteen faculties and five institutes. It was founded in 1834 as the University of Saint Vladimir, and since then it has changed its name several times. During the Soviet Union era, Taras Shevchenko University was one of the top-three universities in the USSR, along with Moscow State University and Leningrad State University. It is ranked as the best university in Ukraine in many rankings. Throughout history, the university has produced many famous alumni including Nikolay Bunge, Mykhailo Drahomanov, Mykhailo Hrushevskyi, Nikolai Berdyaev, Mikhail Bulgakov, Viacheslav Chornovil, Leonid Kravchuk, and many others.
/m/0jnm2	The Columbus Blue Jackets are a professional ice hockey team based in Columbus, Ohio, United States. They are members of the Metropolitan Division of the Eastern Conference of the National Hockey League.\nPreceded in Ohio's capital by the Columbus Chill of the ECHL and the state of Ohio in general by the Cleveland Barons, the Blue Jackets were founded as an expansion team in 2000. The team qualified for the Stanley Cup playoffs for the first time in 2009.\nThe Blue Jackets' name and logos were inspired by Ohio's Civil War history. Rick Nash, David Vyborny, Ray Whitney, Bryan Berard, Fredrik Modin, Steve Mason, Jack Johnson, Marián Gáborík and Sergei Fedorov are some of the more prominent NHL figures to have donned a Columbus jersey. The Blue Jackets play their home games at Nationwide Arena in downtown Columbus, which opened in 2000. They are affiliated with the Springfield Falcons of the AHL and the Evansville IceMen of the ECHL.
/m/01271h	Michael Trent Reznor is an American singer-songwriter, composer, and record producer. As both a vocalist and multi-instrumentalist, Reznor has led the industrial rock project Nine Inch Nails since 1988; he left Interscope Records in 2007 and was an independent recording artist for around five years until he signed with Columbia Records. As of 2010, he and his wife Mariqueen Maandig are members of the post-industrial group How to Destroy Angels with Reznor's fellow composer Atticus Ross and graphic designer Rob Sheridan. Reznor and Ross scored the David Fincher films The Social Network and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, winning the Academy Award for Best Original Score for the former and the Grammy Award for Best Score Soundtrack for Visual Media for the latter.\nReznor was previously associated with the bands Option 30, The Innocent, and Exotic Birds in the mid-80s. He gained employment at Right Track Studios in Cleveland and began creating his own music during the studio's closing hours under the name of Nine Inch Nails. Reznor's first release as Nine Inch Nails, the 1989 album Pretty Hate Machine, was a commercial and critical success and Reznor has since released seven major studio albums. Outside of Nine Inch Nails, he has contributed to the albums of artists such as Marilyn Manson and Saul Williams. In 1997, Reznor appeared in Time magazine's list of the year's most influential people and Spin magazine described him as \"the most vital artist in music\".
/m/0h3vhfb	The Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Short-format Animated Program is a Creative Arts Emmy Award which is given annually beginning in 2008 to an animated series or special of 15 minutes or shorter in length. In 2008 and 2009, the category was called \"Outstanding Special Class Short-format Animated Program\", and was an \"area\" award which could have one, more than one, or no, winners; starting in 2010, the name was changed, and it was made a \"category\" award which must have one winner. Note that a show whose episodes mainly consist of multiple stories, each 15 minutes or shorter, can either enter one story in this category, or a full episode in the Outstanding Animated Program category.
/m/01y0y6	Paul Reiser is an American comedian, actor, television personality and writer, author and musician. He is most widely known for his role in the 1990s TV sitcom Mad About You. He is ranked 77th on Comedy Central's 2004 list of the \"100 Greatest Stand-ups of All Time\". The name of Reiser's production company, Nuance Productions, is inspired by one of his lines in the film Diner, in which his character explains his discomfort with the word \"nuance\".
/m/06m_5	Sri Lanka, officially the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka, is an island country in the northern Indian Ocean off the southern coast of the Indian subcontinent in South Asia; known until 1972 as Ceylon, Sri Lanka has maritime borders with India to the northwest and the Maldives to the southwest.\nSri Lanka has a documented history that spans over 3000 years. Its geographic location and deep harbours made it of great strategic importance from the time of the ancient Silk Road through to World War II. Sri Lanka is a diverse country, home to many religions, ethnicities and languages. It is the land of the Sinhalese, Sri Lankan Tamils, Moors, Indian Tamils, Burghers, Malays, Kaffirs and the aboriginal Vedda. Sri Lanka has a rich Buddhist heritage, and the first known Buddhist writings were composed on the island. The country's recent history has been marred by a thirty-year civil war which decisively but controversially ended in a military victory in 2009.\nSri Lanka is a republic and a unitary state governed by a presidential system. The capital, Sri Jayawardenapura-Kotte, is a suburb of the largest city, Colombo. An important producer of tea, coffee, gemstones, coconuts, rubber, and the native cinnamon, Sri Lanka is known as \"the Pearl of the Indian Ocean\" because of its natural beauty. Sri Lanka has also been called \"Pearl of Indian Ocean\" because of its shape and location, and \"the nation of smiling people\". The island contains tropical forests and diverse landscapes with high biodiversity.
/m/05f4p	The National Aeronautics and Space Administration is the agency of the United States government that is responsible for the nation's civilian space program and for aeronautics and aerospace research.\nPresident Dwight D. Eisenhower established the National Aeronautics and Space Administration in 1958 with a distinctly civilian orientation encouraging peaceful applications in space science. The National Aeronautics and Space Act was passed on July 29, 1958, disestablishing NASA's predecessor, the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics. The new agency became operational on October 1, 1958.\nSince that time, most U.S. space exploration efforts have been led by NASA, including the Apollo moon-landing missions, the Skylab space station, and later the Space Shuttle. Currently, NASA is supporting the International Space Station and is overseeing the development of the Orion Multi-Purpose Crew Vehicle, the Space Launch System and Commercial Crew vehicles. The agency is also responsible for the Launch Services Program which provides oversight of launch operations and countdown management for unmanned NASA launches.\nNASA science is focused on better understanding Earth through the Earth Observing System, advancing heliophysics through the efforts of the Science Mission Directorate's Heliophysics Research Program, exploring bodies throughout the Solar System with advanced robotic missions such as New Horizons, and researching astrophysics topics, such as the Big Bang, through the Great Observatories and associated programs. NASA shares data with various national and international organizations such as from the Greenhouse Gases Observing Satellite.
/m/09v9mks	Bel Ami is a 2012 drama film starring Robert Pattinson, Uma Thurman, Kristin Scott Thomas, Christina Ricci and Colm Meaney. The film is directed by Declan Donnellan and Nick Ormerod and is based on the 1885 French novel of the same name by Guy de Maupassant.\nThe film had its world premiere out of competition at the 62nd Berlin International Film Festival on 17 February 2012, and was released theatrically on 8 June 2012 by Magnolia Pictures. The film was budgeted at €9 million.
/m/0513yzt	A ballet dancer or ballerina is a person who practices the art of ballet.
/m/09t4hh	Delmer Daves was an American screenwriter, director, and producer.
/m/0f87jy	Michael \"Mike\" Henry is an American actor, producer, screenwriter, singer, and comedian. He is best known for his work on Family Guy, where he is a writer, producer, and voice actor. He provides the voices for many characters including Cleveland Brown, Herbert, Bruce, and Consuela. Starting with the show's fifth season, Henry had received billing as a main cast member. In 2009, Henry, Richard Appel, and Seth MacFarlane created a spin-off of Family Guy called The Cleveland Show to focus on Cleveland and his new family.
/m/07_jd	Vegetarianism is the practice of abstaining from the consumption of meat – red meat, poultry, seafood and the flesh of any other animal; it may also include abstention from by-products of animal slaughter.\nVegetarianism can be adopted for different reasons. Many object to eating meat out of respect for sentient life. Such ethical motivations have been codified under various religious beliefs, along with the concept of animal rights. Other motivations for vegetarianism are health-related, political, environmental, cultural, aesthetic or economic. There are varieties of the diet as well: an ovo-vegetarian diet includes eggs but not dairy products, a lacto-vegetarian diet includes dairy products but not eggs, and an ovo-lacto vegetarian diet includes both eggs and dairy products. A vegan, or strict vegetarian, diet excludes all animal products, including eggs, dairy, beeswax and honey. Some vegans also avoid animal products such as leather for clothing and goose-fat for shoe polish.\nVarious packaged or processed foods, including cake, cookies, candies, chocolate, yogurt and marshmallows, often contain unfamiliar animal ingredients, and may be a special concern for vegetarians due to the likelihood of such additions. Often, products are reviewed by vegetarians for animal-derived ingredients prior to purchase or consumption. Vegetarians vary in their feelings regarding these ingredients, however. For example, while some vegetarians may be unaware of animal-derived rennet's role in the usual production of cheese and may therefore unknowingly consume the product, other vegetarians may not take issue with its consumption.
/m/0kqbh	Philips Sport Vereniging, abbreviated as PSV and internationally known as PSV Eindhoven is a sports club from Eindhoven, the Netherlands. It is best known for its professional football department, currently playing in the Eredivisie, which has never been relegated to a lower division.\nThe club was founded in 1913 as a team for Philips employees. PSV’s history contains two golden eras revolving around the UEFA Cup victory in 1978 and the 1987–88 European Cup victory as part of the continental treble in 1988. The team has won the Eredivisie 21 times, the domestic cup nine times and the Johan Cruijff Shield nine times. Currently, PSV is 28th on the UEFA club coefficients ranking. Throughout the years, PSV established itself as a stepping stone for future world class players like Ruud Gullit, Romário, Ronaldo and Ruud van Nistelrooy.\nSince its foundation, it has played in the Philips Stadion and has upheld its club colours. Its elaborate connection with Philips can be witnessed in its sponsoring, shared technology and board member ties. Fans have named themselves 'boeren', taking pride in Eindhoven's status of being a provincial city and their Brabantian heritage.
/m/073w14	Elias Koteas is a Canadian actor of film and television, best known for his roles in The Prophecy, Fallen, The Killing, and as Casey Jones in the live-action first and third Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles films. He currently co-stars as Alvin Olinsky on Chicago PD.
/m/01r93l	David Jude Heyworth Law, known professionally as Jude Law, is an English actor, film producer and director.\nHe began acting with the National Youth Music Theatre in 1987, and had his first television role in 1989. After starring in films directed by Andrew Niccol, Clint Eastwood and David Cronenberg, he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor in 1999 for his performance in Anthony Minghella's The Talented Mr. Ripley. In 2000 he won a Best Supporting Actor BAFTA Award for his work in the film. In 2003, he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor for his performance in another Minghella film, Cold Mountain. He is also known for his role as Dr. John Watson in the 2009 film Sherlock Holmes and its 2011 sequel, Sherlock Holmes: A Game of Shadows.\nIn 2006, he was ranked as one of the top ten most bankable film stars in Hollywood. In 2007, he received an Honorary César and was named a Chevalier of the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres by the French government. He was a member of the main competition jury at the 2011 Cannes Film Festival.
/m/0168nq	Johnson & Johnson is an American multinational medical devices, pharmaceutical and consumer packaged goods manufacturer founded in 1886. Its common stock is a component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average and the company is listed among the Fortune 500.\nJohnson & Johnson ranked at the top of Harris Interactive's National Corporate Reputation Survey for seven consecutive years up to 2005, was ranked as the world's most respected company by Barron's Magazine in 2008, and was the first corporation awarded the Benjamin Franklin Award for Public Diplomacy by the U.S. State Department in 2005 for its funding of international education programs. However, in recent years the company's reputation has been adversely affected by product recalls, fines for pharmaceutical marketing practices, litigation with a group of shareholders, and other legal issues.\nJohnson & Johnson is headquartered in New Brunswick, New Jersey with the consumer division being located in Skillman, New Jersey. The corporation includes some 250 subsidiary companies with operations in over 57 countries and products sold in over 175 countries. Johnson & Johnson had worldwide sales of $65 billion for the calendar year of 2011.
/m/02p0qx9	In mathematics, differential topology is the field dealing with differentiable functions on differentiable manifolds. It is closely related to differential geometry and together they make up the geometric theory of differentiable manifolds.
/m/033071	Richard Masur is an American actor who has appeared in more than 80 movies during his career. From 1995 to 1999, he served two terms as president of the Screen Actors Guild. Masur sits on the Corporate Board of the Motion Picture & Television Fund.
/m/05x_5	Purdue University, located in West Lafayette, Indiana, is the flagship university of the six-campus Purdue University system. Purdue was founded on May 6, 1869, as a land-grant university when the Indiana General Assembly, taking advantage of the Morrill Act, accepted a donation of land and money from Lafayette businessman John Purdue to establish a college of science, technology, and agriculture in his name. The first classes were held on September 16, 1874, with six instructors and 39 students.\nThe university was founded with the gift of $150,000 from John Purdue, a Lafayette business leader and philanthropist, along with $50,000 from Tippecanoe County, and 150 acres of land from Lafayette residents in support of the project. In 1869, it was decided that the new school would be built near the city of Lafayette and established as Purdue University, in the name of the institution’s principal benefactor.\nThe West Lafayette campus offers more than 200 majors for undergraduates, over 70 master’s and doctoral programs, and professional degrees in pharmacy and veterinary medicine. In addition, Purdue has 18 intercollegiate sports teams and more than 850 student organizations. Today, Purdue is a member of the Big Ten Conference. Purdue enrolls the second largest student body of any university in Indiana as well as the fourth largest international student population of any university in the United States.
/m/03lv4x	Breaker Morant is a 1980 Australian film about the court martial of Breaker Morant, directed by Bruce Beresford and starring British actor Edward Woodward as Harry \"Breaker\" Morant and Jack Thompson as his attorney. The all-Australian supporting cast features Bryan Brown and Lewis Fitz-Gerald.\nBeresford co-wrote the screenplay from the 1978 play Breaker Morant: A Play in Two Acts by Kenneth G. Ross.\nBreaker Morant preceded other Australian New Wave war films such as Gallipoli, The Lighthorsemen, and the five-part TV series ANZACS. Recurring themes of these films include the Australian identity, such as mateship and larrikinism, the loss of innocence in war, and also the continued coming of age of the Australian nation and its soldiers.\nThe film was a top performer at the 1980 Australian Film Institute awards, with ten wins, including: Best Film, Best Direction, Leading Actor, Supporting Actor, Screenplay, Art Direction, Cinematography, and Editing. It was also nominated for the 1980 Academy Award for the Best Writing.
/m/04yywz	Gerald Tommaso DeLouise better known by his stage name Burt Young, is an American actor, painter and author. He is best known for his Academy Award-nominated role as Sylvester Stallone's brother-in-law and best friend Paulie in the Rocky film series.
/m/0kcnq	Jackson County is a county of the U.S. state of Alabama. Its name is in honor of Andrew Jackson, general in the United States Army and President of the United States of America. As of the 2010 census, the population was 53,227. The county seat is Scottsboro. Jackson County is a prohibition or dry county, however three cities within the county are wet. Jackson County covers parts of former Decatur County.
/m/05fgt1	Intolerable Cruelty is a 2003 romantic black comedy film co-written, produced, edited and, directed by Joel and Ethan Coen and starring George Clooney, Catherine Zeta-Jones, Geoffrey Rush, Billy Bob Thornton, Cedric the Entertainer, and Paul Adelstein. It was released by Universal Pictures.
/m/0l2yf	Santa Cruz County, officially the County of Santa Cruz, is a county located on the Pacific coast of the U.S. state of California, on the California Central Coast. The county forms the northern coast of the Monterey Bay, with Monterey County forming the southern coast. As of the 2010 United States Census, its population was 262,382. The county seat is Santa Cruz. Santa Cruz County is a member of the regional governmental agency Association of Monterey Bay Area Governments and is one of 11 counties in the U.S. Census Bureau's definition of the San Francisco Bay Area Combined Statistical Area.
/m/0g57ws5	The 61st annual Berlin International Film Festival was held from February 10 to February 20, 2011, with actress Isabella Rossellini as the President of the Jury. The Coen Brothers film True Grit opened the festival. 300,000 tickets were sold in total during the event, to 20,000 attendees from 116 countries, including 3900 members of the press. German actor Armin Mueller-Stahl received the Honorary Golden Bear for lifetime achievement. The Golden Bear for Best Film went to the Iranian film Nader and Simin, A Separation, directed by Asghar Farhadi.
/m/07ncs0	Peter Facinelli is an American actor and producer. He became known as the star of Fox's 2002 television series Fastlane. He plays Dr. Carlisle Cullen in the film adaptations of the Twilight series. He is also well known for his role as Mike Dexter in the film Can't Hardly Wait. He is currently a regular on the television series Nurse Jackie portraying the role of Dr. Fitch \"Coop\" Cooper.
/m/0mb5x	Harold Pinter, CH, CBE was a Nobel Prize-winning English playwright, screenwriter, director and actor. One of the most influential modern British dramatists, his writing career spanned more than 50 years. His best-known plays include The Birthday Party, The Homecoming, and Betrayal, each of which he adapted for the screen. His screenplay adaptations of others' works include The Servant, The Go-Between, The French Lieutenant's Woman, The Trial, and Sleuth. He also directed or acted in radio, stage, television, and film productions of his own and others' works.\nPinter was born and raised in Hackney, east London, and educated at Hackney Downs School. He was a sprinter and a keen cricket player, acting in school plays and writing poetry. He attended the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art but did not complete the course. He was fined for refusing National Service as a conscientious objector. Subsequently, he continued training at the Central School of Speech and Drama and worked in repertory theatre in Ireland and England. In 1956 he married actress Vivien Merchant and had a son, Daniel born in 1958. He left Merchant in 1975 and married author Lady Antonia Fraser in 1980.
/m/0ds2l81	Everybody Loves Whales is an upcoming film directed by Ken Kwapis.
/m/04jbyg	De Graafschap is a professional football club from Doetinchem, Netherlands. It was formed on 1 February 1954 and they play their home games at the De Vijverberg stadium. The stadium was opened on 12 August 2000 and stands on the site of the club's old pitch. The name of the club means \"The County\" in Dutch although they are nicknamed the Superboeren.\nWhile not a large club by European club football standards, the club has remained a semi-permanent fixture in the Dutch Eredivisie; although to date it has never won any silverware of importance. De Graafschap is a club with a lot of tradition; but players such as the former PSV coach Guus Hiddink ensure that exciting football is played. It also has a large stadium and a large fan base when compared to many other Dutch teams, particularly those in the Eerste Divisie. They have a fierce rivalry with Vitesse Arnhem.\nIn 2005, their first season back in the top flight, De Graafschap lost out in the play-offs and were relegated from the Eredivisie. In 2003, it was defeated again in the playoffs, this time as a promotion candidate.\nThey were crowned champions of the Eerste Divisie for the 2009-10 season. At the end of the 2011-12 season, De Graafschap were again relegated from the Eredivisie. They currently play in the Eerste Divisie.
/m/03plfd	Eastern European Time is one of the names of UTC+02:00 time zone, 2 hours ahead of Coordinated Universal Time. It is used in some European countries that also use Eastern European Summer Time as a summer daylight saving time.
/m/06hmd	Robert Ervin Howard was an American author who wrote pulp fiction in a diverse range of genres. He is well known for his character Conan the Barbarian and is regarded as the father of the sword and sorcery subgenre.\nHoward was born and raised in the state of Texas. He spent most of his life in the town of Cross Plains with some time spent in nearby Brownwood. A bookish and intellectual child, he was also a fan of boxing and spent some time in his late teens bodybuilding, eventually taking up amateur boxing. From the age of nine he dreamed of becoming a writer of adventure fiction but did not have real success until he was 23. Thereafter, until his death at the age of 30 by suicide, Howard's writings were published in a wide selection of magazines, journals, and newspapers, and he had become successful in several genres. Although a Conan novel was nearly published into a book in 1934, his stories never appeared in book form during his lifetime. The main outlet for his stories was in the pulp magazine Weird Tales.\nHoward’s suicide and the circumstances surrounding it have led to varied speculation about his mental health. His mother had been ill with tuberculosis his entire life, and upon learning that she had entered a coma from which she was not expected to wake, he walked out to his car and shot himself in the head. In the pages of the Depression-era pulp magazine Weird Tales, Howard created Conan the Barbarian, a character whose cultural impact has been compared to such icons as Tarzan, Count Dracula, Sherlock Holmes, Batman, and James Bond. With Conan and his other heroes, Howard created the genre now known as sword and sorcery, spawning many imitators and giving him a large influence in the fantasy field. Howard remains a highly read author, with his best works still reprinted.
/m/02lfp4	Leslie Bricusse is an English composer, lyricist, and playwright, most prominently working in musicals and also film theme songs.
/m/02l1fn	St. Bonaventure University is a private, Franciscan Catholic university, located in Allegany, Cattaraugus County, New York, United States. It has roughly 2,400 undergraduate and graduate students. The university was established by the Franciscan Brothers in 1858. Its current president is Sister Margaret Carney OSF STD, the 20th president and the first religious sister to hold the position full-time. In athletics, the St. Bonaventure Bonnies play NCAA Division I sports in the Atlantic 10 Conference. Students and alumni often refer to the university as Bona's, derived from the school's original name, St. Bonaventure's College. The college became a university in 1950.
/m/01jr6	Berkeley is a city on the east shore of the San Francisco Bay in Northern California—in northern Alameda County. It is bordered on the south by the cities of Oakland and Emeryville, and on the north by the city of Albany and the unincorporated community of Kensington. The eastern city limit coincides with the Contra Costa County border, which generally follows the ridge line of the Berkeley Hills. The population was 112,580 at the 2010 census. The city is named after Bishop George Berkeley.\nBerkeley is the site of the University of California, Berkeley, the oldest of the University of California system, and the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory. It is also home to the Graduate Theological Union. The city is noted as one of the most politically liberal in the nation.
/m/01kyvx	Voice acting in Japan has a far greater prominence than voice acting in most other countries. Japan's large animation industry produces 60% of the animated series in the world.\nBesides acting as narrators and actors in radio plays, as well as performing voice-overs for non-Japanese movies and television programs, the voice actors are extensively employed as character actors in anime and video games. Some voice actors — especially certain voice actresses — often have devoted international fan-clubs. Some fans may watch a show merely to hear a particular voice actor. Some Japanese voice actors have capitalized on their fame to become singers, and many others have become live movie or television actors.\nThere are around 130 voice-acting schools in Japan. Broadcast companies and talent agencies often have their own troupes of vocal actors. Magazines focusing specifically on voice acting are published in Japan, with Voice Animage being the longest running.\nThe English term character voice, has been commonly used since the 1980s by such Japanese anime magazines as Animec and Newtype, for a voice actor associated with a particular anime or game character. Conversely, the Japanese term seiyū is commonly used among English-speaking anime and game fans for Japanese voice actors.
/m/01kcty	Bossa nova is one genre of Brazilian music, which developed and was popularized in the 1950s and 1960s and is today one of the best-known Brazilian music genres abroad. The phrase bossa nova means literally \"new trend\". A lyrical fusion of samba and jazz, bossa nova acquired a large following in the 1960s initially among young musicians and college students. Since its birth, it has remained a vital part of the standard jazz repertoire.
/m/0fztbq	On Her Majesty's Secret Service is the sixth spy film in the James Bond series, based on the 1963 novel of the same name by Ian Fleming. Following the decision of Sean Connery to retire from the role after You Only Live Twice, Eon Productions selected an unknown actor and model, George Lazenby, to play the part of James Bond. During the making of the film, Lazenby decided that he would play the role of Bond only once.\nIn the film, Bond faces Blofeld, who is planning to sterilise the world's food supply through a group of brainwashed \"angels of death\" unless his demands are met for an international amnesty, for recognition of his title as the Count De Bleuchamp and to be allowed to retire into private life. Along the way, Bond meets, falls in love with, and eventually marries Contessa Teresa di Vicenzo.\nThis is the only Bond film to be directed by Peter R. Hunt, who had served as a film editor and second unit director on previous films in the series. Hunt, along with producers Albert R. Broccoli and Harry Saltzman, decided to produce a more realistic film that would follow the novel closely. It was shot in Switzerland, England and Portugal from October 1968 to May 1969. Although its cinema release was not as lucrative as its predecessor You Only Live Twice, On Her Majesty's Secret Service was still one of the top performing films of the year. Critical reviews upon release were mixed, but the film's reputation has improved over time, though reviews of Lazenby's performance continue to vary.
/m/041xyk	Real Salt Lake is an American professional soccer club based in Sandy, Utah, a suburb of Salt Lake City. The team competes in Major League Soccer. RSL was one of two expansion teams awarded in 2004 that began play in MLS in 2005. They currently play their home games at Rio Tinto Stadium. Real Salt Lake won the 2009 MLS Cup and were runners-up of the 2013 MLS Cup, the 2010 MLS Supporters Shield, the 2010-11 CONCACAF Champions League, and the 2013 Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup. The team's head coach is former MLS goalkeeper Jeff Cassar.
/m/05bmq	Namibia, officially the Republic of Namibia, is a country in southern Africa whose western border is the Atlantic Ocean. It shares land borders with Angola and Zambia to the north, Botswana to the east and South Africa to the south and east. Although it does not border with Zimbabwe, less than 200 metres of riverbed separates them at their closest points. It gained independence from South Africa on 21 March 1990, following the Namibian War of Independence. Its capital and largest city is Windhoek. Namibia is a member state of the United Nations, the Southern African Development Community, the African Union, and the Commonwealth of Nations.\nThe dry lands of Namibia were inhabited since early times by San, Damara, and Namaqua, and since about the 14th century AD by immigrating Bantu who came with the Bantu expansion. Most of the territory became a German Imperial protectorate in 1884 and remained a German colony until the end of World War I. In 1920, the League of Nations mandated the country to South Africa, which imposed its laws and, from 1948, its apartheid policy. The port of Walvis Bay and the offshore Penguin Islands had been annexed by the Cape Colony under the British crown by 1878 and had become an integral part of the new Union of South Africa at its creation in 1910.
/m/04glr5h	Andre Jacquemetton is an American television writer and producer. He served as a producer for the first season of Mad Men and co-wrote -- with wife Maria Jacquemetton -- three episodes of the season. Alongside his colleagues on the writing staff he won a Writers Guild of America Award for Best New Series and was nominated for the award for Best Dramatic Series at the February 2008 ceremony for his work on the season. He returned as a producer for the second season and continued to write episodes. He was nominated for the WGA award for Best Dramatic Series a second time at the February 2009 ceremony for his work on the second season. He won the WGA Award for Best Drama Series at the February 2010 ceremony for his work on the third season.\nHe has been nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing for a Drama Series for writing the episodes \"Six Month Leave\", \"Blowing Smoke\", and \"Commissions and Fees\".
/m/03jqfx	The Ottoman wars in Europe, known as the Ottoman Wars or Turkish Wars for short, were a series of military conflicts. They began with the Byzantine–Ottoman Wars in the 13th century and continued with the Bulgarian–Ottoman Wars and the Serbian–Ottoman Wars in the 14th century, whereupon the Ottoman Empire rapidly conquered the Balkans. The initial Serbian–Ottoman Wars, Croatian–Ottoman Wars and the Ottoman–Hungarian Wars led to a further expansion of the Ottomans into Central Europe in the 15th and 16th centuries. The expansion was significantly checked in the Siege of Vienna, starting the Ottoman–Habsburg wars, and the Holy League of Christian states were able to reverse many Ottoman conquests in the Great Turkish War. Internal rebellions such as the Second Serbian Uprising and the Greek War of Independence, coupled with continual wars with Russia and Poland, atrophied the empire, which collapsed at the conclusion of World War I with the signing of the Treaty of Sèvres.
/m/0fb1q	Whoopi Goldberg is an American comedian, actress, singer-songwriter, political activist, author and talk show host. Although Goldberg made her film debut in the avant-garde ensemble film Citizen: I'm Not Losing My Mind, I'm Giving It Away, her breakthrough role was playing Celie, a mistreated black woman in the Deep South in the period drama film The Color Purple.\nShe played Oda Mae Brown – a wacky psychic helping a slain man save his lover – in the romantic fantasy film Ghost for which she won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress. Goldberg was the second black woman in the history of the Academy Awards to win an acting Oscar. She was co-producer of the television game show Hollywood Squares from 1998 to 2004. She has been the moderator of the daytime television talk show The View since 2007. Goldberg has been nominated for 13 Emmy Awards for her work in television. She is one of the few entertainers who have won an Emmy, Grammy, Oscar, and Tony Award. In the 1990s, Goldberg was rumored to be the highest paid actress for her appearances in film.
/m/0136jw	Danbury is a city in northern Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States, approximately 70 miles from New York City. Danbury's population at the 2010 census was 80,893. Danbury is the fourth most-populous city in Fairfield County, and seventh among Connecticut cities. The city is located within the New York metropolitan area.\nThe city was named for the place of origin of many of the early settlers, Danbury, Essex, England, and has been nicknamed Hat City, because of its history in the hat industry, at one point producing almost 25% of America's hats.\nDanbury is home to a regional hospital as well as Western Connecticut State University.
/m/01gzdk	Sir is an honorific address used as a courtesy title to address a man without using his given name or family name in many English speaking cultures. It is often used in formal correspondence.\nThe term is often reserved for use only towards one of superior rank or status, such as an educator, or as a form of address from a merchant to a customer.\nEquivalent terms of address are \"ma'am\" or \"madam\" in most cases, or in the case of a very young woman, girl, or unmarried woman who prefers to be addressed as such, \"miss\". The equivalent term for a knighted woman is Dame, or \"Lady\" for the wife of a knight.
/m/05jm7	Neil Richard MacKinnon Gaiman is an English author of short fiction, novels, comic books, graphic novels, audio theatre and films. His notable works include the comic book series The Sandman and novels Stardust, American Gods, Coraline, and The Graveyard Book. He has won numerous awards, including the Hugo, Nebula, and Bram Stoker awards, as well as the Newbery and Carnegie medals. He is the first author to win both the Newbery and the Carnegie medals for the same work, The Graveyard Book. In 2013, The Ocean at the End of the Lane was voted Book of the Year in the British National Book Awards.
/m/012rng	Norman Frederick Jewison, CC, O.Ont is a Canadian film director, producer, actor and founder of the Canadian Film Centre. Highlights of his directing career include The Cincinnati Kid, The Russians Are Coming, the Russians Are Coming, In the Heat of the Night, The Thomas Crown Affair, Fiddler on the Roof, Jesus Christ Superstar, F.I.S.T, ...And Justice for All, Moonstruck, Other People's Money, The Hurricane and The Statement. Jewison has addressed important social and political issues throughout his directing and producing career, often making controversial or complicated subjects accessible to mainstream audiences.
/m/0jgjn	Civil union, also referred to as civil partnership or registered partnership, is a legally recognized form of partnership similar to marriage. Beginning with Denmark in 1989, civil unions under one name or another have been established by law in several mostly developed countries in order to provide legal recognition of relationships formed by unmarried same-sex couples and to afford them rights, benefits, and responsibilities similar to those of legally married couples. In some jurisdictions of Brazil, New Zealand, Uruguay, Ecuador, France and the U.S. states of Colorado, Hawaii and Illinois, civil unions are also open to opposite-sex couples.\nMany countries with civil unions recognize foreign unions if those are essentially equivalent to their own; for example, the United Kingdom lists equivalent unions in Civil Partnership Act Schedule 20.\nIn several countries, civil unions for same-sex partners have been superseded by same-sex marriage.
/m/02fybl	Jared Leto is an American actor, singer-songwriter, musician, director, producer, activist, philanthropist, photographer and businessman. After starting his career with television appearances in the early 1990s, Leto achieved recognition for his role as Jordan Catalano on the television series My So-Called Life. He made his film debut in How to Make an American Quilt and received first notable critical praise for his performance in Prefontaine. Leto played supporting roles in The Thin Red Line, Fight Club and American Psycho, as well as the lead role in Urban Legend, and earned critical acclaim after portraying heroin addict Harry Goldfarb in Requiem for a Dream. He later began focusing increasingly on his music career, returning to acting with Panic Room, Alexander, Lord of War, Lonely Hearts, Chapter 27, and Mr. Nobody. He made his directorial debut in 2012 with the documentary film Artifact.\nLeto's performance as a transgender woman in Dallas Buyers Club received critical praise and earned him the Golden Globe Award, the Screen Actors Guild Award, the Broadcast Film Critics Association Award and a nomination for the Academy Award. Leto is considered to be a method actor, known for his constant devotion to and research of his roles. He often remains completely in character for the duration of the shooting schedules of his films, even to the point of adversely affecting his health. He is also known to be selective about his film roles.
/m/028k57	Eugene Levy, CM is a Canadian actor, comedian, and writer. He is known for his work in Canadian television series, American movies, and television movies. He is the only actor to have appeared in all eight of the American Pie films, as Jim Levenstein's dad Noah. Like his Levenstein character, Levy often plays nerdy, unconventional figures, with his humor often deriving from his excessive explanations with matters and the way in which he deals with sticky situations. Levy was appointed to the Order of Canada on June 30, 2011.
/m/04764j	Sydney Football Club, commonly known as Sydney FC, is a professional soccer club based in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia and competes in the country's premier competition for the code, the A-League. Sydney FC were inaugural winners of the A-League in 2006 and are considered one of the most successful teams in Australia having won two national A-League Championships and one Premiers' Plate. Sydney also remain the only A-League team ever to win the OFC Champions League as since 2006 A-League teams have gained qualification to the AFC Champions League instead, in which Sydney has also competed. They finished 2nd in the group stage of the 2007 season of the tournament and also competed in the 2011 season. Having won titles in the W-League and in the National Youth League Sydney hold the distinction of being the only club to have won all 3 competitions.\nIts home ground is Allianz Stadium, a 45,500 seat multi-use venue in the suburb of Moore Park. Right from the beginning Sydney FC was marketed as the \"glamour club\" of the new competition, with the involvement of the club's high-profile personnel, including investor and actor Anthony LaPaglia, ex-Manchester United star Dwight Yorke as the team's first \"marquee player\" and 1990 FIFA World Cup winner Pierre Littbarski as manager in the first season. Sydney went on to sign Former English International defender Terry Butcher as the 2006–07 season coach, Brazilian superstar midfielder Juninho Paulista in the 2007–08 season, Socceroo legends John Aloisi and Brett Emerton in their 2008–09 and 2011-12 seasons, and Italian legend Alessandro Del Piero in the 2012–13 season, with each as the highest paid footballer in Australia in their respective seasons. Current Australian captain Lucas Neill, striker Benito Carbone of Italy, and Japanese legend Kazuyoshi Miura have also made appearances in the sky blue jersey.
/m/02gn8s	Pasadena City College is a community college located in Pasadena, California. The school is part of California's 112 community colleges, which have a total enrollment of 2.6 million students, the largest higher education system in the world. Over one million individuals have taken classes at PCC in its over 75 years.
/m/0sx92	The 1984 Winter Olympics, officially known as the XIV Olympic Winter Games, was a winter multi-sport event which took place from 8–19 February 1984 in Sarajevo, Yugoslavia, in present-day Bosnia-Herzegovina. Other candidate cities were Sapporo, Japan; and Gothenburg, Sweden. It was the first Winter Olympics and the second consecutive Olympics held in a Communist state, after the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow, Soviet Union.
/m/02h8hr	Akira Ishida is a Japanese voice actor.\nHe was a part of Mausu Promotion from 1988 until March 2009. He is a member of Gerbera Peerless Ltd. For his portrayal of \"Athrun Zala\" in Gundam Seed Destiny, he won the \"Best Supporting Character\" award at the first Seiyu Awards in 2007 and was chosen as the most popular voice actor in the Animage Anime Grand Prix in 2004 for his portrayal of the character Athrun Zala.
/m/0l35f	Sonoma County, located on the northern coast of the U.S. state of California, is the largest and northernmost of the nine San Francisco Bay Area counties. Its population at the 2010 census was 483,878. Its largest city and county seat is Santa Rosa.\nSonoma is the southwestern county and largest producer of California's Wine Country region, which also includes Napa, Mendocino, and Lake counties. It has 13 approved American Viticultural Areas and over 250 wineries. In 2002, Sonoma County ranked as the 32nd county in the United States in agricultural production. As early as 1920, Sonoma County was ranked as the eighth most agriculturally productive U.S county and a leading producer of poultry products, hops, grapes, prunes, apples and dairy products, largely due to the extent of available, fertile agricultural land, in addition to the abundance of high quality irrigation water. More than 7.4 million tourists visit each year, spending more than $1 billion in 2006. Sonoma County is the home of Sonoma State University and Santa Rosa Junior College.\nSonoma County is home to several Native American tribes. By the 1830s, European settlement had set a new direction that would prove to radically alter the course of land use and resource management of this region. As of 2007, Sonoma County has rich agricultural land, albeit now largely divided between two nearly monocultural uses: grapes and pasturage. The voters have twice approved open space initiatives that have provided funding for public acquisition of natural areas, preserving forested areas, coastal habitat, and other open space.
/m/0gj96ln	Hotel Transylvania is a 2012 American 3D computer-animated fantasy comedy film produced by Sony Pictures Animation. It was directed by Genndy Tartakovsky, the creator of Samurai Jack, Dexter's Laboratory, and Sym-Bionic Titan, and produced by Michelle Murdocca. The film features the voices of Adam Sandler, Andy Samberg, Selena Gomez, Kevin James, Fran Drescher, Steve Buscemi, Molly Shannon, David Spade and Cee Lo Green.\nThe film tells a story of Dracula, the owner of Hotel Transylvania, where the world's monsters can take a rest from human civilization. Dracula invites some of the most famous monsters, including Frankenstein's monster, Mummy, a Werewolf family, and the Invisible Man, to celebrate the 118th birthday of his daughter Mavis. When the hotel is unexpectedly visited by an ordinary 21-year-old traveler named Jonathan, Dracula must protect Mavis from falling in love with him before the hotel's guests learn there is a human in the castle, which may jeopardize the hotel's future.\nThe film was released on September 28, 2012 by Columbia Pictures. It was met with mixed critical reception, while the general public received it favorably. Despite mixed reviews, Hotel Transylvania set a new record for the highest-grossing September opening weekend ever, earning a total of $358 million on a budget of $85 million. The film was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Animated Feature Film.
/m/01r6jt2	Jule Styne was an English-born American songwriter especially famous for a series of Broadway musicals, which include several very well known and frequently revived shows.\nAmong his most enduring songs is \"Let It Snow! Let It Snow! Let It Snow!\", cowritten with Sammy Cahn in 1945.
/m/0fg1g	Haifa is the largest city in northern Israel, and the third-largest city in the country, with a population of over 291,000. Another 300,000 people live in towns directly adjacent to the city including Daliyat al-Karmel, the Krayot, Nesher, Tirat Carmel, and some Kibbuzim. Together these areas form a contiguous urban area home to nearly 600,000 residents which makes up the inner core of the Haifa metropolitan area. It is also home to the Bahá'í World Centre, a UNESCO World Heritage Site.\nBuilt on the slopes of Mount Carmel, the history of settlement at the site spans more than 3,000 years. The earliest known settlement in the vicinity was Tell Abu Hawam, a small port city established in the Late Bronze Age. In the 3rd century CE, Haifa was known as a dye-making center. Over the centuries, the city has changed hands: It has been conquered and ruled by the Phoenicians, Persians, Hasmoneans, Romans, Byzantines, Arabs, Crusaders, Ottomans, British, and the Israelis. Since the establishment of the State of Israel in 1948; the city has been governed by the Haifa Municipality.\nToday, the city is a major seaport located on Israel's Mediterranean coastline in the Bay of Haifa covering 63.7 square kilometres. It is located about 90 kilometres north of Tel Aviv and is the major regional center of northern Israel. Two respected academic institutions, the University of Haifa and the Technion, are located in Haifa, and the city plays an important role in Israel's economy. It is home to Matam, one of the oldest and largest high-tech parks in the country. Haifa Bay is a center of heavy industry, petroleum refining and chemical processing. Haifa was formerly the western terminus of an oil pipeline from Iraq via Jordan.
/m/02h758	Seven Network is the second Australian commercial free-to-air television network, who are currently owned by Seven West Media Limited. It dates back to 4 November 1956, when the first stations on the VHF7 frequency were established in Melbourne, Victoria and Sydney, New South Wales. The Seven Network is also the second of the five national free-to-air networks in Australia.\nSince 2007, the Seven Network has been the highest rated television network in Australia, ahead of the Nine Network, Network Ten, ABC and SBS. In 2011 the Seven Network won all 40 out of 40 weeks of the ratings season for total viewers. Seven is the first to do this since the introduction of the OZtam ratings system in 2001. It is currently the second largest network in the country in terms of population reach.
/m/0bwfwpj	Super 8 is a 2011 American science fiction adventure thriller film written, co-produced, and directed by J. J. Abrams. It is also produced by Steven Spielberg. The film stars Joel Courtney, Elle Fanning, and Kyle Chandler and tells the story of a group of young teenagers who are filming their own Super 8 movie in a small town when a train derails, releasing a dangerous presence into their town. The movie was filmed in Weirton, West Virginia and surrounding areas.\nSuper 8 was released on June 10, 2011, in conventional and IMAX theaters in the US. The film was well-received with critics praising the film for its nostalgia, visual effects, musical score, and for the performances of its young actors, particularly those of Fanning and newcomer Courtney. It was also a commercial success, grossing some $260 million against a $50 million budget. The film received several awards and nominations; primarily in technical and special effects categories, as well as for Courtney and Fanning's performances as the film's two young leads.
/m/02sdwt	Erasmus Hall High School was a four-year public high school located at 899-925 Flatbush Avenue between Church and Snyder Avenues in the Flatbush neighborhood of the New York City borough of Brooklyn. It was founded in 1786 as Erasmus Hall Academy, a private institution of higher learning named for the scholar Desiderius Erasmus, a Dutch Renaissance humanist and Catholic Christian theologian. The school was the first secondary school chartered by the New York State Regents. The clapboard-sided, Georgian-Federal-style building, constructed on land donated by the Flatbush Reformed Dutch Church, was turned over to the public school system in 1896.\nAround the start of the 20th century, Brooklyn experienced a rapidly growing population, and the original small school was enlarged with the addition of several wings and the purchase of several nearby buildings. In 1904, the Board of Education began a new building campaign to meet the needs of the burgeoning student population. The Superintendent of School Buildings, architect C. B. J. Snyder, designed a series of buildings to be constructed as needed, around an open quadrangle, while continuing to use the old building in the center of the courtyard. The original Academy building, which still stands in the courtyard of the current school, served the students of Erasmus Hall in three different centuries. Now a designated New York City Landmark and listed in the National Register of Historic Places, the building is a museum exhibiting the school’s long and colorful history.
/m/01dvtx	Leo Strauss was a German–American political philosopher and classicist who specialized in classical political philosophy. He was born in Germany to Jewish parents and later emigrated to the United States. He spent most of his career as a professor of political science at the University of Chicago, where he taught several generations of students and published fifteen books.\nOriginally trained in the neo-Kantian tradition with Ernst Cassirer and immersed in the work of the phenomenologists Edmund Husserl and Martin Heidegger, Strauss later focused his research on the Greek texts of Plato and Aristotle, retracing their interpretation through medieval Islamic and Jewish philosophy and encouraging the application of those ideas to contemporary political theory.
/m/02xx5	February is the second month of the year in the Julian and Gregorian calendars. It is the shortest month and the only month with fewer than 30 days. The month has 28 days in common years or 29 days in leap years.\nFebruary is the third month of meteorological winter in the Northern Hemisphere. In the Southern Hemisphere, February is the seasonal equivalent of August in the Northern Hemisphere, in meteorological reckoning.\nFebruary starts on the same day of the week as March and November in common years, and on the same day of the week as August in leap years. February ends on the same day of the week as October every year and on the same day of the week as January in common years only. In leap years, it is the only month that ends on the same weekday it begins.
/m/07zmj	The Venice Film Festival or Venice International Film Festival is the oldest international film festival in the world. Founded by Count Giuseppe Volpi in 1932 as the \"Esposizione Internazionale d'Arte Cinematografica\", the festival has since taken place every year in late August or early September on the island of the Lido, Venice, Italy. Screenings take place in the historic Palazzo del Cinema on the Lungomare Marconi and in other venues nearby. It is one of the world's most prestigious film festivals and is part of the Venice Biennale, for over a century one of the most prestigious cultural institutions in the world. It is known world-wide for the International Film Festival, the International Art Exhibition and the International Architecture Exhibition, and continues the great tradition of the Festival of Contemporary Music, the Theatre Festival, now flanked by the Festival of Contemporary Dance.\nThe Film Festival's principal awards are the Leone d'Oro, which is awarded to the best film screened in competition at the festival, the Leone d'Argento for the Best Director, and the Coppa Volpi, which is awarded to the best actor and actress. The Jury may also choose to award a Special Lion for an overall work to a director or actor of a film presented in the main competition section.
/m/042v2	John Winslow Irving is an American novelist and Academy Award-winning screenwriter.\nIrving achieved critical and popular acclaim after the international success of The World According to Garp in 1978. Some of Irving's novels, such as The Cider House Rules and A Prayer for Owen Meany, have been bestsellers. Five of his novels have been adapted to film. Several of Irving's books and short stories have been set in and around Phillips Exeter Academy in Exeter, New Hampshire. He won the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay in 1999 for his script The Cider House Rules.
/m/0m1xv	A talk show or chat show is a television programming or radio programming genre in which one person discusses various topics put forth by a talk show host.\nUsually, guests consist of a group of people who are learned or who have great experience in relation to whatever issue is being discussed on the show for that episode. Other times, a single guest discusses their work or area of expertise with a host or co-hosts. A call-in show takes live phone calls from callers listening at home, in their cars, etc. Sometimes, guests are already seated but are often introduced and enter from backstage. Gay Byrne, Steve Allen, Jack Paar, Johnny Carson, Dick Cavett, Ed Sullivan, Oprah Winfrey, Rush Limbaugh, and Mosunmola Abudu have hosted notable talk shows; in many cases, the shows have made their hosts famous.
/m/0ly8z	Rosenborg Ballklub is a Norwegian professional football club from Trondheim that plays in Tippeligaen. Rosenborg is Norway's most successful team, having won 22 league titles, nine Norwegian Football Cup titles and played more UEFA matches than any other Norwegian team. RBK plays its home games at the all-seater Lerkendal Stadion with capacity for 21,166. Per Joar Hansen has been head coach since the 2013 season.\nThe club was founded as Odd in 1917, but were not allowed to play amateur league matches until 1928, when they took the present name. They reached the League of Norway in 1937–38, but fell to lower divisions from the 1940s. The club moved to Lerkendal in 1957 and their first title was the 1960 Cup, resulting in the first participation in a UEFA tournament. It was first during the 1960s that RBK established itself as Trondheim's primary football team. From 1967, RBK qualified for the lop league, where they, except for 1978, have remained since. Three league titles were taken between 1967 and 1971. The team's golden era started with the 1985 league title, and from 1991 through 2004 the team won 13 consecutive titles, 10 under manager Nils Arne Eggen. The period also saw 11 participation in the group stage of Champions League and reaching the quarter-finals in 1996–97.
/m/012tqm	The United States Army Air Forces was the military aviation service of the United States of America during and immediately after World War II, and the direct predecessor of the United States Air Force. The AAF was a component of the United States Army, which in 1942 was divided functionally by executive order into three autonomous forces: the Army Ground Forces, the Services of Supply, and the AAF. Each of these forces had a commanding general who reported directly to the Chief of Staff of the United States Army.\nThe AAF administered all parts of military aviation formerly distributed among the Army Air Corps, General Headquarters Air Force, and ground forces corps area commanders, and thus became the first air organization of the U.S. Army to control its own installations and support personnel. The peak size of the AAF was over 2.4 million men and women in service and nearly 80,000 aircraft in 1944, and 783 domestic bases in December 1943. By VE Day it had 1.25 million men stationed overseas and operated from more than 1,600 airfields worldwide.\nThe Air Corps became the Army Air Forces in June 1941 to provide the air arm a greater autonomy in which to expand more efficiently, and to provide a structure for the additional command echelons required by a vastly increased force. Although other nations already had separate air forces independent of the army or navy, the AAF remained a part of the United States Army until the independent United States Air Force came into being in September 1947.
/m/01nhgd	Cleveland State University is a public university located in downtown Cleveland, Ohio. It was established in 1964 when the state of Ohio assumed control of Fenn College and absorbed the Cleveland-Marshall College of Law in 1969. Today it is part of the University System of Ohio, has more than 100,000 alumni, and offers over 200 academic programs. Its mission is to \"encourage excellence, diversity, and engaged learning by providing a contemporary and accessible education in the arts, sciences, humanities and professions, and by conducting research, scholarship, and creative activity across these branches of knowledge.\"
/m/0fb18	The Adirondack Mountains are an unusual geological formation located in the northeastern lobe of Upstate New York in the United States. The mountains rise in Clinton, Essex, Franklin, Fulton, Hamilton, Herkimer, Lewis, St. Lawrence, Saratoga, Warren, and Washington counties.\nUnlike linear mountain ranges that form along tectonic plate boundaries, the Adirondack mountains resemble a dome. They were formed by the recent uplift and exposure of previously deeply buried metamorphic and igneous rocks over a billion years old. The same rocks can be found in the Laurentian Mountains of Quebec, Canada, and the Adirondacks can be considered the southernmost expression of this range. They are bordered on the east by Lake Champlain and Lake George, which separate them from the Green Mountains in Vermont. They are bordered to the south by the Mohawk Valley, and to the west by the Tug Hill Plateau, separated by the Black River. This region is south of the Saint Lawrence River.
/m/0s5cg	Oak Park is a village adjacent to the western side of the city of Chicago in Cook County, Illinois, United States. It is the 29th largest municipality in Illinois as measured by population, and has easy access to downtown Chicago via public transportation such as the Chicago 'L' Blue and Green lines, CTA buses, and Metra commuter rail. As of the 2010 United States Census the Village had a total population to 51,878.
/m/01vw8mh	Calvin Cordozar Broadus, Jr., known by his stage names Snoop Doggy Dogg, Snoop Dogg, and later Snoop Lion, is an American rapper, singer-songwriter, and actor. Snoop has sold over 30 million albums worldwide. His music career began in 1992 when he was discovered by Dr. Dre. He collaborated on Dre's solo debut The Chronic, and on the theme song to the feature film Deep Cover.\nSnoop's debut album, Doggystyle, was released in 1993 under Death Row Records, debuting at No. 1 on both the Billboard 200 and Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs charts. Selling almost a million copies in the first week of its release, Doggystyle became certified 4× platinum in 1994 and spawned several hit singles, including \"What's My Name\" and \"Gin & Juice\". In 1994, Snoop released a soundtrack on Death Row Records for the short film Murder Was The Case, starring himself. His second album Tha Doggfather, also debuted at No. 1 on both charts with \"Snoop's Upside Ya Head\" as the lead single. The album was certified double platinum in 1997.\nAfter leaving Death Row, Snoop signed with No Limit Records, where he recorded his next three albums. Da Game Is to Be Sold, Not to Be Told, No Limit Top Dogg, and Tha Last Meal. Snoop then signed with Priority/Capitol/EMI Records in 2002, where he released Paid tha Cost to Be da Boss. He then signed with Geffen Records in 2004 for his next three albums R&G: The Masterpiece, Tha Blue Carpet Treatment, and Ego Trippin'. Malice 'n Wonderland and Doggumentary, were released on Priority. Snoop Dogg has starred in motion pictures and hosted several television shows including, Doggy Fizzle Televizzle, Snoop Dogg's Father Hood, and Dogg After Dark. He also coaches a youth football league and high school football team. In September 2009, Snoop was hired by EMI as the chairman of a reactivated Priority Records.
/m/01trxd	The Freie Universität Berlin is a renowned research university located in Berlin and one of the most prominent universities in Germany. It is internationally known for its research in the humanities and social sciences, as well as in the field of natural and life sciences. Founded in West Berlin during the early Cold War period and born out of the increasingly Communist-controlled Humboldt University, its name refers to West Berlin's status as part of the free world, as opposed to the Soviet-occupied areas surrounding the city.\nFreie Universität Berlin was one of nine German universities to win in the German Universities Excellence Initiative, a national competition for universities organized by the German federal government. Winning a distinction for five doctoral programs, three interdisciplinary research clusters and its overall institutional strategy as an \"International Network University\", Freie Universität Berlin was the single most successful university in the initiative.
/m/016475	A picture book combines visual and verbal narratives in a book format, most often aimed at young children. The images in picture books use a range of media such as oil paints, acrylics, watercolor, and pencil, among others. Two of the earliest books with something like the format picture books still retain now were Heinrich Hoffmann's Struwwelpeter from 1845 and Beatrix Potter's The Tale of Peter Rabbit from 1902. Some of the best-known picture books are Robert McCloskey's Make Way for Ducklings, Dr. Seuss' The Cat In The Hat, and Maurice Sendak's Where the Wild Things Are. The Caldecott Medal and Kate Greenaway Medal are awarded annually for illustrations in children's literature. From the mid-1960s several children's literature awards include a category for picture books.
/m/01n1pp	The University of Bologna is a university located in Bologna, Italy, founded in 1088. As of 2013 the University's crest carries the motto Alma mater studiorum and the date A.D. 1088. The University has about 85,000 students in its 23 schools. It has branch centres in Imola, Ravenna, Forlì, Cesena and Rimini and a branch center abroad in Buenos Aires. It also has a school of excellence named Collegio Superiore di Bologna. It is widely recognised as the oldest university in continuous operation, considering that it was the first to use the term universitas for the corporations of students and masters which came to define the institution.
/m/0lrh	Irwin Allen Ginsberg was an American poet and one of the leading figures of both the Beat Generation of the 1950s and the counterculture that soon would follow. He vigorously opposed militarism, economic materialism and sexual repression. Ginsberg is best known for his epic poem \"Howl\", in which he denounced what he saw as the destructive forces of capitalism and conformity in the United States.\nIn 1957, \"Howl\" attracted widespread publicity when it became the subject of an obscenity trial, as it depicted heterosexual and homosexual sex at a time when sodomy laws made homosexual acts a crime in every U.S. state. \"Howl\" reflected Ginsberg's own homosexuality and his relationships with a number of men, including Peter Orlovsky, his lifelong partner. Judge Clayton W. Horn ruled that \"Howl\" was not obscene, adding, \"Would there be any freedom of press or speech if one must reduce his vocabulary to vapid innocuous euphemisms?\"\nGinsberg was a practicing Buddhist who studied Eastern religious disciplines extensively. He lived modestly, buying his clothing in second-hand stores and residing in downscale apartments in New York’s East Village. One of his most influential teachers was the Tibetan Buddhist, the Venerable Chögyam Trungpa, founder of the Naropa Institute, now Naropa University at Boulder, Colorado. At Trungpa's urging, Ginsberg and poet Anne Waldman started The Jack Kerouac School of Disembodied Poetics there in 1974.
/m/05dy7p	Kundun is a 1997 epic biographical film written by Melissa Mathison and directed by Martin Scorsese. It is based on the life and writings of the 14th Dalai Lama, the exiled political and spiritual leader of Tibet. Tenzin Thuthob Tsarong, a grandnephew of the Dalai Lama, stars as the adult Dalai Lama.\n\"Kundun\", meaning \"presence\", is a title by which the Dalai Lama is addressed. Kundun was released only a few months after Seven Years in Tibet, sharing the latter's location and its depiction of the Dalai Lama at several stages of his youth, though Kundun covers a period three times longer.
/m/07sp4l	In the Name of the King: A Dungeon Siege Tale is a 2007 fantasy adventure film directed by Uwe Boll, inspired by the Dungeon Siege video game series. It was produced by Brightlight Pictures and distributed by Freestyle Releasing and Vivendi Entertainment in the United States and Canada. 20th Century Fox took distribution overseas. It premiered at the American Film Market on November 3, 2006. It was released in Germany on November 29, 2007 and was released in the United States on January 11, 2008.
/m/0sc6p	Alton is a city on the Mississippi River in Madison County, Illinois, United States, about 15 miles north of St. Louis, Missouri. The population was 27,865 at the 2010 census. It is a part of the Metro-East region of the Greater St. Louis metropolitan area in Southern Illinois. It is famous for its limestone bluffs along the river north of the city, for its role preceding and during the American Civil War, and as the hometown of jazz musician Miles Davis and Robert Wadlow, the tallest known man in history. It was the site of the last Abraham Lincoln and Stephen Douglas debate in October 1858. The former state penitentiary here was used during the war to hold up to 12,000 Confederate prisoners of war.\nThe city has been labeled \"The most haunted city in America\" by paranormal enthusiasts, due to its claimed haunted hot spots, such as McPike Mansion and other structures. Most were built on foundations of stone taken from the former Civil War prison after it was abandoned. Confederate prisoners had suffered severe overcrowding, and many died during a smallpox epidemic. The city holds regular \"ghost tours\" and has been visited by television crews hoping to film proof of the paranormal.
/m/018cqq	The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development is an international economic organisation of 34 countries founded in 1961 to stimulate economic progress and world trade. It is a forum of countries committed to democracy and the market economy, providing a platform to compare policy experiences, seek answers to common problems, identify good practices and co-ordinate domestic and international policies of its members.\nThe OECD originated in 1948 as the Organisation for European Economic Co-operation, led by Robert Marjolin of France, to help administer the Marshall Plan. This would be achieved by allocating American financial aid and implementing economic programs for the reconstruction of Europe after World War II, where similar efforts in the Economic Cooperation Act of 1948 of the United States of America, which stipulated the Marshall Plan that had also taken places elsewhere in the world to war-torn Republic of China and post-war Korea, but the American recovery program in Europe was the most successful one.
/m/04d2yp	Henry Gibson was an American actor, singer and songwriter, best known as a cast member of Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In, for his portrayal of diminutive country star Haven Hamilton in Nashville, and for his recurring role as Judge Clark Brown on Boston Legal.
/m/02_gzx	The N. A. Rimsky-Korsakov Saint Petersburg State Conservatory is a music school in Saint Petersburg. In 2004, the conservatory had around 275 faculty members and 1,400 students.
/m/039d4	George Mason University, frequently referred to as GMU, is a public university based in unincorporated Fairfax County, Virginia, United States, south of and adjacent to the city of Fairfax. Additional campuses are located nearby in Arlington County, Prince William County, and Loudoun County. The university's motto is Freedom and Learning while its slogan or tagline is Where Innovation Is Tradition.\nNamed after American revolutionary, patriot, and founding father George Mason, the university was founded as a branch of the University of Virginia in 1957 and became an independent institution in 1972. Today, Mason is recognized for its strong programs in economics, law, creative writing, computer science, and business. In recent years, George Mason faculty have twice won the Nobel Prize in Economics. The university enrolls over 32,500 students, making it the largest university by head count in the Commonwealth of Virginia.
/m/016v46	Chengdu, formerly transliterated Chengtu, is the capital of Sichuan province in Southwest China and a major city in Western China. It holds sub-provincial administrative status. The urban area houses 14,047,625 inhabitants: 7,123,697 within the municipality's nine districts and 6,730,749 in the surrounding. Chengdu is the fourth most populous city in mainland China, and most populous among prefectural-level cities as well.\nChengdu is one of the most important economic, transportation, and communication centers in Western China. According to the 2007 Public Appraisal for Best Chinese Cities for Investment, Chengdu was chosen as one of the top ten cities to invest in out of a total of 280 urban centers in China. In 2006, it was named China's 4th-most livable city by China Daily.\nThe fertile Chengdu Plain, on which Chengdu is located, is also known as the \"Country of Heaven\", a phrase also often translated as \"The Land of Abundance\". The discovery of the Jinsha site suggests the area of Chengdu had become the center of the bronze age Sanxingdui culture around the time of the establishment of the state of Shu, prior to its annexation by Qin in 316 BC.
/m/0r2gj	Laguna Beach is an affluent seaside resort city located in southern Orange County, California, United States, approximately 19 miles southeast of the county seat of Santa Ana. Laguna Beach is known for its mild year-round climate, scenic beaches and coves, and artist community. The population in the 2010 census was 22,723.\nHistorically a territory of paleoindians, the Tongva people and then Mexico, the location became part of the United States following the Mexican-American War. Laguna Beach was settled in the 1870s, officially founded in 1887 and incorporated as the City of Laguna Beach in 1927. The city has remained relatively isolated from urban encroachment by its surrounding hills, limited highway access and a dedicated greenbelt. 5.88 miles of Laguna Beach coastline is protected by a State Marine Reserve and an additional 1.21 miles of Laguna coastline is a State Conservation Area.\nTourism is the primary industry with an estimated 3 million people visiting the community annually. The community hosts several large art events annually including the Pageant of the Masters, Festival of the Arts, Sawdust Festival and Art-A-Fair.
/m/0b_5d	The Apartment is a 1960 American comedy-drama film produced and directed by Billy Wilder, which stars Jack Lemmon, Shirley MacLaine, and Fred MacMurray. It was Wilder's next movie after Some Like It Hot and, like its predecessor, a commercial and critical smash, grossing $25 million at the box office. The film was nominated for ten Academy Awards, and won five, including Best Picture. The film was the basis of the 1968 Broadway musical Promises, Promises, with book by Neil Simon, music by Burt Bacharach, and lyrics by Hal David.
/m/012qxv	County Sligo is a county in Ireland. It is located in the Border Region and is also part of the province of Connacht. It is named after the town of Sligo. Sligo County Council is the local authority for the county. The population of the county is 65,393 according to the 2011 census. An archaeological recovery suggests the county may have been one of the earliest places of human settlement in Ireland.
/m/017d93	8 Mile is a 2002 American hip-hop drama film written by Scott Silver, directed by Curtis Hanson, and starring Eminem, Mekhi Phifer, Brittany Murphy, Taryn Manning, and Kim Basinger.\nThe film is an account of a young white rapper named Jimmy \"B-Rabbit\" Smith Jr. living in inner city Detroit, Michigan set in 1995, and his attempt to launch a rap career in a genre dominated by African Americans. The film's title is derived from 8 Mile Road, the dividing line between Detroit and its upper class suburbs.\nFilmed mostly on location in Detroit and its surrounding areas, the film was a critical and financial success. Eminem won the Academy Award for Best Original Song for \"Lose Yourself,\" the song which was iconic to this film. A decade after its release, Vibe magazine called the film a \"hip-hop movie masterpiece.\"
/m/01t_wfl	Peter Edward Cook was an English actor, satirist, writer and comedian.\nAn extremely influential figure in modern British comedy, he is regarded as the leading light of the British satire boom of the 1960s. Cook was closely associated with anti-establishment comedy that emerged in Britain and the United States in the late 1950s.
/m/02qjpv5	Mark Gordon is an American television and film producer. He is the President of the Producers Guild of America.
/m/017510	Country blues is a general term that refers to all the acoustic, mainly guitar-driven forms of the blues. It often incorporated elements of rural gospel, ragtime, hillbilly, and dixieland jazz. After blues' birth in the Southern United States, it quickly spread throughout the country, giving birth to a host of regional styles. These include Memphis, Detroit, Chicago, Texas, Piedmont, Louisiana, West Coast, Atlanta, St. Louis, East Coast, Swamp, New Orleans, Delta, Hill country and Kansas City blues.\nWhen African-American musical tastes began to change in the early 1960s, moving toward soul and rhythm and blues music, country blues found renewed popularity as \"folk blues\" and was sold to a primarily white, college-age audience. Traditional artists like Big Bill Broonzy and Sonny Boy Williamson II reinvented themselves as folk blues artists, while Piedmont bluesmen like Sonny Terry and Brownie McGhee found great success on the folk festival circuit.
/m/01hc1j	The Hebrew University of Jerusalem is Israel's second-oldest university, after the Technion. The Hebrew University has three campuses in Jerusalem and one in Rehovot. The world's largest Jewish studies library is located on its Edmond J. Safra Givat Ram campus.\nThe first Board of Governors included Albert Einstein, Sigmund Freud, Martin Buber, and Chaim Weizmann. Four of Israel's prime ministers are alumni of the Hebrew University. In the last decade, seven researchers and alumni of the University received the Nobel Prize and one was awarded the Fields Medal.\nAccording to the Academic Ranking of World Universities, the Hebrew University is the top university in Israel, overall the 59th-best university in the world, 16th in mathematics, 27th in computer science and 44th in business/economics.\nIn 2013, the Center for World University Rankings ranked the Hebrew University 21st in the world and the top in Israel in its World University Rankings, while another survey ranked it as the 9th best university to work in, and the 2nd best outside of the United States.
/m/0gt_0v	Post-bop is a form of small-combo jazz music that evolved in the early-to-mid sixties.
/m/02b0yz	Colchester United Football Club is a football club in Colchester, England, that plays in League One, the third tier in the English football league system. The club was formed in 1937, and briefly shared their old Layer Road home with now defunct side Colchester Town who had previously used the ground from 1910.\nColchester United are perhaps most famous for beating Don Revie's Leeds United 3–2 in the 5th round of the FA Cup in 1971. Their highest ever league finish was achieved in 2006–07, when they ended the season in 10th place in the Championship, above East Anglian rivals Ipswich Town, Norwich City and also Essex rivals Southend United while having the division's lowest attendance.
/m/0yldt	Balliol College, founded in 1263, is one of the constituent colleges of the University of Oxford in England.\nAmong the college's alumni are three former prime ministers, five Nobel laureates, and a number of literary figures and philosophers. Moral philosopher Adam Smith is perhaps the best known alumnus of the college.\nAs of 2009, Balliol had an endowment of £64 m.
/m/01cszh	Arista was an American record label. It was a wholly owned subsidiary of Sony Music Entertainment and operated under the RCA Music Group. The label was founded in 1974 by Clive Davis, who formerly worked for CBS Records. Until its demise in 2011, it was a major distributor and promoter of albums throughout the United States and United Kingdom.
/m/0_678	A tactical shooter is a subgenre of shooter game that includes both first-person shooters and third-person shooters. These games typically simulate realistic combat, thus making tactics and caution more important than quick reflexes in other action games. Tactical shooters involving military combat are sometimes known as \"soldier sims\".
/m/01mgw	Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon is a 2000 wuxia film. An American-Chinese-Hong Kong-Taiwanese co-production, the film was directed by Ang Lee and featured an international cast of ethnic Chinese actors, including Chow Yun-Fat, Michelle Yeoh, Zhang Ziyi, and Chang Chen. The film was based on the fourth novel in a pentalogy, known in China as the Crane Iron Pentalogy, by wuxia novelist Wang Dulu. The martial arts and action sequences were choreographed by Yuen Wo Ping.\nMade on a mere US$17 million budget, with dialogue in Mandarin, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon became a surprise international success, grossing $213.5 million. It grossed US$128 million in the United States, becoming the highest-grossing foreign-language film in American history. It has won over 40 awards. The film won the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film and three other Academy Awards, and was nominated for six other Academy Awards, including Best Picture. The film also won four BAFTAs and two Golden Globe Awards, one for Best Foreign Film. Along with its awards success, Crouching Tiger continues to be hailed as one of the greatest and most influential foreign language films in the United States, especially coming out of China. It has been praised for its martial arts sequences, story, and cinematography.
/m/0dc7hc	The Pink Panther 2 is a 2009 American detective comedy film directed by Harald Zwart. It is the eleventh installment in the The Pink Panther film series and the sequel to the 2006 film The Pink Panther, a reboot of the popular comedy series. The film was released on February 6, 2009 in North America. In the film, Inspector Clouseau must team up with detectives from other countries to rout a daring burglar, The Tornado, who has returned after a decade of inactivity. Steve Martin, who reprised the role of Clouseau, originated by Peter Sellers, polished the original script written by Scott Neustadter and Michael H. Weber in November 2006. MGM, partnering with Columbia Pictures on the sequel, hired the team of Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel to perform a further rewrite in January 2007. Principal photography began in Paris on August 20, 2007, then moved to Boston several weeks later, where filming ended on November 2, 2007.\nBollywood actress Aishwarya Rai appears as the criminology expert Sonia Solandres. John Cleese replaces Kevin Kline as Chief Inspector Dreyfus with Jean Reno and Emily Mortimer reprising their roles as Clouseau's partner Ponton and Clouseau's girlfriend Nicole. Beyonce Knowles didn't return for the sequel Andy García, Yuki Matsuzaki and Alfred Molina round out the cast as detectives, Italian Inspector Vicenzo Brancaleone, Japanese Inspector Kenji Mazuto and British Chief Inspector Randall Pepperidge. It was released on Blu-ray Disc and DVD on June 23, 2009.
/m/0m75g	Sheffield is a city and metropolitan borough in South Yorkshire, England. Historically part of the West Riding of Yorkshire, its name derives from the River Sheaf, which runs through the city. With some of its southern suburbs annexed from Derbyshire, the city has grown from its largely industrial roots to encompass a wider economic base. The population of the City of Sheffield is 551,800 and it is one of the eight largest regional English cities that make up the Core Cities Group. Sheffield is the third largest English district by population.\nDuring the 19th century, Sheffield gained an international reputation for steel production. Many innovations were developed locally, including crucible and stainless steel, fuelling an almost tenfold increase in the population during the Industrial Revolution. Sheffield received its municipal charter in 1843, becoming the City of Sheffield in 1893. International competition in iron and steel caused a decline in traditional local industries during the 1970s and 1980s, coinciding with the collapse of coal mining in the area.\nThe 21st century has seen extensive redevelopment in Sheffield along with other British cities. Sheffield's gross value added has increased by 60% since 1997, standing at £9.2 billion in 2007. The economy has experienced steady growth averaging around 5% annually, greater than that of the broader region of Yorkshire and the Humber.
/m/0crx5w	Steven E. Levitan is an American director, screenwriter and producer of television comedies. He has created such TV series as Just Shoot Me!, Stark Raving Mad, Stacked, Back to You, and Modern Family.
/m/027nb	Dominica, officially the Commonwealth of Dominica, is an island nation in the Lesser Antilles region of the Caribbean Sea, south-southeast of Guadeloupe and northwest of Martinique. Its size is 750 square kilometres and the highest point in the country is Morne Diablotins, which has an elevation of 1,447 metres. The Commonwealth of Dominica had a population of 71,293 at the 2011 Census. The capital is Roseau which is located on the leeward side of the island.\nDominica has been nicknamed the \"Nature Isle of the Caribbean\" for its unspoiled natural beauty. It is the youngest island in the Lesser Antilles, still being formed by geothermal-volcanic activity, as evidenced by the world's second-largest hot spring, Boiling Lake. The island features lush mountainous rainforests, home of many rare plant, animal, and bird species. There are xeric areas in some of the western coastal regions, but heavy rainfall can be expected inland. Dominica is the only country in the world with a count of 365 rivers. The Sisserou Parrot, is found only on the Caribbean Island of Dominica and is the island's national bird. It is featured on the national flag. Dominica's economy is heavily dependent on both tourism and agriculture.
/m/01yfm8	Stuart Bruce Greenwood is a Canadian actor and musician. He is generally known for his roles as U.S. presidents in Thirteen Days and National Treasure: Book of Secrets and for his role as Captain Christopher Pike in the 2009 Star Trek film and its sequel, Star Trek Into Darkness. He has appeared in several supporting roles, such as Hollywood Homicide, Double Jeopardy, Déjà Vu, I, Robot, Dinner for Schmucks, Capote, and as the motion capture alien dubbed \"Cooper\" in Super 8. He has also dabbled in voice acting, contributing to the Canadian animated series Class of the Titans as Chiron and the voice of Bruce Wayne/Batman in Batman: Under the Red Hood and Young Justice.
/m/04czhj	Disney Interactive Studios, Inc. is a Worldwide American video game company. It self-publishes and distributes multi-platform video games and interactive entertainment worldwide. Disney Interactive Studios is a subsidiary of Disney Interactive; thus a part of the The Walt Disney Company media conglomerate.\nMost of the games released by Disney Interactive Studios are typically tie-in products to existing character franchises.
/m/03f0fnk	Lewis Allan \"Lou\" Reed was an American musician, singer and songwriter. After serving as guitarist, vocalist, and principal songwriter of the Velvet Underground, his solo career spanned several decades.\nThe Velvet Underground was a commercial failure in the late 1960s, but the group gained a considerable cult following in the years since its demise and has gone on to become one of the most widely cited and influential bands of the era – hence Brian Eno's famous quote that while the Velvet Underground's debut album only sold 30,000 copies, \"everyone who bought one of those 30,000 copies started a band.\"\nAfter his departure from the group, Reed began a solo career in 1972. He had a hit the following year with \"Walk on the Wild Side\", but subsequently lacked the mainstream commercial success its chart status seemed to indicate. Reed was known for his distinctive deadpan voice, poetic lyrics and for pioneering and coining the term ostrich guitar tuning.\nIn 2003, Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time included two albums by Reed as a solo artist, Transformer and Berlin.
/m/01zlh5	Richard Wagstaff \"Dick\" Clark was an American radio and television personality, as well as a cultural icon who remains best known for hosting American Bandstand from 1957 to 1987. He also hosted the game show Pyramid and Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve, which transmitted Times Square's New Year's Eve celebrations. Clark was also well known for his trademark sign-off, \"For now, Dick Clark. So long!\", accompanied with a military salute.\nAs host of American Bandstand, Clark introduced rock & roll to many Americans. The show gave many new music artists their first exposure to national audiences, including Ike and Tina Turner, Smokey Robinson and the Miracles, Stevie Wonder, Talking Heads and Simon & Garfunkel. Episodes he hosted were among the first where blacks and whites performed on the same stage and among the first where the live studio audience sat without racial segregation. Singer Paul Anka claimed that Bandstand was responsible for creating a \"youth culture.\" Due to his perennial youthful appearance, Clark was often referred to as \"America's oldest teenager\".\nIn his capacity as a businessman, Clark served as Chief Executive Officer of Dick Clark Productions, part of which he sold off in his later years. He also founded the American Bandstand Diner, a restaurant chain modeled after the Hard Rock Cafe. In 1973, he created and produced the annual American Music Awards show, similar to the Grammy Awards.
/m/04y8r	Michael Kenneth Mann is an American film director, screenwriter, and producer. For his work, he has received nominations from international organizations and juries, including those at the British Academy of Film and Television Arts, Cannes and the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. His major films include Heat, The Insider, Collateral, Ali and The Last of the Mohicans.\nTotal Film ranked Mann No. 28 on their 100 The Greatest Directors Ever and Sight and Sound ranked him No. 5 on their list of the 10 Best Directors of the Last 25 Years, Entertainment Weekly ranked Mann No. 8 on their 25 Greatest Active Film Directors list.
/m/01nrz4	James Alan Hetfield is the main songwriter, co-founder, lead vocalist, rhythm guitarist and lyricist for the American heavy metal band Metallica. Hetfield is mainly known for his rhythm playing, but has also performed occasional lead guitar duties both in the studio and live.\nHetfield co-founded Metallica in October 1981 after answering a classified advertisement by drummer Lars Ulrich in the Los Angeles newspaper The Recycler. Metallica has won nine Grammy Awards and released nine studio albums, three live albums, four extended plays and 24 singles. In 2009, Hetfield was ranked number 8 in Joel McIver's book The 100 Greatest Metal Guitarists, and ranked 24th by Hit Parader on their list of the 100 Greatest Metal Vocalists of All Time. In Guitar World's poll, Hetfield was placed as the 19th greatest guitarist of all time. Rolling Stone placed Hetfield as the 87th greatest guitarist of all time.
/m/09g8vhw	Little Fockers is a 2010 comedy film written by John Hamburg and Larry Stuckey and directed by Paul Weitz.
/m/0k3jq	Hampshire County is a non-governmental county located in the U.S. state of Massachusetts. As of the 2010 census, the population was 158,080. Its most populous municipality is Amherst and its county seat is Northampton.\nHampshire County is part of the Springfield Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/0kc6x	ESPN is a U.S.-based global cable and satellite television channel, that is owned as a joint venture between The Walt Disney Company and Hearst Corporation. The channel focuses on sports-related programming including live and recorded event telecasts, sports talk shows, and other original programming.\nESPN broadcasts primarily from studios located in Bristol, Connecticut. The network also operates offices in Miami; New York City; Seattle; Charlotte; and Los Angeles. John Skipper is ESPN's current president, a position he has held since January 1, 2012. While ESPN is one of the most successful sports networks, it has been subject to criticism, which includes accusations of biased coverage, conflict of interest, and controversies with individual broadcasters and analysts.\nAs of August 2013, approximately 97,736,000 American households receive ESPN.
/m/01sbhvd	Paul Montgomery \"Pauly\" Shore is an American comedian and actor who starred in several comedy films in the 1990s and hosted a video show on MTV in the late 1980s and early 1990s. Shore is still performing stand-up comedy and toured in 2012.
/m/01dwrc	The Black Eyed Peas are an American hip hop group, consisting of rappers will.i.am, apl.de.ap, Taboo, and singer Fergie. Originally an alternative hip hop group, they subsequently added R&B, pop and EDM/dance influences. Although the group was founded in Los Angeles in 1995, it was not until the release of their third album Elephunk in 2003 that they found widespread acclaim and achieved high record sales. Since that time, the group has sold an estimated 56 million records worldwide. According to Nielsen SoundScan, the Black Eyed Peas were the second-best-selling artist/group of all time for downloaded tracks, with over 42 million sales as of the end of 2011.\nTheir first major hit was the 2003 single \"Where Is the Love?\" from Elephunk, which topped the charts in 13 countries, including the United Kingdom, where it spent seven weeks at number one and went on to become Britain's biggest selling single of 2003. Another European hit single from the album was \"Shut Up\". Their fourth album, Monkey Business, was an even bigger worldwide success, certified 4× Platinum in the U.S., and spawning four singles, \"Don't Phunk with My Heart\", \"Don't Lie\", \"My Humps\" and \"Pump It\". In 2009, the group became one of only 11 artists to have simultaneously held the No. 1 and No. 2 spots on the Billboard Hot 100, with their singles \"Boom Boom Pow\" and \"I Gotta Feeling\", which topped the chart for an unprecedented 26 consecutive weeks. This album The E.N.D. later produced a third Hot 100 number-one placement with \"Imma Be\", making the group one of few to ever place three number one singles on the chart from the same album, before being followed with \"Rock That Body\" and \"Meet Me Halfway\", which peaked in the Top 10 of the Hot 100. \"I Gotta Feeling\" became the first single to sell more than one million downloads in the United Kingdom.
/m/02847m9	Shine a Light is a 2008 documentary film directed by Martin Scorsese documenting The Rolling Stones' 2006 Beacon Theatre performance on their A Bigger Bang Tour. The Scorsese film also includes archive footage from the band's career and marked the first utilisation by Scorsese of digital cinematography for his films with it being used for the backstage sequences. The film takes its title from the song of the same name, featured on the band's 1972 album Exile on Main St. A soundtrack album was released in April 2008 on the Universal label. This is also the last movie by Paramount Classics, as the company would fold up and merge into its sister company Paramount Vantage after the movie was released.
/m/02tvsn	The French Invasion of Russia or the Patriotic War of 1812 began on 24 June 1812 when Napoleon's Grande Armée crossed the Neman River in an attempt to engage and defeat the Russian army. Napoleon hoped to compel Tsar Alexander I of Russia to cease trading with British merchants through proxies in an effort to pressure the United Kingdom to sue for peace. The official political aim of the campaign was to liberate Poland from the threat of Russia. Napoleon named the campaign the Second Polish War to curry favor with the Poles and provide a political pretense for his actions.\nThe Grande Armée was a very large force, numbering approximately half a million men from several different nations. Through a series of long marches Napoleon pushed the army rapidly through Western Russia in an attempt to bring the Russian army to battle, winning a number of minor engagements and a major battle at Smolensk in August. Napoleon hoped the battle would mean an end of the march into Russia, but the Russian army slipped away from the engagement and continued to retreat into Russia, while leaving Smolensk to burn. Plans Napoleon had made to quarter at Smolensk were abandoned, and he pressed his army on after the Russians.
/m/0dzlbx	Iron Man is a 2008 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name, produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is the first installment in the Marvel Cinematic Universe and the Iron Man film series. Directed by Jon Favreau and written by Mark Fergus and Hawk Ostby, Art Marcum and Matt Holloway, the film stars Robert Downey, Jr., Terrence Howard, Jeff Bridges, Shaun Toub and Gwyneth Paltrow. The film sees Tony Stark, an industrialist and master engineer, build a powered exoskeleton and becomes the technologically advanced superhero Iron Man.\nThe film had been in development since 1990 at Universal Pictures, 20th Century Fox, and New Line Cinema, before Marvel Studios reacquired the rights in 2006. Marvel put the project in production as its first self-financed film, with Paramount Pictures as its distributor. Favreau signed on as director, aiming for a naturalistic feel, and he chose to shoot the film primarily in California, rejecting the East Coast setting of the comics to differentiate the film from numerous superhero films set in New York City-esque environments. During filming, the actors were free to create their own dialogue because pre-production was focused on the story and action. Rubber and metal versions of the armors, created by Stan Winston's company, were mixed with computer-generated imagery to create the title character. Hasbro and Sega sold merchandise, and product placement deals were made with Audi, Burger King, LG and 7-Eleven.
/m/03rqww	Joseph Caleb Deschanel, A.S.C. is an American film cinematographer and film/television director. He has been nominated for the Academy Award for Best Cinematography five times. He is currently a member of the National Film Preservation Board of the Library of Congress, representing the American Society of Cinematographers.
/m/01x1fq	Angelo Badalamenti is an American composer, best known for his work scoring films for director David Lynch, notably Blue Velvet, the Twin Peaks saga and Mulholland Drive. He received the Lifetime Achievement Award at the World Soundtrack Awards in 2008.
/m/01lxd4	Avant-garde jazz is a style of music and improvisation that combines avant-garde art music and composition with jazz. Avant-jazz often sounds very similar to free jazz, but differs in that, despite its distinct departure from traditional harmony, it has a predetermined structure over which improvisation may take place. This structure may be composed note for note in advance, partially or even completely.
/m/03q8xj	The Motorcycle Diaries is a 2004 biopic about the journey and written memoir of the 23-year-old Ernesto Guevara, who would several years later become internationally known as the iconic Marxist guerrilla commander and revolutionary Che Guevara. The film recounts the 1952 expedition, initially by motorcycle, across South America by Guevara and his friend Alberto Granado. As the adventure, initially centered around youthful hedonism, unfolds, Guevara discovers himself transformed by his observations on the life of the impoverished indigenous peasantry. Through the characters they encounter on their continental trek, Guevara and Granado witness firsthand the injustices that the destitute face and are exposed to people and social classes they would have never encountered otherwise. To their surprise, the road presents to them both a genuine and captivating picture of Latin American identity. As a result, the trip also plants the initial seed of cognitive dissonance and radicalization within Guevara, who ostensibly would later view armed revolution as a way to challenge the continent's endemic economic inequalities.\nThe screenplay is based primarily on Guevara's travelogue of the same name, with additional context supplied by Traveling with Che Guevara: The Making of a Revolutionary by Alberto Granado. Guevara is played by Mexican actor Gael García Bernal, and Granado by the Argentine actor Rodrigo de la Serna, who coincidentally is a second cousin to the real life Guevara on his maternal side. Directed by Brazilian director Walter Salles and written by Puerto Rican playwright José Rivera, the film was an international co-production among production companies from Argentina, the United States, Germany, the United Kingdom, Chile, Peru and France. The film's executive producers were Robert Redford, Paul Webster, and Rebecca Yeldham; the producers were Edgard Tenenbaum, Michael Nozik, and Karen Tenkoff; and the co-producers were Daniel Burman and Diego Dubcovsky.
/m/06ns98	David Robb is a Scottish actor.\nRobb has starred in various British films and television shows, including films such as Swing Kids and Hellbound. He is well known for playing Germanicus in the famous 1976 BBC production of I, Claudius and as Robin Grant, one of the principal character in Thames Television's 1981 series The Flame Trees of Thika. He has also performed as a voice actor for several Star Wars video games and had a recurring role in the fantasy television series Highlander: The Series. He has worked extensively on BBC radio drama including as Charles in the original radio series of Up the Garden Path opposite Imelda Staunton, as Captain Jack Aubrey in the BBC Radio 4 adaptations of the Patrick O'Brian \"Aubrey\" novels and as Richard Hannay in several adaptations of the John Buchan novels, including Mr Standfast in 2007. He plays Dr Clarkson in the television drama series Downton Abbey.\nRobb was born in London, brought up in Edinburgh and educated at the Royal High School. Beginning in 2004 he and his wife, actress and activist Briony McRoberts, ran every year in the Edinburgh Marathon to raise money for leukaemia research. McRoberts died on 17 July 2013.
/m/05vsb7	The 2005 NFL Draft was the procedure by which National Football League teams selected amateur college football players. It is officially known as the NFL Annual Player Selection Meeting. The draft was held April 23–24, 2005. The league also held an supplemental draft that year, which was held after the regular draft but before the regular season. The draft took place at the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center in New York City, New York and was televised for the 26th consecutive year on ESPN and ESPN2. The NFL Draft had been held at Madison Square Garden since 1995, but was moved to the Javits Center in 2005. The draft featured the San Francisco 49ers selecting first overall Alex Smith from the University of Utah. Also 4 Auburn University players were drafted in the first round. Thirty-two compensatory selections were distributed amongst fourteen teams, with the Philadelphia Eagles and the St. Louis Rams garnering the most with four picks each. Three of the first five picks were running backs, an NFL Draft first. The 255 players chosen in the draft were composed of:
/m/0nvrd	DuPage County is a county located in the U.S. state of Illinois. Its county seat is the city of Wheaton. DuPage is one of the five collar counties and is part of the Chicago metropolitan area. According to the 2010 census, it has a population of 916,924, which is an increase of 1.4% from 904,161 in 2000. It is the second most populous county in Illinois after Cook County, which borders it to the north and east; the two counties account for half of the state's population. The county is divided into nine different townships: Addison, Bloomingdale, Downers Grove, Lisle, Milton, Naperville, Wayne, Winfield and York. The majority of DuPage County is in the 630 and 331 area codes. However, the areas of the county that are in the city of Chicago are in area code 773, primarily part of O'Hare International Airport.\nLong known as one of the nation's wealthiest counties, DuPage County has transformed itself from a primarily agricultural economy to one rich in many different types of commerce. Today, DuPage County has the highest per capita income in the state. DuPage County's per capita income is also the highest in the Midwest. Nineteen of the county's towns have average household incomes of over $100,000.
/m/02b15h	Doncaster Rovers Football Club is an English football club based in Doncaster, South Yorkshire. On 27 April 2013 they became Champions of Football League One, gaining promotion to the Football League Championship, the second tier of the English football league system.\nThe club was founded in 1879 and turned professional in 1885. Doncaster have spent the majority of their playing history between the third and fourth tiers of the English football league system and are one of four clubs to win the Division 3/League Two title three times.\nThe club's colours have traditionally been red and white. Their home strip is red and white hoops which has been the main design of the club's home shirt since 2001.\nThe associated Doncaster Rovers Belles L.F.C. are one of the most successful women's clubs in English football.\nFollowing promotion in 2012–13, manager Brian Flynn moved to become director of football at the club, with Paul Dickov becoming manager a few weeks later.
/m/090s_0	Gulliver's Travels is a U.S. TV miniseries based on Jonathan Swift's novel of the same name, produced by Jim Henson Productions and Hallmark Entertainment. This miniseries is notable for being one of the very few adaptations of Swift's novel to feature all four voyages. The miniseries aired in the United Kingdom on Channel 4, and in the USA on NBC in February 1996. The miniseries stars Ted Danson, Mary Steenburgen, Peter O'Toole, John Gielgud, Omar Sharif, Shashi Kapoor, Warwick Davis, Kristin Scott Thomas, Alfre Woodard, Kate Maberly, Tom Sturridge, Richard Wilson and Nicholas Lyndhurst. It was shot in England and Portugal.\nThe series won 5 Emmy Awards including in the Outstanding Miniseries category.
/m/0djvzd	Delroy Michael Facey is a British-Grenadian professional footballer who plays for Albion Sports. Facey is a journeyman, having previously played for Huddersfield Town, Bolton Wanderers, Bradford City, Burnley, West Bromwich Albion, Hull City, Oldham Athletic, Tranmere Rovers, Rotherham United, Gillingham, Wycombe Wanderers, Notts County, Lincoln City and Hereford United
/m/0mvn6	Spartanburg County is a county located in the State of South Carolina. As of the 2010 census, the population was 284,307. Its county seat is Spartanburg. The county comprises the Spartanburg, South Carolina, Metropolitan Statistical Area. The USS Spartanburg County is named after the county.
/m/01vs8ng	Minami Takayama is a popular Japanese singer and voice actress. Minami is also a member of the pop group Two-Mix, and a part of DoCo when it was active.\nShe is best known for her roles in Kiki's Delivery Service as both Kiki and Ursula, Ranma ½ as Nabiki Tendo, Moomin as Moomin, Yaiba as Yaiba Kurogane, Nintama Rantarō as Rantarō Inadera, and Detective Conan as Conan Edogawa. Minami and Shiina Nagano, the other member of Two-Mix, also appeared as themselves in a case in her former husband's manga, Detective Conan.
/m/0b73_1d	True Grit is a 2010 American western directed, written, produced and edited by the Coen brothers and is the second adaptation of Charles Portis' 1968 novel of the same name, which was previously filmed in 1969 starring John Wayne. This version stars Hailee Steinfeld as Mattie Ross and Jeff Bridges as U. S. Marshal Reuben J. \"Rooster\" Cogburn, along with Matt Damon, Josh Brolin, and Barry Pepper.\nFilming began in March 2010, and True Grit was officially released in the U. S. on December 22, 2010. The film opened the 61st Berlin International Film Festival on February 10, 2011. It was nominated for ten Academy Awards: Best Picture, Best Director, Best Adapted Screenplay, Best Actor in a Leading Role, Best Actress in a Supporting Role, Best Art Direction, Best Cinematography, Best Costume Design, Best Sound Mixing, and Best Sound Editing. The film was released on Blu-ray and DVD on June 7, 2011.
/m/0fhzy	Zagreb is the capital and the largest city of the Republic of Croatia. It is located in the northwest of the country, along the Sava river, at the southern slopes of the Medvednica mountain. Zagreb lies at an elevation of approximately 122 m above sea level. In the last official census of 2011 the population of the City of Zagreb was 790,017. The wider Zagreb metropolitan area includes the City of Zagreb and the separate Zagreb County bringing the total metropolitan area population up to 1,107,623. It is the only metropolitan area in Croatia with a population of over one million.\nZagreb is a city with a rich history dating from the Roman times to the present day. The oldest settlement in the urban area of the city is Andautonia, a Roman settlement in the place of today's Ščitarjevo. The name \"Zagreb\" is mentioned for the first time in 1094 at the founding of the Zagreb diocese of Kaptol, and Zagreb became a free royal town in 1242, whereas the origin of the name still remains a mystery in spite of several theories. In 1851 Zagreb had its first mayor, Janko Kamauf, and in 1945 it was made the capital of Croatia when the demographic boom and the urban sprawl made the city it's known nowadays.
/m/050z2	Michael Gordon \"Mike\" Oldfield is an English musician and composer whose work blends progressive rock with world, folk, classical, electronic, ambient, New Age. It is often elaborate and complex in nature. He is best known for his 1973 album Tubular Bells – which launched Virgin Records and became a hit after its opening was used as the theme for the film The Exorcist – and for his 1983 hit single \"Moonlight Shadow\". He is also known for his hit rendition of the Christmas piece \"In Dulci Jubilo\".
/m/03z9585	The Tourist is a 2010 romantic comedy thriller co-written and directed by Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck, starring Angelina Jolie and Johnny Depp. It is based on the screenplay for Anthony Zimmer. GK Films financed and produced the film, with Sony Pictures Worldwide Acquisitions releasing it in most countries through Columbia Pictures. The $100 million-budgeted film went on to gross $278 million at the worldwide box office.\nDespite the negative reception from the critics, the film was nominated for three Golden Globes, with a debate arising over the question as to whether it was a comedy or a drama. Henckel von Donnersmarck repeatedly stated it was neither genre, calling it \"a travel romance with thriller elements\", but that if he had to choose between the two, he would choose comedy.
/m/02b15x	Kidderminster Harriers Football Club is an English football club based in Kidderminster, Worcestershire. The club participates in the Conference Premier, the fifth tier of English football.\nFormed in 1886, Kidderminster have played at Aggborough Stadium since they were formed. They are the only club from Worcestershire ever to have played in the Football League, competing from 2000 to 2005. In their most recent season, they finished runners-up in the Conference, 2 points behind Mansfield Town.
/m/02t7t	Evangelicalism is a world-wide Protestant movement maintaining that the essence of the Christian Gospel consists in the doctrine of salvation by faith in Christ's atonement. The movement gained great momentum in the 18th and 19th centuries with the emergence of Methodism and the Great Awakenings in the British Isles and North America. Pietism, Nicolaus Zinzendorf and the Moravian Church, Presbyterianism and Puritanism have influenced Evangelicalism.\nInfluential leaders in the English-speaking world have included John Wesley, George Whitefield and Jonathan Edwards. The United States has the largest concentration of Evangelicals by country, with roughly a quarter of the world's Evangelicals. Many Evangelicals now live outside the English-speaking world and over 42 million live in Brazil alone. The movement continues to draw adherents globally in the 21st century, especially in the developing world.
/m/089pg7	Panic! at the Disco is an American rock band from Las Vegas, Nevada, formed in 2004. Since its inception, the band's line-up has included Brendon Urie and Spencer Smith, and currently includes bass guitarist Dallon Weekes. During live performances the band is joined by touring guitarist Kenneth Harris.\nFounded by childhood friends, Ryan Ross, Spencer Smith, Brent Wilson and Brendon Urie, Panic! at the Disco recorded its first demos while its members were all in high school. Shortly after, the band recorded and released its debut studio album, A Fever You Can't Sweat Out. Made known by the top ten lead single, \"I Write Sins Not Tragedies\", the album eventually was certified double platinum in the US. In 2006, founding bassist Brent Wilson was fired from the band during an extensive world tour, and subsequently replaced by Jon Walker.\nInfluenced by 1960s rock bands, The Beatles, The Zombies and The Beach Boys, and preceded by the hit single, \"Nine in the Afternoon\", the band's second studio album, Pretty. Odd., marked a significant departure from the sound of the band's debut, and ultimately led to the departure of guitarist and principal songwriter Ryan Ross and bassist Jon Walker, who favored the band's new direction. The duo subsequently formed a new band, The Young Veins, leaving Brendon Urie and Spencer Smith as the sole remaining members of the band.
/m/0nm8n	Hancock County is a county located in the U.S. state of Maine. As of 2010, the population was 54,418. Its county seat is Ellsworth. It was incorporated on June 25, 1789. Hancock County was named for John Hancock, the first governor of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. The Commissioners are Antonio Blasi, Steven Joy, Percy Brown.
/m/0n1xp	Portage County is a county located in the U.S. state of Ohio. According to the 2010 census, it has a population of 161,419, which is an increase of 6.2% from 152,061 in 2000. Its county seat is Ravenna. Portage County is named for the portage between the Cuyahoga and Tuscarawas Rivers. Portage County is part of the Akron Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/02m__	Exeter is a historic city in Devon, England. It lies within the ceremonial county of Devon, of which it is the county town as well as the home of Devon County Council. Currently the administrative area has the status of a non-metropolitan district, and is therefore under the administration of the County Council. The city is on the River Exe, about 37 miles northeast of Plymouth, and 70 miles southwest of Bristol. According to the 2011 Census, its population in that year was 117,773.\nExeter was the most south-westerly Roman fortified settlement in Britain. Exeter Cathedral, founded in the early 12th century, became Anglican at the time of the 16th-century Reformation.\nThe city's transport hubs include Exeter St Davids railway station, Exeter Central railway station, the M5 motorway and Exeter International Airport connecting the city both nationally and internationally.
/m/04g2mkf	Alliance Films was a major Canadian motion picture distribution/production company, which had served Canada, the United Kingdom, and Spain. It is part of the Entertainment One group and has been folded into eOne due to the January 9, 2013 acquisition. It was one of the major motion picture distribution/production companies to distribute independent films outside the United States.
/m/02qsfzv	The Genie Award for Best Achievement in Costume Design is awarded by the Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television to the best Canadian costume designer.
/m/01zfrt	Bolton is a town in Greater Manchester, in the North West of England. Close to the West Pennine Moors, it is 10 miles north west of the city of Manchester. Bolton is surrounded by several smaller towns and villages which together form the Metropolitan Borough of Bolton, of which Bolton is the administrative centre. The town of Bolton has a population of 139,403, whilst the wider metropolitan borough has a population of 262,400.\nHistorically a part of Lancashire, Bolton originated as a small settlement in the moorland known as Bolton le Moors. During the English Civil War the town was a Parliamentarian outpost in a staunchly Royalist region, and as a result Bolton was stormed by 3,000 Royalist troops led by Prince Rupert of the Rhine in 1644. In what became known as the Bolton Massacre, 1,600 residents were killed and 700 were taken prisoner.\nNoted as a former mill town, Bolton has been a production centre for textiles since Flemish weavers settled in the area during the 15th century, developing a wool and cotton weaving tradition. The urbanisation and development of Bolton largely coincided with the introduction of textile manufacture during the Industrial Revolution. It was a boomtown of the 19th century and at its zenith, in 1929, its 216 cotton mills and 26 bleaching and dyeing works made it one of the largest and most productive centres of cotton spinning in the world. The British cotton industry declined sharply after the First World War, and by the 1980s cotton manufacture had virtually ceased in Bolton.
/m/0cb1ky	Farida Tabrez Barmavar née Jalal is an Indian actress.
/m/01s3v	Cardiff is the capital and largest city in Wales and the ninth largest city in the United Kingdom. The city is the country's chief commercial centre, the base for most national cultural and sporting institutions, the Welsh national media, and the seat of the National Assembly for Wales. The unitary authority area's mid-2011 population was estimated to be 346,100, while the population of the Larger Urban Zone was estimated at 861,400 in 2009. Cardiff is a significant tourist centre and the most popular visitor destination in Wales with 18.3 million visitors in 2010. In 2011, Cardiff was ranked sixth in the world in National Geographic's alternative tourist destinations.\nThe city of Cardiff is the county town of the historic county of Glamorgan. Cardiff is part of the Eurocities network of the largest European cities. The Cardiff Urban Area covers a slightly larger area outside the county boundary, and includes the towns of Dinas Powys and Penarth. A small town until the early 19th century, its prominence as a major port for the transport of coal following the arrival of industry in the region contributed to its rise as a major city.
/m/03f70xs	William Blake was an English poet, painter and printmaker. Largely unrecognised during his lifetime, Blake is now considered a seminal figure in the history of the poetry and visual arts of the Romantic Age. His prophetic poetry has been said to form \"what is in proportion to its merits the least read body of poetry in the English language\". His visual artistry led one contemporary art critic to proclaim him \"far and away the greatest artist Britain has ever produced\". In 2002, Blake was placed at number 38 in the BBC's poll of the 100 Greatest Britons. Although he lived in London his entire life, he produced a diverse and symbolically rich corpus, which embraced the imagination as \"the body of God\" or \"human existence itself\".\nConsidered mad by contemporaries for his idiosyncratic views, Blake is held in high regard by later critics for his expressiveness and creativity, and for the philosophical and mystical undercurrents within his work. His paintings and poetry have been characterised as part of the Romantic movement and \"Pre-Romantic\", for its large appearance in the 18th century. Reverent of the Bible but hostile to the Church of England, Blake was influenced by the ideals and ambitions of the French and American Revolutions. Though later he rejected many of these political beliefs, he maintained an amiable relationship with the political activist Thomas Paine; he was also influenced by thinkers such as Emanuel Swedenborg. Despite these known influences, the singularity of Blake's work makes him difficult to classify. The 19th-century scholar William Rossetti characterised him as a \"glorious luminary\", and \"a man not forestalled by predecessors, nor to be classed with contemporaries, nor to be replaced by known or readily surmisable successors\".
/m/03gjzk	The primary role of a television producer is to oversee all aspects of video production. Some producers take more of an executive role, in that they conceive new programs and pitch them to the television networks, but upon acceptance they focus on business matters, such as budgets and contracts. Other producers are more involved with the day-to-day workings, participating in activities such as screenwriting, set design, casting, and even directing.\nThere are a variety of different producers on a television show. A traditional producer is one who manages a show's budget and maintains a schedule, but this is no longer the case in modern television. Currently, the producer and writer are usually the same person.
/m/02q3n9c	Wellington Phoenix FC is a professional soccer club based in Wellington, New Zealand. The Phoenix compete in the Australian A-League. The club is notable for competing in a league of a different confederation than that of the country where it is based. Ernie Merrick is the head coach following the resignation of founding coach Ricki Herbert late in the 2012–13 season. Andrew Durante has been the club captain since the 2008-09 season. The club's highest achievement is reaching the A-League Preliminary Final in 2010. The Phoenix play their home games at the Westpac Stadium, which is colloquially known by Phoenix fans as \"The Ring of Fire\".
/m/017lvd	The University of Tokyo, abbreviated as Todai, is a research university located in Bunkyo, Tokyo, Japan. The University has 10 faculties with a total of around 30,000 students, 2,100 of whom are foreign. Its five campuses are in Hongō, Komaba, Kashiwa, Shirokane and Nakano. It is the first of Japan's National Seven Universities, and is considered the most prestigious university in Japan. It ranks as the highest in Asia and 21st in the world according to the Academic Ranking of World Universities 2013.
/m/01ngxm	Harrogate is a spa town in North Yorkshire, England. Historically in the West Riding of Yorkshire, the town is a tourist destination and its visitor attractions include its spa waters and RHS Harlow Carr gardens. Nearby is the Yorkshire Dales national park. Harrogate grew out of two existing smaller settlements, High Harrogate and Low Harrogate, in the 17th century.\nHarrogate spa water contains iron, sulphur and common salt. The town became known as 'The English Spa' in the Georgian Era, after its waters were discovered in the 16th century. In the 17th and 18th centuries the 'chalybeate' waters were a popular health treatment, and the influx of wealthy but sickly visitors contributed significantly to the wealth of the town.\nHarrogate railway station and Harrogate bus station in the town centre provide transport connections. Leeds Bradford International Airport is 10 miles south-west of Harrogate. The main road through the town is the A61, connecting Harrogate to Leeds and Ripon. Harrogate is connected to Wetherby and the A1, by the A661. The town of Harrogate had a population of 71,594 at the 2001 UK census; the urban area comprising Harrogate and nearby Knaresborough had a population of 85,128, while the figure for the much wider Borough of Harrogate, comprising Harrogate, Knaresborough, Ripon and a large rural area, was 151,339.
/m/04l59s	The Springfield Falcons are an ice hockey team in the American Hockey League. They play in Springfield, Massachusetts, at the MassMutual Center and are the top affiliate of the Columbus Blue Jackets of the National Hockey League. The Falcons' two main rivals are the Hartford Wolf Pack and the Providence Bruins.
/m/0p7qm	The Sand Pebbles is a 1966 American period war film directed by Robert Wise. It tells the story of an independent, rebellious U.S. Navy Machinist's Mate, First Class aboard the fictional gunboat USS San Pablo in 1920s China.\nThe film features Steve McQueen, Richard Attenborough, Richard Crenna, Candice Bergen, Mako, Simon Oakland, Larry Gates, and Marayat Andriane. Robert Anderson adapted the screenplay from the 1962 novel of the same name by Richard McKenna.
/m/01v3ht	The University of Wales is a confederal university based in Cardiff, Wales, UK.\nIt is currently in the process of merging with Swansea Metropolitan University and University of Wales: Trinity Saint David to form a new institution which will be known as University of Wales: Trinity Saint David.\nFounded in 1893 as a federal university, it accredited institutions throughout Wales, and validated courses at institutions in Britain and abroad, with over 100,000 students. Its external validation operations are being wound down prior to the proposed merger with the University of Wales: Trinity St David, which will take over some of its operations under a different academic model.
/m/05qdh	Painting is the practice of applying paint, pigment, color or other medium to a surface. The medium is commonly applied to the base with a brush but other implements, such as knives, sponges, and airbrushes, can be used. Paintings may have for their support such surfaces as walls, paper, canvas, wood, glass, lacquer, clay, leaf, copper or concrete, and may incorporate multiple other materials including sand, clay, paper, gold leaf as well as objects.\nIn art, the term painting describes both the act and the result of the action. However, the term is also used outside of art as a common trade among craftsmen and builders.\nPainting is a mode of creative expression, and the forms are numerous. Drawing, composition or abstraction and other aesthetics may serve to manifest the expressive and conceptual intention of the practitioner. Paintings can be naturalistic and representational, photographic, abstract, be loaded with narrative content, symbolism, emotion or be political in nature.\nA portion of the history of painting in both Eastern and Western art is dominated by spiritual motifs and ideas; examples of this kind of painting range from artwork depicting mythological figures on pottery to Biblical scenes rendered on the interior walls and ceiling of The Sistine Chapel, to scenes from the life of Buddha or other images of eastern religious origin.
/m/064q5v	Why We Fight, directed by Eugene Jarecki, is a 2005 documentary film about the military–industrial complex. The title refers to the World War II-era eponymous propaganda movies commissioned by the U.S. Government to justify their decision to enter the war against the Axis Powers.\nWhy We Fight was first screened at the 2005 Sundance Film Festival on 17 January 2005, exactly forty-four years after President Dwight D. Eisenhower's farewell address. Although it won the Grand Jury Prize for Documentary, it received a limited public cinema release on 22 January 2006, and then was released on DVD on 27 June 2006, by Sony Pictures Home Entertainment. The documentary also won one of the 2006 Grimme Awards in the competition \"Information & Culture\"; the prize is one of Germany's most prestigious for television productions.
/m/0fpj9pm	Benjamin \"Ben\" Gibbard is an American singer, songwriter and guitarist. He is best known as the lead vocalist and guitarist of the indie rock band Death Cab for Cutie, with whom he has recorded seven studio albums, and as one half of the electronica duo The Postal Service. Gibbard released his debut solo album, Former Lives, in 2012, and a collaborative studio album, One Fast Move or I'm Gone, with Uncle Tupelo and Son Volt's Jay Farrar.\nWhile performing guitar in the band Pinwheel, Gibbard recorded a demo cassette under the moniker Death Cab for Cutie, entitled You Can Play These Songs with Chords. After receiving a positive response to the material, Gibbard expanded the project into a full band, with the addition of Chris Walla, Nick Harmer and Nathan Good. The following year, the band released its debut album, Something About Airplanes, on Barsuk Records, and released its follow-up, We Have the Facts and We're Voting Yes, in 2000.\nGibbard scored the forthcoming film, Laggies.
/m/02xnjd	Avi Arad is a film and television producer.
/m/059t6d	Aidan Gillen is an Irish stage and screen actor. He is best known for his roles as Stuart Alan Jones in the Channel 4 series, Queer as Folk, John Boy in the Irish crime drama, Love/Hate, Petyr 'Littlefinger' Baelish in HBO's series, Game of Thrones and Tommy Carcetti in the HBO drama The Wire. He is the current host of Other Voices. He has been nominated for the British Academy Television Award, the British Independent Film Award and a Tony Award, and has won two Irish Film & Television Awards.
/m/0fxz4	Montgomery County is a county located in the state of Ohio, United States. According to the 2010 census, it has a population of 535,153, which is a decrease of 4.3% from 559,062 in 2000. It was named in honor of Richard Montgomery, an American Revolutionary War general killed in 1775 while attempting to capture Quebec City, Canada. The county seat is Dayton. Montgomery County is the fifth most populous county in Ohio.\nThe county is part of the Dayton Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/014wxc	The Hawaiian Islands are an archipelago of eight major islands, several atolls, numerous smaller islets, and undersea seamounts in the North Pacific Ocean, extending some 1,500 miles from the island of Hawaiʻi in the south to northernmost Kure Atoll. Once known as the \"Sandwich Islands\", the name chosen by James Cook in honour of the then First Lord of the Admiralty John Montagu, 4th Earl of Sandwich, the archipelago now takes its name from the largest island in the cluster. The United States state of Hawaii occupies the archipelago almost in its entirety, with the sole exception of Midway island, which is instead an unincorporated territory within the United States Minor Outlying Islands.\nThe Hawaiian Islands are the exposed peaks of a great undersea mountain range known as the Hawaiian-Emperor seamount chain, formed by volcanic activity over a hotspot in the Earth's mantle. The islands are about 1,860 miles from the nearest continent.
/m/09f5vv	The Airports Authority of India under the Ministry of Civil Aviation is responsible for creating, upgrading, maintaining and managing civil aviation infrastructure in India. It provides Air traffic management services over Indian airspace and adjoining oceanic areas. It also manages a total of 125 Airports, including 11 International Airports, 8 Customs Airports, 81 Domestic Airports and 25 Civil enclaves at Military Airfields. AAI also has ground installations at all airports and 25 other locations to ensure safety of aircraft operations. AAI covers all major air-routes over Indian landmass via 29 Radar installations at 11 locations along with 89 VOR/DVOR installations co-located with Distance Measuring Equipment. 52 runways are provided with Instrument landing system installations with Night Landing Facilities at most of these airports and Automatic Message Switching System at 15 Airports.\nAAI's implementation of Automatic Dependence Surveillance System, using indigenous technology, at Kolkata and Chennai Air Traffic Control Centres, made India the first country to use this technology in the South East Asian region thus enabling Air Traffic Control over oceanic areas using satellite mode of communication. Performance Based Navigation procedures have already been implemented at Mumbai, Delhi and Ahmedabad Airports and are likely to be implemented at other Airports in a phased manner. AAI is implementing the GAGAN project in technological collaboration with the Indian Space Research Organization, where the satellite based system will be used for navigation. The navigation signals thus received from the GPS will be augmented to achieve the navigational requirement of aircraft. First phase of technology demonstration system was completed in February 2008.
/m/02qlg7s	Humberto Gatica is a Chilean-born American record producer, music mixer, audio engineer and a long-time collaborator with producer David Foster.
/m/09qvms	The 12th Annual Screen Actors Guild Awards ceremony, honoring the best in film and television acting achievement for the year 2005, took place on January 29, 2006 at the Los Angeles Shrine Exposition Center, in Los Angeles, California. It was the 10th consecutive year the ceremony was held at the Center. The event was televised live by both TNT and TBS. It was the first ever year TBS televised the ceremony, while it was the 9th consecutive year that TNT had aired it.\nAmong the contenders for the film awards Brokeback Mountain received the highest number of nominations with four. Capote and Crash received the second highest number with three each. No film however received more than one award. In the television categories the mini-series Empire Falls and the spin-off series Boston Legal led the nominees with four nominations each. Desperate Housewives was the only series which won more than one award, two in total.\nThe Screen Actors Guild Life Achievement Award was presented to the former child actress Shirley Temple Black.
/m/0n59t	Somerset County is a county located in the U.S. state of New Jersey. As of the 2010 United States Census, the county's population was 323,444, increasing by 25,954 from the 297,490 counted in the 2000 Census, retaining its position as the state's 13th-most populous county. It is part of the New York Metropolitan Area. Its county seat is Somerville. The most populous place was Franklin Township, with 62,300 residents at the time of the 2010 Census, while Hillsborough Township, covered 55.00 square miles, the largest total area of any municipality.\nSomerset County, as of the 2000 Census, was the seventh-wealthiest county in the United States by median household income at $76,933, fourth in median family income at $90,655 and ranked seventh by per capita income at $37,970. The Bureau of Economic Analysis ranked the county as having the 11th-highest per capita income of all 3,113 counties in the United States as of 2009.\nSomerset County was created on May 14, 1688, from portions of Middlesex County.
/m/02vk52z	The World Bank is a United Nations international financial institution that provides loans to developing countries for capital programs. The World Bank is a component of the World Bank Group, and a member of the United Nations Development Group.\nThe World Bank's official goal is the reduction of poverty. According to its Articles of Agreement, all its decisions must be guided by a commitment to the promotion of foreign investment and international trade and to the facilitation of capital investment.
/m/09cm54	The New York Film Critics Circle Award for Best Actor is one of the awards given by the New York Film Critics Circle to honor the finest achievements in filmmaking.\nIn the last two decades, the Circle agreed with the Oscars on 7 occasions: 1995 Nicolas Cage for Leaving Las Vegas, 1996 Geoffrey Rush for Shine, 2006 Forest Whitaker for The Last King of Scotland, 2007 Daniel Day-Lewis for There Will Be Blood, 2008 Sean Penn for Milk, 2010 Colin Firth for The King's Speech, and 2012 Daniel Day-Lewis for Lincoln .
/m/0n22z	Lucas County is a county located in the state of Ohio, United States. According to the 2010 census, it has a population of 441,815, which is a decrease of 2.9% from 455,054 in 2000. Its county seat is Toledo. Lucas County was named for Robert Lucas, 12th governor of Ohio, in 1835 during his second term. Its establishment provoked the Toledo War conflict with the Michigan Territory.\nLucas County is part of the Toledo Metropolitan Area.
/m/03y3bp7	The Cleveland Show is an American adult animated sitcom created by Seth MacFarlane, Mike Henry, and Richard Appel for the Fox Broadcasting Company as a spin-off of Family Guy. The series centers on the Browns and Tubbs, two dysfunctional families consisting of parents Cleveland Brown and Donna Tubbs and their children Cleveland Brown, Jr., Roberta Tubbs, and Rallo Tubbs. Similarly to Family Guy, it exhibits much of its humor in the form of cutaway gags that often lampoon American culture.\nThe series was conceived by MacFarlane in 2007 after developing the two animated series Family Guy and American Dad! for the Fox network. MacFarlane centered the show on Family Guy character Cleveland Brown, his new wife Donna Tubbs, his step-children Rallo and Roberta Tubbs, and his son Cleveland, Jr., who, in the show, is depicted as an obese, soft-spoken teen, as opposed to his depiction as a younger, hyperactive child with average body weight on Family Guy.\nThe series originally ran from September 27, 2009, to May 19, 2013, for a total of four seasons and 88 episodes. The Cleveland Show has been nominated for one Annie Award, one Primetime Emmy Award, and two Teen Choice Awards. It has mainly received mixed reviews from media critics. The Cleveland Show holds a TV-14 rating.
/m/0kv7k	Lake County is a county located in the north central portion of the U.S. state of California, north of the San Francisco Bay Area. It takes its name from Clear Lake, the dominant geographic feature in the county and the largest natural lake wholly within California. As of the 2010 census, the population was 64,665, up from 58,309 at the 2000 census. The county seat is Lakeport.
/m/0bby9p5	Soul Surfer is a 2011 American biopic drama film directed by Sean McNamara. It is a film adaptation of the 2004 autobiography Soul Surfer: A True Story of Faith, Family, and Fighting to Get Back on the Board by Bethany Hamilton about her life as a surfer after a horrific shark attack and her recovery. The film stars AnnaSophia Robb, Helen Hunt, Dennis Quaid, and Lorraine Nicholson with Carrie Underwood, Kevin Sorbo, Sonya Balmores, Branscombe Richmond, and Craig T. Nelson.\nFilming took place in Hawaii in early 2010 with Robb wearing a green sleeve on her arm so visual effects could be added in post-production to create the appearance of a stump. Additional filming took place in Tahiti in August 2010. Soul Surfer was released in theaters on April 8, 2011 in the United States and Canada by FilmDistrict.
/m/06s1qy	Ronald Bass, sometimes credited as Ron Bass, is an American screenwriter. Also a film producer, Bass's work is characterized as being highly in demand, and he is thought to be among the most highly paid writers in Hollywood. He is often called the \"King of the Pitches\". In 1988, he received the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay for Rain Man, and films that Bass is associated with are regularly nominated for multiple motion picture awards.
/m/0cg9y	Sir Thomas John Woodward, OBE, known by his stage name Tom Jones, is a Welsh singer. He became one of the most popular vocalists to emerge from the mid-1960s. Since then he has sung nearly every form of popular music – pop, rock, R&B, show tunes, country, dance, soul and gospel – and sold over 100 million records.\nJones has had thirty-six Top 40 hits in the United Kingdom and nineteen in the United States; some of his notable songs include \"It's Not Unusual\", \"What's New Pussycat\", \"Delilah\", \"Green, Green Grass of Home\", \"She's a Lady\", \"Kiss\" and \"Sex Bomb\".\nHaving been awarded an OBE in 1999, Jones received a knighthood from Queen Elizabeth II for \"services to music\" in 2006. Jones has received numerous other awards throughout his career, including the Grammy Award for Best New Artist in 1966, an MTV Video Music Award in 1989 and two Brit Awards – winning Best British Male, in 2000, and Outstanding Contribution to Music, in 2003.
/m/0b2km_	World Trade Center is a 2006 American drama film directed by Oliver Stone and based on the September 11 attacks at the World Trade Center. It stars Nicolas Cage, Maria Bello, Michael Peña, Maggie Gyllenhaal, Stephen Dorff and Michael Shannon. The film was shot between October 19, 2005 and February 10, 2006 and released on August 9, 2006. World Trade Center is one of two films released in 2006 based on the 9/11 disaster, the other being United 93.
/m/0b66qd	Suhasini Maniratnam is an Indian film actress known for her works in South Indian Cinema. She made her film debut in 1980 with the Tamil film Nenjathai Killathe for which she won the Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Actress. Suhasini has won the National Film Award for Best Actress for Sindhu Bhairavi in 1986. She has received four Filmfare Award for Best Actress – Kannada, and a Filmfare Award for Best Actress – Telugu, and has garnered state awards like, Tamil Nadu State Film Awards, Nandi Awards and Kerala State Film Awards.
/m/04n2vgk	Scott Mescudi, better known by his stage name Kid Cudi, is an American hip-hop recording artist and actor from Cleveland, Ohio. After moving to Brooklyn, New York, with aspirations of becoming a rapper, Cudi initially gained recognition after the release of his first official full-length project, a mixtape titled A Kid Named Cudi, which he released in 2008. The mixtape caught the attention of American record executive and rapper-producer Kanye West, who subsequently signed Cudi to his GOOD Music label, in late 2008. Cudi's association with West and the GOOD Music label, as well as his breakout single \"Day 'n' Nite\", led him to prominence. Cudi, who is also a singer-songwriter, guitarist and record producer, is currently signed under Republic Records, as well as his own record label imprint, Wicked Awesome Records.\nIn 2009, Cudi's debut single \"Day 'n' Nite\", reached the top five of the Billboard charts. \"Day 'n' Nite\" was included on the mixtape as well as Cudi's debut studio album Man on the Moon: The End of Day, which was certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America. The End of Day also features the singles \"Make Her Say\" and \"Pursuit of Happiness\", both of which fared well on several music charts. In 2010, Cudi released his second studio album and the sequel to his first, Man on the Moon II: The Legend of Mr. Rager. The sequel was preceded by the release of two singles \"Erase Me\" and \"Mr. Rager\", which were both released to moderate success, with \"Erase Me\" peaking at #22 on the Billboard Hot 100. The album itself peaked at #3 on the Billboard 200, surpassing its predecessor in both sales and peak position. Very much like his debut, The Legend of Mr. Rager also went on to be certified Gold by the RIAA. In April 2013, Cudi released Indicud, his third studio album. The album, primarily produced by Cudi himself, peaked at #2 on the Billboard 200 chart, becoming Cudi's highest-charting album on several charts as well as that one. The album spawned the singles \"Just What I Am\", \"Immortal\" and \"Girls\". In February 2014, Cudi released his fourth album Satellite Flight: The Journey to Mother Moon, exclusively to digital retailers.
/m/01mpwj	Harvard College is one of two schools within Harvard University granting undergraduate degrees. Founded in 1636 in Cambridge, Massachusetts, it is the oldest institution of higher learning in the United States and one of the most prestigious in the world.
/m/05qd_	Paramount Pictures Corporation is a film and television production/distribution studio, consistently ranked as one of the largest film studios. It is a subsidiary of U.S. media conglomerate Viacom, Paramount is a member of the Motion Picture Association of America. It has distributed various commercially successful film series, such as Shrek, Transformers, Mission: Impossible, Marvel Cinematic Universe, Indiana Jones, The Godfather, Star Trek, Jack Ryan, Jackass, The Bad News Bears, Beverly Hills Cop, \"Crocodile\" Dundee, Paranormal Activity, and G.I. Joe.\nIn 2014, Paramount Pictures became the first big Hollywood studio to distribute all its films in digital-form only.
/m/0j90s	Guess Who's Coming to Dinner is a 1967 American comedy-drama film starring Spencer Tracy, Sidney Poitier and Katharine Hepburn, and featuring Hepburn's niece Katharine Houghton. The film contains a positive representation of the controversial subject of interracial marriage, which historically had been illegal in most states of the United States, and still was illegal in 17 states—mostly Southern states—until 12 June 1967, six months before the film was released, roughly two weeks after Tracy filmed his final scene, when anti-miscegenation laws were struck down by the Supreme Court in Loving v. Virginia. The film was produced and directed by Stanley Kramer and written by William Rose. The movie's Oscar-nominated score was composed by Frank DeVol.\nThe film is notable for being the ninth and final on-screen pairing of Tracy and Hepburn, with filming ending just 17 days before Tracy's death. Hepburn never saw the completed film, saying the memories of Tracy were too painful. The film was released in December 1967, six months after his death.
/m/0cg9f	Richard Burton, CBE was a Welsh stage and cinema actor noted for his smooth, flowing baritone voice and his great acting talent. Establishing himself as a formidable Shakespearean actor in the 1950s and the performer of a memorable Hamlet in 1964, Burton was called \"the natural successor to Olivier\" by critic and dramaturg Kenneth Tynan. Burton's turning his back on the stage disappointed some critics.\nBurton was nominated seven times for an Academy Award without ever winning. He was a recipient of BAFTA, Golden Globe and Tony Awards for Best Actor. In the mid-1960s, Burton ascended into the ranks of the top box office stars and by the late 1960s, was the highest-paid actor in the world, receiving fees of $1 million or more plus a share of the gross receipts.\nBurton remains closely associated in the public consciousness with his second wife, actress Elizabeth Taylor. The couple's turbulent relationship was rarely out of the news.
/m/0q6g3	Super Dimension Fortress Macross is an anime television series from 1982. According to story creator Shoji Kawamori, it depicts \"a love triangle against the backdrop of great battles\" during the first Human-alien war. It's the first part of two franchises: The Super Dimension series and Macross series.\nMacross is a science fiction series that combines transformable mecha, apocalyptic battles, wartime romance, and music. It features mechanical designs by Kazutaka Miyatake and Shoji Kawamori and character designs by Haruhiko Mikimoto of Artland. Macross also created one of the first anime idols Lynn Minmay, turning her voice actress Mari Iijima into an instant celebrity, and launching her musical career. Most of its animation was adapted in the USA for the first saga of Robotech.
/m/0hm10	CTV Television Network is a Canadian English language broadcast television network that is owned by the Bell Media subsidiary of BCE Inc. It is Canada's largest privately owned network, and has consistently placed as Canada's top-rated network in total viewers and in key demographics since 2002, after several years trailing the rival Global Television Network in key markets.\nBell Media also operates additional CTV-branded properties, including the 24-hour national cable news network CTV News Channel and the secondary CTV Two television system.\nThere has never been an official full name corresponding to the initials \"CTV\"; however, it is generally assumed to mean \"Canadian Television\", a phrase used in a promotional campaign by the network in 1998, and also in pre-promotion for the network prior to its launch in 1961.
/m/01qhm_	German Americans are Americans who were either born in Germany or are of German ancestry. They comprise about 50 million people, making them the largest ancestry group ahead of Irish Americans, African Americans and English Americans. They comprise about ¹⁄3 of the German diaspora in the world.\nNone of the German states had American colonies. In the 1670s the first significant groups of German immigrants arrive in the British colonies, settling primarily in New York and Pennsylvania. Immigration continued in very large numbers during the 19th century, with eight million arrivals from Germany. They were pulled by the attractions of land and religious freedom, and pushed out of Europe by shortages of land and religious or political oppression. Many arrived seeking religious or political freedom, others for economic opportunities greater than those in Europe, and others for the chance to start fresh in the New World. The arrivals before 1850 were mostly farmers who sought out the most productive land, where their intensive farming techniques would pay off. After 1840, many came to cities, where \"Germania\"—German-speaking districts—soon emerged.
/m/01cgxp	Mosul, is a city in northern Iraq and the capital of the Nineveh Province, some 400 km northwest of Baghdad. The original city stands on the west bank of the Tigris River, opposite the ancient Assyrian city of Nineveh on the east bank, but the metropolitan area has now grown to encompass substantial areas on both banks, with five bridges linking the two sides. The majority of its population is Arab. It is Iraq's third largest city after Baghdad and Basra.\nThe fabric Muslin, long manufactured here, is named after this city. Another historically important product of the area is Mosul marble.\nIn 1987, the city's population was 664,221 people; the 2002 population estimate was 1,740,000, and by 2008 was estimated to be 1,800,000. People from Mosul are called Maslawis.\nThe city's mayor is Mohsin Mohammed Abdulazeez.\nThe city of Mosul is home to the University of Mosul, one of the largest educational and research centers in Iraq and the Middle East.\nThe city is also a historic center for the Nestorian Christianity of the Assyrians, containing the tombs of several Old Testament prophets such as Jonah.
/m/026y23w	Wayne Dyer is a professional footballer currently playing for Romulus. where he plays as a midfielder.\nDyer is remembered most for his goal in the 88th minute in the home leg against the Dominican Republic on 19 March 2000. The match was played in Port of Spain, Trinidad as the only pitch in Montserrat was unusable due to volcanic activity.\nEven though his side lost 3-1 and lost both games 6-1 on aggregate, this was Montserrat's first ever goal in World Cup Qualifying. In June 2011, after a gap of seven years he appeared again for his national team in a World Cup qualifying match against Belize.\nIn England, Dyer has played for Birmingham City, Oxford United, Walsall, Stevenage Borough, and before Bromsgrove, Hinckley United, Stourbridge, Solihull Borough, Kettering Town and Chesham United\nHe joined Hednesford Town in October 2007 after two seasons at Bromsgrove Rovers, with the move to Keys Park covered in a recent edition of British football publication FourFourTwo magazine.\nHe moved to Chasetown but was loaned to Coleshill Town in October 2008 where he played three matches.\nHe then moved to Redditch United in the Conference North after moving from Barwell where he made 13 appearances in all, six in the league, scoring one goal—a diving header in the second minute of second half stoppage time to give Barwell a 2-1 victory over Grantham Town on 4 September 2010 after coming on a substitute.
/m/0hg11	A condition in which the production of thyroid hormone by the thyroid gland is diminished. Signs and symptoms of hypothyroidism include low metabolic rate, tendency to weight gain, somnolence and sometimes myxedema. In the United States, the most common cause of hypothyroidism is Hashimoto's thyroiditis, an autoimmune disorder. SYN athyrea. --2004
/m/0k_q_	Glendale is a city in Los Angeles County, California, United States. As of the 2010 Census, the city population is 191,719, making it the third largest city in Los Angeles County and the 22nd largest city in the state of California.\nGlendale lies at the eastern end of the San Fernando Valley, bisected by the Verdugo Mountains, and is a suburb in the Greater Los Angeles Area. The city is bordered to the northwest by the Sun Valley and Tujunga neighborhoods of Los Angeles; to the northeast by La Cañada Flintridge and the unincorporated area of La Crescenta; to the west by Burbank and Griffith Park; to the east by Eagle Rock and Pasadena; to the south by the Atwater Village neighborhood of Los Angeles; and to the southeast by Glassell Park neighborhood of Los Angeles. The Golden State, Ventura, Glendale, and Foothill freeways run through the city.\nGlendale's Forest Lawn Memorial Park Cemetery contains the remains of many noted celebrities and local residents. Glendale is also noted for having one of the largest communities of Armenian descent in the United States.
/m/02qhlm	Portsmouth Football Club is a professional football club based in the city of Portsmouth, England. Portsmouth's home matches have been played at Fratton Park since the club's formation in 1898. Portsmouth have been champions of England twice, in 1949 and 1950. The club has also won the FA Cup on two occasions, firstly in 1939 and most recently in 2008.\nPortsmouth were moderately successful in the first decade of the 21st century, especially during the 2007–08 Premier League season, when they won the FA Cup, beating Cardiff City 1–0 in the final. They subsequently qualified for the 2008–09 UEFA Cup competing against European heavyweights such as seven times European Cup winners A.C. Milan. During this period, Portsmouth were recognised to have a large number of international footballers, including England players Glen Johnson and Jermain Defoe, as well as Peter Crouch, David James and Sol Campbell. However, financial problems soon set in and Portsmouth were relegated to the Football League Championship in 2010. In 2012 they were again relegated, to League One, and again, in 2013, to League Two. They began the 2013–14 season in the fourth tier of the English football league system for the first time since the late 1970s.
/m/03qx63	FC Spartak Moscow is a Russian football club from Moscow. Having won 12 Soviet championships and 9 of 19 Russian championships they are one of the country's most successful clubs. They have also won the Soviet Cup 10 times and the Russian Cup 3 times. Spartak have also reached the semi-finals of all three European club competitions.\nHistorically the club was a part of the Spartak sports society. Other teams in the society include ice hockey club HC Spartak Moscow. Currently, the club is not connected with Spartak sports society and is an independent privately owned organization. They are nicknamed \"Meat\".\nRight now, Spartak Moscow is third in this season, and they are one point behind Zenit and Lokomotiv. The great labour that the coach of the team Valeri Karpin, the current physical trainer Eduardo Dominguez Lago and the rest of the members of this club are doing are giving chances for Spartak for winning the League or the Cup of Russia.\nStatistics said that Spartak this year are the team with less muscles injuries and that's because the head physical coach Eduardo Dominguez and the second physical coach Luis Casais are making a hard and great job.
/m/07ypt	Victoria is the capital city of British Columbia, Canada and is located on the southern tip of Vancouver Island off Canada's Pacific coast. The city has a population of about 80,017 within the metropolitan area of Greater Victoria, which has a population of 344,615, making it the 15th most populous Canadian urban region.\nVictoria is about 100 kilometres from BC's largest city of Vancouver on the mainland. The city is about 100 kilometres from Seattle by airplane, ferry, or the Victoria Clipper passenger-only ferry which operates daily, year round between Seattle and Victoria and 40 kilometres from Port Angeles, Washington by Coho ferry across the Strait of Juan de Fuca.\nNamed after Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom and, at the time, British North America, Victoria is one of the oldest cities in the Pacific Northwest, with British settlement beginning in 1843. The city has retained a large number of its historic buildings, in particular its two most famous landmarks, the British Columbia Parliament Buildings and the Empress hotel. The city's Chinatown is the second oldest in North America after San Francisco's. The region's Coast Salish First Nations peoples established communities in the area long before non-native settlement, possibly several thousand years earlier, which had large populations at the time of European exploration. Victoria, like many Vancouver Island communities, continues to have a sizable First Nations presence, composed of peoples from all over Vancouver Island and beyond.
/m/0223bl	Crystal Palace Football Club are an English professional football club based in South Norwood, London. They are currently playing in the Barclays Premier League. During the 2012–13 Football League season, Palace finished fifth and gained promotion to the Premier League through the play-offs. Their colours are red and blue, although they had adopted a claret and pale blue strip of Aston Villa in their early years. The club was founded at The Crystal Palace in 1905 to introduce a team to the local population, who regularly supported the FA Cup Final in sizeable numbers, which was played at the sports stadium, in Crystal Palace Park. Failing to gain election to The Football League, Palace instead joined the Southern Football League Second Division, playing home games at The Crystal Palace, inspiration for the club's initial nickname, \"The Glaziers\". Palace won the Division and promotion in their first season, and played in the Southern League First Division for the next fifteen years.\nIn 1920 the Southern League Division One formed the Football League Third Division. Palace won the division and gained promotion to the Second Division, where they spent four seasons before suffering relegation to the Third Division South. In 1958 a league re-organisation saw Palace become founder members of Division Four. Over the next eleven years the club moved from the lowest rung of English Football to the highest, reaching the First Division in 1969. In 1973 the club modernised its image, changing the nickname from The Glaziers to \"The Eagles\" and ending the 68-year association with claret and blue by introducing the red-and-blue vertical stripes now associated with the club. The club stabilised itself in the top two divisions with successive promotions in 1977 and 1979. The period from 1989–91 saw Steve Coppell guide the team to an FA Cup Final and third place in the First Division. Palace became founder members of the Premier League in 1992, but were relegated the same season. Palace entered administration in both 2000 and 2010, and are now owned by a consortium of four. The club achieved promotion back to the Premier League under manager Ian Holloway with a 1–0 win over Watford in the Football League play-offs in May 2013.
/m/0425c5	FC Seoul is a South Korean professional football club based in Seoul, South Korea, that plays in the K League Classic. It is currently owned by GS Sports, a subsidiary of GS Group.\nThe club was officially founded as Lucky-Goldstar FC in 1983, by the Lucky-Goldstar Group. FC Seoul have won 5 League titles, 2 League Cups and 1 FA Cup. FC Seoul is one of the most successful and the most popular club and in the K League Classic, with financial backing from the GS Group. Also, 2012, FC Seoul was evaluated that club had most valuable football brands in K League Classic\nThe club is currently managed by FC Seoul legend Choi Yong-Soo.
/m/01qvtwm	Tomokazu Seki is a Japanese voice actor. He formerly worked for Haikyou and is the head of Atomic Monkey.
/m/03cffvv	And the Band Played On is a 1993 American television film docudrama directed by Roger Spottiswoode. The teleplay by Arnold Schulman is based on the best-selling 1987 non-fiction book And the Band Played On: Politics, People, and the AIDS Epidemic by Randy Shilts.\nThe film premiered at the Montreal Film Festival before being broadcast by HBO on September 11, 1993. It later was released in the United Kingdom, Canada, Spain, Germany, Argentina, Austria, Italy, Sweden, the Netherlands, France, Denmark, New Zealand and Australia.
/m/021r7r	Raymond Daniel Manczarek Jr. known as Ray Manzarek was an American musician, singer, producer, film director, and author, best known as a founding member and keyboardist of The Doors from 1965 to 1973. He was a co-founding member of Nite City from 1977 to 1978, and of Manzarek–Krieger from 2001 to his death.
/m/0n228	Mahoning County is a county located in the state of Ohio. According to the 2010 census, it has a population of 238,823, which is a decrease of 7.3% from 257,555 in 2000. It is part of the Youngstown-Warren-Boardman, OH-PA Metropolitan Area.\nIts county seat is Youngstown and the county is named for an Indian word meaning \"salt lick\".
/m/0m_q0	Sayonara is a 1957 color American film starring Marlon Brando. The picture tells the story of an American Air Force flier who was an ace fighter pilot during the Korean War.\nSayonara won four Academy Awards, including acting honors for co-stars Red Buttons and Miyoshi Umeki.\nThe film's screenplay was adapted by Paul Osborn from the novel by James Michener, and was produced by William Goetz and directed by Joshua Logan. Unlike most 1950s romantic dramas, Sayonara deals squarely with racism and prejudice. The supporting cast also features Patricia Owens, James Garner, Martha Scott, Ricardo Montalban, and Miiko Taka.
/m/01mqc_	Christian Michael Leonard Slater is an American actor. He made his film debut with a small role in The Postman Always Rings Twice before playing a leading role in the 1985 film The Legend of Billie Jean. He then played a monk's apprentice alongside Sean Connery in The Name of the Rose before gaining wider recognition for his breakthrough role in the cult film Heathers.\nIn the 1990s, Slater starred in many big budget films, including Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves, Interview with the Vampire: The Vampire Chronicles, Broken Arrow, and Hard Rain. He was also featured in the cult film True Romance. Since 2000, Slater has combined work in the film business with television, including appearances in The West Wing and Alias and starring in Breaking In and Mind Games. Slater was married to Ryan Haddon between 2000 and 2005, and they had two children together. Slater has had widely publicized brushes with the law, including being sentenced to three months in jail for assault in 1997.
/m/045xh	The James Tiptree, Jr. Award is an annual literary prize for works of science fiction or fantasy that expand or explore one's understanding of gender. It was initiated in February 1991 by science fiction authors Pat Murphy and Karen Joy Fowler, subsequent to a discussion at WisCon.
/m/025569	Warrington is a town, borough and unitary authority area of Cheshire, England. It stands on the banks of the River Mersey, which is tidal to the west of the weir at Howley. It is 18.5 miles miles east of Liverpool, 16 miles west of Manchester and 8 miles south of St Helens. The population of the borough is 202,228. Its population has more than doubled since its designation as a New Town in 1968.\nWarrington was founded by the Romans at an important crossing place on the River Mersey. A new settlement was established by the Saxons. By the Middle Ages, Warrington had emerged as a market town at the lowest bridging point of the river. A local tradition of textile and tool production dates from this time.\nHistorically in Lancashire, the expansion and urbanisation of Warrington largely coincided with the Industrial Revolution in the local region, particularly after the Mersey was made navigable in the 18th century. The West Coast Mainline runs north to south through the town, and the Liverpool to Manchester railway west to east. The Manchester Ship Canal cuts through the south of the borough. The M6, M56 and M62 motorways form a partial box around the town.
/m/016dsy	Marianne Evelyn Faithfull is a British singer, songwriter and actress whose career has spanned five decades.\nHer early work in pop and rock music in the 1960s was overshadowed by her struggle with drug abuse in the 1970s. During the first two-thirds of that decade, she produced only two little-noticed studio albums. After a long commercial absence, she returned late in 1979 with the highly acclaimed album, Broken English. Faithfull's subsequent solo work, often critically acclaimed, has at times been overshadowed by her personal history.\nFrom 1966 to 1970, she had a highly publicised romantic relationship with Rolling Stones' lead singer Mick Jagger. She co-wrote \"Sister Morphine\", which is featured on the Rolling Stones' Sticky Fingers album.
/m/0jmcb	The Toronto Raptors are a professional basketball team based in Toronto, Ontario. They are part of the Atlantic Division of the Eastern Conference in the National Basketball Association. The team was established in 1995, along with the Vancouver Grizzlies, as part of the NBA's expansion into Canada. When the Grizzlies relocated to Memphis, Tennessee to become the Memphis Grizzlies in 2001, the Raptors became the only Canadian team in the NBA. They originally played their home games at the SkyDome, before moving to the Air Canada Centre in 1999.\nLike most expansion teams, the Raptors struggled in their early years, but after the acquisition of Vince Carter through a draft day trade in 1998, the team set league attendance records and made the NBA playoffs in 2000, 2001, and 2002. Carter was instrumental in leading the team to a franchise high 47 wins and their first playoff series win in 2001, where they advanced to the Eastern Conference Semifinals. During the 2002–03 and 2003–04 seasons, they failed to make significant progress and he was traded in 2004 to the New Jersey Nets.\nAfter Carter left, Chris Bosh emerged as the team leader. In 2006–07, Bryan Colangelo's first full season as President and General Manager, a combination of Bosh, 2006 first overall NBA draft pick Andrea Bargnani and a revamp of the roster helped the Raptors qualify for their first playoff berth in five years, capturing the Atlantic Division title with 47 wins. In the 2007–08 season, they advanced to the playoffs again, but have failed to make the playoffs every year since. In a bid to persuade Bosh to stay, Colangelo overhauled the team roster for the 2009–10 season, but Bosh signed with the Miami Heat in July 2010, ushering in yet another era of rebuilding for the Raptors. After Masai Ujiri was brought in as the new General Manager in 2013, he traded Bargnani to the New York Knicks.
/m/04f6hhm	Sons of Anarchy is an American television drama series created by Kurt Sutter about the lives of a close-knit outlaw motorcycle club operating in Charming, a fictional town in California's Central Valley. The show centers on protagonist Jackson \"Jax\" Teller, the vice president of the club, who begins questioning the club and himself.\nSons of Anarchy premiered on September 3, 2008, on cable network FX. The third season of the series attracted an average of 4.9 million viewers per week, making it FX's highest rated series ever, surpassing FX's other hits The Shield, Nip/Tuck, and Rescue Me. The season 4 and 5 premieres, both directed by series executive producer and principal director Paris Barclay and written by series creator and executive producer Kurt Sutter, were the two highest-rated telecasts in FX's history.\nThe sixth season aired from September 10 through December 10, 2013. Those involved in the production of the series imply that creator Kurt Sutter plans a seventh and final season.\nIn November 2013, Kurt Sutter indicated that he was in talks with FX to make a Sons of Anarchy prequel set in the 1960s
/m/0nvd8	Lake County is a county in the northeastern corner of the U.S. state of Illinois, on the shore of Lake Michigan. According to the 2010 census, it has a population of 703,462, which is an increase of 9.2% from 644,356 in 2000. Its county seat is Waukegan.\nLake County is one of the five collar counties and is part of the Chicago metropolitan area. According to the 2000 census, Lake County is the 31st richest county by per capita income. The lakefront communities of Lake Forest, Lake Bluff, and Highland Park are part of the affluent North Shore area.\nOriginally part of McHenry County, the townships composing Lake County were carved out into a separate county in 1839.\nNaval Station Great Lakes is located in the city of North Chicago in Lake County. It is the United States Navy's Headquarters Command for training, and the Navy's only recruit training center.
/m/014kq6	Die Another Day is the twentieth spy film in the James Bond series, and the fourth and last film to star Pierce Brosnan as the fictional MI6 agent James Bond. The film follows Bond as he leads a mission to North Korea, during which he is betrayed and, after seemingly killing a rogue North Korean colonel, is captured and imprisoned. More than a year later Bond is released as part of a prisoner exchange. Surmising that someone within the British government betrayed him, he attempts to earn redemption by tracking down his betrayer and killing a North Korean agent he believes was involved in his torture.\nDie Another Day, produced by Michael G. Wilson and Barbara Broccoli, and directed by Lee Tamahori, marks the James Bond franchise's 40th anniversary. The series began in 1962 with Sean Connery starring as Bond in Dr. No. Die Another Day includes references to each of the preceding films.\nThe film received mixed reviews. Some critics praised the work of Lee Tamahori, while others criticised the film's heavy use of computer-generated imagery, which they felt had a negative effect on the film's plot. Nevertheless, Die Another Day was the highest-grossing James Bond film up to that time if inflation is not taken into account.
/m/0579tg2	Paul Samuel Fox was an American set decorator. He won three Academy Awards and was nominated for ten more in the category Best Art Direction.
/m/045xx	Juventus Football Club S.p.A., commonly referred to as Juventus and colloquially as Juve, are a professional Italian association football club based in Turin, Piedmont. The club is the third oldest of its kind in the country and has spent the majority of its history, with the exception of the 2006–07 season, in the top flight First Division.\nFounded in 1897 as Sport Club Juventus by a group of young Torinese students, among them, who was their first president, Eugenio Canfari, and his brother Enrico, author of the company's historical memory; they are managed by the industrial Agnelli family since 1923, which constitutes the oldest sporting partnership in Italy, thus making Juventus the first professional club in the country. Over time, the club has become a symbol of the nation's culture and italianità, due to their tradition of success, some of which have had a significant impact in Italian society, especially in the 1930s and the first post-war decade; and the ideological politics and socio-economic origin of the club's sympathisers. This is reflected, among others, in the club's contribution to the national team, uninterrupted since the second half of the 1920s and recognised as one of the most influential in international football, having performed a decisive role in the World Cup triumphs of 1934, 1982 and 2006. The club's fan base is larger than any other Italian football club and is one of the largest worldwide. Support for Juventus is widespread throughout the country and abroad, mainly in countries with a significant presence of Italian immigrants.
/m/0jmcv	The Dallas Mavericks are a professional basketball team based in Dallas, Texas. They are members of the Southwest Division of the Western Conference of the National Basketball Association.\nAccording to a 2013 Forbes Magazine report, they are the fifth-most valuable basketball franchise in the United States, valued at approximately $685 million; the franchise is surpassed in value only by the New York Knicks, the Los Angeles Lakers, the Chicago Bulls and the Boston Celtics.\nAs of the 2013 season, the Mavericks have sold out 477 consecutive games since December 15, 2001, the longest sellout streak in North American sports.\nSince their inaugural 1980–81 season, the Mavericks have won three division titles, two conference championships, and one NBA Championship.
/m/04nnpw	The Others is a 2001 psychological/supernatural horror film written, directed and scored by Alejandro Amenábar, starring Nicole Kidman and Fionnula Flanagan. William Skidelsky of The Observer has suggested that it is inspired by the 1898 novella The Turn of the Screw.\nIt won eight Goya Awards, including awards for Best Film and Best Director. This was the first English-language film ever to receive the Best Film Award at the Goyas, without a single word of Spanish spoken in it. The Others was nominated for six Saturn Awards including Best Director and Best Writing for Amenábar and Best Performance by a Younger Actor for Alakina Mann, and won three: Best Horror Film, Best Actress for Kidman and Best Supporting Actress for Fionnula Flanagan. Kidman was also nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in Drama and a BAFTA Award for Best Actress, with Amenábar being nominated for a BAFTA Award for Best Original Screenplay, a rare occurrence for a horror film.
/m/01twmp	Thomas B. Kin \"Tommy\" Chong is a Canadian comedian, actor, writer, director, activist, and musician. He is well known for his marijuana-themed Cheech & Chong comedy movies with Cheech Marin, as well as playing the character Leo on Fox's That '70s Show. He became a naturalized United States citizen in the late 1980s.
/m/0h1q6	William Claude Rains was an English stage and film actor whose career spanned 46 years. He was known for many roles in Hollywood films, including the title role in The Invisible Man, scientists, corrupt kings, and senators in The Wolf Man, The Adventures of Robin Hood and Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, Mr. Dryden in Lawrence of Arabia, and Captain Renault in Casablanca.
/m/0f276	Hayden Christensen is a Canadian American actor. He began his career on Canadian television at age 13, then diversified into American television in the late 1990s. He was praised for his acting as Sam in Life as a House, which earned him nominations for both the Golden Globe Award and Screen Actors Guild Award. He gained international fame for his portrayal of the young Anakin Skywalker / Darth Vader in Star Wars Episode II: Attack of the Clones and Star Wars Episode III: Revenge of the Sith.
/m/0lg0r	Ponce is both a city and a municipality in the southern part of Puerto Rico. The city is the seat of the municipal government.\nPonce, Puerto Rico's most populated city outside the San Juan metropolitan area, is named for Juan Ponce de León y Loayza, the great-grandson of Spanish conquistador Juan Ponce de León. Ponce is often referred to as La Perla del Sur, La Ciudad Señorial, and La Ciudad de las Quenepas. The city serves as the governmental seat of the autonomous municipality as well as the regional hub for various Government of Puerto Rico entities, such as the Judiciary of Puerto Rico. It is also the regional center for various other commonwealth and federal government agencies.\nThe Municipality of Ponce, officially the Autonomous Municipality of Ponce, is located in the Southern Coastal Plain region of the island, south of Adjuntas, Utuado, and Jayuya; east of Peñuelas; west of Juana Díaz; and bordered on the south by the Caribbean Sea. The municipality has a total of 31 barrios, including 19 outside the city's urban area and 12 in the urban area of the city. The historic Ponce Pueblo district, located in the downtown area of the city, is shared by several of the downtown barrios, and is located approximately three miles inland from the shores of the Caribbean. Ponce is a principal city of both the Ponce Metropolitan Statistical Area and the Ponce-Yauco-Coamo Combined Statistical Area. The municipality of Ponce is the second largest in Puerto Rico by land area, and it was the first in Puerto Rico to obtain its autonomy, becoming the Autonomous Municipality of Ponce in 1992.
/m/04f62k	Jun Fukuyama is a Japanese voice actor and singer. He was previously represented by Aoni Production and Production Baobab, and is now represented by Axl-One. He is from Fukuyama, Hiroshima but grew up in Takatsuki, Osaka. He was on the cover of October 2008, issue 28 of the Japanese magazine Voice Newtype.
/m/0p_qr	Coming Home is a 1978 drama film directed by Hal Ashby and starring Jane Fonda, Jon Voight and Bruce Dern. The screenplay by Waldo Salt and Robert C. Jones was from a story by Nancy Dowd. The plot follows a love triangle among a young woman, her Marine husband and the paralyzed Vietnam War veteran she meets while her husband is overseas. Fonda and Voight won Academy Awards for their performances.
/m/01ydtg	Spoken word is a performance artistic poem that is word-basic. It often includes collaboration and experimentation with other art forms such as music, theater, and dance. However, spoken word usually tends to focus on the words themselves, the dynamics of tone, gestures, facial expressions, and not so much on the other art forms.\nIn entertainment, spoken-word performances generally consist of storytelling or poetry, exemplified by people like Hedwig Gorski, Gil Scott Heron and the lengthy monologues by Spalding Gray.
/m/06_g8f	A humor magazine is a magazine specifically designed to deliver humorous content to its readership. These publications often offer satire and parody, but some also put an emphasis on cartoons, caricature, absurdity, one-liners, witty aphorisms, surrealism, neuroticism, gelotology, emotion-regulating humor, and/or humorous essays. Humor magazines first became popular in the early 19th century with specimens like Le Charivari in France, Punch in the United Kingdom and Vanity Fair in the United States.
/m/025txtg	Reial Club Deportiu Espanyol de Barcelona, or simply RCD Espanyol, is a sports club based in Barcelona, Spain. It is best known for its football team. Espanyol currently play in the Estadi Cornellà-El Prat with seats for 40,500 spectators. It has been their home stadium since 2 August 2009. Espanyol has previously played at Estadi Olímpic Lluís Companys, which also hosted the 1992 Summer Olympics, and at Estadi de Sarrià, a venue for the 1982 FIFA World Cup.
/m/0r89d	Oxnard is a city in the United States, located along the coast of Southern California. It is the 19th most populous city in California and the most populous in Ventura County. The city lies approximately 35 miles west of the Los Angeles city limits, and is part of the larger Greater Los Angeles area. The population of Oxnard is 203,585 as of the 2012 Financial Report. Oxnard is the most populous city in the Oxnard-Thousand Oaks-Ventura, CA Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is listed as one of the wealthiest areas in America, with its residents making well above the average national income. In 2013, Oxnard was ranked as one of the safest cities in America with violent crime rates well below the national average.\nIncorporated in 1903, it is the most populous city in the Oxnard-Thousand Oaks-Ventura metropolitan area. It is located at the western edge of the fertile Oxnard Plain, sitting adjacent to an agricultural center of strawberries and lima beans. Oxnard is also a major transportation hub in Southern California, with Amtrak, Union Pacific, Metrolink, Greyhound, and Intercalifornia stopping in Oxnard. Oxnard also has a small regional airport called Oxnard Airport.
/m/061xq	The Pittsburgh Pirates are a professional baseball club based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania that competes in Major League Baseball. They compete in the Central Division of the National League, and play their home games at PNC Park. Founded in 1882 as Allegheny, the franchise has won five World Series championships. The Pirates are also often referred to as the \"Bucs\" or the \"Buccos\".\nThe franchise joined the NL in its sixth season in 1887 and was competitive from its early years, winning three NL titles from 1901 to 1903, playing in the very first World Series in 1903 and winning their first World Series in 1909 behind Honus Wagner. The Pirates have had many ups and downs during their long history, most famously winning the 1960 World Series on a game-winning home run by Bill Mazeroski, the only time that Game 7 of the World Series has ever ended with a home run. They also won the 1971 World Series with Roberto Clemente and the 1979 World Series under the slogan \"We Are Family\", led by \"Pops\" Willie Stargell. Overall the Pirates have won five World Series and lost two.\nAfter a run of regular-season success in the early 1990s, the Pirates struggled in subsequent decades, with 20 consecutive losing seasons—the longest such streak in North American professional sports history—before posting a winning record in 2013 of 94–68 to qualify for the NL Division Series round.
/m/0d87hc	The Nutty Professor is a 1996 science fiction romantic comedy film starring Eddie Murphy. It is a remake of the 1963 film of the same name, which starred Jerry Lewis. The film co-stars Jada Pinkett, James Coburn, Dave Chappelle, Larry Miller, and John Ales. Montell Jordan has a cameo role as himself. The original music score was composed by David Newman. The film won Best Makeup at the 69th Academy Awards.\nMurphy portrays a university professor, Sherman Klump, who is morbidly obese. A research scientist, academic, and lecturer, Klump develops a miraculous, but experimental, weight-loss pharmaceutical, and, hoping to win the affection of the girl of his dreams, tests it upon himself. Like the original film's Julius Kelp, Klump's trim, stylish, but arrogant alter ego also takes the name \"Buddy Love\". Murphy plays a total of seven characters in the film, including Sherman, most of Sherman's family, and an over-the-top parody of Richard Simmons.\nThe film received positive reviews, with critics particularly praising the makeup and Murphy's performance. The film's success spawned a sequel, Nutty Professor II: The Klumps, which was released in 2000. The film was re-released on Blu-ray combo pack on March 6, 2012, to celebrate the 100th anniversary of Universal Studios.
/m/05sy_5	Crash is a 2004 crime drama film co-written, produced, and directed by Paul Haggis. The film is about racial and social tensions in Los Angeles, California. A self-described \"passion piece\" for Haggis, Crash was inspired by a real-life incident in which his Porsche was carjacked outside a video store on Wilshire Boulevard in 1991.\nSeveral characters' stories interweave during two days in Los Angeles: a black detective estranged from his mother; his criminal younger brother and gang associate; the white district attorney and his irritated, pampered wife; a racist white police officer who disgusts his more idealistic younger partner; an African American Hollywood director and his wife who must deal with the officer; a Iranian-immigrant father who is wary of others; and a hard-working Hispanic family man, a locksmith. The film differs from many other films about racism in its rather impartial approach to the issue. Rather than separating the characters into victims and offenders, victims of racism are often shown to be racist themselves in different contexts and situations. Also, racist remarks and actions are often shown to stem from ignorance and misconception rather than a malicious personality.
/m/025x7g_	Geometry is a branch of mathematics concerned with questions of shape, size, relative position of figures, and the properties of space. A mathematician who works in the field of geometry is called a geometer. Geometry arose independently in a number of early cultures as a body of practical knowledge concerning lengths, areas, and volumes, with elements of a formal mathematical science emerging in the West as early as Thales. By the 3rd century BC geometry was put into an axiomatic form by Euclid, whose treatment—Euclidean geometry—set a standard for many centuries to follow. Archimedes developed ingenious techniques for calculating areas and volumes, in many ways anticipating modern integral calculus. The field of astronomy, especially mapping the positions of the stars and planets on the celestial sphere and describing the relationship between movements of celestial bodies, served as an important source of geometric problems during the next one and a half millennia. Both geometry and astronomy were considered in the classical world to be part of the Quadrivium, a subset of the seven liberal arts considered essential for a free citizen to master.
/m/03gvm3t	The X Factor is a British television music competition to find new singing talent, contested by aspiring singers drawn from public auditions. Created by Simon Cowell, the show began in September 2004 and has since aired annually from August/September until December. The show is produced by FremantleMedia's Thames and Cowell's production company SycoTV. It is broadcast on the ITV network in the United Kingdom and TV3 in Ireland, with spin-off behind-the-scenes show The Xtra Factor screened on ITV2. The \"X Factor\" refers to the undefinable \"something\" that makes for star quality.\nThe show is the originator of the international The X Factor franchise. The X Factor was devised as a replacement for the highly successful Pop Idol, which was put on indefinite hiatus after its second series, largely because Cowell, who was a judge on Pop Idol, wished to launch a show to which he owned the television rights. The perceived similarity between the two shows later became the subject of a legal dispute.\nThe original judging panel were Cowell, Sharon Osbourne and Louis Walsh. Dannii Minogue joined in series 4, and Cheryl Cole replaced Osbourne in series 5. Cowell, Minogue and Cole all departed after series 7 and were replaced by Gary Barlow, Kelly Rowland and Tulisa Contostavlos in series 8. Nicole Scherzinger replaced Rowland in series 9, and Osbourne re-joined the judging panel in series 10 as Contostavlos' replacement. Osbourne, Barlow and Scherzinger are not returning for series 11 and Cowell is returning as a judge. The first three series of the show were presented by Kate Thornton. Since series 4, the show has been presented by Dermot O'Leary. Also, since series 10, Caroline Flack has served as a backstage presenter during the Saturday night live shows. The show is split into different stages, following the contestants from auditions through to the final. In the original televised audition stage of the show, contestants sang in an audition room in front of just the judges, but from series 6 onwards, auditionees sing on a stage in front of the judges and a live audience. In series 10, both auditions formats were used. Successful auditionees go through to \"bootcamp\" and then to \"judges' houses\", where judges narrow down the acts in their category down to three or four acts to mentor for the live shows, where the public vote for their favourite acts following weekly live performances by the contestants.
/m/02d49z	Thirteen is a 2003 American drama film directed by Catherine Hardwicke, and written by Hardwicke and Nikki Reed, the film's co-star. The film also stars Holly Hunter and Evan Rachel Wood. It is a semi-autobiographical film inspired by Reed's life at age 12 and 13 with Wood's character \"Tracy\" being loosely based upon Reed. The script was written in six days. The film caused controversy upon its release, because it dealt with topics such as drug and alcohol abuse, underage sexual behavior and self-harm.
/m/08cg36	Glam punk is a term used retrospectively to describe a short lived trend for bands which produced a form of protopunk that incorporated elements of glam rock, initially in the early to mid-1970s. Acts included New York Dolls and Harlots of 42nd Street.
/m/0xnc3	Charles, Prince of Wales, is the eldest child and heir apparent of Queen Elizabeth II. Known alternatively in Scotland as Duke of Rothesay and in South West England as Duke of Cornwall, he is the longest-serving heir apparent in British history, having held the position since 1952. He is also the oldest heir to the throne since 1714.\nCharles was born at Buckingham Palace as the first grandchild of King George VI and Queen Elizabeth. He was educated at Cheam and Gordonstoun Schools, which his father, Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, had attended as a child, as well as the Timbertop campus of Geelong Grammar School in Victoria, Australia. After earning a bachelor of arts degree from Trinity College, Cambridge, Charles served in the Royal Navy from 1971 to 1976.\nCharles's interests encompass a range of humanitarian and social issues: he founded The Prince's Trust in 1976, sponsors The Prince's Charities, and is patron of numerous other charitable and arts organisations. He has long championed organic farming and sought to raise world awareness of the dangers facing the natural environment, such as climate change. As an environmentalist, he has received numerous awards and recognition from environmental groups around the world. His 2010 book, Harmony: A New Way of Looking at Our World, won the Nautilus Book Award. He has been outspoken on the role of architecture in society and the conservation of historic buildings, and produced a book on the subject called A Vision of Britain: A Personal View of Architecture in 1989. He has also promoted herbal and other alternative medical treatment. In 1980, he wrote a children's book titled The Old Man of Lochnagar. The book was later adapted into an animation short film, a musical stage play and a ballet.
/m/01qqv5	Stevens Institute of Technology is a private, coeducational research university located on a 55-acre campus in Hoboken, New Jersey, United States. The university also has a satellite location in Washington, D.C.. The campus encompasses Castle Point, the highest point in Hoboken, and several other buildings around the city.\nThe university was founded in 1870 with an 1868 bequest from Edwin Augustus Stevens. Enrollment at Stevens includes more than 5,000 undergraduate and graduate students representing 47 states and 60 countries throughout Asia, Europe and Latin America. The university is home to three national Centers of Excellence as designated by the U.S. Departments of Defense and Homeland Security. Two members of the Stevens community, as alumni or faculty, have been awarded the Nobel Prize: Frederick Reines, in Physics, and Irving Langmuir, in chemistry.\nStevens ranks #82 in U.S. News & World Report \"Best National Universities\" list, #75 for undergraduate engineering and #72 for graduate engineering. Stevens also ranks #3 in the U.S. in mid-career salaries of graduates, as well as #5 in the U.S. among \"Best Engineering Colleges By Salary Potential,\" a list compiled by payscale.com based on self-reported data.
/m/013mzh	Port Arthur is a city in Jefferson County within the Beaumont−Port Arthur Metropolitan Statistical Area of the U.S. state of Texas. The population was 53,818 at the 2010 census.\nPort Arthur was founded by Arthur Stilwell in 1895, on the western bank of Sabine Lake, and incorporated in 1898. The Rainbow Bridge across the Neches River connects Port Arthur to Bridge City.
/m/017d77	Hampshire College is a private liberal arts college in Amherst, Massachusetts, United States. It was opened in 1970 as an experiment in alternative education, in association with four other colleges in the Pioneer Valley: Amherst College, Smith College, Mount Holyoke College and the University of Massachusetts Amherst. Together they are now known as the Five Colleges, or the Five College Area.\nThe College is widely known for its alternative curriculum, focus on portfolios rather than distribution requirements, and reliance on narrative evaluations instead of grades and GPAs. In some fields, it is among the top undergraduate institutions in percentage of graduates who enroll in graduate school. Fifty-six percent of its alumni have at least one graduate degree and it is ranked 30th among all US colleges in the percentage of its graduates who go on to attain a doctorate degree.
/m/029czt	Mansfield is a town in Nottinghamshire, England. It is the main town in the Mansfield local government district and is a part of the Mansfield Urban Area. Surrounded by a pocket of steep hills within the Maun Valley, the town is around 12 miles north of Nottingham. The district of Mansfield is a largely urban area situated in the north west of Nottinghamshire populated by 99,600 residents of whom the vast majority live in Mansfield, with Market Warsop a secondary centre, and the remainder in the rural north of the district. Adjacent to the urban area of Sutton-in-Ashfield, Mansfield is the only major sub-regional centre in Nottinghamshire covering an area of 78 square kilometres. The Centre for Cities categorises the town as a 'small city', although it does not officially hold city status.\nMansfield is the only local authority area in the county to have a directly elected Mayor and in October 2008 Mansfield elected its first Youth Mayor.\nHistorically, the district has been influenced heavily by its industrial past with coal mining and textiles thriving in the district until their decline in the 1990s, but in common with the national economy the area has seen the decline of these sectors. Mansfield has 20.2% of its working age population seeking key out of work benefits.
/m/0gmtm	Claudette Colbert was a French-born American actress, and a leading lady for two decades.\nColbert began her career in Broadway productions during the 1920s, progressing to film with the advent of talking pictures. Initially associated with Paramount Pictures, Colbert later gradually shifted to working as a freelance actor. She won the Academy Award for Best Actress in It Happened One Night, and also received Academy Award nominations for Private Worlds and Since You Went Away. With her round apple-face, Colbert was known as an expert screwball comedienne, but her dramatic range enabled her to easily encompass melodrama and to play characters ranging from vamps to housewives. During her successful career, Colbert starred in more than sixty movies. She was the industry's biggest box-office star in 1938 and 1942.\nBy the mid 1950s she had largely retired from the screen in favor of television and stage work, earning a Tony Award nomination for The Marriage-Go-Round in 1959. Her career tapered off during the early 1960s, but in the late 1970s she experienced a career resurgence in theater, earning a Sarah Siddons Award for her Chicago theater work in 1980. For her television work in The Two Mrs. Grenvilles she won a Golden Globe Award and received an Emmy Award nomination.
/m/01cz7r	Notting Hill is a 1999 British romantic comedy film set in Notting Hill, London, released on 21 May 1999. The screenplay was by Richard Curtis, who had written Four Weddings and a Funeral. It was produced by Duncan Kenworthy and directed by Roger Michell. The film stars Hugh Grant, Julia Roberts, Rhys Ifans, Emma Chambers, Tim McInnerny, Gina McKee and Hugh Bonneville.\nThe film was well received by critics, and became the highest grossing British film released that year. The film won a BAFTA, and was nominated in two other categories. Notting Hill won other awards, including a British Comedy Award and a Brit Award for the soundtrack, and is perceived to have become a classic over the years.
/m/01vt9p3	Marie Dionne Warwick is an American singer, actress and TV show host, who became a United Nations Global Ambassador for the Food and Agriculture Organization, and a United States Ambassador of Health.\nHaving been in a partnership with songwriters Burt Bacharach and Hal David, Warwick ranks among the 40 biggest hit makers of the entire rock era, based on the Billboard Hot 100 Pop Singles Charts. Dionne Warwick is second only to Aretha Franklin as the most-charted female vocalist of all time with 56 of Dionne's singles making the Billboard Hot 100 between 1962 and 1998.
/m/0187y5	Burton Leon \"Burt\" Reynolds, Jr. is an American actor, director and voice artist. Some of his notable roles include Bo 'Bandit' Darville in Smokey and the Bandit, Lewis Medlock in Deliverance, Bobby \"Gator\" McCluskey in White Lightning and sequel Gator, Charlie B. Barkin in All Dogs Go to Heaven, Paul Crewe then Coach Nate Scarborough in The Longest Yard and Jack Horner in Boogie Nights.
/m/073bb	Sylvia Plath was an American poet, novelist and short story writer. Born in Boston, Massachusetts, she studied at Smith College and Newnham College at the University of Cambridge, before receiving acclaim as a poet and writer. She married fellow poet Ted Hughes in 1956; they lived together in the United States and then England, and had two children, Frieda and Nicholas. Plath suffered from depression for much of her adult life, and in 1963 she committed suicide. Controversy continues to surround the events of her life and death, as well as her writing and legacy.\nPlath is credited with advancing the genre of confessional poetry and is best known for her two published collections, The Colossus and Other Poems and Ariel. In 1982, she won a posthumous Pulitzer Prize for The Collected Poems. She also wrote The Bell Jar, a semi-autobiographical novel published shortly before her death.
/m/04_j5s	New York University School of Law is the law school of New York University in Manhattan. Established in 1835, it is the oldest law school in New York City. The school offers J.D., LL.M., and J.S.D. degrees in law, and is located in Greenwich Village, in downtown Manhattan.\nKnown for its dedication to public-interest and government study, NYU Law is perennially regarded as one of the most prestigious and selective law schools in the United States. U.S. News & World Report currently ranks NYU Law 6th in the nation, and has ranked the law school as high as 4th in recent years. NYU Law is especially renowned for its strength in international law and tax law, and has been consistently ranked 1st in the country by U.S News & World Report in both areas. Additionally, NYU Law enjoys a strong reputation worldwide, consistently ranking in the top 10 global law schools in the QS World University Rankings.\nProminent alumni of the law school include former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani, commentator and author Glenn Greenwald, former Chairman of Paramount Pictures Jonathan Dolgen, Verizon Wireless SVP and General Counsel Randal Milch, former NFL Commissioner Paul Tagliabue, several members of the U.S. House of Representatives, former FBI Director Louis Freeh, and former Sony Pictures Entertainment CEO Peter Guber. The law school has produced numerous leaders in the federal judiciary, including Dennis G. Jacobs, who serves as Chief Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit, and Judge Pauline Newman of the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit.
/m/05br2	Nauru, officially the Republic of Nauru and formerly known as Pleasant Island, is an island country in Micronesia in the South Pacific. Its nearest neighbour is Banaba Island in Kiribati, 300 kilometres to the east. Nauru is 21 square kilometres in area, with 9,378 residents.\nSettled by Micronesian and Polynesian people, Nauru was annexed and claimed as a colony by the German Empire in the late 19th century. After World War I, Nauru became a League of Nations mandate administered by Australia, New Zealand, and the United Kingdom. During World War II, Nauru was occupied by Japanese troops, who were bypassed by the Allied advance across the Pacific. After the war ended, the country entered into trusteeship again. Nauru gained its independence in 1968.\nNauru is a phosphate rock island with rich deposits near the surface, which allow easy strip mining operations. It has some phosphate resources which, as of 2011, are not economically viable for extraction. Nauru boasted the highest per-capita income enjoyed by any sovereign state in the world during the late 1960s and early 1970s. When the phosphate reserves were exhausted, and the environment had been seriously harmed by mining, the trust that had been established to manage the island's wealth diminished in value. To earn income, Nauru briefly became a tax haven and illegal money laundering centre. From 2001 to 2008, it accepted aid from the Australian Government in exchange for housing the Nauru detention centre.
/m/0393g	Guangzhou — known historically as Canton or, less commonly, Kwangchow — is the capital and largest city of Guangdong province, People's Republic of China. Located on the Pearl River, about 120 km north-northwest of Hong Kong and north-northeast of Macau, Guangzhou is a key national transportation hub and trading port. One of the five National Central Cities, it holds sub-provincial administrative status.\nGuangzhou is the third largest Chinese city and southern China's largest city. As of the 2010 census, the city had a population of 12.78 million. Some estimates place the population of the entire Pearl River Delta Mega City built up area as high as 40 million including Shenzhen, Dongguan and most parts of Foshan, Jiangmen, Zhongshan and a small part of Huizhou adjoining Dongguan and Shenzhen, with an area of about 20,000 square kilometres. In 2008 Guangzhou was identified as a Beta World City by the global city index produced by the GaWC, the Globalization and World Cities Research Network.
/m/04gcd1	Phillip Bradley \"Brad\" Bird is an American director, screenwriter, animator, producer and actor.\nBorn in Montana, Bird developed a love for the art of animation at an early age and was mentored by Milt Kahl, one of Disney's legendary Nine Old Men. He was part of one of the earliest graduating classes of the California Institute of the Arts alongside John Lasseter and Tim Burton. Afterwards, Bird worked as an animator for Disney and wrote the screenplay for Batteries Not Included. Bird served as a creative consultant on The Simpsons during its first eight seasons, where he helped develop the show's animation style.\nAfterwards, Bird left to direct his first animated feature, Warner Bros.'s The Iron Giant, which fared poorly at the box office but came to be regarded as a modern animated classic. He rejoined Lasseter at Pixar in 2000, where he would develop his second picture, The Incredibles, and third, Ratatouille. Both films place among Pixar's highest-grossing features and gave Bird Academy Award for Best Animated Feature wins and Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay nominations. In 2011, Bird transitioned to live-action filmmaking with Mission: Impossible – Ghost Protocol, which became the highest-grossing of its franchise. He is currently directing Tomorrowland.
/m/0212mp	Burnley Football Club are a professional Football League club based in Burnley, Lancashire. Nicknamed the Clarets, due to the dominant colour of their home shirts, they were one of the founder members of the Football League in 1888. The club colours of claret and blue were adopted in 1910 in tribute to the dominant club of English football Aston Villa. It was thought the colours might lift and inspire Burnley too. Their home ground since 1883 has been Turf Moor.\nBurnley have been Football League Champions twice, in 1920–21 and 1959–60, and have won the FA Cup once, in 1914. The Clarets also reached the 1961 quarter-finals of the European Cup. They are one of only three teams to have won all top four professional divisions of English football, other two being Wolverhampton Wanderers and Preston North End.\nThe club spent most of its early history in England's top two divisions, but remained outside the top flight from 1976 to 2009. From 1985 to 1992 they had a seven-year spell in the lowest tier of the Football League. In 1987 they narrowly avoided relegation to the Conference. Between 2000 and 2009 they played in the second tier of English football, until they gained promotion to the Premier League for the first time in 33 years after winning the 2009 Championship Play-off Final, but were relegated after a single season.
/m/02pkpfs	Allen Leech, and known in his early career by his birth name Alan Leech, is an Irish stage, television and film actor. A native of Killiney, Leech made his professional acting debut with a small part in a 1998 production of A Streetcar Named Desire. He made his first major film appearance in as Vincent Cusack in Cowboys & Angels and earned an Irish Film & Television Awards nomination in 2004 with his performance as Mo Chara in Man About Dog. Leech came to international attention as Marcus Agrippa on the HBO historical drama Rome and is best known for his role as Tom Branson on the internationally successful costume drama Downton Abbey.
/m/0h5f5n	Peter Morgan is a British film writer and playwright. Morgan is best known for writing the historical films and plays The Queen, Frost/Nixon, and Rush.
/m/06r713	The Eighty-eighth United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, composed of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, D.C. from January 3, 1963 to January 3, 1965, during the last year of the administration of U.S. President John F. Kennedy, and the first administration of his successor, U.S. President Lyndon B. Johnson. The apportionment of seats in this House of Representatives was based on the Eighteenth Census of the United States in 1960, and the number of members was again 435. Both chambers had a Democratic majority.
/m/0mrhq	Harris County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. As of the 2010 census, the population was 4,092,459, making it the most populous county in Texas and the third most populous in the United States. Its county seat is Houston, the largest city in Texas, and the principal city of the Houston–The Woodlands–Sugar Land metropolitan area.\nHarris County was founded in 1836 and is named for John Richardson Harris, an early settler of the area.
/m/01yl6n	Lublin Voivodeship, or Lublin Province, is a voivodeship, or province, located in southeastern Poland. It was created on January 1, 1999, out of the former Lublin, Chełm, Zamość, Biała Podlaska and Tarnobrzeg and Siedlce Voivodeships, pursuant to Polish local government reforms adopted in 1998. The province is named after its largest city and regional capital, Lublin, and its territory is made of three historical lands: the western part of the voivodeship, with Lublin itself, belongs to Lesser Poland, the eastern part belongs to Red Ruthenia, and the northeast belongs to Polesie.\nLublin Voivodeship is bordered by Subcarpathian Voivodeship to the south, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship to the south-west, Masovian Voivodeship to the west and north, Podlaskie Voivodeship along a short boundary to the north, and Belarus and Ukraine to the east. The province's population as of 2006 was 2,175,251. It covers an area of 25,155 square kilometres.
/m/03mh94	Robots is a 2005 American computer animated comic science fiction film produced by Blue Sky Studios for Twentieth Century Fox, and was released theatrically on March 11, 2005. The story was created by Chris Wedge and William Joyce, a children's book author/illustrator. The two were trying to create a film version of Joyce's book Santa Calls but instead they came up with a movie about robots. Joyce served as producer and production designer for the film. It features the voices of Ewan McGregor, Halle Berry, Greg Kinnear, Mel Brooks, Amanda Bynes, Drew Carey and Robin Williams.
/m/03g5_y	Dane Jeffrey Cook is an American stand-up comedian and film actor. He has released five comedy albums: Harmful If Swallowed; Retaliation; Vicious Circle; Rough Around The Edges: Live From Madison Square Garden; and Isolated Incident. In 2006, Retaliation became the highest charting comedy album in 28 years and went platinum. He performed an HBO special in the Fall of 2006, Vicious Circle, a straight-to-DVD special titled Rough Around The Edges, and a Comedy Central special in 2009 titled Isolated Incident. He is known for his use of observational, often vulgar, and sometimes dark comedy.\nHe is credited as one of the first comedians to use a personal webpage and MySpace to build a large fan base and in 2006 was described as \"alarmingly popular\". As an actor, Cook has appeared in films since 1997, including Mystery Men, Waiting..., Employee of the Month, Good Luck Chuck, Dan in Real Life, Mr. Brooks, and My Best Friend's Girl. He also provided the lead voice role in the 2013 family film Planes.
/m/03mp9s	Michelle Ingrid Williams is an American actress. After starting her career with television guest appearances in the early 1990s, Williams achieved recognition for her role as Jen Lindley on the The WB television teen drama Dawson's Creek, which she played from 1998 to 2003. Williams graduated to full-length features, including Halloween H20: 20 Years Later, Dick, and Prozac Nation.\nFrom the 2000s, Williams appeared primarily in dramatic, independent films for which she has received critical acclaim. One of her career highlights was Brokeback Mountain, which earned Williams a Best Supporting Actress nomination from the Academy Awards for her role as the wife of Ennis Del Mar. She followed this with I'm Not There, Synecdoche, New York and Martin Scorsese's Shutter Island. Williams's performance as a drifter in 2008's Wendy and Lucy earned her critical praise and her work opposite Ryan Gosling in Blue Valentine garnered her a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actress. She won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in a Motion Picture Musical or Comedy for her portrayal of Marilyn Monroe in My Week with Marilyn, which also garnered her third Academy Award nomination.
/m/056jm_	The Grammy Award for Best Dance/Electronica Album is an award presented at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards, to recording artists for quality albums in the dance music and electronica genres. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position\".\nThis award was first presented to Basement Jaxx for the album Kish Kash under the name of Best Electronic/Dance Album in 2005 and received its current denomination Best Dance/Electronica Album following a restructure of the categories in 2012. According to the category description guide, the award is presented \"for albums containing at least 51% playing time of new vocal or instrumental electronica/dance recordings\". It is intended for \"groove-oriented recordings with electronic-based instrumentation\" and compilation or remixed recording albums are not eligible for this category.\nSkrillex, Daft Punk and The Chemical Brothers each received this award twice. The Chemical Brothers hold the record for most nominations with four. Since its inception both British acts and American acts have received this award four times.
/m/010tkc	Everett is the county seat of and the largest city in Snohomish County, Washington, United States. Named for Everett Colby, son of founder Charles L. Colby, it lies 25 miles north of Seattle. The city had a total population of 103,019 at the 2010 census, making it the 6th largest in the state and fifth-largest in the Puget Sound area. It received an All-America City Award in 2002.\nEverett is home to the largest public marina on the west coast of the United States and is the western terminus of the western segment of U.S. Route 2. It is also home to Boeing's assembly plant for the 747, 767, 777 and the new 787. Boeing's Everett facility is known for being the largest building in the world by volume at 116.5 million cubic feet.\nIn 1984, Everett was selected as the site of a U.S. Navy Homeport, Naval Station Everett. The Naval Station formally opened in 1992 and on January 8, 1997 welcomed the aircraft carrier USS Abraham Lincoln. The Lincoln is no longer homeported in Everett as of Winter, 2011. The aircraft carrier, USS Nimitz has replaced the Lincoln as Everett's homeported ship, as of March 9, 2012. Everett is also home to the Port of Everett, an international shipping port, that brings trade, commerce, jobs and recreational opportunities to the city.
/m/016sqs	George Harvey Strait is an American country music singer, actor, and music producer known as the \"King of Country\" and called an icon, living legend, and easily one of the most influential and popular recording artists of all time. He is known for his neotraditionalist country style, cowboy look, and being one of the first and main country artists to bring country music back to its roots and away from the pop country era in the 1980s.\nStrait's success began when his first single \"Unwound\" was a hit in 1981. During the 1980s, seven of his albums reached number one on the country charts. In the 2000s, Strait was named Artist of the Decade by the Academy of Country Music, was elected into the Country Music Hall of Fame, and won his first Grammy award for the album Troubadour. Strait was named CMA Entertainer of the Year in 1989, 1990 and 2013, and ACM Entertainer of the Year in 1990. He has been nominated for more CMA and ACM awards and has more wins in both categories than any other artist. In 2009, he broke Conway Twitty's previous record for the most number-one hits on Billboard's Hot Country Songs chart when his 44 number one singles surpassed Twitty's 40. Counting all music charts, Strait has amassed a total of 60 number-one hits, breaking a record also previously set by Twitty.
/m/0l6px	Dame Margaret Natalie \"Maggie\" Smith, DBE is an English actress. She made her stage debut in 1952 and has had an extensive, varied career in stage, film and television spanning over sixty years. Smith has appeared in over 50 films and is one of Britain's most recognisable actresses. In 1990, she was made a Dame for services to the performing arts by Queen Elizabeth II.\nShe first drew praise for the crime film Nowhere to Go, for which she received her first BAFTA Award nomination. Her 1965 film role as Desdemona, in William Shakespeare's Othello, earned her an Academy Award nomination and a Golden Globe nomination. Since then Smith has worked consistently in film, television and stage, establishing herself as one of the most respected British actresses.\nSmith is known for often playing snobbish and haughty characters. Her most notable films include The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie, Travels with My Aunt, Murder by Death, California Suite, Death on the Nile, Evil Under the Sun, A Private Function, A Room with a View, The Lonely Passion of Judith Hearne, Gosford Park and The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel. She has also appeared in a number of widely popular films, including Clash of the Titans, Hook, both Sister Act films, and as Professor Minerva McGonagall in the highly successful Harry Potter film series. She currently stars in the critically acclaimed drama Downton Abbey as Violet Crawley, the Dowager Countess of Grantham, for which she has won a Golden Globe, two Screen Actors Guild awards and two consecutive Emmy awards.
/m/0zrlp	The Borough of West Chester is the county seat of Chester County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 18,461 at the 2010 census.\nWest Chester University of Pennsylvania is located in the borough. Valley Forge, the Brandywine Battlefield, Marsh Creek State Park, and other historical attractions are nearby, as are Longwood Gardens, the Brandywine River Museum, and Christian C. Sanderson Museum.
/m/0gydcp7	Great Expectations is a 2012 drama film written by David Nicholls and directed by Mike Newell.
/m/0gl02yg	A Simple Life, also known as Sister Peach, is a 2012 Hong Kong drama film directed by Ann Hui and starring Andy Lau and Deanie Ip. Ip, in the titled role as Sister Peach, won the Best Actress Award at the 68th Venice International Film Festival. Originally, Ann Hui considered retiring after making this film. However, due to the film's success, Ann Hui changed her mind and is considering other projects.\nLau and Ip had not worked together since 1999's Prince Charming. Production of the film officially began during Chinese New Year. It was filmed in Mei Foo Sun Chuen. Production was wrapped on 6 April 2011 after two months of filming. The film competed in the 68th Venice International Film Festival. It was also selected as the Hong Kong entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 84th Academy Awards, but it did not make the final shortlist. A Simple Life was an official selection for competition at the 68th Venice International Film Festival, where it won 4 awards. Deanie Ip won the Volpi Cup for Best Actress for her role in this film. She is the first Hong Konger to win this prize. In March, she also became the first Hong Konger to win the Asian Film Award for Best Actress. At the same event, director Ann Hui has become the first female to win the Lifetime Achievement Award. At the 31st Hong Kong Film Awards Ceremony, A Simple Life won 5 major prizes, repeating what happened with Ann Hui's Summer Snow in 1996. Ann Hui has won Best Director more than anyone else at the Hong Kong Film Awards. Deanie Ip is the oldest Best Actress recipient.
/m/088lls	Spezia Calcio is an Italian football club, based in La Spezia, Liguria. Currently it plays in Serie B.
/m/02fqwt	The Central Time Zone is a time zone in parts of Canada, the United States, Mexico, Central America, some Caribbean Islands, and part of the Eastern Pacific Ocean. Time in the zone is six hours behind Coordinated Universal Time. During daylight saving time, time in the zone is five hours behind GMT. It is also commonly referred to as Central Standard Time CST or Chicago Standard Time. Any of these names are appropriate.
/m/0dmy0	Somerset is a ceremonial and non-metropolitan county in South West England. It borders Bristol and Gloucestershire to the north, Wiltshire to the east, Dorset to the south-east, and Devon to the south-west. It is partly bounded to the north and west by the Bristol Channel and the estuary of the River Severn. Its traditional northern border is the River Avon, but the administrative boundary has crept southwards with the creation and expansion of the City of Bristol, and latterly the county of Avon and its successor unitary authorities to the north. Somerset's county town, Taunton, is in the south.\nSomerset is a rural county of rolling hills such as the Blackdown Hills, Mendip Hills, Quantock Hills and Exmoor National Park, and large flat expanses of land including the Somerset Levels. There is evidence of human occupation from Palaeolithic times, and of subsequent settlement in the Roman and Anglo-Saxon periods. The county played a significant part in the consolidation of power and rise of King Alfred the Great, and later in the English Civil War and the Monmouth Rebellion.\nAgriculture is a major business in the county. Farming of sheep and cattle, including for wool and the county's famous cheeses, are traditional and contemporary, as is the more unusual cultivation of willow for basket weaving. Apple orchards were once plentiful, and Somerset is still known for the production of strong cider. Unemployment is lower than the national average; the largest employment sectors are retail, manufacturing, tourism, and health and social care. Population growth in the county is higher than the national average.
/m/01wyz92	Kimberly Denise Jones known by her stage name Lil' Kim, is an American rapper, singer-songwriter, record producer, model, and actress. She was born and raised in Brooklyn, New York, living much of her adolescent life on the streets after being expelled from home. In her teens, Kim would freestyle rap, heavily influenced by actress/singer Diana Ross, and fellow female hip-hop artists like MC Lyte and The Lady of Rage. Performing a freestyle rap for The Notorious B.I.G. got her music career start in 1995 with his group Junior M.A.F.I.A., whose debut album Conspiracy generated three hit singles.\nLil' Kim's debut studio album, Hard Core was certified Double Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America and spawned three consecutive No. 1 rap hits: \"No Time\", \"Not Tonight\", and \"Crush on You\", a record for a female rapper. Her following albums, The Notorious K.I.M. and La Bella Mafia, were certified Platinum, making her the only female rapper besides Missy Elliott to have at least 3 platinum albums. She was featured on the single, \"Lady Marmalade\", which also had guest vocals by fellow recording artists Mýa, Pink and Christina Aguilera which went to No. 1 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100, making her the first female rapper to have a No. 1 on that chart. In addition, the remake won two MTV Video Music Awards including Video of the Year, and a Grammy Award for Best Pop Collaboration with Vocals at the 44th Grammy Awards in 2002. In 2005, she served a year long prison sentence for lying to a jury about her friends' involvement in a shooting four years earlier. During her incarceration, her fourth album The Naked Truth was released. She returned to the public eye in 2009 with an appearance on Dancing with the Stars.
/m/02gjp	Damascus is the capital and the second largest city of Syria after Aleppo. Commonly known in Syria as ash-Sham and nicknamed as the City of Jasmine. In addition to being one of the oldest continuously inhabited cities in the world, Damascus is a major cultural and religious center of the Levant. The city has an estimated population of 1,711,000.\nLocated in southwestern Syria, Damascus is the center of a large metropolitan area of 2.6 million people. Geographically embedded on the eastern foothills of the Anti-Lebanon mountain range 80 kilometres inland from the eastern shore of the Mediterranean on a plateau 680 metres above sea-level, Damascus experiences a semi-arid climate due to the rain shadow effect. The Barada River flows through Damascus.\nFirst settled in the second millennium BC, it was chosen as the capital of the Umayyad Caliphate from 661 to 750. After the victory of the Abbasid dynasty, the seat of Islamic power was moved to Baghdad. Damascus saw a political decline throughout the Abbasid era, only to regain significant importance in the Ayyubid and Mamluk periods. During Ottoman rule, the city decayed completely while maintaining a certain cultural prestige. Today, it is the seat of the central government and all of the government ministries.
/m/07h76	The Clash were an English punk rock band that formed in 1976 as part of the original wave of British punk. Along with punk, their music incorporated elements of reggae, dub, funk, and rockabilly. For most of their recording career the Clash consisted of Joe Strummer, Mick Jones, Paul Simonon and Nicky \"Topper\" Headon. Headon left the group in 1982, and internal friction led to Jones' departure the following year. The group continued with new members, but finally disbanded in early 1986.\nThe Clash achieved commercial success in the United Kingdom with the release of their debut album, The Clash, in 1977. Their third album, London Calling, released in the UK in December 1979, brought them popularity in the United States when it came out there the following month. It was declared the best album of the 1980s a decade later by Rolling Stone magazine. In 1982 they reached new heights of success with the release of Combat Rock, which spawned the US top 10 hit \"Rock the Casbah\", helping the album to achieve a 2x Platinum certification there. Their final album, Cut the Crap, was released in 1985.\nThe Clash's politicised lyrics, musical experimentation, and rebellious attitude had a far-reaching influence on rock, alternative rock in particular. They became widely referred to as \"The Only Band That Matters\", originally a promotional slogan introduced by the group's record label, CBS. In January 2003, the band—including original drummer Terry Chimes—were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. In 2004, Rolling Stone ranked the Clash number 28 on their list of the 100 greatest artists of all time.
/m/07cyl	The Silence of the Lambs is a 1991 American thriller film that blends elements of the crime and horror genres. Directed by Jonathan Demme and starring Jodie Foster, Anthony Hopkins, and Scott Glenn, the film is based on Thomas Harris' 1988 novel of the same name, his second to feature Hannibal Lecter, a brilliant psychiatrist and cannibalistic serial killer.\nIn the film, Clarice Starling, a young U.S. FBI trainee, seeks the advice of the imprisoned Dr. Lecter to apprehend another serial killer, known only as \"Buffalo Bill\".\nThe Silence of the Lambs was released on February 14, 1991, and grossed $272.7 million worldwide against its $19 million budget. It was only the third film, the other two being It Happened One Night and One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, to win Academy Awards in all the top five categories: Best Picture, Best Actor, Best Actress, Best Director, and Best Writing. It is also the first Best Picture winner widely considered to be a horror film, and only the second such film to be nominated in the category, after The Exorcist in 1973. The film is considered \"culturally, historically or aesthetically\" significant by the U.S. Library of Congress and was selected to be preserved in the National Film Registry in 2011.
/m/01wqpnm	William Michael Albert Broad, known professionally as Billy Idol, is an English rock musician. A member of the Bromley Contingent of Sex Pistols fans, Idol first achieved fame in the punk rock era as a member of the band Generation X. He then embarked on a successful solo career, and was a member of the MTV-driven \"Second British Invasion\" of the United States. A series of music videos for songs such as \"Dancing With Myself\", \"White Wedding\", \"Rebel Yell\" and \"Eyes Without a Face\" made him one of the first MTV stars. Idol continues to tour with guitarist Steve Stevens.
/m/026036	Stuyvesant High School, commonly referred to as Stuy, is one of the nine Specialized High Schools in New York City. Operated by the New York City Department of Education, these schools offer tuition-free accelerated academics to city residents. The only way to be admitted into most of the Specialized High Schools, including Stuyvesant, is to take the Specialized High Schools Admissions Test. Stuyvesant traditionally holds the highest cutoff score out of the Specialized High Schools; each November, over 28,000 eighth and ninth graders take the 2¹⁄2-hour exam, and roughly 800 students are accepted annually.\nStuyvesant students undertake a college preparatory curriculum that includes English, history, biology, chemistry, physics, mathematics, foreign languages, two lab-based technology courses, and a semester each of introductory art, music, health, technical drawing, and computer science. Students can select from fifty-five Advanced Placement courses and over fifty electives, including ones about the mathematics of financial markets, system level programming, molecular biology, and science writing. Most students complete the New York City Regents curriculum by junior year and take calculus during their senior year, and the school offers math courses through differential equations for the more advanced students.
/m/03fbb6	Antonino Giovanni Ribisi, better known professionally as Giovanni Ribisi, is an American actor and producer who has appeared in over 40 films and 25 television shows. He currently stars on the Fox sitcom Dads.
/m/028r4y	Christopher John \"Topher\" Grace is an American actor. He is known for his portrayal of Eric Forman on the Fox sitcom That '70s Show, Eddie Brock/Venom in the Sam Raimi film Spider-Man 3, Carter Duryea in the film In Good Company and Edwin in the 2010 film Predators.
/m/02hmvw	TV Tokyo Corporation TYO: 9411 is a television station headquartered in Toranomon, Minato, Tokyo, Japan. Also known as \"Teleto\", a blend of \"terebi\" and \"Tokyo\", it is the key station of TX Network. It is one of the major Tokyo television stations, particularly specializing in anime. The station is partly owned by Nihon Keizai Shimbun.
/m/04cwcdb	Podlaskie Voivodeship is a voivodeship in northeastern Poland. It borders on Masovian Voivodeship to the west, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship to the northwest, Lublin Voivodeship to the south, the Belarussian Voblasts of Grodno and Brest to the east, the Lithuanian Counties of Alytus and Marijampolė to the northeast, and the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia to the north. Its capital is Białystok. It was created on January 1, 1999, out of the former Białystok and Łomża Voivodeships and the eastern half of the former Suwałki Voivodeship, pursuant to the Polish local government reforms adopted in 1998.
/m/01r216	Steven Moffat is a Scottish television writer and producer. Moffat's first television work was the teen drama series Press Gang. His first sitcom, Joking Apart, was inspired by the breakdown of his first marriage; conversely, his later sitcom Coupling was based upon the development of his relationship with television producer Sue Vertue. In between the two relationship-centred shows, he wrote Chalk, a sitcom set in a comprehensive school inspired by his own experience as an English teacher.\nA lifelong fan of Doctor Who, Moffat has written several episodes of the revived version and succeeded Russell T Davies as lead writer and executive producer when production of its fifth series began in 2009. He co-wrote The Adventures of Tintin for director Steven Spielberg, a project he left for his new senior role on Doctor Who. He co-created Sherlock, an adaptation of the Sherlock Holmes detective stories.\nMany of the programmes upon which he has worked have won awards, including four BAFTAs and four Hugo Awards. In 2012, he was awarded the BAFTA Special Award.
/m/019x62	Giovanni Giorgio Moroder is an influential Italian record producer, songwriter, performer and DJ.\nMoroder is frequently credited with pioneering synth disco and electronic dance music.\nWhen in Munich in the 1970s, he started his own record label called Oasis Records, which several years later became a subdivision of Casablanca Records. He collaborated with Donna Summer during the era of disco and is the founder of the former Musicland Studios in Munich, which was used as a recording studio by artists including the Electric Light Orchestra, Led Zeppelin, Queen and Elton John.\nIn addition to producing several hits with Donna Summer, Moroder also produced a number of electronic disco hits for The Three Degrees, two albums for Sparks, a handful of songs on Bonnie Tyler's album Bitterblue as well as her 1985 single \"Here She Comes\" and a score of songs for performers including David Bowie, Irene Cara, Madleen Kane, Melissa Manchester, Blondie, Japan, and France Joli.
/m/09k2t1	Jordin Brianna Sparks is an American singer-songwriter and actress. In 2007, she came to prominence after winning the sixth season of American Idol; at age 17, she became the youngest winner in the series' history. Her self-titled debut album was released later that year; it was certified platinum by the RIAA and has sold over two million copies worldwide. The album spawned US Billboard Hot 100 top ten singles \"Tattoo\" and \"No Air\"; the latter is currently the third highest-selling single by any American Idol contestant, selling over three million digital copies in the US. The song earned Sparks her first Grammy Award nomination for Best Pop Collaboration with Vocals.\nSparks' second album Battlefield debuted at number seven on the US Billboard 200. Its lead single \"Battlefield\" reached number 10 on the Billboard Hot 100, making Sparks the only American Idol contestant to have her first five singles reach the top twenty on the chart. The second single \"S.O.S.\" became Sparks' first number one on the US Hot Dance Club Play chart. Throughout her career, Sparks has won numerous awards, including a NAACP Image Awards, a BET Award, an American Music Award, a People's Choice Award and two Teen Choice Awards. In 2009, Billboard magazine ranked her as the 91st Artist of the 2000s Decade. In 2012, Sparks was ranked at number 92 on VH1's list of the \"100 Greatest Women in Music\". As of February 2012, she has sold 1.3 million albums and 10.2 million singles in the United States alone, making her one of the most successful American Idol contestants of all time.
/m/02rlj20	Bury My Heart at Wounded Knee is a 2007 television film adapted from the book of the same name by Dee Brown. The film was written by Daniel Giat, directed by Yves Simoneau and produced by HBO Films. The book on which the movie is based is a history of Native Americans in the American West in the 1860s and 1870s, focusing upon the transition from traditional ways of living to living on reservations and their treatment during that period. The title of the film and the book is taken from a line in the Stephen Vincent Benet poem \"American Names.\" It was shot in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.
/m/0dr7s	The War of the Austrian Succession involved most of the powers of Europe over the question of Maria Theresa's succession to the realms of the House of Habsburg. The war included King George's War in North America, the War of Jenkins' Ear, the First Carnatic War in India, and the First and Second Silesian Wars.\nThe war began under the pretext that Maria Theresa was ineligible to succeed to the Habsburg thrones of her father, Charles VI, because Salic law precluded royal inheritance by a woman—though in reality this was a convenient excuse put forward by Prussia and France to challenge Habsburg power. Austria was supported by Great Britain and the Dutch Republic, the traditional enemies of France, as well as the Kingdom of Sardinia and the Electorate of Saxony. France and Prussia were allied with the Electorate of Bavaria.\nSpain, which had been at war with Britain over colonies and trade ever since 1739, entered the war on the Continent to re-establish its influence in northern Italy, further reversing an Austrian dominance over the Italian peninsula that had been achieved at Spain's expense as a consequence of Spain's war of succession earlier in the 18th century.
/m/065z3_x	Secretariat is a 2010 biographical sports drama film produced and released by Walt Disney Pictures and directed by Randall Wallace. The film chronicles the life of thoroughbred race horse Secretariat, winner of the Triple Crown in 1973. Diane Lane portrays Secretariat's owner, Penny Chenery, and John Malkovich plays the trainer, Lucien Laurin.\nFilming took place on location in Louisville and Lexington, Kentucky, and around Lafayette, Louisiana and Carencro, Louisiana. The film was released on October 8, 2010. It has since received generally positive reviews.
/m/04zx08r	The Director of the Year of the Japan Academy Prize is one of the annual Awards given by the Nippon Academy-sho association.
/m/0g51l1	Arthur Gardner Rankin, Jr. was an American director, producer and writer, who mostly worked in animation. A part of Rankin/Bass Productions with his partner Jules Bass, he created stop-motion animation features such as Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer and the 1977 cartoon animation of The Hobbit. He is credited on over 1,000 television programs.
/m/0gfw56	Liberty Professionals Football Club is a Ghanaian professional football club based in Dansoman, Accra. The club are currently competing in the Glo Premier League.
/m/033tln	Eric Stoltz is an American actor, director and producer. He is known for playing the role of Rocky Dennis in the biographical drama film Mask, which earned him the nomination for a Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor in a Motion Picture, and has appeared in a wide variety of films from mainstream fare like Some Kind of Wonderful to independent films like Pulp Fiction, Killing Zoe, and Kicking and Screaming. He recently portrayed Daniel Graystone in the science fiction television series Caprica, and became a regular director on the television series, Glee.
/m/02wbm	Food is any substance consumed to provide nutritional support for the body. It is usually of plant or animal origin, and contains essential nutrients, such as carbohydrates, fats, proteins, vitamins, or minerals. The substance is ingested by an organism and assimilated by the organism's cells in an effort to produce energy, maintain life, or stimulate growth.\nHistorically, people secured food through two methods: hunting and gathering, and agriculture. Today, most of the food energy consumed by the world population is supplied by the food industry.\nFood safety and food security are monitored by agencies like the International Association for Food Protection, World Resources Institute, World Food Programme, Food and Agriculture Organization, and International Food Information Council. They address issues such as sustainability, biological diversity, climate change, nutritional economics, population growth, water supply, and access to food.\nThe right to food is a human right derived from the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, recognizing the \"right to an adequate standard of living, including adequate food,\" as well as the \"fundamental right to be free from hunger.\"
/m/07ss8_	Christopher Maurice \"Chris\" Brown is an American recording artist, dancer, and actor. Born in Tappahannock, Virginia, he taught himself to sing and dance at a young age and was involved in his church choir and several local talent shows. Having signed with Jive Records in 2004, Brown released his self-titled debut studio album the following year. It peaked at number two on the US Billboard 200 and was later certified double platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America. With his first single \"Run It!\" peaking atop the US Billboard Hot 100, Brown became the first male artist as a lead since Diddy in 1997 to have his debut single top the chart. His second album Exclusive spawned his second Hot 100 number one \"Kiss Kiss\", in addition to \"With You\" and \"Forever\". The album was also certified double platinum by the RIAA.\nIn 2009, Brown received much media attention after pleading guilty to felony assault of singer and his then-girlfriend Rihanna; he was sentenced to five years of probation and six months of community service. His third album Graffiti was released later that year, and included the top-twenty single \"I Can Transform Ya\". Brown's fourth album F.A.M.E. became his first to top the Billboard 200; it spawned hit singles \"Yeah 3x\", \"Look at Me Now\", and \"Beautiful People\". F.A.M.E. earned Brown his first Grammy Award for Best R&B Album at the 54th Grammy Awards. His fifth album Fortune was released in 2012. However, after the release of Exclusive, Brown's albums have not been well received by music critics.
/m/01lfvj	Cremona is a city and comune in northern Italy, situated in Lombardy, on the left bank of the Po River in the middle of the Pianura Padana. It is the capital of the province of Cremona and the seat of the local city and province governments. The city of Cremona is especially noted for its musical history and traditions, including some of the earliest and most renowned luthiers, such as Guarneri and Stradivari and several members of the Amati family.
/m/02x8mt	John Buscema, born Giovanni Natale Buscema, was an American comic-book artist and one of the mainstays of Marvel Comics during its 1960s and 1970s ascendancy into an industry leader and its subsequent expansion to a major pop culture conglomerate. His younger brother Sal Buscema is also a comic-book artist.\nBuscema is best known for his run on the series The Avengers and The Silver Surfer, and for over 200 stories featuring the sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. In addition, he pencilled at least one issue of nearly every major Marvel title, including long runs on two of the company's top magazines Fantastic Four and Thor.\nHe was inducted into the Will Eisner Comic Book Hall of Fame in 2002.
/m/0b_6zk	The 1996 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament involved 64 schools playing in single-elimination play to determine the national champion of men's NCAA Division I college basketball. It began on March 14, 1996, and ended with the championship game on April 1 at Continental Airlines Arena in the Meadowlands Sports Complex in East Rutherford, New Jersey. A total of 63 games were played.\nThe Final Four venue was notable for two reasons:\nThis marked the first time that the NCAA finals had been held in Greater New York since 1950.\nThis was also the last Final Four to be held in a basketball/hockey-specific facility. Every Final Four since has been held in a domed stadium because of NCAA venue capacity requirements. Therefore, this was also the last time the NCAA finals have been held in the Greater New York area.\nThe Final Four consisted of Kentucky, making their first appearance in the Final Four since 1993 and eleventh overall, Massachusetts, making their first ever appearance in the Final Four, Syracuse, making their third appearance in the Final Four and first since 1987, and Mississippi State, also making their first appearance.
/m/0fnc_	Freetown is the capital and largest city of Sierra Leone. It is a major port city in the Atlantic Ocean and is located in the Western Area of the country. Freetown is Sierra Leone's major urban, economic, financial, cultural, educational and political centre. The city proper had a population of 772,873 at the 2004 census, As of 2010, the population of Freetown is estimated at 1.2 million. The city's economy revolves largely around its harbor - occupying a part of the estuary of the Sierra Leone River in one of the world's largest natural deep water harbours. Its twin-town/sister city is Hull in England.\nAs the capital of Sierra Leone, Freetown is home to the Sierra Leone House of Parliament, the Supreme Court of Sierra Leone and the State House, the official and principal workplace of the President of Sierra Leone. All of the foreign embassies in Sierra Leone are based in the city.\nFreetown has an abundance of historical landmarks connected to its founding by African-Americans, liberated African, and West Indians slaves. Freetown is home to the Fourah Bay College, the oldest university in West Africa, founded in 1827. The university not only played a key role in Sierra Leone’s colonial history, but also a key role in the history of the English-speaking West-African nations.
/m/07jnt	The Shawshank Redemption is a 1994 American drama film written and directed by Frank Darabont and starring Tim Robbins and Morgan Freeman.\nAdapted from the Stephen King novella Rita Hayworth and Shawshank Redemption, the film tells the story of Andy Dufresne, a banker who spends 19 years in Shawshank State Prison for the murder of his wife and her lover despite his claims of innocence. During his time at the prison, he befriends a fellow inmate, Ellis Boyd \"Red\" Redding, and finds himself protected by the guards after the warden begins using him in his money laundering operation.\nDespite a lukewarm box office reception that barely recouped its budget, the film received multiple award nominations and favorable reviews from critics for its acting and realism. It has since enjoyed a remarkable life on cable television, VHS, DVD, and Blu-ray. It was included in the American Film Institute's 100 Years...100 Movies 10th Anniversary Edition.
/m/018_7x	Jena is the second largest city in Thuringia, Germany, located 70 kilometres SW of Leipzig, 170 km N of Nuremberg and 150 km W of Dresden. Together with the neighbour-cities Erfurt and Weimar it forms the central metropolitan area of Thuringia with approximately 500,000 inhabitants, while the city itself has a population of nearly 110,000. Jena is a centre of education and research; the Friedrich Schiller University was founded in 1558 and has 21,000 students today and the Ernst-Abbe-Fachhochschule Jena counts another 5,000 students. Furthermore, there are many institutes of the leading German research societies.\nJena was first mentioned in 1182 and stayed a small town until 19th century, when industry developed. During most of the 20th century, Jena has been a world centre of optical industry around companies like Carl Zeiss, Schott and Jenoptik. As one of only few medium cities in Germany, it has some high-rise buildings in city centre, like Jen Tower. Those have their origin also in the former Carl Zeiss factory. Between 1790 and 1850, Jena was a focal point of German Vormärz as well as of studental liberal and unification movement and German Romanticism. Notable persons of this period in Jena are Friedrich Schiller, Johann Gottlieb Fichte, Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel, Novalis and August Wilhelm Schlegel.
/m/0vrmb	Dearborn is a city in the state of Michigan. It is located in Wayne County and is part of the Detroit metropolitan area. Dearborn is the eighth largest city in the State of Michigan. As of the 2010 census, it had a population of 98,153. First settled in the late 18th century by French farmers in a series of ribbon farms along the Rouge River and the Sauk Trail, the community grew with the establishment of the Detroit Arsenal on the Chicago Road linking Detroit and Chicago. It later grew into a manufacturing hub for the automotive industry.\nThe city was the home of Henry Ford and is the world headquarters of the Ford Motor Company. It has a campus of the University of Michigan as well as Henry Ford Community College. Dearborn has The Henry Ford, America's largest indoor-outdoor museum complex and Metro Detroit's leading tourist attraction.\nDearborn residents are primarily of European or Middle Eastern heritage. German, Polish, Irish and Italian are the primary European ethnicities. Middle Eastern ancestries make up the largest ethnic grouping with Lebanese, Yemeni, Iraqi, Syrian and Palestinian groups present.
/m/01vzxld	Sheena Easton is a Scottish international recording artist and stage and TV/film actress. Easton first came into the public eye as the focus of an episode in the first British reality television programme The Big Time: Pop Singer, which recorded her attempts to gain a record contract and her eventual signing with EMI Records.\nIn the UK, Easton became the third UK female solo artist ever to top the US Hot 100, following Petula Clark, and Lulu. Easton sold 1 gold single for, 1 Silver and 1 gold album in her native homeland. She scored 3 top 40 albums and 8 top 40 singles to date. Easton's 1980 debut singles, \"Modern Girl\" and \" 9 to 5,\" entered into the UK top ten, making her the first UK female artist to appear twice in the same top ten.\nIn the United States, Easton is a two-time Grammy Award winner with 5 additional Grammy nominations, 1 Oscar nomination, and sold 7 US Gold albums and 1 US Platinum and sold over 4 million albums in the US alone, and over 20 million records worldwide. She has recorded 16 studio albums, released 45 singles, and has 15 Top 40 hits on the US Billboard Hot 100 and 25 top 40 hits in international territories around the world. In Canada, Easton scored 3 gold and 2 platinum albums.
/m/04jwly	Far from Heaven is a 2002 American drama film written and directed by Todd Haynes and starring Julianne Moore, Dennis Quaid, Dennis Haysbert, and Patricia Clarkson.\nThe film tells the story of Cathy Whitaker, a 1950s housewife, living in suburban Connecticut as she sees her seemingly perfect life begin to fall apart. It is done in the style of a Douglas Sirk film, dealing with complex contemporary issues such as race, gender roles, sexual orientation and class.\nThe film, which received extremely positive critical reviews, was nominated for several Academy Awards: for Best Actress in a Leading Role, Best Original Screenplay, Best Cinematography, and Best Original Score.
/m/021bp2	A simulation video game describes a diverse super-category of video games, generally designed to closely simulate aspects of a real or fictional reality.
/m/0hcvy	Henry Graham Greene, OM, CH, was an English writer, playwright and literary critic. His works explore the ambivalent moral and political issues of the modern world. Greene was noted for his ability to combine serious literary acclaim with widespread popularity.\nAlthough Greene objected strongly to being described as a Roman Catholic novelist rather than as a novelist who happened to be Catholic, Catholic religious themes are at the root of much of his writing, especially the four major Catholic novels: Brighton Rock, The Power and the Glory, The Heart of the Matter and The End of the Affair. Several works such as The Confidential Agent, The Third Man, The Quiet American, Our Man in Havana and The Human Factor also show an avid interest in the workings of international politics and espionage.\nGreene suffered from bipolar disorder, which had a profound effect on his writing and personal life. In a letter to his wife Vivien, he told her that he had \"a character profoundly antagonistic to ordinary domestic life\", and that \"unfortunately, the disease is also one's material\". William Golding described Greene as \"the ultimate chronicler of twentieth-century man's consciousness and anxiety.\" Greene never received the Nobel Prize in Literature, though he finished runner-up to Ivo Andrić in 1961.
/m/0fc32	Ontario County is a county located in the U.S. state of New York. As of the 2010 census, the population was 107,931. The county seat is the City of Canandaigua.\nOntario County is part of the Rochester, NY Metropolitan Statistical Area.\nIn 2006, Progressive Farmer rated Ontario County as the \"Best Place to Live\" in the U.S., for its \"great schools, low crime, excellent health care\" and its proximity to Rochester.
/m/0d7k1z	Irvine is an affluent suburban city in Orange County, California, United States. It is a planned city, mainly developed by the Irvine Company since the 1960s. Formally incorporated on December 28, 1971, the 66 square miles city has a population of 212,375 as of the 2010 census; the California Department of Finance estimates its 2013 population to be 223,729. It has annexed in the past an undeveloped area to the north, and has also annexed the former El Toro Marine Corps Air Station, most of which is planned to be converted into the Orange County Great Park. The city's mission statement is \"to create and maintain a community where people can live, work, and play in an environment that is safe, vibrant, and aesthetically pleasing.\"\nBecause Irvine has good schools, jobs, and housing, Irvine was chosen in 2008 by CNNMoney.com as the fourth best place to live in the United States. In 2012, it was ranked in sixth place. In September 2011, Businessweek listed Irvine as the 5th best city in the US. In June 2010, the Federal Bureau of Investigation reported that Irvine had the lowest violent crime rate among cities in the United States with populations of more than 100,000, and in August 2008 the Census Bureau ranked Irvine as having the seventh highest median income among cities in the United States with populations of more than 65,000. In 2014, Irvine was named the best run city in America by 24/7 Wall Street. Although Mercedes-Benz USA is headquartered in Montvale, New Jersey, the company selected Irvine for the second Mercedes-Benz Classic Center, which opened in June 2006.
/m/0ky6d	Pan American World Airways, commonly known as Pan Am, was the principal and largest international air carrier in the United States from 1927 until its collapse on December 4, 1991. Founded in 1927 as a scheduled air mail and passenger service operating between Key West, Florida, and Havana, Cuba, the airline became a major company credited with many innovations that shaped the international airline industry, including the widespread use of jet aircraft, jumbo jets, and computerized reservation systems. It was also a founding member of the International Air Transport Association, the global airline industry association. Identified by its blue globe logo, the use of the word \"Clipper\" in aircraft names and call signs, and the white pilot uniform caps, the airline was a cultural icon of the 20th century. In an era dominated by flag carriers that were wholly or majority government-owned, it was also the unofficial flag carrier of the United States. During most of the jet era, Pan Am's flagship terminal was the Worldport located at John F. Kennedy Airport in New York.
/m/02c98m	Nagpur is the largest city in central India and the sub capital of the state of Maharashtra.It has been cited as one of the future global cities. Nagpur is a fast growing metropolis and is the third most populous city in Maharashtra after Mumbai and Pune, and also one of the country's most industrialized cities. It is the 13th most populous city and 13th largest urban agglomeration in India.\nNagpur is the seat of the annual winter session of the Maharashtra state assembly, \"Vidhan Sabha\". Nagpur is a major commercial and political center of the Vidarbha region of Maharashtra. In addition, the city derives political importance from being the headquarters for the Hindu nationalist organisation RSS and an important location for the Dalit Buddhist movement.\nAccording to a survey by ABP News-Ipsos, Nagpur has been identified as the best city in India by topping the liveability, greenery, public transport, and health care indices. Nagpur has the best literacy rate,93.13%,among cities with more than 20 lacs population in India. It is famous for the Nagpur Orange and is known as the \"Orange City\" for being a major trade center of oranges cultivated in the region.
/m/0fpmrm3	Take Shelter is a 2011 American drama-thriller film written and directed by Jeff Nichols and starring Michael Shannon and Jessica Chastain. Plagued by a series of apocalyptic visions, a young husband and father questions whether to shelter his family from a coming storm, or from himself. It was nominated for four Saturn Awards including Best Horror or Thriller Film and Best Actress for Chastain, and won Best Writing for Nichols and Best Actor for Shannon.
/m/0fkh6	Orange County is a county located in the U.S. state of New York. It is part of the Poughkeepsie–Newburgh–Middletown, NY Metropolitan Statistical Area and is located at the northern reaches of the New York metropolitan area. The county is in the state's Mid-Hudson Region of the Hudson Valley. It was named in honor of William III of Orange, who was greatly esteemed by the English settlers of the region.\nAs of the 2010 census, the population was 372,813. The County Executive is Steve Neuhaus, and the county seat is Goshen. The center of population of New York is located in Orange County, in Deerpark.
/m/06wcbk7	Universal Motown Records was a record label that operated as a division of Universal Motown Republic Group. It was the contemporary incarnation of the legendary Motown Records label, and the \"urban\" half of UMRG, although there was some rock artists on the label as well.
/m/0dg3jz	Charles LeMaire was an American costume designer. He was born in Chicago.\nLeMaire's early career was as a vaudeville performer, but he became a costume designer for such Broadway productions as Ziegfeld Follies and The Five O'Clock Girl. By 1925 he turned to the movies. LeMaire was instrumental in persuading the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences to institute a costume design Oscar. In a career spanning 37 years and nearly 300 films, he earned a total of four Academy Awards and an additional 12 nominations.\nLeMaire died of heart failure in 1985.
/m/01vs_v8	Madonna Louise Ciccone is an American singer-songwriter, actress and entrepreneur. One of the world's greatest cultural icons for over three decades, she has achieved an unprecedented level of power and control for a woman in the entertainment industry. Madonna is known for continuously reinventing both her music and image, and for retaining a standard of autonomy within the recording industry. She attained immense popularity by pushing the boundaries of lyrical content in mainstream popular music and imagery in her music videos, which became a fixture on MTV. Music critics have praised her diverse and innovative musical productions which have also been known to induce controversy. Cited as an influence among numerous artists around the world, she is often referred to as the \"Queen of Pop\".\nBorn in Bay City, Michigan, Madonna moved to New York City in 1977 to pursue a career in modern dance. After performing in the music groups Breakfast Club and Emmy in the late 1970s and early 1980s, she signed with Sire Records in 1982 and released her self-titled debut album the following year. She followed it with a series of commercially successful albums, including the Grammy Award winners Ray of Light and Confessions on a Dance Floor. Throughout her career, she has written and produced most of her songs, with many of them have hit number one on the record charts, including \"Like a Virgin\", \"Into the Groove\", \"Papa Don't Preach\", \"Like a Prayer\", \"Vogue\", \"Frozen\", \"Music\", \"Hung Up\", and \"4 Minutes\".
/m/03h610	Carter Benedict Burwell is an American composer of film scores.
/m/01d30f	A teacher is a person who provides education for pupils and students. The role of teacher is often formal and ongoing, carried out at a school or other place of formal education. In many countries, a person who wishes to become a teacher must first obtain specified professional qualifications or credentials from a university or college. These professional qualifications may include the study of pedagogy, the science of teaching. Teachers, like other professionals, may have to continue their education after they qualify, a process known as continuing professional development. Teachers may use a lesson plan to facilitate student learning, providing a course of study which is called the curriculum.\nA teacher's role may vary among cultures. Teachers may provide instruction in literacy and numeracy, craftsmanship or vocational training, the arts, religion, civics, community roles, or life skills.\nA teacher who facilitates education for an individual may also be described as a personal tutor, or, largely historically, a governess.\nIn some countries, formal education can take place through home schooling. Informal learning may be assisted by a teacher occupying a transient or ongoing role, such as a family member, or by anyone with knowledge or skills in the wider community setting.
/m/075pwf	Decanoic acid, or capric acid, is a saturated fatty acid. Its formula is CH3(CH2)8COOH. Salts and esters of decanoic acid are called decanoates or \"caprates\". The term capric acid arises from the Latin \"capric\" which pertains to goats due to their olfactory similarities.\nCapric acid occurs naturally in coconut oil and palm kernel oil, otherwise it is uncommon in typical seed oils. It is found in the milk of various mammals and to a lesser extent in other animal fats.\nTwo other acids are named after goats: caproic and caprylic. Along with decanoic acid, these total 15% in goat milk fat.
/m/02mpb	Edgar Rice Burroughs was an American writer, best known for his creations of the jungle hero Tarzan and the heroic Mars adventurer John Carter, although he produced works in many genres.
/m/025jbj	Vincente Minnelli was an American stage director and film director, famous for directing such classic movie musicals as Meet Me in St. Louis, The Band Wagon, and An American in Paris. In addition to having directed some of the most famous and well-remembered musicals of his time, Minnelli made many comedies and melodramas. He was married to Judy Garland from 1945 until 1951; they were the parents of Liza Minnelli.
/m/058vy5	The American Book Award is an American literary award that annually recognizes a set of books and people for \"outstanding literary achievement\". According to the 2010 awards press release, it is \"a writers' award given by other writers\" and \"there are no categories, no nominees, and therefore no losers.\"\nThe Award is administered by the Before Columbus Foundation, which established it in 1978 and inaugurated it in 1980, recognizing a list of eight 1979 publications. Almost every Award recognizes a particular work by an American author without restriction to race, sex, ethnic background, or genre. In 2000 there were two Lifetime Achievement awards, one Editor award, and one Journalism award. There have been several subsequent awards for lifetime achievement and a few to editors.
/m/0m32_	Jonathan Scott Frakes is an American actor, author and director. Frakes is best known for his portrayal of Commander William T. Riker in the television series Star Trek: The Next Generation and subsequent films. Frakes also hosted the television series Beyond Belief: Fact or Fiction, challenging viewers to discern his stories of fact-based phenomena and fabricated tales. In June 2011, Frakes narrated the History Channel documentary Lee and Grant. He was also the voice actor of David Xanatos in the Disney television series Gargoyles.\nFrakes directed and also starred in Star Trek: First Contact as well as Star Trek: Insurrection. He is also the author of a book called The Abductors: Conspiracy.
/m/0j6x8	Indigenous Australians are the original inhabitants of the Australian continent and nearby islands. Indigenous Australians migrated from Africa to Asia around 70,000 years ago and arrived in Australia around 50,000 years ago. The Torres Strait Islanders are indigenous to the Torres Strait Islands, which are at the northernmost tip of Queensland near Papua New Guinea. The term \"Aboriginal\" is traditionally applied to only the indigenous inhabitants of mainland Australia and Tasmania, along with some of the adjacent islands, i.e.: the \"first peoples\". Indigenous Australians is an inclusive term used when referring to both Aboriginal and Torres Strait islanders.\nThe earliest definite human remains found to date are that of Mungo Man, which have been dated at about 40,000 years old. However, the time of arrival of the ancestors of Indigenous Australians is a matter of debate among researchers, with estimates dating back as far as 125,000 years ago. There is great diversity among different Indigenous communities and societies in Australia, each with its own unique mixture of cultures, customs and languages. In present-day Australia these groups are further divided into local communities.
/m/06wzvr	Can't Stop the Music is a 1980 American musical comedy film directed by Nancy Walker. It is a pseudo-biography of disco's Village People which bears only a vague resemblance to the actual story of the group's formation. It was produced by Thorn EMI Screen Entertainment, and distributed by independent distributor Associated Film Distribution.\nCan't Stop the Music is notorious for being the first winner of the Worst Picture Golden Raspberry Award, for it was a double feature of this and Xanadu that inspired John J. B. Wilson to start the Razzies.
/m/04r1t	Lynyrd Skynyrd is an American rock band best known for popularizing the southern hard-rock genre during the 1970s. Originally formed in 1964 as the The Noble Five in Jacksonville, Florida, the band rose to worldwide recognition on the basis of its driving live performances and signature tunes \"Sweet Home Alabama\" and \"Free Bird\". At the peak of their success, three members died in an airplane crash in 1977, putting an abrupt end to the band's most popular incarnation.\nThe surviving band members re-formed in 1987 for a reunion tour with lead vocalist Johnny Van Zant, the younger brother of lead singer and founder Ronnie Van Zant. The re-formed band continues to tour and record with co-founding member Gary Rossington and core members Johnny Van Zant, along with guitarist Rickey Medlocke, who recorded with the band for a short time in the early 1970s. Drummer Michael Cartellone has recorded and toured with the band since 1999. Lynyrd Skynyrd was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame on March 13, 2006.
/m/0cgs4	Wallachia or Walachia is a historical and geographical region of Romania. It is situated north of the Danube and south of the Southern Carpathians. Wallachia is traditionally divided into two sections, Muntenia and Oltenia. Wallachia as a whole is sometimes referred to as Muntenia through identification with the larger of the two traditional sections.\nWallachia was founded as a principality in the early 14th century by Basarab I, after a rebellion against Charles I of Hungary, although the first mention of the territory of Wallachia west of the river Olt dates to a charter given to the voievod Seneslau in 1246 by Béla IV of Hungary. In 1417, Wallachia accepted the suzerainty of the Ottoman Empire; this lasted until the 19th century, albeit with brief periods of Russian occupation between 1768 and 1854. In 1859, Wallachia united with Moldavia, to form the basis of the modern state of Romania, with Transylvania joining 59 years later to form the new Kingdom of Romania which was first established 1881.
/m/03czrpj	Roadside Attractions is a US film distributor based in Los Angeles, California, founded in 2003, specializing largely in independent films. Lions Gate Entertainment bought a 43% stake in Roadside in 2007.
/m/017cw	The Byzantine Empire was the predominantly Greek-speaking continuation of the Roman Empire during Late Antiquity and the Middle Ages. Its capital city was Constantinople, originally known as Byzantium. Initially the eastern half of the Roman Empire, it survived the 5th century fragmentation and fall of the Western Roman Empire and continued to exist for an additional thousand years until it fell to the Ottoman Turks in 1453. During most of its existence, the empire was the most powerful economic, cultural, and military force in Europe. Both \"Byzantine Empire\" and \"Eastern Roman Empire\" are historiographical terms applied in later centuries; its citizens continued to refer to their empire as the Roman Empire, and Romania.\nSeveral events from the 4th to 6th centuries mark the transitional period during which the Roman Empire's east and west divided. In 285, the emperor Diocletian partitioned the Roman Empire's administration into eastern and western halves. Between 324 and 330, Constantine I transferred the main capital from Rome to Byzantium, later known as Constantinople and Nova Roma. Under Theodosius I, Christianity became the Empire's official state religion and others such as Roman polytheism were proscribed. And finally, under the reign of Heraclius, the Empire's military and administration were restructured and adopted Greek for official use instead of Latin. In summary, while it maintained Roman state traditions, Byzantium is distinguished from ancient Rome proper insofar as it was oriented towards Greek rather than Latin culture, and characterised by Orthodox Christianity rather than Roman polytheism.
/m/0fkhl	Oswego County is a county located in the U.S. state of New York. As of the 2010 census, the population was 122,109. The City of Oswego serves as the county seat. The county name is from the Mohawk language word meaning \"the outpouring\", referring to the mouth of the Oswego River.\nOswego County is part of the Syracuse, New York Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/02_286	New York is the most populous city in the United States and the center of the New York metropolitan area, one of the most populous urban agglomerations in the world. The city is referred to as New York City or the City of New York to distinguish it from the State of New York, of which it is a part. A global power city, New York exerts a significant impact upon commerce, finance, media, art, fashion, research, technology, education, and entertainment. The home of the United Nations Headquarters, New York is an important center for international diplomacy and has been described as the cultural capital of the world.\nOn one of the world's largest natural harbors, New York City consists of five boroughs, each of which is a county of New York State. The five boroughs—The Bronx, Brooklyn, Manhattan, Queens, and Staten Island—were consolidated into a single city in 1898. With a census-estimated 2012 population of 8,336,697 distributed over a land area of just 302.64 square miles, New York is the most densely populated major city in the United States. As many as 800 languages are spoken in New York, making it the most linguistically diverse city in the world. By 2012 census estimates, the New York Metropolitan Area's population remains by a significant margin the United States' largest Metropolitan Statistical Area, with approximately 19.8 million people, and is also part of the most populous Combined Statistical Area in the United States, containing an estimated 23.4 million people.
/m/0b22w	James Abram Garfield served as the 20th President of the United States, after completing nine consecutive terms in the U.S. House of Representatives.\nGarfield's accomplishments as President included a controversial resurgence of Presidential authority above Senatorial courtesy in executive appointments; energizing U.S. naval power; and purging corruption in the Post Office Department. Garfield made notable diplomatic and judiciary appointments, including a U.S. Supreme Court justice. Garfield appointed several African-Americans to prominent federal positions. As President, Garfield advocated a bi-metal monetary system, agricultural technology, an educated electorate, and civil rights for African-Americans. He proposed substantial civil service reform, eventually passed by Congress in 1883 and signed into law by his successor, Chester A. Arthur, as the Pendleton Civil Service Reform Act.\nGarfield's presidency lasted just 200 days—from March 4, 1881, until his death on September 19, 1881, as a result of being shot by assassin Charles J. Guiteau on July 2, 1881. Only William Henry Harrison's presidency, of 31 days, was shorter. Garfield was the second of four United States Presidents who were assassinated.
/m/02lg9w	Aida Turturro is an American actress best known for playing Janice Soprano, sister of New Jersey mob boss Tony Soprano, on the HBO TV series The Sopranos.
/m/07rnh	The Fall are an English post-punk band, formed in 1976 in Prestwich, Greater Manchester. With an ever-changing line up, the group essentially consists of its founder and only constant member, Mark E. Smith. The singer is famously dismissive of musicians ans when asked about the high turnover of Fall members said \"if it's me and your granny on bongos, then it's [the] Fall\". First associated with the late 1970s punk movement, the band's music has evolved through numerous stylistic changes, often concurrently with changes in the group's membership. The Fall's music is characterised by repetition and an abrasive guitar-driven sound, and is always underpinned by Smith's typically cryptic lyrics, described by Steve Huey as \"abstract poetry filled with complicated wordplay, bone-dry wit, cutting social observations and general misanthropy.\"\nThe Fall have released thirty studio albums as of 2013, and more than triple that when live albums and compilations are taken into account. While the Fall has never achieved widespread success beyond a minor hits singles in the late 1980s, they have a maintained a strong cult following. They were long associated with BBC disc jockey John Peel, who championed them from early on in their career. Peel described the Fall as his favourite band, whome he said were, \"always different... always the same.\"
/m/04gknr	Rules of Engagement is a 2000 American war-drama film directed by William Friedkin and starring Tommy Lee Jones and Samuel L. Jackson. Jackson plays U.S. Marine Colonel Terry Childers, who is brought to court-martial after men under Childers' orders kill a large number of civilians outside the U.S. embassy in Yemen.\nJames Webb, to whom the story is credited, is a former U.S. Marine combat officer, lawyer and U.S. Secretary of the Navy. Webb later served as a U.S. Senator from Virginia.
/m/02_t2t	Rufus McGarrigle Wainwright is an American-Canadian singer-songwriter and composer. He has recorded seven albums of original music and numerous tracks on compilations and film soundtracks. He has also written a classical opera and set Shakespeare sonnets to music for a theater piece by Robert Wilson.
/m/096jwc	Lo-fi is lower quality of sound recordings than the usual standard for music. The qualities of lo-fi are usually achieved by either degrading the quality of the recorded audio, or using certain equipment. Recent uses of the phrase have led to it becoming a genre, although it still remains as an aesthetic in music recording practice. Many lo-fi artists use inexpensive cassette tape recorders. The term was adopted by WFMU DJ William Berger who dedicated a half hour segment of his program to home recorded music throughout the late '80s under the name lo-fi.
/m/0_565	Williamsport is a city in and the county seat of Lycoming County, Pennsylvania in the United States. In 2009, the population was estimated at 29,304. It is the principal city of the Williamsport, Pennsylvania Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is included in the Williamsport-Lock Haven, Pennsylvania Combined Statistical Area of 119,000 people.\nWilliamsport is the birthplace of Little League Baseball. Neighboring South Williamsport is the headquarters of Little League Baseball and annually hosts the Little League World Series in late summer.
/m/016nff	Julia Mary \"Julie\" Walters, CBE is an English actress and novelist. She came to international prominence for playing the title role in Educating Rita. It was a role she had created on the West End stage, and it won her BAFTA and Golden Globe awards for Best Actress she also won an Olivier Award for Best Actress in 2001 for her performance in \"for All my Son's\".\nShe is best known internationally for her on-screen characterisation of Molly Weasley in seven of the eight Harry Potter films. In 2006, she came fourth in ITV's poll of the public's 50 Greatest Stars in the UK. She is also well known for her collaborations with Victoria Wood, such as appearing with her in the award-winning sitcoms Victoria Wood As Seen On TV and Dinnerladies.
/m/0c9l1	Korn is an American nu metal band from Bakersfield, California, formed in 1993. The band's current lineup includes five members: Jonathan Davis, James \"Munky\" Shaffer, Brian \"Head\" Welch, Reginald \"Fieldy\" Arvizu, and Ray Luzier. Korn was originally formed by three of the members of the band L.A.P.D.\nKorn released their first demo album, Neidermayer's Mind, in 1993. The band later went on to release their self-titled debut album in 1994, followed by Life Is Peachy in 1996. The band experienced mainstream success with Follow the Leader and Issues, both of which debuted at number one on the Billboard 200. The band's mainstream success continued with Untouchables and Take a Look in the Mirror.\nA compilation album, Greatest Hits Vol. 1, was released in 2004, spanning a decade of singles and concluding the band's recording contract with Immortal Records and Epic Records. They signed to Virgin Records, releasing See You on the Other Side in 2005, and an untitled album in 2007. Korn's other recent albums, Korn III: Remember Who You Are and The Path of Totality, were released via Roadrunner Records, with the latest album The Paradigm Shift being released via Prospect Park and Caroline Records.
/m/054ky1	The Cecil B. DeMille Award is an honorary Golden Globe Award bestowed by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association for \"outstanding contributions to the world of entertainment\". It was first presented on February 21, 1952 at the 9th Annual Golden Globe Awards ceremony and is named in honor of its first recipient, director Cecil B. DeMille. Honorees are selected by the HFPA board of directors and are presented annually. The first woman to receive the honor was Judy Garland in 1962 who, at 39 years of age, was also the youngest honoree ever to receive the award, while Samuel Goldwyn, at the age of 90, in 1973, was the oldest.
/m/0rql_	West Palm Beach is a city in and the county seat of Palm Beach County, Florida, United States. The population was 101,043 at the 2010 census. It is the oldest large municipality in the South Florida metropolitan area, having been incorporated as a city two years before Miami.
/m/0cc65	Grand Teton National Park is a United States National Park in northwestern Wyoming. At approximately 310,000 acres, the park includes the major peaks of the 40-mile-long Teton Range as well as most of the northern sections of the valley known as Jackson Hole. It is only 10 miles south of Yellowstone National Park, to which it is connected by the National Park Service-managed John D. Rockefeller, Jr. Memorial Parkway. Along with surrounding National Forests, these three protected areas constitute the almost 18,000,000-acre Greater Yellowstone Ecosystem, one of the largest intact mid-latitude temperate ecosystems in the world.\nHuman history of the Grand Teton region dates back at least 11,000 years, when the first nomadic hunter-gatherer Paleo-Indians began migrating into the region during warmer months pursuing food and supplies. In the early 19th century, the first White explorers encountered the eastern Shoshone natives. Between 1810 and 1840, the region attracted fur trading companies that vied for control of the lucrative beaver pelt trade. U.S. Government expeditions to the region commenced in the mid-19th century as an offshoot of exploration in Yellowstone, with the first permanent white settlers in Jackson Hole arriving in the 1880s. Efforts to preserve the region as a national park commenced in the late 19th century, and in 1929 Grand Teton National Park was established, protecting the major peaks of the Teton Range. The valley of Jackson Hole remained in private ownership until the 1930s, when conservationists led by John D. Rockefeller, Jr. began purchasing land in Jackson Hole to be added to the existing national park. Against public opinion and with repeated Congressional efforts to repeal the measures, much of Jackson Hole was set aside for protection as Jackson Hole National Monument in 1943. The monument was abolished in 1950 and most of the monument land was added to Grand Teton National Park.
/m/0bc773	The 59th Academy Awards were presented March 30, 1987 at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion, Los Angeles. The ceremonies were presided over by Chevy Chase, Goldie Hawn, and Paul Hogan.\nThis ceremony was notable for being the last in 23 years to have multiple hosts, until the 82nd Academy Awards were hosted by Alec Baldwin and Steve Martin.\nHannah and Her Sisters won both Best Supporting Actor and Best Supporting Actress, the last film to win both supporting acting categories until The Fighter at the 83rd Academy Awards. The film also won Best Writing - Original Screenplay.\nBest Actress winner Marlee Matlin became the first deaf Oscar winner. Matlin also holds the record for being the youngest Best Actress Oscar winner.
/m/025m8y	The Grammy Award for Best Score Soundtrack For Visual Media has been awarded since 1960. Until 2001, the award was presented to the composer of the music alone. From 2001 to 2006, the producer and engineers shared in this award. In 2007, the award reverted to a composer-only award.\nThe award is presented to composer for an original score created for a film, a TV show or series, video games or other visual media.\nThere have been several minor changes to the name of the award:\nIn 1959 the award was known as Best Sound Track Album – Background Score from a Motion Picture or Television\nFrom 1961 to 1962 it was awarded as Best Sound Track Album or Recording of Music Score from Motion Picture or Television\nFrom 1964 to 1968 it was awarded as Best Original Score from a Motion Picture or Television Show\nFrom 1969 to 1973 and in 1978 it was awarded as Best Original Score Written for a Motion Picture or a Television Special\nFrom 1974 to 1977 it was awarded as Album of Best Original Score Written for a Motion Picture or a Television Special\nFrom 1979 to 1986 it was awarded as Best Album of Original Score Written for a Motion Picture or a Television Special\nFrom 1988 to 1990 it was awarded as Best Album or Original Instrumental Background Score Written for a Motion Picture or Television
/m/0d9t0	Fructose, or fruit sugar, is a simple monosaccharide found in many plants, where it is often bonded to glucose to form the disaccharide sucrose. It is one of the three dietary monosaccharides, along with glucose and galactose, that are absorbed directly into the bloodstream during digestion. Fructose was discovered by French chemist Augustin-Pierre Dubrunfaut in 1847. The name \"fructose\" was coined in 1857 by the English chemist William Miller. Pure, dry fructose is a very sweet, white, odorless, crystalline solid and is the most water-soluble of all the sugars. From plant sources, fructose is found in honey, tree and vine fruits, flowers, berries, and most root vegetables.\nCommercially, fructose is frequently derived from sugar cane, sugar beets, and maize. Crystalline fructose is the monosaccharide, dried, ground, and of high purity. High-fructose corn syrup is a mixture of glucose and fructose as monosaccharides. Sucrose is a compound with one molecule of glucose covalently linked to one molecule of fructose. All forms of fructose, including fruits and juices, are commonly added to foods and drinks for palatability and taste enhancement, and for browning of some foods, such as baked goods.
/m/02b1yn	Ayr United Football Club are a Scottish association football team based in Ayr that plays in the Scottish League One which is the third tier of the Scottish Professional Football League. Formed in 1910 after the merger of former clubs Ayr Parkhouse F.C. and Ayr F.C., their nickname is \"The Honest Men\", taken from a line in the poem \"Tam o' Shanter\" by Scotland's national poet, Robert Burns. They play at Somerset Park.\nThe club have spent 34 seasons in Scotland's top division altogether, though the last was in the 1977–78 season. The club have been the champions of the second tier of Scottish football on six occasions and of the third tier twice, but have not won any national cup competitions. The club's most famous and most successful manager is Ally MacLeod, who went on to manage the Scottish national football team. On 15 May 2012, it was announced that Mark Roberts would succeed Brian Reid as manager of the club, following relegation to the Second Division at the end of the 2011–12 season
/m/0cs134	Ugly Betty is an American comedy-drama television series developed by Silvio Horta, which premiered on ABC on September 28, 2006, and ended on April 14, 2010. The series revolves around the character Betty Suarez and is based on Fernando Gaitán's Colombian telenovela soap opera Yo soy Betty, la fea. The series has also aired in Hindi on the popular soap opera Jassi Jaissi Koi Nahin. The series was produced by Silent H, Ventanarosa, and Reveille Productions partnered with ABC Studios and executive produced by Salma Hayek, Silvio Horta, Ben Silverman, Jose Tamez, and Joel Fields. The pilot was filmed in New York; seasons one and two were filmed in Los Angeles and seasons three and four in New York City.\nDuring its first three seasons, it aired on Thursday nights, where it was mostly successful. However, viewership dropped significantly in the show's third season, particularly in the important 18–49 age group. In October 2009, the series was moved to Fridays, where it had trouble finding an audience. The backlash from its fans prompted ABC to move the show to Wednesdays at 10:00 pm Eastern/9:00 pm Central starting January 6, 2010, where it was thought that it would better complement its Wednesday hits Modern Family and Cougar Town, but on January 27, 2010, ABC announced it was canceling the series due to low ratings. Since the show's cancellation, it has gained a cult following. With the end of the series, there was talk of a push by Ana Ortiz and America Ferrera for an Ugly Betty movie.
/m/0g69lg	Mark Tinker is an American television producer and director. Tinker was an executive producer and regular director on the HBO series, Deadwood. Prior to Deadwood, Tinker served as a director/producer on NYPD Blue which was co-created by Deadwood writer, David Milch. Tinker has also directed episodes of Grey's Anatomy, St. Elsewhere, Private Practice and L.A. Law.
/m/0g0rp	The City of Worcester, commonly known as Worcester, is a city and county town of Worcestershire in the West Midlands of England. Worcester is situated some 17 miles southwest of the southern suburbs of Birmingham and 23 miles north of Gloucester, and has an approximate population of 100,000 people. The River Severn runs through the middle of the city, overlooked by the 12th-century Worcester Cathedral. The site of the final battle of the Civil War, Worcester was where Oliver Cromwell's New Model Army defeated King Charles II's Cavaliers, cementing the English Interregnum, the eleven-year period during which England and Wales became a republic. Worcester was the home of Royal Worcester Porcelain and, for much of his life, the composer Sir Edward Elgar. It houses the Lea & Perrins factory where the traditional Worcestershire Sauce is made, and is home to one of the UK's fastest growing universities, the University of Worcester.
/m/05gc0h	Sreenivasan is an Indian film actor, screenwriter, director, and producer known for his work in Malayalam cinema. He has written for over 50 films.\nSreenivasan has written the screenplays for films such as Sanmanassullavarkku Samadhanam, Gandhinagar 2nd Street, Nadodikkattu, Pattanapravesham, Varavelpu, Sandesam, Midhunam, Azhakiya Ravanan, and Ayal Kadha Ezhuthukayanu among others. As a writer and actor he has frequently collaborated with directors such as Priyadarshan, Sathyan Anthikad and Kamal. As an actor he was famous for his on-screen chemistry with Mohanlal. As a filmmaker, he has scripted and directed Vadakkunokkiyanthram and Chinthavishtayaya Shyamala.
/m/0p8h0	The Byrds were an American rock band, formed in Los Angeles, California in 1964. The band underwent multiple line-up changes throughout its existence, with frontman Roger McGuinn, a.k.a. Jim McGuinn, remaining the sole consistent member, until the group disbanded in 1973. Although they only managed to attain the huge commercial success of contemporaries like The Beatles, The Beach Boys, and The Rolling Stones for a short period, The Byrds are today considered by critics to be one of the most influential bands of the 1960s. Initially, they pioneered the musical genre of folk rock, melding the influence of The Beatles and other British Invasion bands with contemporary and traditional folk music. As the 1960s progressed, the band was also influential in originating psychedelic rock, raga rock, and country rock.\nThe band's signature blend of clear harmony singing and McGuinn's jangly twelve-string Rickenbacker guitar has continued to be influential on popular music up to the present day. Among the band's most enduring songs are their cover versions of Bob Dylan's \"Mr. Tambourine Man\" and Pete Seeger's \"Turn! Turn! Turn!\", along with the self-penned originals, \"I'll Feel a Whole Lot Better\", \"Eight Miles High\", \"So You Want to Be a Rock 'n' Roll Star\", \"Ballad of Easy Rider\" and \"Chestnut Mare\".
/m/025m8l	The Grammy Award for Best Song Written for Visual Media has been awarded since 1988 and is awarded to songs written for films, television, video games or other visual media. Through the years, it has gone through several name changes:\n1988–1999: The Grammy Award for Best Song Written Specifically for a Motion Picture or Television\n2000–2011: The Grammy Award for Best Song Written for a Motion Picture, Television or Other Visual Media\n2012–present: The Grammy Award for Best Song Written for Visual Media\nThe award goes to the composer of the winning song, not to the performing artist.\nYears reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were presented, for works released in the previous year.
/m/03s0c	An island or isle is any piece of sub-continental land that is surrounded by water. Very small islands such as emergent land features on atolls can be called islets, skerries, cays or keys. An island in a river or a lake island may be called an eyot or ait, or a holm. A grouping of geographically or geologically related islands is called an archipelago, e.g. the Philippines.\nAn island may be described as such despite the presence of an artificial land bridge, for example Singapore and its causeway, or the various Dutch delta islands, such as IJsselmonde. Some places may even retain \"island\" in their names for historical reasons after being connected to a larger landmass by a wide land bridge, such as Coney Island or Coronado Island. Conversely, when a piece of land is separated from the mainland by a man-made canal, for example the Peloponnese by the Corinth Canal, it is generally not considered an island.\nThere are two main types of islands: continental islands and oceanic islands. There are also artificial islands.
/m/02070z	Killed in action is a casualty classification generally used by militaries to describe the deaths of their own forces at the hands of enemy combatants. The United States Department of Defense, for example, says that those declared KIA need not have fired their weapons but have been killed due to hostile attack. KIAs do not come from incidents such as accidental vehicle crashes and other \"non-hostile\" events or terrorism. KIA can be applied both to front-line combat troops and to naval, air and support troops.\nFurther, KIA denotes one to have been killed in action on the battlefield whereas died of wounds relates to someone who survived to reach a medical treatment facility. The North Atlantic Treaty Organization also uses DWRIA, rather than DOW, for \"died of wounds received in action\". However, historically, militaries and historians have used the former acronym.\nKIFA means \"killed in flight accident\". This term is used when personnel are killed in an aerial mishap that did not result from hostile action.
/m/0j5q3	Alicia Silverstone is an American actress, film and television producer, author, and animal rights and environmental activist. Silverstone made her film debut in The Crush, earning the 1994 MTV Movie Award for Best Breakthrough Performance, and gained further prominence as a teen idol when she appeared in three music videos for the band Aerosmith. She starred in the 1995 sleeper hit Clueless and in the big-budget 1997 film Batman & Robin where she played Batgirl. She has continued to act in film, television, and theatre.\nA vegan, Silverstone endorsed PETA activities and published a book titled The Kind Diet.
/m/0gdqy	Jean-Luc Godard is a French film director, screenwriter and film critic. He is often identified with the 1960s French film movement La Nouvelle Vague, or \"New Wave\".\nLike his New Wave contemporaries, Godard criticized mainstream French cinema's \"Tradition of Quality\", which \"emphasized craft over innovation, privileged established directors over new directors, and preferred the great works of the past to experimentation.\" To challenge this tradition, he and like-minded critics started to make their own films. Many of Godard's films challenge the conventions of traditional Hollywood in addition to French cinema. He is often considered the most radical French filmmaker of the 1960s and 1970s. Several of his films express his political views. His films express his knowledge of film history through their references to earlier films. In addition, Godard's films often cite existentialism, as he was an avid reader of existential and Marxist philosophy. His radical approach in film conventions, politics and philosophies made him an influential filmmaker of the French New Wave.\nSince the New Wave, his politics have been much less radical and his recent films are about representation and human conflict from a humanist, and a Marxist perspective.
/m/0k419	Roman Holiday is a 1953 romantic comedy directed and produced by William Wyler. It stars Gregory Peck as a reporter and Audrey Hepburn as a royal princess out to see Rome on her own. Hepburn won an Academy Award for Best Actress for her performance; the screenplay and costume design also won.\nIt was written by John Dighton and Dalton Trumbo, though with Trumbo on the Hollywood blacklist, he did not receive a credit; instead, Ian McLellan Hunter fronted for him. Trumbo's credit was reinstated when the film was released on DVD in 2003. On December 19, 2011, full credit for Trumbo's work was restored.\nThe film was screened in the 14th Venice film festival within the official program.\nIn the 1970s, both Peck and Hepburn were approached with the idea of a sequel, but the project never came to fruition.\nThe film was remade for television in 1987 with Tom Conti and Catherine Oxenberg, who is herself a member of a European royal family. In 2012, a musical version of Roman Holiday, following the plot while using the songs of Cole Porter, was presented in Minneapolis at the Guthrie Theater. The cast included Stephanie Rothenberg as Princess Ann and Edward Watts as Joe Bradley.
/m/01c333	Bowdoin College is a private liberal arts college located in the coastal Maine town of Brunswick. Founded in 1794, the college enrolls 1,839 students and has been coeducational since 1971. Bowdoin offers 33 majors and 4 additional minors, and has a student-faculty ratio of 9:1. Famous alumni include Nathaniel Hawthorne, Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, Franklin Pierce, and Joshua Chamberlain. Bowdoin has an acceptance rate of 15.8% and was listed as the fourth-best liberal arts college in the U.S. in the 2014 U.S. News & World Report rankings.\nBowdoin is located on the shores of Casco Bay and the Androscoggin River, 12 miles north of Freeport, Maine, and 28 miles north of Portland, Maine. In addition to its Brunswick campus, Bowdoin also owns a 118-acre coastal studies center on Orr's Island and a 200-acre scientific field station on Kent Island in the Bay of Fundy.
/m/0m8_v	Jean-Claude Camille François Van Varenberg, professionally known as Jean-Claude Van Damme and abbreviated as JCVD, is a Belgian martial artist, actor, and director best known for his martial arts action films. The most successful of these films include Bloodsport, Kickboxer, Universal Soldier, Hard Target, Street Fighter, Timecop, Sudden Death, JCVD and The Expendables 2.
/m/013nws	Eau Claire is a city located in the west-central part of the U.S. state of Wisconsin. The population was 65,883 as of the 2010 U.S. Census, making it the 9th largest city in the state. It is the county seat of Eau Claire County, although a small portion of the city lies in neighboring Chippewa County. Eau Claire is the principal city of the Eau Claire, Wisconsin Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is a part of the Eau-Claire-Menomonie Combined Statistical Area.
/m/0gvstc3	The 63rd Annual Primetime Emmy Awards, honoring the best in primetime television programming from June 1, 2010 until May 31, 2011, was held on September 18, 2011, at the Nokia Theatre in Downtown Los Angeles, California. Fox televised the ceremony within the United States. Actress Jane Lynch hosted the Emmys for the first time. The Creative Arts Emmy Awards ceremony was held on September 10.\nThe nominees for the 63rd Primetime Emmy Awards were announced live on Thursday July 14, 2011, at 5:40 am PDT at the Leonard H. Goldenson Theatre in North Hollywood, California. The nominees were announced by Melissa McCarthy of Mike & Molly and Joshua Jackson of Fringe.\nThis year's ceremony was watched by 12.4 million people, down 8% from last year's show. The ceremony received mixed reviews from critics, with many praising the performance of Lynch as the host but criticizing the overall quality of the production, particularly the presenters and the orchestra.\nThe Miniseries and Television Movie program categories were merged beginning this year. This was due to the continuing decline in the number of miniseries being produced, the previous two ceremonies only had two miniseries nominated.
/m/038bh3	Runaway Jury is a 2003 American thriller film directed by Gary Fleder and starring John Cusack, Gene Hackman, Dustin Hoffman, and Rachel Weisz. It is an adaptation of John Grisham's novel The Runaway Jury.
/m/0hhbr	An art museum or art gallery is a building or space for the exhibition of art, usually visual art. Museums can be public or private, but what distinguishes a museum is the ownership of a collection. Paintings are the most commonly displayed art objects; however, sculpture, decorative arts, furniture, textiles, costume, drawings, pastels, watercolors, collages, prints, artists' books, photographs, and installation art are also regularly shown. Although primarily concerned with providing a space to show works of visual art, art galleries are sometimes used to host other artistic activities, such as performance art, music concerts, or poetry readings.
/m/0fvr1	Donnie Darko is a 2001 American science fiction drama film written and directed by Richard Kelly and starring Jake Gyllenhaal, Drew Barrymore, Patrick Swayze, Maggie Gyllenhaal, Noah Wyle, Jena Malone, and Mary McDonnell. The film depicts the adventures of the title character as he seeks the meaning and significance behind his troubling Doomsday-related visions.\nBudgeted with $4.5 million and filmed over the course of 28 days, it grossed just over $7.6 million worldwide. Since then, the film has received favorable reviews from critics and has developed a large cult following, resulting in the release of a director's cut on a two-disc special edition in 2004.
/m/05d1dy	Don McKellar is a Canadian actor, writer, and filmmaker.
/m/0tr3p	Bangor is a city in and the county seat of Penobscot County, Maine, and the major commercial and cultural center for eastern and northern Maine. The population of the city was 33,039 at the 2010 United States Census; the Bangor Metropolitan Statistical Area, 153,923. It is the principal city of the Bangor, Maine, Metropolitan Statistical Area, which encompasses all of Penobscot County.\nAs of 2008, Bangor is the third most-populous city in Maine, as it has been for more than a century. Bangor is the largest market town, distribution center, transportation hub, and media center in a five-county area whose population tops 330,000 and which includes Penobscot, Piscataquis, Hancock, Aroostook, and Washington counties.\nBangor is about 30 miles from Penobscot Bay up the Penobscot River at its confluence with the Kenduskeag Stream. It is connected by bridge to the neighboring city of Brewer. Its immediate suburban towns are Orono, Hampden, Hermon, Old Town, Glenburn, and Veazie.
/m/0_9l_	Howards End is a 1992 film based upon the novel of the same name by E. M. Forster, a story of class relations in turn-of-the-20th-century England. The film—produced by Merchant Ivory Productions as their third adaptation of a Forster novel —was the first film to be released by Sony Pictures Classics. The screenplay was written by Ruth Prawer Jhabvala, directed by James Ivory and produced by Ismail Merchant.\nHowards End was entered as Official selection for Cannes International Film Festival and won 45th Anniversary Award. In 1993, the film received nine Academy Award nominations, including Best Picture for Ismail Merchant and Best Director for James Ivory. The film won three awards, including for Best Art Direction. Ruth Prawer Jhabvala earned her second Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay, while Emma Thompson won the 1992 Academy Award for Best Actress.
/m/05fny	A nebula is an interstellar cloud of dust, hydrogen, helium and other ionized gases. Originally, nebula was a name for any diffuse astronomical object, including galaxies beyond the Milky Way. The Andromeda Galaxy, for instance, was referred to as the Andromeda Nebula before the true nature of galaxies was confirmed in the early 20th century by Vesto Slipher, Edwin Hubble and others. Nebulae are often star-forming regions, such as in the Eagle Nebula. This nebula is depicted in one of NASA's most famous images, the \"Pillars of Creation\". In these regions the formations of gas, dust, and other materials \"clump\" together to form larger masses, which attract further matter, and eventually will become massive enough to form stars. The remaining materials are then believed to form planets, and other planetary system objects.
/m/0cct7p	Om Prakash was an Indian character actor. He was born in Jammu as Om Prakash Chibber. He used to play the role of Kamla in the stage play by the famous Dewan Mandir Natak Samaj Koliwada. Starting his career in 1942, he was a popular supporting actor from the 1950s until the 1980s. He was one of the elite of the film industry. Some of his performances were so memorable that the lead actor in the film attributed the success of the film to him.\nOm Prakash played the leading man in films like Dus Lakh, Annadata and Charandas 'Sadhu aur Shaitan'. His pivotal roles in the films Dil Daulat Duniya, Chupke Chupke, Julie, Joroo Ka Ghulam, Aa Gale Lag Jaa, Pyar Kiye Jaa and Buddha Mil Gaya are considered to be among his best along with Daddu in Namak Halaal and De Silva in Zanjeer. His roles in 'Sharabi', 'Bharosa', 'Tere Ghar Ke Samne', 'Mere Humdum Mere Dost', 'Loafar', 'Dil Tera Diwana' were also appreciated.\nHe is known for his roles in comedy films. One of his best performances in his later years were Naukar Biwi Ka, Sharaabi and Chameli Ki Shaadi, where he played a role that was pivotal for the movie.
/m/01r47h	Montclair State University is a public university located in the Upper Montclair section of Montclair, the Great Notch area of Little Falls, and Clifton, in the U.S. state of New Jersey. As of October 2011, there were 18,498 total enrolled students: 14,590 undergraduate students and 3,908 graduate students. Montclair State University is New Jersey's second largest school, with Rutgers University being the first. It is also the state's fastest growing school and currently sizes at 500 acres, inclusive of the New Jersey School of Conservation, which attracts students statewide. More than 250 majors, minors and concentrations are offered.\nMSU offers a PhD in Environmental Management, one of the very few universities in the United States to offer a doctoral degree in that area. It also offers students the opportunity to pursue a PhD in biomedicine with its joint degree program with UMDNJ. The university also offers articulation agreements with UMDNJ's Medical, Dental and Physical Therapy programs. The school also offers such articulation agreements with Rutgers Ernest Mario School of Pharmacy, combining a Bachelors degree from Montclair with a Pharmacy Degree from the school.
/m/0r4xt	Coronado, also known as Coronado Island, is an affluent resort city located in San Diego County, California, across San Diego Bay from downtown San Diego. Its population was 24,697 at the 2010 census, up from 24,100 at the 2000 census. Coronado lies on a peninsula connected to the mainland by a 10-mile isthmus called the Silver Strand Locals sometimes call Coronado Nado or Coronado Island, and they denote the core living and business area as The Village. In May 2012, Dr. Stephen Leatherman, Director of the Laboratory for Coastal Research, ranked Coronado Beach as the best beach in the United States.\nCoronado is Spanish for \"the crowned one\", and thus it is nicknamed The Crown City. There have been three ships of the United States Navy named after the city, including the USS Coronado .
/m/01qb559	Con Air is a 1997 American action film directed by Simon West and produced by Jerry Bruckheimer, producer of The Rock. It stars Nicolas Cage, John Cusack, Colm Meaney and John Malkovich. The film borrows its title from the nickname of the Justice Prisoner and Alien Transportation System. While scanning a newspaper article, Screenwriter Scott Rosenberg first learned of the special program, then visited its Oklahoma City base \"to get an eyewitness perspective of the incredible operation, which quickly formed the genesis for Con Air.\"
/m/02r0d0	The Guardian Children's Fiction Prize or Guardian Award is a literary award that annually recognises one fiction book written for children or young adults and published in the United Kingdom. It is conferred upon the author of the book by The Guardian newspaper, which established it in 1965 and inaugurated it in 1967. It is a lifetime award in that previous winners are not eligible. At least since 2000 the prize is £1,500.\nThe shortlist of no more than four books and the winner are selected by three children's fiction writers, almost always including the latest winner. The Guardian calls it the only children's book award winner selected by peers. The newspaper's children's book editor Julia Eccleshare participates in selection of the longlist and thereafter chairs the panel of final judges.\nIn recent years there is a longlist of eight books announced May or June, a shortlist of no more than four announced in September, and a single winner. The longlist is the foundation for a summer program of reading, reviewing, and discussion.\nThe U.K. publishers of eligible books must enter them for the prize with a fee, although the chair may call for submission. The publication year is August to July of the current year, but May, June, and July books must be submitted in advance. Books originally published in another language are eligible in English translation for five years.
/m/04vlh5	David Silverman is an American animator best known for directing numerous episodes of the animated TV series The Simpsons, as well as The Simpsons Movie. Silverman was involved with the series from the very beginning, where he animated all of the original short Simpsons cartoons that aired on The Tracey Ullman Show and went on to serve as director of animation for several years.
/m/088gzp	National School of Drama is a theatre training institute situated at New Delhi, India. It is an autonomous organization under Ministry of Culture, Government of India. It was set up in 1959 by the Sangeet Natak Akademi, and became an independent school in 1975. In 2005 it was granted deemed university status, but in 2011 it was revoked on the institute's request.
/m/01vvyvk	Mary Jane Blige, known professionally as Mary J. Blige, is an American singer-songwriter, record producer, and actress. Starting her career as a background singer on Uptown Records in 1989, Blige released her first album, What's the 411?, in 1992, and has released 11 studio albums since and made over 150 guest appearances on other albums and soundtracks.\nA recipient of nine Grammy Awards, eight of Blige's albums have reached multi-platinum status in the United States. My Life, in particular, is considered among the greatest albums ever recorded according to Rolling Stone, Time, and Vibe. For her part in combining hip-hop and soul in the early-1990s and its subsequent commercial success, Blige received the Legends Award at the World Music Awards. Blige also received the Voice of Music Award from music publishing company ASCAP, with its official Jeanie Weems stating that \"[Blige's] music has been the voice of inspiration to women worldwide in both struggle and triumph.\" Blige made Time magazine's \"Time 100\" list of influential individuals around the world in 2007.\nAs of 2013, Blige has sold more than 50 million albums and 15 million singles worldwide. Billboard ranked Blige as the most successful female R&B artist of the past 25 years. The magazine also lists her 2006 song \"Be Without You\" as the top R&B song of the 2000s, as it spent an unparalleled 15 weeks atop the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. In 2011, VH1 ranked Blige as the 80th greatest artist of all time. Moreover, she is ranked number 100 on the list of \"100 greatest singers of all time\" by Rolling Stone magazine. In 2012, VH1 ranked Blige at number 9 in \"The 100 Greatest Woman in Music.\"
/m/02665kn	James Norman \"Jim\" Beaver, Jr. is an American stage, film, and television actor, playwright, screenwriter, director, and film historian. He is most familiar to worldwide audiences as the gruff but tenderhearted prospector Whitney Ellsworth on the HBO Western drama series Deadwood, a starring role which brought him acclaim and a Screen Actors Guild Awards nomination for Ensemble Acting after three decades of supporting work in films and TV. He portrays Bobby Singer in the CW television series Supernatural and Sheriff Shelby Parlow on the FX series Justified. His memoir Life's That Way was published in April 2009.
/m/0680m7	Burgundy is a dark red color associated with the Burgundy wine of the same name, which in turn is named after the Burgundy region of France. The color burgundy is similar to other shades of dark red such as maroon, cordovan, and oxblood, but differs from each of these in subtle ways. For example, cordovan with its origin in equine leather used for shoes has a slightly fairer, lighter brown color whilst oxblood, typically used in description of clothing, in particular leather, has both a much richer red and a little more blue.\nWhen referring to the color, \"burgundy\" is usually not capitalized.\nThe first recorded use of \"burgundy\" as a color name in English was in 1881.
/m/0fh694	Michael Clayton is a 2007 American drama film written and directed by Tony Gilroy, starring George Clooney, Tom Wilkinson, Tilda Swinton and Sydney Pollack. The film chronicles the attempts by attorney Michael Clayton to cope with a colleague's apparent mental breakdown, and the corruption and intrigue surrounding a major client of his law firm being sued in a class action case over the effects of toxic agrochemicals.\nThe film received positive reviews and was nominated for seven Academy Awards, including Best Picture, Best Director for Gilroy and Best Actor for Clooney, with Swinton winning the award for Best Supporting Actress.
/m/08952r	Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby is a 2006 American comedy film directed by Adam McKay, starring Will Ferrell, and written by McKay and Ferrell. The film also features John C. Reilly, Sacha Baron Cohen, Gary Cole, Michael Clarke Duncan, Leslie Bibb, Jane Lynch, Amy Adams, and Andy Richter. Various Saturday Night Live alumni also make appearances. Real life NASCAR drivers like Jamie McMurray and Dale Earnhardt, Jr. also make cameos as themselves, as do the broadcasting teams of NASCAR on Fox and NASCAR on NBC. Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby was also Pat Hingle's last film, before his death in 2009.\nRacetrack scenes at Texas Motor Speedway were shot at Charlotte Motor Speedway in Concord, North Carolina, using a Porsche Cayenne outfitted with camera mounts on all four corners of the car.
/m/05p1qyh	Zombieland is a 2009 American zombie comedy film directed by Ruben Fleischer from a screenplay written by Rhett Reese and Paul Wernick. The film stars Jesse Eisenberg, Woody Harrelson, Emma Stone, and Abigail Breslin as survivors of a zombie apocalypse. Together, they take an extended road trip across Southwestern United States in an attempt to find a sanctuary free from zombies.\nZombieland received critical acclaim and was a commercial success, grossing more than $60.8 million in 17 days and surpassing the 2004 film Dawn of the Dead as the top-grossing zombie film in the United States until World War Z was released on June 21, 2013.
/m/03d16q3	The first season of the television series The Wire commenced airing in the United States on June 2, 2002, concluded on September 8, 2002, and contained 13 episodes. It introduces the drug-dealing Barksdale organization and the police detail that is investigating them.\nThe first season aired Sundays at 9:00 pm Eastern in the United States and was released on DVD as a five-disc boxed set under the title of The Wire: The Complete First Season on October 12, 2004 by HBO video.
/m/03w86	Islamism or Political Islam is a set of ideologies holding that \"Islam should guide social and political as well as personal life\". Islamism is a controversial neologism, and definitions of it sometimes vary. Islamists can have varying interpretations on various Quranic suras and ayahs. Leading Islamist thinkers emphasize the implementation of Sharia; of pan-Islamic political unity; and of the selective removal of non-Muslim, particularly Western military, economic, political, social, or cultural influences in the Muslim world that they believe to be incompatible with Islam. Some observers suggest Islamism's tenets are less strict, and can be defined as a form of identity politics or \"support for [Muslim] identity, authenticity, broader regionalism, revivalism, [and] revitalization of the community\". Following the Arab Spring, political Islam has been described as \"increasingly interdependent\" with political democracy.\nMany of those described as \"Islamists\" oppose the use of the term, and claim that their political beliefs and goals are simply an expression of Islamic religious belief. Similarly, some experts favor the term activist Islam, or political Islam, and some have equated the term militant Islam with Islamism.
/m/04994l	Football Club de Metz, commonly referred to as simply Metz, is a French association football club based in Metz. The club was formed in 1932 and has spent most of its history in the Ligue 1, though they currently play in the Ligue 2, the second level in the French football league system. Metz plays its home matches at the Stade Municipal Saint-Symphorien located within the city. The team is managed by former FC Metz player Albert Cartier.
/m/0d8c4	The Lockheed Corporation was an American aerospace company. Lockheed was founded in 1912 and later merged with Martin Marietta to form Lockheed Martin in 1995.
/m/0dxtg	A screenwriter or scriptwriter or scenarist is a writer who practices the craft of screenwriting, writing screenplays on which mass media such as films, television programs, comics or video games are based.
/m/038bht	William Louis Petersen is an American actor and producer, best known for playing Dr. Gilbert \"Gil\" Grissom on the hit CBS series CSI: Crime Scene Investigation, Richard Chance in the film To Live and Die in L.A., and Will Graham in the film Manhunter.
/m/09v3hq_	Samuel Goldwyn Films is an American independent film company founded by Samuel Goldwyn, Jr., the son of the Hollywood business magnate/mogul, Samuel Goldwyn. The current incarnation is a successor to The Samuel Goldwyn Company.
/m/0ny1p	Zhejiang, formerly romanized as Chekiang or Che-Keang, is an eastern coastal province of the People's Republic of China. The word Zhejiang means zigzagging river and was the old name of the Qiantang River, which passes through Hangzhou, the provincial capital. The name of the province is often abbreviated to its first character, \"浙\" Zhè.\nZhejiang borders Jiangsu province and Shanghai municipality to the north, Anhui province to the northwest, Jiangxi province to the west, and Fujian province to the south; to the east is the East China Sea, beyond which lie the Ryukyu Islands of Japan.
/m/03rbj2	The Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actor is given by Filmfare as part of its annual Filmfare Awards for Hindi films, to recognise a male actor who has delivered an outstanding performance in a supporting role. Although the awards started in 1953, awards for the best supporting actor category started only the following year.
/m/06mp7	Swedish is a North Germanic language, spoken by approximately 8.7 million people, predominantly in Sweden and parts of Finland, where it has equal legal standing with Finnish. It is largely mutually intelligible with Norwegian and Danish. Along with the other North Germanic languages, Swedish is a descendant of Old Norse, the common language of the Germanic peoples living in Scandinavia during the Viking Era. It is currently the largest of the North Germanic languages by numbers of speakers.\nStandard Swedish, used by most Swedes, is the national language that evolved from the Central Swedish dialects in the 19th century and was well established by the beginning of the 20th century. While distinct regional varieties descended from the older rural dialects still exist, the spoken and written language is uniform and standardized. Some dialects differ considerably from the standard language in grammar and vocabulary and are not always mutually intelligible with Standard Swedish . These dialects are confined to rural areas and are spoken primarily by small numbers of people with low social mobility. Though not facing imminent extinction, such dialects have been in decline during the past century, even though they are well researched and their use is often encouraged by local authorities.
/m/02vkvcz	Shirley Ann Russell was a British costume designer and first wife of film director Ken Russell, to whom she was married from 1956 to 1978, and with whom she had five children, Xavier, James, Alexander, Victoria and Toby.\nRussell was born as Shirley Ann Kingdon in London, England. She and her husband met in art school; they both converted to Roman Catholicism prior to their marriage. The couple collaborated on Women in Love, The Music Lovers, The Devils, The Boy Friend, Savage Messiah, Mahler, Tommy, Lisztomania, and Valentino.\nFollowing her divorce from Ken Russell, she lived for many years with director Jonathan Benson in Chiswick. She ran her own firm of film costumiers for most of her career, particularly specialising in 1930s and 1940s clothing.\nRussell's other credits include The Little Prince, Lady Chatterley's Lover, The Return of the Soldier, The Razor's Edge, Hope and Glory, The Bride, Yanks, Gulliver's Travels, I Dreamed of Africa, and Shackleton.\nShe received Oscar nominations for her work in Agatha and Reds.
/m/0l8gh	Chamber music is a form of classical music that is composed for a small group of instruments—traditionally a group that could fit in a palace chamber. Most broadly, it includes any art music that is performed by a small number of performers, with one performer to a part. However, by definition it usually does not include solo instrument performances.\nBecause of its intimate nature, chamber music has been described as \"the music of friends.\" For more than 200 years, chamber music was played primarily by amateur musicians in their homes, and even today, when most chamber music performance has migrated from the home to the concert hall, many musicians, amateur and professional, still play chamber music for their own pleasure. Playing chamber music requires special skills, both musical and social, that differ from the skills required for playing solo or symphonic works.\nJohann Wolfgang von Goethe described chamber music as \"four rational people conversing.\" This conversational paradigm has been a thread woven through the history of chamber music composition from the end of the 18th century to the present. The analogy to conversation recurs in descriptions and analyses of chamber music compositions.
/m/0dxtw	The illusions or tricks of the eye used in the film, television, theatre, video game, and simulator industries to simulate the imagined events in a story or virtual world are traditionally called special effects.\nSpecial effects are traditionally divided into the categories of optical effects and mechanical effects. With the emergence of digital film-making tools a greater distinction between special effects and visual effects has been recognized, with \"visual effects\" referring to digital post-production and \"special effects\" referring to on-set mechanical effects and in-camera optical effects.\nOptical effects, are techniques in which images or film frames are created photographically, either \"in-camera\" using multiple exposure, mattes, or the Schüfftan process, or in post-production processes using an optical printer. An optical effect might be used to place actors or sets against a different background.\nMechanical effects are usually accomplished during the live-action shooting. This includes the use of mechanized props, scenery, scale models, animatronics, pyrotechnics and atmospheric effects: creating physical wind, rain, fog, snow, clouds, etc. Making a car appear to drive by itself and blowing up a building are examples of mechanical effects. Mechanical effects are often incorporated into set design and makeup. For example, a set may be built with break-away doors or walls to enhance a fight scene, or prosthetic makeup can be used to make an actor look like a non-human creature.
/m/013f1h	Traverse City is a city in the U.S. state of Michigan. It is the county seat of Grand Traverse County, although a small portion extends into Leelanau County. It is the largest city in the 21-county Northern Michigan region. The population was 14,674 at the 2010 census, with 143,372 in the Traverse City micropolitan area.\nThe Traverse City area is the largest producer of tart cherries in the United States. Near the time of cherry harvest, the city hosts the annual week-long National Cherry Festival in the first full week of July, attracting approximately 500,000 visitors annually. The surrounding countryside also produces grapes, and is one of the centers of wine production in the Midwest. Tourism, both summer and winter, is another key industry. The Traverse City area features varied natural attractions, including freshwater beaches, vineyards, a National Lakeshore, downhill skiing areas, and numerous forests. In 2009, TripAdvisor named Traverse City the number two small town travel destination in the United States. In 2012, the city was listed among the 10 best places to retire in the U.S. by U.S. News.
/m/0r8bh	Ventura is the county seat of Ventura County, California, United States, incorporated in 1866. The population was 106,433 at the 2010 census, up from 100,916 at the 2000 census. Ventura is accessible via U.S. Route 101, State Route 33, and State Route 126.
/m/025rvx0	Empire of the Sun is a 1987 American coming of age war film based on J. G. Ballard's semi-autobiographical novel of the same name. Steven Spielberg directed the film, which stars Christian Bale, John Malkovich, Miranda Richardson, and Nigel Havers. The film tells the story of Jamie \"Jim\" Graham, a young boy who goes from living in a wealthy British family in Shanghai, to becoming a prisoner of war in a Japanese internment camp, during World War II.\nHarold Becker and David Lean were originally to direct before Spielberg came on board, initially as a producer for Lean. Spielberg was attracted to directing the film because of a personal connection to Lean's films and World War II topics. He considers it to be his most profound work on \"the loss of innocence\". The film received critical acclaim but was not initially a box office success, earning only $22,238,696 at the US box office, but it eventually more than recouped its budget through revenues in other markets.
/m/02pd1tf	The Stanford Cardinal football program represents Stanford University in college football at the NCAA Division I FBS level and is a member of the Pac-12 Conference's North Division. Stanford, the top-ranked academic institution with an FBS program, has a highly successful football tradition. The team is known as the Cardinal, referring to the color, not the bird. The team was known as the Indians from 1930 to 1972 and Cardinals from 1972 to 1981.\nStanford has fielded football teams every year since 1892 with a few exceptions. Like a number of other teams from the era concerned with violence in the sport, the school dropped football in favor of rugby from 1906 to 1917. The school also did not field a team in 1918 or in 1943, 1944, and 1945.\nThe school participated in the first-ever Rose Bowl against Michigan in 1902, in which they were routed 49-0. Its annual Big Game against California is the oldest and most storied rivalry in the Pac-12 and western United States. The Cardinal also compete for the Legends Trophy against independent rival Notre Dame.\nThe program has an all-time record of 605–440–49 for a winning percentage of .575 and has winning series records against all of its Pac-12 North rivals, except for the Washington Huskies, against whom they are 38–41–4. Led by legendary coach Glenn \"Pop\" Warner, who still has the most wins in Cardinal history, Stanford claims National Championships in 1926 and 1940. In 1926, the team was undefeated in the regular season and tied Alabama in the 1927 Rose Bowl. The 1940 team went unbeaten and untied after defeating Nebraska 21–13 in the 1941 Rose Bowl, but the team ranked #2 in the final AP poll released before the game was played.
/m/0yb_4	Bronxville is an affluent village within the town of Eastchester, New York, in the United States. It is a suburb of New York City, located approximately 15 miles north of midtown Manhattan in southern Westchester County. At the 2010 census, Bronxville had a population of 6,323. It currently ranks 20th in the US on a list of the highest income places in the United States.
/m/02t8gf	Industrial metal is a musical genre that draws from industrial dance music, thrash metal and hardcore punk, using repeating metal guitar riffs, sampling, synthesizer or sequencer lines, and distorted vocals. Founding industrial metal acts include Ministry, Godflesh, and KMFDM.\nIndustrial metal's popularity led to some criticism from other artists associated with the industrial scene. Subsequently, it is most well known in various European permutations. Industrial metal groups have produced many acclaimed music videos.
/m/02hmw9	Newnham College is a women-only constituent college of the University of Cambridge, England.\nThe college was founded in 1871 by Henry Sidgwick, and was the second Cambridge college to admit women after Girton College. The co-founder of the college was Millicent Garrett Fawcett.
/m/0g5lhl7	The British Broadcasting Corporation is a British public service broadcasting statutory corporation. Its main responsibility is to provide impartial public service broadcasting in the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands, and the Isle of Man. The BBC is headquartered at Broadcasting House in London and has major production centres in Salford Quays, Belfast, Birmingham, Bristol, Cardiff and Glasgow, and smaller production centres throughout the UK. The BBC is the world's oldest national broadcasting organisation and the largest broadcaster in the world by number of employees, with about 23,000 staff.\nThe BBC is a semi-autonomous public service broadcaster that operates under a Royal Charter and a Licence and Agreement from the Home Secretary. Within the United Kingdom its work is funded principally by an annual television licence fee, which is charged to all British households, companies and organisations using any type of equipment to receive live television broadcasts; the level of the fee is set annually by the British Government and agreed by Parliament.\nOutside the UK, the BBC World Service has provided services by direct broadcasting and re-transmission contracts by sound radio since the inauguration of the BBC Empire Service on 19 December 1932, and more recently by television and online. Though sharing some of the facilities of the domestic services, particularly for news and current affairs output, the World Service has a separate Managing Director, and its operating costs have historically been funded mainly by direct grants from the British government. These grants were determined independently of the domestic licence fee and were usually awarded from the budget of the Foreign and Commonwealth Office. As such, the BBC's international content has traditionally represented – at least in part – an effective foreign policy tool of the British Government. The recent BBC World Service spending review has announced plans for the funding for the world service to be drawn from the domestic licence fee.
/m/0qmpd	Gong is a Franco-British rock band formed by Australian musician Daevid Allen. Other notable band members include Tim Blake, Didier Malherbe, Pip Pyle, Gilli Smyth, Steve Hillage, Francis Moze, Mike Howlett and Pierre Moerlen. Others who have, albeit briefly, played in Gong include Bill Bruford, Brian Davison, Don Cherry and Chris Cutler.
/m/0gcrg	Seven Brides for Seven Brothers is a musical film and CinemaScope of 1954 directed by Stanley Donen, with music by Saul Chaplin and Gene de Paul and lyrics by Johnny Mercer, and choreography by Michael Kidd.\nThe screenplay, by Albert Hackett, Frances Goodrich, and Dorothy Kingsley, is based on the short story \"The Sobbin' Women\", by Stephen Vincent Benét, which was based in turn on the Ancient Roman legend of The Rape of the Sabine Women.\nThe film was a 1954 Oscar nominee for Best Picture.\nSeven Brides for Seven Brothers, which is set in Oregon in 1850, is particularly known for Kidd's unusual choreography, which makes dance numbers out of such mundane frontier pursuits as chopping wood and raising a barn.
/m/05qjc	Performing arts are art forms in which artists use their body or voice to convey artistic expression—as opposed to visual arts, in which artists use paint/canvas or various materials to create physical art objects. The first recorded use of the term performing arts was in 1711. By 1970, Performing Arts was a global term. \"Performing Arts\" meant that it was live, and it was art, not theater. Performing Arts also meant that it was art that could not be bought, sold or traded as a commodity. Performing artists saw the movement as a means of taking their art directly to a public forum, thus completely eliminating the need for galleries, agents, brokers, tax accountants and any other aspect of capitalism. It's a sort of social commentary on the purity of art.
/m/03fwl	The domestic goat is a subspecies of goat domesticated from the wild goat of southwest Asia and Eastern Europe. The goat is a member of the family Bovidae and is closely related to the sheep as both are in the goat-antelope subfamily Caprinae. There are over 300 distinct breeds of goat. Goats are one of the oldest domesticated species, and have been used for their milk, meat, hair, and skins over much of the world. In 2011, there were more than 924 million live goats around the globe, according to the UN Food and Agriculture Organization.\nFemale goats are referred to as \"does\" or \"nannies\", intact males as \"bucks\" or \"billies\", and their offspring are \"kids\". Castrated males are \"wethers\". Goat meat from younger animals is called \"kid\" or cabrito, and from older animals is simply known as \"goat\" or sometimes called chevon, or in some areas \"mutton\".
/m/04m_kpx	Dileep is an Indian film actor, singer, impressionist and producer. He has been featured in more than a 100 Malayalam films.\nDileep started his film career as an assistant director to Kamal in 1992. He became popular for his impressionist stage shows and the Comicola television comedy series on Asianet. His role as Dilip in Manathe Kottaram paved way to his acting career. Films such as Sallapam, Ee Puzhayum Kadannu, Punjabi House, and Udayapuram Sulthan established Dileep's status as a prominent actor during the late-1990s.\nThe blockbusters Meesa Madhavan and Chanthupottu were two of the most significant films in Dileep's career. He won the Filmfare Award for Best Actor for his role as Madhavan in the former. He won his first Kerala State Film Award for his performance in Kunjikoonan. His film Bodyguard was remade into four different Indian languages. Other major films in the actor's career include Joker, Thenkasipattanam, Ishtam, Perumazhakkalam, Runway, Lion, Vinodayathra, Calcutta News, Passenger, Mayamohini, My Boss and Sound Thoma.
/m/0bbxd3	David Greenwalt is an American screenwriter, director and producer.\nHe was the co-executive producer of Buffy the Vampire Slayer and co-creator of its spinoff, Angel. He is also co-creator of the short-lived cult television show Profit. He recently co-created the NBC supernatural drama Grimm.
/m/08d6bd	Vinod Khanna is an Indian actor, film producer and politician. He has appeared in 141 films between 1968 and 2013.
/m/01cwm1	Stoke City Football Club is an English professional football club based in Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire that plays in the Premier League. Founded as Stoke Ramblers in 1863 the club changed its name to Stoke City in 1925 after Stoke-on-Trent was granted city status. They are the second oldest professional football club in the world, after Notts County, and are one of the founding members of the Football League.\nStoke play in the Premier League after winning promotion in 2008; prior to this Stoke had not participated in top flight football for twenty-three years. Their first, and to date only, major trophy was won in the 1972 Football League Cup Final, when the team beat Chelsea 2–1. The club have won the Football League Trophy on two occasions, first in 1992 and most recently in 2000. The club's highest league finish in the top division is 4th, which was achieved in the 1935–36 and 1946–47 seasons. Stoke have competed in European football in 1972–73, 1974–75; and most recently in 2011–12. Stoke played in the FA Cup Final in 2011, finishing runners-up to Manchester City and has reached three FA Cup semi-finals, in 1899 then consecutively in 1971 and 1972.\nStoke's home ground is the Britannia Stadium, a 27,740 all-seater stadium. Before the stadium was opened in 1997, the club was based at the Victoria Ground, which had been their home ground since 1878. The club's nickname is 'The Potters', named after the pottery industry in Stoke-on-Trent and their traditional home kit is a red and white vertically striped shirt, white shorts and stockings. Stoke's traditional rivals are Midlands clubs West Bromwich Albion and Wolverhampton Wanderers whilst their local rivals are Port Vale with whom they contest the Potteries derby.
/m/0d6hn	Havana is the capital city, province, major port, and leading commercial centre of Cuba. The city proper has a population of 2.1 million inhabitants, and it spans a total of 728.26 km² − making it the largest city by area, the most populous city, and the third largest metropolitan area in the Caribbean region. The city extends mostly westward and southward from the bay, which is entered through a narrow inlet and which divides into three main harbours: Marimelena, Guanabacoa and Atarés. The sluggish Almendares River traverses the city from south to north, entering the Straits of Florida a few miles west of the bay.\nHavana was founded by the Spanish in the 16th century and due to its strategic location it served as a springboard for the Spanish conquest of the continent becoming a stopping point for the treasure laden Spanish Galleons on the crossing between the New World and the Old World. King Philip II of Spain granted Havana the title of City in 1592. Walls as well as forts were built to protect the old city. The sinking of the U.S. battleship Maine in Havana's harbor in 1898 was the immediate cause of the Spanish-American War.
/m/0jpdn	Frank Miller is an American writer, artist, and film director best known for his dark comic book stories and graphic novels such as Ronin, Daredevil: Born Again, The Dark Knight Returns, Sin City and 300. He also directed the film version of The Spirit, shared directing duties with Robert Rodriguez on Sin City and produced the film 300. He is also known for creating the comic book character Elektra.
/m/05gpy	Nathaniel Hawthorne was an American novelist and short story writer.\nHe was born in 1804 in Salem, Massachusetts to Nathaniel Hathorne and the former Elizabeth Clarke Manning. His ancestors include John Hathorne, the only judge involved in the Salem witch trials who never repented of his actions. Nathaniel later added a \"w\" to make his name \"Hawthorne\" in order to hide this relation. He entered Bowdoin College in 1821, was elected to Phi Beta Kappa in 1824, and graduated in 1825. Hawthorne published his first work, a novel titled Fanshawe, in 1828; he later tried to suppress it, feeling it was not equal to the standard of his later work. He published several short stories in various periodicals which he collected in 1837 as Twice-Told Tales. The next year, he became engaged to Sophia Peabody. He worked at a Custom House and joined Brook Farm, a transcendentalist community, before marrying Peabody in 1842. The couple moved to The Old Manse in Concord, Massachusetts, later moving to Salem, the Berkshires, then to The Wayside in Concord. The Scarlet Letter was published in 1850, followed by a succession of other novels. A political appointment took Hawthorne and family to Europe before their return to The Wayside in 1860. Hawthorne died on May 19, 1864, and was survived by his wife and their three children.
/m/03x8cz	Fueled by Ramen is an American record label which operates as a subsidiary of Warner Music Group, and is distributed by Atlantic Records. The label, founded in Gainesville, Florida, is now based in the city of New York. Allmusic has called it one of the \"epicenters of the emo-pop movement\".
/m/0f4vx0	The 2007 NBA draft was held on June 28, 2007 at the WaMu Theatre at Madison Square Garden in New York City, New York. It was broadcast on television in 115 countries. In this draft, National Basketball Association teams took turns selecting amateur U.S. college basketball players and other eligible players, including international players.\nFreshman Greg Oden from the Ohio State University was drafted first overall by the Portland Trail Blazers, who won the draft lottery. However, he missed the 2007–08 season due to microfracture surgery on his right knee during the pre-season. Another freshman, Kevin Durant, was drafted second overall from the University of Texas by the Seattle SuperSonics, and went on to win the Rookie of the Year Award for the 2007–08 season. Oden and Durant became the first freshmen to be selected with the top two picks in the draft. Al Horford, the son of former NBA player Tito Horford, was drafted third by the Atlanta Hawks. Of the three top picks, only Durant and Horford were able to enjoy solid All-Star careers, while Oden was beset by numerous microfracture surgeries on both knees that limited him to only 82 games from 2008 to 2010. As of the end of the 2012–13 NBA season, Oden has signed with the Miami Heat.
/m/034lk7	Staunton is an independent city in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 23,746. It is the county seat of surrounding Augusta County, although the two are separate jurisdictions.\nStaunton is a principal city of the Staunton-Waynesboro Metropolitan Statistical Area, which had a 2010 population of 118,502.\nStaunton is known for being the birthplace of Woodrow Wilson, the 28th U.S. president, and the home of Mary Baldwin College, historically a women's college. The city is also home to Stuart Hall, a private co-ed preparatory school, as well as the Virginia School for the Deaf and Blind.
/m/029zqn	Pleasantville is a 1998 American fantasy comedy-drama film written, produced, and directed by Gary Ross. The film stars Tobey Maguire, Jeff Daniels, Joan Allen, William H. Macy, J. T. Walsh, and Reese Witherspoon, with Don Knotts, Paul Walker, and Jane Kaczmarek in supporting roles. The film was released in the United States by New Line Cinema through Warner Bros. on October 23, 1998.\nThis was J. T. Walsh's final film appearance and was released after his death. The film was dedicated to his memory.
/m/03_ly	January is the first month of the year in the Julian and Gregorian calendars and one of seven months with the length of 31 days. The first day of the month is known as New Year's Day. It is, on average, the coldest month of the year within most of the Northern Hemisphere and the warmest month of the year within most of the Southern Hemisphere. In the Southern hemisphere, January is the seasonal equivalent of July in the Northern hemisphere and vice versa.\nJanuary starts on the same day of the week as October in common years, and starts on the same day of the week as April and July in leap years. In a common year, January ends on the same day of the week as February and October in a common year, and ends on the same day of the week as July in a leap year. In all years, January begins and ends on the same day of the week as May of the previous year.
/m/023b97	La Plata is the capital city of the Province of Buenos Aires, Argentina, and of the partido de La Plata. According to the 2001 census [INDEC], has a population of 740,369 and its metropolitan area has 894,253 inhabitants.\nLa Plata was planned and developed to serve as the provincial capital after the city of Buenos Aires was federalized in 1880, and it was officially founded by Governor Dardo Rocha on 19 November 1882. Its construction is fully documented in photographs by Tomás Bradley Sutton. La Plata was renamed Eva Perón City between 1952 and 1955.\nThe city is home to two important football teams: Estudiantes de La Plata, that play in the first division, and Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata,who just ascended back to first division.
/m/03wh8pq	David Lee is an American television producer, director, and writer. He was a writer and producer for the American sitcoms The Jeffersons and Cheers, as well as a co-creator, writer, director, and executive producer of Wings and Frasier alongside Peter Casey and the late David Angell under the Grub Street Productions.\nLee is openly gay and lives with his partner Mark Nichols, an interior designer.
/m/03_lf	Joseph Stalin or Iosif Vissarionovich Stalin, was the leader of the Soviet Union from the mid-1920s until his death in 1953.\nAmong the Bolshevik revolutionaries who took part in the Russian Revolution of 1917, Stalin was appointed general secretary of the party's Central Committee in 1922. He subsequently managed to consolidate power following the 1924 death of Lenin through suppressing Lenin's criticisms and expanding the functions of his role, all the while eliminating any opposition. By the late 1920s, he was the unchallenged leader of the Soviet Union. He remained general secretary until the post was abolished in 1952, concurrently serving as the Premier of the Soviet Union from 1941 onward.\nUnder Stalin's rule, the concept of \"socialism in one country\" became a central tenet of Soviet society. He replaced the New Economic Policy introduced by Lenin in the early 1920s with a highly centralised command economy, launching a period of industrialization and collectivization that resulted in the rapid transformation of the USSR from an agrarian society into an industrial power. However, the economic changes coincided with the imprisonment of millions of people in Soviet correctional labour camps and the deportation of many others to remote areas. The initial upheaval in agriculture disrupted food production and contributed to the catastrophic Soviet famine of 1932–1933, known as the Holodomor in Ukraine. Later, in a period that lasted from 1936–39, Stalin instituted a campaign against alleged enemies within his regime called the Great Purge, in which hundreds of thousands were executed. Major figures in the Communist Party, such as the old Bolsheviks, Leon Trotsky, and several Red Army leaders, were killed after being convicted of plotting to overthrow the government and Stalin. These campaigns were in addition to the existing political repression in the Soviet Union, which was in effect continually after the October Revolution.
/m/02g87m	Jason Matthew Biggs is an American actor best known for his role as Jim Levenstein in the American Pie series of teen comedy films and the current voice of Leonardo in Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and plays Larry Bloom in Orange Is the New Black.
/m/04ty8	Maldives, officially the Republic of the Maldives and also referred to as the Maldive Islands, is an island nation in the Indian Ocean consisting of a double chain of twenty-six atolls, oriented north-south, that lie between Minicoy Island and the Chagos Archipelago. The chains stand in the Laccadive Sea, about 700 kilometres south-west of Sri Lanka and 400 kilometres south-west of India.\nFor the majority of its history, the Maldives has been an independent polity, despite three instances during which it was ruled by outside forces. In the mid-16th century, for fifteen years, the Maldives was dominated by the Portuguese Empire. In the mid-17th century, the Dutch Empire dominated Maldives for four months. Finally, in the late 19th century, on the brink of war, the Maldives became a British protectorate from 1887 until 1965. The Dutch referred to the islands as the \"Maldivische Eilanden\", while the British anglicised the local name for the islands first to the \"Maldive Islands\" and later to the \"Maldives\". The islands gained independence from the British Empire in 1965 and became a republic in 1968 ruled by a president and an authoritarian government.
/m/02nfjp	Jay Chou is a Taiwanese musician, singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist and actor.\nIn 2000, Chou released his first album, titled Jay, under the record company Alfa Music. Since then his music has gained recognition throughout Asia, most notably in regions such as Taiwan, Mainland China, Hong Kong, Singapore, Malaysia and in western Asian communities such as in the United States and Australia. He has sold more than 30 million albums since his debut. Chou continues to write songs for other artists, work on his album and went on to win numerous awards in the music industry. In 2003, he was the cover story of Time magazine, acknowledging his influence on popular culture. He has since held five world tours, performing in cities around the world to more than 10 million people.\nChou debuted his acting career and made his film debut in Initial D, and also since ventured into many movie projects. He made his Hollywood debut in 2011 with The Green Hornet, starring alongside Seth Rogen and Cameron Diaz. Chou also manages his own record and management company JVR Music.
/m/01pnn3	Elizabeth Jane Hurley is an English model and actress.\nShe has been associated with the cosmetics company Estée Lauder since the company gave Hurley her first modelling job at the age of 29. It has featured her as a representative and model for its products, especially perfumes such as Sensuous, Intuition, and Pleasures, since 1995. Hurley owns an eponymous beachwear line.\nAs an actress, her best-known film roles to date have been as Vanessa Kensington in Mike Myers' hit spy comedy, Austin Powers: International Man of Mystery and as the Devil in Bedazzled.\nIn the 1990s, Hurley became known as the girlfriend of Hugh Grant. In 1994, as Grant became the focus of international media attention due to the success of his film Four Weddings and a Funeral, Hurley accompanied him to the film's Los Angeles premiere in a plunging black Versace dress held together with gold safety pins, which gained her instant media attention.
/m/027tbrc	The Tudors is an Irish-Canadian historical fiction television series set primarily in sixteenth-century England, created by Michael Hirst and produced for the American premium cable television channel Showtime. The series, although named after the Tudor dynasty as a whole, is based specifically upon the reign of King Henry VIII of England.
/m/018m5q	Fitzwilliam College is one of the constituent colleges of the University of Cambridge, England.\nThe college traces its origins back to 1869 and the foundation of the Non-Collegiate Students Board, a venture intended to offer students from less financially privileged backgrounds a chance to study at the university.\nThe institution was originally based at Fitzwilliam Hall, opposite the Fitzwilliam Museum in central Cambridge. Having moved to its present site in the north of the city, Fitzwilliam attained collegiate status in 1966. Female undergraduates were first admitted in 1978.\nFitzwilliam is home to around 450 undergraduates, 300 graduate students and 90 fellows.\nThe college is sometimes known to its members and others at Cambridge University as \"Fitz\".
/m/016732	Clive Davis is an American record producer and music industry executive. He has won five Grammy Awards and is a member of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a non-performer.\nFrom 1967 to 1973, Davis was the president of Columbia Records. He was the founder and president of Arista Records from 1975 through 2000 until founding J Records. From 2002 until April 2008, Davis was the chairman and CEO of the RCA Music Group, chairman and CEO of J Records, and chairman and CEO of BMG North America. Currently Davis is the chief creative officer of Sony Music Entertainment. He currently plays a part in the careers of Aretha Franklin, Rod Stewart, Alicia Keys, Barry Manilow, Christina Aguilera, Carlos Santana, Kelly Clarkson, Leona Lewis and Jennifer Hudson. Davis is credited with bringing Whitney Houston to prominence.\nDavis is an alumnus of New York University, where the Clive Davis Institute of Recorded Music, the recorded music division of its Tisch School of the Arts, is named after him.
/m/025n3p	Vin Diesel is an American actor, producer, director, and screenwriter. He came to prominence in the late 1990s, and first became known for appearing in Steven Spielberg's Saving Private Ryan in 1998. He is most known for his portrayals of Riddick in The Chronicles of Riddick trilogy and of Dominic Toretto in The Fast and the Furious film series, two franchises in which he also acted as producer.\nHe starred in xXx and Sidney Lumet's Find Me Guilty. His voice acting work includes Brad Bird's The Iron Giant, the video games of The Chronicles of Riddick franchise, and the upcoming Guardians of the Galaxy adaptation of the Marvel comics of the same name.\nAs a filmmaker, Diesel directed, wrote, produced and starred in the drama film Strays, as well as in two short films. He is the founder of the production companies One Race Films, Racetrack Records, and Tigon Studios.
/m/01tlyq	The Ontario Liberal Party is a provincial political party in the province of Ontario, Canada. It has formed the Government of Ontario since the provincial election of 2003. The party is ideologically aligned with the Liberal Party of Canada but the two parties are organizationally independent and have separate, though overlapping, memberships. The party is led by Kathleen Wynne, who was sworn in as Premier of Ontario on February 11, 2013 after winning the Ontario Liberal leadership election on January 26, 2013.
/m/05fnl9	Bryan Lee Cranston is an American actor, voice actor, screenwriter, director, and producer. He is best known for portraying Hal in the Fox comedy series Malcolm in the Middle and Walter White in the AMC crime drama series Breaking Bad.\nFor Breaking Bad, Cranston won the Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series three consecutive times, making him the first person to do so since Bill Cosby in the 1960s, as well as the award for Outstanding Drama Series, after he became one of the show's producers in 2011. He was also nominated three times for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series for his role in Malcolm in the Middle. His role in Breaking Bad also earned him five Golden Globe nominations and one win in 2014, nine Screen Actors Guild Awards nominations with four wins, and five Saturn Award nominations with two wins.\nCranston directed, wrote, produced and starred in a 1999 feature film entitled Last Chance, and has directed episodes of various television series, including seven episodes of Malcolm in the Middle and three episodes of Breaking Bad. He has also appeared in several critically acclaimed films such as Saving Private Ryan, Little Miss Sunshine, Drive, and Argo.
/m/0198b6	Happy Together is a 1997 Hong Kong film directed by Wong Kar-wai, starring Leslie Cheung and Tony Leung Chiu-Wai, that depicts a turbulent romance between two men. The English title is inspired by The Turtles' 1967 song, which is covered by Danny Chung on the film's soundtrack; the Chinese title is an idiomatic expression suggesting \"the exposure of something indecent.\"\nThe film received positive reviews from several film festivals, including a win for Best Director at the 1997 Cannes Film Festival.
/m/01dc60	CinemaScope is an anamorphic lens series used for shooting wide screen movies from 1953 to 1967. Its creation in 1953, by the president of 20th Century-Fox Spyros P. Skouras, marked the beginning of the modern anamorphic format in both principal photography and movie projection.\nThe anamorphic lenses theoretically allowed the process to create an image of up to a 2.66:1 aspect ratio, almost twice as wide as the previously common Academy format's 1.37:1 ratio. Although the CinemaScope lens system was made obsolete by new technological developments, primarily advanced by Panavision, the CinemaScope anamorphic format has continued to this day. In film-industry jargon, the shortened form, 'Scope, is still widely used by both filmmakers and projectionists, although today it generally refers to any 2.35:1, 2.39:1, or 2.40:1 presentation or, sometimes, the use of anamorphic lensing or projection in particular. Bausch & Lomb won a 1954 Oscar for its development of the CinemaScope lens.
/m/031v3p	William B. Davis is an actor and theatre director.
/m/01wv9xn	Pink Floyd were an English rock band that achieved international acclaim with their progressive and psychedelic music. Distinguished by their use of philosophical lyrics, sonic experimentation, and elaborate live shows, they are one of the most commercially successful and musically influential groups in the history of popular music.\nFounded in 1965, Pink Floyd originally consisted of students Syd Barrett, Nick Mason, Roger Waters, and Richard Wright. They first gained popularity performing in London's underground music scene during the late 1960s, and under Barrett's creative leadership they released two charting singles and a successful debut album. David Gilmour joined as a fifth member in December 1967; Barrett left the band in April 1968 due to his deteriorating mental health. After Barrett's departure, Waters became the band's primary lyricist, and by the mid-1970s, their dominant songwriter, devising the original concepts behind their critically and commercially acclaimed albums The Dark Side of the Moon, Wish You Were Here, Animals, The Wall and The Final Cut.\nWright left Pink Floyd in 1979, followed by Waters in 1985. Gilmour and Mason continued as Pink Floyd and Wright subsequently joined them as a paid musician. They continued to record and tour through 1994; two more albums followed, A Momentary Lapse of Reason and The Division Bell. Inducted into the US Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1996, and the UK Music Hall of Fame in 2005, as of 2013 they have sold more than 250 million records worldwide, including 74.5 million certified units in the United States.
/m/0gvbw	Pfizer, Inc. is an American multinational pharmaceutical corporation headquartered in New York City, and with its research headquarters in Groton, Connecticut, United States. It is one of the world's largest pharmaceutical companies by revenues.\nPfizer develops and produces medicines and vaccines for a wide range of medical disciplines, including immunology, oncology, cardiology, diabetology/endocrinology, and neurology. Pfizer's products include the blockbuster drug Lipitor, used to lower LDL blood cholesterol; Lyrica; Diflucan, an oral antifungal medication; Zithromax, an antibiotic; Viagra; and Celebrex/Celebra, an anti-inflammatory drug.\nPfizer was founded by cousins Charles Pfizer and Charles Erhart in New York City in 1849 as a manufacturer of fine chemicals. Pfizer's discovery of Terramycin in 1950 put it on a path towards becoming a research-based pharmaceutical company. Pfizer has made numerous acquisitions, including Warner–Lambert in 2000, Pharmacia in 2003 and Wyeth in 2009. The Wyeth acquisition was the largest of the three at US$68 billion. Pfizer is listed on the New York Stock Exchange, and its shares have been a component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average since April 2004.
/m/038zh6	The England cricket team is the team that represents England and Wales in international cricket. Since 1 January 1997 it has been governed by the England and Wales Cricket Board, having been previously governed by Marylebone Cricket Club from 1903 until the end of 1996.\nEngland and Australia were the first teams to play a Test match, and those two countries together with South Africa formed the Imperial Cricket Conference on 15 June 1909. England and Australia also played the first One Day International on 5 January 1971. England's first international Twenty20 match was played on 13 June 2005 against Australia. As of 5 January 2014, England have won 336 of the 945 Test matches they have played and lost 273. England's One Day International record includes finishing as runners-up in three Cricket World Cups, and also as runners up in the ICC Champions Trophy in 2004 and 2013. They won the ICC World Twenty20 in 2010.\nAs of 3 February 2014, the team is ranked fourth in the ICC Test rankings, fourth in the ODI rankings and eighth in T20 Internationals and the Twenty20 world rankings.
/m/01z6gc	Penzance is a town, civil parish and port in Cornwall, in England, United Kingdom. It is well known for being the most westerly major town in Cornwall and is approximately 75 miles west of Plymouth and 300 miles west-southwest of London. Situated in the shelter of Mount's Bay, the town faces south-east onto the English Channel, is bordered to the west by the fishing port of Newlyn, to the north by the civil parish of Madron and to the east by the civil parish of Ludgvan.\nGranted various royal charters from 1512 onwards and incorporated in 1614, it has a population of 21,200.
/m/0ylsr	Corpus Christi College is one of the constituent colleges of the University of Oxford in the United Kingdom. Founded in 1517, it is the 12th oldest college in Oxford, with an estimated financial endowment of £58m as of 2006.\nThe college, situated on Merton Street between Merton College and Oriel College, is one of the smallest in Oxford by student population, having around 230 undergraduates and 120 graduates. It is academic by Oxford standards, averaging in the top half of the university's informal ranking system, the Norrington Table, in recent years, and coming second in 2009-10.\nThe college has had for a long time a reputation as specializing and excelling in Classics, due to the emphasis placed upon this subject since its founding; to this day it takes more students to study Classics each year than any other single subject.\nThe college's historical significance includes its role in the translation of the King James Bible. The college is also noted for the pillar sundial in the main quadrangle, known as the Pelican Sundial, which was erected in 1581 by Charles Turnbull. Corpus achieved notability in more recent years when teams representing them won University Challenge on 9 May 2005 and once again on 23 February 2009, although the latter win was later disqualified.
/m/0p9nv	Richmond is a city largely within Wayne Township, Wayne County, in east central Indiana, United States, which borders Ohio. The city also includes the Richmond Municipal Airport, which is in Boston Township and separated from the rest of the city. It is sometimes called the \"cradle of recorded jazz\" because some early jazz records were made here at the studio of Gennett Records, a division of the Starr Piano Company.\nRichmond is the county seat of Wayne County, and in the 2010 census, it had a population of 36,812. The city has twice received the All-America City Award, most recently in 2009.
/m/01gct2	Timothy Theodore \"Tim\" Duncan nicknamed \"The Big Fundamental\" is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for the San Antonio Spurs of the National Basketball Association. The 6-foot 11-inch, 250-pound power forward/center is a four-time NBA champion, two-time NBA MVP, three-time NBA Finals MVP, and NBA Rookie of the Year. He is a 14-time NBA All-Star and the only player in NBA history to be selected to both All-NBA and All-Defensive Teams during each of his first 13 seasons.\nDuncan started out as a swimmer and only began playing basketball in ninth grade after Hurricane Hugo destroyed the only Olympic-sized pool on his home of St. Croix, U.S. Virgin Islands. He soon became a standout for St. Dunstan's Episcopal High School, and had an illustrious college career with the Wake Forest University Demon Deacons, winning the Naismith College Player of the Year, USBWA College Player of the Year and John Wooden awards in his final year. Duncan graduated from college before entering the 1997 NBA Draft as the number one pick. His list of accomplishments, remarkable consistency, and leadership in the Spurs' NBA championship runs in 1999, 2003, 2005, and 2007 have led basketball experts to consider him to be one of the greatest players in NBA history.
/m/0fy34l	A Simple Plan is a 1998 American drama film directed by Sam Raimi, based on the novel of the same name by Scott Smith, who also wrote the screenplay of the film. The film stars Bill Paxton, Billy Bob Thornton and Bridget Fonda. It was shot in Delano, Minnesota and Ashland and Saxon, Wisconsin. Billy Bob Thornton was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor. Scott Smith was nominated for the Academy Award for Writing Adapted Screenplay.\nSeveral prominent critics praised the film for its complexity and taut suspense.
/m/0fn5bx	Jamia Suzette Mays, better known as Jayma Mays, is an American actress and singer. She is known for playing Emma Pillsbury on the Fox musical series Glee, and the film roles of Amy in Paul Blart: Mall Cop and Grace in The Smurfs. Since October 2013, she has played the role of Debbie on the sitcom The Millers.
/m/01mszz	An Alan Smithee Film: Burn Hollywood Burn is a 1998 comedy film. The film was critically panned, winning five awards at the 1998 Golden Raspberry Awards. The film had an estimated budget of $10 million and grossed at least $52,850, as it was only released in 19 theaters.\nThe film's creation set off a chain of events which would lead the Directors Guild of America to officially discontinue the Alan Smithee credit in 2000. Its plot eventually described the film's own production; director Arthur Hiller requested that his name be removed after witnessing the final cut of the film by the studio.
/m/0pc7r	Worcester is a city and the county seat of Worcester County, Massachusetts, United States. Named after Worcester, England, as of the 2010 Census the city's population was 181,045, making it the second largest city in New England after Boston. Worcester is located approximately 40 miles west of Boston, and 38 miles east of Springfield. Due to its location in Central Massachusetts, amidst Massachusetts' major metropolitan regions, Worcester is known as the \"Heart of the Commonwealth\", thus, a heart is the official symbol of the city.\nWorcester was considered its own region for centuries; however, with the encroachment of Boston's suburbs, it now marks the western periphery of the Boston-Worcester-Manchester U.S. Census Combined Statistical Area, or Greater Boston. The city features many examples of Victorian-era mill architecture.
/m/0274ck	Devin Garret Townsend is a Canadian musician, songwriter and record producer. He was the founder, songwriter, vocalist, and guitarist in extreme metal band Strapping Young Lad from 1994 to 2007 and has had an extensive career as a solo artist.\nAfter performing in a number of metal bands in high school, Townsend was discovered by a record label in 1993 and was asked to perform lead vocals on Steve Vai's album Sex & Religion. After recording and touring with Vai, Townsend was discouraged by what he found in the music industry, and vented his anger on a solo album released under the pseudonym Strapping Young Lad. He soon assembled a band under the name, and released the critically acclaimed City in 1997. Since then, he has released three more studio albums with Strapping Young Lad, along with solo material released under his own independent record label, HevyDevy Records.\nTownsend's solo albums, a diverse mix of hard rock, progressive metal, ambient, and new age, have featured a varying lineup of supporting musicians. In 2002 he formed The Devin Townsend Band, a dedicated lineup which recorded and toured for two of his solo releases. In 2007, he disbanded both Strapping Young Lad and The Devin Townsend Band, taking a break from touring to spend more time with his family. After a two-year hiatus, he began recording again, and soon announced the formation of the Devin Townsend Project. The project began with a series of four albums, released from 2009 to 2011, each written in a different style, and Townsend continues to record and tour under the new moniker.
/m/09wj5	Orlando Jonathan Blanchard Bloom is an English actor. He had his break-through roles in 2001 as the elf-prince Legolas in The Lord of the Rings film trilogy and in 2003 as blacksmith Will Turner in the Pirates of the Caribbean film series. He subsequently established himself as a lead in Hollywood films, including Elizabethtown and Kingdom of Heaven. He appeared in the ensemble films Black Hawk Down; Troy; New York, I Love You; Sympathy for Delicious; and Main Street. Bloom made his professional stage debut in West End's In Celebration at the Duke of York's Theatre, St. Martin's Lane, which ended its run on 15 September 2007. On 12 October 2009, Bloom was named a UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador. He reprised his role as Legolas in parts two and three of The Hobbit film trilogy.
/m/01q_22	Srinagar is the summer capital of the Indian State of Jammu and Kashmir. It is situated in the Kashmir Valley and lies on the banks of the Jhelum River, a tributary of the Indus. The city is famous for its gardens, lakes and houseboats. It is also known for traditional Kashmiri handicrafts and dry fruits.
/m/01z7s_	Emilio Estevez is an American actor, director, and writer. He started his career as an actor and is well known for being a member of the acting Brat Pack of the 1980s, starring in The Breakfast Club and St. Elmo's Fire. He is also known for Repo Man, The Mighty Ducks and its sequels, Maximum Overdrive, Bobby, and his performances in Western films such as Young Guns and its sequel.
/m/0lhn5	Savannah is the oldest city in the U.S. state of Georgia and the county seat of Chatham County. Established in 1733, the city of Savannah became the British colonial capital of the Province of Georgia and later the first state capital of Georgia. A strategic port city in the American Revolution and during the American Civil War, Savannah is today an industrial center and an important Atlantic seaport. It is Georgia's fifth-largest city and third-largest metropolitan area.\nEach year Savannah attracts millions of visitors, who enjoy the city's architecture and historic buildings: the birthplace of Juliette Gordon Low, the Georgia Historical Society, the Telfair Academy of Arts and Sciences, the First African Baptist Church, Temple Mickve Israel, and the Central of Georgia Railway roundhouse complex.\nSavannah's downtown area, which includes the Savannah Historic District, the Savannah Victorian Historic District and 22 parklike squares, is one of the largest National Historic Landmark Districts in the United States. Downtown Savannah largely retains the original town plan prescribed by founder James Oglethorpe. Savannah was the host city for the sailing competitions during the 1996 Summer Olympics held in Atlanta.
/m/016y_f	Cape Fear is a 1991 American psychological thriller film directed by Martin Scorsese and a remake of the 1962 film of the same name. It stars Robert De Niro, Nick Nolte, Jessica Lange and Juliette Lewis and features cameos from Gregory Peck, Robert Mitchum and Martin Balsam, who all appeared in the 1962 original film.\nThe film tells the story of a convicted rapist who, using mostly his newfound knowledge of the law and its numerous loopholes, seeks vengeance against a former public defender whom he blames for his 14-year imprisonment due to purposefully faulty defense tactics used during his trial.\nThe film marks the seventh of eight collaborations between Scorsese and De Niro, following Mean Streets, Taxi Driver, New York, New York, Raging Bull, The King of Comedy, Goodfellas, and ending with Casino.\nThe film received Academy Award and Golden Globe nominations for Best Actor and Best Supporting Actress.
/m/03czz87	Survivor is the American version of the Survivor reality game show, itself derived from the Swedish television series Expedition Robinson originally created in 1997 by Charlie Parsons. The series premiered on May 31, 2000, on CBS. It is hosted by television personality Jeff Probst, who is also an executive producer, and also executive produced by Mark Burnett and original creator, Charlie Parsons.\nThe show maroons a group of strangers in a desolate locale, where they must provide food, water, fire, and shelter for themselves, while competing in challenges to earn either a reward, or an immunity from expulsion from the game in the next of the successive votes for elimination. While much less common than elimination by vote, medical conditions, such as injury or infection, have eliminated several contestants. The last two or three survivors face a jury composed of the last seven, eight, or nine players voted off. That jury interrogates the final few, and then votes for the winner of the game, the title of Sole Survivor and a million dollar prize.\nThe American version has been very successful. From the 2000–01 through the 2005–06 television seasons its first eleven seasons rated amongst the top ten most watched shows. It is commonly considered the leader of American reality TV because it was the first highly rated and profitable reality show on broadcast television in the USA, and is considered one of the best shows of the 2000s. The series has been nominated for several Emmy Awards, including winning for Outstanding Sound Mixing in 2001, Outstanding Special Class Program in 2002, and was subsequently nominated four times for Outstanding Reality-Competition Program when the category was introduced in 2003. Jeff Probst has won the award for Outstanding Host for a Reality or Reality-Competition Program four consecutive times since the award was introduced in 2008. In 2007, the series was included in Time magazine's list of the 100 greatest TV shows of all-time.
/m/0203v	Colin Luther Powell is an American statesman and a retired four-star general in the United States Army. He was the 65th United States Secretary of State, serving under U.S. President George W. Bush from 2001 to 2005, the first African American to serve in that position. During his military career, Powell also served as National Security Advisor, as Commander of the U.S. Army Forces Command and as Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, holding the latter position during the Persian Gulf War. He was the first, and so far the only, African American to serve on the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and was the first of two consecutive African American office-holders to hold the key Administration position of U.S. Secretary of State.
/m/01cwcr	Alan Cumming, OBE, is a Scottish actor who has appeared in numerous films, television shows and plays.\nHis London stage appearances include Hamlet, the Maniac in Accidental Death of an Anarchist, the lead in Bent, and the National Theatre of Scotland's The Bacchae. On Broadway he has appeared in The Threepenny Opera, the master of ceremonies in Cabaret, and Design for Living. Cumming also introduces Masterpiece Mystery! for PBS and appears on The Good Wife, for which he has been nominated for two Primetime Emmy Awards, two Screen Actors Guild Awards, and a Satellite Award.\nHe has also written a novel, Tommy's Tale, had a cable talk show called Eavesdropping with Alan Cumming, and produced a line of perfumed products labelled \"Cumming\". He has contributed opinion pieces to many publications and performed a cabaret show, I Bought A Blue Car Today. Cumming has also promoted LGBT rights, same-sex marriage, and sexual health charities.\nRetaining his British citizenship, Cumming became a naturalized U.S. citizen in 2008.
/m/07xtqq	One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest is a 1975 American drama film directed by Miloš Forman, based on the 1962 novel One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest by Ken Kesey, and starring Jack Nicholson, Louise Fletcher, and Will Sampson. The supporting cast features William Redfield, Brad Dourif, Danny DeVito, Christopher Lloyd, and Scatman Crothers.\nThe film was the second to win all five major Academy Awards following It Happened One Night in 1934, an accomplishment not repeated until 1991 by The Silence of the Lambs.\nThe film is #33 on the American Film Institute's 100 Years... 100 Movies list. It was shot at Oregon State Hospital in Salem, Oregon, which was also the setting of the novel.
/m/0blbxk	Taraji Penda Henson is an American actress and singer. She is known for her roles as Yvette in Baby Boy, Shug in Hustle and Flow and Queenie in The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, for which she was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress in 2009. From 2011 to 2013, she co-starred in the CBS drama Person of Interest.
/m/01q460	The National University of Singapore is a comprehensive research university located in Singapore, being the flagship tertiary institution of the country which has a global approach to education and research. Founded in 1905, it is the oldest higher learning institute in Singapore, as well as the largest university in the country in terms of student enrolment and curriculum offered.\nThe university's main campus is located in southwest Singapore at Kent Ridge, with an area of approximately 1.5 km². The Bukit Timah campus houses the Faculty of Law, Lee Kuan Yew School of Public Policy and research institutes, while the Duke-NUS Graduate Medical School Singapore is located at the Outram campus. It is the best university in Asia as of 2013 QS World Rankings.\nThe former British Prime Minister Tony Blair had named NUS as the headquarters of his Asian Faith and Globalization Initiative together with Durham University in the UK and Yale University in the USA to deliver an exclusive programme in partnership with Tony Blair Faith Foundation.
/m/0841zn	Lars Justin Hirschfeld is a Canadian soccer goalkeeper currently playing for Vålerenga Fotball in Norway.
/m/0135cw	The Bharatiya Janata Party is one of the two major parties in the Indian political system, the other being the Indian National Congress. Established in 1980, it is India's second largest political party in terms of representation in parliament and in the various state assemblies.\nThe BJP's roots lie in the Bharatiya Jana Sangh; formed in 1951 by Syama Prasad Mookerjee. For the 1977 general elections, the Jana Sangh merged with several parties to form the Janata Party to defeat the incumbent Congress party. Following Janata's dissolution in 1980, the rank and file of the erstwhile Jana Sangh reconvened as the Bharatiya Janata Party. Although initially unsuccessful, winning only two seats in the 1984 general election, the BJP soon grew in strength on the wave of the Ram Janmabhoomi movement, and came to power in several states. Following a series of increasingly better performances at the national elections, the party was invited to form the government in 1996, albeit only for 13 days.\nFrom 1998 to 2004, the BJP-led National Democratic Alliance, a coalition of several parties, formed the national government. Headed by Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee, it was the first non-Congress government to last a full term in office. Since its surprising defeat in the 2004 general elections, the BJP has been the principal opposition party in parliament. The party is currently directly in power in five states. Gujarat Chief Minister Narendra Modi is the NDA's prime-ministerial candidate for the upcoming 2014 general elections.
/m/06953q	Minimal techno is a minimalist sub-genre of techno. It is characterized by a stripped-down aesthetic that exploits the use of repetition, and understated development. Minimal techno is thought to have been originally developed in the early 1990s by Detroit-based producers Robert Hood and Daniel Bell. By the early 2000s the term 'minimal' generally described a style of techno that was popularised in Germany by labels such as Kompakt, Perlon, and Richie Hawtin's M-nus, amongst others.
/m/04q7r	Lute can refer generally to any string instrument having the strings running in a plane parallel to the sound table, more specifically to any plucked string instrument with a neck and a deep round back, or more specifically to an instrument from the family of European lutes.\nThe European lute and the modern Near-Eastern oud both descend from a common ancestor via diverging evolutionary paths. The lute is used in a great variety of instrumental music from the Medieval to the late Baroque eras and was the most important instrument for secular music in the Renaissance. It is also an accompanying instrument, especially in vocal works, often realizing a basso continuo or playing a written-out accompaniment. The player of a lute is called a lutenist, lutanist, \"lewtist\" or lutist, and a maker of lutes is referred to as a luthier.
/m/05v45k	William Scott \"Jack\" Elam was an American film actor best known for his numerous roles as villains in Western films and, later in his career, comedies. His most distinguishing physical quality was the iris of his left eye, which was skewed to the outside, making him look unnaturally \"wide eyed\".
/m/04d_mtq	Paul Kevin Jonas II, better known as Kevin Jonas and KJ2, is an American musician and actor. He is the oldest member of the Jonas Brothers, a pop rock band he created with his younger brothers Joe and Nick. In 2008, he appeared on People magazine's list of the Sexiest Men Alive. On December 19, 2009, he married Danielle Deleasa, whom he had met in the Bahamas in summer of 2007. As of August 2012, Jonas and his wife star in their own E! reality series, Married to Jonas.
/m/04ldyx1	This is a list of winners and nominees of the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Music Composition for a Series.
/m/023vwt	Sialkot is a city and capital of Sialkot District located in the north-east of the Punjab province in Pakistan and is 13th in the List of most populated metropolitan areas in Pakistan. It is located at the foot of Kashmir hills near the Chenab River. The city is about 125 km north of Lahore. The recorded history of Sialkot covers thousands of years. Sialkot has, since its foundation, experienced migrations of Hindu, Buddhist, Persian, Greek, Afghan, Turk, Sikh, Mughal and British people to that of present-day Pakistan. Sialkot has been the birthplace of many noted personalities, including philosopher / poet Dr Muhammad Iqbal, poet Faiz Ahmad Faiz, the second Prime Minister of India, Gulzarilal Nanda, writer Rajinder Singh Bedi, Kuldip Nayyar and a number of sports and art personalities.
/m/0499lc	John Patrick Shanley is a Pulitzer Prize winning American playwright, an Oscar winning screenwriter, and a theatre and film director.
/m/0m2by	Pima County is a county in the south central region of the U.S. state of Arizona. The county is named after the Pima Native Americans which are indigenous to this area. The population was 980,263 at the 2010 census. The county seat is Tucson, where nearly all of the population is centered. It borders between southwestern Arizona and northwestern Mexico's Sonora state. In 2015, the population of the county has been predicted to be 1,132,440. Pima County contains parts of the Tohono O'odham Nation, as well as all of the San Xavier Indian Reservation, the Pascua Yaqui Indian Reservation, Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument, Ironwood Forest National Monument and Saguaro National Park.\nThe vast majority of the county population lies in and around the city of Tucson, filling much of the eastern part of the county with urban development. Tucson, Arizona's second largest city, is a major commercial and academic center. Other urban areas include the Tucson suburbs of Oro Valley, Marana, Sahuarita, and South Tucson, a large ring of unincorporated urban development, and the growing satellite town Green Valley. The rest of the county is sparsely populated; the largest towns are Sells, the capital of the Tohono O'odham Nation, and Ajo in the far western region of the county.
/m/087v17	Milton R. Krasner, A.S.C. was a cinematographer who won an Academy Award for Three Coins in the Fountain.
/m/01wwnh2	Lukasz Sebastian \"Luke\" Gottwald, better known as Dr. Luke, is an American songwriter, record producer, multi-instrumentalist, and remixer. Dr. Luke's professional music career began in the late night television sketch comedy Saturday Night Live as its house band's lead guitarist in 1997 and producing remixes for artists such as Bon Jovi and Gravediggaz. He came into music prominence in 2004 for producing Kelly Clarkson's single \"Since U Been Gone\" with Swedish record producer Max Martin.\nDr. Luke continued to co-write and produce commercially successful records such as \"Who Knew\" for Pink, \"Girlfriend\" for Avril Lavigne, and \"I Kissed a Girl\" for Katy Perry, before leaving Saturday Night Live and reuniting with Clarkson for \"My Life Would Suck Without You\" and with Perry for \"Roar\".\nWhile continuing to produce for Perry, Lavigne, and Pink, Dr. Luke has also worked with other artists, including Taio Cruz, B.o.B, Jessie J, Britney Spears, Flo Rida, Miley Cyrus, Nicki Minaj, Juicy J and Rihanna. Dr. Luke is also noted for signing recording artists such as Kesha and Sabi and playing a vital part in their careers.\nDr. Luke's work has been merited for various music industry awards. Music publication Billboard named him as one of the top performing producers of the 2000s. The American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers awarded him Producer and Songwriter of the Year honors from 2009 to 2011. At the 53rd Grammy Awards, was nominated for a Grammy Award for Producer of the Year, Non-Classical, and Perry's Teenage Dream was nominated for Grammy Award for Album of the Year.
/m/01gstn	The Sixteenth United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, consisting of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, D.C. from March 4, 1819 to March 4, 1821, during the third and fourth years of James Monroe's presidency. The apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives was based on the Third Census of the United States in 1810. Both chambers had a Democratic-Republican majority.
/m/01hq1	Batman Returns is a 1992 American superhero fantasy film produced and directed by Tim Burton, based upon the Batman character appearing in magazines published by DC Comics. It is the second installment of Warner Bros.' initial Batman film series, with Michael Keaton reprising the title role of Bruce Wayne/Batman. The film introduces the characters of Max Shreck, a business tycoon who teams up with the Penguin to take over Gotham City, as well as the character of Catwoman.\nBurton originally did not want to direct another Batman film because of his mixed emotions toward the previous film in 1989. Daniel Waters delivered a script that satisfied Burton; Wesley Strick did an uncredited rewrite, removing the characters of Harvey Dent and Robin and rewriting the climax. Before Pfeiffer's casting, Demi Moore and Nicole Kidman were each offered the role of Catwoman, but both of them turned it down. Filming of Batman Returns started in Burbank, California in June 1991.\nBatman Returns was released on June 19, 1992 to financial and critical success, though it caused some controversy for being darker than its predecessor. The film's budget was an estimated $80 million, while it made $45,687,710 in the United States during its opening weekend, grossing $282,800,000 worldwide. The film was nominated for the Academy Awards for Best Visual Effects and Best Makeup, as well as winning the Saturn Award for Best Makeup. It was also nominated for a Saturn Award in the categories of Best Fantasy Film, Best Director for Burton, Best Supporting Actor for DeVito and Best Costume.
/m/08lg0g	Silkeborg IF is a professional Danish football club in Silkeborg, Denmark. Silkeborg IF plays in the Danish 1st Division, the second highest football league in Denmark. The club was founded in 1917, reached the highest level of Danish football in 1987, and was during the 1990s one of the most successfully football clubs in Denmark, achieving a first place in the league in 1993-94, a third place in 1994/1995, a second place in 1997-98 as well as a Danish Cup victory in 2001. Silkeborg IF has participated in European games several times, and won the Intertoto Cup in 1996.
/m/06cv1	Robert Anthony Rodríguez is an American film director, screenwriter, producer, cinematographer, editor and musician. He shoots and produces many of his films in his native Texas and Mexico. He has directed successful, and ground-breaking film Sagas, such as: the Mexico Trilogy, From Dusk Till Dawn's film, sequels, and the upcoming TV series, The Faculty, The Adventures of Sharkboy and Lavagirl in 3-D, Spy Kids, Sin City, Planet Terror, and Machete. He is a friend and frequent collaborator of filmmaker Quentin Tarantino. In mid December 2013, Rodriguez is launching his own Cable TV Channel: El Rey.
/m/0m257	Cochise County is a county located in the southeastern corner of the U.S. state of Arizona. The population was 131,346 at the 2010 census. The county seat is Bisbee. Cochise County is also considered the Sierra Vista-Douglas Metropolitan Area. This county borders southwestern New Mexico, southeastern Arizona, and northwestern Mexico's Sonora state.
/m/0nccd	The London Borough of Enfield is a suburban London borough in north London, England. It borders the London Boroughs of Barnet, Haringey and Waltham Forest, the districts of Hertsmere, Welwyn Hatfield and Broxbourne in Hertfordshire, and Epping Forest in Essex. The local authority is Enfield London Borough Council.
/m/07gp9	Terminator 2: Judgment Day is a 1991 American science fiction action film, the second installment of the Terminator franchise and the sequel to The Terminator. Directed by James Cameron and written by Cameron and William Wisher, Jr., it stars Arnold Schwarzenegger, Linda Hamilton, Robert Patrick, and Edward Furlong. Terminator 2 follows Sarah Connor and her ten-year-old son John as they are pursued by a new, more advanced Terminator, the liquid metal, shapeshifting T-1000, sent back in time to 1995 to kill John and prevent him from becoming the leader of the human Resistance against the machines. An older, less advanced Terminator is also sent back in time to protect John.\nAfter a troubled pre-production characterized by legal disputes, Mario Kassar of Carolco Pictures emerged with the franchise's property rights in early 1990. This paved the way for the completion of the screenplay by the Cameron-led production team, and the October 1990 start of a shorter-than-originally-planned 186-day filming schedule. The production of Terminator 2 required an unprecedented budget of more than $94 million, much of which was spent on filming and special effects. The film was released on July 3, 1991, in time for the U.S. Fourth of July weekend.
/m/018dyl	Klaus Voormann is a German artist, musician, and record producer. He designed artwork for many bands including the Beatles, the Bee Gees, Wet Wet Wet and Turbonegro. His most notable work as a producer was his work with the band Trio, including their worldwide hit \"Da Da Da\". As a musician, Voormann is best known for being the bassist for Manfred Mann from 1966 to 1969, and for performing as a session musician on a host of recordings, including many by former members of the Beatles.\nHis association with the Beatles dated back to their time in Hamburg in the early 1960s. He lived in the band's London flat with George Harrison and Ringo Starr after John Lennon and Paul McCartney moved out to live with their respective partners, and designed the cover of their album Revolver, for which he won a Grammy. Following the band's split, rumours circulated of the formation of a group named the Ladders, consisting of Lennon, Harrison, Starr and Voormann. This failed to materialise, outside of all four Ladders performing on the Ringo Starr track \"I'm the Greatest\", although Voormann did play on albums by Lennon, Harrison and Starr, and was for a time a member of the Plastic Ono Band. In the 1990s, he designed the artwork for the Beatles Anthology albums.
/m/0bzyh	Robert Bernard Altman was an American film director and screenwriter. A five time nominee of the Academy Award for Best Director and an enduring figure from the New Hollywood era, Altman was considered a \"maverick\" in making films that are highly naturalistic, but with a stylized perspective unlike most Hollywood films.\nHis style of filmmaking was unique among directors in that his subjects covered most genres but with a \"subversive\" twist, typically relying on satire and humor to express his personal vision. Altman developed a reputation for being \"anti-Hollywood\" and non-conformist in both his themes and directing style. However, actors especially enjoyed working under his direction because he encouraged them to improvise, thereby inspiring their own creativity.\nHe preferred large casts for his films, and developed a multitrack recording technique which produced overlapping dialogue from multiple actors. This produced a more natural, more dynamic, and more complex experience for the viewer. He also used highly mobile camera work and zoom lenses to enhance the activity taking place on the screen. Critic Pauline Kael, writing about his directing style, says \"he can make film fireworks out of next to nothing.\"
/m/057m6	Massively multiplayer online role-playing game mixes the genres of role-playing video games and massively multiplayer online games, possibly in the form of web browser-based games, in which a very large number of players interact with one another within a virtual world.\nAs in all RPGs, players assume the role of a character and take control over many of that character's actions. MMORPGs are distinguished from single-player or small multi-player online RPGs by the number of players, and by the game's persistent world, which continues to exist and evolve while the player is offline and away from the game.\nMMORPGs are played throughout the world. Worldwide revenues for MMORPGs exceeded half a billion dollars in 2005, and Western revenues exceeded US$1 billion in 2006. In 2008, Western consumer spending on subscription MMOGs grew to $1.4 billion. World of Warcraft, a popular MMORPG, has more than 7 million subscribers as of July 2013. Star Wars: The Old Republic, released in 2011, became the world's 'Fastest-Growing MMO Ever' after gaining 1 million subscribers within the first three days of its launch.
/m/01jnc_	Blues Brothers 2000 is a 1998 American musical comedy film that is a sequel to 1980's The Blues Brothers. Directed by John Landis, the film featured Dan Aykroyd and John Goodman, with cameos by many musicians.
/m/01gst_	The Seventeenth United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, consisting of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, D.C. from March 4, 1821 to March 4, 1823, during the fifth and sixth years of James Monroe's presidency. The apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives was based on the third Census of the United States in 1810. Both chambers had a Democratic-Republican majority. All members of this Congress are deceased.
/m/0dm0f	Shropshire is a county in the West Midlands of England. It borders Wales to the west, Cheshire to the north, Staffordshire to the east, Worcestershire to the south-east and Herefordshire to the south. Shropshire Council was created in 2009, a unitary authority taking over from the previous county council and five district councils. The borough of Telford and Wrekin has been a separate unitary authority since 1998 but continues to be included in the ceremonial county.\nThe county's population and economy is centred on five towns: the county town of Shrewsbury, which is culturally and historically important and is located in the centre of the county; Telford, a new town in the east which was constructed around a number of older towns, most notably Wellington, Dawley and Madeley, which is today the most populous; and Oswestry in the north-west, Bridgnorth just to the south of Telford, and Ludlow in the south. The county has many market towns, including Whitchurch in the north, Newport north-east of Telford and Market Drayton in the north-east of the county.\nThe Ironbridge Gorge area is a UNESCO World Heritage Site, covering Ironbridge, Coalbrookdale and a part of Madeley. There are, additionally, other notable historic industrial sites located around the county, such as at Shrewsbury, Broseley, Snailbeach and Highley as well as the Shropshire Union Canal.²
/m/04fv5b	Book of Shadows: Blair Witch 2 is a 2000 American psychological horror film and the sequel to The Blair Witch Project, directed by Joe Berlinger. Another sequel was planned but never materialized. In August 2009, in a BBC News feature to mark the 10th anniversary of the first film, Daniel Myrick and Eduardo Sánchez, the director/creators of the original movie have discussed potentially making a third film.
/m/0gbwp	Janet Damita Jo Jackson is an American recording artist and actress. Known for a series of sonically innovative, socially conscious and sexually provocative records, as well as elaborate stage shows, television appearances, and film roles, she is a prominent figure in popular culture.\nAfter signing a recording contract with A&M, she came to prominence following the release of her third studio album, Control. Her collaborations with record producers Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis incorporated elements of pop with rhythm and blues, dance, funk, hip-hip, and industrial overtones, leading to appeal in popular music. Her fourth album, Rhythm Nation 1814, focused on socially conscious themes and various musical styles, and made Jackson the only artist in history to garner seven top five singles from the same album. In addition to receiving recognition for the innovation of her records, choreography, music videos, and prominence on radio and music channels, she was acknowledged as a role model for her lyrical substance.\nJackson signed the first of two record-breaking, multimillion dollar contracts with Virgin Records, establishing her as one of the industry's highest paid artists. Her debut album under the label, janet., saw her develop a public image as a sex symbol as she began to explore carnality in her work. Upon its release, she played the starring role in the film Poetic Justice; and has continued to act in feature films, including The Nutty Professor II: The Klumps and the Why Did I Get Married? franchise. Her following album, The Velvet Rope, discussed themes of depression and sadomasochism, spawning the biggest hit of her career, \"Together Again.\" By the end of the nineties, Billboard named her the second most successful recording artist of the decade, following Mariah Carey. All for You, Jackson's seventh album, returned to an upbeat, optimistic sound. It was succeeded by Damita Jo, 20 Y.O., and Discipline.
/m/0mw93	Washington County is a county located in the US state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2010 census, the population was 207,820. Its county seat is Washington.\nWashington County was created on March 28, 1781, from part of Westmoreland County. Both the county and the city were named for American Revolutionary War leader George Washington, later to become the first President of the United States. The county is home to Washington County Airport, located three miles southwest of Washington, Pennsylvania.\nWashington County is included in the Pittsburgh metropolitan area.
/m/0zchj	Bend is a city in and the county seat of Deschutes County, Oregon, United States. It is the principal city of the Bend, Oregon Metropolitan Statistical Area. Bend is Central Oregon's largest city, and despite its modest size, is the de facto metropolis of the region, owing to the low population density of that area. Bend recorded a population of 76,693 at the time of the 2010 US Census, up from 52,029 at the 2000 census. The estimated population of Bend as of 2012 is 79,109.\nBend's metro population was estimated at 170,705 as of July 1, 2009. The Bend MSA is the 5th largest metropolitan area in Oregon.\nBend is located on the eastern edge of the Cascade Range along the Deschutes River. Here the Ponderosa Pine forest transitions into the high desert, characterized by arid land, junipers, sagebrush, and bitter-brush. Originally a crossing point on the river, settlement began in the early 1900s. Bend was incorporated as a city in 1905. Economically, it started as a logging town but is now identified as a gateway for many outdoor sports, including mountain biking, fishing, hiking, camping, rock climbing, white-water rafting, skiing, and golf.
/m/01ym8l	Sirius Satellite Radio is a satellite radio service operating in North America, owned by Sirius XM Radio.\nHeadquartered in New York City, with smaller studios in Los Angeles and Memphis, Sirius was officially launched on July 1, 2002 and currently provides 69 streams of music and 65 streams of sports, news and entertainment to listeners. Music streams on Sirius carry a wide variety of genres, broadcasting 24 hours daily, commercial-free, and uncensored. A subset of Sirius music channels is included as part of the Dish Network satellite television service. Sirius channels are identified by Arbitron with the label \"SR\".\nIts business model is to provide pay-for-service radio, analogous to the business model for premium cable television. Music channels are presented without commercials while talk channels, such as Howard Stern's Howard 100 and Howard 101 and The Opie & Anthony Channel, do have regular commercials. At approximately 6 minutes per hour, the number of commercials are still less than the average on terrestrial radio or television. Furthermore, all channels are free from FCC content regulation, thus songs are played unedited for language, and talk programs may feature explicit content if they wish. Subscriptions are prepaid and range in price from US$12.95 monthly to US$499.99 for lifetime subscription. There is a US$15 activation fee for every radio activated. Sirius announced it had achieved its first positive cash flow quarter for the period ending December 2006.
/m/04h5tx	The Cape Verde national football team, nicknamed either the Tubarões Azuis or Crioulos, is the national team of Cape Verde and is controlled by the Federação Caboverdiana de Futebol.
/m/05zm34	A punter in American or Canadian football is a special teams player who receives the snapped ball directly from the line of scrimmage and then punts the football to the opposing team so as to limit any field position advantage. This generally happens on a fourth down in American football and a third down in the Canadian version. Punters may also occasionally take part in fake punts in those same situations, when they throw or run the football instead of punting.
/m/0kvb6p	The Robe is a 1953 American Biblical epic film that tells the story of a Roman military tribune who commands the unit that crucifies Jesus. The film was made by 20th Century Fox and is notable for being the first film released in the widescreen process CinemaScope. Like other early CinemaScope films, The Robe was shot with Henri Chrétien's original Hypergonar Anamorphic lenses.\nThe picture was directed by Henry Koster and produced by Frank Ross. The screenplay was adapted by Gina Kaus, Albert Maltz, and Philip Dunne from the Lloyd C. Douglas novel of the same name. The music score was composed by Alfred Newman and the cinematography was by Leon Shamroy.\nThe first widescreen movie in more than two decades stars Richard Burton, Jean Simmons, Victor Mature and Michael Rennie, with Dean Jagger, Jay Robinson, Richard Boone, and Jeff Morrow. The Robe had one sequel, Demetrius and the Gladiators.\nThe reason Lloyd Douglas wrote the novel The Robe was to answer a fictional question: what happened to the Roman soldier who won Jesus' robe through a dice game?
/m/03wh49y	Terry Pratchett's The Colour of Magic is a two-part television adaptation of the bestselling novels The Colour of Magic and The Light Fantastic by Terry Pratchett. The fantasy film was produced for Sky One by The Mob, a small British studio, starring David Jason, Sean Astin, Tim Curry and Christopher Lee as the voice of Death. Vadim Jean both adapted the screenplay from Pratchett's original novels, and served as director.\nTerry Pratchett's The Colour of Magic was broadcast on Sky One, and in High Definition on Sky One HD, on Easter Sunday and 24 March 2008. The first part drew audiences of 1.5 million, with the second part attracting up to 1.1 million viewers. The film was well received by fans, but drew mixed reviews from critics, who generally praised the acting talent of the all-star cast, but criticised the film's script and direction.\nThe production is the second adaptation of Pratchett's novels as a live-action film, following the successful release of Hogfather on Sky One over Christmas 2006. A third adaptation, Going Postal, followed in 2010 with more planned for the future.
/m/01438g	Richard Tiffany Gere is an American actor. He began acting in the 1970s, playing a supporting role in Looking for Mr. Goodbar, and a starring role in Days of Heaven. He came to prominence in 1980 for his role in the film American Gigolo, which established him as a leading man and a sex symbol. He went on to star in several hit films, including An Officer and a Gentleman, Pretty Woman, Primal Fear, Arbitrage, and Chicago, for which he won a Golden Globe Award as Best Actor, as well as a Screen Actors Guild Award as part of the Best Cast.
/m/01gst9	The Fifteenth United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, consisting of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in the Old Brick Capitol in Washington, D.C. from March 4, 1817 to March 4, 1819, during the first two years of James Monroe's presidency. The apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives was based on the Third Census of the United States in 1810. Both chambers had a Democratic-Republican majority.
/m/05xd8x	Subhash Ghai is an Indian film director, producer and screenwriter. His most notable films include Kalicharan, Karz, Hero, Meri Jung, Karma, Ram Lakhan, Saudagar, Khalnayak, Pardes and Taal. He launched Mukta Arts, a film production company in 1982, and is known as the \"showman\" of Hindi cinema, for making epic films that portray grandeur and very rich themes.
/m/0zq7r	Vertigo is an imprint of the American comic-book publisher DC Comics. It was originally created to do stories that could not meet the stringent guidelines of the Comics Code Authority and this allowed their comics to be more edgy, provocative and subversive than their main output of titles. This meant that their age-restricted titles were free to contain explicit contents of violence, substance abuse, sexuality, nudity, profanity, and other controversial subjects. Although many of its releases are in the horror and fantasy genres, it also publishes works dealing with crime, social satire, speculative fiction, and biography. In early 2013, Karen Berger left her role as the executive editor of the imprint, having overseen it since its inception in 1993. She has been succeeded in that role by Shelly Bond.\nVertigo comics series have won the comics industry's Eisner Award, including the Best Continuing Series of various years. Several of its publications have been adapted to film, including Hellblazer, A History of Violence, Stardust, and V for Vendetta.\nIn 2010, it was announced that Vertigo would become a strictly creator-owned imprint, with all titles that originated in the DC Universe, with the exception of flagship title Hellblazer, returning to DC. This includes characters related to Swamp Thing, The Sandman, Madame Xanadu, Black Orchid, The Books of Magic, House of Mystery, Sandman Mystery Theatre, The Haunted Tank, Unknown Soldier, and Shade, the Changing Man. This had already been done with Animal Man, Doom Patrol, and The Human Target.
/m/02k84w	The pedal steel guitar is a type of electric steel guitar that is built on legs or a stand and is fitted with foot pedals which adjust the sound of the instrument. Like other electric guitars, the musical instrument produces sound by the vibration of its strings which are converted by magnetic pickup connected to an amplifier.\nPedal steels may have one or two \"necks\" that typically have 10 strings each, but may have as many as 14. Unlike most other guitars, pedal steel guitars have reference lines on the fretboard where frets would be, but no actual frets. The player changes the pitch of one or more strings by sliding a metal bar from one position to another while plucking the strings with the other hand, or vibrating them with a mechanical device. Pedal steels are typically plucked with a thumb pick and fingers, or two or three fingerpicks.\nThe distinctive feature of pedal steel guitars are the namesake pedals as well as knee levers which affect the pitch of the instrument. The pedals are mounted on a cross bar below the body and the knee levers extend from the bottom of the guitar's body and stretch or slacken the strings to change pitch as the guitar is played. The action of the pedals may either be fixed, or may be configurable by the player to select which strings the pedals affect. While there are some fairly standard pedal assignments, many advanced players devise their own setups, called copedents. The range of copedents that can be set up varies considerably from guitar to guitar. Aftermarket modifications to make additional copedents possible are common.
/m/01rbb	In ordinary language, the term crime denotes an unlawful act punishable by the state. The term crime does not, in modern criminal law, have any simple and universally accepted definition, though statutory definitions have been provided for certain purposes. The most popular view is that crime is a category created by law. One proposed definition is that a crime, also called an offence or a criminal offence, is an act harmful not only to some individual, but also to the community or the state. Such acts are forbidden and punishable by law.\nThe idea that acts like murder, rape and theft are prohibited exists all around the world. What precisely is a criminal offence is defined by criminal law of each country. While many have a catalogue of crimes called the criminal code, in some common law countries no such comprehensive statute exists.\nThe state has the power to severely restrict one's liberty for committing a crime. Therefore, in modern societies, a criminal procedure must be adhered to during the investigation and trial. Only if found guilty, the offender may be sentenced to punishment such as community sentence, imprisonment, life imprisonment or, in some jurisdictions, even death.
/m/075qbd2	In politics, an independent or nonpartisan politician is an individual not affiliated to any political party. There are numerous reasons why someone may stand for office as an independent.\nIndependents may hold a centrist viewpoint between those of major political parties. Sometimes they hold a viewpoint more extreme than any major party, have an ideology comprising ideas from both sides of the political spectrum, or may have a viewpoint based on issues that they do not feel that any major party addresses.\nOther independent politicians may be associated with a political party, be former members of it, or have views that align with it, but choose not to stand under its label. Others may belong to or support a political party but believe they should not formally represent it and thus be subject to its policies.\nSome independents choose to form an alliance rather than a party and have formally registered their \"independents\" group.\nIn some countries political parties are illegal and all candidates effectively stand as independents.\nFinally, some independent candidates may form a political party for the purposes of running for public office.
/m/07nx9j	Dylan Baker is an American actor, known for playing supporting roles in both major studio and independent films along with regular work in television and on stage.
/m/01s5nb	The United Church of Christ is a mainline Protestant Christian denomination primarily in the Reformed tradition, in \"historical continuation of the Congregational churches founded under the influence of New England Puritanism.\" The Evangelical and Reformed Church and the Congregational Christian Churches united in 1957 to form the UCC. These two denominations, which were themselves the result of earlier unions, had their roots in Congregational, Christian, Evangelical, and Reformed denominations. The UCC's 5,154 congregations claim 998,906 members, primarily in the United States.\nThe UCC maintains full communion with other mainline Protestant denominations. Many of its congregations choose to practice open communion. The denomination places high emphasis on participation in worldwide interfaith and ecumenical efforts. The national settings of the UCC have historically favored liberal views on social issues, such as civil, gay, women's and abortion rights. However, United Church of Christ congregations are independent in matters of doctrine and ministry and may not necessarily support the national body's theological or moral stances. It is self-described as \"an extremely pluralistic and diverse denomination\".
/m/06g77c	Inland Empire is a 2006 mystery film written and directed by David Lynch and his first feature film since 2001's Mulholland Drive. The feature took two-and-a-half years to complete, and was Lynch's first film to have been shot entirely in standard definition digital video. The film is a co-production of France, Poland and the United States. It premiered in Italy at the Venice Film Festival on 6 September 2006.\nThe cast includes such Lynch regulars as Laura Dern, Justin Theroux, Harry Dean Stanton and Grace Zabriskie, as well as Jeremy Irons and Diane Ladd. There are also very brief appearances by Nastassja Kinski, William H. Macy, Laura Harring, Terry Crews, Mary Steenburgen and Ben Harper. The voices of Harring, Naomi Watts and Scott Coffey are included in excerpts from Lynch's Rabbits website project.\nInland Empire was named the second-best film of 2007 by Cahiers du cinéma, and listed among Sight & Sound's \"thirty best films of the 2000s\", as well as The Guardian's \"10 most underrated movies of the decade\".
/m/0mgcr	The Offspring is an American punk rock band from Huntington Beach, California, formed in 1984. Formed under the name Manic Subsidal, the band consists of lead vocalist and rhythm guitarist Dexter Holland, lead guitarist Noodles, bassist Greg K. and drummer Pete Parada. They are credited—alongside fellow California punk bands like Rancid, Sublime, Green Day, and Bad Religion—for reviving interest in punk rock in the 1990s. They have sold over 40 million records worldwide, being considered one of the best-selling punk rock bands of all time.\nThe band's first three albums for the independent record labels Nemesis and Epitaph earned them a following. Their third studio album, Smash, became a breakout success and eventually sold over 20 million copies worldwide, setting a record for most albums sold on an independent label. Smash was also the first album released on Epitaph to obtain gold and platinum status. The critical praise given to Smash garnered attention from labels, including Columbia Records, with whom The Offspring would sign in 1996. The Offspring continued to achieve success with their four follow-up albums, Ixnay on the Hombre, Americana, Conspiracy of One and Splinter, reaching platinum, multi-platinum, platinum and gold status respectively. Splinter was followed five years later by Rise and Fall, Rage and Grace, which was also successful, due to the album's second single \"You're Gonna Go Far, Kid\" reaching number one on the Hot Modern Rock Tracks chart for 11 weeks and becoming their only gold single in America to date. Their latest studio album, Days Go By, was released on June 26, 2012. The Offspring is currently writing new material for their next studio album with an indefinite release date.
/m/01w0yrc	Jay Scott Greenspan, better known by his professional name of Jason Alexander, is an American actor, director, producer, writer, singer, and comedian. He is best known for his role as George Costanza on Seinfeld, appearing from 1989 to 1998. He has also had an active career on the stage, appearing in several Broadway musicals including Jerome Robbins' Broadway in 1989, for which he won the Tony Award as Best Leading Actor in a Musical. He appeared in the Los Angeles production of The Producers with Martin Short. He is the Artistic Director of \"Reprise! Broadway's Best in Los Angeles,\" where he has directed several musicals. Alexander is also an avid poker player.
/m/02g_7z	The tight end is a position in American football and formerly Canadian football, on the offense. The tight end is often seen as a hybrid position with the characteristics and roles of both an offensive lineman and a wide receiver. Like offensive linemen, they are usually lined up on the offensive line and are large enough to be effective blockers. On the other hand, they are eligible receivers adept enough to warrant a defense's attention when running pass patterns.\nBecause of the hybrid nature of the position, the tight end's role in any given offense depends on the tactical preferences and philosophy of the head coach. In some systems, the tight end will merely act as a sixth offensive lineman rarely going out for passes. Other systems utilize the tight end primarily as a receiver, frequently taking advantage of the tight end's size to create mismatches in the defensive secondary. Many coaches will often have one tight end who specializes in blocking in running situations while utilizing a better pass catching tight end in obvious passing situations.\nOffensive formations may have between zero and three tight ends at one time. If a wide receiver is present in a formation, but outside the tight end, the wide receiver must be positioned behind the line of scrimmage. If two tight ends are on the same side of the line of scrimmage, one must be behind the line of scrimmage.
/m/0882j7	Associazione Calcio Monza Brianza 1912 is an Italian football club based in Monza, Lombardy.\nFounded in 1912, Monza currently plays in Lega Pro Seconda Divisione group A, having last been in Serie B in 2000. Monza spent the last few years in Serie C1 and Serie C2.
/m/0hzlz	South Africa, officially the Republic of South Africa, is a country located at the southern tip of Africa. It has 2,798 kilometres of coastline that stretches along the South Atlantic and Indian oceans. To the north lie the neighbouring countries of Namibia, Botswana and Zimbabwe; to the east are Mozambique and Swaziland; and within it lies Lesotho, an enclave surrounded by South African territory. South Africa is the 25th-largest country in the world by land area, and with close to 53 million people, is the world's 24th-most populous nation.\nSouth Africa is a multiethnic society encompassing a wide variety of cultures, languages, and religions. Its pluralistic makeup is reflected in the constitution's recognition of 11 official languages, which is among the highest number of any country in the world. Two of these languages are of European origin: English and Afrikaans, the latter originating from Dutch and serving as the first language of most white and coloured South Africans. Though English is commonly used in public and commercial life, it is only the fourth most-spoken first language.\nAbout 80 percent of South Africans are of black African ancestry, divided among a variety of ethnic groups speaking different Bantu languages, nine of which have official status. The remaining population consists of Africa's largest communities of European, Asian, and multiracial ancestry. All ethnic and linguistic groups have political representation in the country's constitutional democracy, which comprises a parliamentary republic and nine provinces. Since the end of apartheid, South Africa's unique multicultural character has become integral to its national identity, as signified by the Rainbow Nation concept.
/m/0m25p	Gila County is a county in the central part of the U.S. state of Arizona. As of the 2010 census its population was 53,597. The county seat is Globe.\nGila County contains parts of Fort Apache Indian Reservation and San Carlos Indian Reservation.
/m/0_3cs	Allentown is a city located in Lehigh County, Pennsylvania, in the United States. It is Pennsylvania's third most populous city, after Philadelphia and Pittsburgh, and the 222nd largest city in the United States. As of the 2010 census, the city had a total population of 118,032 and is currently the fastest growing city in Pennsylvania. It is the largest city in the metropolitan area known as the Lehigh Valley, which had a population of 821,623 residents as of the 2010 U.S. Census and which in turn constitutes a portion of the New York City Metropolitan Area. It is also the county seat of Lehigh County. In 2012, the city celebrated the 250th anniversary of its founding in 1762.
/m/0m2b5	Navajo County is located in the northern part of the U.S. state of Arizona. As of the 2010 census its population was 107,449. The county seat is Holbrook.\nNavajo County contains parts of the Hopi Indian reservation, the Navajo Nation and Fort Apache Indian Reservation.
/m/026b7bz	Sheri Anderson is an American television writer and producer who is the author of the fiction novel series, Salem's Secrets, Scandals and Lies, based on the television series Days of our Lives that was released in conjunction with their 45th Anniversary. She previously worked primarily on serials and in international film and television development. She is widely credited for co-creating some of the most memorable storylines and Supercouples on American daytime television including Luke and Laura, Bo and Hope, John and Marlena, Patch and Kayla, Tony and Anna DiMera and Shane and Kimberly.\nAnderson was also Creative Consultant on The Spot, the first original content site on the internet. She is also a partner in CohenThomas Management/Hot Rock Media, representing leading actors in film and television. She is married to Paca Thomas, owner of Pacaworks a multi-media production company. The five time Emmy Award winner is the co-creator and former partner of Vidlit.com and is Bernie Taupin's sidekick/producer on Bernie Taupin's American Roots Radio heard on SiriusXM's The Loft.
/m/0h3tv	Valencia, or València, is the capital of the autonomous community of Valencia and the third largest city in Spain after Madrid and Barcelona, with around 0.8 million inhabitants in the administrative centre. Valencia is also Spain's third largest metropolitan area, with a population ranging from 1.7 to 2.5 million. The city has global city status. The Port of Valencia is the 5th busiest container port in Europe and the largest on the Mediterranean Sea, with a trade volume of 4.21 million TEU's.\nValencia was founded as a Roman colony in 138 BC. The city is situated on the banks of the Turia, on the east coast of the Iberian Peninsula, fronting the Gulf of Valencia on the Mediterranean Sea. Its historic centre is one of the largest in Spain, with approximately 169 acres; this heritage of ancient monuments, views and cultural attractions makes Valencia one of the country's most popular tourist destinations. Major monuments include Valencia Cathedral, the Torres de Serranos, the Torres de Quart, the Llotja de la Seda, and the Ciutat de les Arts i les Ciències, an entertainment-based cultural and architectural complex designed by Santiago Calatrava and Félix Candela. The Museu de Belles Arts de València houses a large collection of paintings from the 14th to the 18th centuries, including works by Velázquez, El Greco, and Goya, as well as an important series of engravings by Piranesi. The Institut Valencià d'Art Modern houses both permanent collections and temporary exhibitions of contemporary art and photography.
/m/0f04v	San Jose is the third-largest city in California, the tenth-largest in the United States, and the county seat of Santa Clara County. San Jose is the largest city within Silicon Valley, which is a major component of the greater Bay Area. It is the largest city in Northern California.\nSan Jose was founded on November 29, 1777, as El Pueblo de San José de Guadalupe, the first civilian town in the Spanish colony of Nueva California. The city served as a farming community to support Spanish military installations at San Francisco and Monterey. When California gained statehood in 1850, San Jose served as its first capital.\nAfter more than 150 years as a small farming community, the San Jose area in the mid-20th century contained some of the last undeveloped land near San Francisco Bay. It then began to experience rapid population growth, much of it coming from veterans returning from World War II. San Jose then continued its aggressive expansion during the 1950s and 1960s by annexing more land area. The rapid growth of the high-technology and electronics industries further accelerated the transition from an agricultural center, to an urbanized metropolitan area.
/m/024fz9	The Grammy Award for Best Spoken Word Album for Children was an honor presented at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards, to recording artists for works containing quality \"spoken word\" performances aimed at children. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position\".\nThe award was first presented to Audrey Hepburn and producers Deborah Raffin and Michael Viner in 1994 for the album Audrey Hepburn's Enchanted Tales. Its last winners were the artists, producers, audio engineers, and audio mixers who contributed to the album Julie Andrews' Collection of Poems, Songs, and Lullabies in 2011, when it was announced the award would be combined with the Grammy Award for Best Musical Album for Children to form the Grammy Award for Best Children's Album.\nTom Chapin and producers Arnold Cardillo and David Rapkin, and audio engineer-musical director Rory Young hold the record for the most wins in this category, with a total of three. Artists Bill Harley and Jim Dale, along with audio engineer David Correia, are the other musicians to win the award more than once, all winning it twice. Former U.S. President Bill Clinton has also won the award, along with Mikhail Gorbachev and Sophia Loren, for their work on the album Wolf Tracks and Peter and the Wolf at the 2003 installment of the awards.
/m/028mc6	Tony Randall was an American actor, producer, and director, best known for his role as Felix Unger in the television adaptation of Neil Simon's play, The Odd Couple.
/m/06q1r	Scotland is a country that is part of the United Kingdom. Occupying the northern third of the island of Great Britain, Scotland shares a border with England to the south, and is otherwise surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean; with the North Sea to the east, and the North Channel and Irish Sea to the south-west. In addition to the mainland, the country is made up of more than 790 islands, including the Northern Isles and the Hebrides.\nEdinburgh, the country's capital and second-largest city, is one of Europe's largest financial centres. Edinburgh was the hub of the Scottish Enlightenment of the 18th century, which transformed Scotland into one of the commercial, intellectual, and industrial powerhouses of Europe. Glasgow, Scotland's largest city, was once one of the world's leading industrial cities and now lies at the centre of the Greater Glasgow conurbation. Scottish waters consist of a large sector of the North Atlantic and the North Sea, containing the largest oil reserves in the European Union. This has given Aberdeen, the third-largest city in Scotland, the title of Europe's oil capital.\nThe Kingdom of Scotland emerged as an independent sovereign state in the Early Middle Ages and continued to exist until 1707. Having entered into a personal union with the kingdoms of England and Ireland following James VI, King of Scots, succeeding to the English and Irish thrones in 1603, the Kingdom of Scotland subsequently entered into a political union with the Kingdom of England on 1 May 1707 to create the Kingdom of Great Britain. This union resulted from the Treaty of Union agreed in 1706 and enacted by the twin Acts of Union passed by the Parliaments of both countries, despite popular opposition and anti-union riots in Edinburgh, Glasgow, and elsewhere. The Kingdom of Great Britain itself subsequently entered into a political union with the Kingdom of Ireland on 1 January 1801 to create the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.
/m/06mnbn	Lena Headey is an English actress. When she was 17, her performance in a one-off show caught the attention of a casting agent, who took a photo and asked her to audition. Eventually she got a supporting role in the 1992 drama film Waterland and went on to appear in major films such as The Remains of the Day, The Jungle Book, Onegin, and Aberdeen.\nAfter working steadily as an actress in small and supporting roles in films throughout the 1990s, she found fame for her lead performances in big-budget films like the fantasy film The Brothers Grimm, in which she acted opposite Matt Damon and Heath Ledger, the action film 300, portraying the role of Gorgo, Queen of Sparta, and the adventure and biographical feature The Red Baron.\nHeadey is also known for playing the starring role Sarah Connor on Fox's television spin-off of James Cameron's Terminator film series Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles. As of 2011, she appears as Cersei Lannister in HBO's television series Game of Thrones.
/m/0329nn	The Romania national football team is the national football team of Romania and is controlled by the Romanian Football Federation.\nRomania is one of only four national teams, the other three being Brazil, France, and Belgium, that took part in the first three World Cups.\nHowever, after that performance, they only qualified for the 1970, 1990, 1994 and 1998 editions. Their finest hour came at the 1994 World Cup where Romania, led by playmaker Gheorghe Hagi, reached the quarter-finals by defeating South American powerhouse Argentina before losing to Sweden on a penalty shootout.\nAt the European Championships, Romania's best performance was in 2000 when they advanced to the quarter-finals from a group with Germany, Portugal and England before falling to eventual runners-up Italy. They also reached the last eight in 1960 and 1972, and qualified for the 1984, 1996 and 2008 tournaments.
/m/03h3x5	Looney Tunes: Back in Action is a 2003 American live action/animated adventure comedy film directed by Joe Dante, written by Larry Doyle, and starring Brendan Fraser, Jenna Elfman, Timothy Dalton, Joan Cusack, Bill Goldberg, with Heather Locklear and Steve Martin. It is the second live-action feature-length film starring the Looney Tunes characters, the first being Space Jam. It was also the last film to feature a score by veteran composer Jerry Goldsmith before his death in 2004.
/m/021gt5	Litchfield is a town in and former county seat of Litchfield County, Connecticut, United States, and is known as an affluent summer resort. The population was 8,466 at the 2010 census. The boroughs of Bantam and Litchfield are located within the town. There are also three unincorporated villages: East Litchfield East Litchfield Village, Litchfield, Connecticut, Northfield and Milton.
/m/01n30p	Ghost World is a 2001 American comedy-drama film directed by Terry Zwigoff, based on the comic book of the same name and screenplay by Daniel Clowes. The story focuses on the lives of Enid and Rebecca, two teenage outsiders in an unnamed American city. The film was released with limited box-office success but has since gained a cult following.
/m/0135dr	The Indian National Congress is one of the two major political parties in India, the other being the Bharatiya Janata Party. It is the largest and one of the oldest democratically-operating political parties in the world. The party's modern liberal platform is largely considered to be on the centre-left of the Indian political spectrum in contrast to the right-wing Hindu nationalist Bharatiya Janata Party.\nThe Organisation was founded in 1885 by Allan Octavian Hume, Dadabhai Naoroji, Dinshaw Wacha, Womesh Chandra Bonnerjee, Surendranath Banerjee, Monomohun Ghose, Mahadev Govind Ranade and William Wedderburn. Hume was also a prominent member of the Theosophical Society. In the following decades, the Indian National Congress became a pivotal participant in the Indian Independence Movement, with over 15 million members and over 70 million participants in its struggle against British colonial rule in India. After independence in 1947, it became the nation's dominant political party; in the 15 general elections since independence, the Congress has won an outright majority on six occasions, and has led the ruling coalition a further four times, heading the central government for a total of 49 years. It has been led by the Nehru-Gandhi family for the most part, with major challenges for party leadership emerging only since 2010.
/m/06jd89	Odense Boldklub is a Danish professional football club based in the town of Odense. The club has won three Danish championships and five Danish Cup trophies. OB play in the Danish Superliga and their home field is TRE-FOR Park in Odense on Funen. OB's clubhouse is located in Ådalen near Odense River.
/m/0f04c	Palo Alto is a charter city located in the northwest corner of Santa Clara County, California, in the San Francisco Bay Area of the United States. The city shares its borders with East Palo Alto, Mountain View, Los Altos, Los Altos Hills, Stanford, Portola Valley, and Menlo Park. It is named after a redwood tree called El Palo Alto.\nPalo Alto was established by Leland Stanford when he founded Stanford University, following the death of his son, Leland Stanford Jr. The city includes portions of Stanford and is headquarters to a number of high-technology companies, including Hewlett-Packard, VMware, Tesla Motors, PARC, Ning, IDEO, Skype, and Palantir Technologies. It has also served as an incubator to several other high-technology companies such as Apple Inc., Google, Facebook, Logitech, Intuit, Sun Microsystems, Pinterest, and PayPal.\nAs of the 2010 census, the city's total resident population is 64,403. Palo Alto is one of the most expensive cities in the United States and its residents are among the most educated in the country.
/m/01j7z7	Jada Koren Pinkett Smith is an American actress, singer-songwriter, and businesswoman. She began her career in 1990, when she made a guest appearance in the short-lived sitcom True Colors. She starred in A Different World, produced by Bill Cosby, and she featured opposite Eddie Murphy in The Nutty Professor. She starred in dramatic films such as Menace II Society and Set It Off. She has appeared in more than 20 films in a variety of genres, including Scream 2, Ali, The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Revolutions, Madagascar, Madagascar: Escape 2 Africa and Madagascar 3: Europe's Most Wanted.\nPinkett Smith launched her music career in 2002, when she helped create the metal band Wicked Wisdom, for which she is a singer and songwriter. Smith also created a production company, in addition to authoring a book, published in 2004.\nIn 1997, she married rapper and actor Will Smith. They have two children, Jaden and Willow, and Pinkett Smith is stepmother to Willard \"Trey\" Smith III, Will's son from a previous marriage. The couple founded the Will and Jada Smith Family Foundation, a charity organization which focuses on inner-city youth and family support and has worked with non-profit organizations like YouthBuild and the Lupus Foundation of America.
/m/015q02	Perak, one of the 13 states of Malaysia, is the second largest state in Peninsular Malaysia. It borders Kedah and the Thai Yala Province to the north; Penang to the northwest; Kelantan and Pahang to the east; Selangor to the south, and the Straits of Malacca to the west. Perak also is the second most developed state in Malaysia, behind Selangor.\nThe state's administrative capital of Ipoh was known historically for tin-mining activities until the price of the metal dropped, severely affecting the state's economy. The royal capital, however remains at Kuala Kangsar, where the palace of the Sultan of Perak is located.\nThe Arabic honorific of Perak is Darul Ridzuan.
/m/0rt80	Macon is a city located in central Georgia, United States. Founded at the fall line of the Ocmulgee River, it is part of the Macon metropolitan area, and is the county seat of Bibb County. Macon is also the largest city in the Macon-Warner Robins CSA. It lies near the geographic center of Georgia, approximately 85 miles south of Atlanta, hence the city's nickname as the Heart of Georgia. After voters approved the consolidation of Macon and Bibb County in 2012, Macon became Georgia's fourth-largest city, with a population of 155,369 based on 2010 Census figures for Bibb County.\nThe city has several institutions of higher education, as well as numerous museums and tourism sites. The area is served by the Middle Georgia Regional Airport and the Herbert Smart Downtown Airport. The mayor of Macon is Robert Reichert, a former Democratic member of the Georgia House of Representatives. Reichert was elected mayor of the newly consolidated city of Macon-Bibb and took office on January 1st, 2014.
/m/0gr36	Sir Alec Guinness, CH CBE was an English actor. After an early career on the stage he was featured in several of the Ealing Comedies, including The Ladykillers and Kind Hearts and Coronets in which he played eight different characters. However, he was probably best known for his six collaborations with David Lean: Herbert Pocket in Great Expectations, Fagin in Oliver Twist, Col. Nicholson in The Bridge on the River Kwai, Prince Faisal in Lawrence of Arabia, Yevgraf in Doctor Zhivago, and Professor Godbole in A Passage to India. He is also well known for his portrayal of Obi-Wan Kenobi in George Lucas’s original Star Wars trilogy, receiving a nomination for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor.\nGuinness was one of three major British actors, along with Laurence Olivier and John Gielgud, who, immediately after the Second World War, successfully transitioned from Shakespearean theatre in their home country to Hollywood blockbusters. As well as an Academy Award, he has also won a BAFTA Award, Golden Globe and a Tony Award. In 1959, he was knighted by Elizabeth II for services to the arts. He received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 1960, received the Academy Honorary Award for lifetime achievement in 1980, and the BAFTA Academy Fellowship Award in 1989.
/m/03m5y9p	W. is a 2008 American biographical drama film based on the life and presidency of George W. Bush. It was produced and directed by Oliver Stone, written by Stanley Weiser, and stars Josh Brolin as Bush, with a supporting cast that includes Ellen Burstyn, Elizabeth Banks, James Cromwell, Thandie Newton, Jeffrey Wright, Scott Glenn, and Richard Dreyfuss. Filming began on May 12, 2008, in Louisiana and the film was released on October 17.
/m/012v1t	Nancy Patricia D'Alesandro Pelosi is the Minority Leader of the United States House of Representatives and served as the 60th Speaker of the United States House of Representatives from 2007 to 2011. She is the only woman to have served as the House Speaker and to date is the highest-ranking female politician in American history.\nA member of the Democratic Party, Pelosi represents California's 12th congressional district, which consists of four-fifths of the city and county of San Francisco. The district was numbered as the 5th during Pelosi's first three terms in the House, and as the 8th from 1993 to 2013. She served as the House Minority Whip from 2002 to 2003, and was House Minority Leader from 2003 to 2007, holding the post during the 108th and 109th Congresses. Pelosi is the first woman, the first Californian and first Italian-American to lead a major party in Congress. After the Democrats took control of the House in 2007 and increased their majority in 2009, Pelosi was elected Speaker of the House for the 110th and 111th Congresses.\nOn November 17, 2010, Pelosi was elected as the Democratic Leader by House Democrats and therefore the Minority Leader in the Republican-controlled House for the 112th Congress.
/m/098s1	Infection is the invasion of a host organism's bodily tissues by disease-causing organisms, their multiplication, and the reaction of host tissues to these organisms and the toxins they produce. Infectious diseases, also known as transmissible diseases or communicable diseases, comprise clinically evident illness resulting from the infection, presence and growth of pathogenic biological agents in an individual host organism.\nInfections are caused by infectious agents such as viruses, viroids, and prions, microorganisms such as bacteria, nematodes such as roundworms and pinworms, arthropods such as ticks, mites, fleas, and lice, fungi such as ringworm, and other macroparasites such as tapeworms.\nHosts can fight infections using their immune system. Mammalian hosts react to infections with an innate response, often involving inflammation, followed by an adaptive response. Pharmaceuticals can also help fight infections.\nThe branch of medicine that focuses on infections and pathogens is infectious disease medicine.
/m/01pcdn	Kristin Landen Davis is an American actress. She first rose to prominence and achieved fame for playing the role of Brooke Armstrong on Melrose Place and went on to achieve greater success as Charlotte York Goldenblatt on HBO's Sex and the City.
/m/02km0m	Trinity University is a private, primarily undergraduate, liberal arts college in San Antonio, Texas, USA. Founded in 1869, its campus is located in the Monte Vista Historic District and adjacent to Brackenridge Park. The student body consists of over 2,245 undergraduate and 200 graduate students, and the university awarded 572 undergraduate degrees in 2012-2013. Trinity offers 42 majors and 57 minors among 6 degree programs and has an endowment of $1 billion, which permits it to provide resources typically associated with much larger colleges and universities.\nTrinity is a member institution of the Annapolis Group, a consortium of leading national independent liberal arts colleges that share a commitment to liberal arts values and education; and is a member of the Associated Colleges of the South.
/m/09gb9xh	Andrea Romano is an American casting director, voice director, and voice actor whose work includes Batman: The Animated Series, Tiny Toon Adventures, Animaniacs, Pinky and the Brain, Teen Titans, Avatar: The Last Airbender, The Legend of Korra, and multiple Warner Bros. Animation/DC Comics direct-to-video films including: Wonder Woman and Green Lantern: First Flight. Her voice acting, as of 2010, consists of minor roles in television series, direct-to-video films, and video games.\nDespite the identical surname and similar career path, she is not related to fellow voice actor Rino Romano.
/m/0sw6g	Henry Albert \"Hank\" Azaria is an American film, television and stage actor, director, producer, writer, voice actor, and comedian. He is noted for being one of the principal voice actors on the animated television series The Simpsons, on which he performs the voices of Moe Szyslak, Apu Nahasapeemapetilon, Chief Wiggum, Comic Book Guy, Carl Carlson and numerous others. Azaria, who attended Tufts University, joined the show with little voice acting experience, but became a regular in its second season. Many of his performances on the show are based on famous actors and characters; Moe's voice, for example, is based on actor Al Pacino.\nAlongside his continued voice acting on The Simpsons, Azaria became more widely known through his live-action appearances in films such as The Birdcage and Godzilla. He has continued to star in numerous films including Mystery Men, America's Sweethearts, Shattered Glass, Along Came Polly, Run Fatboy Run, Night at the Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian and The Smurfs. He also had recurring roles on the television series Mad About You and Friends, and starred in the drama Huff, playing the titular character, as well as appearing in the popular stage musical Spamalot. Originally primarily a comic actor, in recent years Azaria has taken on more dramatic roles including the TV films Tuesdays With Morrie and Uprising. He has won four Emmys and a Screen Actors Guild Award. Azaria was married to actress Helen Hunt from 1999 to 2000.
/m/01grrf	The Ninth United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, consisting of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, D.C. from March 4, 1805 to March 4, 1807, during the fifth and sixth years of Thomas Jefferson's presidency. The apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives was based on the Second Census of the United States in 1800. Both chambers had a Democratic-Republican majority.
/m/01fd26	Sherbrooke is a city in southern Quebec, Canada. Sherbrooke is situated at the confluence of the Saint-François and Magog rivers in the heart of the Estrie administrative region. Sherbrooke is also the name of a territory equivalent to a regional county municipality and census division of Quebec, coextensive with the city of Sherbrooke. With 154,601 residents as of the 2011 census, Sherbrooke was the sixth largest city in the province of Quebec and the thirtieth largest in Canada. The Sherbrooke Census Metropolitan Area had 201,890 inhabitants, making it the fourth largest metropolitan area in Quebec and nineteenth largest in Canada.\nOriginally known as Hyatt's Mill, it was renamed after Sir John Coape Sherbrooke, a British soldier who was Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia, and Governor General of British North America.\nSherbrooke is the primary economic, political, cultural and institutional centre of Estrie, and was known as the Queen of the Eastern Townships at the beginning of the 20th century.\nSherbrooke is an important university centre with eight institutions educating 40,000 students and employing 11,000 people. The direct economic impact of these institutions exceeds 1 billion dollars. The proportion of university students is 10.32 students per 100 inhabitants. In proportion to its population, Sherbrooke has the largest concentration of students in Quebec.
/m/01lb5	Chess is a two-player strategy board game played on a chessboard, a checkered gameboard with 64 squares arranged in an eight-by-eight grid. It is one of the world's most popular games, played by millions of people worldwide at home, in parks, clubs, online, by correspondence, and in tournaments.\nEach player begins the game with 16 pieces: one king, one queen, two rooks, two knights, two bishops, and eight pawns. Each of the six piece types moves differently. Pieces are used to attack and capture the opponent's pieces, with the objective to 'checkmate' the opponent's king by placing it under an inescapable threat of capture. In addition to checkmate, the game can be won by the voluntary resignation of the opponent, which typically occurs when too much material is lost, or if checkmate appears unavoidable. A game may also result in a draw in several ways, where neither player wins. The course of the game is divided into three phases: opening, middlegame, and endgame.\nThe first official World Chess Champion, Wilhelm Steinitz, claimed his title in 1886; the current World Champion is Norwegian chess Grandmaster Magnus Carlsen. In addition to the World Championship, there are the Women's World Championship, the Junior World Championship, the World Senior Championship, the Correspondence Chess World Championship, the World Computer Chess Championship, and Blitz and Rapid World Championships. The Chess Olympiad is a popular competition among teams from different nations. Online chess has opened amateur and professional competition to a wide and varied group of players. Chess is a recognized sport of the International Olympic Committee and international chess competition is sanctioned by the World Chess Federation, which adopted the now-standard Staunton chess set in 1924 for use in all official games. There are also many chess variants, with different rules, different pieces, and different boards.
/m/09v8clw	Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides is a 2011 American fantasy adventure film and the fourth installment in the Pirates of the Caribbean film series. Gore Verbinski, who had directed the three previous films, was replaced by Rob Marshall, while Jerry Bruckheimer again served as producer.\nIn the film, which draws inspiration from the novel On Stranger Tides by Tim Powers, Captain Jack Sparrow is joined by Angelica in his search for the Fountain of Youth, confronting the infamous pirate Blackbeard. The film was produced by Walt Disney Pictures and released in the United States on May 20, 2011. It was the first film in the series to be released in the Disney Digital 3-D and IMAX 3D formats.\nWriters Ted Elliott and Terry Rossio first learned of Powers' novel during the back-to-back production of Dead Man's Chest and At World's End, and considered it a good starting point for a new movie in the series. Pre-production started after the end of the 2007–2008 Writers Guild of America strike, with Depp collaborating with the writers on the story design. Principal photography rolled for 106 days between June and November 2010, with locations in Hawaii, the United Kingdom, Puerto Rico, and California. Filming employed 3D cameras similar to those used in the production of the 2009 film Avatar, and ten companies were involved with the film's visual effects.
/m/04vr_f	The Departed is a 2006 American crime thriller film directed by Martin Scorsese and written by William Monahan. It is a remake of the 2002 Hong Kong film Infernal Affairs. The film stars Leonardo DiCaprio, Matt Damon, Jack Nicholson, and Mark Wahlberg, with Martin Sheen, Ray Winstone, Vera Farmiga, Anthony Anderson, and Alec Baldwin in supporting roles.\nIt won several awards, including four Oscars at the 79th Academy Awards: Best Picture, Best Director, Best Adapted Screenplay and Best Film Editing. Wahlberg was nominated for Best Supporting Actor.\nThe film takes place in Boston. Irish Mob boss Francis \"Frank\" Costello plants Colin Sullivan as a mole within the Massachusetts State Police; the two characters are loosely based on famous gangster Whitey Bulger and corrupt FBI agent John Connolly, who grew up with Bulger. Simultaneously, the police assign undercover trooper William \"Billy\" Costigan to infiltrate Costello's crew. When both sides realize the situation, each man attempts to discover the other's true identity before his own cover is blown.
/m/0145rs	Contemporary Christian music is a genre of modern popular music which is lyrically focused on matters concerned with the Christian faith. It formed as those affected by the 1960s Jesus movement revival began to express themselves in a more contemporary style of music than the hymns, Gospel and Southern Gospel music that was prevalent in the church at the time. Today, the term is typically used to refer to pop, rock, or praise & worship styles.\nIt has representation on several music charts including Billboard's Christian Albums, Christian Songs, Hot Christian AC, Christian CHR, Soft AC/Inspirational, and Christian Digital Songs as well as the UK's Official Christian & Gospel Albums Chart. Top-selling CCM artists will also appear on the Billboard 200. In the iTunes Store, the genre is represented as part of the Christian and gospel genre.
/m/03h304l	Roger Birnbaum is an American film producer who owns the company Spyglass Entertainment and was co-CEO and co-Chairman of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. His two greatest box office hits as producer have been Rush Hour 2 and The Tourist which grossed US$ 347,325,802 and US$ 278,346,189 at the worldwide box office respectively.\nBirnbaum was born in Teaneck, New Jersey, where he graduated from Teaneck High School. He attended the University of Denver.
/m/07vf5c	Evita is a 1996 musical drama film based on Tim Rice and Andrew Lloyd Webber's musical of the same name about Eva Perón. It was directed by Alan Parker and written by Parker and Oliver Stone. It starred Madonna, Antonio Banderas, and Jonathan Pryce. The film was released on December 25, 1996 by Hollywood Pictures and Cinergi Pictures.
/m/097h2	The Price Is Right is an American game show created by Mark Goodson and Bill Todman. The program premiered on September 4, 1972 on CBS under the title The New Price Is Right, and revolves around contestants competing to identify accurate pricing of merchandise to win cash and prizes. Contestants are selected from the studio audience when the announcer proclaims the show's famous catchphrase, \"Come on down!\"\nThe show's current staff includes host Drew Carey, announcer George Gray, and models Gwendolyn Osbourne-Smith, Rachel Reynolds, Amber Lancaster, Manuela Arbeláez and Rob Wilson; two or three models appear on each episode. Bob Barker was the series' longest-running host from its 1972 debut until his retirement in 2007, when Carey took over. Barker was accompanied by a series of announcers, beginning with Johnny Olson, followed by Rod Roddy and Rich Fields. Several other models appeared between 1972 and 2010, most notably Anitra Ford, Janice Pennington, Dian Parkinson, Holly Hallstrom, and Kathleen Bradley; however, from 2000–2008, new models effectively were swapped every taping week with current models Osbourne-Smith and Reynolds being part of the alternating group.
/m/016zfm	Happy Days is an American television sitcom that aired first-run from January 15, 1974, to September 24, 1984, on ABC. Created by Garry Marshall, the series presents an idealized vision of life in the mid-1950s to mid-1960s United States.\nThe series was produced by Miller-Milkis Productions and Henderson Productions in association with Paramount Network Television.
/m/067hq2	Lori Alan Denniberg is an American actress, comedian, and voice actress.
/m/05sq0m	Patty Loveless, is an American country music singer.\nSince her emergence on the country music scene in late 1986 with her first album, Loveless has been one of the most popular female singers of the Neotraditional country movement, although she has also recorded albums in the Country pop and Bluegrass genres.\nLoveless was born in Pikeville, Kentucky, and was raised in Elkhorn City, Kentucky and Louisville, Kentucky and rose to stardom thanks to her blend of honky tonk and country-rock, not to mention a plaintive, emotional ballad style. Her late-1980s records were generally quite popular, earning her comparisons to Patsy Cline, but most critics agree that she truly came into her own as an artist in the early 1990s.\nTo date, Loveless has charted more than forty singles on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts, including five Number Ones. In addition, she has recorded fourteen studio albums; in the United States, four of these albums have been certified platinum, while two have been certified gold.\nShe has been a member of the Grand Ole Opry since 1988. Loveless is also a distant cousin of Loretta Lynn and Crystal Gayle. She has been married twice, first to Terry Lovelace, from whom her professional name \"Loveless\" is derived, and to Emory Gordy, Jr., who is also her producer.
/m/0cnjm0	Guitar Hero II is a music rhythm game developed by Harmonix, published by Activision and distributed by RedOctane. It is the second installment in the Guitar Hero series and is the sequel to Guitar Hero. It was first released for the PlayStation 2 in November 2006 and then for the Xbox 360 in April 2007, with additional content not originally in the PlayStation 2 version.\nLike in the original Guitar Hero, the player uses a guitar-shaped peripheral to simulate playing rock music as notes scroll towards the player. Most of the gameplay from the original game remains intact., provides new modes and note combinations. The game features more than 40 popular licensed songs, many of them cover versions recorded for the game, spanning five decades. The PlayStation 2 version of Guitar Hero II can be purchased individually or in a bundle that packages the game with a cherry red Gibson SG guitar controller. The Xbox 360 version of the game is offered in a bundle that packages the game with a white Gibson X-Plorer guitar controller. Both of these controllers are wired, but RedOctane also sells a wireless controller for the PlayStation 2.\nSince its release, Guitar Hero II has been met with both critical and commercial success, helping the Guitar Hero series become a cultural phenomenon. As of December 1, 2007, the game has sold 3.1 million copies. It has spawned the \"expansion\" title Guitar Hero Encore: Rocks the 80s for the PlayStation 2. A full-fledged sequel, Guitar Hero III: Legends of Rock, has been released by Neversoft, the makers of the popular Tony Hawk series.
/m/03hfmm	De-Lovely is a 2004 musical biopic directed by Irwin Winkler. The screenplay by Jay Cocks is based on the life and career of Cole Porter, from his first meeting with Linda Lee Thomas until his death. It is the second biopic about the composer, following Night and Day.
/m/06ryl	The Federation of Saint Christopher and Nevis, located in the Leeward Islands, is a federal two-island country in the West Indies. It is the smallest sovereign state in the Americas, in both area and population.\nThe capital city and headquarters of government for the federated state is Basseterre on the larger island of Saint Christopher. The smaller island of Nevis lies about 2 miles southeast of Saint Kitts, across a shallow channel called \"The Narrows\".\nHistorically, the British dependency of Anguilla was also a part of this union, which was then known collectively as Saint Christopher-Nevis-Anguilla. Saint Kitts and Nevis are geographically part of the Leeward Islands. To the north-northwest lie the islands of Sint Eustatius, Saba, Saint Barthélemy, Saint-Martin/Sint Maarten and Anguilla. To the east and northeast are Antigua and Barbuda, and to the southeast is the small uninhabited island of Redonda, and the island of Montserrat, which currently has an active volcano.\nSaint Kitts and Nevis were among the first islands in the Caribbean to be settled by Europeans. Saint Kitts was home to the first English and French colonies in the Caribbean, and thus has also been titled \"The Mother Colony of the West Indies\".
/m/071g6	Szczecin, is the capital city of the West Pomeranian Voivodeship in Poland. In the vicinity of the Baltic Sea, it is the country's seventh-largest city and a major seaport in Poland. As of June 2011 the population was 407,811.\nSzczecin is located on the Oder River, south of the Szczecin Lagoon and the Bay of Pomerania. The city is situated along the southwestern shore of Dąbie Lake, on both sides of the Oder and on several large islands between the western and eastern branches of the river. Szczecin is a center of Szczecin agglomeration and borders directly with the town of Police.\nArea of Szczecin's Międzyodrze had changed during building of harbour. This area is covered by many islands.\nThe city's beginnings were as an 8th-century Slavic Pomeranian stronghold, built at the site of today's castle. In the 12th century, when Szczecin had become one of Pomerania's main urban centres, it lost its independence to Piast Poland, Saxony, the Holy Roman Empire and Denmark. At the same time, the Griffin dynasty established themselves as local rulers, the population was converted to Christianity, and German settlers arrived. The native Slavic population was assimilated and sometimes discriminated against in the following centuries. In 1237/43, the town was built anew and granted vast autonomy rights, and it joined the Hanseatic League.
/m/06d4h	Racism is actions, practices or beliefs, or social or political systems that consider different races to be ranked as inherently superior or inferior to each other, based on presumed shared inheritable traits, abilities, or qualities. It may also hold that members of different races should be treated differently. While most conceptualizations of racism include the notion of \"race based discrimination\", the exact definition is controversial both because there is little scholarly agreement about the meaning of the concept \"race\", and because there is also little agreement about what does and does not constitute discrimination.\nSome definitions consider that any assumption that a person's behavior would be influenced by their racial categorization is inherently racist, regardless of whether the action is intentionally harmful or pejorative, because stereotyping necessarily subordinates individual identity to group identity. In sociology and psychology, a common view distinguishes prejudice from racism, holding that racism is best understood as 'prejudice plus power' because without the support of political or economic power, prejudice would not be able to manifest as a pervasive cultural, institutional or social phenomenon. Other definitions only include consciously malignant forms of discrimination. Among the questions about how to define racism are the question of whether to include forms of discrimination that are unintentional, such as making assumptions about preferences or abilities of others based on racial stereotypes, whether to include symbolic or institutionalized forms of discrimination such as the circulation of ethnic stereotypes through the media, and whether to include the socio-political dynamics of social stratification that sometimes have a racial component. Some definitions of racism also include discriminatory behaviors and beliefs based on cultural, national, ethnic, caste, or religious stereotypes. Some critics of the term argue that the term is applied differentially, with a focus on such prejudices by whites, and in ways that define mere observations of any possible differences between races as racism.
/m/01grr2	The Eighth United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, consisting of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, D.C. from March 4, 1803 to March 4, 1805, during the last two years of the first administration of U.S. President Thomas Jefferson. The apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives was based on the Second Census of the United States in 1800. Both chambers had a Democratic-Republican majority.
/m/0bkbz	The Greeks have been identified by many ethnonyms. The most common native ethnonym is \"Hellen\", pl. \"Hellenes\"; the name \"Greeks\" was used by the Ancient Romans and gradually entered the European languages through its use in Latin. The mythological patriarch Hellen is the named progenitor of the Greek peoples; his descendants the Aeolians, Dorians, Achaeans and Ionians correspond to the main Greek tribes and to the main dialects spoken in Greece and Asia Minor. Among his descendants are also mentioned the Graeci and the Makedones.\nThe first Greek-speaking people, called Myceneans or Mycenean-Achaeans by historians, entered present-day Greece during the 19th century BC. Homer refers to Achaeans as the dominant tribe during the Trojan war period usually dated to the 12th-11th centuries BC, using \"Hellenes\" to describe a relatively small tribe in Thessaly. The Dorians, an important Greek-speaking group, entered Greece during the 13th century BC. According to the Greek tradition, the \"Graeci\" were renamed \"Hellenes\" probably with the establishment of the Great Amphictyonic League after the Trojan war.
/m/0f2pf9	The Louisville-Jefferson County, KY-IN Metropolitan Statistical Area, commonly called the Louisville metropolitan area or Kentuckiana, is the 42nd largest Metropolitan Statistical Area in the United States. The primary city is Louisville, Kentucky.\nIt was originally formed by the United States Census Bureau in 1950 and consisted of the Kentucky county of Jefferson and the Indiana counties of Clark and Floyd. As surrounding counties saw an increase in their population densities and the number of their residents employed within Jefferson County, they met Census criteria to be added to the MSA. Jefferson County, Kentucky, plus twelve outlying counties — eight in Kentucky and four in Southern Indiana are now a part of this MSA.\nPeople living in any of the MSA are said to be living in the Louisville/Jefferson County Area. Because it includes counties in Indiana, the MSA is regularly referred to as Kentuckiana. It is now the primary MSA of the Louisville–Elizabethtown–Scottsburg, KY–IN Combined Statistical Area. The combined statistical area created by the United States Bureau of the Census in 2000, comprises the Louisville – Jefferson County, KY–IN Metropolitan Statistical Area, the Elizabethtown, KY Metropolitan Statistical Area, and the Scottsburg, Indiana Micropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/08g5q7	Intracerebral hemorrhage is a cause for some diseases.
/m/079ws	Stephen J. \"Steve\" Ditko is an American comic book artist and writer best known as the artist and co-creator, with Stan Lee, of the Marvel Comics heroes Spider-Man and Doctor Strange.\nDitko studied under Batman artist Jerry Robinson at the Cartoonist and Illustrators School in New York City. He began his professional career in 1953, working in the studio of Joe Simon and Jack Kirby, beginning as an inker and coming under the influence of artist Mort Meskin. During this time, he then began his long association with Charlton Comics, where he did work in the genres of science fiction, horror, and mystery. He also co-created the superhero Captain Atom in 1960.\nDuring the 1950s, Ditko also drew for Atlas Comics, a forerunner of Marvel Comics. He went on to contribute much significant work to Marvel, including co-creating Spider-Man, who would become the company's flagship character. Additionally, he created the supernatural hero Doctor Strange and made important contributions to the Hulk and Iron Man. In 1966, after being the exclusive artist on The Amazing Spider-Man and the \"Doctor Strange\" feature in Strange Tales, Ditko left Marvel for reasons never specified.
/m/01lbp	Tara Leigh Patrick, better known by her stage name Carmen Electra, is an American glamour model, actress, television personality, singer, and dancer. She gained fame for her appearances in Playboy magazine, on the MTV game show Singled Out, on the TV series Baywatch, and dancing with the Pussycat Dolls, and has since had roles in the parody films Scary Movie, Date Movie, Epic Movie, Meet the Spartans, and Disaster Movie.
/m/09cxm4	Little Shop of Horrors is a 1986 American musical comedy film directed by Frank Oz. It is a film adaptation of the off-Broadway musical comedy of the same name by composer Alan Menken and writer Howard Ashman about a nerdy florist shop worker who raises a vicious, raunchy plant that feeds on human blood. Menken and Ashman's Off-Broadway musical was based on the low-budget 1960 film The Little Shop of Horrors, directed by Roger Corman. The film stars Rick Moranis, Ellen Greene, Vincent Gardenia, Steve Martin, and Levi Stubbs as the voice of Audrey II.\nLittle Shop of Horrors was filmed on the Albert R. Broccoli 007 Stage at the Pinewood Studios in England, where a \"downtown\" set, complete with overhead train track, was constructed. The film was produced on a budget of $25 million, in contrast to the original 1960 film, which, according to Corman, only cost $30,000. The film's original 23-minute finale, based on the musical's ending, was rewritten and reshot after receiving a strong negative reception from test audiences. Before it was fully restored in 2012 by Warner Home Video, the ending was never available publicly other than in the form of black-and-white workprint footage.
/m/0g_qdz	Basketball coaching is the act of directing and strategizing the behaviour of a basketball team or individual basketball player. Basketball coaching typically encompasses the improvement of individual and team offensive and defensive skills, as well as overall physical conditioning.\nCoaching is usually performed by a single person, often with the help of one or more assistants.
/m/031kyy	Tenjho Tenge, also written as Tenjo Tenge, is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Oh! great. The story primarily focuses on the members of the Juken Club and their opposition, the Executive Council, which is the ruling student body of a high school that educates its students in the art of combat. As the story unfolds, both groups become increasingly involved with an ongoing battle that has been left unresolved for four hundred years.\nTenjho Tenge was serialized in the magazine Ultra Jump from 1998 to 2010, and collected into 22 volumes by Shūeisha. It was adapted into a twenty-four episode anime series and aired on TV Asahi between April 1, 2004 to September 16, 2004. A two-episode original video animation was also made and aired on March 16, 2005. Both versions of the series have been licensed for release in the English language by two different companies. The manga was licensed and released by CMX beginning in 2005, which came under criticism by fans for editing its sexual content. When CMX closed down in 2010, after releasing 18 volumes, Viz Media picked up the rights and completed their own release of the series in 2013. The anime was licensed and released by Geneon Entertainment, also beginning in 2005, however, it is now licensed by Discotek Media.
/m/04_cdd	Football Club Crotone is an Italian football club based in Crotone, Calabria. Founded in 1923, it currently plays in Serie B, holding home games at Stadio Ezio Scida, which has a 9,631-seat capacity.
/m/01w524f	Steven Patrick Morrissey, commonly known by his last name, Morrissey, is an English singer and lyricist. He rose to prominence in the 1980s as the lyricist and vocalist of the band The Smiths. The band was highly successful in the United Kingdom but broke up in 1987, and Morrissey began a solo career, making the top ten of the UK Singles Chart on ten occasions. His first solo album, 1988's Viva Hate, entered the UK albums chart at number one.\nHe is widely regarded as an important innovator in the indie music scene; music magazine NME considers Morrissey to be \"one of the most influential artists ever\", while The Independent says \"most pop stars have to be dead before they reach the iconic status he has reached in his lifetime\". In 2004, Pitchfork Media called him \"one of the most singular figures in Western popular culture from the last twenty years\".\nMorrissey's lyrics have been described as \"dramatic, bleak, funny vignettes about doomed relationships, lonely nightclubs, the burden of the past and the prison of the home\". He is also noted for his unusual baritone vocal style, his quiff haircut and his dynamic live performances. Media controversies have been caused by his forthright and often contrarian opinions, and he has also attracted media attention for his advocacy of vegetarianism and animal rights. He describes himself in his autobiography as an animal protectionist.
/m/01c65z	Malcolm McDowell is an English actor, known for his boisterous and sometimes villainous roles, whose career spans more than four decades. He trained as an actor at the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art.\nMcDowell is known for the controversial films If...., O Lucky Man!, Caligula and A Clockwork Orange, for which he was nominated for a Golden Globe for his portrayal of Alex DeLarge. He has also played varied roles in films and television series of different genres, including The Employer, Tank Girl, Franklin and Bash, Time After Time, Star Trek Generations, the television series Our Friends in the North, Entourage, Heroes, Metalocalypse, the animated film Bolt, and Dr. Sam Loomis in the 2007 remake of Halloween. He also appeared in the music video for the 2009 Slipknot song \"Snuff\". He also narrated the 1982 documentary The Compleat Beatles. He received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 2012.
/m/0bkbm	The spy film genre, which is mainly the subgenre of thriller and action, deals with the subject of fictional espionage, either in a realistic way or as a basis for fantasy. Many novels in the spy fiction genre have been adapted as films, including works by John Buchan, le Carré, Ian Fleming and Len Deighton. It is a significant aspect of British cinema, with leading British directors such as Alfred Hitchcock and Carol Reed making notable contributions and many films set in the British Secret Service.\nSpy films show the espionage activities of government agents and their risk of being discovered by their enemies. From the Nazi espionage thrillers of the 1940s to the James Bond films of the '60s and to the high-tech blockbusters of today, the spy film has always been popular with audiences worldwide. Offering a combination of exciting escapism, technological thrills, and exotic locales, the spy film combines the action and science fiction genres, presenting clearly-delineated heroes for audiences to root for and villains for them to hiss.\nJames Bond is the most famous of film spies. Bond, in his various incarnations, flippantly beat up on the Russians, but there were also more serious, probing works like The Spy Who Came in from the Cold which also emerged from the Cold War. As the Cold War ended, the newest villain became terrorism and more often involved the Middle East.
/m/0gh4g0	Caroline Records started as a subsidiary of Richard Branson's Virgin Records label during the early to mid-1970s. The label originally specialized in putting out budget-price LPs by mainly progressive rock and jazz artists that were generally not considered to have a great deal of 'mainstream' or commercial appeal, but were often however creatively of great interest.\nThe first release was Outside the Dream Syndicate by Tony Conrad and Faust in 1973. The original logo was a photographic-style variation on that of the Virgin label's \"Twins\" logo designed by Roger Dean.\nBoth the US and UK branches of Caroline Records are subsidiaries of Caroline Music, which includes Caroline Distribution and is in turn owned by Universal Music Group. Caroline has or had a number of subsidiary labels including Astralwerks, Gyroscope, Caroline Blue Plate, Rocks the World, Scamp, and Passenger.\nOn February 20, 2014, it was revealed that American rapper 50 Cent had signed to the label, and would release his next album on it on June 3, 2014.
/m/0p98z	Great Yarmouth, often known to locals as Yarmouth, is a coastal town in Norfolk, England. It is located at the mouth of the River Yare, 20 miles east of Norwich.\nIt has been a seaside resort since 1760, and is the gateway from the Norfolk Broads to the North Sea. For hundreds of years it was a major fishing port, depending mainly on the herring fishery, but its fishing industry suffered a steep decline in the second half of the 20th century, and has now all but disappeared. The discovery of oil in the North Sea in the 1960s led to a flourishing oil rig supply industry, and today it services offshore natural gas rigs. More recently, the development of renewable energy sources, especially offshore wind power, has created further opportunities for support services. A wind farm of 30 generators is within sight of the town on the Scroby Sands.\nThe town has a beach and two piers.
/m/0lbd9	The 1960 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XVII Olympiad, was an international multi-sport event held from August 25 to September 11, 1960 in Rome, Italy. Rome had been awarded the organization of the 1908 Summer Olympics, but after the 1906 eruption of Mount Vesuvius, was forced to decline and pass the honors to London.
/m/07c404	FC Midtjylland is a professional Danish football team from Herning and Ikast. The team was a result of a merger between Ikast FS and Herning Fremad. FC Midtjylland plays in the Danish Superliga.
/m/07_dn	Verizon Communications, branded as Verizon, is an American broadband and telecommunications company and a corporate component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average. The company is based in New York City at 1095 Avenue of the Americas.\nWhat eventually became Verizon was founded as Bell Atlantic, which was one of the seven Baby Bells that were formed after AT&T Corporation was forced to relinquish its control of the Bell System by order of the Justice Department of the United States. Bell Atlantic came into existence in 1984 with a footprint from New Jersey to Virginia, with each area having a separate operating company.\nAs part of the rebranding that the Baby Bells took in the mid-1990s, all of the operating companies assumed the Bell Atlantic name. In 1997, Bell Atlantic expanded into New York and the New England states by merging with fellow Baby Bell NYNEX. In addition, Bell Atlantic moved their headquarters from Philadelphia into the old NYNEX headquarters and rebranded the entire company as Bell Atlantic.\nIn 2000 Bell Atlantic merged with GTE, which operated telecommunications companies across most of the rest of the country that was not already in Bell Atlantic's footprint. The combined company elected to change its name to \"Verizon\", a portmanteau of veritas and horizon. The company's headquarters, while always having been located in New York City, were originally at 1095 Avenue of the Americas until the Bell Atlantic-GTE merger, when its headquarters were moved Verizon Building at 140 West Street in Lower Manhattan before returning to the 1095 space in 2013.
/m/01xyqk	Verve Records is an American jazz record label now owned by Universal Music Group. It was founded by Norman Granz in 1956, absorbing the catalogues of his earlier labels, Clef Records and Norgran Records, and material which had been licensed to Mercury previously.
/m/0137n0	Willie Hugh Nelson is an American country music singer-songwriter, as well as an author, poet, actor, and activist. The critical success of the album Shotgun Willie, combined with the critical and commercial success of Red Headed Stranger and Stardust, made Nelson one of the most recognized artists in country music. He was one of the main figures of outlaw country, a subgenre of country music that developed in the late 1960s as a reaction to the conservative restrictions of the Nashville sound. Nelson has acted in over 30 films, co-authored several books, and has been involved in activism for the use of biofuels and the legalization of marijuana.\nBorn during the Great Depression, and raised by his grandparents, Nelson wrote his first song at age seven and joined his first band at ten. During high school, he toured locally with the Bohemian Polka as their lead singer and guitar player. After graduating from high school, in 1950, he joined the Air Force but was later discharged due to back problems. After his return, Nelson attended Baylor University for two years but dropped out because he was succeeding in music. During this time, he worked as a disc jockey in Texas radio stations and a singer in honky tonks. Nelson moved to Vancouver, Washington, where he wrote \"Family Bible\" and recorded the song \"Lumberjack\" in 1956. In 1958, he moved to Houston, Texas after signing a contract with D Records. He sang at the Esquire Ballroom weekly and he worked as a disk jockey. During that time, he wrote songs that would become country standards, including \"Funny How Time Slips Away\", \"Hello Walls\", \"Pretty Paper\", and \"Crazy\". In 1960 he moved to Nashville, Tennessee, and later signed a publishing contract with Pamper Music which allowed him to join Ray Price's band as a bassist. In 1962, he recorded his first album, ...And Then I Wrote. Due to this success, Nelson signed in 1964 with RCA Victor and joined the Grand Ole Opry the following year. After mid-chart hits in the late 1960s and the early 1970s, Nelson retired in 1972 and moved to Austin, Texas. The rise of the popularity of hippie music in Austin motivated Nelson to return from retirement, performing frequently at the Armadillo World Headquarters.
/m/03qbnj	The Grammy Award for Best Pop Vocal Album is an honor presented at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards, to recording artists for quality pop music albums. Awards in several categories are distributed annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position.\"\nThe honor was first presented in 1968 at the 10th Grammy Awards as Best Contemporary Album to The Beatles for Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band. The category was then discontinued until 1995 where it emerged with the new name Best Pop Album. In 2001, the category became known as Best Pop Vocal Album. According to the category description guide for the 52nd Grammy Awards, the award is presented to artists that perform \"albums containing at least 51% playing time of newly recorded pop vocal tracks.\" Kelly Clarkson is the first and only artist to win the award more than once. She, along with Madonna, Pink, Sarah McLachlan and Justin Timberlake share the record for the most nominations, with three each.
/m/04w1j9	Edward R. Pressman is an American film producer.\nPressman was born in New York City, the son of Lynn and Jack Pressman, known as the \"King of Marbles\", who founded the Pressman Toy Corporation.
/m/01cdjp	The Randolph Caldecott Medal annually recognizes the preceding year's \"most distinguished American picture book for children\", beginning with 1937 publications. It is awarded to the illustrator by the Association for Library Service to Children, a division of the American Library Association. The Caldecott and Newbery Medals are the most prestigious American children's book awards.\nThe award is named for Randolph Caldecott, a nineteenth-century English illustrator. Rene Paul Chambellan designed the Medal in 1937. The obverse scene is derived from Randolph Caldecott's front cover illustration for The Diverting History of John Gilpin, which depicts Gilpin astride a runaway horse. The reverse is based on \"Four and twenty blackbirds bak'd in a pie\", one of Caldecott's illustrations for the nursery rhyme \"Sing a Song of Sixpence\".\nBeside the Caldecott Medal, the committee awards a variable number of citations to worthy runners-up, called the Caldecott Honors or Caldecott Honor Books. Recently there are two to four annual Honors. The Honor Books must be a subset of the runners-up on the final ballot, either the leading runners-up on that ballot or the leaders on one further ballot that excludes the winner.
/m/0853g	Wellington is the capital city and second most populous urban area of New Zealand. It is at the southwestern tip of the North Island, between Cook Strait and the Rimutaka Range. The urban area is home to 397,900 residents. The city council area has 204,000 people.\nThe Wellington urban area is the major population centre of the southern North Island, and is the seat of the Wellington Region – which in addition to the urban area covers the Kapiti Coast and Wairarapa. The urban area includes four cities: Wellington, on the peninsula between Cook Strait and Wellington Harbour, contains the central business district and about half of Wellington's population; Porirua on Porirua Harbour to the north is notable for its large Māori and Pacific Island communities; Lower Hutt and Upper Hutt are largely suburban areas to the northeast, together known as the Hutt Valley. Wellington also holds the distinction of being the world's southernmost capital city.\nThe 2012 Mercer Quality of Living Survey ranked Wellington 13th in the world. In 2011 Lonely Planet Best in Travel 2011 named Wellington as fourth in its Top 10 Cities to Visit in 2011, referring to the New Zealand capital as the \"coolest little capital in the world\".
/m/027r9t	Almost Famous is a 2000 comedy-drama film written, co-produced, and directed by Cameron Crowe, telling the coming-of-age story of a teenage journalist writing for Rolling Stone magazine while on the road with a fictitious 1970s rock band named Stillwater. The film is semi-autobiographical, Crowe himself having been a teenage writer for Rolling Stone.\nThe film received positive reviews, but failed to break even at the box office. It received four Oscar nominations, with Crowe winning one for best original screenplay. It also earned the 2001 Grammy Award Best Compilation Soundtrack Album. Roger Ebert hailed it the best film of the year.
/m/08_83x	Amy Nuttall is an English actress and singer most notable for playing the role of Chloe Atkinson in the long-running ITV soap opera Emmerdale from 2000 until 2005.
/m/02scbv	Rambo: First Blood Part II is a 1985 American action film directed by George P. Cosmatos and starring Sylvester Stallone. The screenplay was by Stallone and James Cameron. A sequel to 1982's First Blood, it is the second installment in the Rambo series, with Stallone reprising his role as Vietnam veteran John Rambo. Picking up where the first film left, the sequel is set in the context of the Vietnam War POW/MIA issue; it sees Rambo released from prison by federal order to document the possible existence of POWs in Vietnam, under the belief that he will find nothing, thus enabling the government to sweep the issue under the rug.\nDespite negative reviews, Rambo: First Blood Part II was a major box office success. Rambo: First Blood Part II is the most recognized and memorable installment in the series, having inspired countless rip-offs, parodies, video games, and even imitations such as Missing in Action, Strike Commando, Rampage, and The Interrogation of Muscular P.O.W. Rambo: First Blood Part II was the film that popularized and stylized the lone wolf/one-man army action hero element which has been used in numerous action thriller films and media since its release.
/m/02hxhz	Big Daddy is a 1999 American comedy and coming-of-age film directed by Dennis Dugan and starring Adam Sandler and the Sprouse brothers. The film was produced by Robert Simonds and released on June 25, 1999, by Columbia Pictures where it opened #1 at the box office with a $41,536,370 first weekend as well as a score of 41% on Metacritic.
/m/0krdk	The chief financial officer or chief financial and operating officer is a corporate officer primarily responsible for managing the financial risks of the corporation. This officer is also responsible for financial planning and record-keeping, as well as financial reporting to higher management. In some sectors the CFO is also responsible for analysis of data. The title is equivalent to finance director, a common title in the United Kingdom. The CFO typically reports to the chief executive officer and to the board of directors, and may additionally sit on the board. The CFO supervises the finance unit and is the chief financial spokesperson for the organization. The CFO reports directly to the President/Chief Executive Officer and directly assists the Chief Operating Officer on all strategic and tactical matters as they relate to budget management, cost benefit analysis, forecasting needs and the securing of new funding.
/m/0y_pg	Ghost is a 1990 American romantic fantasy-thriller film starring Patrick Swayze, Demi Moore, Tony Goldwyn, and Whoopi Goldberg. It was written by Bruce Joel Rubin and directed by Jerry Zucker. The plot centers on a young woman in jeopardy and the ghost of her murdered lover, who tries to save her with the help of a reluctant psychic.\nThe film was an outstanding commercial success, grossing over $505.7 million at the box office on a budget of $22 million. It was the highest-grossing film of 1990. Adjusted for inflation, Ghost is currently the 91st-highest-grossing film of all time.\nThe film was nominated for five Academy Awards, including Best Picture, Best Score and Best Film Editing. It won the awards for Best Supporting Actress for Goldberg and Best Original Screenplay. Swayze and Moore both received Golden Globe Award nominations for their performances, while Goldberg won the BAFTA, Golden Globe, and Saturn Awards in addition to the Oscar.
/m/0hd7j	The University of Mississippi is a public, coeducational research university in Oxford, Mississippi, United States. Founded in 1848, the school is composed of the main campus in Oxford, four branch campuses located in Booneville, Grenada, Tupelo, and Southaven, as well as the University of Mississippi Medical Center in Jackson. It also operates the University of Mississippi Field Station in Abbeville. It is both a sea-grant and space-grant institute. Sixty-two percent of undergraduates are from Mississippi and twenty-five percent of all students are minorities. International students come from seventy-four nations. Ole Miss is Mississippi's second largest university with a total enrollment of 21,528 in fall 2012. The Oxford campus is the second-largest main campus in the state with a fall 2012 enrollment of 17,142.
/m/0fb7c	Leslie William Nielsen, OC was a Canadian-American actor and comedian. Nielsen appeared in more than one hundred films and 150 television programs over the span of his career, portraying more than 220 characters.\nBorn in Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada, Nielsen enlisted in the Royal Canadian Air Force and worked as a disc jockey before receiving a scholarship to Neighborhood Playhouse. Making his television debut in 1948, he quickly expanded to over 50 television appearances two years later. Nielsen made his film debut in 1956, and began collecting his roles in dramas, westerns, and romance films between the 1950s and the 1970s. Nielsen's performance in the films Forbidden Planet and The Poseidon Adventure received positive reviews as a serious actor, although he is primarily known for his comedic roles during the 1980s and the early 1990s.\nAlthough Nielsen's acting career crossed a variety of genres in both television and films, his deadpan delivery in Airplane! marked a turning point in his career, one that would make him, in the words of film critic Roger Ebert, \"the Olivier of spoofs.\" Nielsen enjoyed further success with The Naked Gun film series, based on an earlier short-lived television series Police Squad! in which he also starred. Nielsen's portrayal of comedic characters seemingly oblivious to their absurd surroundings gave him a reputation as a comedian. Nielsen was recognized with a variety of awards throughout his career, and was inducted into the Canada and Hollywood Walks of Fame.
/m/0641kkh	This is a following list of the MTV Movie Award winners for Most Desirable Female. This award was last given out in 1996, along with its counterpart, Most Desirable Male.
/m/0bqdvt	Robert Ridgely was an American actor and vocal artist, known for both on-camera roles and extensive voice-over work.
/m/01q32bd	Robin Charles Thicke is an American-Canadian singer-songwriter, musician, and actor. He is the son of actor Alan Thicke and actress Gloria Loring. Thicke has worked with popular artists such as Christina Aguilera, Nicki Minaj, Jennifer Hudson, Usher, and Mary J. Blige. Thicke has also been acknowledged for his work on popular albums such as Usher's Confessions and Lil Wayne's Tha Carter III. Thicke was a singer, mentor, and judge on the ABC show Duets.
/m/01y49	The Cincinnati Bengals are a professional American football franchise based in Cincinnati, Ohio. They are currently members of the North Division of the American Football Conference of the National Football League. Their home stadium is Paul Brown Stadium in downtown Cincinnati. Their current head coach is Marvin Lewis. Their primary colors are orange and black. Their chief rivals are the Baltimore Ravens, Cleveland Browns and Pittsburgh Steelers.\nThe Bengals were founded in 1966 as a member of the American Football League by former Cleveland Browns head coach Paul Brown. Brown was the Bengals' head coach from their inception to 1975. After being dismissed as the Browns' head coach by Art Modell in January 1963, Brown had shown interest in establishing another NFL franchise in Ohio and looked at both Cincinnati and Columbus. He ultimately chose the former when a deal between the city, Hamilton County, and Major League Baseball's Cincinnati Reds was struck that resulted in an agreement to build a multipurpose stadium which could host both baseball and football games. Due to the impending merger of the American Football League and the National Football League, which was due to take full effect in the 1970 season, Brown agreed to join the AFL as its tenth and final franchise. The Bengals, like most other former AFL teams, were assigned to the AFC following the merger.
/m/02g1jh	David Arnold is an English film composer best known for scoring five James Bond films, the 1994 film Stargate, the 1996 film Independence Day, the 1998 film Godzilla and the television series Little Britain and Sherlock. For Independence Day he received a Grammy Award for Best Instrumental Composition Written for a Motion Picture or for Television. Arnold is a fellow of the British Academy of Songwriters, Composers and Authors.
/m/0k3l5	Suffolk County is a county of Massachusetts. As of the 2010 census, the population was 722,023. The county seat is Boston, the state capital and largest city. The county government was abolished in the late 1990s and Suffolk remains only as a geographic area, still used by entities such as the National Weather Service to define a weather alert affecting its footprint without listing every single town/city that embraces.
/m/02wb6d	Franz Waxman was a German-born, Jewish-American composer, known primarily for his work in the film music genre. Waxman was the composer of such film scores as The Bride of Frankenstein, Rebecca, and Rear Window. He also composed concert works, including the oratorio Joshua, and The Song of Terezin, a work for orchestra, chorus, and children's chorus based upon poetry written by children in the Theresienstadt concentration camp during World War II. Waxman also founded the Los Angeles Music Festival in 1947 with which he conducted a number of West Coast premieres by fellow film composers, and concert composers alike.
/m/035zr0	Young Adam is a 2003 British drama film written and directed by David Mackenzie. The screenplay is based on the 1954 novel of the same name by Alexander Trocchi.
/m/042xh	Joanne \"Jo\" Rowling, OBE FRSL, best known by her pen name J. K. Rowling, is a British novelist, best known as the author of the Harry Potter fantasy series. The Potter books have gained worldwide attention, won multiple awards, and sold more than 400 million copies. They have become the best-selling book series in history, and been the basis for a series of films which has become the highest-grossing film series in history. Rowling had overall approval on the scripts and maintained creative control by serving as a producer on the final instalment.\nBorn in Yate, Gloucestershire, Rowling was working as a researcher and bilingual secretary for Amnesty International when she conceived the idea for the Harry Potter series on a delayed train from Manchester to London in 1990. The seven-year period that followed entailed the death of her mother, divorce from her first husband and poverty until Rowling finished the first novel in the series, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone. Rowling subsequently published 6 sequels—the last, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows —as well as 3 supplements to the series. Since, Rowling has parted with her agency and resumed writing for adult readership, releasing the tragicomedy The Casual Vacancy and—using the pseudonym Robert Galbraith—the crime fiction novel The Cuckoo's Calling, the first of a series.
/m/0h6rm	The University of Edinburgh, founded in 1583, is the sixth-oldest university in the English-speaking world and one of Scotland's ancient universities. The university is deeply embedded in the fabric of the city, with many of the buildings in the historic Old Town belonging to the university.\nThe University of Edinburgh is ranked 17th in the world by the 2013 QS rankings. It is ranked 11th in the world in arts and humanities by the 2012–13 Times Higher Education Ranking. It is ranked the 15th most employable university in the world by the 2013 Global Employability University Ranking. It is a member of both the Russell Group, and the League of European Research Universities, a consortium of 21 research universities in Europe. It has the third largest endowment of any university in the United Kingdom, after the universities of Cambridge and Oxford.\nThe university played an important role in leading Edinburgh to its reputation as a chief intellectual centre during the Age of Enlightenment, and helped give the city the nickname of the Athens of the North. Graduates of the university include some of the major figures of modern history, including the naturalist Charles Darwin, physicist James Clerk Maxwell, philosopher David Hume, mathematician Thomas Bayes, surgeon Joseph Lister, signatories of the American declaration of independence John Witherspoon and Benjamin Rush, inventor Alexander Graham Bell, first president of Tanzania Julius Nyerere, and a host of famous authors such as Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, Robert Louis Stevenson, J.M. Barrie and Sir Walter Scott. Associated people include 18 Nobel Prize winners, 1 Abel Prize winner, several Turing Award winners, 3 Prime Ministers of the United Kingdom, 2 currently-sitting UK Supreme Court Justices, and several Olympic gold medallists. It continues to have links to the British Royal Family, having had Prince Philip as its Chancellor from 1953 to 2010, and Princess Anne since 2011.
/m/04s7y	Manitoba is a Canadian prairie province. The province, with an area of 649,950 square kilometres, has a largely continental climate, with thousands of lakes and many rivers. Agriculture, mostly concentrated in the fertile southern and western parts of the province, is vital to the province's economy; other major industries are transportation, manufacturing, mining, forestry, energy, and tourism.\nManitoba's capital and largest city, Winnipeg, is Canada's eighth-largest Census Metropolitan Area, and home to 60 percent of the population of the province. Winnipeg is the seat of government, home to the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba and the highest court in the jurisdiction, the Manitoba Court of Appeal. Four of the province's five universities, both of its professional sports teams, and most of its cultural activities are located in Winnipeg.\nFur traders first arrived during the late 17th century and Manitoba was the heart of Rupert's Land, owned by the Hudson's Bay Company. Manitoba became a province of Canada in 1870 after the Red River Rebellion. A general strike took place in Winnipeg in 1919, and the province was hit hard by the Great Depression. This led to the creation of what would become the New Democratic Party of Manitoba, one of the province's major political parties and currently in power, led by premier Greg Selinger.
/m/057lbk	Fantastic Four is a 2005 American superhero film inspired by the Marvel Comics comic Fantastic Four. It was directed by Tim Story, and released by 20th Century Fox. It is the second live-action Fantastic Four film to be filmed. A previous attempt, titled The Fantastic Four, was a B-movie produced by Roger Corman that ultimately went unreleased. Fantastic Four was released in the United States on July 8, 2005.\nDespite being a box-office success, the film was negatively received by critics, being criticized for its plot and its lack of originality. A sequel, Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer, was released in 2007.
/m/02w7gg	The English are a nation and ethnic group native to England, who speak English. The English identity is of early medieval origin, when they were known in Old English as the Angelcynn. England is a country of the United Kingdom and English people in England are British citizens. Their ethnonym is derived from the Angles, Germanic peoples who migrated to Great Britain in the fifth century AD.\nHistorically, the English population is descended from several peoples — the earlier Britons, the Germanic tribes that settled in the region who founded what was to become England, and the later Danes, Normans and other groups. Following the Acts of Union 1707, in which the Kingdom of England was succeeded by Great Britain, English customs and identity became closely aligned with British customs and identity.\nToday some English people have recent forebears from other parts of the United Kingdom while some are also descended from more recent immigrants from other European countries and from the Commonwealth.\nThe English people are the source of the English language, the Westminster system, the common law system and, numerous major sports. These and other English cultural characteristics have spread worldwide, in part as a result of the former British Empire.
/m/018mm4	The Pierce Brothers Westwood Village Memorial Park Cemetery is a cemetery in the Westwood Village area of Los Angeles, California. It is located at 1218 Glendon Avenue in Westwood.\nAlthough it is the resting place of some of the entertainment industry's greatest names, it also contains the graves of many uncelebrated people. For example, when Marilyn Monroe died in 1962, Joe DiMaggio, responsible for Monroe's arrangements, chose Westwood not because of its celebrities but because it was the resting place of Monroe's mother's friend, Grace Goddard, and Goddard's aunt, Ana Lower, both of whom had cared for Monroe as a child.
/m/09b9m	Dresden is the capital city of the Free State of Saxony in Germany. It is situated in a valley on the River Elbe, near the Czech border. The Dresden conurbation is part of the Saxon Triangle metropolitan area with 2.4 million inhabitants.\nDresden has a long history as the capital and royal residence for the Electors and Kings of Saxony, who for centuries furnished the city with cultural and artistic splendor. The city was known as the Jewel Box, because of its baroque and rococo city center. The controversial British and American bombing of Dresden in World War II towards the end of the war killed at least 25,000 civilians and destroyed the entire city center. The impact of the bombing ruined the face of the city, as did for other major German cities. After the war Restoration work has helped to reconstruct parts of the historic inner city, including the Katholische Hofkirche, the Semper Oper and the Dresdner Frauenkirche as well as the suburbs.\nBefore and since German reunification in 1990, Dresden was and is a cultural, educational, political and economic center of Germany and Europe. The Dresden University of Technology is one of the 10 largest universities in Germany and part of the German Universities Excellence Initiative.
/m/03ng8q	Vagrant Records is an indie rock label based in Los Angeles, California and is home to such artists as The 1975, Eels, The Hold Steady, Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeroes, Active Child, PJ Harvey, Reptar, School of Seven Bells, Black Rebel Motorcycle Club, Thrice, James Vincent McMorrow, Placebo, Band of Skulls, and many more.\nRich Egan and President Jon Cohen founded Vagrant Records in 1996. The label’s original roots were in punk rock, pop punk, and emo and included artists such as Dashboard Confessional, Saves The Day, The Get Up Kids, and Alkaline Trio.
/m/015wfg	Roy Richard Scheider was an American actor and amateur boxer. He was best known for his leading role as Police Chief Martin C. Brody in the first two Jaws movies, choreographer and film director Joe Gideon in All That Jazz, Detective Buddy \"Cloudy\" Russo in The French Connection, and Captain Nathan Bridger in the science fiction television series seaQuest DSV. Scheider's final performance was posthumously released in the 2011 thriller Iron Cross. Described by AllMovie as \"one of the most unique and distinguished of all Hollywood actors\", Scheider was nominated for two Academy Awards, a Golden Globe Award and a BAFTA Award.
/m/039bp	Eugene Allen \"Gene\" Hackman is a retired American actor and novelist.\nIn a career that spanned five decades, Hackman has been nominated for five Academy Awards, winning two, including best actor in The French Connection. In addition Hackman has also won three Golden Globes and two BAFTAs. He first came to fame in 1967 with his performance as Buck Barrow in Bonnie and Clyde. His major subsequent films include The French Connection, in which he played Jimmy \"Popeye\" Doyle; The Poseidon Adventure; The Conversation; Superman, in which he played arch-villain Lex Luthor; Hoosiers; Mississippi Burning; Unforgiven; The Firm; Crimson Tide; Get Shorty; The Birdcage; Enemy of the State; and The Royal Tenenbaums.
/m/01_5cg	Apache is the collective term for several culturally related groups of Native Americans in the United States originally from the Southwest United States. These indigenous peoples of North America speak a Southern Athabaskan language, which is related linguistically to the languages of Athabaskan speakers of Alaska and western Canada.\nThe modern term Apache excludes the related Navajo people. Since the Navajo and the other Apache groups are clearly related through culture and language, they are all considered Apachean. Apachean peoples formerly ranged over eastern Arizona, northern Mexico, New Mexico, west and southwest Texas, and southern Colorado. The Apachería consisted of high mountains, sheltered and watered valleys, deep canyons, deserts, and the southern Great Plains.\nThe Apachean groups had little political unity; the major groups spoke seven different languages and developed distinct and competitive cultures. The current division of Apachean groups includes the Navajo, Western Apache, Chiricahua, Mescalero, Jicarilla, Lipan, and Plains Apache. Apache groups live in Oklahoma and Texas and on reservations in Arizona and New Mexico.
/m/0jgld	Citrus County is a county located in the U.S. state of Florida. Its 2010 population was 141,236. Its county seat is Inverness and its largest community is Homosassa Springs. The Homosassa Springs Micropolitan Statistical Area includes the entire county. Citrus County is sometimes considered a part of the Tampa Bay Area along with the counties to the south.
/m/03kcyd	Kellie Noelle Martin is an American television actress who is known for her roles as Rebecca \"Becca\" Thatcher in Life Goes On, Christy Huddleston in Christy, Lucy Knight on ER, and Samantha Kinsey in Mystery Woman.
/m/014d4v	The University of York is a campus university in York, England. Over 30 departments and centres cover a wide range of subjects in the arts, social sciences, science and technology. A proportion of the university's teaching is divided along collegiate lines; some students also live in college accommodation.\n\nThe landscaped campus, constructed in the mid-1960s, is on the outskirts of the medieval city, north and west of the village of Heslington. This campus is home to York Science Park and the National Science Learning Centre. The university occupies a number of historic buildings in the city centre, and also has permission to build a planned extension to the campus on arable land east of Heslington that was taken out of the green belt for the purpose.
/m/0qm40	Rostock, is the largest city in the north German state Mecklenburg-Vorpommern. Rostock is located on the Warnow river; the quarter of Warnemünde 12 kilometres north of the city centre is directly located at the coast of the Baltic Sea.\nRostock is home to one of the oldest universities in the world, the University of Rostock founded in 1419.\nThe city territory of Rostock stretches for about 20 km along the Warnow to the Baltic Sea. The largest built-up area of Rostock is on the western side of the river. The eastern part of its territory is dominated by industrial estates and the forested Rostock Heath.
/m/0h6r5	Goodfellas is a 1990 American crime film directed by Martin Scorsese. It is a film adaptation of the 1986 non-fiction book Wiseguy by Nicholas Pileggi, who co-wrote the screenplay with Scorsese. The film follows the rise and fall of Lucchese crime family associate Henry Hill and his friends over a period from 1955 to 1980.\nScorsese initially named the film Wise Guy, but postponed it, and later he and Pileggi changed the name to Goodfellas. To prepare for their roles in the film, Robert De Niro, Joe Pesci, and Ray Liotta often spoke with Pileggi, who shared research material left over from writing the book. According to Pesci, improvisation and ad-libbing came out of rehearsals where Scorsese gave the actors freedom to do whatever they wanted. The director made transcripts of these sessions, took the lines he liked best, and put them into a revised script the cast worked from during principal photography.\nGoodfellas performed well at the box office, grossing $46.8 million domestically, well above its $25 million budget. It also received positive reviews from critics. The film was nominated for six Academy Awards, including Best Picture and Best Director, and won for Pesci in the Best Actor in a Supporting Role category. Scorsese's film won five awards from the British Academy of Film and Television Arts, including Best Film, and Best Director. The film was named Best Film of the year by various film critics groups. Goodfellas is often considered one of the greatest films of all time, both in the crime genre and in general, and was deemed \"culturally significant\" and selected for preservation in the National Film Registry by the United States Library of Congress. Scorsese followed this film up with two more films about organized crime: 1995's Casino and 2006's The Departed.
/m/0b_7k	Peter Bogdanovich is an American film historian, director, writer, actor, producer and critic. He was part of the wave of \"New Hollywood\" directors, which included William Friedkin, Brian De Palma, George Lucas, Martin Scorsese, Michael Cimino and Francis Ford Coppola. His most critically acclaimed film is The Last Picture Show.
/m/078ym8	Lorraine is one of the 27 regions of France. The administrative region has two cities of equal importance: Metz, the regional prefecture and Nancy. Lorraine's name is derived from the medieval kingdom of Lotharingia, which in turn was named for either Emperor Lothair I or King Lothair II.\nAs a region in modern France, Lorraine consists of the four departments Meurthe-et-Moselle, Meuse, Moselle and Vosges, and contains 2,337 communes. Lorraine maintains nearly half of France's border with Germany, and also borders Belgium and Luxembourg.
/m/0fqww	Drenthe is a province of the Netherlands, located in the north-east of the country. The capital city is Assen. It is bordered by Overijssel to the south, Friesland to the west, Groningen to the north, and Germany to the east.
/m/0k3ll	Worcester County is a county located in the U.S. state of Massachusetts. The largest city and traditional county seat is the city of Worcester. As of the 2010 census, the population was 798,552. Worcester County is also the metropolitan statistical area for the city of Worcester. The Worcester metropolitan area is sometimes considered part of an extended Boston metropolitan area.
/m/02srgf	Crust punk is a form of music influenced by anarcho-punk, hardcore punk and extreme metal. The style, which evolved in the mid-1980s in England, often has songs with dark and pessimistic lyrics that linger on political and social ills. The term \"crust\" was coined by Hellbastard on their 1986 Ripper Crust demo.\nCrust is partly defined by its \"bassy\" and \"dirty\" sound. It is often played at a fast tempo with occasional slow sections. Vocals are usually guttural and may be grunted, growled or screamed. Crust punk takes cues from the anarcho-punk of Crass and Discharge and the extreme metal of bands like Venom, Hellhammer/Celtic Frost and Motörhead. While the term was first associated with Hellbastard, Amebix have been described as the originators of the style.
/m/06by7	Rock music is a genre of popular music that originated as \"rock and roll\" in the United States in the 1950s, and developed into a range of different styles in the 1960s and later, particularly in the United Kingdom and the United States. It has its roots in 1940s' and 1950s' rock and roll, itself heavily influenced by rhythm and blues and country music. Rock music also drew strongly on a number of other genres such as blues and folk, and incorporated influences from jazz, classical and other musical sources.\nMusically, rock has centered on the electric guitar, usually as part of a rock group with bass guitar and drums. Typically, rock is song-based music usually with a 4/4 time signature using a verse-chorus form, but the genre has become extremely diverse. Like pop music, lyrics often stress romantic love but also address a wide variety of other themes that are frequently social or political in emphasis. The dominance of rock by white, male musicians has been seen as one of the key factors shaping the themes explored in rock music. Rock places a higher degree of emphasis on musicianship, live performance, and an ideology of authenticity than pop music.\nBy the late 1960s, referred to as the \"golden age\" or \"classic rock\" period, a number of distinct rock music sub-genres had emerged, including hybrids like blues rock, folk rock, country rock, and jazz-rock fusion, many of which contributed to the development of psychedelic rock, which was influenced by the countercultural psychedelic scene. New genres that emerged from this scene included progressive rock, which extended the artistic elements; glam rock, which highlighted showmanship and visual style; and the diverse and enduring major sub-genre of heavy metal, which emphasized volume, power, and speed. In the second half of the 1970s, punk rock both intensified and reacted against some of these trends to produce a raw, energetic form of music characterized by overt political and social critiques. Punk was an influence into the 1980s on the subsequent development of other sub-genres, including new wave, post-punk and eventually the alternative rock movement. From the 1990s alternative rock began to dominate rock music and break through into the mainstream in the form of grunge, Britpop, and indie rock. Further fusion sub-genres have since emerged, including pop punk, rap rock, and rap metal, as well as conscious attempts to revisit rock's history, including the garage rock/post-punk and synthpop revivals at the beginning of the new millennium.
/m/0mgrh	Manche is a French department in Lower Normandy, named for the English Channel.
/m/02qvgy	In ice hockey, a forward is a player position on the ice whose primary responsibility is to score and assist goals. Generally, the forwards try to stay in three different lanes, also known as thirds, of the ice going from goal to goal. It is not mandatory, however, to stay in a lane. Staying in a lane aids in forming the common offensive strategy known as a triangle. One forward obtains the puck and then the forwards pass it between themselves making the goalie move side to side. This strategy opens up the net for scoring opportunities. This strategy allows for a constant flow of the play, attempting to maintain the control of play by one team in the offensive zone. The forwards can pass to the defence players playing at the blue line, thus freeing up the play and allowing either a shot from the point or a pass back to the offence. This then begins the triangle again.\nEach team has three forwards in each line:\nLeft Wing\nCentre\nRight Wing
/m/028_yv	Once Upon a Time in America is a 1984 Italian epic crime drama film co-written and directed by Sergio Leone and starring Robert De Niro and James Woods. It chronicles the lives of Jewish ghetto youths who rise to prominence in New York City's world of organized crime. The film explores themes of childhood friendships, love, lust, greed, betrayal, loss, broken relationships, and the rise of mobsters in American society.\nLeone adapted the story from the novel The Hoods, written by Harry Grey, while filming Once Upon a Time in the West. The film went through casting changes and production issues before filming began in 1982.\nThe original film by the director was 269 minutes long, but when the film premièred out of competition at the 1984 Cannes Film Festival, Leone had cut it to 229 minutes to appease the distributors. This was the version shown in European cinemas. However, for the US release on June 1, 1984, Once Upon a Time in America was edited further to 139 minutes by the studio, against the director's wishes. In this shorter version, the flashback narrative was changed, by re-editing the scenes in chronological order. Leone was reportedly heartbroken by the American cut, and never made another film before his death in 1989.
/m/0512p	The Minnesota Twins are a professional baseball team based in Minneapolis, Minnesota. They play in the Central Division of Major League Baseball's American League. The team is named after the Twin Cities area comprising Minneapolis and St. Paul. They played in Metropolitan Stadium from 1961 to 1981 and the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome from 1982 to 2009. They played their inaugural game at the newly completed Target Field on April 12, 2010.\nThe team was founded in Kansas City in 1894 as the Kansas City Blues of the Western League. The team moved to Washington, D.C. in 1901 as one of the eight original teams of the American League, named the Washington Senators or Washington Nationals. Although the Washington team endured long bouts of mediocrity, they had a period of prolonged success in the 1920s and 1930s, led by Baseball Hall of Fame members Bucky Harris, Goose Goslin, Sam Rice, Heinie Manush, Joe Cronin, and above all Walter Johnson. Manager Clark Griffith joined the team in 1912 and became the team's owner in 1920. The franchise remained under Griffith family ownership until 1984.\nIn 1960, Major League Baseball granted the city of Minneapolis an expansion team. Washington owner Calvin Griffith, Clark's nephew and adopted son, requested that he be allowed to move his team to Minneapolis and instead give Washington the expansion team. Upon league approval, the team moved to Minnesota after the 1960 season, setting up shop in Metropolitan Stadium, while Washington fielded a brand new \"Washington Senators\".
/m/0ddt_	Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace is a 1999 American epic space opera film written and directed by George Lucas. It is the fourth film to be released in the Star Wars saga, as the first of a three-part prequel to the original Star Wars trilogy, as well as the first film in the saga in terms of story chronology. The film was also Lucas' first production as a film director after a 22-year hiatus following the original Star Wars film, and only his fourth overall.\nThe film follows the Jedi Knight Qui-Gon Jinn and his apprentice Obi-Wan Kenobi, who escort and protect Queen Amidala in traveling from the planet Naboo to the planet Coruscant in the hope of finding a peaceful end to a large-scale interplanetary trade dispute. It also features a young Anakin Skywalker before he became a Jedi, introduced as a young slave boy who seems to be unusually strong with nascent powers of the Force, and must contend with the mysterious return of the Sith.\nLucas began production of this film after he had concluded that the science of film special effects had advanced to the level of what he wanted for his fourth film in the saga. Its filming took place during 1997 at various locations including Leavesden Film Studios and the Tunisian desert. Its visual effects included extensive use of computer-generated imagery, with some of its characters and settings being completely computerized and not existing at all in the real world.
/m/04gc2	A lawyer, according to Black's Law Dictionary, is \"a person learned in the law; as an attorney, counsel or solicitor; a person who is practicing law.\" Law is the system of rules of conduct established by the sovereign government of a society to correct wrongs, maintain the stability of political and social authority, and deliver justice. Working as a lawyer involves the practical application of abstract legal theories and knowledge to solve specific individualized problems, or to advance the interests of those who retain lawyers to perform legal services.\nThe role of the lawyer varies significantly across legal jurisdictions, and so it can be treated here in only the most general terms.
/m/018mmw	Forest Lawn – Hollywood Hills Cemetery is part of the Forest Lawn chain of Southern California cemeteries. It is at 6300 Forest Lawn Drive in the Hollywood Hills neighborhood in Los Angeles, California, on the lower north slope at the far east end of the Santa Monica Mountains range that overlooks North Hollywood and Burbank in the San Fernando Valley from its southeast. The Los Angeles River courses from west to east immediately to the north.\nForest Lawn – Hollywood Hills is a park dedicated to the preservation of American history and hosts high-profile events such as an annual Veterans Day ceremony attended by dignitaries and other VIPs. Los Angeles Magazine described it as a \"theme-park necropolis\", paraphrasing Jessica Mitford, indicating \"Forest Lawn’s kitsch was just a sophisticated strategy for lubricating the checkbooks of the grieved.\"
/m/05jyb2	Backstairs at the White House is a 1979 NBC television miniseries based on the book My Thirty Years Backstairs at the White House by Lillian Rogers Parks. The series, produced by Ed Friendly Productions, is the story of behind-the-scenes workings of the White House and the relationship between the staff and the First Families.\nThis mini-series was nominated for 11 Emmy Awards including: Outstanding Limited Series, Best Actress, Best Actor, Best Supporting Actress, Best Supporting Actor, Outstanding Teleplay, Outstanding Teleplay, Outstanding Art Direction/Set Decoration, and two other technical awards.\nThe series was notable for its all-star cast: Leslie Uggams starred as Lillian Rogers Parks and Olivia Cole played her mother Maggie Rogers. Other White House staffers were played by Louis Gossett, Jr., Robert Hooks, Cloris Leachman, Leslie Nielsen, and Hari Rhodes. The first episode featured Paul Winfield as Emmett Rogers Sr.
/m/0277990	John Lutz is an American actor, writer, and comedian best known for playing J. D. Lutz on the NBC sitcom 30 Rock; he also was a writer for the NBC late-night variety series Saturday Night Live for seven seasons.\nStarting in 2014, Lutz will join the writing staff of the NBC late-night talk show Late Night with Seth Meyers.
/m/039b5	A galaxy is a massive, gravitationally bound system consisting of stars, stellar remnants, an interstellar medium of gas and dust, and dark matter, an important but poorly understood component. The word galaxy is derived from the Greek galaxias, literally \"milky\", a reference to the Milky Way. Examples of galaxies range from dwarfs with as few as ten million stars to giants with one hundred trillion stars, each orbiting their galaxy's own center of mass.\nGalaxies contain varying numbers of planets, star systems, star clusters and types of interstellar clouds. In between these objects is a sparse interstellar medium of gas, dust, and cosmic rays. Supermassive black holes reside at the center of most galaxies. They are thought to be the primary driver of active galactic nuclei found at the core of some galaxies. The Milky Way galaxy is known to harbor at least one such object.\nGalaxies have been historically categorized according to their apparent shape, usually referred to as their visual morphology. A common form is the elliptical galaxy, which has an ellipse-shaped light profile. Spiral galaxies are disk-shaped with dusty, curving arms. Those with irregular or unusual shapes are known as irregular galaxies and typically originate from disruption by the gravitational pull of neighboring galaxies. Such interactions between nearby galaxies, which may ultimately result in a merger, sometimes induce significantly increased incidents of star formation leading to starburst galaxies. Smaller galaxies lacking a coherent structure are referred to as irregular galaxies.
/m/0mp6	In algebra, which is a broad division of mathematics, abstract algebra is a common name for the sub-area that studies algebraic structures in their own right. Such structures include groups, rings, fields, modules, vector spaces, and algebras. The specific term abstract algebra was coined at the beginning of the 20th century to distinguish this area from the other parts of algebra. The term modern algebra has also been used to denote abstract algebra.\nTwo mathematical subject areas that study the properties of algebraic structures viewed as a whole are universal algebra and category theory. Algebraic structures, together with the associated homomorphisms, form categories. Category theory is a powerful formalism for studying and comparing different algebraic structures.
/m/0l339	Siskiyou County SISS-kew is a county located in the far northernmost part of the U.S. state of California, in the Shasta Cascade region on the Oregon border. Yreka is the county seat. Because of its outdoor recreation opportunities and Gold Rush era history, it is an important tourist destination within the state. The population was 44,900 at the 2010 census.
/m/01vvpjj	Enya is an Irish singer, instrumentalist, and songwriter who is one of Moya Brennan's younger sisters.\nEnya began her musical career in 1980, when she briefly joined her family band Clannad before leaving to perform solo. She gained wider recognition for her music in the 1987 BBC series The Celts. Shortly afterwards, her 1988 album Watermark propelled her to further international fame and she became known for her distinctive sound, characterised by voice-layering, folk melodies, synthesised backdrops and ethereal reverberations. She has performed in 10 languages.\nEnya continued to enjoy steady success during the 1990s and 2000s; her 2000 album A Day Without Rain sold 15 million copies, and became the top selling new age album of the 2000s in the US, according to Nielsen SoundScan. She received the world's best-selling female award at the World Music Awards in 2001. She is Ireland's best-selling solo musician. Her record sales stand at more than 75 million worldwide, including over 26.5 million in album sales in the US, making her one of the world's best-selling artists of all time. Her work has earned her four Grammy Awards and an Academy Award nomination.
/m/0qb1z	Karlsruhe is the second-largest city in the state of Baden-Württemberg, in southwest Germany, near the Franco-German border. It has a population of 296,033. Karlsruhe Palace was built in 1715 and the town is now the seat of two of the highest courts in Germany, the Federal Constitutional Court and the Federal Court of Justice.\nIt has been speculated that Karlsruhe was a model for Washington, D.C. as both cities have a centre from which the streets radiate outward.
/m/03nb5v	Breckin Erin Meyer is an American actor, comedian, writer, producer, and drummer.
/m/09b93	Ravenna is the capital city of the Province of Ravenna in the Emilia-Romagna region of Italy. It was the capital city of the Western Roman Empire from 402 until that empire collapsed in 476. It then served as the capital of the Kingdom of the Ostrogoths until it was conquered in 540 by the Byzantine Empire. Afterwards, the city formed the centre of the Byzantine Exarchate of Ravenna until the invasion of the Franks in 751, after which it became the seat of the Kingdom of the Lombards.\nAlthough an inland city, Ravenna is connected to the Adriatic Sea by the Candiano Canal. It is the location of 8 UNESCO World Heritage Sites.
/m/0ltv	Auto racing is a sport involving the racing of automobiles for competition. There are numerous different categories of auto racing.
/m/018mmj	Forest Lawn Memorial Park is a privately owned cemetery in Glendale, California. It is the original location of Forest Lawn, a chain of cemeteries in Southern California.
/m/013crh	Sioux City is a city in Woodbury and Plymouth counties in the western part of the U.S. state of Iowa. The population was 82,684 in the 2010 census, which makes it the fourth largest city in Iowa. The bulk of the city is in Woodbury County, of which it is the county seat, though a small portion is in Plymouth County.\nSioux City is the primary city of the five-county Sioux City, IA–NE–SD Metropolitan Statistical Area, with a population of 168,825 in 2010 and a slight increase to an estimated 168,921 in 2012. The Sioux City–Vermillion, IA–NE–SD Combined Statistical Area had a population of 182,675 as of 2010 and has grown to an estimated population of 183,052 as of 2012.\nSioux City is at the navigational head of the Missouri River, about 95 miles north of the Omaha–Council Bluffs metropolitan area. Sioux City and the surrounding areas of northwestern Iowa, northeastern Nebraska and southeastern South Dakota are sometimes referred to as Siouxland, especially by the local media.\nMoney recognized Sioux City in its August 2010 issue of \"Best Places To Live\".\nIn 2008 and 2009, the Sioux City Tri-State Metropolitan Area was recognized by Site Selection as the top economic development community in the United States for communities with populations between 50,000 and 200,000 people. In March 2013, Site Selection also recognized Sioux City as the 4th Top Metro area in the Midwest Region behind 1st place Kansas City, 2nd place Minneapolis–Saint Paul and 3rd place Omaha-Council Bluffs. Sioux City was also ranked 1st in regards to Metro Populations between 50,000 - 200,000.
/m/0h52w	The National Register of Historic Places is the United States federal government's official list of districts, sites, buildings, structures, and objects deemed worthy of preservation. A property listed in the National Register, or located within a National Register Historic District, may qualify for tax incentives derived from the total value of expenses incurred preserving the property.\nThe passage of the National Historic Preservation Act in 1966 established the National Register and the process for adding properties to it. Of the more than one million properties on the National Register, 80,000 are listed individually. The remainder are contributing resources within historic districts. Each year approximately 30,000 properties are added to the National Register as part of districts or by individual listings.\nFor most of its history the National Register has been administered by the National Park Service, an agency within the United States Department of the Interior. Its goals are to help property owners and interest groups, such as the National Trust for Historic Preservation, coordinate, identify, and protect historic sites in the United States. While National Register listings are mostly symbolic, their recognition of significance provides some financial incentive to owners of listed properties. Protection of the property is not guaranteed. During the nomination process, the property is evaluated in terms of the four criteria for inclusion on the National Register of Historic Places. The application of those criteria has been the subject of criticism by academics of history and preservation, as well as the public and politicians.
/m/02v3yy	Carole Bayer Sager is an American lyricist, songwriter, singer, and painter.
/m/05jg58	Post-grunge is a subgenre of alternative rock and hard rock that emerged in the mid-1990s as a derivative of grunge, using the sounds and aesthetic of grunge, but with a more commercially acceptable tone. This made post-grunge bands like Foo Fighters, Nickelback, Creed, and Matchbox Twenty among the most commercially successful rock acts of the late 1990s and early 2000s.
/m/05cgv	Nigeria, officially the Federal Republic of Nigeria, is a federal constitutional republic comprising 36 states and its Federal Capital Territory, Abuja. The country is located in West Africa and shares land borders with the Republic of Benin in the west, Chad and Cameroon in the east, and Niger in the north. Its coast in the south lies on the Gulf of Guinea on the Atlantic Ocean. There are over 500 ethnic groups in Nigeria, of which the three largest are the Hausa, Igbo and Yoruba.\nThe British colonised Nigeria in the late nineteenth and early twentieth century, setting up administrative structures and law while recognising traditional chiefs. Nigeria became independent in 1960. Several years later, it had civil war as Biafra tried to establish independence. Military governments in times of crisis have alternated with democratically elected governments.\nNigeria is roughly divided in half between Christians, who mostly live in the South and central parts of the country, and Muslims, concentrated mostly in the north. A minority of the population practice traditional and local religions, including the Igbo and Yoruba religions.\nNigeria, known as \"the Giant of Africa\", is the most populous country in Africa and the seventh most populous country in the world. Its oil reserves have brought great revenues to the country. Nigeria is considered to be an Emerging market nation by the World Bank. Nigeria's economy is the second largest in Africa, and the 37th largest in the world as of currently. Nigeria has been identified as a regional power, it also has regional hegemony, and major influence within its region. It is listed among the \"Next Eleven\" economies. Nigeria is expected to become the largest economy in Africa overtaking South Africa in the near future and become one of the world's Top 20 economies by 2050.
/m/0fngy	Kampala is the largest city and capital of Uganda. The city is divided into five boroughs that oversee local planning: Kampala Central Division, Kawempe Division, Makindye Division, Nakawa Division and Lubaga Division. The city is coterminous with Kampala District.
/m/056rgc	Campbell Whalen Scott is an American actor, director, producer, and voice artist.
/m/09k0f	Fidel Alejandro Castro Ruz is a Cuban communist revolutionary and politician who was Prime Minister of Cuba from 1959 to 1976, and President from 1976 to 2008. He also served as the Commander in Chief of the Cuban Revolutionary Armed Forces from 1959 to 2008, and as the First Secretary of the Communist Party of Cuba from 1961 until 2011. Politically a Marxist-Leninist, under his administration the Republic of Cuba became a one-party socialist state; industry and businesses were nationalized, and socialist reforms implemented in all areas of society. Internationally, Castro was the Secretary-General of the Non-Aligned Movement, from 1979 to 1983 and from 2006 to 2008.\nThe illegitimate son of a wealthy farmer, Castro adopted leftist anti-imperialist politics while studying law at the University of Havana. After participating in rebellions against right-wing governments in the Dominican Republic and Colombia, he planned the overthrow of the United States-backed military junta of Cuban president Fulgencio Batista, and served a year's imprisonment in 1953 after a failed attack on the Moncada Barracks. On release he traveled to Mexico, where he formed a revolutionary group with his brother Raúl and friend Che Guevara, the 26th of July Movement. Returning to Cuba, Castro led the Cuban Revolution which ousted Batista in 1959, and brought his own assumption of military and political power. Alarmed by his revolutionary credentials and friendly relations with the Soviet Union, the U.S. governments of Dwight D. Eisenhower and John F. Kennedy unsuccessfully attempted to remove him, by economic blockade, assassination and counter-revolution, including the Bay of Pigs invasion of 1961. Countering these threats, Castro formed an economic and military alliance with the Soviets, and allowed them to place nuclear weapons on the island, sparking the Cuban Missile Crisis in 1962.
/m/01ycck	Sir Alan William Parker, CBE is an English film director, producer and screenwriter. The early part of his career, beginning in his late teens, was spent as a copywriter and director of television commercials. After about 10 years doing commercials, many of which won awards for creativity, he began screenwriting and directing films.\nParker was notable early on for making films in a wide range of genres, often intentionally doing a film very different from his previous one in order to remain \"creatively fresher.\" Actor Colm Meaney says that \"it's the variety of his work that sort of staggers me.\" Among the different genres Parker has directed have been musicals, including Bugsy Malone, Fame, Pink Floyd – The Wall, The Commitments, and Evita; true-story dramas, including Midnight Express, Mississippi Burning, Come See the Paradise, and Angela's Ashes; and melodramas, including Shoot the Moon, Angel Heart, and The Life of David Gale.\n\"It is important for movies to have a message, without which there is little point in making a film,\" Parker states. British film critic Geoff Andrew states that Parker \"is a natural storyteller adept at getting messages across by forthright methods: dramatic lighting, vivid characterisation, scenes of violent conflict regularly interrupting sequences of expository dialogue, and an abiding sympathy for the underdog.\"
/m/06yxd	South Carolina is a state in the Southeastern United States. It is bordered to the north by North Carolina; to the south and west by Georgia, located across the Savannah River; and to the east by the Atlantic Ocean. Originally part of the Province of Carolina, the Province of South Carolina was the first of the 13 colonies that declared independence from the British Crown during the American Revolution.\nSouth Carolina was the first state to ratify the Articles of Confederation, and the 8th state to ratify the US Constitution on May 23, 1788. South Carolina later became the first state to vote to secede from the Union which it did on December 20, 1860. It was readmitted to the United States on June 25, 1868.\nSouth Carolina is the 40th most extensive and the 24th most populous of the 50 United States. South Carolina comprises 46 counties. The capital and largest city of the state is Columbia, while the largest MSA is Greenville.
/m/03s2dj	Callum Keith Rennie is an English-born Canadian television and film actor. He started his career in Canadian film and television projects, where his portrayal of Stanley Raymond Kowalski in the TV series Due South was his first international success. After years acting in over ninety Canadian and international projects he became widely known for his portrayal of the Cylon Leoben Conoy in Battlestar Galactica, and following that, his role as record producer Lew Ashby in the Showtime TV series Californication.\nRegularly cast as a bad guy in movies, Rennie's regular participation in Canadian productions gives him an opportunity to show a broader range of his acting abilities, which have been recognized by several awards.
/m/0fk98	Thiruvananthapuram, also known as Trivandrum, is the capital of the Indian state of Kerala and the headquarters of the Thiruvananthapuram District. It is located on the west coast of India near the extreme south of the mainland. Referred to by Mahatma Gandhi as \"Evergreen city of India\", the city is characterized by its undulating terrain of low coastal hills and busy commercial alleys. The city has a population of 752,490 inhabitants and a population of around 1.68 million in the urban agglomeration and is the most populous city corporation and the fifth largest urban agglomeration in Kerala . Thiruvananthapuram contributes 80% of the state's software exports and is the major IT hub of the state.\nThe city is home to central and state government offices and organizations. Apart from being the political nerve centre of Kerala, it is also a major academic hub and is home to several educational institutions including the University of Kerala, and to many science and technology institutions, the most prominent being the Indian Space Research Organisation, Vikram Sarabhai Space Centre, College of Engineering Trivandrum, Sree Chitra Thirunal College of Engineering, Technopark, the Indian Institute of Space Science and Technology, the Indian Institute of Information Technology and Management, Kerala, Indian Institute of Science, Education and Research, the Centre for Development Studies, the Centre for Development of Imaging Technology, the Regional Research Laboratory, the Centre for Earth Science Studies, Rajiv Gandhi Centre for Biotechnology and the Sree Chitira Thirunal Institute for Medical Science and Technology. It is also considered as one of the 10 greenest cities in India. Thiruvananthapuram was ranked as the best city in Kerala to live in by a recent Times of India survey. The city is also ranked as the best city in India for Housing and Transport by a survey conducted by India Today.
/m/0n1v8	Stark County is a county located in the U.S. state of Ohio. According to the 2010 census, it has a population of 375,586, which is a decrease of 0.7% from 378,098 in 2000. It is included in the Canton-Massillon, Ohio Metropolitan Statistical Area.\nIt is named for John Stark, an officer in the American Revolutionary War. Its county seat is Canton.
/m/01q58t	Townsville is a city on the north-eastern coast of Queensland, Australia. Adjacent to the central section of the Great Barrier Reef, it is in the dry tropics region of Queensland. Townsville is Australia's largest urban centre north of the Sunshine Coast, with a 2012 population of 196,219, Considered the unofficial capital of North Queensland, Townsville hosts a significant number of governmental, community and major business administrative offices for the northern half of the state.\nPopular attractions include \"The Strand\", a long tropical beach and garden strip; Riverway, a riverfront parkland attraction located on the banks of Ross River; Reef HQ, a large tropical aquarium holding many of the Great Barrier Reef's native flora and fauna; the Museum of Tropical Queensland, built around a display of relics from the sunken British warship HMS Pandora; The Townsville Sports Reserve\"; and Magnetic Island, a large neighbouring island, the vast majority of which is national park.
/m/058x5	Mormonism is the predominant religious tradition of the Latter Day Saint movement of Restorationist Christianity. This movement was founded by Joseph Smith, Jr., in the 1820s. During the 1830s and 1840s, Mormonism gradually distinguished itself from traditional Protestantism. Mormonism today represents the new, non-Protestant faith taught by Smith in the 1840s. After Smith's death, most Mormons followed Brigham Young west, calling themselves The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Other variations of Mormonism include Mormon fundamentalism, which seeks to maintain practices and doctrines such as polygamy that were abandoned by the LDS Church, and various other small independent denominations.\nThe word Mormon is derived from the Book of Mormon, one of the faith's religious texts. Based on the name of that book, early followers of founder Joseph Smith, Jr. were called Mormons, and their faith was called Mormonism. The term was initially considered pejorative, but is no longer considered so by Mormons.\nMormonism shares a common set of beliefs with the rest of the Latter Day Saint movement, including use of, and belief in, the Bible, as well as other religious texts including the Book of Mormon and Doctrine and Covenants. It also accepts the Pearl of Great Price as part of its scriptural canon, and has a history of teaching eternal marriage, eternal progression, and plural marriage, although the LDS Church formally abandoned the practice in 1891. Cultural Mormonism includes a lifestyle promoted by the Mormon institutions, and includes cultural Mormons who identify with the culture, but not necessarily the theology.
/m/02_kd	Four Weddings and a Funeral is a 1994 British romantic comedy film directed by Mike Newell. It was the first of several films by screenwriter Richard Curtis to feature Hugh Grant. The film was an unexpected success, becoming the highest-grossing British film in cinema history at the time, with worldwide box office in excess of $245.7 million, and receiving an Academy Award nomination for Best Picture.
/m/01fxfk	Peter Hess Stone was an American writer for theater, television and movies.
/m/012j8z	Walter Davis Pidgeon was an American actor of Canadian birth who starred in many films, including Mrs. Miniver, The Bad and the Beautiful, Forbidden Planet, Advise & Consent, Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea, Funny Girl and Harry in Your Pocket.
/m/030ykh	The Bridgeport Sound Tigers are a professional ice hockey team playing in the American Hockey League. It has been the AHL affiliate of the National Hockey League's New York Islanders, who also own the franchise, since its inception, and use the same team colors as the parent Islanders do. The team is based in Bridgeport, Connecticut and play their home games at the Webster Bank Arena. The \"Sound\" in the team name is a reference to the Long Island Sound to the south of Bridgeport.
/m/021y1s	Warwickshire is a landlocked non-metropolitan county in the West Midlands region of England. The county town is Warwick, although the largest town is Nuneaton. The county is famous for being the birthplace of William Shakespeare and George Eliot. Commonly used abbreviations for the county are Warks or Warwicks.\nThe county is divided into five districts of North Warwickshire, Nuneaton & Bedworth, Rugby, Warwick and Stratford-on-Avon. The current county boundaries were set in 1974 by the Local Government Act 1972. The historic county boundaries also included Coventry and Solihull, as well as much of Birmingham. The county is bordered by Gloucestershire to the south west, Worcestershire and the West Midlands to the west, Staffordshire to the north west, Leicestershire to the north east, Northamptonshire to the east and Oxfordshire to the south and south east.\nFor Eurostat purposes it is a NUTS 3 region and is one of three counties that comprise the \"Herefordshire, Worcestershire and Warwickshire\" NUTS 2 region.
/m/012zng	Michael David \"Mike\" Watt is an American bassist, singer and songwriter.\nHe is best known for co-founding the rock bands Minutemen, Dos, and Firehose; as of 2003, he is also the bassist for the reunited Stooges and a member of the art rock/jazz/punk/improv group Banyan as well as many other post-Minutemen projects.\nCMJ New Music called Watt a \"seminal post-punk bass player.\" In November 2008, Watt received the Bass Player Magazine lifetime achievement award, presented by Flea.
/m/09r_wb	Shriya Saran, also known by the mononym Shriya, is an Indian film actress and model. She has acted in Telugu, Tamil, Malayalam and Hindi language films, as well as a few films in English and Kannada.\nSaran was born in Dehradun to Pushpendra Saran, a Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited employ and Neeraja Saran a chemistry teacher. As such, Saran completed her secondary studies where her mother worked. She spent most of her childhood in Haridwar. As a teenager, she showed great promise in dance in which she has great passion and perused professional in this art. In 2001, her dance master gave her the opportunity to appear in Renoo Nathan's debut music video \"Thirakti Kyun Hawa\", which brought Saran to become known by many Indian filmmakers.\nAlthough Saran aspired to become a well known dancer and believed she could enter the field of cinema as such, she was rather offered a leading role. Thus, Saran made her film debut in 2001 with the Telugu film Ishtam, and had her first commercial success with Santhosham. She subsequently appeared in several more Telugu films, while making in-roads in the Hindi and Tamil film industries. In 2007, Saran starred in Sivaji, the highest-grossing Tamil film at that time. She also gained critical acclaim for her role in the 2007 Bollywood film Awarapan. In 2008, Saran played the lead role in her first English film, the American-Indian co-production The Other End of the Line. Her following projects included popular films such as Kanthaswamy in Tamil, and Pokkiri Raja in Malayalam, her roles in which have established her as one of the leading actresses in the South Indian film industries. In 2012, she was cast in the British-Canadian film Midnight's Children under the direction of Deepa Mehta, based on Salman Rushdie's Booker Prize winning novel of the same name, for which she got international critical acclaim. She achieved further commercial success by starring in films such as Pavitra and Chandra.
/m/02x73k6	The National Society of Film Critics Award for Best Supporting Actor is an annual film award given by the National Society of Film Critics.\nThe awards was given for the first time in 1968.
/m/082brv	Mike Mogis is a Nebraskan producer/engineer and multi-instrumentalist who, along with his brother A.J. Mogis, founded Presto! Recording Studios.\nMike has engineered, produced, and performed in many of the releases on the Saddle Creek label, including records by Bright Eyes, The Faint, Rilo Kiley, Cursive, The Good Life, Lullaby for the Working Class, Jenny Lewis, Tilly and the Wall and Elizabeth & The Catapult. He is also producing an album for Rachael Yamagata.\nHe has become a permanent member of Bright Eyes and was also a member of both Lullaby for the Working Class and We'd Rather Be Flying, generally playing guitar, although he also plays mandolin, banjo, pedal steel, glockenspiel, and hammered dulcimer among other instruments. He recently worked with Lightspeed Champion, aka Devonte Hynes, former member of Test Icicles, on his debut album Falling Off the Lavender Bridge. He is currently a member of the supergroup Monsters of Folk.\nHe has two young daughters, Stella and Riley. Stella appears on the Bright Eyes album Digital Ash in a Digital Urn, with his wife Jessica.
/m/01q6bg	Rodney Sturt \"Rod\" Taylor is an Australian actor of film and television. He has appeared in over 50 films, and is well known for his leading roles in the science fiction classic The Time Machine, and in the Alfred Hitchcock horror story The Birds.
/m/0p4wb	Deutsche Lufthansa AG, commonly simply known as Lufthansa, is the flag carrier of Germany and also the largest airline in Europe, both in terms of overall passengers carried and fleet size. It operates services to 18 domestic destinations and 197 international destinations in 78 countries across Africa, Americas, Asia and Europe, using a fleet of more than 280 aircraft.\nBesides the actual airline named Lufthansa, Deutsche Lufthansa AG is also the parent company for several other airlines and further aviation-related branches, among the most well-known are Swiss International Air Lines and Lufthansa Technik. With over 620 aircraft, it has one of the largest passenger airline fleets in the world when combined with its subsidiaries. In 2012, the entire Lufthansa Group carried over 103 million passengers.\nLufthansa's registered office and corporate headquarters are in Cologne. The main operations base, called Lufthansa Aviation Center, is located at Lufthansa's primary traffic hub at Frankfurt Airport. The majority of Lufthansa's pilots, ground staff, and flight attendants are based there. Lufthansa's secondary hub is Munich Airport with a third, considerably smaller one maintained at Düsseldorf Airport.
/m/03rt9	Ireland, also commonly referred to as the Republic of Ireland, is a sovereign state in Europe occupying about five-sixths of the island of Ireland. The capital and largest city is Dublin, located in the eastern part of the island, whose metropolitan area is home to around a quarter of the country's 4.6 million inhabitants. The state shares its only land border with Northern Ireland, one of the constituent countries of the United Kingdom. It is otherwise surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean, with the Celtic Sea to the south, Saint George's Channel to the south east, and the Irish Sea to the east. It is a unitary, parliamentary republic with an elected president serving as head of state. The head of government, the Taoiseach, is nominated by the lower house of parliament, Dáil Éireann.\nFollowing the Irish War of Independence, which resulted in the Anglo-Irish Treaty, the modern Ireland gained effective independence from the United Kingdom as the Irish Free State in 1922. Northern Ireland exercised an option to remain in the United Kingdom. Initially a dominion within the British Empire, the Free State received official British recognition of full legislative independence in the Statute of Westminster of 1931. A new constitution was adopted in 1937, by which the name of the state became Ireland. In 1949 the remaining duties of the king—defined by the Executive Authority Act 1936—were removed and Ireland was declared a republic under the Republic of Ireland Act 1948. The state had no formal relations with Northern Ireland for most of the twentieth century, but since 1999 the two have co-operated on a number of policy areas under the North-South Ministerial Council created under the Good Friday Agreement.
/m/026m0	James Dalton Trumbo was an American screenwriter and novelist. As one of the Hollywood Ten, he refused to testify before the House Un-American Activities Committee in 1947 during the committee's investigation of Communist influences in the motion picture industry. Trumbo won two Academy Awards while blacklisted; one was originally given to a front writer, and one was awarded to \"Robert Rich\", Trumbo's pseudonym.\nBlacklisting effectively ended in 1960 when it lost credibility. Trumbo was publicly given credit for two blockbuster films: Otto Preminger made public that Trumbo wrote the screenplay for the smash hit, Exodus, and Kirk Douglas publicly announced that Trumbo was the screenwriter of Spartacus. Further, President John F. Kennedy crossed picket lines to see the movie.\nOn December 19, 2011, The Writers Guild of America announced that Trumbo was given full credit for his work on the screenplay of the 1953 romantic comedy Roman Holiday, sixty years after the fact.
/m/085j0	Windows XP is an operating system produced by Microsoft for use on personal computers, including home and business desktops, laptops and media centers. First released to computer manufacturers on August 24, 2001, it is the second most popular version of Windows, based on installed user base as of 2013. The name \"XP\" is short for \"eXPerience\", highlighting the enhanced user experience.\nWindows XP, the successor to Windows 2000 and Windows ME, was the first consumer-oriented operating system produced by Microsoft to be built on the Windows NT kernel. Windows XP was released worldwide for retail sale on October 25, 2001, and over 400 million copies were in use in January 2006. It was succeeded by Windows Vista in January 2007. Direct OEM and retail sales of Windows XP ceased on June 30, 2008. Microsoft continued to sell Windows XP through their System Builders program until January 31, 2009. On April 10, 2012, Microsoft reaffirmed that extended support for Windows XP and Office 2003 would end on April 8, 2014 and suggested that administrators begin preparing to migrate to a newer OS. But on January 17, 2014 Microsoft confirmed that Monthly Microsoft's Malicious Software Removal Tool which aligned with Microsoft's anti-malware engines and signature will remain available until July 14, 2015. XP users can download the software from its website manually.
/m/0_wm_	Murfreesboro is a city in and the county seat of Rutherford County, Tennessee. The population was 108,755 according to the 2010 census, up from 68,816 residents certified during the 2000 census. The city is the center of population of Tennessee and is part of the Nashville metropolitan area, which includes thirteen counties and a population of 1,617,142. It is Tennessee's fastest growing major city and one of the fastest growing cities in the country. Murfreesboro is also home to Middle Tennessee State University, the largest undergraduate university in the state of Tennessee, with an undergraduate population of 22,299 and 25,188 total students as of 2009.\nIn 2006, Murfreesboro was ranked by Money as the 84th best place to live in the United States, out of 745 cities with a population over 50,000.
/m/02xwq9	Robert Guillaume is an American stage and television actor, known for his role as Benson on the TV-series Soap and the spin-off Benson, voicing the mandrill Rafiki in The Lion King and as Isaac Jaffe on Sports Night. In a career that has spanned more than 50 years he has worked extensively on stage, television, and film.
/m/03d1713	The second season of the television series The Wire commenced airing in the United States on June 1, 2003, concluded on August 24, 2003, and contained 12 episodes. It introduces the stevedores of the Baltimore port and an international smuggling organization led by a figure known only as \"The Greek\", while continuing to examine the drug-dealing Barksdale Organization and the Baltimore Police Department.\nThe second season aired Sundays at 9:00 pm in the United States. The season was released on DVD as a five disc boxed set under the title of The Wire: The Complete Second Season on January 5, 2005 by HBO Video.
/m/0mwm6	Lackawanna County is a county in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2010 census, the population was 214,437. Its county seat is Scranton. It lies northwest of the Poconos.\nLackawanna County was created on August 13, 1878, from part of Luzerne County and is Pennsylvania's most recently established county. It is named for the Lackawanna River.
/m/0dbpwb	The Jujamcyn Theaters, formerly the Jujamcyn Amusement Corporation, is a theatrical producing and theatre-ownership company in New York City. For many years Jujamcyn was owned by James H. Binger, former Chairman of Honeywell, and his wife Virginia McKnight Binger. The organization is now owned by its President, Jordan Roth, and President Emeritus, Rocco Landesman.\nThe third-largest theatre owner on Broadway, behind the Shubert Organization and the Nederlander Organization, Jujamcyn owns five of the 40 Broadway district playhouses, but has created a much-envied business model that has, at times, accounted for as much as one-third of the gross revenues on Broadway. This business model has involved the combination of real estate – Broadway theatre ownership – and producing –active development of new shows and scripts. Jujamcyn has had some notable successes with this model, which has prompted other theatre operators to emulate this approach, to varying degrees.
/m/045g4l	Jerome Lester \"Jerry\" Horwitz, better known by his stage name Curly Howard, was an American comedian and vaudevillian actor. He was best known as the most outrageous member of the American slapstick comedy team The Three Stooges, which also featured his older brothers Moe Howard and Shemp Howard and actor Larry Fine. Curly was generally considered the most popular and recognizable of the Stooges. He was well known for his high-pitched voice and vocal expressions as well as his physical comedy, improvisations, and athleticism.\nAn untrained actor, Curly borrowed the \"woob woob\" from \"nervous\" and soft-spoken comedian Hugh Herbert. Curly's unique version of \"woob-woob-woob\" was firmly established by the time of the Stooges' second film, Punch Drunks, in 1934.
/m/016clz	Alternative rock is a genre of rock music that emerged from the independent music underground of the 1980s and became widely popular by the 1990s. The 'alternative' definition refers to the genre's distinction from mainstream rock music, expressed primarily in a distorted guitar sound, transgressive lyrics and generally a nonchalant, defiant attitude. The term's original meaning was broader, referring to a generation of musicians unified by their collective debt to either the musical style, or simply the independent, D.I.Y. ethos of punk rock, which in the late 1970s laid the groundwork for alternative music. At times, \"alternative\" has been used as a catch-all description for music from underground rock artists that receives mainstream recognition, or for any music, whether rock or not, that is seen to be descended from punk rock.\nAlternative rock is a broad umbrella term consisting of music that differs greatly in terms of its sound, its social context, and its regional roots. By the end of the 1980s magazines and zines, college radio airplay, and word of mouth had increased the prominence and highlighted the diversity of alternative rock, helping to define a number of distinct styles such as gothic rock, jangle pop, noise pop, C86, Madchester, industrial rock, and shoegazing. Most of these subgenres had achieved minor mainstream notice and a few bands representing them, such as Hüsker Dü and R.E.M., had even signed to major labels. But most alternative bands' commercial success was limited in comparison to other genres of rock and pop music at the time, and most acts remained signed to independent labels and received relatively little attention from mainstream radio, television, or newspapers. With the breakthrough of Nirvana and the popularity of the grunge and Britpop movements in the 1990s, alternative rock entered the musical mainstream and many alternative bands became commercially successful.
/m/0b24sf	Coimbatore District is one of the districts of the state of Tamil Nadu in India. It is located in the western part of the state in the Kongu Nadu region. Coimbatore is known as the \"Manchester of South India\" and is one of the industrialized towns of Tamil Nadu. The region is bounded by Kerala state on the west and is surrounded by Tirupur District, Nilgiris District, Erode District. The headquarters of the district is Coimbatore city.
/m/0108xl	Tyler is a city in and the county seat of Smith County, Texas, in the United States. It takes its name from President John Tyler. The city had a population of 96,901 in 2010, according to the United States Census Bureau. Tyler's 2014 estimated population is 107,405. Tyler is the principal city of the Tyler Metropolitan Statistical Area, with a population of 209,714 in 2010, and the regional center of the Tyler-Jacksonville combined statistical area, with a population of 260,559 in 2010.\nTyler has the nickname \"Rose Capital of the World\". It gained this name due to the large quantity of rose bushes processed through the area, along with hosting America's largest rose garden.\nIn 1985, the international Adopt-a-Highway movement originated in Tyler when, after appeals by local Texas Department of Transportation officials, the local Civitan chapter adopted a two-mile stretch of U.S. Highway 69. Tyler is also home to the Caldwell Zoo and Broadway Square Mall.\nAs a regional educational and technology center, Tyler is the host for more than 20,000 higher education students, a College of Engineering, and a University Health Science Center, two regional, billion-dollar hospital systems, and a variety of technology startups.
/m/01k_n63	Toby Keith Covel, best known as Toby Keith, is an American country music singer-songwriter, record producer, and actor. Keith released his first four studio albums—1993's Toby Keith, 1994's Boomtown, 1996's Blue Moon and 1997's Dream Walkin', plus a Greatest Hits package for various divisions of Mercury Records before leaving Mercury in 1998. These albums all earned gold or higher certification, and produced several chart singles, including his debut \"Should've Been a Cowboy\", which topped the country charts and was the most played country song of the 1990s. The song has received three million spins since its release, according to Broadcast Music Incorporated.\nSigned to DreamWorks Records Nashville in 1998, Keith released his breakthrough single \"How Do You Like Me Now?!\" that year. This song, the title track to his 1999 album of the same name, was the Number One country song of 2000, and one of several chart-toppers during his tenure on DreamWorks Nashville. His next three albums, Pull My Chain, Unleashed, and Shock'n Y'all, produced three more Number Ones each, and all of the albums were certified multi-platinum. A second Greatest Hits package followed in 2004, and after that, he released Honkytonk University.
/m/08z129	AT&T Inc. is an American multinational telecommunications corporation, headquartered at Whitacre Tower in downtown Dallas, Texas. AT&T is the second largest provider of mobile telephony and the largest provider of fixed telephony in the United States, and also provides broadband subscription television services. AT&T is the third-largest company in Texas. As of May 2013, AT&T is the 21st largest company in the world by market value, and the 13th largest non-oil company. As of 2014, it is also the 20th largest mobile telecom operator in the world, with over 107.9 million mobile customers.\nThe current iteration of AT&T Inc. began its existence as Southwestern Bell Corporation, one of seven Regional Bell Operating Companies created in 1983 in the divestiture of parent company American Telephone and Telegraph Company due to the United States v. AT&T antitrust lawsuit. Southwestern Bell changed its name to SBC Communications Inc. in 1995. In 2005, SBC purchased former parent AT&T Corp. and took on its branding, with the merged entity naming itself AT&T Inc. and using the iconic AT&T Corp. logo and stock-trading symbol.
/m/03m49ly	Skip Lievsay is a New York-based supervising sound editor, re-recording mixer and sound designer for film and television, Lievsay has worked with filmmakers and directors including the Coen brothers, Martin Scorsese, Spike Lee, Jonathan Demme and Robert Altman.\nIn January 2007, he received two Academy Award nominations—for Best Sound Mixing and Best Sound Editing—for his work on Joel and Ethan Coen's No Country for Old Men. In 2011, he was nominated in the same categories for the film True Grit.\nIn 2014 he was nominated for two Academy Awards for Best Sound for Gravity and Inside Llewyn Davis.
/m/039yzf	The World Fantasy Awards are given each year by the World Fantasy Convention for the best fantasy fiction published in English during the previous calendar year. The awards have been described as one of the three most prestigious speculative fiction awards, along with the Hugo and Nebula Awards. The World Fantasy Award for Best Novella is given each year for fantasy novellas published in English. A work of fiction is defined by the organization as a novella if it is between 10,000 and 40,000 words in length; awards are also given out for longer pieces in the novel category and shorter lengths in the short story category. The World Fantasy Award for Best Novella has been awarded annually since 1982, though between 1975—when the World Fantasy Awards were instated—and 1982 the short fiction category covered works of up to 40,000 words.\nWorld Fantasy Award nominees and winners are decided by attendees and judges at the annual World Fantasy Convention. A ballot is posted in June for attendees of the current and previous two conferences to determine two of the finalists, and a panel of five judges adds three or more nominees before voting on the overall winner. The panel of judges is typically made up of fantasy authors and is chosen each year by the World Fantasy Awards Administration, which has the power to break ties. The final results are presented at the World Fantasy Convention at the end of October.
/m/01dbk6	Anna Maria Louisa Italiano, known professionally as Anne Bancroft, was an American actress associated with the method acting school, which she had studied under Lee Strasberg. Respected for her acting prowess and versatility, Bancroft was often acknowledged for her work in film, theatre and television. She won one Academy Award, three BAFTA Awards, two Golden Globes, two Tony Awards and two Emmy Awards, and several other awards and nominations.\nShe made her film debut in Don't Bother to Knock and, following a string of supporting film roles during the 1950s, won an Academy Award for Best Actress for her performance in The Miracle Worker, receiving subsequent nominations for her roles in The Pumpkin Eater, The Graduate, The Turning Point, and Agnes of God. Bancroft's other acclaimed movies as a lead actress include Young Winston, The Prisoner of Second Avenue, To Be or Not to Be, and 84 Charing Cross Road.\nLater in her career, she made the transition back to supporting roles in theatrical films such as Point of No Return, Home for the Holidays, Great Expectations, Antz, Keeping the Faith, and Heartbreakers. She also starred in seven television films, the last of which was The Roman Spring of Mrs. Stone for which she received Emmy and Screen Actors Guild Award nominations.
/m/01wg25j	Richard Wayne Penniman, known by his stage name Little Richard, is an American recording artist, songwriter, and musician. He has been an influential figure in popular music and culture for over six decades. Penniman's most celebrated work dates from the mid 1950s where his dynamic music and charismatic showmanship laid the foundation for rock and roll. His music also had a pivotal impact on the formation of other popular music genres, including soul and funk. Penniman influenced numerous singers and musicians across musical genres from rock to rap.\nPenniman has been honored by many institutions, including inductions into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and the Songwriters Hall of Fame. He is the recipient of Lifetime Achievement Awards from The Recording Academy and the Rhythm and Blues Foundation. Penniman's \"Tutti Frutti\" was included in the Library of Congress' National Recording Registry in 2010, claiming the \"unique vocalizing over the irresistible beat announced a new era in music.\"
/m/01vh096	Victor Marie Hugo was a French poet, novelist, and dramatist of the Romantic movement. He is considered one of the greatest and best known French writers. In France, Hugo's literary fame comes first from his poetry but also rests upon his novels and his dramatic achievements. Among many volumes of poetry, Les Contemplations and La Légende des siècles stand particularly high in critical esteem. Outside France, his best-known works are the novels Les Misérables, 1862, and Notre-Dame de Paris, 1831.\nThough a committed royalist when he was young, Hugo's views changed as the decades passed; he became a passionate supporter of republicanism, and his work touches upon most of the political and social issues and artistic trends of his time. He was buried in the Panthéon.
/m/03v1xb	David Brown was an American film and theatre producer; he was also a writer.
/m/06tpmy	16 Blocks is a 2006 American crime thriller film directed by Richard Donner. It stars Bruce Willis, Mos Def, and David Morse. The film unfolds in the real time narration method.
/m/0f8x_r	Western North Carolina is the region of North Carolina which includes the Appalachian Mountains, thus it is often known geographically as the state's Mountain Region. It contains the highest mountains in the Eastern United States. Western North Carolina is sometimes included with upstate South Carolina as the \"Western Carolinas\", which is also counted as a single media market. The region covers an area of about 11,000 square miles, and is roughly the size of the state of Massachusetts. The population of the region, as measured by the 2010 U.S. Census, is 1,399,954.\nThe term Land of the Sky is a common nickname for this mountainous region and has been more recently adopted to refer to the Asheville area. The term is derived from the title of the book, Land of the Sky, written by Mrs. Frances Tiernan, under the pseudonym Christian Reid. The book often mentions the Great Smoky Mountains and Blue Ridge Mountains, the two main ranges that are found in Western North Carolina. The Asheville area regional government body, the Land-of-Sky Regional Council, utilizes the nickname.
/m/06s27s	Hensley Filemon Acasio Meulens is a Dutch former professional baseball player and current hitting coach for the San Francisco Giants, from Curaçao. He played from 1989 to 2000 in Major League Baseball, Nippon Professional Baseball, and the Korea Baseball Organization. He was the first major leaguer to come from Curaçao. He was also the first from Curaçao to play at the Dominican Professional Baseball League, followed by Sharnol Adriana, Andruw Jones, Wladimir Balentien, Randall Simon and Jurickson Profar. When Meulens worked as the hitting coach in the Pittsburgh Pirates organization he often acted both as unofficial team translator for the Indians and as Japanese scout for the Pirates because he speaks five languages: English, Spanish, Dutch, Papiamento and Japanese.\nHitting home runs left-handed while playing softball as a teenager earned Meulens the nickname \"Bam Bam\" when his friends compared his power to the Flintstones cartoon character.\nOver the course of his career, Meulens would become the first to play for all four of the major Caribbean winter leagues.
/m/09j9h	An engineer is a professional practitioner of engineering, concerned with applying scientific knowledge, mathematics, and ingenuity to develop solutions for technical problems. Engineers design materials, structures, and systems while considering the limitations imposed by practicality, regulation, safety, and cost. The word engineer is derived from the Latin roots ingeniare and ingenium.\nThe work of engineers forms the link between scientific discoveries and their subsequent applications to human needs and quality of life. In short, engineers are versatile minds who create links between science, technology, and society.
/m/09bnf	Kannada or, or Kanarese, is a language spoken in India predominantly in the state of Karnataka. Kannada, whose native speakers are called Kannadigas and number roughly 40 million, is one of the 40 most spoken languages in the world. It is one of the scheduled languages of India and the official and administrative language of the state of Karnataka.\nThe Kannada language is written using the Kannada script, which evolved from the 5th-century Kadamba script. Kannada is attested epigraphically for about one and a half millennia, and literary Old Kannada flourished in the 6th-century Ganga dynasty and during the 9th-century Rashtrakuta Dynasty. Kannada has an unbroken literary history of over a thousand years.\nBased on the recommendations of the Committee of Linguistic Experts, appointed by the Ministry of Culture, the Government of India designated Kannada a classical language of India. In July 2011, a centre for the study of classical Kannada was established as part of the Central Institute of Indian Languages at Mysore to facilitate research related to the language.
/m/0r6rq	Redding is a city in Northern California, located off Interstate 5, with the Sacramento River coursing through it. It is the county seat of Shasta County, California, USA. With a 2010 Census population of 89,861, Redding is the largest city in the Shasta Cascade region and is the fourth largest city in the Sacramento Valley behind Sacramento, Elk Grove, and Roseville.
/m/03188	The Federated States of Micronesia is an independent sovereign island nation consisting of four states – from west to east, Yap, Chuuk, Pohnpei and Kosrae – that are spread across the Western Pacific Ocean. Together, the states comprise around 607 islands that cover a longitudinal distance of almost 2,700 km just north of the equator. They lie northeast of New Guinea, south of Guam and the Marianas, west of Nauru and the Marshall Islands, east of Palau and the Philippines, about 2,900 km north of eastern Australia and some 4,000 km southwest of the main islands of Hawaii.\nWhile the FSM's total land area is quite small, it occupies more than 2,600,000 km² of the Pacific Ocean. The capital is Palikir, located on Pohnpei Island, while the largest city is Weno, located in the Chuuk Atoll.\nEach of its four states is centered around one or more main high islands, and all but Kosrae include numerous outlying atolls. The Federated States of Micronesia is spread across part of the Caroline Islands in the wider region of Micronesia, which consists of thousands of small islands divided between several countries. The term Micronesia may refer to the Federated States or to the region as a whole.
/m/017zq0	Illinois State University, founded in 1857, is the oldest public university in Illinois, United States; it is located in the town of Normal. ISU is considered a \"national university\" that grants a variety of doctoral degrees and strongly emphasizes research. ISU is also recognized as one of the top ten largest producers of teachers in the US according to the American Association of Colleges of Teacher Education. The ISU athletic teams are members of the Missouri Valley Conference and the Missouri Valley Football Conference and are known as the \"Redbirds,\" in reference to the state bird, the cardinal.
/m/0dwz3t	Cardiff City Football Club is a professional football club based in Cardiff, Wales that competes in the English football league system. The club is competing in the Premier League for the first time in the 2013–14 season. They play their home games at the Cardiff City Stadium, after moving from Ninian Park in 2009.\nThe club was founded as Riverside A.F.C. in 1899 and is the only club from outside England to have won the FA Cup, which they won in 1927. The club won the Football League Championship title in the 2012–13 season and were promoted to the top flight for the first time in 51 years. This followed two lost national cup finals, the 2008 FA Cup Final against Portsmouth and the 2012 Football League Cup Final against Liverpool, the latter being settled by a penalty shootout.\nIn 2012, Cardiff City was rebranded by the club's Malaysian owner, Vincent Tan. This included the change of the club's home colours and crest.
/m/09rfh9	Saw III is a 2006 Canadian-American horror film directed by Darren Lynn Bousman from a screenplay by Leigh Whannell and story by James Wan and Whannell. Wan and Whannell directed and wrote Saw and Bousman wrote and directed Saw II. It is the third installment in the seven-part Saw franchise and stars Tobin Bell, Shawnee Smith, Angus Macfadyen, Bahar Soomekh, Dina Meyer, and Donnie Wahlberg. Bell, Smith, Meyer, Wahlberg and Lyriq Bent reprise their roles from the previous films. Franky G and Timothy Burd from Saw II make small cameos. Saw III marks the first appearances of Costas Mandylor and Betsy Russell, albeit minor roles; they would later become major characters in the series.\nThe story follows Jeff Denlon - After his son is killed in a car crash; he is put in a series of tests by Jigsaw in order to try and let go of his vengeance on the man that killed him. Meanwhile a bed-ridden John Kramer has ordered his apprentice Amanda Young to kidnap Jeff's wife, Lynn, in order to keep him alive for one final test before he dies of his illness.\nProduction began right after Saw II's successful opening weekend. Filming took place in Toronto from May to June 2006. Whannell aimed to make the story more emotional than previous installments, particularly with the Amanda and Jigsaw storyline. The film is dedicated to producer Gregg Hoffman who died on December 4, 2005.
/m/08wr3kg	Ellen Chenoweth is a prominent American casting director. For her second film, Barry Levinson's Diner, she cast many of the then relatively unknown actors such as Steve Guttenberg, Daniel Stern, Mickey Rourke, Kevin Bacon, Tim Daly, Paul Reiser, and Ellen Barkin. A year later, she helped cast the Academy Award-winning film Terms of Endearment.\nIn the late 1970s, Chenoweth was an office manager for the Actors Studio. She helped discover an unknown theater actor named Mickey Rourke for the 1980 television film City in Fear. In the 1980s, Chenoweth was the casting director for such films as The Natural, Down and Out in Beverly Hills, Ruthless People, and Broadcast News. She was also the casting director for films such as Good Night, and Good Luck, No Country for Old Men, Doubt, Michael Clayton, True Grit, and Men in Black 3.
/m/085jw	Woodwind instruments are a family of musical instruments within the more general category of wind instruments. There are two main types of woodwind instruments: flutes and reed instruments. What differentiates these instruments from other wind instruments is the way in which they produce their sound.
/m/04l57x	The Hershey Bears Hockey Club operates a professional ice hockey team playing in the American Hockey League. The club is the top affiliate of the NHL Washington Capitals and is based in the unincorporated town of Hershey, Pennsylvania located within Derry Township some 14 miles east of the state's capital of Harrisburg. Since the 2002–03 season the Bears' home games have been played at the Giant Center located just west of Hersheypark Arena, the club's previous home in both the EAHL and I-AHL/AHL. The Bears won their AHL record eleventh and most recent Calder Cup title over the Texas Stars in 2010.\nHershey is the longest continuously operating member club in the AHL having received its franchise on June 28, 1938, and played its 5,000th regular season league game on December 20, 2006. Founded as the Hershey B'ars in the Tri-State Hockey League in 1932, the hockey club is also the seventh-oldest continuously operating professional ice hockey organization in North America after the Original Six teams of the National Hockey League which each began operations in their current cities in either the National Hockey Association or NHL between 1909 and 1926. The Hershey Bears Hockey Club is owned and operated by the Hershey Entertainment and Resorts Company, formerly known as Hershey Estates, an entity wholly owned and administered by the Hershey Trust Company.
/m/04g4n	Leslie Claire Margaret Caron is a French film actress and dancer who appeared in 45 films between 1951 and 2003. In 2006, her performance in Law & Order: Special Victims Unit won her an Emmy for guest actress in a drama series. Her autobiography Thank Heaven, was published in 2010 in the UK and US, and in 2011 in a French version.\nCaron is best known for the musical films An American in Paris, Lili, Daddy Long Legs, Gigi, and for the non-musical films Fanny, The L-Shaped Room, and Father Goose. She received two Academy Award nominations for Best Actress. She speaks French, English, and Italian. She is one of the few dancers or actresses who have danced with Gene Kelly, Fred Astaire, Mikhail Baryshnikov, and Rudolf Nureyev.
/m/0gvvf4j	Piranha 3DD is a 2012 American 3D comedy horror film and sequel to the 2010 film Piranha 3D. It is directed by John Gulager from a screenplay by Marcus Dunstan and Patrick Melton. It stars Danielle Panabaker, Matt Bush, David Koechner, Chris Zylka, Katrina Bowden, Gary Busey, Christopher Lloyd, and David Hasselhoff. Production began on April 27, 2011 with a release scheduled for November 23, 2011, but a month prior to release this date was revised to an unspecified 2012 date. The film was eventually released in the UK on May 11, 2012 and in the U.S. on June 1, 2012.
/m/025v26c	The Florida State Seminoles football team represents Florida State University in the sport of American football. The Florida State Seminoles compete in the Division I Football Bowl Subdivision of the National Collegiate Athletic Association and the Atlantic Division of the Atlantic Coast Conference. The team is known for its storied history, distinctive helmet, fight song and colors as well as the many traditions associated with the school.\nFlorida State has won three national championships, including two BCS National Championships, along with seventeen conference titles and five division titles. The Seminoles have achieved three undefeated seasons and finished ranked in the top five of the AP Poll for 14 straight years from 1987 through 2000.\nThe team has produced three Heisman Trophy winners: quarterback Charlie Ward in 1993, quarterback Chris Weinke in 2000 and quarterback Jameis Winston in 2013. The Biletnikoff Award, presented annually to the top receiver in college football, is named for Florida State hall of famer, Fred Biletnikoff. Other awards presented to Florida State players include the Walter Camp Award, the Maxwell Award, the Davey O'Brien Award, the Lombardi Award, the Dick Butkus Award, the Johnny Unitas Golden Arm Award, the Lou Groza Award, the Dave Rimington Trophy and the Bobby Bowden Award. Florida State coaches have been honored with the Bobby Dodd Coach of the Year Award, the Walter Camp Coach of the Year Award, the Home Depot Coach of the Year Award, the Broyles Award, and the Paul \"Bear\" Bryant Award. Many former Seminoles have gone on to have successful careers in the NFL.
/m/045vhb	Breda is a municipality and a city in the southern part of the Netherlands. The name Breda derived from brede Aa and refers to the confluence of the rivers Mark and Aa. As a fortified city, the city was of strategic military and political significance. Although a direct Fiefdom of the Holy Roman Emperor, the city obtained a municipal charter; the acquisition of Breda, through marriage, by the house of Nassau ensured that Breda would be at the center of political and social life in the Low Countries.\nBreda's urban area is home to an estimated 316,000 people.
/m/07qcbw	Walon Green is an American documentary film director and screenwriter for both TV and films. He was recently the showrunner/executive producer of the ninth season of the USA Network television series, Law & Order: Criminal Intent.
/m/05qfh	Psychology is an academic and applied discipline that involves the scientific study of mental functions and behaviors. Psychology has the immediate goal of understanding individuals and groups by both establishing general principles and researching specific cases, and by many accounts it ultimately aims to benefit society. In this field, a professional practitioner or researcher is called a psychologist and can be classified as a social, behavioral, or cognitive scientist. Psychologists attempt to understand the role of mental functions in individual and social behavior, while also exploring the physiological and biological processes that underlie cognitive functions and behaviors.\nPsychologists explore concepts such as perception, cognition, attention, emotion, phenomenology, motivation, brain functioning, personality, behavior, and interpersonal relationships, including psychological resilience, family resilience, and other areas. Psychologists of diverse orientations also consider the unconscious mind. Psychologists employ empirical methods to infer causal and correlational relationships between psychosocial variables. In addition, or in opposition, to employing empirical and deductive methods, some—especially clinical and counseling psychologists—at times rely upon symbolic interpretation and other inductive techniques. Psychology has been described as a \"hub science\", with psychological findings linking to research and perspectives from the social sciences, natural sciences, medicine, and the humanities, such as philosophy.
/m/019r_1	Max Fleischer was an American animator, inventor, film director and producer.\nFleischer was a pioneer in the development of the animated cartoon and served as the head of Fleischer Studios. He brought such animated characters as Betty Boop, Koko the Clown, Popeye, and Superman to the movie screen and was responsible for a number of technological innovations.
/m/059z0	Nazi Germany and the Third Reich are common names for Germany during the period from 1933 to 1945, when its government was controlled by Adolf Hitler and his National Socialist German Workers' Party, commonly known as the Nazi Party. Under Hitler's rule, Germany was transformed into a fascist totalitarian state which controlled nearly all aspects of life. Nazi Germany ceased to exist after the Allied Forces defeated Germany in May 1945, thus ending World War II in Europe.\nAfter Hitler was appointed Chancellor of Germany by the President of the Weimar Republic Paul von Hindenburg on 30 January 1933, the Nazi Party began to eliminate all political opposition and consolidate their power. Hindenburg died on 2 August 1934, and Hitler became dictator of Germany when the powers and offices of the Chancellery and Presidency were merged. A national referendum held 19 August 1934 confirmed Hitler as sole Führer of Germany. All power was centralised in Hitler's hands, and his word was above all laws. The government was not a coordinated, co-operating body, but rather a collection of factions struggling to amass power and gain Hitler's favour. In the midst of the Great Depression, the Nazis restored economic stability and ended mass unemployment using heavy military spending and a mixed economy. Extensive public works were undertaken, including the construction of Autobahns. The return to economic stability boosted the regime's popularity.
/m/0h3xztt	The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel is a 2012 British comedy-drama film, directed by John Madden. The screenplay, written by Ol Parker, was based on the 2004 novel These Foolish Things, by Deborah Moggach, and features an ensemble cast consisting of Judi Dench, Celia Imrie, Bill Nighy, Ronald Pickup, Maggie Smith, Tom Wilkinson and Penelope Wilton, as a group of British pensioners moving to a retirement hotel in India, run by the young and eager Sonny, played by Dev Patel. The movie was produced by Participant Media and Blueprint Pictures on a budget of US$10 million.\nProducers Graham Broadbent and Peter Czernin first saw the potential for a film in Deborah Moggach's novel with the idea of exploiting the lives of the elderly beyond what one would expect of their age group. With the assistance of screenwriter Ol Parker, they came up with a script in which they take the older characters completely out of their element and involve them in romantic comedy. Principal photography began on 10 October 2010 in India, with most of the filming took place in the Indian state of Rajasthan, including the cities of Jaipur and Udaipur. Ravla Khempur, an equestrian hotel in the village of Khempur which was originally the palace of a tribal chieftain, was chosen as the site for the Best Exotic Marigold Hotel.
/m/05zl0	Princeton University is a private Ivy League research university in Princeton, New Jersey, United States.\nFounded in 1746 in Elizabeth as the College of New Jersey, Princeton is one of the nine Colonial Colleges established before the American Revolution as well as the fourth chartered institution of higher education in the American colonies The institution moved to Newark in 1747, then to the current site nine years later where it was renamed as a University in 1896. The present-day College of New Jersey in nearby Ewing Township, New Jersey, is an unrelated institution. Princeton had close ties to the Presbyterian Church, but has never been affiliated with any denomination and today imposes no religious requirements on its students.\nNow, the University provides undergraduate and graduate instruction in the humanities, social sciences, natural sciences, and engineering. It does not have schools of medicine, law, divinity, nor business, but it does offer professional degrees through the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs, the School of Engineering and Applied Science, and the School of Architecture. The institute has ties with the Institute for Advanced Study, Princeton Theological Seminary, and the Westminster Choir College of Rider University. Princeton has been associated with 35 Nobel laureates, 17 National Medal of Science winners, 2 Abel Prize winners, 5 Fields Medalists, and 3 National Humanities Medal recipients.
/m/01w_d6	Ballspielverein Borussia 09 e.V. Dortmund, commonly known as Borussia Dortmund, Dortmund, or BVB, is a German sports club based in Dortmund, North Rhine-Westphalia. The football team is part of a large membership-based sports club with 88,000 members, making BVB the third largest sports club by membership in Germany. Dortmund plays in the Bundesliga, the top tier of the German football league system. Dortmund is one of the most successful clubs in German football history.\nBorussia Dortmund was founded in 1909 by seventeen football players from Dortmund. Borussia Dortmund have won eight German football championships, three DFB-Pokals, four DFL-Supercups, one UEFA Champions League, one UEFA Cup Winners' Cup, and one Intercontinental Cup. Their Cup Winners' Cup win in 1966 made them the first German club to win a European title.\nSince 1974, Dortmund have played their home games at Westfalenstadion. The stadium is the biggest stadium in Germany. Dortmund has the highest average attendance of any football club in the world. Borussia Dortmund's colours are black and yellow, giving the club its nickname die Schwarzgelben. Dortmund holds a long-standing rivalry with Ruhr neighbours Schalke, known as the Revierderby. Dortmund also has a rivalry with Bayern Munich. In terms of Deloitte's annual Football Money League, Dortmund is the second biggest sports club in Germany and the eleventh biggest football team in the world. Borussia Dortmund's motto is \"Echte Liebe\".
/m/0dwr4	The xylophone is a musical instrument in the percussion family that consists of wooden bars struck by mallets. Each bar is an idiophone tuned to a pitch of a musical scale, whether pentatonic or heptatonic in the case of many African and Asian instruments, diatonic in many western children's instruments, or chromatic for orchestral use.\nThe term xylophone may be used generally, to include all such instruments, such as the marimba, balafon and even the semantron. In the orchestra, the term xylophone refers specifically to a chromatic instrument of somewhat higher pitch range than the marimba.\nThe term is also popularly used to refer to similar instruments of the lithophone and metallophone types. For example, the Pixiphone and many similar toys described by the makers as xylophones have bars of metal rather than of wood, and so are in organology regarded as a glockenspiels rather than as xylophones. This misnomer was also popularised by the Sooty show, in which the metal-barred instrument he plays is always described as a xylophone.
/m/09hljw	A tribal chief is the leader of a tribal society or chiefdom. Tribal societies with social stratification under a single leader emerged in the Neolithic period out of earlier tribal structures with little stratification, and they remained prevalent throughout the Iron Age.\nIn the case of indigenous tribal societies existing within larger colonial and post-colonial states, tribal chiefs may represent their tribe or ethnicity in a form of self-government.\nThe most common types are the chairman of a council and/or a broader popular assembly in \"parliamentary\" cultures, the war chief, the hereditary chief and the politically dominant medicineman.\nThe term is usually distinct from chiefs at still lower levels, such as village headman or clan chief, as the notion \"tribal\" rather requires an ethno-cultural identity as well as some political expression. In certain situations, and especially in a colonial context, the most powerful member of either a confederation or a federation of such tribal, clan or village chiefs would be referred to as a paramount chief. This term has largely fallen out of use, however, and such personages are now often called kings.
/m/0x2hn	The Progressive Conservative Party of Canada was a Canadian federal political party with a centre-right stance on economic issues and, after the 1970s, a centrist stance on social issues.\nThe party began as the Conservative Party in 1867, becoming Canada's first governing party under Sir John A. Macdonald, and for years was either the governing party or the largest opposition party. The party changed its name to the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada in late 1942. In 2003, the party membership voted to dissolve the party and join the new Conservative Party of Canada being formed with the members of the Canadian Alliance.\nOne member of the Senate of Canada who opposed the merger now sits as an \"Independent Progressive Conservative\". The conservative parties in most Canadian provinces still use the Progressive Conservative name. Some PC Party members formed the new Progressive Canadian Party, which has attracted only marginal support.
/m/019389	William Patrick \"Billy\" Corgan Jr. is an American musician, producer, lyricist, writer, and poet, best known as the frontman and sole permanent member of The Smashing Pumpkins. Formed by Corgan and guitarist James Iha in Chicago, Illinois, in 1987, the band quickly gained steam with the addition of bassist D'arcy Wretzky and drummer Jimmy Chamberlin. The band's direction has largely been driven by Corgan through his confessional lyrics, grandiose production values, and virtuosic musical interplay, notably with Chamberlin. In three years, The Smashing Pumpkins had transformed themselves into a major label success. Strong album sales and large-scale tours propelled the band's increasing fame in the 1990s, while Chamberlin's drug problems escalated until he had to be fired. The Pumpkins continued as a three-piece until Chamberlin rejoined the band in 1999, then broke up in 2000. Corgan started a new band with Chamberlin right away, called Zwan, and after their demise, he released a solo album and a collection of poetry before setting his sights on reforming the Smashing Pumpkins.\nThe new version of that band, consisting of Corgan, Chamberlin, and a revolving tour lineup, released an album in 2007 and followed it with extensive touring over the next year and a half. Chamberlin left the Smashing Pumpkins in March 2009, while Corgan has continued to record and tour with a new lineup.
/m/04_jsg	Thomas Matthew \"Tom\" DeLonge, Jr. is an American musician, author, and entrepreneur. He is the guitarist and one of the two lead vocalists for the American alternative band Blink-182 as well as the guitarist and lead vocalist for the alternative band Angels & Airwaves. He was also the guitarist and lead vocalist for the alternative band Box Car Racer. Raised in Poway, California, DeLonge developed an interest in punk rock during his teens. After being expelled from Poway High School for drinking at a basketball game, he attended Rancho Bernardo High School where he met Anne Hoppus. She introduced him to her brother, Mark Hoppus, who also shared an interest in music. DeLonge introduced his friend Scott Raynor to Hoppus.\nThe three formed Blink-182 which went on to become one of the most popular pop punk groups of the 1990s–2000s. Travis Barker replaced Raynor in later years due to his excessive drinking. The group underwent an indefinite hiatus in 2005, leading to the formation of Angels & Airwaves, and Hoppus and Barker's band +44, in the same year. Blink-182 reformed in 2009, and released a new album in September 2011. Angels & Airwaves has continued to record new albums and tour. DeLonge has also pursued non-musical endeavors; he created a social networking website called Modlife, as well as two clothing companies. In 2001, he started Atticus Clothing and Macbeth Footwear with Mark Hoppus. DeLonge sold his shares in Atticus Clothing, and is currently the sole owner of Macbeth Footwear.
/m/0lpjn	Dame Judith Olivia \"Judi\" Dench, CH DBE FRSA is an English film, stage and television actress, occasional singer and author. Dench made her professional debut in 1957 with the Old Vic Company. Over the following few years she played in several of Shakespeare's plays in such roles as Ophelia in Hamlet, Juliet in Romeo and Juliet and Lady Macbeth in Macbeth. She branched into film work, and won a BAFTA Award as Most Promising Newcomer; however, most of her work during this period was in theatre. Not generally known as a singer, she drew strong reviews for her leading role in the musical Cabaret in 1968.\nOver the next two decades, she established herself as one of the most significant British theatre performers, working for the National Theatre Company and the Royal Shakespeare Company. In television, she achieved success during this period, in the series A Fine Romance from 1981 until 1984 and in 1992 began a continuing role in the television romantic comedy series As Time Goes By. Her film appearances were infrequent until she was cast as M in GoldenEye, a role she continued to play in James Bond films through to Skyfall. She received several notable film awards for her role as Queen Victoria in Mrs. Brown, and has since been acclaimed for her work in such films as Shakespeare in Love, receiving the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress, Chocolat, Iris, Mrs Henderson Presents, Notes on a Scandal, and Philomena, and the television production The Last of the Blonde Bombshells.
/m/02b5_l	Teen films is a film genre targeted at teenagers and young adults in which the plot is based upon the special interests of teenagers, such as coming of age, first love, rebellion, conflict with parents, teen angst or alienation. Often these normally serious subject matters are presented in a glossy, stereotyped or trivialized way. Some teen films appeal to young males while others appeal to young females.\nFilms in this genre are often set in high schools, or contain characters that are of high school age. Sexual themes are also common, as are crude forms of humor.
/m/07gghl	Showtime is a 2002 action comedy film directed by Tom Dey and starring Robert De Niro and Eddie Murphy.
/m/03t22m	The soprano saxophone is a higher-register variety of the saxophone, a woodwind instrument, invented in the 1840s. The soprano is the third smallest member of the saxophone family, which consists of the soprillo, sopranino, soprano, alto, tenor, baritone, bass, contrabass, and sub-contrabass.
/m/04vcdj	Leonard Barrie Corbin, known as Barry Corbin, is an American actor with more than one hundred film, television and video game credits.
/m/014x77	Rachel Hannah Weisz is an English film and theatre actress and former fashion model.\nWeisz began her acting career at Trinity Hall, Cambridge in the early 1990s, then started working in television, appearing in Inspector Morse, the British mini-series Scarlet and Black, and the television film Advocates II. She made her film debut in the film Death Machine, but her breakthrough role came in the film Chain Reaction, leading to a high-profile role as Evelyn Carnahan-O'Connell in the films The Mummy and The Mummy Returns. Other notable films featuring Weisz are Enemy at the Gates, About a Boy, Constantine, The Fountain and The Constant Gardener, for which she received an Academy Award, a Golden Globe and a Screen Actors' Guild award for her supporting role as Tessa Quayle. In 2006, Weisz received the BAFTA Britannia Award for British Artist of the Year. She has recently played Evanora in Oz the Great and Powerful.\nWeisz also works in theatre. Her stage breakthrough was the 1994 revival of Noël Coward's play Design for Living, which earned her the London Critics Circle Award for the most promising newcomer. Weisz's performances also include the 1999 Donmar Warehouse production of Tennessee Williams' Suddenly, Last Summer, and their 2009 revival of A Streetcar Named Desire. Her portrayal of Blanche DuBois in the latter play earned her the Critics' Circle Theatre Award for Best Actress.
/m/018j2	The banjo is a four-, five- or six-stringed instrument with a thin membrane stretched over a frame or cavity as a resonator. The membrane is typically a piece of animal skin or plastic, and the frame is typically circular. Simpler forms of the instrument were fashioned by Africans in Colonial America, adapted from several African instruments of similar design.\nThe banjo is frequently associated with country, folk, Irish traditional and bluegrass music. Historically, the banjo occupied a central place in African American traditional music, before becoming popular in the minstrel shows of the 19th century. In fact, slaves both were influenced by and influenced the early development of the music, which became country and bluegrass, particularly in regards to the innovation of musical techniques for both the banjo and fiddle. The banjo, with the fiddle, is a mainstay of American old-time music.
/m/060v34	House of Wax is a 2005 Australian-American horror film directed by Jaume Collet-Serra and stars Elisha Cuthbert, Chad Michael Murray, Brian Van Holt, Paris Hilton, Jared Padalecki, Jon Abrahams, and Robert Ri'chard. It is sometimes called a remake of the 1953 film of the same name, which was itself a remake of the 1933 film Mystery of the Wax Museum, but the 2005 film's plot is completely different from the story told by the two earlier films. Released theatrically on May 6, 2005, the film received a general negative critical reception.
/m/02nzb8	A midfielder is an association football position. Midfielders are generally positioned on the field between their team's defense and forwards. Some midfielders play a more defensive role, while others blur the boundaries between midfielders and forwards. The number of midfielders on the team and their assigned roles depends on the team's formation; the collective group of these players on the field is sometimes referred to as the midfield.\nMost managers assign at least one midfielder to disrupt the opposing team's attacks, while others may be tasked with creating goals, or have equal responsibilities between attack and defence. Midfielders are the players who typically travel the greatest distance during a match.
/m/0k_s5	The Greater Los Angeles Area, or the Southland, is a term used for both the urbanized region and Combined Statistical Area sprawling over five counties in the southern part of California, namely Los Angeles, Orange, San Bernardino, Riverside, and Ventura counties. Throughout the 20th century, it was one of the fastest-growing regions in the United States, although growth has slowed since 2000. As of the 2010 U.S. Census, the Los Angeles metropolitan area had a population of about 12.8 million residents. Meanwhile, the larger metropolitan region's population at the 2010 census was estimated to be over 17.8 million residents, and a 2011 estimate reported a population of about 18.1 million. Either definition makes it the second largest metropolitan region in the country, behind the New York metropolitan area, as well as one of the largest urban agglomerations in the world.\nThe agglomeration of the urbanized Greater Los Angeles area surrounds the urban core of Los Angeles County. The regional term is defined to refer to the more-or-less continuously urbanized area stretching from Ventura County to the southern border of Orange County and from the Pacific Ocean to the Coachella Valley in the Inland Empire. The US Census Bureau defines the Greater Los Angeles area to include the entire Los Angeles county, Ventura County, Orange County and the two counties of the Inland Empire, making up the \"Los Angeles-Long Beach-Riverside, CA\" Combined Statistical Area. However this Census definition includes large, sparsely populated and primarily desert swaths of Los Angeles, San Bernardino and Riverside counties that are not part of the urbanized region. The term \"Greater Los Angeles\" does not include San Diego and Imperial counties, whose urbanized areas are not geographically continuous with the urbanized area surrounding Los Angeles.²²
/m/04t6fk	1941 is a 1979 period comedy film directed by Steven Spielberg, written by Robert Zemeckis and Bob Gale, and featuring an ensemble cast including Dan Aykroyd, Ned Beatty, John Belushi, John Candy, Christopher Lee, Toshiro Mifune and Robert Stack. The story involves a panic in the Los Angeles area after the December 1941 attack on Pearl Harbor.\nAlthough not as financially or critically successful as many of Spielberg's other films, it received belated popularity after an expanded version aired on ABC, and its subsequent home video reissues, raising it to cult status.\nCo-writer Gale stated the plot is loosely based on what has come to be known as the Great Los Angeles Air Raid of 1942 as well as the shelling of the Ellwood oil refinery, near Santa Barbara by a Japanese submarine. Many other events in the film were based on real incidents, including the Zoot Suit Riots and an incident in which the U.S. Army placed an anti-aircraft gun in a homeowner's yard on the Maine coast.
/m/0kv9d3	The Painted Veil is a 2006 American drama film directed by John Curran. The screenplay by Ron Nyswaner is based on the 1925 novel of the same title by W. Somerset Maugham. Edward Norton, Naomi Watts, Toby Jones, Anthony Wong Chau Sang and Liev Schreiber appear in the leading roles.\nThis is the third film adaptation of the Maugham book, following a 1934 film starring Herbert Marshall and Greta Garbo and a 1957 version called The Seventh Sin with Bill Travers and Eleanor Parker.
/m/0hv81	America, America is a 1963 American dramatic film directed, produced and written by Elia Kazan, from his own book.
/m/0cbgl	David Foster Wallace was an award-winning American novelist, short story writer, essayist, professor of English at Illinois State University, and professor of creative writing at Pomona College. Wallace is widely known for his 1996 novel Infinite Jest, which was cited as one of the 100 best English-language novels from 1923 to 2005 by Time magazine.\nLos Angeles Times book editor David Ulin called Wallace \"one of the most influential and innovative writers of the last 20 years\". With his suicide, he left behind an unfinished novel, The Pale King, which was subsequently published in 2011, and in 2012 was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for fiction, which was not awarded that year. A biography of Wallace by D. T. Max, Every Love Story Is a Ghost Story, was published in September 2012.
/m/0fngf	Harare is the capital of Zimbabwe. It is the country's seat of government and largest city, with an estimated population of 1,606,000, with 2,800,000 in its metropolitan area. Administratively, Harare is a metropolitan province, which also incorporates Chitungwiza town and Epworth. It is Zimbabwe's leading financial, commercial, and communications centre, and a trade centre for tobacco, maize, cotton, and citrus fruits. Manufactured goods include textiles, steel and chemicals, and gold is mined in the area. Harare is situated at an elevation of 1483 metres and its climate falls into the warm temperate category.\nHarare is the site of the University of Zimbabwe, the largest institution of higher learning in Zimbabwe, which is situated in the suburb of Mount Pleasant, about 6 km north of the city centre. Numerous suburbs surround the city, retaining the names colonial administrators gave them during the 19th century, such as Warren Park, Borrowdale, Mount Pleasant, Marlborough, Tynwald and Avondale; the most affluent suburbs are to the north of the city.
/m/0113sg	Nikolai Vasilievich Gogol was a Ukrainian-born Russian dramatist, novelist and short story writer.\nConsidered by his contemporaries one of the preeminent figures of the natural school of Russian literary realism, later critics have found in Gogol's work a fundamentally romantic sensibility, with strains of Surrealism and the grotesque. His early works, such as Evenings on a Farm Near Dikanka, were influenced by his Ukrainian upbringing, Ukrainian culture and folklore. His later writing satirised political corruption in the Russian Empire, leading to his eventual exile. The novel Taras Bulba and the play Marriage, along with the short stories \"Diary of a Madman\", \"The Tale of How Ivan Ivanovich Quarreled with Ivan Nikiforovich\", \"The Portrait\" and \"The Carriage\", round out the tally of his best-known works.
/m/0gltv	The Patriot is a 2000 American historical war film directed by Roland Emmerich, written by Robert Rodat, and starring Mel Gibson, Chris Cooper, and Heath Ledger. It was produced by the Mutual Film Company and Centropolis Entertainment and was distributed by Columbia Pictures. The film mainly takes place in rural York County, South Carolina, and depicts the story of an American swept into the American Revolutionary War when his family is threatened. Benjamin Martin is a composite figure based on four real American Revolutionary War heroes: Andrew Pickens, Francis Marion, Daniel Morgan and Thomas Sumter.\nThe film attracted controversy, with competing claims made about its merits given its historical inaccuracies. Professor Mark Glancy, teacher of film history at Queen Mary University of London has said: \"It's horrendously inaccurate and attributes crimes committed by the Nazis in the 1940s to the British in the 1770s.\" In contrast, Australian film critic David Edwards asserts that \"this fictional story is set around actual events, but it is not a history of what America was, or even an image of what it has become—it's a dream of what it should be....The Patriot is a grand epic full of action and emotion....But it's also surprisingly insightful in its evaluation of the American ideal—if not the reality.\"
/m/0dc_ms	Hellboy is a 2004 American supernatural superhero film, starring Ron Perlman and directed by Guillermo del Toro. The film is based on the Dark Horse Comics graphic novel Hellboy: Seed of Destruction by Mike Mignola. It was produced by Revolution Studios, and distributed by Columbia Pictures. The film is about a demonic beast known as Hellboy who secretly works to keep the world safe from paranormal threats.\nReleased in the spring of 2004, it grossed $59 million at the United States box office, and $99 million worldwide and was favorably received by critics. A sequel, Hellboy II: The Golden Army, was released on July 11, 2008.
/m/049n3s	Ascoli Calcio 1898 is an Italian football club based in Ascoli Piceno, Marche. The club was formed in 1898 and currently plays in Italian Lega Pro, having returned to it after two seasons spent in Serie A and eight in Serie B. Ascoli played in Serie A between periods of 1974–1976, 1978–1985, 1986–1990, 1991–1992, and 2005–2007.\nThe team's colours are black and white.
/m/0604m	The Palestinian Authority is the interim self-government body established to govern the West Bank and Gaza Strip as a consequence of the 1993 Oslo Accords. Originally founded as the Palestinian National Administration, the Fatah- controlled entity renamed itself State of Palestine in 2013, after the United Nations voted to recognize Palestine as a non-member UN observer state. Following elections in 2006 and the subsequent Gaza conflict between the Fatah and Hamas parties, its authority has extended only as far as the West Bank.\nThe Palestinian Authority was formed in 1994, pursuant to the Oslo Accords between the Palestine Liberation Organization and the government of Israel, as a five-year interim body. Further negotiations were then meant to take place between the two parties regarding its final status. As of 2013, more than eighteen years following the formulation of the Authority, this status has yet to be reached.\nAccording to the Oslo Accords, the Palestinian Authority was designated to have exclusive control over both security-related and civilian issues in Palestinian urban areas and only civilian control over Palestinian rural areas. The remainder of the territories, including Israeli settlements, the Jordan Valley region and bypass roads between Palestinian communities, were to remain under Israeli control. East Jerusalem was excluded from the Accords. Over time, political change has meant that the areas governed by the Authority have also changed. Negotiations with several Israeli governments had resulted in the Authority gaining further control of some areas, but control was then lost in some areas when the Israel Defense Forces retook several strategic positions during the Second Intifada. In 2005, after the Second Intifada, Israel withdrew unilaterally from its settlements in the Gaza Strip, thereby expanding Palestinian Authority control to the entire strip.
/m/028qdb	Roy J. Bittan is an American keyboardist, best known as a member of Bruce Springsteen's E Street Band, which he joined on August 23, 1974. Bittan, nicknamed The Professor, plays the piano, organ, accordion and synthesizers.\nAside from his membership in Bruce Springsteen's band, Bittan has played on several dozen albums as a session musician primarily for notable singer-songwriters, and rock and pop artists. Some of the prominent musicians with whom he has recorded include Jon Bon Jovi, David Bowie, Jackson Browne, Tracy Chapman, Chicago, Catie Curtis, Dire Straits, Peter Gabriel, Ian Hunter, Meat Loaf, Stevie Nicks, RVIVR, Bob Seger, Celine Dion, Nelly Furtado, Patty Smyth, Jim Steinman, and Bonnie Tyler.
/m/0c82s	Dordogne is a department in southwestern France, with its prefecture in Périgueux. The department is located in the region of Aquitaine between the Loire Valley and the Pyrenees. and is named after the great Dordogne river that runs through it. It roughly corresponds with the ancient county of Périgord.
/m/0cqhb3	The Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Drama Series is an award given by the Screen Actors Guild to honor the finest acting achievements in Dramatic Television.
/m/01g03q	Six Feet Under is an American drama television series created and produced by Alan Ball. It premiered on the premium cable network HBO in the United States on June 3, 2001 and ended on August 21, 2005, spanning five seasons and 63 episodes. The show was produced by Actual Size Films and The Greenblatt/Janollari Studio and was shot on location in Los Angeles and in Hollywood studios. The show depicts members of the Fisher family, who run their funeral home in Los Angeles, and their friends and lovers. The series traces these characters' lives over the course of five years. The ensemble drama stars Peter Krause, Michael C. Hall, Frances Conroy, Lauren Ambrose, Freddy Rodriguez, Mathew St. Patrick, and Rachel Griffiths as the show's seven central characters.\nSix Feet Under received widespread critical acclaim, particularly for its writing and acting, and consistently drew high ratings for the HBO network. The series has since been included on Time magazine's \"All-TIME 100 TV Shows\", as well as Empire magazine's \"50 Greatest TV Shows of All Time\" list. It has also been described as having one of the finest series finales in the history of television. It won numerous awards, including nine Emmy Awards, three Screen Actors Guild Awards, three Golden Globe Awards, and a Peabody Award.
/m/014bpd	Heavy Metal is a 1981 Canadian fantasy-animated film directed by Gerald Potterton and produced by Ivan Reitman and Leonard Mogel, who also was the publisher of Heavy Metal magazine, the basis for the film. The screenplay was written by Daniel Goldberg and Len Blum.\nThe film is an anthology of various science fiction and fantasy stories adapted from Heavy Metal magazine and original stories in the same spirit. Like the magazine, it has a great deal of graphic violence, nudity and sexuality. Its production was expedited by having several animation houses working simultaneously on different segments, including CinéGroupe and Atkinson Film-Arts.\nA stand-alone homage titled Heavy Metal 2000 was released in 2000.
/m/0q8sw	Huntsville is a city located primarily in Madison County in the central part of the far northern region of the U.S. state of Alabama. Huntsville is the county seat of Madison County. The city extends west into neighboring Limestone County. Huntsville's population was 180,105 as of the 2010 census. The Huntsville Metropolitan Area's population was 417,593. Huntsville is the fourth-largest city in Alabama and the largest city in the five-county Huntsville-Decatur Combined Statistical Area, which at the 2010 census had a total population of 664,441.\nIt grew across nearby hills north of the Tennessee River, adding textile mills, then munitions factories, NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center and the United States Army Aviation and Missile Command nearby at the Redstone Arsenal. The National Trust for Historic Preservation named Huntsville to its \"America's Dozen Distinctive Destinations for 2010\" list.
/m/0m_w6	County Kerry is a county in Ireland. It is located in the South-West Region and is also part of the province of Munster. It is named after the pre-Gaelic tribe who lived in part of the present county. Kerry County Council is the local authority for the county and Tralee serves as the county town. The population of the county is 145,502 according to the 2011 census.
/m/02nbqh	The Grammy Award for Best Large Jazz Ensemble Album has been presented since 1961. From 1962 to 1971 and 1979 to 1991 the award title specified instrumental performances. The award has had several minor name changes:
/m/01xwv7	David Khari Webber \"Dave\" Chappelle is an American comedian, screenwriter, television and film producer, and actor. After beginning his film career in 1993 as Ahchoo in Mel Brooks' Robin Hood: Men in Tights, he landed minor roles in box office hits including The Nutty Professor, Con Air, and Blue Streak. He co-wrote himself into his first lead role in Half Baked, which was directed by Tamra Davis.\nIn 2003, he became more widely known for his sketch comedy television series, Chappelle's Show, co-written with Neal Brennan, which ran until his retirement from the show two years later. By 2006, Chappelle was called \"the comic genius of America\" by Esquire and, in 2013, \"the best\" by a Billboard writer. The show continues to run in popular late-night syndication and on television networks around the world. Comedy Central ranks him No. 43 in \"the 100 Greatest Stand-Ups of All Time.\"\nHe lives with his family in Yellow Springs, Ohio, and continues to perform stand-up, recently touring the U.S. as part of the 2013 Oddball Comedy & Curiosity Festival.
/m/05m9f9	Timothy \"Tim\" Van Patten is an American television director, actor, screenwriter, and producer. As a director, Van Patten has directed episodes of The Sopranos, The Wire, Deadwood, Boardwalk Empire, Rome, The Pacific, Game of Thrones, Ed, and Sex and the City. Van Patten is perhaps best known for portraying Salami on The White Shadow. He also played the villainous teenager Peter Stegman in Class of 1984 and Max Keller on The Master.
/m/0dsfnd	Beijing Guoan F.C. is a Chinese professional football club that currently participates in the Chinese Super League. Their current head coach is Gregorio Manzano and the club is part of the CITIC Group. They play their home games at the Workers Stadium. The club's predecessor was called Beijing Football Club and they predominantly played in the top tier, where they won several domestic league and cup titles. In 1992, the club was reorganized to become a completely professional football club, and like Shandong Luneng, Chinese state-owned enterprises have significant holdings within the club.
/m/0z20d	Akron is the fifth largest city in the U.S. state of Ohio and is the county seat of Summit County. It is located in the Great Lakes region approximately 39 miles south of Lake Erie along the Little Cuyahoga River. As of the 2010 census, the city had a population of 199,110. The Akron Metropolitan Statistical Area covers Summit and Portage counties, and in 2010 had a population of 703,200. Akron is also part of the larger Cleveland-Akron-Elyria Combined Statistical Area, which in 2010 had a population of 2,780,440.\nAkron was co-founded in 1825 when suggested by Paul Williams to Simon Perkins. In 1833, \"South\" was temporarily added to the name when Eliakim Crosby settled a bordering North Akron. After Summit County formed from portions of Portage, Medina, and Stark counties in 1840, Akron succeeded Cuyahoga Falls as county seat a year later. The Akron School Law of 1847 created the K-12 system. In 1851, Sojourner Truth attended a convention and extemporaneously delivered the original \"Ain't I a Woman?\" speech. During the Civil War, Ferdinand Schumacher supplied the Union Army with oats produced by his mill along the Ohio Canal. Between the 1870s and World War I, numerous churches across the nation were built using the Akron Plan.
/m/0bxjv	The Axis powers, also known as the Axis alliance, Axis nations, Axis countries, or the Axis, were the nations that fought in the Second World War against the Allied forces. The Axis powers were united by their opposition to the Western world and the Soviet Union. They described their goals as breaking the hegemony of plutocratic-capitalist Western powers and defending civilization from communism.\nThe Axis grew out of the Anti-Comintern Pact, an anti-communist treaty signed by Germany and Japan in 1936. Italy joined the Pact in 1937. The \"Rome–Berlin Axis\" became a military alliance in 1939 under the Pact of Steel, with the Tripartite Pact of 1940 leading to the integration of the military aims of Germany and its two treaty-bound allies.\nAt its zenith during World War II, the Axis presided over territories that occupied large parts of Europe, Africa, and Asia. The war ended in 1945 with the defeat of the Axis powers and the dissolution of their alliance. As in the case of the Allies, membership of the Axis was fluid, with some nations switching sides or changing their degree of military involvement over the course of the war.
/m/013knm	Catherine Zeta-Jones CBE is a Welsh actress. She began her career on stage at an early age. After starring in a number of British and American television films and small roles in films, which included The Darling Buds of May from 1991 until 1993, she came to prominence with roles in Hollywood movies including the action film The Mask of Zorro and the crime thriller film Entrapment. Her breakthrough role was in the film Traffic, for which she earned her first Golden Globe Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress – Motion Picture.\nZeta-Jones subsequently starred as Velma Kelly in the film adaptation of the musical Chicago, a critical and commercial success, and received an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress, BAFTA Award, a Screen Actors Guild Award and was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy. Later, she appeared in the romantic comedy film Intolerable Cruelty and crime comedy film Ocean's Twelve. Zeta-Jones starred in the sequel of the 1998 film, The Legend of Zorro. She also starred in the biography romantic thriller Death Defying Acts and psychological thriller Side Effects.
/m/076zy_g	Unstoppable is a 2010 American action thriller film directed by Tony Scott, written by Mark Bomback, and starring Denzel Washington and Chris Pine. The film, loosely based on the real-life CSX 8888 incident, tells the story of a runaway freight train, and the two men who attempt to stop it. It was Scott's final feature film before his suicide in 2012.\nThe film was released in the United States and Canada on November 12, 2010, and in the United Kingdom on November 24, 2010. It received mostly favorable reviews from film critics; it garnered a \"Certified Fresh\" rating on Rotten Tomatoes based upon aggregated reviews, and a rating of \"Generally favorable reviews\" at Metacritic. The film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Sound Editing at the 83rd Academy Awards, but lost to Inception.
/m/0h5g_	Liam John Neeson, OBE is an Irish actor who rose to prominence with his acclaimed starring role in Steven Spielberg's 1993 Oscar winner Schindler's List. Neeson has since starred in a number of acclaimed films and a number of box office hits. Besides Schindler's List, some of Neeson's best known films include Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace, Taken, Michael Collins, Darkman, Batman Begins, Rob Roy, Kinsey, The Grey, Clash of the Titans, Kingdom of Heaven, and The Chronicles of Narnia series. Neeson has been nominated for a number of awards including an Academy Award for Best Actor, a BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role and three Golden Globe Awards for Best Actor in a Motion Picture Drama.
/m/03xyp_	Daniel Mark Nestor, CM is a Serbian-born Canadian professional tennis player from Toronto, Ontario, Canada. He is one of the foremost doubles players in tennis history due to his longevity and continued success at the top of the men's game.\nIn his career thus far he has won 83 men's doubles titles, including a Gold medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics, the ATP World Tour Finals four times, and eight Grand Slam men's doubles titles with three different partners. In addition, Nestor has won 4 Grand Slam mixed doubles titles: 2007 Australian Open with Elena Likhovtseva, the 2011 Australian Open with Katarina Srebotnik, and the 2013 Wimbledon and 2014 Australian Open with Kristina Mladenovic. His 83 men's doubles titles make him the third most decorated champion among active doubles players, and tied for third all time. He and the Bryan Brothers are the only players in tennis history to have won all four Grand Slams, all of the Masters Series events, the Year End Championships and Olympic gold medal in doubles at least once. He was named ATP Doubles Team of the Year in 2002 and 2004 and 2008. He became the World No. 1 ranked doubles player in the world in August 2002. Nestor's career-high singles ranking is World No. 58, which he reached in August 1999.
/m/03ntbmw	The Human Stain is a 2003 American drama film directed by Robert Benton. The screenplay by Nicholas Meyer is based on the 2000 novel of the same name by Philip Roth. The film stars Anthony Hopkins and Nicole Kidman.
/m/0bbz66j	Australians are defined as people native to or resident in Australia.
/m/045zr	Joni Mitchell, CC, is a Canadian musician, singer songwriter, and painter. Mitchell began singing in small nightclubs in Saskatchewan and Western Canada and then busking in the streets and dives of Toronto. In 1965 she moved to the United States and, touring constantly, began to be recognized when her original songs were covered by notable folk singers, allowing her to sign with Reprise Records and record her own debut album in 1968.\nSettling in Southern California, Mitchell, with popular songs like \"Big Yellow Taxi\" and \"Woodstock\", helped define an era and a generation. Her more starkly personal 1971 recording Blue has been called one of the best albums ever made. Musically restless, Mitchell switched labels and began moving toward jazz rhythms by way of lush pop textures on 1974's Court and Spark, her best-selling LP, featuring the radio hits \"Help Me\" and \"Free Man in Paris\".\nHer wide-ranging vocals and distinctive open-tuned guitar and piano compositions grew more harmonically and rhythmically complex as she explored jazz, melding it with influences of rock and roll, R&B, classical music, and non-western beats. Her run of experimental, jazz-inspired albums, including 1975's The Hissing of Summer Lawns and 1976's Hejira, confused many people and hurt her sales at the time, but they are acclaimed today. In the late 1970s, she began working closely with noted jazz musicians, among them Jaco Pastorius, Wayne Shorter, Herbie Hancock, Pat Metheny, and Charles Mingus; the latter asked her to collaborate on his final recordings. She turned again toward pop, embraced electronic music, and engaged in political protest.
/m/03mz5b	Antwone Fisher is a 2002 American drama film directed by Denzel Washington, marking his directorial debut. He also stars in the film as the psychiatrist Jerome Davenport, alongside Hollywood newcomer Derek Luke, who plays the title role, and ex-model Joy Bryant, as Fisher's girlfriend.\nThe film is inspired by a true story, with the real Antwone Fisher credited as the screenwriter, and is based on his autobiographical book Finding Fish. The film was produced by Washington, Nancy Paloian, and Todd Black, and features a soundtrack by Mychael Danna.\nBlack was first inspired to make the film upon hearing the story from Fisher, who was then working as a security guard at Sony Pictures Studios.
/m/01j_5k	Villanova University is a private university located in Radnor Township, a suburb northwest of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, in the United States. Named for Saint Thomas of Villanova, the school is the oldest Catholic university in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.\nFounded in 1842 by the Order of Saint Augustine, the university traces its roots to old Saint Augustine's Church, Philadelphia, which the Augustinian friars founded in 1796, and to its parish school, Saint Augustine's Academy, which was established in 1811. U.S. News and World Report lists Villanova as a \"more selective\" regional university and ranks it as the best regional university in the North. Barrons lists Villanova as most selective. It is the fourth most selective Catholic university in the United States after Notre Dame, Georgetown, and Boston College.
/m/0x3n	Aaliyah Dana Haughton, who performed under the mononym Aaliyah, was an American recording artist, dancer, actress, and model. She was born in Brooklyn, New York, and raised in Detroit, Michigan. At the age of 10, she appeared on the television show Star Search and performed in concert alongside Gladys Knight. At age 12, Aaliyah signed with Jive Records and her uncle Barry Hankerson's Blackground Records. Hankerson introduced her to R. Kelly, who became her mentor, as well as lead songwriter and producer of her debut album, Age Ain't Nothing but a Number. The album sold three million copies in the United States and was certified double platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America. After facing allegations of an illegal marriage with R. Kelly, Aaliyah ended her contract with Jive and signed with Atlantic Records.\nAaliyah worked with record producers Timbaland and Missy Elliott for her second album, One in a Million; it sold 3.7 million copies in the United States and over eight million copies worldwide. In 2000, Aaliyah appeared in her first major film, Romeo Must Die. She contributed to the film's soundtrack, which spawned the single \"Try Again\". The song topped the Billboard Hot 100 solely on airplay, making Aaliyah the first artist in Billboard history to achieve this feat. \"Try Again\" earned Aaliyah a Grammy Award nomination for Best Female R&B Vocalist. After completing Romeo Must Die, Aaliyah filmed her part in Queen of the Damned. She released her third and final album, Aaliyah, in July 2001.
/m/0hv8w	American Graffiti is a 1973 coming of age film directed and co-written by George Lucas starring Richard Dreyfuss, Ron Howard, Paul Le Mat, Harrison Ford, Charles Martin Smith, Cindy Williams, Candy Clark, Mackenzie Phillips and Wolfman Jack; Suzanne Somers was the blonde in the T-bird. Set in 1962 Modesto, California, the film is a study of the cruising and rock and roll cultures popular among the post–World War II baby boom generation. The film is told in a series of vignettes, telling the story of a group of teenagers and their adventures in one night.\nThe genesis of American Graffiti was in Lucas' own teenage years in early 1960s Modesto. He was unsuccessful in pitching the concept to financiers and distributors but finally found favor at Universal Pictures after United Artists, 20th Century Fox, Columbia Pictures, Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, and Paramount Pictures turned him down. Filming was initially set to take place in San Rafael, California, but the production crew was denied permission to shoot beyond a second day. As a result, most filming was done in Petaluma.\nThe film was released to critical acclaim and financial success, and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture. Produced on a $775,000 budget, it has become one of the most profitable films of all time. Since its initial release, American Graffiti has garnered an estimated return of well over $200 million in box office gross and home video sales, not including merchandising. In 1995, the United States Library of Congress deemed the film \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant\" and selected it for preservation in the National Film Registry.
/m/015v3r	Ethan Green Hawke is an American actor, writer and director. He has been nominated for the Academy Awards both as an actor and a writer. He also received a Tony Award nomination for his theater work.\nHawke made his film debut in 1985 with the science-fiction feature Explorers, before making a breakthrough appearance in the 1989 drama Dead Poets Society. He then appeared in such films as White Fang, A Midnight Clear, and Alive before taking a role in the 1994 Generation X drama Reality Bites, for which he received critical praise. In 1995 he starred in the romantic drama Before Sunrise, and later in its sequels Before Sunset and Before Midnight.\nIn 2001, Hawke played a young police officer in Training Day, for which he received the Screen Actors Guild and Academy Award nominations in the Best Supporting Actor category. He also garnered two screenwriting Oscar nominations for co-writing the screenplays of Before Sunset and Before Midnight. Other films have included the science-fiction drama Gattaca, the contemporary adaptation of Hamlet, the action thriller Assault on Precinct 13, the crime drama Before the Devil Knows You're Dead, and the horror film Sinister.
/m/088q4	Zimbabwe, officially the Republic of Zimbabwe, is a landlocked country located in southern Africa, between the Zambezi and Limpopo rivers. It is bordered by South Africa to the south, Botswana to the southwest, Zambia to the northwest and Mozambique to the east. The capital is Harare. Zimbabwe achieved de jure sovereignty from the United Kingdom in April 1980, following 14 years as an unrecognised state under the conservative white minority government of Rhodesia, which unilaterally declared independence in 1965.\nZimbabwe has 16 official languages, with English, Shona and Ndebele being most common. The present territory was first demarcated by Cecil Rhodes' British South Africa Company during the 1890s, becoming a self-governing colony as Southern Rhodesia in 1923. President Robert Mugabe is head of state and commander-in-chief of the armed forces. Renowned as a champion for the anti-colonial cause, Mugabe is also viewed as an authoritarian responsible for Zimbabwe's problematic human rights record and substantial economic decline. He has held power since internationally recognised independence in 1980: as head of government since 1980 and head of state since 1987.
/m/03qch2w	Pathogenic bacteria are bacteria that cause bacterial infection. This article deals with human pathogenic bacteria.\nAlthough most bacteria are harmless or often beneficial, several are pathogenic. One of the bacterial diseases with the highest disease burden is tuberculosis, caused by the bacterium Mycobacterium tuberculosis, which kills about 2 million people a year, mostly in sub-Saharan Africa. Pathogenic bacteria contribute to other globally important diseases, such as pneumonia, which can be caused by bacteria such as Streptococcus and Pseudomonas, and foodborne illnesses, which can be caused by bacteria such as Shigella, Campylobacter, and Salmonella. Pathogenic bacteria also cause infections such as tetanus, typhoid fever, diphtheria, syphilis, and leprosy.\nKoch's postulates are criteria designed to establish a causal relationship between a causative microbe and a disease.
/m/02z2mr7	The Loss of a Teardrop Diamond is a 2008 independent film by director Jodie Markell. The film is based on Tennessee Williams's long-forgotten 1957 screenplay. The film stars Bryce Dallas Howard in the leading role of Fisher Willow.
/m/02x9cv	The University of Montana is a public research university located in Missoula, Montana, in the United States. Founded in 1893, the university is the flagship campus of the four-campus University of Montana System and is its largest institution. The main campus is located at the foot of Mount Sentinel, the mountain bearing Missoula's most recognizable landmark, a large hillside letter \"M.\" It is a major source of research, continuing education, economic development and fine arts, as well as a driving force in strengthening Montana's ties with countries throughout the world.\nThe university calls itself a \"city within a city,\" and contains its own restaurants, medical facilities, banking, postal services, police department, and ZIP code. The University of Montana ranks 17th in the nation and fifth among public universities in producing Rhodes Scholars, with a total of 28 such scholars. The University of Montana has 11 Truman Scholars, 14 Goldwater Scholars and 31 Udall Scholars to its name.\nThe University of Montana's Maureen and Mike Mansfield Library houses the earliest authorized edition of the Lewis and Clark journals. Rolling Stone labelled the university the \"most scenic campus in America\" and Outside magazine called it \"among the top 10 colleges nationally for combining academic quality and outdoor recreation\".
/m/02hzz	Devo is an American rock band formed in 1972 consisting of members from Kent and Akron, Ohio. The classic line-up of the band included two sets of brothers, the Mothersbaughs and the Casales, along with Alan Myers. The band had a No. 14 Billboard chart hit in 1980 with the single \"Whip It\", and has maintained a cult following throughout its existence. Their style over time has shifted between punk, art rock, post-punk and New Wave. Their music and stage show mingle kitsch science fiction themes, deadpan surrealist humor, and mordantly satirical social commentary. Their often discordant pop songs feature unusual synthetic instrumentation and time signatures that have proven influential on subsequent popular music, particularly New Wave, industrial and alternative rock artists. Devo was also a pioneer of the music video, creating many memorable clips for the Laser Disc format, with \"Whip It\" getting heavy airplay in the early days of MTV.
/m/05btx9	Sportvereniging Zulte Waregem, commonly known as Zulte Waregem or by their nickname Essevee, is a Belgian professional football club based in Waregem, West Flanders. Zulte Waregem plays in the Belgian Pro League. Their highest finish at the highest level was a 2nd place in Belgian First Division 2012-13. They have won 1 Belgian Cup. They subsequently qualified for the 2006-07 UEFA Cup, only to lose in the round of 32 to Newcastle United.\nThe club is a product of a partnership in 2001 between Zultse VV and KSV Waregem, a former first division regular. No merger was applied. Zulte Waregem first reached the highest level in Belgian football by winning the 2004-05 second division. The club outfits are red and green. They play their home matches at the Regenboogstadion, the former stadium of KSV Waregem.
/m/0j_sncb	The University of Florida is an American public land-grant, sea-grant, and space-grant research university located on a 2,000-acre campus in Gainesville, Florida. It is a senior member of the State University System of Florida and traces its historical origins to 1853, and has operated continuously on its present Gainesville campus since September 1906. The University of Florida is ranked 14th overall among all public national universities in the 2014 U.S. News & World Report rankings, and has ranked within the top 100 universities worldwide. The University of Florida was also described as a \"Public Ivy\" in the book The Public Ivies: America's Flagship Public Universities.\nThe University of Florida is an elected member of the Association of American Universities, an organization composed of sixty-one top American and Canadian research universities. The University is classified as a Research University with Very High Research by the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching. The university is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools.\nIt is the third largest Florida university by student population, and is the eighth largest single-campus university in the United States with 49,913 students enrolled for the fall 2012 semester. The University of Florida is home to sixteen academic colleges and more than 150 research centers and institutes. It offers multiple graduate professional programs—including business administration, engineering, law, dentistry, medicine, and veterinary medicine—on one contiguous campus, and administers 123 master's degree programs and seventy-six doctoral degree programs in eighty-seven schools and departments. As of fall 2012, Florida ranked fourteenth among all institutions in the number of new National Merit Scholars enrolled.
/m/026g51	Outlaw country is a subgenre of country music, most popular during the late 1960s and the 1970s, sometimes referred to as the outlaw movement or simply outlaw music. The focus of the movement has been on \"outlaws\", such as Johnny Cash, Waylon Jennings, Merle Haggard, David Allan Coe and his Eli Radish Band, Willie Nelson, Kris Kristofferson, Leon Russell, Hank Williams Jr., Townes Van Zandt, Billy Joe Shaver, Steve Earle, The reason for the movement has been attributed to a reaction to the Nashville sound, developed by record producers like Chet Atkins who softened the raw honky tonk sound that was predominant in the music of performers like Jimmie Rodgers, and his successors such as Hank Williams, George Jones and Lefty Frizzell. According to Aaron Fox, \"the fundamental opposition between law-and-order authoritarianism and the image of 'outlaw' authenticity... has structured country's discourse of masculinity since the days of Jimmie Rodgers.\"
/m/0b7l1f	Taiwo Leo Awuonda Atieno is an English-born Kenyan international footballer. He previously played in the Football League for Walsall, Rochdale, Chester City, Darlington, Torquay United and Barnet and in the USL First Division for the Puerto Rico Islanders and Rochester Rhinos. He first appeared for the Kenya national team in June 2009.
/m/06pj8	Steven Allan Spielberg is an American film director, screenwriter, producer, and business magnate. In a career of more than four decades, Spielberg's films have covered many themes and genres. Spielberg's early science-fiction and adventure films were seen as archetypes of modern Hollywood blockbuster filmmaking. In later years, his films began addressing humanistic issues such as the Holocaust, the transatlantic slave trade, war, and terrorism. He is considered one of the most popular and influential filmmakers in the history of cinema. He is also one of the co-founders of DreamWorks movie studio.\nSpielberg won the Academy Award for Best Director for Schindler's List and Saving Private Ryan. Three of Spielberg's films—Jaws, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, and Jurassic Park —achieved box office records, each becoming the highest-grossing film made at the time. To date, the unadjusted gross of all Spielberg-directed films exceeds $8.5 billion worldwide. Forbes puts Spielberg's wealth at $3.3 billion.
/m/03sbb	In patent law, an inventor is the person, or persons in United States patent law, who contribute to the claims of a patentable invention. In some patent law frameworks, however, such as in the European Patent Convention and its case law, no explicit, accurate definition of who exactly is an inventor is provided. The definition may slightly vary from one European country to another. Inventorship is generally not considered to be a patentability criterion under European patent law.\nUnder U.S. case law, an inventor is the one with \"intellectual domination\" over the inventive process, and not merely one who assists in its reduction to practice. Since inventorship relates to the claims in a patent application, knowing who an inventor is under the patent law is sometimes difficult. In fact, inventorship can change during the prosecution of a patent application as claims are deleted or amended.\n\"Joint inventors\", or \"co-inventors\", exist when a patentable invention is the result of inventive work of more than one inventor. Joint inventors exist even where one inventor contributed a majority of the work.\nAbsent a contract or license, the inventors are individuals who own the rights in an issued patent. Status as an inventor dramatically alters parties' ability to capitalize on the invention.
/m/035l_9	The Indian national football team is governed by the All India Football Federation. Since 1948, the AIFF has been affiliated with FIFA, the international governing body for football. In 1954, the AIFF became one of the founding members of the Asian Football Confederation. At the peak of its success during the 1950s and 1960s, the team was automatically advanced to play in the 1950 FIFA World Cup, but they did not go to the tournament in Brazil due to the cost of travel, lack of practice time, team selection issues and valuing the Olympics over the FIFA World Cup. They won gold medals at two Asian Games and one silver at the Asian Cup.
/m/025mb9	The Grammy Award for Best Instrumental Arrangement Accompanying Vocalist(s) has been awarded since 1963. The award is presented to the arranger of the music, not to the performer(s), except if the performer is also the arranger.\nThere have been several minor changes to the name of the award:\nFrom 1963 to 1964 the award was known as Best Background Arrangement\nIn 1965 it was awarded as Best Accompaniment Arrangement for Vocalist(s) or Instrumentalist(s)\nFrom 1966 to 1967 it was awarded as Best Arrangement Accompanying a Vocalist or Instrumentalist\nIn 1968 it was awarded as Best Instrumental Arrangement Accompanying Vocalist(s)/Best Background Arrangement\nFrom 1969 to 1978 and in 1981 it was awarded as Best Arrangement Accompanying Vocalist(s)\nFrom 1979 to 1980 it was awarded as Best Arrangement Accompanying Vocal(s)\nFrom 1982 to 1994 and from 1998 to 1999 it was awarded as Best Instrumental Arrangement Accompanying Vocal(s)\nFrom 1995 to 1997 it was awarded as Best Instrumental Arrangement with Accompanying Vocals\nFrom 2000 to the present it has been awarded as Best Instrumental Arrangement Accompanying Vocalist(s)\nYears reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were presented, for works released in the previous year.
/m/0gcdzz	Maulik Navin Pancholy is an American actor known for his recurring role as Sanjay on Weeds, his role as Jonathan on 30 Rock, voice acting as Baljeet Tjinder in Phineas and Ferb, and as Neal during the first season of Whitney. He currently voices Sanjay Patel in the Nickelodeon animated series Sanjay and Craig.
/m/03knl	Halle Maria Berry is an American actress and former fashion model. She won an Academy Award for Best Actress in 2002 for her performance in Monster's Ball, becoming the first and, as of 2013, the only woman of African-American descent to win an Oscar for a leading role. She is one of the highest paid actresses in Hollywood and has been involved in the production side of several of the films in which she performed. Berry is also a Revlon spokesmodel.\nBefore becoming an actress, Berry entered several beauty contests, finishing as the 1st runner-up in the Miss USA Pageant and coming in 6th place in the Miss World Pageant in 1986. Her breakthrough film role was in 1992's Boomerang, which led to roles in films such as The Flintstones and Bulworth. In addition to her Academy Award win, Berry reached a higher level of prominence in the new millennium with roles such as Storm in the X-Men film series, Swordfish, and Die Another Day, where she played Bond Girl Jinx, later finding success in the 2010s with movies such as Cloud Atlas and The Call. She also won the Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Actress in 2005 for Catwoman and accepted the award in person, one of few people to do so.
/m/0ggbhy7	Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy is a 2011 Cold War espionage film directed by Tomas Alfredson. The screenplay was written by Bridget O'Connor and Peter Straughan, based on the 1974 novel of the same name by John le Carré.\nIt stars Gary Oldman as George Smiley, along with Colin Firth, Tom Hardy, John Hurt, Toby Jones, Mark Strong, Benedict Cumberbatch and Ciarán Hinds. Set in London in the early 1970s, the story follows the hunt for a Soviet double agent at the top of the British secret service.\nThe film was produced through the British company Working Title Films and financed by France's StudioCanal. It premiered in competition at the 68th Venice International Film Festival. It was a critical and commercial success and was the highest-grossing film at the British box office for three consecutive weeks. At the 84th Academy Awards it received three nominations: the Academy Awards for Best Adapted Screenplay, Best Original Score, and for Oldman, Best Actor.\nThe novel had previously been adapted into the award-winning 1979 BBC TV miniseries Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy.
/m/0gg5kmg	Killing Them Softly is a 2012 American neo-noir crime film directed by Andrew Dominik and starring Brad Pitt, based on the 1974 novel Cogan's Trade by George V. Higgins. On May 22, 2012, the film premiered in competition for the Palme d'Or at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival, receiving positive early reviews.
/m/0jyw	Ankara is the capital of Turkey since the Ottoman Empire's fall in 1923 and the country's second largest city, Istanbul being the largest. The city has a mean elevation of 938 meters and has a population of 4,338,620, with its metropolitan municipality having 4,965,542 as of 2012.\nCentrally located in Anatolia, Ankara is an important commercial and industrial city. It is the center of the Turkish Government, and houses all foreign embassies. It is an important crossroads of trade, strategically located at the center of Turkey's highway and railway networks, and serves as the marketing center for the surrounding agricultural area. The city was famous for its long-haired Angora goat and its prized wool, a unique breed of cat, Angora rabbits and their prized wool, pears, honey, and the region's muscat grapes.\nThe historical center of Ankara is situated upon a rocky hill, which rises 150 m above the plain on the left bank of the Ankara Çayı, a tributary of the Sakarya river. The city is located at 39°52'30\" North, 32°52' East, about 450 km to the southeast of Istanbul, the country's largest city. Although situated in one of the driest places of Turkey and surrounded mostly by steppe vegetation except for the forested areas on the southern periphery, Ankara can be considered a green city in terms of green areas per inhabitant, which is 72 m² per head.
/m/02mjf2	Matthew David McConaughey is an American actor. He first gained notice for his breakout role in the coming of age comedy Dazed and Confused, and went on to appear in films such as the slasher Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Next Generation, the legal thriller A Time to Kill, Steven Spielberg's historical drama Amistad, the science fiction drama Contact, the comedy EDtv and the war film U-571.\nIn the 2000s, he became best known for starring in romantic comedies, including The Wedding Planner, How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days, Failure to Launch and Ghosts of Girlfriends Past. Since 2010 he has moved away from romantic comedies and has had critically acclaimed roles in the films The Lincoln Lawyer, Bernie, Killer Joe, Mud, Magic Mike and The Wolf of Wall Street. He achieved further success in 2013 for portraying a cowboy diagnosed with AIDS in the biographical film Dallas Buyers Club, which earned him the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Drama and an Academy Award for Best Actor nomination, among other awards and nominations. He currently stars in the 2014 HBO crime anthology series True Detective.
/m/01m_p5	The Labour Party is a social-democratic political party in the Republic of Ireland. The Labour Party was founded in 1912 in Clonmel, County Tipperary, by James Connolly, James Larkin and William O'Brien as the political wing of the Irish Trade Union Congress. Unlike the other main Irish political parties, Labour does not trace its origins to the original Sinn Féin. At the 2011 general election it gained 37 of the 166 seats in Dáil Éireann, almost double its total of 20 at the 2007 general election, making it the second largest political party in the 31st Dáil. The Labour Party has served in government for a total of nineteen years, six times in coalition either with Fine Gael alone or with Fine Gael and other smaller parties, and once with Fianna Fáil, giving it the second-longest time in government of Irish parties, next to Fianna Fáil. As of 9 March 2011 it is the junior partner in a coalition with Fine Gael for the period of the 31st Dáil. The current party leader is Eamon Gilmore, elected in October 2007 alongside Joan Burton as deputy leader. Gilmore is the current Tánaiste.\nThe Labour Party is a member of the Progressive Alliance, Socialist International and Party of European Socialists, while the party's MEPs sit in the European Parliament group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats. Through these organisations, the Labour Party is linked with the Social Democratic and Labour Party in Northern Ireland.
/m/0322yj	The Terminal is a 2004 American comedy-drama film directed by Steven Spielberg and starring Tom Hanks and Catherine Zeta-Jones. It is about a man who becomes trapped in New York City's JFK International Airport terminal when he is denied entry into the United States and at the same time cannot return to his native country due to a revolution. The film is partially inspired by the 17-year-stay of Mehran Karimi Nasseri in the Charles de Gaulle International Airport, Terminal I, Paris, France from 1988 to 2006.
/m/06x77g	The Turning Point is a 1977 film written by Arthur Laurents and directed by Herbert Ross. In starring roles were Shirley MacLaine, Anne Bancroft, Mikhail Baryshnikov, Leslie Browne, Tom Skerritt, Martha Scott, Anthony Zerbe, Marshall Thompson and James Mitchell. Despite 11 nominations, the film won no Oscars.
/m/06s0l	Saint Lucia is a sovereign island country in the eastern Caribbean Sea on the boundary with the Atlantic Ocean. Part of the Lesser Antilles, it is located north/northeast of the island of Saint Vincent, northwest of Barbados and south of Martinique. It covers a land area of 617 km² and has a population of 174,000. Its capital is Castries.\nOne of the Windward Islands, Saint Lucia was named after Saint Lucy of Syracuse by the French, the island's first European settlers. They signed a treaty with the native Carib Indians in 1660. Britain took control of the island from 1663 to 1667; in ensuing years, it was at war with France 14 times and rule of the island changed frequently. In 1814, the British took definitive control of the island. Because it switched so often between British and French control, Saint Lucia was also known as the \"Helen of the West Indies\".\nRepresentative government came about in 1840. From 1958 to 1962, the island was a member of the Federation of the West Indies. On 22 February 1979, Saint Lucia became an independent state of the Commonwealth of Nations associated with the United Kingdom. Saint Lucia has a legal system based on English common law.
/m/02_570	Anti-fascism is the opposition to fascist ideologies, groups and individuals. The related term antifa, derived from the German word Antifaschismus, usually refers to militant left-wing individuals and groups who actively oppose fascism and fascists.
/m/013x0b	Mushroom Records was an Australian independent record label, founded in 1972 in Melbourne. It published and distributed many successful Australian artists and expanded internationally, until it was merged with Festival Records in 1988. Festival Mushroom Records was later acquired by Warner Bros. Records, which operated the label from 2005 to 2010. Founder Michael Gudinski is now the leader of the Mushroom Group, the largest independent music and entertainment company in Australia.
/m/012x4t	Stevland Hardaway Morris, known by his stage name Stevie Wonder, is an American musician, singer-songwriter, record producer, and multi-instrumentalist. A child prodigy, he has become one of the most creative and loved musical performers of the late 20th century. Wonder signed with Motown's Tamla label at the age of eleven and continues to perform and record for Motown as of the early 2010s. He has been blind since shortly after birth.\nAmong Wonder's works are singles such as \"Superstition\", \"Sir Duke\", \"You Are the Sunshine of My Life\" and \"I Just Called to Say I Love You\"; and albums such as Talking Book, Innervisions and Songs in the Key of Life. He has recorded more than thirty U.S. top ten hits and received twenty-two Grammy Awards, the most ever awarded to a male solo artist, and has sold over 100 million albums and singles, making him one of the top 60 best-selling music artists. Wonder is also noted for his work as an activist for political causes, including his 1980 campaign to make Martin Luther King, Jr.'s birthday a holiday in the United States. In 2009, Wonder was named a United Nations Messenger of Peace. In 2008, Billboard magazine released a list of the Hot 100 All-Time Top Artists to celebrate the US singles chart's fiftieth anniversary, with Wonder at number five.
/m/01jbx1	Tyra Lynne Banks is an American television personality, producer, author, actress and former model. She first became famous as a model, appearing twice on the cover of the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue and working for Victoria's Secret as one of their original Angels. Banks is the creator and host of the UPN/The CW reality television show America's Next Top Model, co-creator of True Beauty, and was the host of her own talk show, The Tyra Banks Show.\nBanks is one of four African Americans and seven women to have repeatedly ranked among the world's most influential people by Time magazine.
/m/05ztrmj	The MTV Movie Award for Best Fight is an award presented to actors and characters for quality fight scenes in films at the MTV Movie Awards, a ceremony established in 1992. Honors in several categories are awarded by MTV at the annual ceremonies, and are chosen by public vote. The MTV Movie Award for Best Fight was first presented in 1996 to Adam Sandler and Bob Barker for their fight in Happy Gilmore. Uma Thurman won the award in 2004 and 2005 for her fights against Chiaki Kuriyama and Daryl Hannah in Kill Bill: Vol. 1 and Vol. 2, respectively. In 2008 and 2009 Cam Gigandet was presented with the honor for his fights in Never Back Down and Twilight. Robert Pattinson has also won the award twice, for his appearances in The Twilight Saga films: Twilight in 2009 and The Twilight Saga: Eclipse in 2011. Jackie Chan has won the Best Fight honor once from four nominations. Jet Li and Chris Tucker have each received three nominations, and Brad Pitt and Hugh Jackman have each been nominated twice.
/m/01x53m	John Maxwell \"J. M.\" Coetzee is a South African novelist, essayist, linguist, translator and recipient of the 2003 Nobel Prize in Literature. He relocated to Australia in 2002 and lives in Adelaide He became an Australian citizen in 2006.\nIn 2013, Richard Poplak of the Daily Maverick described Coetzee as \"inarguably the most celebrated and decorated living English-language author\". Before receiving the 2003 Nobel Prize in Literature, Coetzee was awarded the CNA Prize, the Prix Femina Étranger, The Irish Times International Fiction Prize and the Booker Prize, among other accolades.
/m/0f25y	Santa Fe is the capital of the United States state of New Mexico. It is the fourth-largest city in the state and is the seat of Santa Fe County. Santa Fe is also the oldest capital city in the United States. Santa Fe had a population of 69,204 in 2012. It is the principal city of a Metropolitan Statistical Area which encompasses all of Santa Fe County and is part of the larger Albuquerque-Santa Fe-Las Vegas Combined Statistical Area. The city’s full name when founded was La Villa Real de la Santa Fé de San Francisco de Asís.
/m/0h1sz	Aspartic acid is an α-amino acid with the chemical formula HOOCCHCH2COOH. The carboxylate anion and salts of aspartic acid are known as aspartate. The L-isomer of aspartate is one of the 22 proteinogenic amino acids, i.e., the building blocks of proteins. Its codons are GAU and GAC.\nAspartic acid is, together with glutamic acid, classified as an acidic amino acid with a pKa of 3.9, however in a peptide the pKa is highly dependent on the local environment. A pKa as high as 14 is not at all uncommon. Aspartate is pervasive in biosynthesis. As with all amino acids, the presence of acid protons depends on the residue's local chemical environment and the pH of the solution.
/m/02b61v	Mission: Impossible II is a 2000 American action spy film directed by John Woo and starring Tom Cruise, who also served as the film's producer. It is the sequel to Brian De Palma's 1996 film Mission: Impossible and has Cruise reprising his role as agent Ethan Hunt of the IMF, a top-secret espionage and clandestine operation agency. The film is the second installment of the Mission: Impossible film series and was followed by Mission: Impossible III and Mission: Impossible – Ghost Protocol.
/m/01lpwh	The Toronto Argonauts are a professional Canadian football team competing in the East Division of the Canadian Football League. The Toronto, Ontario based team was founded in 1873, and is the oldest existing professional sports team in North America still using its original name. The team's origins date back to a modified version of rugby football that emerged in North America in the latter half of the nineteenth century. The Argonauts have played their home games at Rogers Centre since the stadium opened in 1989; it is the fourth stadium site to host the team. The current team is coached by Scott Milanovich and led at quarterback by Ricky Ray.\nThe Argonauts have won the Grey Cup championship a record 16 times and have appeared in the final 22 times. Most recently they defeated the Calgary Stampeders 35-22 at home in the 100th Grey Cup in 2012. The Argonauts hold the best winning percentage in the championship game and have the longest active winning streak in games which they've appeared at five. The Argonauts have faced every current western CFL team at least once in the Grey Cup, while their most celebrated divisional rivalry has been with the Hamilton Tiger-Cats.\nThe football team was the property of the Argonaut Rowing Club for its first 84 years and has been owned by a series of business interests since 1957. Its current owner is David Braley. The Argonauts were a fixture on the Toronto sports scene for decades, with attendance peaking in the 1970s. Recently, the team has been troubled by attendance and stadium concerns.
/m/0dwcl	Sierra Entertainment Inc. was an American video-game developer and publisher founded in 1979 as On-Line Systems by Ken and Roberta Williams. Based in Oakhurst, California and later in Fresno, California, the company was last owned by Activision, a subsidiary of Activision Blizzard.\nSierra is best known today for its multiple lines of seminal graphic adventure games started in the 1980s, many of which proved influential in the history of video games. The Sierra label was absorbed by its parent company. Some franchises that were published by Sierra will be published by Activision, which also announced in 2008 that it may sell the Sierra brand.
/m/032j_n	Dimension Films is a major American film production and distribution studio formerly owned by The Walt Disney Studios, it is now owned by The Weinstein Company. It was formerly used as Bob Weinstein's label within Miramax Films, to produce and release genre films. The Weinstein Brothers took this label with them when they departed the Disney-owned Miramax in October 2005 and paired it under their company.\nAll films released by Dimension Films prior to October 1, 2005, remain the property of Miramax Films; half the profits of sequels made to Miramax-era films went to Disney until Miramax was sold to Filmyard Holdings, a joint venture of Colony Capital, Tutor-Saliba Corporation, and Qatar Investment Authority in 2010.\nThe studio's movie franchises include the later Halloween films, Children of the Corn, Scream, Spy Kids and Scary Movie. Its films are released on DVD and Blu-ray by Beverly Hills–based Anchor Bay Entertainment, due to the 25% purchase of Starz Media, which is Anchor Bay's parent.\nAs of 1992, the company usually releases horror films, comedy films and action films.\nDimension Films has also have involvement with One Ball Pictures who owns \"Funny Or Die\" online series, they released their first episode “A Lesson with John McEnroe” with Dimension Films.
/m/05myd2	Michael David Rapaport is an actor, director and comedian. He has acted in more than forty films since the early 1990s. For his television credits he's best known for his roles on the television series Boston Public, Prison Break, Friends, and The War at Home.
/m/037q1z	Sir Michael Elias Balcon was an English film producer, known for his work with Ealing Studios. Balcon had earlier worked for Gainsborough Pictures, Gaumont British and MGM-British.
/m/09v71cj	The Beaver is a 2011 drama film directed by Jodie Foster, written by Kyle Killen, and starring Mel Gibson and Foster. This is their first film together since 1994's Maverick.
/m/04z257	The Brothers Grimm is a 2005 adventure fantasy film directed by Terry Gilliam. The film stars Matt Damon, Heath Ledger, and Lena Headey in an exaggerated and fictitious portrait of the Brothers Grimm as traveling con-artists in French-occupied Germany during the early 19th century. However, the brothers eventually encounter a genuine fairy tale curse which requires real courage instead of their usual bogus exorcisms. Supporting characters are played by Peter Stormare, Jonathan Pryce, and Monica Bellucci.\nIn February 2001, Ehren Kruger sold his spec script to Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. With Gilliam's hiring as director, the script was rewritten by Gilliam and Tony Grisoni, but the Writers Guild of America refused to credit them for their work, thus Kruger received sole credit. MGM eventually dropped out as distributor, but decided to co-finance The Brothers Grimm with Dimension Films and Summit Entertainment, while Dimension took over distribution duties.\nThe film was shot entirely in the Czech Republic, where Gilliam often had on-set tensions with brothers Bob and Harvey Weinstein. This caused the original theatrical release date to be pushed forward nearly 10 months. The Brothers Grimm was finally released on 26 August 2005 with mixed reviews and a $105.32 million box office performance. This also marks Terry Gilliam's first film to get a PG-13 rating from the MPAA.
/m/024dgj	Christopher Anthony John \"Chris\" Martin is an English singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist, and is the lead vocalist, pianist, rhythm guitarist and one of the founders of the band Coldplay.
/m/025mbn	The Grammy Award for Best Instrumental Arrangement has been awarded since 1963. The award is presented to the arranger of the music. Only songs or tracks are eligible, no longer works. The performing artist does not receive a Grammy, except if he/she is also the arranger.\nThere have been several minor changes to the name of the award:\nFrom 1963 to 1981 the award was known as Best Instrumental Arrangement\nFrom 1982 to 1983 it was awarded as Best Arrangement on an Instrumental Recording\nFrom 1984 to 1994 it was awarded as Best Arrangement on an Instrumental\nFrom 1995 to the present it has again been awarded as Best Instrumental Arrangement\nYears reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were presented, for works released in the previous year.
/m/0fv89q	The 28th Academy Awards were presented at the RKO Pantages Theatre in Los Angeles, California. Marty, a simple and low-budget film usually uncharacteristic of Best Picture awardees, became the shortest film to win the top honor.
/m/0r0f7	Inglewood is a city in southwestern Los Angeles County, California, southwest of downtown Los Angeles. It was incorporated on February 14, 1908. Its population stood at 109,673 as of the 2010 U.S. Census. The city is in the South Bay region of the greater Los Angeles area.
/m/017l96	Capitol Records is a major American record label that is part of the Capitol Music Group and is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Universal Music Group. Founded in 1942 by three industry insiders, the label has recorded and released material by artists such as Nat King Cole, Frank Sinatra, The Kingston Trio, The Beach Boys, The Beatles, Glen Campbell, Megadeth, Red Hot Chili Peppers, Coldplay, and Katy Perry among many others. Eventually acquired by EMI, the label has released records in many musical genres. Its Los Angeles headquarters building Capitol Records Tower is a recognized landmark.
/m/037n97	Smooth jazz is a genre of music that grew out of jazz fusion and is influenced by jazz, R&B, funk, rock, and pop music styles. It is also the name of a radio format.\nModern derivatives of the genre include the more-recent New Adult Contemporary format of broadcast radio. \"Smooth jazz\" has been successful as a radio format; however, in 2007, the popularity of the format began to slide. Consequently, it was abandoned by several high-profile radio stations across the U.S.A., perhaps most notably by WQCD in New York, WJJZ in Philadelphia, and KKSF in San Francisco. Many industry insiders have speculated that the smooth jazz format may die out, particularly with many of industry giant Clear Channel Communications' stations dropping the genre. Critics of the company, however, blame Clear Channel for the format's decline, citing too much repetition of a sharply-reduced number of tracks on Clear Channel-owned stations that alienated many listeners. Despite the format's demise on commercial radio, a growing number of non-commercial stations have taken up the music. In addition, smooth jazz concerts, recording sales—as well as increased smooth jazz offerings on the Internet—continue to show strong fan support for the genre.
/m/01q8hj	Colgate University is a private liberal arts college in Hamilton Village, Hamilton, New York, United States.\nColgate has 53 undergraduate concentrations that culminate in a Bachelor of Arts degree. The student body comes from 47 states and 42 countries. In its 2013 edition, U.S. News and World Report ranked Colgate as the 18th best liberal arts college in the country. Colgate ranked 13th on the Forbes' top liberal arts colleges list in 2013, and 36th overall in the 2013 edition of \"America's Top Colleges\" from Forbes.com. It is also listed as one of thirty Hidden Ivies and as one of Newsweek's \"New Ivies\".\nColgate is located on a rural 575 acre campus in the Central New York town of Hamilton Colgate is a member of the Patriot League conference of the NCAA Division I.
/m/069vt	Qantas is the flag carrier airline of Australia. The name was originally \"QANTAS\", an acronym for \"Queensland and Northern Territory Aerial Services\". Nicknamed \"The Flying Kangaroo\", Qantas is Australia's largest airline, and the second oldest in the world overall. The airline is based in the Qantas Centre in the suburb of Mascot in the City of Botany Bay in Sydney, with its main hub at Sydney Airport.\nQantas carries a 65% share of the Australian domestic market and carries 18.7% of all passengers travelling in and out of Australia.
/m/01n44c	Lena Mary Calhoun Horne was an African American singer, actress, civil rights activist and dancer.\nHorne joined the chorus of the Cotton Club at the age of sixteen and became a nightclub performer before moving to Hollywood, where she had small parts in numerous movies, and more substantial parts in the films Cabin in the Sky and Stormy Weather. Due to the Red Scare and her left-leaning political views, Horne found herself blacklisted and unable to get work in Hollywood.\nReturning to her roots as a nightclub performer, Horne took part in the March on Washington in August 1963, and continued to work as a performer, both in nightclubs and on television, while releasing well-received record albums. She announced her retirement in March 1980, but the next year starred in a one-woman show, Lena Horne: The Lady and Her Music, which ran for more than three hundred performances on Broadway and earned her numerous awards and accolades. She continued recording and performing sporadically into the 1990s, disappearing from the public eye in 2000.
/m/0235n9	Shrewsbury is the county town of Shropshire, in the West Midlands region of England. Lying on the River Severn, the town of Shrewsbury has a population of approximately 74,000 and is the primary settlement and headquarters of Shropshire Council. It is the second largest town in the ceremonial county of Shropshire, after Telford.\nShrewsbury is a historic market town with the town centre having a largely unaltered medieval street plan. The town features over 660 historic listed buildings, including several examples of timber framing from the 15th and 16th century. Shrewsbury Castle, a red sandstone castle fortification, and Shrewsbury Abbey, a former Benedictine monastery, were founded in 1074 and 1083 respectively, by the Norman Earl of Shrewsbury, Roger de Montgomery. The town hosts one of the oldest and largest horticultural events in the country, the Shrewsbury Flower Show, and is known for its floral displays, having won various awards since the turn of the 21st century, including Britain in Bloom in 2006.\nToday, 9 miles (14 km) east of the Welsh border, Shrewsbury serves as the commercial centre for the ceremonial county and a large area of mid-Wales, with retail output alone worth over £299 million per year. There are some light industry and distribution centres, such as Battlefield Enterprise Park, mainly on the outskirts. The A5 and A49 trunk roads cross near to the town, as do five separate railway lines at Shrewsbury railway station.
/m/0d6lp	San Francisco, officially the City and County of San Francisco, is the leading financial and cultural center of Northern California and the San Francisco Bay Area.\nThe only consolidated city-county in California, San Francisco encompasses a land area of about 46.9 square miles on the northern end of the San Francisco Peninsula, giving it a density of about 17,620 people per square mile. It is the most densely settled large city in the state of California and the second-most densely populated major city in the United States after New York City. San Francisco is the fourth most populous city in California, after Los Angeles, San Diego and San Jose, and the 14th most populous city in the United States—with a Census-estimated 2012 population of 825,863. The city is also the financial and cultural hub of the larger San Jose-San Francisco-Oakland combined statistical area, with a population of 8.4 million.\nSan Francisco was founded on June 29, 1776, when colonists from Spain established a fort at the Golden Gate and a mission named for St. Francis of Assisi a few miles away. The California Gold Rush of 1849 brought rapid growth, making it the largest city on the West Coast at the time. Due to the growth of its population, San Francisco became a consolidated city-county in 1856. After three-quarters of the city was destroyed by the 1906 earthquake and fire, San Francisco was quickly rebuilt, hosting the Panama-Pacific International Exposition nine years later. During World War II, San Francisco was the port of embarkation for service members shipping out to the Pacific Theater. After the war, the confluence of returning servicemen, massive immigration, liberalizing attitudes, and other factors led to the Summer of Love and the gay rights movement, cementing San Francisco as a center of liberal activism in the United States.
/m/01p726	Middletown is a city located in Middlesex County, Connecticut, along the Connecticut River, in the central part of the state, 16 miles south of Hartford. In 1650, it was incorporated as a town under its original Indian name, Mattabeseck. It received its present name in 1653. In 1784, the central settlement was incorporated as a city distinct from the town. In 1923, the City of Middletown was consolidated with the Town, making the city limits of the city quite extensive. Originally a busy sailing port and then an industrial center, it is now largely residential with its downtown serving as a college town for Wesleyan University. Middletown was the county seat of Middlesex County from its creation in 1785 until the elimination of county government in 1960. As of the 2010 census, the city had a total population of 47,648. Middletown, Connecticut is considered the southernmost city in the Hartford-Springfield Knowledge Corridor Metropolitan Region, which features a combined metro population of 1.9 million.
/m/02lgj6	Daniel \"Dan\" Grimaldi is an American actor who is known for his roles as twins Philly and Patsy Parisi on the HBO TV series, The Sopranos.
/m/0170yd	Affliction is an American drama film produced in 1997, written and directed by Paul Schrader from the novel by Russell Banks. It stars Nick Nolte, Sissy Spacek, James Coburn and Willem Dafoe.\nAffliction tells the story of Wade Whitehouse, a small-town policeman in New Hampshire. Detached from the people around him, including a dominating father and a divorced wife, he becomes obsessed with the solving of a fatal hunting accident, leading to a series of tragic events.
/m/013w7j	Sean John Combs (born November 4, 1969),[1] currently known by his stage name Diddy, is an American record producer, rapper, actor, and men's fashion designer. He won three Grammy Awards and two MTV Video Music Awards, and his clothing line earned a Council of Fashion Designers of America award.
/m/09qgm	Snowboarding or board snowing is a winter sport that involves descending a slope that is covered with snow while standing on a board attached to a rider's feet, using a special boot set into a mounted binding.\nThe development of snowboarding was inspired by skateboarding, sledding, surfing and skiing. It was developed in the United States in the 1960s and became a Winter Olympic Sport in 1998.
/m/02d478	21 Grams is a 2003 American drama film directed by Mexican director Alejandro González Iñárritu and written by Guillermo Arriaga. It stars Sean Penn, Naomi Watts, Danny Huston, Charlotte Gainsbourg, and Benicio del Toro.\nLike Arriaga's and González Iñárritu's previous film, Amores perros, 21 Grams interweaves several plot lines, around the consequences of a tragic automobile accident. Penn plays a critically ill academic mathematician, Watts plays a grief-stricken mother, and del Toro plays a born-again Christian ex-convict whose faith is sorely tested in the aftermath of the accident.\n21 Grams is presented in a non-linear arrangement where the lives of the characters are depicted before and after the accident. The three main characters each have 'past', 'present', and 'future' story threads, which are shown as non-linear fragments that punctuate elements of the overall story, all imminently coming toward each other and coalescing as the story progresses.
/m/02k9k9	Verein für Leibesübungen Bochum 1848 Fußballgemeinschaft, commonly referred to as simply VfL Bochum, is a German association football club based in the city of Bochum, North Rhine-Westphalia.
/m/01j2_7	Neuilly-sur-Seine is a commune in the western suburbs of Paris, France. It is located 6.8 km from the centre of Paris.\nAlthough Neuilly is technically a suburb of Paris, it is immediately adjacent to the city and directly extends it. The area is composed of mostly wealthy, select residential neighbourhoods, as well as the headquarters of many corporations. It is often lumped together with some areas of the neighbouring 16th arrondissement of Paris as Auteuil-Neuilly-Passy, a compendium of \"bourgeois\" neighbourhoods in Paris. Neuilly is often considered as the richest of the 129 communes with over 20,000 inhabitants in France, at €55,786 per person.
/m/028dcg	A Bachelor of Fine Arts is the standard undergraduate degree for students in the United States and Canada seeking a professional education in the visual or performing arts. In some countries such a degree is called a Bachelor of Creative Arts. In Great Britain the equivalent degree is the Bachelor of Arts in Fine Arts. In Australia the Bachelor of Fine Arts is awarded to students completing a degree in visual and performing arts. Specific degrees such as the Bachelor of Dance or Bachelor of Drama are used by some performing arts institutions in Australia and much of Europe. In India a Fine Arts undergraduate degree is known as a BFA or BVA. It is a four-year degree.\nIn the United States the Bachelor of Fine Arts degree differs from a Bachelor of Arts degree in that the majority of the program consists of a practical studio component, as contrasted with lecture and discussion classes. A typical BFA program in the United States consists of two-thirds study in the arts, with one-third in more general liberal arts studies. For a BA in Art, the ratio might be reversed.\nThe National Association of Schools of Art and Design, which accredits Bachelor of Fine Arts programs in visual art and design in the United States, states that \"the professional degree focuses on intensive work in the visual arts supported by a program of general studies,\" whereas \"the liberal arts degree focuses on art and design in the context of a broad program of general studies.\"
/m/0gx1bnj	Seeking a Friend for the End of the World is a 2012 comedy-drama film written and directed by Lorene Scafaria, in her directorial debut. The film stars Steve Carell and Keira Knightley.The title and plot are a reference to a track on Chris Cornell's 1999 album, Euphoria Morning, called \"Preaching the End of the World\".
/m/06kl78	Crash is a 1996 Canadian-British psychological thriller film written and directed by David Cronenberg based on J. G. Ballard's 1973 novel of the same name. It tells the story of a group of people who take sexual pleasure from car accidents, a notable form of paraphilia. The film stars James Spader, Deborah Kara Unger, Elias Koteas, Holly Hunter, and Rosanna Arquette.\nThe film generated considerable controversy on its release and opened to mixed and highly divergent reactions from critics. While some praised the film for its daring premise and originality, others criticized its combination of graphic sexuality with violence. Although it was nominated for the Golden Palm at the 1996 Cannes Film Festival, it instead won the Special Jury Prize. The film's music score was composed by Howard Shore.
/m/02p97	JavaScript is a dynamic computer programming language. It is most commonly used as part of web browsers, whose implementations allow client-side scripts to interact with the user, control the browser, communicate asynchronously, and alter the document content that is displayed. It is also being used in server-side programming, game development and the creation of desktop and mobile applications.\nJavaScript is a prototype-based scripting language with dynamic typing and has first-class functions. Its syntax was influenced by C. JavaScript copies many names and naming conventions from Java, but the two languages are otherwise unrelated and have very different semantics. The key design principles within JavaScript are taken from the Self and Scheme programming languages. It is a multi-paradigm language, supporting object-oriented, imperative, and functional programming styles.\nThe application of JavaScript to use outside of web pages—for example, in PDF documents, site-specific browsers, and desktop widgets—is also significant. Newer and faster JavaScript VMs and platforms built upon them have also increased the popularity of JavaScript for server-side web applications. On the client side, JavaScript was traditionally implemented as an interpreted language but just-in-time compilation is now performed by recent browsers.
/m/046f25	The Grenada national football team is the national team of Grenada and is controlled by the Grenada Football Association. It is affiliated to the Caribbean Football Union of CONCACAF. The team is nicknamed The Spice Boys, a reference to the export of nutmeg from the country. They are managed by Alister De Bellotte.\nGrenada has never qualified for the World Cup but have finished second in the Caribbean Cup in 1989 and 2008. Their second-place finish in the 2008 Caribbean Cup gave Grenada its first qualification to a major international competition, that being the 2009 CONCACAF Gold Cup.
/m/025mb_	Betty Marion White is an American actress, comedian, presenter, singer, author, and television personality. In 2013, the Guinness World Records awarded White with having the longest television career for a female entertainer. To contemporary audiences, White is best known for her television roles as Sue Ann Nivens on The Mary Tyler Moore Show and Rose Nylund on The Golden Girls. Since the death of co-star Rue McClanahan in 2010, she is the only surviving Golden Girl. She currently stars as Elka Ostrovsky in the TV Land sitcom Hot in Cleveland, for which she has won two consecutive Screen Actors Guild Awards. She also hosted NBC's practical-joke show Betty White's Off Their Rockers, which resulted in two Emmy nominations.\nRegarded as a television pioneer for being one of the first women in television to have creative control in front of and behind the camera, White has gone on to win six Emmy Awards, receiving 20 Emmy nominations over her career, including being the first woman to receive an Emmy for game show hosting and is the only woman to have won an Emmy in all performing comedic categories. In May 2010, White became the oldest person to guest-host Saturday Night Live, for which she received a Primetime Emmy Award. White also holds the record for longest span between Emmy nominations for performances—her first was in 1951 and her most recent was in 2012, a span of 61 years—and has become the oldest nominee as of 2013, aged 91. She is also the oldest winner of a competitive Grammy Award, which she won in 2012.
/m/016lv3	Jonathan Lynn is an English film director, comedy writer and actor. He is known for directing comedy films like Nuns on the Run and My Cousin Vinny, and for earlier co-creating and co-writing the TV series Yes Minister and Yes, Prime Minister.
/m/069_0y	Andrew Lau Wai-Keung is a Hong Kong film director, cinematographer and producer. Lau began his career in the 1980s and 1990s, serving as a cinematographer to filmmakers such as Ringo Lam, Wong Jing and Wong Kar-wai. In the 1990s, Lau decided to have more creative freedom as a cinematographer by becoming a film director and producer. Apart from making films in his native Hong Kong, Lau has also made films in China, Korea and the United States. A highly prolific filmmaker, Lau has made films in a variety of genres, and is most notable in the West for his action and crime films which include the Young and Dangerous film series, and the Infernal Affairs trilogy.
/m/0d2mh7	The Bagrationi Royal Dynasty ruled Georgia from the Middle Ages until the early 19th century, being among the oldest extant Christian royal dynasties in the world. In modern usage, this royal line is often referred to as the Georgian Bagratids, also known in English as the Bagrations.\nThe origin of the Bagrationi dynasty is disputed, as well as the time when they first appeared on Georgian soil. The history of the dynasty is inextricably bound with that of Georgia. Their ancestors began their rule, in the early 9th century, as reigning princes in historic southwestern Georgia and the adjacent Georgian marchlands reconquered from Arabs. Subsequently they restored, in 888, the Georgian kingdom, which prospered from the 11th to the 13th century, bringing several regional polities under its control. This period of time, particularly the reigns of David IV and his great granddaughter Tamar, is celebrated as a \"golden age\" in the history of Georgia, the era of empire, military exploits, and remarkable achievements in culture.\nAfter fragmentation of the unified Kingdom of Georgia in the late 15th century, the branches of the Bagrationi dynasty ruled the three breakaway Georgian kingdoms: Kingdom of Kartli, Kingdom of Kakheti and Kingdom of Imereti until Russian annexation in the early 19th century. The dynasty persisted in exile as an Imperial Russian noble family until the 1917 February Revolution. The establishment of the Soviet rule in Georgia in 1921 forced some members of the family to accept demoted status and loss of property in Georgia, others relocated to Western Europe, although some repatriated after Georgian independence in 1991.
/m/0152cw	Jewel Kilcher, professionally known as Jewel, is an American singer-songwriter, guitarist, producer, actress, and poet. She has received four Grammy Award nominations and has sold over 27 million albums worldwide.\nJewel's debut album, Pieces of You, released on February 28, 1995, became one of the best-selling debut albums of all time, going 15 times platinum. One single from the album, \"Who Will Save Your Soul\", peaked at number eleven on the Billboard Hot 100; two others, \"You Were Meant for Me\" and \"Foolish Games\", reached number seven and two respectively on the Hot 100, and were listed on Billboard's 1997 year-end singles chart, as well as Billboard's 1998 year-end singles chart. She has crossed several genres throughout her career. Perfectly Clear, her first country album, was released on The Valory Music Co. in 2008. It debuted atop Billboard's Top Country Albums chart and featured three singles, \"Stronger Woman\", \"I Do\", and \"Til It Feels Like Cheating\". Jewel released her first independent album Lullaby in May 2009.\nJewel is the co-host, as well as a judge, with Kara DioGuardi on the songwriting competition reality television series Platinum Hit, which premiered May 30, 2011 on the cable network Bravo. Jewel has the vocal range of a lyric soprano. On July 2, 2013, NBC announced that Jewel would be a judge on the fourth season of the a cappella competition The Sing-Off.
/m/06_kh	Santa Monica is a beachfront city in western Los Angeles County, California, United States. The city is named after the Christian saint, Monica. Situated on Santa Monica Bay, it is bordered on three sides by the city of Los Angeles – Pacific Palisades on the northwest, Brentwood on the north, West Los Angeles on the northeast, Mar Vista on the east, and Venice on the southeast. Santa Monica is home to many Hollywood celebrities and executives and is a mixture of affluent single-family neighborhoods, renters, surfers, professionals, and students. The Census Bureau 2010 population for Santa Monica is 89,736.\nPartly because of its agreeable climate, Santa Monica had become a famed resort town by the early 20th century. The city has experienced a boom since the late 1980s through the revitalization of its downtown core and much new build in the 2010s, with significant job growth and increased tourism.
/m/02js_6	Elmore Rual \"Rip\" Torn, Jr., is an American actor of stage, screen and television.\nTorn received an Academy Award nomination as Best Supporting Actor for his role in the 1983 film Cross Creek. His work includes the role of Artie, the producer, on The Larry Sanders Show, for which he was nominated for six Emmy Awards, winning in 1996. Torn also won an American Comedy Award for Funniest Supporting Male in a Series, and two CableACE Awards for his work on the show, and was nominated for a Satellite Award in 1997 as well.
/m/02m501	Philip Andre \"Mickey\" Rourke Jr. is an American actor, screenwriter, and retired boxer, who has appeared primarily as a leading man in action, drama, and thriller films.\nDuring the 1980s Rourke starred in Diner, Rumble Fish, and the erotic drama 9½ Weeks, and received critical praise for his work in Barfly and Angel Heart. In 1991 Rourke, who had trained as a boxer in his early years, left acting and became a professional boxer for a time. He had supporting roles in several later films, including The Rainmaker, Buffalo '66, The Pledge, Get Carter, Spun, Once Upon a Time in Mexico and Man on Fire.\nIn 2005 Rourke made his comeback in mainstream Hollywood circles with a lead role in Sin City, for which he won awards from the Chicago Film Critics Association, the Irish Film and Television Awards, and the Online Film Critics Society. In the 2008 film The Wrestler, Rourke portrayed a past-his-prime wrestler, and received a 2009 Golden Globe award, a BAFTA award, and a nomination for an Academy Award. In 2010 he appeared in Iron Man 2 and The Expendables.
/m/0jq2r	Last of the Summer Wine is a British sitcom written by Roy Clarke that was initially broadcast on BBC1. Last of the Summer Wine premiered as an episode of Comedy Playhouse on 4 January 1973 and the first series of episodes followed on 12 November 1973. From 1983 to 2010, Alan J. W. Bell produced and directed all episodes of the show. The BBC confirmed on 2 June 2010 that Last of the Summer Wine would no longer be produced and the 31st series would be its last. Subsequently, the final episode was broadcast on 29 August 2010. Repeats of the show are broadcast in the UK on Gold, Yesterday and Drama. It is also seen in more than twenty-five countries, including various PBS stations in the United States and on VisionTV in Canada. Last of the Summer Wine is the longest-running comedy programme in Britain and the longest-running sitcom in the world.\nLast of the Summer Wine was set and filmed in and around Holmfirth, West Yorkshire, England and centred on a trio of older men and their youthful antics; the membership of the trio changed several times over the years. The original trio consisted of Bill Owen as the scruffy and childlike William \"Compo\" Simmonite, Peter Sallis as deep-thinking and meek Norman Clegg and Michael Bates as authoritarian and snobbish Cyril Blamire. When Bates dropped out due to illness in 1976 after two series, the role of the third man of the trio was filled in various years up to the 30th series by the quirky war veteran Walter \"Foggy\" Dewhurst, who had two lengthy stints in the series, the eccentric inventor Seymour Uttherthwaite, and former police officer Herbert \"Truly of The Yard\" Truelove. The men never seem to grow up, and they develop a unique perspective on their equally eccentric fellow townspeople through their stunts. Although in its early years the series generally revolved around the exploits of the main trio, with occasional interaction with a few recurring characters, over time the cast grew to include a variety of supporting characters and by later years the series was very much an ensemble piece. Each of these recurring characters contributed their own running jokes and subplots to the show and often becoming unwillingly involved in the schemes of the trio, or on occasion having their own, separate storylines.
/m/03wxvk	The Province of Como is a province in the north of the Lombardy region of Italy and borders the Swiss cantons of Ticino and Grigioni to the North, the Italian provinces of Sondrio and Lecco to the East, the Province of Milan to the south and the Province of Varese to the West. The city of Como is its capital — other large towns, with more than 10,000 inhabitants, are Cantù, Erba, Mariano Comense and Olgiate Comasco. Campione d'Italia also belongs to the province and is enclaved in the Swiss canton of Ticino.\nAs of December 31, 2011, the main commune by population are:\nThe Bergamo Alps and some hills cover the territory of the province, and the most important body of water is the glacial Lake Como. Como is also famous because it is the city of Alessandro Volta, inventor of the electric battery in 1800.
/m/04ydr95	The Book of Eli is a 2010 American post-apocalyptic neo-Western and action film directed by the Hughes brothers, written by Gary Whitta, and starring Denzel Washington, Gary Oldman, Mila Kunis, Ray Stevenson, and Jennifer Beals.\nThe story revolves around Eli, a nomad in a post-apocalyptic world, who is told by a voice to deliver his copy of a mysterious book to a safe location on the West Coast of the United States. The history of the post-war world is explained along the way, as is the importance of Eli's task. Filming began in February 2009 and took place in New Mexico.\nThe film was released in theaters in January 2010. Alcon Entertainment financed and co-produced the film with Silver Pictures, while it was distributed by Warner Bros. in the US; international sales were handled by Summit Entertainment
/m/012hw	Assassination is the murder of a prominent person or political figure by a surprise attack, usually for payment or political reasons.\nAn assassination may be prompted by religious, ideological, political, or military motives; it is an act that may be done for financial gain, to avenge a grievance, from a desire to acquire fame or notoriety, or because of a military or security services command to carry out the murder.
/m/04fcx7	Adam McKay is an American screenwriter, director, comedian, and actor. McKay has a comedy partnership with Will Ferrell, with whom he co-wrote the films Anchorman, Talladega Nights, and The Other Guys. Ferrell and McKay also founded their comedy website Funny or Die through their production company Gary Sanchez Productions.
/m/0dvqq	Green Day is an American punk rock band formed in 1987. The band consists of lead vocalist and guitarist Billie Joe Armstrong, bassist and backing vocalist Mike Dirnt, drummer Tré Cool and guitarist and backing vocalist Jason White, who became a full member after playing in the band as a session and touring guitarist for 13 years. Cool replaced former drummer John Kiffmeyer in 1990, prior to the recording of the band's second studio album, Kerplunk.\nGreen Day was originally part of the punk scene at the DIY 924 Gilman Street club in Berkeley, California. The band's early releases were from the independent record label Lookout! Records. In 1994, its major label debut Dookie released through Reprise Records became a breakout success and eventually sold over 10 million copies in the U.S. Green Day was widely credited, alongside fellow California punk bands Sublime, Bad Religion, The Offspring and Rancid, with popularizing and reviving mainstream interest in punk rock in the United States.\nGreen Day's three follow-up albums, Insomniac, Nimrod, and Warning did not achieve the massive success of Dookie, though they were still successful, with Insomniac and Nimrod reaching double platinum and Warning reaching gold status. The band's rock opera, American Idiot, reignited the band's popularity with a younger generation, selling five million copies in the United States. The band's eighth studio album, 21st Century Breakdown, was released in 2009 which achieved the band's best chart performance to date. In 2012, 21st Century Breakdown was followed up by a trilogy of albums called ¡Uno!, ¡Dos!, and ¡Tré! released on September, November and December 2012 respectively.
/m/0jcmj	Weber County is a county located in the U.S. state of Utah. As of the 2010 census, the population was 231,236. Its county seat and largest city is Ogden.\nWeber State University, founded in 1889, is located in Ogden.\nThe county was formed on March 3, 1852 and named after the Weber River, which in turn was named for John Henry Weber, a fur trapper and trader in the area in the mid-1820s. Historically Weber County stretched from the California, Oregon, Utah Territory border in the north west, to the current boundary in the south east. As Nevada and the State of Utah evolved, Weber County shrunk to its current size. It currently occupies a stretch of the Wasatch Front, part of the eastern shores of Great Salt Lake, and much of the rugged Wasatch Mountains.\nWeber County is part of the Ogden–Clearfield Metropolitan Statistical Area as well as the Salt Lake City–Ogden–Clearfield Combined Statistical Area.
/m/01l4zqz	Joshua Redman is an American jazz saxophonist and composer.\nIn 1991, he won the Thelonious Monk International Jazz Saxophone Competition.
/m/02vtnf	Stanley Donen is an American film director and choreographer whose most celebrated works are Singin' in the Rain and On the Town, both of which he co-directed with actor and dancer Gene Kelly. His other noteworthy films include Royal Wedding, Seven Brides for Seven Brothers, Funny Face, Indiscreet, Damn Yankees!, Charade, and Two for the Road. He received an Honorary Academy Award in 1998 for his body of work and a Career Golden Lion from the Venice Film Festival in 2004. He was hailed by film critic David Quinlan as \"the King of the Hollywood musicals\". Donen married five times and had three children. His current long term partner is film director and comedian Elaine May.\nHe began his career in the chorus line on Broadway for director George Abbott, where he befriended Kelly. In 1943 he went to Hollywood and worked as a choreographer before he and Kelly made On the Town in 1949. He then worked as a contract director for MGM under producer Arthur Freed producing hit films amid critical acclaim, both as a solo director and with Kelly. In 1952 Donen and Kelly co-directed the musical Singin' in the Rain, regarded as one of the greatest films ever made. Donen's relationship with Kelly deteriorated in 1955 during their final collaboration on It's Always Fair Weather. He then broke his contract with MGM to become an independent producer in 1957. As musicals began to lose public appeal, Donen switched to comedies. He continued to make hit films until the late 1960s, after which his career slowed down. He briefly returned to the stage as a director in the 1990s and again in 2002.
/m/02khs	Eritrea, officially the State of Eritrea, is a country in the Horn of Africa. Eritrea is the Italian form of the Greek name Ἐρυθραία, meaning \"red [land]\". With its capital at Asmara, it is bordered by Sudan to the west, Ethiopia in the south, and Djibouti in the east. The northeastern and eastern parts of Eritrea have an extensive coastline along the Red Sea, across from Saudi Arabia and Yemen. The nation has a total area of approximately 117,600 km², and includes the Dahlak Archipelago and several of the Hanish Islands.\nEritrea is a multi-ethnic country, with nine recognized ethnic groups. It has a population of around six million inhabitants. Most residents speak Afro-Asiatic languages, either of the Semitic or Cushitic branches. Among these communities, the Tigrinya make up about 55% of the population, with the Tigre constituting around 30% of inhabitants. In addition, there are a number of Nilo-Saharan-speaking Nilotic ethnic minorities. Most people in the territory adhere to Christianity or Islam.\nThe Kingdom of Aksum, covering much of modern-day Eritrea and northern Ethiopia, rose somewhere around the first or second centuries and adopted Christianity shortly after its formation. In medieval times much of Eritrea fell under the Medri Bahri Kingdom, with a smaller region being part of the Hamasien Republic. The creation of modern day Eritrea is a result of the incorporation of independent Kingdoms and various vassal states of the Ethiopian empire and the Ottoman Empire, eventually resulting in the formation of Italian Eritrea. In 1947 Eritrea gained its independence from European powers and became part of a federation with Ethiopia, the Federation of Ethiopia and Eritrea. Subsequent annexation by Ethiopia led to the Eritrean War of Independence, ending with Eritrean independence in 1991.
/m/0jm9w	The Indiana Pacers are a professional basketball team based in Indianapolis, Indiana. They are members of the Central Division in the Eastern Conference of the National Basketball Association. The Pacers were first established in 1967 as members of the American Basketball Association and became members of the NBA in 1976 as a result of the ABA-NBA merger. They play their home games at Bankers Life Fieldhouse.\nThe Pacers have had great success since being established. They have contended in the playoffs for various years. They were, in fact referred to as a dynasty in the ABA. They have won three championships, all in the ABA. The Pacers were Eastern Conference champions in 2000. The team has won eight division titles. Five Hall of Fame players - Reggie Miller, Chris Mullin, Alex English, Mel Daniels, and Roger Brown - played with the Pacers for multiple seasons.
/m/03h_fk5	John R. \"Johnny\" Cash was an American singer-songwriter, actor, and author who was considered one of the most influential musicians of the 20th century. Although he is primarily remembered as a country icon, his songs and sound spanned other genres including rock and roll and rockabilly—especially early in his career—and blues, folk, and gospel. This crossover appeal won Cash the rare honor of induction in the Country Music Hall of Fame, the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, and the Gospel Music Hall of Fame.\nCash was known for his deep, distinctive bass-baritone voice, for the \"boom-chicka-boom\" sound of his Tennessee Three backing band; for a rebelliousness, coupled with an increasingly somber and humble demeanor; for providing free concerts inside prison walls; and for his dark performance clothing, which earned him the nickname \"The Man in Black\". He traditionally began his concerts with the phrase \"Hello, I'm Johnny Cash.\", followed by his standard \"Folsom Prison Blues\".\nMuch of Cash's music echoed themes of sorrow, moral tribulation and redemption, especially in the later stages of his career. His best-known songs included \"I Walk the Line\", \"Folsom Prison Blues\", \"Ring of Fire\", \"Get Rhythm\" and \"Man in Black\". He also recorded humorous numbers like \"One Piece at a Time\" and \"A Boy Named Sue\"; a duet with his future wife, June Carter, called \"Jackson\"; and railroad songs including \"Hey, Porter\" and \"Rock Island Line\". During the last stage of his career, Cash covered songs by several late 20th-century rock artists, most notably \"Hurt\" by Nine Inch Nails.
/m/01gvyp	Estelle Louise Fletcher, is an American film and television actress. She initially debuted in television series such as Maverick in 1959 before being cast in Robert Altman's Thieves Like Us. The following year, Fletcher gained international recognition for her performance as Nurse Ratched in the 1975 film One Flew over the Cuckoo's Nest, for which she won the Academy Award for Best Actress, BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role and Golden Globe Award for Best Actress. Other notable film roles include Brainstorm, Firestarter, Flowers in the Attic, 2 Days in the Valley, and Cruel Intentions.\nLater into her career, Fletcher returned to television, appearing as Kai Winn Adami in Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, as well as receiving Emmy nominations for her guest starring roles in Picket Fences and Joan of Arcadia. Most recently, Fletcher has appeared in a recurring role on the Showtime television series Shameless in 2011 and 2012, as Frank Gallagher's foul-mouthed and hard-living mother who is serving a prison sentence for manslaughter.
/m/0dln8jk	The Hangover Part II is a 2011 American comedy film produced by Legendary Pictures and distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures. It is the sequel to 2009's The Hangover and the second film in The Hangover franchise. Todd Phillips directed the film in addition to co-authoring the script with Craig Mazin, and Scot Armstrong. The film stars Bradley Cooper, Ed Helms, Zach Galifianakis, Ken Jeong, Jeffrey Tambor, Justin Bartha and Paul Giamatti. The Hangover Part II tells the story of Phil, Stu, Alan, and Doug as they travel to Thailand for Stu's wedding. After the bachelor party in Las Vegas, Stu takes no chances and opts for a safe, subdued pre-wedding brunch. Things do not go as planned, resulting in another bad hangover with no memories of the previous night.\nDevelopment of The Hangover Part II began in April 2009, two months before The Hangover was released. The principal actors were cast in March 2010 to reprise their roles from the first film. Production began in October 2010, in Ontario, California, before moving on location in Thailand. The film was released on May 26, 2011 and, despite receiving mostly negative reviews from critics, it became the highest-grossing R-rated comedy during its theatrical run. A third and final film, The Hangover Part III, was released May 23, 2013.
/m/0b_6xf	The 1994 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament involved 64 schools playing in single-elimination play to determine the national champion of men's NCAA Division I college basketball. It began on March 17, 1994, and ended with the championship game on April 4 in Charlotte, North Carolina, played at Charlotte Coliseum. A total of 63 games were played.\nThe Final Four consisted of Arkansas, making their fifth trip and first since 1990, Arizona, making their second ever trip and first since 1988, Florida, making their first ever trip, and Duke, making their sixth trip in the last seven tournaments.\nIn the national championship game, Arkansas defeated Duke by a score of 76-72 and won their first ever national championship.\nCorliss Williamson of Arkansas was named the tournament's Most Outstanding Player.\nBill Clinton, President of the United States and former governor of Arkansas, was in attendance for the Final Four, as well as the regionals that were held in Dallas the previous week.
/m/046mxj	Ronald Dowl Moore is an American screenwriter and television producer. He is best known for his work on Star Trek and the re-imagined Battlestar Galactica television series, for which he won a Peabody Award.
/m/01b1nk	Dunfermline is a town and former Royal Burgh in Fife, Scotland, on high ground 3 miles from the northern shore of the Firth of Forth. The 2011 census established that Dunfermline has a population of 49,706, making it the second-largest settlement in Fife.\nThe area around Dunfermline became home to the first settlers in the Neolithic period, but did not gain recognition until the Bronze Age as a place of importance. The town was first recorded in the 11th century, with the marriage of Malcolm III, King of Scotland, and Saint Margaret at the church in Dunfermline. As his Queen consort, Margaret established a new church dedicated to the Holy Trinity, which evolved into an Abbey under their son, David I in 1128. Following the burial of Alexander I, the abbey graveyard confirmed its status as the mausoleum of Scotland's kings and queens.\nThe town is a major service centre for west Fife. Dunfermline retains much of its historic significance and provides numerous retail and leisure facilities. Carnegie College also have a campus at Halbeath. Employment is focused in the service sector, with the largest employer being BSKYB. Other large employers in the town include Amazon, HBOS, Taylor Wimpey, Dunfermline Building Society and CR Smith, FMC Technologies.
/m/050xxm	Corpse Bride, often referred to as Tim Burton's Corpse Bride, is a 2005 stop-motion-animated fantasy film directed by Mike Johnson and Tim Burton. The plot is set in a fictional Victorian era village in Europe. Johnny Depp led an all-star cast as the voice of Victor, while Helena Bonham Carter voiced Emily, the title character. Corpse Bride is the third stop-motion feature film produced by Burton and the first directed by him. This is also the first stop-motion feature from Burton that was distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures. It was dedicated to Joe Ranft who died during production.\nThe film was nominated in the 78th Academy Awards for Best Animated Feature, but was beaten by Wallace & Gromit: The Curse of the Were-Rabbit, which also starred Helena Bonham Carter. It was shot with a battery of Canon EOS-1D Mark II digital SLRs, rather than the 35mm film cameras used for Burton's previous stop-motion film The Nightmare Before Christmas.
/m/06npd	The Slovak Republic is a landlocked state in Central Europe. It has a population of over five million and an area of about 49,000 square kilometres. Slovakia is bordered by the Czech Republic and Austria to the west, Poland to the north, Ukraine to the east and Hungary to the south. The largest city is the capital, Bratislava, and the second largest is Košice. Slovakia is a member state of the European Union, NATO, United Nations, OECD and WTO among others. The official language is Slovak, a member of the Slavic language family.\nThe Slavs - ancestors of the Slovaks - arrived in the territory of present-day Slovakia in the 5th and 6th centuries during the migration period. In the 7th century, Slavs inhabiting this territory played a significant role in the creation of Samo's Empire, historically the first Slavic state which had its center in Western Slovakia. During the 9th century, Slavic ancestors of the Slovaks established another political entity, the Principality of Nitra, which later together with the Principality of Moravia, formed Great Moravia. After the 10th century the territory of today's Slovakia was gradually integrated into the Kingdom of Hungary, which itself became part of the Austro-Hungarian Empire or Habsburg Empire. After WWI and the dissolution of the Austro-Hungarian Empire, the nation of Slovaks and Czechs established their mutual state - Czechoslovakia. A separate Slovak state existed during World War II and was a client state of Nazi Germany. In 1945 Czechoslovakia was reestablished. The present-day Slovakia became an independent state on 1 January 1993 after the peaceful dissolution of Czechoslovakia.
/m/01m15br	Christopher Scott Thile is an American musician, best known as the mandolinist and a singer for the progressive acoustic trio Nickel Creek and acoustic folk/progressive bluegrass quintet Punch Brothers. He is a 2012 MacArthur Fellow.
/m/015nhn	Glenda May Jackson, CBE is a British Labour Party politician and former actress. She first became a Member of Parliament in 1992, and currently represents Hampstead and Kilburn.\nAs a professional actress from the late 1950s, she spent four years as a member of the Royal Shakespeare Company from 1964, being particularly associated with the work of director Peter Brook. During her film career, she won two Academy Awards for Best Actress: for Women in Love and A Touch of Class. She appeared in several other award winning performances such as Alex in the film Sunday Bloody Sunday and the BBC television serial Elizabeth R; for the latter she received an Emmy.\nBefore 2010, Jackson was the MP for Hampstead and Highgate, and early in the government of Tony Blair served as a Junior Transport minister from 1997 to 1999, later becoming critical of Blair. After constituency boundary changes for the 2010 general election, her majority of 42 votes was one of the closest results of the entire election. She announced in 2011 that she will stand down as an MP at the next general election.
/m/05ys0ws	The 32nd annual Berlin International Film Festival was held from February 12 to February 23, 1982.
/m/0fpzzp	Linux is a Unix-like and POSIX-compliant computer operating system assembled under the model of free and open source software development and distribution. The defining component of Linux is the Linux kernel, an operating system kernel first released on 5 October 1991 by Linus Torvalds.\nLinux was originally developed as a free operating system for Intel x86-based personal computers. It has since been ported to more computer hardware platforms than any other operating system. It is a leading operating system on servers and other big iron systems such as mainframe computers and supercomputers: as of June 2013, more than 95% of the world's 500 fastest supercomputers run some variant of Linux, including all the 44 fastest. Linux also runs on embedded systems such as mobile phones, tablet computers, network routers, building automation controls, televisions and video game consoles; the Android system in wide use on mobile devices is built on the Linux kernel.\nThe development of Linux is one of the most prominent examples of free and open source software collaboration: the underlying source code may be used, modified, and distributed—commercially or non-commercially—by anyone under licenses such as the GNU General Public License. Typically, Linux is packaged in a format known as a Linux distribution for desktop and server use. Some popular mainstream Linux distributions include Debian, Ubuntu, Linux Mint, Fedora, Arch Linux, and the commercial Red Hat Enterprise Linux and SUSE Linux Enterprise Server. Linux distributions include the Linux kernel, supporting utilities and libraries and usually a large amount of application software to fulfill the distribution's intended use.
/m/06c0j	Ronald Wilson Reagan was the 40th President of the United States. Prior to his presidency, he served as the 33rd Governor of California, and was a radio, film and television actor.\nBorn in Tampico, Illinois, and raised in Dixon, Reagan was educated at Eureka College, earning a Bachelor of Arts degree in economics and sociology. After graduating, Reagan moved first to Iowa to work as a radio broadcaster and then, in 1937, to Los Angeles where he began a career as an actor, first in films and later television. Some of his most notable films include Knute Rockne, All American, Kings Row, and Bedtime for Bonzo. Reagan served as President of the Screen Actors Guild and later as a spokesman for General Electric; his start in politics occurred during his work for GE. Originally a member of the Democratic Party, his positions began shifting rightward in the 1950s, and he switched to the Republican Party in 1962.\nAfter delivering a rousing speech in support of Barry Goldwater's presidential candidacy in 1964, he was persuaded to seek the California governorship, winning two years later and again in 1970. He was defeated in his run for the Republican presidential nomination in 1968 and in 1976, but won both the nomination and general election in 1980, defeating incumbent Jimmy Carter.
/m/01rs59	Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers is a venture capital firm located on Sand Hill Road in Menlo Park in Silicon Valley. The Wall Street Journal and other media have called it one of the \"largest and most established\" venture capital firms and by Dealbook as \"one of Silicon Valley’s top venture capital providers\".\nKPCB specializes in investments in incubation and early stage companies. Since its founding in 1972, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers has backed entrepreneurs in more than 500 ventures including AOL, Amazon.com, Navigenics, Citrix, Compaq, Electronic Arts, Genentech, Genomic Health, Geron Corporation, Google, Intuit, Juniper Networks, Nebula, Netscape, Sun Microsystems, Symantec, Verisign, WebMD and Zynga. KPCB focuses its global investments in three practice areas – digital, greentech and life sciences.
/m/06npx	The sea, the world ocean, or simply the ocean, is the connected body of salty water that covers over 70 percent of the Earth's surface. It moderates the Earth's climate and has important roles in the water cycle, carbon cycle, and nitrogen cycle. Although the sea has been travelled and explored since ancient times, the scientific study of the sea—oceanography—dates broadly from the voyages of Captain James Cook who explored the Pacific Ocean between 1768 and 1779. In geography, \"sea\" is used in the names of smaller, partly landlocked sections of the ocean, for example the Irish Sea, while \"ocean\" is used in the names of the five largest sections, such as the Pacific Ocean.\nThe most abundant ions in sea water are chloride and sodium. The water also contains magnesium, sulfate, calcium, potassium, and many other components, some in minute concentrations. Salinity varies widely, being lower near the surface and the mouths of large rivers and higher in the depths of the ocean; however the relative proportions of dissolved salts vary little across the oceans. Carbon dioxide from the air is currently being absorbed by the sea in increasing amounts, lowering seawater pH in a process known as ocean acidification, which is likely to damage marine ecosystems in the near future.
/m/03f3yfj	Brandy Rayana Norwood, also known as Brandy or Bran'Nu, is an American recording artist and entertainer. Born into a musical family in McComb, Mississippi raised in Carson, California, she enrolled in performing arts schools as a child and performed as a backing vocalist for teen groups. In 1993, Norwood appeared in a supporting role on the short-lived ABC sitcom Thea and signed with Atlantic Records. The following year, she released her self-titled debut album; singles \"I Wanna Be Down\" and \"Baby\" peaked atop the Billboard Hot R&B Singles chart. Norwood starred in the UPN sitcom Moesha as the title character, which lasted six seasons and resulted in roles in the 1998 horror sequel, I Still Know What You Did Last Summer, and the TV films Cinderella and Double Platinum. She resumed her music career in 1998 with the widely successful duet with Monica, \"The Boy Is Mine\", and her second album, Never Say Never.\nThroughout the 2000s, Norwood experienced career and commercial turbulence. In 2002, she starred in the reality series Brandy: Special Delivery. Her third and fourth albums, Full Moon and Afrodisiac, were released to critical success. She served as a judge on the first season of America's Got Talent before being involved in a widely-publicized car accident in 2006. After several lawsuits stemming from the accident, Norwood's fifth album Human was released in 2008. In 2010, she returned to television as a contestant on the eleventh season of Dancing with the Stars and starred in the reality series Brandy & Ray J: A Family Business with younger brother Ray J. In 2011, she began a recurring role on Drop Dead Diva and released her sixth album, Two Eleven, the following year.
/m/05drr9	Seth Adam Meyers is an American actor, voice actor, screenwriter, producer, television host and comedian. He is a former head writer for NBC's Saturday Night Live and hosted its news parody segment Weekend Update. Meyers currently hosts the talk show Late Night with Seth Meyers, which premiered on Monday February 24, 2014, on NBC.
/m/069ld1	Desmond Harrington is an American actor. He is known for movies such as The Hole, Wrong Turn and Ghost Ship. He joined the cast of the Showtime series Dexter in its third season as Det. Joseph Quinn and appeared in a few episodes of Gossip Girl.
/m/0l786	George Campbell Scott was an American stage and film actor, director, and producer. He was best known for his stage work, as well as his portrayal of General George S. Patton in the film Patton, as General Buck Turgidson in Stanley Kubrick's Dr. Strangelove, and as Ebenezer Scrooge in Clive Donner's adaptation of A Christmas Carol. He was the first actor to reject the Academy Award for Best Actor. He had already warned the Academy beforehand that if he won, he would reject the award on the philosophical grounds that every great dramatic performance was unique and could not be compared to others.
/m/01k8q5	Emmanuel College is a constituent college of the University of Cambridge. The college was founded in 1584 by Sir Walter Mildmay, Chancellor of the Exchequer to Elizabeth I.\nSince 1998, Emmanuel has been among the top five colleges in the Tompkins Table, which ranks colleges according to end-of-year examination results. Emmanuel has topped the table five times since then and placed second six times.\nEmmanuel is one of the wealthier colleges at Cambridge with a financial endowment of approximately £105m and net assets of £150m.
/m/02jr6k	Frenzy is a 1972 British crime thriller film directed by Alfred Hitchcock. The penultimate feature film of his extensive career, it is often considered by critics and scholars to be his last great film before his death. The screenplay by Anthony Shaffer was based on the novel Goodbye Piccadilly, Farewell Leicester Square by Arthur La Bern.\nThe film stars Jon Finch, Alec McCowen, and Barry Foster and features Billie Whitelaw, Anna Massey, Barbara Leigh-Hunt, Bernard Cribbins and Vivien Merchant. The original music score was composed by Ron Goodwin.\nThe film was screened at the 1972 Cannes Film Festival, but was not entered into the main competition.\nThe plot centres on a serial killer in contemporary London. In a very early scene there is dialogue that mentions two actual London serial murder cases: the Christie murders in the early 1950s, and the Jack the Ripper murders in 1888.\nFrenzy was the third film Hitchcock made in Britain after he moved to Hollywood in 1939. The other two were Under Capricorn in 1949 and Stage Fright in 1950.
/m/017dcd	Mighty Morphin Power Rangers is an American live action children's television series that premiered on August 28, 1993, on the Fox Kids weekday afternoon block. The show is about a group of teenagers who were chosen to protect the world from a group of alien invaders and were given the ability to \"morph\" into super-powered warriors and to pilot giant robots called \"Zords.\" It was adapted and used stock footage from the Japanese television show Kyōryū Sentai Zyuranger, which was the 16th installment of Bandai Visual and Toei Company's Super Sentai franchise. Both the show and its related merchandise saw unbridled overnight success, becoming a staple of 1990s pop culture in mere months. Under the original name, \"Mighty Morphin Power Rangers,\" the series ran from 1993 to 1995 and spawned the feature film Mighty Morphin Power Rangers: The Movie.\nThe second and third seasons of the show drew on footage and elements from the Super Sentai series Gosei Sentai Dairanger and Ninja Sentai Kakuranger respectively, though the Zyuranger costumes were still used for the lead cast. Only the mecha and the Kiba Ranger costume were retained from Dairanger for the second season, while only the mecha from Kakuranger were featured in the third season. However the Kakuranger costumes were later used for the title characters of the mini-series, Mighty Morphin Alien Rangers. The series was produced by MMPR Productions, distributed by Saban Entertainment, and aired on Fox Kids. The show's merchandise was produced and distributed by Bandai Entertainment.
/m/027986c	The Los Angeles Film Critics Association Award for Best Actor is one of the annual awards given by the Los Angeles Film Critics Association.
/m/02pk6x	Famke Beumer Janssen is a Dutch actress, director, screenwriter, and former fashion model. She is best known for playing Xenia Onatopp in GoldenEye, Jean Grey/Phoenix in the X-Men film series, Ava Moore on Nip/Tuck, and Lenore Mills in Taken and its sequel, Taken 2. In 2008, she was appointed a Goodwill Ambassador for Integrity by United Nations. She made her directorial debut with Bringing Up Bobby in 2011.
/m/0fg_hg	Dalip Tahil is an Indian film, television and theatre actor. He did his schooling from the elite Sherwood College in Nainital, India. After attending Aligarh Muslim University for a year, he then Graduated from st. Xavier's College, Mumbai.
/m/019x4f	Carpentry is a skilled trade in which the primary work performed is the cutting, shaping and installation of building materials during the construction of buildings, ships, timber bridges, concrete formwork, etc. Carpenters traditionally worked with natural wood and did the rougher work such as framing, but today many other materials are also used and sometimes the finer trades of cabinetmaking and furniture building are considered carpentry. Carpentry in the United States is almost always done by men. With 98.5% of carpenters being male, it was the fourth most male-dominated occupation in the country in 1999, and there were about 1.5 million positions in 2006. Carpenters are usually the first tradesmen on a job and the last to leave. Carpenters normally framed post-and-beam buildings until the end of the 19th century; now this old fashioned carpentry is called timber framing. Carpenters learn this trade by being employed through an apprenticeship training—normally 4 years—and qualify by successfully completing that country's department of labour competency test in places such as the UK, USA and South Africa. It is also common that the skill can be learnt by gaining work experience other than a formal training program, which may be the case in many places.
/m/058cm	Mobile is the county seat of Mobile County, Alabama. The population within the city limits was 195,111 as of the 2010 United States Census, making it the third most populous city in the U.S. state of Alabama, the most populous in Mobile County, and the largest municipality on the Gulf Coast between New Orleans, Louisiana, and St. Petersburg, Florida.\nAlabama's only saltwater port, Mobile is located at the head of the Mobile Bay and the north-central Gulf Coast. The Port of Mobile has always played a key role in the economic health of the city beginning with the city as a key trading center between the French and Native Americans down to its current role as the 12th-largest port in the United States. Mobile is the principal municipality of the Mobile Metropolitan Statistical Area, a region of 412,992 residents which is composed solely of Mobile County and is the third-largest metropolitan statistical area in the state. Mobile is the largest city in the Mobile-Daphne−Fairhope CSA, with a total population of 604,726, the second largest in the state. As of 2011, the population within a 60 mile radius of Mobile is 1,262,907.
/m/01w92	Channel 4 is a British public-service television broadcaster which began transmission on 2 November 1982. Although largely commercially self-funded, it is ultimately publicly owned; originally a subsidiary of the Independent Broadcasting Authority, the station is now owned and operated by Channel Four Television Corporation, a public body established in 1990, coming into operation in 1993. With the conversion of the Wenvoe transmitter group in Wales to digital on 31 March 2010, Channel 4 became an entirely UK-wide TV channel for the first time.\nThe channel was established to provide a fourth television service to the United Kingdom in addition to the television licence-funded BBC's two services and the single commercial broadcasting network, ITV.
/m/036wy	Greater London is an administrative area, ceremonial county and the London region of England. It was created on 1 April 1965, comprising the City of London and 32 London boroughs, of which 12 are Inner London and 20 Outer London boroughs. The ceremonial county created at the same time, and used by the Lord Lieutenant of Greater London, does not include the City of London. The Greater London Authority, consisting of the Mayor of London and the London Assembly, headquartered in City Hall, has been responsible for strategic local government since 2000. Greater London occupies the same area as the London European Parliament constituency. It is at the first level of NUTS for statistical purposes, covers 1,572 km² and had a population of 8,174,000 at the 2011 census. It has by far the highest GVA per capita in the United Kingdom. The term Greater London was in use before 1965 to refer to various areas larger than the County of London such as the Metropolitan Police District.
/m/0bw6y	Barbara Stanwyck was an American actress. She was a film and television star, known during her 60-year career as a consummate and versatile professional with a strong, realistic screen presence, and a favorite of directors including Cecil B. DeMille, Fritz Lang and Frank Capra. After a short but notable career as a stage actress in the late 1920s, she made 85 films in 38 years in Hollywood, before turning to television.\nOrphaned at the age of four and partially raised in foster homes, by 1944 Stanwyck had become the highest-paid woman in the United States. She was nominated for the Academy Award four times, and won three Emmy Awards and a Golden Globe. She was the recipient of honorary lifetime awards from the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences in 1981, the American Film Institute in 1987, the Film Society of Lincoln Center, the Golden Globes, the Los Angeles Film Critics Association, and the Screen Actors Guild. Stanwyck has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame and is ranked as the 11th greatest female star of all time by the American Film Institute.
/m/02f6g5	50 First Dates is a 2004 American romantic comedy film directed by Peter Segal and written by George Wing. The film stars Adam Sandler as a woman-chasing veterinarian and Drew Barrymore as an amnesiac, along with Rob Schneider, Sean Astin, Lusia Strus, Blake Clark, and Dan Aykroyd.\nMost of the film was shot on location in Oahu, Hawaii on the Windward side and the North Shore. Sandler and Barrymore won an MTV award. This is the second of their two films to date as costars, the first being The Wedding Singer.\nThe fictitious memory impairment suffered by Barrymore's character, Goldfield's Syndrome, is similar to short term memory loss and Anterograde amnesia.
/m/0l38g	Tuolumne County, officially the County of Tuolumne, is a county in the Sierra Nevada region of the U.S. state of California. The northern half of Yosemite National Park is located in the eastern part of the county. As of the 2010 United States Census, the county's population was 55,365, up from 54,501 at the 2000 U.S. Census. The county seat is Sonora, which is the county's only incorporated city.
/m/07rlg	A triathlon is a multiple-stage competition involving the completion of three continuous and sequential endurance disciplines. While many variations of the sport exist, triathlon, in its most popular form, involves swimming, cycling, and running in immediate succession over various distances. Triathletes compete for fastest overall course completion time, including timed \"transitions\" between the individual swim, cycle, and run components. The word \"triathlon\" is of Greek origin from τρεις or treis and αθλος or athlos.\nTriathlon races vary in distance. According to the International Triathlon Union, and USA Triathlon, the main international race distances are:\nSprint Distance; 750 meters swim, 20 kilometers bike, 5 kilometers run\nIntermediate distance; commonly referred to as the \"Olympic distance\": 1.5 kilometers swim, 40 kilometers bike, 10 kilometers run\nLong Course; commonly referred to as 70.3 or the 'half-Ironman'; 1.9 kilometers swim, 90 kilometers bike, and a 21.1 kilometers run\nUltra Distance; commonly referred to as 140.6 or the 'Ironman'; 3.8 kilometers swim, 180.2 kilometers bike, and a full marathon: 42.2 kilometers run.
/m/016ndm	The University of Western Ontario, which is commonly referred to among Canadian universities as Western, is a public research university located in London, Ontario, Canada. The university's main campus covers 455 hectares of land, with the Thames River running through the eastern portion. Western administers a wide variety of academic programs between 12 faculties and professional schools and three affiliated university colleges.\nThe university was founded on 7 March 1878 by Bishop Isaac Hellmuth of the Anglican Diocese of Huron as \"The Western University of London Ontario.\" It incorporated Huron University College, which had been founded in 1863. The first four faculties were Arts, Divinity, Law and Medicine. The Western University of London was eventually made non-denominational in 1908.\nAccording to the 2012 Academic Ranking of World Universities rankings, the university ranked 201–300 in the world and top 10 in Canada. The 2011 QS World University Rankings ranked the university 157th in the world, making it seventh in Canada. Several of Western's programs were also ranked in individual rankings. Social sciences at Western was ranked 96th in the world in the 2010 QS World University Rankings. In 2012, the ARWU similarly ranked social science at Western 76–100 in the world. Western Law School was also ranked ninth nationally in Maclean's 2012 rankings for common law schools in Canada. Western's Ivey Business School has also ranked well internationally.
/m/03qrh9	The Hiroshima Toyo Carp is a professional baseball team in Japan's Central League. The team is primarily owned by the Matsuda family, led by Hajime Matsuda, who is a descendant of Mazda founder Jujiro Matsuda. Mazda is the largest single shareholder, which is less than the portion owned by the Matsuda family. Because of that, Mazda is not considered as the owner firm. However, the company connection is highlighted in the club name—until 1984, Mazda's official name was Toyo Kogyo Co., Ltd..
/m/057ph	Mickey Mouse is a fictional character from the 1990 film The Prince and the Pauper.
/m/0gfnqh	Ethnikos Piraeus F.C. is a Greek professional football club based in Piraeus. They have had a turbluent recent history, and are currently competing in the local amateur leagues having been relegated from the Greek Delta Ethniki at the end of the 2011/12 season, and following a forced relegation at the end of the 2010/11 season due to a match-fixing scandal.
/m/03wy8t	New York Stories is a 1989 anthology film; it consists of three shorts with the central theme being New York City.\nThe first is Life Lessons, directed by Martin Scorsese, written by Richard Price and starring Nick Nolte. The second is Life Without Zoë, directed by Francis Ford Coppola and written by Coppola with his daughter, Sofia Coppola. The last is Oedipus Wrecks, directed, written by and starring Woody Allen.\nThe film was screened out of competition at the 1989 Cannes Film Festival.\nOne actor, Paul Herman, has a bit part in each segment.\nThe trailer contains three shots from the \"Zoe\" segment not in the actual film: Zoe ordering room service, A boy slams a pie in a girl's face at a party, and A different angle of Zoe's parents kissing right before Zoe yells \"cut\". The trailer can be found on the 2012 Blu-Ray edition.
/m/0dw4b0	Swimming Upstream is a 2003 Australian film written by Tony Fingleton and directed by Russell Mulcahy. It stars Jesse Spencer, Geoffrey Rush, and Judy Davis. It shows the life of Fingleton from childhood to adulthood, and dealing with a topsy-turvy family. It is based on Fingleton's autobiography of the same name.\nThe film also stars Good Game host Steven O'Donnell in a minor role as a lifeguard.
/m/02xhwm	America's Next Top Model is an American reality television series and interactive competition that premiered on May 20, 2003. It originally aired on UPN, whose merger with The WB created The CW in 2006. The program has aired twenty cycles, and sees several women compete for the title of \"America's Next Top Model\", providing them with an opportunity to begin their career in the modeling industry. Its premise was originated with supermodel and television personality Tyra Banks, who additionally serves as its executive producer and presenter.\nAmerica's Next Top Model employs a panel of three and four judges, who critique contestants' progress throughout the competition. The original panel consisted of Banks, Janice Dickinson, Beau Quillian, and Kimora Lee Simmons. Since the nineteenth cycle, the panel consists of Banks, Kelly Cutrone, and Rob Evans. The series was among the highest-rated program on UPN, and was the highest-rated show on The CW from 2007 to 2010. Advertisers paid $61,315 per 30-second slot during the 2011–12 television seasons, the highest of any series on The CW.
/m/0b_6x2	The 1993 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament involved 64 schools playing in single-elimination play to determine the national champion of men's NCAA Division I college basketball. It began on March 18, 1993, and ended with the championship game on April 5 in New Orleans, Louisiana. A total of 63 games were played.\nNorth Carolina, coached by Dean Smith, won the national title with a 77–71 victory in the final game over Michigan, coached by Steve Fisher. Donald Williams of North Carolina was named the tournament's Most Outstanding Player. The most memorable play in the championship game came in the last seconds as Michigan's Chris Webber tried to call a timeout with his team down by 2 points when double-teamed by North Carolina. Michigan had already used all of its timeouts, so Webber's gaffe resulted in a technical foul. Michigan subsequently vacated its entire 1992-93 schedule, including its six NCAA Tournament games, after it emerged that Webber had received under-the-table payments from a booster.\nIn a game that featured two great individual battles, two time defending champion Duke was upset in the second round by California.
/m/02jxsq	Sanjeev Kumar 9 July 1938 - 6 November 1985 was a noted Indian film actor. He won several major awards including two National Film Awards for Best Actor for his performances in the movies, Dastak and Koshish. He acted in various genres ranging from romantic drama to thrillers. Much unlike his peers, Sanjeev Kumar did not mind playing roles that were non glamorous, such as characters way beyond his age. Movies like Sholay and Trishul exemplify his talents. He is well remembered for his versatility and genuine portrayal of his characters.
/m/03_6y	Joshua Carter Jackson is a Canadian-American actor. He has appeared in primetime television and in over 32 film roles. His well known roles include Pacey Witter in Dawson's Creek, Charlie Conway in The Mighty Ducks film series and Peter Bishop in Fringe.
/m/01rs5p	Lauren Elizabeth \"Laurie\" Metcalf is an American actress. She is perhaps most widely known for her performance as Jackie Harris on the ABC sitcom Roseanne and has also had series television roles as Carolyn Bigsby on Desperate Housewives and Mary Cooper on The Big Bang Theory. Her motion picture roles include the voice of Mrs. Davis in the Toy Story film series and the character Debbie Loomis/Debbie Salt in Scream 2, as well as roles in such critically acclaimed films as Making Mr. Right, JFK, and Mistress. Metcalf frequently works in Chicago theater, where she is well known for her performance in the 1983 revival of Lanford Wilson's play Balm in Gilead. She has also appeared in commercials for Plan USA, a humanitarian organization which helps children in need around the world.\nShe is a three-time Emmy Award winner, and has been nominated four other times, as well as having been nominated for two Golden Globe Awards, two Tony Awards, a Satellite Award, and a Screen Actors Guild Award. Metcalf has won both a Theatre World Award and two Obie Awards for her work on the stage, and recently starred as Mary Tyrone in Eugene O'Neill's Long Day's Journey into Night, with David Suchet, Kyle Soller and Trevor White. This production was performed at London's Apollo Theatre until August 18, 2012. In early 2013, she was critically acclaimed for her Tony-nominated performance as Juliana Smithton in Sharr White's The Other Place on Broadway, a role she originated off-Broadway in 2011 and for which she won an Obie. In later 2013, she starred in the Broadway play \"Domesticated\" with Jeff Goldblum and she starred in the HBO series Getting On. In December 2013, she was cast as the mother character Marjorie McCarthy in the new CBS pilot comedy The McCarthys.
/m/024_dt	The Grammy Award for Best Choral Performance has been awarded since 1961. There have been several minor changes to the name of the award over this time:\nIn 1961 the award was known as Best Classical Performance - Choral\nFrom 1962 to 1964 it was awarded as Best Classical Performance - Choral\nIn 1965, 1969, 1971, 1977 to 1978 and 1982 to 1991 it was awarded as Best Choral Performance\nFrom 1966 to 1968 it was awarded as Best Classical Choral Performance\nIn 1970, 1973 to 1976 and 1979 to 1981 it was awarded as Best Choral Performance, Classical\nIn 1972 it was awarded as Best Choral Performance - Classical\nFrom 1992 to 1994 it was awarded as Best Performance of a Choral Work\n1995 to the present the award has been known as Best Choral Performance\nPrior to 1961 the awards for opera and choral performances were combined into a single award for Best Classical Performance, Operatic or Choral\nAwards are given to the choral conductor and to the orchestra conductor if an orchestra is on the recording, and to the choral director or chorus master if applicable. The choir and/or the orchestra do not receive an award.
/m/06rhz7	The Pursuit of Happyness is a 2006 American biographical drama film based on Chris Gardner's nearly one-year struggle with homelessness. Directed by Gabriele Muccino, the film features Will Smith as Gardner, an on-and-off-homeless salesman. Smith's son Jaden Smith co-stars, making his film debut as Gardner's son, Christopher Jr.\nThe screenplay by Steven Conrad is based on the best-selling memoir written by Gardner with Quincy Troupe. The film was released on December 15, 2006, by Columbia Pictures. For his performance, Smith was nominated for an Academy Award and a Golden Globe for Best Actor. The unusual spelling of the film's title comes from graffiti on a wall that Chris sees near the beginning of the film. In the movie, \"happiness\" is incorrectly spelled as \"happyness\" on the wall outside the daycare facility Gardner's son attends.
/m/08052t3	Knight and Day, is a 2010 action comedy film starring Tom Cruise and Cameron Diaz. The film, directed by James Mangold, is Cruise and Diaz's second on-screen collaboration following the 2001 film Vanilla Sky. Diaz plays June Havens, a classic car restorer who unwittingly gets caught up with the eccentric secret agent Roy Miller, played by Cruise, who is on the run from the Secret Service.\nThe film's investors offset funding costs by paying Cruise a lower advance fee and providing him a share of revenue only after the financiers were repaid their investment in the production. Filming took place in several locations, mainly in several cities located in Massachusetts, while other scenes were filmed in Spain and parts of Austria.\nKnight and Day was released in the United States on June 24, 2010. The film has received mixed reviews from film critics and was a success at the box office, grossing over $260 million worldwide.
/m/049t4g	Ian Bannen was a Scottish character actor and occasional leading man.\nBannen was known for starring as the character Christopher Lowe in From Beyond the Grave, Jim Prideaux in the BBC production of Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy, and Jackie O'Shea in Waking Ned Devine.
/m/0bs5k8r	Mao's Last Dancer is a 2009 Australian biographical film based on ballet dancer Li Cunxin's autobiography of the same name. Li Cunxin is portrayed by Birmingham Royal Ballet Principal Dancer Chi Cao, Australian Ballet dancer Chengwu Guo and Huang Wen Bin. The film also stars Bruce Greenwood, Kyle MacLachlan, Joan Chen, Wang Shuangbao and Amanda Schull.\nThe film premiered on 13 September 2009, at the Toronto International Film Festival. General release in Australia and New Zealand began on 1 October 2009. It began screening in the United States on 33 screens in August 2010.
/m/06x6s	The St. Louis Blues are a professional ice hockey team in St. Louis, Missouri. They are members of the Central Division of the Western Conference of the National Hockey League. The team is named after the famous W. C. Handy song \"Saint Louis Blues\", and plays in the 19,150-seat Scottrade Center in downtown St. Louis. The franchise was founded in 1967 as one of the expansion teams during the league's original expansion from six to twelve teams. The Blues are the oldest extant NHL team that has never won the Stanley Cup.
/m/0170_p	The Hurricane is a 1999 biographical film directed by Norman Jewison, and starring Denzel Washington. The script was adapted by Armyan Bernstein and Dan Gordon from the books Lazarus and the Hurricane: The Freeing of Rubin \"Hurricane\" Carter, by Sam Chaiton and Terry Swinton, and The Sixteenth Round: From Number 1 Contender To #45472, by Rubin \"Hurricane\" Carter. The film tells the story of a former middleweight boxing champion who was convicted for a triple homicide in a bar in Paterson, New Jersey. The film also depicts his life in prison and how he was freed by the love and compassion of a teenager from Brooklyn named Lesra Martin and his Canadian foster family.\nThe film received positive reviews, but has been criticized for inaccuracies by some media outlets and participants in Carter's trials.
/m/09hy79	The Lovely Bones is a 2009 American supernatural drama film directed by Peter Jackson. It is a film adaptation of the award-winning and best-selling 2002 novel of the same name by Alice Sebold. The film stars Saoirse Ronan as Susie Salmon, alongside Mark Wahlberg and Rachel Weisz as Susie's parents Jack and Abigail Salmon. The film also stars Susan Sarandon, Amanda Michalka and Stanley Tucci. The film received various accolades, including a Golden Globe, Screen Actors Guild, BAFTA and Academy Award nominations.\nJackson and his producer partners acquired the rights independently and developed a script on their own, later selling it to DreamWorks. Principal photography began in October 2007 in New Zealand and Pennsylvania, United States. After DreamWorks left the project, Paramount became the film's sole distributor. The film's trailer was released on August 4, 2009, and clips from the movie were shown in July 2009.\nThe Lovely Bones was first released on December 26, 2009 in New Zealand, and then internationally in January 2010. The film's North American release date was changed multiple times, with a limited release on December 11, 2009, and a wider release on January 15, 2010. It was released to mainly mixed reviews from critics; the story and its message were generally criticized, with praise mainly aimed at the acting, particularly of Ronan and Tucci. In the film's opening weekend, in limited release, it grossed $116,616 despite only having been screened in three theaters, placing it at 30th place on the box office chart. As of February 28, 2010, The Lovely Bones had grossed over $44,000,000 in North America.
/m/0fq9zdv	The British Independent Film Award for Best British Independent Film is an annual award given to the best British independent film. The award was introduced in the 1998 ceremony, and the current award winner is The King's Speech.
/m/0p0fc	Arapahoe County is the third most populous of the 64 counties of the state of Colorado of the United States. The United States Census Bureau estimated that the county population was 595,546 in 2012, a 4.1% increase since 2010 census. The county seat is Littleton; the most populous city is Aurora. Arapahoe County is part of the Denver–Aurora Metropolitan Statistical Area and the Denver–Aurora–Boulder Combined Statistical Area. Arapahoe County calls itself \"Colorado's First County\" since its origins predate the Pike's Peak Gold Rush. The county was named for the Arapaho Native American tribe who once lived in the region.
/m/0dh8v4	Case Closed: The Phantom of Baker Street, known as Detective Conan: The Phantom of Baker Street in Japan, is the 6th Case Closed feature film, released in Japan on April 20, 2002. Phantom of Baker Street is the first film in the series written by Hisashi Nozawa. This was the last of the Detective Conan films done in traditional animation. It was released on February 16, 2010 in America on DVD. This movie brought 3.4 billion yen in the box office. The story features several characters from and references to the Sherlock Holmes series, which Detective Conan is heavily inspired by, and Jack the Ripper.
/m/01ttg5	Anthony Kiedis is an American singer-songwriter, best known as the vocalist/lyricist of the band Red Hot Chili Peppers with whom he has fronted since their inception in 1983. The band has recorded ten studio albums and as a member, Kiedis was an inductee into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2012. Kiedis is also an occasional actor, having appeared in F.I.S.T, Point Break, and The Chase. In 2004 he published an autobiography, entitled Scar Tissue.
/m/0fq9zdn	The British Independent Film Award for Best Performance by an Actress in a British Independent Film is an annual award given to the Best Actress who starred in a British independent film. The award was introduced in 1998.
/m/03rx9	Isaac Asimov was an American author and professor of biochemistry at Boston University, best known for his works of science fiction and for his popular science books. Asimov was one of the most prolific writers of all time, having written or edited more than 500 books and an estimated 90,000 letters and postcards. His books have been published in 9 of the 10 major categories of the Dewey Decimal Classification.\nAsimov is widely considered a master of hard science fiction and, along with Robert A. Heinlein and Arthur C. Clarke, he was considered one of the \"Big Three\" science fiction writers during his lifetime. Asimov's most famous work is the Foundation Series; his other major series are the Galactic Empire series and the Robot series. The Galactic Empire novels are explicitly set in earlier history of the same fictional universe as the Foundation series. Later, beginning with Foundation's Edge, he linked this distant future to the Robot and Spacer stories, creating a unified \"future history\" for his stories much like those pioneered by Robert A. Heinlein and previously produced by Cordwainer Smith and Poul Anderson. He wrote hundreds of short stories, including the social science fiction \"Nightfall\", which in 1964 was voted by the Science Fiction Writers of America the best short science fiction story of all time. Asimov wrote the Lucky Starr series of juvenile science-fiction novels using the pen name Paul French.
/m/02ddqh	The Grammy Award for Best Traditional Folk Album was awarded from 1987 to 2011. Until 1993 the award was known as the Grammy Award for Best Traditional Folk Recording.\nAn award for Best Contemporary Folk Album was also presented. Prior to 1987 contemporary and traditional folk were combined as the Grammy Award for Best Ethnic or Traditional Folk Recording.\nThe award will be discontinued from 2012 in a major overhaul of Grammy categories. From 2012, this category will merge with the Best Contemporary Folk Album category to form the new Best Folk Album category.\nYears reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were presented, for works released in the previous year.
/m/01xsc9	James Fox is an English actor.
/m/0879xc	David Raymond Carney is an Australian football Midfielder, currently playing with A-League side Newcastle Jets FC until the end of the 2013-14 season. Born in Sydney, he began his playing career with the New South Wales Institute of Sport before moving to England to join Everton. Having failed to break into the Everton first team he then moved to Oldham Athletic, Halifax Town and Hamilton Academical in Scotland before returning to his native Australia. After a successful spell with Sydney FC, Carney then returned to England, signing with Sheffield United before spending time with Norwich City on loan and eventually moving to Holland to play for Twente. He subsequently had spells with Blackpool, AD Alcorcón, Bunyodkor and New York as well as making 48 sppearances for the Australia national side for whom he scored six goals.
/m/04vg8	Martinique is an island in the Lesser Antilles in the eastern Caribbean Sea, with a land area of 1,128 square kilometres and a population of 386,486 inhabitants. Like Guadeloupe, it is an overseas region of France, consisting of a single overseas department. One of the Windward Islands, it is directly north of St. Lucia, northwest of Barbados, and south of Dominica.\nAs with the other overseas departments, Martinique is one of the twenty-seven regions of France and an integral part of the French Republic. As part of France, Martinique is part of the European Union, and its currency is the Euro. Its official language is French, although many of its inhabitants also speak Antillean Creole.
/m/04mn81	Pharrell Williams, also known as Pharrell, is an American singer-songwriter, rapper, record producer, drummer and fashion designer. Williams and Chad Hugo make up the record production duo The Neptunes, producing soul, hip hop and R&B music. He is also the lead vocalist and drummer of rock, funk, and hip hop band N.E.R.D, which he formed with Hugo and childhood friend Shay Haley. He released his first single \"Frontin'\" in 2003 and followed up with his debut solo album In My Mind in 2006. His second album, G I R L is scheduled to release on March 3, 2014.\nAs part of The Neptunes, Williams has produced numerous hit singles for various musicians. Williams has earned seven Grammy Awards including two with The Neptunes. He currently owns a media venture that encompasses entertainment, music, fashion, and art called i am OTHER. He is also the co-founder of the clothing brands Billionaire Boys Club and Ice Cream.
/m/0488g	Kansas is a U.S. state located in the Midwestern United States. It is named after the Kansa Native American tribe, which inhabited the area. The tribe's name is often said to mean \"people of the wind\" or \"people of the south wind,\" although this was probably not the term's original meaning. Residents of Kansas are called \"Kansans.\" For thousands of years what is now Kansas was home to numerous and diverse Native American tribes. Tribes in the Eastern part of the state generally lived in villages along the river valleys. Tribes in the Western part of the state were semi-nomadic and hunted large herds of bison. Kansas was first settled by European Americans in the 1830s, but the pace of settlement accelerated in the 1850s, in the midst of political wars over the slavery issue.\nWhen it was officially opened to settlement by the U.S. government in 1854, abolitionist Free-Staters from New England and pro-slavery settlers from neighboring Missouri rushed to the territory to determine if Kansas would become a free state or a slave state. Thus, the area was a hotbed of violence and chaos in its early days as these forces collided, and was known as Bleeding Kansas. The abolitionists eventually prevailed and on January 29, 1861, Kansas entered the Union as a free state. After the Civil War, the population of Kansas grew rapidly, when waves of immigrants turned the prairie into farmland. Today, Kansas is one of the most productive agricultural states, producing high yields of wheat, sorghum, and sunflowers. Kansas is the 15th most extensive and the 34th most populous of the 50 United States.
/m/02rk23	South Carolina State University is a historically black university located in Orangeburg, South Carolina, United States. It is the only state funded, historically black land-grant institution in South Carolina and is a member-school of the Thurgood Marshall College Fund. South Carolina State University was founded in 1896 as the state of South Carolina's sole public college for black youth.
/m/02zkz7	McNeese State University is a public university located in Lake Charles, Louisiana, in the United States. Founded in 1939 as a junior college, McNeese experienced growth due to economic activity in the region. It adopted its present name in 1970.\nMcNeese is part of the University of Louisiana System and is classified by the Carnegie Foundation as a Master's University. U.S. News and World Report designates McNeese as a Tier One Regional University. The selective admissions university consists of six colleges and the Doré School of Graduate Studies. McNeese is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools, and all programs of study are accredited by their respective national boards.
/m/013tcv	Mark Anthony \"Baz\" Luhrmann is an Australian film director, screenwriter and producer best known for The Red Curtain Trilogy, comprising his films Strictly Ballroom, Romeo + Juliet, and Moulin Rouge!. In 2008, his film Australia was released, starring Hugh Jackman and Nicole Kidman. His version of The Great Gatsby was released in 2013.
/m/01fchy	Ministry was an American industrial metal band founded by lead singer Al Jourgensen in 1981. Originally a new wave synthpop outfit, Ministry changed its style to industrial metal in the late 1980s. Ministry found mainstream success in the early 1990s with its most successful album Psalm 69: The Way to Succeed and the Way to Suck Eggs and touring as part of the Lollapalooza festival.\nAfter 27 years of performing, Jourgensen decided to end the band in 2008, saying a reunion would never happen. However, in August 2011, a reunion was announced, when Ministry confirmed they would play one of their first shows in four years at the Wacken Open Air festival in August 2012. Ministry released a new album, Relapse, on March 23, 2012, which was followed by a world tour. Following the death of long time guitarist Mike Scaccia, Ministry disbanded after the release of their 2013 album From Beer to Eternity.
/m/097s4	Civil and political rights are a class of rights that protect individuals' freedom from infringement by governments and private organizations, and ensure one's ability to participate in the civil and political life of the state without discrimination or repression.\nCivil rights include the ensuring of peoples' physical and mental integrity, life and safety; protection from discrimination on grounds such as race, gender, national origin, colour, sexual orientation, ethnicity, religion, or disability; and individual rights such as privacy, the freedoms of thought and conscience, speech and expression, religion, the press, assembly and movement.\nPolitical rights include natural justice in law, such as the rights of the accused, including the right to a fair trial; due process; the right to seek redress or a legal remedy; and rights of participation in civil society and politics such as freedom of association, the right to assemble, the right to petition, the right of self-defense, and the right to vote.\nCivil and political rights form the original and main part of international human rights. They comprise the first portion of the 1948 Universal Declaration of Human Rights. The theory of three generations of human rights considers this group of rights to be \"first-generation rights\", and the theory of negative and positive rights considers them to be generally negative rights.
/m/07tlfx	The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford is a 2007 American western drama film written and directed by Andrew Dominik. Adaptated from Ron Hansen's 1983 novel of the same name, the film dramatizes the relationship between James and his killer, Ford.\nFilming took place in Edmonton, Alberta; Winnipeg, Manitoba; and Grafton, Utah. Initially intended for a 2006 release, it was postponed and re-edited for a September 21, 2007 release.
/m/05wvs	Proteins are large biological molecules, or macromolecules, consisting of one or more chains of amino acid residues. Proteins perform a vast array of functions within living organisms, including catalyzing metabolic reactions, replicating DNA, responding to stimuli, and transporting molecules from one location to another. Proteins differ from one another primarily in their sequence of amino acids, which is dictated by the nucleotide sequence of their genes, and which usually results in folding of the protein into a specific three-dimensional structure that determines its activity.\nA polypeptide is a single linear polymer chain derived from the condensation of amino acids. The individual amino acid residues are bonded together by peptide bonds and adjacent amino acid residues. The sequence of amino acid residues in a protein is defined by the sequence of a gene, which is encoded in the genetic code. In general, the genetic code specifies 20 standard amino acids; however, in certain organisms the genetic code can include selenocysteine and—in certain archaea—pyrrolysine. Shortly after or even during synthesis, the residues in a protein are often chemically modified by posttranslational modification, which alters the physical and chemical properties, folding, stability, activity, and ultimately, the function of the proteins. Sometimes proteins have non-peptide groups attached, which can be called prosthetic groups or cofactors. Proteins can also work together to achieve a particular function, and they often associate to form stable protein complexes.
/m/03x22w	Emilie de Ravin is an Australian actress. She is best known for her roles as Tess Harding on Roswell and Claire Littleton on the ABC drama Lost. In 2012 she guest-starred as Belle on the ABC drama Once Upon a Time and became a series regular beginning in the show's second season. She was originally to play Anthony LaPaglia's daughter in the potential ABC drama, Americana.\nDe Ravin's film credits include Santa's Slay, The Hills Have Eyes and Ball Don't Lie. She starred as Brendan Frye's heroin-addicted ex-girlfriend Emily in the neo-noir film Brick. She had a small cameo in Public Enemies and more recently starred in Remember Me. De Ravin was included on Maxim's Hot 100 list three times: in 2005, on #47, the next year on #65, and in 2008 on #68.
/m/0cxn2	Ice cream is a frozen dessert usually made from dairy products, such as milk and cream and often combined with fruits or other ingredients and flavours. Most varieties contain sugar, although some are made with other sweeteners. In some cases, artificial flavourings and colourings are used in addition to, or instead of, the natural ingredients. The mixture of chosen ingredients is stirred slowly while cooling, in order to incorporate air and to prevent large ice crystals from forming. The result is a smoothly textured semi-solid foam that is malleable and can be scooped.\nThe meaning of the phrase \"ice cream\" varies from one country to another. Phrases such as \"frozen custard\", \"frozen yogurt\", \"sorbet\", \"gelato\" and others are used to distinguish different varieties and styles. In some countries, such as the United States, the phrase \"ice cream\" applies only to a specific variety, and most governments regulate the commercial use of the various terms according to the relative quantities of the main ingredients. Products that do not meet the criteria to be called ice cream are labelled \"frozen dairy dessert\" instead. In other countries, such as Italy and Argentina, one word is used for all variants. Analogues made from dairy alternatives, such as goat's or sheep's milk, or milk substitutes, are available for those who are lactose intolerant, allergic to dairy protein, or vegan. The most popular flavours of ice cream in North America are vanilla and chocolate.
/m/051hhz	Koninklijke Sporting Club Lokeren Oost-Vlaanderen is a Belgian professional football club based in the city of Lokeren, in the province of East Flanders. Lokeren plays in the Belgian Pro League. The club was founded in 1923 and it first reached the first division in 1974–75. Since then, it had a short spell in the second division between 1993–94 and 1995–96. Lokeren had its most successful period in the 1980s, achieving second place in the league in 1980–81 as well as a Belgian Cup final the same year. Its best European result was reaching the quarter final of the 1980-81 UEFA Cup.\nIn the year 2000, the club merged with K Sint-Niklase SKE They are registered to the Royal Belgian Football Association with the matricule number 282. Lokeren's colours are white, black and yellow. They play their home games at the Daknamstadion.\nIn 2012, Sporting Lokeren won their first prize, after beating KV Kortrijk in the Cup Final.
/m/03bxbql	The Kingdom of Bulgaria, also referred to as the Tsardom of Bulgaria, the Third Bulgarian Tsardom and the Third Bulgarian Empire, was a constitutional monarchy, created on 22 September 1908, as а result of an elevation of the Bulgarian state to kingdom from principality. This move was taken by Ferdinand who was crowned a Tsar at the declaration of independence, mainly for military plans and for seeking options for unification of all lands in the Balkans populated with ethnic Bulgarian majority, that were seized from Bulgaria and given to the Ottoman Empire with the Treaty of Berlin.\nThe state was almost constantly at war throughout its existence, lending to its nickname as \"the Balkan Prussia\". For several years Bulgaria mobilized army of more than 1 million people from its population of about 5 million and in the next decade it engaged in three wars - the First, the Second Balkan War and the First World War. After this the Bulgarian army was disbanded and forbidden to exist by the winning side of the World War and all plans for national unification of the Bulgarian lands failed. After less than two decades Bulgaria was again warring for national unification in the Second World War and was fighting again on the losing side, which was a third lost war. In 1946, the monarchy was abolished, its final Tsar was sent into exile and the Kingdom was replaced by a People's Republic.
/m/0jrgr	Folk metal is a sub-genre of heavy metal music that developed in Europe during the 1990s, a fusion of heavy metal and traditional folk music. This includes the widespread use of folk instruments and, to a lesser extent, traditional singing styles.\nThe earliest example of folk metal was the English band Golgotha, whose 1984 EP Dangerous Games contained a mixture of New Wave of British Heavy Metal and folk styles. The genre was not further developed, however, until the emergence of another English band, Skyclad. Their debut album The Wayward Sons of Mother Earth was released in 1990. It was not until 1994 and 1995 that other early contributors in the genre began to emerge from different regions of Europe as well as in Israel. Among these early groups, the Irish band Cruachan and the German band Subway to Sally each spearheaded a different regional variation that over time became known as Celtic metal and medieval metal respectively. Despite their contributions, folk metal remained little known with few representatives during the 1990s. It was not until the early 2000s when the genre exploded into prominence, particularly in Finland with the efforts of such groups as Finntroll, Ensiferum, Korpiklaani, Turisas, and Moonsorrow.
/m/02xc1w4	Gregory Nicotero is an American special effects creator, actor, and director. His first major job in special effects makeup was on the George A. Romero film Day of the Dead, under the tutelage of Romero and Tom Savini.\nIn 1988, along with Robert Kurtzman and Howard Berger, he formed KNB Efx Group, a special effects studio which has gone on to work on over 400 film and television projects. KNB has won numerous awards, including an Emmy Award in 2001 for their work on the 2000 Sci Fi Channel miniseries Frank Herbert's Dune and an Academy Award in 2006 for achievement in makeup for The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe.\nHe is currently working as co-executive producer, special effects makeup artist, director and also actor on AMC's The Walking Dead.
/m/0d_skg	Michael Shamberg is an American former Time–Life correspondent and current film producer.
/m/01g63y	A domestic partnership is a legal or interpersonal relationship between two individuals who live together and share a common domestic life but are neither joined by marriage nor a civil union. In some jurisdictions, such as Australia, New Zealand, the American states of Oregon, Washington, Nevada, and California, a domestic partnership is almost equivalent to marriage, or to other legally recognized unions, while in other jurisdictions such as the American states of Wisconsin and Maine, domestic partnerships may confer lesser relationship rights than other jurisdictions' civil unions and more than de facto cohabitation. The terminology for such unions is still evolving, and the exact level of rights and responsibilities conferred by a domestic partnership varies widely from place to place.\nSome legislatures have voluntarily established domestic partnership relations by statute instead of being ordered to do so by a court. Although some jurisdictions have instituted domestic partnerships as a way to recognize same-sex unions, domestic partnerships may involve either different-sex or same-sex couples.\nIn some legal jurisdictions, domestic partners who live together for an extended period of time but are not legally entitled to common-law marriage may be entitled to legal protection in the form of a domestic partnership. Some domestic partners may enter into domestic partnership agreements in order to agree contractually to issues involving property ownership, support obligations, and similar issues common to marriage. Beyond agreements, registration of relationships in domestic partnership registries allow for the jurisdiction to formally acknowledge such agreements as valid relationships with limited rights, although agreements and registries have often been legalized in separate legislation.
/m/02ddq4	The Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Folk Album was awarded from 1987 to 2011. Until 1993 the award was known as the Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Folk Recording. In 2007, this category was renamed Best Contemporary Folk/Americana Album. As of 2010 the category was split into two categories; Best Contemporary Folk Album and Best Americana Album.\nAn award for Best Traditional Folk Album was also presented. Prior to 1987 contemporary and traditional folk were combined as the Grammy Award for Best Ethnic or Traditional Folk Recording.\nThe award will be discontinued from 2012 in a major overhaul of Grammy categories. From 2012, this category will merge with the Best Traditional Folk Album category to form the new Best Folk Album category.\nYears reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were presented, for works released in the previous year.\nAt three wins each, Bob Dylan and Steve Earle are the category's biggest winners.
/m/017c87	Darren Aronofsky is an American film director, screenwriter and film producer. He attended Harvard University, where he studied film and social anthropology, and the American Film Institute to study directing. He won several film awards after completing his senior thesis film, Supermarket Sweep, which went on to become a National Student Academy Award finalist. Aronofsky has received acclaim for his often surreal, disturbing films and has been noted for frequent collaborations with cinematographer Matthew Libatique and composer Clint Mansell. His films have generated controversy and are well known for their often violent, bleak subject matter.\nAronofsky's feature debut, Pi, was shot in November 1997. The low-budget, $60,000 production, starring Sean Gullette, was sold to Artisan Entertainment for $1 million, and grossed over $3 million; Aronofsky won the Directing Award at the 1998 Sundance Film Festival and an Independent Spirit Award for best first screenplay. Aronofsky's followup, Requiem for a Dream, was based on the novel of the same name by Hubert Selby, Jr. The film garnered strong reviews and received an Academy Award nomination for Ellen Burstyn's performance. After turning down an opportunity to direct an entry in the Batman franchise and writing the World War II horror film Below, Aronofsky began production on his third film, The Fountain. The film received mixed reviews and performed poorly at the box-office, but has since garnered a cult following.
/m/0b256b	Bursaspor is a professional Turkish football club located in the city of Bursa. Formed in 1963, Bursaspor are nicknamed Yeşil Beyazlılar also Yeşil Timsahlar. The club colours are green and white, with home kits usually donning both colours in a striped pattern. Domestically, the club has won the Süper Lig on one occasion 2009–10, gaining the distinction of being the second Anatolian club to win the competition, being the fifth ever team that won the Süper Lig. They have also won the Türkiye Kupası once and the Başbakanlık Kupası twice, as well as the 1. Lig twice. Their first, and most successful, foray into European competition came in the 1974–75 European Cup Winners' Cup when they reached the quarter-finals. They also took part in the 1986–87, losing in the first round, as well as the 1995 UEFA Intertoto Cup, where they lost in the quarter-finals.\nThe club won its first Süper Lig title in 2010 after finishing with 75 points, one point ahead of the runners-up Fenerbahçe. Bursaspor became the second club outside Istanbul to win a Süper Lig title, joining Trabzonspor who won the first of their six titles in 1976. Before winning their first Süper Lig title in 2009–10, Bursaspor had never finished inside the top three. They won their first title in Ertuğrul Sağlam's first full season as manager of the club. Pablo Batalla and Ozan İpek were the club's joint top scorers with eight goals apiece. Bursaspor is the fourth football club in Turkey to start a television channel dedicated to their club. Bursaspor were drawn against Rangers, Valencia and Manchester United in the group stages of the 2010–11 UEFA Champions League. In their away match against Rangers, Bursaspor decided not to don their home kit to avoid provoking Rangers' fans, as their kit heavily resembles that of Rangers' rivals, Celtic.
/m/01wf86y	Cynthia Ann Stephanie \"Cyndi\" Lauper is an American singer, songwriter, actress, and LGBT rights activist whose career has spanned over four decades. Her debut solo album She's So Unusual was an instant commercial success. The album was the first debut female album to chart four top-five hits on the Billboard Hot 100—\"Girls Just Want to Have Fun,\" \"Time After Time,\" \"She Bop,\" and \"All Through the Night,\" earning Lauper the Best New Artist award at the 27th Grammy Awards in 1985. Her success continued with her second record, True Colors, which included the number one hit of the same name, and \"Change of Heart,\" which peaked at number 3 and earned Lauper two nominations at the 29th Grammy Awards in 1987.\nSince 1989, Lauper has released nine studio albums to varying critical acclaim, and has participated in several other projects. Her most recent album, the Grammy-nominated Memphis Blues, became Billboard's most successful blues album of the year, remaining at number one on the \"Billboard\" blues charts for 13 consecutive weeks. In 2011, Lauper released an autobiography detailing her battle with child abuse and depression; the book became a New York Times Best Seller.
/m/017y26	The University of Pennsylvania Law School, located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, is the law school of the University of Pennsylvania. A member of the Ivy League, it is among the oldest and most selective law schools in the nation. It is currently ranked 7th overall by U.S. News & World Report, and 1st in terms of career prospects by the Princeton Review, a rank awarded also by the National Law Journal based on placement of graduates in top law firms. It offers the degrees of Juris Doctor, Master of Laws, Master of Comparative Laws, and Doctor of the Science of Law.\nPenn Law's entering class generally consists of approximately 250 students, and admission is highly competitive. For the class entering in the fall of 2012, 907 out of 5,848 applicants were offered admission, with 243 matriculating. The 25th and 75th LSAT percentiles for the 2012 entering class were 164 and 171, respectively, with a median of 170. The 25th and 75th undergraduate GPA percentiles were 3.55 and 3.94, respectively, with a median of 3.87. Penn Law's July 2012 Pennsylvania Bar Examination passage rate was 96.08%. The Princeton Review ranks Penn Law 6th in admission selectivity. According to ABA data Penn Law's admission and yield rates are generally on par with its peers, and in some cases better relatively to the school's general rank. Penn Law is also one of the \"T14\" law schools, that is, schools that have consistently ranked within the top 14 law schools since U.S. News & World Report began publishing rankings.
/m/0km5c	The German Shepherd Dog, commonly referred to as the German Shepherd or simply the Shepherd; frequently written in abbreviated form as the GSD; and sometimes known as the Alsatian, is a relatively new breed of dog that originated in the 1890s in Germany where it has been known since its founding as the deutsche Schäferhund which translates directly as the German Shepherd Dog. Under the guidance of the Society for German Shepherd Dogs, founded in 1899, and its President until 1935, Max von Stephanitz, the breed consolidated its primary characteristics, and, following World War I, became one of the most popular breeds around the world. The breed was developed from shepherding dogs, and is classified in most Breed Standards under Herding Group, Pastoral Group, Working Group, etc. However, because of the German Shepherd's strength, courage, intelligence and trainability, it has often been the preferred breed for many types of work including guide-dogs, personal-protection, search-and-rescue, police, military, and acting. Over the years, the breed has been criticised and, at times, fallen from favour because of issues related to temperament, health and physical structure. Nevertheless, in 2012, German Shepherds were the second-most popular dog in the United States and fourth-most popular in the United Kingdom.
/m/02kxwk	Kathleen Doyle \"Kathy\" Bates is an American actress and film director. After appearing in several minor roles in film and television during the 1970s and the 1980s, Bates rose to prominence with her performance in Misery, for which she won both the Academy Award for Best Actress and a Golden Globe. She followed this with major roles in Fried Green Tomatoes and Dolores Claiborne, before playing a featured role as Molly Brown in Titanic.\nShe received a Tony Award nomination for her 1983 performance in the Broadway play 'night, Mother. She won a Screen Actors Guild Award for her performance in Primary Colors, for which she also received an Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress. She was also nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for About Schmidt. Her television work has resulted in eleven Emmy Award nominations, two of which were for her starring role on the television series Harry's Law and most recently, a win for her acclaimed guest appearance on the CBS sitcom Two and a Half Men as the ghost of Charlie Harper, a role formerly portrayed by Charlie Sheen. She most recently co-starred in the third season of the FX television series American Horror Story, portraying an immortal racist, Delphine LaLaurie.
/m/06fsr	Romeo and Juliet is a play by William Shakespeare.
/m/06cl2w	Joel Edgerton is an Australian actor best known for his roles in 2000s and 2010s films like Star Wars Episode II: Attack of the Clones, Star Wars Episode III: Revenge of the Sith, Kinky Boots, Animal Kingdom, The Thing, Warrior, The Odd Life of Timothy Green, Zero Dark Thirty and The Great Gatsby.
/m/0nn83	Jefferson County is a historic county of Kentucky in the United States. It was formed in 1780. In 2003, its government merged with that of its largest city and county seat, Louisville, forming a new entity, the Louisville-Jefferson County Metro Government or Louisville Metro. The new government generally avoids any self-reference including the name \"Jefferson County\" and has even renamed the Jefferson County Courthouse as \"Metro Hall\".\nPer the 2010 U.S. Census, the 2012 population estimate is 750,828. Jefferson County is the most populous county in the Louisville metropolitan area and is the most populous county in Kentucky, more than twice as large as the second most populous, Fayette.
/m/027gy0k	Speed Racer is a 2008 American-German action film based on the Japanese anime and manga series Speed Racer by Tatsunoko Productions. The film was written and directed by The Wachowski Brothers, and stars Emile Hirsch, Christina Ricci, John Goodman, Susan Sarandon, Matthew Fox, Benno Fürmann, Hiroyuki Sanada, Rain and Richard Roundtree. The plot revolves around Speed Racer, an 18-year-old automobile racer who follows his apparently deceased brother's career. His choice to remain loyal to his family and their company Racer Motors causes difficulties after he refuses a contract offered by E.P. Arnold Royalton, the owner of Royalton Industries.\nThe film had been in development since 1992, changing actors, writers and directors until 2006, when producer Joel Silver and the Wachowskis collaborated to begin production on Speed Racer as a family film. Speed Racer was shot between early June and late August 2007 in and around Potsdam and Berlin, at an estimated budget of $120 million. The film score was composed by Michael Giacchino, and the film's soundtrack, which contains the sound effects and theme song from the original series, was released on May 6, 2008.\nSpeed Racer premiered on May 3, 2008 at the Tribeca Film Festival, and was released in the United States on May 9, 2008. The film received negative reviews; it was criticized for its storyline, characters and dialogue. However, it received praise for its capacity to entertain the target audience and the performance of its cast. Speed Racer also divided critics over its use of special effects. It was subsequently nominated in multiple categories at the Teen Choice Awards, and was nominated for a Golden Raspberry Award.
/m/01llj3	Lewisham is a major inner-city district in South East London, England, located in the London Borough of Lewisham. It is situated 5.9 miles south-east of Charing Cross. The area is identified in the London Plan as one of 35 major centres in Greater London, although Lewisham London Borough Council aspires to upgrade the town centre to become a metropolitan centre like Bromley and Croydon.
/m/02qzh2	Jersey Girl is a 2004 American comedy-drama film written, co-edited, and directed by Kevin Smith. It stars Ben Affleck, Liv Tyler, Raquel Castro, George Carlin, Jason Biggs, Jennifer Lopez and Will Smith. At $35 million it was Kevin Smith's biggest-budget project to date but was a financial disappointment at the box office and received mixed reviews. It is also the first film by Smith not to be set in the View Askewniverse or to feature appearances by Jay and Silent Bob although an animated version of them appear in the View Askew logo.
/m/04n2r9h	The winners of the 13th Annual Satellite Awards, honoring the best in film and television in 2008, were announced on December 14, 2008.
/m/01m94f	Hanover is a town along the Connecticut River in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States. The population was 11,260 at the 2010 census. CNN and Money magazine rated Hanover the sixth best place to live in America in 2011, and the second best in 2007.\nDartmouth College and the US Army Corps of Engineers Cold Regions Research and Engineering Laboratory are located there. The Appalachian Trail crosses the town.\nThe main village of the town, where 8,636 people resided at the 2010 census, is defined as the Hanover census-designated place, and is located at the junctions of New Hampshire routes 10, 10A, and 120. The town also contains the villages of Etna and Hanover Center.
/m/0f61tk	The Rocketeer is a 1991 American period superhero film produced by Walt Disney Pictures and based on the character of the same name created by comic book writer/artist Dave Stevens. Directed by Joe Johnston, the film stars Billy Campbell, Jennifer Connelly, Alan Arkin, Timothy Dalton, Paul Sorvino and Tiny Ron Taylor. Set in 1938 Los Angeles, California, The Rocketeer tells the story of stunt pilot Cliff Secord who discovers a jet pack that enables him to fly. His heroic deeds attract the attention of Howard Hughes and the FBI, as well as sadistic Nazi operatives.\nDevelopment for The Rocketeer started as far back as 1983, when Stevens sold the film rights. Steve Miner and William Dear considered directing The Rocketeer before Johnston signed on. Screenwriters Danny Bilson and Paul De Meo had creative differences with Disney, which caused the film to languish in development hell. The studio also intended to change the trademark helmet design; Disney President Michael Eisner wanted a straight NASA-type helmet but Johnston convinced the studio otherwise. Johnston also had to convince Disney to let him cast unknown actor Billy Campbell in the lead role. Filming for The Rocketeer lasted from September 19, 1990 to January 22, 1991. The visual effects sequences were created and designed by Industrial Light & Magic.
/m/047myg9	The Last Station is a 2009 biographical drama film directed by Michael Hoffman. It is an adaptation of the 1990 biographical novel of the same name by Jay Parini about the final months of Leo Tolstoy's life. The film stars Christopher Plummer as Tolstoy and Helen Mirren as his wife Sofya Tolstaya. The film is about the battle between Sofya and his disciple Vladimir Chertkov for his legacy and the copyright of his works. The film premiered at the 2009 Telluride Film Festival.
/m/0827d	World music is a musical category encompassing many different styles of music from around the world, including traditional music, neotraditional music, and music where more than one cultural tradition intermingle. World music's inclusive nature and elasticity as a musical category pose obstacles to a universal definition, but its ethic of interest in the culturally exotic is encapsulated in fRoots magazine's description of the genre as \"local music from out there\". The term originated in the late 20th century as a marketing category and academic classification for non-Western traditional music. Globalization has facilitated the expansion of world music's audiences and scope. It has grown to include hybrid sub-genres such as world fusion, global fusion, ethnic fusion and worldbeat.
/m/06zfw	Skateboarding is an action sport which involves riding and performing tricks using a skateboard. Skateboarding can also be considered a recreational activity, an art form, a job, or a method of transportation. Skateboarding has been shaped and influenced by many skateboarders throughout the years. A 2002 report found that there were 18.5 million skateboarders in the world. 85 percent of skateboarders polled who had used a board in the last year were under the age of 18, and 74 percent were male.\nSince the 1970s, skateparks have been constructed specifically for use by skateboarders, Freestyle BMXers, aggressive skaters, and very recently, scooters.
/m/01f9y_	Jazz rap is a sub-genre of hip hop that incorporates jazz influences, developed in the late 1980s and early 1990s. The lyrics are often based on political consciousness, Afrocentricity, and general positivism. Allmusic writes that the genre \"was an attempt to fuse African-American music of the past with a newly dominant form of the present, paying tribute to and reinvigorating the former while expanding the horizons of the latter\". Musically, the rhythms have been typically those of hip hop rather than jazz, over which are placed repetitive phrases of jazz instrumentation: trumpet, double bass, etc. The amount of improvisation varies between artists: some groups improvise lyrics and solos, while many of them do not. A Tribe Called Quest, De La Soul and Digable Planets are pioneers of the jazz rap genre.
/m/06rvn	The snare drum or side drum is a widely used unpitched percussion instrument. It is often used in orchestras, marching bands and concert bands, drum corps and many other applications.\nIt is the center of the drum kit, the most prominent drum in most marching and stage bands, and the instrument that students of both orchestral and kit drumming learn to play first.\nThe snare drum is almost always double-headed, with rattles of gut, metal wire or synthetics stretched across one or both heads. There are three main types where:\nA single set of snares is applied to the underside of the bottom head. Orchestral and drum kit players use extremely thin, specialised resonant snare drum heads, far too light to be played directly, for this bottom head.\nMarching and Pipe band side drums have a second set of snares on the underside of the top head on the inside of the drum, as well as a set on the underside of the bottom head.\nThe caixa de guerra and tarol are Latin American snare drums with a single set of snares on the top of the top head. A few of these drums omit the bottom head.\nDifferent types of modern snare drums can be found, like piccolo snares, that have a smaller depth and popcorn snares that are smaller in diameter for a higher pitch, rope-tuned snares, and the Brazilian tarol, which commonly has snares on the top of the upper drumhead.
/m/024030	The Padma Vibhushan is the second highest civilian award in the Republic of India. It consists of a medal and a citation and is awarded by the President of India. It was established on 2 January 1954. It ranks behind the Bharat Ratna and comes before the Padma Bhushan and Padma Shri. It is awarded to recognize exceptional and distinguished service to the nation in any field, including government service. The first recipients of this award were Satyendra Nath Bose, Nand Lal Bose, Zakir Hussain, Balasaheb Gangadhar Kher, Jigme Dorji Wangchuk, V. K. Krishna Menon in the year 1954.
/m/01vv6_6	Saul Hudson, better known by his nickname Slash, is a British musician and songwriter. He is best known as the former lead guitarist of the American hard rock band Guns N' Roses, with whom he achieved worldwide success in the late 1980s and early 1990s. During his later years with Guns N' Roses, Slash formed the side project Slash's Snakepit. He then co-founded the supergroup Velvet Revolver, which re-established him as a mainstream performer in the mid to late 2000s. Slash has since released two solo albums, Slash, featuring an all-star roster of guest musicians, and Apocalyptic Love, recorded with singer/guitarist Myles Kennedy of Alter Bridge, along with rhythm section Brent Fitz, Frank Sidoris and Todd Kerns, known on the album as The Conspirators.\nSlash has received critical acclaim as a guitarist. Time named him runner-up on their list of \"The 10 Best Electric Guitar Players\" in 2009, while Rolling Stone placed him at No. 65 on their list of \"The 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time\" in 2011. Guitar World ranked his solo in \"November Rain\" No. 6 on their list of \"The 100 Greatest Guitar Solos\" in 2008, and Total Guitar placed his riff in \"Sweet Child o' Mine\" at No. 1 on their list of \"The 100 Greatest Riffs\" in 2004. In 2012, he was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, along with other members of Guns N' Roses.
/m/0456zg	Alfie is a 2004 British/American comedy film based on the 1966 British film of the same name, starring Jude Law as the title character, originally played by Michael Caine. The film was written, directed and produced by Charles Shyer.
/m/070mff	The One Hundred Twelfth United States Congress was the meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, from January 3, 2011 until January 3, 2013. It convened in Washington, D.C. on January 3, 2011, and ended on January 3, 2013, 17 days before the end of the presidential term to which Barack Obama was elected in 2008. Senators elected to regular terms in 2006 completed those terms in this Congress. This Congress included the last House of Representatives elected from congressional districts that were apportioned based on the 2000 census.\nIn the 2010 midterm elections, the Republican Party won the majority in the House of Representatives. While the Democrats kept their Senate majority, it was reduced from the previous Congress. This was the first Congress in which the House and Senate were controlled by different parties since the 107th Congress, and the first Congress to begin that way since the 99th Congress. In this Congress, the House of Representatives had the largest number of Republican members, 242, since the 80th Congress. It was also the first Congress since 1947 in which no member of the Kennedy family served, as well as the most politically polarized Congress since Reconstruction, with record low approval ratings.
/m/0r4z7	Escondido is a city in North County occupying a shallow valley ringed by rocky hills, just north of the city of San Diego, California and 30 miles from Downtown San Diego. Founded in 1888, it is one of the oldest cities in San Diego County. The city had a population of 143,911 at the 2010 census. Its municipal government set itself an operating budget limit of $426,289,048 for the fiscal year 2010-2011. The city is known as Eskondiid in Diegueño.
/m/01t7jy	Acclaim Entertainment was an American video game developer and publisher. It developed, published, marketed and distributed interactive entertainment software for a variety of hardware platforms, including Mega Drive/Genesis, Saturn, Dreamcast, and Game Gear, NES, SNES, Nintendo 64, GameCube, Game Boy, Game Boy Color, and Game Boy Advance, PlayStation and PlayStation 2, Xbox, personal computer systems and arcade games. It also released video games for the Sega Master System in Europe.\nAfter Acclaim Entertainment's 2004 demise, the Acclaim brand and logotype were purchased by the unrelated company Acclaim Games. Canadian video game publisher Throwback Entertainment acquired more than 150 titles from Acclaim's video game library. In July 2010, We Go Interactive Co., Ltd., based in Seoul, Korea, purchased all IP related with Re-Volt, RC Revenge Pro, RC De GO from Throwback Entertainment.
/m/01f85k	In the Mood for Love is a 2000 Hong Kong film directed by Wong Kar-wai, starring Maggie Cheung and Tony Leung. The film premiered on 20 May 2000, at the 2000 Cannes Film Festival, where it was nominated for the Palme d'Or.\nThe film's original Chinese title, meaning \"the age of blossoms\" or \"the flowery years\" – Chinese metaphor for the fleeting time of youth, beauty and love – derives from a song of the same name by Zhou Xuan from a 1946 film. The English title derives from the song, \"I'm in the Mood for Love\". Wong had planned to name the film Secrets, until listening to the song late in post-production. The film forms the second part of an informal trilogy, together with the first part Days of Being Wild and the last part 2046.
/m/070b4	Sonic Youth was an American alternative rock band from New York City, formed in 1981. Their most recent lineup consisted of Thurston Moore, Kim Gordon, Lee Ranaldo, Steve Shelley and Mark Ibold. In their early career, Sonic Youth was associated with the No Wave art and music scene in New York City. Part of the first wave of American noise rock groups, the band carried out their interpretation of the hardcore punk ethos throughout the evolving American underground that focused more on the DIY ethic of the genre rather than its specific sound.\nThe band experienced relative commercial success and critical acclaim throughout their existence, continuing partly into the new millennium, including signing to major label DGC in 1990 and headlining the 1995 Lollapalooza festival. Sonic Youth have been praised for having \"redefined what rock guitar could do\", using a wide variety of unorthodox guitar tunings and preparing guitars with objects like drum sticks and screwdrivers to alter the instruments' timbre. The band is considered to be a pivotal influence on the alternative rock and indie rock movements.
/m/06sn8m	James Timothy \"Tim\" Daly is an American stage, screen and voice actor, director and producer. He is best known for his television role as Joe Hackett on the NBC sitcom Wings and for his voice role as Superman/Clark Kent in Superman: The Animated Series, as well as his recurring role of the drug-addicted screenwriter J.T. Dolan on The Sopranos for which he was nominated for an Emmy Award. He starred as Pete Wilder on Private Practice until his character was subsequently written out due to budgetary cuts.
/m/0dy68h	Angers Sporting Club de l'Ouest is a French association football club based in Angers. The club was founded in 1919 and currently play in Ligue 2, the second division of French football having achieved promotion to the league in 2007. Angers play its home matches at the Stade Jean Bouin located within the city. The club has played 23 seasons in the top division, Ligue 1, and have also participated in the UEFA Cup after finishing 4th in 1971–72 season.
/m/04bsx1	Dean Nicholas Saunders is a former Welsh international footballer who played as a striker in a professional career which lasted from 1982 until 2001.\nHe was a high profile Premier League player in the 1990s for both Liverpool and Aston Villa, and set a new British transfer record when he joined the former from Derby County. He began at his hometown club Swansea City before also playing for Brighton, Oxford United, Bradford City, Nottingham Forest and Sheffield United as well as spells abroad at both Galatasaray and Benfica.\nHe was capped 75 times at senior level for Wales between 1986 and 2001, scoring 22 times - making him one of the nation's highest scoring and most capped players of all time, although Wales never qualified for any major international competitions while Saunders was playing for them.\nFollowing his retirement from playing, he has entered football coaching and became manager of non-league Wrexham in 2008. He has since served as manager of both Doncaster Rovers and Wolverhampton Wanderers, but both appointments saw the clubs relegated from the Championship.
/m/01dnnt	The Royal Military Academy Sandhurst, commonly known simply as Sandhurst, is the British Army officer initial training centre located adjacent to the village of Sandhurst, Berkshire, about 55 kilometres southwest of London. The Academy's stated aim is to be \"the national centre of excellence for leadership.\" All British Army officers, including late entry officers who were previously Warrant Officers, as well as many from elsewhere in the world, are trained at Sandhurst. The Academy is the British Army equivalent of the Britannia Royal Naval College Dartmouth, Royal Air Force College Cranwell and the Commando Training Centre Royal Marines.
/m/029jt9	Samson and Delilah is a 1949 American epic religious romance film produced and directed by Cecil B. DeMille, shot in Technicolor, and released by Paramount Pictures. It stars Hedy Lamarr as Delilah, Victor Mature as Samson, George Sanders as the Saran, Angela Lansbury as Semadar, and Henry Wilcoxon as Ahtur. The screenplay, written by Jesse L. Lasky, Jr. and Fredric M. Frank, is based on the biblical Book of Judges and adapted from original film treatments by Harold Lamb and Vladimir Jabotinsky.\nSamson and Delilah is one of few pre-1950 sound films to remain under the ownership of Paramount Pictures. It was the highest-grossing film of 1950, and, adjusted for inflation, it is the sixth highest-grossing biblical film. Of its five Academy Award nominations, the film won two for Best Art Direction and Best Costume Design.
/m/0pc56	Stockton is a city in northern San Joaquin Valley and the county seat of San Joaquin County, California, United States. It is the fourth largest city in the state's Central Valley region. With a population of 300,000 at the 2012 census, Stockton ranks as the state's 13th most populous city. It is the State's 17th largest city in terms of land mass at 64.75 sq. mi. The city is located in Northern California, south of the state capital Sacramento and north of Modesto.\nStockton is along Interstate 5, State Route 99 and State Route 4 amid the farmland of the California Central Valley. It is connected westward with San Francisco Bay by the San Joaquin River's 78-mile channel, and is, with Sacramento, one of the state's two inland sea ports. In and around Stockton are thousands of miles of waterways and rivers that make up the California Delta.\nThe city hosts the annual Asparagus Festival and is the location of Haggin Museum, an art and history museum built in Victory Park in 1931. The museum displays 19th and 20th century works of art and houses local historical exhibits. For much of the later 19th century, starting with the Gold Rush, Stockton was one of the largest cities in the state, for a while the third largest city.
/m/03_nq	John Quincy Adams was an American statesman who served as the sixth President of the United States from 1825 to 1829. He also served as a diplomat, a United States Senator and a member of the House of Representatives. He was a member of the Federalist, Democratic-Republican, National Republican, and later Anti-Masonic and Whig parties. Adams was the son of former President John Adams and Abigail Adams. As a diplomat, Adams played an important role in negotiating many international treaties, most notably the Treaty of Ghent, which ended the War of 1812. As Secretary of State, he negotiated with the United Kingdom over the United States' northern border with Canada, negotiated with Spain the annexation of Florida, and authored the Monroe Doctrine. Historians agree he was one of the greatest diplomats and secretaries of state in American history.\nAs president, he sought to modernize the American economy and promoted education. Adams enacted a part of his agenda and paid off much of the national debt. He was stymied by a Congress controlled by his enemies, and his lack of patronage networks helped politicians eager to undercut him. He lost his 1828 bid for re-election to Andrew Jackson. In doing so, he became the first president since his father to serve a single term.
/m/08b0cj	Mohamed Kallon is a Sierra Leonean international footballer and considered the most famous footballer from Sierra Leone. He is currently playing for Sierra Leone club Kallon F.C.. He is the younger brother of former Sierra Leonean international footballers Kemokai Kallon and Musa Kallon.
/m/042xrr	Anthony Anderson is an American actor and writer. He has starred in his own sitcom, All About the Andersons, as well as the Fox sitcom The Bernie Mac Show during the fifth and final season of the show. He is also known for his leading roles in television dramas such as K-Ville, The Shield and Law & Order. He has also had supporting roles in films such as Transformers, The Departed, Agent Cody Banks 2: Destination London, Scream 4, and Kangaroo Jack.
/m/01qdjm	Wayne Shorter is an American jazz saxophonist and composer.\nJazz critic Ben Ratliff of the New York Times has described Shorter as \"probably jazz's greatest living small-group composer and a contender for greatest living improviser.\" Many of Shorter's compositions have become jazz standards. His output has earned worldwide recognition, critical praise and various commendations, including multiple Grammy Awards. He has also received acclaim for his mastery of the soprano saxophone, beginning an extended reign in 1970 as Down Beat's annual poll-winner on that instrument, winning the critics' poll for 10 consecutive years and the readers' for 18.\nShorter first came to wide prominence in the late 1950s as a member of, and eventually primary composer for, Art Blakey's Jazz Messengers. In the 1960s, he went on to join Miles Davis's Second Great Quintet, and from there he co-founded the jazz fusion band Weather Report. He has recorded over 20 albums as a bandleader.
/m/02jd_7	American Zoetrope is a privately run film studio, centred in San Francisco and founded by Francis Ford Coppola and George Lucas.\nOpened on 12 December 1969, American Zoetrope was an early adopter of digital filmmaking, including some of the earliest uses of HDTV. The studio has produced not only the films of Coppola, but also George Lucas's pre-Star Wars films, as well as many others by such cutting-edge directors as Jean-Luc Godard, Akira Kurosawa, Wim Wenders and Godfrey Reggio.\nFour films produced by American Zoetrope are included in the American Film Institute's Top 100 Films. American Zoetrope-produced films have received 15 Academy Awards and 68 nominations. Lost in Translation, written and directed by Sofia Coppola and also produced by Zoetrope, won the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay in 2003.
/m/08p1gp	Louisa Michelle \"Luci\" Christian is an American voice actress and ADR script writer at Funimation and Seraphim Digital who provided voices for a number of English versions of Japanese anime series, and video games.
/m/0355dz	The small forward, colloquially known as three, is one of the five positions in a regulation basketball game and is commonly abbreviated \"SF\". Small forwards are typically somewhat shorter, quicker, and leaner than power forwards and centers, but on occasion are just as tall. The small forward position is considered to be perhaps the most versatile of the five main basketball positions. Current NBA small forwards vary in height between 6' 6\" and 6' 10\". The typical placement for a small forward would be between the key and three-point line. Most small forwards are highly versatile and highly essential in a line-up.\nSmall forwards are primarily responsible for scoring points and also often as secondary or tertiary rebounders behind the power forwards and centers, although a few, such as Paul Pierce and LeBron James, who play as point forwards have considerable passing responsibilities. Many small forwards in professional basketball, however, are prolific scorers. The styles with which small forwards amass their points vary widely, as some players at the position like the Oklahoma City Thunder's Kevin Durant are very accurate straight up shooters, while others like the New York Knicks' Metta World Peace prefer to \"bang inside\", initiate and/or not shy away from physical contact with opposing players, while others are primarily slashers such as Carmelo Anthony and LeBron James who also possess jumpshots. One common thread among all kinds of small forwards is an ability to \"get to the line\", that is, having opposing players called for committing shooting fouls against them, as fouls are frequently called on the defense when offensive players \"take the ball hard\" to the basket; that is, the offensive players aggressively attempt post-up plays, lay-ups, or slam dunks. Therefore, accurate foul shooting is an imperative skill for small forwards, many of whom record a large portion of their points from the foul line.
/m/01wgjj5	Adam Ant is an English musician who gained popularity as the lead singer of new romantic /post-punk group Adam and the Ants and later as a solo artist, scoring 10 UK top ten hits from 1980 to 1983, including three No.1s. He has also worked as an actor, appearing in over two dozen films and television episodes from 1985 to 2003.\nSince 2010, Ant has undertaken an intensive reactivation of his musical career, performing live regularly in his hometown of London and beyond, recording and releasing a new album and with three full-length UK national tours, two US national tours and a short Australian tour all now completed
/m/0jgqg	C++ is a general purpose programming language that is free-form and compiled. It is regarded as an intermediate-level language, as it comprises both high-level and low-level language features. It provides imperative, object-oriented and generic programming features.\nC++ is one of the most popular programming languages and is implemented on a wide variety of hardware and operating system platforms. As an efficient performance driven programming language it is used in systems software, application software, device drivers, embedded software, high-performance server and client applications, and entertainment software such as video games. Various entities provide both open source and proprietary C++ compiler software, including the FSF, LLVM, Microsoft and Intel. C++ has influenced many other programming languages, for example, C# and Java.\nIt was developed by Bjarne Stroustrup starting in 1979 at Bell Labs, C++ was originally named C with Classes, adding object-oriented features, such as classes, and other enhancements to the C programming language. The language was renamed C++ in 1983, as a pun involving the increment operator. It began as enhancements to C, first adding classes, then virtual functions, operator overloading, multiple inheritance, templates and exception handling, alongside changes to the type system and other features.
/m/0c8qq	Anne of the Thousand Days is a 1969 British costume drama made by Hal Wallis Productions and distributed by Universal Pictures. It was directed by Charles Jarrott and produced by Hal B. Wallis. The film tells the story of Anne Boleyn. The screenplay is an adaptation by Bridget Boland, John Hale and Richard Sokolove of the 1948 play by Maxwell Anderson; Anderson's blank verse format was retained for only portions of the screenplay, such as Anne's soliloquy in the Tower of London, but then again, Anderson did not use blank verse throughout the play either, only in portions of it. The opening of the play was also changed, with Thomas Cromwell telling Henry VIII the outcome of the trial and Henry then recalling his marriage to Anne, rather than Anne speaking first and then Henry remembering in flashback.\nThe film stars Richard Burton as King Henry VIII and Geneviève Bujold as Anne Boleyn. Irene Papas plays Catherine of Aragon. Others in the cast include Anthony Quayle, John Colicos, Michael Hordern, Katharine Blake, Peter Jeffrey, Joseph O'Conor, William Squire, Vernon Dobtcheff, Denis Quilley, Esmond Knight and T. P. McKenna. Elizabeth Taylor makes a brief, uncredited appearance.\nDespite receiving some negative reviews and a mixed, but complimentary review from the New York Times and one from Pauline Kael, the film was nominated for ten Academy Awards and won the award for best costumes. Geneviève Bujold's portrayal of Anne, her first in an English-speaking film, was, however, very highly praised, even by Time magazine, which otherwise skewered the movie. According to the Academy Awards exposé Inside Oscar, an expensive advertising campaign was mounted by Universal Studios that included serving champagne and filet mignon to members of the Academy following each screening.
/m/017lqp	Sir Roger George Moore, KBE is an English actor. He is perhaps best known for playing British secret agent James Bond in the official film series for seven films between 1973 and 1985, and Simon Templar in The Saint from 1962 to 1969. He is also a Goodwill Ambassador for the charity organisation UNICEF.
/m/051qvn	1. Fußball- und Sportverein Mainz 05 e. V., usually shortened to 1. FSV Mainz 05, Mainz 05, or simply Mainz, is a German association football club, founded in 1905 and based in Mainz, Rhineland-Palatinate. 1. FSV Mainz 05 have played in the Bundesliga, the top tier of the German football league system, for four consecutive years, starting with the 2009–10 season. The club's main local rivals are Eintracht Frankfurt and 1. FC Kaiserslautern. In addition to the football division, 1. FSV Mainz 05 have handball and table tennis departments.
/m/014tss	The Kingdom of Great Britain was a sovereign state in north-west Europe that existed from 1 May 1707 to 31 December 1800. The state came into being with the union of the kingdoms of Scotland and England. With the Treaty of Union of 1706, ratified by the Acts of Union 1707, it was agreed to create a single, united kingdom, encompassing the whole of the island of Great Britain and its minor outlying islands. It did not include Ireland, which remained a separate realm under the newly created British crown. A single parliament and government, based at Westminster, controlled the new kingdom. The former kingdoms had shared the same monarch since James VI, King of Scots, became King of England in 1603 following the death of Queen Elizabeth I, bringing about a \"Union of the Crowns\".\nOn 1 January 1801, the kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland merged to form the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. In 1922 the Irish Free State seceded from the United Kingdom, leading to the latter being renamed the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
/m/0264jc6	Freak folk is a genre of folk music which uses mainly acoustic instrumentation, but introduces elements of avant-garde music, baroque pop, and psychedelic folk, often featuring uncommon sounds, lyrical themes, and vocal styles.
/m/021sv1	Daniel Ken \"Dan\" Inouye was a Medal of Honor recipient, a recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom, a United States Senator from Hawaii, a member of the Democratic Party, and the President pro tempore of the United States Senate from 2010 until his death in 2012, making him the highest-ranking Asian American politician in U.S. history. Inouye was the chairman of the U.S. Senate Committee on Appropriations.\nA senator since 1963, Inouye was the most senior U.S. senator at the time of his death. He is the second-longest serving U.S. Senator in history after Robert Byrd. Inouye continuously represented Hawaii in the U.S. Congress since it achieved statehood in 1959 until the time of his death, serving as Hawaii's first U.S. Representative and later a senator. Inouye was the first Japanese American to serve in the U.S. House of Representatives and later the first in the U.S. Senate. Before then, he served in the Hawaii territorial house from 1954 to 1958 and the territorial senate from 1958 to 1959. He never lost an election in 58 years as an elected official. At the time of his death, Inouye was the second-oldest sitting U.S. senator, after Frank Lautenberg of New Jersey.
/m/016fyc	The Usual Suspects is a 1995 American crime-thriller film directed by Bryan Singer and written by Christopher McQuarrie. It stars Stephen Baldwin, Gabriel Byrne, Benicio del Toro, Chazz Palminteri, Kevin Pollak, Pete Postlethwaite, and Kevin Spacey.\nThe film follows the interrogation of Roger \"Verbal\" Kint, a small-time con man who is one of only two survivors of a massacre and fire on a ship docked at the Port of Los Angeles. He tells an interrogator a convoluted story about events that led him and four other criminals to the boat, and of a mysterious mob boss known as Keyser Söze who commissioned their work. Using flashback and narration, Kint's story becomes increasingly complex.\nThe film, shot on a $6 million budget, began as a title taken from a column in Spy magazine called \"The Usual Suspects\", after one of Claude Rains' most memorable lines in the classic film Casablanca. Singer thought it would make a good title for a film, the poster for which he and McQuarrie had developed as the first visual idea.\nThe Usual Suspects was shown out of competition at the 1995 Cannes Film Festival, and then initially released in a few theaters. It received favorable reviews, and was eventually given a wider release. McQuarrie won an Academy Award for Best Writing and Spacey won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his performance.
/m/0hx5f	Durham is a city in North East England. It is within the County Durham local government district, and is the county town of the larger ceremonial county. The city sits on the River Wear, to the south of Newcastle upon Tyne and to the north of Darlington. Durham is well known for its Norman cathedral and 11th century castle, both designated a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1986. The castle has been the home of Durham University since 1832. HM Prison Durham is also located close to the city centre.
/m/09wnnb	National Treasure: Book of Secrets is a 2007 mystery/adventure film. It is a sequel to the 2004 film National Treasure and is the second part of the National Treasure franchise. It was directed by Jon Turteltaub, produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and released by Walt Disney Pictures. The film stars Nicolas Cage, Diane Kruger, Justin Bartha, Jon Voight, Harvey Keitel, Ed Harris, Bruce Greenwood, and Helen Mirren.\nIt was stated in the first film's commentary that there were no plans for a sequel, but due to the first film's impressive box-office performance, earning $347.5 million worldwide, a sequel was given the go-ahead in 2005. It took 38 days of release for the sequel to out-gross the original.\nThe film premiered in New York City on December 13, 2007, and was first released in Korea and Taiwan on December 19, 2007. It was then released in Australia and the Middle East on December 20, 2007. The film opened in the United States, Canada, Japan, Spain, and Italy on December 21, 2007. It was released in Germany and The Netherlands on January 24, 2008, and in the United Kingdom and Denmark on February 8, 2008.
/m/0fq7dv_	Saw is a 2004 American independent horror film directed by James Wan. The screenplay, written by Leigh Whannell, is based on a story by Wan and Whannell. The film stars Cary Elwes, Danny Glover, Monica Potter, Michael Emerson, Ken Leung, Tobin Bell, and Whannell. It is the debut of Wan and Whannell and the first installment of the seven-part Saw franchise.\nThe film's story revolves around Adam and Lawrence, two men who are chained in a dilapidated subterranean bathroom and are each given instructions via a microcassette recorder explaining how to escape. Adam is told he must escape the bathroom, while Lawrence is told to kill Adam before a certain time, or Lawrence's family will die. Meanwhile, police detectives investigate and attempt to find the victims' location and apprehend the mastermind behind this \"game\" and several other similar incidents.\nThe screenplay was written in 2001, but after failed attempts to get the script produced in Wan and Whannell's home country, Australia, they were urged to travel to Los Angeles. In order to help attract producers they shot a low-budget short film of the same name from a scene out of the script. This proved successful in 2003 as producers from Evolution Entertainment were immediately attached and also formed a horror genre production label Twisted Pictures. The film was given a small budget and shot on a short schedule of 18 days.
/m/0486tv	Freestyle wrestling is a style of amateur wrestling that is practiced throughout the world. Along with Greco-Roman, it is one of the two styles of wrestling contested in the Olympic games. It is, along with track and field, one of the oldest organized sports in history. American high school and college wrestling is conducted under different rules and is termed scholastic and collegiate wrestling.\nFreestyle wrestling, like collegiate wrestling, has its greatest origins in catch-as-catch-can wrestling and, in both styles, the ultimate goal is to throw and pin your opponent to the mat, which results in an immediate win. Freestyle and collegiate wrestling, unlike Greco-Roman, also both allow the use of the wrestler's or his opponent's legs in offense and defense. Freestyle wrestling is the most complete style of standup wrestling and brings together traditional wrestling, judo, and sambo techniques.\nAccording to the International Federation of Associated Wrestling Styles, freestyle wrestling is one of the four main forms of amateur competitive wrestling that are practiced internationally today. The other main forms of wrestling are Greco-Roman and Grappling. The Executive Board of the International Olympic Committee recommended dropping wrestling as a sport from the 2020 Olympic Games, but the decision was later reversed by the IOC.
/m/0hz35	Waltham is a city in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States, and was an early center for the labor movement as well as a major contributor to the American Industrial Revolution. The original home of the Boston Manufacturing Company, the city was a prototype for 19th century industrial city planning, spawning what became known as the Waltham-Lowell system of labor and production. The city is now a center for research and higher education, home to Brandeis University and Bentley University. The population was 60,636 at the census in 2010.\nWaltham is commonly referred to as Watch City because of its association with the watch industry. Waltham Watch Company opened its factory in Waltham in 1854 and was the first company to make watches on an assembly line. It won the gold medal in 1876 at the Philadelphia Centennial Exposition. The company produced over 35 million watches, clocks and instruments before it closed in 1957.
/m/0mn8t	Portsmouth is located in the U.S. Commonwealth of Virginia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 95,535.\nPorstmouth is located in the Hampton Roads metropolitan area.\nThe Norfolk Naval Shipyard, often called the Norfolk Navy Yard, is a historic and active U.S. Navy facility that is actually located in Portsmouth rather than Norfolk; the name \"Norfolk\" was adopted to avoid confusion with Portsmouth, New Hampshire, where a naval shipyard already existed when the Virginia facility opened. The shipyard builds, remodels, and repairs the Navy's ships of all types.\nDirectly opposite Norfolk, the city of Portsmouth also has miles of waterfront land on the Elizabeth River as part of the harbor of Hampton Roads. There is a ferry boat that takes riders back and forth across the water between Downtown Norfolk and Olde Towne Portsmouth.
/m/06kx2	Reno is a city in the US state of Nevada. Known as \"The Biggest Little City in the World\", Reno is famous for its casinos. The city is situated in the northwestern part of the state and is the county seat of Washoe County. Reno is the most populous Nevada city outside of the Las Vegas metropolitan area. As of the 2010 census, the city had a population of 225,221 making it the fourth most populous city in the state after Las Vegas, Henderson, and North Las Vegas. The city sits in a high desert valley at the foot of the Sierra Nevada.\nReno is the birthplace of Caesars Entertainment Corporation.The Reno–Sparks metropolitan area is informally called the Truckee Meadows and consists of nearly 500,000 residents.
/m/0m491	Ferris Bueller's Day Off is a 1986 American coming-of-age comedy film written, produced and directed by John Hughes.\nThe film follows high school senior Ferris Bueller, who decides to skip school and spend the day in downtown Chicago. Accompanied by his girlfriend Sloane Peterson and his best friend Cameron Frye, he creatively avoids his school's Dean of Students Edward Rooney, his resentful sister Jeanie, and his parents. During the film, Bueller frequently breaks the fourth wall by speaking directly to the camera to explain to the audience his thoughts and techniques.\nHughes wrote the screenplay in less than a week and shot the film—on a budget of $5.8 million—over several months in late 1985. Featuring many famous Chicago landmarks including the then Sears Tower and the Art Institute of Chicago, the film was Hughes' love letter to the city: \"I really wanted to capture as much of Chicago as I could. Not just in the architecture and landscape, but the spirit.\"\nReleased by Paramount Pictures on June 11, 1986, Ferris Bueller's Day Off became one of the top-grossing films of the year and was enthusiastically received by critics and audiences alike.
/m/018sg9	The University of St Andrews is a public research university in St Andrews, Fife, Scotland. It is the oldest of the four ancient universities of Scotland, and the third oldest in the English-speaking world. It was founded between 1410 and 1413 when the Avignon Antipope Benedict XIII issued a Papal Bull to a small founding group of Augustinian clergy. In post-nominals the university's name is abbreviated as St And.\nSt Andrews is ranked as the fourth best university in the UK by the Guardian University Guide 2013 and the Times Good University Guide 2014. Its Physics and Astronomy programme is ranked second in the UK, after that of the University of Cambridge, by the Times University Guide. The Times Higher Education World Universities Ranking names St Andrews among the world’s Top 20 Arts and Humanities universities. In the 2012 National Student Survey St Andrews had the highest student satisfaction among Scottish Universities. St Andrews requires the 3rd highest entry grades of any comprehensive university in the UK.\nThe University is located in the small town of St Andrews in rural Fife. In term time, over a third of the town's population is either a staff member or student of the university. The student body is notably diverse: over 30% of its intake come from well over 100 countries, 15% from North America; The University's sport teams compete in BUCS competitions., and the student body is known for preserving a variety of other traditions.
/m/011_6p	The kazoo is a musical instrument that adds a \"buzzing\" timbral quality to a player's voice when the player vocalizes into it. The kazoo is a type of mirliton, which is a membranophone, one of a class of instruments which modifies its player's voice by way of a vibrating membrane.
/m/02k_kn	Soft rock or light rock is a style of music which uses the techniques of rock music to compose a softer, more toned-down sound.
/m/058nh2	Bryan Forbes, CBE was an English film director, screenwriter, film producer, actor and novelist, described as a \"Renaissance man\" and \"one of the most important figures in the British film industry\". Best known as the director of the film The Stepford Wives, he wrote and directed several other critically acclaimed films, including Whistle Down the Wind, Séance on a Wet Afternoon, and King Rat. He also scripted several films directed by others The League of Gentlemen, The Angry Silence and Only Two Can Play.
/m/06jplb	New World Communications Group, Inc. was an American independent motion picture and television production company, and later television station owner in the United States from the late 1980s to the mid-1990s. 21st Century Fox, controlled by Rupert Murdoch, became a major investor in 1994 and purchased the company outright in 1997; the alliance with Murdoch helped to cement the Fox network as the fourth major U.S. television network.\nAlthough effectively defunct, it, along with various regional subsidiaries, continues to exist as holding companies within the complex 21st Century Fox corporate structure.
/m/01njxvw	Alberto Iglesias Fernández-Berridi is a Spanish composer. He wrote the music for several Spanish films, mostly from Pedro Almodóvar. He has been nominated for an Academy Award for his work in the films The Constant Gardener, The Kite Runner and again for Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy. His other film credits include soundtracks for Steven Soderbergh's Che.
/m/02h7s73	The 1927 Major League Baseball season began in April 1927 and ended with the 1927 World Series in October. No no-hitters were thrown during the season.
/m/0525b	Miranda Jane Richardson is an English stage, film and television actress. She has been nominated for two Academy Awards, and has won two Golden Globes and a BAFTA during her career.
/m/0dz3r	A record producer is an individual working within the music industry, whose job is to oversee and manage the recording of an artist's music. A producer has many roles that may include, but are not limited to, gathering ideas for the project, selecting songs and/or musicians, coaching the artist and musicians in the studio, controlling the recording sessions, and supervising the entire process through mixing and mastering. Producers also often take on a wider entrepreneurial role, with responsibility for the budget, schedules, and negotiations.\nToday, the recording industry has two kinds of producers: executive producer and music producer; they have different roles. While an executive producer oversees a project's finances, a music producer oversees the creation of the music.\nA music producer can, in some cases, be compared to a film director, with noted practitioner Phil Ek describing his role as \"the person who creatively guides or directs the process of making a record, like a director would a movie. The engineer would be more the cameraman of the movie.\" The music producer's job is to create, shape, and mold a piece of music. The scope of responsibility may be one or two songs or an artist's entire album – in which case the producer will typically develop an overall vision for the album and how the various songs may interrelate.
/m/02_j7t	David Edward Williams, known as David Walliams, is an English comedian, actor, author and television presenter, well known for his partnership with Matt Lucas on the BBC One sketch show Little Britain and its predecessor Rock Profile. Walliams, alongside Lucas, wrote and starred in the BBC sitcom Come Fly with Me. Since August 2013, he has written and starred in the BBC One sitcom Big School, playing Chemistry teacher Keith Church.\nSince 2012, David has been a judge on the ITV talent show Britain's Got Talent. He compèred the 2012 Royal Variety Performance.\nBeginning in 2008, Walliams has written six children's books, including Mr Stink which was made into a 60-minute film, starring Hugh Bonneville, Sheridan Smith and Johnny Vegas. The film premiered on BBC One on 23 December 2012 and was watched by 6.34 million viewers.\nHis fourth book Gangsta Granny was made into a 70-minute film starring Rob Brydon, Miranda Hart and Julia McKenzie. The film premiered on BBC One on 26 December 2013.
/m/011lpr	John Randolph \"Jack\" Webb, also known by the pen name John Randolph, was an American actor, television producer, director, and screenwriter, who is most famous for his role as Sergeant Joe Friday in the radio and television series Dragnet. He was also the founder of his own production company, Mark VII Limited.
/m/03xx9l	David Alan Grier, also known as DAG, is an American actor and comedian known for his work on the sketch comedy television show In Living Color.
/m/0blbx	Glasnevin Cemetery, officially known as Prospect Cemetery, is the largest non-denominational cemetery in Ireland with an estimated 1.5 million burials. It first opened in 1832, and is located in Glasnevin, Dublin.
/m/017l4	Göran Bror Benny Andersson, known professionally as Benny Andersson, is a Swedish musician, composer, former member of the Swedish musical group ABBA, and co-composer of the musicals Chess, Kristina från Duvemåla, and Mamma Mia!. As of 2011 he is active with his own band Benny Anderssons Orkester, and was executive producer for the film version of the musical Mamma Mia!.
/m/0294j	Death is the cessation of all biological functions that sustain a living organism. Phenomena which commonly bring about death include biological aging, predation, malnutrition, disease, suicide, murder and accidents or trauma resulting in terminal injury. Bodies of living organisms begin to decompose shortly after death. There is no scientific evidence that suggests consciousness survives the death of an organism.\nIn society, the nature of death and humanity's awareness of its own mortality has for millennia been a concern of the world's religious traditions and of philosophical inquiry. This includes belief in resurrection, reincarnation or rebirth, or that consciousness permanently ceases to exist, known as eternal oblivion.\nCommemoration ceremonies after death may include various mourning or funeral practices. The physical remains of a person, commonly known as a corpse or body, are usually interred whole or cremated, though among the world's cultures there are a variety of other methods of mortuary disposal. In the English language, blessings directed towards a dead person include rest in peace, or its initialism RIP.
/m/025x1t	Freakazoid! is an American animated television series created by Bruce Timm and Paul Dini for the Kids' WB programming block of The WB. The series chronicles the adventures of the title character, Freakazoid, a manic, insane superhero who battles with an array of super villains. The show also features mini-episodes of adventures of other bizarre superheroes. The show was produced by Amblin Entertainment and Warner Bros. Animation. The cartoon was the third animated series produced by the collaboration of Steven Spielberg and Warner Bros. Animation during the animation renaissance of the late 1980s and early 1990s.\nBruce Timm, best known as a major principal of the DC animated universe, originally intended it to be a straightforward superhero action-adventure cartoon with comic overtones, but executive producer Steven Spielberg asked series producer and writer Tom Ruegger and the Animaniacs team to turn Freakazoid! into a flat-out comedy. The show is similar to fellow Ruegger-led programs such as Animaniacs, and the humor is unique in its inclusions of slapstick, fourth wall firings, parody, surreal humor, and pop cultural references.\nThe series was one of the first to debut on the new Kids' WB Saturday morning block of The WB, on September 9, 1995. The series lasted for two seasons, finishing with 24 episodes, the final one broadcast on June 1, 1997. Although the series originally struggled in the ratings, reruns on Cartoon Network and a fan following have elevated the series to become a cult hit. The show also ranked #53 on IGN's 'Top 100 Animated Series' list.
/m/0nv6n	McHenry County is a county located in the U.S. state of Illinois. According to the 2010 census, it had a population of 308,760, which is an increase of 18.7% from 260,077 in 2000. However, a 2011 estimate puts the population of the county at 327,533 with a population growth of 25.87% since 2000. Its county seat is Woodstock.\nMcHenry County is one of the five collar counties and is part of the Chicago metropolitan area. It is the sixth largest county, in terms of population, in the state of Illinois. Long known as a center of agriculture and recreation, it has more recently experienced rapid rates of suburbanization and urbanization.
/m/04z542	Michael Lerner is an American actor.
/m/0fcgd	The Pennine Alps are a mountain range in the western part of the Alps. They are located in Switzerland and Italy. They are not to be confused with the Pennines.
/m/02663p2	The California Golden Bears football team is the college football team of the University of California, Berkeley. The team plays its home games at California Memorial Stadium. Memorial Stadium was built to honor Berkeley alumni, students, and other Californians who died in World War I and modeled after the Colosseum in Rome. Memorial Stadium was named one of the 40 best college football stadiums by the Sporting News. The team also has produced two of the oddest and most memorable plays in college football: Roy \"Wrong Way\" Riegels' fumble recovery and run toward the Cal goal line in the 1929 Rose Bowl, and The Play in the 1982 Big Game with the winning kickoff return after five laterals. The current head coach is Sonny Dykes, who began his tenure at Cal on December 5, 2012.
/m/091n7z	Laura Dawn Bailey is an American actress, voice actress, ADR director, and line producer. She has provided voices for a number of English-language versions of Japanese anime films, television series, and video games. She is best known for voicing Maka Albarn in Soul Eater\nSome others of her notable roles in anime include Kid Trunks in Dragon Ball Z, Tohru Honda in Fruits Basket, Lust in Fullmetal Alchemist and Shinnosuke \"Shin\" Nohara in Crayon Shin-Chan, the last of which she also served as the line producer. In video games, she provides the voice of Rayne in the Bloodrayne series; Chun Li in the newer titles of the Street Fighter series; Rise Kujikawa in Persona 4 and Persona 4: Arena; Lucina in Fire Emblem: Awakening; Serah Farron in Final Fantasy XIII and Final Fantasy XIII-2; Serana in The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim - Dawnguard; and Jaina Proudmoore in World of Warcraft.
/m/01gsvp	The Nineteenth United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, consisting of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, D.C. from March 4, 1825 to March 4, 1827, during the first two years of the administration of U.S. President John Quincy Adams. The apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives was based on the Fourth Census of the United States in 1820. The Senate had a majority of Jackson Men, while the House had an Anti-Jackson majority.
/m/01l78d	The Tony Award for Best Play is an annual award celebrating achievements in live American theatre, including musical theatre, honoring productions on Broadway in New York. It currently takes place in mid-June each year.\nThere was no award in the Tony's first year. All My Sons has been incorrectly categorized as the Best Play of 1947, but it won the Best Author award for Arthur Miller. The following year Mister Roberts received the first Tony Award as Best Play. Authors and the producers are presented with the award.
/m/03c602	Alejandro Sanz is a Spanish singer-songwriter and musician. For his work, Sanz has won a total of fifteen Latin Grammy Awards and three Grammy Awards. He has won the Latin Grammy for Album of the Year three times, more than any other artist. Throughout his career, he has released a total of eight studio albums and six DVDs. The singer is noted for his flamenco-influenced ballads, but he has also experimented with rock, salsa, and hip hop. Born in Madrid, Sanz began playing guitar at age seven, taking influence from his family's flamenco roots. He released his debut album at age sixteen, although he did not gain commercial success in Spain until his second release, Viviendo Deprisa.\nHis next two records, Si Tú Me Miras and 3 also fared well commercially, but it was his 1997 breakthrough album Más that garnered international success. El Alma al Aire followed in 2000, selling more than a million copies in its first week. In 2002, he became the first Spanish artist to record an MTV Unplugged album. His collaboration with Shakira on the single \"La Tortura\" reached number one on several charts worldwide. His albums No Es lo Mismo and El Tren de los Momentos showed Sanz experimenting with more diverse styles of music, while his most recent release, Paraíso Express served as a return to form for the musician. He signed to Universal Music Group in 2011 and released his ninth studio album, La Música No Se Toca, on September 25, 2012.
/m/07t21	Ukraine (English pronunciation /juːˈkreɪn/; Ukrainian: Україна, Ukrayina, /ukrɑˈjinɑ/) is a country in Eastern Europe. It borders Russia to the east, Belarus to the north, Poland, Slovakia and Hungary to the west, Romania and Moldova to the southwest, and the Black Sea and the Sea of Azov to the south. Thecity of Kiev (Kyiv) is the country's capital.FlagHistoryDemographicsGovernmentEconomyConstitutionMilitaryPoliticsPresidentPrime MinisterCabinet of MinistersSports
/m/0m2lt	New Castle County is the northernmost of the three counties of the U.S. state of Delaware. As of the 2010 census, its population was 538,479, an increase of 7.6% over the previous decade. The county seat is Wilmington. The center of population of Delaware is located in New Castle County. It is the most affluent of the three counties in the state of Delaware. In addition it is the smallest in area but largest in population. New Castle County Executive Tom Gordon took office on November 13, 2012.\nThis county is part of the Delaware Valley area.
/m/040981l	Vincent Piazza is an American film, television and stage actor best known for his roles in the television series Boardwalk Empire and the 2007 film Rocket Science.
/m/06cx9	A republic is a form of government in which power is held by the people and representatives they elect, and affairs of state are a \"public matter\", rather than privately accommodated. In modern times the definition of a republic is also commonly limited to a government which excludes a monarch. Currently, 135 of the world's 206 sovereign states use the word \"republic\" as part of their official names.\nBoth modern and ancient republics vary widely in their ideology and composition. In classical and medieval times the archetype of all republics was the Roman Republic, which referred to Rome in between the period when it had kings, and the period when it had emperors. The Italian medieval and Renaissance political tradition today referred to as \"civic humanism\" is sometimes considered to derive directly from Roman republicans such as Sallust and Tacitus. However, Greek-influenced Roman authors, such as Polybius and Cicero, sometimes also used the term as a translation for the Greek politeia which could mean regime generally, but could also be applied to certain specific types of regime which did not exactly correspond to that of the Roman Republic. Republics were not equated with classical democracies such as Athens, but had a democratic aspect.
/m/01kkk4	The New England Revolution is an American professional soccer club based in Foxborough, Massachusetts that competes in Major League Soccer. It is one of the ten charter clubs of MLS, having competed in the league since its inception.\nThe club is owned by Robert Kraft, who also owns the New England Patriots. The name \"Revolution\" refers to the New England region's significant involvement in the American Revolution.\nThe Revs currently play their home matches at Gillette Stadium. The club played their home games at the adjacent and now-demolished Foxboro Stadium, from 1996 until 2001. The Revs hold the distinction of being the only original MLS team to have every league game in its history televised.\nThe Revolution were one of the ten original MLS franchises to compete in the league's inaugural season. However, it took them until 2007—their twelfth year of existence—to win their first trophy, the 2007 US Open Cup. The following year, they won the 2008 North American SuperLiga. The Revolution have never won an MLS Cup nor MLS Supporters' Shield, despite reaching the MLS Cup finals in 2002, 2005, 2006, and 2007; and having the second best regular season record in 2005.
/m/01gsvb	The Eighteenth United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, consisting of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, D.C. from March 4, 1823 to March 4, 1825, during the seventh and eighth years of James Monroe's presidency. The apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives was based on the Fourth Census of the United States in 1820. Both chambers had a Democratic-Republican majority.
/m/0432b	James Francis Cagney, Jr. was an American actor and dancer, both on stage and in film, though it is film where he has had his greatest impact. Known for his consistently energetic performances, distinctive vocal stylings and deadpan comic timing he won acclaim and major awards for a wide variety of performances. He is best remembered for playing multi-faceted tough guys in movies like The Public Enemy and Angels With Dirty Faces and was even typecast or limited by this view earlier in his career. In 1999, the American Film Institute ranked him eighth among its 50 Greatest American Screen Legends. No less a student of drama than Orson Welles said of Cagney that he was \"maybe the greatest actor to ever appear in front of a camera.\"\nIn his first professional acting performance, Cagney danced costumed as a woman in the chorus line of the 1919 revue Every Sailor. He spent several years in vaudeville as a hoofer and comedian, until he got his first major acting part in 1925. He secured several other roles, receiving good notices, before landing the lead in the 1929 play Penny Arcade. After rave reviews, Warner Bros. signed him for an initial $500-a-week, three-week contract to reprise his role; this was quickly extended to a seven-year contract.
/m/08tq4x	Ulysses' Gaze is a 1995 Greek film directed by Theo Angelopoulos. The actor Gian Maria Volonté died during the filming. He was replaced by Erland Josephson.
/m/05q54f5	Fair Game is a 2010 biographical spy drama film directed by Doug Liman and starring Naomi Watts and Sean Penn. It is based on Valerie Plame's memoir, Fair Game: My Life as a Spy, My Betrayal by the White House, and Joseph C. Wilson's memoir, The Politics of Truth: Inside the Lies that Led to War and Betrayed My Wife's CIA Identity: A Diplomat's Memoir.\nNaomi Watts stars as Plame and Sean Penn as her husband, Joseph C. Wilson. It was released in 2010 and was one of the official selections competing for the Palme d'Or at the 2010 Cannes Film Festival. The film won the \"Freedom of Expression Award\" from the National Board of Review. The film marked Watts' and Penn's third collaboration, having previously co-starred in the films 21 Grams and The Assassination of Richard Nixon.
/m/01k5zk	Mary Debra Winger is an American actress and producer. She gained critical acclaim for her performance in Urban Cowboy in 1980. She then gave Academy Award-nominated performances in An Officer and a Gentleman, Terms of Endearment, and Shadowlands.\nShe has been nominated for four Golden Globe awards, two BAFTA awards, an Emmy Award, and won the National Society of Film Critics Award for Best Actress for Terms of Endearment and the Tokyo International Film Festival Award for Best Actress for A Dangerous Woman. She was also an executive producer of the Academy Award-nominated documentary Gasland.
/m/0g686w	In the United States uniformed services, captain is a commissioned officer rank. In keeping with the traditions of the militaries of most nations, the rank varies between the services, being a senior rank in the naval services and a junior rank in the ground and air forces.\nFor the naval rank, a captain is a senior officer of pay grade O-6, typically commanding seagoing vessels, major aviation commands and shore installations. This rank is used by the U.S. Navy, U.S. Coast Guard, U.S. Public Health Service Commissioned Corps, the NOAA Commissioned Corps, and the U.S. Maritime Service.\nFor the ground and air forces rank, a captain is of pay grade O-3, usually serving as the commander of a company-sized unit in the ground forces, as a flight leader or other squadron officer in air units, or serving as an executive officer or staff officer for a larger unit such as a battalion or squadron. This rank is used by the U.S. Army, U.S. Air Force, and U.S. Marine Corps.\nThe rank of captain may also be used in other organizations outside of the military, particularly in fire departments, police, and law enforcement.
/m/01445t	A sportsperson, is a person trained to compete in a sport involving physical strength, speed or endurance. Sports people may be professional or amateur.\nMost professional sports people have particularly well-developed physiques obtained by extensive physical training and strict exercise accompanied by a strict dietary regimen.\nThe word \"athlete\" is a romanization of the Greek: άθλητὴς, athlētēs, one who participates in a contest; from ἂθλος, áthlos, or ἂθλον, áthlon, a contest or feat. The term may be used as a synonym for sportspeople in general, but it also has stronger connotations of people who compete in athletic sports, as opposed to other sporting types such as horse riding and driving. In British English athlete can also have a more specific meaning of people who compete in the sport of athletics.
/m/059x3p	Lakeshore Entertainment Group is an American independent film production company founded in 1994 by Tom Rosenberg and Ted Tannebaum. Lakeshore Entertainment is headquartered in Beverly Hills, California. The company has produced over 40 films, including the Academy Award-winning Million Dollar Baby as well as Runaway Bride, The Hunted, Bulletproof Monk, Mothman Prophecies, The Gift, Arlington Road,The Exorcism of Emily Rose and Autumn in New York. The company's president is producer Gary Lucchesi. The company also has a record label division, Lakeshore Records.
/m/0cp08zg	Cave of Forgotten Dreams is a 2010 3D documentary film by Werner Herzog about the Chauvet Cave in southern France that contains the oldest human-painted images yet discovered. Some of them were crafted as much as 32,000 years ago. The film premiered at the 2010 Toronto International Film Festival and consists of images from inside the cave as well as of interviews with various scientists and historians. The film also includes footage of the nearby Pont d'Arc natural bridge.
/m/098sv2	Alexandre Trauner was a production designer.\nAfter studying painting at Hungarian Royal Drawing School, he emigrated to Paris in 1929, where he became the assistant of set designer Lazare Meerson, working on such films as À nous la liberté and La Kermesse héroïque. In 1937, he became a chief set designer.\nHe worked on the majority of Marcel Carné's films, including Quai des brumes, Le Jour se lève, and Les Enfants du paradis.\nHe designed sets for Witness for the Prosecution directed by Billy Wilder and other Wilder films, John Huston's The Man Who Would Be King, Joseph Losey's Don Giovanni, Luc Besson's Subway.\nIn 1980, he was a member of the jury at the 30th Berlin International Film Festival.
/m/0mx4_	Linn County is a county located in the Willamette Valley region of the U.S. state of Oregon. As of the 2010 census, the population was 116,672. The county seat is Albany. It is named in honor of Lewis F. Linn, a U.S. Senator from Missouri who advocated the American occupation of the Oregon Country.
/m/0hjy	Alaska is a U.S. state situated in the northwest extremity of the North American continent. Bordering the state to the east is the Canadian Yukon Territory and the province of British Columbia, the Arctic Ocean to the north, and the Pacific Ocean to the west and south, with Russia further west across the Bering Strait. Alaska is the largest state in the United States by area, the 4th least populous and the least densely populated of the 50 United States. Approximately half of Alaska's 731,449 residents live within the Anchorage metropolitan area. Alaska's economy is dominated by the oil, natural gas, and fishing industries, resources which it has in abundance. Tourism is also a significant part of the economy.\nAlthough it had been occupied for thousands of years by indigenous peoples, from the 18th century onward, European powers considered the territory of Alaska ripe for exploitation. The United States purchased Alaska from Russia on March 30, 1867, for $7.2 million at approximately two cents per acre. The area went through several administrative changes before becoming organized as a territory on May 11, 1912. It was admitted as the 49th state of the U.S. on January 3, 1959.
/m/043n1r5	Yentl is a 1983 romantic musical drama film from MGM, and directed, co-written, co-produced, and starring Barbra Streisand based on the play of the same name by Leah Napolin and Isaac Bashevis Singer, itself based on Singer's short story \"Yentl the Yeshiva Boy\".\nThe dramatic story incorporates humor and music to relate the odyssey of an Ashkenazi Jewish girl in Poland who decides to dress and live like a man so that she can receive an education in Talmudic Law after her father dies. The film's musical score and songs, composed by Michel Legrand, include the songs \"Papa, Can You Hear Me?\" and \"The Way He Makes Me Feel\", both sung by Streisand. The film received the Academy Award for Best Original Score and the Golden Globe Awards for Best Motion Picture-comedy and Best Director for Streisand making her the first woman to have won Best Director at the Golden Globes.
/m/02hft3	Gettysburg College is a private, four-year liberal arts college founded in 1832, in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, United States, adjacent to the famous battlefield. Its athletic teams are nicknamed the Bullets. Gettysburg College has about 2,700 students, with roughly equal numbers of men and women. Gettysburg students come from 43 states and 32 countries. In 2012, U.S. News & World Report ranked it 46th among Best Liberal Arts Colleges.\nThe college is the home of The Gettysburg Review, a literary magazine.
/m/02__94	Frank Borzage was an American film director and actor.
/m/024qqx	Blockbuster, as applied to film, theatre, and sometimes also video games, denotes a very popular or successful production. The entertainment industry use was originally theatrical slang referring to a particularly successful play, but is now used by the film industry and the pharmaceutical industry and others. The term \"blockbuster\" in film generally speaks to the size of both the narrative and the scale of production. On the other hand, a \"blockbuster\" drug generally implies a successfully marketed therapeutic drug.
/m/01xcfy	Naomi Ellen Watts is a British-Australian actress and film producer. She began her career in Australia, making her screen debut in the drama film For Love Alone and then appeared in the television series Hey Dad..!, Brides of Christ and Home and Away and alongside Nicole Kidman and Thandie Newton in the coming-of-age comedy-drama film Flirting. After moving to America, Watts appeared in films, including Tank Girl, Children of the Corn IV: The Gathering and Dangerous Beauty and had the lead role in the television series Sleepwalkers.\nAfter years as a struggling actress, Watts gained critical acclaim for her work in David Lynch's psychological thriller Mulholland Drive. The following year, she received public recognition for her role in the box office hit horror film The Ring. She then received nominations for the Academy Award and the Screen Actors Guild Award for Best Actress for her portrayal of Cristina Peck in Alejandro González Iñárritu's neo-noir 21 Grams. Her subsequent films include David O. Russell's comedy I Heart Huckabees, the remake of King Kong, the crime-thriller Eastern Promises and the thriller The International. Since then, Watts has portrayed Valerie Plame Wilson in the biographical drama Fair Game and Helen Gandy in Clint Eastwood's biographical drama J. Edgar. For her leading role as Maria Bennett in the disaster film The Impossible, she received second nominations for the Academy Award and Screen Actors Guild Award for Best Actress and a nomination for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress.
/m/0pz91	Adam Richard Sandler is an American actor, comedian, screenwriter, and film producer. After becoming a Saturday Night Live cast member, Sandler went on to star in many Hollywood feature films that combined have grossed over $2 billion at the box office. He is best known for his comedic roles, such as in the films Billy Madison, Happy Gilmore, The Waterboy, Big Daddy, and Mr. Deeds, though he has ventured into more dramatic territory with his roles in Punch-Drunk Love, Reign Over Me, and Funny People. In 1999, Sandler founded Happy Madison Productions, a film and television production company that has produced numerous films and developed the 2007 television series Rules of Engagement. He is estimated to have a net worth of $300 million.
/m/02j490	Raymond Allen \"Ray\" Liotta is an American actor, best known for his portrayal of Henry Hill in the crime-drama Goodfellas and for his role as Shoeless Joe Jackson in Field of Dreams. He has won an Emmy Award and been nominated for Golden Globe and Screen Actors Guild awards.
/m/07t2k	Ulysses S. Grant was the 18th president of the United States following his success as military commander in the American Civil War. Under Grant, the Union Army defeated the Confederate military; the war, and secession, ended with the surrender of Robert E. Lee's army at Appomattox Court House. As president, Grant led the Radical Republicans in their effort to eliminate vestiges of Confederate nationalism and slavery, protect African American citizenship, and defeat the Ku Klux Klan. In foreign policy, Grant sought to increase American trade and influence, while remaining at peace with the world. Although his Republican Party split in 1872 as reformers denounced him, Grant was easily reelected. During his second term the country's economy was devastated by the Panic of 1873, while investigations exposed corruption scandals in the administration. The conservative white Southerners regained control of Southern state governments and Democrats took control of the federal House of Representatives. By the time Grant left the White House in 1877, his Reconstruction policies were being undone.\nA career soldier, Grant graduated from the United States Military Academy at West Point and served in the Mexican–American War. When the Civil War began in 1861, he rejoined the Union army. In 1862, Grant was promoted to major general and took control of Kentucky and most of Tennessee. He then led Union forces to victory after initial setbacks in the Battle of Shiloh, earning a reputation as an aggressive commander. In July 1863, Grant defeated Confederate armies and seized Vicksburg, giving the Union control of the Mississippi River and dividing the Confederacy in two. After the Battle of Chattanooga in late 1863, President Abraham Lincoln promoted Grant to lieutenant general and commander of all of the Union armies. As commander, Grant confronted Robert E. Lee in a series of bloody battles in 1864, which ended with Grant trapping Lee at Petersburg, Virginia. During the siege, Grant coordinated a series of devastating campaigns launched by generals William Tecumseh Sherman, Philip Sheridan, and George Henry Thomas in other theaters. Finally breaking through Lee's trenches, the Union Army captured Richmond in April 1865. Lee surrendered his depleted forces to Grant at Appomattox as the Confederacy collapsed. Most historians have hailed Grant's military genius, despite losses of men.
/m/0mxcf	Deschutes County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oregon. As of the 2010 census, the population was 157,733. The county was created in 1916 out of part of Crook County and was named for the Deschutes River, which itself was named by French-Canadian trappers of the early 19th century. It is the political and economic hub of Central Oregon. The county seat is Bend.\nDeschutes is the fastest-growing county in Oregon. For various statistical purposes, the U.S. federal government has defined Deschutes County as the Bend-Redmond Metropolitan Statistical Area. The metropolitan area is combined with Crook County to form the federally defined Bend-Redmond-Prineville Combined Statistical Area.
/m/0m27n	Maricopa County is a county located in the south-central part of the U.S. state of Arizona. As of the 2010 census, its population was 3,817,117, the most populous in the state, and ranks fourth among the nation's counties and is greater than the population of 23 states. Maricopa County is also one of the largest counties in the United States by area having a land area greater than that of seven states. The county seat is Phoenix, which is Arizona's largest city and capital. The center of population of Arizona is located in Maricopa County, in the town of Gilbert. It is by far Arizona's most populous county, encompassing well over half of the state's residents. It is also the largest county in the United States to contain a capital city, as well as the largest American county whose seat starts with a different letter than the county.\nThe population explosion is evident in a 2007 Forbes study which ranked four of Maricopa County's municipalities in the top ten fastest-growing cities in the nation. Those included Buckeye as the second-fastest-growing city, Surprise and Goodyear as 3rd and 4th, and Avondale as 9th. All four of these cities are located in the growing \"West Valley\", which is the area of Maricopa County to the west of the city of Phoenix.
/m/0mx48	Marion County is a county located in the Willamette Valley region of the U.S. state of Oregon. The population was 315,335 at the 2010 census. The county seat is Salem. It was originally named the Champooick District, after Champoeg, a meeting place on the Willamette River. On September 3, 1849, the territorial legislature renamed it in honor of Francis Marion, a Continental Army general of the American Revolutionary War.\nMarion County is part of the Salem Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/0415ggl	Amelia is a 2009 biographical film of the life of Amelia Earhart, directed by Mira Nair and starring Hilary Swank as Earhart and Richard Gere as husband George Putnam, along with Christopher Eccleston and Ewan McGregor. It was written by Ronald Bass and Anna Hamilton Phelan, using research from sources including East to the Dawn by Susan Butler and The Sound of Wings by Mary S. Lovell. The film has garnered predominantly negative reviews.
/m/08mhyd	John Clement Seale ACS ASC, is an Australian cinematographer. He won an Oscar for his work in the 1996 film The English Patient. He is a member of both the Australian Cinematographers Society and the American Society of Cinematographers.\nSeale was born in Warwick, Queensland, Australia, to Marjorie Lyndon and Eric Clement Seale. He received Oscar nominations for his work on Witness, Rain Man, and Cold Mountain. Seale directed one film, Till There Was You, in 1990.\nHis greatest commercial successes have been Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone which grossed US$ 974 million, Rain Man which grossed US$ 354 million, Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time which grossed US$ 335 million, The Perfect Storm which grossed US$ 328 million and The Tourist, which grossed US$ 278 million.
/m/029cr	Dayton is the sixth largest city in the U.S. state of Ohio and is the county seat of Montgomery County. In the 2010 census, the population was 141,527; the Dayton metropolitan area had 841,502 residents, making it the fourth largest metropolitan area in Ohio, after only the urban agglomerations of Cleveland, Cincinnati and Columbus, and the sixty-first largest in the United States. The Dayton-Springfield-Greenville Combined Statistical Area had a population of 1,080,044 in 2010 and is the 43rd largest in the United States. Dayton is situated within the Miami Valley region of Ohio just north of the Cincinnati–Northern Kentucky metropolitan area.\nOhio's borders are within 500 miles of roughly 60% of the country's population and manufacturing infrastructure making the Dayton area a logistical centroid for manufacturers, suppliers, and shippers. Dayton also plays host to significant research and development in fields like industrial, aeronautical, and astronautical engineering that have led to many technological innovations. Much of this innovation is due in part to Wright-Patterson Air Force Base and its place within the community. With the decline of heavy manufacturing, Dayton's businesses have diversified into a service economy that includes insurance and legal sectors as well as healthcare and government sectors.
/m/01j7pt	Comedy Central is an American basic cable and satellite television channel that is owned by MTV Networks Entertainment Group, a unit of the Viacom Media Networks division of Viacom. The channel carries comedy programming, in the form of both original and syndicated series and stand-up comedy specials, as well as feature films.\nSince late 2006, Comedy Central has expanded globally with localized channels in Germany, Hungary, India, Israel, Italy, Latin America, New Zealand, the Netherlands, Poland, Sweden, Republic of Ireland, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia, Macedonia, Montenegro, Serbia, Slovenia, Africa, Spain, and the United Kingdom. The international channels are operated by Viacom International Media Networks.\nAs of August 2013, approximately 97,838,000 American households receive Comedy Central.
/m/051y1hd	Darrell Silvera was an American set decorator. He was nominated for seven Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction. He worked on 356 films between 1934 and 1978.
/m/0161rf	Easy listening is a popular music genre and radio format that was most popular during the 1950s to 1970s. It is related to middle-of-the-road music and encompasses instrumental recordings of standards, hit songs and popular non-rock vocals. It was differentiated from the mostly instrumental beautiful music format by its variety of styles, including a percentage of vocals, arrangements and tempi to fit various day parts during the broadcast day.\nEasy listening music is often confused with so-called elevator music provided by Muzak Holdings and other music services for malls and elevators, or lounge music, but while it was popular in some of the same venues it bore only modest resemblance to the background sound of this kind of music.\nA significant portion of easy listening music is purely instrumental and included some big band and orchestral arrangements of standards, themes from movies, bossa nova hits and small instrumental ensembles playing instrumental versions of popular songs, including light jazz and even some soft rock and roll.\nOrchestras and groups included Percy Faith, André Kostelanetz, The Melachrino Strings, The 101 Strings, Henry Mancini, Herb Alpert, Stan Getz, Antonio Carlos Jobim and Paul Mauriat. Vocals were by the popular artists of the day such as Frank Sinatra, Tony Bennett, Matt Monro, Jack Jones, Barbra Streisand, Vicki Carr, Dionne Warwick, Nancy Wilson and others, and vocal groups or duos such as Simon & Garfunkel, The Fifth Dimension, Harpers Bizarre, The Lettermen and The Sandpipers.
/m/0kt_4	Hamlet is a 1948 British film adaptation of William Shakespeare's play Hamlet, adapted and directed by and starring Sir Laurence Olivier. Hamlet was Olivier's second film as director, and also the second of the three Shakespeare films that he directed. Hamlet was the first British film to win the Academy Award for Best Picture. It is also the first sound film of the play in English. A 1935 sound film adaptation, Khoon Ka Khoon, had been made in India and filmed in the Urdu language.\nOlivier's Hamlet is the Shakespeare film that has received the most prestigious accolades, winning the Academy Awards for Best Picture and Best Actor and the Golden Lion at the Venice Film Festival. However, it proved controversial among Shakespearean purists, who felt that Olivier had made too many alterations and excisions to the four-hour play by cutting nearly two hours' worth of content. Milton Shulman wrote in The Evening Standard \"To some it will be one of the greatest films ever made, to others a deep disappointment. Laurence Olivier leaves no doubt that he is one of our greatest living actors...his liberties with the text, however, are sure to disturb many.\"
/m/07q3s	Toledo is a municipality located in central Spain, 70 km south of Madrid. It is the capital of the province of Toledo and the autonomous community of Castile–La Mancha. It was declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1986 for its extensive cultural and monumental heritage and historical co-existence of Christian, Muslim and Jewish cultures.\nToledo is known as the \"Imperial City\" for having been the main venue of the court of Charles I, and as the \"City of the Three Cultures\", having been influenced by a historical co-existence of Christians, Muslims and Jews. In 1085, the city fell to Alfonso VI of Castile as the first major city in the Christian Reconquista. Toledo has a history in the production of bladed weapons, which are now popular souvenirs of the city.\nPeople who were born or have lived in Toledo include Al-Zarqali, Garcilaso de la Vega, Eleanor of Toledo, Alfonso X and El Greco. It was also the place of important historic events such as the Visigothic Councils of Toledo. As of 2012, the city has a population of 84,019 and an area of 232.1 km².
/m/0yp21	Grand Forks is the third-largest city in the U.S. state of North Dakota and the county seat of Grand Forks County. According to the 2010 census, the city's population was 52,838, while that of the city and surrounding metropolitan area was 98,461. Grand Forks, along with its twin city of East Grand Forks, Minnesota, forms the center of the Grand Forks, ND-MN Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is often called Greater Grand Forks or The Grand Cities.\nLocated on the western banks of the Red River of the North in a flat region known as the Red River Valley, the city is prone to flooding and was struck by the devastating Red River Flood of 1997. Originally called Les Grandes Fourches by French fur traders, Grand Forks was founded in 1870 by steamboat captain Alexander Griggs and incorporated on February 22, 1881. Its location at the fork of the Red River and the Red Lake River gives the city its name.\nHistorically dependent on local agriculture, the city's economy now encompasses higher education, defense, health care, manufacturing, food processing, and scientific research. Grand Forks is served by Grand Forks International Airport and Grand Forks Air Force Base, while the city's University of North Dakota is the oldest institution of higher education in the state. The Alerus Center and Ralph Engelstad Arena host athletic and other events, while the North Dakota Museum of Art and Chester Fritz Auditorium are the city's largest cultural venues.
/m/01zzy3	Friedrich Schiller University Jena, is a public research university located in Jena, Thuringia, Germany.\nThe university was established in 1558 and is counted among the ten oldest universities in Germany. It is affiliated with 6 Nobel Prize winners, most recently in 2000 when Jena graduate Herbert Kroemer won the Nobel Prize for physics. It was renamed after the writer Friedrich Schiller who was teaching as professor of history when Jena attracted some of the most influential minds at the turn of the 19th century. With Karl Leonhard Reinhold, Johann Gottlieb Fichte, G. W. F. Hegel, F. W. J. Schelling and Friedrich von Schlegel on its teaching staff, the university has been at the centre of the emergence of German idealism and early Romanticism.\nAs of 2009, the university has around 21,000 students enrolled and 340 professors. Its current rector, Klaus Dicke, is the 317th rector in the history of the university.
/m/02qyv3h	Iron Sky is a 2012 Finnish-German-Australian comic science fiction action film directed by Timo Vuorensola and written by Johanna Sinisalo and Michael Kalesniko. It tells the story of a group of Nazi Germans who, having been defeated in 1945, fled to the Moon where they built a space fleet to return in 2018 and conquer Earth.\nIron Sky comes from the makers of Star Wreck: In the Pirkinning and was produced by Tero Kaukomaa of Blind Spot Pictures and Energia Productions, co-produced by New Holland Pictures and 27 Films, and co-financed by numerous individual supporters; Samuli Torssonen was responsible for the computer-generated imagery. It was theatrically released throughout Europe in April 2012.\nOn 20 May 2012, Kaukomaa announced that there are plans for a prequel and a sequel but refused to disclose details. The video game adaptation Iron Sky: Invasion was released in October 2012. A sequel titled Iron Sky: The Coming Race is in the works.
/m/0_j_z	Pawtucket is a city in Providence County, Rhode Island, United States. The population was 71,148 at the 2010 census. It is the fourth largest city in the state.\nPawtucket borders Providence, Rhode Island.
/m/01b8jj	Brisbane is the capital and most populous city in the Australian state of Queensland, and the third most populous city in Australia. Brisbane's metropolitan area has a population of 2.2 million, and the South East Queensland urban conurbation, centred on Brisbane, encompasses a population of more than 3 million. The Brisbane central business district stands on the original European settlement and is situated inside a bend of the Brisbane River, approximately 16 kilometres from its mouth at Moreton Bay. The metropolitan area extends in all directions along the floodplain of the Brisbane River valley between Moreton Bay and the Great Dividing Range. The metropolitan area sprawls across several of Australia's most populous local government areas, including the City of Brisbane, which is by far the most populous LGA in the nation. The demonym of Brisbane is Brisbanite.\nBrisbane is named after the river on which it is located, which in turn was named after Scotsman Sir Thomas Brisbane, the Governor of New South Wales from 1821 to 1825. The first European settlement in Queensland was a penal colony at Redcliffe, 28 kilometres north of the central business district, which was founded in 1824. That settlement was soon abandoned and moved to North Quay in 1825. Free settlers were permitted from 1842. Brisbane was chosen as the capital when Queensland was proclaimed a separate colony from New South Wales in 1859.
/m/02qplj3	The Order of the Star of Romania is Romania's highest civil order. It is awarded by the President of Romania. It has 6 ranks, from lowest to the highest: Knight, Officer, Commodore or Commander, Grand Officer, Grand Cross and Sash.
/m/03c7tr1	The Razzie Award for Worst Actress is an award presented at the annual Golden Raspberry Awards to the worst actress of the previous year. The humorous nature of the award also leads to nominations for actors performing in drag, and groups such as the Spice Girls and the protagonists of Bratz: The Movie and Sex and the City 2. The following is a list of recipients and nominees of that award, along with the film for which they were nominated.\nThe actress with most Razzies is Madonna with five. Other actresses with multiple wins are Bo Derek with three wins, and Pia Zadora, Sharon Stone and Demi Moore with two each.\nOnly two winners of the award have actually shown up and accepted their awards in person, Halle Berry for Catwoman and Sandra Bullock for All About Steve; both were also winners of the Academy Award for Best Actress, the former for Monster's Ball, and the latter for The Blind Side, which she won the following night.\nCurrently, Tyler Perry is the only actor to be nominated in this category more than once.
/m/02y9ln	Seol Ki-Hyeon or Seol Ki-Hyun is a South Korean professional footballer who currently plays for Incheon United. He is also the first South Korean footballer to score in the history of the UEFA Champions League, during his time at RSC Anderlecht.
/m/02wrhj	Maurice LaMarche is a Canadian voice actor and former stand-up comedian. He is best known for his voicework in Futurama as Zapp Brannigan's beleaguered assistant Kif Kroker, melodramatic soap acting robot Calculon and other characters; The Brain in Animaniacs and Pinky And The Brain, and Egon Spengler on The Real Ghostbusters and Extreme Ghostbusters.
/m/05v8c	The Philippines, officially known as the Republic of the Philippines, is a sovereign island country in Southeast Asia situated in the western Pacific Ocean. To its north across the Luzon Strait lies Taiwan; west across the South China Sea sits Vietnam; southwest is the island of Borneo across the Sulu Sea, and to the south the Celebes Sea separates it from other islands of Indonesia; while to the east it is bounded by the Philippine Sea and the island-nation of Palau. Its location on the Pacific Ring of Fire and close to the equator make the Philippines prone to earthquakes and typhoons, but also endows it with abundant natural resources and some of the world's greatest biodiversity. At 300,000 square kilometers, the Philippines is the 64th-largest country in the world, consisting of an archipelago of 7,107 islands that are categorized broadly under three main geographical divisions: Luzon, Visayas, and Mindanao. Its capital city is Manila while its most populous city is Quezon City; both are part of Metro Manila.\nWith a population of at least 99 million people, the Philippines is the seventh-most populated country in Asia and the 12th most populated country in the world. An additional 12 million Filipinos live overseas, comprising one of the world's largest and most influential diasporas. Multiple ethnicities and cultures are found throughout the islands. In prehistoric times, Negritos were some of the archipelago's earliest inhabitants. They were followed by successive waves of Austronesian peoples who came from Malay, Indian, and Islamic states. Various nations were established under the rule of Datus, Rajahs, Sultans or Lakans. Trade with China also introduced Chinese culture and settlement, which remain present to this day.
/m/01nr63	Edward Leo Peter \"Ed\" McMahon, Jr. was an American comedian, game show host and announcer. He is most famous for his work on television as Johnny Carson's sidekick, announcer, and second banana on The Tonight Show from 1962 to 1992. He also hosted the original version of the talent show Star Search from 1983 to 1995. He co-hosted TV's Bloopers & Practical Jokes with Dick Clark from 1982 to 1998. He also presented sweepstakes for the direct marketing company American Family Publishers.\nMcMahon annually co-hosted the Jerry Lewis Labor Day Telethon. He performed in numerous television commercials, most notably for Budweiser. In the 1970s and 1980s, he anchored the team of NBC personalities conducting the network's coverage of the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade. McMahon appeared in several films, including The Incident, Fun With Dick and Jane, Full Moon High, and Butterfly, as well as briefly in the film version of Bewitched. According to Entertainment Weekly, McMahon is considered one of the greatest \"sidekicks\".
/m/017j69	Northwestern University is a private research university with campuses in Evanston and Chicago in Illinois, United States. Northwestern has 12 undergraduate, graduate, and professional schools offering 124 undergraduate degrees and 145 graduate and professional degrees.\nNorthwestern was founded in 1851 by John Evans, for whom Evanston is named, and eight other lawyers, businessmen and Methodist leaders to serve the people of a region that had once been known as the Northwest Territory. Instruction began in 1855; women were admitted in 1869. Today, the main campus is a 240-acre parcel in Evanston, along the shores of Lake Michigan. The university's law and medical schools are located on a 25-acre campus in Chicago's Streeterville neighborhood. In 2008, the University opened a campus in Education City, Doha, Qatar with programs in journalism and communication. In academic year 2010-2011, Northwestern enrolled 8,397 undergraduate and 7,870 graduate and professional students.\nNorthwestern has one of the largest university endowments in the United States, valued at $7.9 billion in 2013. One of only 62 institutions elected to the Association of American Universities, Northwestern was awarded more than $500 million in research grants in 2010–2011, placing it in the first tier of the major research universities in the United States by the Center for Measuring University Performance. Its schools of journalism, management, engineering, and communication, for example, are among the most academically productive in the nation. Northwestern is a founding member of the Big Ten Conference and remains the only private university in the conference. The Northwestern Wildcats compete in 19 intercollegiate sports in the NCAA's Division I.
/m/06n8j	Sarajevo is the capital and largest city of Bosnia and Herzegovina, with an estimated population of 291,422. Sarajevo metropolitan area, including Sarajevo and East Sarajevo is home to 515,012 inhabitants. It is also the capital of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina entity, Republic of Srpska entity as well as the center of the Sarajevo Canton. Nestled within the greater Sarajevo valley of Bosnia, it is surrounded by the Dinaric Alps and situated along the Miljacka River in the heart of Southeastern Europe and the Balkans.\nSarajevo is the leading political, social and cultural center of Bosnia and Herzegovina, and its region-wide influence in politics, education, entertainment, media, fashion, science, and the arts contribute to its status as Bosnia and Herzegovina's biggest and most important economic center.\nThe city is famous for its traditional cultural and religious diversity, with adherents of Islam, Orthodoxy, Catholicism and Judaism coexisting there for centuries. Due to this long and rich history of religious and cultural variety, Sarajevo was sometimes called the \"Jerusalem of Europe\" or \"Jerusalem of the Balkans\". It was, until recently in the 20th century, the only major European city to have a mosque, Catholic church, Orthodox church and synagogue within the same neighborhood. A regional center in education, the city is also home to the Balkans' first institution of tertiary education in the form of an Islamic polytechnic called the Saraybosna Osmanlı Medrese, today part of the University of Sarajevo.
/m/0988cp	Glen Charles is screenwriter and television producer.
/m/0f4yh	Raiders of the Lost Ark is a 1981 American adventure film directed by Steven Spielberg, produced by Frank Marshall and Howard Kazanjian, executive produced by George Lucas, written by Lawrence Kasdan, based on a story of George Lucas and Philip Kaufman and starring Harrison Ford. It was the first installment in the Indiana Jones film franchise to be released, though it is the second in internal chronological order. It pits Indiana Jones against a group of Nazis who are searching for the Ark of the Covenant which Adolf Hitler believes will make his army invincible. The film co-stars Karen Allen as Indiana's former lover, Marion Ravenwood; Paul Freeman as Indiana's nemesis, French archaeologist René Belloq; John Rhys-Davies as Indiana's sidekick, Sallah; Ronald Lacey as Gestapo agent Arnold Toht; and Denholm Elliott as Indiana's colleague, Marcus Brody.\nThe film originated from Lucas' desire to create a modern version of the serials of the 1930s and 1940s. Production was based at Elstree Studios, England; but filming also took place in La Rochelle, Tunisia, Hawaii, and California from June to September 1980.\nReleased on June 12, 1981, Raiders of the Lost Ark became the year's top-grossing film and remains one of the highest-grossing films ever made. It was nominated for nine Academy Awards in 1982, including Best Picture, and won four and a fifth Special Achievement Award for its Sound Effects Editing. The film's critical and popular success led to three additional films, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, and Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull, the television series The Young Indiana Jones Chronicles, and 15 video games as of 2009. In 1999, the film was included in the U.S. Library of Congress' National Film Registry as having been deemed \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant\".
/m/0fs29	Port of Spain, also written as Port-of-Spain, is the capital of the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago and the country's third-largest municipality, after San Fernando and Chaguanas. The city has a municipal population of 49,031, a metropolitan population of 128,026 and a transient daily population of 250,000. It is located on the Gulf of Paria, on the northwest coast of the island of Trinidad and is part of a larger conurbation stretching from Chaguaramas in the west to Arima in the east with an estimated population of 600,000.\nThe city serves primarily as a retail and administrative centre and it has been the capital of the island since 1757. It is also an important financial services centre for the Caribbean and is home to two of the largest banks in the region.\nThe city is also home to the largest container port on the island and is one of several shipping hubs of the Caribbean, exporting both agricultural products and manufactured goods. Bauxite from the Guyanas and iron ore from Venezuela are trans-shipped via facilities at Chaguaramas, about five miles west of the city. The pre-lenten Carnival is the city's main annual cultural festival and tourist attraction.
/m/01wj5hp	Lawrence Krisna Parker, better known by his stage names KRS-One, and Teacha, is an American rapper from The Bronx, New York City, New York. At the 2008 BET Awards, KRS-One was the recipient of the Lifetime Achievement Award for all his work and effort towards the Stop the Violence Movement as well as the overall pioneering of hip hop music and culture. KRS-One is also a vocal supporter of vegetarianism. In an interview with who-mag.net, KRS-One said he will sue radio stations that play his music.
/m/01pcbg	Frederic \"Fred\" Willard is an American actor, comedian, voice actor, and writer, best known for his improvisational comedy. He is known for his roles in the Rob Reiner mockumentary film This Is Spinal Tap, the Christopher Guest mockumentary films Waiting for Guffman, Best in Show, A Mighty Wind, and For Your Consideration, and the Anchorman films. He is an alumnus of The Second City. He received three Emmy nominations for his recurring role on the TV series Everybody Loves Raymond as Robert Barone's father-in-law, Hank MacDougall. In 2010, he received an Emmy nomination for Outstanding Guest Actor in a Comedy Series for his role on the ABC TV series Modern Family as Phil Dunphy's father, Frank Dunphy.\nHe also received a Daytime Emmy Nomination for Outstanding Talk Show Host for What’s Hot, What’s Not. One of his earliest jobs was at The Second City, Chicago, where he shared the stage with Robert Klein and David Steinberg. He was a founding member of the improvisational comedy group Ace Trucking Company. Fellow members of Ace included Michael Mislove and Bill Saluga. They performed sketches on The Tonight Show With Johnny Carson over 50 times and appeared regularly on This Is Tom Jones.
/m/0k33p	Birmingham is a city and metropolitan borough in the West Midlands of England. It is the most populous British city outside London with 1,085,400 residents, and its population increase of 88,400 residents between 2001 and 2011 was greater than that of any other British local authority. The city lies within the West Midlands Built-up Area, the third most populous built-up area in the United Kingdom with a population of 2,440,986. Birmingham's metropolitan area is the United Kingdom's second most populous with 3,683,000 residents.\nA medium-sized market town during the medieval period, Birmingham grew to international prominence in the 18th century at the heart of the Midlands Enlightenment and subsequent Industrial Revolution, which saw the town at the forefront of worldwide developments in science, technology and economic organisation, producing a series of innovations that laid many of the foundations of modern industrial society. By 1791 it was being hailed as \"the first manufacturing town in the world\". Birmingham's distinctive economic profile, with thousands of small workshops practising a wide variety of specialised and highly skilled trades, encouraged exceptional levels of creativity and innovation and provided a diverse and resilient economic base for industrial prosperity that was to last into the final quarter of the 20th century. Its resulting high level of social mobility also fostered a culture of broad-based political radicalism, that under leaders from Thomas Attwood to Joseph Chamberlain was to give it a political influence unparalleled in Britain outside London and a pivotal role in the development of British democracy.
/m/0bz3jx	Paris, je t'aime is a 2006 anthology film starring an ensemble cast of actors of various nationalities. The two-hour film consists of eighteen short films set in different arrondissements. The 22 directors include Gurinder Chadha, Sylvain Chomet, Joel and Ethan Coen, Gérard Depardieu, Wes Craven, Alfonso Cuarón, Nobuhiro Suwa, Alexander Payne, Tom Tykwer, Walter Salles, Yolande Moreau and Gus Van Sant.
/m/0b_dh	Cecil Antonio \"Tony\" Richardson was an English theatre and film director and producer whose career spanned five decades. In 1964 he won the Academy Award for Best Director for the film Tom Jones. He died of AIDS-related causes at age 63 in 1991.
/m/019g65	Jeffrey Jason Garcia is a retired American football quarterback. After attending high school and junior college in Gilroy, California, Garcia played college football at San Jose State University.\nA four-time CFL All-Star and four-time NFL Pro Bowl selection, Garcia began his professional football career with the Calgary Stampeders of the Canadian Football League as an undrafted free agent in 1994. In 1999, Garcia debuted in the National Football League with the San Francisco 49ers. With the 49ers, Garcia made three Pro Bowl appearances and led the team to the playoffs in the 2001 and 2002 seasons. Afterwards, Garcia encountered a low point in his career, starting with a lackluster 2003 season with San Francisco then two losing seasons with Cleveland Browns in 2004 and Detroit Lions in 2005. With the Philadelphia Eagles, Garcia would return to form late in the 2006 season, starting for an injured Donovan McNabb and leading Philadelphia to the playoffs. Garcia joined the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in 2007 and was starting quarterback for most games of the 2007 and 2008 seasons. Again, Garcia led Tampa Bay to the playoffs in 2007 and made his fourth career Pro Bowl appearance.
/m/01bvw5	Seoul National University is a national research university founded in 1946, located in Seoul, the capital of Korea.\nThe university comprises sixteen colleges and six professional schools, and a student body of about 28,000. It has two campuses in Seoul: the main campus in Gwanak and the medical campus in Jongno. According to data compiled by KEDI, the university spends more on its students per capita than any other university in the country that enrolls at least 10,000.\nThe university maintains an undergraduate exchange program with the Harvard-Yenching Institute, Stanford University, and Yale University. SNU Law School and Harvard Law School students may study at the partner institution for credit. In addition, the university holds a memorandum of understanding with over 700 academic institutions in 40 countries, the World Bank, and the country's first ever general academic exchange program with the University of Pennsylvania. The Graduate School of Business offers dual master's degrees with Duke University, ESSEC, and the Peking University, double-degrees at the MIT Sloan School of Management and Yale School of Management, and MBA-, MS-, and PhD-candidate exchange programs with universities in ten countries on four continents. The university's international faculty headcount is 242 or 4% of the total. Nobel laureate Paul Crutzen and Fields Medal recipient Hironaka Heisuke are on the faculty roster.
/m/04f2zj	A multi-instrumentalist is a musician who plays two or more musical instruments with some degree of proficiency.
/m/051m56	Joe Logan Diffie, Jr. is an American country music singer known for his ballads and novelty songs. After working as a demo singer in the 1980s, he signed with Epic Records' Nashville division in 1990. Between then and 2004, Diffie charted 35 cuts on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart, including five number one singles: his debut release \"Home\", \"If the Devil Danced\", \"Third Rock from the Sun\", \"Pickup Man\" and \"Bigger Than the Beatles\". In addition to these cuts, he has 12 other top ten singles and ten other top 40 hits on the same chart. He also co-wrote singles for Holly Dunn, Tim McGraw and Jo Dee Messina, and has recorded with Mary Chapin Carpenter, George Jones and Marty Stuart.\nDiffie released seven studio albums, a Christmas album and a greatest hits package under the Epic label. He also released one studio album each through Monument Records, Broken Bow Records and Rounder Records. Among his albums, 1993's Honky Tonk Attitude and 1994's Third Rock from the Sun are certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America; 1992's Regular Joe and 1996's Life's So Funny are both certified gold. His most recent album, Homecoming: The Bluegrass Album, was released in late 2010 through Rounder. He also seems to have interest in the world of country rap performing songs with The Jawga Boys and Colt Ford.
/m/06xqq	Schizophrenia is a mental disorder characterized by a breakdown in thinking and poor emotional responses. Common symptoms include delusions, such as paranoia; hearing voices or noises that are not there; disorganized thinking; a lack of emotion and a lack of motivation. Schizophrenia causes significant social and work problems. Symptoms begin typically in young adulthood and about 0.3–0.7% of people are affected during their lifetime. Diagnosis is based on observed behavior and the person's reported experiences.\nGenetics, early environment, psychological and social processes appear to be important contributory factors. Some recreational and prescription drugs appear to cause or worsen symptoms. The many possible combinations of symptoms have triggered debate about whether the diagnosis represents a single disorder or a number of separate syndromes. Despite the origin of the term from the Greek roots skhizein and phrēn, schizophrenia does not imply a \"split personality\", or \"multiple personality disorder\"—a condition with which it is often confused in public perception. Rather, the term means a \"splitting of mental functions\", reflecting the presentation of the illness.
/m/03fnmd	Football Club Utrecht is a Dutch football club founded on 1 July 1970 and based in the city of Utrecht. The club's colours are red and white.
/m/03nsm5x	Seven Pounds is a 2008 drama film, directed by Gabriele Muccino, in which Will Smith stars as a man who sets out to change the lives of seven people. Rosario Dawson, Woody Harrelson, and Barry Pepper also star. The film was released in theaters in the United States and Canada on December 19, 2008, by Columbia Pictures. Despite generally negative reviews from critics it was a box office success, grossing $168,168,201 worldwide.
/m/0b_dy	Albert Finney is an English actor. Beginning in the theatre, Finney was especially successful in plays by William Shakespeare before he switched to films. He achieved prominence in films in the early 1960s, his debut being The Entertainer, directed by Tony Richardson, who had directed him in theatre plays various times before. He became a leading Free Cinema figure, and has maintained a successful career in theatre, film and television. He is known for his roles in Saturday Night and Sunday Morning, Tom Jones, Miller's Crossing, Big Fish, The Bourne Ultimatum, Annie, and, in 2012, The Bourne Legacy and the James Bond film, Skyfall.\nA recipient of BAFTA, Golden Globe, Emmy and Screen Actors Guild Awards, Finney has been nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor four times, for Tom Jones, Murder on the Orient Express, The Dresser, and Under the Volcano; and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his performance in Erin Brockovich.
/m/017yzc	The House of Hanover is a German royal dynasty which has ruled the Duchy of Brunswick-Lüneburg, the Kingdom of Hanover, the Kingdom of Great Britain, the Kingdom of Ireland and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. It succeeded the House of Stuart as monarchs of Great Britain and Ireland in 1714 and held that office until the death of Queen Victoria in 1901. They are sometimes referred to as the House of Brunswick and Lüneburg, Hanover line.\nThe House of Hanover is a younger branch of the House of Welf, which in turn is the senior branch of the House of Este.\nQueen Victoria was the granddaughter of George III and was an ancestor of most major European royal houses. She arranged marriages for her children and grandchildren across the continent, tying Europe together; this earned her the nickname \"the grandmother of Europe\". She was the last British monarch of the House of Hanover; her son King Edward VII belonged to the House of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, the line of his father, Albert, Prince Consort. Under semi-Salic law, Victoria could not inherit the Kingdom of Hanover and the Duchies unless the entire male line became extinct; those possessions passed to the next eligible male heir, her uncle Ernest Augustus I of Hanover, the Duke of Cumberland and Teviotdale—the fifth son of George III.
/m/0lbfv	The University of Manchester is a public research university in Manchester, England. It was formed in 2004 by the amalgamation of the Victoria University of Manchester and the University of Manchester Institute of Science and Technology. It is a member of the worldwide Universities Research Association group, the Russell Group of British research universities and the N8 Group. The University of Manchester has been a \"red brick university\" since 1880 when Victoria University gained its royal charter.\nThe main site is south of Manchester city centre on Oxford Road. In 2012, the university had around 39,000 students and 10,400 staff, making it the largest single-site university in the United Kingdom. The University of Manchester had an income of £827 million in 2012–13, of which £200 million was from research grants and contracts.\nIn the 2008 Research Assessment Exercise, Manchester came third in terms of research power and eighth for grade point average quality when including specialist institutions. More students try to gain entry to the University of Manchester than to any other university in the country, with more than 60,000 applications for undergraduate courses. According to the 2012 Highfliers Report, Manchester is the most targeted university by the Top 100 Graduate Employers. In the 2012 Academic Ranking of World Universities, Manchester is ranked 40th in the world and 5th in the UK. It is ranked 32nd in the world, 10th in Europe and 8th in the UK in the 2012 QS World University Rankings.
/m/0fpjd_g	Armando Anthony \"Chick\" Corea is an American jazz and fusion pianist, keyboardist, and composer.\nMany of his compositions are considered jazz standards. As a member of Miles Davis' band in the 1960s, he participated in the birth of the electric jazz fusion movement. In the 1970s he formed Return to Forever. Along with Herbie Hancock, McCoy Tyner and Keith Jarrett, he has been described as one of the major jazz piano voices to emerge in the post-John Coltrane era.\nCorea continued to pursue other collaborations and to explore various musical styles throughout the 1980s and 1990s. He is also known for promoting and fundraising for a number of social issues, such as eradicating social illiteracy.
/m/018lg0	Stoner rock or stoner metal is a musical subgenre which combines elements of traditional heavy metal, psychedelic rock, blues rock, acid rock, and doom metal. Stoner rock is typically slow-to-mid tempo and features a heavily distorted, groove laden bass-heavy sound, melodic vocals, and \"retro\" production. The genre emerged during the early 1990s and was pioneered foremost by the Californian bands Kyuss and Sleep.
/m/07_f2	Vermont is a state in the New England region of the northeastern United States. Vermont is the 6th least extensive and the 2nd least populous of the 50 United States. It is the only New England state not bordering the Atlantic Ocean. Lake Champlain forms half of Vermont's western border, which it shares with the state of New York. The Green Mountains are within the state. Vermont is bordered by Massachusetts to the south, New Hampshire to the east, New York to the west, and the province of Quebec to the north.\nOriginally inhabited by two major Native American tribes, much of the territory that is now Vermont was claimed by France during its early colonial period. France ceded the territory to the Kingdom of Great Britain after being defeated in 1763 in the Seven Years' War. For many years, the nearby colonies, especially New Hampshire and New York, disputed control of the area.\nSettlers who held land titles granted by these colonies were opposed by the Green Mountain Boys militia, which eventually prevailed in creating an independent state, the Vermont Republic. Founded in 1777 during the Revolutionary War, the republic lasted for fourteen years. Aside from the Thirteen Colonies, Vermont is one of only four U.S. states to have been a sovereign state in its past. In 1791, Vermont joined the United States as the 14th state, the first in addition to the original 13 Colonies. Vermont was the first state to partially abolish slavery while still independent.
/m/01cdt5	Dyspnea, shortness of breath, or air hunger, is the subjective symptom of breathlessness.\nThe clinical definition of dyspnea is an uncomfortable awareness of one's breathing effort. It is a normal symptom of heavy exertion but becomes pathological if it occurs in unexpected situations. In 85% of cases it is due to either asthma, pneumonia, cardiac ischemia, interstitial lung disease, congestive heart failure, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, or psychogenic causes. Treatment typically depends on the underlying cause.
/m/01213c	Argyll and Bute is both one of 32 unitary authority council areas; and a Lieutenancy area in Scotland. The administrative centre for the council area is located in Lochgilphead.\nArgyll and Bute covers the second largest administrative area of any Scottish council.\nThe council area adjoins those of Highland, Perth and Kinross, Stirling and West Dunbartonshire. Its border runs through Loch Lomond.\nThe present council area was created in 1996, when it was carved out of the Strathclyde region, which was a two-tier local government region of 19 districts, created in 1975. Argyll and Bute merged the existing Argyll and Bute district and one ward of the Dumbarton district. The Dumbarton ward, called 'Helensburgh and Lomond', included the burgh of Helensburgh and consisted of an area to the west of Loch Lomond, north of the Firth of Clyde and mostly east of Loch Long.\nThe council area can be described also by reference to divisions of the counties which were abolished in 1975. The council area includes most of the county of Argyll, part of the county of Bute and part of the county of Dunbartonshire.
/m/0f4y_	Delaware County is a county located in the US state of New York. As of 2010 the population was 47,980. The county seat is Delhi. It is named after the Delaware River, which was named in honor of Thomas West, 3rd Baron De La Warr, appointed governor of Virginia in 1609.
/m/048kw	Kent is a county in South East England, and one of the home counties. The ceremonial county boundaries of Kent include the shire county of Kent and the unitary borough of Medway. Kent has a nominal border with France halfway through the Channel Tunnel, as well as a defined boundary with Essex in the middle of the Thames Estuary. The county also borders Greater London to the North West near the towns of Swanley and Dartford, Surrey near Westerham and East Sussex near Tunbridge Wells. Maidstone is its county town and historically Rochester and Canterbury have been accorded city status, though only the latter still holds it.\nKent's location between London and continental Europe has led to it being in the front line of several conflicts, including the Battle of Britain during World War II. East Kent was known as Hell Fire Corner during the conflict. England has relied on the county's ports to provide warships through much of the past 800 years; the Cinque Ports in the 12th–14th centuries and Chatham Dockyard in the 16th–20th centuries were of particular importance to the country's security. France can be seen clearly in fine weather from Folkestone, and the iconic White Cliffs of Dover.
/m/0flbm	Douglas County is the eighth most populous of the 64 counties of the state of Colorado, in the United States. The county is located midway between Colorado's two largest cities: Denver and Colorado Springs. The United States Census Bureau that the county population was 285,465 in 2010 census, a 62.4% increase since the 2000 census, making Douglas County one of the fastest growing counties in the United States. Douglas County is part of the Denver-Aurora Metropolitan Statistical Area and the Denver-Aurora-Boulder Combined Statistical Area. The county seat is Castle Rock. Douglas County has the highest median household income of any Colorado county or statistical equivalent. It is ranked eighth nationally in that category, and has the highest of any county or equivalent not in the northeastern US.
/m/03ct7jd	Eagle Eye is a 2008 American action thriller film directed by D. J. Caruso and starring Shia LaBeouf, Michelle Monaghan and Billy Bob Thornton. LaBeouf and Monaghan portray a young man and a single mother who are brought together and coerced by an anonymous caller into carrying out a plan by a possible terrorist organization. The film was released in regular 35 mm theaters and IMAX theaters.
/m/0chrx	Omaha is the largest city in the state of Nebraska, United States, and is the county seat of Douglas County. It is located in the Midwestern United States on the Missouri River, about 10 miles north of the mouth of the Platte River. Omaha is the anchor of the Omaha-Council Bluffs metropolitan area, which includes Council Bluffs, Iowa, across the Missouri River from Omaha.\nAccording to the 2010 Census, Omaha's population was 408,958, making it the nation's 42nd-largest city. According to the 2012 Population Estimates, Omaha's population was 421,570. Including its suburbs, Omaha formed the 60th-largest metropolitan area in the United States in 2012, with an estimated population of 885,624 residing in eight counties. The Omaha-Council Bluffs-Fremont, NE-IA Combined Statistical Area is 922,051, according to the U.S. Census Bureau's 2012 estimate. There are more than 1.2 million residents within a 50-mile radius of the city's center, forming the Greater Omaha area.\nOmaha's pioneer period began in 1854 when the city was founded by speculators from neighboring Council Bluffs, Iowa. The city was founded along the Missouri River, and a crossing called Lone Tree Ferry earned the city its nickname, the \"Gateway to the West.\" It introduced this new West to the world when in 1898 it played host to the World's Fair, dubbed the Trans-Mississippi Exposition. During the 19th century, Omaha's central location in the United States spurred the city to become an important national transportation hub. Throughout the rest of the 19th century, the transportation and jobbing sectors were important in the city, along with its railroads and breweries. In the 20th century, the Omaha Stockyards, once the world's largest, and its meatpacking plants, gained international prominence.
/m/0137hn	Robin Hugh Gibb, CBE was a musician, singer, songwriter and producer, best known as a member of the Bee Gees, which was co-founded with his fraternal twin brother Maurice and older brother Barry. Their younger brother Andy was also a singer. He joined his first band the Rattlesnakes which was formed in Manchester, England.\nThe eldest three were born on the Isle of Man to English parents, Hugh and Barbara Gibb; the family later moved to Manchester before settling in Redcliffe, a suburb of Brisbane, Australia. Gibb began his career as part of the family trio. When the group found their first success, they returned to England where they achieved worldwide fame. In 2002, the Bee Gees were appointed as CBEs for their \"contribution to music\". however investiture was delayed until 2004. With record sales estimated in excess of 200 million units, the Bee Gees became one of the most successful pop groups of all time. Music historian Paul Gambaccini described Gibb as \"one of the major figures in the history of British music\" and \"one of the best white soul voices ever\". After a career spanning six decades, Gibb last performed on stage in February 2012 supporting injured British servicemen and women at a charity concert at the London Palladium. On 20 May 2012, Gibb died at the age of 62 from liver and kidney failure brought on by colorectal cancer.
/m/03ln8b	Desperate Housewives is an American television comedy-drama-mystery series created by Marc Cherry and produced by ABC Studios and Cherry Productions. It aired Sundays at 9 P.M. Eastern/8 P.M. Central, on ABC from October 3, 2004, until May 13, 2012. Executive producer Cherry served as showrunner. Other executive producers since the fourth season included Bob Daily, George W. Perkins, John Pardee, Joey Murphy, David Grossman, and Larry Shaw.\nThe main setting of the show was Wisteria Lane, a street in the fictional American town of 'Fairview' in the fictional 'Eagle State'. The show followed the lives of a group of women as seen through the eyes of a dead neighbor who committed suicide in the very first episode. The storyline covers thirteen years of the women's lives over eight seasons, set between the years 2004–2008, and later 2013–2017. They worked through domestic struggles and family life, while facing the secrets, crimes and mysteries hidden behind the doors of their — at the surface — beautiful and seemingly perfect suburban neighborhood.\nThe show featured an ensemble cast, headed by Teri Hatcher as Susan Mayer, Felicity Huffman as Lynette Scavo, Marcia Cross as Bree Van de Kamp, and Eva Longoria as Gabrielle Solis. Brenda Strong narrated the show as the deceased Mary Alice Young, appearing sporadically in flashbacks or dream sequences.
/m/016zdd	Liliane Rudabet Gloria Elsveta Sobieski, known professionally as Leelee Sobieski, is an American film and television actress. Sobieski achieved recognition in her mid-teens for her performance in the 1998 film Deep Impact and as the daughter of a costume store owner in Eyes Wide Shut. She received an Emmy nomination for the 1999 TV movie Joan of Arc, and two Golden Globe nominations for Joan of Arc and the 2001 TV movie Uprising.
/m/099d4	Bruce Lee was a Hong Kong American martial artist, Hong Kong action film actor, martial arts instructor, filmmaker, and the founder of Jeet Kune Do. Lee was the son of Cantonese opera star Lee Hoi-Chuen. He is widely considered by commentators, critics, media and other martial artists to be one of the most influential martial artists of all time, and a pop culture icon of the 20th century. He is often credited with helping to change the way Asians were presented in American films.\nLee was born in Chinatown, San Francisco on 27 November 1940 to parents from Hong Kong and was raised in Kowloon with his family until his late teens. He was introduced to the film industry by his father and appeared in several films as a child actor. Lee moved to the United States at the age of 18 to receive his higher education, and it was during this time that he began teaching martial arts. His Hong Kong and Hollywood-produced films elevated the traditional Hong Kong martial arts film to a new level of popularity and acclaim, sparking a surge of interest in Chinese martial arts in the West in the 1970s. The direction and tone of his films changed and influenced martial arts and martial arts films in Hong Kong and the rest of the world.
/m/0132_h	The Yomiuri Giants are a professional baseball team
/m/082db	Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, baptised as Johannes Chrysostomus Wolfgangus Theophilus Mozart, was a prolific and influential composer of the Classical era.\nMozart showed prodigious ability from his earliest childhood. Already competent on keyboard and violin, he composed from the age of five and performed before European royalty. At 17, he was engaged as a court musician in Salzburg, but grew restless and travelled in search of a better position, always composing abundantly. While visiting Vienna in 1781, he was dismissed from his Salzburg position. He chose to stay in the capital, where he achieved fame but little financial security. During his final years in Vienna, he composed many of his best-known symphonies, concertos, and operas, and portions of the Requiem, which was largely unfinished at the time of his death. The circumstances of his early death have been much mythologized. He was survived by his wife Constanze and two sons.\nHe composed over 600 works, many acknowledged as pinnacles of symphonic, concertante, chamber, operatic, and choral music. He is among the most enduringly popular of classical composers, and his influence on subsequent Western art music is profound; Beethoven composed his own early works in the shadow of Mozart, and Joseph Haydn wrote that \"posterity will not see such a talent again in 100 years.\"
/m/02l840	Kanye Omari West is an American hip hop recording artist, songwriter, record producer, film director, entrepreneur and fashion designer from Chicago, Illinois. West first gained prominence as a producer for Roc-A-Fella Records; he achieved recognition for his work on rapper Jay-Z's The Blueprint, as well as hit singles for musical artists including Alicia Keys, Ludacris, and Janet Jackson. His style of production originally used high-pitched vocal samples from soul songs incorporated with his own drums and instruments. He later broadened his influences to include 1970s R&B, baroque pop, trip hop, arena rock, folk, alternative, electronica, synthpop, industrial, and classical music.\nWest was raised in a middle-class household in Chicago, Illinois, and began rapping in the third grade, becoming involved in the city's hip hop scene. West attended art school for one semester before dropping out to pursue music entirely in the late 1990s. Although his real desire was to become a rapper, record executives did not take West seriously, viewing him as a producer first and foremost. After being signed to Roc-A-Fella in 2002, West released his debut album The College Dropout in 2004 to commercial and critical acclaim. The baroque-inspired Late Registration followed in 2005, and Graduation in 2007. West switched rapping for singing on his emotive 2008 effort 808's & Heartbreak, and embraced maximalism on 2010's My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy. Following several collaborations, West released his sixth album, Yeezus, in 2013.
/m/0f38nv	SPV GmbH is an independent German record label.\nFounded on January 1, 1984, it has slowly grown to be one of the largest independent distributors and record labels worldwide.\nIt also has several sublabels that it produces and distributes, including the heavy metal labels Steamhammer, Synthetic Symphony, Oblivion, SPV Recordings/SPV America and Audiopharm.
/m/0d6_s	Lara Croft: Tomb Raider is a 2001 action and fantasy film adapted from the Tomb Raider video game series. It was directed by Simon West and starred Angelina Jolie as Lara Croft, with Jon Voight, Chris Barrie, Iain Glen, Noah Taylor, and Daniel Craig in supporting roles. It was released in U.S. theaters on June 15, 2001. The film was a commercial success. The film held the title of highest grossing video game to film adaptation worldwide, until on June 16, 2010, the record was taken by Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time, which grossed $335 million worldwide as of October 10, 2010. Reviews were largely negative, with critics criticizing the sloppy direction and video-game-esque action-sequences, but praising Jolie's performance.\nA sequel, Lara Croft Tomb Raider: The Cradle of Life, was released in 2003.
/m/0nqv1	Greenwich is a district of South East London, England, located in the Royal Borough of Greenwich and situated 5.5 miles east south-east of Charing Cross.\nGreenwich is notable for its maritime history and for giving its name to the Greenwich Meridian and Greenwich Mean Time. The town became the site of a royal palace, the Palace of Placentia from the 15th century, and was the birthplace of many in the House of Tudor, including Henry VIII and Elizabeth I. The palace fell into disrepair during the English Civil War and was rebuilt as the Royal Naval Hospital for Sailors by Sir Christopher Wren and his assistant Nicholas Hawksmoor. These buildings became the Royal Naval College in 1873, and they remained an establishment for military education until 1998 when they passed into the hands of the Greenwich Foundation. The historic rooms within these buildings remain open to the public; other buildings are used by University of Greenwich and Trinity Laban Conservatoire of Music and Dance.\nThe town became a popular resort in the 18th century and many grand houses were built there, such as Vanbrugh Castle established on Maze Hill, next to the park. From the Georgian period estates of houses were constructed above the town centre. The maritime connections of Greenwich were celebrated in the 20th century, with the siting of the Cutty Sark and Gipsy Moth IV next to the river front, and the National Maritime Museum in the former buildings of the Royal Hospital School in 1934. Greenwich formed part of Kent until 1889 when the County of London was created.
/m/04dbw3	Cuban Americans are Americans who trace their national origin to Cuba. Cuban Americans form the third largest Hispanic group in the United States and also the largest group of Hispanics of European ancestry as a percentage but not in numbers.\nMany communities throughout the United States have significant Cuban American populations. The South Florida area, with a Cuban American population of 856,007 in its environs, stands out as the most prominent Cuban American community, in part because of its proximity to Cuba.\nSouth Florida is followed by the Tampa Bay Area and North Hudson, New Jersey, particularly Union City and West New York. With a population of 141,250, the New York metropolitan area's Cuban community is the largest outside of Florida. Nearly 70% of all Cuban Americans live in Florida.
/m/01cw51	The Grammy Award for Best Male R&B Vocal Performance was awarded between 1968 and 2011. The award has had several minor name changes:\nIn 1968 it was awarded as Best R&B Solo Vocal Performance, Male\nFrom 1969 to 1994 it was awarded as Best R&B Vocal Performance, Male\nSince 1995 it has been awarded as Best Male R&B Vocal Performance\nThe award will be discontinued from 2012 in a major overhaul of Grammy categories. From 2012, all solo and duo/group vocal performances in the R&B category will be shifted to the newly formed Best R&B Performance category.\nYears reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were presented, for works released in the previous year.
/m/019fnv	Douglas G. Shearer was a Canadian American pioneer sound designer and recording director who played a key role in the advancement of sound technology for motion pictures.
/m/07d2d	Trip hop is a genre of electronic music that originated in the early 1990s in the United Kingdom, especially Bristol. Deriving from \"post\"-acid house, the term was first used by the British music media and press as a way to describe the more experimental variant of breakbeat which contained influences of soul, funk and jazz. It has been described as \"Europe's alternative choice in the second half of the '90s\", and \"a fusion of hip hop and electronica until neither genre is recognisable.\" Trip hop music fuses several styles and has much in common with other genres; it has several qualities similar to ambient music and its drum-based breakdowns share characteristics with hip hop. It also contains elements of R&B, dub and house, as well as other electronic music. Trip hop can be highly experimental in nature.
/m/02t0n9	Louis Feinberg, known professionally as Larry Fine, was an American comedian, actor, violinist, and boxer, who is best known as the smartest member of the comedy act The Three Stooges.
/m/06d6y	Richard Burton Matheson was an American author and screenwriter, primarily in the fantasy, horror, and science fiction genres. He may be known best as the author of I Am Legend, a 1954 horror novel that has been adapted for the screen four times, although five more of his novels or short stories have been adapted as major motion pictures: The Shrinking Man, Hell House, What Dreams May Come, Bid Time Return, A Stir of Echoes and Button, Button. Matheson also wrote numerous television episodes of The Twilight Zone for Rod Serling, including \"Nightmare at 20,000 Feet\" and \"Steel\". He later adapted his 1971 short story \"Duel\" as a screenplay which was promptly directed by a young Steven Spielberg, for the television movie of the same name.
/m/04n7gc6	According to the Bible, Mary, also known as Saint Mary or Virgin Mary, was a Jewish woman of Nazareth in Galilee and the mother of Jesus. She is identified in the New Testament as the mother of Jesus through divine intervention. Mary also has a revered position in Islam, where a whole chapter of the Qur'an is devoted to her. Christians hold her son Jesus to be Christ and God the Son Incarnate. By contrast, Muslims regard Jesus as one of the prophets of God sent to humanity; not as God himself nor the Son of God.\nThe canonical gospels of Matthew and Luke describe Mary as a virgin. Traditionally, Christians believe that she conceived her son miraculously by the agency of the Holy Spirit. Muslims believe that she conceived her son miraculously by the command of God. This took place when she was already betrothed to Saint Joseph and was awaiting the concluding rite of marriage, the formal home-taking ceremony. She married Joseph and accompanied him to Bethlehem, where Jesus was born. In keeping with Jewish custom, the betrothal would have taken place when she was around 12, and the birth of Jesus about a year later.
/m/03wnh	The Indianapolis Colts are an American football team based in Indianapolis, Indiana; they play their games in Lucas Oil Stadium. The team is a member of the South Division of the American Football Conference in the National Football League.\nThe Colts were members of the National Football League from their founding and were one of three teams to switch to the AFC following the 1970 merger. While in Baltimore the team advanced to the postseason ten times and won three NFL Championship games in 1958, 1959 and 1968. The Colts had two Super Bowl appearances while in Baltimore, losing to the New York Jets in Super Bowl III, while defeating the Dallas Cowboys in Super Bowl V. The Colts moved to Indianapolis in 1984 and have since appeared in the playoffs fourteen times, with two conference championships. The Colts have had two Super Bowl appearances while in Indianapolis and one Super Bowl championship coming against the Chicago Bears in Super Bowl XLI.
/m/04qsdh	Ruby Dee is an American actress, poet, playwright, screenwriter, journalist, activist, and widow of actor Ossie Davis. She is perhaps best known for co-starring in the film A Raisin in the Sun and the film American Gangster for which she was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress. She has won Grammy, Emmy, Obie, Drama Desk, Screen Actors Guild Award, and Screen Actors Guild Lifetime Achievement Awards. She is a recipient of the National Medal of Arts and the Kennedy Center Honors, among scores of others awards.
/m/08vd2q	Sunday Bloody Sunday is a 1971 British drama film written by Penelope Gilliatt, directed by John Schlesinger and starring Murray Head, Glenda Jackson and Peter Finch. It tells the story of a free-spirited young bisexual artist and his simultaneous relationships with a female recruitment consultant and a male Jewish doctor.\nThe film is significant for its time in that Finch's homosexual character is depicted as successful and relatively well-adjusted, and not particularly upset by his sexuality. In this sense, Sunday Bloody Sunday was a considerable departure from Schlesinger's previous film Midnight Cowboy, which had portrayed its gay characters as alienated and self-loathing.\nThe film was released before the 1972 shooting by the British Army of unarmed protesters in Derry, Northern Ireland, an event dubbed \"Bloody Sunday.\"
/m/02pjzvh	Villanova University's men's basketball team has competed since the 1920–21 season. Nicknamed the \"Wildcats\", Villanova is a member of the Big East Conference and the Philadelphia Big Five. The Villanova Wildcats have appeared in the NCAA Tournament 33 times, the 8th highest total in NCAA history. They made the Final Four in 1939, 1971, 1985 and 2009, and were National Champions in 1985. Villanova has appeared in the NIT 17 times, winning in 1994, and won the Big East Tournament in 1995. Villanova entered the 2007-2008 season with an all-time winning percentage of .637, placing the Wildcats 20th among all NCAA Division I basketball programs.
/m/01wk7b7	John Phillip Stamos is an American actor, singer and musician best known for his work in television, especially in his starring role as Jesse Katsopolis on the ABC sitcom Full House. Since the ending of that show in 1995, Stamos has appeared in numerous television films and series. Since 2005 he has been the national spokesperson for Project Cuddle. From 2006 to 2009, Stamos had a starring role on the NBC medical drama ER as Dr. Tony Gates. In September 2009, he began playing the role of Albert in the Broadway revival of Bye Bye Birdie. In September 2010 Stamos began a multi-episode arc as Dr. Carl Howell on the second season of the Fox series Glee. In 2013, he assumed a major role in the third season of the USA Network television series Necessary Roughness, which stars Callie Thorne.
/m/02cbg0	House of Sand and Fog is a 2003 American drama film directed by Vadim Perelman. The screenplay by Perelman and Shawn Lawrence Otto is based on the novel of the same name by Andre Dubus III.\nThe story concerns the battle between a young woman and an immigrant Iranian family over the ownership of a house in Northern California which ultimately leads to the destruction of four lives. The film was nominated for three Academy Awards, Best Actor, Best Supporting Actress, and Best Original Score.
/m/01r97z	Striptease is a 1996 American comedy film directed, produced, and written by Andrew Bergman. The film stars Demi Moore, Burt Reynolds, and Ving Rhames. The film is based on the novel of the same name by Carl Hiaasen; it is about a stripper who becomes involved in both a child-custody dispute and corrupt politics.\nStriptease was generally reviled by critics. It wound up winning several Golden Raspberry Awards, which are given to the worst in cinema. Among these awards given to Striptease was the Award for Worst Picture of 1996.
/m/04v048	Richard O. Fleischer was an American film director.
/m/0dtzkt	Leonard Cohen: I'm Your Man is a 2005 film by Lian Lunson about the life and career of Leonard Cohen. It is based on a January 2005 tribute show at the Sydney Opera House titled \"Came So Far for Beauty\", which was produced by Hal Willner. Performers at this show included Nick Cave, Jarvis Cocker, The Handsome Family, Beth Orton, Rufus Wainwright, Martha Wainwright, Teddy Thompson, Linda Thompson, Antony, Kate and Anna McGarrigle, with Cohen's former back-up singers Perla Batalla and Julie Christensen as special guests. The end of the film includes a performance by Leonard Cohen and U2, which was not recorded live, but filmed specifically for the film, in New York in May 2005.\nThe film premiered at the Toronto Film Festival in September 2005, and was released the same month in Canada by Lions Gate films along with the Sundance Channel. It was subsequently released in various other countries during 2006 and 2007. The film is distributed by Lions Gate Entertainment. A soundtrack CD is also available from Verve.\nThe DVD of the film contains extra performances.
/m/01k6nm	Amrish Puri was a leading theatre and film actor from India, who was a key player in the Indian theatre movement that picked up steam in the 1960s. He worked with notable playwrights of the time, such as Satyadev Dubey and Girish Karnad. However, he is primarily remembered for essaying iconic negative roles in Hindi cinema as well as other Indian and international film industries. To Indian audiences he is the most remembered for his role as Mogambo in Shekhar Kapur's Hindi film Mr. India, and to Western audiences he is best known as Mola Ram in Steven Spielberg's Hollywood film Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom.
/m/027kwc	Foreigner is a British-American rock band, originally formed in 1976 by veteran English musician Mick Jones and fellow Briton and ex-King Crimson member Ian McDonald along with American vocalist Lou Gramm.\nJones came up with the band's name as he, McDonald and Dennis Elliott were English, while Gramm, Al Greenwood and Ed Gagliardi were American. Their biggest hit single, \"I Want to Know What Love Is\", topped the UK and US Charts among others. They are one of the world’s best-selling bands of all time with worldwide sales of nearly 80 million albums, including 37.5 million albums in the United States alone.
/m/0h95927	Silver Linings Playbook is a 2012 American romantic comedy-drama film written and directed by David O. Russell, adapted from the novel The Silver Linings Playbook by Matthew Quick. The film stars Bradley Cooper and Jennifer Lawrence, with Robert De Niro, Jacki Weaver, Chris Tucker, Anupam Kher, and Julia Stiles in supporting roles.\nCooper plays Patrick \"Pat\" Solitano, Jr., a man with bipolar disorder who is released from a psychiatric hospital and moves back in with his parents. Determined to win back his estranged wife, Pat meets recently widowed Tiffany Maxwell. She tells Pat that she will help him get his wife back if he enters a dance competition with her. The two become closer as they train and Pat, his father, and Tiffany examine their relationships with each other as they cope with their issues.\nSilver Linings Playbook premiered at the 2012 Toronto International Film Festival on September 8, 2012, and was released in the United States on November 16, 2012. The film opened to major critical success and earned numerous accolades. It received eight Academy Award nominations, including Best Picture, Best Director, Best Adapted Screenplay; it became the first film since 1981 to be Oscar-nominated for the four acting categories and the first since 2004 to be nominated for the Big Five Oscars, with Lawrence winning the Academy Award for Best Actress. It also achieved four Golden Globe Award nominations, with Lawrence winning Best Actress; three BAFTA nominations, with Russell winning for Best Adapted Screenplay; four Screen Actors Guild nominations; and five Independent Spirit Award nominations, winning in four categories including Best Film. The film was a blockbuster at the box office, grossing over $236 million worldwide, more than eleven times its budget.
/m/0524b41	Game of Thrones is an American fantasy drama television series created for HBO by David Benioff and D. B. Weiss. It is an adaptation of A Song of Ice and Fire, George R. R. Martin's series of fantasy novels, the first of which is titled A Game of Thrones. Filmed in a Belfast studio and on location elsewhere in Northern Ireland, Malta, Scotland, Croatia, Iceland and Morocco, it premiered on HBO in the United States on April 17, 2011. The series was renewed for a fourth season, to debut on April 6, 2014.\nThe series, set on the fictional continents of Westeros and Essos at the end of a decade-long summer, interweaves several plot lines. The first follows the members of several noble houses in a civil war for the Iron Throne of the Seven Kingdoms; the second covers the rising threat of the impending winter and the mythical creatures of the North; the third chronicles the attempts of the exiled last scion of the realm's deposed dynasty to reclaim the throne. Through its morally ambiguous characters, the series explores the issues of social hierarchy, religion, loyalty, corruption, sexuality, civil war, crime, and punishment. It is the most recent big-budget work to have contributed to the popularity of the fantasy genre in mainstream media.
/m/0g33q	A washboard is a tool designed for hand washing clothing. With mechanized cleaning of clothing becoming more common by the end of the 20th century, the washboard has become better known for its originally subsidiary use as a musical instrument.\nThe traditional washboard is usually constructed with a rectangular wooden frame in which are mounted a series of ridges or corrugations for the clothing to be rubbed upon. For 19th century washboards, the ridges were often of wood; by the 20th century, ridges of metal were more common. A \"fluted\" metal washboard was patented in the United States in 1833. Zinc washboards were manufactured in the United States from the middle of the 19th century. In the late 20th century and early 21st century, ridges of galvanized steel are most common, but some modern boards are made of glass. Washboards with brass ridges are still made, and some who use washboards as musical instruments prefer the sound of the somewhat more expensive brass boards. One of the few musical instruments invented entirely in the United States is the Zydeco Frottoir, a distillation of the washboard into essential elements designed by Clifton Chenier and built by Willie Landry in 1946.
/m/014kj2	Crawley is a town and local government district with Borough status in West Sussex, England. It is 28 miles south of Charing Cross, 18 miles north of Brighton and Hove, and 32 miles northeast of the county town of Chichester, covers an area of 17.36 square miles and had a population of 106,597 at the time of the 2011 Census.\nThe area has been inhabited since the Stone Age, and was a centre of ironworking in Roman times. Crawley developed slowly as a market town from the 13th century, serving the surrounding villages in the Weald; its location on the main road from London to Brighton brought a passing trade, encouraging the development of coaching inns. It was connected to the railway network in the 1840s.\nGatwick Airport, now one of Britain's busiest international airports, opened on the edge of the town in the 1940s, encouraging commercial and industrial growth. After the Second World War, the British Government planned to move large numbers of people and jobs out of London and into new towns around South East England. The New Towns Act 1946 designated Crawley as the site of one of these. A master plan was developed for the establishment of new residential, commercial, industrial and civic areas, and rapid development greatly increased the size and population of the town in a few decades.
/m/037ls6	Coconut milk is the liquid that comes from the grated meat of a coconut. The colour and rich taste of the milk can be attributed to the high oil content. Most of the fat is saturated fat. Coconut milk is a very popular food ingredient used in Southeast Asia.
/m/02zd2b	Western Illinois University is a public university located in Macomb, Illinois, United States. It was founded in 1899 as Western Illinois State Normal School. Like many similar institutions of the time, Western Illinois State Normal School focused on teacher training for its relatively small body of students. As the normal school grew, it became Western Illinois State Teachers College. Today, Western Illinois University is composed of two campuses that provide a wide range of academic programs. While the main campus is in Macomb, Western Illinois University-Quad Cities is in Moline, Illinois.
/m/0gwgn1k	That's My Boy is a 2012 American comedy film starring Adam Sandler and Andy Samberg. The script was written by David Caspe and directed by Sean Anders.\nThe film is about a man named Donny Berger, an alcoholic slacker who has a son named Han Solo Berger but changed his name to Todd Peterson due to his embarrassment from his father, who owes $43,000 in back taxes to the IRS or he is put to jail for 3 years. Meanwhile, Todd is getting married to Jamie Martin, so he has the weekend to pay the taxes before it's too late.\nThe film was produced by Sandler's production company Happy Madison and shot in the Massachusetts area. It was released on June 15, 2012, and distributed by Columbia Pictures.\nThe film received overwhelmingly negative reviews from critics, it is considered as one of worst films ever made and was nominated for eight Golden Raspberry Awards, ultimately winning in the categories of Worst Actor and Worst Screenplay. It was a subject of controversy and criticism due to its comedic portrayal of pedophilia, incest, gerontophilia and statutory rape. It is Sandler's seventh R-rated film for the Motion Picture Association of America. The film is widely regarded as a flop, with its box office gross of $57.7 million worldwide failing to reimburse its budget of $70 million.
/m/05nshw	Pangasinan is a province of the Philippines. Its official language is Pangasinan or Pangasinense and its provincial capital is Lingayen. Pangasinan is located on the western area of the island of Luzon along the Lingayen Gulf and South China Sea. It has a total land area of 5,451.01 square kilometres. According to the 2010 census, it has a population of 2,779,862 people. The official number of registered voters in Pangasinan is 1,651,814.\nPangasinan is the name for the province, the people, and the primary language spoken in the province. Indigenous Pangasinan speakers are estimated to number at least 1.5 million. The Pangasinan language is one of the officially recognized regional languages in the Philippines. Pangasinan is spoken as a second-language by many of the ethnic minorities in Pangasinan. The minority ethnic groups in Pangasinan are the Bolinao, Tagalog and Ilocano.\nThe name Pangasinan means \"place for salt\" or \"place of salt-making\"; it is derived from the prefix pang, meaning \"for\", the root word asin, meaning \"salt”, and suffix an, signifying \"location.\" The province is a major producer of salt in the Philippines. Its major products include \"bagoong\" and \"agamang\"
/m/01n4nd	Colchester is a historic town and the largest settlement within the borough of Colchester in Essex, England.\nAt the time of the census in 2001, it had a population of 104,390, marking a considerable rise from the previous census and with considerable development since 2001 and ongoing building plans; it has been named as one of Britain's fastest growing towns. As the oldest recorded Roman town in Britain, Colchester is claimed to be the oldest town in Britain. It was for a time the capital of Roman Britain, and is a member of the Most Ancient European Towns Network.\nColchester is 51.2 miles northeast of London and is connected to the capital by the A12 road and the Great Eastern Main Line. It is seen as a popular town for commuters, and is less than 30 miles away from Stansted Airport.\nColchester is home to Colchester Castle and Colchester United Football Club. It has a Liberal Democrat Member of Parliament. The correct demonym is Colcestrian.
/m/0f2sq	Galveston is a coastal city located on Galveston Island and Pelican Island in the U.S. state of Texas. The community of 208.3 square miles, with its population of 47,762 people, is the county seat and second-largest municipality of Galveston County. It is located within Houston–The Woodlands–Sugar Land metropolitan area.\nNamed after Bernardo de Gálvez y Madrid, Count of Gálvez, Galveston's first European settlements on the island were constructed around 1816 by French pirate Louis-Michel Aury to help the fledgling Republic of Mexico fight Spain. The Port of Galveston was established in 1825 by the Congress of Mexico following its successful independence from Spain. The city served as the main port for the Texas Navy during the Texas Revolution, and later served as the capital of the Republic of Texas.\nDuring the 19th century, Galveston became a major U.S. commercial center and one of the largest ports in the United States. It was devastated by the 1900 Galveston Hurricane, whose effects included flooding and a storm surge. The natural disaster on the exposed barrier island is still ranked as the deadliest in United States history, with an estimated toll of 6,000-8,000 people.²
/m/0d4htf	Enchanted is a 2007 American musical fantasy romantic comedy film, produced by Walt Disney Pictures with Barry Sonnenfeld and Josephson Entertainment. Written by Bill Kelly and directed by Kevin Lima, the film stars Amy Adams, Patrick Dempsey, James Marsden, Timothy Spall, Idina Menzel, Rachel Covey, and Susan Sarandon. The plot focuses on Giselle, an archetypal Disney Princess, who is forced from her traditional animated world of Andalasia into the live-action world of New York City. Enchanted was the first Disney film to be distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures, instead of Buena Vista Pictures Distribution.\nThe film is both an homage to, and a self-parody of, conventional Walt Disney Animated Classics, making numerous references to Disney's past and future works through the combination of live-action filmmaking, traditional animation and computer-generated imagery. It heralds the return of traditional animation to a Disney feature film after the company's decision to move entirely to computer animation in 2004. Composer Alan Menken and lyricist Stephen Schwartz, who had written songs for previous Disney films, produced the songs of Enchanted, with Menken also composing its score.
/m/0jltp	Jefferson Airplane is a musical band. The members have included Marty Balin, Paul Kantner, Spencer Dryden, Jack Casady, Grace Slick, Jorma Kaukonen and Skip Spence.
/m/06klyh	Makerere University Kampala is Uganda's largest and second-oldest higher institution of learning, first established as a technical school in 1922. In 1963 it became the University of East Africa, offering courses leading to general degrees from the University of London. It became an independent national university in 1970 when the University of East Africa was split into three independent universities: University of Nairobi, University of Dar es Salaam and Makerere University. Today, Makerere University is constituted of 9 Colleges and 1 school offering programmes for about 30,000 undergraduates and 3,000 postgraduates.\nMakerere was home to many post-independence African leaders, including former Ugandan president Milton Obote and late Tanzanian president Julius Nyerere. Former Tanzanian president Benjamin Mkapa current president of the DRC Joseph Kabila and recent Kenyan president Mwai Kibaki are also Makerere alumni.\nIn the years immediately after Uganda's independence, Makerere University was a focal point for the literary activity that was central to African nationalist culture. Some prominent writers, including Nuruddin Farah, Ali Mazrui, David Rubadiri, Okello Oculi, Ngũgĩ wa Thiong'o, John Ruganda, Paul Theroux, V. S. Naipaul and Peter Nazareth, were at Makerere University at one point in their writing and academic careers.
/m/07lqg0	A biologist is a scientist who studies living organisms and their relationship to their environment. Biologists involved in basic research attempt to discover underlying mechanisms that govern how organisms work. Biologists involved in applied research attempt to develop or improve medical, industrial or agricultural processes.
/m/02q3wl	The pharmaceutical industry develops, produces, and markets drugs or pharmaceuticals licensed for use as medications. Pharmaceutical companies are allowed to deal in generic and/or brand medications and medical devices. They are subject to a variety of laws and regulations regarding the patenting, testing and ensuring safety and efficacy and marketing of drugs.
/m/04_x4s	The Province of Potenza is a province in the Basilicata region of Italy. Its capital is the city of Potenza.
/m/0d05fv	Albert Arnold \"Al\" Gore, Jr. is an American politician, advocate and philanthropist, who served as the 45th Vice President of the United States, under President Bill Clinton. He was the Democratic Party's nominee for President and lost the 2000 U.S. presidential election despite winning the popular vote. Gore is currently an author and environmental activist. He has founded a number of non-profit organizations, including the Alliance for Climate Protection, and has received a Nobel Peace Prize for his work in climate change activism.\nGore was an elected official for 24 years. He was a Congressman from Tennessee from 1977–85 and from 1985–93 served as one of the state's Senators. He served as Vice-President during the Clinton administration from 1993-2001. In the 2000 presidential election, Gore won the popular vote but lost the Electoral College to Republican George W. Bush. A controversial election dispute over a vote recount in Florida was settled by the U.S. Supreme Court, which ruled 5-4 in favor of Bush.\nGore is the founder and current chair of the Alliance for Climate Protection, the co-founder and chair of Generation Investment Management, the co-founder and chair of Current TV, a member of the Board of Directors of Apple Inc., and a senior adviser to Google. Gore is also a partner in the venture capital firm, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, heading its climate change solutions group. He has served as a visiting professor at Middle Tennessee State University, Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism, Fisk University, and the University of California, Los Angeles. He is also a member of the Board of Directors of World Resources Institute.
/m/0chrwb	Liam O'Brien is an American voice actor and voice director perhaps best known for his roles as Gaara of the Sand in Naruto, Captain Jushiro Ukitake in Bleach, War in the video game Darksiders, Vincent Law in Ergo Proxy, Yasuo the Unforgiven in League of Legends and Illidan Stormrage in the Warcraft game series. He is married to fellow voice actress Amy Kincaid.\nO'Brien is also one of the English adaptation writers for the popular series, Naruto. O'Brien is usually cast in unusual roles; as such, he tends to play characters who show signs of insanity or are evil geniuses. Some of those include: Gaara from Naruto, Lloyd from Code Geass, Isaac from Castlevania: Curse Of Darkness, Lezard from Valkyrie Profile 2, Grimoire Weiss from Nier, Kain from Final Fantasy IV, Caius Ballad from Final Fantasy XIII-2, Dist from Tales of the Abyss, Asura from Asura's Wrath and Akihiko Sanada from Shin Megami Tensei: Persona 3. He was nominated for Best Actor in a Comedy by the American Anime Awards for his work in Comic Party, DNA Squared, and Girls Bravo. He is also the voice of Wonderful Pistachios.\nHe currently hosts the All Work No Play podcast with fellow voice actor Sam Riegel. He will reprise his voice acting role as Caius Ballad in Lightning Returns: Final Fantasy XIII.
/m/05mlqj	William James Remar is an American actor and voice artist. He has appeared in movies, video games, and television shows. He played Richard, the on-off tycoon boyfriend of Kim Cattrall's character in Sex and the City; Ajax in The Warriors; the homicidal maniac Albert Ganz in the 1982 thriller 48 Hrs.; Dutch Shultz in The Cotton Club; Lord Raiden in Mortal Kombat: Annihilation; and more recently Harry Morgan in Dexter. Since 2009 he has done voiceover work in ads for Lexus luxury cars.
/m/01rw116	Benjamin Sherman \"Scatman\" Crothers was an American actor, singer, dancer and musician known for his work as Louie the Garbage Man on the TV show Chico and the Man, and as Dick Hallorann in The Shining in 1980. He was also a prolific voiceover artist, and provided the voices of Meadowlark Lemon in the animated TV version of The Harlem Globetrotters, Jazz the Autobot in The Transformers, the title character in Hong Kong Phooey, and Scat Cat in the 1970 film The Aristocats.
/m/0bs5f0b	Life As We Know It is a 2010 romantic comedy-drama film directed by Greg Berlanti, starring Katherine Heigl and Josh Duhamel. It was released on October 8, 2010, after sneak previews in 811 theaters on October 2, 2010. It was released on DVD on February 8, 2011.
/m/04mp75	Sporting Club de Bastia is a French association football club based in Bastia on the island of Corsica. The club currently plays in Ligue 1, the premier division of French football returning after a seven-year long stint in the lower leagues. The club plays its home matches at the Stade Armand Cesari located within the city. Bastia is managed by Frédéric Hantz and captained by midfielder Yannick Cahuzac.\nBastia's main historical success include reaching the final of the 1977–78 edition of the UEFA Cup. The team was defeated by Dutch club PSV Eindhoven. Domestically, Bastia won the second division of French football in 1968 and 2012, and the Coupe de France in 1981. During the club's infancy, it was league champions of the Corsican league 17 times. They are the local rivals of Ajaccio and contest the Corsica derby.\nBastia is owned by Pierre-Marie Geronimi, a French entrepreneur, and has been since 2011. The club have produced several famous players in its history, Dragan Dzajic, Claude Papi, Johnny Rep, Roger Milla, Michael Essien, Alex Song, Sebastien Squillaci and Antar Yahia are other players who have played in Bastia's colours.
/m/023361	Jerrald King \"Jerry\" Goldsmith was an American composer and conductor most known for his work in film and television scoring.\nHe composed scores for such noteworthy films as The Sand Pebbles, Logan's Run, Planet of the Apes, Patton, Chinatown, The Wind and the Lion, The Omen, The Boys from Brazil, Night Crossing, Alien, Poltergeist, The Secret of NIMH, Gremlins, Hoosiers, Total Recall, Basic Instinct, Rudy, Air Force One, L.A. Confidential, Mulan, The Mummy, three Rambo films, and five Star Trek films. He was nominated for six Grammy Awards, nine Golden Globe Awards, four British Academy Film Awards, and eighteen Academy Awards. In 1976, he was awarded an Oscar for The Omen.\nHe collaborated with some of film history's most prolific directors, including Robert Wise, Howard Hawks, Otto Preminger, Joe Dante, Roman Polanski, Ridley Scott, Steven Spielberg, and Paul Verhoeven. However, his most notable collaboration was arguably that of with Franklin J. Schaffner, for whom Goldsmith scored such films as Planet of the Apes, Patton, Papillon, and The Boys from Brazil.
/m/04xx9s	Coach Carter is a 2005 American drama sports film directed by Thomas Carter. It is based on a true story of Richmond High School basketball coach Ken Carter portrayed by Samuel L. Jackson, who made headlines in 1999 for benching his undefeated high school basketball team due to poor academic results. The story was conceived from a screenplay co-written by John Gatins and Mark Schwahn, who created the TV series One Tree Hill. The film also recycles a handful of plot devices from another television series, The White Shadow, which director Carter also co-starred in. The ensemble cast features Rob Brown, Channing Tatum, Debbi Morgan, and musical entertainer Ashanti.\nThe film was a co-production between the motion picture studios of MTV Films and Tollin/Robbins Productions. Theatrically and for the home video rental market, it was commercially distributed by Paramount Pictures. Coach Carter explores professional ethics, academics and athletics. The sports action in the film was coordinated by the production company ReelSports. On January 11, 2005, the original motion picture soundtrack was released by the Capitol Records music label. The film score was composed and orchestrated by musician Trevor Rabin.
/m/0pmcz	The Ruprecht-Karls-Universität Heidelberg is a public research university located in Heidelberg, Baden-Württemberg, Germany. Founded in 1386, it is the oldest university in Germany and was the third university established in the Holy Roman Empire. Heidelberg has been a coeducational institution since 1899. Today the university consists of twelve faculties and offers degree programmes at undergraduate, graduate and postdoctoral levels in some 100 disciplines. It is a German Excellence University, as well as a founding member of the League of European Research Universities and the Coimbra Group. The language of instruction is usually German.\nRupert I, Elector Palatine established the university when Heidelberg was the capital of the Electoral Palatinate. Consequently, it served as a centre for theologians and law experts from throughout the Holy Roman Empire. Matriculation rates declined with the Thirty Years' War, and the university did not overcome its fiscal and intellectual crises until the early 19th century. Subsequently, the institution once again became a hub for independent thinkers, and developed into a \"stronghold of humanism\", and a centre of democratic thinking. At this time, Heidelberg served as a role model for the implementation of graduate schools at American universities. However, the university lost many of its dissident professors and was marked a NSDAP university during the Nazi era. It later underwent an extensive denazification after World War II—Heidelberg serving as one of the main scenes of the left-wing student protests in Germany in the 1970s.
/m/04rs03	Mahesh Bhatt is a prominent film director, producer and screenwriter from India. Bhatt's early directional career consisted of acclaimed movies, such as Arth, Saaransh, Janam, Naam, Sadak and Zakhm. He now produces and writes for commercial and more box office friendly films such as Jism, Murder and Woh Lamhe.
/m/0412f5y	Thaddis \"Kuk\" Harrell is an American songwriter, vocal producer, arranger and engineer. He was a member of a songwriting–production team composed of himself, Christopher \"Tricky\" Stewart and Terius \"The Dream\" Nash. In 2011, Kuk Harrell and partner Tricky Stewart joined the ranks of Fox's American Idol along with music mogul Jimmy Iovine, producing many of the songs performed on television by the contestants and released via iTunes. 2011 marked the highly anticipated return of Jennifer Lopez and her album LOVE? in which Kuk served as Album Vocal Producer. Earning his fourth Grammy for the vocal production of Rihanna's No. 1 Billboard Single \"Only Girl In The World\", Harrell is also the vocal producer and co-writer of Rihanna's Grammy-winning single \"Umbrella\". A composer and engineer on Beyoncé's chart topping \"Single Ladies\" from the album I Am... Sasha Fierce, he is also vocal producer and engineer of the Diane Warren-penned \"I Was Here\" from Beyoncé's 2011 album 4. He also produced the majority of the vocals on Mary J. Blige's Platinum album Growing Pains, which recently won a Grammy for \"Best Contemporary R&B Album\", 2008. The first single from Growing Pains, \"Just Fine\", earned a Grammy nomination for best R&B vocal performance in 2007.
/m/01grp0	The Third United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, consisting of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met at Congress Hall in Philadelphia Pennsylvania from March 4, 1793 to March 4, 1795, during the fifth and sixth years of George Washington's Presidency.\nThe apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives was based on the First Census of the United States in 1790. The Senate had a Pro-Administration majority, and the House had an Anti-Administration majority.
/m/05qtcv	Rajpal Yadav is an Indian film actor, known for his comic roles in Hindi movies.
/m/016l09	The White Stripes were an American rock duo, formed in 1997 in Detroit, Michigan. The group consisted of Jack and Meg White, who were married from 1996 to 2000. After releasing several singles and three albums within the Detroit music scene, the White Stripes rose to prominence in 2002, as part of the garage rock revival scene. Their successful and critically acclaimed albums White Blood Cells and Elephant drew them attention from a large variety of media outlets in the United States and the United Kingdom, with the single \"Seven Nation Army\" and its now-iconic bass line becoming a huge hit. The band recorded two more albums, Get Behind Me Satan in 2005 and Icky Thump in 2007, and dissolved in 2011 after a lengthy hiatus from performing and recording.\nThe White Stripes used a low-fidelity approach to writing and recording. Their music featured a melding of garage rock and blues influences and a raw simplicity of composition, arrangement, and performance. The duo was also noted for their fashion and design aesthetic which featured a simple color scheme of red, white, and black – which was used on every album and single cover the band released – as well as the band's obsession with the number three. The band's discography consists of six studio albums, one live album, two extended plays, one concert film, one tour documentary, twenty-six singles, and fourteen music videos. Their last three albums each won the Grammy Award for Best Alternative Music Album.
/m/01kk32	The Canton of Zürich has a population of 1,406,083. The canton is located in the northeast of Switzerland and the city of Zürich is its capital. The official language is German. The local Swiss German dialect called Züritüütsch is commonly spoken. In English the name of the canton is often written without an umlaut.
/m/013zdg	The Juris Doctor is a professional doctorate and first professional graduate degree in law. The degree is earned by completing law school in the United States, Canada, Australia, and other common law countries. Those who hold the degree of Juris Doctor are professionals committed to the practice of law, and they are primarily concerned with ensuring that laws are upheld and followed in a variety of circumstances. They may focus their practice on criminal law, personal injury, family law, corporate law, or a wide range of other areas. Most individuals holding a Juris Doctor must pass an exam to be licensed to practice law within their jurisdiction. Professionals who pass the required bar examination are known as lawyers or attorneys, and they are designated by the suffix esquire or J.D. Not all J.D. degree holders sit for the bar exam, and thus not all J.D. holders are licensed attorneys, unless the jurisdiction permits otherwise.\nThe degree was first awarded in the United States in the late 19th century and was created as a modern version of the old European doctor of law degree. Originating from the 19th century Harvard movement for the scientific study of law, it is a law degree that in most common law jurisdictions is the primary professional preparation for lawyers. It is a three-year program in most jurisdictions.
/m/0180w8	Richard John Thompson OBE is a British songwriter, guitarist and recording and performing musician.\nThompson was awarded the Orville H. Gibson award for best acoustic guitar player in 1991. Similarly, his songwriting has earned him an Ivor Novello Award and, in 2006, a lifetime achievement award from BBC Radio. Artists who have recorded Thompson's compositions include such diverse talents as Del McCoury, R.E.M., Bonnie Raitt, Christy Moore, David Gilmour, Mary Black, Elvis Costello, Marshall Crenshaw, The Corrs, Sandy Denny, June Tabor, Joel Fafard, Maria McKee, Shawn Colvin, Norma Waterson, Martin Carthy, Nanci Griffith, Graham Parker, The Pointer Sisters, Maura O'Connell, Los Lobos, John Doe, Greg Brown, Bob Mould, Barbara Manning, Loudon Wainwright III, The Futureheads and The Blind Boys of Alabama.\nRichard Thompson made his début as a recording artist as a member of Fairport Convention in September 1967. He continues to write and record new material regularly and frequently performs live throughout the world.\nThompson was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire in the 2011 New Year Honours for services to music. On 5 July 2011, he was awarded an honorary doctorate by the University of Aberdeen.
/m/03w7kx	Olympique Lyonnais is a French association football club based in Lyon. It plays in France's highest football division, Ligue 1. The club was formed as Lyon Olympique Universitaire in 1899, according to many supporters and sport historians, but was nationally established as a club in 1950. The club's most successful period has been the 21st century. The club won its first ever Ligue 1 championship in 2002, starting a national record-breaking streak of seven successive titles. Lyon has also won a record seven Trophée des Champions, five Coupe de France titles and three Ligue 2 Championships.\nLyon has participated the UEFA Champions League 12 times, and during the 2009–10 season, reached the semi-finals of the competition for the first time after three previous quarter-final appearances. Olympique Lyonnais plays its home matches at the 40,500-seat Stade de Gerland in Lyon. In 2013, their new stadium will be ready, tentatively named OL Land, in Décines-Charpieu, a suburb of Lyon. The club's home colours are white, red and blue. Lyon was a member of the G14 group of leading European football clubs and are founder members of its successor, the European Club Association.
/m/02ppg1r	The Starter Wife is a 2007 USA Network television miniseries, based on the novel of the same name by Gigi Levangie Grazer. Its title is derived from the concept of a starter marriage. Filmed over four months in Queensland, Australia, the plot focuses on Molly Kagan who, after years of marriage to a Hollywood film mogul, is forced to redefine herself and her role in society when her husband leaves her for a younger woman.\nThe mini-series premiered with a two-hour presentation on May 31, 2007 at 9:00 pm ET. The premiere attracted 5.4 million viewers, with 2.8 million of them being adults aged 25–54. Ratings steadily decreased as the series progressed. The series is available for purchase on iTunes and was available for DVD purchase starting September 11, 2007.\nThe miniseries was nominated for ten Emmy Awards, including Outstanding Miniseries, Lead Actress in a Miniseries or a Movie, Supporting Actor in a Miniseries or a Movie, Supporting Actress in a Miniseries or a Movie, and Writing for a Miniseries, Movie, or Dramatic Special. Davis was the sole winner, while Messing was also nominated for a Golden Globe Award and Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Actress in a Miniseries or TV Movie.
/m/0f2s6	Fort Worth is the 16th-largest city in the United States of America and the fifth-largest city in the state of Texas. Located in North Central Texas, the city is a cultural gateway into the American West and covers nearly 350 square miles in Tarrant, Denton, Johnson, Parker, and Wise counties—serving as the seat for Tarrant County. According to the 2010 census, Fort Worth had a population of 741,206. The city is the second-largest in the Dallas–Fort Worth–Arlington metropolitan area.\nThe city was established in 1849 as an Army outpost on a bluff overlooking the Trinity River. Today Fort Worth still embraces its Western heritage and traditional architecture and design. USS Fort Worth is the first ship of the United States Navy named after the city.\nFort Worth is home to the Kimbell Art Museum, considered to have one of the best collections in Texas, and housed in what is widely regarded as one of Texas' foremost works of modern architecture. Also of note are the Modern Art Museum of Fort Worth and the Amon Carter Museum, the latter of which houses one of the most extensive collections of American art in the world, in a building designed by Philip Johnson. The city is also home to Texas Christian University, Texas Wesleyan University, Texas A&M University School of Law, and many multinational corporations including Bell Helicopter, Lockheed Martin, American Airlines, Radio Shack, and others.
/m/03fqv5	Alan Jay Pakula was an American film director, writer and producer. He was nominated for three Academy Awards: Best Picture for To Kill a Mockingbird, Best Director for All the President's Men and Best Adapted Screenplay for Sophie's Choice.
/m/01h8rk	Washington State University is a public research university based in Pullman, in the U.S. state of Washington, in the Palouse region of the Pacific Northwest. Founded in 1890, WSU is the state's original and largest land-grant university. The university is well known for its programs in chemical engineering, veterinary medicine, agriculture, animal science, food science, plant science, architecture, neuroscience and communications. It is ranked in the top-ten universities in the US in terms of clean technology and it is one of 96 public and private universities in America with \"very high research activity,\" as determined by the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching. WSU is ranked among the top half of national universities at 115th according to U.S. News and World Report. With an undergraduate enrollment of 21,816 and a total student enrollment of 27,008, it is the second largest institution of higher education in Washington state.\nThe university also operates campuses across Washington known as WSU Spokane, WSU Tri-Cities, and WSU Vancouver, all founded in 1989. In 2012, WSU launched an Internet-based Global Campus, which includes its online degree program, WSU Online. These campuses award primarily bachelor's and master's degrees. Freshmen and sophomores were first admitted to the Vancouver campus in 2006 and to the Tri-Cities campus in 2007. Total enrollment for the four campuses and WSU Online exceeds 25,900 students. In 2009, this included a record 1,447 international students, the highest since 1994 when there were 1,442.
/m/02zjd	Francis Scott Key Fitzgerald was an American author of novels and short stories, whose works are the paradigmatic writings of the Jazz Age, a term he coined. He is widely regarded as one of the greatest American writers of the 20th century. Fitzgerald is considered a member of the \"Lost Generation\" of the 1920s. He finished four novels: This Side of Paradise, The Beautiful and Damned, The Great Gatsby, and Tender Is the Night. A fifth, unfinished novel, The Love of the Last Tycoon, was published posthumously. Fitzgerald also wrote many short stories that treat themes of youth and promise along with age and despair.\nFitzgerald's work has been adapted into films many times. His short story, \"The Curious Case of Benjamin Button\", was the basis for a 2008 film. Tender is the Night was filmed in 1962, and made into a television miniseries in 1985. The Beautiful and Damned was filmed in 1922 and 2010. The Great Gatsby has been the basis for numerous films of the same name, spanning nearly 90 years; 1926, 1949, 1974, 2000, and 2013 adaptations. In addition, Fitzgerald's own life from 1937 to 1940 was dramatized in 1958 in Beloved Infidel.
/m/047p798	Whip It is a 2009 comedy-drama film written by Shauna Cross, based on Cross's novel Derby Girl. The film is directed and co-produced by Drew Barrymore in her directorial debut. It stars Ellen Page as a teenager from the fictional town of Bodeen, Texas, who joins a roller derby team.\nThe film received generally positive reviews from critics but was a disappointment commercially.
/m/0315w4	The Cell is a 2000 science fiction psychological thriller film directed by Tarsem Singh, and starring Jennifer Lopez, Vince Vaughn and Vincent D'Onofrio.
/m/09p0ct	The Constant Gardener is a 2005 drama thriller film directed by Fernando Meirelles. The screenplay by Jeffrey Caine is based on the John le Carré novel of the same name.\nThe film follows Justin Quayle, a British diplomat in Kenya, as he tries to solve the murder of his wife Tessa, an Amnesty activist, alternating with many flashbacks telling the story of their love.\nThe film also stars Hubert Koundé, Danny Huston, Bill Nighy and Donald Sumpter. It was filmed on location in Loiyangalani and the slums of Kibera, a section of Nairobi, Kenya. Circumstances in the area affected the cast and crew to the extent that they set up the Constant Gardener Trust in order to provide basic education for these villages. The plot was based on a real-life case in Kano, Nigeria.\nThe DVD versions were released in the United States on 1 January 2006 and in the United Kingdom on 13 March 2006.
/m/0ch26b_	HUGO is a 2011 3D historical adventure drama film based on Brian Selznick's novel The Invention of Hugo Cabret about a boy who lives alone in the Gare Montparnasse railway station in Paris. It is directed and co-produced by Martin Scorsese and adapted for the screen by John Logan. It is a co-production between Graham King's GK Films and Johnny Depp's Infinitum Nihil. The film stars Asa Butterfield, Chloë Grace Moretz, Ben Kingsley, Sacha Baron Cohen, Helen McCrory, Ray Winstone, Emily Mortimer, Jude Law, and Christopher Lee.\nHugo is Scorsese's first film shot in 3D, of which the filmmaker remarked: \"I found 3D to be really interesting, because the actors were more upfront emotionally. Their slightest move, their slightest intention is picked up much more precisely.\" The film was distributed by Paramount Pictures and released in the U.S. on November 23, 2011.\nThe film was received with critical acclaim, with many critics praising the visuals, acting, and direction. At the 84th Academy Awards, Hugo won five Oscars—for Best Cinematography, Best Art Direction, Best Visual Effects, Best Sound Mixing, and Best Sound Editing—and its eleven total nominations was the most for the evening. Hugo also won two BAFTAs and was nominated for three Golden Globe Awards, earning Scorsese his third Golden Globe Award for Best Director.
/m/0gs0g	Nelson is a city on the eastern shores of Tasman Bay, and is the economic and cultural centre of the Nelson region. Established in 1841, it is the second-oldest settled city in New Zealand and the oldest in the South Island and was proclaimed a city by royal charter in 1858.\nNelson city is bordered to the west and south-west by the Tasman District Council and the north-east, east and south-east by the Marlborough District Council. The city does not include Richmond, the region’s second-largest settlement. Nelson City has a population of around 46,437 ranking it as New Zealand’s 12th most populous city and the geographical centre of New Zealand. When combined with the town of Richmond which has close on 14,000 residents, Nelson is ranked as New Zealand's 9th largest urban area by population.\nNelson is well known for its thriving local arts and crafts scene, Each year, the city hosts events popular with locals and tourists alike, such as the Nelson Arts Festival. The annual Wearable Art Awards began near Nelson and a local museum, World of Wearable Art now showcases winning designs alongside a collection of classic cars.
/m/02gkxp	Middlebury College is a private liberal arts college located in Middlebury, Vermont, in the United States. Founded in 1800, it is one of the oldest liberal arts colleges in the United States. Drawing 2,500 undergraduates from all 50 states and over 70 countries, Middlebury offers 44 majors in the arts, humanities, literature, foreign languages, social sciences, and natural sciences. Middlebury follows a 4–1–4 academic calendar, with two four-course semesters and a one-course January term.\nMiddlebury is the first American institution of higher education to have granted a bachelor's degree to an African-American, graduating Alexander Twilight in the class of 1823. Middlebury was also one of the first formerly all-male liberal arts colleges in New England to become a coeducational institution, following the trustees' decision in 1883 to accept women.\nIn addition to its core undergraduate program, the College organizes undergraduate and graduate programs in modern languages, English literature, and writing. The Middlebury College Language Schools offer instruction in 10 languages. The Bread Loaf School of English is a summer graduate program in English literature, and the Bread Loaf Writers' Conference is one of the oldest writers' conferences in the country. The College also operates 38 C.V. Starr-Middlebury Schools Abroad in 17 countries across 5 continents. The Monterey Institute of International Studies is a graduate school of Middlebury College. The Institute enrolls graduate students in the fields of international environmental policy, international relations, international business, language teaching, and language translation and interpretation.
/m/0ds33	Armageddon is a 1998 American science fiction disaster drama film, directed by Michael Bay, produced by Jerry Bruckheimer, and released by Touchstone Pictures. The film follows a group of blue-collar deep-core drillers sent by NASA to stop a gigantic asteroid on a collision course with Earth. It features an ensemble cast including Bruce Willis, Ben Affleck, Billy Bob Thornton, Liv Tyler, Owen Wilson, Will Patton, Peter Stormare, William Fichtner, Michael Clarke Duncan, Keith David and Steve Buscemi.\nArmageddon opened in theaters only two-and-a-half months after a similar impact-based movie, Deep Impact, which starred Robert Duvall and Morgan Freeman. Armageddon fared better at the box office, while astronomers described Deep Impact as being more scientifically accurate. Both films were equally received by film critics. Armageddon was an international box-office success, despite generally negative reviews from critics. It became the highest-grossing film of 1998 worldwide surpassing the Steven Spielberg war epic, Saving Private Ryan.
/m/016_mj	Christopher Julius \"Chris\" Rock III is an American comedian, actor, screenwriter, television producer, film producer, and director.\nAfter working as a standup comic and appearing in small film roles, Rock came to wider prominence as a cast member of Saturday Night Live in the early 1990s. He went on to more prominent film roles, and a series of acclaimed comedy specials for HBO.\nHe was voted as the fifth greatest stand-up comedian of all time by Comedy Central. He was also voted in the United Kingdom as the ninth greatest stand-up comic on Channel 4’s 100 Greatest Stand-Ups in 2007, and again in the updated 2010 list as the eighth greatest stand-up comic.
/m/03crcpt	Jim Clark is a British film editor and director.\nClark was born in 1931, and grew up in Boston, Lincolnshire. Clark moved to London, and in 1951 he began work as an assistant editor at the legendary Ealing Studios. Subsequently, Clark worked as a freelance assistant editor on two films directed by Stanley Donen and edited by Jack Harris. When Harris declined the opportunity to work on Donen's subsequent film, Surprise Package, Donen gave Clark the job. As Clark later wrote,\nHe received an Academy Award and a BAFTA Award for the editing of The Killing Fields; he received a second BAFTA Award for editing The Mission. Clark was also nominated for BAFTA Awards for his editing of the films Vera Drake and Marathon Man. In 2005, Clark received the American Cinema Editors Career Achievement Award.\nResponding to a question about the major influences on his editing, Clark said\nAs a director he was responsible for Rentadick and Madhouse starring Vincent Price.\nClark now lives in Kensington with his wife Laurence Méry-Clark, who is also a film and television editor. They married in 1961 and have three children. In 2011 Clark's autobiography Dream Repairman: Adventures in Film Editing was published, receiving warm reviews from The Guardian and The Observer.
/m/0sx5w	Howard Allan Stern is an American radio personality, television show host, author, actor, and photographer, whose radio show was nationally syndicated from 1986 to 2005. He gained wide recognition in the 1990s and is labeled a \"shock jock\" for his outspoken and sometimes controversial style. Stern has been exclusive to SiriusXM, a subscription-based satellite radio service, since 2006. He has served as a judge on America's Got Talent since 2012.\nStern wished to pursue a radio career at the age of five. While at Boston University, he worked at the campus station WTBU before a brief stint at WNTN in Newton, Massachusetts. He developed his on-air personality when he landed positions at WRNW in Briarcliff Manor, WCCC in Hartford, Connecticut, and WWWW in Detroit, Michigan. In 1981 he paired with his current newscaster and co-host Robin Quivers at WWDC in Washington, D.C., before working afternoons at WNBC in New York City in 1982 until his sudden firing in 1985. He reemerged on WXRK that year, and became one of the country's most popular radio personalities during his 20-year tenure at the station. He became the most-fined radio host after the Federal Communications Commission issued fines totaling $2.5 million to station licensees for content it considered to be indecent. Stern won Billboard’s \"Nationally Syndicated Air Personality of the Year\" award eight times, and is one of the highest-paid figures in radio after signing a deal with Sirius worth $500 million in 2004. Stern was inducted into the National Radio Hall of Fame in 2012.
/m/02lkcc	Michael Clarke Duncan was an American actor, best known for his breakout role as John Coffey in The Green Mile, for which he was nominated for an Academy Award and a Golden Globe. He was also recognized for his appearances in motion pictures such as Armageddon, The Whole Nine Yards, The Scorpion King and Daredevil, as well as voice acting roles in works such as Brother Bear, Kung Fu Panda & Green Lantern.
/m/0dl567	Taylor Alison Swift is an American singer-songwriter. Raised in Wyomissing, Pennsylvania, Swift moved to Nashville, Tennessee at the age of fourteen to pursue a career in country music. She signed with the independent label Big Machine Records and became the youngest songwriter ever hired by the Sony/ATV Music publishing house. The release of Swift's self-titled debut album in 2006 established her as a country music star. \"Our Song\", her third single, made her the youngest person to single-handedly write and perform a number one song on the Hot Country Songs chart. She received a Best New Artist nomination at the 2008 Grammy Awards.\nSwift's second album, Fearless, was released in 2008. Buoyed by the pop crossover success of the singles \"Love Story\" and \"You Belong with Me\", Fearless became the best-selling album of 2009 in the US. The record won four Grammy Awards, with Swift becoming the youngest ever Album of the Year winner. Swift's third album, 2010's Speak Now, sold over one million copies in its first week of US release. The album's third single, \"Mean\", won two Grammy Awards. In 2012, Swift released her fourth album, Red. Red's opening US sales of 1.2 million were the highest recorded in a decade, with Swift becoming the only female artist to have two million-plus opening weeks. The singles \"We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together\" and \"I Knew You Were Trouble\" were worldwide hits.
/m/05glrg	FC Rostov is a Russian football club based in Rostov-on-Don, Rostov Oblast. The club are currently members of the Russian Premier League and play at the Olimp – 2 stadium.
/m/01w_sh	The University of Essex is a British public research university whose original and largest campus is near the town of Colchester, England. It was established in 1963 and received its Royal Charter in 1965.\nThe university's main campus is located within Wivenhoe Park in the English county of Essex, less than a mile from the town of Wivenhoe & 2 miles from the town of Colchester. Apart from the Wivenhoe Park campus, there is a rapidly developing campus in Southend-on-Sea, and the East 15 Acting School is based in Loughton. The University's motto, Thought the harder, heart the keener, is adapted from the Anglo-Saxon poem The Battle of Maldon. The university enjoys collaborative partnerships with a number of institutions across the eastern region. These are University Campus Suffolk, Colchester Institute, Kaplan Open Learning, South Essex College and Writtle College.\nThe university exhibits an international character with 132 countries represented in its student body. The latest Research Assessment Exercise in 2008 ranked Essex ninth in the UK for the quality of its research with more than 90% of research recognised internationally for its quality, with 22% of research rated as 'world leading'. The university is referenced by QS World University Rankings as a world leader in social science, with internationally-recognised strengths in the humanities.
/m/0dr5y	John Howard Carpenter is an American film director, screenwriter, producer, editor and composer. Although Carpenter has worked in numerous film genres, he is most commonly associated with horror and science fiction films from the 1970s and 1980s.\nNumerous films in Carpenter's career were critical and commercial failures, with the notable exceptions of Halloween and Escape from New York. However, many of Carpenter's films from the 1970s and the 1980s such as Dark Star, Assault on Precinct 13, The Fog, The Thing, Starman, Big Trouble in Little China and They Live have since been seen as cult classics, and Carpenter has been acknowledged as an influential filmmaker.
/m/025rxjq	High Fidelity is a 2000 American comedy-drama film directed by Stephen Frears and starring John Cusack and Danish actress Iben Hjejle. The film is based on the 1995 British novel of the same name by Nick Hornby, with the setting moved from London to Chicago and the name of the lead character changed. After seeing the film, Hornby expressed his happiness with John Cusack's performance as Rob Gordon, saying, \"At times, it appears to be a film in which John Cusack reads my book\".
/m/0bzkgg	The 45th Academy Awards were presented March 27, 1973, at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion, Los Angeles. The ceremonies were presided over by Carol Burnett, Michael Caine, Charlton Heston, and Rock Hudson.\nThe ceremony was marked by Marlon Brando's boycott of the Oscars and his sending of Sacheen Littlefeather to explain why he would not show up to collect his Best Actor award for The Godfather, and by Charlie Chaplin's first competitive Oscar win for Best Original Score for his 20-year-old film Limelight, which was eligible because it did not screen in Los Angeles until 1972. Chaplin had received honorary Academy Awards in 1929 and 1972.\nCabaret, Bob Fosse's revival of the Broadway stage musical, set a record for the most Oscars won without winning Best Picture. Although The Godfather received only three Academy Awards, it is recognized today as one of the most acclaimed and beloved films of all time.\nThis year was the first two time that two African American women received nominations for Best Actress.
/m/012q8y	Fremantle is a city in Western Australia, located at the mouth of the Swan River. Fremantle Harbour serves as the port of Perth, the state capital. Fremantle was the first area settled by the Swan River colonists in 1829. It was declared a city in 1929, and has a population of approximately 25,000.\nThe city is named after Captain Charles Fremantle, the English naval officer who had pronounced possession of Western Australia and who established a camp at the site. The city contains well-preserved 19th-century buildings and other heritage features. The Western Australian vernacular diminutive for Fremantle is Freo.
/m/05yjhm	Hoda Kotb is an Egyptian-American television news anchor and TV host known as the co-host of Today's Talk the fourth hour with Kathie Lee Gifford. She won a Daytime Emmy Award in 2010 as part of The Today Show team. She is also a correspondent for NBC's Dateline NBC.
/m/0276g40	Alok Nath Jha is an Indian film actor who appears in Bollywood movies. He is most notable for playing the role of Haveli Ram in Ramesh Sippy's television series, Buniyaad.
/m/026bt_h	The Alabama Crimson Tide football team represents the University of Alabama in the sport of American football. The Crimson Tide competes in the Football Bowl Subdivision of the National Collegiate Athletics Association and the Western Division of the Southeastern Conference. The team is currently coached by Nick Saban. The Crimson Tide is among the most storied and decorated programs in NCAA history. Since beginning play in 1892, the program recognizes 15 of the national championships awarded to the team, including 10 wire-service national titles in the poll-era, the most of any current FBS program. From 1958 to 1982, the team was led by Hall of Fame coach Paul \"Bear\" Bryant, who won six national championships with the program. Despite numerous national and conference championships, it was not until 2009 that an Alabama player received a Heisman Trophy, when running back Mark Ingram became the university's first winner.\nAs of the completion of the 2013 season, Alabama has 838 official victories in NCAA Division I, has won 27 conference championships and has made an NCAA-record 60 postseason bowl appearances. Other NCAA records include 23 10-game+ win streaks and 19 seasons with a 10–0 start. The program has had 32 10–win seasons, and has 35 bowl victories, both NCAA records. Alabama has completed 10 undefeated seasons, 9 of which were perfect seasons. The Crimson Tide leads the SEC West Division with nine division titles and eight appearances in the SEC Championship Game. Alabama holds a winning record against every current and former SEC school, except for SEC newcomer Missouri. The Associated Press ranks Alabama 4th in all-time final AP Poll appearances, with 51 through the 2013 season.
/m/028kk_	A music director may be the director of an orchestra or concert band, the director of music for a film, the director of music at a radio station, the head of the music department in a school, the coordinator of the musical ensembles in a university, college, or institution, the head bandmaster of a military band, the head organist and choirmaster of a church, or an Organist and Master of the Choristers.
/m/026njb5	Red Road is a 2006 British film directed by Andrea Arnold. It tells the story of a CCTV security operator who observes through her monitors a man from her past. It is named after, and partly set at, the Red Road flats in Barmulloch, Glasgow, Scotland which were the tallest residential buildings in Europe at the time they were built. It is shot largely in a Dogme 95 style, using handheld cameras and natural light.\nRed Road is the first film in Advance Party, a projected trilogy following a set of rules dictating how the films will be written and directed. They will all be filmed and set in Scotland, using the same characters and cast. Each film will be made by a different first-time director. The Observer polled several filmmakers and film critics who voted it as one of the best British films in the last 25 years.
/m/01y64	A conservatory is a higher education institution dedicated to teaching the art of music, including the playing of musical instruments, musical composition, music history, and music theory.
/m/0cc846d	Captain America: The First Avenger is a 2011 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character Captain America, produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is the fifth installment in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. The film was directed by Joe Johnston, written by Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely, and stars Chris Evans, Tommy Lee Jones, Hugo Weaving, Hayley Atwell, Sebastian Stan, Dominic Cooper, Neal McDonough, Derek Luke, and Stanley Tucci.\nSet predominantly during World War II, the film tells the story of Steve Rogers, a sickly man from Brooklyn who is transformed into super-soldier Captain America to aid in the war effort. Rogers must stop the Red Skull, Adolf Hitler's ruthless head of weaponry and the leader of an organization that intends to use an artifact called the \"Tesseract\" as an energy-source for world domination.\nCaptain America: The First Avenger premiered in Hollywood on July 19, 2011, and was released in the United States on July 22, 2011. The film became a critical and commercial success, grossing a total of $370 million worldwide. The Blu-ray and DVD were released on October 25, 2011. A sequel titled Captain America: The Winter Soldier is set for release on April 4, 2014.
/m/01grpq	The Fifth United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, consisting of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met at Congress Hall in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania from March 4, 1797 to March 4, 1799, during the first two years of John Adams's presidency.\nThe apportionment of seats in this House of Representatives was based on the First Census of the United States in 1790. Both chambers had a Federalist majority.
/m/0gyy0	Walter Matthau was an American actor best known for his role as Oscar Madison in The Odd Couple and his frequent collaborations with Odd Couple star Jack Lemmon, as well as his role as Coach Buttermaker in the 1976 comedy The Bad News Bears. He won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his performance in the 1966 Billy Wilder film The Fortune Cookie.
/m/014ck4	Liaoning is a province of the People's Republic of China, located in the northeast of the country. The modern province was established in 1907 as Fengtian or Fengtien province and the name was changed to Liaoning in 1929. It was also known as Mukden province at the time, for the Manchu pronunciation of Shengjing, the former name of the provincial capital Shenyang. Under the Japanese puppet Manchukuo regime, the province reverted to its 1907 name but the name Liaoning was restored in 1945 and again in 1954.\nLiaoning is the southernmost part of Manchuria, the Chinese Northeast. It is also known in Chinese as \"the Golden Triangle\" from its shape and strategic location, with the Yellow Sea in the south, North Korea's North Pyongan and Chagang provinces in the southeast, Jilin to the northeast, Hebei to the southwest, and Inner Mongolia to the northwest. The Yalu River marks its border with North Korea, emptying into the Korea Bay between Dandong in Liaoning and Sinuiju in Korea.
/m/07sqnh	Manisaspor is a professional Turkish football club located in the city of Manisa. Originally formed in 1931 as Sakaryaspor, the club changed its name to Manisaspor on 15 June 1965. The club colours are red, white, and black. Manisaspor play their home matches at Manisa 19 Mayis Stadi.
/m/0ksrf8	Rebecca Maria Hall is an English actress. In 2003, she won the Ian Charleson Award for her debut stage performance in a production of Mrs. Warren's Profession. She has appeared in the films The Prestige, Vicky Cristina Barcelona, The Town, Frost/Nixon, and Iron Man 3.\nIn June 2010, Hall won the Supporting Actress BAFTA for her portrayal of Paula Garland in the 2009 Channel 4 production Red Riding: In the Year of Our Lord 1974. She was also nominated for the Leading Actress BAFTA in 2013 for her role as Sylvia Tietjens in BBC Two's Parade's End.
/m/01pcvn	Katherine Ann \"Kate\" Moss is an English model. Moss was born in Croydon, Greater London, Moss was later discovered in 1988 at the age of 14 by Sarah Doukas, the founder of Storm Model Management, at JFK Airport in New York City. Moss rose to fame in the early 1990s as part of the heroin chic fashion trend. She is known for her waifish figure, and role in size zero fashion. Moss would later go on to have campaigns for a variety of designers including Gucci, Dolce & Gabbana, Calvin Klein, Chanel and Rimmel. Kate Moss will receive a Special Recognition award in December at the 2013 British Fashion Awards to acknowledge her contribution to the fashion industry during her 25-year career.\nAside from modelling, Moss has embarked on numerous ventures, both fashion related and non-fashion related, which include her own clothing line and involvement in musical projects. Moss has won numerous accolades for her modelling career, in 2007, TIME magazine named her one of the 100 most influential people in the world. Moss has also been used as inspiration in a large amount of cultural depictions including a £1.5m 18 carat gold statue was made of Moss in 2008 as part of a British Museum exhibition. The statue is said to be the largest gold statue to be created since the era of Ancient Egypt.
/m/027wvb	Patna is the capital of the Indian state of Bihar, its most populous city and the second most populous city in Eastern India after Kolkata. It is the administrative, industrial and educational centre of the state. Patna is one of the oldest continuously inhabited places in the world. Ancient Patna, known as Pataliputra, was the capital of the Magadha Empire under the Haryanka, Nanda, Mauryan, Sunga, Gupta and Pala.\nPataliputra was a seat of learning and fine arts. Its population during the Maurya period was about 400,000.\nThe modern city of Patna is situated on the southern bank of the Ganges. The city also straddles the rivers Sone, Gandak and Punpun. The city is approximately 35 km long and 16 km to 18 km wide.\nIn June 2009, the World Bank ranked Patna second in India for ease of starting a business. As of 2010-2011, Patna had the highest per capita gross district domestic product in Bihar, at 57,843. Using figures for assumed average annual growth, Patna is the 21st fastest growing city in the world and 5th fastest growing city in India by the City Mayors' Foundation. Patna registered an average annual growth of 3.72% during 2006-2010.
/m/0dvld	Kate Elizabeth Winslet, CBE, is an English actress and singer. She was the youngest person to acquire six Academy Award nominations, and won the Academy Award for Best Actress for The Reader. She has won awards from the Screen Actors Guild, British Academy of Film and Television Arts, and the Hollywood Foreign Press Association among others, and has been nominated twice for an Emmy Award for television acting, winning once for her performance in the 2011 miniseries Mildred Pierce, in which she played the title role. In 2012 she received the Honorary César Award.\nBrought up in Berkshire, Winslet studied drama from childhood, and began her career in British television in 1991. She made her film debut in Heavenly Creatures, for which she received her first notable critical praise. She achieved recognition for her subsequent work in a supporting role in Sense and Sensibility and for her leading role in Titanic, the highest-grossing film in the world at the time.\nSince 2000, Winslet's performances have continued to draw positive comments from film critics, and she has been nominated for various awards for her work in such films as Quills, Iris, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Finding Neverland, Little Children, The Reader and Revolutionary Road. Her performance in the last of these prompted New York magazine critic David Edelstein to describe her as \"the best English-speaking film actress of her generation\". The romantic comedy The Holiday and the animated film Flushed Away are among the biggest commercial successes of her career.
/m/0n9dn	The London Borough of Camden is a borough of London, England, which forms part of Inner London. The southern reaches of Camden form part of central London. The local authority is Camden London Borough Council.
/m/02gyl0	Theodore Meir Bikel is an Austrian-American actor, folk singer, musician, and composer. He made his film debut in The African Queen and was nominated for an Academy award for his supporting role as Sheriff Max Muller in The Defiant Ones.\nBikel is President of the Associated Actors and Artistes of America and was president of Actors' Equity in the late 1970s and early 1980s. He serves as the Chair of the Board of Directors of Partners for Progressive Israel, where he also lectures. His autobiography, Theo, was published in 1995.
/m/0f1sm	Hartford is the capital of the U.S. state of Connecticut and the historic seat of Hartford County until Connecticut disbanded county government in 1960. As of the 2010 Census, Hartford's population was 124,775, making it Connecticut's fourth-largest city after the coastal cities of Bridgeport, New Haven, and Stamford.\nNicknamed the \"Insurance Capital of the World\", Hartford houses many insurance company headquarters, and insurance remains the region's major industry. Almost 400 years old, Hartford is among the oldest cities in the United States. Following the American Civil War, Hartford was the wealthiest city in the United States for several decades. In 1868, resident Mark Twain wrote before he died, \"Of all the beautiful towns it has been my fortune to see this is the chief.\" Today, Hartford is one of the poorest cities in the nation with 3 out of every 10 families living below the poverty line.\nIn 2004, the Hartford metropolitan area ranked second nationally in per capita economic activity, behind only San Francisco. Hartford is ranked 32nd of 318 metropolitan areas in total economic production. Hartford is home to the nation's oldest public art museum, the Wadsworth Atheneum; the oldest public park, Bushnell Park; the oldest continuously published newspaper, The Hartford Courant; the second-oldest secondary school, Hartford Public, and the Mark Twain House where the author wrote his most famous works and raised his family, among other historically significant attractions.
/m/01pg1d	Illeana Douglas is an American actress, director, screenwriter, and producer.
/m/04r7jc	Christopher James Hampton, CBE, FRSL is a British playwright, screen writer and film director. He is best known for his play based on the novel Les Liaisons dangereuses and the film version Dangerous Liaisons and also more recently for writing the nominated screenplay for the film adaptation of Ian McEwan's Atonement.
/m/026m9w	The Grammy Award for Best Female Country Vocal Performance was first awarded in 1965, to Dottie West. The award has had several minor name changes:\nFrom 1965 to 1967 the award was known as Best Country & Western Vocal Performance - Female\nIn 1968 it was awarded as Best Country & Western Solo Vocal Performance, Female\nFrom 1969 to 1994 it was awarded as Best Country Vocal Performance, Female\nFrom 1995 to the present it has been awarded as Best Female Country Vocal Performance\nThe award was discontinued after 2011 award season in a major overhaul of Grammy categories. From 2012, all solo performances in the country category are recognized in the newly formed Best Country Solo Performance category.\nYears reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were presented, for works released in the previous year.
/m/0m7fm	Armstrong County is a county located in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2010 census, the population was 68,941. The county seat is Kittanning. It is located northeast of Pittsburgh and Allegheny County. Armstrong County was added to the Pittsburgh Metropolitan Statistical Area in 2003.\nThe county was organized on March 12, 1800, from parts of Allegheny, Westmoreland and Lycoming Counties. It was named in honor of John Armstrong, who represented Pennsylvania in the Continental Congress and served as a major general during the Revolutionary War.
/m/02lj6p	Bernard Jeffrey \"Bernie\" McCullough, better known by his stage name Bernie Mac, was an African American stand-up comedian, actor, voice artist, and comedian at the All Jokes Aside comedy club in Chicago. Born and raised on the South Side of Chicago, Mac gained popularity as a stand-up comedian. He joined comedians Steve Harvey, Cedric the Entertainer, and D. L. Hughley as The Original Kings of Comedy.\nAfter briefly hosting the HBO show Midnight Mac, Mac appeared in several films in smaller roles. His most noted film role was as Frank Catton in the remake Ocean's Eleven and the titular character of Mr. 3000. He was the star of The Bernie Mac Show, which ran from 2001 through 2006, earning him two Emmy Award nominations for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Comedy Series. His other films included starring roles in Booty Call, Friday, The Players Club, Head of State, Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle, Bad Santa, Guess Who, Pride, Soul Men, Transformers and Madagascar: Escape 2 Africa.\nMac suffered from sarcoidosis, a disease in which abnormal collections of chronic inflammatory cells form as nodules in multiple organs, particularly the lungs and lymph nodes. Lung scarring or infection may lead to respiratory failure and death. Mac had said the condition was in remission in 2005. His death on August 9, 2008 was caused by complications from pneumonia.
/m/064p92m	Tinnu Anand is an Indian actor and director from Bollywood, who is most known as the director of Amitabh Bachchan's movies including, Kaalia, Shahenshah, Main Azaad Hoon and Major Saab. He is the son of veteran writer Inder Raj Anand and uncle of director Siddharth Anand.\nAnand portrayed an important role in Ghajini in 2008. He did his schooling from Mayo College in India.In an exclusive interview to rediff.com, Tinu Anand told about his early days and also praised Amitabh Bachchan for his generosity .\nHe also worked as an assistant to Satyajit Ray in several of his Bengali films.
/m/03rj0	Iceland is a Nordic island country marking the juncture between the North Atlantic and the Arctic Ocean, on the Mid-Atlantic Ridge. The country has a population of 321,857 and a total area of 103,000 km², which makes it the most sparsely populated country in Europe. The capital and largest city is Reykjavík, with the surrounding areas in the southwestern region of the country being home to two-thirds of the country's population. Reykjavík is the most northern capital in the world. Iceland is volcanically and geologically active. The interior consists mainly of a plateau characterised by sand and lava fields, mountains and glaciers, while many glacial rivers flow to the sea through the lowlands. Iceland is warmed by the Gulf Stream and has a temperate climate despite a high latitude just outside the Arctic Circle.\nAccording to Landnámabók, the settlement of Iceland began in AD 874 when the chieftain Ingólfr Arnarson became the first permanent Norse settler on the island. Others had visited the island earlier and stayed over winter. During the following centuries, Norsemen settled Iceland, bringing with them thralls of Gaelic origin. From 1262 to 1918, Iceland was part of the Norwegian and later the Danish monarchies. The country became independent in 1918 and a republic was declared in 1944.
/m/03l3jy	John Yohan Cho is an Korean-American actor and musician. He starred as Harold Lee in the Harold & Kumar films and played the character John, MILF Guy No. 2 who popularized the term \"MILF\" in the American Pie films. He has also starred in the critically acclaimed Asian American films Better Luck Tomorrow and Yellow.\nHe has portrayed the Star Trek character Hikaru Sulu in the Star Trek reboot and starred in the Total Recall remake. On Television, he played FBI agent Demetri Noh in the sci-fi television drama FlashForward and as Chau Presley on the sitcom Off Centre. He stars in a recurring role on the television series Sleepy Hollow.
/m/02m4t	Existentialism is a term applied to the work of certain late 19th- and 20th-century philosophers who, despite profound doctrinal differences, shared the belief that philosophical thinking begins with the human subject—not merely the thinking subject, but the acting, feeling, living human individual. In existentialism, the individual's starting point is characterized by what has been called \"the existential attitude\", or a sense of disorientation and confusion in the face of an apparently meaningless or absurd world. Many existentialists have also regarded traditional systematic or academic philosophies, in both style and content, as too abstract and remote from concrete human experience.\nSøren Kierkegaard is generally considered to have been the first existentialist philosopher, though he did not use the term existentialism. He proposed that each individual—not society or religion—is solely responsible for giving meaning to life and living it passionately and sincerely. Existentialism became popular in the years following World War II, and strongly influenced many disciplines besides philosophy, including theology, drama, art, literature, and psychology.
/m/0s6g4	Naperville is a suburban city of Chicago, located in DuPage and Will counties in the State of Illinois. Naperville was voted the second-best place to live in the United States by Money magazine in 2006. In a 2010 study, Naperville was named the wealthiest city in the Midwest and eleventh in the nation with a population over 75,000. As of the 2010 census, the city had a total population of 141,853, which was estimated to have increased to 143,684 by July 2012. It is the fifth-largest city in Illinois, preceded by Chicago, Aurora, Rockford, and Joliet. Approximately 95,000 Napervillians live on the DuPage County side, while about 45,000 reside on the Will County side. Once a quaint farming town, Naperville has evolved into an affluent city.
/m/0qx1w	Fort Smith is the second-largest city in Arkansas and one of the two county seats of Sebastian County. With an estimated population of 87,443 in 2012, it is the principal city of the Fort Smith, Arkansas-Oklahoma Metropolitan Statistical Area, a region of 298,592 residents which encompasses the Arkansas counties of Crawford, Franklin, and Sebastian, and the Oklahoma counties Le Flore and Sequoyah.\nFort Smith has a sister city relationship with Cisterna, Italy, site of the World War II Battle of Cisterna fought by the United States Army Rangers commanded by Fort Smith native William O. Darby.\nFort Smith lies on the Arkansas-Oklahoma state border, situated at the junction of the Arkansas and Poteau Rivers, also known as Belle Point. The city began as a western frontier military post in 1817 and would later become well known for its role in the settling of the \"Wild West\" and its law enforcement heritage.\nIn 2007, Fort Smith was selected by the United States Department of the Interior to be the location of the new United States Marshals Service National Museum.
/m/0gqy2	Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role is one of the Academy Awards of Merit presented annually by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences to recognize an actor who has delivered an outstanding performance while working within the film industry. Since its inception, however, the award has commonly been referred to as the Oscar for Best Supporting Actor. While actors are nominated for this award by Academy members who are actors and actresses themselves, winners are selected by the Academy membership as a whole.
/m/0d99k_	The Phantom is a 1996 American superhero film directed by Simon Wincer. Based on Lee Falk's comic strip The Phantom, the film stars Billy Zane as a seemingly immortal crimefighter and his battle against all forms of evil. The Phantom also stars Treat Williams, Kristy Swanson, Catherine Zeta-Jones, James Remar and Patrick McGoohan. The film was loosely inspired by three of The Phantom stories, \"The Singh Brotherhood\", \"The Sky Band\", and \"The Belt\"; but adds supernatural elements and several new characters.\nSergio Leone expressed interest in developing The Phantom and intended to follow it with Mandrake the Magician. However, the project was never realized. In the early 1990s, executive producer Joe Dante signed on as director. However, when the film was pushed back, Wincer was approached as director. Principal photography began in October 1995 and concluded on February 13, 1996. The film was shot in California, Thailand and Australia.\nThe Phantom was released on June 7, 1996, and received mixed reviews from film critics. Despite financial disappointment in its theatrical release, the film has since enjoyed success on VHS and DVD.
/m/01kf4tt	Diamonds Are Forever is the seventh spy film in the James Bond series by Eon Productions, and the sixth and final Eon film to star Sean Connery as the fictional MI6 agent James Bond.\nThe film is based on Ian Fleming's 1956 novel of the same name, and is the second of four James Bond films directed by Guy Hamilton. The story has Bond impersonating a diamond smuggler to infiltrate a smuggling ring, and soon uncovering a plot by his old nemesis Ernst Stavro Blofeld to use the diamonds to build a giant laser. Bond has to battle his nemesis for one last time, in order to stop the smuggling and stall Blofeld's plan of destroying Washington DC, and extorting the world with nuclear supremacy.\nAfter George Lazenby left the franchise, producers Harry Saltzman and Albert R. Broccoli tested other actors, but studio United Artists wanted Sean Connery back, paying a then-record $1.25 million salary for him to return. The producers were inspired by Goldfinger, eventually hiring that film's director, Guy Hamilton. Locations included Las Vegas, California, Amsterdam and Lufthansa's hangar in Germany. Diamonds Are Forever was a commercial success, but received criticism for its humorous camp tone.
/m/02m4d	The East River is a tidal strait in New York City. It connects Upper New York Bay on its south end to Long Island Sound on its north end. It separates Long Island from the island of Manhattan and the Bronx on the North American mainland. In reference to its connection to Long Island Sound, it was once also known as the Sound River. The tidal strait usually reverses flow four times a day.
/m/0468g4r	The Best Screenplay Award is an award presented at the Cannes Film Festival. It is chosen by the jury from the 'official section' of movies at the festival. It was first awarded in 1949.
/m/06kkgw	James Wong Howe, A.S.C. was a Chinese American cinematographer who worked on over 130 films. He was a master at the use of shadow and was one of the first to use deep-focus cinematography, in which both foreground and distant planes remain in focus.\nDuring the 1930s and 1940s he was one of the most sought after cinematographers in Hollywood. He was nominated for ten Academy Awards for cinematography, winning twice. Howe was judged to be one of history's ten most influential cinematographers in a survey of the members of the International Cinematographers Guild.
/m/026ssfj	The Leonard N. Stern School of Business, is New York University's business school. Established as the School of Commerce, Accounts and Finance in 1900, Stern is one of the oldest and most prestigious business schools in the world. It is also a founding member of the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business. In 1988, it was named in honor of Leonard N. Stern, an alumnus and benefactor of the school.\nThe Wall Street Journal, Bloomberg Businessweek, and the Financial Times have consistently ranked Stern among the world's top institutions for undergraduate and graduate business education. Its undergraduate program has been ranked 5th in the United States by U.S. News & World Report for the 2012-2013 year. Many of the school's graduates go on to corporate finance careers on Wall Street and elsewhere.\nNYU Stern's biggest competitors for MBA cross admissions include: Harvard Business School, London Business School, Columbia Business School, MIT Sloan School of Management, Wharton School of Business at University of Pennsylvania, Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University, Booth School of Business at University of Chicago, and Haas School of Business at University of California, Berkeley.
/m/093dqjy	Winter's Bone is a 2010 American independent drama film, an adaptation of Daniel Woodrell's 2006 novel of the same name. Written and directed by Debra Granik, the film stars Jennifer Lawrence as a teenaged girl in the rural Ozarks of the central United States who, to protect her family from eviction, must locate her missing father. The film explores the interrelated themes of close and distant family ties, the power and speed of gossip, self-sufficiency, and poverty as they are changed by the pervasive underworld of illegal methamphetamine labs.\nWinter's Bone won several awards including the Grand Jury Prize: Dramatic Film at the 2010 Sundance Film Festival. It also received four 2011 Academy Award nominations: Best Picture, Best Adapted Screenplay, Best Actress and Best Supporting Actor.
/m/062zjtt	Thor is a 2011 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name, produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is the fourth installment in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. The film was directed by Kenneth Branagh, written by Ashley Edward Miller, Zack Stentz and Don Payne, and stars Chris Hemsworth, Natalie Portman, Tom Hiddleston, Stellan Skarsgård, Colm Feore, Ray Stevenson, Idris Elba, Kat Dennings, Rene Russo and Anthony Hopkins. The film tells the story of Thor, the crown prince of Asgard, who is exiled from his homeland to Earth. While there, he forms a relationship with Jane Foster, a scientist. However, Thor must stop his adopted brother Loki, who intends to become the new king of Asgard.\nSam Raimi first developed the concept of a film adaptation of Thor in 1991, but soon abandoned the project, leaving it in \"development hell\" for several years. During this time, the rights were picked up by various film studios until Marvel Studios signed Mark Protosevich to develop the project in 2006, and planned to finance it and release it through Paramount Pictures. Matthew Vaughn was originally assigned to direct the film for a tentative 2010 release. However, after Vaughn was released from his holding deal in 2008, Branagh was approached and the film's release was rescheduled into 2011. The main characters were cast in 2009, and principal photography took place in California and New Mexico from January to May 2010. The film was converted to 3D in post-production.
/m/02b19t	Burton Albion Football Club is an English football club based in Burton upon Trent, Staffordshire. The club participates in Football League Two, the fourth tier in the English football league system. The club's home ground is the Pirelli Stadium, having moved from Eton Park, Princess way, Burton in 2005.\nThe club's most common nickname is The Brewers, stemming from the town's brewing heritage dating back hundreds of years.\nThe club competed in the non-League of English football from their founding in 1950 until 2009, despite the Football League heritage of their predecessors Burton Swifts, Burton United, and Burton Wanderers. The current manager is Gary Rowett, who took over from Paul Peschisolido following his sacking in March 2012 alongside Kevin Poole as caretaker managers, before being officially announced as manager on 10 May 2012.
/m/01f7v_	Wong Kar-wai, BBS is a Hong Kong Second Wave filmmaker, internationally renowned as an auteur for his visually unique, highly stylised, emotionally resonant work, including Days of Being Wild, Ashes of Time, Chungking Express, Fallen Angels, Happy Together, 2046 and The Grandmaster. His film In the Mood for Love, starring Maggie Cheung and Tony Leung, garnered widespread critical acclaim. Wong's films frequently feature protagonists who yearn for romance in the midst of a knowingly brief life and scenes that can often be described as sketchy, digressive, exhilarating, and containing vivid imagery.\nWong was the first Chinese director to win the Best Director Award of Cannes Film Festival. Wong was the President of the Jury at the 2006 Cannes Film Festival, which makes him the only Chinese person to preside over the jury at the Cannes Film Festival. He was also the President of the Jury at the 63rd Berlin International Film Festival in February 2013.\nWong was listed at number three on the British Film Institute's Sight & Sound Top Ten Directors list of modern times.
/m/049_zz	Matthew Todd \"Matt\" Lauer is an American television journalist best known as the host of NBC's The Today Show since 1996. He is also a contributor for NBC's Dateline NBC. He was previously a news anchor for The Today Show and for WNBC in New York City and a local talk-show host in Boston, Philadelphia, Providence and Richmond. He was also host of PM Magazine and worked for ESPN in the 1980s as a sideline reporter. In the early 1990s, Lauer hosted segments of HBO Entertainment News.
/m/01h1b	William Edward \"Billy\" Crystal is an American actor, voice actor, writer, film producer, comedian, singer, television host, and film director. He gained prominence in the 1970s for playing Jodie Dallas on the ABC sitcom Soap and became a Hollywood film star during the late 1980s and 1990s, appearing in the critical and box office successes When Harry Met Sally..., City Slickers, and Analyze This and providing the voice of Mike in the Monsters, Inc. franchise. He has hosted the Academy Awards nine times, beginning in 1990 and most recently in 2012.
/m/0rh7t	Gainesville is the county seat and largest city in Alachua County, Florida, and the principal city of the Gainesville, Florida Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population of Gainesville in the 2010 United States Census was 124,354. Gainesville is the largest city in the region of North Central Florida.\nGainesville is home to the University of Florida, the nation's eighth largest university campus by enrollment, as well as to Santa Fe College. The Gainesville MSA was ranked as the #1 place to live in North America in the 2007 edition of Cities Ranked and Rated. Also in 2007, Gainesville was ranked as one of the \"best places to live and play\" in the United States by National Geographic Adventure. Gainesville was ranked as the \"5th meanest city\" in the United States by the National Coalition for the Homeless twice, first in 2004 for its criminalization of homelessness and then in 2009 for its ordinance restricting soup kitchens to 130 meals a day.
/m/0hsn_	Jessica Phyllis Lange is an American actress who has worked in film, theater and television. The recipient of several awards, including two Oscars, two Emmys, five Golden Globes, one SAG Award, and three Dorian Awards, Lange is one of the most celebrated actors of the modern era.\nLange was discovered by producer Dino De Laurentiis while modeling part-time for the Wilhelmina modelling agency. She made her professional film debut in his 1976 remake of the 1933 action-adventure classic, King Kong. In 1982, she became the first performer in forty years to receive two Oscar nominations within the same year; she won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her role as a soap opera star in Tootsie and was also nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress for her portrayal of the troubled actress, Frances Farmer, in Frances. Lange received three more nominations, for Country, Sweet Dreams and Music Box, before being nominated a sixth time and winning the Academy Award for Best Actress for her performance as a manic depressive housewife in Blue Sky. She later won her first Primetime Emmy Award for her portrayal of Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis' famed aunt, Big Edie, in HBO's Grey Gardens and won her first Screen Actors Guild Award, along with a second Primetime Emmy Award for her performances in FX's anthology horror show, American Horror Story.
/m/04wp2p	Phil Alden Robinson is an American film director and screenwriter whose films include Field of Dreams, Sneakers and The Sum of All Fears.
/m/0n1tx	Summit County is an urban county located in the state of Ohio, United States. According to the 2010 census, it has a population of 541,781, which is a decrease of 0.2% from 542,899 in 2000. It is Ohio's fourth most populous county. Its county seat is Akron. It was named \"Summit County\" because the highest elevation on the Ohio and Erie Canal is located in the county.\nSummit County is part of the Akron Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/02rnmb	Navy blue is a very dark shade of the color blue. Navy blue got its name from the dark blue worn by officers in the British Royal Navy since 1748 and subsequently adopted by other navies around the world.\nWhen this color name, taken from the usual color of the uniforms of sailors, originally came into use in the early 19th century, it was initially called marine blue, but the name of the color soon changed to navy blue.\nThe first recorded use of navy blue as a color name in English was in 1840.\nIn practice, actual blue uniforms of the United States Navy and other navies have become outright black in color, because of difficulties in exact matching of shades of blue from various suppliers.
/m/0r8c8	Thousand Oaks is a city in southeastern Ventura County, California, part of the Greater Los Angeles Area in the United States. Thousand Oaks is located approximately 35 miles from Downtown Los Angeles and is also less than 15 miles from the Los Angeles city neighborhood of Woodland Hills. It was named after the many oak trees that graced the area, and the city seal is adorned with an oak.\nThe city forms the most populated part of a regional area called the Conejo Valley, which includes Thousand Oaks proper, Newbury Park, Westlake Village, Agoura Hills, and Oak Park. The Los Angeles County/Ventura County line crosses at the western city limits of Westlake Village. The population was estimated to be 128,374 in 2012, up from 126,683 at the 2010 census.\nThousand Oaks and Newbury Park were part of a master planned city, created by the Janss Investment Company in the mid-1950s. It included about 1,000 custom home lots, 2,000 single-family residences, a regional shopping center, 200-acre industrial park and several neighborhood shopping centers. The median home price is around $673,000. It is located in the northwestern part of the Greater Los Angeles Area. In 2006, the city was named one of Money magazine's Best Places to Live.
/m/0d6nx	The city of Bern or Berne is the Bundesstadt of Switzerland, and, with a population of 137,919, is the fifth most populous city in Switzerland. The Bern agglomeration, which includes 43 municipalities, has a population of 356,000. The metropolitan area had a population of 660,000 in 2000. Bern is also the capital of the Canton of Bern, the second most populous of Switzerland's cantons.\nThe official language of Bern is German, but the main spoken language is the Alemannic Swiss German dialect called Bernese German.\nIn 1983 the historic old town in the centre of Bern became a UNESCO World Heritage Site and Bern is ranked among the world’s top ten cities for the best quality of life.
/m/041jlr	Michael Haneke is an Austrian film director and screenwriter best known for films such as Caché, Funny Games, The White Ribbon and Amour. His films often document the discontent and estrangement experienced by individuals in modern society. Haneke has worked in television‚ theatre and cinema. He is also known for raising social issues in his work. Besides working as a filmmaker he also teaches directing at the Film Academy Vienna.\nAt the 2009 Cannes Film Festival, his film The White Ribbon won the Palme d'Or for best film, and at the 67th Golden Globe Awards the film won the Golden Globe Award for Best Foreign Language Film. In 2012, his film Amour premiered and competed at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival. The film would go on to win the Palme d'Or, making it his second win of the prestigious award in three years and putting him in an elite club with only six other directors. The film received five Academy Award nominations, including Best Picture, Best Director, Best Original Screenplay, and Best Actress in a Leading Role for Emmanuelle Riva. It won in the category of Best Foreign Language Film. Haneke has made films in French, German and in English.
/m/0bynt	Track and field is a sport which combines various athletic contests based on the skills of running, jumping, and throwing. The sport's name refers to its usual venue: a stadium with an oval running track enclosing a grass field where the throwing and jumping events take place. The running events, which include sprints, middle and long-distance events, and hurdling, are won by the athlete with the fastest time. The jumping and throwing events are won by the athlete who achieves the greatest distance or height. Regular jumping events include long jump, triple jump, high jump and pole vault, while the most common throwing events are shot put, javelin, discus and hammer. There are also \"combined events\", such as heptathlon and decathlon, in which athletes compete in a number of the above events. Most track and field events are individual sports with a single victor, but a number are relay races.\nTrack and field is often categorised under the umbrella sport of athletics, which also includes road running, cross country running, and race walking. At the international level, the two most prestigious international track and field competitions are athletics competition at the Olympic Games and the IAAF World Championships in Athletics, while the International Association of Athletics Federations is the international governing body.
/m/0gqyl	Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role is one of the Academy Awards of Merit presented annually by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences to recognize an actress who has delivered an outstanding performance while working within the film industry. Since its inception, however, the award has commonly been referred to as the Oscar for Best Supporting Actress. While actresses are nominated for this award by Academy members who are actors and actresses themselves, winners are selected by the Academy membership as a whole.
/m/03rjj	Italy, officially the Italian Republic, is a unitary parliamentary republic in Southern Europe. To the north, Italy borders France, Switzerland, Austria, and Slovenia, and is approximately delimited by the Alpine watershed, enclosing the Po Valley and the Venetian Plain. To the south, it consists of the entirety of the Italian Peninsula and the two biggest Mediterranean islands of Sicily and Sardinia.\nItalian territory also includes the islands of Pantelleria, 60 km east of the Tunisian coast and 100 km southwest of Sicily, and Lampedusa, at about 113 km from Tunisia and at 176 km from Sicily, in addition to many other smaller islands. The sovereign states of San Marino and the Vatican City are enclaves within Italy, while Campione d'Italia is an Italian exclave in Switzerland. Italy covers an area of 301,338 km² and has a largely temperate climate. With 60 million inhabitants, it is the 5th most populous country in Europe. Italy is also the 4th-largest economy in the European Union, 3rd in the Eurozone and 9th in the world.\nItaly's capital and largest city, Rome, has for centuries been the leading political and religious centre of Western civilisation, serving as the capital of both the Roman Empire and Christianity. During the Dark Ages, Italy endured cultural and social decline in the face of repeated invasions by Germanic tribes, with Roman heritage being preserved largely by Christian monks. Beginning around the 11th century, various Italian cities, communes and maritime republics rose to great prosperity through shipping, commerce and banking; concurrently, Italian culture flourished, especially during the Renaissance, which produced many notable scholars, artists, and polymaths such as Leonardo da Vinci, Galileo, Michelangelo and Machiavelli. Meanwhile, Italian explorers such as Polo, Columbus, Vespucci, and Verrazzano discovered new routes to the Far East and the New World, helping to usher in the European Age of Discovery. Nevertheless, Italy would remain fragmented into numerous warring states for the rest of the Middle Ages, subsequently falling prey to larger European powers such as France, Spain, and later Austria. Italy would thus enter a long period of decline that lasted until the beginning of the 18th century.
/m/026hh0m	The Invasion is a 2007 science fiction thriller film directed by Oliver Hirschbiegel, starring Nicole Kidman and Daniel Craig. The film had a particularly troubled production, and had its release date postponed several times. At the command of Warner Bros., writer Dave Kajganich's original screenplay was re-written by The Wachowskis during filming, and the studio also ordered a series of re-shoots by director James McTeigue. The Invasion is the fourth film adaptation of the 1955 novel The Body Snatchers by Jack Finney, following Don Siegel's 1956 film Invasion of the Body Snatchers, Philip Kaufman's 1978 remake of the same name, and Abel Ferrara's 1993 Body Snatchers.
/m/02y_9cf	The Ethiopian Empire, also known as Abyssinia, spanned a geographical area covered by present-day Eritrea and the northern half of Ethiopia. It existed from approximately 1137 until 1975 when the monarchy was overthrown in a coup d'etat.\nFollowing the British occupation of Egypt in 1882, Ethiopia and Liberia were the only two African nations to remain independent during the Scramble for Africa by the European imperial powers in the late 19th century.
/m/07fq1y	Rosemary Ann Harris is an English actress and a member of the American Theatre Hall of Fame. She is a nine-time Tony Award nominee, winning Best Actress in a Play in 1966 for The Lion in Winter. She has also been nominated for an Academy Award and a BAFTA Award and has won a Golden Globe, an Emmy, an Obie, and four Drama Desk Awards. She is the mother of actress Jennifer Ehle.
/m/05f7s1	ݮ\nThe University of Allahabad, informally known also as Allahabad University is a public central university located in Allahabad, Uttar Pradesh, India. It is one of the oldest universities established in the Indian subcontinent which primarily uses English as it medium of instruction. Its origins lie in the Muir Central College, named after Lt. Governor of North-Western Provinces, Sir William Muir in 1876, who suggested the idea of a Central University at Allahabad, which later evolved to the present university. At one point it was called the \"Oxford of the East\", and on 24 June 2005 its Central University status was restored through the 'University Allahabad Act, 2005', of the Parliament of India.
/m/031t2d	Men in Black II is a 2002 American comic science fiction action spy film starring both Tommy Lee Jones and Will Smith. The film also stars Lara Flynn Boyle, Johnny Knoxville, Rosario Dawson, Tony Shalhoub and Rip Torn. The film is a sequel to the 1997 film Men in Black and was followed by Men in Black 3, released in 2012. This series of films is based on the Malibu / Marvel comic book series The Men in Black by Lowell Cunningham. A video game partly based on the film was released in 2002 titled Men in Black II: Alien Escape.
/m/0xq63	Long Branch is a city in Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, the city's population was 30,719, reflecting a decline of 621 from the 31,340 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn increased by 2,682 from the 28,658 counted in the 1990 Census.\nLong Branch was formed on April 11, 1867, as the Long Branch Commission, from portions of Ocean Township. Long Branch was incorporated as a city by an Act of the New Jersey Legislature on April 8, 1903, based on the results of a referendum, replacing the Long Branch Commission.
/m/08141d	Mona M. Ianotti, who goes by the stage name Mona Marshall, is an American voice actress.
/m/030hcs	William Gaither \"Billy\" Crudup is an American actor of film and stage. He is known for his roles as the guitarist Russell Hammond in Almost Famous, Will Bloom in Big Fish. He also starred in the 2007 romantic comedy film Dedication, alongside Mandy Moore. In 2009, he appeared as Doctor Manhattan in the film Watchmen and as J. Edgar Hoover in the film Public Enemies. Crudup also has experience in voice acting, having voiced the English version of the character Ashitaka from the Studio Ghibli animated film, Princess Mononoke.
/m/05l71	Founded in 1960, the Oakland Raiders are an American football team based in Oakland, California. For the first ten seasons of their existence, the Raiders belonged to the American Football League; they have been members of the National Football League since the 1970 AFL–NFL merger. As of 2013, the Raiders belong to the Western Division of the American Football Conference. Over the span of fifty-two seasons, the Raiders have experienced considerable success. Entering the 2013 season the Raiders sported a lifetime record of 430–363–11, with a playoff record of 25–18.\nIn the club's first three seasons, the team struggled both on and off the field. In 1963, the Raiders appointed eventual owner/general manager Al Davis to the position of head coach. Under Davis' guidance, the team's fortunes improved dramatically. In 1967, the Raiders reached the postseason for the first time; they went on to win their first, and only, AFL title that year by beating the Houston Oilers in the Championship Game, but they were defeated by the Green Bay Packers in Super Bowl II.\nThe Raiders' run of success intensified in the 1970s; during this time, they won six division titles and played in six AFC championship games. In 1976, the team captured its first championship by defeating the Minnesota Vikings in Super Bowl XI. In 1980, the Raiders unexpectedly won a second championship by defeating the Philadelphia Eagles in Super Bowl XV. Two years later, the franchise relocated to Los Angeles. In 1983, they defeated the Washington Redskins in Super Bowl XVIII to capture a third championship. The Raiders' fortunes declined considerably following the 1985 season; they would win just one division title and two playoff games over their final nine seasons in Los Angeles. In 1995, the team returned to Oakland.
/m/0sxmx	Platoon is a 1986 American war film written and directed by Oliver Stone and stars Tom Berenger, Willem Dafoe and Charlie Sheen. It is the first film of a trilogy of Vietnam War films by Stone. Stone wrote the story based upon his experiences as a U.S. infantryman in Vietnam to counter the vision of the war portrayed in John Wayne's The Green Berets.\nThe film won the Academy Award for Best Picture of 1986. It also won Best Director for Oliver Stone, as well as Best Sound Mixing and Best Film Editing. In 1998, the American Film Institute placed Platoon at #83 in their \"AFI's 100 Years... 100 Movies\" poll.
/m/08sk8l	The Spiderwick Chronicles is a 2008 American fantasy adventure film. It is the film adaptation of Holly Black and Tony DiTerlizzi's bestselling series of the same name. Set in the Spiderwick Estate in New England, United States, it follows the adventures of Jared Grace and his family as they discover a field guide to faeries, battle goblins, mole trolls and other magical creatures. It was directed by Mark Waters and stars Freddie Highmore, Sarah Bolger, Mary-Louise Parker, Martin Short, Nick Nolte, and Seth Rogen. Produced by Nickelodeon Movies and distributed by Paramount Pictures, it was released on February 14, 2008. The film was released on DVD and Blu-ray on June 24, 2008 in the United States.
/m/03xb2w	Kevin George Knipfing, better known by his stage name Kevin James, is an American actor, comedian, writer, and producer. James is widely known for playing Doug Heffernan on the hit CBS sitcom The King of Queens. James is also known for his lead roles in the comedy films I Now Pronounce You Chuck and Larry, Paul Blart: Mall Cop, Grown Ups, Zookeeper, and Here Comes the Boom.
/m/0hn6d	The Pittsburgh Penguins are a professional ice hockey team based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. They are members of the Metropolitan Division of the Eastern Conference of the National Hockey League. The franchise was founded in 1967 as one of the first expansion teams during the league's original expansion from six to twelve teams. The Penguins played in the Civic Arena, also known to Pittsburgh fans as \"The Igloo\", from the time of their inception through the end of the 2009–10 season. They moved into their new arena, Consol Energy Center, to begin the 2010–11 NHL season. They have qualified for four Stanley Cup Finals, winning the Stanley Cup three times in their history – in 1991, 1992, and 2009.
/m/0257__	The Grammy Award for Best Classical Contemporary Composition was first awarded in 1961. This award was not presented from 1967 to 1984.\nThe award has had several minor name changes:\nFrom 1961 to 1962 the award was known as Best Contemporary Classical Composition\nIn 1963 it was awarded as Best Contemporary Composition\nIn 1965 it was awarded as Best Composition by a Contemporary Composer\nIn 1966 and 1964 it was awarded as Best Composition by a Contemporary Classical Composer\nIn 1985 it was awarded as Best New Classical Composition\nFrom 1986 to 1994 it was again awarded as Best Contemporary Composition\nFrom 1995 to 2011 it was again awarded as Best Classical Contemporary Composition\nIn 2012 the category was renamed into Best Contemporary Classical Composition\nThe Grammy is awarded to the composer of a classical piece composed in the last 25 years, and released for the first time during the eligibility year. From 2009 onwards, if the award goes to an opera composition, both the composer and the librettist receive the Grammy.\nYears reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were presented, for works released in the previous year.
/m/059t8	Nova Scotia is one of Canada's three Maritime provinces and constitutes one of the four Atlantic Canada provinces. Located almost exactly halfway between the Equator and the North Pole, its provincial capital is Halifax. Nova Scotia is the second-smallest province in Canada, with an area of 55,284 square kilometres, including Cape Breton Island and another 3,800 coastal islands. As of 2011, the population was 921,727, making Nova Scotia the second-most-densely populated province in Canada.
/m/09fqdt	Eric Victor Rodwell is an American professional bridge player. He has won the Bermuda Bowl representing the U.S. five times and is one of ten players who have won the so-called triple crown of bridge: the Bermuda Bowl, the World Open Pairs and the World Team Olympiad. As of April 2011 he ranks number 8 among Open World Grand Masters.
/m/05zr6wv	This is a following list of the MTV Movie Award winners and nominees for Best On-Screen Duo. It was later changed to Best On-Screen Team in 2001. This award was last given out in 2006. In 2012, it returned but it was changed to Best Cast. In 2013, it was renamed back to Best On-Screen Duo.
/m/04mrhq	Central Coast Mariners FC is a professional soccer club based on the Central Coast of New South Wales, Australia. They participate in the A-League and are one of four teams from the state of New South Wales playing in the competition. The Mariners were the first professional soccer club from the Central Coast to compete in a national competition, and were formed during 2004 for the foundation of the A-League in 2005–06. Despite being considered one of the smaller franchises at the inception of the A-League competition, the club has been one of the most successful, with two Premier's Plates, two second placings, six finals series appearances in eight seasons, one Championship from four Grand Final appearances and three appearances in the AFC Champions League.\nThe club's training grounds are located at the Mariners Centre of Excellence in Tuggerah, a facility which when completed will also become the permanent headquarters for the club.
/m/06wvfq	Bhanurekha Ganesan, better known by her stage name Rekha, is an Indian film actress who has mainly appeared in Hindi films. Noted for her versatility and acknowledged as one of the finest actresses in Hindi cinema, Rekha started her career in 1966 as a child actress in the Telugu film Rangula Ratnam, which won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Telugu for that year, though her film debut as a lead happened four years later with Sawan Bhadon. Despite the success of several of her early films, she was often panned for her looks and it was not until the mid-to-late 1970s that she got recognition as an actress. Since the late 1970s, after undertaking a physical transformation, she has been featured as a sex symbol in the Indian media.\nRekha has acted in over 180 films in a career spanning over 40 years. Throughout her career, she has often played strong female characters and, apart from mainstream cinema, appeared in arthouse films, known in India as parallel cinema. She has won tree Filmfare Awards, two for Best Actress and one for Best Supporting Actress, for her roles in Khubsoorat, Khoon Bhari Maang and Khiladiyon Ka Khiladi, respectively. Her portrayal of a classical courtesan in Umrao Jaan won her the National Film Award for Best Actress. Though her career has gone through certain periods of decline, she has reinvented herself numerous times and has been credited for her ability to sustain her status. In 2010, she was honoured with the Padma Shri by the Government of India.
/m/02pjvc	Linda Edna Cardellini is an American actress. She is known for her television roles Lindsay Weir on Freaks and Geeks, Samantha Taggart on ER, as well as the voices of Hot Dog Water on Scooby-Doo! Mystery Incorporated and Wendy Corduroy on Gravity Falls, and the film role of Velma Dinkley in the live-action Scooby-Doo theatrical films. In 2013, she began playing the recurring role of Sylvia Rosen, neighbor of Don Draper, on Mad Men.
/m/0d90m	X-Men is a 2000 American superhero film based on the fictional Marvel Comics characters of the same name. Co-written and directed by Bryan Singer, the film stars an ensemble cast that includes Patrick Stewart, Hugh Jackman, Ian McKellen, Anna Paquin, Famke Janssen, Bruce Davison, James Marsden, Halle Berry, Rebecca Romijn, Ray Park and Tyler Mane. It depicts a world in which a small proportion of people are mutants, whose possession of superhuman powers makes them distrusted by normal humans. The film focuses on the mutants Wolverine and Rogue as they are brought into a conflict between two groups that have radically different approaches to bringing about the acceptance of mutantkind: Professor Xavier's X-Men, and the Brotherhood of Mutants, led by Magneto.\nDevelopment for X-Men began as far back as 1989 with James Cameron and Carolco Pictures. The film rights went to 20th Century Fox in 1994. Scripts and film treatments were commissioned from Andrew Kevin Walker, John Logan, Joss Whedon and Michael Chabon. Singer signed to direct in 1996, with further rewrites by Ed Solomon, Singer, Tom DeSanto, Christopher McQuarrie and David Hayter. Start dates kept getting pushed back, while Fox decided to move X-Men's release date from December to July 2000. Filming took place from September 22, 1999 to March 3, 2000, primarily in Toronto. X-Men was released to positive reviews and was a financial success, starting the X-Men film series and spawning a reemergence of superhero films.
/m/083chw	Rainn Dietrich Wilson is an American actor who is well known for his Emmy-nominated role as the egomaniacal Dwight Schrute on the American version of the television comedy The Office. He has also directed three episodes of The Office: the sixth season's \"The Cover-Up\", the seventh season's \"Classy Christmas\", and the eighth season's \"Get the Girl\". He also voiced the alien villain, Gallaxhar in the 2009 film Monsters vs. Aliens.
/m/018h2	Bisexuality is romantic attraction, sexual attraction or sexual behavior toward both males and females. The term is mainly used in the context of human attraction to denote romantic or sexual feelings toward both men and women. It may also be defined as encompassing romantic or sexual attraction to people of all gender identities or to a person irrespective of that person's biological sex or gender, which is sometimes termed pansexuality.\nBisexuality is one of the three main classifications of sexual orientation along with heterosexuality and homosexuality, which are each parts of the heterosexual–homosexual continuum. A bisexual identity does not necessarily equate to equal sexual attraction to both sexes; commonly, people who have a distinct but not exclusive sexual preference for one sex over the other also identify themselves as bisexual.\nBisexuality has been observed in various human societies and elsewhere in the animal kingdom throughout recorded history. The term bisexuality, however, like the terms hetero- and homosexuality, was coined in the 19th century.
/m/016xk5	Simon Phillip Hugh Callow, CBE is an English actor, musician, writer and theatre director.
/m/020mgv	Anti-racism includes beliefs, actions, movements, and policies adopted or developed to oppose racism. In general, anti-racism is intended to promote a egalitarian society in which people do not face discrimination on the basis of their race, however defined. By its nature, anti-racism tends to promote the view that racism in a particular society is both pernicious and socially pervasive, and that particular changes in political, economic, and/or social life are required to eliminate it.
/m/0j6tr	The Toronto Maple Leafs is a professional ice hockey franchise based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. They are members of the Atlantic Division in the Eastern Conference of the National Hockey League. The team is one of the \"Original Six\" league members. They are owned by Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment, Ltd. and are represented by chairman Larry Tanenbaum. Their general manager is Dave Nonis. Their head coach is Randy Carlyle. In February 1999 they moved to Air Canada Centre, which replaced Maple Leaf Gardens, their home since 1931.\nThe franchise was founded in 1917, operating simply as Toronto and known today as the Toronto Arenas, as it was operated by the Toronto Arena Company, owners of the Arena Gardens arena. In 1919 the NHL transferred the franchise to new owners who christened the team the Toronto St. Patricks. The franchise was sold in 1926 and was renamed the Toronto Maple Leaf Hockey Club. The team colours are blue and white.\nThe Maple Leafs have won thirteen Stanley Cup championships, second only to the twenty-four championships of their primary rival, the Montreal Canadiens. They won their last championship in 1967. Their 46-year drought between championships is currently longest in the NHL.
/m/01xq8v	Bram Stoker's Dracula is a 1992 American horror fantasy erotic drama film directed and produced by Francis Ford Coppola, based on the novel Dracula by Bram Stoker. It stars Gary Oldman as Count Dracula, Winona Ryder as Mina Harker, Anthony Hopkins as Professor Abraham Van Helsing, and Keanu Reeves as Jonathan Harker.\nBram Stoker's Dracula was greeted by a generally positive critical reception and was a box office hit, although Reeves' performance has been widely criticised. Its score was composed by Wojciech Kilar and featured \"Love Song for a Vampire\" by Annie Lennox, which became an international hit, as the closing credits theme.
/m/06mkj	Spain, officially the Kingdom of Spain, is a sovereign state and a member state of the European Union. It is located on the Iberian Peninsula in southwestern Europe. Its mainland is bordered to the south and east by the Mediterranean Sea except for a small land boundary with Gibraltar; to the north and north east by France, Andorra, and the Bay of Biscay; and to the west and northwest by Portugal and the Atlantic Ocean. It is one of three countries to have both Atlantic and Mediterranean coastlines. Spain's 1,214 km border with Portugal is the longest uninterrupted border within the European Union.\nSpanish territory also includes the Balearic Islands in the Mediterranean, the Canary Islands in the Atlantic Ocean off the African coast, and two autonomous cities in North Africa, Ceuta and Melilla, that border Morocco, plus Alborán, Chafarinas Islands, Alhucemas, Vélez de la Gomera and other small islets including Perejil. Furthermore, the town of Llívia is a Spanish exclave situated inside French territory. With an area of 505,992 km², Spain is the second largest country in Western Europe and the European Union, and the fifth largest country in Europe.
/m/04pp9s	Loretta Devine is an American character actress, best known for her roles as Marla Hendricks in the Fox drama series Boston Public, and for her recurring role as Adele Webber on the Shonda Rhimes' Grey's Anatomy, for which she won Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Drama Series in 2011. In film, Devine appeared in Waiting to Exhale, The Preacher's Wife, I Am Sam, Urban Legend, Crash, Woman Thou Art Loosed, For Colored Girls, This Christmas and Jumping the Broom.
/m/02k4b2	Lacey Nicole Chabert is an American actress and voice actress. She first gained prominence as a child actress on television for her role as Claudia Salinger in the television drama Party of Five. She has also provided the voice of Eliza Thornberry in The Wild Thornberrys TV show and two feature films, and Meg Griffin during the first production season of the animated sitcom Family Guy. In film she has appeared in Lost in Space, Not Another Teen Movie, Daddy Day Care, and as Gretchen Wieners in the movie Mean Girls.
/m/0l4vc	Lancaster is a city located in South Central Pennsylvania which serves as the seat of Pennsylvania's Lancaster County and one of the older inland towns in the United States,. With a population of 59,322, it ranks eighth in population among Pennsylvania's cities. The Lancaster metropolitan area population is 507,766, making it the 101st largest metropolitan area in the US and 2nd largest in the South Central Pennsylvania area.\nThe city's primary industries include healthcare, tourism, public administration, manufacturing, both professional and semi-professional services, and home of the Park City Center shopping mall, the largest indoor retail facility in the region. Lancaster is known for its innovative adoption of advanced technology and hosts more electronic public CCTV outdoor cameras per capita than any other US city, despite controversy among residents. Lancaster was home to James Buchanan, the nation's 15th president, and to congressman and abolitionist Thaddeus Stevens.
/m/03ly1b	Swan Hunter, formerly known as \"Swan Hunter & Wigham Richardson\", is a shipbuilding design, engineering and management company. The company was one of the best known shipbuilding companies in the world but ceased shipbuilding operations on Tyneside in 2006.\nBased in Wallsend, Tyne and Wear, the company was responsible for some of the greatest ships of the early 20th century — most famously, the RMS Mauretania which held the Blue Riband for the fastest crossing of the Atlantic, and the RMS Carpathia which rescued the survivors from the RMS Titanic.\nAt its apex, the company represented the combined forces of three powerful shipbuilding families: Swan, Hunter and Wigham Richardson.
/m/0t_hx	Brockton is a city in Plymouth County, Massachusetts, United States; the population was 93,810 in the 2010 Census. Brockton, along with Plymouth, are the county seats of Plymouth County. Brockton is the seventh largest city in Massachusetts and is sometimes referred to the \"City of Champions\", due to the success of native boxers Rocky Marciano and Marvin Hagler, as well as its successful Brockton High School sports programs. Two of the villages within the city are Montello and Campello, both have the distinction of having their own MBTA Commuter Rail Stations and post offices. the Campello area is the smallest neighborhood in the city, but the most populous. Brockton also hosts a baseball team, the Brockton Rox.\nBrockton is one of the windiest cities in the United States, with an average wind speed of 14.3 mph.
/m/023t0q	Abbas Kiarostami is an Iranian film director, screenwriter, photographer and film producer. An active filmmaker since 1970, Kiarostami has been involved in over forty films, including shorts and documentaries. Kiarostami attained critical acclaim for directing the Koker Trilogy, Close-Up, Taste of Cherry, and The Wind Will Carry Us. In his recent films, Certified Copy and Like Someone in Love, he filmed for the first time outside Iran, in Italy and Japan, respectively.\nKiarostami has worked extensively as a screenwriter, film editor, art director and producer and has designed credit titles and publicity material. He is also a poet, photographer, painter, illustrator, and graphic designer. He is part of a generation of filmmakers in the Iranian New Wave, a Persian cinema movement that started in the late 1960s and includes pioneering directors such as Forough Farrokhzad, Sohrab Shahid Saless, Mohsen Makhmalbaf, Bahram Beizai, and Parviz Kimiavi. These filmmakers share many common techniques including the use of poetic dialogue and allegorical storytelling dealing with political and philosophical issues.
/m/031c3v	John Broome, who additionally used the pseudonyms John Osgood and Edgar Ray Meritt, was an American comic book writer for DC Comics.
/m/0gqmvn	Outstanding Reality Program is a Primetime Emmy Award handed out annually at the Primetime Emmy telecast.
/m/068p_	Poliomyelitis, often called polio or infantile paralysis, is an acute, viral, infectious disease spread from person to person, primarily via the fecal-oral route. The term derives from the Ancient Greek poliós, meaning \"grey\", myelós, referring to the grey matter of the spinal cord, and the suffix -itis, which denotes inflammation., i.e., inflammation of the spinal cord’s grey matter, although a severe infection can extend into the brainstem and even higher structures, resulting in polioencephalitis, producing apnea that requires mechanical assistance such as an iron lung.\nAlthough approximately 90% of polio infections cause no symptoms at all, affected individuals can exhibit a range of symptoms if the virus enters the blood stream. In about 1% of cases, the virus enters the central nervous system, preferentially infecting and destroying motor neurons, leading to muscle weakness and acute flaccid paralysis. Different types of paralysis may occur, depending on the nerves involved. Spinal polio is the most common form, characterized by asymmetric paralysis that most often involves the legs. Bulbar polio leads to weakness of muscles innervated by cranial nerves. Bulbospinal polio is a combination of bulbar and spinal paralysis.
/m/0mzww	Pasadena is a city in Los Angeles County, California, United States. As of 2010 United States Census, the population of Pasadena was 137,122, making it the 180th-largest city in the United States, down from 168th place in 2009. Pasadena is the ninth-largest city in Los Angeles County, and on June 19, 1886, became the fifth to be incorporated in Los Angeles County, after Los Angeles, Anaheim and Santa Ana; the latter two moved to Orange County after its separation from Los Angeles County in 1889. It is one of the primary cultural centers of the San Gabriel Valley.\nThe city is known for hosting the annual Rose Bowl football game and Tournament of Roses Parade. In addition, Pasadena is also home to many scientific and cultural institutions, including the California Institute of Technology, the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, Fuller Theological Seminary, Art Center College of Design, the Pasadena Playhouse, the Norton Simon Museum of Art and the Pacific Asia Museum.
/m/0gclb	Mogadishu, known locally as Xamar, is the largest city in Somalia and the nation's capital. Located in the coastal Banaadir region on the Indian Ocean, the city has served as an important port for centuries.\nTradition and old records assert that southern Somalia, including the Mogadishu area, was historically inhabited by hunter-gatherers of Khoisan physical stock. These were later joined by Cushitic agro-pastoralists, who would go on to establish local aristocracies. Starting in the late 9th or 10th centuries, Arab and Persian traders also began to settle in the region.\nDuring its medieval Golden Age, Mogadishu was ruled by the Somali-Arab Muzaffar dynasty, a vassal of the Ajuuraan State. It subsequently fell under the control of an assortment of local Sultanates and polities, most notably the Geledi Sultanate. The city later became the capital of Italian Somaliland in the colonial period. Post-independence, it was known and promoted as the White Pearl of the Indian Ocean.\nAfter the ousting of the Siad Barre regime and the ensuing civil war, various militias fought for control of the city, later to be replaced by the Islamic Courts Union. The ICU thereafter splintered into more radical groups, notably Al Shabaab, which fought the Transitional Federal Government and its AMISOM allies. With a change in administration in late 2010, federal control of Mogadishu steadily expanded. The pace of territorial gains also greatly accelerated, as more trained government and AMISOM troops entered the city. In early August 2011, government troops and their AMISOM partners had succeeded in forcing out Al-Shabaab from the parts of the city that the group had previously controlled. Mogadishu has subsequently experienced a period of intense reconstruction.
/m/059ts	The Northwest Territories is a territory of Canada. With a population of 41,462 in 2011 and an estimated population of 43,537 in 2013, the Northwest Territories is the most populous territory in Northern Canada. Yellowknife became the territorial capital in 1967, following recommendations by the Carrothers Commission.\nThe Northwest Territories entered the Canadian Confederation July 15, 1870, but the current borders were formed April 1, 1999, when the territory was subdivided to create Nunavut via the Nunavut Act and the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement Act. While neighbouring Nunavut is mostly Arctic tundra, the Northwest Territories has a slightly warmer climate and is mostly boreal forest, although portions of the territory lie north of the tree line, and its most northern regions form part of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago.
/m/07ytt	Vatican City, officially Vatican City State, is a landlocked sovereign city-state whose territory consists of a walled enclave within the city of Rome, Italy. It has an area of approximately 44 hectares, and a population of around 840. This makes Vatican City the smallest internationally recognized independent state in the world by both area and population.\nVatican City is an ecclesiastical or sacerdotal-monarchical state, ruled by the Bishop of Rome—the Pope. The highest state functionaries are all Catholic clergymen of various national origins. It is the sovereign territory of the Holy See and the location of the Pope's residence, referred to as the Apostolic Palace. The Popes have generally resided in the area that in 1929 became Vatican City since the return from Avignon in 1377, but have also at times resided in the Quirinal Palace in Rome and elsewhere.\nIn the city are cultural sites such as St. Peter's Basilica, the Sistine Chapel and the Vatican Museums. They feature some of the world's most famous paintings and sculptures. The unique economy of Vatican City is supported financially by the sale of postage stamps and tourist mementos, fees for admission to museums, and the sale of publications.
/m/016jfw	Barry Alan Crompton Gibb, CBE is a musician, singer, songwriter and producer who rose to worldwide fame as a founder member of the Bee Gees, one of the most commercially successful and critically acclaimed groups in the history of popular music. With his brothers, Robin and Maurice, he formed a songwriting partnership since 1966.\nBorn in Isle of Man, and raised in Manchester where he became involved in the skiffle craze, forming his first band, the Rattlesnakes, which evolved into the Bee Gees in 1960 when they moved to Redcliffe, Queensland, Australia. They returned to England where they achieved worldwide fame. He was also known for his high-pitched falsetto singing voice. Gibb shares the record with John Lennon and Sir Paul McCartney for consecutive Billboard Hot 100 number ones as a writer with six. The book of Guinness World Records lists Gibb as the second most successful songwriter in history behind Sir Paul McCartney.\nGibb's career has spanned over fifty years. In 1994, he was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame with his brothers. In 1997, as a member of the Bee Gees, he was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, and received the Brit Award for Outstanding Contribution to Music. Barry is a fellow of the British Academy of Songwriters, Composers and Authors.
/m/0kf14	Sarnia is a city in Southwestern Ontario, Canada, and had a 2011 population of 72,366. It is the largest city on Lake Huron and in Lambton County. Sarnia is located on the eastern bank of the junction between the Upper and Lower Great Lakes where Lake Huron flows into the St. Clair River, which forms the Canada-United States border, directly across from Port Huron, Michigan. The city's natural harbour first attracted the French explorer La Salle, who named the site \"The Rapids\" when he had horses and men pull his 45-tonne barque \"Le Griffon\" up the almost four-knot current of the St. Clair River on 23 August 1679.\nThis was the first time anything other than a canoe or other oar-powered vessel had sailed into Lake Huron, and La Salle's voyage was thus germinal in the development of commercial shipping on the Great Lakes. Located in the natural harbour, the Sarnia port remains an important centre for lake freighters and oceangoing ships carrying cargoes of grain and petroleum products. The natural port and the salt caverns that exist in the surrounding areas, together with the oil discovered in nearby Oil Springs in 1858 led to the massive growth of the petroleum industry in this area. Because Oil Springs was the first place in Canada and North America to drill commercially for oil, the knowledge that was acquired there led to oil drillers from Sarnia travelling the world teaching other nations how to drill for oil.
/m/0993r	Denise Lee Richards is an American actress and former fashion model. She has appeared in films, including Starship Troopers, Wild Things, Drop Dead Gorgeous, The World Is Not Enough as a Bond girl, and in Valentine. She later appeared in Scary Movie 3, Love Actually, Edmond, and Madea's Witness Protection. She appeared in guest arcs on television series such as Melrose Place, Spin City and Two and a Half Men. She also played Monica and Ross Geller's cousin on Friends. In 2008-2009, she starred on the E! reality TV show Denise Richards: It's Complicated. In 2010-2011, she was a series regular on the comedy Blue Mountain State. In 2012, she made guest appearances on 30 Rock, Anger Management and 90210. She currently stars in the ABC Family series Twisted, on which she plays a fallen socialite and mother of a murderer.
/m/03w9bjf	The term British Indian refers to citizens of the United Kingdom whose ancestral roots lie in India. This includes people born in the UK who are of Indian descent, and Indian-born people who have migrated to the UK. Today, Indians comprise about 1.4 million people in the UK, making them the single largest visible ethnic minority population in the country. They make up the largest subgroup of British Asians, and are one of the largest Indian communities in the Indian diaspora, mainly due to the Indian-British relations. The British Indian community is the fifth largest in the Indian diaspora, behind the Indian communities in Nepal, the United States, Malaysia and Burma.\nBritish Indians are socioeconomically affluent and are primarily members of the middle class. A study by the Joseph Rowntree Foundation in 2011 found British Indians have among the lowest poverty rates among all ethnic groups in Britain, second only to White British.
/m/0fqyzz	Robert Lantos, CM BA MA D.Litt is a Canadian film producer.
/m/06l32y	Roosevelt University is a coeducational, private university with campuses in Chicago, Illinois and Schaumburg, Illinois. Founded in 1945, the university is named in honor of both former President Franklin Delano Roosevelt and First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt. The university's curriculum is based on principles of social justice.\nThe university enrolls around 7,000 students between its undergraduate and graduate programs and is ranked #81 in US News and World Report \"Midwest Universities -2012\". Roosevelt is also home to the Chicago College of Performing Arts. The University's newest academic building, Wabash, is located in The Loop of Downtown Chicago. It is the tallest educational building in Chicago, the second tallest educational building in the United States, and the sixth-largest academic complex in the world. The president Charles R. Middleton was inaugurated in 2002.
/m/09fqd3	Jeffrey John Meckstroth is a multiple world champion in contract bridge, winning the Bermuda Bowl representing the U.S. five times. He is one of only ten players who have won the so-called triple crown of bridge: the Bermuda Bowl, the World Open Pairs and the World Team Olympiad. As of December 2011 he ranks number 6 among Open World Grand Masters.\nFor decades Meckstroth has been in a regular partnership with Eric Rodwell and together, nicknamed \"Meckwell\", they are one of the most successful bridge partnerships of all time. They are well known for playing an aggressive and very detailed system that derived from Precision Club.\nOne of Meckstroth's iconic achievements was winning three of the four available major events contested at the ACBL's 2008 fall championships, the Open Board-A-Match Teams, Blue Ribbon Pairs, and Reisinger Teams. Despite the magnitude of this accomplishment, it was overshadowed by his regular partner, Eric Rodwell, who won the three events with Meckstroth, and finished second in the one event they did not play in together, while Meckstroth finished 17th.\nHe became ACBL's all time leading masterpoint holder when he went past Paul Soloway's long held record during the Indianapolis Winter Regional in March 2010.
/m/0gtgp6	Michael Andrew Martin O'Neill is a Northern Irish former footballer who is the current manager of Northern Ireland.\nO'Neill started his playing career in his native Northern Ireland with Coleraine, before playing for a number of clubs in England, Scotland and the United States. He was capped 31 times at international level by Northern Ireland, in which he scored four goals. His first managerial role was with Brechin City, who he managed from 2006 to 2008, when he accepted the post at Shamrock Rovers. Having won two League of Ireland titles and the Setanta Cup with Rovers, he took over as Northern Ireland manager in 2012.
/m/01qbg5	Gia is a 1998 biographical HBO film about the life of model Gia Marie Carangi starring Angelina Jolie, Faye Dunaway, Mercedes Ruehl, and Elizabeth Mitchell. It was directed by Michael Cristofer and written by Cristofer and Jay McInerney. The original music score was composed by Terence Blanchard.
/m/0cmpn	George V was King of the United Kingdom and the British Dominions, and Emperor of India, from 6 May 1910 until his death.\nGeorge was a grandson of Queen Victoria and Prince Albert and the first cousin of Tsar Nicholas II of Russia and Kaiser Wilhelm II of Germany. From 1877 to 1891, he served in the Royal Navy. On the death of Victoria in 1901, George's father became King Edward VII, and George was made Prince of Wales. On his father's death in 1910, he succeeded as King-Emperor of the British Empire. He was the only Emperor of India to be present at his own Delhi Durbar.\nAs a result of the First World War, most other European empires fell while the British Empire expanded to its greatest effective extent. In 1917, George became the first monarch of the House of Windsor, which he renamed from the House of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha as a result of anti-German public sentiment. His reign saw the rise of socialism, communism, fascism, Irish republicanism, and the Indian independence movement, all of which radically changed the political landscape. The Parliament Act 1911 established the supremacy of the elected British House of Commons over the unelected House of Lords. In 1924 he appointed the first Labour ministry and in 1931 the Statute of Westminster recognised the dominions of the Empire as separate, independent states within the Commonwealth of Nations. He was plagued by illness throughout much of his later reign and at his death was succeeded by his eldest son, Edward VIII.
/m/06w2sn5	Justin Drew Bieber is a Canadian pop musician, actor, and singer-songwriter. Bieber was discovered in 2008 by American talent manager Scooter Braun, who came across Bieber's videos on YouTube and later became his manager. Braun arranged for him to meet with entertainer Usher Raymond in Atlanta, Georgia. Bieber was signed to Raymond Braun Media Group, and then to an Island Records recording contract offered by record executive L.A. Reid.\nHis debut extended play, the seven-track My World, was released in November 2009, and was certified platinum in the United States. He became the first artist to have seven songs from a debut record to chart on the Billboard Hot 100. Bieber's first full-length studio album, My World 2.0, was released in March 2010. It debuted at or near number-one in several countries and was certified platinum in the United States. It was preceded by the single \"Baby\". He followed up the release of his debut album with his first headlining tour, the My World Tour, the remix albums My Worlds Acoustic and Never Say Never – The Remixes, and the 3D biopic-concert film Justin Bieber: Never Say Never. Bieber released his second studio album Under the Mistletoe in November 2011, when it debuted at number-one on the Billboard 200. Bieber released his third studio album Believe on June 19, 2012, and it became his fourth chart topper in the United States, debuting at number-one on the Billboard 200.
/m/0gkz3nz	Moonrise Kingdom is a 2012 American film directed by Wes Anderson, written by Anderson and Roman Coppola. Described as an \"eccentric pubescent love story\", it features newcomers Jared Gilman and Kara Hayward in the film's main roles and an ensemble cast.\nFilming took place in Rhode Island from April until June 29, 2011. Worldwide rights to the independently-produced film were acquired by Focus Features. The film received critical acclaim and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay. It was also nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy.
/m/017n9	Blade Runner is a 1982 American dystopian science fiction thriller film directed by Ridley Scott and starring Harrison Ford, Rutger Hauer, Sean Young and Edward James Olmos. The screenplay, written by Hampton Fancher and David Peoples, is loosely based on the novel Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep? by Philip K. Dick.\nThe film depicts a dystopian Los Angeles in November 2019 in which genetically engineered organic robots called replicants—visually indistinguishable from adult humans—are manufactured by the powerful Tyrell Corporation as well as by other \"mega-corporations\" around the world. Their use on Earth is banned and replicants are exclusively used for dangerous, menial or leisure work on off-world colonies. Replicants who defy the ban and return to Earth are hunted down and \"retired\" by police special operatives known as \"Blade Runners\". The plot focuses on a desperate group of recently escaped replicants hiding in Los Angeles and the burnt-out expert Blade Runner, Rick Deckard, who reluctantly agrees to take on one more assignment to hunt them down.\nBlade Runner initially polarized critics: some were displeased with the pacing, while others enjoyed its thematic complexity. The film performed poorly in North American theaters but has since become a cult film. It has been hailed for its production design, depicting a \"retrofitted\" future, and remains a leading example of the neo-noir genre. It brought the work of Philip K. Dick to the attention of Hollywood and several later films were based on his work. Ridley Scott regards Blade Runner as \"probably\" his most complete and personal film. In 1993, the film was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant\".
/m/06hhp	The Royal Navy is the principal naval warfare service branch of the British Armed Forces. Tracing its origins to the 16th century, it is the oldest service branch and is known as the Senior Service. From the end of the 17th century until well into the 20th century it was the most powerful navy in the world, playing a key part in establishing the British Empire as the dominant world power. Due to this historical prominence, it is common – even among non-Britons – to refer to it as \"The Royal Navy\" without qualification.\nFollowing victory in the First World War the Royal Navy was significantly reduced in size, although at the onset of the Second World War it was still the largest in the world. By the end of the Second World War the United States Navy had emerged as the world's largest. During the course of the Cold War, the Royal Navy transformed into a primarily anti-submarine force, hunting for Soviet submarines, mostly active in the GIUK gap. Following the collapse of the Soviet Union its focus has returned to global expeditionary operations around the world.\nThe navy maintains a fleet of technologically sophisticated ships including an aircraft carrier, an amphibious assault ship, two amphibious transport docks, four ballistic missile submarines, seven nuclear fleet submarines, six guided missile destroyers, 13 frigates, 15 mine-countermeasure vessels and 24 patrol vessels. As of September 2013, there are 79 commissioned ships in the Royal Navy, plus 13 commissioned ships of the Royal Fleet Auxiliary. There are also 6 Merchant Navy ships available to the RFA under a private finance initiative. The RFA replenishes Royal Navy warships at sea, and augments the Royal Navy's amphibious warfare capabilities through its three Bay-class landing ship vessels. The total displacement of the Royal Navy is approximately 362,000 tonnes.
/m/0r62v	Santa Barbara, Spanish: is a city in the US state of California. It is the county seat of Santa Barbara County, California, located in Southern California. Situated on a south-facing section of coastline, the longest such section on the West Coast of the United States, the city lies between the steeply rising Santa Ynez Mountains and the Pacific Ocean. Santa Barbara's climate is often described as Mediterranean, and the city has been promoted as the \"American Riviera\". As of the census of 2010, the city had a population of 88,410, a loss of 1,190 from the previous census, making it the second largest city in the county after Santa Maria while the contiguous urban area, which includes the cities of Goleta and Carpinteria, along with the unincorporated regions of Isla Vista, Montecito, Mission Canyon, Hope Ranch, Summerland, and others, has an approximate population of 220,000. The population of the entire county in 2010 was 423,895.\nIn addition to being a popular tourist and resort destination, the city economy includes a large service sector, education, technology, health care, finance, agriculture, manufacturing, and local government. In 2004, the service sector accounted for fully 35% of local employment. Education in particular is well represented, with five institutions of higher learning on the south coast. The Santa Barbara Airport serves the city, as does Amtrak. U.S. Highway 101 connects the Santa Barbara area with Los Angeles to the southeast and San Francisco to the northwest. Behind the city, in and beyond the Santa Ynez Mountains, is the Los Padres National Forest, which contains several remote wilderness areas.
/m/02_w_r9	The Governor of the State of New York is the chief executive of the U.S state of New York. The governor is the head of the executive branch of New York's state government and the commander-in-chief of the state's military and naval forces. The officeholder is afforded the courtesy style of His/Her Excellency while in office.\nThe current governor is Andrew Cuomo, a Democrat. Cuomo won the November 2010 gubernatorial election and was sworn in as the 56th governor of the state of New York on January 1, 2011.
/m/068p2	Pittsburgh is the seat of Allegheny County and with a population of 306,211 is the second-largest city in the U.S. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. With a metropolitan combined statistical area population of 2,661,369, it is the largest in both the Ohio Valley and Appalachia and the 20th-largest in the U.S. Pittsburgh is known as both \"the Steel City\" for its more than 300 steel-related businesses and \"the City of Bridges\" for its 446 bridges. The city features 30 skyscrapers, 2 inclined railways, a pre-revolutionary fortification, and the source of the Ohio at the confluence of the Monongahela and Allegheny Rivers. This vital link of the Atlantic coast and Midwest cuts through the mineral-rich Alleghenies which made the area coveted by the French and British Empires, Virginia, Whiskey Rebels, Civil War raiders and media networks.\nKnown for steel, Pittsburgh also led innovations and industries in aluminum, glass, shipbuilding, petroleum, foods, appliances, sports, transportation, computing, retail, cars, and electronics. This creative wealth placed Pittsburgh third in corporate headquarters employment for much of the 20th century, second only to New York in bank assets and with more stockholders per capita than any other U.S. city. America's 1980s deindustrialization laid off area blue-collar workers, with thousands of downtown white-collar workers joining them after multi-billion-dollar corporate raids relocated the longtime Pittsburgh-based world headquarters of Gulf Oil, Sunbeam, Rockwell and Westinghouse. This status as a global industry center, its melting pot of immigrant workers, and top-10 rank among the largest cities in the U.S. until 1950 and metro areas until 1980 left the region with a plethora of internationally regarded museums, medical centers, parks, research infrastructure, libraries, and a vibrantly diverse cultural district.
/m/0346qt	Olympique Gymnaste Club Nice Côte d'Azur is a French association football club based in Nice. The club was founded in 1904 and currently plays in Ligue 1, the top-tier of French football. Nice plays its home matches at the Allianz Riviera. Nice is managed by Claude Puel and captained by midfielder Didier Digard.\nNice was founded under the name Gymnaste Club de Nice and is one of the founding members of the first division of French football. Along with Marseille, Montpelllier, Rennes, and Sochaux, Nice is the only club to have played in the inaugural 1932–33 season and still be playing in the first division as of today. The club has won Ligue 1 four times and the Coupe de France three times. Nice achieved most of its honours in the 1950s with the club being managed by coaches such as Numa Andoire, Englishman William Berry, and Jean Luciano. The club's last honour was winning the Coupe de France in 1997 after beating Guingamp 4–3 on penalties in the final. Nice's colors are red and black.\nDuring the club's successful run in the 1950s, Nice were among the first French clubs to successfully integrate internationals players into the fold. Notable players include Argentines Hector De Bourgoing and Pancho González, Luxembourger Victor Nurenberg, and Spaniard Joaquin Valle. Valle is the club's all-time leading goalscorer and, arguably, the club's greatest player.
/m/0fs9vc	The Princess and the Frog is a 2009 American animated musical fantasy film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures. The 49th film in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series, the film is loosely based on the novel The Frog Princess by E. D. Baker, which is in turn based on the Brothers Grimm fairy tale \"The Frog Prince\". Written and directed by Ron Clements and John Musker, the film features an ensemble voice cast that stars Anika Noni Rose, Bruno Campos, Keith David, Michael-Leon Wooley, Jennifer Cody, and Jim Cummings, with Peter Bartlett, Jenifer Lewis, Oprah Winfrey, Terrence Howard, and John Goodman. Set in 1920s New Orleans, Louisiana, the film tells the story of a hardworking waitress named Tiana who dreams of owning her own restaurant. After kissing a prince who has been turned into a frog by an evil witch doctor, Tiana becomes a frog herself, and must find a way to turn back into a human before it is too late. Tiana is notable for being the first African-American Disney Princess.\nThe Princess and the Frog began production under the working title The Frog Princess. It marked Disney's return to traditional animation, as it was the studio's first traditionally animated film since Home on the Range. Co-directors Ron Clements and John Musker, directors of Disney's highly successful films The Little Mermaid and Aladdin, returned to Disney to direct The Princess and the Frog. The studio returned to a Broadway musical-style format frequently used by Disney in the 1980s and 1990s, and features music written by composer Randy Newman, well known for his musical involvement in Pixar films such as A Bug's Life, Monsters, Inc., Cars, and the Toy Story trilogy.
/m/0kvnn	Steven Paul \"Elliott\" Smith was an American singer-songwriter and musician. Smith was born in Omaha, Nebraska, raised primarily in Texas, and resided for a significant portion of his life in Portland, Oregon, the area in which he first gained popularity. Smith's primary instrument was the guitar, but he was also proficient with piano, clarinet, bass guitar, drums and harmonica. Smith had a distinctive vocal style, characterized by his \"whispery, spiderweb-thin delivery\", and used multi-tracking to create vocal layers, textures and harmonies.\nAfter playing in the rock band Heatmiser for several years, Smith began his solo career in 1994, with releases on the independent record labels Cavity Search and Kill Rock Stars. In 1997, he signed a contract with DreamWorks Records, the label for which he recorded two albums. Smith rose to mainstream prominence when his song \"Miss Misery\"—included in the soundtrack for the film Good Will Hunting—was nominated for an Oscar in the Best Original Song category in 1998.\nSmith suffered from depression, alcoholism and drug dependence, and these topics often appear in his lyrics. At age 34, he died in Los Angeles, California, from two stab wounds to the chest. The autopsy evidence was inconclusive as to whether the wounds were self-inflicted. At the time of his death, Smith was working on his sixth studio album, From a Basement on the Hill, which was posthumously completed and released.
/m/025t3bg	Air travel is a form of travel in vehicles such as airplanes, helicopters, hot air balloons, blimps, gliders, hang gliding, parachuting, or anything else that can sustain flight. Use of air travel has greatly increased in recent decades - worldwide it doubled between the mid-1980s and the year 2000.
/m/0234j5	Jackie Brown is a 1997 crime drama film written and directed by Quentin Tarantino. It is an adaptation of Elmore Leonard's novel Rum Punch, the first adaptation from Tarantino, and stars Pam Grier in the title role. The film pays homage to 1970s blaxploitation films, particularly the films Coffy and Foxy Brown, both of which also starred Grier in the title roles.\nThe film's supporting cast includes Robert Forster, Robert De Niro, Samuel L. Jackson, Bridget Fonda and Michael Keaton. It was Tarantino's third film following his successes with Reservoir Dogs and Pulp Fiction.\nGrier and Forster were both veteran actors but neither had performed a leading role in many years. Jackie Brown revitalized both actors' careers. The film garnered Forster an Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actor, and Golden Globe Award nominations for Jackson and Grier.
/m/09zzb8	A make-up artist is an artist whose medium is the human body, applying makeup and prosthetics for theatrical, television, film, fashion, magazines and other similar productions including all aspects of the modeling industry. Awards given for this profession in the entertainment industry include the Academy Award for Best Makeup and Hairstyling and even several entertainment industry awards such as the Emmy Awards and the Golden Globes to name a few. In the United States as well as the other parts of the globe, professional licenses are required by agencies in order for them to hire the MUA. Bigger production companies have in-house makeup artists on their payroll although most MUA’s generally are freelance and their times remain flexible depending on the projects.The use of digital cameras may have made the use of bridal make up more popular.
/m/048s0r	Scott Leo \"Taye\" Diggs is an American theatre, film and television actor. He is perhaps best known for his roles in the Broadway musical Rent, the motion picture How Stella Got Her Groove Back, and the television series Private Practice. His nickname, Taye taey, comes from the playful pronunciation of Scotty as \"Scottay\".
/m/01xn6jr	Orduspor is a Turkish football club founded in 1967. The club is located in Ordu, Turkey and plays their home games at 19 Eylul Stadium. The team managed to qualify for Turkish Super League again in 2011. But, the last spell in top level finished in 2013. Orduspor has also a woman basketball team since 2011 and promoted to Turkish Women's Basketball League in 2012-13 season.
/m/0gl6f	The University of Warwick is a public research university in Coventry, England. It was founded in 1965 as part of a government initiative to expand access to higher education. Warwick Business School was established in 1967 and Warwick Medical School was opened in 2000. Warwick merged with Coventry College of Education in 1979 and Horticulture Research International in 2004.\nWarwick is primarily based on a 290 hectare campus on the outskirts of Coventry with a satellite campus in Wellesbourne. It is organised into four faculties—Arts, Medicine, Science and Social Sciences—within which there are 32 departments. Warwick has around 23,400 full-time students and 1,390 academic and research staff and had a total income of £441.1 million in 2011/12, of which £85.4 million came from research grants and contracts. Warwick Arts Centre, a multi-venue arts complex in the university's main campus, is the largest venue of its kind in the UK outside London.\nWarwick consistently ranks in the top ten of all major rankings of British universities and is the only multi-faculty institution aside from the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge to have never been ranked outside of the top ten. It is ranked by QS as the world's third best university under 50 years and as the world's 9th best university based on employer reputation. It was ranked 7th in the UK amongst multi-faculty institutions for the quality of its research in the 2008 Research Assessment Exercise. Entrance is competitive, with around 8.25 applicants per place for undergraduate study.
/m/015gy7	Melvyn Edouard Hesselberg, better known as Melvyn Douglas, was an American actor.\nDouglas came to prominence in the 1930s as a suave leading man, perhaps best typified by his performance in the 1939 romantic comedy Ninotchka with Greta Garbo. Douglas later transitioned into more mature and fatherly roles as in his Academy Award-winning performances in Hud and Being There.
/m/01j12w	Wollongong is a seaside city located in the Illawarra region of New South Wales, Australia. Wollongong lies on the narrow coastal strip between the Illawarra Escarpment and the Pacific Ocean, 82 kilometres south of Sydney. Wollongong's Statistical District has a population of 292,190, making Wollongong the third largest city in New South Wales after Sydney and Newcastle, and the tenth largest city in Australia.\nThe Wollongong metropolitan area extends from Helensburgh in the north to Windang in the south. It sits within the Wollongong Statistical District, which covers the local authority areas of Wollongong, Shellharbour and Kiama, extending from the town of Helensburgh in the north to Gerroa in the south Geologically, the city is located in the south-eastern part of the Sydney basin, which extends from Newcastle to Nowra.\nWollongong is noted for its heavy industry, its port activity and the quality of its physical setting, occupying a narrow coastal plain between an almost continuous chain of surf beaches and the cliffline of the rainforest-covered Illawarra escarpment. It has two cathedrals, churches of many denominations and the Nan Tien Temple, the largest Buddhist temple in the southern hemisphere. Wollongong has a long history of coalmining and industry. The city attracts many tourists each year, and is a regional centre for the South Coast fishing industry. The University of Wollongong has around 22,000 students and is internationally recognised.
/m/0g5838s	The Impossible is a 2012 English-language Spanish disaster drama film directed by Juan Antonio Bayona and written by Sergio G. Sánchez. It is based on the experience of María Belón and her family in the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami. The cast includes Naomi Watts, Ewan McGregor and Tom Holland. The film received positive reviews from critics for its direction and its acting, especially for Watts who was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress, the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Motion Picture Drama, and a Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Leading Role.
/m/01vtmw6	Harry Edward Nilsson III, usually credited as Nilsson, was an American singer-songwriter who achieved the peak of his commercial success in the early 1970s. He is known for the hit singles \"Everybody's Talkin'\", \"Without You\", and \"Coconut\". Nilsson also wrote the song “One” made famous by the rock band Three Dog Night. His career is notable for the fact that he was one of the few major pop-rock recording artists of his era to achieve significant commercial success without ever performing major public concerts or undertaking regular tours.\nHe was awarded Grammys for two of his recordings; best male contemporary vocal in 1969 for \"Everybody's Talkin'\", a prominent song in the Academy Award-winning movie Midnight Cowboy, and best male pop vocal in 1972 for \"Without You.\"
/m/04m064	Barry Robert Pepper is a Canadian actor. He is best known for roles such as Jonnie Goodboy Tyler in Battlefield Earth, Sergeant Michael Strank in Flags of Our Fathers, Private Daniel Jackson in Saving Private Ryan, Roger Maris in 61*, and \"Lucky\" Ned Pepper in True Grit. He has been nominated for three Screen Actors Guild Awards and a Golden Globe Award. In 2011, for his role as Robert F. Kennedy in the miniseries The Kennedys, Pepper won the Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Miniseries or a Movie.
/m/01chg	Bollywood is the Hindi-language film industry based in Mumbai, Maharashtra, India. The term is often incorrectly used to refer to the whole of Indian cinema; however, it is only a part of the total Indian film industry, which includes other production centres producing films in multiple languages. Bollywood is the largest film producer in India and one of the largest centres of film production in the world.\nBollywood is also formally referred to as Hindi cinema. There has been a growing presence of Indian English in dialogue and songs as well. It is common to see films that feature dialogue with English words, phrases, or even whole sentences.
/m/09hzc	Avignon is a French commune in southeastern France in the départment of the Vaucluse bordered by the left bank of the Rhône river. Of the 94,787 inhabitants of the city, about 12,000 live in the ancient town centre surrounded by its medieval ramparts.\nOften referred to as the \"City of Popes\" because of the presence of popes and antipopes from 1309 to 1423 during the Catholic schism, it is currently the largest city and capital of the département of Vaucluse. This is one of the few French cities to have preserved its ramparts. In addition, its historic centre, the palace of the popes, Rocher des Doms, and the bridge of Avignon are well-preserved. It was classified a World Heritage Site by UNESCO under the criteria I, II and IV.\nAs a showcase of arts and culture, the fame of its annual theatre festival, known as the Festival d'Avignon, has far exceeded the French borders.
/m/02q690_	The 59th Annual Primetime Emmy Awards were held at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles, California on September 16, 2007 and were televised live on Fox at 8:00 p.m. EDT for the first time in high definition. The ceremonies were hosted by Ryan Seacrest.\nThe ceremonies were supposed to be produced by Nigel Lythgoe and Ken Warwick, executive producers of American Idol, but because of their heavy work load with Idol, Ken Ehrlich, last year's producer, resumed the producer's role for the fourth time. Ratings plunged further down to a near an all-time low as an estimate 12.87 million, 19% lower than the past year, making it the second smallest television audience in Emmy history, behind the 1990 telecast.\nNominations were announced Thursday, July 19 at 5:40 a.m. PDT by nominees Jon Cryer and Kyra Sedgwick.\nMeanwhile, the Creative Arts Emmy Awards, hosted by comedian-actor Carlos Mencia, were presented eight days earlier on September 9.
/m/07r1_	The Smashing Pumpkins is an American alternative rock band from Chicago, Illinois, created in 1988. Formed by frontman Billy Corgan and James Iha, the band has included Jimmy Chamberlin, D'arcy Wretzky, Melissa Auf der Maur, and currently includes Mike Byrne, Nicole Fiorentino, and Jeff Schroeder among its membership.\nDisavowing the musical punk rock roots of many of their alt-rock contemporaries, the Pumpkins have a diverse, densely layered, and guitar-heavy sound which while adhering to a punk influenced philosophy in terms of musical delivery, contains elements of gothic rock, heavy metal, dream pop, psychedelic rock, progressive rock, shoegazing, and electronica in later recordings. Corgan is the group's primary songwriter—his grand musical ambitions and cathartic lyrics have shaped the band's albums and songs, which have been described as \"anguished, bruised reports from Billy Corgan's nightmare-land\".\nThe Smashing Pumpkins broke into the musical mainstream with their second album, 1993's Siamese Dream. The group built its audience with extensive touring and their 1995 follow-up, the double album Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness, which debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 album chart. With 20 million albums sold in the United States alone, the Smashing Pumpkins was one of the most commercially successful and critically acclaimed bands of the 1990s. However, internal fighting, drug use, and diminishing record sales led to a 2000 break-up.
/m/04p3c	Leeds is a city in West Yorkshire, England, the principal settlement in the City of Leeds metropolitan district. In 2011 Leeds' main urban subdivision had a population of 474,632, while the City of Leeds had an estimated population of 757,700 making it the third largest city in the United Kingdom. The 2011 census showed that the West Yorkshire Urban Area had a population of 1.8 million, whilst the Leeds City Region, an economic area with Leeds at its core, had a population of 3 million.\nHistorically in the West Riding of Yorkshire, the history of Leeds can be traced to the 5th century when the Kingdom of Elmet was covered by the forest of \"Loidis\", the origin of the name Leeds. The name has been applied to many administrative entities over the centuries. It changed from being the appellation of a small manorial borough, in the 13th century, through several incarnations, to being the name attached to the present metropolitan borough. In the 17th and 18th centuries Leeds became a major centre for the production and trading of wool. Then, during the Industrial Revolution, Leeds developed into a major industrial centre; wool was the dominant industry but flax, engineering, iron foundries, printing, and other industries were important. From being a compact market town in the valley of the River Aire in the 16th century Leeds expanded and absorbed the surrounding villages to become a populous urban centre by the mid-20th century.
/m/020w2	The cornet is a brass instrument very similar to the trumpet, distinguished by its conical bore, compact shape, and mellower tone quality. The most common cornet is a transposing instrument in B♭. It is not related to the renaissance and early baroque cornett.
/m/0byh8j	Kerala, regionally referred to as Keralam, is a state in the south-west region of India on the Malabar coast. It was formed on 1 November 1956 as per the States Reorganisation Act by combining various Malayalam-speaking regions. Spread over 38,863 km² it is bordered by Karnataka to the north and north east, Tamil Nadu to the east and south, and the Lakshadweep Sea to the west. With 33,387,677 inhabitants as per the 2011 census, Kerala is the twelfth largest state by population and is divided into 14 districts. Malayalam is the most widely spoken and official language of the state. The state capital is Thiruvananthapuram, other major cities include Kochi, Kozhikode, Kollam, and Thrissur.\nThe region was a prominent spice exporter from 3000 BCE to 3rd century. The Chera Dynasty was the first powerful kingdom based in Kerala, though it frequently struggled against attacks from the neighbouring Cholas and Pandyas. During the Chera period Kerala remained an international spice trading center. Later, in the 15th century, the lucrative spice trade attracted Portuguese traders to Kerala, and eventually paved the way for the European colonisation of the whole of India. After independence, Travancore and Cochin joined the Republic of India and Travancore-Cochin was given the status of a state. Later, the state was formed in 1956 by merging the Malabar district, Travancore-Cochin, and the taluk of Kasargod, South Kanara.²
/m/04w8f	Mongolia is a landlocked country in Central Asia. It is bordered by Russia to the north and China to the south, east and west. Ulaanbaatar, the capital and also the largest city, is home to about 45% of the population. Mongolia's political system is a parliamentary republic.\nThe area of what is now Mongolia has been ruled by various nomadic empires, including the Xiongnu, the Xianbei, the Rouran, the Gökturks, and others. In 1206, Genghis Khan founded the Mongol Empire, and his grandson Kublai Khan conquered China to establish the Yuan Dynasty. After the collapse of the Yuan, the Mongols retreated to Mongolia and resumed their earlier pattern of factional conflict and occasional raids on the Chinese borderlands. In the 16th and 17th centuries, Mongolia came under the influence of Tibetan Buddhism.\nAt the end of the 17th century, all of Mongolia had been incorporated into the area ruled by the Manchu's Qing Dynasty. During the collapse of the Qing Dynasty the Mongols established Temporary Government of Khalkha in 30 November 1911. On 29 December 1911 Mongolia declared independence from the Qing Dynasty and this National Liberation Revolution ended the Manchu's rule that lasted 220 years.
/m/04smdd	Crimes and Misdemeanors is a 1989 existential drama written, directed by and co-starring Woody Allen, alongside Martin Landau, Mia Farrow, Anjelica Huston, Jerry Orbach, Alan Alda, Sam Waterston and Joanna Gleason.\nThe film was met with critical acclaim and was nominated for three Academy Awards: Woody Allen, for Best Director; Martin Landau, for Best Actor in a Supporting Role; and Allen again, for Best Writing, Screenplay Written Directly for the Screen.
/m/015wy_	Goldsmiths, University of London is a public research university and a constituent college of the federal University of London, which specialises in the arts, designs, humanities, and social sciences. It was founded in 1891 as Goldsmiths' Technical and Recreative Institute by the Worshipful Company of Goldsmiths in New Cross, London. It was acquired by the University of London in 1904 and was renamed Goldsmiths' College. The word College was dropped from its branding in 2006, but \"Goldsmiths' College\", with the apostrophe, remains the institution's formal legal name.\nThe university has a distinguished history of contributing to arts and social sciences. Its Department of Art is widely recognised as one of Britain's most prestigious, producing the YBA's art collective and over 20 Turner Prize nominees. Goldsmiths is also famous for design, psychology, drama, sociology, music, media and cultural studies, languages and literature, visual cultures, anthropology and educational studies.\nNearly 20% of students come from countries outside the UK, and 52% of all undergraduates are mature students. Around a third of students at Goldsmiths are postgraduate students.
/m/01z77k	Miniseries usually refer to a television program that tells a single story in a limited number of episodes, but may also refer to a similar treatment of a comic book story, although that is more commonly known as a \"limited series\".
/m/01hxs4	Matthew Langford Perry is an American-Canadian actor and comedian.\nHe is well known for his Emmy-nominated role as Chandler Bing on the popular, long-running NBC television sitcom Friends. He also received acclaim for his portrayal of Ron Clark in the television movie The Ron Clark Story, accompanied by another Emmy nomination as well as a Golden Globe nomination. Perry also starred in the short-lived series Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip and has appeared in a number of films, including Fools Rush In, The Whole Nine Yards, and 17 Again. In 2010 he expanded his resume to include both video games and voiceover work when he voiced Benny in the role-playing game Fallout: New Vegas. Perry was the co-creator, co-writer, executive producer and star of the short-lived ABC sitcom Mr. Sunshine, which ran from February to April 2011. In August 2012, Perry began starring as Ryan King, a sportscaster, on the NBC comedy Go On. The series was cancelled on May 10, 2013. In December 2013, it was announced that Matthew Perry is starring, co-writing, and executive-producing a remake of The Odd Couple. The multi-camera comedy will start airing sometime in 2014 at CBS. Perry will play Oscar Madison, a known slob; the role of his clean freak roomie Felix Unger has yet to be cast.
/m/0jgx	Armenia, officially the Republic of Armenia, is a mountainous country in the South Caucasus region of Eurasia. Located at the crossroads of Western Asia and Eastern Europe, it is bordered by Turkey to the west, Georgia to the north, the de facto independent Nagorno-Karabakh Republic and Azerbaijan to the east, and Iran and the Azerbaijani exclave of Nakhchivan to the south.\nArmenia is a unitary, multi-party, democratic nation-state with an ancient cultural heritage. The Kingdom of Armenia was established in the 6th century BC, after the fall of Urartu; it became the first state in the world to adopt Christianity as its religion, in the early years of the 4th century. For this reason, Armenia is often called \"the first Christian nation.\" An Armenian principality and later a kingdom, known as Cilician Armenia, existed on the coast of the Mediterranean Sea between the 11th and 14th centuries.\nBy the 19th century, the traditional Armenian homeland was divided between the Ottoman and Russian empires. During World War I, the Armenians living in their ancestral lands in the Ottoman Empire were systematically exterminated in the Armenian Genocide. After almost 600 years of statelessness, Armenia was able to become independent in 1918; however, the First Republic of Armenia was surrounded by hostile countries that forcibly ended its independence in 1920. Between 1920 and 1991, Armenia was part of the Soviet Union. The modern Republic of Armenia became independent in 1991.
/m/0d6n1	Ballet is a type of performance dance that originated in the Italian Renaissance courts of the 15th century and later developed into a concert dance form in France and Russia. It has since become a widespread, highly technical form of dance with its own vocabulary based on French terminology. It has been globally influential and has defined the foundational techniques used in many other dance genres. Ballet requires years of training to learn and master, and much practice to retain proficiency. It has been taught in ballet schools around the world, which have historically used their own cultures to evolve the art.\nBallet may also refer to a ballet dance work, which consists of the choreography and music for a ballet production. A well-known example of this is The Nutcracker, a two-act ballet that was originally choreographed by Marius Petipa and Lev Ivanov with a music score by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky. Ballet dance works are choreographed and performed by trained artists. Many classical ballet works are performed with classical music accompaniment and are theatrical and use elaborate costumes and staging, though there are exceptions to this, such as works by George Balanchine.
/m/047qxs	Timeline is a 2003 science fiction adventure film directed by Richard Donner, based on the novel of the same name by Michael Crichton. A team of present-day archaeologists are sent back in time to rescue their professor from medieval France in the middle of a battle. It stars Paul Walker, Frances O'Connor, Gerard Butler, Billy Connolly, David Thewlis and Anna Friel among others.\nJerry Goldsmith composed the original score, which would have been his last before his death in 2004, but it was replaced with a new score by Brian Tyler, after the first cut was re-edited and Goldsmith's increasing health problems did not allow him to continue. The film was poorly received by critics and fans of the book and was a box office failure.
/m/05pbsry	Community is an American television sitcom created by Dan Harmon that premiered on September 17, 2009 on NBC. The series follows a group of students at a community college in the fictional locale of Greendale, Colorado. The series heavily uses meta-humor and pop culture references, often parodying film and television clichés and tropes. Community has received acclaim from critics, being ranked in several critics' lists of the best television series of 2010 and 2011, and has gained a cult following.\nIn May 2013, NBC renewed the series for a fifth season of 13 episodes, with Harmon returning as showrunner after a season-long absence. The fifth season debuted on January 2, 2014, with a one-hour premiere.
/m/0jgd	Argentina, officially the Argentine Republic is a federal republic located in southeastern South America. Covering most of the Southern Cone, it is bordered by Bolivia and Paraguay to the north; Brazil to the northeast; Uruguay and the South Atlantic Ocean to the east; Chile to the west and the Drake Passage to the south.\nWith a mainland area of 2,780,400 km², Argentina is the eighth-largest country in the world, the second largest in Latin America and the largest Spanish-speaking nation. Argentina claims sovereignty over part of Antarctica, the Falkland Islands, South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands.\nA historical and current middle power and a prominent Latin American and Southern Cone regional power, Argentina is one of the G-15 and G-20 major economies and Latin America's third-largest. It is also a founding member of the United Nations, WBG, WTO, Mercosur, UNASUR, CELAC and OEI. Because of its stability, market size and increasing share of the high-tech sector, Argentina is classed by investors as a middle emerging economy with a \"very high\" rating on the Human Development Index.
/m/0pvms	That Thing You Do! is a 1996 musical comedy film written and directed by Tom Hanks. Set in the summer of 1964, the movie tells the story of the quick rise and fall of a one-hit wonder pop band. The film also resulted in a musical hit with the song \"That Thing You Do\".
/m/02yv_b	The 73rd Academy Awards honored the best films of 2000 and was held on March 25, 2001. It was the last Academy Awards to take place at the Los Angeles Shrine Auditorium. It was hosted by first-time host Steve Martin, who was nominated for an Emmy Award for his presentation.\nNotable films included Gladiator, which received 12 nominations and 5 awards, and Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, which received 10 nominations and 4 awards, as well as Traffic & Erin Brockovich, which both had 5 nominations, with Traffic winning 4 of them.\nAfter a three-year streak of high ratings, the annual ceremony received very low ratings for the first time in four years. This is partially due to the popularity of CBS's Survivor which was number one on the Nielsen Weekly Ratings. The awards show dropped to second place for the first time in broadcasting history. The second time the ceremony placed below the top happened in 2003 when it was surpassed by American Idol.\nBjörk arrived in a gown with a fake swan draped across her. It caused an audience reaction that led to several comments by those participating in the Awards Ceremony. She later used that dress on the cover of her 2001 record album Vespertine. Julia Roberts's black and white Valentino dress has been highlighted as one of the greatest Oscar dresses.
/m/0263ycg	The wardrobe supervisor is responsible for supervising all wardrobe related activities during the course of a theatrical run. The modern title \"wardrobe supervisor\" has evolved from the more traditional titles of \"wardrobe mistress/master\" or \"mistress/master of the wardrobe\". The wardrobe supervisor may be present at some production meetings and fittings, their primary responsibilities generally begin at the load-in stage of a production. At load-in physical custody and responsibility for the costumes shifts from the costume designer and shop staff to the wardrobe supervisor.\nThe wardrobe supervisor, supervises all dressers working on a production. In consultation with the production manager, stage manager and sometimes the director, the wardrobe supervisor helps to coordinate and assign dressers to specific performers and tasks. They help determine where and how costume changes are made. Generally, the wardrobe supervisor decides whether a point in a production requires a quick change backstage, or if there is time for a normal change in the dressing room. All dressers report directly to the wardrobe supervisor, who acts as primary liaison between dressers, the costumer, and stage management.
/m/05h95s	Avatar: The Last Airbender is an American animated television series that aired for three seasons on Nickelodeon from 2005 to 2008. The series was created and produced by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko, who served as executive producers along with Aaron Ehasz. Avatar: The Last Airbender is set in an Asian influenced world wherein some are able to manipulate the classical elements by use of psychokinetic variants of Chinese martial arts known as \"bending\". The show combined the styles of anime and American cartoons, and relied on the imagery of various East Asian, Inuit, Southeast Asian, South Asian and New World societies. Due to this style, the series regularly enters the conversation regarding its consideration as an anime work.\nThe series follows the adventures of protagonist twelve-year-old Aang and his friends, who must bring peace and unity to the world by ending the Fire Lord's war against the other three nations. The pilot episode first aired on February 21, 2005 and the series concluded with a widely praised two-hour episode on July 19, 2008. The show is obtainable from various sources, including DVD, the iTunes Store, the Zune Marketplace, the Xbox Live Marketplace, the PlayStation Store, Netflix Instant Play, Amazon Instant Video, and the Nicktoons Network.
/m/0fb7sd	The Kingdom is a 2007 action film directed by Peter Berg and starring Jamie Foxx, Chris Cooper, Jennifer Garner, Jason Bateman, and Ashraf Barhom, with Kyle Chandler, Jeremy Piven, Richard Jenkins, and Ali Suliman.\nThe film is fictional but inspired by bombings at the Riyadh compound on May 12, 2003 and the Khobar housing complex on June 26, 1996, in the kingdom of Saudi Arabia. The story follows a team of FBI agents who investigate the bombing of a foreign-workers facility in Saudi Arabia. Screenwriter Matthew Michael Carnahan has summarized the plot as, \"What would a murder investigation look like on Mars?”\nThe film was screened at the Edinburgh International Film Festival as its yearly \"surprise\" film on 22 August 2007.
/m/02d45s	Djimon Gaston Hounsou is a Beninese American actor and model. As an actor, Hounsou has been nominated for two Academy Awards.
/m/0sxdg	News Corporation or News Corp. was an American multinational mass media corporation headquartered in New York City. It was the world's second-largest media group as of 2011 in terms of revenue, and the world's third largest in entertainment as of 2009.\nNews Corporation was a publicly traded company listed on the NASDAQ. Formerly incorporated in Adelaide, South Australia, the company was re-incorporated under Delaware General Corporation Law after a majority of shareholders approved the move on 12 November 2004. At present, News Corporation is headquartered at 1211 Avenue of the Americas, New York, in the newer 1960s–1970s corridor of the Rockefeller Center complex.\nAmong its major holdings included News Limited, News International, Dow Jones & Company, the book publisher HarperCollins, and the Fox Entertainment Group.
/m/0_m3k	Myrtle Beach is a coastal city on the east coast of the United States in Horry County, South Carolina. It is situated on the center of a large and continuous stretch of beach known as the Grand Strand in northeastern South Carolina.\nMyrtle Beach is one of the major centers of tourism in the United States because of the city's warm subtropical climate and extensive beaches, attracting an estimated 14 million visitors each spring/summer/fall. As of the 2010 census, the population of the city was 27,109, with the Myrtle Beach-North Myrtle Beach-Conway combined statistical area population of 329,449.
/m/0qmny	Funkadelic is an American band that was at its most prominent during the 1970s. The band and its sister act Parliament, both led by George Clinton, began the funk music culture of that decade.
/m/03f68r6	George Duning was an American musician and film composer. He was born in Richmond, Indiana and educated in Cincinnati, Ohio at the Cincinnati Conservatory of Music, where his mentor was Mario Castelnuovo-Tedesco.
/m/04n52p6	Sherlock Holmes is a 2009 British–American action mystery film based on the character of the same name created by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. The film was directed by Guy Ritchie and produced by Joel Silver, Lionel Wigram, Susan Downey and Dan Lin. The screenplay by Michael Robert Johnson, Anthony Peckham and Simon Kinberg was developed from a story by Lionel Wigram and Michael Robert Johnson. Robert Downey, Jr. and Jude Law portray Sherlock Holmes and Dr. John Watson respectively. In the film, Holmes and his companion Watson, with aid from former adversary Irene Adler, investigate a series of murders connected to occult rituals. Mark Strong plays the villain Lord Blackwood, who has somehow returned from the dead after his execution with a plot to take over the British Empire using an arsenal of dark arts and new technologies.\nThe film went on general release in the United States on 25 December 2009, and on 26 December 2009 in the UK, Ireland, and the Pacific.\nSherlock Holmes received mostly positive critical reaction., praising the story, and Robert Downey Jr's performance as the main character, winning on the nomination on the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor on a Comedy. The film was also nominated for two Academy Awards, Best Original Score and Best Art Direction, which it lost to Up and Avatar, respectively.
/m/07_s4b	John Frink is an American television writer and producer. He has written several episodes of the American animated sitcom The Simpsons, many of which he co-wrote with his former writing partner Don Payne. Frink and Payne started their career in television writing for the short-lived sitcom Hope and Gloria. They wrote their first episode of The Simpsons in 2000, and Frink still works on the show as a writer and executive producer.
/m/03hxsv	Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is a 2009 fantasy film directed by David Yates and distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures. It is based on the novel of the same name by J. K. Rowling. The film, which is the sixth instalment in the Harry Potter film series, was written by Steve Kloves and produced by David Heyman and David Barron. The story follows Harry Potter's sixth year at Hogwarts as he becomes obsessed with a mysterious textbook, falls in love, and attempts to retrieve a memory that holds the key to Lord Voldemort's downfall. The film stars Daniel Radcliffe as Harry Potter, alongside Rupert Grint and Emma Watson as Harry's best friends Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger. It is the sequel to Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix and is followed by Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 1.\nFilming began on 24 September 2007, culminating with the film's worldwide cinematic release on 15 July 2009, one day short of the fourth anniversary of the corresponding novel's release. In everywhere but the United States, the sixth film was simultaneously released in regular cinemas and IMAX 3D in all countries. Due to North American theatres having a several-week commitment to Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen, the IMAX 3D release of the film occurred on 29 July, two weeks after its original release.
/m/07r1h	Tom Cruise, is an American film actor and producer. He has been nominated for three Academy Awards and has won three Golden Globe Awards. He started his career at age 19 in the 1981 film Endless Love. After portraying supporting roles in Taps and The Outsiders, his first leading role was in Risky Business, released in August 1983. Cruise became a full-fledged movie star after starring in Top Gun. He is well known for his role as secret agent Ethan Hunt in the Mission: Impossible film series between 1996 and 2011.\nCruise has starred in many Hollywood blockbusters, including The Color of Money, Cocktail, Rain Man, Born on the Fourth of July, Far and Away, A Few Good Men, The Firm, Interview with the Vampire: The Vampire Chronicles, Jerry Maguire, Eyes Wide Shut, Magnolia, Vanilla Sky, Minority Report, The Last Samurai, Collateral, War of the Worlds, Valkyrie, Knight and Day, Jack Reacher and Oblivion. In 2012, Cruise was Hollywood's highest-paid actor. Fourteen of his films grossed over $100 million domestically; twenty have grossed in excess of $200 million worldwide.
/m/01lb14	Road running is the sport of running on a measured course over an established road.\nThese events are usually classified as long-distance according to athletics terminology, with races typically ranging from 5 kilometers to 42.2 kilometers in the marathon. They may involve large numbers of runners or wheelchair entrants. The three most common distances for road running events are 10K runs, half marathons and marathons.\nRoad running may offer those involved a range of challenges and interests such as dealing with hills, sharp bends, varied surfaces, inclement weather, and involvement in a large group. Aerobic fitness, or the ability of the body to use oxygen, is the biggest factor contributing to success.\nThe impact of running on roads puts more stress on the feet, knees and lower back than running on dirt or grass. It can compensate by providing a consistent, level surface. It may put less strain on the Achilles tendon.\nRoad running is one of several forms of road racing, which also include road bicycle racing and motor vehicle road racing.
/m/01j5ql	Courage Under Fire is a 1996 film directed by Edward Zwick, and starring Denzel Washington, Meg Ryan, Lou Diamond Phillips and Matt Damon.
/m/028d4v	Catherine Anne O'Hara is a Canadian-American actress, writer and comedian. She is well known for her comedy work on SCTV and her roles in the films After Hours, Beetlejuice, Home Alone, and The Nightmare Before Christmas, and also in the mockumentary films written and directed by Christopher Guest, including Waiting for Guffman, Best in Show, A Mighty Wind, and For Your Consideration.
/m/0mnrb	Henrico County, officially the County of Henrico, is a county located in the Commonwealth of Virginia, a state of the United States. As of the 2010 census, the population was 306,935, in 2013, the population was estimated to be 316,973, making it the fifth-most populous county in Virginia. Its county seat is Richmond, the state capital. Established as the Citie of Henricus in 1611 by the Virginia Company, Henrico became one of the eight original English shires in 1634. It is one of the oldest counties in the United States.\nHenrico County is included in the Richmond Metropolitan Statistical Area.\nThe incorporated city of Richmond was officially part of Henrico County until a state constitutional change in 1871 made all incorporated cities in Virginia independent cities. The land within Henrico County surrounds the independent city of Richmond to the west, north, and east. The shape of Henrico County curves around the northern side of the city of Richmond. Bordering the city of Richmond on the west, north, and east, the county of Henrico lies between the James and Chickahominy rivers, and constitutes approximately a third of the Richmond metropolitan area. Today, Henrico's over one-quarter of a million residents live in planned communities of 244.06 square miles consisting of residential communities, farm land, office parks, retail, and diversified industrial areas.
/m/04lqvlr	Il Divo is a 2008 Italian biographical drama film directed by Paolo Sorrentino. It is based on the figure of former Italian Prime Minister Giulio Andreotti. It competed at the Cannes Film Festival in 2008, where it was awarded the Jury Prize. The film also screened at the Toronto International Film Festival and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Makeup and Hairstyling at the 82nd Academy Awards in 2010.
/m/08gg47	The World's Fastest Indian is a 2005 New Zealand biographical film based on the Invercargill, New Zealand speed bike racer Burt Munro and his highly modified Indian Scout motorcycle. Munro set numerous land speed records for motorcycles with engines less than 1000 cc at the Bonneville Salt Flats in Utah in the late 1950s and into the 1960s.\nThe film stars Anthony Hopkins and was written and directed by Roger Donaldson. The film opened in December 2005 to positive reviews and quickly became the highest grossing local film at the New Zealand box-office taking in $7,043,000; and taking in over US$18,297,690 worldwide.
/m/0nc7s	Stepney is a district of the London Borough of Tower Hamlets in London's East End that grew out of a medieval village around St Dunstan's church and the 15th century ribbon development of Mile End Road. The area built up rapidly in the 19th century, mainly to accommodate immigrant workers and displaced London poor, and developed a reputation for poverty, overcrowding, violence and political dissent. It was severely damaged during the Blitz, with over a third of housing totally destroyed; and then, in the 1960s, slum clearance and development replaced most residential streets with tower blocks and modern housing estates. Some Georgian architecture and Victorian era terraced housing survive in patches: for example Arbour Square, the eastern side of Stepney Green, and the streets around Matlock Street.\nThe area has not yet experienced the levels of gentrification seen in nearby Bow, Wapping and Limehouse but some redevelopment has taken place. The former Arbour Square Police Station and the East End Mission building are also being redeveloped.\nStepney is roughly bounded by Commercial Road, part of the A13, in the south, Mile End Road, part of the A11, in the north and the Regent's Canal in the east. The Western Boundary with Whitechapel is rather ambiguous. It is administered by the London Borough of Tower Hamlets.
/m/01b_5g	Gastroesophageal reflux disease, gastro-oesophageal reflux disease, gastric reflux disease, or acid reflux disease is a chronic symptom of mucosal damage caused by stomach acid coming up from the stomach into the esophagus.\nGERD is usually caused by changes in the barrier between the stomach and the esophagus, including abnormal relaxation of the lower esophageal sphincter, which normally holds the top of the stomach closed, impaired expulsion of gastric reflux from the esophagus, or a hiatal hernia. These changes may be permanent or temporary.\nTreatment is typically via lifestyle changes and medications such as proton pump inhibitors, H2 receptor blockers or antacids with or without alginic acid. Surgery may be an option in those who do not improve. In the Western world between 10 and 20% of the population is affected.
/m/03cvv4	Blair Erwin Underwood is an American television, film, and stage actor and director. He played headstrong attorney Jonathan Rollins on the NBC legal drama L.A. Law for seven years. He has received two Golden Globe Award nominations, three NAACP Image Awards and one Grammy Award. In recent years, he has appeared on The New Adventures of Old Christine, Dirty Sexy Money and In Treatment and was in NBC's The Event.
/m/0bzn6_	The 57th Academy Awards were presented March 25, 1985 at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion, Los Angeles. The ceremonies were presided over by Jack Lemmon.\nThis ceremony is best-remembered for perhaps the most quoted and famous Academy Award acceptance speech ever. Upon winning the Academy Award for Best Actress for her performance in Places in the Heart, Sally Field exclaimed, \"The first time I didn't feel it, but this time I feel it, and I can't deny the fact that you like me, right now, you like me!\"\nThe winner of Best Supporting Actor was also significant. Haing S. Ngor, a Cambodian surgeon who survived the horrors of the Khmer Rouge, won the award for his performance as Dith Pran in Roland Joffé's The Killing Fields, despite having no previous acting experience. Ngor and Harold Russell are the only two non-professional actors to win Academy Awards for acting.\n77 year-old Peggy Ashcroft won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her performance in A Passage to India, making her the oldest winner in that category.\nAs of 2014, Amadeus is the last film to receive two lead actor nominations.
/m/04fzfj	Godzilla is a 1998 American science fiction monster film directed and co-written by Roland Emmerich. It was a reimagining of the popular Japanese film monster of the same name. The screenplay was written by Emmerich and Dean Devlin. The plot of the film revolves around a giant reptilian monster, mutated by nuclear tests in the French Polynesia, who migrates to New York City to nest its young. The cast features Matthew Broderick, Maria Pitillo, Hank Azaria, Kevin Dunn and Jean Reno.\nThe film was a co-production between Centropolis Entertainment and TriStar Pictures, with TriStar distributing theatrically, and Sony Pictures Entertainment for home media. On May 19, 1998, the Original Motion Picture Soundtrack was released Epic Records. It features songs written by several recording artists including The Wallflowers, Rage Against the Machine, Silverchair, and Foo Fighters. The film score was composed and orchestrated by David Arnold.\nGodzilla premiered in theaters nationwide in the United States on May 20, 1998 grossing $136,314,294 in domestic ticket receipts. It earned an additional $242,700,000 through international release to top out at a combined $379,014,294 in gross revenue. The film was met with a negative reception from critics and fans alike. The negative reception highlighted by critics included the film's thin plot, acting, and directing while fans targeted the film's drastic reinvention of the titular character, which included its radical redesign and departure from the source material. Because of this, the film was nominated for and won multiple Raspberry Awards, including Worst Remake or Sequel, but received recognition in the field of computer-generated imagery by winning the Saturn Award for Best Special Effects. Planned sequels were abandoned, despite a well-received animated series airing September 12, 1998 on the Fox Kids network.
/m/03xn3s2	Marcia Karen Wallace was an American actress, game show panelist, voice artist, and comedian, primarily known for her roles in television situation comedies. She is perhaps best known for her roles as receptionist Carol Kester on the 1970s sitcom The Bob Newhart Show, and as the voice of elementary school teacher Edna Krabappel on the animated series The Simpsons, for which she won an Emmy in 1992.\nWallace was known for her tall frame, red hair, and distinctive laugh. She had a career spanning six decades in TV, in film, and on stage. A frequent guest on The Merv Griffin Show, she was personally recruited for the soon-to-appear network sitcom The Bob Newhart Show, in a role created especially for her. Diagnosed with breast cancer in 1985, she became a cancer activist. She was active until her death, with her long-term role as Edna Krabappel retired upon her death.
/m/09k5jh7	The 15th Critics' Choice Awards were presented on January 15, 2010, at the Hollywood Palladium to honour the finest achievements in 2009 film-making, on January 15, 2010 on VH1. Kristin Chenoweth hosted the event.
/m/0342h	A guitar is a popular musical instrument that makes sound by the playing of its six strings with the sound being projected either acoustically or through electrical amplification. It is typically played by strumming or plucking the strings with the right hand while fretting the strings with the left hand. The guitar is a type of chordophone, traditionally constructed from wood and strung with either nylon or steel strings and distinguished from other chordophones by its construction and tuning. The modern guitar was preceded by the lute, the vihuela, the four-course Renaissance guitar, and the five-course baroque guitar, all of which contributed to the development of the modern six-string instrument.\nThere are three main types of modern acoustic guitar: the classical guitar, the steel-string acoustic guitar, and the archtop guitar. The tone of an acoustic guitar is produced by the vibration of the strings, which is amplified by the body of the guitar, which acts as a resonating chamber. The classical guitar is often played as a solo instrument using a comprehensive fingerpicking technique.
/m/0dn44	Terence Graham Parry \"Terry\" Jones is a Welsh comedian, screenwriter, actor, film director and author. He is best known as a member of the Monty Python comedy team.
/m/087lqx	Pre-Code Hollywood refers to the era in the American film industry between the introduction of sound in the late 1920s and the enforcement of the Motion Picture Production Code censorship guidelines. Although the Code was adopted in 1930, oversight was poor and it did not become rigorously enforced until July 1, 1934. Before that date, movie content was restricted more by local laws, negotiations between the Studio Relations Committee and the major studios, and popular opinion, than strict adherence to the Hays Code, which was often ignored by Hollywood filmmakers.\nAs a result, films in the late 1920s and early 1930s included sexual innuendo, miscegenation, profanity, illegal drug use, promiscuity, prostitution, infidelity, abortion, intense violence, and homosexuality. Strong women dominated films such as Female, Baby Face, and Red-Headed Woman. Gangsters in films like The Public Enemy, Little Caesar, and Scarface were seen by many as heroic rather than evil. Along with featuring stronger female characters, films examined female subject matters that would not be revisited until decades later in American films. Nefarious characters were seen to profit from their deeds, in some cases without significant repercussions, and drug use was a topic of several films. Many of Hollywood's biggest stars such as Clark Gable, Barbara Stanwyck, and Edward G. Robinson got their start in the era. Other stars who excelled during this period, however, like Ruth Chatterton and Warren William, would wind up essentially forgotten by the general public within a generation.
/m/02p4450	Electric folk is the name given to the form of folk rock pioneered in England from the late 1960s, and most significant in the 1970s, which then was taken up and developed in the surrounding Celtic cultures of Brittany, Ireland, Scotland, Wales and the Isle of Man, to produce Celtic rock and its derivatives. It has also been influential in those parts of the world with close cultural connections to Britain and gave rise to the genre of folk punk. By the 1980s the genre was in steep decline in popularity, but has survived and revived in significance, partly merging with the rock music and folk music cultures from which it originated. Although in Britain the term folk rock is often used synonymously with electric folk, commentators have returned to this term as a means of distinguishing this as a clear and distinct category within the wider folk rock genre.
/m/0h1cdwq	Alvin and the Chipmunks: Chipwrecked is a 2011 American adventure comedy film directed by Mike Mitchell. The film stars Jason Lee, David Cross and Jenny Slate with the voices of Justin Long, Matthew Gray Gubler, Jesse McCartney, Amy Poehler, Anna Faris and Christina Applegate.\nIt was distributed by Twentieth Century Fox and produced by Fox 2000 Pictures, Regency Enterprises and Bagdasarian Company. The film is a sequel to the 2007 film Alvin and the Chipmunks and its 2009 sequel Alvin and the Chipmunks: The Squeakquel, and it was released on December 16, 2011.
/m/041h0	John Ronald Reuel Tolkien, CBE was an English writer, poet, philologist, and university professor, best known as the author of the classic high fantasy works The Hobbit, The Lord of the Rings, and The Silmarillion.\nHe served as the Rawlinson and Bosworth Professor of Anglo-Saxon at Pembroke College, Oxford, from 1925 to 1945 and Merton Professor of English Language and Literature at Merton College, Oxford from 1945 to 1959. He was at one time a close friend of C. S. Lewis—they were both members of the informal literary discussion group known as the Inklings. Tolkien was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire by Queen Elizabeth II on 28 March 1972.\nAfter his father's death, Tolkien's son Christopher published a series of works based on his father's extensive notes and unpublished manuscripts, including The Silmarillion. These, together with The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings form a connected body of tales, poems, fictional histories, invented languages, and literary essays about a fantasy world called Arda, and Middle-earth within it. Between 1951 and 1955, Tolkien applied the term legendarium to the larger part of these writings. While many other authors had published works of fantasy before Tolkien, the great success of The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings led directly to a popular resurgence of the genre. This has caused Tolkien to be popularly identified as the \"father\" of modern fantasy literature—or, more precisely, of high fantasy.
/m/05zy3sc	The Blind Side is a 2009 American semi-biographical sports drama film. It was written and directed by John Lee Hancock, and based on the 2006 book The Blind Side: Evolution of a Game by Michael Lewis. The storyline features Michael Oher, an offensive lineman who plays for the Baltimore Ravens of the NFL. The film follows Oher from his impoverished upbringing, through his years at Wingate Christian School, his adoption by Sean and Leigh Anne Tuohy, to his position as one of the most highly coveted prospects in college football, then finally becoming a first-round pick in the NFL by the Baltimore Ravens.\nSandra Bullock stars as Leigh Anne Tuohy, alongside Quinton Aaron as Michael Oher, Tim McGraw as Sean Tuohy, and Kathy Bates as Miss Sue. The movie also features appearances by several current and former NCAA coaches, including SEC coaches Houston Nutt and Ed Orgeron and Nick Saban, former coaches Lou Holtz, Tommy Tuberville, Phillip Fulmer, as well as recruiting analyst Tom Lemming.
/m/02mg7n	Chelsea College of Arts is a constituent college of the University of the Arts London based in London, UK, and is a leading British art and design institution with an international reputation. It offers further and higher education courses in fine art, graphic design, interior design, spatial design and textile design up to PhD level.
/m/0dng4	Daffy Duck is a fictional character from the 1959 film People Are Bunny.
/m/06l6nj	Charles William Brackett was an American novelist, screenwriter, and film producer.
/m/04ltf	Liverpool Football Club is an English Premier League football club based in Liverpool. Liverpool F.C. is one of the most successful clubs in England and has won more European trophies than any other English team with five European Cups, three UEFA Cups and three UEFA Super Cups. The club has also won eighteen League titles, seven FA Cups and a record eight League Cups.\nLiverpool was founded in 1892 and joined the Football League the following year. The club has played at Anfield since its formation. The most successful period in Liverpool's history was the 1970s and '80s when Bill Shankly and Bob Paisley led the club to eleven league titles and seven European trophies.\nThe club's supporters have been involved in two major tragedies. The first was the Heysel Stadium disaster in 1985 in which charging Liverpool fans caused a wall to collapse, killing 39 Juventus supporters and resulting in English clubs being banned from European competitions for five years. In the 1989 Hillsborough disaster, 96 Liverpool supporters lost their lives in a crush against perimeter fencing.\nLiverpool has long-standing rivalries with neighbours Everton and with Manchester United. The team changed from red shirts and white shorts to an all-red home strip in 1964. The club's anthem is \"You'll Never Walk Alone\".
/m/0gkjy	The African Union is a union consisting of 54 African states. The only all-African state that is not a member is Morocco. The AU was established on 26 May 2001 in Addis Ababa and launched on 9 July 2002 in South Africa to replace the Organisation of African Unity. The most important decisions of the AU are made by the Assembly of the African Union, a semi-annual meeting of the heads of state and government of its member states. The AU's secretariat, the African Union Commission, is based in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
/m/02yxwd	Raymond Andrew \"Ray\" Winstone is an English film and television actor. He is mostly known for his \"tough guy\" roles, beginning with his role as Carlin in the 1979 film Scum and Will Scarlet in the television series Robin of Sherwood. He has also become well known as a voice over actor, and has recently branched out into film production. He has appeared in films such as Cold Mountain, Nil By Mouth, King Arthur, The Proposition, The Departed, Beowulf, Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull, and Edge of Darkness. He is to star as Tubal-cain in Noah, with director Darren Aronofsky wanting an actor \"with the grit and size to be convincing as he goes head-to-head against Russell Crowe's Noah character\".
/m/067sqt	Jennifer Marie Morrison is an American actress, model and film producer. She is known for her role as Emma Swan in the ABC adventure fantasy television series Once Upon a Time, and Dr. Allison Cameron in House. She also portrayed Zoey Pierson in season six of How I Met Your Mother.
/m/0c5lg	A judge is an official person who presides over court proceedings, either alone or as a part of a panel of judges. The powers, functions, method of appointment, discipline, and training of judges vary widely across different jurisdictions. The judge is supposed to conduct the trial impartially and in an open court. The judge hears all the witnesses and any other evidence presented by the parties of the case, assesses the credibility and arguments of the parties, and then issues a ruling on the matter at hand based on his or her interpretation of the law and his or her own personal judgment. In some jurisdictions, the judge's powers may be shared with a jury. In inquisitorial systems of criminal investigation, a judge might also be an examining magistrate.
/m/0lphb	Birmingham is the largest city in Alabama. The city is the county seat of Jefferson County. The city's population was 212,237 according to the 2010 United States Census. The Birmingham-Hoover Metropolitan Statistical Area had a population of about 1,128,047 according to the 2010 Census, which is approximately one quarter of Alabama's population.\nBirmingham was founded in 1871, during the post-Civil War Reconstruction period, through the merger of three pre-existing farm towns, notably, former Elyton. It grew from there, annexing many more of its smaller neighbors, into an industrial and railroad transportation center with a focus on mining, the iron and steel industry, and railroading. Birmingham was named for Birmingham, United Kingdom, one of the UK's major industrial cities. Many, if not most, of the original settlers who founded Birmingham were of English ancestry. In one writer's view, the city was planned as a place where cheap, non-unionized, and African-American labor from rural Alabama could be employed in the city's steel mills and blast furnaces, giving it a competitive advantage over industrial cities in the Midwest and Northeast.\nFrom its founding through the end of the 1960s, Birmingham was a primary industrial center of the South. The pace of Birmingham's growth during the period from 1881 through 1920 earned its nicknames The Magic City and The Pittsburgh of the South. Much like Pittsburgh, Birmingham's major industries were iron and steel production, plus a major component of the railroading industry, where rails and railroad cars were both manufactured in Birmingham. In the field of railroading, the two primary hubs of railroading in the Deep South were nearby Atlanta and Birmingham, beginning in the 1860s and continuing through to the present day. The economy diversified during the later half of the twentieth century. Though the manufacturing industry maintains a strong presence in Birmingham, other businesses and industries such as banking, telecommunications, transportation, electrical power transmission, medical care, college education, and insurance have risen in stature. Mining in the Birmingham area is no longer a major industry with the exception of coal mining. Birmingham ranks as one of the most important business centers in the Southeastern United States and is also one of the largest banking centers in the United States. In addition, the Birmingham area serves as headquarters to one Fortune 500 company: Regions Financial, along with five other Fortune 1000 companies.
/m/0gdhhy	Mark Damon is an American film actor and producer. He rose to fame through acting roles in films like Roger Corman’s House of Usher, before moving to Italy and becoming a notable Western star and member of the 1960s Dolce Vita set of actors and actresses in Rome. After starring in over 50 films in the United States and Europe, he quit acting and reinvented himself as a film producer and pioneer of the foreign sales business in the 1970s, and became one of Hollywood’s most prolific producers.
/m/02zn1b	ABC Records was an American record label, founded in New York City in 1955 as ABC-Paramount Records. It originated as the main popular music label operated the Am-Par Record Corporation, the music subsidiary of the American Broadcasting Company. ABC-Paramount Records' first president was Samuel H. Clark. Am-Par also established the Impulse! jazz label in 1961 and subsequently acquired a number of other labels before the entire division was sold to MCA Records in 1979.
/m/02w0dc0	Albert Wolsky is an American costume designer. He has worked both on stage shows as well as for film, and has received two Academy Awards.
/m/0bbw2z6	The Tourist is a 2010 romantic comedy thriller co-written and directed by Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck, starring Angelina Jolie and Johnny Depp. It is based on the screenplay for Anthony Zimmer. GK Films financed and produced the film, with Sony Pictures Worldwide Acquisitions releasing it in most countries through Columbia Pictures. The $100 million-budgeted film went on to gross $278 million at the worldwide box office.\nDespite the negative reception from the critics, the film was nominated for three Golden Globes, with a debate arising over the question as to whether it was a comedy or a drama. Henckel von Donnersmarck repeatedly stated it was neither genre, calling it \"a travel romance with thriller elements\", but that if he had to choose between the two, he would choose comedy.
/m/0ft0s	Basra also written Basrah is the capital of Basra Governorate, located on the Shatt al-Arab river in southern Iraq between Kuwait and Iran. It had an estimated population of 952,441 as of 2007, and 2,009,767 as of 2012. Basra is also Iraq's main port, although it does not have deep water access, which is handled at the port of Umm Qasr.\nThe city is part of the historic location of Sumer, the home of Sinbad the Sailor, and a proposed location of the Garden of Eden. It played an important role in early Islamic history and was built in 636 CE or 14 AH. It is Iraq's second largest and most populous city after Baghdad. Basra is consistently one of the hottest cities on the planet, with summer temperatures regularly at least 45 degrees celsius.
/m/040p3y	The Iraqi national football team represents Iraq in international football since 1948 and It is governed by the Iraq Football Association. The Iraqi Football Association was founded in 1948 and has been a member of FIFA since 1950, the Asian Football Confederation since 1970, and the sub-confederation regional body West Asian Football Federation since 2000. Iraq also is part of the Union of Arab Football Associations and has been a member since 1974. The Iraqi team is commonly known as which literally meaning Lions of Mesopotamia.\nIraq is one of the most successful national teams in the Arab League, having a record won of a total of four Arab Nations Cup. On the Asian level Iraq is one of the powerhouses having won the AFC Asian Cup once, the Gold Medal of the Asian Games, Three Gulf Cups of Nations, and West Asia Championship.\nIraq have been awarded the AFC National Team of the Year award two times, being the only team from West Asia to win this award.
/m/047mtnd	Location: Earth, The Medusa Cascade, The Shadow Proclamation\nDate: 2009\nEnemies: The Daleks and Davros\n\nThe Earth has been moved, and it's a race against time as Donna and the Doctor try to find it before the Daleks destroy everything; they head for the Shadow Proclamation and the Medusa Cascade. Meanwhile on Earth a veritable bevy of ex-companions join together to contact the Doctor and take down the Daleks. Can Captain Jack, Sarah-Jane, Martha Jones and Rose find the Doctor in time...
/m/0gxtknx	Seven Psychopaths is a 2012 comedy and crime film written and directed by Martin McDonagh.
/m/0f502	John Joseph Travolta is an American actor, dancer, and singer. Travolta first became known in the 1970s, after appearing on the television series Welcome Back, Kotter and starring in the box office successes Saturday Night Fever and Grease. Travolta's acting career declined through the 1980s. His career enjoyed a resurgence in the 1990s with his role in Pulp Fiction, and he has since continued starring in more recent films such as Face/Off, Ladder 49, and Wild Hogs. Travolta was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor for Saturday Night Fever and Pulp Fiction. He won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor - Motion Picture Musical or Comedy for his performance in Get Shorty.
/m/01cl0d	A&M Records is an American record label owned by Universal Music Group that operates under the mantle of its Interscope Geffen A&M unit.
/m/077rj	Stephen Joshua Sondheim is an American composer and lyricist known for his immense contributions to musical theatre for over 50 years. He is the winner of an Academy Award, eight Tony Awards including the Special Tony Award for Lifetime Achievement in the Theatre, eight Grammy Awards, a Pulitzer Prize and the Laurence Olivier Award. Described by Frank Rich of the New York Times as \"now the greatest and perhaps best-known artist in the American musical theater\", his most famous works include A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum, Company, Follies, A Little Night Music, Sweeney Todd, Sunday in the Park with George and Into the Woods. He also wrote the lyrics for West Side Story and Gypsy.\nSondheim has written material for movies, including the 1981 Warren Beatty film Reds, for which he contributed the song \"Goodbye For Now\". He also wrote five songs for the 1990 movie Dick Tracy, including \"Sooner or Later\" which won the Academy Award for Best Song.\nHe was president of the Dramatists Guild from 1973 to 1981. In celebration of his 80th birthday, the former Henry Miller's Theatre was renamed the Stephen Sondheim Theatre on September 15, 2010, and the BBC Proms staged a concert in his honor. Cameron Mackintosh has described Sondheim as \"possibly the greatest lyricist ever.\"
/m/0btyl	Ava Lavinia Gardner was an American actress. She was signed to a contract by MGM Studios in 1941 and appeared mainly in small roles until she drew attention with her performance in The Killers. She became one of Hollywood's leading actresses and was considered one of the most beautiful women of her day. She was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress for her work in Mogambo.\nShe appeared in several high-profile films from the 1950s to 1970s, including The Hucksters, Show Boat, The Snows of Kilimanjaro, The Barefoot Contessa, Bhowani Junction, On the Beach, Seven Days in May, The Night of the Iguana, The Life and Times of Judge Roy Bean, Earthquake, and The Cassandra Crossing. Gardner continued to act regularly until 1986, four years before her death in London in 1990 at the age of 67.\nShe is listed 25th among the American Film Institute's Greatest Female Stars.
/m/0jm7n	The Cleveland Cavaliers are an American professional basketball team based in Cleveland, Ohio. They began playing in the National Basketball Association in 1970 as an expansion team. They play their home games at Quicken Loans Arena, which they share with the Arena Football League's Cleveland Gladiators and the American Hockey League's Lake Erie Monsters. They play in the Central Division of the Eastern Conference, the only remaining charter member of the division.\nThe Cavaliers have featured many NBA stars during its history, including draft picks turned All-Stars Austin Carr, Brad Daugherty, Zydrunas Ilgauskas, Mark Price, LeBron James, and Kyrie Irving. Past NBA greats such as Nate Thurmond, Walt \"Clyde\" Frazier, and Shaquille O'Neal also played in Cleveland.\nThe team has had moderate success in its history, winning three Central Division Championships, an Eastern Conference Championship in 2007, and 18 total playoff seasons. However, the team has also had a number of dubious distinctions, such as former owner Ted Stepien's tenure, which led the NBA to create a rule regulating the trading of draft picks, and a 26-game losing streak in 2010–11, which tied the record for the longest losing streak in major American professional sports.
/m/0290vf	Duke of Normandy was the title given to the rulers of the Duchy of Normandy in northern France, a fief created in AD 911 by King Charles III \"the Simple\" of France for Rollo, a Scandinavian nobleman and leader of \"Northmen\".\nIn 1066 the reigning duke, William II \"the Bastard\", conquered Brittany and then England, whereupon he became known as King William I \"the Conqueror\" of England. From then on, the duke of Normandy and the king of England were usually the same man, until the king of France seized Normandy from King John in 1204. John's son Henry III renounced the ducal claim in the Treaty of Paris. Thereafter, the duchy was given at least four times to members of the French royal family, until the French Revolution and the dissolution of the French monarchy in 1792.
/m/02q42j_	Eric Fellner, CBE is a film producer.
/m/025b5y	Katherine Marie Heigl is an American actress and film producer. She is possibly best known for her role as Dr. Isobel \"Izzie\" Stevens on ABC's medical drama Grey's Anatomy from 2005 to 2010, for which she won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series in 2007. She has also starred in films such as Under Siege 2: Dark Territory, Knocked Up, 27 Dresses, The Ugly Truth, Killers, Life As We Know It and New Year's Eve, among others.\nHeigl started her career as a child model with Wilhelmina Models before she turned her attention to acting. She made her debut in the coming-of-age film That Night. Heigl co-starred as Isabel Evans in the television series Roswell and movies including My Father the Hero before landing her break-out role in Grey's Anatomy. Heigl has established herself as a cover model appearing on numerous publications including Maxim, Vanity Fair and Cosmopolitan. Heigl is married to singer Josh Kelley, with whom she has two adopted daughters.
/m/012jc	Alcoholism is a broad term for problems with alcohol, and is generally used to mean compulsive and uncontrolled consumption of alcoholic beverages, usually to the detriment of the drinker's health, personal relationships, and social standing. It is medically considered a disease, specifically an addictive illness. In psychiatry several other terms are used, specifically \"alcohol abuse\" and \"alcohol dependence,\" which have slightly different definitions.\nIn 1979, an expert World Health Organization committee discouraged the use of \"alcoholism\" in medicine, preferring the category of \"alcohol dependence syndrome\". In the 19th and early 20th centuries, alcohol dependence in general was called dipsomania, but that term now has a much more specific meaning. People suffering from alcoholism are often called \"alcoholics\". Many other terms, some of them insulting or informal, have been used throughout history. The World Health Organization estimates that there are 140 million people with alcoholism worldwide.\nThe American Medical Association supports a dual classification of alcoholism to include both physical and mental components. The biological mechanisms that cause alcoholism are not well understood. Social environment, stress, mental health, family history, age, ethnic group, and gender all influence the risk for the condition. Significant alcohol intake produces changes in the brain's structure and chemistry, though some alterations occur with minimal use of alcohol over a short term period, such as tolerance and physical dependence. These changes maintain the person with alcoholism's compulsive inability to stop drinking and result in alcohol withdrawal syndrome if the person stops. Alcohol misuse has the potential to damage almost every organ in the body, including the brain. The cumulative toxic effects of chronic alcohol abuse can cause both medical and psychiatric problems.
/m/01qrbf	Martine Kimberley Sherri Ponting, usually known as Martine McCutcheon, is an English singer, television personality, actress and occasional radio presenter. McCutcheon had minor success as one third of the pop group Milan in the early 1990s, but it was her role as Tiffany Mitchell in the BBC's EastEnders that made her a household name in the UK. McCutcheon left the series at the end of 1998 to embark on a pop career, this time as a solo artist.\nShe had international success, reaching No. 1 in five countries with her debut single Perfect Moment. She released three albums to varying degrees of success, but her pop career stalled due to the poor reception of her third album in 2002. She has since appeared in various television programmes, in films such as Love Actually as 'Natalie', and on stage in My Fair Lady, where her portrayal of Eliza Doolittle won her a Laurence Olivier Award in 2002. She released her autobiography, Who Does She Think She Is? in 2000.
/m/049rd	A knight is a person granted an honorary title of knighthood by a Monarch or other political leader for service to the Monarch or country, especially in a military capacity. Historically, in Europe, knighthood has been conferred upon mounted warriors. During the High Middle Ages, knighthood was considered a class of lower nobility. By the Late Middle Ages, the rank had become associated with the ideals of chivalry, a code of conduct for the perfect courtly Christian warrior. Since the Early Modern period, the title of knight is purely honorific, usually bestowed by a monarch, as in the British honours system, often for non-military service to the country. Often, a knight was a vassal who served as a fighter for a lord, with payment in the form of land holdings. The lords trusted the knights, who were skilled in battle on horseback.\nHistorically, the ideals of chivalry were popularized in medieval literature, especially the Matter of Britain and Matter of France, the former based on Geoffrey of Monmouth's Historia Regum Britanniae, written in the 1130s. Sir Thomas Malory's Le Morte d'Arthur, written in 1485, was important in defining the ideal of chivalry which is essential to the modern concept of the knight as an elite warrior sworn to uphold the values of faith, loyalty, courage, and honour. During the Renaissance, the genre of chivalric romance became popular in literature, growing ever more idealistic and eventually giving rise to a new form of realism in literature popularised by Miguel de Cervantes' Don Quixote. This novel explored the ideals of knighthood and their incongruity with the reality of Cervantes' world. In the late medieval period, new methods of warfare began to render classical knights in armour obsolete, but the titles remained in many nations.
/m/0dqmt0	Avinoam \"Avi\" Lerner is a film producer, primarily of American action movies.
/m/09d_r	A mountain is a large landform that stretches above the surrounding land in a limited area, usually in the form of a peak. A mountain is generally steeper than a hill. Mountains are formed through tectonic forces or volcanism. These forces can locally raise the surface of the earth by over 10,000 feet. Mountains erode slowly through the action of rivers, weather conditions, and glaciers. A few mountains are isolated summits, but most occur in huge mountain ranges.\nHigh elevations on mountains produce colder climates than at sea level. These colder climates strongly affect the ecosystem of mountains: different elevations have different plants and animals. Because of the less hospitable terrain and climate, mountains tend to be used less for agriculture and more for resource extraction and recreation, such as mountain climbing.\nThe highest mountain on Earth is Mount Everest in the Himalayas of Asia, whose summit is 8,849.868 m above mean sea level. The highest known mountain on any planet in the Solar System is Olympus Mons on Mars at 21,171 m.
/m/07jjt	Track Cycling is a bicycle racing sport usually held on specially built banked tracks or velodromes using track bicycles.
/m/0h0yt	Stephen John Fry is an English comedian, actor, writer, presenter, and activist.\nAfter a troubled childhood and adolescence, during which he was expelled from two schools and spent three months in prison for credit card fraud, he secured a place at Queens' College, Cambridge, where he studied English literature. While at university, Fry became involved with the Cambridge Footlights, where he met his long-time collaborator Hugh Laurie. As half of the comic double act Fry and Laurie, he co-wrote and co-starred in A Bit of Fry & Laurie, and took the role of Jeeves in Jeeves and Wooster.\nFry's acting roles include a Golden Globe Award–nominated lead performance in the film Wilde, Melchett in the BBC television series Blackadder, the title character in the television series Kingdom, a recurring guest role as Dr. Gordon Wyatt on the crime series Bones, and as Gordon Deitrich in the dystopian thriller V for Vendetta. He has also written and presented several documentary series, including the Emmy Award–winning Stephen Fry: The Secret Life of the Manic Depressive, which saw him explore his mental illness. He is also the long-time host of the BBC television quiz show QI.
/m/07rj5	Tibet is a plateau region in Asia, north-east of the Himalayas, in the People's Republic of China. It is the traditional homeland of the Tibetan people as well as some other ethnic groups such as Monpas, Qiang, and Lhobas, and is now also inhabited by considerable numbers of Han and Hui people. Tibet is the highest region on earth, with an average elevation of 4,900 metres.\nTibet emerged in the 7th century as a unified empire, but it soon divided into a variety of territories. The bulk of western and central Tibet were often at least nominally unified under a series of Tibetan governments in Lhasa, Shigatse, or nearby locations; these governments were at various times under Mongol and Chinese overlordship. The eastern regions of Kham and Amdo often maintained a more decentralized indigenous political structure, being divided among a number of small principalities and tribal groups, while also often falling more directly under Chinese rule; most of this area was eventually incorporated into the Chinese provinces of Sichuan and Qinghai. The current borders of Tibet were generally established in the 18th century. Following the collapse of the Qing dynasty in 1912, Qing soldiers were disarmed and escorted out of Tibet Area. The region declared its independence in 1913. Later Lhasa took control of the western part of Xikang Province. The region maintained its autonomy until 1951 when, following the Invasion of Tibet, Tibet became unified into the People's Republic of China, and the previous Tibetan government was abolished in 1959 after a failed uprising. Today, the PRC governs western and central Tibet as the Tibet Autonomous Region while eastern areas are mostly within Sichuan and Qinghai provinces. There are tensions regarding Tibet's political status and dissident groups which are active in exile. Tibetans in Tibet have been arrested or tortured. The economy of Tibet is dominated by subsistence agriculture, though tourism has become a growing industry in Tibet in recent decades. The dominant religion in Tibet is Tibetan Buddhism, in addition there is Bön which was the indigenous religion of Tibet before the arrival of Buddhism in the 7th century CE though there are also Muslim and Christian minorities. Tibetan Buddhism is a primary influence on the art, music, and festivals of the region. Tibetan architecture reflects Chinese and Indian influences. Staple foods in Tibet are roasted barley, yak meat, and butter tea.
/m/03qjwc	Pye Records was a British record label. Its best known artists were Lonnie Donegan, Petula Clark, The Searchers, The Kinks, Sandie Shaw and Brotherhood of Man. The label changed its name in 1980, but was briefly reactivated in 2006.
/m/01lhdt	The Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich, commonly known as the University of Munich or LMU, is a university in Munich, Germany. It is publicly owned, also covers a research institute and is among Germany's oldest universities.\nOriginally established in Ingolstadt in 1472 by Duke Ludwig IX of Bavaria-Landshut, the university was moved in 1800 to Landshut by King Maximilian I of Bavaria when Ingolstadt was threatened by the French, before being relocated to its present-day location in Munich in 1826 by King Ludwig I of Bavaria. In 1802, the university was officially named Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität by King Maximilian I of Bavaria in his as well as the university's original founder's honour.\nThe University of Munich has, particularly since the 19th century, been considered as one of Germany's as well as one of Europe's most prestigious universities; with 34 Nobel laureates associated with the university, it ranks 13th worldwide by number of Nobel laureates. Among these were Wilhelm Röntgen, Max Planck, Werner Heisenberg, Otto Hahn and Thomas Mann. Pope Benedict XVI was also a student and professor at the university. The LMU has recently been conferred the title of \"elite university\" under the German Universities Excellence Initiative.
/m/07yp0f	Vera Ann Farmiga is an American actress and film director. Farmiga made her feature film debut in the 1998 drama thriller Return to Paradise. This was followed by supporting roles in the 2000 romantic film Autumn in New York and the 2001 television series UC: Undercover. She was also cast in the 2001 thriller 15 Minutes. Her other film appearances and roles include the 2003 comedy Dummy, the 2004 drama Down to the Bone, the 2006 crime thriller The Departed, the 2007 horror Joshua, and the 2008 historical drama The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. She made her directorial debut in the 2011 drama film Higher Ground.\nFarmiga gained critical acclaim following her work in the 2009 comedy-drama Up in the Air, for which she was nominated for an Academy Award, a BAFTA Award, a Golden Globe Award, and a Screen Actors Guild Award. She also starred as Kate Coleman in the 2009 horror film Orphan, Capt. Colleen Goodwin in the 2011 thriller/action movie Source Code, and famous paranormal investigator Lorraine Warren in the 2013 horror film The Conjuring. As of 2013, she stars as Norma Louise Bates in the A&E TV series, Bates Motel, for which she was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series.
/m/040whs	The Democratic People's Republic of Korea national football team represents the Democratic People's Republic of Korea in international association football and is controlled by the DPR Korea Football Association, the governing body for football in North Korea.\nNorth Korea surprised with a good showing at their World Cup debut, reaching the quarter-finals in 1966, beating Italy in the group stage. Controversy arose during the 2006 World Cup Qualifiers, when the team's supporters caused problems because of the team's failure to qualify. In 2009, the team qualified for the 2010 FIFA World Cup, the second World Cup appearance in their history. North Korea has qualified for the AFC Asian Cup four times; in 1980, when they finished fourth, in 1992, 2011 and in 2015 . The current team is composed of both native North Koreans and Chongryon-affiliated Koreans born in Japan.
/m/01713c	Javier Ángel Encinas Bardem is a Spanish actor. In 2007, he won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role as psychopathic assassin Anton Chigurh in No Country for Old Men. He has also garnered critical acclaim for roles in films such as Jamón, jamón, Carne trémula, Boca a boca, Los Lunes al sol and Mar adentro. He portrayed the main antagonist Raoul Silva in the 2012 James Bond movie Skyfall, for which he received both a BAFTA and a SAG nomination for Best Supporting Actor.\nBardem has also won a Golden Globe, a Screen Actors Guild Award, a BAFTA, five Goya Awards, two European Film Awards, a Prize for Best Actor at Cannes and two Coppa Volpis at Venice for his work. He is the first Spaniard to be nominated for an Oscar, as well as the first Spanish actor to win an Academy Award. He received his third Academy Award nomination, and second Best Actor nomination, for the film Biutiful.
/m/011hdn	Alice Cooper is an American shock rock singer, songwriter, and musician whose career spans five decades. With a stage show that features guillotines, electric chairs, fake blood, boa constrictors, and baby dolls, he is considered by fans and peers alike to be \"The Godfather of Shock Rock\"; Cooper has drawn equally from horror movies, vaudeville, and garage rock to pioneer a grandly theatrical and macabre brand of rock designed to shock.\nOriginating in Phoenix in the late 1960s after Furnier moved from Detroit, Alice Cooper was originally a band consisting of Furnier on vocals and harmonica, lead guitarist Glen Buxton, Michael Bruce on rhythm guitar, Dennis Dunaway on bass guitar, and drummer Neal Smith. The original Alice Cooper band broke into the international music mainstream with the 1971 hit \"I'm Eighteen\" from the album Love It to Death, which was followed by the even bigger single \"School's Out\" in 1972. The band reached their commercial peak with the 1973 album Billion Dollar Babies.\nFurnier adopted the band's name as his own name in the 1970s and began a solo career with the 1975 concept album Welcome to My Nightmare. In 2011 he released Welcome 2 My Nightmare, his 19th album as a solo artist, and his 26th album in total. Expanding from his Detroit rock roots, in his career Cooper has experimented with a number of musical styles, including conceptual rock, art rock, hard rock, heavy metal, New Wave, pop rock, experimental rock and industrial rock.
/m/019pwv	Missouri State University is a public university located in Springfield, Missouri, United States and founded in 1905. It is the state's second largest university, with an official enrollment of 21,059 in the Fall 2012 semester. In 2011 students represented 50 states, the District of Columbia, the Virgin Islands, and 83 countries. The Springfield campus is one of two degree granting institutions within the Missouri State University System, the other being a two-year campus in West Plains, Missouri. A bachelor of science in business from MSU is offered at the Missouri State University Branch Campus Dalian in the People's Republic of China. In addition to its main campus, MSU maintains a fruit research station in Mountain Grove and the Department of Defense and Strategic Studies program housed in Fairfax, Virginia. The school is classified by the Carnegie foundation as one of six master's colleges and universities in Missouri. The school was ranked 53rd of the Midwestern regional universities by the 2012 U.S. News and World Report. In this category, MSU is the second highest ranked public school in Missouri and fifth overall for undergraduates.
/m/016k6x	Sir Ben Kingsley, CBE is an English actor. In a career spanning over 40 years, he has won an Oscar, Grammy, BAFTA, two Golden Globes and Screen Actors Guild awards. He is known for his starring role as Mohandas Gandhi in the 1982 film Gandhi, for which he won the Academy Award for Best Actor. He is also known for his performances in the films Schindler's List, Sexy Beast, Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time, Hugo, and Iron Man 3. In 2013 he received the British Academy of Film and Television Arts Los Angeles 'Albert R. Broccoli Britannia Award for Worldwide Contribution to Filmed Entertainment.'\nKingsley was named a Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 2000, and was made a Knight Bachelor by Queen Elizabeth II in 2002. In 2010, Kingsley was awarded a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
/m/0fk1z	Hispanic is an ethnonym that denotes a relationship to Spain or, in some definitions, to ancient Roman Hispania, which roughly comprised the Iberian Peninsula including the contemporary states of Andorra, Portugal, and Spain and the Crown Colony or British Overseas Territories of Gibraltar. Today, organizations in the United States use the term as a broad catchall to refer to persons with a historical and cultural relationship either with Spain and Portugal or only with Spain, regardless of race. The U.S. Census Bureau defines the ethnonym Hispanic or Latino to refer to \"a person of Cuban, Mexican, Puerto Rican, South or Central American, or other Spanish culture or origin regardless of race.\", and states that Hispanics or Latinos can be of any race, any ancestry, any ethnicity. Generically, this limits the definition of Hispanic or Latino to people from the Caribbean, Central and South America, or other Spanish culture or origin, regardless of race, distinctly excluding all persons of Portuguese origin.\nDue to the technical distinctions involved in defining \"race\" vs. \"ethnicity,\" there is confusion among the general population about the designation of Hispanic identity. Currently, the United States Census Bureau defines five race categories:
/m/015njf	Henry Kenneth Alfred \"Ken\" Russell was an English film director, known for his pioneering work in television and film and for his flamboyant and controversial style. He attracted criticism for being obsessed with sexuality and the church. His films often dealt with the lives of famous composers or were based on other works of art which he adapted loosely. Russell began directing for the BBC, where he made creative adaptations of composers' lives which were unusual for the time. He also directed many feature films independently and for studios.\nHe is best known for his Oscar-winning film Women in Love, The Devils, The Who's Tommy, and the science fiction film Altered States. Classical musicians and conductors held him in high regard for his story-driven biopics of various composers, most famously Elgar, Delius, Liszt, Mahler and Tchaikovsky.\nFilm critic Mark Kermode speaking in 2006, and attempting to sum up the director's achievement, called Russell, \"somebody who proved that British cinema didn't have to be about kitchen-sink realism—it could be every bit as flamboyant as Fellini. Later in his life he turned to making experimental films such as Lion's Mouth and Revenge of the Elephant Man, and they are as edgy and 'out there' as ever\".
/m/09h4b5	Vanessa Anne Hudgens is an American actress and singer. Hudgens rose to prominence playing Gabriella Montez in the High School Musical series. Hudgens has also appeared in various films and television series for the Disney Channel. She had her feature film debut in the 2003 film Thirteen, a teenage drama in which Hudgens had a supporting role. She had mainstream success following the release of the High School Musical trilogy, and her relationship with co-star Zac Efron was heavily publicized. Her appearance in the series helped make her a household name. Songs from the films also charted worldwide, with the song \"Breaking Free\" peaking inside the Top 10 of the Billboard Hot 100. This led to Hudgens releasing her debut album, V, on September 26, 2006 which entered the Billboard 200 at number 24, and was later certified Gold. Her second album, Identified, was released on July 1, 2008 in the United States.\nSince the release of her albums and the High School Musical franchise, Hudgens has focused on her acting career. In 2009, she earned critical acclaim for her role in the film Bandslam. She has also appeared in the film Journey 2: The Mysterious Island alongside Dwayne Johnson and Josh Hutcherson. She later appeared in the film Spring Breakers, alongside Selena Gomez. Hudgens also appeared in the film Machete Kills, directed by Robert Rodriguez.
/m/06tp4h	Ashley Michelle Tisdale is an American actress, recording artist and producer. During her childhood she appeared in more than 100 TV advertisements and had roles in Broadway productions and television shows. In 2004, she was cast as Maddie Fitzpatrick in Disney Channel's The Suite Life of Zack & Cody, and she rose to prominence in 2006 as Sharpay Evans in the television film High School Musical. The High School Musical series became a successful franchise that included three films, a spin-off and numerous soundtrack albums. Tisdale's resultant popularity led her to sign a solo record deal with Warner Bros. Records in 2006. Her debut album Headstrong was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America and includes her most successful single \"He Said She Said\". Two years later, Tisdale began to cultivate an adult image and mainstream pop sound and released her second studio album Guilty Pleasure.\nTisdale has a main voice role in the Disney Channel's three-time Emmy Award-winning animated series Phineas & Ferb as Candace Flynn. The cartoon quickly became television's most-watched animated series among kids and tweens and received very positive reviews. Her other notable roles include Savannah Monroe in The CW's television drama series Hellcats and Jody Sanders in Scary Movie 5. Tisdale worked as the executive producer on films and television series including the ABC Family television film Picture This and the Bravo's 2012 unscripted series Miss Advised.
/m/01qrb2	Indiana University Bloomington is a public research university located in Bloomington, Indiana, United States. With over 40,000 students, IU Bloomington is the flagship institution of the Indiana University system and its largest university. Indiana has been labeled one of the \"Public Ivies\", a publicly funded university considered comparable to the quality of education at an Ivy League institution.\nIt is a member of the Association of American Universities and has numerous schools and programs the comprise part of IU, including the Jacobs School of Music, the IU School of Informatics and Computing, the Kelley School of Business, the School of Public Health, the School of Nursing, the School of Public and Environmental Affairs, the Maurer School of Law, the IU School of Library and Information Science, and the IU School of Education.\nWith a spring 2013 enrollment of more than 42,081 students, IU Bloomington is the largest university campus in the state. While 55.2% of the student body was from Indiana, students from 49 of the 50 states, Washington D.C., and 165 foreign nations were also enrolled. The university is home to an extensive student life program, with about 17 percent of undergraduates joining the Greek system. Indiana athletic teams compete in Division I of the NCAA and are known as the Indiana Hoosiers. The university is a member of the Big Ten Conference.
/m/01wzlxj	Michael Eugene Archer, better known by his stage name D'Angelo, is an American R&B and neo soul singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist and record producer. He is known for his production and songwriting talents as much as for his vocal abilities, and often draws comparisons to his influences, Marvin Gaye, and Prince. D'Angelo was one of the most influential artists during the rise of the neo soul movement.
/m/03z20c	Little Nicky is a 2000 American comedy film directed by Steven Brill. It stars Adam Sandler as Nicky.
/m/0gzlb9	Battlefield Earth is a 2000 American dystopian science fiction action film based upon the first half of L. Ron Hubbard's novel of the same name. Directed by Roger Christian and starring John Travolta, Barry Pepper and Forest Whitaker, the film depicts an Earth that has been under the rule of the alien Psychlos for 1,000 years and tells the story of the rebellion that develops when the Psychlos attempt to use the surviving humans as gold miners.\nTravolta, a long-time Scientologist, had sought for many years to make a film of the novel by Hubbard, the founder of Scientology. He was unable to obtain funding from any major studio due to concerns about the film's script, prospects, and connections with Scientology, leaving the film in development hell. The project was eventually taken on in 1998 by an independent production company, Franchise Pictures, which specialized in rescuing stars' stalled pet projects. Travolta signed on as a co-producer and contributed millions of dollars of his own money to the production, which was largely funded by a German film distribution company. Franchise Pictures was later sued by its investors and was bankrupted in 2004 after it emerged that it had fraudulently overstated the film's budget by $31 million.
/m/01_td3	A learned society is an organization that exists to promote an academic discipline or profession, or a group of related disciplines or professions. Membership may be open to all, may require possession of some qualification, or may be an honor conferred by election. This is the case with the oldest learned societies, such as the Polish Sodalitas Litterarum Vistulana, the Italian Accademia dei Lincei, the Académie Française, the German Academy of Sciences Leopoldina or the Royal Society of London.\nMost learned societies are non-profit organizations. Their activities typically include holding regular conferences for the presentation and discussion of new research results and publishing or sponsoring academic journals in their discipline. Some also act as professional bodies, regulating the activities of their members in the public interest or the collective interest of the membership.\nLearned societies are of key importance in the sociology of science, and their formation assists in the emergence and development of new disciplines or professions.\nSocieties can be very general in nature, such as the American Association for the Advancement of Science, specific to a given discipline, such as the Modern Language Association, or specific to a given area of study, such as the Royal Entomological Society.
/m/01vksx	Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl is a 2003 American fantasy adventure film based on the Pirates of the Caribbean ride at Disney theme parks. It was directed by Gore Verbinski and produced by Jerry Bruckheimer. The story follows blacksmith Will Turner and pirate Captain Jack Sparrow as they rescue the kidnapped Elizabeth Swann from the cursed crew of the Black Pearl, captained by Hector Barbossa.\nJay Wolpert developed a script based on the theme park ride in 2001, and Stuart Beattie rewrote it in early 2002. Around that time, producer Jerry Bruckheimer became involved in the project; he had Ted Elliott and Terry Rossio work on the script, adding the supernatural curse to the storyline. Filming took place from October 2002 to March 2003 in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines and on sets constructed around Los Angeles, California.\nThe world premiere was held at Disneyland Resort in Anaheim, California, on June 28, 2003. The film became the first in a series, with two back-to-back sequels, Dead Man's Chest and At World's End, released in 2006 and 2007. A fourth film, On Stranger Tides, was released in 2011 and a fifth film, Dead Men Tell No Tales, is set for a possible release in 2016.
/m/0g10g	Judy Garland was an American actress, singer and vaudevillian. Described by Fred Astaire as \"the greatest entertainer who ever lived\" and renowned for her unique voice, she attained international stardom throughout a career which spanned more than 40 years, as an actress in musical and dramatic roles, as a recording artist and on the concert stage. Respected for her versatility, she received a Juvenile Academy Award and won a Golden Globe Award as well as Grammy Awards and a Special Tony Award.\nShe was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress for her role in the remake of A Star Is Born and for Best Supporting Actress for her performance in the 1961 film Judgment at Nuremberg. She remains the youngest recipient of the Cecil B. DeMille Award for lifetime achievement in the motion picture industry.\nAfter appearing in vaudeville with her two older sisters, Garland was signed to Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer as a teenager. There, she made more than two dozen films, including nine with Mickey Rooney, and the 1939 film with which she would be most identified, The Wizard of Oz. After 15 years, she was released from the studio but gained renewed success through record-breaking concert appearances, including a return to acting, beginning with critically acclaimed performances.
/m/0jm74	The Chicago Bulls are a professional basketball team based in Chicago, Illinois, playing in the Central Division of the Eastern Conference in the National Basketball Association. The team was founded on January 26, 1966. The Bulls play their home games at the United Center, also known as the \"Madhouse on Madison.\" The Bulls saw their greatest success during the 1990s. They are known for having one of the NBA's greatest dynasties, winning six NBA championships between 1991 and 1998 with two three-peats. All six championship teams were led by Hall of Famers Michael Jordan, Scottie Pippen and coach Phil Jackson. The Bulls are the only NBA franchise to win multiple championships and never lose an NBA Finals in their history.\nThe Bulls won an NBA record-72 games during the 1995–96 NBA season and are the only team in NBA history to win 70 games or more in a single season. Many experts and analysts consider the 1996 Bulls to be one of the greatest teams in NBA history. As of 2013, the Bulls were estimated to be the third most valuable NBA franchise according to Forbes, with an estimated value of $1 billion, earning an estimated $52.2 million in operating income in 2013. Michael Jordan and Derrick Rose have both won the NBA Most Valuable Player Award while playing for the Bulls, for a total of six MVP awards.
/m/087c7	Xerox Corporation Ltd. is an American multinational document management corporation that produces and sells a range of color and black-and-white printers, multifunction systems, photocopiers, digital production printing presses, and related consulting services and supplies. Xerox is headquartered in Norwalk, Connecticut, though its largest population of employees is based around Rochester, New York, the area in which the company was founded. On September 28, 2009, Xerox announced the intended acquisition of Affiliated Computer Services for $6.4 billion. The deal closed on February 8, 2010.\nResearchers at Xerox and its Palo Alto Research Center invented several important elements of personal computing, such as the desktop metaphor GUI, the computer mouse and desktop computing. These features were frowned upon by the then board of directors, who ordered the Xerox engineers to share them with Apple technicians. The features were taken on by Apple and, later, Microsoft. Partly thanks to these features, these two firms would then go on to duopolize the personal computing world.\nXerox holds a Royal Warrant from Queen Elizabeth II and the Prince of Wales.
/m/02kc4sf	Oleic acid is a fatty acid that occurs naturally in various animal and vegetable fats and oils. It is an odorless, colourless oil, although commercial samples may be yellowish. In chemical terms, oleic acid is classified as a monounsaturated omega-9 fatty acid, abbreviated with a lipid number of 18:1 cis-9. It has the formula CH3(CH2)7CH=CH(CH2)7COOH. The term \"oleic\" means related to, or derived from, oil or olive, the oil that is predominantly composed of oleic acid.
/m/0gt_k	Phillip Harvey \"Phil\" Spector is an American record producer, songwriter, and the originator of the \"Wall of Sound\" production method. In later years, he gained infamy as the subject of a murder conviction.\nSpector was a pioneer of the 1960s girl-group sound, and produced more than twenty-five Top 40 hits from 1960 to 1965, at the height of his career, writing or co-writing many of them. Among his famous girl groups were the Ronettes and the Crystals. Spector later worked with artists including Ike and Tina Turner, John Lennon and the Ramones with similar acclaim. He produced the Beatles' album Let It Be, and the Grammy Award-winning Concert for Bangladesh by former Beatle George Harrison.\nFor his contributions to the music industry, Spector was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1989 as a nonperformer. In 1997, he was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame. In 2004, Rolling Stone magazine ranked him #63 on their list of the \"Greatest Artists of All Time\". The 1965 song \"You've Lost That Lovin' Feelin'\", produced and co-written by Spector for the Righteous Brothers, is listed by BMI as the song with the most U.S. airplay in the 20th century.
/m/01d34b	Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School of Music & Art and Performing Arts is a high school specializing in teaching visual arts and performing arts, located near Lincoln Center and the Juilliard School in the Lincoln Center district of Manhattan, on Amsterdam Avenue. The school is operated by the New York City Department of Education.\nAlthough it also offers academic diplomas, the school prepares public high school students for professional careers and/or conservatory study in dance, drama, the visual arts, vocal, instrumental music, and technical theatre.\nInformally known as LaGuardia Arts, or LaGuardia High School, Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School of Music & Art and Performing Arts is the only school among the nine specialized high schools in New York City that receives special funding from the New York State legislature through the Hecht Calandra Act.\nThe school has 2,519 students and 163 staff members, with a teacher-student ratio of 1:15.
/m/05q78ky	Tecmo Koei Holdings Co., Ltd., is a holding company created in 2009 by the merger of Japanese video game developers and publishers Koei and Tecmo.\nKoei Europe changed its name to Tecmo Koei Europe, Ltd and now releases video games under the new moniker. In January 2010, Tecmo, Inc. and Koei Corporation merged into Tecmo Koei America Corporation. Tecmo has been declared disbanded in Japan, effective as of April 1, 2010. Koei Canada, Inc. has since changed its name to Tecmo Koei Canada, Inc.\nThe continued operating loss prompted Kenji Matsubara, the former president and CEO of both Tecmo Koei Holdings and Tecmo Koei Games label to tendered his resignation in November 2010. Yoichi Erikawa - Co-founder of Koei - will take over the four positions vacated by Kenji Matsubara.
/m/01jzyf	The Man Who Wasn't There is a 2001 British-American neo-noir film written, directed, produced and edited by Joel and Ethan Coen. Billy Bob Thornton stars in the title role. Also featured are James Gandolfini, Tony Shalhoub, Scarlett Johansson, Adam Alexi-Malle and Coen regulars Frances McDormand, Richard Jenkins, Michael Badalucco, and Jon Polito.
/m/03q4hl	MegaMan NT Warrior, known in Japan as Rockman.EXE, is an anime and manga series based on Capcom's Mega Man Battle Network video game series, part of the Mega Man franchise. The manga series was written by Ryo Takamisaki and ran in Shogakukan's CoroCoro Comic between 2001 and 2006. The anime series, produced by Xebec, ran for five seasons on TV Tokyo in Japan between March 2002 and September 2006. Viz Media produced English-language versions of the manga and licensed the first two seasons of the anime. Despite the common ground, the stories of the game, anime, and manga versions of the Battle Network series all diverge heavily from each other.
/m/088vb	Zambia, officially the Republic of Zambia, is a landlocked country in Southern Africa. The neighbouring countries are the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the north, Tanzania to the north-east, Malawi to the east, Mozambique, Zimbabwe, Botswana and Namibia to the south, and Angola to the west. The capital city is Lusaka, located in the south-central part of the country. The population is concentrated mainly around Lusaka in the south and the Copperbelt Province to the northwest.\nOriginally inhabited by Khoisan peoples, the region which comprises modern Zambia was colonised during the Bantu expansion of the thirteenth century. After visits by European explorers in the eighteenth century, Zambia became the British protectorate of Northern Rhodesia towards the end of the nineteenth century. For most of the colonial period, the country was governed by an administration appointed from London with the advice of the British South Africa Company.\nOn 24 October 1964, the country became independent of the United Kingdom and then-prime minister Kenneth Kaunda became the inaugural president. Kaunda's socialist United National Independence Party maintained power from the 1964 until 1991. From 1972 to 1991 Zambia was a single-party state with the UNIP as the sole-legal political party, with the goal of uniting the nation under the banner of 'One Zambia, One Nation'. Kaunda was succeeded by Frederick Chiluba of the social-democratic Movement for Multi-Party Democracy in 1991, during which the country saw a rise in social-economic growth and increased decentralisation of government. Chiluba selected Levy Mwanawasa as his successor; Mwanawasa presided over the country from January 2002 until his death in August 2008, and is credited with initiating a campaign to reduce corruption and increase the standard of living. After Mwanawasa's death, Rupiah Banda presided as Acting President before being elected president in 2008. He is the shortest serving president, having held office for only three years. Patriotic Front party leader, Michael Chilufya Sata defeated Banda in the 2011 elections.
/m/074qgb	Steve Moore is a film director.
/m/01tj34	Candice Patricia Bergen is an American actress and former fashion model. She is perhaps most widely known for her starring role on the television situation comedy Murphy Brown, for which she won five Emmy Awards and two Golden Globe Awards as Best Actress in a TV Comedy. She is also well known for her role on the legal comedy-drama Boston Legal as Shirley Schmidt. She was nominated twice for an Emmy and once for a Golden Globe and Screen Actors Guild Award respectively for that role. She has starred in major films including The Sand Pebbles, Carnal Knowledge, The Wind and the Lion, and Gandhi, and received an Oscar nomination for her role in Starting Over.
/m/035bcl	Meet Joe Black is a 1998 American fantasy romance film produced by Universal Studios, directed by Martin Brest and starring Brad Pitt, Anthony Hopkins and Claire Forlani, loosely based on the 1934 film Death Takes a Holiday. It was the second pairing of Hopkins and Pitt after their 1994 film Legends of the Fall.
/m/03mgx6z	Taken is a 2008 English-language French action thriller film which stars Liam Neeson. Neeson plays a former Central Intelligence Agency operative who sets about tracking down his daughter after she is kidnapped by human traffickers for sexual slavery while traveling in France. Numerous media outlets have cited the film as a turning point in Neeson's career that redefined and transformed Neeson to an action film star.
/m/05w88j	Charles Stanley Dutton is an American stage, film, and television actor and director, best known for his roles as \"Fortune\" in the film Rudy, \"Dillon\" in Alien 3, and the title role in the television sitcom Roc.
/m/016k62	Itzhak Perlman is an Israeli-American violinist, conductor, and pedagogue.
/m/0f0p0	Ray Milland was a Welsh actor and director. His screen career ran from 1929 to 1985, and he is best remembered for his Academy Award–winning portrayal of an alcoholic writer in The Lost Weekend, a sophisticated leading man opposite a corrupt John Wayne in Reap the Wild Wind, the murder-plotting husband in Dial M for Murder, and as Oliver Barrett III in Love Story.\nBefore becoming an actor Milland served in the Household Cavalry of the British Army, becoming a proficient marksman, horse-rider and plane pilot. He left the army to follow a career in acting and appeared as an extra in several British productions before getting his first major role in The Flying Scotsman. This led to a nine month contract with MGM and he moved to the United States where he appeared as a stock actor. After being released by MGM he was picked up by Paramount, who used Milland in a range of lesser speaking parts, normally as an English character. He was loaned out to Universal in 1936 for a film called Three Smart Girls, and its success saw Milland given a lead role in The Jungle Princess alongside new starlet Dorothy Lamour. The movie was a big success and catapulted both to stardom. Milland remained with Paramount for almost 20 years and as well as his Oscar winning role in The Lost Weekend he is remembered for the films The Big Clock, The Major and the Minor and The Thief, the last of which saw him nominated for a Golden Globe. After leaving Paramount he began directing and ended his career moving into television.
/m/0gh65c5	Cloud Atlas is a 2012 German drama and science fiction film written, produced and directed by The Wachowskis and Tom Tykwer. Adapted from the 2004 novel by David Mitchell, the film features multiple plotlines set across six different eras. The official synopsis for Cloud Atlas describes the film as: \"An exploration of how the actions of individual lives impact one another in the past, present and future, as one soul is shaped from a killer into a hero, and an act of kindness ripples across centuries to inspire a revolution.\"\nDuring four years of development, the project met difficulties securing financial support; it was eventually produced with a $102 million budget provided by independent sources, making Cloud Atlas one of the most expensive independent films of all time. Production began in September 2011 at Studio Babelsberg in Potsdam-Babelsberg, Germany.\nCloud Atlas premiered on 9 September 2012 at the 37th Toronto International Film Festival and was released on 26 October 2012 in conventional and IMAX cinemas. It polarized critics, and has subsequently been included on various Best Film and Worst Film lists. The film was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Original Score for Tykwer, Johnny Klimek and Reinhold Heil. It also received several nominations of the Saturn Awards including Best Science Fiction Film, winning for Best Editing and Best Make-up.
/m/01pdgp	St. Olaf College is a coeducational, residential, four-year, private liberal arts college in Northfield, Minnesota, United States. It was founded in 1874 by a group of Norwegian-American immigrant pastors and farmers, led by Pastor Bernt Julius Muus. The college is named after the King and the Patron Saint Olaf II of Norway.
/m/078jnn	Rashida Leah Jones is an American film and television actress, comic book author, screenwriter, and occasional singer. Jones is widely known for her role as Ann Perkins on NBC's comedy Parks and Recreation. She also played Louisa Fenn on Fox TV's Boston Public and was a recurring cast member who portrayed Karen Filippelli on The Office. She has had numerous film roles, including in Our Idiot Brother, The Social Network, The Muppets, and I Love You, Man. She co-wrote the screenplay for Celeste and Jesse Forever, in which she starred.
/m/01jzyx	St. John's University is a private, Roman Catholic, coeducational university located in New York City, United States. Founded by the Congregation of the Mission in 1870, the school was originally located in the borough of Brooklyn in the neighborhood of Bedford–Stuyvesant. Beginning in the 1950s, the school was relocated to its current location in the borough of Queens. St. John's also has campuses in Staten Island, Manhattan, and Rome, Italy, as well as a graduate center in Oakdale, New York. A campus in Paris, France opened in the Spring of 2009. The school is named after Saint John the Baptist.\nSt. John's is organized into five undergraduate schools and six graduate schools. As of 2011, the university has a total of 15,720 undergraduate students and 5,634 graduate students. In 2011, St. John's was ranked as a Tier One university by U.S. World News' college rankings.
/m/0bs8hvm	Germany in Autumn is a 1978 West German omnibus film about the German Autumn. The film is composed of contributions from different filmmakers, including Rainer Werner Fassbinder, Edgar Reitz and Volker Schlöndorff. It was entered into the 28th Berlin International Film Festival, where it won a Special Recognition award.
/m/02qfhb	Jason\nFrancesco Schwartzman (born June 26, 1980) is an American actor and\nmusician. Starring roles have included in Rushmore, I ♥ Huckabees and\nThe Darjeeling Limited, the latter of which he also had screenwriting\ncredits. Schwartzman was also a member of the rock band Phantom Planet.\nSchwartzman was born in Los Angeles, California, the son of actress\nTalia Shire (née Coppola) and the late producer Jack Schwartzman. Many\nother members of Schwartzman's family are involved in film; he is the\nnephew of Francis Ford Coppola, cousin of Nicolas Cage, Sofia Coppola,\nRoman Coppola and Christopher Coppola, and grandson of Italia Coppola\n(née Pennino) and Carmine Coppola. His brother is actor/musician Robert\nCarmine (vocalist for the band Rooney), and his half-brother is\ncinematographer John Schwartzman. Schwartzman is of Italian descent on\nhis mother's side and Jew descent on his father's.
/m/01lvrm	The University of Groningen, located in the city of Groningen, was founded in 1614. It is one of the oldest universities in the Netherlands as well as one of its largest. Since its inception more than 200,000 students have graduated. It is a member of the distinguished international Coimbra Group of European universities.\nIn April 2013, according to the results of the International Student Barometer, the University of Groningen, for the third time in a row, has been voted the best University of the Netherlands. In 2014 the university celebrates its 400th anniversary and has planned various activities in and around the city of Groningen. For one month, from May 15 till June 15, Groningen is immersed in a festive program RUG400 around the theme \"For Infinity\".\nThe University of Groningen has nine faculties, nine graduate schools, 27 research centres and institutes, and more than 175 degree programmes.
/m/0t_07	Concord is a town in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, in the United States. As of the 2010 census, the town population was 17,668. The United States Census Bureau considers Concord part of Greater Boston.\nConcord is notable for playing a significant role in American history and literature.
/m/0ftxc	Springfield is the third and current capital of the US state of Illinois and the county seat of Sangamon County with a population of 116,250, making it the sixth most populated city in the state and the second most populated Illinois city outside of the Chicago Metropolitan Area. It is the largest city in central Illinois. Just over 208,000 residents live in the Springfield Metropolitan Statistical Area, which includes Sangamon County and adjacent Menard County. Present-day Springfield was first settled by European Americans in the late 1810s, around the time Illinois became a state. The most famous past resident is Abraham Lincoln, who lived in Springfield from 1837 until 1861, when he went to the White House as President. Major tourist attractions include a multitude of historic sites connected with Lincoln.\nThe city lies on a mostly flat plain that encompasses much of the surrounding countryside. Hilly terrain lies near the Sangamon River. Lake Springfield, a large artificial lake owned by City Water, Light & Power company called CWLP, supplies the city with recreation and drinking water. Weather is fairly typical for middle latitude locations, with hot summers and cold winters. Spring and summer weather is like that of most midwestern cities; severe thunderstorms are common. Tornadoes hit Springfield in 1957 and 2006.
/m/05xd_v	Michael George Murphy is an American film, television and stage actor. He often plays unethical or morally ambiguous characters in positions of authority, including politicians, executives and lawyers. He is also known for his frequent collaborations with director Robert Altman, having appeared in twelve films, TV series and miniseries directed by Altman from 1963 to 2004, including the title role in the miniseries Tanner '88.
/m/0mm1q	Guy Stuart Ritchie is an English screenwriter, film director and producer, best known for directing Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, Snatch, Swept Away, Revolver, RocknRolla, Sherlock Holmes and Sherlock Holmes: A Game of Shadows.
/m/014nzp	Nottingham Forest Football Club is an English football club based in West Bridgford, Nottinghamshire that currently plays in the Football League Championship. The club is often referred to simply as Forest and have been based at the City Ground since 1898.\nFounded in 1865, Forest were founder members of the Football Alliance in 1889 and joined the Football League in 1892. Forest won the FA Cup in 1898 and 1959, but their most successful period came under the management of Brian Clough, between 1975 and 1993, during which time they won their only league title, two consecutive European Cups, four League Cups and two Full Members Cups. Since then the club have fallen on harder times and have been outside the top-flight since 1999.
/m/02ryz24	Tropic Thunder is a 2008 American action satire comedy film written, produced and directed by Ben Stiller.
/m/047cx	King Crimson are a progressive rock band. Formed in London in 1968, they're widely recognised as a foundational progressive rock group despite the band's own resistance to the label. The band has incorporated diverse influences and instrumentation during its history.\nThe band's line-up has persistently altered throughout their existence, with eighteen musicians and three lyricists passing through the ranks. The only musician to appear in every line-up of the band has been founding guitarist Robert Fripp, although others' tenures have sometimes extended for decades. Due to the number of musicians involved in King Crimson over the years the band is at the hub of a network of other bands and projects, and has been influential to many contemporary musical artists. The band has a large following, despite garnering little radio or music video airplay.\nThe debut line-up of the band was influential but short-lived, lasting for just over one year. During 1970 and 1971, King Crimson were an unstable band, with many personnel changes and disjunctions between studio and live sound as they explored elements of jazz, funk and classical chamber music. By 1972 the band had a more stable line-up and developed an improvisational sound mingling hard rock, contemporary classical music, free jazz and jazz fusion before breaking up in 1974. They re-formed with a new line-up in 1981 for three years before breaking up again for around a decade. Since reforming for the second time, King Crimson have blended aspects of their 1980s and 1970s sound with influences from more recent musical genres such as industrial rock, grunge and loop music. The band's efforts to blend additional elements into their music have continued into the 21st century, with more recent developments including drum and bass-styled rhythm loops and extensive use of MIDI and guitar synthesis.
/m/0217g	Chemotherapy is the treatment of cancer with one or more cytotoxic anti-neoplastic drugs as part of a standardized regimen. Chemotherapy may be given with a curative intent or it may aim to prolong life or to palliate symptoms. It is often used in conjunction with other cancer treatments, such as radiation therapy, surgery, and/or hyperthermia therapy. Certain chemotherapeutic agents also have a role in the treatment of other conditions, including ankylosing spondylitis, multiple sclerosis, Crohn's disease, psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis, systemic lupus erythematosus, rheumatoid arthritis, and scleroderma.\nTraditional chemotherapeutic agents act by killing cells that divide rapidly, one of the main properties of most cancer cells. This means that chemotherapy also harms cells that divide rapidly under normal circumstances: cells in the bone marrow, digestive tract, and hair follicles. This results in the most common side-effects of chemotherapy: myelosuppression, mucositis, and alopecia.\nSome newer anticancer drugs are not indiscriminately cytotoxic, but rather target proteins that are abnormally expressed in cancer cells and that are essential for their growth. Such treatments are often referred to as targeted therapy and are often used alongside traditional chemotherapeutic agents in antineoplastic treatment regimens.
/m/033g4d	Lethal Weapon 4 is a 1998 American buddy cop Action Comedy film directed by Richard Donner, and starring Mel Gibson, Danny Glover, Joe Pesci, Rene Russo, Chris Rock and Jet Li. It is the fourth and final installment in the Lethal Weapon series.
/m/03mg5f	PFC Levski Sofia, simply known as Levski, is a Bulgarian association football club based in Sofia, which currently competes in A Football Group, the top division of the Bulgarian football league system. The club was founded on May 24, 1914 by a group of young students, and is named after Vasil Levski, a Bulgarian revolutionary renowned as the national hero of Bulgaria.\nSince its establishment, Levski Sofia has won 73 major domestic trophies: 26 A Group titles, 25 Bulgarian Cups, 3 SuperCups, 11 Sofia Championships, 3 Cups of the Soviet Army, 1 National Cup, 4 Ulpia Serdika Cups, and has achieved a record 13 doubles and 2 trebles. The club has a positive balance against all other Bulgarian teams in all national competitions and its a member of the European Club Association. The Blues are also the team with most seasons played in the Bulgarian football championship and has never been relegated.\nInternationally, Levski has reached three European Cup Winners' Cup quarter-finals and two UEFA Cup quarter-finals. In 2006, it became the first and so far the only Bulgarian club to make it to the group stages of the UEFA Champions League.\nThe team's regular kit colour is all-blue. Levski's home ground is the Georgi Asparuhov Stadium in Sofia, which has a capacity of 18000 spectators. To date, the club's biggest rivals are CSKA Sofia, and matches between the two capital sides are commonly referred to as The Eternal Derby of Bulgaria.
/m/042fk	James Buchanan, Jr. was the 15th President of the United States, serving immediately prior to the American Civil War. He is, to date, the only president from Pennsylvania and the only president to remain a lifelong bachelor.\nHe represented Pennsylvania in the United States House of Representatives and later the Senate and served as Minister to Russia under President Andrew Jackson. He was also Secretary of State under President James K. Polk. After he turned down an offer for an appointment to the Supreme Court, President Franklin Pierce appointed him minister to the Court of St. James's, in which capacity he helped draft the Ostend Manifesto.\nBuchanan was nominated by the Democratic Party in the 1856 Presidential election. Throughout most of Pierce's term, he was stationed in London as a minister to the Court of St. James's and therefore was not caught up in the crossfire of sectional politics that dominated the country. His subsequent election victory took place in a three-man race with John C. Frémont and Millard Fillmore. As President, he was often called a \"doughface\", a Northerner with Southern sympathies, who battled with Stephen A. Douglas for the control of the Democratic Party. Buchanan's efforts to maintain peace between the North and the South alienated both sides, and the Southern states declared their secession in the prologue to the American Civil War. Buchanan's view of record was that secession was illegal, but that going to war to stop it was also illegal. Buchanan, an attorney, was noted for his mantra, \"I acknowledge no master but the law.\"
/m/059j4x	Manny Coto is a TV producer.
/m/02m3sd	Brandon Cole \"Bam\" Margera is an American professional skateboarder, television and radio personality, actor and daredevil. He came to prominence after appearing in MTV's Jackass crew. He has since appeared in MTV's Viva La Bam and Bam's Unholy Union, all three Jackass movies, and Haggard and Minghags, both of which he co-wrote and directed.
/m/0138kk	Dewsbury is a minster town in the Metropolitan Borough of Kirklees, in West Yorkshire, England. It is to the west of Wakefield, east of Huddersfield and south of Leeds. It lies by the River Calder and an arm of the Calder and Hebble Navigation.\nHistorically a part of the West Riding of Yorkshire, after undergoing a period of major growth in the 19th century as a mill town, Dewsbury went through a period of decline. More recently there has been redevelopment of derelict mills into flats, and regenerating of city areas.\nAccording to the 2001 census the Dewsbury urban sub-area had a population of 54,341. Dewsbury is the largest town in the Heavy Woollen District, a conurbation of small mill towns.
/m/0vjr	Ally McBeal is an American legal comedy-drama television series, originally aired on Fox from September 8, 1997 to May 20, 2002. Created by David E. Kelley, the series stars Calista Flockhart in the title role as a young lawyer working in the fictional Boston law firm Cage and Fish, with other young lawyers whose lives and loves were eccentric, humorous and dramatic. The series placed #48 on Entertainment Weekly's 2007 \"New TV Classics\" list.
/m/0rd6b	Greenwich is an affluent town in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States. As of the 2010 census, the town had a total population of 61,171. As of a census done by the Census Bureau on July 1, 2012, the town had a population of 62,256. It is home to many hedge funds and other financial service companies. Greenwich is the southernmost and westernmost municipality in Connecticut and is 38+ minutes by train from Grand Central Terminal in Manhattan. In July 2005, CNN/Money and Money magazine ranked Greenwich 1st on its list of the 100 Best Places to Live in the United States. Money magazine in 2006 also ranked Greenwich #1 in the \"Biggest Earner\" category. The town is named after Greenwich, a borough of London in the United Kingdom.
/m/0d9xq	Ella Jane Fitzgerald was an American jazz vocalist with a vocal range spanning three octaves. Often referred to as the \"First Lady of Song\" and the \"Queen of Jazz,\" she was noted for her purity of tone, impeccable diction, phrasing and intonation, and a \"horn-like\" improvisational ability, particularly in her scat singing.\nFitzgerald was a notable interpreter of the Great American Songbook. Over the course of her 59-year recording career, she sold 40 million copies of her 70-plus albums, won 13 Grammy Awards and was awarded the National Medal of Arts by Ronald Reagan and the Presidential Medal of Freedom by George H. W. Bush.
/m/01b39j	The Target Corporation is an American retailing company, founded in 1902 and headquartered in Minneapolis, Minnesota. It is the second-largest discount retailer in the United States, Walmart being the largest. The company is ranked 36th on the Fortune 500 as of 2013 and is a component of the Standard & Poor's 500 index. Its bullseye trademark is licensed to Wesfarmers, owners of the separate Target Australia chain which is unrelated to Target Corporation.\nThe first Target store was opened in 1962 in Roseville, Minnesota. Target grew and eventually became the largest division of Dayton Hudson Corporation, culminating in the company being renamed as Target Corporation in August 2000. In early 2013, Target expanded into Canada and now operates over 100 locations through its Canadian subsidiary. In December 2013, a data breach of Target's systems affected up to 110 million customers.
/m/0184tc	Labyrinth is a 1986 British-American fantasy film directed by Jim Henson, produced by George Lucas and based upon conceptual designs by Brian Froud. The film stars David Bowie as Jareth and Jennifer Connelly as Sarah. The plot revolves around Sarah's quest to reach the center of an enormous otherworldly maze to rescue her infant brother Toby, who has been kidnapped by Jareth, the Goblin King. With the exception of Bowie and Connelly, most of the significant characters in the film are played by puppets produced by Jim Henson's Creature Shop.\nLabyrinth started as a collaboration between Jim Henson and Brian Froud, with ideas for the film first being discussed between them following a screening of their previous collaboration, The Dark Crystal. Terry Jones from Monty Python wrote the first draft of the film's script early in 1984, drawing on Brian Froud's sketches for inspiration. Various other script-writers, including Laura Phillips, George Lucas, Dennis Lee, and Elaine May, subsequently re-wrote and made additions to the screenplay, although Jones received the film's sole screen-writing credit. Labyrinth was shot on location in Upper Nyack, Piermont and Haverstraw in New York, and at Elstree Studios and West Wycombe Park in the United Kingdom.
/m/04g4w9	Club Deportivo Tiburones Rojos de Veracruz, commonly known as Tiburones Rojos de Veracruz, is a Mexican professional football club. Veracruz was founded in 1943, and plays in the Liga MX of Mexico. Their nickname \"Tiburones Rojos\" means red sharks.
/m/0d8_wz	Al-Arabi Sports Club, also known as Al-Arabi Al-Qatari, is a Qatari professional sports club fielding teams in a number of sports, most notably football which currently competes in the Qatar Stars League. The club is based in Doha, Qatar. They play their home games in the Grand Hamad Stadium. Al-Arabi is known by its different nicknames: \"Dream Team\", \"The Red Devils\", \"Emperor of Qatari football\", and \"Century Club\". They are known for having one of the largest fan bases in Qatar next to rivals Al Rayyan. In terms of championships won, they are the second most successful club on a local level after Al Sadd.
/m/0356lc	The Confederation of African Football is the administrative and controlling body for African association football.\nCAF represents the national football associations of Africa, runs continental, national, and club competitions, and controls the prize money, regulations and media rights to those competitions.\nCAF is one of the biggest of six continental confederations of FIFA. Although it is just three years younger than the UEFA, CAF still has a long way to go in order to improve the quality of the national and local competitions. CAF has been given 5 slots out of the 32 available since the 1998 FIFA World Cup in France, this increased to 6 in 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa, to include the hosts. The number of places returned to 5 for the 2014 FIFA World Cup.\nCAF was founded on 8 February 1957 in Khartoum, Sudan by the Egyptian, Ethiopian, South African and Sudanese FAs, following former discussions between the Egyptian, Somali, South African and Sudanese FAs earlier in 7 June 1956 in Avenida Hotel in Lisbon, Portugal. Its first headquarters was situated in Khartoum, Sudan for some months until a fire outbreak in the offices of the Sudanese Football Association when the organization moved near Cairo. Youssef Mohammad was the first General Secretary and Abdel Aziz Abdallah Salem the president. The administrative center since 2002 is located in 6th of October City, near Cairo. It was initially made up of 4 national associations. Currently there are 56 associations, 54 full members beside Zanzibar and Réunion Island as associates..
/m/02qzjj	Michael Benjamin Bay is an American film director and producer. He is known for directing high-budget action films characterized by their fast edits, stylistic visuals and substantial practical special effects. His films, which include Armageddon, Pearl Harbor and the Transformers film series, have grossed over three billion dollars world-wide. He is co-founder of commercial production house The Institute, a.k.a. The Institute for the Development of Enhanced Perceptual Awareness. He is co-chair and part-owner of the digital effects house Digital Domain. He co-owns Platinum Dunes, a production house which has remade horror movies including The Texas Chainsaw Massacre, The Amityville Horror, The Hitcher, Friday the 13th and A Nightmare on Elm Street.\nDespite his considerable success at the international box office, Bay has been heavily criticized for his work by both critics and movie-goers alike.
/m/01slcv	Dundee Football Club, founded in 1893, are a football club based in the city of Dundee, Scotland. They are nicknamed The Dark Blues or The Dees and play their home matches at Dens Park. Their shirt colour is dark blue. Dundee currently play in the Scottish Championship. They were promoted from the Scottish First Division following the 2011–12 season having spent the previous seven seasons attempting to gain promotion back to the top tier of Scottish football, however they were relegated back to the first division after just one season.\nThe city of Dundee supports two senior professional football teams, Dundee FC and Dundee United. Their grounds are within a few yards of each other and are the two closest professional football grounds in Great Britain.
/m/01738f	Funk metal is a subgenre of funk rock and alternative metal that fuses elements of heavy metal and funk.
/m/027b9k6	The London Film Critics Circle Award for Actress of the Year in an annual award given by the London Film Critics Circle.
/m/0cv_2	The Associated Press is an American multinational nonprofit news agency headquartered in New York City. The AP is owned by its contributing newspapers, radio and television stations in the United States, all of which contribute stories to the AP and use material written by its staff journalists. The AP staff is represented by the Newspaper Guild union, which operates under the Communication Workers union, which operates under the AFL-CIO.\nAs of 2005, the news collected by the AP is published and republished by more than 1,700 newspapers, in addition to more than 5,000 television and radio broadcasters. The photograph library of the AP consists of over 10 million images. The Associated Press operates 243 news bureaus and it serves at least 120 countries, with an international staff located worldwide. Associated Press also operates The Associated Press Radio Network, which provides newscasts twice hourly for broadcast and satellite radio and television stations. The AP Radio also offers news and public affairs features, feeds of news sound bites and long form coverage of major events. Many newspapers and broadcasters outside the United States are AP subscribers, paying a fee to use AP material without being contributing members of the cooperative. That places AP in a position to strongly influence public opinion.
/m/02d02	The Detroit Tigers are a Major League Baseball team located in Detroit, Michigan. One of the American League's eight charter franchises, the club was founded in Detroit in 1894 as part of the Western League. They are the oldest continuous one-name, one-city franchise in the American League. The Tigers have won four World Series championships, 11 American League Pennants, and three American League Central Division championships. The Tigers also won Division titles in 1972, 1984 and 1987 while members of the American League East. The team currently plays its home games at Comerica Park in Downtown Detroit.\nThe Tigers constructed Bennett Park at the corner of Michigan Avenue and Trumbull Avenue and began playing there in 1896. In 1912, the team moved into Navin Field, which was built on the same location. It was expanded in 1938 and renamed Briggs Stadium. It was renamed Tiger Stadium in 1961 and the Tigers played there until moving to Comerica Park in 2000.
/m/0l2xl	Santa Clara County, officially the County of Santa Clara, is a county located at the southern end of the San Francisco Bay Area in the U.S. state of California. As of 2010 it had a population of 1,781,642. The county seat is San Jose. The highly urbanized Santa Clara Valley within Santa Clara County is also known as Silicon Valley. Santa Clara is the most populous county in the Bay Area region, and one of the most affluent counties in the United States.
/m/01f9wm	Virgin Group Ltd. is a British multinational branded venture capital conglomerate founded by entrepreneur Richard Branson. Its core business areas are travel, entertainment and lifestyle, and it also manages ventures in financial services, transport, health care, food and drink, and telecommunications; together, Virgin's businesses consist of more than 400 companies worldwide.\nVirgin Group's date of incorporation is listed as 1989 by Companies House, who class it as a holding company; however Virgin's business and trading activities date to the 1970s. The net worth of Virgin Group as of September 2008 was £5.01 billion.
/m/043qqt5	The Smurfs is an American-Belgian animated fantasy-comedy television series that aired on NBC from September 12, 1981, to December 2, 1989. Made by Hanna-Barbera, it is based on the Belgian comic series by the same name, created by Belgian cartoonist Peyo and aired for 256 episodes with a total of 418 stories, excluding three cliffhanger episodes and six specials.
/m/05ywg	Prague is the capital and largest city of the Czech Republic. Situated in the north-west of the country on the Vltava river, the city is home to about 1.3 million people, while its metropolitan area is estimated to have a population of over 2.3 million. The city has a temperate oceanic climate with warm summers and chilly winters.
/m/09h_q	Igor Fyodorovich Stravinsky was a Russian, and later French and American, composer, pianist and conductor. He is widely considered one of the most important and influential composers of the 20th century.\nStravinsky's compositional career was notable for its stylistic diversity. He first achieved international fame with three ballets commissioned by the impresario Sergei Diaghilev and first performed in Paris by Diaghilev's Ballets Russes: The Firebird, Petrushka and The Rite of Spring. The last of these transformed the way in which subsequent composers thought about rhythmic structure and was largely responsible for Stravinsky's enduring reputation as a musical revolutionary who pushed the boundaries of musical design. His \"Russian phase\" was followed in the 1920s by a period in which he turned to neoclassical music. The works from this period tended to make use of traditional musical forms. They often paid tribute to the music of earlier masters, such as J.S. Bach and Tchaikovsky. In the 1950s, Stravinsky adopted serial procedures. His compositions of this period shared traits with examples of his earlier output: rhythmic energy, the construction of extended melodic ideas out of a few two- or three-note cells and clarity of form, of instrumentation and of utterance.
/m/0r3tb	Palm Desert is a city in Riverside County, California, United States, in the Coachella Valley, approximately 14 miles east of Palm Springs and 122 miles east of Los Angeles. The population was 48,445 at the 2010 census, up from 41,155 at the 2000 census. The city was one of the state's fastest growing in the 1980s and 1990s, beginning with 11,801 residents in 1980, doubling to 23,650 in 1990, 35,000 in 1995, and nearly double its 1990 population by 2000.\nA major center of growth in the Palm Springs area, Palm Desert is a popular retreat for \"snowbirds\" from colder climates, who swell its population by an estimated 31,000 each winter. In the past couple of years Palm Desert has seen more residents become \"full-timers\", mainly from the coasts and urban centers of California, who have come for both affordable and high-valued home prices.
/m/0688f	Punjabi is an Indo-Aryan language spoken by 130 million native speakers worldwide, making it the 9th most widely spoken language in the world. It is the native language of the Punjabi people who inhabit the historical Punjab region of Pakistan and India. It is the only tonal language among the Indo-Aryan languages.\nPunjabi is the most widely spoken language in Pakistan and the 11th most widely spoken in India and the 3rd-most natively spoken language in Indian Subcontinent. Punjabi is the fourth most spoken language in England and Wales and third most spoken in Canada. The language also has a significant presence in the United Arab Emirates, United States of America, Saudi Arabia, and Australia. The influence of Punjabi as a cultural language in the Indian Subcontinent is increasing day by day due to Bollywood. Most Bollywood movies now have Punjabi vocabulary mixed in, along with a few songs fully sung in Punjabi. At any point in time, Punjabi songs in Bollywood movies now account for more than 50% of the top of the charts listings. This is to make the music more appealing for cross border viewers in neighboring Pakistan.
/m/026n4h6	I Know Who Killed Me is a 2007 American horror-thriller film directed by Chris Sivertson and starring Lindsay Lohan. It is the second movie in which Lohan plays twins, the first being 1998's The Parent Trap.\nThe film's story revolves around a student who was abducted and tortured by a sadistic serial killer. She manages to make it out alive but after she regains consciousness in the hospital she insists that her identity is that of another woman.\nThe film was released on July 27, 2007 to unfavorable reviews. It was nominated for nine Golden Raspberry Awards and \"won\" eight, setting a new record for most awards \"won\" in a single year until Jack and Jill won ten in 2012. Lohan tied with herself to win Worst Actress and also won Worst Screen Couple for both characters she portrayed.
/m/0dxmyh	David Clayton Henrie is an American actor, television writer, and producer. He is noted for playing Ted Mosby's future son Luke Mosby on How I Met Your Mother, Justin Russo in Wizards of Waverly Place and Larry on That's So Raven.
/m/07nf6	The Free State of Thuringia is a federal state of Germany, located in the central part of the country. It has an area of 16,171 square kilometres and 2.29 million inhabitants, making it the sixth smallest by area and the fifth smallest by population of Germany's sixteen states. Most of Thuringia is within the watershed of the Saale, a left tributary of the Elbe. Its capital is Erfurt.\nThuringia has been known by the nickname of \"the green heart of Germany\" from the late 19th century, due to the dense forest covering the land.\nThuringia is known in Germany for nature and winter sports. It is home to the Rennsteig, Germany's most famous hiking trail, and the winter resort of Oberhof. Germany has won more Winter Olympics gold medals than any other country in the last 20 years, and half of Germany's gold medals have been won by Thuringian athletes.\nJohann Sebastian Bach spent the first part of his life and important further stages of his career in Thuringia. In the classical period, Goethe and Schiller lived at Weimar. Both worked also in the famous University of Jena nearby, which now hosts the most important centre of science in Thuringia. Other Universities of this federal state are the TU Ilmenau, the University of Erfurt, and the Bauhaus University of Weimar.
/m/011lvx	Laura Phillips \"Laurie\" Anderson is an American experimental performance artist, composer and musician who plays violin and keyboards and sings in a variety of experimental music and art rock styles. Initially trained as a sculptor, Anderson did her first performance-art piece in the late 1960s. Throughout the 1970s, Anderson did a variety of different performance-art activities. She became widely known outside the art world in 1981 when her single \"O Superman\" reached number two on the UK pop charts. She also starred in and directed the 1986 concert film Home of the Brave.\nAnderson is a pioneer in electronic music and has invented several devices that she has used in her recordings and performance art shows. In 1977, she created a tape-bow violin that uses recorded magnetic tape on the bow instead of horsehair and a magnetic tape head in the bridge. In the late 1990s, she developed a talking stick, a six-foot-long baton-like MIDI controller that can access and replicate sounds.\nAnderson started dating Lou Reed in 1992, and was married to him from 2008 until his death on October 27, 2013.
/m/0d1xh	Brazoria County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas, located on the Gulf Coast within As of the 2010 census, the population of the county was 313,166. The county seat is Angleton.\nBrazoria County is included in the Houston–The Woodlands–Sugar Land metropolitan area.\nRegionally, parts of the county are within the extreme southernmost fringe of the regions locally known as Southeast Texas. Brazoria County is among a number of counties that are part of the region known as the Texas Coastal Bend. Its county seat is Angleton, and its largest city is Pearland. Brazoria County, like nearby Brazos County, takes its name from the Brazos River. The county also includes what was once Velasco, Texas, which was the first capital of the Republic of Texas. It served as the first settlement area for Anglo-Texas, when the Old Three Hundred immigrated from the United States in 1821.
/m/07s9tsr	Nitin Chandrakant Desai is a noted Indian art director and production designer of Indian cinema turned film and television producer, most known for his work in films like, Lagaan, Jodhaa Akbar, Devdas and Hum Dil De Chuke Sanam. During his career spanning twenty years, he has worked with directors like Ashutosh Gowarikar, Vidhu Vinod Chopra, Rajkumar Hirani and Sanjay Leela Bhansali. In 2002, he turned film producer with Chandrakant Productions’ Desh Devi, a devotional film on the Devi Mata of Kutch.\nHe has won National Film Award for Best Art Direction four times, and Filmfare Best Art Direction Award three times. In 2005, he opened his \"ND Studio\" s spread over 52 acres at Karjat, Navi Mumbai, near Mumbai, which has since hosted movies like Jodha Akbar, Traffic Signal as also Color's reality show Big Boss.
/m/0456xp	Sienna Rose Diana Miller is an English actress, model and fashion designer. She has played roles in Layer Cake, Alfie, Factory Girl, The Edge of Love, and G.I. Joe: The Rise of Cobra. In 2006, she designed a fashion capsule for Pepe Jeans. Miller has been nominated for two BAFTAs and a Golden Globe.
/m/05cljf	Keith Lionel Urban is a New Zealand-born Australian-raised country music musician, songwriter, guitarist, and television music competition judge. When he was 2 years old, his parents moved the family to Australia, where his career eventually began. In 1991, he released a self-titled debut album, and charted four singles in Australia before moving to the United States in 1992. Eventually, he found work as a session guitarist before starting a band known as The Ranch, which recorded one studio album on Capitol Nashville and charted two singles on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart.\nStill signed to Capitol, he made his solo American debut in 1999 with the album Keith Urban. Certified platinum in the U.S., it produced his first Number One on Hot Country Songs with \"But for the Grace of God\". \"Somebody Like You\", the first single from his second Capitol album, Golden Road, was named by Billboard as the biggest country hit of the 2000–2010 decade. The album's fourth single, \"You'll Think of Me\", earned him his first Grammy. 2004's Be Here, his third American album, produced three more number 1 singles, and became his highest-selling album, earning 4× Platinum certification. Love, Pain & the Whole Crazy Thing was released in 2006, containing \"Once in a Lifetime\", as well as his second Grammy song, \"Stupid Boy\". A greatest hits package entitled Greatest Hits: 18 Kids followed in late 2007. Defying Gravity and Get Closer were released on 31 March 2009 and 16 November 2010, respectively. In September 2013, he released a brand new album titled Fuse, which produced two number ones on the newly introduced Country Airplay chart with its first two singles, \"Little Bit of Everything\" and \"We Were Us\". The third single, \"Cop Car\", was released in January 2014.
/m/01vvyd8	James Todd Smith, better known as LL Cool J, is an American rapper, entrepreneur, and actor. He is known for pioneering hip-hop tracks such as \"I Can't Live Without My Radio\", \"I'm Bad\", \"The Boomin' System\", \"Rock The Bells\", and \"Mama Said Knock You Out\" as well as romantic ballads such as \"I Need Love\", \"Around the Way Girl\", and \"Hey Lover\". He has released thirteen studio albums and two greatest hits compilations, including 2008's Exit 13, the last for his record deal with Def Jam Recordings. His latest album, Authentic, was released on April 30, 2013. He has also appeared in numerous films, including Halloween H20: 20 Years Later, and currently stars as NCIS Special Agent Sam Hanna on the CBS crime drama television series NCIS: Los Angeles.
/m/05567m	The Mask is a 1994 American superhero fantasy action comedy film based on a series of comic books published by Dark Horse Comics. This film was directed by Chuck Russell, and produced by Dark Horse Entertainment and New Line Cinema, and originally released to movie theatres on July 29, 1994. The film stars Jim Carrey as Stanley Ipkiss, a man who finds the Mask of Loki that turns him into The Mask, a grinning, magically-powered trickster uninhibited by anything, including physical reality. The film's supporting cast includes Peter Greene as mafia officer Dorian Tyrell, Amy Yasbeck as a newspaper reporter, Peter Riegert and Jim Doughan as police detectives, Richard Jeni as Stanley's friend, Orestes Matacena as nightclub owner and mafia boss Niko, Ben Stein as a psychologist, and Cameron Diaz in her feature film debut as Stanley's love interest Tina Carlyle.\nThe movie was among the top ten moneymakers of its year, cemented Carrey's reputation as one of the dominant comedic actors of the era, and established Diaz as a major starlet immediately, who would go on to have a long career as a leading lady. Carrey was nominated for a Golden Globe for his role, and the film was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Visual Effects, but lost to Forrest Gump.
/m/072x7s	Munich is a drama film based on Operation Wrath of God, the Israeli government's secret retaliation against the Palestine Liberation Organization after the Munich massacre at the 1972 Summer Olympics. The film was produced and directed by Steven Spielberg and written by Tony Kushner and Eric Roth.\nBased on the book Vengeance: The True Story of an Israeli Counter-Terrorist Team about Yuval Aviv, who claims to have been a Mossad agent, Munich follows a squad of assassins as they track down and kill alleged members of the group Black September, which kidnapped and murdered eleven Israeli athletes.\nShot in Malta, Budapest, Fürstenfeldbruck Air Base, Paris, and New York, Munich was a critical and commercial success. It garnered positive reviews and five Academy Awards nominations: Best Picture, Best Director, Best Adapted Screenplay, Best Film Editing and Best Original Score. Its worldwide box office gross was $130,358,911.
/m/0d1xx	Clark County is a county located in the southwestern part of the State of Washington. As of the 2010 census, the population was 425,363. Its county seat is at Vancouver, which is also its largest city.\nClark County was the first county of Washington, named after William Clark of the Lewis and Clark Expedition. It was created by the provisional government of Oregon Territory on August 20, 1845, and at that time covered the entire present-day state.\nClark County is located across the Columbia River from Portland, Oregon and is included in the Portland metropolitan area.
/m/02211by	A chief technology officer, sometimes known as a chief technical officer, is an executive-level position in a company or other entity whose occupant is focused on scientific and technological issues within an organization.
/m/053y4h	Mary Kay Place is an American actress, singer, director, and screen writer. She is best known for portraying Loretta Haggers on the television series Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman, a role that won her a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress - Comedy Series in 1977. Place also recorded one studio album for Columbia Records in the Haggers persona, which included the Top Ten country music hit \"Baby Boy.\"
/m/03gt46z	The 60th Writers Guild of America Awards honored the best film, television, and videogame writers of 2007. Winners were announced on February 9, 2008.
/m/058z1hb	William Kiernan was an American set decorator. He was nominated for six Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction.
/m/05lb65	Brenda Lee Strong is an American actress and yoga instructor, best known for her role as Mary Alice Young on the ABC television comedy-drama series Desperate Housewives, for which she was nominated for two Emmy Awards. She also is known for role as Sally Sasser on the ABC comedy-drama Sports Night and currently starring as Ann Ewing on the TNT drama series Dallas.
/m/0rnmy	Miami Beach is a coastal resort city in Miami-Dade County, Florida, United States. It was incorporated on March 26, 1915. The municipality is located on a series of natural and man-made barrier islands between the Atlantic Ocean and Biscayne Bay, the latter which separates the Beach from Miami city proper. The neighborhood of South Beach, comprising the southernmost 2.5 square miles of Miami Beach, along with Downtown Miami and the port, collectively form the commercial center of South Florida. As of the 2010 census, the city had a total population of 87,779. Miami Beach has been one of America's pre-eminent beach resorts since the early 20th century.\nIn 1979, Miami Beach's Art Deco Historic District was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The Art Deco District is the largest collection of Art Deco architecture in the world and comprises hundreds of hotels, apartments and other structures erected between 1923 and 1943. Mediterranean, Streamline Moderne and Art Deco are all represented in the District. The Historic District is bounded by the Atlantic Ocean on the East, Lenox Court on the West, 6th Street on the South and Dade Boulevard along the Collins Canal to the North. The movement to preserve the Art Deco District's architectural heritage was led by former interior designer Barbara Capitman, who now has a street in the District named in her honor.
/m/073hd1	The 63rd Academy Awards were presented March 25, 1991 at the Shrine Auditorium, Los Angeles. The show was hosted by Billy Crystal.\nThe prominent winner was Dances with Wolves which earned seven Oscars, including Best Picture and Best Director. Kathy Bates and Jeremy Irons won Best Actress and Actor, Joe Pesci won Best Supporting Actor, and Whoopi Goldberg was named Best Supporting Actress, making history by becoming the first African-American actress since Hattie McDaniel in 1939 to win an Academy Award.\nSeven members of Reba McEntire's band and her road manager were among 10 who died in a March 16, 1991 plane crash near San Diego, California. There was a minor controversy over her decision to perform on the Academy Awards a week after the crash. But she appeared on the show to dedicate the nominated song, I'm Checking Out from the film Postcards from the Edge, to her fallen band members. During the performance, McEntire was visibly emotional.\nFor this telecast host Billy Crystal won two Emmys, for writing and for his hosting performance.
/m/04hhv	Laos, officially the Lao People's Democratic Republic, is a landlocked country in Southeast Asia, bordered by Burma and China to the northwest, Vietnam to the east, Cambodia to the south, and Thailand to the west. Its population was estimated to be around 6.5 million in 2012. A third of the country's population lives below the international poverty line which means living on less than US$1.25 per day. In 2013, Laos ranked the 138th place on the Human Development Index, indicating that Laos currently only has medium to low development.\nLaos traces its history to the kingdom of Lan Xang, which existed from the 14th to the 18th century when it split into three separate kingdoms. In 1893, it became a French protectorate, with the three kingdoms, Luang Phrabang, Vientiane and Champasak, uniting to form what is now known as Laos. It briefly gained independence in 1945 after Japanese occupation, but returned to French rule until it was granted autonomy in 1949. Laos became independent in 1953, with a constitutional monarchy under Sisavang Vong. Shortly after independence, a long civil war ended the monarchy, when the Communist Pathet Lao movement came to power in 1975.
/m/09lc9	In biology, a genus is a taxonomic rank used in the biological classification of living and fossil organisms. The composition of a genus is determined by a taxonomist. The standards for genus classification are not strictly codified, so different authorities often produce different classifications for genera. In the hierarchy of the binomial classification system, genus comes above species and below family. There are some general practices used, however, including the idea that a newly defined genus should fulfill these three criteria to be descriptively useful:\nmonophyly – all descendants of an ancestral taxon are grouped together;\nreasonable compactness – a genus should not be expanded needlessly; and\ndistinctness – in regards of evolutionarily relevant criteria, i.e. ecology, morphology, or biogeography; note that DNA sequences are a consequence rather than a condition of diverging evolutionary lineages except in cases where they directly inhibit gene flow.\nThe term comes from the Latin genus meaning \"descent, family, type, gender\", cognate with Ancient Greek: γένος – genos, \"race, stock, kin\". The use of genera in biology reflects some aspects of a broader concept in philosophy.
/m/0rp46	Key West is a city in Monroe County, Florida, United States. The city encompasses the island of Key West, the part of Stock Island north of U.S. 1, Sigsbee Park, Fleming Key, and Sunset Key. Both Fleming Key and Sigsbee Park are part of Naval Air Station Key West and are inaccessible by civilians. Key West is the county seat of Monroe County. Key West is the southernmost city in the Continental United States. It is also the southern terminus of U.S. 1, State Road A1A, the East Coast Greenway and, before 1935, the Florida East Coast Railway.\nKey West is 129 miles southwest of Miami, Florida, and 106 miles north-northeast of Havana, Cuba. Cuba, at its closest point, is 94 statute miles south. Key West is a seaport destination for many passenger cruise ships. The Key West International Airport provides airline service. Hotels and guest houses are available for lodging. Naval Air Station Key West is an important year round training site for naval aviation due to the superb weather conditions. It is also a reason the city was chosen as the Winter White House of President Harry S. Truman. The central business district primarily comprises Duval Street, and includes much of the northwest corner of the island along Whitehead, Simonton, Front, Greene, Caroline, and Eaton Streets and Truman Avenue. The official city motto is \"One Human Family.\"
/m/0q5hw	Jerome Allen \"Jerry\" Seinfeld is an American comedian, actor, writer, and television/film producer, best known for playing a semi-fictional version of himself in the sitcom Seinfeld, which he co-created and co-wrote with Larry David. For the show's final two seasons, they were co-executive producers.\nIn his first major foray back into the media since the finale of Seinfeld, he co-wrote and co-produced the 2007 film Bee Movie, also voicing the lead role of Barry B. Benson. In February 2010, Seinfeld premiered a reality TV series called The Marriage Ref on NBC. Seinfeld directed Colin Quinn in the Broadway show Long Story Short at the Helen Hayes Theater in New York which ran until January 8, 2011.\nSeinfeld is known for specializing in observational humor, often focusing on personal relationships and uncomfortable social obligations. In 2005, Comedy Central ranked Jerry Seinfeld 12th out of 100 as the greatest comedians of all time in its five-part special The 100 Greatest Standups of All Time.
/m/01669b	Henan is a province of the People's Republic of China, located in the central part of the country. Its one-character abbreviation is \"豫\", named after Yuzhou, a Han Dynasty state that included parts of Henan. Although the name of the province means \"south of the river\", approximately a quarter of the province lies north of the Yellow River, also known as the \"Huang He\".\nHenan is often referred to as Zhongyuan or Zhongzhou which literally means \"central plains\" or \"midland\", although the name is also applied to the entirety of China proper. Henan is the birthplace of Chinese civilization with over 5,000 years of history, and remained China's cultural, economical, and political center until approximately 1,000 years ago. Numerous heritages have been left behind including the ruins of Shang Dynasty capital city Yin and the Shaolin Temple. Four of the Eight Great Ancient Capitals of China, Luoyang, Anyang, Kaifeng, and Zhengzhou are located in Henan.\nWith an area of 167,000 square kilometres, Henan covers a large part of the fertile and densely populated North China Plain. Its neighbouring provinces are Shaanxi, Shanxi, Hebei, Shandong, Anhui, and Hubei. Henan is China's third most populous province with a population of over 94 million. If it were a country by itself, Henan would be the 12th most populous country in the world, behind Mexico and ahead of the Philippines.
/m/02tf1y	Damon Kyle Wayans Sr. is an American stand-up comedian, writer and actor, one of the Wayans family.
/m/0182r9	Sheffield Wednesday Football Club is a football club based in Sheffield, South Yorkshire, England, who are competing in the Football League Championship, the second tier of the English Football League System. Sheffield Wednesday are one of the oldest professional clubs in the world and the third oldest in the English league. They won the second football competition ever held, the Cromwell Cup, which remains in their possession. The Wednesday, as they were named until 1929, were founding members of The Football Alliance in 1889, and its first champions that inaugural season. The Wednesday joined The Football League three years later when the leagues merged. Sheffield Wednesday were also one of the founding members of The Premier League in 1992.\nTheir main rivals are Sheffield United, the two clubs having contested the Steel City derby on a regular basis for some 100 years. Barnsley, Leeds United, Rotherham United, Chesterfield and Doncaster Rovers are also local rivals. Since joining the Football League in 1892 under the name of The Wednesday Football Club, the club has spent the majority of its history in the top flight of English football. However, as of 2014 Sheffield Wednesday have not played in the top flight since their relegation in 2000. They have won four League titles, three FA Cups and one League Cup, but their League Cup triumph in 1991 is their only major trophy since 1935. They did reach both domestic cup finals in 1993, but lost 2–1 to Arsenal at Wembley on both occasions. They also lost the 1966 FA Cup final to Everton 3–2, having led 2–0.
/m/0p__8	Michael John \"Mike\" Myers is a Canadian actor, comedian, singer, screenwriter, and film producer. He has played the title characters of the films Wayne's World, Austin Powers, and Shrek. He originally rose to fame as a cast member of NBC's Saturday Night Live from 1989 to 1995.
/m/0gp5l6	Sapporo is the fourth-largest city in Japan by population, and the largest city on the northern Japanese island of Hokkaido. Located in Ishikari Subprefecture, it is the capital of Hokkaido Prefecture, and an ordinance-designated city of Japan.\nSapporo is known outside Japan for having hosted the 1972 Winter Olympics, the first ever held in Asia, and for the city's annual Yuki Matsuri, internationally referred to as the Sapporo Snow Festival, which draws more than 2 million tourists from around the world. The city is also home to Sapporo Brewery and the famous white chocolate biscuits called shiroi koibito.
/m/015xp4	Etta James was an American singer-songwriter. Her style spanned a variety of music genres including blues, R&B, soul, rock and roll, jazz and gospel. Starting her career in 1954, she gained fame with hits such as \"The Wallflower\", \"At Last\", \"Tell Mama\", \"Something's Got a Hold on Me\", and \"I'd Rather Go Blind\" for which she wrote the lyrics. She faced a number of personal problems, including drug addiction, before making a musical resurgence in the late 1980s with the album Seven Year Itch.\nJames is regarded as having bridged the gap between rhythm and blues and rock and roll, and is the winner of six Grammys and 17 Blues Music Awards. She was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1993, the Blues Hall of Fame in 2001, and the Grammy Hall of Fame in both 1999 and 2008. Rolling Stone ranked James number 22 on their list of the 100 Greatest Singers of All Time and number 62 on the list of the 100 Greatest Artists.
/m/0k3kv	Plymouth County is a county located in the U.S. state of Massachusetts. As of the 2010 census, the population was 494,919. Its county seats are Plymouth and Brockton. In 1685 the County was created by the Plymouth General Court, the legislature of Plymouth Colony, predating its annexation by the Massachusetts Bay Colony.
/m/01738w	Small Soldiers is a 1998 American action/science fiction comedy film directed by Joe Dante, starring Gregory Smith, Kirsten Dunst, Frank Langella and Tommy Lee Jones. The film revolves around two teenagers, who get caught in the middle of a war between two factions of sentient action figures, the Gorgonites and the Commando Elite.\nCritical reception of the film was mixed. Critics complimented the film's special effects, but criticized some of the darker aspects of the film, which had been marketed to a young audience.
/m/02yw5r	The 72nd Academy Awards ceremony, presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, honored the best films of 1999 and took place on March 26, 2000, at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles, beginning at 5:30 p.m. PST / 8:30 p.m. EST. During the ceremony, AMPAS presented Academy Awards in 23 categories. The ceremony, televised in the United States by ABC, was produced by husband-and-wife producing team Richard and Lili Fini Zanuck and was directed by Louis J. Horvitz. Actor Billy Crystal hosted the show for the seventh time. He first presided over the 62nd ceremony held in 1990 and had last hosted the 70th ceremony held in 1998. Three weeks earlier in a ceremony at the Regent Beverly Wilshire Hotel in Beverly Hills, California held on March 4, the Academy Awards for Technical Achievement were presented by host Salma Hayek.\nAmerican Beauty won five awards, including Best Picture. Other winners included The Matrix with four awards, The Cider House Rules and Topsy-Turvy with two, and All About My Mother, Boys Don't Cry, Girl, Interrupted, King Gimp, My Mother Dreams the Satan's Disciples in New York, The Old Man and the Sea, One Day in September, The Red Violin, Sleepy Hollow, and Tarzan with one. The telecast garnered almost 47 million viewers.
/m/0cw3yd	Away from Her is a 2006 Canadian film which debuted at the Toronto International Film Festival and also played in the Premier category at the 2007 Sundance Film Festival. The feature-length directorial debut of Canadian actress Sarah Polley, the film is based on Alice Munro's short story \"The Bear Came over the Mountain\", from the 2001 collection Hateship, Friendship, Courtship, Loveship, Marriage. It was executive produced by Atom Egoyan and distributed by Lionsgate Films.\nThe film stars Gordon Pinsent and Julie Christie as a couple whose marriage is tested when Christie's character begins to suffer from Alzheimer's and moves into a nursing home, where she loses virtually all memory of her husband and begins to develop a close relationship with another nursing home resident. The cast also includes Michael Murphy, Olympia Dukakis, Wendy Crewson, Alberta Watson, Lili Francks and Kristen Thomson. The film was shot primarily in Hamilton, with some location shooting in Brant, Kitchener, and Paris
/m/03m1n	The Houston Astros are a professional baseball team located in Houston, Texas. The team is a member of the Western Division of Major League Baseball's American League, having moved in 2013 after spending their first 51 seasons in the National League. The Astros have played their home games at Minute Maid Park since 2000.\nThe Astros were established as the Houston Colt .45s in 1962. The current name was adopted three years later when they moved into the Astrodome, the world's first domed sports stadium. The name reflects Houston's role as the center of the U.S. Space Program.\nThe Astros have one World Series appearance, in 2005 against the Chicago White Sox, where they lost.
/m/01wcp_g	John Legend is a singer, musician, film score composer and actor.
/m/0cnztc4	The Devil's Double is a 2011 allegedly biographical film directed by Lee Tamahori and starring Dominic Cooper in the dual role of Uday Hussein and Latif Yahia. It was released on January 22, 2011 at the 2011 Sundance Film Festival and was released in limited theaters on July 29, 2011 by Lionsgate and Herrick Entertainment. Latif Yahia's story behind the events depicted in the film has been questioned and there appears to be no proof that he had been Hussein's double or even that he had had any connection to Uday Hussein or the highest levels of Saddam Hussein's regime.
/m/0642xf3	Percy Jackson & the Olympians: The Lightning Thief is a 2010 fantasy adventure film directed by Chris Columbus.
/m/09k9d0	Fordham University School of Law is a part of Fordham University in the United States. The School is located in the Borough of Manhattan in New York City, and is one of eight ABA-approved law schools in that city.
/m/028fjr	A columnist is someone who writes for publication in a series, creating an article that usually offers commentary and opinions. Columns appear in newspapers, magazines and other publications, including blogs.\nReaders often open a publication with an expectation of reading another short essay by a specific writer who offers a personal point of view. In some instances, a column has been written by a composite or a team, appearing under a pseudonym, or a brand name. Some columnists appear on a daily or weekly basis and later reprint the same material in book collections.\nIn defining a column, Dictionary.com provides a breakdown of a few popular subjects covered by columnists:
/m/07gkgp	Michael Richard Dobson Originally from the UK is one of the three Dobson brothers, all of whom have made themselves known prominently in the voice acting community. Arrived in Canada and he currently resides in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. Dobson tends to be cast into the role of well-rounded, emotionally-driven characters. He is currently owner of his own voice recording studio, Makena Sound Ltd. in South Surrey, British Columbia.
/m/0mkg	Accordions are a family of box-shaped musical instruments of the bellows-driven free-reed aerophone type, colloquially referred to as a squeezebox. A person who plays the accordion is called an accordionist. The concertina and bandoneón are related; the harmonium and American reed organ are in the same family.\nThe instrument is played by compressing or expanding the bellows while pressing buttons or keys, causing valves, called pallets, to open, which allow air to flow across strips of brass or steel, called reeds, that vibrate to produce sound inside the body. The performer normally plays the melody on buttons or keys on the right-hand manual, and the accompaniment, consisting of bass and pre-set chord buttons, on the left-hand manual.\nThe accordion is widely spread across the world. In some countries it is used in pop music, whereas in other regions it tends to be more restricted to folk music and as well as in regional and is often used in folk music in Europe, North America and South America. Nevertheless, in Europe and North America, some popular music acts also make use of the instrument. Additionally, the accordion is also used in jazz music and in both solo and orchestra performances of classical music.
/m/01yndb	Henry Saint Clair Fredericks, who uses the stage name Taj Mahal, is an American Grammy Award-winning blues musician. He often incorporates elements of world music into his works. A self-taught singer-songwriter and film composer who plays the guitar, piano, banjo and harmonica, Mahal has done much to reshape the definition and scope of blues music over the course of his almost 50-year career by fusing it with nontraditional forms, including sounds from the Caribbean, Africa and the South Pacific.
/m/01vv126	Benji Madden is an American guitarist and backup vocalist for the band Good Charlotte, which he co-founded with his identical twin brother, Joel Madden.
/m/0mkz	Artificial intelligence is the intelligence exhibited by machines or software, and the branch of computer science that develops machines and software with intelligence. Major AI researchers and textbooks define the field as \"the study and design of intelligent agents\", where an intelligent agent is a system that perceives its environment and takes actions that maximize its chances of success. John McCarthy, who coined the term in 1955, defines it as \"the science and engineering of making intelligent machines\".\nAI research is highly technical and specialised, and is deeply divided into subfields that often fail to communicate with each other. Some of the division is due to social and cultural factors: subfields have grown up around particular institutions and the work of individual researchers. AI research is also divided by several technical issues. Some subfields focus on the solution of specific problems. Others focus on one of several possible approaches or on the use of a particular tool or towards the accomplishment of particular applications.\nThe central problems of AI research include reasoning, knowledge, planning, learning, communication, perception and the ability to move and manipulate objects. General intelligence is still among the field's long term goals. Currently popular approaches include statistical methods, computational intelligence and traditional symbolic AI. There are an enormous number of tools used in AI, including versions of search and mathematical optimization, logic, methods based on probability and economics, and many others.
/m/04qk12	Vanity Fair is a 2004 British-American costume drama film directed by Mira Nair and adapted from William Makepeace Thackeray's novel of the same name. The novel has been the subject of numerous television and film adaptations, and Nair's version made notable changes in the development of main character Becky Sharp.\nThe film was nominated for \"Golden Lion\" Award in 2004 Venice Film Festival.
/m/0g2dz	The melodica, also known as the pianica, blow-organ or key-flute, is a free-reed instrument similar to the melodion and harmonica. It has a musical keyboard on top, and is played by blowing air through a mouthpiece that fits into a hole in the side of the instrument. Pressing a key opens a hole, allowing air to flow through a reed. The keyboard is usually two or three octaves long. Melodicas are small, light, and portable. They are popular in music education, especially in Asia.\nThe modern form of the instrument was invented by Hohner in the 1950s, though similar instruments have been known in Italy since the 19th century.\nThe melodica was first used as a serious musical instrument in the 1960s by composers such as Steve Reich, in his piece titled Melodica and jazz musician Phil Moore, Jr., on his 1969 Atlantic Records album Right On. Brazilian multi-instrumentalist Hermeto Pascoal developed a technique consisting of singing while playing the melodica, resulting in a wide tonal and harmonic palette. It is associated with Jamaican dub and reggae musician Augustus Pablo who popularized it in the 1970s. It was featured on the 1972 No. 1 Billboard Hot 100 hit single, \"Oh Girl\" by the Chi-Lites. In the 1980s, electronic rock band New Order featured the melodica prominently, in songs such as \"Truth,\" \"Your Silent Face,\" \"Love Vigilantes,\", \"Hurt\" and \"In A Lonely Place\". Also the melodica provided the base melody line in the song \"And We Danced\" by The Hooters. The \"virtual band\" Gorillaz have used them heavily throughout their career, most notably on their first full length studio album. Melodicas have also been used in indie folk music by artists such as Rabbit of Steam Powered Giraffe and Paul Duncan of Warm Ghost, and Emmanuel Del Real of Café Tacvba. Additionally, the melodica is used by pop, alternative and electronica multi-instrumental and vocal artists such as Happy Tom.
/m/03d49	Glucose is a simple monosaccharide found in plants. It is one of the three dietary monosaccharides, along with fructose and galactose, that are absorbed directly into the bloodstream during digestion. It is an important carbohydrate in biology, which is indicated by the fact that cells use it as a secondary source of energy and a metabolic intermediate. Glucose is one of the main products of photosynthesis and fuels for cellular respiration. Glucose exists in several different molecular structures, but all of these structures can be divided into two families of mirror-images. Only one set of these isomers exists in nature, those derived from the \"particular chiral form\" of glucose, denoted D-glucose, or D-glucose.\nThe chemical D-glucose is sometimes referred to as dextrose, a historical name that derives from dextrorotatory glucose because a solution of D-glucose in water rotates the plane of polarized light to the right. However, the D- in D-glucose refers to a chiral chemical similarity property in sugars, not the property of rotating light. For this reason, the D- and L- designations in sugars do not perfectly predict optical rotation, and do not refer to this property.
/m/04vt98	Kenneth Cooper Annakin OBE was a prolific English film director.\nHis career spanned half a century, beginning in the early 1940s and ending in 2002. His career peaked in the 1960s with large-scale adventure films and in all he directed nearly 50 pictures.
/m/0sn4f	Hammond is a city in Lake County, Indiana, United States. It is part of the Chicago metropolitan area. The population was 80,830 at the 2010 census, replacing neighboring Gary as the most populous city in Lake County.
/m/02y0dd	Robert David \"Robbie\" Keane is an Irish footballer, who plays as a striker and is captain of both Los Angeles Galaxy and the Republic of Ireland national football team. Keane is a proven goalscorer who also doubles as a playmaker, drifting deep into midfield to help ease pressure and start attacks when he plays for the national team.\nKeane has scored 62 goals for the Republic of Ireland between 25 March 1998 and 15 November 2013, making him the all-time record Irish goalscorer. He is the joint second highest international scorer among active players—Miroslav Klose leads with 68. He is the fifth highest scoring European in history, alongside Hungary's Puskás and Kocsis and Germany's Müller and Klose.\nKeane was Ireland's top scorer at the 2002 FIFA World Cup in South Korea and Japan, with three goals as well as a converted penalty in the shoot-out with Spain. He became the first male Irish player to score 50 international goals in June 2011. With 130 full caps, he is Ireland's most capped player of all time and is a member of the FIFA Century Club. He is the tenth highest goalscorer in Tottenham Hotspur history and as of 21 January 2012, had scored 126 Premier League goals, which ranks him as eleventh most successful goal scorer in the history of the Premier League.
/m/01qdhx	Belmont University is a private, coeducational, liberal arts university located in Nashville, Tennessee, United States. It is the largest Christian university in Tennessee and the second largest private university in the state, behind nearby Vanderbilt University.
/m/04gkp3	The Antigua and Barbuda national football team is the national team of Antigua and Barbuda and is controlled by the Antigua and Barbuda Football Association, a member of the Confederation of North, Central American and Caribbean Association Football and the Caribbean Football Union. They are nicknamed The Benna Boys due to the indigenous music of the island. Their current FIFA World ranking is 145.
/m/0fqjhm	Penn Dayton Badgley is an American actor, known for his role as Dan Humphrey on The CW's series Gossip Girl. Badgley has also starred in a number of films, including John Tucker Must Die, The Stepfather, Easy A, Margin Call, and Greetings from Tim Buckley.
/m/049fbh	Empoli Football Club is an Italian association football club located in Empoli, Tuscany, founded in 1920 and played its first official match in 1921.\nThe club has spent most of the last decade bouncing between Serie A and Serie B. Most recently, Empoli was relegated to Serie B in 2004, but secured promotion back to Serie A in the next season, finishing first in Serie B and qualified for European football for the first time in their history with a respectable 7th place finish. 2007–08 was the seventh Serie A season for Empoli, particularly impressive for a team in a city of only 45,000 inhabitants. Empoli relies on extremely successful youth divisions which are among the most renowned in Italy. However, as of 2012-2013, Empoli currently competes in Serie B.
/m/0dzz6g	American Splendor is a 2003 American biographical comedy-drama film about Harvey Pekar, the author of the American Splendor comic book series. The film is also in part an adaptation of the comics, which dramatize Pekar's life. The film was written and directed by documentarians Shari Springer Berman and Robert Pulcini, who share writing credit with Pekar and his wife, Joyce Brabner.\nThe film stars Paul Giamatti as Pekar and Hope Davis as Brabner. It also features appearances from Pekar and Brabner themselves, who discuss their lives, the comic books, and how it feels to be depicted onscreen by actors. It was filmed entirely on location in Cleveland and Lakewood in Ohio.
/m/03p01x	Kevin Meade Williamson is an American screenwriter, producer, director, and actor, best known as the creator of the TV series Dawson's Creek, The Vampire Diaries, and The Following. He is also widely known for developing and writing the screenplay for the slasher film Scream, as well as the sequels Scream 2 and Scream 4. He also wrote the screenplay for the films I Know What You Did Last Summer, The Faculty, Teaching Mrs. Tingle, and Cursed.
/m/02wwwv5	Terius Youngdell Nash, better known by his stage name The-Dream, is an American R&B and pop record producer and singer-songwriter. He is known for co-writing many successful songs, including \"Me Against the Music\" for Britney Spears, \"Umbrella\" for Rihanna, \"Single Ladies\" for Beyoncé and \"Baby\" for Justin Bieber, as well as for his acclaimed releases as a solo artist.
/m/0ph24	Late Show with David Letterman is an American late-night talk show hosted by David Letterman on CBS. The show debuted on August 30, 1993, and is produced by Letterman's production company, Worldwide Pants Incorporated and CBS Television Studios. The show's music director and band-leader of the house band, the CBS Orchestra, is Paul Shaffer. The head writer is Matt Roberts and the announcer is Alan Kalter. Of the major U.S. late-night programs, Late Show ranks second in cumulative average viewers over time and third in number of episodes over time. In most U.S. markets the show airs at 11:35 p.m. Eastern/Pacific time, but is recorded Monday through Wednesday at 4:30 p.m., and Thursdays at 3:30 p.m and 6:00 p.m. The second Thursday episode usually airs on Friday of that week.\nIn 2002, Late Show with David Letterman was ranked No. 7 on TV Guide's 50 Greatest TV Shows of All Time. CBS has a contract with Worldwide Pants to continue the show through 2015. As host of both Late Night and Late Show for more than 30 years, Letterman surpassed Johnny Carson as the longest running late-night talk show host in 2013.
/m/03gyvwg	A mysterious group of ninja called the Sora-nin from the Sky Country makes a surprise attack on Konoha. This is because Konoha nearly destroyed the Sky Country during the last Shinobi World War. However, they survived and now are after Konoha and the Fire Country for revenge.\n\nThe group starts attacking Konoha causing mass mayhem, with flying ninjas on winged-mechanical devices bombarding the village. A boy comes all the way to inform Konoha that his village had been attacked and he was looking for his sensei, who was currently in Konoha, to go with him to heal the injured at his village.\n\nA 3 man team consisting of Naruto, Sakura and Hinata are sent along to help the boy's village and they accompany Amaru, the boy and Shinnou his sensei back to the village. The team travel through a forest full of eerie beasts and poisonous animals by small rowing boats down a river. A Sora-Nin suddenly appears and they hide by the riverside with Naruto and Amaru hiding underwater until the Sora-Nin goes. When they resurface, Amaru gets caught in the weeds underwater and loses his precious scalpel (a present from his beloved sensei). While helping Amaru with the weeds, Naruto notices that Amaru is in fact a \"she\" due to her breasts present. Naruto blushes while at the same time, a poisonous piranha-like fish bites him and he faints. Later on, Naruto wakes up still blushing, also because Amaru was sucking the poisonous blood out of the wound on his thigh thus saving Naruto. Naruto asks her if he's a \"she\" and suggests that Amaru has feelings for her sensei and he gets slapped.\n\nMeanwhile at Konoha, the Sora-nin retreats because they were out of chakra to maintain flying, so Konoha sends another special team to look for their base. Sai approaches the ships which is near the beach on one of his ink birds to attract attention while Shikamaru and Kakashi hides behind some rocks near the shore waiting for the right time to infiltrate and attack. At Orochimaru's lair, Orochimaru is now ill because the body transfer jutsu he uses is close to expiration. Kabuto is attending to him and tells Sasuke that the Sora-nin is attacking Konoha to which Sasuke gives an \"I don't care\" reply. Orochimaru orders Sasuke to get a man who is able to help him perfect his reincarnation jutsu.\n\nNaruto and company finally reach Amaru's village to find that the village had been badly attacked and some parts are now in ruins with the inhabitants nowhere to be seen. Amaru cries and runs around trying to find some villages she unknowingly triggered a trap with a bunch of kunai flying towards her, her sensei Shinnou steps in and protects her but fails. Naruto, Sakura and Hinata run to the scene but it was too late, Shinnou dies. After Amaru comes to her senses they continue to look for villages. Sasuke is on his way to the village.\n\nLater on through a series of events Hinata gets separated from Sakura and Naruto. Naruto and Sakura find themselves in front of an evil monster that claims to be a bijuu, the Zero Tails, who feeds on the darkness of human souls and somehow took over Amaru. Sakura proves to be no match for the beast, the creature senses that Naruto has a huge dark energy/power inside of him so it taunts Naruto and tries to make him use that power, saying \"He cannot save anyone without it\" this makes Naruto remember about his failure in saving Sasuke and is emotionally unstable taking on the Nine-Tailed Demon Fox form, eventually the four tails state. After fighting for a while, he turns back to normal when the seal which Jiraiya gave to Naruto activates and removes Kyuubi's chakra.\n\nNaruto tells Amaru to ignore the darkness in her heart which finally resulted in the beast getting defeated. Sakura wakes up in Naruto's arms and punches him - awkwardly. They decided to separate with Naruto going on to look for the villagers and Hinata and Sakura going back to get help. Amaru, who was supposed to go with Sakura stays to help Naruto. They then found some old ruins in...
/m/0m9c1	Michael Curtiz was a Hungarian-American film director. He had early credits as Mihály Kertész and Michael Kertész. He directed more than fifty films in Europe and more than one hundred in the United States, many of them cinema classics, including The Adventures of Robin Hood, Captain Blood, Dodge City, The Sea Hawk, The Sea Wolf, Angels with Dirty Faces, Casablanca, Yankee Doodle Dandy, Mildred Pierce, and White Christmas. He thrived in the heyday of the Warner Bros. studio in the 1930s/40s. He was less successful after the 1940s, when he attempted to move from studio direction into production and freelance work, but continued working until shortly before his death.
/m/0rqf1	The Town of Palm Beach is an incorporated town in Palm Beach County, Florida, United States. The Intracoastal Waterway separates it from the neighboring cities of West Palm Beach and Lake Worth. In 2000, Palm Beach had a year-round population of 10,468, with an estimated seasonal population of 30,000.
/m/0h_9252	The 66th Annual Tony Awards was held on June 10, 2012, to recognize achievement in Broadway productions during the 2011–2012 season. The ceremony was held at the Beacon Theatre, and was broadcast live on CBS television, with Neil Patrick Harris as the host.
/m/01gr6h	The name Greek Orthodox Church is a term referring to the body of several Churches within the larger communion of Eastern Orthodox Christianity, whose liturgy is or was traditionally conducted in Koine Greek, the original language of the New Testament. Today, several of these Churches conduct their services in Arabic, the common language of most of their faithful, while at the same time maintaining elements of Greek cultural tradition. The current territory of the Greek Orthodox Churches more or less covers the areas in the Eastern Mediterranean that used to be a part of the Byzantine Empire. The origins of the Orthodox Church can be traced back to the churches which the Apostles founded in the Balkans and the Middle East during the first century A.D., and maintains many traditions practiced in the ancient Church. Greek Orthodox Churches, unlike the Catholic Church, have no Bishopric head, such as a Pope, and hold the belief that Christ is the head of the Church. However, they are each governed by a committee of Bishops, called the Holy Synod, with one central Bishop holding the honorary title of \"first among equals.\"
/m/01z_lv	Grove Street Cemetery or Grove Street Burial Ground in New Haven, Connecticut is located adjacent to the Yale University campus. It was organized in 1796 as the New Haven Burying Ground and incorporated in October 1797 to replace the crowded burial ground on the New Haven Green. The first private, nonprofit cemetery in the world, it was one of the earliest burial grounds to have a planned layout, with plots permanently owned by individual families, a structured arrangement of ornamental plantings, and paved and named streets and avenues. This was \"a real turning point... a whole redefinition of how people viewed death and dying\", according to historian Peter Dobkin Hall, with novel ideas like permanent memorials and the sanctity of the deceased body. Many notable Yale and New Haven luminaries are buried in the Grove Street Cemetery, including fourteen Yale presidents; nevertheless, it was not restricted to members of the upper class, and was open to all.\nInitially consisting of six acres, it has been expanded to nearly 18 acres. The perimeter of the cemetery was surrounded by an eight foot stone wall in 1848-49, and the entrance on Grove Street is a brownstone Egyptian Revival gateway, designed by Henry Austin, and built in 1845. The lintel of the gateway is inscribed \"The Dead Shall Be Raised.\"; the concluding period has been called the most eloquent and sublime piece of punctuation in stone. The quotation is taken from 1 Corinthians 15.52: \"For the trumpet will sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we will be changed.\" The oft-recounted response of many presidents of Yale is, in substance, \"They certainly will be, if Yale needs the property.\" Immediately inside the gate is a Victorian chapel, now used as an office. The gravestones from the New Haven Green were moved here for preservation in 1821 and are displayed against the walls of the cemetery. Visitors from afar mingle with New Haven residents enjoying the quiet, park-like atmosphere.
/m/0930v2	Freedom of speech is the political right to communicate one's opinions and ideas using one's body and property to anyone who is willing to receive them. The term freedom of expression is sometimes used synonymously, but includes any act of seeking, receiving and imparting information or ideas, regardless of the medium used. In practice, the right to freedom of speech is not absolute in any country and the right is commonly subject to limitations, as with libel, slander, obscenity, sedition, copyright violation, revelation of information that is classified or otherwise.\nThe right to freedom of expression is recognized as a human right under Article 19 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and recognized in international human rights law in the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights. Article 19 of the ICCPR states that \"[e]veryone shall have the right to hold opinions without interference\" and \"everyone shall have the right to freedom of expression; this right shall include freedom to seek, receive and impart information and ideas of all kinds, regardless of frontiers, either orally, in writing or in print, in the form of art, or through any other media of his choice\". Article 19 goes on to say that the exercise of these rights carries \"special duties and responsibilities\" and may \"therefore be subject to certain restrictions\" when necessary \"[f]or respect of the rights or reputation of others\" or \"[f]or the protection of national security or of public order, or of public health or morals\".
/m/02rf1y	Jeffrey Duncan Jones is an American actor. He is best known for his roles as Emperor Joseph II in Amadeus, Edward R. Rooney in Ferris Bueller's Day Off, and Charles Deetz in Beetlejuice. Jones' career started in Guthrie Theatre in Minneapolis, Minnesota, advanced to London and Broadway, before leading to a series of character acting roles in film and television, which often capitalized on Jones' deadpan delivery of characters in unusual situations to comic effect.
/m/01j8wk	Don't Say a Word is a 2001 psychological thriller film starring Michael Douglas, Brittany Murphy and Sean Bean based on the novel of the same title by Andrew Klavan. Don't Say a Word was directed by Gary Fleder and written by Anthony Peckham and Patrick Smith Kelly.
/m/01dycg	Square Enix Holdings Co., Ltd. is a Japanese video game developer, publisher, and distribution company that is best known for its role-playing video game franchises, which include the Final Fantasy series, the Dragon Quest series, and the Kingdom Hearts action RPG series. Its headquarters are located in the Shinjuku Eastside Square Building in Shinjuku, Tokyo.\nThe original Square Enix was formed as the result of a merger between Square and Enix. The merger occurred on April 1, 2003 with Enix as the surviving company. Each share of Square's common stock was exchanged for 0.85 shares of Enix's common stock. At the time, 80% of Square Enix staff were made up of former Square Co. employees. As part of the merger, former Square president Yoichi Wada was appointed president of the new corporation, while former Enix president Keiji Honda became its vice president. The founder of Enix, Yasuhiro Fukushima, currently serves as the honorary chairman and largest shareholder of the corporation.\nThe company also owns Taito Corporation, best known for arcade games such as Space Invaders and Bubble Bobble, and former game publisher Eidos Interactive, which has been absorbed into Square Enix Europe. Square Enix now publishes all of Eidos' IPs and runs Eidos' development studios. Eidos was most well known for publishing the Tomb Raider, Hitman, Deus Ex, and Thief series of games.
/m/01b8w_	Hammersmith is a district in west London, England, in the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham, approximately five miles west of Charing Cross on the north bank of the River Thames. One of west London's key transport hubs and commercial and employment centres, and home to several multinational company offices, it is focused on the two London Underground stations, bus station and road network node at Hammersmith Broadway.\nIt is bordered by Shepherds Bush to the north, Kensington to the east, Fulham to the south and Chiswick to the west, and is linked by Hammersmith Bridge to Barnes in the southwest.\nIt has for some decades been the main centre of London's Polish minority.
/m/01jw4r	Sally Margaret Field is an American actress, singer, producer, director, and screenwriter. In each decade of her career, she has been known for her leading American TV and film roles, most notably in Gidget, The Flying Nun, Sybil, Smokey and the Bandit, Hooper, Norma Rae, Absence of Malice, Places in the Heart, Steel Magnolias, Not Without My Daughter, Mrs. Doubtfire, Forrest Gump, Eye for an Eye, ER, Brothers & Sisters, The Amazing Spider-Man, and Lincoln.\nField is a two-time winner of the Academy Award for Best Actress, for Norma Rae and Places in the Heart. She has received three Emmy Awards for her title role in the TV film Sybil, her guest role on ER, and her role as Nora Holden Walker on ABC's series Brothers & Sisters. She has also won two Golden Globes and the Screen Actors Guild Award for Best Actress, as well as the Best Female Performance Prize at the Cannes Film Festival for Norma Rae. In 2012 Field's widely praised portrayal of Mary Todd Lincoln in Steven Spielberg's film Lincoln brought her Best Supporting Actress nominations for the Academy Award, the Golden Globe, and the BAFTA and Screen Actors Guild awards. She was inducted into the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2013.
/m/02jp5r	The 70th Academy Awards ceremony, organized by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, honored the best films of 1997 in the United States and took place on March 23, 1998, at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles beginning at 6:00 p.m. PST / 9:00 p.m. EST. During the ceremony, AMPAS presented Academy Awards in 24 categories. The ceremony, which was televised in the United States by ABC, was produced by Gil Cates and directed by Louis J. Horvitz. Actor Billy Crystal hosted the show for the sixth time. He first presided over the 62nd ceremony held in 1990, and he had hosted the previous year's ceremony. Nearly a month earlier in a ceremony held at the Regent Beverly Wilshire Hotel in Beverly Hills, California on February 28, the Academy Awards for Technical Achievement were presented by host Ashley Judd.\nTitanic won a record-tying eleven awards including Best Director for James Cameron and Best Picture. Other winners included As Good as It Gets, Good Will Hunting and L.A. Confidential with two awards, and Amazon, The Full Monty, Geri's Game, Karakter, The Long Way Home, Men in Black, and A Story of Healing with one. The telecast garnered more than 57 million viewers in the United States, making it the most watched telecast in history.
/m/0461wt	A Great Day in Harlem or Harlem 1958 is a 1958 black and white group portrait of 57 notable jazz musicians photographed in front of a brownstone in Harlem, New York City. The photo has remained an important object in the study of the history of jazz.\nArt Kane, a freelance photographer working for Esquire magazine, took the picture around 10 a.m. on August 12 in the summer of 1958. The musicians had gathered at 17 East 126th Street, between Fifth and Madison Avenues in Harlem. Esquire published the photo in its January 1959 issue. Kane calls it \"the greatest picture of that era of musicians ever taken.\"\nJean Bach, a radio producer of New York, recounted the story behind it in her 1994 documentary film, A Great Day in Harlem. The film was nominated in 1995 for an Academy Award for Documentary Feature.\nAs of August 2013, only 3 of the 57 musicians who participated are still living
/m/040j2_	Gary Antonian Sheffield is an American retired Major League Baseball outfielder. He played with eight teams in the major leagues from 1988 to 2009. He currently works as a sports agent.\nFor most of his career, Sheffield played right field, though he has also played left field, third base, shortstop, and a handful of games at first base. He played for the Milwaukee Brewers, San Diego Padres, Florida Marlins, Los Angeles Dodgers, Atlanta Braves, New York Yankees, Detroit Tigers, and the New York Mets. Sheffield was a first-round pick of the Brewers, who selected him sixth overall in the 1986 amateur draft after a standout prep career at Hillsborough High School in Tampa. He bats and throws right-handed.\nAt the start of the 2010 season, Sheffield ranked second among all active players in walks, third in runs, fourth in RBIs, fifth in hits and home runs, and sixth in hit by pitches. Sheffield hit his 500th home run on April 17, 2009, the last time this feat has been accomplished.\nAfter retirement, he started to work as an agent. His current clients include Josh Banks and Jason Grilli.
/m/02wgbb	The Flintstones in Viva Rock Vegas is a 2000 American family-romantic comedy film and prequel to 1994's The Flintstones based on the 1960s cartoon series of the same name, produced by Amblin Entertainment and Hanna-Barbera and distributed by Universal Pictures. Set before the Flintstones and Rubbles were married and had kids and the events of the first film, it featured very few of the original cast. Despite slightly more positive reviews than the first film, Viva Rock Vegas bombed at the box office.\nAnn-Margret, who appeared as 'Ann-Margrock' in the original television series, sings the theme song, which is a slightly rewritten version of the theme song from Viva Las Vegas.
/m/0ytph	Springfield is a city in the U.S. state of Ohio and the county seat of Clark County. The municipality is located in southwestern Ohio and is situated on the Mad River, Buck Creek and Beaver Creek, approximately 45 miles west of Columbus and 25 miles northeast of Dayton. Springfield is home to Wittenberg University, a liberal arts college.\nAs of the 2010 census, the city had a total population of 60,608. The Springfield Metropolitan Statistical Area had a population of 138,333 residents. and the Dayton-Springfield-Greenville, OH Combined Statistical Area had 1,072,891 residents. The Little Miami Scenic Trail, a paved rail-trail which is almost 80 miles long, goes from the Buck Creek Scenic Trailhead in Springfield south to Newtown, Ohio, and is popular with hikers and cyclists.\nIn 1983, Newsweek featured Springfield in its 50th anniversary issue, entitled, \"The American Dream.\" It chronicled the impact of the past 50 years on five local families. In 2004, Springfield was chosen as an \"All-America City\". In 2011, Springfield was named the \"unhappiest city in America\" by the The Gallup Organization after a three-year survey.
/m/0bqc_	The United States Forest Service is an agency of the U.S. Department of Agriculture that administers the nation's 155 national forests and 20 national grasslands, which encompass 193 million acres. Major divisions of the agency include the National Forest System, State and Private Forestry, and the Research and Development branch.
/m/0fdys	The focus of this article is literature written in English from anywhere, not just the literature of England, so that it includes writers from Scotland, the whole of Ireland, Wales, as well as literature in English from former British colonies, including the US. But until the early 19th century, it just deals with literature from Britain and Ireland written in English; then America starts to produce major writers. In the 20th century America and Ireland produced many of the most significant works of literature in English, and after World War II writers from the former British Empire also began to produce major works of literature.\nFurther discussion of literature in English from countries other than the UK and Ireland can be found in see also below.
/m/0g0vx	A farmer is a person engaged in agriculture, raising living organisms for food or raw materials. The term usually applies to people who do some combination of raising field crops, orchards, vineyards, poultry, or other livestock. A farmer might own the farmed land or might work as a labourer on land owned by others, but in advanced economies, a farmer is usually a farm owner, while employees of the farm are known as farm workers, or farmhands.
/m/078mm1	The Cassandra Crossing is a 1976 British disaster/thriller film directed by George Pan Cosmatos and starring Richard Harris, Sophia Loren, Martin Sheen, Burt Lancaster, Lee Strasberg, Ava Gardner and O. J. Simpson. With the backing of the European media tycoon Sir Lew Grade and the Italian film producer Carlo Ponti, the international all-star cast was expected to attract a widespread audience, with rights sold prior to filming, to both British and American distributors. Ponti also saw the production as a showcase for his wife, Sophia Loren.
/m/01jkqfz	Asleep at the Wheel is an American country music group that was formed in Paw Paw, West Virginia, but based in Austin, Texas. Altogether, they have won nine Grammy Awards since their 1970 inception. In their career, they have released more than twenty studio albums, and have charted more than twenty singles on the Billboard country charts. Their highest-charting single, \"The Letter That Johnny Walker Read\", peaked at No. 10 in 1975.
/m/0f5xn	Samuel Leroy Jackson is an American film and television actor and film producer. After becoming involved with the Civil Rights Movement, he moved on to acting in theater at Morehouse College, and then films. He had several small roles such as in the film Goodfellas before meeting his mentor, Morgan Freeman, and the director Spike Lee. After gaining critical acclaim for his role in Jungle Fever in 1991, he appeared in films such as Patriot Games, Amos & Andrew, True Romance and Jurassic Park. In 1994, he was cast as Jules Winnfield in Pulp Fiction, and his performance received several award nominations and critical acclaim.\nJackson has since appeared in over 100 films, including Die Hard with a Vengeance, The 51st State, Jackie Brown, Unbreakable, The Incredibles, Black Snake Moan, Shaft, Snakes on a Plane, Django Unchained, as well as the Star Wars prequel trilogy and small roles in Quentin Tarantino's Kill Bill Vol. 2 and Inglourious Basterds.\nHe played Nick Fury in Iron Man, Iron Man 2, Thor, Captain America: The First Avenger, and Marvel's The Avengers, the first five of a nine-film commitment as the character for the Marvel Cinematic Universe franchise. Jackson is set to reprise his role as Fury in the 2014 film, Captain America: The Winter Soldier and the 2015 film, Avengers: Age of Ultron.
/m/0137k8	The Boeing 737 is a short- to medium-range twinjet narrow-body airliner. Originally developed as a shorter, lower-cost twin-engined airliner derived from Boeing's 707 and 727, the 737 has developed into a family of nine passenger models with a capacity of 85 to 215 passengers. The 737 is Boeing's only narrow-body airliner in production, with the -600, -700, -800, and -900ER variants currently being built. A re-engined and redesigned version, the 737 MAX, is set to debut in 2017.\nOriginally envisioned in 1964, the initial 737-100 flew in 1967 and entered airline service in February 1968. Next, the lengthened 737-200 entered service in April 1968. In the 1980s Boeing launched the -300, -400, and -500 models, subsequently referred to as the Boeing 737 Classic series. The 737 Classics added capacity and incorporated CFM56 turbofan engines along with wing improvements. In the 1990s Boeing introduced the 737 Next Generation with multiple changes including a redesigned wing, upgraded cockpit, and new interior. The 737 Next Generation comprises the four -600, -700, -800, and -900ER models, ranging from 102 ft to 138 ft in length. Boeing Business Jet versions of the 737 Next Generation are also produced.
/m/02x2khw	The 2003 First-Year Player Draft, Major League Baseball's annual amateur draft, was held on June 3 and 4. It was conducted via conference call with representatives from each of the league's 30 teams.\nSource: MLB.com 2003 Draft Tracker
/m/0dbxy	The Cherokee are a Native American people historically settled in the Southeastern United States. They speak an Iroquoian language. In the 19th century, historians and ethnographers recorded their oral tradition that told of the tribe having migrated south in ancient times from the Great Lakes region, where other Iroquoian-speaking peoples were. They began to have contact with European traders in the 18th century.\nIn the 19th century, white settlers in the United States called the Cherokee one of the \"Five Civilized Tribes\" because they had assimilated numerous cultural and technological practices of European American settlers. The Cherokee were one of the first, if not the first, major non-European ethnic group to become U.S. citizens. Article 8 in the 1817 treaty with the Cherokee stated Cherokees may wish to become citizens of the United States. According to the 2010 U.S. Census, the Cherokee Nation has more than 314,000 members, the largest of the 566 federally recognized Native American tribes in the United States. However, several groups claiming Cherokee lineage that are not federally recognized make up some of that 819,000-plus people claiming Cherokee blood.
/m/01p7x7	The Cooper Union for the Advancement of Science and Art, commonly referred to simply as Cooper Union, is a privately funded college located in Cooper Square in the East Village neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City. Inspired in 1830 when Peter Cooper learned about the government-supported École Polytechnique, Cooper Union was established in 1859. The school was built on a radical new model of American higher education based on founder Peter Cooper's fundamental belief that an education \"equal to the best technology schools [then] established\" should be accessible to those who qualify, independent of their race, religion, sex, wealth or social status, and should be \"open and free to all\". The Cooper Union previously granted each admitted student a full-tuition scholarship; as of April 23, 2013, due to financial concerns, that policy has been eliminated beginning with the class entering in the Fall of 2014.\nThe college is divided into three schools: the Irwin S. Chanin School of Architecture, the School of Art, and the Albert Nerken School of Engineering. It offers undergraduate and master's degree programs exclusively in the fields of architecture, fine arts, and engineering. It is a member of the Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology and the Association of Independent Colleges of Art and Design. Cooper is considered to be one of the most prestigious colleges in the United States, with all three of its member schools consistently ranked among the highest in the country. Dr. Jamshed Bharucha has succeeded George Campbell Jr. as the college's twelfth president.
/m/0g092b	A monster movie is a film which revolves around innocent civilians and emergency services struggling to stay alive in assaults against Giant Monsters. The film may also belong to the horror, fantasy or science fiction genre. In most cases it is applied to films that feature more oversized monsters. Monster movies originated with adaptations of horror folklore and literature. In Japanese cinema, such monsters are referred to as Kaiju. Typically, movie monsters differ from more traditional antagonists in that many exist due to circumstances beyond their control; their actions not entirely based on choice, potentially making them objects of empathy to film viewers.
/m/0jt3tjf	Kyrgyzstan, officially the Kyrgyz Republic, is a country located in Central Asia. Landlocked and mountainous, Kyrgyzstan is bordered by Kazakhstan to the north, Uzbekistan to the west, Tajikistan to the southwest and China to the east. Its capital and largest city is Bishkek.\nDespite Kyrgyzstan's struggle for political stabilization among ethnic conflicts, revolts, economic troubles, transitional governments, and political party conflicts, it maintains a unitary parliamentary republic.\nA revolution in April 2010 overthrew the former president Kurmanbek Bakiyev and resulted in the adoption of a new constitution and the appointment of an interim government. Elections for the Kyrgyz Supreme Chancellor were held in November 2011.\nThe national language, Kyrgyz, is closely related to the other Turkic languages, with which it shares strong cultural and historical ties. Kyrgyzstan is one of the active members of the Turkic Council and the TÜRKSOY community. Kyrgyzstan is also a member of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation, Commonwealth of Independent States, the Eurasian Economic Community, the Non-aligned movement and the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation.
/m/015g1w	The Royal Academy of Arts is an art institution based in Burlington House on Piccadilly in London. It has a unique position as an independent, privately funded institution led by eminent artists and architects; its purpose is to promote the creation, enjoyment and appreciation of the visual arts through exhibitions, education and debate.
/m/04nm0n0	Good is a film based on the stage play of the same name by C. P. Taylor and starring Viggo Mortensen, Jason Isaacs and Jodie Whittaker. It was directed by Vicente Amorim and was first shown at the Toronto International Film Festival on 8 September 2008.
/m/031b91	The Grammy Award for Best World Music Album is an honor presented to recording artists for quality albums in the world music genre at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position\".\nThe award for Best World Music Album, reserved for international performers exhibiting \"non-European, indigenous traditions\", was first presented to Mickey Hart in 1992 for the album Planet Drum. In 1996, Academy trustees attempted to solve the problem of \"compressing 75% or more of the world's music into a single award category\" by broadening the definition of \"world music\" to include non-Western classical music. Beginning in 2001, award recipients included the producers, engineers, and/or mixers associated with the nominated work in addition to the recording artists. Following the 45th Grammy Awards, the award was split into two separate categories for Best Traditional World Music Album and Best Contemporary World Music Album. In 2012, the two categories were merged back to Best World Music Album.
/m/02f6xy	The MTV Video Music Award for Best Male Video is one of the four original general awards that have been handed out every year since the very first MTV Video Music Awards in 1984. In 2007, though, the award was briefly renamed Male Artist of the Year, and it awarded the artist's whole body of work for that year rather than a specific video. However, the award returned to its original name in 2008. With three victories, Eminem is the artist with most wins in this category and most nominations with eight; Tom Petty, Beck, Will Smith, Justin Timberlake, and Chris Brown, all have won this category twice.
/m/050r1z	The Last of the Mohicans is a 1992 historical epic film set in 1757 during the French and Indian War and produced by Morgan Creek Pictures. It was directed by Michael Mann and based on James Fenimore Cooper's novel of the same name and George B. Seitz's 1936 film adaptation, owing more to the latter than the novel. The film stars Daniel Day-Lewis, Madeleine Stowe, and Jodhi May, with Russell Means, Wes Studi, Eric Schweig, and Steven Waddington in supporting roles.\nThe soundtrack features music by Trevor Jones and Randy Edelman, and the song \"I Will Find You\" by Clannad. The main theme of the film is taken from the tune \"The Gael\" by Scottish singer-songwriter Dougie MacLean. Released on September 25, 1992, in the United States, The Last of the Mohicans was met with nearly-universal praise from critics as well as being commercially successful during its box-office run.
/m/0c_tl	The 1896 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the I Olympiad, was a multi-sport event held in Athens, Greece, from 6 to 15 April 1896. It was the first international Olympic Games held in the Modern era. Because Ancient Greece was the birthplace of the Olympic Games, Athens was considered to be an appropriate choice to stage the inaugural modern Games. It was unanimously chosen as the host city during a congress organized by Pierre de Coubertin, a French pedagogue and historian, in Paris, on 23 June 1894. The International Olympic Committee was also instituted during this congress.\nDespite many obstacles and setbacks, the 1896 Olympics were regarded as a great success. The Games had the largest international participation of any sporting event to that date. The Panathinaiko Stadium, the only Olympic stadium used in the 1800s, overflowed with the largest crowd ever to watch a sporting event. The highlight for the Greeks was the marathon victory by their compatriot Spyridon Louis. The most successful competitor was German wrestler and gymnast Carl Schuhmann, who won four events.\nAfter the Games, Coubertin and the IOC were petitioned by several prominent figures, including Greece's King George and some of the American competitors in Athens, to hold all the following Games in Athens. However, the 1900 Summer Olympics were already planned for Paris and, except for the Intercalated Games of 1906, the Olympics did not return to Greece until the 2004 Summer Olympics, some 108 years later.
/m/02vx4c2	Robert Christopher Elswit, ASC is an American cinematographer. He has had multiple Oscar, BAFTA, and Independent Spirit nominations for several films, including There Will Be Blood. Elswit frequently works with director Paul Thomas Anderson.
/m/06kqt3	Royal blue describes both a bright shade and a dark shade of azure blue. It is said to have been invented by millers in Rode, Somerset, a consortium of which won a competition to make a dress for the British queen, Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz.\nTraditionally, dictionaries define royal blue as a deep to dark blue, often with a purple or faint reddish tinge.\nBy the 1950s, many people began to think of royal blue as a brighter color, and it is this brighter color that was chosen as the web color \"royal blue\". The World Wide Web Consortium designated the keyword \"royalblue\" to be this much brighter color, rather than the traditional darker version of royal blue.
/m/02p86pb	Born on the Fourth of July is a 1989 American film adaptation of the best selling autobiography of the same name by Vietnam War veteran Ron Kovic.\nTom Cruise plays Ron Kovic, in a performance that earned him his first Academy Award nomination. Oliver Stone co-wrote the screenplay with Kovic, and also produced and directed the film. Stone wanted to film the movie in Vietnam, but because relations between the United States and Vietnam had not yet been normalized, it was instead filmed in the Philippines. The film is considered part of Stone's \"trilogy\" of films about the Vietnam War—following Platoon and preceding Heaven & Earth.\nBorn on the Fourth of July was nominated for eight Academy Awards and won Academy Awards for Best Director and Best Film Editing. The film was a critical and commercial success, grossing $161,001,698 worldwide and winning two Academy Awards, four Golden Globe Awards and a Directors Guild of America Award.
/m/0k5g9	Vertigo is a 1958 psychological thriller film directed and produced by Alfred Hitchcock. The story was based on the 1954 novel D'entre les morts by Boileau-Narcejac. The screenplay was written by Alec Coppel and Samuel A. Taylor.\nThe film stars James Stewart as former police detective John \"Scottie\" Ferguson. Scottie is forced into early retirement because an incident in the line of duty has caused him to develop acrophobia and vertigo. Scottie is hired by an acquaintance, Gavin Elster, as a private investigator to follow Gavin's wife Madeleine, who is behaving strangely.\nThe film was shot on location in San Francisco, California, and at Paramount Studios in Hollywood. It popularized the dolly zoom, an in-camera effect that distorts perspective to create disorientation, to convey Scottie's acrophobia. As a result of its use in this film, the effect is often referred to as \"the Vertigo effect\".\nThe film received mixed reviews upon initial release, but is now often cited as a classic Hitchcock film and one of the defining works of his career. Attracting significant scholarly criticism, it replaced Citizen Kane as the best film of all time in the 2012 British Film Institute's Sight & Sound critics' poll and has appeared repeatedly in best film polls by the American Film Institute, as well as being named in 2008 as the 40th greatest movie of all time by Empire magazine in its issue of The 500 Greatest Movies of All Time. In 1996, Vertigo underwent a major restoration to create a new 70mm print and DTS soundtrack.
/m/0d06m5	Hillary Diane Rodham Clinton is a former United States Secretary of State, U.S. Senator, and First Lady of the United States. From 2009 to 2013, she was the 67th Secretary of State, serving under President Barack Obama. She previously represented New York in the U.S. Senate. Before that, as the wife of President Bill Clinton, she was First Lady from 1993 to 2001. In the 2008 election, Clinton was a leading candidate for the Democratic presidential nomination.\nA native of Illinois, Hillary Rodham was the first student commencement speaker at Wellesley College in 1969 and earned a J.D. from Yale Law School in 1973. After a brief stint as a Congressional legal counsel, she moved to Arkansas and married Bill Clinton in 1975. Rodham cofounded the Arkansas Advocates for Children and Families in 1977. In 1978, she became the first female chair of the Legal Services Corporation, and in 1979 the first female partner at Rose Law Firm. The National Law Journal twice listed her as one of the hundred most influential lawyers in America. As First Lady of Arkansas from 1979 to 1981 and 1983 to 1992 with husband Bill as Governor, she led a task force that reformed Arkansas's education system. During that time, she was on the board of Wal-Mart and several other corporations.
/m/0k2q	The Aegean Sea is an elongated embayment of the Mediterranean Sea located between the southern Balkan and Anatolian peninsulas, i.e., between the mainlands of Greece and Turkey. In the north, it is connected to the Marmara Sea and Black Sea by the Dardanelles and Bosporus. The Aegean Islands are within the sea and some bound it on its southern periphery, including Crete and Rhodes.\nThe sea was traditionally known as Archipelago, but in English this word's meaning has changed to refer to the Aegean Islands and, generally, to any island group.
/m/03tc5p	Club Atlético Osasuna, or simply CA Osasuna, is a Spanish football team based in Pamplona, in the autonomous community of Navarre.\nFounded in 1920 it currently plays in La Liga, holding home games at the 19,553-capacity El Sadar Stadium. The team's home kit is red shirt, navy blue shorts, black socks with red back, whereas the away one is navy blue shirt, orange shorts and navy blue socks.\nThe word Osasuna means \"health\" in Basque.
/m/05511w	Club Universidad de Chile is a football club based in Santiago, Chile, which plays in the Primera División.\nThe club was founded on May 24, 1927. Universidad de Chile is one of the most successful and popular football clubs in Chile, having won the league title 16 times. In the last 10 years, the team has been crowned champion six times, including their undefeated run to the 2011 Copa Sudamericana title.\nThe team has been throughout its history associated with the blue colour, also present on the logo, which was officially adopted in 1943.\nDespite not owning its stadium, the club usually plays its home games at the Estadio Nacional de Chile, in the commune of Ñuñoa in Santiago. The Estadio Nacional's modernization process, forced the team to play home games in various stadiums across Chile in 2010. Universidad de Chile made a return to the Estadio Nacional on August 2010 against Guadalajara of Mexico during the 2010 Copa Libertadores Semifinals.\nUniversidad de Chile was the champion of the Copa Sudamericana 2011. In this tournament, the club had an excellent performance: wasn't defeated, won all their matches in Chile and had the top scorer of the tournament's history. Also Universidad de Chile has reached semifinals in the Copa Libertadores four times.
/m/017j4q	Epsom is a town with a market in the borough of Epsom and Ewell in Surrey, England. Small parts of Epsom are in the Borough of Reigate and Banstead and Mole Valley District. The town is 13.6 miles south south-west of Charing Cross, within the contiguous urban area of London mapped by the Office for National Statistics. The town straddles chalk downland and the upper Thanet Beds. The eponymous racecourse at its edge holds The Derby at the start of summer which has become the name of a major annual competition across many sports in English-speaking countries. The town also gives it name to Epsom Salts which were identified from mineral waters there.\nEpsom has the source of the Hogsmill stream or river and includes two semi-rural localities: Horton and Langley Vale.
/m/0g72r	Henry Charles Bukowski was a German-born American poet, novelist and short story writer. His writing was influenced by the social, cultural, and economic ambience of his home city of Los Angeles. His work addresses the ordinary lives of poor Americans, the act of writing, alcohol, relationships with women, and the drudgery of work. Bukowski wrote thousands of poems, hundreds of short stories and six novels, eventually publishing over sixty books. The FBI kept a file on him as a result of his column, Notes of a Dirty Old Man, in the LA underground newspaper Open City. In 1986 Time called Bukowski a \"laureate of American lowlife\". Regarding Bukowski's enduring popular appeal, Adam Kirsch of The New Yorker wrote, \"the secret of Bukowski's appeal. . . [is that] he combines the confessional poet's promise of intimacy with the larger-than-life aplomb of a pulp-fiction hero.\"
/m/01mr2g6	Gregory Walter Graffin, Ph.D. is an American punk rock musician, college professor, and author. He is most recognized as the lead vocalist, songwriter, and only constant member of the noted Los Angeles band Bad Religion, which he co-founded in 1979. He also embarked on a solo career in 1997, when he released the album American Lesion. His follow-up album, Cold as the Clay was released nine years later. Graffin obtained his Ph.D. at Cornell University and has lectured courses in life sciences and paleontology at the University of California, Los Angeles.
/m/0465_	John Keats was an English Romantic poet. He was one of the main figures of the second generation of Romantic poets along with Lord Byron and Percy Bysshe Shelley, despite his work having been in publication for only four years before his death.\nAlthough his poems were not generally well received by critics during his life, his reputation grew after his death, so that by the end of the 19th century he had become one of the most beloved of all English poets. He had a significant influence on a diverse range of poets and writers. Jorge Luis Borges stated that his first encounter with Keats was the most significant literary experience of his life.\nThe poetry of Keats is characterised by sensual imagery, most notably in the series of odes. Today his poems and letters are some of the most popular and most analysed in English literature.
/m/025rpb0	Hispanic or Latino are an ethnolinguistic group of Americans with origins in the countries of Latin America or the Iberian peninsula. More generally it includes all persons in the United States who self-identify as Hispanic or Latino. Reflecting especially the Latin American population, which has origins in all the continents and many ancestries, Hispanic/Latino Americans are very racially diverse, and as a result form an ethnic category, rather than a race.\nWhile the two terms are sometimes used interchangeably, Hispanic is a narrower term and refers mostly to persons of Spanish speaking origin or ancestry, while Latino is more frequently used to refer more generally to anyone of Latin American origin or ancestry, including Brazilians. Hispanic thus includes persons from Spain and Spanish speaking Latin Americans excluding both Portuguese and Brazilians while Latino excludes persons from Spain but includes both Spanish speaking and Portuguese-speaking Latin Americans. Persons from Portugal, and all other Portuguese-speaking peoples around the World outside the Americas, are neither Hipanic nor Latino. Latino is a broader term encompassing more people. The choice between the terms Latino and Hispanic among those of Spanish speaking origin is also associated with location: persons of Spanish speaking origins residing in the eastern United States tend to prefer the term Hispanic, whereas those in the West tend to prefer Latino.
/m/067gh	The PlayStation 3 is a home video game console produced by Sony Computer Entertainment.\nIt is the successor to PlayStation 2, as part of the PlayStation series. It competes with Microsoft's Xbox 360 and Nintendo's Wii as part of the seventh generation of video game consoles. It was first released on November 11, 2006, in Japan, with international markets following shortly thereafter.\nThe console was first officially announced at the Electronic Entertainment Expo 2005, and was released at the end of 2006. It was the first console to use Blu-ray Disc as its primary storage medium. Major features of the console include its unified online gaming service, PlayStation Network, and its connectivity with PlayStation Portable and PlayStation Vita, In September 2009 the updated PlayStation 3 Slim, was released. This Slim is lighter and thinner than the original version, which notably featured a re-designed logo and marketing design. A further refined Super Slim design was released in late 2012. As of November 2, 2013, PlayStation 3 has sold 80 million units worldwide. Its successor, PlayStation 4, was released on November 15, 2013, in North America and in Europe on November 29, 2013. Following the release of PlayStation 4, Sony has stated that they will continue to support PlayStation 3 until 2015.
/m/05rrtf	Spyglass Entertainment is an American film production company, co-founded by Gary Barber and Roger Birnbaum in 1998. The studio was founded with an investment from European media conglomerates Kirch Group and Mediaset, and a five-year distribution deal with The Walt Disney Company. It is currently owned by Cerberus Capital Management.\nBarber and Birnbaum serve as co-CEOs, while Jonathan Glickman serves as the current President of Production. Jeffrey Chernov was once a production executive at Spyglass Entertainment.\nOn December 20, 2010, the founders of Spyglass Entertainment, Gary Barber and Roger Birnbaum, became co-Chairs and co-CEOs of the holding company of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, which had recently at that time emerged from bankruptcy. Since then, Spyglass' operation has been scaled back, though Barber and Birnbaum will continue to operate it through the handling of its library. The studio now produces only a handful of films per year.
/m/016ppr	Destiny's Child was an American R&B girl group whose final, and perhaps most recognizable, line-up comprised Beyoncé, Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams. Formed in 1990 in Houston, Texas, Destiny's Child members began their musical endeavors as Girl's Tyme comprising, among others, Knowles, Rowland, LaTavia Roberson and LeToya Luckett. After years of limited success, they were signed to Columbia Records as Destiny's Child. Destiny's Child was launched into mainstream recognition following the release of their best-selling second album, The Writing's on the Wall, which contained the number-one singles \"Bills, Bills, Bills\" and \"Say My Name\". Despite critical and commercial success, the group was plagued by internal conflict and legal turmoil, as Roberson and Luckett attempted to split from the group's manager Mathew Knowles, citing favoritism of Knowles and Rowland.\nBoth Roberson and Luckett were soon replaced with Williams and Farrah Franklin; however, in 2000, Franklin was dismissed, leaving them as a trio. Their third album, Survivor, which contains themes the public interpreted as a channel to the group's experience, contains the worldwide hits \"Independent Women\", \"Survivor\" and \"Bootylicious\". In 2002, they announced a hiatus and re-united two years later for the release of their fourth and final studio album, Destiny Fulfilled. Destiny's Child has sold more than 60 million records worldwide to date. Billboard magazine ranks the group as one of the greatest musical trios of all time, the ninth most successful artist/band of the 2000s, and placed the group 68th in its All-Time Hot 100 Artists list in 2008.
/m/09qftb	The 55th Golden Globe Awards, honoring the best in film and television for 1997, were held on January 18, 1998. The winners were selected from the 55th Golden Globe Awards nominees. The ceremony was notable for two memorable moments. First, when Christine Lahti was announced as the winner of Best Actress in a Television Drama, she was in the restroom and came out a few minutes later to accept. Also, after winning Best Actor in a Movie or Miniseries, Ving Rhames brought fellow nominee Jack Lemmon on stage to give his award to the elder actor.
/m/06thjt	The New School is a university in New York City, located mostly in Greenwich Village. From its founding in 1919 by progressive New York educators, and for most of its history, the university was known as the New School for Social Research. Between 1997 and 2005 it was known as New School University. The university and each of its colleges were renamed in 2005.\nThe school is renowned for its teaching, housing the international think tank, World Policy Institute, and hosting the prestigious National Book Awards. Parsons The New School for Design is the university's highly competitive art school.\nSome 9,300 students are enrolled in graduate and undergraduate degree programs, organized into seven different schools, which teach a variety of disciplines, including the social sciences, liberal arts, humanities, architecture, fine arts, design, music, drama, finance, psychology and public policy.\nThe graduate school of The New School began in 1933 as the University in Exile, an emergency rescue program for threatened scholars in Europe. In 1934 it was chartered by the New York state board of regents and its name was changed to the Graduate Faculty of Political and Social Science, a name it would keep until 2005 when it was renamed New School for Social Research.
/m/06__m6	Thank You for Smoking is a 2005 comedy-drama film written and directed by Jason Reitman and starring Aaron Eckhart, based on the 1994 satirical novel of the same name by Christopher Buckley. It follows the efforts of Big Tobacco's chief spokesman, Nick Naylor, who lobbies on behalf of cigarettes using heavy spin tactics while also trying to remain a role model for his 12-year-old son. Maria Bello, Adam Brody, Sam Elliott, Katie Holmes, Rob Lowe, William H. Macy, and Robert Duvall appear in supporting roles.\nThe film was released in a limited run on March 17, 2006, and had a wide release on April 14. As of 2007, the film has grossed a total of more than $39 million worldwide. On November 24, 2006, NBC announced that it is developing a television pilot based on the film. The film was released on DVD in the US on October 3, 2006, and in the UK on January 8, 2007.
/m/019cr	Baptists are Christians who comprise a group of denominations and churches that subscribe to a doctrine that baptism should be performed only for professing believers, and that it must be done by complete immersion. Other tenets of Baptist churches include soul competency, salvation through faith alone, scripture alone as the rule of faith and practice, and the autonomy of the local congregation. Baptists recognize two ministerial offices, pastors and deacons. Baptist churches are widely considered to be Protestant churches, though some Baptists disavow this identity.\nDiverse from their beginning, those identifying as Baptists today differ widely from one another in what they believe, how they worship, their attitudes toward other Christians, and their understanding of what is important in Christian discipleship.\nHistorians trace the earliest church labeled \"Baptist\" back to 1609 in Amsterdam, with English Separatist John Smyth as its pastor. In accordance with his reading of the New Testament, he rejected baptism of infants and instituted baptism only of believing adults. Baptist practice spread to England, where the General Baptists considered Christ's atonement to extend to all people, while the Particular Baptists believed that it extended only to the elect. In 1638, Roger Williams established the first Baptist congregation in the North American colonies. In the mid-18th century, the First Great Awakening increased Baptist growth in both New England and the South. The Second Great Awakening in the South in the early 19th century increased church membership, as did the preachers' lessening of support for abolition and manumission of slavery, which had been part of the 18th-century teachings. Baptist missionaries have spread their church to every continent.
/m/09c7w0	The United States of America, commonly referred to as the United States, America or simply the States, is a federal republic consisting of 50 states and a federal district. The 48 contiguous states and the federal district of Washington, D.C., are in central North America between Canada and Mexico. The state of Alaska is the northwestern part of North America and the state of Hawaii is an archipelago in the mid-Pacific. The country also has five populated and nine unpopulated territories in the Pacific and the Caribbean. At 3.79 million square miles in total and with around 317 million people, the United States is the fourth-largest country by total area and third largest by population. It is one of the world's most ethnically diverse and multicultural nations, the product of large-scale immigration from many countries. The geography and climate of the United States is also extremely diverse, and it is home to a wide variety of wildlife.\nPaleo-indians migrated from Asia to what is now the U.S. mainland around 15,000 years ago, with European colonization beginning in the 16th century. The United States emerged from 13 British colonies located along the Atlantic seaboard. Disputes between Great Britain and these colonies led to the American Revolution. On July 4, 1776, delegates from the 13 colonies unanimously issued the Declaration of Independence. The ensuing war ended in 1783 with the recognition of independence of the United States from the Kingdom of Great Britain, and was the first successful war of independence against a European colonial empire. The current Constitution was adopted on September 17, 1787. The first 10 amendments, collectively named the Bill of Rights, were ratified in 1791 and guarantee many fundamental civil rights and freedoms.
/m/01_qp_	Dark wave or darkwave is a music genre that began in the late 1970s, coinciding with the popularity of new wave and post-punk. Building on those basic principles, dark wave added dark, introspective lyrics and an undertone of sorrow for some bands. In the 1980s, a subculture developed alongside dark wave music, whose members were called \"wavers\" or \"dark wavers\".
/m/0lkr7	Nicholas King \"Nick\" Nolte is an American actor. His films include The Deep, 48 Hrs., Down and Out in Beverly Hills, Another 48 Hrs., The Prince of Tides, Cape Fear, Lorenzo's Oil, Affliction, The Thin Red Line, Hulk, The Good Thief, and Warrior. He has been nominated for three Academy Awards, twice for Best Actor and once for Best Supporting Actor. Currently, Nolte is starring in a biopic about Jerry Sandusky, a former Penn State University defensive coordinator. The film is set during the Christmas holiday, and is slated to be titled \"Santadusky.\"
/m/02p7pxx	Turn-based tactics, or tactical turn-based, is a computer and video game genre of strategy video games that through stop-action simulates the considerations and circumstances of operational warfare and military tactics in generally small-scale confrontations as opposed to more strategic considerations of turn-based strategy games.\nTurn-based tactical gameplay is characterized by the expectation of players to complete their tasks using only the combat forces provided to them, and usually by the provision of a realistic representation of military tactics and operations.
/m/0bjv6	Macedonia, officially the Republic of Macedonia, is a country located in the central Balkan peninsula in Southeast Europe. It is one of the successor states of the former Yugoslavia, from which it declared independence in 1991. It became a member of the United Nations in 1993 but, as a result of a dispute with Greece over its name, it was admitted under the provisional reference of the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, sometimes abbreviated as FYROM.\nA landlocked country, the Republic of Macedonia is bordered by Kosovo to the northwest, Serbia to the north, Bulgaria to the east, Greece to the south, and Albania to the west. It constitutes approximately the northwestern third of the larger geographical region of Macedonia, which also comprises the neighbouring parts of northern Greece and a smaller portion in Bulgaria. The country's capital is Skopje, with 506,926 inhabitants according to the 2002 census. Other cities include Bitola, Kumanovo, Prilep, Tetovo, Ohrid, Veles, Štip, Kočani, Gostivar, Kavadarci and Strumica. It has more than 50 lakes and sixteen mountains higher than 2,000 m. Macedonia is a member of the UN and the Council of Europe. Since December 2005 it has also been a candidate for joining the European Union and has applied for NATO membership.
/m/0cdw6	Halifax is a Minster town, within the Metropolitan Borough of Calderdale in West Yorkshire, England. It has an urban area population of 82,056 in the 2001 Census. It is well known as a centre of England's woollen manufacture from the 15th century onward, originally dealing through the Halifax Piece Hall. Halifax is known for its Mackintosh chocolate and toffee, the Halifax bank, and the nearby Shibden Hall.
/m/04_bfq	Delfino Pescara 1936, simply known as Pescara Calcio or just Pescara, is an Italian football club based in Pescara, Abruzzo.\nThe club was formed in 1936 and currently plays in Italian Serie B. Pescara has competed in six seasons in Serie A, 1977–78, 1979–80, 1987–88, 1988–89, 1992–93, 2012–13). The team's official colors are white and light blue.
/m/03hdz8	Claremont McKenna College is a private, coeducational liberal arts college and a member of the Claremont Colleges located in Claremont, California, United States. The college is highly selective, with an admission rate of 11.7% in 2013.\nFounded as a men's college in 1946, CMC became co-educational in 1976. Its 69-acre campus is located 35 miles east of Downtown Los Angeles. The college focuses primarily on undergraduate education, but in 2007 it established the Robert Day School of Economics and Finance, which offers a masters program in finance. As of 2013, there are 1,254 undergraduate students and 20 graduate students.
/m/0f3nn	Lorenz Milton Hart was the lyricist half of the Broadway songwriting team Rodgers and Hart. Some of his more famous lyrics include \"Blue Moon,\" \"Mountain Greenery,\" \"The Lady Is a Tramp,\" \"Manhattan,\" \"Where or When,\" \"Bewitched, Bothered, and Bewildered,\" \"Falling in Love with Love,\" \"My Funny Valentine,\" \"I Could Write a Book\", \"This Can't Be Love\", \"With a Song in My Heart\", \"It Never Entered My Mind\", and \"Isn't It Romantic?\".
/m/01x15dc	Mike Piersante is a recording engineer and mixer.
/m/01jng9	Johor is a Malaysian state, located in the southern portion of Peninsular Malaysia. It is one of the most developed states in Malaysia. The state capital city and royal city of Johor is Johor Bahru, formerly known as Tanjung Puteri and Muar respectively. The old state capital is Johor Lama.\nJohor is surrounded by Pahang to the north, Malacca and Negeri Sembilan to the northwest, and the Straits of Johor to the south which separates Johor and the Republic of Singapore. The state also shares a maritime border with the Riau Archipelago from the east and Riau mainland on the west by the South China Sea and the Strait of Malacca respectively, both of Indonesian territories.\nJohor is also known by its Arabic honorific, Darul Ta'zim, or \"Abode of Dignity\", and as Johore in English.
/m/02ql_ms	Kota Srinivasa Rao is an Indian film actor in Telugu Cinema. He is known for his negative roles, character roles and comedy timing in Telugu films. He also served as an MLA from Vijayawada East assembly constituency in Andhra Pradesh, India from 1999-2004.
/m/0rgxp	Wilmington is the largest city in the state of Delaware, United States, and is located at the confluence of the Christina River and Brandywine Creek, near where the Christina flows into the Delaware River. It is the county seat of New Castle County and one of the major cities in the Delaware Valley metropolitan area. Wilmington was named by Proprietor Thomas Penn after his friend Spencer Compton, Earl of Wilmington, who was prime minister in the reign of George II of Great Britain.\nAccording to the 2010 census, the population of the city is 70,851, a decrease of 2.4% from 2000.
/m/06czq	Raggamuffin music, usually abbreviated as ragga, is a sub-genre of dancehall music or reggae, in which the instrumentation primarily consists of electronic music. Similar to hip hop, sampling often serves a prominent role in raggamuffin music.\nIn the mid-1980s, French Antilles Kassav, the first in the Caribbean to use MIDI technology, took Caribbean music to another level by recording in a digital format. Wayne Smith's \"Under Me Sleng Teng\" was produced by King Jammy in 1985 on a Casio MT-40 synthesizer and is generally recognized as the seminal ragga song. \"Sleng Teng\" boosted Jammy's popularity immensely, and other producers quickly released their own versions of the riddim, accompanied by dozens of different vocalists.\nRagga is now mainly used as a synonym for dancehall reggae or for describing dancehall with a deejay chatting rather than singjaying or singing on top of the riddim.
/m/043gj	Marion Mitchell Morrison, better known by his stage name John Wayne, was an American film actor, director and producer. An Academy Award-winner, Wayne was among the top box office draws for three decades. An enduring American icon, he epitomized rugged masculinity and is famous for his demeanor, including his distinctive calm voice, walk, and height.\nWayne was born in Winterset, Iowa but his family relocated to the greater Los Angeles area when he was four years old. He found work at local film studios when he lost his football scholarship to USC as a result of a bodysurfing accident. Initially working for the Fox Film Corporation, he mostly appeared in small bit parts. His first leading role came in the widescreen epic The Big Trail, which led to leading roles in numerous films throughout the 1930s, many of them in the western genre. His career rose to further heights in 1939, with John Ford's Stagecoach making him an instant superstar. Wayne would go on to star in 142 pictures, primarily typecast in Western films.\nAmong his best known later films are The Quiet Man, which follows him as an Irish-American boxer and his love affair with a fiery spinster played by Maureen O'Hara; The Searchers, in which he plays a Civil War veteran who seeks out his abducted niece, played by Natalie Wood, in order to murder her for having lived with a Native American; Rio Bravo, playing a Sheriff with Dean Martin; The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance, portraying a gunslinging rancher competing with Eastern lawyer James Stewart for a woman's hand in marriage; True Grit, playing a humorous U.S. Marshal who sets out to avenge a man's death in the role that won Wayne an Academy Award; and The Shootist, his final screen performance, in which he plays an aging gunfighter battling cancer.
/m/0283_zv	The Hustler is a 1961 American drama film directed by Robert Rossen from the 1959 novel of the same name he and Sidney Carroll adapted for the screen. It tells the story of small-time pool hustler \"Fast Eddie\" Felson and his desire to prove himself the best player in the country by beating legendary pool player \"Minnesota Fats.\" After initially losing to Fats and getting involved with unscrupulous manager Bert Gordon, Eddie returns to beat Fats, but only after paying a terrible personal price.\nThe film was shot on location in New York City. It stars Paul Newman as Eddie Felson, Jackie Gleason as Minnesota Fats, Piper Laurie as Sarah, and George C. Scott as Bert.\nThe Hustler was a major critical and popular success, gaining a reputation as a modern classic. Its exploration of winning, losing, and character garnered a number of major awards; it is also credited with helping to spark a resurgence in the popularity of pool. Real-life pool player Rudolf Wanderone, known at the time as \"New York Fats\" and \"Chicago Fats\", claimed to be the real life inspiration for Gleason's character, Minnesota Fats, and adopted the name as his own.
/m/01v8y9	The acoustic bass guitar is a bass instrument with a hollow wooden body similar to, though usually somewhat larger than a steel-string acoustic guitar. Like the traditional electric bass guitar and the double bass, the acoustic bass guitar commonly has four strings, which are normally tuned E-A-D-G, an octave below the lowest four strings of the 6-string guitar, which is the same tuning pitch as an electric bass guitar.\nBecause it can sometimes be difficult to hear an acoustic bass guitar without an amplifier, even in settings with other acoustic instruments, most acoustic basses have pickups, either magnetic or piezoelectric or both, so that they can be amplified with a bass amp.\nTraditional music of Mexico features several varieties of acoustic bass guitars, such as the guitarrón, a very large, deep-bodied Mexican 6-string acoustic bass guitar played in Mariachi bands, the león, plucked with a pick, and the bajo sexto, with six pairs of strings.
/m/06g2d1	Terrence Dashon Howard is an American actor and singer. Having his first major role in the 1995 film Mr. Holland's Opus, Howard broke into the mainstream with a succession of television and film roles between 2004 and 2006. He was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor for his role in Hustle & Flow. Howard has had prominent roles in many other movies including Winnie, Ray, Lackawanna Blues, Crash, Four Brothers, Get Rich or Die Tryin', Idlewild, August Rush and The Brave One. Howard co-starred in Iron Man and reprised the role in the video game adaptation.\nHis debut album, Shine Through It, was released in September 2008.
/m/03kbb8	Bryce Dallas Howard is an American film actress, writer and director. The daughter of director Ron Howard, she made her acting debut in her father's film Parenthood and went on to have small roles in films and make stage appearances for the next several years. During this time she also attended New York University's Tisch School of the Arts, later getting a BFA and went to drama schools. After she came to the attention of M. Night Shyamalan, he cast her in what would be her breakout film, The Village and then in Lady in the Water. Her performance in As You Like It earned her a Golden Globe Award nomination.\nHoward became more recognizable to audiences as Gwen Stacy in Spider-Man 3 and as Victoria in The Twilight Saga: Eclipse. Those two projects, as well as Terminator Salvation, are among her most financially successful movies, but all three garnered mixed reviews from the press. Her most recent films are The Help and 50/50, both of which were critical and box office successes.
/m/0342vg	Johnnie To, also known as To Kei-Fung, is a Hong Kong film director and producer. Popular in his native Hong Kong, To has also found acclaim overseas. Intensely prolific, To has made films in a variety of genres, though in the West he is best known for his action and crime movies, which have earned him critical respect and a cult following.\nTo's biggest international successes include Breaking News, Election, Election 2, Exiled, Mad Detective and Drug War; these films have multiple international film festival appearances, been distributed theatrically in France and the United States, and been widely sold to foreign countries.\nHis films, often made in collaboration with the same group of actors, screenwriters and cinematographers, frequently explore themes of friendship, fate and the changing face of Hong Kong society. Sometimes described as \"multifaceted and chameleonic\" due to his ability to switch tones and genres between movies, To is nonetheless seen as having a consistent style, which involves mixing subdued realism and social observation with highly stylized visual and acting elements.
/m/02x0bdb	William T. Orr was an American television producer associated with a series of western and detective programs of the 1950s-1970s.\nOrr began his career as an actor; his film credits included The Mortal Storm, The Gay Sisters, and The Big Street.\nDuring World War II he was an officer in the Army Air Force. He was assigned to the First Motion Picture Unit.\nAs the first head of Warner Bros. Television department, Orr forged a fruitful alliance with ABC, which resulted in the network having a number of prime time hits, such as Maverick, 77 Sunset Strip, and F Troop. At the height of this relationship in the early 1960s, Orr had nine programs in prime time simultaneously.\nOf these, though, no program was more significant than one of his earliest, Cheyenne. It was a groundbreaking series that was both the first hour-long western and the first series of any kind made by a major Hollywood film studio consisting entirely of content wholly exclusive to television.\nA curator at the Museum of Television and Radio once encapsulated Orr's importance to Warner Bros. by saying, \"Television began as a step-child. But because of Orr, it became equal with film in creating revenue and jobs for the studio.\" One of the key reforms he made to effect this change was to move Warner's nascent television department from cramped quarters in New York City to Los Angeles studios separate from the film division.
/m/0h9c	An astronomer is a scientist who studies celestial bodies such as black holes, moons, planets, stars, nebulae, and galaxies, as well as Gamma-ray bursts and cosmic microwave background radiation. A related but distinct subject, cosmology, is concerned with studying the universe as a whole. An astronomer researches the world beyond earth.\nHistorically, astronomy was more concerned with the classification and description of phenomena in the sky, while astrophysics attempted to explain these phenomena and the differences between them using physical laws. Today, that distinction has mostly disappeared and the terms \"astronomer\" and \"astrophysicist\" are interchangeable. Professional astronomers are highly educated individuals who typically have a PhD in physics or astronomy and are employed by research institutions or universities. They spend the majority of their time working on research, although they quite often have other duties such as teaching, building instruments, or aiding in the operation of an observatory. The number of professional astronomers in the United States is actually quite small. The American Astronomical Society, which is the major organization of professional astronomers in North America, has approximately 7,700 members. This number includes scientists from other fields such as physics, geology, and engineering, whose research interests are closely related to astronomy. The International Astronomical Union comprises almost 10,145 members from 70 different countries who are involved in astronomical research at the PhD level and beyond.
/m/02psvcf	Liver failure is the inability of the liver to perform its normal synthetic and metabolic function as part of normal physiology. Two forms are recognised, acute and chronic.
/m/03n6r	Humphrey DeForest Bogart was an American actor and is widely regarded as an American cultural icon. In 1999, the American Film Institute ranked Bogart as the greatest male star in the history of American cinema.\nAfter trying various jobs, Bogart began acting in 1921 and became a regular in Broadway productions in the 1920s and 1930s. When the stock market crash of 1929 reduced the demand for plays, Bogart turned to film. His first great success was as Duke Mantee in The Petrified Forest, and this led to a period of typecasting as a gangster with films such as Angels with Dirty Faces and B-movies like The Return of Doctor X.\nBogart's breakthrough as a leading man came in 1941, with High Sierra and The Maltese Falcon. The next year, his performance in Casablanca raised him to the peak of his profession and, at the same time, cemented his trademark film persona, that of the hard-boiled cynic who ultimately shows his noble side. Other successes followed, including To Have and Have Not; The Big Sleep; Dark Passage and Key Largo, with his wife Lauren Bacall; and The Treasure of the Sierra Madre; In a Lonely Place; The African Queen, for which he won his only Academy Award; Sabrina; and The Caine Mutiny. His last movie was The Harder They Fall. During a film career of almost 30 years, he appeared in 75 feature films.
/m/05jt_	Nu metal is a music genre part of heavy metal. It is a fusion music genre which combines metal music with genres such as hip hop and grunge. It is classed as part of alternative metal.
/m/03tps5	Meet the Fockers is a 2004 American comedy film directed by Jay Roach and the sequel to Meet the Parents. The film stars Robert De Niro, Ben Stiller, Dustin Hoffman, Barbra Streisand, Blythe Danner and Teri Polo. It was followed by a sequel, Little Fockers, in 2010.
/m/0gpx6	All About My Mother is a 1999 Spanish-French comedy-drama film written and directed by Pedro Almodóvar. The film deals with complex issues such as AIDS, homosexuality, transsexualism, faith, and existentialism.\nThe plot originates in Almodóvar's earlier film The Flower of My Secret which shows student doctors being trained in how to persuade grieving relatives to allow organs to be used for transplant, focusing on the mother of a teenager killed in a road accident.
/m/03yf5g	Carlos Humberto Ruiz Gutiérrez, initially nicknamed El Pescadito but gradually known as just Pescado or \"Fish\", is a Guatemalan footballer who last played for D.C. United in the Major League Soccer.\nA product of CSD Municipal's \"cantera\", Ruiz has also played for four Major League Soccer clubs, scoring 87 goals in 168 MLS regular season matches and 16 goals in the post-season, which is the record for the most post-season goals in MLS history. In 2002, he was named the MLS' Most Valuable Player of the season.\nRuiz was also been a member of the Guatemalan national team beginning in 1998, later becoming its captain and all-time top scorer, and being part of four World Cup qualification processes. As of 2012 he has retired from international play.
/m/03qmx_f	Andrew D. M. Harries is a British television and film producer. After graduating from Hull University in the 1970s, Harries began his television career on the Granada Television current affairs series World in Action, before moving on to freelance work. He directed and produced programmes for Jonathan Ross's Channel X production company in the 1980s, before being appointed controller of the newly created comedy department at Granada in 1992. Over the next decade he produced and executive produced several critically acclaimed series, including The Royle Family, Cold Feet and The Grimleys.\nIn 2000 his portfolio was expanded to include Granada's drama productions. He worked on the revivals of Prime Suspect and Cracker, as well as the BAFTA-winning television play The Deal. In 2004 he began work producing The Queen, which was released to critical acclaim in 2006. Though he had spent 14 years with Granada, part of the ITV network, he became increasingly dissatisfied with the management of ITV after its corporate merger in 2003, and publicly criticized the network in 2006. He announced he would not be renewing his contract and departed in 2007 to form Left Bank Pictures. Since 2007, Left Bank has produced the television series Wallander, Strike Back, Married Single Other, the feature film The Damned United, and has several more television series in development.
/m/0330r	Frasier is an American sitcom that was broadcast on NBC for eleven seasons from September 16, 1993, to May 13, 2004. The program was created and produced by David Angell, Peter Casey, and David Lee in association with Grammnet and Paramount Network Television.\nA spin-off of Cheers, Frasier starred Kelsey Grammer, David Hyde Pierce, John Mahoney, Jane Leeves, Peri Gilpin, and Moose. It was one of the most successful spin-off series in television history, as well as one of the most critically acclaimed comedy series.
/m/02x201b	The Academy Award for Best Original Musical is a category still in the Academy rulebooks, but cannot be awarded unless \"the field of eligible submissions is determined to be of sufficient quantity and quality to justify award competition.\"\nAccording to the rules the Best Original Musical is defined as this: \"An original musical consists of not fewer than five original songs by the same writer or team of writers either used as voiceovers or visually performed. Each of these songs must be substantively rendered, clearly audible, intelligible, and must further the storyline of the motion picture. An arbitrary group of songs unessential to the storyline will not be considered eligible.\"\nThis award has never been presented under its current name. The last time Best Original Song Score was awarded was at the 57th Academy Awards ceremony to Purple Rain.
/m/0l_n1	Bethel Census Area is a census area located in the U.S. state of Alaska. As of the 2010 census, the population is 17,013. It is part of the unorganized borough and therefore has no borough seat. Its largest community by far is the city of Bethel, which also the largest city in the entire Unorganized Borough.
/m/0fs44	Rabat is the capital and fifth largest city of Morocco with an urban population of approximately 620,000 and a metropolitan population of over 1.2 million. It is also the capital of the Rabat-Salé-Zemmour-Zaer administrative region.\nThe city is located on the Atlantic Ocean at the mouth of the river Bou Regreg. On the facing shore of the river lies Salé, the city's main commuter town. Rabat, Temara, and Salé form together a conurbation of over 1.8 million people. Silt-related problems have diminished Rabat's role as a port; however, Rabat and Salé still maintain important textile, food processing and construction industries. In addition, tourism and the presence of all foreign embassies in Morocco serve to make Rabat one of the most important cities in the country.\nRabat is accessible by train through the ONCF system and by plane through the nearby Rabat-Salé Airport.\nThe Moroccan capital was recently awarded second place in \"Top Travel Destinations of 2013\" by CNN.
/m/01lbcqx	Casino Royale is a 1967 spy comedy film originally produced by Columbia Pictures starring an ensemble cast of directors and actors. It is loosely based on Ian Fleming's first James Bond novel. The film stars David Niven as the \"original\" Bond, Sir James Bond 007. Forced out of retirement to investigate the deaths and disappearances of international spies, he soon battles the mysterious Dr. Noah and SMERSH.\nThe film's slogan: \"Casino Royale is too much... for one James Bond!\" refers to Bond's ruse to mislead SMERSH in which six other agents are pretending to be \"James Bond\", namely, Baccarat master Evelyn Tremble; millionaire spy Vesper Lynd; Bond's secretary Miss Moneypenny; Bond's daughter with Mata Hari, Mata Bond; and British agents \"Coop\" and \"The Detainer\".\nCharles K. Feldman, the producer, had acquired the film rights and had attempted to get Casino Royale made as an Eon Productions Bond film; however, Feldman and the producers of the Eon series, Albert R. Broccoli and Harry Saltzman, failed to come to terms. Believing that he could not compete with the Eon series, Feldman resolved to produce the film as a satire.
/m/05fgr_	Project Runway is an American reality television series on Lifetime, previously on the Bravo network, created by Eli Holzman which focuses on fashion design and is hosted by model Heidi Klum. The contestants compete with each other to create the best clothes and are restricted in time, materials and theme. Their designs are judged, and one or more designers are eliminated each week.\nOn July 4, 2006, the show's producers, The Weinstein Company, announced a five-year deal that would relocate the show to Lifetime, beginning with Season 6. In response, NBCUniversal filed a lawsuit against the Weinstein Company for violating its contract rights. A September 2008 court decision granted NBCU's request for an injunction, preventing Lifetime from promoting or exhibiting \"Runway\" until further notice.\nOn April 1, 2009, the lawsuit between The Weinstein Company and NBCUniversal was settled, with Weinstein agreeing to pay NBC an undisclosed sum for the right to move the show to Lifetime. Season 6 began airing on Lifetime on August 20, 2009. On August 27, 2009, NBC Universal wound up gaining partial ownership of Lifetime, when A&E Television Networks, which was already partially owned by NBC, acquired the channel's parent company, Lifetime Entertainment Services. It premiered on the Slice channel in Canada on September 12.
/m/02pq_x5	The 2005 First-Year Player Draft, Major League Baseball's annual amateur draft, was held on June 7 and 8. It was conducted via conference call with representatives from each of the league's 30 teams. It is widely considered to be one of the best drafts in recent memory.\nSource: Major League Baseball 2005 Official Draft Site
/m/03n0pv	Richard Morton Sherman is an American songwriter who specialized in musical film with his late brother Robert Bernard Sherman.\nSome of the Sherman Brothers' best-known writing includes the songs from Mary Poppins, The Jungle Book, Winnie the Pooh, Chitty Chitty Bang Bang, The Slipper and the Rose, and the Disney theme park song \"It's a Small World\".
/m/0g53gd7	Ridge Forrester is a fictional character from the CBS Daytime soap opera, The Bold and the Beautiful. The character was introduced in the series premiere on March 23, 1987 and has been a regular fixture ever since. Ronn Moss played the role since the beginning, and was one of four remaining original cast members for 25 years, along with Susan Flannery, John McCook and Katherine Kelly Lang. Lane Davies briefly replaced Moss for a small amount of time in 1992. However, Moss departed in 2012. The character's fate is uncertain, although head-writer Bradley Bell confirmed in an interview with Michael Logan of TV Guide that he had plans for a recast should Moss choose not to return to the series. In October 2013, TV Guide's Michael Logan reported that the role of Ridge was recast with former All My Children actor, Thorsten Kaye. Kaye made his first appearance as Ridge on December 13, 2013.
/m/01cw7s	The Grammy Award for Best Female R&B Vocal Performance was an honor presented at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards, to female recording artists for quality R&B songs. Awards in several categories are distributed annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position.\"\nAccording to the category description guide for the 52nd Grammy Awards, the award was presented to artists that performed \"newly recorded solo R&B vocal performances\". Solo numbers by members of an established group were not eligible for the award as \"separate entries from the duo or group performances.\" Albums were also considered for the accolade until 1992.\nAs a part of the major overhaul of Grammy categories, the award was discontinued in 2011. The Female R&B Vocal Performance category, Male R&B Vocal Performance category and all duo/group vocal performances in the R&B category will be shifted to the newly formed Best R&B Performance category.
/m/013q07	Austin Powers in Goldmember is a 2002 American spy comedy film. It is the third and final installment of the Austin Powers film series starring Mike Myers in the title role. The movie was directed by Jay Roach, and co-written by Mike Myers and Michael McCullers. Myers also plays the roles of Dr. Evil, Goldmember, and Fat Bastard. The movie co-stars Beyoncé Knowles, Robert Wagner, Seth Green, Michael York, Verne Troyer, Michael Caine, Mindy Sterling and Fred Savage. There are a number of cameo appearances including Steven Spielberg, Kevin Spacey, Britney Spears, Quincy Jones, Tom Cruise, Danny DeVito, Katie Couric, Gwyneth Paltrow, John Travolta, Nathan Lane, and The Osbournes.\nIn a self-parody of the Austin Powers series, there is a film within the film in the opening. Austin Powers is featured in a bio-pic called Austinpussy directed by Steven Spielberg and starring Tom Cruise as Austin Powers, Gwyneth Paltrow as Dixie Normous, Kevin Spacey as Dr. Evil, Danny DeVito as Mini-Me, and John Travolta as Goldmember.\nGoldmember is a loose parody of the James Bond films, Goldfinger and You Only Live Twice, also incorporating elements of The Spy Who Loved Me, Live and Let Die, The Man with the Golden Gun and GoldenEye. The film took in approximately $296.6 million from movie tickets worldwide.
/m/0b_fw	Antonio Rodolfo Quinn Oaxaca, more commonly known as Anthony Quinn, was a Mexican actor, as well as a painter and writer. He starred in numerous critically acclaimed and commercially successful films, including La Strada, The Guns of Navarone, Lawrence of Arabia, Zorba the Greek, Guns for San Sebastian, The Message and Lion of the Desert. He won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor twice: for Viva Zapata! in 1952 and Lust for Life in 1956.
/m/021wpb	A character actor is an actor who mostly plays unusual or eccentric characters. Some character actors have distinctive voices or accents that limit their roles, while others develop careers because of specific talents that are required in genre films, such as dancing, horsemanship or, swimming ability.\nThe earliest known use of the term character actor is in the 9 November 1883 edition of The Stage, which defined it as \"one who portrays individualities and eccentricities, as opposed to the legitimate actor who [...] endeavours to create the rôle as limned by the author.\"
/m/046br4	Club de Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata, also known simply as Gimnasia or the acronym GELP, is a professional Argentine sports club based in the city of La Plata, Buenos Aires Province. Founded in 1887 as Club de Gimnasia y Esgrima, the club is mostly known for its football team, which currently plays in the Primera División, the first division of the Argentine football league system.\nGimnasia y Esgrima secured promotion to Primera División on May, 2013, after defeating Instituto de Córdoba by 2-0 with three fixtures remaining for the end of the championship.
/m/0kz4w	Bologna Football Club 1909, known simply as Bologna, is an Italian Football League club based in Bologna, Emilia-Romagna, formed in 1909. The club are nicknamed the rossoblù due to the red-and-blue striped shirts which they wear, which are also the official colours of the city.\nBologna were a founding member of Serie A in 1929. During its history, the club has won the Italian league championship seven times, making them the sixth most successful team in the history of the league.
/m/05wh0sh	Vladimir Ilyich Lenin was a Russian communist revolutionary, politician and political theorist. He served as the leader of the Russian SFSR from 1917, and then concurrently as Premier of the Soviet Union from 1922, until his death. Politically a Marxist, his theoretical contributions to Marxist thought are known as Leninism, which coupled with Marxian economic theory have collectively come to be known as Marxism–Leninism.\nBorn to a wealthy middle-class family in Simbirsk, Lenin gained an interest in revolutionary leftist politics following the execution of his brother in 1887. Briefly attending the Kazan State University, he was ejected for his involvement in anti-Tsarist protests, devoting the following years to gaining a law degree and to radical politics, becoming a Marxist. In 1893 he moved to Saint Petersburg, becoming a senior figure within the Russian Social Democratic Labour Party. Arrested for sedition and exiled to Siberia for three years, he married Nadezhda Krupskaya, and fled to Western Europe, living in Germany, France, England, and Switzerland and becoming known as a prominent party theorist. In 1903, he took a key role in the RSDLP schism, leading the Bolshevik faction against Julius Martov's Mensheviks. Briefly returning to Russia during the Revolution of 1905, he encouraged violent insurrection, later campaigning for the First World War to be transformed into a Europe-wide proletariat revolution. He returned to Russia following the February Revolution of 1917, in which the Tsar was overthrown and a provisional government took power.
/m/051cc	Martin Luther King, Jr. was an American pastor, activist, humanitarian, and leader in the African-American Civil Rights Movement. He is best known for his role in the advancement of civil rights using nonviolent civil disobedience based on his Christian beliefs.\nHe was born Michael King, but his father changed his name in honor of German reformer Martin Luther. A Baptist minister, King became a civil rights activist early in his career. He led the 1955 Montgomery Bus Boycott and helped found the Southern Christian Leadership Conference in 1957, serving as its first president. With the SCLC, King led an unsuccessful struggle against segregation in Albany, Georgia, in 1962, and organized nonviolent protests in Birmingham, Alabama, that attracted national attention following television news coverage of the brutal police response. King also helped to organize the 1963 March on Washington, where he delivered his \"I Have a Dream\" speech. There, he established his reputation as one of the greatest orators in American history. J. Edgar Hoover considered him a radical and made him an object of the Federal Bureau of Investigation's COINTELPRO for the rest of his life. FBI agents investigated him for possible communist ties, recorded his extramarital liaisons and reported on them to government officials, and on one occasion, mailed King a threatening anonymous letter which he interpreted as an attempt to make him commit suicide.
/m/01pbwwl	Anthony George Newley was an English actor, singer and songwriter. Newley achieved success as a performer in such diverse fields as rock and roll and stage and screen acting. As a recording artist he enjoyed a dozen Top 40 entries on the UK Singles Chart between 1959 and 1962, including two number one hits. With songwriting partner Leslie Bricusse, Newley penned \"Feeling Good\", which was popularised by Nina Simone and covered by many other popular artists; as well as the title song of 1964 film Goldfinger. Bricusse and Newley received an Academy Award nomination for the film score of Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory.\nNewley was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 1989.
/m/06ztwyd	Band Hero is a spinoff video game as part of the Guitar Hero series of music rhythm games, released by Activision on November 3, 2009, for the PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii and Nintendo DS consoles. The game is structurally similar to Guitar Hero 5, and supports full band play including the drop-in/drop-out and in-song instrument and difficulty change menus, and additional multiplayer modes as Guitar Hero 5. The console versions use instrument-shaped game controllers, while the DS version uses either the \"Guitar Grip\" introduced with the Guitar Hero: On Tour series or a new Drum Skin that comes with the game. Like previous games, virtual avatars of Taylor Swift, Adam Levine, and the band No Doubt are presented in the game.\nBand Hero received mixed reviews from journalists. Some considered the game to be an appropriately flavored version of Guitar Hero 5 for the \"Top 40\" pop rock hits, while others felt the game was strictly aimed at teenagers. They also contested the cost of the full game, featuring only 65 songs compared with 85 songs in Guitar Hero 5, and considered if the content would have been better in downloadable form. A day after the game's release, the band No Doubt sued Activision, citing similar misuse of their avatars as the Kurt Cobain avatar in Guitar Hero 5.
/m/0144l1	Peter Dennis Blandford \"Pete\" Townshend is an English musician, singer, and songwriter, known principally as the guitarist and songwriter for the rock group The Who. His career with The Who spans 50 years, during which time the band grew to be considered one of the most influential bands of the 1960s and 1970s.\nTownshend is the primary songwriter for The Who, having written well over 100 songs for the band's 11 studio albums, including concept albums and the rock operas Tommy and Quadrophenia, plus popular rock and roll radio staples such as Who's Next, and dozens more that appeared as non-album singles, bonus tracks on reissues, and tracks on rarities compilations such as Odds & Sods. He has also written over 100 songs that have appeared on his solo albums, as well as radio jingles and television theme songs. Although known primarily as a guitarist, he also plays other instruments such as keyboards, banjo, accordion, harmonica, ukulele, mandolin, violin, synthesiser, bass guitar and drums, on his own solo albums, several Who albums, and as a guest contributor to a wide array of other artists' recordings. He is self-taught on all of the instruments he plays and has never had any formal training.
/m/0db79	Clergy are some of the formal leaders within certain religions. The roles and functions of clergy vary in different religious traditions but these usually involve presiding over specific rituals and teaching their religion's doctrines and practices. Some of the terms used for individual clergy are cleric, clergyman, clergywoman, clergyperson, and churchman.\nIn Christianity the specific names and roles of clergy vary by denomination and there is a wide range of formal and informal clergy positions, including deacons, priests, bishops, preachers, pastors, and ministers. In Islam, a religious leader is often known as an imam or ayatollah. In Jewish tradition, a religious leader is often a rabbi or hazzan.
/m/04bz2f	Dehradun is the capital city of the state of Uttarakhand in the northern part of India. Located in the Garhwal region, it is 236 km north of India's capital New Delhi and is one of the \"Counter Magnets\" of the National Capital Region being developed as an alternative centre of growth to help ease the migration and population explosion in the Delhi metropolitan area. Dehradun is in the Doon Valley on the foothills of the Himalayas nestled between two of India's mightiest rivers — the Ganges on the east and the Yamuna on the west. The city is famous for its picturesque landscape and slightly milder climate and provides a gateway to the surrounding region. It is well connected and in proximity to popular Himalayan tourist destinations such as Mussoorie, Nainital and Auli and the Hindu holy cities of Haridwar and Rishikesh along with the Himalayan pilgrimage circuit of Char Dham.\nDehradun is renowned for its natural resources, publishing services and particularly for its prestigious educational institutions. It hosts some of India's best schools and training institutions of national importance such as the Indian Military Academy. It is home to national foundations such as the Ordnance Factory Dehradun and Opto Electronics Factory of the Ordnance Factories Board and the Defence Electronics Application Laboratory and Instruments Research and Development Establishment of the Defence Research and Development Organisation which manufactures products for the Indian Armed Forces. Other institutions include the Indian Institute of Petroleum, Oil and Natural Gas Corporation, University of Petroleum and Energy Studies, Survey of India, Wadia Institute Of Himalyan Geology, Indian Institute of Remote Sensing, Wildlife Institute of India and the Forest Research Institute.
/m/03czqs	Bhubaneswar, also spelt Bhubaneshwar, is the capital of the Indian state of Odisha, formerly known as Orissa. The city has a history of over 3,000 years starting with the Mahamegha-bahana Chedi dynasty which had its capital at Sisupalgarh, nearby. Bhubaneswar, derived its name from Tribhubaneswar, which literally means the Lord of the Three World, which refers to Shiva. Bhubaneswar has been known by names such as Toshali, Kalinga Nagari, Nagar Kalinga, Ekamra Kanan, Ekamra Kshetra and Mandira Malini Nagari. It is the largest city in Odisha and is a centre of economic and religious importance in Eastern India.\nWith many Hindu temples, which span the entire spectrum of Kalinga architecture, Bhubaneswar is often referred to as a Temple City of India and together with Puri and Konark it forms the Swarna Tribhuja, one of eastern India's most visited destinations.\nBhubaneswar replaced Cuttack as the capital in 1948, the year after India gained its independence from Britain. The modern city was designed by the German architect Otto Königsberger in 1946. Along with Jamshedpur and Chandigarh, it was one of modern India's first planned cities. Bhubaneswar and Cuttack are often referred to as the twin-cities of Odisha. The metropolitan area formed by the two cities had a population of 1.4 million in 2011. Bhubaneswar is categorized as a Tier-2 city. An emerging Information Technology and education hub, Bhubaneswar is one of the country's fastest developing cities.
/m/09vc4s	English Americans, also referred to as Anglo-Americans, are Americans whose ancestry originates wholly or partly in England.\nAccording to American Community Survey in 2010 data, Americans reporting English ancestry made up an estimated 9.0% of the total U.S. population, and form the third largest European ancestry group after German Americans and Irish Americans. However, demographers regard this as an undercount, as the index of inconsistency is high, and many, if not most, people from English stock have a tendency to identify simply as Americans or, if of mixed European ancestry, identify with a more recent and differentiated ethnic group. Throughout the nineteenth century, England was the largest investor in American land development, railroads, mining, cattle ranching, and heavy industry. Perhaps because English settlers gained easy acceptance, they founded few organizations dedicated to preserving the traditions of their homeland. Scotch-Irish Americans are descendants of Lowland Scots and Northern English settlers who colonized Ireland during the Plantation of Ulster in the 17th century.\nIn the 1980 United States Census, over 49 million Americans claimed English ancestry, at the time around 26.34% of the total population and largest reported group which, even today, would make them the largest ethnic group in the United States. This suggests that the current reported number is vastly underestimated.
/m/09tqx3	Prakash Rai, better known as Prakash Raj, is an Indian film actor, director, producer and television presenter, who mainly works in the South Indian film industry. He used to act in back-to-back stage shows for Rs. 300 a month in the initial stages of his career when he joined Kalakshetra, Bengaluru and he has 2,000 street theater performances to his credit.\nAfter working in the Kannada television industry and the Kannada Film Industry for a few years, he entered Tamil and Telugu film industries, through the movies Duet of K.Balachander in Tamil and Subha Lagnam in Telugu. In remembrance, he named his production company Duet Movies. Prakash is also doing many Hindi films in Bollywood.\nPrakash, besides Kannada his mother tongue, can also speak Telugu, Tamil, Malayalam, Marathi, Hindi and English with ease. This makes him the most sought after actor. He has played a variety of roles, most notably as the antagonist and of late, as a character actor. Prakash, as an actor has won a National Film Award for Best Supporting Actor in 1998 for Mani Ratnam's Iruvar and a National Film Award for Best Actor in 2009 for his role in Kanchivaram, a Tamil film directed by Priyadarshan and as a producer has won a National Film Award for Best Feature Film of the year for the Kannada film Puttakkana Highway directed by his long time theater friend B. Suresh in 2011. Prakash was also the host of Neengalum Vellalam Oru Kodi, the Tamil game show.
/m/03qkcn9	Jefferson Starship is an American rock band formed in the early 1970s by several members of the former psychedelic rock group Jefferson Airplane. The band has undergone several major changes in personnel and genres through the years while retaining the same Jefferson Starship name. The current Jefferson Starship, led by co-founder Paul Kantner, more closely resembles its original mix of psychedelic and electric folk music than the pop-driven tunes it was widely known for in the early to mid-1980s. It is not to be confused with Starship, a spin-off of the group featuring former co-lead singer Mickey Thomas that also periodically tours. The latter group is most frequently identified with the 1980s pop tunes of the Jefferson Starship.
/m/05vtw	Psychiatry is the medical specialty devoted to the study, diagnosis, treatment, and prevention of mental disorders, among which are affective, behavioural, cognitive and perceptual abnormalities. The term \"psychiatry\" was first coined by the German physician Johann Christian Reil in 1808 and literally means the 'medical treatment of the soul'. A medical doctor specializing in psychiatry is a psychiatrist.\nPsychiatric assessment typically starts with a mental status examination and the compilation of a case history. Psychological tests and physical examinations may be conducted, including on occasion the use of neuroimaging or other neurophysiological techniques. Mental disorders are diagnosed in accordance with criteria listed in diagnostic manuals such as the widely used Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, published by the American Psychiatric Association, and the International Classification of Diseases, edited and used by the World Health Organization. The fifth edition of the DSM was published in 2013, and its development was expected to be of significant interest to many medical fields.
/m/01pcz9	Portia Lee James DeGeneres, known professionally as Portia de Rossi, is an Australian-American actress, model and philanthropist, known for her roles as lawyer Nelle Porter on the television series Ally McBeal and Lindsay Fünke on the sitcom Arrested Development. She also portrayed Veronica Palmer on the ABC sitcom Better Off Ted and Olivia Lord on Nip/Tuck. She is married to American stand-up comedian, television host and actress Ellen DeGeneres.
/m/06w7v	Slide guitar is a particular method or technique for playing the guitar. The term slide refers to the motion of the slide along the strings. Instead of altering the pitch of the strings in the normal manner, an object called a \"slide\" is placed upon the string to vary its vibrating length, and pitch. This slide can then be moved along the string without lifting, creating smooth transitions in pitch and allowing wide, expressive vibrato.\nSlide guitar is most often played:\nWith the guitar in the normal position, using a slide on one of the fingers of the left hand.\nWith the guitar held horizontally, belly-up, using a metal bar called a \"steel\" held with the hand and wrist above the frets, fingers pointing away from the player's body; this is known as \"lap steel guitar\". This same technique is used to play Pedal steel guitar and the \"Dobro\" Resonator guitar used in Bluegrass music.
/m/01lfy	Copenhagen is the capital and most populous city of Denmark, with an urban population of 1,230,728 and a metropolitan population of 1,967,727. It is situated on the eastern coast of Zealand, 42 km northwest of Malmö, Sweden and 164 km northeast of Odense. The city stretches across parts of the island of Amager and also contains the enclave of Frederiksberg, a municipality in its own right.\nOriginally a Viking fishing village founded in the 10th century, Copenhagen became the capital of Denmark in the early 15th century. During the 17th century, under the reign of Christian IV, it developed into an important regional centre, consolidating its position as capital of Denmark and Norway with its institutions, defences and armed forces. After suffering from the effects of plague and fire in the 18th century, the city underwent a period of redevelopment which included the prestigious district of Frederiksstaden and cultural institutions such as the Royal Theatre and the Royal Academy of Fine Arts. After further disasters in the early 19th century when Nelson attacked the Danish fleet and bombarded the city, rebuilding during the Danish Golden Age brought a Neoclassical look to Copenhagen's architecture. Later, following the Second World War, the Finger Plan fostered the creation of housing and businesses along the five urban railway routes stretching out from the city centre.
/m/02g839	Berklee College of Music, located in Boston, Massachusetts, is the largest independent college of contemporary music in the world. Known primarily as the world's foremost institute for the study of jazz and modern American music, it also offers college-level courses in a wide range of contemporary and historic styles, including rock, flamenco, hip hop, reggae, salsa, and bluegrass. To date, 99 Berklee alumni have received 229 Grammy Awards. As of 2012, Berklee College of Music also operates a campus in Valencia, Spain.
/m/013q0p	Austin Powers: International Man of Mystery is a 1997 American action comedy film and the first installment of the Austin Powers series. It was directed by Jay Roach and written by Mike Myers, who also starred as both Austin Powers and the antagonist Dr. Evil., Powers' arch-enemy. The film co-stars Elizabeth Hurley as Vanessa Kensington, Robert Wagner as Number 2, Seth Green as Scott Evil, and Michael York as Basil Exposition. Will Ferrell, Mimi Rogers, Carrie Fisher, Tom Arnold, Rob Lowe, Christian Slater, Cheri Oteri, Neil Mullarkey and Burt Bacharach made cameo appearances alongside an uncredited cameo by MADtv star Michael McDonald, among many others.\nThe film is a parody of the James Bond films as well as other parody films that also spoof James Bond and other 1960s spy films.\nThe film, which cost US$16.5 million, opened on May 2, 1997, to positive reviews. It made a modest impact at the box office, grossing US$53 million from its North American release and about US$68 million worldwide. The film later became a hit and cult classic in the home video market and cable television, spawning two sequels, Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me and Austin Powers in Goldmember, with a fourth film in the works.
/m/030vnj	Luke Cunningham Wilson is an American actor known for his roles in films such as Idiocracy, Old School, Bottle Rocket, The Royal Tenenbaums and Legally Blonde. He is the brother of actors Andrew Wilson and Owen Wilson.\nHe was a member of the cast of the HBO television series Enlightened.
/m/01t07j	Louis Malle was an award-winning French film director, screenwriter, and producer. His film, Le Monde du silence, won the Palme d'Or and Academy Award for Best Documentary in 1956. He was also nominated multiple times for Academy Awards later in his career.\nMalle worked in both French cinema and Hollywood, and he produced both French and English language films. His most famous films include Ascenseur pour l'échafaud, Lacombe Lucien, Atlantic City, My Dinner with Andre, and Au revoir, les enfants.
/m/013t85	Pontefract is a historic market town in West Yorkshire, England, near the A1 and the M62 motorway. Historically part of the West Riding of Yorkshire, it is one of the five towns in the metropolitan borough of the City of Wakefield and has a population of 28,250. Pontefract's motto is Post mortem patris pro filio, Latin for \"After the death of the father, support the son\", a reference to English Civil War Royalist sympathies.
/m/0lb5x	Aude is a department in south-central France named after the river Aude. The local council also calls the department \"Cathar Country\".\nAude is also a frequent feminine French given name in Francophone countries, deriving initially from Aude or Oda, a wife of Bertrand, Duke of Aquitaine, and mother of Saint Hubertus's brother Eudo. Aude was the name of Roland's fiancée in the chansons de geste.
/m/0168dy	Brittany Anne Murphy-Monjack, known professionally as Brittany Murphy, was an American film and stage actress, singer, and voice artist. Murphy, a native of Atlanta, moved to Los Angeles, California as a teenager, and pursued a career in acting. Her breakthrough role was in Amy Heckerling's Clueless, followed by supporting roles in independent films such as Freeway and Bongwater. She made her stage debut in a Broadway production of Arthur Miller's A View from the Bridge in 1997, and then appeared in James Mangold's critically acclaimed drama Girl, Interrupted, as well as the satire Drop Dead Gorgeous.\nThe 2000s saw Murphy with roles in Don't Say a Word alongside Michael Douglas, and alongside Eminem in Curtis Hanson's 8 Mile, for which she gained critical recognition. Her later roles included Riding in Cars with Boys, the dark comedy crime film Spun, Uptown Girls alongside Dakota Fanning, Sin City, and Happy Feet. Murphy also voiced Luanne Platter on the animated TV series King of the Hill. Her final film, Something Wicked, has not yet been released.
/m/05d6q1	IFC Films is an American film distribution company based in New York, an offshoot of IFC owned by AMC Networks. It distributes independent films and documentaries under the IFC Films, Sundance Selects and IFC Midnight brands. It operates the IFC Center.
/m/09hgk	Charles University in Prague is the oldest and largest university in the Czech Republic. Founded in 1348, it was the first university in Central Europe. It is one of the oldest universities in Europe in continuous operation and ranks in the upper 1.5 percent of the world’s best universities.\nIts seal shows its protector Emperor Charles IV, with his coats of arms as King of the Romans and King of Bohemia, kneeling in front of St. Wenceslas, the patron saint of Bohemia. It is surrounded by the inscription, Sigillum Universitatis Scolarium Studii Pragensis.
/m/01vh08	George Richard Chamberlain is an American stage and screen actor and singer, who became a teen idol in the title role of the television show Dr. Kildare.\nSince then, he has appeared in several mini-series such as Shōgun and The Thorn Birds, many successful films, performed classical stage roles and worked in the musical theatre.
/m/0mhhw	Haut-Rhin is a department in the Alsace region of France, named after the Rhine river. Its name means Upper Rhine. Haut-Rhin is the smaller and less populated of the two departments of Alsace, although it is still densely populated compared to the rest of France.
/m/02pfymy	Bandai Namco Games Inc. is an arcade, mobile and home video game publisher, based in Japan. The company also publishes video, music and other entertainment products related to its video game IPs. It is the product of a merger between the video game development divisions of Bandai and Namco. Originally referred to in the West as Namco Bandai Games, the company was internationally renamed as Bandai Namco Games in January 2014.\nBandai Namco Games is a wholly owned subsidiary of Bandai Namco Holdings and specializes in management and sales of video games and other related entertainment products, while its Bandai Namco Studios subsidiaries specialize in the development of these products. It is the core company of Bandai Namco Group's Content Strategic Business Unit.\nIn addition to its core publisher operations in Japan, Bandai Namco Games publishes content worldwide through different entities. Bandai Namco Games America handles publishing across North America; Bandai Namco Games Europe handles publishing across Europe; Bandai Namco Games Asia handles publishing across Asia; Bandai Namco Games Australia and Bandai Namco Games New Zealand handle publishing in Oceania. The company has its headquarters in Shinagawa, Tokyo.
/m/019z7b	Consumer electronics are electronic equipment intended for everyday use, most often in entertainment, communications and office productivity.\nMain products include radio receivers, television sets, MP3 players, video recorders, DVD players, digital cameras, camcorders, personal computers, video game consoles, telephones and mobile phones. Increasingly these products have become based on digital technologies, and have largely merged with the computer industry in what is increasingly referred to as the consumerization of information technology such as those invented by Apple Inc. and MIT Media Lab.\nThe largest consumer electronics companies are mostly from United States and to lesser extent South Korea and Taiwan.\nThe latest consumer electronics are previewed yearly at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas, Nevada, at which many industry pioneers speak.
/m/0b2qtl	War and Peace is the first English-language film version of the novel War and Peace by Leo Tolstoy. It is an American/Italian version, directed by King Vidor and produced by Dino De Laurentiis and Carlo Ponti. The music score was by Nino Rota and the cinematography by Jack Cardiff. The film was made by Dino de Laurentiis Productions and distributed by Paramount Pictures.\nThe film stars Audrey Hepburn, Henry Fonda, and Mel Ferrer, along with Vittorio Gassman, Herbert Lom and Anita Ekberg, in one of her first breakthrough roles. It was awarded the Golden Globe for Best Foreign-Language Foreign Film and it had Academy Awards nominations for Best Director, Best Cinematography, Color and Best Costume Design, Color.
/m/018t8f	The Colorado College is a private liberal arts college in Colorado Springs, Colorado, United States, in the foothills of the Rocky Mountains. It was founded in 1874 by Thomas Nelson Haskell. The college enrolls approximately 2,000 undergraduates at its 90-acre campus, 70 miles south of Denver in Colorado Springs.\nColorado College is known for its unconventional \"block plan,\" which divides the year into eight academic terms called \"blocks;\" a single class is taken during each block.\nColorado College is affiliated with the Associated Colleges of the Midwest. Most sports teams are in the NCAA Division III, with the exception of Division I teams in men's hockey and women's soccer.
/m/02yy8	Franklin Delano Roosevelt, commonly known by his initials FDR, was the 32nd President of the United States. He served for 12 years and four terms, and was the only president ever to serve more than eight years. He was a central figure in world events during the mid-20th century, leading the United States during a time of worldwide economic depression and total war. A dominant leader of the Democratic Party, he built a New Deal Coalition that realigned American politics after 1932, as his New Deal domestic policies defined American liberalism for the middle third of the 20th century.\nWith the bouncy popular song \"Happy Days Are Here Again\" as his campaign theme, FDR defeated incumbent Republican Herbert Hoover in November 1932, at the depth of the Great Depression. Energized by his personal victory over polio, FDR's persistent optimism and activism contributed to a renewal of the national spirit. Assisted by key aide Harry Hopkins, he worked closely with British Prime Minister Winston Churchill and Soviet leader Joseph Stalin in leading the Allies against Nazi Germany and Japan in World War II. The war ended the depression and restored prosperity.
/m/0bxsk	Heat is a 1995 American crime film written and directed by Michael Mann. It stars Al Pacino, Robert De Niro, and Val Kilmer. De Niro plays Neil McCauley, a professional thief who leads a crew which does major robberies of armored cars and banks. Pacino plays Lt. Vincent Hanna, a veteran L.A.P.D. robbery-homicide detective who becomes obsessed with tracking down McCauley's crew.\nThe central conflict is based on the experiences of former Chicago police officer Chuck Adamson and his pursuit in the 1960s of a criminal named McCauley, after whom De Niro's character is named. Heat was a critical and commercial success, grossing $67 million in the United States and $187 million worldwide, with a budget of $60 million.
/m/0dkv90	Red Cliff is a Chinese epic war film based on the Battle of Red Cliffs and the events at the end of the Han Dynasty and immediately prior to the Three Kingdoms period in ancient China. The film was directed by John Woo, and starred Tony Leung, Takeshi Kaneshiro, Zhang Fengyi, Chang Chen, Hu Jun, Lin Chi-ling and Zhao Wei.\nWithin Asia, Red Cliff was released in two parts, totaling over four hours in length. The first part was released in July 2008 and the second in January 2009. Outside of Asia, a single two¹⁄2 hour film was released in 2009, though the two-part version was later released on DVD and Blu-ray in the United Kingdom. With an estimated budget of US$80 million, Red Cliff is the most expensive Asian-financed film to date. The first part of the film grossed US$124 million in Asia and broke the box office record previously held by Titanic in mainland China.
/m/012gq6	George Robert \"Bob\" Newhart is an American stand-up comedian and actor. Noted for his deadpan and slightly stammering delivery, Newhart came to prominence in the 1960s when his album of comedic monologues The Button-Down Mind of Bob Newhart was a worldwide bestseller and reached number one on the Billboard pop album chart—it remains the 20th best-selling comedy album in history. The follow-up album, The Button-Down Mind Strikes Back! was also a massive success, and the two albums held the Billboard number one and number two spots simultaneously.\nNewhart later went into acting, starring in two long-running and prize-winning situation comedies, first as psychologist Dr. Robert \"Bob\" Hartley on the 1970s sitcom The Bob Newhart Show and then as innkeeper Dick Loudon on the 1980s sitcom Newhart. He also had two short-lived sitcoms in the nineties titled Bob and George and Leo. Newhart also appeared in film roles such as Major Major in Catch-22 and Papa Elf in Elf. He provided the voice of Bernard in the Walt Disney animated films The Rescuers and The Rescuers Down Under. In 2004 he played the library head Judson in The Librarian and again in 2006 and 2008. In 2011, Newhart made a cameo in the film Horrible Bosses, and in 2013 he guest starred in two episodes of The Big Bang Theory, for one of which he won his first Primetime Emmy Award on September 15, 2013.
/m/09tqxt	The Critics' Choice Award for Best Animated Feature is one of the awards given to people working in the motion picture industry by the Broadcast Film Critics Association. It was first given out in 1998.
/m/09d5d5	Jeremy Jack Thomas, CBE is a British film producer, founder of the Recorded Picture Company. He was the producer of Bernardo Bertolucci's The Last Emperor, which won the 1988 Academy Award for Best Picture. In 2006 he received a European Film Award for Outstanding European Achievement in World Cinema. His father was director Ralph Thomas, while his uncle Gerald Thomas directed all of the Carry On Films.
/m/01dw4q	Teri Lynn Hatcher is an American actress, writer, presenter, and former NFL cheerleader. She is known for her television roles as Susan Mayer on the ABC comedy-drama series Desperate Housewives, and portraying Lois Lane on the ABC comedy-drama series Lois & Clark: The New Adventures of Superman. For her work on Desperate Housewives, she won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress and three Screen Actors Guild Awards, as well as a Primetime Emmy nomination.
/m/0g4vmj8	Drive is a 2011 American crime film directed by Danish director Nicolas Winding Refn, starring Ryan Gosling, Carey Mulligan, Bryan Cranston, Oscar Isaac, and Albert Brooks. It is adapted from the 2005 James Sallis novel of the same name, with a screenplay by Hossein Amini.\nLike the book, the film is about an unnamed Hollywood stunt performer who moonlights as a getaway driver. Prior to its September 2011 release, it had been shown at a number of film festivals. At the 2011 Cannes Film Festival, Drive was praised and received a standing ovation. Winding Refn won the festival's Best Director Award for the film. Reviews from critics have been positive, with many drawing comparisons to work from previous eras. The film was nominated for Best Film and Best Director at the 2012 British Academy Film Awards.
/m/012ykt	Tan Sri Michelle Yeoh Choo-Kheng, is a Malaysian actress, best known for performing her own stunts in the Hong Kong action films that brought her to fame in the early 1990s. Born in Ipoh, Malaysia, she was chosen by People magazine as one of the 50 Most Beautiful People in the World in 1997.\nShe is best known in the Western world for her roles in the 1997 James Bond film Tomorrow Never Dies, playing Wai Lin, and the multiple Academy Award-winning Chinese-language martial arts film Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, for which she was nominated the BAFTA in 2000, for Best Actress. In 2008, the film critic website Rotten Tomatoes ranked her the greatest action heroine of all time. In 2009, she was listed by People magazine – as the only Asian actress – as one of the \"35 All-Time Screen Beauties\".\nShe is credited as Michelle Khan in some of her earlier films. This alias was chosen by the D&B studio who thought it might be more marketable to international and western audiences. Yeoh later preferred using her real name.
/m/0kctd	Showtime is an American premium cable and satellite television network that serves as the flagship service of the Showtime Networks subsidiary of CBS Corporation, which also owns sister services The Movie Channel and Flix. Showtime's programming primarily includes theatrically released motion pictures and original television series, along with boxing and mixed martial arts matches, occasional stand-up comedy specials and made-for-TV movies.\nThe Showtime brand is used by a number of channels and platforms around the world, but primarily refers to the group of eight multiplex channels in the United States. As of August 2013, Showtime's programming is available to approximately 28,094,000 television households in the United States. The channel and its respective networks are headquartered at Paramount Plaza on the northern end of New York City's Broadway district.
/m/01tc9r	Howard Leslie Shore is a Canadian composer, notable for his film scores. He has composed the scores for over 80 films, most notably the scores for The Lord of the Rings film trilogy, for which he won three Academy Awards. He is also a consistent collaborator with director David Cronenberg, having scored all but one of his films since 1979.\nHe has also composed a few concert works including one opera, The Fly, based on the plot of Cronenberg's 1986 film premiered at the Théâtre du Châtelet in Paris on July 2, 2008, a short piece Fanfare for the Wanamaker Organ and the Philadelphia Orchestra, and a short overture for the Swiss 21st Century Symphony Orchestra. Howard Shore also scored for The Twilight Saga: Eclipse, the third film of the five-film series.\nShore is a three-time Academy Award winner, and has also won three Golden Globe Awards and four Grammy Awards. He is the uncle of film composer Ryan Shore. Shore serves on the Board of Trustees at his alma mater, Berklee College of Music.
/m/0b78hw	Avram Noam Chomsky is an American linguist, philosopher, cognitive scientist, logician, political commentator and activist. Sometimes described as the \"father of modern linguistics\", Chomsky is also a major figure in analytic philosophy. He has spent most of his career at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where he is currently Professor Emeritus, and has authored over 100 books. He has been described as a prominent cultural figure, and was voted the \"world's top public intellectual\" in a 2005 poll.\nBorn to a middle-class Ashkenazi Jewish family in Philadelphia, Chomsky developed an early interest in anarchism from relatives in New York City. He later undertook studies in linguistics at the University of Pennsylvania, where he obtained his BA, MA, and PhD, while from 1951 to 1955 he was appointed to Harvard University's Society of Fellows. In 1955 he began work at MIT, soon becoming a significant figure in the field of linguistics for his publications and lectures on the subject. He is credited as the creator or co-creator of the Chomsky hierarchy, the universal grammar theory, and the Chomsky–Schützenberger theorem. In 1967 he gained public attention for his vocal opposition to U.S. involvement in the Vietnam War, in part through his essay The Responsibility of Intellectuals, and came to be associated with the New Left while being arrested on multiple occasions for his anti-war activism. While expanding his work in linguistics over subsequent decades, he also developed the propaganda model of media criticism with Edward S. Herman. Following his retirement from active teaching, he has continued his vocal public activism, praising the Occupy movement for example.
/m/02t_zq	Louis Cameron Gossett, Jr. is an American actor. He is perhaps best known for his Academy Award-winning role as Gunnery Sergeant Emil Foley in the 1982 film An Officer and a Gentleman, and his Emmy Award-winning role as Fiddler in the 1977 ABC television miniseries Roots. Gossett has also starred in numerous film productions including A Raisin In The Sun, Skin Game, Travels with My Aunt, The Laughing Policeman, The Deep, Jaws 3-D, Wolfgang Peterson's Enemy Mine, the Iron Eagle series, Toy Soldiers and The Punisher, in an acting career that spans over seven decades.
/m/026v1nw	Hip hop films are motion pictures that display the aesthetics and culture of hip hop, primarily use hip hop music in the soundtrack, and/or use hip hop artists as main characters. Often hip hop films will use video clips from recorded concerts and documentaries.
/m/01pxqx	Monrovia is the capital city of the West African country of Liberia. Located on the Atlantic Coast at Cape Mesurado, it lies geographically within Montserrado County, but is administered separately. The city is governed as a metropolitan city called Greater Monrovia District, which had a population of 970,824 as of the 2008 census, containing 29% of the total population of Liberia and is the country's most populous city. Monrovia is the cultural, political and financial hub for the entire country. The body that administers the government of Greater Monrovia District is the Monrovia City Corporation.\nFounded in 1822, Monrovia is named in honor of U.S. President James Monroe, a prominent supporter of the colonization of Liberia. Along with Washington, D.C., it is one of two national capitals to be named after a U.S. President. Monrovia was founded thirty years after Freetown, Sierra Leone, the first permanent Black American settlement in Africa. The city's economy is dominated by its harbor, and government offices. Monrovia's harbor was significantly expanded by U.S. forces during the Second World War and the main exports include latex and iron ore. Materials are also manufactured on-site, such as cement, refined petroleum, food products, bricks and tiles, furniture and chemicals. Located near the confluence of the Mesurado and Saint Paul rivers, the harbor also has facilities for storing and repairing vessels.
/m/01vz0g4	Christopher George Latore Wallace, best known as The Notorious B.I.G., Biggie or Biggie Smalls, was an American rapper.\nWallace was raised in the Brooklyn borough of New York City. When he released his debut album Ready to Die in 1994, he became a central figure in the East Coast hip hop scene and increased New York's visibility in the genre at a time when West Coast hip hop was dominant in the mainstream. The following year, Wallace led his childhood friends to chart success through his protégé group, Junior M.A.F.I.A. While recording his second album, Wallace was heavily involved in the growing East Coast/West Coast hip hop feud.\nOn March 9, 1997, Wallace was killed by an unknown assailant in a drive-by shooting in Los Angeles. His double-disc set Life After Death, released 16 days later, rose to No. 1 on the U.S. album charts and was certified Diamond in 2000, one of the few hip hop albums to receive this certification. Wallace was noted for his \"loose, easy flow\", dark semi-autobiographical lyrics and storytelling abilities. Two more albums have been released since his death. He has certified sales of 17 million units in the United States.
/m/06hsk	Romanticism was an artistic, literary, and intellectual movement that originated in Europe toward the end of the 18th century and in most areas was at its peak in the approximate period from 1800 to 1850. Partly a reaction to the Industrial Revolution, it was also a revolt against the aristocratic social and political norms of the Age of Enlightenment and a reaction against the scientific rationalization of nature. It was embodied most strongly in the visual arts, music, and literature, but had a major impact on historiography, education and the natural sciences. Its effect on politics was considerable and complex; while for much of the peak Romantic period it was associated with liberalism and radicalism, its long-term effect on the growth of nationalism was probably more significant.\nThe movement validated intense emotion as an authentic source of aesthetic experience, placing new emphasis on such emotions as apprehension, horror and terror, and awe—especially that which is experienced in confronting the sublimity of untamed nature and its picturesque qualities: both new aesthetic categories. It elevated folk art and ancient custom to a noble status, made spontaneity a desirable characteristic, and argued for a \"natural\" epistemology of human activities, as conditioned by nature in the form of language and customary usage. Romanticism reached beyond the rational and Classicist ideal models to raise a revived medievalism and elements of art and narrative perceived to be authentically medieval in an attempt to escape the confines of population growth, urban sprawl, and industrialism. Romanticism embraced the exotic, the unfamiliar, and the distant in modes more authentic than Rococo chinoiserie, harnessing the power of the imagination to envision and to escape.
/m/01zh29	Shahrukh Khan, often credited as Shah Rukh Khan and informally referred as SRK, is an Indian film actor, producer, TV host, mentor and philanthropist. Referred to in the media as \"Badshah of Bollywood\" or \"King Khan\", he has appeared in more than 50 Hindi films in genres ranging from romance to action and comedies. His work in India's film industry has garnered him numerous achievements, including fourteen Filmfare Awards from thirty nominations. His eighth Filmfare Best Actor Award win made him the most awarded Bollywood actor of all time in that category, tied only with actor Dilip Kumar. He was awarded with the Padma Shri by the Government of India in 2005, and the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres by the Government of France in 2007 for his contribution to films.\nStarting his career appearing in theatre and several television series' in the late 1980s, he later made his Hindi film debut in 1992 with Deewana. Early in his career, Khan was recognised for his unconventional choice of portraying negative roles in films such as Darr, Baazigar, and Anjaam. He later rose to prominence by playing a series of roles in romantic comedies or dramas like Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge, Dil To Pagal Hai, Kuch Kuch Hota Hai and Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham. The commercial success of these films earned him the tag of \"the King of Romance\". Khan then subsequently earned wide critical appreciation for his portrayal of a NASA scientist in Swades, a hockey coach in Chak De! India, and as the titular characters in Devdas and My Name Is Khan. Thirteen of the films he has acted in, have accumulated gross earnings of over 1 billion worldwide, making him one of the most successful leading actors of Hindi cinema.
/m/02b1jf	Ebbsfleet United Football Club is an English association football club based in Northfleet, Kent. The club participates in the Conference South, the sixth tier of English football. The team plays their home matches at Stonebridge Road .\nPrior to May 2007 the club was called Gravesend & Northfleet. The club is sponsored by Adams & Moore, a Dartford firm of Audit, Tax and Business Advisors.\nBetween 2008 and 2013, the club was owned by the web-based venture MyFootballClub, whose members voted on player transfers, budgets and ticket prices among other things instead of those decisions being made exclusively by the club's management and staff as at most other clubs.
/m/0m_31	Arthel Lane \"Doc\" Watson was an American guitarist, songwriter and singer of bluegrass, folk, country, blues and gospel music. Watson won seven Grammy awards as well as a Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award. Watson's flatpicking skills and knowledge of traditional American music are highly regarded. He performed with his son Merle for over 15 years until Merle's death in 1985 in an accident on the family farm.
/m/05bkf	Nuremberg is a city in the German state of Bavaria, in the administrative region of Middle Franconia. Situated on the Pegnitz river and the Rhine–Main–Danube Canal, it is located about 170 kilometres north of Munich. It is the second-largest city in Bavaria, and is the largest in Franconia. The population as of December 2011, is 510,602, which makes it Germany's fourteenth largest city. The \"European Metropolitan Area Nuremberg\" has 3.5 million inhabitants.
/m/0c3z0	Cast Away is a 2000 American adventure drama film directed and produced by Robert Zemeckis and starring Tom Hanks as a FedEx employee stranded on an uninhabited island after his plane crashes in the South Pacific. The film depicts his attempts to survive on the island using remnants of his plane's cargo. The film was a critical and commercial success, and Hanks was nominated for Best Actor in a Leading Role at the 73rd Academy Awards for his performance.
/m/04gtdnh	Nancy Williams Watt is an American television writer. She was born in Brooklyn, NY on June 9, 1948 to Associated Press editor, Edward Williams and newswoman Sheila O'Brien Williams Barnes
/m/041ly3	Curtis Armstrong is an American actor best known for his portrayal as Booger in the Revenge of the Nerds movies, as Herbert Viola on Moonlighting, as famed record producer Ahmet Ertegün in the film Ray and for voicing the titular character in the show Dan Vs. He is also the co-host of the TBS reality television competition series King of the Nerds.
/m/0168t	The Virgin Islands, commonly known as the British Virgin Islands, is a British overseas territory located in the Caribbean to the east of Puerto Rico. The islands make up part of the Virgin Islands archipelago, the remaining islands constitute the US Virgin Islands and the Spanish Virgin Islands.\nThe official name of the Territory is still simply the \"Virgin Islands\", but the prefix \"British\" is often used to distinguish it from the neighbouring American territory which changed its name from the \"Danish West Indies\" to \"Virgin Islands of the United States\" in 1917. British Virgin Islands government publications continue to begin with the name \"The Territory of the Virgin Islands\", and the Territory's passports simply refer to the \"Virgin Islands\", and all laws begin with the words \"Virgin Islands\". Moreover, the Territory's Constitutional Commission has expressed the view that \"every effort should be made\", to encourage the use of the name \"Virgin Islands\".\nThe British Virgin Islands consist of the main islands of Tortola, Virgin Gorda, Anegada, and Jost Van Dyke, along with over fifty other smaller islands and cays. About 15 of the islands are inhabited. The capital, Road Town, is situated on Tortola, the largest island, which is approximately 20 km long and 5 km wide. The islands have a population of about 27,800, of whom approximately 23,000 live on Tortola.
/m/048z7l	American Jews, also known as Jewish Americans, are American citizens of the Jewish faith or Jewish ethnicity. The Jewish community in the United States is composed predominantly of Ashkenazi Jews and their U.S.-born descendants, making about 90% of the American Jewish population. Minority Jewish ethnic divisions are also represented, including Sephardic Jews, Mizrahi Jews, and a number of converts. The American Jewish community manifests a wide range of Jewish cultural traditions, as well as encompassing the full spectrum of Jewish religious observance.\nAmericans of Jewish descent have been disproportionately successful in many fields and aspects over the years. The Jewish community in America has gone from a lower class minority, with most studies putting upwards of 80% as manual factory laborers prior to World War I and with the majority of fields barred to them, to the consistent richest or second richest ethnicity in America for the past 40 years in terms of average annual salary, with extremely high concentrations in academia and other fields. Depending on religious definitions and varying population data, the United States is home to the largest or second largest Jewish community in the world. In 2012, the American Jewish population was estimated at between 5.5-8 million, depending on the definition of the term.
/m/05fcbk7	Legend of the Guardians: The Owls of Ga'Hoole is a 2010 Australian-American computer-animated epic fantasy-adventure film based on the Guardians of Ga'Hoole series by Kathryn Lasky. Zack Snyder directed the film as an animation debut, with Jim Sturgess, Geoffrey Rush, Emily Barclay, Helen Mirren, Ryan Kwanten, Anthony LaPaglia, and David Wenham voicing the characters.\nWarner Bros. distributed the film with the Australian companies Village Roadshow Pictures and Animal Logic, the latter having produced visual effects for Happy Feet. Production took place in Australia, and the film was released in RealD 3D and IMAX 3D on September 24, 2010.
/m/09pxc	Palermo is a city in Insular Italy, the capital of both the autonomous region of Sicily and the Province of Palermo. The city is noted for its history, culture, architecture and gastronomy, playing an important role throughout much of its existence; it is over 2,700 years old. Palermo is located in the northwest of the island of Sicily, right by the Gulf of Palermo in the Tyrrhenian Sea.\nFirst settled by various Greek tribes, the city was founded in 734 BC by the Phoenicians as Ziz. The present name is derived from the Greek Panoremus meaning 'always fit for landing in'. Palermo then became part of the Roman Republic, the Roman Empire and eventually part of the Byzantine Empire, for over a thousand years. From 831 to 1072 it was under Arab rule during the Emirate of Sicily when it first became a capital. Following the Norman reconquest, Palermo became capital of a new kingdom, the Kingdom of Sicily. Eventually it would be united with the Kingdom of Naples to form the Two Sicilies until the Italian unification of 1860.\nThe population of Palermo urban area is estimated by Eurostat to be 855,285, while its metropolitan area is the fifth most populated in Italy with around 1.2 million people. In the central area, the city has a population of around 650,000 people. The inhabitants are known as Palermitans or, poetically, panormiti. The languages spoken by its inhabitants are the Italian language and the Sicilian language, in its Palermitan variation.
/m/013_vh	Daniel Jacob Radcliffe (born 23 July 1989) is an English actor who rose to prominence playing the title character in the Harry Potter film series. Radcliffe made his acting debut at age ten in BBC One's 1999 television movie David Copperfield, followed by his film debut in 2001's The Tailor of Panama. At age eleven he was cast as the title character in the first Harry Potter film, and he starred in the series for ten years until the release of the eighth and final film in July 2011. He also began to branch out to stage acting in 2007, starring in the London and New York productions of the play Equus and in the 2011 Broadway revival of the musical How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying. In addition, he starred in 2007's December Boys and the 2012 hit horror film The Woman in Black. He will play beat poet Allen Ginsberg in 2013 indie film Kill Your Darlings. Radcliffe has contributed to many charities, including Demelza House Children's Hospice and The Trevor Project. He has also made public service announcements for the latter. In 2011, he was awarded the Trevor Project's \"Hero Award\".
/m/06z9yh	Lawrence G. \"Larry\" Cohen is an American film producer, director, and screenwriter. He is best known as a B-Movie auteur of horror and science fiction films – often containing a police procedural element – during the 1970s and 1980s. He has since concentrated mainly on screenwriting including the Joel Schumacher thriller Phone Booth, Cellular and Captivity. In 2006 Cohen returned to the directing chair for the Mick Garris-created Masters of Horror TV series; he directed the episode Pick Me Up.
/m/01b3l	The National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum is an American history museum and hall of fame, located at 25 Main Street in Cooperstown, New York, and operated by private interests. It serves as the central point for the study of the history of baseball in the United States and beyond, displays baseball-related artifacts and exhibits, and honors those who have excelled in playing, managing, and serving the sport. The Hall's motto is \"Preserving History, Honoring Excellence, Connecting Generations.\"\nThe word Cooperstown is often used as shorthand for the National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum.
/m/01dvry	Dynasty is an American prime time television soap opera that aired on ABC from January 12, 1981 to May 11, 1989. The series, created by Richard and Esther Shapiro and produced by Aaron Spelling, revolved around the Carringtons, a fictional wealthy family, residing in Denver, Colorado. The series was ABC's competitor to CBS's prime time series, Dallas, and starred John Forsythe and Linda Evans as oil magnate Blake Carrington and his new wife Krystle.\nRatings for the show's first season were low, but the fall 1981 arrival of Joan Collins as Blake's scheming ex-wife Alexis Morell Carrington saw ratings enter the top twenty. By the fall of 1982, it was a top ten show, and by the spring of 1985, it was the #1 show in the United States. Other notable cast members included Pamela Sue Martin, Lloyd Bochner, Heather Locklear, Michael Nader, Diahann Carroll, Emma Samms, Ted McGinley, Rock Hudson, Kate O'Mara and Stephanie Beacham.\nDynasty was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best TV Drama Series every year from 1981 to 1986, winning in 1984. Dynasty spawned a successful line of fashion and luxury products, and also a spin-off series called The Colbys. The series declined considerably in popularity during its final two seasons, and it was ultimately cancelled in the spring of 1989 after nine seasons and 220 episodes. A two-part mini-series, Dynasty: The Reunion, aired in October 1991.
/m/027j79k	Christopher \"Chris\" Sheridan is an American television writer, producer, and occasional voice actor. Born in the Philippines, Sheridan grew up in New Hampshire. He attended Gilford High School, where he decided that he wanted to become a writer. After graduating from Union College, he moved back to his home, where he worked at several short-term jobs before relocating to California to start his career. His first job came in 1992 when he was hired as a writer's assistant for the Fox sitcom Shaky Ground. Following that, he was hired as an assistant on Living Single, a Fox sitcom, where he was eventually promoted to writer. He stayed with the show until its cancellation in 1998.\nAfter the show was cancelled and Sheridan became unemployed, he began writing for the animated television series Family Guy. Although initially skeptical, he accepted the job as he did not have other options. Sheridan was one of the first writers hired, and has continued to write for the show through its eleventh season. For his work on Family Guy, he has been nominated for five Primetime Emmy Awards, a British Academy Television Award, and has won a DVD Exclusive Award. Sheridan has also written episodes of Titus and Yes, Dear. He is divorced and has one daughter.
/m/0mkc3	Wood County is a county located in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of the 2010 census, the population was 74,749. Its county seat is Wisconsin Rapids.\nWood County comprises the Wisconsin Rapids-Marshfield, WI Micropolitan Statistical Area and is included in the Wausau-Stevens Point-Wisconsin Rapids, WI Combined Statistical Area.
/m/02b1j1	Forest Green Rovers Football Club is an English football club based in Nailsworth, Gloucestershire, currently the longest-serving members of the Conference Premier. The club is affiliated to the Gloucestershire County FA and has EMAS status.
/m/04mqgr	The Tony Award for Best Book of a Musical is awarded to librettists of the spoken, non-sung dialogue, and storyline of a musical play. Eligibility is restricted to works with original narrative framework; plotless revues and revivals are ineligible. This award was originally called the Tony Award for Best Author, until musicals were split off from dramas.
/m/019lvv	Sport Club Corinthians Paulista, commonly known Corinthians and referred to as Timão, is a Brazilian multisport club based in Tatuapé, a bairro in the city of São Paulo. Although they compete in a number of different sports, Corinthians is mostly known for its association football team. It plays in the Paulistão, the State of São Paulo's premier state league, as well as the Brasileirão, the top tier of the Brazilian football league system. Corinthians are the reigning Recopa and Paulista club champions, having won the 2013 Recopa Sudamericana and the 2013 Paulistão.\nThe club was founded in 1910 by five railway workers from the bairro nobre of Bom Retiro, who became impressed by the performances of London-based club Corinthian Football Club, electing Miguel Battaglia as the club's first president. Since then, Corinthians became one of Brazil's most successful clubs, having won the Brasileirão on five occasions. The Timão also contain in their laurels three Copa do Brasil trophies, one Supercopa do Brasil, two FIFA Club World Cup, one Copa Libertadores and one Recopa Sudamericana. They have also won the Campeonato Paulista 27 times and the Torneio Rio – São Paulo on five occasions, being the record-holder as the most successful club in those competitions. The club managed to perform a double in 1999, winning both the Paulistão and the Brasileirão.
/m/0265z9l	Dr. Shreeram Lagoo is an Indian film and theatre actor, in Hindi and Marathi. He is known for his character roles in films. He has acted in over 100 Hindi and Marathi films, over 40 Marathi, Hindi and Gujarati plays, and has directed over 20 Marathi plays. He is considered one of the greatest actors of Marathi stage during the second half of twentieth century. He has also been very vocal and active in furthering progressive and rational social causes, for example in 1999, he and social activist G P Pradhan be undertook a fast in support of anti-corruption crusader Anna Hazare. He won the 1978 Filmfare Best Supporting Actor Award for Hindi film Gharaonda. His autobiography is titled Lamaan, which means 'the carrier of goods'.
/m/0bmm4	Ljubljana is the capital and largest city of Slovenia. It is located in the heart of the country in the Ljubljana Basin, and is the center of the City Municipality of Ljubljana. With approximately 280,000 inhabitants, it is classified as the only Slovenian large town. Throughout its history, it has been influenced by its geographic position at the crossroads of the Slavic world with the Germanic and Latin cultures.\nFor centuries, Ljubljana was the capital of the historical region of Carniola. Now it is the cultural, educational, economic, political and administrative center of Slovenia, independent since 1991. Its central geographic location within Slovenia, transport connections, concentration of industry, scientific and research institutions and cultural tradition are contributing factors to its leading position.
/m/0k3hn	Essex County is a county located in the northeastern part of the State of Massachusetts. As of the 2010 census, the population was 743,159. Prior to the dissolution of the county government in 1999, it had two county seats: Salem, with jurisdiction over the Southern Essex District, and Lawrence, with jurisdiction over the Northern Essex District. The county and the districts remain as administrative regions recognized by various agencies of the governmental substructure, which gathered vital statistics or disposed of judicial case loads under these geographic subdivisions, and are required to keep the records based on them. Salem and Lawrence are no longer county seats of government. However, the county subdivision has been utilized by some agencies. For example, the county as it was has been designated the Essex National Heritage Area by the National Park Service. It also is used to define areas within a National Weather Service weather alert without listing every single town/city in the alert's area.
/m/03yfh3	Stade Rennais Football Club is a French association football club based in Rennes. The club was founded in 1901 and currently plays in Ligue 1, the top tier of French football. Rennes plays its home matches at the Stade de la Route de Lorient located within the city. The team is managed by former football player Philippe Montanier and captained by defender Romain Danzé. The team's president is Frédéric de Saint-Sernin and its owner is Artémis, the holding company of businessman François Pinault.\nRennes was founded in 1901 under the name Stade Rennais and is one of the most recognizable football clubs in the Brittany region, alongside former Brittany inhabitants Nantes. The two are among the main clubs that contest the Derby Breton. Rennes is one of the founding members of the first division of French football. Along with Marseille, Montpelllier, Sochaux, and Nice, Rennes is the only club to have played in the inaugural 1932–33 season and still be playing in the first division as of today. The club has, however, never won Ligue 1. The club's best finish in the league has been 4th with the club accomplishing this feat on four occasions; most recently in the 2006–07 season. Rennes have won two Coupe de France titles in 1965 and 1971. After winning the Coupe de France in 1971, Rennes changed its name to its current version.
/m/01hbfz	A young adult, according to Erik Erikson's stages of human development, is generally a person in the age range of 20 to 40, whereas an adolescent is a person aging from 13 to 19, although definitions and opinions vary. The young adult stage in human development precedes middle adulthood. A person in the middle adulthood stage ages from 40 to 64. In old age, a person is 65 years old or older.
/m/0h7t36	Synecdoche, New York is a 2008 American postmodern drama film written and directed by Charlie Kaufman, and starring Philip Seymour Hoffman. It was Kaufman's directorial debut.\nThe plot follows an ailing theatre director as he works on an increasingly elaborate stage production whose extreme commitment to realism begins to blur the boundaries between fiction and reality.\nThe film premiered in competition at the 61st Annual Cannes Film Festival on May 23, 2008. Sony Pictures Classics acquired the United States distribution rights, paying no money but agreeing to give the film's backers a portion of the revenues. It had a limited theatrical release in the U.S. on October 24, 2008. Despite many favorable reviews by critics, the film generated much less revenue than it cost. The film's title is a play on Schenectady, New York, where much of the film is set, and the concept of synecdoche, wherein a part of something represents the whole, or vice versa.
/m/05r5w	Pamela Denise Anderson is a Canadian-American actress, model, producer, author, activist, and former showgirl, known for her roles on the television series Home Improvement, Baywatch, and V.I.P. She was chosen as a Playmate of the Month for Playboy magazine in February 1990. For a time, she was known as Pamela Anderson Lee after marrying Mötley Crüe drummer Tommy Lee. She maintains dual Canadian and American citizenship. Anderson is a member of the Animal Rights movement and has conducted campaigns condemning the commercial fur industry and promoting veganism through the animal welfarist organisation People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals.
/m/07kh6f3	The Town is a 2010 American crime drama film starring, co-written, and directed by Ben Affleck adapted from Chuck Hogan's novel Prince of Thieves. The film opened in theaters in the United States on September 17, 2010, at number one with more than $23 million and positive reviews. Jeremy Renner was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his performance.
/m/0sx7r	The 1992 Winter Olympics, officially known as the XVI Olympic Winter Games, were a winter multi-sport event celebrated from 8 to 23 February 1992 in Albertville, France. They were the last Winter Olympics to be held the same year as the Summer Olympics, and the first where the Winter Paralympics were held at the same site. Albertville was selected as host in 1986, beating Sofia, Falun, Lillehammer, Cortina d'Ampezzo, Anchorage and Berchtesgaden. The games were the third Winter Olympics held in France, after Chamonix in 1924 and Grenoble in 1968, and the fifth Olympics overall in the country.\nOnly some of the skating and the opening and closing ceremonies took place in Albertville, while the rest of the events took place in the villages of Courchevel, La Plagne, Les Arcs, Les Menuires, Les Saisies, Méribel, Pralognan-la-Vanoise, Tignes and Val d'Isère. Sixty-four nations with 1,801 athletes participated in the games, including the Unified Team which represented non-Baltic former Soviet republics. Germany participated as a unified team, while five newly independent European countries debuted, as did six \"warm-weather\" countries. Short track speed skating, moguls and women's biathlon made their debut as an Olympic sport. The games were the last Winter Games until 2014 to have demonstration sports, consisting of curling, aerials, ski ballet and speed skiing. It was the last Olympics to have an outdoor speed skating rink. The games were succeeded by the 1992 Winter Paralympics from 25 March to 1 April.
/m/0rng	Aberdeen is Scotland's third most populous city, one of Scotland's 32 local government council areas and the United Kingdom's 37th most populous built-up area, with an official population estimate of 220,420.\nNicknames include the Granite City, the Grey City and the Silver City with the Golden Sands. During the mid-18th to mid-20th centuries, Aberdeen's buildings incorporated locally quarried grey granite, which can sparkle like silver due to their high mica contents. Since the discovery of North Sea oil in the 1970s, other nicknames have been the Oil Capital of Europe or the Energy Capital of Europe. The area around Aberdeen has been settled since at least 8,000 years ago, when prehistoric villages lay around the mouths of the rivers Dee and Don. The city has a long, sandy coastline.\nAberdeen received Royal Burgh status from King David I, transforming the city economically. The city's two universities, the University of Aberdeen, founded in 1495, and Robert Gordon University, which was awarded university status in 1992, make Aberdeen the educational centre of the north-east. The traditional industries of fishing, paper-making, shipbuilding, and textiles have been overtaken by the oil industry and Aberdeen's seaport. Aberdeen Heliport is one of the busiest commercial heliports in the world and the seaport is the largest in the north-east of Scotland.
/m/01y665	Victor Joseph Garber is a Canadian film, stage and television actor and singer. Garber is known for playing Jesus in Godspell, John Wilkes Booth in Assassins, Jack Bristow in the television series Alias, Max in Lend Me a Tenor, Thomas Andrews in James Cameron's Titanic, and as Canadian ambassador to Iran, Ken Taylor, in Argo.
/m/0bdwft	This is a list of winners of the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Miniseries or a Movie and predecessor categories including Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Single Performance by an Actress in a Lead Role.\nFrom 1973 to 1978, the category was divided into two separate categories.\nThroughout the 1950s and 1960s, guest performances in regular television series were included in the category. Separate categories for guest performances were eventually created in the mid-1980s.\nIn select years, performances in lead and supporting roles were combined into a single category.
/m/0159h6	Emma Thompson is a British actress, comedienne, screenwriter and author. She first came to prominence in 1987 in two BBC TV series, Tutti Frutti and Fortunes of War; she won the BAFTA TV Award for Best Actress for her work in both. Her first major film role was in the 1989 romantic comedy The Tall Guy. In 1992, Thompson won multiple acting awards, including an Academy Award and a BAFTA Award for Best Actress, for her performance in the British drama Howards End. In 1993, Thompson garnered dual Academy Award nominations, as Best Actress for The Remains of the Day and as Best Supporting Actress for In the Name of the Father.\nIn 1995, Thompson scripted and starred in Sense and Sensibility, a film adaptation of the Jane Austen novel of the same name, which earned her an Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay and a BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role among other awards. Other notable film and television credits have included her role in the Harry Potter film series, Much Ado About Nothing, Wit, Love Actually, Angels in America, Nanny McPhee, Stranger than Fiction, Last Chance Harvey, An Education, Nanny McPhee and the Big Bang, Men in Black 3, Brave, and Saving Mr. Banks. In 2012, Thompson authored The Further Tale of Peter Rabbit to commemorate the 110th anniversary of the publication of Beatrix Potter's The Tale of Peter Rabbit.
/m/044lbv	The Angola national football team, nicknamed Palancas Negras, is the national team of Angola and is controlled by the Federação Angolana de Futebol. Angola reached 45th in the FIFA Rankings in July 2002. Their greatest accomplishment was qualifying for the 2006 FIFA World Cup, as this was their first appearance on the World Cup finals stage: they were eliminated after one defeat and two draws in the group stage.
/m/01jgkj2	James Edward Ingram is an American singer–songwriter, record producer, and instrumentalist. He is a two-time Grammy Award-winner and a two-time Academy Award nominee for Best Original Song. Since beginning his career in 1973, Ingram has charted eight Top 40 hits on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 chart from the early 1980s until the early 1990s, as well as thirteen top 40 hits on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. In addition, he charted 22 hits on the Adult Contemporary chart. He had two number-1 singles on the Hot 100: the first, a duet with fellow R&B artist Patti Austin, 1982's \"Baby, Come to Me\" topped the U.S. pop chart in 1983; \"I Don't Have the Heart\", which became his second number 1 in 1990 was his only number 1 as a solo artist. In between this period he also recorded the song \"Somewhere Out There\" with fellow recording artist Linda Ronstadt for the animated film An American Tail. The song and the music video both became gigantic hits. Ingram co-wrote singer Patty Smyth's \"The Day I Fall In Love\", from the motion picture Beethoven's 2nd, and \"Look What Love Has Done\", from the motion picture Junior, which earned him nominations for Best Original Song from the Oscars, Golden Globe, and Grammy Awards in 1994 and 1995.
/m/05n6sq	Lords of Dogtown is a 2005 biographical film directed by Catherine Hardwicke and written by Stacy Peralta. The film is based on the story of \"The Z-Boys\", an influential group of skateboarders who revolutionized the sport. The movie is dedicated to the memory of comedian Mitch Hedberg, who appears in the movie but died before the film was released.\nThe film has a close relationship with Thrashin', the 1986 original skateboarding cult classic, directed by David Winters, where Catherine Hardwicke began her career in motion pictures as a production designer and had a chance to work with many famous skaters including Tony Alva, Tony Hawk, Christian Hosoi and Steve Caballero.\nThis is also the first and so far the only film distributed by Columbia Pictures and TriStar Pictures.
/m/08mg_b	Wyatt Earp is a 1994 American semi-biographical Western film, written by Dan Gordon and Lawrence Kasdan and directed by Kasdan. It stars Kevin Costner in the title role as lawman Wyatt Earp, and features an ensemble cast that includes Dennis Quaid, Gene Hackman, Isabella Rossellini, Mark Harmon, Michael Madsen, Joanna Going, Tom Sizemore, Bill Pullman, JoBeth Williams, Linden Ashby, and Mare Winningham.
/m/0hwpz	True Lies is a 1994 American action comedy film co-written and directed by James Cameron, and starring Arnold Schwarzenegger and Jamie Lee Curtis. True Lies is an extended remake of the 1991 French film La Totale!, which was directed by Claude Zidi and starred Thierry Lhermitte and Miou-Miou.\nTrue Lies was the first Lightstorm Entertainment project to be distributed under Cameron's multi-million dollar production deal with 20th Century Fox, as well as the first major production for the visual effects company Digital Domain, which was co-founded by Cameron. True Lies was the only feature film collaboration outside of the Terminator series to feature Cameron, Schwarzenegger, and Brad Fiedel as director, actor, and composer respectively.\nUpon its release, True Lies was one of the most expensive films ever made, costing $100–120 million, and grossed $378 million theatrically worldwide.\nTrue Lies was a big commercial and critical success. For her performance, Curtis won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy and the Saturn Award for Best Actress, while Cameron won the Saturn Award for Best Director. The film was also nominated at the Academy Awards and the BAFTAs in the Best Visual Effect category, and for seven Saturn Awards overall.
/m/07xvf	U-571 is a 2000 film directed by Jonathan Mostow, and starring Matthew McConaughey, Bill Paxton, Harvey Keitel, Thomas Kretschmann, Jon Bon Jovi, Jack Noseworthy, Will Estes, and Tom Guiry. In the film, a World War II German submarine is boarded in 1942 by disguised United States Navy submariners seeking to capture her Enigma cipher machine.\nThe film was financially successful and generally well-received by critics in the USA and won an Academy Award for sound editing. The fictitious plot attracted substantial criticism since, in reality, it was British personnel from HMS Bulldog who first captured a naval Enigma machine, months before the United States entered the war. The anger over the inaccuracies even reached the British Parliament, where Prime Minister Tony Blair stated that the film was an \"affront\" to British sailors.\nThe real U-571 was never involved in any such events, was not captured, and was in fact sunk in January 1944, off Ireland, by a Short Sunderland flying boat from No. 461 Squadron, Royal Australian Air Force.\nU-571 was filmed in the Mediterranean Sea, near Rome and Malta.
/m/09v4bym	The Hong Kong Film Award for Best Cinematography is an annual Hong Kong industry award presented to a cinematographer or a group of cinematographers for the best achievement in cinematography.
/m/0c31_	Andrzej Wajda is a Polish film director. Recipient of an honorary Oscar, he is possibly the most prominent member of the unofficial \"Polish Film School\". He is known especially for a trilogy of war films: A Generation, Kanał and Ashes and Diamonds.\nFour of his films have been nominated for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film: The Promised Land, The Maids of Wilko, Man of Iron, and Katyń.
/m/0kv238	The Wolfman is a 2010 American remake of the 1941 classic werewolf horror film of the same name. This film's second half was significantly altered and expanded from the original film's plot. Directed by Joe Johnston, the film stars Benicio del Toro, Anthony Hopkins, Emily Blunt and Hugo Weaving. It was released in the United States on February 12, 2010.\nWhile receiving mostly mixed critical reviews and failing to make back its budget at the box office, the movie won an Academy Award for Best Makeup.
/m/01kx_81	Sir Michael Philip \"Mick\" Jagger is an English musician, singer, songwriter and actor, best known as the lead vocalist and a co-founder of the Rolling Stones.\nJagger's career has spanned over 50 years, and he has been described as \"one of the most popular and influential frontmen in the history of rock & roll\". His distinctive voice and performance, along with Keith Richards' guitar style, have been the trademark of the Rolling Stones throughout the career of the band. Jagger gained much press notoriety for admitted drug use and romantic involvements, and was often portrayed as a countercultural figure. In the late 1960s Jagger began acting in films, to mixed reception. In 1985, Jagger released his first solo album, She's the Boss. In early 2009, he joined the electric supergroup SuperHeavy.\nIn 1989 Jagger was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame with the Rolling Stones. In 2003 he was knighted for his services to music.
/m/0dybqm	Superhuman strength, also called superstrength, super-strength, super strength, increased strength, or enhanced strength, is an ability commonly employed in fiction. It is the ability for a character to be stronger, tougher, more durable, and more physically powerful than humanly possible. Characters and deities with super strength have been found in many ancient mythologies and religions. Superhuman strength is a common feature across a wide range of media, such as novels, comic books, television, films, and video games.\nDiscovery channel produced a show called \"Superhuman Showdown\", one of the main classification was superhuman strength,in which five finalist were selected in the following category: Jimmy Bandera for his high-frequency voice, Dr. MAK Yuree for his leg power, Conard for his abdominal strength, Frannz Muellner for his arm strength and Jamal for his lung power.\nSuperhuman strength is used by several characters in fantasy and science fiction, with a variety of proposed mechanisms such as cyborg body parts or genetic modification and even telekinetic fields in science fiction, or divine or magical/supernatural sources in fantasy. A plethora of comic book superheroes and supervillains usually have a degree of super strength. The level of strength portrayed can vary greatly, from just outside the \"normal\" human range of the strongest weightlifters of a given size or muscle mass, to nearly or even unlimited.
/m/026lyl4	Theoni V. Aldredge was a Greek-American stage and screen costume designer.\nBorn Theoni Athanasiou Vachlioti in Thessaloniki in 1922, Aldredge received her training at the American School in Athens. She emigrated to the United States in 1949 and attended the Goodman Theatre at DePaul University, Chicago on a scholarship. Her first Broadway assignment was designing costumes for Geraldine Page in Tennessee Williams' Sweet Bird of Youth in 1959; her most recent was the 2006 revival of A Chorus Line. For 20 years she was the principal designer for Joseph Papp and also designed several musicals for Michael Bennett.
/m/0fd_1	DeWitt Clinton was an early American politician and naturalist who served as an United States Senator and was the sixth Governor of New York. In this last capacity, he was largely responsible for the construction of the Erie Canal. Clinton was the leader of New York's People’s Party and was a major rival of Martin Van Buren, who was the Attorney General of New York during Clinton's governorship. Clinton believed that infrastructure improvements could transform American life, drive economic growth, and encourage political participation, and he heavily influenced the development of the New York State and the United States.
/m/052hl	Mel Brooks is an American film director, screenwriter, composer, lyricist, comedian, actor and producer. He is best known as a creator of broad film farces and comic parodies. He began his career as a stand-up comic and as a writer for the early TV variety show Your Show of Shows. He became well known as part of the comedy duo with Carl Reiner, The 2000 Year Old Man. In middle age he became one of the most successful film directors of the 1970s, with many of his films being among the top ten money makers of the year that they were released. His most well known films include The Producers, The Twelve Chairs, Blazing Saddles, Young Frankenstein, Silent Movie, High Anxiety, History of the World, Part I, Spaceballs and Robin Hood: Men in Tights. More recently he has had a smash hit on Broadway with the musical adaptation of his first film, The Producers. He was married to the actress Anne Bancroft from 1964 until her death in 2005.\nBrooks is a member of the short list of entertainers with the distinction of having won an Emmy, a Grammy, an Oscar and a Tony award. He received the 41st AFI Life Achievement Award in June 2013. Three of his films ranked in the American Film Institute's list of the top 100 comedy films of all-time, all of which ranked in the top 20 of the list: Blazing Saddles at number 6, The Producers at number 11, and Young Frankenstein at number 13.
/m/02rdxsh	The National Society of Film Critics Award for Best Picture is an annual award given by National Society of Film Critics to honor the best film of the year.\nIn the past 40 years, the Society only agreed with the Oscar for Best Picture 5 times: 1977 Annie Hall, 1992 Unforgiven, 1993 Schindler's List, 2004 Million Dollar Baby and 2009 The Hurt Locker. Four others have received the Oscar for Best Foreign Language Film: Z, Le charme discret de la bourgeoisie, La nuit américaine, and Préparez vos mouchoirs.
/m/0jvt9	How the West Was Won is a 1962 American Metrocolor epic-Western film. The picture was one of the last \"old-fashioned\" epic films made by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer to enjoy great success. Set between 1839 and 1889, it follows four generations of a family as they move ever westward, from western New York state to the Pacific Ocean. The picture was filmed in the curved-screen three-projector Cinerama process.\nThe fundamental idea behind the film was to provide an episodic retelling of the progress of westward migration and development of America. It was inspired by a much longer and more complex series of historical narratives that appeared as a photo essay series, by the same name, three years earlier in Life magazine, which is acknowledged in the film’s credits.\nThe all-star cast includes Carroll Baker, Walter Brennan, Lee J. Cobb, Andy Devine, Henry Fonda, Carolyn Jones, Karl Malden, Harry Morgan, Gregory Peck, George Peppard, Robert Preston, Debbie Reynolds, James Stewart, Eli Wallach, John Wayne, and Richard Widmark. The film is narrated by Spencer Tracy.\nThe movie consists of five segments, three directed by Henry Hathaway, and one each by John Ford and George Marshall, with transitional sequences by the uncredited Richard Thorpe. The screenplay was written by John Gay and James R. Webb. Popular western author Louis L'Amour wrote a novelization of the screenplay.
/m/031sn	Fort Collins is a Home Rule Municipality in and the county seat of Larimer County, Colorado, United States. Situated on the Cache La Poudre River along the Colorado Front Range, Fort Collins is located 65 miles north of the Colorado State Capitol in Denver. With a 2012 estimated population of 148,612, it is the fourth most populous city in Colorado after Aurora, Colorado Springs and Denver. Fort Collins is a midsize college city, home to Colorado State University. It was named Money magazine's Best Place to Live in the U.S. in 2006, No. 2 in 2008, and No. 6 in 2010. It is also known as one of the towns that inspired the design of Main Street, U.S.A. inside the main entrance of the many 'Disneyland'-style parks run by The Walt Disney Company around the world.
/m/0h1vz	Lysine is an α-amino acid with the chemical formula HO2CCH(CH2)4NH2. It is an essential amino acid for humans. Lysine's codons are AAA and AAG.\nLysine is a base, as are arginine and histidine. The ε-amino group often participates in hydrogen bonding and as a general base in catalysis.\nCommon posttranslational modifications include methylation of the ε-amino group, giving methyl-, dimethyl-, and trimethyllysine. The latter occurs in calmodulin. Other posttranslational modifications at lysine residues include acetylation and ubiquitination. Collagen contains hydroxylysine, which is derived from lysine by lysyl hydroxylase. O-Glycosylation of hydroxylysine residues in the endoplasmic reticulum or Golgi apparatus is used to mark certain proteins for secretion from the cell.
/m/0cn_b8	The Cat in the Hat is a 2003 American fantasy comedy film directed by Bo Welch based on the 1957 Dr. Seuss book The Cat in the Hat. The film stars Mike Myers in the title role of the Cat in the Hat, and Dakota Fanning as Sally. Sally's brother, is in this version named Conrad and portrayed by Spencer Breslin. The Cat in the Hat is the second feature-length Dr. Seuss adaptation after the 2000 holiday film How the Grinch Stole Christmas.\nThe idea was originally conceived in 2003, when Tim Allen was initially cast as the Cat, but he dropped his role due to work on The Santa Clause 2, and the role was later given to Mike Myers. Filming took place in California for three months. While the basic plot parallels that of the book, the film filled out its 82 minutes by adding new subplots and characters quite different from those of the original story, similar to the feature film adaptation of How the Grinch Stole Christmas.\nThe Cat in the Hat was released on November 21, 2003 to negative reviews. Observers criticized the film for its approach to mature content and sexual innuendo. After this, Dr. Seuss's widow Audrey Geisel vowed not to allow any further live-action adaptations of Seuss' work and Universal cancelled the unproduced The Cat in the Hat Comes Back based on book of the same name. In 2012, a CGI-animated reboot of the film has been announced.
/m/0g4g7	The Gold Coast is a coastal city in southeastern Queensland on the east coast of Australia. The city is 94 km south of the state capital Brisbane. It is the second most populous city in the state, the sixth most populous city in the country, and the most populous non-capital city in Australia. The Gold Coast has the largest cross-state metropolitan area population in Australia, due to the inclusion of Tweed Heads, New South Wales in its metropolitan area. The Gold Coast's metropolitan area converges with that of Greater Brisbane, forming part of an urban conurbation of over 3 million people.\nWhile the origin of the city's name is debatable, the name \"Gold Coast\" was bestowed upon the city by real estate investors. The first settlement in what is now South East Queensland was as a penal colony at Redcliffe. The Gold Coast region remained largely uninhabited by Europeans until 1823 when explorer John Oxley landed at Mermaid Beach. The hinterland's red cedar supply attracted people to the area in the mid-19th century. Later in 1875, Southport was surveyed and established and grew a reputation as a secluded holiday destination for upper class Brisbane residents.\nThe Gold Coast region grew significantly after the establishment of the Surfers Paradise hotel in the late 1920s. The area boomed in the 1980s as a leading tourist destination and in 1994, the Gold Coast City local government area was expanded to encompass the majority of the Gold Coast's metropolitan area, becoming the second most populous local government area in Australia after the City of Brisbane. The Gold Coast is today a major tourist destination with its sunny subtropical climate, surfing beaches, canal and waterway systems, its high-rise dominated skyline, theme parks, nightlife, and rainforest hinterland, making tourism one of its most significant industries. Gold Coast will host the 2018 Commonwealth Games.
/m/01xdf5	Stephen Tyrone Colbert is an American political satirist, writer, comedian, television host, and actor. He is the host of Comedy Central's The Colbert Report, a satirical news show in which Colbert portrays a caricatured version of conservative political pundits.\nColbert originally studied to be an actor, but became interested in improvisational theatre when he met famed Second City director Del Close while attending Northwestern University. He first performed professionally as an understudy for Steve Carell at Second City Chicago; among his troupe mates were comedians Paul Dinello and Amy Sedaris, with whom he developed the sketch comedy series Exit 57.\nColbert also wrote and performed on the short-lived Dana Carvey Show before collaborating with Sedaris and Dinello again on the cult television series Strangers with Candy. He gained considerable attention for his role on the latter as closeted gay history teacher Chuck Noblet. His work as a correspondent on Comedy Central's news-parody series The Daily Show first introduced him to a wide audience.\nIn 2005 he left The Daily Show with Jon Stewart to host a spin-off series, The Colbert Report. Following The Daily Show's news-parody concept, The Colbert Report is a parody of personality-driven political opinion shows such as The O'Reilly Factor. Since its debut, the series has established itself as one of Comedy Central's highest-rated series, earning Colbert three Emmy Award nominations and an invitation to perform as featured entertainer at the White House Correspondents' Association Dinner in 2006. Colbert was named one of Time's 100 most influential people in 2006 and 2012. His book I Am America was No. 1 on The New York Times Best Seller list.
/m/017b2p	Ayumi Hamasaki is a Japanese recording artist, lyricist, model, and actress. Also called \"Ayu\" by her fans, Hamasaki has been dubbed the \"Empress of Pop\" because of her popularity and widespread influence in Japan and throughout Asia. Born and raised in Fukuoka, she moved to Tokyo at fourteen to pursue a career in entertainment. In 1998, under the tutelage of Avex CEO Max Matsuura, she released a string of modestly selling singles that concluded with her 1999 debut album A Song for ××. The album debuted at the top of the Oricon charts and remained there for four weeks, establishing her popularity in Japan.\nHamasaki's constantly changing image and tight control over her artistry has helped her popularity extend across Asia; music and fashion trends she has started have spread to countries such as China, Singapore, and Southeast Asia. She has appeared in or lent her songs to many advertisements and television commercials. Though she originally supported the exploitation of her popularity for commercial purposes, she later reconsidered and eventually opposed her status as an Avex \"product\".\nSince her 1998 debut with the single recording \"Poker Face\", Hamasaki has sold over 53,000,000 records in Japan, ranking her among the best-selling recording artists in the country. As a female vocalist, Hamasaki has several domestic record achievements for her singles, such as the most number-one hits by a female artist; the most consecutive number-one hits by a solo artist, and the most million-sellers. Since 1999, Hamasaki had at least one single each year topping the charts. Hamasaki is the first female recording artist to have eight studio albums since her debut to top the Oricon and the first artist to have a number-one album for 13 consecutive years since her debut.
/m/01zhp	Computer animation or CGI animation is the process used for generating animated images by using computer graphics. The more general term computer-generated imagery encompasses both static scenes and dynamic images, while computer animation only refers to moving images.\nModern computer animation usually uses 3D computer graphics, although 2D computer graphics are still used for stylistic, low bandwidth, and faster real-time renderings. Sometimes the target of the animation is the computer itself, but sometimes the target is another medium, such as film.\nComputer animation is essentially a digital successor to the stop motion techniques used in traditional animation with 3D models and frame-by-frame animation of 2D illustrations. Computer generated animations are more controllable than other more physically based processes, such as constructing miniatures for effects shots or hiring extras for crowd scenes, and because it allows the creation of images that would not be feasible using any other technology. It can also allow a single graphic artist to produce such content without the use of actors, expensive set pieces, or props.\nTo create the illusion of movement, an image is displayed on the computer monitor and repeatedly replaced by a new image that is similar to it, but advanced slightly in time. This technique is identical to how the illusion of movement is achieved with television and motion pictures.
/m/0j8p6	St. John's is the capital and largest city in Newfoundland and Labrador. St John's was incorporated as a city in 1921, yet is considered by some to be the oldest English-founded city in North America. It is located on the eastern tip of the Avalon Peninsula on the island of Newfoundland. With a population of 200,600 as of 2012, the St. John's Metropolitan Area is the second largest Census Metropolitan Area in Atlantic Canada after Halifax and the 20th largest metropolitan area in Canada. Its name has been attributed to the feast day of John the Baptist, when John Cabot was believed to have sailed into the harbour in 1497, and also to a Basque fishing town with the same name.\nNewfoundland was claimed as an English colony in the name of Elizabeth I in 1583, temporarily captured by the Dutch in 1665, and attacked three times by the French who captured and destroyed its settlements in 1689 and 1707. St John's was retaken each time and re-fortified. British forces used St. John's fortifications during the Seven Years' War in North America, the American Revolutionary War and the War of 1812. St. John's served Allied needs in World War II by providing an air base for the USAAF and a harbour for antisubmarine warfare ships.
/m/01fr7t	The Ottoman dynasty, made up of the members of the House of Osman, ruled the Ottoman Empire from 1299 to 1922, beginning with Osman I, though the dynasty was not proclaimed until Orhan Bey declared himself sultan. Before that the tribe/dynasty was known as Söğüt Beylik or Beys but was renamed Osmanlı in honour of Osman.\nThe sultan was the sole and absolute regent, head of state and head of government of the empire, at least officially, though often much power shifted de facto to other officials, especially the Grand Vizier. See the article on state organisation of the Ottoman Empire for further information on the sultan and the structure of power.\nThe family was deposed from power and the sultanate was abolished on 1 November 1922 after the Turkish War of Independence. The Republic of Turkey was declared the following year.\nThe family in its current form is known as the Osmanoğlu family, meaning \"son of Osman\", after Osman I, the namesake of both the family and the Ottoman Empire.
/m/01jxlz	Taunton is the county town of Somerset, England. The town, including its suburbs, had an estimated population of 61,400 in 2001.\nThe town has over 1,000 years of religious and military history, and is now undergoing a regeneration project. It has various transport links which support its central role in economy and commerce.\nTaunton is the site of Musgrove Park Hospital and Somerset County Cricket Club's County Ground and is home to 40 Commando, Royal Marines. Central Taunton is part of the annual West Country Carnival circuit. It hosts the Taunton flower show, which has been held in Vivary Park since 1866. The United Kingdom Hydrographic Office is located on Admiralty Way.
/m/01l1sq	Steven Van Zandt is an American musician, songwriter, arranger, record producer, actor, and radio disc jockey, who frequently goes by the stage names Little Steven or Miami Steve. He is a member of Bruce Springsteen's E Street Band, in which he plays guitar and mandolin, and has acted in television dramas The Sopranos, in which he played the character Silvio Dante, and Lilyhammer, in which he plays the character Frank \"The Fixer\" Tagliano. Van Zandt also had his own solo band called \"Little Steven and The Disciples of Soul\" in the 1980s.
/m/02xfj0	George Lopez is a television producer.
/m/02kzfw	London Business School is a business school and a constituent college of the University of London, located in central London, England, United Kingdom. It was established in 1964, after the Franks Report recommended the establishment of two business schools, as part of existing universities, but with considerable autonomy. It has collaborations with the nearby University College London and the Modern Language Centre at King's College London. In December 2006 launched its operations in Dubai, which include an executive MBA degree and Executive Education programmes.\nLBS offers various academic programmes including the Masters of Business Administration, Sloan Fellowship for experienced business executives, Masters in Finance, Masters in Management for students with up to two years of work experience, PhD, and non-masters classes for business executives.\nLBS is consistently ranked as one of the top 2 business schools in Europe and as one of the top 10 business schools in the world. The school's admissions process is highly selective, making it one of the most competitive business schools to get into in the world.
/m/0ys4f	Minot is a city located in north central North Dakota in the United States. It is most widely known for the Air Force base located approximately 15 miles north of the city. With a population of 40,888 at the 2010 census, Minot is the fourth largest city in the state. In 2012, the Minot Area Development Corporation estimated that there were between 46,000 and 47,000 permanent residents within city limits. The city is the county seat of Ward County and is a trading center for a large portion of northern North Dakota, southwestern Manitoba, and southeastern Saskatchewan. Founded in 1886 during the construction of the Great Northern Railway, Minot is also known as \"Magic City\", commemorating its remarkable growth in size over a short time.\nMinot is the principal city of the Minot Micropolitan Statistical Area, a micropolitan area that covers McHenry, Renville, and Ward counties and had a combined population of 69,540 at the 2010 census. In 2012, it was estimated that the population of the Minot Micropolitan Area was 73,146
/m/03z8w6	The Indian Rebellion of 1857 began as a mutiny of sepoys of the East India Company's army on 10 May 1857, in the cantonment of the town of Meerut, and soon escalated into other mutinies and civilian rebellions largely in the upper Gangetic plain and central India, with the major hostilities confined to present-day Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, northern Madhya Pradesh, and the Delhi region. The rebellion posed a considerable threat to Company power in that region, and was contained only with the fall of Gwalior on 20 June 1858. The rebellion is also known as India's First War of Independence, the Great Rebellion, the Indian Mutiny, the Rebellion of 1857, the Uprising of 1857, the Sepoy Rebellion and the Sepoy Mutiny. The Mutiny was a result of various grievances. However the flashpoint was reached when the soldiers were asked to bite off the paper cartridges for their rifles which were greased with animal fat, namely beef and pork. This was, and is, against the religious beliefs of Hindus and Muslims, respectively. Other regions of Company-controlled India – such as Bengal, the Bombay Presidency, and the Madras Presidency – remained largely calm. In Punjab, the Sikh princes backed the Company by providing soldiers and support. The large princely states of Hyderabad, Mysore, Travancore, and Kashmir, as well as the smaller ones of Rajputana, did not join the rebellion. In some regions, such as Oudh, the rebellion took on the attributes of a patriotic revolt against European presence. Maratha leaders, such as Lakshmibai, the Rani of Jhansi, became folk heroes in the nationalist movement in India half a century later; however, they themselves \"generated no coherent ideology\" for a new order. The rebellion led to the dissolution of the East India Company in 1858. It also led the British to reorganize the army, the financial system and the administration in India. The country was thereafter directly governed by the crown as the new British Raj.
/m/03l3ln	Kal Penn is an American actor, producer, and civil servant.\nAs an actor, he is known for his role portraying Dr. Lawrence Kutner on the television program House, as well as the character Kumar Patel in the Harold & Kumar film series. He is also recognized for his performance in the critically acclaimed film, The Namesake. Additionally, Penn has taught at the University of Pennsylvania in the Cinema Studies Program as a visiting lecturer.\nOn April 8, 2009, it was announced that Penn would join the Obama administration as an Associate Director in the White House Office of Public Engagement. This necessitated that his character, Lawrence Kutner, be written out of the TV series House. Penn resigned his post as Barack Obama's Associate Director of Public Engagement on June 1, 2010, for a brief return to his acting career. He filmed the third installment of the Harold & Kumar series, A Very Harold & Kumar 3D Christmas, and subsequently returned to the White House Office of Public Engagement as an Associate Director. In July 2011, he again left the White House to accept a role in the hit television series How I Met Your Mother. He has since returned to his role with the White House.
/m/0q8s4	Decatur is a city in Morgan and Limestone counties in the State of Alabama. The city, affectionately known as \"The River City\", is located in Northern Alabama on the banks of Wheeler Lake, along the Tennessee River. It is the largest city and county seat of Morgan County. The population in 2010 census was 55,683.\nDecatur is also the core city of the two-county large Decatur Metropolitan Area which had 154,233 in 2012. Combined with the Huntsville Metropolitan Area, the two create the Huntsville-Decatur Combined Statistical Area, of which Decatur is the second largest city.\nLike many southern cities in the early 19th century, Decatur's early success was based upon its location along a river. Railroad routes and boating traffic pushed the city to the front of North Alabama's economic atmosphere. The city rapidly grew into a large economic center within the Tennessee Valley and was a hub for travelers and cargo between Nashville and Mobile as well as Chattanooga and New Orleans. Throughout the 20th century, the city experienced steady growth, but was eclipsed as the regional economic center by a fast growing Huntsville during the space race. The city now finds its economy heavily based on manufacturing industries, cargo transit, and hi-tech industries such as General Electric, and the United Launch Alliance.
/m/0mb31	In principle, a sheriff is a legal official with responsibility for a county. In practice, the specific combination of legal, political and ceremonial duties of a sheriff varies greatly from country to country.\nThe word \"sheriff\" is a contraction of the term \"shire reeve\". The term, from the Old English scīrgerefa, designated a royal official responsible for keeping the peace throughout a shire or county on behalf of the king. The term was preserved in England notwithstanding the Norman Conquest. From the Anglo-Saxon kingdoms the term spread to several other regions, at an early point to Scotland, latterly to Ireland and to the United States.\nSheriffs exist in various countries:\nSheriffs are administrative legal officials similar to bailiffs in the Republic of Ireland, Australia, and Canada.\nSheriffs are judges in Scotland.\nSheriff is a ceremonial position in England, Wales and India.\nIn the United States of America, the scope of a sheriff varies across states and counties. The sheriff is most often a county official, and serves as the arm of the county court; but some cities, such as those in the Commonwealth of Virginia, also have a sheriff's office that serves as the arm of the city court and jail. The sheriff performs court duties. These may include such functions as administering the county or city jail, providing courtroom security and prisoner transportation, serving warrants and serving process. In urban areas a sheriff may be restricted to those duties. Many other sheriffs and their deputies may serve as the principal police force.
/m/03f1zdw	Colin Andrew Firth CBE is an English film, television, and theatre actor. His films have earned more than $936 million from 42 releases worldwide. He has received an Academy Award, a Golden Globe, a BAFTA and the Screen Actors Guild Award, as well as the Volpi Cup. His most notable and acclaimed role to date has been his 2010 portrayal of King George VI in The King's Speech, a performance that gained him an Oscar and many other worldwide best actor awards. It went on to gross $414,211,549 worldwide.\nIdentified in the late 1980s with the 'Brit Pack' of new young British actors headed by Gary Oldman, Firth's rise to stardom progressed at a slower pace than many of his contemporaries. It was not until his portrayal of Mr. Darcy in the 1995 television adaptation of Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice that Firth became a household name. The show was a hit in the UK and USA and established him as a marquee talent. This led to roles in films such as The English Patient, Bridget Jones's Diary, Shakespeare in Love and Love Actually. In 2009 he received widespread critical acclaim for his leading role in A Single Man, for which Firth gained his first Academy Award nomination, and won a BAFTA Award.
/m/06c44	Wilhelm Richard Wagner was a German composer, theatre director, polemicist, and conductor who is primarily known for his operas. Unlike most opera composers, Wagner wrote both the libretto and the music for each of his stage works. Initially establishing his reputation as a composer of works in the romantic vein of Weber and Meyerbeer, Wagner revolutionised opera through his concept of the Gesamtkunstwerk, by which he sought to synthesise the poetic, visual, musical and dramatic arts, with music subsidiary to drama, and which was announced in a series of essays between 1849 and 1852. Wagner realised these ideas most fully in the first half of the four-opera cycle Der Ring des Nibelungen.\nHis compositions, particularly those of his later period, are notable for their complex textures, rich harmonies and orchestration, and the elaborate use of leitmotifs—musical phrases associated with individual characters, places, ideas or plot elements. His advances in musical language, such as extreme chromaticism and quickly shifting tonal centres, greatly influenced the development of classical music. His Tristan und Isolde is sometimes described as marking the start of modern music.
/m/01hwkn	The French Revolutionary Wars were a series of major conflicts fought between the French Republic government and several European Monarchies from 1792 to 1802.\nMarked by French revolutionary fervour and military innovations, the campaigns saw the French Revolutionary Armies defeat a number of opposing coalitions. They resulted in expanded French control to the Low Countries, Italy, and the Rhineland. The wars depended on extremely high numbers of soldiers, recruited by modern mass conscription.\nThe French Revolutionary Wars are usually divided between those of the First Coalition and the Second Coalition. France was at war with Great Britain continuously from 1793 to 1802. Hostilities with Great Britain ceased with the Treaty of Amiens in 1802, but conflict soon started up again with the Napoleonic Wars. The Treaty of Amiens is usually reckoned to mark the end of the French Revolutionary Wars; however, historians have proposed other events before and after 1802 as the starting point of the Napoleonic Wars.
/m/01kt_j	CSI: Crime Scene Investigation is an American crime drama television series, that premiered on CBS on October 6, 2000. The show was created by Anthony E. Zuiker and produced by Jerry Bruckheimer. It is filmed primarily at Universal Studios in Universal City, California.\nThe series follows Las Vegas criminalists working for the Las Vegas Police Department as they use physical evidence to solve murders, which has inspired a host of other cop-show \"procedurals\". The series mixes deduction, gritty subject matter, and character-driven drama. The network later added spin-offs CSI: Miami and CSI: NY, both of which were canceled after ten and nine seasons respectively. On February 18, 2014, CBS also announced plans to launch another spin-off, this time based in Quantico, VA. The pilot will be as an episode of CSI set to air in the spring.\nCSI has been recognized as the most popular dramatic series internationally by the Festival de Télévision de Monte-Carlo, which has awarded it the \"International Television Audience Award\" three times. Its worldwide audience was estimated to be over 73.8 million viewers in 2009. In 2012, the show was named the most watched show in the world for the fifth time. CSI has been nominated multiple times for industry awards and has won nine awards during its history. The program has spawned several media projects including an exhibit at Chicago's Museum of Science and Industry, a series of books, several video games, and two additional TV shows. It has reached milestone episodes, such as the 100th, \"Ch-Ch-Changes\", the 150th, \"Living Legend\", which starred Roger Daltrey from The Who, performers of the show's theme song, the 200th, \"Mascara\", the 250th, \"Cello and Goodbye\", and the 300th, \"Frame by Frame\".
/m/0163m1	Earth, Wind & Fire is an American band that has spanned the musical genres of R&B, soul, jazz, pop, rock, funk, disco, latin, african and gospel. They are one of the most successful and critically acclaimed bands of the twentieth century. Rolling Stone has described them as \"innovative, precise yet sensual, calculated yet galvanizing\" and has also declared that the band \"changed the sound of black pop\".\nAlso known as EWF, the band was founded in Chicago by Maurice White in 1969. Other members have included Philip Bailey, Verdine White, Ralph Johnson, Larry Dunn, and Al McKay. The band has received 20 Grammy nominations; they won six as a group and two of its members, Maurice White and Bailey, won separate individual awards. Earth, Wind & Fire have 12 American Music Awards nominations and four awards. They have been inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and the Vocal Group Hall of Fame, received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, and sold over 90 million albums worldwide. Five members of Earth, Wind & Fire were also inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame: Maurice White, Philip Bailey, Verdine White, Larry Dunn and Al McKay. The music industry and fans have bestowed Lifetime Achievement honors from the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers, NAACP and the BET Awards.
/m/01b4p4	New Romanticism was a pop culture movement in the United Kingdom that began as a nightclub scene around 1979 and peaked around 1981. Developing in London and Birmingham, at nightclubs such as Billy's and the Blitz, and fashion boutiques such as Kahn and Bell, it spread to other major cities in the UK and was based around flamboyant, eccentric fashion and new wave music.\nSeveral music acts at the start of the 1980s adopted the style of the movement and became known to epitomise it within the music and mainstream press, including Visage, Duran Duran, Spandau Ballet, and Boy George. Ultravox were also often labelled as New Romantics by the press though did not exhibit the same visual styles of the movement, despite their link to the band Visage. Japan and Adam and the Ants were also labelled as New Romantic artists by the press, although they had no direct connection to the original scene. A number of these bands adopted synthesizers and helped to develop synthpop in the early 1980s, which, combined with the distinctive New Romantic visuals, helped them first to national success in the UK and, with help of MTV to play a major part in the Second British Invasion of the U.S. charts.
/m/0c7f7	Pavia is a town and comune of south-western Lombardy, northern Italy, 35 kilometres south of Milan on the lower Ticino river near its confluence with the Po. It is the capital of the province of Pavia. It has a population of c. 71,000. The city was also the capital of the Kingdom of the Lombards from 568 to 774.\nPavia is the capital of a fertile eponymous province known for agricultural products including wine, rice, cereals, and dairy products. Although there are a number of industries located in the suburbs, these tend not to disturb the peaceful atmosphere of the town. The town also is home to the ancient University of Pavia. The University, together with the IUSS, the Ghislieri College, the Borromeo College, the Nuovo College, the Santa Caterina College and the EDiSU, belongs to the Pavia Study System. Furthermore, Pavia is the see city of the Roman Catholic diocese of Pavia. The city possesses a vast amount of artistic and cultural treasures, including several important churches and museums, such as the well-known Certosa di Pavia.
/m/0135g	Alameda is a city in Alameda County, California, United States. It is located on Alameda Island and Bay Farm Island, and is adjacent to and west of Oakland and in eastern San Francisco Bay across from San Francisco and South San Francisco, in the San Francisco Bay Area. Bay Farm Island, a portion of which is also known as \"Harbor Bay Isle\", is not actually an island, and is part of the mainland adjacent to the Oakland International Airport. At the 2010 census, the city had a total population of 73,812. Alameda is a charter city, rather than a general law city, allowing the city to provide for any form of government. Alameda became a charter city and adopted a council-manager government in 1916, which it retains to the present.
/m/016chh	Memoir, is a literary nonfiction genre. More specifically, it is a collection of memories that an individual writes about moments or events, both public or private that took place in the author's life. The assertions made in the work are understood to be factual. While memoir has historically been defined as a subcategory of autobiography since the late 20th century, the genre is differentiated in form, presenting a narrowed focus. Like most autobiographies, memoirs are written from the first-person point of view. An autobiography tells the story of a life, while memoir tells a story from a life, such as touchstone events and turning points from the author's life. The author of a memoir may be referred to as a memoirist.
/m/022dc6	A sports game is a video game that simulates the practice of traditional sports. Most sports have been recreated with a game, including team sports, athletics and extreme sports. Some games emphasize actually playing the sport, whilst others emphasize strategy and organization. Some, such as Need for Speed, Arch Rivals and Punch-Out!!, satirize the sport for comic effect. This genre has been popular throughout the history of video games and is competitive, just like real-world sports. A number of game series feature the names and characteristics of real teams and players, and are updated annually to reflect real-world changes.
/m/036nz	A government is the system by which a state or community is governed. In Commonwealth English, a government more narrowly refers to the particular executive in control of a state at a given time—known in American English as an administration. In American English, government refers to the larger system by which any state is organised. Furthermore, government is occasionally used in English as a synonym for governance.\nIn the case of its broad associative definition, government normally consists of legislators, administrators, and arbitrators. Government is the means by which state policy is enforced, as well as the mechanism for determining the policy of the state. A form of government, or form of state governance, refers to the set of political systems and institutions that make up the organisation of a specific government.\nGovernment of any kind currently affects every human activity in many important ways. For this reason, political scientists generally argue that government should not be studied by itself; but should be studied along with anthropology, economics, history, philosophy, science, and sociology.
/m/030_1m	TriStar Pictures, Inc. is an American film production/distribution studio and subsidiary of Sony Pictures Entertainment, owned by the Sony Corporation of Japan.
/m/07_hy	Veganism is the practice of abstaining from the use of animal products, particularly in diet, as well as following an associated philosophy that rejects the commodity status of sentient animals. A follower of veganism is known as a vegan.\nDistinctions are sometimes made between different categories of veganism. Dietary vegans refrain from consuming animal products, not only meat but, in contrast to ovo-lacto vegetarians, also eggs, dairy products and other animal-derived substances. The term ethical vegan is often applied to those who not only follow a vegan diet, but extend the vegan philosophy into other areas of their lives, and oppose the use of animals or animal products for any purpose. Another term used is environmental veganism, which refers to the avoidance of animal products on the premise that the harvesting or industrial farming of animals is environmentally damaging and unsustainable.\nThe term vegan was coined in 1944 by Donald Watson when he co-founded the British Vegan Society, at first to mean \"non-dairy vegetarian\" and later to refer to \"the doctrine that man should live without exploiting animals.\" Interest in veganism increased in the 2000s; vegan food became increasingly available in supermarkets and restaurants in many countries, and several top athletes in endurance sports, such as the Ironman triathlon and the ultramarathon, began to practise veganism and raw veganism.
/m/0n1rj	Tampa is a city in the U.S. state of Florida. It serves as the county seat for Hillsborough County and is located on the west coast of Florida, on Tampa Bay near the Gulf of Mexico. The population of Tampa in 2011 was 346,037.\nThe current location of Tampa was once inhabited by indigenous peoples of the Safety Harbor culture, most notably the Tocobaga and the Pohoy, who lived along the shores of Tampa Bay. It was briefly explored by Spanish explorers in the early 16th century, but there were no permanent American or European settlements within today's city limits until after the United States had acquired Florida from Spain in 1819.\nIn 1824, the United States Army established a frontier outpost called Fort Brooke at the mouth of the Hillsborough River, near the site of today's Tampa Convention Center. The first civilian residents were pioneers who settled near the fort for protection from the nearby Seminole population. The town grew slowly until the 1880s, when railroad links, the discovery of phosphate, and the arrival of the cigar industry jump-started its development and helped it to grow into an important city by the early 1900s.\nToday, Tampa is a part of the metropolitan area most commonly referred to as the Tampa Bay Area. For U.S. Census purposes, Tampa is part of the Tampa-St. Petersburg-Clearwater, Florida Metropolitan Statistical Area. The four-county area is composed of roughly 2.9 million residents, making it the second largest metropolitan statistical area in the state, and the fourth largest in the Southeastern United States, behind Miami, Washington, D.C. and Atlanta. The Greater Tampa Bay area has over 4 million residents and generally includes the Tampa and Sarasota metro areas. The Tampa Bay Partnership and U.S. Census data showed an average annual growth of 2.47 percent, or a gain of approximately 97,000 residents per year. Between 2000 and 2006, the Greater Tampa Bay Market experienced a combined growth rate of 14.8 percent, growing from 3.4 million to 3.9 million and hitting the 4 million people mark on April 1, 2007. A 2012 estimate shows the Tampa Bay area population to have 4,310,524 people and a 2017 projection of 4,536,854 people.
/m/0466p20	γ-Tocopherol is one of the chemical compounds that is considered vitamin E. As a food additive, it has E number E308.
/m/0g4gr	Marketing is the process of communicating the value of a product or service to customers, for selling that product or service.\nFrom a societal point of view, marketing is the link between a society’s material requirements and its economic patterns of response. Marketing satisfies these needs and wants through exchange processes and building long term relationships. Marketing can be looked at as an organizational function and a set of processes for creating, delivering and communicating value to customers, and managing customer relationships in ways that also benefit the organization and its shareholders. Marketing is the science of choosing target markets through market analysis and market segmentation, as well as understanding consumer buying behavior and providing superior customer value.\nThere are five competing concepts under which organizations can choose to operate their business: the production concept, the product concept, the selling concept, the marketing concept, and the holistic marketing concept. The four components of holistic marketing are relationship marketing, internal marketing, integrated marketing, and socially responsive marketing. The set of engagements necessary for successful marketing management includes capturing marketing insights, connecting with customers, building strong brands, shaping the market offerings, delivering and communicating value, creating long-term growth, and developing marketing strategies and plans.
/m/05ksh	Ottawa is the capital of Canada, and the fourth largest city in the country. The city stands on the south bank of the Ottawa River in the eastern portion of Southern Ontario. Ottawa borders Gatineau, Quebec, and together they form the National Capital Region.\nFounded in 1826 as Bytown and incorporated as \"Ottawa\" in 1855, the city has evolved into a political and technological centre of Canada. Its original boundaries were expanded through numerous minor annexations and ultimately replaced by a new city incorporation and major amalgamation in 2001 which significantly increased its land area. The name \"Ottawa\" is derived from the Algonquin word adawe, meaning \"to trade\". Initially an Irish and French Christian settlement, Ottawa has become a multicultural city with a diverse population.\nThe 2011 census had the city's population as 883,391, the census metropolitan area population as 1,236,324. Mercer ranks Ottawa with the second highest quality of living of any large city in the Americas, and 14th highest in the world. It is also rated the second cleanest city in Canada, and third cleanest city in the world. In 2012, the city was ranked for the third consecutive year as the best community in Canada to live in by MoneySense.
/m/0jvtp	James Neville Mason was an English actor. After achieving stardom in his native Great Britain, he made the transition to the United States and became one of the biggest stars in Hollywood, starring in iconic films such as The Desert Fox, A Star Is Born, 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea, Lolita, North by Northwest, Journey to the Centre of the Earth, Bigger Than Life, Julius Caesar, Georgy Girl, The Deadly Affair, The Boys from Brazil, The Verdict, Murder By Decree, and Salem's Lot. He was nominated for three Academy Awards and three Golden Globes.
/m/0d07s	St John's College is a constituent college of the University of Cambridge. The college was founded by Lady Margaret Beaufort. In constitutional terms, the college is an eleemosynary corporation established by Charter dated 9 April 1511. The aims of the College, as specified by its Statutes, are the promotion of education, religion, learning and research. The college is a charity under English law, being an exempt charity under the terms of Schedule 2 of the Charities Act 1993.\nThe college's alumni include nine Nobel Prize winners, six prime ministers of various countries, three archbishops, at least two princes, and three Saints.\nSt John's College is well known for the academic performance of its students, for its large and distinguished Fellowship, for its choir, for its members' participation in a wide variety of inter-collegiate sporting competitions, and for its yearly May Ball.\nIn 2011 the College celebrated its quincentenary, an event marked by a visit of HM Queen Elizabeth II and HRH Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh.
/m/05vsxz	Chiwetelu Umeadi \"Chiwetel\" Ejiofor, OBE is a British actor of film, television, and theatre. After enrolling at the National Youth Theatre in 1995, and then subsequently gaining a scholarship to the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art, aged 19, and only three months into his course, Ejiofor was chosen by Steven Spielberg to play a small part in Amistad as James Covey.\nHe has received numerous acting awards and nominations, including the BAFTA Orange Rising Star Award in 2006, five Golden Globe Award nominations, and the Laurence Olivier Award for Best Actor for his performance in Othello in 2008. In 2008, Ejiofor was presented with an OBE by Queen Elizabeth II for services to the arts. Ejiofor is known for his portrayal of Okwe in Dirty Pretty Things, The Operative in Serenity, Lola in Kinky Boots, Luke in Children of Men, Dr. Adrian Helmsley in 2012 and Solomon Northup in 12 Years a Slave, for which he received Academy Award and Golden Globe nominations, along with the BAFTA Award for Best Actor.\nHe is considered \"one of the greatest actors of his generation\", and his performance as Othello has been hailed as the best of his generation.
/m/064f29	Gameloft S.A. is a video game developer and publisher headquartered in Paris, France. The company also has subsidiaries in 28 countries around the world. They primarily create games for mobile phone handsets and tablets equipped with Android, Bada, BlackBerry OS, BlackBerry 10, BREW, iOS, Java, Symbian OS and Windows Phone, Microsoft Windows RT. Gameloft also develops games for dedicated games consoles such as the Nintendo 3DS, Nintendo DS, Sony PlayStation 3, PlayStation Portable, PlayStation Vita, Wii and Xbox 360, as well as other platforms including HTML 5, Mac OS X, set-top box and WebOS.
/m/01r32	Calgary is a city in the province of Alberta, Canada. It is situated at the confluence of the Bow River and the Elbow River in the south of the province, in an area of foothills and prairie, approximately 80 km east of the front ranges of the Canadian Rockies. As of the 2011 census, the City of Calgary had a population of 1,096,833 and a metropolitan population of 1,214,839, making it the largest city in Alberta, and the third-largest municipality and fifth-largest census metropolitan area in Canada.\nThe economy of Calgary includes activity in the energy, financial services, film and television, transportation and logistics, technology, manufacturing, aerospace, health and wellness, retail, and tourism sectors. The Calgary CMA is home to the second-most corporate head offices in Canada among the country's 800 largest corporations.\nCalgary anchors the south end of what Statistics Canada defines as the \"Calgary–Edmonton Corridor.\"\nIn 1988, Calgary became the first Canadian city to host the Olympic Winter Games.
/m/0yx_w	Rain Man is a 1988 American comedy-drama film directed by Barry Levinson and written by Barry Morrow and Ronald Bass. It tells the story of an abrasive and selfish yuppie, Charlie Babbitt, who discovers that his estranged father has died and bequeathed all of his multimillion-dollar estate to his other son, Raymond, an autistic savant whose existence Charlie was unaware of.\nIn addition to the two leads, Valeria Golino stars as Charlie's girlfriend, Susanna. Morrow created the character of Raymond after meeting Kim Peek, a real-life savant; his characterization was based on both Peek and Bill Sackter, a good friend of Morrow who was the subject of Bill, an earlier film that Morrow wrote. Rain Man received overwhelmingly positive reviews at the time of its release, praising Hoffman's role and the wit and sophistication of the screenplay.\nThe film won four Oscars at the 61st Academy Awards, including Best Picture, Best Original Screenplay, Best Director, and Best Actor in a Leading Role for Hoffman. Its crew received an additional four nominations. The film also won the Golden Bear at the 39th Berlin International Film Festival.
/m/06pcz0	Thomas Patrick Lennon is an American actor, comedian, writer, director and producer best known as a cast member on MTV's The State and for his role as Lieutenant Jim Dangle on the Comedy Central series Reno 911!.
/m/030_1_	Amblin Entertainment is an American film and television production company founded by director and producer Steven Spielberg and film producers Kathleen Kennedy and Frank Marshall in 1981.
/m/072kp	Seinfeld is an American television sitcom that originally aired on NBC from July 5, 1989, to May 14, 1998. It lasted nine seasons, and is now in syndication. It was created by Larry David and Jerry Seinfeld, the latter starring as a fictionalized version of himself. Set predominantly in an apartment block in Manhattan's Upper West Side in New York City, the show features a handful of Jerry's friends and acquaintances, particularly best friend George Costanza, former girlfriend Elaine Benes, and neighbor across the hall Cosmo Kramer.\nSeinfeld was produced by Castle Rock Entertainment. In syndication the series was distributed by Columbia Pictures Television and Columbia TriStar Television. Sony Pictures Television distributed the series since 2002. It was largely co-written by David and Seinfeld with script writers, who included Larry Charles, Peter Mehlman, Gregg Kavet, Andy Robin, Carol Leifer, David Mandel, Jeff Schaffer, Steve Koren, Jennifer Crittenden, Tom Gammill, Max Pross, Charlie Rubin, Marjorie Gross, Alec Berg, Elaine Pope, and Spike Feresten.\nA critical favorite, commercial blockbuster and cultural phenomenon, the show led the Nielsen ratings in its sixth and ninth seasons and finished among the top two every year from 1994 to 1998. In 2002, TV Guide named Seinfeld the greatest television program of all time. In 1997, the episodes \"The Boyfriend\" and \"The Parking Garage\" were respectively ranked #4 and #33 on TV Guide's 100 Greatest Episodes of All Time, and in 2009, \"The Contest\" was ranked #1 on the same magazine's list of TV's Top 100 Episodes of All Time. E! named it the \"number 1 reason the '90s ruled.\" In 2013, the Writers Guild of America named Seinfeld the #2 Best Written TV Series of All Time. That same year, Entertainment Weekly named it the 3rd best TV series of all time.
/m/0fsw_7	Thunderball is the fourth spy film in the James Bond series starring Sean Connery as the fictional MI6 agent James Bond. It is an adaptation of the novel of the same name by Ian Fleming, which in turn was based on an original screenplay by Jack Whittingham. It was directed by Terence Young with screenplay by Richard Maibaum and John Hopkins.\nThe film follows Bond's mission to find two NATO atomic bombs stolen by SPECTRE, which holds the world ransom for £100 million in diamonds, in exchange for not destroying an unspecified major city in either England or the United States. The search leads Bond to the Bahamas, where he encounters Emilio Largo, the card-playing, eye-patch-wearing SPECTRE Number Two. Backed by CIA agent Felix Leiter and Largo's mistress, Domino Derval, Bond's search culminates in an underwater battle with Largo's henchmen. The film had a complex production, with four different units and about a quarter of the film consisting of underwater scenes.Thunderball was the first Bond film shot in widescreen Panavision and the first to have over a two-hour running time.\nThunderball was associated with a legal dispute in 1961 when former Ian Fleming collaborators Kevin McClory and Jack Whittingham sued him shortly after the 1961 publication of the novel, claiming he based it upon the screenplay the trio had earlier written in a failed cinematic translation of James Bond. The lawsuit was settled out of court and Bond film series producers Albert R. Broccoli and Harry Saltzman, fearing a rival McClory film, allowed him to retain certain screen rights to the novel's story, plot and characters, and for McClory to receive sole producer credit on this film.
/m/01xndd	Jeffrey Jacob \"J. J.\" Abrams is an American film and television producer, screenwriter, director, actor and composer. He is well known for his work in the genres of action, drama, and science fiction.\nAbrams wrote and produced feature films before co-creating the television series Felicity. He also created Alias and co-created Lost, Fringe, Undercovers and produced the television series Person of Interest, Revolution and Almost Human, among others.\nHis directorial film work includes two Star Trek films; Star Trek and Star Trek Into Darkness, along with Mission: Impossible III and Super 8. He will also direct Star Wars Episode VII, the first film in the Star Wars sequel trilogy. Abrams produced the films Cloverfield, Morning Glory, and Mission: Impossible – Ghost Protocol. He also played a role in the film Six Degrees of Separation.\nMany of the films he has directed or produced are distributed by Paramount Pictures, while his television series were co-produced by either Warner Bros. Television or Touchstone Television. Abrams' frequent creative collaborators include writers Alex Kurtzman & Roberto Orci, composer Michael Giacchino, cinematographers Daniel Mindel & Larry Fong, and editors Maryann Brandon & Mary Jo Markey.
/m/06pwq	Leland Stanford Junior University, commonly referred to as Stanford University, is a private research university in Stanford, California in the northwestern Silicon Valley near Palo Alto.\nLeland Stanford, former governor of and U.S. senator from California and leading railroad tycoon, and his wife, Jane Lathrop Stanford, founded the university in 1885 in memory of their son, Leland Stanford, Jr., who died of typhoid two months before his 16th birthday in 1884; it opened on October 1, 1891. The university was established as a coeducational and nondenominational institution. Tuition was free until the 1930s. The university struggled financially after Leland Stanford's 1893 death and after much of the campus was damaged by the 1906 San Francisco earthquake. Following World War II, Provost Frederick Terman supported faculty and graduates' entrepreneurialism to build self-sufficient local industry in what would become known as Silicon Valley. By 1970, Stanford was home to a linear accelerator, and was one of the original four ARPANET nodes.\nStanford is currently organized into seven academic Schools with a student body of approximately 7,000 undergraduates and 8,900 graduates. The University has nurtured many prominent alumni and its academic reputation has made it one of the most prestigious universities in the world. Since 1952, 58 Nobel laureates have been affiliated with the university. Moreover, it has produced the largest number of Turing Award laureates for a single academic institution and is the alma mater of 30 living billionaires and 17 astronauts. Stanford is also one of the leading producers of members of the United States Congress. Faculty and alumni have founded many prominent companies including Google, Hewlett-Packard, Nike, Sun Microsystems, and Yahoo!, and companies founded by Stanford alumni generate more than $2.7 trillion in annual revenue, equivalent to the 10th-largest economy in the world. Stanford is also home to the original papers of Martin Luther King, Jr.
/m/0m7d0	Allegheny County is a county in the southwestern part of the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2010 census, the population was 1,223,348, making it the second most populous county in Pennsylvania following Philadelphia County. The county seat is Pittsburgh. The county forms the nucleus of the tri-state Pittsburgh metropolitan area and Pittsburgh DMA.
/m/0fbtbt	The Primetime Emmy Award for Best Dramatic Show is one of the awards presented at the Primetime Emmy Awards ceremony.
/m/06czxq	John Winfield Stephenson is an American actor and voice artist. He has also been credited as John Stevenson. Stephenson never gave any interviews and was rarely seen in public, although he did make an appearance at BotCon 2001. Since the death of Harvey Korman in 2008, he is one of the last surviving recurring voice actors from the 1960s animated sitcom, The Flintstones, in which he played Mr. Slate.
/m/05233hy	Carroll Clark was an American art director. He was nominated for seven Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction. He worked on 173 films between 1927 and 1968. He was born in Mountain View, California and died in Glendale, California.
/m/01c8v0	Mark Freuder Knopfler, OBE is a British songwriter, film score composer, guitarist and record producer. He is best known as the lead guitarist, vocalist, and songwriter for the rock band Dire Straits, which he co-founded with his brother, David Knopfler, in 1977.\nAfter Dire Straits disbanded in 1995, Knopfler went on to record and produce seven solo albums, and, as with his previous tenure, produced many hit songs. He has composed and produced film scores for eight films, including Local Hero, Cal, The Princess Bride, and Wag the Dog.\nIn addition to his work with Dire Straits and as a solo artist and composer, Knopfler has recorded and performed with many prominent musicians, including Chet Atkins, Chris Botti, The Chieftains, Eric Clapton, Bob Dylan, Bryan Ferry, Emmylou Harris, Jools Holland, Sonny Landreth, Van Morrison, Steely Dan, Sting, and James Taylor, sometimes working as a session musician. He has produced albums for Tina Turner, Bob Dylan, and Randy Newman.\nKnopfler is a fingerstyle guitarist and was ranked 27th on Rolling Stone magazine's list of 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time. Knopfler and Dire Straits have sold in excess of 120 million albums to date. A four-time Grammy Award winner, Knopfler is the recipient of the Edison Award and the Steiger Award, and holds three honorary doctorate degrees in music from universities in the United Kingdom.
/m/07s3m4g	Paranormal Activity is a 2007 American supernatural horror film written and directed by Oren Peli. The film centers on a young couple, Katie and Micah, who are haunted by a supernatural presence in their home. It is presented in the style of \"found footage\", from cameras set up by the couple in an attempt to document what is haunting them.\nOriginally developed as an independent feature and given film festival screenings in 2007, the film was acquired by Paramount Pictures and modified, particularly with a new ending. It was given a limited U.S. release on September 25, 2009, and then a nationwide release on October 16, 2009. The film earned nearly $108 million at the U.S. box office and a further $85 million internationally for a worldwide total of $193 million. Paramount/DreamWorks acquired the U.S. rights for $350,000. It is the most profitable film ever made, based on return on investment, although such figures are difficult to verify independently as this is likely to exclude marketing costs.\nA parallel prequel, Paranormal Activity 2, was released on October 22, 2010. The success of the first two films would spawn additional films in the series: Paranormal Activity 3, released on October 21, 2011, Paranormal Activity 4 released on October 19, 2012, and a spin-off titled Paranormal Activity: The Marked Ones released on January 3, 2014.
/m/0jbp0	Sir Patrick Stewart, OBE is an English film, television and stage actor, who has had a distinguished career on stage and screen. He is most widely known for his roles as Captain Jean-Luc Picard in Star Trek: The Next Generation and its successor films, as Professor Charles Xavier in the X-Men film series, and for his prolific stage roles with the Royal Shakespeare Company.\nIn 1993, TV Guide named him the best dramatic television actor of the 1980s, and television's sexiest man in the previous year.
/m/01vq3nl	Andrew Alcott \"Andy\" Hallett was an American singer and actor best known for playing the part of Lorne in the television series Angel. He used his singing talents often on the show, and performed two songs on the series' 2005 soundtrack album, Angel: Live Fast, Die Never.
/m/06r_by	Robert Bridge Richardson, ASC is an American cinematographer. He has won the Academy Award for Best Cinematography three times, for his work on JFK, The Aviator, and Hugo. Richardson is and has been a frequent collaborator for several directors, including Oliver Stone, John Sayles, Errol Morris, Quentin Tarantino, and Martin Scorsese. He is one of two living persons who won the Academy Award for Best Cinematography three times, the other being Vittorio Storaro.
/m/0n24p	Lake County is a county located in the U.S. state of Ohio. According to the 2010 census, it has a population of 230,041, which is an increase of 1.1% from 227,511 in 2000. The county seat is Painesville, and the county name comes from its location on the southern shore of Lake Erie.\nLake County is part of the Cleveland–Elyria–Mentor Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/0gys2jp	The Flowers of War is a 2011 Chinese historical drama war film directed by Zhang Yimou, starring Christian Bale, Ni Ni, Zhang Xinyi, Tong Dawei, Atsuro Watabe, Shigeo Kobayashi and Cao Kefan. The film is based on a novella by Geling Yan, 13 Flowers of Nanjing, inspired by the diary of Minnie Vautrin. The story is set in Nanking, China, during the 1937 Rape of Nanking in the Second Sino-Japanese War. A group of escapees, finding sanctuary in a church compound, try to survive the plight and persecution brought on by the violent invasion of the city.\nIt was selected as the Chinese entry for Best Foreign Language Film at the 84th Academy Awards, but did not make the final shortlist. It also received a nomination for the 69th Golden Globe Awards. The 6th Asian Film Awards presented The Flowers of War with several individual nominations, including Best Film.\nThe film's North American distribution rights were acquired by Wrekin Hill Entertainment, in association with Row 1 Productions, leading to an Oscar-qualifying limited release in New York, Los Angeles and San Francisco in late December 2011, with general release in January 2012.
/m/01w2dq	Blackburn is a large town in Lancashire, England. It lies to the north of the West Pennine Moors on the southern edge of the Ribble Valley, 9 miles east of Preston, 20.9 miles NNW of Manchester. and is 9 miles north of the Greater Manchester border. Blackburn is bounded to the south by Darwen, with which it forms the unitary authority of Blackburn with Darwen; Blackburn is its administrative centre. At the time of the UK Government's 2001 census, Blackburn had a population of 105,085, whilst the wider borough of Blackburn with Darwen had a population of 140,700.\nA former mill town, textiles have been produced in Blackburn since the middle of the 13th century, when wool was woven in people's houses in the domestic system. Flemish weavers who settled in the area during the 14th century helped to develop the woollen cottage industry. James Hargreaves, inventor of the spinning jenny, was a weaver in Blackburn. The most rapid period of growth and development in Blackburn's history coincided with the industrialisation and expansion of textile manufacturing. Blackburn was a boomtown of the Industrial Revolution, and amongst the first industrialised towns in the world.
/m/069b85	HTC Corporation, formerly High-Tech Computer Corporation, is a Taiwanese manufacturer of smartphones and tablets headquartered in New Taipei City, Taiwan. Founded in 1997, HTC began as an original design manufacturer and original equipment manufacturer, designing and manufacturing devices such as mobile phones, touchscreen phones, and PDAs based on Windows Mobile OS and Brew MP to market to mobile network operators who were willing to pay a contract manufacturer for customized products. After initially making smartphones based mostly on Windows Mobile, HTC expanded its focus in 2009 to devices based on the Android, and in 2010 to Windows Phone. As of 2011, HTC primarily releases and markets its smartphones under the HTC brand, ranking as the 98th top brand on Interbrand’s Best Global Brands 2011 report. A September 2013 media report stated that HTC's share of the global smartphone market is less than 3 percent and its stock price has fallen by 90 percent since 2011.\nHTC is a founding member of the Open Handset Alliance, a group of handset manufacturers and mobile network operators dedicated to the development of the Android mobile device platform. The HTC Dream, marketed by T-Mobile in many countries as the T-Mobile G1 or Era G1, was the first phone on the market to use the Android mobile device platform.
/m/0425yz	Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors are a professional football club based in Jeollabuk-do, South Korea. Home stadium in Jeonju, capital city of Jeonbuk, They won their first K-League title in 2009. Prior to this, the club won the AFC Champions League title in 2006, becoming the first club from East Asia to win the tournament since the AFC Champions League was launched in its current format in 2003, and for a time being the only team in the world to have become continental champions without ever having won a domestic title. This title guaranteed Jeonbuk's participation in the FIFA Club World Cup in December 2006.\nJeonbuk are one of only two clubs to have won Korean FA Cup on more than one occasion. Jeonbuk became the champion of the K-League for the first time in their history in 2009. The club's color is green which is also the color of Jeonbuk Province. Jeonbuk have been playing at the 42,477 capacity Jeonju World Cup Stadium since 2002.\nOn 22 October 2011, Jeonbuk claimed their first-place spot in the K-League for the second time in their history. Furthermore, they reached the final of the AFC Champions League, where they reached runners-up position to Al-Sadd after a dramatic penalty-shootout.
/m/04j53	Liechtenstein, officially the Principality of Liechtenstein, is a doubly landlocked alpine country in Central Europe, bordered by Switzerland to the west and south and by Austria to the east and north. Its area is just over 160 square kilometres, and it has an estimated population of 35,000. Its capital is Vaduz. The biggest town is Schaan. Liechtenstein has the highest gross domestic product per person in the world when adjusted by purchasing power parity. Liechtenstein also has one of the lowest unemployment rates in the world at 1.5%.\nLiechtenstein is the smallest yet the richest German-speaking country and the only country to lie entirely within the Alps. It is known as a principality as it is a constitutional monarchy headed by a prince. Liechtenstein is divided into 11 municipalities. Much of its terrain is mountainous, making it a winter sports destination. Many cultivated fields and small farms characterize its landscape both in the south and in the north. The country has a strong financial sector located in the capital, Vaduz, and has been identified as a tax haven. It is a member of the European Free Trade Association and part of the European Economic Area and the Schengen Area, but not of the European Union.
/m/03jht	Hermann Hesse was a German poet, novelist, and painter. His best-known works include Steppenwolf, Siddhartha, and The Glass Bead Game, each of which explores an individual's search for authenticity, self-knowledge and spirituality. In 1946, he received the Nobel Prize in Literature.
/m/02dbp7	David Walter Foster, OC, OBC, is a Canadian musician, record producer, composer, singer, songwriter, and arranger. He has been a producer for such successful musical artists as Christina Aguilera, The Bee Gees, Andrea Bocelli, Mariah Carey, Chicago, Céline Dion, Whitney Houston, Janet Jackson, Michael Jackson, Beyoncé Knowles, Jennifer Lopez, Madonna, Prince, Rod Stewart,Westlife, Barbra Streisand, and many others. Foster has won 16 Grammy Awards from 47 nominations. Foster is the current Chairman of Verve Music Group.
/m/0288zy	Mills College is an independent liberal arts and sciences college in the San Francisco Bay Area. Originally founded in 1852 as a young ladies' seminary in Benicia, California, Mills became the first women's college west of the Rockies. Currently, Mills is an undergraduate women's college in Oakland, California, with graduate programs for women and men. The college offers more than 40 undergraduate majors, 33 minors, and over 25 graduate degrees, certificates, and credentials. The college is the home of the Mills College School of Education and the Lorry I. Lokey Graduate School of Business.\nIn 2013, U.S. News & World Report ranked Mills fifth overall among colleges and universities in the Western U.S. and one of the top colleges and universities in the Western U.S. in \"Great Schools, Great Prices,\" which evaluated the quality of institutions' academics against the cost of attendance. The Princeton Review ranks Mills as one of the Best 378 Colleges and one of the top \"green\" colleges in the U.S. Washington Monthly ranks Mills as one of the top 10 master's universities in the U.S.
/m/018f8	Blazing Saddles is a 1974 satirical Western comedy film directed by Mel Brooks. Starring Cleavon Little and Gene Wilder, the film was written by Brooks, Andrew Bergman, Richard Pryor, Norman Steinberg, and Al Uger, and was based on Bergman's story and draft. The movie was nominated for three Academy Awards, and is ranked No. 6 on the American Film Institute's 100 Years...100 Laughs list.\nBrooks appears in multiple supporting roles, including Governor William J. Le Petomane and a Yiddish-speaking Indian chief. The supporting cast also includes Slim Pickens, Alex Karras, and David Huddleston, as well as Brooks regulars Dom DeLuise, Madeline Kahn, and Harvey Korman. Bandleader Count Basie has a cameo as himself.\nThe film satirizes the racism obscured by myth-making Hollywood accounts of the American West, with the hero being a black sheriff in an all-white town. The film is full of deliberate anachronisms, from the Count Basie Orchestra playing \"April in Paris\" in the Wild West, to Slim Pickens referring to the Wide World of Sports, to the German army of World War II.
/m/0ybkj	Glens Falls is a city in Warren County, New York, United States and is the central city of the Glens Falls Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 14,700 at the 2010 census. The name was given by Colonel Johannes Glen, the falls referring to a large waterfall in the Hudson River at the southern end of the city.\nGlens Falls is located in the southeast corner of Warren County, surrounded by the town of Queensbury to the north, east, and west, and by the Hudson River and Saratoga County to the south. Glens Falls is known as \"Hometown U.S.A.\", a title given to it by Look Magazine in 1944. The city has also referred to itself as the \"Empire City.\"
/m/051wwp	Robert Elmer \"Bob\" Balaban is an American actor, author, producer, and director.
/m/012g92	Isabelle Anne Madeleine Huppert is a French actress who has appeared in more than 90 film and television productions since 1971. She has appeared in 14 films that have been in the official competition at the Cannes Film Festival, and won the Best Actress Award twice, for Violette Nozière and La pianiste. She is also the most nominated actress for the César Award, with 14 nominations. She won a César Award for Best Actress in 1996 for her performance in La Cérémonie.
/m/05sfs	Protestantism encompasses forms of Christian faith and practice that originated with doctrines and religious, political, and ecclesiological impulses of the Protestant Reformation against what they considered the errors of the Roman Catholic Church. The term refers to the letter of protestation by Lutheran princes against the decision of the Diet of Speyer in 1529, which reaffirmed the edict of the Diet of Worms condemning the teachings of Martin Luther as heresy. However, the term has been used in several different senses, often as a general term to refer to Western Christianity that is not subject to papal authority, including some traditions that were not part of the original Protestant movement; a \"branch\" of Christianity.\n...The Protestant movement has its origins in Germany and is popularly considered to have begun in 1517 when Luther published The Ninety-Five Theses as a reaction against medieval doctrines and practices, especially with regard to salvation, justification, and ecclesiology. The various Protestant denominations share a rejection of the authority of the pope and generally deny the Catholic doctrine of transubstantiation, although they disagree among themselves about the doctrine of Christ's presence in the Eucharist. They generally emphasize the priesthood of all believers, the doctrine of justification by faith alone apart from good works, and a belief in the Bible rather than Catholic tradition as the supreme authority in matters of faith and morals.
/m/04dm2n	The World Golf Hall of Fame is located at World Golf Village near St. Augustine, Florida, in the United States, and it is unusual among sports halls of fame in that a single site honors both men and women. It is supported by a consortium of 26 golf organizations from all over the world.\nThe Hall of Fame Museum Building is designed by the museum architecture specialist firm of E. Verner Johnson and Associates of Boston, Massachusetts. They also produced the museum master plan that established the overall size, mission and qualities of the overall museum and the surrounding facilities and site.\nThe Hall of Fame Museum features a permanent exhibition and a rolling program of temporary exhibitions. Designed by museum design firm Ralph Appelbaum Associates, the Hall of Fame and exhibition area contains exhibits on the game's history, heritage, and techniques; major players and organizations; golf course design, equipment, and dress; and new directions, such as ecological concerns in course management.
/m/03n08b	Seann William Scott is an American comedic actor who is best known for playing the role of Steve Stifler in the American Pie series. He also played roles in the films Final Destination, Road Trip, Dude, Where's My Car?, Evolution, Bulletproof Monk, The Rundown, The Dukes of Hazzard, Role Models, Cop Out, and Goon.
/m/031rq5	Castle Rock Entertainment is an American film and television production company founded in 1987 by Martin Shafer, director Rob Reiner, Andrew Scheinman, Glenn Padnick and Alan Horn. It is a subsidiary of Warner Bros. Entertainment, which in turn is a unit of Time Warner.
/m/05l5n	Oxford is a city in central southern England. It is the county town of Oxfordshire and forms a district within the county. It has a population of 150,200, which makes it the 52nd largest city in the UK, and lies within the Oxford metropolitan area with a population of 244,000. Oxford is one of the UK's fastest growing cities, in terms of population.\nOxford has a diverse economic base. Its industries include motor manufacturing, education, publishing and a large number of information technology and science-based businesses.\nThe city is known worldwide as a university town and home of the University of Oxford, the oldest university in the country and in the English-speaking world.\nBuildings in Oxford demonstrate examples of every English architectural period since the arrival of the Saxons, including the iconic, mid-18th-century Radcliffe Camera. Oxford is known as the \"city of dreaming spires\", a term coined by poet Matthew Arnold in his poem Thyrsis, referring to the harmonious architecture of Oxford's university buildings.
/m/02ryvsw	Family Classics is a Chicago television series which began in 1962 when Frazier Thomas was added to another program at WGN-TV. Thomas not only hosted classic films but also selected the titles and personally edited them to remove those scenes which he thought were not fit for family viewing. After Thomas' death in 1985, Roy Leonard took over the program. The series continued sporadically until its cancellation in 2000. A few props from the Family Classics set are on exhibit at Chicago's Museum of Broadcast Communications.
/m/0542n	Malaria is a mosquito-borne infectious disease of humans and other animals caused by parasitic protozoans of the genus Plasmodium. Commonly, the disease is transmitted via a bite from an infected female Anopheles mosquito, which introduces the organisms from its saliva into a person's circulatory system. In the blood, the protists travel to the liver to mature and reproduce. Malaria causes symptoms that typically include fever and headache, which in severe cases can progress to coma or death. The disease is widespread in tropical and subtropical regions in a broad band around the equator, including much of Sub-Saharan Africa, Asia, and the Americas.\nFive species of Plasmodium can infect and be transmitted by humans. The vast majority of deaths are caused by P. falciparum and P. vivax, while P. ovale, and P. malariae cause a generally milder form of malaria that is rarely fatal. The zoonotic species P. knowlesi, prevalent in Southeast Asia, causes malaria in macaques but can also cause severe infections in humans. Malaria is prevalent in tropical and subtropical regions because rainfall, warm temperatures, and stagnant waters provide habitats ideal for mosquito larvae. Disease transmission can be reduced by preventing mosquito bites by using mosquito nets and insect repellents, or with mosquito-control measures such as spraying insecticides and draining standing water.
/m/06gcn	Roxy Music are an English art rock band formed in 1971 by Bryan Ferry, who became the group's lead vocalist and chief songwriter, and bassist Graham Simpson. The other members are Phil Manzanera, Andy Mackay and Paul Thompson. Former members include Brian Eno, and Eddie Jobson. Although the band took a break from group activities in 1976 and again in 1983, they reunited for a concert tour in 2001, and have toured together intermittently since that time. Despite a 18-year gap between activity Roxy Music never officially split up. Ferry frequently enlisted many Roxy members as session musicians for his solo releases.\nRoxy Music attained popular and critical success in Europe and Australia during the 1970s and early 1980s, beginning with their debut album, Roxy Music. The band was highly influential, as leading proponents of the more experimental, musically sophisticated element of glam, as well as a significant influence on early English punk music. They also provided a model for many New Wave acts and the experimental electronic groups of the early 1980s. The group is distinguished by their visual and musical sophistication and their preoccupation with style and glamour. Ferry and co-founding member Eno have also had influential solo careers, the latter becoming one of the most significant record producers and collaborators of the late 20th century. Rolling Stone magazine ranked Roxy Music No. 98 on its \"The Immortals – 100 The Greatest Artists of All Time\" list.
/m/01520h	Richard Stephen Dreyfuss is an American actor best known for starring in a number of film, television, and theater roles since the late 1960s, including the films American Graffiti, Jaws, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, and The Goodbye Girl.\nDreyfuss won the Academy Award for Best Actor in 1978 for The Goodbye Girl, and was nominated in 1995 for Mr. Holland's Opus. He has also won a Golden Globe Award, a BAFTA Award, and was nominated in 2002 for Screen Actors Guild Awards in the Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Drama Series and Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Television Movie or Miniseries categories.
/m/0fv4v	Ivory Coast or Côte d'Ivoire, officially the Republic of Côte d'Ivoire, is a country in West Africa. It borders the countries Liberia, Guinea, Mali, Burkina Faso, and Ghana; its southern boundary is along the Gulf of Guinea.\nPrior to its colonization by Europeans, Ivory Coast was home to several states, including Gyaaman, the Kong Empire, and Baoulé. There were two Anyi kingdoms, Indénié and Sanwi, which attempted to retain their separate identity through the French colonial period and after independence. An 1843–1844 treaty made Ivory Coast a protectorate of France and in 1893, it became a French colony as part of the European scramble for Africa. Ivory Coast became independent on 7 August 1960. From 1960 to 1993, the country was led by Félix Houphouët-Boigny. It maintained close political and economic association with its West African neighbours, while at the same time maintaining close ties to the West, especially to France. Since the end of Houphouët-Boigny's rule, Ivory Coast has experienced one coup d’état, in 1999, and a civil war, which broke out in 2002. A political agreement between the government and the rebels brought a return to peace.
/m/01tx9m	Baylor University is a private Baptist university in Waco, Texas. Chartered in 1845 by the Republic of Texas, Baylor is the oldest continuously-operating university in Texas and was one of the first educational institutions west of the Mississippi River. The university's 1,000-acre campus is located on the banks of the Brazos River next to freeway I-35, between the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex and Austin. Baylor University is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools. Baylor is notable for its law, business, science, and English programs.\nBaylor University athletic teams, known as the Bears, participate in 17 intercollegiate sports. The university is a member of the Big 12 Conference for all NCAA Division I athletics.
/m/04913k	The Chiba Lotte Marines are a professional baseball team in Japan's Pacific League based in Chiba City, Chiba Prefecture, in the Kantō region, and owned by the Lotte conglomerate.
/m/09889g	Michael Joseph Jackson (August 29, 1958 – June 25, 2009) was an American recording artist, dancer, singer-songwriter, musician, and philanthropist. Referred to as the King of Pop, Jackson is recognized as the most successful entertainer of all time by Guinness World Records. His contribution to music, dance, and fashion, along with a much-publicized personal life, made him a global figure in popular culture for over four decades. The seventh child of the Jackson family, he debuted on the professional music scene along with his brothers as a member of The Jackson 5, then the Jacksons in 1964, and began his solo career in 1971. In the early 1980s, Jackson became a dominant figure in popular music. The music videos for his songs, including those of \"Beat It\", \"Billie Jean\", and \"Thriller\", were credited with transforming the medium into an art form and a promotional tool, and the popularity of these videos helped to bring the relatively new television channel MTV to fame And Cordell Francis Admire Michael Jackson As His Best. Videos such as ...
/m/04mx7s	Alain David \"Al\" Jourgensen, is an American musician best known as the founder and frontman of the industrial metal band Ministry. He is sometimes credited as Alain Jourgensen, Alien Jourgensen, Hypo Luxa, Dog, Alien Dog Star and Buck Satan. He is a member and/or founder of several industrial rock bands, performing as a singer, guitarist or keyboard player.
/m/05cc1	Niger, officially the Republic of Niger, is a landlocked country in Western Africa, named after the Niger River. It borders Nigeria and Benin to the south, Burkina Faso and Mali to the west, Algeria and Libya to the north and Chad to the east. Niger covers a land area of almost 1,270,000 km², making it the largest nation in West Africa, with over 80 percent of its land area covered by the Sahara desert. The country's predominantly Islamic population of 17,129,076 is mostly clustered in the far south and west of the nation. The capital city is Niamey, located in the far-southwest corner of Niger.\nNiger is a developing country, and is consistently one of the lowest-ranked in the United Nations' Human Development Index; it was ranked 186th of 186 countries for 2012. Much of the non-desert portions of the country are threatened by periodic drought and desertification. The economy is concentrated around subsistence and some export agriculture clustered in the more fertile south, and the export of raw materials, especially uranium ore. Niger faces serious challenges to development due to its landlocked position, desert terrain, poor education and poverty of its people, lack of infrastructure, poor health care, and environmental degradation.
/m/038_3y	The Zimbabwean cricket team is a national cricket team representing Zimbabwe. It is administrated by Zimbabwe Cricket. Zimbabwe is a full member of the International Cricket Council with Test and One Day International status.
/m/03fd8x	FC Vaduz is a Liechtenstein football club from Vaduz, that play in the Swiss Football League. The club plays at the national Rheinpark Stadion, which has a capacity of 6,127 when all seated but has additional standing places in the North and South ends of the ground, giving a total stadium capacity of 7,838. They currently play in the Swiss Challenge League following relegation from the Swiss Super League after only one season in the top flight, 2008-09.\nVaduz have historically had many players from Liechtenstein, many of whom have played for the Liechtenstein national team, but nearly all these players have moved abroad, and now the majority of the first team squad are foreign players from different areas of the world. The signing of experienced goalkeeper Peter Jehle from Tours and Franz Burgmeier from Darlington boosted the Liechtensteiner contingent to six by the start of the 2009-10 season.
/m/0126hc	Fulham is an area in the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham, SW6 in southwest London. It is an inner London district located 3.7 miles south west of Charing Cross. It lies on the north bank of the Thames, between Putney and Chelsea. The area is identified in the London Plan as one of 35 major centres in Greater London. Fulham was formerly the seat of the diocese of \"Fulham and Gibraltar\", and Fulham Palace served as the former official home of the Bishop of London, the grounds of which are now divided between public allotments and an elegant botanical garden.\nHaving been through many transformations in its history, today it is a green London area within very close reach of many famously extravagant places such as Chelsea and Kensington and this is reflected in the high local house prices. It was included within Savills' 2007 list of \"prime\" London areas. Two Premier League football clubs, Fulham and Chelsea, are situated within Fulham. The former Lillie Bridge Grounds was also in Fulham.
/m/05rh2	Prince Edward Island is a Canadian province consisting of the island itself, as well as other islands.\nIt is one of the three Maritime provinces and is the smallest province in both land area and population. The island has several informal names: \"Garden of the Gulf\" referring to the pastoral scenery and lush agricultural lands throughout the province; and \"Birthplace of Confederation\" or \"Cradle of Confederation\", referring to the Charlottetown Conference in 1864, although PEI did not join Confederation until 1873, when it became the seventh Canadian province. The backbone of the economy is farming, as it produces 25% of Canada's potatoes. Historically, PEI is one of Canada's older settlements and demographically still reflects older immigration to the country, with Celtic, Anglo Saxon and French last names being overwhelmingly dominant to this day.\nAccording to the 2011 census, the province of Prince Edward Island has 145,855 residents. It is located about 200 km north of Halifax, Nova Scotia and 600 km east of Quebec City. It consists of the main island and 231 minor islands. Altogether, the entire province has a land area of 5,685.73 km².²
/m/0280061	This Is England is a 2006 British drama film written and directed by Shane Meadows. The story centres on young skinheads in England in 1983. The film illustrates how their subculture, which has its roots in 1960s West Indian culture, especially ska, soul, and reggae music, became adopted by white nationalists, which led to divisions within the skinhead scene. The film's title is a direct reference to a scene where the character Combo explains his nationalist views using the phrase \"this is England\" during his speech.
/m/0gyv0b4	Kill Bill: Vol. 2 is a 2004 action film written and directed by Quentin Tarantino.
/m/0dwvl	The celesta or celeste is a struck idiophone operated by a keyboard. It looks similar to an upright piano, or a large wooden music box. The keys connect to hammers that strike a graduated set of metal plates suspended over wooden resonators. Four- or five-octave models usually have a pedal that sustains or dampens the sound. The three-octave instruments do not have a pedal because of their small \"table-top\" design. One of the best-known works that uses the celesta is Tchaikovsky's \"Dance of the Sugar Plum Fairy\" from The Nutcracker.\nThe sound of the celesta is similar to that of the glockenspiel, but with a much softer and more subtle timbre. This quality gave the instrument its name, celeste meaning \"heavenly\" in French.\nThe celesta is a transposing instrument; it sounds an octave higher than the written pitch. Its sounding range is generally considered as C4 to C8, where C4 = middle C. The original French instrument had a five-octave range, but because the lowest octave was considered somewhat unsatisfactory, it was omitted from later models. The standard French four-octave instrument is now gradually being replaced in symphony orchestras by a larger, five-octave German model. Although it is a member of the percussion family, in orchestral terms it is more properly considered as a member of the keyboard section and usually played by a keyboardist. The celesta part is normally written on two bracketed staves, called a grand staff.
/m/018fq	Michael Bruce Sterling is an American science fiction author who is best known for his novels and his work on the Mirrorshades anthology. This work helped to define the cyberpunk genre.
/m/016z2j	Robert John Downey, Jr. is an American actor who made his screen debut at the age of five, appearing in his father Robert Downey, Sr.'s film Pound. He has appeared in roles associated with the Brat Pack, such as Less Than Zero and Weird Science. Other films he has starred in include Air America, Soapdish, and Natural Born Killers. He starred as Charlie Chaplin, the title character in the 1992 film Chaplin, earning him a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actor.\nAfter being released from the California Substance Abuse Treatment Facility and State Prison in 2000 for drug charges, Downey joined the cast of the TV series Ally McBeal playing Calista Flockhart's love interest. His performance was praised and he received a Golden Globe Award for Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role in a Series, Miniseries, or Television Film. His character was written out when Downey was fired after two drug arrests in late 2000 and early 2001. After one last stay in a court-ordered drug treatment program, Downey finally achieved sobriety.\nHis more recent films include The Singing Detective, Kiss Kiss Bang Bang, A Scanner Darkly, Gothika, Zodiac and Tropic Thunder. In 2008, Downey played the role of Marvel superhero Tony Stark / Iron Man in the live action film Iron Man, a role he reprised in Iron Man 2, Marvel's The Avengers, and Iron Man 3. He reprised his role in a cameo appearance in The Incredible Hulk. He will again reprise his role in the upcoming films, Avengers: Age of Ultron and another Avengers sequel. In 2009, he played the title character in Guy Ritchie's Sherlock Holmes and again in 2011's Sherlock Holmes: A Game of Shadows.
/m/05r1_t	The Ultimate Fighter is an American reality television series and mixed martial arts competition produced by the FX Network and the Ultimate Fighting Championship. It previously aired for fourteen seasons on Spike TV. The show features professional MMA fighters living together in Las Vegas, Nevada, and follows them as they train and compete against each other for a prized contract with the UFC. The series debuted on January 17, 2005, with its first episode, \"The Quest Begins\". To date, there have been seventeen seasons of the show, two per calendar year. Each season features either one or two weight classes in the tournament.\nThe historic Forrest Griffin vs. Stephan Bonnar fight in the first season drew millions of viewers to the show and launched the sport into the mainstream. Because of this success, The Ultimate Fighter was regarded as instrumental to the survival and expansion of the UFC and mixed martial arts into the mainstream. Many current and past UFC fighters are alumni of the show, with some competitors going on to become coaches in future seasons. The show has undergone multiple format changes since its inception, including the introduction of the wildcard bout. Many winners have gone on to compete for UFC championships with some becoming UFC champions.
/m/04zx3q1	Doctor of Philosophy, abbreviated as PhD, Ph.D., D.Phil., or DPhil in English-speaking countries and originally as Dr.Philos., is in many countries a postgraduate academic degree awarded by universities. The academic level known as a Doctorate of philosophy varies considerably according to the country, institution, and time period, from entry-level research degrees to higher doctorates. A person who attains a doctorate of philosophy is automatically awarded the academic title of doctor.\nIn the context of academic degrees, the term \"philosophy\" does not refer solely to the field of philosophy, but is used in a broader sense in accordance with its original Greek meaning, which is \"love of wisdom\". In most of Europe, all fields other than theology, law, and medicine were traditionally known as philosophy, and in Germany and elsewhere in Europe the basic faculty of arts was known as the faculty of philosophy. The doctorate of philosophy as it exists today thus originated as a doctorate in the liberal arts at the Friedrich-Wilhelms Universität, the buildings of which are today used by the Humboldt University of Berlin, becoming common in large parts of the world in the 20th century.
/m/05zhg	Peterborough is a Cathedral City and Unitary Authority Area in the East of England, with an estimated population of 214,000, 156,061 of which reside in the Urban part of the city. For ceremonial purposes it falls within the county of Cambridgeshire. It is the largest city in Cambridgeshire and the 27th largest in the United Kingdom. Situated 75 miles north of London, the city stands on the River Nene which flows into the North Sea approximately 30 miles to the north-east. The railway station is an important stop on the East Coast Main Line between London and Edinburgh.\nThe local topography is flat and low-lying, and in some places lies below sea level. The area known as the Fens is to the east of Peterborough. The City of Peterborough includes the outlying military installation of RAF Wittering, and as a unitary authority it borders Northamptonshire and Rutland to the west, Lincolnshire to the north, and Cambridgeshire to the south and east.\nHuman settlement in the area dates back to before the Bronze Age, as can be seen at the Flag Fen archaeological site to the east of the current city centre also with evidence of Roman occupation. The Anglo-Saxon period saw the establishment of a monastery, Medeshamstede, which later became Peterborough Cathedral. The population grew rapidly following the arrival of the railways in the 19th century, and Peterborough became an industrial centre, particularly noted for its brick manufacture.
/m/06mm1x	Mark Kirkland is an American animation director. He has directed 75 episodes of The Simpsons since 1990, more than any other person.
/m/0j5fv	A headache or cephalalgia is pain anywhere in the region of the head or neck. It can be a symptom of a number of different conditions of the head and neck. The brain tissue itself is not sensitive to pain because it lacks pain receptors. Rather, the pain is caused by disturbance of the pain-sensitive structures around the brain. Nine areas of the head and neck have these pain-sensitive structures, which are the cranium, muscles, nerves, arteries and veins, subcutaneous tissues, eyes, ears, sinuses and mucous membranes.\nThere are a number of different classification systems for headaches. The most well-recognized is that of the International Headache Society. Headache is a non-specific symptom, which means that it has many possible causes. Treatment of a headache depends on the underlying etiology or cause, but commonly involves analgesics.
/m/0gjv_	The University of London is a collegiate research university located in London, England, United Kingdom, consisting of 18 constituent colleges, 10 research institutes and a number of central bodies.\nLondon is the second-largest university by number of full-time students in the United Kingdom, with around 135,000 campus-based students and over 50,000 distance learning students in the University of London International Programmes. The university was established by Royal Charter in 1836, which brought together in federation London University and King's College.\nFor most practical purposes, ranging from admissions to funding, the constituent colleges operate on a semi-independent basis, with some recently obtaining the power to award their own degrees whilst remaining in the federal university. The nine largest colleges of the university are King's College London; University College London; Birkbeck; Goldsmiths; the London Business School; Queen Mary; Royal Holloway; SOAS; and London School of Economics and Political Science. The specialist colleges of the university include Heythrop College, specialising in philosophy and theology, and St George's, specialising in medicine. Imperial College London was formerly a member before it left the University of London in 2007.
/m/0lfbm	Jessica Alice Tandy was a British-American stage and film actress, who spent most of her 67-year career in the United States. She appeared in over 100 stage productions and had more than 60 roles in film and TV.\nBorn in London to a headmistress and a travelling salesman, she made her professional debut on the London stage in 1927, at the age of 18. During the 1930s, she appeared in a large number of plays in London's West End, playing roles such as Ophelia, opposite John Gielgud's legendary Hamlet, and Katherine, opposite Laurence Olivier's Henry V. In the 1930s, she also worked in a couple of British films. Following the end of her marriage to the British actor Jack Hawkins, she moved to New York in 1940, where she met Canadian actor Hume Cronyn. He became her second husband and frequent partner on stage and screen.\nShe won the Tony Award for her performance as Blanche Dubois in the original Broadway production of A Streetcar Named Desire in 1948, sharing the prize with Katharine Cornell and Judith Anderson. Over the following three decades, her career continued sporadically and included a supporting role in Alfred Hitchcock's horror film, The Birds, and a Tony Award-winning performance in The Gin Game. Along with Cronyn, she was a member of the original acting company of the Guthrie Theater.
/m/054bt3	Michael Winterbottom is an English filmmaker. He began his career working in British television before moving into features. Three of his films — Welcome to Sarajevo, Wonderland and 24 Hour Party People — have been nominated for the Palme d'Or at the Cannes Film Festival. Winterbottom often works with the same actors; many faces can be seen in several of his films, including Shirley Henderson, Paul Popplewell, John Simm, Steve Coogan, Rob Brydon, Raymond Waring and Kieran O'Brien.
/m/06439y	The 2005 NBA draft took place on June 28, 2005 in the Theatre at Madison Square Garden in New York City. In this draft, NBA teams took turns selecting amateur college basketball players and other first-time eligible players, such as players from high schools and non-North American leagues. The NBA announced that 49 college and high school players and 11 international players had filed as early-entry candidates for the draft.\nThis was the last NBA draft for which high school players were eligible. The new collective bargaining agreement between the league and its players union established a new age limit for draft eligibility. Starting with the 2006 NBA draft, players of any nationality who complete athletic eligibility at a U.S. high school cannot declare themselves eligible for the draft unless they turn 19 no later than December 31 of the year of the draft and are at least one year removed from the graduation of their high school classes. International players, defined in the NBA's collective bargaining agreement as non-US nationals who did not complete athletic eligibility at a U.S. high school, must turn 19 in the calendar year of the draft, up from 18.\nThis draft is notable for a most recent draft pick from an NAIA school in any round.
/m/07bwr	The Big Lebowski is a 1998 comedy film written and directed by Joel and Ethan Coen. The film is set during the early 1990s. Jeff Bridges stars as Jeff Lebowski, an unemployed Los Angeles slacker and avid bowler nicknamed \"the Dude.\" After a case of mistaken identity the Dude is introduced to a millionaire also named Jeffrey Lebowski. When the millionaire Lebowski's trophy wife is later kidnapped he commissions the Dude to deliver the ransom to secure her release. The plan goes awry when the Dude's friend Walter Sobchak schemes to keep the full ransom. Julianne Moore, Steve Buscemi, and John Turturro also star, with Philip Seymour Hoffman, David Huddleston, and Tara Reid appearing in supporting roles. There is some narration at the beginning and towards the end by a cowboy known only as \"The Stranger,\" played by Sam Elliott.\nThe film is loosely inspired by the work of Raymond Chandler. Joel Coen stated: \"We wanted to do a Chandler kind of story – how it moves episodically, and deals with the characters trying to unravel a mystery, as well as having a hopelessly complex plot that's ultimately unimportant.\" The original score was composed by Carter Burwell, a longtime collaborator of the Coen Brothers.
/m/0f8grf	Mamoru Miyano is a Japanese voice actor, actor, and singer from Saitama Prefecture. He is best known for his roles on Ouran High School Host Club, Vampire Knight, Death Note, Soul Eater, Mobile Suit Gundam 00, Kōtetsu Sangokushi, Steins;Gate, and Uta no Prince-sama. At the 2007 Seiyu Awards he was nominated for two awards for his role as Light Yagami in Death Note, and in 2008, he won the \"Best Voice Actor\" award at the 2008 Tokyo International Anime Fair. At the 2008 Seiyu Awards, Miyano won \"Best Lead Actor Award\" for his role as Setsuna F Seiei in Mobile Suit Gundam 00, and as Hakugen Rikuson in Kōtetsu Sangokushi.\nMiyano began his career as a musician in 2007. He released his debut single, \"Kuon\", in May on the King Records label. In March 2009, his debut album Break was released. Miyano married in late 2008. He and his wife have a son together.
/m/02rmxx	Anna Marie \"Patty\" Duke is an American actress of stage, film, and television. First becoming famous as a child star, winning an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress at age 16, and later starring in her eponymous sitcom for three years, she progressed to more mature roles upon playing Neely O'Hara in the 1967 film Valley of the Dolls. She was later elected president of the Screen Actors Guild from 1985 to 1988.\nDuke was diagnosed with bipolar disorder in 1982; since then she has devoted much of her time to advocating and educating the public on mental health issues.\nIn 1996, Patty Duke was ranked #40 on TV Guide's 50 Greatest TV Stars of All Time.
/m/02lbrd	The Pat Metheny Group is a popular jazz fusion group founded in 1977. The core members of the group are guitarist, composer and bandleader Pat Metheny; and keyboardist and composer Lyle Mays, who was part of the group's inception in 1977. Other long-standing members include bassist and producer Steve Rodby who joined in 1981, and Paul Wertico, who was the group's drummer for 18 years from 1983 to 2001.
/m/01k_r5b	James Travis Tritt is an American country music singer. He signed to Warner Bros. Records in 1989, releasing seven studio albums and a greatest hits package for the label between then and 1999. In the 2000s, he released two albums on Columbia Records and one for the defunct Category 5 Records. Seven of his albums are certified platinum or higher by the Recording Industry Association of America; the highest-certified is 1991's It's All About to Change, which is certified triple-platinum. Tritt has also charted more than 40 times on the Hot Country Songs charts, including five number ones — \"Help Me Hold On,\" \"Anymore,\" \"Can I Trust You with My Heart,\" \"Foolish Pride\", and \"Best of Intentions\" — and 15 additional top ten singles. Tritt's musical style is defined by mainstream country and Southern rock influences.\nHe has received two Grammy Awards, both for Best Country Collaboration with Vocals: in 1992 for \"The Whiskey Ain't Workin',\" a duet with Marty Stuart, and again in 1998 for \"Same Old Train\", a collaboration with Stuart and nine other artists. In addition, he has received four awards from the Country Music Association, and has been a member of the Grand Ole Opry since 1992.
/m/07245g	Hapoel Tel Aviv Football Club is an Israeli football club based in Tel Aviv. The club currently competes in the Israeli Premier League and plays its home matches at the Bloomfield Stadium. To date, the club has won thirteen championships and sixteen State Cups. In 1967 Hapoel Tel Aviv became the first club to win the Asian Club Championships. Since 1995 the club competes in European club competitions, and has the highest rank among all Israeli clubs, with some outstanding achievements, such as wins against Chelsea, Milan, Hamburg, Paris Saint-Germain, Rangers, and Celtic.
/m/03f5mt	A keytar is a relatively lightweight keyboard that is supported by a strap around the neck and shoulders, similar to the way a guitar is supported by a strap. Keytars allow players a greater range of movement compared to conventional keyboards, which are placed on stationary stands. The instrument has a musical keyboard for triggering musical notes and sounds. Controls for, but not limited to, pitch bends, vibrato, portamento, and sustain are placed on the instrument's \"neck\".\nThe term \"keytar\" is a portmanteau of the words \"keyboard\" and \"guitar\". The term \"keytar\" might be considered slang. This style of keyboard was mostly referred to by manufacturers as a \"MIDI Controller\", \"Remote Keyboard\", \"Strap-on Keyboard\", or variations thereof. The term \"keytar\" was first used by a major manufacturer in 2012, when the Alesis company referred to the \"Vortex\", the company's first product of this type, as a \"USB/MIDI Keytar Controller\". To date, the Roland AX-Synth, which incorporates its own synthesis engine, is referred by the manufacturer as a \"Shoulder Synthesizer\".\nKeytars may either contain their own synthesis engines, or simply be controllers, triggering notes and other MIDI data on a MIDI-capable synthesizer, sound module, computer with synthesis software, or any other MIDI-capable device such as lighting controllers, effects devices and audio consoles.
/m/0mnyn	Falls Church is an independent city in Virginia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 12,332.\nFalls Church is included in the Washington Metropolitan Area.\nTaking its name from The Falls Church, an 18th-century Anglican parish, Falls Church gained township status within Fairfax County in 1875. In 1948, it was incorporated as the City of Falls Church, an independent city with county-level governance status. It is also referred to as Falls Church City.\nThe city's corporate boundaries do not include all of the area historically known as Falls Church; these areas include portions of Seven Corners and other portions of the current Falls Church postal districts of Fairfax County, as well as the area of Arlington County known as East Falls Church, which was part of the town of Falls Church from 1875 to 1936. For statistical purposes, the US Department of Commerce's Bureau of Economic Analysis combines the City of Falls Church with Fairfax City and Fairfax County.\nAccording to the U.S. Census Bureau, Falls Church has the lowest level of poverty of any independent city or county in the United States.
/m/048hf	Kyle Merritt MacLachlan is an American actor. MacLachlan is best known for his roles in cult films such as Blue Velvet as Jeffrey Beaumont, and as Paul Atreides in Dune. He has also had prominent roles in television shows including appearing as Special Agent Dale Cooper in Twin Peaks and as the mayor of Portland in Portlandia.\nMacLachlan is a Golden Globe Award-winning and two-time Emmy Award-nominated actor.
/m/0ds35l9	Bridesmaids is a 2011 American romantic comedy film directed by Paul Feig, written by Annie Mumolo and Kristen Wiig, and produced by Judd Apatow, Barry Mendel, and Clayton Townsend. The plot centers on Annie, who suffers a series of misfortunes after being asked to serve as maid of honor for her best friend, Lillian, played by Maya Rudolph. Rose Byrne, Melissa McCarthy, Ellie Kemper, and Wendi McLendon-Covey costar as Annie's fellow bridesmaids, with Chris O'Dowd, Jon Hamm, and Jill Clayburgh, playing key supporting roles.\nActresses Mumolo and Wiig crafted the screenplay after the latter's casting in producer Apatow's comedy film Knocked Up. Budgeted at $32.5 million, filming took place in Los Angeles, California. Upon its opening release in the United States and Canada on May 13, 2011, Bridesmaids was both critically and commercially successful. The film grossed $26 million in its opening weekend, eventually grossing over $288 million worldwide, and surpassed Knocked Up to become the top-grossing Apatow production to date. It received a 90% overall approval rating according to Rotten Tomatoes and served as a touchstone for discussion about women in comedy.
/m/01h2_6	Walter Bendix Schönflies Benjamin was a German literary critic, philosopher, social critic, translator, radio broadcaster and essayist. Combining elements of German idealism or Romanticism, historical materialism and Jewish mysticism, Benjamin made enduring and influential contributions to aesthetic theory and Western Marxism, and is associated with the Frankfurt School.\nAmong Benjamin's major works as a literary critic are essays on Goethe's novel Elective Affinities; the work of Franz Kafka and Karl Kraus; translation theory; the stories of Nikolai Leskov; the work of Marcel Proust and perhaps most significantly, the poetry of Charles Baudelaire. He also made major translations into German of the Tableaux Parisiens section of Baudelaire's Les Fleurs du mal and parts of Proust's À la recherche du temps perdu.\nHis turn to Marxism in the 1930s was partly due to the influence of Bertolt Brecht, whose critical aesthetics developed epic theatre and its Verfremdungseffekt. An earlier influence was friend Gershom Scholem, founder of the academic study of the Kabbalah and of Jewish mysticism.\nInfluenced by the Swiss anthropologist Johann Jakob Bachofen, Benjamin coined the term \"auratic perception\", denoting the aesthetic faculty by means of which civilization may recover an appreciation of myth. Benjamin's work is often cited in academic and literary studies, especially the essays \"The Task of the Translator\" and The Work of Art in the Age of Mechanical Reproduction.
/m/04lhc4	Erin Brockovich is a 2000 biographical film directed by Steven Soderbergh and written by Susannah Grant. The film is a dramatization of the true story of Erin Brockovich, portrayed by Julia Roberts, who fought against the energy corporation Pacific Gas and Electric Company. The film was a massive box office hit, and critical reviews were highly positive.\nRoberts won the Academy Award, Golden Globe, Screen Actors' Guild Award and BAFTA for Best Actress. The film itself was also nominated for Best Picture and Best Director for Steven Soderbergh at the 73rd Academy Awards. Early in the film the real Erin Brockovich has a cameo appearance as a waitress named Julia.
/m/09qxq7	Acoustic music comprises music that solely or primarily uses instruments which produce sound through entirely acoustic means, as opposed to electric or electronic means. The retronym \"acoustic music\" appeared after the advent of electric instruments, such as the electric guitar, electric violin, electric organ and synthesizer.\nPerformers of acoustic music often increase the volume of their output using electronic amplifiers. However, these amplification devices remain separate from the amplified instrument and reproduce its natural sound accurately. Often a microphone is placed in front of an acoustic instrument which is then wired up to an amplifier.\nFollowing the increasing popularity of the television show MTV Unplugged during the 1990s, acoustic performances by musical artists who usually rely on electronic instruments became colloquially referred to as \"unplugged\" performances. The trend has also been dubbed as \"acoustic rock\" in some cases.\nWriting for Splendid, music reviewer Craig Conley suggests, \"When music is labeled acoustic, unplugged, or unwired, the assumption seems to be that other types of music are cluttered by technology and overproduction and therefore aren't as pure\".
/m/03gm48	Andre Braugher is an American actor. He is best known for his roles as Cassiel in City of Angels, Thomas Searles in the film Glory, Detective Frank Pembleton on Homicide: Life on the Street from 1993 to 1998 and again in the 2000 made-for-TV film, Owen Thoreau Jr. on the TNT show Men of a Certain Age, and as Captain Ray Holt on the Golden Globe-winning best comedy series Brooklyn Nine-Nine.
/m/03jg5t	Edward Albert Arthur Woodward, OBE was an English stage and screen actor and singer. After graduating from the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art, Woodward began his career on stage, and throughout his career he appeared in productions in both the West End in London and on Broadway in New York City. He came to wider attention from 1967 in the title role of the British television spy drama Callan, earning him the 1970 British Academy Television Award for Best Actor. Among his film credits, Woodward starred as Police Sergeant Neil Howie in the 1973 cult British horror film The Wicker Man, and in the title role of the 1980 Australian biopic Breaker Morant. From 1985 Woodward starred as British ex-secret agent and vigilante Robert McCall in the American television series The Equalizer, earning him the 1986 Golden Globe Award for Best Television Drama Actor.
/m/02bb8j	The Communist Party USA is a Marxist-Leninist political party in the United States, and is the largest communist party in the country. Established in 1919, it has a long, complex history that is closely related to the histories of similar communist parties worldwide and the U.S. labor movement.\nFor the first half of the 20th century, the Communist Party was a highly influential force in various struggles for democratic rights. It played a prominent role in the U.S. labor movement from the 1920s through the 1940s, having a major hand in founding most of the country's first industrial unions while also becoming known for opposing racism and fighting for integration in workplaces and communities during the height of the Jim Crow period of U.S. racial segregation. Historian Ellen Schrecker concludes that decades of recent scholarship offer \"a more nuanced portrayal of the party as both a Stalinist sect tied to a vicious regime and the most dynamic organization within the American Left during the 1930s and '40s\".\nBy August 1919, only months after its founding, the Communist Party claimed 50,000 to 60,000 members. Members also included anarchists and other radical leftists. In contrast, the more moderate Socialist Party of America had 40,000 members. The sections of the Communist Party's International Workers Order meanwhile organized for communism around linguistic and ethnic lines, providing mutual aid and tailored cultural activities to an IWO membership that peaked at 200,000 at its height.
/m/01g4qq	Philanthropy etymologically means \"love of humanity\" in the sense of caring, nourishing, developing and enhancing \"what it is to be human\" on both the benefactors' and beneficiaries' parts. The most conventional modern definition is \"private initiatives, for public good, focusing on quality of life\". This combines the social scientific aspect developed in the 20th century with the original humanistic tradition, and serves to contrast philanthropy with business and government.\nInstances of philanthropy commonly overlap with instances of charity, though not all charity is philanthropy, or vice versa. The difference commonly cited is that charity relieves the pains of social problems, whereas philanthropy attempts to solve those problems at their root causes. A person who practices philanthropy is called a philanthropist.
/m/0y54	Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax, also referred to as AFC Ajax, Ajax Amsterdam or simply Ajax, is a Dutch professional football club based in Amsterdam. Historically, Ajax is the most successful club in the Netherlands, with 32 Eredivisie titles and 18 KNVB Cups. Along with PSV Eindhoven and Feyenoord, it is one of the country's \"big three\" clubs who have dominated Dutch football, as well as being the only three clubs that have never been relegated from the top division.\nAjax is historically one of the most successful clubs in the world; according to the IFFHS, Ajax were the seventh most successful European club of the 20th century. The club is one of the five teams that has earned the right to keep the European Cup and to wear a multiple-winner badge; they won consecutively in 1971–1973. In 1972, they completed the continental treble by winning the Eredivisie, KNVB Cup, and the European Cup. Ajax's last international trophies were the 1995 Intercontinental Cup and the 1995 Champions League, where they defeated Milan in the final; they lost the 1996 Champions League final on penalties to Juventus.\nAjax is also one of three teams to win the continental treble and the Intercontinental Cup in the same season/calendar year; This was achieved in the 1971–72 season. Ajax, Juventus, Bayern Munich, and Chelsea are the four clubs to have won all three major UEFA club competitions. They have also won the Intercontinental Cup twice, the 1991–92 UEFA Cup, as well as the Karl Rappan Cup, a predecessor of the UEFA Intertoto Cup in 1962. Ajax plays at the Amsterdam Arena, which opened in 1996. They previously played at De Meer Stadion and the Amsterdam Olympic Stadium.
/m/03p7r	Haryana, ancient name Haritanaka, is a state in north India. It came into existence on 1 November 1966 as a newly created state carved out of the Punjab state on the basis of language. It has been a part of the Kuru region in North India. The name Haryana is found mentioned in the 12th century AD by the Apabhramsha writer Vibudh Shridhar. It is bordered by Punjab and Himachal Pradesh to the north, and by Rajasthan to the west and south. The river Yamuna defines its eastern border with Uttarakhand and Uttar Pradesh. Haryana also surrounds the country's capital Delhi on three sides, forming the northern, western and southern borders of Delhi. Consequently, a large area of south Haryana is included in the National Capital Region for purposes of planning for development.\nSites in Haryana were part of the Indus Valley and Vedic Civilizations. Several decisive battles were fought in the area, which shaped much of the history of India. These include the epic battle of Mahabharata at Kurukshetra mentioned in the Hindu mythology, and the three battles of Panipat. Haryana was administered as part of the Punjab province of British India, and was carved out on linguistic lines as India's 17th state in 1966. Haryana is now a leading contributor to the country's production of foodgrain and milk. Agriculture is the leading occupation for the residents of the state, the flat arable land irrigated by submersible pumps and an extensive canal system. Haryana contributed heavily to the Green Revolution that made India self-sufficient in food production in the 1960s.
/m/01x6v6	Thomas Montgomery Newman is an American composer best known for his many film scores.\nNewman has received a total of twelve Academy Award nominations. He has won two BAFTAs, six Grammys and an Emmy, and has been nominated for three Golden Globes. Newman was honored with the Richard Kirk award at the 2000 BMI Film and TV Awards. The award is given annually to a composer who has made significant contributions to film and television music.
/m/029bkp	A bandleader is the leader of a band of musicians. The term is most commonly, though not exclusively, used with a group that plays popular music as a small combo or a big band, such as one which plays jazz, blues, rhythm and blues or rock and roll music.\nMost bandleaders are also performers with their own band. The bandleader role is dependent on a variety of skills, not just musicianship. A bandleader needs to be a music director and performer. Often the bands are named after their bandleaders. Some older bands have continued operating under their bandleaders' names long after the death of the original bandleader.
/m/03_bcg	Harold Brent \"Hal\" Wallis was an American film producer. He is best remembered for producing Casablanca, and other films for Warner Bros. featuring such film stars as Bette Davis and Errol Flynn. Later, for a long period, he was connected with Paramount Pictures and oversaw films featuring Dean Martin, Jerry Lewis, Elvis Presley, and John Wayne.
/m/02dj3	Dalhousie University is a public research university in Nova Scotia, Canada, with three campuses in Halifax, and a fourth in Bible Hill. Dalhousie offers more than 3,700 courses and 190 degree programs in twelve undergraduate, graduate, and professional faculties. The university is a member of the U15, a group of research-intensive universities in Canada.\nDalhousie was established as a nonsectarian college in 1818 by the Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia, George Ramsay, 9th Earl of Dalhousie, after whom the university was named. The college did not hold its first class until 1838, until then operating sporadically due to financial difficulties. It reopened for a third time in 1863 following a reorganization which brought a change of name to \"The Governors of Dalhousie College and University\". The university had formally changed its name to \"Dalhousie University\" in 1997 through provincial legislation, the same legislation which had merged the institution with the Technical University of Nova Scotia.\nThe Dalhousie library system currently operates the largest library in Atlantic Canada, as well as holds the largest collection of agricultural resource material in the region. The university operates a total of fourteen residences. There are currently two student unions that represent student interests at the university, the Dalhousie Student Union, and the Dalhousie Association for Graduate Students. Dalhousie's varsity teams, the Tigers, compete in the Atlantic University Sport conference of Canadian Interuniversity Sport. Dalhousie’s Faculty of Agriculture varsity teams are the Dalhousie Rams, and compete in the ACAA and CCAA.
/m/03kjh	Hobart is the state capital and most populous city of the Australian island state of Tasmania. Founded in 1804 as a penal colony, Hobart is Australia's second oldest capital city after Sydney, New South Wales. In 2011, the city had a greater area population of approximately 216,656. The city is located in the state's south-east on the estuary of the Derwent River. The skyline is dominated by Mount Wellington at 1,271 metres high. The city is the financial and administrative heart of Tasmania, also serving as the home port for both Australian and French Antarctic operations.
/m/02rxbmt	Fernando Trueba is a Spanish book editor, screenwriter, film director and producer.\nBetween 1974 and 1979 he worked as a film critic for Spain's leading daily newspaper El Pais. In 1980, he founded the monthly film magazine Casablanca, which he edited and directed during its first two years. He is the author of Diccionario and the editor of Diccionario del Jazz Latino.\nAmong other awards, he has won the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film with Belle Époque in 1994, the Goya Award as Best Director three times and a Silver Bear for Year of Enlightment at the 37th Berlin International Film Festival. Miracle of Candeal won the Goya for Best Documentary, and Chico and Rita won the Goya for Best Feature Animation. In 1999, The Girl of Your Dreams was nominated for the Golden Bear at the 49th Berlin International Film Festival. In 2011 he won the Award of the Hungarian National Student Jury for Chico and Rita at the 7th Festival of European Animated Feature Films and TV Specials.\nAs a music producer he has won two Grammy Awards and four Latin Grammy Awards.\nHe is the brother of David Trueba and the father of Jonás Trueba.
/m/01g5v	Blue is the colour of the clear sky and the deep sea. On the optical spectrum, blue is located between violet and green.\nSurveys in the U.S. and Europe show that blue is the colour most commonly associated with harmony, faithfulness, and confidence. In U.S. and European public opinion polls it is overwhelmingly the most popular colour, chosen by almost half of both men and women as their favourite colour. It is also commonly associated with the sky, the sea, ice, cold, and sometimes with sadness.
/m/042rnl	Jiang Wen is a Chinese film actor, screenwriter and director. As a director, he is sometimes grouped with the \"Sixth Generation\" that emerged in the 1990s. Jiang is also well known internationally as an actor, having starred with Gong Li in Zhang Yimou's debut film Red Sorghum. He has a younger brother who is also an actor, Jiang Wu.
/m/05489	The Mafia is a criminal syndicate in Sicily, Italy. It is a loose association of criminal groups that share a common organizational structure and code of conduct, and whose common enterprise is protection racketeering. Each group, known as a \"family\", \"clan\", or \"cosca\", claims sovereignty over a territory, usually a town or village or a neighbourhood of a larger city, in which it operates its rackets. Its members call themselves \"men of honour\", although the public often refers to them as \"mafiosi\".\nAccording to the classic definition, the Mafia is a criminal organization originating in Sicily. However, the term \"mafia\" has become a generic term for any organized criminal network with similar structure, methods, and interests.\nThe Mafia proper frequently parallels, collaborates with or clashes with, networks originating in other parts of southern Italy, such as the Camorra, the 'Ndrangheta, the Stidda and the Sacra Corona Unita. Giovanni Falcone, the anti-Mafia judge murdered by the Mafia in 1992, however, objected to the conflation of the term \"Mafia\" with organized crime in general:
/m/0p8r1	John Dezso Ratzenberger is an American actor, voice actor, and entrepreneur. He is best known for his role as Cliff Clavin in Cheers and his recurring supporting/minor cast roles in Pixar films.
/m/0338lq	PolyGram Filmed Entertainment was a film studio, founded in 1980, which became a European competitor to Hollywood, but eventually sold to Universal Pictures in Comcast 2013-present Among its most successful films were Four Weddings and a Funeral, Dead Man Walking, Fargo, Trainspotting and Notting Hill.
/m/02b1k5	Hereford United Football Club is an English professional football club based in the city of Hereford. Founded in 1924, as at 2014 they play in the Conference National. The club was first elected to the Football League in 1972, and has spent 31 seasons in the League, 25 of them in the fourth tier, and the remaining 10 seasons in the Conference. The club reached the old Second Division in 1976, its best league performance, but was relegated after only one season at that level.\nHereford achieved national prominence in 1972 when, as a Southern League team, they knocked top-flight Newcastle United out of the FA Cup.\nHereford have played at Edgar Street for their entire history. They are nicknamed 'The Whites' or 'The Lilywhites', after their predominantly white kit, or 'The Bulls' after the Hereford cattle breed. The club's motto is \"Our greatest glory lies not in never having fallen, but in rising when we fall\". The club is affiliated to the Herefordshire County FA.
/m/09myny	George J. Folsey, A.S.C. was an American cinematographer who worked on 162 films between 1919 and his retirement in 1976.\nBorn George Joseph Folsey in Brooklyn, he was hired by Jesse Louis Lasky to work as an office boy in his newly formed Jesse L. Lasky Feature Play Company in New York City. He earned his first screen credit for His Bridal Night in 1919. Leading lady Alice Brady was so satisfied with the way he photographed her she offered him a contract to shoot all her films. He worked for both Associated First National and Paramount Astoria Studios before relocating to Hollywood and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, where he spent the bulk of his career.\nFolsey's many credits include The Letter, The Cocoanuts, Animal Crackers, The Great Ziegfeld, A Guy Named Joe, The White Cliffs of Dover, Meet Me in St. Louis, The Clock, The Harvey Girls, Adam's Rib, A Life of Her Own, Million Dollar Mermaid, Seven Brides for Seven Brothers, The Cobweb, Cash McCall, and The Balcony. For television he served as director of photography for various episodes of the ABC series The Fugitive and an NBC special starring figure skater Peggy Fleming, for which he won an Emmy Award for Best Cinematography For Nonfiction Programming.
/m/01jrs46	Jerome David Kern was an American composer of musical theatre and popular music. One of the most important American theatre composers of the early 20th century, he wrote more than 700 songs, used in over 100 stage works, including such classics as \"Ol' Man River\", \"Can't Help Lovin' Dat Man\", \"A Fine Romance\", \"Smoke Gets in Your Eyes\", \"All the Things You Are\", \"The Way You Look Tonight\", \"Long Ago\" and \"Who?\". He collaborated with many of the leading librettists and lyricists of his era, including George Grossmith Jr., Guy Bolton, P. G. Wodehouse, Otto Harbach, Oscar Hammerstein II, Dorothy Fields, Johnny Mercer, Ira Gershwin and E. Y. Harburg.\nA native New Yorker, Kern created dozens of Broadway musicals and Hollywood films in a career that lasted for more than four decades. His musical innovations, such as 4/4 dance rhythms and the employment of syncopation and jazz progressions, built on, rather than rejected, earlier musical theatre tradition. He and his collaborators also employed his melodies to further the action or develop characterization to a greater extent than in the other musicals of his day, creating the model for later musicals. Although dozens of Kern's musicals and musical films were hits, only Show Boat is now regularly revived. Songs from his other shows, however, are still frequently performed and adapted. Although Kern detested jazz arrangements of his songs, many have been adopted by jazz musicians to become standard tunes.
/m/03bxsw	Brenda Anne Blethyn, OBE is an English actress who has worked in theatre, television and film. Blethyn has received two Academy Award nominations, two SAG Award nominations, two Emmy Award nominations and three Golden Globe Award nominations, winning one. In addition, she has won a BAFTA, an Empire Award and a Golden Lion and has earned a Theatre World Award and both a Critics' Circle Theatre Award and a Laurence Olivier Award nomination for her theatrical work.\nBorn into a working class home, Blethyn pursued an administrative career until her early 30s before enrolling in the Guildford School of Acting after the dissolution of her marriage in 1973. She subsequently joined the Royal National Theatre and received credits for her performances in Troilus and Cressida and Mysteries. In 1981, Blethyn earned her first critical acclaim for Steaming.\nIn 1980, Blethyn made her television debut in Mike Leigh's film Grown-Ups. After a modest number of guest spots in several productions, in the mid-1980s she garnered leading roles in the short-run sitcoms Chance in a Million and The Labours of Erica. Having followed her big screen debut with smaller supporting roles in films such as The Witches and A River Runs Through It, she made a major cinema breakthrough with her role in the 1996 dramedy Secrets & Lies, for which she received rave reviews.
/m/094qd5	Best Actress in a Leading Role is a British Academy Film Award presented annually by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts to recognize an actress who has delivered an outstanding leading performance in a film.\nFrom 1952-1967, there were two Best Actress awards presented, Best British Actress and Best Foreign Actress.\nFrom 1968 onwards, the two awards merged into one award, which from 1968-1984, was known as Best Actress.\nFrom 1985–present, the award has been known by its current name of Best Actress in a leading role.\n† - indicates the performance also won the Academy Award\n‡ - indicates the performance was also nominated for the Academy Award
/m/09stq9	Havre Athletic Club is a French association football club based in Le Havre. The club was founded originally as an athletics and rugby club in 1872, thus making it the oldest association football and rugby club registered in France. Le Havre currently plays in Ligue 2, the second level of French football and since 2012 plays its home matches at the Stade Océane.\nLe Havre made its football debut in France's first-ever championship in 1899 and, on its debut, became the first French club outside of Paris to win the league. The club, subsequently, won the league the following season in 1900. Le Havre has yet to win the current first division of French football, Ligue 1, but has participated in the league 24 times; its last stint being during the 2008–09 season. The club's highest honor to date was winning the Coupe de France in 1959. Le Havre is managed by Erick Mombaerts and captained by midfielder Julien François.
/m/069nzr	Kyle Martin Chandler is an American film and television actor best known for his role as Deputy Jackson Lamb in the film Super 8, and in the television shows Early Edition as Gary Hobson, Grey's Anatomy as Dylan Young, and as Coach Eric Taylor in Friday Night Lights, for which he won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series in 2011.
/m/02mzg9	The University of Denver, founded in 1864, is the oldest private university in the Rocky Mountain Region of the United States. The University of Denver is a coeducational, four-year university in Denver, Colorado. DU enrolls approximately 5,000 undergraduate students and 6,000 graduate students. The 125-acre main campus is a designated arboretum and is located primarily in the University Neighborhood, about seven miles south of downtown Denver.
/m/02mg5r	City University London is a public research university located in London, United Kingdom. It was founded in 1894 as the Northampton Institute and became a university when The City University was created by Royal Charter in 1966. The Inns of Court School of Law, which merged with City University in 2001, was established in 1852, making it the university's oldest constituent part.\nCity University has its main campus in the Islington area of central London, with additional campuses in the City of London and the Holborn, Smithfield and Whitechapel areas of London. It is organised into seven Schools, within which there are around 40 academic departments and centres, including the City University Department of Journalism, the Cass Business School and the Inns of Court School of Law.\nCity University had a total income of £178.6 million in 2010/11, of which £8 million was from research grants and contracts. Cass Business school is ranked 2nd in London and top 40 in the world. In 2012 it was ranked 29th in the UK according to the Times Higher Education 'table to tables', 327th in the world according to the QS World University Rankings and is included inTimes Higher Education's list of the top 100 universities in the world under 50 years old.
/m/016fjj	Ronald Walken, known professionally as Christopher Walken, is an American actor, screenwriter, and director who has appeared in more than 100 films and television shows, including The Deer Hunter, Annie Hall, The Prophecy trilogy, The Dogs of War, Brainstorm, The Dead Zone, A View to a Kill, True Romance, Pulp Fiction, Catch Me If You Can, and Seven Psychopaths, as well as music videos by many popular recording artists. Walken has received a number of awards and nominations during his career, including winning the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor in 1978.\nWalken's films have grossed more than $1 billion in the United States. He has also played the male lead in the Shakespeare plays Hamlet, Macbeth, Romeo and Juliet, and Coriolanus. He is also a popular guest-host of Saturday Night Live, having hosted 7 times as of April 2008. His most notable roles on the show include record producer Bruce Dickinson in the \"More Cowbell\" sketch and his multiple appearances as The Continental.\nWalken debuted as a film director and script writer with the short film Popcorn Shrimp in 2001. He also wrote and acted the main role in a play about Elvis Presley titled Him, in 1995.
/m/0qmhk	Missing is a 1982 American drama film directed by Costa-Gavras, starring Jack Lemmon, Sissy Spacek, Melanie Mayron, John Shea, and Charles Cioffi. It is based on the true story of American journalist Charles Horman, who disappeared in the bloody aftermath of the US-backed Chilean coup of 1973 that deposed the democratically elected socialist President Salvador Allende.\nSet largely during the days and weeks following Horman's disappearance, the movie depicts his father and wife searching to determine his fate. The film examines the relationship between Horman's wife Beth and her father-in-law, American businessman Ed Horman.\nThe film was banned in Chile during Augusto Pinochet's dictatorship, even though neither Chile nor Pinochet are ever mentioned by name.
/m/01400v	Public policy is the principled guide to action taken by the administrative executive branches of the state with regard to a class of issues in a manner consistent with law and institutional customs. In general, the foundation is the pertinent national and substantial constitutional law and implementing legislation such as the US Federal code. Further substrates include both judicial interpretations and regulations which are generally authorized by legislation.\nOther scholars define it as a system of \"courses of action, regulatory measures, laws, and funding priorities concerning a given topic promulgated by a governmental entity or its representatives.\" Public policy is commonly embodied \"in constitutions, legislative acts, and judicial decisions.\"\nIn the United States, this concept refers not only to the result of policies, but more broadly to the decision-making and analysis of governmental decisions. As an academic discipline, public policy is studied by professors and students at public policy schools of major universities throughout the country. The U.S. professional association of public policy practitioners, researchers, scholars, and students is the Association for Public Policy Analysis and Management.
/m/0735l	Streaming media is multimedia that is constantly received by and presented to an end-user while being delivered by a provider. Its verb form, \"to stream\", refers to the process of delivering media in this manner; the term refers to the delivery method of the medium rather than the medium itself.\nA client media player can begin playing the data before the entire file has been transmitted. Distinguishing delivery method from the media distributed applies specifically to telecommunications networks, as most other delivery systems are either inherently streaming or inherently nonstreaming. For example, in the 1930s, elevator music was among the earliest popularly available streaming media; nowadays Internet television is a common form of streamed media. The term \"streaming media\" can apply to media other than video and audio such as live closed captioning, ticker tape, and real-time text, which are all considered \"streaming text\". The term \"streaming\" was first used in the early 1990s as a better description for video on demand on IP networks; at the time such video was usually referred to as \"store and forward video\", which was misleading nomenclature.
/m/04v09	Mali, officially the Republic of Mali, is a landlocked country in West Africa. Mali is bordered by Algeria to the north, Niger to the east, Burkina Faso and Côte d'Ivoire to the south, Guinea to the south-west, and Senegal and Mauritania to the west. Its size is just over 1,240,000 square kilometres with a population of 14.5 million. Its capital is Bamako.\nMali consists of eight regions and its borders on the north reach deep into the middle of the Sahara, while the country's southern part, where the majority of inhabitants live, features the Niger and Sénégal rivers. The country's economic structure centers on agriculture and fishing. Some of Mali's prominent natural resources include gold, being the third largest producer of gold in the African continent, and salt. About half the population lives below the international poverty line of US$1.25 a day.\nPresent-day Mali was once part of three West African empires that controlled trans-Saharan trade: the Ghana Empire, the Mali Empire, and the Songhai Empire. During its golden age, there was a flourishing of mathematics, astronomy, literature, and art. At its peak in 1300, Mali covered an area about twice the size of modern-day France, and stretched to the west coast of Africa. In the late 19th century, during the Scramble for Africa, France seized control of Mali, making it a part of French Sudan. French Sudan joined with Senegal in 1959, achieving independence in 1960 as the Mali Federation. Shortly thereafter, following Senegal's withdrawal from the federation, the Sudanese Republic declared itself the independent Republic of Mali. After a long period of one-party rule, a 1991 coup led to the writing of a new constitution and the establishment of Mali as a democratic, multi-party state.
/m/02gtm4	The Hanshin Tigers are a Nippon Professional Baseball team based in Koshien, Nishinomiya, Hyōgo Prefecture, Japan, and are in the Central League. Hanshin Electric Railway Co., Ltd., the subsidiary of Hankyu Hanshin Holdings Inc., owns the Hanshin Tigers directly. The team's circular logo is very similar to the classic Detroit Tigers logo, except that the tiger in the Major League version is orange whereas Hanshin's is yellow. The Tigers' cap logo is similar to that of the New York Yankees and they often wear similar pinstriped uniforms.\nThey are frequently compared to the Boston Red Sox. The Tigers' rivalry with the Yomiuri Giants of Tokyo parallels the rivalry between the Red Sox and the New York Yankees. At one time both teams shared the title of \"cursed\"; leading to the Tigers' nickname of \"Hard-Luck Hanshin.\" This idea is explored in Stephen King and Stewart O'Nan's 2004 book Faithful: Two Diehard Boston Red Sox Fans Chronicle the Historic 2004 Season where the Tigers are often portrayed as the Japanese Red Sox.
/m/0126rp	Edward John \"Eddie\" Izzard is an English stand-up comedian, actor and writer. His comedy style takes the form of rambling, whimsical monologue and self-referential pantomime. He had a starring role in the television series The Riches as Wayne Malloy and has appeared in many films such as Ocean's Twelve, Ocean's Thirteen, Mystery Men, Shadow of the Vampire, The Cat's Meow, Across the Universe, and Valkyrie. He has also worked as a voice actor, appearing in The Wild, Igor, The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian, and Cars 2.\nIzzard has cited his main comedy role model as Monty Python, and John Cleese once referred to him as the \"Lost Python\". In 2009, he completed 43 marathons in 51 days for Sport Relief in spite of having no prior history of long-distance running. He is also known for his transvestism. He has won numerous awards including a Primetime Emmy Award for Individual Performance in a Variety or Music Program for his comedy special Dress to Kill, in 2000. Izzard's website won the Yahoo People's Choice Award and earned the Webby Award.\nOn 6 September 2012, Izzard presented the medals to the athletes who had won the 800m T54 race at the London 2012 Paralympic Games. In 2013, Eddie Izzard is on a world tour entitled Force Majeure, with dates that run throughout the year and into 2014.
/m/04qp06	Rakesh Roshan Lal Nagrath, better known as Rakesh Roshan, is a producer, director and former actor in Bollywood films. He is known for having the greatest hero roles in many films in the period 1970-1990. He appeared in 84 films throughout the 1970s, 1980s till 1990. Later he achieved fame for directing films with titles beginning with the letter \"K\" since 1987 and is the father of actor Hrithik Roshan.His most notable works are Khudgarz, Khoon Bhari Maang, Kishen Kanhaiya, Karan Arjun, Kaho Naa... Pyaar Hai and Krrish.He won Filmfare Award for Best Director for Kaho Naa... Pyaar Hai and Koi... Mil Gaya.
/m/042gr4	Masako Nozawa Masako Tsukada is a Japanese voice actress and actress affiliated with Aoni Production. Her husband, Masaaki Tsukada was also a voice actor.\nAs a voice actress, she is best known for the role of Son Goku in the original Japanese version of the popular anime franchise Dragon Ball, both as a child and an adult, as well as Goku's two sons and father. She has also voiced Tetsuro Hoshino and Kitaro. In addition, she has also voiced two separate characters named \"Hiroshi\"; a character in Dokonjō Gaeru, and the character known in the U.S. as \"Pidge\" in Hyakujūō Golion.
/m/0fqp6zk	Bengali Hindus are ethnic Bengali adherents of Hinduism, and native to the Bengal region of the Indian Subcontinent. Bengali Hindus speak Bengali, which is classified as a part of the Indo-Aryan language family and adhere to the Shakta and Vaishnava traditions of their native religion Hinduism.\nAround 8th century, Bengali branched off from Magadhi Prakrit, a derivative from Sanskrit that was prevalent in the eastern region of the Indian Subcontinent at that time. During the Sena period the Bengali culture developed into a distinct culture within the Hindu civilization. With the spread of Islam in the region in subsequent centuries, Islamic characteristics grew among Bengalis who converted to that religion, although Bengali Hindus and Muslims continued to have significant similarities. Bengali Hindus were at the forefront of the Bengal Renaissance in 19th century. The Bengal region was noted for its participation in struggle for the independence from the British rule. At the time of independence of India in 1947, the province of Bengal was partitioned between Bengali Hindus and Bengali Muslims into West Bengal and East Bengal, parts of India and Pakistan, respectively. Millions of Bengali Hindus migrated from East Bengal and settled in West Bengal and other states of India. The migration continued in waves through the fifties and sixties, especially during the violence of 1950 and 1964. During the Bangladesh Liberation War, an estimated 2.4 million Bengali Hindus were massacred by the Pakistani army.
/m/01gwk3	Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines is a 2003 science fiction action film, directed by Jonathan Mostow and starring Arnold Schwarzenegger, Nick Stahl, Claire Danes and Kristanna Loken. It is the third installment of the Terminator series, following Terminator 2: Judgment Day, and the first to not involve franchise creator James Cameron, who directed and wrote the two first installments.\nAfter Skynet fails to kill Sarah Connor before her son is born and to kill John himself as a child, it sends back another Terminator, the T-X, in an attempt to wipe out as many Resistance officers as possible. This includes John's future wife, but not John himself as his whereabouts are unknown to Skynet. John's life is placed in danger when the T-X accidentally finds him.
/m/0k0q8q	Mukri was an Indian film actor, who worked as a comedian in Hindi films. Born as Muhammad Umar Mukri in Alibagh, he started his film career from film Pratima along with noted film actor Dilip Kumar in 1945. Subsequently in career spanning 50 years, he acted in over 600 films.\nMukri with his toothless smile, diminutive stature and perfect humor timing amused the audiences in more than 600 films, over six decades in Bollywood.\nHis notable films are Mother India, Sharabi, Amar Akbar Anthony, Lawaris, Bombay to Goa, Gopi, Kohinoor and many more.
/m/03v9w	The Iberian Peninsula, commonly called Iberia, is a peninsula located in the extreme south-west of Europe and includes the modern-day sovereign states of Spain, Portugal, Andorra, and part of France, as well as the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar. It is the westernmost of the three major southern European peninsulas—the Iberian, Italian, and Balkan peninsulas. It is bordered on the south-east and east by the Mediterranean Sea, and on the north, west, and south-west by the Atlantic Ocean. The Pyrenees form the north-east edge of the peninsula, separating it from the rest of Europe. In the south, it approaches the northern coast of Africa. It is the second-largest peninsula in Europe, with an area of approximately 582,000 km².
/m/070w7s	Lorraine Broderick is an American television soap opera writer who got her start on All My Children as a protégée of the show's creator, Agnes Nixon. She went on to serve four different stints as its Head Writer, ultimately earning her four Daytime Emmy awards in that capacity. Broderick's work on the show has often been met with critical acclaim, citing her as its finest head writer outside of Nixon. She was the last head writer of All My Children's 40-year broadcast run on ABC, penning the show through its network finale on September 23, 2011.
/m/01qy7b	The Confederate States Army was the military ground force of the Confederate States of America, also known as the \"Confederacy\", while the Confederacy existed during the American Civil War. On February 28, 1861, the Provisional Confederate Congress established a provisional volunteer army and gave control over military operations and authority for mustering state forces and volunteers to the President of the Confederate States of America, Jefferson Davis, a graduate of the United States Military Academy and colonel of a volunteer regiment during the Mexican-American War. On March 6 and 9, 1861, the Provisional Confederate Congress passed additional military legislation and established a more permanent Confederate States Army.\nAn accurate count of the number of individuals who served in the Confederate Army is impossible due to incomplete and destroyed Confederate records. The better estimates of the number of individual Confederate soldiers are between 750,000 and 1,000,000 men. This does not include an unknown number of slaves who were impressed into performing various tasks for the army, such as construction of fortifications and defenses or driving wagons. Since these figures include estimates of the total number of individual soldiers who served at any time during the war, they do not represent the size of the army at any given date. These numbers do not include men who served in Confederate naval forces.
/m/04pnx	Latin America is a subregion of the Americas where Romance languages or a subset of the Romance language family – always including Spanish and Portuguese, and sometimes including French – are primarily spoken. Latin America has an area of approximately 19,197,000 km², almost 3.7% of the Earth's surface or 12.9% of its land surface area. As of 2010, its population was estimated at more than 590 million and its combined GDP at 5.16 trillion United States dollars. According to Phelan, the term \"Latin America\" was first used in 1861 in La revue des races Latines, a magazine \"dedicated to the cause of Pan-Latinism\". Latin America is made of 3 regions, South America, Caribbean, and Middle America. Latin America lies in the Western Hemisphere.
/m/01vlj1g	Matthew Broderick is an American film, stage and voice actor who, among other roles, played the title character in Ferris Bueller's Day Off, voiced Simba in The Lion King, and portrayed Leo Bloom in the Hollywood and Broadway productions of The Producers.\nHe has won two Tony Awards, one in 1983 for his featured role in the play Brighton Beach Memoirs and one in 1995 for his leading role in the musical How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying. He was also nominated for the Tony Award, Best Actor in a Musical, for The Producers but lost to his co-star Nathan Lane. As of 2013, Broderick is the youngest winner of the Tony Award for Best Featured Actor in a Play.
/m/06zd1c	Heinz Roemheld was an American composer. Born Heinrich Erich Roemheld in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, he was one of four children of German immigrant Heinrich Roemheld and his wife Fanny Rauterberg Roemheld. Heinrich was a pharmacist, but all the members of the family were musical. Heinz's brother Edgar became a conductor, while sister Irmgard became a well-known Milwaukee music teacher and radio broadcaster.\nRoemheld was a child prodigy who began playing the piano at the age of 4. He graduated from the Milwaukee College of Music at 19, and performed in theaters to earn money to study piano in Europe. In 1920, he went to Berlin, where he studied with Hugo Kaun, Ferruccio Busoni, and Egon Petri. While he was there, he appeared in concert with the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra.\nWhen he returned to America, Roemheld became involved in recording music for silent movies, both as a pianist and as a conductor. In 1925, he was sent back to Berlin as head of Universal Pictures theaters there, but he had to leave Germany in 1929 because of the rise of Nazism.\nBack in America, Roemheld became a prominent film composer. He scored some scenes in Gone with the Wind, including the burning of Atlanta, although he was not credited on-screen. In 1942 he won the Academy Award for Best Original Music Score for Yankee Doodle Dandy. Among the more than 400 other films for which he composed music were Gentleman Jim, The Lady From Shanghai, The Invisible Man, A Scandal in Paris, and Shine On, Harvest Moon.
/m/01hhvg	The University of California, Riverside, is a public research university and one of the 10 general campuses of the University of California system. The main campus sits on 1,200 acres in a suburban district of Riverside, California, United States, with a branch campus of 20 acres in Palm Desert. Founded in 1907 as the UC Citrus Experiment Station, Riverside, pioneered research in biological pest control and the use of growth regulators responsible for extending the citrus growing season in California from four to nine months. Some of the world's most important research collections on citrus diversity and entomology, as well as science fiction and photography, are located at Riverside.\nUCR's undergraduate College of Letters and Science opened in 1954. The Regents of the University of California declared UCR a general campus of the system in 1959, and graduate students were admitted in 1961. To accommodate an enrollment of 21,000 students by 2015, more than $730 million has been invested in new construction projects since 1999. Preliminary accreditation of the UCR School of Medicine was granted in October 2012 and the first class was enrolled in August 2013. It is the first new research-based public medical school in 40 years.
/m/03hl6lc	The Writers Guild of America Award for Best Original Screenplay is one of the three film writing awards given by the Writers Guild of America Award.
/m/0hpyv	Burlington is the largest city in the State of Vermont and the shire town of Chittenden County. It lies 45 miles south of the U.S.-Canadian border and 94 miles south of Montreal.\nBurlington had a population of 42,417 at the 2010 census. The city is the hub of the Burlington-South Burlington metropolitan area, consisting of the three northwestern Vermont counties of Chittenden, Franklin and Grand Isle and encompassing the cities of Burlington, South Burlington, and Winooski; the towns of Colchester, Essex, and Williston; and the village of Essex Junction. According to the 2012 U.S. Census estimates, the metro area had an estimated population of 213,701, approximately one third of Vermont's total population.
/m/043t1s	Racing Club de Lens is a French association football club based in the northern city of Lens in the Pas-de-Calais department. Its nickname, sang et or, comes from its traditional colours of red and gold. Their primary rivals are their northern neighbors Lille OSC, with whom they contest the Derby du Nord.
/m/046qpy	Codemasters Software Company Limited, or Codemasters is a British video game developer and publisher founded by David Darling and his brother Richard in 1986. Codemasters is one of the oldest surviving British game studios, and in 2005 was named the top independent games developer by Develop magazine.
/m/02qdzd	Club Brugge Koninklijke Voetbalvereniging, also referred to as just Club Brugge is a football club from Bruges in Belgium. It was founded in 1891 and is one of the top clubs in Belgium. Its home ground is the Jan Breydel Stadium, which has a capacity of 29,472.\nClub Brugge's major rival is R.S.C. Anderlecht, and it shares the Jan Breydel Stadium with city rival Cercle Brugge K.S.V., with whom they contest the Bruges derby.\nThroughout its long history, Club Brugge has enjoyed much European football success, reaching two European finals and two European semi-finals. Club Brugge is the only Belgian club to have played the final of the European Cup so far. They were beaten by Liverpool F.C. in the final of its 1978 season. They also lost in the 1976 UEFA Cup Final to Liverpool. Club Brugge holds the record number of consecutive participations in the UEFA Cup.
/m/0fgrm	Mulan is a 1998 American animated musical action-comedy-drama film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation based on the Chinese legend of Hua Mulan. The 36th animated feature in the Walt Disney Animated Classics, it was directed by Tony Bancroft and Barry Cook, with story by Robert D. San Souci and screenplay by Rita Hsiao, Philip LaZebnik, Chris Sanders, Eugenia Bostwick-Singer, and Raymond Singer. Ming-Na, Eddie Murphy, Miguel Ferrer and BD Wong star in the English version, while Jackie Chan provided his voice for the Chinese dubs of the film. The film's plot takes place during the Han Dynasty, where Fa Mulan, daughter of aged warrior Fa Zhou, impersonates a man to takes her father's place during a general conscription to counter a Hun invasion.\nReleased during the Disney Renaissance, Mulan was the first of three features produced primarily at the Disney animation studio at Disney-MGM Studios in Orlando, Florida. Development for the film began in 1994, when a number of artistic supervisors were sent to China to receive artistic and cultural inspiration. Mulan was well received by critics and the public, grossing $304 million, earning Golden Globe and Academy Award nominations, and winning several Annie Awards including Best Animated Feature. A 2005 direct-to-video sequel, Mulan II, followed.
/m/0fydw	Antwerp is a city and municipality in Belgium and the capital of the Antwerp province of Belgium. Antwerp's population is 512,000, making it the second most populous city in Belgium, after the metropolis Brussels, which has around 1.2 million inhabitants. Antwerp's total area is 204.51 km², giving a population density of 2,308 inhabitants per km². The metropolitan area, including the outer commuter zone, covers an area of 1,449 km² with a total of 1,190,769 inhabitants as of 1 January 2008. The French name of Antwerp is Anvers; it may be found written this way on signposts in French-speaking regions of Belgium and in French-language publications.\nAntwerp is located on the right bank of the river Scheldt, which is linked to the North Sea by the Westerschelde estuary. The city has one of the largest seaports in Europe. Antwerp has long been an important city in the Low Countries, both economically and culturally, especially before the Spanish Fury in the period of the Dutch Revolt. The inhabitants of Antwerp are locally nicknamed Sinjoren, after the Spanish honorific señor or French seigneur, \"lord\". It refers to the leading Spanish noblemen who ruled the city during the 17th century.
/m/01b9w3	Soap is an American sitcom that originally ran on ABC from 1977 into 1981. The show was created as a night-time parody of daytime soap operas, presented as a weekly half-hour prime time comedy. Similar to a soap opera, the show's story was presented in a serial format and included melodramatic plot elements such as alien abduction, demonic possession, murder, and kidnapping. In 2007 it was listed as one of Time magazine's \"100 Best TV Shows of All-TIME,\" and in 2010, the Tates and the Campbells ranked at number 17 in TV Guide's list of \"TV's Top Families\".\nThe show was created, written, and executive produced by Susan Harris, and also executive produced by Paul Junger Witt and Tony Thomas. Each returning season was preceded by a 90-minute retrospective of the previous season. Two of these retrospectives were made available on VHS in 1994.\nThe show aired 85 episodes over the course of four seasons. The final four episodes of the series aired as one-hour episodes during the original run on ABC. These hour-long episodes were later split in two, yielding 93 half-hour episodes for syndication.\nAll episodes are currently available on region 1 DVD in four separate box sets. There is a box set of season 1 on region 2 DVD. In the past, the series has rerun on local syndicated channels as well as on cable on Comedy Central and TV Land. It ran on over-the-air television on Antenna TV, until December 30, 2012.
/m/018gmr	Markham, a city in the Regional Municipality of York, lies within the Greater Toronto Area of Southern Ontario, Canada. At the 2011 Canadian census it had a population of 301,709. The city is the fourth largest community within the Greater Toronto Area after Toronto, Mississauga and Brampton. Markham changed its status from town to city on July 1, 2012.\nThe city gained its name from the first Lieutenant-Governor of Upper Canada, John Graves Simcoe, who named the area after his friend, William Markham, the Archbishop of York from 1776 to 1807. The first European settlement in Markham occurred when William Berczy, a German artist and developer, led a group of approximately sixty-four German families to North America. While they initially planned to settle in New York, disputes over finances and land tenure there would eventually lead to Berczy to negotiate with Simcoe for 64,000 acres in Markham Township in 1794. Through much of Markham's history the community has been described as an agricultural community. A turn towards a more urbanized community within the township began after World War II when the township had began to feel the effects of urban encroachment from Toronto. The completion of Highway 404 during the mid-1970s further accelerated urban development in Markham.
/m/0167q3	Bridgeport is the most populous city in Connecticut. Located in Fairfield County on the Pequonnock River and Long Island Sound, the city had an estimated population of 144,229 at the 2010 United States Census and is the core of the Greater Bridgeport area. The city is part of the Greater New York City Combined Statistical Area. It is the fifth-largest city in New England Bridgeport is the center of the 48th-largest urban area in the United States, just behind Hartford. Most of Bridgeport was originally a part of the township of Stratford.\nEnglish colonists began settling along the Pequonnock River after 1639, quickly buying land from the Paugussett tribe or otherwise divesting them of it. The settlement became a center of trade, shipbuilding, and whaling. In the mid-19th century, the village rapidly industrialized, attracting immigrants to the growing number of factory jobs. Industry stayed strong until after World War II. Industrial restructuring and suburbanization caused the loss of many jobs and affluent residents, leaving Bridgeport struggling with problems of poverty. In the 21st century, conversion of office buildings to residential, and other redevelopment is attracting new residents.
/m/019sc	Black is the color of coal, ebony, and of outer space. It is the darkest color, the result of the absence of or complete absorption of light. It is the opposite of white and often represents darkness in contrast with light.\nBlack was one of the first colors used by artists in neolithic cave paintings. In the 14th century, it began to be worn by royalty, the clergy, judges and government officials in much of Europe. It became the color worn by English romantic poets, businessmen and statesmen in the 19th century, and a high fashion color in the 20th century.\nIn the Roman Empire, it became the color of mourning, and over the centuries it was frequently associated with death, evil, witches and magic. As in the Western World today, it is also the color most commonly associated with mourning, evil, magic, the end, violence, power, secrets, and elegance.
/m/02qvkj	Winger, in the game of ice hockey, is a forward position of a player whose primary zone of play on the ice is along the outer playing area. They typically work by flanking the centre forward. Originally the name was given to forward players who went up and down the sides of the rink. Nowadays, there are different types of wingers in the game — out-and-out goal scorers, checkers who disrupt the opponents, and forwards who work along the boards and in the corners. They tend to be bigger than centreman and smaller than defenceman.\nThis position is commonly referred to by the side of the rink that the winger normally takes, i.e. \"left wing\" or \"right wing.\"
/m/033tf_	Irish Americans are Americans who can trace their ancestry to Ireland. About 36.3 million Americans—11.9% of the total population—reported Irish ancestry in the 2008 American Community Survey conducted by the U.S. Census Bureau. About 5.4 million people identify more specifically as Scotch-Irish, whose ancestors were Ulster Scots that immigrated from Ireland to the United States.
/m/0gghm	Dobro is a registered trademark now owned by Gibson Guitar Corporation and used for a particular design of resonator guitar.\nThe name has a long and involved history that is interwoven with that of the resonator guitar. Originally coined by the Dopyera brothers when they formed the Dobro Manufacturing Company, in time it came to commonly mean a resonator guitar, or specifically one with a single inverted resonator. This particular design was introduced by the Dopyeras' new company, in competition to the already patented Tricone and biscuit designs owned and produced by the National String Instrument Corporation.\nThe Dobro brand later also appeared on other instruments, notably electric lap-steel guitars and solid-body electric guitars and on other resonator instruments such as Safari resonator mandolins.\nWhen Gibson acquired the trademark in 1994, the company announced that it would defend its right to Dobro's exclusive use.
/m/03vtrv	Vertigo Records was a subsidiary of the Philips/Phonogram record label, launched in 1969 in the UK to specialise in prog rock and other non-mainstream musical styles. Today it is a label operated by Universal Music UK.
/m/01d9r3	A presidential system is a republic system of government where a head of government is also head of state and leads an executive branch that is separate from the legislative branch. The executive is elected and often titled \"president\" and is not responsible to the legislature and cannot, in normal circumstances, dismiss it. The legislature may have the right, in extreme cases, to dismiss the executive, often through impeachment. However, such dismissals are seen as so rare as not to contradict a central tenet of presidentialism, that in normal circumstances using normal means the legislature cannot dismiss the executive.\nThe title president has persisted from a time when such person personally presided over the government body, as with the US President of the Continental Congress, before the executive function was split into a separate branch of government and could no longer preside over the legislative body.\nPresidential systems are numerous and diverse, but the following are generally true:\nThe executive can veto legislative acts and, in turn, a supermajority of lawmakers may override the veto. The veto is generally derived from the British tradition of royal assent in which an act of parliament can only be enacted with the assent of the monarch.
/m/01_sz1	Synthpunk is a music genre combining elements of electronic music and punk rock.
/m/01w5m	Columbia University in the City of New York, commonly referred to as Columbia University, is an American private Ivy League research university located in the Morningside Heights neighborhood of Upper Manhattan in New York City. It is the oldest institution of higher learning in the State of New York, the fifth oldest in the United States, and one of the country's nine Colonial Colleges founded before the American Revolution. Today the university operates Columbia Global Centers overseas in Amman, Beijing, Istanbul, Paris, Mumbai, Rio de Janeiro, Santiago and Nairobi.\nThe university was founded in 1754 as King's College by royal charter of George II of Great Britain. After the American Revolutionary War, King's College briefly became a state entity, and was renamed Columbia College in 1784. The University now operates under a 1787 charter that places the institution under a private board of trustees, and in 1896 it was further renamed Columbia University. That same year, the university's campus was moved from Madison Avenue to its current location in Morningside Heights, where it occupies more than six city blocks, or 32 acres. The university encompasses twenty schools and is affiliated with numerous institutions, including Teachers College, Barnard College, and the Union Theological Seminary, with joint undergraduate programs available through the Jewish Theological Seminary of America as well as the Juilliard School.
/m/0k4bc	Shane is a 1953 American Western film from Paramount. It was produced and directed by George Stevens from a screenplay by A. B. Guthrie, Jr., based on the 1949 novel of the same name by Jack Schaefer. Its Oscar-winning cinematography was by Loyal Griggs. The film stars Alan Ladd, Jean Arthur and Van Heflin, and features Brandon deWilde, Elisha Cook, Jr., Jack Palance and Ben Johnson.\nShane was listed #45 in the 2007 edition of AFI's 100 Years…100 Movies list and #3 on AFI's 10 Top 10 in the category Western.
/m/0gs96	The Academy Award for Best Costume Design is one of the Academy Awards of Merit presented annually by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences for achievement in film costume design.\nThe award was first given for films made in 1948. Initially, separate award categories were established for black-and-white films and color films. Since the merger of the two categories in 1967, the Academy has traditionally avoided giving out the award to contemporary films.
/m/0l14jd	A choir is a musical ensemble of singers. Choral music, in turn, is the music written specifically for such an ensemble to perform.\nA body of singers who perform together as a group is called a choir or chorus. The former term is very often applied to groups affiliated with a church and the second to groups that perform in theatres or concert halls, but this distinction is far from rigid.\nThe term \"Choir\" has the secondary definition of a subset of an ensemble; thus one speaks of the \"woodwind choir\" of an orchestra, or different \"choirs\" of voices and/or instruments in a polychoral composition. In typical 18th- to 21st-century oratorios and masses, chorus or choir is usually understood to imply more than one singer per part, in contrast to the quartet of soloists also featured in these works.
/m/02llzg	Central European Time, used in most parts of the European Union, is a standard time which is 1 hour ahead of Coordinated Universal Time. The time offset from UTC can be written as +01:00. The same standard time, UTC+01:00, is also known as Middle European Time and under other names like Romance Standard Time.\nThe 15th meridian east is the central axis for UTC+01:00 in the world system of time zones.\nAs of 2011 all member states of the European Union observe summer time; those that use CET during the winter use Central European Summer Time, UTC+02:00, daylight saving time in summer.
/m/0g6ff	Russians are an East Slavic ethnic group native to Russia, speaking the Russian language and primarily live in Russia and neighboring countries. They are the most numerous ethnic group in Russia constituting more than 80% of the country's population according to the census of 2010, and the most numerous ethnic group in Europe.
/m/04yf_	The Mississippi River is the chief river of the largest drainage system in North America. Flowing entirely in the United States, it rises in northern Minnesota and meanders slowly southwards for 2,340 miles to the Mississippi River Delta at the Gulf of Mexico. With its many tributaries, the Mississippi's watershed drains all or parts of 31 US states and 2 Canadian provinces between the Rocky and Appalachian Mountains. The Mississippi ranks as the fourth longest and tenth largest river in the world. The river either borders or cuts through the states of Minnesota, Wisconsin, Iowa, Illinois, Missouri, Kentucky, Tennessee, Arkansas, Mississippi, and Louisiana.\nNative Americans long lived along the Mississippi and its tributaries. Most were hunter-gatherers or herders, but some, such as the Mound builders, formed prolific agricultural societies. The arrival of Europeans in the 1500s changed the native way of life as first explorers, then settlers, ventured into the basin in increasing numbers. The river served first as a barrier – forming borders for New Spain, New France, and the early United States – then as a vital transportation artery and communications link. In the 19th century, during the height of Manifest Destiny, the Mississippi and several western tributaries, most notably the Missouri, formed pathways for the western expansion of the United States.
/m/017y6l	DePauw University in Greencastle, Indiana, USA, is a private, national liberal arts college and School of Music with an enrollment of approximately 2,400 students. The school has a Methodist heritage and was originally known as Indiana Asbury University. DePauw is a member of both the Great Lakes Colleges Association and the North Coast Athletic Conference. The Society of Professional Journalists was founded at DePauw. DePauw is home to both the first modern-day sorority and the two longest continuously-running fraternities in the world.
/m/0jm5b	The Washington Wizards are a professional basketball franchise based in Washington, D.C. They are part of the Southeast Division of the Eastern Conference in the National Basketball Association. The team plays their home games at the Verizon Center, in the Chinatown neighborhood of Washington, D.C. ­
/m/0fn2g	Bangkok is the capital and the most populous city of Thailand. It is known in Thai as Krung Thep Maha Nakhon or simply Krung Thep. The city occupies 1,568.7 square kilometres in the Chao Phraya River delta in Central Thailand, and has a population of over eight million, or 12.6 percent of the country's population. Over fourteen million people live within the surrounding Bangkok Metropolitan Region, making Bangkok an extreme primate city, dwarfing Thailand's other urban centres in terms of importance.\nBangkok traces its roots to a small trading post during the Ayutthaya Kingdom in the 15th century, which eventually grew in size and became the site of two capital cities: Thonburi in 1768 and Rattanakosin in 1782. Bangkok was at the heart of Siam's modernization during the later nineteenth century, as the country faced pressures from the West. The city was the centre stage of Thailand's political struggles throughout the twentieth century, as the country abolished absolute monarchy, adopted constitutional rule and underwent numerous coups and uprisings. The city grew rapidly during the 1960s through the 1980s and now exerts a significant impact among Thailand's politics, economy, education, media and modern society.
/m/02279c	Rotherham United Football Club, nicknamed The Millers, is an English professional football club based in Rotherham, South Yorkshire, that competes in League One, the third tier in the English football league system. The club's colours have traditionally been red and white, although these have evolved through history. The kits are designed by Puma. The current home strip is red and white; with the Metropolitan Borough of Rotherham's coat of arms on the right of the shirt to commemorate the clubs return home, and their away kit is Grey. The club play its home games at New York Stadium, having played for more than a century at Millmoor.\nThe club has spent the majority of its history in the Football League's third tier, though its most successful period in recent years found the Millers competing in the old 2nd division which is now Football League Championship during the 1950s where they finished 3rd in the league, they reached the Football league championship in the early 2000s. It has also enjoyed more recent success, reaching the League Two Play Off Finals at Wembley Stadium in May 2010, and gaining automatic promotion after finishing runners-up in Football League Two in 2012–13.
/m/029qzx	Oral Roberts University, based in Tulsa, Oklahoma, in the United States, is an interdenominational, Christian, comprehensive liberal arts university with an enrollment of about 3,335 students from 50 U.S. states along with a significant number of international students from 65 countries. Founded in 1963, the university is named after its late founder, evangelist Oral Roberts.\nThe school fronts on South Lewis Avenue between East 75th Street and East 81st Street in South Tulsa. Sitting on a 263-acre campus, ORU is accredited by the Higher Learning Commission of the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools, and offers over 60 undergraduate degree programs along with a number of masters and doctoral degrees. ORU is classified as Master's University by the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching. ORU was also ranked as one of 123 institutions in the 2012 \"Best in the West\" regional list produced by The Princeton Review.
/m/043mk4y	Recount is a 2008 television film about the 2000 United States presidential election. The political drama was written by Danny Strong, directed by Jay Roach, and produced by Kevin Spacey, who also stars in the film. It premiered on HBO on May 25, 2008. The DVD was released on August 19, 2008.
/m/019c57	Kenyon College is a private liberal arts college of The Episcopal Church in Gambier, Ohio, founded in 1824 by Bishop Philander Chase, in parallel with the Bexley Hall seminary. It is the oldest private college in Ohio. The campus is noted for its Collegiate Gothic architecture and rural setting. It was named one of the most beautiful college campuses in the world by Forbes in 2010, and by Travel+Leisure in 2011. Old Kenyon, built in 1827, is believed to be the oldest Gothic revival building in the Americas. Kenyon College is accredited by The Higher Learning Commission of the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools.
/m/0cwfgz	Lock Up is a 1989 American prison film directed by John Flynn, starring Sylvester Stallone and Donald Sutherland. The film was released in the United States on August 4, 1989.
/m/04tc1g	The Adventures of Pluto Nash is a 2002 American science fiction comedy film directed by Ron Underwood and starring Eddie Murphy as the title protagonist. The film is considered one of the worst box office bombs, grossing only around $7.1 million on its reported $100 million budget.
/m/0fk3s	The Sioux are a Native American and First Nations people in North America. The term can refer to any ethnic group within the Great Sioux Nation or any of the nation's many language dialects. The Sioux comprise three major divisions based on Siouan dialect and subculture: the Santee, the Yankton-Yanktonai, and the Lakota.\nThe Santee, also called Eastern Dakota, reside in the extreme east of the Dakotas, Minnesota and northern Iowa. The Yankton and Yanktonai, collectively also referred to as the Western Dakota or by the endonym Wičhíyena, reside in the Minnesota River area. They are considered to be the middle Sioux, and have in the past been erroneously classified as Nakota. The Lakota, also called Teton, are the westernmost Sioux, known for their hunting and warrior culture.\nToday, the Sioux maintain many separate tribal governments scattered across several reservations, communities, and reserves in the Dakotas, Nebraska, Minnesota, and Montana in the United States; and Manitoba and southern Saskatchewan in Canada.
/m/0grmhb	Jon Stone is best known for writing and producing Sesame Street, and is credited with helping develop characters such as Cookie Monster, Oscar the Grouch and Big Bird. He is regarded by many as one of the best children's television writers.\nBorn in New Haven, Connecticut, Stone graduated from Williams College in 1952. He received a master's degree from the Yale University School of Drama in 1955, at which time he joined a CBS training program. It was then that Stone began his work in children's television, as a writer for Captain Kangaroo before moving onto Sesame Street as writer and executive producer. He also worked on several other Muppet projects before and during his time on Sesame Street, and was the author of several children's books, particularly The Monster at the End of This Book, published by Random House as a Little Golden Book.\nStone was married to former actress Beverley Owen, who was best remembered as the original 'Marilyn' on The Munsters first 13-episode 1964 season. During production, Owen was distraught over the separation-by-distance of her then-boyfriend, who was living on the east coast. Because of this, by late 1964 Owen was released from her contract, and left her Hollywood TV career to join and eventually marry Stone in New York The couple later had two daughters, Polly and Kate, before divorcing a decade later in 1974.
/m/02482c	The University of New Mexico is a public research university located in Albuquerque, New Mexico, in the United States. It is the state's flagship research institution, the largest post-secondary institution in the state in total enrollment across all campuses, as of 2012, and one of the state's largest employers.\nFounded in 1889, UNM offers bachelor's, master's, doctoral, and professional degree programs in a wide variety of fields. Its Albuquerque campus currently encompasses over 600 acres, and there are branch campuses in Gallup, Los Alamos, Rio Rancho, Taos, and Los Lunas.
/m/0chgr2	Victoria is a state in the south-east of Australia. Victoria is Australia's most densely populated state and its second-most populous state overall. Most of its population is concentrated in the area surrounding Port Phillip Bay, which includes the metropolitan area of its capital and largest city, Melbourne, which is Australia's second-largest city. Geographically the smallest state on the Australian mainland, Victoria is bordered by Bass Strait and Tasmania to the south, New South Wales to the north, the Tasman Sea to the east, and South Australia to the west.\nPrior to European settlement, the area now constituting Victoria was inhabited by a large number of Aboriginal peoples, collectively known as the Koori. With Great Britain having claimed the entire Australian continent east of the 135th meridian east in 1788, Victoria was included in the wider colony of New South Wales. The first settlement in the area occurred in 1803 at Sullivan Bay, and much of what is now Victoria was included in the Port Phillip District in 1836, an administrative division of New South Wales. Victoria was officially created a separate colony in 1851, and achieved self-government in 1855. The Victorian gold rush in the 1850s and 1860s significantly increased both the population and wealth of the colony, and by the Federation of Australia in 1901, Melbourne had become the largest city & leading financial centre in Australasia. Melbourne also served as capital of Australia until the construction of Canberra in 1927, with the Federal Parliament meeting in Melbourne's Parliament House and all principal offices of the federal government being based in Melbourne.
/m/05z_kps	Fish Tank is a 2009 British drama film written and directed by Andrea Arnold. The film won the Jury Prize at the 2009 Cannes Film Festival. It also won the 2010 BAFTA for Best British Film. It was filmed in the Mardyke Estate in Havering, the town of Tilbury, and the A13, and funded by BBC Films and the UK Film Council.
/m/0l14j_	The flute is a musical instrument of the woodwind family. Unlike woodwind instruments with reeds, a flute is an aerophone or reedless wind instrument that produces its sound from the flow of air across an opening. According to the instrument classification of Hornbostel–Sachs, flutes are categorized as edge-blown aerophones.\nA musician who plays the flute can be referred to as a flute player, a flautist, a flutist, or, less commonly, a fluter. The term flutenist, found in English up to the 18th century, is no longer used.\nAside from the voice, flutes are the earliest known musical instruments. A number of flutes dating to about 43,000 to 35,000 years ago have been found in the Swabian Alb region of Germany. These flutes demonstrate that a developed musical tradition existed from the earliest period of modern human presence in Europe.
/m/01rr_d	The Bachelor of Laws or LL.B. is an undergraduate, or bachelor, degree in law originating in England and offered in most common law Jurisdictions. In English-speaking Canada it is sometimes referred to as a post-graduate degree because previous university education is usually required for admission. The \"LL.\" of the abbreviation for the degree is from the genitive plural legum. Creating an abbreviation for a plural, especially from Latin, is often done by doubling the first letter, thus \"LL.B.\" stands for Legum Baccalaureus in Latin. It is sometimes erroneously called \"Bachelor of Legal Letters\" to account for the double \"L\".\nThe United States is the only common law country that no longer offers the LL.B. While the LL.B. was conferred until 1971 at Yale University, since that time, all universities in the United States have awarded the professional doctorate J.D., which then became the generally standardized degree in most states for the necessary bar exam prior to practice of law. Many law schools converted their basic law degree programs from LL.B. to J.D. in the 1960s, and permitted prior LL.B. graduates to retroactively receive the new doctorate degrees by returning their LL.B. in exchange for a J.D. degree. Yale graduates who received LL.B. degrees prior to 1971 were similarly permitted to change their degree to a J.D., although many did not take the option, retaining their LL.B. degrees.
/m/01rlxt	Richard Keith “Rick” Berman is an American television producer. He is best known for his work as the executive producer of several of the Star Trek series, Star Trek: The Next Generation, Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, and Star Trek: Voyager; and several of the Star Trek theatrical productions, and for succeeding Gene Roddenberry as head of the Star Trek franchise, until the cancellation of Star Trek: Enterprise in 2005.
/m/02gqm3	Never Say Never Again is a 1983 spy film based on the James Bond novel Thunderball, which was previously adapted in 1965 under that name. Unlike the majority of Bond films, Never Say Never Again was not produced by Eon Productions, but by an independent production company, one of whose members was Kevin McClory, one of the original writers of the Thunderball storyline with Ian Fleming and Jack Whittingham. McClory retained the filming rights of the novel following a long legal battle dating from the 1960s.\nThe film was directed by Irvin Kershner and, like Thunderball, stars Sean Connery as British Secret Service agent James Bond, 007, marking his return to the role 12 years after Diamonds Are Forever. The film's title references how Connery said to the press in 1971 that he would \"never again\" play James Bond. As Connery was 52 at the time of filming, the storyline features an ageing Bond, who is brought back into action to investigate the theft of two nuclear weapons by SPECTRE. Filming locations included France, Spain, the Bahamas and Elstree Studios in England.\nNever Say Never Again was released by Warner Bros. in the autumn of 1983. It opened to positive critic reviews and was a commercial success, grossing $160 million at the box office, although this was less overall than the Eon-produced Bond film released in June of the same year, Octopussy. In 1997 the distribution rights of Never Say Never Again were purchased by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, which distributes Eon's Bond films, and the company has handled subsequent home video releases of the film.
/m/0265v21	Patrick Mulcahey is an award-winning American television writer who graduated from Yale University.
/m/0b_ljy	Football Club Karpaty Lviv is a Ukrainian professional football club based in Lviv.
/m/018dnt	Colm J. Meaney is an Irish actor widely known for playing Miles O'Brien in Star Trek: The Next Generation and Star Trek: Deep Space Nine. He is second only to Michael Dorn in most appearances in Star Trek episodes. He has guest-starred on many TV shows from Law & Order to The Simpsons, and currently stars as railroad magnate Thomas Durant on AMC's hit drama series Hell on Wheels.\nHe has also had a significant career in motion pictures, appearing in the film The Damned United; all three film adaptations of Roddy Doyle's The Barrytown Trilogy; Get Him to the Greek and Alan Partridge: Alpha Papa.
/m/01g888	Ska punk is a fusion music genre that combines ska and punk rock. It achieved its highest level of commercial success in the United States in the late 1990s. Ska-core is a subgenre of ska punk, blending ska with hardcore punk.\nThe more punk-influenced style of ska punk often features faster tempos, guitar distortion, onbeat punk rock-style interludes, and punk-style vocals. The more ska-influenced style features a more developed instrumentation and a cleaner vocal and musical sound. Common instruments include electric guitar, electric bass, drums, brass instruments, reed instruments and keyboards.
/m/03d34x8	Breaking Bad is an American crime drama television series created and produced by Vince Gilligan. Set and produced in Albuquerque, New Mexico, Breaking Bad is the two-year-long story of Walter White, a struggling high school chemistry teacher who is diagnosed with inoperable lung cancer at the beginning of the series. He turns to a life of crime, producing and selling methamphetamine, in order to secure his family's financial future before he dies, teaming with his former student, Jesse Pinkman. The series has been labeled a contemporary western by its creator.\nThe series premiered on January 20, 2008 in the United States and Canada on the cable channel AMC, and the series finale aired on September 29, 2013. Breaking Bad received widespread critical acclaim, and is widely regarded as one of the greatest television series of all time. By its end, the series was among the most-watched cable shows on American television, with audience numbers that doubled in the fifth season from the previous year's episodes.\nThe series has won ten Primetime Emmy Awards, including three consecutive wins for Outstanding Lead Actor for Bryan Cranston, two wins for Outstanding Supporting Actor for Aaron Paul, an Outstanding Supporting Actress win for Anna Gunn, and, after three previous nominations, Outstanding Drama Series for the first half of the fifth season in 2013. The series has been nominated for seven Golden Globe Awards and won Best Television Series – Drama and Best Actor for Cranston for its final season. Cranston also received five nominations and won twice for a Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Male Actor, and the series won for Outstanding Ensemble for its final season. In 2013, the Writers Guild of America named Breaking Bad the 13th best-written TV series of all time. That same year, Guinness World Records called it the highest-rated TV series of all time, citing its season 5 Metacritic score of 99 out of 100.
/m/0gs9p	The Academy Award for Best Directing, usually known as the Best Director Oscar, is one of the Awards of Merit presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences to directors working in the motion picture industry. While nominations for Best Director are made by members in the Academy's Directing branch, the award winners are selected by the Academy membership as a whole.
/m/04r7p	Liv Johanne Ullmann is a Norwegian actress and movie director, as well as one of the \"muses\" of the Swedish director Ingmar Bergman. Nominated five times for a best actress Golden Globe Award, winning the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Motion Picture Drama during 1972 for the drama movie The Emigrants, Ullmann has also been nominated for the Palme d'Or, twice for the Academy Award, and twice for a BAFTA Film Award.
/m/02_p8v	Michael Gough was a British character actor who made over 150 film and television appearances. He is known for his roles in the Hammer Horror Films from 1958, and for his recurring role as Alfred Pennyworth in all four films of the Tim Burton/Joel Schumacher Batman series.
/m/0pv2t	The Goodbye Girl is a 1977 American romantic comedy-drama film. Directed by Herbert Ross, the film stars Richard Dreyfuss, Marsha Mason, Quinn Cummings, and Paul Benedict. The original screenplay by Neil Simon centers on an odd trio—a struggling actor who has sublet a Manhattan apartment from a friend, the current occupant and her precocious young daughter.\nRichard Dreyfuss won a Best Actor Oscar for his performance as Elliot Garfield. At the time he became the youngest man to win an Oscar for Best Actor.
/m/05j82v	Shadowlands is a 1993 British biographical film about the love-relationship between Oxford academic C. S. Lewis and American poet Joy Davidman, her tragic death from cancer, and how this challenged Lewis' Christian faith. It is directed by Richard Attenborough with a screenplay by William Nicholson based on his 1985 television production and 1989 stage adaptation of the same name. The original television film began life as a script entitled I Call it Joy written for Thames Television by Brian Sibley and Norman Stone. Sibley later wrote the book, Shadowlands: The True Story of C. S. Lewis and Joy Davidman.
/m/02pjxr	In film and television, a production designer or P.D is the person responsible for the overall look of a filmed event such as films, TV programs, video games, music videos or adverts. Production designers have one of the key creative roles in the creation of motion pictures and television. Working directly with the director and producer, they must select the settings and style to visually tell the story. The term \"production designer\" was coined by William Cameron Menzies while he was working on the film Gone with the Wind. Previously the people with the same responsibilities were called \"art directors.\"
/m/0j8sq	The Montreal Alouettes are a Canadian Football League team based in Montreal, Quebec. Founded in 1946, the team has folded and been revived twice. The Alouettes compete in the CFL Eastern Division and last won the Grey Cup championship in 2010. Their home field is Percival Molson Memorial Stadium for the regular season and Olympic Stadium for the playoffs.\nThe original Alouettes team won four Grey Cups and were particularly dominant in the 1970s. After their collapse in 1982 a Montreal CFL team was immediately reestablished, playing first as the Montreal Concordes and for a single year as the Alouettes once more. A second folding in 1987 led to a nine-year hiatus of CFL football in the city. The current Alouettes franchise is a 1996 relocation of the Baltimore Stallions, the lone success story of CFL's American expansion. The CFL considers all clubs that have played in Montreal as one franchise in their league records but do not recognize the Baltimore franchise, or its records, as part of the official team history.\nThe latest incarnation of the Alouettes have proven dynamic on the field and were arguably the best CFL team of the 2000s; they took home three Grey Cups in that decade bringing the total for all incarnations of the franchise to seven. Major stars of the recent era include Mike Pringle, the CFL career leader in rushing yards, and quarterback Anthony Calvillo, who leads all of pro football in career passing yards.
/m/0fs1v	Port-au-Prince is the capital and largest city of the Caribbean country of Haiti. The city's population was 897,859 as of the 2009 census, and was officially estimated to have reached 942,194 in 2012.\nThe city of Port-au-Prince is on the Gulf of Gonâve: the bay on which the city lies, which acts as a natural harbor, has sustained economic activity since the civilizations of the Arawaks. It was first incorporated under the colonial rule of the French, in 1749, and has been Haiti's largest city since then. The city's layout is similar to that of an amphitheatre; commercial districts are near the water, while residential neighborhoods are located on the hills above. Its population is difficult to ascertain due to the rapid growth of slums in the hillsides above the city; however, recent estimates place the metropolitan area's population at around 3.7 million, nearly half of the country's national population.\nPort-au-Prince was catastrophically affected by an earthquake on January 12, 2010, with large numbers of structures damaged or destroyed. Haiti's government has estimated the death toll at 230,000 and says more bodies remain uncounted.
/m/03193l	David Grisman is an American bluegrass/newgrass mandolinist and composer of acoustic music. In the early 1990s, he started the Acoustic Disc record label to help spread acoustic and instrumental music.
/m/027cyf7	The National Board of Review Award for Best Acting by an Ensemble is an annual film award given by the National Board of Review.
/m/02lg3y	Drea de Matteo is an American television actress, known for her roles as Angie Bolen on ABC's Desperate Housewives, Joey Tribbiani's sister Gina on the NBC sitcom Joey, and as Adriana La Cerva on the acclaimed HBO TV series The Sopranos, a role for which she won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series.
/m/0ggh3	Jacksonville is the largest city in the U.S. state of Florida by population and the largest city by area in the contiguous United States. It is the county seat of Duval County, with which the city government consolidated in 1968. Consolidation gave Jacksonville its great size and placed most of its metropolitan population within the city limits; with an estimated population in 2012 of 836,507, it is the most populous city proper in Florida and the Southeast, and the 12th most populous in the United States. Jacksonville is the principal city in the Jacksonville metropolitan area, with a population of 1,345,596 in 2010.\nJacksonville is in the First Coast region of northeast Florida and is centered on the banks of the St. Johns River, about 25 miles south of the Georgia state line and about 340 miles north of Miami. The Jacksonville Beaches communities are along the adjacent Atlantic coast. The area was originally inhabited by the Timucua people, and in 1564 was the site of the French colony of Fort Caroline, one of the earliest European settlements in what is now the continental United States. Under British rule, settlement grew at the narrow point in the river where cattle crossed, known as Wacca Pilatka to the Seminole and Cowford to the British. A platted town was established there in 1822, a year after the United States gained Florida from Spain; it was named after Andrew Jackson, the first military governor of the Florida Territory and seventh President of the United States.
/m/0rtv	Algiers is the capital and largest city of Algeria. According to the 1998 census, the population of the city proper was 1,519,570 and that of the urban agglomeration was 2,135,630. In 2009, the population was about 3,500,000. An estimate puts the population at about 3,574,000 as of 2010. Algiers is located on the Mediterranean Sea and in the north-central portion of Algeria.\nSometimes nicknamed El-Behdja or alternatively Alger la Blanche for the glistening white of its buildings as seen rising up from the sea, Algiers is situated on the west side of a bay of the Mediterranean Sea. The modern part of the city is built on the level ground by the seashore; the old part, the ancient city of the deys, climbs the steep hill behind the modern town and is crowned by the casbah or citadel, 122 metres above the sea. The casbah and the two quays form a triangle.
/m/0d58_	Bayreuth is a sizeable town in northern Bavaria, Germany, on the Red Main river in a valley between the Franconian Jura and the Fichtelgebirge Mountains. The town's roots date back to 1194 and it is nowadays the capital of Upper Franconia with a population of 72,576. It is world-famous for its annual Bayreuth Festival, at which performances of operas by the 19th-century German composer Richard Wagner are presented.
/m/0556j8	The buddy film is a film genre in which two people of the same sex are put together. The two often contrast in personality, which creates a different dynamic onscreen than a pairing of two people of the opposite sex. The contrast is sometimes accentuated by an ethnic difference between the two. The buddy film is commonplace in American cinema; unlike some other film genres, it endured through the 20th century with different pairings and different themes.
/m/02zmh5	Martin Sandberg, known professionally as Max Martin, is a Swedish music producer and songwriter. He rose to prominence in the mid-1990s after crafting a string of major hits for artists such as Backstreet Boys, Britney Spears and 'N Sync. Some of his earlier hits include \"Quit Playing Games\", \"Everybody\", \"I Want It That Way\", \"...Baby One More Time\", \"Oops!... I Did It Again\", and \"It's My Life\".\nHis trademark during the second half of the 1990s and the early 2000s was a danceable, keyboard-laden pop sound that blended music styles such as funk, heavy metal and europop. However, with Kelly Clarkson's songs \"Since U Been Gone\" and \"Behind These Hazel Eyes\", Martin stepped back into the spotlight after reinventing himself with a heavier, rock-tinged sound.\nSince 1999, he has written and co-written 17 Billboard number-one hits, including \"Wish You Were Here\" by Avril Lavigne; \"So What\" and \"Raise Your Glass\" by Pink; \"I Kissed a Girl\", \"Hot n Cold\", \"California Gurls\", \"Teenage Dream\", \"E.T.\", \"Last Friday Night\", \"Part of Me\", \"Roar\", \"The One That Got Away\" and \"Wide Awake\" by Katy Perry; \"We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together\" by Taylor Swift; \"My Life Would Suck Without You\" by Kelly Clarkson, \"...Baby One More Time\", \"3\", \"Hold It Against Me\" by Britney Spears, and \"One More Night\" by Maroon 5. Top-10 singles co-written by Martin in the same period include \"Dynamite\" by Taio Cruz, \"DJ Got Us Fallin' in Love\" by Usher, \"Whataya Want From Me\" by Adam Lambert, \"F**kin' Perfect\" by Pink, \"Beauty and a Beat\" by Justin Bieber, and, \"I Knew You Were Trouble\" by Taylor Swift.
/m/035xwd	Sleepers is a 1996 American legal drama film written, produced, and directed by Barry Levinson, and based on Lorenzo Carcaterra's 1995 novel of the same name.
/m/03p9hl	Claire Bloom, CBE is an English film and stage actress, famous for leading roles in plays, such as Streetcar Named Desire, A Doll’s House, and Long Day's Journey into Night, along with nearly sixty films, during a career spanning over six decades.\nAfter an uprooted and unstable childhood in war-torn England, Bloom studied drama in school, which became her passion. She had her debut on the London stage when she was sixteen, and soon took roles in various Shakespeare plays. They included Hamlet, where she played Ophelia alongside Richard Burton, with whom she would have a \"long and stormy\" first love affair. For her Juliet in Romeo and Juliet, critic Kenneth Tynan stated it was “the best Juliet I’ve ever seen.” And after starring as Blanche in Streetcar Named Desire, its playwright, Tennessee Williams, was \"exultant,\" stating, \"I declare myself absolutely wild about Claire Bloom.\"\nIn 1952, Bloom was discovered by Hollywood film star Charlie Chaplin, who had been searching for months for an actress with \"beauty, talent, and a great emotional range,\" to co-star alongside him in Limelight. It became Bloom's film debut and made her into an international film star. During her lengthy film career, she starred alongside numerous major actors, including Laurence Olivier, John Gielgud, Paul Scofield, Ralph Richardson, Yul Brynner, George C. Scott, James Mason, Paul Newman and Rod Steiger, whom she would marry.
/m/015nl4	The Royal Academy of Dramatic Art is a drama school located in London, England. It is one of the oldest drama schools in the United Kingdom, having been founded in 1904, and is generally regarded as one of the most prestigious drama schools in the world.\nRADA is an affiliate school of the Conservatoire for Dance and Drama and its higher education awards are validated by King's College London. It is based in the Bloomsbury area of Central London, close to the Senate House complex of the University of London.\nThe current Director of the Academy is Edward Kemp. The President is The Lord Attenborough, the Chairman is Sir Stephen Waley-Cohen and the Vice-Chairman is Alan Rickman.
/m/013pk3	James Hugh Calum Laurie, OBE, known as Hugh Laurie, is an English actor, comedian, writer, musician, and director. He first became known as one half of the Fry and Laurie double act, along with his friend and comedy partner Stephen Fry, whom he joined in the cast of A Bit of Fry & Laurie, Blackadder, and Jeeves and Wooster from 1985 to 1999.\nFrom 2004 to 2012, he played Dr. Gregory House, the protagonist of House, for which he received two Golden Globe awards, two Screen Actors Guild awards and six Emmy nominations. He has been listed in the 2011 Guinness Book of World Records as the most watched leading man on television and is one of the highest-paid actors in a television drama, earning £250,000 per episode in House.
/m/05g2v	North Africa or Northern Africa is the northernmost region of the African continent. Geopolitically, the United Nations definition of Northern Africa includes seven countries or territories; Algeria, Egypt, Libya, Morocco, Sudan, Tunisia, and Western Sahara. Algeria, Morocco, Tunisia, Libya and often Mauritania and Western Sahara are the Maghreb or Maghrib, while Egypt and Sudan are referred to as the Nile Valley of which most of its waters come from The Highlands of Ethiopia in East Africa. Egypt is a transcontinental country by virtue of the Sinai Peninsula, which is in Asia. North Africa also includes a number of Spanish possessions, Ceuta and Melilla. The Canary Islands and the Portuguese Madeira Islands, in the North Atlantic Ocean northwest of the African mainland, are sometimes included in considerations of the region.\nThe distinction between North Africa and much of Sub-Saharan Africa is historically and ecologically significant because of the effective barrier created by the Sahara desert for much of modern history. From 3500 B.C., following the abrupt desertification of the Sahara due to a shift in the Earth's orbit, this barrier has culturally separated the North from the rest of the continent. As the seafaring civilizations of the Phoenicians, Greeks, Romans, Muslims and others facilitated communication and migration across the Mediterranean, the cultures of North Africa became much more closely tied to Southwestern Asia and Europe than Sub-Saharan Africa. The Islamic influence in the area is also significant, and North Africa is a major part of the Arab world.
/m/05p3738	Centurion is a 2010 British action film directed by Neil Marshall, loosely based on the legend of the massacre of the Ninth Legion in Caledonia in the early second century AD. The film stars Michael Fassbender, Olga Kurylenko, Dominic West and Liam Cunningham.
/m/04d5v9	Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons, often known as P&S, is a graduate school of Columbia University that is located on the health sciences campus in the Washington Heights neighborhood of Manhattan. Founded in 1767 by Samuel Bard as the medical department of King's College, the College of Physicians and Surgeons was the first medical school in the thirteen colonies and hence, the United States, to award the Doctor of Medicine degree. Beginning in 1993, P&S also was the first medical school in the United States to hold a White Coat Ceremony.\nAccording to U.S. News and World Report P&S is one of the most selective medical schools in the United States based on average MCAT, GPA, and acceptance rate. In 2011, 6,907 people applied and 1,158 were interviewed for 169 positions in its entering class. The average undergraduate GPA and average MCAT score for successful applicants in 2011 were 3.78 and 35.7, respectively. Columbia is currently ranked 8th amongst research-oriented medical schools in the United States and ranked 43rd for primary care by U.S. News and World Report. It is currently ranked 5th amongst medical schools in the world by the Academic Ranking of World Universities. Columbia is affiliated with New York-Presbyterian Hospital, the nation's 7th-ranked hospital according to U.S. News and World Report.
/m/0gxfz	The Philadelphia Story is a 1940 American romantic comedy film directed by George Cukor, starring Cary Grant, Katharine Hepburn, and James Stewart and featuring Ruth Hussey. Based on the Broadway play of the same name by Philip Barry, the film is about a socialite whose wedding plans are complicated by the simultaneous arrival of her ex-husband and a tabloid magazine journalist. Written for the screen by Donald Ogden Stewart and an uncredited Waldo Salt, it is considered one of the best examples of a comedy of remarriage, a genre popular in the 1930s and 1940s, in which a couple divorce, flirt with outsiders and then remarry – a useful story-telling ploy at a time when the depiction of extramarital affairs was blocked by the Production Code.\nThe film was Hepburn's first big hit following several flops, which had led to her being included on a 1938 list that Manhattan movie theater owner Harry Brandt compiled of actors he considered to be \"box office poison.\" She acquired the film rights to the play, which she had also starred in, with the help of Howard Hughes, in order to control it as a vehicle for her movie comeback.\nThe film was nominated for six Academy Awards, winning two: Stewart for Best Actor and Donald Ogden Stewart for Best Adapted Screenplay. It was remade in 1956 as the musical High Society, starring Bing Crosby, Grace Kelly, Frank Sinatra and Louis Armstrong.
/m/03msf	Hertfordshire is a county in England. It is one of the home counties and is bordered by Bedfordshire to the north, Cambridgeshire to the north-east, Essex to the east, Buckinghamshire to the west and Greater London to the south. The county town is Hertford.
/m/01zxzp	Psychological horror is a subgenre of horror fiction, film, and video games which relies on the characters' fears and emotional instability to build tension.
/m/05g2b	Nijmegen is a municipality and a city in the east of the Netherlands, near the German border. It is considered to be the oldest city in the Netherlands and celebrated its 2000th year of existence in 2005. The municipality is part of the \"Stadsregio Arnhem-Nijmegen\", a metropolitan area with 736,107 inhabitants.
/m/01fhsb	A pastor is usually an ordained leader of a Christian congregation. When used as an ecclesiastical styling or title, the term may be abbreviated to \"Pr\" or often \"Ps\". A pastor also gives advice and counsel to people from the community or congregation.
/m/0138mv	Udinese Calcio is an Italian football club based in Udine, Friuli-Venezia Giulia, and currently plays in the Serie A. Founded in 1896, Udinese is the second oldest club in Italy, after Genoa.\nThe traditional team home kit is black and white striped shirt, black shorts, and white socks. The club plays in the Stadio Friuli, which has a capacity of 41,652. The club also broadcasts on channel 110 on digital terrestrial television in north-east of Italy. It has a large number of fans in Friuli and surrounding areas.
/m/02ctc6	The Prince of Egypt is a 1998 American animated epic musical semi-historical drama film and the first traditionally animated film produced and released by DreamWorks Animation. The film is an adaptation of the Book of Exodus and follows Moses' life from being a prince of Egypt to his ultimate destiny to lead the children of Israel out of Egypt. The film was directed by Brenda Chapman, Simon Wells and Steve Hickner. The film featured songs written by Stephen Schwartz and a score composed by Hans Zimmer. The voice cast featured a number of major Hollywood actors in the speaking roles, while professional singers replaced them for the songs, except for Michelle Pfeiffer, Ralph Fiennes, Steve Martin, Martin Short, and Ofra Haza, who sang their own parts.\nThe film was nominated for best Original Musical or Comedy Score and won for Best Original Song at the 1999 Academy Awards for \"When You Believe\". The song's pop version was performed at the ceremony by Whitney Houston and Mariah Carey. The song, co-written by Stephen Schwartz, Hans Zimmer and with additional production by Babyface, was nominated for Best Original Song at the 1999 Golden Globes, and was also nominated for Outstanding Performance of a Song for a Feature Film at the ALMA Awards.
/m/03_vpw	A backing vocalist or backing singer is a singer who provides vocal harmony with the lead vocalist or other backing vocalists. In some cases, a backing singer may sing alone as a lead-in to the main vocalist's entry or a counter-melody.\nSolo artists may employ professional backing vocalists in studio recording sessions as well as during concerts and other live performance routines. In many rock and metal bands, the musicians doing backup vocals also play instruments, such as guitar, electric bass, drums, or keyboards. In Latin or Afro-Cuban groups, backup singers may play percussion instruments or shakers while singing. In some pop and hip-hop groups and in musical theater, the backup singers may be required to perform elaborately-choreographed dance routines while they sing through headset microphones.
/m/0vhm	Animaniacs is an American animated television series, distributed by Warner Bros. Television and produced by Amblin Entertainment and Warner Bros. Animation. Animaniacs is the second animated series produced by the collaboration of Steven Spielberg and Warner Bros. Animation during the animation renaissance of the late 1980s and early 1990s. The studio's first series, Tiny Toon Adventures, was a success among younger viewers, and attracted a sizable number of adult viewers. The Animaniacs writers and animators, led by senior producer Tom Ruegger, used the experience gained from the previous series to create new animated characters that were cast in the mold of Chuck Jones and Tex Avery's creations.\nThe comedy of Animaniacs was a broad mix of old-fashioned wit, slapstick, pop culture references, and cartoon violence. The show featured a number of comedic educational segments that covered subjects such as history, mathematics, geography, astronomy, science, and social studies, often in musical form. Animaniacs itself was a variety show, with short skits featuring a large cast of characters. While the show had no set format, the majority of episodes were composed of three short mini-episodes, each starring a different set of characters, and bridging segments.
/m/01ygr_	The Indian Army is the land-based branch and the largest component of the Indian Armed Forces. The President of India serves as the de-jure Commander-in-Chief of the army While the de-facto leadership lies with Minister of defense,and it is commanded by the Chief of Army Staff, who is a four-star general. Two officers have been conferred the rank of Field marshal, a five-star ranked general, which is a ceremonial position of great honour. The Indian Army originated from the armies of the East India Company, which eventually became the British Indian Army and finally the national army after independence. The units and regiments of the Indian Army have diverse histories and have participated in a number of battles and campaigns across the world, earning a large number of battle and theatre honours before and after Independence.\nThe primary mission of the Indian Army is to ensure national security and unity, defending the nation from external aggression and threats, and maintaining peace and security within its borders. It conducts humanitarian rescue operations during natural calamities and other disturbances, like Operation Surya Hope, and can also be requisitioned by the government to cope with internal threats. It is a major component of national power alongside the Indian Navy and the Indian Air Force. The army has been involved in four wars with neighbouring Pakistan and one with China. Other major operations undertaken by the army include Operation Vijay, Operation Meghdoot and Operation Cactus. Apart from conflicts, the army has conducted large peace time exercises like Operation Brasstacks and Exercise Shoorveer, and it has also been an active participant in numerous United Nations peacekeeping missions including the ones in Cyprus, Lebanon, Congo, Angola, Cambodia, Vietnam, Namibia, El Salvador, Liberia, Mozambique and Somalia.
/m/0jkhr	North Carolina State University, officially North Carolina State University at Raleigh, is a public, coeducational, research university located in Raleigh, North Carolina, United States. Commonly known as NC State or simply State, the university is part of the University of North Carolina system and is a land, sea, and space grant institution. The university forms one of the corners of the Research Triangle together with Duke University in Durham and The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.\nThe North Carolina General Assembly founded the North Carolina College of Agriculture and Mechanic Arts, now NC State, on March 7, 1887, as a land-grant college. Today, NC State has an enrollment of more than 34,000 students, making it the largest university in the Carolinas. NC State has historical strengths in engineering, agriculture, life sciences, textiles and design and now offers 106 bachelor's degrees. The graduate school offers 104 master's degrees, 61 doctoral degrees, and a Doctor of Veterinary Medicine.
/m/02rsw	The Episcopal Church is part of the worldwide Anglican Communion. It is divided into nine provinces and has dioceses in the U.S., Taiwan, Micronesia, the Caribbean, Central and South America, as well as the Convocation of Episcopal Churches in Europe and the Navajoland Area Mission. The Episcopal Church describes itself as being \"Protestant, yet Catholic\". In 2010, it had 2,125,012 baptized members, of which 1,951,907 were in the U.S., making it the nation's 14th largest denomination.\nThe church was organized after the American Revolution, when it separated from the Church of England whose clergy are required to swear allegiance to the British monarch as Supreme Governor of the Church of England, and became the first Anglican Province outside the British Isles.\nThe Episcopal Church was active in the Social Gospel movement of the late 19th and early 20th centuries. Since the 1960s and 1970s, it has opposed the death penalty and supported the civil rights movement and affirmative action. Some of its leaders and priests marched with civil rights demonstrators. Today the Church calls for the full civil equality of gay and lesbian people, and the church's General Convention has passed resolutions that allow for same-sex marriages in states in which it is legal. The convention also approved an official liturgy to bless such unions. On the question of abortion, the church has adopted a \"nuanced approach\".
/m/03_wm6	Brotherhood of the Wolf is a 2001 French historical horror-action film directed by Christophe Gans, written by Gans and Stéphane Cabel, starring Samuel Le Bihan, Mark Dacascos, Emilie Dequenne, Monica Bellucci, and Vincent Cassel.\nThe film is loosely based on a real-life series of killings that took place in France in the 18th century and the famous legend around the Beast of Gévaudan; Parts of the film were shot at Château de Roquetaillade. The film has several extended swash buckling scenes amongst several characters, and martial arts performances by Dacascos, making it unusual for a historical drama.\nThis $29 million-budgeted film was an international box office success, grossing over $70 million in worldwide theatrical release. In the United States, the film also enjoyed big commercial success; Universal Pictures paid $2 million to acquire the film's US distribution rights and this film went on grossing $11,260,096 in limited theatrical release in the United States, making it the second highest-grossing French-language film in the United States since 1980.
/m/07dvs	Tajikistan, officially the Republic of Tajikistan, is a mountainous landlocked country in Central Asia. It borders Afghanistan to the south, Uzbekistan to the west, Kyrgyzstan to the north, and China to the east. Pakistan is separated from Tajikistan by the narrow Wakhan Corridor in the south.\nMost of Tajikistan's population belongs to the Persian-speaking Tajik ethnic group, who share language, culture and history with Afghanistan and Iran. Once part of the Samanid Empire, Tajikistan became a constituent republic of the Soviet Union in the 20th century, known as the Tajik Soviet Socialist Republic. Mountains cover more than 90% of the republic. After independence, Tajikistan suffered from a devastating civil war which lasted from 1992 to 1997. Since the end of the war, newly established political stability and foreign aid have allowed the country's economy to grow. Trade in commodities such as cotton, aluminium and uranium has contributed greatly to this steady improvement.
/m/01fq7	Battle Creek is a city in the U.S. state of Michigan, in northwest Calhoun County, at the confluence of the Kalamazoo and Battle Creek Rivers. It is the principal city of the Battle Creek, Michigan Metropolitan Statistical Area, which encompasses all of Calhoun county. As of the 2010 census, the city had a total population of 52,347, while the MSA population was 136,146.\nBattle Creek, known as the \"Cereal City\", is the world headquarters of Kellogg Company, founded by Will Keith Kellogg in 1906, whose brother, Dr. John Harvey Kellogg, invented cold breakfast cereal as an alternative to the traditional meat-based breakfast. It is also the founding location of Post Cereals which is now Post Foods, as well as the location of a Ralston Foods cereal factory owned by Ralcorp.\nDr. John Harvey Kellogg, director of the Battle Creek Sanitarium, was featured in the T.C. Boyle novel The Road to Wellville and the movie of the same name. The Battle Creek Sanitarium, which is now the Battle Creek Federal Center building, is still one of the tallest buildings in Battle Creek. This building is a historical marker to the city and the state of Michigan.\nIn 1982, voters approved merging Battle Creek Township with the city of Battle Creek, under pressure from Kellogg Company, which threatened to move its headquarters away from Battle Creek if the city and township did not merge. Battle Creek is currently the third-largest city in Michigan by area, after Detroit and Grand Rapids.
/m/0vgkd	A black comedy is a comic work that employs black humor, which, in its most basic definition, is humor that makes light of otherwise serious subject matter. Black humor corresponds to the earlier concept of gallows humor.
/m/08664q	Martin Donovan is an American film, stage and television actor. He has had a long collaboration with director Hal Hartley, appearing in many of Hartley's films, such as Trust, Surviving Desire, Simple Men, Flirt, Amateur, and The Book of Life. Donovan also played Peter Scottson, a DEA agent, on Showtime's cable series Weeds. He made his writing/directorial debut in 2011 with the film Collaborator.
/m/0p1l2	John F. Kennedy International Airport in the borough of Queens in New York City is owned by the City of New York and operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey under a long-term operating lease. It is about 12 miles southeast of Lower Manhattan. It is the busiest international air passenger gateway in the United States, handling more international traffic than any other airport in North America. It is also the third-leading freight gateway to the country by value of shipments. In 2012, the airport handled 49,292,733 passengers, making it the 17th busiest airport in the world and sixth busiest in the United States by passenger traffic. Together, JFK International, LaGuardia, and Newark International airports, all operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, are the largest airport system in the United States, second in the world in terms of passenger traffic, and first in the world by total flight operations. In the last few years it has made many improvements to terminals, roadways and inter-terminal transportation.\nDedicated as New York International Airport in 1948, the airport was more commonly known as Idlewild Airport until 1963, when it was renamed in memory of John F. Kennedy, the 35th President of the United States.
/m/07nt8p	The Illusionist is a 2006 American period drama film written and directed by Neil Burger and starring Edward Norton, Paul Giamatti, and Jessica Biel. It is based loosely on Steven Millhauser's short story, \"Eisenheim the Illusionist\". The film tells the story of Eisenheim, a magician in fin de siècle Vienna, who uses his abilities to secure the love of a woman far above his social standing. The film also depicts a fictionalized version of the Mayerling Incident.\nThe film premiered at the 2006 Sundance Film Festival and opened the 2006 Seattle International Film Festival; it was distributed in limited release to theaters on August 18, 2006, and expanded nationwide on September 1. The film was a commercial and critical success.
/m/03xh50	The Japan national football team represents Japan in association football and is operated by the Japan Football Association, the governing body for association football in Japan. Their head coach is Alberto Zaccheroni.\nJapan is the most successful football team in Asia, having qualified for the last five consecutive FIFA World Cups with second round advancements in 2002 & 2010, and having won the AFC Asian Cup a record four times in 1992, 2000, 2004 & 2011. To this they add a 2001 FIFA Confederations Cup second place.\nThe Japanese team is commonly known by the fans and media as Soccer Nippon Daihyō, Nippon Daihyō, or Daihyō as abbreviated expressions. Although the team does not have an official nickname as such, it is often known by the name of the manager. For example, under Takeshi Okada, the team was known as Okada Japan. Recently the team has been known or nicknamed as the \"Samurai Blue\", while news media still refer it to by manager's last name, as \"Zaccheroni Japan\", or \"Zac Japan\" in short.
/m/083shs	The Cider House Rules is a 1999 American drama film directed by Lasse Hallström, based on John Irving's novel of the same name. The film won two Academy Awards, and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture, along with four other nominations at the 72nd Academy Awards. John Irving documented his involvement in bringing the novel to the screen in his book, My Movie Business.\nJohn Irving won the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay, while Michael Caine won his second Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor, his first coming in 1986 for the film Hannah and Her Sisters.
/m/06d_3	Rail transport is a means of conveyance of passengers and goods, by way of wheeled vehicles running on rails. It is also commonly referred to as train transport. In contrast to road transport, where vehicles merely run on a prepared surface, rail vehicles are also directionally guided by the tracks on which they run. Track usually consists of steel rails installed on sleepers/ties and ballast, on which the rolling stock, usually fitted with metal wheels, moves. However, other variations are also possible, such as slab track where the rails are fastened to a concrete foundation resting on a prepared subsurface.\nRolling stock in railway transport systems generally has lower frictional resistance when compared with highway vehicles and the passenger and freight cars can be coupled into longer trains. The operation is carried out by a railway company, providing transport between train stations or freight customer facilities. Power is provided by locomotives which either draw electrical power from a railway electrification system or produce their own power, usually by diesel engines. Most tracks are accompanied by a signalling system. Railways are a safe land transport system when compared to other forms of transport. Railway transport is capable of high levels of passenger and cargo utilization and energy efficiency, but is often less flexible and more capital-intensive than highway transport is, when lower traffic levels are considered.
/m/07yvsn	Oscar®-winning\nSofia Coppola brings to the screen an imaginative interpretation of the life of\nFrance’s\nlegendary teenage queen Marie Antoinette. When betrothed to King Louis\nXVI (Jason Schwartzman), the naïve Marie Antoinette (Kirsten Dunst) enters the\nopulent French court which is steeped in conspiracy and scandal. Without guidance, adrift in a dangerous\nworld, the young girl rebels against the isolated atmosphere at Versailles and becomes France’s most misunderstood\nmonarch.
/m/0ffmp	Odesa, or Odessa, is the third largest city in Ukraine, with a population of 1,003,705. In the beginning of the 20th century it was the biggest city of Ukraine and had a special independent jurisdiction. The city is a major seaport and transportation hub located on the northwestern shore of the Black Sea. Odessa is also an administrative center of the Odessa Oblast and major cultural center of multi-ethnic population. Its alternative Russian name is the Southern Palmira.\nThe predecessor of Odessa, a small Tatar settlement, was founded by Hacı I Giray, the Khan of Crimea, in 1440 and originally named after him as \"Hacıbey\". After a period of Lithuanian control, it passed into the domain of the Ottoman Sultan in 1529 and remained in Ottoman hands until the Ottoman Empire's defeat in the Russo-Turkish War of 1792. The city of Odessa was founded by a decree of the Empress Catherine the Great in 1794. From 1819 to 1858 Odessa was a free port. During the Soviet period it was the most important port of trade in the Soviet Union and a Soviet naval base. On 1 January 2000 the Quarantine Pier of Odessa trade sea port was declared a free port and free economic zone for a term of 25 years.
/m/04yqlk	Theresa Elizabeth \"Teri\" Polo is an American actress best known for her role as Pam Focker in the film Meet the Parents and its two sequels, Meet the Fockers and Little Fockers. She was one of the stars of the sitcom I'm with Her, had a recurring role as Helen Santos on the political drama series The West Wing and currently plays the lead role of police officer Stef Foster in the ABC Family series The Fosters.
/m/03cglm	Frank Theodore “Ted” Levine is an American actor. He is known for his roles as Buffalo Bill in The Silence of the Lambs and as Captain Leland Stottlemeyer in the television series Monk.
/m/0147sh	Quo Vadis is a 1951 American epic film made by MGM in Technicolor. It was directed by Mervyn LeRoy and produced by Sam Zimbalist, from a screenplay by John Lee Mahin, S. N. Behrman and Sonya Levien, adapted from Henryk Sienkiewicz's classic 1896 novel Quo Vadis. The music score was by Miklós Rózsa and the cinematography by Robert Surtees and William V. Skall. The title refers to an incident in the Acts of Peter; see Quo Vadis?.\nThe film stars Robert Taylor, Deborah Kerr, Leo Genn, Peter Ustinov, with Patricia Laffan, Finlay Currie, Felix Aylmer and Abraham Sofaer. Sophia Loren was cast in the movie as an extra, and Sergio Leone worked on it as an assistant director of the Italian company.
/m/03x7hd	Ratatouille is a 2007 American computer-animated comedy film produced by Pixar Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures. It is the eighth film produced by Pixar, and was co-written and directed by Brad Bird, who took over from Jan Pinkava in 2005. The title refers to a French dish, \"ratatouille\", which is served at the end of the film, and is also a play on words about the species of the main character. The film stars the voices of Patton Oswalt as Remy, an anthropomorphic rat who is interested in cooking; Lou Romano as Linguini, a young garbage boy who befriends Remy; Ian Holm as Skinner, the head chef of Auguste Gusteau's restaurant; Janeane Garofalo as Colette, a rôtisseur at Gusteau's restaurant; Peter O'Toole as Anton Ego, a restaurant critic; Brian Dennehy as Django, Remy's father and leader of his clan; Peter Sohn as Emile, Remy's older brother; and Brad Garrett as Auguste Gusteau, a recently deceased chef. The plot follows Remy, who dreams of becoming a chef and tries to achieve his goal by forming an alliance with a Parisian restaurant's garbage boy.\nDevelopment of Ratatouille began in 2001 when Pinkava wrote the original concepts of the film. In 2005, Bird was approached to direct the film and revised the story. Bird and some of the film's crew members also visited Paris for inspiration. To create the food animations used in the film, the crew consulted chefs from both France and the United States. Bird also interned at Thomas Keller's French Laundry restaurant, where Keller developed the confit byaldi, a dish used in the film. Ratatouille premiered on June 22, 2007 at the Kodak Theatre in Los Angeles, California, and had its general release on June 29, 2007 in the United States. The film grossed $623.7 million at the box office and received critical acclaim. The film later won the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature, among other honors.
/m/0n5kc	Atlantic County is a county located in the U.S. state of New Jersey. As of the 2010 United States Census, the county had a population of 274,549, having increased by 21,997 from the 252,552 counted at the 2000 Census, retaining its position as the 15th-most populous county in the state. Its county seat is Mays Landing. The most populous place was Egg Harbor Township, with 43,323 residents at the time of the 2010 Census, while Galloway Township, covered 115.21 square miles, the largest total area of any municipality, though Hamilton Township has the largest land area, covering 111.13 square miles.\nThis county is part of the Atlantic City–Hammonton Metropolitan Statistical Area. as well as the Delaware Valley Combined Statistical Area.
/m/0t6hk	Lawrence is the sixth largest city in the State of Kansas and the county seat of Douglas County. Located in northeastern Kansas, Lawrence is the anchor city of the Lawrence, Kansas, Metropolitan Statistical Area, which encompasses all of Douglas County. It is approximately twenty-five miles east of Topeka, and 41 miles west of Kansas City, Missouri, it is situated along the banks of the Kansas and Wakarusa Rivers. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 87,643. Lawrence is a college town and is the home to the University of Kansas and Haskell Indian Nations University.\nLawrence was founded by the New England Emigrant Aid Company and was named for Amos Adams Lawrence who offered financial aid and support for the settlement. Lawrence was central to the Bleeding Kansas era and was the site of the Wakarusa War, the sacking of Lawrence and Quantrill's Raid.\nLawrence had its beginnings as a center of Kansas politics, though its economy soon diversified into many industries including agriculture, manufacturing, and ultimately education, beginning with the founding of the University of Kansas in 1866, and later Haskell Indian Nations University in 1884.
/m/0cx7f	Art rock is a subgenre of rock music that originated in the 1960s with influences from art music. The first usage of the term, according to Merriam-Webster Online Dictionary, was in 1968. Art rock was a form of music which wanted to \"extend the limits of rock & roll\", and opted for a more experimental and conceptual outlook on music. Art rock took influences from several genres, notably classical music, yet also jazz in later compositions.\nDue to its classical influences and experimental nature, art rock has often been used synonymously with progressive rock; nevertheless, there are differences between the genres, with progressive putting a greater emphasis on symphony and melody, whilst the former tends to focus on avant-garde and \"novel sonic structure\". Art rock, as a term, can also be used to refer to either classically driven rock, or a progressive rock-folk fusion, making it an eclectic genre. Common characteristics of art rock include album-oriented music divided into compositions rather than songs, with usually complicated and long instrumental sections, symphonic orchestration, and an experimental style. Art rock music was traditionally used within the context of concept records, and its lyrical themes tended to be \"imaginative\", philosophical, and politically oriented.
/m/0789_m	The Tony Award for Best Performance by a Leading Actor in a Play is an honor presented at the Tony Awards, a ceremony established in 1947 as the Antoinette Perry Awards for Excellence in Theatre, to actors for quality leading roles in a Broadway play. The awards are named after Antoinette Perry, an American actress who died in 1946. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the Tony Award Productions, a joint venture of The Broadway League and the American Theatre Wing, to \"honor the best performances and stage productions of the previous year.\" Despite the award first being presented in 1947, there were no nominees announced until 1956.
/m/05zlld0	Transformers is a 2007 American science fiction action film based on the Transformers toy line. The film, which combines computer animation with live-action, is directed by Michael Bay, with Steven Spielberg serving as executive producer. It is the first installment of the live-action Transformers film series. It stars Shia LaBeouf as Sam Witwicky, a teenager who gets caught up in a war between the heroic Autobots and the evil Decepticons, two factions of alien robots who can disguise themselves by transforming into everyday machinery. The Autobots intend to use the AllSpark, the object that created their robotic race, in an attempt to rebuild Cybertron and end the war while the Decepticons desire control of the AllSpark with the intention of using it to build an army by giving life to the machines of Earth. Tyrese Gibson, Josh Duhamel, Anthony Anderson, Megan Fox, Rachael Taylor, John Turturro and Jon Voight also star, while voice actors Peter Cullen and Hugo Weaving voice Optimus Prime and Megatron respectively.\nThe film was produced by Don Murphy and Tom DeSanto. They developed the project in 2003, and DeSanto wrote a treatment. Steven Spielberg came on board the following year, hiring Roberto Orci and Alex Kurtzman to write the screenplay. The U.S. military and General Motors loaned vehicles and aircraft during filming, which saved money for the production and added realism to the battle scenes.
/m/01d1st	Nicholas Scott \"Nick\" Cannon is an American actor, comedian, rapper, and radio/television personality. On television, Cannon began as a teenager on All That before going on to host The Nick Cannon Show, Wild 'N Out, and America's Got Talent. He acted in the films Drumline, Love Don't Cost a Thing, and Roll Bounce. As a rapper, he released his debut self-titled album in 2003 with the hit single \"Gigolo\", a collaboration with singer R. Kelly. In 2006, Cannon recorded singles \"Dime Piece\" and \"My Wife\" for a planned album Stages, which was never released. Cannon married American R&B/pop singer Mariah Carey on April 30, 2008.
/m/088_9g	Frosinone Calcio is an Italian association football club, based in Frosinone, Lazio. The club was founded in 1928 and refounded in 1991, following cancellation by the Italian Football Federation.\nCurrently it plays in Lega Pro Prima Divisione.
/m/05vk_d	Megan Denise Fox is an American actress and model. She began her acting career in 2001, with several minor television and film roles, and played a regular role on the Hope & Faith television show. In 2004, she made her film debut with a role in Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen. In 2007, she co-starred as Mikaela Banes, the love interest of Shia LaBeouf's character, in the blockbuster film, Transformers, which became her breakout role. Fox reprised her role in the 2009 sequel, Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen. Later in 2009, she starred as the eponymous lead in the film Jennifer's Body. Fox is also considered one of the modern female sex symbols and has appeared in magazines such as Maxim, Rolling Stone and FHM.
/m/07ffjc	Melodic hardcore is a subgenre of hardcore punk with a strong emphasis on melody in its guitar work. It is defined by the fast drum patterns and shouting vocals typical of hardcore, along with chiming melodic riffs. Many of the pioneering melodic hardcore bands, like All, NOFX, Pennywise, Descendents, The Dickies and Strung Out, had styles that have been borrowed by bands across the modern punk and hardcore spectrum, encompassing pop punk and pop-influenced hardcore.
/m/01p6xx	Joel T. Schumacher is an American film director, screenwriter, and producer.\nSome notable films he has directed include The Incredible Shrinking Woman, St. Elmo's Fire, The Lost Boys, Cousins, The Client, Batman Forever, A Time to Kill, Batman & Robin, Flawless, Phone Booth, Veronica Guerin and The Number 23. Before he launched his career as a director, Schumacher also wrote the screenplay adaptation of The Wiz.
/m/08b26_	Sonic the Hedgehog is a video game franchise created by Yuji Naka, and is developed and owned by Sega. The franchise centers on a series of speed-based platform games, but several are spin-offs in different genres. The protagonist of the series is an anthropomorphic blue hedgehog named Sonic the Hedgehog, whose peaceful life is often interrupted by the series's main antagonist, Doctor Eggman. Sonic usually must stop Eggman and foil any plans of world domination. The first game in the series, published in 1991, was conceived by Sega's Sonic Team division after Sega requested a mascot character; the title was a success and spawned sequels, and transformed Sega into a leading video game company during the 16-bit era in the early to mid-1990s.\nSonic Team has since developed many titles in the franchise. Prominent members of its initial staff included Naka, designer Naoto Ohshima and game planner Hirokazu Yasuhara. Other developers of Sonic games have included the American Sega Technical Institute, Japanese Dimps, American Backbone Entertainment, Canadian BioWare, British Sumo Digital and British Traveller's Tales. While the first games in the series were platform games, the series has expanded into other genres such as action-adventure, fighting, racing, role-playing, and sports.
/m/02sj1x	Alfred Newman was a film score composer, music arranger and conductor.
/m/0fzm0g	A Midsummer Night's Dream is a 1999 romantic comedy film based on the play of the same name by William Shakespeare. It was directed by Michael Hoffman. The ensemble cast features Kevin Kline as Bottom, Michelle Pfeiffer and Rupert Everett as Titania and Oberon, Stanley Tucci as Puck, and Calista Flockhart, Anna Friel, Christian Bale, and Dominic West as the four lovers.
/m/01nd9f	Riot grrrl is an underground feminist punk rock movement that originally started in the early to mid-1990s, in Washington, D.C., and the greater Pacific Northwest, especially Olympia, Washington and Portland, Oregon. It is often associated with third-wave feminism, which is sometimes seen as its starting point.\nRiot grrrl bands often address issues such as rape, domestic abuse, sexuality, racism, patriarchy, and female empowerment. Bands associated with the movement include Bikini Kill, Jack Off Jill, Bratmobile, Adickdid, Bangs, The Butchies, Calamity Jane, Dickless, Emily's Sassy Lime, Excuse 17, Fifth Column, The Frumpies, Heavens to Betsy, Huggy Bear, Sleater-Kinney, L7, and also queercore like Team Dresch. In addition to a music scene and genre, riot grrrl is a subculture involving a DIY ethic, zines, art, political action, and activism are part of the movement. Riot grrrls are known to hold meetings, start chapters, and support and organize women in music.
/m/023907r	Real estate is a legal term that encompasses land along with anything permanently affixed to the land, such as buildings, specifically property that is stationary, or fixed in location. Reference: ''The American Heritage Dictionary of the English Language, Fourth Edition.'' Houghton Mifflin Company, 2004. [http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/en%3Areal%20estate Dictionary.com] Retrieved July 12, 2008.
/m/0d7wh	British people, also referred to as Britons or archaically as Britishers, are nationals or natives of the United Kingdom, British Overseas Territories, Crown Dependencies; and their descendants. British nationality law governs modern British citizenship and nationality, which can be acquired, for instance, by descent from British nationals. When used in a historical context, British people refers to the ancient Britons, the indigenous inhabitants of Great Britain south of the Forth.\nAlthough early assertions of being British date from the Late Middle Ages, the creation of the united Kingdom of Great Britain in 1707 triggered a sense of British national identity. The notion of Britishness was forged during the Napoleonic Wars between Britain and the First French Empire, and developed further during the Victorian era. The complex history of the formation of the United Kingdom created a \"particular sense of nationhood and belonging\" in Great Britain; Britishness became \"superimposed on much older identities\", of English, Scots and Welsh cultures, whose distinctiveness still resist notions of a homogenised British identity. Because of longstanding ethno-sectarian divisions, British identity in Northern Ireland is controversial, but it is held with strong conviction by unionists.
/m/02k1b	Ecuador, officially the Republic of Ecuador is a representative democratic republic in northwestern South America, bordered by Colombia on the north, Peru on the east and south, and the Pacific Ocean to the west. Ecuador also includes the Galápagos Islands in the Pacific, about 1,000 kilometres west of the mainland.\nThe main spoken language in Ecuador is Spanish. Languages of official use in native communities include Quichua, Shuar, and eleven other languages. Ecuador has a land area of 283,520 km². Its capital city is Quito, which was declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in the 1970s for having the best preserved and least altered historic center in Latin America. The country's largest city is Guayaquil. The historic center of Cuenca, the third-largest city in the country in size and economically, was also declared a World Heritage Site in 1999 as an outstanding example of a planned, inland Spanish-style colonial city in the Americas.\nEcuador is home to a great variety of species, many of them endemic, such as those of the Galápagos Islands. This species diversity makes Ecuador one of the seventeen megadiverse countries in the world, it is considered the most biodiverse country in the world per unit area. The new constitution of 2008 is the first in the world to recognize legally enforceable Rights of Nature, or ecosystem rights.
/m/022_6	Cheshire is a ceremonial county in the North West of England, United Kingdom. The western edge of the county forms part of England's border with Wales. Cheshire's county town is the city of Chester, although the largest town is Warrington, which historically was in Lancashire. Other major towns include Widnes, Congleton, Crewe, Ellesmere Port, Runcorn, Macclesfield, Winsford, Northwich, and Wilmslow. Historically the county contained the Wirral, Stockport, Altrincham and other towns. The county is bordered by Merseyside and Greater Manchester to the north, Derbyshire to the east, Staffordshire and Shropshire to the south, and Flintshire and Wrexham in Wales to the west. The county is also a part of the Welsh Marches.\nCheshire's area is 2,343 square kilometres and its population is around 1 million. Apart from the large towns along the River Mersey and the historic city of Chester, it is mostly rural, with a number of small towns and villages that support an agricultural industry. It is historically famous as a former principality and for the production of Cheshire cheese, salt, bulk chemicals, and woven silk.
/m/02x17s4	The Satellite Award for Best Adapted Screenplay is an annual award given by the International Press Academy.
/m/0d3f83	Hameur Bouazza is a professional footballer who plays for ES Sétif in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1. He usually plays as a left winger, but can also play on the right.\nHe has spent most of his football career in England, apart from brief spells in Turkey, Cyprus and Spain. Although born in France, he plays for Algeria as it is the birthplace of both his parents, who emigrated to France from Algeria.
/m/03b_fm5	Role Models is a 2008 American comedy film directed by David Wain about two energy drink salesmen who are ordered to perform 150 hours of community service as punishment for various offenses. For their service, the two men work at a program designed to pair kids with adult role models. The film stars Seann William Scott, Paul Rudd, Christopher Mintz-Plasse, Bobb'e J. Thompson, Jane Lynch, and Elizabeth Banks.
/m/03mh_tp	Management is a 2009 American romantic comedy-drama directed by Stephen Belber and starring Jennifer Aniston and Steve Zahn. It premiered at the 2008 Toronto International Film Festival and received a limited theatrical release on May 15, 2009.
/m/0kjgl	Michael Kirk Douglas is an American actor and producer, primarily in movies and television. He has won four Golden Globes, including the Cecil B. DeMille Award, two Academy Awards—as producer of 1975's Best Picture, One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest and as Best Actor in 1987 for his role as Gordon Gekko in Wall Street, and an Emmy Award in 2013 for his portrayal of Liberace in the HBO film Behind the Candelabra. Other performances include The Game, Wonder Boys, Traffic and Falling Down. Douglas received the AFI Life Achievement Award in 2009. He is the eldest of actor Kirk Douglas' four sons.
/m/026fn29	The National Book Award for Poetry is one of four annual National Book Awards, which are given by the National Book Foundation to recognize outstanding literary work by US citizens. They are awards \"by writers to writers\". The panelists are five \"writers who are known to be doing great work in their genre or field\".\nThe category Poetry was established in 1950 and has been annual except for no award 1985 to 1990.\nThe award recognizes one book written by a US citizen and published in the US from December 1 to November 30. The National Book Foundation accepts nominations from publishers until June 15, requires mailing nominated books to the panelists by August 1, and announces five finalists in October. The winner is announced on the day of the final ceremony in November. The award is $10,000 and a bronze sculpture; other finalists get $1000, a medal, and a citation written by the panel.\nThere were 148 nominations for the 2010 award.
/m/0kv4k	Inyo County is a county on the east side of the Sierra Nevada and southeast of Yosemite National Park in the eastern-central part of the U.S. state of California. Inyo County includes the Owens River Valley; it is flanked to the west by the Sierra Mountains and to the east by the White Mountains and the Inyo Mountains.\nMount Whitney, the highest peak in the Continental United States, is on Inyo County's western border. The Badwater Basin in Death Valley National Park, the lowest place in North America, is in eastern Inyo County. The two points are not visible from each other, but both can be observed from the Panamint Range on the west side of Death Valley, above the Panamint Valley.\nThe county seat is Independence. In 2010, Inyo County had a population of 18,546.
/m/03gvt	The Hammond organ is an electric organ invented by Laurens Hammond and John M Hanert and first manufactured in 1935. Various models have been produced, most of which use sliding drawbars to create a variety of sounds. Until 1975, Hammond organs generated sound by creating an electric current from rotating a metal tonewheel near an electromagnetic pickup. Around two million Hammond organs have been manufactured, and it has been described as one of the most successful organs. The organ is commonly used with, and associated with, the Leslie speaker.\nThe organ was originally marketed and sold by the Hammond Organ Company to churches as a lower-cost alternative to the wind-driven pipe organ, or instead of a piano. It quickly became popular with professional jazz musicians, who found it a cheaper alternative to the big band. Jimmy Smith's use of the Hammond B-3, with its additional harmonic percussion feature, inspired a generation of organ players, and its use became more widespread in the 1960s and 1970s in rhythm and blues, rock and reggae, as well as being an important instrument in progressive rock.\nThe Hammond Organ Company struggled financially during the 1970s as they abandoned tonewheel organs and switched to manufacturing instruments using integrated circuits. These instruments were not as popular with notable musicians and groups as the tonewheels had been, and the company went out of business in 1985. The Hammond name was purchased by the Suzuki Musical Instrument Corporation, which proceeded to manufacture digital simulations of the most popular tonewheel organs. This culminated in the production of the \"New B-3\" in 2002, which provided an accurate recreation of the original B-3 organ using modern digital technology.
/m/0fnmz	The California State University is a public university system in California. Composed of 23 campuses and eight off-campus centers enrolling 437,000 students with 44,000 faculty members and staff, CSU is the largest four-year public university system in the United States. It is one of three public higher education systems in the state, with the other two being the University of California system and the California Community College system. The CSU System is incorporated as The Trustees of the California State University. The California State University system headquarters are at 401 Golden Shore in Long Beach, California.\nThe California State University was created in 1960 under the California Master Plan for Higher Education, and it is a direct descendant of the system of California State Normal Schools. With nearly 100,000 graduates annually, the CSU is the country's greatest producer of bachelor's degrees. The university system collectively sustains more than 150,000 jobs within the state, and its related expenditures reach more than $17 billion annually.\nIn the 2011-12 academic year, CSU awarded 52 percent of newly issued California teaching credentials, 47 percent of the state's engineering degrees, 28 percent of the state's information technology bachelor's degrees, and it had more graduates in business, agriculture, communication studies, health, education, and public administration than all other universities and colleges in California combined. Altogether, about half of the bachelor's degrees, one-third of the master's degrees, and nearly two percent of the doctoral degrees awarded annually in California are from the CSU.
/m/0c66m	Bari is the capital city of the province of Bari and of the Apulia region, on the Adriatic Sea, in Italy. It is the second most important economic centre of mainland Southern Italy after Naples, and is well known as a port and university city, as well as the city of Saint Nicholas. The city itself has a population of about 320,475, as of 2011, over 116 km², while the fast-growing urban area counts 653,028 inhabitants over 203 km². The metropolitan area counts 1 million inhabitants.\nBari is made up of four different urban sections. To the north is the closely built old town on the peninsula between two modern harbours, with the Basilica of Saint Nicholas, the Cathedral of San Sabino and the Swabian Castle built for Frederick II, which is now also a major nightlife district. To the south is the Murat quarter, the modern heart of the city, which is laid out on a rectangular grid-plan with a promenade on the sea and the major shopping district.\nModern residential zones surround the centre of Bari, the result of chaotic development during the 1960s and 1970s replacing the old suburbs that had developed along roads splaying outwards from gates in the city walls. In addition, the outer suburbs have developed rapidly during the 1990s. The city has a redeveloped airport named after Pope John Paul II, Karol Wojtyła Airport, with connections to several European cities.
/m/01qzt1	Classic rock is a radio format which developed from the album-oriented rock format in the early 1980s. In the United States, the classic rock format features music ranging generally from the late 1960s to the late 1980s, primarily focusing on commercially-successful hard rock, blues rock, and arena rock popularized in the 1970s. Although the format appeals mainly to adults, many classic rock acts consistently attract new generations of fans. Some classic rock stations also play a limited number of current releases which are stylistically consistent with the station's sound, or from established classic rock artists who still produce new albums.
/m/0gf28	A parody, in current use, is an imitative work created to mock, comment on or trivialize an original work, its subject, author, style, or some other target, by means of satiric or ironic imitation. As the literary theorist Linda Hutcheon puts it, \"parody … is imitation, not always at the expense of the parodied text.\" Another critic, Simon Dentith, defines parody as \"any cultural practice which provides a relatively polemical allusive imitation of another cultural production or practice.\" Parody may be found in art or culture, including literature, music, animation, gaming and film.\nThe writer and critic John Gross observes in his Oxford Book of Parodies, that parody seems to flourish on territory somewhere between pastiche and burlesque. Historically, when a formula grows tired, like in the case of moralistic melodramas in the 1910s, it retains value only as a parody, as in the case of Buster Keaton shorts that mocked it.
/m/021yc7p	Michael Minkler is a Motion Picture Sound Re-Recording Mixer. His Oscars are for the work done on Dreamgirls, Chicago and Black Hawk Down, but Minkler has a varied career that includes films like Inglourious Basterds, JFK and Star Wars, as well television programs like The Pacific and John Adams. Minkler works at Todd-AO Hollywood.
/m/011zwl	Field Marshal Douglas Haig, 1st Earl Haig of Bemersyde, KT GCB OM GCVO KCIE ADC was a British senior officer during World War I. He commanded the British Expeditionary Force from 1915 to the end of the war. He was commander during the Battle of the Somme, the battle with one of the highest casualties in British military history, the Third Battle of Ypres, and the Hundred Days Offensive, which led to the armistice in 1918.\nAlthough a popular commander during the immediate post-war years, with his funeral becoming a day of national mourning, Haig has since the 1960s become an object of criticism for his leadership during the First World War. Some called him \"Butcher Haig\" for the two million British casualties under his command, and regard him as representing the very concept of class-based incompetent commanders, stating that he was unable to grasp modern tactics and technologies.\nHowever, Major-General Sir John Davidson, one of Haig's biographers, praised Haig's leadership and since the 1980s some historians have argued that the public hatred in which Haig's name had come to be held failed to recognise the adoption of new tactics and technologies by forces under his command, or the important role played by the British forces in the Allied victory of 1918, and that the high casualties suffered were a function of the tactical and strategic realities of the time.
/m/027n4zv	Richard Olen Sommer II is an American actor best known for his portrayal of Harry Crane on the AMC series Mad Men.
/m/05z43v	The Gathering Storm is a BBC–HBO co-produced television biographical film about Winston Churchill in the years just prior to World War II. The title of the film is that of the first volume of Churchill's largely autobiographical six-volume history of the war, which covered the period from 1919 to 3 September 1939, the day he became First Lord of the Admiralty\nThe film stars Albert Finney as Churchill and Vanessa Redgrave as his wife Clementine Churchill; Finney gained many accolades for his performance, winning both a BAFTA Award for Best Actor and an Emmy for Outstanding Lead Actor. The film also features a supporting cast of British actors such as Derek Jacobi, Ronnie Barker, Jim Broadbent, Tom Wilkinson, Celia Imrie, Linus Roache and Hugh Bonneville, and is notable for an early appearance by a young Tom Hiddleston. Simon Williams and Edward Hardwicke both make brief appearances amongst the supporting cast.\nThe film was directed by Richard Loncraine and written by Hugh Whitemore. Larry Ramin and Whitemore won the Emmy for Outstanding Writing. Among the film's executive producers were Ridley Scott and Tony Scott.\nA sequel, Into the Storm, was released in 2009. Churchill is portrayed by Brendan Gleeson in this film, which focuses on the prime minister's days in office during the Second World War.
/m/02zl4d	Richard Roxburgh is an Australian actor, who has starred in many Australian films and television series and has appeared in supporting roles in a number of Hollywood productions, usually as villains.
/m/04xn2m	William \"Bill\" Condon is an American screenwriter and director. Condon is best known for directing and writing the critically acclaimed films Gods and Monsters, Chicago, Kinsey, Dreamgirls and the two final installments of the Twilight series, The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn – Part 1 and The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn – Part 2. In 1998, Condon debuted as a screenwriter with Gods and Monsters, which won him his first Academy Award. He was also nominated for writing Chicago in 2003. In 2006, Condon won a Golden Globe for his film Dreamgirls, which he also wrote. In 2013, however, he also won the Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Director for his work on The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn – Part 2. Condon's films have usually been commercial successes.
/m/01s7zw	William \"Bill\" Paxton is an American actor and film director. He gained popularity after starring roles in the films Apollo 13, Weird Science, Twister, Aliens, True Lies, and Titanic. Paxton starred in the HBO series Big Love and was nominated for an Emmy Award for the miniseries Hatfields & McCoys.
/m/01vzz1c	Sir Cliff Richard OBE is a British pop singer, musician, performer, actor and philanthropist. He is the third-top-selling singles artist in the United Kingdom's history, with total sales of over 21 million units in the UK and has reportedly sold an estimated 250 million records worldwide.\nWith his backing group the Shadows, Richard, originally positioned as a rebellious rock and roll singer in the style of Little Richard and Elvis Presley, dominated the British popular music scene in the pre-Beatles period of the late 1950s and early 1960s. His 1958 hit single \"Move It\" is often described as Britain's first authentic rock and roll song, and John Lennon once claimed that \"before Cliff and the Shadows, there had been nothing worth listening to in British music.\" Increased focus on his Christian faith and subsequent softening of his music later led to a more middle of the road pop image, sometimes venturing into contemporary Christian music.\nOver a career spanning more than 50 years, Richard has become a fixture of the British entertainment world, amassing many gold and platinum discs and awards, including three Brit Awards and two Ivor Novello Awards. He has had more than 130 singles, albums and EPs make the UK Top 20, more than any other artist and holds the record as the only act to make the UK singles charts in all of its first six decades. He has achieved 14 UK No. 1 singles and is the only singer to have had a No. 1 single in the UK in 5 consecutive decades: the 1950s through to the 1990s. In 2008, he celebrated his 50th anniversary in music by releasing a greatest hits album, featuring the new track \"Thank You for a Lifetime\", which reached number 3 in the UK singles chart. In November 2013, Richard released his latest album, The Fabulous Rock 'n' Roll Songbook, which became the 100th album of his career.
/m/092bf5	Buddhism is a nontheistic religion that encompasses a variety of traditions, beliefs and practices largely based on teachings attributed to Siddhartha Gautama, who is commonly known as the Buddha, meaning \"the awakened one\". According to Buddhist tradition, the Buddha lived and taught in the eastern part of the Indian subcontinent sometime between the 6th and 4th centuries BCE. He is recognized by Buddhists as an awakened or enlightened teacher who shared his insights to help sentient beings end their suffering through the elimination of ignorance and craving by way of understanding and the seeing of dependent origination, with the ultimate goal of attainment of the sublime state of nirvana.\nTwo major branches of Buddhism are generally recognized: Theravada and Mahayana. Theravada has a widespread following in Sri Lanka and Southeast Asia. Mahayana is found throughout East Asia and includes the traditions of Pure Land, Zen, Nichiren Buddhism, Tibetan Buddhism, Shingon, and Tiantai. In some classifications, Vajrayana—practiced mainly in Tibet and Mongolia, and adjacent parts of China and Russia—is recognized as a third branch, while others classify it as a part of Mahayana.
/m/0hz6mv2	Marley is a 2012 documentary-biographical film directed by Kevin Macdonald documenting the life of Bob Marley. It was released in theatres on April 20, 2012.
/m/041wm	Gaius Julius Caesar was a Roman general, statesman, Consul, and notable author of Latin prose. He played a critical role in the events that led to the demise of the Roman Republic and the rise of the Roman Empire. In 60 BC, Caesar, Crassus, and Pompey formed a political alliance that was to dominate Roman politics for several years. Their attempts to amass power through populist tactics were opposed by the conservative ruling class within the Roman Senate, among them Cato the Younger with the frequent support of Cicero. Caesar's conquest of Gaul, completed by 51 BC, extended Rome's territory to the English Channel and the Rhine. Caesar became the first Roman general to cross both when he built a bridge across the Rhine and conducted the first invasion of Britain.\nThese achievements granted him unmatched military power and threatened to eclipse the standing of Pompey, who had realigned himself with the Senate after the death of Crassus in 53 BC. With the Gallic Wars concluded, the Senate ordered Caesar to lay down his military command and return to Rome. Caesar refused, and marked his defiance in 49 BC by crossing the Rubicon with a legion, leaving his province and illegally entering Roman territory under arms. Civil war resulted, from which he emerged as the unrivaled leader of Rome.
/m/019bk0	The 45th Annual Grammy Awards were held on February 23, 2003 at Madison Square Garden, New York City. Musicians accomplishments from the previous year were recognized. Norah Jones was the main recipient with five awards, Record of the Year, Album of the Year, Best New Artist, Best Female Pop Vocal Performance and Best Pop Vocal Album.
/m/054nbl	Progressive bluegrass is one of two major subgenres of bluegrass music. It is also known as newgrass, a term attributed to New Grass Revival member Ebo Walker. Musicians and bands John Hartford, New Grass Revival, J.D. Crowe and the New South, The Dillards, Boone Creek, Country Gazette, and the Seldom Scene pioneered innovations in the genre. Some groups began using electric instruments and importing songs from other genres, particularly rock & roll. Progressive bluegrass became popular in the late 1960s and 1970s, but it can be traced back to the banjo and contrabass duets that Earl Scruggs played even in the earliest days of the Foggy Mountain Boys. The four key distinguishing elements of progressive bluegrass are instrumentation, frequently including electric guitars, drums, piano, and more, songs imported or styles imitated from other musical genres like jazz, rock and others, non-traditional chord progressions, lengthy \"jam band\"-style improvisation. However, not all these elements are always present in progressive bluegrass.\nProgressive bluegrass continues to be performed by bands today. Innovative groups include Béla Fleck and the Flecktones, Nickel Creek, Yonder Mountain String Band, Free Grass Union, Trampled By Turtles, Crooked Still, The String Cheese Incident, Punch Brothers, and Railroad Earth. Many older newgrass musicians, along with music festivals such as NedFest, DelFest,Tall Pines Bluegrass and Telluride Bluegrass Festival, have been instrumental in cultivating the continued popularity of progressive bluegrass.
/m/027lf1	Midway Games is an American company that was formerly a major video game publisher and developer. Following a bankruptcy filing in 2009, it is no longer active and is in the process of liquidating all of its assets. Midway's titles included Mortal Kombat, Ms. Pac-Man, Spy Hunter, Tron, Rampage, the Cruis'n series, NFL Blitz and NBA Jam. Midway also acquired the rights to video games that were originally developed by Williams Electronics and Atari Games, such as Defender, Joust, Robotron 2084, Gauntlet and the Rush series.\nThe company's predecessor was founded in 1958 as Midway Manufacturing, an amusement game manufacturer. In 1973 it moved into the interactive entertainment industry, developing and publishing arcade video games. The company scored its first mainstream hit with the U.S. distribution of Space Invaders in 1978. Midway was purchased and re-incorporated in 1988 by WMS Industries Inc. After many years as a leader in the arcade segment, Midway moved into the growing home video game market beginning in 1996, the same year that it made its initial public offering of stock. In 1998, WMS spun off its remaining shares of Midway. Midway was ranked as the fourth largest-selling video game publisher in 2000.
/m/02vnb_	HAL Laboratory, Inc. is a Japanese video game developer that was founded on February 21, 1980. It is headquartered in Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo. HAL was named that way because \"each letter put them one step ahead of IBM\". The company is most famous for its character Kirby, the eponymous protagonist of the series of games, the Mother series, and the Super Smash Bros. series.\nHAL Laboratory started off making games for the MSX system and the Commodore VIC-20.\nIn many of its games during the early to mid-1990s it used the name HALKEN as well as HAL Laboratory. Some of its early titles were also released as HAL America, a North American subsidiary of the company led by Yash Terakura.\nThe current president of Nintendo, Satoru Iwata, was a former president of HAL. Other important figures include Masahiro Sakurai, who created the Kirby character and the Super Smash Bros. franchise, and now leads his own company, Sora Ltd.
/m/04045y	The National Women's Hall of Fame is an American institution created in 1969 by a group of people in Seneca Falls, New York, the location of the 1848 Women's Rights Convention. The mission of the Hall is \"to honor in perpetuity those women, citizens of the United States of America, whose contributions to the arts, athletics, business, education, government, the humanities, philanthropy and science, have been the greatest value for the development of their country.\"\nThe National Women's Hall of Fame inducts distinguished American women through a rigorous national honors selection process involving representatives of the nation's important organizations and areas of expertise. Nominees are selected on the basis of the changes they created that affect the social, economic or cultural aspects of society; the significant national or global impact and results of change due to their achievement; and the enduring value of their achievements or changes.\nThe Hall was hosted by Eisenhower College until 1979, when the organization purchased an historic bank building in the Seneca Falls Historic District and renovated it to house the Hall's permanent exhibit, historical artifacts, and offices. The Hall is located at 76 Fall Street, near the Women's Rights National Park which was established at the site of the 1848 Convention.
/m/02gt5s	The Detroit metropolitan area, often referred to as Metro Detroit, is a major metropolitan area located in Southeast Michigan, constituted of the city of Detroit and its surrounding area. There are several definitions of the area, including the official statistical areas designated by the Office of Management and Budget, a federal agency of the United States. Metro Detroit is known for its automotive heritage, arts, entertainment, popular music, and sports. The area includes a variety of natural landscapes, parks, and beaches, with a recreational coastline linking the Great Lakes.
/m/01vd7hn	Stuart Duncan is an American bluegrass musician who plays the fiddle, mandolin, guitar and banjo.\nDuncan was born in Quantico, Virginia and raised in Santa Paula, California, where he played in the school band. He is married with three children.\nDuncan has been a member of the Nashville Bluegrass Band since 1985. He also works as a session musician and has played with numerous well known performers including George Strait, Dolly Parton, Reba McEntire and Barbra Streisand. In 2006, he toured with the Mark Knopfler–Emmylou Harris Roadrunning tour, and he appears on their All the Roadrunning and Real Live Roadrunning albums. In 2008, he joined Robert Plant and Alison Krauss on the tour for their critically acclaimed album Raising Sand. He appeared on Transatlantic Sessions Series 4 broadcast by the BBC in September/October 2009. In 2011, Duncan collaborated with cellist Yo-Yo Ma, bassist Edgar Meyer, and mandolinist Chris Thile on the album The Goat Rodeo Sessions. In 2013, Duncan accompanied Diana Krall as a sideman on her Glad Rag Doll tour.\nDuncan has received numerous awards. As a member of the Nashville Bluegrass Band, he won the Grammy Award for Best Bluegrass Album in 1994 and 1996. Duncan was named the Academy of Country Music Fiddle Player of the Year for 1996, 1998, 1999, 2001, and 2004, and Specialty Instrument Player of the Year for 2006.
/m/059fjj	Kyra Minturn Sedgwick is an American actress. She is best known for her starring role as Deputy Chief Brenda Leigh Johnson on the TNT crime drama The Closer. Sedgwick's role in the series won her a Golden Globe Award in 2007 and an Emmy Award in 2010. The series ended on August 13, 2012, following the completion of its seventh season.
/m/05v_8y	A betaine in chemistry is any neutral chemical compound with a positively charged cationic functional group such as a quaternary ammonium or phosphonium cation which bears no hydrogen atom and with a negatively charged functional group such as a carboxylate group which may not be adjacent to the cationic site. A betaine thus may be a specific type of zwitterion. Historically the term was reserved for trimethylglycine only. It is used as a medicine as well.\nThe correct pronunciation of the compound reflects its origin and first isolation from sugar beets, and does not derive from the Greek letter beta. However, it is often mispronounced beta-INE or even BEE-tayn.\nIn biological systems, many naturally occurring betaines serve as organic osmolytes, substances synthesized or taken up from the environment by cells for protection against osmotic stress, drought, high salinity or high temperature. Intracellular accumulation of betaines, non-perturbing to enzyme function, protein structure and membrane integrity, permits water retention in cells, thus protecting from the effects of dehydration. It is also a methyl donor of increasingly recognised significance in biology.
/m/031y2	Florence is the capital city of the Italian region of Tuscany and of the province of Florence. It is the most populous city in Tuscany, with approximately 370,000 inhabitants, expanding to over 1.5 million in the metropolitan area.\nFlorence is famous for its history. A centre of medieval European trade and finance and one of the wealthiest cities of the time, Florence is considered the birthplace of the Renaissance, and has been called \"the Athens of the Middle Ages\". A turbulent political history includes periods of rule by the powerful Medici family, and numerous religious and republican revolutions. From 1865 to 1871 the city was also the capital of the recently established Kingdom of Italy.\nThe historic centre of Florence attracts millions of tourists each year, and Euromonitor International ranked the city as the world's 72nd most visited in 2009, with 1,685,000 visitors. It was declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1982. Due to Florence's artistic and architectural heritage, it has been ranked by Forbes as one of the most beautiful cities in the world, and the city is noted for its history, culture, Renaissance art and architecture and monuments. The city also contains numerous museums and art galleries, such as the Uffizi Gallery and the Pitti Palace, amongst others, and still exerts an influence in the fields of art, culture and politics.
/m/02r5dz	Caesars Entertainment Corporation is an American public gaming corporation that owns and operates over 50 casinos and hotels, and seven golf courses under several brands. The company, based in Paradise, Nevada, is the largest gaming company in the world, with annual revenues of $8.9 billion. Caesars is a public company, with a joint venture of Apollo Global Management and Texas Pacific Group owning a large portion of the stock and Blackstone Group also holding a significant stake.\nThe name change from \"Harrah's Entertainment Inc.\" to \"Caesars Entertainment Corporation\" was made official on November 23, 2010. Harrah's remains a key brand in the company. On November 5, 2010, Harrah's announced an initial public offering of 31,250,000 shares but retracted this offering on November 19.
/m/02vpvk	Sport Club do Recife is a Brazilian sports club, located in the city of Recife, state of Pernambuco. It was founded on May 13, 1905, by a Pernambucano who lived for many years in England, called Guilherme de Aquino Fonseca, where he studied at Cambridge University, and returned to Pernambuco bringing a new passion for sport in this country, football.\nThe club has a great heritage, a structure formed by multi-stage equipped training center and garage rowing. The Sports Complex of Ilha do Retiro, with a total area of 14.1 acres (141,000 m²), home headquarters, field and support staff, apart-hotel with 12 apartments for concentration of professionals, catering for concentration of the basic categories, Tribune of honor, press room, locker rooms, water park, park tennis, basketball, handball, hockey, futsal, volleyball, among other sports. The Estádio da Ilha do Retiro, by its structure, location, and obey FIFA standards, is considered the best stadium in the Northeast. The crimson-black also has the CT of the Lion, sports training center for the professional cast, the basic categories and the women's game, and a traditional garage rowing.
/m/084x96	Gregory Scott Ayres is an American voice actor and singer who works for quality vocals for a number of English versions of Japanese anime series at Funimation Entertainment/OkraTron 5000 and ADV Films/Seraphim Digital. He is also the singer for the 4th opening of Dragon Ball Z Kai.
/m/01j8yr	Waukesha is a city in and the county seat of Waukesha County, Wisconsin. The population was 70,718 at the 2010 census, making it the largest community in the county and seventh largest in the state. The city is adjacent to the Town of Waukesha.\nIn 2013 and 2012, Gibson Guitar Corporation designated Waukesha for their nationally acclaimed “GuitarTown” arts project. In 2012, Money magazine ranked Waukesha one of the “100 Best Places to Live,” in the United States. In 2012 and 2011, America’s Promise Alliance ranked Waukesha one of the “100 Best Communities for Young People” in the United States. In 2011, the National Recreation and Park Association granted Waukesha their “Gold Medal Award.” In 2011 the Wisconsin Library Association designated Waukesha’s Public Library as the “Wisconsin Library of the Year.”
/m/04hwbq	Toy Story 3 is a 2010 American 3D computer-animated comedy film, and the third film in the Toy Story series. It was produced by Pixar Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures. Directed by Lee Unkrich, the screenplay was written by Michael Arndt, while Unkrich wrote the story along with John Lasseter and Andrew Stanton, respectively director and co-writer of the first two films. The film was released worldwide from June through October in the Disney Digital 3-D, RealD, and IMAX 3D formats. Toy Story 3 was the first film to be released theatrically with Dolby Surround 7.1 sound.\nThe plot focuses on the toys Woody, Buzz Lightyear, and their friends dealing with an uncertain future as their owner, Andy, prepares to leave for college. Actors Tom Hanks, Tim Allen, Joan Cusack and John Morris, along with few others reprised their voice-over roles from the previous films.\nThe film received widespread critical acclaim earning 99% 'certified fresh' rating at Rotten Tomatoes and a score of 92 at Metacritic. The feature broke Shrek the Third's record as the biggest opening day North American gross for an animated film unadjusted for inflation, and had a big opening weekend with an unadjusted gross of $110,307,189. It is also the highest-grossing opening weekend for a Pixar film, and was previously the highest-grossing opening weekend for a film to have opened in the month of June. This is the highest-grossing film of 2010, both in the United States and Canada, and worldwide. In early August, it became Pixar's highest-grossing film at the North American and worldwide box offices, and the highest-grossing animated film of all time worldwide. Later that month, Toy Story 3 became the only animated film in history to make over $1 billion worldwide. It is currently the 11th-highest-grossing film of all time.
/m/02yqnh	The National Basketball Association's Rookie of the Year Award is an annual National Basketball Association award given to the top rookie of the regular season. Initiated following the 1952–53 NBA season, it confers the Eddie Gottlieb Trophy, named after the Philadelphia Warriors head coach who led his team to the 1946–47 NBA Championship.\nThe winner is selected by a panel of US and Canadian sportswriters, each casting first, second, and third place votes. The player with the highest point total, regardless of the number of first-place votes, wins the award.\nThe most recent Rookie of the Year winner is Damian Lillard. Nineteen winners were drafted first overall. Fourteen also won the NBA Most Valuable Player award, Wilt Chamberlain and Wes Unseld earning both honors the same season. Nineteen of the forty two non-active winners have been elected to the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame. Three seasons had joint winners—Dave Cowens and Geoff Petrie in the 1970–71 season, Grant Hill and Jason Kidd in the 1994–95 season, and Elton Brand and Steve Francis in the 1999–00 season. Four players won the award unanimously —Ralph Sampson, David Robinson, Blake Griffin and Damian Lillard.
/m/03k50	Hindi, or more precisely Modern Standard Hindi, is a standardised and Sanskritised register of the Hindustani language. Hindustani is the native language of people living in Delhi, Haryana, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Jharkhand, Madhya Pradesh and parts of Rajasthan. Hindi is one of the official languages of India.
/m/03vw9m	Modern rock is a rock format commonly found on commercial radio; the format consists primarily of the alternative rock genre. Generally beginning with late 1970s punk but referring especially to alternative rock music since the 1980s, the phrase \"modern rock\" is used to differentiate the music from classic rock, which focuses on music recorded in the 1960s through the early 1980s.\nA few modern rock radio stations existed during the 1980s, such as KROQ-FM in Los Angeles, 91X in San Diego, WHTG FM 106.3 on the Jersey Shore, WLIR on Long Island and WFNX in Boston. Modern rock was solidified as a radio format in 1988 with Billboard's creation of the Modern Rock Tracks chart. The chart was based on weighted reports from college radio stations and commercial stations such as those listed above. The 1988 episode of the VH1 show I Love the '80s discussed INXS, The Cure, Morrissey, Depeche Mode, and Erasure as modern rock artists representative of that year. But it was the breakthrough success of the grunge band Nirvana in 1991 that resulted in a large number of American radio stations switching to the format. Modern rock is considered by some to be a specific genre of alternative rock.
/m/01s7z0	Vincent Kennedy \"Vince\" McMahon is an American professional wrestling promoter, announcer, commentator, film producer, actor and occasional professional wrestler. McMahon is the Chairman and CEO of Stamford, Connecticut-based professional wrestling promotion World Wrestling Entertainment. Upon acquiring World Championship Wrestling and Extreme Championship Wrestling, McMahon's WWE became the sole remaining major American professional wrestling promotion.\nMcMahon plays a character known by the ring name Mr. McMahon, based on his real life persona. He is a two-time world champion, having won the WWF Championship and ECW World Championship. He was also the winner of the 1999 Royal Rumble.\nMcMahon is married to Linda McMahon, with whom he ran WWE from its establishment in 1980 until she resigned as the CEO in September 2009.
/m/01fv4z	Kagoshima Prefecture is a prefecture of Japan located on the island of Kyushu. The capital is the city of Kagoshima.
/m/0159r9	Gonville and Caius College, often referred to simply as \"Caius\", is a constituent college of the University of Cambridge in Cambridge, England. The college is the fourth-oldest college at the University of Cambridge and one of the wealthiest. The college has been attended by many students who have gone on to significant accomplishment, including thirteen Nobel Prize winners, the second-most of any Oxbridge college.\nThe college has long historical associations with medical teaching, especially due to its alumni physicians: John Caius and William Harvey. Other famous alumni in the sciences include Francis Crick, Sir James Chadwick and Sir Howard Florey. Stephen Hawking, previously Cambridge's Lucasian Chair of Mathematics Emeritus, is a current fellow of the college. The college also maintains world-class academic programmes in many other disciplines, including economics, English literature and history.\nGonville and Caius is said to own or have rights to much of the land in Cambridge. Several streets in the city, such as Harvey Road, Glisson Road and Gresham Road, are named after alumni of the College.
/m/0gwlfnb	G.I. Joe 2: Cobra Strikes is a 2012 action adventure sci-fi film written by Rhett Reese and Paul Wernick and directed by Jon M. Chu.
/m/05gz5	A national park is a park in use for conservation purposes. Often it is a reserve of natural, semi-natural, or developed land that a sovereign state declares or owns. Although individual nations designate their own national parks differently, there is a common idea: the conservation of wild nature for posterity and as a symbol of national pride. Furthermore, an international organization, the International Union for Conservation of Nature, and its World Commission on Protected Areas, has defined \"National Park\" as its Category II type of protected areas. While ideas for this type of national park had been suggested previously, the United States established the first such one, Yellowstone National Park, in 1872. The largest national park in the world meeting the IUCN definition is the Northeast Greenland National Park, which was established in 1974. According to the IUCN, there were 6,555 national parks worldwide in 2006 that meet its criteria. IUCN is still discussing the parameters of defining a national park.\nNational parks are almost always open to visitors. Most national parks provide outdoor recreation and camping opportunities as well as classes designed to educate the public on the importance of conservation and the natural wonders of the land in which the national park is located.
/m/0n1s0	Wag the Dog is a 1997 black comedy film produced and directed by Barry Levinson. The screenplay by Hilary Henkin and David Mamet was loosely adapted from Larry Beinhart's novel American Hero. The film stars Dustin Hoffman and Robert De Niro, with Anne Heche, Denis Leary, and William H. Macy in supporting roles.\nJust days before a presidential election, a Washington, D.C. spin doctor distracts the electorate from a sex scandal by hiring a Hollywood film producer to construct a fake war with Albania.\nThe film was released just prior to the Lewinsky scandal and the subsequent bombing of the Al-Shifa pharmaceutical factory in Sudan by the Clinton Administration.
/m/01vxqyl	Robert Matthew Van Winkle, better known by his stage name, Vanilla Ice, is an American rapper, actor and television host. Born in South Dallas, and raised in Texas and South Florida, Ice released his debut album, Hooked, in 1989 on Ichiban Records, before signing a contract with SBK Records, a record label of the EMI Group which released a reformatted version of the album under the title To the Extreme. Ice's single \"Ice Ice Baby\" was the first hip hop single to top the Billboard charts.\nAlthough Vanilla Ice was successful, he later regretted his business arrangements with SBK, which had paid him to adopt a more commercial appearance to appeal to a mass audience and published fabricated biographical information without his knowledge. After surviving a suicide attempt, Ice was inspired to change his musical style and lifestyle. While his later, less mainstream albums failed to chart or receive much radio airplay, Ice has had a loyal underground following. In 2009, Ice began hosting The Vanilla Ice Project on DIY Network. His latest album WTF – Wisdom, Tenacity & Focus was released in August 2011. Ice is currently signed to Psychopathic Records.
/m/02g8mp	The Grammy Award for Best Engineered Album, Non-Classical has been awarded since 1959. The award had several minor name changes:\nIn 1959 the award was known as Best Engineered Record - Non-Classical\nIn 1960 it was awarded as Best Engineering Contribution - Other Than Classical or Novelty\nFrom 1961 to 1962 it was awarded as Best Engineering Contribution - Popular Recording\nIn 1963 it was awarded as Best Engineering Contribution - Other Than Novelty and Other Than Classical\nIn 1964 it was awarded as Best Engineered Recording - Other Than Classical\nFrom 1965 to 1991 it returned to the title Best Engineered Recording - Non-Classical\nSince 1992 it has been awarded as Best Engineered Album, Non-Classical\nThis award is presented alongside the Grammy Award for Best Engineered Album, Classical. From 1960 to 1965 a further award was presented for Best Engineered Recording - Special or Novel Effects.\nYears reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were presented, for works released in the previous year. The award is presented to the engineer on the winning work, not to the artist or performer, except if the artist is also a credited engineer.
/m/0403l3g	A role-playing video game is a video game genre where the player controls the actions of a protagonist immersed in a fictional world. Many role-playing video games have origins in pen-and-paper role-playing games and use much of the same terminology, settings and game mechanics. Other major similarities with pen-and-paper games include developed story-telling and narrative elements, player character development, complexity, as well as replayability and immersion. The electronic medium removes the necessity for a gamemaster and increases combat resolution speed. RPGs have evolved from simple text-based console-window games into visually rich 3D experiences. A common criteria for whether a game is an \"RPG\" is whether the game has a complex storyline, and whether the character goes through different places, fighting bosses and communicating with both friends and enemies.
/m/0226k3	The Westfield Group is an Australian shopping centre group undertaking ownership, development, design, construction, funds/asset management, property management, leasing, and marketing activities. The multinational company is listed on the Australian Securities Exchange and has interests in and operates one of the world's largest shopping centre portfolios with investment interests in 103 shopping centres across Australia, the United States, the United Kingdom, New Zealand and Brazil, encompassing around 23,000 retail outlets and total assets under management in excess of A$63 billion.\nIn 2010, the Westfield Group split 50% of its Australian and New Zealand assets into the Westfield Retail Trust, trading on the Australian Stock Exchange as ASX: WRT.
/m/02qdgx	Blue-eyed soul is rhythm and blues and soul music performed by white artists. The term was first used in the mid-1960s to describe white artists who performed soul and R&B that was similar to the music of the Motown and Stax record labels. The somewhat controversial term was coined during racial segregation in 1960s America at the time of the music genre's emergence in popular music culture.\nThe term continued to be used in the 1970s and 1980s, particularly by the British music press, to describe a new generation of white singers who adopted elements of classic soul music. To a lesser extent, the term has been applied to singers in other music genres that are influenced by soul music, such as urban music and hip hop soul.
/m/025ndl	The Kingdom of Scotland was a sovereign state in north-west Europe traditionally said to have been founded in 843, which joined with the Kingdom of England to form the united Kingdom of Great Britain in 1707. Its territories expanded and shrank throughout its history, but it eventually came to occupy the northern third of the island of Great Britain, sharing a land border to the south with the Kingdom of England. It was invaded by the English, particularly under Edward III, but under Robert I it fought a successful war of independence and remained a distinct state in the late Middle Ages. In 1603, James VI of Scotland became King of England, joining Scotland with England in a personal union of kingdoms. In 1707, the two kingdoms were united to form the Kingdom of Great Britain under the terms of the Acts of Union. From the final capture of the Royal Burgh of Berwick by the Kingdom of England in 1482 the territory of the Kingdom of Scotland corresponded to that of modern-day Scotland, bounded by the North Sea to the east, the Atlantic Ocean to the north and west, and the North Channel and Irish Sea to the southwest.
/m/016dgz	Anthony Perkins was an American actor. He was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his second film, Friendly Persuasion, but is best known for playing Norman Bates in Alfred Hitchcock's Psycho and its three sequels. His other films include The Trial, Fear Strikes Out, Tall Story, The Matchmaker, Pretty Poison, North Sea Hijack, and The Black Hole.
/m/05c0jwl	A Master is the title of the head of some colleges and other educational institutions. This applies especially at some colleges and institutions at the University of Oxford and the University of Cambridge.
/m/02pqs8l	True Blood is an American television drama series created and produced by Alan Ball. It is based on The Southern Vampire Mysteries series of novels by Charlaine Harris, detailing the co-existence of vampires and humans in Bon Temps, a fictional, small town in northwestern Louisiana. The series centers on the adventures of Sookie Stackhouse, a telepathic waitress with an otherworldly quality.\nThe show is broadcast on the premium cable network HBO in the United States. It is produced by HBO in association with Ball's production company, Your Face Goes Here Entertainment. It premiered on September 7, 2008. The first five seasons of the series received generally favorable reviews and won several awards, including a Golden Globe and an Emmy.\nOn July 15, 2013, HBO announced that True Blood had been renewed for a seventh and final season that will premiere in Summer 2014.
/m/02y_93f	In medicine, a surgeon is a specialist in surgery. Surgery is a broad category of invasive medical treatment that involves the cutting of a body, whether that of a human or other animal, for a specific reason such as the removal of diseased tissue or to repair a tear or breakage. Surgeons may be physicians, dentists, podiatrists or veterinarians.\nIn the U.S., surgeons train for longer than other specialists; only after 9 years of training do they qualify. These years include 4 years of medical school and a minimum of 5 years of residency.
/m/02hn5v	The 75th Academy Awards honored the best films of 2002, were held on March 23, 2003, at the Kodak Theatre in Hollywood, California. It was produced by Gil Cates, directed by Louis J. Horvitz, and hosted for the second time by Steve Martin.\nThe nominees were announced on February 11, 2003, by Academy president Frank Pierson and actress Marisa Tomei, at the Samuel Goldwyn Theater in the Academy's Beverly Hills headquarters.\nChicago led the nominations with thirteen. The film went on to win six Oscars including Best Picture, the first musical to win this category since Oliver! in 1968. It also is as of 2012 the last film to take home Best Picture and Best Supporting actress. Roman Polanski, who was nominated for the fourth time, won the Oscar for Best Director.\nEminem's song \"Lose Yourself\" became the first hip hop song to win an Academy Award.\nAdrien Brody, at age 29, became the youngest ever recipient of the Best Actor Award for his role in The Pianist.\nThe Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers became the first film since Beauty and the Beast to be nominated for Best Picture despite not being nominated for any directing, acting, or writing categories.
/m/01679d	The toy piano, also known as the kinderklavier, is a small piano-like musical instrument. Most modern toy pianos use round metal rods to produce sound, a design first patented by Alice Violet Bennett in 1930.
/m/03k8th	The Bourne Supremacy is a 2004 American-German action and spy film loosely based on Robert Ludlum's novel of the same name. The film was directed by Paul Greengrass from a screenplay by Tony Gilroy. Universal Pictures released the film to theaters in the United States on July 23, 2004. It is the second in the Bourne film series. It is preceded by The Bourne Identity and followed by The Bourne Ultimatum and The Bourne Legacy.\nThe Bourne Supremacy continues the story of Jason Bourne, a former CIA assassin suffering from psychogenic amnesia. Bourne is portrayed by Matt Damon. The film focuses on his attempt to learn more of his past as he is once more enveloped in a conspiracy involving the CIA and Operation Treadstone. The film also stars Brian Cox as Ward Abbott, Joan Allen as Pamela Landy and Julia Stiles as Nicky Parsons.
/m/018wrk	The 1904 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the III Olympiad, was an international multi-sport event which was celebrated in St. Louis, Missouri, in the United States from August 29 until September 3, 1904, as part of an extended sports program lasting from July 1 to November 23, 1904, at what is now known as Francis Field on the campus of Washington University in St. Louis. It was the first time that the Olympic Games were held in a majority English language nation, and the first time that they were held outside of Europe.
/m/0l12d	David Byrne is a Scottish-born musician permanently residing in the United States, a founding member and principal songwriter of the American New Wave band Talking Heads, active between 1975 and 1991.\nSince then, Byrne has released his own solo recordings and worked with various media including film, photography, opera, and non-fiction. He has received Grammy, Oscar, and Golden Globe awards and been inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
/m/030wkp	Kenan Thompson is an American actor, voice actor and comedian. He is best known for his work as a cast member of NBC's Saturday Night Live. In his teenage years, he was an original cast member of Nickelodeon's sketch comedy series All That. Thompson is also known for his roles in the sitcom Kenan & Kel and the films Good Burger and Fat Albert. In his early career he often collaborated with fellow comedian and All That cast member Kel Mitchell. He ranked at #88 on VH1's 100 Greatest Teen Stars.
/m/01j59b0	Skillet is a Christian rock band formed in Memphis, Tennessee in 1996 and based in the United States. The band currently consists of husband and wife John and Korey Cooper, along with Jen Ledger and Seth Morrison. The band has released eight albums, two receiving Grammy nominations: Collide and Comatose. Awake has been certified Platinum and debuted on No. 2 on the Billboard 200, with Comatose certified Gold by RIAA.\nSkillet went through several line-up changes early in their career, leaving founder John Cooper as the only original member remaining in the band. They have sold over 2 million albums in the U.S. alone and are known for a relentless touring schedule, which garnered them a top five ranking in the Hardest Working Bands of 2011 by Songkick.com.
/m/094vf	Medina, is a modern city in the Hejaz region of western Saudi Arabia, and the capital of Al Madinah Province. An alternative name is Madinat Al-Nabi. The Arabic word madinah simply means \"city.\" Before the advent of Islam, the city was known as Yathrib but was personally renamed by Muhammad.\nThe burial place of the Islamic Prophet Muhammad, it is the second holiest city in Islam after Mecca. Medina is critically significant in Islamic History as Muhammad's final religious base after the Hijrah and the location of his death in 632 AD/11 AH. Medina was the power base of Islam in its first century, being where the early Muslim community developed, first under Muhammad's leadership and then under the first four caliphs of Islam: Abu Bakr, Omar, Othman and Ali.\nIn fact, Year 1 of the Islamic calendar is based on the year of the emigration of Muhammad and his original followers from Mecca to the city of Medina in 622 AD/1 AH. The Maliki madhab places emphasis on ulema and scholars originating in Medina.
/m/01hlwv	JPMorgan Chase & Co. is an American multinational banking and financial services holding company. It is the largest bank in the United States, with total assets of US$2.415 trillion. It is a major provider of financial services, and according to Forbes magazine is the world's third largest public company based on a composite ranking. The hedge fund unit of JPMorgan Chase is the second largest hedge fund in the United States. The company was formed in 2000, when Chase Manhattan Corporation merged with J.P. Morgan & Co.\nThe J.P. Morgan brand, historically known as Morgan, is used by the investment banking, J.P. Morgan Asset Management, private banking, private wealth management and treasury & securities services divisions. Fiduciary activity within private banking and private wealth management is done under the aegis of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.—the actual trustee. The Chase brand is used for credit card services in the United States and Canada, the bank's retail banking activities in the United States, and commercial banking. The corporate headquarters are in 270 Park Avenue, Midtown, Manhattan, New York City, New York, U.S.; and the retail and commercial bank is headquartered in Chase Tower, Chicago Loop, Chicago, Illinois, U.S. JPMorgan Chase & Co. is considered to be a universal bank.
/m/086m1	The War of 1812 was a 32-month military conflict between the United States of America and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, its North American colonies and its Indian allies. The outcome resolved many issues which remained from the American War of Independence, but involved no boundary changes. The United States declared war in 1812 for several reasons, including trade restrictions brought about by Britain's continuing war with France, the impressment of American merchant sailors into the Royal Navy, British support of American Indian tribes against American expansion, outrage over insults to national honour after humiliations on the high seas, and possible American interest in annexing British North American territory which had been denied to them in the settlement ending the American Revolutionary War.\nThe war was fought in three principal theatres. Firstly, at sea, warships and privateers of each side attacked the other's merchant ships, while the British blockaded the Atlantic coast of the United States and mounted large-scale raids in the later stages of the war. Secondly, both land and naval battles were fought on the American–Canadian frontier, which ran along the Great Lakes, the Saint Lawrence River and the northern end of Lake Champlain. Thirdly, the American South and Gulf Coast also saw major land battles in which the American forces defeated Britain's Indian allies and a British invasion force at New Orleans. Some invasions or counter strikes were unsuccessful, while others successfully attacked enemy objectives and took possession of opposition territory. At the end of the war both sides signed the Treaty of Ghent, and all parties returned occupied land to its pre-war owner.
/m/01npcy7	Brian Austin Green is an American actor best known for his portrayal of David Silver on the television series, Beverly Hills, 90210, a role he played from 1990 to 2000. Green has also had series regular roles in Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles, Freddie, Wedding Band, and Anger Management, as well as guest starring roles on Smallville and Desperate Housewives, playing the love interest of Bree Van de Kamp. In 2010, Green married actress Megan Fox, with whom he is raising three sons, one from a previous relationship and two with Fox.
/m/0kn68	Abruzzo is a region in central Italy, its western border lying less than 50 miles east of Rome. The region, divided into the provinces of L'Aquila, Teramo, Pescara and the Chieti, borders the region of Marche to the north, Lazio to the west and south-west, Molise to the south-east, and the Adriatic Sea to the east. The region is split into a mountainous area on his western side with the Gran Sasso D'italia, and coastal area on his eastern side with the beaches of the Adriatic sea. Geographically, it is more of a central than southern region, though ISTAT considers it part of Southern Italy, a vestige of Abruzzo's historic association with the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies.\nAbruzzo boasts the title of Greenest Region in Europe thanks to one third of its territory, the largest in Europe, being set aside as National Parks and protected Nature Reserves. In the region there are indeed three National Parks, one Regional Park and 38 protected Nature Reserves. These ensure the survival of 75% of all Europe's living species and are also home to some rare species, such as the small wading dotterel, golden eagle, Abruzzo chamois, Apennine wolf and Marsican brown bear. Abruzzo is also home of Calderone, the southernmost glacier in Europe.
/m/02_tw	Fine Gael is a centre-right political party in the Republic of Ireland. It is the largest party in Ireland in the Oireachtas, in local government, and in terms of Members of the European Parliament. The party has a membership of over 35,000, and is the senior partner governing in a coalition with the Labour Party, with the Fine Gael party leader Enda Kenny serving as Taoiseach. Enda Kenny has led the party since 2002.\nFine Gael was founded on 8 September 1933 following the merger of its parent party Cumann na nGaedheal, the National Centre Party and the National Guard. Its origins lie in the struggle for Irish independence and the pro-Treaty side in the Irish Civil War, identifying in particular Michael Collins as the founder of the movement.\nFine Gael is sometimes considered to be more on the political right in comparison to its main rival, Fianna Fáil. But Fine Gael has rarely governed Ireland without the Labour Party, a social-democratic party on the centre-left of Irish politics, apart from brief minority governments, as in 1987. Fine Gael describes itself as a \"party of the progressive centre\" conforming strongly to the ideals of Christian democracy and compassionate centrism, and is often seen as being moderate on social issues but conservative as regards economics. The party lists its core values as equality of opportunity, fiscal rectitude, free enterprise and reward, individual rights and responsibilities. It is strongly in favour of the European Union and opposed to physical force republicanism. The party's youth wing, Young Fine Gael, was formed in 1977, and has approximately four thousand members. Fine Gael is a founding member of the European People's Party and a member of the Centrist Democrat International.
/m/094vy	Yorkshire is a historic county of Northern England and the largest in the United Kingdom. Due to its great size in comparison to other English counties, functions have been increasingly undertaken over time by its subdivisions, which have also been subject to periodic reform. Throughout these changes, Yorkshire has continued to be recognised as a geographical territory and cultural region. The name is familiar and well understood across the United Kingdom and is in common use in the media and the military, and also features in the titles of current areas of civil administration such as North Yorkshire, South Yorkshire, West Yorkshire and East Riding of Yorkshire.\nWithin the borders of the historic county of Yorkshire are areas which are widely considered to be among the greenest in England, due to the vast stretches of unspoiled countryside in the Yorkshire Dales and North York Moors and to the open aspect of some of the major cities. Yorkshire has sometimes been nicknamed \"God's Own County\". The emblem of Yorkshire is the white rose of the English royal House of York, and the most commonly used flag representative of Yorkshire is the White Rose on a dark blue background, which after years of use, was recognised by the Flag Institute on 29 July 2008. Yorkshire Day, held on 1 August, is a celebration of the general culture of Yorkshire, ranging from its history to its own dialect.
/m/02189	The Communist Party of China is the founding and ruling political party of the People's Republic of China. The CPC is the sole governing party of China, although it coexists alongside 8 other legal parties that make up the United Front. It was founded in 1921, chiefly by Chen Duxiu and Li Dazhao. The party grew quickly, and by 1949 the CPC had defeated Kuomintang in a 10-year civil war, thus leading to the establishment of the People's Republic. With a membership of 82.6 million, it is the largest political party in the world.\nThe CPC is organized on the basis of democratic centralism, a principle conceived by Russian Marxist theoretician Vladimir Lenin which entails democratic and open discussion on policy on the condition of unity in upholding the agreed upon policies. The highest body of the CPC is the National Congress, convened every fifth year. When the National Congress is not in session, the Central Committee is the highest body, but since the body meets normally only once a year, most duties and responsibilities are vested in the Politburo and its Standing Committee. The party's leader holds the offices of General Secretary, Chairman of the Central Military Commission and state president. Through these posts the party leader is the country's paramount leader. The current party leader is Xi Jinping, elected at the 18th National Congress.
/m/0x1y7	Bozeman is a city in and the county seat of Gallatin County, Montana, United States, in the southwestern part of the state. The 2010 census put Bozeman's population at 37,280 and the 2012 census estimate put the population at 38,695 making it the fourth largest city in the state. It is the principal city of the Bozeman, MT Micropolitan Statistical Area, consisting of all of Gallatin County with a population of 92,614. It is the largest Micropolitan Statistical Area in Montana and is the third largest of all of Montana’s statistical areas.\nThe city is named after John M. Bozeman who established the Bozeman Trail and was a key founder of the town in August 1864. The town became incorporated in April 1883 with a city council form of government and later in January 1922 transitioned to its current city manager/city commission form of government. Bozeman was elected an All-America City in 2001 by the National Civic League.\nBozeman is a college town, home to Montana State University. The local newspaper is the Bozeman Daily Chronicle, and the city is served by Bozeman Yellowstone International Airport.
/m/04t53l	Cooking Vinyl is a UK-based independent record company, founded in 1986. Its original orientation was toward contemporary folk music—notably Billy Bragg, and Michelle Shocked's Texas Campfire Tapes, recorded on a Sony Walkman, one of its first releases. Since then the label has grown and diversified into releasing rock, indie, punk, electronica and eclectic records such as Mexican Institute Of Sound. They appointed the7stars as their media planning and buying agency in 2008.
/m/0nv2x	Peoria County is a county located in the U.S. state of Illinois. According to the 2010 census, it had a population of 186,494, which is an increase of 1.7% from 183,433 in 2000. Its county seat is Peoria.\nPeoria County is part of the Peoria, Illinois, Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/06fqlk	Mission: Impossible III is a 2006 American action spy film co-written and directed by J.J. Abrams, his first film as a director, starring Tom Cruise, who also served as a producer, in the role of IMF agent Ethan Hunt. The film was first released on April 26, 2006, at the Tribeca Film Festival, and widely released in the United States on May 5, 2006. The film was a box office success, and it received mostly positive critical reviews. The film is the third installment of the Mission: Impossible film series and was preceded by Mission: Impossible II and followed by Mission: Impossible – Ghost Protocol.
/m/09jwl	A musician is a person who is talented in making music or performing music creatively, or one who composes, conducts, or performs music.\nMusicians can specialize in any musical style, and some musicians play in a variety of different styles. Examples of a musician's possible skills include conducting, singing, composing, arranging, and the orchestration of music.
/m/0cht6	Lucca is a city and comune in Tuscany, Central Italy, situated on the river Serchio in a fertile plain near the Tyrrhenian Sea. It is the capital city of the province of Lucca. It is famous among other things for its intact Renaissance-era city walls.
/m/0hfp	Afroasiatic, also known as Afrasian and traditionally Hamito-Semitic, is a large language family, of several hundred related languages and dialects. There are about 300 or so living languages and dialects, according to the 2009 Ethnologue estimate. It includes languages spoken predominantly in the Middle East, North Africa, the Horn of Africa, and parts of the Sahel. The Afro-Asiatic family is significant to the field of historical linguistics as possessing the longest recorded history of any language family.\nAfro-Asiatic languages are spoken by almost 362 million native speakers, the third largest number of any language family. The most widely spoken Afroasiatic language is Arabic, with about 200 to 230 million native speakers, spoken mostly in the Middle East and parts of North Africa. Berber is spoken in Morocco, Algeria, Libya, Tunisia, northern Mali, and northern Niger by about 25 to 35 million people. Other widely spoken Afroasiatic languages are Hausa, the dominant language of northern Nigeria and southern Niger, spoken as a first language by 25 million people and used as a lingua franca by another 20 million across West Africa and the Sahel; Oromo of Ethiopia and Kenya, with about 33 million speakers total; Amharic of Ethiopia, with over 25 million native speakers, not including the millions of other Ethiopians speaking it as a secondary language; Somali, spoken by 15.5 million people in Greater Somalia; and Modern Hebrew, spoken by about seven million people worldwide.
/m/02pt7h_	Jerry 'Wonder' Duplessis is a Grammy Award winning Haitian-born musical composer and record producer. His first major success was as producer for The Fugees' 1996 album The Score. He also played the bass guitar with The Fugees, and band member Wyclef Jean is his cousin.
/m/06y7d	Stephen Jay Gould was an American paleontologist, evolutionary biologist, and historian of science. He was also one of the most influential and widely read writers of popular science of his generation. Gould spent most of his career teaching at Harvard University and working at the American Museum of Natural History in New York. In the later years of his life, Gould also taught biology and evolution at New York University.\nGould's most significant contribution to evolutionary biology was the theory of punctuated equilibrium, which he developed with Niles Eldredge in 1972. The theory proposes that most evolution is marked by long periods of evolutionary stability, which is punctuated by rare instances of branching evolution. The theory was contrasted against phyletic gradualism, the popular idea that evolutionary change is marked by a pattern of smooth and continuous change in the fossil record.\nMost of Gould's empirical research was based on the land snail genera Poecilozonites and Cerion. He also contributed to evolutionary developmental biology, and has received wide praise for his book Ontogeny and Phylogeny. In evolutionary theory he opposed strict selectionism, sociobiology as applied to humans, and evolutionary psychology. He campaigned against creationism and proposed that science and religion should be considered two distinct fields whose authorities do not overlap.
/m/0frnff	Ferris Webster was an American film editor with approximately seventy-two film credits. He was nominated for Academy Awards for his work on Blackboard Jungle, The Manchurian Candidate, and The Great Escape.\nWebster was raised in the state of Washington, and was a student at the University of Southern California, where he was an outstanding track and field athlete. He was trained as an editor at the MGM Studios, and received his first feature-film credit in 1943 for Harrigan's Kid. At MGM, Webster edited six films with director Vincente Minnelli: Undercurrent, Madame Bovary, Father of the Bride, Father's Little Dividend, The Long, Long Trailer, and Tea and Sympathy. Film critic Bruce Eder has written of Madame Bovay that, \"the cutting of the film in the gala ball sequence, in particular, was a marvel of the editor's art in the service of old Hollywood's restrained, elegant storytelling.\" In the mid-1950s, he edited three films with director Richard Brooks: Blackboard Jungle, Something of Value, and Cat on a Hot Tin Roof; Webster received his first nomination for the Academy Award for Blackboard Jungle. His last film at MGM was Key Witness.
/m/02773m2	John Riggi is an American television writer, producer, director, and actor who has worked on various television shows.\nHe has worked as a writer on the NBC comedy series 30 Rock. He was nominated for the Writers Guild of America Award award for Best Dramatic Series at the February 2009 ceremony for his work on the third season of 30 Rock.
/m/049gc	Kurt Vonnegut, Jr. was an American writer. His works such as Cat's Cradle, Slaughterhouse-Five, and Breakfast of Champions blend satire, gallows humor, and science fiction. As a citizen he was a lifelong supporter of the American Civil Liberties Union and a critical pacifist intellectual. He was known for his humanist beliefs and was honorary president of the American Humanist Association.\nThe New York Times headline at the time of Vonnegut's passing called Vonnegut \"the counterculture's novelist.\"
/m/02jcc	Epistemology is the branch of philosophy concerned with the nature and scope of knowledge and is also referred to as \"theory of knowledge\". It questions what knowledge is and how it can be acquired, and the extent to which knowledge pertinent to any given subject or entity can be acquired.\nMuch of the debate in this field has focused on the philosophical analysis of the nature of knowledge and how it relates to connected notions such as truth, belief, and justification.\nThe term \"epistemology\" was introduced by the Scottish philosopher James Frederick Ferrier.
/m/0jnl5	The Washington Capitals are a professional ice hockey team that plays in Washington, D.C. They are members of the Metropolitan Division of the Eastern Conference of the National Hockey League. Since their founding in 1974, the \"Caps\" have won one conference championship to reach the 1998 Stanley Cup Finals, and captured eight division titles. In 1997, the team moved their home hockey rink from the suburban Capital Centre to the new Verizon Center in Washington, DC. Former AOL executive Ted Leonsis has owned the team since 1999, and has revitalized the franchise by drafting star players such as Alexander Ovechkin, Nicklas Backstrom, Mike Green, and hiring Hall of Fame head coach Adam Oates. The 2009–10 Capitals won the franchise's first-ever Presidents' Trophy, for being the team with the most points at the end of the regular season.
/m/01pq5j7	Amy Jade Winehouse was an English singer-songwriter known for her deep contralto vocals and her eclectic mix of musical genres, including rhythm and blues, soul, jazz and reggae. Winehouse's 2003 debut album, Frank, was a critical success in the UK and was nominated for the Mercury Prize. Her 2006 follow-up album, Back to Black, led to five 2008 Grammy Awards, tying the record at that time for the most wins by a female artist in a single night, and made Winehouse the first British female to win five Grammys, including three of the general field \"Big Four\" awards: Best New Artist, Record of the Year and Song of the Year.\nWinehouse won three Ivor Novello Awards: in 2004, Best Contemporary Song for \"Stronger Than Me\"; in 2007, Best Contemporary Song again, this time for \"Rehab\"; and in 2008, Best Song Musically and Lyrically for \"Love Is a Losing Game\". She won the 2007 Brit Award for Best British Female artist, having also been nominated for Best British Album, with Back to Black.\nAfter years of abusing drugs, then alcohol, Winehouse died of alcohol poisoning on 23 July 2011. Her album Back to Black posthumously became the UK's best-selling album of the 21st century, at that point. In 2012, Winehouse was ranked 26th on VH1's 100 Greatest Women In Music list. The BBC has called her \"the pre-eminent vocal talent of her generation\".
/m/053x8hr	Sherlock is a British television crime drama that presents a contemporary adaptation of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's Sherlock Holmes detective stories. Created by Steven Moffat and Mark Gatiss, it stars Benedict Cumberbatch as Sherlock Holmes and Martin Freeman as Doctor John Watson. Nine episodes have been produced, the first three of which aired in 2010. Series two aired in 2012, and a third series aired in the first quarter of 2014. The third series has become the UK's most watched drama series since 2001. Sherlock has been sold to over 200 territories.\nSherlock depicts \"consulting detective\" Holmes, assisting the Metropolitan Police Service, primarily Detective Inspector Greg Lestrade, in solving various crimes. Holmes is assisted by his flatmate, Dr John Watson, who has returned from military service in Afghanistan. Although the series depicts a variety of crimes and perpetrators, Holmes' conflict with his archnemesis Jim Moriarty is a recurring feature. Molly Hooper, a pathologist at St. Bart's Hospital occasionally assists Holmes in his cases. Other recurring roles include Una Stubbs as Mrs Hudson, Holmes and Watson's landlady; and co-creator Mark Gatiss as Sherlock's brother, Mycroft Holmes. Sue Vertue and Elaine Cameron of Hartswood Films produced the series for the BBC and co-produced it with WGBH Boston for its Masterpiece anthology series on PBS. The series is primarily filmed in Cardiff, Wales. North Gower Street in London is used for exterior shots of Holmes and Watson's 221B Baker Street residence. In January 2014, executive producer Steven Moffat has announced that a fourth series has been commissioned, with scripts being planned.
/m/0382k	In mathematics and computer science, graph theory is the study of graphs, which are mathematical structures used to model pairwise relations between objects. A \"graph\" in this context is made up of \"vertices\" or \"nodes\" and lines called edges that connect them. A graph may be undirected, meaning that there is no distinction between the two vertices associated with each edge, or its edges may be directed from one vertex to another; see graph for more detailed definitions and for other variations in the types of graph that are commonly considered. Graphs are one of the prime objects of study in discrete mathematics.\nRefer to the glossary of graph theory for basic definitions in graph theory.
/m/02stbw	Best in Show is a 2000 American improvisational comedy film written and directed by Christopher Guest. The film follows five entrants in a prestigious dog show and focuses on the slightly surreal interactions among the various owners and handlers as they travel to the show and compete, and after the show. Much of the dialogue was improvised. Many of the actors were also involved in Guest's films including This Is Spinal Tap, Waiting for Guffman, A Mighty Wind, and For Your Consideration.
/m/04h6m	Latin hip hop or Latin rap is hip hop music recorded by artists of Latin American and Iberian origin.
/m/03hkch7	Milk is a 2008 American biographical film based on the life of gay rights activist and politician Harvey Milk, who was the first openly gay person to be elected to public office in California, as a member of the San Francisco Board of Supervisors. Directed by Gus Van Sant and written by Dustin Lance Black, the film stars Sean Penn as Milk and Josh Brolin as Dan White, a city supervisor who assassinated Milk. The film was released to much acclaim and earned numerous accolades from film critics and guilds. Ultimately, it received eight Academy Award nominations, including Best Picture, winning two for Best Actor in a Leading Role for Penn and Best Original Screenplay for Black.\nAttempts to put Milk's life to film followed a 1984 documentary of his life and the aftermath of his assassination, titled The Times of Harvey Milk, which was loosely based upon Randy Shilts's biography, The Mayor of Castro Street. Various scripts were considered in the early 1990s, but projects fell through for different reasons, until 2007. Much of Milk was filmed on Castro Street and other locations in San Francisco, including Milk's former storefront, Castro Camera.
/m/0c_v2	Thai, or more precisely Siamese or Central Thai, is the national and official language of Thailand and the native language of the Thai people and Thai Chinese. Thai is a member of the Tai group of the Tai–Kadai language family. Over half of the words in Thai are borrowed from Pali, Sanskrit and Old Khmer. It is a tonal and analytic language. Thai also has a complex orthography and relational markers. Thai is mutually intelligible with Lao.
/m/06f41	Rowing is a sport in which athletes race against each other in shells, on rivers, lakes or the ocean, depending upon the type of race and the discipline. The boats are propelled by the reaction forces on the oar blades, as they are pushed against the water. The sport can be both recreational, focusing on learning the techniques required, and competitive where physical size and overall fitness plays a large role. It is also one of the oldest Olympic sports. In the United States, high school and college rowing is often referred to as crew.
/m/02r2qt7	The Minnesota Golden Gophers men's basketball team represents the University of Minnesota Twin Cities campus. The Golden Gophers have played in the Big Ten since the conference began sponsoring basketball in 1905 and plays its home games in Williams Arena.\nThe Gophers had great success in the early years of basketball, but have been largely overshadowed by other programs since the end of World War I. In total, the Gophers have won nine Big Ten championships, but only four since 1919. College basketball research organizations have retroactively awarded Minnesota national championships in 1902, 1903, and 1919.\nThe team has also had several instances of NCAA sanctions on the program that have affected performance and recruiting. In the 1970s, the Gophers were in a violent brawl with the Ohio State Buckeyes and were barred from post-season appearances for two seasons after an incident involving the illegal resale of tickets. Still more severe was the mid-1990s academic scandal under then-coach Clem Haskins that resulted in the forfeiture of a Final Four appearance.
/m/0266shh	Real Racing Club de Santander, S.A.D. is a Spanish football club based in Santander, in the autonomous community of Cantabria. Founded in 1913 it plays in Segunda División B – Group 1, holding home games at Estadio El Sardinero, with a capacity for 22,222 spectators.
/m/03z509	Amanda Michael Plummer is an actress best known for her work on stage and for her roles in films such as The Fisher King, So I Married an Axe Murderer, Pulp Fiction and The Hunger Games: Catching Fire.
/m/01803s	Immortality is eternal life, the ability to live forever. Biological forms have inherent limitations which medical interventions or engineering may or may not be able to overcome. Natural selection has developed potential biological immortality in at least one species, the jellyfish Turritopsis dohrnii.\nCertain scientists, futurists, and philosophers, have theorized about the immortality of the human body, and advocate that human immortality is achievable in the first few decades of the 21st century, while other advocates believe that life extension is a more achievable goal in the short term, with immortality awaiting further research breakthroughs into an indefinite future. Aubrey de Grey, a researcher who has developed a series of biomedical rejuvenation strategies to reverse human aging, believes that his proposed plan for ending aging may be implementable in two or three decades. The absence of aging would provide humans with biological immortality, but not invulnerability to death by physical trauma. What form an unending human life would take, or whether an immaterial soul exists and possesses immortality, has been a major point of focus of religion, as well as the subject of speculation, fantasy, and debate.
/m/02x8m	Funk is a music genre that originated in the mid-late 1960s when African-American musicians created a rhythmic, danceable new form of music through a mixture of soul music, jazz, and R&B. Funk de-emphasizes melody and harmony and brings a strong rhythmic groove of electric bass and drums to the foreground. Funk songs are often based on an extended vamp on a single chord, distinguishing it from R&B and soul songs, which are built on chord progressions.\nLike much African-inspired music, funk typically consists of a complex groove with rhythm instruments such as electric guitar, electric bass, Hammond organ, and drums playing interlocking rhythms. Funk bands sometimes have a horn section of several saxophones, trumpets, and in some cases, a trombone, which plays rhythmic \"hits\".\nMany of the most famous bands in the genre also played disco and soul extensively. Funk samples have been used extensively in genres including hip hop, house music, and drum and bass. It is also the main influence of go-go, a subgenre associated with funk.
/m/0169t	Burundi, officially the Republic of Burundi, is a landlocked country in the African Great Lakes region of Southeast Africa, bordered by Rwanda to the north, Tanzania to the east and south and the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the west. It is also sometimes considered part of Central Africa. Burundi's capital is Bujumbura. Although the country is landlocked, much of the southwestern border is adjacent to Lake Tanganyika.\nThe Twa, Hutu and Tutsi peoples have lived in Burundi for at least five hundred years and, for over two hundred years, Burundi was ruled as a kingdom. At the beginning of the twentieth century, however, Germany and Belgium occupied the region and Burundi and Rwanda became a European colony known as Ruanda-Urundi. Social differences between the Tutsi and Hutu have since contributed to political unrest in the region, leading to civil war in the middle of the twentieth century. Presently, Burundi is governed as a presidential representative democratic republic.\nBurundi is one of the five poorest countries in the world. It has one of the lowest per capita GDPs of any nation in the world. The country has suffered from warfare, corruption, poor access to education and the effects of HIV/AIDS. Burundi is densely populated and experiences substantial emigration. According to a 2012 DHL Global Connectedness Index, Burundi is the least globalised of 140 surveyed countries.
/m/03cwwl	Resident Evil: Apocalypse is a 2004 Apocalyptic fiction action-horror film directed by Alexander Witt, from a screenplay written by producer Paul W. S. Anderson. It is the second installment in the Resident Evil film series, which is based on the Capcom survival horror video game series Resident Evil.\nBorrowing elements from the video games Resident Evil 2, 3: Nemesis, and Code: Veronica, Resident Evil: Apocalypse follows heroine Alice, who has escaped the underground Umbrella facility and must band with other survivors including Jill Valentine and escape Raccoon City alive.\nThe film opened to theaters on September 10, 2004. On a budget of $40 million, the film grossed $51 million domestically and $129 million worldwide, surpassing the box office gross of the previous installment. Resident Evil: Apocalypse received mostly negative reviews from critics, who praised the action sequences but criticized the plot. The film was released to DVD on December 28, 2004.
/m/088vmr	Dark cabaret may be a simple description of the theme and mood of a cabaret performance, but more recently has come to define a particular musical genre which draws on the aesthetics of the decadent, risqué German Weimar-era cabarets, burlesque and vaudeville shows with the stylings of post-1970s goth and punk music.
/m/0blfl	The 1948 Winter Olympics, officially known as the V Olympic Winter Games, was a winter multi-sport event celebrated in 1948 in St. Moritz, Switzerland. The Games were the first to be celebrated after World War II; it had been 12 years since the last Winter Games in 1936. From the selection of a host city in a neutral country to the exclusion of Japan and Germany, the political atmosphere of the post-war world was inescapable during the Games. The organizing committee faced several challenges due to the lack of financial and human resources consumed by the war.\nThere were 28 nations that marched in the opening ceremonies on January 30, 1948. Nearly 670 athletes competed in 22 events in four sports. The Games also featured two demonstration sports: military patrol, which later became the biathlon, and winter pentathlon, which was discontinued after these Games. Notable performances were turned in by figure skaters Dick Button and Barbara Ann Scott and skier Henri Oreiller. Most of the athletic venues were already in existence from the first time St. Moritz hosted the Winter Games in 1928. All of the venues were outdoors, which meant the Games were heavily dependent on favorable weather conditions.
/m/07nxvj	The Good Shepherd is a 2006 spy film produced and directed by Robert De Niro and starring Matt Damon and Angelina Jolie, with an extensive supporting cast. De Niro also produced it with James G. Robinson and Jane Rosenthal. Although it is a fictional film loosely based on real events, it is advertised as telling the untold story of the birth of counter-intelligence in the Central Intelligence Agency. The film's main character, Edward Wilson, is loosely based on James Jesus Angleton and Richard M. Bissell. This was Joe Pesci's first film appearance after his six-year hiatus from acting between 1999 and 2005. Eric Roth, the film's screenwriter, began to work on the project after he abandoned his attempt to bring Norman Mailer's Harlot's Ghost to the screen. Like De Niro's film, Mailer's novel is a fictionalized chronicle of the C.I.A.
/m/03mv0b	Stanley \"Stan\" Laurel, was an English comic actor, writer and film director, most famous as Laurel of Laurel and Hardy–Hardy being Oliver Hardy. Laurel began his career in the British music hall, from where he took a number of his standard comic devices: the bowler hat, the deep comic gravity, and the nonsensical understatement. He was a member of \"Fred Karno's Army,\" where he was Charlie Chaplin's understudy. The two arrived in the US on the same ship from Britain with the Karno troupe. Laurel went into films in the United States, with his acting career stretching between 1917 and 1951, and from \"silents\" to \"talkies.\" It included a starring role in the film The Music Box, which won an Academy Award.\nIn 1961, Laurel was given a Lifetime Achievement Academy Award for his pioneering work in comedy. He has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 7021 Hollywood Blvd. In a 2005 UK poll to find The Comedians' Comedian, Laurel and Hardy ranked top among best double acts and seventh overall. In 2009, a bronze statue of the duo was unveiled in Laurel's hometown of Ulverston, Cumbria.
/m/01tl50z	Shirley Mae Jones is an American singer and actress of stage, film and television. In her six decades of show business, she has starred as wholesome characters in a number of well-known musical films, such as Oklahoma!, Carousel, and The Music Man. She won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for playing a vengeful prostitute in Elmer Gantry. She played Shirley Partridge, the widowed mother of five children in the situation-comedy television series The Partridge Family, which co-starred her real-life stepson David Cassidy, son of Jack Cassidy.
/m/02049g	Carmarthen is a community in, and the county town of, Carmarthenshire, Wales. It is sited on the River Towy 8 miles north of its mouth at Carmarthen Bay. In 2001, the population was 14,648.\nCarmarthen lays claim to being the oldest town in Wales but the two settlements of Old and New Carmarthen were only united into a single borough in 1546. Carmarthen was the most populous borough in Wales between the 16th and 18th centuries and was described by William Camden as \"the chief citie of the country\". However, population growth stagnated by the mid 19th century as more dynamic economic centres developed in the South Wales coalfield. Currently, Carmarthen is the location of the headquarters of Dyfed-Powys Police, the Carmarthen campus of the University of Wales, Trinity Saint David and the West Wales General Hospital.
/m/02b7nz	Harrow is a large town in the London Borough of Harrow, northwest London, United Kingdom. Harrow was a municipal borough of Middlesex before its inclusion in Greater London in 1965. Harrow is home to a large University of Westminster campus and is widely known for Harrow School, with Harrow County School also located in the area.
/m/06w2yp9	Deborah Ann Woll is an American actress best known for her role as Jessica Hamby on HBO's True Blood.
/m/0l_dv	Richard William \"Wil\" Wheaton III is an American actor, blogger and writer, known for his portrayals of Wesley Crusher on the television series Star Trek: The Next Generation, Gordie Lachance in the film Stand by Me, Joey Trotta in Toy Soldiers, and for his recurring role as a fictionalized version of himself on the CBS sitcom The Big Bang Theory.
/m/04s934	Lowell High School is a public magnet school in San Francisco, California. The school opened in 1856 as the Union Grammar School and attained its current name in 1896. Lowell moved to its current location in the Merced Manor neighborhood in 1962.\nRun by the San Francisco Unified School District, Lowell is open to all San Francisco residents and charges no tuition. Admission is contingent on submission of an application and based primarily on evaluation of test scores and prior academic record.\nLowell contains a wide-ranging and rigorous curriculum and is noted for its academic excellence and prominent alumni. The school has been named a California Distinguished School seven times and a National Blue Ribbon School four times. Lowell is currently ranked 51st by U.S. News & World Report in its \"Best High Schools in America\" for 2012, making it the 2nd highest ranking school in the nation with over 2000 students. Lowell was also ranked 49th by Newsweeks America's Best High Schools 2012 list and 66th by Newsweeks 2013 list.
/m/038nv6	Adam Baldwin is an American actor, known for his roles as Animal Mother in Stanley Kubrick's Full Metal Jacket, Ricky Linderman in My Bodyguard, Jayne Cobb in Firefly and its continuation film Serenity, Knowle Rohrer in The X-Files, Marcus Hamilton in Angel, and Chad Shelten in Day Break. More recently, he starred as Colonel John Casey on Chuck.
/m/01z2sn	Wrexham is the largest town in the north of Wales. It is the administrative centre of the wider Wrexham County Borough, located in the east of the region. It is situated between the Welsh mountains and the lower Dee Valley close to the border with Cheshire, England. As the largest town in the north of Wales, it is a major centre of the region's administrative, commercial, retail and educational infrastructure.\nAt the time of the United Kingdom Census 2001, Wrexham centre had a population of 42,576, and the wider Wrexham Urban Area, as defined by the Office for National Statistics, had a population of 63,084, the seventh-largest in Wales. The county borough of Wrexham, which covers 50,500 hectares, has a population of over 130,000.
/m/01ld0	Cryptography is the practice and study of techniques for secure communication in the presence of third parties. More generally, it is about constructing and analyzing protocols that overcome the influence of adversaries and which are related to various aspects in information security such as data confidentiality, data integrity, authentication, and non-repudiation. Modern cryptography intersects the disciplines of mathematics, computer science, and electrical engineering. Applications of cryptography include ATM cards, computer passwords, and electronic commerce.\nCryptography prior to the modern age was effectively synonymous with encryption, the conversion of information from a readable state to apparent nonsense. The originator of an encrypted message shared the decoding technique needed to recover the original information only with intended recipients, thereby precluding unwanted persons to do the same. Since World War I and the advent of the computer, the methods used to carry out cryptology have become increasingly complex and its application more widespread.
/m/0bqthy	The 2006 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament involved 65 schools playing in a single-elimination tournament to determine the national champion of men's NCAA Division I college basketball as a culmination of the 2005–06 basketball season. It began on March 14, 2006, and concluded on April 3 at the RCA Dome in Indianapolis, Indiana.\nNone of the tournament's top seeds advanced to the Final Four, the first time since 1980 that this occurred. For the second time in history, a team seeded eleventh advanced to the Final Four as George Mason of the Colonial Athletic Association won the Washington, DC region. They were joined by Atlanta region winner LSU, who were the first team to advance to the Final Four as an eleventh-seed in their most recent appearance there in 1986, Oakland region winner UCLA, who had not made the Final Four since they won the national championship in 1995, and Minneapolis region winner Florida, who had not made the Final Four since their runner-up finish in 2000 in Indianapolis.\nFlorida won their first ever national basketball championship by defeating UCLA 73-57 in the final game.\nFlorida's Joakim Noah was named the Most Outstanding Player of the NCAA Tournament.
/m/015401	The University of Tehran, also known as Tehran University and UT, is Iran's oldest modern university. Based on its historical, socio-cultural and political pedigree, as well as its research and teaching profile, UT has been nicknamed \"The mother university of Iran\". It is almost always ranked as the best university in Iran in national and international rankings. It is also the premier knowledge producing institute among all OIC countries. The university offers 111 bachelor degree programs, 177 masters' degree programs, and 156 Ph.D. programs. Many of the departments were absorbed into the University of Tehran from the Dar al-Funun established in 1851 and the Tehran School of Political Sciences established in 1899.\nThe University of Tehran is known as the symbol of higher education in Iran. The main campus of the University is located in the central part of the city. However, other campuses are spread across the city as well as in the suburbs such as the Baghe Negarestan Campus at the central eastern part of the city, the Northern Amirabad Campuses at the central western part of the city and the Abureyhan Campus in the suburb of the capital. The main gate of the University with its specific design and modern architecture is the logo of the University and in a more general sense, a logo of education in Iran. The University is one of the city’s attractions, hosting many international and cultural events attracting academia, foreign tourists as well as local residents. The major festive of Friday Prayers of the capital is held at the University’s main campus every Friday.
/m/03gt0c5	Marit Allen was an English fashion journalist and costume designer who specialized in costumes for films. She designed the costumes for several successful Hollywood films, including Mrs. Doubtfire, The Witches, Eyes Wide Shut, Dirty Rotten Scoundrels, Brokeback Mountain and La Vie en Rose. Her career as a film costume designer lasted over 33 years.
/m/07ym0	François-Marie Arouet, known by his nom de plume Voltaire, was a French Enlightenment writer, historian and philosopher famous for his wit, his attacks on the established Catholic Church, and his advocacy of freedom of religion, freedom of expression, and separation of church and state. Voltaire was a versatile writer, producing works in almost every literary form, including plays, poems, novels, essays, and historical and scientific works. He wrote more than 20,000 letters and more than 2,000 books and pamphlets. He was an outspoken advocate, despite the risk this placed him in under the strict censorship laws of the time. As a satirical polemicist, he frequently made use of his works to criticize intolerance, religious dogma, and the French institutions of his day.
/m/01tzm9	Dawn Roma French is an English actress, writer, and comedian, best known for starring in and writing for the comedy sketch show French and Saunders with comedy partner Jennifer Saunders and for playing the lead role as Geraldine Granger in the sitcom The Vicar of Dibley. French has been nominated for seven BAFTA Awards and also won a Fellowship BAFTA with Jennifer Saunders.
/m/0l2q3	Riverside County is one of 58 counties in the U.S. state of California. The name was taken from the city of Riverside, which is the county seat. Roughly rectangle-shaped, Riverside County covers 7,208 square miles in Southern California. Riverside County lies inland of Los Angeles County and is bordered on the west by Orange County; on the east by La Paz County, Arizona; on the southwest by San Diego County; on the southeast by Imperial County; and on the north by San Bernardino County. Together, Riverside and San Bernardino Counties have been dubbed the Inland Empire.\nThe population of Riverside County was 2,189,641 in 2010. It is the fourth-most populous county in California and among the fastest-growing areas of the United States in the past fifty years. There is a high concentration of sprawling house tract communities around Riverside and along the Interstate 10, 15, and 215 freeways.\nGeographically, the county is mostly desert in the central and eastern portions of the county and is a Mediterranean climate in the western portion of the county. Most of Joshua Tree National Park is located in the county.\nThe resort cities of Palm Springs, Palm Desert, Indian Wells, La Quinta, Rancho Mirage, and Desert Hot Springs are all located in the Coachella Valley region of Riverside County. Large numbers of Los Angeles area workers have moved to the county in recent years to take advantage of relatively affordable housing. Alongside neighboring San Bernardino County, it was one of the fastest growing regions in the state prior to the recent changes in the regional economy. In addition, smaller, but significant, numbers of people have been moving into Southwest Riverside County from the San Diego-Tijuana metropolitan area. The cities of Temecula and Murrieta accounted for 20% of the increase in population of Riverside County between 2000 and 2007.
/m/0jv5x	Swindon Town Football Club is an English association football club based in Swindon, Wiltshire. The club participates in League One, the third tier in the English football league system, in which it has spent 31 of its 86 League seasons, with a further 30 in the former Division 3 South. The club's home ground, where it has played for over 100 years, is the County Ground, which has a capacity of 14,700.\nThe club was founded in 1879, became professional in 1894 and entered the Football League in 1920. It has enjoyed periods of success, most notably during 1968–70, winning the 1969 League Cup by defeating Arsenal at Wembley Stadium and securing promotion to the Second Division. League Cup success earned the club its first invitations to European competitions, but they were not eligible to participate because they played in the then Third Division. So as compensation they were entered into the 1969 Anglo-Italian League Cup and the 1970 Anglo-Italian Cup, with Swindon winning both. These wins were led by the club's talisman winger Don Rogers. The South Stand was named after him from the 2007–08 season.\nThe club's two best wins were 10 goals to 2 over Norwich City on 5 September 1908 and 10 goals to 1 over Farnham United Breweries F.C. in the season of 1925–26 while the worst loss was 10 goal to 1 down against Manchester City in 1930.
/m/0fl35	In biological classification, family is\na taxonomic rank. Other well-known ranks are life, domain, kingdom, phylum, class, order, genus, and species, with family fitting between order and genus. As for the other well-known ranks, there is the option of an immediately lower rank, indicated by the prefix sub-: subfamily.\na taxonomic unit, a taxon, in that rank. In that case the plural is families\nWhat does and does not belong to each family is determined by a taxonomist — as is whether a particular family should be recognized at all. Often there is no exact agreement, with different taxonomists taking different positions. There are no hard rules that a taxonomist needs to follow in describing or recognizing a family. Some taxa are accepted almost universally, while others are recognised only rarely.
/m/03qbh5	The Grammy Award for Best Pop Collaboration with Vocals was an honor presented at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards, to recording artists for quality pop songs on which singers collaborate. Awards in several categories are distributed annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position.\"\nThe award for Best Pop Collaboration with Vocals was first presented to Al Green and Lyle Lovett at the 37th Grammy Awards for the song \"Funny How Time Slips Away\". According to the category description guide for the 52nd Grammy Awards, the award was presented to artists that performed \"newly recorded collaborative pop performances\" that \"do not normally perform together.\"\nIn 1997, the father and daughter duo consisting of Nat King Cole and Natalie Cole won the award for \"When I Fall in Love\", a duet remake of one of his signature hits. There have been five instances in which an artist was nominated for more than one song within the same year. In 1998, Barbra Streisand received nominations for the songs \"I Finally Found Someone\" and \"Tell Him\". Santana was nominated in 2000 for the songs \"Love of My Life\" and \"Smooth\", the latter of which earned the group an award for Best Pop Collaboration with Vocals. In 2002, Christina Aguilera was nominated along with Ricky Martin for the song \"Nobody Wants to Be Lonely\" and won an award for the song \"Lady Marmalade\". In 2005, Ray Charles earned nominations for the songs \"Sorry Seems to Be the Hardest Word\" and \"Here We Go Again\" alongside Elton John and Norah Jones, respectively. In 2010, Colbie Caillat was nominated for the songs \"Breathe\" and \"Lucky\" alongside Taylor Swift and Jason Mraz, respectively. Charles and Caillat both earned one award from their two nominations.
/m/081l_	Ernst Wilhelm \"Wim\" Wenders is a German filmmaker, playwright, author, and photographer. Since 1996, Wenders has been the president of the European Film Academy in Berlin.
/m/018grr	John William \"Will\" Ferrell is an American comedian, impressionist, actor, producer, and writer. Ferrell first established himself in the mid-1990s as a cast member on the NBC sketch comedy show Saturday Night Live, and has subsequently starred in the comedy films Old School, Elf, Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy, Talladega Nights, Stranger than Fiction, Blades of Glory, Semi-Pro, Step Brothers, The Other Guys, and Anchorman 2: The Legend Continues. He is considered a member of the \"Frat Pack\", a generation of leading Hollywood comic actors who emerged in the late 1990s and the 2000s, including Jack Black, Ben Stiller, Steve Carell, Vince Vaughn, and brothers Owen and Luke Wilson.
/m/03fhml	Shelbourne Football Club is an Irish professional football club based in the Drumcondra area of Dublin, who will playing in the League of Ireland First Division for the 2014 season.\nShelbourne were founded in Dublin in 1895. In 1904 the club joined the Irish Football League, which was then an all Ireland competition, before becoming founding members of the League of Ireland in 1921. Shelbourne have won the league 13 times and are one of three clubs to have won both the IFA Cup and the FAI Cup.They currently play their home matches at Tolka Park, in the Dublin suburb of Drumcondra. The club colours are primarily red and white, with home jerseys being predominantly red. 'Shels' is the club's most common nickname, an abbreviation of Shelbourne.\nIn the 2004/2005 European season, Shelbourne became the first Irish club to reach the third qualifying round of the UEFA Champions League. Their performances in European competition and former striker Jason Byrne being capped for the Republic of Ireland whilst with the club, gained Shelbourne international exposure. The club lost their Premier Division license for the 2007 season due to the club's huge debt. Since then, Shelbourne have played in the second tier of the League of Ireland. The club was managed by Dermot Keely until 27 May 2010, having been appointed as Pat Fenlon's successor on 23 February 2007. Alan Matthews became the new manager in 2010. During the 2011 season Shelbourne secured promotion to the Premier Division once again after an absence of five years. Johnny McDonnell was appointed manager as Alan Matthews' successor on 24 May 2013
/m/0db94	The Sierra Nevada is a mountain range in the western United States, between the Central Valley of California and the Basin and Range Province. The vast majority of the range lies in the state of California, although the Carson Range spur lies primarily in Nevada.\nThe Sierra runs 400 miles north-to-south, and is approximately 70 miles across east-to-west. Notable Sierra features include Lake Tahoe, the largest alpine lake in North America; Mount Whitney at 14,505 ft, the highest point in the contiguous United States; and Yosemite Valley sculpted by glaciers out of 100-million-year-old granite. The Sierra is home to three national parks, 20 wilderness areas, and two national monuments. These areas include Yosemite, Sequoia, and Kings Canyon National Parks; and Devils Postpile National Monument.\nThe character of the range is shaped by its geology and ecology. More than 100 million years ago during the Nevadan orogeny, granite formed deep underground. The range started to uplift 4 Ma ago, and erosion by glaciers exposed the granite and formed the light-colored mountains and cliffs that make up the range. The uplift caused a wide range of elevations and climates in the Sierra Nevada, which are reflected by the presence of five life zones. Uplift continues due to faulting caused by tectonic forces, creating spectacular fault block escarpments along the eastern edge of the southern Sierra.
/m/081lh	Woody Allen is an American screenwriter, director, actor, comedian, author, playwright, and musician whose career spans more than 50 years.\nHe worked as a comedy writer in the 1950s, writing jokes and scripts for television and publishing several books of short humor pieces. In the early 1960s, Allen began performing as a stand-up comic, emphasizing monologues rather than traditional jokes. As a comic, he developed the persona of an insecure, intellectual, fretful nebbish, which he insists is quite different from his real-life personality. In 2004, Comedy Central ranked Allen in fourth place on a list of the 100 greatest stand-up comics, while a UK survey ranked Allen as the third greatest comedian.\nBy the mid-1960s Allen was writing and directing films, first specializing in slapstick comedies before moving into dramatic material influenced by European art cinema during the 1970s. He is often identified as part of the New Hollywood wave of filmmakers of the mid-1960s to late '70s. Allen often stars in his films, typically in the persona he developed as a standup. Some best-known of his over 40 films are Annie Hall, Manhattan, Hannah and Her Sisters, and Midnight in Paris. Critic Roger Ebert described Allen as \"a treasure of the cinema.\"
/m/0hvvf	Bonnie and Clyde is a 1967 American crime film directed by Arthur Penn and starring Warren Beatty and Faye Dunaway as the title characters Clyde Barrow and Bonnie Parker. The film features Michael J. Pollard, Gene Hackman, and Estelle Parsons, with Denver Pyle, Dub Taylor, Gene Wilder, Evans Evans, and Mabel Cavitt in supporting roles. The screenplay was written by David Newman and Robert Benton. Robert Towne and Beatty provided uncredited contributions to the script; Beatty also produced the film. The soundtrack was composed by Charles Strouse.\nBonnie and Clyde is considered a landmark film, and is regarded as one of the first films of the New Hollywood era, since it broke many cinematic taboos and was popular with the younger generation. Its success prompted other filmmakers to be more open in presenting sex and violence in their films. The film's ending also became iconic as \"one of the bloodiest death scenes in cinematic history\".\nThe film received Academy Awards for Best Supporting Actress and Best Cinematography. It was among the first 100 films selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry.
/m/01q7cb_	William Frederick \"Fred\" Durst is an American musician and film director from Jacksonville, Florida and spent his formative years playing in a number of local bands while mowing lawns, being a record exec and working as a tattoo artist for financial support. Durst is best known as the vocalist of the multi-platinum nu metal band Limp Bizkit, formed in 1994, with whom he has released six studio albums.\nSince 2006, Durst has also become known for his work in independent films. He costarred in the film Population 436, and made his directorial debut in 2007 with the film The Education of Charlie Banks. Durst directed a second film, The Longshots, in 2008. Durst has been ranked in the Top 100 Heavy Metal Vocalists by Hit Parader.
/m/0257pw	The Grammy Award for Best Classical Vocal Solo has been awarded since 1959. There have been several minor changes to the name of the award over this time:\nFrom 1959 to 1960 and from 1962 to 1964 the award was known as Best Classical Performance - Vocal Soloist\nIn 1961 it was awarded as Best Classical Performance - Vocal Soloist\nIn 1965 it was awarded as Best Vocal Soloist Performance\nIn 1966, 1968 and from 1971 to 1990 it was awarded as Best Classical Vocal Soloist Performance\nIn 1967 it was awarded as Best Classical Vocal Soloist Performance\nIn 1969 it was awarded as Best Vocal Soloist Performance\nIn 1970 it was awarded as Best Vocal Soloist Performance, Classical\nIn 1991 it was awarded as Best Classical Vocal Performance\nIn 1992 it was awarded as Best Classical Vocal Soloist\nFrom 1993 to 2011 it returned to being awarded as Best Classical Vocal Performance\nFrom 2012 the category has been known as Best Classical Vocal Solo\nThe Grammy is awarded to one or more vocal soloist. Accompanying musicians, orchestras and/or conductors are not eligible for the award.\nYears reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were presented, for works released in the previous year.
/m/014knw	Stalag 17 is a 1953 war film which tells the story of a group of American airmen held in a German World War II prisoner of war camp, who come to suspect that one of their number is an informant. It was adapted from a Broadway play.\nProduced and directed by Billy Wilder, it starred William Holden, Don Taylor, Robert Strauss, Neville Brand, Harvey Lembeck, and Peter Graves; Wilder also cast Otto Preminger in the role of the camp's Commandant.\nThe film was adapted by Wilder and Edwin Blum from the Broadway play by Donald Bevan and Edmund Trzcinski which was based on their experiences as prisoners in Stalag 17B in Austria. The play was directed by José Ferrer and was the Broadway debut of John Ericson as Sefton. It began its run in May 1951 and continued for 472 performances. The character Sefton was loosely based on Joe Palazzo, a flier in Trzcinski's prisoner-of-war barracks.\nThe script was rewritten quite a bit by Wilder and Blum and the film was shot in chronological order. In a featurette made later, members of the cast said that they themselves did not know the identity of the informant until the last three days of shooting.
/m/01k4f	Basel or Basle is Switzerland's third most populous city with about 166,000 inhabitants. Located where the Swiss, French and German borders meet, Basel also has suburbs in France and Germany. In 2011, the Basel agglomeration was the third largest in Switzerland with a population of 500,600 in 74 municipalities in Switzerland and an additional 53 in neighboring countries. The tri-national metropolitan area has around 830,000 inhabitants in 226 municipalities.\nLocated in northwest Switzerland on the river Rhine, Basel functions as a major industrial centre for the chemical and pharmaceutical industry. The Basel region, culturally extending into German Baden-Württemberg and French Alsace, reflects the heritage of its three states in the modern Latin name: \"Regio TriRhena\". It has the oldest university of the Swiss Confederation. Basel is German-speaking. The local variant of the Swiss German dialects is called Basel German.\nBasel is among the most important cultural centres of Switzerland. The city comprises a large number of theatres and many museums, including the Museum of Fine Arts, the world's oldest art collection accessible to the public. In addition the Theater Basel was chosen in 1999 as the best stage for German-language performances and in 2009 & 2010 as \"Opera of the Year\" by German Opera Magazine \"Opernwelt\".
/m/027gs1_	The Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Directing for a Comedy Series is an Emmy presented to the best directing of a television comedy series.
/m/01gln9	Burton upon Trent, also known as Burton-on-Trent or simply Burton, is a town straddling the River Trent in the east of Staffordshire, England. The demonym for residents of the town is \"Burtonian\". Burton, which had an estimated population of 43,784, lies within the National Forest.\nBurton is best known for its brewing heritage, having been home to over a dozen breweries in its heyday. Beer is still brewed in the town. The town originally grew up around Burton on Trent Abbey, which was the most important religious centre in medieval Staffordshire. Burton Bridge also became an important crossing point of the Trent and was the site of two battles, first in 1322 when Edward II defeated the rebel Earl of Lancaster and also in 1643 when the royalists captured the town during the First English Civil War. Sir William Paget and his descendants were responsible for extending the manor house within the abbey grounds and facilitating the extension of the River Trent Navigation to Burton. Burton had grown into a busy market town by the early modern period.\nThere is some confusion as to whether Burton is in the West Midlands or the East Midlands, even though the entire urban centre is south-west of the River Dove, which forms the Derbyshire/Staffordshire boundary. Several factors contribute to the ambiguity of the town's status. The local vernacular shares more similarities with East Midlands English than West Midlands English; the town was formerly within the East Midlands Utility areas, and has Derby postcodes. However, it is served by the BBC Midlands region, based in Birmingham and before consolidation exercises formed part of the ITV Central region, again based in Birmingham.
/m/01rwcgb	Yuvan Shankar Raja is an Indian singer-songwriter, film score, and soundtrack composer, singer and occasional lyricist from Chennai, Tamil Nadu. He has predominantly scored music for the Tamil films. Being the youngest son of noted film composer Ilaiyaraaja, he began his musical career in 1996, at age 16, as he composed the film score for Aravindhan. After initial struggle, he made his big break with the Thulluvadho Ilamai soundtrack, and evolved as one of Tamil cinema's most sought-after composers by the mid-2000s.\nWithin a span of 15 years, Yuvan Shankar Raja has worked on over 100 films. Considered a versatile composer, he often strives for different and innovative music and has explored and used elements of various genres in his compositions that range from folk and R&B to techno and heavy metal. He is particularly known for his use of western music elements in his pieces and often credited with having introduced Hip hop to the Tamil film and music industry and having started the \"era of remixes\" in Tamil Nadu. Being immensely popular among the younger generation, he is frequently referred to as the \"Rockstar\", and the \"Youth Icon of Tamil Film Music\". In addition, Yuvan Shankar Raja is recognized for his background score in films that have fetched him accolades among critics.
/m/02bn75	Alex North was an American composer best known for his many film scores, including A Streetcar Named Desire, Viva Zapata!, Spartacus, Cleopatra, and Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?. He was the first composer to receive an Honorary Academy Award.
/m/02c9dj	The College of the Holy Cross is an undergraduate Roman Catholic, Jesuit liberal arts college located in Worcester, Massachusetts, USA. Founded in 1843, Holy Cross is the oldest Jesuit college in New England and one of the oldest in the United States. In 1962, Time included it as one of seven Catholic Ivy Universities in American Roman Catholic higher education.\nHoly Cross is one of 28 member institutions of the Association of Jesuit Colleges and Universities and is part of the Colleges of Worcester Consortium. Students are encouraged to become \"men and women for others\" and question, \"What is our special responsibility to the world's poor and powerless?\" as noted in the College Mission Statement.\nOpened as a school for boys under the auspices of the Society of Jesus, it was the first Jesuit college in New England. Today, Holy Cross is one of 28 member institutions of the Association of Jesuit Colleges and Universities and is part of the Colleges of Worcester Consortium. Students are encouraged to become \"men and women for others\" and question, \"What is our special responsibility to the world's poor and powerless?\" as noted in the College Mission Statement. As of June 2012, the Holy Cross endowment was valued at $655 million.
/m/04_tv	Management in business and organizations means to coordinate the efforts of people to accomplish goals and objectives using available resources efficiently and effectively. Management comprises planning, organizing, staffing, leading or directing, and controlling an organization or initiative to accomplish a goal. Resourcing encompasses the deployment and manipulation of human resources, financial resources, technological resources, and natural resources.\nSince organizations can be viewed as systems, management can also be defined as human action, including design, to facilitate the production of useful outcomes from a system. This view opens the opportunity to 'manage' oneself, a prerequisite to attempting to manage others.
/m/013_gg	Hildesheim is a city in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is located in the district of Hildesheim, about 30 km southeast of Hanover on the banks of the Innerste River, which is a small tributary of the Leine River. It may be reached from Autobahn A7, which links Kassel, Göttingen and Hannover, and routes 1, 6, 243 and 494.
/m/07l4zhn	\"Taking a leading role for the first time in several years, American legend Robert Duvall gives a performance of wisdom and nuance in Get Low. Complemented by a first-rate cast that includes Bill Murray, Sissy Spacek and Lucas Black, this classic story from a bygone era unfolds with quiet majesty.\n\nFor the past forty years, Felix Bush (Duvall) has lived as a hermit deep in the Tennessee woods. His clothes tattered, his manner rough and his expressions buried behind a massive white beard, he's an unnerving figure when he stalks into town with his mule, shotgun in hand. Some say he's killed men with his bare hands.\n\nOne day Bush walks into the local funeral parlour and announces to Frank Quinn (Murray), “'Bout time for me to get low. Down to business. I need a funeral.” More importantly, he wants a funeral party, an event that will draw all his friends and enemies to his shack in the woods for a final reckoning – and he wants to throw the party while he's still alive.\n\nBased on a true story, Get Low has the feel of a classic American tale. Its style evokes westerns both old and new. There is something of Robert Altman's McCabe & Mrs. Miller in director Aaron Schneider's storytelling, and something of Gordon Willis and Conrad Hall in the film's richly lit and composed images.\n\nThe beauty of the cinematography serves as a backdrop to resonant performances from each actor. Lucas Black more than holds his own as the undertaker's sidekick, playing against Murray's sly rhythms with upright sincerity. Taking the role of Felix's former lover, Spacek is pure pleasure to watch in her scenes with Duvall. To see two veteran actors responding to each other with such heart and such presence is an all-too-rare treat.\n\nAnd for Duvall, Get Low marks a welcome return. Always a minimalist, he is now at the stage where he can do so much more onscreen with so much less. His every moment here is a lesson in living before the camera. It stands with his best-ever performances.\"\nQuoting the 2009 TIFF site.
/m/01jft4	Bruce Almighty is a 2003 American religious comedy film directed by Tom Shadyac, written by Steve Koren, Mark O'Keefe, and Steve Oedekerk, and starring Jim Carrey as Bruce Nolan, a down-on-his-luck TV reporter who complains to God that he is not doing his job correctly, and is offered the chance to try being God himself for one week. This is Shadyac and Carrey's third collaboration after working together on Shadyac's first film, Ace Ventura: Pet Detective, which also launched Carrey's career, and Liar Liar.\nWhen released in American theaters in May 2003, it took the #1 spot at the box office, grossing $85.89 million - higher than the release of Pearl Harbor, making it the highest-rated Memorial Day weekend opening of any film in motion picture history. The movie surprised media analysts when it beat The Matrix Reloaded after its first week of release. By the time it left theaters, it took in a United States domestic total of over $242 million and $484 million worldwide.
/m/025sf8g	Selenium is a chemical element with symbol Se and atomic number 34. It is a nonmetal with properties that are intermediate between those of its periodic table column-adjacent chalcogen elements sulfur and tellurium. It rarely occurs in its elemental state in nature, or as pure ore compounds. Selenium was discovered in 1817 by Jöns Jacob Berzelius, who noted the similarity of the new element to the previously known tellurium.\nSelenium is found impurely in metal sulfide ores, where it partially replaces the sulfur. Commercially, selenium is produced as a byproduct in the refining of these ores, most often during copper production. Minerals that are pure selenide or selenate compounds are known, but are rare. The chief commercial uses for selenium today are in glassmaking and in pigments. Selenium is a semiconductor and is used in photocells. Uses in electronics, once important, have been mostly supplanted by silicon semiconductor devices. Selenium continues to be used in a few types of DC power surge protectors, baby formula, and one type of fluorescent quantum dot.\nSelenium salts are toxic in large amounts, but trace amounts are necessary for cellular function in many organisms, including all animals. Selenium is a component of the antioxidant enzymes glutathione peroxidase and thioredoxin reductase. It is also found in three deiodinase enzymes, which convert one thyroid hormone to another. Selenium requirements in plants differ by species, with some plants requiring relatively large amounts, and others apparently requiring none.
/m/095l0	Bristol is a city, unitary authority area and ceremonial county in South West England, with an estimated population of 433,100 for the unitary authority in 2009, and a surrounding Larger Urban Zone with an estimated 1,070,000 residents in 2007. It is England's sixth and the United Kingdom's eighth most populous city, one of the Core Cities Group and the most populous city in South West England.\nHistorically in Gloucestershire, the city received a Royal charter in 1155 and was granted County status in 1373. From the 13th century, for half a millennium, it ranked amongst the top three English cities after London, alongside York and Norwich, on the basis of tax receipts, until the rapid rise of Liverpool, Birmingham and Manchester during the Industrial Revolution in the latter part of the 18th century. It borders the counties of Somerset and Gloucestershire, and is also located near the historic cities of Bath to the south east and Gloucester to the north. The city is built around the River Avon, and it also has a short coastline on the Severn Estuary, which flows into the Bristol Channel.\nBristol is the largest centre of culture, employment and education in the region. Its prosperity has been linked with the sea since its earliest days. The commercial Port of Bristol was originally in the city centre before being moved to the Severn Estuary at Avonmouth; Royal Portbury Dock is on the western edge of the city boundary. In more recent years the economy has depended on the creative media, electronics and aerospace industries, and the city centre docks have been regenerated as a centre of heritage and culture. There are 34 other populated places named Bristol, most in the United States, but also in Peru, Canada, Jamaica, Barbados, and Costa Rica, all presumably commemorating the original. People from Bristol are termed Bristolians.
/m/01l_yg	Christopher Allen Lloyd is an American actor. Among his best-known roles are Emmett \"Doc\" Brown in the Back to the Future trilogy, Uncle Fester in The Addams Family and its sequel Addams Family Values, and Judge Doom in Who Framed Roger Rabbit. He rose to prominence in the 1980s as Jim Ignatowski in the television series Taxi.\nLloyd, who also has done voiceover work in animation, has won three Primetime Emmy Awards and an Independent Spirit Award, and has been nominated for two Saturn Awards and a Daytime Emmy Award.
/m/01cw13	Kallon Football Club commonly known as F.C. Kallon, formerly Sierra Fisheries, is a Sierra Leonean football club based in Freetown. The club is one of the top clubs in the Sierra Leone National Premier League and play their home games at the National Stadium in Freetown. The club owner, chairman and CEO is a former Sierra Leonean international footballer Mohamed Kallon. The club is coach by a former Sierra Leonean international footballer Musa Kallon, who is also the older brother of Mohamed Kallon.
/m/039cq4	Saturday Night Live is an American late-night live television sketch comedy and variety show created by Lorne Michaels and developed by Dick Ebersol. The show premiered on NBC on October 11, 1975, under the original title NBC's Saturday Night. The show's comedy sketches, which parody contemporary culture and politics, are performed by a large and varying cast of repertory and newer cast members. Each episode is hosted by a celebrity guest and features performances by a musical guest. An episode normally begins with a cold open sketch that ends with someone breaking character and proclaiming, \"Live from New York, it's Saturday Night!\", beginning the show proper.\nIn 1980, Michaels left the series to explore other opportunities. He was replaced by Jean Doumanian, who was replaced by Ebersol after a season of bad reviews. Ebersol ran the show until 1985, when Michaels returned; Michaels has remained since then. Many of SNL's cast found national stardom while appearing on the show, and achieved success in film and television, both in front of and behind the camera. Others associated with the show, such as writers, have gone on to successful careers creating, writing, or starring in TV and film.
/m/013vdl	Mae Margaret Whitman is an American actress. She is known for her roles as Ann Veal in the TV series Arrested Development, Amber Holt on the TV series Parenthood, and Roxy Richter in Scott Pilgrim vs. the World. She is also known for her voice work as Katara in the animated television series Avatar: The Last Airbender, Little Suzy in Johnny Bravo, Rose/Huntsgirl in American Dragon: Jake Long, April O'Neil in the 2012 iteration of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and Tinker Bell in the Tinker Bell movies. Her first major studio role was as the President's daughter in the 1996 film Independence Day. She was also in the 2012 film The Perks of Being a Wallflower as Mary-Elizabeth.
/m/0284h6	Millwall Football Club is an English professional football club based in South Bermondsey, south-east London, that plays in the Football League Championship, the second tier of English football. Founded as Millwall Rovers in 1885, the club has retained its name despite having last played in the Millwall area of the Isle of Dogs in 1910. From then until 1993 the club played at the Den, a now-demolished stadium in New Cross, before moving to its current home stadium nearby in South Bermondsey, also called the Den.\nThe traditional club crest is a lion rampant, referred to in the team's nickname \"The Lions\". Millwall's traditional kit consists of blue shirts, white shorts and blue socks. The current strip celebrates their 20th anniversary playing at the Den; it is a dark navy blue shirt with white pin stripes, white shorts and navy socks. Millwall have a long-standing rivalry with West Ham United. The local derby between the two sides has been contested almost 100 times since 1899. In the media, Millwall's supporters have often been associated with hooliganism, with numerous films having been made fictionalising their notoriety. The fans are renowned for their chant \"No one likes us, we don't care\".
/m/05jx5r	Club Sportif Sedan Ardennes, commonly referred to as CS Sedan or simply Sedan, is a French association football club based in Sedan. The club was formed in 1919 and will play in National, the third level of French football in 2013-14. Sedan plays its home matches at the Stade Louis Dugauguez located within the city. The team is managed by Laurent Guyot and captained by midfielder Jérôme Lemoigne. Sedan is sponsored by Invicta France and Caisse d'Epargne, the latter being one of France's largest banks. Nike are Sedan's current kit supplier.
/m/02k21g	Maya Khabira Rudolph is an American actress and comedian. She rose to prominence on the NBC television show Saturday Night Live, where she was a cast member from 2000 to 2007. She has also starred in films such as Idiocracy, Away We Go, Grown Ups, Bridesmaids, and Grown Ups 2. She starred as Ava Alexander in the NBC sitcom Up All Night from 2011 to 2013.
/m/02dtg	Detroit is the most populous city in the U.S. state of Michigan, and is the seat of Wayne County, the most populous county in the state and the largest city on the United States-Canada border. It is a primary business, cultural, financial and transportation center in the Metro Detroit area, a region of 5.2 million people, and serves as a major port on the Detroit River connecting the Great Lakes system to the Saint Lawrence Seaway. It was founded on July 24, 1701, by the French explorer and adventurer Antoine Laumet de La Mothe, sieur de Cadillac.\nThe Detroit area emerged as a significant metropolitan region within the United States as construction of a regional freeway system was completed in the 1950s and 1960s. With these commuting ties allowing social and economic integration across a larger area, the Detroit name sometimes refers to the three-county Urban Area, the six-county Metropolitan Statistical Area, or the nine-county Combined Statistical Area. The Detroit–Windsor area, a commercial link straddling the Canada–U.S. border, has a total population of about 5,700,000. The Detroit metropolitan region currently holds roughly one-half of the state's population.
/m/01ydzx	Paul Weller is a British musician and singer-songwriter. Starting with the band The Jam, Weller went on to branch out musically to a more soulful style with The Style Council. In 1991 he established himself as a successful solo artist, and remains a respected singer, lyricist and guitarist.\nDespite widespread critical recognition, Weller has remained a national rather than an international star, and much of his songwriting is rooted in British culture. He is also the principal figure of the 1970s and 80s mod revival and is often referred to as the Modfather.
/m/0fvppk	Icon Productions LLC is an American independent production company founded in August 1989 by actor/director Mel Gibson and Australian producing partner Bruce Davey.
/m/01gsrl	The Tenth United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, consisting of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, D.C. from March 4, 1807 to March 4, 1809, during the seventh and eighth years of Thomas Jefferson's presidency. The apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives was based on the Second Census of the United States in 1800. Both chambers had an overwhelming Democratic-Republican majority.
/m/01jnf1	Crimson is a strong, deep red color. It originally meant the color of the Kermes dye produced from a scale insect, Kermes vermilio, but the name is now sometimes also used as a generic term for slightly reddish-blue colors that are between red and rose.
/m/0q9vf	Michael Anthony Richards is an American actor, comedian, writer and television producer, best known for his portrayal of Cosmo Kramer on the television sitcom Seinfeld, for which he received the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series three times.\nRichards began his career as a stand-up comedian, first entering the national spotlight when he was featured on Billy Crystal's first cable TV special. He went on to become a series regular on ABC's Fridays. Prior to Seinfeld, he made numerous guest appearances on a variety of television shows including Cheers, Night Court, Miami Vice and St. Elsewhere. His film credits include So I Married an Axe Murderer, Airheads, Young Doctors in Love, Problem Child, Coneheads, UHF, and Trial and Error, one of his few starring roles. During the run of Seinfeld, he made a guest appearance in Mad About You. After Seinfeld, Richards starred in his own sitcom, The Michael Richards Show, which lasted less than one full season.\nAfter Seinfeld ended, Richards performed stand-up comedy. After inciting media furor for losing his temper and repeatedly shouting \"nigger\" at an African American heckler in late 2006, Richards announced his retirement from stand-up in 2007. Richards appeared as himself in the seventh season of Curb Your Enthusiasm in 2009, acting alongside his fellow cast members for the first time since Seinfeld's finale.
/m/01gsry	The Eleventh United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, consisting of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, D.C. from March 4, 1809 to March 4, 1811, during the first two years of James Madison's presidency. The apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives was based on the Second Census of the United States in 1800. Both chambers had a Democratic-Republican majority.
/m/0f3ys2	Solihull is a town in the West Midlands of England with a population of 94,753. It is a part of the West Midlands conurbation and is located 9 miles southeast of Birmingham city centre. It is the largest town in, and administrative centre of, the larger Metropolitan Borough of Solihull, which itself has a population of 200,400.\nHistorically part of Warwickshire, Solihull is one of the most prosperous towns in the English Midlands. In November 2013, the uSwitch Quality of Life Index named Solihull the \"best place to live\" in the United Kingdom. Residents of Solihull and those born in the town are referred to as Silhillians The motto of Solihull is Urbs in Rure.
/m/07kb5	Thomas Aquinas, OP, also Thomas of Aquin or Aquino, was an Italian Dominican friar and priest and an immensely influential philosopher and theologian in the tradition of scholasticism, within which he is also known as the \"Doctor Angelicus\", \"Doctor Communis\", and \"Doctor Universalis\". \"Aquinas\" is from the county of Aquino, an area his family held land in until 1137. He was born in Roccasecca, Italy.\nHe was the foremost classical proponent of natural theology, and the father of Thomism. His influence on Western thought is considerable, and much of modern philosophy was conceived in development or refutation of his ideas, particularly in the areas of ethics, natural law, metaphysics, and political theory. Unlike many currents in the Church of the time, Thomas embraced several ideas put forward by Aristotle — whom he referred to as \"the Philosopher\" — and attempted to synthethise Aristotelian philosophy with the principles of Christianity. The works for which he is best known are the Summa Theologica and the Summa contra Gentiles. His commentaries on Sacred Scripture and on Aristotle are an important part of his body of work. Furthermore, Thomas is distinguished for his eucharistic hymns which form a part of the Church's liturgy.
/m/02hblj	Carlos Jaime Alazraqui is an American stand-up comedian, actor, singer, impressionist, voice artist, and comedian, possibly best known as Deputy James Garcia on Reno 911!. His extensive voice-over work includes the role of Bobbi Fabulous on Phineas and Ferb, the Taco Bell chihuahua in the Taco Bell commercials, Denzel Q. Crocker and Juandissimo Magnifico on The Fairly OddParents!, Rocko and Spunky on Rocko's Modern Life, Lazlo and Clam in Camp Lazlo, Mike Wazowski in Monsters, Inc: The Series and as Mr. Weed in Family Guy.
/m/02m97n	Vickers-Armstrongs Limited was a British engineering conglomerate formed by the merger of the assets of Vickers Limited and Sir W G Armstrong Whitworth & Company in 1927. The majority of the company was nationalised in the 1960s and 1970s, with the remainder being divested as Vickers plc in 1977.
/m/016tvq	The Cosby Show is an American television sitcom starring Bill Cosby, which aired for eight seasons on NBC from September 20, 1984 until April 30, 1992. The show focuses on the Huxtable family, an upper middle-class African-American family living in Brooklyn, New York.\nAccording to TV Guide, the show \"was TV's biggest hit in the 1980s, and almost single-handedly revived the sitcom genre and NBC's ratings fortunes\". Entertainment Weekly stated that The Cosby Show helped to make possible a larger variety of shows with a predominantly African-American cast, from In Living Color to The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air.\nThe Cosby Show was based on comedy routines in Cosby's stand-up act, which in turn were based on his family life. The show helped inspire a number of later sitcoms starring a stand-up comedian and based around that comedian's onstage persona, including highly successful series such as Roseanne, Seinfeld, Home Improvement and Everybody Loves Raymond. The show spawned the spin-off A Different World, which ran for six seasons from 1987 to 1993.
/m/02p0s5r	A psychiatrist is a physician who specializes in psychiatry. A psychiatrist specializes in the diagnosis and treatment of mental disorders. Psychiatrists are medical doctors who must evaluate patients to determine whether or not their symptoms are the result of a physical illness, a combination of physical and mental, or a strictly psychiatric one. In order to do this, they may employ the psychiatric examination itself, a physical exam, brain imaging, magnetic resonance imaging, and positron emission tomography scanning, and blood laboratories. Psychiatrists prescribe medicine, and may also use psychotherapy, although the vast majority do medical management and refer to a psychologist or another specialized therapist for weekly to bi-monthly psychotherapy.
/m/05_5rjx	Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil is a 1997 American drama film directed by Clint Eastwood, and an adaptation of the book of the same name by John Berendt, which was based on real-life events that took place in Savannah, Georgia in the 1980s. The film features Kevin Spacey as Jim Williams, a man on trial for murder, and John Cusack as John Kelso, a reporter covering the case.\nSeveral changes were made from the book. Many of the more colorful characters were eliminated or made into composite characters. The reporter, played by John Cusack, was based upon Berendt, but was given a love interest not featured in the book, played by Eastwood's daughter Alison Eastwood. The multiple Williams trials were combined into one on-screen trial. Jim Williams' real life attorney Sonny Seiler appeared in the movie in the role of Judge White, the presiding judge at the trial.\nAdvertising for the film became a source of controversy when Warner Bros. used elements of Jack Leigh's famous photograph in its movie posters without his permission.
/m/01g7zj	Mexican Americans are Americans of full or partial Mexican descent. As of July 2012, Mexican Americans make up 10.9% of the United States' population with over 34 million Americans listed as being of full or partial Mexican ancestry. As of July 2012, Mexican Americans comprise 64.3% of all Hispanics and Latinos in the United States.\nThe United States is home to the second largest Mexican community in the world second only to Mexico itself comprising nearly 22% of the entire Mexican origin population of the world. Canada is a distant third with a small but fast-growing Mexican Canadian population of 96,055 as of 2011.\nIn addition, as of 2008 there were approximately 7,000,000 undocumented Mexicans living in the United States. Upgrading their legal status became a major issue in 2013. Over 60% of all Mexican Americans reside in the states of California and Texas.
/m/02b1hq	Farnborough Football Club is an English football team currently in the Conference South after finishing top of Southern League Premier Division in 2009–10. Their home ground is known as Cherrywood Road, based in Farnborough, Hampshire. Their primary colours are all yellow with blue trim. Farnborough FC is a Phoenix Club, founded out of the demise of Farnborough Town F.C. in 2007.
/m/04088s0	The Connecticut Huskies men's basketball program is the intercollegiate men's basketball team of the University of Connecticut, in Storrs, Connecticut. They currently play in the American Athletic Conference.\nThe Huskies have won 3 NCAA Tournament Championships, which ties the program for sixth-most all-time. The Huskies have also won seven Big East Tournament Championships and ten Big East regular season titles. Numerous players have gone on to achieve professional success after their time at UConn, including Ray Allen and Rudy Gay. The Huskies have participated in 4 NCAA Final Fours and appeared in the NCAA tournament 31 times. The team has been a number one seed in the NCAA Tournament 5 times, most recently in 2009.
/m/01tffp	The Lebanese Civil War was a multifaceted civil war in Lebanon, lasting from 1975 to 1990 and resulting in an estimated 120,000 fatalities. Today approximately 76,000 people remain displaced within Lebanon. There was also a mass exodus of almost one million people from Lebanon as a result of the war.\nBefore the war, Lebanon was multisectarian, with Sunnis dominating the coasts, Shias dominating the south, while the government of Lebanon had been dominated by Maronite Christians. The link between politics and religion had been reinforced under the mandate of the French colonial powers from 1920 to 1943, and the parliamentary structure favoured a leading position for the Christians. However, the country had a large Muslim population and many pan-Arabist and Left Wing groups which opposed the pro-western government. The establishment of the state of Israel and the displacement of a hundred thousand Palestinian refugees to Lebanon changed the demographic balance in favour of the Muslim population. The Cold War had a powerful disintegrative effect on Lebanon, which was closely linked to the polarization that preceded the 1958 political crisis, since Maronites sided with the West while Left Wing and pan-Arab groups sided with Soviet aligned Arab countries.
/m/0knjh	Serge Gainsbourg was a French singer, songwriter, poet, composer, artist, actor and director. Regarded as one of the most important figures in French popular music, he was renowned for his often provocative and scandalous releases, as well as his diverse artistic output, which embodied genres ranging from jazz, mambo, world, chanson, pop and yé-yé, to rock and roll, progressive rock, reggae, disco and new wave. Gainsbourg's varied musical style and individuality make him difficult to categorize although his legacy has been firmly established and he is often regarded as one of the world's most influential popular musicians.\nHis lyrical work incorporated a vast amount of clever word play to hoodwink the listener, often for humorous, provocative, satirical or subversive reasons. Common types of word play in his songs include mondegreen, onomatopoeia, rhyme, spoonerism, dysphemism, paraprosdokian and pun.
/m/0192hw	Baraka is a 1992 non-narrative documentary film directed by Ron Fricke. The film is often compared to Koyaanisqatsi, the first of the Qatsi films by Godfrey Reggio for which Fricke was cinematographer. Baraka was the first film in over twenty years to be photographed in the 70mm Todd-AO format, and the first film ever to be restored and scanned at 8K resolution.
/m/0ccvx	Queens is the easternmost of the five boroughs of New York City, the largest in area, and the second-largest in population. The borough of Queens has been coterminous with Queens County since 1899. The county is now the second most populous county in New York State, as well as the fourth-most densely populated county in the United States. Queens sit on the west end of geographic Long Island. Queens is the most ethnically diverse urban area in the world with a population of over 2.2 million, 48% of whom are foreign-born, representing over 100 different nations and speaking over 138 different languages.\nIf each New York City borough were an independent city, Queens would be America's fourth most populous city, after Los Angeles, Chicago, and Brooklyn. Queens has the second-largest and most diversified economy of all the five boroughs of New York City.\nThe differing character in the neighborhoods of Queens is reflected by its diverse housing stock ranging from high-density apartment buildings, especially prominent in the more urban areas of central and western Queens, such as Astoria, Long Island City, and Ridgewood, to large free-standing single-family homes, common in the eastern part of the borough, in neighborhoods that have a more suburban layout like neighboring Nassau County, such as Little Neck, Douglaston, and Bayside.
/m/03d6fyn	Activision Blizzard, Inc. is the American holding company for Activision and Blizzard Entertainment. In 2009 Activision Blizzard was the world's second-largest gaming company by revenue after Nintendo.
/m/0hsph	Northern Dancer was a Canadian-bred Thoroughbred racehorse who won the Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes and who became the most successful sire of the 20th Century. The National Thoroughbred Racing Association calls him \"one of the most influential sires in Thoroughbred history\".\nA bay colt, Northern Dancer was by Nearctic and his dam, Natalma, was by Native Dancer. In 1952, Edward P. Taylor, Canadian business magnate and owner of Windfields Farm, attended the December sale at Newmarket, England where he purchased Lady Angela, a mare in foal to leading English-based sire Nearco. The following spring, Taylor sent Lady Angela to be bred to Nearco again, then shipped her to his farm in Canada later in 1953. In 1954, Lady Angela foaled a colt in Canada named Nearctic, who was voted the 1958 Sovereign Award for Horse of the Year.\nAt the yearling sales at Windfields in Toronto, Ontario, the diminutive Northern Dancer didn't find a buyer at the $25,000 reserve price, so he eventually joined the Windfields Farm racing stable.
/m/05218gr	Joseph C. Wright was an American art director. He won two Academy Awards and was nominated for ten more in the category Best Art Direction. He worked on 86 films between 1923 and 1969.\nHe was born in Chicago, Illinois and died in Oceanside, California.
/m/02q6gfp	La Vie en Rose, is a 2007 French biographical film about the life of French singer Édith Piaf co-written, and directed by Olivier Dahan. Marion Cotillard stars as Piaf. The title La Vie en Rose comes from Piaf's signature song. The film won five Césars, including one for Best Actress, and Cotillard won an Academy Award for her performance, marking the first time an Oscar had been given for a French-language role. She is also the first French actress to win a Comedy or Musical Golden Globe for a foreign language role. La Vie en Rose became one of the only French films to win more than one Oscar; the other being for Makeup.
/m/014lc_	Star Trek: Nemesis is a 2002 American science fiction film released by Paramount Pictures. It is the tenth feature film in the Star Trek franchise and the last of the Star Trek films to include the entire main cast of the Star Trek: The Next Generation television series. It was directed by Stuart Baird and written by John Logan. The crew of the USS Enterprise-E are forced to deal with a threat to the United Federation of Planets from a Reman clone of Captain Picard named Shinzon who has taken control of the Romulan Star Empire in a coup d'état.\nPrincipal photography took place from November 2001 to March 2002. Jerry Goldsmith composed the film's score. The film was released in North America on December 13, 2002. The film received generally mixed reviews, with publications criticizing the film for being the least successful in the Star Trek franchise. The film went on to earn $67,312,826 worldwide and was a financial failure. Following the failure of the film and the cancellation of Star Trek: Enterprise, Berman and Erik Jendresen began development on the unproduced Star Trek: The Beginning. Three years later, Viacom split from CBS Corporation and Paramount eventually rebooted the film series in 2009 with Star Trek by J. J. Abrams.
/m/0f2wj	Hollywood is a district in the central region of Los Angeles, California.\nIt is notable for its place as the home of the entertainment industry, including several of its historic studios. Its name has come to represent the motion picture industry of the United States. Hollywood is also a highly ethnically diverse, densely populated, economically diverse neighborhood and retail business district.\nHollywood was a small community in 1870 and was incorporated as a municipality in 1903. It merged with the City of Los Angeles in 1910, and soon thereafter a film industry began to emerge, eventually becoming dominant in the world.
/m/05f4m9q	The Razzie Award for Worst Director is an award presented at the annual Golden Raspberry Awards to the worst director of the previous year. The following is a list of nominees and recipients of that award, along with the film for which they were nominated. As of the 2011 awards, the only directors with multiple wins are John Derek and M. Night Shyamalan, with two Razzies each.\nTo date, there are only two winners that accepted their awards in person. They are Paul Verhoeven of Showgirls, and Tom Green of Freddy Got Fingered.
/m/01w65s	The Chicago metropolitan area, or Chicagoland, is the metropolitan area associated with the city of Chicago, Illinois, and its suburbs. It is the area that is closely linked to the city through geographic, social, economic, and cultural ties.\nThere are several definitions of the area, including the area defined by the Office of Management and Budget as the Chicago-Joliet-Naperville, IL-IN-WI Metropolitan Statistical Area, and the area under the jurisdiction of the Chicago Metropolitan Agency for Planning. The population of the Chicago CSA is over 9.8 million people.
/m/0j603	Mysore is the third-largest city in the state of Karnataka, India, which served as the capital city of Mysore Princely Kingdom for nearly six centuries, from 1399 until 1947. Located at the base of the Chamundi Hills about 146 km southwest of the state capital Bangalore, it is spread across an area of 128.42 km². According to the provisional results of the 2011 national census of India, the population of Mysore is 887,446; of which male and female are 443,813 and 443,633 respectively. The total population of the urban agglomeration is 983,893, of which 493,692 are males and 490,201 are females.Mysore City Corporation is responsible for the civic administration of the city, which is also the headquarters of the Mysore district and the Mysore division.\nThe Kingdom of Mysore was ruled by the Wodeyar dynasty, except for a brief and illustrious period in the late 18th century when Hyder Ali and Tipu Sultan were the distinguished rulers. Patrons of art and culture, the Wodeyars contributed significantly to the cultural growth of the city. The cultural ambience and achievements of Mysore earned it the sobriquet Cultural capital of Karnataka.
/m/027vps	Joseph Leo Mankiewicz was a film director, screenwriter, and producer. Mankiewicz had a long Hollywood career, and twice won the Academy Award for both Best Director and Best Writing, Screenplay, for A Letter to Three Wives and All About Eve.
/m/01756d	Surf music is a genre of popular music associated with surf culture, particularly as found in Orange County and other areas of Southern California. It was especially popular from 1961 to 1966, has subsequently been revived and was highly influential on subsequent rock music. It has two major forms: largely instrumental surf rock, with an electric guitar or saxophone playing the main melody, largely pioneered by Dick Dale and the Del-Tones, and vocal surf pop, including both surf ballads and dance music, often with strong harmonies that are most associated with the Beach Boys. Many notable surf bands have been equally noted for both surf instrumental and surf pop music, so surf music is generally considered as a single genre despite the variety of these styles. During the later stages of the surf music craze, many groups started to leave surfing behind and write songs about cars and girls; this was later known as hot rod rock. Surf music is often referred to as simply surf rock, even though the genre has many forms.
/m/0cdbq	The Russian Empire was a state that existed from 1721 until overthrown by a liberal revolution in 1917. One of the largest empires in world history, stretching over three continents, the Russian Empire was surpassed in landmass only by the British and Mongol empires. It played a major role in 1812-14 in defeating Napoleon's ambitions to control Europe, and expanded to the west and south. It was often in conflict with the Ottoman Empire.\nAt the beginning of the 19th century, it extended from the Arctic Ocean in the north to the Black Sea on the south, from the Baltic Sea on the west to the Pacific Ocean, and into Alaska in North America on the east. With 125.6 million subjects registered by the 1897 census, it had the third largest population in the world at the time, after Qing China and the British Empire. Like all empires, it included a large disparity in terms of economics, ethnicity, and religion. There were numerous dissident elements, who launched numerous rebellions and assassination attempts; they were closely watched by the secret police, with thousands exiled to Siberia. Economically it was heavily rural with low productivity on large estates worked by serfs, until they were freed in 1863. The economy slowly industrialized with the help of foreign investments in railways and factories. The land was ruled by a nobility called Boyars from the 10th through the 17th centuries, and then was ruled by an emperor called the \"Tsar\". Tsar Ivan III laid the groundwork for the empire that later emerged. He tripled the territory of his state, ended the dominance of the Golden Horde, renovated the Moscow Kremlin, and laid the foundations of the Russian state. Tsar Peter the Great fought numerous wars and built a huge empire that became a major European power. He moved the capital from Moscow to the new model city of St. Petersburg, and led a cultural revolution that replaced some of the traditionalist and medieval social and political system with a modern, scientific, Europe-oriented, and rationalist system. Catherine the Great presided over a golden age. She expanded the nation rapidly by conquest, colonization and diplomacy. She continued Peter the Great's policy of modernisation along West European lines. Tsar Alexander II promoted numerous reforms, most dramatically the emancipation of all 23 million serfs in 1861. His policy in Eastern Europe was to protect the Orthodox Christians under the rule of the Ottoman Empire. That involvement by 1914 led to Russia's entry into the First World War on the side of Serbia and the Allies, and against the German, Austrian and Ottoman empires. Russia was an absolute monarchy until the Revolution of 1905 and then became a constitutional monarchy. The empire collapsed during the February Revolution of 1917, the result of massive failures in its participation in the Great War.
/m/02z5x7l	Evangelion: 1.0 You Are (Not) Alone is a 2007 Japanese animated film written and chief directed by Hideaki Anno. It is the first of four films released in the Rebuild of Evangelion tetralogy based on the original anime series Neon Genesis Evangelion. It was produced and co-distributed by Anno's Studio Khara in partnership with Gainax. Hideaki Anno wrote the first movie and is the general director and manager for the entire project. Yoshiyuki Sadamoto provided character designs for the film, while Ikuto Yamashita provided mechanical designs. Both Shinji Higuchi and Tomoki Kyoda provided the film's storyboards.\nThe film focuses on a young teenager named Shinji Ikari, who is asked to pilot a mecha known as \"Evangelion Unit-01\" to protect the world from mysterious creatures known as Angels. The plot is largely a point-for-point adaptation of the first six episodes of the original anime. While some scenes and events are replications of the original series, others unfold differently with new or omitted scenes and newly-available 3D CG technology. The film received a positive response from fans, with Hideaki Anno himself calling it a \"faithful remake of the original series\". The film was ranked as the 4th-highest grossing anime film at the Japanese box office during 2007, earning a total of 2 billion yen.
/m/07c9s	Tamil is a Dravidian language spoken predominantly by Tamil people of South India and North-east Sri Lanka. It has official status in the Indian states of Tamil Nadu, Puducherry and Andaman and Nicobar Islands. It was once given nominal official status in the state of Haryana, purportedly as a rebuff to Punjab, though there was no attested Tamil-speaking population in the state, and was later replaced by Punjabi. Tamil is also an official language of Sri Lanka and an official language of Singapore It is legalized as one of the languages of medium of education in Malaysia along with English, Malay and Mandarin. It is also chiefly spoken in the states of Kerala, Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh and Andaman and Nicobar Islands as one of the secondary languages. It is one of the 22 scheduled languages of India and was the first Indian language to be declared a classical language by the Government of India in 2004. Tamil is also spoken by significant minorities in Malaysia, England, Mauritius, Canada, South Africa, Fiji, Germany, Philippines, United States, Netherlands, Mauritius, Indonesia, and Réunion as well as emigrant communities around the world.
/m/06wbm8q	Rise of the Guardians is a 2012 American 3D computer-animated fantasy film based on William Joyce's The Guardians of Childhood book series and The Man in the Moon short film by Joyce and Reel FX. Peter Ramsey directed the film, while Joyce and Guillermo del Toro were executive producers. Produced by DreamWorks Animation and distributed by Paramount Pictures, it was released on November 21, 2012 and received mixed to positive reviews, but was disappointing financially, contributing to a studio writedown of $83 million for the quarter and the layoffs of 350 employees.\nSet about 300 years after the book series, the film tells a story about Guardians Santa Claus, the Tooth Fairy, the Easter Bunny, and the Sandman, who enlist Jack Frost to stop Pitch Black from engulfing the world in darkness. It features the voices of Chris Pine, Alec Baldwin, Hugh Jackman, Isla Fisher and Jude Law. The film was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Animated Feature Film. This is the last film by DreamWorks Animation to be distributed by Paramount Pictures.
/m/023322	William Scott \"Bill\" Bruford is an English drummer, percussionist, composer, producer, and record label owner. He was the original drummer for the progressive rock group Yes, from 1968-1972. Bruford has performed for numerous popular acts since the early 1970s, including a stint as touring drummer for Genesis in 1976. Following his departure from Yes and at various times until 1997, Bruford was the drummer for progressive rock band King Crimson. Bruford moved away from progressive rock to concentrate on jazz, leading his own jazz group, Earthworks, for several years. He retired from public performance in 2009, but continues to run his two record labels and to speak and write about music. His autobiography, Bill Bruford: The Autobiography, was published in early 2009.
/m/02wf01	The French Army, officially the Armée de Terre, is the land-based and largest component of the French Armed Forces. Just like the Armée de l'Air, the Marine Nationale and the Gendarmerie Nationale, it is placed under the responsibility of the French government. The current Chief of Staff of the French Army (CEMAT) is general Bertrand Ract-Madoux. All soldiers are considered professionals following the suspension of conscription, voted in parliament in 1997 and made effective in 2001.\nAs of early 2013, the French Army employs 119,070 personnel (including the French Foreign Legion). In addition, the reserve element of the French Army consisted of; 16,006 personnel of the Operational Reserve and 9,522 personnel of the Citizens Reserve.
/m/0bx6zs	The 52nd Annual Primetime Emmy Awards were held Sunday, September 10, 2000. The awards show was hosted by Garry Shandling and was broadcast on ABC. Nominees are listed below; winners are in bold. Two networks, Bravo and The WB, received their first major nominations. This remains the only year in which a show from The WB or its descendants received a major nomination.\nFor its second season, Will & Grace won Outstanding Comedy Series and led all comedy series with three major wins overall. Ally McBeal became the first defending champion, that wasn't cancelled or ended, that failed to be nominated for Outstanding Comedy Series since Get Smart in 1970.\nThe drama field was dominated by first year series The West Wing. In addition to winning Outstanding Drama Series it won five major awards total, leading all shows. When adding The West Wing 's technical categories it won nine awards, a record that still stands.
/m/05h4t7	Silver Pictures is an American film production company founded by Hollywood producer Joel Silver during 1985. All movies after Ricochet have been distributed by Warner Bros. and its subsidiary New Line Cinema.\nIn 2012, Joel Silver and Warner Bros. ended their 25-year production, marketing, and distribution relationship. This is due to Joel Silver growing increasingly upset with how Warner Bros. had been handling the marketing and releasing of the films his company produced.\nIn 2012, Joel Silver and Universal Pictures struck a 5-year marketing and distribution deal, starting with the Liam Neeson action thriller Non-Stop on February 28, 2014. Universal Pictures will not be a production partner with Silver Pictures, only a distributor.
/m/04h54p	The Singapore national football team is the national association football team of Singapore. The team comes under the organization of the Football Association of Singapore\nThe most significant successes of the team have come in the regional AFF Suzuki Cup, which Singapore has won four times in 1998, 2005, 2007 and 2012. Singapore is the first team to achieve this feat and the only team to win in all the finals they played. In 1998, Singapore beat Vietnam 1–0 in the final to capture the country's first major international football title. In the 2004-05 competition, Singapore defeated Indonesia in a two-leg final 5–2 on aggregate. Singapore retained the trophy in 2007, beating Thailand 3–2 on aggregate in the final. In the 2012 AFF Suzuki Cup, Singapore won the trophy a record 4th time, again defeating three-time champions Thailand 3-2 on aggregate in the final.\nIn the 2007 Asian Cup qualifiers, Singapore became the only team to beat Iraq en route to their Asian Cup winning campaign. Singapore also drew with China 0–0 and 1–1 at home in 2006 and 2009 respectively. In March 2008, Australia also failed to beat Singapore when the game ended in a goalless draw.
/m/08z84_	Sunsoft is a Japanese video game developer founded on April 16, 1971 as a division of Sun Corporation, itself a division of Sun Electronics, or Sun Denshi Corporation in Japan.
/m/05j12n	Suresh Gopinathan, commonly known as Suresh Gopi, is an Indian film actor who has starred in more than 190 Malayalam films.\nHe is famous for his roles in police dramas and family action-dramas, with films such as Ekalavyan, Commissioner, Lelam, and Pathram. He is noted for his leading roles as much as his character roles. The role of Kannan Perumalayan in Kaliyattam won him the National Film Award for Best Actor. He is also famous for his philanthropic efforts. In 2012, he became the host of the Asianet game show Ningalkkum Aakaam Kodeeshwaran.
/m/06qc5	Sound is a vibration that propagates as a mechanical wave of pressure and displacement, through some medium. Sometimes sound refers to only those vibrations with frequencies that are within the range of hearing for humans or for a particular animal.
/m/0f2w0	San Antonio is the seventh most populous city in the United States of America and the second most populous city in the state of Texas, with a population of 1.3 million. It was the fastest growing of the top 10 largest cities in the United States from 2000-2010, and the second from 1990-2000. The city is located in the American Southwest, the south–central part of Texas, and the southwestern corner of an urban region known as the Texas Triangle.\nSan Antonio serves as the seat of Bexar County. The city has characteristics of other western urban centers in which there are sparsely populated areas and a low density rate outside of the city limits. San Antonio is the center of the San Antonio–New Braunfels Metropolitan Statistical Area. Commonly referred to as Greater San Antonio, the metropolitan area has a population of over 2.23 million based on the 2012 U.S. Census estimate, making it the 25th-largest metropolitan area in the United States and third-largest in the state of Texas. Growth along the Interstate 35 and Interstate 10 corridors to the north, west and east make it likely that the metropolitan area will continue to expand.\nSan Antonio was named for Saint Anthony of Padua, whose feast day is on June 13, when a Spanish expedition stopped in the area in 1691. Famous for Spanish missions, the Alamo, the River Walk, the Tower of the Americas, the Alamo Bowl, Marriage Island and host to SeaWorld and Six Flags Fiesta Texas theme parks, the city is visited by approximately 26 million tourists per year according to the San Antonio Convention and Visitors Bureau. The city is home to the four-time NBA champion San Antonio Spurs and the annual San Antonio Stock Show & Rodeo, one of the largest in the country.
/m/022yb4	Jimmy Smits is an American actor. Smits is perhaps best known for his roles as attorney Victor Sifuentes on the 1980s legal drama L.A. Law, as NYPD Detective Bobby Simone on the 1990s police drama NYPD Blue, and as Matt Santos on The West Wing. He is also notable for his portrayal of Bail Organa in the Star Wars prequel trilogy, and Miguel Prado in Dexter. In the fall of 2010, he starred in NBC's short-lived series Outlaw, about a U.S. Supreme Court justice who leaves the bench to return to practicing law. In 2012, he joined the cast of Sons of Anarchy as high-level pimp Nero Padilla.
/m/019lty	Clube de Regatas do Flamengo, commonly referred to as Flamengo, is a Brazilian football club based in Rio de Janeiro. They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A, Brazil's national league, and is one of the only five clubs to have never been relegated to the second division, along with Santos, São Paulo, Internacional and Cruzeiro.\nThe club was established in 1885, although it did not play its first official game until 1912. Flamengo is one of the most successful clubs in Brazilian football, it has won 6 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A titles and 3 Copa do Brasil titles. Due to its low capacity, Flamengo's home stadium, Gávea, is rarely used and the club ops for the government-owned Maracanã, the biggest football stadium in Brazil, with a capacity of 78,838.\nIts traditional playing colors are red and black hooped shirts with white shorts and red and black hooped socks. In 1981, Flamengo became the first Carioca team to win the Copa Libertadores, the most prestigious laurel in South American football, the team, subsequently known as the Geração de Ouro, defeated Cobreloa 2–0 in the Estadio Centenario in Montevideo to became champions of America. That same year, Flamengo became world champions after defeating Liverpool 3-0 in Tokyo.
/m/063472	Joseph Herman Pasternak was a Hungarian-born American film producer in Hollywood.\nBorn to a Jewish family in Szilágysomlyó, Austria-Hungary, Pasternak was a successful film producer in Germany and Austria by the time he was 28 years old. He worked for Universal Pictures in Europe, where he made German-language musicals for the international market. He hit upon a successful formula, building light musical comedies around an adolescent soprano.\nFollowing the establishment of the Nazi regime, Pasternak emigrated to Universal's Hollywood studio in 1936. He adapted his usual format for English-speaking audiences, casting 14-year-old Canadian singer Deanna Durbin in Three Smart Girls. The film became a huge hit and reputedly saved Universal from bankruptcy. Pasternak produced a string of Durbin musicals, and soon discovered another talented soprano, Gloria Jean. who began her own series in 1939. Pasternak proved to be a real asset for the studio, generating a number of popular films, including Destry Rides Again and Seven Sinners.\nIn 1941 he moved to Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, where he sat on the executive committee and was regarded one of the three most important persons in the company, alongside Louis B. Mayer and Vice President Sam Katz. At MGM he continued to produce operetta films, featuring the rich singing voices of Kathryn Grayson and Jane Powell, although his biggest MGM success came with The Great Caruso, a vehicle for and Mario Lanza, another MGM star.
/m/0bm70b	This is a list of winners and nominations for the Tony Award for Best Direction of a Musical. Prior to 1960, category for direction included plays and musicals.
/m/02h8p8	The Chunichi Dragons are a professional baseball team based in Nagoya, the chief city in the Chubu region of Japan. The team is in the Central League. They won the 2007 Japan Series and 2007 Asia Series.
/m/01ckrr	The Grammy Award for Best Rock Instrumental Performance was an honor presented to recording artists for quality instrumental rock performances at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position\".\nThe award was first presented at the 22nd Grammy Awards in 1980 to Paul McCartney and the band Wings for \"Rockestra Theme\". From 1986 to 1989, the category was known as Best Rock Instrumental Performance. According to the category description guide for the 52nd Grammy Awards, the award is presented to artists \"for newly recorded rock, hard rock or metal instrumental performances\".\nAs of 2011, Jeff Beck holds the records for the most wins, with six. Sting has received three awards, twice as a member of The Police. Two-time recipients include Eric Clapton, Carlos Santana, The Flaming Lips, Steve Vai, and brothers Jimmie Vaughan and Stevie Ray Vaughan. At the 51st Grammy Awards, the tribute act Zappa Plays Zappa earned an award for their performance of Frank's instrumental song \"Peaches en Regalia\". Dweezil and Frank have both received multiple nominations and even competed against one another in 1988. Joe Satriani holds the record for the most nominations, with fourteen.
/m/0k3jc	Hampden County is a non-governmental county located in the Pioneer Valley of the U.S. state of Massachusetts. As of the 2010 census, Hampden County's population was 463,490. Its traditional county seat is Springfield, the Connecticut River Valley's largest city, and economic and cultural capital. Hampden County was split from Hampshire County in 1812, because Northampton, Massachusetts was made Hampshire County's \"shire town\" in 1794; however, Springfield - theretofore Hampshire County's traditional shire town, dating back to its founding in 1636 - grew at a pace far quicker than Northampton and was granted shire town-status over its own, southerly jurisdiction. To the north of Hampden County is modern-day Hampshire County; to the south is Hartford County, Connecticut. To the west of Hampden County is Berkshire County; to the east is Worcester County.\nHampden County is part of the Springfield Metropolitan Statistical Area. It is the most urban county in Western Massachusetts. The Knowledge Corridor surrounding Springfield-Hartford is New England's second most populous urban area with 1.9 million people.
/m/03cfkrw	The End of the Affair is a 1999 drama film directed by Neil Jordan and starring Ralph Fiennes, Julianne Moore and Stephen Rea.\nThe film is based on The End of the Affair, a 1951 novel by British author Graham Greene.
/m/0fj9f	A politician, political leader, or political figure is a person who is involved in influencing public policy and decision making. This includes people who hold decision-making positions in government, and people who seek those positions, whether by means of election, inheritance, coup d'état, appointment, conquest, or other means. Politics is not limited to governance through public office. Political offices may also be held in corporations. In civil uprisings, politicians may be called freedom fighters. In media campaigns, politicians are often referred to as activists.
/m/0ldpy	Adolescence is a transitional stage of physical and psychological human development that generally occurs during the period from puberty to legal adulthood. The period of adolescence is most closely associated with the teenage years, though its physical, psychological and cultural expressions may begin earlier and end later. For example, although puberty has been historically associated with the onset of adolescent development, it now typically begins prior to the teenage years and there has been a normative shift of it occurring in preadolescence, particularly in females. Physical growth, as distinct from puberty, and cognitive development generally seen in adolescence, can also extend into the early twenties. Thus chronological age provides only a rough marker of adolescence, and scholars have found it difficult to agree upon a precise definition of adolescence.\nA thorough understanding of adolescence in society depends on information from various perspectives, most importantly from the areas of psychology, biology, history, sociology, education, and anthropology. Within all of these perspectives, adolescence is viewed as a transitional period between childhood and adulthood, whose cultural purpose is the preparation of children for adult roles. It is a period of multiple transitions involving education, training, employment and unemployment, as well as transitions from one living circumstance to another.
/m/017180	Quills is a 2000 period film directed by Philip Kaufman and adapted from the Obie award-winning play by Doug Wright, who also wrote the original screenplay. Inspired by the life and work of the Marquis de Sade, Quills re-imagines the last years of the Marquis' incarceration in the insane asylum at Charenton. It stars Geoffrey Rush as the Marquis de Sade, Joaquin Phoenix as the Abbé du Coulmier, Michael Caine as Dr. Royer-Collard, and Kate Winslet as laundress Madeleine \"Maddie\" LeClerc.\nWell received by critics, Quills garnered numerous accolades for Rush, including nominations for an Oscar and a Golden Globe. The film was a modest art house success, averaging $27,709 per screen its debut weekend, and eventually grossing $17,989,277 internationally. Cited by historians as factually inaccurate, Quills filmmakers and writers said they were not making a biography of de Sade, but exploring issues such as censorship, pornography, sex, art, mental illness, and religion. It was released with an 18 rating from the British Board of Film Classification due to \"strong horror, violence, sex, sexual violence, and nudity\".
/m/02qydsh	Shrek Forever After is a 2010 American 3D computer-animated fantasy comedy film, and the fourth and final installment in the Shrek series, produced by DreamWorks Animation. The film was released by Paramount Pictures in cinemas on May 20, 2010 in Russia and on May 21, 2010 in the United States. It was also released in 3D and IMAX 3D formats.\nAlthough the film received mixed reviews from critics and opened lower than expected, it remained as the #1 film in the United States and Canada for three consecutive weeks and has grossed a worldwide total of over $752 million, making it a commercial success. Additionally, Shrek Forever After is DreamWorks Animation's second highest-grossing film at the foreign box office surpassed only by Madagascar 3: Europe's Most Wanted. It is also the second highest grossing animated film of 2010, behind Toy Story 3.
/m/0118d3	Racine is a city in and the county seat of Racine County, Wisconsin, United States. It is located on the shore of Lake Michigan at the mouth of the Root River. As of the 2012 U.S. census, the city had a population of 78,303, making it the fifth-largest city in Wisconsin. Its median home price of $103,625 makes it the least expensive city in Wisconsin to buy a home in.\nRacine has long been a factory town with production of J. I. Case, S. C. Johnson & Son, Dremel Corporation, Reliance Controls Corporation, Twin Disc, and Arthur B. Modine. It is home to various immigrant communities. Racine was home to wagon maker Mitchell & Lewis Company in the 19th century. At the start of the 20th century the company began making motorcycles and automobiles as Mitchell-Lewis Motor Company. Racine was also home to the inventor of the InSinkErator, the first garbage disposal. Architects of the city included A. Arthur Guilbert and Edmund Bailey Funston. Malted milk balls were also developed in Racine.\nRacine is also known for having one of the largest crime rates in all of Wisconsin.
/m/07c98	Tamil Nadu is one of the 28 states of India. Its capital is Chennai, the largest city. Tamil Nadu is a land most known for its monumental ancient Hindu temples and classical form of dance Bharata Natyam. Tamil Nadu lies in the southernmost part of the Indian Peninsula and is bordered by the union territory of Puducherry and the states of Kerala, Karnataka, and Andhra Pradesh. It is bounded by the Eastern Ghats on the north, by the Nilgiri, the Anamalai Hills, and Kerala on the west, by the Bay of Bengal in the east, by the Gulf of Mannar and the Palk Strait on the southeast, and by the Indian Ocean on the south.\nTamil Nadu is the eleventh largest state in India by area and the seventh most populous state in India. The state is ranked 6th among states in India according to the Human Development Index as of 2011.\nThe region has been the home of the Tamil people since at least 1500 BC. Its official language is Tamil, which holds a status of being a classical language. Tamil has been in use in inscriptions and literature for over 2500 years. Mythical traditions dictate that Lord Shiva himself taught sage Agastya this language. Sage Agastya is considered to be the father of Tamil literature and compiled the first Tamil grammar called Agathiyam, but the scripts of Agathiyam no longer exist. It is believed that he lived in the 6th or 7th century BC and specialized in language, alchemy, medicine and spirituality. There are 96 books in the name of Agathiyar. Tamil Nadu is home to many natural resources, classical arts, classical music, classical literature, Hindu temples of Dravidian architecture, hill stations, beach resorts, multi-religious pilgrimage sites, and eight UNESCO World Heritage Sites.
/m/0kr5_	Richard Samuel Attenborough, Baron Attenborough, CBE is a British actor, film director, producer and entrepreneur. He is the President of the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art.\nAs a film director and producer, he won two Academy Awards for Gandhi in 1983. He has also won four BAFTA Awards and three Golden Globe Awards. As an actor he is perhaps best known for his roles in Brighton Rock, The Great Escape, 10 Rillington Place, Miracle on 34th Street and Jurassic Park.\nHe is the older brother of Sir David Attenborough, the naturalist and broadcaster, and John Attenborough, who was an executive at Alfa Romeo before his death in 2012.
/m/02qkk9_	The Special Tony Award category includes the Lifetime Achievement Award and Special Tony Award. These are non-competitive honorary awards, and the titles have changed over the years. The Tony Award for Lifetime Achievement in the Theatre is to \"honor an individual for the body of his or her work.\" Another non-competitive Tony award is the Tony Honors for Excellence in Theatre, to \"recognize the achievements of individuals and organizations that do not fit into any of the competitive categories.\"
/m/0432cd	Brian Mannion Dennehy is an American actor of film, stage, and television. He has won one Golden Globe, two Tony Awards and has been nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award six times.
/m/0qb7t	An organization is a social entity that has a collective goal and is linked to an external environment. The word is derived from the Greek word organon, itself derived from the better-known word ergon which means \"organ\" .
/m/012k_9	The Apache License is a free software license written by the Apache Software Foundation. The Apache License requires preservation of the copyright notice and disclaimer. Like other free software licenses, the license allows the user of the software the freedom to use the software for any purpose, to distribute it, to modify it, and to distribute modified versions of the software, under the terms of the license, without concern for royalties.\nThe ASF and its projects release the software they produce under the Apache License. Some non-ASF software is also licensed using the license. In October 2012, 8708 projects located at SourceForge.net were available under the terms of the Apache License. In a blog post from May 2008, Google mentioned that over 25% of the nearly 100,000 projects then hosted on Google Code were using the Apache License, including the Android operating system.
/m/0241wg	Kajol Devgan, known mononymously as Kajol, is an Indian film actress. She has received six Filmfare Awards from eleven nominations, and along with her late aunt Nutan, holds the record for most Best Actress wins at Filmfare, with five. In 2011, the Government of India awarded her with the Padma Shri, the fourth highest civilian award of the country.\nBorn to actress Tanuja and film director Shomu Mukherjee, Kajol made her acting debut with Bekhudi while still in school. She quit her studies to pursue acting, and had her first commercial success with the 1993 thriller Baazigar. She subsequently earned wide public recognition for playing leading roles in several blockbuster family dramas, including Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge, Kuch Kuch Hota Hai, and Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham.... She earned critical appreciation for playing against type in the 1997 mystery film Gupt and the 1998 psychological thriller Dushman. Following a sabbatical from full-time acting in 2001, Kajol returned to film with the 2006 romantic thriller, Fanaa. She continued working infrequently through the rest of the decade, and earned critical acclaim for her work in U Me Aur Hum and My Name Is Khan. She, thus, established herself as one of India's most successful female actors.
/m/026f5s	Tokyo Broadcasting System Holdings, Inc., TBS Holdings, Inc. or TBSHD, is a stockholding company in Tokyo, Japan. It is a parent company of a television network named Tokyo Broadcasting System Television, Inc. and radio network named TBS Radio & Communications, Inc..\nTBS Television, Inc. has a 28-affiliate news network called JNN, as well as a 34-affiliate radio network called JRN which TBS Radio & Communications, Inc. has.\nTBS produced the Takeshi's Castle game show, which is dubbed and rebroadcast in Indonesia, Germany, Britain, Spain, Italy, Finland, Philippines, India and the United States. This network is also home to the many Ultraman.
/m/02dpl9	The City of Lost Children is a 1995 French-German-Spanish science fantasy drama film directed by Marc Caro and Jean-Pierre Jeunet and starring Ron Perlman, who does not speak French, and repeated his lines phonetically as given to him by Caro. The film is stylistically related to the previous and subsequent Jeunet films, Delicatessen and Amélie. The music score was composed by Angelo Badalamenti. It was entered into the 1995 Cannes Film Festival.
/m/03xp8d5	James Lawrence \"Jim\" Brooks is an American director, producer and screenwriter. Growing up in North Bergen, New Jersey, Brooks endured a fractured family life and passed the time by reading and writing. After dropping out of New York University, he got a job as an usher at CBS, going on to write for the CBS News broadcasts. He moved to Los Angeles in 1965 to work on David L. Wolper's documentaries. After being laid off he met producer Allan Burns who secured him a job as a writer on the series My Mother the Car.\nBrooks wrote for several shows before being hired as a story editor on My Friend Tony and later created the series Room 222. Grant Tinker hired Brooks and Burns at MTM Productions to create The Mary Tyler Moore Show in 1970. The show, one of the first to feature an independent working woman as its lead character, was critically acclaimed and won Brooks several Primetime Emmy Awards. Brooks and Burns then created two successful spin-offs from Mary Tyler Moore in the shape of Rhoda and Lou Grant. Brooks left MTM Productions in 1978 to co-create the sitcom Taxi which, despite winning multiple Emmys, suffered from low ratings and was canceled twice.
/m/02rk3gn	Panserraikos F.C., the All-Serran Football Club, is the football club of Serres in Macedonia, Greece. Panserraikos was formed in 1964 when two local clubs, Iraklis and Apollon, merged. Their current home ground is Serres Municipal Stadium, built in 1926. Panserraikos is one of the most important and well-supported clubs in northern Greece, and had had a near-continuous presence in the First Division in the 60's and 70's.\nSince their last relegation in 1992 the club had been struggling in the Beta Ethniki, and were even relegated to the Third Division twice, in 1993 and 1996, yet promptly returning to the second tier on both occasions. The club did come close to promotion a few times, missing out on 5 points in 1998 and on just one point in 2000.\nIn 2008, Panserraikos managed to end a 16-year wait, gaining promotion to the Greek Super League. Managed by Giannis Papakostas, the club had been leading the Second Division table for the most part of the season, even securing a top-three spot with two games to spare – though they had narrowly escaped another relegation in the previous two seasons.\nOn 4 March 2009, Panserraikos won a historic match against Panathinaikos FC in the Olympic Stadium in Athens for the Greek Cup quarter finals with a score of 3–2 after being up 3-0 for 71 minutes. The first match leg ended at a 0–0 score. This amazing result landed Panserraikos a spot in the final 4 of the Greek Cup where they played against AEK Athens FC for a spot in the finals. What made this result so special was that many starters for the team were either injured, or suspended. This was Panserraikos' first time in the semifinals of the Greek Cup. However, Panserraikos was relegated and played once again in the 2009–10 Beta Ethniki. After an indifferent start to their Beta Ethniki campaign, their season has now sparked into life after a surprise 3–1 win over giants Olympiakos in the Fourth Round of 2009–10 Greek Cup making it one of their bigger wins in recent history.
/m/08wjc1	Image Entertainment, Inc. is an American independent licensee, producer and distributor of entertainment programming and film and television productions in North America, with approximately 3,200 exclusive DVD titles and approximately 340 exclusive CD titles in domestic release, and approximately 450 programs internationally via sublicense agreements. For many of its titles, Image has exclusive audio and broadcast rights as well as digital download rights to approximately 2,100 video programs and over 400 audio programs containing more than 6,000 tracks. The company is headquartered in Chatsworth, California.
/m/01tkgy	David V. Hope, known professionally as David Kaye, is a Canadian actor who is most active in voice overs. His most recognized roles include Sesshomaru in the shōnen anime InuYasha, Treize Khushrenada in Mobile Suit Gundam Wing, Megatron in five of the Transformers series, Cronus in Class of the Titans and Clank in the Ratchet & Clank series of video games.
/m/02qw1zx	The 2008 NFL Draft took place at Radio City Music Hall in New York City on April 26 and April 27, 2008. For the 29th consecutive year, ESPN televised the draft; the NFL Network also broadcast the event, its third year doing so. Of the 252 selections, 220 were regular selections in rounds one through seven, and 32 were compensatory selections, distributed among rounds three through seven. For the first time since the common draft began, no wide receiver was selected in the first round. For the first time ever, the first two picks had the same last name. Also, a record 34 trades were made during the draft itself.
/m/02pp1	The England national football team represents England at football and is controlled by The Football Association, the governing body for football in England. England are one of the two oldest national teams in football; alongside Scotland, whom they played in the world's first international football match in 1872. England is one of the United Kingdom's Home Nations, meaning that it is permitted by FIFA to maintain its own national side. England's home ground is Wembley Stadium, London, and the current team manager is Roy Hodgson.\nEngland contest the FIFA World Cup and UEFA European Championship, which alternate biennially. England won the World Cup in 1966, when they hosted the finals, defeating West Germany 4–2 in extra time in the final. Their best performance since has been a semi-final appearance in 1990. England have never won the UEFA European Football Championship – their best performances being semi-final appearances at the 1968 and 1996 Championships.
/m/052gtg	The Province of Turin is a province in the Piedmont region of Italy. Its capital is the city of Turin.\nIt has an area of 6,830 km², and a total population of 2,306,676. There are 315 comuni in the province – the most of any province in Italy. As of December 31, 2010, the largest comuni by population are:
/m/0hcs3	Rickey Nelson Henley Henderson is a retired American baseball outfielder who played in Major League Baseball for nine teams from 1979 to 2003, including four stints with his original team, the Oakland Athletics. Nicknamed \"The Man of Steal\", he is widely regarded as the sport's greatest leadoff hitter and baserunner. He holds the major league records for career stolen bases, runs scored, unintentional walks and leadoff home runs. At the time of his last major league game in 2003, the ten-time American League All-Star ranked among the sport's top 100 all-time home run hitters and was its all-time leader in base on balls. In 2009, he was inducted to the Baseball Hall of Fame on his first ballot appearance.\nHenderson also holds the single-season record for stolen bases and is the only player in AL history to steal 100 bases in a season, having done so three times. His 1,406 career steals is 50% higher than the previous record of 938 by Lou Brock. Henderson is the all-time stolen base leader for the Oakland A's and previously held the New York Yankees' franchise record from 1988 to 2011. He was among the league's top ten base stealers in 21 different seasons.
/m/0c7hq	Campania is a region in southern Italy. The region has a population of around 5.8 million people, making it the second-most-populous region of Italy; its total area of 13,590 km² makes it the most densely populated region in the country. Located on the Italian Peninsula, with the Mediterranean Sea to the west, it includes the small Phlegraean Islands and Capri for administration as part of the region.\nLocated on the Italian Peninsula, Campania was colonised by Ancient Greeks and was part of Magna Græcia. During the Roman era, the area maintained a Greco-Roman culture. The capital city of Campania is Naples. Campania is rich in culture, especially in regards to gastronomy, music, architecture, archeological and ancient sites such as Pompeii, Herculaneum, Paestum and Velia. The name of Campania itself is derived from Latin, as the Romans knew the region as Campania felix, which translates into English as \"fertile countryside\". The rich natural sights of Campania make it highly important in the tourism industry, especially along the Amalfi Coast, Mount Vesuvius and the island of Capri.
/m/027pfg	Big Fish is a 2003 American fantasy drama based on the 1998 novel of the same name by Daniel Wallace. The film was directed by Tim Burton and stars Ewan McGregor, Albert Finney, Billy Crudup, Jessica Lange, and Marion Cotillard. Other roles are performed by Helena Bonham Carter, Matthew McGrory, and Danny DeVito among others. Finney plays Edward Bloom, a former traveling salesman from the Southern United States with a gift for storytelling, now confined to his deathbed. Bloom's estranged son, a journalist played by Crudup, attempts to mend their relationship as his dying father relates tall tales of his eventful life as a young adult, played by Ewan McGregor.\nScreenwriter John August read a manuscript of the novel six months before it was published and convinced Columbia Pictures to acquire the rights. August began adapting the novel while producers negotiated with Steven Spielberg who planned to direct after finishing Minority Report. Spielberg considered Jack Nicholson for the role of Edward Bloom, but eventually dropped the project to focus on Catch Me If You Can. Tim Burton and Richard D. Zanuck took over after completing Planet of the Apes and brought Ewan McGregor and Albert Finney on board.
/m/0133x7	Sarah Ann McLachlan, OC, OBC is a Canadian musician, singer, and songwriter. Known for her emotional ballads and mezzo-soprano vocal range, as of 2009, she has sold over 40 million albums worldwide. McLachlan's best-selling album to date is Surfacing, for which she won two Grammy Awards and four Juno Awards. In addition to her personal artistic efforts, she founded the Lilith Fair tour, which showcased female musicians. The Lilith Fair concert tours took place from 1997 to 1999, and resumed in the summer of 2010. Since 2006 she has also been known as a highly visible supporter of the ASPCA, as well as various other charities.
/m/013pp3	Philip Milton Roth is an American novelist.\nHe first gained attention with the 1959 novella Goodbye, Columbus, an irreverent and humorous portrait of American-Jewish life for which he received the U.S. National Book Award for Fiction. Roth's fiction, regularly set in Newark, New Jersey, is known for its intensely autobiographical character, for philosophically and formally blurring the distinction between reality and fiction, for its \"supple, ingenious style\" and for its provocative explorations of Jewish and American identity. His profile rose significantly in 1969 after the publication of the controversial Portnoy's Complaint, the humorous and sexually explicit psychoanalytical monologue of \"a lust-ridden, mother-addicted young Jewish bachelor,\" filled with \"intimate, shameful detail, and coarse, abusive language.\"\nRoth is one of the most awarded U.S. writers of his generation: his books have twice received the National Book Award, twice the National Book Critics Circle award, and three times the PEN/Faulkner Award. He received a Pulitzer Prize for his 1997 novel, American Pastoral, which featured one of his best-known characters, Nathan Zuckerman, the subject of many other of Roth's novels. The Human Stain, another Zuckerman novel, was awarded the United Kingdom's WH Smith Literary Award for the best book of the year. In 2001, Roth received the inaugural Franz Kafka Prize.
/m/0r6cx	Santa Clara, officially the City of Santa Clara, is a city in Santa Clara County, California. The city's population was 116,468 at the 2010 United States Census, making it the ninth most populous city in the San Francisco Bay Area.\nLocated 45 miles southeast of San Francisco, the city was founded in 1777 and incorporated in 1852. The city is the site of the eighth of 21 California missions, Mission Santa Clara de Asís, and was named after the mission. The Mission and Mission Gardens are located on the grounds of Santa Clara University. Saint Clare is the patron saint of Santa Clara.\nSanta Clara is located in the center of Silicon Valley and is home to the headquarters of several high-tech companies. It is the site of Levi's Stadium, the future home of the National Football League's San Francisco 49ers and site of Super Bowl L. It is also home to Santa Clara University, the oldest institution of higher learning in the state of California. The city is bordered by San Jose, Sunnyvale, and Cupertino.
/m/0466p0j	The 51st Annual Grammy Awards took place at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, on February 8, 2009. Robert Plant and Alison Krauss were the biggest winners of the night, jointly winning five awards including Album of the Year and Record of the Year. Krauss became the sixth female solo artist to have won five Grammys in one evening, following Lauryn Hill, Alicia Keys, Norah Jones, Beyoncé Knowles, and Amy Winehouse. Lil Wayne received the most nominations with eight.\nThe awards broadcast won a 2009 Creative Arts Emmy for Outstanding Sound Mixing for a Variety or Music Series or Special.
/m/091tgz	The Kansas Jayhawks men's basketball program is the intercollegiate men's basketball program of the University of Kansas and is one of the oldest and most successful programs in the history of college basketball. The program is classified in the NCAA's Division I and the team competes in the Big 12 Conference.\nThe Jayhawks' first coach was the inventor of the game, James Naismith, who is, ironically, the only coach in the program's history with a losing record. The Kansas basketball program has produced many notable professional players, including Clyde Lovellette, Wilt Chamberlain, Jo Jo White, Danny Manning, Paul Pierce, and Kirk Hinrich, and coaches. Allen founded the National Association of Basketball Coaches and, with Lonborg, was an early proponent of the NCAA tournament.\nIn 2008, ESPN ranked Kansas second on a list of the most prestigious programs of the modern college basketball era, behind only Duke. Kansas has the longest current streak of consecutive NCAA tournament appearances, has the 2nd longest current streak of winning seasons, has the most winning seasons in Division I history, the most non-losing seasons in NCAA history, the most conference championships in Division I history, the most First Team All Americans in Division I history, and the most First Team All American Selections in Division I history, is third in Division I all-time winning percentage and is second in Division I all-time wins. Following a 19–11 defeat of William Jewell on February 10, 1908, the Jayhawks had a winning all-time record for the first time. The Jayhawks haven't had a losing all-time record since.
/m/04vmqg	Douglas Raymond Stephen Scott, better known as Dougray Scott, is a Scottish actor.
/m/011w54	The Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences, commonly referred to as the Nobel Prize in Economics, is an award for outstanding contributions to the field of economics, generally regarded as the most prestigious award for that field. Although not one of the Nobel Prizes established by the will of Alfred Nobel in 1895, it is identified with them, and prizes are announced with and awarded at the same ceremony.\nThe Prize in Economics was established in 1968 and endowed by Sweden's central bank, the Sveriges Riksbank, on the occasion of the bank's 300th anniversary.\nLike the Nobel Laureates in Chemistry and Physics, Laureates in Economics are selected by the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences, and a Prize Committee similar to the Nobel Committees is used. It was first awarded in 1969 to the Dutch and Norwegian economists Jan Tinbergen and Ragnar Frisch, \"for having developed and applied dynamic models for the analysis of economic processes.\"
/m/03qh03g	Media are the storage and transmission channels or tools used to store and deliver information or data. It is often referred to as synonymous with mass media or news media, but may refer to any means of information communication.
/m/028pzq	Aria Asia Maria Vittoria Rossa Argento is an Italian actress, singer, model, and director.
/m/05_2h8	George S. Barnes, A.S.C. was an American cinematographer from the era of silent films to the early 1950s. Over the course of his career, he was nominated for an Academy Award eight times, including his work on The Devil Dancer with Gilda Gray and Clive Brook. However, he only won once, for his work on the Alfred Hitchcock film Rebecca. He died at the age of 60 in Los Angeles, California after having worked on at least 142 films.\nHe was married to Joan Blondell from 1933 to 1936, and was the father of television executive Norman S. Powell.
/m/09xb4h	Fußballsportverein Frankfurt 1899 e.V., commonly known as simply FSV Frankfurt, is a German association football club based in the Bornheim district of Frankfurt am Main, Hesse and founded in 1899. The club plays in the shadow of larger and much more successful Eintracht Frankfurt. FSV Frankfurt also fielded a highly successful women's team, which was disbanded in 2006.
/m/054yc0	Cannabis, also known as marijuana, and by numerous other names, is a preparation of the cannabis plant intended for use as a psychoactive drug and as medicine. Pharmacologically, the principal psychoactive constituent of cannabis is tetrahydrocannabinol; it is one of 483 known compounds in the plant, including at least 84 other cannabinoids, such as cannabidiol, cannabinol, tetrahydrocannabivarin, and cannabigerol.\nCannabis is often consumed for its psychoactive and physiological effects, which can include heightened mood or euphoria, relaxation, and an increase in appetite. Unwanted side-effects can sometimes include a decrease in short-term memory, dry mouth, impaired motor skills, reddening of the eyes, and feelings of paranoia or anxiety.\nContemporary uses of cannabis are as a recreational or medicinal drug, and as part of religious or spiritual rites; the earliest recorded uses date from the 3rd millennium BC. Since the early 20th century cannabis has been subject to legal restrictions with the possession, use, and sale of cannabis preparations containing psychoactive cannabinoids currently illegal in most countries of the world; the United Nations has said that cannabis is the most-used illicit drug in the world. In 2004, the United Nations estimated that global consumption of cannabis indicated that approximately 4% of the adult world population used cannabis annually, and that approximately 0.6% of people used cannabis daily.
/m/0hsb3	The London School of Economics and Political Science is a public research university specialised in social sciences located in London, United Kingdom, and a constituent college of the federal University of London. Founded in 1895 by Fabian Society members Sidney Webb, Beatrice Webb, Graham Wallas and George Bernard Shaw, LSE joined the University of London in 1900 and first issued degrees to its students in 1902. Despite its name, LSE conducts teaching and research across a range of social sciences, as well as in mathematics, statistics, philosophy and history.\nLSE is located in Westminster, central London, near the boundary between Covent Garden and Holborn in an area historically known as Clare Market. It has around 9,500 full-time students and just over 3,000 staff and had a total income of £263.2 million in 2012/13, of which £23.7 million was from research grants. The School is organised into 24 academic departments and 19 research centres. LSE's library, the British Library of Political and Economic Science, contains over 4 million print volumes, 60,000 online journals and 29,000 electronic books. The Digital Library contains digitised material from LSE Library collections and also born-digital material that has been collected and preserved in digital formats.
/m/0dzfdw	The Tony award for Choreography has been awarded since 1947.
/m/03gyp30	The 14th Annual Screen Actors Guild Awards ceremony, honoring the best in film and television acting achievement for the year 2007, took place on January 27, 2008 and, for the 12th consecutive time was held at the Shrine Exposition Center in Los Angeles, California. It was broadcast live simultaneously by TNT and TBS.\nThe nominees were announced on December 20, 2007 by Jeanne Tripplehorn and Terrence Howard at Los Angeles' Pacific Design Center's Silver Screen Theater.\nInto the Wild received the highest number of nominations among the film categories with four, three for acting and one for ensemble performance. In the television categories The Sopranos, 30 Rock and Ugly Betty had the most nominations with three each.\nThe 2007 Screen Actors Guild Awards was the first to give awards for Outstanding Performance by a Stunt Ensemble in a Motion Picture and Outstanding Performance by a Stunt Ensemble in a Television Series.\nThe 2007 ceremony celebrated the 75th anniversary of the Screen Actors Guild with historical background and film clips presented in segments introduced by Blair Underwood throughout the ceremony. Charles Durning was presented with an award for Lifetime Achievement following accolades by Denis Leary and Burt Reynolds.
/m/01hc9_	Haruki Murakami is a best-selling Japanese writer. His works of fiction and non-fiction have garnered critical acclaim and numerous awards, both in Japan and internationaly, including the World Fantasy Award and the Frank O'Connor International Short Story Award, while his whole oeuvre garnered the Franz Kafka Prize and the Jerusalem Prize, among others. Murakami has also translated a number of English works to Japanese. His notable works include A Wild Sheep Chase, Norwegian Wood, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle, Kafka on the Shore, and 1Q84.\nMurakami's fiction, often criticized by Japan's literary establishment, is frequently surrealistic and nihilistic, marked by a Kafkaesque rendition of themes of loneliness and alienation. He is considered an important figure in postmodern literature. Steven Poole of The Guardian praised Murakami as \"among the world's greatest living novelists\" for his works and achievements.
/m/01s_d4	Hamilton Academical Football Club, often known as Hamilton Accies, or The Accies, are a Scottish football club from Hamilton in South Lanarkshire. They were established in 1874 from the school football team at Hamilton Academy. They remain the only professional club in British football to have originated from a school team.
/m/01pvxl	Anastasia is a 1997 animation adventure drama film written by Susan Gauthier, Bruce Graham, Bob Tzudiker, Noni White and Eric Tuchman and directed by Don Bluth and Gary Goldman.
/m/01vtg4q	Ellas Otha Bates, known by his stage name Bo Diddley, was an American R&B vocalist, guitarist and songwriter. He was also known as The Originator because of his key role in the transition from the blues to rock, influencing a host of acts, including Buddy Holly, Jimi Hendrix, The Rolling Stones, Pink Floyd, The Velvet Underground, The Who, The Yardbirds, The Jesus and Mary Chain, Eric Clapton, Elvis Presley, and The Beatles, among others. He introduced more insistent, driving rhythms and a hard-edged electric guitar sound on a wide-ranging catalog of songs, along with African rhythms and a signature beat that remains a cornerstone of rock and pop. Accordingly, he was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and received Lifetime Achievement Awards from the Rhythm and Blues Foundation and a Grammy Award from the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences. He was known in particular for his technical innovations, including his trademark rectangular guitar.
/m/01gkgk	A Member of Congress is a person who has been appointed or elected and inducted into some official body called congress, typically to represent a particular constituency in a legislature. Member of Parliament is an equivalent term in other jurisdictions.
/m/0j7v_	The Commonwealth of Nations, commonly known as the Commonwealth, is an intergovernmental organisation of 53 member states that were mostly territories of the former British Empire. The Commonwealth operates by intergovernmental consensus of the member states, organised through the Commonwealth Secretariat, and non-governmental organisations, organised through the Commonwealth Foundation.\nThe Commonwealth dates back to the mid 20th century with the decolonization of the British Empire through increased self-governance of its territories. It was formally constituted by the London Declaration in 1949, which established the member states as \"free and equal\". The symbol of this free association is Queen Elizabeth II who is the Head of the Commonwealth, a wholly symbolic position. The Queen is also the monarch of 16 members of the Commonwealth, known as realms. The other members of the Commonwealth have different persons as head of state: 32 members are republics and five members are monarchies.\nMember states have no legal obligation one to another. Instead, they are united by language, history, culture, and their shared values of democracy, human rights, and the rule of law. These values are enshrined in the Commonwealth Charter and promoted by the quadrennial Commonwealth Games. On 3 October 2013, after 48 years of membership, the Gambia became the most recent nation to withdraw from the Commonwealth after the United Kingdom condemned human rights abuses in the country.²
/m/02vzc	Finland, officially the Republic of Finland, is a Nordic country situated in the Fennoscandian region of Northern Europe. It is bordered by Sweden to the west, Norway to the north, Russia to the east, and Estonia to the south across the Gulf of Finland.\nAs of 2012, Finland's population was around 5.4 million, with the majority concentrated in its southern regions. In terms of area, it is the eighth largest country in Europe and the most sparsely populated country in the European Union. Finland is a parliamentary republic with a central government based in the capital of Helsinki, local governments in 336 municipalities and an autonomous region, the Åland Islands. About one million residents live in the Greater Helsinki area, which also produces a third of the country's GDP. Other large cities include Tampere, Turku, Oulu, Jyväskylä, Lahti, and Kuopio.\nFrom the 12th until the early 19th century, Finland was part of Sweden, a legacy reflected in the prevalence of the Swedish language and its official status. It then became an autonomous Grand Duchy within the Russian Empire until the Russian Revolution, which prompted the Finnish Declaration of Independence. This was followed by a civil war where the pro-Bolshevik \"Reds\" were defeated by the pro-conservative \"Whites\" with support from the German Empire. After a brief attempt to establish a monarchy, Finland became a republic. Finland's experience of World War II involved three separate conflicts: the Winter War and Continuation War against the Soviet Union and the Lapland War against Nazi Germany. Following the end of the war, Finland joined the United Nations in 1955 and established an official policy of neutrality. Nevertheless, it remained fairly active on the world stage, joining the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development in 1969, the European Union in 1995, and the eurozone at its inception in 1999.
/m/07g1sm	The Godfather is a 1972 American crime film directed by Francis Ford Coppola and produced by Albert S. Ruddy from a screenplay by Mario Puzo and Coppola. Based on Puzo's 1969 novel of the same name, the film stars Marlon Brando and Al Pacino as the leaders of a fictional New York crime family. The story, spanning the years 1945 to 1955, centers on the transformation of Michael Corleone from reluctant family outsider to ruthless Mafia boss while also chronicling the family under the patriarch Vito Corleone.\nThe Godfather is widely regarded as one of the greatest films in world cinema—and as one of the most influential, especially in the gangster genre. Now ranked as the second greatest film in American cinema by the American Film Institute, it was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry in 1990.\nThe film was for a time the highest grossing picture ever made, and remains the box office leader for 1972. It won three Oscars that year: for Best Picture, for Best Actor and in the category Best Adapted Screenplay for Puzo and Coppola. Its nominations in seven other categories included Pacino, James Caan and Robert Duvall for Best Supporting Actor and Coppola for Best Director. The success spawned two sequels: The Godfather Part II in 1974, and The Godfather Part III in 1990.
/m/01jw67	The Rose is a 1979 American musical drama film which tells the story of a self-destructive 1960s rock star who struggles to cope with the constant pressures of her career and the demands of her ruthless business manager. The film stars Bette Midler, Alan Bates, Frederic Forrest, Harry Dean Stanton, Barry Primus, and David Keith.\nThe story is loosely based on the life of singer Janis Joplin. Originally titled Pearl, after Joplin's nickname, and the title of her last album, it was fictionalized after her family declined to allow the producers the rights to her story. It was written by Bill Kerby, and Bo Goldman from a story by Bill Kerby, and directed by Mark Rydell.\nThe Rose was nominated for four Academy Awards including Best Actor in a Supporting Role, Best Actress in a Leading Role, Best Film Editing and Best Sound.\nMidler performed the soundtrack album for the film, and the title track became one of her biggest hit singles in 1980.
/m/02prwdh	Breakfast on Pluto is a 2005 comedy-drama film written and directed by Neil Jordan and based on the novel of the same name by Patrick McCabe, as adapted by Jordan and McCabe. This dark comedy stars Cillian Murphy as a transgender foundling searching for love and her long-lost mother in small town Ireland and London in the 1970s.
/m/017_qw	A film score is original music written specifically to accompany a film. The score forms part of the film's soundtrack, which also usually includes dialogue and sound effects, and comprises a number of orchestral, instrumental or choral pieces called cues which are timed to begin and end at specific points during the film in order to enhance the dramatic narrative and the emotional impact of the scene in question. Scores are written by one or more composers, under the guidance of, or in collaboration with, the film's director and/or producer, and are then usually performed by an ensemble of musicians – most often comprising an orchestra or band, instrumental soloists, and choir or vocalists – and recorded by a sound engineer.\nFilm scores encompass an enormous variety of styles of music, depending on the nature of the films they accompany. The majority of scores are orchestral works rooted in Western classical music, but a great number of scores also draw influence from jazz, rock, pop, blues, New Age and ambient music, and a wide range of ethnic and world music styles. Since the 1950s, a growing number of scores have also included electronic elements as part of the score, and many scores written today feature a hybrid of orchestral and electronic instruments.
/m/043h78	Scooby-Doo is a 2002 American live-action supernatural comedy mystery film directed by Raja Gosnell, produced by Charles Roven and Richard Suckle, and scripted by James Gunn. This film is the first live action theatrical adaptation of Hanna-Barbera television cartoon series Scooby-Doo, and the first installament in the Scooby-Doo live-action film series. The film stars Freddie Prinze, Jr., Sarah Michelle Gellar, Linda Cardellini, Matthew Lillard and Neil Fanning in the title role with supporting roles played by Scott Innes, Rowan Atkinson and Isla Fisher. Scooby-Doo and the other nonhuman characters were created on-screen using computer-generated imagery.\nFilming took place in and around Queensland on an estimated budget of $84 million. The film was released on June 14, 2002, and though it received generally negative reviews, it grossed $275 million worldwide. Reggae artist Shaggy and rock group MXPX performed different versions of the theme song. The Scooby-Doo Spooky Coaster, a ride based on the film, was built in Warner Bros. Movie World in Gold Coast, Australia in 2002.\nA sequel, Scooby-Doo 2: Monsters Unleashed, was released on March 26, 2004, followed by a prequel, Scooby-Doo! The Mystery Begins, released direct-to-TV on September 13, 2009.
/m/01hdht	Douglas Fairbanks was an American actor, screenwriter, director, and producer. He was best known for his swashbuckling roles in silent films such as The Thief of Bagdad, Robin Hood, and The Mark of Zorro but spent the early part of his career making comedies.\nAn astute businessman, Fairbanks was a founding member of United Artists. Fairbanks was also a founding member of The Motion Picture Academy and hosted the first Oscars Ceremony in 1929. With his marriage to Mary Pickford in 1920, the couple became Hollywood royalty and Fairbanks was referred to as \"The King of Hollywood\", a nickname later passed on to actor Clark Gable. His career rapidly declined however with the advent of the \"talkies\". His final film was The Private Life of Don Juan.
/m/03p7gb	Teachers College, Columbia University is an independent graduate school of education of Columbia University, in New York City, New York, United States.
/m/0r6c4	Mountain View is a city in Santa Clara County, in the San Francisco Bay Area of California. It is named for its views of the Santa Cruz Mountains. The city shares its borders with the cities of Palo Alto, Los Altos, and Sunnyvale, as well as Moffett Federal Airfield and the San Francisco Bay. As of the 2010 census, the city had a population of 74,066.\nSituated in Silicon Valley, Mountain View is home to many high technology companies. In 1956, Shockley Semiconductor Laboratory, the first company to develop silicon semiconductor devices in what came to be known as Silicon Valley, was established in the city by William Shockley. Today, many of the largest technology companies in the world are headquartered in the city, including Google, Mozilla Foundation, Symantec, and Intuit.
/m/030_3z	Frank Wilton Marshall is an American film producer and director, often working in collaboration with his wife, Kathleen Kennedy. With Kennedy and Steven Spielberg, he was one of the founders of Amblin Entertainment. In 1991, he founded, with Kennedy, The Kennedy/Marshall Company, a film production company which has a contract with DreamWorks Studios. Since May 2012, with Kennedy taking on the role of co-chair at Lucasfilm, Marshall has been Kennedy/Marshall's sole principal. Marshall has consistently collaborated with directors Steven Spielberg, Peter Bogdanovich and Robert Zemeckis.
/m/01k56k	Robert Silverberg is a prolific American author and editor, best known for writing science fiction. He is a multiple winner of both Hugo and Nebula Awards, a member of the Science Fiction Hall of Fame, a Grand Master of SF.
/m/035p3	The Golden Gate Bridge is a suspension bridge spanning the Golden Gate strait, the mile-wide, three-mile-long channel between San Francisco Bay and the Pacific Ocean. The structure links the U.S. city of San Francisco, on the northern tip of the San Francisco Peninsula, to Marin County, bridging both U.S. Route 101 and California State Route 1 across the strait. The bridge is one of the most internationally recognized symbols of San Francisco, California, and the United States. It has been declared one of the Wonders of the Modern World by the American Society of Civil Engineers.\nThe Frommers travel guide considers the Golden Gate Bridge \"possibly the most beautiful, certainly the most photographed, bridge in the world\". It opened in 1937 and had until 1964 the longest suspension bridge main span in the world, at 4,200 feet.
/m/0mzj_	Military branch is according to common standard the subdivision of the national armed forces of a sovereign nation or state. In classical NATO terminology, the three basic military branches are army, air force, and navy.\nArmy, Austria\nAir Force, USA\nNavy, The Netherlands
/m/06psyf	Edmonton is an area in the east of the London Borough of Enfield, England, 8.6 miles north-north-east of Charing Cross. It has a long history as a settlement distinct from Enfield.
/m/02mgp	Ecology is the scientific study of interactions among organisms and their environment, such as the interactions organisms have with each other and with their abiotic environment. Topics of interest to ecologists include the diversity, distribution, amount, number of organisms, as well as competition between them within and among ecosystems. Ecosystems are composed of dynamically interacting parts including organisms, the communities they make up, and the non-living components of their environment. Ecosystem processes, such as primary production, pedogenesis, nutrient cycling, and various niche construction activities, regulate the flux of energy and matter through an environment. These processes are sustained by organisms with specific life history traits, and the variety of organisms is called biodiversity. Biodiversity, which refers to the varieties of species, genes, and ecosystems, enhances certain ecosystem services.\nEcology is an interdisciplinary field that includes biology and Earth science. The word \"ecology\" was coined in 1866 by the German scientist Ernst Haeckel. Ancient Greek philosophers such as Hippocrates and Aristotle laid the foundations of ecology in their studies on natural history. Modern ecology transformed into a more rigorous science in the late 19th century. Evolutionary concepts on adaptation and natural selection became cornerstones of modern ecological theory. Ecology is not synonymous with environment, environmentalism, natural history, or environmental science. It is closely related to evolutionary biology, genetics, and ethology. An understanding of how biodiversity affects ecological function is an important focus area in ecological studies. Ecologists seek to explain:
/m/016cjb	Gospel music is a music genre. The creation, performance, significance, and even the definition of gospel music varies according to culture and social context. Gospel music is composed and performed for many purposes, including aesthetic pleasure, religious or ceremonial purposes, and as an entertainment product for the marketplace.
/m/01730d	The Chicago blues is a form of blues music indigenous to Chicago, Illinois. Chicago blues is a type of urban blues. Urban blues evolved from classic blues as a result of the great depression. Urban blues developed in the first half of the twentieth century as a result of the Great Migration, when Black workers moved from the Southern United States into the industrial cities of the Northern United States such as Chicago.\nThe two most significant cities for urban blues were Chicago and St. Louis. Urban blues started in these cities as music created by part-time musicians playing as street musicians, at rent parties, and other events within the black community. For example, bottleneck guitarist Kokomo Arnold was a steelworker and had a moonshine business that was far more profitable than his music.\nOne of the most important early incubators for Chicago blues was the open air market on Maxwell street. The Maxwell street market was one of the largest open air markets in the nation. Residents of the black community would frequent it to buy and sell just about anything. It was a natural location for blues musicians to perform. The standard path for blues musicians was to start out as street musicians and at house parties and to eventually make their way to blues clubs. The first blues clubs in Chicago were mostly in predominantly black neighborhoods on the south side with a few in the smaller black neighborhoods on the west side. One of the most famous was Ruby Lee Gatewood's Tavern, known by patrons as \"The Gates\". During the 1930s virtually every big name artist played there.
/m/0hyxv	Glasgow is the largest city in Scotland, and one of the largest in the United Kingdom, and, as of the 2011 census, the Scottish city with the highest population density with 3,395 people per square kilometre. It is situated on the River Clyde in the country's West Central Lowlands. Inhabitants of the city are referred to as Glaswegians.\nGlasgow grew from a small rural settlement on the River Clyde to become one of the largest seaports in the world. Expanding from the medieval bishopric and royal burgh, and the later establishment of the University of Glasgow in the 15th century, it became a major centre of the Scottish Enlightenment in the 18th century. From the 18th century the city also grew as one of Great Britain's main hubs of transatlantic trade with North America and the West Indies.\nWith the onset of the Industrial Revolution, the population and economy of Glasgow and the surrounding region expanded rapidly to become one of the world's pre-eminent centres of chemicals, textiles and engineering; most notably in the shipbuilding and marine engineering industry, which produced many innovative and famous vessels. Glasgow is known as the \"Second City of the British Empire\" for much of the Victorian era and Edwardian period. Today it is one of Europe's top ten financial centres and is home to many of Scotland's leading businesses. Glasgow is also ranked as the 57th most liveable city in the world.
/m/01l4g5	Loreena Isabel Irene McKennitt, CM, OM is a Canadian musician, composer, harpist, accordionist and pianist who writes, records and performs world music with Celtic and Middle Eastern themes. McKennitt is known for her refined and clear dramatic soprano vocals. She has sold more than 14 million records worldwide.
/m/08lmt7	Randers FC is a Danish professional football team based in Randers, which plays in the top-flight Danish Superliga championship. Founded as a merger on January 1, 2003, the club builds upon the license of Randers Freja, a former three-time Danish Cup winning team. Randers FC play their games at AutoC Park Randers, which has a 12,000 spectator capacity.
/m/02rxd26	The 2009 Tour de France was the 96th edition of the Tour de France, one of cycling's Grand Tours. It started on 4 July in the principality of Monaco with a 15 kilometres individual time trial which included a section of the Circuit de Monaco. The race visited six countries: Monaco, France, Spain, Andorra, Switzerland and Italy, and finished on 26 July on the Champs-Élysées in Paris.\nThe total length was 3,445 kilometres, including 93 kilometres in time-trials. There were seven mountain stages, three of which had mountaintop finishes, and one medium-mountain stage. The race had a team time trial for the first time since 2005, the shortest distance in individual time trials since 1967, and the first penultimate-day mountain stage in the Tour's history.\n2007 winner Alberto Contador won the race by a margin of 4′11″, having won both a mountain and time trial stage. His Astana team also took the team classification. and supplied the initial third-place finisher, Lance Armstrong. Armstrong's achievement was later voided by the UCI in October 2012 following his non-dispute of a doping accusation by USADA, and fourth place Bradley Wiggins was promoted to the podium. Andy Schleck, second overall, won the young riders' competition as he had the previous year. Franco Pellizotti originally won the polka dot jersey as the King of the Mountains, but had that result stripped by the Court of Arbitration for Sport in 2011 due to his irregular values in the UCI's biological passport program detected in May 2010. Mark Cavendish won six stages, including the final stage on the Champs-Élysées, but was beaten in the points classification by Thor Hushovd, who consequently won the green jersey.
/m/01j4rs	Santiago de Cuba is the second largest city of Cuba and capital city of Santiago de Cuba Province in the south-eastern area of the island, some 540 miles south-east of the Cuban capital of Havana.\nThe municipality extends over 1,023.8 square kilometers, and contains the communities of El Caney, Guilera, Antonio Maceo, Bravo, Castillo Duany, Leyte Vidal and Moncada.\nHistorically Santiago de Cuba has long been the second most important city on the island after Havana, and still remains the second largest. It is on a bay connected to the Caribbean Sea and is an important sea port. In 2004 the city of Santiago de Cuba had a population of about 494,337 people.
/m/0bq0p9	The British Raj was the British rule in the Indian subcontinent between 1858 and 1947. The term can also refer to the period of dominion. The region under British control, commonly called India in contemporary usage, included areas directly administered by the United Kingdom as well as the princely states ruled by individual rulers under the paramountcy of the British Crown. The region was less commonly also called the Indian Empire. As India, it was a founding member of the League of Nations, a participating nation in the Summer Olympics in 1900, 1920, 1928, 1932, and 1936, and a founding member of the United Nations in San Francisco in 1945.\nThe system of governance was instituted in 1858, when the rule of the British East India Company was transferred to the Crown in the person of Queen Victoria, and lasted until 1947, when the British Indian Empire was partitioned into two sovereign dominion states, the Union of India and the Dominion of Pakistan. At the inception of the Raj in 1858, Lower Burma was already a part of British India; Upper Burma was added in 1886, and the resulting union, Burma, was administered as a province until 1937, when it became a separate British colony, gaining its own independence in 1948.
/m/01gkg3	An associate degree is an undergraduate academic degree awarded by community colleges, junior colleges, technical colleges, bachelor's degree-granting colleges, and universities upon completion of a course of study usually lasting two years. In the United States, and some areas of Canada, an associate's degree is often equivalent to the first two years of a four-year college or university degree. It is the lowest in the hierarchy of post-secondary academic degrees offered in these countries. In spite of persistent high unemployment, there is high demand for people with so-called “middle-skills” that often require no more than an associate’s degree, such as lab technicians, teachers in early-childhood programs, computer technicians, draftsmen, radiation therapists, paralegals, and machinists.
/m/0mpfn	Windsor County is a county located in the U.S. state of Vermont. As of the 2010 census, the population was 56,670. Its shire town is Woodstock.\nWindsor County is part of the Lebanon, NH–VT Micropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/01bjv	A bus is a road vehicle designed to carry passengers. Buses can have a capacity as high as 300 passengers. The most common type of bus is the single-decker rigid bus, with larger loads carried by double-decker buses and articulated buses, and smaller loads carried by midibuses and minibuses; coaches are used for longer distance services. Bus manufacturing is increasingly globalised, with the same design appearing around the world.\nBuses may be used for scheduled bus transport, scheduled coach transport, school transport, private hire, tourism; promotional buses may be used for political campaigns and others are privately operated for a wide range of purposes.\nHorse-drawn buses were used from the 1820s, followed by steam buses in the 1830s, and electric trolleybuses in 1882. The first internal combustion engine buses, or motor buses, were used in 1895. Recently there has been growing interest in hybrid electric buses, fuel cell buses, electric buses as well as ones powered by compressed natural gas or bio-diesel.
/m/0c499	Bloemfontein is the capital city of the Free State Province of South Africa; and, as the judicial capital of the nation, one of South Africa's three national capitals – the other two being Cape Town, the legislative capital, and Pretoria, the administrative capital.\nBloemfontein is popularly and poetically known as \"the city of roses\", owing to the abundance of these flowers and the annual rose festival held there. The city's Sesotho name is Mangaung, meaning \"place of cheetahs\" and it has been included in the Mangaung Local Municipality since 2000.\nBloemfontein is situated on dry grassland at 29°06′S 26°13′E﻿ / ﻿29.100°S 26.217°E, at an altitude of 1,395 m above sea level. The city is home to 369,568 residents, while the Mangaung Local Municipality has a population of 645,455.
/m/04jly7r	The CWA New Blood Dagger is an annual award given by the British Crime Writers' Association for first books by previously unpublished writers. It is given in memory of CWA founder John Creasey and was previously known as The John Creasey Memorial Award.Publisher Chivers Press was the sponsor from the award's introduction in 1973 to 2002. BBC Audiobooks was the sponsor since 2003.
/m/01wyzyl	James Adam \"Jim\" Belushi is an American actor, comedian, singer, and musician. He is best known for playing the role of James \"Jim\" Orenthal on the long-running sitcom According to Jim, and is the younger brother of late comic actor John Belushi.
/m/0q04f	A theatre director or stage director is a director/instructor in the theatre field who oversees and orchestrates the mounting of a theatre production by unifying various endeavours and aspects of production. The director's function is to ensure the quality and completeness of theatre production and to lead the members of the creative team into realising their artistic vision for it. The director therefore collaborates with a team of creative individuals and other staff, coordinating research, stagecraft, costume design, props, lighting design, acting, set design, stage combat, and sound design for the production. If the production he or she is mounting is a new piece of writing or a translation of a play, the director may also work with the playwright or translator. In contemporary theatre, after the playwright, the director is generally the primary visionary, making decisions on the artistic concept and interpretation of the play and its staging. Different directors occupy different places of authority and responsibility, depending on the structure and philosophy of individual theatre companies. Directors utilize a wide variety of techniques, philosophies, and levels of collaboration.
/m/013rxq	Tejano music or Tex-Mex music is the name given to various forms of folk and popular music originating among the Mexican-American populations of Central and Southern Texas. With roots in the late 19th century, it became a music genre with a wider audience in the late 20th century thanks to artists such as Selena, often referred to as \"The Queen of Tejano\", Mazz, Elida, Los Palominos, Ramón Ayala, Elsa García, Laura Canales, La Mafia, Jay Perez, Emilio Navaira, Alicia Villarreal, Gary Hobbs, Shelly Lares, Stefani Montiel, David Lee Garza and Jennifer Peña.
/m/07zlqp	TV5 is a major Filipino commercial television network based in Mandaluyong City, Philippines. It is owned and operated by the ABC Development Corporation, solely owned by MediaQuest Holdings, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the beneficial trust fund of the Philippine Long Distance Telephone Company headed by business tycoon Manuel V. Pangilinan.
/m/02hxcvy	Urdu, or more precisely Modern Standard Urdu, is a standardized register of the Hindustani language. Urdu is historically associated with the Muslims of the region of Hindustan. It is the national language and lingua franca of Pakistan, and an official language of five Indian states and one of the 22 scheduled languages in the Constitution of India. Apart from specialized vocabulary, Urdu is mutually intelligible with Standard Hindi, which is associated with the Hindu community. Since the end of the Mughal period in the nineteenth century, varieties of Hindustani have been the lingua franca for much of South Asia.\nUrdu and Hindi are nearly identical in basic structure and grammar, and at a colloquial level also in vocabulary and phonology. If considered the same language, the population of Hindi-Urdu speakers is the fourth largest of the languages of the world, after Mandarin Chinese, English and Spanish.
/m/03f0vvr	John Robert Cocker OBE — known as Joe Cocker — is an English rock and blues singer, who came to popularity in the 1960s, and is known for his gritty voice, his idiosyncratic body movement in performance and his cover versions of popular songs, particularly those of The Beatles.\nHis cover of The Beatles' \"With a Little Help from My Friends\" reached number one in the UK in 1968, and he performed the song live at Woodstock in 1969. His 1975 hit single, \"You Are So Beautiful\", reached number five in the US. Cocker is the recipient of several awards, including a 1983 Grammy Award for his US number one \"Up Where We Belong\", a duet with Jennifer Warnes. In 1993 he was nominated for the Brit Award for Best British Male, and in 2007 he received an OBE at Buckingham Palace for services to music. Cocker was ranked #97 on Rolling Stone's 100 greatest singers list.
/m/03t5b6	The Grammy Award for Best Rap Solo Performance was awarded from 1991 to 2011, alongside the Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group. Previously, a single award was presented for Best Rap Performance.\nIn 2003, this award was split into separate awards for Best Female Rap Solo Performance and Best Male Rap Solo Performance. In 2005, it was again presented as a single award.\nThe award will be permanently be discontinued in 2012 due to a major overhaul of Grammy categories. From 2012, all solo and duo/group rap performances will be shifted to the revived Best Rap Performance category.\nYears reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were presented, for works released from October a year and a half prior to September the previous year.
/m/02pl5bx	Reggae fusion is a fusion genre of reggae that mixes reggae or dancehall with other genres, such as pop, rock, R&B, jazz & drum and bass.\nIn addition to characterizing fusions of reggae music with other genres, the term is used to describe artists who frequently switch between reggae and other genres, mainly hip hop, such as Kardinal Offishall, Sean Kingston, Chux Starr and Heavy D. The term is also used to describe artists who are known to deejay over instrumentals which are neither reggae nor dancehall, such as Sean Paul, Rihanna, Bruno Mars, Elephant Man, Shaggy, Beenie Man, Snow, Natasja Saad, Diana King, Delly Ranx, Dionne Bromfield and Tessanne Chin.
/m/0q34g	Norwich is a city on the River Wensum in England. It is the regional administrative centre and county town of Norfolk. During the 11th century, Norwich was the largest city in England after London, and one of the most important places in the kingdom. Until the Industrial Revolution, Norwich was the capital of the most populous county in England and vied with Bristol as England's second city.\nThe urban or built-up area of Norwich had a population of 213,166 according to the 2011 Census. This area extends beyond the city boundary, with extensive suburban areas on the western, northern and eastern sides, including Costessey, Taverham, Hellesdon, Bowthorpe, Old Catton, Sprowston and Thorpe St Andrew. The parliamentary seats cross over into adjacent local government districts. 132,512 people live in the City of Norwich and the population of the Norwich Travel to Work Area is 282,000. Norwich is the fourth most densely populated local government district within the East of England with 3,480 people per square kilometre.
/m/0kv5t	Kern County is a county spanning the southern end of the California Central Valley. Covering 8,161.42 square miles, it ranges west to the southern slope of the Coast Ranges, and east beyond the southern slope of the eastern Sierra Nevada into the Mojave Desert. The population of Kern County was 839,631 in 2010, making it the eleventh most populous county in the state. Its county seat is Bakersfield. The county's economy is heavily linked to agriculture and to petroleum extraction. There is also strong aviation, space, and military presence, such as Edwards Air Force Base and China Lake Naval Air Weapons Station.
/m/0dwt5	The vibraphone is a musical instrument in the struck idiophone subfamily of the percussion family.\nThe vibraphone is similar in appearance to the xylophone, marimba and glockenspiel. Each bar is paired with a resonator tube having a motor-driven butterfly valve at its upper end, mounted on a common shaft, which produces a tremolo or vibrato effect while spinning. The vibraphone also has a sustain pedal similar to that used on a piano; when the pedal is up, the bars are all damped and the sound of each bar is shortened; with the pedal down, they will sound for several seconds.\nThe most common uses of the vibraphone are within jazz music, where it often plays a featured role, and in the wind ensemble, as a standard component of the percussion section.
/m/01j17q	Third-person shooter is a genre of 3D action games in which the player character is visible on-screen, and the gameplay consists primarily of shooting.
/m/0mkk3	Sauk County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of the 2010 census, the population was 61,976. Its county seat and largest city is Baraboo.\nSauk County comprises the Baraboo Micropolitan Statistical Area and is included in the Madison-Janesville-Beloit, WI Combined Statistical Area.
/m/09krm_	Yale Divinity School is a professional school at Yale University, in New Haven, Connecticut, preparing students for ordained or lay ministry, or for the academy. The school grants the Master of Divinity, Master of Arts in Religion, and Master of Sacred Theology degrees.
/m/02ngbs	Texas Southern University is a historically black university located in Houston, Texas, United States, accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools.\nThe University was established in 1927 as the Houston Colored Junior College, through its private college phase as Houston Colored College. On March 3, 1947, the state declared this to be the first state university in Houston and it was renamed Texas State University for Negroes. In 1951, the name changed to Texas Southern University.\nTexas Southern University is one of the largest and most comprehensive HBCU in the nation. TSU is one of only four independent public universities in Texas and the only HBCU in Texas recognized as one of America's Top Colleges by Forbes. TSU is also recognized as the leading producer of college degrees to African-Americans and Hispanics in Texas and ranks fourth in the nation in African-American conferred doctoral and professional degrees. The University is a member-school of the Thurgood Marshall College Fund.
/m/02x9hs	Shooter games are a sub-genre of action game, which often test the player's speed and reaction time. It includes many subgenres that have the commonality of focusing on the actions of the avatar using some sort of weapon. Usually this weapon is a gun, or some other long-range weapon. A common resource found in many shooter games is ammunition. Most commonly, the purpose of a shooter game is to shoot opponents and proceed through missions without the player character dying.
/m/02dlh2	The conga is a tall, narrow, single-headed African drum. The Cuban conga is staved, like a barrel. These drums may have been salvaged barrels originally. They are used in the Carnaval rhythm called conga, and is the principal instrument in rumba. Congas are now very common in Latin music, including salsa music, merengue music and reggae, as well as many other forms of popular music.
/m/05hc96	Sport Clube Beira-Mar is a Portuguese sports club based in Aveiro. Its football team currently plays in the second division, holding home games at Estádio Municipal de Aveiro.\nEusébio and António Sousa were two of the club's most famous players; both played for the biggest clubs in the country, the former with Benfica and the latter with both Porto and Sporting, and had long spells with the Portuguese national team; Sousa also later managed the team. Beira-Mar also possesses futsal, basketball and boxing departments.
/m/02fzs	Disneyland Park, originally Disneyland, is the first of two theme parks built at the Disneyland Resort in Anaheim, California, opened on July 17, 1955. It is the only theme park designed and built under the direct supervision of Walt Disney. It was originally the only attraction on the property; its name was changed to Disneyland Park to distinguish it from the expanding complex in the 1990s.\nWalt Disney came up with the concept of Disneyland after visiting various amusement parks with his daughters in the 1930s and 1940s. He initially envisioned building a tourist attraction adjacent to his studios in Burbank to entertain fans who wished to visit; however, he soon realized that the proposed site was too small. After hiring a consultant to help him determine an appropriate site for his project, Walt bought a 160-acre site near Anaheim in 1953. Construction began in 1954 and the park was unveiled during a special televised press event on the ABC Television Network on July 17, 1955.\nSince its opening, Disneyland has undergone a number of expansions and renovations, including the addition of New Orleans Square in 1966, Bear Country in 1972, and Mickey's Toontown in 1993. Disney California Adventure Park was built on the site of Disneyland's original parking lot and opened in 2001.
/m/01ppq	Cyprus, officially the Republic of Cyprus, is an island country in the Eastern Mediterranean Sea. Cyprus is the third largest and third most populous island in the Mediterranean, and a member state of the European Union. It is located east of Greece, south of Turkey, west of Syria and Lebanon, northwest of Israel and north of Egypt.\nThe earliest known human activity on the island dates to around the 10th millennium BC. Archaeological remains from this period include the well-preserved Neolithic village of Khirokitia, and Cyprus is home to some of the oldest water wells in the world.\nThe earliest known foreign settlements on the island were mainly of Phoenicians and Greeks, with Phoenician culture dominating the island's eastern and southern parts. Cyprus was settled by Mycenaean Greeks in two waves in the 2nd millennium BC, though Greek culture did not come to dominate on the island until its conquest by Alexander the Great.\nAs a strategic location in the Middle East, it was subsequently occupied by several major powers, including the empires of the Assyrians, Egyptians, and Persians, from whom the island was seized in 333 BC by Alexander the Great.
/m/03ttfc	The Spanish people, or Spaniards are a nation and ethnic group native to Spain that share a common Spanish culture and speak the Spanish language as a mother tongue.\nWithin Spain there are a number of nationalisms and regionalisms, reflecting the country's complex history. The official language of Spain is Spanish, a standard language based on the mediaeval dialect of the Castilians of north-central Spain. There are several commonly spoken regional languages. With the exception of Basque, the languages native to Spain are Romance languages.\nThere are substantial populations outside Spain with ancestors who emigrated from Spain; most notably in Hispanic America.
/m/01qg7c	Barry Sonnenfeld is an American filmmaker and television director. He worked as cinematographer for the Coen brothers, then later he directed films such as The Addams Family and its sequel, Addams Family Values along with the Men in Black trilogy, and the critically acclaimed Get Shorty.
/m/0rw2x	Albany is a city, in and the county seat of Dougherty County, Georgia, United States, in the southwestern part of the state. It is the principal city of the Albany, Georgia metropolitan area and the southwest part of the state. The population was 77,434 at the 2010 U.S. Census, making it the eighth-largest city in Georgia.
/m/026rsl9	The Latin Grammy Award for Best Male Pop Vocal Album was an honor presented annually at the Latin Grammy Awards from 2001 to 2011. The award was given to a male performer for albums containing at least 51% of new recordings of the pop genre. Since its inception, the award category has had several name changes. In 2000 it was presented as Best Male Pop Vocal Performance. The following year onwards the award is known as Best Male Pop Vocal Album.\nSpanish artists have won the award more times than any other nationality, though award-winning albums have also been performed by musicians originating from Argentina, Colombia, Guatemala, Mexico, Puerto Rico and Venezuela. The award for Best Male Pop Vocal Performance was presented in 2000 to Mexican singer Luis Miguel for \"Tu Mirada\". No Es Lo Mismo and Paraíso Express, recorded by Alejandro Sanz, Adentro, performed by Ricardo Arjona and La Vida... Es un Ratico by Juanes, received the award and also earned the Grammy Award for Best Latin Pop Album. Sanz is the most awarded singer in the category with three accolades, while performers Marc Anthony, Alejandro Lerner and Marco Antonio Solís share the record for most nominations without a win, with three each.
/m/0z843	Muskogee is a city in Muskogee County, Oklahoma, United States. It is the county seat of Muskogee County, and home to Bacone College. The population of the city was 39,223 as of the 2010 census, a 2.4 percent increase from 38,310 at the 2000 census, making it the eleventh-largest city in Oklahoma.\nThe 1951 film Jim Thorpe, All American, starring Burt Lancaster, was filmed on the campus of Bacone Indian College at Muskogee. Two feature films were recently shot in Muskogee: Salvation and Denizen.
/m/01svw8n	Fergie Duhamel is an American singer, songwriter, fashion designer, television host and actress. She is the female vocalist for the hip hop group The Black Eyed Peas, with whom she has achieved chart success worldwide. Her debut solo album, The Dutchess, spawned five Billboard Hot 100 top five singles, three of which went to number one.\nFerguson was a member of the children's television series Kids Incorporated and the girl group Wild Orchid. In 2001, she left the group and in the subsequent year began to team up with The Black Eyed Peas. With The Black Eyed Peas, she enjoyed a series of hits and albums before releasing her solo debut album in September 2006 to success. The Black Eyed Peas enjoyed further success with the release of their third album with Ferguson, The E.N.D.; they attained their first string of Billboard Hot 100 number one songs. She began touring in 2009/2010 with her group and she launched her debut fragrance, Outspoken, under Avon in May 2010 and has since released three more fragrances.\nShe continued success with The Black Eyed Peas and they released the album The Beginning, which featured three singles, including two number one songs. As Ferguson's five solo singles and six singles with The Black Eyed Peas have reached two million downloads in the United States, Ferguson was the artist with the most two-million sellers by the beginning of 2011.
/m/01ync	The Colorado Rockies are a Major League Baseball franchise based in Denver, Colorado. They are currently members of the National League West Division. Their home venue is Coors Field. Their manager is Walt Weiss.\nThe Colorado Rockies have won one National League championship. They mounted a spirited rally in the last month of the 2007 regular season, winning 21 of their final 22 games, and qualified for the 2007 World Series. However, they lost to the American League champion Boston Red Sox four games to none.
/m/01w02sy	Courtney Michelle Love is an American singer-songwriter, musician, actress, and artist. As frontwoman of alternative rock band Hole, Love's uninhibited stage presence and confrontational lyrics, combined with publicity attached to her 1992 marriage to Kurt Cobain and battles with drug addiction, made her a noticeable and controversial figure in the alternative music scene of the 1990s. Love received considerable critical acclaim and commercial success for her work as vocalist, lyricist, and guitarist of Hole, as well as critical recognition as an actress; her leading role in Miloš Forman's 1996 film The People vs. Larry Flynt earned her a Golden Globe Nomination for Best Actress.\nLove was born to psychotherapist Linda Carroll, and writer and ex-Grateful Dead manager Hank Harrison; she was mainly brought up in Oregon by her mother after her parents divorced in 1969. As a teenager, Love spent some time in a correctional facility and in foster care before gaining independence and supporting herself as an erotic dancer while studying English and philosophy at Portland State University. In 1981, Love traveled to Europe, and then enrolled at the San Francisco Art Institute where she began studying film with George Kuchar before landing roles in Alex Cox's films Sid and Nancy and Straight to Hell.
/m/09s02	Telugu is a Dravidian language predominantly spoken in the Indian state of Telangana, Andhra Pradesh and in Yanam where it is an official language. It is also spoken by significant minorities in the states Chhattisgarh, Karnataka, Maharashtra, Odisha, Tamil Nadu, the union territory Puducherry, and by the Sri Lankan Gypsy people. It is one of six languages designated a classical language of India. Telugu ranks third by the number of native speakers in India, thirteenth in the Ethnologue list of most-spoken languages worldwide and is the most widely spoken Dravidian language. It is one of the twenty-two scheduled languages of the Republic of India.\nTelugu borrowed several features of Sanskrit that have subsequently been lost in Sanskrit's daughter languages such as Hindi and Bengali, especially in the pronunciation of some vowels and consonants.
/m/03wbl14	iOS is a mobile operating system developed and distributed by Apple Inc.\nOriginally unveiled in 2007 for the iPhone, it has been extended to support other Apple devices such as the iPod Touch, iPad, iPad Mini and second-generation Apple TV onward. Unlike Microsoft's Windows Phone and Google's Android, Apple does not license iOS for installation on non-Apple hardware. As of October 2013, Apple's App Store contained more than 1 million iOS applications, 500,000 of which were optimised for iPad. These apps have collectively been downloaded more than 60 billion times. It had a 21% share of the smartphone mobile operating system units shipped in the fourth quarter of 2012, behind Google's Android. At the half of 2012, there were 410 million devices activated. According to the special media event held by Apple on September 12, 2012, 400 million devices had been sold by June 2012.\nThe user interface of iOS is based on the concept of direct manipulation, using multi-touch gestures. Interface control elements consist of sliders, switches, and buttons. Interaction with the OS includes gestures such as swipe, tap, pinch, and reverse pinch, all of which have specific definitions within the context of the iOS operating system and its multi-touch interface. Internal accelerometers are used by some applications to respond to shaking the device or rotating it in three dimensions.
/m/04crrxr	Wyatt Cenac is an American stand-up comedian, actor, and writer. He is a former correspondent and writer on The Daily Show with Jon Stewart, airing his last segment on December 13, 2012.
/m/02_4fn	Kim Ki-duk is a South Korean filmmaker noted for his idiosyncratic \"art-house\" cinematic works. His films have received many distinctions in the festival circuit. He is not related to the Kim Ki-duk who directed Yonggary in the 1960s. He has given scripts to several of his former assistant directors including Juhn Jai-hong and Jang Hoon.
/m/0hvlp	Hove is a town on the south coast of England, immediately to the west of its larger neighbour Brighton, with which it forms the unitary authority Brighton and Hove. It forms a single conurbation together with Brighton and some smaller towns and villages running along the coast. As part of local government reform Brighton and Hove were merged to form the borough of Brighton and Hove in 1997. In 2000 the conjoined towns officially attained city status.\nHove is bordered by Brighton on the east and Portslade-by-Sea on the west.
/m/025w401	A division of a business or business division is one of the parts into which a business, organization or company is divided. The divisions are distinct parts of that business. If these divisions are all part of the same company, then that company is legally responsible for all of the obligations and debts of the divisions. However in a large organization, various parts of the business may be run by different subsidiaries, and a business division may include one or many subsidiaries. Each subsidiary is a separate legal entity owned by the primary business or by another subsidiary in the hierarchy. Often a division operates under a separate name and is the equivalent of a corporation or limited liability company obtaining a fictitious name or \"doing business as\" certificate and operating a business under that fictitious name. Companies often set up business units to operate in divisions prior to the legal formation of subsidiaries.\nGenerally, only an \"entity\", e.g. a corporation, public limited company or limited liability company, etc. would have a \"division\"; an individual operating in this manner would simply be \"operating under a fictitious name\".
/m/01s0_f	Wayne State University is a public research university located in Detroit, Michigan, United States, in the city's Midtown Cultural Center Historic District and Wayne State University Buildings Historic District. Founded in 1868, WSU consists of 13 schools and colleges offering 370 programs to nearly 28,000 graduate and undergraduate students. It is currently Michigan's fourth-largest university and one of the 100 largest universities in the United States.\nThe WSU main campus encompasses 203 acres linking more than 100 education and research buildings in the heart of Detroit. It also has five extension centers in the metro Detroit area providing access to a limited selection of courses. The institution is a notable engine in metro Detroit's educational, cultural and economic landscape, as manifested through efforts such as its thriving research and technology park and hosting of the Detroit Windsor International Film Festival.
/m/02hrb2	The Philipp University of Marburg, was founded in 1527 by Landgrave Philip I of Hesse as one of Germany's oldest universities, dating back to a Protestant foundation. As a modern state university it has no religious affiliation anymore.\nIt was the main university of the principality of Hesse and remains a public university of that German state. It now has about 25,000 students and 7,500 employees, making Marburg, a town of 72,000 inhabitants, the proverbial \"university town\". Though most subjects are grouped, the University of Marburg is not a campus university in the broader sense.\nMarburg is home to one of Germany's most traditional medical faculties. The German physicians' union is called \"Marburger Bund\".\nThe departments of psychology and geography enjoy an outstanding reputation and reached Excellence Group status in the Europe-wide CHE Excellence Ranking 2009.
/m/03y82t6	Katheryn Elizabeth \"Katy\" Hudson, better known by her stage name Katy Perry, is an American recording artist, businesswoman, philanthropist, and actress. She was born near Santa Barbara, California and grew up there before moving to Los Angeles. Having had limited exposure to mainstream pop music in her childhood, she pursued a career in gospel music as a teen and released her debut studio album, Katy Hudson. She later recorded a collaborative album with The Matrix and a solo album she worked on with Glen Ballard, the latter of which was never released.\nIn April 2007, Perry signed a recording contract with Capitol Records. She rose to prominence with the release of her single \"I Kissed a Girl\" followed by her second album, One of the Boys, which is predominantly pop rock. Perry's third record, Teenage Dream, was preceded by the Billboard Hot 100 chart-topping singles \"California Gurls\" and \"Teenage Dream\", and later produced the number-one singles \"Firework\", \"E.T.\", and \"Last Friday Night\". Teenage Dream became the first album recorded by a female artist in history to produce five number-one hits, and the second album overall after Michael Jackson's Bad. The album features disco, electronic music, funk, and hip hop in addition to pop and rock. In March 2012, she re-released Teenage Dream as Teenage Dream: The Complete Confection, which was preceded by the number-one single \"Part of Me\". Her fourth album, Prism, was preceded by the number-one single \"Roar\". The album was originally planned to be \"darker\" than Perry's previous material, but ultimately became an album influenced by Swedish dance music and focusing heavily on self-empowerment. The album later produced the number-one single \"Dark Horse\".
/m/0jsf6	The Godfather Part II is a 1974 American crime epic produced and directed by Francis Ford Coppola from a screenplay co-written with Mario Puzo, starring Al Pacino, Robert Duvall, Diane Keaton, and Robert De Niro. Partially based on Puzo's 1969 novel The Godfather, the film is both sequel and prequel to The Godfather, presenting parallel dramas: one picks up the 1958 story of Michael Corleone, the new Don of the Corleone crime family, protecting his family business ventures in the aftermath of an attempt on his life; the prequel covers the journey of his father, Vito Corleone, from his harrowing childhood escape from Sicily in 1901 to the desperate founding of his family enterprise in New York City.\nThe film was released in 1974 to great critical acclaim, some deeming it superior to the original. Nominated for eleven Academy Awards and the first sequel to win for Best Picture, its six Oscars included Best Director for Coppola, Best Supporting Actor for De Niro and Best Adapted Screenplay for Coppola and Puzo. Pacino won the BAFTA Award for Best Actor and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor.\nBoth this film and its predecessor remain highly influential films in the gangster genre. In 1997, the American Film Institute ranked it as the 32nd-greatest film in American film history and it kept its rank 10 years later. It was selected for preservation in the U.S. National Film Registry in 1993.
/m/0fr63l	Mighty Joe Young is a 1998 Disney family film starring Bill Paxton and Charlize Theron, and directed by Ron Underwood. It is based on the 1949 film of the same name. In this version, the ape is much larger than in the original.
/m/0dwtp	A glockenspiel is a percussion instrument composed of a set of tuned keys arranged in the fashion of the keyboard of a piano. In this way, it is similar to the xylophone; however, the xylophone's bars are made of wood, while the glockenspiel's are metal plates or tubes, thus making it a metallophone. The glockenspiel, moreover, is usually smaller and higher in pitch.\nIn German, a carillon is also called a Glockenspiel, while in French, the glockenspiel is often called a carillon. In music scores the glockenspiel is sometimes designated by the Italian term campanelli.
/m/03wpmd	Karan Johar often informally referred to as KJo, is an Indian film director, producer, screenwriter, costume designer, actor and television host based in Bollywood. He is the son of Hiroo Johar and Yash Johar. He is also the head of the production company Dharma Productions. He is most known for directing and producing some of Bollywood's highest grossing films in India and abroad. Four of the films he has directed, those starring Shahrukh Khan, have been India's highest grossing productions in the overseas market. The success of those films resulted in crediting Johar for changing the way Indian cinema has been perceived in the West.\nJohar entered the film industry as an actor in Aditya Chopra's Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge. He later made his directorial debut with the highly successful romantic comedy, Kuch Kuch Hota Hai which won him a Filmfare Award For Best Director and Filmfare Best Screenplay Award. His following directorial efforts were the family drama, Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham and the romantic drama, Kabhi Alvida Naa Kehna, a movie which dealt with the theme of adultery. Both films were major financial successes in India and abroad. Johar thus established himself as one of the most successful filmmakers in Bollywood. His fourth film, My Name Is Khan was met with positive reviews and grossed 200 crore worldwide. It earned him his second Best Director award at the Filmfare ceremony. Having done so, he has established himself as one of the most successful directors and producers in Indian Cinema.
/m/03jn4	London Heathrow Airport or Heathrow is a major international airport serving London, England, known as London Airport from 1946 until 1965. Located in the London Borough of Hillingdon, in West London, Heathrow is the busiest airport in the United Kingdom and the third busiest airport in the world in total passenger traffic, handling more international passengers than any other airport around the globe. It is also the busiest airport in Europe by passenger traffic and the third busiest by traffic movements, with a figure surpassed only by Charles de Gaulle Airport and Frankfurt Airport. Heathrow is London's main airport, having replaced RAF Northolt and the earlier Croydon Airport. The airport sustains 76,600 jobs directly and around 116,000 indirectly in the immediate area, and this, together with the large number of global corporations with offices close to the airport, makes Heathrow a modern aerotropolis which contributes an estimated 2.7% to London's total GVA.\nThe airport is owned and operated by Heathrow Airport Holdings, which also owns and operates three other UK airports, and is itself owned by FGP TopCo Limited, an international consortium led by the Spanish Ferrovial Group that includes Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec and Government of Singapore Investment Corporation. Heathrow is the primary hub for British Airways and the primary operating base for Virgin Atlantic.
/m/05842k	Percussion is a method of tapping on a surface to determine the underlying structure, and is used in clinical examinations to assess the condition of the thorax or abdomen. It is one of the five methods of clinical examination, together with inspection, palpation, auscultation, and inquiry. It is done with the middle finger of one hand tapping on the middle finger of the other hand using a wrist action. The non striking finger is placed firmly on the body over tissue. When percussing boney areas such as the clavicle the pleximeter can be omitted and the bone is tapped directly such as when percussing an apical cavitary lung lesion typical of TB.\nThere are two types of percussion: direct, which uses only one or two fingers, and indirect, which uses the middle/flexor finger. There are four types of percussion sounds: resonant, hyper-resonant, stony dull or dull. A dull sound indicates the presence of a solid mass under the surface. A more resonant sound indicates hollow, air-containing structures. As well as producing different notes which can be heard they also produce different sensations in the pleximeter finger.\nPercussion was initially used to distinguish between empty and filled barrels of liquor, and Dr. Leopold Auenbrugger is said to be the person who introduced the technique to modern medicine although this method was used by Avicenna about 1000 years before that for medical practice.
/m/048_lz	The Syria national football team represents Syria in association football and is controlled by the Syrian Football Association, the governing body for football in Syria. Syria's home grounds are Abbasiyyin Stadium and Aleppo International Stadium. Syria has never qualified for the World Cup finals.
/m/01wlt3k	Lavell William Crump, better known by his stage name David Banner, is an American rapper, record producer, and occasional actor.\nBorn in Jackson, Mississippi, Banner graduated from Southern University and pursued a masters of education at the University of Maryland. He started his music career as a member of the rap duo, Crooked Lettaz, before going solo in 2000 with the release titled Them Firewater Boyz, Vol. 1.\nIn 2003, Banner signed to Universal Records releasing four albums: Mississippi: The Album, MTA2: Baptized in Dirty Water, Certified, and The Greatest Story Ever Told.
/m/037lyl	Johnny Mandel is an American composer and arranger of popular songs, film music and jazz. Among the musicians he has worked with are Count Basie, Frank Sinatra, Peggy Lee, Anita O'Day, Barbra Streisand, and Shirley Horn.
/m/017j6	Beastie Boys are an American hip hop band from New York City, formed in 1981. For the majority of its career, the group consisted of three MCs and musicians Michael \"Mike D\" Diamond, Adam \"MCA\" Yauch and Adam \"Ad-Rock\" Horovitz.\nOriginally formed as a four-piece hardcore punk band in 1981 by Diamond, John Berry, Yauch and Kate Schellenbach, the band appeared on the compilation cassette New York Thrash, before recording their first EP Polly Wog Stew, in 1982. After achieving moderate local success with the 1983 experimental hip hop 12-inch \"Cooky Puss\", the group transitioned to hip hop in 1984 and released a string of successful singles. The Beastie Boys toured with Madonna in 1985 and a year later released their debut album Licensed to Ill. The group sold 22 million albums in the United States and 40 million albums worldwide, making them, according to Billboard, \"the biggest-selling rap group\" since 1991.\nWith seven platinum or better albums from 1986–2004, the Beastie Boys are one of the longest-lived hip hop acts worldwide, and they continue to enjoy commercial and critical success more than 25 years after Licensed to Ill. In 2009, the group released digitally remastered deluxe editions of their albums Paul's Boutique, Check Your Head, Ill Communication and Hello Nasty. Their eighth studio album, Hot Sauce Committee Part Two, was released in 2011, and received positive reviews. They were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in April 2012, \"just the third rap group to enter the Hall, after Run-D.M.C. and Grandmaster Flash and the Furious Five.\" The following month, MCA died of cancer of the parotid salivary gland.
/m/07r78j	Torino Football Club, commonly referred to as simply Torino or Toro, is a professional Italian football club based in Turin, Piedmont, that plays in Serie A.\nTorino was founded as \"Football Club Torino\" in 1906 when Football Club Torinese merged with a group of Juventus dissidents led by Alfredo Dick. The club has spent the majority of its history in the top flight of Italian football, having won the domestic championship 7 times, first in 1927–28 and most recently in 1975–76. The club won five consecutive titles from 1942 to 1949, a record tied today only by Inter Milan and Juventus. On the European stage, the nearest Torino came to success was when they finished as runners-up in the UEFA Cup; this was achieved in 1991–92. The club has also won the Coppa Italia five times. Domestically, Torino are the joint fifth most successful club in Italian football in terms of championships won.\nThe club was known as Associazione Calcio Torino from 1936 until 1970, and as Torino Calcio from 1970 to 2005. In 2005 the club was declared bankrupt and readmitted to Serie B as Torino Football Club.
/m/07phbc	The Pink Panther is a 2006 American detective comedy film and a reboot of The Pink Panther franchise, marking the tenth installment in the series. In this film, Inspector Jacques Clouseau is assigned to solve the murder of a famous soccer coach and the theft of the famous Pink Panther diamond. The film stars Steve Martin as Clouseau and also co-stars Kevin Kline, Jean Reno, Emily Mortimer, and Beyoncé Knowles. Despite a negative reception from critics, the film was a commercial success and one of Steve Martin's most successful to date, grossing almost $160 million at the box office.
/m/052m7n	The Royal Victorian Chain is an award instituted in 1902 by King Edward VII as a personal award of the monarch. Although it is similarly named, the chain is not related to the Royal Victorian Order.
/m/05zjd	Portuguese is a Romance language and the sole official language of Portugal, Brazil, Mozambique, Angola, Cape Verde, Guinea-Bissau, and São Tomé and Príncipe. It also has co-official language status in Macau, Equatorial Guinea and East Timor. As the result of expansion during colonial times, Portuguese speakers are also found in Goa, Daman and Diu in India, and in Malacca in Malaysia.\nPortuguese is a part of the Ibero-Romance group that evolved from several dialects of colloquial Latin in the medieval Kingdom of Galicia. With approximately 210 to 215 million native speakers and 240 million total speakers, Portuguese is usually listed as the seventh most spoken language in the world, the third most spoken European language and the major language of the Southern Hemisphere. It is also the most spoken language in South America and the second most spoken in Latin America, after Castilian, as well as an official language of the European Union and Mercosul.\nSpanish author Miguel de Cervantes once called Portuguese \"the sweet and gracious language\" and Spanish playwright Lope de Vega referred to it as \"sweet\", while the Brazilian writer Olavo Bilac poetically described it as \"a última flor do Lácio, inculta e bela\". Portuguese is also termed \"the language of Camões\", after one of the greatest literary figures in the Portuguese language, Luís Vaz de Camões.
/m/02rbdlq	Scottish Canadians are people of Scottish descent or heritage living in Canada. As the third-largest ethnic group in Canada and among the first to settle in Canada, Scottish people have made a large impact on Canadian culture since colonial times. According to the 2011 Census of Canada, the number of Canadians claiming full or partial Scottish descent is 4,714,970, or 15.10% of the nation's total population.\nThe Scotch-Irish are a similar ethnic group. They descended from Lowland Scots and Northern English people via Ulster and observe many of the same traditions as Scots.
/m/034hzj	Cry Freedom is a 1987 British drama film directed by Richard Attenborough, set in the late 1970s, during the apartheid era of South Africa. The screenplay was written by John Briley based on a pair of books by journalist Donald Woods. The film centres on the real-life events involving black activist Steve Biko and his friend Donald Woods, who initially finds him destructive, and attempts to understand his way of life. Denzel Washington stars as Biko, while actor Kevin Kline portrays Woods. Cry Freedom delves into the ideas of discrimination, political corruption, and the repercussions of violence.\nThe film was primarily shot on location in Zimbabwe due to political turmoil in South Africa at the time of production. As a film showing mostly in limited cinematic release, it was nominated for multiple awards, including Academy Award nominations for Best Actor in a Supporting Role, Best Original Score, and Best Original Song. It also won a number of awards including those from the Berlin International Film Festival and the British Academy Film Awards.\nA joint collective effort to commit to the film's production was made by Universal Pictures and Marble Arch Productions. It was commercially distributed by Universal Pictures theatrically, and by MCA Home Video for home media. Cry Freedom premiered in theaters nationwide in the United States on 6 November 1987 grossing $5,899,797 in domestic ticket receipts. The film was at its widest release showing in 479 theaters nationwide. It was generally met with positive critical reviews before its initial screening in cinemas.
/m/01wd9lv	Quincy Delight Jones, Jr. is an American record producer, conductor, arranger, composer, television producer, film producer, instrumentalist, magazine founder, record company executive, humanitarian, and jazz trumpeter. His career spans six decades in the entertainment industry and a record 79 Grammy Award nominations, 27 Grammys, including a Grammy Legend Award in 1991.\nIn 1968, Jones and his songwriting partner Bob Russell became the first African-Americans to be nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Song, their \"The Eyes of Love\" for the Universal Pictures film Banning. That same year, he became the first African-American to be nominated twice within the same year for an Academy Award for Best Original Score, as he was also nominated for his work on the film In Cold Blood. In 1971, Jones was the first African-American to be named as the musical director/conductor of the Academy Awards ceremony. In 1995 he was the first African-American to receive the Academy's Jean Hersholt Humanitarian Award. He is tied with sound designer Willie D. Burton as the African-American who has been nominated for the most Oscars; each has received seven nominations.
/m/07619_	In the 19th century, the term strongman referred to an exhibitor of strength or circus performers of similar ilk who displayed feats of strength such as the bent press, supporting large amounts of weight held overhead at arm's length, steel bending, chain breaking, etc. Large amounts of wrist, hand, and tendon strength were required for these feats, as well as prodigious oblique strength.\nIn the late 20th century the term strongman changed to describe one who competes in strength athletics - a more modern eclectic strength competition in which competitors lift rocks, tote refrigerators, pull trains, walk while towing an eighteen wheel truck behind them, etc. The most famous competition of this type is World's Strongest Man and the \"World's Strongest Man Super Series\", however North American Strongman, Inc. and the Canadian Federation of Strength Athletes hold amateur and other meets throughout the United States and Canada.\nIn recent years, interest in the sport at the grassroots level has skyrocketed, leading to the spontaneous formation of local clubs, loosely affiliated with provincial/state and national associations.
/m/02v1m7	The Grammy Award for Best Music Video is an honor presented at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards, to performers, directors, and producers of quality short form music videos. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position\".\nOriginally called the Grammy Award for Best Video, Short Form, the award was first presented in 1984, as was a similar award for Best Long Form Music Video. From 1986 to 1997, the category name was changed to Best Music Video, Short Form. However, in 1988 and 1989, the award criteria were changed and the video awards were presented under the categories Best Concept Music Video and Best Performance Music Video. The awards were returned to the original format in 1990. The category was called Best Short Form Music Video until 2014, when it was shortened to Best Music Video. Award recipients include the performers, directors, and producers associated with the winning videos.
/m/0631_	Presbyterianism is a branch of Reformed Protestantism which traces its origins to the British Isles. Presbyterian churches derive their name from the presbyterian form of church government, which is government by representative assemblies of elders. Many Reformed churches are organized this way, but the word \"Presbyterian,\" when capitalized, is often applied uniquely to the churches which trace their roots to the Scottish and English churches that bore that name and English political groups that formed during the Civil War. Presbyterian theology typically emphasizes the sovereignty of God, the authority of the Scriptures, and the necessity of grace through faith in Christ. Presbyterian church government was ensured in Scotland by the Acts of Union in 1707 which created the kingdom of Great Britain. In fact, most Presbyterians found in England can trace a Scottish connection, and the Presbyterian denomination was also taken to North America mostly by Scots and Scots-Irish immigrants. The Presbyterian denominations in Scotland hold to the theology of John Calvin and his immediate successors, although there is a range of theological views within contemporary Presbyterianism.\nLocal congregations of churches which use presbyterian polity are governed by sessions made up of representatives of the congregation; a conciliar approach which is found at other levels of decision-making.
/m/0308kx	Steven Bradford Culp is an American film and television actor. He is known for his roles as Rex Van de Kamp on ABC's Desperate Housewives, Clayton Webb on JAG, and Speaker of the United States House of Representatives Jeff Haffley on NBC's The West Wing.
/m/01kmyh	Livorno, English traditionally Leghorn, is a port city on the Ligurian Sea on the western coast of Tuscany, Italy. It is the capital of the Province of Livorno, having a population of approximately 161,000 residents in 2011.
/m/0jcx	Albert Einstein was a German-born theoretical physicist. He developed the general theory of relativity, one of the two pillars of modern physics. While best known for his mass–energy equivalence formula E = mc², he received the 1921 Nobel Prize in Physics \"for his services to theoretical physics, and especially for his discovery of the law of the photoelectric effect\". The latter was pivotal in establishing quantum theory.\nNear the beginning of his career, Einstein thought that Newtonian mechanics was no longer enough to reconcile the laws of classical mechanics with the laws of the electromagnetic field. This led to the development of his special theory of relativity. He realized, however, that the principle of relativity could also be extended to gravitational fields, and with his subsequent theory of gravitation in 1916, he published a paper on the general theory of relativity. He continued to deal with problems of statistical mechanics and quantum theory, which led to his explanations of particle theory and the motion of molecules. He also investigated the thermal properties of light which laid the foundation of the photon theory of light. In 1917, Einstein applied the general theory of relativity to model the large-scale structure of the universe.
/m/01kv4mb	Leon Russell is an American musician and songwriter, who has recorded as a session musician, sideman, and maintained a solo career in music.
/m/0kqj1	Harvard Business School is the graduate business school of Harvard University in Boston, Massachusetts, United States. The school offers a large full-time MBA program, doctoral programs, and many executive education programs. It owns Harvard Business School Publishing, which publishes business books, leadership articles, online management tools for corporate learning, case studies, and the monthly Harvard Business Review.
/m/0qmjd	The Verdict is a 1982 courtroom drama film which tells the story of a down-on-his-luck alcoholic lawyer who pushes a medical malpractice case in order to improve his own situation, but discovers along the way that he is doing the right thing. Since the lawsuit involves a woman in a persistent vegetative state, the movie is cast in the shadow of the Karen Ann Quinlan case. The movie stars Paul Newman, Charlotte Rampling, Jack Warden, James Mason, Milo O'Shea, and Lindsay Crouse.\nDirected by Sidney Lumet, the film was adapted by David Mamet from the novel by Barry Reed and is not a remake of the 1946 film of the same name.\nThe Verdict garnered critical acclaim and box office success. The film was nominated for five Academy Awards, including Best Actor in a Leading Role, Best Actor in a Supporting Role, Best Director, Best Picture and Best Screenplay Based on Material from Another Medium.
/m/09xw2	Dixieland music / New Orleans Jazz, sometimes referred to as Hot jazz or Early Jazz, is a style of jazz music which developed in New Orleans at the start of the 20th century, and was spread to Chicago and New York City by New Orleans bands in the 1910s.\nWell-known jazz standard songs from the Dixieland era, such as \"Basin Street Blues\" and \"When the Saints Go Marching In\", are known even to non-jazz fans. Beginning with Dixieland, Riverboat jazz and to Chicago-style jazz or hot jazz as developed by Louis Armstrong and others. Chicago-style jazz or hot jazz was also a transition and combination of 2-beat to 4-beat, introducing Swing in its earliest form.\nHot jazz or Chicago-style jazz was also the current original music that began the Lindy Hop dance craze as it developed in Harlem.
/m/07371	South Holland is a province in the western part of the European country the Netherlands. The provincial capital is The Hague. The largest city is Rotterdam.\nSouth Holland is situated on the North Sea. It is one of the most densely populated areas in the world. With a population of 3,502,595 and an area of 3,403 km², the province has the highest population density in the Netherlands, whereas this country itself is one of the most densely populated on Earth.
/m/06mr2s	So You Think You Can Dance is an American televised dance competition show that airs on Fox in the United States and is the flagship series of the international So You Think You Can Dance television franchise.\nThe series premiered on July 20, 2005 with over ten million viewers and ended the summer season as the top-rated show on television. SYTYCD was created by American Idol producers Simon Fuller and Nigel Lythgoe and is produced by 19 Entertainment and Dick Clark Productions. The first season was hosted by current American news personality Lauren Sánchez. Since the second season, it has been hosted by former British children's television personality and one-time game show emcee Cat Deeley. During its second season, the program remained the No. 1 rated summer show but it has declined in ratings since.\nThe show features a tiered format wherein dancers from a variety of styles enter open auditions held in a number of major U.S. cities to showcase their unique styles and talents and, if allowed to move forward, then are put through additional rounds of auditions to test their ability to adapt to different styles. At the end of this process, a small number of dancers are chosen as finalists. These dancers move on to the competition's main phase, where they perform solo, duet, and group dance numbers in a variety of styles. They compete for the votes of the broadcast viewing audience which, combined with the input of a panel of judges, determines which dancers advance to the next stage from week to week. The number of finalists has varied as determined by a season's format, but has typically been 20 contestants.
/m/01fscv	Green Bay is a city in and the county seat of Brown County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin, located at the head of Green Bay, a sub-basin of Lake Michigan, at the mouth of the Fox River. It has an elevation of 581 feet above sea level and is located 112 miles north of Milwaukee. The population was 104,057 at the 2010 census. It is the third-largest city in the state of Wisconsin, after Milwaukee and Madison. It is also the third-largest city on the west shore of Lake Michigan, after Chicago and Milwaukee. Green Bay is home to the Green Bay Packers of the National Football League, making it by far the smallest metropolitan area in the USA to host a major professional sports franchise.\nGreen Bay is the principal city of the Green Bay Metropolitan Statistical Area, which covers Brown, Kewaunee, and Oconto Counties and had a combined population of 306,241 at the 2010 census.\nGreen Bay is an industrial city with several meatpacking and paper plants, and a port on Green Bay, an arm of Lake Michigan that locals call the Bay of Green Bay, to avoid conflating it with the eponymous city. It is home to the National Railroad Museum; the Neville Public Museum, with exhibitions of art, history, and science; and the University of Wisconsin–Green Bay.
/m/01n2m6	Death Row Records is an American record company founded in 1991 by Tracy \"The D.O.C.\" Lynn Curry, Andre \"Dr. Dre\" Young, Marion \"Suge\" Knight Jr. and Richard Gilbert \"Dick\" Griffey. It is known to have signed many popular West Coast hip hop artists such as Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg, Tupac Shakur, The Outlawz, The Lady of Rage, MC Hammer, Young Soldierz, Sam Sneed, LBC Crew, RBX, Michel'le, Jewell, Danny Boy, DJ Quik, Nate Dogg and the rap group Tha Dogg Pound consisting of rappers Kurupt, Daz Dillinger, Soopafly and many others, also Lisa \"Left Eye\" Lopes of TLC although most if not all departed from the label after its demise following the murder of Shakur in 1996.\nThe loss of key management and talent of Death Row Records meant a decline in terms of being a powerful hip-hop record company in the industry, despite attempts from the last remaining founder and CEO at the time, Suge Knight, that included signing new talents and releasing many compilations of previously unreleased content recorded by ex-Death Row artists. The label filed for bankruptcy in 2006 and on January 15, 2009, Death Row Records was successfully auctioned to entertainment development company WIDEawake Entertainment Group, Inc. for $18 million.
/m/0jpgc	The Most Noble Order of the Garter, founded in 1348, is the highest order of chivalry and the most prestigious honour in England and of the United Kingdom, and is dedicated to the image and arms of St. George as England's patron saint. It is awarded at the Sovereign's pleasure as her personal gift, on recipients from the United Kingdom and other Commonwealth realms. Membership of the order is limited to the Sovereign, the Prince of Wales, and no more than twenty-four members, or Companions. The order also includes supernumerary knights and ladies.\nThe order's emblem, depicted on insignia, is a garter with the motto Honi soit qui mal y pense in gold lettering. Members of the order wear such a garter on ceremonial occasions.\nNew appointments to the Order of the Garter are always announced on St George's Day, 23 April, as Saint George is the patron saint of England.
/m/0jdk_	The Sydney 2000 Summer Olympic Games or the Millennium Olympic Games/Games of the New Millennium, officially known as the Games of the XXVII Olympiad, were an international multi-sport event which was celebrated between 15 September and 1 October 2000 in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. It was the second time that the Summer Olympics were held in the Southern Hemisphere, the first one being in Melbourne, Victoria in 1956.\nSydney was selected as the host city for the 2000 games in 1993. Teams from 199 countries participated. The United States won the most medals with 93, while Australia came in 4th with 58. The games cost was estimated to be A$6.6 billion. Many venues were constructed in the Sydney Olympic Park, which failed in the years immediately following the Olympics to meet the expected bookings to meet upkeep expenses. In the years leading up to the games, funds were shifted from education and health programs to cover Olympic expenses.\nThe Games received near-universal acclaim, with the organisation, volunteers, sportsmanship and Australian public being lauded in the international media. Bill Bryson from The Times called the Sydney Games \"one of the most successful events on the world stage\", saying that they \"couldn't be better\". James Mossop of the Electronic Telegraph called the Games in an article \"such a success that any city considering bidding for future Olympics must be wondering how it can reach the standards set by Sydney\", while Jack Todd in the Montreal Gazette suggested that the \"IOC should quit while it's ahead. Admit there can never be a better Olympic Games, and be done with it\", as \"Sydney was both exceptional and the best\". In preparing for the 2012 Olympic Games in London, Lord Sebastian Coe declared the Sydney games the \"benchmark for the spirit of the Games, unquestionably\" and admitting that the London organising committee \"attempted in a number of ways to emulate what [the Sydney organising committee] did.\"
/m/0h1yy	Serine is an amino acid with the formula HO2CCHCH2OH. It is one of the proteinogenic amino acids. Its codons in the genetic code are UCU, UCC, UCA, UCG, AGU and AGC. By virtue of the hydroxyl group, serine is classified as a polar amino acid.
/m/0cms7f	Oscar Nunez, sometimes credited as Oscar Núñez, is a Cuban American actor and comedian.\nHe was a member of The Groundlings and later portrayed Dunder Mifflin's paper supply accountant, Oscar Martinez, on NBC's The Office. He was the producer and co-star of the series Halfway Home on Comedy Central.
/m/06vr2	Smallpox was an infectious disease caused by either of two virus variants, Variola major and Variola minor. The disease is also known by the Latin names Variola or Variola vera, derived from varius or varus. The disease was originally known in English as the \"pox\" or \"red plague\"; the term \"smallpox\" was first used in Britain in the 15th century to distinguish variola from the \"great pox\". The last naturally occurring case of smallpox was diagnosed on 26 October 1977.\nSmallpox localized in small blood vessels of the skin and in the mouth and throat. In the skin it resulted in a characteristic maculopapular rash and, later, raised fluid-filled blisters. V. major produces a more serious disease and has an overall mortality rate of 30–35%. V. minor causes a milder form of disease which kills about 1% of its victims. Long-term complications of V. major infection include characteristic scars, commonly on the face, which occur in 65–85% of survivors. Blindness resulting from corneal ulceration and scarring, and limb deformities due to arthritis and osteomyelitis are less common complications, seen in about 2–5% of cases.
/m/05ns4g	Club Olimpia is a Paraguayan sports club based in the city of Asuncion. The club promotes the practice of various sports with most importance given to the football and basketball sides, the former being the highest priority and most successful. They were founded on July 25, 1902 by a group of young Paraguayans, and the name stems from the idea of its principal founding member, William Paats, a Dutchman based in Paraguay, who is considered the father of Paraguayan football for having introduced the practice of the sport in the South America country.\nOlimpia are the most decorated institution in Paraguayan football with 39 domestic titles to date. El Decano or Rey de Copas, as they are popularly known, also holds the record of winning six consecutive Primera division titles, the only club to have achieved a hexacampeonato.\nOlimpia hold 8 international titles, among which there are 3 Copa Libertadores and 1 Interncontinental Cup. It is the only Paraguayan club to have won official Conmebol tournaments, and it is also one of only two clubs in history to have earned an international cup despite not playing in it. In 1990 Olimpia won the Copa Libertadores and the Supercopa Libertadores, meaning they won the Recopa Sudamericana automatically.
/m/0bj8m2	A children's film or family film is a film genre that contains children or relates to them in the context of home and family. Children's films refer to films that are made specifically for children and not necessarily for the general audience while family films are made for a wider appeal with a general audience in mind. Children's films come in several major forms like realism, fantasy, animation, war, musicals, and literary adaptations.
/m/07f8wg	Mario F. Kassar is a film producer and industry executive whose projects are frequently in association with Andrew G. Vajna. He founded a company called Carolco which went on to produce many blockbuster movies. Many films he has produced have went on to gross over $250,000,000.00 worldwide at the box office.
/m/06s6l	Saint Vincent and the Grenadines is an island country in the Lesser Antilles Island arc, in the southern portion of the Windward Islands, which lie at the southern end of the eastern border of the Caribbean Sea where the latter meets the Atlantic Ocean.\nIts 389 km² territory consists of the main island of Saint Vincent and the northern two-thirds of the Grenadines, which are a chain of smaller islands stretching south from Saint Vincent Island to Grenada. The main island of Saint Vincent measures 18 km long, 11 km in width and 344 km² in area. From the most northern to the most southern points, the Grenadine islands belonging to Saint Vincent span 60.4 km with a combined area of 45 km². Most of the nation lies within the Hurricane Belt.\nTo the north of Saint Vincent lies Saint Lucia, to the east Barbados. Saint Vincent and the Grenadines is a densely populated country with approximately 120,000 inhabitants.\nIts capital is Kingstown, also its main port. The country has a French and British colonial history and is now part of the Organisation of Eastern Caribbean States, CARICOM, the Commonwealth of Nations, the Bolivarian Alliance for the Americas and the Community of Latin American and Caribbean States.
/m/03j43	Henri-Louis Bergson was a major French philosopher, influential especially in the first half of the 20th century. Bergson convinced many thinkers that immediate experience and intuition are more significant than rationalism and science for understanding reality.\nHe was awarded the 1927 Nobel Prize in Literature \"in recognition of his rich and vitalizing ideas and the brilliant skill with which they have been presented\". In 1930, France awarded him its highest honour, the Grand-Croix de la Legion d'honneur.
/m/0lzb8	Levardis Robert Martyn Burton, Jr., professionally known as LeVar Burton, is an American actor, presenter, director, producer, and author.\nBurton is best known for his roles as the young Kunta Kinte in the 1977 award-winning ABC television miniseries Roots, Lt. Commander Geordi La Forge in Star Trek: The Next Generation, and as the host and executive producer of the long-running PBS children's program Reading Rainbow.
/m/02704ff	Burn After Reading is a 2008 black comedy film written, produced, edited and directed by Joel and Ethan Coen. The film stars George Clooney, John Malkovich, Frances McDormand, Tilda Swinton, and Brad Pitt. It was released in the United States on September 12, 2008, and it was released on October 17, 2008 in the United Kingdom. The film had its premiere on August 27, 2008, when it opened the 2008 Venice Film Festival.
/m/01pny5	Robert William Gary Moore, was a Northern Irish musician, most widely recognised as a singer and virtuoso guitarist.\nIn a career dating back to the 1960s, Moore played with artists including Phil Lynott and Brian Downey during his teens, leading him to memberships with the Irish bands Skid Row and Thin Lizzy on three separate occasions. Moore shared the stage with such blues and rock musicians as B.B. King, Albert King, Colosseum II, George Harrison, and Greg Lake, as well as having a successful solo career. He guested on a number of albums recorded by high profile musicians, including a cameo appearance playing the lead guitar solo on \"She's My Baby\" from Traveling Wilburys Vol. 3.
/m/01z7dr	Video game music refers to the soundtrack or background music accompanying video games. Originally limited to simple melodies by early sound synthesizer technology, video game music has grown to include the same breadth and complexity associated with television and movie soundtracks. While simple synthesizer pieces are still common, game music now can include full orchestral pieces and licensed popular music. Video games can now also generate or alter their soundtrack based on the player's current actions or situation, such as indicating missed actions in rhythm games. With the expansion of the video game market, artists going between popular music, classical music, the film industry and video games has become more common. Well known composers and artists such as Harry Gregson-Williams, Trent Reznor and Hans Zimmer have worked on soundtracks for recent games, while Michael Giacchino, now normally known for his film scores, began with Mickey Mania and continued with the Medal of Honor series. Beginning in the early 2000s, it became increasingly common for video game soundtracks to be commercially sold or performed in concerts that focus on video game music. The early limitations on video game music also inspired the style of music known as chiptunes that use the original simple melodic styles, sometimes sampled directly from classic games, with more complex patterns or mixed with the traditional music styles.
/m/025st2z	Bradley Bell is an American television writer and producer. Bell is a six-time Daytime Emmy Award winner and is executive producer and head writer for The Bold and the Beautiful, an American soap opera.
/m/01d650	The University of Kent is a public research university based in Kent, United Kingdom. It was founded in 1965 and is recognised as a British \"plate glass university\". It is a member of the Santander Network of European universities encouraging social and economic development,Association of Commonwealth Universities and Universities UK.\nThe University of Kent's main site is a rural campus just north of Canterbury situated within 300 acres of park land, which houses over 4,300 students. The university has additional sites in Medway and Tonbridge in Kent, United Kingdom and European postgraduate centres in Brussels, Athens and Paris. In the 2008 Research Assessment Exercise the University of Kent was placed 24th out of 118 participating institutions in terms of the best, or 4*, research in a ranking produced by Times Higher Education. In 2012 the University of Kent ranked 80 in the world according to the Times Higher Education World University Rankings in Top 100 Universities Under 50 Years Old. and ranked 138 in QS World University Rankings for Overall University Subject Rankings in the world in 2012.
/m/04fyhv	Andrew George Vajna is a Hungarian film producer.
/m/01z56h	Aldershot is a town in the English county of Hampshire, located on heathland about 60 km southwest of London. The town is administered by Rushmoor Borough Council. The town has a population of 33,840, while the Aldershot Urban Area, a loose conurbation has a population of 243,344, making it the thirtieth-largest urban area in the UK\nAldershot is known for its connection with the British Army. This led to rapid growth from a small village to a Victorian town. Today, Aldershot is known as the \"Home of the British Army\". Aldershot is twinned with Sulechów in Poland, Meudon in France and Oberursel in Germany.
/m/0dhrqx	Ben Sahar is an Israeli football striker who currently plays for Arminia Bielefeld.\nAt just 16, Sahar was already the equivalent of a second-year apprentice at Chelsea. He first caught Chelsea's eye in an Under-16 fixture against Ireland in 2004 and has since played for the Israeli Under-21 national team and the Israeli national team. Before transferring to Chelsea, Sahar was on the Hapoel Tel Aviv books, and while he was promoted to the first team by the manager Itzhak Shum, Sahar did not feature in any matches due to his transfer being completed before the start of the 2006–07 season.\nBefore coming to Chelsea, he got Polish citizenship, which grants him an automatic right to play in the UK, as Poland is an EU member state.
/m/025cbm	The Clavinet is a type of electro-mechanical keyboard instrument built by the Hohner company of Trossingen, West Germany, from 1964 to the early 1980s. It is an electrically amplified clavichord. Hohner produced seven models over the years, designated I, II, L, C, D6, E7 and Duo. Its distinctive bright staccato sound has appeared particularly in funk, disco, rock, and reggae songs.
/m/09lq2c	A chief administrative officer is responsible for administrative management of private, public or governmental corporations. The CAO is one of the highest-ranking members of an organization, managing daily operations and usually reporting directly to the chief executive officer. In some companies, the CAO is also the president. It is very similar to a chief operating officer and is not the same as a CEO, which is a more senior title.\nIn a municipal context, the title is usually used as an alternative for city manager, county administrator, or county executive, particularly in cases where the position does not include powers such as the authority to appoint or dismiss department heads.\nIn the United Kingdom, CAOs of public companies must be chartered secretaries, lawyers, certified/chartered accountants, or others with equivalent experience.
/m/0jdk0	Lymphoma is a type of blood cancer that occurs when B or T lymphocytes, the white blood cells that form a part of the immune system and help protect the body from infection and disease, divide faster than normal cells or live longer than they are supposed to. Lymphoma may develop in the lymph nodes, spleen, bone marrow, blood or other organs and eventually they form a tumor.\nTypically, lymphoma presents as a solid tumor of lymphoid cells. Treatment might involve chemotherapy and in some cases radiotherapy and/or bone marrow transplantation, and lymphomas can be curable depending on the histology, type, and stage of the disease. These malignant cells often originate in lymph nodes, presenting as an enlargement of the node. It can also affect other organs in which case it is referred to as extranodal lymphoma. Extranodal sites include the tonsils, skin, brain, bowels and bone. Lymphomas are closely related to lymphoid leukemias, which also originate in lymphocytes but typically involve only circulating blood and the bone marrow and do not usually form static tumors. There are many types of lymphomas, and in turn, lymphomas are a part of the broad group of diseases called hematological neoplasms.
/m/02d413	Philadelphia is a 1993 American drama film and one of the first mainstream Hollywood films to acknowledge HIV/AIDS, homosexuality, and homophobia. It was written by Ron Nyswaner, directed by Jonathan Demme and stars Tom Hanks and Denzel Washington.\nHanks won the Academy Award for Best Actor for his role as Andrew Beckett in the film, while the song \"Streets of Philadelphia\" by Bruce Springsteen won the Academy Award for Best Original Song. Nyswaner was also nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay, but lost to Jane Campion for The Piano.
/m/0b478	Luc Besson is a French film director, writer, and producer. He has made many thrillers and action films that are visually rich. Besson had been nominated for Best Director and Best Picture César Awards for his films Léon: The Professional and The Messenger: The Story of Joan of Arc. He won Best Director and Best French Director for his film The Fifth Element. His Taken 2 is France's biggest export success.\nIn 1980 he founded his own production company, called Les Films du Loup, and later Les Films du Dauphin. This was superseded in 2000 by his co-founding EuropaCorp film company with his longtime collaborator, Pierre-Ange Le Pogam. Besson has been involved with filmmaking for more than 50 films, spanning 26 years, as writer, director, and/or producer. He is also being declared the John Hughes of action movies, due to him writing screenplays for action movies.
/m/03lfd_	Napoleon Dynamite is a 2004 comedy film co-written and directed by Jared Hess and Jerusha Hess, starring Jon Heder as the title character. Heder was paid just $1,000 to play Napoleon Dynamite, and only after the film's success re-negotiated and received a cut of its profits. The film was Jared Hess's first full-length feature and is partially adapted from his earlier short film, Peluca.\nNapoleon Dynamite was acquired at the Sundance Film Festival by Fox Searchlight Pictures and Paramount Pictures, in association with MTV Films. It was filmed in and near Franklin County, Idaho in the summer of 2003. It debuted at the Sundance Film Festival in January 2004. In June 2004 the film was given a limited release. Its wide release followed in August. The film's total worldwide gross revenue was $46,140,956. The film has since received a cult following.
/m/01m_zd	Ryanair Ltd. is an Irish low-cost airline. Its headquarters is located at Airside Business Park in Swords, County Dublin, Ireland, with its primary operational bases at Dublin Airport and London Stansted Airports.\nRyanair operates 298 Boeing 737–800 aircraft. The airline has been characterised by its rapid expansion, a result of the deregulation of the aviation industry in Europe in 1997 and the success of its low-cost business model. Ryanair's route network serves 28 countries in Europe and also Morocco.
/m/0346h	Guatemala City, is the capital and largest city of the Republic of Guatemala, and the most populous in Central America. The city is located in the south-central area of the country and has a large number of green areas. In 2009, it had a formal population of 1,075,000, but the metropolitan population is believed to be at least 2.3 million. Guatemala City is also the capital city of the local Municipio de Guatemala, and Guatemala Department.\nThe city is located at 14°38′N 90°33′W﻿ / ﻿14.633°N 90.550°W, in a mountain valley called Valle de la Ermita in the south central part of the country Guatemala.
/m/047g98	Cagliari Calcio is an Italian football club based in Cagliari, Sardinia. The club was formed in 1920 and currently plays in Italian Serie A, having spent a large part of recent years mainly in Serie A and Serie B.\nThey won their only scudetto in 1970, when they were led by Italian national team's all-time leading scorer, Gigi Riva. The triumph was also the first by a club from south of Rome. Cagliari's colours are blue and red. The club's stadium is the 5,000 seater Stadio Sant'Elia in Cagliari. During the 2012-13 season, however, the team has temporarily played their home games at the Is Arenas, in Quartu Sant'Elena\nThe club's best European performance was in the 1993-94 UEFA Cup, losing in the semi-finals to Inter Milan.
/m/04jplwp	Nine is a 2009 musical romance film directed and produced by Rob Marshall. The screenplay, written by Michael Tolkin and Anthony Minghella, is based on Arthur Kopit's book for the 1982 musical Nine, which was suggested by Federico Fellini's semi-autobiographical film 8½. Maury Yeston composed the music and wrote the lyrics for the songs.\nThe film premiered in London, opened the 6th annual Dubai International Film Festival on December 9, 2009 and was released in the United States on December 18, 2009, in New York City and Los Angeles, with a wide release on December 25, 2009.\nThe principal cast consists of Daniel Day-Lewis, Judi Dench, Nicole Kidman, Marion Cotillard, Penélope Cruz, Sophia Loren, Kate Hudson, and Stacy Ferguson.\nDespite mixed reviews, Nine was nominated for four Academy Awards: Best Supporting Actress, Best Art Direction, Best Costume Design and Best Original Song.
/m/02z2lj	Rochdale is a large market town in Greater Manchester, England. It lies at the foothills of the South Pennines on the River Roch, 5.3 miles north-northwest of Oldham, and 9.8 miles north-northeast of the city of Manchester. Rochdale is surrounded by several smaller settlements which together form the Metropolitan Borough of Rochdale, population 206,500. Rochdale is the largest settlement and administrative centre, with a total population of 95,796.\nHistorically a part of Lancashire, Rochdale's recorded history begins with an entry in the Domesday Book of 1086 under Recedham Manor. The ancient parish of Rochdale was a division of the hundred of Salford and one of the largest ecclesiastical parishes in England comprising several townships. By 1251, Rochdale had become important enough to have been granted a Royal charter. Subsequently, Rochdale flourished into a centre of northern England's woollen trade, and by the early 18th century was described as being \"remarkable for many wealthy merchants\".\nRochdale rose to prominence during the 19th century as a major mill town and centre for textile manufacture during the Industrial Revolution. It was a boomtown of the Industrial Revolution, and amongst the first ever industrialised towns. The Rochdale Canal—one of the major navigable broad canals of the United Kingdom—was a highway of commerce during this time used for the haulage of cotton, wool, coal to and from the area. The socioeconomic change brought by the success of Rochdale's textile industry in the 19th century led to its rise to borough status and it remained a dominant settlement in its region. However, during the 20th century Rochdale's spinning capacity declined towards an eventual halt.
/m/0gl2ny2	A football player or footballer is a sportsperson who plays one of the different types of football. The main types of football that are played are association football, American football, Canadian football, Australian rules football, Gaelic football, rugby league, and rugby union.\nIt has been estimated that there are 250 million association football players in the world, and many play the other forms of football.
/m/01ft2l	Edward Bridge \"Ted\" Danson III is an American actor, author, and producer, well known for his role as lead character Sam Malone in the sitcom Cheers, and his role as Dr. John Becker on the series Becker. He is currently starring in the CBS drama CSI: Crime Scene Investigation as D.B. Russell. He also plays a recurring role on Larry David's HBO sitcom Curb Your Enthusiasm, starred alongside Glenn Close in legal drama Damages and was a regular on the HBO comedy series Bored to Death.\nIn his 30-year career, Danson has been nominated for 15 Primetime Emmy Awards, winning two; ten Golden Globe Awards nominations, winning three; one Screen Actors Guild Awards nomination; one American Comedy Award and a star on Hollywood's Walk of Fame. He was ranked second in TV Guide's list of the top 25 television stars. Danson has also been a longtime activist in ocean conservation. In March 2011, he published his first book, Oceana: Our Endangered Oceans and What We Can Do to Save Them, written with journalist Michael D'Orso.
/m/018_lb	Mary Kathleen Turner, better known as Kathleen Turner, is an American film and stage actress and director. Turner came to fame during the 1980s, after roles in Body Heat, Romancing the Stone, and Prizzi's Honor, the latter two earning her a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress. In the later 1980s and early 1990s, Turner had roles in The Accidental Tourist, The War of the Roses, Serial Mom and Peggy Sue Got Married, for which she was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress.\nTurner later had roles in The Virgin Suicides, Baby Geniuses, and Beautiful, as well as guest-starring on the NBC sitcom Friends as Chandler Bing's cross-dressing father Charles Bing, and in the third season of Showtime's Californication as Sue Collini, the jaded, sex-crazed owner of a public relations company. Turner has also done considerable work as a voice actor, namely as Jessica Rabbit in Who Framed Roger Rabbit, as well as Monster House, and the television series King of the Hill.\nIn addition to film, Turner has worked actively in the theatre, and has been nominated for the Tony Award twice for her Broadway roles as Maggie in Cat On a Hot Tin Roof and as Martha in Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?. Turner has also taught acting classes at New York University.
/m/07n52	The ACM A.M. Turing Award is an annual prize given by the Association for Computing Machinery to \"an individual selected for contributions of a technical nature made to the computing community\". It is stipulated that \"The contributions should be of lasting and major technical importance to the computer field\". The Turing Award is recognized as the \"highest distinction in Computer science\" and \"Nobel Prize of computing\".\nThe award is named after Alan Turing, mathematician and reader in mathematics at the University of Manchester. Turing is \"frequently credited for being the Father of theoretical computer science and artificial intelligence\". As of 2007, the award is accompanied by a prize of $250,000, with financial support provided by Intel and Google.\nThe first recipient, in 1966, was Alan Perlis, of Carnegie Mellon University. Frances E. Allen of IBM, in 2006, was the first female recipient in the award's forty year history. The 2008 and 2012 awards also went to women, Barbara Liskov and Shafi Goldwasser, respectively.
/m/03mp1_	Football Club Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk is a Ukrainian professional football club based in Dnipropetrovsk.
/m/09s5q8	The University of South Florida, also known as USF, is a member institution of the State University System of Florida and a public research university located in Tampa, Florida, USA. Founded in 1956, USF is the fourth-largest public university in the state of Florida, with a total enrollment of 47,646 as of the 2012–2013 academic year. The USF system comprises three institutions: USF Tampa, USF St. Petersburg and USF Sarasota-Manatee. Each institution is separately accredited by the Commission on Colleges of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools. The university is home to 14 colleges, offering over 80 undergraduate majors and more than 130 graduate, specialist, and doctoral-level degree programs.\nUSF is classified by the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching in the top tier of research universities, and is one of only four universities in Florida to hold this highest level of classification. In its 2011 ranking, the Intellectual Property Owners Association placed USF 10th among all universities worldwide in the number of US patents granted. The university has an annual budget of $1.5 billion and an annual economic impact of $3.7 billion. In a ranking compiled by the National Science Foundation, USF has the 50th-highest research expenditure in the United States and in the state of Florida only trails the University of Florida.
/m/0c2rr7	Houssine Kharja is a France born Moroccan footballer who is currently a free agent, having last played for Qatari side Al-Arabi. He is 1.80 m tall and weighs 75 kilograms.
/m/0yfp	Arthur Asher Miller was an American playwright and essayist. He was a prominent figure in American theatre, writing dramas that include plays such as All My Sons, Death of a Salesman, The Crucible and A View from the Bridge, as well as the film The Misfits.\nMiller was often in the public eye, particularly during the late 1940s, 1950s and early 1960s, a period during which he testified before the House Un-American Activities Committee, received the Pulitzer Prize for Drama, and was married to Marilyn Monroe. In 2002 he received the Prince of Asturias Award and in 2003 the Jerusalem Prize.
/m/0xn5b	Bayonne is a city in Hudson County, New Jersey, United States. Located in the Gateway Region, Bayonne is situated on a peninsula located between Newark Bay to the west, the Kill van Kull to the south, and New York Bay to the east. As of the 2010 United States Census, the city's population was 63,024, reflecting an increase of 1,182 from the 61,842 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn increased by 398 from the 61,444 counted in the 1990 Census.\nBayonne was originally formed as a township on April 1, 1861, from portions of Bergen Township. Bayonne was reincorporated as a city by an Act of the New Jersey Legislature on March 10, 1869, replacing Bayonne Township, subject to the results of a referendum held nine days later. At the time it was formed, Bayonne included the communities of Bergen Point, Constable Hook, Centreville, Pamrapo and Saltersville.\nThe city lies at the heart of the Port of New York and New Jersey, east of Newark, the state's largest city, and west of Brooklyn. It shares a land border with Jersey City to the north and is connected to Staten Island by the Bayonne Bridge. While somewhat diminished, traditional manufacturing, distribution, and maritime activities remain important to the economy of the city.
/m/02v703	The Grammy Award for Best Tropical Latin Album is an award presented at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards, to recording artists for releasing albums in the tropical latin musicgenres. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position\".\nAccording to the 54th Grammy Awards description guide the award is intended \"for albums containing at least 51% playing time of new vocal or instrumental tropical Latin recordings\". This category includes all forms of traditional tropical music, salsa and merengue.\nThis award has been handed out since 1984 and has had several name changes:\nFrom 1984 to 1991, and then again from 1995 to 1999 the award was known as Best Tropical Latin Performance\nFrom 1992 to 1994 it was awarded as Best Tropical Latin Album\nIn 2000 it was awarded as Best Traditional Tropical Latin Performance\nFrom 2001 to 2010 it was awarded as Best Traditional Tropical Latin Album. From 2000 to 2003 two separate awards, the Best Salsa Album and Best Merengue Album, existed for salsa and merengue recordings respectively. Then from 2004 to 2006 the award for Best Salsa/Merengue Album existed.
/m/0n8bn	Brent Jay Spiner is an American actor, best known for his portrayal of the android Lieutenant Commander Data in the television series Star Trek: The Next Generation and four subsequent films. His portrayal of Data in Star Trek: First Contact and of Dr. Brackish Okun in Independence Day, both in 1996, earned him a Saturn Award and Saturn Award nomination respectively.\nHe has also enjoyed a career in the theatre and as a musician.
/m/0377k9	A minister is a politician who holds significant public office in a national or regional government, making and implementing decisions on policies in conjunction with the other ministers. Some ministers are more senior than others, and are usually members of the government's cabinet. In some countries the head of government is designated the \"prime minister\".\nIn some countries and territories, including Hong Kong, the Philippines, the UK, and the US, holders of some posts equivalent to ministries are called secretaries of state, sometimes referred to simply as secretaries.\nThe term \"minister\" is also used in diplomacy with the quite different meaning of second-level diplomats. Another use, again quite distinct, is in religion, where some Christian denominations have a low-ranking office of \"minister\". This is distinct from a government minister with responsibility for religion, such as the Israeli Minister of Religious Services.
/m/05q7cj	The 68th Academy Awards ceremony, organized by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, honored the best films of 1995 in the United States and took place on March 25, 1996, at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion in Los Angeles beginning at 6:00 p.m. PST / 9:00 p.m. EST. During the ceremony, AMPAS presented Academy Awards in 24 categories. The ceremony, televised in the United States by ABC, was produced by Quincy Jones and directed by Jeff Margolis. Actress Whoopi Goldberg hosted the show for the second time, having previously presided over the 66th ceremony in 1994. Three weeks earlier, in a ceremony held at the Regent Beverly Wilshire Hotel in Beverly Hills, California, on March 2, the Academy Awards for Technical Achievement were presented by host Richard Dreyfuss.\nBraveheart won five awards, including Best Director for Mel Gibson and Best Picture. Other winners included Apollo 13, Pocahontas, Restoration and The Usual Suspects with two awards, and Anne Frank Remembered, Antonia's Line, Babe, A Close Shave, Dead Man Walking, Il Postino: The Postman, Leaving Las Vegas, Lieberman in Love, Mighty Aphrodite, One Survivor Remembers, and Sense and Sensibility with one. The telecast garnered almost 45 million viewers in the United States.
/m/0462hhb	An Education is a 2009 British coming-of-age drama film, based on a memoir of the same name by British journalist Lynn Barber. The film was directed by Lone Scherfig from a screenplay by Nick Hornby, and stars Carey Mulligan as Jenny, a bright schoolgirl, and Peter Sarsgaard as David, the charming con man who seduces her. The film was nominated for three Academy Awards in 2010 including Best Picture and Best Actress for Carey Mulligan.\nAn Education premiered at the 2009 Sundance Film Festival to critical acclaim. It screened on 10 September 2009 at the Toronto International Film Festival and was featured at the Telluride by the Sea Film Festival in Portsmouth, New Hampshire, USA, on 19 September 2009. The film was shown on 9 October 2009, at the Mill Valley Film Festival. It was released in the US on 16 October 2009 and in the UK on 30 October 2009.
/m/0x2fg	Homicide is an act of a human killing another human.
/m/0plxn	Selma is a city in and the county seat of Dallas County, in the blackbelt region of lower west Alabama. Located on the banks of the Alabama River, it has a population of 20,756 as of the 2010 census. The city is best known for the 1965 Selma Voting Rights Movement and the Selma to Montgomery marches that originated in the city.
/m/023tp8	Patricia T. Arquette is an American actress and director. Following her first major film role in A Nightmare on Elm Street 3: Dream Warriors, she has appeared in films such as True Romance, Ed Wood, Flirting with Disaster, Lost Highway, Stigmata, Bringing Out The Dead and Holes.\nShe played the lead character in the supernatural drama series Medium for which she received three Golden Globe nominations and two Emmy Award nominations, winning the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series in 2005, and has appeared in Boardwalk Empire.
/m/0123gq	Harbin is the capital and largest city of Heilongjiang province in China's northeast region. Holding sub-provincial administrative status, Harbin is the eighth-most populous metropolitan among Chinese cities, as well as the most populous city in Northeast China. According to the 2010 census, the city's urban area has 5,878,939 inhabitants, while the total population of the sub-provincial city is up to 10,635,971. Harbin serves as a key political, economic, scientific, cultural and communications hub in Northeast China.\nHarbin, which was originally a Manchu word meaning \"a place for drying fishing nets\", grew from a small rural settlement on the Songhua River to become one of the largest cities in Northeast China. Founded in 1898 with the coming of the Trans-Manchurian Railway, the city first prospered as a region inhabited by an overwhelming majority of the immigrants from the Russian Empire.\nHaving the most bitterly cold winters among major Chinese cities, Harbin is referred to as the Ice City for its well-known winter tourism and recreations. Harbin is notable for its beautiful ice sculptures in winter and its Russian legacy, and it still plays an important part in Sino-Russian trade today. In the 1920s, the city was considered China's fashion capital since new designs from Paris and Moscow reached there first before arriving in Shanghai. On 22 June 2010, Harbin was appointed a UNESCO \"City of Music\" as part of the Creative Cities Network.
/m/020l9r	Philip John Clapp, known by his stage name Johnny Knoxville, is an American daredevil, actor, comedian, screenwriter and film producer. He is best known as a creator and cast member of the MTV series Jackass.
/m/06c6l	The Rocky Mountains, commonly known as the Rockies, are a major mountain range in western North America. The Rocky Mountains stretch more than 3,000 miles from the northernmost part of British Columbia, in western Canada, to New Mexico, in the southwestern United States. Within the North American Cordillera, the Rockies are somewhat distinct from the Pacific Coast Ranges and the Cascade Range and Sierra Nevada which all lie farther to the west.\nThe Rocky Mountains were initially formed from 80 million to 55 million years ago during the Laramide orogeny, in which a number of plates began to slide underneath the North American plate. The angle of subduction was shallow, resulting in a broad belt of mountains running down western North America. Since then, further tectonic activity and erosion by glaciers have sculpted the Rockies into dramatic peaks and valleys. At the end of the last ice age, humans started to inhabit the mountain range. After Europeans, such as Sir Alexander Mackenzie and Americans, such as the Lewis and Clark expedition, started to explore the range, minerals and furs drove the initial economic exploitation of the mountains, although the range itself never became densely populated.
/m/0290rb	Bihar is a state in northern India. It is the 12th largest state in terms of geographical size at 38,202 sq mi and 3rd largest by population. It is bounded by Uttar Pradesh to its west, Nepal to the north, Northern part of West Bengal to the east and by Jharkhand to the south. The Bihar plain is divided into two parts by the river Ganges which flows through the middle from west to east. Bihar has forest area of 6,764.14 km², which is 7.2% of its geographical area. In 2000, Bihar was subdivided, the southern part becoming the state of Jharkhand. Close to 85% of the population lives in villages. Almost 58% of Biharis are below the age of 25, which is the highest proportion in India.\nAncient Bihar was a centre of power, learning and culture in ancient and classical India. From Magadha arose India's first and greatest empire, the Maurya empire as well as one of the world's most widely adhered-to religions, Buddhism. Magadha empires, notably under the Maurya and Gupta dynasties, unified large parts of South Asia under a central rule. Its capital Patna, earlier known as Pataliputra, was an important centre of Indian civilization. Close to Patna, Nalanda and Vikramshila were centres of learning established in the 5th and 8th century respectively in Bihar, and are counted as one of the oldest international universities of the time.
/m/01xbgx	Cambodia, officially known as the Kingdom of Cambodia and once known as the Khmer Empire, is a country located in the southern portion of the Indochina Peninsula in Southeast Asia. Its total landmass is 181,035 square kilometres, bordered by Thailand to the northwest, Laos to the northeast, Vietnam to the east, and the Gulf of Thailand to the southwest.\nWith a population of over 14.8 million, Cambodia is the 70th most populous country in the world. The official religion is Theravada Buddhism, which is practiced by approximately 95% of the Cambodian population. The country's minority groups include Vietnamese, Chinese, Chams, and 30 hill tribes. The capital and largest city is Phnom Penh, the political, economic, and cultural center of Cambodia. The kingdom is a constitutional monarchy with Norodom Sihamoni, a monarch chosen by the Royal Throne Council, as head of state. The head of government is Hun Sen, who is currently the longest serving non-royal leader in South East Asia and has ruled Cambodia for over 25 years.\nCambodia's ancient name is \"Kambuja\". In 802 AD, Jayavarman II declared himself king marking the beginning of the Khmer Empire which flourished for over 600 years allowing successive kings to dominate much of Southeast Asia and accumulate immense power and wealth. The Indianized kingdom built monumental temples including Angkor Wat, now a World Heritage Site, and facilitated the spread of first Hinduism, then Buddhism to much of Southeast Asia. After the fall of Angkor to Ayutthaya in the 15th century, Cambodia was ruled as a vassal between its neighbors until it became a protectorate by the French in the mid-19th century. Cambodia gained independence in 1953.
/m/02prw4h	Talk To Me is a 2007 biographical film about Washington, D.C. radio personality Ralph \"Petey\" Greene, an ex-con who became a popular talk show host and community activist, and Dewey Hughes, his friend and manager. The movie spans the time period May 1966 to January 1984, ending with the late Greene's memorial service.\nThe film premiered as the opening night film of the 2007 Los Angeles Film Festival, on June 22, 2007. It opened in North America in a limited release on July 13, 2007 and nationwide on August 3, 2007. The film was shot in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada and Washington, DC.
/m/01w3v	Cornell University is an American private Ivy League research university located in Ithaca, New York, United States. Founded in 1865 by Ezra Cornell and Andrew Dickson White, the university was intended to teach and make contributions in all fields of knowledge — from the classics to the sciences, and from the theoretical to the applied. These ideals, unconventional for the time, are captured in Cornell's motto, a popular 1865 Ezra Cornell quotation: \"I would found an institution where any person can find instruction in any study.\"\nThe university is broadly organized into seven undergraduate colleges and seven graduate divisions at its main Ithaca campus, with each college and division defining its own admission standards and academic programs in near autonomy. The university also administers two satellite medical campuses, one in New York City and one in Education City, Qatar. Cornell is one of two private land grant universities. Of its seven undergraduate colleges, three are state-supported statutory or contract colleges, including its agricultural and veterinary colleges. As a land grant college, it operates a cooperative extension outreach program in every county of New York and receives annual funding from the State of New York for certain educational missions. The Cornell University Ithaca Campus spans over 2,300 acres, but in actuality, is much larger due to the Cornell Plantations as well as the numerous university owned lands in New York.
/m/07kfzsg	The Hong Kong Film Award for Best actress is an annual Hong Kong industry award presented to an actress for the best performance by an actress in a leading role.
/m/0ggjt	Earl Eugene Scruggs was an American musician noted for perfecting and popularizing a three-finger banjo-picking style that is a defining characteristic of bluegrass music.\nAlthough other musicians had played in three-finger style before him, Scruggs shot to prominence when he was hired by Bill Monroe to fill the banjo slot in his group, The Blue Grass Boys. He later reached a mainstream audience through his performance of \"The Ballad of Jed Clampett\", the theme for the network television hit The Beverly Hillbillies, in the early 1960s.
/m/09n4nb	The 48th Annual Grammy Awards took place on February 8, 2006, at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California. Irish rock band U2 were the main recipients with five awards including Album of the Year. Mariah Carey, John Legend, and Kanye West were each nominated for eight awards and won three; Alison Krauss & Union Station also won three awards; and Kelly Clarkson won two. Green Day were amongst the big winners, winning the Grammy Award for Record of the Year.
/m/0ptk_	The Canadian dollar is the currency of Canada. It is abbreviated with the dollar sign $, or C$ to distinguish it from other dollar-denominated currencies. It is divided into 100 cents.\nOwing to the image of a loon on the one-dollar coin, the currency is sometimes referred to as the loonie.
/m/0jm3b	The Brooklyn Nets are a professional basketball team based in the New York City borough of Brooklyn. They are a member of the Atlantic Division of the Eastern Conference in the National Basketball Association. The team is one of two NBA franchises that play home games in New York City; the other is the Knicks, who are based in Manhattan.\nAn original member of the American Basketball Association, the Nets were founded in 1967 and initially played in Teaneck, New Jersey, as the New Jersey Americans. In its early years, the team led a nomadic existence, moving to Long Island in 1968 and playing in various arenas there as the New York Nets. Led by Hall of Famer Julius \"Dr. J\" Erving, the Nets won two ABA championships in New York before becoming one of four ABA teams to be admitted into the NBA as part of the ABA–NBA merger in 1976. The team then moved back to New Jersey in 1977 and became the New Jersey Nets. During their time in that state, the Nets saw periods of losing and misfortune intermittent with several periods of success, which culminated in two consecutive NBA Finals appearances in the 2001–02 and 2002–03 seasons by teams led by point guard Jason Kidd.\nAfter 35 seasons in New Jersey, the team returned to the state of New York in 2012 to play in the new Barclays Center in Brooklyn as the Brooklyn Nets.
/m/01gvsn	The Way We Were is a 1973 American romantic drama film, starring Barbra Streisand and Robert Redford, and directed by Sydney Pollack. The screenplay by Arthur Laurents was based on his college days at Cornell University and his experiences with the House Un-American Activities Committee.\nA box office success, the film was nominated for several awards and won the Academy Award for Best Original Dramatic Score and Best Original Song for \"The Way We Were\". The soundtrack recording charted for 23 weeks on the Billboard Hot 100 and eventually sold in excess of one million copies.
/m/01sm9v	Hitchin is a market town in North Hertfordshire District in Hertfordshire, England, with an estimated population as at 2011 of 33,350.
/m/052_mn	Main Hoon Na is a Bollywood action comedy film co-written and directed by Farah Khan. The screenplay was written by Farah Khan and Abbas Tyrewala based on the story Anvita Dutt Guptan. It stars Shah Rukh Khan, Sunil Shetty, Sushmita Sen, Zayed Khan and Amrita Rao in the main cast.\nThe film is the story of Indian army Major Ram Prasad Sharma who becomes embroiled in the events to ensure that \"Project Milap\" - the releasing of civilian captives on either side of the borders of India and Pakistan - can take place as a sign of trust and peace between the two nations. Main Hoon Na is one of the most successful Indian films discussing the Indo-Pakistani conflict from a neutral point of view.\nIt is the first film of Shah Rukh Khan's production company Red Chillies Entertainment and choreographer Farah Khan's directorial debut film. It was released on 30 April 2004 and was declared a hit in India by Box Office India.
/m/026kq4q	The 37th Golden Globe Awards, honoring the best in film and television for 1979, were held on 26 January 1980.
/m/01d38g	The Grammy Award for Best R&B Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal was awarded between 1970 and 2011. From 1967 to 1969 and in 1971 the award included instrumental performances. The award had several minor name changes:\nFrom 1967 to 1968 the award was known as Best Rhythm & Blues Group Performance, Vocal or Instrumental\nIn 1969 it was awarded as Best Rhythm & Blues Performance by a Duo or Group, Vocal or Instrumental'\nIn 1970 it was awarded as Best R&B Vocal Performance by a Duo or Group\nIn 1971 it was awarded as Best R&B Performance by a Duo or Group, Vocal or Instrumental\nIn 1972 it was awarded as Best R&B Vocal Performance by a Group\nFrom 1973 to 1980 it was awarded as Best R&B Vocal Performance by a Duo, Group or Chorus\nFrom 1981 to 2003 it was awarded as Best R&B Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal\nIn 2004 it was awarded as Best R&B Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals\nThe award will be discontinued from 2012 in a major overhaul of Grammy categories. From 2012, all solo and duo/group vocal performances in the R&B category will be shifted to the newly formed Best R&B Performance category.\nYears reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were handed out, for music released in the previous year.
/m/0j1z8	The United Arab Emirates, sometimes simply called the Emirates or the UAE, is a country located in the southeast end of the Arabian Peninsula on the Persian Gulf, bordering Oman to the east and Saudi Arabia to the south, as well as sharing sea borders with Qatar, Iran and Pakistan.\nEstablished on 2 December 1971, the country is a federation of seven emirates. Each emirate is governed by a hereditary emir who jointly form the Federal Supreme Council which is the highest legislative and executive body in the country. One of the emirs is selected as the President of the United Arab Emirates. The constituent emirates are Abu Dhabi, Ajman, Dubai, Fujairah, Ras al-Khaimah, Sharjah, and Umm al-Quwain. The capital is Abu Dhabi, which is one of the two centers of commercial and cultural activities, together with Dubai. Islam is the official religion of the UAE, and Arabic is the official language.\nIn 1962, Abu Dhabi became the first of the emirates to begin exporting oil. The late Sheikh Zayed, ruler of Abu Dhabi and the first president of the UAE, oversaw the development of the Emirates and steered oil revenues into healthcare, education and infrastructure. Today, Emirates oil reserves are ranked as the seventh-largest in the world, along with world's seventeenth largest natural gas reserves. Emirates has a developed high income economy which enjoys a sizable annual trade surplus while ranks as the the world's seventh highest in terms of GDP per capita. Its most populous city of Dubai has emerged as a global city and a business gateway for the Middle East and Africa.
/m/06nzl	Scientology is a body of beliefs and related practices created by science fiction writer L. Ron Hubbard, beginning in 1952 as a successor to his earlier self-help system, Dianetics. Hubbard characterized Scientology as a religion, and in 1953 incorporated the Church of Scientology in Camden, New Jersey.\nScientology teaches that people are immortal beings who have forgotten their true nature. Its method of spiritual rehabilitation is a type of counselling known as auditing, in which practitioners aim to consciously re-experience painful or traumatic events in their past in order to free themselves of their limiting effects. Study materials and auditing sessions are made available to members on a fee-for-service basis, which the church describes as a \"fixed donation\". Scientology is legally recognized as a tax-exempt religion in the United States, Italy, South Africa, Australia, Sweden, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Portugal and Spain; the Church of Scientology emphasizes this as proof that it is a bona fide religion. In contrast, the organization is considered a commercial enterprise in Switzerland, a cult in France and Chile, and a non-profit in Norway, and its legal classification is often a point of contention.
/m/01b1pf	The \"University of the Philippines\" is the national university of the Philippines. Founded in 1908 through Act No. 1870 of the First Philippine Legislature, known as the \"University Act\" by authority of the United States, the University currently provides the largest number of degree programs in the country. Senate Resolution No. 276 of the Senate of the Philippines recognizes the University as \"the nation’s premier university\".\nThe University has produced a significant number of public figures and officials since its founding. Seven Philippine Presidents have attended courses in the University either as undergraduate or postgraduate students; 13 Chief Justices; 36 National Artists and 34 National Scientists are also affiliated with the University.\nU.P. has the most National Centers of Excellence and Development among higher education institutions in the country and one of only three schools in Asia that have received institutional recognition in the Ramon Magsaysay Awards.\nU.P. is partly subsidized by the Philippine government. Students of the university and its graduates are referred to as “[Mga] Iskolar ng Bayan”. This makes admission into the University extremely competitive. In 2012, about 76,600 applicants flocked to test centers to take the University of the Philippines College Admission Test for undergraduate admission. Around 12,700 of the applicants were admitted for the year 2012, an acceptance rate of approximately 17% for the entire U.P. System. In its recent admission test, U.P. added essay questions that tested the writing literacy of its High School exam takers.
/m/07g0_	The Hague is the seat of government in the Netherlands, and the capital city of the province of South Holland. With a population just over 500,000 inhabitants and more than one million inhabitants including the suburbs, it is the third largest city of the Netherlands, after Amsterdam and Rotterdam. The combined urban area of The Hague and Rotterdam, with a population of approximately 2.9 million, is the 206th largest urban area in the world and the most populous in the country. Located in the west of the Netherlands, The Hague is in the centre of the Haaglanden conurbation and lies at the southwest corner of the larger Randstad conurbation.\nThe Hague is the seat of the Dutch government and parliament, the Supreme Court, and the Council of State, but the city is not the capital of the Netherlands which constitutionally is Amsterdam. King Willem-Alexander of the Netherlands plans to live at Huis ten Bosch and works at Noordeinde Palace in The Hague, together with Queen Máxima. Most foreign embassies in the Netherlands and 150 international organisations are located in the city, including the International Court of Justice and the International Criminal Court, which makes The Hague one of the major cities hosting the United Nations, along with New York, Vienna, Geneva, Tokyo and Nairobi.
/m/07zr66	Rory Michael Fallon is an English-New Zealand footballer who is currently playing for Crawley Town. He has previously played for Barnsley, Shrewsbury Town, Swindon Town, Yeovil Town, Swansea City, Plymouth Argyle, Ipswich Town, Yeovil Town and Aberdeen. After originally representing England at youth level, he has been capped by New Zealand at international level and scored the goal that took them to the 2010 FIFA World Cup. He was born and raised in Gisborne. His father Kevin managed New Zealand over a four-year period in the 1980s.
/m/01d38t	The Grammy Award for Best Hard Rock Performance is an award presented to recording artists at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards, for works containing quality performances in the hard rock music genre. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position\".\nThe Academy recognized hard rock music artists for the first time at the 31st Grammy Awards. The category was originally presented as Best Hard Rock/Metal Performance Vocal or Instrumental, combining two of the most popular music genres of the 1980s. Jethro Tull won that award for the album Crest of a Knave, beating Metallica, who were expected to win with the album ...And Justice for All. This choice led to widespread criticism of the Academy, as journalists suggested that the music of Jethro Tull did not belong in the hard rock or heavy metal genres. In response, the Academy created the categories Best Hard Rock Performance and Best Metal Performance, separating the genres.
/m/074vv	The Scottish National Party is a social-democratic political party in Scotland which campaigns for Scottish independence. The SNP is the largest political party in Scotland, in terms of membership, number of MSPs and local councillors.\nThe SNP was founded in 1934, and has had continuous representation at Westminster since Winnie Ewing's groundbreaking victory at the 1967 Hamilton by-election.\nWith the creation of the Scottish Parliament in 1999, the SNP became the second largest party in the legislature, serving two terms as the main party of the Opposition. In the 2007 general election the SNP won the most seats in the Scottish Parliament for the first time, forming a minority government with party leader Alex Salmond elected First Minister of Scotland. In the 2011 general election, the SNP won a landslide victory and became the first party to form a majority government in the Scottish Parliament since its resumption.\nThe SNP currently holds 6 of 59 Scottish seats in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom and 2 of 6 Scottish seats in the European Parliament. The SNP is also currently the largest group in Scottish local government and, in coalition, forms 12 out of 32 local administrations.
/m/0205m3	Bangor is a city in Gwynedd unitary authority, north west Wales, and one of the smallest cities in Britain. Historically in Caernarfonshire, it is a university city with a population of 16,358 at the 2011 census, not including around 10,000 students at Bangor University. It is one of only six places classed as a city in Wales, although it is only the 36th largest urban area by population. According to the 2001 census, 46.6% of the non-student resident population speak Welsh, which is low for Gwynedd but despite this, the language keeps a high profile in town.
/m/01wbz9	Robert Allen Palmer was an English singer-songwriter and musician. He was known for his sharp dress sense and distinctive voice, and the eclectic mix of musical styles on his albums, combining soul, jazz, rock, pop, reggae and blues. He found success both in his solo career and with Power Station, and had Top 10 songs in both the UK and the US.\nHis iconic music videos directed by British fashion photographer Terence Donovan for the hits \"Addicted to Love\" and \"Simply Irresistible\" featured identically dressed dancing women with pale faces, dark eye makeup and bright red lipstick, which resembled the women in the art of Patrick Nagel, an artist popular in the 1980s. Palmer's involvement in the music industry commenced in the 1960s, covered four decades and included a spell with Vinegar Joe.\nPalmer received a number of awards throughout his career, including two Grammy Awards for Best Male Rock Vocal Performance, an MTV Video Music Award, and was twice nominated for the Brit Award for Best British Male.
/m/09lxv9	Mars Attacks! is a 1996 American Comic science fiction film directed by Tim Burton and written by Jonathan Gems. Based on the cult trading card series of the same name, the film stars Jack Nicholson, Glenn Close, Annette Bening, Pierce Brosnan, and Danny DeVito with supporting roles done by Martin Short, Sarah Jessica Parker, Michael J. Fox, Rod Steiger, Tom Jones, Lukas Haas, Natalie Portman, Jim Brown, Lisa Marie Smith, and Sylvia Sidney. The film is a parody of science fiction B movies with elements of black comedy and political satire.\nBurton and Gems began development for Mars Attacks! in 1993, and Warner Bros. purchased the film rights to the trading card series on Burton's behalf. When Gems turned in his first draft in 1994, Warner Bros. commissioned rewrites from Gems, Burton, Martin Amis, Scott Alexander and Larry Karaszewski in an attempt to lower the budget to $60 million. The final production budget came to $80 million, while Warner Bros. spent another $20 million on the Mars Attacks! marketing campaign. Filming took place from February to November 1996. The soundtrack became famous for the Martians' quirky speech pattern, which was created by reversing the sound of a duck's quack.
/m/0q245	The Pre-Raphaelite Brotherhood was a group of English painters, poets, and critics, founded in 1848 by William Holman Hunt, John Everett Millais and Dante Gabriel Rossetti. The three founders were joined by William Michael Rossetti, James Collinson, Frederic George Stephens and Thomas Woolner to form the seven-member \"brotherhood\".\nThe group's intention was to reform art by rejecting what it considered the mechanistic approach first adopted by Mannerist artists who succeeded Raphael and Michelangelo. Its members believed the Classical poses and elegant compositions of Raphael in particular had been a corrupting influence on the academic teaching of art, hence the name \"Pre-Raphaelite\". In particular, the group objected to the influence of Sir Joshua Reynolds, founder of the English Royal Academy of Arts, whom they called \"Sir Sloshua\". To the Pre-Raphaelites, according to William Michael Rossetti, \"sloshy\" meant \"anything lax or scamped in the process of painting ... and hence ... any thing or person of a commonplace or conventional kind\". In contrast, the brotherhood wanted a return to the abundant detail, intense colours and complex compositions of Quattrocento Italian art.
/m/04x4vj	A Civil Action is a 1998 American drama film directed by Steven Zaillian, starring John Travolta and Robert Duvall, based on the book of the same name by Jonathan Harr. Both the book and the film are based on a true story of a court case about environmental pollution that took place in Woburn, Massachusetts in the 1980s.\nThe movie and court case revolve around the issue of trichloroethylene, an industrial solvent, and its contamination of a local aquifer. A lawsuit was filed over industrial operations that appeared to have caused fatal cases of leukemia and cancer, as well as a wide variety of other health problems, among the citizens of the town. The case involved is Anne Anderson, et al., v. Cryovac, Inc., et al.. The first reported decision in the case is at 96 F.R.D. 431.\nDuvall was nominated for an Academy Award for his performance.
/m/01vrlqd	Betty Comden was one-half of the musical-comedy duo Comden and Green, who provided lyrics, libretti, and screenplays to some of the most beloved and successful Hollywood musicals and Broadway shows of the mid-20th century. Her writing partnership with Adolph Green lasted for six decades, during which time they collaborated with other leading entertainment figures such as the famed \"Freed Unit\" at MGM, Jule Styne and Leonard Bernstein, and wrote the cult musical comedy film Singin' in the Rain.
/m/02s9vc	The United States men's national soccer team, often referred to as the USMNT, represents the United States in international association football. It is controlled by the United States Soccer Federation and competes in CONCACAF. The team is ranked 13th in the world according to the FIFA World Rankings, and 12th in the World Football Elo Ratings. They have appeared in the last six FIFA World Cups and hosted the 1994 edition.\nThe men's national team competes in the FIFA World Cup and the FIFA Confederations Cup, in addition to the CONCACAF Gold Cup and other competitions by invitation. They achieved a CONCACAF-best when they reached the semi-final at the 1930 World Cup, finishing 3rd. After qualifying for the 1934 World Cup, and withdrawing in 1938, the next World Cup participation came at the 1950 tournament, causing an upset by defeating England 1–0 in their second group match. After 1950, the US didn't qualify for the World Cup again until 1990.\nAfter the 1990 World Cup, the US qualified automatically as hosts of the 1994 World Cup, eventually losing to Brazil in the round of sixteen. From then on, the team has qualified for every World Cup since, up to and including the 2014 World Cup. The national team improved on an international level, reaching the quarter-finals of the 2002 FIFA World Cup, where they lost to Germany 1-0. In 2009 they reached the final of the FIFA Confederations Cup, eliminating top-ranked Spain 2-0 in the semi-finals before losing to Brazil 3–2 in the final.
/m/0ftlkg	The 34th Academy Awards, honoring the best in film for 1961, were held on April 9, 1962 at the Santa Monica Civic Auditorium in Santa Monica, California. They were hosted by Bob Hope; this was the seventh time Hope hosted the Oscars.\nLegendary filmmaker Federico Fellini received his first Best Director nomination for his film La Dolce Vita, though the movie itself failed to garner a nomination for Best Picture.
/m/0c9d9	Jean Michel André Jarre is a French composer, performer and music producer. He is a pioneer in the electronic, ambient and New Age genres, and known as an organiser of outdoor spectacles of his music featuring lights, laser displays, and fireworks.\nJarre was raised in Lyon by his mother and grandparents, and trained on the piano. From an early age he was introduced to a variety of art forms, including those of street performers, jazz musicians, and the artist Pierre Soulages. He played guitar in a band, but his musical style was perhaps most heavily influenced by Pierre Schaeffer, a pioneer of musique concrète at the Groupe de Recherches Musicales.\nHis first mainstream success was the 1976 album Oxygène. Recorded in a makeshift studio at his home, the album sold an estimated 12 million copies. Oxygène was followed in 1978 by Équinoxe, and in 1979 Jarre performed to a record-breaking audience of more than a million people at the Place de la Concorde, a record he has since broken three times. More albums were to follow, but his 1979 concert served as a blueprint for his future performances around the world. Several of his albums have been released to coincide with large-scale outdoor events, and he is now perhaps as well known as a performer as well as a musician.
/m/0411q	John Lee Hooker was a highly influential American blues singer, songwriter and guitarist. Hooker was born in Mississippi, he was the son of a sharecropper, and rose to prominence performing his own interpretation of what was originally a unique style of country blues. He developed a 'talking blues' style that became his trademark. Though similar to the early Delta blues, his music was metrically free. John Lee Hooker could be said to embody his own genre of the blues, often incorporating the boogie-woogie piano style and a driving rhythm into his blues guitar playing and singing. His best known songs include Boogie Chillen', I'm in the Mood, and Boom Boom —the first two reaching #1 on the Billboard R&B chart.
/m/0k4d7	Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs is a 1937 American animated film produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by RKO Radio Pictures. Based on the German fairy tale by the Brothers Grimm, it is the first full-length cel animated feature film and the earliest in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series. The story was adapted by storyboard artists Dorothy Ann Blank, Richard Creedon, Merrill De Maris, Otto Englander, Earl Hurd, Dick Rickard, Ted Sears and Webb Smith. David Hand was the supervising director, while William Cottrell, Wilfred Jackson, Larry Morey, Perce Pearce, and Ben Sharpsteen directed the film's individual sequences.\nSnow White premiered at the Carthay Circle Theatre on December 21, 1937, followed by a nationwide release on February 4, 1938, and with international earnings of $8 million during its initial release briefly assumed the record of highest grossing sound film at the time. The popularity of the film has led to it being re-released theatrically many times, until its home video release in the 1990s. Adjusted for inflation, it is one of the top ten performers at the North American box office.\nAt the 11th Academy Awards, Walt Disney was awarded an honorary Oscar, and the film was nominated for Best Musical Score. It was added to the United States National Film Registry in 1989 and is ranked in the American Film Institute's list of the 100 greatest American films, who also named the film as the greatest American animated film of all time in 2008.
/m/047s_cr	Raghu Babu is a Telugu famous comedian well known for his comic expressions & timing in many successful films in Telugu industry, who is the elder son of famous comedian and character actor Giri Babu. He got married in 1988. He played a crucial role in comedy part in movies, establishing himself as the director's pick in several Telugu films. He is a Nandi Award nominee for a Telugu film. He is ready to debut as a director very soon.
/m/02r6c_	Elizabeth Jane Campion is a New Zealand screenwriter, producer, and director based in Australia. Campion is the second of four women ever nominated for the Academy Award for Best Director and is also the first female filmmaker in history to receive the Palme d'Or, which she received for directing the acclaimed film The Piano, for which she also won the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay.
/m/02sfnv	Cannonball Run II is a comedy film featuring Burt Reynolds and an all-star cast, released by Warner Bros. and Golden Harvest. Like the original Cannonball Run, it is a set around an illegal cross-country race.\nThe film received eight Golden Raspberry Award nominations at the 1984 Golden Raspberry Awards, including Worst Picture, Worst Actor, and Worst Actress, but no wins.\nThis was the last of the \"formula\" comedies for Reynolds. It is also marked the final feature film appearances of Dean Martin and Frank Sinatra. Their appearances, coupled with those of Sammy Davis, Jr. and Shirley MacLaine, marked the final on-screen appearance of the old Rat Pack team.
/m/06c62	Rome is a city and special comune in Italy. Rome is the capital of Italy and also of the Province of Rome and of the region of Lazio. With 2.7 million residents in 1,285.3 km², it is also the country's largest and most populated comune and fourth-most populous city in the European Union by population within city limits. The urban area of Rome extends beyond the administrative city limits with a population of around 3.8 million. Between 3.2 and 4.2 million people live in Rome metropolitan area. The city is located in the central-western portion of the Italian Peninsula, on the Tiber within Lazio. The Vatican City is an independent country within the city boundaries of Rome, the only example of a country within a city existing.\nRome's history spans more than two and a half thousand years, since its legendary founding in 753 BC. Rome is one of the oldest continuously occupied cities in Europe. It is referred to as \"The Eternal City\", a notion expressed by ancient Roman poets and writers. In the ancient world it was successively the capital city of the Roman Kingdom, the Roman Republic and the Roman Empire, and is regarded as one of the birthplaces of Western civilization. Since the 1st century AD, Rome has been considered the seat of the Papacy and in the 8th century it became the capital of the Papal States, which lasted until 1870. In 1871 Rome became the capital of the Kingdom of Italy, and in 1946 that of the Italian Republic.
/m/0444x	Jack French Kemp was an American politician and a collegiate and professional football player. A Republican, he served as Housing Secretary in the administration of President George H. W. Bush from 1989 to 1993, having previously served nine terms as a congressman for Western New York's 31st congressional district from 1971 to 1989. He was the Republican Party's nominee for Vice President in the 1996 election, where he was the running mate of presidential nominee Bob Dole. Kemp had previously contended for the presidential nomination in the 1988 Republican primaries.\nBefore entering politics, Kemp was a professional quarterback for 13 years. He played briefly in the National Football League and the Canadian Football League, but became a star in the American Football League. He served as captain of both the San Diego Chargers and Buffalo Bills and earned the AFL Most Valuable Player award in 1965 after leading the Bills to a second consecutive championship. He played in the AFL for all 10 years of its existence, appeared in its All-Star game seven times, played in its championship game five times, and set many of the league's career passing records. Kemp also co-founded the AFL Players Association, for which he served five terms as president. During the early part of his football career, he served in the United States Army Reserve.
/m/07tp2	Uganda, officially the Republic of Uganda, is a landlocked country in East Africa. It is bordered on the east by Kenya, on the north by South Sudan, on the west by the Democratic Republic of the Congo, on the southwest by Rwanda, and on the south by Tanzania. The southern part of the country includes a substantial portion of Lake Victoria, shared with Kenya and Tanzania, situating the country in the African Great Lakes region. Uganda also lies within the Nile basin, and has a varied but generally equatorial climate.\nUganda takes its name from the Buganda kingdom, which encompasses a large portion of the south of the country including the capital Kampala. The people of Uganda were hunter-gatherers until 1,700 to 2,300 years ago, when Bantu-speaking populations migrated to the southern parts of the country.\nBeginning in the late 1800s, the area was ruled as a colony by the British, who established administrative law across the territory. Uganda gained independence from Britain on 9 October 1962. The period since then has been marked by intermittent conflicts, most recently a lengthy civil war against the Lord's Resistance Army, which has caused tens of thousands of casualties and displaced more than a million people.
/m/04y9mm8	Piranha 3D is a 2010 American 3D horror comedy film and a remake of the 1978 film Piranha. It was directed by Alexandre Aja and sports an ensemble cast featuring Steven R. McQueen, Jessica Szohr, Jerry O'Connell, Richard Dreyfuss, Christopher Lloyd, Elisabeth Shue, Adam Scott, Kelly Brook, Riley Steele, Ving Rhames and Eli Roth.
/m/01k5t_3	Chris Thomas King is an American New Orleans, Louisiana-based blues musician and actor.
/m/07p12s	Miami Vice is a 2006 American crime drama film about two Miami police detectives, Crockett and Tubbs, who go undercover to fight drug trafficking operations. The film is an adaptation of the 1980s TV series of the same name, written, produced, and directed by Michael Mann. The film stars Jamie Foxx as Tubbs and Colin Farrell as Crockett, as well as Chinese actress Gong Li as Isabella.
/m/02y9wq	Dunedin is the second-largest city in the South Island of New Zealand, and the principal city of the Otago Region. While Tauranga, Napier-Hastings and Hamilton have eclipsed the city in population in recent years to make it only the seventh largest city in New Zealand, Dunedin is still considered to be one of the four main cities of New Zealand for historic, cultural, and geographic reasons. Dunedin was the largest city by territorial land area until superseded by Auckland on the creation of the Auckland Council in November 2010. Dunedin was the largest city in New Zealand by population until about 1900. The city population at 5 March 2013 was 120,246. The Dunedin urban area lies on the central-eastern coast of Otago, surrounding the head of Otago Harbour. The harbour and hills around Dunedin are the remnants of an extinct volcano. The city suburbs extend out into the surrounding valleys and hills, onto the isthmus of the Otago Peninsula, and along the shores of the Otago Harbour and the Pacific Ocean.\nThe city's largest industry is tertiary education – Dunedin is home to the University of Otago, New Zealand's first university, and the Otago Polytechnic. Students account for a large proportion of the population; 21.6 percent of the city's population was aged between 15 and 24 at the 2006 census, compared to the New Zealand average of 14.2 percent.
/m/01l1rw	Elmer Bernstein was an American composer and conductor best known for his many film scores. In a career which spanned fifty years, he composed music for hundreds of film and television productions. His most popular works include the scores to The Magnificent Seven, The Ten Commandments, The Great Escape, To Kill a Mockingbird, Ghostbusters, The Black Cauldron, and The Rookies.\nBernstein won an Oscar for his score to Thoroughly Modern Millie and was nominated for fourteen Oscars in total. He also won two Golden Globes and was nominated for two Grammy Awards.
/m/0wh3	Ann Arbor is a city in the US state of Michigan and the county seat of Washtenaw County. The 2010 census recorded its population to be 113,934, making it the fifth largest city in Michigan. The Ann Arbor Metropolitan Statistical Area includes all of Washtenaw County, which had a population of 344,791 as of 2010. The city is also part of the larger Detroit–Ann Arbor–Flint, MI CSA.\nAnn Arbor was founded in 1824, with one theory stating that it is named after the spouses of the city's founders and for the stands of trees in the area. The University of Michigan moved from Detroit to Ann Arbor in 1837, and the city showed steady growth throughout the 19th and 20th centuries, except during the Depression of 1873. During the 1960s and 1970s, the city gained a reputation as a center for left-wing politics. Ann Arbor became a focal point for political activism and served as a hub for the civil-rights movement and anti-Vietnam War movement, as well as various student movements.\nAnn Arbor is home to the University of Michigan, a world-renowned institution of higher education. The university shapes Ann Arbor's economy significantly as it employs about 30,000 workers, including about 12,000 in the medical center. The city's economy is also centered on high technology, with several companies drawn to the area by the university's research and development money, and by its graduates.
/m/0h1fktn	Glee: The 3D Concert Movie is a 2011 American 3-D concert film directed by Kevin Tancharoen. It is based on the Fox television series Glee and features the cast performing during the Glee Live! In Concert! tour.
/m/0dlm_	Riyadh is the capital and largest city of Saudi Arabia. It is also the capital of Riyadh Province, and belongs to the historical regions of Najd and Al-Yamama. It is situated in the center of the Arabian Peninsula on a large plateau, and is home to 5,254,560 people, and the urban center of a region with a population of close to 7 million people.\nThe city is divided into 15 municipal districts, managed by Riyadh Municipality headed by the mayor of Riyadh, and the Riyadh Development Authority, chaired by the governor of Riyadh Province, Khalid bin Bandar Al Saud. The current mayor of Riyadh is Abdullah bin Abdul Rahman Al Mogbel, appointed in 2012. Riyadh has the largest all female university in the world, the Princess Nora bint Abdulrahman University. It has been designated as a Beta World City.
/m/04f7c55	Nicholas Jerry \"Nick\" Jonas (born September 16, 1992) is an American singer-songwriter, musician and actor best known as one of the Jonas Brothers, a pop-rock band he formed with his brothers Joe and Kevin. The Jonas Brothers originally started as an attempted solo singing career for Nick, but the record producer liked the sound when his brothers sang backup for him. He currently stars in the Disney Channel original series JONAS L.A. as Nick Lucas, alongside his brothers. Currently he has formed the band Nick Jonas & The Administration, which released its first album in 2010.
/m/08x5c_	Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa is a Japanese-American actor and martial artist.\nIn addition to his extensive film work, he has appeared on television in Star Trek: The Next Generation, Thunder in Paradise, Nash Bridges, Baywatch: Hawaiian Wedding and Heroes. He also provided the voice of Sin Tzu for the video game Batman: Rise of Sin Tzu. He played the part of Earth Alliance security officer Morishi in Babylon 5. He played the evil soul-stealing sorcerer Shang Tsung in a film adaptation of the video game Mortal Kombat, and the evil mastermind Heihachi Mishima in the film adaptation of Tekken.
/m/0122wc	Real Sociedad de Fútbol, SAD, more commonly referred to as Real Sociedad, is a Spanish football club based in the city of San Sebastián, Basque Country, founded on 7 September 1909. Its home stadium is Anoeta, which seats 32,200 spectators. Real Sociedad won the La Liga title in 1980–81 and 1981–82, and last finished runners-up in 2002–03. The club play the Basque derby against Athletic Bilbao. Real Sociedad were founder members of La Liga in 1928, and their longest spell in the top flight was for 40 seasons from 1967 to 2007.\nReal Sociedad has also several sports sections: women's football, track and field, field hockey and basque pelota.
/m/05gml8	Lauren Michael Holly is an American-Canadian actress. She is known for her roles as Deputy Sheriff Maxine Stewart in the TV series Picket Fences, as Mary Swanson in the 1994 film Dumb & Dumber, and as Jenny Shepard on the TV series NCIS. She was married to comic actor Jim Carrey from 1996 to 1997.
/m/011yxg	Moulin Rouge! is a 2001 Australian–American romantic pastiche-jukebox musical film directed, produced, and co-written by Baz Luhrmann. It tells the story of a young English poet/writer, Christian, who falls in love with the terminally-ill star of the Moulin Rouge, cabaret actress and courtesan Satine. It uses the musical setting of the Montmartre Quarter of Paris, France. At the 74th Academy Awards, the film was nominated for eight Oscars, including Best Picture and Best Actress for Nicole Kidman, winning two: for Best Art Direction and Best Costume Design. It was the first musical nominated for Best Picture in 10 years, following Disney's Beauty and the Beast.
/m/01r7pq	Irene Cara is an American singer and actress. She became famous for her role in the 1980 film Fame, earning her a Golden Globe nomination, and her recording of the song \"Fame\" became an international hit. Cara won an Academy Award in 1984 in the category of Best Original Song for co-writing \"Flashdance... What a Feeling\", which also became an international hit.\"
/m/0crd8q6	Horrible Bosses is a 2011 black comedy film directed by Seth Gordon, written by Michael Markowitz, John Francis Daley and Jonathan Goldstein, based on a story by Markowitz. It stars Jason Bateman, Charlie Day, Jason Sudeikis, Jennifer Aniston, Colin Farrell, Kevin Spacey, and Jamie Foxx. The plot follows three friends, played by Bateman, Day, and Sudeikis, who decide to murder their respective overbearing, abusive bosses, portrayed by Spacey, Aniston and Farrell.\nMarkowitz's script was bought by New Line Cinema in 2005 and the film spent six years in various states of pre-production, with a variety of actors attached to different roles. By 2010, Goldstein and Daley had rewritten the script, and the film finally went into production.\nThe film premiered in Los Angeles on June 30, 2011, and received a wide release on July 8, 2011. The film exceeded financial expectations, accruing over $28 million in the first three days to make it the number two film in the United States during its opening weekend, and going on to become the highest grossing black comedy film of all time in unadjusted dollars, breaking the record previously set by The War of the Roses in 1990. The film grossed over $209 million worldwide during its theatrical run.
/m/01dys	Biathlon is a winter sport that combines cross-country skiing and rifle shooting. A variant is summer biathlon, which combines cross-country running with rifle shooting.
/m/05y0cr	Cyrano de Bergerac is a 1990 French comedy drama film directed by Jean-Paul Rappeneau and based on the 1897 play of the same name by Edmond Rostand, adapted by Jean-Claude Carrière and Rappeneau. It stars Gérard Depardieu, Anne Brochet and Vincent Pérez. The film was a co-production between companies in France and Hungary.\nThe film is the first theatrical film version of Rostand's original play in color, and the second theatrical film version of the play in the original French. It is also considerably more lavish than previous film versions of the play, and cuts less from it than, for instance the English-language 1950 film version. The film had 4,732,136 admissions in France.\nThe English subtitles use Anthony Burgess's translation of the text, which uses five-beat lines with a varying number of syllables and a regular couplet rhyming scheme, in other words, a sprung rhythm. Although he sustains the five-beat rhythm through most of the play, Burgess sometimes allows this structure to break deliberately: in Act V, he allows it collapse completely, creating a free verse.\nIt was ranked #43 in Empire magazine's \"The 100 Best Films Of World Cinema\" in 2010.
/m/0l15bq	A clap is the percussive sound made by striking together two flat surfaces, as in the body parts of humans or animals. Humans clap with the palms of their hands, often quickly and repeatedly to express appreciation or approval, but also in rhythm to match the sounds in music and dance.\nSome people slap the back of one hand into the palm of the other hand to signify urgency or enthusiasm. This act may be considered uncouth by others.\nClapping is used as a percussion element in many forms of music. One example is in gospel music. In flamenco and sevillanas, two Spanish musical genres, clapping often sets the rhythm and is an integral part of the songs. A sampled or synthesized clap is also a staple of electronic and pop music.
/m/0t_4_	Medford is a city in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, in the United States, on the Mystic River, five miles northwest of downtown Boston. In the 2010 U.S. Census, Medford's population was 56,173. It is the home of Tufts University.
/m/014_lq	Queens of the Stone Age is an American rock band from Palm Desert, California, United States, formed in 1996. The band's line-up includes founder Josh Homme, alongside longtime members Troy Van Leeuwen, Michael Shuman, Dean Fertita, and recent addition Jon Theodore.\nFormed after the dissolution of Homme's previous band, Kyuss, Queens of the Stone Age developed a style of riff-oriented, heavy rock music. Their sound has since evolved to incorporate a variety of different styles and influences, including working with ZZ Top member Billy Gibbons and steady contributor Mark Lanegan.
/m/0k1wz	Nikolai Andreyevich Rimsky-Korsakov was a Russian composer, and a member of the group of composers known as The Five. He was a master of orchestration. His best-known orchestral compositions—Capriccio Espagnol, the Russian Easter Festival Overture, and the symphonic suite Scheherazade—are staples of the classical music repertoire, along with suites and excerpts from some of his 15 operas. Scheherazade is an example of his frequent use of fairy tale and folk subjects.\nRimsky-Korsakov believed, as did fellow composer Mily Balakirev and critic Vladimir Stasov, in developing a nationalistic style of classical music. This style employed Russian folk song and lore along with exotic harmonic, melodic and rhythmic elements in a practice known as musical orientalism, and eschewed traditional Western compositional methods. However, Rimsky-Korsakov appreciated Western musical techniques after he became a professor of musical composition, harmony and orchestration at the Saint Petersburg Conservatory in 1871. He undertook a rigorous three-year program of self-education and became a master of Western methods, incorporating them alongside the influences of Mikhail Glinka and fellow members of The Five. His techniques of composition and orchestration were further enriched by his exposure to the works of Richard Wagner.
/m/051hrr	An electronic drum is an electronic synthesizer that mimics an acoustic drum kit.\nThe electronic drum usually consists of a set of pads mounted on a stand in a disposition similar to an acoustic drum kit. The pads are discs with a rubber or cloth-like coating. Each pad has a sensor that generates an electric signal when struck. The electric signal is transmitted through cables into an electronic module, which produces a sound associated to the selected pad.
/m/048rn	King Kong is a 1933 American fantasy monster/adventure film directed and produced by Merian C. Cooper and Ernest B. Schoedsack. The screenplay by James Ashmore Creelman and Ruth Rose was from an idea conceived by Cooper and Edgar Wallace. It stars Fay Wray, Bruce Cabot and Robert Armstrong, and opened in New York City on March 2, 1933 to rave reviews.\nThe film tells of a gigantic, island-dwelling ape called Kong who dies in an attempt to possess a beautiful young woman. Kong is distinguished for its stop-motion animation by Willis O'Brien and its musical score by Max Steiner. The film has been released to video, DVD, and Blu-ray Disc, and has been computer colorized. King Kong is often cited as one of the most iconic movies in the history of cinema. In 1991, it was deemed \"culturally, historically and aesthetically significant\" by the Library of Congress and selected for preservation in the National Film Registry. It has been remade twice: in 1976 and in 2005.
/m/03v52f	General Growth Properties, Inc. is an American real estate investment trust, headquartered at 110 North Wacker Drive in Chicago, Illinois, a historic building designed by architectural firm Graham, Anderson, Probst & White. It owns and manages shopping malls throughout the United States.
/m/012dtf	Franchot Tone was an American stage, film, and television actor, star of Mutiny on the Bounty and many other successful films throughout his career, such as Bonanza, Wagon Train, The Twilight Zone, The Alfred Hitchcock Hour, and The Lives of a Bengal Lancer. He is perhaps best known for his role as Roger Byam in Mutiny on the Bounty, staring along side Clark Gable.
/m/08gf93	Frederick Woodruff \"Ted\" Field is an American media mogul, entrepreneur and film producer.\nHe is an heir to the Field family fortune. At $1.2 billion, Field is No. 236 on the Forbes list of the 400 richest people.
/m/033g0y	The Austria national football team is the association football team that represents the country of Austria in international competition and is controlled by the Austrian Football Association. Austria has qualified for seven World Cups, most recently in 1998. The country played in the European Championship for the first time in 2008 when it co-hosted the event with Switzerland.
/m/02nx2k	Van Helsing is a 2004 American horror action film directed by Stephen Sommers. It stars Hugh Jackman as vigilante monster hunter Gabriel Van Helsing, and Kate Beckinsale as Anna Valerious. The film is an homage and tribute to the Universal Horror Monster films from the 1930s and '40s, of which director Stephen Sommers is a fan.\nThe titular character was inspired by the Dutch vampire hunter Abraham Van Helsing from Irish author Bram Stoker's novel Dracula. Distributed by Universal Pictures, the film includes a number of monsters such as Count Dracula, the Frankenstein's monster and werewolves in a way similar to the multi-monster movies that Universal produced in the 1940s, such as Frankenstein Meets the Wolf Man and House of Dracula.\nDespite mostly negative critical reviews, the film grossed over $300 million worldwide and was one of the biggest blockbusters released in 2004. A reboot starring Tom Cruise is in development.
/m/0p50v	Robert Oxton Bolt, CBE was an English playwright and a two-time Oscar-winning screenwriter, known for writing Lawrence of Arabia, Doctor Zhivago and A Man for All Seasons, the latter two of which won the Oscar for Best Adapted Screenplay.
/m/0gxmj	Calvados is a department in the Lower Normandy region in northwestern France. It takes its name from a cluster of rocks off the English Channel coast.
/m/05k2s_	Tom Noonan is an American actor and film writer-director.
/m/03d6q	Giuseppe Fortunino Francesco Verdi was an Italian Romantic composer primarily known for his operas. Verdi and Richard Wagner are considered the two preeminent opera composers of the nineteenth century. Verdi dominated the Italian opera scene after the eras of Bellini, Donizetti and Rossini. His works are frequently performed in opera houses throughout the world and, transcending the boundaries of the genre, some of his themes have long since taken root in popular culture, as \"La donna è mobile\" from Rigoletto, \"Libiamo ne' lieti calici\" from La traviata, \"Va, pensiero\" from Nabucco, the \"Coro di zingari\" from Il trovatore and the \"Grand March\" from Aida.\nMoved by the death of compatriot Alessandro Manzoni, Verdi wrote Messa da Requiem in 1874 in Manzoni's honour, a work now regarded as a masterpiece of the oratorio tradition and a testimony to his capacity outside the field of opera. Visionary and politically engaged, he remains – alongside Garibaldi and Cavour – an emblematic figure of the reunification process of the Italian peninsula.
/m/069z_5	Henry Corden was a Canadian-born American actor and voice artist best known for taking over the role of Fred Flintstone after Alan Reed died in 1977. His official debut as Fred's new voice was on the 1977 syndicated weekday series Fred Flintstone and Friends for which he provided voice-overs on brief bumper clips shown in-between segments..
/m/073hhn	PFC Beroe Stara Zagora or simply Beroe is a Bulgarian association football club based in Stara Zagora, which currently competes in A Football Group, the top division of the Bulgarian football league system. The club was founded in 1916 under the name Vereya. The club's home colours are green and white.\nThe football department of the sports club was founded in March 19, 1959, but its roots trace back to 1924, when SC Beroya was founded. Since then the home ground of Beroe has been the Beroe Stadium in Stara Zagora with 12,000 spectators seating capacity. Beroe were the 1986 champions of Bulgaria and they also won the Bulgarian Cup twice in 2010 and 2013. The club's most noted and successful player is Petko Petkov, 2 times A Group Top Scorer: 1974 and 1976.
/m/0yyts	Driving Miss Daisy is a 1989 American comedy-drama film adapted from the Alfred Uhry play of the same name. The film was directed by Bruce Beresford, with Morgan Freeman reprising his role as Hoke Colburn and Jessica Tandy playing Miss Daisy. The story defines Daisy and her point of view through a network of relationships and emotions by focusing on her home life, synagogue, friends, family, fears, and concerns over a 25-year period.
/m/03ttn0	The Iowa Hawkeyes football team is the football team at the University of Iowa in Iowa City, Iowa. The team is currently coached by Kirk Ferentz. The Hawkeyes have competed in the Big Ten Conference since 1900, and are currently a Division I Football Bowl Subdivision member of the NCAA. Since 2011, Iowa has competed in the Big Ten's Legends Division. The Hawkeyes play their home games at Kinnick Stadium, with a capacity of 70,585.\nIowa Hawkeyes have participated in 7 major bowl games under their rich program history. Having been to 5 Rose Bowls and 2 Orange Bowls. Winning 2 Rose and 1 Orange.
/m/01p8s	Costa Rica, officially the Republic of Costa Rica, is a country in Central America, bordered by Nicaragua to the north, Panama to the southeast, the Pacific Ocean to the west, and the Caribbean Sea to the east.\nCosta Rica was sparsely inhabited by indigenous people before it came under Spanish rule in the 16th century. Once a poor and isolated colony, since becoming independent in the 18th century, Costa Rica has become one of the most stable, prosperous, and progressive nations in Latin America. It constitutionally abolished its army permanently in 1949, becoming the first and one of the few sovereign nations without a standing army. A constitutional republic, it is the only Latin American country to have been a democracy since 1950 or earlier. Costa Rica has consistently been among the top-ranking Latin American countries in the Human Development Index, placing 62nd in the world as of 2012.\nIndeed, in 2010 Costa Rica was cited by the United Nations Development Programme as having attained much higher human development than other countries at the same income levels, while in 2011, the UNDP also identified it as a good performer on environmental sustainability, with a better record on human development and inequality than the median of their region.
/m/02py7pj	The Screen Actors Guild Life Achievement Award is given by the Screen Actors Guild's National Honors and Tributes Committee \"for outstanding achievement in fostering the finest ideals of the acting profession.\" The award predates the 1st Screen Actors Guild Awards by over thirty years, having been presented annually since 1962, except for 1964 and 1981.
/m/07vzd	The United States is a federal constitutional republic, in which the President of the United States, Congress, and judiciary share powers reserved to the national government, and the federal government shares sovereignty with the state governments.\nThe executive branch is headed by the President and is independent of the legislature. Legislative power is vested in the two chambers of Congress, the Senate and the House of Representatives. The judicial branch, composed of the Supreme Court and lower federal courts, exercises judicial power. The judiciary's function is to interpret the United States Constitution and federal laws and regulations. This includes resolving disputes between the executive and legislative branches. The federal government's layout is explained in the Constitution. Two political parties, the Democratic Party and the Republican Party, have dominated American politics since the American Civil War, although there are also smaller parties like the Libertarian Party, the Green Party, and the Constitution Party.\nThere are major differences between the political system of the United States and that of most other developed democracies. These include greater power in the upper house of the legislature, a wider scope of power held by the Supreme Court, the separation of powers between the legislature and the executive, and the dominance of only two main parties. Third parties have less political influence in the United States than in other developed country democracies.
/m/0c55fj	BBC HD was a high-definition television channel provided by the BBC. The service was initially run as a trial from 15 May 2006 until becoming a full service on 1 December 2007 before closing on 26 March 2013. The channel only broadcast during the afternoon and evening and would only broadcast material shot in High Definition, either in a simulcast with another channel or by inserting a repeat of a HD programme.\nThe channel featured a mix of programming including new episodes of Top Gear, Doctor Who and Hustle, repeats of HD programmes including Planet Earth, Bleak House and Torchwood as well as live coverage of large events such as The Proms, Wimbledon, the Eurovision Song Contest and the FIFA World Cup.\nThe channel was replaced by a HD simulcast of BBC Two, partly as a result of budget cuts affecting the entire corporation.
/m/06fz_	The Rhine is a European river that begins in the Swiss canton of Grisons in the southeastern Swiss Alps, forms the Franco-German border, then flows through Germany and eventually empties into the North Sea in the Netherlands. It is the twelfth longest river in Europe, at about 1,233 km, with an average discharge of more than 2,000 m³/s.\nThe Rhine and the Danube formed most of the northern inland frontier of the Roman Empire and, since those days, the Rhine has been a vital and navigable waterway carrying trade and goods deep inland. It has also served as a defensive feature and has been the basis for regional and international borders. The many castles and prehistoric fortifications along the Rhine testify to its importance as a waterway. River traffic could be stopped at these locations, usually for the purpose of collecting tolls, by the state that controlled that portion of the river.
/m/047g6	Karl Raimund Popper CH FBA FRS was an Austrian-British philosopher and professor at the London School of Economics. He is generally regarded as one of the greatest philosophers of science of the 20th century. Popper is known for his rejection of the classical inductivist views on the scientific method, in favour of empirical falsification: A theory in the empirical sciences can never be proven, but it can be falsified, meaning that it can and should be scrutinized by decisive experiments. If the outcome of an experiment contradicts the theory, one should refrain from ad hoc maneuvers that evade the contradiction merely by making it less falsifiable. Popper is also known for his opposition to the classical justificationist account of knowledge which he replaced with critical rationalism, \"the first non justificational philosophy of criticism in the history of philosophy\". In political discourse, he is known for his vigorous defence of liberal democracy and the principles of social criticism that he came to believe made a flourishing \"open society\" possible.
/m/0_7w6	Beauty and the Beast is a 1991 American animated musical romantic fantasy film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures. Based on the traditional French fairy tale of the same name by Jeanne-Marie Le Prince de Beaumont, Beauty and the Beast is the 30th film in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series. Additionally, it is third in the Disney Renaissance period. Starring Paige O'Hara and Robby Benson, Beauty and the Beast focuses on the relationship between the Beast, a prince who is magically transformed into a hideous monster as punishment for his selfishness, and Belle, a beautiful young woman who he imprisons in his castle. The film also features the voices of Richard White, Jerry Orbach, David Ogden Stiers and Angela Lansbury, who occupy supporting roles.\nWalt Disney first attempted to adapt \"Beauty and the Beast\" into an animated feature film during the 1930s and 1950s, but was unsuccessful. Following the unprecedented success of The Little Mermaid, Walt Disney Feature Animation decided to adapt the fairy tale, originally conceived by then-director Richard Purdum as a non-musical. Disney chairman Jeffrey Katzenberg eventually discontinued the idea and ordered that the film be a musical similar to The Little Mermaid instead, resulting in Purdum's resignation. Beauty and the Beast was directed by Gary Trousdale and Kirk Wise, with a screenplay by Linda Woolverton story first credited to Roger Allers. Lyricist Howard Ashman and composer Alan Menken wrote the film's songs. Ashman, who additionally served as an executive producer on the film, died of AIDS related complications eight months before the film's release, and the film was dedicated to his memory.
/m/01lyv	Country music is a genre of American popular music that originated in the rural regions of the Southern United States in the 1920s. It takes its roots from the southeastern genre of American folk music and Western music. Blues modes have been used extensively throughout its recorded history. Country music often consists of ballads and dance tunes with generally simple forms and harmonies accompanied by mostly string instruments such as banjos, electric and acoustic guitars, fiddles, and harmonicas.\nThe term country music gained popularity in the 1940s in preference to the earlier term hillbilly music; it came to encompass Western music, which evolved parallel to hillbilly music from similar roots, in the mid-20th century. The term country music is used today to describe many styles and subgenres. In 2009 country music was the most listened to rush hour radio genre during the evening commute, and second most popular in the morning commute in the United States.
/m/0j5ym	The Second Sino-Japanese War, called so after the First Sino-Japanese War of 1894–95, was a military conflict fought primarily between the Republic of China and the Empire of Japan from 1937 to 1941. China fought Japan with some economic help from Germany, the Soviet Union and the United States. After the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor in 1941, the war merged into the greater conflict of World War II as a major front of what is broadly known as the Pacific War. The Second Sino-Japanese War was the largest Asian war in the 20th century. It also made up more than 50% of the casualties in the Pacific War if the 1937–1941 period is taken into account.\nThe war was the result of a decades-long Japanese imperialist policy aiming to dominate China politically and militarily and to secure its vast raw material reserves and other economic resources, particularly food and labour. Before 1937, China and Japan fought in small, localized engagements, so-called \"incidents\". In 1931, the Japanese invasion of Manchuria by Japan's Kwantung Army followed the Mukden Incident. The last of these incidents was the Marco Polo Bridge Incident of 1937, marking the beginning of total war between the two countries.
/m/01w5jwb	Thomas DeCarlo Callaway, best known by his stage name CeeLo Green, is an American recording artist from Atlanta, Georgia. A singer-songwriter, rapper, record producer and actor, in 2011 CeeLo Green also became a talent show judge, working for American reality television singing competition The Voice. CeeLo Green came to initial prominence as a member of the southern hip hop group Goodie Mob, and as part of the soul duo Gnarls Barkley, with record producer Danger Mouse. Subsequently he embarked on a solo career, partially spurred by YouTube popularity. His work has earned numerous awards and accolades, including five Grammy Awards.\nInternationally, Green is best known for his soul work: his most popular was Gnarls Barkley's 2006 worldwide hit \"Crazy\", which reached number one in various singles charts worldwide, including the UK. In the United States, \"Crazy\" reached number two on the Billboard Hot 100. Its parent album St. Elsewhere, was also a hit, reaching number one on the UK Albums Chart and number four on the US Billboard 200 albums chart. Gnarls Barkley's second album, The Odd Couple, charted at number 12 on the Billboard 200.
/m/02wycg2	Daniel Richard \"Danny\" McBride is an American actor, producer, screenwriter and stand-up comedian.
/m/01fsz	Baroque music is a style of Western art music composed from approximately 1600 to 1750. This era followed the Renaissance, and was followed in turn by the Classical era. The word \"baroque\" comes from the Portuguese word barroco, meaning misshapen pearl, a negative description of the ornate and heavily ornamented music of this period. Later, the name came to apply also to the architecture of the same period.\nBaroque music forms a major portion of the \"classical music\" canon, being widely studied, performed, and listened to. Composers of the Baroque era include Johann Sebastian Bach, George Frideric Handel, Alessandro Scarlatti, Domenico Scarlatti, Antonio Vivaldi, Georg Philipp Telemann, Jean-Baptiste Lully, Arcangelo Corelli, Tomaso Albinoni, François Couperin, Denis Gaultier, Claudio Monteverdi, Heinrich Schütz, Jean-Philippe Rameau, Jan Dismas Zelenka, Johann Pachelbel, and Henry Purcell.\nThe Baroque period saw the creation of tonality. During the period, composers and performers used more elaborate musical ornamentation, made changes in musical notation, and developed new instrumental playing techniques. Baroque music expanded the size, range, and complexity of instrumental performance, and also established opera, cantata, oratorio, concerto, and sonata as musical genres. Many musical terms and concepts from this era are still in use today.
/m/0144wg	Doncaster is a town in South Yorkshire, England. Together with its surrounding suburbs and settlements, the town forms part of the Metropolitan Borough of Doncaster, which had a population of 302,400 at the 2011 census. The town itself has a population of 127,851. Doncaster is about 20 miles from Sheffield, and is served by an international airport, Robin Hood Airport Doncaster Sheffield, based in Finningley.
/m/018yj6	William Joseph Baldwin is an American actor, producer, and writer known for his starring roles in such films as Flatliners, Backdraft, Sliver, Fair Game, Virus, Double Bang, as Johnny 13 in Danny Phantom, Art Heist, The Squid and the Whale, as himself in Forgetting Sarah Marshall, as Senator Patrick Darling in the TV drama Dirty Sexy Money on ABC, Justice League: Crisis on Two Earths, and now Baldwin was a regular guest on Gossip Girl as William van der Woodsen until December 2012, and Parenthood as Gordon Flint. Baldwin appeared as lead detective Brian Albert in the Lifetime Original Movie The Craigslist Killer. In 2011, Baldwin was cast in a recurring role on Hawaii Five-0 as a dirty cop, former homicide detective Frank Delano, appearing over the show's second season as well as the season premiere episode of the third season. In 2013, Baldwin joined the cast of BBC America's Copper for two episodes of season 2, prior to the series being cancelled.
/m/04j1n8	The Guadeloupe regional football team represents the French overseas department and region of Guadeloupe in international football. The team is controlled by the Ligue Guadeloupéenne de Football, a local branch of French Football Federation.\nAs an overseas department of the French Republic, Guadeloupe is not a member of FIFA and is therefore not eligible to enter the FIFA World Cup or any competition organized first-hand by the organization. Guadeloupeans, being French citizens, are eligible to play for the France national football team. Guadeloupe is, however, a member of CONCACAF and the CFU and is eligible for all competitions organized by both organizations. Indeed, according to the status of the FFF: \"[...]Under the control of related continental confederations, and with the agreement of the FFF, those leagues can organize international sport events at a regional level or set up teams in order to participate to them.\" A special rule of the CONCACAF Gold Cup only allows players to join the team if they have not played for France during the past five years. On the other side, any player joining Guadeloupe is allowed to join the France national team after-wards without any time restrictions.
/m/092ggq	Leighton Marissa Meester is an American actress and singer. Meester starred as Blair Waldorf in the CW's teen drama television series Gossip Girl, garnering attention and critical acclaim. She has also appeared in the 2010 country drama film Country Strong, the 2011 thriller The Roommate, the 2011 romantic-comedy Monte Carlo, and the 2012 comedies That's My Boy and The Oranges.\nIn addition to her acting career, Meester has also ventured into music. She released two singles, recorded songs for various soundtracks and collaborated with several artists, being notably featured on Cobra Starship's \"Good Girls Go Bad\". Her musical style has since shifted from pop to folk. In 2012, she embarked on a mini tour with folk band Check in the Dark, with whom she has been working since 2010.
/m/0kv2r	Humboldt County is a county in the U.S. state of California, located on the far North Coast 200 miles north of San Francisco. According to 2010 Census Data, the county’s population was 134,623. Its primary population centers of Eureka, the county seat and site of College of the Redwoods main campus, and the smaller college town of Arcata, site of Humboldt State University, are located adjacent to Humboldt Bay, California's second largest natural bay. Area cities and towns are known for hundreds of ornate examples of Victorian architecture.\nHumboldt County is a densely forested, mountainous, and rural county with about 110 miles of coastline situated along the Pacific coast in Northern California's rugged Coast Ranges. With nearly 1,500,000 acres of combined public and private forest in production, Humboldt County alone produces twenty percent of total volume and thirty percent of the total value of all forest products produced in California. The county contains over forty percent of all remaining old growth Coast Redwood forests, the vast majority of which is protected or strictly conserved within dozens of national, state, and local forests and parks, totaling approximately 680,000 acres.
/m/0mwq7	Franklin County is a county located in South Central Pennsylvania. As of the 2010 census, the population was 149,618. Its county seat is Chambersburg.\nFranklin County lies to a large extent within the Cumberland Valley. The entire county of Franklin makes up the Chambersburg, PA Micropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/0263cyj	The NC State Wolfpack men's basketball team represents North Carolina State University in NCAA Division I men's basketball competition. The Wolfpack currently competes in the Atlantic Coast Conference, of which it was a founding member.\nPrior to joining the ACC in 1954, the Wolfpack was a member of the Southern Conference, where the Pack won seven conference championships. As a member of the ACC the Wolfpack has won ten conference championships and two national championships. State's unexpected 1983 title was one of the most memorable in NCAA history.\nSince 1999, the Pack has played most of its home games at PNC Arena.
/m/060bp	A prime minister is the most senior minister of cabinet in the executive branch of government in a parliamentary system. In many systems, the prime minister selects and may dismiss other members of the cabinet, and allocates posts to members within the government. In most systems, the prime minister is the presiding member and chairman of the cabinet. In a minority of systems, notably in semi-presidential systems of government, a prime minister is the official who is appointed to manage the civil service and execute the directives of the head of state.\nIn parliamentary systems fashioned after the Westminster system, the prime minister is the presiding and actual head of the government and head of the executive branch. In such systems, the head of state or the head of state's official representative usually holds a largely ceremonial position, although often with reserve powers.\nThe prime minister is often, but not always, a member of parliament and is expected with other ministers to ensure the passage of bills through the legislature. In some monarchies the monarch may also exercise executive powers which are constitutionally vested in the crown and may be exercised without the approval of parliament.
/m/03nc9d	The Grammy Award for Best Jazz Vocal Album is an award presented at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards, to recording artists for quality works in the Vocal jazz music genre. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position\".\nUntil 2001 this award was titled the Grammy Award for Best Jazz Vocal Performance. From 1981 to 1991 this category was presented as separate awards for Best Jazz Vocal Performance, Female and Best Jazz Vocal Performance, Male.\nYears reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were presented, for works released in the previous year.
/m/0t_48	Malden is a city in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States. At the time of the 2010 United States Census, the population was at 59,450 people. In 2009, Malden was named the \"Best Place to Raise Your Kids\" in Massachusetts by Bloomberg Businessweek.
/m/0jcky	Utah County is a county in the US state of Utah. As of the 2010 census, the population was 516,564, making it the second most populous county in Utah. The county seat and largest city is Provo, which is the third-largest city in the state. It was named for the Spanish name for the Ute Indians. The center of population of the state is located within this county, in the city of Lehi.\nUtah County is part of the Provo-Orem Metropolitan Statistical Area as well as the Salt Lake City–Ogden–Clearfield Combined Statistical Area.\nUtah County is one of seven counties in the United States to share the same name as their states.
/m/0ttxp	Towson is an unincorporated community and a census-designated place in Baltimore County, Maryland. The population was 55,197 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Baltimore County and the second-most populated unincorporated county seat in the United States.
/m/05563d	The Mothers of Invention were an American rock band from California that served as the backing musicians for Frank Zappa, a self-taught composer and performer whose diverse musical influences led him to create music that was often impossible to categorize. Their work is marked by the use of sonic experimentation, innovative album art, and elaborate live shows.\nOriginally an R&B band called The Soul Giants, the band's original lineup included Ray Collins, David Coronado, Ray Hunt, Roy Estrada and Jimmy Carl Black. Zappa was asked to take over as the band's guitarist following a fight between Collins and the band's original guitarist. Zappa insisted that the band perform original material, changing their name to The Mothers. Founded in 1964, the band first became popular playing in California's underground music scene in the late 1960s. Under Zappa's leadership, the band signed to Verve Records, releasing a début album, Freak Out!, with a lineup which consisted of Zappa, Collins, Black, Estrada and Elliot Ingber.\nUnder Zappa's leadership and a fluctuating lineup, the band released a series of acclaimed albums, including Absolutely Free, We're Only in It for the Money and Uncle Meat, before being disbanded by Zappa in 1969. In 1970, Zappa formed a new lineup of The Mothers which included Ian Underwood, Jeff Simmons, George Duke, Aynsley Dunbar and singers Mark Volman and Howard Kaylan, formerly of The Turtles, who were credited as The Phlorescent Leech & Eddie for contractual reasons. Later adding another ex-Turtle, bassist Jim Pons, this lineup lasted until the end of 1971, when Zappa was injured by an audience member during a concert.
/m/04kny3	St Patrick's Athletic F.C. is an Irish football club, based in Inchicore, Dublin, that plays in the Irish Premier Division. Founded in May 1929, they played originally in the Phoenix Park but they moved to their current ground Richmond Park in 1930.\nSt Patrick's Athletic have won many trophies in Irish Club Football, including nine League Titles, the fourth most in Irish Football, as well as two FAI Cups and two League Cups. The current manager is Liam Buckley, who is in his second spell in charge at the club after replacing Pete Mahon in 2011. St Patrick's Athletic are the current Champions of Ireland after winning the 2013 Championship.\nThe club graduated through the ranks of Irish football to become a hugely successful Leinster Senior League club and they duly took their place in the League of Ireland in 1951 and won the Championship at their first attempt. The club's glory years came in the 1950s and 1990s when they won 7 of their 9 league titles. The club also have the record for never having been relegated from the Premier Division . The club play in red and white colours, and their nicknames include The Saints, Supersaints and Pats. The Saints also have a lot of Dublin Derby games with the likes of Shelbourne, Shamrock Rovers and Bohemians.
/m/01r4k	Civil engineering is a professional engineering discipline that deals with the design, construction, and maintenance of the physical and naturally built environment, including works like roads, bridges, canals, dams, and buildings. Civil engineering is the second-oldest engineering discipline after military engineering, and it is defined to distinguish non-military engineering from military engineering. It is traditionally broken into several sub-disciplines including environmental engineering, geotechnical engineering, geophysics, geodesy, control engineering, structural engineering, transportation engineering, earth science, atmospheric sciences, forensic engineering, municipal or urban engineering, water resources engineering, materials engineering, offshore engineering, quantity surveying, coastal engineering, surveying, and construction engineering. Civil engineering takes place in the public sector from municipal through to national governments, and in the private sector from individual homeowners through to international companies.
/m/08966	Zürich or Zurich is the largest city in Switzerland and the capital of the canton of Zürich. It is located in north-central Switzerland at the northwestern tip of Lake Zürich. The municipality has approximately 400,028 inhabitants, and the Zurich metropolitan area 1.83 million. Zürich is a hub for railways, roads, and air traffic. Both Zürich Airport and railway station are the largest and busiest in the country.\nPermanently settled for around 2000 years, the history of Zürich goes back to its founding by the Romans, who, in 15 BC, called it Turicum. However, early settlements have been found dating back more than 6400 years ago. During the Middle Ages Zürich gained the independent and privileged status of imperial immediacy and, in 1519, became a primary centre of the Protestant Reformation in Europe under the leadership of Ulrich Zwingli.\nZürich is a leading global city and among the world's largest financial centres. The city is home to a large number of financial institutions and banking giants. Most of Switzerland's research and development centres are concentrated in Zürich and the low tax rates attract overseas companies to set up their headquarters there.
/m/071jrc	John Francis Seitz, A.S.C. was an American cinematographer and inventor.\nHe was nominated for seven Academy Awards.
/m/087wc7n	Dr. Seuss' The Lorax is a 2012 American computer-animated 3D musical fantasy comedy film produced by Illumination Entertainment and based on Dr. Seuss' children's book of the same name. The film was released by Universal Pictures on March 2, 2012, the 108th birthday of Dr. Seuss.\nIt is the second adaptation of the book, following the 1972 animated musical television special. It builds on the book by expanding the story of Ted, the previously unnamed boy who visits the Once-ler. The cast includes Zac Efron as Ted, Danny DeVito as the Lorax, and Ed Helms as the Once-ler. New characters introduced in the film are Audrey, who is voiced by Taylor Swift, Aloysius O'Hare, voiced by Rob Riggle, and Grammy Norma, voiced by Betty White. The film was a box office success, although it received mixed reviews.
/m/092t4b	The 8th Screen Actors Guild Awards were given on 9 March 2002.
/m/03c3jzx	Mongol invasions progressed throughout the 13th century, resulting in the vast Mongol Empire which covered much of Asia and Eastern Europe by 1300. Historians regard the Mongol raids and invasions as some of the deadliest conflicts in human history. Brian Landers has offered that, \"One empire in particular exceeded any that had gone before, and crossed from Asia into Europe in an orgy of violence and destruction. The Mongols brought terror to Europe on a scale not seen again until the twentieth century.\" Diana Lary contends that the Mongol invasions induced population displacement \"on a scale never seen before,\" particularly in Central Asia and eastern Europe. She adds, \"the impending arrival of the Mongol hordes spread terror and panic.\" Tsai concludes, \"The Mongol conquests shook Eurasia and were of significant influence in world history.\"\nThe Mongol Empire emerged in the course of the 13th century by a series of conquests and invasions throughout Central and Western Asia, reaching Eastern Europe by the 1240s. The speed and extent of territorial expansion parallels the Hunnic/Turkic conquests of the Migration period.\nThe territorial gains of the Mongols persisted into the 14th century in China, into the 15th century in Persia and in Russia, and into the 19th century in India.
/m/06l7jj	Sweden women's national football team are a football team officially representing Sweden in women's football. They won the unofficial European Championships in 1984, a success the team has not managed to repeat, it has however won one World Cup-silver as well as three European Cup-silvers. The team has participated in three Olympic Games, four World Cups, as well as seven European Cups. Sweden won the bronze medal at the 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup.\nThe 2003 World Cup-final was the second most watched event in Sweden that year. The top goal scorer in team history is Hanna Ljungberg with 72 goals. The player with the most caps is Therese Sjögran, with 184. The team was coached by Thomas Dennerby from 2005 to 2012, and the current trainer is Pia Sundhage, who joined in September '12 after most recently winning the Olympic gold medal in London with the United States. Sundhage's contract goes into effect in December 2012.\nAfter winning the 2 qualifying matches against Denmark for the Beijing 2008 Olympics, the Swedish Olympic Committee approved of record increases in investments for the women's team. The new budget granted over a million SEK for the team and 150,000 SEK per player for developing physical fitness. The new grants are almost a 100% increase of the 2005 and 2006 season funds.
/m/048wrb	Stephen James Merchant is an English writer, director, radio presenter, comedian, and actor. He is best known for his collaborations with Ricky Gervais, as the co-writer and co-director of the popular British sitcom The Office, as the co-writer, co-director and a co-star of Extras, and as the co-host of The Ricky Gervais Show in its radio, podcast, audiobook and television-show forms. The Ricky Gervais Show in radio form won a bronze Sony Award.\nMerchant appeared in the BBC TV series Life's Too Short which he co-wrote and co-directed. He also voiced the character Wheatley in the popular 2011 video game Portal 2, co-developed the Sky1 travel series An Idiot Abroad, and performs as a stand-up comedian. He has won three BAFTA Awards, four British Comedy Awards, two Golden Globes and an Emmy Award. Merchant's latest role is Stuart on a show he writes and directs, called Hello Ladies.
/m/05c6073	Electronic rock, also commonly referred to as synthrock, electrorock, techno-rock, or digital rock is rock music generated with electronic instruments. It has been highly dependent on technological developments, particularly the invention and refinement of the synthesizer, the development of the MIDI digital format and computer technology.\nIn the late 1960s rock musicians began to use electronic instruments, like the theremin and Mellotron, to supplement and define their sound, by the end of the decade the Moog synthesizer took a leading place in the sound of emerging progressive rock bands who would dominate rock in the early 1970s. After the arrival of punk rock a form of basic synth rock emerged, increasingly using new digital technology to replace other instruments. In the 1980s more commercially oriented synth pop dominated electronic rock. In the 1990s big beat and industrial rock were among the most important new trends and in the new millennium the spread of recording software led to the development of new distinct genres including indietronica, electroclash, dance-punk and new rave.
/m/0806vbn	Harry Shum, Jr. is a Costa Rican-born American dancer, actor, choreographer and singer of Chinese descent. He is best known for his role as Mike Chang on the Fox television show Glee. He has appeared in dance films such as Stomp the Yard, You Got Served, Step Up 2: The Streets and Step Up 3D. He also plays the character of Elliot Hoo in The Legion of Extraordinary Dancers.
/m/0tc7	Arnold Alois Schwarzenegger is an Austrian American actor, politician, businessman, investor, and former professional bodybuilder. Schwarzenegger served two terms as the 38th Governor of California from 2003 until 2011.\nSchwarzenegger began weight training at the age of 15. He won the Mr. Universe title at age 20 and went on to win the Mr. Olympia contest seven times. Schwarzenegger has remained a prominent presence in bodybuilding and has written many books and articles on the sport. Schwarzenegger gained worldwide fame as a Hollywood action film icon. He was nicknamed the \"Austrian Oak\" and the \"Styrian Oak\" in his bodybuilding days, \"Arnie\" during his acting career and more recently \"The Governator\".\nAs a Republican, he was first elected on October 7, 2003, in a special recall election to replace then-Governor Gray Davis. Schwarzenegger was sworn in on November 17, 2003, to serve the remainder of Davis's term. Schwarzenegger was then re-elected on November 7, 2006, in California's 2006 gubernatorial election, to serve a full term as governor, defeating Democrat Phil Angelides, who was California State Treasurer at the time. Schwarzenegger was sworn in for his second term on January 5, 2007. In 2011, Schwarzenegger completed his second term as governor, and it was announced that he had separated from Maria Shriver, his wife for the last 25 years; she is a member of the influential Kennedy family, as a niece of the late Democratic US President John F. Kennedy.
/m/01nvmd_	Mandel Bruce \"Mandy\" Patinkin is an American actor and tenor singer.\nPatinkin is well known for his portrayal of Íñigo Montoya in The Princess Bride in 1987. His other film credits include Alien Nation, Yentl, and Dick Tracy. He has appeared in major roles in television series such as Chicago Hope, Dead Like Me, and Criminal Minds, and plays Saul Berenson in the Showtime series Homeland.\nHe is a noted interpreter of the musical works of Stephen Sondheim, and is known for his work in musical theatre, originating iconic roles such as Georges Seurat in Sunday in the Park with George and Ché in the original Broadway production of Evita.
/m/01p45_v	Robert Michael Nesmith is an American musician, songwriter, actor, producer, novelist, businessman, and philanthropist, best known as a member of the rock band The Monkees and co-star of The Monkees TV series. Nesmith is a songwriter, including \"Different Drum\", and executive producer of the cult film Repo Man. He also is credited with creating the genre of the music video. In 1981, Nesmith won the first Grammy Award given for Video of the Year for his hour-long television show, Elephant Parts.
/m/0135k2	Dortmund is a city in Germany. It is located in the Bundesland of North Rhine-Westphalia. Its population of 571,403 makes it the 8th largest city in Germany. Dortmund is the largest city by area and population in the Ruhr Area, an urban area with some 5.1 million inhabitants which is the largest urban agglomeration in Germany. Dortmund is also a part of the larger Rhine-Ruhr metropolitan region of more than 12 million people.\nThe river Ruhr flows south of the city, and the small river Emscher flows through the municipal area. The Dortmund-Ems Canal also terminates in the Dortmund Port, which is the largest European canal port, and links Dortmund to the North Sea.\nDortmund is known as Westfalia's \"green metropolis\". Nearly half the municipal territory consists of waterways, woodland, agriculture and green spaces with spacious parks such as Westfalenpark and the Rombergpark. This contrasts with nearly a hundred years of extensive coal mining and steel milling within the city limits.
/m/0190y4	Dub is a genre of music which grew out of reggae music in the 1960s, and is commonly considered a subgenre, though it has developed to extend beyond the scope of reggae. Music in this genre consists predominantly of instrumental remixes of existing recordings and is achieved by significantly manipulating and reshaping the recordings, usually by removing the vocals from an existing music piece, and emphasizing the drum and bass parts. Other techniques include dynamically adding extensive echo, reverb, panoramic delay, and occasional dubbing of vocal or instrumental snippets from the original version or other works.\nDub was pioneered by Osbourne \"King Tubby\" Ruddock, Lee \"Scratch\" Perry, Errol Thompson and others in the late 1960s. Similar experiments with recordings at the mixing desk outside of the dancehall environment were also done by producers Clive Chin and Herman Chin Loy. These producers, especially Ruddock and Perry, looked upon the mixing console as an instrument, manipulating tracks to come up with something new and different. Dub has influenced many genres of music, including rock, pop, hip hop, disco, and later house, techno, ambient, and trip hop. Dub has become a basis for the genres of jungle/drum and bass and dubstep.
/m/0dq23	General Dynamics Corporation is an American aerospace and defense company formed by mergers and divestitures. It is the world's fifth-largest defense contractor based on 2012 revenues. General Dynamics is headquartered in West Falls Church, Fairfax County, Virginia.\nThe company has changed markedly in the post-Cold War era of defense consolidation. It has four main business segments: Marine Systems; Combat Systems; Information Systems and Technology; and Aerospace. Until 1993, when production was sold to Lockheed, General Dynamics' former Fort Worth Division manufactured the Western world's most-produced jet fighter, the F-16 Fighting Falcon. In 1999, the company re-entered the airframe business with its purchase of Gulfstream Aerospace.
/m/024_vw	Charles Bernard \"Charlie\" Rangel is the U.S. Representative for New York's 13th congressional district. A member of the Democratic Party, he is the third-longest currently serving member of the House of Representatives, serving consistently since 1971. As its most senior member, he is also the Dean of New York's congressional delegation. Rangel was the first African-American Chair of the influential House Ways and Means Committee. He is also a founding member of the Congressional Black Caucus.\nRangel was born in Harlem in New York City. He earned a Purple Heart and a Bronze Star for his service in the U.S. Army during the Korean War, where he led a group of soldiers out of a deadly Chinese Army encirclement during the Battle of Kunu-ri in 1950. Rangel graduated from New York University in 1957, and St. John's University School of Law in 1960. He then worked as a private lawyer, Assistant U.S. Attorney, and legal counsel during the early-mid-1960s. He served two terms in the New York State Assembly, from 1967 to 1971, and then defeated long-time incumbent Congressman Adam Clayton Powell, Jr. in a primary challenge on his way to being elected to the House of Representatives.
/m/09glbnt	Entertainment One, Ltd., also known as eOne, is an international entertainment corporation operating in the United States, Canada, the UK, Spain, Ireland, France, the Netherlands, Belgium, Australia and New Zealand. It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.
/m/0mgp	Adelaide is the capital city of South Australia and the fifth-largest city in Australia. At the time of the 2011 census, Adelaide had a population of 1.23 million. The demonym \"Adelaidean\" is used in reference to the city and its residents. Adelaide is north of the Fleurieu Peninsula, on the Adelaide Plains between the Gulf St Vincent and the low-lying Mount Lofty Ranges which surround the city. Adelaide stretches 20 km from the coast to the foothills, and 90 km from Gawler at its northern extent to Sellicks Beach in the south.\nNamed in honour of Adelaide of Saxe-Meiningen, queen consort to King William IV, the city was founded in 1836 as the planned capital for a freely settled British province in Australia. Colonel William Light, one of Adelaide's founding fathers, designed the city and chose its location close to the River Torrens, in the area originally inhabited by the Kaurna people. Light's design set out Adelaide in a grid layout, interspaced by wide boulevards and large public squares, and entirely surrounded by parklands. Early Adelaide was shaped by religious freedom and a commitment to political progressivism and civil liberties, which led to the moniker \"City of Churches\".
/m/01g7_r	Bryn Mawr College is a women's liberal arts college in Bryn Mawr, a community in Lower Merion Township, in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania, ten miles west of Philadelphia. The phrase bryn mawr means \"big hill\" in Welsh.\nBryn Mawr is one of the Seven Sister colleges, and is part of the Tri-College Consortium along with two other colleges founded by Quakers—Swarthmore College and Haverford College. The school has an enrollment of about 1300 undergraduate students and 450 graduate students.
/m/04x4r	A mental disorder, also called a mental illness or psychiatric disorder, is a mental or behavioral pattern or anomaly that causes either suffering or an impaired ability to function in ordinary life, and which is not developmentally or socially normative. Mental disorders are generally defined by a combination of how a person feels, acts, thinks or perceives. This may be associated with particular regions or functions of the brain or rest of the nervous system, often in a social context. Mental disorder is one aspect of mental health.\nThe causes of mental disorders are varied and in some cases unclear, and theories may incorporate findings from a range of fields. Services are based in psychiatric hospitals or in the community, and assessments are carried out by psychiatrists, clinical psychologists and clinical social workers, using various methods but often relying on observation and questioning. Clinical treatments are provided by various mental health professionals. Psychotherapy and psychiatric medication are two major treatment options, as are social interventions, peer support and self-help. In a minority of cases there might be involuntary detention or involuntary treatment, where legislation allows. Stigma and discrimination can add to the suffering and disability associated with mental disorders, leading to various social movements attempting to increase understanding and challenge social exclusion. Prevention is now appearing in some mental health strategies.
/m/01p8r8	Michael Craig \"Mike\" Judge is an American actor, voice actor, animator, screenwriter, film director, producer, cartoonist, and musician. He is best known as the creator and star of the animated television series Beavis and Butt-head, King of the Hill, and The Goode Family.\nHe also wrote, directed and in some instances produced the films Beavis and Butt-head Do America, Office Space, Idiocracy and Extract. Judge is also known for his role as Donnagon Giggles in the Spy Kids movie franchise.
/m/0drsm	Cayuga County is a county located in the U.S. state of New York. It was named for one of the tribes of Indians in the Iroquois Confederation. As of the 2010 census, the population was 80,026. Its county seat is Auburn.
/m/09g7thr	The Times Higher Education World University Rankings are annual world university rankings published by the British magazine Times Higher Education with data supplied by Thomson Reuters that provides citation database information. They include both the overall and the subject rankings. Moreover, the additional World Reputation Rankings which are independent of the main rankings have also been released starting from 2011.\nOriginally, the Times Higher Education began publishing the Times Higher Education–QS World University Rankings in 2004 with Quacquarelli Symonds but they ended their partnership in 2010 and both started to release their own rankings. QS has published its rankings with the old existing methodology as the QS World University Rankings, while Times created and adopted a new one.\nToday, the Times Higher Education World University Rankings are regarded to be one of the three most influential and widely observed international university rankings, along with the QS World University Rankings and the Academic Ranking of World Universities.
/m/01qq80	Suzhou, formerly romanized as Soochow, is a major city in the southeast of Jiangsu Province in Eastern China, adjacent to Shanghai Municipality. The city is on the lower reaches of the Yangtze River and on the shores of Taihu Lake and is a part of the Yangtze River Delta region. Administratively, Suzhou is a prefecture-level city with an urban population of over 4 million in its core districts expanding to over 10 million in the administrative area. It is considered one of the richest major cities in China.\nOriginally founded in 514 BC, Suzhou has over 2,500 years of rich history, and relics of the past are abundant to this day. Circa AD 100, during the Eastern Han Dynasty, it became one of the ten largest cities in the world due to immigration. Since the 10th-century Song Dynasty, it has been an important commercial center of China. During the Ming and Qing Dynasty, Suzhou was the nation's economic, cultural and commercial center, as well as the largest non-capital city in the world, until the 1860 Taiping Rebellion. When Li Hongzhang and Charles George Gordon recaptured the city three years later, Shanghai had already taken its predominant place in the nation.\nThe city's canals, stone bridges, pagodas, and meticulously designed gardens have contributed to its status as one of the top tourist attractions in China. The classical gardens in Suzhou were added to the list of the UNESCO World Heritage Sites in 1997 and 2000. Suzhou is often dubbed the \"Venice of the East\" or \"Venice of China\".
/m/038hg	Green is the color of growing grass and leaves, of emeralds, and of jade. In the continuum of colors of visible light, it is located between yellow and blue. It is also one of three primary additive colors, along with red and blue, which, combined in different combinations on a computer or television display, make all the other colors.\nGreen is the color most commonly associated with nature, the environmental movement, Ireland, Islam, spring, hope and envy.
/m/0jgwf	Sir David Lean, CBE was an English film director, producer, screenwriter and editor, best remembered for big-screen epics such as The Bridge on the River Kwai, Lawrence of Arabia, and Doctor Zhivago; for perhaps the most highly regarded of all the adaptations of Dickens' novels with Great Expectations and Oliver Twist; and for the renowned romantic drama Brief Encounter.\nAcclaimed by directors including Steven Spielberg and Stanley Kubrick, Lean was voted 9th greatest film director of all time in the British Film Institute Sight & Sound \"Directors' Top Directors\" poll 2002. Nominated seven times for the Academy Award for Best Director, for which he won twice for The Bridge on the River Kwai, and Lawrence of Arabia. Lean has three films in the top five of the British Film Institute's Top 100 British Films.
/m/0127s7	Christina María Aguilera is an American singer and actress. Born in Staten Island, New York and raised in Rochester and Wexford, Pennsylvania, she appeared on television series Star Search and The Mickey Mouse Club as a child. Aguilera rose to prominence with her self-titled debut album in 1999, which spawned three US number-one singles: \"Genie in a Bottle\", \"What a Girl Wants\" and \"Come On Over Baby\". Her follow-up records, Mi Reflejo and My Kind of Christmas, experienced moderate success worldwide. During the promotion of these albums, Aguilera's image was marketed as a bubblegum pop singer.\nDispleased with her lack of input in her image and music, Aguilera assumed creative control for her follow up album, Stripped, which draws influences from many music genres including soul, hip hop, and rock. Aguilera's fifth studio album, Back to Basics, incorporates elements of 1920s–1940s blues, soul, and jazz music. In 2010, Aguilera released her sixth studio album Bionic featuring elements from electronic genres and starred alongside Cher in the film Burlesque. Her seventh studio album, Lotus, is primarily a pop album. Since 2011, Aguilera has served as a coach on US television series The Voice, having appeared on four of its five seasons. Besides her work in the entertainment industry, Aguilera was involved in charitable activities through human rights, world issues, and her work as a UN ambassador for the World Food Programme.
/m/09qbdc	Eastleigh Football Club is an English professional football club based in Eastleigh, Hampshire. The club are currently members of the Conference South and play at the Silverlake Stadium.
/m/02kxbx3	Joel Coen is a screenwriter, film director and producer.
/m/01vqc7	Real Club Deportivo Mallorca, S.A.D. is a Spanish football team based in Palma, in the Balearic Islands. Founded on 5 March 1916 it currently plays in Segunda División, holding home games at the Iberostar Stadium.\nTeam colours are red shirts with black shorts and black socks.
/m/01msrb	Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves is a 1991 American adventure film directed by Kevin Reynolds. The film stars Kevin Costner as Robin Hood, Morgan Freeman as Azeem, Christian Slater as Will Scarlet, Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio as Maid Marian of Dubois, and Alan Rickman as the Sheriff of Nottingham.\nThe movie was a major box office hit, making over $390 million worldwide, which made it the third highest grossing film of 1991. Rickman received the BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Supporting Role, while the film's theme song, \" I Do It for You\", by Bryan Adams, was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Song.
/m/08sdrw	Adventure fiction is a genre of fiction in which an adventure, an exciting undertaking involving risk and physical danger, forms the main storyline.
/m/02flpq	The Grammy Award for Best Contemporary R&B Gospel Album was an honor presented at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards, to recording artists for quality gospel albums incorporating contemporary R&B music. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position.\" In 1991, the award originated as Best Contemporary Soul Gospel Album, and renamed in 2007. Previously, a similar award, the Grammy Award for Best Soul Gospel Performance, Contemporary, was given from 1978 to 1983.\nAccording to the category description guide for the 52nd Grammy Awards, the award is presented to \"a newly recorded album with at least fifty-one percent R&B Gospel vocal tracks. A solo artist with a choir or chorus is eligible when the choir/chorus provides backing on what is considered an album for the solo artist.\"\nThe award will be discontinued from 2012 in a major overhaul of Grammy categories. From 2012, recordings in this category will be shifted to the newly formed Best Gospel Album category.
/m/05km8z	John Allan Hyatt Box OBE, was a British film production designer and art director. During his career he won the Academy Award for Best Art Direction on four occasions and won the equivalent BAFTA three times, a record for both awards. Throughout his career he gained a reputation for recreating exotic locations in rather more mundane surroundings, he once created a walled Chinese city in Snowdonia.
/m/0sngf	Anderson is a city in and the county seat of Madison County, Indiana, United States. It is the principal city of the Anderson, Indiana Metropolitan Statistical Area which encompasses Madison County. Anderson is the headquarters of the Church of God and home of Anderson University, which is affiliated with that denomination. Highlights of the city include the historic Paramount Theatre and the Gruenewald Historic House.\nThe population was 56,129 at the 2010 census.
/m/0nrqh	Polk County is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa. The population was 430,640 in the 2010 census, an increase from 374,601 in the 2000 census, making it the most populous county in Iowa. The county seat is Des Moines, which is also the capital city of Iowa.\nPolk County is one of the five counties that make up the Des Moines–West Des Moines Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/03_d0	Jazz is a music genre that originated at the beginning of the 20th century, arguably earlier, within the African-American communities of the Southern United States. Its roots lie in the combining by African-Americans of certain European harmony and form elements, with their existing African-based music. Its African musical basis is evident in its use of blue notes, improvisation, polyrhythms, syncopation and the swung note. From its early development until the present day, jazz has also incorporated elements from popular music especially, in its early days, from American popular music.\nAs the music has developed and spread around the world it has, since its early American beginnings, drawn on many different national, regional and local musical cultures, giving rise to many distinctive styles: New Orleans jazz dating from the early 1910s, big band swing, Kansas City jazz and Gypsy jazz from the 1930s and 1940s, bebop from the mid-1940s on down through Afro-Cuban jazz, West Coast jazz, ska jazz, cool jazz, Indo jazz, avant-garde jazz, soul jazz, modal jazz, chamber jazz, free jazz, Latin jazz in various forms, smooth jazz, jazz fusion and jazz rock, jazz funk, loft jazz, punk jazz, acid jazz, ethno jazz, jazz rap, cyber jazz, M-Base, nu jazz and other ways of playing the music.
/m/0gj95	Carlisle Scottish Gaelic: Cathair Luail is a city and the county town of Cumbria. Historically in Cumberland, it is also the administrative centre of the City of Carlisle borough in North West England. Carlisle is located at the confluence of the rivers Eden, Caldew and Petteril, 10 miles south of the Scottish border. It is the largest settlement in the county of Cumbria, and serves as the administrative centre for both Carlisle City Council and Cumbria County Council. At the time of the 2001 census, the population of Carlisle was 71,773, with 100,734 living in the wider city. Ten years later, at the 2011 census, the city's population had risen to 75,306, with 107,524 in the wider city.\nThe early history of Carlisle is marked by its status as a Roman settlement, established to serve the forts on Hadrian's Wall. During the Middle Ages, because of its proximity to the Kingdom of Scotland, Carlisle became an important military stronghold; Carlisle Castle, still relatively intact, was built in 1092 by William Rufus, and once served as a prison for Mary, Queen of Scots. The castle now houses the Duke of Lancaster's Regiment and the Border Regiment Museum. In the early 12th century Henry I allowed the foundation of a priory in Carlisle. The town gained the status of a diocese in 1122, and the priory became Carlisle Cathedral.
/m/02flpc	The Grammy Award for Best Traditional Gospel Album was awarded from 1991 to 2011. A similar award, the Grammy Award for Best Soul Gospel Performance, Traditional was awarded from 1978 to 1983. It was previously known as the award Best Traditional Soul Gospel Album.\nAccording to the category description guide for the 52nd Grammy Awards, the award is reserved for \"albums containing at least 51% playing time of newly recorded traditional gospel vocal tracks\" performed by \"solo artists, duos, groups or choirs/choruses.\"\nThe category was discontinued from 2012 in a major overhaul of Grammy categories. From 2012, recordings in this category were shifted to the newly formed Best Gospel Album category.\nShirley Caesar and The Blind Boys of Alabama were the biggest recipients in this category with five wins each.
/m/01vsl	Colorado Springs is a Home Rule Municipality that is the county seat and most populous city of El Paso County, Colorado, United States. Colorado Springs is located in the east central portion of the state. It is situated on Fountain Creek and is located 60 miles south of the Colorado State Capitol in Denver. At 6,035 feet the city stands over one mile above sea level, though some areas of the city are significantly higher and lower. Colorado Springs is situated near the base of one of the most famous American mountains, Pikes Peak, rising over 8,000 feet above the city on the eastern edge of the Southern Rocky Mountains. The United States Air Force Academy is located in Colorado Springs. The city is often referred to as \"The Springs.\"\nThe city had an estimated population of 431,834 in 2012., being the second most populous city in the state of Colorado, behind Denver, and the 41st most populous city in the United States, while the Colorado Springs Metropolitan Statistical Area had an estimated population of 668,353 in 2012. The city covers 194.7 square miles, making it Colorado's largest city in area. Colorado Springs was selected as the No. 1 Best Big City in \"Best Places to Live\" by Money magazine in 2006, and placed number one in Outside's 2009 list of America's Best Cities.
/m/0m2hs	New Haven County is a county located in the south central part of the U.S. state of Connecticut. As of the 2010 Census, the county population is 862,477 making it the third most populated county in Connecticut. There are 1,340 people per square mile. Two of the state's largest cities, New Haven and Waterbury, are part of New Haven County.\nCounty governments were abolished in Connecticut in 1960. Thus, as is the case with all eight of Connecticut's counties, there is no county government, and no county seat. Until 1960, the city of New Haven was the county seat. In Connecticut, towns are responsible for all local government activities, including fire and rescue, snow removal and schools. In some cases, neighboring towns will share certain activities, e.g. schools, health, etc. New Haven County is merely a group of towns on a map, and has no specific government authority. The county Sheriff system was abolished by voters and replaced by State Judicial Marshals in 2000. As a result, the state judicial system in New Haven County is currently split into three judicial districts: New Haven, Ansonia-Milford, and Waterbury.
/m/037njl	Creighton University is a private, coeducational, Jesuit, Roman Catholic university located in Omaha, Nebraska, United States. Founded by the Society of Jesus in 1878, the school is one of 28 member institutions of the Association of Jesuit Colleges and Universities. The university is accredited by the North Central Association of Colleges and Secondary Schools. Creighton is the largest private religious university in Nebraska.\nSitting on a 132-acre campus just outside Omaha's downtown business district, the university currently enrolls about 7,730 graduate and undergraduate students.
/m/09k5k	The Continental Congress was a convention of delegates called together from the Thirteen Colonies that became the governing body of the United States during the American Revolution.\nThe Congress met from 1774 to 1789 in three incarnations. The first call for a convention was made over issues of the Intolerable Acts penalizing Massachusetts. Though at first divided on independence and a break from Crown rule, the new Congress in July 1776 gave a unanimous vote for independence, issued the Declaration of Independence as a new nation, the United States of America. It established a Continental Army, giving command to one of its members George Washington of Virginia. It waged war with Britain, made a military treaty with France, and funded the war effort with loans and paper money.
/m/02_j1w	In the sport of association football, a defender is an outfield player whose primary role is to prevent the opposition from attacking.\nThere are four types of defender: centre-back, sweeper, full-back and wing-back. The centre-back and full-back positions are essential in most modern formations. The sweeper and wing-back roles are more specialised for certain formations.
/m/0kpys	Los Angeles County, also known as L.A. County, officially the County of Los Angeles, is a county in the U.S. state of California. As of the 2010 U.S. Census, the county has a population of 9,818,605, making it the most populous county in the United States. Los Angeles County alone is more populous than 42 individual U.S. states. The county seat is the city of Los Angeles, the largest city in California and the second-largest city in the United States.\nLos Angeles County also includes two offshore islands, San Clemente Island and Santa Catalina Island. The county is home to 88 incorporated cities and many unincorporated areas. At 4,083 square miles, it is larger than the combined areas of the states of Rhode Island and Delaware.\nThe county is home to over a quarter of all California residents and is one of the most ethnically diverse counties in the country. It is part of the Tech Coast.
/m/0kzcv	Shanxi is a province of the People's Republic of China, located in the North China region. Its one-character abbreviation is \"晉\", after the state of Jin that existed here during the Spring and Autumn Period.\nThe name Shanxi means \"mountain's west\", which refers to the province's location west of the Taihang Mountains. Shanxi borders Hebei to the east, Henan to the south, Shaanxi to the west, and Inner Mongolia to the north and is made up mainly of a plateau bounded partly by mountain ranges. The capital of the province is Taiyuan.
/m/0drs7	Cattaraugus County is a county located in the U.S. state of New York. As of the 2010 census, the population was 80,317. The county seat is Little Valley.
/m/018tnx	Hammer Films is a film production company based in the United Kingdom. Founded in 1934, the company is best known for a series of Gothic \"Hammer Horror\" films made from the mid-1950s until the 1970s. Hammer also produced science fiction, thrillers, film noir and comedies – and in later years, television series. During its most successful years, Hammer dominated the horror film market, enjoying worldwide distribution and considerable financial success. This success was due, in part, to distribution partnerships with major United States studios, such as Warner Bros.\nDuring the late 1960s and 1970s the saturation of the horror film market by competitors and the loss of American funding forced changes to the previously lucrative Hammer-formula, with varying degrees of success. The company eventually ceased production in the mid-1980s. In 2000, the studio was bought by a consortium including advertising executive and art collector Charles Saatchi and publishing millionaires Neil Mendoza and William Sieghart. The company announced plans to begin making films again after this, but none were produced.\nIn May 2007, the company behind the movies was sold again, this time to a consortium headed by Dutch media tycoon John de Mol, who announced plans to spend some $50m on new horror films. The new owners also acquired the Hammer group's film library, consisting of 295 movies. Simon Oakes, who took over as CEO of Hammer, said: \"Hammer is a great British brand - we intend to take it back into production and develop its global potential. The brand is still alive but no one has invested in it for a long time.\" Since then it has produced the feature films Let Me In, The Resident, and The Woman In Black.
/m/026l37	Joseph Anthony \"Joe\" Mantegna, Jr. is an American actor, producer, writer, director, and voice actor. He is best known for his roles in box office hits such as Three Amigos, The Godfather Part III, Forget Paris, and Up Close & Personal. He currently stars in the CBS television series Criminal Minds as FBI Supervisory Special Agent David Rossi.\nMantegna has gained Emmy Award nominations for his roles in three different miniseries: The Last Don, The Rat Pack, and The Starter Wife. He has also served as executive producer for various movies and television movies, including Corduroy, Hoods, and Lakeboat which he also directed.\nFor television, Mantegna has starred in the short lived series First Monday and Joan of Arcadia. Since the 1991 episode \"Bart the Murderer,\" Mantegna has had a recurring role on the animated comedy series The Simpsons as mob boss Fat Tony, reprising the role in The Simpsons Movie. Additionally, he played Robert B. Parker's fictional detective Spenser in three made-for-TV movies between 1999 and 2001.
/m/05gnf9	Joshua Aaron \"Josh\" Charles is an American stage, film and television actor. He is best known for the roles of Daniel \"Dan\" Rydell on Sports Night, Will Gardner on The Good Wife, and his early work as Knox Overstreet in Dead Poets Society.
/m/012fvq	Swarthmore College is a private liberal arts college in the United States with an enrollment of 1,545 students. The college is located in the borough of Swarthmore, Pennsylvania, 11 miles southwest of Philadelphia.\nFounded in 1864, Swarthmore was one of the earliest coeducational colleges in the United States. The school was organized by a committee of Quakers prominent in the abolitionist and women's rights movements, including notable activist Lucretia Mott. Swarthmore was established to be a college, \"...under the care of Friends, at which an education may be obtained equal to that of the best institutions of learning in our country.\" In 1933 Swarthmore dropped its religious affiliation, becoming officially non-sectarian.\nToday, the college is known for a rigorous intellectual character, shaped by a commitment to social responsibility and the legacy of its Quaker heritage. Ninety percent of graduates eventually attend graduate or professional school, and over twenty percent of graduates attain a Doctor of Philosophy degree in their lifetime, rates among the highest of US institutions.\nSwarthmore is a member of the Tri-College Consortium, a cooperative arrangement among Swarthmore, Bryn Mawr, and Haverford Colleges. The consortium shares an integrated library system of more than three million volumes, and students are able to cross-register in courses at all three institutions. A common Quaker heritage exists amongst the consortium schools and the University of Pennsylvania also extends this cross-registration agreement to classes at the University of Pennsylvania's College of Arts and Sciences.
/m/0b4lkx	All the President's Men is a 1976 Academy Award-winning political thriller film directed by Alan J. Pakula. The screenplay by William Goldman is based on the 1974 non-fiction book of the same name by Carl Bernstein and Bob Woodward, the two journalists investigating the Watergate scandal for The Washington Post. The film starred Robert Redford and Dustin Hoffman as Woodward and Bernstein, respectively; it was produced by Walter Coblenz for Redford's Wildwood Enterprises.
/m/07v4dm	Rolfe R. Kent is a British film score composer.
/m/02j_j0	Working Title Films is a British film production company, based in London owned by Universal Studios. The company was founded by Tim Bevan and Sarah Radclyffe in 1983. It produces feature films and several television productions. Eric Fellner and Bevan are now the co-chairs of the company.
/m/0190yn	Dancehall is a genre of Jamaican popular music that originated in the late 1970s. Initially dancehall was a more sparse version of reggae than the roots style, which had dominated much of the 1970s. In the mid-1980s, digital instrumentation became more prevalent, changing the sound considerably, with digital dancehall becoming increasingly characterized by faster rhythms.
/m/0g7nc	A pornographic actor or actress or a porn star is a person who performs sex acts in film, normally characterised as a pornographic film. Pornographic films tend to be made in a number of distinct pornographic sub-genres and attempt to present a sexual fantasy and the actors selected for a particular role are primarily selected on their ability to create or fit that fantasy. Pornographic films are characterised as either \"softcore\", which generally does not contain depictions of sexual penetration or \"extreme fetishism\", and \"hardcore\", which can contain depictions of penetration or extreme fetishism, or both. Depending on the genre of the film, the on-screen appearance, age, and physical features of the main actors and their ability to create the sexual mood of the film is of critical importance. Most actors specialise in certain genres, such as lesbian sex, bondage, strap-on sex, anal sex, double penetration, semen swallowing, teenage women, interracial or MILFs. Irrespective of the genre, most actors are required to appear nude in pornographic films.\nIn pornographic films directed at a heterosexual male viewer, the primary focus is on the women in them, who are mostly selected for their willingness and ability to perform the required sex acts and on their on-screen appearance or physical appeal. Most male performers in heterosexual pornography are generally selected less for their looks than for their sexual prowess, namely their ability to do three things: achieve an erection while on a busy film set, maintain that erection while performing on camera, and then ejaculate on cue.
/m/02k8k	El Salvador is the smallest and the most densely populated country in Central America. The country's capital city and largest city is San Salvador. Important cultural and commercial centers for Central America on the whole include Santa Ana and San Miguel. El Salvador borders the Pacific Ocean on the south, and the countries of Guatemala to the west and Honduras to the north and east. Its easternmost region lies on the coast of the Gulf of Fonseca, opposite Nicaragua. As of 2009, El Salvador had a population of approximately 5,744,113 people, composed predominantly of Mestizos.\nThe colón was the official currency of El Salvador from 1892 to 2001, when it adopted the U.S. Dollar.\nIn 2010 El Salvador ranked twelfth among Latin American countries in terms of the Human Development Index and fourth in Central America, due in part to ongoing rapid industrialization.
/m/0dq2k	John Caldwell Calhoun was a leading American politician and political theorist during the first half of the 19th century. Hailing from South Carolina, Calhoun began his political career as a nationalist, modernizer, and proponent of a strong national government and protective tariffs. After 1830, his views evolved and he became a greater proponent of states' rights, limited government, nullification and free trade; as he saw these means as the only way to preserve the Union. He is best known for his intense and original defense of slavery as something positive, his distrust of majoritarianism, and for pointing the South toward secession from the Union.\nCalhoun built his reputation as a political theorist by his redefinition of republicanism to include approval of slavery and minority rights, with the Southern States the minority in question. To protect minority rights against majority rule, he called for a \"concurrent majority\" whereby the minority could sometimes block offensive proposals that a State felt infringed on their sovereign power. Always distrustful of democracy, he minimized the role of the Second Party System in South Carolina. Calhoun's defense of slavery became defunct, but his concept of concurrent majority, whereby a minority has the right to object to or even veto hostile legislation directed against it, has been cited by other advocates of the rights of minorities. Calhoun asserted that Southern whites, outnumbered in the United States by voters of the more densely populated Northern states, were one such minority deserving special protection in the legislature. Calhoun also saw the increasing population disparity to be the result of corrupt northern politics.
/m/026hxwx	Epic Movie is a 2007 American parody film directed and written by Jason Friedberg and Aaron Seltzer and produced by Paul Schiff. It was the first film to be distributed by Regency Enterprises. It was made in a similar style to Date Movie, Friedberg and Seltzer's previous film, but as a spoof of the \"Epic\" style of films, hence the name. The film mostly references The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe, the Harry Potter films and Tim Burton's version of Charlie and the Chocolate Factory. The song \"Ms. New Booty\" by Bubba Sparxxx gained commercial attention for being featured in Epic Movie. Though the film is widely considered to be one of the worst films in cinema history, it grossed $87 million US dollars at the box office, over four times its $20 million budget.
/m/0mbw0	Margaret Moran Cho is an American comedian, fashion designer, actress, author, and singer-songwriter. Cho, of Korean ancestry, is best known for her stand-up routines, through which she critiques social and political problems, especially those pertaining to race and sexuality. She has also directed and appeared in music videos and has her own clothing line. She has frequently supported LGBT rights and has won awards for her humanitarian efforts on behalf of women, Asians, and the LGBT community.\nAs an actress she has played parts such as Charlene Lee in It's My Party and that of John Travolta's FBI colleague in the action movie Face/Off. She is part of the TV series Drop Dead Diva on Lifetime Television, playing the role of Teri Lee, a paralegal assistant.
/m/0215hd	A boom operator is an assistant of the production sound mixer. The principal responsibility of the boom operator is microphone placement, usually using a boom pole with a microphone attached to the end, his aim being to hold the microphone as close to the actors or action as possible without allowing the microphone or boom to enter the camera's frame. Often in television studios, the boom operator will use a \"fisher boom\", which is a more intricate and specialized piece of equipment on which the operator stands, allowing precise control of the microphone at a greater distance from the actors. He will also attach wireless microphones to persons whose voice requires recording. Boom poles are usually manufactured from several lengths of aluminium or carbon fibre tubing, allowing the boom to be extended and collapsed as the situation requires. Some poles have a microphone cable routed through the inside of the pole, which may be a regular cable protruding at the bottom end, or a coiled cable that can extend with the pole, connecting to a socket at the base into which the operator plugs the microphone cable. The ideal boom pole is lightweight and strong, supporting the weight of the microphone on the end while adding as little weight as possible.
/m/027hjff	The 13th Annual Screen Actors Guild Awards ceremony, honouring the best in film and television acting achievement for the year 2006, took place on 28 January 2007 and, for the 11th consecutive ceremony, was held at the Los Angeles Shrine Exposition Center, in Los Angeles, California. The nominees were announced on 4 January 2007. It was televised live on TNT and TBS. This was the 10th consecutive year TNT televised the event and the 2nd year for TBS\nBabel, Dreamgirls and Little Miss Sunshine received the highest number of nominations among the film categories with each getting three, two for acting and one for ensemble performance, however only Dreamgirls won more than one award. In the television categories The Sopranos and Broken Trail had the most nominations with three but it was the mini-series Elizabeth I and the medical drama Grey's Anatomy which won the most awards with two each.\nThe Screen Actors Guild Life Achievement Award was presented to the actress Julie Andrews.
/m/043870	The Kingdom of France in the early modern period, between the Renaissance and the Revolution, was a monarchy ruled by the House of Bourbon. This corresponds to the so-called ancien régime. The territory of France during this period increased until it included essentially the extent of the modern country, and it also included the territories of the first French colonial empire overseas.\nThe period is dominated by the figure of the \"Sun King\", Louis XIV, who managed to eliminate the remnants of medieval feudalism and established a centralized state under an absolute monarch, a system that would endure until the French Revolution and beyond.
/m/02_vs	Friesland or Frisia is a province in the north of the European country Netherlands.\nIts capital is Leeuwarden, a city with 91,817 inhabitants, situated in the centre of the province.\nThe province itself, of which the north western area once was part of the ancient, larger region of Frisia, has 646,000 inhabitants.
/m/0g3bc	Kobe, is the sixth-largest city in Japan and is the capital city of Hyōgo Prefecture on the southern side of the main island of Honshū, approximately 30 km west of Osaka on the north shore of Osaka Bay. With a population of about 1.5 million, the city is part of the Kyoto-Osaka-Kobe metropolitan area along with Osaka and Kyoto.\nThe earliest written records regarding the region come from the Nihon Shoki, which describes the founding of the Ikuta Shrine by Empress Jingū in AD 201. For most of its history the area was never a single political entity, even during the Tokugawa Period, when the port was controlled directly by the Tokugawa Shogunate. Kobe did not exist in its current form until its founding in 1889. Its name comes from \"kanbe\", an archaic title for supporters of the city's Ikuta Shrine. Kobe became one of Japan's 17 designated cities in 1956.\nKobe was one of the cities to open for trade with the West following the 1853 end of the policy of seclusion and has since been known as a cosmopolitan port city. While the 1995 Great Hanshin Earthquake diminished much of Kobe's prominence as a port city, it remains Japan's fourth busiest container port. Companies headquartered in Kobe include ASICS, Kawasaki Heavy Industries, and Kobe Steel, as well as over 100 international corporations with Asia or Japan headquarters in the city such as Eli Lilly and Company, Procter & Gamble, Boehringer Ingelheim and Nestlé. The city is the point of origin and namesake of Kobe beef as well as the site of one of Japan's most famous hot spring resorts, Arima Onsen.
/m/025bwc	An impresario is a person who organizes and often finances concerts, plays or operas; analogous to an artist manager or a film or television producer. The origin of the term is to be found in the social and economic world of Italian opera, where from the mid-18th century to the 1830s, the impresario was the key figure in the organization of a lyric season. The owners of the theatre, usually noble amateurs, charged the impresario with hiring a composer, for until the 1850s operas on stage were expected to be new, as well as gathering the necessary costumes, sets, orchestra, and singers, all while assuming considerable financial risks. In 1786 Mozart satirized the stress and emotional mayhem in a single-act farce Der Schauspieldirektor. Antonio Vivaldi was unusual in acting as impresario as well as composer: in 1714 he managed seasons at Teatro San Angelo in Venice, where his opera Orlando finto pazzo was followed by numerous others.\nAlessandro Lanari, who began as the owner of a shop that produced costumes, eliminated the middleman in a series of successful seasons he produced for the Teatro La Pergola, Florence, which saw premieres of the first version of Verdi's Macbeth, two of Bellini's operas and five of Donizetti's, including Lucia di Lammermoor. Domenico Barbaia began as a café waiter and made a fortune at La Scala in Milan, where he was also in charge of the gambling operation and introduced roulette.
/m/05f7snc	Sara Hilary Haines is a correspondent for ABC News, and Good Morning America. Haines is best known for her role on the fourth hour of NBC's Today Show, alongside Kathie Lee Gifford and Hoda Kotb, a position she held for four years, from May 2009 until August 2, 2013.
/m/0l5mz	International relations is the study of relationships among countries, the roles of sovereign states, inter-governmental organizations, international non-governmental organizations, non-governmental organizations, and multinational corporations. International relations is an academic and a public policy field, and so can be positive and normative, because it analyzes and formulates the foreign policy of a given State. As political activity, international relations dates from the time of the Greek historian Thucydides, and, in the early 20th century, became a discrete academic field within political science. However, international relations is an interdisciplinary field of study.\nBesides political science, the field of international relations draws intellectual materials from the fields technology and engineering, economics, history, and international law, philosophy, geography, and social work, sociology, anthropology, and criminology, psychology and gender studies, cultural studies and culturology. The scope of international relations comprehends globalization, state sovereignty, and international security, ecological sustainability, nuclear proliferation, and nationalism, economic development and global finance, terrorism and organized crime, human security, foreign interventionism, and human rights.
/m/0b_6_l	The 1997 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament involved 64 schools playing in single-elimination play to determine the national champion of men's NCAA Division I college basketball. It began on March 13, 1997, and ended with the championship game on March 31 in Indianapolis, Indiana at the RCA Dome. A total of 63 games were played.\nThe Final Four consisted of Kentucky Wildcats men's basketball, who entered the tournament as the defending national champions, Minnesota, making their first Final Four appearance, Arizona, making their third Final Four appearance and first since 1994, and North Carolina, making their thirteenth Final Four appearance and first since 1995.\nIn the national championship game, Arizona defeated Kentucky in overtime 84-79 to win their first national championship. For the second time in the last three seasons, the defending national champions reached the final game and lost.\nMiles Simon of Arizona was named the tournament's Most Outstanding Player.\nSeveral years later, Minnesota was stripped of its Final Four appearance following the discovery of NCAA academic rule violations. In addition, the Gophers were stripped of their Big Ten title they had also won.
/m/03vrnh	Sunny Deol is an Indian film actor, producer, director.Deol has established himself as one of the leading actors of Hindi Cinema.\nDeol was born to Hindi Cinematic actor Dharmendra To study acting, Deol learned from acting schools in England, where he joined the Old Rep Theater in Birmingham. There he studied theatre and acting. Since, he has won two National Film Awards, as well as two Filmfare Awards.\nDeol's films such as Border and Gadar: Ek Prem Katha remain some of Bollywood's biggest hits, while films like Betaab, Arjun,Saltanat, Paap Ki Duniya, Tridev, Ghayal, Damini – Lightning, Darr, Jeet, Ghatak: Lethal, Ziddi, Indian, The Hero: Love Story of a Spy, Apne, Yamla Pagla Deewana, Singh Saab The Great are other successful films thus making him one of the successful leading actors of Bollywood. Gadar: Ek Prem Katha, if inflation is taken into account, is the second-highest grossing movie of Indian film history and most watched Bollywood movie of modern era in theatres.
/m/01wwvc5	Kenneth Brian \"Babyface\" Edmonds is a ten-time Grammy Award-winning American R&B musician, singer–songwriter and record producer. He has written and produced over 26 No. 1 R&B hits throughout his career.
/m/02613	The Caribbean Sea is a sea of the Atlantic Ocean located in the tropics of the Western hemisphere. It is bounded by Mexico and Central America to the west and southwest, to the north by the Greater Antilles, to the east by the Lesser Antilles, and to the south by South America.\nThe entire area of the Caribbean Sea, the numerous islands of the West Indies, and adjacent coasts, are collectively known as the Caribbean. The Caribbean Sea is one of the largest seas and has an area of about 2,754,000 km². The sea's deepest point is the Cayman Trough, between the Cayman Islands and Jamaica, at 7,686 m below sea level. The Caribbean coastline has many gulfs and bays: the Gulf of Gonâve, Gulf of Venezuela, Gulf of Darién, Golfo de los Mosquitos, Gulf of Paria and Gulf of Honduras.
/m/02qnk5c	Iftekhar Khan, often mononymously credited as Iftekhar was a character actor in Bollywood films, especially known for his roles as police officers.
/m/01r9fv	Patricia Mae Andrzejewski, known professionally as Pat Benatar, is an American singer and four-time Grammy Award winner. She is a mezzo-soprano. She has had considerable commercial success, particularly in the United States. During the 1980s, Benatar had two RIAA-certified Multi-Platinum albums, five RIAA-certified Platinum albums, three RIAA-certified Gold albums and 14 Top 40 singles, including the Top 10 hits, \"Hit Me with Your Best Shot\", \"Love Is a Battlefield\", \"We Belong\" and \"Invincible\". Benatar was one of the most heavily played artists in the early days of MTV. She was the first woman to play on MTV performing, \"You Better Run\".
/m/01y68z	Seoul Broadcasting System KRX: 034120 is a national South Korean television and radio network. It is the only private commercial broadcaster with wide regional network affiliates to operate in the country. In March 2000, the company legally became known as SBS, changing its corporate name from Seoul Broadcasting System. It has provided terrestrial digital TV service in the ATSC format since 2001, and T-DMB service since 2005. Its flagship terrestrial television station is Channel 6 for Digital and Cable.
/m/01kq5	Ballarat is a city located on the Yarrowee River and lower western plains of the Great Dividing Range in the state of Victoria, Australia, approximately 105 kilometres west-north-west of the state capital, Melbourne. It is the third most populous urban area in the state, with a population of 85,935 It is the state's most populated inland settlement, and fifth most populated inland settlement in Australia. People from Ballarat are referred to as Ballaratians or Ballafornians.\nThe City of Ballarat local government area encompasses both the Greater Ballarat urban area and outlying towns with an area of 740 square kilometres and has an urban area population of 93,501. Ballarat is its most populous urban centre, seat of local government and administrative centre.\nIt was named by Scottish squatter Archibald Yuille who established the first settlement—his sheep run called Ballaarat—in 1837, with the name derived from local Wathaurong Aboriginal words for the area, balla arat, thought to mean \"resting place\". The present spelling was officially adopted by the City of Ballarat in 1996.\nIt is one of the most significant Victorian era boomtowns in Australia. Just months after Victoria was granted separation from New South Wales, the Victorian gold rush transformed Ballarat from a small sheep station to a major settlement. Gold was discovered at Poverty Point on 18 August 1851 and news quickly spread of rich alluvial fields where gold could easily be extracted. Within months, approximately 20,000 migrants had rushed the district. Several Australian mining innovations were made at the Ballarat diggings including the first use of a Chilean mill in 1851 and the first use of a mine cage in 1861. Unlike many other gold rush boom towns, the Ballarat fields experienced sustained high gold yields for decades.
/m/01pjr7	Harold Allen Ramis was an American actor, director, and writer specializing in comedy. His best-known film acting roles are as Egon Spengler in Ghostbusters and Russell Ziskey in Stripes; he also co-wrote both films. As a writer-director, his films include the comedies Caddyshack, National Lampoon's Vacation, Groundhog Day, and Analyze This. Ramis was the original head writer of the television series SCTV, and one of three screenwriters for the film National Lampoon's Animal House.\nRamis' films have influenced subsequent generations of comedians and comedy writers. Filmmakers Jay Roach, Jake Kasdan, Adam Sandler, and Peter and Bobby Farrelly have cited his films as among their favorites. He won the BAFTA Award for Best Original Screenplay for Groundhog Day.
/m/02q253	Marshall University is a coeducational public research university in Huntington, West Virginia, United States founded in 1837, and named after John Marshall, the fourth Chief Justice of the United States.\nThe university is currently composed of eight undergraduate colleges and schools: the College of Liberal Arts, the College of Fine Arts, the College of Education and Human Services, the College of Information Technology and Engineering, the Elizabeth McDowell Lewis College of Business, the College of Science, the College of Health Professions, and the College of Arts and Media; three graduate colleges, the general Graduate College, the School of Pharmacy, and the Joan C. Edwards School of Medicine, a regional center for cancer research which has a national reputation for its programs in rural health care delivery, and the College of Education, which operates on both the undergraduate and graduate levels. The forensic science graduate program is one of nearly twenty post-graduate-level academic programs in the United States accredited by the American Academy of Forensic Sciences. The University's digital forensics program is the first program in the world to receive accreditation in digital forensics from the Forensic Science Education Programs Accreditation Commission. The Elizabeth McDowell Lewis College of Business has achieved AACSB accreditation.
/m/0g3bw	Honshu is the largest and most populous island of Japan. The nation's main island, it is south of Hokkaido across the Tsugaru Strait, north of Shikoku across the Inland Sea, and northeast of Kyushu across the Kanmon Strait. It is the seventh largest island in the world, and the second most populous after Java.\nIt had a population of 103 million in 2005, mostly concentrated in the available lowlands, notably in the Kantō plain where 25% of the total population reside in the Greater Tokyo Area, which includes Tokyo and Yokohama, Kawasaki, Saitama and Chiba cities. Most of the nation's industry is located along the belt running from Tokyo along Honshu's southern coastal cities, including Kyoto, Osaka, Nagoya, Kobe, and Hiroshima, part of the Taiheiyo Belt.\nThe economy along the northwestern coast by the Sea of Japan is largely based on fishing and agriculture; Niigata is noted as an important producer of rice. The Kantō and Nōbi plains produce rice and vegetables. Yamanashi is a major fruit-growing area, and Aomori is famous for its apples.\nEminent historical centers include Kyoto, Nara, and Kamakura.
/m/02qkq0	L.A. Law is an American television legal drama series that ran for eight seasons on NBC from September 15, 1986 to May 19, 1994.\nCreated by Steven Bochco and Terry Louise Fisher, it contained many of Bochco's trademark features including an ensemble cast, large number of parallel storylines, social drama and off-the-wall humor. It reflected the social and cultural ideologies of the 1980s and early 1990s, and many of the cases featured on the show dealt with hot-topic issues such as abortion, racism, gay rights, homophobia, sexual harassment, AIDS, and domestic violence. The series often also reflected social tensions between the wealthy senior lawyer protagonists and their less well-paid junior staff.\nThe show was popular with audiences and critics, and won 15 Emmy Awards throughout its run, four of which were for Outstanding Drama Series.
/m/019gz	Abraham \"Bram\" Stoker was an Irish novelist and short story writer, best known today for his 1897 Gothic novel Dracula. During his lifetime, he was better known as personal assistant of actor Henry Irving and business manager of the Lyceum Theatre in London, which Irving owned.
/m/04s5_s	Michael Edward \"Mike\" Mills is an American multi-instrumentalist and composer who was a founding member of the alternative rock group R.E.M.. Though known primarily as a bass guitarist, backing vocalist, and pianist, his musical repertoire includes also keyboards, guitar, and percussion instruments. He contributed to a majority of the band's musical compositions.
/m/0123_x	Barcelona is a province of eastern Spain, in the center of the autonomous community of Catalonia. The province is bordered by the provinces of Tarragona, Lleida, and Girona, and by the Mediterranean Sea. 5,526,536 people live in the province, of whom 1,621,537 live in the municipality of Barcelona. Its area is 7,733 km²\nThe capital of the province is the city of Barcelona, and the provincial council is based in the Casa Serra on the Rambla de Catalunya in that city. Some other cities and towns in Barcelona province include L'Hospitalet de Llobregat, Badalona, Cerdanyola del Vallès, Martorell, Mataró, Granollers, Sabadell, Terrassa, Sitges, Igualada, Vic, Manresa, Berga. See also List of municipalities in Barcelona.\nSince the division by provinces in Spain and the division by comarques in Catalonia do not completely agree, the term comarques of the province of Barcelona would not be entirely correct. However, a list of the comarques that are included—totally or partially—in the province of Barcelona can be made:\nFully included:\nAlt Penedès\nAnoia\nBages\nBaix Llobregat\nBarcelonès\nGarraf\nMaresme\nVallès Occidental\nVallès Oriental\nPartially included:\nBerguedà Osona Selva
/m/015jr	British Columbia, also commonly referred to by its initials BC or B.C., is a province located on the West Coast of Canada. British Columbia is also a component of the Pacific Northwest, along with the U.S. states of Oregon and Washington. The province's name was chosen by Queen Victoria in 1858, reflecting its origins as the British remainder of the Columbia District of the Hudson's Bay Company. In 1871, it became the sixth province of Canada. Its Latin motto is Splendor sine occasu.\nThe capital of British Columbia is Victoria, the 15th largest metropolitan region in Canada, named for the Queen that created the Colony of British Columbia. The largest city is Vancouver, the third-largest metropolitan area in Canada, the largest in Western Canada, and the second largest in the Pacific Northwest. In October 2013, British Columbia had an estimated population of 4,606,371. The province is currently governed by the BC Liberal Party, led by Premier Christy Clark, who became leader as a result of the party election on February 26, 2011 and who led her party to an election victory on May 14, 2013.²
/m/04bbb8	Patriots were those colonists of the British Thirteen United Colonies that violently rebelled against British control during the American Revolution and in July 1776 declared the United States of America an independent nation. Their rebellion was based on the political philosophy of republicanism, as expressed by pamphleteers, such as Thomas Jefferson, Alexander Hamilton, and Thomas Paine.\nAs a group, Patriots represented a wide array of social, economic, ethnic and racial backgrounds. They included lawyers like John Adams and Alexander Hamilton; planters like Thomas Jefferson and George Mason; merchants like Alexander McDougall and ordinary farmers like Daniel Shays and Joseph Plumb Martin.
/m/0jz9f	Miramax is an American entertainment company known for distributing independent and foreign films. Founded in 1979 by Bob and Harvey Weinstein and headquartered in New York City and Cambridge, Massachusetts, Miramax was a leading independent film motion picture distribution and production company before it was acquired by The Walt Disney Company in 1993. The Weinsteins operated Miramax with more creative and financial independence than any other division of Disney, until 2005 when they decided to leave the company and founded The Weinstein Company. Miramax was sold by Disney to Filmyard Holdings, a joint venture of Colony Capital, Tutor-Saliba Corporation, and Qatar Investment Authority in 2010, ending Disney's 17-year involvement with the studio.
/m/09r4xx	DeWitt Clinton High School is a public high school located in New York City. Opened in 1897 and all boys at first, it became co-ed in 1983. From its original building on West 13th Street in Manhattan, it moved in 1906 to its second home on 59th Street and Tenth Avenue and in 1929 to its present home on Mosholu Parkway in the Bronx.\nAfter more than a century in existence and a raft of famous alumni, DeWitt Clinton High School has recently faced serious problems involving student performance and security. In 2013, to address these issues, the city’s Department of Education appointed Santiago Taveras, one of its former deputy chancellors, as the school’s principal.
/m/0c408_	Christopher Cerf is a U.S. author, composer-lyricist, voice actor, and record and television producer. He is known for his musical contributions to Sesame Street, for co-creating and co-producing the award-winning PBS literacy education television program Between the Lions, and for his humorous articles and books.\nHis father was co-founder of Random House, publisher, editor and TV panelist, Bennett Cerf. His mother was journalist and children's book publisher, Phyllis Fraser.
/m/07gxw	Techno is a form of electronic dance music that emerged in Detroit, Michigan, in the United States during the mid-to-late 1980s. The first recorded use of the word techno in reference to a specific genre of music was in 1988. Many styles of techno now exist, but Detroit techno is seen as the foundation upon which a number of subgenres have been built.\nThe initial take on techno arose from the melding of electronic music, in the style of artists such as Kraftwerk, Giorgio Moroder and Yellow Magic Orchestra, with African American music styles, including funk, electro, Chicago house and electric jazz. Added to this is the influence of futuristic and fictional themes relevant to life in American late capitalist society, with Alvin Toffler's book The Third Wave being a notable point of reference. Pioneering producer Juan Atkins cites Toffler's phrase \"techno rebels\" as inspiring him to use the word techno to describe the musical style he helped to create. This unique blend of influences aligns techno with the aesthetic referred to as afrofuturism. To producers such as Derrick May, the transference of spirit from the body to the machine is often a central preoccupation; essentially an expression of technological spirituality. In this manner: \"techno dance music defeats what Adorno saw as the alienating effect of mechanisation on the modern consciousness\".
/m/0263q4z	Dirty rap, porno rap, porn rap or sex rap, is a subgenre of hip hop music that contains lyrical content revolving mainly around sexually suggestive subjects. The lyrics are overtly explicit and graphic, often to the point of either cartoonishness or extreme offensiveness. Historically, dirty rap often contained a distinctly bass-driven sound, which arose from the popular Miami bass rap scene. However, dirty rap has recently been heavily influenced by Baltimore club, Ghetto house, and ghettotech. Most of porn rap songs have been used as soundtracks to pornographic movies in the 2000s, replacing the traditional porn groove.
/m/0kvgnq	The Unbearable Lightness of Being is a 1988 American film adaptation of the novel of the same name by Milan Kundera, published in 1984. Director Philip Kaufman and screenplay writer Jean-Claude Carrière show Czechoslovak artistic and intellectual life during the Prague Spring of the Communist period, before the Soviet and Warsaw Pact invasion in August 1968, as well as detail the moral–political effects and personal consequences upon a bohemian ménage à trois: a medical doctor and his two women.
/m/01hpnh	Uttar Pradesh, abbr. UP, is a state located in northern India. It was created on 1 April 1937 as the United Provinces, and was renamed Uttar Pradesh in 1950. Lucknow is the capital and Kanpur is the commercial capital and the largest city of Uttar Pradesh. On 9 November 2000, a new state, Uttarakhand, was carved from the mountainous Himalayan region of Uttar Pradesh.\nThe state is bordered by Rajasthan to the west, Haryana and Delhi to the northwest, Uttarakhand and the country of Nepal to the north, Bihar to the east, Jharkhand to the southeast, Chhattisgarh to the south and Madhya Pradesh to the southwest. It covers 93,933 square miles, equal to 6.88% of the total area of India, and is the fifth largest Indian state by area. With over 200 million inhabitants as of 2011, it is the most populous state in the country as well as the most populous country subdivision in the world. Hindi is the official and most widely spoken language in its 75 districts. Uttar Pradesh is the fourth largest Indian state by economy, with a GDP of 7080 billion. Agriculture and service industries are the largest parts of the state's economy. The service sector comprises travel and tourism, hotel industry, real estate, insurance and financial consultancies.
/m/024qwq	Rick James was an American musician and composer.\nJames started his singing career fronting doo-wop and rhythm and blues bands in his hometown of Buffalo, New York in the early 1960s, with his vocal style influenced by the likes of Marvin Gaye, Smokey Robinson and David Ruffin. He entered the United States Navy to avoid conscription after dropping out of high school; James deserted and relocated to Toronto, Canada where he resumed his music career. While there, James formed the rock-soul fusion band Mynah Birds, whose lineup once included a young Neil Young. James' tenure with the Mynah Birds was interrupted after he was discovered recording with the group in Motown in the 1960s, and surrendered to military authorities. He served a one-year prison sentence in Buffalo. Afterwards, James returned to Canada, where he resumed the Mynah Birds, though the band eventually split; James moved to California where he started a series of rock bands. He also had a period where he served as a staff writer with Motown before he left the label.\nIn 1977, he signed with the Gordy Records subsidiary of Motown as a recording artist where in 1978, he recorded his first album, Come Get It!, which sold over a million copies at the time of its release. He would go on to score several popular hits on the pop and R&B charts, including four number-one hits on the latter chart. James became noted not only as a hit maker on his own recordings but also produced successful recordings for the likes of Teena Marie, the Mary Jane Girls, the Temptations, Eddie Murphy and Smokey Robinson. His best-selling recording, 1981's Street Songs, sold over three million copies, helping to renew sagging fortunes in Motown.
/m/0d5_f	Johan August Strindberg was a Swedish playwright, novelist, poet, essayist and painter. A prolific writer who often drew directly on his personal experience, Strindberg's career spanned four decades, during which time he wrote over 60 plays and more than 30 works of fiction, autobiography, history, cultural analysis, and politics. A bold experimenter and iconoclast throughout, he explored a wide range of dramatic methods and purposes, from naturalistic tragedy, monodrama, and history plays, to his anticipations of expressionist and surrealist dramatic techniques. From his earliest work, Strindberg developed forms of dramatic action, language, and visual composition so innovative that many were to become technically possible to stage only with the advent of film. He is considered the \"father\" of modern Swedish literature and his The Red Room has frequently been described as the first modern Swedish novel.\nIn Sweden Strindberg is known both as a novelist and a playwright, but in most other countries he is known almost exclusively as a playwright.\nThe Royal Theatre rejected his first major play, Master Olof, in 1872; it was not until 1881, at the age of 32, that its première at the New Theatre gave him his theatrical breakthrough. In his plays The Father, Miss Julie, and Creditors, he created naturalistic dramas that – building on the established accomplishments of Henrik Ibsen's prose problem plays while rejecting their use of the structure of the well-made play – responded to the call-to-arms of Émile Zola's manifesto \"Naturalism in the Theatre\" and the example set by André Antoine's newly established Théâtre Libre. In Miss Julie, characterisation replaces plot as the predominant dramatic element and the determining role of heredity and the environment on the \"vacillating, disintegrated\" characters is emphasized. Strindberg modelled his short-lived Scandinavian Experimental Theatre in Copenhagen on Antoine's theatre and he explored the theory of Naturalism in his essays \"On Psychic Murder\", \"On Modern Drama and the Modern Theatre\", and a preface to Miss Julie, the last of which is probably the best-known statement of the principles of the theatrical movement.
/m/05k79	New Order are an English rock band formed in 1980. The band currently consists of Bernard Sumner, Stephen Morris, Gillian Gilbert, Phil Cunningham and Tom Chapman. The band was formed in 1980 by Sumner, Peter Hook and Morris – the remaining members of Joy Division, following the suicide of vocalist Ian Curtis – with the addition of Gilbert.\nBy combining new wave and electronic dance music, New Order became one of the most critically acclaimed and influential bands of the 1980s. Though the band's early years were shadowed by the legacy and basic sound of Joy Division, their experience of the early 1980s New York City club scene increased their knowledge of dance music and helped them incorporate elements of that style into their work. The band's 1983 hit \"Blue Monday\", the best-selling 12-inch single of all time, is one example of how the band transformed their sound.\nNew Order were the flagship band for Manchester-based independent record label Factory Records. Their minimalist album sleeves and \"non-image\" reflected the label's aesthetic of doing whatever the relevant parties wanted to do, including an aversion to including singles as album tracks.
/m/0mlyw	Skagit County is a county in the State of Washington. As of the 2010 census, the population was 116,901. The county seat and largest city is Mount Vernon. The county was formed in 1883 from Whatcom County and is named for the Skagit Indian tribe that has lived in the area since long before European-American settlement.\nSkagit County comprises the Mount Vernon-Anacortes, Washington, Metropolitan Statistical Area, and is included in the Seattle-Tacoma-Olympia, WA Combined Statistical Area.
/m/06w58f	Robert Andrew \"Andy\" Ackerman is an American director and producer and script editor who is best known for his work on Seinfeld, The New Adventures of Old Christine and the HBO series Curb Your Enthusiasm. He is also a 1978 graduate of Santa Clara University.\nBorn in Los Angeles, Ackerman began his career as a videotape editor on WKRP in Cincinnati and Newhart, winning an Emmy for the former. He also was an assistant editor on Welcome Back Kotter.\nAckerman directed Seinfeld starting in its sixth season. He directed 89 episodes. He has directed every episode of The New Adventures of Old Christine. He has directed or guest directed such series as Everybody Loves Raymond, Becker, Cheers, Wings, Frasier, Two and a Half Men, Andy Richter Controls the Universe, Whitney and The Ellen Show. Ackerman also directed the pilot episode of the 2006 Fox series Happy Hour.\nAckerman directed the NBC comedy Perfect Couples.\nHe was also a co-producer of Cheers and producer of The Ellen Show.
/m/014635	Samuel Langhorne Clemens, better known by his pen name Mark Twain, was an American author and humorist. He wrote The Adventures of Tom Sawyer and its sequel, Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, the latter often called \"the Great American Novel.\"\nTwain grew up in Hannibal, Missouri, which provided the setting for Huckleberry Finn and Tom Sawyer. After an apprenticeship with a printer, he worked as a typesetter and contributed articles to the newspaper of his older brother Orion Clemens. He later became a riverboat pilot on the Mississippi River before heading west to join Orion in Nevada. He referred humorously to his singular lack of success at mining, turning to journalism for the Virginia City Territorial Enterprise. In 1865, his humorous story, \"The Celebrated Jumping Frog of Calaveras County,\" was published, based on a story he heard at Angels Hotel in Angels Camp California where he had spent some time as a miner. The short story brought international attention, and was even translated into classic Greek. His wit and satire, in prose and in speech, earned praise from critics and peers, and he was a friend to presidents, artists, industrialists, and European royalty.
/m/01b9ck	Darryl Francis Zanuck was an American film studio executive and producer; he also contributed to the scripts of the films on which he worked. He played a major part in the Hollywood studio system as one of its longest survivors. He earned three Academy Awards during his tenure.
/m/0261m	The Caribbean is a region that consists of the Caribbean Sea, its islands, and the surrounding coasts. The region is southeast of the Gulf of Mexico and the North American mainland, east of Central America, and north of South America.\nSituated largely on the Caribbean Plate, the region comprises more than 700 islands, islets, reefs, and cays. These islands generally form island arcs that delineate the eastern and northern edges of the Caribbean Sea. The Caribbean islands, consisting of the Greater Antilles on the north and the Lesser Antilles on the south and east, are part of the somewhat larger West Indies grouping, which also includes the Lucayan Archipelago north of the Greater Antilles and Caribbean Sea. In a wider sense, the mainland countries of Belize, Guyana,and Suriname – may be included.\nGeopolitically, the Caribbean islands are usually regarded as a subregion of North America and are organized into 30 territories including sovereign states, overseas departments, and dependencies. From January 3, 1958, to May 31, 1962, there was a short-lived country called the Federation of the West Indies composed of ten English-speaking Caribbean territories, all of which were then United Kingdom dependencies. The West Indies cricket team continues to represent many of those nations.
/m/0mw1j	Charleston County is a county located in the U.S. state of South Carolina. As of the 2010 census, its population was 350,209. Its county seat is Charleston. It is the third-most populous county in the state.\nCharleston County was created in 1901 by an act of the South Carolina State Legislature. It is included in the Charleston-North Charleston-Summerville metropolitan area.
/m/05vc35	Dragon Ball Z: Bojack Unbound, known in Japan as Dragon Ball Z: The Galaxy's at the Brink!! The Super Incredible Guy, is the ninth Dragon Ball Z feature movie. It was released in Japan on July 10, 1993 at the Toei Anime Fair, where it was shown alongside the Dr. Slump movie N-cha! Pengin-mura yori Ai wo komete and the first YuYu Hakusho movie. The English version was dubbed by FUNimation and released on August 17, 2004. This is one of the few films in the franchise that can be slid into the series timeline without serious issues, taking place sometime after the Cell Games and before the Buu saga. It was also the last movie for voice actor of Muten-Rôshi, who died two years after its Japanese release. The movie was re-released to DVD and Blu-ray in a double feature with Super Android 13! and Dragon Ball Z Season 8 on February 9, 2009. It was re-released again to DVD on December 9, 2011 in a movie 4-pack with the previous three films.
/m/01200d	Wallace Fitzgerald Beery was an American actor. He is best known for his portrayal of Bill in Min and Bill opposite Marie Dressler, as Long John Silver in Treasure Island, as Pancho Villa in Viva Villa!, and his titular role in The Champ, for which he won the Academy Award for Best Actor. Beery appeared in some 250 movies over a 36-year span. He was the brother of actor Noah Beery, Sr. and uncle of actor Noah Beery, Jr.
/m/0b28g	Dover is a town and major ferry port in the home county of Kent, in South East England. It faces France across the narrowest part of the English Channel, and lies south-east of Canterbury; east of Kent's administrative capital Maidstone; and north-east along the coastline from Dungeness and Hastings. The town is the administrative centre of the Dover District and home of the Dover Calais ferry through the Port of Dover. The surrounding chalk cliffs have become known as the White Cliffs of Dover, and the narrow sea passage nearby – the Strait of Dover. Its strategic position has been evident throughout its history: archaeological finds have revealed that the area has always been a focus for peoples entering and leaving Britain. The name of the town derives from the name of the river that flows through it, the River Dour. The town has been inhabited since the Stone Age according to archaeological finds, and Dover is one of only a few places in Britain – London and Cornwall being other examples – to have a corresponding name in the French language, Douvres.\nThere was a military barracks in Dover, which was closed in 2007. Although many of the former ferry services have declined, services related to the Port of Dover provide a great deal of the town’s employment, as does tourism. The prospect of privatising the sale of the Port of Dover to create increased cash flow for the government was given a recent ironic twist due to the rejection of a possible bid from the town of Calais in France after opposition in Dover against any sale forced the government to withdraw the Port from the market:
/m/0w0d	Archery is the art, practice, or skill of propelling arrows with the use of a bow, from Latin arcus. Historically, archery has been used for hunting and combat, while in modern times, its main use is that of a competitive sport and recreational activity. A person who participates in archery is typically known as an \"archer\" or a \"bowman\", and one who is fond of or an expert at archery can be referred to as a toxophilite.
/m/0mbwf	The University of Calgary is a public research university located in Calgary, Alberta, Canada. Founded in 1966 the University of Calgary is composed of 14 faculties and more than 85 research institutes and centres.\nMore than 25,000 undergraduate and 6,000 graduate students are currently enrolled. The University of Calgary has graduated over 155,000 alumni in 152 countries, including the current Prime Minister of Canada, Stephen Harper, and Canadian astronaut Robert Thirsk.\nThe University of Calgary is one of Canada’s top research universities and is a member of the U15.\nThe University of Calgary is the birthplace of a number of important inventions, including the neurochip. The university's sponsored research revenue of $352 million, with total revenues exceeding $1.1 billion, is one of the highest in the country. Being in Calgary, with Canada's highest concentration of engineers and geoscientists, the Faculty of Science, Department of Geosciences and the Schulich School of Engineering maintain ties to the petroleum and geoscience industry.
/m/03tcbx	The Ninety-seventh United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, composed of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, D.C. from January 3, 1981 to January 3, 1983, during the final weeks of Jimmy Carter's presidency and the first two years of Ronald Reagan's presidency. The apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives was based on the Nineteenth Census of the United States in 1970. The House of Representatives had a Democratic majority. The Republicans gained control of the Senate, the first time that Republicans gained control of any chamber of Congress since 1953.
/m/03kxp7	Kaley Christine Cuoco-Sweeting is an American actress. She first came to attention for her role as Bridget Hennessy on the ABC sitcom 8 Simple Rules. Cuoco later starred as Billie Jenkins on the final season of the supernatural drama series Charmed. She has gained recognition for her role as Penny on the CBS comedy series The Big Bang Theory. Cuoco has also appeared in the films Lucky 13, The Penthouse, and Hop.
/m/01y6dz	One Life to Live is an American soap opera broadcast on the ABC television network for more than 43 years, from July 15, 1968, to January 13, 2012, and then on the internet as a web series on Hulu and iTunes via The Online Network from April 29, 2013 to August 19, 2013. Created by Agnes Nixon, the series was the first daytime drama to primarily feature ethnically and socioeconomically diverse characters and consistently emphasize social issues. One Life to Live was expanded from 30 minutes to 45 minutes on July 26, 1976, and then to an hour on January 16, 1978.\nOne Life to Live heavily focuses on the members and relationships of the Lord family. Actress Erika Slezak began portraying original and central heroine Victoria \"Viki\" Lord in March 1971 and played the character continuously for the rest of the show's run on ABC Daytime, winning a record six Daytime Emmy Awards for the role. In 2002, the series won an Emmy for Outstanding Drama Series. One Life to Live was the last American daytime soap opera taped in New York City.\nAfter nearly 43 years on the air, ABC canceled One Life to Live on April 11, 2011. On July 7, 2011, production company Prospect Park announced that it would continue the show as a web series after its run on ABC, but later suspended the project. The show taped its final scenes for ABC on November 18, 2011, and its final episode on the network aired on January 13, 2012 with a cliffhanger.
/m/037bm2	The Cannon Group Inc. was an American group of companies, including Cannon Films, which produced a distinctive line of low- to medium-budget films from 1967 to 1993. The extensive group also owned, amongst others, a large international cinema chain and a video film company that invested heavily in the video market, buying the international video rights to several classic film libraries.\nThe company was much more popular in the United Kingdom than in its native United States, which is indicative as to why the group owned several cinema chains in the UK.
/m/0mlyj	Snohomish County is a county located in the State of Washington. As of the 2010 census, the population was 713,335, making it the third-most populous county in Washington. The county seat and largest city is Everett. The county was created out of Island County on January 14, 1861 and is named for the Snohomish tribe.\nSnohomish County is included in the Seattle metropolitan area.
/m/09byk	Rutger Oelsen Hauer is a Dutch actor, writer, and environmentalist. His career began in 1969 with the title role in the popular Dutch television series Floris. His film credits include Flesh+Blood, Blind Fury, Blade Runner, The Hitcher, Escape from Sobibor, Nighthawks, Wedlock, Sin City, Confessions of a Dangerous Mind, Ladyhawke, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, The Osterman Weekend, The Blood of Heroes, Batman Begins, Hobo with a Shotgun, and The Rite. Hauer also founded an AIDS awareness organization, the Rutger Hauer Starfish Association.
/m/054f2k	Populous, formerly known as HOK Sport, is an architectural firm specializing in the design of sports facilities and convention centers, as well as planning of major special events.\nThe firm enjoys a dominant role in the design of sporting stadiums and arenas, including such globally prominent facilities as the new Yankee Stadium in New York, Wembley Stadium in London, Stadium Australia in Sydney, Wimbledon Centre Court, Minneapolis' Target Field, San Francisco's AT&T Park, Chicago's United Center arena, Busch Stadium in St. Louis, Great American Ball Park in Cincinnati, Pittsburgh's Heinz Field, Houston's Reliant Stadium, Arsenal's Emirates Stadium, Philippine Arena in Manila, the renovation of Chicago's Wrigley Field, University of Phoenix Stadium, the renovation of Soccer City Stadium in Johannesburg for the 2010 World Cup, London's 2012 Olympic Stadium, Miami's Sun Life Stadium, Ascot Racecourse, New York's Citi Field, Benfica's Estádio da Luz in Lisbon, the Millennium Stadium in Cardiff and the O2 Arenas in London, Berlin, and Dublin.\nPopulous formerly operated as HOK Sport Venue Event, which was part of the HOK Group. In January 2009, Populous was created through a management buyout, becoming independently owned and operated. It is reported to be one of the largest architecture firms in the world.
/m/01dtcb	Universal Music Group is the largest music corporation in the world. An American-based, French-owned multinational music corporation, it currently operates as a subsidiary of Paris-based media conglomerate Vivendi. UMG also owns Universal Music Publishing Group, which is the second largest music publishing company in the world. Universal Music Group's global corporate headquarters are located in Santa Monica, California.
/m/0494n	Kabul, also spelled Cabool, Caubul, Kabol, or Cabul, is the capital and largest city of Afghanistan. It is also the capital of Kabul Province, located in the eastern section of Afghanistan. According to a 2012 estimate, the population of the city was around 3,289,000, which includes Tajiks, Pashtuns, Hazaras and smaller numbers of Afghans belonging to other ethnic groups. It is the 64th largest and the 5th fastest growing city in the world.\nKabul is over 3,500 years old; many empires have long fought over the valley for its strategic location along the trade routes of South and Central Asia. It made up the eastern end of the Median Empire before becoming part of the Achaemenid Empire. In 331 BC, Alexander the Great defeated the Achaemenids and the area became part of the Seleucid Empire followed by the Maurya Empire. By the 1st century AD it became the capital of the Kushan Empire. It was later controlled by the Kabul Shahis, Saffarids, Ghaznavids, Ghurids, and others.\nBetween 1504 and 1526 AD, it served as the headquarters of Babur, founder of the Mughal Empire. It remained under Mughal control until Nader Shah and his Afsharid forces seized it in 1738. The city fell to Ahmad Shah Durrani in 1747, who added it to his new Afghan Empire. In 1776, Timur Shah Durrani made it the capital of the modern state of Afghanistan. It was invaded several times by neighboring British-Indian forces during the Anglo-Afghan wars in the 19th century. After the outbreak of the Third Anglo-Afghan War in 1919, the city was air raided by the Royal Air Force of British India. It began developing into a modern style city based on European architecture, particularly French, German and Italian designs.
/m/0hl3d	Pierre Boulez is a French composer, conductor, writer, and pianist.
/m/02bjhv	The University of Dayton is a private Roman Catholic national research university in Dayton, Ohio, United States. Founded in 1850 by the Society of Mary, it is one of three Marianist universities in the nation and the largest private university in Ohio. The university's campus is located in the southern portion of the city of Dayton and spans 388 acres on both sides of the Great Miami River. The campus is noted for the Immaculate Conception Chapel and the University of Dayton Arena. The University of Dayton operates the University of Dayton China Institute in Suzhou Industrial Park, China.\nThe university has about 8,000 undergraduate and 3,000 post-graduate students from a variety of religious, ethnic and geographic backgrounds, drawn from across the United States and more than 40 countries. The university offers more than 70 academic programs in arts and sciences, business administration, education and health sciences, engineering and law. It was first in the country to offer an undergraduate degree program in human rights in 1988.\nThe University's notable alumni include Nobel Prize winner Charles J. Pedersen; Kristina Keneally, first female Premier of New South Wales; humorist Erma Bombeck; architect Bruce Graham; sportscaster Dan Patrick; Super Bowl-winning coaches Jon Gruden and Chuck Noll; and engineer David Bradley, inventor of the Control-Alt-Delete computer keyboard command.
/m/02c8d7	Urban contemporary is a music radio format. The term was coined by the late New York DJ Frankie Crocker in the mid-1970s. Urban contemporary radio stations feature a playlist made up entirely of hip hop, R&B, electronic dance music such as dubstep and drum and bass, and Caribbean music such as reggae, reggaeton, zouk, bouyon, and sometimes Soca. Urban contemporary was developed through the characteristics of genres such as R&B and soul. Virtually all Urban contemporary formatted radio stations are located in cities that have sizeable African-American populations, such as New York City, Atlanta, Chicago, Washington, D.C., Philadelphia, Detroit, Cleveland, Cincinnati, Dallas, Houston, Los Angeles, Baltimore, Memphis, Boston, New Orleans, Oklahoma City, and Charlotte.\nThe term \"urban contemporary\" is heavily associated with African-American music, particularly for Contemporary R&B in African-American contexts. For the Latinos, the music is more Latin urban, such as Reggaeton, Latin hip hop, or bachata. Their playlists are dominated by singles by top-selling hip hop and R&B performers. On occasion, an urban contemporary station will play classic soul songs from the '70s and early '80s to satisfy the earlier end of the genre.
/m/0bl5c	The Best Years of Our Lives is a 1946 American drama film directed by William Wyler and starring Myrna Loy, Fredric March, Dana Andrews, Teresa Wright, Virginia Mayo, and Harold Russell. The film is about three United States servicemen readjusting to civilian life after coming home from World War II. Samuel Goldwyn was inspired to produce a film about veterans after reading an August 7, 1944 article in Time about the difficulties experienced by men returning to civilian life. Goldwyn hired former war correspondent MacKinlay Kantor to write a screenplay. His work was first published as a novella, Glory for Me, which Kantor wrote in blank verse. Robert Sherwood then adapted the novella as a screenplay.\nThe Best Years of Our Lives won seven Academy Awards in 1946, including Best Picture, Best Director, Best Actor, Best Supporting Actor, Best Film Editing, Best Adapted Screenplay, and Best Original Score. In addition to its critical success, the film quickly became a great commercial success upon release. It became the highest-grossing film and most attended film in both the United States and UK since the release of Gone with the Wind, selling approximately 55 million tickets in the United States which equaled a gross of $23,650,000. It remains the sixth most-attended film of all time in the UK, with over 20 million tickets sold. The film had one of the highest viewing figures of all time, with ticket sales exceeding $20.4 million.
/m/01zrs_	Kirkcaldy is a town and former royal burgh in Fife, on the east coast of Scotland. It is about 11.6 miles north of Edinburgh and 27.6 miles south-southwest of Dundee. The town has a population of 49,709 as recorded in 2011 census, making it Fife's largest population centre. Kirkcaldy has long been nicknamed the Lang Toun in reference to the early town's 0.9-mile main street, as indicated on maps of the 16th and 17th centuries. The street later reached a length of nearly 4 miles, connecting the burgh to the neighbouring settlements of Linktown, Pathhead, Sinclairtown and Gallatown, which became part of the town in 1876. The formerly separate burgh of Dysart was merged into Kirkcaldy in 1930.\nThe area around Kirkcaldy has been inhabited since the Bronze Age. The first document to refer to the town was in 1075, when Malcolm III granted the settlement to the church of Dunfermline. David I later gave the burgh to the Abbey which had succeeded the church: a status which was officially recognised by Robert I in 1327. The town only gained its independence from Abbey rule when it was created a royal burgh by Charles I in 1644.
/m/02bqy	Dartmouth College, commonly referred to as Dartmouth, is a private Ivy League research university located in Hanover, New Hampshire, United States. The institution consists of a liberal arts college, the Geisel School of Medicine, the Thayer School of Engineering, and the Tuck School of Business, as well as 19 graduate programs in the arts and sciences. Incorporated as the \"Trustees of Dartmouth College,\" it is one of the nine Colonial Colleges founded before the American Revolution. With an undergraduate enrollment of 4,194 and a total student enrollment of 6,144, Dartmouth is the smallest university in the Ivy League.\nDartmouth College was established in 1769 by Eleazar Wheelock, a Congregational minister. After a long period of financial and political struggles, Dartmouth emerged in the early 20th century from relative obscurity. Dartmouth alumni, from Daniel Webster to the many donors in the 19th and 20th centuries, have been famously involved in their college.\nDartmouth is located on a rural 269-acre campus in the Upper Valley region of New Hampshire. The campus is isolated, and participation in athletics and the school's Greek system is strong. Dartmouth's 34 varsity sports teams compete in the Ivy League conference of the NCAA Division I. Students are well known for preserving a variety of strong campus traditions.
/m/0h5k	Anthropology is the study of humankind, past and present, that draws and builds upon knowledge from social and biological sciences, as well as the humanities and the natural sciences.\nSince the work of Franz Boas and Bronisław Malinowski in the late 19th and early 20th centuries, anthropology in Great Britain and the US has been distinguished from ethnology and from other social sciences by its emphasis on cross-cultural comparisons, long-term in-depth examination of context, and the importance it places on participant-observation or experiential immersion in the area of research. Cultural anthropology in particular has emphasized cultural relativism, holism, and the use of findings to frame cultural critiques. This has been particularly prominent in the United States, from Boas's arguments against 19th-century racial ideology, through Margaret Mead's advocacy for gender equality and sexual liberation, to current criticisms of post-colonial oppression and promotion of multiculturalism. Ethnography is one of its primary methods as well as the text that is generated from anthropological fieldwork.\nWhile in Great Britain and the Commonwealth countries, the British tradition of Social Anthropology tends to dominate, in the United States anthropology is traditionally divided into the four field approach developed by Franz Boas in the early 20th century: biological or physical anthropology, social anthropology or cultural anthropology, archaeology and anthropological linguistics. These fields frequently overlap, but tend to use different methodologies and techniques.
/m/01jrz5j	Cy Coleman was an American composer, songwriter, and jazz pianist.
/m/07_3qd	Graham Keith Gouldman is an English songwriter and musician who is a long-time member of British band 10cc.
/m/01w3vc	Upper Canada College, located in midtown Toronto, Ontario, Canada, is a private school for boys between Senior Kindergarten and Grade Twelve, operating under the International Baccalaureate program. The secondary school segment is divided into ten houses; eight are for day students and the remaining two exclusively for boarding students. The college also owns and operates a campus in Norval, Ontario, for outdoor education.\nFounded in 1829 by Lieutenant Governor of Upper Canada Sir John Colborne, UCC is the oldest independent school in the province of Ontario, the third oldest in the country, and is described as one of Canada's most prestigious preparatory schools, having many of Canada's most powerful and wealthy as graduates. Modelled on the British public schools, UCC, throughout the first part of its history, both had an influence on and was influenced by government and maintained a reputation as a Tory bastion from its founding. However, UCC is today fully independent and the school's student and faculty populations are culturally and socioeconomically diverse. A link to Canada's royal family is maintained through Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, who is the college's Official Visitor and a member of the Board of Governors.
/m/03zb6t	The Costa Rica national football team, nicknamed La Sele or Los Ticos is the national team of Costa Rica and is controlled by the Federación Costarricense de Fútbol. Costa Rica is the third most successful team in CONCACAF after Mexico and the United States. They are the most successful team in Central America having qualified to four World Cups, including reaching the last sixteen on their debut in Italy 1990. In 2006, Costa Rica qualified for the World Cup in Germany, with their worst World Cup to date, finishing 31st out of 32 teams. Costa Rica has qualified first in the CONCACAF Final Round in both the 1990 World Cup qualification final round and 2002 World Cup qualification final round. Costa Rica is currently second in the CONCACAF Final Round for the 2014 FIFA World Cup.\nThe edge in both CONCACAF and UNCAF Nations Cup titles is also significant over regional national teams. Costa Rica have been CONCACAF champions three times and have won the UNCAF Nations Cup seven times. The nation has also participated in four Copa América tournaments, making the quarterfinals in 2001 and 2004.
/m/0j6cj	Joseph \"Joe\" Satriani is an American instrumental rock guitarist, multi-instrumentalist and multiple Grammy Award nominee. Early in his career, Satriani worked as a guitar instructor, with many of his former students achieving fame, such as: Steve Vai, Larry LaLonde, Rick Hunolt, Kirk Hammett, Andy Timmons, Charlie Hunter, Kevin Cadogan and Alex Skolnick.\nIn 1988, Satriani was recruited by Mick Jagger as lead guitarist for his first solo tour. In 1994, Satriani toured with Deep Purple as the lead guitarist. He has worked with a range of guitarists during the G3 tour, which he founded in 1995. His G3 collaborators have included Vai, LaLonde, Timmons, Steve Lukather, John Petrucci, Eric Johnson, Yngwie Malmsteen, Brian May, Patrick Rondat, Paul Gilbert, Adrian Legg, Steve Morse and Robert Fripp. He is currently the lead guitarist for the supergroup Chickenfoot. Since 1988, Satriani has been using his own signature guitars, the Ibanez JS Series, which are sold in music stores worldwide. He has also collaborated with Vox to create his own wah, delay, overdrive and distortion pedals as well as a collaboration with Marshall Amplification for the creation of his own signature series amplifier head, the JVM410HJS.
/m/01t032	The Golden Retriever is a large-sized breed of dog. They were bred as gun dogs to retrieve shot waterfowl such as ducks and upland game birds during hunting and shooting parties, and were named retriever because of their ability to retrieve shot game undamaged. Golden Retrievers have an instinctive love of water, and are easy to train to basic or advanced obedience standards. They are a long-coated breed, with a dense inner coat that provides them with adequate warmth in the outdoors, and an outer coat that lies flat against their bodies and repels water. Golden Retrievers are well suited to residency in suburban or country environments. Although they need substantial outdoor exercise, they should be housed in a fenced area because of their instinctual tendency to roam. The dog sheds copiously, particularly at the change of seasons, and requires fairly regular grooming.\nThe breed is a prominent participant in conformation shows for purebred dogs. The Golden Retrievers' intelligence makes it a versatile breed and allows it to fill a variety of roles – common ones being guide dog for the blind, hearing dog for the deaf, hunting dog, detection dog, and search and rescue participant. The breed's friendly, gentle temperament means it is unsuited to being a professional guard dog, but its temperament has also made it the third most popular family dog breed in the United States, the fifth most popular in Australia, and the eighth most popular in the United Kingdom. Golden Retrievers are rarely choosy eaters, but require ample exercise. The breed is fond of play but also highly trainable; Augie, a Golden Retriever from Texas, holds the world record for the most tennis balls held in the mouth by a dog.
/m/02g3ft	The Saturn Award for Best Director is one of the annual awards given by the American Academy of Science Fiction, Fantasy & Horror Films. The Saturn Awards, which are the oldest film-specialized awards to reward science fiction, fantasy, and horror achievements, included the Best Director category for the first time at the 3rd Saturn Awards, for the 1974/1975 film years.\nThe award is also the oldest to honor film directors in science fiction, fantasy and horror. It has been given 36 times, including a tie for the 1977 film year.\nJames Cameron holds the record of the most wins with five, while Steven Spielberg is the most nominated director with eleven nominations. Only two other directors have won the award more than once: Peter Jackson and Bryan Singer. At the 22nd Saturn Awards, Kathryn Bigelow became the first woman to win the award, 15 years before becoming the first woman to win the Academy Award for Best Director.\nSpielberg is also the first director to win Best Director fom both the Saturn Awards and the Academy Awards at the same year, but for different movies; while Peter Jackson is the first to win both for the same film.
/m/095nx	Earvin \"Magic\" Johnson, Jr. is a retired American professional basketball player who played point guard for the Los Angeles Lakers of the National Basketball Association for 13 seasons. After winning championships in high school and college, Johnson was selected first overall in the 1979 NBA Draft by the Lakers. He won a championship and an NBA Finals Most Valuable Player Award in his rookie season, and won four more championships with the Lakers during the 1980s. Johnson retired abruptly in 1991 after announcing that he had contracted HIV, but returned to play in the 1992 All-Star Game, winning the All-Star MVP Award. After protests from his fellow players, he retired again for four years, but returned in 1996, at age 36, to play 32 games for the Lakers before retiring for the third and final time.\nJohnson's career achievements include three NBA MVP Awards, nine NBA Finals appearances, twelve All-Star games, and ten All-NBA First and Second Team nominations. He led the league in regular-season assists four times, and is the NBA's all-time leader in average assists per game, at 11.2. Johnson was a member of the 1992 United States men's Olympic basketball team, which won the Olympic gold medal in 1992. After leaving the NBA in 1992, Johnson formed the Magic Johnson All-Stars, a barnstorming team that travelled around the world playing exhibition games.
/m/06rny	The San Francisco 49ers are a professional American football team based in Santa Clara, California, playing in the West Division of the National Football Conference in the National Football League. The team was founded in 1946 as a charter member of the All-America Football Conference and joined the NFL in 1949 after the two leagues merged.\nThe 49ers are known for having had one of the NFL's greatest dynasties, winning five Super Bowl championships in just 14 years, between 1981 and 1994, with four of those championships in the 1980s. The Super Bowl teams were led by Hall of Famers Joe Montana, Jerry Rice, Ronnie Lott, Steve Young, and coach Bill Walsh. With five Super Bowl wins, the 49ers are tied with rivals Dallas Cowboys for the second-most Super Bowl wins. The 49ers won the most regular season NFL games in both the 1980s and 1990s.\nThe name \"49ers\" comes from the name given to the gold prospectors who arrived in Northern California around 1849 during the California Gold Rush. The name was suggested to reflect the voyagers who had rushed the West for gold. It is the only name the team has ever had and San Francisco is the only city in which it has resided. The team is legally and corporately registered as the San Francisco Forty Niners, Ltd., and is the oldest major professional sports team in California. Major League Baseball teams did not arrive until 1958, when the New York Giants and Brooklyn Dodgers moved to San Francisco and Los Angeles, respectively. The Minneapolis Lakers and Philadelphia Warriors became the first NBA teams in the state when both teams moved to California in 1960–61 and 1962–63, respectively; and the expansion Oakland Seals and Los Angeles Kings became the first NHL teams in the state in 1967. The Cleveland Rams arrived in Los Angeles in 1946. The 49ers and Los Angeles Rams were cross-state rivals until 1995, when the Rams moved from Southern California to St. Louis, Missouri to become the current St. Louis Rams.
/m/01ktz1	Augusta–Richmond County is a consolidated city-county in the U.S. state of Georgia, located at the fall line of the Savannah River, at the head of its navigable portion. According to 2012 US Census estimates, the Augusta-Richmond County population was 197,872 not counting the unconsolidated cities of Hephzibah and Blythe.\nAugusta is the principal city of the Augusta-Richmond County Metropolitan Statistical Area, which as of 2010 had an estimated population of 556,877, making it the third-largest city and the second-largest metro area in the state after Atlanta. It also has the second-largest regional trade area in the State behind Atlanta with an estimate of 1,825,917 people. It is the 116th-largest city in the United States. Internationally, Augusta is best known for hosting The Masters golf tournament each spring.
/m/01vy_v8	Frank Oz is a film director, actor, voice actor and puppeteer.
/m/01l_w0	The Guess Who is a Canadian rock band from Winnipeg, Manitoba. Initially gaining recognition in Canada, the group also found international success from the late 1960s through the mid-1970s with numerous hit singles, including \"No Time\", \"American Woman\", \"These Eyes\" and \"Share the Land\". Several former members of The Guess Who, notably Burton Cummings and Randy Bachman, have also found considerable success outside the band.\nThe band was inducted into The Canadian Music Hall of Fame in 1987.
/m/0d075m	The Democratic Party of the United States of America is one of the two major contemporary political parties in the United States, along with the younger Republican Party. Tracing its origins back to the Democratic-Republican Party, the modern Democratic Party was founded around 1828 and is the oldest political party in the world. There have been 15 Democratic presidents, the first being Andrew Jackson, who served from 1829 to 1837; the most recent is the current president, Barack Obama, who has served since 2009.\nSince the 1930s, the party has promoted a social liberal platform. Until the late 20th century the party had a powerful conservative wing based in the rural South, which over time has greatly diminished. Today its Congressional caucus is composed mostly of progressives and centrists.\nAs of the 113th Congress, following the 2012 elections, the Democratic Party holds a minority of seats in the House of Representatives and a majority of seats in the United States Senate, as well as a minority of state governorships and control of a minority of state legislatures.
/m/02hkv5	Mammootty, is an Indian film actor and producer who has mainly worked in Malayalam cinema. He has also acted in Tamil, Hindi, Telugu, and Kannada films. During a career spanning more than three decades, he has acted in more than 360 films, and is only next to Prem Nazir in the number of lead roles in Indian films. He has also appeared in the highest number of dual roles in Malayalam films. Mammootty is involved in more than half a dozen philanthropic projects aimed at helping needy people. Mammootty is the patron of the Pain and Palliative Care Society, a charitable organisation in Kerala formed with the aim of improving the quality of life among patients with advanced cancer. He has been working with the Pain and Palliative Care Centre situated in Kozhikode, India.\nHe has been awarded the National Film Award for Best Actor three times. He has also won five Kerala State Film Awards and eleven Filmfare Awards. In 1998, he was awarded the Padma Shri for his contributions towards the arts. He was also honoured a Doctor of Letters by the University of Kerala in January 2010 and by the University of Calicut in December 2010. He is considered a megastar of Indian cinema.
/m/01vx5w7	Kelendria Trene Rowland, simply known as Kelly Rowland, is an American singer, songwriter, actress and television personality. Rowland rose to fame in the late 1990s as the second lead vocalist of R&B girl-group Destiny's Child, one of the world's best-selling girl groups of all time. During their hiatus, Rowland released her debut solo album Simply Deep, which sold 2.5 million copies worldwide and produced the number-one single \"Dilemma\" with Nelly, as well as the international top-ten hit \"Stole\". Rowland also ventured into acting, with guest appearances in television sitcoms, and starring roles in Freddy vs. Jason and The Seat Filler.\nFollowing the disbandment of Destiny's Child in 2005, she released her second album Ms. Kelly, which included international hits \"Like This\" and \"Work\". In 2009, Rowland served as a host on the first season of The Fashion Show, and was featured on David Guetta's number-one dance hit \"When Love Takes Over\". The song's global success influenced Rowland to explore dance music on her third album Here I Am, which spawned the international top-ten hit \"Commander\" and US R&B/Hip-Hop number-one \"Motivation\". In 2011, she returned to television as a judge on the eighth season of The X Factor UK, and in 2013, became a judge on the third and final season of The X Factor US. Rowland's fourth album Talk a Good Game, which saw a return to her \"R&B roots\", was released to critical acclaim.
/m/01cjhz	Only Fools and Horses is a British sitcom created and written by John Sullivan. Seven series were originally broadcast on BBC One in the United Kingdom from 1981 to 1991, with sporadic Christmas specials until 2003. Episodes are regularly repeated on Gold and occasionally repeated on BBC One.\nSet in Peckham in south London, it stars David Jason as ambitious market trader Derek \"Del Boy\" Trotter, Nicholas Lyndhurst as his younger brother Rodney, and Lennard Pearce as their elderly Grandad. After Pearce's death in 1984, his character was replaced by Uncle Albert. Backed by a strong supporting cast, the series chronicles the Trotters' highs and lows in life, in particular their attempts to get rich.\nAfter a relatively slow start, the show went on to achieve consistently high ratings, and the 1996 episode \"Time On Our Hands\" holds the record for the highest UK audience for a sitcom episode, attracting 24.3 million viewers. Critically and popularly acclaimed, the series received numerous awards, including recognition from BAFTA, the National Television Awards and the Royal Television Society, as well as winning individual accolades for both Sullivan and Jason. It was voted Britain's Best Sitcom in a 2004 BBC poll.
/m/0g824	Alicia Augello Cook, known professionally as Alicia Keys, is an American R&B singer-songwriter, pianist, musician, record producer, and actress. Keys released her debut album with J Records, having had previous record deals first with Columbia and then Arista Records. Keys' debut album, Songs in A Minor, was a commercial success, selling over 12 million copies worldwide. She became the best-selling new artist and best-selling R&B artist of 2001. The album earned Keys five Grammy Awards in 2002, including Best New Artist and Song of the Year for \"Fallin'\" becoming the second American recording artist to win five Grammys in one night. Her second studio album, The Diary of Alicia Keys, was released in 2003 and was also another success worldwide, selling eight million copies. The album garnered her an additional four Grammy Awards in 2005. Later that year, she released her first live album, Unplugged, which debuted at number one in the United States. She became the first female to have an MTV Unplugged album to debut at number one and the highest since Nirvana in 1994.\nKeys made guest appearances on several television series in the following years, beginning with Charmed. She made her film debut in Smokin' Aces which included Ben Affleck, Andy Garcia, Chris Pine, Ryan Reynolds, Taraji P. Henson, Jeremy Piven and also went on to appear in The Nanny Diaries which starred Scarlett Johansson, Laura Linney, Paul Giamitti and Chris Evan in 2007. Her third studio album, As I Am, was released in the same year and sold five million copies worldwide, earning Keys an additional three Grammy Awards. The following year, she appeared in The Secret Life of Bees with Queen Latifah, Jennifer Hudson, Sophie Okonedo, and Dakota Fanning, which earned her a nomination at the NAACP Image Awards. She released her fourth album, The Element of Freedom, in December 2009, which became Keys' first chart-topping album in the United Kingdom. She released her fifth album, Girl on Fire, in November 2012, which became Keys' fifth chart-topping album in the United States. In February 2014, she released the Track Zebras and Airplanes, which was recorded 5 years back.
/m/0dbns	Winchester College is an independent school for boys in the British public school tradition, situated in Winchester, Hampshire, England. It has existed in its present location for over 600 years and claims the longest unbroken history of any school in England. It is the oldest of the original nine English public schools defined by the Public Schools Act 1868 and is one of four remaining full boarding independent schools, meaning all pupils are boarders, in the United Kingdom.
/m/048qrd	Crossroads is a 2002 comedy-drama road film set in Louisiana. Directed by Tamra Davis and written by Shonda Rhimes, the film stars Britney Spears, Anson Mount, Zoe Saldana, Taryn Manning, Kim Cattrall and Dan Aykroyd. The film was produced by MTV Films and released on February 15, 2002, in North America by Paramount Pictures. The plot centers on three teenage girls as they take a cross-country road trip, finding themselves and their friendship in the process.\nDevelopment on the film began in 2001, when Spears created a concept that was later expanded by Rhimes. Principal filming began on March 2001, and encompassed over a period of six months. Critics gave negative reviews to Crossroads; however, they considered it a better effort when compared to Mariah Carey's 2001 film Glitter. Despite the movie's response from critics, it was a moderate box office success, grossing over $61.1 million worldwide over the course of three months.
/m/07_w1l	SV Eintracht Trier 05 is a German association football club based in Trier, Rhineland-Palatinate. It was formed on 11 March 1948 out of the merger of Westmark 05 Trier and Eintracht Trier 06, on the 43rd anniversary of the establishment of predecessor Trier Fußball Club 05. The team badge incorporates Trier's most famous landmark, the Porta Nigra, an ancient Roman city gate still standing in Germany's oldest city.
/m/01c92g	The Grammy Award for Best Male Pop Vocal Performance was awarded between 1966 and 2011. The award had several minor name changes:\nIn 1966 the award was known as Best Contemporary Vocal Performance - Male\nIn 1967 the award was combined with the equivalent award for women as the Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Solo Vocal Performance – Male or Female\nIn 1968 it was awarded as Best Contemporary Male Solo Vocal Performance\nIn 1969 it was awarded as Best Contemporary-Pop Vocal Performance, Male\nFrom 1970 to 1971 it was awarded as Best Contemporary Vocal Performance, Male\nFrom 1972 to 1994 it was awarded as Best Pop Vocal Performance, Male\nSince 1995 it has been awarded as Best Male Pop Vocal Performance\nThe award was discontinued from 2012 in a major overhaul of Grammy categories. From 2012, all solo performances in the pop category were shifted to the newly formed Best Pop Solo Performance category.\nA similar award for Best Vocal Performance, Male was awarded from 1959 to 1968. This was also in the pop field, but did not specify pop music.\nYears reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were presented, for works released in the previous year.
/m/081nh	Walter Elias \"Walt\" Disney was an American business magnate, animator, cartoonist, producer, director, screenwriter, entrepreneur, and voice actor. A major figure within the American animation industry and throughout the world, he is regarded as an international icon, and philanthropist, well known for his influence and contributions to the field of entertainment during the 20th century. As a Hollywood business mogul, he, along with his brother Roy O. Disney, co-founded Walt Disney Productions, which later became one of the best-known motion picture production companies in the world. The corporation is now known as The Walt Disney Company and had an annual revenue of approximately US$45 billion in the 2013 financial year.\nAs an animator and entrepreneur, Disney was particularly noted as a film producer and a popular showman, as well as an innovator in animation and theme park design. He and his staff created some of the world's most well-known fictional characters including Mickey Mouse, for whom Disney himself provided the original voice. During his lifetime he received four honorary Academy Awards and won 22 Academy Awards from a total of 59 nominations, including a record four in one year, giving him more awards and nominations than any other individual in history. Disney also won seven Emmy Awards and gave his name to the Disneyland and Walt Disney World Resort theme parks in the U.S., as well as the international resorts like Tokyo Disney Resort, Disneyland Paris, and Hong Kong Disneyland.
/m/01fwzk	They Shoot Horses, Don't They? is a 1969 American drama film directed by Sydney Pollack. The screenplay by James Poe and Robert E. Thompson is based on the 1935 novel of the same name by Horace McCoy. It focuses on a disparate group of characters desperate to win a Depression-era dance marathon and the opportunistic emcee who urges them on to victory. It stars Jane Fonda, Michael Sarrazin, Susannah York, Bruce Dern, Bonnie Bedelia, and Gig Young. Fonda and Young both won awards for their performances.
/m/05s_k6	20th Century Fox Home Entertainment is the home video distribution arm of the 20th Century Fox film studio. It was established in 1976 as Magnetic Video Corporation, and was also known as 20th Century Fox Video, CBS/Fox Video and FoxVideo, Inc.. The company also is best known for distributing the two highest-grossing films of all time, Titanic and Avatar.\nCBS/Fox became Fox Video in 1991, alternating with the CBS/Fox name until 1998. It was renamed as 20th Century Fox Home Entertainment in 1995, alternating with the Fox Video name until 1999.\nThey serve as a UK distributor for French film distributor, Pathé and their film library for VHS/DVD release while Warner Bros. handles theatrical distribution as of 2010. Fox also distributed Yari Film Group DVD titles in North America.\nThey also distribute Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and United Artists DVD titles worldwide under the MGM Home Entertainment label since MGM ended their home video agreement with Sony Pictures Home Entertainment. They also distribute titles from Relativity Media and DreamWorks Animation, as well as Largo Entertainment among others.
/m/0py8j	The Peninsular War was a military conflict between France and the allied powers of Spain, the United Kingdom and Portugal for control of the Iberian Peninsula during the Napoleonic Wars. The war started when French and Spanish armies occupied Portugal in 1807, and escalated in 1808 when France turned on Spain, its ally until then. The war on the peninsula lasted until the Sixth Coalition defeated Napoleon in 1814, and is regarded as one of the first wars of national liberation, significant for the emergence of large-scale guerrilla warfare.\nThe Peninsular War overlaps with what the Spanish-speaking world calls the Guerra de la Independencia Española, which began with the Dos de Mayo Uprising on 2 May 1808 and ended on 17 April 1814. The French occupation destroyed the Spanish administration, which fragmented into quarrelling provincial juntas. In 1810, a reconstituted national government, the Cádiz Cortes—effectively a government-in-exile—fortified itself in Cádiz but could not raise effective armies because it was besieged by 70,000 French troops. British and Portuguese forces eventually secured Portugal, using it as a safe position from which to launch campaigns against the French army and to provide whatever supplies they could get to the Spanish, while the Spanish armies and guerrillas tied down vast numbers of Napoleon's troops. These combined regular and irregular allied forces prevented Napoleon's marshals from subduing the rebellious Spanish provinces by restricting French control of territory and the war continued through years of stalemate.
/m/05fm6m	Bewitched is a 2005 comedy-fantasy produced by Columbia Pictures and is a re-imagining of the television series of the same name. The film was released in the United States and Canada on June 24, 2005. It was written, produced, and directed by Nora Ephron and featured as co-stars Nicole Kidman and Will Ferrell. Filming took place in late 2004 and early 2005.
/m/06jk5_	Norwich University – The Military College of Vermont is a private university located in Northfield, Vermont. It is the oldest private military college in the United States. The university was founded in 1819 at Norwich, Vermont, as the American Literary, Scientific and Military Academy. It is the oldest of six senior military colleges, and is recognized by the United States Department of Defense as the \"Birthplace of ROTC\". Norwich University's population is almost completely a Corps of Cadets but also includes a small traditional student body.
/m/0bqsk5	The MacArthur Fellows Program, MacArthur Fellowship, or \"Genius Grant\" is a prize awarded annually by the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation typically to between 20 and 40 individuals, working in any field, who \"show exceptional merit and promise for continued and enhanced creative work\" and are citizens or residents of United States.\nAccording to the Foundation's website, \"the fellowship is not a reward for past accomplishment, but rather an investment in a person's originality, insight, and potential.\" The current prize is $625,000 paid over five years in quarterly installments. This figure was increased from $500,000 in 2013 with the release of a review of the MacArthur Fellows Program. As of 2007, the Program has awarded more than $350 million to 756 recipients as young as 18 and as old as 82. The award has been called \"one of the most significant awards that is truly 'no strings attached.'\"\nThe Program has no application—an anonymous group nominates potential Fellows and recommends them to an anonymous selection committee of about a dozen people. The committee reviews all nominees and recommends recipients to the President and board of directors. Most new Fellows first learn of their nomination upon receiving a congratulatory phone call. MacArthur Fellow James Collins describes this experience in an editorial column of The New York Times.
/m/07s8hms	Michael S. Stuhlbarg is an American theatre, film, and television actor. He is best known for portraying organized crime boss Arnold Rothstein in the HBO series Boardwalk Empire, as well as troubled 1960s university professor Larry Gopnik in the Coen brothers' 2009 dark comedy A Serious Man.
/m/04fgkf_	The Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Talk Show Host is one of the awards presented every year at the Daytime Emmy Awards ceremony.
/m/02xtxw	Mean Girls is a 2004 American teen comedy film directed by Mark Waters. The screenplay was written by Tina Fey and is based in part on the non-fiction book Queen Bees and Wannabes by Rosalind Wiseman, which describes how female high school social cliques operate and the effect they can have on girls. The film stars Lindsay Lohan and features a supporting cast of Tina Fey, Rachel McAdams, Lacey Chabert, Amanda Seyfried, and Lizzy Caplan. The film was produced by Saturday Night Live creator Lorne Michaels. Screenwriter and co-star of the film, Tina Fey, was a long-term cast member and writer for SNL. The film also features appearances from SNL cast members Tim Meadows, Ana Gasteyer, and Amy Poehler. This film marks Lohan's second collaboration with director Mark Waters, the first one being Freaky Friday.\nThe film received generally positive reviews from critics and was a box office success, grossing $129,042,871 worldwide. The film has since developed a large cult following.
/m/0194f5	Lucerne is a city in north-central Switzerland, in the German-speaking portion of that country. Lucerne is the capital of the Canton of Lucerne and the capital of the district of the same name. With a population of about 76,200 people, Lucerne is the most populous city in Central Switzerland, and a nexus of transportation, telecommunications, and government of this region. The city's urban area consists of 17 cities and towns located in three different cantons with an overall population of about 250,000 people.\nDue to its location on the shore of Lake Lucerne, within sight of Mount Pilatus and Rigi in the Swiss Alps, Lucerne has long been a destination for tourists. One of the city's famous landmarks is the Chapel Bridge, a wooden bridge first erected in the 14th century.
/m/0b_j2	William Martin \"Billy\" Joel is an American pianist, singer-songwriter, and composer. Since releasing his first hit song, \"Piano Man,\" in 1973, Joel has become the sixth best selling recording artist and the third-best-selling solo artist in the United States. His compilation album Greatest Hits Vol. 1 & 2 is the third-best-selling album in the United States by discs shipped.\nJoel had Top 40 hits in the 1970s, 1980s, and 1990s, achieving 33 Top 40 hits in the United States, all of which he wrote himself. He is also a six-time Grammy Award winner who has been nominated for 23 Grammy Awards throughout his career. He has sold over 150 million records worldwide.\nJoel was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame, the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, and the Long Island Music Hall of Fame. In 2001, Joel received the Johnny Mercer Award from the Songwriters Hall of Fame. In 2013, Joel received the Kennedy Center Honors, the nation's highest honor, for influencing American culture through the arts. With the exception of the 2007 songs \"All My Life\" and \"Christmas in Fallujah,\" Joel stopped writing and releasing pop/rock material after 1993's River of Dreams. However, he continues to tour, and he plays songs from all eras of his solo career in his concerts.
/m/06xw2	A search engine is an information retrieval system designed to help find information stored on a computer system. The search results are usually presented in a list and are commonly called hits. Search engines help to minimize the time required to find information and the amount of information which must be consulted, akin to other techniques for managing information overload.\nThe most public, visible form of a search engine is a Web search engine which searches for information on the World Wide Web.
/m/08r98b	The Fort Lauderdale Strikers are an American professional soccer team based in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. Founded in 2006, they play in the North American Soccer League, the second tier of the American soccer pyramid. The team, known as Miami F.C. until 2011, are named for the original Strikers, who played in the old North American Soccer League from 1977 to 1983. They play their home games in Lockhart Stadium. They have a fierce in-state rivalry with the Tampa Bay Rowdies.
/m/0dx_q	Joan Henrietta Collins OBE, is an English actress, author and columnist. Born in Paddington, west London and brought up in Maida Vale, Collins grew up during the Second World War. After making her stage debut in A Doll's House at the age of 9, she was trained as an actress at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in London. After eighteen months at the drama school, she was signed to an exclusive contract by the Rank Organisation and appeared in various British films.\nAt the age of 22, Collins headed to Hollywood and landed sultry roles in several popular films, including The Girl in the Red Velvet Swing and Rally 'Round the Flag, Boys!. While she continued to make films in the US and the UK throughout the 1960s, her career languished in the 1970s, where she appeared in a number of horror flicks. Near the end of the decade, she starred in two films based on best-selling novels by her younger sister Jackie Collins: The Stud and its sequel The Bitch. Returning to her theatrical roots, she played the title role in the 1980 British revival of The Last of Mrs. Cheyney and later had a lead role in the 1990 revival of Noël Coward's Private Lives. In 1981, Collins landed the role of Alexis Carrington Colby in the 1980s television soap opera Dynasty, winning a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in 1982. She received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 1983 for career achievement.
/m/02_pft	Lee J. Cobb was an American actor. He is best known for his performance in 12 Angry Men, his Academy Award-nominated performance in On the Waterfront, and one of his last films, The Exorcist. He also played the role of Willy Loman in the original Broadway production of Arthur Miller's 1949 play Death of a Salesman under the direction of Elia Kazan. On television, Cobb costarred in the first four seasons of the popular, long-running western series The Virginian. He typically played arrogant, intimidating, and abrasive characters, but often had roles as respectable figures such as judges.
/m/04jq2	Library science is an interdisciplinary or multidisciplinary field that applies the practices, perspectives, and tools of management, information technology, education, and other areas to libraries; the collection, organization, preservation, and dissemination of information resources; and the political economy of information. The first American school for library science was founded by Melvil Dewey at Columbia University in 1887.\nHistorically, library science has also included archival science. This includes how information resources are organized to serve the needs of select user group, how people interact with classification systems and technology, how information is acquired, evaluated and applied by people in and outside of libraries as well as cross-culturally, how people are trained and educated for careers in libraries, the ethics that guide library service and organization, the legal status of libraries and information resources, and the applied science of computer technology used in documentation and records management.\nThere is no generally agreed-upon distinction between the terms library science, librarianship, and library and information science, and to a certain extent they are interchangeable, perhaps differing most significantly in connotation. The term library and information science is most often used; most librarians consider it as only a terminological variation, intended to emphasize the scientific and technical foundations of the subject and its relationship with information science. LIS should not be confused with information theory, the mathematical study of the concept of information. Library and information science can also be seen as an integration of the two fields library science and information science, which were separate at one point. Library philosophy has been contrasted with library science as the study of the aims and justifications of librarianship as opposed to the development and refinement of techniques.
/m/0l2sr	San Joaquin County is a county located in Central Valley of the U.S. state of California, just east of the San Francisco Bay Area. As of the 2010 census, the population was 685,306. The county seat is Stockton. The City of San Joaquin, despite sharing its name with the county, is located in Fresno County, not San Joaquin County.
/m/063hp4	Singin' in the Rain is a 1952 American musical comedy film directed by Gene Kelly and Stanley Donen, starring Kelly, Donald O'Connor and Debbie Reynolds, and choreographed by Kelly. It offers a lighthearted depiction of Hollywood in the late '20s, with the three stars portraying performers caught up in the transition from silent films to \"talkies.\"\nOther similar films include Love Me or Leave Me and Thoroughly Modern Millie\nThe film was only a modest hit when first released, with O'Connor's Best Supporting Actor win at the Golden Globes, Comden and Green's win at the Writers Guild of America Awards, and the best supporting actress Oscar nomination for Jean Hagen being the only major recognitions. However, it was accorded its legendary status by contemporary critics. It is now frequently described as one of the best musicals ever made, topping the AFI's 100 Years of Musicals list, and ranking fifth in its updated list of the greatest American films in 2007.
/m/09c17	Bangalore is the capital city of the Indian state of Karnataka. Located on the Deccan Plateau in the south-eastern part of Karnataka. Bangalore is India's third most populous city and fifth-most populous urban agglomeration. Bangalore is known as the Silicon Valley of India because of its role as the nation's leading Information Technology exporter. Located at a height of over 3,000 feet above sea level, Bangalore is known for its pleasant climate throughout the year. The city is amongst the top ten preferred entrepreneurial locations in the world.\nA succession of South Indian dynasties, the Western Gangas, the Cholas, and the Hoysalas ruled the present region of Bangalore until in 1537 CE, Kempé Gowdā — a feudatory ruler under the Vijayanagara Empire — established a mud fort considered to be the foundation of modern Bangalore. Following transitory occupation by the Marāthās and Mughals, the city remained under the Mysore Kingdom. It later passed into the hands of Hyder Ali and his son Tipu Sultan, and was captured by the British after victory in the Fourth Anglo-Mysore War, who returned administrative control of the city to the Maharaja of Mysore. The old city developed in the dominions of the Maharaja of Mysore, and was made capital of the Princely State of Mysore, which existed as a nominally sovereign entity of the British Raj. In 1809, the British shifted their cantonment to Bangalore, outside the old city, and a town grew up around it, which was governed as part of British India. Following India's independence in 1947, Bangalore became the capital of Mysore State, and remained capital when the new Indian state of Karnataka was formed in 1956. The two urban settlements of Bangalore – City and Cantonment – which had developed as independent entities merged into a single urban centre in 1949. The city was renamed Bengaluru in 2006.
/m/02hkvw	Surendranatha Thilakan, known mononymously as Thilakan, was an Indian film and stage actor who had starred in over 200 Malayalam films in a career spanning over four decades.\nThilakan is regarded as one of the finest actors in Indian cinema, and popularly mentioned as the Perumthachan of Malayalam Cinema. He is known for his excellence in character, antagonist, and protagonist roles. He has won 3 National Film Awards and 9 Kerala State Film Awards. The Government of India awarded him with the Padma Shri in 2009 for his contributions towards the arts.\nThilakan died on 24 September 2012, following a cardiac arrest at a private hospital in Thiruvananthapuram.
/m/0194x	The Baroque is a period of artistic style that used exaggerated motion and clear, easily interpreted detail to produce drama, tension, exuberance, and grandeur in sculpture, painting, architecture, literature, dance, and music. The style began around 1600 in Rome, Italy and spread to most of Europe.\nThe popularity and success of the Baroque style was encouraged by the Roman Catholic Church, which had decided at the time of the Council of Trent, in response to the Protestant Reformation, that the arts should communicate religious themes in direct and emotional involvement. The aristocracy also saw the dramatic style of Baroque architecture and art as a means of impressing visitors and expressing triumph, power and control. Baroque palaces are built around an entrance of courts, grand staircases and reception rooms of sequentially increasing opulence.
/m/0170th	The People vs. Larry Flynt is a 1996 American biographical drama film directed by Miloš Forman about the rise of pornographic magazine publisher and editor Larry Flynt, and his subsequent clash with the law. The film stars Woody Harrelson, Courtney Love, and Edward Norton.\nThe film was written by Scott Alexander and Larry Karaszewski. It spans about 25 years of Flynt's life from his impoverished upbringing in Kentucky to his court battle with Reverend Jerry Falwell, and is based in part on the U.S. Supreme Court case Hustler Magazine v. Falwell. The film grossed just over $20.3 million domestically with a budget of $35 million.
/m/0gmd3k7	Savages is a 2012 American crime thriller film directed by Oliver Stone. It is based on the novel of the same name by Don Winslow. The screenplay was written by Shane Salerno, Winslow and Stone. The film was released on July 6, 2012, and stars Taylor Kitsch, Blake Lively, Aaron Taylor-Johnson, Demian Bichir, Benicio del Toro, Salma Hayek, John Travolta, and Emile Hirsch.
/m/0g8g6	Northumberland is the northernmost ceremonial county and a unitary district in North East England. It borders Cumbria to the west, County Durham to the south and Tyne and Wear to the southeast and the Scottish Borders council area to the north. Its North Sea coastline is a designated Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty with a 64-mile long distance path. Since 1981, the county council has been located in Morpeth, situated in the east of the county.\nThe historical boundaries of the county of Northumberland included Newcastle upon Tyne, the traditional county town, as well as Tynemouth and other settlements in North Tyneside, all areas transferred to Tyne and Wear in 1974 under the Local Government Act 1972. The historical county boundaries are sometimes taken to exclude Islandshire, Bedlingtonshire and Norhamshire, exclaves of County Durham which were incorporated into Northumberland in 1844. For Eurostat purposes Northumberland is a NUTS 3 region and is one of three local authority areas that comprise the \"Northumberland and Tyne and Wear\" NUTS 2 region.\nBeing on the border of England and Scotland, Northumberland has been the site of a number of battles. The county is noted for its undeveloped landscape of high moorland, a favourite with landscape painters, and now largely protected as a National Park. Northumberland is the most sparsely populated county in England, with only 62 people per square kilometre.
/m/02__7n	Christine Jane Baranski is an American stage and screen actress. She is an Emmy Award winner and a two-time Tony Award winner.\nBaranski made her stage debut in 1974 and her Broadway debut in Hide and Seek in 1980. She won two Tony Awards for Best Featured Actress in a Play, for The Real Thing in 1984 and Rumors in 1989. Other Broadway credits include, Hurlyburly, The House of Blue Leaves and Boeing Boeing.\nOn television, she is known for her Emmy Award-winning role as Maryanne Thorpe in the sitcom Cybill, and her Emmy-nominated portrayals of Dr. Beverly Hofstadter in The Big Bang Theory and Diane Lockhart in The Good Wife. She has received a total of eleven Emmy nominations.\nHer film roles include, 9 1/2 Weeks, Legal Eagles, Reversal of Fortune, Addams Family Values, Jeffrey, The Birdcage, Bulworth, Cruel Intentions, Chicago and Mamma Mia!.
/m/07147	The San Diego Padres are a Major League Baseball team based in San Diego, California. They play in the National League Western Division. Founded in 1969, the Padres have won the National League Pennant twice, in 1984 and 1998, losing in the World Series both times. As of 2013, they have had 13 winning seasons in franchise history. The Padres and the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim are the only MLB teams in California to originate from California, while the Athletics are originally from Philadelphia, and the Dodgers and Giants are originally from New York.\nAs of October 24, 2013, the Padres are the only team in the MLB to never pitch a no-hitter. They are also one of two teams, along with the Miami Marlins, in MLB history to never have a player hit for the cycle.
/m/02w4fkq	Colbie Marie Caillat is an American pop singer-songwriter and acoustic guitarist from Malibu, California. She debuted in 2007 with Coco, which included hit singles \"Bubbly\" and \"Realize\". In 2008, she recorded a duet with Jason Mraz, \"Lucky\", which won a Grammy. Caillat released her second album, Breakthrough, in August 2009. Breakthrough was nominated for Best Pop Vocal Album at the 2010 Grammy Awards. She was also part of the group that won Album of the Year at the 2010 Grammys for her background vocals and writing on Taylor Swift's Fearless album. Caillat has sold over six million albums worldwide and sold over 10 million singles. In 2009, she was named Billboard magazine's 94th-best-selling music artist of the 2000–2009 decade. In 2011, she released her third studio album, All of You. On October 23, 2012 she released her first Christmas album, Christmas in the Sand.
/m/0pd57	Airport is a 1970 American drama film starring Burt Lancaster and Dean Martin, directed and written by George Seaton, and based on Arthur Hailey's 1968 novel of the same name. The film, which earned nearly $100,500,000, focuses on an airport manager trying to keep his airport open during a snow storm, while a suicidal bomber plots to blow up a Boeing 707 airliner in flight. The story takes place at fictional Lincoln International Airport located near Chicago, Illinois. The picture was produced by Ross Hunter with a $10 million budget. Ernest Laszlo photographed it in 70 mm Todd-AO.\nThis was the last film scored by Alfred Newman, who died shortly before the movie's release. Airport was also the last film role for Van Heflin.\nThe film was a critical success and surpassed Spartacus as Universal Pictures' biggest moneymaker. The movie won Helen Hayes an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her role as an elderly stowaway and was nominated for nine more Academy Awards, including Best Picture, Best Cinematography, and Best Costume Design for renowned Hollywood designer Edith Head.\nAirport originated the 1970s disaster film genre, establishing the convention of \"microcosmic melodrama combined with catastrophe-oriented adventure\".
/m/0pz7h	Elizabeth Stamatina \"Tina\" Fey is an American actress, comedian, writer and producer, known for her work on the NBC sketch comedy series Saturday Night Live, the critically acclaimed NBC comedy series 30 Rock, and such films as Mean Girls, Baby Mama, Date Night, and Admission.\nFey first broke into comedy as a featured player in the Chicago-based improvisational comedy group The Second City. She then joined SNL as a writer, later becoming head writer and a performer, known for her position as co-anchor in the Weekend Update segment. In 2004, she co-starred in and wrote the screenplay for Mean Girls, which was partly adapted from a book. After leaving SNL in 2006, she created the television series 30 Rock, a situation comedy loosely based on her experiences at SNL. In the series, Fey portrays the head writer of a fictional sketch comedy series. In 2008, she starred in the comedy film Baby Mama, alongside former SNL co-star Amy Poehler. Fey next appeared alongside Steve Carell in the 2010 comedy film Date Night and with Will Ferrell in the animated film Megamind.\nFey has received eight Emmy Awards, two Golden Globe Awards, five Screen Actors Guild Awards, four Writers Guild of America Awards and has been nominated for a Grammy Award for her autobiographical book Bossypants, which topped the The New York Times Best Seller list for five weeks. In 2008, the Associated Press gave Fey the AP Entertainer of the Year award for her satirical portrayal of Republican vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin in a guest appearance on SNL. In 2010, Fey was the recipient of the Mark Twain Prize for American Humor, the youngest-ever winner of the award. On January 13, 2013, Fey hosted the Golden Globe Awards with her long-time friend and fellow comedian, Amy Poehler. Their performance was critically acclaimed. The duo hosted again the following year to similar acclaim, generating the highest ratings for the annual ceremony in ten years.
/m/06krf3	Mommie Dearest is a 1981 biographical drama film about Joan Crawford, starring Faye Dunaway. The film was directed by Frank Perry. The story was adapted for the screen by Robert Getchell, Tracy Hotchner, Frank Perry, and Frank Yablans, based on the 1978 autobiography of the same name by Christina Crawford. The executive producers were Christina's husband, David Koontz, and Terrence O'Neill, Dunaway's then-boyfriend and soon-to-be husband. The film was distributed by Paramount Pictures, the only one of the \"Big 8\" film studios for which Crawford had never appeared in a feature film.\nThe film was a commercial success, grossing $39 million worldwide. Despite mixed reviews, it has since become a cult classic.
/m/0194d	Badminton is a racquet sport played by either two opposing players or two opposing pairs, who take positions on opposite halves of a rectangular court divided by a net. Players score points by striking a shuttlecock with their racquet so that it passes over the net and lands in their opponents' half of the court. Each side may only strike the shuttlecock once before it passes over the net. A rally ends once the shuttlecock has struck the floor, or if a fault has been called by either the umpire or service judge or, in their absence, the offending player, at any time during the rally.\nThe shuttlecock is a feathered projectile whose unique aerodynamic properties cause it to fly differently from the balls used in most racquet sports; in particular, the feathers create much higher drag, causing the shuttlecock to decelerate more rapidly than a ball. Shuttlecocks have a much higher top speed, when compared to other racquet sports. Because shuttlecock flight is affected by wind, competitive badminton is played indoors. Badminton is also played outdoors as a casual recreational activity, often as a garden or beach game.
/m/06nvzg	The American Council of Learned Societies, founded in 1919, is a private nonprofit federation of 71 scholarly organizations in the humanities and related social sciences. It is perhaps best known for its fellowship competitions, which provide a range of opportunities for scholars in the humanities and related social sciences at all career stages working with varied disciplines and methodologies in the U.S. and abroad.
/m/0284gc	Coventry City Football Club is an English association football club representing Coventry in the West Midlands, but currently playing home games at Northampton, some 34 miles to the southeast of the city. The team competes in League One, the third tier of the English football league system. Nicknamed the Sky Blues owing to the colour of their strip, Coventry City were formed in 1883 as Singers F.C., and they joined the Football League in 1919. Their only major trophy was won in 1987 when they beat Tottenham Hotspur 3–2 to win the FA Cup in a match listed by the FA as one of the twelve classic FA Cup Finals. They also reached two League Cup semi-finals, in 1981 and 1990.\nThe club was an inaugural member of the Premier League in 1992 and had spent an impressive 34 consecutive seasons in the English top flight before being relegated in 2001. Following eleven seasons in the second-tier Football League Championship without any significant success, Coventry were relegated to Football League One in 2012, the first time in 48 years that the club played in the English league system's third tier.\nCoventry has only qualified for European competition once, during the 1970–71 season, when they competed in the European Inter-Cities Fairs Cup, reaching the second round. Despite beating Bayern Munich 2–1 in their home leg, they lost heavily in the away leg to go out of the competition. They were unable to compete in the 1987–88 UEFA Cup Winner's Cup due to the ban on English clubs at that time.
/m/0dq626	Holes is a 2003 American comedy-drama adventure film based on the 1998 novel of the same title by Louis Sachar, with Shia LaBeouf as the lead role of Stanley Yelnats IV and also starring Khleo Thomas, Sigourney Weaver, Jon Voight, Tim Blake Nelson, Eartha Kitt, Patricia Arquette, Dulé Hill, Rick Fox, and Henry Winkler. The film was produced by Walden Media and distributed on many markets by Disney's distribution company Buena Vista.\nHoles was Scott Plank's final film; he died October 24, 2002.
/m/0p88j	The National Gallery is an art museum on Trafalgar Square in London. Founded in 1824, it houses a collection of over 2,300 paintings dating from the mid-13th century to 1900. The Gallery is an exempt charity, and a non-departmental public body of the Department for Culture, Media and Sport. Its collection belongs to the public of the United Kingdom and entry to the main collection is free of charge. It is the fifth most visited art museum in the world, after the Musée du Louvre, the Metropolitan Museum of Art, the British Museum and Tate Modern.\nUnlike comparable museums in continental Europe, the National Gallery was not formed by nationalising an existing royal or princely art collection. It came into being when the British government bought 38 paintings from the heirs of John Julius Angerstein, an insurance broker and patron of the arts, in 1824. After that initial purchase the Gallery was shaped mainly by its early directors, notably Sir Charles Lock Eastlake, and by private donations, which comprise two-thirds of the collection. The resulting collection is small in size, compared with many European national galleries, but encyclopaedic in scope; most major developments in Western painting \"from Giotto to Cézanne\" are represented with important works. It used to be claimed that this was one of the few national galleries that had all its works on permanent exhibition, but this is no longer the case.
/m/03x_dvn	Family medicine, formerly Family Practice, is a medical specialty devoted to comprehensive health care for people of all ages; the specialist is named a family physician, family doctor, or formerly family practitioner. In Europe the discipline is often referred to as general practice and a practitioner as a General Practice Doctor or GP; this name emphasises the holistic nature of this speciality, as well as its roots in the family. It is a division of primary care that provides continuing and comprehensive health care for the individual and family across all ages, genders, diseases, and parts of the body. It is based on knowledge of the patient in the context of the family and the community, emphasizing disease prevention and health promotion. According to the World Organization of Family Doctors, the aim of family medicine is to provide personal, comprehensive and continuing care for the individual in the context of the family and the community. The issues of values underlying this practice are usually known as primary care ethics.
/m/0164b	Belize is a country on the northeastern coast of Central America. It is the only country in the area that has English as its official language; and English creole and Spanish are also commonly spoken. Belize is bordered on the north by Mexico, to the south and west by Guatemala, and to the east by the Caribbean Sea. Its mainland is about 290 km long and 110 km wide.\nWith 22,800 square kilometres of land and a population of only 334,297, Belize has the lowest population density in Central America. The country's population growth rate of 1.97% per year is the second highest in the region and one of the highest in the western hemisphere.\nBelize's abundance of terrestrial and marine species and its diversity of ecosystems give it a key place in the globally significant Mesoamerican Biological Corridor.\nBelize has a diverse society, with many cultures and languages. Originally part of the British Empire, it shares a common colonial history with other Anglophone Caribbean countries. From 1862 to 1973, its name was British Honduras. It became an independent Commonwealth realm in 1981, retaining Queen Elizabeth II as head of state.
/m/03ksy	Harvard University is a private Ivy League research university in Cambridge, Massachusetts, whose history, influence and wealth have made it one of the most prestigious universities in the world.\nEstablished in 1636 by the Massachusetts legislature and soon thereafter named for John Harvard, Harvard is the United States' oldest institution of higher learning, and the Harvard Corporation is its first chartered corporation. Although never formally affiliated with any denomination, the early College primarily trained Congregation­alist and Unitarian clergy. Its curriculum and student body were gradually secularized during the 18th century, and by the 19th century Harvard had emerged as the central cultural establishment among Boston elites. Following the American Civil War, President Charles W. Eliot's long tenure transformed the college and affiliated professional schools into a modern research university; Harvard was a founding member of the Association of American Universities in 1900. James Bryant Conant led the university through the Great Depression and World War II and began to reform the curriculum and liberalize admissions after the war. The undergraduate college became coeducational after its 1977 merger with Radcliffe College.
/m/0dthsy	The 35th Academy Awards, honoring the best in film for 1962, were held on April 8, 1963 at the Santa Monica Civic Auditorium in Santa Monica, California, hosted by Frank Sinatra.
/m/09ps01	The Virgin Suicides is a 1999 American drama written and directed by Sofia Coppola, produced by her father Francis Ford Coppola, starring James Woods, Kathleen Turner, Kirsten Dunst, Josh Hartnett, and A. J. Cook.\nBased on the novel of the same name by Jeffrey Eugenides, the film tells of the events surrounding the lives of five sisters in an upper-middle class suburb of Detroit during the 1970s. After the youngest sister makes an initial attempt at suicide, the sisters are put under close scrutiny by their parents, eventually being put into near-confinement, which leads to increasingly depressive and isolated behaviour.
/m/0fhnf	Salzburg is a state of Austria. It is officially named Land Salzburg, colloquially Salzburgerland, to distinguish it from its eponymous capital, the City of Salzburg. By its centuries-long history as an independent Prince-Bishopric, Salzburg's tradition differs from the other Austrian lands.
/m/0knhk	Scorpions are a German rock band formed in 1965. Since the band's inception, their musical style has ranged from hard rock to heavy metal. The band's only constant member is guitarist Rudolf Schenker, although Klaus Meine has been lead singer for all their studio albums. They are known for their 1980s rock anthem \"Rock You Like a Hurricane\" and many singles, such as \"No One Like You\", \"Send Me an Angel\", \"Still Loving You\", and \"Wind of Change\". The band was ranked No. 46 on VH1's Greatest Artists of Hard Rock program. \"Rock You Like a Hurricane\" is also No. 18 on VH1's list of the 100 Greatest Hard Rock Songs.\nThe band is one of the world’s best-selling bands of all time, with claims of sales around 75 million to 100 million records worldwide.
/m/0164v	Benin, officially the Republic of Benin, is a country in West Africa. It is bordered by Togo to the west, by Nigeria to the east and by Burkina Faso and Niger to the north. A majority of the population live on its small southern coastline on the Bight of Benin, part of the Gulf of Guinea in the northernmost tropical portion of the Atlantic Ocean. The capital of Benin is Porto-Novo, but the seat of government is in Cotonou, the country's largest city and economic capital. Benin covers an area of approximately 115,000 square kilometers, with a population of approximately 9.98 million. Benin is a tropical, sub-Saharan nation, highly dependent on agriculture, with substantial employment and income arising from subsistence farming.\nThe official language of Benin is French. However, indigenous languages such as Fon and Yoruba are commonly spoken. The largest religious group in Benin is Roman Catholicism, followed closely by Islam, Vodun and Protestantism. Benin is a member of the United Nations, the African Union, the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation, South Atlantic Peace and Cooperation Zone, La Francophonie, the Community of Sahel-Saharan States, the African Petroleum Producers Association and the Niger Basin Authority.
/m/03x1x	The Iroquois, also known as the Haudenosaunee, or the Six Nations, and to themselves the Goano'ganoch'sa'jeh'seroni or Ganonsyoni.\nA historically powerful and important northeast Native American people who formed the Iroquois Confederacy and today make up the Six Nations. Many prominent individuals are Iroquois or have Iroquois ancestry. A melting pot culture, vibrant today in language, culture, and independent governance. In 2010, more than 45,000 enrolled Six Nations people lived in Canada, and about 80,000 in the United States.
/m/0jfx1	John Christopher \"Johnny\" Depp II is an American actor, film producer, and musician. He has won the Golden Globe Award and Screen Actors Guild award for Best Actor. Depp rose to prominence on the 1980s television series 21 Jump Street, becoming a teen idol. Dissatisfied with that status, Depp turned to film for more challenging roles; he played the title character of the acclaimed Edward Scissorhands and later found box office success in films such as Sleepy Hollow, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, Alice in Wonderland, Rango and the Pirates of the Caribbean film series. He has collaborated with director and friend Tim Burton in eight films; the most recent being Dark Shadows.\nDepp has gained acclaim for his portrayals of such people as Ed Wood in Ed Wood, Joseph D. Pistone in Donnie Brasco, Hunter S. Thompson in Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, George Jung in Blow, Jack Sparrow in Pirates of the Caribbean, and the bank robber John Dillinger in Michael Mann's Public Enemies. Films featuring Depp have grossed over $3.1 billion at the United States box office and over $7.6 billion worldwide. His commercially most successful films have been Pirates of the Caribbean which grossed US$ 3,727 million, Alice in Wonderland which grossed US$ 1,024 million, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory which grossed US$ 474 million and The Tourist which grossed US$ 278 million worldwide.
/m/0q8jl	Florence is the county seat of Lauderdale County, Alabama, United States, in the northwestern corner of the state.\nAccording to the 2010 Census, the city's population was 39,319.\nFlorence is the largest and principal city of the Metropolitan Statistical Area known as \"The Shoals\". Florence is considered the primary economic hub of northwestern Alabama.\nFlorence is renowned for its annual tourism events, including W.C. Handy Music Festival in the summer, and the Renaissance Faire in the fall. Landmarks in Florence include the Rosenbaum House, the only Frank Lloyd Wright-designed home located in Alabama.\nThe type of municipal government is mayor-council.
/m/02wxtgw	Android is an operating system based on the Linux kernel, and designed primarily for touchscreen mobile devices such as smartphones and tablet computers. Initially developed by Android, Inc., which Google backed financially and later bought in 2005, Android was unveiled in 2007 along with the founding of the Open Handset Alliance—a consortium of hardware, software, and telecommunication companies devoted to advancing open standards for mobile devices. The first publicly available smartphone running Android, the HTC Dream, was released on October 22, 2008.\nThe user interface of Android is based on direct manipulation, using touch inputs that loosely correspond to real-world actions, like swiping, tapping, pinching and reverse pinching to manipulate on-screen objects. Internal hardware such as accelerometers, gyroscopes and proximity sensors are used by some applications to respond to additional user actions, for example adjusting the screen from portrait to landscape depending on how the device is oriented. Android allows users to customize their home screens with shortcuts to applications and widgets, which allow users to display live content, such as emails and weather information, directly on the home screen. Applications can further send notifications to the user to inform them of relevant information, such as new emails and text messages.
/m/0hqzr	Nantes is a city in West France, located on the Loire River, 50 km from the Atlantic coast. The city is the 6th largest in France, with a metropolitan area of about 900,000 inhabitants.\nNantes is the capital city of the Pays de la Loire region and the Loire-Atlantique département and also the largest city in the Grand-Ouest, North western France in English. Together with Vannes, Rennes and Carhaix, it was one of the major cities of the historic province of Brittany, and the ancient Duchy of Brittany. Though officially separated from Brittany in 1789, Nantes is culturally Breton and still widely regarded as its capital city.\nThe Nantes Tramway opened in 1985, a reversal of the trend of tramway closures that had been going on since the middle of the 20th century. The tramway system is one of the largest and busiest in France. The city also has a Busway line, an innovative and notable Bus Rapid Transit. Nantes is served by an international airport, Nantes Atlantique Airport and a major French railway station, the Gare de Nantes.\nIn 2004, Time named Nantes as \"the most liveable city in Europe\". In 2010, Nantes was named a hub city for innovation in the Innovation Cities Index by innovation agency, 2thinknow. The city was ranked 36th globally from 289 cities and 4th overall in France, behind Paris, Lyon and Strasbourg for innovation across multiple sectors of the economy. As of 2013, Nantes holds the title of European Green Capital awarded by the European Commission for its efforts to reduce air pollution and CO2 emissions, for its high quality and well-managed public transport system and for its biodiversity with 3,366 hectares of green spaces and several Natura 2000 zones which guarantee a protection of nature in the area.
/m/03k7dn	Denison University is a private, coeducational, and residential liberal arts college in Granville, Ohio, United States, about 30 miles east of Columbus, the state capital. Founded in 1831, it is Ohio's second-oldest liberal arts college. Denison is a member of the Five Colleges of Ohio, the Great Lakes Colleges Association, and the North Coast Athletic Conference.
/m/09q2t	Brown is the color of dark wood or rich soil. It is a composite color made by combining red, black and yellow. The color is seen widely in nature, in wood, soil, and human hair color, eye color and skin pigmentation. Culturally, it is most often associated with plainness, humility, the rustic, and poverty. In politics, it is historically associated with Nazism.
/m/0m57f	The Pulitzer Prize for Biography or Autobiography is one of the seven American Pulitzer Prizes that are annually awarded for Letters, Drama, and Music. It has been presented since 1917 for a distinguished biography or autobiography by an American author or co-authors, published during the preceding calendar year. Thus it is one of the original Pulitzers, for the program was inaugurated in 1917 with seven prizes, four of which were awarded that year.\nFinalists have been announced from 1980, ordinarily two others beside the winner.
/m/01gk3x	Isfahan, historically also rendered in English as Ispahan, Sepahan or Hispahan, is the capital of Isfahan Province in Iran, located about 340 kilometres south of Tehran. It has a population of 1,583,609 and is Iran's third largest city after Tehran and Mashhad. The Greater Isfahan Region had a population of 3,793,101 in the 2011 Census, the second most populous metropolitan area in Iran after Tehran.\nThe cities of Zarrinshahr, Fooladshahr and Najafabad, Se-deh, Shahin-shahr, Mobarakeh, Falavarjan and Charmahin all constitute the metropolitan city of Isfahan.\nIsfahan is located on the main north-south and east-west routes crossing Iran, and was once one of the largest cities in the world. It flourished from 1050 to 1722, particularly in the 16th century under the Safavid dynasty, when it became the capital of Persia for the second time in its history. Even today, the city retains much of its past glory. It is famous for its Islamic architecture, with many beautiful boulevards, covered bridges, palaces, mosques, and minarets. This led to the Persian proverb \"Esfahān nesf-e jahān ast\".\nThe Naghsh-e Jahan Square in Isfahan is one of the largest city squares in the world and an outstanding example of Iranian and Islamic architecture. It has been designated by UNESCO as a World Heritage Site. The city also has a wide variety of historic monuments and is known for the paintings and history.
/m/05dmmc	An American in Paris is a 1951 American musical film inspired by the 1928 orchestral composition by George Gershwin. Starring Gene Kelly, Leslie Caron, Oscar Levant, Georges Guétary, and Nina Foch, the film is set in Paris, and was directed by Vincente Minnelli from a script by Alan Jay Lerner. The music is by George Gershwin, with lyrics by his brother Ira, with additional music by Saul Chaplin, the music director.\nThe story of the film is interspersed with dance numbers choreographed by Gene Kelly and set to Gershwin's music. Songs and music include \"I Got Rhythm\", \"I'll Build A Stairway to Paradise\", \" 'S Wonderful\", and \"Our Love is Here to Stay\". The climax of the film is \"The American in Paris\" ballet, a 16 minute dance featuring Kelly and Caron set to Gershwin's An American in Paris. The ballet alone cost more than $500,000.
/m/0241y7	Madacy Kids brings to life Victor Hugo's classic novel for this entry in their animated Children's Film Favorites series. Centering on the deformed Quasimodo, Children's Film Favorites: The Hunchback of Notre Dame is set in 17th-century France. After being ridiculed all his life, the good-hearted bell-ringer surprises everyone when he heroically rescues the beautiful Esmeralda.
/m/0243cq	Tim Burton's The Nightmare Before Christmas 3D is a 2006 3D version of the 1993 film of the same title directed by Henry Selick and written by Caroline Thompson.
/m/05txrz	Seth Rogen is a Canadian stand-up comedian, actor, producer, director, screenwriter, and voice actor. Rogen began his career performing stand-up comedy during his teenage years, winning the Vancouver Amateur Comedy Contest in 1998. While still living in his native Vancouver, he landed a small role in Freaks and Geeks. Shortly after Rogen moved to Los Angeles for his role, Freaks and Geeks was officially cancelled after one season due to low viewership. Rogen later got a part on the equally short-lived Undeclared, which also hired him as a staff writer.\nAfter landing his job as a staff writer on the final season of Da Ali G Show, for which Rogen and the other writers received their Emmy Award nomination, Rogen was guided by Judd Apatow toward a film career. Rogen was cast in a major supporting role and credited as a co-producer in Apatow's directorial debut, The 40-Year-Old Virgin. After Rogen received critical praise for his performance, Universal Pictures agreed to cast him as the lead in Apatow's directorial feature films Knocked Up and Funny People. Rogen and his comedy partner Evan Goldberg co-wrote the films Superbad, Pineapple Express, and This Is the End. Rogen has also done voice work for the films Horton Hears a Who!, Kung Fu Panda, Monsters vs. Aliens, and Paul. Rogen married fellow screenwriter Lauren Miller in October 2011.
/m/015wnl	John Vincent Hurt, CBE is an English actor. Among other honours, he has received two Academy Award nominations, a Golden Globe Award, and four BAFTA Awards, with the fourth being a Lifetime Achievement recognition.\nHurt is known for his leading roles as John Merrick in The Elephant Man, Winston Smith in Nineteen Eighty-Four, Mr. Braddock in The Hit, Stephen Ward in Scandal, Quentin Crisp in The Naked Civil Servant and An Englishman in New York, and Caligula in I, Claudius. Recognisable for his distinctive rich voice, he has also enjoyed a successful voice acting career, starring in films such as Watership Down, the animated The Lord of the Rings and Dogville, as well as the BBC television series Merlin. He portrayed the War Doctor in the Doctor Who 50th anniversary special \"The Day of the Doctor\", following brief appearances in previous episodes.\nHurt initially came to prominence for his role as Richard Rich in the 1966 film A Man for All Seasons, and has since appeared in films such as Alien, Midnight Express, Rob Roy, V for Vendetta, Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull, the Harry Potter film series, the Hellboy films, and Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy. Hurt is one of Britain's best-known, most prolific and sought-after actors, and has had a versatile film career spanning six decades. He is also known for his many Shakespearean roles. His character's final scene in Alien is consistently named as one of the most memorable in cinematic history.
/m/01b7b	A bishop is an ordained or consecrated member of the Christian clergy who is generally entrusted with a position of authority and oversight.\nWithin the Roman Catholic, Eastern Orthodox, Oriental Orthodox, Anglican, Old Catholic and Independent Catholic churches and in the Assyrian Church of the East, bishops claim apostolic succession, a direct historical lineage dating back to the original Twelve Apostles. Within these churches, bishops are seen as those who possess the full priesthood and can ordain clergy – including other bishops. Some Protestant churches including the Lutheran and Methodist churches have bishops serving similar functions as well, though not always understood to be within apostolic succession in the same way. One who has been ordained deacon, priest, and then bishop is understood to hold the fullness of the priesthood, given responsibility by Christ to govern, teach and sanctify the Body of Christ, members of the Faithful. Priests, deacons and lay ministers cooperate and assist their bishop in shepherding a flock.
/m/03cd1q	Arif Mardin was a Turkish-American music producer, who worked with hundreds of artists across many different styles of music, including jazz, rock, soul, disco, and country. He worked at Atlantic Records for over 30 years, as both an assistant, producer, arranger, studio manager, and vice president, before moving to EMI and serving as vice president and general manager of Manhattan Records. His collaborations include working with Queen, The Bee Gees, Anita Baker, Aretha Franklin, Roberta Flack, Bette Midler, Laura Branigan, Chaka Khan, Scritti Politti, Phil Collins, Daniel Rodriguez, Norah Jones, Richard Marx, Culture Club and Jewel. Mardin was awarded 11 Grammy Awards.
/m/016lh0	Ronald Ernest \"Ron\" Paul is an American physician, author, and former politician who served as the U.S. Representative for Texas' 14th and 22nd congressional districts. He represented the 22nd congressional district from 1976 to 1977 and from 1979 to 1985, and then represented the 14th congressional district, which included Galveston, from 1997 to 2013. On three occasions, he sought the presidency of the United States: as the Libertarian Party nominee in 1988 and as a candidate in the Republican primaries of 2008 and 2012. Paul is a critic of the federal government's fiscal policies, especially the existence of the Federal Reserve, the tax policy, the military–industrial complex, and the War on Drugs. Paul was the first chairman of the conservative PAC Citizens for a Sound Economy and has been characterized as the \"intellectual godfather\" of the Tea Party movement.\nA native of the Pittsburgh suburb of Green Tree, Pennsylvania, Paul is a graduate of Gettysburg College and the Duke University School of Medicine, where he earned his medical degree. He served as a flight surgeon in the U.S. Air Force from 1963 to 1968. He worked as an obstetrician-gynecologist from the 1960s to the 1980s, delivering more than 4,000 babies. He became the first Representative in history to serve concurrently with a child in the Senate when his son, Rand Paul, was elected to the U.S. Senate from Kentucky in 2010.
/m/0140t7	Philip David Charles \"Phil\" Collins, LVO is an English musician, singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, actor and writer, best known both as drummer and vocalist for rock group Genesis and as a solo artist. He sang the lead vocals on dozens of hit albums and singles in the UK and the US between 1976 and 2010, either as a solo artist or with Genesis. His solo singles, sometimes dealing with lost love and often featuring his distinctive gated reverb drum sound, ranged from the atmospheric \"In the Air Tonight\", dance-rock of \"Sussudio\", piano-driven power ballad \"Against All Odds\", to the political and religious connotations of \"Another Day in Paradise\".\nCollins joined Genesis in 1970 as the group's drummer and became their vocalist in 1975 following the departure of their original frontman Peter Gabriel. His solo career, which was launched in 1981 and was heavily influenced by his personal life and soul music, brought both himself and Genesis greater commercial success. Collins's total worldwide sales as a solo artist are 150 million. Collins has won numerous music awards throughout his career, including seven Grammy Awards, six Brit Awards—winning Best British Male three times, three American Music Awards, an Academy Award, two Golden Globe Awards and a Disney Legend Award in 2002 for his solo work. He received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 1999, was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 2003, and into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of Genesis in 2010.
/m/019lrz	Austrians are a Germanic ethnic group, consisting of the population of the Republic of Austria and its historical predecessor states who share a common Austrian culture and Austrian descent. The English term Austrians was applied to the population of Habsburg Austria from the 17th or 18th century. Subsequently, during the 19th century, it referred to the citizens of the Empire of Austria, and from 1867 until 1918 to the citizens of Cisleithania. In the closest sense, the term Austria originally referred to the historical March of Austria, corresponding roughly to the Vienna Basin in what is today Lower Austria. However, Austrians are better described as a nationality, rather than an ethnic group.\nHistorically, Austrians were regarded as ethnic Germans and viewed themselves as such, since Austria was part of the Holy Roman Empire of the German Nation until its ending and as part of the German Confederation until the Austro-Prussian war in 1866 which effectively saw Prussia exclude Austria from Germany. Following the founding of the nation-state German Empire in 1871 without Austria, and along with the events of World War II and Nazism, Austrians have developed their own distinct national identity and in the modern day do not consider themselves as \"Germans\".
/m/01wmxfs	Eric Marlon Bishop, known professionally as Jamie Foxx, is an American actor, stand-up comedian, singer-songwriter, musician, and talk radio host. As an actor, his work in the film 2004 Ray earned him the Academy Award and BAFTA Award for Best Actor as well as the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a musical or comedy. The same year, he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role in the action film Collateral.\nHe is also a Grammy Award winning musician, producing three albums which have charted highly on the Billboard 200: Unpredictable, which topped the chart, Best Night of My Life, and Intuition. Foxx starred in his own television show, The Jamie Foxx Show, as Jamie King. In 2012, Foxx starred in the film Django Unchained, and is due to star as the villain Electro in The Amazing Spider-Man 2 in 2014.
/m/01rv7x	Tamil people, also known as Tamilians or simply Tamils, are a people who speak the Tamil language as Mother tongue. Tamil people with a population of about 77 million living around the word are found to be the largest and most ancient of the existing linguistic civilizations in the world that exist without a nation of their own. Tamils form the largest Stateless nation in the world.\nThousands of years ago, urbanisation and mercantile activity along the western and eastern coast of what is today Kerala and Tamil Nadu led to the development of four large Tamil political states and a number of smaller states warring amongst themselves for dominance. Between the 3rd century BC and the 3rd century AD, Tamil people also produced native literature that came to be called Sangam literature.\nTamils were noted for their martial, religious and mercantile activities beyond their native borders. Pandyas and Cholas were historically active in Sri Lanka. Pallava traders and religious leaders travelled to South East Asia and played an important role in the cultural Indianisation of the region. Locally developed scripts such as Grantha and Pallava script induced the development of many native scripts such as Khmer, Javanese and Thai.
/m/0mskq	Bexar County is a county in the US state of Texas. As of the 2010 census, the population was 1,714,773, making it the 19th most populous county in the nation and the 4th most populated within Texas. Its county seat is San Antonio, the second most populous city in Texas. In old Spanish, \"Béxar\" is pronounced.\nBexar County is the central county of the San Antonio-New Braunfels Metropolitan Statistical Area. Bexar County has become a major bellwether in presidential elections.
/m/0l14qv	A sound synthesizer is an electronic musical instrument capable of producing a wide range of sounds. Synthesizers may either imitate other instruments or generate new timbres. They can be played via a variety of different input devices. Synthesizers generate electric signals, and can finally be converted to sound through loudspeakers or headphones.\nSynthesizers use a number of different technologies or programmed algorithms to generate signal, each with their own strengths and weaknesses. Among the most popular waveform synthesis techniques are subtractive synthesis, additive synthesis, wavetable synthesis, frequency modulation synthesis, phase distortion synthesis, physical modeling synthesis and sample-based synthesis. Also other sound synthesis methods including subharmonic synthesis used on mixture trautonium, granular synthesis resulting Soundscape or Cloud, are rarely used.\nSynthesizers are often controlled with a piano-style keyboard. Other forms of controllers resemble fingerboards, guitars, violins, wind instruments, drums and percussions, etc. Synthesizers without built-in controllers are often called sound modules, and are controlled via MIDI or CV/Gate methods.
/m/034p8	Greek mythology is the body of myths and teachings that belong to the ancient Greeks, concerning their gods and heroes, the nature of the world, and the origins and significance of their own cult and ritual practices. It was a part of the religion in ancient Greece. Modern scholars refer to and study the myths in an attempt to throw light on the religious and political institutions of Ancient Greece and its civilization, and to gain understanding of the nature of myth-making itself.\nGreek mythology is explicitly embodied in a large collection of narratives, and implicitly in Greek representational arts, such as vase-paintings and votive gifts. Greek myth attempts to explain the origins of the world, and details the lives and adventures of a wide variety of gods, goddesses, heroes, heroines, and mythological creatures. These accounts initially were disseminated in an oral-poetic tradition; today the Greek myths are known primarily from Greek literature.\nThe oldest known Greek literary sources, Homer's epic poems Iliad and Odyssey, focus on the Trojan War and its aftermath. Two poems by Homer's near contemporary Hesiod, the Theogony and the Works and Days, contain accounts of the genesis of the world, the succession of divine rulers, the succession of human ages, the origin of human woes, and the origin of sacrificial practices. Myths are also preserved in the Homeric Hymns, in fragments of epic poems of the Epic Cycle, in lyric poems, in the works of the tragedians of the fifth century BC, in writings of scholars and poets of the Hellenistic Age, and in texts from the time of the Roman Empire by writers such as Plutarch and Pausanias.
/m/04b_jc	The Station Agent is a 2003 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Thomas McCarthy. McCarthy's script about a man who seeks solitude in an abandoned train station in the Newfoundland section of Rockaway Township, New Jersey and won him the Independent Spirit Award for Best First Screenplay.
/m/01m8dg	Plymouth /ˈplɪməθ/ is a town in Plymouth County, Massachusetts, United States. Plymouth holds a place of great prominence in American history, folklore and culture, and is known as \"America's Hometown.\" Plymouth was the site of the colony founded in 1620 by the Pilgrims, passengers of the famous ship the Mayflower. Plymouth is where New England was first established. It is the oldest municipality in New England and one of the oldest in the United States. The town has served as the location of several prominent events, the most notable being the First Thanksgiving feast. Plymouth served as the capital of Plymouth Colony from its founding in 1621 until the colony's merger with the Massachusetts Bay colony in 1691.\nPlymouth is the largest municipality in Massachusetts by area. The population is 56,468 according to the 2010 U.S. Census. Plymouth is one of two county seats of Plymouth County, the other being Brockton.\nPlymouth is located approximately 40 miles south of Boston in a region of Massachusetts known as the South Shore. Throughout the 19th century, the town thrived as a center of ropemaking, fishing, and shipping, and once held the world's largest ropemaking company, the Plymouth Cordage Company. While it continues to be an active port, today the major industry of Plymouth is tourism. Plymouth is served by Plymouth Municipal Airport, and contains Pilgrim Hall Museum, the oldest continually operating museum in the United States.
/m/016yzz	Sam Shepard is an American playwright, actor, and television and film director. He is the author of several books of short stories, essays, and memoirs, and received the Pulitzer Prize for Drama in 1979 for his play Buried Child. Shepard was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his portrayal of pilot Chuck Yeager in The Right Stuff. Shepard received the PEN/Laura Pels International Foundation for Theater Award as a master American dramatist in 2009.
/m/0fg6k	Luton is a large town, borough and unitary authority of Bedfordshire, England, 30 miles north of London. Luton and its near neighbours, Dunstable and Houghton Regis, form the Luton/Dunstable Urban Area with a population of about 255,000.\nLuton is home to Conference Premier team Luton Town Football Club, whose history includes several spells in the top flight of the English league as well as a Football League Cup triumph in 1988. They play at Kenilworth Road stadium, which has been their home since 1905.\nLondon Luton Airport, opened in 1938, is one of England's major airports. During the Second World War it doubled as an RAF base.\nThe University of Bedfordshire is based in the town.\nThe Luton Carnival, held on the late May bank holiday, is the largest one-day carnival in Europe.\nThe town was for many years famous for hat-making, and was also home to a large Vauxhall Motors factory; the head office of Vauxhall Motors is still situated in the town. Car production at the plant began in 1905 and continued until 2002, but commercial vehicle production remains.
/m/0q_xk	Arcadia is a city in Los Angeles County, California, United States located approximately 13 miles northeast of downtown Los Angeles in the San Gabriel Valley and at the base of the San Gabriel Mountains.\nIt is the site of the Santa Anita Park racetrack and home to the Los Angeles County Arboretum and Botanic Garden. The city had a population of 56,364 at the 2010 census, up from 53,248 at the 2000 census. The city is named after Arcadia, Greece.\nIn 2012, Arcadia was ranked 7th in the nation on CNN Money magazine's list of towns with highest median home costs.\nIn 2010, Bloomberg Businessweek named Arcadia as one of the \"Best Places to Raise Your Kids: 2010\" for the second year in a row.
/m/01jfnvd	Glenn Lewis Frey is an American musician, singer, songwriter, and actor, best known as a founding member of the Eagles. Frey formed the Eagles after he met drummer Don Henley in 1970 and the two eventually joined Linda Ronstadt's backup band for her summer tour. The Eagles formed in 1971 and released their debut album in 1972. Glenn Frey played guitar with the Eagles as well as piano and keyboards, and shared lead vocals with Don Henley. The Eagles broke up in 1980 after becoming one of the most successful bands of all time. Frey sang lead vocals on many Eagles hits such as \"Take It Easy\", \"Peaceful Easy Feeling\", \"Tequila Sunrise\", \"Already Gone\", \"Lyin' Eyes\", \"New Kid in Town\", and \"Heartache Tonight\". After the breakup of the Eagles in 1980, Frey embarked on a successful solo career. He released his debut album in 1982 and went on to record Top 40 hits \"The One You Love\", \"Smuggler's Blues\", \"Sexy Girl\", \"The Heat Is On\", and \"You Belong to the City\". As a member of the Eagles, Frey has won six Grammys, and five American Music Awards. The Eagles have sold over 120 million albums worldwide and were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1998. As a solo artist and with the Eagles combined, Frey has released 24 Top 40 singles on the Billboard Hot 100.
/m/073q1	Southeast Asia or Southeastern Asia is a subregion of Asia, consisting of the countries that are geographically south of China, east of India, west of New Guinea and north of Australia. The region lies on the intersection of geological plates, with heavy seismic and volcanic activity. Southeast Asia consists of two geographic regions:\nMainland Southeast Asia, also known as Indochina, comprising Cambodia, Laos, Myanmar, Thailand, and Vietnam;\nMaritime Southeast Asia, comprising Brunei, Malaysia, East Timor, Indonesia, Philippines, and Singapore.\nThe major religions are Buddhism, Taoism and Islam, followed by Christianity. However, a wide variety of religions are found throughout the region, including Hinduism and many animist-influenced practices.
/m/010h9y	Ogden is a city in and the county seat of Weber County, Utah, United States, approximately 10 miles east of the Great Salt Lake and 40 miles north of Salt Lake City. The population was 82,825 according to the 2010 Census. The city served as a major railway hub through much of its history, and still handles a great deal of freight rail traffic which makes it a convenient location for manufacturing and commerce. Ogden is also known for its many historic buildings, proximity to the Wasatch Mountains, and as the location of Weber State University.\nOgden is a principal city of the Ogden–Clearfield, Utah Metropolitan Statistical Area, which includes all of Weber, Morgan, and Davis counties. The 2010 Census placed the Metro population at 547,184. In 2010, Forbes rated the Ogden-Clearfield MSA as the 6th best place to raise a family. Ogden has had a Sister City relationship to Hof since 1954.
/m/0k39j	Casper is a city in and the county seat of Natrona County, Wyoming, United States. Casper is the second-largest city in Wyoming, according to the 2010 census, with a population of 55,316. Only Cheyenne, the state capital, is larger. Casper is nicknamed \"The Oil City\" and has a long history of oil boomtown and cowboy culture, dating back to development of the nearby Salt Creek Oil Field.\nCasper is located in east-central Wyoming at the foot of Casper Mountain, the north end of the Laramie Mountain Range, along the North Platte River.
/m/015rhv	Roderick Andrew Anthony Jude \"Roddy\" McDowall was an English actor, film director, photographer and voice artist. His film roles included Cornelius and Caesar in the Planet of the Apes film series. He began his long acting career as a child in How Green Was My Valley, My Friend Flicka and Lassie Come Home, and as an adult appeared most frequently as a character actor on stage and television. He served in several positions on the Board of Governors for the Academy of Motion Pictures Arts and Sciences as well as contributing to various charities related to the film industry and film preservation.
/m/02k1pr	The Poseidon Adventure is a 1972 American action-adventure disaster film, directed by Ronald Neame, produced by Irwin Allen, and based on Paul Gallico's novel of the same name. The film features an all-star cast, including five Academy Award winners: Gene Hackman, Ernest Borgnine, Jack Albertson, Shelley Winters, and Red Buttons. The cast also includes Carol Lynley, Stella Stevens, Roddy McDowall, Leslie Nielsen, and in an early screen role, Pamela Sue Martin. It won a Special Achievement Academy Award for Visual Effects and an Academy Award for Best Original Song. Shelley Winters won the Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress – Motion Picture and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her role. It also received a nomination for the Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture – Drama.\nThe plot centers on the SS Poseidon, an aged luxury liner from the golden age of travel, on her final voyage from New York City to Athens before being sent to the scrapyard. On New Year's Eve, she is overturned by a tsunami caused by an underwater earthquake. Passengers and crew are trapped inside, and a rebellious preacher attempts to lead a small group of survivors to safety.
/m/02lpp7	A gold medal is typically the highest medal awarded for highest achievement in a non-military field. Its name derives from the use of at least a fraction of gold in form of plating or alloying in its manufacture. The award concept arose in the military, initially by simple recognition of military rank, and later by decorations for admission to military orders dating back to medieval times.\nSince the eighteenth century, gold medals have been awarded in the arts, for example, by the Royal Danish Academy, usually as a symbol of an award to give an outstanding student some financial freedom. Others offer only the prestige of the award. Many organizations now award gold medals either annually or extraordinarily, including UNESCO and various academic societies.\nWhile most gold medals are solid gold, notable exceptions are gold-plated and often silver-gilt, like those of the Olympic Games, the Lorentz Medal, the United States Congressional Gold Medal and the Nobel Prize medal. Nobel Prize medals consist of 18 carat green gold plated with 24 carat gold. Before 1980 they were struck in 23 carat gold.
/m/0bkj86	A Master of Arts from the Latin Magister Artium, is a type of Master's degree awarded by universities in many countries. The M.A. is usually contrasted with the M.S. or M.Sc. degrees. Those admitted to the degree typically study English, history, geography, communication, or other of the humanities, philosophy, social sciences, fine arts or nursing, museum studies or theology. The degree can be conferred in respect of passing examinations, in respect of research, or a combination of the two.\nThe Master of Arts degree traces its origin to the teaching license, or Licentia docendi, for the University of Paris.
/m/0gd_s	Samuel Ray Delany, Jr., Chip Delany to his friends, is an American author, professor and literary critic. His work includes fiction, memoir, criticism, and essays on sexuality and society.\nHis science fiction novels include Babel-17, The Einstein Intersection, Nova, Dhalgren, and the Return to Nevèrÿon series. After winning four Nebula awards and two Hugo awards over the course of his career, Delany was inducted by the Science Fiction and Fantasy Hall of Fame in 2002. Since January 2001 he has been a professor of English and Creative Writing at Temple University in Philadelphia, where he is Director of the Graduate Creative Writing Program. In 2010 he won the third J. Lloyd Eaton Lifetime Achievement Award in Science Fiction from the academic Eaton Science Fiction Conference at UCR Libraries. The Science Fiction Writers of America named him its 30th SFWA Grand Master in 2013.
/m/011zdm	Peritonitis is an inflammation of the peritoneum, the thin tissue that lines the inner wall of the abdomen and covers most of the abdominal organs. Peritonitis may be localized or generalized, and may result from infection or from a non-infectious process.
/m/02q5xsx	Kim Manners was an American television producer, director and child actor best known for his work on The X-Files and Supernatural.
/m/0dxyzb	LASK Linz is an Austrian association football club, from the Upper-Austrian state capital Linz. It is the oldest football club hailing from that region, and currently plays in the Austrian Regional League Central, the third tier of Austrian football. The club's colours are black and white. The women's football section, LASK Ladies, currently plays in the second highest division of Austrian women's football.\nLASK Linz was founded on 7 August 1908. In 1965, the club became the first team outside of Vienna to win the Austrian football championship. This is also its only championship to date.
/m/02yw26	Extreme metal is a loosely defined umbrella term for a number of related heavy metal music subgenres that have developed since the early 1980s. The term usually refers to a more abrasive, harsher, underground, non-commercialized style or sound nearly always associated with genres like thrash metal, black metal, death metal, and doom metal.\nThough many extreme sub-styles are not very well known to mainstream music fans, as extreme metal is by definition a counterculture, extreme metal has influenced an array of musical performers inside and outside of heavy metal.
/m/06w7mlh	The Outer Limits is a US-Canadian television series that originally aired on Showtime, the Sci Fi Channel and in syndication between 1995 and 2002. The series is a revival of the original The Outer Limits series that aired in the 1960s.\nDistinct from The Twilight Zone in that the stories were science fiction based only, and not fantasy/science fiction as was the case with The Twilight Zone, The Outer Limits is an anthology of distinct story episodes, sometimes with a plot twist at the end. Unlike the original incarnation of the series, which was a pure anthology with each episode completely unrelated to the others, the revival series maintained an anthology format, but occasionally featured recurring story elements that were often tied together during season-finale clip shows. Over the course of the series, 154 episodes were aired. Currently, the Chiller network airs two episodes daily starting at 6 a.m. U.S. Eastern time and also airs multiple episode blocks on an infrequent basis. 152 Episodes of the series were available on demand online through hulu until 1/1/2014, when it was removed at the start of the new year.
/m/01_xtx	Bradley Charles Cooper is an American actor who first gained recognition in the television shows Alias and Jack & Bobby. He later appeared in a supporting role in Wedding Crashers, Yes Man, and He's Just Not That Into You. He achieved fame with his roles in The Hangover trilogy, The A-Team, Limitless, Silver Linings Playbook, The Place Beyond the Pines, and American Hustle. His work in David O. Russell's films Silver Linings Playbook and American Hustle earned him Academy Award nominations for Best Actor and Best Supporting Actor respectively. In 2011, People magazine named him the \"Sexiest Man Alive\".
/m/025vry	Erich Wolfgang Korngold was an American composer of Austro-Hungarian birth. While his late Romantic compositional style was considered well out of vogue at the time he died, his music has more recently undergone a reevaluation and a gradual reawakening of interest. Along with such composers as Max Steiner and Alfred Newman, he is considered one of the founders of film music. Korngold's 1938 Academy Award for his score to The Adventures of Robin Hood marked the first time an Oscar was awarded to the composer rather than the head of the studio music department.
/m/06rmdr	The Adventures of Ford Fairlane is a 1990 American action/comedy film directed by Renny Harlin. It stars comedian Andrew Dice Clay as the title character, Ford Fairlane, a \"Rock n' Roll Detective,\" whose beat is the music industry in Los Angeles.\nThe movie's main character was created by writer Rex Weiner in a series of stories that were published as weekly serials 1979–80 by the New York Rocker and the LA Weekly. The stories have since been published as an e-Book.
/m/0224z4	International development or global development is a wide concept concerning level of development on international scale. It is basis for international classifications such as developed country, developing country and least developed country. There are however many schools of thought and conventions regarding, which are the exact features constituting development of a country.\nIt is often used in a holistic and multi-disciplinary context of human development — the development of greater quality of life for humans. It therefore encompasses foreign aid, governance, healthcare, education, poverty reduction, gender equality, disaster preparedness, infrastructure, economics, human rights, environment and issues associated with these. International development is different from simple development in that it is specifically composed of institutions and policies that arose after the Second World War. These institutions focus on alleviating poverty and improving living conditions in previously colonised countries.\nInternational development is related to the concept of international aid, but is distinct from, disaster relief and humanitarian aid. While these two forms of international support seek to alleviate some of the problems associated with a lack of development, they are most often short term fixes — they are not necessarily long-term solutions. International development, on the other hand, seeks to implement long-term solutions to problems by helping developing countries create the necessary capacity needed to provide such sustainable solutions to their problems. A truly sustainable development project is one which will be able to carry on indefinitely with no further international involvement or support, whether it be financial or otherwise.
/m/0kc8y	Discovery Channel is an American basic cable and satellite television channel that is the flagship television property of Discovery Communications, a publicly traded company run by CEO David Zaslav. As of June 2012, Discovery Channel is the second most widely distributed cable channel in the United States, behind TBS; it is available in 409 million households worldwide, through its U.S. flagship channel and its various owned or licensed television channels internationally.\nIt initially provided documentary television programming focused primarily on popular science, technology and history, but in recent years has expanded into reality television and pseudo-scientific entertainment. Programming on the flagship Discovery Channel in the U.S. is primarily focused on reality television series, such as speculative investigation, automobiles, and occupations; it also features documentaries specifically aimed at families and younger audiences.
/m/03gbty	The Rochester Rhinos are an American professional soccer team based in Rochester, New York, United States. Founded in 1996, the team plays in the USL Professional Division, the third tier of the American Soccer Pyramid, having self-relegated from the USSF D2 Pro League at the end of the 2010 season.\nThe team plays its home games at Sahlen's Stadium, formerly known as PAETEC Park, where they have played since 2006. The team's colors are black, white and green. The team is coached by veteran head coach Bob Lilley.\nThe club has been known at times as the Rochester Raging Rhinos.
/m/0fc9js	The Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Variety Series is a category in the Primetime Emmy Awards. It is awarded annually to the best variety show or similarly formatted program of the year. The award has sometimes been known by other names, such as \"Outstanding Comedy-Variety or Music Program\" and \"Outstanding Variety, Music or Comedy Series\".\nFrom 1979 to 1988, all of the award winners were single programs, although series were nominated for the award in some of those years. Since 1994, all of the winners in this category have been late-night talk shows.\nThe Daily Show with Jon Stewart won the award for ten years consecutively, the longest winning streak for a television show in Emmy history.
/m/0fx2s	Tragedy is a form of drama based on human suffering that invokes in its audience an accompanying catharsis or pleasure in the viewing. While many cultures have developed forms that provoke this paradoxical response, the term tragedy often refers to a specific tradition of drama that has played a unique and important role historically in the self-definition of Western civilization. That tradition has been multiple and discontinuous, yet the term has often been used to invoke a powerful effect of cultural identity and historical continuity—\"the Greeks and the Elizabethans, in one cultural form; Hellenes and Christians, in a common activity,\" as Raymond Williams puts it.\nFrom its obscure origins in the theatre of ancient Greece 2500 years ago, from which there survives only a fraction of the work of Aeschylus, Sophocles and Euripides, through its singular articulations in the works of Shakespeare, Lope de Vega, Racine, and Schiller, to the more recent naturalistic tragedy of Strindberg, Beckett's modernist meditations on death, loss and suffering, and Müller's postmodernist reworkings of the tragic canon, tragedy has remained an important site of cultural experimentation, negotiation, struggle, and change. A long line of philosophers—which includes Plato, Aristotle, Saint Augustine, Voltaire, Hume, Diderot, Hegel, Schopenhauer, Kierkegaard, Nietzsche, Freud, Benjamin, Camus, Lacan, and Deleuze—have analysed, speculated upon, and criticised the tragic form.
/m/0sg4x	Moline is a city located in Rock Island County, Illinois, United States, with a population of 43,977 in 2010. Moline is one of the Quad Cities, along with neighboring East Moline and Rock Island in Illinois and the cities of Davenport and Bettendorf in Iowa. The Quad Cities has a population estimate of 381,342. The city is the ninth-most populated city in Illinois outside of the Chicago Metropolitan Area. The corporate headquarters of Deere & Company is located in Moline, as is the headquarters of Kone in the United States, Quad City International Airport, Niabi Zoo, Black Hawk College, and the Quad Cities campus of Western Illinois University-Quad Cities. Moline is a retail hub for the Illinois Quad Cities, as Southpark Mall and numerous big-box shopping plazas are located in the city.\nIn the mid-1990s, the city undertook major efforts to revitalize its central business district, which had declined after suburban growth and retail changes after the 1950s and 1960s. Today, Moline's downtown again serves as one of the civic and recreational hubs of the Quad Cities; many events take place at the 12,000-seat i wireless Center and at John Deere Commons. Downtown Moline features hotels such as Radisson and Stoney Creek Inn, and commercial areas such as Bass Street Landing and the historic 5th Avenue.
/m/05byxm	J Records was an American record label owned and operated by Sony Music Entertainment, and was distributed through the RCA Music Group. The label was founded in 2000 and was dissolved into RCA Records in 2011.
/m/0f_j1	Free improvisation or free music is improvised music without any rules beyond the logic or inclination of the musician involved. The term can refer to both a technique and as a recognizable genre in its own right.\nFree improvisation, as a genre of music, developed in the U.S. and Europe in the mid to late 1960s, largely as an outgrowth of free jazz and modern classical musics. None of its primary exponents can be said to be famous amongst the general public; however, in experimental circles, a number of free musicians are well known, including saxophonists Evan Parker, Anthony Braxton, Peter Brötzmann and John Zorn, trombonist George Lewis, guitarists Derek Bailey and Fred Frith and the improvising groups The Art Ensemble of Chicago and AMM.
/m/0ymgk	Worcester College is one of the constituent colleges of the University of Oxford in England. The college was founded in 1714 by the benefaction of Sir Thomas Cookes, a Worcestershire baronet, with the college gaining its name from the county of Worcestershire. Its predecessor, Gloucester College, had been an institution of learning on the same site since the late 13th century until the Dissolution of the Monasteries in 1539.\nAs of July 2010, Worcester had a financial endowment of £16.7 million.\nNotable alumni of the college include the media mogul Rupert Murdoch, television producer and screenwriter Russell T Davies and novelist Richard Adams.
/m/0gvvm6l	Amour is a 2012 French-language drama film written and directed by the Austrian filmmaker Michael Haneke, starring Jean-Louis Trintignant, Emmanuelle Riva and Isabelle Huppert. The narrative focuses on an elderly couple, Anne and Georges, who are retired music teachers with a daughter who lives abroad. Anne suffers a stroke which paralyses her on one side of her body. The film is a co-production between the French, German, and Austrian companies Les Films du Losange, X-Filme Creative Pool, and Wega Film.\nThe film was screened at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival, where it won the Palme d'Or. It won the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film at the 85th Academy Awards, and was nominated in four other categories: Best Picture, Best Actress in a Leading Role, Best Original Screenplay and Best Director. At the age of 85, Emmanuelle Riva is the oldest nominee for the Best Actress in a Leading Role.\nAt the 25th European Film Awards, it was nominated in six categories, winning in four, including Best Film and Best Director. At the 47th National Society of Film Critics Awards it won the awards for Best Film, Best Director and Best Actress. At the 66th British Academy Film Awards it was nominated in four categories, winning for Best Leading Actress and Best Film Not in the English Language. Emmanuelle Riva became the oldest person to win a BAFTA. At the 38th César Awards it was nominated in ten categories, winning in five, including Best Film, Best Director, Best Actor and Best Actress.
/m/02xy5	The First Lady of the United States is the hostess of the White House, advisor to the President, and often plays a role in social activism. The position is traditionally held by the wife of the President of the United States, concurrent with his term of office. If the President is not married, or if the President's wife is unable to act as First Lady, then the President asks a female relative or friend to fill the role. The current First Lady is Michelle Obama who, as a result of the re-election of Barack Obama on November 6, 2012, is scheduled to serve until January 20, 2017.
/m/09r1j5	Alou Diarra is a French international footballer who currently plays for West Ham United in the Premier League.\nHe primarily plays as a defensive midfielder, but can also deputise as a centre-back if necessary. Diarra is described as a player who is \"strong, athletic and very powerful\" and possesses a \"combative edge\" similar to former French international Patrick Vieira. Diarra is also known for his leadership ability and has served as captain of both Bordeaux domestically and France internationally.\nDiarra began his career playing for clubs based in Seine-Saint-Denis, such as CSL Aulnay and hometown club FC Villepinte. In 1997, he joined Louhans-Cuiseaux and made his professional debut with the club in the 1999–2000 season while the club was playing in the second division. In 2000, Diarra was recruited by German club Bayern Munich. He spent two years playing on the club's reserve team, Bayern Munich II. In 2002, he was signed by compatriot Gérard Houllier as part of the manager's French Revolution to play for English club Liverpool. Diarra's stint at the club was deemed a disappointment as he spent both years at the club on loan in France playing for Le Havre, Bastia, and Lens.
/m/08xpv_	The Pittsburgh metropolitan area is the largest population center in both the Ohio River Valley and Appalachia. The metropolitan area consists of the city of Pittsburgh in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and surrounding counties. By many definitions the area extends into the U.S. states of West Virginia and Ohio. The larger \"tri-state\" region is defined by the U.S. Census as the Combined Statistical Area while definitions of the Metropolitan Statistical Area are within Pennsylvania.\nThe area is renowned for its industries including steel, glass and oil; its economy also thrives on healthcare, education, technology, robotics, financial services and the film industry. The region is an emergent area for oil and natural gas companies' Marcellus shale production. The city is headquarters to major global financial institutions including PNC Financial Services, Federated Investors and the regional headquarters of BNY Mellon. The region is also the 21st largest port in the United States with almost 34 million short tons of river cargo for 2011, the port ranked 9th largest in the U.S. when measured in domestic trade.
/m/02bhj4	Saint Joseph's University is a private, coeducational Roman Catholic Jesuit university located at the intersection of the Wynnefield neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States of America, and the Lower Merion Township on the historic Pennsylvania Main Line. The University was founded in 1851 as Saint Joseph's College by the Society of Jesus, also know as the Jesuits. Saint Joseph's is the seventh oldest Jesuit universities in the United States. Saint Joseph's University is one of 28 member institutions of the Association of Jesuit Colleges and Universities.\nSaint Joseph's University educates over 8,500 undergraduate, graduate, and doctoral students each year through the Erivan K. Haub School of Business, the College of Arts and Sciences, and College of Professional & Liberal Studies. The University offers over 60 undergraduate majors, 53 graduate study areas, 28 study-abroad programs, 12 special-study options, a Co-op program, a joint degree program with Thomas Jefferson University and an Ed.D. in Educational Leadership. It has 17 centers and institutes, including the prestigious Kinney Center for Autism and the Pedro Arrupe Center for Business Ethics.
/m/04mlh8	Jeffrey Glen \"Jeff\" Bennett is an American voice actor. He has been listed \"among the top names in the voice-over field\".
/m/01zlx	Chiapas, officially Free and Sovereign State of Chiapas, is one of the 31 states that, with the Federal District, make up the 32 Federal Entities of Mexico. It is divided into 118 municipalities and its capital city is Tuxtla Gutiérrez. Other important population centers in Chiapas include San Cristóbal de las Casas, Comitán, and Tapachula. Located in Southeastern Mexico, it is the southernmost State of Mexico. It is bordered by the states of Tabasco to the north, Veracruz to the northwest and Oaxaca to the west. To the east Chiapas borders Guatemala, and to the south the Pacific Ocean.\nIn general, Chiapas has a humid, tropical climate. In the north, in the area bordering Tabasco, near Teapa, rainfall can average more than 3,000 mm per year. In the past, natural vegetation at this region was lowland, tall perennial rainforest, but this vegetation has been destroyed almost completely to give way to agriculture and ranching. Rainfall decreases moving towards the Pacific Ocean, but it is still abundant enough to allow the farming of bananas and many other tropical crops near Tapachula. On the several parallel \"sierras\" or mountain ranges running along the center of Chiapas, climate can be quite temperate and foggy, allowing the development of cloud forests like those of the Reserva de la Biosfera el Triunfo, home to a handful of Resplendent Quetzals and Horned Guans.
/m/0myn8	Trumbull County is a county located in the state of Ohio, United States. According to the 2010 census, it has a population of 210,312, which is a decrease of 6.6% from 225,116 in 2000. It is part of the Youngstown-Warren-Boardman, OH-PA Metropolitan Area. Its county seat is Warren. The county is named for Jonathan Trumbull, Governor of Connecticut, who once owned the land in this region.\nOriginally Trumbull County consisted of the entire area of the Connecticut Western Reserve before being divided into smaller counties.
/m/0cf8qb	The Sum of All Fears is a 2002 American action political thriller film directed by Phil Alden Robinson, based on Tom Clancy's novel of the same name. This fourth film in the Jack Ryan film series is a reboot set in 2002, with Ryan portrayed as younger than in the 1990 film The Hunt for Red October starring Alec Baldwin, and in that film's sequels, Patriot Games and Clear and Present Danger, both of which starred Harrison Ford.\nThe film was a co-production between the motion picture studios of Paramount Pictures, Mace Neufeld Productions, MFP Munich Film Partners, and S.O.A.F. Productions. On June 4, 2002, the original motion picture soundtrack was released by the Elektra Records music label. The soundtrack was composed and orchestrated by musician Jerry Goldsmith.\nThe film premiered in theaters in the United States on May 31, 2002 grossing $118,907,036 in box office revenue. Its worldwide theatrical run ended with a total of $193,921,372 in business. Considering its production budget of $68 million and related marketing costs, the film was considered a major financial success. It presently holds a 59% score on Rotten Tomatoes, with generally mixed critical reviews.
/m/015dcj	Rock Hudson was an American actor. Although he was widely known as a leading man in the 1950s and 1960s, often starring in romantic comedies opposite Doris Day, Hudson is also recognized for dramatic roles in films such as Giant and Magnificent Obsession. In later years, he found success in television, starring in the popular mystery series McMillan & Wife and the soap opera Dynasty.\nHudson was voted Star of the Year, Favorite Leading Man, and similar titles by numerous film magazines. The 6 ft 5 in tall actor was one of the most popular and well-known movie stars of his time. He completed nearly 70 films and starred in several television productions during a career that spanned over four decades. Hudson, secretly gay, died in 1985, becoming the first major celebrity to die from an AIDS-related illness.
/m/0f0kz	Sir Christopher Frank Carandini Lee, CBE, CStJ, is an English actor and singer. Lee initially portrayed villains and became best known for his role as Count Dracula in a string of popular Hammer Horror films. His other notable roles include Francisco Scaramanga in the James Bond film The Man with the Golden Gun, Saruman in The Lord of the Rings film trilogy and The Hobbit film trilogy, and Count Dooku in the final two films of the Star Wars prequel trilogy. He also portrayed Wilbur Wonka, father of Willy Wonka, in the 2005 film, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory.\nHe was knighted for services to drama and charity in 2009, received the BAFTA Fellowship in 2011 and received the BFI Fellowship in 2013. Lee considers his best performance to be that of Pakistan's founder Muhammad Ali Jinnah in the biopic Jinnah, and his best film to be the British horror film The Wicker Man.\nAlways noted as an actor for his deep, strong voice, he has, more recently, also been known for using his singing ability, recording various opera and musical pieces between 1986 and 1998 and the symphonic metal album Charlemagne: By the Sword and the Cross in 2010 after having worked with several metal bands since 2005. The heavy metal follow-up titled Charlemagne: The Omens of Death was released on 27 May 2013. He was honoured with the \"Spirit of Metal\" award in the 2010 Metal Hammer Golden God awards ceremony.
/m/0n95v	Chiswick is a district of west London, England, and part of the London Borough of Hounslow. It contains Hogarth's House, the former residence of the 18th century English artist William Hogarth; Chiswick House, a neo-Palladian villa regarded as one of the finest in England; and Fuller's Brewery, London's largest and oldest brewery. It occupies a meander of the River Thames which is heavily used for competitive and recreational rowing, and Chiswick itself is home to several clubs. The finishing post for the Boat Race is just downstream of Chiswick Bridge.\nThe area was historically an ancient parish in the county of Middlesex, with an agrarian and fishing economy. Having good communications with London from an early time Chiswick became a popular country retreat, and as part of the suburban growth of London in the late 19th and early 20th centuries the population significantly expanded. It became the Municipal Borough of Brentford and Chiswick in 1932 and has formed part of Greater London since 1965.\nChiswick has a number of named sublocalities: Grove Park, Strand-on-the-Green and those with named tube stations Turnham Green, Bedford Park and Gunnersbury all within its three full-sized wards of the United Kingdom, except that much of Bedford Park is since 1965 in the London Borough of Ealing.
/m/01mh_q	The 39th Annual Grammy Awards were held on February 26, 1997 at Madison Square Garden, New York City. They recognized accomplishments by musicians from the previous year. Celine Dion won two awards both for \"Best Pop Album\" and \"Album of the Year\".
/m/07z2lx	The Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Miniseries represents excellence in the category of miniseries that are considered either six hours or more, or more than two parts.\nWhat has been unique about this award in recent years is that there almost always has been at least one nominee that is a British miniseries originating from Great Britain. For example, the 2005 winner was The Lost Prince, which happened to be that year's British entry. The 2006 winner, Elizabeth I, was also a British miniseries, although it was a co-production with American television network HBO. Likewise, the 2009 winner, Little Dorrit, was a co-production of British and American companies.\nIn 2011, due to a limited amount of numbers of miniseries in recent years, the academy merged this and the made for television movie category together by calling it the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Miniseries or Movie. In 2014, the decision was reversed, and the separate Miniseries and Television Movie categories were reinstated.
/m/028n3	Devon is a county of England, reaching from the Bristol Channel in the north to the English Channel in the south. It is part of South West England, bounded by Cornwall to the west, Somerset to the northeast, and Dorset to the east. The City of Exeter is the county town; seven other districts of East Devon, Mid Devon, North Devon, South Hams, Teignbridge, Torridge, and West Devon are under the jurisdiction of Devon County Council; Plymouth and Torbay are each a part of Devon but administered as unitary authorities. Combined as a ceremonial county, Devon's area is 6,707 km², and its population is about 1.1 million.\nDevon derives its name from Dumnonia, which, during the British Iron Age and Roman Britain, was the homeland of the Dumnonii Celts. The Anglo-Saxon settlement of Britain resulted in the partial assimilation of Dumnonia into the Kingdom of Wessex during the eighth and ninth centuries. The western boundary with Cornwall was set at the River Tamar by King Æthelstan in 936. Devon was constituted as a shire of the Kingdom of England thereafter.\nGeographically, Devon is the only county of England to have non-continuous stretches of coastline to both the north and south. Both coastlines include both cliffs and sandy shores; Devon's bays contain seaside resorts, fishing towns, and ports. The county's inland terrain is rural, generally hilly, and has a low population density in comparison to many other parts of England. Dartmoor, the largest open space in southern England at 954 km², is covered with wide moorland and underlying granite geology; to its north are the Culm measures and Exmoor. In the valleys and lowlands of south and east Devon the soil is more fertile, traversed by rivers such as the Exe, the Culm, the Dart, and the Otter.
/m/011k11	Decca Records began as a British record label established in 1929 by Edward Lewis. Its U.S. label was established in late 1934 by Lewis along with American Decca's first president Jack Kapp and later American Decca president Milton Rackmil; however, owing to World War II, the link with the British company was broken for several decades.\nThe British label was renowned for its development of recording methods, while the American company developed the concept of cast albums in the musical genre. Both wings are now part of the Universal Music Group which is owned by Vivendi, a media conglomerate headquartered in France. The American Decca label was the foundation label, which evolved into UMG.
/m/02vxn	A film, also called a movie or motion picture, is a series of still images which, when shown on a screen, creates the illusion of moving images due to phi phenomenon. A film is created by photographing actual scenes with a motion picture camera; by photographing drawings or miniature models using traditional animation techniques; by means of CGI and computer animation; or by a combination of some or all of these techniques and other visual effects. Contemporary definition of cinema is the art of simulating experiences, that communicate ideas, stories, perceptions, feelings, beauty or atmosphere by the means of recorded or programmed moving images along with other sensory stimulations.\nThe process of filmmaking is both an art and an industry. Films were originally recorded onto plastic film which was shown through a movie projector onto a large screen; more modern techniques may use wholly digital filming and storage, such as the Red One camera which records onto hard-disk or flash cards.\nFilms usually include an optical soundtrack, which is a graphic recording of the spoken words, music and other sounds that are to accompany the images. It runs along a portion of the film exclusively reserved for it and is not projected.
/m/0kft	Akira Kurosawa was a Japanese film director, screenwriter, producer, and editor. Regarded as one of the most important and influential filmmakers in the history of cinema, Kurosawa directed 30 films in a career spanning 57 years.\nKurosawa entered the Japanese film industry in 1936, following a brief stint as a painter. After years of working on numerous films as an assistant director and scriptwriter, he made his debut as a director in 1943, during World War II, with the popular action film Sanshiro Sugata. After the war, the critically acclaimed Drunken Angel, in which Kurosawa cast then-unknown actor Toshiro Mifune in a starring role, cemented the director's reputation as one of the most important young filmmakers in Japan. The two men would go on to collaborate on another 15 films. His wife Yōko Yaguchi was also an actress in one of his films.\nRashomon, which premiered in Tokyo in August 1950, and which also starred Mifune, became, on September 10, 1951, the surprise winner of the Golden Lion at the Venice Film Festival and was subsequently released in Europe and North America. The commercial and critical success of this film opened up Western film markets for the first time to the products of the Japanese film industry, which in turn led to international recognition for other Japanese filmmakers. Throughout the 1950s and early 1960s, Kurosawa directed approximately a film a year, including a number of highly regarded films such as Ikiru, Seven Samurai and Yojimbo. After the mid-1960s, he became much less prolific, but his later work—including his final two epics, Kagemusha and Ran —continued to win awards, including the Palme d'Or for Kagemusha, though more often abroad than in Japan.
/m/036jb	Eugene Curran \"Gene\" Kelly was an American dancer, actor, singer, film director, producer, and choreographer. Kelly was known for his energetic and athletic dancing style, his good looks and the likeable characters that he played on screen.\nAlthough he is known today for his performances in An American in Paris and Singin' in the Rain, he was a dominant force in Hollywood musical films from the mid-1940s until this art form fell out of fashion in the late 1950s. His many innovations transformed the Hollywood musical film, and he is credited with almost single-handedly making the ballet form commercially acceptable to film audiences.\nKelly was the recipient of an Academy Honorary Award in 1952 for his career achievements. He later received lifetime achievement awards in the Kennedy Center Honors, and from the Screen Actors Guild and American Film Institute; in 1999, the American Film Institute also numbered him 15th in their Greatest Male Stars of All Time list.
/m/0vm5t	Southfield is a city in Oakland County of the US state of Michigan. It is a suburb of Detroit. As of the 2010 census, the city had a population of 71,739. Southfield Township is adjacent to the city on the north side. A part of Metro Detroit's upscale office market, the city's marque is a cluster of five golden skyscrapers – known as the \"Golden Triangle\" – that form the contemporary 2,200,000 square feet Southfield Town Center office complex with a Westin Hotel and a conference center. In addition, a 33-story luxury residential high-rise is separate from the complex. Southfield has other skyscrapers too. To the west, near the confluence of I-696/Reuther Freeway and M-10/Lodge Freeway, is the American Center.
/m/035v3	Greenland is an autonomous country within the Kingdom of Denmark, located between the Arctic and Atlantic Oceans, east of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago. Though physiographically a part of the continent of North America, Greenland has been politically and culturally associated with Europe for more than a millennium. In 2008, the people of Greenland passed a referendum supporting greater autonomy; 75% of votes cast were in favour. Greenland is, in terms of area, the world's largest island, over three-quarters of which is covered by the only contemporary ice sheet outside of Antarctica. With a population of 56,370, it is the least densely populated country in the world.\nGreenland has been inhabited off and on for at least the last 4,500 years by Arctic peoples whose forebears migrated there from Canada. Norsemen settled on the uninhabited southern part of Greenland beginning in the 10th century. Inuit peoples arrived in the 13th century. The Norse colonies disappeared in the late 15th century. In the early 18th century, Scandinavia and Greenland came back into contact with each other, and Denmark established sovereignty over the island.
/m/047p7fr	I Love You Phillip Morris is a 2009 American-French romantic comedy-drama film based on the 1980s and '90s real-life story of con artist, impostor, and multiple prison escapee Steven Jay Russell, as played by Jim Carrey. While incarcerated, Russell falls in love with his fellow inmate, Phillip Morris. After Morris is released from prison, Russell escapes from prison four times in order to be reunited with Morris. The film was adapted from I Love You Phillip Morris: A True Story of Life, Love, and Prison Breaks by Steve McVicker. The film is the directorial debut of Glenn Ficarra and John Requa. It grossed a little over $20 million worldwide after its limited theatrical release.
/m/02j9z	Europe is, by convention, one of the world's seven continents. Comprising the westernmost peninsula of Eurasia, Europe is generally divided from Asia by the watershed divides of the Ural and Caucasus Mountains, the Ural River, the Caspian and Black Seas, and the waterways connecting the Black and Aegean Seas.\nEurope is bordered by the Arctic Ocean to the north, the Atlantic Ocean to the west, the Mediterranean Sea to the south, and the Black Sea and connected waterways to the southeast. Yet the borders of Europe—a concept dating back to classical antiquity—are somewhat arbitrary, as the primarily physiographic term \"continent\" can incorporate cultural and political elements.\nEurope is the world's second-smallest continent by surface area, covering about 10,180,000 square kilometres or 2% of the Earth's surface and about 6.8% of its land area. Of Europe's approximately 50 countries, Russia is by far the largest by both area and population, taking up 40% of the continent, while Vatican City is the smallest. Europe is the third-most populous continent after Asia and Africa, with a population of 733-739 million or about 11% of the world's population. The most commonly used currency is the euro.
/m/036jv	Gangsta rap is a subgenre of hip hop music that evolved from hardcore hip hop. The genre was pioneered in the mid-1980s by rappers such as Schoolly D and Ice-T, and was popularized in the later part of the 1980s by groups like N.W.A. After the national attention that Ice-T and N.W.A attracted in the late 1980s and early 1990s, gangsta rap became the most commercially lucrative subgenre of hip hop. Some gangsta rappers have been associated, or allegedly have ties with the Bloods or Crips gangs.\nThe subject matter inherent in gangsta rap has caused a great deal of controversy. Criticism has come from both left wing and right wing commentators, as well as religious leaders, who have accused the genre of promoting crime, serial killing, violence, profanity, sex addiction, homophobia, racism, promiscuity, misogyny, rape, street gangs, drive-by shootings, vandalism, thievery, drug dealing, alcohol abuse, substance abuse, disregarding law enforcement, materialism, and narcissism. The White House administrations of both George Bush senior and Bill Clinton criticized the genre. \"Many black rappers--including Ice-T and Sister Souljah--contend that they are being unfairly singled out because their music reflects deep changes in society not being addressed anywhere else in the public forum. The white politicians, the artists complain, neither understand the music nor desire to hear what's going on in the devastated communities that gave birth to the art form,\" wrote journalist Chuck Philips in a review of the battle between the Establishment and defenders of rap music. \"The reason why rap is under attack is because it exposes all the contradictions of American culture ...What started out as an underground art form has become a vehicle to expose a lot of critical issues that are not usually discussed in American politics. The problem here is that the White House and wanna-bes like Bill Clinton represent a political system that never intends to deal with inner city urban chaos,\" Sister Souljah told Philips.
/m/0hnkp	Lionel Barrymore was an American actor of stage, screen and radio as well as a film director. He won an Academy Award for Best Actor for his performance in A Free Soul, and remains perhaps best known for the role of the villainous Mr. Potter character in Frank Capra's 1946 film It's a Wonderful Life. He was a member of the theatrical Barrymore family.
/m/04ynx7	The Missing is a 2003 American Revisionist Western thriller film directed by Ron Howard, based on Thomas Eidson's 1996 novel The Last Ride. The film is set in 1885 New Mexico Territory is notable for the authentic use of the Apache language by various actors, some of whom spent long hours studying it. The film was produced by Revolution Studios and Imagine Entertainment and distributed by Columbia Pictures.
/m/0rqyx	Clearwater is a city located in Pinellas County, Florida, United States, nearly due west of Tampa and northwest of St. Petersburg. To the west of Clearwater lies the Gulf of Mexico and to the east lies Tampa Bay. As of the 2010 census, the city had a population of 107,685. It is the county seat of Pinellas County. Clearwater is the smallest of the three principal cities in the Tampa-St. Petersburg-Clearwater metropolitan area, most commonly referred to as the Tampa Bay Area. According to the Guinness Book of World Records Clearwater holds the record for most days of sunshine with 361 days.\nThe city is an active center for Scientologists. Cleveland Street is one of the city's historic avenues and the city includes Bright House Field and Coachman Park. The city is separated by the Intracoastal Waterway from Clearwater Beach.
/m/04wzr	March is the third month of the year in both the Julian and Gregorian calendars. It is one of seven months that are 31 days long. In the Northern Hemisphere, the meteorological beginning of spring occurs on the first day of March. The March equinox on the 20th or 21st marks the astronomical beginning of spring in the Northern Hemisphere and the beginning of autumn in the Southern Hemisphere, where September is the seasonal equivalent of the Northern Hemisphere's March.\nMarch starts on the same day of the week as November every year, and February in common years only. March ends on the same day of the week as June every year. In leap years, March starts on the same day as September and December of the previous year. In common years, March starts on the same day as June of the previous year. In leap years, March ends on the same day of the week as April and December of the previous year. In common years, March ends on the same day of the week as September of the previous year. In years immediately before leap years, March starts on the same day of the week as May of the following year. In years immediately before common years, March starts on the same day of the week as August of the previous year. In years immediately before leap years, March ends on the same day of the week as May of the following year. In years immediately before common years, March ends on the same day of the week as August and November of the following year.
/m/06k176	Rome is a British-American-Italian historical drama television series created by Bruno Heller, John Milius and William J. MacDonald. The show's two seasons premiered in 2005 and 2007, and were later released on DVD and Blu-ray. Rome is set in the 1st century BC, during Ancient Rome's transition from Republic to Empire. The series begins with Julius Caesar's conquest of Gaul, and the first season concludes with the assassination of Caesar followed by the rise of the first Emperor Augustus, also known as Gaius Octavian.\nThe series features a sprawling ensemble cast of characters, many of whom are based on real figures from historical records, but the lead protagonists are ultimately two soldiers, Lucius Vorenus and Titus Pullo, who find their lives intertwined with key historical events. Rome was a ratings success for HBO and the BBC. The series received much media attention from the start, and was honored with numerous awards and nominations in its two-season run. Co-creator Heller stated in December 2008 that a Rome movie was in development, but as of the end of 2013 no further production had been initiated. The series was filmed in various locations, but most notably in the Cinecittà studios in Italy.
/m/0czr9_	New Hampshire's 1st congressional district covers the southeastern part of New Hampshire. The district consists of three general areas: Greater Manchester, the Seacoast and the Lakes Region.\nIt is represented in the United States House of Representatives by Democrat Carol Shea-Porter.\nPolitically, the 1st district may be the most competitive congressional district in the country. It has a Cook Partisan Voting Index of EVEN, indicating that it generally votes in line with the country as a whole. Of the nine districts nationwide with a CPVI of EVEN, this is the only district that has ousted three incumbents in the past ten years, and is also the only district of the nine where no candidate has won more than 54% of the vote since 2004.
/m/08w4pm	The Kinks were an English rock band formed in Muswell Hill, North London, by brothers Ray and Dave Davies in 1964. The Kinks, who rose to fame during the mid-1960s and were part of the British Invasion of the US, are recognised as one of the most important and influential rock groups of the era.\nTheir music was influenced by a wide range of genres, including rhythm and blues, British music hall, folk and country. Ray Davies and Dave Davies remained members throughout the group's 32-year run. Longest serving member Mick Avory was replaced by Bob Henrit formerly of Argent in 1984. Original bassist Pete Quaife was replaced by John Dalton in 1969 and Dalton was in turn replaced by Jim Rodford in 1978. Keyboardist Nicky Hopkins accompanied the band during studio sessions in the mid-1960s. In 1969 keyboardist John Gosling joined the band, making them an official five-piece, while Ian Gibbons replaced him in 1979, playing in the band until its eventual demise.\nThe Kinks first came to prominence in 1964 with their third single, \"You Really Got Me\", written by Ray Davies. It became an international hit, topping the charts in the United Kingdom and reaching the Top 10 in the United States. Between the mid-1960s and early 1970s, the group released a string of singles and LPs most of which were critically successful but commercial failures, and gained a reputation for songs and concept albums reflecting English culture and lifestyle, fuelled by Ray Davies' observational writing style. Albums such as Face to Face, Something Else, The Kinks Are the Village Green Preservation Society, Arthur, Lola Versus Powerman and the Moneygoround and Muswell Hillbillies, along with their accompanying singles, are considered among the most influential recordings of the period.
/m/09swkk	Gustavo Alfredo Santaolalla is an Argentine musician, film composer and producer. He has won two Academy Awards for Best Original Score in two consecutive years, for Brokeback Mountain in 2005, and Babel in 2006. Most recently, he composed the music for the video game The Last of Us.
/m/033fqh	Meet the Parents is a 2000 American comedy film written by Jim Herzfeld and John Hamburg and directed by Jay Roach. Starring Robert De Niro and Ben Stiller, the film chronicles a series of unfortunate events that befall a good-hearted but hapless male nurse while visiting his girlfriend's parents. Teri Polo, Blythe Danner, and Owen Wilson also star.\nMeet the Parents is a remake of a 1992 film of the same name directed by Greg Glienna and produced by Jim Vincent. Glienna—who also played the original film's main protagonist—and Mary Ruth Clarke co-wrote the screenplay. Universal Studios purchased the rights to Glienna's film with the intent of creating a new version. Jim Herzfeld expanded the original script but development was halted for some time. Jay Roach read the expanded script and expressed his desire to direct the film but Universal declined him. At that time, Steven Spielberg was interested in directing the film while Jim Carrey was interested in playing the lead role. The studio only offered the film to Roach once Spielberg and Carrey left the project.\nReleased in the United States and Canada on October 6, 2000 and distributed by Universal Studios, the film earned back its initial budget of $55 million in only eleven days. It went on to become one of the highest grossing films of 2000, earning over $160 million in North America and over $330 million worldwide. Meet the Parents was well received by film critics and viewers alike, winning several awards and earning additional nominations. Ben Stiller won two comedy awards for his performance and the film was chosen as the Favorite Comedy Motion Picture at the 2001 People's Choice Awards. The success of Meet the Parents inspired two film sequels, namely Meet the Fockers and Little Fockers released in 2004 and 2010 respectively. Meet the Parents also inspired a reality television show titled Meet My Folks and a situation comedy titled In-Laws, both of them debuting on NBC in 2002.
/m/03hhd3	Ronald N. \"Ron\" Perlman is an American television, film and voice actor. He is best known for his roles as Vincent in the television series Beauty and the Beast, as the comic book character Hellboy in both 2004's Hellboy and its 2008 sequel Hellboy II: The Golden Army and as Clarence \"Clay\" Morrow in television series Sons of Anarchy. Perlman is a frequent collaborator of Hellboy director Guillermo del Toro, having roles in his films Cronos, Blade II and Pacific Rim. He is also known for his voice-over work as the narrator of the post-apocalyptic game series Fallout, Slade in the animated series Teen Titans, The Stabbington Brothers in Disney's animated film Tangled and as the narrator of the television series 1000 Ways to Die.
/m/011k1h	EMI Group Limited, also known as EMI Music or simply EMI, was a British multinational music recording and publishing company, and electronics device and systems manufacturing company, headquartered in London, United Kingdom.\nAt the time of its break-up in 2012 it was the fourth-largest business group and family of record labels in the recording industry and was one of the big four record companies. Its record labels included EMI Records, Parlophone and Capitol Records. EMI Group also had a major publishing arm, EMI Music Publishing – also based in London with offices globally.\nThe company was once a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index, but faced financial troubles and $4 billion in debt, leading to its acquisition by Citigroup in February 2011. Citigroup's ownership was temporary, as it announced in November 2011 that it would sell its music arm to Vivendi's Universal Music Group for $1.9 billion, and EMI's publishing business to a Sony/ATV consortium for around $2.2 billion. Other members of the Sony consortium include The Estate of Michael Jackson, Blackstone and Abu Dhabi-owned investment fund Mubadala. Both before and after the sale announcement, Universal Music Group pledged to sell off EMI assets to the value of half a billion euros.
/m/02vx4	Association football, commonly known as football or soccer, is a sport played between two teams of eleven players with a spherical ball. It is played by 250 million players in over 200 countries, making it the world's most popular sport. The game is played on a rectangular field with a goal at each end. The object of the game is to score by using any part of the body besides the arms and hands to get the football into the opposing goal.\nThe goalkeepers are the only players allowed to touch the ball with their hands or arms while it is in play and then only in their penalty area. Outfield players mostly use their feet to strike or pass the ball, but may use their head or torso to strike the ball instead. The team that scores the most goals by the end of the match wins. If the score is tied at the end of the game, either a draw is declared or the game goes into extra time and/or a penalty shootout depending on the format of the competition. The Laws of the Game were originally codified in England by The Football Association in 1863. Association football is governed internationally by the International Federation of Association Football which organises a World Cup every four years.
/m/03zg2x	Hope Davis is an American actress. She has starred in more than 20 feature films, including About Schmidt, Arlington Road, Flatliners, Mumford, American Splendor, The Lodger, and Next Stop Wonderland.
/m/01vb403	Richard Wayne \"Dick\" Van Dyke is an American actor, comedian, writer, singer, dancer, and producer with a career spanning seven decades. He is the older brother of Jerry Van Dyke and father of Barry Van Dyke. Van Dyke starred in the films Bye Bye Birdie, Mary Poppins and Chitty Chitty Bang Bang and in the TV series The Dick Van Dyke Show and Diagnosis: Murder. Van Dyke has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 7021 Hollywood Boulevard. In 1995, he was inducted into the Television Hall of Fame. Van Dyke also received The Life Achievement Award at the annual Screen Actors Guild Awards ceremony on January 27, 2013.
/m/03k0yw	Rick Nowels is an American Grammy/Ivor Novello award-winning songwriter and record producer. He is a multi-instrumentalist and has written with, or had his songs recorded by: Lana Del Rey, Lykke Li, Madonna, Cee-Lo Green, Robyn, Marina and the Diamonds, Jason Mraz, Sia, New Radicals, Dido, Nelly Furtado, John Legend / Andre 3000, Ellie Goulding, Santigold, Anita Baker, Texas, Tiesto, Santana, Tupac Shakur, Belinda Carlisle, Stevie Nicks, Weezer, Charli XCX and Sabrina Salerno.\nNowels is represented by Stephen Budd in the UK and Europe, and Tim McDaniel in the US.
/m/02b1ng	Woking Football Club is an English football club based in Woking, Surrey, formed in 1889. The club plays at Kingfield Stadium and participates in the Conference National, the fifth tier of English football.\nWoking have won the FA Trophy a joint-record 3 times and finished the Conference National 2012–13 season in 12th place. Woking are known as the Cards or Cardinals.
/m/0k0q73t	Celebrity Big Brother is a television reality game show based on the original Dutch TV series of the same name created by producer John de Mol in 1997. The show follows a number of celebrity contestants, known as housemates, who are isolated from the outside world for an extended period of time in a custom built House. Each week, one of the housemates is evicted by a public vote, with the last housemate remaining winning a cash prize for the charity of their choice. The series takes its name from the character in George Orwell's 1949 novel Nineteen Eighty-Four. Celebrity Big Brother began as a one-time spin-off series to the original Big Brother, and premiered on Channel 4 on 9 March 2001. Following the successful first series, the show returned the following year for a second series. Though the show did not air for the next two years, it returned in 2005 and 2006. Following the highly controversial fifth series in 2007, the show did not return in 2008. It did air in 2009, but it was officially axed after the 2010 series when Channel 4 chose to cancel the programme as well as the main series. Despite this, the series was picked up by Channel 5, and Celebrity Big Brother returned in 2011. Since the move to Channel 5, two editions of Celebrity Big Brother have aired each year, with one airing in January and one airing in August and September.
/m/046qq	Jonathan Vincent \"Jon\" Voight is an American actor. He has won one Academy Award, out of four nominations, and four Golden Globe Awards, out of ten nominations. Voight is the father of actress Angelina Jolie and actor James Haven.\nVoight came to prominence in the late 1960s with his performance as a would-be gigolo in Midnight Cowboy. During the 1970s, he became a Hollywood star with his portrayals of a businessman mixed up with murder in Deliverance, a paraplegic Vietnam veteran in Coming Home, for which he won an Academy Award for Best Actor, and a penniless ex-boxing champion in The Champ.\nAlthough his output slowed during the 1980s, Voight received critical acclaim for his performance as a ruthless bank robber in Runaway Train. During the 1990s, he most notably starred as an unscrupulous showman attorney in The Rainmaker. Voight gave critically acclaimed biographical performances during the 2000s, appearing as sportscaster Howard Cosell in Ali, as Nazi officer Jürgen Stroop in Uprising, and as Pope John Paul II in the self-titled miniseries.
/m/0csdzz	Alexandre Michel Gérard Desplat is a French film composer. He has received six Academy Award nominations, six BAFTA nominations, six Golden Globe Award nominations, and five Grammy nominations. Desplat won his first Golden Globe for The Painted Veil in 2006 and his first British Academy Film Award in 2011. Among various projects, Desplat has worked on a variety of Hollywood films, including independent and commercial successes like The Queen, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, New Moon, Fantastic Mr. Fox, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 1 and Part 2, and The King's Speech.
/m/03t0k1	Sir Antony Sher, KBE is a South African-born British actor, writer and theatre director.
/m/05cgy8	Michael \"Mike\" Figgis is an English film director, writer, and composer.
/m/04y5j64	Six Degrees of Separation is a 1993 drama American film adaptation of the Pulitzer Prize-nominated John Guare play of the same title, which was inspired by real-life con artist David Hampton. For her lead performance, Stockard Channing received a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actress. The film makes reference to two Kandinsky artworks, \"Black Lines\" and \"Several Circles,\" respectively referred to as chaos and control in the film.
/m/02l6dy	Gretchen Mol is an American actress and former model. She is known for her roles in the films Rounders, Celebrity, 3:10 to Yuma, The Thirteenth Floor, and The Notorious Bettie Page, where she played the title character. She currently appears as Gillian Darmody in HBO's Boardwalk Empire.
/m/04kzqz	Gettysburg is a 1993 epic war film written and directed by Ronald F. Maxwell, adapted from the novel The Killer Angels by Michael Shaara, about the Battle of Gettysburg during the American Civil War. The film stars were Tom Berenger, Jeff Daniels, and Martin Sheen. Randy Edelman composed the score. It was Richard Jordan's last movie.
/m/01gpy4	Carinthia is the southernmost Austrian state or Land. Situated within the Eastern Alps it is noted for its mountains and lakes. The main language is German. Its regional dialects belong to the Southern Bavarian group. Carinthian Slovene dialects, which predominated in the southern part of the region up to the first half of the 20th century, are now spoken by a small minority.\nCarinthia's main industries are tourism, electronics, engineering, forestry, and agriculture. The multinational corporations Philips and Siemens have large operations there.
/m/026xt5c	Daniel Haller is an American film and television director, production designer, and art director. Haller studied at the renowned Chouinard Art Institute in Los Angeles.\nIn 1953, Haller started as an art director in television, then quickly graduated to low budget feature films. Among many other credits, Haller designed the deceptively opulent sets for nearly all of Roger Corman's critically acclaimed Edgar Allan Poe film series, including House of Usher and The Pit and the Pendulum.\nHaller directed his first film, Die, Monster, Die!, in 1965 for American International Pictures. Based on H. P. Lovecraft's short story The Colour Out of Space, it was very similar in plot and atmosphere to Corman's Poe films. After directing two motorcycle pictures, Haller filmed another Lovecraft adaptation, The Dunwich Horror.\nFrom 1972, all of Haller's subsequent work has been in television, including directing episodes of Night Gallery, Battlestar Galactica and Buck Rogers in the 25th Century. Today he lives with his family in a horse ranch in the San Fernando Valley.
/m/03fgm	Grinnell College is a private liberal arts college in Grinnell, Iowa, U.S. known for its rigorous academics and tradition of social responsibility. It was founded in 1846, when a group of New England Congregationalists established the Trustees of Iowa College.\nIn its 2014 edition of \"America's Best Colleges\", U.S. News & World Report ranked Grinnell 17th among all liberal arts colleges in the United States, and third highest for economic diversity as measured by low-income students receiving federal Pell Grants.
/m/027xx3	Santa Clara University is a private non-profit Jesuit university located in Santa Clara, California. It has 5,250 full-time undergraduate students, and 3,270 graduate students. Founded in 1851, Santa Clara University is the oldest operating institution of higher learning in California, and has remained in its original location for 162 years. The University's campus surrounds the historic Mission Santa Clara de Asis, which traces its founding to 1776. The Campus mirrors the Mission's architectural style, and provides a fine early example of Mission Revival Architecture.\nThe university offers bachelor's degrees, master's degrees, and doctoral degrees through its six colleges, the School of Arts and Sciences, School of Education and Counseling Psychology, SCU Leavey School of Business, School of Engineering, Jesuit School of Theology, and the School of Law.\nSanta Clara's sports teams are called the Broncos. Their colors are red and white. The Broncos compete at the NCAA Division I levels as members of the West Coast Conference in 19 sports. The school is renowned for its successful men's and women's soccer programs in addition to historically successful men's basketball teams.
/m/05pd94v	The 52nd Annual Grammy Awards took place on January 31, 2010, at Staples Center in Los Angeles. Neil Young was honored as the 2010 MusiCares Person of the Year on January 29, two days prior to the Grammy telecast. The show was moved to January to avoid competing against the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver. Only ten of the 109 awards were received during the broadcast. The remaining awards were given during the un-televised portion of the ceremony which preceded the broadcast.\nBeyoncé, who also received the most nominations, with ten, won a total of six awards breaking the record for most wins by a female artist in one night. Taylor Swift won four while The Black Eyed Peas, Jay-Z and Kings of Leon won three. Artists who won two awards include A. R. Rahman, Colbie Caillat, Eminem, Kanye West, Lady Gaga, Maxwell, Jason Mraz and Rihanna. Judas Priest, AC/DC, and Imogen Heap each won a Grammy for the first time in their careers.\nTaylor Swift's Fearless was awarded the Grammy Award for Album of the Year, the youngest to win the award at age 20. \"Use Somebody\" by rock band Kings of Leon won the Grammy Award for Record of the Year, while \"Single Ladies\" by songwriters Thaddis Harrell, Beyoncé Knowles, Terius Nash and Christopher Stewart, was honored with Grammy Award for Song of the Year. Zac Brown Band was presented with the Grammy Award for Best New Artist, becoming the fourth country music act to ever win the award. They follow behind LeAnn Rimes in 1997, Shelby Lynne in 2001 and Carrie Underwood in 2007.
/m/09dhj	In human context, a family is a group of people affiliated by consanguinity, affinity, or co-residence/shared consumption. Members of the immediate family may include a spouse, parent, brother and sister, and son and daughter. Members of the extended family may include grandparent, aunt, uncle, cousin, nephew and niece, or sibling-in-law. In most societies the family is the principal institution for the socialization of children. As a unit of socialization the family is the object of analysis for anthropologists and sociologists of the family. Sexual relations among the members are regulated by rules concerning incest such as the incest taboo. As the basic unit for raising children, anthropologists most generally classify family organization as matrifocal; conjugal; avuncular; or extended family in which parents and children co-reside with other members of one parent's family. Genealogy is a field which aims to trace family lineages through history. \"Family\" is used metaphorically to create more inclusive categories such as community, nationhood, global village and humanism.
/m/01l849	Gold, also called golden, is one of a variety of yellow-brown color blends used to give the impression of the color of the element gold.\nThe web color gold is sometimes referred to as golden to distinguish it from the color metallic gold. The use of gold as a color term in traditional usage is more often applied to the color \"metallic gold\".\nThe first recorded use of golden as a color name in English was in 1300 to refer to the element gold and in 1423 to refer to blond hair.\nMetallic gold, such as in paint, is often called goldtone or gold-tone. In heraldry, the French word or is used. In model building, the color gold is different from brass. A shiny or metallic silvertone object can be painted with transparent yellow to obtain goldtone, something often done with Christmas decorations.
/m/01l7cxq	Tom Scott is an American saxophonist, composer, arranger, conductor and bandleader of the west coast jazz/jazz fusion ensemble The L.A. Express.
/m/03l7tr	Ross\nCounty Football Club, or the Staggies, are a Scottish professional football team whoplay in the Scottish Football League. They play their home\nmatches at Victoria Park in the Highland town of Dingwall, Ross and\nCromarty. Their strip consists of a navy blue top, with white shorts and socks.Commonly known as the 'most northerly league team in Scottish football', this is no longer true following the accession to league status of Elgin City.After a long history in the Highland League, Ross County joined the Scottish League in 1994. The highlights have been 98/99 Winning the 3rd division championship99/00 Promotion from the 2nd division01/02 and 05/06 4th place finishes in the 1st division06/07 Winning the Challenge CupIn the 06/07 season, County received their first major setback, being relegated to the 2nd division having finished bottom of the first.New manager, Dick Campbell, has been given and readily accepted the challenge of steering County back to the first division in one season.
/m/017ht	Bhaṅgṛā is a genre of riff-oriented popular music associated with Punjabi culture. It was developed in Britain in the 1980s by first and second generation immigrants from the Punjab region of India and Pakistan forming the Punjabi diaspora, drawing from music and song of the Punjab region as well as various Western musical styles. It is seen by some in the West as an expression of South Asian culture as a whole. Bhangra music was replaced by Punjabi folk music in the mid 90s. Using the derivative form of Punjabi Folk music and Hip hop, known as Folkhop
/m/0vp5f	Saginaw is a city in the U.S. state of Michigan and the seat of Saginaw County. Both the city of Saginaw and Saginaw County are located in the Flint/Tri-Cities region of Michigan. The city of Saginaw is located adjacent to Saginaw Charter Township and is considered part of the Tri-Cities area, along with neighboring Bay City and Midland.\nThe city of Saginaw was once a thriving lumber town in the 19th century and an important industrial city and manufacturing center throughout much of the 20th century. However, by the late 20th century, Saginaw's industry and its once-strong manufacturing presence declined, leading to increasing unemployment, crime, and a decrease in population.
/m/01q_ks	The DC Universe is the shared universe where most of the comic stories published by DC Comics take place. The DC superheroes are from this universe while it also contains well known supervillains such as Lex Luthor, the Joker and Darkseid. Note that in context, \"DC Universe\" is usually used to refer to the main DC continuity. Occasionally, \"DC Universe\" will be used to indicate the \"DC Multiverse\", the collection of all continuities within DC Comics publications.
/m/016z68	Stephen Rea is an Irish film and stage actor who was born in Belfast, Northern Ireland. Rea has appeared in high profile films such as V for Vendetta, Michael Collins, Interview with the Vampire and Breakfast on Pluto. Rea was nominated for an Academy Award for his lead performance as Fergus in the 1992 film The Crying Game.
/m/07b2yw	The University of Ibadan is the oldest and one of the most prestigious Nigerian universities, and is located five miles from the centre of the major city of Ibadan in Western Nigeria.\nBesides the College of Medicine, there are now ten other faculties: Arts, Science, Agriculture and Forestry, Social Sciences, Education, Veterinary Medicine, Technology, Law, Public Health and Dentistry. The University has residential and sports facilities for staff and students on campus, as well as separate botanical and zoological gardens.
/m/0721cy	Samuel \"Sam\" Simon is an American director, producer, writer, boxing manager and philanthropist. While at Stanford University, Simon worked as a newspaper cartoonist and after graduating became a storyboard artist at Filmation Studios. He submitted a spec script for the sitcom Taxi, which was produced, and later became the series' showrunner. Over the next few years, Simon wrote and produced for Cheers, It's Garry Shandling's Show and other programs, as well as writing the 1991 film The Super.\nIn 1989 he developed the animated sitcom The Simpsons with Matt Groening and James L. Brooks. Simon assembled the show's first writing team, co-wrote eight episodes and has been credited with \"developing [the show's] sensibility\". Simon's relationship with Groening was strained and he left the show in 1993, negotiating a pay-off which sees him receive tens of millions of dollars from the show's revenue each year. The following year he co-created The George Carlin Show, before later working as a director on shows such as The Drew Carey Show. Simon has won nine Primetime Emmy Awards for his television work.\nSimon has since turned to fields outside television. He regularly appears on Howard Stern's radio shows, managed boxer Lamon Brewster and helped guide him to the World Boxing Organization Heavyweight Championship in 2004 and was a regular poker player and six-time in the money finisher at the World Series of Poker. Simon runs the Sam Simon Foundation, which rescues and trains stray dogs and funded the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society vessel the MY Sam Simon, which was named after him. He has been married twice, including to the actress Jennifer Tilly, and is currently engaged. Following a profile of Simon on 60 Minutes in 2007, CBS writer Daniel Schorn wrote in an online article that Simon was \"perhaps the Renaissance man of the baffling, uncertain age we live in.\"
/m/0163v	Belarus, officially the Republic of Belarus, is a landlocked country in Eastern Europe bordered by Russia to the northeast, Ukraine to the south, Poland to the west, and Lithuania and Latvia to the northwest. Its capital is Minsk; other major cities include Brest, Hrodna, Homiel, Mahilyow and Vitsebsk. Over forty percent of its 207,600 square kilometres is forested, and its strongest economic sectors are service industries and manufacturing.\nUntil the 20th century, the lands of modern-day Belarus belonged to several countries, including the Principality of Polotsk, the Grand Duchy of Lithuania, the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth, and the Russian Empire. In the aftermath of the Russian Revolution, Belarus became a founding constituent republic of the Soviet Union and was renamed as the Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic. Much of the borders of Belarus took their modern shape in 1939 when some lands of the Second Polish Republic were incorporated into it after the Soviet invasion of Poland and were finalized after World War II. The nation and its territory were devastated in World War II, during which Belarus lost about a third of its population and more than half of its economic resources. The republic was redeveloped in the post-war years. In 1945, the Belorussian SSR became a founding member of the United Nations, along with the Soviet Union and the Ukrainian SSR.
/m/01nzs7	Syfy is an American basic cable and satellite television channel that is owned by the NBCUniversal Cable division of NBCUniversal, a subsidiary of Comcast. The channel features science fiction, drama, supernatural, fantasy, reality, paranormal, wrestling, and horror programming.\nAs of August 2013, approximately 97,447,000 American households receive Syfy.
/m/02fs_d	The University of Louisiana at Monroe is a coeducational public university in Monroe, Louisiana, United States and part of the University of Louisiana System.
/m/0j5b8	Napoleon Bonaparte was a French military and political leader who rose to prominence during the latter stages of the French Revolution and its associated wars in Europe.\nAs Napoleon I, he was Emperor of the French from 1804 to 1814. He implemented a wide array of liberal reforms across Europe, including the abolition of feudalism and the spread of religious toleration. His legal code in France, the Napoleonic Code, influenced numerous civil law jurisdictions worldwide. Napoleon is remembered for his role in leading France against a series of coalitions in the Napoleonic Wars. He won the majority of his battles and seized control of most of continental Europe in a quest for personal power and to spread the ideals of the French Revolution. Widely regarded as one of the greatest commanders in history, his campaigns are studied at military academies worldwide. He remains one of the most studied political and military leaders in all of history.\nNapoleon was born in Corsica in a family of noble Italian ancestry which had settled in Corsica in the 16th century. He spoke French with a heavy Corsican accent. Well-educated, he rose to prominence under the French First Republic and led successful campaigns against the enemies of the French revolution who set up the First and Second Coalitions, most notably his campaigns in Italy.
/m/0qymv	Concord is the largest city in Contra Costa County, California, in the United States. At the 2010 census, the city had a population of 122,067. Founded in 1869 as the community of Todos Santos by Salvio Pacheco, the name was changed to Concord within months. The city is a major regional suburban East Bay center within the San Francisco Bay Area, and is 31 miles east of San Francisco.
/m/0234pg	Carl Weathers is an actor, TV director and football player.
/m/0gbbt	A bass player, or bassist, is a musician who plays a bass instrument such as a double bass, bass guitar, keyboard bass or a low brass instrument such as a tuba or sousaphone. Different musical genres tend to be associated with one or more of these instruments. Since the 1960s, the electric bass has been the standard bass instrument for rock and roll, jazz fusion, heavy metal, country, reggae and pop music. The double bass is the standard bass instrument for classical music, bluegrass, rockabilly, and most genres of jazz. Low brass instruments such as the tuba or sousaphone are the standard bass instrument in Dixieland and New Orleans-style jazz bands.\nDespite the associations of different bass instruments with certain genres, there are exceptions. Some 1990s and 2000s rock and pop bands use a double bass, such as both Andrew Jackson Jihad, Barenaked Ladies; Indie band The Decemberists; and punk rock/psychobilly groups such as The Living End, Nekromantix, The Horrorpops, and Tiger Army. Some fusion jazz groups use a lightweight, stripped-down electric upright bass rather than a double bass. Some composers of modern art music use the electric bass in a chamber music setting. Some jazz big bands use electric bass. Some fusion, R&B and house music groups use synth bass or keyboard bass rather than electric bass. Some Dixieland bands use double bass or electric bass instead of a tuba. In some jazz groups and jam bands, the basslines are played by a Hammond organ player, who uses the bass pedal keyboard or the lower manual for the low notes.
/m/01m4yn	Rose Arianna McGowan is an Italian-born American actress and singer. She is best known for her role as Paige Matthews in The WB Television Network supernatural drama series Charmed. She played Ann-Margret alongside Jonathan Rhys Meyers as Elvis Presley in the CBS mini-series Elvis. In 2008, she was guest programmer and co-host of TCM's film-series program, The Essentials.\nShe made her film debut in the 1992 comedy Encino Man, where she played a small role. Her performance as Amy Blue in the 1995 dark comedy film The Doom Generation brought her wider attention, and received an Independent Spirit Award nomination. McGowan then appeared in the 1996 hit horror film Scream and starred alongside Ben Affleck in the 1997 coming-of-age feature Going All the Way. Later, she appeared in several Hollywood films, including Devil in the Flesh, Jawbreaker, Ready to Rumble, Monkeybone and The Black Dahlia. In 2007, she was cast in Planet Terror as part of the double-feature film directed by Robert Rodriguez and Quentin Tarantino Grindhouse. She also portrayed the character Grace in the crime thriller film Fifty Dead Men Walking.
/m/05m_jsg	Killers is a 2010 American romantic comedy action film starring Katherine Heigl, Ashton Kutcher, Tom Selleck and Catherine O'Hara. The film was released in the United States and Canada on June 4, 2010. The film centers on a young woman who meets a man who turns out to be an assassin.
/m/0gz6b6g	End of Watch is a 2012 American thriller drama film written and directed by David Ayer. It stars Jake Gyllenhaal and Michael Peña as Los Angeles Police Department officers who work in South Central Los Angeles. It was originally scheduled to be released on September 28, 2012, but the release was moved up a week, to September 21. On December 7, the film was given a nationwide re-release.
/m/0mhfr	Country rock is a subgenre of country music, formed from the fusion of rock with country. The term is generally used to refer to the wave of rock musicians who began to record country-flavored records in the late 1960s and early 1970s, beginning with Bob Dylan and The Byrds; reaching its greatest popularity in the 1970s with artists like Emmylou Harris and the Eagles.
/m/0b76kw1	Temple Grandin is a 2010 biopic directed by Mick Jackson and starring Claire Danes as Temple Grandin, an autistic woman who revolutionized practices for the humane handling of livestock on cattle ranches and slaughterhouses.
/m/02zp1t	Hempstead is a village located in the town of Hempstead, Nassau County, New York, United States. The population was 53,891 at the 2010 census, making it the most populated village in New York.\nHofstra University is located on the border between Hempstead and Uniondale.
/m/03ysmg	Robert Leo \"Bobby\" Farrelly, Jr. is an American film director, screenwriter and producer and one of the Farrelly brothers.
/m/0272vm	The Northern Ireland national football team represents Northern Ireland in international association football. From 1882 to 1921 all of Ireland was represented by a single side, the Ireland national football team, organised by the Irish Football Association. In 1921 the jurisdiction of the IFA was reduced to Northern Ireland following the secession of clubs in the soon-to-be Irish Free State, although its team purported to remain the national team for all of Ireland until 1950, and used the name Ireland until the 1970s. The Football Association of Ireland organises the separate Republic of Ireland national football team.
/m/01jp4s	Bergamo is a city and commune in Lombardy, Italy, about 40 km northeast of Milan. The commune is home to over 120,000 inhabitants. It is served by the Orio al Serio Airport, which also serves the Province of Bergamo and the metropolitan area of Milan. The foothills of the Alps begin immediately north of the town. With 239,022 arrivals, Bergamo is the second most visited city in Lombardy after Milan.
/m/06mmr	Star Wars is an American epic space opera franchise centered on a film series created by George Lucas. The film series, consisting of two trilogies, has spawned an extensive media franchise called the Expanded Universe including books, television series, computer and video games, and comic books. These supplements to the franchise resulted in significant development of the series' fictional universe, keeping the franchise active in the 16-year interim between the two film trilogies. The franchise depicts a galaxy described as far, far away in the distant past, and it commonly portrays Jedi as a representation of good, in conflict with the Sith, their evil counterpart. Their weapon of choice, the lightsaber, is commonly recognized in popular culture. The franchise's storylines contain many themes, with strong influences from philosophy and religion.\nThe first film in the series was originally released on May 25, 1977, under the title Star Wars, by 20th Century Fox, and became a worldwide pop culture phenomenon, followed by two sequels, released at three-year intervals. Sixteen years after the release of the trilogy's final film, the first in a new prequel trilogy of films was released. The three prequel films were also released at three-year intervals, with the final film of the trilogy released on May 19, 2005. In October 2012, The Walt Disney Company acquired Lucasfilm for $4.05 billion and announced that it would produce three new films, with the first film, Star Wars Episode VII, planned for release in 2015. 20th Century Fox still retains the distribution rights to the first two Star Wars trilogies, owning permanent rights for the original film Episode IV: A New Hope, while holding the rights to Episodes I–III, V, and VI until May 2020.
/m/0f7hw	Coming to America is a 1988 American comedy film directed by John Landis, and based on a story originally created by Eddie Murphy, who also starred in the lead role. The film also co-stars Arsenio Hall, James Earl Jones and John Amos. The film was released in the United States on June 29, 1988.\nEddie Murphy plays African crown prince, Akeem Joffer, from the fictional nation of Zamunda, who comes to the United States in the hopes of finding a woman he can marry.
/m/03tbg6	Cats & Dogs is a 2001 American-Australian action-comedy film, directed by Lawrence Guterman. The screenplay by John Requa and Glenn Ficarra centers on the relationships between cats and dogs. It was shot in Victoria and Vancouver, Canada. The film was released on July 4, 2001 by Warner Bros. Pictures, Village Roadshow Pictures, Zide/Perry Productions, and Rhythm and Hues Studios.
/m/016jhr	Jam bands are musical groups whose live albums and concerts relate to a unique fan culture that began in the 1960s with The Grateful Dead, and continued in the 1990s with bands like Phish. The performances of these bands often feature extended musical improvisation over rhythmic grooves and chord patterns, and long sets of music that cross genre boundaries.\nWhile the seminal group The Grateful Dead are categorized as psychedelic rock, by the 1990s the term \"jam band\" was being used for groups playing a variety of rock-related genres, including blues, country music, folk music, and funk. Today the term even includes some groups completely outside of rock, such as those playing world music, electronic music, progressive bluegrass, and jazz fusion.
/m/0x3b7	Emmylou Harris is an American singer and songwriter. She has released many popular albums and singles over the course of her career, and has now won 13 Grammys - as of 2014 - as well as numerous other awards.\nHer work and recordings include work as a solo artist, bandleader, an interpreter of other composers' works and as a singer-songwriter, and a backing vocalist and duet partner. She has worked with numerous leading artists including Gram Parsons, John Denver, Linda Ronstadt, Dolly Parton, Roy Orbison, The Band, Mark Knopfler, Guy Clark, Willie Nelson, Bob Dylan, Rodney Crowell, Neil Young and Steve Earle.
/m/0d04z6	Cuba, officially the Republic of Cuba, is an island country in the Caribbean. The nation of Cuba comprises the main island of Cuba, the Isla de la Juventud, and several archipelagos. Havana is the capital of Cuba and its largest city. The second largest city is Santiago de Cuba. To the north of Cuba lies the United States and the Bahamas are to the northeast, Mexico is to the west, the Cayman Islands and Jamaica are to the south, and Haiti and the Dominican Republic are to the southeast.\nThe island of Cuba was inhabited by numerous Mesoamerican tribes prior to its invasion by Italian explorer Christopher Columbus in 1492, who claimed it for the Kingdom of Spain. Cuba remained a colony of Spain until the Spanish–American War of 1898, after which it was briefly administered by the United States until gaining nominal independence in 1902. The fragile republic endured increasingly radical politics and social strife, and despite efforts to strengthen its democratic system, Cuba came under the dictatorship of former president Fulgencio Batista in 1952. Growing unrest and instability led to Batista's ousting in January 1959 by the July 26 movement, which afterwards established a new socialist administration under the leadership of Fidel Castro. Since 1965, the country has been governed as a single-party state by the Communist Party.
/m/01svq8	Dennis Miller is an American stand-up comedian, talk show host, political commentator, sports commentator, actor, television personality, and radio personality. He is known for his critical assessments laced with pop culture references. He rose to fame as a cast member of Saturday Night Live in 1985, and subsequently hosted a string of his own talk shows on HBO, CNBC and in syndication. He currently hosts a daily, three-hour, self-titled talk radio program, nationally syndicated by Dial Global.\nAlthough in his early years of fame he was perceived to be liberal and anti-Republican, in recent years, Miller has become known for his conservative political opinions. He is a regular political commentator on Fox News Channel's The O'Reilly Factor in a segment called \"Miller Time\", and previously appeared on the network's Hannity & Colmes in a segment called \"Real Free Speech.\" During the Presidential election of 2012, Miller appeared on Fox News Channel and said that under Barack Obama, the US is on the road to the \"European model.\" He is listed as 21st on Comedy Central's 100 greatest stand up comedians of all time.
/m/0249fn	The Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Blues Album was awarded from 1988 to 2011. From 2001 to 2003 the award recipients included the producers and engineers as well as the artists. Until 1992 the award was known as Best Contemporary Blues Performance and in 1989 was awarded to a song rather than to an album..\nThe award will be discontinued from 2012 in a major overhaul of Grammy categories. From 2012, this category will merge with the Best Traditional Blues Album category to form the new Best Blues Album category.\nYears reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were handed out, for music released in the previous year.
/m/06mmb	Shannon Elizabeth Fadal, known professionally as Shannon Elizabeth, is an American actress and former fashion model. Elizabeth is well known for her roles in comedy films such as American Pie, Scary Movie and Jay And Silent Bob Strike Back. She is also known for her work in horror films such as Thirteen Ghosts, Cursed, and Night of the Demons. She became widely known as a sex symbol for her role in the 1999 comedy film American Pie.
/m/012_53	Melissa Joan Catherine Hart is an American actress, writer, television director, television producer, singer and businesswoman. Hart is known for her title roles in the television series Clarissa Explains It All, the live action version of Sabrina, the Teenage Witch, and Melissa & Joey.\nHart has been married to musician Mark Wilkerson since July 19, 2003; together, they have three children.
/m/0d6484	An accomplished American film and television producer, Laurence Mark is an Academy Award-nominated, Emmy-nominated, Golden Globe-winning producer of such acclaimed hits as Julie & Julia, Dreamgirls, I, Robot, As Good as It Gets and Jerry Maguire.
/m/05c74	Nicaragua, officially the Republic of Nicaragua, is the largest country in the Central American isthmus, bordering Honduras to the north and Costa Rica to the south. The country is situated between 11 and 14 degrees north of the Equator in the Northern Hemisphere, which places it entirely within the tropics. The Pacific Ocean lies to the west, and the Caribbean Sea to the east. The country's physical geography divides it into three major zones: Pacific lowlands; wet, cooler central highlands; and the Caribbean lowlands. On the Pacific side of the country are the two largest fresh water lakes in Central America—Lake Managua and Lake Nicaragua. Surrounding these lakes and extending to their northwest along the rift valley of the Gulf of Fonseca are fertile lowland plains, with soil highly enriched by ash from nearby volcanoes of the central highlands. Nicaragua's abundance of biologically significant and unique ecosystems contribute to Mesoamerica's designation as a biodiversity hotspot.\nThe Spanish Empire conquered the region in the 16th century. Nicaragua achieved its independence from Spain in 1821. Since its independence, Nicaragua has undergone periods of political unrest, dictatorship, and fiscal crisis—the most notable causes that led to the Nicaraguan Revolution of the 1960s and 1970s. Nicaragua is a representative democratic republic, and has experienced economic growth and political stability in recent years. Since 2007, Daniel Ortega has been the President.
/m/01mw2x	Health care is the diagnosis, treatment, and prevention of disease, illness, injury, and other physical and mental impairments in humans. Health care is delivered by practitioners in allied health, dentistry, medicine, nursing, optometry, pharmacy and other care providers. It refers to the work done in providing primary care, secondary care, and tertiary care, as well as in public health.\nAccess to health care varies across countries, groups and individuals, largely influenced by social and economic conditions as well as the health policies in place. Countries and jurisdictions have different policies and plans in relation to the personal and population-based health care goals within their societies. Health care systems are organizations established to meet the health needs of target populations. Their exact configuration varies from country to country. In some countries and jurisdictions, health care planning is distributed among market participants, whereas in others planning is made more centrally among governments or other coordinating bodies. In all cases, according to the World Health Organization, a well-functioning health care system requires a robust financing mechanism; a well-trained and adequately-paid workforce; reliable information on which to base decisions and policies; and well maintained facilities and logistics to deliver quality medicines and technologies.
/m/01tpl1p	Cree Summer Francks, best known as Cree Summer, is a Canadian-American actress, musician and voice actress.\nShe is best known for her role as college student Winifred \"Freddie\" Brooks on the NBC sitcom A Different World. As a voice actress Summer provided the voices for Penny in Inspector Gadget during Season 1, Elmyra Duff in Tiny Toon Adventures, Susie Carmichael on Rugrats and All Grown Up, Princess Kida in Atlantis: The Lost Empire, Valerie Gray in Danny Phantom, Foxxy Love in Drawn Together, Numbuh 5 in Codename: Kids Next Door, Magma in X-Men Legends, Yvonne and Gordon in Mrs. Munger's Class, and Cleo the Poodle in Clifford the Big Red Dog. She also voices Wuya in Xiaolin Chronicles.
/m/01vc5m	Bates College is a private liberal arts college located in Lewiston, Maine, in the United States. The college was founded in 1855 by abolitionists. Bates College is one of the first colleges in the United States to be coeducational from establishment, and is also the oldest continuously operating coeducational institution in New England. Originally a Free Will Baptist institution, Bates is now a nonsectarian institution.\nBates College was ranked 22nd in the nation in the 2014 US News & World Report Best Liberal Arts Colleges rankings. The college is listed as one of thirty \"Hidden Ivies\" and one of the \"Little Ivies\". Bates offers 32 departmental and interdisciplinary program majors and 25 secondary concentrations, and confers Bachelor of Arts and Bachelor of Science degrees. The college enrolls approximately 2,000 students, 300 of whom study abroad each semester. The student-faculty ratio is 10-to-1.\nBates is a leader of the SAT optional movement for undergraduate admission. In 1984 it instituted one of the first SAT-optional admissions programs in the nation.
/m/045bg	Jean-Paul Charles Aymard Sartre was a French philosopher, playwright, novelist, screenwriter, political activist, biographer, and literary critic. He was one of the key figures in the philosophy of existentialism and phenomenology, and one of the leading figures in 20th-century French philosophy and Marxism.\nHis work has also influenced sociology, critical theory, post-colonial theory, and literary studies, and continues to influence these disciplines. Sartre has also been noted for his open relationship with the prominent feminist theorist Simone de Beauvoir.\nHe was awarded the 1964 Nobel Prize in Literature but refused it, saying that he always declined official honors and that \"a writer should not allow himself to be turned into an institution\".
/m/09rx7tx	Jackass 3D is a 2010 American 3D comedy film and the third film in the Jackass film series. It was released on October 15, 2010 by Paramount Pictures and MTV Films to American theaters and marked the 10th anniversary of the franchise, which started in 2000. This and Jackass 3.5 are the final Jackass films that Ryan Dunn appeared in before his death in 2011.
/m/07kjk7c	This is a list of the winners of the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing for a Miniseries, Movie, or Dramatic Special.
/m/0dznvw	The 23rd Academy Awards Ceremony awarded Oscars for the best in films in 1950. The nominations were notable this year, as All About Eve was nominated for fourteen Oscars, beating the previous record of thirteen set by Gone with the Wind.\nSunset Boulevard became the second and, to date, last film with nominations in every acting category to not win a single one.
/m/034zc0	James Thomas Patrick \"J.T.\" Walsh was an American character actor. He appeared in many well-known films, including Nixon, Hoffa, A Few Good Men, Backdraft, Miracle on 34th Street, Outbreak, Breakdown, Pleasantville, The Negotiator and Good Morning, Vietnam. Walsh was known for his roles as \"quietly sinister white-collar sleazeballs\" in numerous feature films, and was described as \"everybody's favorite scumbag\" by Playboy magazine.
/m/0cg2cj	FC Aarau is a Swiss football club, based in Aarau. They play in the Swiss Super League after gaining promotion at the end of the 2012-13 season.
/m/01c9jp	The Grammy Award for Best Pop Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals was awarded between 1966 and 2011. The award had several minor name changes:\nFrom 1966 to 1967, the award was known as Best Contemporary Performance - Group\nIn 1968 it was awarded as Best Contemporary Group Performance\nIn 1969 it was awarded as Best Contemporary-Pop Performance - Vocal Duo or Group\nIn 1970 it was awarded as Best Contemporary Vocal Performance by a Group\nIn 1971 it was awarded as Best Contemporary Vocal Performance by a Duo, Group or Chorus\nIn 1972 it was awarded as Best Pop Vocal Performance by a Duo Or Group\nFrom 1973 to 1977 it was awarded as Best Pop Vocal Performance by a Duo, Group or Chorus\nIn 1978 it was awarded as Best Pop Vocal Performance by a Group\nIn 1979 it was again awarded as Best Pop Vocal Performance by a Duo or Group\nIn 1980 it was again awarded as Best Pop Vocal Performance by a Duo, Group or Chorus\nFrom 1981 to 2011 it was awarded as Best Pop Performance by a Duo or Group With Vocals\nThe award was discontinued from 2012 in a major overhaul of Grammy categories. From 2012, all duo or group performances in the pop field were shifted to the newly formed Best Pop Duo/Group Performance category.
/m/03f4w4	Joely Kim Richardson is an English actress, known for her role as Queen Catherine Parr in the Showtime television show The Tudors and Julia McNamara in the television drama Nip/Tuck. She also appeared in films such as 101 Dalmatians, Event Horizon, The Patriot, Anonymous, and the Hollywood film adaptation The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
/m/02hrlh	An electric violin is a violin equipped with an electronic output of its sound. The term most properly refers to an instrument purposely made to be electrified with built-in pickups, usually with a solid body. It can also refer to a violin fitted with an electric pickup of some type, although \"amplified violin\" or \"electro-acoustic violin\" are more accurate in that case.\nElectrically amplified violins have been used in one form or another since the 1920s; jazz and blues artist Stuff Smith is generally credited as being one of the first performers to adapt pickups and amplifiers to violins. The Electro Stringed Instrument Corporation, National and Vega sold electric violins in the 1930s and 1940s; Fender produced a small number of electric violins in the late 1950s. There has been a great deal more commercial success of well known manufacturers of electric violins since the 1990s for both well known, established companies and new makers too.\nAcoustic violins may be used with an add-on piezoelectric bridge or body pickup, or a magnetic pickup attached to the fingerboard end. Alternatively, an electrodynamic pickup can be installed under an acoustic violin's fingerboard avoiding interference with any tone-producing parts of the violin, and so keeping its acoustic resonances and tone intact.
/m/02h1rt	Sir Richard Leslie Taylor KNZM is the founder, Creative Director and head of New Zealand film prop and special effects company Weta Workshop.\nRaised in the small town of Patumahoe, just outside of Pukekohe, Taylor was educated at Wesley College, Paerata.\nA close friend of Peter Jackson, he and his company created all of the props, costumes, prosthetics, miniatures and weaponry for Jackson's epic The Lord of the Rings film trilogy. For his work on the three films, he shared in winning four Academy Awards. This included two for The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring in Make Up and Visual Effects, and two for The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King in Costume Design and Make Up.\nTaylor can be seen and heard on all of The Lord of the Rings DVDs, in behind-the-scenes documentaries and on the audio commentaries on the extended edition DVDs. He also appeared on set to give direction to actors and stunt personnel in several fight scenes.\nHe had a cameo appearance with Peter Jackson and other crew members in the special extended edition of The Return of the King as a Corsair pirate.\nBoth Richard Taylor and Weta Workshop appear in the documentary film, Reclaiming the Blade, where they discussed the creative and technical process of how movie props are created at Weta Workshop. Swords created by Weta for films such as The Lord of the Rings and The Chronicles of Narnia are featured in the film as well.
/m/0mvxt	Greenville County is a county located in the State of South Carolina, United States. As of the 2010 census, its population was 451,225. making it the most populous county in the state. Its county seat is the city of Greenville. It is included in the Greenville–Anderson–Mauldin Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/01rtm4	Sarah Lawrence College is a private and independent liberal arts college in the United States. It is located in southern Westchester County, New York, in the city of Yonkers, 15 miles north of Manhattan.\nThe College is known for its rigorous academic standards, low student-to-faculty ratio, and highly individualized course of study. The school models its approach to education after the Oxford/Cambridge system of one-on-one student-faculty tutorials, which are a key component in all areas of study. Sarah Lawrence emphasizes scholarship, particularly in the humanities, performing arts, and writing, and places a high value on independent study.
/m/062t2	Pain is an unpleasant feeling often caused by intense or damaging stimuli, such as stubbing a toe, burning a finger, putting alcohol on a cut, and bumping the \"funny bone\". The International Association for the Study of Pain's widely used definition states: \"Pain is an unpleasant sensory and emotional experience associated with actual or potential tissue damage, or described in terms of such damage.\"\nPain motivates the individual to withdraw from damaging situations, to protect a damaged body part while it heals, and to avoid similar experiences in the future. Most pain resolves promptly once the painful stimulus is removed and the body has healed, but sometimes pain persists despite removal of the stimulus and apparent healing of the body; and sometimes pain arises in the absence of any detectable stimulus, damage or disease.\nPain is the most common reason for physician consultation in the United States. It is a major symptom in many medical conditions, and can significantly interfere with a person's quality of life and general functioning. Psychological factors such as social support, hypnotic suggestion, excitement, or distraction can significantly modulate pain's intensity or unpleasantness.
/m/02jr26	Elisabeth Judson Shue is an American actress, known for her roles in the films The Karate Kid, Adventures in Babysitting, Cocktail, Back to the Future Part II, Back to the Future Part III, Leaving Las Vegas, The Saint, and Hollow Man. She has won several acting awards and was nominated for an Academy Award, a Golden Globe and a BAFTA. In February 2012, she began starring as Julie Finlay in the CBS police drama CSI: Crime Scene Investigation. She is widely considered the pin up girl of the 80's and early 90's.
/m/02zd460	The University of California, Berkeley, is a public research university located in Berkeley, California, United States. The university occupies 1,232 acres on the eastern side of the San Francisco Bay with the central campus resting on 178 acres. Berkeley is the flagship institution of the 10 campus University of California system and one of only two UC campuses operating on a semester calendar, the other being UC Merced.\nEstablished in 1868 as the result of the merger of the private College of California and the public Agricultural, Mining, and Mechanical Arts College in Oakland, Berkeley is the oldest institution in the UC system and offers approximately 350 undergraduate and graduate degree programs in a wide range of disciplines. Berkeley has been charged with providing both \"classical\" and \"practical\" education for the state's people. Berkeley co-manages three United States Department of Energy National Laboratories, including the Los Alamos National Laboratory, Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory and Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory for the U.S. Department of Energy.\nBerkeley faculty, alumni, and researchers have won 72 Nobel Prizes, 9 Wolf Prizes, 7 Fields Medals, 15 Turing Awards, 45 MacArthur Fellowships, 20 Academy Awards, and 11 Pulitzer Prizes. To date, UC Berkeley and its researchers are associated with 6 chemical elements of the periodic table and the Berkeley Lab has discovered 16 chemical elements in total – more than any other university in the world. Berkeley is a founding member of the Association of American Universities and continues to have very high research activity with $652.4 million in research and development expenditures in 2009. Berkeley physicist J. Robert Oppenheimer was the scientific director of the Manhattan Project that developed the first atomic bomb in the world, which he personally headquartered at Los Alamos, New Mexico, during World War II. Faculty member Edward Teller was the \"father of the hydrogen bomb\". Known as the California Golden Bears, the athletic teams are members of both the Pacific-12 Conference and the Mountain Pacific Sports Federation in the NCAA.
/m/07sgfsl	Naya Marie Rivera is an American actress and singer, known for playing Santana Lopez on Fox Broadcasting's musical comedy-drama television series Glee. In 2011, Rivera signed a recording contract with Columbia Records to release her debut album. The lead single \"Sorry\" was released on September 17, 2013, featuring her fiancé Big Sean.
/m/07ssc	The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, commonly known as the United Kingdom or Britain, is a sovereign state located off the north-western coast of continental Europe. The country includes the island of Great Britain, the north-eastern part of the island of Ireland, and many smaller islands. Northern Ireland is the only part of the UK that shares a land border with another state: the Republic of Ireland. Apart from this land border, the UK is surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean, with the North Sea in the east, the English Channel in the south and the Irish Sea in the west.\nThe UK's form of government is a constitutional monarchy with a parliamentary system, and its capital city is London. The current British monarch—since 6 February 1952—is Queen Elizabeth II. The United Kingdom consists of four countries: England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. The latter three have devolved administrations, each with varying powers, based in their capital cities, Edinburgh, Cardiff and Belfast, respectively. Guernsey, Jersey and the Isle of Man are Crown dependencies and are not part of the UK. The United Kingdom has fourteen British Overseas Territories. These are remnants of the British Empire which, at its height in the late 19th and early 20th centuries, encompassed almost a quarter of the world's land mass and was the largest empire in history. British influence can be observed in the language, culture and legal systems of many of its former colonies.
/m/023qfd	Glen Albert Larson is an American television producer and writer best known as the creator of the television series Battlestar Galactica, Quincy, M.E., B. J. and the Bear, The Fall Guy, Magnum, P.I. and Knight Rider.
/m/04tqtl	Sin City, also known as Frank Miller's Sin City, is a 2005 American neo-noir crime action thriller film written, produced, and directed by Frank Miller and Robert Rodriguez. It is based on Miller's graphic novel series of the same name.\nThe film is primarily based on the first, third, and fourth books in Miller's original comic series. The Hard Goodbye: About a man who embarks on a brutal rampage in search of his one-time sweetheart's killer, killing anyone, even the police, that gets in his way of finding and killing her murderer; The Big Fat Kill: Focuses on a street war between a group of prostitutes and a group of mercenaries, the police, and the mob; and That Yellow Bastard: Follows an aging police officer who protects a young woman from a grotesquely disfigured serial killer. The intro and outro of the film are based on the short story \"The Customer is Always Right\", which is collected in Booze, Broads & Bullets, the fifth book in the comic series.\nThe film stars Jessica Alba, Benicio del Toro, Brittany Murphy, Clive Owen, Mickey Rourke, Bruce Willis and Elijah Wood, and features Rosario Dawson, Carla Gugino, Rutger Hauer, Jaime King, Michael Madsen, and Nick Stahl, among others.
/m/024y6w	Jayne Mansfield was an American actress in film, theatre, and television, a nightclub entertainer, a singer, and one of the early Playboy Playmates. She was a major Hollywood sex symbol of the 1950s and early 1960s. Mansfield was 20th Century Fox's alternative to Marilyn Monroe and came to be known as the Working Man's Monroe. She was also known for her well-publicized personal life and publicity stunts, such as wardrobe malfunctions.\nMansfield became a major Broadway star in 1955, a major Hollywood star in 1956, and a leading celebrity in 1957. She was one of Hollywood's original blonde bombshells, and although many people have never seen her movies, Mansfield remains one of the most recognizable icons of 1950s celebrity culture. With the decrease of the demand for big-breasted blonde bombshells and the increase in the negative backlash against her over-publicity, she became a box-office has-been by the early 1960s.\nWhile Mansfield's film career was short-lived, she had several box office successes and won a Theatre World Award and a Golden Globe. She enjoyed success in the role of fictional actress Rita Marlowe, both in the 1955–56 Broadway version and the 1957 Hollywood film version of Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter?. She showcased her comedic skills in The Girl Can't Help It, her dramatic assets in The Wayward Bus, and her sizzling presence in Too Hot to Handle. She also sang for studio recordings, including the album Shakespeare, Tchaikovsky & Me and the single As the Clouds Drift By. Mansfield's notable television work included television dramas Follow the Sun and Burke's Law, game shows The Match Game and What's My Line?, variety shows The Jack Benny Program and The Bob Hope Show, the The Ed Sullivan Show, and a large number of talk shows.
/m/02h3d1	The Grammy Award for Best Musical Theater Album has been awarded since 1959. The award was given only to the album producer, and to the composer and lyricist who wrote at least 51% of the music which had not been recorded previously.\nFrom 2012, the award description is as follows: \"Award to the principle vocalist and the album producer of 51% or more playing time of the album. The lyricist and composer of a new score are eligible for an Award if they have written and/or composed a new score which comprises 51% or more playing time of the album.\"\nYears reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were handed out, for music released in the previous year. As of 2008, the current eligibility year is defined by the Recording Academy as beginning October 1, and ending the following September 30. Awards are given in February following the eligibility period.
/m/09jw2	Glam rock is a style of rock and pop music that developed in the United Kingdom in the early 1970s, which was performed by singers and musicians who wore outrageous clothes, makeup and hairstyles, particularly platform-soled boots and glitter. The flamboyant costumes and visual styles of glam performers were often camp or androgynous, and have been connected with new views of gender roles.\nGlam rock peaked during the mid-1970s with artists including T. Rex, David Bowie, Sweet, Roxy Music and Gary Glitter in the UK and New York Dolls, Lou Reed and Jobriath in the US. It declined after 1976, but had a major influence on genres including punk, glam metal, New Romantics and gothic rock and has sporadically revived since the 1990s.
/m/04b4yg	The Sierra Leone national football team is the national team of the Republic of Sierra Leone was controlled by the Sierra Leone Football Association, The team is affiliated to the West African Football Union of CAF and they have never qualified for the World Cup.
/m/07bsj	Tiffani Amber Thiessen is an American actress. She is known for playing Kelly Kapowski in Saved by the Bell and Valerie Malone in Beverly Hills, 90210. She also starred in Fastlane as Wilhelmina 'Billie' Chambers. Her most recent recurring role is as Elizabeth Burke in the USA Network television series White Collar. After many years of going by her full name, she dropped her middle name and is now credited as simply Tiffani Thiessen.
/m/0kxf1	Battleground is a 1949 American war film that tells the story of a company in the 327th Glider Infantry Regiment, 101st Airborne Division trying to cope with the Siege of Bastogne during the Battle of the Bulge in World War II. It stars Van Johnson, John Hodiak, Ricardo Montalban and George Murphy, and features James Whitmore. It was directed by William Wellman from a script by Robert Pirosh.\nThe film is notable for portraying American soldiers as vulnerable and human, as opposed to just inspirational and gung-ho. While there is no question about their courage and steadfastness, each soldier has at least one moment in the film when he seriously considers running away, schemes to get sent away from the front line, slacks off, or complains about the situation he is in. Battleground is considered to be the first significant film about World War II to be made and released after the end of the war.
/m/03mp37	Fußballklub Austria Wien is an Austrian association football club from the capital city of Vienna. The club have won 24 Austrian Bundesliga titles, surpassed only by their cross-city rivals SK Rapid Wien. With 27 victories in the Austrian Cup and six in the Austrian Supercup, Austria Wien is the most successful club in each of those tournaments. The club reached the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup final in 1978, and the semi-finals of the European Cup the season after.
/m/0d6d2	Paul Leonard Newman was an American actor, film director, entrepreneur, humanitarian, professional racing driver, auto racing team owner and auto racing enthusiast. He won numerous awards, including an Academy Award for best actor for his performance in the 1986 Martin Scorsese film The Color of Money and eight other nominations, six Golden Globe Awards, a BAFTA Award, a Screen Actors Guild Award, a Cannes Film Festival Award, an Emmy Award, and many honorary awards. He also won several national championships as a driver in Sports Car Club of America road racing, and his race teams won several championships in open wheel IndyCar racing.\nNewman was a co-founder of Newman's Own, a food company from which Newman donated all post-tax profits and royalties to charity. As of 2013, these donations exceeded US$380 million. He also founded the SeriousFun Children's Network, a global family of camps and programs for children with serious illness which has served 290,076 children since 1988.
/m/033jj1	Sean Patrick Hayes is an American actor, comedian, and producer. He is known for his role as Jack McFarland in the NBC sitcom Will & Grace, for which he won an Emmy Award, four SAG Awards, one American Comedy Award, and six Golden Globe nominations. He also portrayed comedian Jerry Lewis in the made-for-TV film Martin and Lewis.
/m/0bx0lc	Charlie Thomas Cox is an English actor best known for his starring role as Tristan Thorn in Stardust and more recently for his supporting role in the second and third seasons of HBO's Boardwalk Empire.
/m/0bdxs5	Miley Ray Cyrus is an American actress and recording artist. The daughter of country singer Billy Ray Cyrus, she held minor roles in the television series Doc and the film Big Fish in her childhood. In 2006, Cyrus rose to prominence as a teen idol after being cast in the Disney Channel television series Hannah Montana, in which she portrayed the starring character Miley Stewart. After signing a recording contract with Hollywood Records in 2007, Cyrus released her debut studio album Meet Miley Cyrus. It was certified quadruple-platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America for exceeding four million shipments, and produced the hit single \"See You Again\". In 2008, Cyrus released her second album Breakout, which featured the successful track \"7 Things\", and launched her film career as the voice actress in the animated film Bolt. In 2009, Cyrus starred in the feature film Hannah Montana: The Movie, whose soundtrack produced the hit single \"The Climb\".\nCyrus developed a maturing image with her extended play The Time of Our Lives, which featured the successful track \"Party in the U.S.A.\". The transition continued with her third album Can't Be Tamed; however, it made little commercial impact and became the lowest-selling record of her career. Later that year, Cyrus starred in the coming-of-age film The Last Song. During its production, she was involved in an on-again, off-again relationship with her co-star Liam Hemsworth; the couple ultimately separated after ending their year-long engagement in 2013. Cyrus focused on her acting career with several television and film appearances throughout 2011 and 2012. Cyrus later signed a recording contract with RCA Records, and generated controversy by cultivating a sexually explicit public image while promoting her fourth studio album Bangerz. Its singles \"We Can't Stop\" and \"Wrecking Ball\" were promoted with provocative music videos; the latter became her first number-one hit on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100.
/m/0d_kd	Suffolk County is a suburban county located in the U.S. state of New York. Making up the central and eastern portion of Long Island, it is the easternmost county in the state and part of the New York metropolitan area. Largely suburban, it is the fourth-most populous county in the state, with 1,493,350 people as of the 2010 census. It was named after the county of Suffolk in England, from where its earliest settlers came. The largest of Long Island's four counties, and the second-largest of 62 in the state, it measures 86 miles in length and 26 miles in width at its widest. Its county seat is Riverhead, though many county offices are in Hauppauge on the west side of the county where most of the population lives. There are also offices in Smithtown, for the legislature, Yaphank, and Farmingville.\nSuffolk and Nassau counties together are generally referred to as \"Long Island\" by area residents — as distinct from the New York City boroughs of Queens and Brooklyn, which together make up the island's western end.
/m/05b2gsm	Patrizia von Brandenstein is an American production designer. She was the first woman to win an Academy Award for production design and has been nominated for two more in the category Best Art Direction. She has shown versatility in creating sets for both lavish historical films and glossy contemporary fare.\nShe was born in Arizona to German Russian emigrant parents. Her education abroad closed with two years as an apprentice at the famed Comédie Française. She started with the off-Broadway scene of 1960s New York at the Actors Studio and La MaMa as a seamstress, prop maker and scene painter. 1966 saw the real start of her career in design with an eight-year stay creating costumes and sets at the American Conservatory Theater in San Francisco under William Ball. She also met future husband and fellow production designer Stuart Wurtzel. She has designed movies in a wide range of subjects, styles, and periods: from the low-budget, break-dancing musical Beat Street to the expensive plutonium-plant melodrama Silkwood.\nDirector Neil Burger, in his DVD commentary for Limitless, singles out von Brandenstein for her excellent work on the film.
/m/01d_h8	Film producers prepare and then supervise the making of a film before presenting the product to a financing entity or a film distributor. They might be employed by a production company or be independent, yet either way they help the creative people as well as the accounting personnel.
/m/01jz6d	LeBron Raymone James, nicknamed \"King James\", is an American professional basketball player for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association. Standing at 6 ft 8 in and weighing 250 lb, he has played the small forward and power forward positions. James has won two NBA championships, four NBA Most Valuable Player Awards, two NBA Finals MVP Awards, two Olympic gold medals, an NBA scoring title, and the NBA Rookie of the Year Award. He has also been selected to ten NBA All-Star teams, nine All-NBA teams, and five All-Defensive teams, and is the Cleveland Cavaliers' all-time leading scorer.\nJames played high school basketball at St. Vincent–St. Mary High School in his hometown of Akron, Ohio, where he was highly promoted in the national media as a future NBA superstar. After graduating, he was selected with the first overall pick in the 2003 NBA Draft by the Cavaliers. James led Cleveland to the franchise's first Finals appearance in 2007, losing to the San Antonio Spurs in a sweep. In 2010, he left the Cavaliers for the Heat in a highly publicized free agency period. In his first season in Miami, the Heat reached the Finals but lost to the Dallas Mavericks. James won his first championship in 2012 when Miami defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder, being named the Finals MVP Award for his play. In 2013, he led the Heat on a 27-game winning streak, the second longest in league history. Miami also won their second consecutive title and he repeated as Finals MVP. His career achievements and leadership role during Miami's 2012 and 2013 championship runs have led many basketball analysts to consider him the best player in the NBA today.
/m/01jz6x	Gerald Isaac \"Jerry\" Stiller is an American comedian and actor.\nHe spent many years in the comedy team Stiller and Meara with his wife, Anne Meara. Stiller and Meara are the parents of actor Ben Stiller and actress Amy Stiller.\nJerry is best known for his recurring role as Frank Costanza on the television series Seinfeld, and his supporting role as Arthur Spooner on the television series The King of Queens.
/m/04g_wd	James Wong was a Cantopop lyricist and writer based primarily in Hong Kong. Beginning from the 1960s, he was the lyricist for over 2,000 songs, collaborating with composer Joseph Koo on many popular television theme songs, many of which have become classics of the genre. His work propelled Cantopop to unprecedented popularity.\nHe was also a well known in Asia as a columnist, actor, film director, screenwriter, and talk show hosts. He took part in creative directing positions within the entertainment industry in Hong Kong.\nWong died of lung cancer after a four-year battle at the age of 64 in 24 November 2004 at 00:46.
/m/0b7gxq	Aaron Shure is a TV writer/producer and two-time Emmy winner. Shure was an executive producer of Everybody Loves Raymond for which he won two Emmy awards in the \"Outstanding Comedy Series\" category. He was a consulting producer and writer for the HBO sitcom Lucky Louie, a consulting producer and writer for The New Adventures of Old Christine, and he is currently a co-executive producer and writer for The Office on NBC. He sometimes blogs on the Huffington Post.\nBorn in Colorado, Shure has had a varied career, logging hours as a karaoke host, street performer, stand-up comedian, radio commentator and circus clown. His early years in theater were spent at SAK Comedy Lab as an improviser.\nHe has appeared on Late Show with David Letterman during a \"Stupid Human Tricks\" segment. He set a mouse trap off on his tongue.\nShure is the creator of the television series Dirty Work.
/m/0cqt90	Donald John Trump, Sr. is an American business magnate, investor, television personality and author. He is the chairman and president of The Trump Organization and the founder of Trump Entertainment Resorts. Trump's extravagant lifestyle, outspoken manner, and role on the NBC reality show The Apprentice have made him a well-known celebrity who was No. 17 on the 2011 Forbes Celebrity 100 list.\nConsidered one of best known real estate entrepreneurs in the United States, Trump is the son of Fred Trump, a wealthy New York City real-estate developer. He worked for his father's firm, Elizabeth Trump & Son, while attending the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, and in 1968 officially joined the company. He was given control of the company in 1971 and renamed it The Trump Organization.\nIn 2010, Trump expressed an interest in becoming a candidate for President of the United States in the 2012 election, though in May 2011, he announced he would not be a candidate. Trump was a featured speaker at the 2013 Conservative Political Action Conference. In 2013, Trump spent over $1 million to research a possible run for president of the United States in 2016.
/m/03d6wsd	Suresh Oberoi is an Indian character actor. He is the father of Bollywood actor Vivek Oberoi. He was born in Quetta, now Pakistan. and is a recipient of 1987 National Film Award for Best Supporting Actor. After Partition of India his parents Anand Sarup Oberoi and Kartar Devi fled to Amritsar and then to Hyderabad.\nHe has made over 135 films. He recited few couplets in the song \"Dil Mein Phir Aaj Teri\" with Anuradha Paudwal for film Yaadon Ka Mausam.\nIn addition to acting and singing, he was also the host of the show Jeena Isi Ka Naam Hai on Zee TV for his clear voice and diction. Besides all of above, he writes \"romantic and philosophical poetry\".
/m/09mfvx	ThinkFilm was a U.S. film distribution company founded in September 2001. It had been a division of David Bergstein’s Capitol Films since 2006. On October 5, 2010, five of Bergstein's companies in the film industry - Capitol Films, ThinkFilm, R2D2, CT-1, and Capco - were forced into Chapter 11 bankruptcy by a group of creditors led by the Aramid Entertainment film investment fund. This led to a Hollywood legal battle between Bergstein, his financial partner, Ronald Tudor, the creditors, various lawyers and various companies in the industry.\nThinkFilm distributed a number of award-winning independent films on the US market, such as Taxi to the Dark Side, which won 2007 Best Documentary Feature; Half Nelson, whose star, Ryan Gosling, received a 2006 Oscar Best Actor nomination; and Born into Brothels, which won the 2005 Oscar for Best Documentary. Other nominated films include Spellbound, The Story of the Weeping Camel, Murderball and War/Dance.
/m/0mbx4	The term child actor or child actress is generally applied to a child acting on stage or in motion pictures or television, but also to an adult who began his or her acting career as a child; to avoid confusion, the latter is also called a former child actor. Closely associated is teenage actor or teen actor, an actor who reached popularity as a teenager. A notable child actor is Haley Joel Osment as well as child actress Shirley Temple.
/m/02q3bb	Jorja-An Fox is an American actress, musician and songwriter. She first came to prominence as a recurring guest star on the television medical drama ER, portraying the recurring role of Dr. Maggie Doyle from 1996 to 1999. This was followed by another critical success in the recurring role of Secret Service Agent Gina Toscano on The West Wing in 2000. She has played Sara Sidle in the police procedural drama CSI: Crime Scene Investigation, both as a regular and recurring cast member.
/m/032v0v	Roland Emmerich is a German film director, screenwriter, and producer. His films, most of which are Hollywood productions filmed in English, have grossed more than $3 billion worldwide. His films have grossed just over $1 billion in the United States, making him the country's 14th-highest grossing director of all time. He began his work in the film industry by directing the film The Noah's Ark Principle as part of his university thesis and also co-founded Centropolis Entertainment in 1985 with his sister. He is a collector of art and an active campaigner for the LGBT community, himself being openly gay. He is also a campaigner for an awareness of global warming and equal rights.
/m/0bqyhk	St George's Chapel is the place of worship at Windsor Castle in England, United Kingdom. It is both a royal peculiar and the chapel of the Order of the Garter. The chapel is governed by the Dean and Canons of Windsor.\nThe chapel is located in the Lower Ward of the castle, which is one of the principal residences of Queen Elizabeth II.\nThe day to day running of the chapel is the responsibility of the religious College of St George, which is directed by a chapter of the dean and four canons, assisted by a clerk, virger and other staffers. The Society of the Friends of St George's and Descendants of the Knights of the Garter, a registered charity, was established in 1931 to assist the College in maintaining the chapel.
/m/01_bmf	The Union Army was the land force that fought for the Union during the American Civil War. It consisted of the small United States Army, augmented by massive numbers of units supplied by the Northern states, composed of volunteers as well as conscripts. The Union Army fought and eventually defeated the smaller Confederate States Army during the war, which lasted from 1861 to 1865. About 360,000 died from all causes; some 280,000 were wounded.
/m/07fr_	The Turks and Caicos Islands; are a British Overseas Territory consisting of the larger Caicos Islands and smaller Turks Islands, two groups of tropical islands in the Lucayan Archipelago, part of the larger Antilles island grouping. They are known primarily for tourism and as an offshore financial centre. The total population is about 31,500, of whom 23,769 live on Providenciales in the Caicos Islands.\nThe Turks and Caicos Islands lie southeast of Mayaguana in the Bahamas island chain and north of the island of Hispaniola. Cockburn Town, the capital since 1766, is situated on Grand Turk Island about 1,042 kilometres east-southeast of Miami, United States. The islands have a total land area of 430 square kilometres. They are geographically contiguous with the Bahamas, but are politically separate.\nThe first recorded sighting of the islands now known as the Turks and Caicos occurred in 1512. In the subsequent centuries, the islands were claimed by several European powers with the British Empire eventually gaining control. For many years the islands were governed indirectly through Bermuda, the Bahamas, and Jamaica. When the Bahamas gained independence in 1973, the islands received their own governor and have remained a separate autonomous British Overseas Territory since. In August 2009, the United Kingdom suspended the Turks and Caicos Islands' self-government after allegations of ministerial corruption. Home rule was restored in the islands after the November 2012 elections.
/m/06m61	Roy Kelton Orbison, also known by the nickname The Big O, was an American singer-songwriter, best known for his distinctive, powerful voice, complex compositions, and dark emotional ballads. Orbison grew up in Texas and began singing in a rockabilly/country and western band in high school until he was signed by Sun Records in Memphis. His greatest success came with Monument Records between 1960 and 1964, when 22 of his songs placed on the Billboard Top Forty, including \"Only the Lonely\", \"Crying\", and \"Oh, Pretty Woman\". His career stagnated through the 1970s, but several covers of his songs and the use of \"In Dreams\" in David Lynch's film Blue Velvet revived his career. In 1988, he joined the supergroup Traveling Wilburys with George Harrison, Bob Dylan, Tom Petty, and Jeff Lynne and also released a new solo album. He died of a heart attack in December that year, at the zenith of his resurgence. His life was marred by tragedy, including the death of his first wife and his two eldest sons in separate accidents.\nOrbison was a natural baritone, but music scholars have suggested that he had a three- or four-octave range. The combination of Orbison's powerful, impassioned voice and complex musical arrangements led many critics to refer to his music as operatic, giving him the sobriquet \"the Caruso of Rock\". Elvis Presley and Bono have stated his voice was, respectively, the greatest and most distinctive they had ever heard. While most male performers in rock and roll in the 1950s and '60s projected a defiant masculinity, many of Orbison's songs instead conveyed a quiet, desperate vulnerability. He was known for performing while standing still and solitary and for wearing black clothes and dark sunglasses, which lent an air of mystery to his persona.
/m/06_9lg	Life Insurance Corporation of India is an Indian state-owned insurance group and investment company headquartered in Mumbai. It is the largest insurance company in India with an estimated asset value of 1560481.84 crore. As of 2013 it had total life fund of Rs.1433103.14 crore with total value of policies sold of 367.82 lakh that year.\nThe company was founded in 1956 when the Parliament of India passed the Life Insurance of India Act that nationalised the private insurance industry in India. Over 245 insurance companies and provident societies were merged to create the state owned Life Insurance Corporation.
/m/0b9dmk	Carrie Preston is an American film and television actress, producer and director. Her husband is actor Michael Emerson, and her brother is actor John G. Preston. She is known for her work on the television series True Blood and Person of Interest, as well as The Good Wife, which earned her the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Drama Series.
/m/02fy0z	Ohio University is a major U.S. public research university located on a 1,850-acre campus in Athens, Ohio, United States. Founded in 1804, it was the first university established in the former Northwest Territory and Ohio, and is the ninth oldest public university in the United States. The Athens campus enrolls more than 21,000 students, who come from nearly every state and approximately 100 nations. Five regional campuses and e-learning programs further extend educational access and opportunity to students across southern Ohio and bring the total student population to more than 35,000.\nOhio University maintains a selective admission rate of 72%, with further admission requirements to its competitive Colleges of Communications and Engineering. The Ohio University Heritage College of Osteopathic Medicine maintains its own select admissions criteria. Ohio University offers more than 250 areas of undergraduate study. On the graduate level, the University grants master’s and Ph.D. degrees in many of its major academic divisions and doctoral degrees in selected departments. Ohio University is fully accredited by the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools. Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching classifications designate Ohio University as a Research University under the Basic Classification category. The university was designated a center of excellence for energy and environment in 2009, and health and wellness, and communication in 2010.
/m/0dl4z	Following the outbreak of World War I in 1914, the German Army opened the Western Front by first invading Luxembourg and Belgium, then gaining military control of important industrial regions in France. The tide of the advance was dramatically turned with the Battle of the Marne. Following the race to the sea, both sides dug in along a meandering line of fortified trenches, stretching from the North Sea to the Swiss frontier with France. This line remained essentially unchanged for most of the war.\nBetween 1915 and 1917 there were several major offensives along this front. The attacks employed massive artillery bombardments and massed infantry advances. However, a combination of entrenchments, machine gun nests, barbed wire, and artillery repeatedly inflicted severe casualties on the attackers and counterattacking defenders. As a result, no significant advances were made. Among the most costly of these offensives were the Battle of Verdun with a combined 700,000 dead [estimated], the Battle of the Somme with more than a million casualties [estimated], and the Battle of Passchendaele with roughly 600,000 casualties [estimated].\nIn an effort to break the deadlock, this front saw the introduction of new military technology, including poison gas, aircraft and tanks. But it was only after the adoption of improved tactics that some degree of mobility was restored. The German Spring Offensive of 1918 was made possible by the Treaty of Brest-Litovsk that marked the end of the conflict on the Eastern Front. Using the recently introduced infiltration tactics, the German armies advanced nearly 60 miles to the west, which marked the deepest advance by either side since 1914 and very nearly succeeded in forcing a breakthrough.
/m/01r3w7	Fairleigh Dickinson University is a private, coeducational and nonsectarian university founded in 1942. Fairleigh Dickinson University is the first American university to own and operate an international campus and currently offers more than 100 individual degree programs to its students. The school has four campuses, two in New Jersey, and one each in Canada and in the United Kingdom.\nFairleigh Dickinson University is New Jersey's largest private institution of higher education with 12,000+ students. The university has two campuses in New Jersey: the College at Florham in Madison and Florham Park, which is on the former estate of Florence Vanderbilt and Hamilton Twombly, and the Metropolitan Campus, close to New York City and spanning the Hackensack River in Teaneck and Hackensack.\nIt also has two international campuses. Wroxton College is in Banbury, Oxfordshire, England. FDU-Vancouver, in Yaletown, Downtown Vancouver, British Columbia opened in 2007.
/m/01nms7	Jena Malone is an American actress and musician. She made her movie debut with the film Bastard Out of Carolina and has appeared in films including Ellen Foster, Contact, Stepmom, Donnie Darko, Saved!, Pride & Prejudice, Into the Wild, The Ruins, Sucker Punch and The Hunger Games: Catching Fire. Malone is also an experimental musician who has released music both under her own name and as \"The Shoe\".
/m/07sqhm	Konyaspor is a professional Turkish football club based in Konya. Konyaspor currently play in the Süper Lig. The club was founded in 1922 but then reformed in 1981. The club colours are green and white and they play their home games at Konya Atatürk Stadium.
/m/01_p6t	Antonia \"Toni\" Collette is an Australian actress and musician, known for her acting work on stage, television and film as well as a secondary career as the lead singer of the band Toni Collette & the Finish.\nCollette's acting career began in the early 1990s with comedic roles in films such as Spotswood aka The Efficiency Expert and Muriel's Wedding, for which she was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress. Following her performances in Emma and The Boys, Collette achieved international recognition as a result of her Academy Award-nominated portrayal of Lynn Sear in The Sixth Sense. She has appeared in thrillers such as Shaft and Changing Lanes and independent comedy films like About a Boy, Connie and Carla, In Her Shoes and Little Miss Sunshine. In 2012 she appeared in the films Hitchcock and Mental.\nIn 2009, she began playing the lead role in the television series United States of Tara, for which she won a Primetime Emmy Award and a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Television Series Musical or Comedy in 2010. Collette, as of 2013, stars as Ellen Sanders in the US television drama Hostages.
/m/0187wh	The WB Television Network was a former broadcast and internet television network in the United States, that in its original television incarnation was launched on January 11, 1995 as a joint venture between the Warner Bros. Entertainment division of Time Warner and the Tribune Broadcasting division of the Tribune Company, with the former acting as controlling partner. On January 24, 2006, CBS Corporation and Warner Bros. Entertainment announced plans to shut down the network and launch The CW later that same year. The WB Television Network shut down on September 17, 2006, and merged with UPN to form The CW.\nAs a television network, it aired programs targeting mostly teenagers and young adults, with the exception of its Saturday morning lineup of shows called Kids' WB, which was geared towards children. It was relaunched as an online network on April 28, 2008 by Time Warner. The website allowed users to watch shows of the former television network, as well as original programming and shows formerly hosted on the now-defunct In2TV service. In late 2013, the website was discontinued. It now redirects to a website called Warner Bros. Television Media to Go, a promotional website for programs made by Warner Bros. Television. The website could only be accessed within the United States.
/m/04knq3	The California Department of Parks and Recreation, also known as California State Parks, manages the California state parks system. The system administers 280 separate park units on 1.4 million acres, with over 280 miles of coastline; 625 miles of lake and river frontage; nearly 15,000 campsites; and 3,000 miles of hiking, biking, and equestrian trails. Headquartered in Sacramento, park administration is divided into 25 districts. The California State Parks system is the largest state park system in the United States.
/m/0b6mgp_	Gary Summers is an American sound re-recording mixer.\nHe has done the sound re-recording on a number of blockbuster motion pictures including Avatar, Titanic, Terminator 2, Saving Private Ryan, Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen and Jurassic Park. Summers has won four Oscar's, an Emmy Award, two BAFTA awards and three C.A.S. Awards.\np action=doc&p docid=0EAFEE4668ECE8A2&p docnum=1&s dlid=DL0110012910284413157&s ecproduct=SUB-FREE&s ecprodtype=INSTANT&s trackval=GooglePM&s siteloc=&s referrer=&s subterm=Subscription%20until:%2012/14/2015%2011:59%20PM&s docsbal=%20&s subexpires=12/14/2015%2011:59%20PM&s docstart=&s docsleft=&s docsread=&s username=santarosa&s accountid=AC0105061516020614723&s upgradeable=no The Press Democrat - 1999]</ref> He got his start working on The Empire Strikes Back and began a twenty-year stretch working for the Skywalker Sound division of George Lucas's Lucas Digital in Marin County, California.
/m/02r9qt	Since its inception in 1954, Sports Illustrated magazine has annually presented the \"Sportsman of the Year\" award to \"the athlete or team whose performance that year most embodies the spirit of sportsmanship and achievement.\" Both Americans and non-Americans are eligible, though in the past the vast majority of winners have been from the United States. Both men and women have won the award, it being renamed as \"Sportswoman\" or \"Sportswomen,\" such as 1999 when the U.S. Women's Soccer Team was named Sportswomen of the Year.
/m/0bvfqq	The 78th Academy Awards honored the best films of 2005 and were held on March 5, 2006, at the Kodak Theatre in Hollywood, California. They were hosted by The Daily Show host Jon Stewart, with Tom Kane making his first appearance as the show's announcer. The ceremony was pushed back from its newly established February date because of the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin, Italy.\nThe nominees were announced on January 31 at 5:38 a.m. PST by Academy president Sid Ganis and actress Mira Sorvino, at the Samuel Goldwyn Theater in the Academy's Beverly Hills headquarters.\nAng Lee's drama Brokeback Mountain had the most nominations of the year's films, receiving eight. Paul Haggis' Crash, George Clooney's Good Night, and Good Luck, and Rob Marshall's Memoirs of a Geisha each received six nominations.\nThe ceremony was remembered by many insiders and film critics for its nominations of independently financed, low-budget films. In addition, the subject matter of the nominated films focused on controversial political and social themes, such as racial relations and racism, homosexuality, transsexuality, McCarthyism, terrorism, assassination and petroleum politics.
/m/0170qf	Ralph Nathaniel Twisleton-Wykeham-Fiennes, is an English actor. A noted Shakespeare interpreter, he first achieved success onstage at the Royal National Theatre.\nFiennes' portrayal of Nazi war criminal Amon Goeth in Schindler's List earned him a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor and the Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor, and won the BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Supporting Role. His performance as Count Almásy in The English Patient garnered him a second Academy Award nomination, for Best Actor, as well as BAFTA and Golden Globe nominations.\nSince then, Fiennes has been in The End of the Affair, Red Dragon, The Constant Gardener, the Harry Potter film series, in which he played Lord Voldemort, The Reader, and Clash of the Titans. In 2012, Fiennes played Gareth Mallory and later M in the James Bond film Skyfall and Magwitch in Great Expectations.\nIn 2011, Fiennes made his directorial debut with his film adaptation of Shakespeare's tragedy Coriolanus, in which he also played the title character. Fiennes won a Tony Award for playing Prince Hamlet on Broadway.
/m/0_92w	Unforgiven is a 1992 American Western film produced and directed by Clint Eastwood with a screenplay written by David Webb Peoples. The film portrays William Munny, an aging outlaw and killer who takes on one more job years after he had turned to farming. A dark Western that deals frankly with the uglier aspects of violence and the myth of the Old West, it stars Eastwood in the lead role, with Gene Hackman, Morgan Freeman, and Richard Harris. Eastwood has stated that the film will be his final Western film.\nEastwood dedicated the movie to deceased directors and mentors Don Siegel and Sergio Leone. The film won four Academy Awards: Best Picture and Best Director for Clint Eastwood, Best Supporting Actor for Gene Hackman, and Best Film Editing for editor Joel Cox. Eastwood was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor for his performance, but he lost to Al Pacino for Scent of a Woman. In 2004, Unforgiven was added to the United States National Film Registry as being deemed \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant\".\nThe film was the third Western to win the Oscar for Best Picture, following Cimarron and Dances With Wolves.
/m/015fs3	Western Michigan University is a public university located in Kalamazoo, Michigan, United States. The university was established in 1903 by Dwight B. Waldo, and as of the Fall 2013 semester, its enrollment is 24,294.\nWMU has one of the largest aviation programs in the United States, and it is the site of the annual International Congress on Medieval Studies. The university's athletic teams compete in Division I of the NCAA and are collectively known as the Western Michigan Broncos. They compete in the Mid-American Conference for most sports.
/m/02bb47	The Stanford Graduate School of Business is one of the professional schools of Stanford University, in Stanford, California.\nStanford GSB offers a general management Master of Business Administration degree, the MSx Program and a Ph.D. program, along with a number of joint degrees with other schools at Stanford University including Earth Sciences, Education, Engineering, Law and Medicine. Stanford is the #1 ranked business school in the United States by U.S. News & World Report.
/m/0p9qb	Sir Reginald Carey \"Rex\" Harrison MBE was an English actor of stage and screen.\nHarrison began his career on the stage in 1924. He won his first Tony Award for his performance as Henry VIII in Anne of the Thousand Days in 1949. He won his second Tony for the role of Professor Henry Higgins in the stage production of My Fair Lady in 1957. He reprised the role for the 1964 film version, which earned him a Golden Globe Award and Best Actor Oscar.\nIn addition to his stage career, Harrison also appeared in numerous films, including Anna and the King of Siam, The Ghost and Mrs. Muir, Cleopatra, and Doctor Dolittle. In July 1989, Harrison was knighted by Queen Elizabeth II.\nIn 1975, Harrison released his first autobiography. His second, A Damned Serious Business: My Life in Comedy, was published posthumously in 1991.\nHarrison was married a total of six times and had two sons: Noel and Carey Harrison. He continued working in stage productions until shortly before his death from pancreatic cancer in June 1990 at the age of 82.
/m/05mgj0	The UK Film Council was a non-departmental public body set up in 2000 by the Labour Government to develop and promote the film industry in the UK. It was constituted as a private company limited by guarantee governed by a board of 15 directors and was funded through sources including the National Lottery. John Woodward was the Chief Executive Officer of the UKFC. As at 30 June 2008, the company had 90 full-time members of staff. It distributed more than £160m of lottery money to over 900 films. Lord Puttnam described the Council as \"a layer of strategic glue that's helped bind the many parts of our disparate industry together.\"\nOn 26 July 2010 the Conservative – Liberal Democrat coalition announced that the council would be abolished; Woodward said that the decision had been taken with \"no notice and no consultation\". UKFC closed on 31 March 2011, with many of its functions passing to the British Film Institute.
/m/0fp_v1x	Stewart Armstrong Copeland is an American musician, multi-instrumentalist and composer best known as the drummer for the band The Police and for his film music soundtracks. He has also written various pieces of music for ballet, opera and orchestra. Copeland was ranked by a Rolling Stone magazine reader poll in 2010 as the fifth greatest drummer of all time.
/m/0qmd5	The Elephant Man is a 1980 film about Joseph Merrick, a severely deformed man in 19th century London. The film was directed by David Lynch and stars John Hurt, Anthony Hopkins, Anne Bancroft, John Gielgud, Wendy Hiller, Michael Elphick, Hannah Gordon and Freddie Jones.\nThe screenplay was adapted by Lynch, Christopher De Vore and Eric Bergren from Frederick Treves’s The Elephant Man and Other Reminiscences and Ashley Montagu’s The Elephant Man: A Study in Human Dignity. It was shot in black and white.\nThe Elephant Man was a critical and commercial success with eight Oscar nominations, including Best Picture, Best Director, Best Adapted Screenplay and Best Actor. When Christopher Tucker made and applied the make-up and prosthetics to Hurt, the Academy was scolded for failing to honour his work, prompting them to create the Academy Award for Best Makeup and Hairstyling. The film also won the BAFTA Awards for Best Film, Best Actor and Best Production Design.
/m/02pz3j5	The Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series is an award presented annually by the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences and Academy of Television Arts & Sciences. It was first awarded at the 1st Daytime Emmy Awards ceremony in 1974 and is given to honor an actress who has delivered an outstanding performance in a leading role while working within the daytime drama industry. The award has undergone several name changes, originally honoring actresses in leading and supporting roles. Following the introduction of a new category in 1979, Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series, the award's name was altered to Outstanding Actress in a Daytime Drama Series before changing once again, to its current title, years later. The awards ceremony was not aired on television in 1983 and 1984, having been criticized for voting integrity. In 1985, another category was introduced, Outstanding Younger Actress in a Drama Series, one criterion for this category was altered, requiring all actresses to be aged 26 or above.\nHeather Tom is the 2013 recipient of the award for her portrayal of Katie Logan Spencer on The Bold and the Beautiful. One Life to Live is the show with the most awarded actresses, with a total of eleven. In 1995, Erika Slezak became the actress with the most wins in the category when she won a fourth time, surpassing Helen Gallagher's previous record of three; Slezak went on to win in two additional years, ultimately receiving six wins. Susan Flannery and Kim Zimmer have since received four wins each. Susan Lucci has been nominated on 21 occasions, more than any other actress.
/m/01x6jd	Elizabeth Ann Perkins is an American actress. Her film roles have included Big, The Flintstones, Miracle on 34th Street, About Last Night..., and Avalon. She is known for her role as Celia Hodes in the critically acclaimed Showtime TV series Weeds.
/m/0nvvw	Champaign County is a county located in the U.S. state of Illinois. According to the 2010 census, it has a population of 201,081, which is an increase of 11.9% from 179,669 in 2000. It is the 10th most populous county in Illinois. Its county seat is Urbana.\nChampaign County is part of the Champaign–Urbana Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/017gry	Essen is a city in the central part of the Ruhr area in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. Located on the River Ruhr, its population of approximately 567,000 makes it the 9th-largest city in Germany. For the year 2010, Essen was the European Capital of Culture on behalf of the whole Ruhr area.\nFounded around 845 and historically linked to the centuries-old Krupp family iron works, Essen was one of Germany's most important coal and steel centres until the 1970s and attracted workers from all over the country; it was the 5th-largest city in Germany between 1929 and 1988, peaking at over 730,000 inhabitants in 1962. The city has since developed a strong tertiary sector of the economy, so it is sometimes called \"desk of the Ruhr area\". Essen is home to 13 of the 100 largest German corporations and seat to several of the region's authorities.\nIn 1958, the city was chosen to serve as the seat to a Roman Catholic diocese. In early 2003, the universities of Essen and the nearby city of Duisburg were merged into the University of Duisburg-Essen with campuses in both cities and a university hospital in Essen.
/m/01tlrp	Enix Corporation was a Japanese company that produced video games, anime and manga. The company was founded by Yasuhiro Fukushima on September 22, 1975 as Eidansha Boshu Service Center and renamed Enix in 1982. The name is a play on the words \"phoenix\", a mythical bird that is reborn from its own ashes, and \"ENIAC\", the world's first digital computer.\nEnix is perhaps best known for publishing the Dragon Quest series of role-playing video games. The company merged with Square in 2003 to become Square Enix.
/m/03xj1	Impressionism is a 19th-century art movement that originated with a group of Paris-based artists. Their independent exhibitions brought them to prominence during the 1870s and 1880s, in spite of harsh opposition from the conventional art community in France. The name of the style derives from the title of a Claude Monet work, Impression, soleil levant, which provoked the critic Louis Leroy to coin the term in a satirical review published in the Parisian newspaper Le Charivari.\nImpressionist painting characteristics include relatively small, thin, yet visible brush strokes, open composition, emphasis on accurate depiction of light in its changing qualities, ordinary subject matter, inclusion of movement as a crucial element of human perception and experience, and unusual visual angles. The development of Impressionism in the visual arts was soon followed by analogous styles in other media that became known as impressionist music and impressionist literature.
/m/0n57k	Warren County is a county located in the U.S. state of New Jersey. As of the 2010 United States Census, the population was 108,692, having increased by 6,255 from 102,437 counted at the 2000 Census, retaining its position as the 19th-most populous county in the state. Its county seat is Belvidere. It is part of the Allentown-Bethlehem-Easton, PA-NJ metropolitan area and is generally considered the eastern border of the Lehigh Valley, and also shares its western border with the New York City Metropolitan Area, with its northwestern section bordering The Poconos. The most populous place was Phillipsburg, with 14,950 residents at the time of the 2010 Census, while Hardwick Township, covered 37.92 square miles, the largest total area of any municipality.\nWarren County was incorporated by an Act of the New Jersey Legislature on November 20, 1824, from portions of Sussex County. At its creation, the county consisted of the townships of Greenwich, Independence, Knowlton, Mansfield, Oxford, and Pahaquarry. The county was named for Joseph Warren, an American hero of the Battle of Bunker Hill.
/m/0sxkh	Kiss of the Spider Woman is a 1985 Brazilian-American drama film directed by Argentine-born Brazilian director Héctor Babenco, and adapted by Leonard Schrader from the Manuel Puig novel of the same name. William Hurt, Raúl Juliá, Sonia Braga, José Lewgoy, and Milton Gonçalves star in the leading roles.
/m/05xvj	The Philadelphia Phillies are a Major League Baseball team. They are the oldest continuous, one-name, one-city franchise in all of professional American sports, dating to 1883. The Phillies are a member of the Eastern Division of Major League Baseball's National League. Since 2004, the team's home has been Citizens Bank Park which is located in South Philadelphia.\nThe Phillies have won two World Series championships and seven National League pennants, the first of which came in 1915. The franchise has also experienced long periods of struggle. Once the modern World Series began in 1903, it took the Phillies 77 years from that point to win their first World Series—longer than any other of the 16 teams that made up the major leagues for the first half of the 20th century. The 77 years of drought is the fourth longest World Series drought in Major League Baseball history. The longevity of the franchise and its history of adversity have earned it the dubious distinction of having lost the most games of any team in the history of American professional sports. Notwithstanding the collectively poor performance over the years, the Phillies have performed much better in recent seasons, winning five consecutive division titles from 2007 through 2011.
/m/01cf93	Elektra Records is an American record label owned by Warner Music Group. In 2004, it was consolidated into WMG's Atlantic Records Group. After five years of dormancy, the label was revived as an imprint of Atlantic in 2009.
/m/0cj2k3	Gene Stupnitsky is a film and television writer. He usually works with Lee Eisenberg. He was born in Kyiv, Ukraine.
/m/0p_tz	Breaking Away is a 1979 American coming of age comedy-drama film that follows a group of four male teenagers in Bloomington, Indiana, who have recently graduated from high school. It stars Dennis Christopher, Dennis Quaid, Daniel Stern, Jackie Earle Haley, Barbara Barrie and Paul Dooley.\nThe film was written by Steve Tesich and directed by Peter Yates. It was shot in and around Bloomington and on the university's campus.\nBreaking Away won the 1979 Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay for Tesich, and received nominations in four other categories. It also won the 1979 Golden Globe Award for Best Film, and received nominations in three other Golden Globe categories.\nAs the film's young lead, Christopher won the 1979 BAFTA Award for Most Promising Newcomer and the 1979 Young Artist Award for Best Juvenile Actor, as well as garnering a Golden Globe nomination as New Star of the Year.\nThe film is ranked eighth on the List of America's 100 Most Inspiring Movies compiled by the American Film Institute in 2006. In June 2008, AFI announced its \"Ten top Ten\"—the best ten films in ten \"classic\" American film genres—after polling over 1,500 people from the creative community. Breaking Away was acknowledged as the eighth best film in the sports genre.
/m/0c5fr	The House of Bourbon is a European royal house of French origin, a branch of the Capetian dynasty. Bourbon kings first ruled Navarre and France in the 16th century. By the 18th century, members of the Bourbon dynasty also held thrones in Spain, Naples, Sicily, and Parma. Spain and Luxembourg currently have Bourbon monarchs.\nBourbon monarchs ruled Navarre and France until the 1792 overthrow of the monarchy during the French Revolution. Restored briefly in 1814 and definitively in 1815 after the fall of the First French Empire, the senior line of the Bourbons was finally overthrown in the July Revolution of 1830. A cadet branch, the House of Orléans, then ruled for 18 years, until it too was overthrown. The Princes of Condé were a cadet branch of the dukes of Vendômes and, in turn, were senior to the Princes of Conti both of which are now extinct.\nPhilip V of Spain was the first Bourbon of Spain. The Spanish Bourbons have been overthrown and restored several times, reigning 1700–1808, 1813–1868, 1875–1931, and 1975 to the present day. From this Spanish line comes the royal line of the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies, the Bourbon of the Two Sicilies family, and the Bourbon rulers of the Duchy of Parma.
/m/080dfr7	Resident Evil: Afterlife is a 2010 3D science fiction action horror film written and directed by Paul W. S. Anderson. It stars Milla Jovovich, Ali Larter, Kim Coates, Shawn Roberts, Spencer Locke, Boris Kodjoe, and Wentworth Miller. The film marks Anderson's second time to direct in the series, the first being the first installment. It is the first to be shot in 3D and fourth installment in the Resident Evil film series, which is based on the Capcom survival horror video game series of the same name.\nThe film follows Alice searching and rescuing the remaining survivors in Los Angeles after the T-virus outbreak, and teaming up against Albert Wesker, the head of the Umbrella Corporation. Chris Redfield, a primary character from the video games, was featured for the first time in the film franchise. Other characters from the games and films who returned are: Claire Redfield, Chris's sister who has lost her memory prior to the film's events; Albert Wesker, the film's primary antagonist; and Jill Valentine, who made a cameo appearance.\nIn May 2005, producers mentioned the possibility of following Extinction with a sequel titled Afterlife. Extinction was released in 2007 and was a box office success prompting Afterlife to begin development in June 2008, with the script being written by Anderson that December. Elements from the video game Resident Evil 5 were incorporated into the film. Filming took place in Toronto from September to December 2009 using the 3D Fusion Camera System.
/m/01z88t	Yemen, officially known as the Republic of Yemen, is an Arab country located in Western Asia, occupying the southwestern to southern end of the Arabian Peninsula. Yemen is the second largest country in the peninsula, occupying 527,970 km². The coastline stretches for about 2,000 km. It is bordered by Saudi Arabia to the north, the Red Sea to the west, the Gulf of Aden and Arabian Sea to the south, and Oman to the east. Its capital and largest city is Sana'a. Yemen's territory includes more than 200 islands. The largest of these is Socotra, which is situated about 354 km to the south of mainland Yemen. Geographically, Yemen stretches from the desert sands of the Rub' al Khali to mountain peaks 3,660 meters above sea levels, and drops back down to the coast of the Red Sea and the Gulf of Aden. The nation is separated from the Horn of Africa by the strait of Bab-el-Mandeb.\nYemen was home of the Sabaeans, a trading state that probably also encompassed parts of modern day Ethiopia, Eritrea and Djibouti, and that flourished for over a thousand years. In 275 AD, the region came under the rule of the later Jewish influenced Himyarite Kingdom. Christianity arrived in the 4th century AD whereas Judaism and local Paganism was already established. Islam spread quickly in 7th century and Yemenite troops were crucial in the expansion of the early Islamic conquests. Administration of Yemen has long been notoriously difficult. Several dynasties emerged from the 9th to 16th century, the Rasulid being the strongest and most prosperous. The country was divided between the Ottoman and British empires in the early 20th century. The Zaydi Mutawakkilite Kingdom of Yemen was established after World War I in North Yemen before the creation of Yemen Arab Republic in 1962. While South Yemen remained a British protectorate until 1967. The two Yemeni states united to form the modern republic of Yemen in 1990.
/m/0lyjf	The University of Miami is a private, non-sectarian university located in Coral Gables, Florida, United States. As of 2012, the university currently enrolls 15,613 students in 12 separate colleges, including a medical school located in Miami's Civic Center neighborhood, a law school on the main campus, and a school focused on the study of oceanography and atmospheric sciences on Virginia Key. These colleges offer approximately 115 undergraduate, 114 master's, 51 doctoral, and two professional areas of study. Over the years, the University's students have represented all 50 states and close to 150 foreign countries. With more than 13,000 full and part-time faculty and staff, UM is the sixth largest employer in Miami-Dade County.\nResearch is a component of each academic division, with UM attracting $346.6 million per year in sponsored research grants. UM offers a large library system with over 3.1 million volumes and exceptional holdings in Cuban heritage and music. UM also offers a wide range of student activities, including fraternities and sororities, a student newspaper and radio station. UM's intercollegiate athletic teams, collectively known as the Miami Hurricanes, compete in Division I of the National Collegiate Athletic Association, and its football team has won five national championships since 1983.
/m/01v3bn	Robert Taylor was an American film and television actor who was one of the most popular leading men of his time.\nTaylor began his career in films in 1934 when he signed with Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. He won his first leading role the following year in Magnificent Obsession. His popularity increased during the late 1930s and 1940s with appearances in A Yank at Oxford, Waterloo Bridge, and Bataan. During World War II, he served in the United States Naval Air Corps, where he worked as a flight instructor and appeared in instructional films. From 1959 to 1962, he starred in the ABC series The Detectives Starring Robert Taylor. In 1966, he took over hosting duties from his friend Ronald Reagan on the series Death Valley Days.\nTaylor was married to actress Barbara Stanwyck from 1939 to 1951. He married actress Ursula Thiess in 1954, with whom he had two children. A chain smoker, Taylor was diagnosed with lung cancer in October 1968. He died of the disease in June 1969 at the age of 57.
/m/05ws7	A police force is a constituted body of persons empowered by the state to enforce the law, protect property, and limit civil disorder. Their powers include the legitimized use of force. The term is most commonly associated with police services of a state that are authorized to exercise the police power of that state within a defined legal or territorial area of responsibility. Police forces are often defined as being separate from military or other organizations involved in the defense of the state against foreign aggressors; however, gendarmerie are military units charged with civil policing.\nLaw enforcement, however, constitutes only part of policing activity. Policing has included an array of activities in different situations, but the predominant ones are concerned with the preservation of order. In some societies, in the late 18th and early 19th centuries, these developed within the context of maintaining the class system and the protection of private property. Some parts of the world may suffer from police corruption. The police force is usually a public sector service, meaning they usually get paid by the taxpayer.\nAlternative names for police force include constabulary, gendarmerie, police department, police service, crime prevention, protective services, law enforcement agency, civil guard or civic guard. Members may be referred to as police officers, troopers, sheriffs, constables, rangers, peace officers or civic/civil guards. Police of the Soviet-era Eastern Europe were called the militsiya. The Irish police are called the Garda Síochána; a police officer is called a garda. And although the word \"police\" comes from Greek, the Greek police is Αστυνομία.
/m/0p_th	Kramer vs. Kramer is a 1979 American drama film adapted by Robert Benton from the novel by Avery Corman, and directed by Benton. The film tells the story of a married couple's divorce and its impact on everyone involved, including the couple's young son. It received five Academy Awards in 1979 in the categories of Best Picture, Best Director, Best Adapted Screenplay, Best Actor, and Best Supporting Actress.
/m/0k4fz	Sunset Boulevard is a 1950 American film noir directed and co-written by Billy Wilder, and produced and co-written by Charles Brackett. It was named after the boulevard that runs through Los Angeles and Beverly Hills, California.\nThe film stars William Holden as Joe Gillis, an unsuccessful screenwriter, and Gloria Swanson as Norma Desmond, a faded silent movie star who draws him into her fantasy world where she dreams of making a triumphant return to the screen, with Erich von Stroheim as Max Von Mayerling, her butler and first husband. Nancy Olson, Fred Clark, Lloyd Gough and Jack Webb play supporting roles. Director Cecil B. DeMille and gossip columnist Hedda Hopper play themselves, and the film includes cameo appearances by leading silent film actors Buster Keaton, H. B. Warner and Anna Q. Nilsson.\nPraised by many critics when first released, Sunset Boulevard was nominated for eleven Academy Awards and won three. It is widely accepted as a classic, often cited as one of the greatest films of American cinema. Deemed \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant\" by the U.S. Library of Congress in 1989, Sunset Boulevard was included in the first group of films selected for preservation in the National Film Registry. In 1998, it was ranked number twelve on the American Film Institute's list of the 100 best American films of the 20th century, and in 2007 it was 16th on their 10th Anniversary list.
/m/07l5z	Toledo is the fourth most populous city in the U.S. state of Ohio and is the county seat of Lucas County. Toledo is in northwest Ohio, on the western end of Lake Erie, and borders the State of Michigan. The city was founded in 1833 on the west bank of the Maumee River, originally incorporated as part of Monroe County, Michigan Territory, then re-founded in 1837, after conclusion of the Toledo War, when it was incorporated in Ohio.\nToledo grew quickly as a result of the Miami and Erie Canal and its position on the railway line between New York and Chicago. It has since become a city well known for its industry, particularly in glass and auto assembly, as well as for its art community, education, healthcare, and local sports teams. The population of Toledo as of the 2010 Census was 287,208, while the Toledo metropolitan area had a population of 651,429.
/m/0fcrg	North Brabant, since 2001 Brabant is also unofficially used, is a province of the Netherlands, located in the south of the country, bordered by Belgium's Antwerp and Limburg provinces in the south, the Meuse River in the north, Limburg in the east and Zeeland in the west.
/m/07g2v	Thomas Lee Bass, best known as Tommy Lee, is an American musician and founding member of heavy metal band Mötley Crüe. As well as being the band's long-term drummer, Lee founded rap-metal band Methods of Mayhem, and has pursued solo musical projects. He has been married to model Elaine Starchuk and actresses Heather Locklear and Pamela Anderson.
/m/0m2wm	Claudia Schiffer was born August 25, 1970 in Rheinberg, North Rhine-Westphalia. She began modelling in 1987, after being spotted in a nightclub in Dsseldorf. Weeks later she appeared in Elle magazine. Within a short time she modelled for Chanel. In the early 1990s she starred in Guess? jeans ads in North America. In more recent years, she has starred in advertising campaigns for brands such as Mango and Accessorize. From 1994 to 1999, Schiffer was married to the American illusionist,David Copperfield. They first met in 1993, when Schiffer attended one of Copperfield's shows and he invited her on stage to participate in his Flying illusion. Later in the same year, she joined Copperfield on an appearance on live German TV. During this appearance, Schiffer assisted Copperfield in a traditional Thin Model version of the famous stage illusion, Sawing a Woman in Half, with Schiffer being sawed in half by Copperfield and the shows host, who used a large two-person saw to cut her in half. Having sawed Schiffer in half and separated her halves, Copperfield then tickled her feet, causing her to scream with laughter and complain (in German) that she was ticklish. While she was still in two pieces, she was interviewed by the show's host, who asked her what it felt like to be sawed in half. Copperfield then asked her out on a date and, after she agreed, he finally put her back together in one piece. Shortly after this, they became engaged, and married the following year. While they were married, and when not otherwise occupied with her modelling work, Schiffer often joined her husband in his stage shows as a special guest assistant in a number of illusions. During the show, she would be levitated high into the air, made to vanish and re-appear, and finally sawed in half. Following the end of her marriage to Copperfield in 1999, Schiffer became romantically involved with the heir to the Green Shield Stamp empire, Tim Jeffries. On May 25, 2002 she married film producer Matthew de Vere Drummond, n Matthew Vaughn, son of George Albert Harley Drummond (also known as George de Vere Drummond). It was widely reported at the time of the wedding that one day Schiffer could become the Countess of Oxford because her father-in-law was in line of succession to the Earldom of Oxford and Mortimer. She is disqualified on two counts: Matthew's illegitimacy would bar him from any succession and George Harley Drummond is not in line for succession as he is not descended from the male line. Claudia and Matthew have two children: a son, Caspar Matthew De Vere Drummond, born in London on January 30, 2003 and a daughter, Clementine, born in London on November 11, 2004.Unusually, she didn't get her ears pierced until she was 35, when she had them pierced specially for the photoshoot for her 2006 Accessorize advertising campaign. Her contract for the campaign included an additional payment to cover the need for her to pierce her ears so as to be able to wear the pierced earrings she was required to model during the photoshoot.
/m/01cf5	Barnard College is a private women's liberal arts college and a member of the Seven Sisters. Founded in 1889, it has been affiliated with Columbia University since 1900. Barnard's 4-acre campus stretches along Broadway between 116th and 120th Streets in the Morningside Heights neighborhood in the borough of Manhattan, in New York City. It is adjacent to Columbia's campus and near several other academic institutions and has been used by Barnard since 1898.
/m/09lxtg	Trinidad and Tobago, officially the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago, is an island country off the northern edge of South America, lying just off the coast of northeastern Venezuela and south of Grenada in the Lesser Antilles. Usually considered part of the Caribbean, it shares maritime boundaries with other nations including Barbados to the northeast, Grenada to the northwest, Guyana to the southeast, and Venezuela to the south and west.\nThe country covers an area of 5,128 square kilometres and consists of two main islands, Trinidad and Tobago, with numerous smaller landforms. The two main islands are divided into nine regions, and one ward. Sangre Grande is the largest region of the country's nine regions, comprising about 18% of the total area and 10% of the total population of the country. The nation lies outside the hurricane belt.\nThe island of Trinidad was a Spanish colony from the arrival of Christopher Columbus in 1498 to the capitulation of the Spanish Governor, Don José Maria Chacón, on the arrival of a British fleet of 18 warships on 18 February 1797. During the same period, the island of Tobago changed hands among Spanish, British, French, Dutch and Courlander colonizers. Trinidad and Tobago were ceded to Britain in 1802 under the Treaty of Amiens. The country Trinidad and Tobago obtained independence in 1962, becoming a republic in 1976. Unlike most of the English-speaking Caribbean, the country's economy is primarily industrial, with an emphasis on petroleum and petrochemicals.
/m/07tw_b	The Producers is a 2005 American musical-comedy film directed by Susan Stroman. The film stars Nathan Lane, Matthew Broderick, Uma Thurman, Gary Beach, Roger Bart, and Will Ferrell. The film is an adaptation of the 2001 Broadway musical, which in turn was based on the 1968 film of the same name starring Zero Mostel, Gene Wilder, and Andreas Voutsinas. It was produced and distributed domestically by Universal Pictures and overseas by Columbia Pictures.
/m/07jdr	A train is a form of rail transport consisting of a series of vehicles propelled along a rail track to transport cargo or passengers. Motive power is provided by a separate locomotive or individual motors in self-propelled multiple units. Although historically steam propulsion dominated, the most common modern forms are diesel and electric locomotives, the latter supplied by overhead wires or additional rails. Other energy sources include horses, rope or wire, gravity, pneumatics, batteries, and gas turbines. Train tracks usually consists of two, three or four rails, with a limited number of monorails and maglev guideways in the mix. The word 'train' comes from the Old French trahiner, from the Latin trahere 'pull, draw'.\nThere are various types of trains that are designed for particular purposes. A train can consist of a combination of one or more locomotives and attached railroad cars, or a self-propelled multiple unit. The first trains were rope-hauled, gravity powered or pulled by horses. From the early 19th century almost all were powered by steam locomotives. From the 1910s onwards the steam locomotives began to be replaced by less labour-intensive and cleaner diesel locomotives and electric locomotives, while at about the same time self-propelled multiple unit vehicles of either power system became much more common in passenger service.
/m/0285r5d	The 2007 Major League Baseball season began on April 1 with a rematch of the 2006 National League Championship Series; the St. Louis Cardinals and New York Mets played the first game of the season at Busch Stadium in St. Louis, Missouri, which was won by the Mets, 6–1. The regular season concluded with seven teams entering the postseason who had failed to reach the 2006 playoffs including all National League teams, with only the New York Yankees returning; a dramatic one-game playoff between the Colorado Rockies and San Diego Padres; and the largest September collapse for a leading team in baseball history, with the Mets squandering a 7-game lead with 17 to play, losing on the final day of the regular season, and the Philadelphia Phillies capturing the National League East for the first time since 1993. The season ended on October 28, with the Boston Red Sox sweeping the 2007 World Series over the Rockies, four games to none.\nA special exhibition game known as the \"Civil Rights Game\" was played on March 31 in AutoZone Park in Memphis, Tennessee between the Cardinals and the Cleveland Indians to celebrate the history of civil rights in the United States. The 2007 season commemorates the 60th anniversary of Jackie Robinson's entry into the game, breaking the color barrier.
/m/05yvfd	Shakti Kapoor is an Indian Bollywood actor. He is known as one of the leading villains in Bollywood movies for more than three decades. He has also been applauded for playing comic roles in several movies. Through the eighties and nineties, Kapoor teamed up with another senior actor Kader Khan as the comical or evil duo in over 100 films. Kapoor is one of the few Bollywood actors who played the stereotype Bollywood negative roles and negative characters with a comic touch with equal finesse.
/m/05kjlr	The AIA Gold Medal is awarded by the American Institute of Architects conferred \"by the national AIA Board of Directors in recognition of a significant body of work of lasting influence on the theory and practice of architecture.\"\nIt is the Institute's highest award. Since 1947, the medal has been awarded more-or-less annually.
/m/07wdw	The Whig Party was a political party active in the early 19th century in the United States of America. Four Presidents of the United States were members of the Whig Party. Considered integral to the Second Party System and operating from the early 1830s to the mid-1850s, the party was formed in opposition to the policies of President Andrew Jackson and his Democratic Party. In particular, the Whigs supported the supremacy of Congress over the Presidency and favored a program of modernization and economic protectionism. This name was chosen to echo the American Whigs of 1776, who fought for independence, and because \"Whig\" was then a widely recognized label of choice for people who identified as opposing tyranny. The Whig Party counted among its members such national political luminaries as Daniel Webster, William Henry Harrison, and their preeminent leader, Henry Clay of Kentucky. In addition to Harrison, the Whig Party also nominated war hero generals Zachary Taylor and Winfield Scott.\nIn its two decades of existence, the Whig Party had two of its candidates, William Henry Harrison and Zachary Taylor, elected President. Both died in office. John Tyler succeeded to the Presidency after Harrison's death, but was expelled from the party. Millard Fillmore, who became President after Taylor's death, was the last Whig to hold the nation's highest office.
/m/05_swj	Walter Anthony Murphy, Jr. is an American instrumentalist, songwriter, and arranger. He rose to fame with the hit instrumental \"A Fifth of Beethoven\", a disco adaptation of passages from the first movement of Ludwig van Beethoven's Fifth Symphony, in 1976, when disco was rising in popularity.
/m/07g2b	Thomas Stearns Eliot OM was an essayist, publisher, playwright, literary and social critic and \"one of the twentieth century's major poets.\" Born in St. Louis, Missouri in the United States, he moved to the United Kingdom in 1914 and was naturalised as a British subject in 1927 at age 39.\nEliot attracted widespread attention for his poem The Love Song of J. Alfred Prufrock, which is seen as a masterpiece of the Modernist movement. It was followed by some of the best-known poems in the English language, including The Waste Land, The Hollow Men, Ash Wednesday and Four Quartets. He is also known for his seven plays, particularly Murder in the Cathedral. He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1948, \"for his outstanding, pioneer contribution to present-day poetry\".
/m/067xd	Proprietary software or closed source software is computer software licensed under exclusive legal right of the copyright holder with the intent that the licensee is given the right to use the software only under certain conditions, and restricted from other uses, such as modification, sharing, studying, redistribution, or reverse engineering. Usually the source code of proprietary software is not made available.\nComplementary terms include free software, licensed by the owner under more permissive terms, and public domain software, which is not subject to copyright and can be used for any purpose. Proponents of free and open source software use proprietary or non-free to describe software that is not free or open source.\nA related but distinct categorization in the software industry is commercial software, which refers to software produced for sale but not necessarily closed source.
/m/03nx8mj	Old Dogs is a 2009 American ensemble comedy film directed by Wild Hogs's Walt Becker and starring John Travolta and Robin Williams with an ensemble supporting cast played by Kelly Preston, Matt Dillon, Justin Long, Seth Green, Rita Wilson, Dax Shepard, and Bernie Mac. It was released in theaters on November 25, 2009 and was released on DVD March 9, 2010.\nThe movie is dedicated to both Bernie Mac and Jett Travolta.\nOld Dogs received poor reception from film critics. The Orlando Sentinel called the film \"badly written and broadly acted.\" The Chicago Daily Herald said the film \"should be put out of our misery.\" The San Jose Mercury News and The Boston Globe both described the film as a \"turkey.\" Reviews in the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel and AV Club said the movie was not recommended for adults or children.\nDespite the negative criticism, it was a minor box office success, beating its budget.\nAt the 30th Golden Raspberry Awards ceremony, Old Dogs was nominated in four categories: Worst Picture, Worst Actor for John Travolta, Worst Supporting Actress for Kelly Preston and Worst Director for Walt Becker, but \"lost\" in all categories.
/m/028mpr	Curitiba is the capital and largest city of the Brazilian state of Paraná. The city's population numbered approximately 1,760,500 people as of 2010, making it the eighth most populous city in the country, and the largest in Brazil's South Region. Its metropolitan area, called Curitiba Metropolitan Area, comprises 26 municipalities with a total population of over 3.2 million, making it the seventh most populous in the country.\nCuritiba is an important cultural, political, and economic center in Latin America. The city sits on a plateau at 932 metres above sea level. It is located 105 kilometres west of the seaport of Paranaguá and is served by the Afonso Pena International and Bacacheri airports. The city hosts the Federal University of Paraná, established in 1912.\nIn the 1700s Curitiba possessed a favorable location between cattle-breeding country and marketplaces, leading to a successful cattle trade and the city's first major expansion. Later, between 1850 and 1950, it grew due to logging and agricultural expansion in the Paraná State. In the 1850s waves of European immigrants arrived in Curitiba, mainly Germans, Italians, Poles and Ukrainians, contributing to the city's economic and cultural development. Nowadays, only smaller numbers of foreign immigrants arrive, primarily from Middle Eastern and other Latin American countries.
/m/0b4rf3	Nigel Lythgoe is an English television and film director and producer, television dance competition judge, former dancer in the Young Generation and choreographer. He is noted for being the producer of the shows Pop Idol and American Idol and creator and executive producer of, and a regular judge on So You Think You Can Dance. He also created the 2009 competition Superstars of Dance.
/m/041td_	Topsy-Turvy is a 1999 musical drama film written and directed by Mike Leigh and stars Allan Corduner as Arthur Sullivan and Jim Broadbent as W. S. Gilbert, along with Timothy Spall and Lesley Manville. The story concerns the 15-month period in 1884 and 1885 leading up to the premiere of Gilbert and Sullivan's The Mikado. The film focuses on the creative conflict between playwright and composer, and the decision by the two men to continue their partnership, which led to the creation of several more famous Savoy Operas between them.\nThe film was not released widely, but it received very favourable reviews, including a number of film festival awards and two design Academy Awards. While considered an artistic success, illustrating Victorian era British life in the theatre in depth, the film did not recover its production costs. Leigh cast actors who did their own singing in the film, and the singing performances were faulted by some critics, while others lauded Leigh's strategy.
/m/01fj9_	County Wexford is a county in Ireland. It is part of the South-East Region and is also located in the province of Leinster. It is named after the town of Wexford. In pre-Norman times it was part of the Kingdom of Uí Cheinnselaig, whose capital was at Ferns. Wexford County Council is the local authority for the county. The population of the county is 145,320 according to the 2011 census.
/m/01pj_5	Scary Movie is a 2000 horror comedy spoof film directed by Keenen Ivory Wayans. It was intended to be released with the title Slasher 911. It is an American dark comedy that heavily parodies the horror, slasher, and mystery genres. Several mid- and late-90s films and TV shows are spoofed, especially Scream, along with I Know What You Did Last Summer, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, The Sixth Sense, The Usual Suspects, The Matrix, The Blair Witch Project, and Dawson's Creek.\nThe tagline reads \"No mercy. No shame. No sequel.\", the last reference being an ironic nod towards the tendency of popular horror movies becoming cash cow franchises. 2001 saw the release of Scary Movie 2, with the appropriate tagline \"We lied\". Later video covers of the first film frequently drop the tagline's third statement. The film was originally titled \"Last Summer I Screamed Because Halloween Fell on Friday the 13th\". Scary Movie was followed by four more sequels Scary Movie 2, Scary Movie 3, Scary Movie 4 and Scary Movie 5. Its title serves as a homage to the production title of Scream, which was also released through Dimension Films.
/m/05sb1	Pakistan, officially the Islamic Republic of Pakistan, is a sovereign country in South Asia. With a population exceeding 180 million people, it is the sixth most populous country and with an area covering 796,095 km², it is the 36th largest country in the world in terms of area. Located at the crossroads of the strategically important regions of South Asia, Central Asia and Western Asia, Pakistan has a 1,046-kilometre coastline along the Arabian Sea and the Gulf of Oman in the south and is bordered by India to the east, Afghanistan to the west and north, Iran to the southwest and China in the far northeast. It is separated from Tajikistan by Afghanistan's narrow Wakhan Corridor in the north, and also shares a marine border with Oman.\nThe territory of modern Pakistan was home to several ancient cultures, including the Neolithic Mehrgarh and the Bronze Age Indus Valley Civilisation. The territory has been the home to kingdoms ruled by people of different faiths and cultures, including Hindus, Persian, Indo-Greek, Islamic, Turco-Mongol, Afghan and Sikh. The area has been ruled by numerous empires and dynasties, including the Indian Mauryan Empire, the Persian Achaemenid Empire, Alexander of Macedonia, the Arab Umayyad Caliphate, the Mongol Empire, the Mughal Empire, the Durrani Empire, the Sikh Empire and the British Empire. As a result of the Pakistan Movement led by Muhammad Ali Jinnah and Subcontinent's struggle for independence, Pakistan was created in 1947 as an independent nation for Muslims from the regions in the east and west of Subcontinent where there was a Muslim majority. Initially a dominion, Pakistan adopted a new constitution in 1956, becoming an Islamic republic. A civil war in 1971 resulted in the secession of East Pakistan as the new country of Bangladesh.
/m/037vqt	The James E. Sullivan Award, presented by the American Amateur Athletic Union, is awarded annually in April to \"the outstanding amateur athlete in the United States\". Often referred to as the Oscar of sports awards, it was first presented in 1930. The award is named for the AAU's founder and past president, James Edward Sullivan. Based on the qualities of leadership, character, sportsmanship, and the ideals of amateurism, the AAU Sullivan Award \"goes far beyond athletic accomplishments and honors those who have shown strong moral character\". Finalists are selected from public nominations following a review by the AAU Sullivan Award Executive Committee. Approximately 10 semi-finalists are chosen, and the eventual winner is determined by votes from various members of the nationwide news media, former winners and AAU personnel. More recently, a proportion of the winner's vote has been determined by the general public. Recipients are eligible for subsequent awards, although this has yet to happen.\nThe inaugural winner of the award was golfer Bobby Jones, winner of 13 majors between 1923 and 1930. The first female recipient, in 1944, was swimmer Ann Curtis, who won more national AAU championships than any other woman, while the most recent winner was swimmer Missy Franklin. The award has been presented to multiple recipients on only one occasion – in 1999, to twin sisters Coco and Kelly Miller.
/m/067xw	Peter Allen David, often abbreviated PAD, is an American writer of comic books, novels, television, movies and video games. His notable comic book work includes an award-winning 12-year run on The Incredible Hulk, as well as runs on Aquaman, Young Justice, Supergirl, and Fallen Angel.\nHis Star Trek work includes both comic books and novels such as Imzadi, and co-creating the New Frontier series. His other novels include film adaptations, media tie-ins, and original works, such as the Apropos of Nothing and Knight Life series. His television work includes series such as Babylon 5, Young Justice, Ben 10: Alien Force and Nickelodeon's Space Cases, the last of which David co-created.\nDavid often jokingly describes his occupation as \"Writer of Stuff\", and is noted for his prolific writing, characterized by its mingling of real-world issues with humor and references to popular culture, as well as elements of metafiction and self-reference.\nDavid has earned multiple awards for his work, including a 1992 Eisner Award, a 1993 Wizard Fan Award, a 1996 Haxtur Award, a 2007 Julie Award and 2011 GLAAD Media Award.
/m/0dprg	Lyon is a city in east-central France in the Rhône-Alpes region, situated between Paris and Marseille. Etymologically it relates to the Celtic God Lugoves, Lugh as do Laon and Leiden. Lyon is located approximately 470 kilometres from Paris, 320 km from Marseille, 420 km from Strasbourg, 160 km from Geneva, 280 km from Turin. The residents of the city are called Lyonnais.\nThe population of Lyon is 484,344. Together with its suburbs and satellite towns, Lyon forms the largest conurbation in France outside Paris. Its urban region represents half of the Rhône-Alpes region population with 2.9 million inhabitants. Lyon is the capital of this region, as well as the capital of the smaller Rhône département.\nThe city is known for its historical and architectural landmarks and is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. Lyon was historically known as an important area for the production and weaving of silk and in modern times has developed a reputation as the capital of gastronomy in France. It has a significant role in the history of cinema due to Auguste and Louis Lumière, who invented the cinematographe in Lyon. The city is also known for its famous light festival 'Fête des Lumières' which occurs every 8 December and lasts for four days, earning Lyon the title of Capital of Lights. Legend says that the Virgin Mary saved the city from the plague and, to thank her, a statue was built. On the day it was erected, the whole city was lit by candles that its citizens had put at their windows. The local professional football team, Olympique Lyonnais, has increased Lyon's profile internationally through participation in European football championships.
/m/018djs	Brantford is a city in southwestern Ontario, Canada. It is connected to Woodstock in the west and Hamilton in the east by Highway 403 and to Cambridge to the north and Simcoe to the south by Highway 24. It is the seat of Brant County, but is politically separate from the county.\nBrantford is sometimes known as the \"Telephone City\", as a former city resident, Alexander Graham Bell invented the telephone at his father's home, the Bell Homestead, and conducted the first long distance telephone call from Brantford to Paris, Ontario in 1876.\nBrantford is also the birthplace of hockey player Wayne Gretzky, comedian Phil Hartman, as well as Group of Seven member Lawren Harris. Brantford is named after Joseph Brant, a Mohawk leader. Many of his descendants live on the neighbouring reserve of Six Nations of the Grand River First Nation.
/m/050xpd	The University of Delhi is a public central university located in Delhi, India. It is wholly funded by the Government of India. Established in 1922, it offers courses at undergraduate and postgraduate levels. Vice-President of India, Mohammad Hamid Ansari is the chancellor. The University of Delhi is a premier institute of higher education in India. It was established in 1922 as a unitary, teaching and residential university by an Act of the Central Legislative Assembly. The President of India is the visitor, the Vice President is the chancellor and the chief justice of the Supreme Court of India is the pro-chancellor of the university.
/m/02y_2y	Forest Steven Whitaker is an American actor, producer, and director.\nHe has earned a reputation for intensive character study work for films such as Lee Daniels' The Butler, Battlefield Earth, Bird and Ghost Dog: The Way of the Samurai, for his work in direct-to-video films and for his recurring role as ex-LAPD Lieutenant Jon Kavanaugh on the award-winning television series The Shield.\nWhitaker won an Academy Award, a Golden Globe and a BAFTA for his performance as Ugandan dictator Idi Amin in the 2006 film The Last King of Scotland.
/m/0199gx	Birmingham City Football Club is a professional association football club based in the city of Birmingham, England. Formed in 1875 as Small Heath Alliance, they became Small Heath in 1888, then Birmingham in 1905, finally becoming Birmingham City in 1943. They compete in the Football League Championship, the second tier of league football in England.\nAs Small Heath, they played in the Football Alliance before becoming founder members and first ever champions of the Football League Second Division. The most successful period in their history was in the 1950s and early 1960s. They achieved their highest finishing position of sixth in the First Division in the 1955–56 season and reached the 1956 FA Cup Final, progressed to the final of the Inter-Cities Fairs Cup in 1960 and 1961, and won their first major trophy, the League Cup, in 1963, beating Aston Villa 3–1 on aggregate. They won the latter competition for the second time in 2011. They have played in the top tier of English football for the majority of their history. Their longest period spent outside the top division, between 1986 and 2002, included two brief spells in the third tier of the English League, during which time they twice won the Football League Trophy.
/m/0283sdr	The University of Otago in Dunedin is New Zealand's oldest university. It had over 21,000 students enrolled during 2011.\nThe university has New Zealand's highest average research quality and in New Zealand is second only to the University of Auckland in the number of A rated academic researchers it employs. It topped the New Zealand Performance Based Research Fund evaluation in 2006.\nFounded in 1869 by a committee including Thomas Burns, the university opened in July 1871. Its motto is \"Sapere aude\". The Otago University Students' Association answers this with its own motto, \"Audeamus\". The university's graduation song Gaudeamus igitur, iuvenes dum sumus... acknowledges students will continue to live up to the challenge if not always in the way intended. Between 1874 and 1961 the University of Otago was a part of the University of New Zealand, and issued degrees in its name.\nOtago is known for its student life, particularly its flatting, which is often in old sub-standard houses. The nickname Scarfie comes from the habit of wearing a scarf during cold southern winters. The Scarfie term is also referenced in the movie Scarfies.
/m/0c4hnm	The 38th Academy Awards, honoring the best in film for 1965, were held on April 18, 1966 at the Santa Monica Civic Auditorium in Santa Monica, California. They were hosted by Bob Hope.\nThe ceremony was broadcast on the ABC network and was the first to be broadcast live in color.\nThe two most nominated films were The Sound of Music and Doctor Zhivago, each with ten nominations. Although both films ultimately won five awards, the winner of Best Picture was 20th Century Fox's and Robert Wise's The Sound of Music, adapted from the Rodgers and Hammerstein's Broadway musical. Both movies are among the most successful films ever and are in the top 10 commercially adjusted films ever made. Of all the films nominated for the Oscar this year, both The Sound of Music and Doctor Zhivago would show up 33 years later on the American Film Institute list of the greatest American films of the 20th Century.\nThe Sound of Music was the first Best Picture winner without a writing nomination since Hamlet; it would be the last until Titanic at the 70th Academy Awards.\nIn the Best Actress category, Julie Christie beat out Julie Andrews, who had won the previous year for Mary Poppins. Had Andrews won again for The Sound of Music, she would have been the second actress to win the top trophy two years in a row. The first back-to-back best actress winner was Luise Rainer, who won in 1936 for The Great Ziegfeld and in 1937 for The Good Earth.
/m/0206k5	The Tribune Company is an American multimedia corporation based in Chicago, Illinois. Although majority owned by its corporate employees, Tribune is jointly controlled by the company's three senior debt holders: Oaktree Capital Management, Angelo, Gordon & Co. and JPMorgan Chase.\nIt is the nation's second-largest newspaper publisher, with ten daily newspapers and several commuter tabloids including the Chicago Tribune, Los Angeles Times, Orlando Sentinel, Sun-Sentinel and The Baltimore Sun. Through Tribune Broadcasting, the company owns 23 television stations, national cable superstation WGN America, regional cable news channel Chicagoland Television and Chicago's WGN radio. Investment interests include Food Network.\nTribune Technology LLC, another subsidiary, manages the interactive operations of major daily newspapers such as the Chicago Tribune and Los Angeles Times and their associated websites. Its national network sites owned with partners include CareerBuilder, Cars.com, Apartments.com and Topix.net. Its Tribune Media Services division provides syndicated content to print and electronic media. Key company investment interests include CareerBuilder, Classified Ventures and Topix.com.
/m/02cpp	Depeche Mode are an English electronic music band formed in 1980 in Basildon, Essex. The group's original line-up consisted of Dave Gahan, Martin Gore, Andy Fletcher, and Vince Clarke. Depeche Mode released their debut record in 1981, Speak & Spell, bringing the band onto the English new wave scene. Clarke left the band after the release of the album, leaving the band as a trio to record A Broken Frame, released the following year. Alan Wilder officially joined the band afterward, replacing Clarke, while Gore took over lead songwriting duties, establishing a line up that would continue for the next thirteen years.\nThe band's last albums of the 1980s; Black Celebration and Music for the Masses established them as a dominant force on the mainstream electronic music scene. A highlight of this era was the band's concert at the Pasadena Rose Bowl where they drew a crowd in excess of 60,000 people. In the new decade, Depeche Mode released Violator, catapulting them to massive mainstream success. The subsequent album, Songs of Faith and Devotion and the supporting Devotional Tour exacerbated tensions within the band to the point where Alan Wilder quit in 1995, leading to intense media and fan speculation that the band would split. Now a trio once again, the band released Ultra in 1997, recorded at the height of Gahan's near-fatal drug abuse, Gore's alcoholism and Fletcher's depression. The release of Exciter confirmed Depeche Mode's willingness to remain together, the subsequent, and very successful, Exciter Tour being their first tour in support of an original album in eight years since the Devotional Tour although the band had briefly toured in 1998 to support The Singles 86>98 compilation album.
/m/01tnbn	Carrie Frances Fisher is an American actress, novelist, screenwriter, and performance artist. She is best known for her portrayal of Princess Leia Organa in the original Star Wars trilogy. She is also known for her bestselling novel Postcards from the Edge and screenplay for a film of the same name, as well as her autobiographical one-woman play, Wishful Drinking, and the non-fiction book she based on it.
/m/04gycf	Joseph Anthony \"Joey\" Fatone, Jr. is an American singer, dancer, actor and television personality. He is best known as a member of the boyband 'N Sync, in which he sang baritone. In 2007, he came in second place on the ABC reality show Dancing with the Stars. He was also the host of the U.S. and Australian versions of The Singing Bee which aired on NBC in the U.S.. Currently Fatone is the announcer on Family Feud, and is also guest host of The Price Is Right Live! at Bally's Las Vegas.
/m/064_8sq	French is a Romance language spoken as a first language in France, the Romandy region in Switzerland, Wallonia and Brussels in Belgium, Monaco, the provinces of Quebec, Ontario and New Brunswick in Canada, the Acadiana region of the U.S. state of Louisiana, the northern parts of the U.S. states of Maine, New Hampshire and Vermont in the New England region, and by various communities elsewhere. Other speakers of French, who often speak it as a second language, are distributed throughout many parts of the world, the largest numbers of whom reside in Francophone Africa. In Africa, French is most commonly spoken in Gabon, Mauritius, Algeria, Senegal and Côte d'Ivoire. French is estimated as having 110 million native speakers and 190 million more second language speakers.\nFrench is an Italic language descended from the spoken Latin language of the Roman Empire, as are languages such as Italian, Portuguese, Spanish, Romanian, Lombard, Catalan, Sicilian and Sardinian. Its closest relatives are the other langues d'oïl—languages historically spoken in northern France and in Belgium, which French has largely supplanted. French was also influenced by native Celtic languages of Roman Gaul and by the Frankish language of the post-Roman Frankish invaders. Today, owing to France's past overseas expansion, there are numerous French-based creole languages, most notably Haitian.
/m/0k4f3	Some Like It Hot is a 1959 American comedy film directed by Billy Wilder and starring Marilyn Monroe, Tony Curtis and Jack Lemmon. The supporting cast includes George Raft, Pat O'Brien, Joe E. Brown, Joan Shawlee and Nehemiah Persoff.\nThe screenplay by Wilder and I. A. L. Diamond was based on a 1935 French film, Fanfare d'Amour, from a story by Robert Thoeren and Michael Logan, which was also remade in 1951 by German director Kurt Hoffmann as Fanfaren der Liebe. However, the plots of the French and German films did not include the gangster motif, which is an integral part of the drama in Some Like It Hot. Wilder's working titles for his film were Fanfares of Love and Not Tonight, Josephine before he decided on Some Like It Hot as its release title.\nIn 1981, after the worldwide success of the French drag comedy La Cage aux Folles, United Artists re-released Some Like It Hot to theatres. In 2000, the American Film Institute listed Some Like It Hot as the greatest American comedy film of all time.
/m/02ltg3	The Netherlands national football team represents the Netherlands in international association football. It is controlled by the Royal Netherlands Football Association, the governing body for football in the Netherlands.\nThe team is colloquially referred to as Het Nederlands Elftal and Oranje, after the House of Orange-Nassau. Like the country itself, the team is sometimes, although incorrectly, referred to as Holland. The Dutch hold the record for playing the most World Cup finals without ever winning the final. They finished second in the 1974, 1978 and 2010 World Cups, losing to West Germany, Argentina and Spain respectively. They won the UEFA European Championship in 1988. At the peak of their success in the 1970s, the team was famous for its mastery of Total Football.
/m/08hsww	Benjamin Joseph Manaly \"B. J.\" Novak is an American actor, stand-up comedian, screenwriter, author, and director. He is known for being a writer and co-executive producer of The Office, in which he also played Ryan Howard, as well as appearing in Inglourious Basterds and Saving Mr. Banks.
/m/012w70	Yue or Yueh is a primary branch of Chinese spoken in southern China, particularly the provinces of Guangdong and Guangxi. The name Cantonese is often used, but linguists prefer to reserve that name for the Yue dialect of Guangzhou and Hong Kong, which is the prestige dialect. The Cantonese and Taishanese dialects of Yue are spoken by substantial overseas populations in Southeast Asia, Canada, Australia, and the United States.\nYue is mutually unintelligible with other varieties of Chinese. They are among the most conservative varieties with regard to the final consonants and tonal categories of Middle Chinese, but have lost several distinctions in the initial and medial consonants that other dialects have retained.
/m/0l2l_	Napa County is a county located north of San Pablo Bay in the U.S. state of California. It is officially one of the nine San Francisco Bay Area counties, and one of four North Bay counties. The county is coterminous with the Napa, California, Metropolitan Statistical Area. As of the 2010 census the population is 136,484. The county seat is Napa. Napa County was one of the original counties of California, created in 1850 at the time of statehood. Parts of the county's territory were given to Lake County in 1861.\nNapa County, once the producer of many different crops, is known today for its regional wine industry, rising to the first rank of wine regions with France by local wineries Stag's Leap Wine Cellars and Chateau Montelena winning the \"Judgment of Paris\" in 1976.
/m/01fbb3	Barnsley is a town in South Yorkshire, England. Historically part of the West Riding of Yorkshire, it lies on the River Dearne, 11.8 miles north of the city of Sheffield, 17 miles south of Leeds and 14.5 miles west of Doncaster. Barnsley is surrounded by several smaller settlements which together form the Metropolitan Borough of Barnsley, of which Barnsley is the largest and the administrative centre. The metropolitan borough had a population of 231,900 at the 2011 UK Census; Barnsley urban Area had a population of 71,599 .\nBarnsley is notable as a former industrial town centred on coal mining and glassmaking although in the town few factories remain, notably the glassworks and coking plant. Though these industries declined in the 20th century, Barnsley's local culture remains rooted in this industrial heritage; Barnsley has a tradition of brass bands, originally created as social clubs for its mining communities.\nIt is between junctions 36 and 38 of the M1 motorway and has a railway station served by the Hallam and Penistone Lines. Barnsley F.C. is the local football club.
/m/02hy9p	Robert Evans is an American film producer and former studio executive, best known for his work on Rosemary's Baby, Love Story, The Godfather, and Chinatown.
/m/04wgh	Morocco, officially the Kingdom of Morocco, is a country in the Maghreb region of North Africa. It is one of only three nations to have both Atlantic and Mediterranean coastlines. Geographically, Morocco is characterized by a rugged mountainous interior and large portions of desert. The Arabic name al-Mamlakah al-Maġribiyah, which translates to \"The Western Kingdom\", and Al-Maghrib, or Maghreb, meaning \"The West\", are commonly used as alternate names.\nMorocco has a population of over 33 million and an area of 446,550 km². Its political capital is Rabat, although the largest city is Casablanca; other major cities include Marrakesh, Tangier, Tetouan, Salé, Fes, Agadir, Meknes, Oujda, Kenitra, and Nador. A historically prominent regional power, Morocco has a history of independence not shared by its neighbours. Its distinct culture is a blend of Arab, indigenous Berber, African, and European influences.\nMorocco claims the non-self-governing territory of Western Sahara as the \"Southern Provinces\". Morocco annexed the territory in 1975, leading to a guerrilla war with indigenous forces that was brought to a cease-fire in 1991. U.N. efforts have thus far failed to break the political deadlock.
/m/03pty	A hotel is an establishment that provides lodging paid on a short-term basis. The provision of basic accommodation, in times past, consisting only of a room with a bed, a cupboard, a small table and a washstand has largely been replaced by rooms with modern facilities, including en-suite bathrooms and air conditioning or climate control. Additional common features found in hotel rooms are a telephone, an alarm clock, a television, a safe, a mini-bar with snack foods and drinks, and facilities for making tea and coffee. Luxury features include bathrobes and slippers, a pillow menu, twin-sink vanities, and jacuzzi bathtubs. Larger hotels may provide additional guest facilities such as a swimming pool, fitness center, business center, childcare, conference facilities and social function services.\nHotel rooms are usually numbered to allow guests to identify their room. Some hotels offer meals as part of a room and board arrangement. In the United Kingdom, a hotel is required by law to serve food and drinks to all guests within certain stated hours. In Japan, capsule hotels provide a minimized amount of room space and shared facilities.
/m/01ym9b	Downtempo is a type of electronic music style similar to ambient music, but usually with a beat or groove. The tempo, as well as the drum patterns of each track can vary. Sometimes the beat can be restrained and/or simple. Sometimes the beats are more complicated and more featured instead of being in the background, but even then they are usually less intense than other kinds of electronic music like trance and house. The tempo is often slower than that of traditional electronic dance music. Often the name chill-out music is used to refer to songs demonstrative of the genre, but those names also refer to other styles of music, and downtempo encompasses a wider variety of styles than those terms alone would indicate. Due to the relaxing and often sensual or romantic feel of most downtempo music, it is a popular form of background music in 'chill out rooms' of dance parties, and many alternative cafes.
/m/026dg51	Courtney Simon is an American writer and actress. Simon is sometimes credited as \"Courtney Sherman\" or \"Courtney Sherman Simon\".
/m/01m7f5r	Edward Shearmur is a British film composer. Born in London, England, at age 7 he sang in the boys' choir at Westminster Cathedral. Educated at Eton College, he studied at the Royal College of Music and went on to a scholarship at Pembroke College at the University of Cambridge. He further honed his craft as assistant to Michael Kamen, orchestrating and conducting before scoring his first full-length feature film The Cement Garden which won the director's prize at the Berlin Film Festival. Coming to prominence in his own right with The Wings of the Dove in 1997, he has since proven both his strength and his versatility scoring for a diverse range of immensely popular films including the likes of both Charlie's Angels outings, Cruel Intentions, Species II, and K-PAX.\nIn addition to his film work, Shearmur has always had a deep love of rock 'n' roll, having collaborated as both a keyboardist and an arranger with a number of top performers including Eric Clapton, Annie Lennox, Pink Floyd, Marianne Faithfull, Bryan Adams, Echo & the Bunnymen, Jimmy Page and Robert Plant.
/m/019f4v	This page lists the winners of and nominees for the Golden Globe Award for Best Director. Since its inception in 1943, it has been presented annually by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association, an organization composed of journalists who cover the United States film industry for publications based outside North America.\nHaving won all four of his nominations, Elia Kazan has been honored most often in this category. Martin Scorsese, Clint Eastwood, David Lean, Miloš Forman, and Oliver Stone tie for second place with three wins each. Steven Spielberg has had the most nominations and has received the award twice. Barbra Streisand is the only woman to have won the award.\nIn the following lists, the first names, listed in bold type against a blue background, are the winners, and the following names are the remaining nominees. The years given are those in which the films under consideration were released, not the year of the ceremony, which takes place in January of the following year.\nNotes:\n\"†\" indicates Academy Award-winning direction.\n\"§\" indicates Golden Globe Award-winning direction that was not nominated for an Academy Award.
/m/046m59	S. Epatha Merkerson is an American film, stage, and television actress. She has won a Golden Globe, an Emmy Award, a Screen Actors Guild Award, an Obie Award and four NAACP Image Awards. She has also received two Tony Award nominations. She is best known for her role as NYPD Lieutenant Anita Van Buren from 1993 to 2010 on the long-running NBC police procedural drama series, Law & Order. She appeared in 391 episodes of the series—more than any other cast member.\nIn 2012, Merkerson became the host of Find Our Missing, a reality-reenactment series on TV One which profiles missing people of color.
/m/01pj48	The University of Auckland is a university located in Auckland, New Zealand. It is the largest and leading university in the country, and was ranked 82nd worldwide in the 2011 QS World University Rankings. Established in 1883 as a constituent college of the University of New Zealand, the university is made up of eight faculties over six campuses, and has more than 40,000 students.
/m/03q4nz	World cinema is a term used primarily in English language speaking countries to refer to the films and film industries of non-English speaking countries. It is therefore often used interchangeably with the term foreign film. However, both world cinema and foreign film could be taken to refer to the films of all countries other than one's own, regardless of native language.
/m/0tgcy	Covington is a city in Kenton County, Kentucky, in the Upland South region of the United States. It is located at the confluence of the Ohio and Licking rivers. Cincinnati, Ohio, lies to its north across the Ohio and Newport, Kentucky, to its east across the Licking. Part of the Cincinnati–Northern Kentucky metropolitan area, Covington had a population of 40,640 at the time of the 2010 U.S. census, making it the 5th-most-populous city in Kentucky. It is one of its county's two seats, along with Independence.
/m/05148p4	A keyboard instrument is a musical instrument played using a keyboard. The most common of these is the piano. Some other types of keyboard instruments include celestas, which are struck idiophones operated by a keyboard, carillons, which are usually housed in bell towers or belfries of churches or other municipal buildings, and other non-acoustic instruments, such as various electronic organs, synthesizers, and keyboards designed to imitate other musical sounds.\nToday, the term \"keyboard\" is most commonly used to refer to keyboard-style synthesizers. Under the fingers of a sensitive performer, the keyboard may also be used to control dynamics, phrasing, shading, articulation, and other elements of expression, depending on the design and inherent capabilities of the instrument.
/m/01ykl0	Basingstoke is a large town and third largest\nsettlement in the county of Hampshire in the South East England region\nof the UK (after the cities of Southampton and Portsmouth). It is\nsituated 77km (48 miles) southwest of London and 48km (30 miles)\nnorth of Southampton.Often mistaken as a new town, Basingstoke market\nwas mentioned in the Domesday Book and it remained a market town until\nthe 1950s when it was very rapidly developed to accommodate what was\nthen called the London 'overspill'.Basingstoke is a prosperous town\nwith an above-average standard of living and low unemployment and the location of the UK headquarters of Sun Life\nFinancial of Canada (not to be confused with AXA Sun Life) and of the\nAutomobile Association.The town, once much derided after it's rapid growth in the 1960's and 1970's has more recently been developed with appropriate leisure facilities, finally beginning to shake of the unfortunate tag of 'Boringstoke'.
/m/05hd32	Digimon Tamers is the third television anime series produced by Toei Animation based on the Japanese Digimon franchise. Unlike the previous seasons, Digimon Adventure and Digimon Adventure 02, Tamers takes place in a different universe, where the first two seasons are a TV series, the show mostly taking place in the real world and revolving heavily around the collectible card game based on the series.\nThis series is also known for its darker undertones in story plots, taking darker routes than in previous series', but in the English dub is more lighthearted dialogue-wise, similar to previous series. Tamers aired in Japan between April 1, 2001 and March 31, 2002, whilst an English-language version by Saban Entertainment aired in North America between September 1, 2001 to June 8, 2002. A manga adaptation by Yuen Wong Yu ran between April and October 2004. It was succeeded by Digimon Frontier.
/m/04xrx	Mariah Carey is an American singer, songwriter, record producer, actress, and philanthropist. Born and raised on Long Island, New York, Carey came to prominence after releasing her self-titled debut studio album Mariah Carey in 1990; it went multiplatinum and spawned four consecutive number one singles on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 chart. Under the guidance of Columbia Records executive and later husband Tommy Mottola, she continued booking success with followup albums Emotions, Music Box, and Merry Christmas, Carey was established as Columbia's highest-selling act. Daydream made music history when its second single \"One Sweet Day\", a duet with Boyz II Men, spent a record sixteen weeks on top of the Billboard Hot 100, and remains the longest-running number-one song in U.S. chart history. During the recording of the album, Carey began to deviate from her R&B and pop beginnings and slowly traversed into hip hop. This musical change became evident with the release of Butterfly, at which time Carey had separated from Mottola.\nCarey left Columbia in 2000, and signed a $100 million recording contract with Virgin Records. Before the release of her first feature film Glitter, she suffered a physical and emotional breakdown and was hospitalized for severe exhaustion. Following the film's poor reception, she was bought out of her recording contract for $50 million, which led to a decline in her career. She signed a multimillion dollar contract deal with Island Records in 2002, and after an unsuccessful period, returned to the top of music charts with The Emancipation of Mimi. Its second single \"We Belong Together\" became her most successful single of the 2000s, and was later named \"Song of the Decade\" by Billboard. Carey once again ventured into film with a well-received supporting role in Precious; she was awarded the \"Breakthrough Performance Award\" at the Palm Springs International Film Festival, and Black Reel and NAACP Image Award nominations.
/m/03bx0bm	The lead vocalist or lead vocal is the member of a band who sings the main solo vocal portions of a song. The lead vocalist may also play one or more instruments, and is usually the \"leader\" of their group, often the spokesman in interviews and before the public. The lead vocalist is sometimes referred to as the frontman.\nIn certain types of music, notably soul and Motown, there is a line-up of a lead vocalist with a named group of backing vocalists. Such line-ups can be very fluid, with both the lead vocalist and the backing group pursuing independent careers; and frequent personnel changes are not uncommon. While members of backing bands were often replaceable, the lead singer would be regarded as having a more marketable name and would have to hire or fire backing musicians at will. Cases of backing bands \"defecting\" to rival vocalists were rarer, but did happen on occasion as seen by Tony Orlando and Dawn.
/m/0k89p	The Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame, located in Springfield, Massachusetts, United States, honors extraordinary basketball players, coaches, referees, executives, and other major contributors to the game of basketball worldwide.\nFirst incorporated at Springfield College — the Springfield-based university where James Naismith invented the sport in 1891 —The Basketball Hall of Fame inducted its first class in 1959. Today, the Basketball Hall of Fame serves as the sport's most complete library, in addition to promoting and preserving the history of basketball.\nAs of the September 8, 2013 induction ceremony the Basketball Hall of Fame has honored 326 individuals and nine teams.
/m/0jg1q	The House of Orange-Nassau, a branch of the European House of Nassau, has played a central role in the politics and government of the Netherlands — and at times in Europe — especially since William I of Orange organized the Dutch revolt against Spanish rule, which after the Eighty Years' War led to an independent Dutch state.\nSeveral members of the house served during this war and after as governor or stadtholder during the Dutch Republic. However, in 1815, after a long period as a republic, the Netherlands became a monarchy under the House of Orange-Nassau.\nThe dynasty was established as a result of the marriage of Henry III of Nassau-Breda from Germany and Claudia of Châlon-Orange from French Burgundy in 1515. Their son René inherited in 1530 the Principality of Orange from his mother's brother, Philibert of Châlon. As the first Nassau to be the Prince of Orange, René could have used \"Orange-Nassau\" as his new family name. However, his uncle, in his will, had stipulated that René should continue the use of the name Châlon-Orange. History knows him therefore as René of Châlon. After the death of René in 1544 his cousin William of Nassau-Dillenburg inherited all his lands. This \"William I of Orange\", in English better known as William the Silent, became the founder of the House of Orange-Nassau.
/m/03nh9	Heterosexuality is romantic attraction, sexual attraction or sexual behavior between persons of opposite sex or gender in the gender binary. As a sexual orientation, heterosexuality refers to \"an enduring pattern of or disposition to experience sexual, affectionate, physical or romantic attractions to persons of the opposite sex\"; it also refers to \"a person's sense of identity based on those attractions, related behaviors, and membership in a community of others who share those attractions\". The term is usually applied to humans, but it is also observed in all mammals.\nHeterosexuality is one of the three main classifications of sexual orientation along with bisexuality and homosexuality, which are each parts of the heterosexual–homosexual continuum.\nThe word is etymologically formed by adding the combining form of Greek έτερος heteros as a prefix to \"sexuality\".
/m/0286gm1	Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf? is a 1966 American black comedy-drama film directed by Mike Nichols. The screenplay by Ernest Lehman is an adaptation of the play of the same title by Edward Albee. It stars Elizabeth Taylor as Martha and Richard Burton as George, with George Segal as Nick and Sandy Dennis as Honey.\nThe film was nominated for thirteen Academy Awards, including Best Picture and Best Director for Mike Nichols, and is one of only two films to be nominated in every eligible category at the Academy Awards. All the four main actors of the film were nominated in their respective acting categories.\nThe film won five awards, including a second Academy Award for Best Actress for Elizabeth Taylor and the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for Sandy Dennis. However, the film lost to A Man for All Seasons for the Best Picture, Best Director, Best Actor and Best Adapted Screenplay awards, and both Richard Burton and George Segal failed to win in their categories.\nIn 2013 the film was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant\".
/m/0q00t	Stand-up comedy is a comic style in which a comedian performs in front of a live audience, usually speaking directly to them. The performer is commonly known as a comic, stand-up comic, stand-up comedian or simply a stand-up. In stand-up comedy the comedian usually recites a fast paced grouping of humorous stories, short jokes called \"bits\", and one-liners typically called a monologue, routine or act. Some stand-up comedians use props, music or magic tricks to enhance their acts. Stand-up comedy is often performed in comedy clubs, bars, nightclubs, neo-burlesques, colleges, and theaters. Outside of live performance, stand-up is often distributed commercially via television, DVD, and the internet.
/m/01279v	County Tipperary is a county in Ireland. For Irish local government, it is divided into two counties, North Tipperary and South Tipperary. The Local Government Reform Act 2014 will reunite the two counties into one, with effect from the 2014 local elections. It is located in province of Munster. The North, whose county council is based in Nenagh, is in the Mid-West Region; while the South, whose county council is based in Clonmel, in the South-East Region. The county is named after the town of Tipperary, and was established in the early thirteenth century, shortly after the Norman invasion of Ireland. The population of the entire county was 158,754 at the 2011 census.
/m/032wdd	Tara Donna Reid is an American model and actress. Reid has acted on television shows such as Saved by the Bell: The New Class, Days of our Lives, California Dreams, and Scrubs.\nHer screen debut came in A Return to Salem's Lot, followed by The Big Lebowski, Urban Legend, and American Pie. She has since portrayed supporting as well as lead roles in several films, including Dr. T & the Women, Josie and the Pussycats, American Pie 2, National Lampoon's Van Wilder, My Boss's Daughter, Alone in the Dark, American Reunion, and Sharknado. She was a housemate in the 2011 series of British reality television show Celebrity Big Brother.
/m/0ftfw	San Salvador is the capital city of the Republic of El Salvador, and the capital of the San Salvador department. It is the country's most populated municipality as well as its most important political, cultural, educational and financial center. As a gamma global city, San Salvador is also an important financial center within Central America. The city is home to the Concejo de Ministros de El Salvador, La Asamblea Legislativa, the Corte Suprema de Justicia, and other governmental institutions, as well as the official residence of the president of the Republic. San Salvador is located in the Salvadoran highlands, surrounded by volcanoes and prone to earthquakes. The Spaniards called the area \"El Valle de Las Hamacas\", a translation of the name given it by the native Pipil people in allusion to the need for beds that would sway with the earth's movements during an earthquake. With a population of 567,698, it is the fifth most populated city in Central America, and its metropolitan area is the second most populated. The city is also home to the Catholic Archdiocese, as well as many Protestant branches of Christianity, including Evangelicals, Latter-day Saints, Baptists, and Pentecostals. San Salvador has the second largest Jewish community in Central America, and a small Muslim community. Spanish is spoken by the entire population, and a high percentage speaks English.
/m/075cph	The Man Who Knew Too Much is a 1956 suspense thriller film directed by Alfred Hitchcock, starring James Stewart and Doris Day. The film is a somewhat altered remake in widescreen VistaVision and Technicolor of Hitchcock's 1934 film of the same name.\nIn the book-length interview Hitchcock/Truffaut, in response to fellow filmmaker François Truffaut's assertion that aspects of the remake were by far superior, Hitchcock replied \"Let's say the first version is the work of a talented amateur and the second was made by a professional.\"\nThe film won an Academy Award for Best Song for \"Whatever Will Be, Will Be\", sung by Doris Day. It was also entered into the 1956 Cannes Film Festival.
/m/0vlf	Adobe Systems Incorporated, is an American multinational computer software company headquartered in San Jose, California, United States. The company has historically focused upon the creation of multimedia and creativity software products, with a more-recent foray towards rich Internet application software development.\nAdobe was founded in February 1982 by John Warnock and Charles Geschke, who established the company after leaving Xerox PARC in order to develop and sell the PostScript page description language. In 1985, Apple Computer licensed PostScript for use in its LaserWriter printers, which helped spark the desktop publishing revolution. The company name Adobe comes from Adobe Creek in Los Altos, California, which ran behind the houses of both of the company's founders.\nAs of 2010, Adobe Systems has 9,117 employees, about 40% of whom work in San Jose. Adobe also has major development operations in Waltham, Massachusetts; New York City, New York; Orlando, Florida; Minneapolis, Minnesota; Lehi, Utah; Seattle, Washington; San Francisco and San Luis Obispo, California in the United States; Ottawa, Canada; Hamburg, Germany; Noida and Bangalore, India; Bucharest, Romania; Basel, Switzerland; and Beijing, China.
/m/01x9_8	Rachael Leigh Cook is an American actress, model, voice artist and producer, who is best known for her starring role in films She's All That, Josie and the Pussycats, and the television series Into the West and Perception, as well as being the voice behind various characters in Robot Chicken and Tifa Lockhart in the English version of Final Fantasy VII: Advent Children.
/m/01m3x5p	Wynton Learson Marsalis is a trumpeter, composer, teacher, music educator, and Artistic Director of Jazz at Lincoln Center in New York City, United States. Marsalis has promoted the appreciation of classical and jazz music often to young audiences. Marsalis has been awarded nine Grammys in both genres, and a jazz recording of his was the first of its kind to win the Pulitzer Prize for Music.\nMarsalis is the son of jazz musician Ellis Marsalis, Jr., grandson of Ellis Marsalis, Sr., and brother of Branford, Delfeayo, Mboya, and Jason.
/m/03cv_gy	John Adams is a 2008 American television miniseries chronicling most of U.S. President John Adams' political life and his role in the founding of the United States. Paul Giamatti portrays John Adams. The miniseries was directed by Tom Hooper. Kirk Ellis wrote the screenplay based on the book John Adams by David McCullough. The biopic of John Adams and the story of the first fifty years of the United States was broadcast in seven parts by HBO between March 16 and April 20, 2008. John Adams received widespread critical acclaim, and many prestigious awards. The show won four Golden Globe awards and thirteen Emmy awards, which is more than any other miniseries in history.
/m/01trtc	Interscope Records is an American record label owned and founded by Jimmy Iovine and Giorgio Saravia in 1989. It is based in Santa Monica, California and operates as one third of Universal Music Group's Interscope Geffen A&M. The label is home to over 146 artists.\nAs of 2013, Interscope became the number-one charting label based on Mediabase, and also with the largest label share on over four radio formats, with Adult Contemporary being their largest share of the formats.
/m/01bt59	Industrial engineering is a branch of engineering dealing with the optimization of complex processes or systems. It is concerned with the development, improvement, implementation and evaluation of integrated systems of people, money, knowledge, information, equipment, energy, materials, analysis and synthesis, as well as the mathematical, physical and social sciences together with the principles and methods of engineering design to specify, predict, and evaluate the results to be obtained from such systems or processes. Its underlying concepts overlap considerably with certain business-oriented disciplines such as operations management.\nDepending on the subspecialties involved, industrial engineering may also be known as, or overlap with, operations management, management science, operations research, systems engineering, manufacturing engineering, ergonomics or human factors engineering, safety engineering, or others, depending on the viewpoint or motives of the user. For example, in health care, the engineers known as health management engineers or health systems engineers are, in essence, industrial engineers by another name.
/m/0408np	Thomas Jane is an American actor and comic book writer, best known for his roles in Padamati Sandhya Ragam, Boogie Nights, 61*, The Punisher, The Mist, and Hung.
/m/02ht0ln	Bob Marley and the Wailers were a Jamaican reggae band created by Bob Marley, Peter Tosh and Bunny Wailer. The band formed when self-taught musician Hubert Winston McIntosh met Neville Livingston, and Robert Nesta Marley in 1963. By late 1963 Junior Braithwaite, Beverley Kelso, and Cherry Smith had joined the Wailers. After Peter Tosh and Bunny Wailer left the band in 1974, Bob Marley began touring with new band members. His new backing band included brothers Carlton Barrett and Aston \"Family Man\" Barrett on drums and bass respectively, Junior Marvin and Al Anderson on lead guitar, Tyrone Downie and Earl \"Wya\" Lindo on keyboards, and Alvin \"Seeco\" Patterson on percussion. The \"I Threes\", consisting of Judy Mowatt, Marcia Griffiths, and Marley's wife, Rita, provided backing vocals.
/m/09qv_s	The Screen Actors' Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Leading Role is an award presented annually by the Screen Actors Guild to honour the finest male acting achievements in a motion picture in a lead role. The award is presented at a ceremony alongside the other guild awards since the awards inception in 1994.\nNote:\n\"†\" indicates the winner of the Academy Award for Best Actor.\n\"‡\" indicates a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actor.
/m/01hwc6	In philosophy, \"the Absurd\" refers to the conflict between the human tendency to seek inherent value and meaning in life and the human inability to find any. In this context absurd does not mean \"logically impossible\", but rather \"humanly impossible\". The universe and the human mind do not each separately cause the Absurd, but rather, the Absurd arises by the contradictory nature of the two existing simultaneously. Absurdism, therefore, is a philosophical school of thought stating that the efforts of humanity to find inherent meaning will ultimately fail because the sheer amount of information as well as the vast realm of the unknown make certainty impossible. And yet, some absurdists state that one should embrace the absurd condition of humankind while conversely continuing to explore and search for meaning. As a philosophy, absurdism thus also explores the fundamental nature of the Absurd and how individuals, once becoming conscious of the Absurd, should respond to it.\nAbsurdism is very closely related to existentialism and nihilism and has its origins in the 19th century Danish philosopher Søren Kierkegaard, who chose to confront the crisis humans faced with the Absurd by developing existentialist philosophy. Absurdism as a belief system was born of the European existentialist movement that ensued, specifically when the French Algerian philosopher and writer Albert Camus rejected certain aspects from that philosophical line of thought and published his essay The Myth of Sisyphus. The aftermath of World War II provided the social environment that stimulated absurdist views and allowed for their popular development, especially in the devastated country of France.
/m/02tx6q	An audio engineer is concerned with the recording, manipulation, mixing and reproduction of sound. Many audio engineers creatively use technologies to produce sound for film, radio, television, music, electronic products and computer games. Alternatively, the term audio engineer can refer to a scientist or engineer who develops new audio technologies working within the field of acoustical engineering.\nAudio engineering concerns the creative and practical aspects of sounds including speech and music, as well as the development of new audio technologies and advancing scientific understanding of audible sound.
/m/03w94xt	Avant-garde music is a term used to characterize music which is thought by critics to be ahead of its time, i.e., containing unique or original elements, or unexplored fusions of different genres.\nHistorically speaking, musicologists primarily use the term \"avant-garde music\" for the radical, post-1945 music after the death of Anton Webern in 1945, or \"starting with Wagner\" or even with Josquin des Prez.\nToday the term may be used to refer to any other post-1945 tendency of modernist music not definable as experimental music, though sometimes including a type of experimental music characterized by the rejection of tonality.\nAlthough some modernist music is also avant-garde, a distinction can be made between the two categories. Because the purpose of avant-garde music is necessarily political, social, and cultural critique, so that it challenges social and artistic values by provoking or goading audiences, composers such as Richard Strauss, Arnold Schoenberg, Anton Webern, George Antheil, and Igor Stravinsky may reasonably be considered to have been avant-gardists in their early works, but the label is not really appropriate for their later music. Modernists of the post–World War II period, such as Elliott Carter, Milton Babbitt, György Ligeti, Witold Lutosławski, and Luciano Berio, never conceived their music for the purpose of goading an audience, and so cannot be classified as avant-garde. Composers such as John Cage and Harry Partch, on the contrary, remained avant-gardists throughout their creative careers.
/m/01pllx	Carlos Irwin Estévez, best known by his stage name Charlie Sheen, is an American actor. He has appeared in films such as Platoon, The Wraith, Wall Street, Major League, Hot Shots!, Hot Shots! Part Deux, Scary Movie 3, and Scary Movie 4. On television, Sheen is known for his roles on Spin City, Two and a Half Men, and Anger Management. In 2010, Sheen was the highest paid actor on television and earned US$1.8 million per episode of Two and a Half Men.\nSheen's personal life has also made headlines, including reports about alcohol and drug abuse and marital problems, as well as allegations of domestic violence. He was fired from Two and a Half Men by CBS and Warner Bros. in March 2011. Sheen subsequently went on a nationwide tour.
/m/060d2	The President of the United States of America is the head of state and head of government of the United States. The president leads the executive branch of the federal government and is the commander-in-chief of the United States Armed Forces. The person in this position is the leader of the country which has the largest economy and the largest military, with command authority over the largest active nuclear arsenal. The president is frequently described as the most powerful person in the world.\nArticle II of the U.S. Constitution vests the executive power of the United States in the president and charges him with the execution of federal law, alongside the responsibility of appointing federal executive, diplomatic, regulatory, and judicial officers, and concluding treaties with foreign powers, with the advice and consent of the Senate. The president is further empowered to grant federal pardons and reprieves, and to convene and adjourn either or both houses of Congress under extraordinary circumstances. Since the founding of the United States, the power of the president and the federal government have grown substantially and each modern president, despite possessing no formal legislative powers beyond signing or vetoing congressionally passed bills, is largely responsible for dictating the legislative agenda of his party and the foreign and domestic policy of the United States.
/m/078ds	The Sinhalese are an ethnic group native to the island of Sri Lanka. They constitute 74.9% of the Sri Lankan population and number greater than 15 million. The Sinhalese identity is based on language, historical heritage and religion. The Sinhalese speak Sinhala, an Indo-Aryan language, and are predominantly Theravada Buddhists, although a small percentage of Sinhalese follow branches of Christianity. The Sinhalese are mostly found in North central, Central, South, and West Sri Lanka. According to legend Mahavamsa they are the descendants of the exiled Prince Vijaya who arrived from East India to Sri Lanka in 543 BCE. But the popular Sinhalese folklore and some references in Mahavamsa to times before Vijaya, indicate the Sinhalese are actually descendants of earlier inhabitants of Sri Lanka; who intermixed with Vijaya and the other Aryan invaders from India.
/m/01h1bf	Today is a daily American morning television show that airs on NBC. The program debuted on January 14, 1952. It was the first of its genre on American television and in the world, and is the fifth-longest-running American television series. Originally a two-hour program on weekdays, it expanded to Sundays in 1987 and Saturdays in 1992. The weekday broadcast expanded to three hours in 2000, and to four hours in 2007.\nToday's dominance was virtually unchallenged by the other networks until the late 1980s, when it was overtaken by ABC's Good Morning America. Today retook the Nielsen ratings lead the week of December 11, 1995, and held onto that position for 852 consecutive weeks until the week of April 9, 2012, when it was beaten by Good Morning America yet again. In 2002, Today was ranked #17 on TV Guide's 50 Greatest TV Shows of All Time.
/m/01_x6v	Randolph Severn \"Trey\" Parker III is an American actor, animator, screenwriter, director, producer, comedian, and recording artist. He is best known for being the co-creator of South Park along with his creative partner and best friend Matt Stone, as well as co-writing and co-directing the 2011 musical The Book of Mormon, which won seven Tony Awards, include the award for Best Musical.\nParker started his film career in 1989 when he created the film Giant Beavers of Southern Sri Lanka. In 1992 he and Matt Stone made a holiday short titled Jesus vs. Frosty, which was an early forerunner of South Park. His first success came from Cannibal! The Musical. From there he made another short titled Jesus vs. Santa, which led him and college friend Stone to create South Park, which first aired in 1997. He has won five Primetime Emmy Awards for his work on South Park, winning one award for Outstanding Animated Program and four for Outstanding Animated Program.
/m/03mg3l	PFC Litex Lovech or simply Litex is a Bulgarian football club from the town of Lovech, which currently competes in the Bulgarian A Professional Football Group, the top division of Bulgarian football. The club was founded in 1921 as Hisarya Football Club.\nThe club's home ground is the Lovech Stadium, which has a capacity of 8100 seats, electric floodlights and permission to stage European matches. To date, Litex has won the championship four times and has won the Bulgarian Cup four times. Together with CSKA Sofia and Levski Sofia, Litex is the third Bulgarian football club that represents the country in the European Club Association.
/m/02wwsh8	The Jury Prize is an award presented at the Cannes Film Festival. It is chosen by the jury from the 'official section' of movies at the festival. It is considered the third most prestigious prize at the film festival, after the Palme d'Or and the Grand Prix.\nFrom 1951 until 1966 the name Special Jury Prize was used for the second most important award of the festival. In 1967, the second place was renamed Grand Prize of the Jury and the Special Jury Prize disappeared. Two years later, in 1969, the Jury Prize was created separately from the Grand Prize, and both have been awarded yearly since.\nThe Special Jury Prize reappeared twice in the 1990s, and one International Jury Prize was awarded in 1946.
/m/0sydc	Broadcasting is the distribution of audio and video content to a dispersed audience via any audio or visual mass communications medium, but usually one using electromagnetic radiation. The receiving parties may include the general public or a relatively large subset thereof. Broadcasting has been used for purposes of private recreation, non-commercial exchange of messages, experimentation, self-training, and emergency communication such as amateur radio and amateur television in addition to commercial purposes like popular radio or TV stations with advertisements.
/m/03m4mj	Husbands and Wives is a 1992 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Woody Allen. The film stars Allen, Mia Farrow, Sydney Pollack, Judy Davis, Juliette Lewis, Liam Neeson and Blythe Danner. It was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role and Best Writing, Screenplay Written Directly for the Screen. The movie debuted around the same time as Allen and Farrow's relationship ended because of his relationship with Soon Yi Previn. The movie is filmed by Carlo Di Palma with a handheld camera style and features documentary-like one-on-one interviews with the characters interspersed with the story.\nHusbands and Wives was Allen's first film as sole director for a studio other than United Artists or Orion Pictures since Take the Money and Run, namely TriStar Pictures.
/m/0nmj	Ames is a city located in the central part of the U.S. state of Iowa in Story County. Lying approximately 30 miles north of Des Moines, it had a 2010 population of 58,965. The U.S. Census Bureau designates the Ames metropolitan statistical area as encompassing all of Story County; combined with the Boone, Iowa micropolitan statistical area, the pair make up the larger Ames-Boone combined statistical area. While Ames is the largest city in Story County, the county seat is in the nearby city of Nevada 8 miles east of Ames.\nAmes is the home of Iowa State University of Science and Technology, a public research institution with leading Agriculture, Design, Engineering, and Veterinary Medicine colleges. ISU is the nation's first designated land-grant university, and the birthplace of the Atanasoff–Berry Computer, the world's first electronic digital computer. Ames hosts one of two national sites for the United States Department of Agriculture's Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service which comprises the National Veterinary Services Laboratories and the Center for Veterinary Biologics. Ames is also the home of the USDA's Agricultural Research Service's National Animal Disease Center. NADC is the largest federal animal disease center in the U.S., conducting research aimed at solving animal health and food safety problems faced by livestock producers and the public. Ames has the headquarters for the Iowa Department of Transportation.
/m/0mwcz	Somerset County is a county located in the state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2010 census, the population was 77,742. Its county seat is Somerset. Somerset County was created on April 17, 1795, from part of Bedford County and named for Somerset, United Kingdom. It is part of the Johnstown, Pennsylvania, Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/0g9zjp	Jonathan Ronald \"Jon\" Walters is a professional footballer who plays as a striker for Premier League club Stoke City and the Republic of Ireland national team.\nWalters started his career at Blackburn Rovers but failed to break into the first team and joined Bolton Wanderers. Again he failed to establish himself and went out on loan to Hull City, Crewe Alexandra and Barnsley before joining Hull permanently. He then went on to play for Wrexham and Chester City before finally finding regular football at Championship side Ipswich Town. Walters spent three years at Ipswich before joining Stoke City for £2.75 million in August 2010. He helped Stoke reach the 2011 FA Cup Final after scoring twice in the semi-final against Bolton Wanderers as Stoke won 5–0. Walters played 54 matches during the 2011–12 season and then played in UEFA Euro 2012 with the Republic of Ireland.
/m/0b5hj5	The Northwestern University School of Law is an elite, private American law school in Chicago, Illinois. Located in the North Side's Streeterville, it is one of the twelve constituent schools of Northwestern University. The law school was founded in 1859 as the Union College of Law of the Old University of Chicago. The first law school established in Chicago, it became jointly controlled by Northwestern University in 1873 and fully incorporated into Northwestern in 1891. Northwestern Law is a member of the \"T-14\" law schools, a prestigious group of 14 schools that have national recognition. The law school was ranked 12th by the 2012 Edition of US News and World Report guide to the nation's top law schools.
/m/01m41_	The Kingdom of Naples, comprising the southern part of the Italian Peninsula, was the remainder of the old Kingdom of Sicily after the secession of the island of Sicily as a result of the Vespers of 1282. It was officially known as the Kingdom of Sicily, although it never included the island of Sicily. For much of its existence, the realm was contested between French and Spanish dynasties. In 1816 it was merged with the island kingdom of Sicily to form the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies.
/m/02c0mv	Philip \"Phil\" Collinson is a British television producer. He was initially an actor, before switching to working behind the cameras in the industry as a script editor and writer on programmes such as Springhill and Emmerdale, later becoming the producer of Peak Practice, Doctor Who and Coronation Street.
/m/026n3rs	Craig Carlson is an American soap opera writer and novelist.
/m/01z0rcq	Mary-Kate Olsen is an American actress, fashion designer, producer, author, and businesswoman. She co-founded luxury fashion brands The Row, Elizabeth and James, and the more affordable lines Olsenboye and StyleMint alongside her twin sister Ashley Olsen. Olsen pursued acting independently as an adult until 2012.
/m/0fht9f	The LSU Tigers football team, also known as the Fighting Tigers or Bayou Bengals, represents Louisiana State University in the sport of American football. The Tigers compete in the Football Bowl Subdivision of the National Collegiate Athletics Association and the Western Division of the Southeastern Conference. LSU ended the 2013 season with 753 victories, the 11th most in Division I FBS NCAA history, and the 4th most of any SEC team, behind only Alabama, Tennessee, and Georgia. The Tigers also have the 11th highest winning percentage among teams with at least 1,000 games played.\nLSU has won three National Championships in 1958, 2003 and 2007. LSU won the BCS National Championship in 2004 with a 21–14 win over Oklahoma in the Nokia Sugar Bowl in New Orleans, and victory in the 2008 BCS National Championship Game versus the Ohio State Buckeyes with a 38–24 score, thus becoming the first team since the advent of the BCS to win multiple BCS national titles.\nLSU has been featured in a game with ESPN College GameDay on location a total of 20 times, and the show has aired from Baton Rouge a total of 9 times. The Tigers have now made at least one appearance on the show in each of the past 10 seasons.
/m/0chnf	Solaris is a Unix operating system originally developed by Sun Microsystems. It superseded their earlier SunOS in 1993. Oracle Solaris, as it is now known, has been owned by Oracle Corporation since Oracle's acquisition of Sun in January 2010.\nSolaris is known for its scalability, especially on SPARC systems, and for originating many innovative features such as DTrace, ZFS and Time Slider. Solaris supports SPARC-based and x86-based workstations and servers from Oracle and other vendors, with efforts underway to port to additional platforms. Solaris is registered as compliant with the Single Unix Specification.\nSolaris was historically developed as proprietary software. Subsequently, in June 2005, Sun Microsystems released most of the codebase under the CDDL license, and founded the OpenSolaris open source project. With OpenSolaris, Sun wanted to build a developer and user community around the software. After the acquisition of Sun Microsystems in January 2010, Oracle decided to discontinue the OpenSolaris distribution and the development model. Just ten days before the internal Oracle memo announcing this decision to employees was \"leaked\", Garrett D'Amore had announced the illumos project, creating a fork of the Solaris kernel and launching what has since become a thriving alternative to Oracle Solaris.
/m/06dv3	Russell Ira Crowe is a New Zealand actor, film producer and musician based in Australia and the United States. He came to international attention for his role as the Roman General Maximus Decimus Meridius in the 2000 historical epic film Gladiator, directed by Ridley Scott, for which Crowe won an Academy Award for Best Actor, a Broadcast Film Critics Association Award for Best Actor, an Empire Award for Best Actor and a London Film Critics Circle Award for Best Actor and 10 further nominations for best actor. Crowe appeared as the tobacco firm whistle blower Jeffrey Wigand in the 1999 film The Insider, for which he received five awards as best actor and seven nominations in the same category. In 2001, Crowe's portrayal of mathematician and Nobel Prize winner John F. Nash in the biopic A Beautiful Mind brought him numerous awards, including a BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role, a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a Motion Picture Drama and a Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Leading Role.\nCrowe's other films include L.A. Confidential, Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World, Cinderella Man, 3:10 to Yuma, American Gangster, Body of Lies and Robin Hood. Crowe's work has earned him several accolades during his career including a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, three Academy Award nominations in a row, one Golden Globe Award for Best Actor, one BAFTA, and an Academy Award. Due to his success and character variety, some critics have called him a \"virtuoso\" actor. He is also co-owner of the South Sydney Rabbitohs, an Australian National Rugby League team. Crowe portrayed Javert in Les Misérables, an adaptation of the popular musical. He appeared in Man of Steel, where he played Jor-El, the father of Superman. In 2014, he co-starred in Winter's Tale, based on the 1983 novel of the same name, and will star in Noah, in which he will play the titular biblical patriarch.
/m/029spt	South Somerset is a local government district in Somerset, England.\nThe South Somerset district covers and area of 370 square miles ranging from the borders with Devon and Dorset to the edge of the Somerset Levels. It has a population of approximately 158,000. The administrative centre of the district is Yeovil.\nThe district was formed on 1 April 1974, and was originally known as Yeovil, adopting its present name in 1985. It was formed by the merger of the municipal boroughs of Chard, Yeovil, along with Crewkerne and Ilminster urban districts and the Chard Rural District, Langport Rural District, Wincanton Rural District and Yeovil Rural District.\nThe Council covers the whole of the Yeovil constituency, and part of Somerton and Frome.\nIt is currently Liberal Democrat controlled, and has Beacon Council status.
/m/030jj7	Curb Records is an independent record label started by Mike Curb originally as Sidewalk Records in 1963. From 1969 to 1973 Curb merged with MGM Records where Curb served as President of MGM and Verve Records.
/m/03j1p2n	William Orbit is an English musician, composer and record producer. In the early 1980s he formed synthpop act Torch Song with Laurie Mayer and Grant Gilbert. In 1987 he released the first of his Strange Cargo album series, containing ambient music.\nTowards the end of the 1990s Orbit started to work with bigger name artists, producing songs on Ray of Light and Music by Madonna, 13 and Think Tank by Blur and Saints and Sinners by All Saints. His work with Madonna led him to win three Grammys. He worked again with Madonna on her 2012 album MDNA producing six songs.
/m/01fml	The Liberal Party was a liberal political movement that formed one of the two major political parties in the United Kingdom during the 19th and early 20th centuries. Its influence then waned, but not before it had moved toward social liberalism and introduced important elements of Britain's welfare state.\nThe party arose from an alliance of Whigs and free-trade Peelites and Radicals during the 1850s. By the end of the nineteenth century, it had formed four governments under William Gladstone – one of the party's most significant leaders – although they were punctuated by heavy election defeats. Despite becoming divided over the issue of Irish Home Rule, the party returned to power in 1906 with a landslide victory and, between then and the onset of World War I, Liberal governments oversaw the welfare reforms that created a basic British welfare state. During this time, the party's other two most significant leaders came to the fore: Herbert Asquith, Prime Minister between 1908 and 1916; and David Lloyd George, who followed Asquith as Prime Minister for the rest of World War I and thereafter until 1922.\n1922 marked the end of the coalition the party had formed with the Conservative Party during the war and the last time the party was, in government, anything more than a junior coalition partner. By the end of the 1920s, the Labour Party had replaced it as the Tories' primary rival and the party went into a decline that, by the 1950s, saw it winning no more than six seats at general elections. Apart from a few notable by-election victories, the party's fortunes did not improve significantly until it formed the SDP–Liberal Alliance with the newly formed Social Democratic Party in 1981. At the next general election, in 1983, the Alliance received over a quarter of the overall vote, but only secured 23 out of the 650 seats contested. After the 1987 general election saw this share fall below 23%, the Liberal and SDP parties formally merged in 1988 to form the Liberal Democrats. A small splinter Liberal Party was formed in 1989 by former party members opposed to the merger.
/m/06kbb6	Stirling Dale Silliphant was an American screenwriter and producer. His father, Sterling Silliphant, was a Canadian who immigrated to the United States in 1911, becoming a U.S. citizen in 1916. His mother was Ethel M. Silliphant. He had one brother, Leigh, who was three years younger.\nBorn in Detroit, Michigan, his family moved to Glendale, California when he was a child. He graduated from Hoover High School, and was educated at the University of Southern California. He may be best known for his screenplay for In the Heat of the Night and co-creating the television series Route 66. Other features as screenwriter include the Irwin Allen productions The Towering Inferno and The Poseidon Adventure, adapting both films from previously published novels. In the case of The Towering Inferno, he was tasked with blending two entirely unrelated novels into a single screenplay.\nHe was a close friend of Bruce Lee, under whom he studied martial arts. Lee was featured in the Silliphant-penned detective movie Marlowe and four episodes of the series Longstreet. Silliphant reportedly recommended Lee for action choreography work. They had been working on a philosophical martial arts script, The Silent Flute, which was star Lee and James Coburn, and the pre-production even went to the extent of all three going to India on a location hunt.
/m/0h5j77	Mikael Salomon is a Danish filmmaker. After a long cinematography career in Danish cinema, he transitioned to the Hollywood film industry in the late 1980s and has remained highly prolific there. He has been Oscar nominated twice.\nSalomon's film credits include cinematography for The Abyss and Backdraft, as well as co-directing the miniseries Band of Brothers, in 2001.
/m/0z4_0	Norman is a U.S. city in Oklahoma 20 miles south of downtown Oklahoma City in its metropolitan area. Norman's 110,925 residents make it the third-largest city in Oklahoma by population, and the city serves as the county seat of Cleveland County.\nNorman was settled during the Land Run of 1889, which opened the former Indian Territory and Unassigned Lands to American pioneer settlement. The city was named in honor of its first land surveyor, Abner Norman, and was formally incorporated on May 13, 1891. Economically the city has prominent higher education and related research industries including as the home to the University of Oklahoma, the largest university in the state with approximately 30,000 students enrolled. The university is well known for its sporting events, with over 80,000 people routinely attending football games. The university is also home to several museums including the Fred Jones Jr. Museum of Art, which contains the largest collection of French Impressionist art ever given to an American university.\nThe National Weather Center, located in Norman, houses a unique collection of university, state, and federal organizations that work together to improve the understanding of events related to the Earth's atmosphere. Norman lies within Tornado Alley, a geographic region where tornadic activity is predominant. The Oklahoma City metropolitan area, including Norman, is the most tornado-prone area in the United States. In addition to this, the SPC or Storm Prediction Center, a branch of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, is in Norman due to its location. The facility is used for forecasting severe storm and tornado outbreaks in addition to housing various experimental weather radars.
/m/0flw6	Jeffrey Leon \"Jeff\" Bridges is an American actor, country musician, and producer. He comes from a well-known acting family and began his televised acting in 1958 as a child with his father, Lloyd Bridges, and brother, Beau, on television's Sea Hunt. He won the Academy Award for Best Actor for his role as Otis \"Bad\" Blake in the 2009 film Crazy Heart and earned Academy Award nominations for his roles in The Last Picture Show, Thunderbolt and Lightfoot, Starman, The Contender, and True Grit. Among his other best-known major motion films are: The Big Lebowski, Fearless, Iron Man, The Fabulous Baker Boys, Jagged Edge, Against All Odds, The Fisher King, Seabiscuit, Arlington Road, Tron and Tron: Legacy.
/m/01b_lz	Law & Order: Special Victims Unit is an American police procedural, legal, crime drama television series set in New York City, where it is also primarily produced. In the style of the original Law & Order, episodes are often \"ripped from the headlines\" or loosely based on real crimes that have received media attention. Created and produced by Dick Wolf, the series premiered on NBC on September 20, 1999 as the first spin-off of Wolf's successful crime drama, Law & Order. The show started its 15th season on September 25, 2013 and has aired 334 original episodes as of February 26, 2014. It is the current longest running scripted non-animated U.S. primetime TV series and is tied with ER for the spot of sixth longest running scripted U.S. primetime TV series.\nLaw & Order: Special Victims Unit originally centered almost exclusively on the detectives of the Special Victims Unit in a fictional version of the 16th Precinct of the New York City Police Department. As the series progressed, additional supporting characters were added as allies of the detectives in the New York County Manhattan District Attorney's office and the Medical Examiner's office. Typical episodes follow the detectives and their colleagues as they investigate and prosecute sexually based offenses. The show starred Christopher Meloni as Detective Elliot Stabler and Mariska Hargitay as Detective Olivia Benson for its first twelve seasons until the former left the cast, unable to come to an agreement on his contract.
/m/06xj93	Khazar Lankaran FK is an Azerbaijani football club based in Lankaran, who play in the Azerbaijan Premier League. The club was founded in 2004 and have played at their current home ground, Lankaran City Stadium, since 2005.\nKhazar Lankaran have won the Premier league title only once, and the Azerbaijan Cup three times.\nThey have a fierce rivalry with Neftchi Baku. The Böyük Oyun rivalry between Neftchi and Khazar has been played since 2004. The club is also a member of the European Club Association, an organization that replaced the previous G-14 which consists of major football clubs in Europe.
/m/0k80c	Real-time strategy is a sub-genre of strategy video game which does not progress incrementally in turns. Brett Sperry is credited with coining the term to market Dune II.\nIn an RTS, as in other wargames, the participants position and maneuver units and structures under their control to secure areas of the map and/or destroy their opponents' assets. In a typical RTS, it is possible to create additional units and structures during the course of a game. This is generally limited by a requirement to expend accumulated resources. These resources are in turn garnered by controlling special points on the map and/or possessing certain types of units and structures devoted to this purpose. More specifically, the typical game of the RTS genre features resource gathering, base building, in-game technological development and indirect control of units.\nThe tasks a player must perform to succeed at an RTS can be very demanding, and complex user interfaces have evolved to cope with the challenge. Some features have been borrowed from desktop environments; for example, the technique of \"clicking and dragging\" to select all units under a given area.\nThough some game genres share conceptual and gameplay similarities with the RTS template, recognized genres are generally not subsumed as RTS games. For instance, city-building games, construction and management simulations, and games of the real-time tactics variety are generally not considered to be \"real-time strategy\".
/m/01fm_	The Social Democratic Party was a centrist political party in the United Kingdom that was created on 26 March 1981 and existed until 1988. It was founded by four senior Labour Party 'moderates', dubbed the 'Gang of Four': Roy Jenkins, David Owen, Bill Rodgers and Shirley Williams. At the time of the SDP's creation, Owen and Rodgers were sitting Labour Members of Parliament; Jenkins had left Parliament in 1977 to serve as President of the European Commission, while Williams had lost her seat in the 1979 general election. The four left the Labour Party as a result of policy changes enacted at the January 1981 Wembley conference which committed the party to unilateral nuclear disarmament and withdrawal from the European Economic Community. They also believed that Labour had become too left-wing, and had been allegedly infiltrated at constituency party level by Trotskyist factions whose views and behaviour they considered to be at odds with the Parliamentary Labour Party and Labour voters.\nFor the 1983 and 1987 General Elections, the SDP formed a political and electoral alliance with the Liberal Party known as the SDP–Liberal Alliance. After a ballot of members and the passing of a motion at the 1987 Portsmouth conference, the party merged with the Liberal Party in 1988 to form a unified party known as the Liberal Democrats, initially known as the Social and Liberal Democrats, although a minority left to form a continuing SDP led by David Owen.
/m/0d_wr7	John \"Jack\" Abbott Jr. is a fictional character from the American CBS soap opera The Young and the Restless. The character was first introduced in 1980 being portrayed by Terry Lester. Lester departed from the series in 1989 and replaced by Peter Bergman shortly after. Bergman relocated to California for the role after he successfully auditioned for the part. He first aired on November 27, 1989. Jack is known for his longstanding feud with the men of the Newman family patriarch, Victor Newman as well as his romances with Nikki Newman, Phyllis Summers and Sharon Newman. Jack has represented the Abbott family as the patriarch since the 2006 passing of his father, John Abbott, Sr.
/m/06jjbp	Euro disco is the variety of European forms of electronic dance music that first originated from disco in the 1970s; incorporating elements of pop, new wave and rock into a disco-like continuous dance atmosphere. Many Euro disco compositions feature lyrics sung in English, although the singers often share a different mother tongue.\nEuro disco derivatives generally include Europop and Eurodance, with the most prominent subgenres being space disco of the late 1970s and Italo disco of the early 1980s. The genre has declined in popularity after 1985 in preference to synth rock and Hi-NRG, with a small revival of Italo disco in the late 1990s.
/m/016kkx	James Garner is an American film and television actor, one of the first Hollywood actors to excel in both media. He has starred in several television series spanning a career of more than five decades. These included his popular roles as Bret Maverick in the 1950s western-comedy series, Maverick, and Jim Rockford in the 1970s detective drama, The Rockford Files. He has starred in more than fifty films, including The Great Escape, Paddy Chayefsky's The Americanization of Emily, Blake Edwards' Victor Victoria, Murphy's Romance, for which he received an Academy Award nomination, and The Notebook.
/m/01xq0k1	Cattle are the most common type of large domesticated ungulates. They are a prominent modern member of the subfamily Bovinae, are the most widespread species of the genus Bos, and are most commonly classified collectively as Bos primigenius. Cattle are raised as livestock for meat, as dairy animals for milk and other dairy products, and as draft animals. Other products include leather and dung for manure or fuel. In some regions, such as parts of India, cattle have significant religious meaning. From as few as 80 progenitors domesticated in southeast Turkey about 10,500 years ago, an estimated 1.3 billion cattle are in the world today. In 2009, cattle became the first livestock animal to have a fully mapped genome.
/m/020p1	The Cook Islands is an island country in the South Pacific Ocean in free association with New Zealand. It comprises 15 small islands whose total land area is 240 square kilometres. The Cook Islands' Exclusive Economic Zone, however, covers 1,800,000 square kilometres of ocean.\nThe Cook Islands' defence and foreign affairs are the responsibility of New Zealand, which is exercised in consultation with the Cook Islands. In recent times, the Cook Islands have adopted an increasingly independent foreign policy. Although Cook Islanders are citizens of New Zealand, they have the status of Cook Islands nationals, which is not given to other New Zealand citizens.\nThe Cook Islands' main population centres are on the island of Rarotonga, where there is an international airport. There is a much larger population of Cook Islanders in New Zealand, particularly the North Island. In the 2006 census, 58,008 self-identified as being of ethnic Cook Islands Māori descent.\nWith about 100,000 visitors travelling to the islands in the 2010–11 financial year, tourism is the country's main industry, and the leading element of the economy, far ahead of offshore banking, pearls, and marine and fruit exports.
/m/01z_g6	Julianna Luisa Margulies is an American actress and producer.\nAfter several small television roles, Margulies achieved both critical and commercial success in her role as Nurse Carol Hathaway on NBC's long-running medical drama ER, for which she won an Emmy Award. After her departure from ER in 2000, Margulies appeared in the 2001 miniseries The Mists of Avalon and voiced the role of Neera in Disney's CGI film Dinosaur. In 2009 she took the lead role of Alicia Florrick in the American legal drama The Good Wife on CBS, for which she has won a Golden Globe, a Television Critics Association Award and the 2011 Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series.\nMargulies has won seven Screen Actor Guild Awards; three for her performance as an actress in a leading role in a drama series, and four for being the member of the best ensemble cast in a drama series.
/m/02_fkk	A Mustang horse is a free-roaming horse of the North American west that first descended from horses brought to the Americas by the Spanish. Mustangs are often referred to as wild horses, but there is debate over terminology. Because they are descended from once-domesticated horses, they can be classified as feral horses.\nIn 1971, the United States Congress recognized Mustangs as \"living symbols of the historic and pioneer spirit of the West, which continue to contribute to the diversity of life forms within the Nation and enrich the lives of the American people.\" Today, Mustang herds vary in the degree to which they can be traced to original Iberian horses. Some contain a greater genetic mixture of ranch stock and more recent breed releases, while others are relatively unchanged from the original Iberian stock, most strongly represented in the most isolated populations.\nToday, the Mustang population is managed and protected by the Bureau of Land Management. Controversy surrounds the sharing of land and resources by the free ranging Mustangs with the livestock of the ranching industry, and also with the methods with which the federal government manages the wild population numbers. An additional debate centers on the question if Mustangs—and horses in general—are a native species or an introduced invasive species. Many methods of population management are used, including the adoption by private individuals of horses taken from the range.
/m/021gk7	Origin Systems, Inc. was a video game developer based in Austin, Texas, which was active from 1983 to 2004. It is most famous for the Ultima and Wing Commander series.
/m/03ys48	The Slovenia national football team is the national football team of Slovenia and is controlled by the Football Association of Slovenia. The team played its first match in 1992 after the split of Yugoslavia in 1991.\nSlovenia was a surprise qualifier for UEFA Euro 2000, when they beat Ukraine in a playoff. The team then drew with Yugoslavia and Norway, and lost to Spain 2–1. Slovenia achieved another major success two years later, qualifying for the 2002 World Cup, this time defeating Romania in a playoff. The team did not lose a match in its whole qualifying campaign, recording six wins and six draws, but not scoring any points in the group stage of the finals.\nDespite failing to qualify for the 2006 World Cup, it was the only team to beat eventual winner Italy with a 1–0 victory on home turf. In 1995 Slovenia played Italy to a 1–1 draw in the qualifying campaign for UEFA Euro 1996. In November 2009, Slovenia defeated Russia in a playoff to clinch a berth in the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
/m/034f0d	Artisan Entertainment Inc. was a privately held independent American movie studio until it was purchased by a Canadian studio, Lions Gate, in 2003. At the time of its acquisition, Artisan had a library of thousands of films developed through acquisition, original production, and production and distribution agreements. Mark Amin funded Artisan and sale was rumored to be backed by Keyur Patel, a media investor in formation of new studio. Its headquarters and private screening room were located in Santa Monica, California. It also had an office in TriBeCa, Lower Manhattan, New York City.\nThe company owned the home video rights to the film libraries of Republic Pictures and Carolco Pictures. They also owned Family Home Entertainment.\nArtisan's releases included Requiem for a Dream, Pi, Grizzly Falls, Killing Zoe, National Lampoon's Van Wilder, The Blair Witch Project, Novocaine, and Startup.com.
/m/026n9h3	Trent Jones is an American soap opera writer, singer, and actor. His wife is Francesca Jones, a freelance artist. He is a graduate of the Choate Rosemary Hall school in Wallingford, Connecticut.\nHe began playing rock star Ken George Jones on the ABC soap opera Ryan's Hope. He not only acted in the role, but sang and even composed some of his character's songs. He later was hired to become a script writer for that show.\nHe became a writer of the CBS soap operas Guiding Light, Search for Tomorrow, As the World Turns, and the highest rated daytime serial, The Young and the Restless. He was also head writer of Tribes in 1990 and co-head writer of The Young and The Restless from 2000-2004. Most recently he created the web series \"Feed Me,\" produced by Gordon Elliot.\nHe lives in Westchester, New York with his wife. He has four daughters and one son.
/m/05f0r8	Gordon Douglas was an American film director, who directed many different genres of films over the course of a five-decade career in motion pictures. He was a native of New York City.
/m/0284b56	Before the Devil Knows You're Dead is a 2007 crime drama film directed by Sidney Lumet, his last feature film before his death in 2011.\nWritten by Kelly Masterson, the film stars Philip Seymour Hoffman, Ethan Hawke, Marisa Tomei, and Albert Finney. The title comes from the Irish saying: \"May you be in heaven a full half-hour before the devil knows you're dead\". The film unfolds non-linearly, repeatedly going back and forth in time, with some scenes shown from various points of view.\nThe film received critical acclaim, and was selected as one of 2007's ten most influential American films by the American Film Institute at the 2007 AFI Awards.
/m/050llt	Aishwarya Rai, also known as Aishwarya Rai Bachchan, is an Indian film actress and model. She was the first runner-up of the Miss India pageant, and the winner of the Miss World pageant of 1994. She is a leading contemporary actress of Indian cinema and has received two Filmfare Awards, two Screen Awards, and two IIFA Awards for her performances in Hindi language films of Bollywood. Rai is regarded as one of the most popular and influential celebrities in India, and is often cited in the media as the \"most beautiful woman in the world\".\nRai made her acting debut in the 1997 biographical film Iruvar and starred in the commercially successful 1998 film Jeans. She earned wide public recognition and Best Actress awards at Filmfare for her leading roles in Sanjay Leela Bhansali's 1999 melodrama Hum Dil De Chuke Sanam and the 2002 period film Devdas. She gained critical appreciation for her portrayal of Tagore's heroine Binodini in Rituparno Ghosh's 2003 film Chokher Bali, and a depressed woman in Ghosh's 2004 relationship drama Raincoat. Following a series of commercially unsuccessful films, Rai featured in the 2006 blockbuster adventure film Dhoom 2, the 2008 historical romance Jodhaa Akbar, and the 2010 science fiction film Enthiran. She garnered wide critical acclaim for her work in Bhansali's 2010 romantic drama Guzaarish.
/m/05mph	Oklahoma is a state located in the South Central United States. Oklahoma is the 20th most extensive and the 28th most populous of the 50 United States. The state's name is derived from the Choctaw words okla and humma, meaning \"red people\". It is also known informally by its nickname, The Sooner State, honoring the European settlers, and the Indian Appropriations Act of 1889, which opened the door for white settlement in America's Indian Territory. The name was settled upon statehood, Oklahoma Territory and Indian Territory were merged and Indian was dropped from the name. On November 16, 1907, Oklahoma became the 46th state to enter the union. Its residents are known as Oklahomans or, informally \"Okies\", and its capital and largest city is Oklahoma City.\nA major producer of natural gas, oil, and agriculture, Oklahoma relies on an economic base of aviation, energy, telecommunications, and biotechnology. In 2007, it had one of the fastest growing economies in the nation, ranking among the top states in per capita income growth and gross domestic product growth. Oklahoma City and Tulsa serve as Oklahoma's primary economic anchors, with nearly two thirds of Oklahomans living within their metropolitan statistical areas.
/m/0mrq3	Galveston County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. As of the 2010 census, the population was 291,309. Its county seat is Galveston. League City is the largest city in Galveston County in terms of population; between 2000 and 2005 it surpassed Galveston as the county's largest city. Galveston County was founded in 1838.\nGalveston County is part of the Houston–The Woodlands–Sugar Land metropolitan area.
/m/0lfgr	Tufts University is a private research university located in Medford/Somerville, near Boston, in the U.S. state of Massachusetts. The university is organized into ten schools, including two undergraduate programs and eight graduate divisions, on four campuses in Massachusetts and the French Alps. The university emphasizes active citizenship and public service in all of its disciplines and is known for its internationalism and study abroad programs. Among its schools is the United States' oldest graduate school of international relations, The Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy.\nTufts College was founded in 1852 by Christian Universalists who worked for years to open a non-sectarian institution of higher learning. Charles Tufts donated the land for the campus on Walnut Hill, the highest point in Medford, saying that he wanted to set a \"light on the hill.\" The name was changed to Tufts University in 1954, although the corporate name remains \"the Trustees of Tufts College.\" For more than a century, Tufts was a small New England liberal arts college. The French-American nutritionist Jean Mayer became president of Tufts in the late 1970s and, through a series of rapid acquisitions, transformed the school into an internationally renowned research university. It is known as both a Little Ivy and a \"New Ivy\" and consistently ranks among the nation's top schools.
/m/0n2k5	Hamilton County is a county located in the southwest corner of the state of Ohio, United States. The county seat is Cincinnati. According to the 2010 census, it has a population of 802,374, which is a decrease of 5.1% from 845,303 in 2000. This made it the third most populous county in Ohio. The county is named for the first Secretary of the Treasury, Alexander Hamilton.\nHamilton County is part of the Cincinnati–Middletown, OH-KY-IN Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/011ycb	Quiz Show is a 1994 American historical drama film produced and directed by Robert Redford, and written by Paul Attanasio, based on Richard N. Goodwin's memoir Remembering America. It stars John Turturro, Rob Morrow, and Ralph Fiennes, with Paul Scofield, David Paymer, Hank Azaria, and Christopher McDonald appearing in supporting roles.\nThe film chronicles the Twenty One quiz show scandals of the 1950s, the rise and fall of popular contestant Charles Van Doren after the rigged loss of Herb Stempel, and Congressional investigator Richard Goodwin's subsequent probe. Goodwin co-produced the film.
/m/0l9k1	Ernst Lubitsch was a German American actor, screenwriter, producer and film director. His urbane comedies of manners gave him the reputation of being Hollywood's most elegant and sophisticated director; as his prestige grew, his films were promoted as having \"the Lubitsch touch.\"\nIn 1947 he received an Honorary Academy Award for his distinguished contributions to the art of the motion picture, and he was nominated three times for Best Director.
/m/05fky	North Dakota is the 39th state of the United States, having been admitted to the union on November 2, 1889. It is located in the Upper Midwestern region of the United States, bordered by the Canadian provinces of Saskatchewan and Manitoba to the north, the states of Minnesota to the east, South Dakota to the south, and Montana to the west. The state capitol is located in Bismarck and the largest city is Fargo. Currently, North Dakota is the 19th most extensive but the 3rd least populous and the 4th least densely populated of the 50 United States.\nThe primary public universities are located in Grand Forks and Fargo. The U.S. Air Force operates air bases near Minot and Grand Forks.\nNorth Dakota has weathered the Great Recession with a boom in natural resources, particularly a boom in oil extraction from the Bakken formation, which lies beneath the western part of the state. The development has driven strong job and population growth, and low unemployment.
/m/04ljl_l	The Razzie Award for Worst Supporting Actor is an award presented at the annual Golden Raspberry Awards to the worst supporting actor of the previous year. The following is a list of nominees and recipients of that award, along with the film for which they were nominated. Brooke Shields is the first and only actress to ever win the Razzie Award for Worst Supporting Actor. Hayden Christensen is the only actor to win two Razzie Awards for the same role, and one of only two actors to win in this category more than once, the other being Dan Aykroyd.\nAs of 2013, no winner of this category has ever showed up at the ceremony and accepted the award in person. Although, Tom Selleck was presented his award while a guest on The Chevy Chase Show and Barry Pepper acknowledged his win and stated, after the fact, that had he known about the award ahead of time, he would have gladly shown up and accepted in person.
/m/02lm0t	Kevin Maurice Garnett, nicknamed \"K.G.\", is an American professional basketball power forward and center with the Brooklyn Nets of the National Basketball Association. In high school, Garnett was a 1995 McDonald's All-American at Farragut Career Academy and won a national player of the year award. Garnett entered the 1995 NBA Draft, where he was selected with the 5th overall pick by the Minnesota Timberwolves and became the first NBA player drafted directly out of high school in 20 years.\nGarnett made an immediate impact with the Minnesota Timberwolves leading them to eight-consecutive playoff appearances. In 2004, Garnett led the Timberwolves to the Western Conference Finals and won the NBA Most Valuable Player Award. Since his second season in the NBA, Garnett has been named to 15 All-Star Games, winning the All-Star MVP award in 2003, and is currently tied for 2nd-most All-Star selections in NBA history. He was awarded the regular season's NBA Defensive Player of the Year in the 2007–08 season and has been a nine-time member of the All-NBA Teams selection and a twelve-time member of the All-Defensive Teams selection. Garnett currently holds several all-time Timberwolves franchise records.
/m/02z2xdf	Christine Langan is an English film producer who has been Head of BBC Films since April 2009.\nAfter graduating from Cambridge University in 1987 and working in advertising for three years, Langan joined Granada Television's drama serials department where she script edited daytime soap operas. From there, she transferred to Granada's newly created comedy department, where she developed the acclaimed television series Cold Feet, and other one-off comedies. In 2000, she left Granada to become a freelance producer, and produced the romantic comedy series Rescue Me for the BBC. She returned to Granada in 2002, where she produced the acclaimed dramas The Deal and Dirty Filthy Love. She made her feature film production debut on Pierrepoint, which got her a Carl Foreman Award nomination at the 60th British Academy Film Awards. Langan also produced The Queen for Granada, which won the BAFTA Award for Best Film and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture.\nIn 2006, Langan became an executive producer at BBC Films, developing features such as The Other Boleyn Girl and The Duchess. In April 2009, she was appointed Creative Director of BBC Films, giving her control of a £12 million annual budget and which projects are commissioned for development. By 2010, Langan had led BBC Films to a record 13 nominations at the British Academy Film Awards, which included In the Loop, Fish Tank and An Education.
/m/02mpyh	The Talented Mr. Ripley is a 1999 American psychological thriller, written for the screen and directed by Anthony Minghella, and is an adaptation of the Patricia Highsmith 1955 novel of the same name, which was previously filmed as Plein Soleil in 1960.\nStarring Matt Damon as Tom Ripley, Gwyneth Paltrow as Marge Sherwood, Jude Law as Dickie Greenleaf, Cate Blanchett as Meredith Logue, Philip Seymour Hoffman as Freddie Miles, Jack Davenport as Peter Smith-Kingsley, James Rebhorn as Herbert Greenleaf, and Celia Weston as Aunt Joan.
/m/0hqgp	Franz Liszt, T.O.S.F., in modern use Liszt Ferenc; from 1859 to 1867 officially Franz Ritter von Liszt, was a 19th-century Hungarian composer, virtuoso pianist, conductor, teacher and Franciscan tertiary.\nLiszt gained renown in Europe during the early nineteenth century for his virtuosic skill as a pianist. He was said by his contemporaries to have been the most technically advanced pianist of his age, and in the 1840s he was considered by some to be perhaps the greatest pianist of all time. Liszt was also a well-known and influential composer, piano teacher and conductor. He was a benefactor to other composers, including Richard Wagner, Hector Berlioz, Camille Saint-Saëns, Edvard Grieg and Alexander Borodin.\nAs a composer, Liszt was one of the most prominent representatives of the \"Neudeutsche Schule\". He left behind an extensive and diverse body of work in which he influenced his forward-looking contemporaries and anticipated some 20th-century ideas and trends. Some of his most notable contributions were the invention of the symphonic poem, developing the concept of thematic transformation as part of his experiments in musical form and making radical departures in harmony. He also played an important role in popularizing a wide array of music by transcribing it for piano.
/m/018lc_	Niagara Falls is a Canadian city on the western bank of the Niagara River in the Golden Horseshoe region of Southern Ontario, with a population of 82,997 at the 2011 census. The municipality was incorporated on June 12, 1903. Across the Niagara River is Niagara Falls, New York.\nThe city is dominated by the Niagara Falls, a world-famous set of three large waterfalls on the Niagara River. Both the American and Horseshoe falls can be best seen from the Canadian side of the river, so the city has one of the major tourist attractions of the world. The natural spectacle attracts millions of tourists yearly.\nThis area, which stretches along the Niagara Parkway and tourist promenade, is particularly concentrated at the brink of the falls. Apart from the natural attractions along the river, it includes observation towers, high-rise hotels, souvenir shops, casinos and theatres, mostly with colourful neon billboards and advertisements, and sufficient parking to accommodate visitors. Further to the north or south, golf courses are operated alongside historic sites from the War of 1812.
/m/039fgy	Thirtysomething is an American television drama about a group of baby boomers in their late thirties. It was created by Marshall Herskovitz and Edward Zwick for MGM/UA Television Group and The Bedford Falls Company, and aired on ABC. It premiered in the U.S. on September 29, 1987. It lasted four seasons, with the last of its 85 episodes airing on May 28, 1991.\nThe title of the show was designed as thirtysomething by Kathie Broyles, who combined the words of the original title, Thirty Something.\nIn 1997, \"The Go Between\" and \"Samurai Ad Man\" were ranked #22 on TV Guide′s 100 Greatest Episodes of All Time.\nIn 2002, Thirtysomething was ranked #19 on TV Guide′s 50 Greatest TV Shows of All Time, and in 2013 TV Guide ranked it #10 in its list of The 60 Greatest Dramas of All Time.
/m/04f_d	Kansas City, often referred to by its initials, K.C., is the largest city in the U.S. state of Missouri and is the predominant city of a metropolitan area of more than two million people spanning the Missouri–Kansas border. It encompasses 316 square miles in parts of Jackson, Clay, Cass, and Platte counties. It is one of two county seats of Jackson County, the other being Independence, which is to the city's east.\nKansas City was founded in 1838 as the Town of Kansas at the confluence of the Missouri and Kansas rivers and was incorporated in its present form in 1853. Situated opposite Kansas City, Kansas, the city was the location of several battles during the Civil War, including the Battle of Westport. The city is well known for its contributions to the musical styles of jazz and blues as well as to cuisine, notably Kansas City-style barbecue. In March 2012, downtown Kansas City was selected as one of America's best downtowns by Forbes magazine for its rich culture in arts, numerous fountains, upscale shopping and various local cuisine – most notably barbecue.
/m/03x_k5m	Anchor Bay Entertainment is an American home entertainment and production company. It is a division of Starz Media, which is a unit of and a joint venture with Starz Inc., which owns 75%, and The Weinstein Company, which owns 25%. It was owned by IDT Entertainment until 2006 when IDT was purchased by Starz Media. Anchor Bay markets and sells feature films, series, television specials and short films to consumers worldwide. In 2004, Anchor Bay agreed to have its movies distributed by 20th Century Fox Home Entertainment and renewed their deal in 2011.\nAnchor Bay also has a film studio known as Anchor Bay Films which mainly distributes independent theatrical films.
/m/018mxj	EasyJet is a British airline carrier based at London Luton Airport. It is the largest airline of the United Kingdom, measured by number of passengers carried, operating domestic and international scheduled services on over 600 routes in 32 countries. EasyJet plc is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index. As of 30 September 2013, it employed 8,300 people, based throughout Europe but mainly in the UK.\nEasyJet has seen rapid expansion since its establishment in 1995, having grown through a combination of acquisitions and base openings fuelled by consumer demand for low-cost air travel. The airline, along with subsidiary airline EasyJet Switzerland, now operates over 200 aircraft, mostly Airbus A319. It has 23 bases across Europe, the largest being Gatwick. In 2013, EasyJet carried over 60 million passengers and is the second-largest low-cost carrier in Europe, behind Ryanair.\nEasyJet was featured in the television series Airline broadcast on ITV which followed the airline's operations at London Luton and later at other bases.
/m/08k40m	Hot Fuzz is a 2007 British action crime comedy film directed and co-written by Edgar Wright, and co-written and starring Simon Pegg alongside Nick Frost. The three and the film's producer Nira Park had previously worked together on the television series Spaced and the 2004 film Shaun of the Dead. The film follows two police officers attempting to solve a series of mysterious deaths in a small English village.\nOver a hundred action films were used as inspiration for developing the script, which Wright and Pegg worked on together. Filming took place over eleven weeks in early 2006, and featured an extensive cast along with various uncredited cameos. Visual effects were developed by ten artists to expand on or add explosions, gore, and gunfire scenes.\nDebuting on 14 February 2007 in the United Kingdom and 20 April in the United States, Hot Fuzz received wide acclaim with a 91% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes and 81/100 from Metacritic. The total international box office gross reached $80,573,774 before its home media release. Shortly after the film's release, two different soundtracks were released in the UK and US.\nThe film is the second in Wright and Pegg's Three Flavours Cornetto trilogy and was preceded by 2004's Shaun of the Dead and followed by 2013's The World's End; each of them featuring a different flavour of Cornetto ice cream.
/m/0k2m6	Ran is a 1985 Japanese-French jidaigeki epic film directed and co-written by Akira Kurosawa. The film stars Tatsuya Nakadai as Hidetora Ichimonji, an aging Sengoku-era warlord who decides to abdicate as ruler in favor of his three sons. The story is based on legends of the daimyo Mōri Motonari, as well as on the Shakespearean tragedy King Lear.\nRan was Kurosawa's last epic. With a budget of $12 million, it was the most expensive Japanese film ever produced up to that time. Ran was released on May 31, 1985 at the Tokyo International Film Festival and on June 1, 1985 in Japan. The film was hailed for its powerful images and use of color—costume designer Emi Wada won an Academy Award for Costume Design for her work on Ran. The distinctive Gustav Mahler–inspired film score, written by Toru Takemitsu, plays in isolation with ambient sound muted.
/m/03_f0	Johann Sebastian Bach was a German composer, organist, harpsichordist, violist, and violinist of the Baroque period. He enriched established German styles through his skill in counterpoint, harmonic and motivic organisation, and the adaptation of rhythms, forms, and textures from abroad, particularly from Italy and France. Bach's compositions include the Brandenburg Concertos, the Mass in B minor, the The Well-Tempered Clavier, two Passions, keyboard works, and more than 300 cantatas, of which nearly 100 cantatas have been lost to posterity. His music is revered for its intellectual depth, technical command, and artistic beauty.\nBach was born in Eisenach, Saxe-Eisenach, into a great musical family; his father, Johann Ambrosius Bach, was the director of the town musicians, and all of his uncles were professional musicians. His father probably taught him to play violin and harpsichord, and his brother, Johann Christoph Bach, taught him the clavichord and exposed him to much contemporary music. Apparently at his own initiative, Bach attended St Michael's School in Lüneburg for two years. After graduating, he held several musical posts across Germany: he served as Kapellmeister to Leopold, Prince of Anhalt-Köthen, Cantor of Thomasschule in Leipzig, and Royal Court Composer to August III. Bach's health and vision declined in 1749, and he died on 28 July 1750. Modern historians believe that his death was caused by a combination of stroke and pneumonia.
/m/0p5vf	A Member of Parliament is the representative of the voters to a parliament. In many countries with bicameral parliaments, this category includes specifically members of the lower house, as upper houses often have a different title, such as senate, and thus also have different titles for its members, such as senator.\nMembers of parliament tend to form parliamentary groups with members of the same political party.
/m/0g6pl	Art Nouveau is an international philosophy and style of art, architecture and applied art—especially the decorative arts—that was most popular during 1890–1910. English uses the French name Art nouveau, but the style has many different names in other countries. A reaction to academic art of the 19th century, it was inspired by natural forms and structures, not only in flowers and plants, but also in curved lines. Architects tried to harmonize with the natural environment.\nArt Nouveau is considered a \"total\" art style, embracing architecture, graphic art, interior design, and most of the decorative arts including jewellery, furniture, textiles, household silver and other utensils and lighting, as well as the fine arts. According to the philosophy of the style, art should be a way of life. For many well-off Europeans, it was possible to live in an art nouveau-inspired house with art nouveau furniture, silverware, fabrics, ceramics including tableware, jewellery, cigarette cases, etc. Artists desired to combine the fine arts and applied arts, even for utilitarian objects.\nAlthough Art Nouveau was replaced by 20th-century Modernist styles, it is now considered as an important transition between the eclectic historic revival styles of the 19th-century and Modernism.
/m/02z81h	Sir Richard Rodney Bennett, CBE was an English composer renowned for his film scores and his jazz performance as much as for his challenging concert works. He was based in New York City from 1979 until his death in 2012.
/m/019kyn	Pinocchio is a 1940 American animated musical fantasy film produced by Walt Disney Productions and based on the story The Adventures of Pinocchio by Carlo Collodi. It was the second animated feature film produced by Disney, made after the success of Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs.\nThe plot of the film involves an old wood-carver named Geppetto who carves a wooden puppet named Pinocchio. The puppet is brought to life by a blue fairy, who informs him that he can become a real boy if he proves himself to be \"brave, truthful, and unselfish\". Pinocchio's efforts to become a real boy involve encounters with a host of unsavory characters. The film was adapted by Aurelius Battaglia, William Cottrell, Otto Englander, Erdman Penner, Joseph Sabo, Ted Sears, and Webb Smith from Collodi's book. The production was supervised by Ben Sharpsteen and Hamilton Luske, and the film's sequences were directed by Norman Ferguson, T. Hee, Wilfred Jackson, Jack Kinney, and Bill Roberts. Pinocchio was a groundbreaking achievement in the area of effects animation, giving realistic movement to vehicles, machinery and natural elements such as rain, lightning, snow, smoke, shadows and water. The film was released to theaters by RKO Radio Pictures on February 7, 1940.
/m/012vwb	Clemson University is an American public, coeducational, land-grant and sea-grant research university located in Clemson, South Carolina, United States.\nFounded in 1889, Clemson University consists of five colleges: Agriculture, Forestry and Life Sciences; Architecture, Arts and Humanities; Business and Behavioral Sciences; Engineering and Science; and Health, Education and Human Development. As of 2013, Clemson University enrolled a total of 16,931 undergraduate students for the fall semester and 4,372 graduate students and the student/faculty ratio is 16:1. The cost of in-state tuition is about $13,054 and out-of-state tuition is $30,488. According to US News and World Report, Clemson University ranks 21st among all national public universities.
/m/02_l96	Marlon L. Wayans is an American actor, model, producer, comedian, writer, and director of movies, beginning with his role as a pedestrian in I'm Gonna Git You Sucka in 1988. He frequently collaborates with his brother Shawn Wayans, as he was on the WB sitcom The Wayans Bros. and in the comedic films Scary Movie, Scary Movie 2, White Chicks, Little Man, and Dance Flick. However, Wayans had a dramatic role in Darren Aronofsky's critically acclaimed Requiem for a Dream, which saw his departure from the usual comedies. In 2009, he appeared in G.I. Joe: The Rise of Cobra. In 2013, he had a leading role in A Haunted House and co-starred in The Heat. The sequel to \"A Haunted House,\" \"A Haunted House 2,\" is scheduled to be released on March 28, 2014. Marlon has partnered with former Funny or Die CEO Randy Adams to create What The Funny, an online destination for urban comedy.
/m/0gnkb	Anthony Adverse is a 1936 American epic costume drama film directed by Mervyn LeRoy and starring Fredric March and Olivia de Havilland. Based on the novel Anthony Adverse by Hervey Allen, with a screenplay by Sheridan Gibney, the film is about an orphan whose debt to the man who raised him threatens to separate him forever from the woman he loves. The film received four Academy Awards.\nAmong the four Academy Awards that Anthony Adverse won, Gale Sondergaard was awarded the inaugural Academy Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role for her role as Faith Paleologus.
/m/01vsykc	Seal Henry Olusegun Olumide Adeola Samuel, known by his mononym Seal, is a British R&B and soul singer-songwriter. Seal has won numerous music awards throughout his career, including three Brit Awards—winning Best British Male in 1992, four Grammy Awards, and an MTV Video Music Award. Seal is known for his numerous international hits, including \"Kiss from a Rose\", which appeared on the soundtrack to the 1995 film Batman Forever. He has sold more than 30 million albums worldwide. He is a coach on The Voice Australia.
/m/01z_jj	The National Gallery of Art and its Sculpture Garden are a national art museum in Washington, D.C., located on the National Mall, between 3rd and 9th Streets, at Constitution Avenue NW. Open to the public and free of charge, the museum was privately established in 1937 for the people of the United States of America by a joint resolution of the United States Congress. Andrew W. Mellon donated a substantial art collection and funds for construction. The core collection also includes major works of art donated by Paul Mellon, Ailsa Mellon Bruce, Lessing J. Rosenwald, Samuel Henry Kress, Rush Harrison Kress, Peter Arrell Brown Widener, Joseph E. Widener, and Chester Dale. The Gallery's collection of paintings, drawings, prints, photographs, sculpture, medals, and decorative arts traces the development of Western Art from the Middle Ages to the present, including the only painting by Leonardo da Vinci in the Americas and the largest mobile ever created by Alexander Calder.\nThe Gallery's campus includes the original neoclassical West Building designed by John Russell Pope, which is linked underground to the modern East Building, designed by I. M. Pei, and the 6.1-acre Sculpture Garden. The Gallery often presents temporary special exhibitions spanning the world and the history of art.
/m/0n2kw	Greene County is a county located in the state of Ohio, United States. According to the 2010 census, it has a population of 161,573, which is an increase of 9.3% from 147,886 in 2000. Its county seat is Xenia, and it was named for General Nathanael Greene, an officer in the Revolutionary War. Greene County was established on March 24, 1803.\nGreene County is part of the Dayton Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/04q24zv	Agora is a 2009 Spanish English-language historical drama film directed by Alejandro Amenábar and written by Amenábar and Mateo Gil. The biopic stars Rachel Weisz as Hypatia, a female mathematician, philosopher and astronomer in late 4th-century Roman Egypt, who investigates the flaws of the geocentric Ptolemaic system and the heliocentric model that challenges it. Surrounded by religious turmoil and social unrest, Hypatia struggles to save the knowledge of classical antiquity from destruction. Max Minghella co-stars as Davus, Hypatia's father's slave, and Oscar Isaac as Hypatia's student, and later prefect of Alexandria, Orestes.\nThe story uses historical fiction to highlight the relationship between religion and science amidst the decline of Greco-Roman polytheism and the Christianization of the Roman Empire. The title of the film takes its name from the agora, a gathering place in ancient Greece, similar to the Roman forum. The film was produced by Fernando Bovaira and shot on the island of Malta from March to June 2008. Justin Pollard, co-author of The Rise and Fall of Alexandria, was the historical advisor for the film.\nAgora was screened out of competition at the 2009 Cannes Film Festival in May, and opened in Spain on October 9, 2009 becoming the highest grossing film of the year for that country. Although the film had difficulty finding distribution, it was released country by country throughout late 2009 and early 2010. The film received a 53% overall approval rating from Rotten Tomatoes and seven Goya Awards in Spain, including Best Original Screenplay. It was awarded the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation Feature Film Prize at the Hamptons International Film Festival.
/m/03h2p5	Eugene Jules \"Gene\" Colan was an American comic book artist best known for his work for Marvel Comics, where his signature titles include the superhero series Daredevil, the cult-hit satiric series Howard the Duck, and The Tomb of Dracula, considered one of comics' classic horror series. He co-created the Falcon, the first African-American superhero in mainstream comics, and the non-costumed, supernatural vampire hunter Blade, which went on to star in a series of films starring Wesley Snipes.\nColan was inducted into the Will Eisner Comic Book Hall of Fame in 2005.
/m/0bx_f_t	The 58th annual Berlin International Film Festival was held from February 7 to February 17, 2008.
/m/0dcsx	Alzheimer's disease, also known in medical literature as Alzheimer disease, is the most common form of dementia. There is no cure for the disease, which worsens as it progresses, and eventually leads to death. It was first described by German psychiatrist and neuropathologist Alois Alzheimer in 1906 and was named after him. Most often, AD is diagnosed in people over 65 years of age, although the less-prevalent early-onset Alzheimer's can occur much earlier. In 2006, there were 26.6 million people worldwide with AD. Alzheimer's is predicted to affect 1 in 85 people globally by 2050.\nAlthough Alzheimer's disease develops differently for every individual, there are many common symptoms. Early symptoms are often mistakenly thought to be 'age-related' concerns, or manifestations of stress. In the early stages, the most common symptom is difficulty in remembering recent events, known as short term memory loss. When AD is suspected, the diagnosis is usually confirmed with tests that evaluate behaviour and thinking abilities, often followed by a brain scan if available, however, examination of brain tissue is required for a definitive diagnosis. As the disease advances, symptoms can include confusion, irritability, aggression, mood swings, trouble with language, and long-term memory loss. As the person declines they often withdraw from family and society. Gradually, bodily functions are lost, ultimately leading to death. Since the disease is different for each individual, predicting how it will affect the person is difficult. AD develops for an unknown and variable amount of time before becoming fully apparent, and it can progress undiagnosed for years. On average, the life expectancy following diagnosis is approximately seven years. Fewer than three percent of individuals live more than fourteen years after diagnosis.
/m/02qt02v	Every year since its inception, the Japanese Academy has recognized an outstanding foreign film. The year that any given film is nominated is not based on the film's domestic release date but rather on the date it is released in Japan. As delays of over four months are not uncommon, many films are nominated in Japan the following year after their release to the Japanese market. In fact, not one of the five films nominated for the 2007 Academy Award for Best Picture had been released in Japan by February 15th, 2008, the date of the Japan Academy Prize Ceremony. Although the 2007 recipient of this award, Letters from Iwo Jima, a film almost entirely in Japanese, would not seem to meet the qualification of a \"Foreign Language Film\", the actual Japanese title of the award, 最優秀外国作品賞 makes no mention of language. It would be more accurately translated as \"Best Foreign Production\". Regardless, the fact that the film was released on December 9, 2006 in Japan should still technically have made it ineligible.\n2013\n3 IdiotsCaptain PhillipsDjango UnchainedGravityLes Misérables
/m/033f8n	The Dukes of Hazzard is a 2005 American action comedy film based on the American television series of the same name. The film was directed by Jay Chandrasekhar and released on August 5, 2005 by Warner Bros. Pictures. As in the television series, The Dukes of Hazzard depicts the adventures of cousins Bo, Luke, Daisy and their Uncle Jesse as they outfox crooked Hazzard County commissioner Boss Hogg and Sheriff Rosco P. Coltrane. The film was followed by a direct-to-video prequel titled The Dukes of Hazzard: The Beginning in 2007. This film was the debut of pop singer Jessica Simpson as an actress. While financially successful, the film was met with negative reviews from critics.
/m/025_d68	Whoniverse, a portmanteau of the words \"Who\" and \"universe\", is a word used to describe the fictional setting of the television series Doctor Who, Torchwood, and The Sarah Jane Adventures, as well as other related stories. The term is often used to link characters, ideas or items which are seen across multiple productions, such as Sarah Jane Smith from Doctor Who, K-9 and Company and The Sarah Jane Adventures, Jack Harkness from Doctor Who and Torchwood as well as K9 from Doctor Who, K-9 and Company, The Sarah Jane Adventures, and K-9.\nBefore the expansion of the Doctor Who fictional universe, the term \"Whoniverse\" referred to everything connected with the programme, both in-universe and behind-the-scenes. In this original meaning, standing exhibitions, discussions about the filming of episodes and even fandom itself were considered part of the \"Whoniverse\".\nUnlike the owners of other science fiction franchises, the BBC takes no position on which Doctor Who stories are definitive for future projects. The show has no 'canon', and indeed, recent producers of the show have expressed distaste for the idea. Though the term is essentially an example of fanspeak, it has recently begun to appear in mainstream press coverage following the popular success of the 2005 Doctor Who revival.
/m/02hy5d	John James Conyers, Jr. is the U.S. Representative for Michigan's 13th congressional district, serving in Congress since 1965. The district includes the western half of Detroit, as well as Dearborn, Highland Park, and most of the downriver suburbs including Wyandotte and Romulus. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He is currently the second longest-serving incumbent member of the House, after fellow Michigan Democratic Congressman John Dingell and the second-longest incumbent member of the entire Congress by length of service, also after Dingell.
/m/02d6c	Davenport is a city located along the Mississippi River in Scott County, Iowa, United States. Davenport is the county seat of and largest city in Scott County; it is also the largest of the Quad Cities, a metropolitan area with an population estimate of 382,630 and a CSA population of 474,226, making it the 90th largest CSA in the nation. Davenport was founded on May 14, 1836 by Antoine LeClaire and was named for his friend, George Davenport, a colonel during the Black Hawk War stationed at nearby Fort Armstrong. According to the 2010 census, the city had a population of 99,685. However, the city is currently appealing this figure, arguing that the Census Bureau missed a section of residents that would place the total population over 100,000, and indeed, even the Census Bureau's own estimate for Davenport's 2011 population is 100,802.\nLocated approximately half way between Chicago and Des Moines, Davenport is on the border of Iowa and Illinois. The city is prone to frequent flooding due to its location on the Mississippi River. There are two main universities: Saint Ambrose University and Palmer College of Chiropractic, which is where the first chiropractic adjustment took place. Several annual music festivals take place in Davenport, including the Mississippi Valley Blues Festival, The Mississippi Valley Fair, and the Bix Beiderbecke Memorial Jazz Festival. An internationally known 7-mile foot race called the Bix 7 is run during the festival. The city has a Class A minor league baseball team, the Quad Cities River Bandits. Davenport has 27 parks and over 12 miles of recreational paths for biking or walking.
/m/0cy41	Marburg is a university town in the German federal state of Hesse, capital of the Marburg-Biedenkopf district. The town area spreads along the valley of the river Lahn and has a population of approximately 72,000.\nHaving been awarded town privileges in 1222, Marburg served as capital of the landgraviate of Hesse-Marburg during periods of the 15th to 17th centuries. The University of Marburg was founded in 1527 and dominates the public life in the town to this day.
/m/01whvs	AFC Wimbledon is a professional English association football club based in Kingston upon Thames, London. The club plays in League Two of the Football League, which is the fourth tier in the English football league system. They play at Kingsmeadow, in Kingston upon Thames, London, a ground which is shared with Kingstonian.\nThe club was founded in 2002 as a result of the decision for Wimbledon F.C.'s relocation to Milton Keynes in Buckinghamshire by the Football Association; Wimbledon F.C. was subsequently renamed Milton Keynes Dons in 2004. The Wimbledon supporters who strongly opposed the idea of moving reacted by founding their own club, AFC Wimbledon. In view of its transplanting to Milton Keynes, the majority of Wimbledon fans felt that the original club no longer represented Wimbledon's legacy and traditions, and thus withdrew their support, choosing instead to start a new so-called \"phoenix club\" from scratch.\nWhen AFC Wimbledon was formed, it affiliated to both the London and Surrey Football Associations, and entered the Premier Division of the Combined Counties League, which is the ninth tier in English football. In its short history, the club has been extremely successful, being promoted five times in nine seasons, and going up from the ninth tier to the fourth. The only other club considered to have completed this feat is the now dissolved Rushden & Diamonds.
/m/0hw29	The Viet Cong was a political organization and army in South Vietnam and Cambodia that fought the United States and South Vietnamese governments during the Vietnam War, and emerged on the winning side. It had both guerrilla and regular army units, as well as a network of cadres who organized peasants in the territory it controlled. Many soldiers were recruited in South Vietnam, but others were attached to the People's Army of Vietnam, the regular North Vietnamese army. During the war, communists and anti-war spokesmen insisted the Viet Cong was an insurgency indigenous to the South, while the U.S. and South Vietnamese governments portrayed the group as a tool of Hanoi. Although the terminology distinguishes northerners from the southerners, communist forces were under a single command structure set up in 1958.\nNorth Vietnam established the National Liberation Front in 1960 to foment insurgency in the South. Many of the Viet Cong's core members were \"regroupees\", southern Viet Minh who had resettled in the North after the Geneva Accord. Hanoi gave the regroupees military training and sent them back to the South along the Ho Chi Minh Trail in the early 1960s. The NLF called for southern Vietnamese to \"overthrow the camouflaged colonial regime of the American imperialists\" and to make \"efforts toward the peaceful unification.\" The Viet Cong's best-known action was the Tet Offensive, a massive assault on more than 100 South Vietnamese urban centers in 1968, including an attack on the US embassy in Saigon. The offensive riveted the attention of the world's media for weeks, but also overextended the Viet Cong. Later communist offensives were conducted predominately by the North Vietnamese. The organisation was dissolved in 1976 when North and South Vietnam were officially unified under a communist government.
/m/038_l	In traditional belief and fiction, a ghost is the soul or spirit of a dead person or animal that can appear, in visible form or other manifestation, to the living. Descriptions of the apparition of ghosts vary widely from an invisible presence to translucent or barely visible wispy shapes, to realistic, lifelike visions. The deliberate attempt to contact the spirit of a deceased person is known as necromancy, or in spiritism as a séance.\nThe belief in manifestations of the spirits of the dead is widespread, dating back to animism or ancestor worship in pre-literate cultures. Certain religious practices—funeral rites, exorcisms, and some practices of spiritualism and ritual magic—are specifically designed to rest the spirits of the dead. Ghosts are generally described as solitary essences that haunt particular locations, objects, or people they were associated with in life, though stories of phantom armies, ghost trains, phantom ships, and even ghost animals have also been recounted.
/m/04jpg2p	Alice in Wonderland is an American live action/computer-animated fantasy film directed by Tim Burton and written by Linda Woolverton. Released by Walt Disney Pictures, the film stars Mia Wasikowska as Alice Kingsleigh with Johnny Depp, Anne Hathaway and Helena Bonham Carter. The film was shot in the United Kingdom and the United States.\nThe story is inspired by the English author Lewis Carroll's 1865 fantasy novel Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and its 1871 sequel Through the Looking-Glass. Wasikowska plays a nineteen-year-old Alice. She is told that she can restore the White Queen to her throne because she is the only one who can slay the Jabberwocky, a dragon-like creature that is controlled by the Red Queen and terrorizes Wonderland's inhabitants.\nThe film premiered in London at the Odeon Leicester Square on February 25, 2010, and was released in Australia on March 4, 2010 and the following day in the United Kingdom and the United States through IMAX 3D and Disney Digital 3D as well as in traditional theaters. Despite its short theatrical release window and mixed reviews, the film grossed over $1.02 billion worldwide. At the 83rd Academy Awards, Alice in Wonderland won for Best Art Direction and Best Costume Design, and was also nominated for Best Visual Effects. The film generated over $1 billion in ticket sales and, as of October 2013, it is the fifteenth highest-grossing film of all time.
/m/019rvp	Maidstone is the county town of Kent, England, 32 miles south-east of London. The River Medway runs through the centre of the town, linking it with Rochester and the Thames Estuary. Historically, the river was a source and route for much of the town's trade as the centre of the agricultural county of Kent, known as the Garden of England. There is evidence of a settlement in the area dating back to beyond the Stone Age.\nThe town is in the borough of Maidstone. In 2011, the town had a population of 113,137, about 73 per cent of the population of the borough.\nMaidstone's economy has changed over the years from being involved in heavy industry, to more light industry and service industries.
/m/0g_gl	Veracruz, formally Veracruz de Ignacio de la Llave, officially Free and Sovereign State of Veracruz de Ignacio de la Llave, is one of the 31 states that, along with the Federal District, comprise the 32 federative entities of Mexico. It is divided in 212 municipalities and its capital city is Xalapa-Enríquez.\nThis state is located in Eastern Mexico. It is bordered by the states of Tamaulipas to the north, San Luis Potosí and Hidalgo to the west, Puebla to the southwest, Oaxaca and Chiapas to the south, and Tabasco to the southeast. On its east, Veracruz has a significant share of the coastline of the Gulf of Mexico.\nThe state is noted for its mixed ethnic and indigenous populations. Its cuisine reflects the many cultural influences that have come through the state because of the importance of the port of Veracruz.\nIn addition to the capital city, the state's largest cities include Veracruz, Coatzacoalcos, Córdoba, Minatitlán, Poza Rica, Boca Del Río and Orizaba.
/m/01gr00	Roxbury is a dissolved municipality and current neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts, United States. It was one of the first towns founded in the Massachusetts Bay Colony in 1630, and became a city in 1846 until annexed to Boston on January 5, 1868. The original town of Roxbury once included the current Boston neighborhoods of Jamaica Plain, Roslindale, West Roxbury, the South End and much of Back Bay. Roxbury now generally ends at Hammond St, Davenport St to the east and East Lenox St/Melnea Cass Boulevard to the south.\nRoxbury is now one of 21 official neighborhoods of Boston, used by the city for neighborhood services coordination. The city asserts that it \"serves as the heart of Black culture in Boston.\"\nThe original boundaries of the Town of Roxbury can be found in Drake's History of Roxbury and its noted Personages. Those boundaries include the Christian Science Center, the Prudential Center and everything south and east of the Muddy River including Symphony Hall, Northeastern University, Boston Latin School, John D. O'Bryant School of Mathematics & Science, Y.M.C.A., Harvard Medical School and many hospitals and schools in the area. This side of the Muddy River is Roxbury, the other side is Brookline and Boston. Franklin Park, once entirely within Roxbury when Jamaica Plain, West Roxbury and Roslindale were villages within the town of Roxbury until 1854, has been divided with the line between Jamaica Plain and Roxbury located in the vicinity of Peter Parley Road on Walnut Avenue, through the park to Columbia Road. Here, Walnut Avenue changes its name to Sigourney Street, indicating the area is now Jamaica Plain. One side of Columbia Road is Roxbury, the other Dorchester. Melnea Cass Boulevard is located approximately over the Roxbury Canal that brought boats into Roxbury, bypassing the busy port of Boston in the 1830s.
/m/010dft	Logan is a city in Cache County, Utah. As of the 2010 United States Census the population was 48,174. Logan is the county seat of Cache County, Utah, and the principal city of the Logan, UT-ID Metropolitan Statistical Area, which includes Cache County and Franklin County, Idaho. The Logan metropolitan area contained 125,442 people as of the 2010 Census. In 2005 and 2007, Morgan Quitno declared the Logan metropolitan area the safest in the United States.\nLogan is the location of the main campus of Utah State University.
/m/05cl8y	Koch Entertainment was a North American film, television, & music distribution company. It was purchased by E1 Entertainment in 2005 and now operates under the name Entertainment One.
/m/05q_mg	David Richard Paul \"Dave\" Wittenberg is a prolific American voice actor for video games and anime with nearly 100 titles to his credit. While Wittenberg was born in a hospital in South Africa, he was primarily raised in Boston. He is also a script writer for some dubbed anime whose work includes episodes of the Digimon television series and narrates many documentaries and specials for the Travel Channel and the Food Network.
/m/03s2y9	Irwin Allen was an American television, documentary and film director and producer with a varied career who became known as the \"Master of Disaster\" for his work in the disaster film genre. He was also notable for creating a number of science fiction television series.
/m/034x61	Patrick Galen Dempsey is an American actor and race car driver, best known for his role as neurosurgeon Dr. Derek Shepherd on the ABC medical drama Grey's Anatomy. Prior to Grey's Anatomy he made several television appearances and was nominated for an Emmy Award. He has also appeared in several films, including Sweet Home Alabama, Made of Honor, Valentine's Day, Enchanted, With Honors, Flypaper, Freedom Writers, and Transformers: Dark of the Moon.\nDempsey, who maintains an exclusive sports and vintage car collection, also enjoys auto racing in his spare time. He has competed in prestigious pro-am events such as the 24 Hours of Le Mans, Rolex 24 at Daytona sports car race, and Tecate SCORE Baja 1000 off-road race. Prior to the 2013 24 Hours of Le Mans, Dempsey declared that he would \"walk away\" from acting if he could and dedicate himself full-time to motorsports.
/m/094jv	Baltimore is the largest city in the U.S. state of Maryland and the 26th largest city in the country. It is located in the central area of the state along the tidal portion of the Patapsco River, an arm of the Chesapeake Bay. The independent city is often referred to as Baltimore City to distinguish it from surrounding Baltimore County. Founded in 1729, Baltimore is the second largest seaport in the Mid-Atlantic United States and is situated closer to Midwestern markets than any other major seaport on the East Coast. Baltimore's Inner Harbor was once the second leading port of entry for immigrants to the United States and a major manufacturing center. After a decline in manufacturing, Baltimore shifted to a service-oriented economy, with the Johns Hopkins Hospital and Johns Hopkins University serving as the city's top two employers.\nAt 621,342 as of July 1, 2012, the population of Baltimore increased by 1,100 residents over the previous year, ending over six decades of population loss since its peak in 1950. The Baltimore Metropolitan Area has grown steadily to approximately 2.7 million residents in 2010; the 20th largest in the country. Baltimore is also a principal city in the larger Baltimore–Washington metropolitan area of approximately 8.4 million residents.
/m/071t0	A shooting sport is a competitive sport involving tests of proficiency using various types of guns such as firearms and airguns. Hunting is also a shooting sport, and indeed shooting live pheasants was an Olympic event. The shooting sports are categorized by the type of firearm, targets, and distances at which the targets are shot from.
/m/01m2n1	Framingham is a town in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States. The population was 68,318 as of the United States 2010 Census. Founded in 1700, Framingham was placed at # 36 on 'Best Places to Live in US' by CNN Money magazine in 2012.
/m/025s7x6	Phosphorus is a nonmetallic chemical element with symbol P and atomic number 15. A multivalent pnictogen, phosphorus as a mineral is almost always present in its maximally oxidised state, as inorganic phosphate rocks. Elemental phosphorus exists in two major forms—white phosphorus and red phosphorus—but due to its high reactivity, phosphorus is never found as a free element on Earth.\nThe first form of elemental phosphorus to be produced emits a faint glow upon exposure to oxygen – hence its name given from Greek mythology, Φωσφόρος meaning \"light-bearer\", referring to the \"Morning Star\", the planet Venus. The term \"phosphorescence\", meaning glow after illumination, originally derives from this property of phosphorus, although this word has since been used for a different physical process that produces a glow. The glow of phosphorus itself originates from oxidation of the white phosphorus— a process now termed chemiluminescence.\nThe vast majority of phosphorus compounds are consumed as fertilisers. Other applications include the role of organophosphorus compounds in detergents, pesticides and nerve agents, and matches.\nPhosphorus is essential for life. As phosphate, it is a component of DNA, RNA, ATP, and also the phospholipids that form all cell membranes. Demonstrating the link between phosphorus and life, elemental phosphorus was historically first isolated from human urine, and bone ash was an important early phosphate source. Phosphate minerals are fossils. Low phosphate levels are an important limit to growth in some aquatic systems. The chief commercial use of phosphorus compounds for production of fertilisers is due to the need to replace the phosphorus that plants remove from the soil.
/m/08pc1x	The 5th Annual Latin Grammy Awards were held on Wednesday, September 1, 2004, at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles.\nThis was the last telecast of the awards nationally in the United States in English with a CBS contract. Effective in 2005, the awards were announced in Spanish with an exclusive Spanish-language telecast. Alejandro Sanz was the big winner winning four awards including Album of the Year.\nLive performances included Alejandro Sanz and Destiny's Child singing a mostly Spanish bilingual version of Sanz's Quisiera Ser.
/m/06hwzy	Dancing with the Stars is an American dance competition show airing since 2005 on ABC in the United States, and CTV/CTV Two in Canada. The show is the American version of the British television series Strictly Come Dancing. Tom Bergeron is the Emmy-winning host, alongside Brooke Burke-Charvet from season ten through seventeen. Lisa Canning was co-host in season one, whilst Samantha Harris co-hosted seasons two through to nine. It was confirmed that Erin Andrews will replace Burke-Charvet on the upcoming season.\nThe contestant pairs consist of a celebrity paired with a professional dancer. Past celebrity contestants include professional and Olympic athletes, supermodels, actors, singers, astronauts, and teen-heartthrobs. Each couple performs predetermined dances and competes against the others for judges' points and audience votes. The couple receiving the lowest combined total of judges' points and audience votes is eliminated each week until only the champion dance pair remains.\nIn 2012, GSN picked up rerun rights to seasons four to thirteen, but due to low ratings the network stopped airing the show after airing for three months from January 2012 to April 2012 in two different seasons aired mostly on weekends. However, the network still has rights to the show.
/m/0k8z	Apple Inc., (NASDAQ: AAPL) formerly Apple Computer Inc., is an American multinational corporation which designs and manufactures consumer electronics and software products. The company's best-known hardware products include Macintosh computers, the iPod and the iPhone. Apple software includes the Mac OS X operating system, the iTunes media browser, the iLife suite of multimedia and creativity software, the iWork suite of productivity software, and Final Cut Studio, a suite of professional audio and film-industry software products. The company operates more than 250 retail stores in nine countries and an online store where hardware and software products are sold.
/m/02qgqt	Philip Seymour Hoffman was an American actor and director. Although primarily a supporting player, Hoffman was known as a versatile performer who brought depth and humanity to all of his roles. He was prolific in both film and theater from the early 1990s until his death at age 46, when the New York Times declared him as \"perhaps the most ambitious and widely admired American actor of his generation\".\nRaised in Fairport, New York, Hoffman studied acting at the New York State Summer School of the Arts and the Tisch School of the Arts. He began his career in 1991 as a defendant in a rape case in an episode of Law & Order, and the following year he began to appear in films. He gained recognition for his supporting work throughout the 1990s and early 2000s in minor but seminal roles in which he typically played losers or degenerates, including the portrayal of a conceited student in Scent of a Woman, a hyperactive storm-chaser in Twister, a 1970s pornographic film boom operator in Boogie Nights, a smug assistant in The Big Lebowski, a hospice nurse in Magnolia, a music critic in Almost Famous, a phone-sex conman in Punch-Drunk Love, and an immoral priest in Cold Mountain.
/m/04p0c	Lower Saxony is a German state situated in northwestern Germany and is second in area, with 47,624 square kilometres, and fourth in population among the sixteen Länder of Germany. In rural areas Northern Low Saxon, a dialect of Low German, is still spoken, but the number of speakers is declining.\nLower Saxony borders on the North Sea, the states of Schleswig-Holstein, Hamburg, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Brandenburg, Saxony-Anhalt, Thuringia, Hesse and North Rhine-Westphalia, and the Netherlands. In fact, Lower Saxony borders more neighbours than any other single Bundesland. The state Free Hanseatic City of Bremen forms two enclaves within Lower Saxony, one being the city of Bremen, the other, its seaport city of Bremerhaven. The state's principal cities include the state capital Hanover, Brunswick, Lüneburg, Osnabrück, Oldenburg, Hildesheim, Wolfenbüttel, Wolfsburg and Göttingen.\nThe northwestern area of Lower Saxony, which lies on the coast of the North Sea, is called East Frisia and the seven East Frisian Islands offshore are popular with tourists. In the extreme west of Lower Saxony is the Emsland, a traditionally poor and sparsely populated area, once dominated by inaccessible swamps. The northern half of Lower Saxony, also known as the North German Plains, is almost invariably flat except for the gentle hills around the Bremen geestland. Towards the south and southwest lie the northern parts of the German Central Uplands: the Weser Uplands and the Harz mountains. Between these two lie the Lower Saxon Hills, a range of low ridges.
/m/06f0k	Red Dwarf is a British comedy franchise which primarily comprises ten series of a television science fiction sitcom that aired on BBC Two between 1988 and 1993 and from 1997 to 1999 and on Dave in 2009 and from 2012, gaining a cult following.\nThe series was created by Rob Grant and Doug Naylor, who also wrote the first six series. The show originated from a recurring sketch, Dave Hollins: Space Cadet part of the mid-1980s BBC Radio 4 comedy show Son of Cliché, also scripted by Grant and Naylor. In addition to the television episodes, there are four bestselling novels, two pilot episodes for an American version of the show, a radio version produced for BBC Radio 7, tie-in books, magazines and other merchandise.\nIn 2008, a three-episode production was commissioned by the digital channel Dave. These episodes were screened in April 2009 during the Easter weekend and comprised a three-part story titled Red Dwarf: Back to Earth. Unlike the majority of the original BBC episodes, this mini-series was a comedy drama filmed without a studio audience or an added laugh track.\nDespite the pastiche of science fiction used as a backdrop, Red Dwarf is primarily a character-driven comedy, with off-the-wall, often scatological science fiction elements used as complementary plot devices. In the early episodes, a recurring source of comedy was the \"Odd Couple\"-style relationship between the two central characters of the show, who have an intense dislike for each other and are trapped together deep in space. The main characters are Dave Lister, the last known human alive, and Arnold Rimmer, a hologram of Lister's dead bunkmate. The other regular characters are Cat, a lifeform which evolved from the descendants of Lister's pregnant pet cat Frankenstein; Holly, Red Dwarf's computer; Kryten, a service mechanoid; and, as of Series VII to Back to Earth, Kristine Kochanski, an alternative-reality version of Lister's long-lost love.
/m/0l3q2	Belo Horizonte is the capital city of the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais, located in the southeastern region of the country. As of 2013, the municipality's population is 2,479,175, making it the most populous city in Minas Gerais state and the sixth most populous city in the country. However the city's metropolitan area, the \"Greater Belo Horizonte\", is home of more than 5.15 million inhabitants, making it the third most populous urban agglomeration in Brazil, after only the Greater São Paulo City and the Greater Rio de Janeiro.\nThe region was first settled in the early 18th century, but the city as it is known today was planned and constructed in the 1890s, in order to replace Ouro Preto as the capital of Minas Gerais. The city features a mixture of contemporary and classical buildings, and is home to several modern Brazilian architectural icons, most notably the Pampulha Complex. In planning the city, Aarão Reis and Francisco Bicalho sought inspiration in the urban planning of Washington, D.C. The city has employed notable programs in urban revitalization and food security, for which it has been awarded international accolades.²²
/m/02vklm3	Pittsburgh Panthers football is the intercollegiate football team of the University of Pittsburgh, often referred to as \"Pitt\", located in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Traditionally the most popular sport at the university, Pitt football has played at the highest level of American college football competition, now termed the Division I Football Bowl Subdivision, since the beginning of the school's sponsorship of the sport in 1890. As of the 2013 season, Pitt competes as a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference.\nPittsburgh has claimed nine national championships, and is among the top 20 college football programs in terms of all-time wins. Its teams have featured many coaches and players notable throughout the history of college football, including, among all schools, the fifth most College Football Hall of Fame inductees, the eighth most consensus All-Americans, and the third most Pro Football Hall of Fame inductees. The Panthers are currently coached by Paul Chryst. Pitt plays home games at Heinz Field which they share with the National Football League Pittsburgh Steelers and utilize the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center Sports Performance Complex as their practice facility.
/m/031b3h	The Grammy Award for Best R&B Album is an honor presented at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards, to recording artists for quality works on albums in the R&B music genre. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position\".\nAccording to the category description guide for the 54th Grammy Awards, the award is reserved for albums \"containing at least 51% playing time of newly recorded contemporary R&B vocal tracks\" which may also \"incorporate production elements found in rap music\". Award recipients include the producers, engineers, and/or mixers associated with the nominated work in addition to the recording artists. In 2003, the Grammy Award for Best R&B Album was split into two categories: Best Contemporary R&B Album is for R&B longplay records that have modern hip-hop stylings to them, while this honor is for R&B LPs that are more traditional and less electronic. From 2012, this category will also include recordings that previously fell under the Best Contemporary R&B Album category, which will be discontinued in 2012 as part of a major overhaul of the Grammy Award categories.
/m/08swgx	Joy Bryant is an American actress and former fashion model, who is currently starring as Jasmine Trussell in the NBC family drama Parenthood.
/m/0nbwf	Long Beach is a city in Los Angeles County in Southern California, on the Pacific coast of the United States. The city is the 36th-largest city in the nation and the seventh-largest in California. As of 2013, its population was 496,600. In addition, Long Beach is the second largest city within Greater Los Angeles Area, after Los Angeles, and a principal city of the Los Angeles-Long Beach-Santa Ana metropolitan area.\nThe city is a dominant maritime center of the United States. The Port of Long Beach is the United States' second busiest container port and one of the world's largest shipping ports. The city also maintains a large oil industry with the substance being found both underground and offshore. Manufacturing sectors include those in aircraft, car parts, electronic and audiovisual equipment, and home furnishings. It is also home to headquarters for corporations including Epson America, Molina Healthcare, and SCAN Health Plan.\nDowntown Long Beach is located approximately 22 miles south of Downtown Los Angeles, though the two cities border each other for several miles on Long Beach's southwestern portion. Long Beach borders Orange County on its southeast edge.
/m/01zcrv	Bravo is an American basic cable and satellite television channel that is owned by NBCUniversal. Originally focused on programs pertaining to fine arts and film, the channel currently broadcasts a mix of reality series aimed primarily at females between the ages of 25 and 54 years old, along with acquired drama series and more mainstream theatrically released feature films.\nBravo's corporate offices are located at the GE Building in New York City. Andy Cohen, who also hosts Bravo's late night talk show Watch What Happens Live and created The Real Housewives franchise, serves the Senior Vice President of Production and Programming. As of June 2013, Bravo reaches over 95 million homes in the United States.\nAs of August 2013, approximately 94,129,000 American households receive Bravo.
/m/049kw	Kingston upon Thames, also known as Kingston, is the principal settlement of the Royal Borough of Kingston upon Thames in southwest London. It was the ancient market town where Saxon kings were crowned. Kingston is situated 10 miles southwest of Charing Cross and is one of the major metropolitan centres identified in the London Plan. Kingston was part of a large ancient parish in the county of Surrey and the town was an ancient borough, reformed in 1835. It has been the location of Surrey County Hall from 1893, extraterritorially since Kingston became part of Greater London in 1965. The population of the town itself, comprising the four wards of Canbury, Grove, Norbiton and Tudor, was 43,013 in the 2011 census.
/m/04w_7	May is the fifth month of the year in the Julian and Gregorian Calendars and one of seven months with the length of 31 days.\nMay is a month of autumn in the Southern Hemisphere and spring in the Northern Hemisphere. Therefore May in the Southern Hemisphere is the seasonal equivalent of November in the Northern Hemisphere and vice versa. May is the fourth hottest month of the year, and the fourth rainiest month of the year.\nNo other month begins or ends on the same day of the week as May in any year. This month is the only month to have these two properties. However, May does share starting and ending days with various months of both previous and following years: every year, May starts and ends on the same day of the week as January of the following year.\nAdditionally, in years immediately before common years, May also starts and ends on the same day of the week as October of the following year. In years immediately before leap years, May starts on the same day of the week as April of the following year; it also both starts and ends on the same day of the week as July of the following year.\nIn a common year, May both starts and ends on the same day of the week as August of the previous year; it also ends on the same day of the week as November of the previous year. In a leap year, May both starts and ends on the same day of the week as March of the previous year; it also starts on the same day of the week as November and ends on the same day of the week as June, both of the previous year.
/m/04yt7	Michael Edward Palin, CBE, FRGS is an English comedian, actor, writer and television presenter best known for being one of the members of the comedy group Monty Python and for his travel documentaries.\nPalin wrote most of his comedic material with Terry Jones. Before Monty Python, they had worked on other shows such as the Ken Dodd Show, The Frost Report, and Do Not Adjust Your Set. Palin appeared in some of the most famous Python sketches, including \"Argument Clinic\", \"Dead Parrot\", \"The Lumberjack Song\", \"The Spanish Inquisition\", and \"The Fish-Slapping Dance\".\nPalin continued to work with Jones after Python, co-writing Ripping Yarns. He has also appeared in several films directed by fellow Python Terry Gilliam and made notable appearances in other films such as A Fish Called Wanda, for which he won the BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Supporting Role. In a 2005 poll to find The Comedians' Comedian, he was voted the 30th favourite by fellow comedians and comedy insiders.\nAfter Python, he began a new career as a travel writer and travel documentarian. His journeys have taken him across the world, including the North and South Poles, the Sahara Desert, the Himalayas, Eastern Europe and, most recently, Brazil. In 2000 Palin was honoured as a Commander of the Order of the British Empire for his services to television. From 2009 to 2012 Palin was the president of the Royal Geographical Society. On 12 May 2013, Palin was made a BAFTA fellow, the highest honour that is conferred by the organisation.
/m/05fx1v	Kettering Town Football Club is an English football club originating in Kettering, Northamptonshire but currently based in the town of Burton Latimer. The club participates in the Southern League Division One Central, the eighth tier of English football.
/m/0j86l	The Atlanta Thrashers were a professional ice hockey team based in Atlanta, Georgia, United States. Atlanta was granted a franchise in the National Hockey League on June 25, 1997, and became the league's 28th franchise when it began play in the 1999–2000 NHL season. They were members of the Southeast Division of the NHL's Eastern Conference, and played their home games at Philips Arena in downtown Atlanta. The Thrashers qualified for the Stanley Cup playoffs only once, during the 2006–07 season when they won the Southeast Division, but were swept in the first round by the New York Rangers.\nIn May 2011, the Thrashers were sold to a Canadian ownership group, True North Sports & Entertainment. The group moved the franchise to Winnipeg, Manitoba, and became the second incarnation of the Winnipeg Jets. The sale and relocation were approved by the National Hockey League on June 21, 2011. With the sale and relocation of the team, Atlanta became the first city in the NHL's modern era to lose two hockey teams. In both cases, the team moved from Atlanta to Canada; the city's previous NHL team, the Atlanta Flames, moved to Calgary, Alberta in 1980 to become the Calgary Flames.
/m/0cc97st	Wreck-It Ralph is a 2012 comedy animation family film written by Phil Johnston, Jennifer Lee and directed by Rich Moore.
/m/01sb5r	Joseph Fidler \"Joe\" Walsh is an American musician, songwriter, record producer, and actor. He has been a member of three commercially successful bands: the James Gang, Barnstorm, and the Eagles. He has also experienced success both as a solo artist and prolific session musician. He holds the number 54 spot in Rolling Stone magazine's \"100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time.\"
/m/0hfzr	Schindler's List is a 1993 American epic historical drama film directed and co-produced by Steven Spielberg and scripted by Steven Zaillian. It is based on the novel Schindler's Ark by Thomas Keneally, an Australian novelist. The film is based on the life of Oskar Schindler, a German businessman who saved the lives of more than a thousand mostly Polish-Jewish refugees during the Holocaust by employing them in his factories. It stars Liam Neeson as Schindler, Ralph Fiennes as Schutzstaffel officer Amon Goeth, and Ben Kingsley as Schindler's Jewish accountant Itzhak Stern.\nIdeas for a film about the Schindlerjuden were proposed as early as 1963. Poldek Pfefferberg, one of the Schindlerjuden, made it his life's mission to tell the story of Schindler. Spielberg became interested in the story when executive Sid Sheinberg sent him a book review of Schindler's Ark. Universal Studios bought the rights to the novel, but Spielberg, unsure if he was ready to make a film about the Holocaust, tried to pass the project to several other directors before finally deciding to direct the film himself.\nPrincipal photography took place in Kraków, Poland, over the course of 72 days in 1993. Spielberg shot the film in black and white and approached it like a documentary. Cinematographer Janusz Kamiński wanted to give the film a sense of timelessness. John Williams composed the score, and violinist Itzhak Perlman performs the film's main theme.
/m/03m3vr6	Liver cancer or hepatic cancer is a cancer that originates in the liver. Primary liver cancer is the fifth most frequently diagnosed cancer globally and the second leading cause of cancer death. Liver cancers are malignant tumors that grow on the surface or inside the liver. They are formed from either the liver itself or from structures within the liver, including blood vessels or the bile duct. Liver tumors are discovered on medical imaging equipment or present themselves symptomatically as an abdominal mass, abdominal pain, jaundice, nausea or liver dysfunction. The leading cause of liver cancer is viral infection with hepatitis B virus or hepatitis C virus. The cancer usually forms secondary to cirrhosis caused by these viruses. For this reason, the highest rates of liver cancer occur where these viruses are endemic, including East-Asia and sub-Saharan Africa.
/m/02wyzmv	Ballet Shoes is a 2007 British television film, adapted by Heidi Thomas from Noel Streatfeild's 1936 novel Ballet Shoes. It was produced by Granada Productions and premiered on BBC One on 26 December 2007. It is directed by Sandra Goldbacher.\nA previous adaptation of Ballet Shoes was produced in serial format by the BBC in 1975 and directed by Timothy Combe.
/m/03j2gxx	Charles Lutwidge Dodgson, better known by his pen name, Lewis Carroll, was an English writer, mathematician, logician, Anglican deacon and photographer. His most famous writings are Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and its sequel Through the Looking-Glass, as well as the poems \"The Hunting of the Snark\" and \"Jabberwocky\", all examples of the genre of literary nonsense. He is noted for his facility at word play, logic, and fantasy, and there are societies in many parts of the world dedicated to the enjoyment and promotion of his works and the investigation of his life.
/m/0s9b_	Joliet is a city in Will and Kendall counties in the US state of Illinois, located 40 miles southwest of Chicago. It is the county seat of Will County. As of the 2010 census, the city was the fourth-most populated in Illinois, with a population of 147,433. It continues to be Illinois' fastest growing city and one of the fastest growing in the southwest Chicago metropolitan area. When Joliet was first planned in the early 1830s, it was still in Cook County. In 1836, it became the county seat of the new Will County.
/m/0560w	Megadeth is an American thrash metal band from Los Angeles, California. They were formed in 1983 by guitarist Dave Mustaine and bassist David Ellefson, shortly after Mustaine's dismissal from his previous band Metallica. In 1985, the group released its debut album through Combat Records, an independent record label. The album's moderate commercial success caught the attention of bigger record labels. The band soon signed to Capitol Records and released their first major label album Peace Sells... but Who's Buying?, considered highly influential in the underground metal scene. However, the frequent disputes between the band members and the issues with drug abuse earned the band a negative publicity during this period.\nAfter stabilizing their line-up, Megadeth released a string of platinum selling albums, including Countdown to Extinction, certified double platinum and responsible for bringing Megadeth to public recognition. This period was marked by extensive worldwide touring, with the band establishing an international fan-base in the process. In 2002, Megadeth was temporarily disbanded because of Mustaine's arm injury. The band was re-established in 2004 without bassist David Ellefson, who took legal action against Dave Mustaine. Ellefson rejoined the group in 2010, and is featured on all recordings since then.
/m/0h5qxv	Nunavut is the largest, northernmost and newest territory of Canada. It was separated officially from the Northwest Territories on April 1, 1999, via the Nunavut Act and the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement Act, though the boundaries had been contemplatively drawn in 1993. The creation of Nunavut resulted in the first major change to Canada's political map since the incorporation of the new province of Newfoundland and Labrador in 1949.\nNunavut comprises a major portion of Northern Canada, and most of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago. Its vast territory makes it the fifth-largest country subdivision in the world, as well as the largest in North America. The capital Iqaluit on Baffin Island, in the east, was chosen by the 1995 capital plebiscite. Other major communities include the regional centres of Rankin Inlet and Cambridge Bay. Nunavut also includes Ellesmere Island to the far north, as well as the eastern and southern portions of Victoria Island in the west and Akimiski Island in James Bay to the far south. It is the only geo-political region of Canada that is not connected to the rest of North America by highway.\nNunavut is both the least populous and the largest in area of the provinces and territories of Canada. One of the most remote, sparsely settled regions in the world, it has a population of 31,906, mostly Inuit, spread over land area the size of Western Europe, Mexico, or Indonesia. Nunavut is also home to the northernmost permanently inhabited place in the world, Alert. A weather station further down Ellesmere Island, Eureka, has the lowest average annual temperature of any weather station in Canada.
/m/04j14qc	Rent is a 2005 American musical drama film directed by Chris Columbus. It is an adaptation of the Broadway musical of the same name, in turn based on Giacomo Puccini's opera La bohème. The film depicts the lives of several Bohemians and their struggles with sexuality, cross-dressing, drugs, paying their rent, and life under the shadow of AIDS. It takes place in the East Village of New York City from 1989 to 1990. The film features six of the original Broadway cast members reprising their roles.
/m/01bl7g	Shanghai Knights is a 2003 action-comedy film. It is the sequel to Shanghai Noon. It was directed by David Dobkin and written by Alfred Gough and Miles Millar.
/m/04l5b4	The Manchester Monarchs are a professional ice hockey team in the American Hockey League. They play in Manchester, New Hampshire at the Verizon Wireless Arena. They have been the AHL affiliate of the Los Angeles Kings since 2001.
/m/02qkwl	I, Robot is a 2004 American dystopian science fiction action film directed by Alex Proyas. The screenplay was written by Jeff Vintar and Akiva Goldsman, and is inspired by Isaac Asimov's short-story collection of the same name. Will Smith stars in the lead role of the film as Detective Del Spooner. The supporting cast includes Bridget Moynahan, Bruce Greenwood, James Cromwell, Chi McBride, Alan Tudyk, and Shia LaBeouf.\nI, Robot was released in North America on July 16, 2004, in Australia on July 22, 2004, in the United Kingdom on August 6, 2004 and in other countries between July 2004 to October 2004. Produced with a budget of USD $120 million, the film grossed $144 million domestically and $202 million in foreign markets for a worldwide total of $347 million. The movie received favorable reviews, with critics praising the writing, visual effects, and acting; but other critics were mixed with the focus on the plot. It was nominated for the 2004 Academy Award for Best Visual Effects, but lost to Spider-Man 2.
/m/03m3mgq	A computer scientist is a scientist who has acquired knowledge of computer science, the study of the theoretical foundations of information and computation and their application.\nComputer scientists typically work on the theoretical side of computer systems, as opposed to the hardware side that computer engineers mainly focus on. Although computer scientists can also focus their work and research on specific areas, their foundation is the theoretical study of computing from which these other fields derive.
/m/01ky2h	Theodore Walter \"Sonny\" Rollins is an American jazz tenor saxophonist. Rollins is widely recognized as one of the most important and influential jazz musicians. A number of his compositions, including \"St. Thomas\", \"Oleo\", \"Doxy\", and \"Airegin\", have become jazz standards.
/m/01y9qr	The University of Guelph is a comprehensive public research university in Guelph, Ontario, Canada. It was established in 1964 after the amalgamation of Ontario Agricultural College, the Macdonald Institute, and the Ontario Veterinary College, and has since grown to an institution of more than 23,000 students and academic staff. It currently offers over 94 undergraduate degrees, 48 graduate programs, and 6 associate degrees in many different disciplines.\nThe University of Guelph is consistently ranked as a top comprehensive university in Canada by Maclean's magazine, and given top marks for student satisfaction among medium-sized universities in Canada by The Globe and Mail. It has held these rankings with its reputation, innovative research-intensive programs, and lively campus life cited as particular strengths. The University of Guelph has also been ranked 50 among the top 100 universities under 50 years old by Times Higher Education.\nCurrently, the faculty at the University of Guelph hold 39 Canada Research Chair positions in the research areas of natural sciences, engineering, health sciences and social sciences. Recent academic achievements include the first scientific validation of water on Mars, Alpha particle X-ray spectrometer on board the Mars Exploration Rovers, and the Barcode of Life project for species identification.
/m/0133_p	Garage rock is a raw form of rock and roll that was first popular in the United States and Canada from about 1963 to 1967. Its name derives from the perception that many often rehearsed in a family garage.\nThe style was characterised by lyrics and delivery that were more aggressive and unsophisticated than in commercial pop music at the time, often, for instance, using guitars distorted through a fuzzbox. It began to evolve from regional scenes as early as 1958, heavily influenced by surf rock. The \"British Invasion\" of 1964-66 greatly influenced garage bands, providing them with a national audience. Thousands of garage bands were extant in the USA and Canada during the era; hundreds produced regional hits, and a handful had national chart hits. By 1968 the style largely disappeared from the national charts. It was also disappearing at the local level as amateur musicians faced college, work or the draft. During the 1960s, it was not recognized as a separate music genre and had no specific name.\nIn the 1970s, some critics referred to the style as punk rock, the first form of music to bear this description; although it is sometimes called garage punk, protopunk, or 1960s punk, the style has predominantly been referred to as garage rock.
/m/0n491	Gaston County is a county located just west of Charlotte in the southern Piedmont in the U.S. state of North Carolina. As of the 2010 census, the population was 206,086. It is the third largest county, by population, in the Charlotte Metropolitan Area, behind Mecklenburg County and York County, SC.\nThe county seat of Gaston County is Gastonia. Dallas served as the original county seat from 1846 until 1911.\nOf North Carolina's one hundred counties, Gaston County ranks 74th in size, consisting of approximately 364.5 square miles, and is seventh in population. The county has fifteen incorporated towns.
/m/09prnq	Alain Johannes Moschulski is a multi-instrumentalist and vocalist, whose primary instruments are guitar and drums. He has been instrumental as a founding member of several bands, including the alternative rock group Eleven and has been heavily involved with a number of prominent acts such as hard rock band Queens of the Stone Age, Them Crooked Vultures, Chris Cornell, Arctic Monkeys, Mark Lanegan, and The Desert Sessions, both as a musician and as a producer.\nAlain Johannes is nephew of Chilean Nueva ola musician Peter Rock.\nHe was born in Santiago de Chile.
/m/022fdt	Armenians are an ethnic group native to the Armenian Highland.\nArmenians constitute the main population of Armenia and the de facto independent Nagorno-Karabakh Republic. Due to centuries-long foreign domination, a wide-ranging diaspora of around 5 million people of full or partial Armenian ancestry live outside of modern Armenia. The largest Armenian populations today exist in Russia, the United States, France, Georgia, Iran, Lebanon, and Syria. With the exceptions of Georgia, Iran, Russia and the former Soviet states, the present-day Armenian diaspora was formed mainly as a result of the Armenian Genocide.\nMost Armenians adhere to the Armenian Apostolic Church, a non-Chalcedonian church, which is also the world's oldest national church. Christianity began to spread in Armenia soon after Jesus's death, due to the efforts of two of his apostles, St. Thaddeus and St. Bartholomew. In the early 4th century, the Kingdom of Armenia became the first nation to adopt Christianity as a state religion.\nArmenian is an Indo-European language. It has two mutually intelligible and written forms: Eastern Armenian, today spoken mainly in Armenia, Nagorno-Karabakh, Iran and the former Soviet republics, and Western Armenian, used in the historical Western Armenia and, after the Armenian Genocide, primarily in the Armenian diasporan communities. The unique Armenian alphabet was invented in 405 AD by Mesrop Mashtots.
/m/0mbql	The Goonies is a 1985 American adventure–comedy film directed by Richard Donner. The screenplay was written by Chris Columbus from a story by executive producer Steven Spielberg. The film's premise features a band of pre-teens who live in the \"Goon Docks\" neighborhood of Astoria, Oregon attempting to save their homes from demolition, and in doing so, discover an old Spanish map that leads them on an adventure to unearth the long-lost fortune of One-Eyed Willie, a legendary 17th-century pirate.
/m/01jmyj	Air Force One is a 1997 American action-thriller film written by Andrew W. Marlowe and directed and co-produced by Wolfgang Petersen. It is about a group of Russian terrorists that hijack Air Force One. The film stars Harrison Ford and Gary Oldman, as well as Glenn Close, Xander Berkeley, William H. Macy, Dean Stockwell, and Paul Guilfoyle. A box office success with generally supportive critical reviews, the film was one of the most popular action films of the 90s, and sitting U.S. President Bill Clinton praised it.
/m/0237w6	Tax noncompliance is a range of activities that are unfavorable to a state's tax system. This may include tax avoidance, which is tax reduction by legal means, and tax evasion which is the criminal non-payment of tax liabilities. The use of the term 'noncompliance' to refer to tax avoidance, however, is not universal or standard, and similar terms are also used differently by different authors. For example, in the United States the use of the term 'noncompliance' often refers only to illegal misreporting. Laws known as a General Anti-Avoidance Rule statutes which prohibit \"tax aggressive\" avoidance have been passed in several developed countries including the United States, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, South Africa, Norway and Hong Kong. In addition, judicial doctrines have accomplished the similar purpose, notably in the United States through the \"business purpose\" and \"economic substance\" doctrines established in Gregory v. Helvering. Though the specifics may vary according to jurisdiction, these rules invalidate tax avoidance which is technically legal but not for a business purpose or in violation of the spirit of the tax code. Related terms for tax avoidance include tax planning and tax sheltering.
/m/01nz1q6	Yoko Ono is a Japanese artist and peace activist, known for her work in avant-garde art, music and filmmaking, as well as her 1969 to 1980 marriage to John Lennon.\nDropping out of the graduate track program in philosophy at Tokyo's Peers School, Ono moved to New York in 1953 joining her immediate family who were already there. She became involved in New York City's downtown artists scene, collaborating and working with members in and around the Fluxus group. An independent artist in her own right before meeting Lennon, both the media and the public were critical of Ono for years. She was repeatedly criticized for her influence over Lennon and his music, and blamed for the breakup of the Beatles, as the couple's early years coincided with the band's final years. Her experimental art was also not popularly understood, and, after Lennon's death, disagreements with Paul McCartney received as much as attention as her billboards and music releases, which the media perceived to be simply attempts at self-promotion.\nThis public perception shifted over time, helped by, among other things, an important retrospective at a Whitney Museum branch in 1989. This was followed by a 1992 interview in L.A.-based music magazine, Option which coincided with the release of the six-disc box set Onobox, which included remastered highlights from all of her solo albums including a one-disc \"greatest hits\" release of highlights. Retrospectives of her work were presented again at the Japan Society in New York City in 2001, Bielefeld, Germany, and the UK in 2008, and Frankfurt, Krems, Austria, and Bilbao, Spain in 2013. She received a Golden Lion Award for lifetime achievement from the Venice Biennale in 2009 and the 2012 Oskar Kokoschka Prize, Austria's highest award for applied contemporary art.
/m/0j862	A tenor is a type of classical male singing voice whose vocal range is one of the highest of the male voice types. The tenor's vocal range lies between C3, the C one octave below middle C, and, the A above middle C. In solo work, this range extends up to, or \"tenor high C\". The low extreme for tenors is roughly A♭2. At the highest extreme, some tenors can sing up to two Fs above middle C.\nThe term tenor is also applied to instruments, such as the tenor saxophone, to indicate their range in relation to other instruments of the same group.\nWithin opera, the lowest note in the standard tenor repertoire is A2, but few roles fall below C3. The high extreme: a few tenor roles in the standard repertoire call for a \"tenor C\". Some of the few top Cs in the standard operatic repertoire are either optional or interpolated by tradition. However, the highest demanded note in the standard tenor operatic repertoire is D5. Some operatic roles for tenors require a darker timbre and fewer high notes. In the leggero repertoire the highest note is F5, therefore, very few tenors can, given the raising of concert pitch since its composition, have this role in their repertoire without transposition.
/m/04rcr	Metallica is an American thrash metal band from Los Angeles, California. The band's fast tempos, instrumentals, and aggressive musicianship placed them as one of the founding \"big four\" of thrash metal alongside Slayer, Megadeth, and Anthrax. Metallica was formed in 1981 when James Hetfield responded to an advertisement that drummer Lars Ulrich had posted in a local newspaper. The current line-up features founders Hetfield and Ulrich, longtime lead guitarist Kirk Hammett and bassist Robert Trujillo, who joined the band in 2003. Previous members of the band are lead guitarist Dave Mustaine, who went on to found Megadeth, bassists Ron McGovney, Cliff Burton, and Jason Newsted. The band also had a long collaboration with producer Bob Rock, who produced all of its albums from 1990 to 2003 and served as a temporary bassist between the departure of Newsted and the hiring of Trujillo.\nThe band earned a growing fan-base in the underground music community and critical acclaim with its first four albums, with their third, Master of Puppets, described as one of the most influential and \"heavy\" thrash metal albums. Metallica achieved substantial commercial success with their eponymous fifth album, which debuted at number one on the Billboard 200. With this release the band expanded its musical direction resulting in an album that appealed to a more mainstream audience.
/m/0ck7l	A ninja or shinobi was a covert agent or mercenary in feudal Japan. The functions of the ninja included espionage, sabotage, infiltration, and assassination, and open combat in certain situations. Their covert methods of waging war contrasted the ninja with the samurai, who observed strict rules about honor and combat. The shinobi proper, a specially trained group of spies and mercenaries, appeared in the Sengoku or \"warring states\" period, in the 15th century, but antecedents may have existed in the 14th century, and possibly even in the 12th century.\nIn the unrest of the Sengoku period, mercenaries and spies for hire became active in the Iga Province and the adjacent area around the village of Kōga, and it is from their ninja clans that much of our knowledge of the ninja is drawn. Following the unification of Japan under the Tokugawa shogunate, the ninja faded into obscurity. A number of shinobi manuals, often centered around Chinese military philosophy, were written in the 17th and 18th centuries, most notably the Bansenshukai.\nBy the time of the Meiji Restoration, the tradition of the shinobi had become a topic of popular imagination and mystery in Japan. Ninja figured prominently in folklore and legend, and as a result it is often difficult to separate historical fact from myth. Some legendary abilities purported to be in the province of ninja training include invisibility, walking on water, and control over the natural elements. As a consequence, their perception in western popular culture in the 20th century is often based more on such legend and folklore than on the historical spies of the Sengoku period.
/m/01j28z	The term rockumentary is a portmanteau word denoting a documentary about rock music or its musicians. The term was first used by Bill Drake in the 1969 History of Rock & Roll radio broadcast.
/m/01tszq	Tara Lyn Strong is a Canadian actress and singer. She has done voice work in numerous animated films and television series. Her voice roles include Harley Quinn from Batman: Arkham, Dil Pickles from Rugrats and All Grown Up!, Bubbles from The Powerpuff Girls, Timmy Turner and Poof from The Fairly OddParents, Raven from Teen Titans and Teen Titans Go!, Ben Tennyson from Ben 10, Princess Clara and Toot Braunstein from Drawn Together, Twilight Sparkle from My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic, Deandre Avant in \"The Adventures in School\" & \"The Middle School Adventures\", Wendy Radical in \"Awesome Squad\" & \"Radical Dudes\", Plum in Bravest Warriors, and Ginger in Talking Tom and Friends.
/m/02fr2d	The Imperial Japanese Army literally \"Army of the Greater Japanese Empire\", was the official ground-based armed force of the Empire of Japan, from 1871 to 1945. It was controlled by the Imperial Army General Staff Office and the Ministry of War, both of which were nominally subordinate to the Emperor of Japan as supreme commander of the army and the navy. Later an Inspectorate General of Military Aviation, became the third agency with oversight over the army. During wartime or national emergencies, the nominal command functions of the emperor would be centralized in an Imperial General Headquarters, an ad-hoc body consisting of the chief and vice chief of the Army General Staff, the minister of war, the chief and vice chief of the Naval General Staff, the inspector general of military aviation, and the inspector general of military training.
/m/0fp_xp	Jermaine Maurice Easter is a Welsh international footballer currently playing as a striker for Millwall.
/m/0gqfy	Nagoya is the largest city in the Chūbu region of Japan. It is the third-largest incorporated city and the fourth most populous urban area in Japan. Located on the Pacific coast on central Honshu, it is the capital of Aichi Prefecture and is one of Japan's major ports along with those of Tokyo, Osaka, Kobe, Yokohama, Chiba, and Kitakyushu. It is also the center of Japan's third largest metropolitan region, known as the Chūkyō Metropolitan Area. As of 2000, Chūkyō Metropolitan Area has 8.74 million people, of which 2.27 million live in the city of Nagoya.
/m/0r1yc	Carmel-by-the-Sea, often called simply Carmel, is a city in Monterey County, California, USA, founded in 1902 and incorporated on October 31, 1916. Situated on the Monterey Peninsula, Carmel is known for its natural scenery and rich artistic history. In 1906, the San Francisco Call devoted a full page to the \"artists, poets and writers of Carmel-by-the-Sea\", and in 1910 it reported that 60 percent of Carmel's houses were built by citizens who were \"devoting their lives to work connected to the aesthetic arts.\" Early City Councils were dominated by artists, and the city has had several mayors who were poets or actors, including Herbert Heron, founder of the Forest Theater, bohemian writer and actor Perry Newberry, and actor-director Clint Eastwood, who was mayor for one term, from 1986 to 1988.\nThe city is known for being dog-friendly, with numerous hotels, restaurants and retail establishments admitting guests with dogs. Carmel is also known for several unusual laws, including a prohibition on wearing high-heel shoes without a permit, enacted to prevent lawsuits arising from tripping accidents caused by irregular pavement.\nCarmel-by-the-Sea is located on the Pacific coast, about 330 miles north of Los Angeles and 120 miles south of San Francisco. As of the 2010 census, the town had a total population of 3,722, down from 4,081 at the 2000 census.
/m/06rgq	Sheryl Suzanne Crow is an American musician, singer, songwriter and actress. Her music incorporates elements of pop, rock, folk, country and blues. She has released eight studio albums, two compilations, a live album and has contributed to a number of film soundtracks. She has sold more than 17 million albums in the US and over 50 million albums worldwide. Additionally, Crow has garnered nine Grammy Awards from the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences.\nIn addition to her own work, Crow has performed with the Rolling Stones, Stevie Nicks, Michael Jackson, Eric Clapton, Luciano Pavarotti, Willie Nelson, Smokey Robinson, B.B. King, Tony Bennett, Kid Rock and Sting, among others. She has also performed backing vocals for Tina Turner, Don Henley, Stevie Nicks, Belinda Carlisle, Ryan Adams, and for the Bob Dylan 30th Anniversary celebrating Dylan's thirty years as a recording artist.\nAs an actress, Crow has appeared on various television shows including NBC's 30 Rock, ABC's GCB and Cougar Town, Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert's Rally to Restore Sanity and/or Fear, as well as Warner's One Tree Hill.
/m/05tg3	The Philadelphia Eagles are an American football team based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. They are members of the East Division of the National Football Conference in the National Football League. The Eagles have won three NFL titles and made two Super Bowl appearances, losing both.\nThe club was established in 1931 as a replacement for the bankrupt Frankford Yellow Jackets when a group led by Bert Bell secured the rights to a NFL franchise in Philadelphia. Heretofore, Bell, Chuck Bednarik, Bob Brown, Reggie White, Steve Van Buren, Tommy McDonald, Greasy Neale, Pete Pihos, Sonny Jurgensen, and Norm Van Brocklin have been inducted to the Pro Football Hall of Fame.
/m/0193fp	Gifu Prefecture is a prefecture in the Chūbu region of central Japan. Its capital is the city of Gifu.\nLocated in the center of Japan, it has long played an important part as the crossroads of Japan, connecting the east to the west through such routes as the Nakasendō. During the Sengoku period, many people referred to Gifu by saying, \"control Gifu and you control Japan.\"
/m/0lgxj	The 1952 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XV Olympiad, were an international multi-sport event held in Helsinki, Finland, in 1952. Helsinki had been earlier selected to host the 1940 Summer Olympics, which were cancelled due to World War II. It had been the Olympic Games at which the most number of world records were broken, until surpassed by the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. The Soviet Union, the People's Republic of China, and Israel made their Olympic debuts in Helsinki 1952.
/m/0287477	Wanted is a 2008 action film which is very loosely based on the comic book miniseries of the same name by Mark Millar. The film is directed by Timur Bekmambetov and stars James McAvoy, Morgan Freeman, Thomas Kretschmann, Terence Stamp, Angelina Jolie and Konstantin Khabensky. The storyline follows Wesley Gibson, a frustrated office worker who discovers that he is the son of a professional assassin and decides to join the entity in which he used to work, a secret guild called The Fraternity.
/m/0fxgg9	Sophisti-pop was a sub-genre of pop that flourished in the UK between the mid-1980s and early 1990s, incorporating elements of soft rock, jazz, new wave, and blue-eyed soul. The genre made extensive use of electronic keyboards, synthesizers, and polished arrangements, particularly horn sections.\nStylus suggested that acts were influenced by the work of Roxy Music and Bryan Ferry's solo work. According to Allmusic, major artists included Sade, The Style Council, Basia, Swing Out Sister, Prefab Sprout, and the early work of Everything but the Girl.
/m/0372p	Gottfried Wilhelm von Leibniz was a German mathematician and philosopher. He occupies a prominent place in the history of mathematics and the history of philosophy.\nLeibniz developed the infinitesimal calculus independently of Isaac Newton, and Leibniz's mathematical notation has been widely used ever since it was published. It was only in the 20th century that his Law of Continuity and Transcendental Law of Homogeneity found mathematical implementation. He became one of the most prolific inventors in the field of mechanical calculators. While working on adding automatic multiplication and division to Pascal's calculator, he was the first to describe a pinwheel calculator in 1685 and invented the Leibniz wheel, used in the arithmometer, the first mass-produced mechanical calculator. He also refined the binary number system, which is at the foundation of virtually all digital computers.\nIn philosophy, Leibniz is most noted for his optimism, e.g., his conclusion that our Universe is, in a restricted sense, the best possible one that God could have created. Leibniz, along with René Descartes and Baruch Spinoza, was one of the three great 17th century advocates of rationalism. The work of Leibniz anticipated modern logic and analytic philosophy, but his philosophy also looks back to the scholastic tradition, in which conclusions are produced by applying reason to first principles or prior definitions rather than to empirical evidence.
/m/01423b	Chester, is a city in Cheshire, England. Lying on the River Dee, close to the border with Wales, it is home to 120,622 inhabitants, and is the largest and most populous settlement of the wider unitary authority area of Cheshire West and Chester, which had a population of 328,100 according to the 2001 Census. Chester was granted city status in 1541.\nChester was founded as a \"castrum\" or Roman fort with the name Deva Victrix in the year 79 by the Roman Legio II Adiutrix during the reign of the Emperor Vespasian. Chester's four main roads, Eastgate, Northgate, Watergate and Bridge, follow routes laid out at this time – almost 2,000 years ago. One of the three main Roman army camps, Deva later became a major settlement in the Roman province of Britannia. The Roman Empire fell three hundred years later, and the Romano-British established a number of petty kingdoms in its place. Chester is thought to have been part of Powys at this time. King Arthur is said to have fought his ninth battle at the city of the legions and later St Augustine came to the city to try and unite the church and hold his synod with the Welsh Bishops. In 616, Æthelfrith of Northumbria defeated a Welsh army at the Battle of Chester and probably established the Anglo-Saxon position in the area from then on.
/m/07bzz7	Yellow Submarine is a 1968 British animated musical fantasy, comedy film based on the music of The Beatles.\nThe film was directed by animation producer George Dunning, and produced by United Artists and King Features Syndicate. Initial press reports stated that the Beatles themselves would provide their own character voices, however, aside from composing and performing the songs, the real Beatles participated only in the closing scene of the film, while their cartoon counterparts were voiced by other actors.\nThe film received a widely positive reception from critics and audiences alike. It is also credited with bringing more interest in animation as a serious art form. Time commented that it \"turned into a smash hit, delighting adolescents and esthetes alike\".
/m/01l3vx	The France national football team represents France in international football. It is fielded by the French Football Federation, the governing body of football in France, and competes as a member of UEFA, which encompasses the countries of Europe. The national team's traditional colours are blue, white and red, the colors of the national flag of France, known as the drapeau tricolore, and the coq gaulois is the symbol of the team. France is colloquially known as Les Bleus, which is the name associated with all of the country's sporting national teams, due to the blue shirts each team incorporates.\nFrance played its first official match in 1904, and today primarily plays its home matches at the Stade de France in Saint-Denis, a suburb of Paris. The national team has won one FIFA World Cup title, two UEFA European Football Championships, an Olympic tournament, and two FIFA Confederations Cups. Following France's 2001 Confederations Cup victory, they became, along with Argentina, the only national teams to win the three most important men's titles organized by FIFA. France has a strong rivalry with neighbours Italy, and has historically also had important rivalries with Belgium, Brazil, England, Germany, and Spain.
/m/028hc2	Lyle Pearce Lovett is an American country singer-songwriter and actor. Active since 1980, he has recorded thirteen albums and released 21 singles to date, including his highest entry, the number 10 chart hit on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Songs chart, \"Cowboy Man\". Lovett has won four Grammy Awards, including Best Male Country Vocal Performance and Best Country Album. It's Not Big It's Large was released in 2007, where it debuted and peaked at number 2 on the Top Country Albums chart. A new studio album, Natural Forces, was released on October 20, 2009 by Lost Highway Records. The last studio album on his Curbs Records contract, Release Me, was released in February 2012.
/m/02s2ys	The Wales national football team represents Wales in international football. It is controlled by the Football Association of Wales, the governing body for football in Wales and the third-oldest national football association in the world. The team have only qualified for a major international tournament once in their history, when Wales qualified for the 1958 FIFA World Cup. However, Wales did progress through UEFA Euro 1976 qualifying to the quarter-final, which was played on a home and away leg basis.\nAlthough part of the United Kingdom, Wales has always had a representative side that plays in all the major professional tournaments, though not in the Olympic Games, as the IOC has always recognised United Kingdom representative sides.\nWales were placed in Group A for qualification for the 2014 FIFA World Cup tournament alongside Croatia, Serbia, Belgium, Scotland and Macedonia.
/m/0171b8	Kaunas is the second-largest city in Lithuania and has historically been a leading centre of Lithuanian economic, academic, and cultural life. Kaunas was the biggest city and the centre of a powiat in Trakai Voivodeship of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania since 1413. During Russian Empire occupation it was the capital of the Kovno Governorate from 1843 to 1915. It became the only temporary capital city in Europe during the Interwar period. Now it is the capital of Kaunas County, the seat of the Kaunas city municipality and the Kaunas district municipality. It is also the seat of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Kaunas. Kaunas is located at the confluence of the two largest Lithuanian rivers, the Nemunas and the Neris, and near the Kaunas Reservoir, the largest body of water entirely in Lithuania.
/m/01vs4ff	David Jon Gilmour, CBE, is an English musician, singer, songwriter and multi-instrumentalist. He is best known for his work as the guitarist and co-lead vocalist of the progressive rock band Pink Floyd. It is estimated that as of 2012, the group have sold over 250 million records worldwide, including 74.5 million units sold in the United States.\nIn addition to his work with Pink Floyd, Gilmour has produced a variety of artists, and has enjoyed a successful career as a solo artist. He has also been actively involved with many charities. In 2005, Gilmour was appointed CBE for his services to music. He was awarded with the Outstanding Contribution title at the 2008 Q Awards. In 2011, Rolling Stone magazine ranked him number 14 in their list of the greatest guitarists of all time.
/m/01qx13	Leander Adrian Paes is an Indian professional tennis player who features in the doubles events in the ATP Tour and the Davis Cup tournament. Having won eight doubles and six mixed doubles Grand Slam titles and finishing as runner up in numerous other Grand Slam finals, he is considered to be one of the greatest and most respected contemporary doubles and mixed doubles players in the world. He is the oldest man to have won a grand slam. He is among the most successful professional Indian tennis players and is also the former captain of the Indian Davis Cup team. He is the recipient of India's highest sporting honour, the Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna award, in 1996–1997; the Arjuna Award in 1990; and the Padma Shri award in 2001 for his outstanding contribution to tennis in India. Paes completed the career grand slam in men's doubles after winning the Australian Open in 2012. He is the sports ambassador of the Indian state of Haryana.\nApart from his fourteen Grand Slam victories in doubles and mixed doubles events, he is famous for his several memorable Davis Cup performances playing for India and also for winning a bronze medal for India in the 1996 Atlanta Olympic Games. He also achieved the rare men's doubles/mixed doubles double in the 1999 Wimbledon. His consecutive Olympic appearances from 1992 to 2012 make him the first Indian and first & only tennis player to compete at six Olympic Games. After winning the mixed doubles Wimbledon title in 2010, Paes became only the second man to win Wimbledon titles in three different decades. In 2010, he joined the Board of Directors of Olympic Gold Quest, a foundation co-founded by Geet Sethi and Prakash Padukone to support talented athletes from India in winning Olympic medals. Apart from the ATP circuit, he also plays in World TeamTennis for the Washington Kastles, being on the 2009, 2011 and 2012 championship teams. The 2011 and 2012 Kastles are the only team to complete an undefeated season at 16–0 and the Kastles did it in back to back years and have not lost a match since the last match of the regular season in 2010. He was named Male MVP for 2009 and 2011 for all of World Team Tennis.
/m/02qyp19	The BAFTA Award for Best Original Screenplay is the British Academy Film Award for the best script not based upon previously published material. It has been awarded since 1984, when the original category was split into two awards, the other being the BAFTA Award for Best Adapted Screenplay.
/m/038czx	Transylvania University is a private university in Lexington, Kentucky, United States. It was founded in 1780, making it the first university in Kentucky and among the oldest in the United States. It offers 36 major programs, as well as dual-degree engineering programs, and is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools. Transylvania's name, meaning \"across the woods\" in Latin, stems from the university's founding in the heavily forested region of western Virginia known as the Transylvania colony, which became most of Kentucky in 1792.\nTransylvania has educated two U.S. vice presidents, two U.S. Supreme Court justices, fifty U.S. senators, 101 U.S. representatives, 36 U.S. governors, and 34 U.S. ambassadors, making it a large producer of U.S. statesmen.
/m/02cq61	The Master of Laws is an advanced academic degree, pursued by those holding a professional law degree, and is commonly abbreviated LL.M, from the Latin Legum Magister.
/m/09p7fh	The French Lieutenant's Woman is a 1981 film directed by Karel Reisz and adapted by playwright Harold Pinter. It is based on the novel by John Fowles. The music score is by Carl Davis and the cinematography by Freddie Francis.\nThe film stars Meryl Streep and Jeremy Irons with Hilton McRae, Jean Faulds, Peter Vaughan, Colin Jeavons, Liz Smith, Patience Collier, Richard Griffiths, David Warner, Alun Armstrong, Penelope Wilton and Leo McKern.\nThe film was nominated for five Academy Awards: Streep was nominated for Academy Award for Best Actress, and the film was nominated for Academy Award for Best Writing, but both lost to On Golden Pond.
/m/01rnxn	Bruce MacLeish Dern is an American actor. He frequently takes roles as a supporting character actor, often playing villains of unstable nature. He has appeared in more than 80 feature films, and received Academy Award nominations for Best Supporting Actor for the 1978 film Coming Home and Best Actor for the 2013 film Nebraska.
/m/0172rj	Doom metal is an extreme form of heavy metal music that typically uses slower tempos, low-tuned guitars and a much \"thicker\" or \"heavier\" sound than other metal genres. Both the music and the lyrics intend to evoke a sense of despair, dread, and impending doom. The genre is strongly influenced by the early work of Black Sabbath, who formed a prototype for doom metal with songs such as \"Black Sabbath\", \"Electric Funeral\" and \"Into the Void\". During the first half of the 1980s, a number of bands from England, the United States and Sweden defined doom metal as a distinct genre.
/m/0gjc4d3	Man of Steel is a 2013 American superhero film directed by Zack Snyder, produced by Christopher Nolan, and written by David S. Goyer. Based on the DC Comics character Superman, the film is a reboot of the Superman film series that portrays the character's origin story. The film stars Henry Cavill in the title role, with Amy Adams as Lois Lane, Michael Shannon as General Zod, Diane Lane as Martha Kent, Kevin Costner as Jonathan Kent, Laurence Fishburne as Perry White, and Russell Crowe as Jor-El.\nDevelopment began in 2008 when Warner Bros. Pictures took pitches from comic book writers, screenwriters and directors, opting to reboot the franchise. In 2009, a court ruling resulted in Jerry Siegel's family recapturing the rights to Superman's origins and Siegel's copyright. The decision stated that Warner Bros. did not owe the families additional royalties from previous films, but if they did not begin production on a Superman film by 2011, then the Shuster and Siegel estates would be able to sue for lost revenue on an unproduced film. Nolan pitched Goyer's idea after story discussion on The Dark Knight Rises, and Snyder was hired as the film's director in October 2010. Principal photography began in August 2011 in West Chicago, Illinois, before moving to Vancouver and Plano, Illinois. Man of Steel marks the first film in an intended shared fictional cinematic universe with other DC Comics characters.
/m/02p_ycc	Arthur J. Nascarella is an American actor who has appeared in dozens of films, most often playing a mobster or police officer. Among his notable film credits include a corrupt cop in Cop Land, a hypocritical ambulance captain in Bringing Out The Dead and a fed-up casino boss in The Cooler; he has also appeared in Clockers, He Got Game, Enemy of the State, World Trade Center, and Solitary Man.\nHe played fictional mobster and Capo Carlo Gervasi in the hit TV-series The Sopranos.\nBefore he became an actor, Nascarella was a 20-year veteran of the New York City Police Department. He also served eight years in the United States Marine Corps.
/m/0ck9l7	Political hip hop is a sub-genre of hip hop music that developed in the 1980s. Inspired by 1970s political preachers such as The Last Poets and Gil Scott-Heron, Public Enemy were the first political hip hop group. Grandmaster Flash and the Furious Five released the first sociopolitical rap song in 1982, called \"The Message\", which inspired numerous rappers to address social and political subjects.
/m/099ck7	The Critics' Choice Movie Award for Best Actor is one of the awards given to people working in the motion picture industry by the Broadcast Film Critics Association at their annual Critics' Choice Movie Awards.
/m/02qvz	Ethanol, also called ethyl alcohol, pure alcohol, grain alcohol, or drinking alcohol, is a volatile, flammable, colorless liquid with the structural formula CH3CH2OH, often abbreviated as C2H5OH or C2H6O. Ethanol is a psychoactive drug and is one of the oldest recreational drugs still used by humans. Ethanol can cause alcohol intoxication when consumed. Best known as the type of alcohol found in alcoholic beverages, it is also used in thermometers, as a solvent, and as a fuel. In common usage, it is often referred to simply as alcohol or spirits.
/m/02m0b0	Bennington College is a private, nonsectarian liberal arts college located in Bennington, Vermont, USA. The college was founded in 1932 as a women's college and became co-educational in 1969. It is accredited with the New England Association of Schools & Colleges.
/m/02lcrv	The Alaska Time Zone observes standard time by subtracting nine hours from Coordinated Universal Time. During daylight saving time its time offset is eight hours. The clock time in this zone is based on mean solar time at the 135th meridian west of the Greenwich Observatory.\nThe zone includes nearly all of the U.S. state of Alaska and is one hour behind the Pacific Time Zone.\nstandard time: Alaska Standard Time\ndaylight saving time: Alaska Daylight Time\nThe western Aleutian Islands observe Hawaii-Aleutian Time, one hour behind the remainder of the state.\nEffective from 2007, the local time changes from AKST to AKDT at 02:00 LST to 03:00 LDT on the second Sunday in March and returns at 02:00 LDT to 01:00 LST on the first Sunday in November.
/m/014kbl	A puppeteer is a person who manipulates an inanimate object, such as a puppet, in real time to create the illusion of life. The puppeteer may be visible to or hidden from the audience. A puppeteer can operate a puppet indirectly by the use of strings, rods, wires, electronics or directly by his or her own hands placed inside the puppet or holding it externally. Some puppet styles require puppeteers to work together as a team to create a single puppet character.\nThere are a wide range of styles of puppetry but whatever the style, the puppeteer's role is to manipulate the physical object in such a manner that the audience believes the object is imbued with life. In some instances the persona of the puppeteer is also an important feature.\nThe relationship between the puppeteer and the puppet-maker is often assumed to be similar to that between an actor and a playwright. This may be so, but one of the characteristics of puppetry is that very often the puppeteer assumes the joint roles of puppet-maker, director, designer, writer and performer. In this case a puppeteer is a more complete theatre practitioner than is the case within other theatre forms.\nPuppetry is a live medium and this distinguishes it from animation in which animators make a puppet appear to move by using a stop motion film technique in which the puppet is moved tiny fractions between each frame.
/m/01wx74	Rotorua is a city on the southern shores of the lake of the same name, in the Bay of Plenty area of the North Island of New Zealand. The city is the seat of the Rotorua District, a territorial authority encompassing the city and several other nearby towns. The majority of the Rotorua District, including the city, is in the Bay of Plenty local government region; a sizable southern section and a small western section are in the Waikato local government region. Rotorua city has an estimated permanent population of 56,200; the Rotorua District has a total estimated population of 68,600, of which 3,600 live in the Waikato section. The city is in the heart of the North Island, just 60 kilometres south of Tauranga, 80 kilometres north of Taupo, 105 kilometres east of Hamilton, and 230 kilometres southeast of the nation's most populous city, Auckland.\nRotorua is a major destination for both domestic and international tourists; the tourism industry is by far the largest industry in the district. The city is known for its geothermal activity, and features geysers – notably the Pohutu Geyser at Whakarewarewa – and hot mud pools. This thermal activity is sourced to the Rotorua caldera, on which the city lies. Rotorua is home to the Waiariki Institute of Technology.
/m/03m_k0	Alan E. Ball is an American writer, director, and producer for television, film, and theatre.\nHe is particularly notable for writing American Beauty, True Blood and for creating Six Feet Under, work which earned him an Academy Award, an Emmy, and awards from the Writers, Directors, and Producers Guilds.
/m/03vtbc	Silver is a metallic color tone resembling gray that is a representation of the color of polished silver.\nThe visual sensation usually associated with the metal silver is its metallic shine. This cannot be reproduced by a simple solid color, because the shiny effect is due to the material's brightness varying with the surface angle to the light source. In addition, there is no mechanism for showing metallic or fluorescent colors on a computer without resorting to rendering software which simulates the action of light on a shiny surface. Consequently in art and in heraldry one would normally use a metallic paint that glitters like real silver. A matte grey color like the swatch on this page could also be considered silver in color.
/m/05rznz	South Sudan, officially the Republic of South Sudan, is a landlocked country in northeastern Africa that gained its independence from Sudan in 2011. Its current capital is Juba, which is also its largest city. The capital city is planned to be changed to the more centrally located Ramciel in the future. South Sudan is bordered by the Republic of Sudan to the north, Ethiopia to the east, Kenya to the southeast, Uganda to the south, the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the southwest, and the Central African Republic to the west. It includes the vast swamp region of the Sudd, formed by the White Nile and known locally as the Bahr al Jabal.\nThe territories of modern South Sudan and the Republic of Sudan were occupied by Egypt under the Muhammad Ali Dynasty, and later governed as an Anglo-Egyptian condominium until Sudanese independence was achieved in 1956. Following the First Sudanese Civil War, the Southern Sudan Autonomous Region was formed in 1972 and lasted until 1983. A second Sudanese civil war soon developed and ended with the Comprehensive Peace Agreement of 2005. Later that year, southern autonomy was restored when an Autonomous Government of Southern Sudan was formed.
/m/01yh3y	Corey Burton is an American voice actor, perhaps best known as the current voice of Captain Hook for numerous Disney projects, Brainiac in the DC animated universe, several central characters for numerous Star Wars projects, and Spike Witwicky and Shockwave in the Transformers universe. He has worked on numerous cartoon series for major networks such as Cartoon Network and has worked extensively with The Walt Disney Company and Disney theme parks.
/m/03m10r	Football Club Dynamo Kyiv is a Ukrainian professional football club based in Kiev. Founded in 1927 as part of the Soviet Dynamo Sports Society, the club currently plays in the Ukrainian Premier League, and has never been relegated to a lower division. Their home is the 70,050 capacity Olimpiyskiy National Sports Complex. It is by far Ukraine's most popular football club.\nSince 1936 Dynamo has spent its entire history in the top league of Soviet and later Ukrainian football. Its most successful periods are associated with Valeriy Lobanovskyi, who coached the team during three stints, leading them to numerous domestic and European titles. Dynamo Kyiv became the only Soviet club outside of Moscow that managed to overcome the total hegemony of Moscow-based clubs in the Soviet Top League. The Spartak Moscow - Dynamo Kyiv became the most exciting football rivalry in the Soviet Union that almost completely eclipsed the Moscow's derby Spartak - Dynamo. Since late 1960s the club almost annually participates at the UEFA continental competitions.\nOver the history Dynamo Kyiv has won 26 national titles, 18 national cup competitions, and 3 continental titles. Along with FC Dinamo Tbilisi, they were the only two Soviet clubs that succeeded in the UEFA competitions. The first team of Dynamo became a base team for the Soviet Union national football team in 1970-80s and the Ukraine national football team in 1990-2000s. The current manager is a former Dynamo legend and multiple Soviet football records holder Oleh Blokhin. The two stars on the club's crest signify every 10 domestic titles the club has won.
/m/01vs4f3	Roger Keith \"Syd\" Barrett was an English musician, singer, songwriter, guitarist, and painter, best remembered as a founder member of the band Pink Floyd. He was the lead vocalist, guitarist, and principal songwriter during the band's psychedelic years, providing major musical and stylistic direction in their early work. In addition, he is credited with naming the band. Barrett left the group in April 1968 and was briefly hospitalized amid speculation of mental illness exacerbated by drug use.\nBarrett was musically active for fewer than ten years, when he recorded four singles with Pink Floyd, the debut album, plus several unreleased songs. In 1969, Barrett initiated his solo career when he released the single, \"Octopus\", taken from his first solo album, The Madcap Laughs. The album was recorded over the course of one year with five different producers. Nearly two months after Madcap was released, Barrett began working on his second and final album, Barrett, which was released in late 1970. He then went into self-imposed seclusion lasting until his death in 2006. In 1988, an album of unreleased tracks and outtakes, Opel, was released by EMI with Barrett's approval.
/m/0c3kw	Gregory Dale \"Greg\" Bear is an American science fiction and mainstream author. His work has covered themes of galactic conflict, artificial universes, consciousness and cultural practices, and accelerated evolution. His most recent work is the Forerunner Trilogy, written in the Halo universe. Greg Bear has written 44 books in total.
/m/0cm03	Edward VII was King of the United Kingdom and the British Dominions and Emperor of India from 22 January 1901 until his death.\nThe eldest son of Queen Victoria and Prince Albert of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, Edward was related to royalty throughout Europe. Before his accession to the throne, he served as heir apparent and held the title of Prince of Wales for longer than any of his predecessors. During the long reign of his mother, he was largely excluded from political power and came to personify the fashionable, leisured elite. He travelled throughout Britain performing ceremonial public duties and represented Britain on visits abroad. His tours of North America in 1860 and the Indian subcontinent in 1875 were popular successes, but his reputation as a playboy prince soured his relationship with his mother.\nAs king, Edward played a role in the modernisation of the British Home Fleet and the reorganisation of the British Army after the Second Boer War. He re-instituted traditional ceremonies as public displays and broadened the range of people with whom royalty socialised. He fostered good relations between Britain and other European countries, especially France, for which he was popularly called \"Peacemaker\", but his relationship with his nephew, Kaiser Wilhelm II, was poor. The Edwardian era, which covered Edward's reign and was named after him, coincided with the start of a new century and heralded significant changes in technology and society, including steam turbine propulsion and the rise of socialism. He died in 1910 in the midst of a constitutional crisis that was resolved the following year by the Parliament Act 1911, which restricted the power of the unelected House of Lords.
/m/0f13b	Leonard Simon Nimoy is an American actor, film director, poet, singer and photographer. Nimoy is best known for his role of Spock in the original Star Trek series, and in multiple film, television, and video game sequels.\nNimoy began his career in his early twenties, teaching acting classes in Hollywood and making minor film and television appearances through the 1950s, as well as playing the title role in Kid Monk Baroni. In 1953, he served in the United States Army. In 1965, he made his first appearance in the rejected Star Trek pilot, \"The Cage,\" and would go on to play the character of Mr. Spock until 1969, followed by seven feature films and guest slots in the various spin-off series. His character of Spock has had a significant cultural impact and garnered Nimoy three Emmy Award nominations; TV Guide named Spock one of the 50 greatest TV characters. After the original Star Trek series, Nimoy starred in Mission: Impossible for two seasons, hosted the documentary series In Search of..., and narrated Civilization IV, as well as making several well-received stage appearances. More recently, he also had a recurring role in the science fiction series Fringe.
/m/05tgm	Paganism is a broad group of indigenous and historical polytheistic religious traditions—primarily those of cultures known to the classical world. In a wider sense, Paganism has also been understood to include any non-Abrahamic, folk, ethnic religion. Modern ethnologists often avoid referring to non-classical and non-European, traditional and historical faiths as Pagan in favour of less ambiguous labels such as polytheism, shamanism, pantheism, and animism.\nContemporary or modern paganism is a group of new religious movements influenced by, or claiming to be derived from, the various historical pagan beliefs of pre-modern Europe. Contemporary Pagan religious movements are diverse, sharing no single set of beliefs, deities, creed, ritual practices, or texts; nor do any claim to be absolutely authoritative. However, there is a great deal of overlap amongst Pagan movements and there are a number of beliefs commonly shared by many Pagans, including pluralism, pantheism, polytheism, and a general belief that divinity is found in mind and nature.
/m/01pv51	Power forward is a position in the sport of basketball. The position is referred to in playbook terms as the four position and is commonly abbreviated \"PF\". It has also been referred to as the \"post\" position. Power forwards play a role similar to that of center in what is called the \"post\" or \"low blocks\". They typically play offensively with their backs towards the basket and position themselves defensively under the basket in a zone defense or against the opposing power forward in man-to-man defense. The power forward position entails a variety of responsibilities, one of which is rebounding. Many power forwards are noted for their mid-range jump-shot, and several players have become very accurate from 12 to 18 feet. These skills are more typically exhibited in the European style of play.\nIn the NBA, power forwards usually range from 6' 8\" to 7' and 240 to 260 pounds or more. Despite the averages, a variety of players fit \"tweener\" roles which finds them in the small forward and/or center position depending upon matchups and coaching decisions. Some \"natural\" power forwards often play the center position and have the skills but lack the height that is associated with that position.
/m/0ccd3x	West Side Story is a 1961 American musical film directed by Robert Wise and Jerome Robbins. The film is an adaptation of the 1957 Broadway musical of the same name, which in turn was inspired by William Shakespeare's play Romeo and Juliet. It stars Natalie Wood, Richard Beymer, Russ Tamblyn, Rita Moreno and George Chakiris and was photographed by Daniel L. Fapp, A.S.C., in Super Panavision 70.\nThe film was released on October 18, 1961, through United Artists. It received praise from critics and the public, and became the second highest grossing film of the year in the United States. The film was nominated for 11 Academy Awards and won 10, including Best Picture, as well as a special award for Robbins. West Side Story won more Academy Awards than any other musical film.
/m/0274v0r	The Australian Film Institute Award for Best Achievement in Cinematography is an award in the annual Australian Film Institute Awards. It has been awarded annually since 1976.
/m/032l1	Fyodor Mikhailovich Dostoyevsky, sometimes transliterated Dostoevsky, was a Russian novelist, short story writer, essayist and philosopher. Dostoyevsky's literary works explore human psychology in the context of the troubled political, social, and spiritual atmosphere of 19th-century Russia. He began writing in his 20s, and his first novel, Poor Folk, was published in 1846 when he was 25. His major works include Crime and Punishment, The Idiot, and The Brothers Karamazov. His output consists of eleven novels, three novellas, seventeen short novels and numerous other works. Many literary critics rate him as one of the greatest and most prominent psychologists in world literature.\nBorn in Moscow in 1821, Dostoyevsky was introduced to literature at an early age through fairy tales and legends, and through books by Russian and foreign authors. His mother died in 1837, when he was 15, and around the same time he left school to enter the Nikolayev Military Engineering Institute. After graduating, he worked as an engineer and briefly enjoyed a lavish lifestyle, translating books to earn extra money. In the mid-1840s he wrote his first novel, Poor Folk, which gained him entry into St. Petersburg's literary circles.
/m/0d2ww	A supermodel is a highly paid fashion model who usually has a worldwide reputation and often a background in haute couture and commercial modeling. The term supermodel became prominent in the popular culture of the 1980s. Supermodels usually work for top fashion designers and famous clothing brands. They have multi-million dollar contracts, endorsements and campaigns. They have branded themselves as household names and worldwide recognition is associated with their modeling careers. They have been on the covers of prestigious magazines such as French, British and Italian Vogue. Claudia Schiffer stated, \"In order to become a supermodel one must be on all the covers all over the world at the same time so that people can recognise the girls.\"
/m/03cf9ly	Fringe is an American science fiction television series created by J. J. Abrams, Alex Kurtzman, and Roberto Orci. It premiered on the Fox Broadcasting network on September 9, 2008, and concluded on January 18, 2013, after five seasons and 100 episodes. The series follows Olivia Dunham, Peter Bishop, and Walter Bishop, members of the fictional Fringe Division of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, based in Boston, Massachusetts, under the supervision of Homeland Security. The team uses fringe science and FBI investigative techniques to investigate a series of unexplained, often ghastly occurrences, which are related to mysteries surrounding a parallel universe. The series has been described as a hybrid of The X-Files, Altered States, and The Twilight Zone.\nThe series format combines elements from procedural dramas as well as those found in serials. The series began as a more traditional \"mystery of the week\" series, and became more serialized in later seasons. A majority of episodes contain a standalone plot, with several episodes also exploring the series' overarching mythology.\nEarly critical reception of the first season was lukewarm but became more favorable in subsequent seasons, when the series began to explore its mythology, including parallel universes and alternate timelines. The show, as well as the cast and crew, has been nominated for many major awards. Despite its move to the \"Friday night death slot\" and low ratings, the series has received a cult following. It has also spawned two six-part comic book series, an alternate reality game, and three novels.
/m/026v1z	TV Asahi Corporation, also known as EX and Tele-Asa, is a Japanese television network headquartered in Roppongi, Minato, Tokyo, Japan. The company writes its name in lower-case letters, tv asahi, in its logo and public-image materials. The company also owns All-Nippon News Network.
/m/0k5px	Yankee Doodle Dandy is a 1942 American biographical musical film about George M. Cohan, known as \"The Man Who Owned Broadway\". It stars James Cagney, Joan Leslie, Walter Huston, and Richard Whorf, and features Irene Manning, George Tobias, Rosemary DeCamp and Jeanne Cagney.\nThe movie was written by Robert Buckner and Edmund Joseph, and directed by Michael Curtiz. According to the special edition DVD, significant and uncredited improvements were made to the script by the famous \"script doctors,\" twin brothers Julius J. Epstein and Philip G. Epstein.
/m/030b93	Christine Ann Lahti is an American actress and film director. Throughout her career, she has garnered 2 Golden Globe Awards from 8 nominations, an Emmy Award from 6 nominations and an Academy Award from 2 nominations. Her first Academy Award nomination was for Best Supporting Actress for her work in the 1984 film Swing Shift. Her second nomination was for her work as a director when she won the Academy Award for Short Film, Live Action for her 1995 film Lieberman in Love.
/m/08ff1k	Walter Wanger was an American film producer active in filmmaking from the 1910s to the turbulent production of Cleopatra in 1963. Wanger developed a reputation as an intellectual and a socially conscious movie executive who produced provocative message movies and glittering romantic melodramas. Wanger was strongly influenced by European films, and made many productions geared towards international markets.\nHis career began at Paramount Pictures in the 1920s and led him to work at virtually every major studio as either a contract producer or an independent. Wanger served as president of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences from 1939 to October 1941 and from December 1941 to 1945.
/m/01t0dy	Queens College, located in Kew Gardens Hills in the borough of Queens in New York City, is one of the senior colleges of the City University of New York. It is also the fifth oldest of the City University's twenty-three institutions of higher learning. The college's seventy seven acre campus is located in the heart of the borough, along Kissena Boulevard. Queens College opened in 1937 and has become one of CUNY's largest senior colleges.\nThe College is one of few schools in the CUNY system to offer on campus residence to its students. This option became available in 2009 with the construction of the \"The Summit at Queens College\". The residence hall has attracted students from around the world, especially aspiring artists looking to attend the internationally renowned Aaron Copland School of Music.\nQueens College is a part of the City University of New York, the third largest university system in the United States, in terms of enrollment. CUNY graduates include 12 Nobel laureates, a U.S. Secretary of State, a Supreme Court Justice, several mayors, members of Congress, state legislators, scientists and artists.
/m/0q9zc	Lawrence Gene \"Larry\" David is an American actor, writer, comedian, and television producer. He was the co-creator, with Jerry Seinfeld, of the television series Seinfeld, and was its head writer and executive producer from 1989 to 1996. David has subsequently gained further recognition for the HBO series Curb Your Enthusiasm, also created by David, in which he stars as a semi-fictionalized version of himself.\nDavid's work won him a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Comedy Series in 1993. Formerly a standup comedian, David went into television comedy, writing and starring in ABC's Fridays, as well as writing briefly for Saturday Night Live. He has won two Primetime Emmy Awards as well as being voted by fellow comedians and comedy insiders as number 23 of the greatest comedy stars ever in a British poll to select The Comedian's Comedian.
/m/05v1sb	Lyle Reynolds Wheeler, was an Academy Award-winning American motion picture art director.\nWheeler studied at the University of Southern California, then worked as a magazine artist and industrial designer. In 1936 he was hired by David O. Selznick to work as a set designer for Selznick's motion picture production company. Wheeler proved to be a creative genius when it came to designing quality sets at reasonable costs and was very much in demand in the industry. By the end of World War II, Wheeler had joined Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation, where he remained as chief art director until the end of the 1950s.\nIn a career spanning forty years, Wheeler created sets for more than three hundred and fifty motion pictures, many of which are considered film classics. His credits include A Star is Born, A Tree Grows in Brooklyn, State Fair, The Dolly Sisters, Forever Amber, The Fan, The Pride of St. Louis, The Seven Year Itch, and Carousel. He was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Art Direction twenty-nine times, winning five. In 1951, he was nominated for four different films, three in 1952 and twice for two films in one year.
/m/02bqn1	The One Hundred Second United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, composed of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, DC from January 3, 1991, to January 3, 1993, during the last two years of the administration of U.S. President George H. W. Bush.\nThe apportionment of seats in this House of Representatives was based on the 1980 United States Census. Both chambers had a Democratic majority.
/m/0cnl09	Leslie David Baker is an American film and television actor. He is known for his portrayal of Stanley Hudson in The Office. He also had several small roles in Scrubs and appeared on That '70s Show as a janitor after a Ted Nugent concert and played an office worker in several of OfficeMax's \"Rubberband Man\" series of advertisements. He holds a B.S. in Psychology from Loyola University Chicago and a M.S. Human Services Administration from Spertus Institute for Jewish Learning and Leadership in Chicago. He taught special education, grades K-8, while working on his masters. He was reluctant to move to Hollywood, as he thought it important to first attain financial security. He once played a police officer and a customer in a stereo store in Malcolm in the Middle and a security guard in Action. His favorite episodes of The Office are \"Did I Stutter\" and \"Basketball\".\nIn November 2011, Baker released his debut single, \"2 Be Simple\", with an accompanying music video. Jen Chaney of The Washington Post wrote that the song is \"destined to be the party anthem at all your yuletide throwdowns,\" while Cameron Mathews of Spinner described the hook as \"infectious\" and the lyrics as \"totally [capturing] the daydreams of a middle-aged man in crisis.\"
/m/034rd	George Washington was the first President of the United States, the commander-in-chief of the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War, and one of the Founding Fathers of the United States. He presided over the convention that drafted the United States Constitution, which replaced the Articles of Confederation and which remains the supreme law of the land.\nWashington was elected President as the unanimous choice of the electors in 1788, and he served two terms in office. He oversaw the creation of a strong, well-financed national government that maintained neutrality in the wars raging in Europe, suppressed rebellion, and won acceptance among Americans of all types. His leadership style established many forms and rituals of government that have been used since, such as using a cabinet system and delivering an inaugural address. Further, the peaceful transition from his presidency to that of John Adams established a tradition that continues into the 21st century. Washington was hailed as \"father of his country\" even during his lifetime.\nWashington was born into the provincial gentry of Colonial Virginia; his wealthy planter family owned tobacco plantations and slaves. After both his father and older brother died when he was young, Washington became personally and professionally attached to the powerful William Fairfax, who promoted his career as a surveyor and soldier. Washington quickly became a senior officer in the colonial forces during the first stages of the French and Indian War. Chosen by the Second Continental Congress in 1775 to be commander-in-chief of the Continental Army in the American Revolution, Washington managed to force the British out of Boston in 1776, but was defeated and almost captured later that year when he lost New York City. After crossing the Delaware River in the dead of winter, he defeated the British in two battles, retook New Jersey and restored momentum to the Patriot cause.
/m/0166b	Bosnia and Herzegovina, sometimes called Bosnia-Herzegovina, abbreviated BiH, or simply Bosnia, is a country in Southeastern Europe. Its capital and largest city is Sarajevo with a population of 369,534 people and 515,012 inhabitants across the entire metropolitan area. Bordered by Croatia to the north, west and south, Serbia to the east, and Montenegro to the southeast, Bosnia and Herzegovina is almost landlocked, except for the 20 kilometres of coastline on the Adriatic Sea surrounding the city of Neum. In the central and eastern interior of the country the geography is mountainous, in the northwest it is moderately hilly, and the northeast is predominantly flatland. The inland is a geographically larger region and has a moderate continental climate, bookended by hot summers and cold and snowy winters. The southern tip of the country has a Mediterranean climate and plain topography.\nBosnia and Herzegovina is a region that traces permanent human settlement back to the Neolithic age, during and after which it was populated by several Illyrian and Celtic civilizations. Culturally, politically, and socially, the country has one of the richest histories in the region, having been first settled by the Slavic peoples that populate the area today from the 6th through to the 9th centuries AD. They then established the first independent banate in the region, known as the Banate of Bosnia, in the early 12th century upon the arrival and convergence of peoples that would eventually come to call themselves Dobri Bošnjani. This evolved into the Kingdom of Bosnia in the 14th century, after which it was annexed into the Ottoman Empire, under whose rule it would remain from the mid-15th to the late 19th centuries. The Ottomans brought Islam to the region, and altered much of the cultural and social outlook of the country. This was followed by annexation into the Austro-Hungarian Monarchy, which lasted up until World War I. In the interwar period, Bosnia was part of the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes and after World War II, the country was granted full republic status in a newly formed Yugoslav Federation. Following the dissolution of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, the country proclaimed independence in 1992, which was followed by the Bosnian War, lasting until late 1995.
/m/0c3p7	Glenn Close is an American film, television and stage actress. Throughout her long and varied career, she has been consistently acclaimed for her versatility and considered by many to be one of the greatest actresses of all time.\nClose began her professional stage career in 1974 in Love for Love, and was mostly a Broadway actress through the rest of the 1970s and early 1980s, appearing in both plays and musicals, including major productions such as Barnum in 1980. Her first film role was in The World According to Garp, which she followed up with supporting roles in The Big Chill, and The Natural; all three earned her nominations for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress. She would later receive nominations for the Academy Award for Best Actress for her performances in Fatal Attraction, Dangerous Liaisons, and Albert Nobbs. Since 2005, she has been known for her television roles in The Shield and her Emmy and Golden Globe winning role as Patty Hewes in the FX TV series Damages.\nClose is a six-time Academy Award nominee, tying the record for being the actress with the most nominations never to have won. In addition, her work has earned her three Tonys, an Obie, three Emmys, two Golden Globes, and a Screen Actors Guild Award. She has also been nominated three times for a Grammy Award and once for a BAFTA, amongst others.
/m/03x3l	The Isle of Wight, known to the ancient Romans as Vectis, is a county and the largest island of England, located in the English Channel, on average about 3 to 5 mi off the coast of Hampshire, separated from Great Britain by a strait called the Solent. It has the distinction of being England's smallest county during high tide, while Rutland is the smallest when Wight is at low tide. The island has several resorts which have been holiday destinations since Victorian times.\nIts history includes a brief status as an independent kingdom in the 15th century. Until 1995, like Jersey and Guernsey, the island had a Governor.\nHome to the poets Swinburne and Tennyson and to Queen Victoria, who built her much-loved summer residence and final home Osborne House at East Cowes, the island has a maritime and industrial tradition such as boat building, sail making, the manufacture of flying boats, the world's first hovercraft and the testing and development of Britain's space rockets. The Isle hosts annual festivals including the Isle of Wight International Jazz Festival, Bestival and the recently revived Isle of Wight Festival, which, in 1970, was the largest rock music event ever held. The island has well-conserved wildlife and some of the richest cliffs and quarries for dinosaur fossils in Europe.
/m/0694j	Quebec is a province in east-central Canada. It is the only Canadian province that has a predominantly French-speaking population, and the only one to have French as its sole provincial official language.\nQuebec is Canada's largest province by area and its second-largest administrative division; only the territory of Nunavut is larger. It is bordered to the west by the province of Ontario, James Bay and Hudson Bay, to the north by Hudson Strait and Ungava Bay, to the east by the Gulf of Saint Lawrence and the provinces of Newfoundland and Labrador and New Brunswick. It is bordered on the south by the US states of Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont, and New York. It also shares maritime borders with Nunavut, Prince Edward Island, and Nova Scotia.\nQuebec is Canada's second most populous province, after Ontario. Most inhabitants live in urban areas near the Saint Lawrence River between Montreal and Quebec City, the capital. English-speaking communities and English-language institutions are concentrated in the west of the island of Montreal but are also significantly present in the Outaouais, Eastern Townships, and Gaspé regions. The Nord-du-Québec region, occupying the northern half of the province, is sparsely populated and inhabited primarily by Aboriginal peoples.
/m/0f8l9c	France, officially the French Republic, is a sovereign country in Western Europe that includes overseas regions and territories. Metropolitan France extends from the Mediterranean Sea to the English Channel and the North Sea, and from the Rhine to the Atlantic Ocean. It is one of only three countries to have both Atlantic and Mediterranean coastlines. Due to its shape, it is often referred to in French as l’Hexagone.\nFrance is the largest country in Western Europe and the European Union, and the third-largest in Europe as a whole. With a total population of around 66 million, it is the third most-populous European country. France is a unitary semi-presidential republic with its capital in Paris, the nation's largest city and the main cultural and commercial centre. The current Constitution of France, adopted by referendum on 4 October 1958, establishes the country as secular and democratic, with its sovereignty derived from the people. The nation's ideals are expressed in the Declaration of the Rights of Man and of the Citizen, one of the world's earliest documents on human rights, which was formulated during the seminal French Revolution of the late 18th century.
/m/0419kt	Speed 2: Cruise Control is a 1997 American action thriller film, and a sequel to Speed. The film was produced and directed by Jan de Bont, and written by Randall McCormick and Jeff Nathanson, based on a story by de Bont and McCormick. Sandra Bullock stars in the film, reprising her role from Speed, while Jason Patric and Willem Dafoe co-star. The film was released by 20th Century Fox on June 13, 1997.\nThe plot involves couple Annie and Alex taking a vacation in the Caribbean aboard a luxury cruise ship, which is hijacked by a villain named Geiger who hacked into the ship's computer system. As they are trapped aboard the ship, Annie and Alex work with the ship's first officer to try to stop the ship, which they discover is programmed to cruise into an oil tanker.\nDe Bont came up with the idea for the film after he had a recurring nightmare about a cruise ship crashing into an island. Speed star Keanu Reeves was initially supposed to reprise his role for the sequel, but decided not to commit and was replaced by Patric prior to filming. Production took place aboard Seabourn Legend, the ship on which the film is set. The film's final scene, where the ship crashes into the island of Saint Martin, cost almost one quarter of the film's $110 million budget, and set records as the largest and most expensive stunt ever filmed. Many interior scenes aboard the ship were shot on soundstages in the Greater Los Angeles Area. The film's soundtrack featured mostly reggae music, and Mark Mancina composed the film score, which was released as an album 13 years after the film's release.
/m/05pzdk	Tim Carvell is an American writer known for this work for the TV comedy series The Daily Show with Jon Stewart and for his print work in publications such as Mad and The New York Times.
/m/0l39b	Provo is the third-largest city in the U.S. state of Utah, located about 43 miles south of Salt Lake City along the Wasatch Front. Provo is the county seat of Utah County and is the largest city in Utah County. It lies between the cities of Orem to the north and Springville to the south. With a population at the 2010 census of 112,488, Provo is the principal city in the Provo-Orem metropolitan area, which had a population of 526,810 residents at the 2010 census. It is the third-largest metro area in the state behind Salt Lake City and Ogden-Clearfield.\nThe city is home to Brigham Young University, a private higher education institution in the United States, which is operated by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Provo is also home to the largest Missionary Training Center for the LDS Church. The city is a key operational center for Novell and has been a focus area for technology development in Utah. The city is also home to the Peaks Ice Arena, which served as a venue for the Salt Lake City Winter Olympics in 2002. Sundance Resort is located 13 miles northeast at Provo Canyon.\nIn 2009, Provo was listed in Where to Retire magazine as an \"enticing city for new careers.\" Provo was also listed in National Geographic Adventure magazine's \"where to live and play\" as a cultural hub. In 2010, Forbes rated Provo one of the top 10 places to raise a family. Additionally, in 2013, Forbes ranked Provo the No. 2 city on its list of Best Places for Business and Careers.
/m/04gtq43	Wilma Valle Galvante is the current head of TV5's entertainment division and former GMA Network's senior vice president for entertainment; she is also a producer of many TV shows.\nAs the chief of the GMA Network's entertainment block, she experimented with dramas, light-hearted shows and hired good writers. She revived the love team tandem popularized in the 1970s, resurrected local comics titles and introduced fantasy series on prime time such as Mulawin. Through her initiative, the network brought the rights to a number of local comics titles such as Darna and Captain Barbel. By the last quarter of 2003, GMA’s primetime shows led over the rival network’s.
/m/03lgg	Henry Rollins is an American musician, writer, journalist, publisher, actor, radio host, spoken word artist, and activist. He is now hosting a radio show and doing speaking tours.\nAfter performing for the short-lived Washington D.C.-based band State of Alert in 1980, Rollins fronted the California hardcore punk band Black Flag from August 1981 until mid-1986. Following the band's breakup, Rollins established the record label and publishing company 2.13.61 to release his spoken word albums, as well as forming the Rollins Band, which toured with a number of lineups from 1987 until 2003, and during 2006.\nSince Black Flag disbanded, Rollins has hosted numerous radio shows, such as Harmony in My Head on Indie 103, and television shows such as The Henry Rollins Show, MTV's 120 Minutes, and Jackass. He had a recurring dramatic role in the second season of Sons of Anarchy and has also had roles in several films. Rollins has also campaigned for various political causes in the United States, including promoting LGBT rights, World Hunger Relief, and an end to war in particular.
/m/09b3v	The Walt Disney Company, commonly known as Disney, is an American diversified multinational mass media corporation headquartered in Walt Disney Studios, Burbank, California. It is the largest media conglomerate in the world in terms of revenue. Disney was founded on October 16, 1923, by Walt and Roy Disney as the Disney Brothers Cartoon Studio, and established itself as a leader in the American animation industry before diversifying into live-action film production, television, and travel. Taking on its current name in 1986, it expanded its existing operations and also started divisions focused upon theater, radio, music, publishing, and online media. In addition, Disney has created new divisions of the company in order to market more mature content than it typically associates with its flagship family-oriented brands.\nThe company is best known for the products of its film studio, the Walt Disney Studios, and today one of the largest and best-known studios in Hollywood. Disney also owns and operates the ABC broadcast television network; cable television networks such as Disney Channel, ESPN, A+E Networks, and ABC Family; publishing, merchandising, and theatre divisions; and owns and licenses 14 theme parks around the world. It also has a successful music division. The company has been a component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average since May 6, 1991. An early and well-known cartoon creation of the company, Mickey Mouse, is a primary symbol of The Walt Disney Company.
/m/03k7bd	Harold Rowe \"Hal\" Holbrook, Jr. is an American actor. His television roles include Abraham Lincoln in the 1976 TV series Lincoln, Hays Stowe on The Bold Ones: The Senator and Capt. Lloyd Bucher on Pueblo. He is also known for his role in the 2007 film Into the Wild, for which he was nominated for a Screen Actors Guild Award and an Academy Award. He has also performed a one-man show as Mark Twain since 1954.
/m/0b1zz	Nirvana was an American rock band formed by singer/guitarist Kurt Cobain and bassist Krist Novoselic in Aberdeen, Washington in 1987. Nirvana went through a succession of drummers, the longest-lasting being Dave Grohl, who joined the band in 1990. Despite releasing only three full-length studio albums in their seven-year career, Nirvana has come to be regarded as one of the most influential and important rock bands of the modern era.\nIn the late 1980s Nirvana established itself as part of the Seattle grunge scene, releasing its first album Bleach for the independent record label Sub Pop in 1989. The band eventually came to develop a sound that relied on dynamic contrasts, often between quiet verses and loud, heavy choruses. After signing to major label DGC Records, Nirvana found unexpected success with \"Smells Like Teen Spirit\", the first single from the band's second album Nevermind. Nirvana's sudden success widely popularized alternative rock as a whole, and the band's frontman Cobain found himself referred to in the media as the \"spokesman of a generation\", with Nirvana being considered the \"flagship band\" of Generation X. Nirvana's third and final studio album, In Utero, featured an abrasive, less-mainstream sound and challenged the group's audience. The album did not match the sales figures of Nevermind but was still a critical and commercial success. Nirvana's brief run ended following the death of Kurt Cobain in 1994, but various posthumous releases have been issued since, overseen by Novoselic, Grohl, and Cobain's widow Courtney Love.
/m/03hfxx	Mehmood Ali, popularly known simply as Mehmood, was an Indian actor, director and producer best known for playing comic roles in Hindi films. During his career of more than four decades, he worked in over 300 Hindi films.
/m/0ngy8	Washington County is a county established in 1849 in the U.S. state of Minnesota. As of the 2010 census, the population was 238,136. Its county seat is Stillwater.
/m/080ntlp	A diplomat is a person appointed by a state to conduct diplomacy with another state or international organization. The main functions of diplomats revolve around the representation and protection of the interests and nationals of the sending state, as well as the promotion of information and friendly relations.\nDiplomats are the oldest form of any of the foreign policy institutions of the state, predating by centuries foreign ministers and ministerial offices.
/m/0153nq	Dio was an American heavy metal band formed in 1982 and led by vocalist Ronnie James Dio, after he left Black Sabbath with intentions to form a new band with fellow former Black Sabbath member, drummer Vinny Appice. The name Dio was chosen because it made sense from a commercial standpoint, as the name was already well-known at that time. Dio means \"God\" in Italian.\nThe band released ten studio albums and had numerous line-up changes over the years with Ronnie James Dio having been the only constant member. Guitarists have included Craig Goldy, Doug Aldrich, Vivian Campbell, Tracy G, Jake E. Lee and Rowan Robertson.\nThe band dissolved in 2010 when Ronnie James Dio died of stomach cancer at the age of 67. The band has sold more than 10 million copies of albums worldwide.
/m/04093	Jules Gabriel Verne was a French novelist, poet, and playwright best known for his adventure novels and his profound influence on the literary genre of science fiction.\nBorn to bourgeois parents in the seaport of Nantes, Verne was trained to follow in his father's footsteps as a lawyer, but quit the profession early in life to write for magazines and the stage. His collaboration with the publisher Pierre-Jules Hetzel led to the creation of the Voyages Extraordinaires, a widely popular series of scrupulously researched adventure novels including Journey to the Center of the Earth, Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea, and Around the World in Eighty Days.\nVerne is generally considered a major literary author in France and most of Europe, where he has had a wide influence on the literary avant-garde and on surrealism. His reputation is markedly different in Anglophone regions, where he has often been labeled a writer of genre fiction or children's books, not least because of the highly abridged and altered translations in which his novels are often reprinted.\nVerne is the second most-translated author in the world since 1979, between the English-language writers Agatha Christie and William Shakespeare, and probably was the most-translated during the 1960s and 1970s. He is one of the authors sometimes called \"The Father of Science Fiction\", as are H. G. Wells and Hugo Gernsback.
/m/01vxlbm	Kelis Rogers, better known mononymously as Kelis, is an American singer-songwriter and certified chef. She has won Brit Awards, Q Awards, and NME Awards, and was nominated for two Grammy Awards. Outside her native United States, she had 10 top ten singles in the United Kingdom alone. Kelis appeared on Moby's Area One Tour, supported U2 on the European leg of their Elevation Tour, Britney Spears' The Onyx Hotel Tour and headlined her own All Hearts Tour with Robyn.
/m/02029f	Wigan Athletic Football Club is an English professional football club based in Wigan, Greater Manchester, who compete in the Football League Championship, the second tier of English football. Founded in 1932, the club is the most recently formed club in the division.\nThey have played at the DW Stadium since 1999, sharing the stadium with rugby league club Wigan Warriors. They previously played at Springfield Park for 67 years. The club's nickname is Latics, derived from a contraction of the word \"Athletic\". They are the current holders of the FA Cup. They have also won the Second Division, Third Division and are two-times winners of the Football League Trophy, along with numerous regional football competitions from their time as a non-league club. The club embarked on its first European campaign during the 2013–14 season in the UEFA Europa League group stages.
/m/026sb55	Alan Hume, B.S.C. was an English cinematographer.
/m/071pf2	Scott Douglas McDonald is an Australian footballer who plays as a striker for English Championship side Millwall and the Australia national team.
/m/09qr6	Robert Peter \"Robbie\" Williams is an English singer-songwriter, and occasional actor. He is a member of the pop group Take That, but has found greater commercial success as a solo artist.\nWilliams rose to fame in the band's first run in the early- to mid-1990s. After many disagreements with the management and group members, Williams left the group in 1995 to launch a hugely successful solo career, which saw his first seven albums each reach number one in the UK. Williams also released seven number-one singles and found similar success across Europe. On 15 July 2010, it was announced he had rejoined Take That. The group's subsequent album became the second fastest-selling album in UK chart history and the fastest-selling record of the century so far. He continues to perform both as a member of Take That and as a solo artist.\nWilliams has sold over 70 million records worldwide, which ranks him among the best-selling music artists worldwide. He is the best-selling British solo artist in the United Kingdom and the best selling non-Latino artist in Latin America. Six of his albums are among the top 100 biggest-selling albums in the United Kingdom, and in 2006 he entered the Guinness Book of World Records for selling 1.6 million tickets of his Close Encounters Tour in a single day. He has also been honoured with seventeen BRIT Awards—more than any other artist—and eight ECHO Awards. In 2004, he was inducted into the UK Music Hall of Fame after being voted as the \"Greatest Artist of the 1990s.\" Williams is married to actress Ayda Field. He has a net worth of £105.2 million.
/m/0179qv	The Town of Huntington is one of ten towns in Suffolk County, New York, United States. Founded in 1653, it is located on the north shore of Long Island in northwestern Suffolk County, with Long Island Sound to its north and Nassau County adjacent to the west. Huntington is part of the New York metropolitan area. As of the United States 2010 Census, the town population was 203,264.
/m/02yw0y	Neoclassical metal is a subgenre of heavy metal that is heavily influenced by classical music and usually features very technical playing, consisting of elements borrowed from both classical and heavy metal music. Deep Purple pioneered the sub-genre with the famous Concerto for Group and Orchestra composed by Jon Lord. Later, Yngwie Malmsteen became the most notable musician in the sub-genre, and contributed greatly to the development of the style in the 1980s. Other notable players in the genre are Jason Becker, Tony MacAlpine, Vinnie Moore, and Timo Tolkki.
/m/06q2q	A scientist, in a broad sense, is one engaging in a systematic activity to acquire knowledge. In a more restricted sense, a scientist is an individual who uses the scientific method. The person may be an expert in one or more areas of science. This article focuses on the more restricted use of the word. Scientists perform research toward a more comprehensive understanding of nature, including physical, mathematical and social realms.\nPhilosophy can be seen as a distinct activity, which is aimed towards a more comprehensive understanding of intangible aspects of reality and experience that cannot be physically measured.\nScientists are also distinct from engineers, those who design, build and maintain devices for particular situations. When science is done with a goal toward practical utility, it is called applied science. An applied scientist may not be designing something in particular, but rather is conducting research with the aim of developing new technologies and practical methods. When science is done with an inclusion of intangible aspects of reality it is called natural philosophy.
/m/06gg5c	Laxmikant–Pyarelal were a popular Indian composer duo, consisting of Laxmikant Shantaram Kudalkar and Pyarelal Ramprasad Sharma. They composed music for about 635 Hindi movies from 1963 to 1998, working for almost all notable filmmakers including Raj Kapoor, Dev Anand, B.R. Chopra, Shakti Samanta, Manmohan Desai, Yash Chopra, Subhash Ghai and Manoj Kumar.
/m/02fv3t	The Grammy Award for Best Historical Album has been presented since 1979. During this time the award had several minor name changes:\nIn 1979 the award was known as Best Historical Repackage Album\nIn 1980 it was awarded as Best Historical Reissue\nIn 1981 it was awarded as Best Historical Reissue Album\nFrom 1982 to the present it has been awarded as Best Historical Album\nYears reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were presented, for works released in the previous year. The award is presented to producers and engineers, not to the artists or performers, except if an artist is also a producer or engineer.
/m/09m6kg	A Beautiful Mind is a 2001 American biographical drama film based on the life of John Nash, a Nobel Laureate in Economics. The film was directed by Ron Howard, from a screenplay written by Akiva Goldsman. It was inspired by a bestselling, Pulitzer Prize-nominated 1998 book of the same name by Sylvia Nasar. The film stars Russell Crowe, along with Ed Harris, Jennifer Connelly, Paul Bettany, Adam Goldberg, Judd Hirsch, Josh Lucas, Anthony Rapp, and Christopher Plummer in supporting roles. The story begins in the early years of a young prodigy named John Nash. Early in the film, Nash begins to develop paranoid schizophrenia and endures delusional episodes while painfully watching the loss and burden his condition brings on his wife and friends.\nThe film opened in the United States cinemas on December 21, 2001. It went to gross over $313 million worldwide and to win four Academy Awards, for Best Picture, Best Director, Best Adapted Screenplay and Best Supporting Actress. It was also nominated for Best Actor, Best Film Editing, Best Makeup, and Best Original Score.\nIt was well received by critics, but has been criticized for its inaccurate portrayal of some aspects of Nash's life, especially his other family and a son born out of wedlock. However, the filmmakers have stated that the film was not meant to be a literal representation.
/m/0j13b	Tranmere Rovers Football Club are an English professional association football club founded in 1884, and based in Birkenhead, Wirral. Originally known as Belmont Football Club, they adopted their current name in 1885. They were a founder member of Division Three North in 1921, and have remained a member of the Football League since. They currently play in League One, the third tier of the English football league system, and have spent much of their history in the shadow of Merseyside rivals Everton and Liverpool, who have won 27 league titles between them. Their current manager is Ronnie Moore.\nDuring the 1980s, they were beset by financial problems and, in 1987, went into administration. However, this was a prelude to the most successful period in Tranmere's history; under manager John King, the team reached the play-offs for promotion to the Premier League in three successive seasons. Under King's successor, John Aldridge, Tranmere experienced a number of cup runs, most notably reaching the 2000 Football League Cup Final. Other cup runs include reaching FA Cup quarter-finals in 2000, 2001 and 2004.\nTranmere's regular kit is an all-white strip with blue trim, their main colours since 1962. The club moved to its current home, Prenton Park, in 1912. In 1995, the ground had a major redevelopment in response to the Taylor Report. It now seats 16,567 in four stands: the Main Stand, the Kop, the Johnny King stand and the Cowshed.
/m/03f4xvm	Dante Terrell Smith, better known by the stage names Mos Def and Yasiin Bey, is an American actor and hip hop recording artist from Brooklyn, New York City, New York. He started his hip hop career in a group called Urban Thermo Dynamics, after which he appeared on albums by Da Bush Babees and De La Soul. With Talib Kweli, he formed the duo Black Star, which released the album Black Star in 1998. He was a major force in late 1990s underground hip hop while with Rawkus Records. As a solo artist he has released the albums Black on Both Sides in 1999, The New Danger in 2004, True Magic in 2006, and The Ecstatic in 2009.\nSince the early 2000s, Mos Def has become an actor with roles in films Something the Lord Made, Next Day Air, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, Be Kind Rewind, The Italian Job, and his portrayal of Brother Sam in the American drama series Dexter. Mos Def has also been active in several social and political causes.
/m/03qd_	Harry Julius Shearer is an American actor, comedian, writer, voice artist, musician, author, radio host and director. He is known for his long-running roles on The Simpsons, his work on Saturday Night Live, the comedy band Spinal Tap and his radio program Le Show. Born in Los Angeles, California, Shearer began his career as a child actor, appearing in The Jack Benny Program, as well as the 1953 films Abbott and Costello Go to Mars and The Robe. In 1957, Shearer played the precursor to the Eddie Haskell character in the pilot episode for the television series Leave It to Beaver, but his parents decided not to let him continue in the role so that he could have a normal childhood.\nFrom 1969 to 1976, Shearer was a member of The Credibility Gap, a radio comedy group. Following the breakup of the group, Shearer co-wrote the film Real Life with Albert Brooks and started writing for Martin Mull's television series Fernwood 2 Night. In August 1979, Shearer was hired as a writer and cast member on Saturday Night Live. Shearer describes his experience on the show as a \"living hell\" and he did not get along well with the other writers and cast members. He left the show in 1980. Shearer co-created, co-wrote and co-starred in the 1984 film This Is Spinal Tap, a satirical rockumentary about a band called Spinal Tap. Shearer portrayed Derek Smalls, the bassist, and Michael McKean and Christopher Guest played the other two members. The film became a cult hit and the band has since released several albums and played several concerts. While promoting the film, Shearer was offered the chance to return to Saturday Night Live. He accepted, but left the show for good in January 1985, just three months into the season. Since 1983, Shearer has been the host of the public radio comedy/music program Le Show on Santa Monica's NPR-affiliated radio station, KCRW. The program, a hodgepodge of satirical news commentary, music, and sketch comedy, is carried on many public radio stations throughout the United States.
/m/0ccvd	County Donegal is a county in Ireland. It is part of the Border Region and is in the province of Ulster. It is named after the town of Donegal in the south of the county. Donegal County Council is the local authority for the county and Lifford serves as the county town. The population of the county was 161,137 according to the 2011 census. It has also been known as Tyrconnell, after the historic territory of the same name.
/m/0g26h	The administration of a business includes the performance or management of business operations and decision making as well as the efficient organization of people and other resources to direct activities toward common goals and objectives.\nThe word is derived from the Middle English word business administration ', which came from the French administration, itself derived from the Latin administratio — a compounding of ad and ministrare.\nAdministrator is occasionally the title of the general manager or company secretary who reports to a corporate board of directors. This usage is archaic. In general, administration refers to the broader management function, including the associated finance, personnel and MIS services and people to help.\nIn some organizational analyses, management is viewed as a subset of administration, specifically associated with the technical and operational aspects of an organization, distinct from executive or strategic functions. Alternatively, administration can refer to the bureaucratic or operational performance of routine office tasks, usually internally oriented and reactive rather than proactive. Administrators, broadly speaking, engage in a common set of functions to meet the organization's goals. These \"functions\" of the administrator were described by Henri Fayol as \"the six elements of administration\".
/m/016yxn	Reversal of Fortune is a 1990 film adapted from the 1985 book Reversal of Fortune: Inside the von Bülow Case, written by law professor Alan Dershowitz. It recounts the true story of the unexplained coma of socialite Sunny von Bülow, the subsequent attempted murder trial, and the eventual acquittal of her husband, Claus von Bülow, who had Dershowitz acting as his defense. The film stars Jeremy Irons as Claus, Glenn Close as Sunny, and Ron Silver as Dershowitz.
/m/0n2vl	Ashtabula County is the northeasternmost county in the state of Ohio. According to the 2010 census, it has a population of 101,497, which is a decrease of 1.2% from 102,728 in 2000. The county seat is Jefferson. The county is named for a Native American word meaning \"river of many fish\".\nThe county is probably best known for having seventeen covered bridges within the county limits. Grapes are a popular crop and there are several wineries in the region owing to the favorable microclimate created by the nearby lake. During the winter, Ashtabula County and neighboring Geauga and Lake Counties receives frequent lake effect snow and is part of the Southeastern Lake Erie Snowbelt.\nThe Ashtabula Micropolitan Statistical Area includes all of Ashtabula County.
/m/0r2kh	Newport Beach, incorporated in 1906, is an affluent city in Orange County, California, 10 miles south of downtown Santa Ana. The population was 85,287 at the 2010 census. Newport Beach is also home to Newport Harbor.\nThe city's median family income and property values consistently place high in national rankings. The Daily Pilot, a newspaper published in the neighboring city of Costa Mesa but which serves the greater Newport-Mesa community, reported in 2010 that more than a quarter of households have an income greater than $200,000, and the median value for homes exceeds $1 million.
/m/02z1yj	Ellen Rona Barkin is an American actress, known for her roles in the films The Big Easy, Sea of Love and Switch. She won an Emmy Award in 1997, for Before Women Had Wings and a Tony Award in 2011, for The Normal Heart.
/m/01fvhp	The Swedish Empire, refers to the Kingdom of Sweden's territorial control of much of the Baltic region during the 17th and early 18th centuries, a time when Sweden was one of the great European powers. The beginning of the Empire is usually taken as the reign of Gustavus Adolphus, who ascended the throne in 1611, and the end as the loss of territories in 1721 following the Great Northern War. In Swedish history, the period is referred to as Stormaktstiden, literally meaning \"the Great power-era\".\nAfter the death of Gustavus Adolphus in 1632, the empire was, over lengthy periods, controlled by part of the high nobility, most prominently the Oxenstierna family, acting as tutors for minor regents. The interests of the high nobility contrasted with the uniformity policy, i.e., the upholding of the traditional equality in status of the Swedish estates favoured by the kings and peasantry. In territories acquired during the periods of de facto noble rule, serfdom was not abolished, and there was also a trend to set up respective estates in Sweden proper. The Great Reduction of 1680 put an end to these efforts of the nobility and required them to return estates once gained from the crown to the king. Serfdom, however, remained in force in the dominions acquired in the Holy Roman Empire and in Swedish Estonia, where a consequent application of the uniformity policy was hindered by the treaties by which they were gained.
/m/0rrwt	Sarasota is a city located in Sarasota County on the southwestern coast of the U.S. state of Florida. The area is renowned for its cultural and environmental amenities, beaches, resorts, connections to the Ringling family, and its 'school' of architecture. It is south of the Tampa Bay Area and north of Fort Myers. Its current official limits include Sarasota Bay and several barrier islands between the bay and the Gulf of Mexico. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, in 2012 Sarasota had a population of 52,211. In 1986 it became designated as a certified local government. Sarasota is a principal city of the Bradenton-Sarasota-Venice, Florida Metropolitan Statistical Area, and is the seat of Sarasota County.\nIt is among the communities included in a two-county federally mandated Metropolitan Planning Organization that includes all of Sarasota and Manatee counties and the chairs of the three elements of that organization belong to the eight-county regional planning organization for western central Florida.\nThe islands separating Sarasota Bay from the gulf near the city, known as keys, include Lido Key and Siesta Key, which are famous worldwide for the quality of their sandy beaches. The keys that are included in the boundary of Sarasota are Lido Key, St. Armands Key, Otter Key, Coon Key, Bird Key, and portions of Siesta Key. Previously, Siesta Key was named Sarasota Key. At one time, it and all of Longboat Key were considered part of Sarasota and confusing contemporaneous references may be found discussing them.
/m/0fhmy	Innsbruck is the capital city of the federal state of Tyrol in western Austria. It is located in the Inn Valley at the junction with the Wipptal, which provides access to the Brenner Pass, some 30 km south of Innsbruck. It is about half way between Munich and Verona. Located in the broad valley between high mountains, the Nordkette in the north, Patscherkofel and Serles in the south. It is an internationally renowned winter sports centre, and hosted the 1964 and 1976 Winter Olympics as well as the 1984 and 1988 Winter Paralympics. Innsbruck hosted the first Winter Youth Olympics in 2012. The word bruck comes from the same root as the modern German word \"Brücke\" meaning \"bridge\" which leads to \"the bridge over the Inn\".
/m/0fsd9t	Mansfield Park is a 1999 British romantic comedy-drama film loosely based on Jane Austen's novel of the same name, written and directed by Patricia Rozema. The film differs sharply from the original novel in many respects. For example, the life of Jane Austen is incorporated into the film and the issues of slavery and plantations as well. The majority of the film was made at Kirby Hall in Northamptonshire.
/m/01lrrt	A melodrama is a dramatic work that puts characters in a lot of danger in order to appeal to the emotions. Language, behaviour, or events which resemble melodramas are also called melodramatic. Melodrama is based around having the same character in every scene, often a hero, damsel in distress, a villain. In scholarly and historical musical contexts melodramas are dramas of the 18th and 19th centuries in which orchestral music or song was used to accompany the action.\nMelodrama is a style of drama that has been applied on the stage, in movies and television, and radio formats, from the 18th century to the present. Because of the long timeframe in which the style has existed, it is difficult to derive a precise definition. The term melodrama is most often used pejoratively, to suggest that the work the term is applied to lacks sophistication or subtlety.\nThe term originated from the early 19th-century French word mélodrame, which is derived from Greek melos, music, and French drame, drama.
/m/01w5n51	MGMT is an American rock band founded by Benjamin Goldwasser and Andrew VanWyngarden. After the release of their first album, the members of their live band, Matthew Asti, James Richardson and Will Berman, joined the core band in the studio. Formed at Wesleyan University and originally with Cantora Records, they signed with Columbia Records and Red Ink in 2006.\nOn October 5, 2007, Spin.com named MGMT \"Artist of the Day.\" On November 14, 2007, Rolling Stone pegged MGMT as a top ten \"Artist to Watch\" in 2008. The band was named ninth in the BBC's Sound of 2008 Top Ten Poll. They were also named as Last.fm's most played new artist of 2008 in their Best of 2008 list.\nMGMT's first album, Oracular Spectacular, debuted at No. 12 on the UK album chart, No. 13 after 34 weeks in the New Zealand RIANZ charts, number six on the Australian ARIA Charts, and hit number one on the Billboard Top Heatseekers chart. It has also been named the 18th best album of the decade by Rolling Stone magazine. It was named the best album of 2008 by NME. MGMT also appeared prominently in Australia's Triple J Hottest 100 2008, coming in 2nd with \"Electric Feel\", 5th with \"Kids\" and 18th with \"Time to Pretend\". MGMT was nominated for the 2010 Grammy Award for Best New Artist, and their track \"Kids\" was nominated for Best Pop Performance By a Duo or Group with Vocals. These are the first Grammy nominations for the band. At the 2009 Grammy Awards, the Justice remix of \"Electric Feel\" won the Grammy Award for Best Remixed Recording, Non-Classical. Their second album, Congratulations, was released on April 13, 2010. In January 2011 they began work on their third album, MGMT. It was released on September 17, 2013, and was released as an early exclusive on the Rdio music service on September 9, 2013.
/m/02sp_v	The Grammy Award for Best Music Film is an accolade presented at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally named the Gramophone Awards, to performers, directors, and producers of quality videos or musical programs. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position\".\nThe category was preceded by the Grammy Award for Video of the Year, which was presented in 1982 and 1983, awarding long form videos in the budding music video market. The category was discontinued after 1983.\nThe Best Music Film category is for concert/performance films or music documentaries. Music-related documentaries must have 51 percent or more music performance-based material. Also eligible are general release theatrical, non-fictional music-related films with 51 percent or more music performance-based material.\nThe Best Music Film category is one of two categories in the Best Music Video/Film Field. The other one is Best Music Video, which recognises stand-alone videos of one song or performance.
/m/05tjm3	Norman Rae Taurog was an American film director and screenwriter. From 1920 to 1968, Taurog directed 180 films. At the age of 32, he received the Academy Award for Best Director for Skippy, the youngest person to win the award. He was later nominated for Best Director for the film Boys Town. He directed some of the best known actors of the twentieth century, including Jackie Cooper, Spencer Tracy, Mickey Rooney, Judy Garland, Deanna Durbin, Fred Astaire, Gene Kelly, Deborah Kerr, Dean Martin, Jerry Lewis, and Elvis Presley. Taurog directed six Martin and Lewis films, and nine Elvis Presley films, more than any other director. For his contribution to the motion picture industry, Norman Taurog has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 1600 Vine Street.
/m/071ynp	Shirley Henderson is a Scottish actress. She is perhaps best known for her roles as Gail in Trainspotting, Jude in Bridget Jones's Diary and Moaning Myrtle in Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets and Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire.
/m/05v38p	Chocolat is a 2000 American-British romance film based on the novel of the same name by Joanne Harris, and was directed by Lasse Hallström. Adapted by screenwriter Robert Nelson Jacobs, Chocolat tells the story of a young mother, played by Juliette Binoche, who arrives at the fictional, repressed French village of Lansquenet-sous-Tannes with her six-year-old daughter and opens La Chocolaterie Maya, a small chocolaterie. Her chocolate quickly begins to change the lives of the townspeople.\nThe film was shot in the village of Flavigny-sur-Ozerain in Burgundy, France, and on the Rue De L'ancienne Poste in Beynac-et-Cazenac on the Dordogne River in Dordogne, France. The river scenes were filmed at Fonthill Lake at Fonthill Bishop in Wiltshire, England and interior scenes at Shepperton Studios, Surrey, England.\nThe film was nominated for five Academy Awards, including Best Picture. It was also nominated for eight BAFTAs, and four Golden Globes. Judi Dench won a Screen Actors Guild Award for her performance in the film.
/m/0vm4s	Royal Oak is a city in Oakland County of the U.S. state of Michigan. It is a suburb of Detroit. As of the 2010 census, the city had a population of 57,236. It is the 8th-largest municipality in Oakland County and the 27th largest municipality in Michigan by population.
/m/057n_g	Royal Antwerp Football Club, often simply referred to as Antwerp, is a Belgian football club based in the city of Antwerp.\nAntwerp is regarded as the oldest club in Belgium, approximately founded in 1880 by English students residing in Antwerp as Antwerp Athletic Club, 15 years prior to the creation of the Royal Belgian Football Association. At first there was no organised football played by its members, until 1887 when the football division was founded with an own board, named Antwerp Football Club. As it was the oldest club still playing it was subsequently the first football club to register to the Association in 1895 and they consequently received the matriculate number one, when matriculation numbers were introduced in 1926.
/m/0fg04	Sleepy Hollow is a 1999 American-German horror film directed by Tim Burton. It is a film adaptation loosely inspired by the 1820 short story \"The Legend of Sleepy Hollow\" by Washington Irving and stars Johnny Depp and Christina Ricci, with Miranda Richardson, Michael Gambon, Casper Van Dien, and Jeffrey Jones in supporting roles. The plot follows police constable Ichabod Crane sent from New York City to investigate a series of murders in the village of Sleepy Hollow by a mysterious Headless Horseman.\nIt is the first film by Mandalay Pictures. Development began in 1993 at Paramount Pictures with Kevin Yagher originally set to direct Andrew Kevin Walker's script as a low-budget slasher film. Disagreements with Paramount resulted in Yagher being demoted to prosthetic makeup designer, and Burton was hired to direct in June 1998. Filming took place from November 1998 to May 1999, and Sleepy Hollow was released to generally favorable reviews from critics, and grossed approximately $207 million worldwide. Production designer Rick Heinrichs and set decorator Peter Young won the Academy Award for Best Art Direction. Though the film's screenplay is credited to Andrew Kevin Walker, the majority of it was actually ghostwritten by Tom Stoppard.
/m/01w806h	Brian Joseph Burton, better known by his stage name Danger Mouse, is an American musician, songwriter and producer. He came to prominence in 2004 when he released The Grey Album, which combined vocal performances from Jay-Z's The Black Album with instrumentals from the Beatles' White Album.\nHe formed Gnarls Barkley with Cee Lo Green and produced its albums St. Elsewhere and The Odd Couple. He produced the second Gorillaz album, 2005's Demon Days, as well as Beck's 2008 record Modern Guilt and the album Attack & Release with The Black Keys in 2008. He has been nominated for a Grammy Award in the Producer of the Year category five times, and won the award in 2011. In addition, Burton worked with rapper MF Doom as Danger Doom and released the album The Mouse and the Mask. Danger Mouse most recently produced and co-wrote albums by The Black Keys, Norah Jones, Electric Guest, and Portugal. The Man.\nIn 2006, Danger Mouse gave a rare interview to Charlie Rose on August 31, 2006.\nIn 2009 he collaborated with James Mercer of the indie rock band The Shins to form the band Broken Bells. The group's first album was released on March 9, 2010.
/m/06py2	Sun Microsystems Inc., (NASDAQ: JAVA) provides network computing infrastructure solutions that include computer systems, software, storage, and services. Its core brands include the Java technology platform, the Solaris operating system, StorageTek and the UltraSPARC processor.
/m/087vnr5	The Other Guys is a 2010 action comedy film directed and co-written by Adam McKay, starring Will Ferrell and Mark Wahlberg, and featuring Dwayne Johnson, Samuel L. Jackson, Michael Keaton, Eva Mendes, Steve Coogan, and Ray Stevenson.\nThis film is the fourth collaboration between Ferrell and McKay, following Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy, Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby, and Step Brothers, and the only one not to be co-written by Ferrell.
/m/03qdm	Hunter College is an American public university and one of the constituent organizations of the City University of New York, located in the Lenox Hill neighborhood of Manhattan's Upper East Side. The college grants undergraduate and graduate degrees in over one-hundred fields of study in five schools: The School of Arts and Sciences, The School of Education, The School of Social Work, The Hunter-Bellevue School of Nursing, and the CUNY School of Public Health at Hunter College. Hunter College also administers Hunter College High School and Hunter College Elementary School.\nFounded in 1870, originally as a women's college, Hunter is one of the oldest public colleges in the United States. The college assumed the location of its main campus on Park Avenue in 1873. Hunter began admitting men into its freshman class in 1964. In 1943 Eleanor Roosevelt dedicated the former home of herself and Franklin Delano Roosevelt to the college, which reopened in 2010 as the Roosevelt House Public Policy Institute at Hunter College. In 2012, a partnership was announced with Memorial Sloan–Kettering Cancer Center, with plans to develop a shared health sciences campus on East 74th Street.
/m/080nwsb	Footloose is a 2011 American dance film directed by Craig Brewer. It is a remake of the 1984 film of the same name and stars Kenny Wormald, Julianne Hough, Andie MacDowell, and Dennis Quaid. The film follows a young man who moves from Boston to a small southern town and protests the town's ban against dancing.\nFilming took place from September to November 2010 in Georgia. It was released in Australia and New Zealand on October 6, 2011, and in North America on October 14, 2011. It grossed $15.5 million in its opening weekend and $62 million worldwide. It was met with generally positive reaction from critics.
/m/0dsx3f	Friday Night Lights is an American drama television series based around a high school football team situated in Dillon, Texas. It was developed by Peter Berg, and executive produced by Brian Grazer, David Nevins, Sarah Aubrey, and Jason Katims, based on the book and film of the same name. The series takes place in the fictional town of Dillon: a small, close-knit community in rural Texas. Particular focus is given to team coach Eric Taylor and his family, Tami and Julie. The show uses this small town backdrop to address many issues facing contemporary American culture, including family values, child development, life lessons, school funding, racism, drugs, abortion and lack of economic opportunities.\nProduced by NBCUniversal, Friday Night Lights premiered on October 3, 2006, airing for two seasons on the National Broadcasting Company. Although the show had garnered critical acclaim and passionate fans, the series suffered low ratings and was in danger of cancellation after the second season. To save the series, NBC struck a deal with DirecTV to co-produce three more seasons of the show with each subsequent season premiering on DirecTV's 101 Network after which NBC rebroadcast the series a few months later. The series ended its run on The 101 Network after five seasons on February 9, 2011.
/m/064lsn	The Pianist is a 2002 biographical war drama film directed by Roman Polanski, scripted by Ronald Harwood and starring Adrien Brody. It is based on the autobiographical book The Pianist, a World War II memoir by the Polish-Jewish pianist and composer Władysław Szpilman. The film is a co-production between Poland, France, Germany and the United Kingdom.\nThe Pianist met with significant critical praise and received multiple awards and nominations. The film was awarded the Palme d'Or at the 2002 Cannes Film Festival. At the 75th Academy Awards, The Pianist won Oscars for Best Director, Best Adapted Screenplay and Best Actor, and was also nominated for four other awards, including the Academy Award for Best Picture. It also won the BAFTA Award for Best Film and BAFTA Award for Best Direction in 2003 and seven French Césars including Best Picture, Best Director and Best Actor for Brody.
/m/02cqny	Hi-NRG is a style of uptempo disco or electronic dance music that originated in the United States and United Kingdom during the late 1970s. The genre is characterized by such elements as a four-on-the-floor rhythm and reverberated vocals.\nHi-NRG was popular from the early 1980s. By 1988, it had essentially gone out of style in favor of house music.\nHi-NRG and electrofunk have influenced the evolution of house music since the late 1980s.
/m/019v9k	A bachelor's degree is usually an academic degree earned for an undergraduate course of study or major that in theory, depending on the location and the topic of study, is supposed to last three to five years, but can range more widely in duration, depending on ability and diligence of the student, whether or not the student balances work and other life commitments while attending school, the student's existing level of education, the availability of classes, and school policies. In some cases, it may also be the name of a second graduate degree, such as a Bachelor of Laws, Bachelor of Civil Law, the Bachelor of Music, the Bachelor of Philosophy, or the Bachelor of Sacred Theology, degree which are normally offered after a first graduate/bachelor's degree.\nDuring the Renaissance, those who received a doctorate, upon passing their final examinations, were decorated with berried branches of bay, an ancient symbol of highest honor. From this ancient custom derives the French word baccalauréat and by modification, the term \"bachelor\" in referring to one who holds a university degree.
/m/02nt75	The Club de Fútbol Monterrey is a Mexican football club from Monterrey, Nuevo León, and the current champion of the CONCACAF Champions League. Founded on 28 June 1945, it is the oldest active team in the professional division from the northern part of Mexico, and currently play in the Liga MX.\nThe club is owned by FEMSA, Latin America's largest bottling company. Home games are played in the Estadio Tecnológico in Monterrey, Mexico, a stadium shared with the college American football team Borregos Salvajes from the Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education, and are set to move to the estimated 50,000 capacity Estadio de Fútbol Monterrey in 2014.\nThe club has enjoyed success in recent years, winning 4 league titles in 1986, 2003, 2009 and 2010; a Copa México in 1991, and winning three straight CONCACAF Champions League tournaments in 2011, 2012 and 2013. The team is commonly known as the Rayados, due to the club's traditional navy blue striped uniform, currently manufactured by Nike. Said pattern is also reflected in the club's current crest, which is also decorated with stars representing the club's league and continental titles.\nThe club's oldest rival is the Tigres of the Autonomous University of Nuevo León, against whom the local derby, known as the Clásico Regiomontano is played every season. Monterrey has been home notable international players from countries like Argentina, Chile, Ecuador, Portugal, and others.
/m/01vsb_	Gyeonggi-do is the most populous province in South Korea. Its name, Gyeonggi means \"the area surrounding capital\". Thus Gyeonggi-do can be translated as \"province surrounding Seoul\". The provincial capital is located at Suwon. Seoul—South Korea's largest city and national capital—is located in the heart of the province, but has been separately administered as a provincial-level special city since 1946. Incheon—South Korea's third largest city—is located on the coast of the province, but has been similarly administered as a provincial-level metropolitan city since 1981. The three administrations between them cover 11,730 km², with a combined population of 25.6 million—amounting to over half of the entire population of South Korea.
/m/01914	Beijing, sometimes romanized as Peking, is the capital of the People's Republic of China and one of the most populous cities in the world. The population as of 2013 was 21,150,000. The metropolis, located in northern China, is governed as a direct-controlled municipality under the national government, with 14 urban and suburban districts and two rural counties. Beijing Municipality is surrounded by Hebei Province with the exception of neighboring Tianjin Municipality to the southeast.\nBeijing is the second largest Chinese city by urban population after Shanghai and is the nation's political, cultural, and educational center. It is home to the headquarters of most of China's largest state-owned companies, and is a major hub for the national highway, expressway, railway, and high-speed rail networks. The Beijing Capital International Airport is the second busiest in the world by passenger traffic.\nThe city's history dates back three millennia. As the last of the Four Great Ancient Capitals of China, Beijing has been the political center of the country for much of the past eight centuries. The city is renowned for its opulent palaces, temples, gardens, tombs, walls and gates, and its art treasures and universities have made it a center of culture and art in China. Encyclopædia Britannica notes that \"few cities in the world have served for so long as the political headquarters and cultural centre of an area as immense as China.\"
/m/014b4h	Brunel University is a public research university located in Uxbridge, London, United Kingdom. It was founded in 1966 and is named after the Victorian engineer Isambard Kingdom Brunel.\nBrunel is a campus university located on the outskirts of Uxbridge. It is organised into eight constituent academic schools and around 10 research institutes. Brunel has around 15,200 full-time students and 2,500 staff and had a total income of £178.5 million in 2010/11, of which £14.8 million came from research grants and contracts.\nBrunel's origins lie in Acton Technical College, which was founded in 1928. In 1957 Brunel College of Technology separated from Acton Technical College with a focus on the education of engineers. Brunel College of Technology was awarded the status of College of Advanced Technology in 1960 and became Brunel College of Advanced Technology in 1962. In June 1966 Brunel College of Advanced Technology was awarded a Royal Charter and became Brunel University.\nBrunel is a member of the Association of Commonwealth Universities, the European University Association and Universities UK.
/m/0gg8z1f	Carnage is a 2011 comedy co-written and directed by Roman Polanski, based on the play God of Carnage by French playwright Yasmina Reza. The film is an international co-production of France, Germany, Spain, and Poland.
/m/04jn6y7	Edge of Darkness is a 2010 American crime thriller film directed by Martin Campbell and also produced by Michael Wearing, starring Mel Gibson.\nIt was based on the 1985 BBC television series Edge of Darkness. This was Gibson's first screen lead since Signs, which was released in late 2002.\nEdge of Darkness follows a detective investigating the murder of his activist daughter, while uncovering political conspiracies and cover-ups in the process.
/m/047jhq	Juhi Chawla is an Indian actress, voice actress, film producer, television presenter and former Miss India. After being crowned as the winner of the Miss India beauty contest in 1984, Chawla pursued an acting career.\nShe went on to become one of the top leading actresses of Bollywood and starred in films ranging from the romances Qayamat Se Qayamat Tak and Darr to Hum Hain Rahi Pyar Ke, which earned her the Filmfare Best Actress Award, to comedies Yes Boss and Ishq. Chawla has been mostly recognised for her comic timing in films, vivacious screen persona and is often cited by film media as one of the best actresses of Hindi cinema in the 1990s. Alongside with Sridevi and Madhuri Dixit, Chawla formed the leading trio of actresses of the late 80's and early 90s. She has also been listed as one of the best actresses who ruled in Bollywood.\nDuring the 2000s, after having starred in over 70 mainstream Hindi films, Chawla started acting in art and independent films. She appeared in films in her native tongue Punjabi, and has been mostly working in parallel cinema. She gained critical recognition for her performances in films like Jhankaar Beats, 3 Deewarein, My Brother Nikhil, Bas Ek Pal and I Am. Since 2000, Chawla branched out into film production and television presenting as well. Chawla judged the third season of the dance show Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa. She is also co-owner of the Indian Premier League cricket team Kolkata Knight Riders.
/m/02j71	Earth is the third planet from the Sun. It is the densest and fifth-largest of the eight planets in the Solar System. It is also the largest of the Solar System's four terrestrial planets. It is sometimes referred to as the world or the Blue Planet.\nEarth formed approximately 4.54 billion years ago, and life appeared on its surface within its first billion years. Earth's biosphere then significantly altered the atmospheric and other basic physical conditions, which enabled the proliferation of organisms as well as the formation of the ozone layer, which together with Earth's magnetic field blocked harmful solar radiation, and permitted formerly ocean-confined life to move safely to land. The physical properties of the Earth, as well as its geological history and orbit, have allowed life to persist.\nEarth's lithosphere is divided into several rigid segments, or tectonic plates, that migrate across the surface over periods of many millions of years. Over 70% percent of Earth's surface is covered with water, with the remainder consisting of continents and islands which together have many lakes and other sources of water that contribute to the hydrosphere. Earth's poles are mostly covered with ice that is the solid ice of the Antarctic ice sheet and the sea ice that is the polar ice packs. The planet's interior remains active, with a solid iron inner core, a liquid outer core that generates the magnetic field, and a thick layer of relatively solid mantle.
/m/07fb6	Tonga, officially the Kingdom of Tonga, is a Polynesian sovereign state and archipelago comprising 176 islands with a surface area of about 750 square kilometres scattered over 700,000 square kilometres of the southern Pacific Ocean, of which 52 are inhabited by its 103,000 people.\nTonga stretches over about 800 kilometres in a north-south line about a third of the distance from New Zealand to Hawaii. It is surrounded by Fiji and Wallis and Futuna to the northwest, Samoa to the northeast, Niue to the east, Kermadec to the southwest, and New Caledonia and Vanuatu to the west.\nTonga became known as the Friendly Islands because of the congenial reception accorded to Captain James Cook on his first visit in 1773. He arrived at the time of the ʻinasi festival, the yearly donation of the first fruits to the Tuʻi Tonga and so received an invitation to the festivities. According to the writer William Mariner, the chiefs wanted to kill Cook during the gathering but could not agree on a plan.\nTonga is one of the few countries that have successfully resisted European colonization, and it has never lost its sovereignty to a foreign power. In 2010 Tonga took a decisive step towards becoming a fully functioning constitutional monarchy, after legislative reforms paved the way for its first partial representative elections.
/m/02x0gx	Food Network is an American basic cable and satellite television channel that is owned by Television Food Network, G.P., a joint venture between Scripps Networks Interactive and the Tribune Cable Ventures Inc.. Despite this ownership structure, the channel is managed as a division of Scripps Networks Interactive. The channel airs both specials and regular episodic programs about food and cooking.\nIn addition to its headquarters in New York City, Food Network has offices in Atlanta, Los Angeles, San Francisco, Chicago, Detroit, Jersey City, Cincinnati, and Knoxville, Tennessee.\nAs of August 2013, Food Network is available to approximately 99,283,000 pay television households in the United States.
/m/0hn2q	The Philadelphia Flyers are a professional ice hockey team based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. They are members of the Metropolitan Division of the Eastern Conference of the National Hockey League. Part of the 1967 NHL Expansion, the Flyers were the first expansion team in the post-Original Six era to win the Stanley Cup, victorious in 1973–74 and again in 1974–75.\nThe Flyers' all-time points percentage of .578 is the second best in the NHL, behind only the Montreal Canadiens' .589. Additionally, the Flyers have the most appearances in the league semi-finals out of all 24 expansion teams, and they are second behind the St. Louis Blues for the most playoff appearances out of all expansion teams.\nThe Flyers have played their home games on Broad Street since their inception, first at the Spectrum from 1967 until 1996, and then at the Wells Fargo Center from 1996 to the present.\nThe Flyers have had rivalries with several teams over the years. Historically, their biggest rivals have been the New York Rangers, with an intense rivalry stretching back to the 1970s, the New Jersey Devils, with whom they traded the Atlantic Division title every season between 1994–95 and 2006–07, and their bitter cross-state rivals the Pittsburgh Penguins.
/m/077w0b	The Sprint Corporation, commonly known as Sprint, is a United States telecommunications holding company that provides wireless services and is also a major global Internet carrier. It's the third largest U.S. wireless network operator as of 2013, and served more than 54 million customers at the end of the third quarter of 2013, in addition to the Sprint brand, the company also offers wireless voice, messaging, and broadband services through its various subsidiaries under the Boost Mobile, Virgin Mobile, and Assurance Wireless brands, as well as wholesale access to its wireless networks to mobile virtual network operators. The company is headquartered in Overland Park, Kansas. In July 2013, a majority of the company was purchased by Japanese telecommunications company SoftBank Corporation, although the remaining shares of the company continue to trade on the New York Stock Exchange.\nSprint traces its origins to the Brown Telephone Company, which was founded in 1899 to deploy telephone service to the rural area around Abilene, Kansas. In 2006, Sprint exited the local landline telephone business, spinning those assets off into a newly created company named Embarq, which later became a part of CenturyLink. The company continues to be one of the largest long distance providers in the United States.
/m/01xvjb	Splash is a 1984 American fantasy romantic comedy film directed by Ron Howard, written by Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel, and starring Tom Hanks, Daryl Hannah, John Candy, Eugene Levy, and Dody Goodman. The film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay. The original music score was composed by Lee Holdridge. It was the first film released by Touchstone Pictures.
/m/0cq86w	Oliver! is a 1968 British musical drama film directed by Carol Reed and based on the stage musical of the same name, with book, music and lyrics written by Lionel Bart. The screenplay was written by Vernon Harris.\nBoth the film and play are based on Charles Dickens' novel Oliver Twist. The film includes several musical numbers, including \"Food, Glorious Food\", \"Consider Yourself\", \"As Long as He Needs Me\", \"You've Got to Pick a Pocket or Two\" and \"Where Is Love?\".\nFilmed in Shepperton Film Studio in Surrey, the film was a Romulus Films production and was distributed internationally by Columbia Pictures.\nAt the 41st Academy Awards in 1969, Oliver!, which had earlier been nominated for eleven Academy Awards, won six, including Awards for Best Picture, and Best Director for Carol Reed. At the 26th Golden Globe Awards the film won two Golden Globes for Best Film - Musical or Comedy, and Best Actor - Musical or Comedy for Ron Moody.
/m/03d8njj	Satish Kaushik is an Indian film director, producer and actor in primarily Hindi films and theatre.\nAs a film actor he is noted for his roles as 'Calendar' in Mr. India, and as 'Chanu Ahmed' in Sarah Gavron's British film Brick Lane. He won the Filmfare Best Comedian Award twice: in 1990 for film Ram Lakhan and in 1997 for Saajan Chale Sasural.\nAs a theatre actor, his most noted role is that of 'Willy Loman' in the Hindi-language play, Salesman Ramlal, an adaptation of Arthur Miller’s Death of a Salesman.\nHe wrote dialogues for Kundan Shah's comedy classic Jaane Bhi Do Yaaron.\nHis film Teree Sang, starring Ruslaan Mumtaz and Sheena Shahabadi, explores issues of teen pregnancy.\nHis latest film, Milenge Milenge, stars Shahid Kapoor and Kareena Kapoor.
/m/025txrl	Vivendi Games, formerly known as Vivendi Universal Games, was the holdings company for Sierra Entertainment and Blizzard Entertainment. Vivendi Games was founded as Vivendi Universal Games after Vivendi bought Universal Studios in the early 2000s. Before then, Vivendi Universal Games was known as Universal Interactive Studios.\nVivendi Games was a 100% subsidiary of Vivendi S.A.. Headed by Bruce Hack, it was headquartered in Los Angeles, California and employed over 3,400 people at 4 separate development divisions. Vivendi Games owned the rights to such popular franchises as Warcraft, StarCraft, Diablo and World of Warcraft as well as others like Empire Earth, Leisure Suit Larry, Ground Control, Tribes, Crash Bandicoot and Spyro the Dragon owned by Sierra Entertainment. It is now merged with Activision and is known as Activision Blizzard.
/m/0c00lh	Jason Reitman is a Canadian/American film director, screenwriter, and producer, best known for directing the films Thank You for Smoking, Juno, Up in the Air, and Young Adult. As of February 2, 2010, he has received four Academy Award nominations, two of which are for Best Director. Reitman is a dual citizen of Canada and the United States. He is the son of director Ivan Reitman.
/m/0154d7	Mark Richard Hamill is an American actor, voice actor, producer, director, and writer. He is best known for his starring role as Luke Skywalker in the original Star Wars trilogy, and his voice role as the Joker in Batman: The Animated Series and its spin-offs. He also voiced the Joker in the acclaimed video games Batman: Arkham Asylum and Batman: Arkham City. Hamill has also lent his voice to various other villains and anti-heroes in various other animated productions.
/m/066l3y	Monica Jean Rial is an American voice actress, ADR director, and script writer for Funimation Entertainment/OkraTron 5000 and ADV Films/Seraphim Digital. She has provided voices for a number of English-language versions of Japanese anime films and television series. She is currently the most prolific anime voice actor in the United States having voiced over 300 characters in various anime. For her anime work in 2012, she won the Behind the Voice Actors People's Choice award for Female Voice Actress of the Year.
/m/0284n42	Kevin O'Connell is a sound re-recording mixer. He holds the record for most Academy Award nominations without a win at 20, having originally set the record in 2006 with his 18th nomination and loss, making him the \"unluckiest nominee in the history of the Academy Awards\".
/m/02b1l7	Morecambe Football Club is an English football club based in Morecambe, Lancashire. It plays its football in League Two, the fourth tier of English football, having been promoted in 2007 for the first time in their history to the Football League.\nFrom 1921 to the end of the 2009–10 season home matches were played at Christie Park. In August 2010 the club moved to their new home ground, Globe Arena.
/m/03q27t	The Grammy Award for Best Boxed or Special Limited Edition Package has been presented since 1995. The award has had several minor name changes:\nFrom 1995 to 1997 the award was known as Best Recording Package - Boxed\nFrom 1998 to 2002 it was awarded as Best Boxed Recording Package\nSince 2001 it has been awarded as Best Boxed or Special Limited Edition Package\nYears reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were presented, for works released in the previous year. The award is presented to art directors, not to artists or performers, except if the artist is also the art director.
/m/06ncr	The saxophone is a woodwind instrument. Saxophones are usually made of brass and played with a single-reed mouthpiece similar to that of the clarinet. The saxophone was invented by the Belgian instrument maker Adolphe Sax in 1840. Sax wanted to create an instrument that would be the most powerful and vocal of the woodwinds, and the most adaptive of the brass—that would fill the vacant middle ground between the two sections. He patented the saxophone on June 24, 1846, in two groups of seven instruments each. Each series consisted of instruments of various sizes in alternating transposition. The series pitched in B♭ and E♭, designed for military bands, has proved extremely popular and most saxophones encountered today are from this series. Instruments from the so-called \"orchestral\" series, pitched in C and F, never gained a foothold, and the B♭ and E♭ instruments have now replaced the C and F instruments in classical music.\nThe saxophone has proved very popular in military band music, and is commonly used in jazz and classical music. There is substantial repertoire of concert music in the classical idiom for the members of the saxophone family. Saxophone players are called saxophonists.
/m/01gkcc	The word pharyngitis comes from the Greek word pharynx pharanx meaning throat and the suffix -itis meaning inflammation. It is an inflammation of the throat. In most cases it is quite painful, and is the most common cause of a sore throat.\nLike many types of inflammation, pharyngitis can be acute – characterized by a rapid onset and typically a relatively short course – or chronic. Pharyngitis can result in very large tonsils which cause trouble swallowing and breathing. Pharyngitis can be accompanied by a cough or fever, for example, if caused by a systemic infection.\nMost acute cases are caused by viral infections, with the remainder caused by bacterial infections, fungal infections, or irritants such as pollutants or chemical substances. Treatment of viral causes is mainly symptomatic while bacterial or fungal causes may be amenable to antibiotics and anti-fungal medicines respectively.
/m/01hydr	Glitch is a style of electronic music that emerged in the late 1990s. It has been described as a genre that adheres to an \"aesthetic of failure,\" where the deliberate use of glitch-based audio media, and other sonic artifacts, is a central concern.\nSources of glitch sound material are usually malfunctioning or abused audio recording devices or digital electronics, such as CD skipping, electric hum, digital or analog distortion, bit rate reduction, hardware noise, software bugs, crashes, vinyl record hiss or scratches and system errors. In a Computer Music Journal article published in 2000, composer and writer Kim Cascone classifies glitch as a sub-genre of electronica, and used the term post-digital to describe the glitch aesthetic.
/m/0bhwhj	An Inconvenient Truth is a 2006 Academy Award winning documentary film directed by Davis Guggenheim about former United States Vice President Al Gore's campaign to educate citizens about global warming via a comprehensive slide show that, by his own estimate made in the film, he has given more than a thousand times.\nPremiering at the 2006 Sundance Film Festival and opening in New York City and Los Angeles on May 24, 2006, the documentary was a critical and box-office success, winning 2 Academy Awards for Best Documentary Feature and Best Original Song. The film grossed $24 million in the U.S. and $26 million in the foreign box office, becoming the 9th highest grossing documentary film to date in the United States.\nThe idea to document his efforts came from producer Laurie David who saw his presentation at a town-hall meeting on global warming which coincided with the opening of The Day After Tomorrow. Laurie David was so inspired by Gore's slide show that she, with producer Lawrence Bender, met with Guggenheim to adapt the presentation into a film.\nSince the film's release, An Inconvenient Truth has been credited for raising international public awareness of climate change and reenergizing the environmental movement. The documentary has also been included in science curricula in schools around the world, which has spurred some controversy.
/m/058vp	Valentin Louis Georges Eugène Marcel Proust was a French novelist, critic, and essayist best known for his monumental novel À la recherche du temps perdu.\nIt was published in seven parts between 1913 and 1927.
/m/06p0s1	Douglas Slocombe OBE, BSC, ASC is a British cinematographer. His 84 feature films span over 47 years and include everything from Ealing comedies in the late 1940s and early 1950s to the first three Indiana Jones films in the 1980s.\nHis early films as cinematographer included several classic Ealing comedies, notably Kind Hearts and Coronets, The Man in the White Suit, The Lavender Hill Mob and The Titfield Thunderbolt.\nHe has been nominated for an Academy Award on three occasions, for Travels with My Aunt, Julia, and Raiders of the Lost Ark. He also won the BAFTA Award for best cinematography for The Servant, The Great Gatsby and Julia, and was nominated for Guns at Batasi, The Blue Max, The Lion in Winter, Travels with My Aunt, Jesus Christ Superstar, Rollerball, Raiders of the Lost Ark and Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom.\nHe has also won the British Society of Cinematographers Award five times, and was awarded its Lifetime Achievement Award in 1996.
/m/05qb8vx	The 82nd Academy Awards ceremony, presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, honored the best films of 2009 and took place on March 7, 2010, at the Kodak Theatre in Hollywood, Los Angeles beginning at 5:30 p.m. PST / 8:30 p.m. EST. The ceremony was scheduled well after its usual late-February date to avoid conflicting with the 2010 Winter Olympics. During the ceremony, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences presented Academy Awards in 24 categories. The ceremony, televised in the United States by ABC, was produced by Bill Mechanic and Adam Shankman. Actors Alec Baldwin and Steve Martin hosted the show. Martin hosted for the third time; he first presided over the 73rd ceremony held in 2001 and lasted hosted the 75th ceremony held in 2003. Meanwhile, this was Baldwin's first Oscars hosting stint. This was also the first telecast to have multiple hosts since the 59th ceremony held in 1987.\nOn June 24, 2009, Academy president Sid Ganis announced at a press conference that, in an attempt to revitalize interest surrounding the awards, the 2010 ceremony would feature ten Best Picture nominees instead of five, a practice that was discontinued after the 16th annual awards ceremony. On February 20, 2010, in a ceremony at the Beverly Wilshire Hotel in Beverly Hills, California, the Academy Awards for Technical Achievement were presented by host Elizabeth Banks.
/m/03kmyy	The Yale School of Medicine at Yale University is a located in New Haven, Connecticut, U.S. It was founded in 1810 as The Medical Institution of Yale College, and formally opened its doors in 1813.\nThe primary teaching hospital for the school is Yale-New Haven Hospital. The school is home to the Harvey Cushing/John Hay Whitney Medical Library, one of the largest modern medical libraries, also known for its historical collections. The faculty includes 62 National Academy of Sciences members, 40 Institute of Medicine investigators, and 16 Howard Hughes Medical Institute investigators. U.S. News and World Report currently ranks the Yale School of Medicine 7th in the country for research, and 72nd in primary care. Entrance is highly selective; for the class of 2016, the school received 4,103 applications to fill its class of 100 students. The average GPA for admitted students was a 3.8, with an average MCAT of 36.3.
/m/01wz3cx	Joan Baez is an American folk singer, songwriter, musician, and activist. Baez has performed publicly for over 55 years, releasing over 30 albums. Fluent in Spanish as well as in English, she has also recorded songs in at least six other languages. She is regarded as a folk singer, although her music has diversified since the counterculture days of the 1960s and now encompasses everything from folk rock and pop to country and gospel music. Although a songwriter herself, Baez is generally regarded as an interpreter of other people's work, having recorded songs by the Allman Brothers Band, the Beatles, Jackson Browne, Leonard Cohen, Bob Dylan, Violeta Parra, Woody Guthrie, The Rolling Stones, Pete Seeger, Paul Simon, Stevie Wonder and many others. In recent years, she has found success interpreting songs of modern songwriters such as Ryan Adams, Josh Ritter, Steve Earle and Natalie Merchant. Her recordings include many topical songs and material dealing with social issues.\nShe began her recording career in 1960, and achieved immediate success. Her first three albums, Joan Baez, Joan Baez, Vol. 2, and Joan Baez in Concert all achieved gold record status, and stayed on the charts of hit albums for two years.
/m/070tng	FC Tom Tomsk is a Russian football club, based in the Siberian city of Tomsk. The team plays in Trud Stadium.
/m/02r3cn	Joel Rueben Madden is the lead vocalist and front-man for the American pop punk band Good Charlotte, as well as a record producer, actor, DJ, and UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador.
/m/02j7k	The English Channel, often referred to simply as the Channel, is an arm of the Atlantic Ocean that separates southern England from northern France, and joins the North Sea to the Atlantic. It is about 560 km long and varies in width from 240 km at its widest to 33.1 km in the Strait of Dover. It is the smallest of the shallow seas around the continental shelf of Europe, covering an area of some 75,000 km².
/m/036hv	Geology is the science comprising the study of solid Earth, the rocks of which it is composed, and the processes by which they change. Geology can also refer generally to the study of the solid features of any celestial body.\nGeology gives insight into the history of the Earth, as it provides the primary evidence for plate tectonics, the evolutionary history of life, and past climates. In modern times, geology is commercially important for mineral and hydrocarbon exploration and exploitation and for evaluating water resources. It is publicly important for the prediction and understanding of natural hazards, the remediation of environmental problems, and for providing insights into past climate change. Geology plays a role in geotechnical engineering and is a major academic discipline.
/m/0bwh6	Clint Eastwood is an American actor, film director, producer and composer. He rose to international fame with his role as the Man with No Name in Sergio Leone's Dollars trilogy of spaghetti Westerns during the 1960s, and as Harry Callahan in the five Dirty Harry films throughout the 1970s and 1980s. These roles, among others, have made him an enduring cultural icon of masculinity.\nFor his work in the films Unforgiven and Million Dollar Baby, Eastwood won Academy Awards for Best Director and Producer of the Best Picture, as well as receiving nominations for Best Actor. His greatest commercial successes have been Every Which Way But Loose and its sequel, Any Which Way You Can, after adjustment for inflation. Other popular films include Hang 'Em High, Play Misty for Me, Thunderbolt and Lightfoot, The Outlaw Josey Wales, Escape from Alcatraz, Firefox, Tightrope, Pale Rider, Heartbreak Ridge, In the Line of Fire, The Bridges of Madison County, and Gran Torino.\nIn addition to directing many of his own star vehicles, Eastwood has also directed films in which he did not appear, such as Mystic River and Letters from Iwo Jima, for which he received Academy Award nominations, and Changeling. He received considerable critical praise in France, including for several films which were not well received in the United States, and he has been awarded two of France's highest honors: in 1994 he became a recipient of the French Republic's Commandeur of the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres and in 2007 he was awarded the Légion d'honneur medal. In 2000, he was awarded the Italian Venice Film Festival Golden Lion for lifetime achievement.
/m/06bpt_	Groove metal is a subgenre of heavy metal. It is often used to describe Pantera and Exhorder. At its core, groove metal takes the intensity and sonic qualities of thrash metal and plays it at a mid-tempo, with most bands making only occasional forays into fast tempo.
/m/03lmzl	Keith Ian Carradine is an American actor who has had success on stage, film and television. He is perhaps best known for his roles as Tom Frank in Robert Altman's Nashville, Wild Bill Hickok in the HBO series Deadwood and FBI agent Frank Lundy in Dexter. In addition, he is a Golden Globe and Academy Award winning songwriter. As a member of the Carradine family, he is part of an acting dynasty that began with his father, John Carradine.
/m/0gsg7	The American Broadcasting Company is an American commercial broadcast television network. Throughout its history, ABC has supported its financial operations by diversifying into the press, the publishing industry, the operation of theaters, and filmmaking. Many of the company's assets in these fields have been sold to other companies, and since 2007, when ABC Radio was sold to Citadel Broadcasting, ABC has reduced its operations almost exclusively to television.\nThe network was created on October 12, 1943 as a radio network, successor to the NBC Blue Network which was purchased by Edward Noble, then extended its operations to television in 1948. In the mid-1950s, ABC merged with United Paramount Theatres, a former subsidiary of Paramount Pictures. Leonard Goldenson, who had been the head of UPT, managed to make the new television network profitable by leading it to broadcast many successful series. In the 1970s, ABC sold its theater operation division to Henry Plitt, who renamed it as Plitt Theatres. In the 1980s, after buying an 80% stake in the cable sports channel ESPN, the network merged with the publishing/broadcasting group Capital Cities Communications. In 1996, ABC and Capital Cities' other assets were purchased by The Walt Disney Company.
/m/0191n	Blue Velvet is a 1986 American mystery film written and directed by David Lynch. The movie exhibits elements of both film noir and surrealism. The film stars Kyle MacLachlan, Isabella Rossellini, Dennis Hopper and Laura Dern. The title is taken from The Clovers' 1955 song of the same name. Although initially detested by some mainstream critics, the film is now widely acclaimed, and earned Lynch his second Academy Award nomination for Best Director. As an example of a director casting against the norm, Blue Velvet is also noted for re-launching Hopper's career and for providing Rossellini with a dramatic outlet beyond the work as a fashion model and a cosmetics spokeswoman for which she had until then been known.\nAfter the commercial and critical failure of Lynch's Dune, he made attempts at developing a more \"personal story\", somewhat characteristic of the surreal style he displayed in his debut Eraserhead. The screenplay of Blue Velvet had been passed around multiple times in the late 1970s and early 1980s, with many major studios declining it because of its strong sexual and violent content. The independent studio De Laurentiis Entertainment Group, owned at the time by Italian film producer Dino De Laurentiis, agreed to finance and produce the film. Since its initial theatrical release, Blue Velvet has achieved cult status, significant academic attention and, alongside Eraserhead and Mulholland Drive, is widely regarded as one of Lynch's finest works. It is also seen by many critics as representing a modern-day version of film-noir, \"neo-noir\", present in many thrillers from the early 1980s to the mid-1990s. Blue Velvet was ranked as one of the 100 Greatest Films of All Time by Entertainment Weekly in 1999 and chosen by the American Film Institute as one of the greatest mystery films ever made.
/m/0gd_b_	John M. Slattery, Jr. is an American actor and director, best known for his role as Roger Sterling on AMC's series Mad Men. He was part of the Mad Men ensemble that won two SAG Awards.\nIn 2013, Slattery tried his hand at directing a full length film, God's Pocket, which he also co-wrote. Though the film starred Mad Men Co-Star Hendricks and Philip Seymour Hoffman, it garnered terribly harsh reviews with Hollywood Reporter comparing it to a \"movie by the Coen Brothers directed with one arm tied behind their backs\" and The Salt Lake Tribune deriding its characters as \"less authentic than the people in a Bruce Springsteen song.\"
/m/0kn3g	Ralph Vaughan Williams OM was an English composer of symphonies, chamber music, opera, choral music, and film scores. He was also a collector of English folk music and song; this collecting activity influenced both his editorial approach to the English Hymnal, in which he included many folk song arrangements as hymn tunes, and several of his own original compositions.
/m/0gsgr	The Cable News Network is an American basic cable and satellite television channel that is owned by the Turner Broadcasting System division of Time Warner. The 24-hour cable news channel was founded in 1980 by American media proprietor Ted Turner. Upon its launch, CNN was the first channel to provide 24-hour television news coverage, and the first all-news television channel in the United States.\nWhile the news channel has numerous affiliates, CNN primarily broadcasts from its headquarters at the CNN Center in Atlanta, the Time Warner Center in New York City, and studios in Washington, D.C., and Los Angeles. CNN is sometimes referred to as CNN/U.S. to distinguish the American channel from its international counterpart, CNN International. As of August 2010, CNN is available in over 100 million U.S. households. Broadcast coverage extends to over 890,000 American hotel rooms, and the U.S. channel is also carried on cable and satellite in Canada. Globally, CNN programming airs through CNN International, which can be seen by viewers in over 212 countries and territories.\nAs of August 2013, approximately 98,496,000 American households receive CNN.
/m/02b1l_	Shrewsbury Town Football Club is an English association football club based in Shrewsbury, Shropshire. The club participates in League One, the third tier of English football. The club was formed in 1886 and has played in all the bottom three divisions in various guises since being elected into the Football League in 1950. Since 2007, they have been located at the New Meadow – a UEFA Category four stadium with a capacity of 9,875.
/m/0fhmf	Linz is the third-largest city of Austria and capital of the state of Upper Austria. It is located in the north centre of Austria, approximately 30 kilometres south of the Czech border, on both sides of the river Danube. The population of the city is 191,501, and that of the Greater Linz conurbation is about 271,000.
/m/03tf_h	Lewis Gilbert CBE is a British film director, producer and screenwriter, who has directed more than 40 films during six decades; among them such varied titles as Reach for the Sky, Sink the Bismarck!, Alfie, Educating Rita and Shirley Valentine, as well as three James Bond films: You Only Live Twice, The Spy Who Loved Me and Moonraker.
/m/02qhlwd	Valkyrie is a 2008 American-German historical thriller film set in Nazi Germany during World War II. The film depicts the 20 July plot in 1944 by German army officers to assassinate Adolf Hitler and to use the Operation Valkyrie national emergency plan to take control of the country. Valkyrie was directed by Bryan Singer for the American studio United Artists, and the film stars Tom Cruise as Colonel Claus von Stauffenberg, one of the key plotters. The cast included Kenneth Branagh, Bill Nighy, Eddie Izzard, Terence Stamp and Tom Wilkinson.\nCruise's casting caused controversy among German politicians and members of the von Stauffenberg family due to the actor's practice of Scientology, which is viewed with suspicion in Germany. Because of this, the filmmakers initially had difficulty setting up filming locations in Germany, but they were later given access to film in locations, including Berlin's historic Bendlerblock. German newspapers and filmmakers supported the film and its attempt to spread global awareness of von Stauffenberg's plot.\nThe film changed release dates several times, from as early as June 27, 2008 to as late as February 14, 2009. The changing calendar and poor response to United Artists' initial marketing campaign drew criticism about the studio's viability. After a positive test screening, Valkyrie's release in North America was ultimately changed to December 25, 2008. United Artists renewed its marketing campaign to reduce its focus on Cruise and to highlight Singer's credentials. The film received mixed reviews in the United States and in Germany, where it opened commercially on January 22, 2009.
/m/01_c4	The City of London is a city within London. It constituted most of London from its settlement by the Romans in the 1st century AD to the Middle Ages, but the conurbation has since grown far beyond the City's borders. The City is now only a tiny part of the metropolis of Greater London, though it remains a notable part of central London. It holds city status in its own right and is also a separate ceremonial county.\nIt is widely referred to simply as \"the City\" and is also colloquially known as the \"Square Mile\", as it is 1.12 sq mi, i.e. just over 1 sq mi, in area. Both of these terms are also often used as metonyms for the United Kingdom's trading and financial services industries, which continue a notable history of being largely based in the City.\nThe name \"London\" is now ordinarily used for a far wider area than just the City. \"London\" usually denotes the London region, which is also known as the Greater London administrative area, comprising 32 boroughs, in addition to the City of London itself. This wider usage of \"London\" is documented as far back as the 16th century.
/m/0b7t3p	Carol Leifer is an American comedian, writer, producer and actress whose career as a stand-up comedian started in the 1970s when she was in college. David Letterman discovered her performing in a comedy club in the 1980s and she has since been a guest on Late Night with David Letterman over twenty-five times as well as numerous other shows and venues. She has written many television scripts including for The Larry Sanders Show, Saturday Night Live, and most notably, Seinfeld.\nLeifer's \"inner monologue\" observational style is often autobiographical encompassing subjects about her Jewish ancestry and upbringing, coming out, same-sex marriage, relationships and parenting.\nLeifer has become vegan, saying \"I recently became vegan because I felt that as a Jewish lesbian, I wasn’t part of a small enough minority. So now I’m a Jewish lesbian vegan.\"
/m/0bzrxn	The 1995 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament involved 64 schools playing in single-elimination play to determine the national champion of men's NCAA Division I college basketball. It began on March 16, 1995, and ended with the championship game on April 3 at the Kingdome in Seattle, Washington. A total of 63 games were played.\nThe Final Four consisted of UCLA, making their fifteenth appearance and first since the 1980 team that eventually saw their appearance vacated, Oklahoma State, making their fifth appearance and first since 1951, North Carolina, making their twelfth appearance and second in three years, and Arkansas, the defending national champions.\nThe championship game saw UCLA win their eleventh national championship and first national title under Jim Harrick by defeating Arkansas 89-78, foiling the Razorbacks' hopes of back to back national titles.\nUCLA's Ed O'Bannon was named the tournament's Most Outstanding Player.
/m/03cn92	Margaret JoBeth Williams is an American film, television and stage actress and director. She rose to prominence appearing in such films as Stir Crazy, Poltergeist, The Big Chill, The Day After, Teachers and Poltergeist II: The Other Side. She has also performed in numerous other roles. She has been nominated for Oscar, Golden Globe and Emmy Awards. Williams is the current president of the Screen Actors Guild Foundation.
/m/019nnl	Family Guy is an American adult animated sitcom created by Seth MacFarlane for the Fox Broadcasting Company. The series centers on the Griffins, a family consisting of parents Peter and Lois; their children Meg, Chris, and Stewie; and their anthropomorphic pet dog Brian. The show is set in the fictional city of Quahog, Rhode Island, and exhibits much of its humor in the form of cutaway gags that often lampoon American culture.\nThe family was conceived by MacFarlane after developing two animated films, The Life of Larry and Larry & Steve. MacFarlane redesigned the films' protagonist, Larry, and his dog, Steve, and renamed them Peter and Brian, respectively. MacFarlane pitched a seven-minute pilot to Fox on May 15, 1998. The show was given the green light and started production. Shortly after the third season of Family Guy had aired in 2001, Fox cancelled the series, putting the series to a 2-year hiatus. However, favorable DVD sales and high ratings for syndicated reruns on Adult Swim convinced the network to renew the show in 2004 for a 4th season, which began airing on May 1, 2005.\nFamily Guy has been nominated for 12 Primetime Emmy Awards and 11 Annie Awards, and has won three of each. In 2009, it was nominated for an Emmy for Outstanding Comedy Series, the first time an animated series was nominated for the award since The Flintstones in 1961. Family Guy has also received criticism, including unfavorable comparisons for its similarities to The Simpsons.
/m/013xrm	Germans are a Germanic ethnic group native to Central Europe, who share a common German ancestry, culture and history, and speak the German language as their mother tongue. In modern usage, the term also refers to the citizens of the Federal Republic of Germany, regardless of ancestry, mother tongue, ethnic identity or culture.\nThe English term Germans has historically referred to the German-speaking population of the Holy Roman Empire since the Late Middle Ages. Before the collapse of communism and the reunification of Germany, Germans constituted the largest divided nation in Europe by far, a position today occupied by Russians. Ever since the outbreak of the Protestant Reformation within the Holy Roman Empire, German society has been characterized by a Catholic-Protestant divide.\nOf approximately 100 million native speakers of German in the world, roughly 70 million consider themselves Germans. There are an additional 80 million people of German ancestry mainly in the United States, Brazil, Argentina, Canada, South Africa, post-Soviet states, France, Australia, Venezuela, Chile and Italy. Over 17 percent of the population of the United States, over 10 percent of population of Canada, over 7 percent of the population of Argentina and over 4 percent of the population of Australia has German ancestry. Thus, the total number of Germans worldwide lies between 66 and 160 million, depending on the criteria applied.
/m/02b1lm	Northwich Victoria Football Club is an English football club based in Northwich, Cheshire, playing its home games at Valley Road, Flixton. The club currently participates in the Northern Premier League Division One North, the eighth tier of the English football league system, having been demoted from the Premier Division at the end of the 2011–12 season—despite finishing second—for a breach of league rules regarding financial matters.\nThe original club was founded in 1874, being named in honour of the then-reigning monarch, Queen Victoria. It is one of the 100 oldest football clubs in the world, and one of the oldest 50 in England, still in existence. During its long history, the club was a founder member of several leagues including the Football League Second Division, in which it competed for only two seasons, 1892-94.\nThey played at the same Drill Field ground for over 125 years, which at the time was believed to be the oldest ground in the world on which football had been continuously played, however after a ground sharing period with their local rivals, Witton Albion, they started the 2005–06 season in their new stadium, the Victoria Stadium in Wincham, just outside Northwich and across the Trent & Mersey Canal, which separated them from their rivals. The club are no longer based in, nor play home matches in, the town or county they used to represent.
/m/0kfv9	The Sopranos is an American television series created by David Chase. Revolving around the fictional New Jersey-based Italian-American mobster Tony Soprano, the show portrays the difficulties he faces as he tries to balance the conflicting requirements of his home life and his criminal organization. These are often highlighted through his ongoing professional relationship with psychiatrist Jennifer Melfi. The series features Tony's family members and Mafia colleagues and rivals in prominent roles and story arcs, most notably his wife Carmela and his cousin and protégé Christopher Moltisanti.\nAfter a pilot was ordered in 1997, the show premiered on the premium cable network HBO in the United States on January 10, 1999, and ended its original run of six seasons and 86 episodes on June 10, 2007. The series then went through syndication and has been broadcast on A&E in the United States and internationally. The Sopranos was produced by HBO, Chase Films, and Brad Grey Television. It was primarily filmed at Silvercup Studios, New York City, and on location in New Jersey. The executive producers throughout the show's run were Chase, Brad Grey, Robin Green, Mitchell Burgess, Ilene S. Landress, Terence Winter, and Matthew Weiner.
/m/02jm9c	Jeffrey Alan Combs is an American actor known for his horror film roles such as Re-Animator and appearances playing a number of characters in the Star Trek and the DC Animated Universe television franchises.
/m/05hks	Nicholas II was the last Emperor of Russia, Grand Duke of Finland, and titular King of Poland. His official short title was Nicholas II, Emperor and Autocrat of All the Russias. Like other Russian Emperors he is commonly known by the monarchical title Tsar. He is known as Saint Nicholas the Passion-Bearer by the Russian Orthodox Church and has been referred to as Saint Nicholas the Martyr.\nNicholas II ruled from 1 November 1894 until his forced abdication on 2 March 1917. His reign saw Imperial Russia go from being one of the foremost great powers of the world to economic and military collapse. Enemies nicknamed him Bloody Nicholas because of the Khodynka Tragedy, the anti-Semitic pogroms, Bloody Sunday, his violent suppression of the 1905 Revolution, his execution of political opponents, and his pursuit of military campaigns on an unprecedented scale.\nUnder his rule, Russia was humiliatingly defeated in the Russo-Japanese War, which saw the almost total annihilation of the Russian Baltic Fleet at the Battle of Tsushima. The Anglo-Russian Entente, designed to counter German attempts to gain influence in the Middle East, ended the Great Game between Russia and the United Kingdom. As head of state, Nicholas approved the Russian mobilisation of August 1914, which marked the beginning of Russia's involvement in the First World War, a war in which 3.3 million Russians were killed. The Imperial Army's severe losses and the High Command's incompetent handling of the war, along with other policies directed by Nicholas during his reign, are often cited as the leading causes of the fall of the Romanov dynasty.
/m/0285xqh	Anurag Singh Kashyap is an Indian film director, producer and screenwriter. Kashyap made his directorial debut with as yet unreleased Paanch, with Kay Kay Menon as the lead. As a filmmaker, he is known for Black Friday, a controversial and award-winning Hindi film about the 1993 Mumbai bombings, followed by No Smoking, Dev D, Gulaal, That Girl in Yellow Boots and Gangs of Wasseypur. As a screenwriter, he wrote the scripts for the Filmfare Award-winning Satya and the Academy Award-nominated Canadian film Water. He founded his film production company, Anurag Kashyap Films Pvt. Ltd. in 2009.\nIn 1999, Kashyap won the Best Screenplay award for Satya at the Star Screen Awards. The next year, his short film Last Train to Mahakali won the Special Jury Award at the same awards. His feature film debut Black Friday won the Grand Jury Prize at the 3rd Annual Indian Film Festival of Los Angeles, and was a nominee for the \"Golden Leopard\" at the 57th Locarno International Film Festival. In 2010, he announced his association withTumbhi where he and his team will make six short films for Tumbhi and start his blog with them, as well He was listed on The DNA power list: Top 50 influentials, a list of 50 most influential Indians in 2011. Soon, he will be awarded with a cultural achievement award in the Cannes Film Festival. Kashyap currently serves on the board of Mumbai-based NGO, Aangan Trust, which helps protect vulnerable children around India. He is one of the most influential and important directors in India.
/m/01hcj2	Christina Applegate is an American film, television and stage actress who gained fame as a child actor, playing the role of Kelly Bundy on the Fox sitcom Married... with Children for the series' duration, from 1987 to 1997. In her adult years, Applegate established a film and television career, winning an Emmy and earning Tony and Golden Globe nominations.\nShe has had major roles in several films, including Don't Tell Mom the Babysitter's Dead, The Big Hit, The Sweetest Thing, Grand Theft Parsons, Anchorman and Anchorman 2: The Legend Continues, Farce of the Penguins, Alvin and the Chipmunks: The Squeakquel and Hall Pass. She has also starred in numerous Broadway theatre productions such as the 2005 revival of the musical Sweet Charity. She also played the lead role in the sitcoms Jesse and Samantha Who? and starred in the NBC comedy Up All Night before leaving over the creative direction of the series, which was canceled shortly afterward.
/m/01c6nk	A warlord is a person with power who has both military and civil control over a subnational area due to armed forces loyal to the warlord and not to a central authority. The term can also mean one who espouses the ideal that war is necessary, and has the means and authority to engage in war. Today, the word has a strong connotation that the person exercises far more power than their official title or rank legitimately permits. Under feudalism, by contrast, the local military leader may enjoy great autonomy and a personal army, and still derive legitimacy from formal fealty to a central authority.\nWarlordism is a term coined to describe chaos at the end of the Qing Dynasty and the birth of the Republic of China, from the death of Yuan Shikai in 1916 until 1928. This period is called the warlord era of China. It can however be used to describe similar periods in other countries or epochs such as in Japan during the Sengoku period, or in China during the Three Kingdoms, or in Somalia during the Somali Civil War.\nThe word \"warlord\" entered the English language as a translation from the German word \"Kriegsherr\", which was an official title of the German Emperor. Its use for Chinese military commanders who had a regional power base and ruled independently of the central government dates from the early 1920s, with Bertram Lenox Simpson being one source, according to the Oxford English Dictionary.
/m/017fp	A biography or simply bio is a detailed description or account of a person's life. It entails more than basic facts like education, work, relationships, and death—a biography also portrays a subject's experience of these events. Unlike a profile or curriculum vitae, a biography presents a subject's life story, highlighting various aspects of his or her life, including intimate details of experience, and may include an analysis of the subject's personality.\nBiographical works are usually nonfiction, but fiction can also be used to portray a person's life. One in-depth form of biographical coverage is called legacy writing. Works in diverse media—from literature to film—form the genre known as biography.\nAn authorized biography is written with the permission, cooperation, and at times, participation of a subject or a subject's heirs. An autobiography is written by the person themselves, sometimes with the assistance of a collaborator or ghostwriter.
/m/07q68q	Samuel Vincent Khouth is a Canadian voice actor and singer who works with the Ocean Productions based in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
/m/0h95zbp	Chronicle is a 2012 American science fiction drama-thriller film directed by Josh Trank in his directorial debut, and written by Max Landis based on a story by both. It follows three Seattle high school seniors, bullied Andrew, his cousin Matt and more popular Steve form a bond after gaining telekinetic abilities from an unknown object. They first use their abilities for mischief and personal gain until Andrew turns to darker purposes.\nThe film is visually presented as found footage filmed from the perspective of various video recording devices that Andrew primarily uses a hand-held camcorder to document the events of his life. Released in the United Kingdom and Ireland on February 1, 2012, and in the United States on February 3, 2012, it received a positive critical response and grossed $126 million worldwide.
/m/09cd3s	SV Waldhof Mannheim is a German association football club, located in Mannheim, Baden-Württemberg. The club today has a membership of over 2,400.
/m/0mhdz	The town of Los Gatos is an incorporated town in Santa Clara County, California, United States. The population was 29,413 at the 2010 census. It is located in the San Francisco Bay Area at the southwest corner of San Jose in the foothills of the Santa Cruz Mountains. Los Gatos is an established neighborhood in the Silicon Valley. According to Bloomberg Businessweek, Los Gatos ranks 33rd in affluence in the United States.
/m/0qlrh	Atlantic City is a city in Atlantic County, New Jersey, a major resort city in the northeast known for its casinos, boardwalk and beach and is the home of the Miss America Pageant. As of the 2010 United States Census, the city had a population of 39,558, reflecting a decline of 959 from the 40,517 counted in the 2000 U.S. Census, which had in turn increased by 2,531 from the 37,986 counted in the 1990 U.S. Census.\nAtlantic City served as the inspiration for the original version of the board game Monopoly. Atlantic City is located on Absecon Island on the coast of the Atlantic Ocean.\nThere were 274,549 people living in the Atlantic City–Hammonton Metropolitan Statistical Area as of the 2010 Census.\nAtlantic City was incorporated on May 1, 1854, from portions of Egg Harbor Township and Galloway Township.
/m/0336mc	Diane Kruger is a German actress and former fashion model. She is known for roles such as Helen in Troy, Dr. Abigail Chase in National Treasure and its sequel, Bridget von Hammersmark in Inglourious Basterds, Anna in Mr. Nobody, and Gina in Unknown. As of July 2013 she stars as Detective Sonya Cross in the FX television series The Bridge.
/m/0h3c3g	Club Atlético All Boys is an Argentine sports club based in Floresta, Buenos Aires. The institution is mostly known by its football team, which currently plays at the Primera División, the top division of Argentine football league system.\nOther sports practised at the club are basketball, roller skating and kick boxing.
/m/0283ph	Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex is an anime television series produced by Production I.G and based on Masamune Shirow's manga Ghost in the Shell. It was written and directed by Kenji Kamiyama, with original character design by Hajime Shimomura and a soundtrack by Yoko Kanno. The first season aired on SKY PerfecTV!'s Perfect Choice from October 2002 to October 2003 and was positively received by critics. A second season titled Ghost in the Shell: S.A.C. 2nd GIG aired on Animax from January 1, 2004 to January 8, 2005.\nThe series centers on the members of an elite cybernetic law enforcement unit known as Public Security Section 9 as they investigate cyber-crime and terrorism cases; these cases often are connected to their pursuit of an elite \"Super Class A\" hacker and corporate terrorist known as \"The Laughing Man.\" A series of associated short comic animations, titled Tachikomatic Days, aired after each episode. These shorts star the Tachikoma \"think-tanks\" from the main series, and they typically relate directly to the story of the preceding Stand Alone Complex episode.
/m/0pb33	Speed is a 1994 American action film directed by Jan de Bont. The film stars Keanu Reeves, Dennis Hopper, Sandra Bullock and Jeff Daniels. A surprise critical and commercial success, it won two Academy Awards, for Best Sound Editing and Best Sound Mixing at the 67th Academy Awards in 1995.
/m/016z4k	Singer-songwriters are musicians who write, compose and perform their own musical material including lyrics and melodies. As opposed to contemporary pop music singers who write or co-write their own songs, the term singer-songwriter describes a distinct form of artistry, closely associated with the folk-acoustic tradition. Singer-songwriters often provide the sole accompaniment to an entire composition or song, typically using a guitar or piano; both the compositions and the arrangements are written primarily as solo vehicles, with the material angled toward topical issues—sometimes political, sometimes introspective, sensitive, romantic, and confessional.\nOften, the songs written by these musicians serves not only as entertainment, but as a tool for political protest, as in the cases of the Almanac Singers, Pete Seeger, and Woody Guthrie, whose guitar was inscribed with the words, \"This machine kills fascists\".
/m/047kn_	Lyngby Boldklub is a professional Danish football club founded in 1921. It is based at Lyngby Stadion in Kongens Lyngby, Denmark. From 1994 to 2001 the club was known as Lyngby FC.
/m/018ysx	Psychobilly is a fusion genre of rock music that mixes elements of punk rock, rockabilly, and other genres. It is one of several subgenres of rockabilly which also include thrashabilly, trashabilly, punkabilly, surfabilly and gothabilly. Merriam-Webster defines it as \"music that blends punk rock and rockabilly\"; another dictionary defines it as \"loud frantic rockabilly music.\" About.com defines psychobilly as \"tak[ing] the traditional countrified rock style known as rockabilly, ramp[ing] up its speed to a sweaty pace, and combin[ing] it with punk rock and imagery lifted from horror films and late-night sci-fi schlock,...[creating a] gritty honky tonk punk rock.\" Psychobilly, \"while rooted in the twang of rockabilly, owes just as much to the sound of straight up three-chord punk, often with a dose of thrash metal.\"\nPsychobilly is often characterized by lyrical references to science fiction, horror and exploitation films, violence, lurid sexuality, and other topics generally considered taboo, though often presented in a comedic or tongue-in-cheek fashion. It is often played with an upright double bass, instead of the electric bass which is more common in modern rock music, and the hollowbody electric guitar, rather than the solid-bodied electric guitars that predominate in rock. Psychobilly gained underground popularity in Europe beginning in the early 1980s, with the UK band The Meteors, but remained largely unknown in the United States until the late 1990s. Since then the advent of several notable psychobilly bands, such as the US band Tiger Army and the Australian band The Living End, has led to its mainstream popularity and attracted international attention to the genre.
/m/016jny	Folk rock is a musical genre combining elements of folk music and rock music. In its earliest and narrowest sense, the term referred to a genre that arose in the United States and the UK around the mid-1960s. The genre was pioneered by the Los Angeles band The Byrds, who began playing traditional folk music and Bob Dylan-penned material with rock instrumentation, in a style heavily influenced by The Beatles and other British bands. The term \"folk rock\" was itself first coined by the U.S. music press to describe The Byrds' music in June 1965, the same month that the band's debut album was issued. The release of The Byrds' cover version of Dylan's \"Mr. Tambourine Man\" and its subsequent commercial success initiated the folk rock explosion of the mid-1960s. Dylan himself was also influential on the genre, particularly his recordings with an electric rock band on the Bringing It All Back Home, Highway 61 Revisited, and Blonde on Blonde albums. Dylan's July 25, 1965 appearance at the Newport Folk Festival with an electric backing band is also considered a pivotal moment in the development of folk rock.\nThe genre had its antecedents in the American folk music revival, the beat music of The Beatles and other British Invasion bands, The Animals' hit recording of the folk song \"The House of the Rising Sun\", and the folk-influenced songwriting of The Beau Brummels. In particular, the folk-influence evident in such Beatles' songs as \"I'm a Loser\" and \"You've Got to Hide Your Love Away\" was very influential on folk rock. The repertoire of most folk rock acts was drawn in part from folk sources but it was also derived from folk-influenced singer-songwriters such as Dylan. Musically, the genre was typified by clear vocal harmonies and a relatively \"clean\" approach to electric instruments, as epitomized by the jangly 12-string guitar sound of The Byrds. This jangly guitar sound was derived from the music of The Searchers and from George Harrison's use of a Rickenbacker 12-string on The Beatles' recordings during 1964 and 1965.
/m/0hkq4	County Kilkenny is a county in Ireland. It is part of the South-East Region and is also located in the province of Leinster. It is named after the city of Kilkenny. The territory of the county was the core part of the ancient Irish Kingdom of Osraige which in turn was the core of the Diocese of Ossory. Kilkenny County Council is the local authority for the county. According to the 2011 census the population of the county is 95,419.
/m/01fjw0	Wexford is the county town of County Wexford, Ireland.\nIt is near the south-eastern corner of the island of Ireland, close to Rosslare Europort. The town is linked to Dublin by the M11/N11 National Primary Route, and the national rail network. It has a population of 19,913 according to the 2011 census.
/m/0h095	Haarlem is a city and municipality in the Netherlands. It is the capital of the province of North Holland and is situated at the northern edge of the Randstad, one of the most populated metropolitan areas in Europe. Haarlem had a population of 155,000 in 2013.\nHaarlem was granted city status or stadsrechten in 1245, although the first city walls were not built until 1270. The modern city encompasses the former municipality of Schoten as well as parts that previously belonged to Bloemendaal and Heemstede. Apart from the city, the municipality of Haarlem also includes the western part of the village of Spaarndam. Newer sections of Spaarndam lie within the neighbouring municipality of Haarlemmerliede en Spaarnwoude.
/m/0971v	Beef is the culinary name for meat from bovines, especially cattle. Beef can be harvested from cows, bulls, heifers or steers.\nBeef muscle meat can be cut into steak, roasts or short ribs. Some cuts are processed, and trimmings, usually mixed with meat from older, leaner cattle, are ground, minced or used in sausages. The blood is used in some varieties of blood sausage. Other parts that are eaten include the oxtail, liver, tongue, tripe from the reticulum or rumen, glands, the heart, the brain, the liver, the kidneys, and the tender testicles of the bull. Some intestines are cooked and eaten as-is, but are more often cleaned and used as natural sausage casings. The bones are used for making beef stock.\nBeef from steers and heifers is very similar, except steers have slightly less fat and more muscle. Depending on economics, the number of heifers kept for breeding varies. Older animals are used for beef when they are past their reproductive prime. The meat from older cows and bulls is usually tougher, so it is frequently used for mince /ground beef. Cattle raised for beef may be allowed to roam free on grasslands, or may be confined at some stage in pens as part of a large feeding operation called a feedlot, where they are usually fed a ration of grain, protein, roughage and a vitamin/mineral preblend.
/m/03176f	Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is a 2001 fantasy film directed by Chris Columbus and distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures. It is based on the novel of the same name by J. K. Rowling. The film, which is the first instalment in the Harry Potter film series, was written by Steve Kloves and produced by David Heyman. The story follows Harry Potter's first year at Hogwarts as he discovers that he is a famous wizard and begins his magical education. The film stars Daniel Radcliffe as Harry Potter, with Rupert Grint and Emma Watson as Harry's best friends Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger. It is followed by seven sequels with the first being Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets.\nWarner Bros. bought the film rights to the book in 1999 for a reported £1 million. Production began in the United Kingdom in 2000, with Columbus being chosen to create the film from a short list of directors that included Steven Spielberg and Rob Reiner. J. K. Rowling insisted that the entire cast be British or Irish, in keeping with the cultural integrity of the book. The film was shot at Leavesden Film Studios and historic buildings around the U.K.
/m/03f4n1	The Crown of Aragon was a composite monarchy, also nowadays referred to as a confederation of individual polities or kingdoms ruled by one king with a personal and dynastic union of the Kingdom of Aragon and the county of Barcelona. At the height of its power in the 14th and 15th centuries, the Crown of Aragon was a thalassocracy controlling a large portion of the present-day eastern Spain and southwestern France, as well as some of the major islands and mainland possessions stretching across the Mediterranean as far as Greece. The component realms of the Crown were not united politically except at the level of the king, who ruled over each autonomous polity according to its own laws, raising funds under each tax structure, dealing separately with each cortes. Put in contemporary terms, it has sometimes been considered that the different lands of the Crown of Aragon functioned more as a confederacy of cultures rather than as a single country. In this sense, the larger Crown of Aragon must not be confused with one of its constituent parts, the Kingdom of Aragon, from which it takes its name.
/m/0147jt	Michael Whitaker Smith is an American contemporary Christian musician, who has charted primarily in the contemporary Christian and occasionally in the mainstream charts. His biggest success in mainstream music was in 1991 when \"Place in this World\" hit No. 6 on the Billboard Hot 100. Smith is a three-time Grammy Award winner, and has earned 40 Dove Awards. Over the course of his career, he has sold more than 13 million albums and recorded 29 No. 1 Hit songs, fourteen gold albums, and five platinum albums. Smith is an American Music Award recipient; he was also named one of People magazine's \"Most Beautiful People\". He has also published 12 books including This is Your Time, which he worked with Christian author Gary Thomas to write.
/m/05r9t	Popular music belongs to any of a number of musical genres \"having wide appeal\" and is typically distributed to large audiences through the music industry. It stands in contrast to both art music and traditional music, which are typically disseminated academically or orally to smaller, local audiences. The original application of the term is to music of the 1880s Tin Pan Alley period in the United States. Although popular music sometimes is known as \"pop music,\" the two terms are not interchangeable. Popular music is a generic term for music of all ages that appeals to popular tastes, whereas pop music usually refers to a specific musical genre.
/m/016kv6	Salvador is a 1986 war drama film written by Oliver Stone and Richard Boyle, and directed by Stone. It stars James Woods, James Belushi, and Michael Murphy, with John Savage, Elpidia Carrillo, and Cynthia Gibb in supporting roles.\nThe film tells the story of an American journalist covering the Salvadoran Civil War who becomes entangled with both leftist guerrillas and the right wing military. The film is sympathetic towards the left wing revolutionaries and strongly critical of the U.S.-supported death squads, focusing on their murder of four American churchwomen, including Jean Donovan, and their assassination of Archbishop Óscar Romero.\nThe film was nominated for two Academy Awards: Best Actor in a Leading Role and Best Writing, Screenplay Written Directly for the Screen.
/m/0yl_w	Lady Margaret Hall is one of the constituent colleges of the University of Oxford in England, located at the end of Norham Gardens in north Oxford. As of 2006 the college had an estimated financial endowment of £34m.\nLady Margaret Hall was founded in 1878 as the first women's college in Oxford and did not accept men until 1979. Lady Margaret Hall accepts both undergraduate and graduate students. It is currently ranked 30th in Oxford's Norrington Table.
/m/04mrjs	Adelaide United FC is a professional soccer club based in Adelaide, South Australia, Australia. It participates in the A-League as the sole team from the state of South Australia. The club's home ground is Hindmarsh Stadium. The club was founded in 2003 to fill the place vacated by Adelaide City in the former National Soccer League. Adelaide United were premiers in the inaugural 2005–06 A-League season, finishing 7 points clear of the rest of the competition, before finishing 3rd in the finals, The Reds were also Grand Finalists in the 2006–07 and 2008–09 seasons, but failed to win either of the grand finals.\nThe 2009–10 season proved to be a disaster as the club's poor form continued throughout the season with the club ending the season at the bottom of the premiership table for the first time since inception. As of 2012, Adelaide is the only A-League club to be present at the AFC Champions League on four occasions, and progressing past the group stage on three occasions, making them the most successful Australian club in Asia. Adelaide United hold the record for the largest win in an A-League game and the most goals scored in one game. Adelaide defeated North Queensland Fury eight goals to one at Hindmarsh Stadium on 21 January 2011 in front of 10,829 fans. The team was also the first in the league to host two hattricks – one to Marcos Flores and the other to Sergio van Dijk.
/m/0d_wms	Superman II: The Richard Donner Cut is a 2006 American superhero film directed by Richard Donner. It is a re-edited director's cut of the 1980 theatrical version of Superman II, directed by Richard Lester, and serves as an alternate sequel to the 1978 film Superman. The film stars Gene Hackman, Christopher Reeve, and Marlon Brando in original footage filmed by Donner in 1977. The cut was supervised by Donner, creative consultant Tom Mankiewicz, and Michael Thau, an editor who worked with Donner on the 2001 DVD director's cut and restoration of the 1978 film Superman.\nUnlike many \"special edition\" and \"director's cuts\" released over the years, Superman II: The Richard Donner Cut is a very different film, despite both versions following roughly the same storyline. As much as half of the film contains never-before seen material filmed by Donner, including 15 minutes of Marlon Brando scenes as Superman's father Jor-El as well as numerous new Christopher Reeve and Margot Kidder scenes. Some of this \"new\" material has appeared in earlier extended television cuts. Some of the existing scenes were also replaced with alternative takes or footage from different camera angles. There are also several newly filmed shots and many new visual effects. Richard Donner is credited as director of the film instead of Richard Lester. More than half of Lester's footage filmed for Superman II has been removed from the film and replaced with Donner footage shot during the original principal photography from 1977. Certain footage filmed by Richard Lester remains in sequences that were not shot by Donner for purposes of story cohesion. As a result, approximately 83% of the footage in the film is Donner's footage.
/m/0c4b8	The Union of South Africa is the historic predecessor to the present-day Republic of South Africa. It came into being on 31 May 1910 with the unification of four previously separate British colonies: Cape Colony, Natal Colony, Transvaal Colony and Orange River Colony. Following World War I, the Union of South Africa was granted the administration of the German South-West Africa colony as a League of Nations mandate and it became treated in most respects as if it were another province of the Union.\nThe Union of South Africa was founded as a dominion of the British Empire. It was governed under a form of constitutional monarchy, with the British monarch represented by a governor-general. The Union came to an end when the 1961 constitution was enacted. On 31 May 1961 the nation became a republic, under the name of the 'Republic of South Africa'.
/m/0rydq	Columbus is a city in and the county seat of Muscogee County, Georgia, United States, with which it is consolidated. According to the most recent U.S. Census estimates, the city has surpassed the city of Augusta to become Georgia's second largest city with a population of 198,413, while the larger Columbus-Phenix City Metropolitan Area counts 310,531. It joins with the nearby Alabama cities of Auburn and Opelika to form the Columbus-Auburn-Opelika Combined Statistical Area, which had a 2012 population of 491,852. Situated at the heart of the Chattahoochee Valley, Columbus is the fourth largest metropolitan area in the state.\nColumbus lies 100 miles southwest of Atlanta. Fort Benning, a major employer, is located south of the city in Chattahoochee County. The city is home to museums and other tourism sites. The area is served by the Columbus Airport. The current mayor is Teresa Tomlinson, who was elected in November 2010. In 2007, Best Life Magazine ranked Columbus #4 on the Top 100 Places To Raise A Family.
/m/0jmwg	Hardcore punk is a punk rock music genre and subculture that originated in the late 1970s. Hardcore music is generally faster, heavier, and more abrasive than regular punk rock. The origin of the term \"hardcore punk\" is uncertain. The Vancouver-based band D.O.A. may have helped to popularize the term with the title of their 1981 album, Hardcore '81. Hardcore historian Steven Blush said that the term \"hardcore\" is also a reference to the sense of being \"fed up\" with the existing punk and new wave music. Blush also states that the term refers to \"an extreme: the absolute most Punk.\" One definition of the genre is \"a form of exceptionally harsh punk rock.\"\nHardcore has spawned the straight edge movements, whose adherents refrain from using alcohol, tobacco, and other recreational drugs, and its associated submovements, hardline and youth crew. Hardcore was heavily involved with the rise of the independent record labels in the 1980s, and with the DIY ethics in underground music scenes. It has influenced a number of music genres which have experienced mainstream success, such as alternative rock, grunge, alternative metal, metalcore, thrash metal, post-hardcore, and hip-hop.
/m/0m5pn	Fujian, formerly romanised as Fukien or Foukien, is a province on the southeast coast of mainland China. Fujian is bordered by Zhejiang to the north, Jiangxi to the west, and Guangdong to the south. Taiwan lies to the east, across the Taiwan Strait. The name Fujian came from the combination of Fuzhou and Jianzhou two cities in Fujian, during the Tang Dynasty. With a Han majority, it is one of the most culturally and linguistically diverse provinces in China.\nMost of Fujian is administered by the People's Republic of China. However, the archipelagos of Kinmen, Matsu, and Liuchu are under the control of the Republic of China. Thus, there are two provinces: the Fujian Province administered by the People's Republic of China and the Fujian Province of the Republic of China.
/m/0bsl6	Suva is the capital and the second most populated municipality of Fiji, after Nasinu. It is on the southeast coast of the island of Viti Levu, in the Rewa Province, Central Division. In 1877, it was decided to make Suva the capital of Fiji when the geography of former main European settlement at Levuka on the island of Ovalau proved too restrictive. The administration of the colony was moved from Levuka to Suva in 1882.\nSuva is Fiji's political and administrative capital. It is the largest and the most cosmopolitan city in the South Pacific and has become an important regional centre; students from the Pacific region and a growing expatriate community make up a significant portion of the city's population. Under authority of local government act Suva is governed and administratively looked after by Suva City Council.\nAt the 2007 census, the city of Suva had a population of 85,691. Including independent suburbs, the population of the Greater Suva urban area was 172,399 at the 2007 census. Suva, along with the bordering cities of Lami, Nasinu, and Nausori have a total urban population of around 330,000, over a third of the nation's population. This urban complex is known also as the Suva–Nausori corridor.
/m/0g5gq	Methionine is an α-amino acid with the chemical formula HO2CCHCH2CH2SCH3. This essential amino acid is classified as nonpolar. This amino-acid is coded by the initiation codon AUG which indicates mRNA's coding region where translation into protein begins.
/m/01wg982	Rob Zombie is an American musician, film director, screenwriter and film producer. He rose to prominence as a founding member of the band White Zombie which formed in the mid-1980s and rose to fame in the early 1990s. As a solo artist, he has released five studio albums, five compilation albums, and a live album. He expanded his career and became a director, and has directed a total of six films, the majority of which he also wrote or co-wrote. He has also released numerous brands of comic books, and appeared as an actor on numerous occasions.\nWhite Zombie's debut album, Soul-Crusher, was released in 1987 and was followed by their second album Make Them Die Slowly in 1989. They rose to prominence after the success of their third album, La Sexorcisto: Devil Music, Vol. 1, and its lead single \"Thunder Kiss '65\" in 1993. The album went on to be certified multi-platinum by the RIAA, for sales exceeding two million copies in the US. Their fourth and final studio album, Astro-Creep: 2000, became their first top-10 entry on the Billboard 200, and their second album to reach multi-platinum status. Zombie began his solo career with the release of his 1998 debut album Hellbilly Deluxe. The album was both a critical and commercial success, spawning three hit singles, reaching the Top 5 of the Billboard 200, and selling over three million copies worldwide. Hellbilly is Zombie's highest selling album to date. He followed the success of the album with The Sinister Urge in 2001, which had similar success to that of its predecessor. Zombie's first greatest hits album, Past, Present & Future, was released in 2003, and reached Platinum status by the RIAA. His third studio album, Educated Horses, was released in 2006, and was his third Top 10 entry on the Billboard 200. In 2010, he released Hellbilly Deluxe 2, calling it a companion to his debut album. His fifth album, Venomous Rat Regeneration Vendor, was released on April 23, 2013.
/m/04qftx	Celtic rock is a genre of folk rock and a form of Celtic fusion which incorporates Celtic music, instrumentation and themes into a rock music context. It has been extremely prolific since the early 1970s and can be seen as a key foundation of the development of highly successful mainstream Celtic bands and popular musical performers, as well as creating important derivatives through further fusions. It has played a major role in the maintenance and definition of regional and national identities and in fostering a pan-Celtic culture. It has also helped to communicate those cultures to external audiences.
/m/07jqvw	The Perkin Medal is an award given annually by the American section of the Society of Chemical Industry to a scientist residing in America for an \"innovation in applied chemistry resulting in outstanding commercial development.\" It is considered the highest honor given in the US industrial chemical industry.\nThe Perkin Medal was first granted in 1906 to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the discovery of mauveine, the world's first synthetic aniline dye, by Sir William Henry Perkin, an English chemist. The award was given to Sir William on the occasion of his famous visit to the United States in the year before he died. It was next given in 1908 and has been given every year since then.
/m/03p41	The human immunodeficiency virus is a lentivirus that causes the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome, a condition in humans in which progressive failure of the immune system allows life-threatening opportunistic infections and cancers to thrive. Infection with HIV occurs by the transfer of blood, semen, vaginal fluid, pre-ejaculate, or breast milk. Within these bodily fluids, HIV is present as both free virus particles and virus within infected immune cells.\nHIV infects vital cells in the human immune system such as helper T cells, macrophages, and dendritic cells. HIV infection leads to low levels of CD4+ T cells through a number of mechanisms including: apoptosis of uninfected bystander cells, direct viral killing of infected cells, and killing of infected CD4+ T cells by CD8 cytotoxic lymphocytes that recognize infected cells. When CD4+ T cell numbers decline below a critical level, cell-mediated immunity is lost, and the body becomes progressively more susceptible to opportunistic infections.
/m/07s9rl0	Drama in entertainment media is a genre involved usually with in the depiction of realistic characters and emotional themes. Dramatic themes may include alcoholism, drug addiction, infidelity, moral dilemmas, racial prejudice, religious intolerance, poverty, class divisions, violence against women and corruption put the characters in conflict with themselves, others, society and even natural phenomena. Drama is one of the most broad of genres and includes many subgenres such as as romantic drama, period drama, courtroom drama and crime drama.
/m/0nh1v	Saint Louis County is a county located in the U.S. state of Minnesota. As of the 2010 census, the population was 200,226. Its county seat is Duluth. It is the largest county by total area in Minnesota, and the second largest in the United States east of the Mississippi River; in land area alone, after Aroostook County, Maine. Major industries include pulpwood production and tourism. Surface mining of high-grade iron-ore remains an important part of the economy of the Iron Range. Parts of the Bois Forte and Fond du Lac Indian reservations are in the county.
/m/0br1x_	The 2008 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament involved 65 schools playing in a single-elimination tournament to determine the national champion of men's NCAA Division I college basketball as a culmination of the 2007–08 basketball season. It began on March 18, 2008, and concluded on April 7 at the Alamodome in San Antonio, Texas.\nFor the first time since seeding began, all four of the top seeds advanced to the Final Four. These were Memphis, the overall top seed and winner of the South region, UCLA, the winner of the West region making their third consecutive Final Four appearance, Kansas, the winner of the Midwest region, and North Carolina, back in the Final Four for the first time since their 2005 national championship.\nMemphis and Kansas advanced to the national championship game, with Memphis' victory in the semifinals giving them a record setting 38 for the season beating the mark set by Duke in 1999. Kansas, however, spoiled their national championship hopes by handing the Tigers their second loss of the season by winning the game in overtime, 75-68. Memphis' entire season was later vacated by the NCAA due to eligibility concerns surrounding freshman guard Derrick Rose.
/m/05b_gq	Swept Away is a 2002 romantic comedy film directed by Guy Ritchie and starring Madonna, Adriano Giannini, and Bruce Greenwood. It was released by Screen Gems and produced by Matthew Vaughn. The film is a remake of Lina Wertmüller's 1974 film of the same name. It was a critical and box office failure.
/m/027zz	David Andrew Leo Fincher is an American film director and music video director. Fincher was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Director for his 2008 film The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and his 2010 film The Social Network. For The Social Network, Fincher won the Golden Globe Award for Best Director and the BAFTA Award for Best Direction. His most recent film is 2011's The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, an English-language adaptation of Stieg Larsson's novel of the same name.
/m/0fbdb	Fragaria is a genus of flowering plants in the rose family, Rosaceae, commonly known as strawberries for their edible fruits. There are more than 20 described species and many hybrids and cultivars. The most common strawberries grown commercially are cultivars of the garden strawberry, a hybrid known as Fragaria × ananassa. Strawberries have a taste that varies by cultivar, and ranges from quite sweet to rather tart. Strawberries are an important commercial fruit crop, widely grown in all temperate regions of the world.
/m/0ty_b	Beverly is a city in Essex County, Massachusetts, United States. The population was 39,502 at the 2010 census.\nA resort, residential, and manufacturing community on the Massachusetts North Shore, Beverly includes Beverly Farms and Prides Crossing. Beverly is a rival of Marblehead for the title of being the birthplace of the U.S. Navy.
/m/02xwgr	Elliott Gould is an American actor. He began acting in Hollywood films during the 1960s, and has remained prolific ever since. Some of his most notable films include M*A*S*H, The Long Goodbye, and Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice, for which he received a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor. In recent years, he has starred in a recurring role as Jack Geller on Friends and as Reuben Tishkoff in Ocean's Eleven, Ocean's Twelve, and Ocean's Thirteen.
/m/0br1xn	The 2007 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament involved 65 NCAA schools playing in a single-elimination tournament to determine the national champion of men's NCAA Division I college basketball as a culmination of the 2006–07 basketball season. Team selections were announced on March 11, 2007, and the tournament began on March 13, 2007, with the play-in game between Florida A&M and Niagara, and concluded with the championship game on April 2, 2007 at the Georgia Dome in Atlanta, Georgia.\nBoth of the finalists from the year before returned to the Final Four as Florida, who was returning its entire starting lineup from the year before, and UCLA advanced. They were joined by Ohio State, who was making its first appearance since their 2000 appearance, and Georgetown, appearing for the first time since their national runner-up finish in 1985.\nFlorida defeated Ohio State in the final game 84-75 to win their second consecutive championship. This marked the second time in 2007 that a Florida team beat an Ohio State team to win a national championship, as Florida's football team won the BCS National Championship Game over Ohio State in January.\nFlorida's Corey Brewer was named the Most Outstanding Player. Florida became the first team to repeat since the 1991-92 Duke Blue Devils.
/m/059xnf	Mark Addy Johnson is an English actor, best known for his roles as Detective Constable Gary Boyle in the British sitcom The Thin Blue Line, Dave in the film The Full Monty, father Bill Miller in the US sitcom Still Standing, King Robert Baratheon in the HBO medieval fantasy epic Game of Thrones and Hercules in the British fantasy drama series Atlantis.
/m/01qncf	Drugstore Cowboy is a 1989 American crime drama film directed by Gus Van Sant and written by Van Sant and Daniel Yost, based on an autobiographical novel by James Fogle. Matt Dillon stars in the title role, and Kelly Lynch, Heather Graham, and William S. Burroughs are also featured. It was Van Sant's breakthrough picture.\nAt the time the film was made, the source novel by Fogle was unpublished. It was later published in 1990, by which time Fogle had been released from prison. Fogle, like the characters in his story, was a long-time drug user and dealer.
/m/0sg6b	Rock Island is a city in and the county seat of Rock Island County, Illinois, United States. The population is about 40,000. Located on the Mississippi River, it is one of the Quad Cities, along with neighboring Moline, East Moline, and the Iowa cities of Davenport and Bettendorf. The Quad Cities has a population of about 380,000. The city is home to Rock Island Arsenal, the largest government-owned weapons manufacturing arsenal in the US, which employs 6,000 people.\nThe original Rock Island, from which the city gets its name, is the largest island in the Mississippi River. It is now called Arsenal Island.
/m/03t5n3	The Grammy Award for Best Rap Song is an honor presented at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards, to recording artists for quality songs in the rap music genre. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position\".\nThe award was first presented to Eminem along with Jeff Bass and Luis Resto for the song \"Lose Yourself\" from the soundtrack 8 Mile in 2004. According to the 54th Grammy Awards description guide, the award honors the songwriter of new songs or songs \"first achieving prominence during the period of eligibility\". Songs containing prominent samples may be eligible.\nKanye West holds the records for the most wins and nominations in this category, having won six times out of nine nominations. He is followed by Jay-Z with three wins and six nominations. No further songwriters have won this category more than once. T.I. holds the record for most nominations without a win with four.
/m/0537b	Motorola, Inc. was an American multinational telecommunications company based in Schaumburg, Illinois. After having lost $4.3 billion from 2007 to 2009, the company was divided into two independent public companies, Motorola Mobility and Motorola Solutions on January 4, 2011. Motorola Solutions is generally considered to be the direct successor to Motorola, Inc., as the reorganization was structured with Motorola Mobility being spun off.\nMotorola designed and sold wireless network infrastructure equipment such as cellular transmission base stations and signal amplifiers. Motorola's home and broadcast network products included set-top boxes, digital video recorders, and network equipment used to enable video broadcasting, computer telephony, and high-definition television. Its business and government customers consisted mainly of wireless voice and broadband systems, and, public safety communications systems like Astro and Dimetra. These businesses are now part of Motorola Solutions. Google sold Motorola Home to Arris in 2012.\nMotorola's wireless telephone handset division was a pioneer in cellular telephones. Also known as the Personal Communication Sector prior to 2004, it pioneered the \"flip phone\" with the MicroTAC as well as the \"clam phone\" with the StarTAC in the mid-1990s. It had staged a resurgence by the mid-2000s with the RAZR, but lost market share in the second half of that decade. Later it focused on smartphones using Google's open-source Android mobile operating system. The first phone to use the newest version of Google's open source OS, Android 2.0, was released on November 2, 2009 as the Motorola Droid. The handset division was later spun off into the independent Motorola Mobility. On May 22, 2012, Google CEO Larry Page announced that Google closed on its deal to acquire Motorola Mobility. On January 29, 2014, Google CEO Larry Page announced that pending closure of the deal, Motorola Mobility would be acquired by Chinese technology company Lenovo for US$2.91 billion.
/m/07y9k	The Union of European Football Associations is the administrative body for association football in Europe and, partially, Asia. It is one of six continental confederations of world football's governing body FIFA. UEFA consists of fifty-four national association members.\nUEFA represents the national football associations of Europe, runs nation and club competitions including the UEFA European Championship, UEFA Champions League, UEFA Europa League, and UEFA Super Cup, and controls the prize money, regulations, and media rights to those competitions.\nUEFA was founded on 15 June 1954 in Basel, Switzerland after consultation between the Italian, French, and Belgian associations. Initially, the European football union consisted of 25 members which number doubled by the early 1990s. UEFA membership coincides for the most part with recognition as a sovereign country in Europe, although there some exceptions. Some micro states, are not members. Some UEFA members are not sovereign states, but form part of a larger recognised sovereign state in the context of international law. Examples include England and Scotland, or the Faroe Islands, however in the context of these countries government functions concerning sport tend to be carried at the territorial level coterminous with the UEFA member entity. Some UEFA members are transcontinental states,. Several Asian countries were also admitted to the European football association, particularly Israel and Kazakhstan, which had been members of the Asian football association. Additionally some UEFA member associations allow teams from outside their association's main territory to take part in their \"domestic\" competition. AS Monaco, for example, takes part in the French League, and Cardiff City participates in the English League,.
/m/0fnm3	Georgetown is the capital and largest city of Guyana, located in the Demerara-Mahaica region. It is situated on the Atlantic Ocean coast at the mouth of the Demerara River and it was nicknamed 'Garden City of the Caribbean.' Georgetown is located at 6°48′N 58°10′W﻿ / ﻿6.800°N 58.167°W. The city serves primarily as a retail and administrative centre. It also serves as a financial services centre. The estimated population by the 2002 Guyana census was 239,227 inhabitants.
/m/0h3mh3q	American Horror Story is a 2011 horror drama TV series directed by Ryan Murphy.
/m/0r111	Torrance is a city incorporated in 1921 and located in the South Bay region of Los Angeles County, California, United States. Torrance has 1.5 miles of beaches on the Pacific Ocean, which are quieter and less well known by tourists than others on the Santa Monica Bay, such as those of neighboring Redondo Beach and Manhattan Beach. Torrance enjoys a moderate year-round climate with warm temperatures, sea breezes, low humidity and an average rainfall of 12.55 inches per year.\nThe population of Torrance was 145,438 at the 2010 census. This residential and light high-tech industries city has 90,000 street trees and 30 city parks. Known for its low crime rates, the city consistently ranks among the safest cities in Los Angeles County. Torrance is the birthplace of the AYSO – American Youth Soccer Organization. In addition, the city of Torrance has the second highest percentage of Japanese in North America.
/m/03j90	Hans Christian Andersen was a Danish author and poet. Although a prolific writer of plays, travelogues, novels, and poems, Andersen is best remembered for his fairy tales. Andersen's popularity is not limited to children; his stories—called eventyr, or \"fairy-tales\"—express themes that transcend age and nationality.\nAndersen's fairy tales, which have been translated into more than 125 languages, have become culturally embedded in the West's collective consciousness, readily accessible to children, but presenting lessons of virtue and resilience in the face of adversity for mature readers as well. They have inspired plays, ballets, and both live-action and animated films.
/m/0g5y6	Hungarians, also known as Magyars, are a nation and ethnic group who speak Hungarian and are primarily associated with Hungary. There are around 13.1–14.7 million Hungarians, of whom 8.5–9.8 million live in today's Hungary. At least 2.2 million Hungarians live in areas that were part of the Kingdom of Hungary before the 1918–1920 dissolution of the Austro-Hungarian Monarchy and the Treaty of Trianon, and are now parts of Hungary's seven neighbouring countries, especially Romania, Slovakia, Serbia and Ukraine. Significant groups of people with Hungarian ancestry live in various other parts of the world, most of them in the United States, Canada, France, Germany, the United Kingdom, Brazil, Australia, Chile, and Argentina. Hungarians can be classified into several subgroups according to local linguistic and cultural characteristics; subgroups with distinct identities include the Székely, the Csángó, the Palóc, and the Jassic people.
/m/0hkqn	Lockheed Martin is an American global aerospace, defense, security, and advanced technology company with worldwide interests. It was formed by the merger of Lockheed Corporation with Martin Marietta in March 1995. It is headquartered in Bethesda, Maryland, in the Washington Metropolitan Area. Lockheed Martin employs 116,000 people worldwide. Marillyn Hewson is the current president and Chief Executive Officer.\nLockheed Martin is one of the world's largest defense contractors; In 2009, 74% of Lockheed Martin's revenues came from military sales. It received 7.1% of the funds paid out by the Pentagon.\nLockheed Martin operates in five business segments. These comprise Aeronautics, Information Systems & Global Solutions, Missile and Fire Control, Mission Systems and Training, and Space Systems. In 2009 US Government contracts accounted for $38.4 billion, foreign government contracts $5.8 billion, and commercial and other contracts for $900 million. In both 2009 and 2008 the company topped the list of US Federal Contractors.\nThe company has received the Collier Trophy six times, in 2001 for being part of developing the X-35/F-35B LiftFan Propulsion System, and most recently in 2006 for leading the team that developed the F-22 Raptor fighter jet. Lockheed Martin is currently developing the F-35 Lightning II.
/m/025cn2	Paul Francis Webster was an American lyricist who won three Academy Awards for Best Song and was nominated sixteen times for the award.
/m/05x8n	Poul William Anderson was an American science fiction author who began his career during one of the Golden Ages of the genre and continued to write and remain popular into the 21st century. Anderson also authored several works of fantasy, historical novels, and a prodigious number of short stories. He received numerous awards for his writing, including seven Hugo Awards and three Nebula Awards.
/m/0mnzd	Fairfax is an independent city in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 22,565. Although it an enclave of Fairfax County, the two are separate political entities.\nSituated in the Northern Virginia region, Fairfax forms part of the Washington Metropolitan Area.\nIn May 2009, Fairfax was ranked No. 3 in the \"Top 25 Places to Live Well\" by Forbes Magazine. Forbes commended Fairfax for its strong public school system, high median salary, and a rate of sole proprietors per capita that ranks it in the top 1% nationwide.
/m/07t58	The United States Senate is a legislative chamber in the bicameral legislature of the United States of America, and together with the U.S. House of Representatives makes up the U.S. Congress. First convened in 1789, the composition and powers of the Senate are established in Article One of the U.S. Constitution. Each U.S. state is represented by two senators, regardless of population, who serve staggered six-year terms. The chamber of the United States Senate is located in the north wing of the Capitol, in Washington, D.C., the national capital. The House of Representatives convenes in the south wing of the same building.\nThe Senate has several exclusive powers not granted to the House, including consenting to treaties as a precondition to their ratification and consenting to or confirming appointments of Cabinet secretaries, federal judges, other federal executive officials, military officers, regulatory officials, ambassadors, and other federal uniformed officers, as well as trial of federal officials impeached by the House. The Senate is both a more deliberative and more prestigious body than the House of Representatives, due to its longer terms, smaller size, and statewide constituencies, which historically led to a more collegial and less partisan atmosphere.
/m/03v36	Iain Banks was a Scottish author. He wrote mainstream fiction under the name Iain Banks, and science fiction as Iain M. Banks, including the initial of his adopted middle name Menzies.\nFollowing the publication and success of The Wasp Factory, Banks began to write on a full-time basis. His first science fiction book, Consider Phlebas, was released in 1987, marking the start of the popular The Culture series. His books have been adapted for theatre, radio and television. In 2008, The Times named Banks in their list of \"The 50 greatest British writers since 1945\". In April 2013, Banks announced that he had inoperable cancer and was unlikely to live beyond a year. He died on 9 June 2013.
/m/01669t	Hunan is a province of the People's Republic of China, located in the south-central part of the country to the south of the middle reaches of the Yangtze River and south of Lake Dongting. Hunan is sometimes called and officially abbreviated as \"湘\" for short, after the Xiang River which runs through the province.\nHunan borders Hubei in the north, Jiangxi to the east, Guangdong to the southeast, Guangxi to the southwest, Guizhou to the west, and Chongqing to the northwest. The capital is Changsha.
/m/0498yf	FC Lokomotiv Moscow is a Russian football club based in Moscow. Lokomotiv Moscow won the Russian Premier League two times and the Russian Cup five times.\nLokomotiv won the Russian Premier League in 2002 and in 2004, the USSR Cup in 1936 and 1957, and the Russian Cup in 1996, 1997, 2000, 2001 and 2007. The club was the runner-up in 1959, 1995, 1999, 2000 and 2001, and finished third in 1994, 1998, 2005 and 2006. Lokomotiv was the Russian Super Cup holder in 2003 and 2005.
/m/014g9y	Julie Delpy is a French-American actress, director, screenwriter, and singer-songwriter. She studied filmmaking at New York University's Tisch School of the Arts and has directed, written, and acted in more than 30 films, including Europa Europa, The Voyager, Three Colors: White, Before Sunrise, Before Sunset, 2 Days in Paris, and Before Midnight. She has been nominated for three César Awards, two Online Film Critics Society Awards, and two Academy Awards. After moving to the United States in 1990, she became an American citizen in 2001.
/m/0qmfk	Tess is a 1979 romance film directed by Roman Polanski, an adaptation of Thomas Hardy's 1891 novel Tess of the d'Urbervilles. It tells the story of a strong-willed, young peasant girl who finds out she has title connections by way of her old aristocratic surname and who is raped by her wealthy cousin, whose right to the family title may not be as strong as he claims. The screenplay was by Gérard Brach, John Brownjohn, and Roman Polanski. The film won three Academy Awards and was nominated for three more.
/m/032r4n	Columbia College is the oldest undergraduate college at Columbia University, situated on the university's main campus in Morningside Heights in the borough of Manhattan in New York City. It was founded in 1754 by the Church of England as King's College, receiving a Royal Charter from King George II of Great Britain. Columbia College is the oldest institution of higher learning in the state of New York and the fifth oldest in the United States. The college is highly selective in its admissions. For the class of 2015, the college accepted 6.4% of its applicants, the second lowest acceptance rate in the Ivy League and in the country, behind Harvard.
/m/01jgpsh	Tracey Ullman is an English stage and television actress, comedian, singer, dancer, director, author, and screenwriter of dual British and American citizenship.\nHer early appearances were on British TV sketch comedy shows A Kick Up the Eighties and Three of a Kind. After a brief but high-profile singing career, she appeared as Candice Valentine in Girls on Top with Dawn French and Jennifer Saunders.\nShe emigrated from the United Kingdom to the US and created her own network television series, The Tracey Ullman Show, from 1987 until 1990. She later produced programmes for HBO, including Tracey Takes On..., for which she won numerous awards. She has also appeared in several feature films. Ullman's most recent sketch comedy series, Tracey Ullman's State of the Union, ran from 2008 to 2010 on Showtime.
/m/0170s4	Woodrow Tracy \"Woody\" Harrelson is an American actor and activist. His breakout role came in the television sitcom Cheers as bartender Woody Boyd. Some notable film characters include basketball hustler Billy Hoyle in White Men Can't Jump, a crippled bowler in Kingpin, serial killer Mickey Knox in Natural Born Killers, magazine publisher Larry Flynt in The People vs. Larry Flynt, country singer Dusty in A Prairie Home Companion, bounty hunter Carson Wells in No Country for Old Men, zombie killer Tallahassee in Zombieland, blind piano player/meat salesman Ezra Turner in Seven Pounds, conspiracy nut Charlie Frost in 2012, a delusional man who believes he is a superhero named Defendor in Defendor, Cpt. Tony Stone in The Messenger, Haymitch Abernathy in The Hunger Games, and Merritt McKinney in Now You See Me. For The People vs. Larry Flynt and The Messenger, Harrelson earned Academy Award nominations for Best Actor and Best Supporting Actor, respectively. He is currently a co-star in the 2014 HBO crime drama True Detective, along with Matthew McConaughey.
/m/0tk02	Lake Charles is the fifth-largest incorporated city in the U.S. state of Louisiana, located on Lake Charles, Prien Lake, and the Calcasieu River. Founded in 1861 in Calcasieu Parish, it is a major cultural, industrial, and educational center in the southwest region of the state, and one of the most important in Acadiana.\nAs of the 2010 census, the population was 71,993. Lake Charles is the principal city of the Lake Charles Metropolitan Statistical Area, having a population of 194,138. It is the larger principal city of the Lake Charles-Jennings Combined Statistical Area, with a population of 225,235. A 2010 population estimate of the five parish area was over 292,619.\nIt is considered a major center of petrochemical refining, tourism, gaming, and education, being home to McNeese State University and Sowela Technical Community College. Because of the lakes and waterways throughout the city, metropolitan Lake Charles is often referred to as the Lake Area.
/m/0hgqq	John Milton Cage Jr. was an American composer, music theorist, writer, and artist. A pioneer of indeterminacy in music, electroacoustic music, and non-standard use of musical instruments, Cage was one of the leading figures of the post-war avant-garde. Critics have lauded him as one of the most influential American composers of the 20th century. He was also instrumental in the development of modern dance, mostly through his association with choreographer Merce Cunningham, who was also Cage's romantic partner for most of their lives.\nCage is perhaps best known for his 1952 composition 4′33″, which is performed in the absence of deliberate sound; musicians who present the work do nothing aside from being present for the duration specified by the title. The content of the composition is not \"four minutes and 33 seconds of silence,\" as is sometimes assumed, but rather the sounds of the environment heard by the audience during performance. The work's challenge to assumed definitions about musicianship and musical experience made it a popular and controversial topic both in musicology and the broader aesthetics of art and performance. Cage was also a pioneer of the prepared piano, for which he wrote numerous dance-related works and a few concert pieces. The best known of these is Sonatas and Interludes.
/m/04grdgy	The 2008 Toronto International Film Festival, was held in Toronto, Canada. This 33rd annual festival was from September 4 to September 13, 2008. The opening night gala was the World War I romantic epic Passchendaele from Canadian director Paul Gross.
/m/0431v3	Weeds is an American dark comedy-drama series created by Jenji Kohan and produced by Tilted Productions in association with Lionsgate Television. The central character is Nancy Botwin, a widowed mother of two boys who begins selling cannabis to support her family after her husband dies suddenly of a heart attack. Over the course of the show, she and her family become increasingly entangled in illegal activities.\nThe first three seasons take place primarily in the fictional town of Agrestic, California. During seasons four and five, the Botwins reside in the fictional beach side town of Ren Mar in San Diego County, California. In the sixth season, the family relocates to Seattle, Washington, and then Dearborn, Michigan. In between seasons six and seven, Nancy serves a prison sentence in Connecticut while her sons and brother-in-law live in Copenhagen, Denmark. At the beginning of season seven, Nancy moves into a halfway house in New York City where she reunites with her family. They live in Manhattan for the duration of the season, but relocate to Connecticut in the season seven finale and throughout season eight.\nThe show debuted on the Showtime cable network on August 7, 2005, earning the channel's highest ratings. The series ended with the eighth and final season on September 16, 2012. In 2012, TV Guide Network bought the airing rights, providing an edited version of the show free of charge. The show has received numerous awards, including two Satellite Awards, one Golden Globe Award, a Writers Guild of America Award, a Young Artist Award, and two Emmy Awards.
/m/03d9wk	Hayley Mills is an English actress. The daughter of Sir John Mills and Mary Hayley Bell, and younger sister of actress Juliet Mills, Mills began her acting career as a child and was hailed as a promising newcomer, winning the BAFTA Award for Most Promising Newcomer for Tiger Bay, the Academy Juvenile Award for Pollyanna and Golden Globe Award for New Star of the Year – Actress in 1961. During her early career, she appeared in several films for Walt Disney, and is perhaps best known for her dual role as twins Susan and Sharon in the Disney film The Parent Trap.\nDuring the late 1960s she began performing in theatrical plays, and played in more mature roles. The age of contracts with studios soon passed. Although she has not maintained the box office success or the Hollywood A-list she experienced as a child actress, she has continued to make films and TV appearances.\nFrom 2007 to 2012, Mills played Caroline, a main character in the ITV1 Series Wild at Heart.
/m/01_bkd	Alternative metal is a style of heavy metal. Alternative metal usually takes elements of heavy metal with influences from genres like alternative rock, and other genres not normally associated with metal. Alternative metal bands are often characterized by heavy guitar riffs, melodic vocals, unconventional sounds within other heavy metal genres, unconventional song structures and sometimes experimental approaches to heavy music. The term has been in usage since the 1980s, although it came into prominence in the 1990s. It has spawned several subgenres, including nu metal, which expands the alternative metal sound, commonly adding influences from hip hop, groove metal and thrash metal.
/m/02ppm4q	Best Actress in a Supporting Role is a British Academy Film award presented annually by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts to recognize an actress who has delivered an outstanding supporting performance in a film. This award began in 1968 and had four nominees until 1999 when expanded to five nominees. There has been one tie in this category. No award was given for the years 1980 or 1981.\n† - indicates the performance also won the Academy Award\n‡ - indicates the performance was also nominated for the Academy Award
/m/04fzk	Kirsten Caroline Dunst is a German-American actress, singer and model. She made her film debut in Oedipus Wrecks, a short film directed by Woody Allen for the anthology New York Stories. At the age of 12, Dunst gained widespread recognition playing the role of vampire Claudia in Interview with the Vampire, a performance for which she was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress. She appeared in Little Women the same year and in Jumanji the following year to further acclaim. After supporting roles in the television series ER and films such as Wag the Dog, Small Soldiers and The Virgin Suicides, Dunst transitioned into romantic comedies and comedy dramas, starring in Drop Dead Gorgeous, Bring It On, Get Over It and Crazy/Beautiful.\nDunst achieved international fame as a result of her portrayal of Mary Jane Watson in Sam Raimi's Spider-Man trilogy. Since then her films have included the romantic comedy Wimbledon, the romantic science fiction Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind and Cameron Crowe's tragicomedy Elizabethtown. She played the title role in Sofia Coppola's Marie Antoinette and starred in the comedy How to Lose Friends & Alienate People. She won the Best Actress Award at the Cannes Film Festival and the Saturn Award for Best Actress for her performance in Lars von Trier's Melancholia.
/m/01q8wk7	Rahul Dev Burman was an Indian film score composer, who is considered one of the seminal music directors of the Indian film industry. Nicknamed Pancham da, he was the only son of the illustrious composer Sachin Dev Burman.\nFrom the 1960s to the 1990s, RD Burman composed musical scores for 331 movies. He was mainly active in the Hindi film industry as a composer, and also provided vocals for a few of compositions. RD Burman did major work with Asha Bhosle and Kishore Kumar, and scored many of the songs that made these singers famous. He served as an influence to the next generation of Indian music directors, and his songs continue to be popular in India even after his death.
/m/0lpp8	Burgundy is an administrative and historical region of east-central France. Burgundy comprises the following four departments: Côte-d'Or, Saône-et-Loire, Yonne and Nièvre. Historically Burgundy has referred to numerous political entities, including kingdoms and dukedoms spanning territory from the Mediterranean to Benelux.
/m/0crjn65	The City of Preston is a city and non-metropolitan district in Lancashire, England. It is located on the north bank of the River Ribble, and was granted city status in 2002, becoming England's 50th city in the 50th year of Queen Elizabeth II's reign. The City of Preston district has a population of 131,900, and lies at the centre of the Central Lancashire sub-region, with a population of 335,000.\nThe district, formerly known as the Borough of Preston, is named after the urban settlement of Preston which lies in the south of the district, and also contains eight rural civil parishes.
/m/03td5v	Rayo Vallecano de Madrid, S.A.D., often abbreviated to Rayo, is a Spanish football team based in Madrid, in the neighbourhood of Vallecas. Founded on 29 May 1924 it currently plays in La Liga, holding home matches at the 14,708-seater Campo de Fútbol de Vallecas.
/m/03c6sl9	The 2008 Major League Baseball season began on March 25, 2008 in Tokyo, Japan with the 2007 World Series champion Boston Red Sox defeating the Oakland Athletics at the Tokyo Dome 6–5 in the first game of a two-game series, and ended on September 30 with the host Chicago White Sox defeating the Minnesota Twins in a one-game playoff to win the AL Central division. The Civil Rights Game, an exhibition, in Memphis, Tennessee took place March 29 when the New York Mets beat the Chicago White Sox, 3–2.\nThe All-Star Game was played on July 15 at Yankee Stadium in The Bronx, New York City, with the AL winning 4 to 3 in 15 innings. For the eighth straight season, a defending World Champion – the Boston Red Sox – failed to defend their championship. The Philadelphia Phillies won the World Series 4 games to 1 over the Tampa Bay Rays. This was Philadelphia's second championship, and also the first World Series appearance for the Rays.
/m/06z8gn	Christopher McDonald is an American actor. He is known for his roles as Shooter McGavin in Happy Gilmore, Tappy Tibbons in Requiem for a Dream, and Mel Allen in the HBO film 61*.
/m/0l1pj	Van Nuys is a district and neighborhood in the central San Fernando Valley region of the City of Los Angeles, southern California.
/m/0h_cssd	The 65th British Academy Film Awards, more commonly known as the BAFTAs, were held on 12 February 2012 at the Royal Opera House in London, honouring the best national and foreign films of 2011. The nominees were announced on 17 January 2012 by Daniel Radcliffe and Holliday Grainger. Stephen Fry, who hosted from 2001 to 2006, returned to host the awards ceremony. The Artist won seven awards, out of its twelve nominations, including Best Director and Best Film. Jean Dujardin and Meryl Streep received awards for Best Actor and Best Actress respectively, while Octavia Spencer and Christopher Plummer won the Best Supporting awards. Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy was named Best British Film. Director Martin Scorsese was given the Academy Fellowship and John Hurt garnered the Outstanding British Contribution to Cinema award.
/m/0265vcb	Michael Conforti is an American television writer on the ABC Daytime soap opera General Hospital. He played Jeremy Rhodes on Edge of Night, and Wally Bacon on Guiding Light. Conforti later became a writer for the soap opera Guiding Light. He became a Co-Head Writer for All My Children and Guiding Light. During the WGA strike, he chose financial core status with the Writers Guild of America and continued working.\nHe is the father of 3, and Stepdad of 2: Olivia, Marrisa, Matt, Eva, Lilah.
/m/02pp_q_	Jerry Belson was a writer, director, and producer of Hollywood films for over forty years.
/m/07cn2c	Stephanie Morgenstern is a Swiss-Canadian actress, filmmaker, and screenwriter for television and film. Born in Geneva, Switzerland and raised in Montreal, Quebec, Morgenstern began her acting career when she was 15. She has worked extensively on stage, film, and television in both English and French. Her most widely seen feature film credits have been The Sweet Hereafter, Maelstrom, Revoir Julie and \"Forbidden Love.\nAlong with her writing partner and husband Mark Ellis, Morgenstern created Flashpoint, a Canadian TV police drama which premiered July 2008 on CTV and CBS, and ran for five years before the show ended by creative choice in 2013. The show was awarded the Academy Board of Directors Tribute for Outstanding and Enduring Contribution to Canadian Television, in addition to a Canadian Screen Award and Gemini Award for Best Dramatic Series. She and Mark Ellis are now in development with two new television dramas.\nMorgenstern has been twice nominated for Genie Awards for directing the short film Remembrance, which she also co-wrote and co-starred in with her husband Mark Ellis, and co-directing the short film Curtains, which she also wrote and played the lead in.
/m/09v38qj	Pretty Little Liars is an American teen drama mystery-thriller television series loosely based on the popular series of novels written by Sara Shepard. The show premiered on June 8, 2010 on ABC Family. After an initial order of 10 episodes on June 28, 2010, ABC Family ordered an additional 12 episodes for season one. These episodes began airing on January 3 and ended on March 21, 2011. The ratings success of the first 10 episodes prompted the book series to be extended beyond the initial eight novels. On November 29, 2011, ABC Family renewed the series for a third season, consisting of 24 episodes. The third season premiered on June 5, 2012 and ended on March 19, 2013.\nOn October 4, 2012, ABC Family renewed the show for a fourth season. Filming began on March 14, 2013. It premiered on June 11, 2013.\nOn March 26, 2013, ABC Family picked up the show for a fifth season and also announced that a spin-off, Ravenswood, would air in October 2013.
/m/08132w	Droylsden Football Club is an English football club based in Droylsden, Greater Manchester. The club participates in the Northern Premier League Premier Division, the seventh tier of English football.
/m/08_yl1	Adult album alternative is a radio format. A spinoff from the album-oriented rock format, its roots trace to the 1960s and 1970s from the earlier freeform and progressive formats.
/m/0p_rk	Heaven Can Wait is a 1978 American comedy film directed by Warren Beatty and Buck Henry. It is the second film adaptation of Harry Segall's stageplay of the same name, preceded by Here Comes Mr. Jordan and followed by Down to Earth. Beatty stars in the lead role, playing a football player who, after being killed in a collision accident, is sent back to earth in the body of a millionaire. The film reunites Beatty and Julie Christie, who also starred together in the lead roles in McCabe & Mrs. Miller from 1971.
/m/02bb26	Trinidad is the largest and most populous of the two major islands and numerous landforms which make up the island nation of Trinidad and Tobago. It is the southernmost island in the Caribbean and lies just 11 km off the northeastern coast of Venezuela. With an area of 4,768 km² it is also the fifth largest in the West Indies.\nMany believe the original name for the island in the Arawaks' language was \"Iëre\" which meant \"Land of the Humming Bird\". Some believe that \"Iere\" was actually a mispronunciation or corruption by early colonists of the Arawak word \"Kairi\" which simply means \"Island\". Christopher Columbus renamed it \"La Isla de la Trinidad\", fulfilling a vow he had made before setting out on his third voyage of exploration.
/m/01515d	Flight is the process by which an object moves, through an atmosphere or beyond it, by generating aerodynamic lift, propulsive thrust, aerostatically using buoyancy, or by ballistic movement, without direct support from any surface.\nMany things fly, from natural aviators such as birds, bats and insects to human inventions such as missiles, aircraft such as airplanes, helicopters and balloons, to rockets such as spacecraft.\nThe engineering aspects of flight are studied in aerospace engineering which is subdivided into aeronautics, the study of vehicles that travel through the air, and astronautics, the study of vehicles that travel through space, and in ballistics, the study of the flight of projectiles.
/m/01d5g	Bruce Wayne is a fictional character from the 1997 film Batman & Robin.
/m/03np3w	Tony Plana is a Cuban-American actor and director. He is well known for playing Betty Suarez's father, Ignacio Suarez, on the ABC show Ugly Betty.
/m/0464pz	The Wire is an American crime drama television series set and produced in and around Baltimore, Maryland. Created and primarily written by author and former police reporter David Simon, the series was broadcast by the premium cable network HBO in the United States. The Wire premiered on June 2, 2002, and ended on March 9, 2008, comprising 60 episodes over five seasons.\nEach season of The Wire introduces a different facet of the city of Baltimore. In chronological order they are: the illegal drug trade, the seaport system, the city government and bureaucracy, the school system, and the print news media. The large cast consists mainly of character actors who are little known for their other roles. Simon has said that despite its presentation as a crime drama, the show is \"really about the American city, and about how we live together. It's about how institutions have an effect on individuals. Whether one is a cop, a longshoreman, a drug dealer, a politician, a judge or a lawyer, all are ultimately compromised and must contend with whatever institution to which they are committed.\"\nDespite only receiving average ratings and never winning major television awards, The Wire has been described by many critics and fans as one of the greatest TV dramas of all time. The show is recognized for its realistic portrayal of urban life, its literary ambitions, and its deep exploration of social and political themes.
/m/0fr9jp	Beverly Hills High School is the only major public high school in Beverly Hills, California.\nBeverly is part of the Beverly Hills Unified School District and located on 19.5 acres on the west side of Beverly Hills, at the border of the Century City area of Los Angeles. The land was previously part of the Beverly Hills Speedway board track, which was torn down in 1924. Beverly, which serves all of Beverly Hills, was founded in 1927. The original buildings were designed by Robert D. Farquhar in the French Normandy style. The school also receives its funding from its on-campus oil tower.
/m/0mnz0	Fairfax County, officially the County of Fairfax, is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 1,081,726, in 2013, the population was estimated to be 1,116,897, making it the most populous jurisdiction in the Commonwealth of Virginia, with 13.6% of Virginia's population. The county is also the most populous jurisdiction in the Washington Metropolitan Area, with 19.8% of the MSA population, as well as the larger Baltimore–Washington Metropolitan Area, with 13.1% of the CSA population. The county seat is Fairfax.\nFairfax was the first county in the United States to reach a six-figure median household income and has the second-highest median household income of any local jurisdiction in the United States after neighbor Loudoun County.\nThe county is home to the headquarters of intelligence agencies such as the Central Intelligence Agency, National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency, and National Reconnaissance Office, as well as the National Counterterrorism Center and Office of the Director of National Intelligence. The county is also home to ten Fortune 500 companies, including three with Falls Church addresses.
/m/01d5z	The Boston Red Sox are a professional baseball team based in Boston, Massachusetts, and a member of Major League Baseball's American League Eastern Division. They have won 8 World Series, having appeared in 12. Founded in 1901 as one of the American League's eight charter franchises, the Red Sox's home ballpark has been Fenway Park since 1912. The \"Red Sox\" name was chosen by the team owner, John I. Taylor, around 1908, following previous Boston teams that had been known as the \"Red Stockings\".\nBoston was a dominant team in the new league, defeating the Pittsburgh Pirates in the first World Series in 1903 and winning four more championships by 1918. However, they then went into one of the longest championship droughts in baseball history, called by some the \"Curse of the Bambino\" after its alleged beginning with the Red Sox's sale of Babe Ruth to the rival New York Yankees two years after their world championship in 1918, an 86-year wait before the team's sixth World Championship in 2004. However, the team's history during that period was hardly one of futility, but was rather punctuated with some of the most memorable moments in World Series history, including Enos Slaughter's \"mad dash\" in 1946, the \"Impossible Dream\" of 1967, Carlton Fisk's home run in 1975, and Bill Buckner's error in 1986. Following their recent victory in the 2013 World Series, they became the first, and so far, only team to win three World Series trophies in the 21st century, including championships in 2004 and 2007. Red Sox history has also been marked by the team's intense rivalry with the Yankees, arguably the fiercest and most historic in North American professional sports.
/m/02rjz5	Unione Calcio Sampdoria is an Italian association football club based in Genoa. The club was formed in 1946 from the merger of two existing sports clubs whose roots can be traced back to the 1890s, Sampierdarenese and Andrea Doria. Sampdoria currently compete in the Italian Serie A.\nBoth the team name and jersey do reflect this, the first being a combination of the former names, the second incorporating the former teams' colours in a single design. The team's colours are blue with white, red and black hoops, hence the nickname blucerchiati. Sampdoria play at Stadio Luigi Ferraris, capacity 36,536, which it shares with Genoa's other club, Genoa Cricket and Football Club. The derby between the two teams is commonly known as the Derby della Lanterna.\nSampdoria have won the scudetto only once in their history, in the 1991 season. The club has also won the Coppa Italia four times and one Italian Super Cup. Their biggest European success came when they won the Cup Winners' Cup in 1990. They also reached the European Cup final in 1992 only to lose against the Spanish side FC Barcelona with an 1–0 score after extra time.
/m/01x5fb	Royal Holloway, University of London is a constituent college of the University of London. The college has three faculties, 18 academic departments, and about 9,000 undergraduate and postgraduate students from over 100 different countries. The campus is located slightly west of Egham, Surrey, within the boundary of the Greater London Urban Area, although outside of the M25 motorway and some 19 miles from the geographic centre of London.\nThe Egham campus was founded in 1879 by the Victorian entrepreneur and philanthropist Thomas Holloway. Royal Holloway College was officially opened in 1886 by Queen Victoria. Royal Holloway College became a member of the University of London in 1900. In 1945, the college began admitting male postgraduate students, and in 1965, male undergraduates. In 1985, Royal Holloway College merged with Bedford College. The merged college was named Royal Holloway and Bedford New College, this remaining the official registered name of the college by Act of Parliament. The campus is dominated by the Founder's Building, a Grade I listed red-brick building modelled on the Château de Chambord in the Loire Valley, France.
/m/0df92l	Curse of the Golden Flower is a 2006 Chinese epic drama film written and directed by Zhang Yimou.\nWith a budget of US$45 million, it was at the time of its release the most expensive Chinese film to date, surpassing Chen Kaige's The Promise. It was chosen as China's entry for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film for the year 2006; but did not receive the nomination. The film was however nominated for Costume Design. In 2007 it received fourteen nominations at the 26th Hong Kong Film Awards and won Best Actress for Gong Li, Best Art Direction, Best Costume and Make Up Design and Best Original Film Song for \"菊花台\" by Jay Chou.\nThe plot is based on Cao Yu's 1934 play Thunderstorm, but is set in the Imperial court in ancient China.
/m/02w9k1c	The Duchess is a 2008 British-American drama film directed by Saul Dibb. It is based on Amanda Foreman's biography of the 18th-century English aristocrat Georgiana Cavendish, Duchess of Devonshire. It was released in September 2008 in the UK.
/m/03hpkp	The University of Richmond is a private, nonsectarian, liberal arts university located on the border of the city of Richmond and Henrico County, Virginia. The University of Richmond is a primarily undergraduate, residential university with approximately 4,350 undergraduate and graduate students in five schools: the School of Arts and Sciences, the E. Claiborne Robins School of Business, the Jepson School of Leadership Studies, the University of Richmond School of Law and the School of Professional & Continuing Studies.
/m/05mc99	Joseph Thomas \"Joe\" Morton, Jr. is an American stage, television, and film actor.
/m/0dclg	Philadelphia is the largest city in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, the second largest city on the East Coast of the United States, and the fifth-most-populous city in the United States. It is located in the Northeastern United States at the confluence of the Delaware and Schuylkill rivers, and it is the only consolidated city-county in Pennsylvania. As of the 2010 Census, the city had a population of 1,526,006, growing to 1,547,607 in 2012 by Census estimates. Philadelphia is the economic and cultural center of the Delaware Valley, home to over 6 million people and the country's sixth-largest metropolitan area. Within the Delaware Valley, the Philadelphia metropolitan division consists of five counties in Pennsylvania and has a population of 4,008,994. Popular nicknames for Philadelphia are Philly and The City of Brotherly Love, the latter of which comes from the literal meaning of the city's name in Greek.\nIn 1682, William Penn founded the city to serve as capital of Pennsylvania Colony. By the 1750s, Philadelphia had surpassed Boston to become the largest city and busiest port in British America, and second in the British Empire, behind London. During the American Revolution, Philadelphia played an instrumental role as a meeting place for the Founding Fathers of the United States, who signed the Declaration of Independence in 1776 and the Constitution in 1787. Philadelphia was one of the nation's capitals during the Revolutionary War, and the city served as the temporary U.S. capital while Washington, D.C., was under construction. During the 19th century, Philadelphia became a major industrial center and railroad hub that grew from an influx of European immigrants. It became a prime destination for African Americans during the Great Migration and surpassed two million occupants by 1950.
/m/044mz_	Naveen William Sidney Andrews is a British actor. He is best known for portraying Sayid Jarrah in the television series Lost, Kip in the film The English Patient and Sanjay in the 2002 remake of Rollerball. For his role on Lost, Andrews was nominated for a Golden Globe in 2006, a Primetime Emmy Award in 2005 and received the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series in 2006.
/m/036k5h	Grey or gray is an intermediate color between black and white. Grey is a neutral or achromatic color, meaning literally that it is a color \"without color.\" It is the color of a cloud-covered sky, of ash and of lead.\nThe first recorded use of grey as a color name in the English language was in AD 700. Grey is the dominant spelling in European and Commonwealth English, although gray remained in common usage in the UK until the second half of the 20th century. Gray has been the preferred American spelling since approximately 1825, although grey is an accepted variant.
/m/0c5dd	It Happened One Night is a 1934 American romantic comedy film with elements of screwball comedy directed by Frank Capra, in which a pampered socialite tries to get out from under her father's thumb, and falls in love with a roguish reporter. The plot was based on the August 1933 short story Night Bus by Samuel Hopkins Adams, which provided the shooting title. It Happened One Night was one of the last romantic comedies created before the MPAA began enforcing the 1930 production code in 1934.\nThe film was the first to win all five major Academy Awards, a feat that would not be matched until One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest and later by The Silence of the Lambs. In 1993, It Happened One Night was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant.\" In 2013, the film underwent an extensive restoration.
/m/01_jky	Fudbalski Klub Crvena zvezda, commonly known as Red Star Belgrade, or simply Red Star, is a Serbian professional football club based in Belgrade, the major part of the Red Star Sports Society and the most successful club in Serbia, with a record of 25 national championships and 24 national cups in both Serbian and ex-Yugoslav competitions. Red Star was also the most successful club in former Yugoslavia and finished as first in the Yugoslav First League all-time table. They are the only Serbian club to have ever won the European Cup, having done so in 1991, and the only team from the Balkans and Eastern Europe to have ever won the Intercontinental Cup, which it also won in 1991. In the following season, Red Star reached the semi-finals of the European cup. Before they reached 1957, 1971, the semi-finals, as well as 1958, 1974, 1981, 1982, 1987 the quarterfinals of the European Cup. In 1979, they reached the UEFA Cup final, but lost to Borussia Mönchengladbach. Also, they reached in 1975 the semifinals of the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup.\nRed Star is the most successful club from the Balkans and Eastern Europe, being the only club which was both European and World club champion. Since the 1991–92 season Red Star failed to qualify in the group stages of the UEFA Champions League.
/m/03s9b	Ernst Ingmar Bergman was a Swedish director, writer and producer for film, stage and television. He is recognized as one of the most accomplished and influential film directors of all time.\nHe directed over sixty films and documentaries for cinematic release and for television, most of which he also wrote. He also directed over one hundred and seventy plays. Among his company of actors were Harriet Andersson, Liv Ullmann, Gunnar Björnstrand, Bibi Andersson, Erland Josephson, Ingrid Thulin and Max von Sydow. Most of his films were set in the landscape of Sweden. His work often dealt with death, illness, faith, betrayal, bleakness and insanity.
/m/0dc95	Oakland, located in the U.S. state of California, is a major West Coast port city and the busiest port for San Francisco Bay and all of Northern California. It is the third largest city in the San Francisco Bay Area, the eighth-largest city in the state, and the 47th-largest city in the U.S. with a population at the 2010 U.S. Census of 390,724. Incorporated in 1852, Oakland is the county seat of Alameda County. It serves as a major transportation hub and trade center for the entire region and is also the principal city of the Bay Area Region known as the East Bay. The city is situated directly across the bay, six miles east of San Francisco.\nOakland's territory covers what was once a mosaic of coastal terrace prairie, oak woodland, and north coastal scrub. Its land served as a rich resource when its hillside oak and redwood timber were logged to build San Francisco, and Oakland's fertile flatland soils helped it become a prolific agricultural region. In the late 1860s, Oakland was selected as the western terminal of the Transcontinental Railroad. It continued to grow into the 20th century with its busy port, shipyards, and a thriving automobile industry. Following the 1906 San Francisco earthquake, many San Franciscans relocated to Oakland, enlarging the city's population, increasing its housing stock and improving its infrastructure.
/m/03mp54	Idrottsföreningen Elfsborg, also known as IF Elfsborg, is a professional football club based in Borås, Sweden, and is affiliated to the Västergötlands Fotbollförbund. They play in the Allsvenskan and have spent most of their history in the top tier of Swedish football. Their homeground is Borås Arena, where they have played since 17 April 2005.\nThe club was founded in 1904 by a group of 19 youngsters which all were 14–15 years old. Borås Fotbollslag was formed in Ordenshuset at Landala on 26 June 1904. The main protagonist in the formation, Carl Larson, who in addition to football also practiced athletics and wrestling. Claimed the reason was that the main sports club in the city, Borås Athletic and Sports Society, would not exert football in their program.\nCarl Larson, however, found that there were too many clubs containing the city name Borås which contributed to the name change in 1906 by Riksidrottsförbundet to the current, IF Elfsborg. The name is derived from Älvsborg County where instead of making use of the modern spelling Älvsborg, they used out of the older spelling with an E. The same goes for the club colours, reflected in their crest and kit, yellow and black. Colors that are taken from Älvsborgs regemente, Elfsborg would not only represent a city but a whole region. A recurring motto of the club is \"Vi Tillsammans\".
/m/0p9sw	The Academy Award for Best Sound Mixing is an Academy Award that recognizes the finest or most euphonic sound mixing or recording, and is generally awarded to the production sound mixers and re-recording mixers of the winning film. Compare this award to the Academy Award for Best Sound Editing. In the lists below, the winner of the award for each year is shown first, followed by the other nominees.\nFor the first year of this category only the names of the films and companies were listed. When the awards were announced, only the names linked to the winning film were announced too.
/m/035qgm	The Greek national football team represents Greece in association football and is controlled by the Hellenic Football Federation, the governing body for football in Greece. Greece's home ground is Karaiskakis Stadium in Piraeus and their head coach is Fernando Santos. Greece is one of the most successful national teams in European football, being one of only nine national teams to have won the European Championship.\nThey hadn't produced any big successes in major tournaments, having participated only twice in the final tournaments of the FIFA World Cup and the UEFA European Championship, in 1994 and 1980 respectively, until UEFA Euro 2004, when they became European champions in only their second participation in the tournament. The Greeks, dismissed as rank outsiders before the tournament with bookmakers giving odds of between 80–1 to 150–1 for them to win, defeated some of the favourites in the competition including defending champions France and hosts Portugal, who Greece beat in both the opening game of the tournament and again in the final.\nSince that victory Greece have qualified for the finals of all but one major competitions, reaching the quarter-finals of Euro 2012. Moreover, they have occupied a place in the top 20 of the FIFA World Rankings for all but four months since the 2004 triumph, and reached a high of eighth from April to June 2008, as well as in October 2011.
/m/0126t5	Instrumental rock is a type of rock music which emphasizes musical instruments, and which features very little or no singing.\nExamples of instrumental rock can be found in practically every subgenre of rock, often from musicians who specialize in the style.
/m/0315q3	Vincent Anthony \"Vince\" Vaughn is an American film actor, screenwriter, producer, comedian and activist. He began acting in the late 1980s, appearing in minor television roles before attaining wider recognition with the 1996 movie Swingers. He has since appeared in a number of films, including Rudy, The Lost World: Jurassic Park, Return to Paradise, Old School, Dodgeball: A True Underdog Story, Wedding Crashers, The Break Up, Fred Claus, Couples Retreat, The Watch and The Internship. He is one of the tallest leading men in Hollywood at 6 ft 5 in.
/m/03_wtr	Harold Perrineau is an American actor, known for the roles of Michael Dawson in the U.S. television series Lost, Link in The Matrix films and games, Augustus Hill in the American television series Oz, and Mercutio in Baz Luhrmann's Romeo + Juliet. He starred in ABC's comedy-drama television series The Unusuals, playing NYPD homicide detective Leo Banks and was cast as ruthless drug kingpin Damon Pope on the FX drama Sons of Anarchy. He has appeared in several other high-profile films, including The Best Man, 28 Weeks Later, 30 Days of Night: Dark Days, and Zero Dark Thirty. He also starred alongside Anthony Hopkins and Alec Baldwin in the survival drama The Edge.
/m/0lzp	Aarhus or Århus is the second-largest city in Denmark. The principal port of Denmark, Aarhus is on the east side of the peninsula of Jutland in the geographical centre of Denmark. Aarhus is the seat of the council of Aarhus municipality with 323,644 inhabitants and 256,018 in the urban area. Aarhus municipality claims a population of 1.2 million people in the greater Aarhus area. The city claims the unofficial title \"Capital of Jutland\".\nAarhus is the biggest single city in the East Jutland metropolitan area, which is a co-operation in eastern Jutland with 17 municipalities. With more than 1.2 million people living in the East Jutland metropolitan area it represents approximately 23% of the population of Denmark. Aarhus has the second-largest urban area in Denmark after Copenhagen.
/m/0kq9l	Sparta Rotterdam is the oldest professional football team in the Netherlands being established on 1 April 1888. Sparta plays in the Eerste Divisie, the second tier of Dutch professional football. The club is one of three professional football clubs from Rotterdam, the others being Excelsior and Feyenoord.
/m/0c41y70	The Albany Devils are a professional ice hockey team in the American Hockey League, founded in 2010. The top AHL affiliate of the National Hockey League's New Jersey Devils, the team has as its home the Times Union Center in Albany, New York. This is the second time the New Jersey Devils have been affiliated with an Albany-based AHL team; from 1993 to 2006, the Devils used the Albany River Rats as their top minor league team.
/m/019ltg	Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas, also known as Botafogo and familiarly as Estrela Solitária, is a Brazilian sports club based in Botafogo, neighborhood of Rio de Janeiro, best known for its football team. They play in the Campeonato Carioca, Rio de Janeiro's state league, and the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A, the Brazilian national soccer league. Botafogo was a founding member of the Clube dos 13, a group of Brazil's leading football clubs.
/m/0xqf3	Red Bank is a borough in Monmouth County, New Jersey, incorporated in 1908 and located on the Navesink River, the area's original transportation route to the ocean and other ports. As of the 2010 United States Census, the borough had a population of 12,206, reflecting an increase of 362 from the 11,844 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn increased by 1,208 from the 10,636 counted in the 1990 Census.\nRed Bank was originally formed as a town on March 17, 1870, from portions of Shrewsbury Township. On February 14, 1879, Red Bank became Shrewsbury City, a portion of Shrewsbury Township, but this only lasted until May 15, 1879, when Red Bank regained its independence. On March 10, 1908, Red Bank was formed as a borough by an act of the New Jersey Legislature and was set off from Shrewsbury Township.
/m/0292l3	Anupam Kher is an Indian actor who has appeared in nearly 470 films and 100 plays. Though mainly appearing in Bollywood films, he has had roles in some films from other nations as well most notably the 2013 Oscar nominated Silver Linings Playbook, directed by David O. Russell. He has held the post of Chairman of the Censor Board and National School of Drama in India. In 2004, he was honoured with the Padma Shri by the Government of India for his contribution to Indian cinema. Kher has won the Filmfare Award for Best Performance in a Comic Role five times, more than any other actor.
/m/0dmn0x	The Lives of Others is a 2006 German drama film, marking the feature film debut of filmmaker Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck, about the monitoring of East Berlin by agents of the Stasi, the GDR's secret police. It stars Ulrich Mühe as Stasi Captain Gerd Wiesler, Ulrich Tukur as his superior Anton Grubitz, Sebastian Koch as the playwright Georg Dreyman, and Martina Gedeck as Dreyman's lover, a prominent actress named Christa-Maria Sieland.\nThe film was released in Germany on 23 March 2006. At the same time, the screenplay was published by Suhrkamp Verlag. The Lives of Others won the 2006 Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film. The film had earlier won seven Deutscher Filmpreis awards—including those for best film, best director, best screenplay, best actor, and best supporting actor—after setting a new record with 11 nominations. It was nominated for Best Foreign Language Film at the 64th Golden Globe Awards. The Lives of Others cost US$2 million and grossed more than US$77 million worldwide as of November 2007.\nReleased 17 years after the fall of the Berlin Wall marking the end of the East German socialist state, it was the first noticeable drama film about the subject after a series of comedies such as Goodbye, Lenin! and Sonnenallee. This approach was widely applauded in Germany even as some criticized the humanization of Weisler's character. Many former East Germans were stunned by the factual accuracy of the film's set and atmosphere, resembling a state which had merged with West Germany and subsequently vanished 16 years prior to the release.
/m/05g49	The New York Jets are a professional American football team headquartered in Florham Park, New Jersey, representing the New York metropolitan area. The team is a member of the Eastern Division of the American Football Conference in the National Football League. In a unique arrangement for the league, the Jets share MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford, New Jersey with the New York Giants. The franchise is legally and corporately registered as New York Jets, LLC.\nThe team was founded in 1959 as the Titans of New York, an original member of the American Football League; later, the franchise joined the NFL in the AFL–NFL merger. The team began to play in 1960 at the Polo Grounds. Under new ownership, the current name was adopted in 1963 and the franchise was relocated to Shea Stadium in 1964 and then to the Meadowlands Sports Complex in 1984. The Jets advanced to the playoffs for the first time in 1968 and went on to compete in Super Bowl III where they defeated the Baltimore Colts, becoming the first AFL team to defeat an NFL club in an AFL-NFL World Championship Game. Since 1968, the Jets have appeared in the playoffs thirteen times, and in the AFC Championship Game four times, most recently losing to the Pittsburgh Steelers in 2010. However, the Jets have never returned to the Super Bowl, making them one of three NFL teams to win their lone Super Bowl appearance, along with the New Orleans Saints and Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
/m/054kmq	Junichi Inamoto is a Japanese footballer who plays as a midfielder for Kawasaki Frontale.
/m/02w9895	Siobhan Finneran is an English television and film actress.
/m/084qpk	Grindhouse is a 2007 action-horror/exploitation double feature co-written, produced, and directed by Robert Rodriguez and Quentin Tarantino. The double feature consists of two feature-length segments, Rodriguez's Planet Terror and Tarantino's Death Proof, and is bookended by fictional trailers for upcoming attractions, advertisements, and in-theater announcements. The film's title derives from the U.S. film industry term \"grindhouse\", which refers to movie theaters specializing in B movies, often exploitation films, shown in a multiple-feature format. The film stars Rose McGowan, Freddy Rodriguez, Marley Shelton, Michael Biehn, Jeff Fahey, Josh Brolin, Naveen Andrews, Fergie, Bruce Willis, Kurt Russell, Rosario Dawson, Tracie Thoms, Mary Elizabeth Winstead and stuntwoman Zoë Bell.\nRodriguez's segment, Planet Terror, revolves around an outfit of rebels attempting to survive an onslaught of zombie-like creatures as they feud with a rogue military unit, while Tarantino's segment, Death Proof, focuses on a misogynistic, psychopathic stuntman who targets young women, murdering them with his \"death proof\" stunt car. Each feature is preceded by faux trailers of exploitation films in other genres that were developed by other directors.
/m/07tlg	Peterhouse is a constituent college of the University of Cambridge, England. It is the oldest college of the University, having been founded in 1284 by Hugo de Balsham, Bishop of Ely. Today, Peterhouse has 273 undergraduates, 94 full-time graduate students and 45 fellows. The modern name of Peterhouse does not include the word \"college\".
/m/01pw9v	Maurice Bernard Sendak was an American illustrator and writer of children's books. He became widely known for his book Where the Wild Things Are, first published in 1963. Born to Jewish-Polish parents, his childhood was affected by the death of many of his family members during the Holocaust. Besides Where the Wild Things Are, Sendak also wrote works such as In the Night Kitchen and Outside Over There, and illustrated Little Bear.
/m/0bzjf	Veneto or Venetia – Latin: Venetia; Venetian: Vèneto; also called Venezia Euganea – is one of the twenty regions of Italy. Its population is about five million, ranking fifth in Italy. The region's capital and largest city is Venice.\nVeneto, as part of the Republic of Venice, had been an independent state for more than a millennium. The Republic was not restored at the Congress of Vienna after the Napoleonic Wars and was annexed by the Austrian Empire, until it was ceded to the Kingdom of Italy in 1866, as a result of the Third Italian War of Independence. Venice ruled for centuries over one of the largest and richest maritime republics and trade empires in the world. Due to this rich cultural legacy and a unique identity, the regional statute describes Venetians as a \"people\".\nOnce the heartland of the Venetian republic, Veneto is today among the wealthiest, most developed and industrialised regions of Italy. Having one of the country's richest historical, natural, artistic, cultural, musical and culinary heritages, it is the most visited region of Italy, with about 63 million tourists every year.\nBesides Italian, most inhabitants also speak Venetian. Having been for a long period in history a land of mass emigration, Veneto is today one of the greatest immigrant-receiving regions in the country, with 454,453 foreigners in 2008, the most recent of which are Romanian and Moroccan.
/m/0237jb	Brian Thomas Helgeland is an American screenwriter, film producer and director. He is most known for writing the screenplays for L.A. Confidential, Mystic River, and A Nightmare on Elm Street 4: The Dream Master. Helgeland wrote and directed 42, the 2013 biopic of Jackie Robinson.
/m/012jfb	Bowling for Columbine is a 2002 American documentary film written, directed, and narrated by Michael Moore. The film explores what Moore suggests are the causes for the Columbine High School massacre in 1999 and other acts of violence with guns. Moore focuses on the background and environment in which the massacre took place and some common public opinions and assumptions about related issues. The film also looks into the nature of violence in the United States.\nThe film brought Moore international attention as a rising filmmaker and won numerous awards, including the Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature, the Independent Spirit Award for Best Documentary Feature, a special 55th Anniversary Prize at the 2002 Cannes Film Festival, and the César Award for Best Foreign Film.
/m/028cl7	Visual kei is a movement among Japanese musicians, that is characterized by the use of varying levels of make-up, elaborate hair styles and flamboyant costumes, often, but not always, coupled with androgynous aesthetics. Some sources think that visual kei refers to a music genre, with its sound usually related to glam rock, punk rock and heavy metal. However, this is contradictory to the fact that visual kei acts play various genres, including those unrelated to rock such as electronic, pop, etc. Other sources, including members of the movement themselves, state that it is not a music genre and that the fashion and participation in the related subculture is what exemplifies the use of the term.
/m/06jw0s	Amy Joanne Robach is an American television journalist and correspondent for ABC News. Previously, she was a national correspondent for NBC News, co-host of the Saturday edition of NBC's Today and anchor on MSNBC. She rotates with 20/20 anchor Elizabeth Vargas, if Robin Roberts is on personal time or on assignment.\nRobach made the announcement about switching networks on May 19, 2012. Robach appears on ABC's Good Morning America program as a correspondent.
/m/03h_9lg	Hugh Michael Jackman is an Australian actor and producer who is involved in film, musical theatre, and television.\nJackman has won international recognition for his roles in major films, notably as superhero, period, and romance characters. He is known for his long-running role as Wolverine in the X-Men film series, as well as for his leads in Kate & Leopold, Van Helsing, The Prestige, Australia, Real Steel, Les Misérables, and Prisoners. His work in Les Misérables earned him his first Academy Award nomination for Best Actor and his first Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a Musical or Comedy in 2013. He is also a singer, dancer, and actor in stage musicals, and won a Tony Award for his role in The Boy from Oz.\nA three-time host of the Tony Awards, winning an Emmy Award for one of these appearances, Jackman also hosted the 81st Academy Awards on 22 February 2009.
/m/0z4s	Sir Philip Anthony Hopkins, CBE is a Welsh actor of film, stage, and television, and a composer. After graduating from the Royal Welsh College of Music & Drama in 1957, he trained at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in London, and was then spotted by Laurence Olivier who invited him to join the Royal National Theatre. In 1968, he got his break in film in The Lion in Winter playing Richard I.\nConsidered to be one of the greatest living actors, Hopkins is well known for his portrayal of Hannibal Lecter in The Silence of the Lambs, for which he won the Academy Award for Best Actor, its sequel Hannibal, and the prequel Red Dragon. Other notable films include The Mask of Zorro, The Bounty, Meet Joe Black, The Elephant Man, Magic, 84 Charing Cross Road, Bram Stoker's Dracula, Legends of the Fall, Thor, The Remains of the Day, Amistad, Nixon, The World's Fastest Indian, Instinct, and Fracture.\nAlong with his Academy Award, Hopkins has also won three BAFTA Awards, two Emmys and the Cecil B. DeMille Award. In 1993, Hopkins was knighted by Queen Elizabeth II for services to the arts. He received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 2003, and was made a Fellow of the British Academy of Film and Television Arts in 2008.
/m/0m_1s	Caen is a commune in northwestern France. It is the prefecture of the Calvados department and the capital of the Basse-Normandie region. It is located 15 km inland from the English Channel.\nCaen is known for its historical buildings built during the reign of William the Conqueror, who was buried there, and for the Battle for Caen—heavy fighting that took place in and around Caen during the Battle of Normandy in 1944, destroying much of the city.\nTwo hours north-west of Paris, and connected to the south of England by the Caen--Portsmouth ferry route, Caen is located in the centre of its northern region, over which it is a centre of political, economic and cultural power.\nAs the city of William the Conqueror, the city has a long and complex history. In the Second World War, it was a key site of the Battle of Normandy, and suffered considerable destruction. The city has preserved the memory by erecting a memorial for peace.\nLocated a few miles from the coast, the landing beaches, the bustling resort of Deauville and Cabourg, Norman Switzerland or Pays d'Auge, Caen offers all possible services.\nThe city proper has 113,249 inhabitants, while its urban area has 420,000, making Caen the largest city in Lower Normandy. It is also the second largest municipality in all of Normandy after Le Havre and the third largest city proper in Normandy, after Rouen and Le Havre. The metropolitan area of Caen, in turn, is the second largest in Normandy after that of Rouen, the 21st largest in France.
/m/0c8hct	Michael Nawrocki is an American animator, writer and voice actor. He is the co-founder and Executive Vice President of Big Idea Entertainment, the company best known for bringing computer-animated vegetables to life in the popular VeggieTales series. Nawrocki is a voice actor who performs several of the VeggieTales characters, including Larry the Cucumber. His work as writer and director includes directing most of the \"Silly Songs with Larry\" segments, along with several of the VeggieTales episodes, and developing the 3-2-1 Penguins! series. He directed The Pirates Who Don't Do Anything: A VeggieTales Movie.
/m/01_9fk	A land-grant university is an institution of higher education in the United States designated by a state to receive the benefits of the Morrill Acts of 1862 and 1890.\nThe Morrill Acts funded educational institutions by granting federally controlled land to the states for them to sell to raise funds to establish and endow \"land-grant\" colleges. The mission of these institutions as set forth in the 1862 Act is to focus on the teaching of practical agriculture, science, military science and engineering, as a response to the industrial revolution and changing social class. This mission was in contrast to the historic practice of higher education to focus on an abstract liberal arts curriculum.\nUltimately, most land-grant colleges became large public universities that today offer a full spectrum of educational opportunities. However, some land-grant colleges are private schools, including Cornell University and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
/m/026dqjm	The Louisiana State Tigers basketball team represents Louisiana State University in NCAA Division I men's college basketball. The team is coached by Johnny Jones. LSU has enjoyed recent success, including a Final Four run in the 2005–2006 season. Past coaches include Trent Johnson, John Brady, Press Maravich, Dale Brown and Harry Rabenhorst. They play their home games in the Pete Maravich Assembly Center located on the LSU campus in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. The team participates in the Southeastern Conference.
/m/0c5wln	FC Schaffhausen is a Swiss football team from the town of Schaffhausen. The club plays in the Challenge League, the second tier of Swiss football.
/m/04mg6l	Armand Anthony Assante, Jr. is an American actor.
/m/01wj9y9	Julius Henry \"Groucho\" Marx was an American comedian and film and television star. He was known as a master of quick wit and widely considered one of the best comedians of the modern era. His rapid-fire, often impromptu delivery of innuendo-laden patter earned him many admirers and imitators.\nHe made 13 feature films with his siblings the Marx Brothers, of whom he was the third-born. He also had a successful solo career, most notably as the host of the radio and television game show You Bet Your Life.\nHis distinctive appearance, carried over from his days in vaudeville, included quirks such as an exaggerated stooped posture, glasses, cigar, and a thick greasepaint mustache and eyebrows. These exaggerated features resulted in the creation of one of the world's most ubiquitous and recognizable novelty disguises, known as \"Groucho glasses\", a one-piece mask consisting of horn-rimmed glasses, large plastic nose, bushy eyebrows and mustache.
/m/0njj0	Kent County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. It is part of the Grand Rapids–Wyoming Metropolitan Statistical Area. Grand Rapids is the county seat. As of the 2010 census, the county had a population of 602,622. It is named for New York jurist and legal scholar James Kent, who represented the Michigan Territory in its dispute with Ohio over the Toledo Strip. It was set off in 1831, and organized in 1836.\nKent County is the economic and manufacturing center of West Michigan, with the Steelcase corporation based in the county. It is also the home of the Frederik Meijer Gardens, a significant cultural landmark of the Midwest. The county is a traditional stronghold for the Republican Party, with a substantial conservative population, although the 2008 Presidential Election marked the first time since 1964 a Democratic Presidential candidate received more votes than his Republican opponent. The Gerald R. Ford International Airport is located within the county.
/m/044k8	Janis Lyn Joplin was an American singer-songwriter who first rose to fame in the late 1960s as the lead singer of the psychedelic-acid rock band Big Brother and the Holding Company, and later as a solo artist with her own backing groups, The Kozmic Blues Band and The Full Tilt Boogie Band. She was one of the more popular acts at the Monterey Pop Festival and later became one of the major attractions to the Woodstock festival and the Festival Express train tour. Joplin charted five singles, and other popular songs from her four-year solo career include \"Down on Me\", \"Summertime\", \"Piece of My Heart\", \"Ball 'n' Chain\", \"Maybe\", \"To Love Somebody\", \"Kozmic Blues\", \"Work Me, Lord\", \"Cry Baby\", \"Mercedes Benz\", and her only number one hit, \"Me and Bobby McGee\". Joplin was well known for her performing abilities, and her fans referred to her stage presence as \"electric\". At the height of her career, she was known as \"The Queen of Psychedelic Soul,\" and became known as Pearl among her friends. She was also a painter, dancer and music arranger. Rolling Stone ranked Joplin number 46 on its list of the 100 Greatest Artists of All Time in 2004, and number 28 on its 2008 list of 100 Greatest Singers of All Time. She was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1995.
/m/07tl0	Christ's College is a constituent college of the University of Cambridge, officially comprising the Master and Fellows of the College as well as about 600 students. The college was founded by Lady Margaret Beaufort in 1505, its royal charter granted on 1 May of that year, and was the twelfth of the Cambridge colleges to be founded in its current form. It was originally established as God's House in 1437. The college lies at the north end of St Andrew's Street and faces out into the centre of the city.\nWith a deserved reputation even within Cambridge for high academic standards, Christ's averaged top place in the Tompkins Table from 1980–2006 and third place from 2006 to 2013. Christ's is also home to the oldest still active sporting society within the university, the Christ's College Boat Club. As of 2011, it had an endowment of £59 million.\nChrist's is noted for educating two of Cambridge's most famous alumni, the poet John Milton and the naturalist Charles Darwin, who, during the celebrations for the 800th anniversary of the University, were both placed at the foreground as two of the four most iconic individuals in the University's history. Some of the college's other famous alumni include comedians Sacha Baron Cohen and Andy Parsons, Lord Louis Mountbatten of Burma, South African Prime Minister Jan Smuts, historian Simon Schama, theologian William Paley and the former Archbishop of Canterbury Rowan Williams.
/m/070m12	Leah Laiman is an American soap opera writer and romance novelist.
/m/0cc7hmk	Margin Call is a 2011 American independent drama film written and directed by J.C. Chandor. The film takes place over a 36-hour period at a large Wall Street investment bank and highlights the initial stages of the financial crisis of 2007–08. In focus are the actions taken by a group of employees during the subsequent financial collapse. The ensemble cast features Kevin Spacey, Paul Bettany, Jeremy Irons, Zachary Quinto, Simon Baker, Demi Moore, and Stanley Tucci.\nThe film was a co-production between the motion picture studios of Before the Door Pictures, Benaroya Pictures, Washington Square Films, Margin Call Productions, Sakonnet Capital Partners, and Untitled Entertainment. Theatrically, it was commercially distributed by Lionsgate and Roadside Attractions. Margin Call explores capitalism, greed and investment fraud. Following its wide release in theaters, the film garnered award nominations for its production merits from the Detroit Film Critics Society, along with several separate nominations for its screenplay and direction from recognized award organizations, namely the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay. The film score was orchestrated by musician Nathan Larson.
/m/0by17xn	Limitless is a 2011 American mystery thriller film directed by Neil Burger and starring Bradley Cooper, Abbie Cornish, and Robert De Niro. It is based on the 2001 novel The Dark Fields by Alan Glynn with the screenplay by Leslie Dixon.
/m/07j9n	The Thirty Years' War was a series of wars principally fought in Central Europe, involving most of the countries of Europe. It was one of the most destructive conflicts in European history, and one of the longest continuous wars in modern history.\nInitially, religion was a motivation for war as Protestant and Catholic states battled it out even though they all were inside the Holy Roman Empire. Changing the relative balance of power within the Empire was at issue. Gradually, it developed into a more general conflict involving most of the great powers of Europe. In this general phase, the war became less specifically religious and more a continuation of the Bourbon–Habsburg rivalry for European political pre-eminence, leading in turn to further warfare between France and the Habsburg powers.\nA major consequence of the Thirty Years' War was the devastation of entire regions, denuded by the foraging armies. Famine and disease significantly decreased the population of the German states, Bohemia, the Low Countries, and Italy; most of the combatant powers were bankrupted. While the regiments within each army were not strictly mercenary, in that they were not units for hire that changed sides from battle to battle, some individual soldiers that made up the regiments were mercenaries. The problem of discipline was made more difficult by the ad hoc nature of 17th-century military financing; armies were expected to be largely self-funding by means of loot taken or tribute extorted from the settlements where they operated. This encouraged a form of lawlessness that imposed severe hardship on inhabitants of the occupied territory.
/m/0mmpm	Kitsap County is a county located in the state of Washington. As of the 2010 census, its population was 251,133. Its county seat is Port Orchard, and its largest city is Bremerton.\nKitsap County was formed out of King County, Washington, and Jefferson County, Washington on January 16, 1857 and is named for Chief Kitsap of the Suquamish tribe. Originally named Slaughter County, it was soon renamed.\nThe United States Navy is the largest employer in the county, with installations at Puget Sound Naval Shipyard, Naval Undersea Warfare Center Keyport, and Naval Base Kitsap.\nKitsap County is connected to the eastern shore of Puget Sound by Washington State Ferries routes, including the Seattle-Bremerton Ferry, Southworth to West Seattle via Vashon Island, Bainbridge Island to Downtown Seattle, and from Kingston to Edmonds, Washington.\nKitsap County is included in the Seattle metropolitan area.
/m/019fm7	Assam is a state of India in the north-eastern region. Its capital is Dispur, located within the municipal area of Guwahati city. Located south of the eastern Himalayas, Assam comprises the Brahmaputra and the Barak river valleys along with the Karbi Anglong and the North Cachar Hills with an area of 30,285 square miles. Assam is surrounded by six of the other Seven Sister States: Arunachal Pradesh, Nagaland, Manipur, Mizoram, Tripura and Meghalaya. Geographically Assam and these states are connected to the rest of India via a narrow strip of land in West Bengal called the Siliguri Corridor or \"Chicken's Neck\".\nAssam shares international borders with Bhutan and Bangladesh; and cultures, peoples and climate with South-East Asia – important elements in India’s Look East policy. Assam became a part of the British India after the British occupied the region following the First Anglo-Burmese War of 1824–1826.\nAssam is rich in culture, ethnic groups, languages/dialacts spoken and literature. It is known for Assam tea, large and old petroleum resources, Assam silk and for its rich biodiversity. Assam has successfully conserved the one-horned Indian rhinoceros from near extinction, along with the tiger and numerous species of birds, and it provides one of the last wild habitats for the Asian elephant. It is becoming an increasingly popular destination for wildlife tourism, and Kaziranga and Manas are both World Heritage Sites. Assam was also known for its Sal tree forests and forest products, much depleted now. A land of high rainfall, Assam is endowed with lush greenery and the mighty river Brahmaputra, whose tributaries and oxbow lakes provide the region with a unique hydro-geomorphic and aesthetic environment.
/m/07wf9	In United States history, the Democratic-Republican Party, the Republican Party or the Jeffersonian Republicans was a political party organized by Thomas Jefferson and James Madison in 1791-93, which opposed the Federalist Party and controlled the Presidency and Congress, and most states, from 1801 to 1825, during the First Party System. It split after the 1824 presidential election into two parties: the Democratic Party and the short-lived National Republican Party.\nThe organization formed first as an \"Anti-Administration\" secret meeting in the national capital to oppose the programs of Secretary of the Treasury Alexander Hamilton. Jefferson needed to have a nationwide party to challenge the Federalists, a nationwide party organized by Hamilton. Foreign affairs took a leading role in 1794-95 as the Republicans vigorously opposed the Jay Treaty with Britain, which was then at war with France. Republicans saw France as more democratic after its revolution, while Britain represented the hated monarchy. The party denounced many of Hamilton's measures as unconstitutional.
/m/01yf40	Rawalpindi, commonly known as Pindi, is a city in the Pothohar region of Pakistan. Rawalpindi is only located 9 miles from the city of Islamabad, in the province of Punjab. Rawalpindi is the Fourth in the List of most populous metropolitan areas in Pakistan. In the 1950s, Rawalpindi was smaller than Hyderabad and Multan, but the city's economy received a boost during the building of Islamabad, when Rawalpindi served as the national capital and its population increased from 180,000 at the time of independence to over 1 million in 2007. Rawalpindi is in the northernmost part of the Punjab province, 275 km to the north-west of Lahore. It is the administrative seat of the Rawalpindi District. Rawalpindi is the military headquarters of the Pakistani Armed Forces.\nMany tourists use the city as a stop before traveling towards the northern areas. Numerous shopping bazaars, parks and a cosmopolitan population attract shoppers from all over Pakistan and abroad. The city is home to several industries and factories. Islamabad International Airport is in Rawalpindi and serves both cities.
/m/01sp81	Richard E. Grant is a British-Swazi actor, screenwriter, and director. Grant came to public attention in 1987 for playing Withnail in the film Withnail and I, and achieved international recognition as John Seward in the 1992 blockbuster Bram Stoker's Dracula.
/m/0kq95	S.B.V. Excelsior is a professional football club from the Kralingen-Crooswijk district of Rotterdam, Netherlands. It was founded on 23 July 1902 and was formerly known as 'Rotterdamse Voetbal en Atletiek Vereniging Excelsior'. The club was relegated from the top Dutch league, Eredivisie in 2007/08, and promoted back to the Eredivisie at the end of the 2009/10 season.\nExcelsior is a satellite club of Feyenoord. As such, Feyenoord gave Excelsior money and players. In 2005, the link between the two clubs was severed. It was reinstated in 2009, resulting in the loan of several Feyenoord players to Excelsior for the 2009–10 season. Excelsior's home stadium is the Stadion Woudestein, which has a capacity of about 3,531, one of the smallest stadiums hosting professional football in the Netherlands.\nThe main rival of Excelsior is Sparta, another professional football team from Rotterdam.
/m/0bmj62v	The 35th annual Toronto International Film Festival, was held in Toronto, Canada between September 9 and September 19, 2010. The opening night gala presented Score: A Hockey Musical, a Canadian comedy-drama musical film. Last Night closed the festival on September 19.\n2010 TIFF included 258 feature films, down from 264 in 2009. However, the number of short films at the 2010 festival increased to 81, making the total number of films 339, five more than in 2009.\nOf the feature films, TIFF claims that 112 are world premieres, 24 are international premieres, and 98 are North American premieres.
/m/03bzyn4	A New York writer on sex and love is finally getting married to her Mr. Big. But her three best girlfriends must console her after one of them inadvertently leads Mr. Big to jilt her.
/m/03j6_5	PFC Central Sport Club of the Army, Moscow is a Russian professional football club. It based in the capital city of Moscow, playing its home matches at the 18,630-capacity Arena Khimki. The club is the most known division of the CSKA Moscow sports club.\nFounded in 1911, CSKA had its most successful period after World War II with five titles in six seasons. It won a total of 7 Soviet Top League championships, including the last-ever season in 1991-92. The club has also won 4 Russian Premier League titles, and the 2004-05 UEFA Cup.\nCSKA was the official team of the Soviet Army during the communist era. Since the dissolution of the Soviet Union it has become privately owned, with the Ministry of Defence as a shareholder. Russian businessman Roman Abramovich's Sibneft corporation was a leading sponsor of the club from 2004 to 2006.
/m/02kxg_	The Eastern Front of World War II was a theatre of World War II between the European Axis powers and co-belligerent Finland against the Soviet Union, Poland, Norway and some other Allies which encompassed Northern, Southern and Central and Eastern Europe from 22 June 1941 to 9 May 1945. It has been known as the Great Patriotic War in the former Soviet Union and in modern Russia, while in Germany it was called the Eastern Front, the Eastern Campaign or the Russian Campaign.\nThe battles on the Eastern Front constituted the largest military confrontation in history. They were characterized by unprecedented ferocity, wholesale destruction, mass deportations, and immense loss of life variously due to combat, starvation, exposure, disease, and massacres. The Eastern Front, as the site of nearly all extermination camps, death marches, ghettos, and the majority of pogroms, was central to the Holocaust. Of the estimated 70 million deaths attributed to World War II, over 30 million, many of them civilian, occurred on the Eastern Front. The Eastern Front was decisive in determining the outcome of World War II, eventually serving as the main reason for Germany's defeat. It resulted in the destruction of the Third Reich, the partition of Germany for nearly half a century and the rise of the Soviet Union as a military and industrial superpower until its collapse in 1991.
/m/018dh3	Barrie is a city in Central Ontario, Canada, on the western shore of Lake Simcoe. Although located in Simcoe County, the city is politically independent. Barrie is within the northern part of the Greater Golden Horseshoe, a densely populated and industrialized region of Ontario.\nIn 2011 census, the city's population was originally reported as 135,711, making it the 34th largest in Canada. The city's 2011 population was subsequently revised to 136,063. The Barrie census metropolitan area had a population of 187,013 residents, making it the 21st largest CMA in Canada.
/m/02vl9ln	Le Prix Louis-Delluc is a French film award. For every year It has been awarded since its creation in 1937, it has been bestowed on the second Thursday of December. The jury is composed of 20 members, made up of a group of film critics and personalities who are cultural significance. Gilles Jacob is the president. The meeting is at le Fouquet's restaurant in Champs-Élysées.\nFounded in 1937 by Maurice Bessy and Marcel Idzkowski in a tribute to Louis Delluc, first French journalist specialized on cinema and who founded the ciné-clubs.
/m/0cvbb9q	Manmohan Krishna was a popular Indian film actor and director, who worked in Hindi films for four decades, mostly as a character actor. Anchored radio show Cadbury's Phulwari, a singing contest.\nHe worked in nearly 250 films, notably Naya Daur, Sadhana, Waqt and Hamraaz He won acclaimed for his work in Bees Saal Baad and won the Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role as Abdul Rasheed in Dhool Ka Phool, where the song epitomizing Nehruvian secularism, Tu Hindu banega na Musalman banega, insaan ki aulaad hai, insaan banega was picturized on him. Besides this, he also acted in 12 Punjabi films, played a pivotal role in, K. A. Abbas's Shehar Aur Sapna, which won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film, and acted in the first Indo-Soviet co-production, Pardesi, which was nominated for the Golden Palm at 1958 Cannes Film Festival.\nTowards his later career he directed, hit film for Yash Raj Films, Noorie for which he was also nominated for Filmfare Award for Best Director.\nHe died at Lokmanya Tilak Hospital, Mumbai at the age of 68.
/m/0xhmb	Nashua is a city in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2010 census, Nashua had a total population of 86,494, making it the second largest city in the state after Manchester.\nBuilt around the now-departed textile industry, in recent decades it has been swept up in southern New Hampshire's economic expansion as part of the Boston region. Nashua was twice named \"Best Place to Live in America\" in annual surveys by Money magazine. It is the only city to get the No. 1 ranking on two occasions—in 1987 and 1997.
/m/0jt86	David Brin's bestselling novels, such as Earth and Kiln People, have been translated into more than 20 languages. The Postman was loosely Kevin Costnerized in 1998. A scientist and futurist, Brin speaks and consults widely about over-the-horizon social and technological trends. The Transparent Society won the nonfiction Freedom of Speech Award of the American Library Association.
/m/067z4	Pretoria is a city in the northern part of Gauteng Province, South Africa. It is one of the country's three capital cities, serving as the executive and de facto national capital; the others are Cape Town, the legislative capital, and Bloemfontein, the judicial capital. Pretoria is sometimes regarded as being divided into three sections: west, east and north, relative to the central business district. Pretoria is contained within the City of Tshwane Metropolitan Municipality as one of several constituent former administrations. Pretoria itself is sometimes referred to as \"Tshwane\" due to a long-running and controversial proposed change of name, which has yet to be decided, as of 2014.\nPretoria is named after the Voortrekker leader Andries Pretorius.\nPretoria in South Africa is popularly known as The Jacaranda City due to the thousands of Jacaranda trees planted in its streets, parks and gardens.
/m/02w29z	Alan Wray Tudyk is an American actor, and voice artist known for his roles as Hoban \"Wash\" Washburne in the space western television series Firefly and movie Serenity and Wat in A Knight's Tale. He currently co-stars on the ABC sitcom Suburgatory. He also had a starring role in the film 42 as Ben Chapman and voiced significant roles in the Disney animated films Wreck-It Ralph and Frozen.
/m/04399	The Society of Jesus is a Christian male religious congregation of the Catholic Church. The members are called Jesuits. The society is engaged in evangelization and apostolic ministry in 112 nations on six continents. Jesuits work in education, intellectual research, and cultural pursuits. Jesuits also give retreats, minister in hospitals and parishes and promote social justice and ecumenical dialogue.\nIgnatius of Loyola founded the society after being wounded in battle and experiencing a religious conversion. He composed the Spiritual Exercises to help others follow the teachings of Jesus Christ. In 1534, Ignatius and six other young men, including Francis Xavier and Peter Faber, gathered and professed vows of poverty, chastity, and later obedience, including a special vow of obedience to the Pope. Rule 13 of Ignatius's Rules for Thinking with the Church said: \"That we may be altogether of the same mind and in conformity ... if [the Church] shall have defined anything to be black which to our eyes appears to be white, we ought in like manner to pronounce it to be black.\" Ignatius's plan of the order's organization was approved by Pope Paul III in 1540 by the bull containing the \"Formula of the Institute\".
/m/07zqy	Vitamin C or L-ascorbic acid, or simply ascorbate, is an essential nutrient for humans and certain other animal species. Vitamin C refers to a number of vitamers that have vitamin C activity in animals, including ascorbic acid and its salts, and some oxidized forms of the molecule like dehydroascorbic acid. Ascorbate and ascorbic acid are both naturally present in the body when either of these is introduced into cells, since the forms interconvert according to pH.\nVitamin C is a cofactor in at least eight enzymatic reactions, including several collagen synthesis reactions that, when dysfunctional, cause the most severe symptoms of scurvy. In animals, these reactions are especially important in wound-healing and in preventing bleeding from capillaries. Ascorbate may also act as an antioxidant against oxidative stress. However, the fact that the enantiomer D-ascorbate has identical antioxidant activity to L-ascorbate, yet far less vitamin activity, underscores the fact that most of the function of L-ascorbate as a vitamin relies not on its antioxidant properties, but upon enzymic reactions that are stereospecific. \"Ascorbate\" without the letter for the enantiomeric form is always presumed to be the chemical L-ascorbate.
/m/02r8hh_	Persepolis is a 2007 French-American animated film based on Marjane Satrapi's autobiographical graphic novel of the same name. The film was written and directed by Satrapi with Vincent Paronnaud. The story follows a young girl as she comes of age against the backdrop of the Iranian Revolution. The title is a reference to the historic city of Persepolis.\nThe film was co-winner of the Jury Prize at the 2007 Cannes Film Festival and was released in France and Belgium on 27 June. In her acceptance speech, Satrapi said \"Although this film is universal, I wish to dedicate the prize to all Iranians.\" The film was also nominated for the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature, but lost to Ratatouille.\nThe film was released in the United States on 25 December 2007 and in the United Kingdom on 24 April 2008.
/m/01c6qp	The 41st Annual Grammy Awards were held on February 24, 1999 at Shrine Auditorium, Los Angeles. They recognized accomplishments by musicians from the year 1998. Lauryn Hill was the main recipient, winning a total of 5 awards including Album of the Year and Best New Artist. Known as the \"Grammy Year of Women\", every artist nominated for Album of the Year were all female. Madonna won three awards while musicians the Dixie Chicks, Vince Gill, Alanis Morissette & Shania Twain won two apiece. Celine Dion also received two awards both for \"My Heart Will Go On\", which received a total of four awards. It is widely remembered for Ricky Martin's performance of \"La Copa De La Vida\"/ \"The Cup of Life\".
/m/02ykw	In computer science, functional programming is a programming paradigm, a style of building the structure and elements of computer programs, that treats computation as the evaluation of mathematical functions and avoids state and mutable data. Functional programming emphasizes functions that produce results that depend only on their inputs and not on the program state—i.e. pure mathematical functions. It is a declarative programming paradigm, which means programming is done with expressions. In functional code, the output value of a function depends only on the arguments that are input to the function, so calling a function f twice with the same value for an argument x will produce the same result f(x) both times. Eliminating side effects, i.e. changes in state that do not depend on the function inputs, can make it much easier to understand and predict the behavior of a program, which is one of the key motivations for the development of functional programming.\nFunctional programming has its roots in lambda calculus, a formal system developed in the 1930s to investigate computability, the Entscheidungsproblem, function definition, function application, and recursion. Many functional programming languages can be viewed as elaborations on the lambda calculus, where computation is treated as the evaluation of mathematical functions and avoids state and mutable data. In the other well known declarative programming paradigm, logic programming, relations are at the base of respective languages.
/m/03kvj3	The Voyages Extraordinaires are a sequence of fifty-four novels by the French writer Jules Verne, originally published between 1863 and 1905.\nAccording to Verne's editor Pierre-Jules Hetzel, the goal of the Voyages was \"to outline all the geographical, geological, physical, and astronomical knowledge amassed by modern science and to recount, in an entertaining and picturesque format ... the history of the universe.\"\nVerne's meticulous attention to detail and scientific trivia, coupled with his sense of wonder and exploration, form the backbone of the Voyages. Part of the reason for the broad appeal of his work was the sense that the reader could really learn knowledge of geology, biology, astronomy, paleontology, oceanography and the exotic locations and cultures of world through the adventures of Verne's protagonists. This great wealth of information distinguished his works as \"encyclopedic novels\".\nThe first of Verne's novels to carry the title Voyages Extraordinaires was The Adventures of Captain Hatteras, which was the third of all his novels.\nThe works in this series included both fiction and non-fiction, with overt science fiction elements or scientific romance ones and without.
/m/01wk7ql	Jocelyn Eve Stoker, better known by her stage name Joss Stone, is an English soul singer-songwriter and actress. Stone rose to fame in late 2003 with her multi-platinum debut album, The Soul Sessions, which made the 2004 Mercury Prize shortlist. Her second album, the similarly multi-platinum Mind Body & Soul, topped the UK Albums Chart for one week and spawned the top ten hit \"You Had Me\", Stone's most successful single on the UK Singles Chart to date. Both the album and single received one nomination at the 2005 Grammy Awards, while Stone herself was nominated for Best New Artist, and in an annual BBC poll of music critics, Sound of 2004 was ranked fifth as a predicted breakthrough act of 2004. She became the youngest British female singer whose debut album topped the UK Albums Chart. Stone's third album, Introducing Joss Stone, released in March 2007, achieved gold record status by the RIAA and yielded the second-ever highest debut for a British female solo artist on the Billboard 200, and became Stone's first top five album in the United States and first non-top ten album in the United Kingdom.\nStone released her fourth album, Colour Me Free!, on 20 October 2009, which reached the Top 10 on Billboard. Stone released her fifth album, LP1, on 22 July 2011, which reached the Top 10 on Billboard. Throughout her career, Stone has sold 14 million albums worldwide, establishing herself as one of the best-selling artists of her time, best-selling soul artists of the 2000s and best-selling British artists of her time. Her first three albums have sold over 2,722,000 copies in the United States, while her first two albums have sold over 2,000,000 copies in United Kingdom. She has earned numerous awards and accolades, including two BRIT Awards and one Grammy Award out of five nominations. She also made her film acting debut in 2006 with the fantasy adventure film Eragon, and made her television debut portraying Anne of Cleves in the Showtime series The Tudors in 2009. Stone was the youngest woman on the 2006 Sunday Times Rich List—an annual list of the UK's wealthiest people—with £6 million. In 2012, her fortune is estimated to be £10 million, making her the fifth richest British musician under 30. The Soul Sessions Vol. 2, a sequel to her debut album, was released on 23 July 2012. This is her fourth consecutive album to reach the Top 10 on Billboard 200.
/m/09l9tq	Christopher John \"Chris\" Killen is a New Zealand international footballer who plays as a striker for China League One club Chongqing F.C. Killen grew up in Wellington and played his club football for Miramar Rangers. After a trial with Manchester City, he joined City's youth academy. His first senior club appearances came during a loan spell at Wrexham in September 2000, and the following season he was loaned to Port Vale. Killen joined Oldham Athletic in July 2002 for £250,000, but failed to match his price tag because of persistent injury, and was eventually released on a free transfer.\nIn January 2006, Killen joined Hibernian, and scored 11 goals for \"Hibs\" in the early part of the 2006–07 season, but a ruptured achilles prematurely ended his season in January. Killen's contract with Hibernian expired in the summer of 2007, and he then signed for Celtic on a three-year contract, but found first team opportunities hard to come by, and was loaned to Norwich City during the 2008–09 season. Killen rejoined his former Celtic manager Gordon Strachan at Middlesbrough in January 2010. Seven months later he moved to China to play for Shenzhen Ruby. He switched clubs to Chongqing F.C. in February 2012.
/m/01bcwk	The University of Queensland is a public university located in the state of Queensland, Australia. Founded in 1909, it is the oldest and largest university in Queensland and the fifth oldest in Australia. The main campus is located in the suburb of St Lucia, southwest of the Brisbane City Central Business District, with other major campuses in Gatton, Ipswich and Herston with a number of other satellite facilities. The University of Queensland is a member of the Australia's Group of Eight, and the international research-intensive universities network Universitas 21. UQ is colloquially known as a \"sandstone university\" and is ranked among the top universities in Australia and is named one of the world's top universities in three key rankings - the QS World University Rankings, the Academic Ranking of World Universities and the Times Higher Education World University Rankings.
/m/0840vq	Pierre David Guetta, known commonly as David Guetta, is a French house producer and disc jockey. Originally a DJ at nightclubs during the 1980s and 1990s, he co-founded Gum Productions and released his first album, Just a Little More Love, in 2002. Later, he released Guetta Blaster and Pop Life.\nGuetta achieved mainstream success with his 2009 album One Love which included the hit singles \"When Love Takes Over\", \"Gettin' Over You\", \"Sexy Bitch\", all three of which reached #1 in the United Kingdom, and \"Memories\". The 2011 followup album, Nothing but the Beat, continued this success, containing the hit singles \"Where Them Girls At\", \"Little Bad Girl\", \"Without You\", \"Titanium\" and \"Turn Me On\".\nDavid Guetta has sold over six million albums and 15 million singles worldwide. In 2011 Guetta was voted as the #1 DJ in the 'DJ Mag Top 100 DJs' fan poll.
/m/027g8gr	ASAP 19 is broadcast by ABS-CBN in the Philippines. The show is presented by its main hosts Zsa Zsa Padilla, Vina Morales, Gary Valenciano and Martin Nievera. The show aired its pilot episode on February 5, 1995, and airs live Sundays. The show also broadcasts worldwide through ABS-CBN's The Filipino Channel.
/m/031ldd	Infernal Affairs III is a 2003 Hong Kong crime thriller film directed by Andrew Lau and Alan Mak. It is the third and final installment in the Infernal Affairs film series, and is both a sequel and a semi-prequel to the original film, as it intercuts events before and after the events in the first film. Andy Lau, Tony Leung, Kelly Chen, Anthony Wong, Eric Tsang, and Chapman To reprise their roles again, joined by new cast members Leon Lai and Chen Daoming.\nInfernal Affairs III received mixed to positive reviews, grossed HK$30,225,661 and was nominated for seven Hong Kong Film Awards.
/m/02rc4d	Son Goku, better known as simply Goku, is a fictional character and the protagonist of the Dragon Ball manga series written by Akira Toriyama. He is based on Sun Wukong, a main character in the classical Chinese novel Journey to the West. Goku is introduced in chapter #1 Bulma and Son Goku, originally published in Japan's Weekly Shōnen Jump magazine on December 3, 1984, as an eccentric, monkey-tailed boy who practices martial arts and possesses superhuman strength. Goku is initially believed to be an Earthling, but is later revealed to be a member of an extraterrestrial warrior race called the Saiyans. He later discovers his birth name, Kakarrot.\nIn Dragon Ball, Goku trains himself in martial arts in his deceased grandfather's mountain home. He meets Bulma who is searching for the Dragon Balls. Bulma notices Goku's power and asks Goku to join her after explaining the legend of the wish-granting Dragon Balls. As Goku matures, he becomes one of the universe's mightiest warriors and protects his adopted home planet, Earth, from villains who wish to harm it. Goku is depicted as carefree and aloof when at ease but quickly serious and strategic-minded when fighting. Goku is able to concentrate his Ki and use it for devastatingly powerful energy-based attacks, the most prominent being his signature Kamehameha technique, in which Goku launches a blue energy blast from his palms.
/m/0mmpz	King County is a county located in the State of Washington. As of the 2010 census its population was 1,931,249. King is the most populous county in Washington, and the 13th most populous in the United States.\nThe county seat is Seattle, which is the state's largest city. About two-thirds of the county's population lives in the city's suburbs. As of 2011 King County was the 86th highest-income county in the United States.
/m/0_lk5	Florence is a city located in Florence County, South Carolina, United States. The city is the county seat of the Florence County and the hub of the Metropolitan Statistical Area. The area forms the core of the historical \"Pee Dee\" region of South Carolina, which includes the eight counties of northeastern South Carolina, along with sections of southeastern North Carolina. The U.S. Census Bureau estimated the city's population at 37,326, representing an increase of .7 percent.\nIn 1965, Florence was named an All-American City, presented by the National Civic League. The city was founded as a railroad hub and became the junction of three major railroad systems, including the Wilmington and Manchester, the Northeastern, and the Cheraw and Darlington. As of 2013, the city retains its status as a major hub, both for industry and infrastructure, while establishing itself as a regional center for business, medicine, culture and finance.
/m/064r97z	Grey Gardens is an HBO film about the lives of Edith Bouvier Beale/\"Little Edie\", played by Drew Barrymore, and her mother Edith Ewing Bouvier/\"Big Edie\", played by Jessica Lange. Co-stars include Jeanne Tripplehorn as Jacqueline Kennedy and Ken Howard as Phelan Beale. The film, directed by Michael Sucsy and co-written by Sucsy and Patricia Rozema, flashes back and forth between various events and dates ranging from Little Edie as a young débutante in 1936 moving with her mother to their Grey Gardens estate through the filming and premiere of the actual 1975 documentary Grey Gardens.\nFilming for the HBO film began on October 22, 2007 in Toronto. It first aired on HBO on April 18, 2009.\nThe film won the 2009 Television Critics Association award for Outstanding Achievement Movies, Miniseries, and Specials. It was also nominated for 17 Primetime Emmy Awards, winning Outstanding Made for Television Movie, Lead Actress in a Miniseries or Movie and Supporting Actor in a Miniseries or Movie. It was also nominated for 3 Golden Globe Awards, winning Best Made for Television Movie and Best Actress in a Made for Television Movie. Lange was nominated in the same category, but lost to Barrymore.
/m/0l98s	The 1972 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XX Olympiad, was an international multi-sport event held in Munich, West Germany, from August 26 to September 11, 1972, the sporting nature of which was largely overshadowed by the Munich massacre in which eleven Israeli athletes and coaches, a West German police officer, and five Black September terrorists were killed.\nThe 1972 Summer Olympics were the second Summer Olympics to be held in Germany, after the 1936 Games in Berlin, which had taken place under the Nazi regime. Mindful of the connection, the West German Government was eager to take the opportunity of the Munich Olympics to present a new, democratic and optimistic Germany to the world, as shown by the Games' official motto, \"Die Heiteren Spiele\", or \"the Happy Games.\" The logo of the Games was a blue solar logo by Otl Aicher, the designer and director of the visual conception commission. The Olympic mascot, the dachshund \"Waldi\", was the first officially named Olympic mascot. The Olympic Fanfare was composed by Herbert Rehbein, a companion of Bert Kaempfert.\nThe Olympic Park is based on Frei Otto's plans and after the Games became a Munich landmark. The competition sites, designed by architect Günther Behnisch, included the Olympic swimming hall, the Olympics Hall and the Olympic Stadium, and an Olympic village very close to the park. The design of the stadium was considered revolutionary, with sweeping canopies of acrylic glass stabilized by metal ropes, used on such a large scale for the first time.
/m/07yx86	The Scottish Labour Party, often branded Scottish Labour, is the part of the United Kingdom's Labour Party, a centre-left political party, that operates in Scotland.\nThe party had held a long dominance over modern Scottish politics, having won the largest share of the vote in Scotland at every UK general election since the 1960s, every European Parliament general election from 1979 until defeated by the SNP in 2009, and in the first two elections to the Scottish Parliament, held in 1999 and 2003. For each of these two terms, Scottish Labour entered into a coalition with the Scottish Liberal Democrats, forming a majority Scottish Executive.\nIn the 2007 Scottish Parliament election the Scottish Labour Party fell back to become the second largest party, with a lower share of the vote and with one fewer seat than the Scottish National Party, who subsequently formed a minority government. It fell back further but remained the second largest party after the 2011 Scottish Parliament election while the SNP advanced to form the first majority government since a Scottish Parliament was re-established in 1999. Scottish Labour hold 37 of 129 seats in the Scottish Parliament, 41 of 59 Scottish seats in the House of Commons and 2 of 6 Scottish seats in the European Parliament.
/m/021pqy	Lagaan is a 2001 Indian epic sports drama film written and directed by Ashutosh Gowariker. Aamir Khan, who was also the producer, stars with Gracy Singh in the lead roles; British actors Rachel Shelley and Paul Blackthorne play the supporting roles. Made on a then-unprecedented budget of 250 million, the film was shot in an ancient village near Bhuj, India.\nThe film is set in the Victorian period of India's colonial British Raj and revolves around the peasants from a barren village who are oppressed by high taxes imposed by their rulers. They attempt to persuade the British officers to reduce the taxes because of poor agricultural production. Instead, a wager is offered: If their village team beats a British team in a game of cricket, their taxes for three years would be cancelled. After accepting this wager, the villagers face the arduous task of learning an alien game and playing for a result that will change their village's destiny.\nLagaan received critical acclaim and awards at international film festivals, as well as many Indian film awards. It became the third Indian film to be nominated for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film after Mother India and Salaam Bombay!. It was one of the biggest box office hits of 2001. In 2010, the film was ranked No. 55 in Empire magazines \"The 100 Best Films of World Cinema\". In 2011, it was listed in Time magazine's special \"The All-TIME 25 Best Sports Movies\".
/m/01z9j2	Greenock A town and administrative centre in the Inverclyde council area in Scotland and a former burgh within the historic county of Renfrewshire, located in the west central Lowlands of Scotland. It forms part of a contiguous urban area with Gourock to the west and Port Glasgow to the east.\nGreenock's population was recorded as being 45,467 in the 2001 census, a decrease from about 78,000 in 1966. It lies on the south bank of the Clyde at the \"Tail of the Bank\" where the River Clyde expands into the Firth of Clyde.
/m/0jcg8	Derbyshire is a county in the East Midlands of England. A substantial portion of the Peak District National Park lies within Derbyshire. The southern extremity of the Pennine range of hills extends into the north of the county. The county contains part of the National Forest, and borders on Greater Manchester to the northwest, West Yorkshire to the north, South Yorkshire to the northeast, Nottinghamshire to the east, Leicestershire to the southeast, Staffordshire to the west and southwest and Cheshire also to the west. In 2003 the Ordnance Survey placed Church Flatts farm, near Coton in the Elms, as the furthest point from the sea in Great Britain.\nThe city of Derby is now a unitary authority area, but remains part of the ceremonial county of Derbyshire. The non-metropolitan county contains 30 towns with between 10,000 and 100,000 inhabitants. There is a large amount of sparsely populated agricultural upland: 75% of the population live in 25% of the area.
/m/0kbws	The 2008 Summer Olympic Games, officially known as the Games of the XXIX Olympiad, was a major international multi-sport event that took place in Beijing, China, from August 8 to 24, 2008. A total of 10,942 athletes from 204 National Olympic Committees competed in 28 sports and 302 events. China became the 22nd nation to host the Olympic Games and the 18th to hold a Summer Olympic Games. It was the third time that the Summer Olympic Games were held in Asia, after Tokyo, Japan, in 1964 and Seoul, South Korea, in 1988. The equestrian events were held in Hong Kong, making it the third time the events of the same Olympics were held under the jurisdiction of two different NOCs, while sailing was contested in Qingdao, and football events took place in several different cities.\nBeijing was awarded the Games over four competitors on July 13, 2001, having won an absolute majority of votes from members of the International Olympic Committee after two rounds of voting. The Government of the People's Republic of China promoted the Games and invested heavily in new facilities and transportation systems. A total of 37 venues were used to host the events, including 12 constructed specifically for use at the Games. The official logo of these Olympic Games, titled \"Dancing Beijing\", featured a stylised calligraphic character jīng, referring to the host city. Media outlets reported unprecedented audience interest in the Games, and these Olympics had the largest television audience in Olympic history to date, an achievement later surpassed by the 2012 Games. Some politicians and non-governmental organizations criticized the choice of China as Olympic host because of the country's human rights record, and protests by pro-Tibetan independence activists and critics of China's human rights record marred the international portion of the Olympic torch relay.
/m/01zt10	Manisha Koirala is a Nepalese actress, as well as a UNFPA Goodwill Ambassador and social activist. Koirala has primarily worked in Bollywood, though she has appeared in several Nepali, Tamil, Telugu and Malayalam films as well. She is also an accomplished Bharatnatyam and Manipuri dancer. Born to politician Prakash Koirala and Sushma Koirala in the politically prominent Koirala family of Nepal, she made her acting debut in the Nepali film Pheri Bhetaula. A year later, Koirala made her Bollywood debut with the top-grossing drama Saudagar. She went on to establish herself as one of the leading actresses in the 90s with such mainstream films as 1942: A Love Story, Agni Sakshi and Gupt.\nRecognised for her acting prowess, Koirala was noted for her performances in films such as Bombay, Akele Hum Akele Tum, Khamoshi: The Musical, Dil Se.., and Company. She has won the Filmfare Critics' Award thrice and has received four nominations for the Filmfare Award for Best Actress so far. Although box-office collections of her films have varied considerably, critics have noted that her niche as an actor remains unharmed irrespective of her commercial potent. Off-screen she is frequented in the media as a \"controversy's child\" with her bohemian stance and candid comments often described as \"outspoken\" and \"bold\".
/m/020ffd	Meredith Vieira is an award winning TV journalist, TV personality and game show host. She is currently the co host of the number one morning show The Today Show. She took over the co hosting duties in 2006. She also hosts the game show Who Wants to be a Millionaire since 2002. Meredith previously was one of the co-host of The View from 1997 to 2006.
/m/03kx49	The Muppet Movie is a 1979 American-British musical comedy film and the first of a series of live-action feature films starring Jim Henson's Muppets. Directed by James Frawley, the film's screenplay was written by The Muppet Show writers Jerry Juhl and Jack Burns.\nProduced by Henson Associates between the third and fourth seasons of The Muppet Show, The Muppet Movie depicts Kermit the Frog as he embarks on a cross-country trip to Hollywood. Along the way, he encounters several of the Muppets— who all share his ambition of finding success in professional show business— while being pursued by a relentless restaurateur with intentions of employing Kermit as a spokesperson for his frog legs business.\nNotable for its surreal humour, meta-references and prolific use of cameos, the film was released in the United States on June 22, 1979, and received critical praise; including two Academy Award nominations for Paul Williams and Kenny Ascher's musical score and their song, \"Rainbow Connection\".
/m/01z52d	Ashford is a town in the borough of Ashford in Kent, England. In 2005 it was voted the fourth-best place to live in the United Kingdom. It lies on the River Great Stour, the M20 motorway, and the South Eastern Main Line and High Speed 1 railways. Its agricultural market is one of the most important in the county. Ashford is a relatively common English placename: it goes back to Old English æscet, indicating a ford near a clump of ash-trees.
/m/0p54z	County Limerick is a county in Ireland. It is located in the Mid-West Region and is also part of the province of Munster. It is named after the city of Limerick. Limerick County Council is the local council for the county. The county's population at the 2011 census 134,703.
/m/017v3q	The College of William & Mary in Virginia is a public research university located in Williamsburg, Virginia, United States. Privately founded in 1693 by letters patent issued by King William III and Queen Mary II, it is the second-oldest institution of higher education in the United States after Harvard University. William & Mary is considered one of the original \"Public Ivies,\" a publicly funded university providing a quality of education comparable to those of the Ivy League.\nWilliam & Mary educated U.S. Presidents Thomas Jefferson, James Monroe, and John Tyler as well as other key figures important to the development of the nation, including U.S. Supreme Court Chief Justice John Marshall, Speaker of the House Henry Clay, and 16 signers of the Declaration of Independence. W&M founded the Phi Beta Kappa academic honor society in 1776 and was the first school of higher education in the United States to install an honor code of conduct for students. The establishment of graduate programs in law and medicine in 1779 make it one of the first universities in the United States.\nIn addition to its undergraduate program, W&M is home to several graduate and professional schools, including law, business, public policy, education, marine science and colonial history.
/m/03k3r	The horse is one of two extant subspecies of Equus ferus. It is an odd-toed ungulate mammal belonging to the taxonomic family Equidae. The horse has evolved over the past 45 to 55 million years from a small multi-toed creature into the large, single-toed animal of today. Humans began to domesticate horses around 4000 BC, and their domestication is believed to have been widespread by 3000 BC. Horses in the subspecies caballus are domesticated, although some domesticated populations live in the wild as feral horses. These feral populations are not true wild horses, as this term is used to describe horses that have never been domesticated, such as the endangered Przewalski's horse, a separate subspecies, and the only remaining true wild horse. There is an extensive, specialized vocabulary used to describe equine-related concepts, covering everything from anatomy to life stages, size, colors, markings, breeds, locomotion, and behavior.\nHorses' anatomy enables them to make use of speed to escape predators and they have a well-developed sense of balance and a strong fight-or-flight response. Related to this need to flee from predators in the wild is an unusual trait: horses are able to sleep both standing up and lying down. Female horses, called mares, carry their young for approximately 11 months, and a young horse, called a foal, can stand and run shortly following birth. Most domesticated horses begin training under saddle or in harness between the ages of two and four. They reach full adult development by age five, and have an average lifespan of between 25 and 30 years.
/m/04y0yc	Urmila Matondkar is an Indian film actress and former child actress. Matondkar, who made her screen debut as a child artist in the 1980 film Kalyug, debuted as an adult in Narasimha. She established herself as a popular actress in mainstream Hindi cinema with her films such as Rangeela, Judaai, and Satya, all of which earned her Filmfare nominations. These roles contributed to a new screen persona, where she was known for her intense style and dancing skills, and was frequently featured in the Indian media as a sex symbol.\nShe subsequently took on several psychological roles, delivering a range of critically acclaimed performances. These parts include a psychopath in Kaun, an obsessive lover in Pyaar Tune Kya Kiya, a possessed woman in Bhoot, and a merciless avenger in Ek Hasina Thi. For her performance in Bhoot, she won her first Filmfare Award in the Best Actress category, among others. She followed with leading roles in art and independent films, such as Tehzeeb, Pinjar, Maine Gandhi Ko Nahin Mara, and Bas Ek Pal.
/m/0fsb_6	The Michigan Wolverines football program represents the University of Michigan in college football at the NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision level. Michigan has the most all-time wins and the second highest winning percentage in college football history behind Notre Dame. The team is known for its distinctive winged helmet, its fight song, its record-breaking attendance figures at Michigan Stadium, and its many rivalries, particularly its annual season-ending game against Ohio State, once voted as ESPN's best sports rivalry.\nMichigan began competing in intercollegiate football in 1879. The Wolverines joined the Big Ten Conference at its inception in 1896, when the conference was commonly known as the Western Conference, and have been members since with the exception of a hiatus from 1907 to 1916. Michigan has won or shared 42 league titles; only Oklahoma and Nebraska have more conference championships with 44 and 43, respectively, in college football. Since the inception of the AP Poll in 1936, Michigan has finished in the top-10 a total of 37 times, behind only Oklahoma and Alabama. The Wolverines claim 11 national championships, most recently that of the 1997 squad voted atop the final AP Poll.
/m/0kbwb	Wayne's World is a 1992 American comedy film directed by Penelope Spheeris and starring Mike Myers in his film debut as Wayne Campbell and Dana Carvey as Garth Algar, hosts of the Aurora, Illinois-based Public-access television cable TV show Wayne's World. The film was adapted from a sketch of the same name on NBC's Saturday Night Live.\nThe film grossed US$121.6 million in its theatrical run, placing it as the tenth highest-grossing film of 1992 and the highest-grossing film ever based on a Saturday Night Live skit. It was directed by Penelope Spheeris, with Myers co-writing the script. It was filmed in 34 days.\nWayne's World was Myers' feature film debut. The film also featured Rob Lowe, Tia Carrere, Lara Flynn Boyle, Brian Doyle-Murray, Robert Patrick, Chris Farley, Ed O'Neill, Ione Skye, Meat Loaf, and Alice Cooper.\nWayne's World received mostly positive reviews upon release and was commercially successful. It was followed by Wayne's World 2. In 1993, readers of Total Film magazine voted Wayne's World the 41st-greatest comedy film of all time.
/m/01c3q	The bassoon is a woodwind instrument in the double reed family that typically plays music written in the bass and tenor clefs, and occasionally the treble. Appearing in its modern form in the 19th century, the bassoon figures prominently in orchestral, concert band and chamber music literature. The bassoon is a non-transposing instrument known for its distinctive tone color, wide range, variety of character and agility. Listeners often compare its warm, dark, reedy timbre to that of a male baritone voice. Someone who plays the bassoon is called a bassoonist.
/m/0dzf_	Robin McLaurin Williams is an American actor, voice actor, and stand-up comedian. Rising to fame with his role as the alien Mork in the TV series Mork & Mindy, Williams went on to establish a successful career in both stand-up comedy and feature film acting. His film career includes such acclaimed films as Good Morning, Vietnam, Dead Poets Society, Awakenings, The Fisher King, and Good Will Hunting, as well as financial successes such as Popeye, Hook, Aladdin, Mrs. Doubtfire, Jumanji, The Birdcage, Night at the Museum, and Happy Feet. He also appeared in the video to \"Don't Worry, Be Happy\" by Bobby McFerrin.\nNominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor three times, Williams went on to receive the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his performance in Good Will Hunting. He has also received two Emmy Awards, four Golden Globes, two Screen Actors Guild Awards and five Grammy Awards.
/m/02xbyr	Tangled is a 2010 American computer animated musical fantasy-comedy film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures. Loosely based on the German fairy tale \"Rapunzel\" in the collection of folk tales published by the Brothers Grimm, it is the 50th animated feature in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series. Featuring the voices of Mandy Moore, Zachary Levi, and Donna Murphy, the film tells the story of a lost princess with long magical hair who yearns to leave her secluded tower. Against her mother's wishes, she accepts the aid of a handsome intruder to take her out into the world which she has never seen.\nBefore the film's release, its title was changed from Rapunzel to Tangled, reportedly to market the film as gender-neutral. Tangled spent six years in production at a cost that has been estimated at $260 million which, if accurate, would make it the most expensive animated film ever made and the second most expensive film of all time. The film employed a unique artistic style by blending features of both computer-generated imagery and traditional animation together, while using non-photorealistic rendering to create the impression of a painting. Composer Alan Menken, who had worked on prior Disney animated features, returned to score Tangled.
/m/03d63lb	Raza Murad is an Indian actor working primarily in Hindi films. He has acted in over 200 Bollywood films. He has portrayed a wide variety of roles from sympathetic brothers and brotherly figures in the 70s to villainous roles in the 80s and later.
/m/06fvc	Red is the color of blood, rubies and strawberries. It is the color of the wavelength of light from approximately 620–740 nm on the electromagnetic spectrum. Next to orange at the end of the visible spectrum, red is commonly associated with danger, sacrifice, passion, fire, beauty, blood, anger, Christmas, socialism, communism, and in China and many other cultures, with happiness.
/m/02yl42	Jonathan Allen Lethem is an American novelist, essayist and short story writer. His first novel, Gun, with Occasional Music, a genre work that mixed elements of science fiction and detective fiction, was published in 1994. It was followed by three more science fiction novels. In 1999, Lethem published Motherless Brooklyn, a National Book Critics Circle Award-winning novel that achieved mainstream success. In 2003, he published The Fortress of Solitude, which became a New York Times Best Seller. In 2005, he received a MacArthur Fellowship.
/m/0262yt	The Hugo Award for Best Novelette is one of the Hugo Awards given each year for science fiction or fantasy stories published in English or translated into English during the previous calendar year. The novelette award is available for works of fiction of between 7,500 and 17,500 words; awards are also given out in the short story, novella and novel categories.\nThe Hugo Award for Best Novelette was first awarded in 1955, and was subsequently awarded in 1956, 1958, and 1959, lapsing in 1960. The category was reinstated for 1967 through 1969, before lapsing again in 1970; after returning in 1973, it has remained to date. In addition to the regular Hugo awards, beginning in 1996 Retrospective Hugo Awards, or \"Retro Hugos\", have been available to be awarded for years 50, 75, or 100 years prior in which no awards were given. To date, Retro Hugo awards have been given for novelettes for 1946, 1951, and 1954.\nHugo Award nominees and winners are chosen by supporting or attending members of the annual World Science Fiction Convention, or Worldcon, and the award presentation constitutes its central event. The selection process is defined in the World Science Fiction Society Constitution as instant-runoff voting with five nominees, except in the case of a tie. These five novelettes on the ballot are the five most-nominated by members that year, with no limit on the number of stories that can be nominated. Initial nominations are made by members in January through March, while voting on the ballot of five nominations is performed roughly in April through July, subject to change depending on when that year's Worldcon is held. Worldcons are generally held near the start of September, and are held in a different city around the world each year.
/m/0dd6bf	Bleach: Memories of Nobody is the first animated film adaptation of the anime and manga series Bleach. Directed by Noriyuki Abe and written by Masashi Sogo, the film was first released in Japanese theaters on December 16, 2006. The DVD was released in Japan on September 5, 2007. To promote the film, the opening and closing credits for episodes 106 through 109 of the Bleach anime use footage from the film. The film's theme music is \"Senno Yoruwo Koete \" by Aqua Timez. The film had a limited theatrical release in the United States from June 11 to June 12, 2008, and in Canada on October 20, 2008 and was followed by the DVD release on October 14, 2008. The film aired on September 5, 2009 on Adult Swim. Animax Asia became the first to air the movie in Asia, as they confirmed the premiere to be on May 2. The Blu-ray was released on May 7, 2012 in the United Kingdom.
/m/0l2hf	Marin County is a county located in the North San Francisco Bay Area of the State of California, across the Golden Gate Bridge from San Francisco County. As of 2010, its population was about 252,400. Its county seat is San Rafael and its largest employer is the county government. Marin County is well known for its natural beauty, liberal politics, and affluence. In May 2009, Marin County had the fifth highest income per capita in the United States at about $91,480. The county is governed by the Marin County Board of Supervisors.\nSan Quentin Prison is located in the county, as is George Lucas' Skywalker Ranch. Autodesk, the publisher of AutoCAD, is also located there, as well as numerous other high-tech companies.\nThe Marin County Civic Center was designed by Frank Lloyd Wright and draws thousands of visitors a year to guided tours of its arch and atrium design. In 1994, a new county jail facility was embedded into the hillside nearby.\nAmerica's oldest cross country running event, the Dipsea Race, takes place annually in Marin County, attracting thousands of athletes. Mountain biking was invented on the slopes of Mount Tamalpais in Marin.\nMarin County's natural sites include the Muir Woods redwood forest, the Marin Headlands, Stinson Beach, the Point Reyes National Seashore, and Mount Tamalpais.
/m/0_2v	The Asian Development Bank is a regional development bank established on 22 August 1966 to facilitate economic development of countries in Asia. The bank admits the members of the United Nations Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific and non-regional developed countries. From 31 members at its establishment, ADB now has 67 members - of which 48 are from within Asia and the Pacific and 19 outside. ADB was modeled closely on the World Bank, and has a similar weighted voting system where votes are distributed in proportion with member's capital subscriptions.\nBy the end of 2012, both the United States and Japan hold the two largest proportions of shares each at 12.78%. China holds 5.45%, India holds 5.36%.
/m/07hpv3	The Boondocks is an American adult animated sitcom on Cartoon Network's late night programming block, Adult Swim. The series premiered on November 6, 2005 and was created by Aaron McGruder, based upon McGruder's comic strip of the same name. The show begins with a black family, the Freemans, having moved from the South Side of Chicago, Illinois, to the fictional, peaceful and mostly white suburb of Woodcrest. The perspective offered by this mixture of cultures, lifestyles, social classes, stereotypes, viewpoints, and races provides for much of the satire, comedy, and conflict in this series.\nThere have been a total of 45 episodes over the course of the show's first three seasons. The two-part season two finale \"The Hunger Strike\" and \"The Uncle Ruckus Reality Show\" was never aired on American television, as Adult Swim feared legal actions against them from BET. Both episodes were aired on Teletoon and were released on DVD in the United States. The season three episodes \"Pause\" and \"The Story of Jimmy Rebel\" have been pulled from general episode rotation following the television debuts and no longer appear in reruns. Despite announcing a fourth season containing twenty episodes to air in January 2014, Adult Swim confirmed on January 12, 2014, that the show would return April 21, 2014, at 10:30PM.
/m/0fx3s	Corticosteroids are a class of chemicals that includes steroid hormones naturally produced in the adrenal cortex of vertebrates and analogues of these hormones that are synthesized in laboratories. Corticosteroids are involved in a wide range of physiological processes, including stress response, immune response, and regulation of inflammation, carbohydrate metabolism, protein catabolism, blood electrolyte levels, and behavior.\nGlucocorticoids such as cortisol control carbohydrate, fat and protein metabolism, and are anti-inflammatory by preventing phospholipid release, decreasing eosinophil action and a number of other mechanisms.\nMineralocorticoids such as aldosterone control electrolyte and water levels, mainly by promoting sodium retention in the kidney.\nSome common natural hormones are corticosterone, cortisone and aldosterone.
/m/011yg9	Sense and Sensibility is a 1995 British-American period drama film directed by Ang Lee and based on Jane Austen's 1811 eponymous novel. Actress Emma Thompson wrote the script and stars as Elinor Dashwood, while Kate Winslet plays Elinor's younger sister Marianne. The story follows the Dashwood sisters – though they are members of a wealthy English family of landed gentry, circumstances result in their sudden destitution, forcing them to seek financial security through marriage. Actors Hugh Grant and Alan Rickman play their respective suitors. It was released on 13 December 1995 in the United States and on 23 February 1996 in the United Kingdom.\nProducer Lindsay Doran, a longtime admirer of Austen's novel, hired Thompson to write the screenplay. The actress spent five years penning numerous revisions, continually working on the script between other films as well as into production of the film itself. Studios were nervous that Thompson – a first-time screenwriter – was the credited writer, but Columbia Pictures agreed to distribute the film. Though she initially intended another actress to portray Elinor, Thompson was persuaded to undertake the part herself, despite the wide disparity with her character's age.
/m/027y151	Willie D. Burton is an American production sound mixer. His career has spanned four decades and has included films such as The Shawshank Redemption, Se7en, and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. Burton has been nominated for the Academy Award for Best Sound or Best Achievement in Sound Mixing a total of seven times, winning twice; he has been nominated for two BAFTA Film Awards for Best Sound, winning once; and he was nominated for one Emmy Award for Outstanding Achievement in Film Sound Mixing for his work on Roots.
/m/08z0wx	Gothic metal is a subgenre of heavy metal that combines the heaviness of doom metal with the dark atmospheres of gothic rock. The music of gothic metal is diverse with bands known to adopt the gothic approach to different styles of heavy metal music. The genre originated during the early 1990s in Europe originally as an outgrowth of death-doom, a fusion of death metal and doom metal. Lyrics are generally dark and introspective with inspiration from gothic fiction as well as personal experiences.\nPioneers of gothic metal include Paradise Lost, My Dying Bride and Anathema, all from the north of England. Other pioneers from the first half of the 1990s include Type O Negative, Saviour Machine from the United States, Tiamat from Sweden, and The Gathering from the Netherlands. Norwegian band Theatre of Tragedy developed the \"beauty and the beast\" aesthetic of combining aggressive male vocals with clean female vocals, a contrast that has since been adopted by many gothic metal groups. During the mid-1990s, Moonspell, Theatres des Vampires and Cradle of Filth brought the gothic approach to black metal. By the end of the decade, a symphonic metal variant of gothic metal had been developed by Tristania and Within Temptation.
/m/0dgrmp	Goalkeeper, often shortened to keeper or goalie, is one of the major positions of football. It is the most specialised position in the sport. The goalkeeper's primary role is to prevent the opposing team from successfully moving the ball over the defended goal-line. This is accomplished by the goalkeeper moving into the path of the ball and either catching it or directing it away from the vicinity of the goal line. Within the Penalty Area goalkeepers are able to use their hands, making them the only players on the field able to handle the ball. Goalkeepers perform goal kicks, and also give commands to their defence during corner kicks, direct and indirect free kicks, and marking. Goalkeepers play an important role in directing on field strategy as they have an unrestricted view of the entire pitch giving them a unique perspective on play development.\nGoalkeepers are required to remain on the pitch at all times though that does not mean they have to be between the sticks all the time. For example goalkeepers may have to take a penalty kick during a penalty shoot-out or even go for a corner late in the game though it is rare, as it leaves the goal unguarded. If a goalkeeper is hurt or sent off a substitute goalkeeper can take his place, if there isn't a substitute, then an outfielder must do so. In the event of a sending off teams often substitute an outfield player so that a specialist player can come in to the team to effectively replace the sent-off goalkeeper. If a team does not have a substitute goalkeeper, or they have already used all of their alloted substitutes for the match, an outfield player has to take his place and wear the goalkeeper kit. Because goalkeeper is the most important job in football as well as being the most difficult position to master, most teams have specialist players that only ever play in goal. Goalkeepers appear to have longer playing careers than outfield players, many not retiring until their late thirties or early forties, an example of this beingPeter Shilton who played for 31 years between 1966 and 1997, retiring at the age of 47. The main squad number for a goalkeeper is no.1 but today though this is still common some goalkeepers now wear other squad numbers when in goal. For example: Despite being no.1 at Liverpool, Pepe Reina has worn the no.25 jersey through all his Liverpool career. No.13, especially in Britain, is the common number for the second choice keeper, though others like 12, 16, 24, 25, even 30 are also common.
/m/09nyf	Brittany is a cultural region in the north-west of France. Previously a kingdom and then a duchy, Brittany was united to the Kingdom of France in 1532 as a province. Brittany has also been referred to as Less, Lesser or Little Britain. Brittany is considered as one of the six Celtic nations.\nBrittany occupies the northwest peninsula of continental Europe in northwest France. It is bordered by the English Channel to the north, the Celtic Sea and the Atlantic Ocean to the west, and the Bay of Biscay to the south. Its land area is 34,023 km². The historical province of Brittany is divided into five departments: Finistère in the west, Côtes-d'Armor in the north, Ille-et-Vilaine in the north east, Loire-Atlantique in the south east and Morbihan in the south on the Bay of Biscay.\nIn 1956, French regions were created by gathering departments among them. The Region of Brittany comprises, since then, four of the five Breton departments, while the remaining area of the old Brittany, the Loire-Atlantique department, around Nantes, forms part of the Pays de la Loire region. This territorial organisation is regularly contested. The Kingdom and the Duchy of Brittany, the province of Brittany, and the modern Region of Brittany cover the western part of Armorica, as it was known during the period of Roman occupation.
/m/022h5x	The Bachelor of Business Administration is a bachelor's degree in commerce and business administration. In most universities, the degree is conferred upon a student after four years of full-time study in one or more areas of business concentrations. The BBA program usually includes general business courses and advanced courses for specific concentrations.\nThe BSBA - a variant on this degree - usually differs as regards to General educational requirements.
/m/0jcgs	Salt Lake County is a county located in the U.S. state of Utah. As of the 2010 census, the population was 1,029,655, making it the most populous county in Utah. Its county seat and largest city is Salt Lake City, the state capital.\nSalt Lake County occupies the Salt Lake Valley, as well as parts of the surrounding mountains, the Oquirrh Mountains to the west and the Wasatch Range to the east. In addition, the Great Salt Lake is partially within the northwestern section of the county. The county is famous for its ski resorts, which led to Salt Lake City hosting the 2002 Winter Olympics.\nSalt Lake County is part of the Salt Lake City Metropolitan Statistical Area as well as the Salt Lake City–Ogden–Clearfield Combined Statistical Area.
/m/073h9x	The 64th Academy Awards ceremony, presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, honored the best films of 1991 in the United States and took place on March 30, 1992, at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion in Los Angeles beginning at 6:00 p.m. PST / 9:00 p.m. EST. During the ceremony, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences presented Academy Awards in 23 categories. The ceremony, televised in the United States by ABC, was produced by Gil Cates and directed by Jeff Margolis. Actor Billy Crystal hosted the show for the third consecutive year. Three weeks earlier, in a ceremony held at the Century Plaza Hotel in Los Angeles on March 7, the Academy Awards for Technical Achievement were presented by host Tom Hanks.\nThe Silence of the Lambs won five awards including Best Picture. Other winners included Terminator 2: Judgment Day with four awards, Beauty and the Beast, Bugsy, and JFK with two, and City Slickers, Deadly Deception: General Electric, Nuclear Weapons and Our Environment, The Fisher King, In the Shadow of the Stars, Manipulation, Mediterraneo, Session Man, and Thelma & Louise with one. The telecast garnered more than 44 million viewers in the United States.
/m/0222qb	Italians are a nation and ethnic group native to Italy who share a common Italian culture, ancestry and speak the Italian language as a mother tongue. Legally, Italians are citizens of the Italian Republic, regardless of ancestry or country of residence, and are distinguished from people of Italian descent and from ethnic Italians living in territories adjacent to the Italian Peninsula.\nIn 2010, in addition to about 56 million Italians in Italy, Italian-speaking autonomous groups are found in neighboring countries: about half a million in Switzerland, a large population in France, and smaller groups in Slovenia and Croatia, primarily in Istria and Dalmatia. Because of wide-ranging diaspora, about 5 million Italian citizens and nearly 80 million people of full or part Italian ancestry live outside of Italy, most notably in South America, North America, Australia and parts of Europe.\nItalians have greatly influenced and contributed to science, arts, technology, cuisine, sports and banking abroad and worldwide. Italian people are generally known for their localism, both regionalist and municipalist, attention to clothing and family values.
/m/0125q1	North Yorkshire is a county in England. It is a non-metropolitan or shire county located in the Yorkshire and the Humber region of England, and a ceremonial county primarily in that region but partly in North East England. Created in 1974 by the Local Government Act 1972 it covers an area of 8,654 square kilometres, making it the largest ceremonial county in England. The majority of the Yorkshire Dales and the North York Moors lie within North Yorkshire's boundaries, and around 40% of the county is covered by National Parks. The largest settlements in North Yorkshire are Harrogate and Scarborough; the county town is Northallerton.
/m/0d1pc	A model, is a person who is employed to promote, display, or advertise commercial products or to serve as a visual object for people who are creating works of art.\nModelling is considered to be different from other types of public performance, such as an acting, dancing or being a mime artist. The boundary between modelling and performing is, however, not well defined, although such activities as appearing in a movie or a play are almost never labelled as modelling.\nTypes of modelling include fashion, glamour, fitness, bikini, fine art, body-part and commercial print models. Models are featured in a variety of media formats including books, magazines, movies, newspapers, and TV. Fashion models are sometimes featured in movies, reality television shows, or music videos.
/m/01pwbn	True crime is a non-fiction literary and film genre in which the author examines an actual crime and details the actions of real people. The genre has been described as infotainment and as factional—a mix of fact and fiction.\nThe crimes most commonly include murder, with tales of serial killers dominating the genre—about 40% in a 2002 survey—, but true crime works have also focused on other subjects, for instance policemen memoirs, and more recently reality police TV shows. Depending on the writer, true crime can adhere strictly to well-established facts in journalistic fashion, or can be highly speculative. Some true crime works are \"instant books\" produced quickly to capitalize on popular demand; these have been described as \"more than formulaic\" and hyper-conventional. Others may reflect years of thoughtful research and inquiry and may have considerable literary merit. Still others revisit historic crimes and propose solutions, such as books examining political assassinations, well-known unsolved murders, or the deaths of celebrities.
/m/09n48	The 2002 Winter Olympics, officially the XIX Olympic Winter Games, were a winter multi-sport event that was celebrated in February 2002 in and around Salt Lake City, Utah, United States. Approximately 2,400 athletes from 78 nations participated in 78 events in fifteen disciplines, held throughout 165 sporting sessions. The 2002 Winter Olympics and the 2002 Paralympic Games were both organized by the Salt Lake Organizing Committee. Utah became the fifth state in the United States to host the Olympic Games, and the 2002 Winter Olympics are the most recent games to be held in the United States.\nThe opening ceremony was held on February 8, 2002, and sporting competitions were held up until the closing ceremony on February 24, 2002. Music for both ceremonies was directed by Mark Watters. Salt Lake City became the most populous area ever to have hosted the Winter Olympics, although the two subsequent host cities' populations were larger. Following a trend, the 2002 Olympic Winter Games were also larger than all prior Winter Games, with 10 more events than the 1998 Winter Olympics in Nagano, Japan; this became a trend with more and more events held in subsequent Games.
/m/04bfg	Kent State University is a public research university located in Kent, Ohio, United States. The university has eight campuses around the Northeast Ohio region with the main campus in Kent being the largest. Other campuses are located in Ashtabula, Burton, East Liverpool, Jackson Township, New Philadelphia, Salem, and Warren, Ohio.\nAs of September 2012, Kent State is one of the largest universities in Ohio with an enrollment of 41,891 students in the eight-campus system and 28,998 students at the main campus in Kent. It is ranked by the Carnegie Foundation as one of the top 77 public research universities in the US and one of the top 76 in community engagement. In 2010, Kent State was ranked as one of the top 200 universities in the world by Times Higher Education. Kent State offers over 300 degree programs, among them 250 baccalaureate, 40 associate's, 50 master's, and 23 doctoral programs of study, which include such notable programs as nursing, business, history, library science, aeronautics, journalism, fashion design and the Liquid Crystal Institute.\nThe university was established in 1910 as the Kent State Normal School as a teacher-training school. The first classes were held in 1912 at various locations and in temporary buildings in Kent. Since then, the university has grown to include many additional baccalaureate and graduate programs of study in the arts and sciences, research opportunities, as well as over 1,000 acres and 119 buildings on the Kent campus. During the late 1960s and early 1970s, the university was known internationally for its student activism in opposition to US involvement in the Vietnam war, due mainly to the events of May 4, 1970.
/m/036921	The Culinary Institute of America is a culinary college located in Hyde Park USA, founded in 1946. The CIA has branch campuses in St. Helena, California, and San Antonio, Texas, as well as a campus in Singapore. It is a not-for-profit academic institution of higher learning. The college offers traditional associate and bachelor's degrees, and the world's largest staff of American Culinary Federation Certified Master Chefs. The college also offers continuing education for professionals in the hospitality industry as well as conferences and consulting services.\nThe college operates on-campus restaurants in Hyde Park, St. Helena, and San Antonio. In addition to professional education, the college also offers recreational classes for non-professionals and branded cookware for the home cook. A number of books, videos, and training materials created by the faculty and staff of the CIA may be obtained for training professionals and non-professionals.
/m/016wyn	Haverford College is a private, coeducational liberal arts college located in Haverford, Pennsylvania, United States, a suburb of Philadelphia. All students of the College are undergraduates, and nearly all reside on campus.\nThe college was founded in 1833 by area members of the Orthodox Philadelphia Yearly Meeting of the Religious Society of Friends to ensure an education grounded in Quaker values for young Quaker men. Although the college no longer has a formal religious affiliation, the Quaker philosophy still influences campus life. Originally an all-male institution, Haverford began admitting female transfer students in the 1970s and became fully co-ed in 1980. Currently, more than half of Haverford's students are women. For most of the 20th century, Haverford's total enrollment was kept below 300, but the school went through two periods of expansion after the 1970s, and its current enrollment is 1,190 students. As of the 2012–2013 academic year, Haverford College's tuition is $43,310; room and board, $13,290; activity fee, $392; and orientation fee, $210. This amounts to a total of $57,202.\nHaverford is a member of the Tri-College Consortium, which allows students to register for courses at both Bryn Mawr College and Swarthmore College. The college enjoys an especially close relationship with Bryn Mawr College. It is also a member of the Quaker Consortium which allows students to cross-register at the College of General Studies and the Wharton School of Business at the University of Pennsylvania. The college was ranked 43rd among all colleges and universities in the 2013 edition of Forbes' \"Top Colleges\", and 9th among national liberal arts colleges by the 2013 edition of U.S. News and World Report. A 2012 Forbes ranking on the colleges which produce the most entrepreneurs per capita placed Haverford first among liberal arts colleges and tenth overall.
/m/01lys3	A substance-related disorder is a condition associated with substance abuse, often involving maladaptive behaviors over a long period of time. In order to be diagnosed with substance dependence an individual must display at least three of the following for a 12-month period: \"development of tolerance to the substance, withdrawal symptoms, persistent desire/unsuccessful attempts to stop using the substance, ingestion of larger amounts of substance, declined life functioning, and persistent use of substance.\" Substance abuse has been found to be most common among people 18 to 25 years of age and is also more common in males than females and in urban residents compared to those who live in rural areas. Over 50 percent of individuals with substance abuse issues have been found to have another psychiatric disorder, something that is termed Comorbid Psychiatric Diagnosis. Substance abuse is not the same in every person; it can differ in terms of the substance abused, the pattern of use and also the type of comorbid illness present, if any.\nSubstance-related disorders can be subcategorized into \"substance use disorders\" and \"substance-induced disorders\".
/m/07h5d	Terence Vance \"Terry\" Gilliam is an American-born British screenwriter, film director, animator, actor and member of the Monty Python comedy troupe. Gilliam has directed several films, including Time Bandits, Brazil, The Adventures of Baron Munchausen, 12 Monkeys, and The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus. The only \"Python\" not born in Britain, he became a naturalised British citizen in 1968. In 2006, he formally renounced his American citizenship.
/m/023s8	Calista Kay Flockhart is an American actress, known for playing the title role in the Fox television comedy-drama series Ally McBeal and for playing Kitty Walker McCallister on the ABC drama, Brothers & Sisters. Throughout her career she has received a Golden Globe Award, a Screen Actors Guild Award and three Emmy Award nominations.
/m/02jgm0	NAC Breda, simply often known as NAC, is a Dutch professional football club, based in Breda, Netherlands. NAC Breda play in the Rat Verlegh Stadium, named after their most important player, Antoon 'Rat' Verlegh. They play in the Dutch Eredivisie and are known by the fierce and fanatic support of their fans. In their history, NAC won one national title in 1921 and won one Cup in 1973.\nNAC was founded on September 19, 1912, when the two clubs ADVENDO and NOAD merged to one club. NOAD is a Dutch abbreviation for Nooit Ophouden, Altijd Doorgaan, while ADVENDO is a Dutch abbreviation for Aangenaam Door Vermaak En Nuttig Door Ontspanning, the C stands for Combinatie. The full name of NAC Breda expands to Nooit opgeven altijd doorgaan, Aangenaam door vermaak en nuttig door ontspanning, Combinatie Breda, the longest football club name in the world. Early 2003 NAC added, as a symbol of gratitude, Breda to their club name, after the City of Breda bought NAC’s Rat Verleghstadium to help the club to cope with financial problems. At the end of season 2009/2010 it appeared, despite earlier denials by management and the chairman, that NAC had a debt of 3.2 million Euros. The crisis lead to the resignation of several board members and the installation of a new board and the appointment of Ed Busselaar as interim managing director. Finally it appeared that NAC had a debt of 7.1 million Euros. In 2012 Stefaan Eskes succeeded Ed Busselaar and in August 2012 NAC Breda reinstated their first logo as the new clublogo for the season 2012/2013.
/m/04mhl	Laurence van Cott Niven is an American science fiction author. His best-known work is Ringworld, which received Hugo, Locus, Ditmar, and Nebula awards. His work is primarily hard science fiction, using big science concepts and theoretical physics. It also often includes elements of detective fiction and adventure stories. His fantasy includes the series The Magic Goes Away, rational fantasy dealing with magic as a non-renewable resource.
/m/0g9pc	A virus is a small infectious agent that replicates only inside the living cells of other organisms. Viruses can infect all types of life forms, from animals and plants to bacteria and archaea.\nSince Dmitri Ivanovsky's 1892 article describing a non-bacterial pathogen infecting tobacco plants, and the discovery of the tobacco mosaic virus by Martinus Beijerinck in 1898, about 5,000 viruses have been described in detail, although there are millions of different types. Viruses are found in almost every ecosystem on Earth and are the most abundant type of biological entity. The study of viruses is known as virology, a sub-speciality of microbiology.\nVirus particles consist of two or three parts: i the genetic material made from either DNA or RNA, long molecules that carry genetic information; ii a protein coat that protects these genes; and in some cases iii an envelope of lipids that surrounds the protein coat when they are outside a cell. The shapes of viruses range from simple helical and icosahedral forms to more complex structures. The average virus is about one one-hundredth the size of the average bacterium. Most viruses are too small to be seen directly with an optical microscope.
/m/0mrs1	Fort Bend County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas, within As of the 2010 census, its population was 585,375. The county seat is Richmond, while its largest city is Sugar Land. The county was founded in 1837 and is named for a blockhouse at a bend of the Brazos River; the fort was the start of the community in early days.\nFort Bend County is included in the Houston–The Woodlands–Sugar Land metropolitan area. Since the 1970s Fort Bend County has been one of the fastest-growing counties in the United States.
/m/053ksp	Sir Ronald Harwood, CBE, FRSL is an author, playwright and screenwriter. He is most noted for his plays for the British stage as well as the screenplays for The Dresser and The Pianist, for which he won the 2003 Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay. He was nominated for the Best Adapted Screenplay Oscar for The Diving Bell and the Butterfly.
/m/032d52	Union Theological Seminary in the City of New York is an independent seminary in New York City. The school is located in Manhattan between Claremont Avenue and Broadway, 120th to 122nd Streets. The seminary was founded in 1836 under the Presbyterian Church in the U.S.A., and is affiliated with nearby Columbia University.\nIn the 20th century, Union was world renowned as a center of liberal Christianity and neo-orthodoxy, in addition to being the birthplace of the Black Liberation Theology, Womanist Theology and Mujerista Theology movements. Union houses the largest theological library in the Western Hemisphere. Though the seminary is more often referred to by the shorter, informal, description \"Union Theological Seminary, New York\" the full incorporated name is as above.
/m/01ygv2	Television Broadcasts Limited, commonly known as TVB, the first wireless commercial television station in Hong Kong, TVB is now one of two free-to-air TV broadcasters in Hong Kong and one of the largest commercial Chinese programme producers in the world. It commenced broadcasting on 19 November 1967. With a staff of about 4,500, it is one of two free-to-air television broadcasters in Hong Kong, the other being Asia Television Limited.\nWhen TVB first began broadcasting, to distinguish it from the cable television broadcaster, Rediffusion Television, it was commonly known as \"Wireless Television\" in Chinese. It is still usually referred to with that name, although there is more than one terrestrial television station now. The company's previous chairman was Sir Run Run Shaw.\nTVB's headquarters is Asia's largest commercial television production center.\nTVB currently operates five free channels in Hong Kong: TVB Jade and TVB Pearl are TVB's flagship television channels. Under the digital terrestrial television platform, which formally commenced on 31 December 2007, J2 and iNEWS are new channels launched with standard definition, while HD Jade is Hong Kong's first 24-hour broadcasting free channel in high definition. TVB currently provides twelve pay-tv channels for its associated company, TVB Pay Vision Limited.
/m/052vwh	Time in China follows a single standard time of UTC+08:00, which is 8 hours ahead of Greenwich Mean Time. China geographically spans five time zones and there were five time zones in use during the Republic of China. Since 1949 all of China has only had a single standard time, but UTC+06:00 is also used unofficially in Xinjiang and Tibet.\nIn mainland China, standard time is called Beijing Time domestically and China Standard Time internationally. In Hong Kong it is called Hong Kong Time; in Macau it is called Macau Standard Time; and in Taiwan it is officially called National Standard Time and also Chungyuan Standard Time.
/m/02vnmc9	Funny Girl is a 1968 romantic musical film directed by William Wyler. The screenplay by Isobel Lennart was adapted from her book for the stage musical of the same title. It is loosely based on the life and career of Broadway and film star and comedienne Fanny Brice and her stormy relationship with entrepreneur and gambler Nicky Arnstein.\nThe film was produced by Brice's son-in-law, Ray Stark. The score is by Bob Merrill and Jule Styne.\nBarbra Streisand, reprising her Broadway role, shared the Academy Award for Best Actress with Katharine Hepburn for The Lion in Winter.\nIn 2006, the American Film Institute ranked the film #16 on its list commemorating AFI's Greatest Movie Musicals. Previously it had ranked the film #41 in its 2002 list of 100 Years ... 100 Passions, the songs \"People\" and \"Don't Rain on My Parade\" at #13 and #46, respectively, in its 2004 list of 100 Years ... 100 Songs, and the line \"Hello, gorgeous\" at #81 in its 2005 list of 100 Years ... 100 Movie Quotes.
/m/0bwtj	Winchester is a historic city and former capital city of England. It is the county town of Hampshire, in South England. The city lies at the heart of the wider City of Winchester, a local government district, and is located at the western end of the South Downs, along the course of the River Itchen. At the time of the 2001 Census, Winchester had a population of 41,420.\nWinchester developed from the Roman town of Venta Belgarum, which developed from an Iron Age oppidum. Winchester's major landmark is Winchester Cathedral, one of the largest cathedrals in Europe, with the distinction of having the longest nave and overall length of all Gothic cathedrals in Europe. The town is also home to the University of Winchester and the famous public school, Winchester College. The city's architectural and historic interest, and its fast links to other towns and cities have led Winchester to become one of the most expensive and desirable areas of the country. A person who is from or resides in Winchester is sometimes locally known as a Wintonian.
/m/0g2lq	Ronald William \"Ron\" Howard is an American film director, producer and actor.\nHe came to prominence playing Opie Taylor in the sitcom The Andy Griffith Show for eight years, and later the teenaged Richie Cunningham in the sitcom Happy Days for six years. He appeared in the films The Music Man in 1962, American Graffiti in 1973, and The Shootist in 1976, the latter during his run on Happy Days.\nHoward made his directorial debut with the 1977 comedy Grand Theft Auto, and left Happy Days in 1980 to focus on directing. His films include Cocoon, Apollo 13, How the Grinch Stole Christmas and A Beautiful Mind, which earned Howard the Academy Award for Best Director. In 2002, Howard conceived the idea for the Fox/Netflix series Arrested Development, on which he also serves as producer and narrator, and plays a semi-fictionalized version of himself.\nIn 2003, Howard was awarded the National Medal of Arts. Asteroid 12561 Howard is named after him. In 2013, Howard was inducted into the Television Hall of Fame.
/m/0838f	Water is the most abundant compound on Earth's surface, covering about 70 percent of the planet. In nature, water exists in liquid, solid, and gaseous states. It is in dynamic equilibrium between the liquid and gas states at standard temperature and pressure. At room temperature, it is a tasteless and odorless liquid, nearly colorless with a hint of blue. Many substances dissolve in water and it is commonly referred to as the universal solvent. Because of this, water in nature and in use is rarely pure and some of its properties may vary slightly from those of the pure substance. However, there are also many compounds that are essentially, if not completely, insoluble in water. Water is the only common substance found naturally in all three common states of matter and it is essential for all life on Earth. Water usually makes up 55% to 78% of the human body.\nIn keeping with the basic rules of chemical nomenclature, water would have a systematic name of dihydrogen monoxide, but this is not among the names published by the International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry and, rather than being used in a chemical context, the name is almost exclusively used as a humorous way to refer to water.
/m/0djb3vw	Restless is a 2011 romantic drama film written by Jason Lew and directed by  Gus Van Sant.\n\n\"Annabel Cotton is a beautiful and charming terminal cancer patient with a deep felt love of life and the natural world. Enoch Brae is a young man who has dropped out of the business of living, after an accident claimed the life of his parents. When these two outsiders chance to meet at a funeral, they find an unexpected common ground in their unique experiences of the world. For Enoch, it includes his best friend Hiroshi (RYO KASE) who happens to be the ghost of a Kamikaze fighter pilot. For Annabel, it involves an admiration of Charles Darwin and an interest in how other creatures live. Upon learning of Annabel's imminent early passing, Enoch offers to help her face her last days with an irreverent abandon, tempting fate, tradition and even death itself.\n\nAs their unique love for each other grows, so do the realities of the world that they have felt closing in on them. Daring, childlike, and distinctly rare - these two bravely face what life has in store for them. Fighting pain, anger and loss with youth, playfulness and originality, these two misfits turn the tables on life and play by their own rules. Their journey begins to collide with the unstoppable march of time, as the natural cycle of life comes to claim Annabel. \n\nDirected by Gus Van Sant, Restless follows Annabel and Enoch’s complex and moving journey together as it culminates in their acceptance of themselves. The relationships they share with their friends, families and each other teach them their greatest lessons of all - that every end begets its own kind of rebirth, and love is deathless.\" - Quoting the synopsis from the 2011 Cannes Film Festival site.
/m/02lfcm	James Michael Imperioli is an American actor and television writer. He is known for his role as Christopher Moltisanti on The Sopranos, for which he won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series in 2004. He also appeared in the TV drama series Law & Order as Detective Nick Falco. Imperioli spent the 2008-2009 television season as Detective Ray Carling in the US version of Life on Mars. He was starring as Detective Louis Fitch in the new ABC police drama Detroit 1-8-7 until its cancellation.
/m/0fk0xk	The 36th Academy Awards, honoring the best in film for 1963, were held on April 13, 1964 at the Santa Monica Civic Auditorium in Santa Monica, California. They were hosted by Jack Lemmon.\nBest Picture winner Tom Jones became the only film in history to garner three Best Supporting Actress nominations; it also tied the Oscar record of five unsuccessful acting nomination, set by Peyton Place at the 30th Academy Awards.\nThis year's winner for Best Actress category was unique. Although playing a supporting role and having a relatively small amount on the screen, Patricia Neal won the Best Actress category for her lead role in Hud. The movie also won for Best Supporting Actor for Melvyn Douglas and Best Cinematography – Black and White. It was the second and, to date, last film to win two acting awards without being nominated for Best Picture.\nAt age 71 Margaret Rutherford set a then record for the oldest winner for Best Supporting Actress. Coincidentally, the year before Patty Duke set a then record for the youngest winner ever. Rutherford was also only the 2nd Oscar winner to be over the age of 70 at the time of her win. The other was Edmund Gwenn.
/m/0838y	Weezer is an American rock band formed in Los Angeles in 1992. The band consists of Rivers Cuomo, Patrick Wilson, Brian Bell, and Scott Shriner. The band's line-up has changed four times since its formation in 1992. They have released nine studio albums, six EPs, and a DVD.\nThe band is best known for their successful singles \"Buddy Holly\", \"Undone – The Sweater Song\", \"Say It Ain't So\", \"Perfect Situation\", \"Island in the Sun\", \"Beverly Hills\" and \"Pork and Beans\". The band's eighth studio album, Hurley, was released on September 14, 2010 on Epitaph Records. Additionally, a deluxe release of their 1996 album Pinkerton and a compilation of rare and previously unreleased songs titled Death to False Metal were released on November 2, 2010. The band has sold 9,200,000 albums in the US and 17,525,000 worldwide
/m/0qyzb	Walnut Creek is a city in Contra Costa County, California, United States, located 16 miles east of the city of Oakland in the East Bay region of the San Francisco Bay Area. Although not as large as neighboring Concord, Walnut Creek serves as a hub for the neighboring cities within central Contra Costa County, due in part to its location at the junction of the highways from Sacramento and San Jose and San Francisco/Oakland, as well as its accessibility by BART. The city's total estimated population, as of 2011, is 65,211.
/m/0y2dl	Glen Cove is a city in Nassau County, New York on the North Shore of Long Island. As of the United States 2010 Census, the city population was 26,964.\nPart of the early 20th century Gold Coast of the North Shore, Glen Cove has a diverse population. Glen Cove is one of the two of Nassau County's five municipalities that is a city, rather than a town. The other city in Nassau County is Long Beach on the South Shore.
/m/02_p5w	James Jonah \"Jim\" Cummings is an American voice actor and singer, who has appeared in almost 400 roles. He is known for voicing Darkwing Duck, Dr. Robotnik from Sonic the Hedgehog, and Pete, as well as being the current voice of both Winnie the Pooh and Tigger, as well as the Tasmanian Devil. He has performed in numerous animated Disney and DreamWorks movies including Aladdin, The Lion King, Antz, The Road to El Dorado, Shrek, and The Princess and the Frog. He has also provided voice-over work for video games, such as Icewind Dale, The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, Baldur's Gate, Mass Effect 2, Star Wars: The Old Republic, World of Warcraft: Mists of Pandaria, and Splatterhouse.
/m/0clpml	The James Bond series focuses on a fictional character created in 1953 by writer Ian Fleming, who featured him in twelve novels and two short-story collections. Since Fleming's death in 1964 seven other authors have written authorised Bond novels or novelizations: Kingsley Amis, Christopher Wood, John Gardner, Raymond Benson, Sebastian Faulks, Jeffery Deaver and William Boyd. Additionally, Charlie Higson wrote a series on a young James Bond, and Kate Westbrook wrote three novels based on the diaries of a recurring series character, Moneypenny.\nThe fictional British Secret Service agent has also been adapted for television, radio, comic strip, video games and film. The films are the longest continually running and the second-highest grossing film series to date, which started in 1962 with Dr. No, starring Sean Connery as Bond. As of 2014, there have been twenty-three films in the Eon Productions series. The most recent Bond film, Skyfall, stars Daniel Craig in his third portrayal of Bond; he is the sixth actor to play Bond in the Eon series. There have also been two independent productions of Bond films: Casino Royale and Never Say Never Again.
/m/09p3h7	The 59th Golden Globe Awards, honoring the best in film and US television for 2001, were held on January 20, 2002.
/m/0cbxl0	Manish Malhotra is one of India's most successful fashion designers. Malhotra has designed for many leading actresses in Bollywood. He is known in the Indian film industry for his different style and his ability to envision a 'look' for the character. He is known for designing the costumes for Urmila Matondkar in the film Rangeela. Stars including Sridevi, Kajol, Karisma Kapoor, Kareena Kapoor, Rani Mukherji, Aishwarya Rai Bachchan, Priyanka Chopra, Katrina Kaif, Sonam Kapoor and Preity Zinta have worn his designs. Although he usually designs for women, he designed for Shahrukh Khan in Mohabbatein and Imran Khan in I Hate Luv Storys. He was also asked to design clothes for Michael Jackson when he visited India for a Bollywood show.\nHis designs have been seen in films such as Raja Hindustani, Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge, Kuch Kuch Hota Hai, Dhadkan and Kaho Naa... Pyaar Hai.\nManish has trained fellow designer Surily Goel, who made her debut at Lakme Fashion Week 2006.\nIn 2005, he began a talk show named The Manish Malhotra Show.
/m/02zccd	The University of Louisiana at Lafayette, or UL Lafayette, is a coeducational, public, research university located in Lafayette, in the U.S. state of Louisiana. It has the largest enrollment within the nine-campus University of Louisiana System and has the second largest enrollment in Louisiana.\nFounded in 1898 as an industrial school, the institution developed into a four-year university during the twentieth century and became known by its present name in 1999. Concurrently the university evolved into a national research and doctoral university as noted by its Carnegie categorization as a RU/H: research university. It offers Louisiana's only Ph.D. in francophone studies and Louisiana's only industrial design degree. The university has achieved several milestones in computer science, engineering and architecture. It is also home to a distinct College of the Arts.
/m/071jv5	Hans Dreier was a film art director.\nBorn in Bremen, Germany, Dreier began his career in German film in 1919 and by the end of the 1920s had relocated to Hollywood.\nHe made contributions to nearly 500 films during his lengthy career, including It's a Gift starring W.C. Fields. He was nominated for Academy Awards for his art direction, on 23 occasions.\nHe won Academy Awards for Best Art Direction for Frenchman's Creek and Samson and Delilah. He also won the award for Art Direction for Sunset Boulevard.
/m/09n3wz	An anthology series is a radio or television series that presents a different story and a different set of characters in each episode or season. These usually have a different cast each week, but several series in the past, such as Four Star Playhouse, employed a permanent troupe of character actors who would appear in a different drama each week. Some anthology series, such as Studio One, began on radio and then expanded to television.
/m/0cyn3	Nassau County is a suburban county on Long Island, immediately east of New York City in the U.S. state of New York, within the New York Metropolitan Area. As of the 2010 census, the population was 1,339,532, estimated to have increased to 1,349,233 in 2012. The name of the county comes from an old name for Long Island, which was at one time named Nassau, after the Dutch Prince William of Nassau, Prince of Orange. The county colors are also the colors of the House of Orange. Nassau's county seat is located in the village of Garden City, within the Mineola 11501 zip code. In 2012, Forbes magazine, in an article based on the U.S. Census Bureau's American Community Survey, reported that Nassau County was one of the highest income counties in the United States and the wealthiest in the State of New York, comprising four of the nation's top ten towns by median income.\nNassau, together with Suffolk County to its immediate east, are generally referred to as \"Long Island\" by area residents—as distinct from the New York City boroughs of Queens and Brooklyn, which are geographically located on the island's westernmost end. Two cities, three towns, 64 incorporated villages, and more than 60 unincorporated hamlets are located within the county. The U.S. Postal Service has organized Nassau County into 111 different 5-digit ZIP codes served by 67 postal address names. There are 56 public school districts within the county. Post office districts and school districts use the same names as a city, hamlet, or village within them, but each sets the boundaries independently.
/m/0dq6p	The Video Home System is a consumer-level analog recording videotape-based cassette standard developed by Victor Company of Japan.\nThe 1970s was a period when video recording became a major contributor to the television industry. Like many other technological innovations, each of several companies made an attempt to produce a television recording standard that the majority of the world would embrace. At the peak of it all, the home video industry was caught up in a series of videotape format wars. Two of the formats, VHS and Betamax, received the most media exposure. VHS would eventually win the war, and therefore succeed as the dominant home video format, lasting throughout the tape format period.\nIn later years, optical disc formats began to offer better quality than video tape. The earliest of these formats, Laserdisc, was not widely adopted, but the subsequent DVD format eventually did achieve mass acceptance and replaced VHS as the preferred method of distribution after 2000.
/m/04j13sx	Network is a 1976 American satirical film written by Paddy Chayefsky and directed by Sidney Lumet, about a fictional television network, UBS, and its struggle with poor ratings. The film stars Faye Dunaway, William Holden, Peter Finch, and Robert Duvall and features Wesley Addy, Ned Beatty, and Beatrice Straight.\nThe film won four Academy Awards, in the categories of Best Actor, Best Actress, Best Supporting Actress, and Best Original Screenplay.\nIn 2000, the film was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant\". In 2002, it was inducted into the Producers Guild of America Hall of Fame as a film that has \"set an enduring standard for U.S. American entertainment\". In 2006, Chayefsky's script was voted one of the top-ten screenplays by the Writers Guild of America, East. In 2007, the film was 64th among the 100 greatest American films as chosen by the American Film Institute, a ranking slightly higher than the one AFI had given it ten years earlier.
/m/01x209s	Rita Moreno is a Puerto Rican actress and singer. She is the only Hispanic and one of the few performers to have won all four major annual American entertainment awards, which include an Oscar, an Emmy, a Grammy and a Tony, and was the second Puerto Rican to win an Academy Award.
/m/03xx3m	Robert Bushnell Ryan was an American actor who often played hardened cops and ruthless villains.
/m/0dcz8_	Hellboy II: The Golden Army is a 2008 American supernatural superhero film based on the fictional character Hellboy created by Mike Mignola. The movie was written and directed by Guillermo del Toro and is a sequel to the 2004 film Hellboy, which del Toro also directed. Ron Perlman reprises his starring role as the eponymous character. The film was commercially released on July 11, 2008 in the United States and Canada by Universal Pictures.
/m/0lk90	Hilary Erhard Duff is an American actress, singer-songwriter, entrepreneur, model, producer and author. Born and raised in Houston, Texas, she appeared in local theater productions and television commercials in her early childhood. Duff was established as a teen idol after being cast in the Disney Channel television series Lizzie McGuire in the early 2000s and its motion picture The Lizzie McGuire Movie, in which she portrayed the titular character. She later appeared in feature films including Agent Cody Banks, Cheaper by the Dozen, A Cinderella Story, and Cheaper by the Dozen 2, which are among the biggest commercial successes of her career. Duff has additionally appeared in numerous television dramas and comedies such as Joan of Arcadia, Ghost Whisperer, Law & Order: SVU and Two and a Half Men, besides landing an award-winning role in the third season of Gossip Girl. Other than that, she had also acted in several independent films with praised roles in War, Inc., According to Greta and Bloodworth. Besides being a producer for a few of the movies she starred in; According to Greta and Beauty & the Briefcase, Duff has served as a voice actress for a number of animated features. In 2014, she co-starred in a pilot for a new sitcom currently titled Younger.
/m/011kn2	The University of Ottawa is a bilingual public research university in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. The main campus is located on 42.5 hectares in the residential neighbourhood of Sandy Hill, adjacent to Ottawa's Rideau Canal. The University offers a wide variety of academic programs, administered by ten faculties. It is a member of the U15, a group of research-intensive universities in Canada.\nThe University of Ottawa was first established as the College of Bytown in 1848 by the first bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Ottawa Joseph-Bruno Guigues. Placed under the direction of the Oblates of Mary Immaculate, it was renamed the College of Ottawa in 1861 and received university status five years later through royal charter. On 5 February 1889, the University was granted a pontifical charter by Pope Leo XIII, elevating the institution to a pontifical university. The University was reorganized on 1 July 1965 as a corporation, independent from any outside body or religious organization. As a result, the civil and pontifical charters were kept by the newly created Saint Paul University, federated with the University. The remaining civil faculties were retained by the reorganized University.
/m/03yhgp	Weymouth Football Club is an English football club based in the town of Weymouth, who currently play in the Southern League Premier Division. The club is affiliated to the Dorset County Football Association and is a FA chartered Standard club.
/m/012lzc	Self-help, or self-improvement, is a self-guided improvement—economically, intellectually, or emotionally—often with a substantial psychological basis. Many different self-help groupings exist and each has its own focus, techniques, associated beliefs, proponents and in some cases, leaders. \"Self-help culture, particularly Twelve-Step culture, has provided some of our most robust new language: recovery, dysfunctional families, and codependency.\"\nSelf-help often utilizes publicly available information or support groups, on the Internet as well as in person, where people in similar situations join together. From early examples in self-driven legal practice and home-spun advice, the connotations of the word have spread and often apply particularly to education, business, psychology and psychotherapy, commonly distributed through the popular genre of self-help books. According to the APA Dictionary of Psychology, potential benefits of self-help groups that professionals may not be able to provide include friendship, emotional support, experiential knowledge, identity, meaningful roles, and a sense of belonging.\nGroups associated with health conditions may consist of patients and caregivers. As well as featuring long-time members sharing experiences, these health groups can become lobby groups and clearing-houses for educational material. Those who help themselves by learning about health problems can be said to exemplify self-help, while self-help groups can be seen more as peer-to-peer support.
/m/03y1mlp	Lindy Hemming is a Welsh costume designer, who won the Academy Award for Costume Design for Topsy-Turvy. After studying at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art, she designed costumes for productions at West End theatres, the Royal Shakespeare Company and the Royal National Theatre, and has also created costumes for the James Bond films from GoldenEye to Casino Royale.\nOther films she has worked on include The Krays, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Lara Croft: Tomb Raider, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, Lara Croft Tomb Raider: The Cradle of Life, as well as Christopher Nolan's Batman films Batman Begins, The Dark Knight, and The Dark Knight Rises.\nAt the Costume Designers Guild Awards 2008, she won Best Costume Design in a Fantasy Film for The Dark Knight.
/m/015g7	Bratislava is the capital of Slovakia and, with a population of about 500,000, the country's largest city. Bratislava is in southwestern Slovakia, occupying both banks of the Danube River and the left bank of the Morava River. Bordering Austria and Hungary, it is the only national capital that borders two independent countries.\nBratislava is the political, cultural, and economic centre of Slovakia. It is the seat of the Slovak president, the parliament, and the Slovak Executive. It is home to several universities, museums, theatres, galleries and other important cultural and educational institutions. Many of Slovakia's large businesses and financial institutions also have headquarters there.\nThe history of the city has been strongly influenced by people of different nations and religions, namely by Austrians, Czechs, Germans, Hungarians, Jews, Serbs and Slovaks. The city was the capital of the Kingdom of Hungary, a part of the larger Habsburg Monarchy territories, from 1536 to 1783 and has been home to many Slovak, Hungarian, and German historical figures.
/m/04zngls	The Hugo Awards are given every year by the World Science Fiction Society for the best science fiction or fantasy works and achievements of the previous year. The award is named after Hugo Gernsback, the founder of the pioneering science fiction magazine Amazing Stories, and was once officially known as the Science Fiction Achievement Award. The award has been described as \"a fine showcase for speculative fiction\" and \"the best known literary award for science fiction writing\". The Hugo Award for Best Professional Artist is given each year for artists of works related to science fiction or fantasy released in the previous calendar year.\nThe Professional Artist award has been given annually under several names since 1955, with the exception of 1957. The inaugural 1953 Hugo awards recognized \"Best Interior Illustrator\" and \"Best Cover Artist\" categories, awarded to Virgil Finlay and a tie between Hannes Bok and Ed Emshwiller, respectively. The Best Professional Artist award was simply named \"Best Artist\" in 1955 and 1956, was not awarded in 1957, and was named \"Outstanding Artist\" in 1958, finally changing to its current name the following year. Beginning in 1996 Retrospective Hugo Awards, or \"Retro Hugos\", have been available to be awarded for years 50, 75, or 100 years prior in which no awards were given. To date, Retro Hugo awards have been awarded for 1946, 1951, and 1954, and in each case an award for professional artist was given.
/m/07bs0	Tennis is a sport people usually play individually against a single opponent or between two teams of two players each. Each player uses a racquet that is strung with cord to strike a hollow rubber ball covered with felt over or around a net and into the opponent's court. The object of the game is to play the ball in such a way that the opponent is not able to play a good return.\nTennis is an Olympic sport and is played at all levels of society and at all ages. The sport can be played by anyone who can hold a racquet, including wheelchair users. The modern game of tennis originated in Birmingham, England, in the late 19th century as \"lawn tennis\". It had close connections both to various field games such as croquet and bowls as well as to the older racquet sport of real tennis. During most of the 19th-century in fact, the term \"tennis\" referred to real tennis, not lawn tennis: for example, in Disraeli's novel Sybil, Lord Eugene De Vere announces that he will \"go down to Hampton Court and play tennis.\"\nThe rules of tennis have changed little since the 1890s. Two exceptions are that from 1908 to 1961 the server had to keep one foot on the ground at all times, and the adoption of the tie-break in the 1970s. A recent addition to professional tennis has been the adoption of electronic review technology coupled with a point challenge system, which allows a player to contest the line call of a point.
/m/0r_ch	Hilo is the largest census-designated place and the largest settlement on the Island of Hawaiʻi, also known as the County of Hawaiʻi. The population was 40,759 at the 2000 census. The population increased by 6.1% to 43,263 at the 2010 census.\n\nHilo is the county seat of the County of Hawaiʻi and is located in the District of South Hilo. The town overlooks Hilo Bay, situated upon two shield volcanoes; Mauna Loa, an active volcano, and Mauna Kea, a dormant volcano and the site of the world's most important ground-based astronomical observatories. The majority of human settlement in Hilo stretches from Hilo Bay to Waiākea-Uka, on the flanks of Mauna Loa.\nHilo is home to the University of Hawaiʻi at Hilo, ʻImiloa Astronomy Center of Hawaiʻi, as well as the Merrie Monarch Festival, a week-long celebration of ancient and modern hula which takes place annually after Easter. Hilo is also home to the Mauna Loa Macadamia Nut Corporation, one of the world's leading producers of macadamia nuts. It is served by Hilo International Airport, located inside the CDP.
/m/06vsbt	Vincent Paul Kartheiser is an American actor known for playing Connor in Angel and Pete Campbell in Mad Men.
/m/09lk2	Nord is a department in the far north of France.\nIt was created from the western halves of the historical counties of Flanders and Hainaut, and the Bishopric of Cambrai. The modern coat of arms was inherited from the County of Flanders.\nNord is the only French département in which a Dutch dialect is spoken along with French as a native language. It is the country's most populous department.
/m/0bk17k	SSV Jahn Regensburg is a German football club based in Regensburg, Bavaria. The team was part of a larger sports club founded in 1889 as Turnerbund Jahn Regensburg which took its name from Friedrich Ludwig Jahn, whose ideas of gymnastics greatly influenced German sport in the 19th century. The football department was created in 1907. The footballers and swimmers left their parent club in 1924 to form Sportbund Jahn Regensburg.
/m/08433	William Seward Burroughs II was an American novelist, short story writer, essayist, painter, and spoken word performer. A primary figure of the Beat Generation and a major postmodernist author, he is considered to be \"one of the most politically trenchant, culturally influential, and innovative artists of the 20th century\". His influence is considered to have affected a range of popular culture as well as literature. Burroughs wrote 18 novels and novellas, six collections of short stories and four collections of essays. Five books have been published of his interviews and correspondences. He also collaborated on projects and recordings with numerous performers and musicians, and made many appearances in films.\nHe was born to a wealthy family in St. Louis, Missouri, grandson of the inventor and founder of the Burroughs Corporation, William Seward Burroughs I, and nephew of public relations manager Ivy Lee. Burroughs began writing essays and journals in early adolescence. He left home in 1932 to attend Harvard University, studied English, and anthropology as a postgraduate, and later attended medical school in Vienna. After being turned down by the Office of Strategic Services and U.S. Navy in 1942 to serve in World War II, he dropped out and became afflicted with the drug addiction that affected him for the rest of his life, while working a variety of jobs. In 1943 while living in New York City, he befriended Allen Ginsberg and Jack Kerouac, the mutually influential foundation of what became the countercultural movement of the Beat Generation.
/m/02knnd	Alan Walbridge Ladd was an American film actor and one of the great celebrities of the 1940s and early 1950s. After this, his fame diminished, though he continued to appear in popular films until his premature death.
/m/04thp	Macau, also spelled Macao, is one of the two Special Administrative Regions of the People's Republic of China, the other being Hong Kong. Macau lies on the western side of the Pearl River Delta across from Hong Kong to the east, bordered by Guangdong Province to the north and facing the South China Sea to the east and south. The territory's economy is heavily dependent on gambling and tourism, but also includes manufacturing. The Cantonese people from Hong Kong and Guangdong, especially recent mainland tourism from Mandarin-speaking regions, have boosted the economy of Macau significantly.\nA former Portuguese colony, Macau was administered by Portugal from the mid-16th century until late 1999, when it was the last remaining European colony in Asia. Portuguese traders first settled in Macau in the 1550s. In 1557, Macau was rented to Portugal by the Chinese empire as a trading port. The Portuguese administered the city under Chinese authority and sovereignty until 1887, when Macau became a colony of the Portuguese empire. Sovereignty over Macau was transferred back to China on 20 December 1999. The Sino-Portuguese Joint Declaration and the Basic Law of Macau stipulate that Macau operate with a high degree of autonomy until at least 2049, fifty years after the transfer. By 2002, it had become one of the world's richest cities. It became the world's biggest gambling centre in 2006.
/m/012fzm	Torquay is a seaside town in Devon, England, part of the unitary authority area of Torbay. It lies 18 miles south of the county town of Exeter and 28 miles east-north-east of Plymouth, on the north of Tor Bay, adjoining the neighbouring town of Paignton on the west of the bay and across from the fishing port of Brixham. In the 2011 UK Census, Torquay's population was 65,245, about half of that of the whole of Torbay.\nThe town's economy, like Brixham's, was initially based upon fishing and agriculture, but in the early 19th century the town began to develop into a fashionable seaside resort, initially frequented by members of the Royal Navy during the Napoleonic Wars while the Royal Navy anchored in the bay. Later, as the town's fame spread, it was popular with the crème de la crème of Victorian society. Renowned for its healthful climate, the town earned the nickname of the English Riviera and favourable comparisons to Montpellier.\nTorquay was the home of the writer Agatha Christie, who was born in the town and lived there during her early years. The town contains an \"Agatha Christie Mile\", a tour with plaques dedicated to her life and work.
/m/0dcqh	Multiple sclerosis, also known as disseminated sclerosis or encephalomyelitis disseminata, is an inflammatory disease in which the insulating covers of nerve cells in the brain and spinal cord are damaged. This damage disrupts the ability of parts of the nervous system to communicate, resulting in a wide range of signs and symptoms, including physical, mental, and sometimes psychiatric problems. MS takes several forms, with new symptoms either occurring in isolated attacks or building up over time. Between attacks, symptoms may go away completely; however, permanent neurological problems often occur, especially as the disease advances.\nWhile the cause is not clear, the underlying mechanism is thought to be either destruction by the immune system or failure of the myelin-producing cells. Proposed causes for this include genetics and environmental factors such as infections. MS is usually diagnosed based on the presenting signs and symptoms and the results of supporting medical tests.\nThere is no known cure for multiple sclerosis. Treatments attempt to improve function after an attack and prevent new attacks. Medications used to treat MS while modestly effective can have adverse effects and be poorly tolerated. Many people pursue alternative treatments, despite a lack of evidence. The long-term outcome is difficult to predict, with good outcomes more often seen in women, those who develop the disease early in life, those with a relapsing course, and those who initially experienced few attacks. Life expectancy is 5 to 10 years lower than that of an unaffected population.
/m/01w31x	Century Media Records is an Independent record label with offices in the United States, Germany, and Australia.
/m/01dyk8	ETH Zürich is an engineering, science, technology, mathematics and management university in the city of Zürich, Switzerland. Like its sister institution Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Lausanne, it is an integral part of the Swiss Federal Institutes of Technology Domain that is directly subordinate to Switzerland's Federal Department of Economic Affairs, Education and Research.\nETH Zürich is consistently ranked by major World University studies as among the top universities in the world. It is considered the best university in continental Europe by the Shanghai Ranking ARWU, the Times Higher Education World University Rankings Ranking and the QS World University Ranking. It is currently ranked 4th in Europe overall, and 8th best university in the world in engineering, science and technology. Twenty-one Nobel Prizes have been awarded to students or professors of the Institute in the past, the most famous of which is Albert Einstein in 1921, and the most recent is Kurt Wüthrich in 2002. It is a founding member of the IDEA League and the International Alliance of Research Universities and a member of the CESAER network.
/m/050ks	Maine is a state in the New England region of the northeastern United States, bordered by the Atlantic Ocean to the east and south; New Hampshire to the west; the Canadian provinces of Quebec to the northwest; and New Brunswick to the northeast. Maine is both the northernmost and easternmost portion of New England. It is known for its scenery—its jagged, mostly rocky coastline, its low, rolling mountains, its heavily forested interior, and picturesque waterways—as well as for its seafood cuisine, especially lobsters and clams.\nFor thousands of years, indigenous peoples were the only inhabitants of the territory that is now Maine. At the time of European encounter, several Algonquian-speaking peoples inhabited the area. The first European settlement in Maine was by the French in 1604 on Saint Croix Island, by Pierre Dugua, Sieur de Mons. The first English settlement in Maine, the short-lived Popham Colony, was established by the Plymouth Company in 1607. A number of English settlements were established along the coast of Maine in the 1620s, although the rugged climate, deprivations, and conflict with the local peoples caused many to fail over the years.\nAs Maine entered the 18th century, only a half dozen European settlements had survived. Patriot and British forces contended for Maine's territory during the American Revolution and the War of 1812. Maine was part of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts until 1820 when it voted to secede from Massachusetts. On March 15, 1820, it was admitted to the Union as the 23rd state under the Missouri Compromise. Maine is the 39th most extensive and the 41st most populous of the 50 United States. With respect to crime rates, Maine is also often considered the safest state in the U.S.
/m/0p_x	The Adriatic Sea is a body of water separating the Italian Peninsula from the Balkan peninsula and the Apennine Mountains from the Dinaric Alps and adjacent ranges. The Adriatic is the northernmost arm of the Mediterranean Sea, extending from the Strait of Otranto to the northwest and the Po Valley. The countries with coasts on the Adriatic are Italy, Croatia, Albania, Montenegro, Bosnia-Herzegovina, and Slovenia. The Adriatic contains over 1,300 islands, mostly located along its eastern, Croatian, coast. It is divided into three basins, the northern being the shallowest and the southern being the deepest, with a maximum depth of 1,233 metres. The Otranto Sill, an underwater ridge, is located at the border between the Adriatic and Ionian Seas. The prevailing currents flow counterclockwise from the Strait of Otranto, along the eastern coast and back to the strait along the western coast. Tidal movements in the Adriatic are slight, although larger amplitudes are known to occur occasionally. The Adriatic's salinity is lower than the Mediterranean's because the Adriatic collects a third of the fresh water flowing into the Mediterranean, acting as a dilution basin. The surface water temperatures generally range from 24 °C in summer to 12 °C in winter, significantly moderating the Adriatic Basin's climate.
/m/0rn0z	Ocala is a city in Marion County, Florida. As of the 2012, the population estimated by the U.S. Census Bureau was 56,945, making it the 45th most populated city in Florida.\nIt is the county seat of Marion County and the principal city of the Ocala, Florida Metropolitan Statistical Area, which had an estimated 2012 population of 335,125.
/m/0134w7	Emma Charlotte Duerre Watson is an English actress and model. She rose to prominence playing Hermione Granger in the Harry Potter film series; she was cast as Hermione at the age of nine, having previously acted only in school plays. She starred in all eight Harry Potter films, alongside Daniel Radcliffe and Rupert Grint. Watson's work on the Harry Potter series has earned her several awards and more than £10 million. She made her modelling debut for Burberry's autumn/winter campaign in 2009. In October 2013, she was voted Sexiest Female Movie Star in a worldwide poll conducted by Empire magazine.\nIn 2007, Watson announced her involvement in The Tale of Despereaux and the television adaptation of the novel Ballet Shoes, which was broadcast on 26 December 2007 to an audience of 5.2 million. The Tale of Despereaux, based on the novel by Kate DiCamillo, was released in 2008 and grossed more than US$86 million in worldwide sales. In 2012, she starred in Stephen Chbosky's film adaptation of The Perks of Being a Wallflower, and was cast in the role of Ila in Darren Aronofsky's biblical epic Noah.
/m/0143q0	AFI is an American rock band from Ukiah, California formed in 1991. They have had the same lineup since 1998: lead vocalist Davey Havok, drummer and backup vocalist Adam Carson, with bassist Hunter Burgan and guitarist Jade Puget, who both play keyboard and contribute backup vocals. Of the current lineup, Havok and Carson are the two remaining original members. They are currently managed by David \"Beno\" Benveniste's Velvet Hammer Music and Management Group.\nDuring AFI's 20 years as a band, they have released nine studio albums, 10 EPs, one live album and one DVD. It was not until the release of the band's fifth album The Art of Drowning that they achieved commercial success; the album peaked at number 174 on the Billboard 200 and it also peaked at number 9 on the Billboard Top Heatseekers Albums Chart.\nThe band enjoyed its first major commercial success 12 years after it formed, in 2003, with Sing the Sorrow reaching number five on the Billboard 200, and remaining on the chart for 51 weeks. The album was supported by popular singles \"Girl's Not Grey\" and \"Silver and Cold\", both of which peaked at number seven on America's Hot Modern Rock Tracks chart in 2003. \"The Leaving Song Pt. II\" was also released as a single, reaching number 16 on the chart. It went onto receive Platinum certification in the US, having sold over 1.2 million copies as of September 2009.
/m/01fzpw	The Illegal drug trade is a global black market that is dedicated to the cultivation, manufacturing, distribution, and sale of drugs that are subject to drug prohibition laws. Most jurisdictions prohibit trade, except under license, of many types of drugs through the use of drug prohibition laws.\nA UN report said \"the global drug trade generated an estimated US $321.6 billion in 2003.\" With a world GDP of US$36 trillion in the same year, the illegal drug trade may be estimated as nearly 1% of total global trade. Consumption of illegal drugs is widespread globally.
/m/035tlh	Alpha Sigma Phi Fraternity and Foundation is a fraternity with 87 active chapters and 22 colonies and four interest groups. Founded at Yale in 1845, it is the 10th oldest fraternity in the United States.\nThe fraternity practices many traditions. Their Latin motto is, Causa Latet Vis Est Notissima. The fraternity's official symbol is the phoenix, as the phoenix rises from the ashes of its old body, signifying the re-founding of the fraternity in the early 1900s. Due to active expansion efforts, Alpha Sigma Phi continues to offer services and opportunities to over 2,500 undergraduate students and 70,000 living alumni.
/m/06l8d	A restaurant is a business establishment which prepares and serves food and drink to customers in return for money, either paid before the meal, after the meal, or with a running tab. Meals are generally served and eaten on premises, but many restaurants also offer take-out and food delivery services. Restaurants vary greatly in appearance and offerings, including a wide variety of the main chef's cuisines and service models.
/m/01x1cn2	Beverly Grace Jones is a Jamaican singer, actress and model.\nShe was born in Spanish Town, Jamaica and raised by her grandparents. When she was thirteen she and her siblings moved to her parents' home in Syracuse, New York. Jones started out as a model, initially in New York state, then in Paris, working for Yves St. Laurent, Claude Montana, and Kenzo Takada, and appearing on the covers of Elle, Vogue, and Stern working with Helmut Newton, Guy Bourdin, and Hans Feurer.\nIn 1977, Jones secured a record deal with Island Records. In 1980 Jones, with the aid of Compass Point All Stars moved into New Wave, scoring Top 40 entries on the UK Singles Chart, with \"Pull Up to the Bumper\", \"I've Seen That Face Before\", \"Private Life\", \"Slave to the Rhythm\" and \"I'm Not Perfect\". Her albums include Warm Leatherette, Nightclubbing and Slave to the Rhythm.\nIn America she appeared in some low-budget films in the 1970s and early 1980s. Her work as an actress in mainstream film began in the 1984 fantasy-action film Conan the Destroyer alongside Arnold Schwarzenegger, and the 1985 James Bond movie A View to a Kill. In 1986 she played a vampire in Vamp, and acted in and contributed a song to the 1992 film Boomerang with Eddie Murphy. She appeared alongside Tim Curry in the 2001 film, Wolf Girl.
/m/07qv_	Tagalog is an Austronesian language spoken as a first language by a quarter of the population of the Philippines and as a second language by the majority. It is the first language of the Philippine region IV, of Bulacan and of Metro Manila. Its standardized form, officially named Filipino, is the national language and one of two official languages of the Philippines, the other being English.\nIt is related to other Philippine languages such as the Bikol languages, Ilokano, the Visayan languages, and Kapampangan, and more distantly to other Austronesian languages such as Indonesian, Hawaiian and Malagasy.
/m/0661m4p	Men in Black 3 is a 2012 American 3D science fiction action comedy spy film released into theaters on May 25, 2012, starring Will Smith, Tommy Lee Jones, and Josh Brolin. Principal photography began in New York City on November 16, 2010, taking place ten years after its predecessor Men in Black II and fifteen years after the release of the original Men in Black. Barry Sonnenfeld and Steven Spielberg returned as director and executive producer respectively. It is the third installment in the Men in Black film series based on Lowell Cunningham's The Men in Black comic book series.\nMen in Black 3 received generally positive reviews from critics and became a box-office success with a worldwide gross of over $624 million. Before adjusting for inflation, it is also the highest grossing film in the series.
/m/05650n	Happy Feet is a 2006 Australian-American computer-animated musical family film, directed, produced and co-written by George Miller. It was produced at Sydney-based visual effects and animation studio Animal Logic for Warner Bros., Village Roadshow Pictures and Kingdom Feature Productions and was released in North American theaters on November 17, 2006. It is the first animated film produced by Kennedy Miller in association with visual effects/design company Animal Logic.\nThough primarily an animated film, Happy Feet does incorporate motion capture of live action humans in certain scenes. The film was simultaneously released in both conventional theatres and in IMAX 2D format. The studio had hinted that a future IMAX 3D release was a possibility. However, Warner Bros., the film’s production company, was on too tight a budget to release Happy Feet in IMAX digital 3D.\nHappy Feet won the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature and the BAFTA Award for Best Animated Film, and was nominated for the Annie Award for Best Animated Feature and the Saturn Award for Best Animated Film.\nThe film was dedicated in memory of Nick Enright, Michael Jonson, Robby McNeilly Green, and Steve Irwin.\nA sequel, Happy Feet Two, was released into theatres November 18, 2011 and received mixed reviews.
/m/01z92f	Merthyr Tydfil is a town in Wales, with a population of about 30,000, situated approximately 23 miles north of Cardiff. Once the largest town in Wales, it is now the 14th largest urban area in Wales. It is in the historic county of Glamorgan and is currently the main town in Merthyr Tydfil County Borough administered by Merthyr Tydfil County Borough Council. Both the town and the county borough are often referred to as 'Merthyr'.\nAccording to legend, the town is named after Saint Tydfil, a daughter of King Brychan of Brycheiniog. According to her legend she was slain at Merthyr by pagans around 480; the place was subsequently named Merthyr Tydfil in her honour. Although the usual meaning of the word merthyr in modern Welsh is 'martyr', it is probable that the meaning here is \"church.\" Similar examples, all from south Wales, include Merthyr Cynog, Merthyr Dyfan and Merthyr Mawr. The Cornish and Breton language equivalents, in place names, are merther and merzher.
/m/02qr69m	Changeling is a 2008 American drama film, written by J. Michael Straczynski and directed, co-produced and scored by Clint Eastwood, that explores child endangerment, female disempowerment, political corruption and the repercussions of violence. Based partly on real-life events – the 1928 \"Wineville Chicken Coop\" kidnapping and murder case in Los Angeles, California – the film stars Angelina Jolie as a woman who is reunited with her missing son only to realize he is an impostor. When she tries to demonstrate this to the police and city authorities, she is vilified as delusional and an unfit mother.\nThe film's writer J. Michael Straczynski spent a year researching the story after hearing about the Wineville Chicken Coop case from a contact at Los Angeles City Hall. Almost all the film's script was drawn from thousands of pages of documentation. His first draft became the shooting script and his first film screenplay to be produced. Ron Howard had meant to direct the film, but scheduling conflicts led to his replacement by Eastwood. Instead, Howard and his Imagine Entertainment partner Brian Grazer produced Changeling alongside Malpaso Productions' Robert Lorenz and Eastwood. Universal Pictures financed and distributed the film.
/m/020923	The University of California, Berkeley, School of Law, commonly referred to as Berkeley Law and Boalt Hall, is one of 14 schools and colleges at the University of California, Berkeley. Berkeley Law is consistently ranked as one of the top law schools in the nation, with acceptance rates lower than every school except Yale and Stanford. The law school has produced leaders in law, government, and society, including: Chief Justice of the United States Earl Warren, Secretary of State of the United States Dean Rusk, Attorney General of the United States Edwin Meese, United States Secretary of the Treasury and Chairman of the Federal Reserve G. William Miller, Solicitor General of the United States Theodore Olson, and lead litigator of the Korematsu v. United States Civil Rights Case Dale Minami.
/m/02x4w6g	The Film Independent's Spirit Award for Best Male Lead is one of the annual Independent Spirit Awards.
/m/0gyh2wm	Hyde Park on Hudson is a 2012 British biographical historical comedy drama directed by Roger Michell. The film stars Bill Murray and Laura Linney as Franklin D. Roosevelt and Margaret \"Daisy\" Suckley, respectively. It was based on Suckley’s private journals and diaries, discovered after her death, about her love affair with and intimate details about President Roosevelt.
/m/0j80w	The Quiet Man is a 1952 American romantic comedy-drama film directed by John Ford. It stars John Wayne, Maureen O'Hara, Barry Fitzgerald, Ward Bond and Victor McLaglen. The screenplay by Frank S. Nugent was based on a 1933 Saturday Evening Post short story by Maurice Walsh. The film is notable for Winton Hoch's lush photography of the Irish countryside and a long, climactic, semi-comic fist fight. It was an official selection of the 1952 Venice Film Festival. The film won the Academy Award for Best Director for John Ford, his fourth, and for Best Cinematography. In 2013 the film was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant\".
/m/012wyq	Middlesex was a historic county in southeast England, that is now mostly part of Greater London with sections in Berkshire, Hertfordshire and Surrey. It was established in the Anglo-Saxon system from the territory of the Middle Saxons. The county included land stretching north of the River Thames from 3 miles east to 17 miles west of the City of London with the rivers Colne, Lea and a ridge of hills as the other boundaries. The largely low-lying county dominated by clay in its north and alluvium on gravel in its south was the second smallest by area in 1831.\nThe City of London was a county in its own right from the 12th century and was able to exert political control over Middlesex. Westminster Abbey dominated most of the early financial, judicial and ecclesiastical aspects of the county. As London grew into Middlesex, the Corporation of London resisted attempts to expand the city boundaries into the county, which posed problems for the administration of local government and justice. In the 18th and 19th centuries the population density was especially high in the southeast, including the East End and West End of London. From 1855 the southeast was administered with sections of Kent and Surrey as part of the area of the Metropolitan Board of Works. When county councils were introduced in England in 1889 about 20% of the area of Middlesex, along with a third of its population, was transferred to the new County of London and the remainder became an administrative county governed by the Middlesex County Council that met regularly at the Middlesex Guildhall in Westminster, in the County of London. The City of London and Middlesex became separate counties for other purposes and Middlesex regained the right to appoint their own sheriff, lost in 1199.
/m/049mr	Koninklijke Luchtvaart Maatschappij N.V., known by its initials KLM, is the flag carrier airline of the Netherlands. KLM's headquarters is in Amstelveen near its hub at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol. KLM operates scheduled passenger and cargo services to more than 90 destinations worldwide. It is the oldest airline in the world still operating under its original name. As of 31 March 2010 it had 31,787 employees.\nThe merger of KLM with Air France in May 2004 formed the Air France-KLM Group, which is incorporated under French law with headquarters at Paris-Charles de Gaulle Airport. Both Air France and KLM continue to fly under their distinct brand names as subsidiaries of the group. Air France and KLM are part of the SkyTeam alliance, the second largest in the world behind only Delta Air Lines
/m/04kwbt	Thomas Griffin Dunne, known professionally as Griffin Dunne, is an American actor, film producer and film director.
/m/0fplv	Sullivan County is a county located in the U.S. state of New York. As of the 2010 census, the population was 77,547. The county seat is Monticello. The name is in honor of Major General John Sullivan, who was a hero in the American Revolutionary War. The county was the site of hundreds of Borscht Belt hotels and resorts, which had their heyday from the 1920s through the 1970s.
/m/01wd3l	Armando Giovanni Iannucci, OBE is a Scottish satirist, writer, television director and radio producer of Italian descent. Born in Glasgow, he studied at Oxford University and left graduate work on a PhD about John Milton to pursue a career in comedy.\nRising quickly through BBC Scotland and BBC Radio 4, his early work with Chris Morris on the radio series On the Hour was transferred to television as The Day Today. A character from this series, Alan Partridge, went on to feature in a number of Iannucci's television and radio programmes including Knowing Me, Knowing You and I'm Alan Partridge. In the meantime, Iannucci also fronted the satirical Armistice review shows and in 2001 created his most personal work, The Armando Iannucci Shows, for Channel 4.\nMoving back to the BBC in 2005, Iannucci created the political sitcom The Thick of It as well as the spoof documentary Time Trumpet in 2006. Winning funding from the UK Film Council, he directed a critically acclaimed feature film In the Loop featuring characters from The Thick of It in 2009. As a result of these works, he has been described by The Daily Telegraph as \"the hardman of political satire\". Other works during this period include an operetta libretto, Skin Deep, and his radio series Charm Offensive.
/m/02r0csl	This is a list of BAFTA Award recipients for Best Makeup and Hair from the British Academy Film Awards.
/m/01nglk	Jeremiah \"Jerry\" O'Connell is an American actor, best known for his roles as Quinn Mallory in the TV series Sliders, Andrew Clements in My Secret Identity, Vern Tessio in the film Stand by Me, Derek in Scream 2, Charlie Carbone in Kangaroo Jack, and Detective Woody Hoyt on the drama Crossing Jordan. He starred as Pete Kaczmarek in the CBS TV series The Defenders until its cancellation in 2011. He also had a starring role in the comedy horror film Piranha 3D.
/m/0h407	Scots is the Germanic language variety spoken in Lowland Scotland and parts of Ulster. It is sometimes called Lowland Scots to distinguish it from Scottish Gaelic, the Celtic language historically spoken in most of the Highlands and the Hebrides.\nBecause there are no universally accepted criteria for distinguishing languages from dialects, scholars and other interested parties often disagree about the linguistic, historical and social status of Scots. Although a number of paradigms for distinguishing between languages and dialects do exist, these often render contradictory results. Broad Scots is at one end of a bipolar linguistic continuum, with Scottish Standard English at the other. Consequently, Scots is generally regarded as one of the ancient varieties of English, yet it has its own distinct dialects. Alternatively, Scots is sometimes treated as a distinct Germanic language, in the way Norwegian is closely linked to, yet distinct from, Danish.\nA 2010 Scottish Government study of \"public attitudes towards the Scots language\" found that 64% of respondents \"don't really think of Scots as a language\", but it also found that \"the most frequent speakers are least likely to agree that it is not a language and those never speaking Scots most likely to do so\". In the 2011 Scottish census, a question on Scots language ability was featured.
/m/038c0q	The 2003 NBA draft was held on June 26, 2003, at The Theater at Madison Square Garden in New York City, New York. The NBA announced that 42 college and high school players and a record 31 international players had filed as early-entry candidates for the 2003 NBA draft. The Cleveland Cavaliers, who had a 22.50 percent probability of obtaining the first selection, won the NBA draft lottery on May 22, and Cleveland chairman Gordon Gund said afterward his team would select LeBron James. The Detroit Pistons and the Denver Nuggets were second and third respectively.\nThe 2003 draft is known for having one of the most talented draft pools in draft history. Four of the top five picks are NBA All-Stars and \"Redeem Team\" Olympic Gold Medalists: Carmelo Anthony, Chris Bosh, Dwyane Wade, and LeBron James. Many players have been in the starting line-ups of their respective teams; eight have already participated in an All-Star Game, Dwyane Wade was named NBA Finals MVP in 2006 and won the NBA All Star Game MVP in 2010, Boris Diaw won the Most Improved Player Award in 2006, Jason Kapono won the three point shootout back to back years in 2007 and 2008, James Jones won the three point shootout in 2011, Leandro Barbosa won the Sixth Man Award in 2007, Kyle Korver set the NBA record for three point shooting percentage in 2010, and in the 2009, 2010, 2012, and 2013 seasons LeBron James won the NBA Most Valuable Player Award, and the NBA Finals MVP in 2012 and 2013. Carmelo Anthony won the 2013 NBA Scoring Title. Chris Bosh left Toronto in 2010 as its all-time leader in points, rebounds, blocks, double doubles, free throws made and attempted, and minutes played. The 2003 draft class has drawn comparisons to the legendary 1984 and 1996 NBA draft classes, but is also known for the Detroit Pistons making the controversial selection of Darko Miličić with the second pick over other prospects. Four of the five first picks have won an NBA Championship: Darko Miličić with the Pistons in 2004; Dwyane Wade with the Heat in 2006, 2012 and 2013; Chris Bosh and LeBron James also with the Heat in 2012 and 2013. Out of the top 6 picks in the draft, only Dwyane Wade is still with his original team.
/m/01_vrh	Pietermaritzburg is the capital and second largest city in the province of KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa. It was founded in 1838, and is currently governed by the Msunduzi Local Municipality. Its \"purist\" Zulu name is umGungundlovu, and this is the name used for the district municipality. Pietermaritzburg is popularly called Maritzburg in English and Zulu alike, and often informally abbreviated to PMB. It is a regionally important industrial hub, producing aluminium, timber and dairy products. It is home to many schools and tertiary education institutions, including a campus of the University of KwaZulu-Natal. It had a population of 228,549 in 1991; the estimated current population is around 500,000 and has one of the largest populations of Indian South Africans in South Africa.
/m/0h1wz	Pancreatitis is an inflammation of the pancreas. It has several causes and symptoms and requires immediate medical attention. It occurs when pancreatic enzymes that digest food are activated in the pancreas instead of the small intestine. It may be acute—beginning suddenly and lasting a few days, or chronic—occurring over many years.
/m/08pn_9	Relativity Records, often branded just Relativity, was an American record label founded by Barry Kobrin at the site of his company, Important Record Distributors in metro New York. Early on, as an indie label, Relativity released music in a variety of styles, including dance, jazz, punk, and progressive rock. As it grew and became associated with Sony Music Entertainment, it became more known for its popular metal and hip-hop releases.
/m/0mw5x	Providence County is a county located in the U.S. state of Rhode Island. As of the 2010 census, the population was 626,667. The center of population of Rhode Island is located in Providence County, in the city of Cranston. It is the 97th most populous county in the United States.
/m/01y9st	OCAD University is a public university whose campus is located in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. The school is within the Grange Park neighbourhood, and adjacent to the Art Gallery of Ontario. The school is Canada's largest and oldest educational institution for art and design. OCAD U offers courses through the Faculties of Art, Design, Liberal Arts and Sciences, and alternative programs. The enabling legislation is Ontario College of Art and Design University Act, 2002.
/m/05t54s	Live Free or Die Hard, is a 2007 American action film, and the fourth installment in the Die Hard film series. The film was directed by Len Wiseman and stars Bruce Willis as John McClane. The film's name was adapted from New Hampshire's state motto, \"Live Free or Die\".\nMcClane is attempting to stop cyber terrorists who hack into government and commercial computers across the United States with the goal to start a \"fire-sale\" of financial assets. The film was based on the 1997 article \"A Farewell to Arms\" written for Wired magazine by John Carlin. The film's North American release date was June 27, 2007.\nThe project was initially stalled due to the 9/11 terrorist attacks, and when production eventually began, the film's title was changed several times. A variety of visual effects were used for action sequences, even though Wiseman and Willis stated that they wanted to limit the amount of CGI in the film. In separate incidents during filming, both Willis and his stunt double were injured.\nUnlike the prior three films in the series, the U.S. rating was PG-13 rather than R. An unrated version contained more strong profanity and violence not shown in the theatrical version, and was included in the DVD release.
/m/016nvh	Paul Mark Oakenfold is an English record producer and trance DJ.
/m/0320jz	Jessica Claire Timberlake is an American actress, model, and singer. Biel began her career as a vocalist appearing in musical productions until she was cast as Mary Camden in the family-drama series 7th Heaven, for which she achieved recognition. The series is the longest-running series that has ever aired on The WB channel and is the longest-running family drama in television history. In 1997, she won the Young Artist Award for Best Performance in a Feature Film – Supporting Young Actress for her role in Ulee's Gold.\nBiel has since starred in many films, including The Rules of Attraction, The Texas Chainsaw Massacre, Blade: Trinity, Stealth, I Now Pronounce You Chuck and Larry, The A-Team, New Year's Eve, and Total Recall. She appeared in the thriller indie film Emanuel and the Truth about Fishes in 2013.
/m/029rmn	South Cambridgeshire is a mostly rural local government district of Cambridgeshire, England. It was formed on 1 April 1974 by the merger of Chesterton Rural District and South Cambridgeshire Rural District. It surrounds the city of Cambridge, which is administered separately from the district by Cambridge City Council. On the abolition of South Herefordshire and Hereford districts to form the unitary Herefordshire in 1998, it became the only English district to completely encircle another.\nThe district's coat of arms contains a reference to the coat of arms of Cambridge University. The motto, Niet Zonder Arbyt, means \"Not Without Work\" in old Dutch; it was originally the motto of Cornelius Vermuyden who drained The Fens in the 17th century. The district council's headquarters moved from Cambridge to Cambourne in 2004.\nSouth Cambridgeshire has scored highly on the best places to live, according to Channel 4, which ranked South Cambridgeshire as the fifth best place to live in 2006. A Halifax survey rated South Cambridgeshire the best place to live in rural Britain.\nThe combined area of South Cambridgeshire, including both the South Cambridgeshire district and the city of Cambridge, is 1,017.28 km square.
/m/0b_72t	The 2000 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament involved 64 schools playing in single-elimination play to determine the national champion of men's NCAA Division I college basketball. It began on March 16, 2000, and ended with the championship game on April 3 in Indianapolis, Indiana at the RCA Dome. A total of 63 games were played.\nDue to a string of upsets throughout the tournament, only one top-four seed advanced to the Final Four. That was Michigan State, who finished the season as the #1 team in the nation and was given the top seed in the Midwest Region and the top overall seed. The highest seeded of the other three Final Four teams was Florida, who won the East Region as the fifth seed. Two eight-seeds made the Final Four, with Wisconsin and North Carolina rounding the bracket out. Wisconsin won the West Region while North Carolina won the South Region, with both regions seeing their top three seeds eliminated during the first weekend of play.\nMichigan State won their first national championship since 1979 by defeating Florida 89-76 in the final game. Mateen Cleaves of Michigan State was named the tournament's Most Outstanding Player, while Morris Peterson was its leading scorer.
/m/0h1p	Ang Lee OBS is a Taiwanese-born American film director, screenwriter and producer.\nLee's earlier films, such as The Wedding Banquet, Pushing Hands, and Eat Drink Man Woman explored the relationships and conflicts between tradition and modernity, Eastern and Western. Lee also deals with the repressed, hidden emotions in many of his films, including Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Hulk, and Brokeback Mountain. Lee's remarkable insight into the human heart has allowed his films to transcend cultural and linguistic barriers to speak to audiences all over the world.\nLee has won the Academy Award for Best Director twice, first for Brokeback Mountain and most recently for Life of Pi. He also won the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film for Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon. He is the first person of Asian descent to win an Oscar, Golden Globe and BAFTA for Best Director, and the only director to win two Best Film Awards at the Berlin International Film Festival.
/m/04gd8j	Santa Monica College is a two-year, public, junior college located in Santa Monica, California, United States.
/m/050023	Richard Culliton is an American television writer known for his work on soap operas. He has won four Writers Guild of America Awards, including one as a Head Writer, and three Daytime Emmy Awards. He is an alumnus of Northwestern University. His wife, Carolyn Culliton, is also a veteran writer for soap operas.
/m/0bh72t	Dragon Ball Z: Lord Slug, also known by its Japanese title Dragon Ball Z - Super Saiyan Son Goku, or its UK English title Super Saiya, Son Goku, is the fourth Dragon Ball Z feature movie. It was originally released in Japan on March 19, 1991 between episodes 81 and 82 at the Toei Anime Fair as part of a double feature with the first Magical Tarurūto-kun movie. An American English dub was produced by Funimation and released to VHS and DVD on August 7, 2004. Two other English dubs were also produced, one in France by AB Groupe done for European markets, and another one for a Malaysian VCD release, both with unknown casts.\nThis is the first Dragon Ball Z movie to be dubbed with Funimation's English voice cast, and also the first to have songs by bands replace the original Japanese score. It was later remastered and released in a Double Feature set with Tree of Might on Blu-Ray and DVD on May 27, 2008. The film was released to DVD again on November 1, 2011 in a remastered box set containing the first five Dragon Ball Z movies.
/m/0418ft	Pamela Suzette \"Pam\" Grier is an American actress. She became famous in the early 1970s after starring in a string of moderately successful women in prison and blaxploitation films such as The Big Bird Cage, Coffy and Foxy Brown. Her career was revitalized in 1997 after her appearance in Quentin Tarantino's film Jackie Brown, for which she received a Golden Globe nomination for Best Actress. She has also been nominated for a SAG Award as well as a Satellite Award for her performance in Jackie Brown. Grier is also known for her work on television, for 6 seasons she portrayed Kate 'Kit' Porter on the television series The L Word. She received an Emmy Award nomination for her work in an Animated Program Happily Ever After: Fairy Tales for Every Child. Rotten Tomatoes has ranked her as the second Greatest Female Action Heroine in film history. Director Quentin Tarantino remarked that she may have been cinema's first female action star.
/m/01s7pm	The University of Texas at El Paso is a four-year state university, and is a component institution of the University of Texas System. It is celebrating its Centennial this year. The school was founded in 1914 as The Texas State School of Mines and Metallurgy, and a mineshaft still exists on the mountainous desert campus. It became Texas Western College in 1949, and The University of Texas at El Paso in 1967.\nIn Fall 2013, enrollment was 23,003. UTEP is the largest university in the U.S. with a majority Mexican-American student population.\nUTEP was recognized as the nation's 7th best university for service, research, and social mobility in Washington Monthly's 2013 National University Rankings, just behind Stanford and ahead of Harvard. That rating was due in large part to UTEP's #1 rank among all U.S. universities for Social Mobility – success in enabling students to achieve the American Dream through affordable and high quality academic programs. The university's School of Engineering is the nation's top producer of Hispanic engineers with M.S. and Ph.D. degrees.\nThe El Paso, Texas, campus features a one-of-a-kind collection of buildings in the Bhutanese architectural style. The UTEP campus is located on hillsides overlooking the Rio Grande, with Juarez, Mexico, within easy view.
/m/01rcmg	Brad Garrett is an American actor and stand-up comedian. He has appeared in numerous television and film roles.\nGarrett was initially successful as a stand-up comedian in the early 1980s. Taking advantage of that success in the late 1980s, Garrett began appearing in television and film, in minor and guest roles. His first major role was Robert Barone on the CBS series Everybody Loves Raymond. The series debuted September 13, 1996 and ran for nine seasons.\nGarrett's film roles include Stuart Little 2, Finding Nemo, Garfield, The Amateurs, The Pacifier, Night at the Museum, Tangled, and Hoodwinked Too! Hood vs. Evil. Garrett also played the leading role of Eddie Stark on the Fox television series 'Til Death from 2006 to 2010.\nGarrett has won three Primetime Emmy Awards, with three other nominations. Garrett is still prominent within stand-up comedy and is also a professional poker player. Garrett is recognized for his height and deep, gravelly voice.
/m/09dvgb8	Richard Portman is an American sound engineer. He won an Academy Award for Best Sound and has been nominated for ten more in the same category. He has worked on over 160 films between 1963 and 2004.
/m/03p2m1	Stellenbosch University is a public research university situated in the town of Stellenbosch, South Africa. Other nearby universities are the University of Cape Town and University of the Western Cape.\nStellenbosch University designed and manufactured Africa's first microsatellite, SUNSAT, launched in 1999.\nStellenbosch University was the first African university to sign the Berlin Declaration on Open Access to Knowledge in the Sciences and Humanities.\nThe students of Stellenbosch University are nicknamed Maties. Some claim the term arises from their maroon rugby colours: a tamatie is the Afrikaans translation for tomato. It is more likely to come from the Afrikaans colloquialism maat originally used diminutively by the students of the University of Cape Town's precursor, the South African College.
/m/0jhn7	The 1996 Summer Olympics, known officially as the Games of the XXVI Olympiad and unofficially as the Centennial Olympics, was a major international multi-sport event that took place in Atlanta, Georgia, United States, from July 19 to August 4, 1996. A record 197 nations, all current IOC member nations, took part in the Games, comprising 10,318 athletes. The International Olympic Committee voted in 1986 to separate the Summer and Winter Games, which had been held in the same year since 1924, and place them in alternating even-numbered years, beginning in 1994. The 1996 Summer Games were the first to be staged in a different year from the Winter Games. Atlanta became the fifth American city to host the Olympic Games and the third to hold a Summer Olympic Games.
/m/01yzhn	George Stevens Hamilton is an American film and television actor.
/m/0498y	Kentucky, officially the Commonwealth of Kentucky, is a state located in the east south-central region of the United States. Kentucky is one of four U.S. states constituted as a commonwealth. Originally a part of Virginia, in 1792 Kentucky became the 15th state to join the Union. Kentucky is the 37th most extensive and the 26th most populous of the 50 United States.\nKentucky is known as the \"Bluegrass State\", a nickname based on the bluegrass found in many of its pastures because of the fertile soil. One of the major regions in Kentucky is the Bluegrass Region in central Kentucky which houses two of its major cities, Louisville and Lexington. It is a land with diverse environments and abundant resources, including the world's longest cave system, Mammoth Cave National Park, the greatest length of navigable waterways and streams in the contiguous United States, and the two largest man-made lakes east of the Mississippi River.\nKentucky is also home to the highest per capita number of deer and turkey in the United States, the largest free-ranging elk herd east of the Mississippi River, and the nation's most productive coalfield. Kentucky is also known for horse racing, bourbon distilleries, automobile manufacturing, tobacco, bluegrass music, college basketball, and Kentucky Fried Chicken.
/m/012c6x	John \"Jackie\" Cooper, Jr., was an American actor, television director, producer and executive. He was a child actor who managed to make the transition to an adult career. Cooper was the first child actor to receive an Academy Award nomination. At age 9, he was also the youngest performer to have been nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role—an honor that he received for the film Skippy. For nearly 50 years, Cooper remained the youngest Oscar nominee in any category, until he was surpassed by Justin Henry's nomination, at age 8, in the Supporting Actor category for Kramer vs. Kramer.
/m/024nj1	The Indian cricket team is the national cricket team of India. Governed by the Board of Control for Cricket in India, it is a full member of the International Cricket Council with Test and One Day International status.\nAlthough cricket was introduced to India by European merchant sailors in the 18th century, and the first cricket club in India was established in Calcutta in 1792, India's national cricket team did not play its first Test match until 25 June 1932 at Lord's. They became the sixth team to be granted Test cricket status. In its first fifty years of international cricket, India was one of the weakest teams in international cricket, winning only 35 of the 196 Test matches it played during the period. The team, however, gained strength in the 1970s with the emergence of players such as batsmen Sunil Gavaskar and Gundappa Vishwanath, all-rounder Kapil Dev and the Indian spin quartet — Erapalli Prasanna and Srinivas Venkataraghavan, Bhagwat Chandrasekhar, and Bishen Singh Bedi. Traditionally much stronger at home than abroad, the Indian team has improved its overseas form since the start of the 21st century, winning Test matches in Australia, England and South Africa. It won the Cricket World Cup in 1983 under Kapil Dev, was runner-up in 2003 under Sourav Ganguly, and won the World Cup a second time in 2011 under Mahendra Singh Dhoni. It thus became only the third team after West Indies and Australia to have won the World Cup more than once. It is also the first cricket team to win the World Cup on home soil. India also won the inaugural World Twenty20 in 2007 and 2013 ICC Champions Trophy under the captaincy of Dhoni. India has also been the runner-up in 2000 ICC KnockOut Trophy and the joint champion along with Sri Lanka in 2002 ICC Champions Trophy, led by Ganguly in both the instances.
/m/07kdkfj	Eat Pray Love is a 2010 American romantic comedy-drama film starring Julia Roberts as Elizabeth Gilbert, based on Gilbert's best-selling memoir of the same name. Ryan Murphy co-wrote and directed the film, which opened in the United States on August 13, 2010.
/m/012kyx	28 Days Later is a 2002 British post-apocalyptic horror film directed by Danny Boyle. The screenplay was written by Alex Garland. The film stars Cillian Murphy, Naomie Harris, Brendan Gleeson, Megan Burns, and Christopher Eccleston. The plot depicts the breakdown of society following the accidental release of a highly contagious virus and focuses upon the struggle of four survivors to cope with the destruction of the life they once knew.\nSuccessful both commercially and critically, the film is credited with reinvigorating the zombie genre of horror fiction. The film spawned a 2007 sequel, 28 Weeks Later, a graphic novel titled 28 Days Later: The Aftermath, which expands on the timeline of the outbreak, and a 2009 comic book series 28 Days Later.
/m/02624g	Peter Hayden Dinklage is an American actor. Since his breakout role in The Station Agent, he has appeared in films such as Elf, Find Me Guilty, Underdog, the British film Death at a Funeral and its American remake of the same name, The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian, A Little Bit of Heaven, Ice Age: Continental Drift, and Knights of Badassdom. Since 2011, he has played Tyrion Lannister in the HBO series Game of Thrones, which earned him the Emmy and the Golden Globe Award for Supporting Actor in 2011.
/m/02kcv4x	Linoleic acid is an unsaturated omega-6 fatty acid. It is a colorless liquid at room temperature. In physiological literature, it has a lipid number of 18:2 cis,cis-9,12. Chemically, linoleic acid is a carboxylic acid with an 18-carbon chain and two cis double bonds; the first double bond is located at the sixth carbon from the methyl end.\nLinoleic acid belongs to one of the two families of essential fatty acids. The body cannot synthesize linoleic acid from other food components.\nThe word \"linoleic\" comes from the Greek word linon. Oleic means \"of, relating to, or derived from oil of olive\" or \"of or relating to oleic acid\" because saturating the omega-6 double bond produces oleic acid.\nSome medical research suggests that excessive levels of certain omega−6 fatty acids relative to certain omega-3 fatty acids, but likely in conjunction with exogenous toxins, may have negative health effects.
/m/0g5879y	Albert Nobbs is a 2011 drama film directed by Rodrigo García and starring Glenn Close. The screenplay is based on a novella by Irish novelist George Moore.\nThe film received mixed reviews, but the performances by Glenn Close and Janet McTeer were praised; they were nominated for the Academy Award in the categories of Best Actress and Best Supporting Actress, respectively. They also received Golden Globe Award and Screen Actors Guild Award nominations. The film was also nominated for the Academy Award for Best Makeup.\nThe novella had been earlier adapted as a theatre play in which Close starred.
/m/019rl6	Yahoo! Inc. is an American multinational Internet corporation headquartered in Sunnyvale, California. It is globally known for its Web portal, search engine Yahoo Search, and related services, including Yahoo Directory, Yahoo Mail, Yahoo News, Yahoo Finance, Yahoo Groups, Yahoo Answers, advertising, online mapping, video sharing, fantasy sports and its social media website. It is one of the most popular sites in the United States and, as a corporate entity, is considered one of the most successful startup companies of all time by market capitalization, revenue, growth and cultural impact. According to news sources, roughly 700 million people visit Yahoo websites every month. Yahoo itself claims it attracts \"more than half a billion consumers every month in more than 30 languages.\"\nYahoo was founded by Jerry Yang and David Filo in January 1994 and was incorporated on March 1, 1995. On July 16, 2012, former Google executive Marissa Mayer was named as Yahoo CEO and President, effective July 17, 2012.\nAccording to comScore, Yahoo during July 2013 surpassed Google on the number of United States visitors to its Web sites for the first time since May 2011, set at 196 million United States visitors, having increased by 21 percent in a year.
/m/09f2j	The University of California, Los Angeles is a public research university located in the Westwood neighborhood of Los Angeles, California, United States. Founded in 1919, it is the third-oldest campus of the University of California system. UCLA is one of the two flagship universities in the UC system. It offers 337 undergraduate and graduate degree programs in a wide range of disciplines. With an approximate enrollment of 29,000 undergraduate and 13,000 graduate students, UCLA is the university with the largest enrollment in the state of California and the most applied to university in the world with over 105,000 applications for Fall 2014. The university has been labeled one of the Public Ivies, a publicly funded university considered as providing a quality of education comparable to those of the Ivy League.\nThe university is organized into five undergraduate colleges, seven professional schools, and four professional health science schools. The undergraduate colleges are the College of Letters and Science; Henry Samueli School of Engineering and Applied Science; School of the Arts and Architecture; School of Theater, Film, and Television; and School of Nursing. Fifteen Nobel laureates, one Fields Medalist, and two Turing Award winners have been affiliated with the university as faculty, researchers, or alumni. Among the current faculty members, 52 have been elected to the National Academy of Sciences, 26 to the National Academy of Engineering, 39 to the Institute of Medicine, and 124 to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. The university was elected to the Association of American Universities in 1974.
/m/0fqy4p	Paramount Vantage is the specialty film division of Paramount Pictures, charged with producing, purchasing, distributing and marketing films, generally those with a more \"art house\" feel than films made and distributed by its parent company.\nParamount Classics was launched in 1998 and released such art house fare as The Virgin Suicides, You Can Count on Me, Sunshine, Mostly Martha, Winter Solstice, and three Patrice Leconte films. Although film journalist David Poland felt \"Ruth Vitale and David Dinerstein have proven to have wonderful taste heading up Paramount Classics,\", the duo was fired in October 2005.\nIn 2006, the Paramount Vantage brand branched off from Paramount Classics, which was relaunched in 2007 as a distributor of \"smaller, review-driven films including foreign-language acquisitions and documentaries.\"\nIn 2007, Paramount Vantage partnered with Disney subsidiary Miramax Films on two of the year's most highly regarded movies, No Country for Old Men and There Will Be Blood with Miramax Films. Both films garnered eight nominations at the Academy Awards, with There Will Be Blood winning the awards for Best Cinematography and Best Actor for Daniel Day-Lewis, while No Country for Old Men won for Best Adapted Screenplay, Best Director, Best Supporting Actor for Javier Bardem, and Best Picture.
/m/04s9n	Abū al-Qāsim Muḥammad ibn ʿAbd Allāh ibn ʿAbd al-Muṭṭalib ibn Hāshim, also transliterated as Muhammad, was a man from Mecca who unified Arabia into a single religious polity under Islam. Believed by Muslims and Bahá'ís to be a messenger and prophet of God, Muhammad is almost universally considered by Muslims as the last prophet sent by God to mankind. While non-Muslims regard Muhammad to have been the founder of Islam, Muslims consider him to have restored the unaltered original monotheistic faith of Adam, Noah, Abraham, Moses, Jesus, and other prophets.\nBorn in about 570 CE in the Arabian city of Mecca, Muhammad was orphaned at an early age and brought up under the care of his uncle Abu Talib. He later worked mostly as a merchant, as well as a shepherd, and was first married at age 25. Being in the habit of periodically retreating to a cave in the surrounding mountains for several nights of seclusion and prayer, he later reported that it was there, at age 40, that he was visited by Gabriel and received his first revelation from God. Three years after this event Muhammad started preaching these revelations publicly, proclaiming that \"God is One\", that complete \"surrender\" to Him is the only way acceptable to God, and that he himself was a prophet and messenger of God, in the same vein as other Islamic prophets.
/m/04t061	Philips Records is a record label that was founded by the Dutch electronics company Philips. In 1946 Philips acquired the company which pressed records for British Decca's Dutch outlet in Amsterdam.
/m/05strv	Marshall Schreiber Herskovitz is an American film director, writer and producer, and currently the President Emeritus of the Producers Guild of America. Among his productions are Traffic, The Last Samurai, Blood Diamond, and I Am Sam. Herskovitz has directed two feature films, Jack the Bear and Dangerous Beauty. Herskovitz was a creator and executive producer of the television shows Thirtysomething, My So-Called Life, and Once and Again, and also wrote and directed several episodes of all three series.
/m/01mxzw	A public company, publicly traded company, publicly held company, or public limited company is a limited liability company that offers its securities for sale to the general public, typically through a stock exchange, or through market makers operating in over the counter markets. Public companies, including public limited companies, must be listed on a stock exchange depending on their size and local legislation.\nPublic companies are not to be confused with Government-owned corporations – also known as publicly owned companies – which are also sometimes called public companies.
/m/0cbvg	The Napoleonic Wars were a series of wars between Napoleon's French Empire and opposing coalitions led by Great Britain. As a continuation of the wars sparked by the French Revolution of 1789, they revolutionised European armies and played out on an unprecedented scale, mainly owing to the application of modern mass conscription. French power rose quickly as Napoleon's armies conquered much of Europe but collapsed rapidly after France's disastrous invasion of Russia in 1812. Napoleon was defeated in 1814; he returned and was finally defeated in 1815 at Waterloo, and all France's gains were taken away by the victors.\nBefore a final victory against Napoleon, five of seven coalitions saw defeat at the hands of France. France defeated the first and second coalitions during the French Revolutionary Wars, the third, the fourth and the fifth coalition under the leadership of Napoleon. These great victories gave the French Army a sense of invulnerability, especially when it approached Moscow. But after the retreat from Russia, in spite of incomplete victories, France was defeated by the sixth coalition at Leipzig, in the Peninsular War at Vitoria and at the hands of the seventh coalition at Waterloo.
/m/049m19	John Abraham is an Indian film actor, producer and former model. After modelling for numerous advertisements and companies, Abraham made his film debut with Jism, which earned him a Filmfare Best Debut Award nomination.\nThis was followed by his first commercial success, Dhoom. He received two Filmfare Award nominations, for his negative roles in Dhoom, and in Zinda. He later appeared in the major critical success Water. He was nominated for a Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actor for the film Baabul.\nIn 2012, he produced his first film Vicky Donor, which was a critical and commercial success, and earned him a National Film Award for Best Popular Film Providing Wholesome Entertainment. He then established his own production house, John Abraham Entertainment. His second movie as a Producer was Madras Cafe, which garnered fantastic critical acclaim. His athletic, muscular and well built physique has acquired him the status of being one of the most handsome and influential sex symbols in Bollywood.
/m/07r_p	Tallinn is the capital and largest city of Estonia.\nTallinn occupies an area of 159.2 km² and has a population of 430,594. It is situated on the northern coast of the country, on the shore of the Gulf of Finland, 80 km south of Helsinki, east of Stockholm and west of Saint Petersburg. Tallinn's Old Town is listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Sites. It is ranked as a global city and has been listed among the top 10 digital cities in the world. The city was a European Capital of Culture for 2011, along with Turku in Finland.\nThe city was known as Reval from the 13th century until 1917 and again during the Nazi invasion of Estonia from 1941 to 1944.
/m/06r2_	Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan is a 1982 sci-fi film written by Jack B. Sowards and Nicholas Meyer adn directed by Nicholas Meyer.
/m/02238b	James Christian \"Jimmy\" Kimmel is an American comedian, voice actor, actor, screenwriter, producer, musician, television host, and radio personality. He is the host and creator of Jimmy Kimmel Live!, a late-night talk show that airs on ABC. Prior to that, Kimmel was best known as the co-host of Comedy Central's The Man Show and Win Ben Stein's Money. Kimmel is also a television producer, having produced shows such as Crank Yankers, Sports Show with Norm Macdonald, and The Andy Milonakis Show.
/m/06xbsn	Sydney Olympic Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club, based in Belmore, Sydney, New South Wales, that plays in the NSW Premier League. Founded as Pan-Hellenic Football Club in 1957 by Greek immigrants, the club changed its name to Sydney Olympic and in 1977 competed in the Phillips Soccer League, later named the National Soccer League, the inaugural national football league of Australia, until the league's demise in 2004.\nSydney Olympic have won many trophies in Australian football, including two National Soccer League Championships, two National Soccer League Cups and two NSW Premier League Championships. The club has also won the Johnny Warren Cup, the Brett Emerton Cup, the National Youth League Championship, the National Youth League Minor Premiership and the NSW Premier League Club Championship.\nSydney Olympic has traditionally been one of the most well supported football teams in Australia, setting numerous domestic crowd attendances. A crowd of 18,985 attended Sydney Olympic's victory over Northern Spirit in 1998 at North Sydney Oval, a record crowd attendance between two clubs during the regular season of the NSL, defeating the previous record of 18,367 set when Newcastle Breakers played Sydney Olympic in 1979 at Marathon Stadium. The greatest crowd attendance for a Grand Final was recorded during the 2001-02 season when 42,735 people were present at Subiaco Oval to see Sydney Olympic defeat Perth Glory.
/m/017khj	David Warner is an English actor who is known for playing both romantic leads and sinister or villainous characters, across a range of media, including stage, film, animation, television and video games. Over the course of his long career he is most famous for his roles in films such as A Midsummer Night's Dream, The Omen, Time Bandits, Tron, Star Trek V and VI, The Lost World, Holocaust, Portrait in Evil, Titanic, and Planet of the Apes. In 1981, he won an Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Miniseries or Special for his portrayal of Pomponius Falco in the television miniseries Masada.
/m/0dw6b	Alexander Sergeyevich Pushkin was a Russian author of the Romantic era who is considered by many to be the greatest Russian poet and the founder of modern Russian literature.\nPushkin was born into Russian nobility in Moscow. His great-grandfather from his mother's side – Abram Gannibal – was brought over as a slave from Africa and had risen to become an aristocrat. Pushkin published his first poem at the age of fifteen, and was widely recognized by the literary establishment by the time of his graduation from the Tsarskoye Selo Lyceum.\nWhile under the strict surveillance of the Tsar's political police and unable to publish, Pushkin wrote his most famous play, the drama Boris Godunov. His novel in verse, Eugene Onegin, was serialized between 1825 and 1832.\nNotoriously touchy about his honour, Pushkin fought as many as twenty-nine duels, and was fatally wounded in such an encounter with Georges-Charles de Heeckeren d'Anthès. D'Anthès, a French officer serving with the Chevalier Guard Regiment, had been attempting to seduce the poet's wife, Natalya Pushkina.
/m/013m4v	Plano is a city in the state of Texas, located mostly within Collin County. The city's population was 269,776 at the 2010 census, making it the ninth most populous city in the state of Texas and the 70th most populous city in the United States. Plano is located within the metropolitan area commonly referred to as the Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex. The city is home to many corporate headquarters: Alliance Data, Cinemark Theatres, Dell Services, Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Ericsson, Frito-Lay, HP Enterprise Services, Huawei, J. C. Penney, Pizza Hut, Rent-A-Center, Traxxas, and Siemens PLM Software.\nIn 2005, 2006, and 2011, Plano was designated the best place to live in the Western United States by CNN Money magazine. In 2006, Plano was selected as the 11th best place to live in the United States by CNN Money magazine. It was also selected as the safest city in America in 2010 and 2011 by Forbes. Plano schools consistently score among the highest in the nation. It has been rated as the wealthiest city in the United States by CNN Money, and the United States Census Bureau declared Plano the wealthiest city of 2008 by comparing the median household income for all U.S. cities whose populations were greater than 250,000. In 2008, Forbes.com selected Plano, University Park, and Highland Park as the three \"Top Suburbs To Live Well\" of Dallas. The annual Plano Balloon Festival and the Plano International Festival are two of the city's premiere cultural and entertainment events.
/m/09bymc	The 9th Golden Satellite Awards, honoring the best in film and television for 2004, were presented by the International Press Academy on January 23, 2005.
/m/03qwyc	Touch and Go Records is an American independent record label based in Chicago, Illinois. After its genesis as a handmade fanzine in 1979, it grew into one of the key record labels in the American 1980s underground and alternative rock scenes, Touch & Go carved out a reputation for releasing adventurous noise rock by the likes of the Butthole Surfers, Big Black, and The Jesus Lizard.
/m/0mvsg	Lexington County is a county located in the U.S. state of South Carolina. As of the 2010 census, its population was 262,391, and a 2012 estimate put the population at 270,406. Its county seat and largest town is Lexington.\nLexington County is part of the Columbia, South Carolina, Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/06r2h	Star Trek: First Contact is a 1996 American science fiction film released by Paramount Pictures. It is the eighth feature film in the Star Trek science fiction franchise and the first film to feature no cast members from the original Star Trek television series of the 1960s. The primary cast for First Contact is from the Star Trek: The Next Generation television series, to which the film's producers added Alice Krige, Neal McDonough, James Cromwell and Alfre Woodard. In the film's plot, the crew of the USS Enterprise-E travel from the 24th to 21st century to save their future after the cybernetic Borg conquered Earth by changing the timeline.\nAfter the release of the seventh film, Star Trek Generations, in 1994, Paramount tasked writers Brannon Braga and Ronald D. Moore with developing a sequel. Braga and Moore wanted to feature the Borg in the plot, while producer Rick Berman wanted a story involving time travel. The writers combined the two ideas; they initially set the film during the European Renaissance, but changed the time period the Borg corrupted to the mid-21st century after fearing the Renaissance idea would be too kitschy. After two better known directors turned down the job, cast member Jonathan Frakes was chosen to direct to make sure the task fell to someone who understood Star Trek. It was Frakes' first theatrical film.
/m/02__34	Legends of the Fall is a 1994 American epic drama film directed by Edward Zwick and starring Brad Pitt, Anthony Hopkins, Aidan Quinn, Julia Ormond, and Henry Thomas. Based on the 1979 novella of the same title by Jim Harrison, the film is about three brothers and their father living in the remote wilderness of early 1900s and how their lives are affected by nature, history, war, and love. The film's time frame spans the decade before World War I through the Prohibition era, and into the 1930s, ending with a brief scene set in 1963. The film was nominated for three Academy Awards and won for Best Cinematography. Both the film and book contain occasional Cornish language terms, the Ludlows being a Cornish emigrant family.
/m/02lvfq	Television comedy had a presence from the earliest days of broadcasting. Among the earliest BBC television programmes in the 1930s was Starlight, which offered a series of guests from the music hall era — singers and comedians amongst them. Similarly, many early United States television programs were variety shows including the Texaco Star Theater featuring Milton Berle; comedy acts often taken from vaudeville were staples of such shows.\nThe range of television comedy is extremely broad to the extent that anything under the heading comedy can be put before an audience through the medium of television. However, it is true to say that certain genres of comedy transfer to the small screen more successfully than others. Many cartoon television comedies have been produced and aired. These include the likes of The Simpsons, South Park, Futurama and Family Guy.
/m/05631	The Mickey Mouse Club is an American variety television show that aired intermittently from 1955 to 1996. Created by Walt Disney and produced by Walt Disney Productions, the program was first televised from 1955 to 1960 by ABC, featuring a regular but ever-changing cast of child performers. Reruns were broadcast by ABC on weekday afternoons during the 1960s, right after American Bandstand. The show was revived after its initial 1955–1959 run on ABC, first from 1977 to 1979 for first-run syndication, and again, from 1989 to 1996 on The Disney Channel.
/m/09sb52	The Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Cast in a Motion Picture is an award given by the Screen Actors Guild to honor the finest acting achievements in film.
/m/0191h5	John Anthony Frusciante is an American guitarist, singer, songwriter, and producer. He is best known as the former guitarist of the rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers, with whom he recorded five studio albums, and of whom he was a member from 1988 until 1992 and again from 1998 until 2009. He has recorded with numerous other artists, including The Mars Volta, for whom he was a studio guitarist from 2002 until 2008; Josh Klinghoffer and Joe Lally, with whom he released two albums as Ataxia; and various collaborations with both Klinghoffer and Omar Rodríguez-López. Frusciante also has an active solo career, having released ten solo albums and five EPs; his recordings include elements ranging from experimental rock and ambient music to New Wave and electronica.\nFrusciante joined the Red Hot Chili Peppers at the age of eighteen, first appearing on the band's 1989 album, Mother's Milk. The group's follow-up album, Blood Sugar Sex Magik, was a breakthrough success. Frusciante became overwhelmed by the band's new popularity and quit in 1992. He became a recluse and entered a long period of drug addiction, during which he released his first solo recordings: Niandra Lades and Usually Just a T-Shirt and Smile from the Streets You Hold. In 1998, he successfully completed drug rehabilitation and rejoined the Red Hot Chili Peppers. Their next album, Californication would eventually go on to sell 16 million copies. His album To Record Only Water for Ten Days was made in 2001. A fourth album with the Chili Peppers, By the Way was released in 2002. On a creative spree, Frusciante released six solo albums in 2004; each album explored different recording techniques and genres. 2006 saw the release of his fifth and final album with the Chili Peppers, Stadium Arcadium. In 2009, Frusciante released The Empyrean, which features Flea and Josh Klinghoffer, and announced he had again parted ways with the Chili Peppers. Frusciante has produced and/or recorded with the Wu-Tang Clan, The Mars Volta and Omar Rodriguez Lopez, Swahili Blonde, Black Knights, The Bicycle Thief, Glenn Hughes, Ziggy Marley, Johnny Cash, George Clinton, and others.
/m/080r3	Adeline Virginia Woolf was an English writer, and one of the foremost modernists of the twentieth century.\nDuring the interwar period, Woolf was a significant figure in London literary society and a central figure in the influential Bloomsbury Group of intellectuals. Her most famous works include the novels Mrs Dalloway, To the Lighthouse and Orlando, and the book-length essay A Room of One's Own, with its famous dictum, \"A woman must have money and a room of her own if she is to write fiction.\" Woolf suffered from severe bouts of mental illness throughout her life, thought to have been the result of what is now termed bipolar disorder and committed suicide by drowning in 1941 at the age of 59.
/m/0gjm7	Surveying or land surveying is the technique, profession, and science of accurately determining the terrestrial or three-dimensional position of points and the distances and angles between them, commonly practiced by licensed surveyors, and members of various building professions. These points are usually on the surface of the Earth, and they are often used to establish land maps and boundaries for ownership, locations or other governmentally required or civil law purposes.\nTo accomplish their objective, surveyors use elements of mathematics, physics, engineering and law.\nAn alternative definition, from the American Congress on Surveying and Mapping, is the science and art of making all essential measurements to determine the relative position of points or physical and cultural details above, on, or beneath the surface of the Earth, and to depict them in a usable form, or to establish the position of points or details.\nFurthermore, as alluded to above, a particular type of surveying known as \"land surveying\" is the detailed study or inspection, as by gathering information through observations, measurements in the field, questionnaires, or research of legal instruments, and data analysis in the support of planning, designing, and establishing of property boundaries. It involves the re-establishment of cadastral surveys and land boundaries based on documents of record and historical evidence, as well as certifying surveys of subdivision plats or maps, registered land surveys, judicial surveys, and space delineation. Land surveying can include associated services such as mapping and related data accumulation, construction layout surveys, precision measurements of length, angle, elevation, area, and volume, as well as horizontal and vertical control surveys, and the analysis and utilization of land survey data.
/m/04kl74p	A naturally-occurring form of vitamin E, a fat-soluble vitamin with potent antioxidant properties.  Considered essential for the stabilization of biological membranes (especially those with high amounts of polyunsaturated fatty acids), d-alpha-Tocopherol is a potent peroxyl radical scavenger and inhibits noncompetitively cyclooxygenase activity in many tissues, resulting in a decrease in prostaglandin production.  Vitamin E also inhibits angiogenesis and tumor dormancy through suppressing vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) gene transcription. (NCI04)
/m/02wh75	The Grammy Award for Best Rock Song is an honor presented at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards, to recording artists for quality songs in the rock music genre. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position\".\nThe award, reserved for songwriters, was first presented to English musician Sting in 1992. According to the category description guide for the 52nd Grammy Awards, the award honors new songs or songs \"first achieving prominence\" during the period of eligibility. Songs containing prominent samples or interpolations are not eligible.\nBruce Springsteen holds the records for the most wins and nominations, having won four awards from nine nominations. Other winners of multiple awards include Alanis Morissette as well as the bands Red Hot Chili Peppers and U2, with two. Award-winning songs have been performed by American artists more than any other nationality, though they have also been performed by musicians or groups originating from Canada, Ireland, and the United Kingdom. There have been four instances in which one artist or group was nominated for two works in the same year: the group Aerosmith was nominated for both \"Cryin'\" and \"Livin' on the Edge\" in 1994, Melissa Etheridge received nominations for \"Come to My Window\" and \"I'm the Only One\" in 1995, Jakob Dylan of The Wallflowers won for \"One Headlight\" and was also nominated for \"The Difference\" in 1998, and U2 was nominated for the songs \"Elevation\" and \"Walk On\" in 2002. Coldplay holds the record for the most nominations without a win, with four. The The Black Keys are the most recent award recipient.
/m/0478__m	Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta, better known by her stage name Lady Gaga, is an American recording artist, activist, record producer, businesswoman, fashion designer, philanthropist, and actress. Born and raised in New York City, where she lives, Gaga primarily studied at the Convent of the Sacred Heart and briefly attended New York University's Tisch School of the Arts before withdrawing to focus on her musical career. She soon began performing in the rock music scene of Manhattan's Lower East Side. By the end of 2007, record executive and producer Vincent Herbert signed her to his label Streamline Records, an imprint of Interscope Records. Initially working as a songwriter at Interscope Records, her vocal abilities captured the attention of recording artist Akon, who also signed her to Kon Live Distribution, his own label under Interscope.\nGaga rose to prominence with her August 2008 debut album, The Fame, which was a critical and commercial success. The record included the international number-one tracks \"Just Dance\" and \"Poker Face\". In November 2009, her extended play, The Fame Monster, was released to a similar reception, and produced the hit singles \"Bad Romance\", \"Telephone\", and \"Alejandro\". Its accompanying Monster Ball Tour became one of the highest-grossing concert tours of all time. Gaga's second album, Born This Way, was released in May 2011 and topped albums charts in most major markets. It generated chart-topping songs \"Born This Way\", \"Judas\", and \"The Edge of Glory\". After taking a sabbatical for a hip injury and the cancellation of the remaining dates of the Born This Way Ball Tour, Gaga's third album Artpop was released in November 2013 and became her second number one album in US. Artpop was preceded by singles \"Applause\" and \"Do What U Want\".
/m/03ryks	Yann Tiersen is a French musician. His musical career is split between studio albums, collaborations and film soundtracks. His music involves a large variety of instruments; primarily the guitar, synthesizer or violin together with instruments like the melodica, xylophone, toy piano, harpsichord, accordion and typewriter.\nTiersen is often mistaken for a composer of soundtracks, himself saying \"I'm not a composer and I really don't have a classical background\", but his real focus is on touring and studio albums which just happen to often be suitable for film. His most famous soundtrack for the film Amélie was primarily made up of tracks taken from his first four studio albums.
/m/0f11p	Somerville College is one of the constituent colleges of the University of Oxford in England. Founded in 1879 as Somerville Hall, it was one of the first women's colleges in Oxford. Today, around 50% of students are male. The first male students were admitted to the college in 1994. The college is located at the southern end of Woodstock Road, with Little Clarendon Street to the south and Walton Street to the west.\nAs of 2006, Somerville had an estimated financial endowment of £44.5 million.
/m/079hvk	Haskell Wexler, A.S.C. is an American cinematographer, film producer, and director. Wexler was judged to be one of film history's ten most influential cinematographers in a survey of the members of the International Cinematographers Guild.
/m/05ljv7	The Omnichord is an electronic musical instrument introduced in 1981 by the Suzuki Musical Instrument Corporation. It typically features a touch plate, and buttons for major, minor, and diminished chords. The most basic method of playing the instrument is to press the chord buttons and swipe the touch plate with a finger or guitar pick in imitation of strumming a stringed instrument. Originally designed as an electronic substitute for an autoharp, the Omnichord has become popular as an individual instrument in its own right, due to its unique, chiming timbre and its value as a kitsch object.\nThe Omnichord is the technological successor to an earlier instrument, known as the Tronichord, with which it shares many technical and functional similarities. Omnichords often feature preset rhythms with a tempo control which the player may use as accompaniment. Several models of the Omnichord were produced, which added MIDI compatibility, a selection of voices for the touch plate, effects such as vibrato and sustain, and chord memory. Some Omnichord musicians will play the instrument as a keytar, by strapping the instrument on both ends and playing it as if it were an electric guitar.\nThe Omnichord is still produced by Suzuki, but rebadged as the Q-chord. It features more modern versions of the original Omnichord's features.
/m/02778qt	David Miner is an American Emmy Award-winning film and television producer and talent manager who is known for his work as an Executive Producer on 30 Rock, Parks & Recreation and Brooklyn Nine-Nine.
/m/0l2wt	Santa Barbara County, officially the County of Santa Barbara, is a county located in the southern portion of the U.S. state of California, on the Pacific coast. As of 2010 the county had a population of 423,895. The county seat is Santa Barbara and the largest city is Santa Maria. The county is part of the Tech Coast.
/m/07068	Samurai, usually referred to in Japanese as bushi or buke, were the military nobility of medieval and early-modern Japan. According to translator William Scott Wilson: \"In Chinese, the character 侍 was originally a verb meaning to wait upon or accompany persons in the upper ranks of society, and this is also true of the original term in Japanese, saburau. In both countries the terms were nominalized to mean \"those who serve in close attendance to the nobility,\" the pronunciation in Japanese changing to saburai. According to Wilson, an early reference to the word \"samurai\" appears in the Kokin Wakashū, the first imperial anthology of poems, completed in the first part of the 10th century.\nBy the end of the 12th century, samurai became almost entirely synonymous with bushi, and the word was closely associated with the middle and upper echelons of the warrior class. The samurai followed a set of rules that came to be known as bushidō. While the samurai numbered less than 10% of Japan's population, their teachings can still be found today in both everyday life and in modern Japanese martial arts.
/m/01zvcb	The Most Ancient and Most Noble Order of the Thistle is an order of chivalry associated with Scotland. The current version of the Order was founded in 1687 by King James VII of Scotland who asserted that he was reviving an earlier Order. The Order consists of the Sovereign and sixteen Knights and Ladies, as well as certain \"extra\" knights. The Sovereign alone grants membership of the Order; he or she is not advised by the Government, as occurs with most other Orders.\nThe Order's primary emblem is the thistle, the national flower of Scotland. The motto is Nemo me impune lacessit. The same motto appears on the Royal Coat of Arms of the United Kingdom for use in Scotland and some pound coins, and is also the motto of the Royal Regiment of Scotland, Scots Guards, The Black Watch of Canada and Royal Scots Dragoon Guards. The patron saint of the Order is St Andrew.\nMost British orders of chivalry cover the whole United Kingdom, but the three most exalted ones each pertain to one constituent country only. The Order of the Thistle, which pertains to Scotland, is the second-most senior in precedence. Its equivalent in England, The Most Noble Order of the Garter, is the oldest documented order of chivalry in the United Kingdom, dating to the middle fourteenth century. In 1783 an Irish equivalent, The Most Illustrious Order of St Patrick, was founded, but has now fallen dormant.
/m/0b1k24	Napalm Records is an Austrian independent record label focused on heavy metal and hard rock.\nOriginally, Napalm Records focused mainly on black metal acts such as Abigor and Summoning and folk metal bands such as Falkenbach and Vintersorg. Later on, Napalm Records expanded its roster by adding gothic metal, symphonic metal, power metal and doom metal, as well as the electronic metalcore band Beyond All Recognition, to their roster. Napalm Records has also distributed stoner rock albums, such as Monster Magnet, Karma to Burn, and Brant Bjork works.\nNapalm Records has its own publishing house named Iron Avantgarde Publishing.
/m/03ynwqj	I Love You, Man is a 2009 American romantic comedy film originally titled Let's Be Friends and written by Larry Levin before John Hamburg rewrote and directed the film. It stars Paul Rudd and Jason Segel.\nThe film was released theatrically in North America on March 20, 2009, to mostly positive reviews and took second spot in the box office during its opening week. The film was released on home video on August 11, 2009.
/m/0jnpv	The Dallas Stars are a professional ice hockey team based in Dallas, Texas. They are members of the Central Division of the Western Conference of the National Hockey League. The team was founded during the 1967 NHL expansion as the Minnesota North Stars, based in Bloomington, Minnesota. The franchise relocated to Dallas for the 1993–94 NHL season. The Stars played out of Reunion Arena from their relocation until 2001, when the team moved less than 1.5 miles into the American Airlines Center.\nThe Stars have won seven division titles in Dallas, two President's Trophies as the top regular season team in the NHL, the Western Conference championship twice, and in 1998–99, the Stanley Cup. Joe Nieuwendyk won the Conn Smythe Trophy as the most valuable player of the playoffs that year.\nIn 2000, Neal Broten was inducted into the United States Hockey Hall of Fame. In 2009, Brett Hull became the first Dallas Stars player inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame, followed by Ed Belfour and Joe Nieuwendyk in 2011. In 2010, brothers Derian and Kevin Hatcher were inducted to the United States Hockey Hall of Fame.
/m/03nfmq	Architecture is both the process and the product of planning, designing, and constructing buildings and other physical structures. Architectural works, in the material form of buildings, are often perceived as cultural symbols and as works of art. Historical civilizations are often identified with their surviving architectural achievements.\n\"Architecture\" can mean:\nA general term to describe buildings and other physical structures.\nThe art and science of designing buildings and nonbuilding structures.\nThe style of design and method of construction of buildings and other physical structures.\nThe practice of the architect, where architecture means offering or rendering professional services in connection with the design and construction of buildings, or built environments.\nThe design activity of the architect, from the macro-level to the micro-level.\nArchitecture has to do with planning, designing and constructing form, space and ambience to reflect functional, technical, social, environmental and aesthetic considerations. It requires the creative manipulation and coordination of materials and technology, and of light and shadow. Often, conflicting requirements must be resolved. Architecture also encompasses the pragmatic aspects of realizing buildings and structures, including scheduling, cost estimation and construction administration. Documentation produced by architects, typically drawings, plans and technical specifications, defines the structure and/or behavior of a building or other kind of system that is to be or has been constructed.
/m/03nk3t	Stephen Arthur Frears is an English film director.
/m/02jt1k	Angela Evelyn Bassett is an American actress. She has become well known for her biographical film roles portraying real-life women, including Tina Turner in What's Love Got to Do with It, as well as Betty Shabazz in Malcolm X and Panther, Rosa Parks in The Rosa Parks Story, Katherine Jackson in The Jacksons: An American Dream, and Voletta Wallace in Notorious.\nBassett began her film career in the mid-1980s after graduating from Yale University and its drama school. She did not find any stability in the industry until the 1990s, at which point she appeared in films nearly every year. The 2000s saw a succession of films starring Bassett, with her appearing in at least one film every single year. Bassett's success has continued into the 2010s. Bassett earned nominations for her roles in films such as The Score, Akeelah and the Bee, Meet the Browns and Jumping the Broom and won awards for her performances in How Stella Got Her Groove Back and Music of the Heart among others.\nShe had a recurring role from 2013 to 2014 on the FX horror series American Horror Story: Coven, playing Voodoo queen Marie Laveau.
/m/07n68	The Damned are an English rock band formed in London in 1976. They were the first punk rock band from the United Kingdom to release a single, an album, to have a record on the UK music charts, and to tour the United States. The Damned later evolved into one of the forerunners of the gothic genre.\nThey have incorporated numerous styles into their music and image, including: garage rock, psychedelic rock, cabaret, krautrock, and the theatrical rock of Screaming Lord Sutch and Alex Harvey. Lead singer Dave Vanian's vocal style has been described as similar to a crooner. The Damned have dissolved and reformed many times, with Vanian as the sole constant member; the lineups have always included either guitarist Captain Sensible and/or drummer Rat Scabies, who are both founding members. The current line-up is Vanian, Captain Sensible, Monty Oxymoron, Pinch and Stu West.
/m/05gh50	Polyunsaturated fats are triglycerides in which the hydrocarbon tails constitutes polyunsaturated fatty acids. Polyunsaturated fat can be found mostly in nuts, seeds, fish, algae, leafy greens, and krill. \"Unsaturated\" refers to the fact that the molecules contain less than the maximum amount of hydrogen. These materials exist as cis or trans isomers depending on the geometry of the double bond.\nSaturated fats have hydrocarbon chains which can be most readily aligned. The hydrocarbon chains in trans fats align more readily than those in cis fats, but less well than those in saturated fats. This means that, in general, the melting points of fats increase from cis to trans unsaturated and then to saturated. See the section on chemical structure of fats for more information.\nThe position of the carbon-carbon double bonds in carboxylic acid chains in fats is designated by Greek letters. The carbon atom closest to the carboxyl group is the alpha carbon, the next carbon is the beta carbon and so on. In fatty acids the carbon atom of the methyl group at the end of the hydrocarbon chain is called the omega carbon because omega is the last letter of the Greek alphabet. Omega-3 fatty acids have a double bond three carbons away from the methyl carbon, whereas omega-6 fatty acids have a double bond six carbons away from the methyl carbon. The illustration below shows the omega-6 fatty acid, linoleic acid.
/m/012ycy	Ian Thomas Garner MacKaye is an American singer, songwriter, guitarist, musician, label owner, and producer. Active since 1979, MacKaye is best known for being the frontman of the influential hardcore punk bands Minor Threat and The Teen Idles, the post-hardcore bands Embrace and Fugazi, as well as The Evens.\nHe is a co-founder and owner of Dischord Records, a Washington, D.C.-based independent record label.\nA key figure in the development of hardcore punk, straightedge, and an independent-minded, do it yourself punk ethic, MacKaye also works as a producer, and has produced releases by Q and Not U, John Frusciante, 7 Seconds, Nation of Ulysses, Bikini Kill, Rites of Spring, Dag Nasty, and Rollins Band among others. Along with his seminal band Minor Threat, he is credited with coining the term \"straight edge\" to describe a personal ideology that promotes independence by countering the popular appeal of drug and alcohol abuse, though MacKaye has stated many times that he did not intend to turn it into a movement.
/m/09gkx35	The Guard is a 2011 Irish dark comedy film written and directed by John Michael McDonagh, starring Brendan Gleeson, Don Cheadle, Mark Strong and Liam Cunningham. It is the most successful Irish film of all time in terms of Irish box-office receipts, overtaking The Wind that Shakes the Barley which previously held this status.
/m/034hck	Renny Harlin is a Finnish film director and producer. His films include A Nightmare on Elm Street 4: The Dream Master, Die Hard 2, Cliffhanger, The Long Kiss Goodnight and Deep Blue Sea.\nHarlin's movies have earned $506,543,064 in the United States as of January 2013, making him the 87th highest-grossing director in the American market. His film Cutthroat Island held the Guinness world record for \"Biggest Box-Office Flop of All Time\".
/m/0g2mbn	Aasif Hakim Mandviwala, known professionally as Aasif Mandvi, is an Indian-American actor and comedian. He began appearing as an occasional contributing correspondent on The Daily Show on August 9, 2006. On March 12, 2007, he was promoted to a regular correspondent.
/m/02xyl	Franklin Patrick Herbert, Jr. was a critically acclaimed and commercially successful American science fiction author. Though also a short story author, he is best known for his novels, most notably Dune and its five sequels. The Dune saga, set in the distant future and taking place over millennia, deals with themes such as human survival and evolution, ecology, and the intersection of religion, politics and power. Dune itself is the \"best-selling science fiction novel of all time\" and the series is widely considered to be among the classics in the genre.
/m/09sr0	JFK is a 1991 American political thriller film directed by Oliver Stone. It examines the events leading to the assassination of President John F. Kennedy and alleged subsequent cover-up through the eyes of former New Orleans district attorney Jim Garrison.\nGarrison filed charges against New Orleans businessman Clay Shaw for his alleged participation in a conspiracy to assassinate the President, for which Lee Harvey Oswald was found responsible by two government investigations: the Warren Commission, and the House Select Committee on Assassinations.\nThe film was adapted by Stone and Zachary Sklar from the books On the Trail of the Assassins by Jim Garrison and Crossfire: The Plot That Killed Kennedy by Jim Marrs. Stone described this account as a \"counter-myth\" to the Warren Commission's \"fictional myth.\"\nThe film became embroiled in controversy. Upon JFK's theatrical release, many major American newspapers ran editorials accusing Stone of taking liberties with historical facts, including the film's implication that President Lyndon B. Johnson was part of a coup d'état to kill Kennedy. After a slow start at the box office, the film gradually picked up momentum, earning over $205 million in worldwide gross. JFK was nominated for eight Academy Awards and won two for Best Cinematography and Best Film Editing. It was the most successful of three films Stone made about the American Presidency, followed later by Nixon with Anthony Hopkins in the title role and W. with Josh Brolin as George W. Bush.
/m/080dwhx	Boardwalk Empire is an American period drama series from premium cable channel HBO, set in Atlantic City, New Jersey, during the Prohibition era. It stars Steve Buscemi as Nucky Thompson. Primetime Emmy Award-winning screenwriter and producer Terence Winter created the show inspired by the book Boardwalk Empire: The Birth, High Times, and Corruption of Atlantic City by Nelson Johnson about historical criminal kingpin Enoch L. Johnson.\nThe pilot episode, directed by Martin Scorsese, was produced at a cost of $18 million. On September 1, 2009, HBO picked up the series for an additional 11 episodes. The series premiered on September 19, 2010 and completed its fourth season on November 24, 2013. On September 26, 2013, HBO renewed Boardwalk Empire for a fifth season to air in 2014, which will be its last.\nBoardwalk Empire has received widespread critical acclaim, particularly for its visual style and basis on historical figures, as well as for Buscemi's lead performance. The series has received forty Primetime Emmy Award nominations, including two for Outstanding Drama Series, winning seventeen. The series has also won the Golden Globe Award for Best Television Series – Drama in 2011 and two Screen Actors Guild Awards for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series in 2011 and 2012.
/m/02zr0z	Virginia Union University is a historically black university located in Richmond, Virginia, United States. It took its present name in 1899 upon the merger of two older schools, Richmond Theological Institute and Wayland Seminary, each founded after the end of American Civil War by the American Baptist Home Mission Society. VUU's 84-acre campus is located at 1500 North Lombardy Street in Richmond's North Side.
/m/07xhy	The United States Coast Guard is a branch of the United States Armed Forces and one of the country's seven uniformed services. The Coast Guard is a maritime, military, multi-mission service unique among the U.S. military branches for having a maritime law enforcement mission and a federal regulatory agency mission as part of its mission set. It operates under the U.S. Department of Homeland Security during peacetime, and can be transferred to the U.S. Department of the Navy by the U.S. President at any time, or by the U.S. Congress during times of war. To date, this has happened twice, in 1917 and 1941, during World War I and World War II, respectively.\nCreated by Congress on 4 August 1790 at the request of Alexander Hamilton as the \"Revenue Marine\", it is the oldest continuous seagoing service of the United States, although the U.S. Navy lists its founding as 1775, the formation of the Continental Navy. However, that was disbanded in 1785, and the modern U.S. Navy in its present form was founded in 1794. As Secretary of the Treasury, Hamilton headed the Revenue Marine, whose original purpose was that of a collector of customs duties in the nation's seaports. By the 1860s the service was known as the U.S. Revenue Cutter Service and the term Revenue Marine gradually fell into disuse.²
/m/0c3ybss	Insidious is a 2010 American supernatural horror film directed by James Wan, written by Leigh Whannell, and starring Patrick Wilson, Rose Byrne and Barbara Hershey. The story centers on a couple whose son inexplicably enters a comatose state and becomes a vessel for ghosts in an astral dimension. The film was released in theaters on April 1, 2011, and is FilmDistrict's first theatrical release. A sequel, Insidious: Chapter 2, was released on September 13, 2013, with Wan returning as director and Whannell returning as screenwriter. Because of the film's success it was turned into a maze for 2013's annual Halloween Horror Nights.
/m/05f33tk	Korea Republic national under-23 football team represents South Korea at football in the Olympic Games and Asian Games. This team mostly includes under-22 and under-21 squads.\nThe bronze medal winning team of 2012 Summer Olympics were granted exemptions from mandatory military service.
/m/0_jm	Accounting, or accountancy, is the measurement, processing and communication of financial information about economic entities. Accounting, which has been called the \"language of business\", measures the results of an organization's economic activities and conveys this information to a variety of users including investors, creditors, management, and regulators. Practitioners of accounting are known as accountants.\nAccounting can be divided into several fields including financial accounting, management accounting, auditing, and tax accounting. Financial accounting focuses on the reporting of an organization's financial information, including the preparation of financial statements, to external users of the information, such as investors, regulators and suppliers; and management accounting focuses on the measurement, analysis and reporting of information for internal use by management. The recording of financial transactions, so that summaries of the financials may be presented in financial reports, is known as bookkeeping, of which double-entry bookkeeping is the most common system.\nAccounting is facilitated by accounting organizations such as standard-setters, accounting firms and professional bodies. Financial statements are usually audited by accounting firms, and are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. GAAP is set by various standard-setting organizations such as the Financial Accounting Standards Board in the United States and the Financial Reporting Council in the United Kingdom. As of 2012, \"all major economies\" have plans to converge towards or adopt the International Financial Reporting Standards.
/m/07yg2	The Velvet Underground was an American rock band, active between 1964 and 1973, formed in New York City by Lou Reed and John Cale, who both went on to find success as solo artists.\nAlthough experiencing little commercial success while together, the band is often cited by many critics as one of the most important and influential groups of the 1960s. In a 1982 interview Brian Eno made the often repeated statement that while the first Velvet Underground album may have sold only 30,000 copies in its early years, \"everyone who bought one of those 30,000 copies started a band.\"\nAndy Warhol managed the Velvet Underground and it was the house band at his studio, the Factory, and his Exploding Plastic Inevitable events. The provocative lyrics of some of the band's songs gave a nihilistic outlook to some of their music.\nTheir 1967 debut album, The Velvet Underground & Nico, was named the 13th Greatest Album of All Time, and the \"most prophetic rock album ever made\" by Rolling Stone in 2003. In 2004, Rolling Stone ranked the band No. 19 on its list of the \"100 Greatest Artists of All Time\". The band was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1996, by Patti Smith.
/m/02y7t7	Sinclair Broadcast Group is an American telecommunications company that operates the largest number of local television stations in the United States. Headquartered in Hunt Valley, Maryland, it owns or operates a total of 145 stations across the country in nearly 60 primarily small and medium markets, many of which are located in the South and Midwest. Sinclair also owns or operates four radio stations. Broadcasts by SBG stations can be received by 30 percent of American households. SBG is also the owner of the Ring of Honor professional wrestling promotion.\nThough Sinclair became a public company in 1995 and is currently traded on NASDAQ under the symbol SBGI, the Smith family still retains a majority financial interest, and all four Smith brothers serve as executives or directors.
/m/0jpn8	Illinois Institute of Technology, commonly called Illinois Tech or IIT, is a private Ph.D.-granting research university located in Chicago, in the U.S. state of Illinois, with programs in engineering, science, psychology, architecture, business, communications, industrial technology, information technology, design and law.
/m/0gywn	Soul music is a popular music genre that originated in the United States in the 1950s and early 1960s. It combined elements of African-American gospel music, rhythm and blues, and often jazz. Soul music became popular for dancing and listening in the United States – where music such as that of the Motown, Atlantic and Stax labels was influential during the period of the civil rights movement – and across the world, directly influencing rock music and the music of Africa.\nAccording to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, soul is \"music that arose out of the black experience in America through the transmutation of gospel and rhythm & blues into a form of funky, secular testifying.\" Catchy rhythms, stressed by handclaps and extemporaneous body moves, are an important feature of soul music. Other characteristics are a call and response between the soloist and the chorus, and an especially tense vocal sound. The style also occasionally uses improvisational additions, twirls and auxiliary sounds.
/m/051ysmf	Howard Bristol was an American set decorator. He was nominated for nine Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction. He worked on 56 films between 1936 and 1968.
/m/04lg6	    Leonardo di ser Piero da Vinci, April 15, 1452 – May 2, 1519) was an Italian polymath, being a scientist, mathematician, engineer, inventor, anatomist, painter, sculptor, architect, botanist, musician and writer. Leonardo has often been described as the archetype of the \"Renaissance man\", a man whose \"unquenchable curiosity\" was equalled only by his powers of invention. He is widely considered to be one of the greatest painters of all time and perhaps the most diversely talented person ever to have lived. Helen Gardner says \"The scope and depth of his interests were without precedent...His mind and personality seem to us superhuman, the man himself mysterious and remote\".     Born as the illegitimate son of a notary, Piero da Vinci, and a peasant woman, Caterina, at Vinci in the region of Florence, Leonardo was educated in the studio of the renowned Florentine painter, Verrocchio. Much of his earlier working life was spent in the service of Ludovico il Moro in Milan. He later worked in Rome, Bologna and Venice and spent his last years in France, at the home awarded him by King François I.     Leonardo was and is renowned primarily as a painter. Two of his works, the Mona Lisa and The Last Supper, are the most famous, most reproduced and most parodied portrait and religious painting of all time, their fame approached only by Michelangelo's Creation of Adamn
/m/01x66d	Yiannis Chryssomallis, known professionally as Yanni, is a Greek pianist, keyboardist, composer, and music producer who has spent his adult life in the United States.\nYanni continues to use the musical shorthand that he developed as a child, blending jazz, classical, soft rock, and world music to create predominantly instrumental works. As this genre of music was not well suited for commercial pop radio and music television, Yanni achieved international recognition by producing concerts at historic monuments and by producing videos that were broadcast on public television. His breakthrough concert, Yanni Live at the Acropolis, yielded the second best-selling music video of all time. Additional historic sites for Yanni's concerts have included India's Taj Mahal, China's Forbidden City, the United Arab Emirates' Burj Khalifa, Russia's Kremlin, Puerto Rico's El Morro castle, and Lebanon's ancient city of Byblos.\nAt least fourteen of Yanni's albums have peaked at No. 1 in Billboard's \"Top New Age Album\" category, and two albums received Grammy nominations. Through late 2011, Yanni had performed live in concert before more than two million people in more than 20 countries around the world, and has accumulated more than 35 platinum and gold albums globally, with sales totaling over 20 million copies. A longtime fundraiser for public television, Yanni's compositions have been used on commercial television programs, especially for sporting events such as the Tour de France, World Figure Skating Championships, U. S. Open Tennis Championships, U. S. Open Golf Championships, and Olympic Games. He has written film scores and the music for an award-winning British Airways television commercial.
/m/01k2xy	The San Jose Earthquakes are an American professional soccer team based in San Jose, California, that participate in Major League Soccer. The team is one of the ten charter members of MLS which competed in the league's first season in 1996 and took part in the first game in MLS history, defeating D.C. United 1–0. Following the conclusion of the 2005 MLS season, the franchise was officially put on hiatus and the players, head coach Dominic Kinnear and some of his coaching staff were moved to Houston, Texas, where they became the Houston Dynamo. After a two-year absence, the Earthquakes resumed play for the 2008 season.\nThe Earthquakes have won two MLS Cup titles, in 2001 and 2003, and two MLS Supporters' Shields, in 2005 and 2012. In 2002, the team played in its first CONCACAF Champions Cup, making it to the quarterfinals. The team holds a fierce rivalry with the LA Galaxy in the California Clásico.\nThe team currently plays home games at Buck Shaw Stadium on the Santa Clara University campus in Santa Clara, California, and is coached by former Canadian international player Mark Watson.
/m/02x8n1n	The Independent Spirit Award for Best Supporting Actor is one of the annual Independent Spirit Awards. Alan Arkin and Christopher Plummer are the only actors to have won both this award and the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor the same year.
/m/0160w	The Bahamas, officially the Commonwealth of the Bahamas, is an island country consisting of more than 700 islands, cays, and islets in the Atlantic Ocean; north of Cuba and Hispaniola; northwest of the Turks and Caicos Islands; southeast of the U.S. state of Florida and east of the Florida Keys. Its capital is Nassau on the island of New Providence. The designation of \"Bahamas\" can refer to either the country or the larger island chain that it shares with the Turks and Caicos Islands. As stated in the mandate/manifesto of the Royal Bahamas Defence Force, the Bahamas territory encompasses 470,000 km² of ocean space.\nOriginally inhabited by the Lucayan, a branch of the Arawakan-speaking Taino people, the Bahamas were the site of Columbus' first landfall in the New World in 1492. Although the Spanish never colonized the Bahamas, they shipped the native Lucayans to slavery in Hispaniola. The islands were mostly deserted from 1513 until 1648, when English colonists from Bermuda settled on the island of Eleuthera.\nThe Bahamas became a British Crown colony in 1718, when the British clamped down on piracy. After the American War of Independence, thousands of American Loyalists, taking their enslaved Africans, moved to the Bahamas, where the Americans set up a plantation economy. After Britain abolished the international slave trade in 1807, the Royal Navy resettled many free Africans liberated from illegal slave ships in the Bahamas during the 19th century. Hundreds of American slaves and Black Seminoles escaped to the islands from Florida, and nearly 500 were freed from American merchant ships in the domestic trade. Slavery in the Bahamas was abolished in 1834. Today the descendants of slaves and free Africans form the majority of the population; issues related to the slavery years are part of society. The Bahamas became an independent Commonwealth realm in 1973, retaining Queen Elizabeth II as its monarch.
/m/034tl	Guam is an organized, unincorporated territory of the United States in the western Pacific Ocean. It is one of five U.S. territories with an established civilian government. Guam is listed as one of seventeen Non-Self-Governing Territories by the Special Committee on Decolonization of the United Nations. The island's capital is Hagåtña. Guam is the largest and southernmost of the Mariana Islands.\nThe Chamorros, Guam's indigenous people, first populated the island approximately 4,000 years ago. The island has a long history of European colonialism, beginning with Ferdinand Magellan's Spanish expedition landing on March 6, 1521. The first colony was established in 1668 by Spain with the arrival of settlers including Padre San Vitores, a Catholic missionary. For more than two centuries Guam was an important stopover for the Spanish Manila Galleons that crossed the Pacific annually. The island was controlled by Spain until 1898, when it was surrendered to the United States during the Spanish–American War and later formally ceded as part of the Treaty of Paris.\nAs the largest island in Micronesia and the only U.S.-held island in the region before World War II, Guam was captured by the Japanese on December 8, 1941, just hours after the attack on Pearl Harbor, and was occupied for two and a half years. During the occupation, the people of Guam were subjected to acts that included torture, beheadings, and rape, and were forced to adopt the Japanese culture. Guam was subject to fierce fighting when U.S. troops recaptured the island on July 21, 1944, a date commemorated every year as Liberation Day.
/m/0mk59	Park County is a county located in the U.S. state of Wyoming. As of the 2010 census, the population was 28,205. The county seat is Cody. The county contains the majority of Yellowstone National Park's total land area. Park County is a mecca for tourists. Many attractions abound, including the Buffalo Bill Historical Center, the Cody Stampede Rodeo, and the western museum, Old Trail Town.
/m/01wp_jm	William Melvin \"Bill\" Hicks was an American stand-up comedian, social critic, satirist and musician. His material, encompassing a wide range of social issues as well as religion, politics, and philosophy, was controversial, and often steeped in dark comedy. He criticized consumerism, superficiality, mediocrity, and banality within the media and popular culture, which he characterized as oppressive tools of the ruling class that \"keep people stupid and apathetic\".\nAt the age of 16, while still in high school, he began performing at the Comedy Workshop in Houston, Texas. During the 1980s, he toured the United States extensively and made a number of high-profile television appearances; but it was in the UK that he amassed a significant fan base, filling large venues during his 1991 tour. He also achieved a modicum of recognition as a guitarist and songwriter.\nHicks died of pancreatic cancer on February 26, 1994 in Little Rock, Arkansas, at the age of 32. In subsequent years – in particular after a series of posthumous album releases – his body of work gained a significant measure of acclaim in creative circles, and he developed a substantial \"cult\" following. In 2007 he was voted the fourth greatest stand-up comic on Channel 4's list of the UK's 100 Greatest Stand-Ups, and he maintained that ranking on the 2010 list.
/m/02bg8v	Masada is an American television miniseries that aired on ABC in April 1981. Advertised by the network as an \"ABC Novel for Television,\" it was a fictionalized account of the historical siege of the Masada citadel in Israel by legions of the Roman Empire in AD 73. The TV series' script is based on the novel The Antagonists by Ernest Gann. The siege ended when the Roman armies were able to enter the fortress, only to discover the mass suicide by the Jewish defenders when defeat became imminent.\nMasada was one of several historical miniseries produced in the early 1980s following the success of NBC's Shogun in 1980.\nThe miniseries starred Peter O'Toole as Roman legion commander Lucius Flavius Silva, Peter Strauss as the Jewish commander Elazar ben Ya'ir, and Barbara Carrera as Silva's Jewish mistress. David Warner, as Pomponius Falco, won an Emmy Award for his role. O'Toole was nominated for an Emmy for his performance. It was his first appearance in an American miniseries. Jerry Goldsmith and Morton Stevens composed the series' score. Goldsmith received an Emmy for his contribution.\nMasada was filmed on location at the site of the ancient fortress, in the Judean Desert, Israel. Remains of a ramp, created during the filming to simulate the ramp built by the Romans to take the fortress, can still be seen at the site.
/m/05pt0l	Lantana is a 2001 Australian film, directed by Ray Lawrence and featuring Anthony LaPaglia, Kerry Armstrong, Geoffrey Rush and Barbara Hershey. It is based on the play Speaking In Tongues by Andrew Bovell, which premiered at Sydney's Griffin Theatre Company. The film won seven AACTA Awards including Best Film and Best Adapted Screenplay.\nLantana is set in suburban Sydney and focuses on the complex relationships between the characters in the film. The central event of the film is the disappearance and death of a woman whose body is shown at the start of the film, but whose identity is not revealed until later. The film's name derives from the plant Lantana, a weed prevalent in suburban Sydney.
/m/026l1lq	The BYU Cougars football team is the college football program representing Brigham Young University, a private research university owned by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints and located in Provo, Utah, United States. The Cougars began collegiate football competition in 1922, and have won 23 conference titles and 1 national title. The team has competed in several different athletic conferences during its history, but since July 1, 2011, it has competed as an Independent. The team plays home games at the 63,470-person-capacity LaVell Edwards Stadium on the university's campus.
/m/06mvq	Swedes are a nation and ethnic group native to Sweden, mostly inhabiting Sweden and the other Nordic countries, with descendants living in a number of countries.
/m/0d_rw	The Twilight Zone is an American television anthology series created by Rod Serling. It is a series of unrelated stories containing drama, psychological thriller, fantasy, science fiction, suspense, and/or horror, often concluding with a macabre or unexpected twist. A popular and critical success, it introduced many Americans to serious science fiction and abstract ideas through television and also through a wide variety of Twilight Zone literature.\nThe program followed in the tradition of earlier shows like Tales of Tomorrow – which also dramatized the short story \"What You Need\" – and Science Fiction Theatre, as well as radio programs such as The Weird Circle, Dimension X, X Minus One and the radio work of Serling's hero, dramatist Norman Corwin.\nThe success of the series led to a feature film, a radio series, a comic book, a magazine, and various other spin-offs that spanned five decades, including two \"revival\" television series. The first ran on CBS and in syndication in the 1980s, the second ran on UPN from 2002 to 2003. In 2013 TV Guide ranked it #4 in its list of The 60 Greatest Dramas of All Time.
/m/083p7	William McKinley was the 25th President of the United States, serving from March 4, 1897, until his assassination in September 1901, six months into his second term. McKinley led the nation to victory in the Spanish–American War, raised protective tariffs to promote American industry, and maintained the nation on the gold standard in a rejection of inflationary proposals.\nMcKinley was the last President to have served in the American Civil War, beginning as a private in the Union Army and ending as a brevet major. After the war, he settled in Canton, Ohio, where he practiced law and married Ida Saxton. In 1876, he was elected to Congress, where he became the Republican Party’s expert on the protective tariff, which he promised would bring prosperity. His 1890 McKinley Tariff was highly controversial; which together with a Democratic redistricting aimed at gerrymandering him out of office, led to his defeat in the Democratic landslide of 1890. He was elected Ohio’s governor in 1891 and 1893, steering a moderate course between capital and labor interests. With the aid of his close adviser Mark Hanna, he secured the Republican nomination for president in 1896, amid a deep economic depression. He defeated his Democratic rival, William Jennings Bryan, after a front-porch campaign in which he advocated “sound money” and promised that high tariffs would restore prosperity.
/m/01jfr3y	Deborah Ann \"Debbie\" Gibson is an American singer-songwriter, record producer, actress, and multiple-time reality television competition participant.\nIn 1988 she was pronounced the youngest artist to write, produce, and perform a No. 1 single on the Billboard Hot 100, with her song \"Foolish Beat\" and she remains the youngest female to write, record, and perform a No. 1 single. She has gone on to starring roles on Broadway and touring musicals, as well as independent film and television work. She continues to record, and reached the Billboard Adult Contemporary chart as high as No. 24 during 2006 in a duet with Jordan Knight titled \"Say Goodbye\". In 2010, the album Ms. Vocalist, from Sony Japan was Top 10 on the Japanese Billboard chart and the first single from the album, “I Love You”, hit No. 1.
/m/05m883	Jim Taylor is an American producer and screenwriter, best known as the writing partner of Alexander Payne. They are credited as co-writers of six films released between 1996 and 2007: Citizen Ruth, Election, Jurassic Park III, About Schmidt, Sideways, and I Now Pronounce You Chuck and Larry. His credits as a producer include films such as Cedar Rapids and The Descendants.
/m/0ck27z	The Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series is an award given by the Screen Actors Guild to honor the finest ensemble acting achievements in dramatic television.
/m/0yjvm	Greenville is the county seat of Pitt County, principal city of the Greenville metropolitan area, and the 10th largest city in the state of North Carolina. Greenville is the health, entertainment, and educational hub of North Carolina's Tidewater and Coastal Plain. The city's official population as of the 2012 United States census estimate is 87,242 residents while the Greenville Metropolitan Area includes 172,554 people. In January 2008 and January 2010, Greenville was named one of the nation's \"100 Best Communities for Young People\" by the America's Promise Alliance. In June 2012, Greenville was ranked in the top ten of the nation's \"Best Small Places For Business And Careers\" by Forbes Magazine. In 2010 Greenville was ranked twenty-fourth in mid-city business growth and development by Forbes Magazine. The city is also known as \"BMX Pro Town USA\", as it is home for many top professional BMX riders. Greenville is the home of East Carolina University, the second-largest university and fastest-growing campus in the University of North Carolina system, and Vidant Medical Center, the flagship hospital for Vidant Health and the teaching hospital for the Brody School of Medicine. The city has the fifth highest percentage of residents in North Carolina – almost 30 percent – who have obtained bachelor’s degrees.
/m/02wzv	French Polynesia is an overseas country of the French Republic. It is made up of several groups of Polynesian islands, the most famous island being Tahiti in the Society Islands group, which is also the most populous island and the seat of the capital of the territory. Although not an integral part of its territory, Clipperton Island was administered from French Polynesia until 2007.
/m/023p29	Frederick Jay \"Rick\" Rubin is an American record producer and former co-president of Columbia Records. Along with Russell Simmons, Rubin is the founder of Def Jam Records and also established American Recordings. With the Beastie Boys, LL Cool J, Public Enemy and Run–D.M.C., Rubin helped popularize hip hop music.\nRubin has worked with Beastie Boys, LL Cool J, Public Enemy, Run–D.M.C., Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers, Black Sabbath, Slipknot, Slayer, Red Hot Chili Peppers, Jay-Z, Danzig, Dixie Chicks, Metallica, AC/DC, Aerosmith, Weezer, Linkin Park, The Cult, Neil Diamond, Mick Jagger, System of a Down, Rage Against the Machine, Melanie C, Audioslave, Sheryl Crow, ZZ Top, Adele, Lana Del Rey, Lady Gaga, Kanye West, and Eminem. In the 1990s and 2000s, he produced the \"American Recordings\" albums with Johnny Cash. In 2007, MTV called him \"the most important producer of the last 20 years\". Rubin appeared on Time's 100 Most Influential People in the World list.
/m/01w1kyf	Shirley MacLean Beaty, known professionally as Shirley MacLaine, is an American film and theater actress, singer, dancer, activist and author. She has won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy twice, for her roles in The Apartment and Irma la Douce, and the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Motion Picture Drama twice for Terms of Endearment and Madame Sousatzka. She was honored with the Golden Globe Cecil B. DeMille Award in 1998. She was nominated for an Academy Award five times before winning the Academy Award for Best Actress in 1983 for her role as Aurora Greenway in Terms of Endearment. She won the 1976 Emmy Award for Outstanding Special – Comedy-Variety or Music for Gypsy in My Soul in addition she has also won two BAFTA Awards from seven nominations.\nIn 2012 she received the 40th AFI Life Achievement Award, the highest honor for a career in the US film industry, by the American Film Institute, and in 2013 received the Kennedy Center Honors for lifetime contributions to American culture through the performing arts.\nMacLaine's younger brother is actor Warren Beatty. Known for her New Age beliefs and interest in spirituality and reincarnation, she has written a large number of autobiographical works, many dealing with her spiritual beliefs as well as her Hollywood career.
/m/050f0s	The Simpsons Movie is a 2007 American animated comedy film based on the animated television series The Simpsons. The film was directed by David Silverman, and stars the regular television cast of Dan Castellaneta, Julie Kavner, Nancy Cartwright, Yeardley Smith, Hank Azaria, Harry Shearer, Tress MacNeille, and Pamela Hayden. It features Albert Brooks as Russ Cargill, the evil head of the Environmental Protection Agency who intends to destroy Springfield after Homer pollutes the lake. As the townspeople exile him and eventually his family abandons him, Homer works to redeem his folly by stopping Cargill's scheme.\nPrevious attempts to create a film version of The Simpsons failed due to the lack of a script of appropriate length and production crew members. Eventually, producers James L. Brooks, Matt Groening, Al Jean, Mike Scully, and Richard Sakai began development of the film in 2001. A writing team consisting of Scully, Jean, Brooks, Groening, George Meyer, David Mirkin, Mike Reiss, John Swartzwelder, Jon Vitti, Ian Maxtone-Graham, and Matt Selman was assembled. They conceived numerous plot ideas, with Groening's being the one developed into a film. The script was re-written over a hundred times, and this creativity continued after animation had begun in 2006. This meant hours of finished material was cut, which included cameo roles from Erin Brockovich, Minnie Driver, Isla Fisher, Kelsey Grammer, and Edward Norton. Tom Hanks and Green Day appeared in the final cut as themselves.
/m/026wmz6	505 Games, is the global video game publishing division of Italian company Digital Bros. S.p.A. founded in 2006. The company also maintains a UK division in Milton Keynes, and a North American division in Los Angeles opened in May 2008.\nThe company publishes globally games for the platforms: Sony, Nintendo, Xbox 360, Xbox One, iOS, Android, and Windows operating system; and previously for the Game Boy Advance, PlayStation, Xbox, PlayStation 2, Nintendo Wii, and PlayStation Portable.\nCurrently 505 Games publishers of a number of franchises such as: ARMA, Bust-a-Move, Cooking Mama, Diva Girls, Discovery Kids, Drawn to Life, Wild Arms, and Zumba Fitness.
/m/0b1xl	Loyola University Chicago is a private Jesuit university located in Chicago, Illinois. It was founded by the Roman Catholic Society of Jesus in 1870 under the name of \"St. Ignatius College\", and has grown to be the largest Jesuit university in the United States with a total enrollment of 15,068 and over 150,000 alumni.\nLoyola University has six campuses throughout the Chicago metropolitan area, and it also has a permanent overseas campus in Rome, Italy and guest programs in Beijing, China and Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam. Loyola has twelve undergraduate, graduate, and professional schools offering 71 undergraduate degrees, 85 master's degrees, 31 doctoral degrees, and 26 graduate-level certificate programs.\nThe main campus, the Lake Shore Campus, is located in the Rogers Park and Edgewater neighborhoods of the City of Chicago, located along the shore of Lake Michigan.\nLoyola University Chicago's intercollegiate sports teams, commonly called the \"Loyola Ramblers\", compete in National Collegiate Athletic Association Division I and the Missouri Valley Conference. As of 2013, Loyola University is still the only Division I school in the State of Illinois to win a national championship in men's basketball.
/m/02znwv	Raoul Walsh was a film director, actor, screenwriter and film producer.
/m/0_rwf	Rapid City is the second-largest city in the State of South Dakota, and the county seat of Pennington County. Named after Rapid Creek on which the city is established, it is set against the eastern slope of the Black Hills mountain range. The population was 67,956 as of the 2010 Census. Rapid City is known as the \"Gateway to the Black Hills\" and the \"City of Presidents\". The city is divided by a mountain range that splits the western and eastern parts of the city into two. Ellsworth Air Force Base located on the outskirts of the city. United States Army National Guard, Camp Rapid is located in West Rapid. In the nearby towns are Custer alongside Custer State Park, the Historic old west town of Deadwood is nearby. In the hills nearby Mount Rushmore and Crazy Horse Memorial are located.
/m/0fm3nb	The Goya Award for Best Supporting Actress is one of the Goya Awards, Spain's principal national film awards.\nIn the list below the winner of the award for each year is shown first, followed by the other nominees.
/m/01750n	Jump blues is an up-tempo blues usually played by small groups and featuring horns. It was very popular in the 1940s, and the movement was a precursor to the arrival of rhythm and blues and rock and roll. More recently, there was renewed interest in jump blues in the 1990s as part of the swing revival.
/m/02zfg3	Charles Edward Durning was an American actor, with appearances in over 200 movies, television shows and plays. Durning's memorable roles included the Oscar-winning The Sting and Dog Day Afternoon, along with the comedies Tootsie, and The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas and To Be or Not to Be.
/m/0ggq0m	Classical music is art music produced or rooted in the traditions of Western music. It encompasses a broad period from roughly the 11th century to the present day. The central norms of this tradition became codified between 1550 and 1900, which is known as the common practice period.\nEuropean music is largely distinguished from many other non-European and popular musical forms by its system of staff notation, in use since about the 16th century. Western staff notation is used by composers to prescribe to the performer the pitch, speed, meter, individual rhythms and exact execution of a piece of music. This leaves less room for practices such as improvisation and ad libitum ornamentation, which are frequently heard in non-European art music and in popular music.\nThe term \"classical music\" did not appear until the early 19th century, in an attempt to distinctly \"canonize\" the period from Johann Sebastian Bach to Beethoven as a golden age. The earliest reference to \"classical music\" recorded by the Oxford English Dictionary is from about 1836.
/m/04lgq	Lacrosse is a team sport, originally played by the indigenous peoples of North America, using a small rubber ball and a long-shafted stick called a crosse or lacrosse stick. When originally played by native peoples it was known by several different names, depending on the tribe, including \"bagataway\" or \"the little brother of war\" in the Inca language, and \"tewaarathon\" in the Mohawk language. The boys/men's version of the game is a contact sport, which requires padding such as shoulder pads, gloves, helmets, elbow pads, cup, and sometimes rib guards. The girls/women's game limits stick contact and prohibits body contact, requiring little protective equipment. However as of 2003, women's lacrosse required the wearing of a protective face mask, commonly referred to as the \"goggle,\" in the United States, while it remains an optional piece of protective equipment in the international version of the game. Also, women usually wear kilts as a uniform in comparison to men who wear full upper body protection with jerseys and simple athletic wear on the bottom.\nOffensively, the objective of the game is to score by shooting the ball into an opponent's goal, using the lacrosse stick to catch, carry, and pass the ball to do so. Defensively, the objective is to keep the opposing team from scoring and to gain the ball through the use of stick checking and body contact or positioning.
/m/01psyx	Renal failure is a medical condition in which the kidneys fail to adequately filter waste products from the blood. The two main forms are acute kidney injury, which is often reversible with adequate treatment, and chronic kidney disease, which is often not reversible. In both cases, there is usually an underlying cause.\nRenal failure is mainly determined by a decrease in glomerular filtration rate, the rate at which blood is filtered in the glomeruli of the kidney. This is detected by a decrease in or absence of urine production or determination of waste products in the blood. Depending on the cause, hematuria and proteinuria may be noted.\nIn renal failure, there may be problems with increased fluid in the body, increased acid levels, raised levels of potassium, decreased levels of calcium, increased levels of phosphate, and in later stages anemia. Bone health may also be affected. Long-term kidney problems are associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease.
/m/07vc_9	Daniel Sallis \"Danny\" Huston is an award-winning American actor, writer and director. Huston got his start directing Mr. North starring Anthony Edwards, Robert Mitchum and his sister, Anjelica Huston. Later, Huston gave his breakthrough acting performance in the independent film Ivans Xtc and was nominated for Best Male Performance at the Independent Spirit Awards in 2003.\nHis film credits include Birth opposite Nicole Kidman, Martin Scorsese’s The Aviator, for which the ensemble cast was nominated for a 2004 Screen Actors Guild Award, The Constant Gardener, for which he received the Golden Satellite Award for Best Supporting Actor for his performance; Sofia Coppola’s Marie Antoinette, Peter Berg’s The Kingdom, Ridley Scott’s Robin Hood and Sacha Gervasi’s Hitchcock. Huston’s latest film, The Congress, opened the 45th Director’s Fortnight sidebar at the Cannes Film Festival on May 16, 2013.\nHuston is filming the Weinstein Company film Big Eyes where he will star alongside Christoph Waltz, Amy Adams, Krysten Ritter and Jason Schwartzman. The film is directed by Tim Burton. In 2013, he joined the cast of the FX thriller series American Horror Story: Coven, portraying The Axeman.
/m/016yvw	Daniel Michael Blake Day-Lewis is an English actor. He holds both British and Irish citizenship. Born and raised in London, he is the son of Poet Laureate Cecil Day-Lewis and actress Jill Balcon. Despite his traditional actor training at the Bristol Old Vic, he is considered to be a method actor, known for his constant devotion to and research of his roles. He often remains completely in character for the duration of the shooting schedules of his films, even to the point of adversely affecting his health. He is known as being one of the most selective actors in the film industry, having starred in only five films since 1998, with as many as five years between each role.\nDay-Lewis is one of the most acclaimed actors of his generation and has earned numerous awards, including three Academy Awards for Best Actor, for his portrayals of Christy Brown in My Left Foot, Daniel Plainview in There Will Be Blood, and Abraham Lincoln in Lincoln, a feat which makes him to date one of three male actors to win three Oscars, and the only male actor in history to garner three wins in the lead actor category. Day-Lewis has also won four BAFTA Awards for Best Actor, three Screen Actors Guild Awards, three Critics' Choice Movie Awards, and two Golden Globe Awards.
/m/01nqfh_	Brian Tyler is an American composer, producer, conductor, and film producer known for his scores for motion pictures such as Iron Man 3, Thor: The Dark World, Eagle Eye, The Expendables, Fast Five, Fast and Furious, The Expendables 2, Law Abiding Citizen, The Final Destination, Rambo, Constantine, Now You See Me, Battle: Los Angeles, and The Expendables 3. He is signed with Sony Music as a songwriter and often conducts the London Philharmonic Orchestra. He was nominated for Film Composer of the Year by the International Film Music Critics Association. In 2010, Tyler was inducted into the music branch of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. As of December 2013 his films have grossed $6.3 billion worldwide.
/m/09v42sf	Kaboom is a 2010 youth culture alternative film written and directed by Gregg Araki. The film stars Thomas Dekker, Juno Temple, Haley Bennett and James Duval. It premiered at the 2010 Cannes Film Festival, where it was awarded the first ever Queer Palm for its contribution to lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgender issues.\nKaboom is a science fiction story centered on the sexual adventures of a group of college students and their investigation of a bizarre cult.
/m/026lgs	Contact is a 1997 American science fiction drama film, adapted from the Carl Sagan novel of the same name and directed by Robert Zemeckis. Both Sagan and wife Ann Druyan wrote the story outline for the film adaptation of Contact.\nJodie Foster portrays the film's protagonist, Dr. Eleanor \"Ellie\" Arroway, a SETI scientist who finds strong evidence of extraterrestrial life and is chosen to make first contact. The film also stars Matthew McConaughey, James Woods, Tom Skerritt, William Fichtner, John Hurt, Angela Bassett, Jake Busey, and David Morse.\nCarl Sagan and Ann Druyan began working on the film in 1979. Together, they wrote a 100+ page film treatment and set up Contact at Warner Bros. with Peter Guber and Lynda Obst as producers. When the project to make the film became mired in development hell, Sagan published Contact as a novel in 1985 and the film adaptation was rejuvenated in 1989. Roland Joffé and George Miller had planned to direct it, but Joffé dropped out in 1993 and Warner Bros. fired Miller in 1995. Robert Zemeckis was eventually hired to direct, and filming for Contact lasted from September 1996 to February 1997. Sony Pictures Imageworks handled most of the visual effects sequences.
/m/0djbw	In Judaism, a rabbi is a teacher of Torah. This title derives from the Hebrew word רַבִּי rabi, meaning \"My Master\", which is the way a student would address a master of Torah. The word \"master\" רב rav literally means \"great one\".\nThe basic form of the rabbi developed in the Pharisaic and Talmudic era, when learned teachers assembled to codify Judaism's written and oral laws. In more recent centuries, the duties of the rabbi became increasingly influenced by the duties of the Protestant Christian minister, hence the title \"pulpit rabbis\", and in 19th-century Germany and the United States rabbinic activities including sermons, pastoral counseling, and representing the community to the outside, all increased in importance.\nWithin the various Jewish denominations there are different requirements for rabbinic ordination, and differences in opinion regarding who is to be recognized as a rabbi. All types of Judaism except for Orthodox Judaism and some conservative strains ordain women and openly gay and lesbian people as rabbis and cantors.
/m/02n4kr	Mystery fiction is a genre of fiction typically focused on the investigation of a crime. Mystery fiction is often used as a synonym for detective fiction or crime fiction—in other words a novel or short story in which a detective investigates and solves a crime mystery. Sometimes mystery books are nonfictional. \"Mystery fiction\" can be detective stories in which the emphasis is on the puzzle or suspense element and its logical solution such as a whodunit. Mystery fiction can be contrasted with hardboiled detective stories, which focus on action and gritty realism.\nMystery fiction may involve a supernatural or thriller mystery where the solution does not have to be logical, and even no crime involved. This usage was common in the pulp magazines of the 1930s and 1940s, where titles such as Dime Mystery, Thrilling Mystery and Spicy Mystery offered what at the time were described as \"weird menace\" stories—supernatural horror in the vein of Grand Guignol. This contrasted with parallel titles of the same names which contained conventional hardboiled crime fiction. The first use of \"mystery\" in this sense was by Dime Mystery, which started out as an ordinary crime fiction magazine but switched to \"weird menace\" during the latter part of 1933.
/m/04j5jl	A master of ceremonies or compère is the official host of a staged event or similar performance. An MC usually presents performers, speaks to the audience, entertains people, and generally keeps the event moving. An MC may also tell jokes or anecdotes. The MC sometimes also acts as the protocol officer during an official state function.\nIn hip hop and electronic dance music, an MC, otherwise known as a rapper, is a music artist and/or performer who usually creates and performs vocals for his/her own original material.
/m/01qm7	A community college is a type of educational institution. The term can have different meanings in different countries.
/m/08w7vj	Stephen Graham is a British actor. He is best known for his roles as Tommy in the film Snatch, Andrew \"Combo\" Gascoigne in This Is England as well as its television sequels, This Is England '86 and This Is England '88, Danny Ferguson in Occupation, Billy Bremner in The Damned United, notorious bank robber Baby Face Nelson in Public Enemies, and Scrum in Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides. Since 2010, he has starred as Al Capone in the HBO series Boardwalk Empire.
/m/064xp	Pisa is a city in Tuscany, Central Italy, on the right bank of the mouth of the River Arno on the Tyrrhenian Sea. It is the capital city of the Province of Pisa. Although Pisa is known worldwide for its leaning tower, the city of over 88,332 residents contains more than 20 other historic churches, several palaces and various bridges across the River Arno. Much of the city's architecture was financed from its history as one of the Italian maritime republics.\nThe city is also home of the University of Pisa, which has a history going back to the 12th century and also has the mythic Napoleonic Scuola Normale Superiore di Pisa and Sant'Anna School of Advanced Studies as the best Superior Graduate Schools in Italy.
/m/01z7_f	James Joseph Gandolfini, Jr. was an American actor best known for his role as American Mafia crime boss Tony Soprano in the award-winning HBO series, The Sopranos. Gandolfini garnered praise for his portrayal of Tony Soprano, winning three Emmy Awards, three Screen Actors Guild Awards and one Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a Drama Series. Gandolfini's other notable roles include the woman-beating Mob henchman Virgil in True Romance, enforcer/stuntman Bear in Get Shorty and as Carol, an impulsive Wild Thing, in Where the Wild Things Are.\nAfter The Sopranos, Gandolfini produced the 2007 documentary Alive Day Memories: Home from Iraq, in which he interviewed ten injured Iraq War veterans. His second documentary Wartorn: 1861–2010, released in 2010, analyzes the impact of posttraumatic stress disorder on soldiers and families through several wars in American history, from 1861 to 2010.
/m/0m2gk	Hartford County is a county located in the north central part of the US state of Connecticut. As of the 2010 census, the population was 894,014, making it the second most populous county in Connecticut.\nIn Connecticut there is no county-level executive or legislative government; the counties determine probate, civil and criminal court boundaries, but little else. Each city or town is responsible for local services such as schools, snow removal, sewers, fire department and police departments. In Connecticut, cities and towns may agree to jointly provide services or even establish a regional school system.
/m/0cg39k	Ben Bennett is an American football coach most recently the offensive coordinator of the Arena Football League's Orlando Predators. He has been involved in professional football as a player and coach since 1984. After a successful college career at Duke University, Bennett played in the National Football League, the United States Football League, the Arena Football League, and the World League of American Football. He coached in the AFL and af2. He was inducted into the Arena Football Hall of Fame as a player in 2000.
/m/02hrh0_	Honolulu is the state capital and the most populous city in the U.S. state of Hawaii. It is the county seat of the City and County of Honolulu. Situated on the island of Oahu, it is known worldwide as a major tourist destination; Honolulu is the main gateway to Hawaii and a major gateway into the United States of America. It is also a major hub for international business, military defense, as well as famously being host to a diverse variety of east-west and Pacific culture, cuisine, and traditions.\nHonolulu is both the southernmost and westernmost major United States city. For statistical purposes, the U.S. Census Bureau recognizes the approximate area commonly referred to as \"City of Honolulu\" as a census county division. Honolulu is a major financial center of the islands and of the Pacific Ocean. The population of Honolulu CCD was 390,738 at the 2010 census, while the population of the consolidated city and county was 953,207.\nIn the Hawaiian language, Honolulu means \"sheltered bay\" or \"place of shelter\"; alternatively, it means \"calm port\". The old name is said to be Kou, a district roughly encompassing the area from Nuuanu Avenue to Alakea Street and from Hotel Street to Queen Street which is the heart of the present downtown district. The city has been the capital of the Hawaiian islands since 1845 and gained historical recognition following the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor near the city on December 7, 1941.
/m/083pr	William Howard Taft was the 27th President of the United States and later the tenth Chief Justice of the United States. He is the only person to have served in both of these offices.\nBefore becoming President, Taft, a Republican, was appointed to serve on the Superior Court of Cincinnati in 1887. In 1890, Taft was appointed Solicitor General of the United States and in 1891 a judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. In 1900, President William McKinley appointed Taft Governor-General of the Philippines. In 1904, President Theodore Roosevelt appointed Taft Secretary of War in an effort to groom Taft, then his close political ally, into his handpicked presidential successor. Taft assumed a prominent role in problem solving, assuming on some occasions the role of acting Secretary of State, while declining repeated offers from Roosevelt to serve on the Supreme Court.\nRiding a wave of popular support for fellow Republican Roosevelt, Taft won an easy victory in his 1908 bid for the presidency. In his only term, Taft's domestic agenda emphasized trust-busting, civil service reform, strengthening the Interstate Commerce Commission, improving the performance of the postal service, and passage of the Sixteenth Amendment. Abroad, Taft sought to further the economic development of nations in Latin America and Asia through \"Dollar Diplomacy\", and showed decisiveness and restraint in response to revolution in Mexico. The task-oriented Taft was oblivious to the political ramifications of his decisions, often alienated his own key constituencies, and was overwhelmingly defeated in his bid for a second term in the presidential election of 1912. In surveys of presidential scholars, Taft is usually ranked near the middle of lists of all American Presidents.
/m/051kd	Mobile Suit Gundam is a televised anime series, produced by Sunrise. Created and directed by Yoshiyuki Tomino, it premiered in Japan on Nagoya Broadcasting Network on April 7, 1979, and lasted until January 26, 1980, spanning 43 episodes. It was the very first Gundam series, which has subsequently been adapted into numerous sequels and spin-offs. Set in the futuristic world known as Universal Century 0079, the plot focuses on the war between the Principality of Zeon and the Earth Federation with the latter unveiling a new mecha known as the RX-78-2 Gundam piloted by the young mechanic Amuro Ray.\nIn 1981, the series was re-edited for theatrical release and split into three movies. The characters were designed by Yoshikazu Yasuhiko, and Kunio Okawara was responsible for the mechanical designs, including the eponymous giant robot, the RX-78-2 Gundam. The first movie was released on February 22, 1981. Tomino himself also wrote a trilogy of novels that retell the events of the series. Two manga adaptations of the series have also been written by two manga artists.\nDespite initial low ratings that caused the series' cancellation, the popularity of Gundam saw a boost during reair of the anime which led to the making of several sequels by Tomino and other series set in alternate universes. The series is famous revolutionizing the mecha genre due to the handling of mobile suits as weapons from wars as well as the portrayal of its pilots as soldiers.
/m/04cbtrw	Sir Ahmed Salman Rushdie is a British Indian novelist and essayist. His second novel, Midnight's Children, won the Booker Prize in 1981. Much of his fiction is set on the Indian subcontinent. He is said to combine magical realism with historical fiction; his work is concerned with the many connections, disruptions and migrations between East and West.\nHis fourth novel, The Satanic Verses, was the centre of a major controversy, provoking protests from Muslims in several countries, some violent. Death threats were made against him, including a fatwā issued by Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, the Supreme Leader of Iran, on 14 February 1989.\nRushdie was appointed Commandeur de l'Ordre des Arts et des Lettres of France in January 1999. In June 2007, Queen Elizabeth II knighted him for his services to literature. In 2008, The Times ranked him thirteenth on its list of the fifty greatest British writers since 1945.\nSince 2000, Rushdie has lived in the United States, where he has worked at Emory University and was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Letters. In 2012, he published Joseph Anton: A Memoir, an account of his life in the wake of the controversy over The Satanic Verses.
/m/04cbbz	Rambo III is a 1988 American action film. The film depicts fictional events during the Soviet war in Afghanistan. It is the third film in the Rambo series following First Blood and Rambo: First Blood Part II. It was in turn followed by Rambo in 2008, making it the last film in the series to feature Richard Crenna as Colonel Sam Trautman before his death in 2003.\nSixty-five seconds of the movie were cut in the UK version for theatrical release. Some later video releases almost tripled the cuts.
/m/0473m9	California College of the Arts is an art, design, architecture, and writing school founded in 1907. It has campuses in San Francisco and Oakland, and it enrolls approximately 1,500 undergraduates and 500 graduate students.\nCCA educates students to shape culture and society through the practice and critical study of art, architecture, design, and writing. The college prepares students for lifelong creative work by cultivating innovation, community engagement, and social and environmental responsibility.\nCCA advocates that artists, designers, architects, and writers have important roles in solving the world’s cultural, environmental, social, and economic problems. The college cultivates intellectual curiosity and risk taking, collaboration and innovation, compassion and integrity. CCA is a proponent of social justice and community engagement. The college promotes diversity by improving access and opportunities for underrepresented groups. It values sustainability and believes that artists have a unique ability and responsibility to shape a culture that is more environmentally responsible
/m/09yxcz	Rang De Basanti is a 2006 Indian drama film written and directed by Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra. It features an ensemble cast comprising Aamir Khan, Siddharth Narayan, Soha Ali Khan, Kunal Kapoor, Madhavan, Sharman Joshi, Atul Kulkarni and British actress Alice Patten in the lead roles. Made on a budget of 250 million, it was shot in and around New Delhi.\nThe story is about a British documentary filmmaker who is determined to make a film on Indian freedom fighters based on diary entries by her grandfather, a former officer of the British Indian Army. Upon arriving in India, she asks a group of five young men to act in her film. They agree, but after they begin filming a friend of theirs is killed in a fighter aircraft crash, with government corruption appearing to be the root cause of the incident. This event radicalizes them from being carefree to passion-driven individuals who are determined to avenge his death.\nRang De Basanti's release faced stiff resistance from the Indian Defence Ministry and the Animal Welfare Board due to parts that depicted the use of MiG-21 fighter aircraft and a banned Indian horse race.
/m/051kv	The Methodist movement is a group of historically-related denominations of Protestant Christianity which derive their inspiration from the life and teachings of John Wesley. George Whitefield and John's brother Charles Wesley were also significant leaders in the movement. It originated as a revival within the 18th-century Church of England and became a separate Church following Wesley's death. Because of vigorous missionary activity, the movement spread throughout the British Empire, the United States, and beyond, today claiming approximately 80 million adherents worldwide.\nMethodism is characterized by its emphasis on helping the poor and the average person, its very systematic approach to building the person, and the \"church\" and its missionary spirit. These ideals are put into practice by the establishment of hospitals, universities, orphanages, soup kitchens, and schools to follow Jesus's command to spread the Good News and serve all people. The Methodist movement is also known for its rich musical tradition. Charles Wesley was instrumental in writing much of the hymnody of the Methodist Church, and many other eminent hymn writers come from the Methodist tradition.\nMethodists are convinced that building loving relationships with others through social service is a means of working towards the inclusiveness of God's love. Wesleyan Methodists teach that Christ died for all of humanity, not just for a limited group, and thus everyone is entitled to God's grace. Theologically, this view is known as Arminianism, which denies that God has pre-ordained an elect number of people to eternal bliss while others perished eternally. However, Whitefield and several others were considered Calvinistic Methodists. The Methodist movement has a wide variety of forms of worship, ranging from high church to low church in liturgical usage.
/m/06s_2	Sierra Leone, officially the Republic of Sierra Leone, is a country in West Africa that is bordered by Guinea to the northeast, Liberia to the southeast, and the Atlantic Ocean to the southwest. Sierra Leone is a constitutional republic with a directly elected president and a unicameral legislature. The country has a tropical climate, with a diverse environment ranging from savannah to rainforests. The country covers a total area of 71,740 km² and with an estimated population of 6 million.\nSierra Leone is divided into four administrative regions: the Northern Province, Eastern Province, Southern Province and the Western Area; which are subdivided into fourteen districts. Each district has its own directly elected local government known as district council, headed by a council chairman, in whom local executive authority is vested. Freetown is the capital, largest city as well as its economic, commercial and political centre. Bo is the second largest city. Other major cities with a population above 100,000 are Kenema, Makeni and Koidu Town. Each of the country's five major cities has its own directly elected city council, headed by a mayor. Since Independence to present, Sierra Leone's politics has been dominated by two major political parties: the Sierra Leone People's Party and the All People's Congress.
/m/03qbm	Hearst Corporation is a multinational mass media group based in the Hearst Tower in Midtown Manhattan, New York City. Founded by William Randolph Hearst as an owner of newspapers, the company's holdings have subsequently expanded to include a highly diversified portfolio of media interests. The Hearst family is involved in the ownership and management of the corporation.\nHearst is one of the largest diversified communications companies in the world. Its major interests include 15 daily and 36 weekly newspapers and more than 300 magazines worldwide, including Harper's Bazaar, Cosmopolitan, Esquire, Elle, and O, The Oprah Magazine; 29 television stations through Hearst Television, Inc., which reach a combined 18% of U.S. viewers; ownership in leading cable networks, including A+E Networks, and ESPN Inc.; as well as business publishing, digital distribution, television production, newspaper features distribution, and real estate ventures.
/m/0hkwr	Dietary fiber, dietary fibre, or sometimes roughage and ruffage is the indigestible portion of food derived from plants and waste of animals that eat dietary fiber.\nThere are two main components:\nSoluble fiber dissolves in water. It is readily fermented in the colon into gases and physiologically active byproducts, and can be prebiotic and/or viscous. Soluble fibers tend to slow the movement of food through the system.\nInsoluble fiber does not dissolve in water. It can be metabolically inert and provide bulking or prebiotic, metabolically fermenting in the large intestine. Bulking fibers absorb water as they move through the digestive system, easing defecation. Fermentable insoluble fibers mildly promote stool regularity, although not to the extent that bulking fibers do, but they can be readily fermented in the colon into gases and physiologically active byproducts. Insoluble fibers tend to accelerate the movement of food through the system.\nDietary fibers can act by changing the nature of the contents of the gastrointestinal tract and by changing how other nutrients and chemicals are absorbed. Some types of soluble fiber absorb water to become a gelatinous, viscous substance which is fermented by bacteria in the digestive tract. Some types of insoluble fiber have bulking action and are not fermented. Lignin, a major dietary insoluble fiber source, may alter the rate and metabolism of soluble fibers. Other types of insoluble fiber, notably resistant starch, are fully fermented.
/m/064lqk	Christian punk is a form of Christian music and a subgenre of punk rock with some degree of Christian lyrical content. Much disagreement persists about the boundaries of the subgenre, and the extent that their lyrics are explicitly Christian varies among bands. For example, The Crucified explicitly rejected the classification of \"Christian punk\" while staying within the Christian music industry.\nGiven the nature of punk and some of its subgenres, such as hardcore punk, many bands have been rejected by the Christian and CCM music industry. Some bands generally avoid specific mention of God or Jesus; likewise some bands may specifically reject the CCM label or express disdain for that niche of the music industry. For example, Ninety Pound Wuss vocalist Jeff Suffering said about the breakup of the band in 2000, \"...[N]obody wanted to continue playing in [the] \"Christian\" music industry.\"
/m/0126y2	Jeffrey Atkins, better known by his stage name Ja Rule, is an American rapper, singer, and actor from Queens, New York.\nBorn in Hollis, Queens, he debuted in 1999 with Venni Vetti Vecci and its single \"Holla Holla\". From 1999 to 2005, Ja Rule had several hits that made the top 20 of the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 chart, including \"Between Me and You\" with Christina Milian, \"I'm Real\" and Ain't It Funny with Jennifer Lopez, which both topped the US Billboard Hot 100, the Grammy-nominated #1 hit, \"Always on Time\" with Ashanti, \"Mesmerize\" also with Ashanti, and \"Wonderful\" with R. Kelly and Ashanti. During the 2000s, Ja Rule was signed to The Inc. Records, which was formerly known as Murder Inc. and was led by Irv Gotti. Due from his hits with his fellow collaborators, Ja Rule has earned four Grammy nominations, and has earned six top-ten albums, two of which Rule 3:36 and Pain Is Love, topped the US Billboard 200. He is also known for some well-publicized feuds with other rappers.
/m/03h0byn	Brothers is a 2009 American drama/thriller film starring Tobey Maguire, Jake Gyllenhaal and Natalie Portman. Directed by Jim Sheridan, the film is based on Susanne Bier's 2004 Danish film Brødre which takes place in Afghanistan and Denmark. Both films take inspiration from Homer's epic poem The Odyssey. Tobey Maguire received a Golden Globe nomination for Best Actor in a Motion Picture Drama for his performance.
/m/03xds	Ieoh Ming Pei, commonly known as I. M. Pei, is a Chinese American architect often called the master of modern architecture. Born in Guangzhou and raised in Hong Kong and Shanghai, Pei drew inspiration at an early age from the gardens at Suzhou. In 1935, he moved to the United States and enrolled in the University of Pennsylvania's architecture school, but quickly transferred to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He was unhappy with the focus at both schools on Beaux-Arts architecture, and spent his free time researching emerging architects, especially Le Corbusier. After graduating, he joined the Harvard Graduate School of Design and became a friend of the Bauhaus architects Walter Gropius and Marcel Breuer. In 1939, he married Eileen Loo, who had introduced him to the GSD community. They have been married for over seventy years, and have four children, including architects Chien Chung Pei and Li Chung Pei.\nIn 1948 Mr. Pei was recruited by New York real estate magnate William Zeckendorf. There he spent seven years before establishing his own independent design firm I. M. Pei & Associates in 1955 which became I.M. Pei & Partners in 1966 and later in 1989 became Pei Cobb Freed & Partners. Mr. Pei retired from full-time practice in 1990. Since then, he has taken on work as an architectural consultant primarily from his sons' architectural firm Pei Partnership Architects. Among the early projects on which Pei took the lead were the L'Enfant Plaza Hotel in Washington, DC and the Green Building at MIT. His first major recognition came with the National Center for Atmospheric Research in Colorado; his new stature led to his selection as chief architect for the John F. Kennedy Library in Massachusetts. He went on to design Dallas City Hall and the East Building of the National Gallery of Art.
/m/03lmx1	The Scottish people, or Scots, are a nation and ethnic group native to Scotland. Historically they emerged from an amalgamation of the Picts and Gaels, incorporating neighbouring Britons to the south as well as Germanic peoples such as the Anglo-Saxons and the Norse. Later the Normans also had some influence.\nIn modern use, \"Scottish people\" or \"Scots\" is used to refer to anyone whose linguistic, cultural, family ancestral or genetic origins are from within Scotland. The Latin word Scotti originally applied to a particular, 5th century, Goidelic tribe that inhabited Ireland. Though sometimes considered archaic or pejorative, the term Scotch has also been used for the Scottish people, though this usage is current primarily outside Scotland.\nThere are people of Scottish descent in many countries other than Scotland. Emigration, influenced by factors such as the Highland and Lowland Clearances, Scottish participation in the British Empire, and latterly industrial decline and unemployment, resulted in Scottish people being found throughout the world. Large populations of Scottish people settled the new-world lands of North and South America, Australia and New Zealand. There is a Scottish presence at a particularly high level in Canada, which has the second largest population of descended Scots ancestry, after the United States. They took with them their Scottish languages and culture.
/m/0hn4h	Ho Chi Minh City, is the largest city in Vietnam. Under the name Saigon, it was the capital of the French colony of Cochinchina and later of the independent republic of South Vietnam from 1955–75. South Vietnam was a capitalist and anti-communist state which fought against the communist North Vietnamese and Viet Cong during the Vietnam War, with the assistance of the United States and other countries. On 30 April 1975, Saigon fell and the war ended with a Communist victory. On 2 July 1976, Saigon merged with the surrounding Gia Định Province and was officially renamed Ho Chi Minh City after Hồ Chí Minh (although the name Sài Gòn is still commonly used).\nThe metropolitan area, which consists of the Ho Chi Minh City metropolitan area, Thủ Dầu Một, Dĩ An, Biên Hòa and surrounding towns, is populated by more than 9,000,000 people, making it the most populous metropolitan area in Vietnam. The city's population is expected to grow to 13.9 million in 2025.\nThe Ho Chi Minh City Metropolitan Area, a metropolitan area covering most parts of the Southeast region plus Tiền Giang Province and Long An Province under planning, will have an area of 30,000 square kilometres (11,583 sq mi) with a population of 20 million inhabitants by 2020. According to the Mercer Human Resource Consulting, Economist Intelligence Unit and ECA International, Ho Chi Minh City is ranked 132 on the list of world's most expensive cities for expatriate employees.
/m/01f1jf	The 1964 Winter Olympics, officially known as the IX Olympic Winter Games, was a winter multi-sport event which was celebrated in Innsbruck, Austria, from January 29 to February 9, 1964. The Games included 1091 athletes from 36 nations, and the Olympic Torch was carried by Joseph Rieder, a former alpine skier who had participated in the 1956 Winter Olympics.\nThe Games were affected by the deaths of Australian alpine skier Ross Milne and British luge slider Kazimierz Kay-Skrzypeski, during training, and by the deaths, three years earlier, of the entire US figure skating team and family members.
/m/02c4s	Field Marshal Arthur Wellesley, 1st Duke of Wellington, KG GCB GCH PC FRS, was a British soldier and statesman, a native of Ireland from the Anglo-Irish Ascendancy, and one of the leading military and political figures of the 19th century. His importance in national history is such that he is often referred to as \"the Duke of Wellington\" instead of \"the 1st Duke of Wellington\".\nWellesley was commissioned as an ensign in the British Army in 1787. Serving in Ireland as aide-de-camp to two successive Lords Lieutenant of Ireland he was also elected as a Member of Parliament in the Irish House of Commons. A colonel by 1796, Wellesley saw action in the Netherlands and in India, where he fought in the Fourth Anglo-Mysore War at the Battle of Seringapatam. He was appointed governor of Seringapatam and Mysore in 1799 and as a newly appointed major-general won a decisive victory over the Maratha Confederacy at the Battle of Assaye in 1803.\nWellesley rose to prominence as a general during the Peninsular campaign of the Napoleonic Wars, and was promoted to the rank of field marshal after leading the allied forces to victory against the French at the Battle of Vitoria in 1813. Following Napoleon's exile in 1814, he served as the ambassador to France and was granted a dukedom. During the Hundred Days in 1815, he commanded the allied army which, together with a Prussian army under Blücher, defeated Napoleon at the Battle of Waterloo. Wellesley's battle record is exemplary, ultimately participating in some 60 battles during the course of his military career.
/m/03gyh_z	Robert Boyle is a production designer.
/m/0121h7	County Laois is a county in Ireland. It is part of the Midlands Region and is also located in the province of Leinster, and was formerly known as Queen's County. Laois County Council is the local authority for the county. The population of the county is 80,559 according to the 2011 census - 20% higher than it was in the 2006 census which is the highest percentage population growth in the country.
/m/01q03	A cult film, also commonly referred to as a cult classic, is a film that has acquired a cult following. Cult films are known for their dedicated, passionate fanbase, an elaborate subculture that engage in repeated viewings, quoting dialogue, and audience participation. Inclusive definitions allow for major Hollywood productions, especially box office bombs, while exclusive definitions focus more on obscure, transgressive films, shunned by the mainstream. The difficulty in defining the term and subjectivity of what qualifies as a cult film mirror classificatory disputes about art. The term cult movie as well as midnight movie was first used by critics and viewers in 1970, for the New York premiere of El Topo by Alejandro Jodorowsky.\nCult films trace their origin back to controversial and suppressed films kept alive by dedicated fans. In some cases, reclaimed or rediscovered films have acquired cult followings decades after their original release, sometimes for their camp value. Some cult films have since become well-respected or reassessed as classics; there is debate as to whether these popular and accepted films are still cult films. After failing in the cinema, some cult films have become regular fixtures on cable television or big sellers on home video. Others have inspired their own film festivals.
/m/04f6df0	Into the Storm or Churchill at War is a 2009 biographical film about Winston Churchill and his days in office during World War II. The movie is directed by Thaddeus O'Sullivan and stars Brendan Gleeson, who plays the British Prime Minister. Into the Storm is a sequel to the 2002 television film The Gathering Storm, which details the life of Churchill in the years just prior the war. Into the Storm had its first public premiere on HBO and HBO Canada on 31 May 2009.\nInto the Storm was nominated for 14 Primetime Emmy Awards. Brendan Gleeson won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Miniseries or a Movie.
/m/02pyg	Extreme sports is a popular term for certain activities perceived as having a high level of inherent danger. These activities often involve speed, height, a high level of physical exertion, and highly specialized gear.\nThe definition of an extreme sport is not exact and the origin of the term is unclear, but it gained popularity in the 1990s when it was picked up by marketing companies to promote the X Games and when the Extreme Sports Channel and Extreme.com launched.\nWhile use of the term \"extreme sport\" has spread far and wide to describe a multitude of different activities, exactly which sports are considered 'extreme' is debatable. There are however several characteristics common to most extreme sports. While not the exclusive domain of youth, extreme sports tend to have a younger-than-average target demographic. Extreme sports are rarely sanctioned by schools. Extreme sports tend to be more solitary than traditional sports . In addition, beginning extreme athletes tend to work on their craft without the guidance of a coach.
/m/0bwjj	The Boston Celtics are a National Basketball Association team based in Boston, Massachusetts. They play in the Atlantic Division of the Eastern Conference. Founded in 1946 and one of eight NBA teams to survive the league's first decade, the team is currently owned by Boston Basketball Partners LLC. The Celtics play their home games at the TD Garden, which they share with the National Hockey League's Boston Bruins. The franchise's seventeen championships are the most for any NBA franchise.\nFrom 1957 to 1969, the Celtics dominated the league, winning eleven championships in thirteen years and eight in a row, the longest consecutive streak of any North American professional sports team. The Celtics dominated the league during the late 1950s and through the mid-1980s, with the help of many Hall of Famers which include Bill Russell, Bob Cousy, John Havlicek, Larry Bird and legendary Celtics coach Red Auerbach, combined for a 795–397 record that helped the Celtics win sixteen Championships. Before the retirement of the “Big Three”, who included Larry Bird, Robert Parish and Kevin McHale, thanks to some creative maneuvering by Auerbach, the Celtics had drafted second overall pick Len Bias but the team fell into decline as the college star died two days after he was drafted. Later, the team suffered another tragedy when their star player Reggie Lewis died of a heart attack in his prime.
/m/01xvlc	Loughborough is one of the country’s leading universities, with an international reputation for research that matters, excellence in teaching, strong links with industry, and unrivalled achievement in sport and its underpinning academic disciplines. It was awarded the coveted Sunday Times University of the Year 2008-09 title, and is consistently ranked in the top twenty of UK universities in national newspaper league tables. In the 2011 National Student Survey, Loughborough was voted one of the top universities in the UK, and has topped the Times Higher Education league for the Best Student Experience in England every year since the poll's inception in 2006. In recognition of its contribution to the sector, the University has been awarded six Queen's Anniversary Prizes. Loughborough is also the UK’s premier university for sport. It has perhaps the best integrated sports development environment in the world and is home to some of the country’s leading coaches, sports scientists and support staff. It also has the country’s largest concentration of world-class training facilities across a wide range of sports. It is a member of the 1994 Group of 19 leading research-intensive universities. The Group was established in 1994 to promote excellence in university research and teaching. Each member undertakes diverse and high-quality research, while ensuring excellent levels of teaching and student experience.
/m/01f1jy	The 1972 Winter Olympics, officially known as the XI Olympic Winter Games, were a winter multi-sport event which was celebrated from February 3 to February 13, 1972 in Sapporo, Hokkaidō, Japan. It was the first Winter Olympics to be held outside Europe and North America, and only the third game held outside those regions over all, after Melbourne and Tokyo.
/m/059j1m	David Michael Koechner is an American character actor and comedian best known for playing roles such as Champ Kind in the Anchorman films and Todd Packer on NBC's The Office.\nKoechner first became involved in performing when he began studying improvisational comedy in Chicago at ImprovOlympic, under the teachings of Del Close, before joining the Second City Northwest. After year long stints of doing sketch comedy on Saturday Night Live and Late Night with Conan O'Brien in the mid 1990s, Koechner began appearing with small roles in the films such as Wag the Dog, Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me, and Man on the Moon.\nWhile filming the country mockumentary film Dill Scallion in 1998, Koechner befriended actor/comedian Dave 'Gruber' Allen, and eventually began performing as the comedy duo, The Naked Trucker & T-Bones Show, a live musical comedy act. The act became a hit at Hollywood clubs such as Largo, and Allen and Koechner were invited to open for Tenacious D. In 2007, Koechner and Allen created and starred together in a Naked Trucker & T-Bones Show sketch comedy series that ran for one season on Comedy Central.\nAfter his breakout role as Champ Kind in the 2004 comedy Anchorman, Koechner began appearing frequently with larger supporting roles in many high-profile comedic films including Talladega Nights, Thank You for Smoking, Waiting..., Semi-Pro, The Goods: Live Hard, Sell Hard, and Extract. His first leading film role, as Coach Lambeau Fields in Fox Atomic's sports comedy, The Comebacks opened on October 19, 2007. Koechner most recently reprised his role of Champ Kind for Anchorman 2: The Legend Continues and is receiving praise for his dark turn in the upcoming black comedy Cheap Thrills.
/m/04q5zw	Michael De Luca is an American movie producer and screenwriter.
/m/02ynfr	Art director is the title for a variety of similar job functions in theater, advertising, marketing, publishing, film and television, the Internet, and video games.
/m/0b455l	Gary Ross is an American film director, writer, and author. He directed the film The Hunger Games, as well as Pleasantville and the Best Picture nominated Seabiscuit, among others.
/m/01br2w	The Passion of the Christ is a 2004 American drama film directed by Mel Gibson and starring Jim Caviezel as Jesus Christ. It depicts the Passion of Jesus largely according to the New Testament Gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke and John. It also draws on other devotional writings, such as those disputedly attributed to Anne Catherine Emmerich.\nThe film covers the final 12 hours of Jesus' life, beginning with the Agony in the Garden and ending with a brief depiction of his resurrection. Flashbacks of Jesus as a child and as a young man with Mary his mother, giving the Sermon on the Mount, teaching the Twelve Apostles, and at the Last Supper are some of the images depicted. The dialogue is entirely in reconstructed Aramaic and Latin with vernacular subtitles.\nThe film has been highly controversial and received mixed reviews, with some critics claiming that the extreme violence in the movie \"obscures its message.\" Catholic sources have questioned the authenticity of the non-biblical material the film drew on. The film, however, was a major commercial hit, grossing in excess of $600 million during its theatrical release, becoming the highest grossing R-rated film in United States and highest grossing non-English-language film of all time.
/m/092j54	The 2003 NFL Draft was the procedure by which National Football League teams selected amateur college football players. The draft is known officially as the \"NFL Annual Player Selection Meeting\" and has been conducted annually since 1936. The draft was held April 26–27, 2003 at the Theatre at Madison Square Garden. The league also held a supplemental draft after the regular draft and before the regular season.\nThe draft was broadcast on ESPN and ESPN2 beginning at noon on Saturday, April 26 and beginning at 11:00 am on Sunday, April 27. The draft consisted of seven rounds, with teams selecting in the reverse order of the finish the previous season. There were 32 compensatory picks distributed among 15 teams, with five teams each receiving four additional selections. In addition, the Houston Texans, who started play as an expansion franchise the previous season, were granted a supplemental selection in the middle of each of the draft's final five rounds.\nThere was little drama when the draft began with the Cincinnati Bengals selecting Carson Palmer, as Palmer had agreed to contract terms with the Bengals the previous day. He became the first Heisman Trophy winner selected first overall in the draft since Vinny Testaverde in 1987. The event ended nearly 30 hours later with Ryan Hoag being chosen by the Oakland Raiders with the final pick and thus gaining the distinction of \"Mr. Irrelevant\".
/m/042d1	James Monroe was the fifth President of the United States. Monroe was the last president who was a Founding Father of the United States, the third of them to die on Independence Day, and the last president from the Virginia dynasty and the Republican Generation. He was of French and Scottish descent. Born in Westmoreland County, Virginia, Monroe was of the planter class and fought in the American Revolutionary War. He was wounded in the Battle of Trenton with a musket ball to his shoulder. After studying law under Thomas Jefferson from 1780 to 1783, he served as a delegate in the Continental Congress. As an anti-federalist delegate to the Virginia convention that considered ratification of the United States Constitution, Monroe opposed ratification, claiming it gave too much power to the central government. He took an active part in the new government, and in 1790 he was elected to the Senate of the first United States Congress, where he joined the Jeffersonians. He gained experience as an executive as the Governor of Virginia and rose to national prominence as a diplomat in France, when he helped negotiate the Louisiana Purchase in 1803. During the War of 1812, Monroe held the critical roles of Secretary of State and the Secretary of War under President James Madison.
/m/02rp117	Indie folk is a music genre that arose in the 1990s from musicians in the indie rock community influenced by folk and classic country music. Indie folk combines the catchy melodies of indie rock with the acoustical sounds of contemporary folk music. Early artists included Ani DiFranco and Dan Bern. Later artists of note included The Decemberists, Fleet Foxes, The Cave Singers, Loch Lomond, Bon Iver, Or, The Whale, Great Lake Swimmers, and Blind Pilot.\nThe genre is related to freak folk, psych folk, baroque pop, and new weird America.
/m/06qm3	The screwball comedy is a principally American genre of comedy film that became popular during the Great Depression, originating in the early 1930s and thriving until the early 1940s. Many secondary characteristics of this genre are similar to the film noir, but it distinguishes itself for being characterized by a female that dominates the relationship with the male central character, whose masculinity is challenged. The two engage in a humorous battle of the sexes, which was a new theme for Hollywood and audiences at the time. Other elements are fast-pace repartee, farcical situations, escapist themes, and plot lines involving courtship and marriage. Screwball comedies often depict social classes in conflict, as in It Happened One Night and My Man Godfrey. Some comic plays are also described as screwball comedies.
/m/0drtkx	The Golden Globe Award for Best Animated Feature Film was awarded for the first time at the 64th Golden Globe Awards in 2007. It was the first time that the Golden Globe Awards had created a separate category for animated films since its establishment. The nominations are announced in January and an awards ceremony is held later in the month. Initially, only three films are nominated for best animated film, in contrast to five nominations for the majority of other awards. The Disney Pixar film Cars was the first recipient of the award. The award for best animated film has subsequently been presented to five other Pixar films: Ratatouille received the award in 2008, WALL-E was the recipient in 2009, Up received the award in 2010, Toy Story 3 won in 2011, and Brave won in 2013. In 2012, Cars 2 lost to The Adventures of Tintin. The Hollywood Foreign Press Association has been awarding Golden Globe Awards since 1944.\nEnglish-language films may be nominated in only one feature category. Therefore films nominated in this category are ineligible to be nominated for Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy, Best Motion Picture – Drama if their principal dialogue is in English. However, films nominated for Best Foreign Language Film are eligible for Best Animated Feature; the only Golden Globe film awards for which they are ineligible are the two Best Motion Picture awards. This has led to much confusion leading many to believe animated films are snubbed in the Best Motion Picture categories, specifically Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy where animated films have won before, but in reality they simply are not eligible to be nominated.
/m/0bpk2	Tangerine Dream is a German electronic music group founded in 1967 by Edgar Froese. The band has undergone many personnel changes over the years, with Froese being the only continuous member. Drummer and composer Klaus Schulze was briefly a member of an early lineup, but the most stable version of the group, during their influential mid-1970s period, was as a trio with Froese, Christopher Franke, and Peter Baumann. In the late 1970s, Johannes Schmoelling replaced Baumann, and this lineup, too, was stable and extremely productive.\nTangerine Dream's early \"Pink Years\" albums had a pivotal role in the development of krautrock. Their \"Virgin Years\" albums helped define what became known as the Berlin School of electronic music. These and later albums were influential in the development of electronic dance music, and also the genre known as New Age music, though the band themselves disliked the term. From the late 1990s into the 2000s, Tangerine Dream has also explored some styles of electronica.\nAlthough the group has released numerous studio and live recordings, a substantial number of their fans were introduced to Tangerine Dream by their film soundtracks, which total over sixty and include Sorcerer, Thief, The Keep, Risky Business, Firestarter, Legend, Near Dark, Shy People, and Miracle Mile. They have recently composed the original score for the video game Grand Theft Auto V.
/m/0kbq	The American Civil War, also known as the War Between the States, or simply the Civil War in the United States, was a civil war fought from 1861 to 1865 in the United States after seven Southern slave states declared their secession and formed the Confederate States of America. The states that remained in the Union were known as the \"Union\" or the \"North\". The war had its origin in the fractious issue of slavery, especially the extension of slavery into the western territories. Foreign powers did not intervene. After four years of bloody combat that left over 600,000 soldiers dead and destroyed much of the South's infrastructure, the Confederacy collapsed, slavery was abolished, and the difficult Reconstruction process of restoring national unity and guaranteeing rights to the freed slaves began.\nIn the 1860 presidential election, Republicans, led by Abraham Lincoln, opposed the expansion of slavery into United States' territories. Lincoln won, but before his inauguration on March 4, 1861, seven slave states with cotton-based economies formed the Confederacy. Outgoing Democratic President James Buchanan and the incoming Republicans rejected secession as illegal. Lincoln's inaugural address declared his administration would not initiate civil war. Eight remaining slave states continued to reject calls for secession. Confederate forces seized numerous federal forts within territory claimed by the Confederacy. A peace conference failed to find a compromise, and both sides prepared for war. The Confederates assumed that European countries were so dependent on \"King Cotton\" that they would intervene; none did and none recognized the new Confederate States of America.
/m/010nlt	Monte Carlo officially refers to an administrative area of the Principality of Monaco, specifically the ward of Monte Carlo/Spélugues, where the Monte Carlo Casino is located. Informally the name also refers to a larger district, the Monte Carlo Quarter, which besides Monte Carlo/Spélugues also includes the wards of La Rousse/Saint Roman, Larvotto/Bas Moulins, and Saint Michel. The permanent population of the ward of Monte Carlo is about 3,500, while that of the quarter is about 15,000. Monaco has four traditional quarters. From west to east they are: Fontvieille, Monaco-Ville, La Condamine, and Monte Carlo.\nMonte Carlo is situated on a prominent escarpment at the base of the Maritime Alps along the French Riviera. Near the western end of the quarter is the world-famous Place du Casino, the gambling center which has made Monte Carlo \"an international byword for the extravagant display and reckless dispersal of wealth\". It is also the location of the Hôtel de Paris, the Café de Paris, and the Salle Garnier. The eastern part of the quarter includes the community of Larvotto with Monaco's only public beach, as well as its new convention center, and the Monte-Carlo Bay Hotel & Resort. At its western border one crosses into the French town of Beausoleil, and just 5 miles to its east is the western border of Italy.
/m/0kftt	Dame Julie Elizabeth Andrews, DBE is an English film and stage actress, singer, author, theatre director, and dancer. In 2000, she was made a Dame by Queen Elizabeth II for services to the performing arts.\nAndrews is a former child actress and singer who appeared on the West End in 1948, and made her Broadway debut in a 1954 production of The Boy Friend, and rose to prominence starring in musicals such as My Fair Lady and Camelot, both of which earned her Tony Award nominations. In 1957, she appeared on television with the title role in Cinderella, which was seen by over 100 million viewers.\nAndrews made her feature film debut in Mary Poppins, for which she won the Academy Award for Best Actress. She received her second Academy Award nomination for The Sound of Music, and won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in a Musical. Adjusted for inflation, the latter film is the 3rd highest grossing film of all time. Between 1964 and 1967, Andrews had other box office successes with The Americanization of Emily, Hawaii, Alfred Hitchcock's Torn Curtain, and Thoroughly Modern Millie, making her the most successful film star in the world at that time.
/m/0dttf	Addis Ababa, sometimes spelled Addis Abeba, is the capital city of Ethiopia. It is the largest city in Ethiopia, with a population of 3,384,569 according to the 2007 population census with annual growth rate of 3.8%. This number has been increased from the originally published 2,738,248 figure and appears to be still largely underestimated.\nAs a chartered city, Addis Ababa has the status of both a city and a state. It is where the African Union and its predecessor the OAU are based. It also hosts the headquarters of the United Nations Economic Commission for Africa and numerous other continental and international organizations. Addis Ababa is therefore often referred to as \"the political capital of Africa\" due to its historical, diplomatic and political significance for the continent. The city is populated by people from different regions of Ethiopia – the country has as many as 80 nationalities speaking 80 languages and belonging to a wide variety of religious communities. It is home to Addis Ababa University. The Federation of African Societies of Chemistry and Horn of Africa Press Institute are also headquartered in Addis Ababa.
/m/05f4vxd	Glee is an American teen musical comedy-drama television series that airs on the Fox network in the United States. It focuses on the reconstituted William McKinley High School glee club, New Directions, which competes on the show choir competition circuit while its disparate members deal with relationships, sexuality, social issues, and learning to become an effective team. The initial twelve-member main cast encompassed new club director and Spanish teacher Will Schuester, cheerleading coach Sue Sylvester, guidance counselor Emma Pillsbury, Will's wife Terri, and eight club members played by Dianna Agron, Chris Colfer, Kevin McHale, Lea Michele, Cory Monteith, Amber Riley, Mark Salling, and Jenna Ushkowitz. In subsequent seasons, the main cast has expanded to fourteen and fifteen members.\nThe series was created by Ryan Murphy, Brad Falchuk, and Ian Brennan, the last of whom first conceived of Glee as a film. The three wrote all of the show's episodes for the first two seasons, and Murphy and Falchuk initially served as the show's main directors. The pilot episode was broadcast on May 19, 2009, and the first season aired from September 9, 2009, to June 8, 2010. Subsequent seasons have begun airing in September and ended in May; the fifth season premiered on September 26, 2013, and a sixth season has already been commissioned. Glee features on-screen performance-based musical numbers that are selected by Murphy, who aims to maintain a balance between show tunes and chart hits, and produced by Adam Anders and Peer Åström. Songs covered in the show are released through the iTunes Store during the week of broadcast, and a series of Glee albums have been released by Columbia Records. The music of Glee has been a commercial success, with over thirty-six million digital single sales and eleven million album sales worldwide through October 2011. The series' merchandise also includes DVD and Blu-ray releases, an iPad application, and karaoke games for the Wii. There were live concert tours by the show's cast after the first and second seasons completed shooting; a concert film based on the 2011 tour, Glee: The 3D Concert Movie, was produced by Murphy and Fox and directed by Kevin Tancharoen.
/m/025sqz8	Zinc, in commerce also spelter, is a metallic chemical element; it has the symbol Zn and atomic number 30. It is the first element of group 12 of the periodic table. Zinc is, in some respects, chemically similar to magnesium, because its ion is of similar size and its only common oxidation state is +2. Zinc is the 24th most abundant element in the Earth's crust and has five stable isotopes. The most common zinc ore is sphalerite, a zinc sulfide mineral. The largest mineable amounts are found in Australia, Asia, and the United States. Zinc production includes froth flotation of the ore, roasting, and final extraction using electricity.\nBrass, which is an alloy of copper and zinc, has been used since at least the 10th century BC in Judea and by the 7th century BC in Ancient Greece. Zinc metal was not produced in large scale until the 12th century in India, while the metal was unknown to Europe until the end of the 16th century. The mines of Rajasthan have given definite evidence of zinc production going back to 6th Century BC. To date the oldest evidence of pure zinc comes from Zawar, Rajasthan as early as 9th century AD, when distillation process was employed to make pure zinc. Alchemists burned zinc in air to form what they called \"philosopher's wool\" or \"white snow.\"
/m/0173kj	New Plymouth is the major city of the Taranaki Region on the west coast of the North Island of New Zealand. It is named after Plymouth, Devon, England, from where the first English settlers migrated. The New Plymouth District includes New Plymouth City and several smaller towns. The New Plymouth District is the 15th largest district in New Zealand, and has 1.7 percent of New Zealand's population. The district has a population of 74,187 — nearly two thirds of the total population of the Taranaki Region. This includes New Plymouth City, Waitara, Inglewood, Oakura, Okato and Urenui.\nThe city itself is a service centre for the region's principal economic activities including intensive pastoral activities as well as oil, natural gas and petrochemical exploration and production. It is also the region's financial centre as the home of the TSB Bank, the largest of the remaining non-government New Zealand-owned banks.\nNotable features are the botanic gardens, the 11 km Coastal Walkway alongside the Tasman Sea, the Len Lye-designed 45-metre-tall artwork known as the Wind Wand, Paritutu Rock, and views of Mount Taranaki/Egmont.
/m/0ym4t	Oriel College is a constituent college of the University of Oxford in Oxford, England. Located in Oriel Square, the college has the distinction of being the oldest royal foundation in Oxford. In recognition of this royal connection, the college has also been known as King's College and King's Hall. The reigning monarch of the United Kingdom is the official Visitor of the College.\nThe original medieval foundation set up by Adam de Brome, under the patronage of Edward II, was called the House or Hall of the Blessed Mary at Oxford. The first design allowed for a Provost and ten Fellows, called 'scholars', and the College remained a small body of graduate Fellows until the 16th century, when it started to admit undergraduates. During the English Civil War, Oriel played host to high-ranking members of the King's Oxford Parliament.\nThe main site of the College incorporates four medieval halls: Bedel Hall, St Mary Hall, St Martin Hall and Tackley's Inn, the last being the earliest property acquired by the college and the oldest standing medieval hall in Oxford. The College has nearly 40 Fellows, about 300 undergraduates and some 160 graduates, the student body having roughly equal numbers of men and women.
/m/0c_j9x	Murder on the Orient Express is a 1974 British mystery film directed by Sidney Lumet, starring Albert Finney as Hercule Poirot, and based on the 1934 novel Murder on the Orient Express by Agatha Christie.
/m/0193x	Biochemistry, sometimes called biological chemistry, is the study of chemical processes within and relating to living organisms. By controlling information flow through biochemical signaling and the flow of chemical energy through metabolism, biochemical processes give rise to the complexity of life. Over the last 40 years, biochemistry has become so successful at explaining living processes that now almost all areas of the life sciences from botany to medicine are engaged in biochemical research. Today, the main focus of pure biochemistry is in understanding how biological molecules give rise to the processes that occur within living cells, which in turn relates greatly to the study and understanding of whole organisms.\nBiochemistry is closely related to molecular biology, the study of the molecular mechanisms by which genetic information encoded in DNA is able to result in the processes of life. Depending on the exact definition of the terms used, molecular biology can be thought of as a branch of biochemistry, or biochemistry as a tool with which to investigate and study molecular biology.\nMuch of biochemistry deals with the structures, functions and interactions of biological macromolecules, such as proteins, nucleic acids, carbohydrates and lipids, which provide the structure of cells and perform many of the functions associated with life. The chemistry of the cell also depends on the reactions of smaller molecules and ions. These can be inorganic, for example water and metal ions, or organic, for example the amino acids which are used to synthesize proteins. The mechanisms by which cells harness energy from their environment via chemical reactions are known as metabolism. The findings of biochemistry are applied primarily in medicine, nutrition, and agriculture. In medicine, biochemists investigate the causes and cures of disease. In nutrition, they study how to maintain health and study the effects of nutritional deficiencies. In agriculture, biochemists investigate soil and fertilizers, and try to discover ways to improve crop cultivation, crop storage and pest control.
/m/0292qb	Lara Croft Tomb Raider: The Cradle of Life is a 2003 action film directed by Jan de Bont, and starring Angelina Jolie as Lara Croft with supporting roles done by Gerard Butler, Ciarán Hinds, Chris Barrie, Noah Taylor, Til Schweiger, Djimon Hounsou, and Simon Yam. It is a sequel to the 2001 film Lara Croft: Tomb Raider. Like the first film, the film received mostly negative reviews, but critics noted an improvement on its predecessor particularly in the action sequences and continued to praise Jolie's performance.
/m/074m2	Syphilis is a sexually transmitted infection caused by the spirochete bacterium Treponema pallidum subspecies pallidum. The primary route of transmission is through sexual contact; it may also be transmitted from mother to fetus during pregnancy or at birth, resulting in congenital syphilis. Other human diseases caused by related Treponema pallidum include yaws, pinta, and bejel.\nThe signs and symptoms of syphilis vary depending in which of the four stages it presents. The primary stage classically presents with a single chancre, secondary syphilis with a diffuse rash which frequently involves the palms of the hands and soles of the feet, latent syphilis with little to no symptoms, and tertiary syphilis with gummas, neurological, or cardiac symptoms. It has, however, been known as \"the great imitator\" due to its frequent atypical presentations. Diagnosis is usually via blood tests; however, the bacteria can also be detected using dark field microscopy. Syphilis can be effectively treated with antibiotics, specifically the preferred intramuscular penicillin G, or else ceftriaxone, and in those who have a severe penicillin allergy, oral doxycycline or azithromycin.
/m/03y9p40	The Oklahoma Sooners men's basketball team represents the University of Oklahoma in men's NCAA Division I basketball. The Sooners play in the Big 12 Conference.
/m/01f8ld	Kathryn Ann Bigelow is an American film director, film producer, screenwriter and television director.\nHer films include Near Dark, Point Break, Strange Days, The Weight of Water, K-19: The Widowmaker, The Hurt Locker, and Zero Dark Thirty. The Hurt Locker won the 2009 Academy Award for Best Picture, won the BAFTA Award for Best Film, and was nominated for the 2009 Golden Globe Award for Best Drama.\nWith The Hurt Locker, Bigelow became the first woman to win the Academy Award for Best Director, the Directors Guild of America Award for Outstanding Directing, the BAFTA Award for Best Direction, and the Critics' Choice Movie Award for Best Director. She also became the first woman to win the Saturn Award for Best Director in 1995 for Strange Days.\nIn April 2010, Bigelow was named to the Time 100 list of most influential people of the year.
/m/04rrx	Michigan is a state in the Great Lakes region of the Midwestern United States. The name Michigan is the French form of the Ojibwa word mishigamaa, meaning \"large water\" or \"large lake\". Michigan is the 9th most populous of the 50 United States, with the 11th most extensive total area. Its capital is Lansing, and the largest city is Detroit.\nMichigan is the only state to consist of two peninsulas. The Lower Peninsula, to which the name Michigan was originally applied, is often noted to be shaped like a mitten. The Upper Peninsula is separated from the Lower Peninsula by the Straits of Mackinac, a five-mile channel that joins Lake Huron to Lake Michigan. The two peninsulas are connected by the Mackinac Bridge. The state has the longest freshwater coastline of any political subdivision in the world, being bounded by four of the five Great Lakes, plus Lake Saint Clair. As a result, it is one of the leading U.S. states for recreational boating. Michigan also has 64,980 inland lakes and ponds, and a person in the state is never more than six miles from a natural water source or more than 85 miles from a Great Lakes shoreline.
/m/01tpvt	The University of Zurich, located in the city of Zurich, is the largest university in Switzerland, with over 26,000 students. It was founded in 1833 from the existing colleges of theology, law, medicine and a new faculty of philosophy.\nCurrently, the university has faculties of arts, chiropractic medicine economics, law, medicine, science, theology and veterinary medicine. The university claims to offer the widest range of subjects and courses at any Swiss higher education institution.
/m/02mv9b	Paul Frees was an American voice actor and character actor known for his work with The Walt Disney Company, and for portraying villain Boris Badenov on The Rocky and Bullwinkle Show.
/m/0252fh	James Edmund Caan is an American actor. He is best known for his starring roles in The Godfather, Thief, Misery, A Bridge Too Far, Brian's Song, Rollerball, Kiss Me Goodbye, and El Dorado. He also starred as \"Big Ed\" Deline in the television series Las Vegas. He is currently cast as Terry \"The Cannon\" Gannon, Sr. in the ABC sitcom Back in the Game.
/m/0cq806	A Man for All Seasons is a 1966 British film based on Robert Bolt's play of the same name about Sir Thomas More. It was released on 12 December 1966. Paul Scofield, who had played More in the West End stage premiere, also took the role in the film. It was directed by Fred Zinnemann, who had previously directed such films as High Noon and From Here to Eternity. The film won six Academy Awards, including Best Picture, Best Director, and Best Actor.\nThe film ranked number 43 on the British Film Institute's list of the top 100 British films. In 1995, on the occasion of the 100th anniversary of cinema, the Vatican listed it among the greatest religious movies of all time.
/m/01p0mx	SV Wacker Burghausen is a German football club based in Burghausen, Bavaria and is part of one of the nation's largest sports clubs with some 6,000 members participating in two dozen different sports.
/m/02ts3h	Vivica Anjanetta Fox is an American actress and television producer. She is best known for her roles in the films Independence Day, Set It Off, Soul Food, Why Do Fools Fall in Love, Kill Bill, Booty Call, and Juwanna Mann.
/m/05bcl	Northern Ireland is a part of the United Kingdom in the north-east of the island of Ireland. It is variously described as a country, province or region of the UK, amongst other terms. Northern Ireland shares a border to the south and west with the Republic of Ireland. As of 2011, its population was 1,810,863, constituting about 30% of the island's total population and about 3% of the United Kingdom's population. Since the signing of the Good Friday Agreement in 1998, Northern Ireland is largely self-governing. According to the agreement, Northern Ireland co-operates with the rest of Ireland on some policy areas, while other areas are reserved for the Government of the United Kingdom, though the Republic of Ireland \"may put forward views and proposals\" with \"determined efforts to resolve disagreements between [the two governments]\".\nNorthern Ireland was created in 1921, when Ireland was partitioned between Northern Ireland and Southern Ireland by an act of the British parliament. Unlike Southern Ireland, which would become the Irish Free State in 1922, the majority of Northern Ireland's population were unionists or loyalists, who wanted to remain within the United Kingdom. Most of these were the Protestant descendants of colonists from Great Britain. However, a significant minority, mostly Catholics, were nationalists or republicans who wanted a united Ireland independent of British rule. Today, the former generally see themselves as British and the latter generally see themselves as Irish. Some people from both communities describe themselves as Northern Irish. Historically, Northern Ireland was marked by discrimination and hostility between these two communities in what Nobel Peace Prize-winner David Trimble called a \"cold house\" for Catholics. In the late 1960s, conflict between the two communities, and involving state forces, erupted into three decades of violence known as The Troubles, which claimed over 3,000 lives and caused over 50,000 casualties. The Good Friday Agreement in 1998 was a major step in the peace process although sectarianism and religious segregation still remain major social problems.
/m/09px1w	Akiva D. \"Kiv\" Schaffer is an American writer for Saturday Night Live, film director, songwriter, member of The Lonely Island and actor.
/m/0745k7	Alan Oppenheimer is an American character actor and voice actor. He has performed numerous roles on live-action television since the 1960s, and has had an active career doing voice work in cartoons since the 1970s.
/m/07s72n	Dubstep is a genre of electronic dance music that originated in South London, England. It emerged in the late 1990s as a development within a lineage of related styles such as 2-step garage, broken beat, drum and bass, jungle, dub and reggae. In the UK the origins of the genre can be traced back to the growth of the Jamaican sound system party scene in the early 1980s. The music generally features syncopated drum and percussion patterns with bass lines that contain prominent sub bass frequencies.\nThe earliest dubstep releases date back to 1998, and were usually featured as B-sides of 2-step garage single releases. These tracks were darker, more experimental remixes with less emphasis on vocals, and attempted to incorporate elements of breakbeat and drum and bass into 2-step. In 2001, this and other strains of dark garage music began to be showcased and promoted at London's night club Plastic People, at the \"Forward\" night, which went on to be considerably influential to the development of dubstep. The term \"dubstep\" in reference to a genre of music began to be used by around 2002 by labels such as Big Apple, Ammunition, and Tempa, by which time stylistic trends used in creating these remixes started to become more noticeable and distinct from 2-step and grime.
/m/0f2yw	Doha is the capital city of the state of Qatar.\nLocated on the coast of the Persian Gulf, it had a population of 998,651 in 2008. Doha is Qatar's largest city, with over 60% of the nation's population residing in Doha or its surrounding suburbs, and is also the economic centre of the country. It is also one of the municipalities of Qatar.\nDoha also serves as the seat of government of Qatar. Doha is home to the Education City, an area devoted to research and education. Doha was the site of the first ministerial-level meeting of the Doha Development Round of World Trade Organization negotiations. The city of Doha held the 2006 Asian Games, which was the largest Asian Games ever held. Doha also hosted the 2011 Pan Arab Games and most of the games at the 2011 AFC Asian Cup. Doha hosted the UNFCCC Climate Negotiations December 2012 and will host a large number of the venues for the 2022 FIFA World Cup. The World Petroleum Council held the 20th World Petroleum Conference in Doha in December 2011.
/m/06qmk	The Schutzstaffel was a major paramilitary organization under Adolf Hitler and the Nazi Party. It began at the end of 1920 as a small, permanent guard unit known as the \"Saal-Schutz\" made up of NSDAP volunteers to provide security for Nazi Party meetings in Munich. Later, in 1925, Heinrich Himmler joined the unit, which had by then been reformed and renamed the \"Schutz-Staffel\". Under Himmler's leadership, it grew from a small paramilitary formation to one of the largest and most powerful organizations in the Third Reich. Built upon the Nazi ideology, the SS under Himmler's command was responsible for many of the crimes against humanity during World War II. The SS, along with the Nazi Party, was declared a criminal organization by the International Military Tribunal, and banned in Germany after 1945.
/m/0jpy_	Newport is a seaside city on Aquidneck Island in Newport County, Rhode Island, United States. It is located 23 miles south of Providence, and 61 miles south of Boston. Known as a New England summer resort and for the famous Newport Mansions, it is the home of Salve Regina University and Naval Station Newport which houses the United States Naval War College, the Naval Undersea Warfare Center, and a major United States Navy training center. A major 18th-century port city, Newport now contains among the highest number of surviving colonial buildings of any city in the United States. The city is the county seat of Newport County. Newport was known for being the city of some of the \"Summer White Houses\" during the administrations of Presidents Dwight D. Eisenhower and John F. Kennedy. The population was 24,672 at the 2010 census.
/m/0cdf37	Dean Tavoularis is a Greek American motion picture production designer whose work appeared in numerous box office hits such as The Godfather films, Apocalypse Now, The Brink's Job, One from the Heart and Bonnie and Clyde.
/m/01h320	James Albert Michener was an American author of more than 40 titles, the majority of which were sweeping family sagas, covering the lives of many generations in particular geographic locales and incorporating historical facts into the stories. Michener was known for the meticulous research behind his work.\nMichener's major books include Tales of the South Pacific, Hawaii, The Drifters, Centennial, The Source, The Fires of Spring, Chesapeake, Caribbean, Caravans, Alaska, Texas, and Poland. His nonfiction works include the 1968 Iberia about his travels in Spain and Portugal, his 1992 memoir The World Is My Home, and Sports in America. Return to Paradise combines fictional short stories with Michener's factual descriptions of the Pacific areas where they take place.
/m/0k57l	Roscoe Conkling \"Fatty\" Arbuckle was an American silent film actor, comedian, director, and screenwriter. Starting at the Selig Polyscope Company he eventually moved to Keystone Studios where he worked with Mabel Normand and Harold Lloyd. He mentored Charlie Chaplin and discovered Buster Keaton and Bob Hope. Arbuckle was one of the most popular silent stars of the 1910s, and soon became one of the highest paid actors in Hollywood, signing a contract in 1921 with Paramount Pictures for US$1 million.\nBetween November 1921 and April 1922, Arbuckle endured three widely publicized trials for the rape and manslaughter of actress Virginia Rappe. Rappe had fallen ill at a party hosted by Arbuckle at the St. Francis Hotel in San Francisco in September 1921; she died four days later. Arbuckle was accused by Rappe's acquaintance of raping and accidentally killing Rappe. After the first two trials, which resulted in hung juries, Arbuckle was acquitted in the third trial and received a formal written apology from the jury.\nDespite Arbuckle's acquittal, the scandal has mostly overshadowed his legacy as a pioneering comedian. Following the trials, his films were banned and he was publicly ostracized. Although the ban on his films was lifted within a year, Arbuckle only worked sparingly through the 1920s. He later worked as a film director under the alias William Goodrich. He was finally able to return to acting, making short two-reel comedies in 1932 for Warner Brothers. He died in his sleep of a heart attack in 1933 at age 46, reportedly on the same day he signed a contract with Warner Brothers to make a feature film.
/m/0230rx	St. Johnstone F.C. is a professional football club based in Perth, Scotland. Although it is officially recorded as being formed in 1884, the club did not play its first game until February 1885. The club's home since 1989 has been McDiarmid Park.\nSt. Johnstone won the Scottish Football League First Division, the second tier of league football in Scotland, in 2008–09. This gained them promotion to the Scottish Premier League, bringing a return of SPL football to McDiarmid Park for the 2009–10 campaign, after a seven-year absence. The club have historically floated between the top two divisions of Scottish football, obtaining the reputation of being a \"yo-yo club\". Their traditional rivals are the two Dundee clubs, Dundee and Dundee United, with matches between St. Johnstone and either Dundee club being called Tayside derbies. St. Johnstone have a stronger rivalry with Dundee than Dundee United.\nThe club has had limited success in cup competitions. It has reached two Scottish League Cup Finals, losing them to each of the Old Firm clubs. The club has never reached a Scottish Cup Final in its history, although it has been in a number of semi-finals in recent years, and were only defeated on penalties at that stage by eventual winners Rangers in 2008. St. Johnstone won its first national cup competition of the modern era by winning the Scottish Challenge Cup in 2007, the club had won the Scottish Consolation Cup in 1911 and 1914, and the B Division Supplementary Cup in 1949. They have competed in European competitions on four occasions via finishing high enough in the league table to qualify; their highest position overall was third place on three occasions, 1971, 1999 and 2013.
/m/011v3	Associazione Calcio Milan, commonly referred to as A.C. Milan or simply Milan, is a professional Italian football club based in Milan, Lombardy, that plays in Serie A. Milan was founded in 1899 by English lace-maker Herbert Kilpin and businessman Alfred Edwards among others. The club has spent its entire history, with the exception of the 1980–81 and 1982–83 seasons, in the top flight of Italian football, known as Serie A since 1929–30.\nThey are the second most successful club in world football in terms of international trophies along with Boca Juniors, with 18 officially recognized UEFA and FIFA titles. Milan has won a record of three Intercontinental Cup and once its successor, the FIFA Club World Cup. Milan also won the European Cup/Champions League on seven occasions, second only to Real Madrid. They also won the UEFA Super Cup a record five times and the Cup Winners' Cup twice. Milan won every major competition in which it has competed, with the exception of the Europa League. Domestically, with 18 league titles Milan is the joint-second most successful club in Serie A behind Juventus, along with local rivals Inter. They have also won the Coppa Italia five times, as well as a record six Supercoppa Italiana triumphs.
/m/0jksm	Tsinghua University is a research university located in Beijing, China, and one of the nine members in the C9 League.\nThe institution was originally established in 1911 under the name \"Tsinghua College\" and had been renamed several times since then: from \"Tsinghua School\" which was used one year after its establishment, to \"National Tsinghua University\" which was adopted three years after the foundation of its university section in 1925. With its motto of Self-Discipline and Social Commitment, Tsinghua University describes itself as being dedicated to academic excellence, the well-being of Chinese society and to global development. It has been consistently regarded by most domestic and international university rankings as one of the top higher learning institutions in mainland China.
/m/01c9f2	The Grammy Award for Best Country Album is an award presented at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards, to recording artists for quality albums in the country music genre. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position\".\nThe award was first presented under the name of Best Country & Western Album in 1966 to Roger Miller for Dang Me/Chug-A-Lug and was discontinued the following year. In 1995 the category was revived and received its current denomination of Best Country Album. According to the category description guide for the 54th Grammy Awards, the award is presented to vocal or instrumental country albums containing at least 51% playing time of new recordings.\nThe Dixie Chicks are the most awarded performers in this category with four wins. Two-time award winners include Roger Miller and Lady Antebellum. Canadian singer Shania Twain is the only non-American winner in this category, to date. Trisha Yearwood holds the record for most nominations, with eight. Yearwood also holds the record for most nominations without a win.
/m/0hhqw	Ronaldo Luís Nazário de Lima commonly known as Ronaldo, is a retired Brazilian footballer. Popularly dubbed \"the phenomenon\", he is considered by experts and fans to be one of the greatest football players of all time. He is one of only three men to have won the FIFA World Player of the Year award three times, along with Zinedine Zidane and Lionel Messi. He won his first Ballon d'Or in 1997 and won the award again in 2002.\nConsidered by many the most complete striker in the past thirty years, in 2007 he was named a member of the best starting eleven of all-time by France Football and was named to the FIFA 100, a list of the greatest footballers compiled by Pelé. In 2010, he was voted Goal.com's \"Player of the Decade\" in an online poll, gathering 43.63 percent of all votes and was also included as centre forward in the \"Team of the Decade\". In February 2010, Ronaldo announced that he would retire after the 2011 season, signing a two-year contract extension with Corinthians at the same time.\nRonaldo played for Brazil in 98 matches, scoring 62 goals, and is the second highest goalscorer for his national team. Aged 17, he was a part of the Brazilian squad that won the 1994 FIFA World Cup. At the 1998 World Cup he helped Brazil reach the final and won the Golden Ball for player of the tournament. He won a second World Cup in 2002 where he received the Golden Boot as top goalscorer. During the 2006 FIFA World Cup, Ronaldo became the highest goalscorer in World Cup history with his fifteenth goal, surpassing Gerd Müller's previous record of fourteen.
/m/03078l	Sportklub Rapid Wien, often called Rapid Vienna in English, is an Austrian football club playing in the country's capital city of Vienna. Rapid is the most popular club in Austria, and also the most successful in terms of league titles. It has won 32 Austrian league titles, and a German championship in 1941 during Nazi rule. Rapid twice reached the final of the European Cup Winners' Cup in 1985 and 1996, losing on both occasions.\nThe club is often known as the Die Grün-Weißen for its team colours or as Hütteldorfer, in reference to the location of the Gerhard Hanappi Stadium, which is in Hütteldorf, part of the city's 14th district, Penzing.
/m/0892sx	Mark Daniel Ronson is an English musician, DJ and a music producer.\nWhile his debut album Here Comes the Fuzz failed to make an impact on the charts, his second album, Version included three top ten hits and won Ronson a Brit Award for British Male Solo Artist in 2008. His third studio album, Record Collection, was released on 27 September 2010.
/m/05169r	Cercle Brugge Koninklijke Sportvereniging is a Belgian football team from Bruges. Cercle have played in the Belgian Pro League since the 2003–04 season, having previously spent several years in the Belgian Second Division following relegation in 1997. Their matricule is the n°12. The club play home games at the Jan Breydel Stadium, which they share with fierce rivals Club Brugge. Cercle Brugge won their first national title in 1911, and won two more titles before the Second World War. The side also won the Belgian Cup in 1927 and in 1985, and have represented Belgium in European tournaments on several occasions.
/m/0tln7	Natchitoches is a city in and the parish seat of Natchitoches Parish, Louisiana, United States. Established in 1714 by Louis Juchereau de St. Denis as part of French Louisiana, the community was named after the Natchitoches Indian tribe. The City of Natchitoches was first incorporated on February 5, 1819. It is the oldest permanent settlement in the Louisiana Purchase. Natchitoches's sister city is Nacogdoches, Texas.
/m/0bt7ws	Angela Faye Kinsey is an American actress. She is known for her role as the uptight accountant Angela Martin on the NBC television series The Office.
/m/07yklv	The post-punk revival was a development in alternative rock of the late 20th and early 21st centuries in which bands took inspiration from the original sounds and aesthetics of garage rock of the 1960s and post-punk and new wave of the late 1970s. Bands that broke through to the mainstream from local scenes across the world in the early 2000s included The Strokes, Interpol, The White Stripes, The Hives and The Vines, who were followed to commercial success by many established and new acts. By the end of the decade, most of the bands had broken up, moved on to other projects or were on hiatus, although some bands returned to recording and touring in the 2010s.
/m/0325pb	Alpha Delta Pi is a Sorority founded on May 15, 1851 at Wesleyan College in Macon, Georgia. The executive office for this sorority is located on Ponce de Leon Avenue in Atlanta, Georgia. Alpha Delta Pi was the first secret society for women at a US university.
/m/02qggqc	Christopher John \"Chris\" Lebenzon is an American film editor with more than 36 film credits dating from 1976. The films he has edited have grossed over 7 billion dollars worldwide.\nHe has been nominated for the Academy Award for Film Editing for the films Top Gun and Crimson Tide. He is a member of the American Cinema Editors and has been nominated six times having won The Eddie Award for his work on Sweeney Todd and Alice in Wonderland. He is noted particularly for working with directors Michael Bay, Tony Scott and Tim Burton.\nIn addition to editing, he has also served as an executive producer on Alice in Wonderland and Dark Shadows.
/m/0cj16	35 mm film is the film gauge most commonly used for chemical still photography and motion pictures. The name of the gauge refers to the width of the photographic film, which consists of strips 34.98 ±0.03 mm wide. The standard negative pulldown for movies is four perforations per frame along both edges, which results in 16 frames per foot of film. For still photography, the standard frame has eight perforations on each side.\nA variety of largely proprietary gauges were devised for the numerous camera and projection systems being developed independently in the late 19th century and early 20th century, ranging from 13 mm to 75 mm, as well as a variety of film feeding systems. This resulted in cameras, projectors and other equipment having to be calibrated to each gauge. The 35 mm width, originally specified as 1.375 inches, was introduced in 1892 by William Dickson and Thomas Edison, using film stock supplied by George Eastman. Film 35 mm wide with four perforations per frame became accepted as the international standard gauge in 1909, and has remained by far the dominant film gauge for image origination and projection despite challenges from smaller and larger gauges, and from novel formats, because its size allowed for a relatively good tradeoff between the cost of the film stock and the quality of the images captured.
/m/0kvtr	Anarcho-punk is punk rock that promotes anarchism. The term anarcho-punk is sometimes applied exclusively to bands that were part of the original anarcho-punk movement in the United Kingdom in the late 1970s and early 1980s. Some use the term more broadly to refer to any punk or rock music with anarchist lyrical content, including crust punk, d-beat, folk punk, hardcore punk, garage punk or ska punk.
/m/02l6h	The euro is the currency used by the Institutions of the European Union and is the official currency of the eurozone, which consists of 18 of the 28 member states of the European Union: Austria, Belgium, Cyprus, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Luxembourg, Malta, the Netherlands, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia, and Spain.\nThe currency is also used in a further five European countries and consequently used daily by some 334 million Europeans as of 2013. Additionally, 210 million people worldwide as of 2013—including 182 million people in Africa—use currencies pegged to the euro.\nThe euro is the second largest reserve currency as well as the second most traded currency in the world after the United States dollar. As of November 2013, with more than €951 billion in circulation, the euro has the highest combined value of banknotes and coins in circulation in the world, having surpassed the U.S. dollar. Based on International Monetary Fund estimates of 2008 GDP and purchasing power parity among the various currencies, the eurozone is the second largest economy in the world.\nThe name euro was officially adopted on 16 December 1995. The euro was introduced to world financial markets as an accounting currency on 1 January 1999, replacing the former European Currency Unit at a ratio of 1:1. Euro coins and banknotes entered circulation on 1 January 2002. While the euro dropped subsequently to US$0.8252 within two years, it has traded above the U.S. dollar since the end of 2002, peaking at US$1.6038 on 18 July 2008. Since late 2009, the euro has been immersed in the European sovereign-debt crisis which has led to the creation of the European Financial Stability Facility as well as other reforms aimed at stabilising the currency. In July 2012, the euro fell below US$1.21 for the first time in two years, following concerns raised over Greek debt and Spain's troubled banking sector. As of November 2013, the euro has remained stable around US$1.35 for more than 6 months.
/m/016017	Hercules is a 1997 American animated musical comedy film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures. The 35th animated feature in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series, the film was directed by Ron Clements and John Musker. The film is based on the legendary Greek mythology hero Heracles, the son of Zeus, in Greek mythology.\nThough Hercules did not match the financial success of Disney's early-1990s releases, the film received positive reviews, and made $99 million in revenue in the United States during its theatrical release and $252,712,101 worldwide.\nHercules was later followed by the direct-to-video prequel Hercules: Zero to Hero, which served as a midquel to Hercules: The Animated Series, a syndicated Disney TV series focusing on Hercules during his time at the Prometheus academy.
/m/0ymc8	St Hilda's College is one of the constituent colleges of the University of Oxford in England. The college was founded in 1893 as a hall for women, and remained an all-women's college until 2008. The college is named after the important Anglo-Saxon Saint, Hilda of Whitby.\nThe current Principal is Sheila Forbes, CBE, a graduate of the college, who took up the post in 2007.\nAs of 2012, the college had endowment funds of £37 million and total assets of £45 million.
/m/0c3zjn7	Real Steel is a 2011 American science fiction sports drama film starring Hugh Jackman and Dakota Goyo, co-produced and directed by Shawn Levy and released by DreamWorks Pictures. The film is based on the short story Steel - written by Richard Matheson, which was originally published in the May 1956 edition of The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction, and later adapted into a 1963 Twilight Zone episode, though screenwriter John Gatins placed the film in U.S. state fairs and other \"old-fashioned\" Americana settings. Real Steel was in development for several years before production began on June 11, 2010. Filming took place primarily in the U.S. state of Michigan. Animatronic robots were built for the film, and motion capture technology was used to depict the brawling of computer-generated robots and animatronics.\nReal Steel was publicly released in Australia on October 6, 2011, and in the United States and Canada on October 7, 2011, grossing almost $300 million at the box office and received to mixed-to-positive reviews; with mixed reaction to the plot, yet praise to the visual effects, action sequences and acting performances. The film was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Visual Effects at the 84th Academy Awards, but lost to Hugo.
/m/0kxbc	Billie Joe Armstrong is an American musician, singer, songwriter and occasional actor. He is best known as the lead vocalist, principal songwriter, and guitarist of the punk rock band Green Day, which Armstrong co-founded with Mike Dirnt. He is also a guitarist and vocalist for the punk rock band Pinhead Gunpowder and provides lead vocals for Green Day's side projects Foxboro Hot Tubs and The Network.\nRaised in Rodeo, California, Armstrong developed an interest in music at a young age, and recorded his first song at the age of five. He met Mike Dirnt while attending elementary school, and the two instantly bonded over their mutual interest in music, forming the band Sweet Children when the two were 15 years old. The band changed its name to Green Day, and would later achieve massive commercial success. Armstrong has also pursued musical projects outside of Green Day's work, including numerous collaborations with other musicians.\nHe also co-owns the record label Adeline Records, with his wife Adrienne and skateboarder Jim Thiebaud, with the collaboration of Green Day's guitarist Jason White and more recently Green Day's manager Pat Magnarella.
/m/021q1c	A research assistant is a researcher employed, often on a temporary contract, by a university or a research institute, for the purpose of assisting in academic research. Research assistants are not independent and not directly responsible for the outcome of the research and are responsible to a supervisor or principal investigator. Research assistants are often educated to degree level and might be enrolled in a postgraduate degree program and simultaneously teach.
/m/0dgskx	Jim Carter is an English actor.\nCarter's film credits include Top Secret!, A Month in the Country, The Madness of King George, Richard III, Brassed Off, Shakespeare in Love, The Little Vampire, Ella Enchanted, and Detective Victor Getz in The Thief Lord. He plays John Faa in The Golden Compass, the first film in the adaptation of the His Dark Materials trilogy, and also stars in House of 9 as The Watcher, and the executioner in Alice in Wonderland.\nHis television credits include Lipstick on Your Collar, Cracker, The Way We Live Now, The Singing Detective, Arabian Nights, The Chest, Red Riding, A Very British Coup and the Hornblower episode \"Duty\" and in \"Midsomer Murders\" episode \"The Fisher King\" as Nathan Green. He also plays Captain Brown in the five-part BBC series Cranford and Mayor Waldo in the US miniseries Dinotopia. He currently stars in Downton Abbey playing Mr Carson, a role that earned him two nominations for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series.
/m/0f5kw7	F.C. Ashdod is an Israeli football club, playing in the port city of Ashdod. The unorthodox name of the team is the result of the union of two city rivals, Hapoel Ashdod and Maccabi Ironi Ashdod. Currently, the club is known for making do with relatively small budgets compared to the big Israel clubs and is known for having a large support from the city of Ashdod that doesn't seem to result in attendance figures.
/m/016jll	John Herndon \"Johnny\" Mercer was an American lyricist, songwriter and singer. He was also a co-founder of Capitol Records.\nHe is best known as a lyricist, but he also composed music. He was also a popular singer who recorded his own songs as well as those written by others. From the mid-1930s through the mid-1950s, many of the songs Mercer wrote and performed were among the most popular hits of the time. He wrote the lyrics to more than fifteen hundred songs, including compositions for movies and Broadway shows. He received nineteen Academy Award nominations, and won four.
/m/03q_g6	The Grammy Award for Best Remixed Recording, Non-Classical is an honor presented to producers for quality remixed recordings at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position\".\nThe award was first presented as the Grammy Award for Remixer of the Year, Non-Classical at the 40th Grammy Awards in 1998 to Frankie Knuckles. While the award was under this name, it was presented without specifying a work; when it shifted to its current name in 2002 works were named. According to the category description guide for the 52nd Grammy Awards, the award is presented \"to recognize an individual who takes previously recorded material and adds or alters it in such a way as to create a new and unique performance\". The prize is given to the remixer, not the original artist.\nFrench disc jockey David Guetta, British producer Jacques Lu Cont, and Skrillex have each won the award twice. Three-time nominees are Steve \"Silk\" Hurley and Masters at Work, although neither artist has won the award. American producer Maurice Joshua was put forward in 2001 and 2003, and won in 2004 for Maurice's Soul Mix of \"Crazy in Love\". David Morales, Roger Sanchez, Hex Hector and Deep Dish have each been nominated for the award twice and have won it once.
/m/01j67j	Northern Exposure is an American television series that ran on CBS from 1990 to 1995, with a total of 110 episodes. It dealt with a New York physician, Dr. Joel Fleischman, who is sent to practice in the town of Cicely, Alaska. Early episodes dealt with Fleischman's culture shock in the small town. As he became acclimated, more attention was paid to the town's quirky residents.
/m/01y64_	Lena Maria Jonna Olin is a Swedish actress. She has been nominated for several acting awards, including a Golden Globe for The Unbearable Lightness of Being and an Academy Award for Enemies, A Love Story. Other well-known films in which she has appeared include Chocolat, directed by her husband Lasse Hallström, Queen of the Damned, Casanova and The Reader. Olin was also a main cast member in the second season of the TV series Alias.
/m/01ft14	Curb Your Enthusiasm is an American improvised comedy television series produced and broadcast by HBO, which premiered on October 15, 2000. It has aired 80 episodes over eight seasons, the last of which aired in 2011. The series was created by Seinfeld co-creator Larry David, who stars as a fictionalized version of himself. The series follows Larry in his life as a semiretired television writer and producer in Los Angeles and later New York City. Also starring are Cheryl Hines as his wife Cheryl, Jeff Garlin as his manager Jeff, and Susie Essman as Jeff's wife Susie. Curb Your Enthusiasm often features guest stars, and many of these appearances are by celebrities playing versions of themselves fictionalized to varying degrees.\nThe plots and subplots of the episodes are established in an outline written by David and the dialogue is largely improvised by the actors. As with Seinfeld, the subject matter in Curb Your Enthusiasm often involves the minutiae of daily life, and plots often revolve around Larry David's many faux pas and his problems with certain social conventions and expectations, as well as his annoyance with other people's behavior. The character has a hard time letting such annoyances go unexpressed, which often leads him into awkward situations.
/m/05dptj	An Ideal Husband is a 1999 film based on the play An Ideal Husband of the same name written by Oscar Wilde. The film stars Jeremy Northam, Rupert Everett, Julianne Moore, Minnie Driver and Oscar winning actress Cate Blanchett. It was directed by Oliver Parker.\nIt was selected as the 1999 Cannes Film Festival's closing film.
/m/0bmfnjs	Jane Eyre is a 2011 British romantic drama film directed by Cary Fukunaga and starring Mia Wasikowska and Michael Fassbender. The screenplay is written by Moira Buffini based on the 1847 novel of the same name by Charlotte Brontë. The film was released on 11 March 2011 in the United States and 9 September in Great Britain and Ireland.
/m/02gd6x	Fanny and Alexander is a 1982 Swedish drama film written and directed by Ingmar Bergman. The plot focuses on two siblings and their large family in Uppsala, Sweden in 1910. It was originally conceived as a four-part TV movie and cut in that version, spanning 312 minutes; a 188-minute cut version was created later for cinematic release, although this version was in fact the one to be released first. The TV version has since been released as a one-part film, and both versions have been shown in theaters throughout the world. The 312-minute cut of the film ranks it among one of the longest cinematic films in history.
/m/02bvc5	Girton College is one of the 31 constituent colleges of the University of Cambridge. It was England's first residential college for women, established in 1869 by Emily Davies, Barbara Bodichon and Lady Stanley of Alderley. The full college status was only received in 1948 and marked the official admittance of women to the university. In 1976, it was Cambridge's first women's college to become coeducational. As of 2010, the college's net assets were valued at £104.5 million, including £49 million of endowment, and in 2009-10 it admitted 674 full-time undergraduates and postgraduates. The college's formal governance is assured by a Mistress, currently Susan J. Smith.\nThe main college site, situated on the outskirts of the village of Girton about 2.5 miles northwest of the university town, comprises 33 acres of land. Held in typical Victorian red brick design, most was built by architect Alfred Waterhouse between 1872 and 1887. It provides extensive sports facilities, an indoor swimming pool, an award-winning library and a chapel with two organs. There is an accommodation annexe, known as Wolfson Court, situated in Cambridge's western suburbs, close to the Centre for Mathematical Sciences. This annexe was opened in 1961 and provides housing for graduates, and for second year undergraduates and above.
/m/060ny2	The Eighty-ninth United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, composed of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, DC from January 3, 1965 to January 3, 1967, during the third and fourth years of Lyndon Johnson's presidency. The apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives was based on the Eighteenth Census of the United States in 1960. Both chambers had a Democratic supermajority. Some of its landmark legislation includes the creation of Medicare and Medicaid, the Voting Rights Act, Higher Education Act, and Freedom of Information Act.
/m/01nyl	The Central African Republic is a landlocked country in Central Africa. It is bordered by Chad in the north, Sudan in the northeast, South Sudan in the east, the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the Republic of the Congo in the south and Cameroon in the west. The CAR covers a land area of about 620,000 square kilometres and has an estimated population of about 4.4 million as of 2008. The capital is Bangui.\nFrance called the colony it carved out in this region Oubangui-Chari, as most of the territory was located in the Ubangi and Chari river basins. From 1910 until 1960 it was part of French Equatorial Africa. It became a semi-autonomous territory of the French Community in 1958 and then an independent nation on 13 August 1960, taking its present name. For over three decades after independence, the CAR was ruled by presidents or an emperor, who either were unelected or who took power by force. Local discontent with this system was eventually reinforced by international pressure, following the end of the Cold War.\nThe first multi-party democratic elections in the CAR were held in 1993, with the aid of resources provided by the country's donors and help from the United Nations. The elections brought Ange-Félix Patassé to power, but he lost popular support during his presidency and was overthrown in 2003 by General François Bozizé, who went on to win a democratic election in May 2005. Bozizé's inability to pay public sector workers led to strikes in 2007, which led him to appoint a new government on 22 January 2008, headed by Faustin-Archange Touadéra. In February 2010, Bozizé signed a presidential decree which set 25 April 2010 as the date for the next presidential election. This was postponed, but elections were held in January and March 2011, which were won by Bozizé and his party. Despite maintaining a veneer of stability, Bozizé's rule was plagued with heavy corruption, underdevelopment, nepotism and authoritarianism, which led to an open rebellion against his government. The rebellion was led by an alliance of armed opposition factions known as the Séléka Coalition during the Central African Republic Bush War and the 2012–2013 Central African Republic conflict. This eventually led to his overthrow on 24 March 2013. As a result of the coup d'etat and resulting chaos, governance in the CAR has all but disappeared and Prime Minister Nicolas Tiangaye has said the country is \"anarchy, a non-state.\" Both the president and prime minister resigned in January, 2014, to be replaced by an interim leader.
/m/02hnl	A drum kit, drum set or trap set is a collection of drums and other percussion instruments set up to be played by a single player.\nThe traditional drum kit consists of a mix of drums and idiophones. More recently kits have also included electronic instruments, with both hybrid and entirely electronic kits now in common use.\nA standard modern kit, as used in popular music and taught in many music schools, contains:\nA snare drum, mounted on a specialised stand, placed between the player's knees and played with drum sticks.\nA bass drum, played by a pedal operated by the right foot.\nA hi-hat stand and cymbals, operated by the left foot and played with the sticks, particularly but not only the right hand stick.\nOne or more tom-tom drums, played with the sticks.\nOne or more cymbals, played with the sticks, particularly but not only the right hand stick.\nAll of these are unpitched percussion, allowing the music to be scored using percussion notation, for which a loose standard exists for the drum kit. If some or all of them are replaced by electronic drums, the scoring and most often positioning remains the same, allowing a standard teaching approach. The drum kit is usually played seated on a drum stool or throne.
/m/047hpm	Rachel Sarah Bilson is an American actress. Bilson grew up in a California show business family, and made her television debut in 2003, subsequently becoming well known for playing Summer Roberts on the prime-time drama series The O.C. Bilson made her film debut in the 2006 film The Last Kiss and starred in the 2008 action/science fiction film Jumper. She is currently starring as Dr. Zoe Hart on The CW's Hart of Dixie.
/m/012rrr	Upper Austria is one of the nine states or Bundesländer of Austria. Its capital is Linz. Upper Austria borders on Germany and the Czech Republic, as well as on the other Austrian states of Lower Austria, Styria, and Salzburg. With an area of 11,980 km² and 1.412 million inhabitants, Upper Austria is the fourth-largest Austrian state by land area and third-largest by population.
/m/01lkky	The House of Stewart, is a European royal house. Founded by Robert II of Scotland, the Stewarts first became monarchs of the Kingdom of Scotland during the late 14th century, and subsequently held the position of the Kings of England, Ireland, and Great Britain. Their patrilineal ancestors had held the office of High Steward of Scotland since the 12th century, after arriving by way of Norman England. The dynasty inherited further territory by the 17th century which covered the entire British Isles, including the Kingdom of England and Kingdom of Ireland, also maintaining a claim to the Kingdom of France.\nIn total, nine Stewart monarchs ruled just Scotland from 1371 until 1603. After this there was a Union of the Crowns under James VI & I who had become the senior genealogical claimant to The Crown holdings of the extinct House of Tudor. Thus there were six Stewart monarchs who ruled both England and Scotland as well as Ireland. Additionally, at the foundation of the Kingdom of Great Britain after the Acts of Union, which officially united England and Scotland politically, the first monarch was Anne, Queen of Great Britain. After her death, the kingdoms passed to the House of Hanover, under the terms of the Act of Settlement 1701 and the Act of Security 1704, which deprived the Catholic legitimist line of the Stewarts of the right to mount the throne.
/m/03_wpf	Margaret Grace Denig, known professionally as Maggie Grace, is an American actress. Originally from Worthington, Ohio, she dropped out of high school to move to Los Angeles with her mother after her parents' divorce. While struggling financially, she landed her first role as the title character in the web-based video series Rachel's Room in 2001. She went on to earn a Young Artist Award nomination in 2002 with her portrayal of 15-year-old murder victim Martha Moxley in the television movie Murder in Greenwich.\nIn 2004, Grace was cast as Shannon Rutherford in the television series Lost, on which she was a main cast member for the first two seasons, winning a Screen Actors Guild Award shared with the ensemble cast. Leaving the series, Grace was keen to work more prominently in film, having starred opposite Tom Welling in The Fog in 2005. She appeared in Suburban Girl, The Jane Austen Book Club, and opposite Liam Neeson as Kim Mills in Taken in 2008. She reprised the role, four years later, in Taken 2. She played the lead role, Alice, in Malice in Wonderland, a modern take on Lewis Carroll's novel Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Grace reprised the role of Shannon in two more episodes of Lost, including the series finale. In 2013, she appears in the sixth season of Californication. She portrays Faith, a groupie and a muse to the stars, who captures the eye of Hank Moody played by David Duchovny.
/m/0j5nm	A whodunit or whodunnit is a complex, plot-driven variety of the detective story in which the audience is given the opportunity to engage in the same process of deduction as the protagonist throughout the investigation of a crime. The reader or viewer is provided with the clues from which the identity of the perpetrator may be deduced before the story provides the revelation itself at its climax. The investigation is usually conducted by an eccentric amateur or semi-professional detective.
/m/01j_9c	The University of Iowa is a flagship public research university located in Iowa City, Iowa. Founded in 1847, Iowa is the oldest university in the state and it is considered a Public Ivy. The university is organized into eleven colleges offering more than 100 areas of study and seven professional degrees.\nThe Iowa campus spans 1,900 acres centered along the banks of the Iowa River and includes the University of Iowa Hospitals and Clinics, named one of \"America’s Best Hospitals\" for the 23rd year in a row. The university was the original developer of the Master of Fine Arts degree and it operates the world-renowned Iowa Writers’ Workshop. Iowa has very high research activity, and is a member of several research coalitions, including the American Association of Universities, the Universities Research Association, and the Committee on Institutional Cooperation. The Iowa alumni network exceeds 250,000, and the university budgeted revenues and expenses of $3.167 billion for 2013.\nThe University of Iowa's athletic teams, the Hawkeyes, compete in Division I of the NCAA and are members of the Big Ten Conference. The Hawkeyes have won 26 national championships and field 22 varsity teams.
/m/09rntd	Chelmsford City Football Club is an English football club based in the city of Chelmsford, Essex. The club is currently a member of the Conference South and play at the Melbourne Stadium.
/m/0dzt9	Richmond is the capital of the Commonwealth of Virginia, in the United States. Since 1871 it has been an independent city and not part of any county. Richmond is the center of the Richmond Metropolitan Statistical Area and the Greater Richmond area. As of the 2010 census, the population was 204,214, in 2013, the population was estimated to be 211,172, with a population of 1,208,101 for the Richmond Metropolitan Area — making it the fourth-most populous city in Virginia.\nGeographically, Richmond is located at the fall line of the James River, 44 miles west of Williamsburg, 66 miles east of Charlottesville, and 98 miles south of Washington, D.C. Surrounded by Henrico and Chesterfield counties, the city is located at the intersections of Interstate 95 and Interstate 64, and encircled by Interstate 295 and Virginia State Route 288.\nThe site of Richmond had been an important village of the Powhatan Confederacy, and was briefly settled by English colonists from Jamestown in 1609, and in 1610–1611. The present city of Richmond was founded in 1737. It became the capital of the Colony and Dominion of Virginia in 1780. During the Revolutionary War period, several notable events occurred in the city, including Patrick Henry's \"Give me liberty or give me death\" speech in 1775 at St. John's Church, and the passage of the Virginia Statute for Religious Freedom written by Thomas Jefferson. During the American Civil War, Richmond served as the capital of the Confederate States of America. The city entered the 20th century with one of the world's first successful electric streetcar systems, as well as a national hub of African-American commerce and culture, the Jackson Ward neighborhood.
/m/05f_3	Norwegian is a North Germanic language spoken primarily in Norway, where it is the official language. Together with Swedish and Danish, Norwegian forms a continuum of more or less mutually intelligible local and regional variants.\nThese Scandinavian languages together with the Faroese language and Icelandic language, as well as some extinct languages, constitute the North Germanic languages. Faroese and Icelandic are hardly mutually intelligible with Norwegian in their spoken form because continental Scandinavian has diverged from them.\nAs established by law and governmental policy, there are two official forms of written Norwegian – Bokmål and Nynorsk. The Norwegian Language Council is responsible for regulating the two forms, and recommends the terms \"Norwegian Bokmål\" and \"Norwegian Nynorsk\" in English. Two other written forms without official status also exist, the major one being Riksmål, which is somewhat closer to the Danish language but today is to a large extent the same language as Bokmål. It is regulated by the Norwegian Academy, which translates the name as \"Standard Norwegian\". The other being Høgnorsk that is a more purist form of Nynorsk, which maintains the language in an original form as given by Ivar Aasen and rejects most of the reforms from the 20th century. This form of Nynorsk has very limited use.
/m/06mt91	Robyn Rihanna Fenty, known by her stage name Rihanna, is a Barbadian recording artist, actress, and fashion designer. She was born in Saint Michael, Barbados, and her career began when she met record producer Evan Rogers through mutual friends in late 2003 and recorded demo tapes under Rogers's guidance. Her demo tape was sent to several record labels, and she subsequently signed a contract with Def Jam Recordings after auditioning for its president, rapper Jay-Z. Her debut album, Music of the Sun and its follow-up A Girl Like Me both peaked in the top ten on the Billboard 200 chart. The albums spawned the Billboard Hot 100 top two hit single \"Pon de Replay\" and her first Hot 100 number-one \"SOS\".\nHer third studio album, Good Girl Gone Bad, and its chart-topping lead single \"Umbrella\" were major breakthroughs in her career that brought her to widespread prominence. The album and its Reloaded version produced the worldwide hit singles \"Don't Stop the Music\", \"Take a Bow\", and \"Disturbia\". The record was nominated for nine Grammy Awards, winning Best Rap/Sung Collaboration for \"Umbrella\". Following a highly-publicized altercation with then-boyfriend Chris Brown, she released her fourth studio album, Rated R, in November 2009. It was followed by three more albums: Loud, Talk That Talk, and her first Billboard 200 number one album Unapologetic. That same year, she appeared in her first theatrical feature film, Battleship. Many of her songs rank among the world's best-selling singles of all time, such as \"Umbrella\", \"Take a Bow\", \"Disturbia\", \"Only Girl\", \"S&M\", \"We Found Love\", and \"Diamonds\". In addition to her solo work, Rihanna has collaborated with numerous other artists, including being featured on the worldwide hits \"Live Your Life\", \"Love the Way You Lie\" and \"The Monster\".
/m/02x8s9	Steve Englehart is an American novelist. In his earlier career he was a comic book writer best known for his work at Marvel Comics and DC Comics, particularly in the 1970s. His pseudonyms have included John Harkness and Cliff Garnett.
/m/01hkhq	Dame Helen Lydia Mirren, DBE, is an English actor. Mirren has won an Academy Award for Best Actress, four BAFTAs, three Golden Globes, four Emmy Awards, and two Cannes Film Festival Best Actress Awards. In 2003, she received a damehood for services to the performing arts at a ceremony at Buckingham Palace.\nMirren began her acting career with the Royal Shakespeare Company in the latter half of the 1960s. From her very first film appearances, Mirren displayed the overtly sensual screen persona that would become her trademark. Other early movies included O Lucky Man!, Excalibur and The Long Good Friday.\nDuring her career, she has portrayed three British queens in different films and television series: Elizabeth I in the television series Elizabeth I, for which she received Emmy and Golden Globe Awards for Best Actress, Elizabeth II in The Queen, which won her the Academy and BAFTA Award for Best Actress, and Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz in The Madness of King George, for which she earned an Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress. She is the only actress ever to have portrayed both Queens Elizabeth on the screen.
/m/0ymcz	St John's College is a constituent college of the University of Oxford. It was founded in 1555 by the merchant Sir Thomas White, intended to provide a source of educated Roman Catholic clerics to support the Counter-Reformation under Queen Mary. St John's is the wealthiest college in Oxford, with a financial endowment of £340 million as of 2012, largely due to nineteenth century suburban development of land in the city of Oxford, of which it is the ground landlord.\nLocated on St Giles', the college has an unusually large site for its central location, although the student body is of median size with approximately 390 undergraduates and 250 postgraduates. As well as over 100 academic staff, the college is supported by a similar number of other staff.
/m/0f4r5	The Bureau of Land Management is an agency within the United States Department of the Interior that administers America's public lands, totaling approximately 247.3 million acres, or one-eighth of the landmass of the country. The BLM also manages 700 million acres of subsurface mineral estate underlying federal, state, and private lands. Most public lands are located in western states, especially Alaska. With approximately 10,000 permanent employees and close to 2,000 seasonal employees, this works out to over 21,000 acres per employee. the agency's budget was US$960,000,000 for 2010.\nThe BLM's stated mission is to sustain the health, diversity and productivity of the public lands for the use and enjoyment of present and future generations.
/m/017fx5	IMAX is a motion picture film format and a set of cinema projection standards created by the Canadian company IMAX Corporation and developed by Graeme Ferguson, Roman Kroitor, Robert Kerr, and William C. Shaw. IMAX has the capacity to record and display images of far greater size and resolution than conventional film systems. Since 2002, some feature films have been converted into IMAX format for display in IMAX theatres and some have also been partially shot in IMAX.\nIMAX is the most widely used system for special-venue film presentations. As of September 2012, there are 697 IMAX theatres in 52 countries.
/m/031786	Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire is a 2005 fantasy film directed by Mike Newell and distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures. It is based on the novel of the same name by J. K. Rowling. The film, which is the fourth installationment in the Harry Potter film series, was written by Steve Kloves and produced by David Heyman. The story follows Harry Potter's fourth year at Hogwarts as he is chosen by the Goblet of Fire to compete in the Tri-wizard Tournament. The film stars Daniel Radcliffe as Harry Potter alongside Rupert Grint and Emma Watson as Harry's best friends Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger. It is the sequel to Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban and is followed by Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix.\nFilming began in early 2004 and the scenes of Hogwarts took place at the Leavesden Film Studios. Five days after its release, the film had grossed over US$102 million at the North American box office, which is the third-highest first-weekend tally for a Harry Potter film behind Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 1 and Part 2. Goblet of Fire enjoyed an immensely successful run at the box office, earning just under $900 million worldwide, which made it the highest-grossing film of 2005 and the eighth-highest-grossing film of all time at that time. It was the third-highest-grossing film in the US for 2005, making $290 million. As of January 2014, it is the unadjusted 29th highest-grossing film of all time, and the sixth-highest-grossing film in the Harry Potter series.
/m/024bbl	James Oliver Cromwell is an American film and television actor. Some of his more notable films include Babe, for which he was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor, Star Trek: First Contact, L.A. Confidential, The Green Mile, Space Cowboys, The Sum of All Fears, W., The Artist, and the television series Six Feet Under, 24, and American Horror Story: Asylum.\nHe has been nominated for an Oscar, four Emmy Awards, and four Screen Actors Guild Awards during his career. He won the 2013 Canadian Screen Award for Best Actor for his role in Still Mine and the 2013 Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Miniseries or a Movie for his role in American Horror Story.
/m/0p2n	The Andes is the longest continental mountain range in the world. It is a continual range of highlands along the western coast of South America. This range is about 7,000 km long, about 200 km to 700 km wide, and of an average height of about 4,000 m. The Andes extend from north to south through seven South American countries: Venezuela, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, Bolivia, Chile, and Argentina.\nAlong its length, the Andes is split into several ranges, which are separated by intermediate depressions. The Andes is the location of several high plateaux – some of which host major cities such as Quito, Bogotá, Arequipa, Medellín, Sucre, Mérida, and La Paz. The Altiplano plateau is the world's second-highest following the Tibetan plateau.\nThe Andes range is the world's highest mountain range outside of Asia. The highest peak, Mount Aconcagua, rises to an elevation of about 6,962 m above sea level. The peak of Chimborazo in the Ecuadorean Andes is farther from Earth's center than any other location on Earth's surface, due to the equatorial bulge resulting from Earth's rotation. The world's highest volcanoes are in the Andes, including Ojos del Salado on the Chile-Argentina border which rises to 6,893 m. Over 50 other Andean volcanoes rise above 6,000 m. The peak of Alpamayo in the Andes of Peru, which rises to an elevation of 5,947 m, is considered to be \"The Most Beautiful Mountain Of The World.\"
/m/0r172	Whittier is a city in Los Angeles County, California about 12 miles southeast of Los Angeles. The city had a population of 85,331 at the 2010 census, up from 83,680 as of the 2000 census, and encompasses 14.7 square miles. Like nearby Montebello, the city constitutes part of the Gateway Cities. Whittier was incorporated in February 1898, although it was first settled in 1887, and became a charter city in 1955. The city is named for the poet John Greenleaf Whittier and is home to Whittier College.
/m/03tmr	Ice hockey is a team sport played on ice in which skaters use sticks to shoot a hard rubber hockey puck into their opponent's net to score points. In some countries, such as Canada, the United States and those of Europe like Sweden among others, it is known as \"hockey\"; the name \"ice hockey\" is used in countries where \"hockey\" generally refers to field hockey.\nA team usually consists of four lines of three forwards, three pairs of defensemen, and two goalies. Five members of each team skate up and down the ice trying to take the puck and score a goal against the opposing team. Each team has a goaltender who tries to stop the puck from going into the goal.\nA fast-paced physical sport, hockey is most popular in areas of North America and Europe. In North America, the National Hockey League is the highest level for men's hockey and the most popular. Ice hockey is the official national winter sport of Canada, where the game enjoys immense popularity. The first organized game was played on March 3, 1875, in Montreal.\n162 of 177 medals at the IIHF World Championships have been taken by seven nations: Canada, the Czech Republic, Finland, Russia, Slovakia, Sweden and the United States. Of the 66 medals awarded in men's competition at the Olympics from 1920, only six medals did not go to one of those countries. All 12 Olympic and 36 IIHF World Women's Championships medals have gone to one of these seven countries, and every gold medal in both competitions has been won by either Canada or the United States.
/m/05xpv	Peter Michael Falk was an American actor, best known for his role as Lt. Columbo in the television series Columbo. He appeared in numerous films such as The Princess Bride, The Great Race and Next, and television guest roles. He was nominated for an Academy Award twice, and won the Emmy Award on five occasions and the Golden Globe Award once. Director William Friedkin said of Falk's role in his film The Brink's Job: \"Peter has a great range from comedy to drama. He could break your heart or he could make you laugh.\"\nIn 1968, Falk starred with Gene Barry in a ninety-minute television pilot about a highly skilled, laid-back detective. Columbo eventually became part of an anthology series titled The NBC Mystery Movie, along with McCloud, McMillan & Wifeand Banacek. The detective series stayed on NBC from 1971 to 1978, took a respite, and returned occasionally on ABC from 1989 to 2003. Falk was, \"Everyone's favorite rumpled television detective,\" wrote historian David Fantle.\nIn 1996, TV Guide ranked Falk number 21 on its 50 Greatest TV Stars of All Time list.
/m/01fsyp	Lifetime is an American cable and satellite television channel that is part of A+E Networks, which is jointly owned by the Hearst Corporation and The Walt Disney Company. Similar to Oxygen and We TV, the channel features programming that is geared toward women or features women in lead roles.\nAs of August 2013, approximately 98,251,000 American households receive Lifetime.
/m/07cw4	Taxi Driver is a 1976 American vigilante film directed by Martin Scorsese and written by Paul Schrader. Set in New York City soon after the end of the Vietnam War, the film stars Robert De Niro and features Jodie Foster, Harvey Keitel, Cybill Shepherd, Peter Boyle, and Albert Brooks.\nIt is regularly cited by critics, film directors and audiences alike as one of the greatest films of all time. Nominated for four Academy Awards, including Best Picture, it won the Palme d'Or at the 1976 Cannes Film Festival. The American Film Institute ranked Taxi Driver as the 52nd greatest American film on their AFI's 100 Years…100 Movies list. In 2012, Sight & Sound named it the 31st best film ever created on its decadal critics' poll, ranked with The Godfather Part II, and the 5th greatest film ever on its directors' poll. The film was considered \"culturally, historically or aesthetically\" significant by the US Library of Congress and was selected for preservation in the National Film Registry in 1994.
/m/0235l	Carson City, officially the Consolidated Municipality of Carson City, is an independent city and the capital of the state of Nevada, named for the mountain man Kit Carson. As of the 2010 census, the population was 55,274. The majority of the population of the town lives in Eagle Valley, on the eastern edge of the Carson Range, a branch of the Sierra Nevada. Carson City is about 30 miles south of Reno and originated as a stopover for California bound emigrants, but developed into a city with the Comstock Lode, a silver strike in the mountains to the northeast. The city has served as the capital of Nevada since statehood in 1864 and for much of its history was a hub for the Virginia and Truckee Railroad, although the tracks were removed in the 1950s. Prior to 1969, Carson City was also the county seat of Ormsby County. In 1969, the county was abolished, and its territory was merged with Carson City to form the Consolidated Municipality of Carson City. With the consolidation, the city limits today extend west across the Sierra Nevada to the California state line in the middle of Lake Tahoe. Like other consolidated city-counties in the United States, it is treated as a county-equivalent for census purposes.
/m/09d11	Meningitis is an acute inflammation of the protective membranes covering the brain and spinal cord, known collectively as the meninges. The inflammation may be caused by infection with viruses, bacteria, or other microorganisms, and less commonly by certain drugs. Meningitis can be life-threatening because of the inflammation's proximity to the brain and spinal cord; therefore, the condition is classified as a medical emergency.\nThe most common symptoms of meningitis are headache and neck stiffness associated with fever, confusion or altered consciousness, vomiting, and an inability to tolerate light or loud noises. Children often exhibit only nonspecific symptoms, such as irritability and drowsiness. If a rash is present, it may indicate a particular cause of meningitis; for instance, meningitis caused by meningococcal bacteria may be accompanied by a characteristic rash.\nA lumbar puncture diagnoses or excludes meningitis. A needle is inserted into the spinal canal to extract a sample of cerebrospinal fluid, that envelops the brain and spinal cord. The CSF is examined in a medical laboratory. The first treatment in acute meningitis consists of promptly administered antibiotics and sometimes antiviral drugs. Corticosteroids can also be used to prevent complications from excessive inflammation. Meningitis can lead to serious long-term consequences such as deafness, epilepsy, hydrocephalus and cognitive deficits, especially if not treated quickly. Some forms of meningitis may be prevented by immunization.
/m/0g1lx	The Austronesian languages are a language family widely dispersed throughout the islands of Southeast Asia, Madagascar and the Pacific, with a few members on continental Asia, that are spoken by about 386 million people. It is on par with Indo-European, Niger–Congo, Afroasiatic and Uralic as one of the best-established ancient language families. Otto Dempwolff, a German scholar, was the first researcher to extensively explore Austronesian using the comparative method. Another German scholar, Wilhelm Schmidt, coined the German word austronesisch which comes from Latin auster \"south wind\" plus Greek nêsos \"island\". The name Austronesian was formed from the same roots. The family is aptly named, as the vast majority of Austronesian languages are spoken on islands: only a few languages, such as Malay and the Chamic languages, are indigenous to mainland Asia. Many Austronesian languages have very few speakers, but the major Austronesian languages are spoken by tens of millions of people and one Austronesian language, Malay, is spoken by 180 million people, making it the 8th most spoken language in the world. Twenty or so Austronesian languages are official in their respective countries.
/m/03zj_3	The Ecuadorian national football team represents Ecuador in international football competitions and is controlled by the Ecuadorian Football Federation. They play official home matches at Estadio Olímpico Atahualpa in Quito.\nEcuador has qualified for three FIFA World Cups in 2002, 2006 and 2014. Their best performance came in 2006 when they advanced to the Round of 16, eventually eliminated by England. They are one of three countries in South America to not win the Copa América. Their best performance in the continental tournament was fourth in 1959 and 1993, both times on home soil.
/m/03xnq9_	Emily Jordan Osment is an American actress, and singer-songwriter born in Los Angeles, California. After working in several television films in her childhood, she gained fame for co-starring as the character Gerti Giggles in Spy Kids 2: Island of Lost Dreams and Spy Kids 3-D: Game Over. She went on to co-star in the Emmy Award-nominated Disney Channel sitcom Hannah Montana as Lilly Truscott as well as the series movie, Hannah Montana: The Movie. She also starred as Cassie in R. L. Stine's: The Haunting Hour Volume One: Don't Think About It and the Disney Channel Original Movie, Dadnapped as Melissa Morris. She most recently starred in the 2011 ABC Family Original Movie, Cyberbully and the 2013 TV series Cleaners, produced for the online service Crackle.\nOsment expanded her repertoire into pop music and more recently alternative/indie rock where she has recorded teen pop hits like \"I Don't Think About It\", \"If I Didn't Have You\" alongside her Hannah Montana co-star Mitchel Musso, and most recently \"Once Upon a Dream\".\nOsment's debut album, Fight or Flight was released on October 5, 2010 via Wind-up Records, and it features lead single \"Let's Be Friends\" which was released June 8, 2010. The second single off the album was entitled \"Lovesick\", and was released on October 19, 2010.
/m/047msdk	500 Days of Summer is a 2009 American comedy-drama film written by Scott Neustadter and Michael H. Weber, directed by Marc Webb, produced by Mark Waters, and starring Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Zooey Deschanel. The film employs a nonlinear narrative structure, with the story based upon its male protagonist and his memories of a failed relationship.\nAs an independent production, the film was picked up for distribution by Fox Searchlight Pictures and premiered at the 2009 Sundance Film Festival. It garnered critical acclaim and became a successful \"sleeper hit\", earning over $60 million in worldwide returns, far exceeding its $7.5 million budget. Many critics lauded the film as one of the best from 2009 and drew comparisons to other acclaimed films such as Annie Hall and High Fidelity.\nThe film received the 2009 Satellite Award for Best Original Screenplay and the Independent Spirit Award for Best Screenplay as well as nominations at the 67th Golden Globe Awards for Best Picture and Best Actor.
/m/0282x	Douglas Noel Adams was an English writer, humourist, and dramatist.\nAdams is best known as the author of The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, which originated in 1978 as a BBC radio comedy before developing into a \"trilogy\" of five books that sold more than 15 million copies in his lifetime and generated a television series, several stage plays, comics, a computer game, and in 2005 a feature film. Adams's contribution to UK radio is commemorated in The Radio Academy's Hall of Fame.\nAdams also wrote Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency and The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul, and co-wrote The Meaning of Liff, The Deeper Meaning of Liff, Last Chance to See, and three stories for the television series Doctor Who. A posthumous collection of his work, including an unfinished novel, was published as The Salmon of Doubt in 2002.\nAdams became known as an advocate for environmentalism and conservation, and also as a lover of fast cars, cameras, technological innovation, and the Apple Macintosh. He was a staunch atheist, famously imagining a sentient puddle who wakes up one morning and thinks, \"This is an interesting world I find myself in—an interesting hole I find myself in—fits me rather neatly, doesn't it? In fact it fits me staggeringly well, must have been made to have me in it!\" to demonstrate his view that the fine-tuned Universe argument for God was a fallacy. Biologist Richard Dawkins dedicated his book The God Delusion to Adams, writing on his death that \"Science has lost a friend, literature has lost a luminary, the mountain gorilla and the black rhino have lost a gallant defender.\"
/m/049xgc	The Aviator is a 2004 American biographical drama film directed by Martin Scorsese, written by John Logan, produced by Michael Mann, Sandy Climan, Graham King, and Charles Evans, Jr., and starring Leonardo DiCaprio as Howard Hughes, Cate Blanchett as Katharine Hepburn and Kate Beckinsale as Ava Gardner. The supporting cast features Ian Holm, John C. Reilly, Alec Baldwin, Jude Law as Errol Flynn, Gwen Stefani as Jean Harlow, Willem Dafoe, Alan Alda, and Edward Herrmann. The film depicts the true story of aviation pioneer Howard Hughes, who later became the world's wealthiest man, drawing upon numerous sources including a biography by Charles Higham. The picture centers on Hughes' life from the late 1920s to 1947, during which time he became a successful film producer and an aviation magnate while simultaneously growing more unstable due to severe obsessive-compulsive disorder exacerbated by airplane crashes.\nThe Aviator was nominated for 11 Academy Awards, including Best Picture, Best Director for Scorsese, Best Original Screenplay, Best Actor for DiCaprio and Best Supporting Actor for Alda, and winning five for Best Cinematography, Best Film Editing, Best Costume Design, Best Art Direction and Best Supporting Actress for Blanchett. This feat would later be duplicated by Scorsese's film Hugo seven years later.
/m/0fgj2	Buckinghamshire is a ceremonial and non-metropolitan home county in South East England. The county town is Aylesbury, the largest town in the ceremonial county is Milton Keynes and largest town in the non-metropolitan county is High Wycombe.\nThe area under the control of Buckinghamshire County Council, or shire county, is divided into four districts—Aylesbury Vale, Chiltern, South Bucks and Wycombe. The Borough of Milton Keynes is a unitary authority and forms part of the county for various functions such as Lord Lieutenant but does not come under county council control. The ceremonial county, the area including Milton Keynes borough, borders Greater London, Berkshire, Oxfordshire, Northamptonshire, Bedfordshire and Hertfordshire.\nSections of the county closer to London are part of the Metropolitan Green Belt, which limits development. It is the location of the nationally important Pinewood Studios and Dorney Lake, which held the rowing events at the 2012 Summer Olympics. It is also well known for the new town of Milton Keynes and the Chiltern Hills area of outstanding natural beauty.
/m/02tkzn	Edward \"Ed\" Asner is an American film, television, stage, and voice actor and a former president of the Screen Actors Guild. He is primarily known for his Emmy Award-winning role as Lou Grant during the 1970s and early 1980s, on both The Mary Tyler Moore Show and its spin-off series Lou Grant, making him one of the few television actors to portray the same leading character in both a comedy and a drama.\nIn 2009, he starred as the voice of Carl Fredricksen in Pixar's award-winning animated film Up. In early 2011, Asner returned to television as butcher Hank Greziak in Working Class, the first original sitcom on cable channel CMT. He starred in the Canadian television series Michael, Tuesdays and Thursdays, on CBC Television and has appeared in the 2013 television series The Glades, in the episode \"Killer Barbecue\".
/m/02r38	Sir Edward William Elgar, 1st Baronet, OM, GCVO was an English composer, many of whose works have entered the British and international classical concert repertoire. Among his best-known compositions are orchestral works including the Enigma Variations, the Pomp and Circumstance Marches, concertos for violin and cello, and two symphonies. He also composed choral works, including The Dream of Gerontius, chamber music and songs. He was appointed Master of the King's Musick in 1924.\nAlthough Elgar is often regarded as a typically English composer, most of his musical influences were not from England but from continental Europe. He felt himself to be an outsider, not only musically, but socially. In musical circles dominated by academics, he was a self-taught composer; in Protestant Britain, his Roman Catholicism was regarded with suspicion in some quarters; and in the class-conscious society of Victorian and Edwardian Britain, he was acutely sensitive about his humble origins even after he achieved recognition. He nevertheless married the daughter of a senior British army officer. She inspired him both musically and socially, but he struggled to achieve success until his forties, when after a series of moderately successful works his Enigma Variations became immediately popular in Britain and overseas. He followed the Variations with a choral work, The Dream of Gerontius, based on a Roman Catholic text that caused some disquiet in the Anglican establishment in Britain, but it became, and has remained, a core repertory work in Britain and elsewhere. His later full-length religious choral works were well received but have not entered the regular repertory. The first of his Pomp and Circumstance Marches is well known in the English-speaking world.
/m/0fr61	Charles County is a county located in the southern central portion of the U.S. state of Maryland, and a part of the Washington Metropolitan Area. As of the 2010 census, the population was 146,551. The county seat is La Plata. This county was named for Charles Calvert, third Baron Baltimore.
/m/02p5hf	David Carradine was an American actor and martial artist, best known for his leading role as a warrior monk, Kwai Chang Caine, in the 1970s television series Kung Fu. He was a member of a productive acting family that began with his father, John Carradine. His acting career, which included major and minor roles on stage, television and cinema, spanned over four decades. A prolific \"B\" movie actor, he appeared in more than 100 feature films and was nominated four times for a Golden Globe Award. The last nomination was for his title role in Quentin Tarantino's Kill Bill.\nFilms that featured Carradine continued to be released after his death. These posthumous credits were from a variety of genres including horror, action, western, martial arts, drama, science fiction and documentary. In addition to his acting career, Carradine was also a musician and pursued a directing career. Influenced by his most popular acting role, he studied martial arts. The son of a frequently married actor, he had an unstable childhood. This instability would continue throughout his life as he himself was married five times. He was also frequently arrested and prosecuted for a variety of offenses which often involved substance abuse. He died on June 3, 2009, from asphyxiation.
/m/027ybp	California Polytechnic State University or California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo, also known as Cal Poly San Luis Obispo or Cal Poly, is a public university located in San Luis Obispo, California, United States. Founded in 1901 as a vocational high school, it's currently one of only two polytechnic universities in the 23-member California State University system. Comprising six distinct colleges, the university offers 147 Bachelor's degrees, 49 Master's degrees, and 7 teaching credentials. The university does not confer Doctoral degrees. The university is one among a small group of polytechnic universities in the United States which tend to be primarily devoted to the instruction of technical arts and applied sciences.\nCal Poly is a member of the American Association of State Colleges and Universities and the National Association of State Universities and Land-Grant Colleges. Cal Poly is known for its \"learn by doing\" educational philosophy that encourages students to solve real-world problems by combining classroom theory with experiential laboratory exercise. Cal Poly is one of four California State Universities that participate in the Big West Conference in athletics.
/m/0sxg4	The Dresser is a successful 1980 West End and Broadway play by Ronald Harwood, which tells the story of an aging actor's personal assistant, who struggles to keep his charge's life together. It was subsequently made into a 1983 film, based on Harwood's own screenplay. The film was directed by Peter Yates and produced by Yates with Ronald Harwood. The cinematography was by Kelvin Pike.\nThe film version of The Dresser stars Albert Finney, Tom Courtenay, Zena Walker, Eileen Atkins, Michael Gough and Edward Fox. Finney and Courtenay were both nominated for Academy Awards, BAFTA Awards and Golden Globe Awards for their performances, with Courtenay winning the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor - Motion Picture Drama in a tie with Robert Duvall for Tender Mercies.
/m/0319l	The horn, also known as the corno and French horn, is a brass instrument made of more than 20 feet of tubing wrapped into a coil with a flared bell. The main bugle on an F Horn is ~12–13' and the tubing associated with the valves make up the additional tubing to achieve ~20' of tubing overall. A musician who plays the horn is called a horn player. In informal use, \"horn\" may also refer to nearly any wind instrument with a flared exit for the sound.\nDescended from the natural horn, the instrument is often informally known as the French horn. However, this is technically incorrect since the instrument is not French in origin, but German. Therefore, the International Horn Society has recommended since 1971 that the instrument be simply called the horn. French horn is still the most commonly used name for the instrument in the United States.\nPitch is controlled through the adjustment of lip tension in the mouthpiece and the operation of valves by the left hand, which route the air into extra tubing. Most horns have lever-operated rotary valves, but some, especially older horns, use piston valves and the Vienna horn uses double-piston valves, or pumpenvalves. The backward facing orientation of the bell relates to the perceived desirability to create a subdued sound, in concert situations, in contrast to the more-piercing quality of the trumpet. A horn without valves is known as a natural horn, changing pitch along the natural harmonics of the instrument. Pitch may also be controlled by the position of the hand in the bell since the hand is acoustically beneficial to the horn because it shortens the diameter of the bell. The pitch of any note can easily be raised or lowered based on the hand position in the bell.
/m/04fznlb	The Liberal National Party is a centre-right political party in Queensland, Australia. It is the Queensland division of the Liberal Party of Australia and is associated with the National Party of Australia after having been formed by merger of the Queensland divisions of both of those parties on 26 July 2008.\nThe party is considered to be on the centre-right of Queensland politics. In Australia, the term Liberalism refers to centre-right economic liberalism, rather than centre-left social liberalism as in some other English-speaking countries such as the U.S.A. Party ideology has therefore been referred to as liberalism, distinct from its meaning in U.S. English-speaking countries, but also as conservatism, which features strongly in party ideology.\nThe newly established party won government for the first time at the 2012 state election, winning 78 out of 89 seats, a record majority in the unicameral Parliament of Queensland. Its leader, Campbell Newman, is the Premier of Queensland.
/m/035wq7	Steven Robert \"Steve\" Guttenberg is an American actor and comedian. He became well known during the 1980s after a series of starring roles in major Hollywood films, including Diner, Cocoon, Three Men and a Baby, Police Academy, and Short Circuit.
/m/04k4l	The League of Nations was an intergovernmental organisation founded as a result of the Paris Peace Conference that ended the First World War. It was the first international organisation whose principal mission was to maintain world peace. Its primary goals, as stated in its Covenant, included preventing wars through collective security and disarmament, and settling international disputes through negotiation and arbitration. Other issues in this and related treaties included labour conditions, just treatment of native inhabitants, human and drug trafficking, arms trade, global health, prisoners of war, and protection of minorities in Europe. At its greatest extent from 28 September 1934 to 23 February 1935, it had 58 members.\nThe diplomatic philosophy behind the League represented a fundamental shift from the preceding hundred years. The League lacked its own armed force and depended on the Great Powers to enforce its resolutions, keep to its economic sanctions, or provide an army when needed. However, the Great Powers were often reluctant to do so. Sanctions could hurt League members, so they were reluctant to comply with them. When, during the Second Italo-Abyssinian War, the League accused Italian soldiers of targeting Red Cross medical tents, Benito Mussolini responded that \"the League is very well when sparrows shout, but no good at all when eagles fall out.\"
/m/063g7l	Terry Alan Crews is an American actor and former NFL player. He is perhaps best known for playing Julius on the UPN/CW sitcom Everybody Hates Chris and for his appearances in Old Spice commercials, Arrested Development, The Newsroom and for his roles in films like Friday After Next, White Chicks, Bridesmaids, Idiocracy, Gamer, and The Expendables. He has starred as Nick Kingston-Persons in the TBS sitcom Are We There Yet? and as himself in the BET reality series The Family Crews. Currently he plays NYPD Sergeant Terry Jeffords on the Fox sitcom Brooklyn Nine-Nine.
/m/01kvqc	Branford Marsalis is an American saxophonist, composer and bandleader. While primarily known for his work in jazz as the leader of the Branford Marsalis Quartet, he also performs frequently as a soloist with classical ensembles and has led the group Buckshot LeFonque.
/m/06nd8c	Howard \"Howie\" Morris was an American comic actor and director who was best known for his roles in The Andy Griffith Show as Ernest T. Bass and George, the TV set repairman.
/m/0b2mc	Thessaloniki (Greek: Θεσσαλονίκη, IPA: [θesaloˈniki]), Thessalonica, or Salonica is the second-largest city in Greece and the capital of Macedonia,  the nation's largest region. It is honorarily called the Συμπρωτεύουσα Symprotevousa (lit. co-capital) of Greece, as it was once called the συμβασιλεύουσα symbasilevousa (co-queen) of the Byzantine Empire. The Thessaloniki Urban Area is the largest city in the wider geographical region of Macedonia. According to the 2001 census, the municipality of Thessaloniki had a population of 363,987.[3] [...]
/m/0cj_v7	Derby County Football Club is an English football club based in Derby, England. Notable for being one of the twelve members of the Football League in 1888, it is one of only ten clubs to have competed in every season of the English football league and, in 2009, was ranked 137th in the top 200 European football teams of the 20th century by International Federation of Football History and Statistics.\nDerby County F.C. was founded in 1884, by William Morley, as an offshoot of Derbyshire County Cricket Club; it has spent all but four seasons in the top two divisions of the English football league. The club's competitive peak came in the 1970s when it had two spells as English League Champions and competed in major European competitions on four separate occasions, reaching the European Cup semi-finals, as well as winning several minor trophies. The club was also a strong force in the interwar years of the football league and also won the 1945–46 FA Cup.\nThe club adopted its now traditional black and white club colours in the 1890s and appropriated its club nickname The Rams, a tribute to its links with the First Regiment of Derby Militia, which took a ram as its mascot and the song \"The Derby Ram\" as its regimental song, at the same time. Home games are played at the Pride Park Stadium, located in Pride Park, Derby, where the club moved in 1997. As of 2013, the club plays in the Football League Championship and are managed by Steve McClaren.
/m/04j689	Club Santos Laguna S.A. de C.V. commonly known as Santos Laguna or Santos, is a Mexican football club. They represent the urban area of La Comarca Lagunera, which is made up of Torreón, Gómez Palacio, and Lerdo. Santos Laguna currently plays in the Liga Bancomer MX. The club was founded in 1982, and reached Mexico's top division after buying the franchise belonging to the Ángeles de Puebla. The club's debut in Mexico's top division was in the 1988/89 tournament. They have won the league championship four times: first in the Invierno 1996 tournament, second in the Verano 2001 tournament, third in the Clausura 2008 tournament, and the most recent in the Clausura 2012 tournament. They have also reached the finals in the 1993–94 season, the Verano 2000 tournament, the Bicentenario 2010 tournament, the Apertura 2010 tournament, and the Apertura 2011 tournament.\nIt is the third football club that was formed in the Laguna Region, after the demise of clubs and Laguna Football Club Football Club Torreon, teams were not successful and had to sell their franchises to form the Black Lions of the University Deportivo Guadalajara and Neza respectively. In 2003 the club celebrated its 20th year anniversary held in large throughout the Laguna Region.
/m/0rrhp	Lakeland is a city in Polk County, Florida, USA, and is located between Tampa and Orlando along Interstate 4. According to the 2010 U.S. Census Bureau estimate, the city had a population of 97,422. Lakeland is a principal city of the Lakeland-Winter Haven, Florida Metropolitan Statistical Area, which had an estimated population of 584,383 in July, 2009 based on data from the University of Florida Bureau of Economic and Business Research. It is twinned with Richmond Hill, Ontario, Canada; Imabari, Ehime, Japan; Balti, Moldova; Portmore, Jamaica; and Chongming County, Shanghai, China as part of the Sister Cities program.
/m/03v1s	Indiana is a U.S. state located in the midwestern and Great Lakes regions of North America. Indiana is the 38th largest by area and the 16th most populous of the 50 United States. Indiana is the least extensive state in the contiguous United States west of the Appalachian Mountains. Its capital and largest city is Indianapolis. Indiana was admitted to the United States as the 19th U.S. state on December 11, 1816.\nBefore it became a territory, varying cultures of indigenous peoples and historic Native Americans inhabited Indiana for thousands of years. Since its founding as a territory, settlement patterns in Indiana have reflected regional cultural segmentation present in the Eastern United States; the state's northernmost tier was settled primarily by people from New England and New York, Central Indiana by migrants from the Mid-Atlantic states and from adjacent Ohio, and Southern Indiana by settlers from the Southern states, particularly Kentucky and Tennessee.\nIndiana has a diverse economy with a gross state product of $214 billion in 2005. Indiana has several metropolitan areas with populations greater than 100,000 and a number of smaller industrial cities and towns. Indiana is home to several major sports teams and athletic events including the NFL's Indianapolis Colts, the NBA's Indiana Pacers, the WNBA’s Indiana Fever, and the Indianapolis 500 and Brickyard 400 motorsports races.
/m/03nyts	Shotaro Ishinomori was a Japanese manga artist who became an influential figure in manga, anime, and tokusatsu, creating several immensely popular long-running series such as Cyborg 009 and Himitsu Sentai Gorenger, what would go on to become part of the Super Sentai series, and the Kamen Rider Series. He was twice awarded by the Shogakukan Manga Award, in 1968 for Sabu to Ichi Torimono Hikae and in 1988 for Hotel and Manga Nihon Keizai Nyumon. He was born and named Shotaro Onodera in Tome, Miyagi, and was also known as Shotaro Ishimori before 1986, when he changed his family name to Ishinomori with \"ノ\".
/m/0177gl	Futebol Clube do Porto MH IH MH OM, commonly known as FC Porto, Porto, or FCP, is a Portuguese multi-sports club from the city of Porto. Although they successfully compete in a number of different sports, FC Porto is mostly known for its association football team. Founded in Porto in 28 September 1893, it is one of the \"Três Grandes\", football clubs in Portugal. FC Porto's supporters are often called \"Portistas\" or \"Dragões\".\nFC Porto is the most successful Portuguese club in terms of national titles, with 67 titles, the most successful Portuguese club in terms of international titles, with 7 titles, and the most successful Portuguese club in terms of total titles, with 74 titles. Domestically, it holds the record of five Primeira Liga titles in a row, having won the Primeira Liga 27 times. Other national titles won by the club include the Portuguese Cup 16 times, the Championship of Portugal 4 times and the Portuguese SuperCup 20 times. FC Porto became the second team in the history of the Primeira Liga to twice complete an entire 30 game season unbeaten. In the 2010–11 season, FC Porto achieved the largest difference ever between champion and runners-up in a 3 points per win system.
/m/03sc8	The International Business Machines Corporation is an American multinational technology and consulting corporation, with headquarters in Armonk, New York, United States. IBM manufactures and markets computer hardware and software, and offers infrastructure, hosting and consulting services in areas ranging from mainframe computers to nanotechnology.\nThe company was founded in 1911 as the Computing Tabulating Recording Company through a merger of three companies: the Tabulating Machine Company, the International Time Recording Company, and the Computing Scale Company. CTR adopted the name International Business Machines in 1924, using a name previously designated to CTR's subsidiary in Canada and later South America. Securities analysts nicknamed IBM Big Blue in recognition of IBM's common use of blue in products, packaging, and logo.\nIn 2012, Fortune ranked IBM the No. 2 largest U.S. firm in terms of number of employees, the No. 4 largest in terms of market capitalization, the No. 9 most profitable, and the No. 19 largest firm in terms of revenue. Globally, the company was ranked the No. 31 largest in terms of revenue by Forbes for 2011. Other rankings for 2011/2012 include No. 1 company for leaders, No. 1 green company worldwide, No. 2 best global brand, No. 2 most respected company, No. 5 most admired company, and No. 18 most innovative company.
/m/058yv_	A high sheriff is a ceremonial officer for each shrieval county of England and Wales and Northern Ireland or the chief sheriff of a number of paid sheriffs in U.S. states who outranks and commands the others in their court-related functions.\nThe office existed in what is now the Republic of Ireland but was abolished there in 1926.\nIn England and Wales, the office is unpaid privilege with ceremonial duties, the sheriffs being appointed annually by the Crown through a warrant from the Privy Council except in Cornwall where the High Sheriff is appointed by the Duke of Cornwall. In England and Wales the office's civil enforcement powers exist but are not exercised by convention. The office was termed that of sheriff until 1 April 1974, except in the City of London, which has two sheriffs of the City of London.
/m/0dnw1	Breakfast at Tiffany's is a 1961 American romantic comedy film starring Audrey Hepburn and George Peppard, and featuring Patricia Neal, Buddy Ebsen, Martin Balsam, and Mickey Rooney. The film was directed by Blake Edwards and released by Paramount Pictures. It is loosely based on the novella of the same name by Truman Capote.\nHepburn's portrayal of Holly Golightly as the naïve, eccentric café society girl is generally considered to be the actress' most memorable and identifiable role. Hepburn regarded it as one of her most challenging roles, since she was an introvert required to play an extrovert. Hepburn's performance of its theme song \"Moon River\" helped composer Henry Mancini and lyricist Johnny Mercer win an Oscar for Best Song.\nIn 2012, the film was deemed \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant\" by the United States Library of Congress and selected for preservation in the National Film Registry.
/m/05gg4	The New York Giants are a professional American football team based in East Rutherford, New Jersey, representing the New York metropolitan area. The Giants are currently members of the East Division of the National Football Conference in the National Football League. The team plays its home games in East Rutherford, New Jersey at MetLife Stadium, which it shares with the New York Jets in a unique arrangement. Beginning in 2013, the Giants will hold their summer training camp at the Quest Diagnostics Training Center at the Meadowlands Sports Complex.\nThe Giants were one of five teams that joined the NFL in 1925, and is the only one of that group still existing, as well as the league's longest-established team in the Northeastern United States. The team ranks third among all NFL franchises with eight NFL titles: four in the pre–Super Bowl era and four since the advent of the Super Bowl, along with more championship appearances than any other team, with 19 overall appearances. Their championship tally is surpassed only by the Green Bay Packers and Chicago Bears. During their history, the Giants have featured 15 Hall of Fame players, including NFL Most Valuable Player award winners Mel Hein, Frank Gifford, Y. A. Tittle, and Lawrence Taylor.
/m/02vyyl8	Yes Man is a 2008 British-American romantic comedy-drama directed by Peyton Reed, written by Nicholas Stoller, Jarrad Paul, and Andrew Mogel and starring Jim Carrey. The film is based loosely on the 2005 book Yes Man by British humorist Danny Wallace, who also makes a cameo appearance in the film.\nThe film was a box office success, despite receiving mixed reviews from critics. It was released on December 19, 2008, opening at No. 1 at the box office in its first weekend with $18.3 million and was then released on December 26, 2008 in the United Kingdom going straight to the top of the box office in its first weekend after release. Production for the film began in October 2007 in Los Angeles.
/m/01cpp0	The 2003 invasion of Iraq lasted from 19 March 2003 to 1 May 2003 and signaled the start of the conflict that later came to be known as the Iraq War, which was dubbed Operation Iraqi Freedom by the United States. The invasion consisted of 21 days of major combat operations, in which a combined force of troops from the United States, the United Kingdom, Australia, and Poland, invaded Iraq and deposed the Ba'athist government of Saddam Hussein. The invasion phase consisted primarily of a conventionally-fought war which concluded with the capture of the Iraqi capital of Baghdad by American forces.\nFour countries participated with troops during the initial invasion phase, which lasted from 19 March to 9 April 2003. These were the United States, United Kingdom, Australia, and Poland. 36 other countries were involved in its aftermath. In preparation for the invasion, 100,000 U.S. troops were assembled in Kuwait by 18 February. The coalition forces also received support from Kurdish irregulars in Iraqi Kurdistan.\nAccording to U.S. President George W. Bush and British Prime Minister Tony Blair, the coalition mission was \"to disarm Iraq of weapons of mass destruction, to end Saddam Hussein's support for terrorism, and to free the Iraqi people.\" Former chief counter-terrorism adviser on the National Security Council Richard A. Clarke believes Bush took office with a predetermined plan to invade Iraq. General Wesley Clark, the former Supreme NATO Allied Commander and Joint Chiefs of Staff Director of Strategy and Policy, describes in his 2003 book, Winning Modern Wars, his conversation with a military officer in the Pentagon shortly after 9/11 regarding a plan to attack seven Middle Eastern countries in five years: \"As I went back through the Pentagon in November 2001, one of the senior military staff officers had time for a chat. Yes, we were still on track for going against Iraq, he said. But there was more. This was being discussed as part of a five-year campaign plan, he said, and there were a total of seven countries, beginning with Iraq, then Syria, Lebanon, Libya, Iran, Somalia and Sudan.\" Others place a much greater emphasis on the impact of the 11 September 2001 attacks, and the role this played in changing U.S. strategic calculations, and the rise of the freedom agenda. According to Blair, the trigger was Iraq's failure to take a \"final opportunity\" to disarm itself of alleged nuclear, chemical, and biological weapons that U.S. and British officials called an immediate and intolerable threat to world peace. In 2005, the Central Intelligence Agency released a report saying that no weapons of mass destruction had been found in Iraq.
/m/09ntbc	Leonida Christos \"Leo\" Bertos is a New Zealand football player who plays as an attacking midfielder or right winger for New Zealand-based A-League team Wellington Phoenix and has represented the New Zealand national football team. He is sponsored by the sportwear company Adidas.
/m/0329gm	The Belgium national football team has represented Belgium in association football since 1904.\nIt is controlled by the Royal Belgian Football Association, the governing body for football in Belgium and the oldest football association in continental Europe. Belgium's home stadium is the King Baudouin Stadium in Brussels and Marc Wilmots is their national manager. He started as an assistant, but took over in May 2012 when Georges Leekens took the managerial position in Club Brugge. They are nicknamed the Red Devils.\nThe best achievements from Belgium in international tournaments so far were the qualification for six successive FIFA World Cups between 1982 and 2002 including a fourth place finish in 1986, the title of European runners-up in 1980 and the 1920 Olympic Football Gold Medal on home ground. Other notable prestations are their four victories over reigning world champions: 2–0 against West Germany in 1954, 5–1 against Brazil in 1963, 1–0 against Argentina in 1982 and 2–1 against France in 2002.
/m/01xhb_	Chiyoda is a special ward located in central Tokyo Metropolis, Japan. In English, it is called Chiyoda City.\nAs of October 2007, the ward has an estimated population of 45,543 and a population density of 3,912 people per km², making it by far the least populated of the special wards. The total area is 11.64 km², of which the Imperial Palace, Hibiya Park, National Museum of Modern Art, and Yasukuni Shrine take up approximately 2.6 km², or 22% of the total area.\nChiyoda consists of the Palace and a surrounding radius of about 1 kilometer. It inherited the name, literally meaning \"field of a thousand generations,\" from Chiyoda Castle. Many government institutions, such as the Diet, Prime Minister's residence, and Supreme Court, are located in Chiyoda, as are Tokyo landmarks such as Yasukuni Shrine, Tokyo Station, and the Budokan. Fifteen embassies are located in Chiyoda.
/m/01srq2	Naked Lunch is a 1991 science fiction drama film written and directed by David Cronenberg and starring Peter Weller, Judy Davis, Ian Holm, and Roy Scheider. It is a film adaptation of William S. Burroughs' 1959 novel of the same name. It was made as a co-production by film companies of Canada, the United Kingdom, and Japan.
/m/02822	Drama is the specific mode of fiction represented in performance. The term comes from a Greek word meaning \"action\", which is derived from the verb meaning \"to do\" or \"to act\". The enactment of drama in theatre, performed by actors on a stage before an audience, presupposes collaborative modes of production and a collective form of reception. The structure of dramatic texts, unlike other forms of literature, is directly influenced by this collaborative production and collective reception. The early modern tragedy Hamlet by Shakespeare and the classical Athenian tragedy Oedipus the King by Sophocles are among the masterpieces of the art of drama. A modern example is Long Day's Journey into Night by Eugene O’Neill.\nThe two masks associated with drama represent the traditional generic division between comedy and tragedy. They are symbols of the ancient Greek Muses, Thalia and Melpomene. Thalia was the Muse of comedy, while Melpomene was the Muse of tragedy. Considered as a genre of poetry in general, the dramatic mode has been contrasted with the epic and the lyrical modes ever since Aristotle's Poetics —the earliest work of dramatic theory.
/m/01c7p_	John Harold Kander is the American composer of a number of musicals as part of the songwriting team of Kander and Ebb.
/m/06yrj6	Tim Kaiser is a television producer who has worked on such shows as Seinfeld, including the famous \"Soup Nazi\" episode, as well as Will and Grace. He also produces $#!T my dad says.\nKaiser is a native of Pittsburgh who graduated in 1981 from Riverview High School and in 1985 graduated from Westminster College.
/m/0221zw	Sex, Lies, and Videotape is a 1989 American independent drama film that brought director Steven Soderbergh to prominence. It tells the story of a man who films women discussing their sexuality, and his impact on the relationships of a troubled married couple and the wife's younger sister.\nThe film won the Palme d'Or at the 1989 Cannes Film Festival, and was influential in revolutionizing the independent film movement in the early 1990s. In 2006, Sex, Lies, and Videotape was added to the United States Library of Congress' National Film Registry as being deemed \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant.\"
/m/032498	Legia Warszawa is a professional football club based in Warsaw, Poland. It was founded in March 1916 in the area of Maniewicze in Volhynia as the football club of the Polish Legions. After World War I, it became the main official football club of the Polish Army – Wojskowy Klub Sportowy Legia Warszawa. In the years 1949–1957 Legia was known by the name CWKS Warszawa. The club's home venue is the Polish Army Stadium. Legia is one of the most successful Polish football clubs in history winning a total of 9 Ekstraklasa Champions titles, a record 16 Polish Cup trophies and a record 4 Polish SuperCup matches. Currently the club is owned by Dariusz Mioduski and Bogusław Leśnodorski, who acquired it for unpublished sum, and have also to pay debts. To 8 April 2004 it was owned by Pol-Mot. From 8 April 2004 to 9 January 2014 it was owned by media holding ITI Group.
/m/01hb6v	Christopher Eric Hitchens was a British-American author, polemicist, debater, and journalist. Hitchens contributed to New Statesman, The Nation, The Atlantic, The London Review of Books, The Times Literary Supplement and Vanity Fair. He was the author of twelve books and five collections of essays, and concentrated on a range of subjects, including politics, literature and religion. A staple of talk shows and lecture circuits, his confrontational style of debate made him both a lauded and controversial figure. Known for his contrarian stance on a number of issues, he excoriated such public figures as Mother Teresa, Bill Clinton, Henry Kissinger, Lady Diana, and Pope Benedict XVI. He was the older brother of author Peter Hitchens.\nLong describing himself as a socialist, Hitchens began his break from the established political left after what he called the \"tepid reaction\" of the Western left to the Rushdie Affair, followed by the left's embrace of Bill Clinton, and the \"anti-war\" movement's opposition to intervention in Bosnia-Herzegovina—though Hitchens did not leave his position writing for The Nation until, post-9/11, he felt the magazine had arrived at a position \"that John Ashcroft is a greater menace than Osama bin Laden.\" The September 11 attacks \"exhilarated\" him, bringing into focus \"a battle between everything I love and everything I hate,\" and strengthening his embrace of an interventionist foreign policy which challenged \"fascism with an Islamic face\". His numerous editorials in support of the Iraq War caused some to label him a neoconservative, although Hitchens insisted he was not \"a conservative of any kind\", and his friend Ian McEwan described him as representing the anti-totalitarian left. Indeed, in a 2010 BBC interview, he stated that he was 'still a Marxist'.
/m/02c6pq	Simon Baker is an Australian actor and director. In his television acting career, he is best known for his lead role in the CBS television series The Mentalist as Patrick Jane and as Nicholas Fallin in The Guardian.\nIn his film acting career, he is best known for the lead role of Riley Denbo in Land of the Dead and Christian Thompson in the film adaptation of The Devil Wears Prada, based on the 2003 novel of the same name.
/m/04mrfv	Perth Glory FC is a professional soccer club based in Perth, Australia. It competes in the country's premier competition, the A-League, and is one of three A-League clubs to survive from the now defunct National Soccer League. Glory entered the A-League competition in the in the leagues inaugural 2005–06 season, eight years after its formation in 1996. The club's has won three league Premierships and two Championships in the two leagues it has competed in.\nThe club playes matches at Perth Oval, a 20,441 seat multi-use venue located close to Perth's CBD. A youth squad competes in the National Youth League. A women's team competes in the W-League. The youth and women matches are played at various locations across Perth, including Percy Doyle Reserve, Walter Road Reserve, and occasionally Perth Oval.
/m/0f6_dy	Titus B. Welliver is an American actor. He is known for his recurring roles in film and television and his portrayal of the The Man in Black on Lost.
/m/0dlglj	Clifton Craig Collins, Jr. is an American actor.
/m/05qjt	Physics is the natural science that involves the study of matter and its motion through space and time, along with related concepts such as energy and force. More broadly, it is the general analysis of nature, conducted in order to understand how the universe behaves.\nPhysics is one of the oldest academic disciplines, perhaps the oldest through its inclusion of astronomy. Over the last two millennia, physics was a part of natural philosophy along with chemistry, certain branches of mathematics, and biology, but during the Scientific Revolution in the 17th century, the natural sciences emerged as unique research programs in their own right. Physics intersects with many interdisciplinary areas of research, such as biophysics and quantum chemistry, and the boundaries of physics are not rigidly defined. New ideas in physics often explain the fundamental mechanisms of other sciences while opening new avenues of research in areas such as mathematics and philosophy.\nPhysics also makes significant contributions through advances in new technologies that arise from theoretical breakthroughs. For example, advances in the understanding of electromagnetism or nuclear physics led directly to the development of new products which have dramatically transformed modern-day society, such as television, computers, domestic appliances, and nuclear weapons; advances in thermodynamics led to the development of industrialization; and advances in mechanics inspired the development of calculus.
/m/0fy59t	The 13th Academy Awards honored American film achievements in 1940. This was the first year that sealed envelopes were used to keep secret the names of the winners which led to the famous phrase: \"May I have the Envelope, please.\" The accounting firm of Price Waterhouse was hired to count the ballots, after the fiasco of leaked voting results in 1939 by the Los Angeles Times.\nFor the first time, the award for Best Screenplay was split into two separate categories: Best Original Screenplay and Best Adapted Screenplay.\nIndependent producer David O. Selznick, who had produced the previous year's big winner Gone with the Wind, also produced the Best Picture winner in 1940, Rebecca - and campaigned heavily for its win. Selznick was the first to produce two consecutive winners of the Best Picture Oscar. Although Rebecca had eleven nominations, it only won for Best Picture and Best Cinematography, marking the last time a film would win Best Picture but not win for either directing, acting, or writing.\nThe film's studio - United Artists - was the last of the original film studios to win the Best Picture Oscar. Rebecca was the first American-made film directed by Alfred Hitchcock, and the only film from him to win Best Picture. Hitchcock actually had two films in the running, for in addition to Rebecca his Foreign Correspondent was also in the running for Best Picture.
/m/07zl6m	2K Games, Inc. is an American global developer, marketer, distributor and publisher of video games, like Borderlands, Civilization V, & NBA2K. 2K Games is a subsidiary of Take-Two Interactive. It was created on January 25, 2005 after Take-Two acquired developer Visual Concepts and its wholly owned subsidiary Kush Games from Sega for US$24 million.\nThe name \"2K Games\" comes from Visual Concepts' sports game lineup typically referred to as the 2K series, which were originally published exclusively for the Dreamcast console. 2K Games is headquartered in Novato, California. The label publishes a wide variety of console and PC titles developed both internally and externally.\n2K Games have been nominated for the BAFTA awards for their video game Borderlands 2.
/m/05xjb	A priest is a person authorized to perform the sacred rituals of a religion, especially as a mediatory agent between humans and one or more deities. They also have the authority or power to administer religious rites; in particular, rites of sacrifice to, and propitiation of, a deity or deities. Their office or position is the priesthood, a term which also may apply to such persons collectively.\nPriests and priestesses have existed since the earliest of times and in the simplest societies, most likely as a result of agricultural surplus and consequent social stratification. Priests exist in many religions today, such as all or some branches of Judaism, Christianity, Shintoism, Hinduism. They are generally regarded as having positive contact with the deity or deities of the religion to which they subscribe, often interpreting the meaning of events and performing the rituals of the religion.\nThe question of which religions have a \"priest\" depends on how the titles of leaders are used or translated into English. In some cases, leaders are more like those that other believers will often turn for advice on spiritual matters, and less of a \"person authorized to perform the sacred rituals\" For example, clergy in Roman Catholicism and Orthodox Christianity are priests, but in Protestant Christianity they are typically minister and pastor.
/m/02wk_43	Dan O'Shannon is an American writer and producer who has worked on shows such as Newhart, Cheers, and Frasier. He currently is an executive producer of the ABC show Modern Family.\nO'Shannon grew up in Euclid and Painesville, Ohio, graduating from Riverside High School in Painesville Township.\nIn addition to writing television since 1985, O'Shannon is the author of a book about comedy theory: What Are You Laughing At? A Comprehensive Guide to the Comedic Event, published by Continuum International Publishing Group.\nThe book examines what comedy is and why we respond to it the way we do and has been adopted by universities across the country.
/m/0yxl	Alan Moore is an English writer primarily known for his work in comic books, a medium where he has produced series including Watchmen, V for Vendetta, and From Hell. Frequently described as the best graphic novel writer in history, he has also been described as \"one of the most important British writers of the last fifty years\". He has occasionally used such pseudonyms as Curt Vile, Jill de Ray, and Translucia Baboon. Marvel Comics' 2013 reprints of Moore's original Miracleman stories credit him as The Original Writer.\nMoore started out writing for British underground and alternative fanzines in the late 1970s before achieving success publishing comic strips in such magazines as 2000 AD and Warrior. He was subsequently picked up by the American DC Comics, and as \"the first comics writer living in Britain to do prominent work in America\", he worked on big name characters such as Batman and Superman, substantially developed the character Swamp Thing, and penned original titles such as Watchmen. During that decade, Moore helped to bring about greater social respectability for the medium in the United States and United Kingdom. He prefers the term \"comic\" to \"graphic novel.\" In the late 1980s and early 1990s he left the comic industry mainstream and went independent for a while, working on experimental work such as the epic From Hell, the pornographic Lost Girls, and the prose novel Voice of the Fire. He subsequently returned to the mainstream later in the 1990s, working for Image Comics, before developing America's Best Comics, an imprint through which he published works such as The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen and the occult-based Promethea.
/m/02r96rf	In the context of film and television production, a visual effects supervisor is responsible for achieving the creative aims of the director and/or producers through the use of visual effects. While it is a creative role, most supervisors possess a strong technical background and are capable of making informed decisions about the most efficient and effective technique to employ to solve the problem at hand. Often a supervisor will work in tandem with a visual effects producer and CG Supervisor.\nSupervisors can be employed directly by a film production company or work for a visual effects company. Often there are several VFX supervisors on a project, although there is typically a senior VFX supervisor directing their efforts.\nSpecific responsibilities vary somewhat depending on the nature of the production, however most supervisors:\nHandle a VFX project from conception through to completion\nManage and direct the technical, artistic, and production personnel\nPossess a knowledge of various visual effects techniques with emphasis on camera set-ups and film knowledge with an eye for composition and camera work.\nAccurately predict timing and associated costs of project
/m/02lk1s	Robert Smigel is an American actor, humorist, comedian and writer known for his Saturday Night Live \"TV Funhouse\" cartoon shorts and as the puppeteer and voice behind Triumph, the Insult Comic Dog.
/m/01314k	Kingston University is a public research university located in Kingston upon Thames, southwest London, United Kingdom. It was originally founded in 1899 and became a university in 1992.\nCampuses are located in Kingston and Roehampton. There is a wide range of undergraduate and postgraduate work spread across five faculties, as well as some further education provisions.
/m/017jq	The British Isles are a group of islands off the north-western coast of continental Europe that include the islands of Great Britain, Ireland and over six thousand smaller isles. Two sovereign states are located on the islands: Ireland and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland. The British Isles also include three dependencies of the British Crown: the Isle of Man and, by tradition, the Bailiwick of Jersey and the Bailiwick of Guernsey in the Channel Islands, although the latter are not physically a part of the archipelago.\nThe oldest rocks in the group are in the north west of Scotland, Ireland and North Wales are 2,700 million years old. During the Silurian period the north-western regions collided with the south-east, which had been part of a separate continental landmass. The topography of the islands is modest in scale by global standards. Ben Nevis rises to an elevation of only 1,344 metres, Lough Neagh, which is notably larger than other lakes on the isles, covers 381 square kilometres. The climate is temperate marine, with mild winters and warm summers. The North Atlantic Drift brings significant moisture and raises temperatures 11 °C above the global average for the latitude. This led to a landscape which was long dominated by temperate rainforest, although human activity has since cleared the vast majority of forest cover. The region was re-inhabited after the last glacial period of Quaternary glaciation, by 12,000 BC in Great Britain and 8000 BC in Ireland. At that time, Great Britain was a peninsula of the European continent from which Ireland had become separated to form an island.
/m/0c4qzm	Roland Anderson was an acclaimed movie art director, famous for receiving 15 Academy Award nominations but never winning an Oscar. Anderson's first Oscar nomination was for his first film in 1933, \"A Farewell to Arms\". A frequent collaborator with Cecil B. DeMille - he worked on \"Cleopatra\", \"The Buccaneer\" and \"North West Mounted Police\" - as well as such other classics as \"Holiday Inn\", \"Road to Utopia\", \"Son of Paleface\" and \"Will Penny\".\nThose 15 nominations were for:\n\"A Farewell to Arms\"\n\"Lives of a Bengal Lancer\"\n\"Souls at Sea\"\n\"North West Mounted Police\"\n\"Take a Letter Darling\"\n\"Reap the Wild Wind\"\n\"Love Letters\"\n\"Carrie\"\n\"The Country Girl\"\n\"Red Garters\"\n\"It Started in Naples\"\n\"Breakfast at Tiffany's\"\n\"The Pigeon That Took Rome\"\n\"Love with the Proper Stranger\"\n\"Come Blow Your Horn\"
/m/0mwsh	Dauphin County is a county in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2010 census, the population was 268,100. The county seat and the County's largest city is Harrisburg, Pennsylvania's state/commonwealth capital and tenth largest city. Also located within the county is Three Mile Island Nuclear Generating Station, site of the 1979 nuclear core meltdown.\nDauphin County was created/\"erected\" on March 4, 1785, from part of Lancaster County and was named after Louis-Joseph, Dauphin of France the first son of Louis XVI. Louis-Joseph's title of \"Dauphin\" signified that he was the heir apparent to the throne of the Kingdom of France,. Dauphin County is included in the Harrisburg–Carlisle Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/0n6c_	St. Lawrence County is a county located in the U.S. state of New York. As of the 2010 census, the population was 111,944. The county seat is Canton. The county is named for the Saint Lawrence River, which in turn was named for the Catholic saint on whose Feast day the river was discovered by French explorers. St. Lawrence County is the largest county in New York based on area.
/m/03hh89	Mary Rose Byrne is an Australian actress.\nByrne made her screen debut in 1994 with a small role in the film Dallas Doll. In 2000, she played a leading role in the Australian film The Goddess of 1967, which brought her a Venice Film Festival award for Best Actress.\nFrom 2007 to 2012, she played Ellen Parsons in the cable television series Damages, which earned her two Golden Globe and two Emmy nominations. Along with co-star Glenn Close, she appeared in all of the show's fifty-nine episodes. In 2011, she starred in the critically acclaimed and financially successful films Insidious, X-Men: First Class and Bridesmaids.
/m/03f7nt	Collateral is a 2004 American crime thriller film directed by Michael Mann from a screenplay written by Stuart Beattie, and starring Tom Cruise as a contract killer and Jamie Foxx as a taxi driver who finds himself his hostage. The film is set in Los Angeles, California in January 2004, and the supporting cast includes Jada Pinkett Smith and Mark Ruffalo. Foxx and Cruise's performances were widely praised, with Foxx being nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor.
/m/07tnp	A Unix-like operating system is one that behaves in a manner similar to a Unix system, while not necessarily conforming to or being certified to any version of the Single UNIX Specification.\nThere is no standard for defining the term, and some difference of opinion is possible as to the degree to which a given operating system is \"Unix-like\".\nThe term can include free and open-source operating systems inspired by Bell Labs' Unix or designed to emulate its features, commercial and proprietary work-alikes, and even versions based on the licensed UNIX source code.
/m/04fgzb0	The Daytime Emmy for Outstanding Game Show Host is one of the performance awards awarded annually at the Daytime Emmy Awards ceremony. Game show hosts that host daytime or syndicated game shows are eligible for the award.\nThe now-retired Bob Barker has won more awards in this category than any other host, with 14, while Betty White was the first woman to win the award
/m/07l1c	The New York Times Company is an American media company which publishes its namesake, The New York Times. Arthur Ochs Sulzberger, Jr., has served as Chairman of the Board since 1997. It is headquartered in Midtown Manhattan, New York, New York.
/m/04h68j	James \"Jim\" Wong is a Hong Kong-born American television producer, writer, and film director notable for his screen works of The X-Files, Space: Above and Beyond, Millennium, Dragonball Evolution, Final Destination 1 & 3, The One, and the remakes of Willard and Black Christmas along with writing partner Glen Morgan.
/m/0cymln	Christopher Emmanuel \"Chris\" Paul is an American professional basketball player for the Los Angeles Clippers of the National Basketball Association.\nPaul was born and raised in North Carolina. Despite only playing two varsity basketball seasons in high school, he was a McDonald's All-American and accepted a scholarship with nearby Wake Forest University. After his sophomore year with the Demon Deacons, he declared for the draft. Since being selected 4th overall in the 2005 NBA Draft by the New Orleans Hornets, Paul has been an NBA Rookie of the Year, a seven-time All-Star, an All-Star Game Most Valuable Player, and a multiple-time All-NBA and All-Defensive team honoree. He led the Hornets to the second round of the 2008 NBA Playoffs. He has also won two Olympic gold medals with the United States national basketball team.\nOff the court, Paul enjoys bowling and owns a franchise in the Professional Bowlers Association League. He has participated in numerous celebrity and youth bowling events as the head of the CP3 Foundation, which benefits programs in Louisiana affected by Hurricane Katrina, as well as charities in Winston-Salem.\nOn August 21, 2013, Paul was elected the National Basketball Players Association president.
/m/0qzhw	Eureka is the principal city and county seat of Humboldt County in the Redwood Empire region of California. The city is located on U.S. Route 101 on the shores of Humboldt Bay, 270 miles north of San Francisco and 100 miles south of the Oregon border. At the 2010 census, the population of the city was 27,191, and the population of Greater Eureka was 45,034.\nEureka is the largest west coast city between San Francisco and Portland, and the westernmost city of more than 25,000 residents in the 48 contiguous states. It is the regional center for government, health care, trade, and the arts on the North Coast north of the San Francisco Bay Area. Greater Eureka is the location of the largest deep water port between San Francisco and Coos Bay, a stretch of about 500 miles. The headquarters of both the Six Rivers National Forest and the North Coast Redwoods District of the California State Parks System are in Eureka. As entrepôt for hundreds of lumber mills that once existed in the area, the city played a leading role in the historic West Coast lumber trade. The entire city is a state historic landmark, which has hundreds of significant Victorian homes, including the nationally recognized Carson Mansion, and the city has retained its original 19th century commercial core as a nationally recognized Old Town Historic District. Eureka is home to California's oldest zoo, the Sequoia Park Zoo.
/m/02__x	The Miami Marlins are a professional baseball team based in Miami, Florida and a member of the Eastern Division of Major League Baseball National League. Their home park is Marlins Park.\nThe Miami Marlins began play in the 1993 season as the Florida Marlins. They played home games from their inaugural season to the 2011 season at Sun Life Stadium, which they shared with the Miami Dolphins of the National Football League and which was also called Joe Robbie Stadium, Pro Player Park, Pro Player Stadium, Dolphin Stadium, Dolphins Stadium, and Land Shark Stadium during their tenancy. Since the 2012 season, they have played at Marlins Park in downtown Miami, on the site of the former Orange Bowl. The new park, unlike Sun Life Stadium, was designed foremost as a baseball park. The new park's name is a temporary one until naming rights are purchased. Per agreement with the city and Miami-Dade County, the Marlins officially changed their name to the \"Miami Marlins\" on November 11, 2011. They also adopted a new logo, color scheme, and uniforms.\nThe Marlins have the distinction of winning a World Series championship every year they qualified for the postseason, doing so in 1997 and 2003 — both times as the National League wild card team. They defeated the American League champion Cleveland Indians in the 1997 series, which was notable for shortstop Edgar Rentería driving in second baseman Craig Counsell for the series-clinching run in the eleventh inning of the seventh and deciding game. The 2003 season was notable for the firing of manager Jeff Torborg after thirty-eight games. The Marlins were in last place in the National League East with a 16–22 record at the time. Torborg's successor, 72-year-old Jack McKeon, led them to the National League's wild card berth in the playoffs; they defeated the New York Yankees four games to two in the 2003 World Series.
/m/01b9z4	Joseph Peter \"Joe\" Pantoliano is an American film and television actor. He played the character of Ralph Cifaretto on The Sopranos, Bob Keane in La Bamba, Cypher in The Matrix, Teddy in Memento, Francis Fratelli in The Goonies, Guido \"the Killer Pimp\" in Risky Business, and Jennifer Tilly's violent mobster boyfriend, Caesar, in Bound. He also played Deputy U.S. Marshal Cosmo Renfro in both The Fugitive and U.S. Marshals. He is often referred to as \"Joey Pants\", because of the difficulty some people have pronouncing his Italian surname.
/m/0gs1_	Charles Robert Redford, Jr., better known as Robert Redford, is an American actor, film director, producer, businessman, environmentalist, philanthropist, and founder of the Sundance Film Festival. He has received two Oscars: one in 1981 for directing Ordinary People, and one for Lifetime Achievement in 2002. In 2010, he was awarded French Knighthood in the Legion d'Honneur.
/m/02t__3	Timothy Tarquin Hutton is an American actor and director.\nHe is the youngest actor to win the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor, which he won at the age of 20 for his performance as Conrad Jarrett in Ordinary People. Hutton has since appeared regularly in feature films and on television, with featured roles in Taps, The Falcon and the Snowman, and The Dark Half, among others.\nBetween 2008 and 2012, he starred as Nathan \"Nate\" Ford on the TNT drama series Leverage. The final episode aired on December 25, 2012.
/m/098s2w	Girl, Interrupted is a 1999 drama film, and an adaptation of Susanna Kaysen's 1993 memoir of the same name. The film chronicles Kaysen's 18-month stay at a mental institution. Directed by James Mangold, the film stars Winona Ryder as Kaysen, with a supporting cast that includes Angelina Jolie, Brittany Murphy, Whoopi Goldberg and Vanessa Redgrave.\nGirl, Interrupted was released on December 21, 1999. Despite having received mixed reviews from film critics, they have praised Jolie for her performance and won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress, a Golden Globe Award and Screen Actors Guild Award.
/m/012cph	Samuel Dashiell Hammett was an American author of hard-boiled detective novels and short stories, a screenplay writer, and political activist. Among the enduring characters he created are Sam Spade, Nick and Nora Charles, and the Continental Op.\nIn addition to the significant influence his novels and stories had on film, Hammett \"is now widely regarded as one of the finest mystery writers of all time\" and was called, in his obituary in The New York Times, \"the dean of the... 'hard-boiled' school of detective fiction.\" Time magazine included Hammett's 1929 novel Red Harvest on a list of the 100 best English-language novels published between 1923 and 2005.
/m/037ts6	Sportclub Heerenveen is a Dutch football club currently playing in the Eredivisie, the top level of football in the Netherlands.
/m/02q_cc	Kathleen Kennedy is an American film producer. In 1981, she co-founded Amblin Entertainment with her future husband Frank Marshall and Steven Spielberg. She produced the 1982 film E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial and the Jurassic Park trilogy, the first two of which became two of the top ten highest-grossing films of the 1990s. In terms of domestic box office receipts Kennedy is second only to Spielberg, with over $5.2 billion as of October 2012.\nOn October 30, 2012, she became the president of Lucasfilm and the brand manager of the Star Wars franchise after The Walt Disney Company acquired the company for over $4 billion. It was then announced that the first project under her authority will be Star Wars Episode VII which is scheduled to be released in December 2015.\nOverall, Kennedy's work has included over 60 films, 120 Academy Award nominations, and over $11 billion worldwide including three of the highest grossing films in motion picture history. One of her most recent projects, Lincoln, also produced by Spielberg, was nominated for seven Golden Globes and twelve Academy Awards including Best Picture, Best Director, and Best Actor Daniel Day-Lewis.
/m/0g476	Liza May Minnelli is an American actress, singer and dancer. She is the daughter of singer and actress Judy Garland and film director Vincente Minnelli.\nAlready established as a nightclub singer and musical theatre actress, she first attracted critical acclaim for her dramatic performances in the movies The Sterile Cuckoo, and Tell Me That You Love Me, Junie Moon; Minnelli then rose to international stardom for her appearance as Sally Bowles in the 1972 film version of the Broadway musical Cabaret, for which she won the Academy Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role. She later co-starred in Arthur, starring with Dudley Moore and Sir John Gielgud.\nWhile film projects such as Lucky Lady, A Matter of Time and New York, New York were less favorably received than her stage roles, Minnelli became one of the most versatile, highly regarded and best-selling entertainers in television, beginning with Liza with a Z in 1972, and on stage in the Broadway productions of Flora the Red Menace, The Act and The Rink. Minnelli also toured internationally and did shows such as Liza Minnelli: At Carnegie Hall, Frank, Liza & Sammy: The Ultimate Event, and Liza Live from Radio City Music Hall.
/m/01n8qg	Solomon Islands is a sovereign country consisting of a large number of islands in Oceania lying to the east of Papua New Guinea and northwest of Vanuatu and covering a land area of 28,400 square kilometres. The country's capital, Honiara, is located on the island of Guadalcanal. Solomon Islands should not be confused with the Solomon Islands archipelago, which is a collection of Melanesian islands that includes Solomon Islands and Bougainville Island.\nThe islands have been inhabited for thousands of years. In 1568, the Spanish navigator Álvaro de Mendaña was the first European to visit them, naming them the Islas Salomón. By 1893, the United Kingdom had established a protectorate over what was then known as \"the Solomon Islands\". During the Second World War, the Solomon Islands campaign saw fierce fighting between the United States and the Empire of Japan, such as in the Battle of Guadalcanal.\nSelf-government was achieved in 1976. Independence was obtained two years later with the country adopting the formal name of Solomon Islands. Today, Solomon Islands is a constitutional monarchy with the Queen of Solomon Islands, currently Queen Elizabeth II, as its head of state. Gordon Lilo Darcy is the eleventh and current Prime Minister of the Solomon Islands.
/m/024c1b	Republic Pictures was an American independent film production-distribution corporation with studio facilities, operating from 1935 through 1959, and was best known for specializing in westerns, movie serials and B films emphasizing mystery and action.\nThe studio was also responsible for financing and distributing one Shakespeare film, Orson Welles' Macbeth, and several of the films of John Ford during the 1940s and early 1950s. It was also notable for developing the careers of John Wayne, Gene Autry and Roy Rogers.
/m/018ndc	Dixie Chicks are an American country music band which has also crossed over into other genres. The band is composed of founding members Martie Erwin Maguire and Emily Erwin Robison, and lead singer Natalie Maines. The band formed in 1989 in Dallas, Texas, and was originally composed of four women performing bluegrass and country music, busking and touring the bluegrass festival circuits and small venues for six years without attracting a major label. After the departure of one bandmate, the replacement of their lead singer, and a slight change in their repertoire, Dixie Chicks soon achieved commercial success, beginning in 1998 with hit songs \"There's Your Trouble\" and \"Wide Open Spaces\".\nDuring a London concert ten days before the 2003 invasion of Iraq, lead vocalist Maines said, \"we don't want this war, this violence, and we're ashamed that the President of the United States is from Texas\". The positive reaction to this statement from the British audience contrasted with the boycotts that ensued in the U.S., where the band was assaulted by talk-show conservatives, while their albums were discarded in public protest.\nAs of 2012, Dixie Chicks had won 13 Grammy Awards, including five in 2007 for Taking the Long Way—which received the Grammy Award for Album of the Year—and \"Not Ready to Make Nice\", a single from that album. By May 2013, with 30.5 million certified albums sold, and sales of 27.2 million albums in the U.S. alone, they had become the top selling all-female band and biggest selling country group in the U.S. during the Nielsen SoundScan era.
/m/01dq5z	Carleton College is an independent non-sectarian, coeducational, liberal arts college in Northfield, Minnesota. The college enrolls 2,055 undergraduate students, and employs 220 full-time faculty members. In its 2014 edition of college rankings, U.S. News & World Report ranked Carleton College the seventh-best liberal arts college in the United States and ranked Carleton number one for undergraduate teaching at a national liberal arts college.
/m/01_srz	Mixed-sex education, also known as coeducation or mixed-gender education, is the integrated education of male and female students in the same environment. This and single-sex education are alternatives, and both are extensively used around the world. There have been many arguments and studies that compare single-sex and mixed-sex education to argue for one or other. Many older institutions of higher education were previously reserved for one sex but have now changed to become coeducational.
/m/05zrx3v	Gary Lucchesi is a film producer.
/m/03ndd	The hammered dulcimer is a stringed musical instrument with the strings stretched over a trapezoidal sounding board. Typically, the hammered dulcimer is set on a stand, at an angle, before the musician, who holds small mallet hammers in each hand to strike the strings. The Graeco-Roman dulcimer derives from the Latin dulcis and the Greek melos. The dulcimer, in which the strings are beaten with small hammers, originated from the psaltery, in which the strings are plucked.\nVarious types of hammered dulcimers are traditionally played in Iraq, India, Iran, Southwest Asia, China, and parts of Southeast Asia, Central Europe, the Balkans, Eastern Europe and Scandinavia. The instrument is also played in the United Kingdom and the U.S., where its traditional use in folk music saw a notable revival in the late 20th century.
/m/03shpq	The Manchurian Candidate is a 2004 American thriller film based on the 1959 novel of the same name by Richard Condon, and a reimagining of the previous 1962 film.\nThe film stars Denzel Washington as Bennett Marco, a tenacious, virtuous soldier; Liev Schreiber as Raymond Shaw, a U.S. Representative from New York, manipulated into becoming a vice-presidential candidate; Jon Voight as Tom Jordan, a U.S. Senator and challenger for vice president and Meryl Streep as Eleanor Prentiss Shaw, also a senator and the manipulative, ruthless mother of Raymond Shaw.
/m/06cgy	Robert De Niro is an American actor, director, producer, and voice actor. His first major film roles were in Bang the Drum Slowly and Mean Streets, both in 1973. Then in 1974, after not receiving the role of Michael Corleone in The Godfather, he was cast as the young Vito Corleone in The Godfather Part II, a role for which he won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor.\nHis longtime collaboration with director Martin Scorsese began with Mean Streets, and later earned De Niro an Academy Award for Best Actor for his portrayal of Jake LaMotta in the 1980 film Raging Bull. He earned nominations for Taxi Driver in 1976 and Cape Fear in 1991. De Niro received additional Academy Award nominations for Michael Cimino's The Deer Hunter, Penny Marshall's Awakenings, and David O. Russell's Silver Linings Playbook. His portrayal of gangster Jimmy Conway in Scorsese's Goodfellas earned him a BAFTA nomination in 1990.\nDe Niro has earned four nominations for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy, for his work in New York, New York, Midnight Run, Analyze This, and Meet the Parents. He has also simultaneously directed and starred in films such as 1993's A Bronx Tale and 2006's The Good Shepherd. De Niro has received accolades for his career, including the AFI Life Achievement Award and the Golden Globe Cecil B. DeMille Award.
/m/0fr0t	Tucson is a city in and the county seat of Pima County, Arizona, United States, and home to the University of Arizona. The 2010 United States Census puts the city's population at 520,116, while the 2012 estimated population of the entire Tucson metropolitan area was 992,394. The Tucson MSA forms part of the larger Tucson-Nogales combined statistical area, with a total population of 980,263 as of the 2010 Census. Tucson is the second-largest populated city in Arizona behind Phoenix, which both anchor the Arizona Sun Corridor. The city is located 108 miles southeast of Phoenix and 60 mi north of the U.S.-Mexico border. Tucson is the 33rd largest city and the 52nd largest metropolitan area in the United States. Roughly 150 Tucson companies are involved in the design and manufacture of optics and optoelectronics systems, earning Tucson the nickname Optics Valley.\nMajor incorporated suburbs of Tucson include Oro Valley and Marana northwest of the city, Sahuarita south of the city, and South Tucson in an enclave south of downtown. Communities in the vicinity of Tucson include Casas Adobes, Catalina Foothills, Flowing Wells, Tanque Verde, Tortolita, and Vail. Towns outside the Tucson metro area include Benson to the southeast, Catalina and Oracle to the north, and Green Valley to the south.
/m/051z6rz	Craig Barron is an American visual-effects supervisor who specializes in seamless matte painting effects. He is also a filmmaker, entrepreneur, and film historian. Barron is a member of the Academy Board of Governors, representing the visual effects branch.
/m/081jbk	Hilary Haag Scarborough is an American voice actress who works for ADV Films/Seraphim Digital and currently lives in Houston, Texas. Attended Lamar Consolidated High School and went on to study English Rhetoric at Texas A&M University.\nMoved and lived in Los Angeles for almost 2 years after college, but moved back to Houston where she grew up. Because of her unique natural child like voice she is often given the roles of younger female characters.
/m/0jgm8	Collier County is a county located in the U.S. state of Florida. As of the 2010 census, the population was 321,520. Its county seat is Naples.\nCollier County is coextensive with the Naples-Marco Island, Florida Metropolitan Statistical Area, a metropolitan statistical area designated by the Office of Management and Budget and used for statistical purposes by the Census Bureau and other agencies. Naples and Marco Island are designated as the MSA's principal cities. The Naples, Florida Metropolitan Statistical Area was first defined in 1990. Marco Island was added as a principal city and the name changed to its present form in 2003.
/m/02184q	Michael Ironside is a Canadian actor. He has also worked as a voice actor, producer, film director, and screenwriter in movie and television series in various Canadian and American productions. He is best known for playing villains and \"tough guy\" heroes, though he has also portrayed sympathetic characters. Ironside is a method actor, who stays in character between takes.
/m/02rhfsc	Alex Graves is an American film director, television director, television producer and screenwriter.
/m/015qyf	James Allen Whitmore, Jr. was an American film, theatre and television actor. He won a Golden Globe Award and an Emmy Award, and was nominated for two Academy Awards.
/m/02pxmgz	The Happening is a 2008 American supernatural thriller film written, co-produced, and directed by M. Night Shyamalan, that follows a man, his wife, his best friend, and his friend's daughter as they try to escape from an inexplicable natural disaster. The plot revolves around a cryptic neurotoxin that causes anyone exposed to it to commit suicide. The protagonist, a science teacher named Elliot Moore, attempts to escape from the mystery substance with his friends as hysteria grips the East Coast of the United States. It was advertised as being Shyamalan's first R-rated film, and received mostly negative reviews from film critics.
/m/0h53c_5	The Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Talk Show was an award presented annually from 1974–2007 at the Daytime Emmy Awards. In 2008, the award was discontinued and replaced by two new specific categories, Outstanding Talk Show—Informative and Outstanding Talk Show—Entertainment, to split the competition between talk shows that are more informative in nature, and those that are more entertainment in nature.\nIn the lists below, the winner of the award for each year is shown first, followed by the other nominees.
/m/0jm_	American football is a sport played by two teams of eleven players on a rectangular field 120 yards long by 53.33 yards wide with goalposts at each end. The offense attempts to advance an oval ball down the field by running with or passing it. They must advance it at least ten yards in four downs to receive a new set of four downs and continue the drive; if not, they turn over the football to the opposing team. Most points are scored by advancing the ball into the opposing team's end zone for a touchdown or kicking the ball through the opponent's goalposts for a field goal. The team with the most points at the end of a game wins.\nAmerican football evolved in the United States, originating from the sport of rugby football. The first game of American football was played on November 6, 1869, between two college teams, Rutgers and Princeton, under rules resembling rugby and soccer. A set of rule changes drawn up from 1880 onward by Walter Camp, the \"Father of American Football\", established the snap, eleven-player teams and the concept of downs, and later rule changes legalized the forward pass, created the neutral zone and specified the size and shape of the football.
/m/01yd8v	Bridget Jane Fonda is an American former actress. She is known for her roles in such films as The Godfather Part III, Single White Female, Point of No Return, It Could Happen to You, and Jackie Brown. She also provides the voice for Jenna in the 1995 animated feature film Balto. She is the daughter of Peter Fonda, niece of Jane Fonda and granddaughter of Henry Fonda.
/m/06cgf	The Rocky Horror Picture Show is a 1975 British musical comedy horror film and an adaptation of The Rocky Horror Show, a musical stage play, book, music, and lyrics by Richard O'Brien, who appears in the film as Riff Raff. Directed by Jim Sharman from a screenplay by Sharman and O'Brien, the production is a humorous tribute to the science fiction and horror B movies of the late 1940s through early 1970s. It stars Tim Curry, Susan Sarandon and Barry Bostwick along with cast members from the original Kings Road production presented at the Royal Court Theatre, London, in 1973.\nStill in limited release nearly four decades after its premiere, it has the longest-running theatrical release in film history. It gained notoriety as a midnight movie in 1977 when audiences began participating with the film in theatres. The film has a large international cult following and is one of the most well-known and financially successful midnight movies of all time. In 2005, the film was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant\".
/m/07w5rq	The University of Dhaka, is the oldest university in modern Bangladesh. Established during the British Raj in 1921, it gained a reputation as the \"Oxford of the East\" during its early years and has been a significant contributor to the modern history of Bangladesh. After the partition of India, it became the focal point of progressive and democratic movements in Pakistan. Its students and teachers played a central role in the rise of Bengali nationalism and the independence of Bangladesh.\nThe university's distinguished alumni include Satyendra Nath Bose, Fazlur Rahman Khan, Muhammad Yunus, Vijayaraghavan, Buddhadeb Bose, Rehman Sobhan, Abdus Suttar Khan, Shamsur Rahman,Humayun Azad Humayun Ahmed, Muhammed Zafar Iqbal and Sheikh Mujibur Rahman. It also enjoyed associations with Kazi Nazrul Islam, Rabindranath Tagore and Faiz Ahmed Faiz.
/m/0gj8t_b	Rock of Ages is a 2012 American romantic musical comedy film directed by Adam Shankman. The film is an adaptation of the 2006 rock jukebox Broadway musical of the same name by Chris D'Arienzo. Originally scheduled to enter production in summer 2010 for a 2011 release, it eventually started production in May 2011 and was released on June 15, 2012.\nThe film stars country singer Julianne Hough and Diego Boneta leading an ensemble cast that includes Russell Brand, Paul Giamatti, Catherine Zeta-Jones, Malin Åkerman, Mary J. Blige, Bryan Cranston, Alec Baldwin, and Tom Cruise. The film features the music of several 1980s rock artists including Def Leppard, Journey, Scorpions, Poison, Foreigner, Guns N' Roses, Pat Benatar, Joan Jett, Bon Jovi, David Lee Roth, Twisted Sister, Whitesnake, and others.
/m/07g_0c	The Weather Man is a 2005 American comedy-drama film, directed by Gore Verbinski. Written by Steve Conrad, it stars Nicolas Cage, Michael Caine and Hope Davis, and tells the story of a weatherman in the midst of a mid-life crisis.\nReleased on October 28, 2005, the film had a total gross of just over $19 million worldwide. It received mixed reviews from critics.
/m/0139q5	Maggie Cheung, also known as Cheung Man-yuk, is a Hong Kong actress. Raised in England and Hong Kong, she has over 70 films to her credit since starting her career in 1983. Some of her most commercially successful work was in the action genre, but Cheung once said in an interview that of all the work she has done, the films that really meant something to her are Song of Exile, Center Stage, Comrades: Almost a Love Story and In the Mood for Love. As Emily Wang in Clean, her last starring role to date, she became the first Asian actress to win a prize at the Cannes Film Festival. Cheung's native language is Cantonese, but she is multilingual, having learned to speak English, Mandarin and French.
/m/05sbv3	Gigi is a 1958 American Metrocolor musical romantic comedy film directed by Vincente Minnelli. The screenplay by Alan Jay Lerner is based on the 1944 novella of the same name by Colette. The film features songs with lyrics by Lerner; music by Frederick Loewe, arranged and conducted by André Previn.\nIn 1991, Gigi was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant.\" The American Film Institute ranked it #35 in AFI's 100 Years...100 Passions. The film is considered the last great MGM musical and the final great achievement of the Freed Unit, headed by producer Arthur Freed, although he would go on to produce several more films, including the musical Bells Are Ringing in 1960. The film was the basis for an unsuccessful stage musical produced on Broadway in 1973.\nA pre-Broadway production of the musical, newly adapted by Heidi Thomas and directed by Eric D. Schaeffer is planned to run the Kennedy Center in January 2015.
/m/0jmj	Alan Alda is an American actor, director, screenwriter, and author. A six-time Emmy Award and Golden Globe Award winner, he is best known for his starring roles as Hawkeye Pierce in the TV series M*A*S*H and Arnold Vinick in The West Wing, and his supporting role in the 2004 film The Aviator, for which he was nominated for an Academy Award. He is currently a Visiting Professor at the State University of New York at Stony Brook School of Journalism and a member of the advisory board of The Center for Communicating Science. He serves on the board of the World Science Festival and is a judge for Math-O-Vision.
/m/02lgfh	Steven Ralph \"Steve\" Schirripa is an American stand-up comedian, actor, producer, author, singer, animator, voice artist, and comedian. He is best known for portraying Bobby Baccalieri on The Sopranos. Schirripa is the host of two Investigation Discovery series Karma's a B*tch! and Nothing Personal. He was a regular cast member of The Secret Life of the American Teenager and the voice of Roberto in the Open Season franchise. Schirripa has also done commercials for Lamisal and Dick's Sporting Goods.
/m/02bkdn	Allison Brooks Janney is an American actress. She played White House Press Secretary C.J. Cregg on the television series The West Wing, a role for which she won four Primetime Emmy Awards, a Satellite Award and four Screen Actors Guild Awards and was nominated for four Golden Globe Awards, an AFI Award and a further two Primetime Emmy Awards, one Satellite Award and seven Screen Actors Guild Awards.\nHer films include Big Night, Primary Colors, Drop Dead Gorgeous, 10 Things I Hate About You, American Beauty, The Hours, Finding Nemo, Hairspray, Juno, The Help, and The Way Way Back. Currently she stars in the CBS sitcom Mom as Bonnie Plunkett.
/m/02lbc	Erfurt is the capital city of Thuringia and the main city nearest to the geographical centre of Germany, located 100 kilometres south-west of Leipzig, 150 km north of Nuremberg and 180 km south east of Hanover. Together with neighboring cities Weimar and Jena it forms the central metropolitan area of Thuringia with approximately 500,000 inhabitants. Notable institutions in Erfurt are the Federal Labour Court of Germany, the University of Erfurt and the Fachhochschule Erfurt as well as the Roman Catholic Diocese of Erfurt with Erfurt Cathedral as one of the main sights. Further famous buildings are the Krämerbrücke, a bridge completely covered with dwellings, and Erfurt Synagogue which was established in the 11th century and is the oldest standing synagogue in Europe. Furthermore, the medieval city centre consists of old timber-framed houses and about 25 Gothic churches.\nErfurt was first mentioned in 742, as Saint Boniface founded the diocese. Although the town did not belong to one of the Thuringian states politically, it quickly became the economic centre of the region. Until the Napoleonic era it was part of the Electorate of Mainz and afterwards it belonged to Prussia until 1945. The university was founded in 1392, closed in 1816 and reestablished after German reunification in 1994. It is one of the oldest universities in Germany. Martin Luther was the most famous student of the institution. Other famous Erfurtians are the medieval theologian Meister Eckhart, the Baroque composer Johann Pachelbel, the sociologist Max Weber and Gunda Niemann-Stirnemann, the most successful speed skater of all time.
/m/01d494	Richard McKay Rorty was an American philosopher. Educated at the University of Chicago and Yale University, he had strong interests and training in both the history of philosophy and contemporary analytic philosophy, the latter of which came to comprise the main focus of his work at Princeton University in the 1960s. He subsequently came to reject the tradition of philosophy according to which knowledge concerns correctly representing a world whose existence remains wholly independent of those representations. Rorty had a long and diverse academic career, including positions as Stuart Professor of Philosophy at Princeton University, Kenan Professor of Humanities at the University of Virginia, and Professor of Comparative Literature at Stanford University. His best known books are Philosophy and the Mirror of Nature and Contingency, Irony, and Solidarity.\nRorty saw the idea of knowledge as a \"mirror of nature\" as pervasive throughout the history of western philosophy. Against this approach, Rorty advocated for a novel form of American pragmatism, sometimes called neopragmatism, in which scientific and philosophical methods form merely a set of contingent \"vocabularies\" which people abandon or adopt over time according to social conventions and usefulness. Abandoning representationalist accounts of knowledge and language, Rorty believed, would lead to a state of mind he referred to as \"ironism\", in which people become completely aware of the contingency of their placement in history and of their philosophical vocabulary. Rorty tied this brand of philosophy to the notion of \"social hope\"; he believed that without the representationalist accounts, and without metaphors between the mind and the world, human society would behave more peacefully. He also emphasized the reasons why the interpretation of culture as conversation, constitutes the crucial concept of a \"postphilosophical\" culture determined to abandon representationalist accounts of traditional epistemology, incorporating American pragmatist naturalism that considers the natural sciences as an advance towards liberalism.
/m/074tb5	Dermot Mulroney is an American actor and director. Acting since the 1980s, he is known for his roles in the films Young Guns, Where the Day Takes You, My Best Friend's Wedding, and About Schmidt.
/m/05lfwd	Grey's Anatomy is an American television medical drama that premiered on the American Broadcasting Company as a mid-season replacement on March 27, 2005. The series has aired ten seasons, and focuses on the fictional lives of surgical interns and residents as they gradually evolve into seasoned doctors, while trying to maintain personal lives. The title is a play on the name Gray's Anatomy, an English-language human anatomy textbook originally written by Henry Gray. Earlier editions were called Anatomy: Descriptive and Surgical, but the book's name is commonly shortened to, and later editions are titled, Gray's Anatomy. The show's premise originated with Shonda Rhimes, who serves as an executive producer, along with Betsy Beers, Mark Gordon, Krista Vernoff, Rob Corn, Mark Wilding, and Allan Heinberg. The series was created to be racially diverse, utilizing a color-blind casting technique. While the show is set in Seattle, it is primarily filmed in Los Angeles, California.\nThe series' protagonist is Dr. Meredith Grey, who originally is accepted into the residency program at the fictional Seattle Grace Hospital. Meredith is assigned to work under Dr. Miranda Bailey, along with Dr. Cristina Yang, Dr. George O'Malley, Dr. Izzie Stevens, and Dr. Alex Karev. Following O'Malley's death and Stevens' departure, the hospital's merger with Mercy West brings in Dr. Jackson Avery and Dr. April Kepner, in the sixth season.
/m/090q32	Offenbacher Fußball-Club Kickers 1901 e. V., commonly known as Kickers Offenbach, is a German association football club in Offenbach am Main, Hesse. The club was founded on 27 May 1901 in the Rheinischer Hof restaurant by footballers who had left established local clubs including Melitia, Teutonia, Viktoria, Germania and Neptun. From 1921 to 1925 they were united with VfB 1900 Offenbach as VfR Kickers Offenbach until resuming their status as a separate side, Offenbacher FC Kickers. Since 2012, Kickers Offenbach's stadium has been the Sparda Bank Hessen Stadium.
/m/09z2b7	The Wings of the Dove is a 1997 U.S.-British drama film directed by Iain Softley and starring Helena Bonham Carter, Linus Roache, and Alison Elliott. The screenplay by Hossein Amini is based on the 1902 novel of the same name by Henry James. The film was nominated for four Academy Awards and five BAFTAs, recognizing Bonham Carter's performance, the screenplay, costume design and the cinematography.
/m/047wh1	Planet of the Apes is a 2001 American science fiction film, based on Pierre Boulle's novel and a loose remake of the 1968 film of the same name. Tim Burton directed the film, which stars Mark Wahlberg, Tim Roth, Helena Bonham Carter, Michael Clarke Duncan, Paul Giamatti, and Estella Warren. It tells the story of astronaut Leo Davidson crash-landing on a planet inhabited by intelligent apes. The apes treat humans as slaves, but with the help of an ape named Ari, Leo starts a rebellion.\nDevelopment for a Planet of the Apes remake started as far back as 1988 with Adam Rifkin. His project nearly reached the pre-production stage before being canceled. Terry Hayes's script, titled Return of the Apes, would have starred Arnold Schwarzenegger, under the direction of Phillip Noyce. Oliver Stone, Don Murphy, and Jane Hamsher were set to produce. Creative differences ensued between Hayes and financier/distributor 20th Century Fox. Chris Columbus, Sam Hamm, James Cameron, Peter Jackson, and the Hughes brothers later became involved.\nWith William Broyles, Jr.'s script, Tim Burton was hired as director, and the film was put into active development. Lawrence Konner and Mark Rosenthal rewrote the script, and filming took place from November 2000 to April 2001. Planet of the Apes was released to mixed reviews, but was a financial success. Much criticism focused on the confusing plot and ending, although Rick Baker's prosthetic makeup designs were praised. Despite the film's financial success, 20th Century Fox chose not to produce a sequel, and instead rebooted the Planet of the Apes franchise altogether in 2011 with Rise of the Planet of the Apes.
/m/01g4yw	Middlesex University is a university in Hendon, North London, England. It is located within the historic county boundaries of Middlesex from which it takes its name. It is one of the new universities and is a member of Million+ working group. As is the case with many former polytechnics, Middlesex was formally organised as a teaching institution relatively recently, yet can trace its history back to 19th century.\nSince 2000, the university has been reducing the number of campuses dotted around London’s North Circular Road in an effort to cut costs and provide a better student experience by consolidating most of the university at the flagship campus in Hendon. As of the 2013 academic year, its estate strategy which has cost £150 million has now concentrated the university on one site in north London.\nIn 2012 the university re-structured its academic schools in order to align them more closely with the needs of industry. Courses at Middlesex are now delivered by the schools of Business, Law, Art and Design, Health and Education, Media and Performing Arts and Science and Technology, alongside the university’s Institute for Work Based Learning.
/m/0114m0	La Crosse is a city in and the county seat of La Crosse County, Wisconsin, United States. The city lies alongside the Mississippi River and remains the largest city on Wisconsin's western border.\nAs of the 2012 census estimate the population was 51,647. The city forms the core of, and is the principal city in the La Crosse Metropolitan Statistical Area, which includes all of La Crosse County and Houston County, Minnesota, with a combined population of 135,298. La Crosse is home to the highly ranked University of Wisconsin-La Crosse, private Viterbo University, and Western Technical College.
/m/01wb7	A church building, often simply called a church, is a building used for religious activities, particularly worship services. The term in its architectural sense is most often used by Christians to refer to their religious buildings but can be used by other religions. In traditional Christian architecture, the church is often arranged in the shape of a Christian cross. When viewed from plan view the longest part of a cross is represented by the aisle and the junction of the cross is located at the altar area. Towers or domes are often added with the intention of directing the eye of the viewer towards the heavens and inspiring church visitors. Modern church buildings have a variety of architectural styles and layouts; many buildings that were designed for other purposes have now been converted for church use; and, similarly, many original church buildings have been put to other uses.
/m/02t__l	Joel Grey is an American actor, singer, dancer, and photographer. He is best known for portraying the Master of Ceremonies in both the stage and film versions of the Kander & Ebb musical Cabaret. He has won the Academy Award, Tony Award, and Golden Globe Award. He also originated the role of George M. Cohan in the musical George M! in 1973, and the Wizard of Oz in the musical Wicked. He also starred as Moonface Martin in the Broadway revivals of Anything Goes, and as Amos Hart in Chicago.
/m/0gv07g	Theodore Shapiro is an American composer.
/m/01s0ps	An electric piano is an electric musical instrument.\nElectric pianos produce sounds mechanically and the sounds are turned into electrical signals by pickups. Unlike a synthesizer, the electric piano is not an electronic instrument, but electro-mechanical. The earliest electric pianos were invented in the late 1920s; the 1929 Neo-Bechstein electric grand piano was among the first. Probably the earliest stringless model was Lloyd Loar's Vivi-Tone Clavier.\nEarly electric piano recordings include Duke Ellington's in 1955 and Sun Ra's India as well as other tracks from the 1956 sessions included on his second album Super Sonic Jazz.\nThe popularity of the electric piano began to grow in the late 1950s after Ray Charles's famous 1959 hit record \"What'd I Say,\" reaching its height during the 1970s, after which they were progressively displaced by electronic pianos capable of piano-like sounds without the disadvantages of moving mechanical parts. Many types were initially designed for home or school use including use in school or college piano labs for the simultaneous tuition of several students using headphones. Another factor driving their development and acceptance was the progressive electrification of popular music and the need for a portable keyboard instrument capable of amplification. Musicians adopted a number of types of domestic electric pianos encouraging their manufacturers to evolve them for stage use and then subsequently develop models primarily intended for stage use.
/m/0184jw	Curtis Lee Hanson is an American film director, film producer and screenwriter. His directing work includes The Hand That Rocks the Cradle, L.A. Confidential, Wonder Boys, 8 Mile, and In Her Shoes.
/m/0flsf	Arnhem is a city and municipality, situated in the eastern part of the Netherlands. It is the capital of the province of Gelderland and located on both banks of the river Nederrijn as well as on the Sint-Jansbeek, which was the source of the city's development. Arnhem has more than 150,000 residents as one of the larger cities of the Netherlands. The municipality is part of the city region Arnhem-Nijmegen, a metropolitan area with 736,500 inhabitants. Arnhem is home to the Hogeschool van Arnhem en Nijmegen and ArtEZ Institute of the Arts.
/m/02ch1w	Madeline Kahn was an American actress, comedienne and singer. She was best known for her comedic roles in such films as Blazing Saddles, Paper Moon, Young Frankenstein, History of the World, Part I, What's Up, Doc?, and Clue.
/m/0214m4	Bromley is a district of South East London, England and the administrative headquarters of the London Borough of Bromley. It was historically a market town chartered since 1158 and an ancient parish in the county of Kent. Its location on a coaching route and the opening of a railway station in 1858 were key to its development, and the economic history of Bromley is underpinned by a shift from an agrarian village to commerce and retail. As part of the suburban growth of London in the 20th century, Bromley significantly increased in population and was incorporated as a municipal borough in 1903. It has developed into one of a handful of regionally significant commercial and retail districts outside central London and has formed part of Greater London since 1965. The area is identified in the London Plan as being one of 12 Metropolitan Centres of Greater London.
/m/04x56	Michael John Moorcock is an English writer, primarily of science fiction and fantasy, who has also published literary novels.\nAs editor of the controversial British science fiction magazine New Worlds, from May 1964 until March 1971 and then again from 1976 to 1996, Moorcock fostered the development of the science fiction \"New Wave\" in the UK and indirectly in the United States. His publication of Bug Jack Barron by Norman Spinrad as a serial novel was notorious; in Parliament some British MPs condemned the Arts Council for funding the magazine.\nIn 2008, The Times newspaper named Moorcock in their list of \"The 50 greatest British writers since 1945\".
/m/05jfx9	The Committee on Energy and Commerce is one of the oldest standing committees of the United States House of Representatives. Established in 1795, it has operated continuously—with various name changes and jurisdictional changes—for more than 200 years. The two other House standing committees with such continuous operation are the House Ways and Means Committee and the House Rules Committee. The Committee has served as the principal guide for the House in matters relating to the promotion of commerce and to the public’s health and marketplace interests, with the relatively recent addition of energy considerations among them.
/m/0tlq9	Monroe is the eighth-largest city in the U.S State of Louisiana. it is the parish seat of Ouachita Parish. In the official 2010 census, Monroe had a population of 48,815. The municipal population declined by 8.1 percent over the past decade; it was 53,107 in the 2000 census. After a recheck in 2012, the Census Bureau changed the 2010 population from 48,815 to 49,147. Mayor Jamie Mayo, however, maintains that the Monroe population is more than 50,000 and indicated that he will pursue a continued challenge to the count.\nMonroe is the principal city of the Monroe Metropolitan Statistical Area, which includes the parishes of Ouachita and Union. The two-parish area had a total population of 170,053 in 2000 and an estimated population of 172,275 as of July 1, 2007. The larger Monroe-Bastrop Combined Statistical Area is composed of both the Monroe Metropolitan Statistical Area and the Bastrop Micropolitan Statistical Area. The CSA had a population of 201,074 in 2000.\nMonroe and the neighboring city of West Monroe, which sits just across the Ouachita River, are often referred to as the Twin Cities of northeast Louisiana.
/m/02zrv7	Andrew Roane \"Andy\" Dick is an American comedian, actor, musician and television/film producer. He is best known as a comic but is also known for his eccentric and controversial behavior. His first regular television role was on the short-lived but influential Ben Stiller Show. In the mid-1990s, he had a long-running stint on NBC's NewsRadio and was a supporting character on Less than Perfect. He briefly had his own program, The Andy Dick Show on MTV, and he is also noted for his outlandish behavior from a number of Comedy Central Roasts. He also landed in 7th place on the 16th season of Dancing with the Stars.
/m/05q2c	Occidental College is a private, co-educational liberal arts college located in the historic Eagle Rock neighborhood of Los Angeles, California. Founded in 1887 by clergy and members of the Presbyterian Church, Occidental College is called Oxy by some students and alumni.\nThe Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching selected Occidental as a \"community engagement institution\".
/m/01l_9d	Rio Grande do Sul is the southernmost state in Brazil, and the state with the fourth highest Human Development Index in the country, and the third and last in the Brazilian South Region, with by far the highest standard of living. In this state is located the southernmost city in the country, Chuí, on the border with Uruguay. In the region of Bento Gonçalves and Caxias do Sul, the largest wine producing center in Brazil, the attraction is Italian gastronomy. Besides the European influence, the gaúchos, or inhabitants of Rio Grande do Sul, strongly cultivate the traditions of the Pampas – region of the border with Uruguay and Argentina – such as drinking mate, eating the typical barbecue, known as churrasco, and the traditional clothes are the bombachas, boots and large hats. Although the majority of the population dresses non-traditionally, there is a widespread value for tradition and culture, which renders the image of \"cultural zealots\" sometimes attributed to the gaúchos.
/m/0515zg	Sporting du Pays de Charleroi is a Belgian football club based in the city of Charleroi, in the province of Hainaut. Charleroi plays in the Belgian Pro League and their current spell at the highest level in Belgian football has started in the 1985–86 season. Charleroi was founded in 1904 and they first reached the first division in 1947–48. Their highest finish was runner-up in the 1968–69 season. They also reached twice the Belgian Cup final, losing in 1977-78 to Beveren and in 1992-93 to Standard Liège.\nSporting Charleroi have a long-standing rivalry with city other club ROC de Charleroi-Marchienne, currently playing in the third division. Charleroi play their home matches at the Stade du Pays de Charleroi, which was refurbished for the UEFA Euro 2000. The stadium hosted 3 group stage games in the Euro 2000 among which the 1-0 victory of England against Germany. Charleroi have been recruiting several French players in recent years, including Michaël Ciani, Cyril Théréau and goalkeeper Bertrand Laquait.
/m/01gjqb	Indian classical music refers to the art music of the Indian subcontinent. The origins of Indian classical music can be found in the Vedas, which are the oldest scriptures in the Hindu tradition. The Samaveda was derived from the Rigveda so that its hymns could be sung as Samagana. These hymns were sung by Udgatar priests at sacrifices in which the Soma ritual drink, clarified and mixed with milk and other ingredients, was offered in libation to various deities. This chanting style evolved into jatis and eventually into ragas. Indian classical music has also been significantly influenced by, or syncretised with, Indian folk music. Bharat's Natyashastra was the first treatise laying down fundamental principles of dance, music, and drama.\nIndian classical music is both elaborate and expressive. Like Western classical music, it divides the octave into 12 semitones of which the 7 basic notes are, in ascending tonal order, Sa Re Ga Ma Pa Dha Ni Sa for Hindustani music and Sa Ri Ga Ma Pa Da Ni Sa for Carnatic music, similar to Western music's Do Re Mi Fa Sol La Ti Do. However, Indian music uses just-intonation tuning, unlike most modern Western classical music, which uses the equal-temperament tuning system. Also, unlike modern Western classical music, Indian classical music places great emphasis on improvisation.
/m/05qhnq	Michael John Harvey is an Australian rock musician, singer-songwriter, composer, arranger and record producer. A multi-instrumentalist, he is best known for his long-term collaborations with Nick Cave, with whom he formed The Boys Next Door, The Birthday Party and Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds.
/m/01y81r	Network Ten is the third Australian commercial free-to-air television network. Network Ten is the fourth of all the five national free-to-air networks in Australia. Owned-and-operated stations can be found in Sydney, Melbourne, Brisbane, Adelaide and Perth, while affiliates extend the network to cover most of the country.
/m/0184jc	Guy Edward Pearce is an English-born Australian actor and musician, known for his roles in The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert, L.A. Confidential, Memento, The King's Speech, Lockout, Prometheus, and Iron Man 3. He also played Mike Young in the Australian television series Neighbours, and has won an Emmy Award and received nominations for Golden Globe Awards, Screen Actors Guild Awards, and Saturn Awards.
/m/021gzd	The Civil War is a documentary film created by Ken Burns about the American Civil War. It was first broadcast on PBS on five consecutive nights from September 23 to 27, 1990. Approximately 40 million viewers watched it during its initial broadcast, making it the most-watched program ever to air on PBS. It was subsequently awarded more than 40 major television and film honors. The film was remastered on the twelfth anniversary of its release, and a book following the movie has also been released. The nation was captivated by the film, which drew praise from President George H. W. Bush.
/m/04jhp	Lund University is one of Europe's oldest universities and one of Scandinavia's largest institutions for education and research, consistently ranked among the world's top 100 universities. The university, located in the city of Lund in the province of Scania, Sweden, traces its roots back to 1425, when a Franciscan studium generale was founded in Lund next to the Lund Cathedral, arguably making it the oldest institution of higher education in Scandinavia followed by studia generalia in Uppsala in 1477 and Copenhagen in 1479. The current university was however not founded until 1666 after Sweden acquired Scania in the 1658 peace agreement with Denmark.\nLund University has eight faculties, with additional campuses in the cities of Malmö and Helsingborg, with 47,000 students in more than 280 different programmes and around 2,250 separate courses. The University has some 680 partner universities in over 50 countries and it belongs to the League of European Research Universities as well as the global Universitas 21 network.\nTwo major facilities for materials research are currently under construction in Lund: MAX IV, which will be a world-leading synchrotron radiation laboratory and European Spallation Source, a European facility that will be home to the world’s most powerful neutron source.
/m/02vjhf	Degrassi: The Next Generation is a Canadian teen drama television series set in the Degrassi universe, which was created by Linda Schuyler and Kit Hood in 1979. Degrassi is the fourth fictional series in the Degrassi franchise, following The Kids of Degrassi Street, Degrassi Junior High, and Degrassi High.\nLike its predecessors, Degrassi: The Next Generation follows an ensemble cast of students at Degrassi Community School who face various challenges, such as self-image, peer pressure, child abuse, sexual identity, gang violence, self-injury, teenage pregnancy, drug abuse, death, and a number of other issues. The series was created by Linda Schuyler and Yan Moore, and is produced by Epitome Pictures in association with CTV. The current executive producers are Schuyler, her husband Stephen Stohn and Brendon Yorke. The series is filmed at Epitome's studios in Toronto, Ontario, rather than on the real De Grassi Street from which the franchise takes its name.\nA critical success, Degrassi: The Next Generation has often received favourable reviews from Entertainment Weekly, The New York Times, and AfterElton.com. In its initial years, it was frequently the most watched domestic drama series in Canada, and one of the highest-rated shows on TeenNick in the United States. In 2004, for example, one episode received just under a million viewers in Canada, and over half a million viewers in the US. The series has won numerous awards, from the Geminis, Writers Guild of Canada and Directors Guild of Canada, and internationally from the Teen Choice Awards, Young Artist Awards, and Prix Jeunesse. Filmmakers/actors Kevin Smith and Jason Mewes are fans of the show, and have guest starred in seven episodes.
/m/017_29	Vojvodina, officially the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina, is an autonomous province of Serbia, located in the northern part of the country, in the Pannonian Plain of Central Europe. Novi Sad is the largest city and administrative center of Vojvodina and the second largest city in Serbia. Vojvodina has a population over 1.93 million. It has a multi-ethnic and multi-cultural identity, with a number of mechanisms for the promotion of minority rights; there are more than 26 ethnic groups in the province, which has six official languages.
/m/026ck	David Llewelyn Wark \"D. W.\" Griffith was an American film director, mostly remembered as the director of the 1915 film The Birth of a Nation and the subsequent film Intolerance. He is closely associated with his frequent leading lady, Lillian Gish.\nGriffith began making short films in 1908, and released his first feature, Judith of Bethulia, in 1913. His film The Birth of a Nation made pioneering use of advanced camera and narrative techniques, and its immense popularity set the stage for the dominance of the feature-length film in the United States. The film has been extremely controversial for its negative depiction of African-Americans, White Unionists, the Reconstruction, and its positive portrayal of slavery and the Ku Klux Klan. The film was widely criticized and subject to boycotts by the NAACP. Griffith responded to his critics with Intolerance, intended to show the history of prejudiced thought and behavior. The film was not a financial success but was praised by critics.\nSeveral of Griffith's later films, including Broken Blossoms, Way Down East and Orphans of the Storm were also successful, but his high production, promotional, and roadshow costs often made his ventures commercial failures. By the time of his final feature, The Struggle, he had made roughly 500 films. For his pioneering techniques and early understanding of cinema, Griffith is considered among the most important figures in the history of the medium.
/m/012t1	Arthur Laurents was an American playwright, stage director and screenwriter.\nAfter writing scripts for radio shows after college and then training films for the U.S. Army during World War II, Laurents turned to writing for Broadway, producing a body of work that includes West Side Story, Gypsy, Hallelujah, Baby!, and La Cage Aux Folles, and directing some of his own shows and other Broadway productions.\nHis early film scripts include Rope for Alfred Hitchcock, followed by Anastasia, Bonjour Tristesse, The Way We Were, and The Turning Point.
/m/03vyw8	Mrs. Parker and the Vicious Circle is a 1994 American film scripted by writer/director Alan Rudolph and former Washington Star reporter Randy Sue Coburn. Directed by Rudolph, it starred Jennifer Jason Leigh as the writer Dorothy Parker and depicted the members of the Algonquin Round Table, a group of writers, actors and critics who met almost every weekday from 1919 to 1929, at Manhattan's Algonquin Hotel.\nThe film was an Official Selection at the 1994 Cannes Film Festival and was nominated for the Palme d'Or. The film was a critical but not a commercial success.\nPeter Benchley, who played editor Frank Crowninshield, was the grandson of Robert Benchley, the humorist who once worked underneath Crowninshield. Actor Wallace Shawn was the son of William Shawn, the longtime editor of The New Yorker.
/m/01rgcg	James E. Reilly was an American soap opera writer. Known for his work as the head writer of NBC's Days of our Lives and creator/head writer of Passions, Reilly won a Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Drama Series Writing as co-head writer for Guiding Light in 1993.\nReilly died suddenly in October 2008 while recovering from cardiac surgery.
/m/0bksh	Cameron Michelle Diaz is an American actress and former model. She rose to prominence during the 1990s with roles in the movies The Mask, My Best Friend's Wedding and There's Something About Mary. Other high-profile credits include the two Charlie's Angels films, voicing the character Princess Fiona in the Shrek series, Any Given Sunday, Knight and Day, The Holiday, The Green Hornet and Bad Teacher.\nDiaz has received four Golden Globe Award nominations for her performances in the movies, Being John Malkovich, Vanilla Sky, Gangs of New York, and There's Something About Mary for which she also won the New York Film Critics Best Lead Actress Award. She is also a BAFTA Nominee. In 2013, Diaz was named the highest paid actress over 40 in Hollywood.
/m/0gj9tn5	Ted is a 2012 American comedy film directed, co-produced, and co-written by Seth MacFarlane. It stars Mark Wahlberg, Mila Kunis, and MacFarlane, with Joel McHale and Giovanni Ribisi in supporting roles.\nThe film is MacFarlane's feature-length directorial debut, produced by Media Rights Capital and distributed by Universal Pictures. It was released on June 29, 2012, and received generally positive reviews and was a commercial success, becoming the 12th highest-grossing film of 2012, the highest-grossing R-rated film of the year, and the highest-grossing original R-rated comedy of all time. The film also received an Academy Award nomination for Best Original Song.\nA sequel titled Ted 2 has been announced to be released on June 26, 2015 by Seth MacFarlane and Universal Studios.
/m/0d23k	Salem is the capital of the U.S. state of Oregon, and the county seat of Marion County. It is located in the center of the Willamette Valley alongside the Willamette River, which runs north through the city. The river forms the boundary between Marion and Polk counties, and the city neighborhood of West Salem is in Polk County. Salem was founded in 1842, became the capital of the Oregon Territory in 1851, and was incorporated in 1857.\nSalem had a population of 154,637 at the 2010 census, making it the third largest city in the state after Portland and Eugene. Salem is less than an hour driving distance away from Portland. Salem is the principal city of the Salem Metropolitan Statistical Area, a metropolitan area that covers Marion and Polk counties and had a combined population of 347,214 at the 2000 census. A 2009 estimate placed the metropolitan population at 396,103, the state's second largest.\nThe city is home to Willamette University and Corban University. The State of Oregon is the largest public employer in the city, and Salem Health is the largest private employer. Transportation includes public transit from Salem-Keizer Transit, Amtrak service, and non-commercial air travel at McNary Field. Major roads include Interstate 5, Oregon Route 99E, and Oregon Route 22 which connects West Salem across the Willamette River via the Marion Street and Center Street bridges.
/m/02_7t	Finance is a field within economics that deals with the allocation of assets and liabilities over time under conditions of certainty and uncertainty. Finance can also be defined as the science of money management. A key point in finance is the time value of money, which states that one unit of currency today is worth more than one unit of currency tomorrow. Finance aims to price assets based on their risk level and their expected rate of return. Finance can be broken into three different sub-categories: public finance, corporate finance and personal finance.
/m/0yfvf	Fayetteville is a city in Cumberland County, North Carolina, United States. It is the county seat of Cumberland County, and is best known as the home of Fort Bragg, a major U.S. Army installation northwest of the city.\nFayetteville has received the prestigious All-America City Award from the National Civic League three times. According to the 2011 United States Census estimate, the city has a population of 205,678. It currently ranks as the sixth-largest municipality in North Carolina. Fayetteville is in the Sandhills in the western part of the Coastal Plain region, on the Cape Fear River.\nWith an estimated population of 374,157, the Fayetteville metropolitan area is the largest in southeastern North Carolina, and the fifth-largest in the state. Suburban areas of metro Fayetteville include Fort Bragg, Hope Mills, Spring Lake, Raeford, Pope Field, Rockfish, Stedman, and Eastover. Fayetteville's current mayor is Nat Robertson, who is serving his first term.
/m/07zl1	Vernor Steffen Vinge is a retired San Diego State University Professor of Mathematics, computer scientist, and science fiction author. He is best known for his Hugo Award-winning novels and novellas A Fire Upon the Deep, A Deepness in the Sky, Rainbows End, Fast Times at Fairmont High, and The Cookie Monster, as well as for his 1984 novel The Peace War and his 1993 essay \"The Coming Technological Singularity\", in which he argues that the creation of superhuman artificial intelligence will mark the point at which \"the human era will be ended\", such that no current models of reality are sufficient to predict beyond it.\nWithin thirty years, we will have the technological means to create superhuman intelligence. Shortly after, the human era will be ended.
/m/014g22	Mary Nell Steenburgen is an American actress. She won an Academy Award and a Golden Globe for playing the role of Lynda Dummar in Jonathan Demme's 1980 film Melvin and Howard.
/m/012wg	Alan Jay Lerner was an American lyricist and librettist. In collaboration with Frederick Loewe,and later Burton Lane, he created some of the world's most popular and enduring works of musical theatre for both the stage and on film. He won three Tony Awards and three Academy Awards, among other honors.
/m/05mcjs	Julian Alexander Kitchener-Fellowes, Baron Fellowes of West Stafford DL, known professionally as Julian Fellowes, is an English actor, novelist, film director and screenwriter, as well as a Conservative member of the House of Lords.
/m/0jt5zcn	Oxfordshire archaically the County of Oxford; abbreviated to Oxon. from the Latin Comitia Oxoniae is a county in the South East region of England, bordering on Warwickshire, Northamptonshire, Buckinghamshire, Berkshire, Wiltshire and Gloucestershire.\nThe county has major education and tourist industries. The area is noted for the concentration of performance motorsport companies and facilities. Oxford University Press is the largest firm among a concentration of print and publishing firms; the University of Oxford is also linked to the concentration of local biotechnology companies.\nThe main centre of population is the city of Oxford. Other significant settlements are Banbury, Bicester, Kidlington, and Chipping Norton to the north of Oxford; Carterton and Witney to the west; Thame and Chinnor to the east; and Abingdon, Wantage, Didcot, Wallingford and Henley-on-Thames to the south. Future population growth in the county is hoped to be concentrated around Oxford, Banbury, Bicester, Didcot, Wantage and Witney, near the South Midlands growth area.
/m/03yn5x5	Light gun shooter, also called light gun game or simply gun game, is a shooter video game genre in which the primary design element is aiming and shooting with a gun-shaped controller. Light gun shooters revolve around the protagonist shooting targets, either antagonists or inanimate objects. Light gun shooters generally feature action or horror themes and some may employ a humorous, parodic treatment of these conventions. These games typically feature \"on-rails\" movement, which gives the player control only over aiming; the protagonist's other movements are determined by the game. Games featuring this device are sometimes termed \"rail shooters\", though this term is also applied to games of other genres in which \"on-rails\" movement is a feature. Some, particularly later, games give the player greater control over movement and in still others the protagonist does not move at all.\nLight gun shooters employ \"light gun\" controllers, so named because they function through the use of light sensors. Mechanical games using light guns had existed since the 1930s, though they operated differently from those used in video games. Throughout the 1970s mechanical games were replaced by electronic video games and in the 1980s popular light gun shooters such as Duck Hunt emerged. The genre was most popular in the 1990s, subsequent to the release of Virtua Cop, the formula of which was later improved upon by Time Crisis. The genre is less popular in the new millennium, as well as being hampered by compatibility issues, but retains a niche appeal for fans of \"old school\" gameplay.
/m/09wv__	The Art Students League of New York is an art school located on West 57th Street in New York City. The League has historically been known for its broad appeal to both amateurs and professional artists and has maintained, for over 130 years, a tradition of offering reasonably priced classes on a flexible schedule to accommodate students from all walks of life.\nAlthough artists may study full-time, there have never been any degree programs or grades, and this informal attitude pervades the culture of the school. From the 19th century to the present, the League has counted among its attendees and instructors many historically important artists, and contributed to numerous influential schools and movements in the art world.\nThe League also maintains a significant permanent collection of student and faculty work, and publishes an online journal of writing on art-related topics, entitled LINEA. The journal's name refers to the school's motto Nulla Dies Sine Linea or \"No Day Without a Line,\" traditionally attributed to the famous Greek painter Apelles by the historian Pliny the Elder, who recorded that Apelles would not let a day pass without at least drawing a line to practice his art.
/m/01my95	Roger Federer is a Swiss professional tennis player who, as of January 2014, is ranked world no. 8 by the ATP. Numerous commentators, pundits, and former and current players of the sport regard Federer as the greatest tennis player of all time.\nHe holds several men's world records of the Open Era: holding the world no. 1 position for 302 weeks overall; including a 237-consecutive-week stretch at the top from 2004 to 2008; winning 17 Grand Slam singles titles; reaching the finals of each Grand Slam tournament at least five times; and reaching the Wimbledon final eight times. He is one of seven men, and one of four in the Open Era, to capture the career Grand Slam. Federer also shares the Open Era record for most titles at the Australian Open with Agassi and Novak Djokovic, at Wimbledon with Pete Sampras and at the US Open with Jimmy Connors and Sampras.\nFederer has appeared in 24 men's Grand Slam finals, with 10 in a row, both records, and appeared in 18 of 19 finals from the 2005 Wimbledon Championships through to the 2010 Australian Open. He is the only man to reach at least the semifinals of 23 consecutive Grand Slam tournaments, from the 2004 Wimbledon Championships through the 2010 Australian Open. At the 2014 Australian Open, he extended his record to 34th Grand Slam semi-final and reached a record 41st Grand Slam quarter-final, and at the 2013 French Open reached a record 36th consecutive Grand Slam quarter-final. He has also won the most matches, 265, in men's Grand Slam tournaments.
/m/06dr9	The Red Workers' and Peasants' Army, was the name given to the army and the air force of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic and from 1922 the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics. It was established in the immediate period after the 1917 October Revolution, when the Bolsheviks constituted an army during the Russian Civil War opposite the military confederations of their adversaries. From February 1946, the Red Army, who together with the Soviet Navy, embodied the main component of the Soviet Armed Forces, took the official name \"Soviet Army\", until its dissolution in December 1991.\nThe Red Army is widely credited with being the decisive land force in the Allied victory in the European Theatre of World War II. During operations on the Eastern Front, it engaged and defeated about 75%–80% of the German land forces deployed in the war.
/m/03mgbf	FC Terek Grozny is a Chechen football club, currently playing in the Russian Premier League.\nOriginally founded in 1946, as Dynamo, it changed its name in 1948 to Neftyanik and in 1958 to Terek. In the 1990s the club was disbanded for some time due to the war in Chechnya. From the 1990s to 2007 the club played its home games in the neighbouring resort city of Pyatigorsk, Stavropol Krai. Before the start of the 2008 Premier League season, the Russian Football Union granted Terek the right to host Premier League matches in Grozny.\nThey won the Russian Cup by beating Krylya Sovetov Samara in the final and the Russian First Division in 2004. In 2004 they advanced through the UEFA Cup qualification by beating the Polish team Lech Poznań 1–0 in both legs but lost to Swiss outfit FC Basel in the first round. They played in the Russian Premier League in 2005 but were relegated after finishing last. Terek finished second in the First Division in 2007 and were promoted back into the Premier League.\nOn 3 July 2008, Terek signed three Romanian players at once: Andrei Margaritescu, Florentin Petre and Daniel Pancu. Terek finished 12th in the 2010 Russian Premier League season.
/m/03j9ml	Maggie Roswell is an American film and television actress and voice artist from Los Angeles, California. She is well known for her voice work on the Fox network's animated television series The Simpsons, in which she has played recurring characters such as Maude Flanders, Helen Lovejoy, Miss Hoover, and Luann Van Houten, as well as several minor characters. This work has earned her both an Emmy Award nomination and an Annie Award nomination.\nRoswell made her acting break-through in the 1980s with appearances in films such as Midnight Madness, Lost in America, and Pretty in Pink, and guest appearances on television shows such as Remington Steele, Masquerade, and Happy Days. She appeared frequently in the sketch comedy The Tim Conway Show from 1980 to 1981, and did voice acting for a few animated films and television shows. Roswell also performed in some theater plays, including one in 1988 directed by Julia Sweeney.\nIn 1989, Roswell was hired for the first season of The Simpsons. She played a few minor characters until she became a regular cast member with the introduction of Maude Flanders in the second season. In 1994, Roswell and her husband Hal Rayle moved from Los Angeles to Denver to raise their daughter. Together they established the Roswell 'n' Rayle Company, creating and voicing advertisements for companies. Because of her move to Denver, Roswell had to travel to Los Angeles twice a week to tape The Simpsons. This ultimately led to her requesting a pay raise in 1999; however, Fox refused to offer her the amount she wanted so she quit the show. Roswell returned to The Simpsons in 2002 after reaching a deal to record her lines from her Denver home.
/m/047t4gb	The Imperial Russian Army was the land armed force of the Russian Empire, active from around 1721 to the Russian Revolution of 1917. In the early 1850s, the Russian army consisted of around 938,731 regular soldiers and 245,850 irregulars.
/m/0g3b2z	Theofanis \"Fanis\" Gekas is a Greek footballer who plays for Konyaspor in the Süper Lig, as a striker.\nHe has been the top goalscorer of the Greek League and the Bundesliga in previous seasons. He was the top goalscorer of the Europe section of 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification for scoring ten goals in Greece's successful qualifying campaign.
/m/030w19	The College of Wooster is a private liberal arts college primarily known for its emphasis on mentored undergraduate research. It has roughly 2,000 students and is located in Wooster, Ohio, United States. Founded in 1866 by the Presbyterian Church as the University of Wooster, it was from its creation a co-educational institution. The school is a member of The Five Colleges of Ohio and the Great Lakes Colleges Association. As of June 30, 2012, Wooster's endowment stood at approximately $232 million.\nWooster is one of forty colleges named in Loren Pope's influential book Colleges That Change Lives, in which he called it his \"...original best-kept secret in higher education.\" It is consistently ranked among the nation's top liberal arts colleges, according to U.S. News and World Report. In US News' \"Best Colleges 2013\", for the 11th year in a row, Wooster is recognized for its “outstanding” undergraduate research opportunities and its senior capstone program, known as I.S. Only two schools have been named to both lists in each of the past 11 years: Wooster and Princeton University.
/m/06lbp	Robert Louis Balfour Stevenson was a Scottish novelist, poet, essayist, and travel writer. His most famous works are Treasure Island, Kidnapped, and Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde.\nA literary celebrity during his lifetime, Stevenson now ranks among the 26 most translated authors in the world. His works have been admired by many other writers, including Jorge Luis Borges, Bertolt Brecht, Marcel Proust, Arthur Conan Doyle, Henry James, Cesare Pavese, Ernest Hemingway, Rudyard Kipling, Jack London, Vladimir Nabokov, J. M. Barrie, and G. K. Chesterton, who said of him that he \"seemed to pick the right word up on the point of his pen, like a man playing spillikins.\"
/m/063576	The George Washington University Law School, commonly referred to as GW Law, is the law school of The George Washington University. It was originally founded in 1826 and is the oldest law school in Washington, D.C. The school is accredited by the American Bar Association and is a charter member of the Association of American Law Schools. It is located on the main campus of The George Washington University at the corner of 20th and H Streets in the Foggy Bottom neighborhood.
/m/05g7tj	Technical death metal is a musical subgenre of death metal that focuses on complex rhythms, riffs and song structures.\nTechnical experimentation in death metal began in the late 1980s and early 1990s by bands such as Death, Atheist and Cynic. In 1990, Nocturnus released their debut album, The Key, which was followed by Sarcófago's third album, The Laws of Scourge, featuring a change in their musical style, black metal/thrash metal to technical death metal. Atheist's second album, Unquestionable Presence, Pestilence's third album, Testimony of the Ancients, and Death's fourth album, Human, were all released the very next year. Human and later Death albums have proven especially influential on later '90s technical death metal bands. In 1991, New York's grindcore-influenced Suffocation released the Effigy of the Forgotten debut album, which focused on speed and brutality with \"sophisticated\" sense of songwriting and subsequently became groundbreaking in the genre.\nPhil Freeman, ex-editor of Metal Edge, has described the sub-genre of technical death metal as \"the hidden side of its genre, having more in common with prog-rock and jazz fusion than with the mechanistic, Satan-obsessed grinding that's the music's dominant public image.\"
/m/01hwgt	FC Energie Cottbus e. V. is a German football club based in Cottbus, Lusatia. It was founded in 1963 as SC Cottbus in what was East Germany.
/m/05lb87	Mark W. Moses is an American actor, known for his roles of Paul Young on Desperate Housewives and Herman \"Duck\" Phillips on the AMC series Mad Men.
/m/0gtt5fb	The Great Gatsby is a 2013 Australian-American 3D drama film. An adaptation of the film was a tribute to F. Scott Fitzgerald on the 116th anniversary of his birth and the 1925 novel of the same name, the film was co-written and directed by Baz Luhrmann, and stars Leonardo DiCaprio, Tobey Maguire, Carey Mulligan, Joel Edgerton, and Elizabeth Debicki. It follows the life and times of millionaire Jay Gatsby and his neighbor Nick, who recounts his encounter with Gatsby at the height of the Roaring Twenties. The film was originally going to be released on December 25, 2012, but moved to May 10, 2013 in 3D. It received mixed reviews from critics, but proved a financial success. The government of Australia contributed financially to the making of the film with tax subsidies. In 2014, the film was nominated for the two Academy Awards: Best Production Design and Best Costume Design.
/m/05pdd86	The Sorcerer's Apprentice is a 2010 American fantasy adventure film produced by Jerry Bruckheimer, directed by Jon Turteltaub, and distributed by Walt Disney Pictures, the team behind the National Treasure franchise. The film is named after the The Sorcerer's Apprentice segment in Disney's Fantasia, which in turn is based on the late 1890s symphonic poem by Paul Dukas and the 1797 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe ballad.\nBalthazar Blake, a \"Merlinian\", is a sorcerer in modern-day Manhattan, fighting against the forces of evil, in particular his nemesis, Maxim Horvath, while searching for the person who will inherit Merlin's powers. This turns out to be Dave Stutler, a physics student, whom Balthazar takes as a reluctant protégé. The sorcerer gives his unwilling apprentice a crash course in the art of science, magic, and sorcery, in order to stop Horvath and Morgana le Fay from raising the souls of the evil dead sorcerers and destroying the world.
/m/05z55	Pasta is a staple food of traditional Italian cuisine, with the first reference dating to 1154 in Sicily. It is also commonly used to refer to the variety of pasta dishes. Typically pasta is made from an unleavened dough of a durum wheat flour mixed with water and formed into sheets or various shapes, then cooked and served in any number of dishes. It can be made with flour from other cereals or grains, and eggs may be used instead of water. Pastas may be divided into two broad categories, dried and fresh. Chicken eggs frequently dominate as the source of the liquid component in fresh pasta.\nMost dried pasta is commercially produced via an extrusion process. Fresh pasta was traditionally produced by hand, sometimes with the aid of simple machines, but today many varieties of fresh pasta are also commercially produced by large scale machines, and the products are widely available in supermarkets.\nBoth dried and fresh pasta come in a number of shapes and varieties, with 310 specific forms known variably by over 1300 names having been recently documented. In Italy the names of specific pasta shapes or types often vary with locale. For example the form cavatelli is known by 28 different names depending on region and town. Common forms of pasta include long shapes, short shapes, tubes, flat shapes and sheets, miniature soup shapes, filled or stuffed, and specialty or decorative shapes.
/m/01lsl	Citizen Kane is a 1941 American drama film directed, co-written, produced by, and starring Orson Welles. The picture was Welles's first feature film. The film was nominated for Academy Awards in nine categories; it won an Academy Award for Best Writing by Herman Mankiewicz and Welles. Often considered by critics, filmmakers and fans to be the greatest film ever made, Citizen Kane was voted the greatest film of all time in five consecutive Sight & Sound's polls of critics, until it was displaced by Vertigo in the 2012 poll. It topped the American Film Institute's 100 Years ... 100 Movies list in 1998, as well as the AFI's 2007 update. Citizen Kane is particularly praised for its innovative cinematography, music, and narrative structure.\nThe story is a film à clef that examines the life and legacy of Charles Foster Kane, played by Welles, a character based in part upon the American newspaper magnate William Randolph Hearst, Chicago tycoons Samuel Insull and Harold McCormick, and aspects of Welles's own life. Upon its release, Hearst prohibited mention of the film in any of his newspapers. Kane's career in the publishing world is born of idealistic social service, but gradually evolves into a ruthless pursuit of power. Narrated principally through flashbacks, the story is revealed through the research of a newsreel reporter seeking to solve the mystery of the newspaper magnate's dying word: \"Rosebud\".
/m/04hvw	Lesotho, officially the Kingdom of Lesotho, is a landlocked country completely surrounded by South Africa. It is just over 30,000 km² in size and has a population slightly over two million. Its capital and largest city is Maseru. Lesotho is a member of the Commonwealth of Nations. The name Lesotho translates roughly into the land of the people who speak Sotho. About 40% of the population lives below the international poverty line of US $1.25 a day.
/m/02k5sc	Maroon 5 is an American pop rock band that originated in Los Angeles, California. The group formed in 1994 as Kara's Flowers while its members were still in high school. With a line-up of Adam Levine, Jesse Carmichael, Mickey Madden, and Ryan Dusick, they signed to Reprise Records and released an album, The Fourth World, in 1997. After a tepid response to the album, the band parted ways with its record label, and its members attended college. In 2001, the band regrouped, adding James Valentine to the lineup and pursued a new direction under the name Maroon 5.\nMaroon 5 signed with Octone Records and released their debut album under the title Songs About Jane in June 2002. The album's lead single, \"Harder to Breathe\", received heavy airplay, which helped the album to debut at number six on the Billboard 200 chart. The album's second and third singles, \"This Love\" and \"She Will Be Loved\", became worldwide hits reaching the top five on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. The band won the Grammy Award for Best New Artist in 2005. For the next few years, the band toured extensively worldwide in support of Songs About Jane and produced two live recordings: 2004's 1.22.03.Acoustic and 2005's Live – Friday the 13th. In 2006, drummer, percussionist and backing vocalist Ryan Dusick left the band and was replaced by Matt Flynn. The band recorded their second album, It Won't Be Soon Before Long in early 2007 and released it a few months later. The album reached number one on the US Billboard 200 chart, and its lead single, \"Makes Me Wonder\", became the band's first number-one song on the Billboard Hot 100.
/m/012dr7	William Horatio Powell was an American actor. He typically played highly confident characters, with a sophisticated sense of humor and wit.\nA major star at Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, he was paired with Myrna Loy in 14 films, including the popular Thin Man series based on the novels of Dashiell Hammett in which Powell and Loy played Nick and Nora Charles. He was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor three times: for The Thin Man, My Man Godfrey, and Life with Father.
/m/012ts	The Auckland metropolitan area, in the North Island of New Zealand, is the largest and most populous urban area in the country. Auckland has an urban population of 1,418,000 and a metropolitan population of 1,529,300, which respectively constitute 32 and 34 percent of the country's population. Auckland has the largest Polynesian population of any city in the world. In Māori, Auckland's name is Tāmaki Makaurau and the transliterated version of Auckland is Ākarana.\nThe Auckland urban area ranges to Waiwera in the north, Kumeu in the northwest, and Runciman in the south. It is not contiguous; the section from Waiwera to Whangaparaoa Peninsula is separate from its nearest neighbouring suburb of Long Bay. Auckland lies between the Hauraki Gulf of the Pacific Ocean to the east, the low Hunua Ranges to the south-east, the Manukau Harbour to the south-west, and the Waitakere Ranges and smaller ranges to the west and north-west. Auckland is the most remote substantially populated city. The central part of the urban area occupies a narrow isthmus between the Manukau Harbour on the Tasman Sea and the Waitemata Harbour on the Pacific Ocean. It is one of the few cities in the world to have two harbours on two separate major bodies of water.
/m/0qc7l	Tuscaloosa is a city in and the seat of Tuscaloosa County in west central Alabama. Located on the Black Warrior River, it is the fifth-largest city in Alabama, with an estimated population of 93,357 in 2012. Founded in 1819, the city was named after Tuskaloosa, the chieftain of a Muskogean-speaking people who battled and was defeated by Hernando de Soto in 1540 in the Battle of Mabila, and served as Alabama's capital city from 1826 to 1846.\nTuscaloosa is the regional center of industry, commerce, healthcare, and education for the area of west-central Alabama known as West Alabama. It is the principal city of the Tuscaloosa Metropolitan Statistical Area, which includes Tuscaloosa, Hale and Pickens counties and has an estimated metro population in 2012 of 233,389. Tuscaloosa is also the home of the University of Alabama, Stillman College and Shelton State Community College. While the city attracted international attention when Mercedes-Benz announced it would build its first automotive assembly plant in North America in Tuscaloosa County, the University of Alabama remains the dominant economic and cultural engine in the city.
/m/0gfmc_	Gramercy Pictures was a film distributor launched in May 1992, a joint venture of PolyGram Filmed Entertainment and Universal Pictures. Gramercy, a so-called \"mini-major,\" was the distributor of PolyGram movies in the United States and Canada. In January 1996, PolyGram brought the 50% stake owned by Universal, thus assuming full control of Gramercy. When Seagram acquired PolyGram in 1999, it reacquired Gramercy as it controlled Universal. In turn, Seagram sold Gramercy and another specialty division, October Films, to Barry Diller's USA Networks, and merged both companies into USA Films. USA Films then transformed into Focus Features in 2002.\nGramercy Pictures released its first film, the Mario Van Peebles western Posse, in May 1993. The distributor also had box office hits in 1994's Four Weddings and a Funeral, 1996's Fargo and 1997's Bean. Several Gramercy releases of the 1990s have grown in stature to become cult classics in the present day: The Big Lebowski, Dazed and Confused, Clay Pigeons and Mallrats. In addition, 1996's The Usual Suspects won two Oscars, for Best Original Screenplay and Best Supporting Actor.
/m/0d234	Corvallis is a city located in central western Oregon, United States. It is the county seat of Benton County and the principal city of the Corvallis, Oregon Metropolitan Statistical Area, which encompasses all of Benton County. As of the 2010 United States Census, the population was 54,462. Its population was estimated by the Portland Research Center to be 55,055 in 2012. Corvallis is the location of Oregon State University.
/m/06sy4c	John Thomas Gordon Ruddy is an English footballer who plays for Norwich City and the England national team as a goalkeeper. While being a good and reliable shot-stopper, he also has a reputation for being a dominant keeper, commanding his box on crosses and set pieces.\nRuddy began his career at Cambridge United, before signing for Everton as a 19-year-old. He spent five years with Everton, but made just one appearance, while playing on loan at nine different clubs. Ruddy was signed by Paul Lambert to play for Norwich in 2010 and, in his first season, was part of the team that finished second in The Championship, gaining promotion to the Premier League. The following year, Norwich finished twelfth in the Premier League, and Ruddy was selected by new England manager Roy Hodgson for the squad for Euro 2012. However, on 25 May 2012, he was ruled out after breaking his finger during training. He made his debut in a 2–1 win against Italy in August 2012. He suffered a long term thigh injury in November 2012, but returned to help Norwich to an 11th place finish at the end of the 2012-2013 premier league season.
/m/0bn3jg	Pietro Scalia is an Italian-American film editor.
/m/044l47	The Zimbabwe national football team is the national team of the Republic of Zimbabwe and is controlled by the Zimbabwe Football Association. They were known as the Southern Rhodesia national football team from 1939–1964, then the Rhodesia national football team until 1980, when Rhodesia became Zimbabwe. They have never qualified for the World Cup finals, and did not qualify for their first African Nations Cup until 2004. They were Unofficial Football World Champions between their 2–0 win over Angola on 27 March 2005 and their 5–1 defeat to Nigeria on 8 October 2005.\nIn November 2012, German third-division coach Klaus-Dieter Pagels was appointed head coach. His appointment followed the dismissal of Norman Mapeza, who was handed a six-month ban by the Zimbabwean FA for allowing players to take money to lose.
/m/05mrx8	Political satire is a significant part of satire that specializes in gaining entertainment from politics; it has also used with subversive intent where political speech and dissent are forbidden by a regime, as a method of Political satire is usually distinguished from political protest or political dissent, as it does not necessarily carry an agenda nor seek to influence the political process. While occasionally it may, it more commonly aims simply to provide entertainment. By its very nature, it rarely offers a constructive view in itself; when it is used as part of protest or dissent, it tends to simply establish the error of matters rather than provide solutions.
/m/0d8jf	Takoma Park is a city in Montgomery County, Maryland, United States. It is a suburb of Washington, D.C., and part of the Washington Metropolitan Area. Founded in 1883 and incorporated in 1890, Takoma Park, informally called \"Azalea City,\" is a Tree City USA and a nuclear-free zone. A planned commuter suburb, it is situated along the Metropolitan Branch of the historic Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, just northeast of Washington, D.C. and it borders the neighborhood of Takoma, Washington, D.C.. It is governed by an elected mayor and six elected councilmembers, who form the city council, and an appointed city manager, under a council-manager style of government. The city's population was 16,715 at the 2010 national census.\nResidents of Takoma Park can vote in municipal elections when they turn sixteen - the first in the United States.
/m/0mmd6	Everton Football Club is an English Premier League football club based in Liverpool. The club have competed in the top division for a record 110 seasons and have won the League Championship nine times.\nFormed in 1878, Everton were founding members of The Football League in 1888 and won their first league championship two seasons later. Following four league titles and two FA Cup wins, Everton experienced a lull in the immediate post World War Two period until a revival in the 1960s which saw the club win two league championships and an FA Cup. The mid-1980s represented their most recent period of success, with two League Championship successes, an FA Cup, and the 1985 European Cup Winners' Cup. The club's most recent major trophy was the 1995 FA Cup. The club's supporters are known as Evertonians.\nEverton have a rivalry with neighbours Liverpool and the two sides contest the Merseyside derby. The club have been based at Goodison Park since 1892.\nThe club's home colours are royal blue shirts and white shorts. Everton player Dixie Dean scored a record 60 league goals in the 1927–28 season.
/m/0mcf4	Blue Note Records is an American jazz record label, established in 1939 by Alfred Lion and Max Margulis. Francis Wolff became involved shortly afterwards. It derives its name from the characteristic \"blue notes\" of jazz and the blues.\nOriginally dedicated to recording traditional jazz and small group swing, from 1947 the label began to switch its attention to modern jazz. While the original company did not itself record many of the pioneers of bebop, significant exceptions are Thelonious Monk, Fats Navarro and Bud Powell.\nHistorically, Blue Note has principally been associated with the \"hard bop\" style of jazz. Horace Silver, Jimmy Smith, Freddie Hubbard, Lee Morgan, Art Blakey, Lou Donaldson, Donald Byrd, Grant Green, Hank Mobley and Freddie Redd were among the label's leading artists.\nThe label is currently owned by the Universal Music Group and in 2006 was expanded to fill the role of an umbrella label group bringing together a wide variety of then EMI-owned labels and imprints specializing in the growing market segment of music for adults.
/m/0g2jl	Washington University in St. Louis is a private research university located in suburban St. Louis, Missouri, United States. Founded in 1853, and named after George Washington, the university has students and faculty from all 50 U.S. states and more than 120 countries. Twenty-two Nobel laureates have been affiliated with Washington University, nine having done the major part of their pioneering research at the university. Washington University's undergraduate program is ranked 14th in the nation and 7th in admissions selectivity by U.S. News and World Report. The university is ranked 30th in the world by the Academic Ranking of World Universities. In 2006, the university received $434 million in federal research funds, ranking seventh among private universities receiving federal research and development support, and in the top four in funding from the National Institutes of Health.\nWashington University is made up of seven graduate and undergraduate schools that encompass a broad range of academic fields. Officially incorporated as \"The Washington University,\" the university is occasionally referred to as \"WUSTL,\" an acronym derived from its initials. More commonly, however, students refer to the university as \"Wash. U.\" To prevent confusion over its location, the Board of Trustees added the phrase \"in St. Louis\" in 1976.
/m/0296y	Death metal is an extreme subgenre of heavy metal music. It typically employs heavily distorted guitars, tremolo picking, deep growling vocals, double kick and/or blast beat drumming, minor keys or atonality, and multiple tempo changes.\nBuilding from the musical structure of thrash metal and early black metal, death metal emerged during the mid-1980s. Metal bands such as Slayer, Kreator, Celtic Frost, and Venom were very important influences to the crafting of the genre. Possessed and Death, along with bands such as Obituary, Carcass, Deicide, Sepultura, Cannibal Corpse and Morbid Angel are often considered pioneers of the genre. In the late 1980s and early 1990s, death metal gained more media attention as popular genre niche record labels like Combat, Earache and Roadrunner began to sign death metal bands at a rapid rate. Since then, death metal has diversified, spawning a variety of subgenres.
/m/06xpp7	Hollywood High School is a Los Angeles Unified School District high school located at the intersection of North Highland Avenue and West Sunset Boulevard in the Hollywood district of Los Angeles, California.
/m/03g52k	Koninklijke Lierse Sportkring is a Belgian professional football club, from the city of Lier in the Antwerp province. Lierse has been playing in the Belgian Pro League since the 2010-11 season and they have already won 4 competitions. They also have won 2 Belgian Cups. Lierse is one of the 5 Belgian clubs to have played in the UEFA Champions League group stage with Anderlecht, Club Brugge, Genk and Standard. The most capped player at the club is Bernard Voorhoof with 61 caps for Belgium, all when he was at Lierse. With 30 goals, he is also the topscorer of the Belgium national football team together with Paul Van Himst.\nThe club was founded in 1906 and they first promoted to the first division in 1927-28. Lierse was successful in the first division until the end of World War II, winning 2 titles and finishing only 4 times outside the top 5. At the end of the 1947-48 season, they were relegated to the second division. Lierse enjoyed a two more spells at the highest level, each time with a championship win.\nLierse play their home matches at the Herman Vanderpoortenstadion in Lier, which is also known as 'Het Lisp', because the stadium is located in a neighbourhood named Lisp. They have yellow and black colours. The club has been recently bought by an Egyptian business man named Maged Samy, who also owns KV Turnhout and Wadi Degla FC in Egypt which has a sporting contract with Arsenal. He bought the club by paying all of their debts.
/m/06ybz_	A.E.L. 1964, fully the Athletic Union of Larissa 1964, is a Greek association football club based in the city of Larissa, capital of Greece's Thessaly region. The club is also known, unofficially, as Larissa. It is the only team outside the two big Greek cities, Athens and Thessaloniki, to have won the Greek Championship. It has also won two Greek Cups and played in an additional two Cup finals. This record places A.E.L. amongst the top 5 teams of Greek Football.\nThe team currently competes in Football League 2, the third category of national football championships, due to serious financial problems that led to the voluntary relegation from Football League and the dissolution of the professional club on July 2013.
/m/0kpw3	U.S. Route 66, also known as the Will Rogers Highway and colloquially known as the Main Street of America or the Mother Road, was one of the original highways within the U.S. Highway System. Route 66 was established on November 11, 1926—with road signs erected the following year. The highway, which became one of the most famous roads in America, originally ran from Chicago, Illinois, through Missouri, Kansas, Oklahoma, Texas, New Mexico, and Arizona before ending at Santa Monica, California, covering a total of 2,448 miles. It was recognized in popular culture by both the hit song \" Route 66\" and the Route 66 television show in the 1960s.\nRoute 66 served as a major path for those who migrated west, especially during the Dust Bowl of the 1930s, and it supported the economies of the communities through which the road passed. People doing business along the route became prosperous due to the growing popularity of the highway, and those same people later fought to keep the highway alive in the face of the growing threat of being bypassed by the new Interstate Highway System.\nRoute 66 underwent many improvements and realignments over its lifetime, and it was officially removed from the United States Highway System on June 27, 1985, after it had been replaced in its entirety by the Interstate Highway System. Portions of the road that passed through Illinois, Missouri, New Mexico, and Arizona have been designated a National Scenic Byway of the name \"Historic Route 66\", which is returning to some maps. Several states have adopted significant bypassed sections of the former US 66 into the state road network as State Route 66.
/m/0jqkh	Do the Right Thing is a 1989 American comedy-drama film produced, written, and directed by Spike Lee, who also played the part of 'Mookie' in the film. Other members of the cast include Danny Aiello, Ossie Davis, Ruby Dee, Richard Edson, Giancarlo Esposito, Bill Nunn, John Turturro, and Samuel L. Jackson. It is also notably the feature film debut of Martin Lawrence and Rosie Perez. The movie tells the story of a neighborhood's simmering racial tension, which comes to a head and culminates in tragedy on the hottest day of the summer.\nThe film was a commercial success and received numerous accolades and awards, including an Academy Award nomination for Lee for Best Original Screenplay and one for Best Supporting Actor for Aiello's portrayal of Sal the pizzeria owner. It is often listed among the greatest films of all time. In 1999, it was deemed to be \"culturally significant\" by the U.S. Library of Congress, and was selected for preservation in the National Film Registry, one of just five films to have this honor in their first year of eligibility.
/m/03xgm3	Christopher Stephen \"Chris\" Botti, is an American trumpeter and composer.\nIn 2013, Botti won the Grammy Award in the Best Pop Instrumental Album category. He was also nominated in 2008 for his album Italia, and received three nominations in 2010 for the live album Chris Botti In Boston. Four of his albums have reached the No. 1 position on the Billboard jazz albums chart.\nComing to prominence with the 2001 recording of his Night Sessions CD, Botti established a reputation as a versatile musician in both jazz and pop music for his ability to fuse both styles together.
/m/016fmf	No Doubt is an American rock band from Anaheim, California, that formed in 1986 consisting of vocalist Gwen Stefani, guitarist Tom Dumont, bassist Tony Kanal, and drummer Adrian Young. Since 1995, following the departures of keyboardist Eric Stefani and the band's horn section, they have been supported by keyboardist and trumpeter Stephen Bradley and keyboardist and trombonist Gabrial McNair in live performances. The ska sound of their first album No Doubt failed to make an impact. The Beacon Street Collection is a raw expression of their sound, inspired by ska punk and released independently by the band under their own record label. The album sold over 100,000 copies in 1995, over three times as many as their first album sold. The band's diamond-certified album Tragic Kingdom helped launch the third-wave ska revival of the 1990s, and \"Don't Speak\", the third single from the album, set a record when it spent 16 weeks at the number one spot on the Billboard Hot 100 Airplay chart.\nThe group's next album, Return of Saturn, despite the Top 40 hit single \"Simple Kind of Life\", did not match the success of their previous but received critical praise and was nominated for Best Rock Album at the 43rd Grammy Awards. 15 months later, the band reappeared with Rock Steady, which incorporated reggae and dancehall music into their work. The album was primarily recorded in Jamaica and featured collaborations with Jamaican artists Bounty Killer, Sly and Robbie, and Lady Saw. The album produced two Grammy-winning singles, \"Hey Baby\" and \"Underneath It All\". On 22 November 2002, No Doubt received the Key to the City of Anaheim, given by the Mayor of Anaheim, Tom Daly in Disneyland during the band's appearance on 'Breakfast with Kevin and Bean' where they performed 5 songs. After 2004 tour the band embarked on solo projects, with Gwen Stefani releasing two successful solo albums Love. Angel. Music. Baby. and The Sweet Escape while Tom Dumont released his own solo music project, Invincible Overlord. In 2008, the band resumed working slowly on their sixth effort, titled Push and Shove, and released their single \"Settle Down\". They have sold over 33 million albums worldwide.
/m/02wb6yq	Demetria Devonne \"Demi\" Lovato is an American recording artist, actress, and philanthropist. She made her debut as a child actress in Barney & Friends. In 2008, she came to prominence as a starring cast member in the television film Camp Rock. She signed to Hollywood Records the same year, and released her debut studio album, Don't Forget, in September 2008. The album sold 89,000 copies within its first week, debuting at number 2 on the Billboard 200. It has since been certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America for sales of over 530,000. In 2009, Lovato was commissioned her own television series, Sonny with a Chance. That July, her second album, Here We Go Again, became her first to debut atop the U.S. Billboard 200, selling 108,000 copies in its first week and spawning the single of the same name which became her first to break the top 20 of the Billboard Hot 100, peaking at number 15.\nAfter the release of additional television films and their accompanying soundtracks in 2010, Lovato's personal struggles sent her acting career into hiatus, and saw the closure of Sonny with a Chance after its second season. She released her third album, Unbroken, in September 2011. The album addresses several of her difficulties, notably her lead single \"Skyscraper\" which became her first single to be certified platinum by the RIAA. The second single, \"Give Your Heart a Break\", was later certified double-platinum in the United States. The album had been certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America. Lovato served as a judge and mentor on the American version of The X Factor from 2012 to 2013. She released fourth album, Demi, in May 2013 to critical success, selling 110,000 copies within its first week, becoming her highest opening week to date. The album was preceded by its lead single, \"Heart Attack\", that February and was certified double-platinum by the RIAA. In September 2013, Lovato announced plans to go on a North American leg of her third headlining concert tour, The Neon Lights Tour in promotion of her fourth studio album Demi. Lovato has said that her fifth studio album will be recorded in 2014 and she is hoping to release it in the same year.
/m/02g9p4	The Appalachian dulcimer is a fretted string instrument of the zither family, typically with three or four strings. Its origins are in the Appalachian region of the United States. The body extends the length of the fingerboard, and its fretting is generally diatonic.
/m/0n839	Sir Richard Charles Nicholas Branson is an English business magnate and investor. He is best known as the founder of Virgin Group, which comprises more than 400 companies.\nAt the age of sixteen his first business venture was a magazine called Student. In 1970, he set up a mail-order record business. In 1972, he opened a chain of record stores, Virgin Records, later known as Virgin Megastores. Branson's Virgin brand grew rapidly during the 1980s, as he set up Virgin Atlantic and expanded the Virgin Records music label.\nAccording to the Forbes 2012 list of billionaires, Branson is the sixth richest citizen of the United Kingdom, with an estimated net worth of US$4.6 billion.
/m/06x58	Salma Hayek Jiménez is a Mexican and American film actress, director and producer. She began her career in Mexico starring in the telenovela Teresa and went on to star in the film El Callejón de los Milagros for which she was nominated for an Ariel Award. In 1991 Hayek moved to Hollywood and came to prominence with roles in Hollywood movies such as Desperado, Dogma, and Wild Wild West.\nHer breakthrough role was in the 2002 film Frida as Frida Kahlo for which she was nominated in the category of Best Actress for an Academy Award, BAFTA Award, Screen Actors Guild Award and Golden Globe Award. The movie received widespread attention and was a critical and commercial success. She won a Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Directing in a Children/Youth/Family Special in 2004 for The Maldonado Miracle and received an Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series in 2007 after guest-starring in the ABC television series Ugly Betty. She also guest-starred on the NBC comedy series 30 Rock from 2009 to 2013.\nHayek's recent films include Grown Ups and Grown Ups 2, acting alongside Adam Sandler, and Puss in Boots, in which she voices Kitty Softpaws, alongside her former collaborator Antonio Banderas.
/m/0v53x	The Southern Baptist Convention is a United States-based Christian denomination. It is the world's largest Baptist denomination and the largest Protestant body in the United States, with nearly 16 million members as of 2012. This also makes it the second largest Christian body in the United States, after the Catholic Church.\nThe word Southern in Southern Baptist Convention stems from its having been founded and rooted in the Southern United States. Following a split from northern Baptists over the issue of forbidding Southern slave-owners from becoming ordained missionaries, members at a regional convention held in Augusta, Georgia, created the SBC in 1845. After the American Civil War, another split occurred when most black Baptists in the South separated from white churches to set up independent congregations, regional associations, and state and national conventions, such as the National Baptist Convention, the second largest Baptist convention.\nSince the 1940s, the SBC has moved away from some of its regional identification. Especially since the late twentieth century, the SBC has sought new members among minority groups and become much more diverse. In addition, while still heavily concentrated in the Southern US, the SBC has member churches across the United States and 41 affiliated state conventions.
/m/0hqcy	David O. Selznick was an American film producer and film studio executive. He is best known for producing Gone with the Wind and Rebecca, both earning him an Academy Award for Best Picture.
/m/02d4ct	Patricia Davies Clarkson is an American actress. After studying drama on the East Coast, Clarkson launched her acting career in 1985, and has worked steadily in both film and television since. She has starred in many leading and supporting roles in numerous well-known films such as The Untouchables, The Green Mile, Far from Heaven, Shutter Island, Good Night, and Good Luck, Vicky Cristina Barcelona, and Cairo Time, and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her performance in Pieces of April. She twice won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Drama Series for her recurring role in Six Feet Under and starred in the popular and highly-rated television miniseries Queen.
/m/0cjk9	Ukrainian is a member of the East Slavic subgroup of the Slavic languages. It is the official state language of Ukraine and the principal language of the Ukrainians. Written Ukrainian uses a variant of the Cyrillic script.\nThe Ukrainian language traces its origins to the Old East Slavic of the early medieval state of Kievan Rus'. From 1804 until the Russian Revolution, the Ukrainian language was banned from schools in the Russian Empire, of which Eastern Ukraine was a part at the time. It has always maintained a sufficient base in Western Ukraine, where the language was never banned, in its folklore songs, itinerant musicians, and prominent authors.\nThe standard Ukrainian language is regulated by the National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine, particularly by its Institute for the Ukrainian Language, Ukrainian language-information fund, and Potebnya Institute of Language Studies. Lexically, the closest to Ukrainian is Belarusian, followed by Polish, Serbo-Croatian, Slovak and Russian. The Ukrainian language retains a degree of mutual intelligibility with Russian.
/m/075_t2	Punjab, also spelt Panjab, is a state in the northwest of the Republic of India, forming part of the larger Punjab region. The state is bordered by the Indian states of Himachal Pradesh to the east, Haryana to the south and southeast and Rajasthan to the southwest as well as the Pakistani province of Punjab to the west. It is also bounded to the north by the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir. The state capital is located in Chandigarh, which is a Union Territory and also the capital of the neighbouring state of Haryana.\nAfter the partition of India in 1947, the Punjab province of British India was divided between India and Pakistan. The Indian Punjab was divided in 1966 with the formation of the new states of Haryana and Himachal Pradesh, as well as the current state of Punjab. Punjab is the only state in India with a majority Sikh population.\nThe term Punjab comprises two words: \"punj meaning five and ab meaning water, thus the land of five rivers.\" The Greeks referred to Punjab as Pentapotamia, an inland delta of five converging rivers. In Avesta, the sacred text of Zoroastrians, the Punjab region is associated with the ancient hapta həndu or Sapta Sindhu, the Land of Seven Rivers. Historically, the Punjab region has been the gateway to the Indian Subcontinent for people from Greece, Central Asia, Iran, and Afghanistan.
/m/02sg4b	A center fielder, abbreviated CF, is the outfielder in baseball who plays defense in center field – the baseball fielding position between left field and right field. In the numbering system used to record defensive plays, the center fielder is assigned the number 8.
/m/0zlt9	Altoona is a third class city in Blair County, Pennsylvania, United States. It is the principal city of the Altoona Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 46,320 at the time of the 2010 Census, making it the tenth most populous city in Pennsylvania. The Altoona MSA includes all of Blair County and was recorded as having a population of 127,089 at the 2010 Census, around 100,000 of which live within a 5-mile radius of the Altoona city center according to U.S. Census zip code population data. This includes the adjacent boroughs of Hollidaysburg and Duncansville, adjacent townships of Logan, Allegheny, Blair, Frankstown, Antis, and Tyrone, as well as nearby boroughs of Bellwood and Newry.\nHaving grown around the railroad industry, the city is currently working to recover from industrial decline and urban decentralization experienced in recent decades. The city is home to the Altoona Curve baseball team of the Double A Eastern League, which is the Double A affiliate of the Major League Baseball team Pittsburgh Pirates. It also houses the 75+ year-old Altoona Symphony Orchestra, under the direction of Teresa Cheung. Prominent landmarks include the Horseshoe Curve, the Railroaders Memorial Museum, the Juniata Shops of the Altoona Works, the Mishler Theatre, the Cathedral of the Blessed Sacrament, and the Jaffa Shrine Center.
/m/0yzyn	Lorain is a city in Lorain County, Ohio, United States. The municipality is located in northeastern Ohio on Lake Erie, at the mouth of the Black River, about 30 miles west of Cleveland.\nAs of the 2010 census, the city had a total population of 64,097, making it Ohio's tenth largest city. Incorporated 1874.\nFord Motor Company had the Lorain Assembly Plant in the city, mostly known for assembling the Ford Econoline van, Ford Torino and Mercury Montego, and beginning in 1975 the Ford Thunderbird and Mercury Cougar; the plant ceased all production on December 14, 2005 because the UAW and Ford management were unable to come to terms on a new contract. The sprawling United States Steel Mill, portions recently acquired by Republic Steel, stretches for nearly 3 miles on the city's south side. These mills have operated in the city since 1895 and continue to employ thousands of local residents. Though the blast furnaces were idled in late 2008, Republic announced in December 2011 that they would be building electric arc furnaces to once again make steel in Lorain.
/m/026gvfj	The Lee Strasberg Theatre and Film Institute is an acting school located at 115 East 15th Street between Union Square East and Irving Place in the Union Square neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City, as well as at 7936 Santa Monica Boulevard in West Hollywood, California. The school was founded by the noted acting teacher Lee Strasberg in 1969 to teach and promote the techniques of method acting.\nThe Institute has a relationship with the Tisch School of the Arts at New York University, where students can study in an eight credit program. The institute is currently under the artistic direction of Anna Strasberg, Lee Strasberg's widow.
/m/0cb4j	Orange County is a county in the U.S. state of California. Its county seat is Santa Ana. As of the 2010 census, its population was 3,010,232, making it the third most populous county in California, behind Los Angeles County and San Diego County. It's also the second most populous county in the Greater Los Angeles Area, after Los Angeles County. It is the sixth most populous county in the United States as of 2009 and the smallest county in Southern California by area. It's roughly half the size of Ventura County, Southern California's next smallest county. It is the second most densely populated county in the state, second only to San Francisco County. The county is famous for its tourism as the home of attractions like Disneyland, Knott's Berry Farm, and several beaches along its more than 40 miles of coastline. It is known for its political conservatism — a 2005 academic study listed three Orange County cities as among America's 25 most conservative, making it one of two counties in the country containing more than one such city. It is part of the Tech Coast.\nOrange County was at one time the largest county to have declared bankruptcy. In 1994, longtime treasurer Robert Citron's investment strategies left the county with inadequate capital to allow for any rise in interest rates for its trading positions. When the residents of Orange County voted down a proposal to raise taxes in order to balance the budget, bankruptcy followed soon after. Citron later pleaded guilty to six felonies regarding the matter.
/m/0bcp9b	Sophie's Choice is a 1982 American drama film directed by Alan J. Pakula, who adapted the novel of the same name by William Styron. Meryl Streep stars as Sophie, a Polish immigrant who shares a boarding house in Brooklyn with her tempestuous lover and a young writer.\nStreep's performance was very favorably received, and it won her the Academy Award for Best Actress. The film was nominated for Best Cinematography, Costume Design, Best Music, and Best Writing, Screenplay Based on Material from Another Medium.\nBritish company ITC Entertainment produced the film, and Lew Grade was influential in bringing the novel to the big screen.
/m/04y79_n	Nelsan Ellis is an award-winning American film and television actor and playwright. He is well known for his role as Lafayette Reynolds in the HBO series True Blood, which he has been playing since 2008.
/m/0fsv2	Flagstaff is a city located in northern Arizona, in the southwestern United States. In 2012, the city's estimated population was 67,468. The combined metropolitan area of Flagstaff has an estimated population 134,421. It is the county seat of Coconino County. The city is named after a Ponderosa Pine flagpole made by a scouting party from Boston to celebrate the United States Centennial on July 4, 1876.\nFlagstaff lies near the southwestern edge of the Colorado Plateau, along the western side of the largest contiguous Ponderosa Pine forest in the continental United States. Flagstaff is located adjacent to Mount Elden, just south of the San Francisco Peaks, the highest mountain range in the state of Arizona. Humphreys Peak, the highest point in Arizona at 12,633 feet, is located about 10 miles north of Flagstaff in Kachina Peaks Wilderness.\nFlagstaff's early economy was based on the lumber, railroad, and ranching industries. Today, the city remains an important distribution hub for companies such as Nestlé Purina PetCare and Walgreens, and is home to Lowell Observatory, The U.S. Naval Observatory, the United States Geological Survey Flagstaff Station, and Northern Arizona University. Flagstaff has a strong tourism sector, due to its proximity to Grand Canyon National Park, Oak Creek Canyon, the Arizona Snowbowl, Meteor Crater, and historic Route 66. The city is also a center for medical device manufacturing, since Flagstaff is home to W. L. Gore and Associates.
/m/05zjx	Paul Reubens is an American actor, writer, film producer, game show host, and comedian, best known for his character Pee-wee Herman. Reubens joined the Los Angeles troupe The Groundlings in the 1970s and started his career as an improvisational comedian and stage actor. In 1982, Reubens put up a show about a character he had been developing during the last few years. The show was called The Pee-wee Herman Show and it ran for five sold-out months with HBO producing a successful special about it. Pee-wee became an instant cult figure and for the next decade Reubens would be completely committed to his character, doing all of his public appearances and interviews as Pee-wee. In 1985 Pee-wee's Big Adventure, directed by the then-unknown Tim Burton, was a financial success and, despite receiving mixed reviews, it developed into a cult film. Big Top Pee-wee, 1988's sequel, was less successful than its predecessor. Between 1986 and 1990, Reubens starred as Pee-wee in the CBS Saturday-morning children's program Pee-wee's Playhouse.\nIn July 1991, after deciding to take a few years' sabbatical from Pee-wee, Reubens was arrested for indecent exposure in an adult theater in Sarasota, Florida. The arrest set off a chain reaction of national media attention that changed the general public's view of Reubens and Pee-wee. The arrest postponed Reubens' involvement in big projects until 1999, when he appeared in the big-budget projects Mystery Men and Blow and started giving interviews as himself rather than as Pee-wee.
/m/01jpmpv	Dimitri Zinovievich Tiomkin was a Russian-born Hollywood film score composer and conductor. Musically trained in Russia, he is best known for his western scores, including Duel in the Sun, High Noon, Gunfight at the O.K. Corral, and The Alamo. Tiomkin received twenty-two Academy Award nominations and won four Oscars, three for Best Original Score for High Noon, The High and the Mighty and The Old Man and the Sea, and one for Best Original Song for \"The Ballad of High Noon\" from the former film. He was the first composer to win in both categories for the same film.
/m/02cbvn	Aligarh Muslim University is a public university, funded by the central government of India. It was established by Sir Syed Ahmed Khan as Madrasatul Uloom Musalmanan-e-Hind, in 1875-78 which later became Mohammedan Anglo-Oriental College. It was designed to train Muslims for government service in India and prepare them for advanced training in British universities. The Mohammedan Anglo-Oriental College became Aligarh Muslim University in 1920. The main campus of AMU is located in the city of Aligarh. There are two fully functioning off-campus centers located in the cities of Malappuram and Murshidabad. Since November 2013, a new campus started functioning at Kishanganj. The AMU sub campus at Kishanganj is housed in two separate buildings temporarily.
/m/01w5gp	Adult Swim is an American cable network that shares channel space with Cartoon Network, both of which are owned by the Turner Broadcasting System division of Time Warner, every night from 9:00 p.m. until 6:00 a.m. ET/PT in the United States. The network is programmed by Williams Street Studios, a division of Turner Broadcasting System, which also developed two prior blocks seen on Cartoon Network, Toonami and Miguzi.\nBroadcast since 2001, much of the network's general content is known for its risqué, unorthodox and often bizarre presentation, while many of the series features are developed in stark contrast with traditional American television programs. The network was granted its own Nielsen ratings report due to differing target demographics, and broadcasts in countries such as Australia and New Zealand. The block features stylistically varied animated and live-action shows including original programming, syndicated series, short films, OVAs and Japanese anime, generally with minimal or no editing for content.\nIn the United States, Adult Swim has, over the course of its history, frequently cycled through and aired either recent or older features of adult animation, Japanese anime, mockumentaries and sketch comedy, among many other programs consisting of pilots and their subsequent, short-lived series and numerous spinoffs and shows that have sexual themes, frank sexual discussion, nudity, strong language and graphic violence. While the network features trendy comedies and dramas of all types, many of its programs could be considered aesthetically experimental, transgressive, improvised and surreal in nature. Adult Swim has contracted with various studios such as Williams Street, Augenblick Studios and PFFR, all of which are notable for their productions in absurd and shock comedy. As of 2014, Aqua Teen Hunger Force is the longest running original series on the network.
/m/08hmch	X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a 2009 superhero film distributed by 20th Century Fox, based on the Marvel Comics' fictional character Wolverine. it is the fourth installament in the X-Men film series. The film was directed by Gavin Hood, written by David Benioff and Skip Woods, and produced by and starring Hugh Jackman. It co-stars Liev Schreiber, Lynn Collins, Taylor Kitsch, will.i.am, Kevin Durand, Dominic Monaghan, Daniel Henney and Ryan Reynolds. The film is a prequel focusing on the violent past of the mutant Wolverine and his relationship with his half-brother Victor Creed. The plot details Wolverine's childhood as James Howlett, his early encounters with Major William Stryker, his time with Team X, and the bonding of Wolverine's skeleton with the indestructible metal adamantium during the Weapon X program.\nThe film was mostly shot in Australia and New Zealand, with Canada also serving as a location. Production and post-production were troubled, with delays due to the weather and Jackman's other commitments, an incomplete screenplay that was still being written in Los Angeles while principal photography rolled in Australia, conflicts arising between director Hood and Fox's executives, and an unfinished workprint being leaked on the Internet one month before the film's debut.
/m/0d35y	Phoenix is the capital, and largest city, of the U.S. state of Arizona. With 1,445,632 people, Phoenix is the most populous state capital in the United States, as well as the sixth most populous city nationally, after New York, Los Angeles, Chicago, Houston, and Philadelphia.\nIt is the anchor of the Phoenix metropolitan area, the 12th largest metro area by population in the United States with about 4.3 million people in 2010. In addition, Phoenix is the county seat of Maricopa County and is one of the largest cities in the United States by land area.\nSettled in 1867 as an agricultural community near where the Salt River merges with the Gila River, Phoenix was incorporated as a city in 1881. Phoenix's canal system led to a thriving farming community, many of the original crops remained important parts of the Phoenix economy for decades, such as alfalfa, cotton, citrus and hay. In fact, the \"Five C's\", remained the driving forces of Phoenix's economy until after World War II, when high tech industries began to move into the valley.
/m/047q2wc	Jim Wilson is a film producer. He won the Oscar for Best Picture of 1990 for Dances with Wolves, which he shared with fellow producer Kevin Costner.
/m/04b_46	The Tisch School of the Arts is one of the 15 schools that make up New York University. Founded in August 17, 1965, Tisch is a centers of study in the performing and media arts. Tisch is a training ground for artists, scholars of the arts, and creative entrepreneurs. The school merges the technical training of a professional school with the academic resources of a major research university to immerse students in their intended artistic disciplines.
/m/01vvb4m	Nicolas Kim Coppola, known professionally as Nicolas Cage, is an American actor, director, and producer. He has performed in leading roles in a variety of films, ranging from romantic comedies and dramas to science fiction and action films. Cage is known for his prolificacy, appearing in at least one film per year nearly every year since 1980, with the exception of 1985 and 1991.\nIn the early years of his career, Cage starred in films such as Valley Girl, Racing with the Moon, Birdy, Peggy Sue Got Married, Raising Arizona, Moonstruck, Vampire's Kiss, Wild at Heart, Honeymoon in Vegas, and Red Rock West.\nCage received an Academy Award, a Golden Globe, and Screen Actors Guild Award for his performance as an alcoholic Hollywood writer in Leaving Las Vegas before coming to the attention of wider audiences with mainstream films such as The Rock, Face/Off, Con Air, City of Angels, and National Treasure. He earned his second Academy Award nomination for his performance as Charlie and Donald Kaufman in Adaptation. In 2002, he directed the film Sonny, for which he was nominated for Grand Special Prize at Deauville Film Festival. Cage owns the production company Saturn Films and has produced films such as Shadow of the Vampire and The Life of David Gale.
/m/026dcvf	Christopher Whitesell is an American television soap opera writer. He has served as either co-head writer, associate head writer, or a breakdown writer on the shows he's worked on. In April 2012, he was named co-head writer of Days of Our Lives with Gary Tomlin, replacing Marlene Clark McPherson and Darrell Ray Thomas who had been let go.
/m/015bpl	Star Trek VI: The Undiscovered Country is a 1991 American science fiction film released by Paramount Pictures. It is the sixth installment in the Star Trek franchise and was directed by Nicholas Meyer and written by Meyer with Denny Martin Flinn. After the destruction of the moon Praxis leads the Klingon Empire to pursue peace with their long-time adversary the Federation, the crew of the USS Enterprise must race against unseen conspirators with a militaristic agenda.\nThe Undiscovered Country was initially planned as a prequel to the original series, with younger actors portraying the crew of the Enterprise while attending Starfleet Academy, but the idea was discarded because of negative reaction from the cast and the fans. Faced with producing a new film in time for Star Trek's 25th anniversary, Flinn and Meyer, the director of Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan, wrote a script based on a suggestion from Leonard Nimoy about what would happen if \"the wall came down in space\", touching on the contemporary events of the Cold War.\nPrincipal photography took place between April and September 1991. The production budget was smaller than anticipated because of the critical and commercial failure of Star Trek V: The Final Frontier. Because of a lack of sound stage space on the Paramount Pictures lots, many scenes were filmed around Hollywood. Meyer and cinematographer Hiro Narita aimed for a darker and more dramatic mood, subtly altering redresses of sets originally used for the television series Star Trek: The Next Generation. Producer Steven-Charles Jaffe led a second unit that filmed on an Alaskan glacier that stood in for a Klingon gulag. Cliff Eidelman produced the film's score, which is intentionally darker than any previous Star Trek offering.
/m/01963w	Carolyn Janice Cherry, better known by the pen name C. J. Cherryh, is a United States science fiction and fantasy author. She has written more than 60 books since the mid-1970s, including the Hugo Award winning novels Downbelow Station and Cyteen, both set in her Alliance-Union universe.\nCherryh appended a silent \"h\" to her real name because her first editor, Donald A. Wollheim, felt that \"Cherry\" sounded too much like a romance writer. Her initials, C.J., were used to disguise the fact that she was female at a time when almost all science fiction authors were male.\nThe author has an asteroid, 77185 Cherryh, named after her. Referring to this honor, the asteroid's discoverers wrote of Cherryh: \"She has challenged us to be worthy of the stars by imagining how mankind might grow to live among them.\" Cherryh was the Guest of Honor at FenCon IX in Dallas/Fort Worth on September 21–23, 2012.
/m/0fvf9q	Scott Rudin is an American film producer and a theatrical producer. In 2012, Rudin became one of the few people who have won an Emmy, Grammy, Oscar and Tony Award, and the first producer to do so.
/m/0by292	Candlelight Records is an independent record label based in Europe founded by former Extreme Noise Terror bassist Lee Barrett, though it has had a division in the United States since January 2001. Candlelight Records specialises in black metal, and later on melodic death metal and death metal, having bands such as Emperor, Obituary, 1349, Theatre of Tragedy, Xerath, Dismember, Keep of Kalessin, TheLord, Nachtmystium, KKDT42 and Zyklon on its roster. The label is notable for putting out early releases from influential bands such as TheLord, Opeth and Emperor. Candlelight Records is in co-operation with Appease Me Records and AFM Records.
/m/04m2zj	Arjen Anthony Lucassen is a Dutch progressive metal/rock songwriter, singer, multi-instrumentalist musician and record producer, best known for his long-running progressive opera project titled Ayreon.\nLucassen started his career in 1980 as the guitarist and backing vocalist of Dutch band Bodine as Iron Anthony, before joining Vengeance in 1984. After eight years he left the band, wanting to go into a more progressive direction, and released two years later an unsuccessful solo album entitled Pools of Sorrow, Waves of Joy under the nickname Anthony.\nIn 1995, Lucassen released an album uncredited to any artist called Ayreon: The Final Experiment, in which he sang, wrote every song and played most of the instruments. The album conducted to the creation of successful progressive rock/metal project Ayreon, which established Lucassen as a notable composer of rock operas. Following Ayreon's success, Lucassen has been involved in many other projects: he is the creator and current guitarist/keyboardist of Star One, Guilt Machine, the currently inactive band Ambeon, and the creator and former guitarist of Stream of Passion. He composes and writes most of his songs, but leaves the lyrics to his musical partners in some of his projects.
/m/01xn57g	PAE Asteras Tripolis is a Greek football club from the town of Tripoli in Arcadia, Greece. The club was founded in 1931 and since the 2007–08 season they play in the Greek Super League, the highest professional league in the country. The word \"Asteras\" means \"star\".
/m/01ws9n6	Stephen Ellis Garrett, also known as Static Major, was a Grammy Award-Winning American rapper, singer, songwriter and record producer from Louisville, Kentucky. He was a member of the R&B trio Playa. Static Major gained posthumous fame for appearing on Lil Wayne's 2008 album Tha Carter III on the song \"Lollipop\". He was a producer of songs from several artists, including Aaliyah, Ginuwine, Pretty Ricky, and Beyonce. He died unexpectedly in his hospital room before his debut album was released. His debut album was slated to be released around the 5th anniversary of his passing in 2013, but nothing surfaced.
/m/01vhrz	David Lawrence Geffen is an American business magnate, producer, film studio executive and philanthropist. Geffen is noted for creating Asylum Records in 1970, Geffen Records in 1980, and DGC Records in 1990. Geffen was also one of the three founders of DreamWorks SKG in 1994.
/m/02tfl8	Abdominal pain is a common symptom associated with transient disorders or serious disease. Diagnosing the cause of abdominal pain can be difficult, because many diseases can cause this symptom. Most frequently the cause is benign and/or self-limiting, but more serious causes may require urgent intervention.
/m/05d49	Nairobi is the capital and largest city of Kenya. The city and its surrounding area also form the Nairobi County. The name \"Nairobi\" comes from the Maasai phrase Enkare Nyrobi, which translates to \"cold water\". The phrase is also the Maasai name of the Nairobi river, which in turn lent its name to the city. However, it is popularly known as the \"Green City in the Sun\" and is surrounded by several expanding villa suburbs. Inhabitants of Nairobi are referred to as Nairobians, and the city is governed by the County Government of Nairobi, whose current governor is Evans Kidero.\nFounded by the British in 1899 as a simple rail depot on the railway linking Mombasa to Uganda, the town quickly grew to become the capital of British East Africa in 1907, and eventually the capital of the newly independent Kenyan republic in 1963. During Kenya's colonial period, the city became a centre for the colony's coffee, tea and sisal industry. Nairobi city is also a county in itself. The city lies on the Nairobi River, in the south of the nation and has an elevation of 1795 m above sea-level.\nNairobi is the most populous city in East Africa, with a current estimated population of about 3 million. According to the 2009 Census, in the administrative area of Nairobi, 3,138,295 inhabitants lived within 696 km². Nairobi is currently the 14th largest city in Africa, including the population of its suburbs.
/m/03zbg0	The Jamaica national football team is the national football team of Jamaica and is controlled by the Jamaica Football Federation. Jamaica is typically one of the top ranked teams in CONCACAF and has won the Caribbean Cup five times.\nJamaica is the smallest nation to score and win a game in the FIFA World Cup finals — two feats previously held by Northern Ireland since 1958 — when Robbie Earle scored the side's only goal in a 3–1 defeat against Croatia and then beat Japan 2–1 at the 1998 World Cup, respectively. Jamaica are also, along with United States and Costa Rica, one of the rare teams from the CONCACAF region to draw against Mexico in the Estadio Azteca in a World Cup qualifier match.
/m/013bd1	David Suchet, CBE is an English actor, known for his work on British television. He played Edward Teller in the TV serial Oppenheimer and received the RTS- and BPG awards for his performance as Augustus Melmotte in the 2001 British serial The Way We Live Now. For his role as Agatha Christie's detective Hercule Poirot in Agatha Christie's Poirot he received a 1991 British Academy Television Award nomination.
/m/02x2097	UTV Motion Pictures is a film unit of Disney-UTV, a subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company.\nUTV Motion Pictures have formed one of the leading film studios in India. The Studio’s activities span across creative development, production, marketing, distribution, licensing, merchandising and syndication of films in India and worldwide.\nUTV Motion Pictures as a dominant player in the Indian film industry has been in the forefront of bringing Indian films to a global audience and the last decade in Indian cinema has seen UTV Motion Pictures delivering some of the most iconic films. UTV Motion Pictures' films have also been selected to represent India at the Academy awards; films were Rang De Basanti, Harishchandrachi Factory Peepli Live and Barfi!. In 2011, UTV Motion Pictures also became one of the few studios to successfully venture into South Indian cinema. UTV Motion Pictures has a library of over 70 films including Hindi, Regional, Animation and International Productions, which have been showcased in over 50 festivals across 28 countries, receiving almost 250 awards in the last 7 years.
/m/02gdjb	The Grammy Award for Best Pop Instrumental Performance was awarded between 1969 and 2011.\nIn 1969 it was awarded as Best Contemporary-Pop Performance, Instrumental\nFrom 1970 to 1971 it was awarded as Best Contemporary Instrumental Performance\nIn 1972 it was awarded as Best Pop Instrumental Performance\nIn 1973 it was awarded as Best Pop Instrumental Performance by an Instrumental Performer\nFrom 1974 to 1975 it was again awarded as Best Pop Instrumental Performance\nFrom 1986 to 1989 it was awarded as Best Pop Instrumental Performance\nSince 1990 it has again been awarded as Best Pop Instrumental Performance\nThe award was discontinued from 2011 in a major overhaul of Grammy categories. From 2012, all instrumental performances in the pop category was shifted to either the newly formed Best Pop Solo Performance or Best Pop Duo/Group Performance categories.\nA similar award for Best Instrumental Performance was awarded from 1965 to 1968. This was also in the pop field, but did not specify pop music.
/m/030155	Anita Denise Baker is an American singer-songwriter. Starting her career in the late-1970s with the funk band Chapter 8, Baker eventually released her first solo album, The Songstress, in 1983. In 1986, she rose to stardom following the release of her platinum-selling second album, Rapture, which included the Grammy-winning single \"Sweet Love\". To date, Baker has won eight Grammy Awards and has four platinum albums and two gold albums to her credit. Baker has an alto vocal style.
/m/01v0fn1	Keith Forsey is an English soundtrack composer, drummer, songwriter and record producer.
/m/071vr	San Diego is a major city in California, on the coast of the Pacific Ocean in Southern California, approximately 120 miles south of Los Angeles and immediately adjacent to the border with Mexico. San Diego is the eighth largest city in the United States and second largest in California and is one of the fastest growing cities in the nation. San Diego is the birthplace of California and is known for its mild year-round climate, natural deep-water harbor, extensive beaches, long association with the U.S. Navy, and recent emergence as a healthcare and biotechnology development center. The population was estimated to be 1,322,553 as of 2012.\nHistorically home to the Kumeyaay people, San Diego was the first site visited by Europeans on what is now the West Coast of the United States. Upon landing in San Diego Bay in 1542, Juan Cabrillo claimed the entire area for Spain, forming the basis for the settlement of Alta California 200 years later. The Presidio and Mission of San Diego, founded in 1769, formed the first European settlement in what is now California. In 1821, San Diego became part of newly independent Mexico, and in 1850, became part of the United States following the Mexican-American War and the admission of California to the union.
/m/048t8y	The Criterion Collection is a video-distribution company that sells \"important classic and contemporary films\" to film aficionados. The Criterion Collection is dedicated to gathering the greatest films from around the world and publishing them in editions of the highest technical quality, with supplemental features that enhance the appreciation of the art of film. Criterion is noted for helping to standardize the letterbox format for widescreen films, bonus features, and special editions for home video.
/m/03c6s24	The 1908 Major League Baseball season. The Chicago Cubs defeated the Detroit Tigers 4–1 to win the World Series.
/m/0pk1p	Hudson Hawk is a 1991 American action comedy film directed by Michael Lehmann. Bruce Willis stars in the title role and also co-wrote the story. Danny Aiello, Andie MacDowell, James Coburn, David Caruso, Lorraine Toussaint, Frank Stallone, Sandra Bernhard, and Richard E. Grant are also featured.\nThe live action film makes heavy use of cartoon-style slapstick, including sound effects, which enhances the movie's signature surreal humour. The plot combines material based on conspiracy theories, secret societies, and historic mysteries, as well as outlandish \"clockpunk\" technology à la Coburn's Our Man Flint movies of the 1960s.\nA recurring plot device in the film has Hudson and his partner Tommy \"Five-Tone\" singing songs concurrently but separately, to time and synchronize their exploits. Willis-Aiello duets of Bing Crosby's Swinging on a Star and Paul Anka's Side by Side feature on the film's soundtrack.
/m/01zh3_	Laval University is the oldest centre of education in Canada, and was the first institution in North America to offer higher education in French. Its main campus is located on the outskirts of the historic city in Quebec City, the capital of the Province of Quebec. The university is ranked among the top ten Canadian universities in terms of research funding.
/m/04zwc	Macquarie University is an Australian public teaching and research university in Macquarie Park, New South Wales. Macquarie is ranked in the 201st-300th bracket and 8th-9th in Australia in the 2013 Academic Ranking of World Universities. Founded in 1964 by the New South Wales Government, it was the third university to be established in the metropolitan area of Sydney. The university comprises four faculties, and is the fourth largest University in Sydney. At present, the university offers 87 undergraduate courses and 124 different postgraduate courses to students. The university is governed by a 17-member Council.\nMacquarie University also has the largest student exchange programme in Australia. The university is also ranked among the national top five recipients of relative research income.\nAlso affiliated with the university are several research centres, schools and institutes including the Macquarie Graduate School of Management, Australian Proteome Analysis Facility, the Institute of Human Cognition and Brain Science, the Macquarie University Research Park and the Macquarie University Hospital.\nMacquarie University's linguistics department developed the Macquarie Dictionary, the copyright on which it still owns.
/m/013nky	King's College is a constituent college of the University of Cambridge in Cambridge, England. Formally named The King's College of Our Lady and Saint Nicholas in Cambridge, the college lies on the River Cam and faces out onto King's Parade in the centre of the city.\nKing's was founded in 1441 by Henry VI, soon after he had founded its sister college in Eton. However, the King's plans for the college were disrupted by the Wars of the Roses and resultant scarcity of funds, and his eventual deposition. Little progress was made on the project until in 1508 Henry VII began to take an interest in the college, most likely as a political move to legitimise his new position. The building of the college's chapel, begun in 1446, was finally finished in 1544 during the reign of Henry VIII.\nKing's College Chapel is regarded as one of the greatest examples of late Gothic English architecture. It has the world's largest fan-vault, and the chapel's stained-glass windows and wooden chancel screen are considered some of the finest from their era. The building is seen as emblematic of Cambridge. The chapel's choir, composed of male students at King's and choristers from the nearby King's College School, is one of the most accomplished and renowned in the world. Every year on Christmas Eve the Festival of Nine Lessons and Carols is broadcast from the chapel to millions of listeners worldwide.
/m/096ysw	ANTI- is a USA record label founded in 1999 as a sister label of Epitaph.\nWhile Epitaph's focus has shifted over the last decade from mostly punk rock, nowadays ANTI- has a more diverse roster, including: country, hip hop, reggae, soul, indie folk, rap rock, indie rock and Tom Waits.\nHeaded by Andy Kaulkin, ANTI- first gained attention by releasing Tom Waits' Grammy award winning Mule Variations in 1999. Along with Waits, several veteran recording artists such as rhythm and blues singers Solomon Burke, Bettye LaVette and Marianne Faithfull have signed onto ANTI- after leaving other major labels.
/m/0l8g0	The Flaming Lips are an American rock band formed in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma in 1983. Instrumentally, their sound contains lush, multi-layered, psychedelic rock arrangements, but lyrically their compositions show elements of space rock, including unusual song and album titles—such as \"What Is the Light?\". They are also acclaimed for their elaborate live shows, which feature costumes, balloons, puppets, video projections, complex stage light configurations, giant hands, large amounts of confetti, and frontman Wayne Coyne's signature man-sized plastic bubble, in which he traverses the audience. In 2002, Q magazine named The Flaming Lips one of the \"50 Bands to See Before You Die.\"\nThe band is best known for its associations with 1960s and 1970s psychedelic subculture, with elements of this culture permeating the group's instrumentation, effects, and composition. Coyne's lyrics, in particular, both reference and embody the fascination with the science fiction and space opera genres of fiction that were popular during the golden age of psychedelic subculture. His lyrical style tends to use the imagery and plot conventions of space opera to frame more abstract themes about the unfolding cycles of romantic love, highlighting its vulnerability while delving into its metaphysical implications.
/m/0mp08	Danville is an independent city in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 43,055. It is bounded by Pittsylvania County, Virginia and Caswell County, North Carolina. It hosts the Danville Braves baseball club of the Appalachian League.\nDanville is the principal city of the Danville, Virginia Micropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/016z43	The Fisher King is a 1991 American comedy-drama film written by Richard LaGravenese and directed by Terry Gilliam. It stars Robin Williams and Jeff Bridges, with Mercedes Ruehl, Amanda Plummer, and Michael Jeter in supporting roles. The film is about a radio shock-jock who tries to find redemption by helping a man whose life he inadvertently shattered.
/m/03kxzm	Greater Boston is the area of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts surrounding the city of Boston, consisting most of the eastern third of Massachusetts, excluding the South Coast, Cape Cod & The Islands. The area can be characterized as the metropolitan statistical area or the combined statistical area, the latter which includes the metro areas of Manchester, New Hampshire; Providence, Rhode Island and Worcester, Massachusetts.\nBy contrast, Metro Boston is usually reserved to signify the \"inner core\" surrounding the City of Boston, while \"Greater Boston\" usually at least overlaps the North and South Shores, as well as MetroWest and the Merrimack Valley.\nGreater Boston is tenth in population among U.S. metropolitan statistical areas in the United States, home to 4,552,402 people as of the 2010 U.S. Census and is ranked sixth among CSAs, having 7,893,376 people.\nGreater Boston has many sites and people significant to American history and culture, particularly the American Revolution, civil rights, literature, and politics, and is one of the nation's centers of education, finance, industry, and tourism, with the sixth-largest Gross metropolitan product in the country and twelfth-largest in the world.
/m/0r540	Oceanside is a coastal city located on California's South Coast. It is the third-largest city in San Diego County, California. The city had a population of 183,095 at the 2010 census. Together with Carlsbad and Vista, it forms a tri-city area. Oceanside is located just south of Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton.
/m/01pbxb	Robyn Robbins is a keyboard player.
/m/0cskb	Buffy the Vampire Slayer is an American television series which aired from March 10, 1997 until May 20, 2003. The series was created in 1997 by writer-director Joss Whedon under his production tag, Mutant Enemy Productions with later co-executive producers being Jane Espenson, David Fury, David Greenwalt, Doug Petrie, Marti Noxon, and David Solomon. The series narrative follows Buffy Summers, the latest in a line of young women known as \"Vampire Slayers\" or simply \"Slayers\". In the story, Slayers are \"called\" to battle against vampires, demons, and other forces of darkness. Like previous Slayers, Buffy is aided by a Watcher, who guides, teaches, and trains her. Unlike her predecessors, Buffy surrounds herself with a circle of loyal friends who become known as the \"Scooby Gang\".\nThe series received critical and popular acclaim and usually reached between four and six million viewers on original airings. Although such ratings are lower than successful shows on the \"big four\" networks, they were a success for the relatively new and smaller WB Television Network. The show was ranked 41st on TV Guide's list of 50 Greatest TV Shows of All Time, second on Empire's \"50 Greatest TV Shows of All Time\", voted third in 2004 and 2007 on TV Guide's \"Top Cult Shows Ever\" and listed in Time magazine's \"100 Best TV Shows of All-Time\". In 2013, TV Guide also included it in its list of The 60 Greatest Dramas of All Time. Buffy was also named the third Best School Show of All Time by AOL TV. It was nominated for Emmy and Golden Globe awards, winning a total of three Emmys. However, snubs in lead Emmy categories resulted in outrage among TV critics and the decision by the academy to hold a tribute event in honor of the series after it had gone off the air in 2003.
/m/0xmlp	East Orange is a city in Essex County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census the city's population 64,270 reflecting a decline of 5,554 from the 69,824 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn declined by 3,728 from the 73,552 counted in the 1990 Census. The city was the state's 20th most-populous municipality in 2010, after having been the state's 14th most-populous municipality in 2000.\nEast Orange was originally incorporated as a township by an Act of the New Jersey Legislature on March 4, 1863, from portions of Orange town, and was reincorporated as a city on December 9, 1899, based on the results of a referendum held two days earlier.
/m/0bbgly	Mutiny on the Bounty is a 1935 film starring Charles Laughton and Clark Gable, and directed by Frank Lloyd based on the Charles Nordhoff and James Norman Hall novel Mutiny on the Bounty.\nThe film was one of the biggest hits of its time. Although its historical accuracy has been questioned, film critics consider this adaptation to be the best cinematic work inspired by the mutiny.
/m/014gjp	M*A*S*H is an American television series developed by Larry Gelbart, adapted from the 1970 feature film MASH. The series, which was produced in association with 20th Century Fox Television for CBS, follows a team of doctors and support staff stationed at the \"4077th Mobile Army Surgical Hospital\" in Uijeongbu, South Korea during the Korean War. The show's title sequence features an instrumental version of \"Suicide Is Painless\", the theme song from the original film. The show was created after an attempt to film the original book's sequel, M*A*S*H Goes to Maine, failed. The T.V show version of MASH is the most well known version of the M*A*S*H works, and one of the highest rated shows in U.S. television history.\nThe series premiered in the U.S. on September 17, 1972, and ended February 28, 1983, with the finale, \"Goodbye, Farewell and Amen\", becoming the most watched television episode in U.S. television history at the time, with a record-breaking 125 million viewers, according to the New York Times. It had struggled in its first season and was at risk of being cancelled. Season two of M*A*S*H placed it in a better time slot; the show became one of the top ten programs of the year and stayed in the top twenty programs for the rest of its eleven-season run. It is still broadcast in syndication on various television stations. The series, which depicted a three-year military conflict, spanned 256 episodes and lasted eleven seasons.
/m/01rzxl	Terry Gene Bollea, better known by his ring name Hulk Hogan, is an American semi-retired professional wrestler, actor, television personality, entrepreneur, and musician currently signed with WWE.\nHogan enjoyed mainstream popularity in the 1980s and 90s as the all-American character Hulk Hogan in the World Wrestling Federation, and as \"Hollywood\" Hulk Hogan, the villainous nWo leader, in World Championship Wrestling. A regular pay-per-view headliner in both organizations, Hogan closed the respective premier annual events of the WWF and WCW, WrestleMania and Starrcade, on multiple occasions. He was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2005. He was signed to Total Nonstop Action Wrestling from 2010 until 2013, where he was the on-screen General Manager.\nHulk Hogan is a 12-time world champion being a six-time WWF/E Champion and six-time WCW World Heavyweight Champion. He is the third longest combined reigning WWF Champion of all time, the longest-reigning champion of the 1980s, and holds two of the ten longest title runs in WWF/E history, having held the title for 1,474 days from 1984-1988 and 364 days from 1989 to 1990. He is also the longest-reigning WCW World Heavyweight Champion of all time, with a 469-day reign from 1994-1995. Hogan won the Royal Rumble in 1990 and 1991, making him the first man to win two consecutive Royal Rumbles.
/m/05172y	The term director-general is a title given the highest executive officer within a governmental, statutory, NGO, third sector or not-for-profit institution.
/m/015mrk	Lauryn Hill is an American singer–songwriter, rapper, producer, and actress. She is best known for being a member of the Fugees and for her solo album, The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill.\nRaised in South Orange, New Jersey, Hill began singing with her music-oriented family during her childhood. She enjoyed success as an actress at an early age, appearing in a recurring role on the television soap opera As the World Turns and starring in the film Sister Act 2: Back in the Habit. In high school, Hill was approached by Pras Michel to start a band, which his cousin Wyclef Jean soon joined. They renamed themselves the Fugees and released two studio albums, Blunted on Reality and the Grammy Award-winning The Score, which sold six million copies in the United States. In the latter record, Hill rose to prominence with her African-America and Caribbean music influences, her rapping and singing, and a rendition of the hit \"Killing Me Softly\". Hill's tumultuous romantic relationship with Jean led to the split of the band in 1997 to focus on solo projects.\nThe Miseducation of Lauryn Hill remains Hill's only solo studio album. It received massive critical acclaim, showcasing a representation of life and relationships and finding a contemporary feminist voice with the neo soul genre. The album debuted at number one on the U.S. Billboard 200 and has sold approximately eight million copies there. It included the singles \"Doo Wop\", \"Ex-Factor\", and \"Everything Is Everything\". At the 41st Grammy Awards, the record earned her five awards, including Album of the Year and Best New Artist. She won numerous additional awards and became a common sight on the cover of magazines.
/m/02s0pp	The Legislative Assembly, or lower house, is one of the two chambers of parliament in the Australian state of Western Australia. It sits in Parliament House in the state capital, Perth.\nThe Legislative Assembly today has 59 members, elected for four-year terms from single-member electoral districts. Members are elected using the preferential voting system. As with all other Australian states and territories, voting is compulsory for all those over the legal voting age of 18.
/m/0cc5tgk	Sebastian Krys is an Argentine born and Miami raised record producer and mixer. A four-time Grammy and eight-time Latin Grammy winner, Krys has worked with many Spanish language pop and rock artists such as Gloria Estefan, Carlos Vives, Shakira, Alejandro Sanz, Luis Fonsi, Vega, Kinky, Los Rabanes, Obie Bermúdez, Ricky Martin, Marc Anthony, Lori Meyers, La Santa Cecilia and Will Smith.
/m/0w6w	Augustine of Hippo, also known as Saint Augustine or Saint Austin, was an early Christian theologian whose writings were very influential in the development of Western Christianity and Western philosophy. He was bishop of Hippo Regius located in the Roman province of Africa. Writing during the Patristic Era, he is viewed as one of the most important Church Fathers. Among his most important works are City of God and Confessions, which continue to be read widely today.\nAccording to his contemporary, Jerome, Augustine \"established anew the ancient Faith.\" In his early years, he was heavily influenced by Manichaeism and afterward by the Neo-Platonism of Plotinus. After his conversion to Christianity and his baptism in 387, Augustine developed his own approach to philosophy and theology, accommodating a variety of methods and different perspectives. Believing that the grace of Christ was indispensable to human freedom, he helped to formulate the doctrine of original sin and made seminal contributions to the development of just war theory.\nWhen the Western Roman Empire began to disintegrate, Augustine developed the concept of the Catholic Church as a spiritual City of God, distinct from the material Earthly City. His thoughts profoundly influenced the medieval worldview. Augustine's City of God was closely identified with the segment of the Church that adhered to the concept of the Trinity as defined by the Council of Nicaea and the Council of Constantinople.
/m/04255q	Busan IPark is a South Korean professional football club based in Busan, South Korea that currently competes in the K League Classic. Its current home ground is Busan Asiad Stadium. As one of the original five members of the Korean Super League, Busan IPark holds the distinction of being one of three clubs to continuously compete in the K-League since 1983, the league's inaugural season. Initially, the club was simply called Daewoo in reference to the company that originally owned and financed it.
/m/018009	Eric Bana is an Australian film and television actor. He began his career as a comedian in the sketch comedy series Full Frontal before gaining critical recognition in the biographical film Chopper. After a decade of roles in Australian TV shows and films, Bana gained Hollywood's attention for his performance in Black Hawk Down and by playing the lead role as Hulk/Bruce Banner in the Ang Lee-directed Marvel Comics film Hulk with Jennifer Connelly. He has since played Hector in the movie Troy, the lead in Steven Spielberg's Munich, and the villain Nero in the science-fiction film Star Trek.\nAn accomplished dramatic actor and comedian, he received Australia's highest film and television awards for his performances in Chopper, Full Frontal and Romulus, My Father. Bana has performed across a wide spectrum of leading roles in a variety of low-budget and major studio films, ranging from romantic comedies and drama to science fiction and action thrillers.
/m/04qr6d	Vishal Bhardwaj is an Indian film director, writer, screenwriter, producer, music composer and playback singer.He produces films under his banner VB Pictures.
/m/05kfs	William Oliver Stone is an American film director, screenwriter, producer and veteran. Stone came to public prominence between the mid-1980s and the early 1990s for writing and directing a series of films about the Vietnam War, in which he had participated as an infantry soldier. Many of Stone's films focus on contemporary and controversial American political and cultural issues, such as JFK, Natural Born Killers, and Nixon.\nStone's films often combine different camera and film formats within a single scene as evidenced in JFK, Natural Born Killers, and Nixon. British newspaper The Guardian has described Stone as \"one of the few committed men of the left working in mainstream American cinema.\" Stone has received three Academy Awards for his work on the films Midnight Express, Platoon, and Born on the Fourth of July. He was presented with the Extraordinary Contribution to Filmmaking Award at the 2007 Austin Film Festival.
/m/01kf3_9	Moonraker is the eleventh spy film in the James Bond series, and the fourth to star Roger Moore as the fictional MI6 agent James Bond. The third and final film in the series to be directed by Lewis Gilbert, it co-stars Lois Chiles, Michael Lonsdale, Corinne Cléry, and Richard Kiel. Bond investigates the theft of a space shuttle, leading him to Hugo Drax, the owner of the shuttle's manufacturing firm. Along with space scientist Dr. Holly Goodhead, Bond follows the trail from California to Venice, Rio de Janeiro, and the Amazon rainforest, and finally into outer space to prevent a plot to wipe out the world population and to re-create humanity with a master race.\nMoonraker was intended by its creator Ian Fleming to become a film even before he completed the novel in 1954, since he based it on a screenplay manuscript he had written even earlier. The film's producers had originally intended to film For Your Eyes Only, but instead chose this title due to the rise of the science fiction genre in the wake of the Star Wars phenomenon. Budgetary issues caused the film to be primarily shot in France, with locations also in Italy, Brazil, Guatemala and the United States. The soundstages of Pinewood Studios in England, traditionally used for the series, were only used by the special effects team.
/m/0266s9	Monk is an American comedy-drama detective mystery television series created by Andy Breckman and starring Tony Shalhoub as the eponymous character, Adrian Monk. It originally ran from 2002 to 2009 and is primarily a police procedural series, and also exhibits comic and dramatic tones in its exploration of the main characters' personal lives. The series was produced by Mandeville Films and Touchstone Television in association with Universal Television.\nThe series debuted on July 12, 2002, on USA Network. It was well-received and continued for eight seasons, with the final season concluding on December 4, 2009. The series held the record for the most-watched scripted drama episode in cable television history from 2009 through 2012 with \"Mr. Monk and the End – Part II\", its last episode and finale, with 9.4 million viewers, 3.2 million of them in the 18–49 demographic.
/m/09c04n	PFC Cherno More Varna, or simply Cherno More is a Bulgarian professional football club from the city of Varna, which currently competes in Bulgaria's top football league, the A PFG.\nAs suggested, the club is named after the Black Sea. Cherno More's home ground is the Ticha Stadium, which has a seating capacity of 8,250 spectators. To date, the club has won the championship four times and has been a runner-up for the Bulgarian Cup twice.
/m/057xlyq	The Syracuse Orange football program is a college football team that represents Syracuse University. The team is a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference, which is a National Collegiate Athletic Association Division I conference that is part of the Football Bowl Subdivision. The program has one national championship, which was earned for play in the 1959 season. The Orange are currently coached by Scott Shafer, who was elevated from defensive coordinator in January 2013, after Doug Marrone was hired as the head coach of the NFL's Buffalo Bills. Home games are played at the Carrier Dome, located on the school's campus in Syracuse, New York.
/m/0qxhc	Fayetteville is the third-largest city in Arkansas and county seat of Washington County. The city is centrally located within the county and has been home of the University of Arkansas since the institution's founding in 1871. Fayetteville is on the outskirts of the Boston Mountains, deep within the Ozarks. Known as Washington until 1829, the city was named after Fayetteville, Tennessee, where many of the settlers were from. It was incorporated on November 3, 1836 and was rechartered in 1867. The four-county Northwest Arkansas Metropolitan Statistical Area is ranked 109th in terms of population in the United States with 463,204 in 2010 according to the United States Census Bureau. The city had a population of 73,580 at the 2010 Census.\nFayetteville is home to the University of Arkansas, the state's largest university. When classes are in session, the thousands of students on campus dramatically change the demographics of Fayetteville. As it is a Southeastern Conference institution, thousands of Arkansas Razorbacks alumni and fans travel to Fayetteville to attend home football, basketball and baseball games. The University's men's track and field program has won 41 national championships to date. Forbes ranked Fayetteville as the 8th-best city for Business and Careers in 2010. U.S. News ranked Fayetteville one of the best places to retire. Based in nearby Bentonville, the Walmart corporation has contributed to the economy of Fayetteville. The city hosts the Wal-Mart Shareholders Meetings each year at the Bud Walton Arena.
/m/03x6w8	Sporting Clube de Braga, commonly known as Sporting de Braga or just Braga, is a Portuguese sports club, from the city of Braga. Its football team plays at the AXA Stadium, also known as The Quarry, which was built for UEFA Euro 2004. Domestically, Braga won the 1965–66 Portuguese Cup and the 2012–13 Portuguese League Cup. In the 2000s, the club gradually became one of Portugal's most successful clubs after the Big Three and has competed with some success in European competitions, winning the last ever UEFA Intertoto Cup in 2008 and reaching the final of the UEFA Europa League in 2011. After finishing in second place for the only time to date in the 2009–10 Primeira Liga, Sporting de Braga achieved a place in the group stage of the UEFA Champions League for the first time in its history by eliminating Celtic FC and Sevilla FC. Braga also qualified for the group stage of the UEFA Champions League in 2012–13 by eliminating Udinese. The club is currently sponsored by Italian sportswear company Macron and the Angolan bank BancoBIC.
/m/0c_dx	The Pulitzer Prize for Fiction is one of the seven American Pulitzer Prizes that are annually awarded for Letters, Drama, and Music. It recognizes distinguished fiction by an American author, preferably dealing with American life, published during the preceding calendar year. As the Pulitzer Prize for the Novel, it was one of the original Pulitzers, for the program was inaugurated in 1917 with seven prizes, four of which were awarded that year.\nFinalists have been announced from 1980, ordinarily two others beside the winner.
/m/025rzfc	The term Great Patriotic War is used in Russia and some other former republics of the Soviet Union to describe the period from 22 June 1941 to 9 May 1945 in the many fronts of the eastern campaign of World War II between the Soviet Union and Nazi Germany with its allies.\nThe canonical end of Great Patriotic War is 9 May 1945, but for some legal purposes its period is extended to 11 May 1945 to include the end of the Prague Offensive.\nSince the early 1980s, the Great Patriotic War is sometimes referred to in Russian texts by the acronym \"ВОВ\", but this abbreviation is often criticized as \"clearly failed, contradicting both to the signified notion and to linguistic taste\", \"clearly disrespectful\", \"barbaric\", \"absolutely unacceptable\", \"hasty, careless\" etc.
/m/0gjvqm	Viola Davis is an American actress.\nBeginning her career on the stage, Davis won a Tony and a Drama Desk Award for her role in August Wilson's King Hedley II. She won a second Drama Desk Award for Intimate Apparel, followed by a second Tony and a third Drama Desk Award for her role in Fences.\nAmong her most notable films are Traffic, Antwone Fisher, Solaris and The Help. Her eleven-minute-long performance in the film adaptation of John Patrick Shanley's Doubt earned several honors, including an Academy Award nomination. Her role in the film The Help has garnered two Screen Actors Guild Awards, a BAFTA Award nomination, another Academy Award nomination, and a Golden Globe nomination. In addition to her success, she was listed in Time's 100 Most Influential People in the World in 2012.
/m/01p5xy	Clark University is a private research university and liberal arts college in Worcester, Massachusetts. Founded in 1887, it is the oldest educational institution founded as an all-graduate university. Clark now also educates undergraduates. For the 2014 World Report U.S. News & World Report, Clark was ranked 75th nationally. This is an improvement from the 2013 version, which was 83. In 2012, Clark was ranked 95. In 2013, Forbes ranked Clark University #51 in research. It is one of only three New England universities, along with Harvard and Yale, to be a founding member of the Association of American Universities, an organization of universities with the most prestigious profiles in research and graduate education. Clark withdrew its membership in 1999, citing a conflict with its mission; it is one of only four schools to do so. Clark is one of 40 schools profiled in the book Colleges That Change Lives by Loren Pope. Those who attend Clark University are colloquially called \"Clarkies\".
/m/0h3y	Algeria, officially The People's Democratic Republic of Algeria, is a country in the Maghreb region of North Africa on the Mediterranean coast. Its capital and most populous city is Algiers. Algeria is a semi-presidential republic, it consists of 48 provinces and 1541 communes. With a population of 37.9 million, it is the 35th most populated country on Earth. With an economy based on oil resources, manufacturing has suffered from what is called Dutch disease. Sonatrach, the national oil company, is the largest company in Africa. Algeria has the second largest military in North Africa with the largest defense budget in Africa. Algeria had a peaceful nuclear program by the 1990s.\nWith a total area of 2,381,741 square kilometres, Algeria is the tenth-largest country in the world, and the largest in Africa and in the Mediterranean. The country is bordered in the northeast by Tunisia, in the east by Libya, in the west by Morocco, in the southwest by Western Sahara, Mauritania, and Mali, in the southeast by Niger, and in the north by the Mediterranean Sea. Algeria is a member of the African Union, the Arab League, OPEC and the United Nations, and is a founding member of the Arab Maghreb Union.
/m/021j72	Raj Kapoor, also known as \"The Show Man\", was a noted Indian film actor, producer and director of Hindi cinema. He was the winner of two National Film Awards and nine Filmfare Awards in India, and a two-time nominee for the Palme d'Or grand prize at the Cannes Film Festival for his films Awaara and Boot Polish. His performance in Awaara was ranked as one of the top ten greatest performances of all time by Time magazine. His films attracted worldwide audiences, particularly in Asia and Europe. The Government of India honoured him with the Padma Bhushan in 1971 and the Dadasaheb Phalke Award in 1987 for his contributions towards Indian cinema.
/m/06qv_	Star Trek: The Next Generation is an American science fiction television series created by Gene Roddenberry 21 years after the original Star Trek series as part of the Star Trek franchise. Roddenberry, Maurice Hurley, Rick Berman and Michael Piller served as executive producers at different times throughout the production.\nThe series is set in the nearby regions of the Milky Way galaxy around the year 2364 and features a new crew and a new starship Enterprise. Patrick Stewart's voice-over introduction during each episode's opening credits stated the starship's purpose, updated from the original to represent an open-ended \"mission\", and to be gender-neutral:\nSpace: the final frontier. These are the voyages of the starship Enterprise. Its continuing mission: to explore strange new worlds, to seek out new life and new civilizations, to boldly go where no one has gone before.\nIt premiered the week of September 28, 1987, to 27 million viewers, with the two-hour pilot \"Encounter at Farpoint\". In total, 178 episodes were made, ending with the two-hour finale \"All Good Things...\" the week of May 23, 1994.\nThe series was broadcast in first-run syndication with dates and times varying among individual television stations. Three additional Star Trek spin-offs followed The Next Generation: Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, Star Trek: Voyager, and Star Trek: Enterprise. The series formed the basis of the seventh to tenth Star Trek films, and is also the setting of numerous novels, comic books, and video games.
/m/0143wl	Timothy Peter Dalton is a British actor of film and television. Dalton is known for portraying James Bond in The Living Daylights and Licence to Kill, as well as Rhett Butler in the television miniseries Scarlett, an original sequel to Gone with the Wind.
/m/0121sr	Gujarati is an Indo-Aryan language native to the west Indian region of Gujarat. It is part of the greater Indo-European language family. Gujarati is descended from Old Gujarati, which is also the ancestor of modern Rajasthani. In India, it is the chief language in the state of Gujarat, as well as an official language in the union territories of Daman and Diu and Dadra and Nagar Haveli.\nAccording to the Central Intelligence Agency, 4.5% of population of India speaks Gujarati, which amounts to 54.6 million speakers in India. There are about 65.5 million speakers of Gujarati worldwide, making it the 26th most spoken native language in the world. Along with Romany and Sindhi, it is among the most western of Indo-Aryan languages. Gujarati was the first language of Mahatma Gandhi and Vallabhbhai Patel, the \"Iron Man of India\". Other prominent personalities whose first language is or was Gujarati include Swami Dayananda Saraswati, Morarji Desai, Narsinh Mehta, Dhirubhai Ambani, J. R. D. Tata, and Muhammad Ali Jinnah, the \"Father of the Nation of Pakistan.\"
/m/022fhd	Stalybridge Celtic Football Club is an English football club based in Stalybridge, Greater Manchester. The club participates in the Conference North, the sixth tier of English football. The team traditionally plays in a blue and white strip. The team plays its home matches at Bower Fold.\nIn 1921 Stalybridge Celtic became a founder member of the Football League's Third Division North. But after only two seasons in the new league, they became the first club to leave the new division.
/m/01sg4_	Kandy is a major city in Sri Lanka, located in the Central Province, Sri Lanka. It is the second largest city in the country after Colombo. It was the last capital of the ancient kings' era of Sri Lanka. The city lies in the midst of hills in the Kandy plateau, which crosses an area of tropical plantations, mainly tea. Kandy is both an administrative and religious city and is also the capital of the Central Province. Kandy is the home of The Temple of the Tooth Relic, one of the most sacred places of worship in the Buddhist world. It was declared a world heritage site by UNESCO in 1988.
/m/01ngn3	Friuli–Venezia Giulia is one of the 20 regions of Italy, and one of five autonomous regions with special statute. The capital is Trieste. It has an area of 7,858 km² and about 1.2 million inhabitants. A natural opening to the sea for many Central European countries, the region is traversed by the major transport routes between the east and west of southern Europe. It encompasses the historical-geographical region of Friuli and a small portion of the historical region of Venezia Giulia, each with its own distinct history, traditions and identity.
/m/033dbw	Beloved is a 1998 American drama and horror film based on Toni Morrison's 1987 novel of the same name, directed by Jonathan Demme and starring Oprah Winfrey, Danny Glover, and Thandie Newton. The plot centers on a former slave after the American Civil War, her haunting by a poltergeist, and the visitation of her reincarnated daughter whom she murdered out of desperation to save her from a slave owner. Though considered a commercial failure, Beloved was nominated for an Academy Award for best costume design by Colleen Atwood, and both Danny Glover and Kimberly Elise received awards for their performances.
/m/01dnws	The bouzouki is a Greek musical instrument that was brought to Greece in the 1900s by immigrants from Asia Minor, and quickly became the central instrument to the rebetika genre and its music branches. A mainstay of modern Greek music, the front of the body is flat and is usually heavily inlaid with mother-of-pearl. The instrument is played with a plectrum and has a sharp metallic sound, reminiscent of a mandolin but pitched lower. There are two main types of bouzouki. The trichordo has three pairs of strings, and the tetrachordo has four pairs of strings.
/m/0fpn8	Ulster County is a county located in the state of New York, United States. It lies in the state's Mid-Hudson Region of the Hudson Valley. In the 2010, the population was 182,493. The county seat is the city of Kingston. A part of the New York metropolitan area, the county is named for the Irish province of Ulster.
/m/0nj07	Wayne County is the most populous county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,820,584, making it the 18th most-populous county in the United States. The county seat is Detroit, the largest city in Michigan.
/m/0gx1673	The 54th Annual Grammy Awards were held on February 12, 2012, at the Staples Center in Los Angeles being broadcast on CBS. LL Cool J hosted the show. It was the first time in seven years that the event had an official host. Nominations were announced on November 30, 2011 on prime-time television as part of \"The GRAMMY Nominations Concert Live! – Countdown to Music's Biggest Night\", a one-hour special broadcast live on CBS from Nokia Theatre at L.A. Live. Kanye West received the most nominations with seven. Adele, Foo Fighters, and Bruno Mars each received six nominations. Lil Wayne, Skrillex, and Radiohead all earned five nominations. The nominations were criticised by many music journalists as Kanye West's My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy missed out on a nomination for Album of the Year despite being highly critically acclaimed and topping many end of year charts. West's album went on to win Best Rap Album.\nA total of 78 awards were presented following the Academy's decision to restructure the Grammy Award categories. Paul McCartney received the MusiCares Person of the Year award on February 10, 2012, at the Los Angeles Convention Center, two nights prior to the Grammy telecast.
/m/04328m	Nirupa Roy was an Indian actress who appeared in Hindi films. Roy was mostly known for portraying character roles of the Indian mother. She played leading roles in her early films and started playing mother roles during the 1970's – 80's. Her acting career spanned more than 50 years, and she acted in more than 475 films. She was referred to as the \"queen of misery\" in Hindi film circles.
/m/015q1n	The University of Kansas is a public research university and the largest university in the State of Kansas. KU campuses are located in Lawrence, Wichita, Overland Park, Salina, and Kansas City, Kansas, with the main campus located in Lawrence on Mount Oread, the highest location in Lawrence. The University was opened in 1866, under a charter granted by the Kansas Legislature in 1864.\nThe University's Medical Center and University Hospital are located in Kansas City, Kansas. The Edwards Campus is in Overland Park, Kansas, in the Kansas City metropolitan area. There are also educational and research sites in Parsons and Topeka, and branches of the University of Kansas School of Medicine in Wichita and Salina.\nEnrollment at the Lawrence and Edwards campuses was 24,435 students in fall 2013; an additional 3,349 students were enrolled at the KU Medical Center for a total enrollment of 27,784 students across the three campuses. The university overall employed 2,663 faculty members in fall 2012.\nThe 2014 U.S. News & World Report rankings listed KU as 101st in the category \"national universities\" and 47th among public universities. The U.S. News & World Report \"Americas Best Graduate Schools\" rankings have ranked 49 KU programs since 2008, 35 of which are ranked in the top 40 among public university programs. Two of those programs, city management & urban policy and special education, are ranked number one among public university programs.
/m/01f7gh	Alien: Resurrection is a 1997 American science fiction action horror film by 20th Century Fox, and the fourth and final installment in the Alien film series. The film was directed by French filmmaker Jean-Pierre Jeunet, with a screenplay by Joss Whedon. Alien: Resurrection was the first film in the Alien series to be filmed outside England, at Fox studios in Los Angeles, California.\nIn the film, which is set 200 years after the preceding installment Alien 3, Ellen Ripley is cloned and an Alien queen is surgically removed from her body. The United Systems Military hopes to breed Aliens to study and research on the spaceship USM Auriga, using human hosts kidnapped and delivered to them by a group of mercenaries. The Aliens escape their enclosures, while Ripley and the mercenaries attempt to escape and destroy the Auriga before it reaches its destination, Earth.\nAlien: Resurrection was released on November 26, 1997 and received mixed reviews from film critics. Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun-Times felt \"there is not a single shot in the movie to fill one with wonder\", while Desson Thomson of The Washington Post said the film \"satisfactorily recycles the great surprises that made the first movie so powerful\".
/m/022tq4	Lucknow is the capital city of the state of Uttar Pradesh in India. Lucknow is one of the major metropolitan cities of India and is the administrative headquarters of Lucknow District and Lucknow Division. Lucknow has always been known as a multicultural city and it flourished as a cultural and artistic hub of North India in the 18th and 19th centuries and as a seat of power of Nawabs. Today it continues as an important centre of government, education, commerce, aerospace, finance, pharmaceuticals, technology, design, culture, tourism, music and poetry.\nLucknow stands at an elevation of approximately 120 metres above mean sea level and covers an area of 689.1 km². It is the second largest city of northern India after New Delhi and the eleventh largest city of India. It is surrounded on the eastern side by District Barabanki, on the western side by district Unnao, on the southern side by Raebareli and on the northern side by Sitapur and Hardoi. The city is on the northwestern shore of Gomti river, which flows through it. Lucknow is accessible from every part of India through air, rail and road. It is directly connected with New Delhi, Patna, Calcutta, Mumbai, Varanasi, Bangalore, Thiruvananthapuram, and other major cities by Amausi airport. The airport is suitable for all-weather operations and can provide parking facility up to 50 aircraft. At present, Air India, Air India Express, Jetlite, Jet Air, GoAir, IndiGo, Saudi Airline, Flydubai, Oman Air and SpiceJet are operating domestic and international flights from and to Lucknow.
/m/0dx84s	The 2005 Major League Baseball season was notable for the league's new steroid policy in the wake of the BALCO scandal, which enforced harsher penalties ever than before for steroid use in Major League Baseball. Several players, including veteran Rafael Palmeiro, were suspended under the new policy. Also, every team in the NL East division had at least 81 wins. It was also notable for being the first season featuring a baseball team in Washington for several decades, with the Nationals having moved from Montreal.\nThe season ended when the Chicago White Sox defeated the Houston Astros in a four-game sweep in the World Series, winning their first championship since 1917.
/m/04jwp	George Gordon Byron, 6th Baron Byron, later George Gordon Noel, 6th Baron Byron, FRS, commonly known simply as Lord Byron, was an English poet and a leading figure in the Romantic movement. Among Byron's best-known works are the lengthy narrative poems Don Juan and Childe Harold's Pilgrimage and the short lyric She Walks in Beauty. He is regarded as one of the greatest British poets and remains widely read and influential.\nHe travelled all over Europe especially in Italy where he lived for 7 years and then joined the Greek War of Independence fighting the Ottoman Empire, for which Greeks revere him as a national hero. He died one year later at age 36 from a fever contracted while in Missolonghi in Greece.\nOften described as the most flamboyant and notorious of the major Romantics, Byron was celebrated in life for aristocratic excesses, including huge debts, numerous love affairs with both sexes, rumours of a scandalous incestuous liaison with his half-sister, and self-imposed exile.
/m/0gh6j94	We Have a Pope is a 2011 Italian comedy-drama film directed by Nanni Moretti. Its original title is Habemus Papam, Latin for \"We have a pope\", the phrase used upon the announcement of a new pope. The film stars Michel Piccoli as a cardinal who, against his wishes, is elected pope. Moretti co-stars as a psychiatrist who is called in to help the pope overcome his panic. The film premiered in Italy in April 2011 and played in competition at the 64th Cannes Film Festival.
/m/0jnrk	The San Jose Sharks are a professional ice hockey team based in San Jose, California, United States. They are members of the Pacific Division of the Western Conference of the National Hockey League. They play their home games at the SAP Center at San Jose, known locally as the Shark Tank.
/m/0fy91	A drag queen is a man who dresses, and often acts, with exaggerated femininity. There are many different possible purposes to drag, personal reasons for doing drag will differ for individual drag queens. It is often done for the purpose of self-expression, performing and entertaining, and can also be mainly important as a creative outlet, a means of self-exploration or a way to make cultural statements. There are many kinds of drag artists and they vary greatly in dedication, from professionals who have starred in films to people who just try it once. Drag queens also vary by class and culture and can vary even within the same cities.\nWhile drag is very much associated with gay men and gay culture, there are drag artists of all genders and sexualities who do drag for various reasons or purposes. Generally drag queens are males who dress and act in a female gender role, often exaggerating certain characteristics for comic, dramatic or satirical effect. Other drag performers include drag kings, who are women who perform in male roles, faux queens, who are women who dress in an exaggerated style to emulate drag queens, and faux kings, who are men who dress to impersonate drag kings.
/m/0k_9j	Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom is a 1984 American fantasy-adventure film directed by Steven Spielberg. It is the second installment in the Indiana Jones franchise and a prequel to 1981 film Raiders of the Lost Ark. After arriving in India, Indiana Jones is asked by a desperate village to find a mystical stone. He agrees, stumbling upon a Kali-worshiping Thuggee cult practicing child slavery, black magic, and ritual human sacrifice.\nProducer and co-writer George Lucas decided to make the film a prequel as he did not want the Nazis to be the villains again. After three rejected plot devices, Lucas wrote a film treatment that resembled the film's final storyline. Lawrence Kasdan, Lucas's collaborator on Raiders of the Lost Ark, turned down the offer to write the script, and Willard Huyck and Gloria Katz were hired as his replacement, with the resultant screenplay partly based upon the 1939 film Gunga Din.\nThe film was released to financial success but mixed reviews, which criticized its violence, later contributing to the creation of the PG-13 rating. However, critical opinion has improved since 1984, citing the film's intensity and imagination. Some of the film's cast and crew, including Spielberg, retrospectively view the film in an unfavorable light. The film has also been the subject of controversy due to its portrayal of India and Hinduism.
/m/045bs6	Donal Francis Logue is a Canadian-Irish actor well known for his role as Sean Finnerty in the television sitcom Grounded for Life. His other notable roles include starring in the film The Tao of Steve and the detective series Terriers.
/m/02r251z	Jack Giarraputo is a film producer who has been involved in the creation of more than 30 films in as little over a decade,. He has produced movies at Disney, Paramount, Sony, Fox and Warner Brothers that have grossed over $3.5 billion in worldwide box office. Most of his work has been in the comedy genre, notably films starring Adam Sandler. Adam Sandler has referenced him in his comedy album \"What The Hell Happened To Me?\" in his famous skit \"The Goat\". Jack currently serves as the Chairman of The Board for Fuel Sports Management.
/m/0dw4g	U2 are an Irish rock band from Dublin. Formed in 1976, the group consists of Bono, The Edge, Adam Clayton, and Larry Mullen, Jr.. U2's early sound was rooted in post-punk but eventually grew to incorporate influences from many genres of popular music. Throughout the group's musical pursuits, they have maintained a sound built on melodic instrumentals, highlighted by The Edge's timbrally varied guitar sounds and Bono's expressive vocals. Their lyrics, often embellished with spiritual imagery, focus on personal themes and sociopolitical concerns.\nU2 formed at Mount Temple Comprehensive School in 1976 when the members were teenagers with limited musical proficiency. Within four years, they signed with Island Records and released their debut album Boy. By the mid-1980s, they became a top international act. They were more successful as a touring act than they were at selling records, until their breakthrough 1987 album The Joshua Tree, which, according to Rolling Stone, elevated the band's stature \"from heroes to superstars\". Reacting to musical stagnation and criticism of their earnest image and musical direction in the late-1980s, the group reinvented themselves with their 1991 hit album Achtung Baby and the accompanying Zoo TV Tour; U2 integrated dance, industrial, and alternative rock influences into their sound, and embraced a more ironic and self-deprecating image. Similar experimentation continued for the remainder of the 1990s with varying levels of success. U2 regained critical and commercial favour in the 2000s with the records All That You Can't Leave Behind and How to Dismantle an Atomic Bomb, which established a more conventional, mainstream sound for the group. Their U2 360° Tour from 2009–2011 was the highest-attended and highest-grossing concert tour in history.
/m/01w613	A variety show, also known as variety arts or variety entertainment, is an entertainment made up of a variety of acts, especially musical performances and sketch comedy, and normally introduced by a compère or host. Other types of acts include magic, animal and circus acts, acrobatics, juggling and ventriloquism. The variety format made its way from Victorian era stage to radio to television. Variety shows were a staple of anglophone television from its early days into the 1970's, and lasted into the 1980's. In several parts of the world, variety TV remains popular and widespread.
/m/03q5t	A harpsichord is a musical instrument similar to a piano played by means of a keyboard. It produces sound by plucking a string when a key is pressed.\n\"Harpsichord\" designates the whole family of similar plucked keyboard instruments, including the smaller virginals, muselar, and spinet.\nThe harpsichord was widely used in Renaissance and Baroque music. During the late 18th century it gradually disappeared from the musical scene with the rise of the fortepiano. But in the 20th century it made a resurgence, used in historically informed performance of older music, in new compositions, and in popular culture.
/m/0dh73w	Lloyd Henry \"Bummy\" Bumstead was an American cinematic art director and production designer. In a career that spanned over fifty-five years he won two Academy Awards: the first for To Kill a Mockingbird, and the second for The Sting. In addition, he was nominated for Alfred Hitchcock's Vertigo and Clint Eastwood's Unforgiven.\nBumstead was born in Ontario, California and, following his graduation from University of Southern California, joined Paramount Pictures in 1948. He learned his trade from Hans Dreier, with whom he worked on a number of films beginning with Saigon. Following Dreier's retirement in 1951 he worked with Hal Pereira, whom Paramount had brought in to replace Dreier. During these early years, Bumstead worked on numerous films, including My Friend Irma, My Friend Irma Goes West, and The Bridges at Toko-Ri. However, his big break came in 1956 when he worked with Pereira on Alfred Hitchcock's remake of The Man Who Knew Too Much. He went on to work on three further Hitchcock films: Vertigo, Topaz and Family Plot.\nIn 1961, Bumstead left Paramount to join Universal Studios, where he formed a close partnership with Alexander Golitzen. Whilst at Universal he established relationships with George Roy Hill and Clint Eastwood, which began on Slaughterhouse-Five and High Plains Drifter respectively. He went on to work with both men on numerous films.
/m/08f3b1	Sarah Louise Palin is an American politician, commentator and author who served as the ninth Governor of Alaska, from 2006 to 2009. As the Republican Party nominee for Vice President in the 2008 presidential election alongside Arizona Senator John McCain, she was the first Alaskan on the national ticket of a major party and first Republican woman nominated for the vice presidency. Her book Going Rogue has sold more than two million copies. Since January 2010, she has provided political commentary for Fox News, and hosted a television show, Sarah Palin's Alaska.\nShe was elected to Wasilla City Council in 1992 and became mayor of Wasilla in 1996. In 2003, after an unsuccessful run for lieutenant governor, she was appointed Chairman of the Alaska Oil and Gas Conservation Commission, responsible for overseeing the state's oil and gas fields for safety and efficiency. The youngest person and first woman to be elected Governor of Alaska, Palin held the office from December 2006 until her resignation in July 2009. She has since endorsed and campaigned for the Tea Party movement, as well as several candidates in the 2010 midterm elections.
/m/018zvb	Thomas Kennerly \"Tom\" Wolfe, Jr. is an American author and journalist, best known for his association and influence over the New Journalism literary movement in which literary techniques are used in objective, even-handed journalism. Beginning his career as a reporter he soon became one of the most culturally significant figures of the sixties after the publication of books such as The Electric Kool-Aid Acid Test, a highly experimental account of Ken Kesey and the Merry Pranksters, and his collections of articles and essays, Radical Chic & Mau-Mauing the Flak Catchers and The Kandy-Kolored Tangerine-Flake Streamline Baby. His first novel entitled The Bonfire of the Vanities, released in 1987, was met with critical acclaim and was a great commercial success.\nHe is also known, in recent years, for his spats and public disputes with other writers, including John Updike, Norman Mailer, and John Irving.
/m/03ch14	A television special is a television program which interrupts or temporarily programming normally scheduled for a given time slot. Sometimes, however, the term is given to a telecast of a theatrical film, such as The Wizard of Oz, which is not part of a regular television anthology series such as NBC Saturday Night at the Movies.\nThe term originally applied especially to major dramatized presentations of an hour or two which were broadcast during times normally occupied by episodes of one or more weekly television series, thus replacing the series for that specific week. In the 1960s, multi-part specials, over several days in a week, or on the same day for several weeks, evolved from this format, though these were more commonly called miniseries. The term \"TV special\" formerly applied more to dramas or musicals presented live or on videotape than to filmed presentations especially made for television, which were designated as made-for-TV movies.\nOther forms of TV specials are one-time comedy or musical events, one-shot seasonal programs, irregular sports events, live coverage of a popular cultural event or spontaneous interruptions of active programming to cover an important news event.
/m/02qjv	An electronic musical instrument is a musical instrument that produces its sounds using electronics. Such an instrument sounds by outputting an electrical audio signal that ultimately drives a loudspeaker.\nAn electronic instrument may include a user interface for controlling its sound, often by adjusting the pitch, frequency, or duration of each note. However, it is increasingly common to separate user interface and sound-generating functions into a music controller and a music synthesizer, respectively, with the two devices communicating through a musical performance description language such as MIDI or Open Sound Control.\nAll electronic musical instruments can be viewed as a subset of audio signal processing applications. Simple electronic musical instruments are sometimes called sound effects; the border between sound effects and actual musical instruments is often hazy.\nFrench composer and engineer Edgard Varèse created a variety of compositions using electronic horns, whistles, and tape. Most notably, he wrote Poème Électronique for the Phillips pavilion at the Brussels World Fair in 1958.\nElectronic musical instruments are now widely used in most styles of music. Development of new electronic musical instruments, controllers, and synthesizers continues to be a highly active and interdisciplinary field of research. Specialized conferences, notably the International Conference on New interfaces for musical expression, have organized to report cutting edge work, as well as to provide a showcase for artists who perform or create music with new electronic music instruments, controllers, and synthesizers.
/m/031k24	David Russell Strathairn is an American actor who was nominated for an Academy Award for portraying journalist Edward R. Murrow in Good Night, and Good Luck. He is recognized for his role as CIA Deputy Director Noah Vosen in the 2007 film The Bourne Ultimatum, a role he reprised in 2012's The Bourne Legacy. He played a prominent role as Dr. Lee Rosen on the Syfy series Alphas from 2011 to 2012 and played Secretary of State William Henry Seward in Steven Spielberg's Lincoln.
/m/01yqp	Conservatism as a political and social philosophy promotes retaining traditional social institutions. A person who follows the philosophies of conservatism is referred to as a traditionalist or conservative.\nSome conservatives seek to preserve things as they are, emphasizing stability and continuity, while others, called reactionaries, oppose modernism and seek a return to \"the way things were\". The first established use of the term in a political context originated with François-René de Chateaubriand in 1818, during the period of Bourbon restoration that sought to roll back the policies of the French Revolution. The term, historically associated with right-wing politics, has since been used to describe a wide range of views. There is no single set of policies that are universally regarded as conservative, because the meaning of conservatism depends on what is considered traditional in a given place and time. Thus conservatives from different parts of the world—each upholding their respective traditions—may disagree on a wide range of issues.\nEdmund Burke, an 18th-century politician who opposed the French Revolution but supported the American Revolution, is credited as one of the main theorists of conservatism in Great Britain in the 1790s. According to Quintin Hogg, the chairman of the British Conservative Party in 1959, \"Conservatism is not so much a philosophy as an attitude, a constant force, performing a timeless function in the development of a free society, and corresponding to a deep and permanent requirement of human nature itself.\"
/m/01vrx3g	Mark Lavon \"Levon\" Helm was an American rock musician and actor who achieved fame as the drummer and frequent lead and backing vocalist for The Band. Helm was known for his deeply soulful, country-accented voice, multi-instrumental ability, and creative drumming style highlighted on many of The Band's recordings, such as \"The Weight\", \"Up on Cripple Creek\", and \"The Night They Drove Old Dixie Down\". He also had a successful career as an actor, appearing in such films as Coal Miner's Daughter and The Right Stuff.\nIn 1998, Helm was diagnosed with throat cancer, which caused him to lose his singing voice. After treatment, his cancer eventually went into remission, and he gradually regained the use of his voice. His 2007 comeback album Dirt Farmer earned the Grammy Award for Best Traditional Folk Album in February 2008, and in November of that year, Rolling Stone magazine ranked him No. 91 in the list of The 100 Greatest Singers of All Time. In 2010, Electric Dirt, his 2009 follow-up to Dirt Farmer, won the first Grammy Award for Best Americana Album, a category inaugurated in 2010. In 2011, his live album Ramble at the Ryman was nominated for the Grammy in the same category and won. On April 17, 2012, his wife and daughter announced on Helm's website that he was \"in the final stages of his battle with cancer\" and thanked fans while requesting prayers. Two days later, Helm died at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in New York City.
/m/0c4y8	Thomas Lanier \"Tennessee\" Williams III was an American playwright, author of many stage classics.\nAfter years of obscurity, he became suddenly famous with The Glass Menagerie, closely reflecting his own unhappy family background. This heralded a string of successes, including A Streetcar Named Desire, Cat on a Hot Tin Roof, Orpheus Descending, and Sweet Bird of Youth. His later work attempted a new style that did not appeal to audiences, and alcohol and drug dependence further inhibited his creative output.\nWilliams adapted much of his best work for the cinema, and also wrote short stories, poetry, essays and a volume of memoirs.
/m/05q7874	The Runaways is a 2010 American drama film about the 1970s all-girl rock band of the same name written and directed by Floria Sigismondi. It is based on the book Neon Angel: A Memoir of a Runaway by the band's original lead vocalist Cherie Currie. The film stars Dakota Fanning as Currie, Kristen Stewart as rhythm guitarist and vocalist Joan Jett, and Michael Shannon as record producer Kim Fowley. The Runaways depicts the formation of the band in 1975 and focuses on the relationship between Currie and Jett until Currie's departure from the band. The film grossed about $4.7 million worldwide and received generally favorable reviews from critics.
/m/03m6pk	Rhys Ifans is a Welsh actor and musician. He is known for his portrayal of characters such as Spike in Notting Hill and Jed Parry in Enduring Love and as a member of the Welsh rock groups Super Furry Animals and The Peth. Ifans also appeared as Xenophilius Lovegood in Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 1, and as Dr. Curt Connors/The Lizard in The Amazing Spider-Man. He played Edward de Vere, 17th Earl of Oxford, in Anonymous. Ifans also has a recurring role as Mycroft Holmes on the CBS series Elementary. Ifans gained fame in the United States as a footballer turned American football player with a gambling addiction, Nigel Gruff, in the 2000 film The Replacements.
/m/03y7ml	The McClatchy Company is a publicly traded American publishing company based in Sacramento, California. It operates 30 daily newspapers in 15 states and has an average weekday circulation of 2.2 million and Sunday circulation of 2.8 million. In 2006, it purchased Knight Ridder, which at the time was the second-largest newspaper company in the United States. In addition to its daily newspapers, McClatchy also operates several websites and community papers.
/m/0m0jc	Electronica is a music genre encompassing a wide range of contemporary electronic music designed for a wide range of uses, including foreground listening, some forms of dancing, and background music for other activities. Unlike electronic dance music, not all examples of electronica are necessarily made for dancing. The genre is loosely defined and has different connotations in different regions and time periods.\nElectronica has grown to influence mainstream crossover recordings. Electronic sounds began to form the basis of a wide array of popular music in the late 1970s, and became key to the mainstream pop and rock sounds of the 1980s. Since the adoption of \"electronica\" in the 1990s to refer to more underground music with an electronic aesthetic, elements of modern electronica have been adopted by many popular artists in mainstream music.
/m/05q5t0b	The Razzie Award for Worst New Star is an award presented at the annual Golden Raspberry Awards to the worst new actor or actress of the previous year from 1982 to 1989 and again from 1991 to 1999. The category has since been discontinued.
/m/066yfh	Clive A. Smith is a British expatriate director and animator who, with Michael Hirsh and Patrick Loubert, founded Canadian animation studio Nelvana in 1971. Smith worked on some of his studio's first TV specials, including A Cosmic Christmas, which was broadcast on CBC Television in Canada and syndicated in the United States proving to be Nelvana's breakthrough production. He also helmed the studio's next special, The Devil and Daniel Mouse, in 1978. He worked as director of Nelvana's first feature film, 1983's Rock and Rule, and its 1997 animated version of the Pippi Longstocking saga. He also directed A Wookie's Christmas for George Lucas and Family Dog for Tim Burton and Steven Spielberg. Smith retired from Nelvana in 2001, the year after he and his co-founders sold the studio to Corus Entertainment.\nSmith was born in England in 1944 and educated at the Ealing School of Art in London, England, graduating with a degree in Design and Kinetic Art. In 1964, he joined the Halas and Batchelor animation studio in West London where he worked on animated series such as The Beatles and The Lone Ranger. He moved to Canada in 1967 and worked as a senior animator and designer on commercials and short films with Al Guest and Vladimir Goetzleman before meeting Hirsh and Loubert and later founding Nelvana.
/m/01y06y	Leipzig University, located in Leipzig in the Free State of Saxony, Germany, is one of the oldest universities in the world and the second-oldest university in Germany. Famous alumni include Leibniz, Goethe, Nietzsche, Wagner, Angela Merkel, Raila Odinga, Tycho Brahe and nine Nobel laureates are associated with this university.\nThe university was founded on December 2, 1409 by Frederick I, Elector of Saxony and his brother William II, Margrave of Meissen, and originally comprised four faculties. Since its inception the university has engaged in teaching and research for over 600 years without interruption.
/m/01pv91	Chicken Run is a 2000 British-American stop-motion animation family comedy film made by the Aardman Animations studios and directed by Peter Lord and Nick Park. It was the first feature-length film by Aardman and the first produced in partnership with DreamWorks, which co-financed and distributed the film. The film features the voices of Julia Sawalha, Mel Gibson, Timothy Spall, Phil Daniels, Tony Haygarth and Miranda Richardson. Chicken Run received very positive reviews, and was a box office hit.\nThe plot centres on a band of chickens who see a smooth-talking Rhode Island Red named Rocky as their only hope to escape from certain death when the owners of their farm decide to move from selling eggs to selling chicken pot pies.\nThe film was initially part of a five-picture deal between DreamWorks and Aardman Animations, which was never completed, due to the companies' splitting over 'creative differences'.
/m/0jmnl	The Seattle SuperSonics were an American professional basketball team based in Seattle, Washington that played in the Pacific and Northwest Divisions of the National Basketball Association from 1967 until 2008. After the 2007–08 season ended, the team relocated to Oklahoma City, and now plays as the Oklahoma City Thunder. Settlement terms of a lawsuit between the city of Seattle and Clay Bennett's ownership group stipulated the SuperSonics' banners, trophies and retired jerseys remain in Seattle; the nickname, logo, and color scheme are available to any subsequent NBA team; and the Sonics' franchise history would be shared with the Thunder.\nThe SuperSonics won the NBA Championship in 1979, and are one of four teams out of the six major-league men's professional sports franchises that have existed in Seattle
/m/02w64f	The Spain national football team represents Spain in International association football and is controlled by the Royal Spanish Football Federation, the governing body for football in Spain. The current head coach is Vicente del Bosque. The Spanish side is commonly referred to as La Roja, La Furia Roja, La Furia Española or simply La Furia. Spain became a member of FIFA in 1904 even though the Spanish Football Federation was first established in 1909. Spain's national team debuted in 1920. Since then the Spanish national team have participated in a total of thirteen of nineteen FIFA World Cup and nine of fourteen European Championships. It has a total of 73 international titles in senior and youth teams.\nSpain are the reigning World and European champions, having won the 2010 World Cup and Euro 2012. The national team are currently ranked number 2 in the World Football Elo Ratings and 1 in the FIFA World Ranking. They also won Euro 2008, making them the only national team so far with three consecutive wins of either the applicable continental championship or the World Cup. Spain currently holds the record for the most consecutive competitive matches unbeaten with 29. These achievements have led many commentators, experts and former players to rank the current Spanish side as the best ever international side in world football.
/m/03qhnx	Treviso is a city and comune in Veneto, northern Italy. It is the capital of the province of Treviso and the municipality has 82,854 inhabitants: some 3,000 live within the Venetian walls or in the historical and monumental center, some 80,000 live in the urban center proper while the city hinterland has a population of approximately 170,000. The city is home to the headquarters of clothing retailer Benetton, Sisley, Stefanel Diadora and Lotto Sport Italia, appliance maker De'Longhi, and bicycle maker Pinarello.\nTreviso is also known for being the original production area of the Prosecco wine, and being the town where popular Italian dessert Tiramisu was created.
/m/016zp5	Sir Ian Holm, CBE is an English actor known for his stage work and many film roles. He received the 1967 Tony Award for Best Featured Actor for his performance as Lenny in The Homecoming and the 1998 Laurence Olivier Award for Best Actor for his performance in the title role of King Lear. He was nominated for the 1981 Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role as athletics trainer Sam Mussabini in Chariots of Fire. Other well-known film roles include the android Ash in Alien, Father Vito Cornelius in The Fifth Element, and the hobbit Bilbo Baggins in the Lord of the Rings and The Hobbit film series.
/m/02mq_y	Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds are an Australian alternative rock band that was formed in Melbourne in 1983 by frontman Nick Cave, multi-instrumentalist Mick Harvey and guitarist Blixa Bargeld. The band has featured international personnel throughout its career and presently consists of Cave, violinist and multi-instrumentalist Warren Ellis, bassist Martyn P. Casey, keyboardist Conway Savage, and percussionists Thomas Wydler and Jim Sclavunos. The band has released fifteen studio albums and completed numerous international tours.\nThe band was founded after the demise of Cave and Harvey's former group The Birthday Party, the members of which met at a boarding school in Victoria, Australia. Deviating from the noise rock roots of their contemporaries, Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds have produced alternative rock that has been influenced by various genres, such as punk rock, gothic rock, no wave and blues. Their early material—From Her to Eternity, The Firstborn Is Dead, Your Funeral... My Trial and Tender Prey —primarily featured a post-punk sound. The band has progressively incorporated other songwriting elements; for example, the 2008 release Dig, Lazarus, Dig!!! experimented with garage rock, also an influence of the side project Grinderman. Synthesizers and minimal guitar work feature prominently on their newest album, Push the Sky Away, recorded after the departure of Harvey in 2009.
/m/06h4y9	Persepolis Football Club, also spelled Perspolis, is an Iran Pro League professional football club based in Tehran, Iran. Persepolis F.C. was founded in 1963 and has been in the first division of Iranian football since 1968. Persepolis had also three teams in Bowling, Basketball and Volleyball in its first years of establishment. Persepolis F.C. is the football club of the multisport Persepolis Athletic and Cultural Club.\nThe club has played at its home ground, Azadi Stadium, since 1971. They contest the Tehran derby which is regarded as the biggest in Asia with arch rivals Esteghlal, a match that is always closely followed by Iranian football fans. According to the Asian Football Confederation, Persepolis is the most popular football club in Asia. Only Dalian Shide and Al-Hilal come anywhere near to having such a huge amount of support in Asia.\nPersepolis is the most successful football club in Iran with the record of 9 titles in Iranian domestic football league as well as 5 domestic cup titles. Persepolis has also won an Asian Cup Winners' Cup.
/m/018lkp	The Orange Free State was an independent Boer sovereign republic in southern Africa during the second half of the 19th century, and later a British colony and a province of the Union of South Africa. It is the historical precursor to the present-day Free State province. Extending between the Orange and Vaal rivers, its borders were determined by the United Kingdom in 1848 when the region was proclaimed as the Orange River Sovereignty, with a seat of a British Resident in Bloemfontein.\nIn the northern part of the territory a Voortrekker Republic was established at Winburg in 1837. This state merged with the Republic of Potchefstroom which later formed part of the South African Republic.\nFollowing the granting of sovereignty to the Transvaal Republic, the British recognized the independence of the Orange River Sovereignty on 17 February 1854 and the country officially became independent as the Orange Free State on 23 February 1854, with the signing of the Orange River Convention. The new republic incorporated both the Orange River Sovereignty and the traditions of the Winburg-Potchefstroom Republic. The U.S.A. and the Orange Free State mutually recognized each other in 1871.
/m/0jnr3	The Phoenix Coyotes are a professional ice hockey team that is based in the Phoenix suburb of Glendale, Arizona. They are members of the Pacific Division of the Western Conference of the National Hockey League. Since December 2003, the Coyotes have played their home games at Jobing.com Arena after having spent the previous 7½ seasons at America West Arena in downtown Phoenix.\nThe Coyotes were founded in 1972 as the original Winnipeg Jets of the World Hockey Association and were one of four franchises absorbed into the NHL when the WHA folded in 1979. The team moved to Phoenix on July 1, 1996.\nThe NHL took over ownership of the Phoenix Coyotes franchise in 2009 after previous owner Jerry Moyes turned it over to the league after declaring bankruptcy. Prior to that, Moyes had previously attempted to privately sell the team to Canadian billionaire Jim Balsillie, who wanted to relocate the team to Hamilton, Ontario. but the NHL protested that the attempted sale was a violation of league policy and a court agreed. In the years that followed, the league resisted selling the team to interests that would have moved the team out of the Phoenix area, and on July 3, 2013, reached an agreement that will keep the team in Glendale for the near future. The sale to IceArizona Acquisition Co., LLC. was completed on August 5, 2013.
/m/035yzw	The Martin Luther University of Halle-Wittenberg, also referred to as MLU, is a public, research-oriented university in the cities of Halle and Wittenberg within Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. MLU offers German and international courses leading to academic degrees such as B.A., B.Sc., M.A., M.Sc., doctoral degrees and Habilitation.\nThe university was created in 1817 through the merger of the University of Wittenberg and the University of Halle. The university is named after the Protestant reformer Martin Luther, who was a professor in Wittenberg. Today, the university itself is located in Halle, while the Leucorea Foundation in Wittenberg serves as MLU’s convention centre for seminars as well as for academic and political conferences. Leucorea also hosts the Wittenberg Centre for Global Ethics, founded in 1998 at the initiative of Andrew Young, former US Ambassador to the United Nations, and Hans-Dietrich Genscher, former German Foreign Minister. Both Halle and Wittenberg are about one hour from Berlin by ICE high speed train.
/m/0ksy_	Real Club Recreativo de Huelva, S.A.D. is a Spanish football club based in Huelva, in the autonomous community of Andalusia. Founded on 23 December 1889, it is the oldest football team in Spain, and currently plays in the second division, holding home games at Estadio Nuevo Colombino, which has a 21,600 capacity.\nTeam colours are white shirts with blue vertical stripes and white shorts.
/m/06s6hs	Kathleen Erin \"Kate\" Walsh is an American film and television actress, best known for her role as Dr. Addison Montgomery on the ABC dramas Grey's Anatomy and Private Practice. She is currently starring in a new show called Full Circle.
/m/0584r4	Robot Chicken is an American stop-motion claymation comedy television series created and executive produced by Seth Green and Matthew Senreich along with co-head writers Douglas Goldstein and Tom Root. The writers, especially Green, also provide many of the voices. Senreich, Goldstein and Root were formerly writers for the popular action figure hobbyist magazine ToyFare. Robot Chicken has won an Annie Award and three Emmy Awards.
/m/0th3k	Paducah is a 2nd-class city in and the county seat of McCracken County, Kentucky, United States. The largest city in the Jackson Purchase region, it is located at the confluence of the Tennessee and the Ohio Rivers, halfway between St. Louis, Missouri, to the northwest and Nashville, Tennessee, to the southeast. The population was 25,024 during the 2010 U.S. Census. Twenty blocks of the city's downtown have been designated as an historic district and listed on the National Register of Historic Places.\nPaducah is the hub of its micropolitan area, which includes McCracken, Ballard, and Livingston counties in Kentucky and Massac County in Illinois.
/m/0d1_f	Elizabeth II is the constitutional monarch of 16 sovereign states, known as the Commonwealth realms, and their territories and dependencies, and head of the 53-member Commonwealth of Nations. She is Supreme Governor of the Church of England and, in some of her realms, carries the additional title of Defender of the Faith.\nUpon her accession on 6 February 1952, Elizabeth became Head of the Commonwealth and queen regnant of seven independent Commonwealth countries: the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, South Africa, Pakistan and Ceylon. From 1956 to 1992, the number of her realms varied as territories gained independence and some realms became republics. At present, in addition to the first four of the aforementioned countries, Elizabeth is Queen of Jamaica, Barbados, the Bahamas, Grenada, Papua New Guinea, the Solomon Islands, Tuvalu, Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Belize, Antigua and Barbuda, and Saint Kitts and Nevis. Her reign of 62 years is currently the second longest for a British monarch; only Queen Victoria, her great-great grandmother, has reigned longer, at over 63 years.\nElizabeth was born in London and educated privately at home. Her father acceded to the throne as George VI in 1936 on the abdication of his brother Edward VIII, from which time she was the heir presumptive. She began to undertake public duties during the Second World War, in which she served in the Auxiliary Territorial Service. In 1947, she married Prince Philip of Greece and Denmark, with whom she has four children: Charles, Anne, Andrew, and Edward. Her coronation service took place in 1953 and was the first to be televised.
/m/05zr0xl	Modern Family is an American sitcom which debuted on ABC on September 23, 2009. Presented in mockumentary style, the fictional characters frequently talk directly into the camera. The program is the story of Jay Pritchett, his second wife, his stepson, and their infant son; and his two adult children and their families. Christopher Lloyd and Steven Levitan conceived the series while sharing stories of their own \"modern families\".\nThe series premiered to critical acclaim and was watched by 12.6 million viewers. Early on, it was named as a key holder for the 62nd Primetime Emmy Awards. On October 8, 2009 the series was picked up for a full season. The series has received positive reviews from critics and received several award nominations. It has won the Emmy Award for Outstanding Comedy Series in each of the past four years and the Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series three times so far as well, twice for Eric Stonestreet and once for Ty Burrell, as well as the Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series twice for Julie Bowen. It also won the Golden Globe Award for Best Television Series – Musical or Comedy.\nThe syndication rights to the show have also been sold to USA Network and 10 Fox affiliates for a fall 2013 premiere. The success of the show has also led it to being the tenth-highest revenue-generating show for 2012, earning $2.13 million an episode. Brian Lowry, of Variety, sums up the show regarding the airing of the pilot episode: \"Flitting among three storylines, it's smart, nimble and best of all, funny, while actually making a point about the evolving nature of what constitutes 'family'\".
/m/0br1w	Joseph Michael Straczynski, known professionally as J. Michael Straczynski and informally as Joe Straczynski or jms, is an American writer and producer. He works in films, television series, novels, short stories, comic books, radio dramas and other media. Straczynski is a playwright, former journalist, and author of The Complete Book of Scriptwriting. He was the creator and showrunner for the science fiction television series Babylon 5, its spin-off Crusade, as well as Jeremiah, a series loosely based on Hermann Huppen's comics. Straczynski wrote 92 out of the 110 Babylon 5 episodes, notably including an unbroken 59-episode run through the third and fourth seasons, and all but one episode of the fifth season. He also wrote the four Babylon 5 TV movies produced alongside the series. From 2001 to 2007, he was the writer for the long-running Marvel comic book series The Amazing Spider-Man.\nIn 2009, Straczynski was nominated for the BAFTA Award for his screenplay for Changeling.\nStraczynski is a long-time participant in Usenet and other early computer networks, interacting with fans through various online forums since 1984. He is credited as being the first TV producer to directly engage with fans on the Internet, and allow their viewpoints to influence the look and feel of his show.. Two prominent areas where he had a presence were GEnie and the newsgroup rec.arts.sf.tv.babylon5.moderated.
/m/09cws	Mars is the fourth planet from the Sun and the second smallest planet in the Solar System, after Mercury. Named after the Roman god of war, it is often described as the \"Red Planet\" because the iron oxide prevalent on its surface gives it a reddish appearance. Mars is a terrestrial planet with a thin atmosphere, having surface features reminiscent both of the impact craters of the Moon and the volcanoes, valleys, deserts, and polar ice caps of Earth. The rotational period and seasonal cycles of Mars are likewise similar to those of Earth, as is the tilt that produces the seasons. Mars is the site of Olympus Mons, the second highest known mountain within the Solar System, and of Valles Marineris, one of the largest canyons. The smooth Borealis basin in the northern hemisphere covers 40% of the planet and may be a giant impact feature. Mars has two known moons, Phobos and Deimos, which are small and irregularly shaped. These may be captured asteroids, similar to 5261 Eureka, a Martian trojan asteroid.\nUntil the first successful Mars flyby in 1965 by Mariner 4, many speculated about the presence of liquid water on the planet's surface. This was based on observed periodic variations in light and dark patches, particularly in the polar latitudes, which appeared to be seas and continents; long, dark striations were interpreted by some as irrigation channels for liquid water. These straight line features were later explained as optical illusions, though geological evidence gathered by unmanned missions suggest that Mars once had large-scale water coverage on its surface. In 2005, radar data revealed the presence of large quantities of water ice at the poles and at mid-latitudes. The Mars rover Spirit sampled chemical compounds containing water molecules in March 2007. The Phoenix lander directly sampled water ice in shallow Martian soil on July 31, 2008.
/m/01vrx35	Robbie Robertson, OC is a Canadian singer-songwriter and guitarist. He is best known for his work as lead guitarist and primary songwriter within The Band. He was ranked 59th in Rolling Stone magazine’s list of the 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time. The Band has been inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and the Canadian Music Hall of Fame. As a songwriter, Robertson is credited for such classics as \"The Weight\", \"The Night They Drove Old Dixie Down\", \"Up On Cripple Creek\", \"Broken Arrow\" and \"Somewhere Down the Crazy River\", and has been inducted into the Canadian Songwriters Hall of Fame.
/m/01x214	An independent record label is a record label operating without the funding of or outside the organizations of the major record labels. A great number of bands and musical acts begin on independent labels.
/m/09f07	Delhi is a metropolitan region in India. With a population of 22 million in 2011, it is the world's second most populous city and the largest city in India in terms of area. The NCT and its urban region have been given the special status of National Capital Region under the Constitution of India's 69th amendment act of 1991. The NCR includes the neighbouring cities of Alwar, Baghpat, Gurgaon, Sonepat, Faridabad, Ghaziabad, Noida, Greater Noida and other nearby towns, and has nearly 22.2 million residents.\nA union territory, the political administration of the NCT of Delhi today more closely resembles that of a state of India, with its own legislature, high court and an executive council of ministers headed by a Chief Minister. New Delhi is jointly administered by the federal government of India and the local government of Delhi, and is the capital of the NCT of Delhi.\nDelhi has been continuously inhabited since the 6th century BC. Through most of its history, Delhi has served as a capital of various kingdoms and empires. It has been captured, ransacked and rebuilt several times, particularly during the medieval period, and the modern Delhi is a cluster of a number of cities spread across the metropolitan region. This is why Delhi is sometimes called the City of cities.
/m/03rrsc	FBI Assistant Director Walter Sergei Skinner is a fictional character in the Fox science fiction television shows The X-Files and The Lone Gunmen. Skinner supervised the X-Files office, which is concerned with cases with particularly mysterious or possibly supernatural circumstances that were left unsolved and shelved by the FBI. Fox Mulder, the FBI agent in charge of the X-Files, considers the X-Files the truth behind the supposed conspiracy. Portrayed by Italian-American actor Mitch Pileggi, Skinner was a main character in the ninth season of the show and a recurring character throughout the first eight seasons.\nSkinner made his first appearance in the first season 1994 episode \"Tooms\". At the start of the series, Skinner was unfriendly towards Mulder because of his belief in the extraterrestrial, while throughout the series run Skinner has moved on to respect and agree with Mulder's idea, which is finally proven in \"Requiem\", when he saw an Alien spacecraft. Walter Skinner has received critical acclaim and has become a fan's favourite. Pileggi received the role of Walter Skinner after \"two or three\" auditions for the role. Beginning with only a small cameo, his character frequently made more appearances during the second season. Pileggi was honored with numerous awards and award nominations for his portrayal of Skinner.
/m/0fp5z	Limerick is a city in Ireland. It is located in the Mid-West Region and is also part of the province of Munster. Limerick City Council is the local authority for the city. The city lies on the River Shannon, with the historic core of the city located on King's Island, which is bounded by the Shannon and the Abbey River. Limerick is also located at the head of the Shannon Estuary where the river widens before it flows into the Atlantic Ocean. Limerick is the third most populous city in the state, and the fifth most populous city on the island of Ireland. In 2012, it was announced that Limerick would be Ireland’s first National City of Culture in 2014, with a number of events due to take place in the city over the year.
/m/0pmq2	Winnipeg is the capital and largest city of Manitoba, Canada, with a metropolitan population of 730,018 in the Canada 2011 Census. It is located near the longitudinal centre of North America, at the confluence of the Red and Assiniboine Rivers. The city is found on the eastern edge of the Canadian Prairies. The name \"Winnipeg\" originates from the native word for Lake Winnipeg, meaning muddy, or cloudy waters. The Winnipeg area was a trading centre for Aboriginal peoples prior to the arrival of Europeans. The first fort was built there in 1738 by French traders. A settlement was later founded by the Selkirk settlers in 1812, the nucleus of which was incorporated as the City of Winnipeg in 1873 with a population of 1,869. Winnipeg is the seventh-largest municipality in Canada, and is the primary municipality of the Winnipeg Capital Region, with more than half of Manitoba's population.\nThe economy of Winnipeg includes finance, manufacturing, food and beverage production, culture, retail and tourism sectors. Winnipeg is a transportation hub, served by Richardson International Airport. The city has railway connections to the United States and Eastern and Western Canada through three Class I rail carriers. Winnipeg's professional sports teams include the Winnipeg Blue Bombers, the Winnipeg Jets, and the Winnipeg Goldeyes. Winnipeg's post-secondary institutions include Red River College, the University of Manitoba, the University of Winnipeg, Canadian Mennonite University, Booth University College, and University of St. Boniface, the oldest post-secondary educational institution in Western Canada.
/m/02jkkv	Out of Sight is a 1998 American crime comedy film based on the novel of the same name by Elmore Leonard and directed by Steven Soderbergh. The first of several collaborations between Soderbergh and star George Clooney, it was released on June 26, 1998.\nJennifer Lopez also stars, along with Ving Rhames, Don Cheadle, Dennis Farina, Catherine Keener, Steve Zahn and Albert Brooks.\nThe film received Academy Award nominations for Adapted Screenplay and Editing. It won the Edgar Award for best screenplay and the National Society of Film Critics awards for best film, screenplay, and director. It led to a spinoff TV series in 2003, Karen Sisco.
/m/06x43v	Rush Hour 3 is a 2007 martial arts/action-comedy film, and the third installment in the Rush Hour series, starring Jackie Chan as Inspector Lee and Chris Tucker as Detective Carter. The film was officially announced on May 7, 2006, and filming began on July 4, 2006. The film is set in Paris and Los Angeles. Rush Hour 3 was released on August 10, 2007, in the United States. A fourth film is currently in consideration by the series' creators.\nRoman Polanski was given a small role as a French police official involved in Lee and Carter's case. In her first appearance in an American film, Noémie Lenoir portrays Geneviève, a beautiful stage performer who is one of the main suspects in the case as well as Carter's love interest. Tzi Ma reprises his role as Ambassador Han, Lee's boss and friend who appeared in Rush Hour. Yvan Attal co-stars as George, a cab driver who becomes Lee and Carter's new sidekick.
/m/0150t6	Hans Florian Zimmer is a German film composer and music producer. He has composed music for over 100 films, including award-winning film scores for The Lion King, Crimson Tide, The Thin Red Line, Gladiator, The Last Samurai, The Dark Knight, and Inception.\nZimmer spent the early part of his career in the United Kingdom before moving to the United States. He is the head of the film music division at DreamWorks studios and works with other composers through the company which he founded, Remote Control Productions.\nZimmer's works are notable for integrating electronic music sounds with traditional orchestral arrangements. He has received four Grammy Awards, three Classical BRIT Awards, two Golden Globes, and an Academy Award. He was also named on the list of Top 100 Living Geniuses, published by The Daily Telegraph.
/m/044prt	Suniel Shetty. is an Indian film actor, producer and entrepreneur predominantly active in Bollywood. He made his mark in the industry doing action-oriented films and has starred in many Hindi films like Mohra, Dilwale, Krishna, Hera Pheri, Sapoot and Bhai.\nShetty won a Filmfare Award for Best Villain in 2001 for the film Dhadkan. He has also produced films like Khel – No Ordinary Game, Rakht, Bhagam Bhag under the banner of 'Popcorn Motion Pictures'.
/m/017_1x	Molde Fotballklubb is a football club from Molde, Norway, that currently plays in the Tippeligaen, the Norwegian top division. Founded on 19 June 1911, Molde was originally known as International. Molde are two-time league champions and three-time Norwegian Cup winners, and have finished 2nd in the league a further seven times. Molde is one of two Norwegian clubs that have participated in the UEFA Champions League.\nIts home matches are played at Aker Stadion, which has a maximum capacity of 11,800. The stadium was inaugurated in 1998, and was a gift from the local businessmen Kjell Inge Røkke and Bjørn Rune Gjelsten. The club was formerly based at Molde stadion, which hosted the club's record attendance of 14,615. Molde's supporter club is called Tornekrattet and were started after the 1994 Cup Final victory.\nUntil the beginning of the 1970s, the club mainly played in local lower division leagues, except for a short visit in the Hovedserien in the 1957–58 season. In 1974 Molde was back in the top division and finished second in the league, and have since then become one of Norway's leading clubs and generally stayed in the top division. Molde also finished second in the league in 1987, when the club lost the championship to Moss in the decisive match of the season.
/m/030xr_	Colm Feore is an American-Canadian stage, film and television actor.
/m/0d6qjf	The Central Intelligence Agency is one of the principal intelligence-gathering agencies of the United States federal government. The CIA's headquarters is in Langley, Virginia, a few miles west of Washington, D.C. Its employees operate from U.S. embassies and many other locations around the world. The only independent U.S. intelligence agency, it reports to the Director of National Intelligence.\nThe CIA has three traditional principal activities, which are gathering information about foreign governments, corporations, and individuals; analyzing that information, along with intelligence gathered by other U.S. intelligence agencies, in order to provide national security intelligence assessment to senior United States policymakers; and, upon the request of the President of the United States, carrying out or overseeing covert activities and some tactical operations by its own employees, by members of the U.S. military, or by other partners. It can, for example, exert foreign political influence through its tactical divisions, such as the Special Activities Division.\nIn 2013, the Washington Post reported that the CIA's share of the National Intelligence Program, a non-military component of the overall US Intelligence Community Budget, has increased to 28% in 2013, exceeding the NIP funding received by military agencies the National Reconnaissance Office and the National Security Agency. The CIA has increasingly taken on offensive roles, including covert paramilitary operations. One of its largest divisions, the Information Operations Center, has shifted focus from counter-terrorism to offensive cyber-operations.
/m/02648p	Stargate Atlantis is a Canadian-American adventure and military science fiction television series and part of MGM's Stargate franchise. The show was created by Brad Wright and Robert C. Cooper as a spin-off series of Stargate SG-1, which was created by Wright and Jonathan Glassner and was itself based on the feature film Stargate. All five seasons of Stargate Atlantis were broadcast by the Sci-Fi Channel in the United States and The Movie Network in Canada. The show premiered on July 16, 2004; its final episode aired on January 9, 2009. The series was filmed in and around Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.\nThe story of Stargate Atlantis follows the events of Stargate SG-1's seventh season finale episode \"Lost City\" and eighth season premiere episode \"New Order\", in which the cast of that series discovered an Antarctic outpost created by the alien race known as the Ancients. In the pilot episode \"Rising\", Stargate Command sends an international team to investigate the outpost, where Dr. Daniel Jackson discovers the location of Atlantis, the legendary city created by the Ancients, and Colonel Jack O'Neill visits the outpost after having been put in stasis and retrieved from it.
/m/0221g_	Texas Christian University is a private, coeducational university located in Fort Worth, Texas, United States. TCU is affiliated with, but not governed by, the Disciples of Christ. Its mascot is the \"horned frog.\"
/m/0c4ys	A Grammy Award – or Grammy – is an accolade by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to recognize outstanding achievement in the music industry. The annual presentation ceremony features performances by prominent artists, and the presentation of those awards that have a more popular interest. It shares recognition of the music industry as that of the other performance arts: Emmy Awards, the Tony Awards, and the Academy Awards.\nThe first Grammy Awards ceremony was held on May 4, 1959 to honor the musical accomplishments by performers for the year 1958. Following the 2011 ceremony, NARAS overhauled many Grammy Award categories for 2012. The 56th Grammy Awards were held on January 26, 2014, at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
/m/05ys0wz	The 34th annual Berlin International Film Festival was held from February 17 to February 28, 1984.
/m/08mbj5d	An official website is a website presenting valid and direct information about a topic.  In most cases it is a domain name, owned by the topic, and chosen to represent them on the internet in a considerable way.\n\n\"Official\" means something that may represent identity.  However, a MySpace, Facebook, or Twitter page should not be an official website.
/m/064177	Frances Marion was an American journalist, author, and screenwriter often cited as the most renowned female screenwriter of the 20th century alongside June Mathis and Anita Loos. She was the first person to win two Academy Awards.
/m/0fvt2	Stephen Baxter is a prolific British hard science fiction author. He has degrees in mathematics and engineering.
/m/0162v	Barbados is a sovereign island country in the Lesser Antilles. It is 34 kilometres in length and up to 23 kilometres in width, covering an area of 432 square kilometres. It is situated in the western area of the North Atlantic and 100 kilometres east of the Windward Islands and the Caribbean Sea; therein, it is about 168 kilometres east of the islands of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines and 400 kilometres north-east of Trinidad and Tobago. Barbados is outside of the principal Atlantic hurricane belt.\nBarbados was discovered by Spanish navigators in the late 15th century and claimed for the Spanish Crown. It first appears on a Spanish map from 1511. The Portuguese visited the island in 1536, but they left it unclaimed, with their only remnants being an introduction of wild hogs for a good supply of meat whenever the island was visited. The first English ship, the Olive Blossom, arrived in Barbados in 1624. They took possession of it in the name of King James I. In 1627 the first permanent settlers arrived from England, and it became an English and later British colony.\nBarbados has a population of 277,821 people, In 1966, Barbados became an independent state and Commonwealth realm, retaining Queen Elizabeth II as Head of State. Barbados is one of the Caribbean's leading tourist destinations and is one of the most developed islands in the region, despite it actually being classed as an Atlantic Island, with an HDI number of 0.825. In 2011 Barbados ranked second in the Americas on Transparency International's Corruption Perception Index, behind Canada.
/m/0f9rw9	The 2010 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament involved 65 schools playing in a single-elimination tournament to determine the national champion of men's NCAA Division I college basketball as a culmination of the 2009–10 basketball season. It began on March 16, 2010, and concluded with the championship game on April 5 at Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis, Indiana, to become champion. It was the first Final Four at Lucas Oil Stadium; the RCA Dome and Market Square Arena hosted past Final Fours when the event was held in Indianapolis.\nThe Final Four consisted of Duke, making their first appearance since 2004, West Virginia, who were making their second appearance and first since 1959, Butler, considered the host school and making their first ever appearance, and Michigan State, the national runner-up from 2009 appearing in the Final Four for the sixth time under head coach Tom Izzo.\nWhen Duke and Butler played each other in the tournament final, it was the first title game between private universities in 25 years, and the fifth such matchup in history.\nDuke defeated Butler 61-59 in the championship game as Gordon Hayward's last second desperation shot clanged off the rim. It was Duke's first national championship since 2001 and fourth overall.
/m/0djd3	Albuquerque is the most populous city in the U.S. state of New Mexico. It is the county seat of Bernalillo County, and it is situated in the central part of the state, straddling the Rio Grande. The city population was 555,417 as of the July 1, 2012 population estimate from the United States Census Bureau, and ranks as the 32nd-largest city in the U.S. The Albuquerque MSA has a population of 901,700 according to the United States Census Bureau's most recently available estimate for July 1, 2012. Albuquerque is the 53rd-largest United States metropolitan area. The Albuquerque MSA population includes the city of Rio Rancho, Bernalillo, Placitas, Corrales, Los Lunas, Belen, Bosque Farms, and forms part of the larger Albuquerque – Santa Fe – Las Vegas combined statistical area, with a total population of 1,162,777 as of the 2012 Census.\nAlbuquerque is home to the University of New Mexico, Central New Mexico Community College, Presbyterian Health Services, Kirtland Air Force Base, Sandia National Laboratories, Lovelace Respiratory Research Institute, and Petroglyph National Monument. The Sandia Mountains run along the eastern side of Albuquerque, and the Rio Grande flows through the city, north to south.
/m/015whm	Being There is a 1979 American comedy-drama film directed by Hal Ashby. Adapted from the 1970 novella by Jerzy Kosinski, the screenplay was written by Kosinski and the uncredited Robert C. Jones. The film stars Peter Sellers, Shirley MacLaine, Melvyn Douglas, Jack Warden, Richard A. Dysart, and Richard Basehart.\nDouglas won the Academy Award for Best Actor in a Supporting Role and Sellers was nominated for Best Actor in a Leading Role. The screenplay won the 1981 British Academy of Film and Television Arts Best Screenplay Award and the 1980 Writers Guild of America Award for Best Comedy Adapted from Another Medium. It was also nominated for the 1980 Golden Globe Award for Best Screenplay.\nBeing There was the last Peter Sellers film to be released while he was alive. The making of the film is portrayed in The Life and Death of Peter Sellers, a biographical film of Sellers' life.
/m/0162b	Bangladesh; officially the People's Republic of Bangladesh, is a country in South Asia, located on the fertile Bengal delta. It is bordered by the Republic of India to its north, west and east, by the Union of Myanmar to its south-east and by the Bay of Bengal to its south. It is separated from the Democratic Republic of Nepal and the Kingdom of Bhutan by the narrow Indian Siliguri Corridor. Together with the neighbouring Indian states of West Bengal and Tripura, it makes up the ethno-linguistic region of Bengal. The name Bangladesh means \"Country of Bengal\" in the official Bengali language.\nThe borders of modern Bangladesh took shape during the Partition of Bengal and British India in 1947, when the region became the eastern wing of the newly formed state of Pakistan. Following years of political exclusion, ethnic and linguistic discrimination, and economic neglect by the politically dominant western wing, a surge of popular agitation, nationalism and civil disobedience led in 1971 to the Bangladesh Liberation War, resulting in the separation of the region from Pakistan and the formation of an independent Bangladesh. After independence, the new state proclaimed a secular multiparty democracy. The country then endured decades of poverty, famine, political turmoil and numerous military coups. Since the restoration of democracy in 1991, the country has experienced relative calm and economic progress, though its main political parties remain polarized.
/m/07cj3	Topology is the mathematical study of shapes and spaces. It is an area of mathematics concerned with the properties of space that are preserved under continuous deformations including stretching and bending, but not tearing or gluing. This includes such properties as connectedness, continuity and boundary.\nTopology developed as a field of study out of geometry and set theory, through analysis of such concepts as space, dimension, and transformation. Such ideas go back to Leibniz, who in the 17th century envisioned the geometria situs and analysis situs. The term topology was introduced by Johann Benedict Listing in the 19th century, although it was not until the first decades of the 20th century that the idea of a topological space was developed. By the middle of the 20th century, topology had become a major branch of mathematics.\nTopology has many subfields.\nGeneral topology establishes the foundational aspects of topology and investigates properties of topological spaces and investigates concepts inherent to topological spaces. It includes point-set topology, which is the foundational topology used in all other branches.
/m/05cqhl	David S. Milch is an American writer and producer of television series. He has created several television shows, including NYPD Blue and Deadwood.
/m/09th87	The 2006 NBA draft was held on June 28, 2006 at the Theatre at Madison Square Garden in New York City and was broadcast in the United States on ESPN. In this draft, National Basketball Association teams took turns selecting amateur U.S. college basketball players and other eligible players, including international players. It is generally considered one of the weakest drafts in history, producing only four eventual All-Stars, LaMarcus Aldridge, Brandon Roy, Rajon Rondo and Paul Millsap while many of the top picks never lived up to their initial hype.\nItalian Andrea Bargnani was selected first overall by Toronto Raptors, who won the draft lottery. He became the second player without competitive experience in the United States to be drafted first overall. Prior to the draft he was playing with Italian club Benetton Treviso for 3 years. Sixth overall pick Brandon Roy from University of Washington was named Rookie of the Year for the 2006–07 season. Roy was originally drafted by Minnesota Timberwolves but his draft rights were traded to Portland Trail Blazers on draft day. Portland also acquired the draft rights to second overall pick from University of Texas, LaMarcus Aldridge from Chicago Bulls on draft day.
/m/07c1v	Technology is the making, modification, usage, and knowledge of tools, machines, techniques, crafts, systems, and methods of organization, in order to solve a problem, improve a pre-existing solution to a problem, achieve a goal, handle an applied input/output relation or perform a specific function. It can also refer to the collection of such tools, including machinery, modifications, arrangements and procedures. Technologies significantly affect human as well as other animal species' ability to control and adapt to their natural environments. The term can either be applied generally or to specific areas: examples include construction technology, medical technology, and information technology.\nThe human species' use of technology began with the conversion of natural resources into simple tools. The prehistorical discovery of the ability to control fire increased the available sources of food and the invention of the wheel helped humans in travelling in and controlling their environment. Recent technological developments, including the printing press, the telephone, and the Internet, have lessened physical barriers to communication and allowed humans to interact freely on a global scale. However, not all technology has been used for peaceful purposes; the development of weapons of ever-increasing destructive power has progressed throughout history, from clubs to nuclear weapons.
/m/02s4l6	Velvet Goldmine is a 1998 British drama film directed and co-written by Todd Haynes. The film is set in Britain during the days of glam rock in the early 1970s; it tells the story of a pop star based mainly on David Bowie's Ziggy Stardust character.\nSandy Powell received a BAFTA Award for Best Costume Design and was nominated for an Academy Award in the same category.
/m/01qynv	Oneworld is one of the three largest airline alliances and was founded in 1999. The alliance's stated objective is to be the first-choice airline alliance for the world's frequent international travelers. Its member airlines include Air Berlin, American Airlines, British Airways, Cathay Pacific, Finnair, Iberia, Japan Airlines, LAN Airlines, Malaysia Airlines, Qantas, Qatar Airways, Royal Jordanian, and S7 Airlines, plus some 30 affiliated airlines. SriLankan Airlines, TAM Airlines and US Airways are members-elect, scheduled to join in 2014.\nIts central alliance office is currently based in New York City, New York, in the United States. Its slogan is, \"An alliance of the world's leading airlines working as one.\"\nAs of October 2013, its member airlines collectively operate a fleet of some 3,300 aircraft, serve about a thousand airports in more than 150 countries, carrying 475 million passengers per year on 14,000 daily departures, generating annual revenues of more than US$ 140 billion.
/m/049f05	Verein für Leibesübungen Wolfsburg e. V., commonly known as VfL Wolfsburg or Wolfsburg, is a professional German association football club based in Wolfsburg, Lower Saxony. Wolfsburg play in the Bundesliga, the top tier of the German football league system. Wolfsburg have won the Bundesliga once in their history, in the 2008–09 season, and were DFB-Pokal runners-up in 1995. The new manager is Dieter Hecking who joined from 1. FC Nürnberg. The club grew out of a multi-sports club for Volkswagen workers in the city of Wolfsburg and is a wholly owned subsidiary of Volkswagen Group. Since 2002, Wolfsburg's stadium is the Volkswagen Arena.
/m/022p06	Samuel Goldwyn, also known as Samuel Goldfish, was an American film producer. He was most well known for being the founding contributor and executive of several motion picture studios in Hollywood.
/m/06jkm	Ralph Waldo Emerson was an American essayist, lecturer, and poet, who led the Transcendentalist movement of the mid-19th century. He was seen as a champion of individualism and a prescient critic of the countervailing pressures of society, and he disseminated his thoughts through dozens of published essays and more than 1,500 public lectures across the United States.\nEmerson gradually moved away from the religious and social beliefs of his contemporaries, formulating and expressing the philosophy of Transcendentalism in his 1836 essay, Nature. Following this ground-breaking work, he gave a speech entitled \"The American Scholar\" in 1837, which Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr. considered to be America's \"Intellectual Declaration of Independence\".\nEmerson wrote most of his important essays as lectures first, then revised them for print. His first two collections of essays – Essays: First Series and Essays: Second Series, published respectively in 1841 and 1844 – represent the core of his thinking, and include such well-known essays as Self-Reliance, The Over-Soul, Circles, The Poet and Experience. Together with Nature, these essays made the decade from the mid-1830s to the mid-1840s Emerson's most fertile period.
/m/0fqyc	North Holland is a province situated on the North Sea in the northwest of the European country Netherlands. The provincial capital is Haarlem and its largest city is Amsterdam.
/m/0161jj	Bournemouth is a large coastal resort town on the south coast of England directly to the east of the Jurassic Coast, a 95-mile World Heritage Site. According to the 2011 census, the town has a population of 183,491, making it the largest settlement in Dorset. With Poole to the west and Christchurch in the east, Bournemouth forms the South East Dorset conurbation, which has a total population of over 400,000.\nBefore it was founded in 1810 by Lewis Tregonwell, the area was a deserted heathland occasionally visited by fishermen and smugglers. Initially marketed as a health resort, the town received a boost when it appeared in Dr Granville's book, The Spas of England. Bournemouth's growth really accelerated with the arrival of the railway and it became a recognised town in 1870. Historically part of Hampshire, it joined Dorset with the reorganisation of local government in 1974. Since 1997, the town has been administered by a unitary authority, giving it autonomy from Dorset County Council although it remains however part of the ceremonial county. The local council is Bournemouth Borough Council.\nThe town centre has notable Victorian architecture and the 202 feet spire of St Peter's Church, one of three Grade I listed churches in the borough, is a local landmark. Bournemouth's location has made it a popular destination for tourists, attracting over five million visitors annually with its beaches and popular nightlife. The town is also a regional centre of business, home of the Bournemouth International Centre or BIC, and a financial sector that is worth more than a £1,000 million in Gross Value Added.
/m/01wgxtl	Trevor Tahiem Smith, Jr., better known by his stage name Busta Rhymes, is an American rapper, producer, and actor from Brooklyn. Chuck D of Public Enemy gave him the moniker Busta Rhymes, after NFL wide receiver George \"Buster\" Rhymes. Early in his career, he was known for his wild style and fashion, and today is best known for his intricate rapping technique, which involves rapping at a fast rate with lots of internal rhyme and half rhyme, and to date has received eleven Grammy nominations for his musical work.\nAbout.com included him on its list of the 50 Greatest MCs of Our Time, while Steve Huey of Allmusic called him one of the best and most prolific rappers of the 1990s. In 2012, The Source placed him on their list of the Top 50 Lyricists of All Time. MTV has called him \"one of hip-hop's greatest visual artists.\"\nBusta Rhymes was both a member of Leaders of the New School and a founding member of the record label Conglomerate and production crew The Conglomerate. In November 2011, Busta Rhymes signed a deal with Cash Money Records. He has so far released eight studio albums, with the first being the 1995 platinum-selling album The Coming. His list of hit singles include \"Woo Hah!! Got You All in Check\", \"Dangerous\", \"Turn It Up /Fire It Up\", \"What's It Gonna Be?!\", \"Pass the Courvoisier, Part II\", \"I Know What You Want\" and \"Touch It\", among several others. He is set to release his Cash Money debut, E.L.E.2, in 2014, which will be a sequel to his 1998 album E.L.E.: The Final World Front.
/m/07yw6t	Paresh Rawal is an Indian film and stage actor of Gujarati background.\nHe made his debut in the film industry in 1984 played supporting and villain roles throughout the 1980s and 1990s. Since 2000, he has started playing comic roles and has succeeded in it.
/m/03g5jw	Kings of Leon is an American rock band that formed in Nashville, Tennessee, in 1999. The band is composed of brothers Anthony Caleb Followill, Ivan Nathan Followill and Michael Jared Followill, with their cousin Cameron Matthew Followill.\nThe band's early music was an upbeat blend of Southern rock and blues influences, but it has gradually expanded throughout the years to include a variety of genres and a more alternative, arena rock sound. Kings of Leon achieved initial success in the United Kingdom with nine Top 40 singles, two BRIT Awards in 2008, and all three of the band's albums at the time peaking in the top five of the UK Albums Chart. Their third album, Because of the Times, also reached the number one spot. After the release of Only by the Night in September 2008 the band achieved chart success in the United States. The singles \"Sex on Fire\", \"Use Somebody\", and \"Notion\" all peaked at number one on the Hot Modern Rock Tracks chart. The album was their first Platinum-selling album in the United States, and was also the best-selling album of 2008 in Australia, being certified platinum nine times. The band's fifth album, Come Around Sundown, was released on October 18, 2010. Their sixth album, Mechanical Bull, was released on September 24, 2013.
/m/013807	San Francisco State University is a public comprehensive university located in San Francisco, California. As part of the 23-campus California State University system, the university offers 118 different Bachelor's degrees, 94 Master's degrees, 5 Doctoral degrees including two Doctor of Education, a Doctor of Physical Therapy, a Ph.D in Education and Doctor of Physical Therapy Science, along with 26 teaching credentials among six academic colleges.
/m/0glmv	Daniel Louis \"Dan\" Castellaneta is an American actor, voice actor, comedian and screenwriter. Noted for his long-running role as Homer Simpson on the animated television series The Simpsons, he voices many other characters on The Simpsons, including Abraham \"Grampa\" Simpson, Barney Gumble, Krusty the Clown, Groundskeeper Willie, Mayor Quimby and Hans Moleman.\nBorn in Oak Park, Illinois, a suburb of Chicago, Castellaneta started taking acting classes at a young age. He would listen to his father's comedy records and do impressions of the artists. After graduating from Northern Illinois University, Castellaneta joined Chicago's Second City in 1983, and performed with the troupe until 1987. He was cast in The Tracey Ullman Show, which debuted in 1987. The Tracey Ullman Show included a series of animated shorts about a dysfunctional family. Voices were needed for the shorts, so the producers decided to ask Castellaneta to voice Homer. His voice for the character started out as a loose impression of Walter Matthau, but later evolved into a more robust voice. The shorts would eventually be spun off into The Simpsons. Castellaneta has won four Primetime Emmy Awards for Outstanding Voice-Over Performance for his work on the show as well as an Annie Award for Outstanding Individual Achievement in the Field of Animation in 1993. Castellaneta has co-written four episodes of The Simpsons with his wife Deb Lacusta.
/m/02r_pp	The Trouble with Harry is a 1955 American film, an offbeat comedy or black comedy directed by Alfred Hitchcock. The film was based on the 1950 novel of the same name by Jack Trevor Story. The Trouble with Harry was released in the United States on October 3, 1955, then rereleased in 1984 once the distribution rights had been acquired by Universal Pictures. The film starred John Forsythe and Edmund Gwenn; Shirley MacLaine and Jerry Mathers co-starred, both in their first film roles.\nThe action in The Trouble with Harry takes place during a sun-filled autumn in the Vermont countryside. The fall foliage and the beautiful scenery around the village, as well as Bernard Herrmann's light-filled score, all set an idyllic tone. The story is about how the residents of a small Vermont village react when the dead body of a man named Harry is found on a hillside. The film is, however, not really a murder mystery; it is essentially a romantic comedy with thriller overtones, in which the corpse serves as a Macguffin. Four village residents end up working together to solve the problem of what to do with Harry. In the process the younger two fall in love and become a couple, soon to be married. The older two residents also fall in love.
/m/0dlv0	New Delhi is the capital of India and seat of the executive, legislative, and judiciary branches of the Government of India. It is also the centre of the Government of the National Capital Territory of Delhi. New Delhi is situated within the metropolis of Delhi and is one of the eleven districts of Delhi National Capital Territory.\nNew Delhi constitutes roughly 1% of the population of Delhi metropolis. With a population of 22 million in 2011, Delhi metropolitan region is the world's second most populous city and the largest city in India and also one of the largest in the world in terms of area. After Mumbai it is also the wealthiest city in India, and has the 2nd highest GDP of any city in South, West or Central Asia.\nThe foundation stone of the city was laid by George V, Emperor of India during the Delhi Durbar of 1911. It was designed by British architects, Sir Edwin Lutyens and Sir Herbert Baker. The new capital was inaugurated on 13 February 1931, by India's Viceroy Lord Irwin.
/m/0ptdz	The Family Man is a 2000 American drama film directed by Brett Ratner and starring Nicolas Cage and Téa Leoni. Cage's production company, Saturn Films, helped produce the film.\nThe film centers on a man, who sees what could have been had he made a different decision 13 years prior. It is similar to It's a Wonderful Life in that it begins on Christmas Eve with a life-and-death situation, involving a supernatural being, who tries to convince the main character into taking an earnest look at his life. Moreover, in the end, the protagonists in both movies conclude that living a quiet family life is preferable to achieving success and wealth at work.\nThe film has also been compared to Charles Dickens's A Christmas Carol in that the protagonist is a greedy man who cares little about anyone except himself and then has his life outlook completely changed after a series of real-life \"what if?\" experiences.
/m/0425hg	The Jeju United Football Club is a South Korean professional football club. The club is based in Jeju, South Korea. In the past, the club has been known by the names Yukong Elephants Football Club and Bucheon SK.
/m/0g22z	Wall Street is a 1987 American drama film, directed and co-written by Oliver Stone, which stars Michael Douglas, Charlie Sheen, Daryl Hannah and Martin Sheen. The film tells the story of Bud Fox, a young stockbroker desperate to succeed who becomes involved with his hero, Gordon Gekko, a wealthy, unscrupulous corporate raider.\nStone made the film as a tribute to his father, Lou Stone, a stockbroker during the Great Depression. The character of Gekko is said to be a composite of several people, including Owen Morrisey, Dennis Levine, Ivan Boesky, Carl Icahn, Asher Edelman, Michael Ovitz, Michael Milken, and Stone himself. The character of Sir Lawrence Wildman, meanwhile, was modelled on the prominent British financier and corporate raider Sir James Goldsmith. Originally, the studio wanted Warren Beatty to play Gekko, but he was not interested, and Stone wanted Richard Gere, though Gere passed on the role. Stone went with Douglas even though he had been advised by others in Hollywood not to cast him.\nThe film was well received among major film critics, including Roger Ebert. Douglas won the Academy Award for Best Actor, and the film has come to be seen as the archetypal portrayal of 1980s excess, with Douglas's character memorably declaring that \"greed is good.\" It has also proven influential in inspiring people to work on Wall Street with Sheen, Douglas, and Stone commenting over the years how people still approach them and say that they became stockbrokers because of their respective characters in the film.
/m/01m13b	Dancer in the Dark is a 2000 Danish musical drama film directed by Lars von Trier and starring Icelandic singer Björk, Catherine Deneuve, David Morse, Cara Seymour, Peter Stormare, Siobhan Fallon Hogan, and Joel Grey. The soundtrack for the film, released as the album Selmasongs, was written mainly by Björk, but a number of songs featured contributions from Mark Bell and the lyrics were by von Trier and Sjón. Three songs from Rodgers and Hammerstein's The Sound of Music were also used in the film.\nThis is the third film in von Trier's \"Golden Heart Trilogy\"; the other two films are Breaking the Waves and The Idiots. The film was an international co-production between companies based in several countries: Denmark, Germany, Netherlands, United States, United Kingdom, France, Sweden, Finland, Iceland, and Norway. It was shot with a handheld camera, and was somewhat inspired by a Dogme 95 look.\nDancer in the Dark premiered at the 2000 Cannes Film Festival to standing ovations and controversy and was awarded the Palme d'Or, along with the Best Actress award for Björk. The song \"I've Seen It All,\" with Thom Yorke, was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Song.
/m/024rgt	New Line Film Productions Inc., often simply referred to as New Line Cinema, is an American film studio. It was founded in 1967 by Robert Shaye as a film distribution company, later becoming an independent film studio. It became a subsidiary first of Turner Broadcasting, then Time Warner in 1996 and was merged with larger sister studio Warner Bros. in 2008.
/m/01jb26	Eliza Patricia Dushku is an American actress known for her television roles, including starring as Faith on Buffy the Vampire Slayer and its spinoff series Angel. She starred in two Fox series, Tru Calling and Dollhouse. She is also known for her roles in films, including True Lies, The New Guy, Bring It On, Wrong Turn and Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back, as well as her voice work on video games.
/m/02z3r	French cuisine consists of cooking traditions and practices from France, known for many rich sauces.\nGuillaume Tirel Taillevent, a court chef, wrote Le Viandier, one of the earliest recipe collections of medieval France. During that time, French cuisine was heavily influenced by Italian cuisine. In the 17th century, chefs François Pierre La Varenne and Marie-Antoine Carême spearheaded movements that shifted French cooking away from its foreign influences and developed France's own indigenous style. Cheese and wine are a major part of the cuisine, playing different roles regionally and nationally, with many variations and appellation d'origine contrôlée laws.\nFrench cuisine was codified in the 20th century by Auguste Escoffier to become the modern haute cuisine; Escoffier, however, left out much of the regional culinary character to be found in the regions of France. Gastro-tourism and the Guide Michelin helped to acquaint people with the rich bourgeois and peasant cuisine of the French countryside starting in the 20th century. Gascon cuisine has also had great influence over the cuisine in the southwest of France. Many dishes that were once regional have proliferated in variations across the country.
/m/0d810y	Bryan Batt is an American actor best known for his role in the AMC series Mad Men as Salvatore Romano, an art director for the Sterling Cooper agency. Primarily a theater actor, he has had a number of starring roles in movies and television as well. His performance in the musical adaptation of Saturday Night Fever earned him one of New York City's more unusual honors, a caricature at Sardi's.
/m/0qdwr	Adolph Zukor was a Hungarian film mogul and founder of Paramount Pictures.
/m/06rkl	Sherlock Holmes is a fictional character from the 2002 film Case of Evil: Case of Evil.
/m/03k2hn	The Parramatta Eels are an Australian professional rugby league football club based in the Sydney suburb of Parramatta. The Parramatta District Rugby League Football Club was formed in 1947, with their First Grade side playing their first season in the New South Wales Rugby Football League premiership's 40th season in 1947. Their home ground is Parramatta Stadium.\nIt took 30 years for the club to make the Grand Final, which they did in 1976 and 1977, losing on both occasions. However, this period foreshadowed their most successful period in the early 1980s, when they won four premierships and qualified for five Grand Finals in six seasons. This was a golden era for the club and has yielded their only premership titles. The club plays in the National Rugby League, the premier rugby league football competition in Australasia. Parramatta sides are also fielded in lower grades and junior competitions run by the New South Wales Rugby League where they regularly win premierships in various grades.
/m/014l6_	Pretty Woman is a 1990 American romantic comedy film set in Los Angeles. Written by J. F. Lawton and directed by Garry Marshall, the film stars Richard Gere and Julia Roberts, and features Hector Elizondo, Ralph Bellamy, and Jason Alexander in supporting roles. The story of Pretty Woman centers on the down-on-her-luck Hollywood prostitute Vivian Ward who is hired by a wealthy businessman, Edward Lewis, to be his escort for several business and social functions, and their developing relationship over the course of Vivian's week-long stay with him.\nOriginally intended to be a dark cautionary tale about class and prostitution in Los Angeles, this motion picture was reconceived as romantic comedy with a large budget. It was widely successful at the box office, and it became one of the highest money-makers of 1990.\nToday it is one of the most financially successful entries in the romantic comedy genre, with an estimated gross income of $463.4 million. It is considered by many critics to be the most successful movie in the genre.\nPretty Woman is one of the most popular films of all time; it saw the highest number of ticket sales in the US ever for a romantic comedy, with Box Office Mojo listing it as the #1 romantic comedy by the highest estimated domestic tickets sold at 42,176,400, slightly ahead of My Big Fat Greek Wedding at 41,419,500 tickets.
/m/0cj2t3	Jennifer Ann Celotta is an American television producer and writer. Among her credits are Home Improvement, Malcolm in the Middle, Greg the Bunny, Andy Richter Controls The Universe and The Office. She has directed two episodes of The Office: \"Crime Aid\" and \"The Promotion.\" By the fifth season, Celotta was serving as an Office producer and one of the series show runners, along with fellow writer Paul Lieberstein. Celotta and Lieberstein wrote the fifth season finale \"Company Picnic\", which ended with character Pam Beesly learning she is pregnant. In May 2009, Celotta said the sixth season would include a wedding for Jim and Pam, although at the time she said the specifics of it had not been worked out yet.\nCelotta and her co-writers on The Office have received Emmy Award nominations for Outstanding Comedy Series in 2007 and 2008, but lost both years to 30 Rock. The team has also received Writers Guild of America Award nominations for Best Comedy Series each year since 2006. They won the award in 2007, but lost in 2006 to Curb Your Enthusiasm, and to 30 Rock in 2008 and 2009. Celotta and her The Office co-writers were also nominated for a WGA in 2006 for Best New Series, but lost to Grey's Anatomy.
/m/02qw_v	Hobart and William Smith Colleges are located on 195 acres in New York state's Finger Lakes region in Geneva, New York, United States. They trace their origins to Geneva Academy established in 1797. The combined corporation of the two colleges, Hobart College and William Smith College, are also known as The Colleges of the Seneca. Both are liberal arts colleges offering the degrees of Bachelor of Arts, bachelor of science and master of arts in teaching.
/m/033w9g	Terry O'Quinn is an American actor, most famous for playing John Locke on the TV series Lost. He made his debut in a 1980 television movie called F.D.R.: The Last Year. Since then, O'Quinn has had minor supporting roles in films and TV movies such as Young Guns, All the Right Moves, Silver Bullet, Places in the Heart, Between Two Women, and The Rocketeer, in which he portrayed Howard Hughes. O'Quinn has had guest roles on TV shows such as Miami Vice, The Twilight Zone, Tales of the Unexpected, The West Wing, Star Trek: The Next Generation, JAG, Remington Steele, The X Files, Alias, Falling Skies, and the 2010 version of Hawaii Five-0. He starred in the ABC supernatural drama series 666 Park Avenue.\nO'Quinn became known for playing the title role in The Stepfather and Stepfather II and was cast in 1996 as Peter Watts in Millennium, which ran for three seasons. In 2004, he finally broke into mainstream popularity after landing the role of John Locke on the ABC TV series Lost, for which he won an Emmy Award in 2007 and a Saturn Award in 2004.
/m/0164r9	Robert Archibald Shaw was an English actor and novelist. With his menacing mutter and intimidating demeanor, he was often cast as a villain. He is best remembered for his performances in From Russia with Love, A Man for All Seasons, The Sting, the original The Taking of Pelham One Two Three, Black Sunday, Force 10 from Navarone, The Deep and Jaws, in which he played the shark hunter Quint.
/m/0txhf	Hagerstown is a city in Washington County, Maryland. It is the county seat of Washington County, and by many definitions, the largest city in a region known as Western Maryland. The population of Hagerstown city proper at the 2010 census was 39,662, and the population of the Hagerstown-Martinsburg Metropolitan Area was 269,140. Hagerstown ranks as Maryland's sixth largest city.\nHagerstown has a distinct topography, formed by stone ridges running from northeast to southwest through the center of town. Geography accordingly bounds its neighborhoods. These ridges consist of upper Stonehenge limestone. Many of the older buildings were built from this stone, which is easily quarried and dressed onsite. It whitens in weathering and the edgewise conglomerate and wavy laminae become distinctly visible, giving a handsome and uniquely “Cumberland Valley” appearance. Several of Hagerstown’s churches are constructed of Stonehenge limestone and its value and beauty as building rock many be seen particularly in St. John’s Episcopal Church on West Antietam Street and the Presbyterian Church at the corner of Washington and Prospect Streets. Brick and concrete eventually displaced this native stone in the construction process.
/m/0clz7	Cork is a city in Ireland. It is located in the South-West Region and in the province of Munster. With a population of 119,230, it is the second largest city in the Republic of Ireland and the third most populous on the island of Ireland.\nThe city is built on the River Lee which divides into two channels at the western end of the city. The city centre is located on the island created by the channels. At the eastern end of the city centre where the channels re-converge, quays and docks along the river banks lead to Lough Mahon and Cork Harbour, which is one of the world's largest natural harbours.\nThe city's cognomen of \"the rebel city\" originates in its support for the Yorkist cause during the War of the Roses. Corkonians often refer to the city as \"the real capital\" in reference to the city's role as the centre of anti-treaty forces during the Irish Civil War.
/m/017z88	The Juilliard School located in the Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts in New York City, is a performing arts conservatory established in 1905. It is identified informally as Juilliard and trains about 850 undergraduate and graduate students in dance, drama, and music. It is widely regarded as one of the world's leading music schools, with some of the most prestigious arts programs.
/m/01jszm	Providence College is a private, coeducational, Roman Catholic university located about two miles west of downtown Providence, Rhode Island, United States, the state's capital city. With a 2012–2013 enrollment of 3,852 undergraduate students and 735 graduate students, the college specializes in academic programs in the liberal arts. It is the only college or university in North America administered by the Dominican Order of friars.\nFounded in 1917, the college offers 49 majors and 34 minors and, beginning with the class of 2016, requires all its students to complete 16 credits in the Development of Western Civilization, which serves as a major part of the college's core curriculum. Fr. Brian Shanley has been the school's president since 2005.\nIn athletics, Providence College competes in NCAA's Division I and is a founding member of the Big East Conference and Hockey East. In December 2012, the College announced it and six other Catholic colleges would leave the Big East Conference to form its own league, which will also be called the Big East.
/m/06crng	Russell Edward Brand is an English comedian, actor, radio host, and author.\nIn 2004, Brand achieved notoriety as the host of Big Brother's Big Mouth, a Big Brother spin-off. In 2007, he had his first major film role in St Trinian's. In 2008, he had a major role in Forgetting Sarah Marshall; the film led to a starring role in Get Him to the Greek in 2010. He also worked as a voice actor in the animated films Despicable Me in 2010, Hop in 2011, and Despicable Me 2 in 2013. He played the title character of the 2011 film Arthur.\nBrand has received significant media coverage for controversies such as his dismissal from MTV, his controversial behaviour as a presenter at various award ceremonies, and his drug use. In 2008, he resigned from the BBC following prank calls he made to actor Andrew Sachs on The Russell Brand Show. He has incorporated his drug use, alcoholism, and promiscuity into his comedic material.
/m/02s_qz	Nathan Fillion is a Canadian actor best known for his role as Richard Castle on the ABC series Castle as well as his earlier portrayal of the lead role of Captain Malcolm Reynolds in the television series Firefly and its feature film continuation, Serenity.\nHe has acted in traditionally distributed films like Slither and Trucker, Internet-distributed films like Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog, television soap operas and sitcoms, theatre, and voice acted in the video games Halo 3: ODST and Halo: Reach.
/m/01q20	Constitutional monarchy is a form of democratic government in which a nonpolitical monarch acts as head of state within the boundaries of a constitution, whether written or unwritten. While the monarch may hold formal reserve powers and while government officially takes place in the monarch's name, they do not set public policy or choose political leaders. Political scientist Vernon Bogdanor, paraphrasing Thomas Macaulay, has defined a constitutional monarch as \"a sovereign who reigns but does not rule.\" This form of government differs from absolute monarchy, in which the monarch controls political decision-making and is not effectively bound by a constitutional order.\nConstitutional monarchies are sometimes referred to as limited monarchies, crowned republics or parliamentary monarchies.\nIn addition to acting as a visible symbol of national unity, a constitutional monarch may hold formal powers such as dissolving parliament or giving Royal Assent to legislation. However, the exercise of such powers is generally a formality rather than an opportunity for the sovereign to enact personal political preference. In The English Constitution, British political theorist Walter Bagehot identified three main political rights which a constitutional monarch could freely exercise: the right to be consulted, the right to advise, and the right to warn.
/m/014j83	The House of Bernadotte, the current royal house of Sweden, has reigned since 1818. Between 1818 and 1905, it was also the royal house of Norway. Its founder, Charles XIV John of Sweden, was adopted by Charles XIII of Sweden, who belonged to the House of Holstein-Gottorp which was becoming extinct.
/m/0p5wz	The University of Southampton is a public university located in Southampton, United Kingdom. Southampton is a research intensive university and a founding member of the Russell Group of elite British universities.\nThe origins of the university are dated back to the founding of the Hartley Institution in 1862 following a legacy to the Corporation of Southampton by Henry Robertson Hartley. In 1902, the Institution developed into the Hartley University College, with degrees awarded by the University of London. On 29 April 1952, the institution was granted a Royal Charter to give the University of Southampton full university status. It is a member of the European University Association, the Association of Commonwealth Universities and is an accredited institution of the Worldwide Universities Network.\nBesides being recognised as one of the leading research universities in the UK, Southampton has also achieved consistently high scores for its teaching and learning activities. It additionally has one of the highest proportions of income derived from research activities in Britain.\nSouthampton currently has over 17,000 undergraduate and 7,000 postgraduate students, making it the largest university by higher education students in the South East region. The University has six campuses - four in Southampton, one in Winchester, and one international branch in Malaysia. A further campus - the Maritime Centre of Excellence - is being developed close to the Highfield Campus. The main campus is located in the Highfield area of Southampton. Three other campuses are located throughout the city - Avenue Campus, National Oceanography Centre and Southampton General Hospital, with an additional campus - the School of Art - based in nearby Winchester.
/m/02vrr	Epilepsy is a group of long-term neurological disorders characterized by epileptic seizures. These seizures are episodes that can vary from brief and nearly undetectable to long periods of vigorous shaking. In epilepsy, seizures tend to recur, and have no immediate underlying cause while seizures that occur due to a specific cause are not deemed to represent epilepsy.\nIn most cases the cause is unknown, although some people develop epilepsy as the result of brain injury, stroke, brain cancer, and drug and alcohol misuse, among others. Epileptic seizures are the result of excessive and abnormal cortical nerve cell activity in the brain. The diagnosis typically involves ruling out other conditions that might cause similar symptoms as well as figuring out if any immediate causes are present. Epilepsy can often be confirmed with an electroencephalogram.\nEpilepsy cannot be cured, but seizures are controllable with medication in about 70% of cases. In those whose seizures do not respond to medication, surgery, neurostimulation or dietary changes may be considered. Not all cases of epilepsy are lifelong, and a substantial number of people improve to the point that medication is no longer needed.
/m/02sh8y	Robert Loggia is an American actor and director. He has been nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for Jagged Edge.
/m/0h0jz	Peter James O'Toole was a stage and film actor. He attended the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art, and began working in the theatre, gaining recognition as a Shakespearean actor at the Bristol Old Vic and with the English Stage Company, before making his film debut in 1959.\nHe achieved international recognition playing T. E. Lawrence in Lawrence of Arabia for which he received his first Academy Award nomination. He received seven further Oscar nominations – for Becket, The Lion in Winter, Goodbye, Mr. Chips, The Ruling Class, The Stunt Man, My Favorite Year and Venus – and holds the record for the most Academy Award acting nominations without a win. He won four Golden Globes, a BAFTA and an Emmy, and was the recipient of an Honorary Academy Award in 2003.
/m/0fz3b1	Superbad is a 2007 American comedy film directed by Greg Mottola and starring Jonah Hill and Michael Cera. The film was written by Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg, who began working on the script when they were both thirteen years old. They completed a draft by the time they were fifteen. The film's main characters have the same given names as Rogen and Goldberg. It was also one of a string of hit films produced by Judd Apatow.
/m/02c6d	Dressed to Kill is a 1980 erotic crime thriller film written and directed by Brian De Palma and starring Michael Caine, Angie Dickinson, Nancy Allen and Keith Gordon. It centers on the murder of a housewife and an investigation involving a young prostitute who witnessed the murder, the victim’s teenaged son and her psychiatrist. The original music score is composed by Pino Donaggio.\nBrian De Palma originally wanted the Norwegian actress Liv Ullmann to play Kate Miller, but she declined because of the violence. The role then went on to Angie Dickinson. Sean Connery was offered the role of Robert Elliot and was enthusiastic about it, but declined on account of previously acquired commitments.
/m/042f1	James Knox Polk was the 11th President of the United States. Polk was born in Mecklenburg County, North Carolina. He later lived in and represented Tennessee. A Democrat, Polk served as the 17th Speaker of the House of Representatives and Governor of Tennessee. Polk was the surprise candidate for president in 1844, defeating Henry Clay of the rival Whig Party by promising to invade and annex Texas. Polk was a leader of Jacksonian Democracy during the Second Party System. He's also known for invading and annexing roughly half of the Mexican Republic.\nPolk was the last strong pre–Civil War president, and he is the earliest of whom there are surviving photographs taken during a term in office. He is noted for his foreign policy successes. He threatened war with Britain over the issue of which nation owned the Oregon Country, then backed away and split the ownership of the region with Britain. When Mexico rejected American annexation of Texas, Polk led the nation to a sweeping victory in the Mexican-American War, which gave the United States most of its present Southwest. He secured passage of the Walker tariff of 1846, which had low rates that pleased his native South, and he established a treasury system that lasted until 1913.
/m/035sc2	Morgan Valentine Spurlock is an American documentary filmmaker, humorist, television producer, screenwriter, and political activist, best known for the documentary films Super Size Me, Where In The World Is Osama Bin Laden, POM Wonderful Presents: The Greatest Movie Ever Sold, Comic-Con Episode IV: A Fan's Hope and One Direction: This Is Us. Spurlock was the executive producer and star of the reality television series 30 Days. As of June 2013, Spurlock hosts and produces the CNN show Inside Man and is the co-founder of short-film content marketing company cinelan, which produced the Focus Forward campaign for GE.
/m/08cn4_	Judy Greer is an American actress known for portraying a string of supporting characters, including Kitty Sanchez on the Fox/Netflix series Arrested Development and Cheryl Tunt on the animated comedy series Archer. Greer has had a supporting role in a number of romantic comedy films, including The Wedding Planner, 13 Going on 30, 27 Dresses and Love and Other Drugs. She also had a supporting role in the 2011 film The Descendants. In 2011, Greer began hosting an online series of workout videos called Reluctantly Healthy.
/m/0438pz	Richard Anthony \"Dick\" Wolf is an American producer, specializing in crime dramas such as Miami Vice and the Law & Order franchise. Throughout his career he has won several awards including an Emmy Award and a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.\nWolf has also authored two books. The first, Law & Order: Crime Scenes is a nonfiction companion to the Law & Order series, and the second, The Intercept, is a thriller novel.
/m/0zc6f	Dumfries is a market town and former royal burgh within the Dumfries and Galloway council area of Scotland. It is near the mouth of the River Nith into the Solway Firth. Dumfries was a civil parish and became the county town of the former county of Dumfriesshire. Dumfries is nicknamed Queen of the South. People from Dumfries are known colloquially as Doonhamers.
/m/08qmfm	Jeri Taylor is a television scriptwriter and producer who is known for her contributions to the Star Trek series. She is an alumna of Indiana University, where she was a member of Kappa Alpha Theta.
/m/0x44q	Billings is the largest city in the US state of Montana, and is the principal city of the Billings Metropolitan Area with a population of 162,848. It has a trade area of over half a million people.\nBillings is located in the south-central portion of the state and is the county seat of Yellowstone County, which had a 2012 population of 151,882. The 2012 Census estimates put the Billings population at 106,954, the only city in Montana to surpass 100,000 people. The city is experiencing rapid growth and a strong economy; it has had and is continuing to have the largest growth of any city in Montana. Parts of the metro area are seeing hyper growth. From 2000 to 2010 Lockwood, a southeastern suburb of the city saw growth of 57.8% the largest growth rate of any community in Montana. Billings has avoided the economic downturn that affected most of the nation 2008–2012 as well as avoiding the housing bust. With the Bakken oil play in eastern Montana and western North Dakota, the largest oil discovery in U.S. history, as well as the Heath shale oil play just north of Billings, the city's already rapid growth rate is escalating.\nBillings was nicknamed the Magic City because of its rapid growth from its founding as a railroad town in March 1882. The city is named for Frederick H. Billings, a former president of the Northern Pacific Railroad. With one of the largest trade areas in the United States, Billings is the trade and distribution center for most of Montana, Northern Wyoming and western portions of North Dakota and South Dakota. Billings is also the retail destination for much of the same area. With more hotel accommodations than any area within a five state region, the city hosts a variety of conventions, concerts, sporting events and other rallies.
/m/0psxp	Evanston is a suburban city in Cook County, Illinois, United States, 12 miles north of downtown Chicago, bordered by Chicago to the south, Skokie to the west, and Wilmette to the north, with a population of 74,486 as of 2010. It is one of the North Shore communities that adjoin Lake Michigan. The boundaries of the city of Evanston are coterminous with those of Evanston Township – although school districts 65 and 202 take in a small portion of eastern Skokie. Evanston is the home of Northwestern University.
/m/0146hc	The University of Central Florida, commonly referred to as UCF, is a metropolitan public research university located in Orlando, Florida, United States. UCF is a member institution of the State University System of Florida, and it is the second-largest university in the United States by enrollment.\nThe University of Central Florida was authorized by the Florida State Legislature in 1963, and opened in 1968 as Florida Technological University, with the mission of providing personnel to support the growing U.S. space program at the Kennedy Space Center, which is located only 35 miles to the east. \"Florida Tech\" was renamed The University of Central Florida in 1978, as the academic scope expanded beyond its original focus on engineering and technology. Initial enrollment was only 1,948 students, as of 2013 enrollment consists of 60,181 students from over 140 countries, all 50 states and Washington, D.C. The majority of the student population is located on the university's 1,415-acre main campus approximately 13 miles east-northeast of downtown Orlando and 55 miles south-southwest of Daytona Beach. The university offers over 200 degree options through twelve colleges and twelve satellite campuses throughout Florida. Since its founding, UCF has awarded almost 250,000 degrees, including 45,000 graduate, specialist and professional degrees, to over 230,000 alumni worldwide.
/m/0194zl	Iris is a 2001 biographical film that tells the story of British novelist Iris Murdoch and her relationship with John Bayley. The film contrasts the start of their relationship, when Murdoch was an outgoing, dominant individual as compared to her timid and scholarly partner Bayley, and their later life, when Murdoch was suffering from Alzheimer's disease and tended to by a frustrated Bayley in their North Oxford home in Charlbury Road.\nThe film, which was directed by Richard Eyre, is based on Bayley's memoir Elegy for Iris. The beach scenes were filmed at Southwold in Suffolk, one of Murdoch's favourite haunts.\nBroadbent received the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role. Dench and Winslet were both nominated, for Best Actress and Best Supporting Actress respectively.
/m/04lqvly	Waltz with Bashir is a 2008 Israeli animated documentary film written and directed by Ari Folman. It depicts Folman in search of his lost memories of his experience as a soldier in the 1982 Lebanon War.\nThis film and $9.99, also released in 2008, are the first Israeli animated feature-length films released in movie theaters since Alina and Yoram Gross's Ba'al Hahalomot. Waltz with Bashir premiered at the 2008 Cannes Film Festival where it entered the competition for the Palme d'Or, and since then has won and been nominated for many additional important awards while receiving wide acclaim from critics. It won a Golden Globe Award for Best Foreign Language Film, an NSFC Award for Best Film, a César Award for Best Foreign Film and an IDA Award for Feature Documentary, and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, a BAFTA Award for Best Film Not in the English Language and an Annie Award for Best Animated Feature.\nThe film is officially banned in Lebanon.
/m/05b1610	The Razzie Award for Worst Screenplay is an award presented at the annual Golden Raspberry Awards for the worst film screenplay of the past year. The following is a list of nominees and recipients of that award, including each screenplay's author. The Golden Raspberry Award Foundation renamed this award The Joe Eszterhas Dis-Honorarial Worst Screenplay Award after Eszterhas won his second award in this category. The only other writer with multiple wins is Daniel Waters, also with two Razzies.\nThree \"winners\" received their awards, though only one in the actual ceremony, Catwoman co-writer Michael Ferris. Razzies founder John J. B. Wilson delivered the prize to Brian Helgeland - who after winning an Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay for L.A. Confidential expressed interested in receiving his Razzie for The Postman - in his office, and to J.D. Shapiro, co-writer of Battlefield Earth, in a radio program.
/m/047byns	The Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing for a Variety Series debuted in 1957, and has been annually awarded most years since 1964. It has had many slight name changes, mostly involving the addition or subtraction of the word comedy. Generally, the category has recognized the writers of variety and sketch comedy shows. However, in 1957, 1964, and 1979, it was the main category for writers of situation comedies, which have otherwise been recognized in a wholly separate category.\nFor most of the 1970s, the category was effectively split into two branches. From 1971 to 1978, one-off specials were awarded separately from ongoing series. Since then, the writers of one-off variety specials have competed against series writers, and have very occasionally won, as in 1991 and 2000. This has led to some anomalies, such as when a special edition of Late Night with David Letterman beat out regular editions of The Tracey Ullman Show and Saturday Night Live in 1987 — despite the fact that typical episodes of Late Night were not nominated that year.\nThe category eventually found greater stability with its name in 1982, when it settled on Outstanding Writing for a Variety or Music Program for almost two decades. In 2000, it added the word comedy, thus allowing for the current form of the name. Of all the writing Emmy categories, it has recently become the one most dominated by cable networks. Since 1996 it has been won by a major terrestrial broadcaster only twice, with the overwhelming majority of winners coming from HBO and Comedy Central.
/m/02nt3d	Along Came Polly is a 2004 American romantic comedy film written and directed by John Hamburg, starring Ben Stiller and Jennifer Aniston in the lead roles.
/m/01tkfj	Jaleco Ltd is a Japanese video game publisher and developer established in 2006.\nThe original Jaleco Ltd was founded in 1974. In 2006, it decided to become a pure holding company by renaming itself Jaleco Holding and splitting its video game operations into a newly created subsidiary that took its former name of Jaleco Ltd. In 2009, Jaleco Holding sold Jaleco Ltd to Game Yarou and subsequently changed its own name to Emcom Holdings.\nAs a wholly owned subsidiary of Game Yarou, Jaleco Ltd operates independently and continues to trade under the Jaleco name. Emcom Holdings is no longer involved at all in the video game business, having branched out to other markets.
/m/01wbg84	Steven Vincent \"Steve\" Buscemi is an American actor, director and writer. An associate member of the renowned experimental theater company The Wooster Group, Buscemi has starred and supported in successful Hollywood and indie films, including Parting Glances, New York Stories, Mystery Train, Reservoir Dogs, Desperado, Con Air, Armageddon, The Grey Zone, Ghost World and Big Fish; and the HBO television series The Sopranos. He is also known for his appearances in many films by the Coen brothers: Miller's Crossing, Barton Fink, The Hudsucker Proxy, Fargo and The Big Lebowski.\nSince 2010, he has starred in the critically acclaimed series Boardwalk Empire, which earned him two Screen Actors Guild Awards, a Golden Globe, and two nominations for an Emmy Award. He made his directorial debut in 1996, with Trees Lounge, in which he also starred. Other works include Animal Factory, Lonesome Jim and Interview. He has also directed numerous episodes of television shows, including Homicide: Life on the Street, The Sopranos, Oz, 30 Rock and Nurse Jackie.
/m/01hcvm	Skate punk is a sub genre of punk rock, originally a derivative of the West Coast hardcore punk scene, that is named after its popularity among skateboarders and association with skateboarding culture. Skate punk most often describes the sound of melodic hardcore bands from the 1990s with an aggressive sound, and similar sounding modern bands. Skate videos have traditionally featured this aggressive style of punk rock. This played a big part in the coining of the term \"skate punk\". Skate punk has gained popularity all around the world, including the Nardcore punk scene out of Oxnard, California.
/m/0klw	Sir Arthur Charles Clarke, CBE, FRAS was a British science fiction writer, science writer, inventor, undersea explorer, and television series host.\nHe is perhaps most famous for being co-writer of the screenplay for the movie 2001: A Space Odyssey, considered by the American Film Institute to be one of the most influential films of all time. His other science fiction writings earned him a number of Hugo and Nebula awards, along with a large readership, making him into one of the towering figures of the field. For many years he, along with Robert Heinlein and Isaac Asimov, were known as the \"Big Three\" of science fiction.\nClarke was a lifelong proponent of space travel. In 1934 while still a teenager, he joined the British Interplanetary Society. In 1945, he proposed a satellite communication system—an idea that, in 1963, won him the Franklin Institute's Stuart Ballantine Medal. Later he was the chairman of the British Interplanetary Society from 1946–47 and again in 1951-53.\nClarke was also a science writer, who was both an avid popularizer of space travel and a futurist of uncanny ability, who won a Kalinga Prize in 1961. These all together eventually earned him the moniker \"prophet of the space age\".
/m/047bynf	Me and Orson Welles is a 2008 British-American period-drama film directed by Richard Linklater and starring Zac Efron, Christian McKay, and Claire Danes. Based on Robert Kaplow's novel of the same name, the story, set in 1937 New York, tells of a teenager hired to perform in Orson Welles' stage production of Julius Caesar, where he becomes attracted to a career-driven production assistant.\nThe film was shot in London and New York and on the Isle of Man in February, March, and April 2008, and was released in the United States on November 25, 2009 and the United Kingdom on December 4, 2009.
/m/0c41n	The Acadians are the descendants of the 17th-century French colonists who settled in Acadia, many of whom are metis. The colony was located in what is now Eastern Canada's Maritime provinces, as well as part of Quebec, and present-day Maine to the Kennebec River. Although today most of the Acadians and Québécois are French speaking Canadians, Acadia was a distinctly separate colony of New France. It was geographically and administratively separate from the French colony of Canada. As a result, the Acadians and Québécois developed two distinct histories and cultures. The settlers whose descendants became Acadians came from \"all the regions of France but coming predominantly directly from the cities\".\nPrior to the British Conquest of Acadia in 1710, the Acadians lived for almost 80 years in Acadia. After the Conquest, they lived under British rule for the next forty-five years. During the French and Indian War, British colonial officers suspected their loyalty. The British, together with New England legislators and militia, carried out the Great Expulsion of 1755–1763 during the war years. They deported approximately 11,500 Acadians from the maritime region. Approximately one-third perished from disease and drowning. Although one historian compared this event to contemporary ethnic cleansing, other historians suggested that the event is comparable with other deportations in history.
/m/02x1dht	The Satellite Award for Best Original Screenplay is an annual award given by the International Press Academy.
/m/0clzr	County Cork is a county in Ireland. It is located in the South-West Region and is also part of the province of Munster. It is named after the city of Cork. Cork County Council is the local authority for the county. In 2011, the county's population was 518,128 making it the second most populous of the counties in the state.
/m/015y3j	Dickinson College is a private, residential liberal arts college in Carlisle, Pennsylvania, United States Founded in 1773 as Carlisle Grammar School, Dickinson received its charter in 1783. Originally established as a grammar school in 1773, Dickinson was chartered September 9, 1783, six days after the signing of the Treaty of Paris, making it the first college to be founded in the newly recognized United States. Dickinson was founded by Benjamin Rush, a signer of the United States Declaration of Independence and originally named \"John and Mary's College\" in honor of a signer of the Constitution, John Dickinson, who was later the President of Pennsylvania and his wife, Mary Norris Dickinson, who donated much of her extensive personal library, combined with John Dickinson's library, to the school. Dickinson College is America's 16th oldest college.\nWith over 240 full-time faculty members and an enrollment of nearly 2,400 students, Dickinson is known for its innovative curriculum and international education programs. Dickinson sponsors 12 study centers in other countries and its approach to global education has received national recognition from the American Council on Education and NAFSA: Association of International Educators. The college was among six institutions profiled in depth by NAFSA for \"Outstanding Campus Internationalization\" in 2003 Each year, Dickinson receives approximately 6,000 applications for its 600 spaces — putting it among the top liberal arts colleges in the nation. In 2013 Dickinson's endowment stood at $388 million — it is estimated it will top $400 million in early 2014.
/m/03q6zc	Banaras Hindu University is a public central university located in Varanasi, Uttar Pradesh. Established in 1916 by Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya, BHU is one of the largest residential universities in Asia, with over 20,000 students.\nThe university's main campus spread over 1,300 acres was built on land donated by the Kashi Naresh, the hereditary ruler of Banaras. The Rajiv Gandhi South Campus, spread over 2,700 acres, hosts the Krishi Vigyan Kendra and is located in Barkachha in Mirzapur district, about 60 km from Banaras. The University is also planning to setup a campus in Bihar.\nBHU is organised into 4 institutes and 14 faculties and more than 140 departments. Total student enrolment at the university exceeds 20,000, and includes students from over 34 nations. It has over 60 hostels for resident students. Several of its colleges, including engineering, science, linguistics, journalism & mass communication, performing arts, law, agriculture, medicine and Institute of Environment And Sustainable Development, are ranked among the best in India. The university is well known for hosting an IIT. The university's engineering institute was designated an IIT in June 2012. Banaras Hindu University is among the few finest institutions of higher learning in India.
/m/05b0f7	EMI Music Japan Inc., was one of Japan's leading music companies. It became a wholly owned subsidiary of British music company EMI Group Ltd. in June 30, 2007 after Toshiba sold off its previous 45% stake. Its CEO and president was Kazuhiko Koike. When EMI Music Japan was trading as Toshiba-EMI, it was involved with the production of anime. On April 1, 2013, the company became defunct, following its absorption into Universal Music Japan as a sublabel under the name EMI Records Japan.
/m/02j3w	Des Moines is the capital and the most populous city in the U.S. state of Iowa. It is also the county seat of Polk County. A small portion of the city extends into Warren County. It was incorporated on September 22, 1851, as Fort Des Moines which was shortened to \"Des Moines\" in 1857. It is named after the Des Moines River, which may have been adapted from the French Rivière des Moines, meaning \"River of the Monks.\" The city's population was 203,433 as of the 2010 census. The five-county metropolitan area is ranked 88th in terms of population in the United States with 580,255 residents according to the 2011 estimate by the United States Census Bureau.\nDes Moines is a major center of the U.S. insurance industry and also has a sizable financial services and publishing business base. In fact, Des Moines was credited as the \"number one spot for U.S. insurance companies\" in a Business Wire article and named the third largest \"insurance capital\" of the world. The city is the headquarters for the Principal Financial Group, Aviva USA insurance, the Meredith Corporation, Ruan Transportation, EMC Insurance Companies, and Wellmark Blue Cross Blue Shield. Other major corporations such as Wells Fargo, ING Group, Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company, Marsh, Monsanto and Pioneer Hi-Bred have large operations in or near the metro area. In recent years Microsoft, Hewlett Packard and Facebook have established data processing and logistical facilities in the Des Moines metro. Forbes magazine ranked Des Moines as the \"Best Place for Business\" in both 2010 and 2013. In 2014, NBC ranked Des Moines as the \"Wealthiest City in America\" according to its criteria.
/m/0gx_p	Michelle Marie Pfeiffer is an American actress and singer. She made her film debut in 1980 in The Hollywood Knights, but first garnered mainstream attention with her breakout performance in Scarface.\nPfeiffer has had her greatest commercial successes with Batman Returns, What Lies Beneath, and Hairspray. Her other films include Ladyhawke, The Witches of Eastwick, Married to the Mob, The Age of Innocence, Wolf, Dangerous Minds, I Am Sam, Cheri, and Dark Shadows.\nDuring her career, Pfeiffer has won numerous awards including the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress - Motion Picture Drama, the BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role, and Best Actress awards from the National Board of Review, the National Society of Film Critics, the New York Film Critics Circle, the Chicago Film Critics Association and the Los Angeles Film Critics Association, as well as Best Supporting Actress awards from the Kansas City Film Critics Circle and the San Diego Film Critics Society.\nShe has received three Academy Award nominations to date: Best Supporting Actress for Dangerous Liaisons, and Best Actress in The Fabulous Baker Boys and Love Field.
/m/03zrc_	The South Africa national football team represents South Africa in association football and is controlled by the South African Football Association, the governing body for football in South Africa. South Africa's home ground is FNB Stadium, so named due to a naming rights deal, in Johannesburg. The team's current head coach is Gordon Igesund. They returned to the world stage in 1992, after years of being banned from FIFA due to the apartheid system. In 2010, South Africa became the first African nation to host the FIFA World Cup when it hosted the 19th FIFA World Cup in June and July 2010. The team's Siphiwe Tshabalala was also the first person to score in this World Cup during the opening game against Mexico. Despite defeating France 2–1 in their final game of the Group Stage, they failed to progress from the first round of the tournament. In failing to proceed, they became the first host nation to exit in the group stage. They however performed better than other African teams who were representing the continent except for Ghana and Côte d'Ivoire. While South Africa automatically had a position in the World Cup final as hosts and therefore did not need to qualify, they did participate in the qualifying process as this doubled-up as qualification for the African Cup of Nations in 2010. As it transpired, 'Bafana Bafana' failed to get past the first round of qualification and as such missed out on a Nations Cup berth, meaning they would not have qualified for the World Cup if they were not the host nation.
/m/0148d	Anti-communism is opposition to communism. Organized anti-communism developed in reaction to the rise of communism, especially after the 1917 October Revolution in Russia and reaching global dimensions during the Cold War.\nMost anti-communists reject the concept of historical materialism, which is a central idea in Marxism. Anti-communists reject the Marxist belief that capitalism will be followed by socialism and communism, just as feudalism was followed by capitalism. Anti-communists question the validity of the Marxist claim that the socialist state will \"wither away\" when it becomes unnecessary in a true communist society.\nAnti-communists argue that the repression in the early years of Bolshevik rule, while not as extreme as that during Joseph Stalin's rule, was still severe by reasonable standards, citing examples such as Felix Dzerzhinsky's secret police, which eliminated numerous political opponents by extrajudicial executions, and the brutal crushing of the Kronstadt rebellion and Tambov rebellion. Some anti-communists refer to both Communism and fascism as totalitarianism, seeing similarity between the actions of communist and fascist governments. Historian Robert Conquest has argued that Communism was responsible for tens of millions of deaths during the 20th century.
/m/02vr7	Elvis Costello is an English singer-songwriter. He began his career as part of London's pub rock scene in the early 1970s and later became associated with the first wave of the British Punk & New Wave movement of the mid-to-late 1970s. His critically acclaimed debut album, My Aim Is True, was recorded in 1976. Shortly after recording his first album he formed The Attractions as his backing band. His second album, This Year's Model, was released in 1978, and was ranked number 11 by Rolling Stone on its list of the best albums of the period 1967-1987. Costello and The Attractions toured and recorded together for the better part of a decade, though differences between them caused a split by 1986. Much of Costello's work since has been as a solo artist, though reunions with members of The Attractions have been credited to the group over the years.\nSteeped in wordplay, the vocabulary of Costello's lyrics is broader than that of most popular songs. His music has drawn on many diverse genres; one critic described him as a \"pop encyclopaedia\", able to \"reinvent the past in his own image\".\nCostello has won multiple awards in his career, including a Grammy Award, and has twice been nominated for the Brit Award for Best British Male. In 2003, Costello and The Attractions were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. In 2004, Rolling Stone ranked Costello number 80 on their list of the 100 Greatest Artists of All Time.
/m/06v9_x	National Security is a 2003 action comedy film, directed by Dennis Dugan, starring Martin Lawrence and Steve Zahn. In addition to Lawrence and Zahn, National Security boasts an additional cast of Bill Duke, Eric Roberts, Colm Feore, Matt McCoy, and others.\nThe film was released in January 2003 and went on to gross over $50 million worldwide at the box office. The film was shot at various locations in Greater Los Angeles, including Long Beach and Santa Clarita.
/m/09cmq	A museum is an institution that cares for a collection of artifacts and other objects of scientific, artistic, cultural, or historical importance and makes them available for public viewing through exhibits that may be permanent or temporary. Most large museums are located in major cities throughout the world and more local ones exist in smaller cities, towns and even the countryside. Museums have varying aims, ranging from serving researchers and specialists to serving the general public. The continuing acceleration in the digitization of information, combined with the increasing capacity of digital information storage, is causing the traditional model of museums to expand to include virtual exhibits and high-resolution images of their collections for perusal, study, and exploration from any place with Internet. The city with the largest number of museums is Mexico City with over 128 museums. According to The World Museum Community, there are more than 55,000 museums in 202 countries.
/m/03_9r	Japanese is an East Asian language spoken by about 125 million speakers, primarily in Japan, where it is the national language. It is a member of the Japonic language family, whose relation to other language groups, particularly to Korean and the suggested Altaic language family, is debated.\nLittle is known of the language's prehistory, or when it first appeared in Japan. Chinese documents from the 3rd century recorded a few Japanese words, but substantial texts did not appear until the 8th century. During the Heian period, Chinese had a considerable influence on the vocabulary and phonology of Old Japanese. Late Middle Japanese saw changes in features that brought it closer to the modern language, as well the first appearance of European loanwords. The standard dialect moved from the Kansai region to the Edo region in the Early Modern Japanese period. Following the end in 1853 of Japan's self-imposed isolation, the flow of loanwords from European languages increased significantly. English loanwords in particular have become frequent, and Japanese words from English roots have proliferated.
/m/03mszl	Gillian Welch is an American singer-songwriter. She performs with her musical partner, guitarist David Rawlings. Their sparse and dark musical style, which combines elements of Appalachian music, Bluegrass, and Americana, is described by The New Yorker as \"at once innovative and obliquely reminiscent of past rural forms\".\nWelch and Rawlings have released five critically acclaimed albums. Their 1996 debut, Revival, and the 2001 release Time, received nominations for the Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Folk Album. Their 2003 album, Soul Journey, introduced electric guitar, drums and a more upbeat sound to their body of work. After a gap of eight years, they released their fifth studio album, The Harrow & The Harvest, in 2011.\nWelch was an associate producer and performed on two songs of the O Brother, Where Art Thou? soundtrack, a platinum album that won the Grammy Award for Album of the Year in 2002. Welch has collaborated and recorded with distinguished musicians such as Alison Krauss, Ryan Adams, Jay Farrar, Emmylou Harris, The Decemberists, and Ani DiFranco.
/m/0fr5p	Harford County is a county in the U.S. state of Maryland. As of the 2010 census, the population was 244,826. Its county seat is Bel Air. Harford County forms part of both the Baltimore metropolitan area and the larger Baltimore-Washington metropolitan area.
/m/02vmzp	Shammi Kapoor was an Indian film actor and director. He was a prominent lead actor in Hindi cinema from the late 1950s until the early 1970s. He received the Filmfare Best Actor Award in 1968 for his performance in Brahmachari and Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actor for Vidhaata in 1982.\nShammi Kapoor is hailed as one of the most entertaining lead actors that Hindi cinema has ever produced. He was one of the leading stars of Hindi cinema during the late 1950s, the 1960s and early '70s. He made his Hindi Film debut in 1953 with the film Jeevan Jyoti, and went on to deliver hits like Tumsa Nahin Dekha, Dil Deke Dekho, Singapore, Junglee, College Girl, Professor, China Town, Pyaar Kiya To Darna Kya, Kashmir Ki Kali, Janwar, Teesri Manzil, An Evening in Paris, Bramhachari, Andaz and Sachaai.
/m/0x335	Missoula is a city in the U.S. state of Montana and is the county seat of Missoula County. It is located along the Clark Fork River near its confluence with the Bitterroot River in western Montana and at the convergence of five mountain ranges, thus is often described as the \"Hub of Five Valleys\". The United States Census Bureau estimated the city's population at 68,394 and the population of the Missoula Metropolitan Area at 110,977 as of July 1, 2012 Since 2000, Missoula has been the second most populous city in Montana. Missoula is home to the University of Montana, a public research university.\nMissoula was founded in 1860 as Hellgate Trading Post while still part of Washington Territory. By 1866, the settlement had moved five miles upstream and renamed Missoula Mills, later shortened to Missoula. The mills provided supplies to western settlers traveling along the Mullan Road. The establishment of Fort Missoula in 1877 to protect settlers further stabilized the economy. The arrival of the Northern Pacific Railway in 1883 brought rapid growth and the maturation of the local lumber industry. An element of prestige could be claimed ten years later when what was already called the City of Missoula was chosen by the Montana Legislature as the site for the new state's first university. Along with the U.S. Forest Service headquarters founded in 1908, lumber and the university would remain staples of the local economy for the next hundred years.
/m/06dfz1	Prison Break is an American television serial drama created by Paul Scheuring, that was broadcast on Fox for four seasons, from 2005 until 2009. The series revolves around two brothers; one has been sentenced to death for a crime he did not commit, and the other devises an elaborate plan to help his brother escape prison. The series was produced by Adelstein-Parouse Productions, in association with Original Television and 20th Century Fox Television. Along with creator Paul Scheuring, the series is executive produced by Matt Olmstead, Kevin Hooks, Marty Adelstein, Dawn Parouse, Neal H. Moritz, and Brett Ratner who directed the pilot episode. The series' theme music, composed by Ramin Djawadi, was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award in 2006.\nThe series was originally turned down by Fox in 2003, which was concerned about the long-term prospects of such a series. Following the popularity of serialized prime time television series Lost and 24, Fox decided to back production in 2004. The first season received generally positive reviews, and performed well in the ratings. The first season was originally planned for a 13-episode run, but was extended to include an extra nine episodes due to its popularity. Prison Break was nominated for several industry awards, and won the 2006 People's Choice Award for Favorite New TV Drama and was nominated for the 2005 Golden Globe Award for Best Television Series Drama. In the United States, all four seasons have been released on DVD, while the first and third seasons and The Final Break have also been released on Blu-ray Disc. The series has been aired and all seasons have been released on Blu-ray internationally.
/m/025tm81	Psychedelic music covers a range of popular music styles and genres, which are inspired by or influenced by psychedelic culture and which attempt to replicate and/or enhance the mind-altering experiences of psychedelic drugs. It emerged during the mid-1960s among folk rock and blues rock bands in the United States and Britain.\nPsychedelic music bands often used new recording techniques and effects and drew on non-Western sources such as the ragas and drones of Indian music. Psychedelic influences spread into folk, rock, and soul, creating the subgenres of psychedelic folk, psychedelic rock, psychedelic pop and psychedelic soul in the late 1960s before declining in the early 1970s. Psychedelic music bands expanded their musical horizons, and went on to create and influence many new musical genres including progressive rock, kosmische musik, synth rock, jazz rock, heavy metal, glam rock, funk, electro and bubblegum pop. Psychedelic music was revived in a variety of forms of neopsychedelia from the 1980s, in psychedelic hip hop and re-emerged in electronic music in genres including acid house, trance music and new rave.
/m/058j2	Marvel Worldwide, Inc., commonly referred to as Marvel Comics and formerly Marvel Publishing, Inc. and Marvel Comics Group, is an American publisher of comic books and related media. In 2009, The Walt Disney Company acquired Marvel Entertainment, Marvel Worldwide's parent company.\nMarvel started in 1939 as Timely Publications, and by the early 1950s had generally become known as Atlas Comics. Marvel's modern incarnation dates from 1961, the year that the company launched The Fantastic Four and other superhero titles created by Stan Lee, Jack Kirby, Steve Ditko, and many others.\nMarvel counts among its characters such well-known properties as Spider-Man, the X-Men, the Fantastic Four, Iron Man, the Hulk, Thor, Captain America, the Silver Surfer, and the Avengers and antagonists such as the Green Goblin, Doctor Octopus, Magneto, Doctor Doom, Loki, Galactus, Thanos, and the Red Skull. Most of Marvel's fictional characters operate in a single reality known as the Marvel Universe, with locations that mirror real-life cities such as New York, Los Angeles and Chicago.\nMarvel Comics and its major, longtime competitor DC Comics shared over 80% of the American comic-book market in 2008.
/m/02jxbw	Glory is a 1989 American drama war film directed by Edward Zwick and starring Matthew Broderick, Denzel Washington, Cary Elwes and Morgan Freeman. The screenplay was written by Kevin Jarre, based on the personal letters of Colonel Robert Gould Shaw, and the novels Lay This Laurel, by Lincoln Kirstein, and One Gallant Rush, by Peter Burchard.\nThe story is based on the 54th Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry, the first formal unit of the US Army to be made up entirely of African American men, as told from the point of view of Colonel Shaw, its commanding officer during the American Civil War.\nThe film was co-produced by TriStar Pictures and Freddie Fields Productions, and distributed by Tri-Star Pictures in the United States. It premiered in limited release in the US on December 14, 1989, and in wide release on February 16, 1990, making $26,828,365. It was considered a moderate financial success taking into account its $18 million budget. The soundtrack, composed by James Horner in conjunction with the Boys Choir of Harlem, was released on January 23, 1990. The home video was distributed by Sony Pictures Home Entertainment. On June 2, 2009, a widescreen Blu-ray version, featuring the director's commentary and deleted scenes, was released.
/m/0671wk	The Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav is a Norwegian order of chivalry that was instituted by King Oscar I of Norway and Sweden on August 21, 1847, as a distinctly Norwegian order. It is named after King Olav II, known to posterity as St. Olav. Nobility was abolished in Norway in 1821. Just before the union with Sweden was dissolved in 1905, the Order of the Norwegian Lion was instituted in 1904 by King Oscar II, but it was not awarded by his successor Haakon VII. The Order of St. Olav thus became the kingdom's only order of chivalry for the next 80 years. The Grand Master of the order is the reigning monarch of Norway. It is awarded to individuals as a reward for remarkable accomplishments on behalf of the country and humanity. Since 1985, the order has only been conferred upon Norwegian citizens, though foreign heads of state and royals are awarded the order as a matter of courtesy.\nThe King awards the order upon the recommendation of a six-member commission, consisting of a chancellor, vice chancellor, the Lord Chamberlain, and three other representatives. The Lord Chamberlain nominates the members of the commission, and the monarch approves them. Nominations for the award are directed at the commission through the county governor.
/m/0hr6lkl	The 17th Critics' Choice Awards were presented on January 12, 2012 at the Hollywood Palladium, honoring the finest achievements in 2011 filmmaking. The ceremony was broadcast on VH1. Paul Scheer and Rob Huebel hosted the event.\nThe nominees were announced on December 13, 2011.
/m/01ry0f	Kurtwood Larson Smith is an American television and film actor. He is known for playing Clarence Boddicker in RoboCop and Red Forman in That '70s Show, and for his appearances in the genre of science fiction. He also starred in the seventh season of 24.
/m/0ym69	Pembroke College is one of the constituent colleges of the University of Oxford in England, located in Pembroke Square. The college was founded in 1624 by King James I, using in part the endowment of merchant Thomas Tesdale, and was named after William Herbert, 3rd Earl of Pembroke, Lord Chamberlain and then-Chancellor of the University.\nAs of 2011, Pembroke had an estimated financial endowment of £55.6 million. Pembroke offers the study of almost all the courses offered by Oxford University.\nThe current Master of the college is Dame Lynne Brindley, former head of the British Library.
/m/03lkp	Hastings is a town and borough in the county of East Sussex, within the historic county of Sussex, on the south coast of England. The town is located 24 mi east of the county town of Lewes and 53 mi south east of London, and has an estimated population of 86,900.\nIn historical terms, Hastings can claim fame through its connection with the Norman conquest of England; and also because it became one of the medieval Cinque Ports. Hastings was, for centuries, an important fishing port; although nowadays less important, it still has the largest beach-based fishing fleet in England. The town became a watering place in the 1760s, and then, with the coming of the railway, a seaside resort.\nThe attraction of Hastings as a tourist destination continues; although the number of hotels has decreased, it caters for wider tastes, being home to internationally-based cultural and sporting events, such as chess and running. It has set out to become \"a modern European town\" and seeks to attract commercial business in the many industrial sites round the borough.
/m/014zn0	Dana Andrews was an American film actor. He was one of Hollywood's major stars of the 1940s, and continued acting, though generally in less prestigious roles, into the 1980s. One of his best-known roles, and the one for which he received the most praise, was as war veteran Fred Derry in The Best Years of Our Lives.
/m/02lxj_	Gloria Frances Stewart, known by the stage name Gloria Stuart, was an American actress, activist, painter, bonsai artist and fine art printer and printmaker. Stuart had a Hollywood career which spanned from 1932 until 2004 where she appeared on stage, television and in film, for which she was best-known. She appeared as Claude Rains' sweetheart in The Invisible Man, and as the elderly Rose Dawson Calvert in the Academy Award-winning film Titanic. She was the oldest person to be nominated for a competitive Oscar, for her role in Titanic, at the age of 87.
/m/0bk5r	Carl Gustav Jung, often referred to as C. G. Jung, was a Swiss psychiatrist and psychotherapist who founded analytical psychology. Jung proposed and developed the concepts of extraversion and introversion; archetypes, and the collective unconscious. His work has been influential in psychiatry and in the study of religion, philosophy, archeology, anthropology, literature, and related fields. He was a prolific writer, many of whose works were not published until after his death.\nThe central concept of analytical psychology is individuation—the psychological process of integrating the opposites, including the conscious with the unconscious, while still maintaining their relative autonomy. Jung considered individuation to be the central process of human development.\nJung created some of the best known psychological concepts, including the archetype, the collective unconscious, the complex, and synchronicity. The Myers-Briggs Type Indicator, a popular psychometric instrument, has been developed from Jung's theory of psychological types.\nJung saw the human psyche as \"by nature religious\" and made this religiousness the focus of his explorations. Jung is one of the best known contemporary contributors to dream analysis and symbolization.
/m/01cwq9	Port Vale Football Club is an English football club that plays in Football League One, the third tier in the English football league system. They are based in Burslem, Staffordshire, one of six towns that make up the city of Stoke-on-Trent. The club's traditional rivals in the city are Stoke City, and games between the two clubs are known as the \"Potteries derby\". However, the last derby match took place on 10 February 2002 and with Stoke City in the Premier League, rivalry has increased between Port Vale and other local clubs, namely Burton Albion, Macclesfield Town, Shrewsbury Town, Walsall, Wrexham, and in particular Crewe Alexandra.\nPort Vale is one of the few English league clubs not to be named after a geographical location. The name Port Vale exists on maps pre–dating the formation of the club, which probably occurred in 1879, and is a reference to a valley of ports on the Trent and Mersey Canal, associated with the city's pottery industry. They have played more seasons in the second tier of English football than any other club who have never reached the top tier. They were founder members of the original Second Division in 1892, and founder members of the Fourth Division in 1958. After playing at the Athletic Ground in Cobridge and The Old Recreation Ground in Hanley, the club returned to Burslem when Vale Park was opened in 1950. Outside the ground there is a statue to Roy Sproson, a man who played 842 competitive games for the club.
/m/0mhhc	Bas-Rhin is a department in the Alsace region of France. The name means \"Lower Rhine\". It is the more populous and densely populated of the two departments of the Alsace region, with 1,095,905 inhabitants in 2010. The prefecture and the General Council are based in Strasbourg. The INSEE and Post Code is 67.\nThe inhabitants of the department are known as Bas-Rhinois or Bas-Rhinoises
/m/06w33f8	Marilyn Vance is an award-winning American costume designer and filmmaker.
/m/0gpjbt	The 49th Annual Grammy Awards was a ceremony honoring the best in music for the recording year beginning September 15, 2005 and ending September 14, 2006 in the United States. The awards were handed out on Sunday February 11, 2007 at the Staples Center in Los Angeles. The Dixie Chicks were the night's biggest winners winning a total of five awards. Mary J. Blige received the most nominations, with eight. Don Henley was honored as MusiCares Person of the Year two nights prior to the show on February 9, 2007. The show won an Emmy for \"Outstanding Lighting Direction for VMC Programming\".
/m/0nh57	Ramsey County is a county located in the U.S. state of Minnesota, founded in 1849. As of the 2010 census, the population was 508,640. Its county seat is St. Paul, which is also Minnesota's state capital. The county is named for Alexander Ramsey, the first governor of the Minnesota Territory. It is one of the 11 counties in the Minneapolis – Saint Paul Metropolitan Area, and is the smallest and most densely populated county in Minnesota, as well as one of the most densely populated counties in the United States.
/m/088cp	York is a walled city, situated at the confluence of the Rivers Ouse and Foss in North Yorkshire, England. The city has a rich heritage and has provided the backdrop to major political events throughout much of its two millennia of existence. The city offers a wealth of historic attractions, of which York Minster is the most prominent, and a variety of cultural and sporting activities.\nThe city was founded by the Romans under the name of Eboracum in 71 AD. It became the capital of the Roman province of Britannia Inferior, and later of the kingdoms of Northumbria and Jorvik. In the Middle Ages, York grew as a major wool trading centre and became the capital of the northern ecclesiastical province of the Church of England, a role it has retained.\nIn the 19th century, York became a hub of the railway network and a confectionery manufacturing centre. In recent decades, the economy of York has moved from being dominated by its confectionery and railway-related industries to one that provides services. The University of York and health services have become major employers, whilst tourism has become an important element of the local economy.\nFrom 1996, the term City of York describes a unitary authority area which includes rural areas beyond the old city boundaries. In 2011 the urban area had a population of 153,717, while in 2010 the entire unitary authority had an estimated population of 202,400.
/m/07s363	S.M. Entertainment is an independent Korean record label, talent agency, producer, and publisher of pop music, founded by Lee Soo-man in South Korea. Its current CEO is Kim Young-min. The label is one of the \"big three\" record companies of Korea because of strong market share and international operations. SM is credited for starting and leading the Hallyu Wave throughout Asia and internationally.\nOnce the home to the original Korean Idol groups like H.O.T., S.E.S., and Shinhwa, its current roster of recording artists include Kangta, BoA, TVXQ, TRAX, The Grace, Super Junior, Zhang Liyin, Girls' Generation, J-Min, Shinee, f(x), EXO and Henry, all of whom enjoy great success both domestically and internationally. It is also home to actors like Go Ara, Kim Min-jong, Kim Ha-neul, Lee Yeon-hee and Kim Ian among many other. SM Entertainment also co-publishes Avex Trax releases for Japanese artists such as Ayumi Hamasaki, Namie Amuro, and Koda Kumi, as well as Johnny's Entertainment acts like Arashi and KAT-TUN.\nIn 2012, the company's market capitalization rose to ₩1.38 trillion, reaching the status of a mega-corporation.
/m/01s3kv	Francine Joy \"Fran\" Drescher is an American film and television actress, comedian, producer, and activist. She is best known for her role as Fran Fine in the hit TV series The Nanny, and for her nasal voice and thick New York accent.\nDrescher made her screen debut with a small role in the 1977 blockbuster film Saturday Night Fever, and later appeared in American Hot Wax and Wes Craven's horror tale Summer of Fear. In the 1980s, she gained recognition as a comedic actress in the films The Hollywood Knights, Doctor Detroit, This Is Spinal Tap, and UHF while establishing a television career with guest appearances on several series. In 1993, she achieved wider fame as Fran Fine in her own sitcom vehicle The Nanny, for which she was nominated for two Emmy Awards and two Golden Globe Awards for Best Actress in a Comedy Television Series during the show's run. She received further recognition for her performances in Jack and The Beautician and the Beast and reinforced her reputation as a leading sitcom star with Living With Fran and Happily Divorced.\nA uterine cancer survivor, Drescher is an outspoken healthcare advocate and LGBT rights activist, and is noted for her work as a Public Diplomacy Envoy for Women's Health Issues for the U.S. State Department. Divorced from writer and producer Peter Marc Jacobson, she currently lives in Malibu, California.
/m/0drnwh	Memoirs of a Geisha is a 2005 film adaptation of the novel of the same name, produced by Steven Spielberg's Amblin Entertainment and Spyglass Entertainment and by Douglas Wick's Red Wagon Productions. The picture was directed by Rob Marshall and was released in the United States on December 9, 2005 by Columbia Pictures and DreamWorks Pictures. It stars Zhang Ziyi, Ken Watanabe, Gong Li, Michelle Yeoh, Youki Kudoh, and Suzuka Ohgo. Ohgo plays the younger Sayuri in the movie, which was filmed in southern and northern California and in several locations in Kyoto, including the Kiyomizu temple and the Fushimi Inari shrine, the last film by Spyglass Entertainment teamed up with Buena Vista International for the Worldwide, before StudioCanal UK took over.\nMemoirs of a Geisha tells the story of a young girl, Chiyo Sakamoto, who is sold to an okiya, a geisha house by her family. Her new family then sends her off to school to become a geisha. This movie is mainly about older Chiyo and her struggle as a geisha to find love, in the process making a lot of enemies. The film was nominated and won numerous awards, including nominations for six Academy Awards, and eventually won three: Best Cinematography, Best Art Direction and Best Costume Design.
/m/01l9p	Charlize Theron is a South African and American actress. She rose to fame in the late 1990s following roles in the films The Devil's Advocate, Mighty Joe Young, and The Cider House Rules. Theron received critical acclaim for her portrayal of serial killer Aileen Wuornos in Monster, for which she won the Silver Bear, Golden Globe Award, Screen Actors Guild Award, and Academy Award for Best Actress among several other accolades, becoming the first South African to win an Academy Award in a major acting category. In recent years, she has moved into the field of producing, both in television and film.\nShe received further Academy Award and Golden Globe Award nominations for her performance in North Country in 2005, and a Golden Globe Award nomination for her performance in Young Adult in 2011. In 2012, she appeared in Snow White & the Huntsman and Prometheus, both of which were box office successes. Theron became a U.S. citizen in 2007, while retaining her South African citizenship.
/m/01pxg	A chemist is a scientist trained in the study of chemistry. Chemists study the composition of matter and its properties. Chemists carefully describe the properties they study in terms of quantities, with detail on the level of molecules and their component atoms. Chemists carefully measure substance proportions, reaction rates, and other chemical properties.\nChemists use this knowledge to learn the composition, and properties of unfamiliar substances, as well as to reproduce and synthesize large quantities of useful naturally occurring substances and create new artificial substances and useful processes. Chemists may specialize in any number of subdisciplines of chemistry. Materials scientists and metallurgists share much of the same education and skills with chemists. The work of chemists is often related to the work of chemical engineers, which are primarily concerned with the proper design, construction and evaluation of the most cost-effective large-scale chemical plants and work closely with industrial chemists on the development of new processes and methods for the commercial-scale manufacture of chemicals and related products.
/m/01c9d1	The Grammy Award for Best Reggae Album is an award presented at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards, to recording artists for quality works in the reggae music genre. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position\".\nOriginally called the Grammy Award for Best Reggae Recording, the honor was presented to artists for eligible songs or albums. The Jamaican group Black Uhuru received the first award in 1985. Beginning with the 1992 ceremony, the name of the award was changed to Best Reggae Album. Starting in 2002, awards were often presented to the engineers, mixers, and/or producers in addition to the performing artists. According to the category description guide for the 52nd Grammy Awards, eligible works are vocal or instrumental reggae albums \"containing at least 51% playing time of newly recorded music\", including roots reggae, dancehall and ska music.\nStephen Marley holds the record for the most wins in this category, with six wins total. Similarly, Ziggy Marley has been presented the award four times total, three times as the leader of his eponymous band. Bunny Wailer has received the award three times, and two-time recipients include Burning Spear, Damian Marley, and Shabba Ranks. Jamaican artists have been presented with the award more than any other nationality. Buju Banton's nomination for the 2010 award sparked controversy and protest from the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation due to homophobic lyrics within his music.
/m/0262zm	The Hugo Award for Best Short Story is one of the Hugo Awards given each year for science fiction or fantasy stories published in English or translated into English during the previous calendar year. The short story award is available for works of fiction of fewer than 7,500 words; awards are also given out for pieces of longer lengths in the novelette, novella, and novel categories.\nThe Hugo Award for Best Short Story has been awarded annually since 1955, except in 1957. The award was titled \"Best Short Fiction\" rather than \"Best Short Story\" in 1960–1966. During this time no Novelette category was awarded and the Novella category had not yet been established; the award was defined only as a work \"of less than novel length\" that was not published as a stand-alone book. In addition to the regular Hugo awards, beginning in 1996 Retrospective Hugo Awards, or \"Retro Hugos\", have been available to be awarded for 50, 75, or 100 years prior. Retro Hugos may only be awarded for years in which a World Science Fiction Convention, or Worldcon, was hosted, but no awards were originally given. To date, Retro Hugo awards have been given for short stories for 1946, 1951, and 1954.\nHugo Award nominees and winners are chosen by supporting or attending members of the annual Worldcon, and the presentation evening constitutes its central event. The selection process is defined in the World Science Fiction Society Constitution as instant-runoff voting with five nominees, except in the case of a tie. These five short stories on the ballot are the five most-nominated by members that year, with no limit on the number of stories that can be nominated. The 1955 through 1958 awards did not include any recognition of runner-up stories, but since 1959 all five candidates have been recorded. Initial nominations are made by members in January through March, while voting on the ballot of five nominations is performed roughly in April through July, subject to change depending on when that year's Worldcon is held. Worldcons are generally held near Labor Day, and are held in a different city around the world each year.
/m/04nfpk	Defensive end is the name of a defensive position in the sport of American and Canadian football.\nThis position has designated the players at each end of the defensive line, but changes in formations have substantially changed how the position is played over the years. As of 2012, a defensive end has been the number one recruited player for three straight years.
/m/02xb2bt	Brendan Coyle is a British actor. He is well-known to television audiences for playing Nicholas Higgins in the mini-series North & South, Robert Timmins in the first three series of Lark Rise to Candleford, and John Bates, the valet, in Downton Abbey. The last role earned him a nomination for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series and a BAFTA nomination for Best Supporting Actor.
/m/04cnp4	Claremont Graduate University is a private, all-graduate research university located in Claremont, California, a city 35 miles east of downtown Los Angeles. Founded in 1925, CGU is a member of the Claremont Colleges which includes five undergraduate and two graduate institutions of higher education.\nCGU is the oldest all-graduate institution in the United States, with many notable alumni in different fields all over the world. The university is organized into five separate schools: the School of Arts & Humanities; School of Community & Global Health; Drucker School of Management; School of Educational Studies; and the School of Social Science, Policy, & Evaluation. Deborah Freund took office as University President in fall 2010.
/m/05qgd9	The University of Virginia School of Law was founded in Charlottesville in 1819 by Thomas Jefferson as one of the original subjects taught at his \"academical village,\" the University of Virginia. Virginia Law is the fourth-oldest active law school in the United States. The law school offers the J.D., LL.M., and S.J.D. degrees in law and hosts visiting scholars, visiting researchers and a number of legal research centers.\nVirginia Law is perennially regarded as one of the top 10 most prestigious and selective law schools in the United States and the world. The school is a member of the T14 law schools, a distinguished group of 14 schools that have national and international recognition, such as Yale, Harvard, and Stanford Law. U.S. News & World Report currently ranks Virginia Law 7th in the nation, and ranks Virginia Law as 6th among major law firm recruiters. In the 2010 Super Lawyers Law School Rankings, Virginia Law ranks 4th in the nation.\nVirginia Law is third nationally in the number of alumni who are chairpersons and managing partners at law firms nationwide, and a survey by the National Law Journal found that the law school ranked fifth in the number of graduates hired by NLJ's top 250 firms in 2009. Additionally, Virginia Law is second only to Harvard in the number of alumni serving as general counsel at Fortune 500 companies. Alumni from Virginia Law are also at 99 of the American Lawyer top 100 law firms. Virginia ranked second in the number of associates promoted to partner among the National Law Journal's top 250 firms in 2011, and in a 2010 study by Stanford Graduate School of Business professors, Virginia ranked fifth in the number of lawyers at the top 300 U.S. law firms.
/m/018gm9	Cheap Trick is an American rock band from Rockford, Illinois, formed in 1973. The band consists of Robin Zander, Rick Nielsen, Tom Petersson, and Bun E. Carlos. Their biggest hits include \"Surrender\", \"I Want You to Want Me\", \"Dream Police\" and \"The Flame\".\nThey have often been referred to in the Japanese press as the \"American Beatles\". In October 2007, the Illinois Senate passed a resolution designating April 1 as Cheap Trick Day in the state. The band was also ranked No. 25 in VH1's list of the 100 Greatest Artists of Hard Rock.
/m/0gyy53	The Other Boleyn Girl is a 2008 drama film directed by Justin Chadwick. The screenplay by Peter Morgan was adapted from the 2001 novel of the same name by Philippa Gregory. It is a romanticized account of the lives of 16th-century aristocrats Mary Boleyn, one-time mistress of King Henry VIII, and her sister, Anne, who became the monarch's ill-fated second wife, though much history is distorted.\nProduction studio BBC Films also owns the rights to adapt the sequel novel, The Boleyn Inheritance, which tells the story of Anne of Cleves, Catherine Howard and Jane Parker.
/m/0219x_	An independent film is a professional film production resulting in a feature film that is produced mostly or completely outside of the major film studio system. In addition to being produced and distributed by independent entertainment companies, independent films are also produced and/or distributed by subsidiaries of major film studios. Independent films are sometimes distinguishable by their content and style and the way in which the filmmakers' personal artistic vision is realized. Usually, but not always, independent films are made with considerably lower film budgets than major studio films. Generally, the marketing of independent films is characterized by limited release, but can also have major marketing campaigns and a wide release. Independent films are often screened at local, national, or international film festivals before distribution. An independent film production can rival a mainstream film production if it has the necessary funding and distribution.
/m/0c4f4	Helen Elizabeth Hunt is an American actress, film director, and screenwriter. She starred in the sitcom, Mad About You, for seven years before being cast in the 1997 romantic comedy film, As Good as It Gets for which she won the Academy Award for Best Actress. Some of her other notable films include Twister, Cast Away, What Women Want, Pay It Forward, Soul Surfer and The Sessions. She made her directorial debut in 2007 with Then She Found Me. She has won four Emmy awards, four Golden Globe awards, two Screen Actors Guild awards, and an Oscar.
/m/017mbb	Def Leppard are an English rock band formed in 1977 in Sheffield as part of the New Wave of British Heavy Metal movement. Since 1992, the band has consisted of Rick Savage, Joe Elliott, Rick Allen, Phil Collen, and Vivian Campbell. This is the band's longest-standing line-up.\nThe band's strongest commercial success came between the early 1980s and the early 1990s. Their 1981 album High 'n' Dry was produced by Robert John \"Mutt\" Lange, who helped them begin to define their style, and the album's stand out track \"Bringin' On the Heartbreak\" became one of the first rock videos played on MTV in 1982. The band's next studio album Pyromania in 1983, with \"Photograph\" as the lead single, turned Def Leppard into a household name. In 2003, the album ranked number 384 on Rolling Stone's 500 Greatest Albums of All Time.\nDef Leppard's fourth album Hysteria, released in 1987, topped the U.S. and UK album charts. As of 2009 it has 12x platinum sales in the U.S. and has gone on to sell over 20 million copies worldwide. The album spawned seven singles, including the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 number one \"Love Bites\", alongside \"Pour Some Sugar on Me\", \"Hysteria\", \"Armageddon It\", \"Animal\", \"Rocket\", and \"Women\".
/m/02pbzv	The University of Bucharest, in Romania, is a university founded in 1864 by decree of Prince Alexandru Ioan Cuza to convert the former Saint Sava Academy into the current University of Bucharest.\nIn the 2012 QS World University Rankings it was included in Top 700 universities of the world. Another three Romanian universities have entered the prestigious top.
/m/01lw3kh	Rupert Holmes is a British-born American composer, singer-songwriter, musician and author of plays, novels and stories. He is best known for his number one pop hit \"Escape\" and the song \"Him\", which reached the number 6 position on the Hot 100 U.S. pop chart in 1980. He is also known for his 1985 Tony Award-winning musical Drood and his 2007 Drama Desk Award-winning book for the Broadway musical Curtains, and for his television series Remember WENN.
/m/01m1_t	New Britain is a city in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States. It is located approximately 9 miles southwest of Hartford. According to 2010 Census, the population of the city is 73,206.\nThe city's official nickname is the \"Hardware City\" because of its history as a manufacturing center and as the headquarters of Stanley Black & Decker. Because of its large Polish population, the city is often playfully referred to as \"New Britski.\"
/m/01rrgk	Structural engineers analyze, design, plan, and research structural components and structural systems to achieve design goals and ensure the safety and comfort of users or occupants. Their work takes account mainly of safety, technical, economic and environmental concerns, but they may also consider aesthetic and social factors.\nStructural engineering is usually considered a specialty discipline within civil engineering, but it can also be studied in its own right. In the US, most practicing structural engineers are currently licensed as civil engineers, but the situation varies from state to state. In the UK, most structural engineers in the building industry are members of the Institution of Structural Engineers rather than the Institution of Civil Engineers.\nTypical structures designed by a structural engineer include buildings, towers, stadia and bridges. Other structures such as oil rigs, space satellites, aircraft and ships may also be designed by a structural engineer. Most structural engineers are employed in the construction industry, however there are also structural engineers in the aerospace, automobile and shipbuilding industries. In the construction industry, they work closely with architects, civil engineers, mechanical engineers, electrical engineers, quantity surveyors, and construction managers.
/m/0r15k	West Hollywood is a city in Los Angeles County, California, United States. The city was incorporated on November 29, 1984. It is notably famous for its unique vibrant commercial corridors, dining, and eccentric nightlife focused on the Sunset Strip. As of the 2011 census, its population is 34,650, with a large proportion of gay men. Most of West Hollywood is in the Postal Zip Code 90069.
/m/07c2wt	PFC Lokomotiv Plovdiv is a Bulgarian football club from the city of Plovdiv, which competes in Bulgaria's top football league, the A PFG. Lokomotiv Plovdiv's home ground is the Lokomotiv Stadium in the city, which has a capacity of 12 000 spectators due to a collapse of one of the sectors and reconstruction works currently in progress.\nIn the 2003–04 season of the A PFG, Lokomotiv became champions of Bulgaria, finishing the season with three points more than the second, Levski Sofia. This title is the first one in the club's long history. So far, Lokomotiv Plovdiv has also won one Bulgarian Supercup in 2004 and one Cup of the Soviet Army in 1983. The club's biggest success in Europe is reaching the third round of the Inter-Cities Fairs Cup in 1965, after losing to the Italian Juventus F.C. in a controversial play-off match.
/m/05r5c	The piano is a musical instrument played using a keyboard. It is widely used in classical and jazz music for solo performances, ensemble use, chamber music and accompaniment and for composing and rehearsal. Although the piano is not portable and often expensive, its versatility and ubiquity have made it one of the world's most familiar musical instruments.\nA piano usually has a protective wooden case surrounding the soundboard and metal strings, and a row of black and white keys. The strings are sounded when the keys are pressed down, and are silenced when the keys are released. The note can be sustained, even when the keys are released, by the use of pedals at the bottom of the piano.\nPressing a key on the piano's keyboard causes a padded hammer to strike steel strings. The hammers rebound, and the strings continue to vibrate at their resonant frequency. These vibrations are transmitted through a bridge to a soundboard that more efficiently couples the acoustic energy to the air. The sound would otherwise be no louder than that directly produced by the strings. When the key is released, a damper stops the string's vibration and the sound. See the article on piano key frequencies for a picture of the piano keyboard and the location of middle C. In the Hornbostel-Sachs system of instrument classification, pianos are considered chordophones.
/m/02g2wv	The Saturn Award is an award presented annually by the Academy of Science Fiction, Fantasy & Horror Films to honor the top works in science fiction, fantasy, and horror in film, television, and home video. The Saturn Awards were devised by Dr. Donald A. Reed, who felt that films within those genres were never given the appreciation they deserved. The physical award is a representation of the planet Saturn, surrounded with a ring of film. The award was initially and is still sometimes loosely referred to as a Golden Scroll.\nThree actors have won the award more than once: Mark Hamill, Robert Downey, Jr., and Jeff Bridges.\nThe following is a list of Saturn Award winners for Best Actor:
/m/06ppc4	Altrincham Football Club is an English football club based in Altrincham, Greater Manchester. The club participates in the Conference North, the sixth tier of English football. The team was relegated from the Conference National at the end of the 2010–11 season.
/m/04lgymt	Phil Tan is an Atlanta, GA-based music/audio engineer.\nHe is a 3-time Grammy Award recipient, as mixing engineer for Mariah Carey's \"The Emancipation of Mimi\", Ludacris' \"Release Therapy\" and Rihanna's \"Only Girl\".\nAmong the artists on Tan's list of credits: Leona Lewis, Ne-Yo, Wiz Khalifa, Kimbra, Conor Maynard, Justin Bieber, Whitney Houston, Rita Ora, Jill Scott, Jennifer Hudson, Janelle Monáe, Usher, Snoop Dogg, Corinne Bailey Rae, K'naan, Enrique Iglesias, Paulina Rubio, Jennifer Lopez, Jordin Sparks, Gwen Stefani, Anthony Hamilton, Ciara, Taio Cruz, Tinie Tempah, Outkast, Jay-Z, Alexis Jordan, Sean Paul, Karmin, Morgan Page, Lionel Richie, Nelly, Kreesha Turner, Kelly Rowland, The Saturdays, Chris Brown, Sean Kingston, Alicia Keys, Anahí Puente, Jesse McCartney, Joe, TLC, Kelis, Monica, Toni Braxton, Aretha Franklin, Bow Wow, Jagged Edge, and Da Brat.\nSales of albums and singles sold in the US with Tan listed in the credits as a mixer, engineer, remixer or producer total over 250 million.\nHe has mixed and/or recorded 26 singles that have reached Number One on Billboard's Hot 100 chart:
/m/01m1_d	Westport is a coastal town of colonial origin located on Long Island Sound in Fairfield County, Connecticut, 47 miles northeast of New York City in the United States. The town had a population of 26,391 according to the 2010 U.S. Census and in 2008 ranked the tenth wealthiest town in the U.S. with populations between 20,000 and 65,000, and second in the state.\nThe Westport area had been inhabited by Native Americans for at least 7,500 years before the first permanent European settlers. Five farmers and their families, subsequently known as the Bankside Farmers, arrived at Machamux in 1693 having followed cattle to the isolated area known to the Pequot as the \"beautiful land\". As the settlement expanded its name changed: briefly known as \"Bankside\" in 1693, officially named Green's Farm in 1732 in honor of Bankside Farmer John Green and in 1835 incorporated as the Town of Westport.\nAgriculture was Westport’s first major industry. By the 19th century, Westport had become a shipping center in part to transport onions to market. In the 20th century a combination of industrialization, and popularity among New Yorkers attracted to fashionable Westport—which had attracted many artists and writers—resulted in farmers selling off their land. Westport changed from a community of farmers to a suburban development. Westport's population grew rapidly from the 1950s to 1970s. This expansion was driven by the town's proximity to New York City, its school system's reputation, “chic New York-type fashion shopping” and the \"natural beauty of the town\". By the 21st century Westport had developed into a center for finance and insurance, and professional, scientific and technical services.
/m/041sbd	The Architectural Association School of Architecture in London, commonly referred to as the AA, is the oldest independent school of architecture in the UK and one of the most prestigious and competitive in the world. Its wide-ranging programme of exhibitions, lectures, symposia and publications have given it a central position in global discussions and developments within contemporary architectural culture.
/m/015gm8	Hud is a 1963 western film directed by Martin Ritt and starring Paul Newman, Melvyn Douglas and Patricia Neal. The film was produced by Ritt and Newman's recently founded company Salem Productions and was their first film for Paramount Pictures. It was filmed on location on the Texas Panhandle and in Claude, Texas. The screenplay was written by Irving Ravetch and Harriet Frank, Jr., based on Larry McMurtry's 1961 novel Horseman, Pass By. The film's title character Hud Bannon was a minor character in the original screenplay but was reworked to become the leading role. With the main role conceived as an anti-hero, the film was later as well described as an anti-western.\nThe film's narrative centers on the ongoing conflict between principled patriarch Homer Bannon and his unscrupulous and arrogant son Hud, which occurs during an outbreak of foot-and-mouth disease, which puts the family's cattle ranch at risk. Lonnie, Homer's grandson and Hud's nephew, is caught in the middle of the conflict and is forced to choose which character to follow as his role model.\nHud premiered at the Venice International Film Festival and became a critical and commercial success upon its wide release. It was nominated for seven Academy Awards and won four; Patricia Neal won Best Actress, Melvyn Douglas won Best Supporting Actor and James Wong Howe the Academy Award for Best Black and White Cinematography.
/m/09lhln	Kevin Eddie Lewis Betsy is a footballer who plays as a midfielder for Conference National side Woking.\nBetsy started his career with Woking but went on to make a name for himself with Fulham where he became part of the squad that earned promotions in 1999 and 2002 that made the club a Premier League team. He made one appearance in the top tier of English football and spent time on loan with Bournemouth, Hull City and Barnsley before joining the latter on a permanent deal in 2002. Betsy made 94 league appearances, wrapping up 15 goals in a two year period with The Tykes before moving to Hartlepool United. His time with Pool was short and he moved on to Oldham Athletic and then Wycombe Wanderers. In 2007 he signed for Bristol City and whilst there spent loan spells with Yeovil Town and Walsall. A year after signing for City he moved on again to Southend United before returning to Wycombe following a loan spell. In 2012 he re-signed for Woking.\nDespite being born in England, Betsy qualified to represent the Seychelles through his grandparents and earned his first cap in 2011.
/m/04999m	Unione Sportiva Lecce or simply U.S. Lecce is an Italian football club based in Lecce, Apulia. Currently it plays in the Italian Lega Pro Prima Divisione after the relegation from Serie A in the 2011-12 season to Serie B and the sentence of the Federal Court of Justice that excluded the team from the Serie B and relegated to the lower division, due of its involvement in Scommessopoli scandal.\nThe club was formed in 1908 and has spent a large part of their recent history bouncing between Italy's second division and Serie A, where the team gained its first promotion in 1985.
/m/01c9dd	The Grammy Award for Best Rap Album is an award presented to recording artists for quality albums with rapping at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position\".\nIn 1995, the Academy announced the addition of the award category Best Rap Album. The first award was presented to the group Naughty by Nature at the 38th Grammy Awards the following year. According to the category description guide for the 52nd Grammy Awards, the award is presented for \"albums containing at least 51% playing time of tracks with newly recorded rapped performances\". Award recipients often include the producers, engineers, and/or mixers associated with the nominated work in addition to the recording artists.\nAs of 2013, Eminem holds the record for the most wins in this category, with five. Lauryn Hill is currently the only female to win in this category, when she won in 1997 with the Fugees. Kanye West was presented the award four times, and the duo known as Outkast received the award twice. Jay-Z holds the record for the most nominations, with nine, which resulted in one win. Canadian artist Drake became the first non-American winner in this category, winning in 2013. The Roots have received the most nominations without a win, with five.
/m/0bt3j9	Hairspray is a 2007 American musical film based on the 2002 Broadway musical of the same name, which in turn was based on John Waters's 1988 comedy film of the same name. Set in 1962 Baltimore, Maryland, the film follows the \"pleasantly plump\" teenager Tracy Turnblad as she pursues stardom as a dancer on a local TV show and rallies against racial segregation.\nAdapted from both Waters' 1988 script and Thomas Meehan and Mark O'Donnell's book for the stage musical by screenwriter Leslie Dixon, the 2007 film version of Hairspray is directed and choreographed by Adam Shankman. Hairspray features songs from the Broadway musical written by Marc Shaiman and Scott Wittman, as well as four new Shaiman/Wittman compositions not present in the original Broadway version.\nOpening to positive reviews, Hairspray met with financial success, breaking the record for biggest sales at opening weekend for a movie musical, which the film held until July 2008 when it was surpassed by Mamma Mia! and later High School Musical 3: Senior Year in October. Hairspray went on to become the sixth highest grossing musical film in US cinema history, behind the film adaptations of Grease, Chicago, and Mamma Mia!, and stands as one of the most critically and commercially successful musical films of the last decade. Available in a variety of formats, Hairspray's Region 1 home video release took place on November 20, 2007. USA Network purchased the broadcast rights to Hairspray and was scheduled to debut the film on cable television in February 2010, but in the end it did not broadcast that month, instead the film was pushed back and premiered on USA on July 24, 2010, with sister channel Bravo also showing it multiple times, and in February 2011 aired on ABC for over-the-air broadcasts.
/m/013mj_	Odessa is a city in and the county seat of Ector County, Texas, United States. It is located primarily in Ector County, although a small portion of the city extends into Midland County. Odessa's population was 99,940 at the 2010 census making it the 31st-most populous city in Texas. It is the principal city of the Odessa, Texas Metropolitan Statistical Area, which includes all of Ector County. The metropolitan area is also a component of the larger Midland–Odessa combined statistical area, which had a population of 266,941 as of July 1, 2009, estimate.
/m/01vc3y	Paisley is the largest town in the historic county of Renfrewshire in the west central Lowlands of Scotland and serves as the administrative centre for the Renfrewshire council area. The town is situated on the northern edge of the Gleniffer Braes, straddling the banks of the White Cart Water, a tributary of the River Clyde.\nThe town, a former burgh, forms part of a contiguous urban area with Glasgow, Glasgow City Centre being 6.9 miles to the east. The town came to prominence with the establishment of Paisley Abbey in the 12th century, an important religious hub in medieval Scotland which formerly had control over the other churches in the local area.\nBy the 19th century, Paisley had established itself as a centre of the weaving industry, giving its name to the Paisley Shawl and the Paisley Pattern. The town's associations with political Radicalism were highlighted by its involvement in the Radical War of 1820, with striking weavers being instrumental in the protests. As of 1993, all of Paisley's mills had closed, although they are memorialised in the town's museums and civic history.
/m/0515_6	Koninklijke Racing Club Genk is a Belgian professional football club based in the city of Genk in Belgian Limburg. Racing Genk plays in the Belgian Pro League and they have won 3 Belgian champion titles in 1998–99, in 2001–02 and in 2010–11 as well as 4 Belgian Cups, most recently in 2008–09 and in 2012–13. They qualified for the UEFA Champions League group stage, after beating Maccabi Haifa. They did so in the 2002–03 season, and finished 4th of their group with 4 points.\nThe club formed in 1988 by the merger of Waterschei Thor with KFC Winterslag, from which it took over the matricule number. It has been one of the most successful clubs in Belgium since the late 1990s and so they regularly qualify for European competitions. The club has been playing in the first division since the 1996–97 season. They play their home matches in the Cristal Arena. Their main outfit is blue and white.\nIn 2012 they made a profit of €28 million after participating in the Champions League group stage, and from the sale of players such as Thibaut Courtois and Kevin De Bruyne to Premier League club Chelsea, not including a further gain of €10 million from the transfer of Christian Benteke to Aston Villa.
/m/04cw0n4	Salvatore \"Sol\" Polito, A.S.C. (November 12, 1892 — May 23, 1960) was an Academy Award nominated cinematographer. Born in Palermo, Sicily, Polito immigrated to the United States at an early age. Polito married his wife, Frances. Their son, Gene Polito, also became a cinematographer. Polito moved from Brooklyn, New York to Los Angeles in 1919 to continue his cinematography career at Warner Brothers Studios. He worked on over 160 films including Sergeant York, The Adventures of Robin Hood and Sorry, Wrong Number. He was nominated for an Oscar for his work on Sergeant York. Polito died in Los Angeles in 1960, aged 67, from undisclosed causes.
/m/08z39v	David Watkin BSC was a British cinematographer, an innovator who was among the first directors of photography to experiment heavily with the usage of bounce light as a soft light source. He worked with such film directors as Richard Lester, Peter Brook, Tony Richardson, Mike Nichols, Ken Russell, Franco Zeffirelli, Sidney Lumet and Sydney Pollack.\nIn 1985, Watkin won the Academy Award for Best Cinematography for his work on Out of Africa. He received lifetime achievement awards in 2004 from the British Society of Cinematographers and the cinematographic-centric Camerimage Film Festival in Łódź, Poland.\nIn Chariots of Fire, he \"helped create one of the most memorable images of 1980s cinema: the opening sequence in which a huddle of young male athletes pounds along the water's edge on a beach\" to the film's theme music by Vangelis.
/m/014bmh	A car bomb, or truck bomb, also known as a Vehicle Borne Improvised Explosive Device, is an improvised explosive device placed inside a car or other vehicle and then detonated. It is commonly used as a weapon of assassination, terrorism or guerrilla warfare, to kill the occupants of the vehicle, people near the blast site, or to damage buildings or other property. Car bombs act as their own delivery mechanisms and can carry a relatively large amount of explosives without attracting suspicion; in larger vehicles and trucks, weights of at least 7,000 pounds have been used. Car bombs are activated in a variety of ways; including opening the vehicle's doors, starting the engine, depressing the accelerator or brake pedals or simply lighting a fuse or setting a timing device. The gasoline in the vehicle's fuel tank may make the explosion of the bomb more powerful by dispersing and igniting the fuel.
/m/0h1yf	Arginine is an α-amino acid. It was first isolated in 1886. The L-form is one of the 20 most common natural amino acids. At the level of molecular genetics, in the structure of the messenger ribonucleic acid mRNA, CGU, CGC, CGA, CGG, AGA, and AGG, are the triplets of nucleotide bases or codons that code for arginine during protein synthesis. In mammals, arginine is classified as a semiessential or conditionally essential amino acid, depending on the developmental stage and health status of the individual. Preterm infants are unable to synthesize or create arginine internally, making the amino acid nutritionally essential for them. There are some conditions that put an increased demand on the body for the synthesis of L-arginine, including surgical or other trauma, sepsis and burns. Arginine was first isolated from a lupin seedling extract in 1886 by the Swiss chemist Ernst Schultze.\nIn general, most people do not need to take arginine supplements because the body usually produces significant amounts in healthy individuals.
/m/025l5	Chester Burton \"Chet\" Atkins was an American guitarist, occasional vocalist and record producer who, along with Owen Bradley, created the smoother country music style known as the Nashville sound, which expanded country's appeal to adult pop music fans as well.\nAtkins' signature picking style was inspired by Merle Travis. Other major guitar influences were Django Reinhardt, George Barnes, Les Paul and later Jerry Reed. His trademark picking style and musicianship brought him admirers within and outside the country scene, both in the United States and internationally. Atkins produced records for The Browns, Porter Wagoner, Norma Jean, Dolly Parton, Dottie West, Perry Como, Elvis Presley, The Everly Brothers, Eddy Arnold, Don Gibson, Jim Reeves, Jerry Reed, Skeeter Davis, Waylon Jennings and many others.\nAmong many honors, Atkins received 14 Grammy Awards as well as the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award, nine Country Music Association Instrumentalist of the Year awards, and was inducted into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame, Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum and the Musicians Hall of Fame and Museum.
/m/02pdhz	Davidson College is a private liberal arts college in Davidson, North Carolina. The college has graduated 23 Rhodes Scholars. In the past decade, Davidson has consistently been ranked in the top ten best liberal arts colleges in the country by U.S. News & World Report magazine. In 2012, Davidson was ranked the 3rd most rigorous school in the United States by Newsweek.\nThe college was named after Brigadier General William Lee Davidson, a Revolutionary War commander. The land for the college came from General Davidson's estate, a large portion of which was donated by his son. The college was established by Presbyterians in 1837 and maintains a loose affiliation with the Presbyterian Church. According to its Statement of Purpose, \"the ties that bind the college to its Presbyterian heritage ... have remained close and strong\" and \"the loyalty of the college ... extends beyond the Christian community to the whole of humanity and necessarily includes openness to and respect for the world's various religious traditions.\" Majors are offered in more than twenty fields; Davidson also offers several minors and self-designed interdisciplinary options.
/m/099t8j	The following is a list of nominees and winners of the Broadcast Film Critics Association Award for Best Supporting Actress. This award was first given in 1995. There were no nominees until 2001. There have been two ties in this category. There are currently six nominees annually.\n§ - indicates the performance was not nominated for the Academy Award
/m/09v1lrz	The Hong Kong Film Award for Best New Performer is an annual Hong Kong industry award presented to an actor or actress for the best performance by a new artist. The performance is often, but not obligatory, the debut role of the artist.
/m/03q58q	Casablanca Records was an American record label started by Neil Bogart, who partnered with Cecil Holmes, Larry Harris, and Buck Reingold in 1973, and based in Los Angeles. The label was formed after all of them had left Buddah Records and secured financing by Warner Bros. Records to start the venture. Casablanca had become one of the most successful labels of the 1970s, signing and releasing albums by such acts as Kiss, Donna Summer, Village People, Cher, and Parliament featuring George Clinton. The label's film division, Casablanca Filmworks, had hits with the movies The Deep and Midnight Express.\nIn 1977, PolyGram Records acquired a 50 percent stake of Casablanca for $15 million, and then in 1980 it purchased the other 50 percent. Also in 1980, one of the label's biggest acts, Donna Summer, left for another record company as she and Casablanca could not come to terms on her musical direction in the new decade. That same year, PolyGram pushed Bogart out of Casablanca due to what it viewed as the label's overspending and accounting irregularities. In the early '80s, with Bogart no longer heading the label, Casablanca had hits with acts Lipps Inc and Irene Cara, but it did not have the same level of success it had in the '70s. The label was eventually shut down by PolyGram with some of the artist roster and catalogue absorbed into sister label Mercury Records.
/m/0_nh2	Spartanburg is the largest city in and the county seat of Spartanburg County, South Carolina, United States, and the fourth largest city by population in the state. Spartanburg has a municipal population of 37,013 and an urban population of 180,786 at the 2010 census. The Spartanburg Metropolitan Statistical Area, corresponding to Spartanburg County and Union County had a population of 316,997 as of the 2012 census estimate and Revised Delineations of Metropolitan Statistical Areas.\nSpartanburg is the second-largest city in the greater Greenville-Spartanburg-Anderson Combined Statistical Area which had a population of 1,266,995 at the 2010 census. It is part of a 10-county region of northwestern South Carolina known as \"The Upstate,\" and is located 98 miles northwest of Columbia, 80 miles west of Charlotte, North Carolina, and about 190 miles northeast of Atlanta, Georgia.
/m/01cblr	Counting Crows are an American rock band from Berkeley, California, formed in 1991. The band consists of Adam Duritz, David Bryson, Charlie Gillingham, Dan Vickrey, David Immerglück, Jim Bogios and Millard Powers.\nCounting Crows gained popularity following the release of its debut album, August and Everything After, which featured the hit single \"Mr. Jones\". They have sold more than 20 million albums worldwide and received a 2004 Academy Award nomination for their song \"Accidentally in Love\", which was included in the film Shrek 2.\nThe band's influences include Van Morrison, R.E.M., Mike + The Mechanics, Nirvana, Bob Dylan, and The Band.
/m/0436yk	Dragon Ball Z: Dead Zone, originally released theatrically in Japan simply as Dragon Ball Z and Dragon Ball Z: Return my Gohan!! for its Japanese VHS and Laserdisc release, is the fourth film in the Dragon Ball franchise and the first one under the Dragon Ball Z moniker. It was originally released in Japan on July 15, 1989 at the \"Toei Manga Matsuri\" film festival along with the 1989 film version of Himitsu no Akko-chan, the first Akuma-kun movie, and the film version of Kidou Keiji Jiban.\nDead Zone was licensed in North America by Funimation Entertainment and the home video rights were sub-licensed to Pioneer Home Entertainment. Pioneer's dub used the same voice cast as the TV series did at the time, and was dubbed by Ocean Productions. For its television airings, it was retitled Dead Zone Vortex. AB Groupe, a French company that holds the license to the Dragon Ball franchise in most of Europe, licensed and dubbed the movie, which they re-titled In Pursuit of Garlic. This dub featured an entirely unknown voice cast and dialogue that did not fit the mouth flaps. \"In Pursuit of Garlic\" aired on TV in the Netherlands, the United Kingdom, and Ireland, and was sold on DVD in the Netherlands by Bridge Entertainment Group. In North America, Pioneer's dub was released on VHS and DVD on December 9, 1997. Once their sub-license expired, Funimation re-released the film on DVD on November 14, 2006, with a completely new dub done by Funimation's voice cast; as part of a movie box set titled \"First Strike\", also containing The World's Strongest and The Tree of Might. It was later remastered and released in a Double Feature set with The World's Strongest on Blu-ray and DVD on May 27, 2008. The film was released to DVD again on November 1, 2011 in a remastered box set containing the first five Dragon Ball Z movies.
/m/08k05y	SV Ried is an Austrian association football club from Ried im Innkreis. The team plays its home matches at the 7,680 capacity Keine-Sorgen Arena. The club currently plays in the Bundesliga after winning promotion from the Erste Liga in the 2004/05 season. For sponsorship reasons, the full name of the club is currently SV Josko Ried.\nThe club formed on 5 May 1912 as Sportvereinigung Ried, and played in the regional leagues of Upper Austria until 1991, when they ascended to the national leagues for the first time. SV Ried first achieved promotion to the highest level of Austrian football in 1995.\nSV Ried gained their first major honour in 1998 when they won the Austrian Cup, beating SK Sturm Graz 3–1 in the final. In 2003, Ried were relegated, ending an eight-year spell in the top division. Two seasons later, Ried regained Bundesliga status, becoming champions of the Erste Liga on 23 May 2005 following a 3–2 victory over SV Kapfenberg. In the following season Ried achieved their highest league finish so far, fourth, in the Bundesliga. The year after they managed to improve once more finishing second and becoming vice-champion. After the first third of the season, the team seemed to battle against relegation and was stuck on the last place for five gameweeks. The club management however kept trusting in Helmut Kraft's coaching abilities, which would turn out to be the right decision after all. Twelve matches without a loss in the second third of the season and five wins out of the last five matches from gameweek 32–36 guaranteed the club's highest season finish on place 2 and a spot in the 1st round of the UEFA-Cup qualification.
/m/01kp66	Holly Hunter is an American actress. Hunter starred in The Piano for which she won the Academy Award, BAFTA and Golden Globe Award among other awards. She has also been nominated for Oscars for her roles in Broadcast News, The Firm, and Thirteen. Hunter has also won two Emmy Awards with seven nominations.
/m/09qj50	This is a list of winners of the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series. The award was first presented in 1953, but was not awarded again until 1959. It has been presented every year since then.
/m/02rzmzk	Ali is a South Indian actor who has acted in more than 1000 films in Telugu, Tamil and Bollywood film industries. He is a regular actor in Puri Jagannath and Pawan Kalyan movies. He recently received a Doctorate honor. The Academy of Global Peace conferred an honorary doctorate to Ali on 25 May 2013 at Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu.
/m/02dbn2	Jack Thompson, AM is an Australian actor and one of the major figures of Australian cinema. He was educated at University of Queensland, before embarking on his acting career. In 2002, he was made an honorary member of the Australian Cinematographers Society. He is best known as a lead actor in several acclaimed Australian films, including such classics as Sunday Too Far Away, The Man from Snowy River and Breaker Morant. He won Cannes and AFI acting awards for the latter film. He was the recipient of a Living Legend Award at the 2005 Inside Film Awards.
/m/0jvs0	Morgan Stanley is an American multinational financial services corporation headquartered in the Morgan Stanley Building, Midtown Manhattan, New York City. Morgan Stanley operates in 42 countries and has more than 1300 offices and 60,000 employees. The company reports US$347 billion in assets under management or supervision.\nThe corporation, formed by J.P. Morgan & Co. partners Henry S. Morgan, Harold Stanley and others, came into existence on September 16, 1935, in response to the Glass-Steagall Act that required the splitting of commercial and investment banking businesses. In its first year the company operated with a 24% market share in public offerings and private placements. The main areas of business for the firm today are Global Wealth Management, Institutional Securities, and Investment Management.
/m/042l3v	Herbert David Ross: a Brooklyn, New York born American actor, choreographer, director and producer predominantly in the stage and film fields.
/m/043q4d	A contestant is someone who takes part in a competition, usually a professional competition or a game show on television. The participants competing against each other have to go through rounds. The winners may have to compete in later stages or rounds until there is just one winner.
/m/0fnpj	A keyboardist is a musician who plays keyboard instruments. Until the early 1960s musicians who played keyboards were generally classified as either pianists or organists. Since the mid-1960s, a plethora of new musical instruments with keyboards have come into common usage, requiring a more general term for a person who plays them. These keyboards include:\nelectric pianos such as the Fender Rhodes and Wurlitzer electric piano\nelectronic pianos such as the Roland Digital Piano\nHammond and other electric organ such as the Farfisa and Vox Continental\nanalog synthesizers such as Moog, ARP and units produced by a variety of other manufacturers such as Alesis.\nAnalog modeling synthesizers produced by such companies as Alesis, and Novation\ndigital keyboard workstations such as those produced today by Roland, Yamaha, Kurzweil and Korg\nsamplers\nmellotron\nclavinet\ncontinuum\nmelodica\npianet\npiano\nharpsichord\nreed organ\ncelesta\nclavichord\npipe organ\nharmonium\nkeytar
/m/04hs7d	Yu-Gi-Oh!, known in Japan as Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters, is a television anime series produced by Nihon Ad Systems and Studio Gallop, based on the Yu-Gi-Oh! manga series written by Kazuki Takahashi. It is the second anime adaptation of the manga following the 1998 TV anime series produced by Toei Animation, adapting the manga from the Duelist Kingdom arc onwards. Like the manga and original anime, this series revolves around a kid named Yugi Mutou, who faces various opponents in various games, mostly a game known as Duel Monsters. The series originally aired in Japan on TV Tokyo, replacing the timeslot originally occupied by Rerere no Tensai Bakabon, between April 2000 and September 2004, running for 224 episodes . An English-language adaptation by 4Kids Entertainment aired in North America between September 2001 and June 2006 on Kids' WB, also releasing the series in various countries outside of Japan. Based on the success of the series, 4Kids also commissioned an animated film, Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie: Pyramid of Light, and a mini-series, Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monsters. The series has spawned three main spin-off anime series; Yu-Gi-Oh! GX, Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's and Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal.
/m/0jtdp	Documentary films constitute a broad category of nonfictional motion pictures intended to document some aspect of reality, primarily for the purposes of instruction or maintaining a historical record. A 'documentary film' was originally shot on film stock — the only medium available — but now includes video and digital productions that can be either direct-to-video, made as a television program or released for screening in cinemas. \"Documentary\" has been described as a \"filmmaking practice, a cinematic tradition, and mode of audience reception\" that is continually evolving and is without clear boundaries.
/m/05b5c	Nokia Oyj is a Finnish communications and information technology multinational corporation that is headquartered in Espoo, Finland. Its Nokia Solutions and Networks company provides telecommunications network equipment and services, while Internet services, including applications, games, music, media and messaging, and free-of-charge digital map information and navigation services, are delivered through its wholly owned subsidiary Navteq.\nAs of 2012, Nokia employs 101,982 people across 120 countries, conducts sales in more than 150 countries, and reports annual revenues of around €30 billion. By the fourth quarter of 2012, it was the world's second-largest mobile phone maker in terms of unit sales, with a global market share of 18.0%. Now, Nokia only has a 3.2% market share in smartphones. They lost 40% of their revenue in mobile phones in Q2 2013. Nokia is a public limited-liability company listed on the Helsinki Stock Exchange and New York Stock Exchange. It is the world's 274th-largest company measured by 2013 revenues according to the Fortune Global 500.\nNokia was the world's largest vendor of mobile phones from 1998 to 2012. However, the company's market share has declined since 2007 as a result of the growing use of touchscreen smartphones from other vendors—principally the iPhone, by Apple, and devices running on Android, an operating system created by Google. The corporation's share price fell from a high of US$40 in late 2007 to under US$2 in mid-2012. In a bid to recover, Nokia announced a strategic partnership with Microsoft in February 2011, leading to the replacement of Symbian with Microsoft's Windows Phone operating system in all Nokia smartphones. Following the replacement of the Symbian system, Nokia's smartphone sales figures, which had previously increased, collapsed dramatically. From the beginning of 2011 until 2013, Nokia fell from its position as the world's largest smartphone vendor to assume the status of tenth largest.
/m/013gxt	Independence is the fourth-largest city in the U.S. state of Missouri. Most of Independence lies within Jackson County, of which it is the county seat, although a small portion of the city lies in Clay County. Independence is a satellite city of Kansas City, Missouri, and is part of the Kansas City metropolitan area. In 2010, Independence had a total population of 116,830\nIndependence is known as the \"Queen City of the Trails\" because it was a point of departure of the California, Oregon and Santa Fe Trails. Independence is also noted as the hometown of President Harry S. Truman; the Truman Presidential Library and Museum is located in the city, and Truman and First Lady Bess Truman are buried here.\nIndependence played an important role in the early history of the Latter Day Saint movement, and is home to the headquarters of several denominations of the Latter Day Saint movement, most notably the Community of Christ, whose Temple is located there. Other Latter Day Saint denominations headquartered in the city include the Church of Christ and the Church of Jesus Christ, among others. A number of Restoration Branches are also located in and around Independence, and The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints maintains a visitor's center in the town.
/m/0m313	Shakespeare in Love is a 1998 British romantic comedy-drama film directed by John Madden, written by Marc Norman and playwright Tom Stoppard. The film depicts a love affair involving Viola de Lesseps and playwright William Shakespeare while he was writing the play Romeo and Juliet. The story is fiction, though several of the characters are based on real people. In addition, many of the characters, lines, and plot devices are references to Shakespeare's plays.\nShakespeare in Love won seven Oscars, including Best Picture, Best Actress, and Best Supporting Actress.
/m/02bh8z	Warner Music Group, also known as Warner Music, is an American major global record company headquartered in New York City. The largest American-owned music conglomerate worldwide, it is one of the 'big three' recording companies. The company operates some of the largest and most successful recording labels in the world, including its flagship labels Warner Bros. Records, Parlophone Records and Atlantic Records. WMG also owns Warner/Chappell Music, one of the world's largest music-publishing companies.\nFormerly owned by Time Warner, the world's largest media conglomerate, the company was publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange until May 2011, when it announced its privatization and sale to Access Industries, which was completed in July 2011. With a multi-billion dollar annual turnover, WMG employs in excess of 4,000 people and has operations in more than 50 countries throughout the world.
/m/019pkm	Steven Ronald Bochco is a US television producer and writer. He has developed a number of popular television hits including Hill Street Blues, L.A. Law, Doogie Howser, M.D., and NYPD Blue, as well as some notable flops such as Cop Rock.
/m/0c8br	Lyon Sprague de Camp was an American writer of science fiction and fantasy, non-fiction and biography. In a career spanning 60 years, he wrote over 100 books, including novels and notable works of non-fiction, including biographies of other important fantasy authors. He \"was widely regarded as an imaginative and innovative writer and was an important figure in the heyday of science fiction, from the late 1930s through the late 1940s.\"
/m/0dpl44	Crazy in Alabama is a 1999 comedy-drama film directed by Antonio Banderas, written by Mark Childress, and starring Melanie Griffith as an abused wife who heads to California to become a movie star while her nephew back in Alabama has to deal with a racially motivated murder involving a corrupt sheriff. The movie was filmed in Houma, Louisiana.
/m/09gffmz	Andrew Scheinman is a film and television producer, as well as a film director and screenwriter. Before he got his start in entertainment, he worked as a tennis pro, as well as earning a JD from the University of Virginia School of Law in 1973. He is one of the heads of Castle Rock Entertainment.\nHe won an Emmy Award for producing Seinfeld and was nominated for an Academy Award for producing A Few Good Men.
/m/015cqh	Journey is an American rock band formed in San Francisco in 1973 by former members of Santana and Frumious Bandersnatch. The band has gone through several phases; its strongest commercial success occurred between 1978 and 1987, after which it temporarily disbanded. During that period, the band released a series of hit songs, including 1981's \"Don't Stop Believin'\", which in 2009 became the top-selling catalog track in iTunes history. Its parent studio album, Escape, the band's eighth and most successful, reached No. 1 on the Billboard 200 and yielded another of their most popular singles, \"Open Arms\". Its 1983 follow-up, Frontiers, was almost as successful in the United States, reaching No. 2 and spawning several successful singles; it broadened the band's appeal in the United Kingdom, where it reached No. 6 on the UK Albums Chart. Journey enjoyed a successful reunion in the mid-1990s, and later regrouped with a series of lead singers.\nSales have resulted in two gold albums, eight multi-platinum albums, and one diamond album. They have had eighteen Top 40 singles in the US, six of which reached the Top 10 of the US Billboard Hot 100 chart and two of which reached No. 1 on other Billboard charts, and a No. 6 hit on the UK Singles Chart in \"Don't Stop Believin'\". Originally a progressive rock band, Journey was described by Allmusic as having cemented a reputation as \"one of America's most beloved commercial rock/pop bands\" by 1978, when they redefined their sound by embracing traditional pop arrangements on their fourth album, Infinity. According to the Recording Industry Association of America, Journey has sold 47 million albums in the US, making them the 28th best selling band. Their worldwide sales have reached over 80 million albums. A 2005 USA Today opinion poll named Journey the fifth best American rock band in history. Their songs have become arena rock staples and are still played on rock radio stations across the world.
/m/023jq1	Stephen Russell Davies, OBE, better known by his pen name Russell T Davies, is a Welsh television producer and screenwriter whose works include Queer as Folk, Bob & Rose, The Second Coming, Casanova and the 2005 revival of the classic British science fiction series Doctor Who.\nBorn in Swansea, Davies aspired to work as a comic artist in his adult life, until a careers advisor at Olchfa School suggested that he study English literature; he consequently focused on a career of play- and screen-writing. After he graduated from Oxford University, Davies joined the BBC's children's department in 1985 on a part-time basis and worked in varying positions, including writing and producing two series, Dark Season and Century Falls. He left the BBC in the early 1990s to work for Granada Television and later became a freelance writer.\nDavies moved into writing adult television dramas in 1994. His early scripts generally explored concepts of religion and sexuality among various backdrops: Revelations was a soap opera about organised religion and featured a lesbian vicar; Springhill was a soap drama about a Catholic family in contemporary Liverpool; The Grand explored society's opinion of subjects such as prostitution, abortion, and homosexuality during the interwar period; and Queer as Folk, his first prolific series, recreated his experiences in the Manchester gay scene. His later series include Bob & Rose, which portrayed a gay man who fell in love with a woman, The Second Coming, which focused on the second coming and deicide of Jesus Christ from a mostly non-religious point of view, Mine All Mine, a comedy about a family who discover they own the entire city of Swansea, and Casanova, an adaptation of the Venetian lover's complete memoirs.
/m/0gvt53w	The Master is a 2012 American drama film written, directed, and co-produced by Paul Thomas Anderson and starring Joaquin Phoenix, Philip Seymour Hoffman, and Amy Adams. It tells the story of Freddie Quell, a World War II veteran struggling to adjust to a post-war society who meets Lancaster Dodd, a leader of a religious movement known as \"The Cause,\" who sees something in Quell and accepts him into the movement. Freddie takes a liking to \"The Cause\" and begins traveling with Dodd along the East Coast to spread the teachings.\nIt was produced by Annapurna Pictures and Ghoulardi Film Company and distributed by The Weinstein Company. With a budget of $30 million, filming began in June 2011. Cinematography was provided by Mihai Mălaimare, Jr., Jonny Greenwood composed the score, and Leslie Jones and Peter McNulty worked as editors. The film was partly inspired by Scientology founder L. Ron Hubbard, but also used early drafts of There Will Be Blood, stories Jason Robards had told Anderson about his drinking days in the Navy during the war, and the life story of John Steinbeck. The Master was shot almost entirely on 65 mm film stock, making it the first feature length fiction film to be shot and released in 70 mm since Kenneth Branagh's Hamlet in 1996.
/m/02s6sh	Andrew Maurice Gold was an American singer, songwriter, musician and arranger. His works include the Top 10 single \"Lonely Boy\", as well as \"Thank You for Being a Friend\" and \"Never Let Her Slip Away\".\nGold was a multi-instrumentalist who played guitar, bass, keyboards, accordion, synthesizer, harmonica, saxophone, flute, drums and percussion, as well as more arcane musical devices such as ukulele, musette, and harmonium. He was also a producer, sound engineer, film composer, session musician, actor, and painter.\nThroughout the years, he played and/or sang on records and/or live performances with artists including Carly Simon, Jennifer Warnes, Linda Ronstadt, Stephen Bishop, America, Nicolette Larson, Maria Muldaur, Neil Diamond, Barbi Benton, Juice Newton, Leo Sayer, Freddie Mercury, The Nitty Gritty Dirt Band, Karla Bonoff, Paul McCartney, Ringo Starr, John Lennon, Brian Wilson, James Taylor, Roy Orbison, Don Henley, Bette Midler, Diana Ross, Cher, Jesse McCartney and J.D. Souther.
/m/0f_zkz	Hal Mohr, A.S.C. was a famed movie cinematographer.
/m/0cwrr	Sesame Street is a long-running American children's television series created by Joan Ganz Cooney and Lloyd Morrisett. The program is known for its educational content, and images communicated through the use of Jim Henson's Muppets, animation, short films, humor, and cultural references. The series premiered on November 10, 1969 to positive reviews, some controversy, and high ratings.\nThe show has undergone significant changes throughout its history. The format of Sesame Street consists of a combination of commercial television production elements and techniques which have evolved to reflect the changes in American culture and the audience's viewing habits. With the creation of Sesame Street, producers and writers of a children's television show used, for the first time, educational goals and a curriculum to shape its content. It was also the first time a show's educational effects on young children were studied.\nShortly after creating Sesame Street, its producers developed what came to be called \"the CTW model\", a system of television show planning, production, and evaluation based on collaborations between producers, writers, educators, and researchers. The show was initially funded by government and private foundations but has become somewhat self-supporting due to revenues from licensing arrangements, international sales, and other media. By 2006, there were independently produced versions, or \"co-productions\", of Sesame Street broadcast in twenty countries. In 2001 there were over 120 million viewers of various international versions of Sesame Street, and by the show's 40th anniversary in 2009, it was broadcast in more than 140 countries.
/m/01bvx1	Canon Inc. Kyanon kabushiki-gaisha is a Japanese multinational corporation specialized in the manufacture of imaging and optical products, including cameras, camcorders, photocopiers, steppers, computer printers and medical equipment. Its headquarters are located in Ōta, Tokyo, Japan.\nCanon has a primary listing on the Tokyo Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the TOPIX index. It has a secondary listing on the New York Stock Exchange.
/m/0g0syc	Pennsylvania's 12th congressional district is located in southwestern Pennsylvania, the 12th District consists of all of Beaver County, and parts of Allegheny, Cambria, Lawrence, Somerset, and Westmoreland Counties. It is currently represented by Republican Keith Rothfus. Before the 2011 round of redistricting, the 12th District consisted of all of Greene County, and parts of Allegheny, Armstrong, Cambria, Fayette, Indiana, Somerset, Washington, and Westmoreland Counties.
/m/05qt0	Politics is the practice and theory of influencing other people on a civic or individual level. More narrowly, it refers to achieving and exercising positions of governance — organized control over a human community, particularly a state. A variety of methods are employed in politics, which include promoting one's own political views among people, negotiation with other political subjects, making laws, and exercising force, including warfare against adversaries. Politics is exercised on a wide range of social levels, from clans and tribes of traditional societies, through modern local governments, companies and institutions up to sovereign states, to the international level.\nA political system is a framework which defines acceptable political methods within a given society. History of political thought can be traced back to early antiquity, with seminal works such as Plato's Republic, Aristotle's Politics and the works of Confucius.\nModern political discourse focuses on democracy and the relationship between people and politics. It is thought of as the way we choose government officials and make decisions about public policy.
/m/0736qr	Raymond Herbert \"Ray\" Wise is an American actor. Some of his best-known roles include Leland Palmer in Twin Peaks, henchman Leon C. Nash in RoboCop, the Devil in the CW television series Reaper and Hal Gardner in season 5 of 24.
/m/012d40	Jackie Chan, SBS, MBE is a Hong Kong actor, action choreographer, comedian, director, producer, martial artist, screenwriter, entrepreneur, singer, and stunt performer. In his movies, he is known for his acrobatic fighting style, comic timing, use of improvised weapons, and innovative stunts. He is one of the few actors to have performed all of his film stunts. Chan has been acting since the 1960s and has appeared in over 150 films.\nChan has received stars on the Hong Kong Avenue of Stars and the Hollywood Walk of Fame. As a cultural icon, Chan has been referenced in various pop songs, cartoons, and video games. An operatically trained vocalist, Chan is also a Cantopop and Mandopop star, having released a number of albums and sung many of the theme songs for the films in which he has starred.
/m/044mvs	Ian Joseph Somerhalder is an American actor and model, best known for playing Boone Carlyle in the TV drama Lost and Damon Salvatore in the TV drama The Vampire Diaries.
/m/054rw	Marrakech, or Marrakesh is a major city in the northwest African nation of Morocco. It is the fourth largest city in the country after Casablanca, Fes and Rabat, and is the capital of the mid-southwestern economic region of Marrakesh-Tensift-El Haouz. Located to the north of the foothills of the snow-capped Atlas Mountains, by road Marrakesh is located 580 km southwest of Tangier, 327 km southwest of the Moroccan capital of Rabat, 239 km southwest of Casablanca, and 246 km northeast of Agadir.\nMarrakesh is the most important of Morocco's four former imperial cities. Inhabited by Berber farmers from Neolithic times, the city was founded in 1062 by Abu Bakr ibn Umar, chieftain and cousin of Almoravid king Yusuf ibn Tashfin. In the 12th century, the Almoravids built many madrasas and mosques in Marrakesh that bear Andalusian influences. The red walls of the city, built by Ali ibn Yusuf in 1122-1123, and various buildings constructed in red sandstone during this period, have given the city the nickname of the \"Red City\" or \"Ochre City\". Marrakesh grew rapidly and established itself as a cultural, religious, and trading centre for the Maghreb and sub-Saharan Africa; Jemaa el-Fnaa is the busiest square in Africa. After a period of decline, the city was surpassed by Fes, but in the early 16th century, Marrakesh again became the capital of the kingdom. The city regained its preeminence under wealthy Saadian sultans Abu Abdallah al-Qaim and Ahmad al-Mansur, who embellished the city with sumptuous palaces such as the El Badi Palace and restored many ruined monuments. Beginning in the 17th century, the city became popular among Sufi pilgrims for Morocco's seven patron saints, who are entombed here. In 1912 the French Protectorate in Morocco was established and T'hami El Glaoui became Pasha of Marrakesh and held this position nearly throughout the duration of the protectorate until the role was dissolved upon independence of Morocco and the reestablishment of the monarchy in 1956. In 2009, Marrakesh mayor Fatima Zahra Mansouri became the second woman to be elected mayor in Morocco.
/m/01p9hgt	Albert William Lee is an English guitarist known for his fingerstyle and hybrid picking technique. Lee has worked, both in the studio and on tour, with many famous musicians from a wide range of genres. He has also maintained a solo career and is a noted composer and musical director.
/m/0d6br	Sussex, from the Old English Sūþsēaxe, is an historic county in South East England corresponding roughly in area to the ancient Kingdom of Sussex. Clockwise, it is bounded to the west by Hampshire; north by Surrey, north-east by Kent, south by the English Channel and is divided for local government into West Sussex and East Sussex and the city of Brighton and Hove. Brighton and Hove was created as a unitary authority in 1997, and was granted City status in 2000. Until then, Chichester had been Sussex's only city.\nSussex has three main geographic sub-regions, each orientated approximately east to west. In the south-west of the county lies the fertile and densely populated coastal plain. North of this lie the rolling chalk hills of the South Downs, beyond which lies the well-wooded Sussex Weald.\nThe name 'Sussex' derives from the Kingdom of Sussex, founded by Ælle of Sussex in 477 AD, which in 825 was absorbed into the kingdom of Wessex and the later kingdom of England. The region's roots go back further to the location of some of Europe's earliest hominid finds at Boxgrove. Sussex has been a key location for England's major invasions, including the Roman invasion of Britain and the Battle of Hastings.
/m/0j0k	Asia is the world's largest and most populous continent, located primarily in the eastern and northern hemispheres. It covers 8.7% of the Earth's total surface area and comprises 30% of its land area. With approximately 4.3 billion people, it hosts 60% of the world's current human population. Asia has a high growth rate in the modern era. For instance, during the 20th century, Asia's population nearly quadrupled.\nThe boundaries of Asia are culturally determined, as there is no clear geographical separation between it and Europe, which together form one continuous landmass called Eurasia. The most commonly accepted boundaries place Asia to the east of the Suez Canal, the Ural River, and the Ural Mountains, and south of the Caucasus Mountains and the Caspian and Black Seas. It is bounded on the east by the Pacific Ocean, on the south by the Indian Ocean and on the north by the Arctic Ocean.\nGiven its size and diversity, the concept of Asia – a name dating back to classical antiquity - may actually have more to do with human geography than physical geography. Asia varies greatly across and within its regions with regard to ethnic groups, cultures, environments, economics, historical ties and government systems.
/m/0747nrk	A pundit is someone who offers to mass media his or her opinion or commentary on a particular subject area on which they are knowledgeable, or considered a scholar in said area. The term has been increasingly applied to popular media personalities. In certain cases, it may be used in a derogatory manner as well, as the political equivalent of ideologue.
/m/04lc0h	Auckland City is a former local authority district covering the Auckland isthmus and most of the islands of the Hauraki Gulf, in the North Island of New Zealand, which was governed by the Auckland City Council. On 1 November 2010 the council was amalgamated with other councils of the wider Auckland Region into the new Auckland Council. Auckland City was the most populous city in the country, with a population of 450,300 at 30 June 2010. It lay in the Auckland Region, which was governed by the Auckland Regional Council based in Auckland City.\nAuckland City was, together with its neighbouring cities, part of the Greater Auckland area. As the term 'Auckland' may have referred to the local authority alone, to the whole metropolitan area, or even to the broader region, this may have led to ambiguity, since people from other parts of New Zealand or from overseas often did not draw any distinction; especially now that the metropolitan area has been amalgamated. In 2009, Auckland was rated the fourth-best place to live in the world, in human resources consultancy Mercer's annual survey.
/m/03fn6z	Sliema Wanderers Football Club are a Maltese football team from the town of Sliema, which currently plays in the Maltese Premier League.
/m/018yv3	Cowpunk or Country punk is a subgenre of punk rock that began in the UK and California in the late 1970s and early 1980s. It combines punk rock or New Wave with country music, folk music, and blues in sound, subject matter, attitude, and style. Many of the musicians in this scene have now become associated with alternative country or roots rock.
/m/0jwvf	Rear Window is a 1954 American suspense thriller film directed by Alfred Hitchcock, written by John Michael Hayes and based on Cornell Woolrich's 1942 short story \"It Had to Be Murder\". Originally released by Paramount Pictures, the film stars James Stewart, Grace Kelly, Wendell Corey, Thelma Ritter and Raymond Burr. It was screened at the 1954 Venice Film Festival.\nThe film is considered by many filmgoers, critics and scholars to be one of Hitchcock's best. The film received four Academy Award nominations and was ranked #42 on AFI's 100 Years...100 Movies list and #48 on the 10th-anniversary edition. In 1997, Rear Window was added to the United States National Film Registry.
/m/02w4v	Folk music includes both traditional music and the genre that evolved from it during the 20th century folk revival. The term originated in the 19th century but is often applied to music that is older than that. Some types of folk music are also called world music.\nTraditional folk music has been defined in several ways: as music transmitted by mouth, as music of the lower classes, and as music with unknown composers. It has been contrasted with commercial and classical styles. One meaning often given is that of old songs, with no known composers; another is music that has been transmitted and evolved by a process of oral transmission or performed by custom over a long period of time.\nStarting in the mid-20th century a new form of popular folk music evolved from traditional folk music. This process and period is called the folk revival and reached a zenith in the 1960s. This form of music is sometimes called contemporary folk music or folk revival music to distinguish it from earlier folk forms. Smaller similar revivals have occurred elsewhere in the world at other times, but the term folk music has typically not been applied to the new music created during those revivals. This type of folk music also includes fusion genres such as folk rock, folk metal, electric folk, and others. While contemporary folk music is a genre generally distinct from traditional folk music, in English it shares the same name, and it often shares the same performers and venues as traditional folk music. Even individual songs may be a blend of the two.
/m/06p5g	The Solar System is the Sun and the objects that orbit the Sun. These are a planetary system of eight planets and various secondary bodies, dwarf planets and small Solar System objects that orbit the Sun directly, as well as satellites that orbit many planets and smaller objects. The Solar System formed 4.6 billion years ago from the gravitational collapse of a giant molecular cloud. The vast majority of the system's mass is in the Sun, with most of the remaining mass contained in Jupiter. The four smaller inner planets, Mercury, Venus, Earth and Mars, also called the terrestrial planets, are primarily composed of rock and metal. The four outer planets, called the gas giants, are substantially more massive than the terrestrials. The two largest, Jupiter and Saturn, are composed mainly of hydrogen and helium; the two outermost planets, Uranus and Neptune, are composed largely of substances with relatively high melting points, called ices, such as water, ammonia and methane, and are often referred to separately as \"ice giants\". All planets have almost circular orbits that lie within a nearly flat disc called the ecliptic plane.\nThe Solar System also contains regions populated by smaller objects. The asteroid belt, which lies between Mars and Jupiter, mostly contains objects composed, like the terrestrial planets, of rock and metal. Beyond Neptune's orbit lie the Kuiper belt and scattered disc, linked populations of trans-Neptunian objects composed mostly of ices. Within these populations are several dozen to more than ten thousand objects that may be large enough to have been rounded by their own gravity. Such objects are referred to as dwarf planets. Identified dwarf planets include the asteroid Ceres and the trans-Neptunian objects Pluto and Eris. In addition to these two regions, various other small-body populations including comets, centaurs and interplanetary dust freely travel between regions. Six of the planets, at least three of the dwarf planets, and many of the smaller bodies are orbited by natural satellites, usually termed \"moons\" after Earth's Moon. Each of the outer planets is encircled by planetary rings of dust and other small objects.
/m/016mhd	Billy Elliot is a 2000 British drama film written by Lee Hall and directed by Stephen Daldry. Set in north-eastern England during the 1984-5 coal miners' strike, it stars Jamie Bell as 11-year-old Billy, an aspiring dancer dealing with the negative stereotype of the male ballet dancer; Gary Lewis as his coal miner father; Jamie Draven as Billy's older brother, and Julie Walters as his ballet teacher.\nIn 2001, author Melvin Burgess was commissioned to write the novelisation of the film based on Lee Hall's screenplay. The story was adapted for the West End stage as Billy Elliot the Musical in 2005; it opened in Australia in 2007 and on Broadway in 2008.\nWhen the film was released in the United States, the Motion Picture Association of America gave it an R rating due to language. When released on video, it was re-cut to a PG-13 rating for \"some thematic elements\"; this version edited out many uses of profanity.
/m/0sf9_	Peoria is a city in and the county seat of Peoria County, Illinois, United States, and the largest city on the Illinois River. Established in 1691 by the French explorer Henri de Tonti, Peoria is the oldest European settlement in Illinois, and is named after the Peoria tribe. As of the 2010 census, the city was the seventh-most populated in Illinois, with a population of 115,007. The Peoria Metropolitan Statistical Area had a population of 373,590 in 2011. Peoria had a population of 118,943 in 2010, when far northern Peoria was also included. Peoria is the headquarters for Caterpillar Inc., one of the 30 companies composing the Dow Jones Industrial Average.
/m/02xpy5	Northern Arizona University is a public university located in Flagstaff, Arizona, United States. It is accredited by the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools, and has 36 satellite campuses in the state of Arizona. The university offers both undergraduate and graduate degrees.\nAs of fall 2013, 26,006 students were enrolled, 19,320 at the Flagstaff campus. The average cost of tuition and fees for a full-time, Arizona resident undergraduate student for two semesters is $9,692. NAU offers Flagstaff undergraduate students the Pledge Program that guarantees the same tuition rate for four years. For the Fall 2013 school year, out-of-state undergraduates will pay an estimated $22,094 for tuition and fees. NAU also participates in the Western Undergraduate Exchange Program, which offers lower tuition rates for students from the Western United States. WUE tuition rates for fall 2013 are $12,680.\nThe Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education classifies NAU as a research university with high research activity. NAU is governed by the Arizona Board of Regents.
/m/07xyn1	Simon Property Group, Inc. is an American commercial real estate company, ranked #1 in the United States as the largest real estate investment trust. Simon is a fully integrated real estate company which operates from five retail real estate platforms: regional malls, Premium Outlet Centers, The Mills, community/lifestyle centers and international properties. It currently owns or has an interest in more than 325 properties comprising approximately 241,000,000 square feet of gross leasable area in North America and Asia. The company is headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana and employs more than 5,000 people worldwide. It is publicly traded on the NYSE under the symbol SPG and is part of the S&P 100.
/m/0130xz	A general officer is an officer of high military ranks, usually in the army, and in some nations, the air force. The term is widely used by many nations of the world, and when a country uses a different term, there is an equivalent title given.\nThe term \"general\" is used in two ways: as the generic title for all grades of general officer and as a specific rank. Since the late twentieth century, the rank of general is usually the highest active rank of a military not at war.
/m/0dhqyw	Vidyasagar is an Indian film composer, musician and singer in the Tamil, Malayalam, Telugu and Hindi film industries. After working with several composers as assistant and conductor, Vidyasagar made his debut as a film composer in the 1989 Tamil film Poomanam. Working for over 250 feature films, he is the recipient of the prestigious National Award and five Filmfare Awards.
/m/056jrs	Helsingborgs IF, commonly referred to as Helsingborg and locally HIF, is a Swedish football club located in Helsingborg. They are currently playing in the highest Swedish league, Allsvenskan. The club, formed 4 June 1907, has won five national championship titles and five national cup titles. Helsingborgs IF have also won Allsvenskan on two occasions when the title of Swedish champions was not decided by the outcome of that league.\nHelsingborg was a founder member of Allsvenskan, and between 1924 and 1968 they spent all but two seasons in the top division, and won the league five times. At the end of the 1968 season, HIF was relegated, and while most people initially expected a quick return, they went on to spend the next 24 seasons in the lower leagues before finally getting promoted back to the top flight in 1992. Since returning to Allsvenskan in 1993, Helsingborg has remained in the top division, winning the league twice in 1999 and 2011.\nHelsingborg is the latest Swedish team to qualify for the UEFA Champions League. The club is affiliated to the Skånes Fotbollförbund.
/m/0m31m	Joseph Twisleton-Wykeham-Fiennes is an English film and stage actor. He is perhaps best known for his portrayals of William Shakespeare in Shakespeare in Love, Sir Robert Dudley in Elizabeth, Commisar Danilov in Enemy at the Gates, Martin Luther in Luther, Merlin in Camelot, Mark Benford in the 2009 TV series FlashForward and for starring as Monsignor Timothy Howard in the second season of the TV series American Horror Story.
/m/02g5q1	Mortal Kombat: Annihilation is a 1997 American martial arts action film directed by John R. Leonetti. Based on the Mortal Kombat series of fighting games, the film is the sequel to 1995's Mortal Kombat.\nThe film stars Robin Shou, Talisa Soto, Brian Thompson, Sandra Hess, Lynn \"Red\" Williams, Irina Pantaeva, Marjean Holden and James Remar. The storyline was largely an adaptation of Mortal Kombat 3, following a band of warriors as they attempt to save Earth from the evil Shao Kahn. Although the story picks up where the last film left off, most of the lead roles were recast.\nIn contrast to its predecessor, which was a box office success and marginally well received, Annihilation was critically panned and underperformed at the box office. As a result, development of a planned sequel to the film was halted and never progressed beyond pre-production.
/m/0nrnz	Scott County is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa. The population was 168,799 as of the 2012 Census estimate and increase of 2.2% from the 2010 census which was at 165,224. The county seat is Davenport.\nScott County is one of the four counties that make up the Quad Cities Metropolitan Area.
/m/02w4b	The flugelhorn is a brass instrument that resembles a trumpet but has a wider, conical bore. Some consider it a member of the saxhorn family developed by Adolphe Sax. Other historians assert that it derives from the valve bugle designed by Michael Saurle in Munich in 1832, which predates Adolphe Sax's work.
/m/04k25	Lars von Trier is a Danish film director and screenwriter. He is closely associated with the Dogme 95 collective – an avant-garde filmmaking movement – although his own films have taken a variety of approaches. His work has frequently divided critical opinion.\nVon Trier began making films at age eleven. Von Trier suffers periodically from depression, as well as various fears and phobias, including an intense fear of flying. As he quipped in an interview, \"basically, I'm afraid of everything in life, except filmmaking.\" His first publicly released film was the 1977 experimental short The Orchid Gardener and his first feature came seven years later with The Element of Crime. Among many prizes, awards and nominations, he is the recipient of the Palme d'Or, the Grand Prix, and the Prix du Jury at the Cannes Film Festival.
/m/0233bn	Infernal Affairs is a 2002 Hong Kong crime-thriller film directed by Andrew Lau and Alan Mak. It tells the story of a police officer who infiltrates a triad, and a police officer secretly working for the same gang. The Chinese title means \"The Unceasing Path\", a reference to Avici, the lowest level of hell in Buddhism, where one endures suffering incessantly. The English title is a word play combining the law enforcement term \"internal affairs\" with the adjective \"infernal\". Due to its commercial and critical success, Infernal Affairs was followed by a prequel, Infernal Affairs II, and a sequel, Infernal Affairs III, both released in 2003.\nPre-release publicity for Infernal Affairs focused on its star-studded cast, but it later received critical acclaim for its original plot and its concise and swift storytelling style. The film did exceptionally well in Hong Kong, where it was considered \"a box office miracle\" and heralded as a revival of Hong Kong cinema which at the time was considered to be direly lacking in creativity. Miramax Films acquired the United States distribution rights of this film and gave it a limited U.S. theatrical release in 2004.
/m/03l7rh	Queen of the South Football Club is a Scottish professional football club founded in 1919 and located in Dumfries. The club currently plays in the Scottish Championship, in the second tier of Scottish football. They are officially nicknamed The Doonhamers, but usually referred to as Queens or QoS. Their home ground since their formation has been Palmerston Park.\nThe club's national honours include winning the Division B Championship in season 1950–51, the Second Division Championship in season 2001–02 and in season 2012–13 and also the Scottish Challenge Cup in season 2002–03 and in season 2012–13. Queens led Scotland's top division up until New Year in season 1953–54 and Queens highest finish in Scotland's top division was 4th in season 1933–34. The club reached their first major cup final in 2008 when they reached the final of the Scottish Cup, where they were runners-up to Rangers. The club's manager is Jim McIntyre.
/m/03lpbx	Fox Kids was an American children's programming block that aired on the Fox Broadcasting Company that premiered on September 8, 1990 and ended on September 7, 2002, and a former brand name for a slate of international children's television channels. It was owned by Fox Television Entertainment beginning in 2001, and throughout its existence, the program block airing on Monday–Friday afternoons and Saturday mornings.\nDepending on the show, the programming block was aimed at young children aged 6–11, and preteens ages 12–14. It continued to run repeats until September 7, 2002. At that time, Fox put the time slots up for bidding, with 4Kids Entertainment winning and securing the rights to program the Saturday morning block. Fox Kids had managed to achieve high ratings throughout its 12-year run and lived to be the longest running children's television block on U.S. broadcast television, until the record was surpassed by Kids' WB in 2008, which ended after 13 years.
/m/01chc7	Paul Bettany is an English actor. He first came to the attention of mainstream audiences when he appeared in the British film Gangster No. 1, and director Brian Helgeland's film A Knight's Tale. He has gone on to appear in a wide variety of films, including A Beautiful Mind, Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World, Dogville, and the adaptation of the novel The Da Vinci Code. He is also known for his voice role as J.A.R.V.I.S. in Iron Man, Iron Man 2, The Avengers, and Iron Man 3. He will portray Vision in Avengers: Age of Ultron.\nHe has been nominated for various awards, including BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Supporting Role and a Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Cast in a Motion Picture. Bettany is married to American actress Jennifer Connelly, with whom he has three children.\nHis most commercially successful films have been The Da Vinci Code which grossed US$758 million, A Beautiful Mind which grossed US$314 million, and The Tourist which grossed US$278 million worldwide.
/m/01d0fp	Kimila Ann \"Kim\" Basinger is an American actress and former fashion model. She came to prominence in the 1980s with roles as Bond girl Domino Petachi in Never Say Never Again, her Golden Globe-nominated role as Memo Paris in The Natural, Elizabeth in Nine 1/2 Weeks, and Vicki Vale in Batman.\nIn 1997, she won an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her performance in L.A. Confidential. Other movies in which Basinger has starred include I Dreamed of Africa as Kuki Gallmann, 8 Mile, and Cellular.
/m/05qtj	Paris is the capital and most populous city of France. It is situated on the Seine River, in the north of the country, at the heart of the Île-de-France region. Within its administrative limits, the city had 2,234,105 inhabitants in 2009 while its metropolitan area is one of the largest population centres in Europe with more than 12 million inhabitants.\nAn important settlement for more than two millennia, by the late 12th century Paris had become a walled cathedral city that was one of Europe's foremost centres of learning and the arts and the largest city in the Western world until the turn of the 18th century. Paris was the focal point for many important political events throughout its history, including the French Revolution. Today it is one of the world's leading business and cultural centres, and its influence in politics, education, entertainment, media, science, fashion and the arts all contribute to its status as one of the world's major cities. The city has one of the largest GDPs in the world, €607 billion as of 2011, and as a result of its high concentration of national and international political, cultural and scientific institutions is one of the world's leading tourist destinations. The Paris Region hosts the world headquarters of 30 of the Fortune Global 500 companies in several business districts, notably La Défense, the largest dedicated business district in Europe.
/m/0d6b7	Metropolis is a 1927 German expressionist epic science-fiction film directed by Fritz Lang. The film was written by Lang and his wife Thea von Harbou, and starred Brigitte Helm, Gustav Fröhlich, Alfred Abel and Rudolf Klein-Rogge. A silent film, it was produced in the Babelsberg Studios by UFA.\nMetropolis is regarded as a pioneer work of science fiction movies, being the first feature length movie of the genre.\nMade in Germany during the Weimar Period, Metropolis is set in a futuristic urban dystopia, and follows the attempts of Freder, the wealthy son of the city's ruler, and Maria, whose background is not fully explained in the film, to overcome the vast gulf separating the classes of their city. Metropolis was filmed in 1925, at a cost of approximately five million Reichsmarks. Thus, it was the most expensive film ever released up to that point.\nThe film was met with a mixed response upon its initial release, with many critics praising its technical achievements and social metaphors while others derided its \"simplistic and naïve\" presentation. Because of its long running-time and the inclusion of footage which censors found questionable, Metropolis was cut substantially after its German premiere: large portions of the film were lost over the subsequent decades.
/m/0cd25	Surgery is an ancient medical specialty that uses operative manual and instrumental techniques on a patient to investigate and/or treat a pathological condition such as disease or injury, or to help improve bodily function or appearance.\nAn act of performing surgery may be called a surgical procedure, operation, or simply surgery. In this context, the verb operate means to perform surgery. The adjective surgical means pertaining to surgery; e.g. surgical instruments or surgical nurse. The patient or subject on which the surgery is performed can be a person or an animal. A surgeon is a person who practises surgery. Persons described as surgeons are commonly physicians, but the term is also applied to podiatrists, dentists and veterinarians. A surgery can last from minutes to hours, but is typically not an ongoing or periodic type of treatment. The term surgery can also refer to the place where surgery is performed, or simply the office of a physician, dentist, or veterinarian.\nElective surgery generally refers to a surgical procedure that can be scheduled in advance because it does not involve a medical emergency. Plastic, or cosmetic surgeries are common elective procedures.
/m/0kb3n	Mario Gianluigi Puzo was an Italian American author and screenwriter, known for his novels about the Mafia, including The Godfather, which was later co-adapted into a film by Francis Ford Coppola. He won the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay in both 1972 and 1974.
/m/0gfsq9	I Am Legend is a 2007 American post-apocalyptic science fiction horror film directed by Francis Lawrence and starring Will Smith. It is the third feature film adaptation of Richard Matheson's 1954 novel of the same name, following 1964's The Last Man on Earth and 1971's The Omega Man. Smith plays virologist Robert Neville, who is immune to a man-made virus originally created to cure cancer. He works to create a remedy while defending himself against mutants created by the virus.\nWarner Bros. began developing I Am Legend in 1994, and various actors and directors were attached to the project, though production was delayed due to budgetary concerns related to the script. Production began in 2006 in New York City, filming mainly on location in the city, including a $5 million scene at the Brooklyn Bridge.\nI Am Legend was released on December 14, 2007 in the United States and Canada, and opened to the largest ever box office for a non-Christmas film released in the U.S. in December. The film was the seventh-highest grossing film of 2007, earning $256 million domestically and $329 million internationally, for a total of $585 million.
/m/0l2p7	Plumas County is a county located in the Sierra Nevada of the U.S. state of California. The county gets its name from the Spanish words for the Feather River, which flows through the county. As of the 2010 census, the population was 20,007, down from 20,824 at the 2000 census. The county seat is Quincy.\nThe only incorporated city in the county is Portola, several other populated places are CDPs.
/m/03j722	Football Club Shakhtar Donetsk is a Ukrainian professional football club from the city of Donetsk.\nShakhtar has appeared in several European competitions and currently is often a participant of the UEFA Champions League. The club became the first club in independent Ukraine to win the UEFA Cup in 2009, the last year before the competition was revamped as the Europa League. There are two Ukrainian clubs, the other one is Dynamo Kyiv, who have won a major UEFA competition. The club plays its home matches at the Donbass Arena. Shakhtar Donetsk is Ukraine's second most popular football club. The club is the sole favorite of football fans in the Donbas.\nThe club draws its history from the very start of the Soviet football league competitions and is one of the oldest clubs in Ukraine. The club was a member of the Soviet Voluntary Sports Society of Shakhtyor, having connections with other Soviet teams from Karaganda, Soligorsk, among others. In the late Soviet period, Shakhtar was considered a tough mid-table club of the Soviet Top League and a cup competition specialist after winning the Soviet Cup two years in a row in 1961 and 1962.
/m/05w1vf	Stephen Harold Tobolowsky is an American actor and author. He played annoying insurance salesman Ned Ryerson in the Bill Murray film, Groundhog Day, as well as such television characters as Commissioner Hugo Jarry in Deadwood and Bob Bishop in Heroes. He has had recurring roles as Sandy Ryerson on Glee, and as Stu Beggs on Californication.\nIn addition to acting, Tobolowsky does an audio podcast about once a month of autobiographical stories of his acting and personal life. He has also authored The Dangerous Animals Club and Cautionary Tales based on these original stories.
/m/01nkt	Cheese is a food derived from milk that is produced in a wide range of flavors, textures, and forms by coagulation of the milk protein casein. It comprises proteins and fat from milk, usually the milk of cows, buffalo, goats, or sheep. During production, the milk is usually acidified, and adding the enzyme rennet causes coagulation. The solids are separated and pressed into final form. Some cheeses have molds on the rind or throughout. Most cheeses melt at cooking temperature.\nHundreds of types of cheese from various countries are produced. Their styles, textures and flavors depend on the origin of the milk, whether they have been pasteurized, the butterfat content, the bacteria and mold, the processing, and aging. Herbs, spices, or wood smoke may be used as flavoring agents. The yellow to red color of many cheeses, such as Red Leicester, is produced by adding annatto. Other ingredients may be added to some cheeses, such as black peppers, garlic, chives or cranberries.\nFor a few cheeses, the milk is curdled by adding acids such as vinegar or lemon juice. Most cheeses are acidified to a lesser degree by bacteria, which turn milk sugars into lactic acid, then the addition of rennet completes the curdling. Vegetarian alternatives to rennet are available; most are produced by fermentation of the fungus Mucor miehei, but others have been extracted from various species of the Cynara thistle family.
/m/027mvrc	The 2006 Major League Baseball season ended with the National League's St. Louis Cardinals winning the World Series with the lowest regular season victory total in history. The American League continued its domination at the All-Star Game by winning its fourth straight game; the A.L. has won nine of the last ten contests. This season, the Atlanta Braves failed to qualify for the postseason for the first time since 1990. Individual achievements included Barry Bonds who, despite questions surrounding his alleged steroid use and involvement in the BALCO scandal, surpassed Babe Ruth for second place on the career home runs list.
/m/01skmp	Diane Lane is an American actress. Born and raised in New York City, Lane made her screen debut in George Roy Hill's 1979 film A Little Romance, starring opposite Sir Laurence Olivier. Soon after, she was featured on the cover of Time magazine and dubbed \"the new Grace Kelly\". She has since appeared in several notable films, including the 2002 film Unfaithful, which earned her Academy Award, Golden Globes and Screen Actors Guild Award nominations. Lane has also starred in The Outsiders, The Perfect Storm, Under the Tuscan Sun, Cinema Verite, and in 2013, Man of Steel.
/m/01f2y9	The Most Excellent Order of the British Empire is an order of chivalry established on 4 June 1917 by King George V. The Order is composed of five classes in civil and military divisions. In descending order of seniority, these are:\nKnight Grand Cross or Dame Grand Cross of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire\nKnight Commander or Dame Commander of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire\nCommander of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire\nOfficer of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire\nMember of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire\nOnly the highest two ranks automatically entitle its recipient to become a knight or dame, an honour allowing the postulant to use the title \"Sir\" or \"Dame\" before his or her first name. Honorary knighthoods, given to individuals who are not nationals of a realm where Queen Elizabeth II is Head of State, permit use of the honour as a post-nominal but not as a title before their name. Awards in the Order of the British Empire were discontinued in those Commonwealth realms that established national systems of honours and awards such as the Order of Canada, the Order of Australia and the New Zealand Order of Merit. Foreign recipients are classified as honorary members of the Order they receive, and do not contribute to the numbers restricted to that Order as full members do.
/m/019pcs	Ethiopia, officially known as the Federal Democratic Republic of Ethiopia, is a country located in the Horn of Africa. It is bordered by Eritrea to the north and northeast, Djibouti and Somalia to the east, Sudan and South Sudan to the west, and Kenya to the south. With over 93,000,000 inhabitants, Ethiopia is the most populous landlocked country in the world, and the second-most populated nation on the African continent. It occupies a total area of 1,100,000 square kilometres, and its capital and largest city is Addis Ababa.\nEthiopia is one of the oldest locations of human life known to scientists and is widely considered the region from which Homo sapiens first set out for the Middle East and points beyond. Tracing its roots to the 2nd millennium BC, Ethiopia was a monarchy for most of its history. Alongside Rome, Persia, China and India, the Kingdom of Aksum was one of the great world powers of the 3rd century. In the 4th century, it was the first major empire in the world to officially adopt Christianity as a state religion.\nEthiopia derived prestige for its uniquely successful military resistance during the late 19th-century Scramble for Africa, and subsequently many African nations adopted the colors of Ethiopia's flag following their independence. Ethiopia was the only African country to defeat a European colonial power and retain its sovereignty as an independent country. It was the first independent African member of the 20th-century League of Nations and the UN. In 1974, at the end of Haile Selassie I's reign, power fell to a communist military junta known as the Derg, backed by the Soviet Union, until it was defeated by the EPRDF, which has ruled since about the time of the collapse of the USSR in 1991.
/m/0fkx3	Premier is a title for the head of government in some countries, states and sub-national governments.
/m/03gq340	Street punk is a working class-based genre of punk rock which took shape in the early 1980s, partly as a rebellion against the perceived artistic pretensions of the first wave of British punk. Street punk emerged from the Oi! style, performed by bands such as Sham 69, Angelic Upstarts, Cockney Rejects, The Exploited, and Cock Sparrer. However, street punk continued beyond the confines of the original Oi! form. Street punks generally have a much more outlandish appearance than the working class or skinhead image cultivated by many Oi! groups. Street punks often have multi-coloured hair, mohawks, spike-encrusted leather vests, and clothing with political slogans or the names of punk bands.
/m/0c78m	Asthma is a common chronic inflammatory disease of the airways characterized by variable and recurring symptoms, reversible airflow obstruction and bronchospasm. Common symptoms include wheezing, coughing, chest tightness, and shortness of breath.\nAsthma is thought to be caused by a combination of genetic and environmental factors. Its diagnosis is usually based on the pattern of symptoms, response to therapy over time and spirometry. It is clinically classified according to the frequency of symptoms, forced expiratory volume in one second, and peak expiratory flow rate. Asthma may also be classified as atopic or non-atopic where atopy refers to a predisposition toward developing type 1 hypersensitivity reactions.\nTreatment of acute symptoms is usually with an inhaled short-acting beta-2 agonist and oral corticosteroids. In very severe cases, intravenous corticosteroids, magnesium sulfate, and hospitalization may be required. Symptoms can be prevented by avoiding triggers, such as allergens and irritants, and by the use of inhaled corticosteroids. Long-acting beta agonists or leukotriene antagonists may be used in addition to inhaled corticosteroids if asthma symptoms remain uncontrolled. The occurrence of asthma has increased significantly since the 1970s. In 2011, 235–300 million people globally have been diagnosed with asthma, and it caused 250,000 deaths.
/m/0f3zsq	Tak Fujimoto, A.S.C. is an American cinematographer.\nDuring World War II, Fujimoto was interned at the Poston War Relocation Center. A graduate of the London Film School, he has worked with filmmakers Jonathan Demme, M. Night Shyamalan, John Hughes, Howard Deutch and Terrence Malick. Early in his career, he worked on the second unit of the first Star Wars film.\nIn 2011 worked on the pilot for the television drama A Gifted Man.
/m/053k78	Metal Blade Records is a record label which was founded by Brian Slagel in 1982. The U.S. corporate office for Metal Blade is located in Agoura Hills, California. It also has offices in Germany, Japan, Canada, and the UK. The label is distributed in the U.S. by Sony Music Entertainment/RED Distribution. It was distributed by Warner Bros. Records in the United States from 1988 to 1993.
/m/06pyc2	Pat Garrett and Billy the Kid is a 1973 American Western drama film directed by Sam Peckinpah and starring James Coburn, Kris Kristofferson, and Bob Dylan. Written by Rudy Wurlitzer, the film is about an aging Pat Garrett, hired as a lawman by a group of wealthy New Mexico cattle barons to bring down his old friend Billy the Kid. Dylan composed several songs for the movie's score and soundtrack album Pat Garrett & Billy the Kid, which was released the same year. Filmed on location in Durango, Mexico, the film was nominated for two BAFTA Awards for Film Music and Most Promising Newcomer. The film was also nominated for a Grammy Award for Album of Best Original Score.\nThe film was noted for behind-the-scenes battles between Peckinpah and the production company Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. Soon after completion, the film was taken away from the director and substantially re-edited, resulting in a truncated version released to theaters and largely disowned by cast and crew members. Peckinpah's preview version was released on video in 1988, leading to a re-evaluation, with many critics hailing it as a mistreated classic and one of the era's best films. The film is ranked 126th on Empire magazine's list of The 500 Greatest Movies of All Time.
/m/01cv3n	Rivers Cuomo is an American musician, singer and songwriter who is best known as the lead vocalist, lead guitarist and principal songwriter of the alternative rock band Weezer. Raised in an ashram in Connecticut, Cuomo moved to Los Angeles at age 19, where he participated in a number of rock bands before founding Weezer in 1992. With Weezer, he has released nine studio albums.\nIn addition to fronting Weezer, Cuomo has also worked as a solo artist. In December 2007, he released Alone: The Home Recordings of Rivers Cuomo, which featured home demos that Cuomo recorded from 1992 to 2007. He released another album, Alone II: The Home Recordings of Rivers Cuomo, in November 2008. Alone III: The Pinkerton Years was released in December 2011.
/m/012z8_	Marvin Gaye, born Marvin Pentz Gay, Jr., was an American singer-songwriter and musician.\nGaye helped to shape the sound of Motown Records in the 1960s with a string of hits, including \"How Sweet It Is\" and \"I Heard It Through the Grapevine\", and duet recordings with Mary Wells and Tammi Terrell, later earning the titles \"Prince of Motown\" and \"Prince of Soul\". During the 1970s, he recorded the concept albums What's Going On and Let's Get It On and became one of the first artists in Motown to break away from the reins of its production company. Gaye's later recordings influenced several R&B subgenres, such as quiet storm and neo-soul.\nFollowing a period in Europe as a tax exile in the early 1980s, Gaye released the 1982 Grammy Award-winning hit \"Sexual Healing\" and the Midnight Love album. Since his death in 1984, Gaye has been posthumously honoured by many institutions, including the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award and the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
/m/07wbk	The Republican Party, also commonly called the GOP, is one of the two major contemporary political parties in the United States, the other being the Democratic Party. Founded by anti-slavery activists in 1854, it dominated politics nationally for most of the period from 1860 to 1932. There have been 18 Republican presidents, the first being Abraham Lincoln, serving from 1861 to 1865, and the most recent being George W. Bush, serving from 2001 to 2009. The most recent Republican presidential nominee was former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney.\nThe party's platform is generally based upon American conservatism, in contrast to the Democratic Party, whose members endorse more liberal policies. American conservatism of the Republican Party is not wholly based upon rejection of the political ideology of liberalism; some principles of American conservatism are based on classical liberalism. Rather, the Republican Party's conservatism is largely based upon its support of classical principles against the social liberalism of the Democratic Party that is considered American liberalism in contemporary American political discourse.\nIn the 113th Congress, elected in 2012, the Republican Party holds a majority of seats in the United States House of Representatives and a minority of seats in the United States Senate. The party holds the majority of governorships as well as the majority of state legislatures.
/m/0l8z1	The Academy Award for Best Original Score is presented to the best substantial body of music in the form of dramatic underscoring written specifically for the film by the submitting composer.
/m/04tng0	Exodus is a 1960 epic war film made by Alpha and Carlyle Productions and distributed by United Artists. Produced and directed by Otto Preminger, the film was based on the 1958 novel Exodus, by Leon Uris. The screenplay was written by Dalton Trumbo. The film features an ensemble cast, and its celebrated soundtrack music was written by Ernest Gold.\nWidely characterized as a \"Zionist epic\", the film has been identified by many commentators as having been enormously influential in stimulating Zionism and support for Israel in the United States. Although the Preminger film softened the anti-British and anti-Arab sentiment of the novel, the film remains controversial for its depiction of the Arab-Israeli conflict, and for what some scholars perceive to be its lasting impact on American views of the regional turmoil. It would also be famous for the hiring by Preminger of screenwriter Dalton Trumbo, who was blacklisted for being a Communist: he was hired and was later sought for other scripts by other studios.\nDue to early 1960s censorship, the film also eliminated several sex scenes found in the novel.
/m/0404j37	The Hurt Locker is a 2008 American war film about a three-man Explosive Ordnance Disposal team during the Iraq War. The film was produced and directed by Kathryn Bigelow and the screenplay was written by Mark Boal, a freelance writer who was embedded as a journalist in 2004 with a U.S. Army EOD team in Iraq. It stars Jeremy Renner, Anthony Mackie, and Brian Geraghty.\nThe Hurt Locker premiered at the Venice Film Festival in Italy during 2008. After being shown at the Toronto International Film Festival, it was picked up for distribution in the United States by Summit Entertainment. In May 2009, it was the Closing Night selection for Maryland Film Festival. The film was released in the United States on June 26, 2009 but received a more widespread theatrical release on July 24, 2009.\nBecause the film was not released in the United States until 2009, it was eligible for the 82nd Academy Awards, where it was nominated for nine Academy Awards. It won six Oscars, including Best Director for Bigelow, the first woman to win this award, and Best Picture. Boal won for Best Original Screenplay. The Hurt Locker earned numerous awards and honors from critics' organizations, festivals and groups, including six BAFTA Awards. However, it received criticism by some in the military for various inaccuracies.
/m/05314s	Cagliari is a province in the autonomous island region of Sardinia in Italy. Its capital is the city of Cagliari.\nIt has an area of 4,470 km², and a total population of 543,310. There are 71 comuni in the province.
/m/0nj7b	Oakland County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2010 census, the population was 1,202,362. The county seat is Pontiac. Oakland County is part of the Detroit metropolitan area, though the city of Detroit is located in neighboring Wayne County, south of 8 Mile Road. It is among the ten highest income counties in the United States with populations over one million people. Oakland County is home to 62 cities, villages and townships. These communities range from blue-collar, inner-ring suburbs like Ferndale and Hazel Park, to affluent cities such as Birmingham, Bloomfield Hills, West Bloomfield Township, Oakland Township and Franklin. The white-collar cities of Troy, Southfield, Farmington Hills, and Auburn Hills host a rich mix of Fortune 500 companies and international firms. The cities of Royal Oak and Ferndale attract many young people to their mature, bohemian downtowns, which have many restaurants, shops and night clubs. Many places such as Waterford Township, Independence Township, and Springfield Township to name a few have a variety of businesses and incomes. Oakland County is also home to Oakland University, a large public institution that straddles the Auburn Hills and Rochester Hills border.
/m/0dwh5	Fremont is a city in Alameda County, California. It was incorporated on January 23, 1956, from the merger of five smaller communities: Centerville, Niles, Irvington, Mission San Jose, and Warm Springs. The city is named after American explorer John Charles Frémont, \"the Great Pathfinder.\"\nLocated in the southeast section of the San Francisco Bay Area in the East Bay region primarily, Fremont had a population at the 2010 census of 214,089. It is the fourth most populous city in the San Francisco Bay Area, and the largest suburb in the metropolis. It is the closest East Bay city to Silicon Valley, and is thus sometimes associated with it.\nThe area consisting of Fremont, Newark, and Union City, is now known as the Tri-City Area.
/m/049tb	The Kuomintang, officially the Kuomintang of China, or sometimes romanized as Guomindang by its Pinyin transliteration, is the ruling political party in Taiwan. The name literally means the Chinese National People's Party, but is more often translated as the Chinese Nationalist Party.\nThe predecessor of KMT, the Revolutionary Alliance, was one of the major proponents who advocated to overthrow the Qing Dynasty and establish a republic. The KMT was founded by Song Jiaoren and Sun Yat-sen shortly after the Xinhai Revolution of 1911. Sun was the provisional president but he did not have military power and ceded the first presidency to the military leader Yuan Shikai. After Yuan's death, China was divided by warlords, while the KMT was able to control only part of the south. Later led by Chiang Kai-shek, the KMT formed a military and succeeded in its Northern Expedition to unify much of China. It was the ruling party from 1928 until its retreat to Taiwan in 1949 after being defeated by the Communist Party of China during the Chinese Civil War. In Taiwan, the KMT continued as the single-ruling party until reforms in the late 1970s through the 1990s loosened its grip on power. Since 1987, the Republic of China is no longer a single-party state, but the KMT remains as one of the main political parties.
/m/0jg77	Nine Inch Nails is an American industrial rock band, founded in 1988 by Trent Reznor in Cleveland, Ohio. As its main producer, singer, songwriter, and instrumentalist, Reznor is the only official member of Nine Inch Nails and remains solely responsible for its direction. Nine Inch Nails' music straddles a wide range of genres. After recording a new album, Reznor usually assembles a live band to perform with him. The touring band features a revolving lineup that often rearranges songs to fit a live setting. On stage, Nine Inch Nails often employs visual elements to accompany performances, which frequently include light shows.\nUnderground music audiences warmly received Nine Inch Nails in its early years. Reznor produced several highly influential records in the 1990s that achieved widespread popularity: many Nine Inch Nails songs became radio hits; two Nine Inch Nails recordings have won Grammy Awards; and their entire catalog has reached record sales exceeding over 30 million albums worldwide, with 11 million sales certified in the United States alone. In 1997, Reznor appeared in Time magazine's list of the year's most influential people, and Spin magazine described him as \"the most vital artist in music.\" In 2004, Rolling Stone placed Nine Inch Nails at 94 on its list of the 100 greatest artists of all time. Despite this acclaim, the band has had several feuds with the corporate side of the recording industry. In 2007, these corporate entanglements resulted in Reznor announcing that Nine Inch Nails would split from its label and release future material independently.
/m/07th_	The University of Oslo, formerly The Royal Frederick University, is the oldest and largest university in Norway, located in the Norwegian capital of Oslo. The university is recognized as one of Northern Europe's most prestigious universities. The Academic Ranking of World Universities has ranked it the 67th best university in the world.\nThe university has approximately 27,700 students and employs around 6,000 people. Its faculties include Theology, Law, Medicine, Humanities, Mathematics, Natural Sciences, Social Sciences, Dentistry, and Education. The university's original neoclassical campus is located in the centre of Oslo; it is currently occupied by the Faculty of Law. Most of the university's other faculties are located at the newer Blindern campus in the suburban West End. The Faculty of Medicine is split between several university hospitals in the Oslo area.\nThe university was founded in 1811 and was modelled after the University of Copenhagen and the recently established University of Berlin. It was originally named for King Frederick VI of Denmark and Norway, and received its current name in 1939. The university is informally also known as Universitetet, having been the only university in Norway until 1946, and was commonly referred to as \"The Royal Frederick's\" prior to the name change.
/m/086qd	Whitney Elizabeth Houston was an American recording artist, singer, actress, producer, and model. In 2009, the Guinness World Records cited her as the most awarded female act of all time. Houston was one of the world's best-selling music artists, having sold over 200 million records worldwide. She released six studio albums, one holiday album and three movie soundtrack albums, all of which have diamond, multi-platinum, platinum or gold certification. Houston's crossover appeal on the popular music charts, as well as her prominence on MTV, starting with her video for \"How Will I Know,\" influenced several African American women artists who follow in her footsteps.\nHouston is the only artist to chart seven consecutive No. 1 Billboard Hot 100 hits. She is the second artist behind Elton John and the only woman to have two number-one Billboard 200 Album awards on the Billboard magazine year-end charts. Houston's 1985 debut album Whitney Houston became the best-selling debut album by a woman at the time of its release. Rolling Stone named it the best album of 1986, and ranked it at number 254 on the magazine's list of the 500 Greatest Albums of All Time. Her second studio album Whitney became the first album by a woman to debut at number one on the Billboard 200 albums chart.
/m/039wsf	Lee Grant is an American stage, film and television actress, and film director. She was blacklisted for 12 years from film work beginning in the mid-1950s, but worked in the theatre, and would eventually win the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her performance as Felicia Karpf in Shampoo.
/m/051x52f	Emile Kuri was a Mexican-born American set decorator of Lebanese parentage. He won two Academy Awards and was nominated for six more in the category Best Art Direction.\nHe was born in Cuernavaca, Morelos, Mexico, and died in Los Angeles, California, United States.
/m/09r94m	United 93 is a 2006 drama film written, co-produced, and directed by Paul Greengrass that chronicles events aboard United Airlines Flight 93, which was hijacked during the September 11 attacks. The film attempts to recount with as much veracity as possible and in real time what has come to be known in the United States as an iconic moment. According to the filmmakers, the film was made with the cooperation of all of the passengers' families.\nUnited 93 premiered on April 26, 2006 at the Tribeca Film Festival in New York City, a festival founded to celebrate New York City as a major film making center and to contribute towards the long-term recovery of Lower Manhattan. Several family members of the passengers aboard the flight attended the premiere to show their support.\nThe film opened nationwide in North America on April 28, 2006. Ten percent of the gross from the three-day opening weekend was promised toward a donation to create a memorial for the victims of Flight 93. United 93 grossed $31.4 million in the United States, and $76.3 million worldwide.
/m/0jjy0	Signs is a 2002 American science fiction thriller film written and directed by M. Night Shyamalan. Executive producers for the film comprised Shyamalan, Frank Marshall, Kathleen Kennedy and Sam Mercer. On August 2, 2002, the original motion picture soundtrack, which was composed by James Newton Howard, was released by the Hollywood Records label. A joint collective effort to commit to the film's production was made by Touchstone Pictures, Blinding Edge Pictures, and the Kennedy/Marshall Company. It was commercially distributed by Buena Vista Pictures theatrically, and by Touchstone Home Entertainment in home media format.\nThe story focuses on a former Episcopal priest named Graham Hess who discovers a series of crop circles in his cornfield. Hess slowly becomes convinced that the phenomena are a result of extraterrestrial life. It stars Mel Gibson, Joaquin Phoenix, Rory Culkin and Abigail Breslin. Signs explores faith, kinship and extraterrestrials.\nFollowing its premiere in theatres nationwide on August 2, 2002, the film grossed $227,966,634 in domestic ticket receipts screening at 3,453 theatres during its widest release. It earned an additional $180,281,283 in business through international release to top out at a combined $408,247,917 in gross revenue. The film was nominated for multiple awards, including those from the Online Film Critics Society and the Empire Awards. The film also won an award from the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers.
/m/040nwr	Shilpa Shetty Kundra is an Indian film actress and model. Since making her debut in the film Baazigar, she has appeared in nearly 40 Bollywood, Tamil, Telugu and Kannada films, her first leading role being in the 1994 film Aag. Her performances in Dhadkan and Rishtey were appreciated, while her portrayal of an AIDS patient in Phir Milenge won her many accolades. Her younger sister Shamita Shetty is also a Bollywood film actress.\nAfter taking part in the British Celebrity Big Brother 5 TV show in 2007, Shetty was crowned the winner with 63% of the final vote, after an international racism controversy involving her and fellow contestants Jade Goody, Jo O'Meara and Danielle Lloyd. This was followed by a re-establishment of her status in the film industry in 2007 when she appeared in two successive movies, Life in a... Metro and Apne, with her performance in the former drawing positive reviews.
/m/02_5x9	Pigface is an industrial rock supergroup formed in 1990 by Martin Atkins and William Rieflin.
/m/01_k7f	The University of Northern Colorado is a coeducational public institution of higher education in Greeley, Colorado, USA, with satellite centers in Loveland, Colorado Springs and the Lowry neighborhood of Denver. It is the fifth-largest university in the state by total enrollment, behind the University of Colorado - Boulder, Colorado State University, Metropolitan State University, and the University of Colorado - Denver.\nEstablished in 1889 as the State Normal School of Colorado, the university has a strong background in teacher education. The university offers over 100 undergraduate programs in the arts, sciences, humanities, business, human sciences, and education. Undergraduate degrees are typically four year programs and degree programs have a strong emphasis in liberal arts education. The university offers nearly 50 graduate programs primarily in education. Academic programs are distributed among six colleges.
/m/0mwq_	Fayette County is a county located in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2010 census, the population was 136,606. Its county seat is Uniontown.\nFayette County was created on September 26, 1783, from part of Westmoreland County and named after the Marquis de Lafayette. The county is part of the Pittsburgh Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/0jbyg	Arthur Ira \"Art\" Garfunkel is a Grammy Award-winning American singer, poet, and Golden Globe-nominated actor best known for being one half of the folk duo Simon & Garfunkel, along with Paul Simon.\nHighlights of his solo music career include a top 10 hit, three top 20 hits, six top 40 hits, 14 Adult Contemporary top 30 singles, five Adult Contemporary number ones, two UK number ones and a People's Choice Award. Through his solo and collaborative work, Garfunkel has earned six Grammys, including the Lifetime Achievement Award. In 1990, he and former musical partner Simon were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
/m/02s0mt	The Legislative Assembly, or lower house, is one of the two chambers of the Parliament of New South Wales, an Australian state. The other chamber is the Legislative Council. Both the Assembly and Council sit at Parliament House in the state capital, Sydney. The Assembly is presided over by the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly.\nThe Assembly has 93 members, elected by single-member constituency, which are commonly known as seats. Voting is by the optional preferential system.\nMembers of the Legislative Assembly have the acronym MP after their names. From the creation of the assembly up to about 1990, the acronym \"MLA\" was used.\nThe Assembly is often called the bearpit on the basis of the house's reputation for confrontational style during heated moments and the \"savage political theatre and the bloodlust of its professional players\" attributed in part to executive dominance.
/m/018n1k	Oshawa is a city in Ontario, Canada, on the Lake Ontario shoreline. It lies in Southern Ontario approximately 60 kilometres east of downtown Toronto. It is commonly viewed as the eastern anchor of both the Greater Toronto Area and the Golden Horseshoe. It is the largest municipality in the Regional Municipality of Durham. The name Oshawa originates from the Ojibwa term aazhaway, meaning \"the crossing place\" or just \"cross\".\nOshawa is, as of 2011, the sole \"Automotive Capital of Canada\", having shared the title with Windsor, Ontario in the past. The automobile industry, specifically the Canadian division of General Motors Company, known as General Motors Canada, has always been at the forefront of Oshawa's economy. Founded in 1876 as the McLaughlin Carriage Company, General Motors of Canada's headquarters and major assembly plants are located in the city. Until the current motto, Oshawa's previous mottos were \"The City That Motovates Canada\", and \"The City in Motion\". The lavish home of the carriage company's founder, Parkwood Estate, is a National Historic Site of Canada, and a backdrop favoured by numerous film crews, and has been featured in many movies including Studio 54, Billy Madison, Chicago, and X-Men.
/m/0vqcq	Port Huron is a city in the U.S. state of Michigan and the county seat of St. Clair County. The population was 30,184 at the 2010 census. The city is adjacent to Port Huron Township but is administratively autonomous. It is joined by the Blue Water Bridge over the St. Clair River to Point Edward, Ontario in Canada. The city lies at the southern end of Lake Huron and is the easternmost point on land in Michigan. Port Huron is home to two paper mills; Mueller brass; and many businesses related to the tourism and automotive industry. The city also features a historic downtown area, boardwalk, marina, museum, lighthouse, and the McMorran Place arena and entertainment complex.\nThe city was a recipient of the All-America City Award in 1955 and 2005.
/m/05pdbs	Al Schmitt is a recording engineer and record producer.
/m/078bz	Syracuse University, commonly referred to as Syracuse, 'Cuse, or SU, is a private research university located in Syracuse, New York. The institution's roots can be traced to the Genesee Wesleyan Seminary, founded by the Methodist Episcopal Church in Lima, New York, in 1831. Following several years of debate over relocating the college to Syracuse, the university was established in 1870, independent of the college. Since 1920, the university has identified itself as nonsectarian, although it maintains a relationship with The United Methodist Church.\nThe campus is located in the University Hill neighborhood of Syracuse, east and southeast of downtown, on one of the larger hills. Its large campus features an eclectic mix of buildings, ranging from nineteenth-century Romanesque Revival structures to contemporary buildings. SU is organized into 13 schools and colleges, with nationally recognized programs in information studies and library science, architecture, communications, business administration, sport management, public administration, engineering and the College of Arts and Sciences.\nSyracuse University athletic teams, known as the Orange, participate in 20 intercollegiate sports. SU is a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference for all NCAA Division I athletics, except for women's ice hockey, and the rowing team. SU is also a member of the Eastern College Athletic Conference.
/m/03qy3l	ATCO Records is an American record label owned by Warner Music Group, currently operating through WMG's Rhino Entertainment.
/m/019m5j	Sport Club Internacional is a Brazilian football team and multi-sport club of Porto Alegre, Rio Grande do Sul, founded on April 4, 1909. They play in red shirts and white shorts and socks, the first of which give the team its nickname of Colorado. They enjoy a traditional rivalry with the city's other big club, Grêmio - with derbies known as a \"Gre-Nal\". The team's home stadium, currently under renovation for the 2014 World Cup, is known as \"Gigante da Beira-Rio\", with a capacity of 56,000.\nThe club is one of only three teams that has competed in all the Brazilian National League's first division championships since its inception in 1971, and is one of the only five clubs to have never been relegated to the second division, along with Santos, São Paulo, Flamengo and Cruzeiro. Internacional is ranked first in Americas and sixth in the World in number of paying members, with more than 104,000. Internacional were South American champions in 2010, winning their second Copa Libertadores title. 2006 was the most successful year in Inter's history as they won the Copa Libertadores and the FIFA Club World Cup, defeating European champions FC Barcelona in the latter and South American reigning champions São Paulo FC in the former. Other international titles include the 2007 Recopa Sudamericana, the 2008 Copa Sudamericana and the 2011 Recopa Sudamericana.
/m/02ply6j	Dev Patel is a British actor, best known for playing Jamal Malik in Danny Boyle's Slumdog Millionaire, for which he won a number of awards, including a Critics' Choice Award and a Screen Actors Guild Award. Patel is also known for his role as Anwar Kharral, a British Pakistani Muslim teenager in Skins; as Sonny Kapoor in The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel; and as Neal Sampat in Aaron Sorkin's HBO show The Newsroom.
/m/0633p0	Anna Deavere Smith is an American actress, playwright, and professor. She is currently the artist-in-residence at the Center for American Progress. Smith is widely known for her roles as National Security Advisor Nancy McNally in The West Wing, and as hospital administrator Gloria Akalitus in the Showtime series Nurse Jackie. She is a recipient of The Dorothy and Lillian Gish Prize, one of the richest prizes in the American arts, with a remuneration of $300,000.
/m/0z07	American Airlines, Inc. is a major U.S. airline headquartered in Fort Worth, Texas. It operates an extensive international and domestic network, with scheduled flights throughout North America, the Caribbean, South America, Europe, and Asia. Its route network centers around five \"cornerstone\" hubs in Dallas/Fort Worth, New York, Los Angeles, Miami, and Chicago. Its primary maintenance base is located at Tulsa International Airport.\nAmerican Airlines is part of the Oneworld airline alliance, and coordinates fares, services, and scheduling with British Airways, Finnair, and Iberia in the transatlantic market and with Japan Airlines and Qantas in the transpacific market. Envoy, SkyWest, Inc., SkyWest Airlines, and ExpressJet Airlines operate regional flights for American Airlines under the American Eagle brand. Chautauqua Airlines fed the American Airlines network under the AmericanConnection brand; it will then operate flights for the American Eagle brand due to the discontinuation of the AmericanConnection brand.\nThe former parent company of American Airlines, AMR Corporation, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in November 2011, and in February 2013 announced plans to merge with US Airways Group, creating the largest airline in the world. AMR and US Airways Group completed the merger on December 9, 2013, with the new holding company American Airlines Group, Inc. being listed on NASDAQ that day, although the actual integration of the airlines under a single air operator's certificate will not be completed until a much later date. The combined airline will carry the American Airlines name and branding, and will maintain the existing US Airways hubs in Charlotte, Philadelphia, and Phoenix for a period of at least five years under the terms of a settlement with the US Department of Justice and several state attorneys-general.
/m/03llf8	Harold John \"Hal\" Smith was an American character actor and voice actor. Smith is best known as Otis Campbell, the town drunk on CBS's The Andy Griffith Show.\nSmith was also the voice of many characters on various animated cartoon shorts including the Owl in the first four original Winnie The Pooh shorts. He is also known to radio listeners as John Avery Whittaker in Adventures in Odyssey. Smith died of a heart attack in his home on January 28, 1994.
/m/019f2f	Ellen Burstyn is an American actress. Her career began in theatre during the late 1950s, and over the next decade included several films and television series.\nBurstyn's performance in the acclaimed 1971 ensemble drama The Last Picture Show brought her first Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress nomination, after which she moved from supporting to leading film and stage roles. Burstyn received a second Academy Award nomination for her lead performance in The Exorcist, and won the Academy Award for Best Actress the following year for her work in Martin Scorsese's Alice Doesn't Live Here Anymore.\nIn 1975, she won the Tony Award for her lead performance in the Broadway production of Same Time, Next Year, and received a Golden Globe Award and a fourth Academy Award nomination for her performance in the 1978 film version of the play.\nBurstyn has worked consistently in film, television and theatre since, receiving multiple awards and nominations along the way, including seven additional Golden Globe Award nominations, five Emmy Award nominations, and two more Academy Award for Best Actress nominations for her performances in the films Resurrection and Requiem for a Dream.
/m/0fbq2n	The Oregon Ducks football program is the intercollegiate football team for the University of Oregon located in the U.S. state of Oregon. The team is currently coached by Mark Helfrich and competes at the NCAA Division I level in the FBS and is a member of the PAC-12 Conference. Known as the Ducks, the team was commonly called the Webfoots until the mid-1960s, and the first football team was fielded in 1894. As a graduate of Oregon and a letterman in track, Phil Knight, who co-founded the Nike brand, donates significantly to the university's athletics programs. Oregon plays its home games at the 54,000 seat Autzen Stadium in Eugene, and its main rivals are the Oregon State Beavers and the Washington Huskies. The Ducks and Beavers historically end each regular season with the Civil War rivalry game in late November.
/m/01y9jr	Charlie's Angels is a 2000 American action comedy film directed by McG, starring Cameron Diaz, Drew Barrymore and Lucy Liu as three women working for a private investigation agency. The film is based on the television series of the same name from the late 1970s, which was adapted by screenwriters Ryan Rowe, Ed Solomon, and John August.\nCo-produced by Tall Trees Productions and Flower Films, Charlie's Angels was distributed by Columbia Pictures, and co-starred Bill Murray as Bosley, with John Forsythe reprising his role from the original TV series as the unseen Charlie's voice. Making cameo appearances are Tom Green, who dated Drew Barrymore at the time of the making of this film, and L.L. Cool J.\nThe film was followed with the 2003 sequel, Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle.
/m/0db86	Computer engineering is a discipline that integrates several fields of electrical engineering and computer science required to develop computer hardware and software. Computer engineers usually have training in electronic engineering, software design, and hardware-software integration instead of only software engineering or electronic engineering. Computer engineers are involved in many hardware and software aspects of computing, from the design of individual microprocessors, personal computers, and supercomputers, to circuit design. This field of engineering not only focuses on how computer systems themselves work, but also how they integrate into the larger picture.\nUsual tasks involving computer engineers include writing software and firmware for embedded microcontrollers, designing VLSI chips, designing analog sensors, designing mixed signal circuit boards, and designing operating systems. Computer engineers are also suited for robotics research, which relies heavily on using digital systems to control and monitor electrical systems like motors, communications, and sensors.\nIn many institutions, computer engineering students are allowed to choose areas of in-depth study in their junior and senior year, because the full breadth of knowledge used in the design and application of computers is beyond the scope of an undergraduate degree. Other institutions may require engineering students to complete one year of General Engineering before declaring computer engineering as their primary focus.
/m/01nx_8	Terrence McNally is an American playwright who has received four Tony Awards, an Emmy Award, two Guggenheim Fellowships, a Rockefeller Grant, the Lucille Lortel Award, the Hull-Warriner Award, and a citation from the American Academy of Arts and Letters.\nHe has been a member of the Council of the Dramatists Guild since 1970 and served as vice-president from 1981 to 2001. McNally was partnered to Thomas Kirdahy following a civil union ceremony in Vermont in 2003, and they subsequently married in Washington, D.C. on April 6, 2010.
/m/01_k71	Harold Arlen was an American composer of popular music, having written over 500 songs, a number of which have become known worldwide. In addition to composing the songs for The Wizard of Oz, including the classic 1938 song, \"Over the Rainbow,” Arlen is a highly regarded contributor to the Great American Songbook. \"Over the Rainbow\" was voted the twentieth century's No. 1 song by the Recording Industry Association of America and the National Endowment for the Arts.
/m/0yxf4	Hope and Glory is a 1987 British comedy-drama-war film, written, produced and directed by John Boorman, and based on his own experiences of growing up in the Blitz in London during World War II. The title is derived from the traditional British patriotic song \"Land of Hope and Glory\". The film was distributed by Columbia Pictures.
/m/02sqkh	Law & Order: Criminal Intent is an American police procedural television drama series set in New York City, where it was also primarily produced. Created and produced by Dick Wolf and René Balcer, the series premiered on September 30, 2001, as the second spin-off of Wolf's successful crime drama Law & Order. Criminal Intent focuses on the investigations of the Major Case Squad in a fictionalized version of the New York City Police Department set in New York City's One Police Plaza. In the style of the original Law & Order, episodes are often \"ripped from the headlines\" or loosely based on a real crime that received media attention.\nThe series aired on NBC for the first six seasons but was moved to the NBCUniversal-owned USA Network starting with the seventh season to share costs and due to declining ratings. Episodes continue to rerun on NBC. The tenth and final season premiered on Sunday, May 1, 2011, at 9 P.M. EDT with original cast members Vincent D'Onofrio and Kathryn Erbe starring as Detectives Robert Goren and Alexandra Eames, respectively, and featuring Jay O. Sanders as Captain Joseph Hannah. The series ended on June 26, 2011, after 10 seasons comprising 195 episodes.
/m/07fb8_	Super 35 is a motion picture film format that uses exactly the same film stock as standard 35 mm film, but puts a larger image frame on that stock by using the negative space normally reserved for the optical analog sound track.\nSuper 35 was revived from a similar Superscope variant known as Superscope 235 which was originally developed by the Tushinsky Brothers for RKO in 1954. When cameraman Joe Dunton was preparing to shoot Dance Craze in 1982, he chose to revive the Superscope format by using a full silent-standard gate and slightly optically recentering the lens port. These two characteristics are central to the format. It was adopted by Hollywood starting with Greystoke in 1984, under the format name Super Techniscope. Later, as other camera rental houses and labs started to embrace the format, Super 35 became popular in the mid-1990s, and is now considered a ubiquitous production process, with usage on well over a thousand feature films. It is often the standard production format for television shows, music videos, and commercials. Since none of these require a release print, it is unnecessary to reserve space for an optical soundtrack. James Cameron was an early, consistent, and vocal supporter of the format, first using it for The Abyss. It also received much early publicity for making the cockpit shots in Top Gun possible, since it was otherwise impossible to fit 35 mm cameras with large anamorphic lenses into the small free space in the cockpit.
/m/04w4s	Moldova, officially the Republic of Moldova is a landlocked country in Eastern Europe located between Romania to the west and Ukraine to the north, east, and south. The capital city is Chișinău.\nMoldova declared itself an independent state with the same boundaries as the Moldavian Soviet Socialist Republic in 1991 as part of the dissolution of the Soviet Union. On July 29, 1994, the new constitution of Moldova was adopted. A strip of Moldova's internationally recognised territory on the east bank of the river Dniester has been under the de facto control of the breakaway government of Transnistria since 1990.\nSince the collapse of the Soviet Union, the relative weight of the service sector in the economy of Moldova started to grow and began to dominate the GDP, as a result of decrease in industry and agriculture. However, Moldova remains the poorest country in Europe.\nThe country is a parliamentary republic with a president as head of state and a prime minister as head of government. Moldova is a member state of the United Nations, Council of Europe, WTO, OSCE, GUAM, CIS, BSEC and other international organizations. Moldova currently aspires to join the European Union, and has implemented the first three-year Action Plan within the framework of the European Neighbourhood Policy.
/m/01dc0c	Seven is a 1995 American detective-psychological thriller film written by Andrew Kevin Walker and directed by David Fincher. The film stars Brad Pitt and Morgan Freeman, with Gwyneth Paltrow, R. Lee Ermey, John C. McGinley, and Kevin Spacey in supporting roles.\nThe newly transferred David Mills and the soon-to-retire William Somerset are homicide detectives who become deeply involved in the case of a sadistic serial killer whose meticulously planned murders correspond to the seven deadly sins: gluttony, greed, sloth, wrath, pride, lust, and envy.\nThe film was released in the United States on September 22, 1995. Grossing $327 million at the box office internationally, Seven was a commercial success, and received positive reviews.
/m/09glnr	Tennis Borussia Berlin is a German football club based in Berlin–Westend.
/m/0jsg0m	Peter Tork is an American musician and actor, best known as the keyboardist and bass guitarist of The Monkees.
/m/01k9gb	Esophageal cancer is malignancy of the esophagus. There are various subtypes, primarily squamous cell cancer and adenocarcinoma. Squamous cell cancer arises from the cells that line the upper part of the esophagus. Adenocarcinoma arises from glandular cells that are present at the junction of the esophagus and stomach.\nEsophageal tumors usually lead to dysphagia, pain and other symptoms, and are diagnosed with biopsy. Small and localized tumors are treated surgically with curative intent. Larger tumors tend not to be operable and hence are treated with palliative care; their growth can still be delayed with chemotherapy, radiotherapy or a combination of the two. In some cases chemo- and radiotherapy can render these larger tumors operable. Prognosis depends on the extent of the disease and other medical problems, but is generally fairly poor.
/m/021r6w	Edward Dmytryk was a Canadian-born American film director known around the World War II-era for his film noirs, receiving a nomination for Best Director Oscar for Crossfire.\nIn 1947 he was named as one of the Hollywood Ten, a group of blacklisted film industry professionals who refused to testify to the House Un-American Activities Committee in their investigation during the McCarthy-era 'Red scare'. They served time in prison for being in contempt of Congress. In 1951 Dmytryk did testify to HUAC, and rehabilitated his career.\nFirst hired again by independent producer Stanley Kramer in 1952, Dmytryk is likely best known for directing his The Caine Mutiny, a critical and commercial success. The second highest-grossing film of the year, it was nominated for Best Picture and several other awards at the 1955 Oscars. Dmytryk was nominated for a Directors Guild Award for Outstanding Directorial Achievement in Motion Pictures.
/m/0bt4r4	Paul Bevan Lieberstein is an American screenwriter, actor and television producer. A Primetime Emmy Award winner, he is known as a writer, producer, and as supporting cast member Toby Flenderson on the U.S. version of the sitcom The Office. He served as the series' showrunner from seasons five to eight. On March 22, 2012, it was announced that Lieberstein would step down from his showrunner role to focus on a planned spin-off series featuring Rainn Wilson as Dwight Schrute, which was tentatively called \"The Farm\" and Lieberstein was set to be the showrunner. However, in October 2012, it was announced that NBC was not accepting the spin-off series.
/m/01p5_g	A pin-up girl, also known as a pin-up model, is a model whose mass-produced pictures see wide appeal as popular culture. Pin-ups are intended for informal display, e.g. meant to be \"pinned-up\" on a wall. Pin-up girls may be glamour models, fashion models, or actresses.\nThese pictures are also known as cheesecake photos.\nThe term pin-up may also refer to drawings, paintings, and other illustrations done in emulation of these photos. The term was first attested to in English in 1941; however, the practice is documented back at least to the 1890s.\nThe pin-up images could be cut out of magazines or newspapers, or be from postcard or chromo-lithographs, and so on. Such photos often appear on calendars, which are meant to be pinned up anyway. Later, posters of pin-up girls were mass-produced and became an instant hit. As social standards changed, male subjects also began to be featured in pin-ups.
/m/09jd9	Diana Wynne Jones was an English writer, principally of fantasy novels for children and adults, as well as a small amount of non-fiction. Some of her better-known works are the Chrestomanci series, the Dalemark series; the novels Howl's Moving Castle and Dark Lord of Derkholm; and The Tough Guide to Fantasyland.
/m/061_f	The pear is any of several tree and shrub species of genus Pyrus, in the family Rosaceae. It is also the name of the pomaceous fruit of these trees. Several species of pear are valued for their edible fruit, while others are cultivated as ornamental trees. The genus Pyrus is classified in subtribe Pyrinae within tribe Pyreae.
/m/05z7c	Psycho is a 1960 Psychological thriller and horror film written by Joseph Stefano and directed by Alfred Hitchcock.
/m/09_b4	Freestyle skiing is a form of skiing which originally encompassed three disciplines: aerials, moguls, and ski ballet. Today, freestyle skiing consists of aerials, moguls, ski cross, ski half-pipe and slopestyle as part of the Olympics.\nFreestyle skiing first began to be contested seriously in the 1960s and early 1970s, when it was often known as \"hot-dogging.\" Bob Burns, who later went on to create The Ski brand skis, pioneered this style in Sun Valley, Idaho, beginning in 1965.\nIn the late 1960s other followers of the style included Wayne Wong, Flying Eddie Ferguson, Chico and Cokie Schuler and their mentor Chris Flanagan also, Roger Evans, John Clendenin, Hermann Goellner and Tom Leroy. Some people thought that this style of skiing was too dangerous and did not want it to be an Olympic sport. The free-form sport had few rules and was not without danger; knee injuries became a common phenomenon for professional freestylers.\nThe International Ski Federation recognized freestyle as a sport in 1979 and brought in new regulations regarding certification of athletes and jump techniques in an effort to curb the dangerous elements of the competitions. The first World Cup series was staged in 1980 and the first World Championships took place in 1986 in Tignes, France. Freestyle skiing was a demonstration event at the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary. Mogul skiing was added as an official medal event at the 1992 Winter Olympics in Albertville, and the aerials event was added for the 1994 Winter Olympics in Lillehammer.
/m/0ngg	Augustus was the founder of the Roman Empire and its first Emperor, ruling from 27 BC until his death in 14 AD.\nBorn Gaius Octavius into an old and wealthy equestrian branch of the plebeian Octavii family, in 44 BC he was adopted posthumously by his maternal great-uncle Gaius Julius Caesar following Caesar's assassination. Together with Mark Antony and Marcus Lepidus, he formed the Second Triumvirate to defeat the assassins of Caesar. Following their victory at Phillipi, the Triumvirate divided the Roman Republic among themselves and ruled as military dictators. The Triumvirate was eventually torn apart under the competing ambitions of its members: Lepidus was driven into exile and stripped of his position, and Antony committed suicide following his defeat at the Battle of Actium by Augustus in 31 BC.\nAfter the demise of the Second Triumvirate, Augustus restored the outward facade of the free Republic, with governmental power vested in the Roman Senate, the executive magistrates, and the legislative assemblies. In reality, however, he retained his autocratic power over the Republic as a military dictator. By law, Augustus held a collection of powers granted to him for life by the Senate, including supreme military command, and those of tribune and censor. It took several years for Augustus to develop the framework within which a formally republican state could be led under his sole rule. He rejected monarchical titles, and instead called himself Princeps Civitatis. The resulting constitutional framework became known as the Principate, the first phase of the Roman Empire.
/m/02z6fs	The University of Madras is a public state university located in Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India. It is one of the three oldest universities in India. The university was incorporated on 5 September 1857 by an act of the Legislative Council of India.\nThe university is situated in the southern city of Chennai. It is a collegiate university and has six campuses in the city Chepauk, Marina, Guindy, Taramani, Maduravoyal and Chetpet. It has more than 50 departments.\nThe National Assessment and Accreditation Council has conferred Five Star Status to the university and it has been given the status of \"University with Potential for Excellence\" by the University Grants Commission.
/m/02sjgpq	The California Institute of Technology is a private research university located in Pasadena, California, United States. Caltech has six academic divisions with strong emphases on science and engineering. Its 124-acre primary campus is located approximately 11 mi northeast of downtown Los Angeles.\nAlthough founded as a preparatory and vocational school by Amos G. Throop in 1891, the college attracted influential scientists such as George Ellery Hale, Arthur Amos Noyes, and Robert Andrews Millikan in the early 20th century. The vocational and preparatory schools were disbanded and spun off in 1910, and the college assumed its present name in 1921. In 1934, Caltech was elected to the Association of American Universities, and the antecedents of NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, which Caltech continues to manage and operate, were established between 1936 and 1943 under Theodore von Kármán. The university is one among a small group of Institutes of Technology in the United States which tends to be primarily devoted to the instruction of technical arts and applied sciences.\nDespite its small size, 32 Caltech alumni and faculty have won a total of 33 Nobel Prizes and 70 have won the United States National Medal of Science or Technology. There are 112 faculty members who have been elected to the National Academies. In addition, numerous faculty members are associated with the Howard Hughes Medical Institute as well as NASA. Caltech managed $332 million in 2011 in sponsored research and $1.85 billion for its endowment in 2013. It also has a long standing rivalry with the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
/m/012v8	Albanian is an Indo-European language spoken by approximately 7.4 million people, primarily in Albania, Kosovo, the Republic of Macedonia and Bulgaria but also in other areas of the Balkans in which there is an Albanian population, including Montenegro, Greece, and Italy. Centuries-old communities speaking Albanian-based dialects can be found scattered in Greece, southern Italy, Sicily, and Ukraine. As a result of a modern diaspora, there are also Albanian speakers elsewhere in those countries and in other parts of the world, including Scandinavia, Switzerland, Germany, Austria and Hungary, United Kingdom, Turkey, Australia, New Zealand, Netherlands, Singapore, Brazil, Canada, and the United States.\nThe earliest written document that mentions the Albanian language is a late-13th-century crime report from Dubrovnik. The first audio recording of the Albanian language was made by Norbert Jokl on 4 April 1914 in Vienna.
/m/06506j	Super Smash Bros. Brawl, known in Japan as Dairantō Smash Brothers X, is the third installment in the Super Smash Bros. series of crossover fighting games, developed by an ad hoc development team consisting of Sora, Game Arts and staff from other developers, and published by Nintendo for the Wii video game console. Brawl was announced at a pre-E3 2005 press conference by Nintendo president and Chief Executive Officer Satoru Iwata. Masahiro Sakurai, director of the previous two games in the series, assumed the role of director for the third installment at the request of Iwata. Game development began in October 2005 with a creative team that included members from several Nintendo and third party development teams. After delays due to development problems, the game was finally released on January 31, 2008 in Japan, March 9, 2008 in North America, June 26, 2008 in Australia and June 27, 2008 in Europe. Twenty-seven months after its original Japanese release, the game was released in Korea, on April 29, 2010.\nThe number of playable characters that players can control in Brawl has grown from that in Super Smash Bros. Melee; Brawl is the first game in the series to expand past Nintendo characters and allow players to control third-party characters. Like its predecessors, the object of Brawl is to knock an opponent off the screen. It is a departure from traditional fighting games, notably in its simplified move commands and emphasis on ring outs over knockouts. It includes a more extensive single-player mode than its predecessors, known as The Subspace Emissary. This mode is a plot-driven, side-scrolling beat 'em up featuring computer-generated cut scenes and playable characters from the game. Brawl also supports multiplayer battles with up to four combatants, and is the first game of its franchise to feature online battles via the Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection. The game can also be uniquely played on four controllers, which include the Classic Controller, GameCube Controller, Wii Remote and Nunchuk and Wii Remote, simultaneously.
/m/0l2l3	Mono County is a county located in the east central portion of the U.S. state of California, to the east of the Sierra Nevada between Yosemite National Park and Nevada. As of the 2010 census, the population was 14,202, up from 12,853 at the 2000 census. The county seat is Bridgeport.\nThe only incorporated town in the county is Mammoth Lakes, which is located at the foot of Mammoth Mountain. Other locations, such as June Lake, are also famous as skiing and fishing resorts. Located in the middle of the county is Mono Lake, a vital habitat for millions of migratory and nesting birds. The lake is located in a wild natural setting, with pinnacles of tufa arising out of the salty and alkaline lake.\nAlso located in Mono County is Bodie, the official state gold rush ghost town, which is now a California State Historic Park.
/m/03cbtlj	Andrew Schneider is an American screenwriter and television producer, whose credits include writing for The Sopranos, Northern Exposure, and Alien Nation. He frequently co-writes episodes with his wife, Diane Frolov. In 1992 Schneider won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing for a Drama Series for his work on the Northern Exposure episode \"Seoul Mates\". The award was shared with Frolov as they co-wrote the episode. Schneider was nominated for a Writers Guild of America Award for best dramatic series at the February 2008 ceremony for his work on the sixth season of The Sopranos.
/m/02_fm2	Treasure Planet is a 2002 American animated science fiction film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios, and released by Walt Disney Pictures on November 27, 2002. It is the 43rd animated feature in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series. The film is a science fiction adaptation of Robert Louis Stevenson's adventure novel Treasure Island and was the first film to be released simultaneously in regular and IMAX theaters. The film employs a novel technique of hand-drawn 2D traditional animation set atop 3D computer animation.\nThe film was co-written, co-produced and directed by Ron Clements and John Musker, who had pitched the concept for the film at the same time that they pitched The Little Mermaid. Treasure Planet features the voices of Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Brian Murray, David Hyde Pierce, Martin Short, Roscoe Lee Browne, Emma Thompson, Laurie Metcalf, and Patrick McGoohan. The musical score was composed by James Newton Howard, while the songs were written and performed by John Rzeznik. Despite positive critical reception, the film performed poorly in the United States box office, costing $140 million to create while earning $38 million in the United States and Canada and just shy of $110 million worldwide. It was nominated for the 2002 Academy Award for Best Animated Feature.
/m/04jjy	A lesbian is a female who expresses romantic or sexual attraction to other females, whether primarily or exclusively, or a female who self-identifies as lesbian. The term is also used as a noun, to refer to girls or women who are characterized by others as having the primary attribute of female homosexuality, or as an adjective, to describe characteristics of an object or activity related to female same-sex attraction.\nThe concept of \"lesbian,\" to differentiate women with a shared sexual orientation, is a 20th-century construct. Throughout history, women have not had the same freedom or independence to pursue homosexual relationships as men, but neither have they met the same harsh punishment as homosexual men in some societies. Instead, lesbian relationships have often been regarded as harmless and incomparable to heterosexual ones unless the participants attempted to assert privileges traditionally enjoyed by men. As a result, little in history has been documented to give an accurate description of how female homosexuality has been expressed. When early sexologists in the late 19th century began to categorize and describe homosexual behavior, hampered by a lack of knowledge about the female homosexuality or women's sexuality, they distinguished lesbians as women who did not adhere to female gender roles and incorrectly designated them mentally ill—a designation which has been reversed in the global scientific community.
/m/011ykb	Jerry Maguire is a 1996 American comedy-drama sports film starring Tom Cruise, Cuba Gooding, Jr., and Renée Zellweger. It was written, co-produced, and directed by Cameron Crowe. The film was inspired by sports agent Leigh Steinberg, who acted as Technical Consultant on the crew. It was released in North American theaters on December 13, 1996, distributed by Gracie Films and TriStar Pictures.\nThe film received very positive reviews, praising the performances of Tom Cruise, Cuba Gooding, Jr. and Renee Zellweger and the screenplay. The film was a financial success, bringing in more than $270 million worldwide, against its $50 million budget. It was the ninth top-grossing film of 1996.\nThe film was nominated for five Academy Awards, including Best Picture. For his portrayal as Rod Tidwell, Cuba Gooding, Jr. won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor and a Screen Actors Guild Award. Tom Cruise won a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy for his performance as Jerry Maguire, while being nominated for Best Actor in a Leading Role at the Academy Awards.\nThe film also received nominations for Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor – Motion Picture for Gooding, Jr. and the film itself was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy.
/m/0d8h4	Nord-Pas de Calais, Nord for short, is one of the 27 regions of France. It consists of the departments of Nord and Pas-de-Calais, in the north and has a border with Belgium, and west with the UK. Most of the region was once part of the Southern Netherlands, within the Low Countries, and gradually became part of France between 1477 and 1678. The historical provinces now included in Nord-Pas-de-Calais are Artois, Boulonnais, Calaisis, Cambraisis, French Flanders, French Hainaut and portions of northern Picardy, and the regional nickname Bassin Minier or Meiners-Bassen derived from historically large mining deposits. These provincial designations are still frequently used by the inhabitants, which offers a sense of civic pride.\nWith its 330.8 people per km² on just over 12,414 km², it is a densely populated region, having some 4.1 million inhabitants—seven percent of France's total population, making it the fourth most populous region in the country—83% of whom live in urban communities. Its administrative centre and largest city is Lille. The second largest city is Calais, which serves as a major continental economic/transportation hub with Dover of Great Britain 42 kilometres away; the White Cliffs of Dover are visible from Calais on a clear day. Other major towns include Valenciennes, Lens, Douai, Béthune, Dunkirk, Maubeuge, Boulogne, Arras, Cambrai and Saint-Omer.
/m/0jryt	Pasco County is a county located in the U.S. state of Florida. Its 2010 population was 464,697. Its county seat is Dade City and its largest city is New Port Richey. Pasco, together with Hernando, Hillsborough, and Pinellas counties comprise the Tampa-St.Petersburg-Clearwater Metropolitan Statistical Area, and along with various combinations of Manatee and Sarasota counties further south, Citrus County to the north, and Polk County to the east is often referred to as the Tampa Bay Area. As of 2005, Pasco was the 38th fastest growing county in the country.\nThe county is named for Samuel Pasco. It includes numerous parks and trails including along rivers, the Gulf of Mexico, lakes, and highway/ railroad right of ways. Several nudist resorts are located in Pasco. West Pasco includes retirement areas, commercial fishing, and suburbs of Tampa. East Pasco is transitioning from forested and agricultural areas to suburban developments. The Suncoast Highway and U.S. 275 both pass through Pasco. Pasco is one of the whitest counties in Florida.
/m/0d1t3	Dressage is a competitive equestrian sport, defined by the International Equestrian Federation as \"the highest expression of horse training\", where \"horse and rider are expected to perform from memory a series of predetermined movements.\" Competitions are held at all levels from amateur to the World Equestrian Games. Its fundamental purpose is to develop, through standardized progressive training methods, a horse's natural athletic ability and willingness to perform, thereby maximizing its potential as a riding horse. At the peak of a dressage horse's gymnastic development, the horse will respond smoothly to a skilled rider's minimal aids. The rider will be relaxed and appear effort-free while the horse willingly performs the requested movement. Dressage is occasionally referred to as \"Horse Ballet.\" Although the discipline has ancient roots in Europe, dressage was first recognized as an important equestrian pursuit during the Renaissance. The great European riding masters of that period developed a sequential training system that has changed little since then. Classical dressage is still considered the basis of modern dressage.
/m/02ld6x	Wesley Wales \"Wes\" Anderson is an American film director and screenwriter. His films are known for their distinctive visual and narrative style.\nHe was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay for The Royal Tenenbaums in 2001 and Moonrise Kingdom in 2012, and for the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature for Fantastic Mr. Fox in 2009.
/m/06ch55	Jazz piano is a collective term for the techniques pianists use when playing jazz. The piano has been an integral part of the jazz idiom since its inception, in both solo and ensemble settings. Its role is multifaceted due largely to the instrument's combined melodic and harmonic capabilities. For this reason it is an important tool of jazz musicians and composers for teaching and learning jazz theory and set arrangement, regardless of their main instrument.\nAlong with the guitar, vibraphone, and other keyboard instruments, the piano is one of the instruments in a jazz combo that can play both single notes and chords rather than only single notes as does the saxophone or trumpet.
/m/01lqm	Khmer, or Cambodian, is the language of the Khmer people and the official language of Cambodia. With approximately 16 million speakers, it is the second most widely spoken Austroasiatic language. Khmer has been considerably influenced by Sanskrit and Pali, especially in the royal and religious registers, through the vehicles of Hinduism and Buddhism. It is also the earliest recorded and earliest written language of the Mon–Khmer family, predating Mon and by a significant margin Vietnamese. The Khmer language has influenced, and also been influenced by, Thai, Lao, Vietnamese, Chinese and Cham, all of which, due to geographical proximity and long-term cultural contact, form a sprachbund in peninsular Southeast Asia.\nKhmer is primarily an analytic, isolating language. There are no inflections, conjugations or case endings. Instead, particles and auxiliary words are used to indicate grammatical relationships. General word order is subject–verb–object. Many words conform to the typical Mon–Khmer pattern of a \"main\" syllable preceded by a minor syllable.\nThe Khmer language is written with an abugida known in Khmer as អក្សរខ្មែរ, \"Khmer script\". Khmer differs from neighboring languages such as Thai, Burmese, Lao and Vietnamese in that it is not a tonal language.
/m/02bf2s	James Nathaniel \"Jim\" Brown is an American former professional football player and actor. He is best known for his exceptional and record-setting nine-year career as a running back for the NFL Cleveland Browns from 1957 to 1965. In 2002, he was named by Sporting News as the greatest professional football player ever. He is widely considered to be one of the greatest professional athletes in the history of the United States.
/m/0207wx	Isadore \"Dore\" Schary was an American motion picture director, writer, and producer, and playwright who became head of production at Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and eventually president of the studio.
/m/049rl0	BBC News is an operational business division of the British Broadcasting Corporation responsible for the gathering and broadcasting of news and current affairs. The department is the world's largest broadcast news organisation and generates about 120 hours of radio and television output each day, as well as online news coverage. The service maintains 44 foreign news bureaux and has correspondents in almost every country. James Harding, a former editor of The Times newspaper, was named on 16 April 2013 as Director of News and Current Affairs.\nThe department's annual budget is £350 million; it has 3,500 staff, 2,000 of whom are journalists. Through the BBC English Regions, BBC News has regional centres across England as well as national news centres in Northern Ireland, Scotland, and Wales. All regions and nations produce their own local news programmes and other current affairs and sport programmes.\nRadio and television operations are currently broadcast from the newly refurbished Broadcasting House, with all domestic, global, and online news divisions housed in Europe's largest live newsroom inside the building. Parliamentary coverage is produced and broadcast from studios in Millbank in London.
/m/03d17dg	The fourth season of the television comedy series Arrested Development premiered on Netflix on May 26, 2013 and consists of 15 episodes. This season serves as a revival to the series after it was canceled by Fox in 2006.\nThe show's storyline centers on the Bluth family, a formerly wealthy, habitually dysfunctional family, and the show incorporates hand-held camera work, narration, archival photos, and historical footage.\nEach episode of the season occurs over approximately the same stretch of time, but focuses on a different character. Information on events depicted in a given episode is often partial and filled in by later episodes.
/m/0jxgx	Pinellas County is a county located in the U.S. state of Florida. Its 2012 population was 921,319. Its county seat is Clearwater and its largest city is St. Petersburg. Pinellas, together with Hillsborough, Hernando, and Pasco counties form the Tampa-St.Petersburg-Clearwater Metropolitan Statistical Area, and along with various combinations of Manatee and Sarasota counties to the south, Citrus County to the north, and Polk County to the east is often referred to as the Tampa Bay Area.
/m/01wjrn	John Christopher McGinley is an American actor. He is most notable for his roles as Perry Cox in Scrubs, Bob Slydell in Office Space, Captain Hendrix in the The Rock, Sergeant Red O'Neill in Oliver Stone's Platoon and Marv in Stone's Wall Street. He has also written and produced for television and film. Apart from acting, McGinley is also an author and a spokesperson for the National Down Syndrome Society.
/m/02txdf	The University of Akron is a public research university located in Akron, Ohio, United States. The university is part of the University System of Ohio and is regarded as a world leader in polymer research. As a STEM-focused institution, it focuses on industries such as polymers, advanced materials, and engineering. In the last decade it has sought to increase its research portfolio and gain recognition for its productivity in technology transfer and commercialization.\nThe University of Akron offers about 200 undergraduate and more than 100 graduate majors. With an enrollment of approximately 27,000 students from throughout Ohio, the United States, and 71 foreign countries, The University of Akron is one of the largest principal campuses in Ohio. The University's best-known program is its College of Polymer Science and Polymer Engineering, which is located in a 12-story reflective glass building that overlooks the western edge of the campus. UA’s Archives of the History of American Psychology, an affiliate of the Smithsonian Institution, contains famous psychology artifacts and is visited regularly by researchers from around the world.\nThe university has multiple branch campuses, Wayne College in Orrville, Ohio, the Medina County University Center, located in Lafayette Township, Ohio, and UA Lakewood, located in Lakewood, Ohio. In addition, the University hosts various nursing programs in affiliation with Lorain County Community College under the University Partnership program.
/m/02qk3fk	P.S. I Love You is a 2007 American drama film directed by Richard LaGravenese. The screenplay by LaGravenese and Steven Rogers is based on the 2004 novel of the same name by Cecelia Ahern. The film is dedicated to the memory of producer Molly Smith's sister Windland Smith Rice.
/m/053vcrp	Hugh Hunt was an American set decorator. He won two Academy Awards and was nominated for eleven more in the category Best Art Direction.
/m/06fksb	The National Football League Most Valuable Player Award is an award given by various entities to the American football offensive player who is considered most valuable to his team in the National Football League.
/m/01v1vp	Craven is a local government district of North Yorkshire, England centred on the market town of Skipton. In 1974, Craven district was formed as the merger of Skipton urban district, Settle Rural District and most of Skipton Rural District, all in the West Riding of Yorkshire. It comprises the upper reaches of Airedale, Wharfedale, Ribblesdale, and includes most of the Aire Gap and Craven Basin.\nThe name Craven is much older than the modern district, and encompassed a larger area. This history is also reflected in the way the term is still commonly used, for example by the Church of England.
/m/0g8rj	The University of Virginia is a public research university in Charlottesville, Virginia, United States. It was conceived and designed by U.S. President Thomas Jefferson, and established in 1819. UVA's initial Board of Visitors included former Presidents of the United States Thomas Jefferson, James Madison, and James Monroe. Monroe owned the initial site of the University, which was mostly farmland. His law office and farmhouse are now the site of Brown College at Monroe Hill, a residential college at UVA.\nUVA is one of the eight original Public Ivy universities, and it is the only university campus in the United States that is designated a World Heritage Site by UNESCO. In the 2013 edition of U.S. News & World Report's National University Rankings, the school was listed as America's 2nd best public university, tied with UCLA and surpassed only by UC Berkeley.
/m/03rzvv	Romantic fantasy is a subgenre of fantasy fiction, describing a fantasy story using many of the elements and conventions of the romance genre.\nOne of the key features of romantic fantasy involves the focus on relationships, social, political, and romantic. Romantic fantasy has been published by both fantasy lines and romance lines.\nSome publishers distinguish between \"romantic fantasy\" where the romance is most important and \"fantasy romance\" where the fantasy elements are most important. Others say that \"the borderline between fantasy romance and romantic fantasy has essentially ceased to exist, or if it's still there, it's moving back and forth constantly\".
/m/0d19y2	Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome is syndrome resulting from the acquired deficiency of cellular immunity caused by the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV).  It is characterized by the reduction of the Helper T-lymphocytes in the peripheral blood and the lymph nodes.  Symptoms include generalized lymphadenopathy, fever, weight loss, and chronic diarrhea.  Patients with AIDS are especially susceptible to opportunistic infections (usually pneumocystis carinii pneumonia, cytomegalovirus (CMV) infections, tuberculosis, candida infections, and cryptococcosis), and the development of malignant neoplasms (usually non-Hodgkin's lymphoma and Kaposi's sarcoma).  The human immunodeficiency virus is transmitted through sexual contact, sharing of contaminated needles, or transfusion of contaminated blood.
/m/05sy2k_	The Vampire Diaries is a supernatural drama television series developed by Kevin Williamson and Julie Plec, based on the book series of the same name written by L. J. Smith. The series premiered on The CW on September 10, 2009.\nThe series takes place in Mystic Falls, Virginia, a fictional small town haunted by supernatural beings. The series narrative follows the protagonist Elena Gilbert as she falls in love with vampire Stefan Salvatore and is drawn into the supernatural world as a result. As the series progresses, Elena finds herself drawn to Stefan's brother Damon Salvatore resulting in a love triangle. As the narrative develops in the course of the series, the focal point shifts on the mysterious past of the town involving Elena's malevolent doppelgänger Katerina Petrova. Ironically, Katerina was the love of both Damon and Stefan Salvatore many years ago. Her return, along with the family of Original Vampires, have all led to many plots against Elena and Mystic Falls.\nThe pilot episode attracted the largest audience of any series premiere since the network began in 2006. The first season averaged 3.60 million viewers and following seasons have maintained an audience of over 2 million viewers. It remains the most-watched series on the network. The series initially received mixed reviews, but critics agreed as the first season progressed that the show improved. Subsequent seasons have premiered to more positive critical reception. The show has received numerous award nominations, winning four People's Choice Award and many Teen Choice Awards.
/m/0d1tm	Eventing is an equestrian event where a single horse and rider combination compete against other combinations across the three disciplines of dressage, cross-country, and show jumping. This event has its roots in a comprehensive cavalry test requiring mastery of several types of riding. The competition may be run as a one-day event, where all three events are completed in one day or a three-day event, which is more commonly now run over four days, with dressage on the first two days followed by cross country the next day and then show jumping in reverse order on the final day. Eventing was previously known as Combined Training, and the name persists in many smaller organizations. The term \"Combined Training\" is sometimes confused with the term \"Combined Test\" which refers to a combination of just two of the phases, most commonly dressage and show jumping.
/m/06mv6	Star Trek is an American science fiction entertainment franchise created by Gene Roddenberry and currently under the ownership of CBS and Paramount. Star Trek: The Original Series and its live action TV spin-off shows, Star Trek: The Next Generation, Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, Star Trek: Voyager and Star Trek: Enterprise as well as the Star Trek film series make up the main canon, while Star Trek: The Animated Series as well as the expansive library of Star Trek novels and comics are part of the franchise, but are generally considered non-canon.\nThe first series, now referred to as \"The Original Series\", debuted in 1966 and ran for three seasons on NBC. It followed the interstellar adventures of James T. Kirk and the crew of the Starship Enterprise, an exploration vessel of a 23rd-century galactic \"United Federation of Planets\". In creating the first \"Star Trek\", Roddenberry was inspired by Westerns such as Wagon Train, along with the Horatio Hornblower novels and Gulliver's Travels. These adventures continued in the short-lived Star Trek: The Animated Series and six feature films. Four spin-off television series were eventually produced: Star Trek: The Next Generation, followed the crew of a new Starship Enterprise set a century after the original series; Star Trek: Deep Space Nine and Star Trek: Voyager, set contemporaneously with The Next Generation; and Star Trek: Enterprise, set before the original series, in the early days of human interstellar travel. Four additional The Next Generation feature films were produced. In 2009, the film franchise underwent a relaunch with a prequel to the original series set in an alternate timeline titled simply Star Trek. This film featured a new cast portraying younger versions of the crew from the original Enterprise. A sequel to this film, Star Trek Into Darkness, premiered on May 16, 2013.
/m/0f4_2k	Angels & Demons is a 2009 American mystery thriller directed by Ron Howard and based on Dan Brown's novel by the same name. As a film it is the sequel to the 2006 film, The Da Vinci Code, also directed by Ron Howard. The novel was published first and The Da Vinci Code followed it. Filming of Angels & Demons took place in Rome, Italy, and the Sony Pictures Studios in Culver City, California.\nTom Hanks returns to play the lead role — Robert Langdon — as do producer Brian Grazer, composer Hans Zimmer and screenwriter Akiva Goldsman.
/m/01vswwx	Paul David Hewson KBE, known by his stage name Bono, is an Irish singer-songwriter, musician, venture capitalist, businessman, and philanthropist. He is best recognized as the frontman of the Dublin-based rock band U2. Bono was born and raised in Dublin, Ireland, and attended Mount Temple Comprehensive School where he met his future wife, Alison Stewart, and the future members of U2. Bono writes almost all U2 lyrics, frequently using religious, social, and political themes. During U2's early years, Bono's lyrics contributed to their rebellious and spiritual tone. As the band matured, his lyrics became inspired more by personal experiences shared with the other members.\nOutside the band, he has collaborated and recorded with numerous artists, is managing director and a managing partner of Elevation Partners, and has refurbished and owns The Clarence Hotel in Dublin with The Edge. Bono is also widely known for his activism concerning Africa, for which he co-founded DATA, EDUN, the ONE Campaign and Product Red. He has organised and played in several benefit concerts and has met with influential politicians. Bono has been praised and criticised for his activism and involvement with U2. He has been nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize, was granted a knighthood by Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom, and, with Bill and Melinda Gates, was named Time Person of the Year in 2005, among other awards and nominations. On 17 July 2013, the BBC announced that Bono had been made a Commandeur of the French Ordre des Arts et des Lettres.
/m/03phgz	The Coca-Cola Company is an American multinational beverage corporation and manufacturer, retailer and marketer of nonalcoholic beverage concentrates and syrups, which is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia. The company is best known for its flagship product Coca-Cola, invented in 1886 by pharmacist John Stith Pemberton in Columbus, Georgia. The Coca-Cola formula and brand was bought in 1889 by Asa Griggs Candler, who incorporated The Coca-Cola Company in 1892. Besides its namesake Coca-Cola beverage, Coca-Cola currently offers more than 500 brands in over 200 countries or territories and serves over 1.7 billion servings each day. The company operates a franchised distribution system dating from 1889 where The Coca-Cola Company only produces syrup concentrate which is then sold to various bottlers throughout the world who hold an exclusive territory. The Coca-Cola Company owns its anchor bottler in North America, Coca-Cola Refreshments.\nIts stock is listed on the NYSE and is part of DJIA, S&P 500 index, the Russell 1000 Index and the Russell 1000 Growth Stock Index. Its current chairman and chief executive is Muhtar Kent.
/m/0l2lk	Monterey County is a county located on the Pacific coast of the U.S. state of California, its northwestern section forming the southern half of Monterey Bay. The northern half of the bay is in Santa Cruz County. As of 2010, the population was 415,057. The county seat and largest city is Salinas. Monterey County is a member of the regional governmental agency, Association of Monterey Bay Area Governments.\nThe coastline, including Big Sur, State Route 1, and the 17 Mile Drive on the Monterey Peninsula, has made the county world famous. The city of Monterey was the capital of California under Spanish and Mexican rule. The economy is primarily based upon tourism in the coastal regions and agriculture in the Salinas River valley. Most of the county's people live near the northern coast and Salinas valley, while the southern coast and inland mountain regions are almost devoid of human habitation.
/m/04dsnp	Sicko is a 2007 documentary film by American filmmaker Michael Moore. The film investigates health care in the United States, focusing on its health insurance and the pharmaceutical industry. The movie compares the for-profit, non-universal U.S. system with the non-profit universal health care systems of Canada, the United Kingdom, France and Cuba.\nSicko was made on a budget of approximately $9 million, and grossed $24.5 million theatrically in the United States. This box office take exceeded the official expectation of The Weinstein Company, which had hoped for a gross in line with Bowling for Columbine's $21.5 million US box office gross.
/m/0r4h3	Fontana is a city of 200,762 residents in San Bernardino County, California. Founded by Azariel Blanchard Miller in 1913, it remained essentially rural until World War II, when entrepreneur Henry J. Kaiser built a large steel mill in the area. It is now a regional hub of the trucking industry, with Interstate 10 and State Route 210 transecting the city from east to west, and Interstate 15 passing diagonally through its northwestern quadrant.\nIt is home to the largest of the San Bernardino County system libraries, a renovated historic theater, a municipal park, and the Auto Club Speedway on the site of the Kaiser Steel Mill. Fontana also hosts the Fontana Days Half Marathon and 5K run. This race is the fastest half-marathon course in the world.\nThe U.S. 2012 Census reported that Fontana's population was 200,762 in 2012, making it the second most populous city in San Bernardino county and 14th in the state.
/m/045gzq	Anthony T. \"Tony\" Todd is an American actor and film producer, known for portraying Candyman in the horror movie franchise of the same name and William Bludworth in Final Destination.
/m/0g5b0q5	The 68th Golden Globe Awards were broadcast live from the Beverly Hilton Hotel in Beverly Hills, California on January 16, 2011, by NBC. The host was Ricky Gervais. The nominations were announced on December 14, 2010, by Josh Duhamel, Katie Holmes and Blair Underwood. Robert De Niro was presented with the Cecil B. DeMille Award for lifetime achievement in motion pictures. The Social Network won four awards, the most of any film, including best drama. It beat British historical tale The King's Speech, which had entered the awards ceremony with the most nominations but collected just one award.
/m/0gzy02	The Guns of Navarone is a 1961 British-American action/adventure war film directed by J. Lee Thompson. The screenplay by producer Carl Foreman was based on Scottish author Alistair MacLean's 1957 novel The Guns of Navarone about the Dodecanese Campaign of World War II. It stars Gregory Peck, David Niven and Anthony Quinn, along with Stanley Baker and Anthony Quayle. The book and the film share the same basic plot: the efforts of an Allied commando team to destroy a seemingly impregnable German fortress that threatens Allied naval ships in the Aegean Sea, and prevents 2,000 isolated British troops from being rescued.
/m/0kx4m	Lucasfilm Limited, LLC is an American film and television production company based in the Letterman Digital Arts Center in San Francisco, California. The studio is best known for its films, such as the Star Wars and Indiana Jones franchises, as well as its leadership in developing special effects, sound and computer animation for film. The Walt Disney Company bought Lucasfilm in 2012 at a valuation of $4.06 billion. Lucasfilm was founded by filmmaker George Lucas in 1971 in San Rafael, CA. Most of Lucasfilm's operations were moved to San Francisco in 2005.
/m/05prs8	Walter F. Parkes is an American film producer, writer, and former studio head.
/m/0r3tq	Palm Springs is a desert resort city in Riverside County, California, within the Coachella Valley. It is located approximately 55 miles east of San Bernardino, 107 miles east of Los Angeles, 123 miles northeast of San Diego, and 268 miles west of Phoenix, Arizona. The population was 44,552 as of the 2010 census. Palm Springs covers approximately 94 square miles, making it the largest city in the county by land area.\nBiking, golf, hiking, horseback riding, swimming, and tennis in the nearby desert and mountain areas are major forms of recreation in Palm Springs.
/m/06frc	The Roman Republic was the period of the ancient Roman civilization when the government operated as a republic. It began with the overthrow of the Roman monarchy, traditionally dated around 509 BC, and its replacement by a government headed by two consuls, elected annually by the citizens and advised by a senate. A complex constitution gradually developed, centered on the principles of a separation of powers and checks and balances. Except in times of dire national emergency, public offices were limited to one year, so that, in theory at least, no single individual wielded absolute power over his fellow citizens.\nRoman society was hierarchical. The evolution of the Constitution of the Roman Republic was heavily influenced by the struggle between the patricians, Rome's land-holding aristocracy, who traced their ancestry back to the early history of the Roman Kingdom, and the plebeians, the far more numerous citizen-commoners. Over time, the laws that gave patricians exclusive rights to Rome's highest offices were repealed or weakened, and leading plebeian families became full members of the aristocracy. The leaders of the Republic developed a strong tradition and morality requiring public service and patronage in peace and war, making military and political success inextricably linked.
/m/07gyv	Taekwondo or is a Korean martial art. It combines combat and self-defense techniques with sport and exercise. Gyeorugi, a type of sparring, has been an Olympic event since 2000. Taekwondo was developed by a variety of Korean masters during the 1940s as partial combination of taekkyeon, Okinawan karate and other traditions.\nThe name taekwondo was coined by either Choi Hong Hi or by Duk Sung Son. The World Taekwondo Federation claims that taekwondo development was a collaborative effort by a council consisting of members from the nine original kwans, while the International Taekwon-Do Federation credits Choi Hong Hi solely.\nTraditional taekwondo typically refers to the martial art as it was established in the 1950s and 1960s in the South Korean military, and in various civilian organizations, including schools and universities. In particular, the names and symbolism of the both the traditional patterns and the newer poomsae often refer to elements of Korean history, culture and religious philosophy. The symbolism is replicated in the Korean flag.\nSport taekwondo has developed in the decades since the 1950s and may have a somewhat different focus, especially in terms of its emphasis on speed and competition. Sport taekwondo is in turn subdivided into two main styles. One style is practiced by International Taekwon-Do adherents and was created in 1955 by Choi Hong Hi. The other style derives from Kukkiwon, the source of the sparring system sihap gyeorugi. This style is now an event at the summer Olympic Games and is governed by the World Taekwondo Federation. The Kukkiwon - or World Taekwondo Headquarters - is the traditional center for WTF taekwondo and was founded in 1973 by Dr. Kim Un Yong.
/m/030x48	Lauren Tom is an American stage, film, television and voice actress. Her roles include Lena St. Clair in The Joy Luck Club, Julie in the NBC sitcom Friends, and the voices for both mother and daughter characters on two animated TV comedy series: on Futurama she voiced Amy Wong and her mother Inez, while on King of the Hill she voiced Minh and Connie Souphanousinphone.
/m/05t0zfv	Bleach: Fade to Black is the third animated film adaptation of the anime and manga series Bleach. Directed by Noriyuki Abe, the film was released December 13, 2008. The film's theme music was \"Koyoi, Tsuki wa Miezu Tomo\", performed by Porno Graffiti and its screenplay was written by Natsuko Takahashi, who is a screenwriter for the anime series. The DVD was released in September 30, 2009 in Japan, with additional footage of Ichigo, Rukia and Kon leaving for the World of the Living. The English Dub was released on DVD and Blu-ray on November 15, 2011 in the United States. The UK release date is set for May 28, 2012 on DVD and Blu-ray.
/m/05nlx4	Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End is a 2007 English fantasy adventure film and the third film in the Pirates of the Caribbean film series. The plot follows Will Turner, Elizabeth Swann, Hector Barbossa, and the crew of the Black Pearl rescuing Captain Jack Sparrow from Davy Jones' Locker, and then preparing to fight the East India Trading Company, led by Cutler Beckett and Davy Jones, who plan to extinguish piracy forever. Gore Verbinski directed the film, as he did with the previous two. It was shot in two shoots during 2005 and 2006, the former simultaneously with the preceding film, Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest.\nThe film was released in English-speaking countries on May 25, 2007 after Disney decided to move the release date a day earlier than originally planned. Critical reviews were mixed, but At World's End was a box office hit, becoming the most successful film of 2007, with over $960 million worldwide.\nIt was nominated for the Academy Award for Makeup and the Academy Award for Visual Effects, which it lost to La Vie en Rose and The Golden Compass, respectively. A fourth installment, On Stranger Tides, the first to neither be directed by Verbinski nor star Bloom and Knightley, was released in cinemas on May 20, 2011.
/m/03cyslc	Nick & Norah's Infinite Playlist is a 2008 romantic comedy-drama film directed by Peter Sollett and starring Michael Cera and Kat Dennings. Written by Lorene Scafaria and based on the novel of the same name by Rachel Cohn and David Levithan, the story tells of teenagers Nick and Norah, who meet when Norah asks Nick to pretend to be her boyfriend for five minutes. Over the course of the night, they try to find their favorite band's secret show and search for Norah's drunken best friend.\nThe film came into development in 2003 when producer Kerry Kohansky Roberts found Cohn and Levithan's novel and decided to adapt it for film. Scafaria was hired to write the script in 2005, and Sollett signed on to direct the film in 2006. Principal photography took place over 29 days from October to December 2007, primarily in Manhattan and Brooklyn, New York City.\nThe film premiered on September 6, 2008 at the 2008 Toronto International Film Festival and was released theatrically on October 3, 2008. It tripled its US$10 million budget with a total gross of US$33.5 million. An accompanying soundtrack was released on September 23, 2008, and the film was released on DVD and Blu-ray on February 3, 2009. It attracted generally positive reviews from critics and received nominations for three Satellite Awards, one GLAAD Media Award, one MTV Movie Award and one Golden Reel Award.
/m/017v71	Wellesley College is a private women's liberal-arts college in the town of Wellesley, Massachusetts, United States, west of Boston. Founded in 1870, Wellesley is a member of the original Seven Sisters Colleges and is consistently ranked among the top 10 liberal arts colleges in the United States. In 2011, The Best 376 Colleges named Wellesley’s faculty number one in the country. The College enrolls approximately 2,400 students from all 50 states and 75 countries.
/m/049m_l	Associazione Calcio Cesena is an Italian football club based in Cesena, Romagna.\nThe club was formed in 1940 and won the first promotion to Serie A in 1973. Since then, the club have been in the Serie A for a total of 11 seasons, reaching the best achievement in 1976 with a sixth place finish and a short run in the following season's UEFA Cup. The other three promotions in Serie A have been achieved in 1981, 1987, and 2010, the last one after two consecutive promotions — from the third league in 2009 and from Serie B in 2010, both won in the final game of the season. The club currently plays in the Serie B, relegated at the end of the 2011–12 season.
/m/0h14ln	Perfume: The Story of a Murderer is a German 2006 thriller film directed by Tom Tykwer, written by Andrew Birkin, Bernd Eichinger and Tykwer and starring Ben Whishaw, Alan Rickman, Rachel Hurd-Wood and Dustin Hoffman. It is based on the 1985 novel Perfume by Patrick Süskind. Set in 18th century France, the film tells the story of Jean-Baptiste Grenouille, an olfactory genius, and his homicidal quest for the perfect scent.\nProducer Bernd Eichinger bought the film rights to Süskind's novel in 2000 and began writing the screenplay together with screenwriter Andrew Birkin. Tom Tykwer was selected as the director and joined the two in developing the screenplay in 2003. Principal photography began on July 12, 2005 and concluded on October 16, 2005; filming took place in Spain, Germany, and France. The film was made on a budget of €50 million, making it one of the most expensive German films.\nPerfume was released on September 14, 2006 in Germany, December 26, 2006 in the United Kingdom and December 27, 2006 in the United States. It grossed over $135 million worldwide, of which over $53 million was made in Germany. Critics' reviews of the film were mixed; the consensus was that the film had strong cinematography and acting but suffered from an uneven screenplay.
/m/01yvvn	In baseball, the designated hitter rule is the common name for Major League Baseball Rule 6.10, adopted by the American League in 1973. The rule allows teams to have one player, known as the designated hitter, to bat in place of the pitcher. Since 1973, most collegiate, amateur, and professional leagues have adopted the rule or some variant. MLB's National League and Nippon Professional Baseball's Central League are the most prominent professional leagues that do not use a designated hitter.
/m/02ylg6	Punch-Drunk Love is a 2002 romantic comedy-drama written and directed by Paul Thomas Anderson, starring Adam Sandler and Emily Watson. Philip Seymour Hoffman and Luis Guzmán also appear.\nAfter the release of his previous film Magnolia, Anderson stated that he would like to work with Adam Sandler in the future and that he was determined to make his next film ninety minutes long.\nThe film won rave reviews for Adam Sandler in his first major departure from the broader comedies that had made him a star. Roger Ebert wrote in the Chicago Sun-Times that \"Sandler, liberated from the constraints of formula, reveals unexpected depths as an actor. Watching this film, you can imagine him in Dennis Hopper roles. He has darkness, obsession and power. He can't go on making those moronic comedies forever, can he?\" He won Best Actor at the Gijón International Film Festival and was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy, and was, at one point, a contender for the Academy Award for Best Actor, but he was not nominated.\nThe film was produced by Revolution Studios and New Line Cinema, and distributed by Columbia Pictures; it features the video art of Jeremy Blake in the form of visual interludes.
/m/01r4hry	George S. Clinton is an American composer, songwriter, arranger, and session musician.\nClinton was born in Chattanooga, Tennessee. His musical career began in Nashville while earning degrees in music and drama at Middle Tennessee State University. After graduation, Clinton moved to Los Angeles and became a staff writer for Warner Brothers Music, while arranging and performing session work. He later recorded four albums for MCA, Elektra Records, ABC, and Arista Records.\nThe critically acclaimed George Clinton Band attracted the attention of a movie producer, giving George the opportunity to score his first film, Cheech and Chong's Still Smokin', and later, Cheech and Chong's The Corsican Brothers.\nClinton's most recognizable scores are probably Austin Powers: International Man of Mystery; the martial arts fantasy Mortal Kombat and its sequel Mortal Kombat: Annihilation; and Showtime's series Red Shoe Diaries. His awards include a 2002 Grammy nomination, a 2007 Emmy nomination, and eight BMI Film Music Awards. He was honored with the Richard Kirk Award at the 2007 BMI Film and TV Awards. The award is given annually to a composer who has made significant contributions to film and television music.
/m/0j54b	The House of Savoy was formed in the early 11th century in the historical Savoy region. Through gradual expansion, it grew from ruling a small county in that region to eventually rule—through its branch Savoy-Carignano—the Kingdom of Italy from 1861 until the end of World War II. The House of Savoy ruled unified Italy for 85 years with Victor Emmanuel II, Umberto I, Victor Emmanuel III, and Umberto II as monarchs. The last monarch ruled for a few weeks before being overthrown by a Constitutional Referendum, and a new republic was then proclaimed.
/m/02xbw2	Gabrielle Monique Union is an American actress and former model. Among her notable roles is her performance of the cheerleader opposite Kirsten Dunst in the film Bring It On,. In 2000, she played a medical doctor in the CBS drama series City of Angels. In 2003, Union starred opposite Will Smith and Martin Lawrence in the blockbuster film Bad Boys II. Also in 2003, she starred with LL Cool J in Deliver Us from Eva. In 2008, she featured in the film Cadillac Records with Adrien Brody, Beyoncé Knowles and Jeffrey Wright. In 2012, Union featured in an ensemble cast of the film version of Think Like a Man.
/m/030qb3t	Los Angeles, officially the City of Los Angeles, often known by its initials L.A., is the most populous city in the U.S. state of California and the second-most populous in the United States, after New York City, with a population at the 2010 United States Census of 3,792,621. It has a land area of 469 square miles, and is located in Southern California.\nThe city is the focal point of the larger Los Angeles–Long Beach–Santa Ana metropolitan statistical area and Greater Los Angeles Area region, which contain 13 million and over 18 million people in Combined statistical area respectively as of 2010, making it one of the most populous metropolitan areas in the world and the second-largest in the United States. Los Angeles is also the seat of Los Angeles County, the most populated and one of the most ethnically diverse counties in the United States, while the entire Los Angeles area itself has been recognized as the most diverse of the nation's largest cities. The city's inhabitants are referred to as Angelenos.\nLos Angeles was founded on September 4, 1781, by Spanish governor Felipe de Neve. It became a part of Mexico in 1821 following the Mexican War of Independence. In 1848, at the end of the Mexican–American War, Los Angeles and the rest of California were purchased as part of the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, thereby becoming part of the United States. Los Angeles was incorporated as a municipality on April 4, 1850, five months before California achieved statehood.
/m/017gm7	The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers is a 2002 epic fantasy film directed by Peter Jackson and based on the second volume of J. R. R. Tolkien's novel The Lord of the Rings. It is the second installment in The Lord of the Rings film series, preceded by The Fellowship of the Ring and concluding with The Return of the King.\nContinuing the plot of The Fellowship of the Ring, the film intercuts three storylines. Frodo and Sam continue their journey towards Mordor to destroy the One Ring, meeting and joined by Gollum, the ring's former owner. Aragorn, Legolas, and Gimli come to the war-torn nation of Rohan and are reunited with the resurrected Gandalf, before fighting at the Battle of Helm's Deep. Merry and Pippin escape capture, meet Treebeard the Ent, and help to plan an attack on Isengard.\nMeeting high critical acclaim, the film was an enormous box-office success, earning over $926 million worldwide and is currently the 27th highest-grossing film of all time. The film also won numerous accolades and was nominated for six Academy Awards, winning two.
/m/06x76	The St. Louis Rams are a professional American football team based in St. Louis, Missouri. They are currently members of the West Division of the National Football Conference in the National Football League. The Rams have won three NFL Championships, and are the only NFL team to win championships in three different cities.\nThe Rams began playing in 1936 in Cleveland, Ohio. The NFL considers the franchise as a second incarnation of the previous Cleveland Rams team that was a charter member of the second American Football League. Although the NFL granted membership to the same owner, the NFL considers it a separate entity since only four of the players and none of the team's management joined the new NFL team.\nThe team then became known as the Los Angeles Rams after the club moved to Los Angeles, California, in 1946, opting not to compete with Paul Brown's Cleveland Browns of the All-America Football Conference. Following the 1979 season, the Rams moved south to the suburbs in nearby Orange County, playing their home games at Anaheim Stadium in Anaheim for fifteen seasons, keeping the Los Angeles name. The club moved east to St. Louis prior to the 1995 season.
/m/0n2m7	Franklin County is a county located in the state of Ohio, United States. According to the 2010 census, it has a population of 1,163,414, which is an increase of 8.8% from 1,068,978 in 2000. It is the second largest county in Ohio and the 34th largest county in population in the United States. Franklin County is also the largest in the eight-county Columbus, Ohio Metropolitan Statistical Area. Its county seat is Columbus, which is located in the middle of the county. Columbus is the capital and largest city in Ohio, as well as the 15th largest city in the United States, according to the U.S. Census Bureau's 2005 Population Estimates. Columbus makes up about 66.56% of the population of the county, the rest being provided by various suburbs and townships, and Franklin County itself makes up about 9.42% of the state population as of 2000.\nFranklin County, particularly Columbus, has been a centerpiece for presidential and congressional politics, most notably the 2000 presidential election, the 2004 presidential election, and the 2006 midterm elections. Franklin County is home to the largest university in the United States, The Ohio State University, which as of fall 2011 has an enrollment of 56,867 students on its main Columbus campus.
/m/01sxdy	The Phantom of the Opera is a 2004 British film adaptation of Andrew Lloyd Webber's 1986 musical of the same name, which in turn is based on the French novel Le Fantôme de l'Opéra by Gaston Leroux.\nDirected by Joel Schumacher, the film was also produced and co-written by Lloyd Webber. The Phantom of the Opera stars Gerard Butler in the title role, Emmy Rossum as Christine Daaé, as well as Patrick Wilson as Raoul, Miranda Richardson as Madame Giry and Minnie Driver as Carlotta Giudicelli.\nThe film was announced as early as 1989, but production only started in 2002 due to Lloyd Webber's divorce and Schumacher's busy career. It was entirely shot at Pinewood Studios, with sceneries also being depicted with the help of miniatures and computer graphics. Rossum, Wilson, and Driver had singing experience, but Butler had no experience and had to receive music lessons. The Phantom of the Opera grossed approximately $154 million worldwide, and received mixed reviews, praising the visuals and acting but criticising the writing and directing.
/m/02wcx8c	Peter S. Jacobson is an American actor. He is perhaps best known for his portrayal of Dr. Chris Taub on the Fox medical drama series House.
/m/01z215	Saudi Arabia, officially known as the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, is the largest Arab state in Western Asia by land area and the second-largest in the Arab world. It is bordered by Jordan and Iraq to the north, Kuwait to the northeast, Qatar, Bahrain and the United Arab Emirates to the east, Oman to the southeast, and Yemen in the south. It is the only nation with both a Red Sea coast and a Persian Gulf coast. Its population is estimated to consist of 16 million citizens and an additional nine million registered foreign expatriates and two million illegal immigrants.\nSaudi Arabia has historically consisted of several distinct parts: Hejaz, Najd and parts of eastern Arabia and southern Arabia. The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia was founded by Abdulaziz bin Saud in 1932, although the conquests which eventually led to the creation of the Kingdom began in 1902 when he captured Riyadh, the ancestral home of his family, the House of Saud, referred to in Arabic as Al Saud. The country has been an absolute monarchy since its inception. It describes itself as being Islamic and is highly influenced by Wahhabism. Saudi Arabia is sometimes called \"the Land of the Two Holy Mosques\" in reference to Al-Masjid al-Haram, and Al-Masjid an-Nabawi, the two holiest places in Islam.
/m/034ks	Galileo Galilei, often known mononymously as Galileo, was an Italian physicist, mathematician, astronomer, and philosopher who played a major role in the scientific revolution. His achievements include improvements to the telescope and consequent astronomical observations and support for Copernicanism. Galileo has been called the \"father of modern observational astronomy\", the \"father of modern physics\", the \"father of science\", and \"the Father of Modern Science\".\nHis contributions to observational astronomy include the telescopic confirmation of the phases of Venus, the discovery of the four largest satellites of Jupiter, and the observation and analysis of sunspots. Galileo also worked in applied science and technology, inventing an improved military compass and other instruments.\nGalileo's championing of heliocentrism was controversial within his lifetime, when most subscribed to either geocentrism or the Tychonic system. He met with opposition from astronomers, who doubted heliocentrism due to the absence of an observed stellar parallax. The matter was investigated by the Roman Inquisition in 1615, which concluded that heliocentrism was false and contrary to scripture, placing works advocating the Copernican system on the index of banned books and forbidding Galileo from advocating heliocentrism. Galileo later defended his views in Dialogue Concerning the Two Chief World Systems, which appeared to attack Pope Urban VIII and thus alienated him and the Jesuits, who had both supported Galileo up until this point. He was tried by the Holy Office, then found \"vehemently suspect of heresy\", was forced to recant, and spent the rest of his life under house arrest. It was while Galileo was under house arrest that he wrote one of his finest works, Two New Sciences, in which he summarised the work he had done some forty years earlier, on the two sciences now called kinematics and strength of materials.
/m/04llb	Lisbon is the capital and the largest city of Portugal with a population of 547,631 within its administrative limits on a land area of 84.8 square kilometres. The urban area of Lisbon extends beyond the administrative city limits with a population of over 3 million on an area of 958 square kilometres, making it the 11th most populous urban area in the European Union. About 3,035,000 people live in the Lisbon Metropolitan Area. Lisbon is the westernmost large city located in Europe, as well as its westernmost capital city and the only one along the Atlantic coast. It lies in the western Iberian Peninsula on the Atlantic Ocean and the River Tagus.\nLisbon is recognised as a global city because of its importance in finance, commerce, media, entertainment, arts, international trade, education and tourism. It is one of the major economic centres on the continent, with a growing financial sector and the largest/second largest container port on Europe's Atlantic coast. Lisbon Portela Airport serves over 15.3 million passengers annually; the motorway network and the high-speed rail system of link the main cities of Portugal. The city is the seventh-most-visited city in Southern Europe, after Istanbul, Rome, Barcelona, Madrid, Athens and Milan, with 1,740,000 tourists in 2009. The Lisbon region is the wealthiest region in Portugal, GDP PPP per capita is 26,100 euros. It is the tenth richest metropolitan area by GDP on the continent amounting to 110 billion euros and thus €39,375 per capita, 40% higher than the average European Union's GDP per capita. The city occupies 32nd place of highest gross earnings in the world. Most of the headquarters of multinationals in the country are located in the Lisbon area and it is the 9th city in the world in terms of quantity of international conferences. It is also the political centre of the country, as seat of Government and residence of the Head of State. The seat of the district of Lisbon and the centre of the Lisbon region.
/m/01dfb6	Citigroup Inc. or Citi is an American multinational financial services corporation headquartered in Manhattan, New York City. Citigroup was formed from one of the world's largest mergers in history by combining the banking giant Citicorp and financial conglomerate Travelers Group in October 1998. The year 2012 marked Citi's 200th anniversary. It is currently the third largest bank holding company in the United States by assets. Its largest shareholders include funds from the Middle East and Singapore.\nCitigroup has the world's largest financial services network, spanning 140 countries with approximately 16,000 offices worldwide. It also holds over 200 million customer accounts in more than 140 countries. It is one of the primary dealers in US Treasury securities. According to Forbes, at its height Citigroup used to be the largest company and bank in the world by total assets with 357,000 employees until the global financial crisis of 2008. Today it is ranked 20th in size under the Fortune 500 list. In comparison, JPMorgan Chase, which is ranked 16th on the Fortune 500, is now the largest bank in U.S. as of 2012.\nCitigroup suffered huge losses during the global financial crisis of 2008 and was rescued in November 2008 in a massive stimulus package by the U.S. government. On February 27, 2009, Citigroup announced that the United States government would take a 36% equity stake in the company by converting US$25 billion in emergency aid into common stock with a US Treasury credit line of $45 billion to prevent the bankruptcy of the largest bank in the world at the time. The government guaranteed losses on more than $300 billion troubled assets and injected $20 billion immediately into the company. In exchange, the salary of the CEO was $1 per year and the highest salary of employees was restricted to $500,000 in cash and any amount above $500,000 had to be paid with restricted stock that could not be sold until the emergency government aid was repaid in full. The US government also gained control of half the seats in the Board of Directors, and the senior management was subjected to removal by the US government if there were poor performance. By December 2009, the US government stake was reduced to 27% majority stake from a 36% majority stake after Citigroup sold $21 billion of common shares and equity in the largest single share sale in US history, surpassing Bank of America's $19 billion share sale one month prior. Eventually by December 2010, Citigroup repaid the emergency aid in full and the US government received an additional $12 billion profit in selling its shares. US Government restrictions on pay and oversight of the senior management were removed after the US government sold its remaining 27% stake as of December 2010.
/m/01540	Biology is a natural science concerned with the study of life and living organisms, including their structure, function, growth, evolution, distribution, and taxonomy. Modern biology is a vast and eclectic field, composed of many branches and subdisciplines. However, despite the broad scope of biology, there are certain general and unifying concepts within it that govern all study and research, consolidating it into single, coherent field. In general, biology recognizes the cell as the basic unit of life, genes as the basic unit of heredity, and evolution as the engine that propels the synthesis and creation of new species. It is also understood today that all organisms survive by consuming and transforming energy and by regulating their internal environment to maintain a stable and vital condition.\nSubdisciplines of biology are defined by the scale at which organisms are studied, the kinds of organisms studied, and the methods used to study them: Biochemistry examines the rudimentary chemistry of life; molecular biology studies the complex interactions among biological molecules; botany studies the biology of plants; cellular biology examines the basic building-block of all life, the cell; physiology examines the physical and chemical functions of tissues, organs, and organ systems of an organism; evolutionary biology examines the processes that produced the diversity of life; and ecology examines how organisms interact in their environment.
/m/0d331	Potsdam, is the capital city of the German federal state of Brandenburg. It directly borders the German capital Berlin and is part of the Berlin/Brandenburg Metropolitan Region. It is situated on the River Havel, 24 kilometres southwest of Berlin's city center.\nPotsdam has several claims to national and international notability. In Germany, it had a similar status that Windsor has in the United Kingdom: it was the residence of the Prussian kings and the German Kaiser, until 1918. Around the city there are a series of interconnected lakes and unique cultural landmarks, in particular the parks and palaces of Sanssouci, the largest World Heritage Site in Germany. The Potsdam Conference, the major post-World War II conference between the victorious Allies, was held at another palace in the area, the Cecilienhof.\nBabelsberg, in the south-eastern part of Potsdam, was a major film production studio before the war and has enjoyed increased success as a major center of European film production since the fall of the Berlin Wall. The Filmstudio Babelsberg is the oldest large-scale film studio in the world.\nPotsdam developed into a centre of science in Germany from the 19th century. Today, there are three public colleges, the University of Potsdam and more than 30 research institutes in the city.
/m/014clr	Shaanxi is a province of the People's Republic of China, officially part of the Northwest China region. It includes portions of the Loess Plateau on the middle reaches of the Yellow River in addition to the Qin Mountains across the southern part of this province.
/m/0pfd9	Ipswich is a large town in Suffolk, England of which it is the county town. Ipswich is located on the estuary of the River Orwell. Nearby towns are Felixstowe, Woodbridge, Needham Market and Stowmarket in Suffolk and Harwich and Colchester in Essex. Ipswich is a non-metropolitan district.\nThe urban development of Ipswich overspills the borough boundaries significantly, with 75% of the town's population living within the borough at the time of the 2011 Census, when it was the fourth-largest urban area in the United Kingdom's East of England region, and the 38th largest urban area in England and Wales.\nThe modern name is derived from the medieval name 'Gippeswic', probably taken either from an Old Saxon personal name or from an earlier name of the Orwell estuary. As of 2011, the town of Ipswich was found to have a population of 133,384, while the Ipswich built-up area is estimated to have a population of approximately 180,000.
/m/0ds6bmk	Tyrannosaur is a 2011 British drama film written and directed by Paddy Considine, his first feature film.\nIt depicts an environment similar to what Considine witnessed growing up on a council estate in the Midlands, although the film is in no way autobiographical. It stars Peter Mullan, Olivia Colman and Eddie Marsan, with Paul Popplewell and Sally Carman. The film's title is a metaphor, the meaning of which is revealed in the film. It was filmed in Spring 2010 in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England.\nThe film is an expansion of Dog Altogether, a short film for Warp Films that Considine wrote and directed, which won the Best Short Film BAFTA and BIFA awards as well as the Silver Lion award at Venice in 2007. Mullan and Colman also appeared in the short film with Karl Johnson. Popplewell was also in the original short, but in a different role.
/m/06sff	San Marino, officially the Republic of San Marino and also known as the Most Serene Republic of San Marino, is an enclaved microstate surrounded by Italy, situated on the Italian Peninsula on the north-eastern side of the Apennine Mountains. Its size is just over 61 km² with an estimated population of over 30,000. Its capital is the City of San Marino, its largest city Dogana. San Marino has the smallest population of all the members of the Council of Europe.\nSan Marino claims to be the oldest surviving sovereign state and constitutional republic in the world, as the continuation of the monastic community founded on 3 September 301, by stonecutter Marinus of Arba. Legend has it that Marinus left Rab, then the Roman colony of Arba, in 257 when the future emperor, Diocletian, issued a decree calling for the reconstruction of the city walls of Rimini, which had been destroyed by Liburnian pirates.\nSan Marino is governed by the Leges Statutae Republicae Sancti Marini, a series of six books written in Latin in the late 16th century, that dictate the country’s political system, among other matters.
/m/0847q	Western Australia is a state occupying the entire western third of Australia. It is bounded by the Indian Ocean to the north and west, the Great Australian Bight and Southern Ocean to the south, the Northern Territory to the north-east and South Australia to the south-east. Western Australia is Australia's largest state with a total land area of 2,529,875 square kilometres, and the second-largest country subdivision in the world – however, a significant part of it is sparsely populated. The state has approximately 2.5 million inhabitants, and 92% of the state's population lives in the south-west corner of the state.\nThe first European visitor to Western Australia was the Dutch explorer Dirk Hartog, who visited the Western Australian coast in 1616. The first European inhabitants were the crew of the British East Indiaman Tryall, who were wrecked on Tryal Rocks in May 1622. They spent a week camped on the Montebello Islands before sailing on to Batavia. The New South Wales colonial government established a military outpost at King George III Sound, at present-day Albany, in 1826, which was followed by the establishment of the Swan River Colony in 1829, including the site of the present-day capital, Perth. York was the first inland settlement in Western Australia. Situated 97 kilometres east of Perth, it was settled on 16 September 1831.
/m/02f75t	The MTV Video Music Award for Best Rap Video was first given out in 1989, and it was one the four original genre categories added at the 1989 MTV Video Music Awards. This award was last given out in 2006, as MTV did not bring it back in 2008 like it did with other genre awards. Instead, artists and videos that were previously eligible for Best Rap Video are now eligible for Best Hip-Hop Video. Will Smith, Arrested Development, Dr. Dre, and Jay-Z are tied as this award's biggest winners, each having won it twice.
/m/041pnt	The Institut d'études politiques de Paris, simply referred to as Sciences Po, is a public research and higher education institution in Paris, France, which specializes in social sciences. It has the status of grand établissement, which allows its admissions process to be highly selective. Established in 1872 as the École Libre des Sciences Politiques, Sciences Po has traditionally educated France's political and diplomatic elite, and it is generally considered one of the world's most reputable and prestigious schools of the social sciences.\nSciences Po covers political science as well as economics, history, sociology, law, finance, business, communication, social and urban policy, management and journalism. It offers several dual master’s degrees, in partnership with such institutions as the London School of Economics, the University of St. Gallen in Switzerland, the Free University of Berlin, Bocconi University in Milan, ESADE in Barcelona, the Hertie School of Governance in Berlin, the School of International and Public Affairs at Columbia University, the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism, the Lee Kuan Yew School of Public Policy at the National University of Singapore, the Graduate School of Public Policy, University of Tokyo, and the University of Pennsylvania Law School. At the undergraduate level, Sciences Po also offers a dual degree program with the School of General Studies at Columbia University, University College London, Keio University, the Free University of Berlin, and the University of British Columbia.
/m/027h4yd	These are the winners and nominees for the Tony Award for Best Costume Design. The award was first presented in 1947 and included both plays and musicals. In 1961, and since 2005 each genre is represented in its own category.
/m/07nznf	Bryan Jay Singer is an American film director, screenwriter and producer. Singer won critical acclaim for his work on The Usual Suspects, and is especially well-known among fans of the science fiction and superhero genres for his work on the X-Men films and Superman Returns. Other notable films he directed include Apt Pupil, Valkyrie and Jack the Giant Slayer.
/m/09rsr0w	Dalian Aerbin Football Club is a professional Chinese football club that currently plays within the Jinzhou Stadium in Dalian, Liaoning. They were founded in September 20, 2009 by the Dalian Aerbin Group Co. Ltd and started at the bottom of the Chinese football pyramid in the third tier, however after successive division title wins they would gain entry to the Chinese top tier at the beginning 2012 Chinese Super League season.
/m/0jm3v	The New York Knickerbockers, commonly referred to as the Knicks, are a professional basketball team based in New York City, New York. The team, established by Ned Irish in 1946, was one of the founding members of the Basketball Association of America, which became the NBA after merging with rival National Basketball League in 1949. The team plays at Madison Square Garden in the borough of Manhattan and is one of only two teams of the original National Basketball Association still located in its original city.\nThe Knicks were successful during their early years and were constant playoff contenders under the franchise's first head coach Joe Lapchick. Beginning in 1950, the Knicks made three consecutive appearances in the NBA Finals, all of which were losing efforts. Lapchick resigned in 1956 and the team subsequently began to falter. It was not until the late 1960s when Red Holzman became head coach did the Knicks begin to regain their former dominance. Holzman successfully guided the Knicks to two championship titles in 1970 and 1973. The Knicks of the 1980s had mixed success that included six playoff appearances however, they failed to participate in the NBA Finals.
/m/023sm8	County Durham is a ceremonial county and unitary district in North East England. The county town is Durham. The largest settlement in the ceremonial county is Darlington. The county has a mixture of mining and farming heritage, as well as a heavy railway industry, particularly in the southeast of the county in Darlington, Shildon and Stockton. Its economy was historically based on coal and iron mining. It is an area of regeneration and promoted as a tourist destination.\nThe ceremonial county borders Tyne and Wear, Cumbria, Northumberland and North Yorkshire, forming part of the North East England region.
/m/0154j	Belgium, officially the Kingdom of Belgium, is a federal monarchy in Western Europe. It is a founding member of the European Union and hosts the EU's headquarters as well as those of several other major international organisations such as NATO. Belgium covers an area of 30,528 square kilometres, and it has a population of about 11 million people.\nStraddling the cultural boundary between Germanic and Latin Europe, Belgium is home to two main linguistic groups: the Dutch-speaking, mostly Flemish community, and the French-speaking, mostly Walloon population. Additionally, there is a small group of German-speakers that are officially recognized. Belgium's two largest regions are the Dutch-speaking region of Flanders in the north and the French-speaking southern region of Wallonia. The Brussels-Capital Region, officially bilingual, is a mostly French-speaking enclave within the Flemish Region. A German-speaking Community exists in eastern Wallonia. Belgium's linguistic diversity and related political conflicts are reflected in its political history and complex system of government.
/m/01wgfp6	Stanley Kirk Burrell, known professionally as M.C. Hammer, is an American rapper, dancer, entrepreneur, spokesman and occasional actor. He had his greatest commercial success and popularity from the late 1980s until the late 1990s. Remembered for his rapid rise to fame, Hammer is known for hit records, flashy dance movements, choreography and eponymous Hammer pants. Hammer's superstar-status and entertaining showmanship made him a household name and hip hop icon. He has sold more than 50 million records worldwide.\nA multi-award winner, M.C. Hammer is considered a \"forefather/pioneer\" and innovator of pop rap, and is the first hip hop artist to achieve diamond status for an album. Hammer was later considered a sellout due in part to overexposure as an entertainer and as a result of being too \"commercial\" when rap was \"hardcore\" at one point, then his image later becoming increasingly \"gritty\" to once again adapt to the ever-changing landscape of rap. Regardless, BET ranked Hammer as the #7 \"Best Dancer Of All Time\". Vibe's \"The Best Rapper Ever Tournament\" declared him the 17th favorite of all-time during the first round.
/m/01vj9c	Bass describes musical instruments that produce tones in the low-pitched range. They belong to different families of instruments and can cover a wide range of musical roles. Since producing low pitches usually requires a long air column or string, the string and wind bass instruments are usually the largest instruments in their families or instrument classes.\nAs seen in the musical instrument classification article, categorizing instruments can be difficult. For example, some instruments fall into more than one category. The cello is considered a tenor instrument in some orchestral settings, but in a string quartet it is the bass instrument.\nExamples grouped by general form and playing technique include:\nDouble bass from the viol or violin family\nBass guitar and acoustic bass guitar, instruments shaped, constructed and held like guitars, that play in the bass range. The electric bass guitar is usually the instrument referred to as a \"bass\" in pop and rock music.
/m/0d33k	Rouen, in north-western France on the River Seine, is the capital of the Haute-Normandie region and the historic capital city of Normandy. Once one of the largest and most prosperous cities of medieval Europe, it was the seat of the Exchequer of Normandy in the Middle Ages. It was one of the capitals of the Anglo-Norman dynasties, which ruled both England and large parts of modern France from the 11th to the 15th centuries. It was here that Joan of Arc was executed in 1431. People from Rouen are called Rouennais.\nThe population of the metropolitan area at the 1999 census was 518,316, and 532,559 at the 2007 estimate. The city proper had an estimated population of 110,276 in 2007.
/m/01sxd1	Sarah Brightman is an English classical crossover light lyric soprano, actress, songwriter and dancer. She has sung in many languages, including English, Spanish, French, Latin, German, Italian, Russian, Mandarin Chinese, Japanese, Catalan and Occitan.\nBrightman began her career as a member of the dance troupe Hot Gossip and released several disco singles as a solo performer. In 1981, she made her West End musical theatre debut in Cats and met composer Andrew Lloyd Webber, whom she married. She went on to star in several West End and Broadway musicals, including The Phantom of the Opera, where she originated the role of Christine Daaé. The Original London Cast Album of the musical was released in CD format in 1987 and sold 40 million copies worldwide, making it the biggest-selling cast album of all time.\nAfter retiring from the stage and divorcing Lloyd Webber, Brightman resumed her music career with former Enigma producer Frank Peterson, this time as a classical crossover artist. She is often credited as the creator of this genre and remains among the most prominent performers, with worldwide sales of more than 30 million records and 2 million DVDs, establishing herself as the world's best-selling soprano of all time.
/m/0dq_5	A chief executive officer is the highest-ranking corporate officer or administrator in charge of total management of an organization. An individual appointed as a CEO of a corporation, company, organization, or agency typically reports to the board of directors. In British English, terms often used as synonyms for CEO include managing director and chief executive.
/m/0cn_tpv	The Kingdom of France, was a medieval and early modern monarchy in Western Europe, the predecessor of the modern French Republic. It was one of the most powerful states in Europe, a great power since the Late Middle Ages and the Hundred Years' War. It was also an early colonial power, with significant possessions in North America.\nFrance originated as West Francia, the western half of the Carolingian empire, with the Treaty of Verdun. A branch of the Carolingian dynasty continued to rule until 987, when Hugh Capet was elected king and founded the Capetian dynasty. The territory remained known as Francia and its ruler as rex Francorum well into the High Middle Ages. The first king calling himself roi de France was Philip II, in 1190. France continued to be ruled by the Capetians and their cadet lines—the Valois and Bourbon—until the monarchy was overthrown in 1792 during the French Revolution.\nFrance in the Middle Ages was a de-centralised, feudal state. In Brittany and Catalonia the authority of the French king was barely felt. Lorraine and Provence were states of the Holy Roman Empire and not yet a part of France. Initially, West Frankish kings were elected by the secular and ecclesiastic magnates, but the regular coronation of the eldest son of the reigning king during his father's lifetime established the principle of male primogeniture, which became codified in the Salic law. During the late Middle Ages, the Kings of England laid claim to the French throne, resulting in a series of conflicts known as the Hundred Years' War. Subsequently France sought to extend its influence into Italy, but was defeated by Spain in the ensuing Italian Wars.
/m/05hf_5	The University of Ghana is the oldest and largest of the thirteen Ghanaian universities and tertiary institutions. It was founded in 1948 as the University College of the Gold Coast, and was originally an affiliate college of the University of London, which supervised its academic programmes and awarded degrees. It gained full university status in 1961, and now has nearly 40,000 students.\nThe original emphasis was on the liberal arts, social sciences, basic science, agriculture, and medicine, but the curriculum was expanded to provide more technology-based and vocational courses and postgraduate training.\nThe university is mainly based at Legon, about twelve kilometres northeast of the centre of Accra. The medical school is in Korle Bu, with a teaching hospital and secondary campus in the city of Accra. It also has a graduate school of nuclear and allied sciences at the Ghana Atomic Energy Commission, making it one of the few universities on the Africa continent offering programmes in nuclear physics and nuclear engineering.
/m/03prz_	Orlando is a 1992 drama romance film written by Sally Potter and Virginia Woolf and directed by Sally Potter.
/m/05kr_	Ontario is one of the ten provinces of Canada, located in east-central Canada. It is Canada's most populous province by a large margin, accounting for nearly 40% of all Canadians, and is the second largest province in total area. Ontario is fourth largest in total area when the territories of the Northwest Territories and Nunavut are included. It is home to the nation's capital city, Ottawa, and the nation's most populous city, Toronto.\nOntario is bordered by the province of Manitoba to the west, Hudson Bay and James Bay to the north, and Quebec to the east, and to the south by the U.S. states of Minnesota, Michigan, New York, Ohio and Pennsylvania. All but a small part of Ontario's 2,700 km border with the United States follows inland waterways: from the west at Lake of the Woods, eastward along the major rivers and lakes of the Great Lakes/Saint Lawrence River drainage system. These are the Rainy River, the Pigeon River, Lake Superior, the St. Marys River, Lake Huron, the St. Clair River, Lake St. Clair, the Detroit River, Lake Erie, the Niagara River, Lake Ontario and along the St. Lawrence River from Kingston, Ontario, to the Quebec boundary just east of Cornwall, Ontario.
/m/0284gcb	Ron Weiner is an American television writer. He has written for several shows, including 30 Rock, NewsRadio, Futurama, Arrested Development, Father of the Pride, and Help Me Help You.\nDuring his job writing for Futurama Ron has noted in the audio commentary of Spanish Fry that he tries to get Bender to dance in every episode he writes.\nHe has worked as a writer on the NBC comedy series 30 Rock. He was nominated for the Writers Guild of America Award award for Best Comedy Series at the February 2009 ceremony for his work on the third season.
/m/0bdwqv	This is a list of winners of the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Miniseries or a Movie.
/m/029q3k	Notts County Football Club is a professional football club based in Nottingham, England. Formed on 28 November 1862, Notts County are the oldest football team in the world to currently play at a professional level. Between 1888–89 and 2012–13 they played a total of 4,710 Football League matches – more than any other English team. They currently play in League One of The Football League, the third tier in the English football league system. County play their home games at Meadow Lane in black and white striped shirts.\nThe club has had several spells in the top division of English football, most recently in 1991–92, when County played in the old First Division. Notable former managers of Notts County include Jimmy Sirrel, Howard Wilkinson, Neil Warnock, Howard Kendall and Sam Allardyce. The club has had several owners. In the 21st century, a series of financial problems has seen the club owned by a Supporters' trust, who sold the club to Munto Finance – a subsidiary of Qadbak Investments. Further monetary difficulties saw the club sold, for a nominal fee, to Peter Trembling, who then sold the club to Ray Trew for £1 after the club had been served with two winding up petitions from HM Revenue and Customs due to demands for a late PAYE payment of around £500,000.
/m/0jmbv	The Milwaukee Bucks are a professional basketball team based in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. They are part of the Central Division of the Eastern Conference in the National Basketball Association. The team was founded in 1968 as an expansion team, and currently plays at the BMO Harris Bradley Center. Former U.S. Senator Herb Kohl is the owner of the team, with John Hammond as general manager. The Bucks have won one league title, two conference titles, and thirteen division titles. They have featured such notable players as Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Sidney Moncrief, Oscar Robertson, Bob Lanier, Glenn \"Big Dog\" Robinson, Ray Allen, Andrew Bogut, Michael Redd, Terry Cummings, Vin Baker, Jon McGlocklin, and Brandon Jennings.
/m/0294fd	Miranda Otto is an Australian actress. The daughter of actors Barry and Lindsay Otto, and the sister of actress Gracie Otto, Brisbane-born Miranda began her acting career at age 18 in 1986, and has appeared in a variety of independent and major studio films. Otto made her major film debut in Emma's War, in which she played a teenager who moves to Australia's bush country during World War II.\nAfter a decade of critically acclaimed roles in Australian films, Otto gained Hollywood's attention during the 1990s after appearing in supporting roles in the films The Thin Red Line and What Lies Beneath. She become a household name in the early 2000s for playing Éowyn in Peter Jackson's The Lord of the Rings film trilogy.
/m/01kj5h	Blackpool Football Club are an English football club founded in 1887 and based in the Lancashire seaside town of Blackpool. For the 2013–14 English season, the team are competing in the Football League Championship, the second tier of professional football in England, for the third-consecutive season. When they reached the Premier League, at the end of the 2009–10 campaign, Blackpool became the first club in English football to have won promotion from every division of the Football League via the play-off system.\nBlackpool's home ground has been Bloomfield Road since 1901. Their main nickname is the Seasiders, though they are also called the 'Pool and the Tangerines, the latter in reference to the colour of their home kit, which is often referred to as orange. The club's motto is Progress, as featured on the club crest. Blackpool have a local rivalry with Preston North End and matches between the two clubs are known as the West Lancashire derby.\nBlackpool's most notable achievement is winning the 1953 FA Cup Final, the so-called \"Matthews Final\", in which they beat Bolton Wanderers 4–3, overturning a 1–3 deficit in the closing stages of the game. During that post-war period, Blackpool made three FA Cup Final appearances in six years and, during the 1950s, had four top six finishes in the Football League First Division, their best position being runners-up to Manchester United in the 1955–56 season. In 1953, four Blackpool players were in the England team against Hungary at Wembley, causing the Daily Mirror to declare that \"Blackpool are playing Hungary today\", though England lost. Blackpool's least successful period was in the 1980s particularly when, in the 1982–83 season, they finished 21st in English League football's lowest tier, their lowest-ever League finish.
/m/01t_1p	Contemporary worship music is a loosely defined genre of Christian music used in contemporary worship. It has developed over the past sixty years and is stylistically similar to pop music. The songs are frequently referred to as \"praise songs\" or \"worship songs\" and are typically led by a \"worship band\" or \"praise team\", with either a guitarist or pianist leading. It is becoming a common genre of music sung in Western churches, particularly in Pentecostal churches, both denominational and nondenominational. Also many non Charismatic Protestant Churches use this type of music. Some do so exclusively. Others have services that are just traditional along with services that are just contemporary. Others simply mix this type of music in with traditional. Some Protestant churches avoid this music and remain traditional. Also, Roman Catholic churches are using this type of music in some parishes. Some mix it in with more traditional music; others have certain masses with just contemporary worship music along with traditional masses; others only use contemporary; many others steer clear of contemporary worship and stick with traditional. The type of music used in such churches both Catholic and Protestant has little bearing on theological ideology or whether a church is liberal, moderate, or conservative.
/m/01gc7	Braveheart is a 1995 historical drama war film directed by and starring Mel Gibson. Gibson portrays William Wallace, a 13th-century Scottish warrior who led the Scots in the First War of Scottish Independence against King Edward I of England. The story is based on Blind Harry's epic poem The Actes and Deidis of the Illustre and Vallyeant Campioun Schir William Wallace and was adapted for the screen by Randall Wallace. It has been described as one of the most historically inaccurate modern films.\nThe film was nominated for ten Academy Awards at the 68th Academy Awards and won five including Best Picture, Best Makeup, Best Cinematography, Best Film Editing, and Best Director.
/m/03n0cd	Evolution is a 2001 American science fiction comedy film directed by Ivan Reitman and starring David Duchovny, Orlando Jones, Seann William Scott, Julianne Moore and Ted Levine. In the United States, it was released by DreamWorks and internationally, by Columbia Pictures.\nThe plot of the film follows college professor Ira Kane and geologist Harry Block who investigate a meteor crash in Arizona. They discover that the meteor is harboring extraterrestrial life which is evolving very quickly into large, diverse and outlandish creatures.\nEvolution was based on a story by Don Jakoby, who converted it into a screenplay along with David Diamond and David Weissman. The movie was originally written as a serious horror science fiction film, until director Ivan Reitman re-wrote much of the script. Shooting took place in California with an $80 million budget and the film was released in the United States on June 8, 2001. The movie grossed $98,376,292 internationally. Reviews for the film were mostly unfavorable, as the movie review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes gave the film a 43% positive rating.\nA short-lived animated series, Alienators: Evolution Continues, loosely based on the film, was broadcast months after the movie was released.
/m/0193f	Big beat is a style of music that typically uses heavy breakbeats and synthesizer-generated loops and patterns common to techno and acid house. The term has been used since the mid-1990s by the British music press to describe music by artists such as The Prodigy, Cut La Roc, Fatboy Slim, The Chemical Brothers, The Crystal Method, and Propellerheads.
/m/01swmr	The Conservative Party of Canada is a political party in Canada which was formed by the merger of the Canadian Alliance and the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada in 2003. It is positioned on the right of the Canadian political spectrum. The party came to power in the 2006 federal election as a minority government, a position it maintained after the 2008 election, before winning its first majority government in 2011.
/m/03_2td	Alan Hugh Dale is a New Zealand actor. As a child, Dale developed a love of theatre and also became a rugby player. After retiring from the sport he took on a number of professions to support his family, before deciding to become a professional actor at the age of 27. With work limited in New Zealand, Dale moved to Australia, where he played Dr. John Forrest in The Young Doctors from 1979 to 1982. He later appeared as Jim Robinson in Neighbours, a part he played for eight years. He left the series when he fell out with the producers over the pay he and the rest of the cast received.\nAfter leaving Neighbours, Dale became typecast as Robinson in Australia and struggled to find work. His career was revitalised after he relocated to the United States in 2000. Since then he has had roles in many American series including prominent parts in The O.C. and Ugly Betty, as well as recurring and guest roles in Lost, 24, NCIS, ER, The West Wing, The X-Files, Entourage and Once Upon a Time. Dale has also appeared in minor roles in films such as Star Trek Nemesis, Hollywood Homicide, Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, as well as the London West End production of Spamalot. Dale has been married to former Miss Australia Tracey Pearson since 1990 and has four children.
/m/09l9xt	Shane Edward Smeltz is a New Zealand footballer who plays as a striker for Perth Glory FC in the A-League. He is the league's all-time leading goalscorer.\nSmeltz has scored 23 goals in 50 international matches for New Zealand, and played at the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
/m/01771z	Cobra is a 1986 American action film directed by George P. Cosmatos, and written by Sylvester Stallone, who also starred in the lead role. The film co-stars Reni Santoni, Brigitte Nielsen and Andrew Robinson. The film received negative reviews, with the overuse of genre tropes criticized, yet it debuted at the number one spot on the U.S. box office.\nThe screenplay by Stallone was originally written for the film Beverly Hills Cop. It was loosely based on the novel Fair Game by Paula Gosling, which was later filmed under that title in 1995. He had wanted to make a less comedic, more action-oriented film. When he left that project, Eddie Murphy was brought in to play the lead role.
/m/0ftlx	Tehran, is the capital of Iran and Tehran Province. With a population of around 8.3 million and surpassing 14 million in the wider metropolitan area, Tehran is Iran's largest city and urban area, and the largest city in Western Asia.\nIn the 20th and 21st centuries, Tehran has been the subject of mass migration of people from all around Iran. The city is home to many historic mosques, churches, synagogues and Zoroastrian fire temples. However, modern structures, notably Azadi Tower and the Milad Tower, have come to symbolise the city. Tehran is ranked 29th in the world by the population of its metropolitan area. Throughout Iran's history, the capital has been moved many times, and Tehran is the 32nd national capital of Iran although it has been Iran's capital for about 220 years. Although a variety of unofficial languages are spoken, roughly 99% of the population understand and speak Persian. The majority of people in Tehran identify themselves as Persians. In pre-Islamic and early Islamic times, Tehran was an unimportant village and part of the area of present-day Tehran was occupied by Ray, now a part of the city of Tehran, which took over its role after the destruction of Ray by the Mongols in the early 13th century.
/m/01m23s	Waterbury is a city in the U.S. state of Connecticut on the Naugatuck River, 33 miles southwest of Hartford and 77 miles northeast of New York City. As of the 2010 census, Waterbury had a total population of 110,366, making it the 10th largest city in the New York Metropolitan Area, 9th largest city in New England and the 5th largest city in Connecticut.\nThroughout the first half of the 20th century Waterbury had large industrial interests and was the leading center in the United States for the manufacture of brassware, as reflected in the nickname the \"Brass City\" and the city's motto Quid Aere Perennius?, which echoes the Latin of Horace's Ode 3.30. It was noted for the manufacture of watches and clocks.\nThe city is located along Interstate 84 and Route 8 and has a Metro-North railroad station with connections to Grand Central Terminal. Waterbury is also home to Post University and the regional campuses of the University of Connecticut, University of Bridgeport, Western Connecticut State University as well as Naugatuck Valley Community College.
/m/0jhjl	Peking University is a comprehensive and National key university. The campus, known as \"Yan Yuan\"-- the gardens of Yan, is situated at the northeast of the Haidian District at the western suburbs of Beijing. It stands near the Yuan Ming Gardens and the Summer Palace.The University consists of 30 colleges and 12 departments, with 93 specialties for undergraduates,2 specialties for the second Bachelor's degree, 199 specialties for Master candidates and 173 specialties for Doctoral candidates. While still laying stress on basic sciences, the university has paid special attention to the development of applied sciences.At present, Peking university has 216 research institutes and research centres, and there are 2 national engineering research centres, 81 key national disciplines, 12 national key laboratories.The university has made an effective combination of the research on important scientific issues with the training of personnel with high level specialized knowledge and professional skill as demanded by the country's socialist modernization. It strives not only for the simultaneous improvements in teaching and research work, but also for the promotion of interaction and mutual promotion among various subjects.\r\nThus Peking University has become a center for teaching and research and a university of the new type, consisting of diverse branches of learning such as pure and applied sciences, social sciences and the humanities, and sciences of management and education. Its aim is to rank among the world's best universities at the beginning of the next century.
/m/01c6l	Brian Russell De Palma is an American film director and screenwriter. In a career spanning over 40 years, he is probably best known for his suspense and crime thriller films. He directed successful and popular films such as Carrie, Dressed to Kill, Scarface, The Untouchables, Carlito's Way, and Mission: Impossible. De Palma is credited with fostering the careers of or outrightly discovering Robert De Niro, Jill Clayburgh, John C. Reilly, John Leguizamo, Andy Garcia and Margot Kidder.
/m/025_ql1	Paul Michael Gross is a Canadian actor, producer, director, singer and writer born in Calgary, Alberta. He is known for his lead role as Constable Benton Fraser in the television series Due South as well as his 2008 war film Passchendaele, which he wrote, produced, directed, and starred in. During Due South's final season, Gross acted as executive producer in addition to starring, wrote the season three opener and finale, the two part series finale and wrote and sang songs for the show, some of which can be found on the two Due South soundtracks. He later found success with another Canadian TV series, Slings and Arrows. He also produced one film with Akshay Kumar called Speedy Singhs starring Camilla Belle and Vinay Virmani.
/m/03k48_	Paul Andrew \"Andy\" Richter is an American actor, writer, comedian, and late night talk show announcer. He is best known for his role as the sidekick of Conan O'Brien on each of the host's programs: Late Night and The Tonight Show on NBC, and Conan on TBS. He is also known for his voice work in the Madagascar films and for starring in the sitcoms Quintuplets, Andy Richter Controls the Universe, and Andy Barker, P.I..
/m/01w7nwm	Lonnie Rashid Lynn, Jr., better known by his stage name Common, is an American hip hop recording artist and actor from Chicago, Illinois. Common debuted in 1992, with the album Can I Borrow a Dollar? and maintained a significant underground following into the late 1990s, after which he gained notable mainstream success through his work with the Soulquarians. In 2011, Common launched Think Common Entertainment, his own record label imprint and in the past has released music under various other labels such as Relativity, Geffen and GOOD Music, among others.\nCommon's first major-label album Like Water for Chocolate, received widespread critical acclaim and tremendous commercial success. His first Grammy Award was in 2003, winning Best R&B Song for \"Love of My Life\", with Erykah Badu. Its popularity was matched by May 2005's Be, which was nominated for Best Rap Album, at the 2006 Grammy Awards. Common was awarded his second Grammy for Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group, for \"Southside\", from his July 2007 album Finding Forever. His best-of album, Thisisme Then: The Best of Common, was released on November 27, 2007.
/m/01fx4k	Women in Love is a 1969 British romantic drama film directed by Ken Russell and starring Alan Bates, Oliver Reed, Glenda Jackson, and Jennie Linden. The film was adapted by Larry Kramer from D. H. Lawrence's novel of the same name.\nThe plot follows the relationships between two sisters and two men in a mining town in post First World War England. The two couples take markedly different directions. The film explores the nature of commitment and love.\nThe film was nominated for Best Cinematography, Best Director and Best Writing, Screenplay Based on Material from Another Medium. Jackson won the Academy Award for Best Actress for her role, as well as a slew of critics' honours.
/m/05q8pss	The Razzie Award for Worst Original Song is an award presented at the annual Golden Raspberry Awards for the worst song written for a film in the previous year. The following is a list of recipients and nominees of that award, along with the film for which they were nominated. This category is not always awarded each year.\nThree songs have been nominated for both this award and the Academy Award for Best Original Song: \"Life in a Looking Glass,\" from That's Life!; \"How Do I Live,\" from Con Air; and \"I Don't Want to Miss a Thing,\" from Armageddon. None of these songs won either award.
/m/05crg7	Santana is a Latin music influenced, Grammy Award winning, Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, rock band. Founded in San Francisco during the late 1960s, it is based around the compositions and playing of lead guitarist and founder Carlos Santana. The band first came to widespread public attention when their performance of their Latin rock song \"Soul Sacrifice\" at Woodstock in 1969 provided a contrast to other acts on the bill. This exposure helped propel their first album, also named Santana, into a hit, followed in the next two years by the successful Abraxas and Santana III.\nIn the years that followed lineup changes were common. Carlos Santana's increasing involvement with guru Sri Chinmoy took the band into more esoteric music, though never quite losing its initial Latin influence.\nIn 1998, the group was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, with Carlos Santana, Jose Chepito Areas, David Brown, Gregg Rolie, Mike Carabello and Michael Shrieve being honored.\nThe band has earned eight Grammy Awards and three Latin Grammy Awards, the latter all in 2000. Carlos also won Grammy Awards as a solo artist in 1989 and 2003. Santana has sold more than 90 million records worldwide, making them one of the world’s best-selling groups of all time. In 2013 Santana announced a reunion of the classic line-up for a new record, predicting a 2014 release.
/m/01w7nww	Erykah Abi Wright, better known by her stage name Erykah Badu, is an American singer-songwriter, record producer, activist, and actress. Badu's career began after opening a show for D'Angelo in 1994 in her hometown, Kedar Massenburg was highly impressed with her performance and signed her to Kedar Entertainment. Her first album, Baduizm, was released on February 11, 1997. It spawned three singles: \"On & On\", \"Next Lifetime\" and \"Otherside of the Game\". The album was certified triple Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America.\nBadu's first live album, Live, was released on November 18, 1997. It produced two singles: \"Apple Tree\" and \"Tyrone\". The album was certified double Platinum by the RIAA. Badu's second album, Mama's Gun, was released on October 31, 2000. It spawned three singles: \"Bag Lady\", \"Didn't Cha Know?\" and \"Cleva\". The album was certified Platinum by the RIAA. Badu's third album, Worldwide Underground, was released on September 16, 2003. It generated two singles: \"Danger\" and \"Back in the Day\". The album was certified Gold by the RIAA. Badu's fourth album, New Amerykah Part One, was released on February 26, 2008. It spawned two singles: \"Honey\" and \"Soldier\". New Amerykah Part Two was release in 2010 and fared well both critically and commercially.
/m/0y2tr	Deathrock is a sub-genre of punk rock incorporating horror elements and spooky atmospherics, that emerged on the West Coast of the United States in the early 1980s.
/m/0d0kn	Georgia is a country in the Caucasus region of Eurasia. Located at the crossroads of Western Asia and Eastern Europe, it is bounded to the west by the Black Sea, to the north by Russia, to the south by Turkey and Armenia, and to the southeast by Azerbaijan. The capital of Georgia is Tbilisi. Georgia covers a territory of 69,700 square kilometres, and its population is almost 5 million. Georgia is a unitary, semi-presidential republic, with the government elected through a representative democracy.\nDuring the classical era, independent kingdoms became established in what is now Georgia. The kingdoms of Colchis and Iberia adopted Christianity in the early 4th century. A unified Kingdom of Georgia reached the peak of its political and economic strength during the reign of King David IV and Queen Tamar in the 11th–12th centuries. At the beginning of the 19th century, Georgia was annexed by the Russian Empire. After a brief period of independence following the Russian Revolution of 1917, Georgia was occupied by Soviet Russia in 1921, becoming the Georgian Soviet Socialist Republic and part of the Soviet Union. After independence in 1991, post-communist Georgia suffered from civil unrest and economic crisis for most of the 1990s. This lasted until the Rose Revolution of 2003, after which the new government introduced democratic and economic reforms.
/m/013yq	Atlanta is the capital of and the most populous city in the U.S. state of Georgia, with an estimated 2011 population of 432,427. Atlanta is the cultural and economic center of the Atlanta metropolitan area, home to 5,457,831 people and the ninth largest metropolitan area in the United States. Atlanta is the county seat of Fulton County, and a small portion of the city extends eastward into DeKalb County.\nAtlanta was established in 1837 at the intersection of two railroad lines, and the city rose from the ashes of the Civil War to become a national center of commerce. In the decades following the Civil Rights Movement, during which the city earned a reputation as \"too busy to hate\" for the progressive views of its citizens and leaders, Atlanta attained international prominence. Atlanta is the primary transportation hub of the Southeastern United States, via highway, railroad, and air, with Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport being the world's busiest airport since 1998.\nAtlanta is considered an \"alpha world city,\" and with a gross domestic product of US$270 billion, Atlanta's economy ranks 15th among world cities and sixth in the nation. Although Atlanta’s economy is considered diverse, dominant sectors include logistics, professional and business services, media operations, and information technology. Topographically, Atlanta is marked by rolling hills and dense tree coverage. Revitalization of Atlanta's neighborhoods, initially spurred by the 1996 Olympics, has intensified in the 21st century, altering the city's demographics, politics, and culture.
/m/0cc07	Frederick County is a county located in the northern part of the U.S. state of Maryland, bordering the southern border of Pennsylvania and the northeastern border of Virginia. As of the 2010 U.S. Census, the population was 233,385. The county is home to Catoctin Mountain Park and to the U.S. Army's Fort Detrick. The county seat is Frederick, which was home to several celebrated historical figures like Francis Scott Key, Thomas Johnson, Roger B. Taney, and Barbara Fritchie.\nFrederick County is a part of the Washington metropolitan area which is part of the greater Baltimore–Washington metropolitan area. As a result, the county has experienced a rapid population increase in recent years. The county is sometimes associated with Western Maryland, depending on the definition used.
/m/0266sb_	Real Club Celta de Vigo, or simply Celta Vigo, is a Spanish professional football club based in Vigo, Galicia, currently playing in the Primera División. It was founded on 23 August 1923 following the merger of Real Vigo Sporting and Real Fortuna Foot-ball Club. Nicknamed Os Celestes, they play in sky blue shirts and white shorts. The club's home stadium is Balaídos, which seats 32,500 spectators.\nCelta Vigo have played many seasons in La Liga, but have never won a league title or the Copa del Rey. One of their best seasons was 1970–71, when they finished unbeaten at home and were known as the \"giant-killers.\" Celta came sixth that season and qualified for the UEFA Cup for the first time. More recently, the club finished in their best-ever position of fourth in 2002–03, qualifying for the 2003–04 UEFA Champions League, where they were eliminated by Arsenal.
/m/07qzv	Tel Aviv is the second most populous city in Israel, with a population of 414,600 within its administrative limits. It is located on the Mediterranean coast in central-west Israel, within Gush Dan, Israel's largest metropolitan area, containing 42% of Israel's population. It is also the largest and most populous city in Gush Dan, which is collectively home to 3,464,100 residents. The city is governed by the Tel Aviv-Yafo municipality, headed by Ron Huldai. Residents of Tel Aviv are referred to as Tel Avivim. As the United Nations and all other countries do not recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, Tel Aviv is home to many foreign embassies.\nTel Aviv was founded by the Jewish community on the outskirts of the ancient port city of Jaffa in 1909. Jewish immigration meant that the growth of Tel Aviv soon outpaced Jaffa, which had a majority Arab population at the time. Tel Aviv and Jaffa were merged into a single municipality in 1950, two years after the establishment of the State of Israel. Tel Aviv's White City, designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2003, comprises the world's largest concentration of Bauhaus buildings.
/m/0bpsmq	Life simulation games is a sub-genre of simulation video games in which the player lives or controls one or more virtual lifeforms. A life simulation game can revolve around \"individuals and relationships, or it could be a simulation of an ecosystem\".
/m/02fbb5	The New Zealand cricket team, nicknamed the Black Caps, are the national cricket team representing New Zealand. They played their first Test in 1930 against England in Christchurch, New Zealand, becoming the fifth country to play Test cricket. It took the team until 1955–56 to win a Test, against the West Indies at Eden Park in Auckland. They played their first ODI in the 1972–73 season against Pakistan in Christchurch.\nThe current Test, One-day and Twenty20 captain is Brendon McCullum. McCullum replaced Ross Taylor who replaced Daniel Vettori after Vettori stepped down following the 2011 World Cup. Vettori had replaced New Zealand's most successful captain, Stephen Fleming, who led New Zealand to 28 Test victories, more than twice as many as any other New Zealand captain. The national team is organised by New Zealand Cricket.\nThe New Zealand cricket team became known as the Black Caps in January 1998, after its sponsor at the time, Clear Communications, held a competition to choose a name for the team. Official New Zealand Cricket sources typeset the nickname as BLACKCAPS.\nAs of February 2014, New Zealand have played 391 Test matches, winning 75, losing 158 and drawing 158.
/m/01rc4p	John Allen Astin is an American actor who has appeared in numerous films and television shows, and is best known for the roles of Gomez Addams on The Addams Family, Evil Roy Slade, and other similarly eccentric comedic characters.
/m/0320fn	Short Cuts is a 1993 American comedy-drama film directed by Robert Altman. Filmed from a screenplay by Altman and Frank Barhydt, it is inspired by nine short stories and a poem by Raymond Carver. Substituting a Los Angeles setting for the Pacific Northwest backdrop of Carver's stories, the film traces the actions of 22 principal characters, both in parallel and at occasional loose points of connection. The role of chance and luck is central to the film, and many of the stories concern death and infidelity.\nThe film features an ensemble cast including Matthew Modine, Julianne Moore, Fred Ward, Anne Archer, Jennifer Jason Leigh, Robert Downey, Jr., Chris Penn, Jack Lemmon, Andie MacDowell, Buck Henry, Lily Tomlin, and musicians Huey Lewis and Tom Waits.
/m/02bvt	David Lawrence Angell was an American producer of sitcoms. Angell won multiple Emmy Awards as the creator and executive producer, along with Peter Casey and David Lee, of the comedy series Frasier. Angell and his wife Lynn both died aboard American Airlines Flight 11, the first plane to hit the World Trade Center, during the September 11 attacks.
/m/017236	Chongqing, formerly romanized as Chungking, is a major city in Southwest China and one of the five national central cities in the People's Republic of China. Administratively, it is one of the PRC's four direct-controlled municipalities, and the only such municipality in inland China.\nThe municipality was created on 14 March 1997, succeeding the sub-provincial city administration that was part of Sichuan province. As of April 29, 2011, the municipality had a population of 28,846,170, although the urbanized area is estimated to have a population of only 6 or 7 million, whereas the greater area comprises some 34.000.000 people all together. Chongqing is the largest direct-controlled municipality in China, and comprises 19 districts, 15 counties, and 4 autonomous counties.\nThe official abbreviation of the city, 渝, was approved by the State Council on 18 April 1997. Chongqing was also a municipality of the Republic of China administration, serving as its wartime capital during the Second Sino-Japanese War. Its abbreviated name is derived from the old name of a part of the Jialing River that runs through Chongqing and feeds into the Yangtze River.
/m/0h336	Johann Christoph Friedrich von Schiller was a German poet, philosopher, historian, and playwright. During the last seventeen years of his life, Schiller struck up a productive, if complicated, friendship with already famous and influential Johann Wolfgang von Goethe. They frequently discussed issues concerning aesthetics, and Schiller encouraged Goethe to finish works he left as sketches. This relationship and these discussions led to a period now referred to as Weimar Classicism. They also worked together on Xenien, a collection of short satirical poems in which both Schiller and Goethe challenge opponents to their philosophical vision.
/m/0m123	The Waltons is an American television series created by Earl Hamner, Jr., based on his book Spencer's Mountain, and a 1963 film of the same name. The show is centered on a family in a rural Virginia community during the Great Depression and World War II.\nThe series pilot aired as a television movie entitled The Homecoming: A Christmas Story and was broadcast on December 19, 1971. Beginning in September 1972, the series originally aired on CBS for a total of nine seasons. After the series was canceled by CBS in 1981, NBC aired three television movie sequels in 1982, with three more in the 1990s. The Waltons was produced by Lorimar Productions and distributed by Warner Bros. Domestic Television Distribution in syndication.
/m/05mv4	Oberlin College is a private liberal arts college in Oberlin, Ohio, noteworthy for having been the first American institution of higher learning to regularly admit female and black students in addition to white males. The Oberlin Conservatory of Music, part of the college, is the oldest continuously operating conservatory in the country and \"among the most prestigious in the world.\" Oberlin is noted for its political and social significance, often serving as \"the prototype for progress even in the face of strong resistance.\"\nOberlin is a member of the Great Lakes Colleges Association and the Five Colleges of Ohio consortium.
/m/02hv44_	A playwright, also known as a dramatist, is a person who writes dramatic literature or drama. These works may be written specifically to be performed by actors, or they may be closet dramas - simple literary works - written using dramatic forms, but not meant for performance.
/m/04mp8g	Stade Malherbe Caen is a professional French football team, playing in the city of Caen, Normandy. The club was founded on 17 November 1913 following the merger of Club Malherbe Caennais and Club Sportif Caennais. The team takes its name from Lycée Malherbe, named after François de Malherbe, a poet, critic and translator, who was a native of Caen.\nFor the longest part of its history, SM Caen remains one of the leading amateur club in France, playing upon its foundation at stade de Venoix. The late 1980s and early 1990s saw the rise of Stade Malherbe into French football hierarchy. In 1985, Stade Malherbe adopted professional status. Three seasons later, it was promoted for the first time in first division. In 1992, several months after it was narrowly saved from bankruptcy, the club ends at fifth place of Division 1 and qualifies for the UEFA Cup. In 1993, the club moved to the modern Stade Michel d'Ornano, but was relegated two years later. Despite a second division title won in 1996, SM Caen quickly fell back into the anonymity of the second division.\nThe late 2000s saw Stade Malherbe regain some sporting success, which allows it to play several seasons in Ligue 1 and reach the final of the Coupe de la Ligue in 2005. The club has been chaired by Jean-François Fortin since 2002, and the team managed since 2005 by Franck Dumas, assisted by Patrice Garande since 2009. In the 2008–09 season, the team was once again relegated to Ligue 2 after losing 1–0 at home to Bordeaux, but were promoted back at the first attempt. In 2012, SM Caen were relegated for the third time in 10 years.
/m/0dqytn	The Witches of Eastwick is a 1987 American comedy-fantasy film based on John Updike's novel of the same name. Directed by George Miller, the film stars Jack Nicholson as Daryl Van Horne, alongside Cher, Michelle Pfeiffer and Susan Sarandon as the eponymous witches.
/m/05bpg3	Jeremy Samuel Piven is an American film producer and actor best known for his role as Ari Gold in the television series Entourage for which he has won one Golden Globe Award and three consecutive Emmy Awards as well as several other nominations for Best Supporting Actor.
/m/01tf_6	The term drug overdose describes the ingestion or application of a drug or other substance in quantities greater than are recommended or generally practiced. An overdose may result in a toxic state or death.
/m/022dp5	Polish Americans, are Americans who are of total or partial Polish descent. There are an estimated 10 million Polish Americans, representing about 3.2% of the U.S. population. Polish Americans are the largest European ethnic group in the United States of Slavic origin, second largest Central European group and the eighth largest ethnic group overall.\nPolish immigration began in 1608, when the first Polish settlers arrived at the Virginia Colony as skilled craftsmen. Two early immigrants, Kazimierz Pułaski and Tadeusz Kościuszko, led armies in the Revolutionary War and are remembered as national heroes. Overall, more than one million Poles have immigrated to the United States, primarily during the late 19th and early 20th centuries. Exact immigration numbers are unknown. Many immigrants were classified as \"Russian\", \"German\", and \"Austrian\" by the U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service because the Polish state did not exist from 1795 to 1918, and its borders had been dismantled through World War I and World War II. Complicating the U.S. Census figures further are the high proportion of Polish Americans who marry outside their ethnicity; in 1940, about 50 percent married other American ethnics, and a study in 1988 found that 54 percent of Polish Americans three generations or higher had been of mixed ancestry. The Polish American Cultural Center places a figure of Americans who have some Polish ancestry at 19-20 million.
/m/0cl_m	William Tecumseh Sherman was an American soldier, businessman, educator and author. He served as a General in the Union Army during the American Civil War, for which he received recognition for his outstanding command of military strategy as well as criticism for the harshness of the \"scorched earth\" policies that he implemented in conducting total war against the Confederate States.\nSherman served under General Ulysses S. Grant in 1862 and 1863 during the campaigns that led to the fall of the Confederate stronghold of Vicksburg on the Mississippi River and culminated with the routing of the Confederate armies in the state of Tennessee. In 1864, Sherman succeeded Grant as the Union commander in the western theater of the war. He proceeded to lead his troops to the capture of the city of Atlanta, a military success that contributed to the re-election of President Abraham Lincoln. Sherman's subsequent march through Georgia and the Carolinas further undermined the Confederacy's ability to continue fighting. He accepted the surrender of all the Confederate armies in the Carolinas, Georgia, and Florida in April 1865.\nWhen Grant assumed the U.S. presidency in 1869, Sherman succeeded him as Commanding General of the Army. As such, he was responsible for the U.S. Army's engagement in the Indian Wars over the next 15 years, in the western United States. He steadfastly refused to be drawn into politics and in 1875 published his Memoirs, one of the best-known first-hand accounts of the Civil War. British military historian B. H. Liddell Hart famously declared that Sherman was \"the first modern general\".
/m/0hqw8p_	Phylloquinone is a polycyclic aromatic ketone, based on 2-methyl-1,4-naphthoquinone, with a 3-phytyl substituent.\nIt is a fat-soluble vitamin that is stable to air and moisture but decomposes in sunlight. It is found naturally in a wide variety of green plants, particularly leaves, since it functions as an electron acceptor during photosynthesis, forming part of the electron transport chain of Photosystem I.
/m/09rvcvl	Made in Dagenham is a 2010 British film directed by Nigel Cole. The film stars Sally Hawkins, Bob Hoskins, Miranda Richardson, Geraldine James, Rosamund Pike, Andrea Riseborough, Jaime Winstone, Daniel Mays and Richard Schiff. It dramatises the Ford sewing machinists strike of 1968 that aimed for equal pay for women. The film's theme song, with lyrics by Billy Bragg, is performed by Sandie Shaw, herself a native of the area and a former Dagenham Ford clerk.
/m/040_9s0	Locus Award for Best Fantasy Novel is one of the awards given by Locus Magazine.
/m/03k3b	Hawkwind are an English rock band, one of the earliest space rock groups. Their lyrics favour urban and science fiction themes. They are considered a key link between the hippie and punk cultures. Hawkwind are primarily known for playing \"space-rock\", a hybrid of hard-rock and acid-rock that united the sonic power of the former and the free improvisation of the latter. Formed in November 1969, Hawkwind have gone through many incarnations and styles of music. Dozens of musicians, dancers and writers have worked with the group since their inception.
/m/0gjcrrw	I Don't Know How She Does It is a 2011 American comedy film based on Allison Pearson's novel of the same name. The film stars Sarah Jessica Parker, Pierce Brosnan, and Greg Kinnear.
/m/04pk1f	Charlie and the Chocolate Factory is a 2005 film directed by Tim Burton. It is the second film adaptation of the 1964 British book of the same name by Roald Dahl and stars Johnny Depp as Willy Wonka and Freddie Highmore as Charlie Bucket. The storyline concerns Charlie, who takes a tour he has won, led by Wonka, through the most magnificent chocolate factory in the world.\nDevelopment for another adaptation of Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, filmed previously as Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory, began in 1991, 20 years after the first film version, which resulted in Warner Brothers providing the Dahl Estate with total artistic control. Prior to Burton's involvement, directors such as Gary Ross, Rob Minkoff, Martin Scorsese and Tom Shadyac had been involved, while Warner Bros. either considered or discussed the role of Willy Wonka with Nicolas Cage, Jim Carrey, Michael Keaton, Brad Pitt, Will Smith and Adam Sandler.\nBurton immediately brought regular collaborators Johnny Depp and Danny Elfman aboard. Charlie and the Chocolate Factory represents the first time since The Nightmare Before Christmas that Elfman contributed to the film score using written songs and his vocals. Filming took place from June to December 2004 at Pinewood Studios in the United Kingdom, where Burton avoided using digital effects as much as possible. Charlie and the Chocolate Factory was released to critical praise and was a box office success, grossing approximately $475 million worldwide.
/m/0dscrwf	The Vow is a 2012 romantic drama film directed by Michael Sucsy, starring Channing Tatum and Rachel McAdams. The film is inspired on the true story of Kim and Krickitt Carpenter. The Vow was a box office success, becoming the seventh highest-grossing romantic drama film of all time.
/m/075p0r	Jayaram Subramaniam, better known as Jayaram, is an Indian film actor who predominantly acts in Malayalam films and at times in Tamil films. He is also a chenda percussionist and mimic artist.\nJayaram made his debut in Padmarajan's Aparan. He was cast again in Padmarajan's Moonnam Pakkam and Innale. He was able to create a mark for himself in the industry with films such as Peruvannapurathe Visheshangal, Thoovalsparsham, Nagarangalil Chennu Raparkam, and Georgootty C/O Georgootty. By the 1990s, he was most famous for his collaborations with Rajasenan, which turned out to be commercial hits, with films such as Ayalathe Adheham, Meleparambil Aanveedu, CID Unnikrishnan B.A., B.Ed., Aadyathe Kanmani, and The Car. Jayaram's films were such a success with the family audiences that he was labelled as the actor with the least risk, in terms of box office results. His association with director Sathyan Anthikad was also notable.\nJayram won his first Kerala State Film Award, a Special Jury Award, for his performance in the film Thooval Kottaram. He went on to win another Kerala State Film Award, and has won four Filmfare Awards South. In 2001, he won the Tamil Nadu State Film Award, Special Prize award, for his performance in Thenali. His performances in the films One Man Show, Manassinakkare, Veruthe Oru Bharya, Bhagyadevatha, Seetha Kalyanam and Thuppakki are memorable.
/m/01rqxn	The National Assembly is the lower house of the bicameral Parliament of France under the Fifth Republic. The upper house is the Senate. The National Assembly's members are known as députés.\nThere are 577 députés, each elected by a single-member constituency through a two-rounds system. 289 seats are therefore required for a majority. The assembly is presided over by a president, normally from the largest party represented, assisted by vice-presidents from across the represented political spectrum. The term of the National Assembly is five years; however, the President of the Republic may dissolve the Assembly unless he has dissolved it in the preceding twelve months. This measure is becoming rarer since the 2000 referendum reduced the President's term from seven to five years: a President usually has a majority elected in the Assembly two months after him, and it would be useless for him to dissolve it for those reasons.\nFollowing a tradition started by the first National Assembly during the French Revolution, the \"left-wing\" parties sit to the left as seen from the president's seat, and the \"right-wing\" parties sit to the right, and the seating arrangement thus directly indicates the political spectrum as represented in the Assembly. The official seat of the National Assembly is the Palais Bourbon on the banks of the river Seine; the Assembly also uses other neighbouring buildings, including the Immeuble Chaban-Delmas on the rue de l'Université. It is guarded by Republican Guards.
/m/07g7h2	Ryan Murphy is an American film and television screenwriter, director, and producer. Murphy is best known for creating or co-creating a number of television series, including Popular, Nip/Tuck, Glee, American Horror Story, and The New Normal.
/m/06bng	Robert Anson Heinlein was an American science fiction writer. Often called the \"dean of science fiction writers\", he was one of the most influential and controversial authors of the genre in his time. He set a standard for scientific and engineering plausibility, and helped to raise the genre's standards of literary quality.\nHe was one of the first science fiction writers to break into mainstream magazines such as The Saturday Evening Post in the late 1940s. He was one of the best-selling science fiction novelists for many decades, and he, Isaac Asimov, and Arthur C. Clarke are often considered to be the \"Big Three\" of science fiction authors.\nA notable writer of science fiction short stories, Heinlein was one of a group of writers who came to prominence under the editorship of John W. Campbell, Jr. in his Astounding Science Fiction magazine—though Heinlein denied that Campbell influenced his writing to any great degree.\nWithin the framework of his science fiction stories, Heinlein repeatedly addressed certain social themes: the importance of individual liberty and self-reliance, the obligation individuals owe to their societies, the influence of organized religion on culture and government, and the tendency of society to repress nonconformist thought. He also speculated on the influence of space travel on human cultural practices.
/m/025p38	Preity Zinta is an Indian film actress. She has appeared in Hindi films of Bollywood, as well as Telugu, Punjabi and English language films. After graduating with a degree in criminal psychology, Zinta made her acting debut in Dil Se.. in 1998 followed by a role in Soldier the same year. These performances earned her a Filmfare Award for Best Female Debut, and she was later recognised for her role as a teenage single mother in Kya Kehna. She subsequently played a variety of character types; her film roles along with her screen persona contributed to a change in the concept of a Hindi film heroine.\nZinta received the Filmfare Award for Best Actress in 2003 for her performance in the drama Kal Ho Naa Ho. She went on to play the lead female role in two consecutive annual top-grossing films in India: the science fiction film Koi... Mil Gaya, her biggest commercial success, and the star-crossed romance Veer-Zaara, which earned her critical acclaim. She was later noted for her portrayal of independent, modern Indian women in Salaam Namaste and Kabhi Alvida Naa Kehna, top-grossing productions in overseas markets. These accomplishments have established her as a leading actress of Hindi cinema. Her first international film role was in the Canadian film Heaven on Earth, for which she was awarded the Silver Hugo Award for Best Actress at the 2008 Chicago International Film Festival.
/m/015lhm	Carlos Ray \"Chuck\" Norris is an American martial artist and actor. After serving in the United States Air Force, he began his rise to fame as a martial artist, and has since founded his own school, Chun Kuk Do.\nNorris appeared in a number of action films, such as Way of the Dragon, in which he starred alongside Bruce Lee, and was The Cannon Group's leading star in the 1980s. He played the starring role in the television series Walker, Texas Ranger from 1993 until 2001.\nNorris is a devout Christian and politically conservative. He has written several books on Christianity and donated to a number of Republican candidates and causes. In 2007 and 2008, he campaigned for former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee, who was running for the Republican nomination for president in 2008. Norris also writes a column for the conservative website WorldNetDaily. Since 2005 Norris has been widely associated with an internet meme which documents fictional and often absurd feats associated with him.
/m/013rfk	The Cult are a British rock band formed in 1983. They gained a dedicated following in Britain in the mid-1980s as a post-punk band with singles such as \"She Sells Sanctuary\", before breaking mainstream in the United States in the late 1980s as a hard rock band with singles such as \"Love Removal Machine\" and \"Fire Woman\". The band fuse a \"heavy metal revivalist\" sound with the \"pseudo-mysticism ... of The Doors [and] the guitar-orchestrations of Led Zeppelin ... while adding touches of post-punk goth rock\". Since their earliest form in Bradford during 1981, the band have had various line-ups; the longest-serving members are vocalist Ian Astbury and guitarist Billy Duffy, the band's two songwriters.\nAfter moving to London, the band released the album Love in 1985, which charted at No. 4 in the United Kingdom, and which included singles such as \"She Sells Sanctuary\" and \"Rain\". In the late 1980s, the band supplemented their post-punk sound with hard rock in their third album, Electric; the polish on this new sound was facilitated by Rick Rubin, who produced the record. Their fourth album, Sonic Temple, proceeded in a similar vein, and these two LPs enabled them to break into the North American market.
/m/0175tv	Hannoverscher Sportverein von 1896, commonly referred to as Hannover 96, Hannover or simply 96, is a German association football club based in the city of Hanover, Lower Saxony. Hannover 96 play in the Bundesliga, the top tier in the German football league system.\nHannover 96 was founded in 1896. Hannover have won two German championships and one DFB-Pokal. Hannover's stadium is the HDI-Arena. Hannover 96 has a big rivalry with VfL Wolfsburg and Eintracht Braunschweig.
/m/0h44w	Mandatory Palestine was a geopolitical entity under British administration, carved out of Ottoman Southern Syria after World War I. British civil administration in Palestine operated from 1920 until 1948.\nDuring the First World War an Arab uprising and British campaign led by General Edmund Allenby, the British Empire commander of the Egyptian Expeditionary Force, drove the Turks out of the Levant, a part of which was the Sinai and Palestine Campaign. The United Kingdom agreed in the Hussein-McMahon correspondence that it would honor Arab independence if they revolted against the Ottomans. The two sides had different interpretations of this agreement. In the event, the U.K. and France reneged on the deal and divided up the area under the Sykes-Picot Agreement, an act of betrayal in the opinion of the Arabs. Further confusing the issue was the Balfour Declaration promising support for a Jewish \"national home\" in Palestine. After the war ended a military administration, named Occupied Enemy Territory Administration, was established in the captured territory of the former Ottoman Syria. The British sought to set up legitimacy for their continued control of the region and this was achieved by obtaining a mandate from the League of Nations in June 1922. The formal objective of the League of Nations Mandate system was to administer parts of the defunct Ottoman Empire, which had been in control of the Middle East since the 16th century, \"until such time as they are able to stand alone.\" The civil Mandate administration was formalized with the League of Nations' consent in 1923 under the British Mandate for Palestine, which covered two administrative areas. The land west of the Jordan River, known as Palestine, was under direct British administration until 1948, while the land east of the Jordan was a semi-autonomous region known as Transjordan, under the rule of the Hashemite family from the Hijaz, and gained independence in 1946.
/m/06bnz	Russia or, also officially known as the Russian Federation, is a country situated in northern Eurasia. It is a federal semi-presidential republic, comprising 83 federal subjects. From northwest to southeast, Russia shares land borders with Norway, Finland, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Poland, Belarus, Ukraine, Georgia, Azerbaijan, Kazakhstan, China, Mongolia, and North Korea. It shares maritime borders with Japan by the Sea of Okhotsk and the U.S. state of Alaska across the Bering Strait. At 17,075,400 square kilometres, Russia is the largest country in the world, covering more than one-eighth of the Earth's inhabited land area. Russia is also the world's ninth most populous nation with 143 million people as of 2012. Extending across the entirety of northern Asia and much of Eastern Europe, Russia spans nine time zones and incorporates a wide range of environments and landforms.\nThe nation's history began with that of the East Slavs, who emerged as a recognizable group in Europe between the 3rd and 8th centuries AD. Founded and ruled by a Varangian warrior elite and their descendants, the medieval state of Rus arose in the 9th century. In 988 it adopted Orthodox Christianity from the Byzantine Empire, beginning the synthesis of Byzantine and Slavic cultures that defined Russian culture for the next millennium. Rus' ultimately disintegrated into a number of smaller states; most of the Rus' lands were overrun by the Mongol invasion and became tributaries of the nomadic Golden Horde. The Grand Duchy of Moscow gradually reunified the surrounding Russian principalities, achieved independence from the Golden Horde, and came to dominate the cultural and political legacy of Kievan Rus'. By the 18th century, the nation had greatly expanded through conquest, annexation, and exploration to become the Russian Empire, which was the third largest empire in history, stretching from Poland in Europe to Alaska in North America.
/m/01hmk9	Richard Franklin Lennox Thomas Pryor was an American stand-up comedian, actor, film director, social critic, satirist, writer, and MC.\nPryor was known for uncompromising examinations of racism and topical contemporary issues, which employed colorful vulgarities, and profanity, as well as racial epithets. He reached a broad audience with his trenchant observations and storytelling style. He is widely regarded as one of the most important and influential stand-up comedians of all time: Jerry Seinfeld called Pryor \"The Picasso of our profession\"; Bob Newhart has called Pryor \"the seminal comedian of the last 50 years.\" This legacy can be attributed, in part, to the unusual degree of intimacy Pryor brought to bear on his comedy. As Bill Cosby reportedly once said, \"Richard Pryor drew the line between comedy and tragedy as thin as one could possibly paint it.\"\nHis body of work includes the concert movies and recordings Richard Pryor: Live & Smokin', That Nigger's Crazy, ...Is It Something I Said?, Bicentennial Nigger, Richard Pryor: Live in Concert, Richard Pryor: Live on the Sunset Strip, and Richard Pryor: Here and Now. He also starred in numerous films as an actor, such as Superman III but was usually in comedies such as Silver Streak, and occasionally in dramatic roles, such as Paul Schrader's film Blue Collar. He collaborated on many projects with actor Gene Wilder. Another frequent collaborator was actor/comedian/writer Paul Mooney.
/m/0c00zd0	Larry Crowne is a 2011 American romantic comedy film starring Tom Hanks and Julia Roberts. The film was produced and directed by Hanks, who co-wrote its screenplay with Nia Vardalos. Larry Crowne was released on July 1, 2011 in the United States and Canada.
/m/03t852	Richard Noel Marx is an American adult contemporary and pop/rock singer, songwriter, musician and record producer. He had a stream of hit singles in the late 1980s and 1990s, including \"Endless Summer Nights\", \"Right Here Waiting\", \"Now and Forever\", and \"Hazard\". Although some of his major hit songs were ballads, many of his songs had a classic rock style, such as \"Don't Mean Nothing\", \"Should've Known Better\", \"Satisfied\", and \"Too Late To Say Goodbye\".\nMarx placed himself in the record books by being the first solo artist to have his first seven singles hit the Top 5 on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart. His record sales worldwide exceed 30 million. Aside from songs that he's written and recorded for himself, he has written, co-written, and produced successful tracks for other artists such as \"This I Promise You\" by NSYNC and \"Dance With My Father\" by Luther Vandross. The latter song won several Grammy Awards. His 14th and latest chart topper, \"Long Hot Summer,\" performed by Keith Urban, gave Marx the distinction of having a song he wrote or co-wrote top the charts in four different decades.
/m/05p606	Edward Matthew Lauter II, known as Ed Lauter, was an American actor and stand-up comedian. He appeared in more than 200 films and TV series episodes in a career that spanned over 40 years.
/m/02wkmx	The Palme d'Or is the highest prize awarded at the Cannes Film Festival and is presented to the director of the best feature film of the official competition. It was introduced in 1955 by the organising committee. From 1939 to 1954, the highest prize was the Grand Prix du Festival International du Film. In 1964 it was replaced once again by the Grand Prix du Festival before being reintroduced in 1974.
/m/0134s5	AC/DC are an Australian hard rock band, formed in November 1973 by brothers Malcolm and Angus Young, who have remained constant members. Commonly referred to as a hard rock or blues rock band, they are also considered pioneers of heavy metal and are sometimes classified as such, though they have always dubbed their music as simply \"rock and roll\". To date they are one of the highest-grossing bands of all time.\nAC/DC underwent several line-up changes before releasing their first album, High Voltage, on 17 February 1975. Membership subsequently stabilised until bassist Mark Evans was replaced by Cliff Williams in 1977 for the album Powerage. Within months of recording the album Highway to Hell, lead singer and co-songwriter Bon Scott died on 19 February 1980 after a night of heavy alcohol consumption. The group briefly considered disbanding, but buoyed by support from Scott's parents, decided to continue and set about finding a new vocalist. Ex-Geordie singer Brian Johnson was auditioned and selected to replace Scott. Later that year, the band released the new album, Back in Black, which was made as a tribute to Bon Scott. The album launched them to new heights of success and became their all time best-seller, selling over 10,000 copies a day in its first week.
/m/04mp8x	Racing Club de Strasbourg is a French association football club founded in 1906 and professional since 1933, based in the city of Strasbourg, in Alsace. They currently play in the Championnat National, the third tier of French football, after successive promotions from CFA 2 and CFA. Once a member of France's Ligue 1 and a former champion, the club was relegated down to the fourth tier of French football at the conclusion of the 2010–11 Championnat National season after going into financial liquidation. The team has played at the Stade de la Meinau since 1914.\nThe club is one of six clubs to have won all three major French trophies: the Championship in 1979, the Coupe de France in 1951, 1966, 2001 and the Coupe de la Ligue in 1997 and 2005. Strasbourg is also among the six teams to have played more than 2000 games in France's top flight and has taken part in 52 European games since 1961. Despite these accomplishments, the RCS has never really managed to establish itself as one of France's leading clubs, experiencing relegation at least once a decade since the early 1950s. Racing has changed its manager 52 times in 75 years of professional play, often under pressure from the fans.
/m/01gqfm	Beach volleyball is a team sport played by two teams of two players on a sand court divided by a net. In order to keep the ball in play, a team can only hit the ball up to three times before returning it over the net. It has been an Olympic discipline since the 1990s.\nAs in indoor volleyball, the object of the game is to send the ball over the net in order to ground it on the opponent's court, and to prevent the same effort by the opponent. A team is allowed up to three touches to return the ball. The ball is put in play with a service—a hit by the server from behind the rear court boundary over the net to the opponents. The rally continues until the ball is grounded on the playing court, goes \"out\", or is not returned properly.\nThe team winning a rally scores a point and serves to start the following rally. The four players serve in the same sequence throughout the match, changing server each time a rally is won by the receiving team. Originating in Southern California, beach volleyball has achieved worldwide popularity.
/m/048svj	Sreekumar Achary, better known by his stage name Jagathy Sreekumar, is an Indian film actor who has starred in more than 1,000 Malayalam films. He is a veteran actor of Malayalam cinema who holds the Guinness Book of World Records for essaying roles in more than a thousand films. He has also directed two films and has written screenplays for two films. His stage name is derived from the neighbourhood of Jagathy in Thiruvananthapuram, from where he hails.
/m/01_lh1	Genentech Inc. (NYSE:DNA), a composite of Genetic Engineering Technology, Inc., is a leading biotechnology corporation, which was founded in 1976 by venture capitalist Robert A. Swanson and biochemist Dr. Herbert W. Boyer. Considered the founder of the biotechnology industry, Genentech has\nbeen delivering on the\npromise of biotechnology for more than 30 years, using human genetic\ninformation to discover, develop, commercialize and manufacture\nbiotherapeutics that address significant unmet medical needs. Today,\nGenentech is among the world's leading biotech companies, with multiple\nproducts on the market for serious or life-threatening medical\nconditions and over 50 projects in the pipeline. The company is the\nleading provider of anti-tumor therapeutics in the United States.
/m/011yph	The Full Monty is a 1997 British comedy-drama film directed by Peter Cattaneo, starring Robert Carlyle, Mark Addy, William Snape, Steve Huison, Tom Wilkinson, Paul Barber, and Hugo Speer. The screenplay was written by Simon Beaufoy. The film is set in Sheffield, England, and it tells the story of six unemployed men, four of them former steel workers, who decide to form a male striptease act in order to gather enough money to get somewhere else and for main character, Gaz, to be able to see his son. Gaz declares that their show will be better than the Chippendales dancers because they will go \"the full monty\" — strip all the way — hence the film's title. Despite being a comedy, the film also touches on serious subjects such as unemployment, fathers' rights, depression, impotence, homosexuality, obesity, working class culture and suicide. The film was rated a 15 in Britain for \"frequent strong language\".\nThe Full Monty was a major critical success upon release and an unexpected international commercial success, grossing over $250 million from a budget of only $3.5 million. It was the highest grossing film in the UK until it was outsold by Titanic. It was ultimately nominated for Academy Awards for Best Picture, Best Director, Best Original Screenplay and Best Original Music Score, winning the latter.
/m/04523f	Bellshill is a town in North Lanarkshire, Scotland, 10 miles south east of Glasgow city centre and 37 miles west of Edinburgh. Other nearby towns are Motherwell, Hamilton and Coatbridge. Since 1996, it has been situated in the Greater Glasgow metropolitan area. The town has a population of 20,705.
/m/04hqbbz	Avtar Kishan Hangal, popularly known as A. K. Hangal, was an Indian freedom fighter from 1929–1947 and also stage actor from 1936–1965 and later became a character actor in Hindi language films from 1966–2005. His most notable roles are as Ram Shastri in Aaina, as the Inder Sen in Shaukeen, as Bipinlal Pandey in Namak Haraam, as Imaam Sa'ab in Sholay, as Anokhelal in Manzil and the antagonist in Prem Bandhan and the 16 films he did with Rajesh Khanna. He has acted in around 225 Hindi films in a career spanning from 1966 to 2005.
/m/02n5d	The English Civil War was a series of armed conflicts and political machinations between Parliamentarians and Royalists in the Kingdom of England over, principally, the manner of its government. The first and second wars pitted the supporters of King Charles I against the supporters of the Long Parliament, while the third saw fighting between supporters of King Charles II and supporters of the Rump Parliament. The war ended with the Parliamentarian victory at the Battle of Worcester on 3 September 1651.\nThe overall outcome of the war was threefold: the trial and execution of Charles I; the exile of his son, Charles II; and the replacement of English monarchy with, at first, the Commonwealth of England and then the Protectorate under Oliver Cromwell's personal rule. The monopoly of the Church of England on Christian worship in England ended with the victors consolidating the established Protestant Ascendancy in Ireland. Constitutionally, the wars established the precedent that an English monarch cannot govern without Parliament's consent, although this concept was legally established only as part of the Glorious Revolution in 1688.
/m/0bxg3	A fairy tale is a type of short story that typically features European folkloric fantasy characters, such as fairies, goblins, elves, trolls, dwarves, giants, witches, mermaids, or gnomes, and usually magic or enchantments. Fairy tales may be distinguished from other folk narratives such as legends and explicitly moral tales, including beast fables.\nIn less technical contexts, the term is also used to describe something blessed with unusual happiness, as in \"fairy tale ending\" or \"fairy tale romance\". Colloquially, a \"fairy tale\" or \"fairy story\" can also mean any farfetched story or tall tale; it's used especially of any story that not only isn't true, but couldn't possibly be true.\nIn cultures where demons and witches are perceived as real, fairy tales may merge into legends, where the narrative is perceived both by teller and hearers as being grounded in historical truth. However, unlike legends and epics, they usually do not contain more than superficial references to religion and actual places, people, and events; they take place once upon a time rather than in actual times.
/m/03ym1	Sir Ian Murray McKellen, CH, CBE is an English actor. He is the recipient of six Laurence Olivier Awards, a Tony Award, a Golden Globe Award, a Screen Actors Guild Award, a BIF Award, two Saturn Awards, four Drama Desk Awards and two Critics' Choice Awards. He has also received two Academy Award nominations, eight BAFTA film and TV nominations and five Emmy Award nominations. McKellen's work spans genres ranging from Shakespearean and modern theatre to popular fantasy and science fiction. His notable film roles include Gandalf in The Lord of the Rings and The Hobbit trilogies and Magneto in the X-Men films.\nMcKellen was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1979, was knighted in 1991 for services to the performing arts, and was made a Companion of Honour for services to drama and to equality, in the 2008 New Year Honours.
/m/030znt	Alfre Ette Woodard is an American film, stage, and television actress. She has been nominated once for an Academy Award and Grammy Award, 18 times for the Emmy Award, and has also won a Golden Globe Award and three Screen Actors Guild Awards.
/m/01x8cn	The Rose Bowl is an annual American college football bowl game, usually played on January 1 at the Rose Bowl in Pasadena, California. When New Year's Day falls on a Sunday, the game is played on Monday, January 2. The Rose Bowl is nicknamed \"The Granddaddy of Them All\" because it is the oldest bowl game. It was first played in 1902, and has been played annually since 1916. Since 1945, it has been the highest attended college football bowl game. It is a part of the Tournament of Roses \"America's New Year Celebration\", which also includes the historic Tournament of Roses Parade. Except in the years when the Rose Bowl Game served as the BCS National Championship Game, it has continued to be played in the afternoon. In 2014, the Rose Bowl Game celebrated its 100th game.\nIn 2002 and 2006, the Rose Bowl game was also the BCS National Championship Game. In the current BCS alignment, the Rose Bowl hosts the Big Ten and Pacific-12 conference champions unless they are involved in the national championship game. Beginning with the 2012 Rose Bowl, Rose Bowl game representative teams from the Big Ten and Pacific-12 conferences are determined by Big Ten Football Championship Game and Pacific-12 Football Championship Game, respectively.
/m/0jnpc	The Anaheim Ducks are a professional ice hockey team based in Anaheim, California, United States. They are members of the Pacific Division of the Western Conference of the National Hockey League. Since their inception, the Ducks have played their home games at the Honda Center.\nThe club was founded in 1993 by The Walt Disney Company as the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim, a name based on the 1992 film The Mighty Ducks. Disney sold the franchise in 2005 to Henry and Susan Samueli, who along with GM Brian Burke changed the name of the team to the Anaheim Ducks before the 2006–07 season. In their 20-year existence, the Ducks have made the playoffs nine times, winning two Pacific Division titles, two Western Conference Championships, and the Stanley Cup Championship.
/m/0jml5	The Phoenix Suns are a professional basketball team based in Phoenix, Arizona. They are members of the Pacific Division of the Western Conference in the National Basketball Association, and the only team in their division not to be based in California. Since 1992 their home arena has been the US Airways Center, which was formerly known as America West Arena, in downtown Phoenix. The Arena is often referred to as the \"Purple Palace\" due to its purple seats, which also is one of the Suns colors.\nThe Suns began play as an expansion team in 1968. The franchise owns the NBA's fourth-best all-time winning percentage, winning 55 percent of its games, as of the end of the 2012–2013 season. In forty-five years of play, they have made the playoffs 29 times, posted nineteen seasons of 50 or more wins, made nine trips to the Western Conference Finals, and advanced to the NBA Finals in 1976 and 1993. As a result, based on their all-time win-loss percentage, the Suns are the most winning franchise to have never won an NBA Championship.
/m/06mfvc	Benjamin A. \"Ben\" Foster is an American actor. His film roles include The Laramie Project, Liberty Heights, Get Over It, Hostage, X-Men: The Last Stand, Alpha Dog, 30 Days of Night, The Messenger, Bang Bang You're Dead, The Mechanic, Contraband, Pandorum, and Lone Survivor. He received best supporting actor nominations from both the Saturn and Satellite Awards for his 2007 role in the film 3:10 to Yuma.
/m/070ltt	WWE Saturday Night's Main Event is a revived run of the show Saturday Night's Main event that was on from 1985 to 1992. The latest version was on NBC from 2006 to 2008.
/m/05jrj4	Devanesan Chokkalingam is an Indian film composer and singer. He has composed songs and provided background music for Tamil, Telugu, Malayalam and Kannada films in a career spanning about 20 years. Many know his gaana songs, written mostly using Madras Tamil. He is known as the \"Father of Gaana Genre\" in the Tamil film industry.\nDeva has composed music for many films within a very short period. He debuted as a film music director in the film Manasukkeththa Maharaasa in 1989. In the intervening years he has composed music for a total of more than 400 films.
/m/05bxwh	Anatole Litvak was a Ukrainian-born filmmaker who wrote, directed, and produced films in various countries and languages. He was best known as the Academy Award nominated director of the 1948 film The Snake Pit.
/m/053yx	Miles Dewey Davis III was an American jazz musician, trumpeter, bandleader, and composer. Widely considered one of the most influential musicians of the 20th century, Miles Davis was, with his musical groups, at the forefront of several major developments in jazz music, including bebop, cool jazz, hard bop, modal jazz, and jazz fusion.\nMiles Davis was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2006. Davis was noted as \"one of the key figures in the history of jazz\". On October 7, 2008, his 1959 album Kind of Blue received its fourth platinum certification from the Recording Industry Association of America, for shipments of at least four million copies in the United States. On December 15, 2009, the U.S. House of Representatives passed a symbolic resolution recognizing and commemorating the album Kind of Blue on its 50th anniversary, \"honoring the masterpiece and reaffirming jazz as a national treasure\".
/m/013t9y	George Miller AO is an Australian film director, screenwriter, producer, and former medical doctor. He is best known for his Mad Max franchise, but has been involved in a wide range of projects. These include the Academy Award-winning Babe and Happy Feet film series.\nMiller is co-founder of the production houses Kennedy Miller Mitchell, formerly known as Kennedy Miller, and Dr. D Studios. His younger brother Bill Miller and Doug Mitchell have been producers on almost all the films in Miller's later career, since the death of his original producing partner Byron Kennedy.\nIn 2006 Miller won the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature for Happy Feet. He has been nominated for three other Academy Awards: Best Original Screenplay in 1992 for Lorenzo's Oil, and Best Picture and Best Adapted Screenplay in 1995 for Babe.
/m/02pqgt8	Milena Canonero is an Italian costume designer, working both for films and stage productions. She has won three Academy Awards for Best Costume design, and been nominated for it eight times.
/m/0m0hw	Robert Charles Durman Mitchum was an American film actor, author, composer and singer. He is No. 23 on the American Film Institute's list of the greatest male American screen legends of all time. Mitchum rose to prominence for his starring roles in several major works of the film noir style, and is considered a forerunner of the anti-heroes prevalent in film during the 1950s and 1960s.
/m/07ym47	Jazz-funk is a sub genre of jazz music characterized by a strong back beat, electrified sounds and an early prevalence of analog synthesizers. The integration of funk, soul, and R&B music and styles into jazz resulted in the creation of a genre whose spectrum is quite wide and ranges from strong jazz improvisation to soul, funk or disco with jazz arrangements, jazz riffs, and jazz solos, and sometimes soul vocals.\nJazz-funk is primarily an American genre, where it was popular throughout the 1970s and the early 1980s, but it also achieved noted appeal on the club-circuit in England during the mid-1970s. Similar genres include soul jazz and jazz fusion, but neither entirely overlap with jazz-funk. Notably jazz-funk is less vocal, more arranged and featured more improvisation than soul jazz, and retains a strong feel of groove and R&B versus some of the jazz fusion production.
/m/01stj9	Old Dominion University is a public research university in Norfolk, Virginia, United States. It was established in 1930 as the Norfolk Division of the College of William & Mary. ODU awarded its first bachelor's degrees in 1956, became Old Dominion College in 1962, and attained university status in 1969. ODU offers a full range of degree programs and is one of the nation's largest providers of online distance learning courses. Old Dominion University derives its name from one of Virginia's state nicknames, \"The Old Dominion\", given to the state by King Charles II of England for remaining loyal to the crown during the English Civil War.
/m/0f40w	Vanilla Sky is a 2001 American science fiction thriller film, directed, co-produced, and co-written by Cameron Crowe. Described as \"an odd mixture of science fiction, romance and reality warp\", it is an English-language remake of the 1997 Spanish film, Abre los ojos, which was written by Alejandro Amenábar and Mateo Gil. The film stars Tom Cruise, Penélope Cruz, and Cameron Diaz, with Jason Lee and Kurt Russell appearing in supporting roles.\nThe movie received an Academy Award nomination for Best Original Song, and Screen Actors Guild and Golden Globe Award nomination for Cameron Diaz's supporting performance. The soundtrack was also critically acclaimed and has since become a cult classic.
/m/0pd64	The French Connection is a 1971 American dramatic thriller film directed by William Friedkin and produced by Philip D'Antoni. It starred Gene Hackman, Fernando Rey and Roy Scheider. The film was adapted and fictionalized by Ernest Tidyman from the non-fiction book by Robin Moore. It tells the story of New York Police Department detectives named \"Popeye\" Doyle and Buddy \"Cloudy\" Russo, whose real-life counterparts were Narcotics Detectives Eddie Egan and Sonny Grosso. Egan and Grosso also appear in the film, as characters other than themselves. The music score was by Don Ellis.\nIt was the first R-rated movie to win the Academy Award for Best Picture since the introduction of the MPAA film rating system. It also won Academy Awards for Best Actor, Best Director, Best Film Editing, and Best Adapted Screenplay. It was nominated for Best Supporting Actor, Best Cinematography and Best Sound Mixing. Tidyman also received a Golden Globe Award, a Writers Guild of America Award and an Edgar Award for his screenplay. It has since been labeled as one of the greatest American films by the American Film Institute.\nIn 2005, the film was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant.\"
/m/05xls	A programmer, computer programmer, developer, coder, or software engineer is a person who writes computer software. The term computer programmer can refer to a specialist in one area of computer programming or to a generalist who writes code for many kinds of software. One who practices or professes a formal approach to programming may also be known as a programmer analyst. A programmer's primary computer language is often prefixed to the above titles, and those who work in a web environment often prefix their titles with Web. The term programmer can be used to refer to a software developer, Web developer, mobile applications developer, embedded firmware developer, software engineer, computer scientist, or software analyst. However, members of these professions typically possess other software engineering skills, beyond programming; for this reason, the term programmer, or code monkey, is sometimes considered an insulting or derogatory oversimplification of these other professions. This has sparked much debate amongst developers, analysts, computer scientists, programmers, and outsiders who continue to be puzzled at the subtle differences in the definitions of these occupations.
/m/0fvd03	The University of Westminster is a public research university in London, United Kingdom. Its antecedent institution, the Royal Polytechnic, was founded in 1838 and was the first polytechnic in the UK. Westminster was awarded university status in 1992.\nIts headquarters and original campus are in Regent Street in the Westminster area of central London, with additional campuses in Fitzrovia, Marylebone and Harrow. It operates the Westminster International University in Tashkent in Uzbekistan and a satellite campus in Paris, France through the Diplomatic Academy of London.\nWestminster's academic activities are organised into seven schools, within which there are around 45 departments and 65 research centres. Westminster had an income of £164.6 million in 2010/11, of which £5.5 million was from research grants and contracts.\nWestminster is a member of the Association of Commonwealth Universities, the Association of MBAs, EFMD, the European University Association and Universities UK.
/m/01snvb	In American football, a lineman is a player who specializes in play at the line of scrimmage. The linemen of the team currently in possession of the ball are the offensive line, while linemen on the opposing team are the defensive line. A number of NFL rules specifically address restrictions and requirements for the offensive line. The defensive line is covered by the same rules that apply to all defensive players. Linemen are usually the largest players on the field in both height and weight, since their positions usually require less running and more strength than skill positions.
/m/07s3m	Tours is a city in central France, the capital of the Indre-et-Loire department.\nIt stands on the lower reaches of the river Loire, between Orléans and the Atlantic coast. Touraine, the region around Tours, is known for its wines, the alleged perfection of its local spoken French, and the Battle of Tours in 732. It is also the site of the Paris–Tours road bicycle race. Tours is the largest city in the Centre region of France, although it is not the regional capital, which is the region's second-largest city, Orléans. In 2006, the city itself had 138,268 inhabitants and the metropolitan area had 546,105 .
/m/04kmx_	Cork City Football Club is an Irish football team that plays in the League of Ireland Premier Division. Founded and elected to the league in 1984 to continue the long tradition of association football in Cork, City's traditional colours are green and white with red trim, and the crest is a variant of the Cork coat of arms. The club play home games at Turners Cross. It was one of the first clubs in Ireland to field a team of professional footballers. With the progression of professionalism at the club, continued development of the Turner's Cross stadium and the transition to summer football, the club became one of the biggest and best supported clubs in the country. Between 2008 and 2010 however, the club suffered financial hardships and management controversy and entered a period of examinership. Ultimately the club's holding company, Cork City Investments FC Ltd, was wound up by the courts. Club fans however were awarded a licence for a club under the name Cork City FORAS Co-op and entered a team in the next First Division season. The club subsequently re-acquired rights to the name \"Cork City Football Club\" from the liquidators of Cork City Investments FC Ltd. Fans highlight the continuity of Cork City FC during this period as the former holding company Cork City Investments FC Ltd. was still in existence during its liquidation period when the name and intellectual property were purchased, and the under-age teams continued to exist under the name while owned and funded by the fans.
/m/055c8	Morgan Freeman is an American actor, film director, and narrator. Freeman has received Academy Award nominations for his performances in Street Smart, Driving Miss Daisy, The Shawshank Redemption and Invictus and won in 2005 for Million Dollar Baby. He has also won a Golden Globe Award and a Screen Actors Guild Award. Freeman has appeared in many other box office hits, including Unforgiven, Glory, Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves, Seven, Deep Impact, The Sum of All Fears, Bruce Almighty, Along Came a Spider, The Dark Knight trilogy, March of the Penguins and The Lego Movie. He is known for his distinctively smooth, deep voice. He got his first break as part of the cast of The Electric Company.
/m/01vwyqp	Anna Mae Bullock, known by her stage name Tina Turner, is a singer, dancer, actress, and author, whose career has spanned more than half a century, earning her widespread recognition and numerous awards. Born and raised in the American South, she is now a Swiss citizen.\nShe began her musical career in the mid-1950s as a featured singer with Ike Turner's Kings of Rhythm, first recording in 1958 under the name \"Little Ann\". Her introduction to the public as Tina Turner began in 1960 as a member of the Ike & Tina Turner Revue. Success followed with a string of notable hits credited to the duo, including \"A Fool in Love\", \"River Deep – Mountain High\", \"Proud Mary\" and \"Nutbush City Limits\" all recorded with \"The Ikettes\"., a song which she wrote. In her autobiography, I, Tina, she revealed several instances of severe domestic abuse against her by Ike Turner prior to their 1976 split and subsequent 1978 divorce. Raised as a Baptist, she melded her faith with Buddhism in 1974, crediting the religion and its spiritual chant of Nam Myoho Renge Kyo for helping her to endure during difficult times.\nAfter her divorce from Ike Turner, she rebuilt her career through performances, though she initially struggled to make an impact on the music charts as a solo artist. In the early 1980s, she launched a comeback with another string of hits, starting in 1983 with the single \"Let's Stay Together\" followed by the 1984 release of her fifth solo album Private Dancer which became a worldwide success. \"What's Love Got to Do with It\", the most successful single from the album, was later used as the title of a biographical film adapted from her autobiography. In addition to her musical career, Turner has also experienced success in films, including a role in the 1975 rock musical Tommy and a starring role in the 1985 Mel Gibson blockbuster film Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome, as well as a cameo role in the 1993 film Last Action Hero.
/m/0bm4j	Tbilisi, formerly known as Tiflis, is the capital and the largest city of Georgia, lying on the banks of the Mtkvari River with a population of roughly 1.5 million inhabitants. Founded in the 5th century by the monarch of Georgia's ancient precursor Kingdom of Iberia, Tbilisi has served, with various intervals, as Georgia's capital for more than a thousand years. Under the Russian rule, the city was the seat of the Tsar's viceroy and has served, from 1801 to 1917, as the Imperial capital of the entire Caucasus, including Georgia's current neighbors.\nLocated on the southeastern edge of Europe, Tbilisi's proximity to lucrative east-west trade routes often made the city a point of contention between various rival empires throughout history and the city's location to this day ensures its position as an important transit route for global energy and trade projects. Tbilisi's varied history is reflected in its architecture, which is a mix of medieval, classical, and Soviet structures.\nHistorically, Tbilisi has been home to people of diverse cultural, ethnic, and religious backgrounds, though it is overwhelmingly Eastern Orthodox Christian. Notable tourist destinations include cathedrals like Sameba and Sioni, classical Freedom Square and Rustaveli Avenue, medieval Narikala Fortress, pseudo-Moorish Opera Theater, and the Georgian National Museum.
/m/04gm78f	Medical fiction is fiction whose events center upon a hospital, an ambulance staff, or any medical environment. It is highly prevalent on television, especially as medical dramas, as well as in novels.
/m/0s69k	Aurora is the second most populous city in the State of Illinois, the 19th largest city in the Midwest, and the 112th largest city in the United States. The population was 199,932 at the 2012 census.\nOnce a, mid-sized manufacturing city, Aurora has grown tremendously over the past 50 years. Originally founded within Kane County, Aurora's city limits and population have since expanded into DuPage, Will and Kendall counties. Between 2000 and 2003, the U.S. Census Bureau ranked Aurora as the 34th fastest growing city in the United States. From 2000 to 2009, the U.S. Census Bureau ranked the city as the 46th fastest growing city with a population of over 100,000.\nIn 1908, Aurora officially adopted the nickname \"City of Lights\", because it was one of the first cities in the United States to implement an all-electric street lighting system in 1881. Aurora's historic downtown is located on the Fox River, and centered on Stolp Island. The city is divided into three regions, The West Side, located on the west side of the Fox River, The East Side, located between the eastern bank of the Fox River and the Kane/DuPage County line, and the Far East Side/Fox Valley, which is from the County Line to the city's eastern border with Naperville.²
/m/01l8t8	The State University of New York at Stony Brook is a public research university located in Stony Brook, New York in the United States. It is the youngest among university centers of the state, and has grown to be a flagship institution of New York, consistently being ranked as the top public university in New York by multiple publications. The university is one of the 62 research universities that comprise the Association of American Universities, an invitation-only organization of leading research universities in North America. It is also a member of the larger Universities Research Association for which Stony Brook's president Dr. Samuel Stanley Jr is council president. It has been ranked among the top thirty-five public research universities in the United States, and among the top 1% of universities in the world. Stony Brook has additional smaller campuses in Manhattan and Southampton.\nThe institution was founded in 1957 in Oyster Bay as State University College on Long Island. What would become the university moved to Stony Brook in 1962. Since its establishment in Stony Brook, the university has expanded to include more than 200 major buildings with a combined area of more than 11 million gross square feet across 1,454 acres of land.
/m/0qtz9	Pine Bluff is the largest city and county seat of Jefferson County, Arkansas, United States. It is also the principal city of the Pine Bluff Metropolitan Statistical Area and part of the Little Rock-North Little Rock-Pine Bluff Combined Statistical Area. The population of the city was 49,083 in the 2010 Census, however 2011 estimates show the population has since declined to 48,339. Pine Bluff is the ninth largest city in the state of Arkansas.\nThe city is situated in the southeast section of the state in the Arkansas Delta with the Arkansas Timberlands region to its immediate west. Its topography is flat with wide expanses of farmland. Pine Bluff is home to a number of creeks, streams, bayous, and larger bodies of water such as Lake Saracen, Lake Langhofer and the Arkansas River.
/m/032f6	Persian is an Iranian language within the Indo-Iranian branch of the Indo-European languages. It is primarily spoken in Iran, and the neighbouring Afghanistan, Tajikistan, and other countries which historically came under Persian influence. The Persian language is classified as a continuation of Middle Persian, the official religious and literary language of Sassanid Persia, itself a continuation of Old Persian, the language of the Achaemenid Persian Empire. Persian is a pluricentric language and its grammar is similar to that of many contemporary European languages. Persian is unrelated to Semitic languages such as Arabic and Hebrew, although there are many Arabic loanwords in Persian. Persian is so called because it originated from Persis with the advent of the Achaemenid Empire, hence the name Persian.\nThere are approximately 110 million Persian speakers worldwide, with the language holding official status in Iran, Afghanistan and Tajikistan. For centuries Persian has also been a prestigious cultural language in Central Asia, South Asia, and Western Asia. Persian is used as a liturgical language of Islam in not only Iran, Afghanistan, and Tajikistan, but also in Pakistan and North India.
/m/0sgtz	Belleville is a city in St. Clair County, Illinois, United States, co-extensive with Belleville Township. As estimated by the US Census Bureau in 2012, shown on the city's economic development page, the city has a population of 43,765 . It is the eighth-most populated city outside of the Chicago Metropolitan Area and the most populated city south of Springfield in the state of Illinois. It is the county seat of St. Clair County, and the seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Belleville and the National Shrine of Our Lady of the Snows. Belleville is the most populated city in the Metro-East region of the St. Louis Metropolitan Area and in Southern Illinois. Due to its close proximity to Scott Air Force Base, the population receives a boost from military and federal civilian personnel, defense contractors, and military retirees.
/m/03v_5	The city of Ithaca is a city in central New York and the county seat of Tompkins County, as well as the largest community in the Ithaca-Tompkins County metropolitan area. The city of Ithaca sits on the southern shore of Cayuga Lake, in Central New York. It is named for the Greek island of Ithaca.\nIthaca is home to Cornell University, an Ivy League school of over 20,000 students, most of whom study on Cornell’s Ithaca campus. Ithaca College is located just south of the city in the town of Ithaca, adding to Ithaca’s \"college town\" focus and atmosphere. Nearby is Tompkins Cortland Community College. These three colleges influence Ithaca's seasonal population. In 2010, the city's population was 30,014, and the metropolitan area had a population of 101,564.\nNamgyal Monastery in Ithaca is the North American seat of Tenzin Gyatso, the 14th Dalai Lama.
/m/01w03jv	Jello Biafra is the former lead singer and songwriter for San Francisco punk rock band Dead Kennedys, and is currently a musician and spoken word artist. After he left the Dead Kennedys, he took over the influential independent record label Alternative Tentacles, which he had co-founded in 1979 with Dead Kennedys bandmate East Bay Ray. Although now focused primarily on spoken word, he has continued as a musician in numerous collaborations.\nPolitically, Biafra is a member of the Green Party of the United States and actively supports various political causes. He ran for the party's Presidential nomination in 2000, finishing second to Ralph Nader. He is a staunch believer in a free society, who utilizes shock value and advocates direct action and pranksterism in the name of political causes. Biafra is known to use absurdist media tactics, in the leftist tradition of the Yippies, to highlight issues of civil rights and social justice.
/m/0884fm	Ben Cross is an English actor of the stage and screen, known for his portrayal of the British Olympic athlete Harold Abrahams in the 1981 film Chariots of Fire.
/m/0prpt	The Cannes International Film Festival, is an annual film festival held in Cannes, France, which previews new films of all genres, including documentaries, from around the world. Founded in 1946, it is one of the most prestigious and publicised film festivals in the world. The invitation-only festival is held annually at the Palais des Festivals et des Congrès.\nThe 2013 Cannes Film Festival took place between 15 May – 26 May 2013. The President of the Jury was American film director Steven Spielberg.\nOn July 1, 2014 co-founder and former boss of French pay-TV operator Canal Plus Pierre Lescure will take over as president of the festival.
/m/01_lhg	The Italian national football team represents Italy in association football and is controlled by the Italian Football Federation, the governing body for football in Italy. Italy is considered to be one of the best national teams in the world. It is the second most successful national team in the history of the World Cup behind Brazil, having won 4 titles, also appearing in two finals, reaching a third place and a fourth place. They have also won a European championship, as well as appearing in two other finals, one Olympic football tournament and two Central European International Cups. Italy's highest finish at the Confederations Cup was in 2013, when the squad achieved a third place finish.\nThe national football team is known as the \"Azzurri,\" from the traditional colour of Italian national teams and athletes representing Italy. Azure blue comes from the \"Azzurro Savoia\", the colour traditionally linked to the royal dynasty which unified Italy in 1861, and maintained in the official standard of the Italian President.
/m/0n_hp	Blow is a 2001 American biopic about the American cocaine smuggler George Jung, directed by Ted Demme. David McKenna and Nick Cassavetes adapted Bruce Porter's 1993 book Blow: How a Small Town Boy Made $100 Million with the Medellín Cocaine Cartel and Lost It All for the screenplay. It is based on the real life stories of George Jung, Pablo Escobar, Carlos Lehder Rivas, and the Medellín Cartel. The film's title comes from a slang term for cocaine.
/m/0q6lr	Dothan is a city located in the southeastern corner of the State of Alabama, situated approximately 20 miles west of the Georgia state line and 18 miles north of Florida. It is the seat of Houston County, with portions extending into nearby Dale County and Henry County. Its name derives from Genesis 37:17: \"let us go to Dothan.\" According to the 2010 census the city's population was 65,496, making it the largest town in this part of the state.\nDothan is the principal city of the Dothan Metropolitan Statistical Area which encompasses all of Geneva, Henry, and Houston counties; the small portion that lies in Dale County is part of the Enterprise–Ozark Micropolitan Statistical Area. The combined population for the entire Dothan metropolitan area in 2010 was 145,639. The city serves as the main transportation and commercial hub for a significant part of southeastern Alabama, southwest Georgia, and nearby portions of the Florida Panhandle. Since approximately one-fourth of the U.S. peanut crop is produced nearby, with much of it being processed in the city, Dothan is called \"The Peanut Capital of the World.\"
/m/04ck0_	Asociación Atlética Argentinos Juniors is an Argentine centennial sports club based in La Paternal, Buenos Aires. The club is mostly known for its football team, which currently plays at Primera División, the top division of the Argentine football league system, and was recognized as one of the most important football teams of South America by FIFA. It is one of the six argentinean first division teams that won the Copa Libertadores. The continental trophy was won in the club's first entry to the contest, in 1985. The most remarkable sign of this team is the power of its youth teams, which unveiled some of the most talented footballers in the argentinean football history, with Diego Armando Maradona as the greatest example of all.
/m/02j8nx	Mark Gatiss is an English actor, comedian, screenwriter and novelist. He is known as a member of the comedy team The League of Gentlemen alongside Reece Shearsmith, Steve Pemberton and co-writer Jeremy Dyson, and has both written for and acted in the TV series Doctor Who and Sherlock, the latter of which he also co-created.
/m/02y74	Field hockey, or simply hockey, is a team sport of the hockey family. This sport can be played by both male and female. The game can be played on a grass field or a turf field. The game of field hockey is played between two teams of eleven players including the goalie. Short sticks made out of wood or fiber glass are used to hit a round, hard, rubber like ball. The uniform consist of shin-guards, cleats, skirts or shorts, and a jersey. At the turn of the 21st century, the game is played globally, with particular popularity throughout Western Europe, Asia, Argentina and Oceania – in addition to being the national sport of Pakistan. Hockey is assumed to be India's national sport as it is so in various Indian GK books,etc., however officially India does not have a National Sport. The term \"field hockey\" is used primarily in Canada, the United States, Eastern Europe and other regions of the world where the sport of ice hockey is more popular. In the US it has typically—but not exclusively—been considered a women's/girls' sport, while ice hockey is primarily—but not exclusively—for men/boys.\nDuring play, goal keepers are the only players who are allowed to touch the ball with any part of their body, with this only applying within the shooting circle, while field players play the ball with the flat side of their stick. The team that scores the most goals by the end of the match wins. If the score is tied at the end of the game, either a draw is declared or the game goes into extra time and/or a penalty shootout, depending on the competition's format.
/m/0ckrnn	Death on the Nile is a 1978 British film based on the Agatha Christie mystery novel of the same name, directed by John Guillermin and adapted by Anthony Shaffer. The film features the Belgian detective Hercule Poirot, played by Peter Ustinov, plus an all-star cast.\nIt takes place in Egypt, mostly on a period paddle steamer on the Nile River. Many of the cultural highlights of Egypt are also featured in the film, such as the Great Pyramids, the Sphinx, and temples at Abu Simbel and Karnak.\nDeath on the Nile won an Academy Award for its costume design.
/m/062zm5h	Marvel's The Avengers, or simply The Avengers, is a 2012 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics superhero team of the same name, produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. It is the sixth installment in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. The film is written and directed by Joss Whedon and features an ensemble cast including Robert Downey, Jr., Chris Evans, Mark Ruffalo, Chris Hemsworth, Scarlett Johansson, Jeremy Renner, Tom Hiddleston, Clark Gregg, Cobie Smulders, Stellan Skarsgård and Samuel L. Jackson. In the film, Nick Fury, director of the peacekeeping organization S.H.I.E.L.D., recruits Iron Man, Captain America, the Hulk, and Thor to form a team that must stop Thor's adoptive brother Loki from subjugating Earth.\nThe film's development began when Marvel Studios received a loan from Merrill Lynch in April 2005. After the success of the film Iron Man in May 2008, Marvel announced that The Avengers would be released in July 2011. With the signing of Johansson in March 2009, the film was pushed back for a 2012 release. Whedon was brought on board in April 2010 and rewrote the original screenplay by Zak Penn. Production began in April 2011 in Albuquerque, New Mexico, before moving to Cleveland, Ohio, in August and New York City in September. The film was converted to 3D in post-production.
/m/01cbwl	Pop punk is a fusion music genre that combines elements of punk rock with pop music to varying degrees. The music typically combines fast punk tempos, chord changes and loud guitars with pop-influenced melodies and lyrical themes.\nPop-influenced punk rock emerged in the mid 1970s in multiple countries, and was stylistically similar to power pop. By the early 1980s, several bands merged hardcore punk with pop music to create a new, faster pop punk sound. Pop punk particularly thrived in California, where independent record labels adopted a do it yourself approach to releasing music. In the mid 1990s, a few pop punk bands sold millions of records and received extensive radio and television airplay. A second wave of pop punk in the late 1990s represented the genre's mainstream peak, although some pop punk bands scored successful album chartings in the 2000s. The genre generally waned in popularity by the late 2000s, although it still retains a smaller but dedicated following.
/m/0kvgtf	Even Cowgirls Get the Blues is a 1993 American comedy-drama-romance film based on Tom Robbins' 1976 novel of the same name. The film was directed by Gus Van Sant and starred an ensemble cast led by Uma Thurman, Lorraine Bracco, Angie Dickinson, Noriyuki \"Pat\" Morita, Keanu Reeves, John Hurt, and Rain Phoenix. Robbins himself was the narrator. The soundtrack was sung entirely by k.d. lang. The film was dedicated to the late River Phoenix.
/m/02s2xy	İzmir is a large metropolis in the western extremity of Anatolia and the third most populous city in Turkey, after Istanbul and Ankara. İzmir's metropolitan area extends along the outlying waters of the Gulf of İzmir and inland to the north across Gediz River's delta, to the east along an alluvial plain created by several small streams and to a slightly more rugged terrain in the south. The ancient city was known as Smyrna, and the city was generally referred to as Smyrna in English, until the Turkish Postal Service Law of 28 March 1930 made \"İzmir\" the internationally recognized name.\nThe city of İzmir is composed of several metropolitan districts. Of these, Konak district corresponds to historical İzmir, this district's area having constituted the \"İzmir Municipality\" area until 1984, Konak until then having been a name for a central neighborhood around Konak Square, still the core of the city. With the constitution of the \"Greater İzmir Metropolitan Municipality\", the city of İzmir became a compound bringing together initially nine, and more recently eleven metropolitan districts, namely Balçova, Bayraklı, Bornova, Buca, Çiğli, Gaziemir, Güzelbahçe, Karabağlar, Karşıyaka, Konak and Narlıdere. Almost all of these settlements are former district centers or neighborhoods which stood on their own, with their own distinct features and temperament. In an ongoing processus, the Mayor of İzmir was also vested with authority over the areas of additional districts reaching from Aliağa in the north to Selçuk in the south, bringing the number of districts to be considered as being part of İzmir to twenty-one under the new arrangements, two of these having been administratively included in İzmir only partially.
/m/04t_mf	A Christian is a person who adheres to Christianity, an Abrahamic, monotheistic religion based on the life and teachings of Jesus of Nazareth. \"Christian\" derives from the Koine Greek word Christós, a translation of the Biblical Hebrew term mashiach.\nThere are diverse interpretations of Christianity which sometimes conflict. However, \"Whatever else they might disagree about, Christians are at least united in believing that Jesus has a unique significance.” The term \"Christian\" is also used adjectivally to describe anything associated with Christianity, or in a proverbial sense \"all that is noble, and good, and Christ-like.\" It is also used as a label to identify people who associate with the cultural aspects of Christianity, irrespective of personal religious beliefs or practices.
/m/0141kz	Sir John Mills CBE was an English actor who appeared in more than 120 films in a career spanning seven decades. On screen, he often played people who are not at all exceptional, but become heroes because of their common sense, generosity and good judgement. He received an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his work in Ryan's Daughter.
/m/013719	Monash University is a public university based in Melbourne, Australia. It was founded in 1958 and is the second oldest university in the State of Victoria. Monash is a member of Australia's Group of Eight and the ASAIHL, and is the only Australian member of the influential M8 Alliance of Academic Health Centers, Universities and National Academies.\nMonash enrolls approximately 45,000 undergraduate and 17,000 graduate students, making it the university with the largest student body in Australia. It also has more applicants than any university in the state of Victoria.\nMonash is home to major research facilities, including the Australian Synchrotron, the Monash Science Technology Research and Innovation Precinct, the Australian Stem Cell Centre, 100 research centres and 17 co-operative research centres. In 2011, its total revenue was over $1.5 billion, with external research income around $282 million.\nThe university has eight campuses, six of which are in Victoria, one in Malaysia, and one in South Africa. Monash also has a research and teaching centre in Prato, Italy, a graduate research school in Mumbai, India and a graduate school in Jiangsu Province, China. Since December 2011, Monash has also had a global alliance with the University of Warwick in the United Kingdom.
/m/015wd7	Chicano rock is rock music performed by Mexican American groups or music with themes derived from Chicano culture. Chicano Rock, to a great extent, does not refer to any single style or approach. Some of these groups do not sing in Spanish at all, or use many specifically Latin instruments or sounds. The main unifying factor, whether or not any explicitly Latin American music is heard, is a strong R&B influence, and a rather independent and rebellious approach to making music that comes from outside the music industry.
/m/01w_10	Katherine Anne \"Katie\" Couric is an American television journalist, author and talk show host.\nCouric has been a television host on all Big Three television networks in the United States. She worked for NBC News from 1989 to 2006 and for CBS News from 2006 until fall 2011, when she joined ABC News.\nAs of May 2012, Couric also has a web show for ABC News, titled Katie's Take, airing weekly on Yahoo! and the ABC News website. Since September 10, 2012, she has hosted Katie, a syndicated daytime talk show produced by Disney-ABC Domestic Television. In addition to this, she serves as special correspondent for ABC News, contributing to ABC World News, Nightline, 20/20, Good Morning America, This Week and primetime news specials.\nShe has anchored the CBS Evening News, reported for 60 Minutes, and hosted Today and reported for Dateline NBC. She was the first solo female anchor of a weekday evening news program on one of the three traditional U.S. broadcast networks. Couric's first book, The Best Advice I Ever Got: Lessons from Extraordinary Lives was a New York Times best-seller.\nAs of January 13, 2014, Couric is a global news anchor for Yahoo News, an affiliate of ABC News.
/m/02kdv5l	Action film is a film genre in which one or more heroes are thrust into a series of challenges that typically include physical feats, extended fight scenes, violence, and frantic chases. Action films tend to feature a resourceful character struggling against incredible odds, which include life-threatening situations, a villain, or a pursuit which generally concludes in victory for the hero.\nAdvancements in CGI have made it cheaper and easier to create action sequences and other visual effects that required the efforts of professional stunt crews in the past. However, reactions to action films containing significant amounts of CGI have been mixed as films that use computer animations to create unrealistic, highly unbelievable events are often met with criticism. While action has long been a recurring component in films, the \"action film\" genre began to develop in the 1970s along with the increase of stunts and special effects. The genre is closely associated with the thriller and adventure film genres, and it may also contain elements of spy fiction and espionage.
/m/05t4q	A physician is a professional who practices medicine, which is concerned with promoting, maintaining or restoring human health through the study, diagnosis, and treatment of disease, injury, and other physical and mental impairments. They may focus their practice on certain disease categories, types of patients, or methods of treatment – known as specialist medical practitioners – or assume responsibility for the provision of continuing and comprehensive medical care to individuals, families, and communities – known as general practitioners. Medical practice properly requires both a detailed knowledge of the academic disciplines underlying diseases and their treatment – the science of medicine – and also a decent competence in its applied practice – the art or craft of medicine.\nBoth the role of the physician and the meaning of the word itself vary around the world, including a wide variety of qualifications and degrees, but there are some common elements. For example, the ethics of medicine require that physicians show consideration, compassion and benevolence for their patients.
/m/0ptj2	Freiburg im Breisgau is a city in Baden-Württemberg, Germany with a population of about 230,000 people. In the south-west of the country, it straddles the Dreisam river, at the foot of the Schlossberg. Historically, the city has acted as the hub of the Breisgau region on the western edge of the Black Forest in the Upper Rhine Plain. One of the famous old German university towns, and archiepiscopal seat, Freiburg was incorporated in the early twelfth century and developed into a major commercial, intellectual, and ecclesiastical center of the upper Rhine region. The city is known for its medieval university and minster, as well as for its high standard of living and advanced environmental practices. The city is situated in the heart of a major wine-growing region and serves as the primary tourist entry point to the scenic beauty of the Black Forest. According to meteorological statistics, the city is the sunniest and warmest in Germany and holds the German temperature record of 40.2 °C.
/m/0gtxj2q	Step Up Revolution is an American 3D dance film produced by Step Up 3D director Jon M. Chu and directed by Scott Speer. The fourth installment in the Step Up film series was released on July 27, 2012, and stars Ryan Guzman and Kathryn McCormick, the latter from the sixth season of So You Think You Can Dance. The film features choreography by Jamal Sims, Christopher Scott, Chuck Maldonado and Travis Wall. The production design was created by Carlos A. Menendez. Unlike the first three films, produced by Touchstone Pictures and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures, this film was produced and distributed by Summit Entertainment without Disney's involvement.
/m/01kwlwp	Kirk Dwayne Franklin is an American gospel musician, choir director, and author who sold nearly 20 million albums worldwide. He is known for leading urban contemporary gospel choirs such as The Family, God's Property and One Nation Crew, and has won multiple awards, including seven Grammy Awards.
/m/0jlv5	Zhang Ziyi, sometimes credited as Ziyi Zhang, is a Chinese film actress and model. Chinese media have called her one of the Four Dan Actresses in China's film industry, along with Zhao Wei, Xu Jinglei and Zhou Xun.\nHer first major role was in The Road Home. She achieved fame in the West after leading roles in Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Rush Hour 2, House of Flying Daggers, and Memoirs of a Geisha. She has been nominated for three BAFTA Awards and a Golden Globe Award.
/m/026y05	Productivity is the ratio of output to inputs in production; it is an average measure of the efficiency of production. Efficiency of production means production’s capability to create incomes which is measured by the formula real output value minus real input value.\nIncreasing national productivity can raise living standards because more real income improves people's ability to purchase goods and services, enjoy leisure, improve housing and education and contribute to social and environmental programs. Productivity growth also helps businesses to be more profitable.
/m/01dnrs	Bury St Edmunds is a market town in the county of Suffolk, England, and formerly the county town of West Suffolk. It is the main town in the borough of St Edmundsbury and known for the ruined abbey near the town centre. Bury is the seat of the Diocese of St Edmundsbury and Ipswich, with the episcopal see at St Edmundsbury Cathedral.\nThe town, originally called Beodericsworth, is known for brewing and malting and for a British Sugar processing factory. Many large and small businesses are located in Bury, which traditionally has given Bury an affluent economy with low unemployment, with the town being the main cultural and retail centre for West Suffolk. Tourism is also a major part of the economy, plus local government.\nIt is in the Bury St Edmunds parliamentary constituency and is represented in Parliament by David Ruffley.
/m/02lf70	Lorraine Bracco is an American actress. She is best known for her roles as Dr. Jennifer Melfi on the HBO series The Sopranos and as Karen Hill in the 1990 Martin Scorsese film Goodfellas. She currently appears as Angela Rizzoli on the TNT series Rizzoli & Isles.
/m/08t7nz	William Ashman Fraker, A.S.C., B.S.C. was a cinematographer, film director, and producer. He has been nominated five times for the Academy Award for Best Cinematography. In 2000, he received a Lifetime Achievement Award from the American Society of Cinematographers honoring his career. Fraker graduated from the University of Southern California School of Cinematic Arts in 1950.
/m/0hwd8	Philip St. John Basil Rathbone, MC was a South African-born English actor. He rose to prominence in the UK as a Shakespearean stage actor and went on to appear in over 70 films, primarily costume dramas, swashbucklers and, occasionally, horror films.\nHe frequently portrayed suave villains or morally ambiguous characters, such as Mr. Murdstone in David Copperfield and Sir Guy of Gisbourne in The Adventures of Robin Hood. His most famous role, however, was heroic — that of Sherlock Holmes in fourteen Hollywood films made between 1939 and 1946 and in a radio series. His later career included roles on Broadway, as well as self-ironic film and television work. He received a Tony Award in 1948 as Best Actor in a Play.
/m/0h1nt	Sissy Spacek is an American actress and singer. She came to international prominence for her roles as Holly Sargis in Terrence Malick's film Badlands and as Carrie White in Brian De Palma's horror film Carrie, for which she earned her first Academy Award nomination. She won the Academy Award for Best Actress for her role as country star Loretta Lynn in the film Coal Miner's Daughter and received Oscar nominations for her roles in Missing, The River, Crimes of the Heart, and In the Bedroom.
/m/0340hj	Spider-Man 3 is a 2007 American superhero film produced by Marvel Entertainment and Laura Ziskin Productions, and distributed by Columbia Pictures based on the fictional Marvel Comics character Spider-Man. It was directed by Sam Raimi and scripted by Sam and Ivan Raimi and Alvin Sargent. It is the final film in the Sam Raimi Spider-Man trilogy. The film stars Tobey Maguire, Kirsten Dunst, James Franco, Thomas Haden Church, Topher Grace, Bryce Dallas Howard, Rosemary Harris, J. K. Simmons, James Cromwell and Cliff Robertson in his final film appearance.\nSet months after the events of Spider-Man 2, Peter Parker has become a cultural phenomenon as Spider-Man, while Mary Jane Watson continues her Broadway career. Harry Osborn still seeks vengeance for his father's death, and an escaped Flint Marko falls into a particle accelerator and is transformed into a shape-shifting sand manipulator. An extraterrestrial symbiote crashes to Earth and bonds with Peter, influencing his behavior for the worse. When Peter abandons the symbiote, it finds refuge in Eddie Brock, a rival photographer, causing Peter to face his greatest challenge.\nDevelopment of Spider-Man 3 began immediately after the release of Spider-Man 2 for a 2007 release. During pre-production, Raimi originally wanted another villain to be included along with Sandman, but at the request of producer Avi Arad, the director added Venom and the producers also requested the addition of Gwen Stacy. Principal photography for the film began in January 2006, and took place in Los Angeles and Cleveland, before moving to New York City from May until July 2006. Additional pick-up shots were made after August and the film wrapped in October 2006. During post-production, Sony Pictures Imageworks created 900 visual effects shots.
/m/01q2sk	The Carnegie Institute of Technology, is Carnegie Mellon University’s College of Engineering. The College can trace its origins from Andrew Carnegie's founding of the Carnegie Technical Schools. Today, CIT has seven departments of study and is consistently ranked one of the top ten engineering programs in the nation and the world.
/m/0ldff	Sonora, officially Free and Sovereign State of Sonora, is one of 31 states that, with the Federal District, comprise the 32 Federal Entities of Mexico. It is divided into 72 municipalities; the capital city is Hermosillo. Sonora is located in Northwest Mexico, bordered by the states of Chihuahua to the east, Baja California to the northwest and Sinaloa to the south. To the north, it shares the U.S.–Mexico border with the states of Arizona and New Mexico, and on the west has a significant share of the coastline of the Gulf of California.\nSonora's natural geography is divided into three parts: the Sierra Madre Occidental in the east of the state; plains and rolling hills in the center; and the coast on the Gulf of California. It is primarily arid or semi-arid deserts and grasslands, with only the highest elevations having sufficient rainfall to support other types of vegetation.\nSonora is home to eight indigenous peoples, including the Mayo, the Yaqui and the Seri. It has been economically important for its agriculture, livestock and mining since the colonial period, and for its status as a border state since the Mexican–American War. After the Gadsden Purchase, Sonora lost more than a quarter of its territory. From the 20th century to the present, industry, tourism and agribusiness have dominated the economy, attracting migration from other parts of Mexico.
/m/042fgh	Superman II is a 1980 superhero film directed by Richard Lester. It is a direct sequel to the 1978 film Superman and stars Gene Hackman, Christopher Reeve, Terence Stamp, Ned Beatty, Sarah Douglas, Margot Kidder, and Jack O'Halloran. The film was released in Australia and mainland Europe on December 4, 1980, and in other countries throughout 1981. Selected premiere engagements of Superman II were presented in Megasound, a high-impact surround sound system similar to Sensurround.\nSuperman II is well known for its complicated production. The original director Richard Donner had completed, by his estimation, roughly 75% of the movie in 1977 before being taken off the project. Many of the scenes were shot by second director Richard Lester, who had been an uncredited producer on the first film. However, in order to receive full director's credit, Lester had to shoot up to 51% of the film, which included refilming several sequences originally filmed by Donner. According to statements made by Donner, roughly 25% of the theatrical cut of Superman II contains footage he shot, including all of Gene Hackman's scenes. In 2006, a re-cut of the film was released titled Superman II: The Richard Donner Cut. The new version restores as much of Donner's original conception as possible, with approximately 83% of his footage included. Some of Lester's theatrical footage was retained to fill gaps in the story line that Donner had not been able to film before his firing.
/m/02_jjm	Saint Petersburg State University is a Russian federal state-owned higher education institution based in Saint Petersburg and one of the oldest and largest universities in Russia.\nIt is made up of 22 specialized faculties, 13 research institutes, the Faculty of Military Studies, the Academic Classical School, and the Department of Physical Culture and Sports. As of 2010, the university has a teaching staff of 6,855. The university has two primary campuses: one on Vasilievsky Island and the other in Peterhof. During the Soviet period, it was known as Leningrad State University, in 1948—1989 named after Zhdanov.
/m/04s1zr	The Gift is a 2000 American supernatural thriller film directed by Sam Raimi, written by Billy Bob Thornton and Tom Epperson and based on the alleged psychic experiences of Thornton's mother.\nThe film centers on Annie becoming involved in a murder case as a result of acquiring keen knowledge about the crime through her extrasensory perception. Other major characters are played by Keanu Reeves, Giovanni Ribisi, Hilary Swank, Katie Holmes, and Greg Kinnear.
/m/0277jc	The University of Basel is located in Basel, Switzerland, and is considered to be one of the leading universities in the country. In 2012, QS World University Rankings ranked the university 121st overall in the world, while two years before it was ranked 96–98th worldwide according to the Russian based Global University Ranking. In 2012, the ARWU ranked the university as the 85th best worldwide.
/m/05925	Maxis is an American company founded as an independent video game developer in 1987. It is currently a subsidiary of Electronic Arts, and serves as one of the four major labels of the company. Maxis is the creator of one of the best-selling computer games of all time, The Sims, and its sequel, The Sims 2. These titles and their related products are the brand's most popular and successful lines.\nMost Maxis titles are simulation-based. Maxis founder Will Wright likens them to \"digital dollhouses.\" Maxis has also released games developed by other production houses, such as A-Train and SimTower.
/m/024bqj	Minato is a special ward located in Tokyo, Japan. It calls itself Minato City in English.\nAs of 1 April 2013, it has an official population of 232,786. and a population density of 11,444.40 persons per km². The total area is 20.34 km².\nMinato hosts 49 embassies. It is also home to various companies, including Honda, Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, Ltd., Mitsubishi Motors Corporation, NEC, Sony, Fujitsu and Toshiba.
/m/01gbcf	Math rock is a rhythmically complex, often guitar-based, style of experimental rock and indie rock music that emerged in the late 1980s, influenced by progressive rock bands like King Crimson and 20th century minimalist composers such as Steve Reich. It is characterized by complex, atypical rhythmic structures, counterpoint, odd time signatures, angular melodies, and extended, often dissonant, chords.
/m/02k_4g	The Practice is an American legal drama created by David E. Kelley centering on the partners and associates at a Boston law firm. Running for eight seasons on ABC from 1997 to 2004, the show won the Emmy in 1998 and 1999 for Best Drama Series, and spawned the successful and lighter spin-off series Boston Legal, which ran for five more seasons, from 2004 to 2008.\nThe Practice focused on the law firm of Robert Donnell and Associates. Plots typically featured the firm's involvement in various high-profile criminal and civil cases that often mirror current events. Conflict between legal ethics and personal morality was a recurring theme. Some episodes contained light comedy. Kelley claimed that he conceived the show as something of a rebuttal to L.A. Law and its romanticized treatment of the American legal system and legal proceedings.
/m/03cp4cn	Shutter Island is a 2010 American psychological thriller film directed by Martin Scorsese. The film is based on Dennis Lehane's 2003 novel of the same name. Production started in March 2008. Leonardo DiCaprio stars as U.S. Marshal Edward \"Teddy\" Daniels, who is investigating a psychiatric facility on the titular island. Positively cited by movie reviewers, the film grossed over $128 million in its initial domestic theater release, as well as an additional $166 million internationally.\nShutter Island was originally slated to be released on October 2, 2009, but Paramount Pictures pushed the release date to February 19, 2010.
/m/0z90c	eBay Inc. is an American multinational internet consumer-to-consumer corporation, headquartered in San Jose, California. It was founded by Pierre Omidyar in 1995, and became a notable success story of the dot-com bubble; it is now a multi-billion dollar business with operations localized in over thirty countries. The company manages eBay.com, an online auction and shopping website in which people and businesses buy and sell a broad variety of goods and services worldwide. In addition to its auction-style sellings, the website has since expanded to include \"Buy It Now\" standard shopping; shopping by UPC, ISBN, or other kind of SKU; online classified advertisements; online event ticket trading; online money transfers and other services.\nAs of January 2014, eBay's market capitalization stood at roughly $69 billion. It is considered one of the most successful internet startups of all time by market capitalization, revenue, growth and cultural impact.
/m/049vhf	U.S. Gold was a British video game publisher and developer from the early 1980s through the mid-1990s, producing numerous titles on a variety of 8-bit, 16-bit and 32-bit platforms.
/m/044gyq	Jill Scott is a Grammy-winning American singer-songwriter, actress and poet. Since 1999, Scott has made a reputation for being a classic, thought provoking artist gained by her 2000 multi-platinum selling debut, Who Is Jill Scott? Words and Sounds Vol. 1. Their followups Beautifully Human: Words and Sounds Vol. 2 released in 2004, and The Real Thing: Words and Sounds Vol. 3 released in 2007 both achieved gold status. She made her cinematic debut in the films Hounddog and Tyler Perry's Why Did I Get Married? in 2007. She also appeared as the lead role in the BBC/HBO series The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency.
/m/09_2gj	Raghuvaran was an Indian actor who predominantly acted in movies made in South India. He became famous for his portrayal of villain and character roles in Tamil films. He has acted in more than 150 Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu, Kannada and Hindi films. According to the Hindustan Times, \"The actor had carved a niche for himself with his special style and voice modulation.\"\nHe played the protagonist of a Tamil soap opera, Oru Manidhanin Kadhai, about a well-to-do man who becomes an alcoholic. He received critical acclaim for his role as Father Alphonso in the Malayalam movie Daivathinte Vikruthikal, directed by Lenin Rajendran and based on M. Mukundan's novel of the same name.
/m/07gqbk	Sony Music Entertainment, Inc. is Sony's music arm in Japan. SMEJ is directly owned by Sony Corporation and independent from the United States-based Sony Music Entertainment due to its strength in the Japanese music industry. Its subsidiaries including the anime production enterprise, Aniplex, which was established in January 1997 as a joint-venture between Sony Music Entertainment Japan and Sony Pictures Entertainment, but which in 2001 became a wholly owned subsidiary of Sony Music Entertainment Japan. It was prominent in the early to mid 90's producing and licensing music for Anime such as Roujin Z from acclaimed Manga artist Katsuhiro Otomo and Capcom's Street Fighter anime series.\nUntil March 2007, Sony Music Japan also had its own North American sublabel, Tofu Records. Releases of Sony Music Japan now appear on Columbia Records and/or Epic Records in North America.\nSony does not have rights on Columbia name and trademark in Japan, so releases under Columbia Records from another country appears on Sony Records in Japan, but retains the usage of the \"walking eye\" logo. The Columbia name and trademark is controlled by Nippon Columbia.
/m/083tk	Welsh is a member of the Brythonic branch of the Celtic languages spoken natively in Wales, by some along the Welsh border in England, and in Y Wladfa. Historically it has also been known in English as \"the British tongue\", \"Cambrian\", \"Cambric\" and \"Cymric\".\nThe 2011 UK Census counted almost 3 million residents of Wales. Of these, 73% reported having no Welsh language skills. Of the residents of Wales aged three and over, 19% reported being able to speak Welsh, and 77% of these were able to speak, read, and write the language. This can be compared with the 2001 Census, in which 20.8% of the population reported being able to speak Welsh. In surveys carried out between 2004 and 2006, 57% of Welsh speakers described themselves as fluent in the written language.\nA greeting in Welsh is one of 55 languages included on the Voyager Golden Record chosen to be representative of Earth in NASA's Voyager program launched in 1977. The greetings are unique to each language, with the Welsh greeting being Iechyd da i chwi yn awr ac yn oesoedd which translates into English as \"Good health to you now and forever\".
/m/0cl8c	Leiden is a city and municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. The municipality of Leiden has a population of about 120,000, but the city forms one densely connected urban area with its suburbs Oegstgeest, Leiderdorp and Voorschoten. The larger Leiden agglomeration counts 332,000 inhabitants which makes it the sixth major agglomeration in the Netherlands. Leiden is located on the Old Rhine, at a distance of some 20 kilometres from The Hague to its south and some 40 kilometres from Amsterdam to its north. The recreational area of the Kaag Lakes lies just to the northeast of Leiden.\nA university city since 1575, Leiden houses Leiden University and Leiden University Medical Centre. It is twinned with Oxford, the location of England's oldest university.
/m/07c37	Thomas Hobbes of Malmesbury, in some older texts Thomas Hobbs of Malmsbury, was an English philosopher, best known today for his work on political philosophy. His 1651 book Leviathan established the foundation for most of Western political philosophy from the perspective of social contract theory.\nThough on rational grounds a champion of absolutism for the sovereign, Hobbes also developed some of the fundamentals of European liberal thought: the right of the individual; the natural equality of all men; the artificial character of the political order; the view that all legitimate political power must be \"representative\" and based on the consent of the people; and a liberal interpretation of law which leaves people free to do whatever the law does not explicitly forbid.\nHe was one of the founders of modern political philosophy and political science. His understanding of humans as being matter and motion, obeying the same physical laws as other matter and motion, remains influential; and his account of human nature as self-interested cooperation, and of political communities as being based upon a \"social contract\" remains one of the major topics of political philosophy.
/m/014l4w	The National Film Board of Canada is Canada's twelve-time Academy Award-winning public film and digital media producer and distributor. An agency of the Government of Canada, the NFB produces and distributes documentary films, animation, web documentaries and alternative dramas. In total, the NFB has produced over 13,000 productions which have won over 5,000 awards. The NFB reports to the Parliament of Canada through the Minister of Canadian Heritage. It has English language and French language production branches.
/m/01c744	The Canton of Valais is one of the 26 cantons of Switzerland, situated in the southwestern part of the country, around the valley of the Rhône from its headwaters to Lake Geneva, separating the Pennine Alps from the Bernese Alps. The canton is simultaneously one of the driest regions of Switzerland in its central Rhône valley and among the wettest, having large amounts of snow and rain up on the highest peaks found in Switzerland. The canton of Valais is widely known for the Matterhorn and resort towns such as Saas Fee, Verbier, and Zermatt. It is composed of 13 districts and its capital is Sion.
/m/0n5yv	Grafton County is a county located in the U.S. state of New Hampshire. As of the 2010 census, the population was 89,118. Its county seat is North Haverhill, which is a village within the town of Haverhill. Until 1972, the county courthouse and other offices were located in downtown Woodsville, a larger village within the town of Haverhill. Grafton County is part of the Lebanon, NH–VT Micropolitan Statistical Area.\nThe county is the home of Dartmouth College and Plymouth State University. Progressive Farmer rated Grafton County fourth in its list of the \"Best Places to Live in Rural America\" in 2006, citing low unemployment, a favorable cost of living, and the presence of White Mountain National Forest, the state's only national forest.
/m/035yg	Grenada is an island country consisting of the island of Grenada and six smaller islands at the southern end of the Grenadines in the southeastern Caribbean Sea. Grenada is located northwest of Trinidad and Tobago, northeast of Venezuela, and southwest of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.\nGrenada is also known as the \"Island of Spice\" because of the production of nutmeg and mace crops of which Grenada is one of the world's largest exporters. Its size is 344 square kilometres, with an estimated population of 110,000. Its capital is St. George's. The national bird of Grenada is the critically endangered Grenada Dove.
/m/01zk9d	St Andrews is a former royal burgh on the east coast of Fife in Scotland, named after Saint Andrew the Apostle. The town is home to the University of St Andrews, the third oldest university in the English-speaking world and the oldest in Scotland. The University is an integral part of the burgh, and during term time students make up approximately one third of the town's population. St Andrews has a population of 16,680, making this the fifth largest settlement in Fife.\nThere has been an important church in St Andrews since at least the 8th century, and a bishopric since at least the 11th century. The settlement grew to the west of St Andrews cathedral with the southern side of the Scores to the north and the Kinness burn to the south. The burgh soon became the ecclesiastical capital of Scotland, a position which was held until the Scottish Reformation. The famous cathedral, the largest in Scotland, now lies in ruins.\nSt Andrews is also known worldwide as the \"home of golf\". This is in part because the Royal and Ancient Golf Club, founded in 1754, exercises legislative authority over the game worldwide, and also because the famous links is the most frequent venue for The Open Championship, the oldest of golf's four major championships. Visitors travel to St Andrews in great numbers for several courses ranked amongst the finest in the world, as well as for the sandy beaches.
/m/0fjyzt	The Quiet American is a 2002 film adaptation of Graham Greene's bestselling novel of the same name. It was directed by Phillip Noyce and starred Michael Caine, Brendan Fraser, and Do Thi Hai Yen.\nThe 2002 version of The Quiet American, in contrast to the 1958 version, depicted Greene's original ending and treatment of the principal American character, Pyle. Like the novel, the film illustrates Pyle's moral culpability in arranging terrorist actions aimed at the French colonial government and the Viet Minh. Going beyond Greene's original work, the film used a montage ending with superimposed images of American soldiers from the intervening decades of the Vietnam War.\nMiramax had paid $5.5 million for the rights to distribute the film in North America and some other territories, and this film went on to gross US$12.9 million in limited theatrical release in the United States. Michael Caine was nominated for the Oscar as Best Actor.
/m/0mz73	Hilary Ann Swank is an American actress. She has won the Academy Award for Best Actress twice, for playing Brandon Teena in Boys Don't Cry and a struggling waitress-turned-boxer Maggie Fitzgerald in Million Dollar Baby. Swank is also known for her roles in Insomnia, The Reaping and P.S. I Love You.
/m/0ldd	Dame Agatha Mary Clarissa Christie, DBE was an English crime novelist, short story writer, and playwright. She also wrote six romances under the name Mary Westmacott, but she is best known for the 66 detective novels and 14 short story collections she wrote under her own name, most of which revolve around the investigations of such characters as Hercule Poirot, Miss Jane Marple and Tommy and Tuppence. She also wrote the world's longest-running play, The Mousetrap.\nBorn to a wealthy upper-middle-class family in Torquay, Devon, Christie served in a hospital during the First World War, before marrying and starting a family in London. Although initially unsuccessful at getting her work published, in 1920, The Bodley Head press published her novel The Mysterious Affair at Styles, featuring the character of Poirot. This launched her literary career.\nThe Guinness Book of World Records lists Christie as the best-selling novelist of all time. Her novels have sold roughly 4 billion copies, and her estate claims that her works rank third, after those of William Shakespeare and the Bible, as the world's most-widely published books. According to Index Translationum, Christie is the most-translated individual author, and her books have been translated into at least 103 languages. And Then There Were None is Christie's best-selling novel with 100 million sales to date, making it the world's best-selling mystery ever, and one of the best-selling books of all time. In 1971, she was made a Dame by Queen Elizabeth II at Buckingham Palace. In 2013, The Murder of Roger Ackroyd was voted the best crime novel ever by 600 fellow writers of the Crime Writers' Association.
/m/0n8qp	Autoimmunity is the failure of an organism in recognizing its own constituent parts as self, thus leading to an immune response against its own cells and tissues. Any disease that results from such an aberrant immune response is termed an autoimmune disease. Prominent examples include Celiac disease, diabetes mellitus type 1, Sarcoidosis, systemic lupus erythematosus, Sjögren's syndrome, Churg-Strauss Syndrome, Hashimoto's thyroiditis, Graves' disease, idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura, Addison's Disease, rheumatoid arthritis, Polymyositis, and Dermatomyositis. Autoimmune diseases are very often treated with steroids.\nThe misconception that an individual's immune system is totally incapable of recognizing self antigens is not new. Paul Ehrlich, at the beginning of the twentieth century, proposed the concept of horror autotoxicus, wherein a \"normal\" body does not mount an immune response against its own tissues. Thus, any autoimmune response was perceived to be abnormal and postulated to be connected with human disease. Now, it is accepted that autoimmune responses are an integral part of vertebrate immune systems, normally prevented from causing disease by the phenomenon of immunological tolerance to self-antigens.
/m/0p_47	Stephen Glenn \"Steve\" Martin is an American actor, comedian, musician, author, screenwriter and film producer.\nMartin came to public notice as a writer for the Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour, and later became a frequent guest on The Tonight Show. In the 1970s, Martin performed his offbeat, absurdist comedy routines before packed houses on national tours. In 2004, Comedy Central ranked Martin at sixth place in a list of the 100 greatest stand-up comics.\nSince the 1980s, having branched away from stand-up comedy, Martin has become a successful actor, as well as an author, playwright, pianist and banjo player, eventually earning Emmy, Grammy and American Comedy awards, among other honors.\nMartin was awarded an honorary Oscar at the Academy’s 5th Annual Governors Awards in November 2013.
/m/019tzd	Mountain biking is the sport of riding bicycles off-road, often over rough terrain, using specially designed mountain bikes. Mountain bikes share similarities with other bikes, but incorporate features designed to enhance durability and performance in rough terrain.\nMountain biking can generally be broken down into multiple categories: cross country, trail riding, all mountain, downhill, freeride, slopestyle, dirt jumping, and trials. The vast majority of mountain biking falls into the recreational XC,Trail Riding and Enduro categories.\nThis individual sport requires endurance, core strength and balance, bike handling skills, and self-reliance. Advanced riders pursue steep technical descents and, in the case of freeriding, downhilling, and dirt jumping, aerial maneuvers off both natural features and specially constructed jumps and ramps.\nMountain biking can be performed almost anywhere from a back yard to a gravel road, but the majority of mountain bikers ride off-road trails, whether country back roads, fire roads, or singletrack. There are aspects of mountain biking that are more similar to trail running than regular bicycling. Because riders are often far from civilization, there is a strong ethic of self-reliance in the sport. Riders learn to repair their broken bikes or flat tires to avoid being stranded miles from help. Many riders will carry a backpack, including a water bladder, containing all the essential tools and equipment for trailside repairs, and many riders also carry emergency supplies in the case of injury miles from outside help. Club rides and other forms of group rides are common, especially on longer treks. A combination sport named mountain bike orienteering adds the skill of map navigation to mountain biking.
/m/024jvz	The United States presidential election of 2008 was the 56th quadrennial presidential election. It was held on Tuesday, November 4, 2008. Democratic Party nominee Senator Barack Obama and running mate Senator Joe Biden defeated Republican Party nominee Senator John McCain and running mate Governor Sarah Palin.\nMcCain secured the Republican nomination by March 2008, but the Democratic nomination was marked by a sharp contest between Obama and initial frontrunner Senator Hillary Clinton, with Obama not securing the nomination until early June. Early campaigning had focused heavily on the Iraq War and the unpopularity of outgoing Republican President George W. Bush, but all candidates focused on domestic concerns as well, which grew more prominent as the economy experienced the onset of the Great Recession and a major financial crisis that peaked in September 2008.\nObama would go on to win a decisive victory over McCain, winning both the popular vote and the electoral college, with 365 electoral votes to McCain's 173; he received the largest percentage of the popular vote for a Democrat in nearly a half-century. Obama's successes in obtaining a major party's nomination and winning the general election were both firsts for an African American, and Clinton came closer to obtaining a major party's nomination for president than any previous female candidate.
/m/09l27d	Beat 'em up is a video game genre featuring melee combat between the protagonist and an improbably large number of underpowered enemies. These games typically take place in urban settings and feature crime-fighting and revenge-based plots, though some games may employ historical or fantasy themes. Traditional beat 'em ups take place in scrolling, two-dimensional levels, though some later games feature more open three-dimensional environments with yet larger numbers of enemies. These games are noted for their simple gameplay, a source of both critical acclaim and derision. Two-player cooperative gameplay and multiple player characters are also hallmarks of the genre.\nThe first influential beat 'em up was 1984's Kung-Fu Master, with 1986's Renegade introducing the urban settings and underworld revenge themes employed extensively by later games. The genre then saw a period of high popularity between the release of Double Dragon in 1987, which defined the two-player cooperative mode central to classic beat 'em ups, and 1991's Street Fighter II, which drew gamers towards one-on-one fighting games. Games such as Streets of Rage 2, Final Fight and Golden Axe are other classics to emerge from this period. The genre has been less popular since the emergence of 3D-based mass-market games, but still some beat 'em ups adapted the simple formula to utilize large-scale 3D environments.
/m/0flj39	Viju Khote is an Indian actor who has worked as character actor in more than 300 films in Hindi cinema and Marathi cinema. He is famous as the dacoit Kalia in the film Sholay and the dialogue, \"Sardar maine aapka namak khaya hai\" and Robert in movie Andaz Apna Apna with the dialogue \"galti se mistake hogaya\". On television he is most remembered for his role in Zabaan Sambhalke. He has also acted in Marathi theatre over the years.
/m/0h1n9	Crohn's disease, also known as Crohn syndrome and regional enteritis, is a type of inflammatory bowel disease that may affect any part of the gastrointestinal tract from mouth to anus, causing a wide variety of symptoms. It primarily causes abdominal pain, diarrhea, vomiting, or weight loss, but may also cause complications outside the gastrointestinal tract such as anemia, skin rashes, arthritis, inflammation of the eye, tiredness, and lack of concentration. Crohn's disease is caused by interactions between environmental, immunological and bacterial factors in genetically susceptible individuals. This results in a chronic inflammatory disorder, in which the body's immune system attacks the gastrointestinal tract possibly directed at microbial antigens. While Crohn's is an immune related disease, it does not appear to be an autoimmune disease. The exact underlying immune problem is not clear; however, it may be an immune deficiency state.\nThere is a genetic association with Crohn's disease, primarily with variations of the NOD2 gene and its protein, which senses bacterial cell walls. Siblings of affected individuals are at higher risk. Males and females are equally affected. Tobacco smokers are two times more likely to develop Crohn's disease than nonsmokers. Crohn's disease affects between 400,000 and 600,000 people in North America. Prevalence estimates for Northern Europe have ranged from 27–48 per 100,000. Crohn's disease tends to present initially in the teens and twenties, with another peak incidence in the fifties to seventies, although the disease can occur at any age. There is no known pharmaceutical or surgical cure for Crohn's disease. Treatment options are restricted to controlling symptoms, maintaining remission, and preventing relapse. The disease was named after gastroenterologist Burrill Bernard Crohn, who, in 1932, together with two other colleagues at Mount Sinai Hospital in New York, described a series of patients with inflammation of the terminal ileum, the area most commonly affected by the illness.
/m/0rwgm	Located in the foothills of the Appalachian Mountains, Rome is the largest city in and the county seat of Floyd County, Georgia, United States. It is the principal city of the Rome, Georgia, Metropolitan Statistical Area, population 96,250, which encompasses all of Floyd County. At the 2010 census, the city itself had a total population of 36,303, and is the largest city in Northwest Georgia and the 19th largest city in the state.\nAlthough no Interstate highway passes through Rome, it is the second largest city, after Gadsden, Alabama, near the center of the triangular area defined by the Interstate highways between Atlanta, Birmingham and Chattanooga, which contributes to its importance as a regional center in several areas, such as medical care and education. Rome is the home of Darlington School, Berry College and Shorter University.\nRome's name is a commemoration of the Italian city of Rome. Rome, Georgia, was built on seven hills with a river running between them, a feature that was an inspiration for the name. This connection is emphasized by a replica of the statue of Romulus and Remus nursing from a mother wolf, a symbol of the original Rome, which was a 1929 gift from Italian dictator Benito Mussolini.
/m/03mfqm	Colleen Atwood is an American costume designer.\nAtwood has been nominated for an Academy Award for Best Costume Design ten times and won Academy Awards for the movies Chicago in 2002, Memoirs of a Geisha in 2005, and Alice in Wonderland in 2010. Atwood has collaborated several times with directors Tim Burton, Rob Marshall and Jonathan Demme.
/m/051wf	The Montreal Expos were a Major League Baseball team located in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, from 1969 through 2004, holding the first MLB franchise awarded outside the United States. After the 2004 season, MLB moved the Expos to Washington, D.C. and renamed them the Nationals.\nNamed after the Expo 67 World's Fair, the Expos started play at Jarry Park Stadium under manager Gene Mauch. The team's initial majority owner was Charles Bronfman, a major shareholder in Seagram. Following the 1976 Summer Olympics, starting in 1977 the team's home venue was Montreal's Olympic Stadium. After a decade of losing seasons, the team won 95 games in 1979, finishing second in the National League East. The Expos began the 1980s with a core group of young players, including catcher Gary Carter, outfielders Tim Raines and Andre Dawson, third baseman Tim Wallach, and pitchers Steve Rogers and Bill Gullickson. The team won its only division championship in the strike-shortened split season of 1981, ending its season with a 3 games to 2 loss to the Los Angeles Dodgers in the National League Championship Series.\nAfter a number of up-and-down seasons, the team was sold to a consortium of owners in 1991, with Claude Brochu as the managing general partner. Buck Rodgers, manager since the 1985 season and, at that time, second only to Gene Mauch in number of Expos games managed, was replaced early in the 1991 season. In May 1992, Felipe Alou, a longtime member of the Expos organization since 1976, was promoted to field manager, becoming the first Dominican-born manager in MLB history. Alou would become the leader in Expos games managed while guiding the team to winning records, including 1994, when the Expos, led by a talented group of players including Larry Walker, Moisés Alou, Marquis Grissom and Pedro Martínez, had the best record in the major leagues until the strike forced the cancellation of the remainder of the season. After the disappointment of 1994, Expos management began shedding its key players, and the team's fan support dwindled. Brochu sold control of the team to Jeffrey Loria in 1999, but Loria failed to close on a plan to build a new downtown ballpark, and did not reach an agreement on television and English radio broadcast contracts for the 2000 season, reducing the team's media coverage.
/m/01pctb	Heidi Klum is a German-American model, television host, businesswoman, fashion designer, television producer, and occasional actress. In 2008, she became an American citizen while maintaining her native German citizenship.\nKlum became internationally known for her appearances on the cover of the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue. In 1997 she became the first German model to become a Victoria's Secret Angel. Following a successful modeling career, Klum became the host and a judge of the reality show Project Runway which earned her an Emmy nomination in 2008 and a win in 2013 for Outstanding Host for a Reality or Reality-Competition Program. She has worked as a spokesmodel for Dannon and H & M, and has appeared in numerous commercials for McDonald's, Volkswagen and others. In 2009, Klum became Barbie's official ambassador on Barbie's 50th anniversary. As an occasional actress, she had supporting roles in movies including Blow Dry, Ella Enchanted, and made cameo appearances on The Devil Wears Prada and Perfect Stranger. She has also appeared on TV shows including Sex and the City and How I Met Your Mother. Currently, Klum is a judge on the NBC reality show America's Got Talent.
/m/016yr0	Edward James Olmos is a Mexican American actor and director. Among his most memorable roles are William Adama in the re-imagined Battlestar Galactica, Lt. Martin Castillo in Miami Vice, teacher Jaime Escalante in Stand and Deliver, patriarch Abraham Quintanilla in the film Selena, Detective Gaff in Blade Runner, and narrator El Pachuco in both the stage and film versions of Zoot Suit.\nIn 1988, Olmos was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role for the film Stand and Deliver.\nHe has also been a longtime pioneer for more diversified roles and images of Hispanics in the U.S. media. His notable direction, production and starring roles for films, made-for-TV movies and TV shows include Wolfen, Triumph of the Spirit, Talent for the Game, American Me, The Burning Season, My Family/Mi Familia, Caught, 12 Angry Men, The Disappearance of Garcia Lorca, Walkout, The Wonderful Ice Cream Suit, American Family, and 2 Guns.
/m/01vdm0	An electronic keyboard is an electronic or digital keyboard instrument.
/m/04lyk	Los Angeles International Airport is the primary airport serving the Greater Los Angeles Area, the second-most populated metropolitan area in the United States. It is most often referred to by its IATA airport code LAX, with the letters pronounced individually. LAX is located in southwestern Los Angeles along the Pacific coast in the neighborhood of Westchester, 16 miles from Downtown Los Angeles. It is owned and operated by Los Angeles World Airports, an agency of the Los Angeles city government formerly known as the Department of Airports.\nIn 2012, LAX was the sixth busiest airport in the world with 63,688,121 passengers, an increase of 3% from 2011. The airport holds the claim for \"the world's busiest origin and destination airport\" in 2011, meaning it had the most non-connecting passengers. It is also the only airport to rank among the top five U.S. airports for both passenger and cargo traffic.\nLAX is the busiest airport in the Greater Los Angeles Area; however, other airports including Bob Hope Airport, John Wayne Airport, Long Beach Airport, and LA/Ontario International Airport also serve the region.
/m/02q_x_l	Shackleton is a 2002 British television film written and directed by Charles Sturridge and starring Kenneth Branagh as explorer Sir Ernest Shackleton. The film tells the true story of Shackleton's 1914 Antarctic expedition on the ship Endurance. The cast includes Kevin McNally, Lorcan Cranitch, Embeth Davidtz, Danny Webb, Matt Day and Phoebe Nicholls as Lady Shackleton. It was filmed in the UK, Iceland and Greenland. The film used first-hand accounts by the men on the expedition to re-tell the story. Shackleton biographer Roland Huntford was a production advisor.\nShackleton was first broadcast in two parts by Channel 4 in January 2002. In North America the film was first broadcast by the A&E Network in April 2002. The film was nominated for seven Emmy Awards, six BAFTA Awards, and a Golden Globe Award.
/m/02wmbg	Rajinikanth is an Indian film actor, media personality, and cultural icon. He made his acting debut through the National Film Award-winning Tamil film Apoorva Raagangal, directed by K. Balachander, whom the actor considers his mentor. While working in other regional film industries of India, Rajinikanth has also appeared in the cinemas of other nations, including that of the United States.\nBorn and raised in the Indian city of Bangalore, Rajinikanth struggled with an impoverished lifestyle during his childhood. He began acting in plays while working in the Bangalore Metropolitan Transport Corporation as a bus conductor. He came to Madras in 1973 and got admitted into the Madras Film Institute to pursue a diploma in acting. After a brief phase of portraying antagonistic characters in Tamil films, Rajinikanth gradually rose to become an established actor. Since then, he continues to hold a matinee idol status in the popular culture of India. His mannerisms and stylised delivery of dialogue in films contribute to his mass popularity and appeal. After being paid 260 million for his role in Sivaji, he became the highest paid actor in Asia after Jackie Chan.
/m/0c_m3	Memphis is a city in the southwestern corner of the U.S. state of Tennessee, and the county seat of Shelby County. The city is located on the 4th Chickasaw Bluff, south of the confluence of the Wolf and Mississippi rivers.\nMemphis had a population of 670,132 in 2012, making it the largest city in the state of Tennessee, the largest city on the Mississippi River, the third largest in the Southeastern United States, and the 20th largest in the United States. The greater Memphis metropolitan area, including adjacent counties in Mississippi and Arkansas, had a 2010 population of 1,316,100. This makes Memphis the second-largest metropolitan area in Tennessee, surpassed only by metropolitan Nashville. Memphis is the youngest of Tennessee's major cities. A resident of Memphis is referred to as a Memphian, and the Memphis region is known, particularly to media outlets, as \"Memphis & The Mid-South\".
/m/0c43g	Raffaello Sanzio da Urbino, better known simply as Raphael, was an Italian painter and architect of the High Renaissance. His work is admired for its clarity of form and ease of composition and for its visual achievement of the Neoplatonic ideal of human grandeur. Together with Michelangelo and Leonardo da Vinci, he forms the traditional trinity of great masters of that period.\nRaphael was enormously productive, running an unusually large workshop and, despite his death at 37, leaving a large body of work. Many of his works are found in the Vatican Palace, where the frescoed Raphael Rooms were the central, and the largest, work of his career. The best known work is The School of Athens in the Vatican Stanza della Segnatura. After his early years in Rome much of his work was executed by his workshop from his drawings, with considerable loss of quality. He was extremely influential in his lifetime, though outside Rome his work was mostly known from his collaborative printmaking. After his death, the influence of his great rival Michelangelo was more widespread until the 18th and 19th centuries, when Raphael's more serene and harmonious qualities were again regarded as the highest models. His career falls naturally into three phases and three styles, first described by Giorgio Vasari: his early years in Umbria, then a period of about four years absorbing the artistic traditions of Florence, followed by his last hectic and triumphant twelve years in Rome, working for two Popes and their close associates.
/m/05k8m5	Spinefarm Records is a Finland-based record label focusing mainly on heavy metal artists. In 1999, a sub-label titled Spikefarm Records was started by Sami Tenetz from Thy Serpent. Since 2002, Spinefarm has been part of Universal Music Group, but operates as an independent business unit.\nIn Autumn 2007, Spinefarm launched in the UK, starting with re-issuing deluxe versions of the first 5 Nightwish albums, including the 'Over The Hills And Far Away' EP.
/m/0pj9t	Bobby Darin was an American singer, songwriter, and actor of film and television. He performed in a range of music genres, including pop, rock'n'roll, jazz, folk, and country.\nHe started as a songwriter for Connie Francis, and recorded his own first million-seller Splish Splash in 1958. This was followed by Dream Lover, Mack the Knife, and Beyond the Sea, which brought him world fame. In 1962, he won a Golden Globe for his first film Come September, co-starring his first wife, Sandra Dee.\nThroughout the 1960s, he became more politically active and worked on Robert Kennedy's Democratic presidential campaign. He was present on the night of June 4/5, 1968, at the Ambassador Hotel in Los Angeles at the time of Kennedy's assassination. The same year, he discovered that he had been brought up by his grandparents, not his parents, and that the girl he thought was his sister was actually his mother. These events deeply affected Darin and sent him into a long period of seclusion.\nAlthough he made a successful television comeback, his health was beginning to fail, as he had always expected, following bouts of rheumatic fever in childhood. This knowledge of his vulnerability had always spurred him on to exploit his musical talent while still young. He died at age 37, following a heart operation in Los Angeles.
/m/0bthb	Lehigh University is an American private research university located in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania. It was established in 1865 by businessman Asa Packer and has grown to include studies in a wide variety of disciplines. As of 2012, the university comprises 4,883 undergraduate students and 2,187 graduate students. Lehigh is considered one of the twenty-four Hidden Ivies in the Northeastern United States.\nLehigh is ranked 12th in the nation, according to The Wall Street Journal, in college return on investment. The university has over 680 faculty members; awards and honors recognizing Lehigh faculty and alumni include the Nobel Prize, the Pulitzer Prize, Fulbright Fellowship, and membership in the American Academy of Arts & Sciences and the National Academy of Sciences.\nThe university has four colleges: the P.C. Rossin College of Engineering and Applied Science, the College of Arts and Sciences, the College of Business and Economics, and the College of Education. The College of Arts and Sciences is the largest college today, home to roughly 40% percent of the university's students. The university offers a variety of degrees, including Bachelor of Arts, Bachelor of Science, Master of Arts, Master of Science, Master of Business Administration, Master of Engineering, Master of Education, and Doctor of Philosophy.
/m/0qkcb	Newton is a suburban city in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States. It is approximately 7 miles west of downtown Boston and is bordered by Boston and Watertown to the east. Rather than having a single city center, Newton is a patchwork of thirteen villages. According to the 2010 U.S. Census, the population of Newton was 85,146, making it the eleventh largest city in the state.\nNewton is served by three modes of mass transit run by the MBTA: light rail, commuter rail, and bus service. Newton's proximity to Boston and easy commute, along with its handsome housing stock, good public schools and safe and quiet neighborhoods, make it a desirable community for those who commute to Boston. Newton has consistently ranked as one of the best cities to live in in the country. In August 2012, Money magazine named Newton fourth best small city among places to live in America.\nNewton was settled in 1630 as part of \"the newe towne\", which became Cambridge in 1638; it became its own town in 1688. There are several historical sites of interest in the Newton area. These include Crystal Lake, the East Parish and West Parish Burying Grounds, and the Jackson Homestead, which now houses the Newton History Museum. Historian and local resident Diana Muir has written about the history surrounding Bullough's Pond; a scene from the 2008 production of The Women was also filmed there.
/m/036b_	Guinea-Bissau, officially the Republic of Guinea-Bissau, is a country in West Africa. It is bordered by Senegal to the north and Guinea to the south and east, with the Atlantic Ocean to its west. It covers 36,125 km² with an estimated population of 1,600,000.\nGuinea-Bissau was once part of the kingdom of Gabu, as well as part of the Mali Empire. Parts of this kingdom persisted until the 18th century, while a few others were part of the Portuguese Empire since the 16th century. It then became the Portuguese colony of Portuguese Guinea in the 19th century. Upon independence, declared in 1973 and recognised in 1974, the name of its capital, Bissau, was added to the country's name to prevent confusion with Guinea. Guinea-Bissau has a history of political instability since gaining independence, and no elected president has successfully served a full five-year term. On the evening of 12 April 2012, members of the country's military staged a coup and arrested the interim president and a leading presidential candidate. The military has yet to declare a current leader for the country. However, former vice chief of staff, General Mamadu Ture Kuruma has taken care of the country in the transitional period and started negotiations with opposition parties.
/m/02kxx1	The University of Calcutta is a public state university located in Kolkata, West Bengal, India established on 24 January 1857. By foundation date, it is the first institution in South Asia to be established as a multidisciplinary and secular Western style university. Within India it is recognized as a Five Star University and a Centre with Potential for Excellence by the University Grants Commission and the National Assessment and Accreditation Council. Within all state universities all over India, this university had the highest number students who cleared the doctoral entrance eligibility exam in the sciences conducted by Government of India's National Eligibility Test to become eligible to pursue research with full scholarship awarded by the Government of India.\nIt is a state-government administered urban-based affiliating and research university. It has its central campus in College Street. Its other campuses are in Rajabazar, Ballygunge, Alipore, Hazra and South Sinthi.
/m/05f8c2	SK Sturm Graz is an Austrian association football club, based in Graz, Styria, playing in the Austrian Bundesliga. The club was founded in 1909. Its colours are black and white.\nSo far, Sturm Graz has won the Austrian Football Championship three times and participated several times in the UEFA Champions League and UEFA Europa League.
/m/01t8sr	Tennessee State University is a land-grant university located in Nashville, Tennessee, United States. TSU is the only state-funded historically black university in Tennessee. The University is a member-school of Thurgood Marshall College Fund.
/m/046fz5	The Kenya national football team represents Kenya in football and is controlled by the Football Kenya Federation. They have never qualified for the FIFA World Cup finals.
/m/06www	Steampunk is a sub-genre of science fiction that typically features steam-powered machinery, especially in a setting inspired by industrialised Western civilisation during the 19th century. Steampunk works are often set in an alternative history of the 19th century's British Victorian era or American \"Wild West\", in a post-apocalyptic future during which steam power has regained mainstream use, or in a fantasy world that similarly employs steam power. Steampunk perhaps most recognisably features anachronistic technologies or retro-futuristic inventions as people in the 19th century might have envisioned them, and is likewise rooted in the era's perspective on fashion, culture, architectural style, and art. Such technology may include fictional machines like those found in the works of H. G. Wells and Jules Verne, or the modern authors Philip Pullman, Scott Westerfeld, Stephen Hunt and China Miéville. Other examples of steampunk contain alternative history-style presentations of such technology as lighter-than-air airships, analog computers, or such digital mechanical computers as Charles Babbage's Analytical Engine.\nSteampunk may also, though not necessarily, incorporate additional elements from the genres of fantasy, horror, historical fiction, alternate history, or other branches of speculative fiction, making it often a hybrid genre. The term steampunk's first known appearance was in 1987, though it now retroactively refers to many works of fiction created even as far back as the 1950s or 1960s.
/m/028v3	Detective fiction is a sub-genre of crime fiction and mystery fiction in which an investigator or a detective - either professional or amateur - investigates a crime, often murder.
/m/0d6yv	Brighton is a town on the south coast of Great Britain. It makes up most of the city and unitary authority of Brighton and Hove. Formerly part of the non-metropolitan county of East Sussex, it remains part of the ceremonial county of East Sussex, within the historic county of Sussex.\nThe ancient settlement of \"Brighthelmstone\" dates from before Domesday Book, but it emerged as a health resort featuring sea bathing during the 18th century, was used as a seaside getaway by the Prince Regent, and became a highly popular destination for day-trippers from London after the arrival of the railway in 1841. Brighton experienced rapid population growth, reaching a peak of over 160,000 by 1961.\nModern Brighton forms part of the Brighton/Worthing/Littlehampton conurbation stretching along the coast, with a population of around 480,000 inhabitants.
/m/02bxd	The didgeridoo is a wind instrument developed by Indigenous Australians of northern Australia around 1,500 years ago and still in widespread use today both in Australia and around the world. It is sometimes described as a natural wooden trumpet or \"drone pipe\". Musicologists classify it as a brass aerophone.\nThere are no reliable sources stating the didgeridoo's exact age. Archaeological studies of rock art in Northern Australia suggest that the people of the Kakadu region of the Northern Territory have been using the didgeridoo for less than 1,000 years, based on the dating of paintings on cave walls and shelters from this period. A clear rock painting in Ginga Wardelirrhmeng, on the northern edge of the Arnhem Land plateau, from the freshwater period shows a didgeridoo player and two songmen participating in an Ubarr Ceremony.\nA modern didgeridoo is usually cylindrical or conical, and can measure anywhere from 1 to 3 m long. Most are around 1.2 m long. Generally, the longer the instrument, the lower the pitch or key of the instrument. However, flared instruments play a higher pitch than unflared instruments of the same length.
/m/04wf_b	Dennis Dexter Haysbert is an American film and television actor. He is known for portraying baseball player Pedro Cerrano in the Major League film trilogy, President David Palmer on the American television series 24, and Sergeant Major Jonas Blane on the drama series The Unit, as well as his work in commercials for Allstate Insurance.
/m/0sb1r	Lake Forest is a city located in Lake County, Illinois, United States. As of the 2010 census it had a population of 19,375. The city is south of Waukegan along the shore of Lake Michigan, and is a part of the Chicago metropolitan area and the North Shore. Lake Forest was founded around Lake Forest College and was laid out as a town in 1857 as a stop for travelers making their way south to Chicago. The Lake Forest City Hall, designed by Charles Sumner Frost, was completed in 1898 and originally housed the fire department, the Lake Forest Library, and city offices.
/m/02t_v1	Chazz Palminteri is an American Italian actor and writer, best known for his performances in The Usual Suspects, A Bronx Tale, and his Academy Award nominated role for Best Supporting Actor in Bullets Over Broadway.
/m/0dyg2	Vancouver Island, located in British Columbia, Canada, is the largest Pacific island east of New Zealand. Originally called Quadra and Vancouver Island after Spanish navigator Juan de la Bodega y Quadra and British navy officer George Vancouver, the island was first explored by British and Spanish expeditions in the late 18th century. The former's name was eventually dropped and it has since been known solely as Vancouver Island. It is one of several North American locations named after this British Royal Navy officer who explored the Pacific Northwest coast of North America between 1791 and 1794. While the city of Vancouver is located on the North American mainland, Victoria, the capital of British Columbia, is located on the island. Along with the minor islands near its southern portion, it is the only part of British Columbia that is south of the 49th Parallel.\nThe island is 460 kilometres in length, 80 kilometres in width at its widest point, and 32,134 km² in area. It is the largest island on the western side of North America, the world's 43rd largest island, Canada's 11th largest island, and Canada's second most populous island after the Island of Montreal. The Canada 2011 Census population is 759,366. Nearly half of these live in Greater Victoria. Other notable cities and towns on Vancouver Island include Nanaimo, Port Alberni, Parksville, Courtenay, and Campbell River.
/m/0kfpm	The Mary Tyler Moore Show is an American television sitcom created by James L. Brooks and Allan Burns that aired on CBS from 1970 to 1977. The program was a television breakthrough, with the first never-married, independent career woman as the central character: \"As Mary Richards, a single woman in her thirties, Moore presented a character different from other single TV women of the time. She was not widowed or divorced or seeking a man to support her.\"\nIt has also been cited as \"one of the most acclaimed television programs ever produced\" in US television history. It received high praise from critics, including Emmy Awards for Outstanding Comedy Series three years in a row, and continued to be honored long after the final episode aired.
/m/0jtf1	County Waterford is a county in Ireland. It is part of the South-East Region and is also located in the province of Munster. It is named after the city of Waterford which is derived from the Old Norse name Veðrafjǫrðr or Vedrarfjord. There is an Irish-speaking area in the south of the county. Waterford County Council is the local authority for the county. The population of the county at large, including the city, is 113,795 according to the 2011 census.
/m/01cl2y	Reprise Records is an American record label, founded in 1960 by Frank Sinatra. It was mostly inactive from 1976 to 1987. It is owned by Warner Music Group, and operated through Warner Bros. Records.
/m/0194xc	Edward Moore \"Ted\" Kennedy was the senior United States Senator from Massachusetts and a member of the Democratic Party. He was the second most senior member of the Senate when he died and was the fourth-longest-serving senator in United States history, having served there for almost 47 years. As the most prominent living member of the Kennedy family for many years, he was also the last surviving son of Joseph P. Kennedy, Sr.; the youngest brother of President John F. Kennedy and Senator Robert F. Kennedy, both victims of assassination; and the father of Congressman Patrick J. Kennedy.\nKennedy entered the Senate in a November 1962 special election to fill the seat once held by his brother John. He was elected to a full six-year term in 1964 and was reelected seven more times before his death. The Chappaquiddick incident on July 18, 1969, resulted in the death of his automobile passenger, Mary Jo Kopechne. Kennedy pleaded guilty to a charge of leaving the scene of an accident; the incident and its aftermath significantly damaged his chances of ever becoming President of the United States. His one attempt, in the 1980 presidential election, resulted in a Democratic primary campaign loss to incumbent President Jimmy Carter.
/m/01f8hf	Aliens is a 1986 American science fiction action film co-written and directed by James Cameron and starring Sigourney Weaver, Carrie Henn, Michael Biehn, Lance Henriksen, William Hope, and Bill Paxton. It is the sequel to the 1979 film Alien and the second installment of the Alien franchise. The film follows Weaver's character Ellen Ripley as she returns to the planet where her crew encountered the hostile Alien creature, this time accompanied by a unit of Colonial Marines.\nAliens' action-adventure tone was in contrast to the horror motifs of the original Alien. Following the success of The Terminator, which helped establish Cameron as a major action director, 20th Century Fox greenlit Aliens with a budget of approximately $18 million. It was filmed in England at Pinewood Studios and at a decommissioned power plant in Acton, London.\nAliens grossed $86 million at the US box office during its 1986 theatrical release and $131 million worldwide. The movie was nominated for seven Academy Awards, including a Best Actress nomination for Sigourney Weaver. It won in the categories of Sound Effects Editing and Visual Effects. It won eight Saturn Awards, including Best Science Fiction Film, Best Actress for Weaver and Best Direction and Best Writing for Cameron.
/m/043ttv	Sequoia Capital is an American venture capital firm located in Menlo Park, California, United States.
/m/06rq1k	Happy Madison Productions is an American film/television production company founded in 1999 by Adam Sandler, an actor best known for his comedy films. Happy Madison takes its name from the films Happy Gilmore and Billy Madison, two box office successes starring Sandler himself, both produced by Robert Simonds. The elderly man depicted in the logo is Sandler's late father, Stanley Sandler.\nIn addition to various Sandler-produced films, the company has also released movies produced by others, such as Steven Brill, Dennis Dugan, Frank Coraci, Fred Wolf, Aaron Rodgers, Peter Segal, and Nicholaus Goossen.\nThe 1998 movies The Waterboy and The Wedding Singer helped jump start Adam Sandler's movie career and production company. Sandler produced The Waterboy and co-wrote the script with Tim Herlihy. The movie was extremely profitable, earning over $160 million in the United States alone and made Sandler a successful actor with The Waterboy becoming his second $100 million film in a year, along with The Wedding Singer.
/m/01dzz7	Michael Swanwick is an American science fiction author. Based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, he began publishing in the early 1980s.
/m/024mxd	Superman IV: The Quest for Peace is a 1987 superhero film directed by Sidney J. Furie. It is the fourth film in the original Superman film series and the last installment to star Christopher Reeve as Superman.\nThis is the first film in this series not to be produced by Alexander and Ilya Salkind, but instead by Golan-Globus's Cannon Films, in association with Warner Bros. Gene Hackman returns as Lex Luthor, who creates an evil solar-powered Superman clone called Nuclear Man. Superman IV was neither a critical nor a box office success where critics have put it in the category of worst films ever made.\nThe series went on hiatus until 2006, when Superman Returns, the final installment of this series, was released, though it ignores the events of this film and its predecessor in the series.
/m/023w9s	Preston Sturges was an American playwright, screenwriter, and film director. In 1941, he won the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay for the film The Great McGinty, his first of three nominations in the category.\nSturges took the screwball comedy format of the 1930s to another level, writing dialogue that, heard today, is often surprisingly naturalistic, mature, and ahead of its time, despite the farcical situations. It is not uncommon for a Sturges character to deliver an exquisitely turned phrase and take an elaborate pratfall within the same scene. A tender love scene between Henry Fonda and Barbara Stanwyck in The Lady Eve was enlivened by a horse, which repeatedly poked its nose into Fonda's head.\nIn recent years, film scholars such as Alessandro Pirolini have also argued that Sturges' cinema anticipated more experimental narratives by contemporary directors such as Joel and Ethan Coen, Robert Zemeckis, and Woody Allen, along with prolific The Simpsons writer John Swartzwelder: \"Many of [Sturges'] movies and screenplays reveal a restless and impatient attempt to escape codified rules and narrative schemata, and to push the mechanisms and conventions of their genre to the extent of unveiling them to the spectator. See for example the disruption of standardized timelines in films such as The Power and the Glory and The Great McGinty or the way an apparently classical comedy such as Unfaithfully Yours shifts into the realm of multiple and hypothetical narratives.
/m/071wvh	Brahmanandam Kanneganti, is an Indian actor and comedian. Hailing from Sattenapalli in Andhra Pradesh, he mostly acts in Telugu films. Prior to films, he was a Telugu lecturer in Attili, a town in West Godavari district of Andhra Pradesh. He currently holds the Guinness World Record for the most screen credits for a living actor. He has appeared in over 1000 films. He was honoured with the Padma Sri, India's fourth highest civilian honour for his contribution to Indian cinema in 2009. Brahmanandam is considered one of the most versatile Indian comic actors, noted particularly for his comic expressions. Brahmanandam forayed onto the small screen with the quiz show Brahmi 1 million Show on iNews.
/m/03fhm5	Bohemian F.C., more commonly referred to as Bohemians, is a professional football club from Dublin, Ireland. Bohemians compete in the Premier Division of the League of Ireland, and are the oldest Irish league club in continuous existence. Bohs are the third most successful club in League of Ireland football history, having won the League of Ireland title 11 times, the FAI Cup 7 times, the League of Ireland Shield 6 times and the League of Ireland Cup 3 times. Prior to the establishment of the Football Association of Ireland and League of Ireland, Bohemians competed in the Irish Football League and Irish Cup, which were at the time all-Ireland competitions. During that period they won the Irish Cup once and finished runners up 5 times. They share the record for most wins in European competition with arch rivals Shamrock Rovers and hold the record for Leinster Senior Cup wins with 31 cups claimed.\nBohemians were founded on 6 September 1890 in the Phoenix Park Gate Lodge beside the North Circular Road entrance and played its first games in the Park's Polo Grounds. One of the founding members of the League of Ireland in 1921, after their withdrawal from the Irish Football League. They established themselves as a major force within the first 15 years of the League of Ireland, winning 5 league titles, 2 FAI Cups and 4 Shields, but struggled for decades after that, largely due to their strict amateur status, going 34 seasons without winning a major trophy. Bohemians dropped their amateur ethos in 1969 and proceeded to win 2 League titles, 2 FAI Cups and 2 League cups during the 1970s. They suffered a further decline throughout the 1980s and most of the 1990s before claiming League and Cup doubles in 2001 and 2008, alongside the 2003 and most recently 2009 title wins.
/m/02py8_w	The Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball team is an NCAA Division I college basketball team competing in the Big Ten Conference. Home games are played at the State Farm Center, located on the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign's campus in Champaign.\nThe team's head coach is currently John Groce.
/m/0jbn5	Xinjiang, officially Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region, is an autonomous region of the People's Republic of China in the northwest of the country. It is the largest Chinese administrative division and spans over 1.6 million km². Xinjiang borders Russia, Mongolia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Afghanistan, Pakistan and India. It has abundant oil reserves and is China's largest natural gas-producing region.\nIt is home to a number of ethnic groups including the Uyghur, Han, Kazakh, Tajiks, Hui, Kyrgyz, and Mongol, with a majority of the population adhering to Islam. More than a dozen autonomous prefectures and counties for minorities are in Xinjiang. Older English-language reference works often refer to the area as Chinese Turkestan. Xinjiang is divided into the Dzungarian Basin in the north and the Tarim Basin in the south by a mountain range. Only about 4.3% of Xinjiang's land area is fit for human habitation.\nWith a documented history of at least 2,500 years, a succession of peoples and empires has vied for control over all or parts of this territory. Before the 21st century, all or part of the region has been ruled or controlled by the Tocharians, Yuezhi, Xiongnu Empire, Xianbei state, Kushan Empire, Rouran Khaganate, Han Empire, Former Liang, Former Qin, Later Liang, Western Liáng, Rouran Khaganate, Tang Dynasty, Tibetan Empire, Uyghur Khaganate, Kara-Khitan Khanate, Mongol Empire, Yuan Dynasty, Chagatai Khanate, Moghulistan, Northern Yuan, Yarkent Khanate, Dzungar Khanate, Qing Dynasty, the Republic of China and, since 1950, the People's Republic of China.
/m/09vzz	The University of Glasgow is the fourth-oldest university in the English-speaking world and one of Scotland's four ancient universities. The university was founded in 1451 and is often ranked in the world's top 100 universities in tables compiled by various bodies. In 2013, Glasgow moved to its highest ever position, placing 51st in the world and 9th in the UK in the QS World University Rankings.\nIn common with universities of the pre-modern era, Glasgow educated students primarily from wealthy backgrounds, but was also, with the University of Edinburgh, a leading centre of the Scottish Enlightenment during the 18th century. The University became a pioneer in British higher education in the 19th century by also providing for the needs of students from the growing urban and commercial middle classes. Glasgow served all of these students by preparing them for professions: the law, medicine, civil service, teaching, and the church. It also trained smaller but growing numbers for careers in science and engineering. In 2007, the Sunday Times ranked it as \"Scottish University of the Year.\" The university is a member of the Russell Group which represents the highest-ranked public research-based universities in the UK. It is also a member of Universitas 21, the international network of research universities.
/m/01rp13	Malcolm in the Middle is an American television sitcom created by Linwood Boomer for the Fox Broadcasting Company. The series was first broadcast on January 9, 2000; it ended its six-year run on May 14, 2006 after seven seasons and 151 episodes. The series received critical acclaim and won a Peabody Award, seven Emmy Awards, one Grammy Award, and was nominated for seven Golden Globes.\nThe series follows a family of six, and stars Frankie Muniz in the lead role of Malcolm, a more-or-less normal boy who tests at genius level. He enjoys being smart, but he despises having to take classes for gifted children, who are mocked by the other students who call them \"Krelboynes\", a reference to the nerdy Seymour Krelboyne from The Little Shop of Horrors. Jane Kaczmarek is Malcolm's overbearing, authoritarian mother, Lois, and Bryan Cranston plays his disengaged but loving father Hal. Christopher Masterson plays eldest brother Francis, a former rebel who, in earlier episodes, was in military school, but eventually marries and settles into a steady job. Justin Berfield is Malcolm's dimwitted older brother Reese, a schoolyard bully who tortures Malcolm at home even while he defends him at school. Younger brother Dewey, genius musician, is portrayed by Erik Per Sullivan. For the first several seasons, the show's focus was on Malcolm. As the series progressed, however, it began to explore all six members of the family rather equally. A fifth son—Jamie—was introduced as a baby towards the middle of the series.
/m/01l_vgt	Amanda Lear is a French singer, lyricist, painter, television presenter, actress and former model.\nLear grew up in the South of France and in Switzerland, and studied art in Paris and at Saint Martin's School of Art in London. She began her professional career as a fashion model in the mid-1960s and went on to model for Paco Rabanne and Ossie Clark among others. Around that time she met the Spanish surrealist painter Salvador Dalí and would remain his closest friend and muse for the next 15 years. Lear first came into the public eye as the cover model for Roxy Music's album For Your Pleasure in 1973. From the mid-1970s to the early 1980s, she was a million-album-selling disco queen, mainly in Continental Europe and Scandinavia, signed to Ariola Records. Lear's first four albums earned her mainstream popularity, charting in the Top 10 on European charts, including the best-selling Sweet Revenge. Her biggest hits included \"Blood and Honey\", \"Tomorrow\", \"Queen of Chinatown\", \"Follow Me\", \"Enigma\" and \"Fashion Pack\".\nIn the mid-1980s Lear positioned herself as one of the leading media personalities in mainland Europe, especially in Italy and in France where she hosted many popular TV shows. She had also developed a successful painting career, regularly exhibiting her works in galleries across Europe for the next three decades, and continued to make music, earning minor hits such as \"Incredibilmente donna\" and \"Love Your Body\". Amanda's 1980s musical output saw her experimenting with different genres and trying to revive her career by re-recording earlier hits to various levels of success. 1980s also saw her release two books: an autobiography My Life with Dalí and a novel L'Immortelle.
/m/025xt8y	Trey Anastasio is an American guitarist, composer, and vocalist noted for his work with the rock band Phish, and his orchestral \"Evenings with Trey Anastasio\" performed with the New York Philharmonic, the Los Angeles Philharmonic, the Atlanta Symphony Orchestra, the Baltimore Symphony, the Pittsburgh Symphony, and the Colorado Symphony.\nAnastasio was a 2013 best score Tony award nominee for the Broadway musical Hands on a Hardbody.\nIn addition to his orchestral compositions, he is credited by name as composer of 152 Phish original songs, 140 of them as a solo credit, in addition to 41 credits attributed to the band as a whole.
/m/047vnkj	2012 is a 2009 American science fiction disaster film directed and co-written by Roland Emmerich. It stars John Cusack, Chiwetel Ejiofor, Amanda Peet, Oliver Platt, Thandie Newton, Danny Glover, and Woody Harrelson. It was produced by Emmerich's production company, Centropolis Entertainment, and was distributed by Columbia Pictures. Filming began in August 2008 in Vancouver, although it was originally planned to be filmed in Los Angeles.\nThe plot follows Jackson Curtis as he attempts to bring his children, Noah and Lilly, ex-wife Kate Curtis, and her boyfriend, Gordon Silberman to refuge, amidst the events of a geological and meteorological super-disaster. The film includes references to Mayanism, the Mesoamerican Long Count calendar, and the 2012 phenomenon in its portrayal of cataclysmic events unfolding in the year 2012. Emmerich has announced that the film will be his last involving disasters.\nAfter a prolonged marketing campaign comprising the creation of a website from the point of view of the main character, Jackson Curtis, and a viral marketing website on which filmgoers could register for a lottery number to save them from the ensuing disaster, the film was internationally released on November 13, 2009. Critics gave 2012 mixed reviews, praising its special effects and tone but criticizing its length and screenwriting. Despite this, the film, budgeted at $200 million, has a worldwide theatrical revenue that reached approximately $770 million.
/m/02vw1w2	Bleach: The DiamondDust Rebellion is the second animated film adaptation of the anime and manga series Bleach. The film is directed by Noriyuki Abe and co-written by Michiko Yokote and Masahiro Ōkubo, and the theatrical release was on December 22, 2007. The theme music for the movie is \"Rock of Light\" by Sambomaster. The DVD of the movie was released on September 6, 2008.\nTo promote the film, the opening and closing credits of the Bleach anime from episode 151-154 use footage from the film. Tite Kubo also published a special manga chapter focusing on Hitsugaya's past to further promote the film. The English release of the DVD was on September 8, 2009, and it was aired on Adult Swim on December 5, 2009. The official European release of the film was on September 6, 2010. Will be Re-released in the UK on Blu-ray on May 7, 2012.
/m/02dr9j	King Kong is a 2005 epic adventure film and remake of the 1933 film of the same name. Directed, co-written and produced by Peter Jackson, the film stars Naomi Watts as Ann Darrow, Jack Black as Carl Denham, Adrien Brody as Jack Driscoll and, through motion capture, Andy Serkis as the title character. Set in 1932-1933 New York City and the nightmarish Skull Island, the film tells the story of an overly ambitious filmmaker who coerces his cast and hired ship crew to travel to mysterious Skull Island, where they encounter King Kong, a legendary giant gorilla. Captured, he is displayed in New York City, with tragic results.\nThe film's budget climbed from an initial US$150 million to a record-breaking $207 million. The film was released on December 14, 2005, and made an opening of $50.1 million. While the film performed lower than expectations, King Kong made domestic and worldwide grosses that eventually added up to $550 million, becoming the fourth-highest grossing film in Universal Pictures history. It also generated $100 million in DVD sales upon its home video release. The film garnered generally positive reviews from film critics and appeared on several \"top ten\" lists for 2005, though some reviewers criticized it for its 3 hour, 7 minute running time. It won Academy Awards for Best Sound Editing, Best Sound Mixing, and Best Visual Effects.
/m/02t_vx	David Paymer is an American actor and television director, seen in such films as Quiz Show, Searching for Bobby Fischer, City Slickers, Crazy People, State and Main, Payback, Get Shorty, Carpool, The American President, Ocean's Thirteen, and Drag Me to Hell. Paymer was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor in 1992 for Mr. Saturday Night. He played the lead role as the Boss in Bartleby, an adaptation of Herman Melville's \"Bartleby, the Scrivener.\" He played a mob boss in the short-lived series Line of Fire.
/m/06nm1	Spanish, also called Castilian, is a Romance language that originated in Castile, a region of Spain. Approximately 406 million people speak Spanish as a native language, making it second only to Mandarin in terms of its number of native speakers worldwide. It also has 60 million speakers as a second language, and 20 million students as a foreign language. Spanish is one of the six official languages of the United Nations, and is used as an official language by the European Union and Mercosur.\nSpanish is a part of the Ibero-Romance group of languages, which evolved from several dialects of common Latin in Iberia after the collapse of the Western Roman Empire in the fifth century. It was first documented in central-northern Iberia in the ninth century and gradually spread with the expansion of the Kingdom of Castile into central and southern Iberia. From its beginnings, Spanish vocabulary was influenced by its contact with Basque and by other related Ibero-Romance languages and later absorbed many Arabic words during the Muslim presence in the Iberian Peninsula. It also adopted many words from non-Iberian languages, particularly the Romance languages Occitan, French, Italian and Sardinian and increasingly from English in modern times, as well as adding its own new words. Spanish was taken to the colonies of the Spanish Empire in the sixteenth century, most notably to the Americas as well as territories in Africa, Oceania and the Philippines.
/m/02p_7cr	The Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series is an award presented annually by the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences and Academy of Television Arts & Sciences. It was first awarded at the 6th Daytime Emmy Awards in 1979 and it is given to honor an actor who has delivered an outstanding performance in a supporting role while working within the daytime drama industry. The awards ceremony was not televised in 1983 and 1984, having been criticized for voting integrity. Following the introduction of a new category in 1985, Outstanding Younger Actor in a Drama Series, the criteria for this category was altered, requiring all actors to be aged 26 or above.\nScott Clifton, for his portrayal of Liam Spencer, on The Bold and The Beautiful and Billy Miller, for his portrayal of Billy Abbott on The Young and The Restless tied as the 2013 recipients of the award. General Hospital is the show with the most awarded actors, with a total of nine wins. The award was first presented to Peter Hansen for his portrayal of Lee Baldwin on General Hospital. Since 1994, Justin Deas holds the most wins with a total of four awards for his work on As the World Turns, Santa Barbara and Guiding Light. In 1999, Jerry Ver Dorn had reached seven nominations, surpassing Justin Deas' previous record. However Deas' reached seven nominations in 2005. In 2009, Jeff Branson and Vincent Irizarry tied for the award, which was the first tie in this category.
/m/01tz6vs	Count Lev Nikolayevich Tolstoy, also known as Leo Tolstoy, was a Russian writer who primarily wrote novels and short stories. Tolstoy was a master of realistic fiction and is widely considered one of the world's greatest novelists. He is best known for two long novels, War and Peace and Anna Karenina. Tolstoy first achieved literary acclaim in his 20s with his semi-autobiographical trilogy of novels, Childhood, Boyhood, and Youth and Sevastopol Sketches, based on his experiences in the Crimean War. His fiction output also includes two additional novels, dozens of short stories, and several famous novellas, including The Death of Ivan Ilych, Family Happiness, and Hadji Murad. Later in life, he also wrote plays and essays. Tolstoy is equally known for his complicated and paradoxical persona and for his extreme moralistic and ascetic views, which he adopted after a moral crisis and spiritual awakening in the 1870s, after which he also became noted as a moral thinker and social reformer.\nHis literal interpretation of the ethical teachings of Jesus, centering on the Sermon on the Mount, caused him in later life to become a fervent Christian anarchist and anarcho-pacifist. His ideas on nonviolent resistance, expressed in such works as The Kingdom of God Is Within You, were to have a profound impact on such pivotal twentieth-century figures as Mohandas Gandhi and Martin Luther King, Jr.
/m/01mgsn	Kingston is a city in and the county seat of Ulster County, New York, USA. It is 91 miles north of New York City and 59 miles south of Albany. It became New York's first capital in 1777, and was burned by the British on October 16, 1777, after the Battles of Saratoga. In the 19th century, the city became an important transport hub after the discovery of natural cement in the region, and had both railroad and canal connections. Passenger rail service has since ceased, and many of the older buildings are part of three historic districts, such as the Stockade District uptown, the Midtown Neighborhood Broadway Corridor, and the Rondout-West Strand Historic District downtown.
/m/0r0ss	Pomona is the seventh largest city in Los Angeles County, California. Pomona is located in between the Inland Empire and the San Gabriel Valley. As of the 2010 United States Census, the city's population was 149,058.
/m/0341n5	Thomas Haden Church is an American actor. After co-starring in the 1990s sitcom Wings, Church became known for his film roles, including his Academy Award–nominated performance in Sideways and his role as the Sandman in Spider-Man 3. He also made his directorial debut in Rolling Kansas.
/m/05swd	A propaganda film is a film that involves some form of propaganda. Propaganda films may be packaged in numerous ways, but are most often documentary-style productions or fictional screenplays, that are produced to convince the viewer on a specific political point or influence the opinions or behavior of the viewer, often by providing subjective content that may be deliberately misleading.\nPropaganda can be defined as the ability \"to produce and spread fertile messages that, once sown, will germinate in large human cultures.” However, in the 20th century, a “new” propaganda emerged, which revolved around political organizations and their need to communicate messages that would “sway relevant groups of people in order to accommodate their agendas”. First developed by the Lumiere brothers in 1896, film provided a unique means of accessing large audiences at once. Film was the first universal mass medium in that it could simultaneously influence viewers as individuals and members of a crowd, which led to it quickly becoming a tool for governments and non-state organizations to project a desired ideological message. As Nancy Snow stated in her book, Information War: American Propaganda, Free Speech and Opinion Control Since 9-11, propaganda \"begins where critical thinking ends.\"
/m/0jvq	Asteroids are minor planets, especially those of the inner Solar System. The larger ones have also been called planetoids. These terms have historically been applied to any astronomical object orbiting the Sun that did not show the disk of a planet and was not observed to have the characteristics of an active comet, but as minor planets in the outer Solar System were discovered, their volatile-based surfaces were found to resemble comets more closely and so were often distinguished from traditional asteroids. Thus the term asteroid has come increasingly to refer specifically to the small bodies of the inner Solar System out to the orbit of Jupiter. They are grouped with the outer bodies—centaurs, Neptune trojans, and trans-Neptunian objects—as minor planets, which is the term preferred in astronomical circles. In this article the term \"asteroid\" refers to the minor planets of the inner Solar System.\nThere are millions of asteroids, many thought to be the shattered remnants of planetesimals, bodies within the young Sun's solar nebula that never grew large enough to become planets. The large majority of known asteroids orbit in the asteroid belt between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter, or are co-orbital with Jupiter. However, other orbital families exist with significant populations, including the near-Earth asteroids. Individual asteroids are classified by their characteristic spectra, with the majority falling into three main groups: C-type, S-type, and M-type. These were named after and are generally identified with carbon-rich, stony, and metallic compositions, respectively.
/m/08xz51	David Hudson DePatie is an American businessman. He was the last executive in charge of the original Warner Bros. Cartoons cartoon studio. He also formed DePatie-Freleng Enterprises and was an executive producer at Marvel Productions.
/m/0cks1m	Sailor Moon Super S: The Movie is the third film in the Sailor Moon media franchise. This simplified name is the one given to the English-dubbed edition released by Geneon Entertainment, while its full name in Japanese is in the style of the series' episode titles: Pretty Soldier Sailor Moon Super S: The Nine Sailor Soldiers Unite! Miracle of the Black Dream Hole. The English dub is called Sailor Moon Super S: the Movie-Black Dream Hole.\nThe film debuted in Japanese theaters on December 23, 1995. Its story seems to occur either in the middle of or at the very end of the Super S series. However, it can also be construed as appearing outside of the series continuity - Sailor Pluto is not present at all during Super S, and upon her first appearance in Sailor Stars, Sailors Uranus and Neptune express their surprise at her still being alive after the events of episode 124. Pioneer Entertainment released it in the United States on August 15, 2000.
/m/02ny8t	Teen pop is a subgenre of pop music that is created, marketed and oriented towards preteens and teenagers. Teen pop copies genres and styles such as pop, dance, R&B, hip hop, country and rock. Typical characteristics of teen pop music include auto-tuned vocals, choreographed dancing, emphasis on visual appeal, lyrics focused on teenage issues such as love/relationships, finding yourself, friendships, coming of age, fitting in, and growing up, regardless of the artists' age and repeated chorus lines along with a generally happy tune in the background.
/m/0k1jg	Roanoke is an independent city in the southern U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 97,032. It is located in the Roanoke Valley of the Roanoke Region of Virginia.\nRoanoke is the largest municipality in Southwest Virginia, and is the principal municipality of the Roanoke Metropolitan Statistical Area, which had a 2010 population of 308,707. It is composed of the independent cities of Roanoke and Salem, and the counties of Botetourt, Craig, Franklin and Roanoke. Bisected by the Roanoke River, Roanoke is the commercial and cultural hub of much of the surrounding area of Virginia and Southwest Virginia.
/m/02v8kmz	A veteran Senate Democrat, Bulworth is losing his bid for re-election to a fiery young opponent. Bulworth's liberal views, formed in the 60s and 70s, have lost favor with voters, and so he has conceded to moderate politics and to accepting donations from special interests. In addition, though he and his wife (Christine Baranski)\nhave been having affairs openly for years, they must still present a\nhappy facade in the interest of maintaining a good public image.\nIn another self-serving campaign effort, Bulworth purchases a $10 million life insurance\npolicy in exchange for a favorable vote for his insurance company.\nTired with the state of affairs and politics in general, he then orders\na hit on himself to be executed\nwithin two days' time. Here, Bulworth takes a major turn, politically\nand personally. Knowing his time left on earth is short, he begins\nspeaking his mind freely at public events and in the presence of the C-SPAN\nfilm crew following his campaign. His frank, potentially offensive\nremarks make him an instant media darling and re-energize his campaign.\nAfter becoming involved with an African American radical Nina (Halle Berry), Bulworth tries to set his sordid political track-record straight while he is pursued by the paparazzi,\nhis insurance company, his campaign managers, Nina's protective\ndrug-dealing brother, and an increasingly adoring public, all before\nhis impending assassination. - From Wikipedia: removed header material
/m/03bmmc	Pratt Institute is a private, nonsectarian, non-profit institution of higher learning located in the Clinton Hill neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York, United States, with a satellite campus located at 14th Street in Manhattan. It originated in 1887 with programs primarily in engineering, architecture, and fine arts. Comprising five schools, the Institute offers both undergraduate and Master's degree programs in a variety of fields with a strong focus on research. Today, the Institute is primarily known for its highly ranked programs in architecture, interior design, and industrial design.\nU.S. News and World Report lists Pratt as one of the top 20 colleges in the Regional Universities North category. Princeton Review recognizes Pratt as being one of the best colleges in the northeast, making it among the top 25% of all four-year colleges and universities in the United States.
/m/0147dk	Willard Carroll \"Will\" Smith, Jr. is an American comedic and dramatic actor, producer, and rapper. He has enjoyed success in television, film and music. In April 2007, Newsweek called him the most powerful actor in Hollywood. Smith has been nominated for four Golden Globe Awards, two Academy Awards, and has won four Grammy Awards.\nIn the late 1980s, Smith achieved modest fame as a rapper under the name The Fresh Prince. In 1990, his popularity increased dramatically when he starred in the popular television series The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air. The show ran for nearly six years on NBC and has been syndicated consistently on various networks since then. In the mid-1990s, Smith moved from television to film, and ultimately starred in numerous blockbuster films. He is the only actor to have eight consecutive films gross over $100 million in the domestic box office, and eleven consecutive films gross over $150 million internationally and the only one to have eight consecutive films in which he starred open at #1 spot in the domestic box office tally.\nWill Smith is ranked as the most bankable star worldwide by Forbes despite the box-office and critical disappointment of his 2013 film, After Earth, co-starring Jaden Smith. Sixteen of the twenty fiction films he has acted in have accumulated worldwide gross earnings of over $100 million, and five took in over $500 million in global box office receipts. As of 2013, his films have grossed $6.63 billion in global box office. He received Best Actor Oscar nominations for Ali and The Pursuit of Happyness.
/m/01j_jh	Bristol Rovers Football Club is an English professional association football club, based in Bristol, that competes in Football League Two, the fourth tier in the English football league system. The team plays its home matches at Memorial Stadium, in Horfield, a suburb of Bristol.\nThe club was founded in 1883 as Black Arabs F.C., and were also known as Eastville Rovers and Bristol Eastville Rovers before finally changing its name to Bristol Rovers in 1899. They were admitted to the Football League in 1920 and have never dropped out of it since. The closest they came to losing their league status was in 1939, when they were re-elected after finishing bottom of Division Three, although they came perilously close again in 2002 when the team finished just one league position away from relegation to the Football Conference. Their highest finishing position was in 1956 on both occasions they ended the season in 6th place in Division Two, then the second tier of English football.\nThe club's official nickname is The Pirates, reflecting the maritime history of Bristol. The local nickname of the club is The Gas, from the gasworks next to their former home Eastville Stadium, which started as a derogatory term used by Bristol City fans but was affectionately adopted by the team. Their main rivals are Bristol City, and according to a survey conducted in December 2003, Cardiff City and Swindon Town are considered the second and third biggest rivals. Rovers contest the Bristol derby, the Severnside derby and the Gloucestershire derby.
/m/0bbm7r	Elizabeth I is a two-part 2005 British historical drama television miniseries directed by Tom Hooper, written by Nigel Williams, and starring Helen Mirren as Elizabeth I of England. The miniseries covers approximately the last 24 years of her nearly 45-year reign. Part 1 focuses on the final years of her relationship with the Earl of Leicester, played by Jeremy Irons. Part 2 focuses on her subsequent relationship with the Earl of Essex, played by Hugh Dancy.\nThe series originally was broadcast in the United Kingdom in two two-hour segments on Channel 4. It later aired on HBO in the United States, CBC and TMN in Canada, ATV in Hong Kong, ABC in Australia, and TVNZ Television One in New Zealand.\nThe series went on to win Emmy, Peabody, and Golden Globe Awards.
/m/011ypx	Good Will Hunting is a 1997 American drama film directed by Gus Van Sant and starring Matt Damon, Robin Williams, Ben Affleck, Minnie Driver, and Stellan Skarsgård. Written by Affleck and Damon, and with Damon in the title role, the film follows 20-year-old South Boston laborer Will Hunting, an unrecognized genius who, as part of a deferred prosecution agreement after assaulting a police officer, becomes a patient of a therapist and studies advanced mathematics with a renowned professor. Through his therapy sessions, Will re-evaluates his relationships with his best friend, his girlfriend, and himself, facing the significant task of thinking about his future.\nGood Will Hunting received universal critical acclaim and was a financial success. It grossed over US$225 million during its theatrical run with only a modest $10 million budget. It was nominated for nine Academy Awards, including the Academy Award for Best Picture, and won two: Best Supporting Actor for Williams and Best Original Screenplay for Affleck and Damon.\nThe film is dedicated to the memory of poet Allen Ginsberg and writer William S. Burroughs, both of whom died in 1997.
/m/025vn5m	Guitar Hero III: Legends of Rock is a music rhythm game, the third main installment in the Guitar Hero series, and the fourth title overall. The game was published by Activision and distributed by RedOctane. It is the first game in the series to be developed by Neversoft after Activision's acquisition of RedOctane and MTV Games' purchase of Harmonix, the previous development studio for the series. The game was released worldwide for the PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, Wii and Xbox 360 in October 2007, with Budcat Creations assisting Neversoft on developing the PlayStation 2 port and Vicarious Visions solely developing on the Wii port respectively. Aspyr Media published the Microsoft Windows and Mac OS X versions of the game, releasing them later in 2007.\nGuitar Hero III: Legends of Rock retains the basic gameplay from previous games in the Guitar Hero series, where the player uses a guitar-shaped controller to simulate the playing of lead, bass, and rhythm guitar parts in rock songs by playing in time to scrolling notes on-screen. The game, in addition to existing single-player Career modes, includes a new Co-Op Career mode and competitive challenges that pit the player against in-game characters and other players. Guitar Hero III: Legends of Rock is the first game in the series to include an online multiplayer feature, which is enabled in the PlayStation 3, Wii and Xbox 360 versions. Initially the game offers over 70 songs, most of which are master tracks. The PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 versions feature the ability to download additional songs. The musicians Tom Morello and Slash make appearances both as guitar battle opponents and playable characters in the game. The PlayStation 3, Xbox 360 and Microsoft Windows versions also include Bret Michaels as a non-playable character.
/m/012wxt	A video jockey is an announcer who introduces and plays videos on commercial music television such as VH1, Fuse TV, and Stereotypes.fm non-commercial TVU, Canada's MuchMusic, and Asia's Channel V. Other alternative names for a VJ include \"VDJ\" and \"MVJ\".
/m/05cw8	November is the eleventh month of the year in the Julian and Gregorian Calendars and one of four months with the length of 30 days. November was the ninth month of the ancient Roman calendar. November retained its name when January and February were added to the Roman calendar. November is a month of spring in the Southern Hemisphere and autumn in the Northern Hemisphere. Therefore, November in the Southern Hemisphere is the seasonal equivalent of May in the Northern Hemisphere and vice versa.\nNovember starts on the same day of the week as February in common years and March every year. November ends on the same day of the week as August every year. November starts on the same day of the week as June of the previous year in common years and September and December of the previous year in leap years. November ends on the same day of the week as March and June of the previous year in common years and September of the previous year in leap years.
/m/04__f	Marlon Brando, Jr. was an American screen and stage actor. He was hailed for bringing a gripping realism to film acting, and is widely considered to be one of the greatest movie actors of all time. A cultural icon, Brando is most famous for his Oscar-winning performances as Terry Malloy in On the Waterfront and Vito Corleone in The Godfather, as well as influential performances in A Streetcar Named Desire, Viva Zapata!, Julius Caesar, The Wild One, Reflections in a Golden Eye, Last Tango in Paris and Apocalypse Now. Brando was also an activist, supporting many causes, notably the African-American Civil Rights Movement and various American Indian Movements.\nHe initially gained popularity for recreating the role of Stanley Kowalski in the film, A Streetcar Named Desire, adapted from the Tennessee Williams play in which he became recognized as a Broadway star during its 1947–49 stage run; and for his Academy Award-winning performance as Terry Malloy in On the Waterfront, as well as for his iconic portrayal of the rebel motorcycle gang leader Johnny Strabler in The Wild One, which is considered to be one of the most famous images in pop culture. Brando was nominated for the Oscar for playing Emiliano Zapata in Viva Zapata!; Mark Antony in Joseph L. Mankiewicz's 1953 film adaptation of Shakespeare's Julius Caesar; and as Air Force Major Lloyd Gruver in Sayonara, Joshua Logan's adaption of James Michener's 1954 novel. Brando made Top Ten Money Making Stars, as ranked by Quigley Publications' annual survey of film exhibitors, three times in the decade, coming in at number 10 in 1954, number 6 in 1955, and number 4 in 1958.
/m/062ftr	Paul S. Feig is an American director, actor and author. Feig directed the blockbuster Oscar nominated 2011 film Bridesmaids featuring Kristen Wiig. He created the critically acclaimed show Freaks and Geeks and has directed several episodes of The Office and Arrested Development; plus select episodes of 30 Rock, Parks and Recreation, Mad Men and other television series. Feig has been nominated for two Emmy Awards for writing on Freaks and Geeks and three for directing on The Office. He is also known for playing Mr. Eugene Pool, Sabrina's science teacher, on the first season of Sabrina, the Teenage Witch, as well as Tim, a camp counselor, in the film Heavyweights.
/m/05r7t	Puerto Rico, officially the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, is an unincorporated territory of the United States, located in the northeastern Caribbean east of the Dominican Republic and west of both the United States Virgin Islands and the British Virgin Islands.\nPuerto Rico comprises an archipelago that includes the main island of Puerto Rico and a number of smaller islands, the largest of which are Vieques, Culebra, and Mona. The main island of Puerto Rico is the smallest by land area of the Greater Antilles. It ranks third in population among that group of four islands, which include Cuba, Hispaniola, and Jamaica. Due to its location, Puerto Rico enjoys a tropical climate and is subject to the Atlantic hurricane season. Official languages of the island are Spanish and English, with Spanish being the primary language.\nOriginally populated for centuries by an aboriginal people known as Taíno, the island was claimed by Christopher Columbus for Spain during his second voyage to the Americas on November 19, 1493. Under Spanish rule, the island was colonized. The Taíno were forced into slavery and suffered high fatalities from epidemics of European infectious diseases. Spain held Puerto Rico for over 400 years, despite attempts at capture of the island by the French, Dutch, and British. In 1898, Spain ceded the archipelago, as well as the Philippines, to the United States as a result of its defeat in the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898. In 1917, the U.S. granted citizenship to Puerto Ricans; since 1948, they have elected their own governor. In 1952 the Constitution of Puerto Rico was adopted and ratified by the electorate.
/m/049468	Jaya Bhaduri Bachchan is an Indian actress and politician. She is an alumna of the Film and Television Institute of India, Pune. Jaya Bachchan is the wife of Amitabh Bachchan, and the mother of Shweta Bachchan-Nanda and Abhishek Bachchan. Bachchan is recognised as one of the finest Hindi film actresses of her time, particularly known for reinforcing a naturalistic style of acting in both mainstream and \"middle-of-the-road\" cinema.\nMaking her film debut as a teenager in Satyajit Ray's Mahanagar, Bachchan's first screen role as an adult was in Guddi, directed by Hrishikesh Mukherjee, with whom she would collaborate in several films. She was noted for her performances in films, including Uphaar, Koshish, Kora Kagaz, among others. She appeared alongside her husband Amitabh Bachchan in films such as Zanjeer, Abhimaan, Chupke Chupke, Mili and Sholay.\nFollowing her marriage and the birth of her children, Bachchan restricted her film work for some years, and after her appearance in the 1981 film Silsila, she took an indefinite sabbatical from films. She returned to acting with Govind Nihlani's Hazaar Chaurasi Ki Maa in 1998. Since then, she has appeared in such films as Fiza, Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham..., Kal Ho Naa Ho, which garnered her several awards and nominations.
/m/07c2yr	Olympiakos Nicosia is a football club in the Cypriot capital of Nicosia. The club was founded in 1931. It is a founding member of the Cyprus Football Association. The club colors are black and green. Olympiakos's home ground is the New GSP Stadium of 23,400 seat capacity. The team's main nickname is \"mavroprasini\" -the green blacks, the club's other nickname is Taktakalas from the area in Nicosia where the club hails.\nOlympiakos Nicosia has won three Cypriot First Division Championships, one Cypriot Cup and one Cyprus Super Cup.\nIn the past the club also had track and field, basketball, volleyball, cycling, table tennis and futsal teams. It also in the past had an orchestra, choir and camping divisions, the latter explaining why the club's badge has a tent on it.
/m/05jx2d	Montpellier Hérault Sport Club is a French association football club based in the city of Montpellier. The original club was founded in 1919, while the current incarnation was founded through a merger in 1974. Montpellier currently plays in Ligue 1, the top level of French football and plays its home matches at the Stade de la Mosson, located within the city. The first team is managed by former football player Rolland Courbis and captained by defender Hilton.\nMontpellier was founded under the name Stade Olympique Montpelliérain and played under the name for most of its existence. In 1989, after playing under various names, the club changed its name to its current form. Montpellier is one of the founding members of the first division of French football. Along with Marseille, Rennes, Sochaux, and Nice, Montpellier is one of only a few clubs to have played in the inaugural 1932–33 season and is still playing in the first division. The club won Ligue 1 for the first time in the 2011–12 season. Montpellier's other honours to date include winning the Coupe de France in 1929 and 1990, and the UEFA Intertoto Cup in 1999.
/m/04qdj	Lausanne is a city in Romandy, the French-speaking part of Switzerland, and is the capital of the canton of Vaud. The seat of the district of Lausanne, the city is situated on the shores of Lake Geneva. It faces the French town of Évian-les-Bains, with the Jura mountains to its north-west. Lausanne is located 62 kilometres northeast of Geneva.\nLausanne has a population of 130,421, making it the fourth largest city of the country, with the entire agglomeration area having 336,400 inhabitants. The Metropolitan Area of Lausanne-Geneva is over 1.2 million inhabitants. The headquarters of the International Olympic Committee are located in Lausanne – the IOC officially recognizes the city as the Olympic Capital – as are the headquarters of the Court of Arbitration for Sport. It lies in the middle of a wine-growing region. The city has a 28-station metro system, making it the smallest city in the world to have a rapid transit system.
/m/0300ml	Cagney & Lacey is an American television series that originally aired on the CBS television network for seven seasons from October 8, 1981 to May 16, 1988. A police procedural, the show stars Tyne Daly and Sharon Gless as New York City police detectives who lead very different lives: Christine Cagney was a single, career-minded woman, while Mary Beth Lacey was a married working mother. The series was set in a fictionalized version of Manhattan's 14th Precinct.\nThe two main actresses combined to win the Emmy for Best Lead Actress in a Drama for six consecutive years, a winning streak unmatched in any major category by a show.
/m/015pnb	All in the Family is an American sitcom that was originally broadcast on the CBS television network from January 12, 1971, to April 8, 1979. In September 1979, a new show, Archie Bunker's Place, picked up where All in the Family had ended. That sitcom lasted another four years, ending its run in 1983.\nProduced by Norman Lear and Bud Yorkin, the original pilot was entitled Justice for All and was developed for ABC. Tom Bosley, Jack Warden, and Jackie Gleason were all considered for the role of Archie Bunker. In fact, CBS wanted to buy the rights to the original British show Till Death Us Do Part and retool it specifically for Gleason, who was under contract to them, but producer Norman Lear beat out CBS for the rights and offered the show to ABC.\nCarroll O'Connor and Jean Stapleton played Archie and Edith Justice. Kelly Jean Peters played Gloria and Tim McIntire played her husband, Richard. It was taped in October 1968 in New York City. After screening the first pilot, ABC gave the producers more money to shoot a second pilot entitled Those Were the Days, which was taped in February 1969 in Hollywood. Candice Azzara played Gloria and Chip Oliver played Richard. D'Urville Martin played Lionel Jefferson in both pilots. After ABC turned down the second pilot, CBS developed the third pilot, entitled All in the Family. This pilot had the final cast and was the series' first episode.
/m/0xkyn	Ridgewood is a village in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, the village population was 24,958, reflecting an increase of 22 from the 24,936 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn increased by 784 from the 24,152 counted in the 1990 Census. Ridgewood is a suburban bedroom community of New York City, located approximately 20 miles northwest of Midtown Manhattan.\nThe Village of Ridgewood was created on November 20, 1894, with the same boundaries as Ridgewood Township. The Village became the municipal government while the Township remained as a school district. In 1902, the village added portions of Orvil Township, which were returned to Orvil Township in 1915. In 1925, Ridgewood Village acquired area from Franklin Township. On February 9, 1971, Ridgewood Village acquired area from Washington Township. On May 28, 1974, it acquired area from Ho-Ho-Kus.\nIn 1700, Johannes Van Emburgh built the first home in Ridgewood, having purchased a 250 acres property in 1698.\nRidgewood was ranked 26th in Money magazine's \"Best Places to Live\" in America, 2011.\nNeighborhood Scout website ranked Ridgewood as the 6th safest city in America in its 2013 rankings of the \"NeighborhoodScout’s® Top 100 Safest Cities in the U.S.
/m/01qxc7	Beetlejuice is a 1988 American fantasy film directed by Tim Burton, produced by The Geffen Film Company and distributed by Warner Bros. The plot revolves around a recently deceased young couple who become ghosts haunting their former home and an obnoxious, devious \"bio-exorcist\" named Beetlejuice from the underworld who tries to scare away the new inhabitants permanently.\nAfter the success of Pee-wee's Big Adventure, Burton was sent several scripts and became disheartened by their lack of imagination and originality. When he was sent Michael McDowell's original script for Beetlejuice, Burton agreed to direct, although Larry Wilson and later Warren Skaaren were hired to rewrite it. Beetlejuice was a financial and critical success, grossing $73.7 million from a budget of $15 million. It won the Academy Award for Best Makeup and three Saturn Awards: Best Horror Film, Best Makeup and Best Supporting Actress for Sylvia Sidney, her final award before her death in 1999.\nThe film spawned an animated television series that Burton produced and a planned unproduced sequel, Beetlejuice Goes Hawaiian. In 2012, new development on a sequel was announced.
/m/052smk	Drone music is a minimalist musical style that emphasizes the use of sustained or repeated sounds, notes, or tone-clusters – called drones. It is typically characterized by lengthy audio programs with relatively slight harmonic variations throughout each piece compared to other musics. La Monte Young, one of its 1960s originators, defined it in 2000 as \"the sustained tone branch of minimalism\".\nDrone music is also known as drone-based music, drone ambient or ambient drone, dronescape or the modern alias dronology, and often simply as drone.\nExplorers of drone music since the 1960s have included Theater of Eternal Music, Charlemagne Palestine, Eliane Radigue, Philip Glass, Kraftwerk, Klaus Schulze, Tangerine Dream, Melvins, Sonic Youth, Band of Susans, The Velvet Underground, The Godz, Robert Fripp & Brian Eno, My Bloody Valentine, Steven Wilson, Ghola, Phil Manzanera, Phill Niblock, Michael Waller, David First, Kyle Bobby Dunn, Robert Rich, Steve Roach, Earth, Rhys Chatham, Coil, If Thousands, John Cage, Labradford, Lawrence Chandler, Stars of the Lid, Sonic Boom, Sheila Chandra, Hwyl Nofio, Janek Schaefer, This Will Destroy You, Electric Wizard, Tim Hecker, Basilisk, Locrian, Nu//, and Sunn O.
/m/076xkdz	Summer Wars is a 2009 Japanese animated science fiction film directed by Mamoru Hosoda, animated by Madhouse and distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures. The film's voice cast includes Ryunosuke Kamiki, Nanami Sakuraba, Mitsuki Tanimura, Sumiko Fuji and Ayumu Saitō. The film tells the story of Kenji Koiso, a timid eleventh-grade math genius who is taken to Ueda by twelfth-grade student Natsuki Shinohara to celebrate her great-grandmother's 90th birthday. However, he is falsely implicated in the hacking of a virtual world by a sadistic artificial intelligence named Love Machine. Kenji must repair the damage done to it and find a way to stop the rogue computer program from causing any further damage.\nAfter producing The Girl Who Leapt Through Time, Madhouse was asked to produce the next film. Hosoda and writer Satoko Okudera conceived a story about a social network and a stranger's connection with a family. The real-life city of Ueda was chosen as the setting for Summer Wars, as part of the territory was once governed by the Sanada clan and was close to Hosoda's birthplace in Toyama. Hosoda used the clan as the basis for the Jinnouchi family after visiting his then-fiancé's home in Ueda.
/m/030p4s	The Legislative Assembly of Ontario, is the legislature of the Canadian province of Ontario, and is the second largest provincial legislature of Canada. It is located in the Ontario Legislative Building at Queen's Park in Toronto.\nThe British North America Act section 69 stipulates \"There shall be a Legislature for Ontario consisting of the Lieutenant-Governor and of One House, styled the Legislative Assembly of Ontario\". The legislature is unicameral, without an upper house, with 107 seats representing ridings elected through a first-past-the-post electoral system across the province.\nThe Ontario Legislature is often referred to as the \"Ontario Provincial Parliament\", and is one of only two provincial legislatures in Canada to use the title \"Parliament\". Members of the assembly refer to themselves as \"Members of the Provincial Parliament\" as opposed to \"Members of the Legislative Assembly\" as in many other provinces. Ontario is the only province to do so, in accordance with a resolution passed in the Assembly on April 7, 1938. However, the Legislative Assembly Act, R.S.O. 1990, c. L10 refers only to \"members of the Assembly\".
/m/06y611	The Parent Trap is a 1998 romantic comedy film co-written and directed by Nancy Meyers, and produced and co-written by Charles Shyer. It is the second adaptation of Erich Kästner's German novel Lottie and Lisa following the 1961 film of same name and stars Dennis Quaid and Natasha Richardson as a couple who divorce soon after marrying, and Lindsay Lohan in a dual role as their twin daughters, Hallie Parker and Annie James who are accidentally reunited after being separated at birth. The novel and the 1936 Deanna Durbin film Three Smart Girls are the basis of the screenplay written by David Swift for the 1961 and 1998 film, only the novel is credited however. Meyers and Shyer are credited as co-writers of the 1998 version along with Swift. The film received positive reviews and was a financial success in its first weekend.
/m/05b__vr	Iqbal Theba is a Pakistani-American actor. Theba is known for his recurring role as Principal Figgins in the show Glee.
/m/0jcx1	Dordrecht, colloquially Dordt, historically in English named Dordt, is a city and municipality in the western Netherlands, located in the province of South Holland. It is the fourth largest city of the province, having a population of 118,799 in 2013. The municipality covers the entire Dordrecht Island, also often called Het Eiland van Dordt, bordered by the rivers Oude Maas, Beneden Merwede, Nieuwe Merwede, Hollands Diep, and Dordtsche Kil. Dordrecht is the largest and most important city in the Drechtsteden and is also part of the Randstad, the main conurbation in the Netherlands. Dordrecht is the oldest city in Holland and has a rich history and culture.
/m/084z0w	R. Madhavan is an Indian actor, writer, film producer and television host. Madhavan has received a Filmfare Award, an award from the Tamil Nadu State Film Awards alongside recognition and nominations from other organisations. He has been described as one of the few actors in India who is able to achieve pan-Indian appeal, appearing in films from seven different languages.\nMadhavan began his acting career with television guest appearances, including a role on the Zee TV prime-time soap opera Banegi Apni Baat in 1996. After appearing in commercials and in small roles, he later gained recognition as the husband going through the traumas of his marriage in Mani Ratnam's successful romantic film Alaipayuthey. Madhavan soon developed an image as a romantic hero with notable roles in two of 2001's biggest grossers, Gautham Menon's directorial debut Minnale and Madras Talkies' Dumm Dumm Dumm. He worked with Ratnam again in the critically acclaimed 2002 film Kannathil Muthamittal playing the father of an adopted girl, whilst he enjoyed commercial success with his role in Linguswamy's action film, Run.\nHe was cast opposite Kamal Haasan in the 2003 drama Anbe Sivam, which earned him two notable awards for supporting actor. In 2004 he gave critically acclaimed performances in the multi-starring drama Aayutha Ezhuthu and the film secured him his first Filmfare Award for the intense portrayal of a rogue. In the mid-2000s Madhavan also pursued a career in Hindi films, writing the dialogues for the comedy Ramji Londonwaley, before appearing in supporting roles in two big-budget productions, Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra's Rang De Basanti and Mani Ratnam's biopic Guru. He then won critical acclaim for his portrayal of angry man in his home production in 2007, Evano Oruvan, whilst two years later he appeared in the successful bilingual horror film Yavarum Nalam. He also played a critically acclaimed role in the 2009 blockbuster by Rajkumar Hirani, 3 Idiots, portraying a student with actors Aamir Khan and Sharman Joshi.
/m/02qnyr7	Venu Madhav is a comedy actor in Tollywood born near Kodad, Andhra Pradesh. He has acted in many movies in Telugu, Tamil and Malayalam Languages. Besides an actor, he is a mimicry artist. Venu Madhav started his career with Sampradhayam by S.V.Krishna Reddy.\nHe is also a television anchor, who has hosted several programs in various Telugu Channels. He has acted as Hero in movies such as Hungama, Bhukailas and Premabhishekam.
/m/016w7b	Macalester College is a private, coeducational liberal arts college located in Saint Paul, Minnesota, United States. It was founded in 1874 as a Presbyterian-affiliated but nonsectarian college. Its first class entered September 15, 1885. Macalester is an exclusively undergraduate four-year institution and enrolled 1,978 students in the fall of 2013 from 50 U.S. states and 90 countries. The school is known for its large international enrollment and has one of the highest percentages of foreign students in the United States. In 2013, U.S. News and World Report ranked Macalester as the 24th best liberal arts college in the United States, 12th for undergraduate teaching at a national liberal arts college, and 16th for best value at a national liberal arts college.
/m/0g5pv3	For Your Eyes Only is the twelfth spy film in the James Bond series, and the fifth to star Roger Moore as the fictional MI6 agent James Bond. It marked the directorial debut of John Glen, who had worked as editor and second unit director in three other Bond films.\nThe screenplay by Richard Maibaum and Michael G. Wilson takes its characters and combines the plots from two short stories from Ian Fleming's For Your Eyes Only collection: the title story and \"Risico\". In the plot, Bond attempts to locate a missile command system while becoming tangled in a web of deception spun by rival Greek businessmen along with Melina Havelock, a woman seeking to avenge the murder of her parents. Some writing elements were inspired by the novels Live and Let Die, Goldfinger and On Her Majesty's Secret Service.\nAfter the science fiction-focused Moonraker, the producers wanted a conscious return to the style of the early Bond films and the works of 007 creator Fleming. For Your Eyes Only followed a grittier, more realistic approach, and an unusually strong narrative theme of revenge and its consequences. Filming locations included Greece, Italy, Spain and England, with underwater footage being shot in The Bahamas.
/m/0123r4	Band Aid II was a charity supergroup featuring leading British, Irish, Scottish, and American musicians and recording artists.
/m/0459z	Johannes Brahms was a German composer and pianist.\nBorn in Hamburg into a Lutheran family, Brahms spent much of his professional life in Vienna, Austria, where he was a leader of the musical scene. In his lifetime, Brahms's popularity and influence were considerable; following a comment by the nineteenth-century conductor Hans von Bülow, he is sometimes grouped with Johann Sebastian Bach and Ludwig van Beethoven as one of the \"Three Bs\".\nBrahms composed for piano, chamber ensembles, symphony orchestra, and for voice and chorus. A virtuoso pianist, he premiered many of his own works; he worked with some of the leading performers of his time, including the pianist Clara Schumann and the violinist Joseph Joachim. Many of his works have become staples of the modern concert repertoire. Brahms, an uncompromising perfectionist, destroyed some of his works and left others unpublished.\nBrahms is often considered both a traditionalist and an innovator. His music is firmly rooted in the structures and compositional techniques of the Baroque and Classical masters. He was a master of counterpoint, the complex and highly disciplined art for which Johann Sebastian Bach is famous, and of development, a compositional ethos pioneered by Joseph Haydn, Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, Ludwig van Beethoven, and other composers. Brahms aimed to honour the \"purity\" of these venerable \"German\" structures and advance them into a Romantic idiom, in the process creating bold new approaches to harmony and melody. While many contemporaries found his music too academic, his contribution and craftsmanship have been admired by subsequent figures as diverse as Arnold Schoenberg and Edward Elgar. The diligent, highly constructed nature of Brahms's works was a starting point and an inspiration for a generation of composers.
/m/0k7pf	Sir George Henry Martin CBE is an English record producer, arranger, composer, conductor, audio engineer and musician. He is sometimes referred to as \"the Fifth Beatle\" in reference to his extensive involvement on each of the Beatles' original albums. He is considered one of the greatest record producers of all time, with 30 number one hit singles in the UK and 23 number one hits in the USA.\nInfluenced by a range of musical styles, encompassing Cole Porter and Johnny Dankworth, he attended the Guildhall School of Music and Drama from 1947 to 1950, studying piano and oboe. Following his graduation, he worked for the BBC's classical music department, then joined EMI in 1950. Martin produced comedy and novelty records in the early 1950s, working with the likes of Peter Sellers and Spike Milligan.\nIn a career spanning over six decades, Martin has worked in music, film, television and live performance. He has also held a number of senior executive roles at media companies and contributes to a wide range of charitable causes, including his work for the Prince's Trust and the Caribbean island of Montserrat.\nIn recognition of his services to the music industry and popular culture, he was awarded as Knight Bachelor in 1996.
/m/0262x6	The Hugo Award for Best Novella is one of the Hugo Awards given each year for science fiction or fantasy stories published in English or translated into English during the previous calendar year. The novella award is available for works of fiction of between 17,500 and 40,000 words; awards are also given out in the short story, novelette and novel categories.\nThe Hugo Award for Best Novella has been awarded annually since 1968. In addition to the regular Hugo awards, beginning in 1996 Retrospective Hugo Awards, or \"Retro Hugos\", have been available to be awarded for years 50, 75, or 100 years prior in which no awards were given. To date, Retro Hugo awards have been given for novellas for 1946, 1951, and 1954.\nHugo Award nominees and winners are chosen by the supporting and attending members of the annual World Science Fiction Convention, or Worldcon, and the presentation evening constitutes its central event. The selection process is defined in the World Science Fiction Society Constitution as instant-runoff voting with five nominees, except in the case of a tie. These five novellas on the ballot are the five most-nominated by members that year, with no limit on the number of stories that can be nominated. Initial nominations are made by members in January through March, while voting on the ballot of five nominations is performed roughly in April through July, subject to change depending on when that year's Worldcon is held. Worldcons are generally held near the start of September, and are held in a different city around the world each year.
/m/01btyw	Jalisco, officially Free and Sovereign State of Jalisco, is one of the 31 states which, with the Federal District, comprise the 32 Federal Entities of Mexico. It is located in Western Mexico and divided into 125 municipalities, and its capital city is Guadalajara. Jalisco is one of the more important states in Mexico because of its natural resources as well as its history. Many of the characteristic traits of Mexican culture, particularly outside Mexico, are originally from Jalisco, such as mariachi, ranchera music, tequila, jaripeo, etc. Economically, it is ranked third in the country, with industries centered in the Guadalajara metropolitan area, the second largest metropolitan area in Mexico. The state is home to two significant indigenous populations, the Huichols and the Nahuas. There is also a significant foreign population, mostly retirees from the United States and Canada, living in the Lake Chapala and Puerto Vallarta areas.
/m/0gmkn	Stirling is the largest city in Central Scotland. The city is clustered around a large fortress and medieval old-town. Stirling is the administrative centre for the Stirling council area. The city is located at the mouth of the River Forth. Historically it was strategically important as the \"Gateway to the Highlands\", with its position near the Highland Boundary Fault between the Scottish Lowlands and Highlands, indeed, it has been described as the brooch which clasps the Highlands and the Lowlands together. Its historical position as the nearest crossing of the Forth to the river mouth meant that many of its visitors were in fact invaders. The beast of Stirling is the wolf, which it shares with Rome. According to legend, when Stirling was under attack from Viking invaders, a wolf howled, alerting the townspeople in time to save the town.It is also claimed that the last wolf in Scotland was killed in Stirling.\nOnce the capital of Scotland, Stirling contains the Great Hall and the Renaissance Palace within the Castle that rivalled any building in Europe at the time. Stirling also has its medieval parish church, The Church of the Holy Rude, where King James VI was crowned King of Scots on 29 July 1567. The Holy Rude still functions as a living church with a service every Sunday.
/m/0fc2c	Monroe County is a county located in the U.S. state of New York. As of the 2010 census, the population was 744,344. It is named after James Monroe, fifth President of the United States of America. Its county seat is the city of Rochester.\nMonroe County is part of the Rochester, NY Metropolitan Statistical Area. Monroe County is located in Western New York.
/m/0778p	Seattle University is a Jesuit Catholic university located in the Capitol Hill neighborhood of Seattle, Washington, USA.\nSU is the largest independent university in the Northwest US, with over 7,500 students enrolled in undergraduate and graduate programs within eight schools, and is one of 28 member institutions of the Association of Jesuit Colleges and Universities. U.S. News & World Report, in its \"Best Colleges 2011,\" ranked Seattle University 6th out of Non-PhD schools in the West that offer a full range of programs up to Master's degree.
/m/05r79	Political philosophy is the study of topics such as politics, liberty, justice, property, rights, law, and the enforcement of a legal code by authority: what they are, why they are needed, what, if anything, makes a government legitimate, what rights and freedoms it should protect and why, what form it should take and why, what the law is, and what duties citizens owe to a legitimate government, if any, and when it may be legitimately overthrown, if ever. In a vernacular sense, the term \"political philosophy\" often refers to a general view, or specific ethic, political belief or attitude, about politics that does not necessarily belong to the technical discipline of philosophy. In short, political philosophy is the activity, as with all philosophy, whereby the conceptual apparatus behind such concepts as aforementioned are analyzed, in their history, intent, evolution and the like.
/m/01xvb	The Cleveland Browns are a professional American football franchise based in Cleveland, Ohio. They are currently members of the North Division of the American Football Conference of the National Football League. Their current home venue is FirstEnergy Stadium. Their administrative offices and training facilities are located in Berea, Ohio. The Browns' official colors are burnt orange, seal brown, and white. They are unique among the 32 member franchises of the National Football League in that they do not have a helmet logo.\nThe Cleveland Browns were founded in 1945 by businessman Arthur B. “Mickey” McBride as a charter member of the All-America Football Conference, which began play the following year. The Cleveland Browns went on to dominate the AAFC, compiling a 47–4–3 record in the league's four active seasons and winning its championship in each of them. Following the 1949 season, the AAFC folded, and the Browns were one of three franchises which joined the National Football League. The Browns won a championship in their inaugural NFL season, as well as in the 1954, 1955, and 1964 seasons. From 1965 to 1995, they made the playoffs 14 times, but to date, have never won another championship and have never appeared in a Super Bowl.
/m/07t65	The United Nations is an intergovernmental organization established on 24 October 1945 to promote international co-operation. A replacement for the ineffective League of Nations, the organization was created following the Second World War to prevent another such conflict. At its founding, the UN had 51 member states; there are now 193. The UN Headquarters resides in international territory in New York City, with further main offices in Geneva, Nairobi, and Vienna. The organization is financed by assessed and voluntary contributions from its member states. Its objectives include maintaining international peace and security, promoting human rights, fostering social and economic development, protecting the environment, and providing humanitarian aid in cases of famine, natural disaster, and armed conflict.\nDuring the Second World War, US President Franklin D. Roosevelt initiated talks on a successor agency to the League of Nations, and the United Nations Charter was drafted at a conference in April–June 1945; this charter took effect on 24 October 1945, and the UN began operation. The UN's mission to preserve world peace was complicated in its early decades by the Cold War between the US and Soviet Union and their respective allies. The organization participated in major actions in Korea and the Congo, as well as approving the creation of the state of Israel in 1947. The organization's membership grew significantly following widespread decolonization in the 1960s, and by the 1970s its budget for economic and social development programmes far outstripped its spending on peacekeeping. After the end of the Cold War, the UN took on major military and peacekeeping missions across the world with varying degrees of success.
/m/013hxv	Durham is a city in the U.S. state of North Carolina. It is the county seat of Durham County, though portions also extend into Wake County in the east and Orange County in the west. It is the fourth-largest city in the state, and the 85th-largest in the United States by population, with 233,252 residents as of the 2011 United States census. It is the home of Duke University and North Carolina Central University, and is also one of the vertices of the Research Triangle area.\nDurham is the core of the four-county Durham-Chapel Hill Metropolitan Area. which has a population of 522,826 as of U.S. Census 2012 Population Estimates. The US Office of Management and Budget also includes Durham as a part of the Raleigh-Durham-Chapel Hill Combined Statistical Area, which has a population of 1,998,808 as of U.S. Census 2012 Population Estimates.
/m/01_qc_	Pancreatic cancer is a malignant neoplasm originating from transformed cells arising in tissues forming the pancreas. The most common type of pancreatic cancer, accounting for 95% of these tumors, is adenocarcinoma arising within the exocrine component of the pancreas. A minority arise from islet cells, and are classified as neuroendocrine tumors. The signs and symptoms that eventually lead to the diagnosis depend on the location, the size, and the tissue type of the tumor, and may include abdominal pain, lower back pain, and jaundice, unexplained weight loss, and digestive problems.\nPancreatic cancer is the fourth most common cause of cancer-related deaths in the United States and the twelfth worldwide. Pancreatic cancer has an extremely poor prognosis: for all stages combined, the 1- and 5-year relative survival rates are 25% and 6%, respectively; for local disease the 5-year survival is approximately 15% while the median survival for locally advanced and for metastatic disease, which collectively represent over 80% of individuals, is about 10 and 6 months respectively. Individuals vary, however - some are only diagnosed when they are already terminally ill and therefore only have a few days or weeks. Others have slower progression and may live a couple of years even if surgery is not possible. Men are 30% more likely to get pancreatic cancer than are women.
/m/02p2zq	Donald Jay Fagen is an American musician and songwriter, best known as the co-founder and lead singer of the rock band Steely Dan.\nFollowing the initial breakup of Steely Dan in 1981, he launched a long-running, if sporadic, solo career in 1982, spawning four albums to date. The fourth album, Sunken Condos, was released on October 16, 2012. In 1993, Fagen and Becker reunited and have since toured and released albums as Steely Dan.
/m/059j2	The Netherlands is a constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands, consisting of twelve provinces in western Europe and three islands in the Caribbean. The European part of the Netherlands borders the North Sea to the north and west, Belgium to the south, and Germany to the east; and shares maritime borders with Belgium, Germany and the United Kingdom. Its territory Sint Maarten borders France in the Caribbean via France's territory Saint Martin. The country is a parliamentary democracy organised as a unitary state. The capital city of the Netherlands, mandated by the constitution, is Amsterdam, however, the seat of government is located in The Hague. The Netherlands in its entirety is often referred to as Holland, which in strict usage, refers only to North and South Holland, two of its provinces; however the former usage is generally accepted.\nThe Netherlands is a geographically low-lying country, with about 20% of its area and 21% of its population located below sea level, and 50% of its land lying less than one metre above sea level. This distinct feature contributes to the country's name: in Dutch, English, and in many other European languages, its name literally means \"Low Land\" or \"Low Countries.\" Most of the areas below sea level are man-made, caused by centuries of extensive and poorly controlled peat extraction, lowering the surface by several metres. Even in flooded areas peat extraction continued through turf dredging. From the late 16th century land reclamation started and large polder areas are now preserved through elaborate drainage systems with dikes, canals and pumping stations. Much of the Netherlands is formed by the estuary of three important European rivers, which together with their distributaries form the Rhine–Meuse–Scheldt delta. Most of the country is very flat, with the exception of foothills in the far south-east and several low hill ranges in the central parts.
/m/027b43	The University of North Dakota is a public research university located in Grand Forks, North Dakota, United States.\nEstablished by the Dakota Territorial Assembly in 1883, six years before the establishment of the state of North Dakota, UND is the oldest and largest university in the state. UND was founded as a university with a strong liberal arts foundation and is classified by the Carnegie Foundation as a doctoral/research-intensive institution. UND is ranked among the top 100 public universities in the country by U.S. News & World Report . UND offers a variety of professional and specialized programs, including the only schools of law and medicine in the state, but is perhaps best known for its John D. Odegard School of Aerospace Sciences, which trains pilots and air traffic controllers from around the world. It is the first university to offer a degree in unmanned aircraft systems operations.\nUND specializes in aerospace, health sciences, nutrition, energy and environmental protection, and engineering research. Several research institutions are located on the UND campus including the Energy and Environmental Research Center, the School of Medicine and Health Sciences, and the USDA Human Nutrition Research Center.
/m/01pvc5	A jockey is someone who rides horses in horse racing or steeplechase racing, primarily as a profession. The word also applies to camel riders in camel racing.
/m/0cmb3	County Antrim is one of six counties that form Northern Ireland, situated in the north-east of the island of Ireland. Adjoined to the north-east shore of Lough Neagh, the county covers an area of 3,046 square kilometres, with a population of approximately 618,000. It is also one of the thirty-two traditional counties of Ireland, lying within the historical province of Ulster.\nThe Glens of Antrim offer isolated rugged landscapes, the Giant's Causeway is a unique landscape and a UNESCO World Heritage Site, Bushmills produces whiskey, and Portrush is a popular seaside resort and night-life area. The majority of the capital city of Northern Ireland, Belfast, is also in County Antrim, with the remainder being in County Down.
/m/03b3j	The Green Bay Packers are an American football team based in Green Bay, Wisconsin. They are members of the North Division of the National Football Conference in the National Football League. Green Bay is the third-oldest franchise in the NFL, having been organized and playing in 1919. The Packers are the only non-profit, community-owned major league professional sports team in the United States.\nThe Packers are the last vestige of \"small town teams\" that were once common in the NFL during the 1920s and 1930s. Founded in 1919 by Earl \"Curly\" Lambeau and George Whitney Calhoun, the Green Bay Packers can trace their lineage to other semi-professional teams in Green Bay dating back to 1896. In 1919 and 1920 the Packers competed as a semi-professional football team against clubs from around Wisconsin and the Midwest. They joined the American Professional Football Association in 1921, the forerunner to what is known today as the National Football League. Although Green Bay is by far the smallest professional sports market in North America, its local fan base and media extends into nearby Milwaukee; the team also played selected home games there between 1933 and 1994.
/m/017hnw	Phillips Academy Andover is a highly selective, prestigious co-educational independent boarding preparatory school for boarding and day students in grades 9–12, along with a post-graduate year. The school is located in Andover, Massachusetts, United States, 25 miles north of Boston.
/m/0k9j_	Eldred Gregory Peck was an American actor. One of the world's most popular film stars from the 1940s to the 1960s, Peck continued to play major film roles until the late 1970s. He is best known for his performance as Atticus Finch in the 1962 film To Kill a Mockingbird, which earned him the Academy Award for Best Actor. He had also been nominated for an Oscar for the same category for The Keys of the Kingdom, The Yearling, Gentleman's Agreement and Twelve O'Clock High. Other notable films he appeared in include Spellbound, The Paradine Case, Roman Holiday, Moby Dick, The Guns of Navarone, Cape Fear, How the West Was Won, The Omen and The Boys from Brazil.\nPresident Lyndon Johnson honored Peck with the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1969 for his lifetime humanitarian efforts. In 1999, the American Film Institute named Peck among the Greatest Male Stars of All Time, ranking at No. 12. He was named to the International Best Dressed List Hall of Fame in 1983.
/m/0gg4h	Cardiac arrest, also known as cardiopulmonary arrest or circulatory arrest, is the cessation of normal circulation of the blood due to failure of the heart to contract effectively. Medical personnel may refer to an unexpected cardiac arrest as a sudden cardiac arrest.\nA cardiac arrest is different from a heart attack, where blood flow to the muscle of the heart is impaired.\nArrested blood circulation prevents delivery of oxygen and glucose to the body. Lack of oxygen and glucose to the brain causes loss of consciousness, which then results in abnormal or absent breathing. Brain injury is likely to happen if cardiac arrest goes untreated for more than five minutes. For the best chance of survival and neurological recovery, immediate and decisive treatment is imperative.\nCardiac arrest is a medical emergency that, in certain situations, is potentially reversible if treated early. Unexpected cardiac arrest can lead to death within minutes: this is called sudden cardiac death. The treatment for cardiac arrest is immediate defibrillation if a \"shockable\" rhythm is present, while cardiopulmonary resuscitation is used to provide circulatory support and/or to induce a \"shockable\" rhythm.
/m/01kr6k	A treasurer is the person responsible for running the treasury of an organization. The adjective for a treasurer is normally \"tresorial\". The adjective \"treasurial\" normally means pertaining to a treasury, rather than the treasurer.
/m/047rkcm	The Ugly Truth is a 2009 American romantic comedy film starring Katherine Heigl and Gerard Butler. The film was released in North America on July 24, 2009 by Columbia Pictures.
/m/05hyzx	Gil Vicente Futebol Clube, commonly known as just Gil Vicente, founded in 1924, is a Portuguese football club that plays in Barcelos. It is named after the Portuguese playwright of the same name. The best season for the team was in 1999–00, when it finished fifth in the Liga. They are currently participating in the Portuguese Liga the highest tier of Portuguese football.
/m/0d61px	The Man in the Iron Mask is a 1998 adventure film directed, produced, and written by Randall Wallace, and starring Leonardo DiCaprio in a dual role as the title character and villain, and Gabriel Byrne as d'Artagnan. It uses characters from Alexandre Dumas' D'Artagnan Romances and is very loosely adapted from some plot elements of The Vicomte de Bragelonne. The film centers on the aging four Musketeers; Athos, Porthos, Aramis, and D'Artagnan and the reign of King Louis XIV of France. It attempts to explain the mystery of the Man in the Iron Mask, using a plot more closely related to 1929 Fairbanks' version, The Iron Mask, and the 1939 version by James Whale than the original Dumas book.
/m/0g5pvv	Live and Let Die is the eighth spy film in the James Bond series to be produced by Eon Productions, and the first to star Roger Moore as the fictional MI6 agent James Bond. Produced by Albert R. Broccoli and Harry Saltzman, it was the third of four Bond films to be directed by Guy Hamilton. Although the producers had wanted Sean Connery to return after his role in the previous Bond film Diamonds Are Forever, he declined, sparking a search for a new actor to play James Bond. Moore was signed for the lead role.\nThe film is adapted from the novel of the same name by Ian Fleming. In the film, a Harlem drugs lord known as Mr. Big plans to distribute two tons of heroin free to put rival drugs barons out of business. Mr. Big is revealed to be the disguised alter ego of Dr. Kananga, a corrupt Caribbean dictator, who rules San Monique, the fictional island where the heroin poppies are secretly farmed. Bond is investigating the death of three British agents, leading him to Kananga, and is soon trapped in a world of gangsters and voodoo as he fights to put a stop to the drugs baron's scheme.\nLive and Let Die was released during the height of the blaxploitation era, and many blaxploitation archetypes and clichés are depicted in the film, including derogatory racial epithets, black gangsters, and \"pimpmobiles\". It departs from the former plots of the James Bond films about megalomaniac super-villains, and instead focuses on drug trafficking, depicted primarily in blaxploitation films. It is set in African American cultural centres such as Harlem and New Orleans, as well as the Caribbean Islands. It was also the first James Bond film featuring an African American Bond girl to be romantically involved with 007, Rosie Carver, who was played by Gloria Hendry. The film was a box office success and received generally positive reviews from critics. It was also nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Song for \"Live and Let Die\", written by Paul McCartney and performed by his band Wings.
/m/0dc3_	Dutchess County is a county located in the U.S. state of New York, in the state's Mid-Hudson Region of the Hudson Valley. As of the 2010 census, the population was 297,488. The county seat is Poughkeepsie.\nDutchess County is part of the Poughkeepsie–Newburgh–Middletown, NY Metropolitan Statistical Area as well as the larger New York–Newark–Bridgeport, NY-NJ-CT-PA Combined Statistical Area.
/m/05q9g1	Sampooran Singh Kalra, known popularly by his pen name Gulzar, is an Indian poet, lyricist and Movie director. He primarily writes in Hindustani and Punjabi; besides several dialects of Hindi such as Braj Bhasha, Khariboli, Haryanvi and Marwari.\nGulzar was awarded the Padma Bhushan in 2004 for his contribution to the arts and the Sahitya Akademi Award in 2002. He has won a number of National Film Awards and 20 Filmfare Awards. At the 81st Academy Awards, he won the Academy Award for Best Original Song for \"Jai Ho\", for the film Slumdog Millionaire. On 31 January 2010, the same song won him a Grammy Award in the category of Grammy Award for Best Song Written for a Motion Picture, Television or Other Visual Media.\nGulzar's poetry is partly published in three compilations: Chand Pukhraaj Ka, Raat Pashminey Ki and Pandrah Paanch Pachattar. His short stories are published in Raavi-paar and Dhuan.\nAs a lyricist, Gulzar is best known for his association with the music directors Rahul Dev Burman, A. R. Rahman and Vishal Bhardwaj. He has also worked with other leading Bollywood music directors including Sachin Dev Burman, Salil Chowdhury, Shankar Jaikishan, Hemant Kumar, Laxmikant-Pyarelal, Madan Mohan, Rajesh Roshan, Anu Malik, and Shankar–Ehsaan–Loy. Along with lyrics, he has also contributed in many films as script, story and dialogue writer. Films directed by him have also won numerous awards and have been critically acclaimed. He also had worked on small screen by creating series Mirza Ghalib and Tahreer Munshi Premchand ki among others. He wrote lyrics for several Doordarshan serials including Hello Zindagi, Potli Baba ki and Jungle Book.
/m/026sv5l	Mukesh Rishi is an Indian film actor who has worked in Hindi, Telugu, Tamil, Malayalam and Kannada films. He has also acted in Punjabi films. After doing his graduation from Chandigarh and working for two years in Mumbai, he left India to work in Fiji where he met his wife of Fijian-Indian descent whose family ran a traditional departmental store.\nAfter marriage they went to New Zealand where Mukesh started his career as a model. However, he could hardly find out time for modelling due to busy job schedule. Also, he wasn't completely satisfied with his modelling assignments and his heart yearned for home. And so, after seven long years, he returned to Mumbai and enrolled at Roshan Taneja's acting school.\nHe got his first break in Tollywood in 1988 and has established himself as a leading character actor. Although he started his career in Telugu films as the villain, he has since then diversified into donning some positive roles. In this transition, he joins a list of many non-Telugu speaking actors who donned such roles including Amrish Puri, Puneet Issar, Sharat Saxena, and Pradeep Rawat among others. He also acted in Oriya films.
/m/05b7q	North Korea, officially the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, is a country in East Asia, in the northern part of the Korean Peninsula. The capital and largest city is Pyongyang. North Korea shares a land border with China to the north and north-west, along the Amnok and Tumen rivers. A small section of the Tumen River also forms North Korea's short border with Russia to the northeast. The Korean Demilitarized Zone marks the boundary between North Korea and South Korea. The legitimacy of this border is not accepted by either side, as both states claim to be the legitimate government of the entire peninsula.\nThe Korean Peninsula was governed by the Korean Empire from the late 19th century to the early 20th century, until it was annexed by the Empire of Japan in 1910. After the surrender of Japan at the end of World War II, Japanese rule ceased. The Korean Peninsula was divided into two occupied zones in 1945, with the northern part of the peninsula occupied by the Soviet Union and the southern portion by the United States. A United Nations-supervised election held in 1948 led to the creation of separate Korean governments for the two occupation zones: the Democratic People's Republic of Korea in the north, and the Republic of Korea in the south. The conflicting claims of sovereignty led to the Korean War in 1950. An armistice in 1953 committed both to a cease-fire, but the two countries remain officially at war because a formal peace treaty was never signed. Both states were accepted into the United Nations in 1991.
/m/029_3	David Michael Letterman is an American television host and comedian. He hosts the late night television talk show Late Show with David Letterman, broadcast on CBS. Letterman has been a fixture on late night television since the 1982 debut of Late Night with David Letterman on NBC. In 1996, David Letterman was ranked #45 on TV Guide's 50 Greatest TV Stars of All Time. In 2013, Letterman surpassed friend and mentor Johnny Carson as the longest-serving late-night talk show host in TV history, at 31 years.\nLetterman is also a television and film producer. His company Worldwide Pants produces his show as well as its network followup The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson. Worldwide Pants has also produced several prime-time comedies, the most successful of which was Everybody Loves Raymond, currently in syndication.
/m/02w_l9	ABC Family is an American basic cable and satellite television channel that is owned by ABC Family Worldwide Inc., a subsidiary of the Disney-ABC Television Group division of The Walt Disney Company. The channel generally offers contemporary as well as family-oriented programming aimed at a wide audience, but primarily features series and movies aimed at teenage girls and young women; its programming includes off-network syndicated reruns and original series, feature films and made-for-TV original movies, and some religious programming.\nThe network was founded in 1977 as an extension of televangelist Pat Robertson's Christian television ministry, and eventually evolved into The Family Channel by 1990. In 1998, it was sold to Fox Kids Worldwide Inc. and renamed Fox Family. On October 24, 2001, Fox Family Channel and Fox Family Worldwide were sold to The Walt Disney Company, in a sale that also included Saban Entertainment.\nAs of August 2013, ABC Family is available to approximately 96,462,000 pay television households in the United States.
/m/03_2f	Igneous rock is one of the three main rock types, the others being sedimentary and metamorphic rock. Igneous rock is formed through the cooling and solidification of magma or lava. Igneous rock may form with or without crystallization, either below the surface as intrusive rocks or on the surface as extrusive rocks. This magma can be derived from partial melts of pre-existing rocks in either a planet's mantle or crust. Typically, the melting is caused by one or more of three processes: an increase in temperature, a decrease in pressure, or a change in composition. Over 700 types of igneous rocks have been described, most of them having formed beneath the surface of Earth's crust.
/m/0cv1h	Washington County is a county located in the western part of the US state of Maryland, bordering southern Pennsylvania to the north, northern Virginia to the south, and the Eastern Panhandle of West Virginia to the south and west. As of the 2010 census, the population was 147,430. Washington County was the first county in the United States to be named for the Revolutionary War general George Washington. Its county seat is Hagerstown.\nWashington County is one of three counties in the Hagerstown-Martinsburg, MD-WV Metropolitan Statistical Area. Washington County has experienced a population boom, and is one of the fastest growing counties in the country, due to an influx of people from the Washington–Baltimore metropolitan areas.
/m/0_vn7	Knoxville is a city in the U.S. state of Tennessee, and the county seat of Knox County. The city had a population of 178,874 as of the 2010 census, and an estimated population of 182,200 in 2012, making it the state's third largest city. Knoxville is the principal city of the Knoxville Metropolitan Statistical Area, which in 2012 had an estimated population of 848,350. The KMSA is in turn the central component of the Knoxville-Sevierville-La Follette Combined Statistical Area, which in 2000 had a population of 1,029,155.\nFirst settled in 1786, Knoxville was the first capital of Tennessee. The city struggled with geographic isolation throughout the early 19th century, though the arrival of the railroad in 1855 led to an economic boom. During the Civil War, the city was bitterly divided over the secession issue, and was occupied alternately by both Confederate and Union armies. Following the war, Knoxville grew rapidly as a major wholesaling and manufacturing center. The city's economy stagnated after the 1920s as the manufacturing sector collapsed, the Downtown area declined, and city leaders became entrenched in highly partisan political fights. Hosting the 1982 World's Fair helped reinvigorate the city, and revitalization initiatives by city leaders and private developers have had some success.
/m/05ch98	The Jacket is a 2005 psychological thriller film directed by John Maybury that is partly based on the Jack London novel titled The Star Rover, however, in the UK the book was published as The Jacket. Massy Tadjedin wrote the screenplay based on a story by Tom Bleecker and Marc Rocco. The original music score is composed by Roger Eno and the cinematography is by Peter Deming.
/m/01rxyb	Kill Bill: Vol. 1 is a 2003 action film written and directed by Quentin Tarantino.
/m/053tj7	Inside Deep Throat is a 2005 American documentary film about the 1972 pornographic film Deep Throat and its effects on American society. The film discusses how Deep Throat was distributed to theaters. Prints would be hand-delivered and employees would count heads of moviegoers and then collect the cash profits from the theaters. This process was known as sending \"checkers and sweepers\".\nIt features scenes from the film, news of the time and interviews, both from archive and purpose-made, with director Gerard Damiano, actor Harry Reems, actress Linda Lovelace, Gore Vidal, Larry Flynt, Hugh Hefner, John Waters, Erica Jong, a prosecutor, Reems' defense, Mafia money collectors, and other people involved or just commenting on the film. Much of the material was compiled from approximately 800 hours of interview and archive footage collected by the filmmakers.\nNarrated by Dennis Hopper, the documentary was written, produced, and directed by Fenton Bailey and Randy Barbato, and produced by Brian Grazer. It is a production of Imagine Entertainment, HBO Documentary Films, and World of Wonder, and distributed by Universal Pictures.
/m/021lby	Richard Donner is an American film director, comic book writer and film producer.\nAfter directing the horror film The Omen, Donner became famous for the hailed creation of the first modern superhero film, Superman, starring Christopher Reeve. The influence of this film eventually helped establish the superhero concept as a respected film genre.\nDonner later went on to direct such films as The Goonies and Scrooged, while reinvigorating the buddy film genre with Lethal Weapon and its sequels. He and his wife, producer Lauren Shuler Donner, own the production company The Donners' Company, which is most well known for producing the X-Men film series.\nIn 2000, he received the President's Award from the Academy of Science Fiction, Fantasy & Horror Films. He was also nominated for Best Director in 1978 for Superman. Film historian Michael Barson writes that Donner had \"emerged as one of Hollywood's most reliable makers of action blockbusters\".
/m/04pzy	Lois Lane is a fictional character appearing in comic books published by DC Comics. Created by writer Jerry Siegel and artist Joe Shuster, she first appeared in Action Comics #1. Lois is an award-winning journalist and the primary love interest of the superhero, Superman. Like Superman's alter ego Clark Kent, she is a reporter for the Metropolis newspaper, the Daily Planet.\nLois Lane's character was created from many influences. Her physical appearance was originally based on Joanne Carter, a model hired by Superman co-creators Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster. The character's personality was based on \"Torchy Blane\". Jerry Siegel took the character's name from Lola Lane, who also played \"Torchy Blane\" on one occasion. Lois is also based on real life journalist Nellie Bly.\nDepictions of Lois Lane have varied since her character was created in 1938, spanning the 75-year history of Superman comics and other media adaptations. During the Silver Age of Comics, she was the star of Superman's Girl Friend, Lois Lane, a comics series that had a light and frivolous tone. However, the original Golden Age version of Lois, as well as versions of her from the 1970s-onwards, portrays Lois as a tough-as-nails journalist and intellectual equal to Superman. Although one thing has remained constant throughout the character's 75-year history, she has always been the most prominent love interest in Superman's life and is seen by many fans as the archetypical 'comic book love interest'.
/m/0fz20l	The 16th Academy Awards, in 1944, was the first Oscar ceremony held at a large public venue, Grauman’s Chinese Theater. Free passes were given out to men and women in uniform. The more theatrical approach makes it a forerunner of the contemporary Oscar telecast.\nThe serial cartoon Tom and Jerry won their first Oscar this year for The Yankee Doodle Mouse after two failed nominations in a row. They would end up winning another six Oscars, including three in a row for the next three years, and gained a total of 13 nominations.\nFor the first time, supporting actors and actresses took home full-size statuettes, instead of smaller-sized awards mounted on a plaque.\nThis was the last year until 2009 to have 10 nominations for Best Picture; The Ox-Bow Incident is, as of 2014, the last film to be nominated solely in that category.
/m/03lpd0	Beatrice \"Bea\" Benaderet was an American actress born in New York City and reared in San Francisco, California. She appeared in a wide variety of television work, which included a starring role in the 1960s television series Petticoat Junction and Green Acres as Shady Rest Hotel owner Kate Bradley, supporting roles as Blanche Morton in The George Burns and Gracie Allen Show and as the original voice of Betty Rubble during the first four seasons of The Flintstones, and in The Beverly Hillbillies as Pearl Bodine. She did a great deal of voice work in Warner Bros. animated cartoons of the 1940s/1950s, most famously as Granny.
/m/07733f	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment, Inc. is a division of Warner Bros. Home Entertainment Group. It is a worldwide publisher, developer, licensor and distributor of video games for both internal and third party titles. Under the WBIE umbrella is Warner Bros. Games, which focuses on the creation, development and production of first-party titles. Because of the distribution, marketing and sales infrastructure of Warner Home Video, WBIE is a significant worldwide publisher for both internal and third-party game titles.
/m/02swsm	Hollywood Records, Inc. is an American record label, part of the Disney Music Group which focus in pop, rock, alternative and teen pop genres. Founded in 1989, its current roster includes former and current Disney Channel artists such as Selena Gomez, Demi Lovato, Zendaya and Bridgit Mendler and several rock bands including Queen, Grace Potter and the Nocturnals, Plain White T's, R5 and Breaking Benjamin. The roster also even includes fresh new artists such as The X Factor USA finalist, Bea Miller, Radio Disney's N.B.T. winner Coco Jones, and Sabrina Carpenter.
/m/01q2nx	Deep Impact is a 1998 American science fiction disaster film. directed by Mimi Leder, written by Bruce Joel Rubin and Michael Tolkin, and starring Robert Duvall, Téa Leoni, Elijah Wood, Vanessa Redgrave, Maximilian Schell, and Morgan Freeman. Steven Spielberg served as an executive producer of this film. It was released by Paramount Pictures and DreamWorks in the United States on May 8, 1998. The plot describes the attempts to prepare for and destroy a 7-mile wide comet, which was to collide with the Earth and cause a mass extinction.\nNotably, Deep Impact was released in the same summer as a similarly themed rival, Armageddon, which fared better at the box office, while astronomers described Deep Impact as being more scientifically accurate. Deep Impact grossed over $349 million worldwide on an $80 million production budget.\nThis is the final film of cinematographer Dietrich Lohmann.
/m/02w5q6	Mario Lopez, Jr. is an American television host and actor. He is of Mexican, Latino and Hispanic descent. Lopez has appeared on several television series, in films, and on Broadway. He is best known for his portrayal of A.C. Slater on Saved By The Bell, who he also portrayed as a regular on Saved by the Bell: The College Years. He has appeared in numerous projects since, including the third season of Dancing with the Stars and as host for the syndicated entertainment news magazine show Extra. He has also hosted America's Best Dance Crew for MTV. In 2012, he co-hosted the American version of The X Factor with Khloé Kardashian until her departure in December, and was sole host for the 2013 season.
/m/014v1q	Burl Icle Ivanhoe Ives was an American actor, writer, and folk music singer. As an actor, Ives's work included comedies, dramas, and voice work in theater, television, and motion pictures. Music critic John Rockwell said, \"Ives's voice ... had the sheen and finesse of opera without its latter-day Puccinian vulgarities and without the pretensions of operatic ritual. It was genteel in expressive impact without being genteel in social conformity. And it moved people.\"
/m/012vby	Mervyn LeRoy was an American film director, film producer and occasional actor.
/m/018jz	Baseball is a bat-and-ball game played between two teams of nine players who take turns batting and fielding.\nThe offense attempts to score more runs than its opponents by hitting a ball thrown by the pitcher with a bat and moving counter-clockwise around a series of four bases: first, second, third and home plate. A run is scored when the runner advances around the bases and returns to home plate.\nPlayers on the batting team take turns hitting against the pitcher of the fielding team, which tries to prevent runs by getting hitters out in any of several ways. A player on the batting team can stop at any of the bases and later advance on a teammate's hit or other means. The teams switch between batting and fielding whenever the fielding team records three outs. One turn at bat for both teams, beginning with the visiting team, constitutes an inning, and nine innings a game. The team with the greater number of runs at the end of the game wins.\nEvolving from older bat-and-ball games, an early form of baseball was being played in England by the mid-18th century. This game was brought by immigrants to North America, where the modern version developed. By the late 19th century, baseball was widely recognized as the national sport of the United States. Baseball is now popular in North America and parts of Central and South America and the Caribbean, East Asia and Europe.
/m/01rhrd	The Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia was the Yugoslav state that existed from its foundation during World War II until its dissolution in 1992 amid the Yugoslav Wars. It was a socialist state and a federation made up of six socialist republics: Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia, Macedonia, Montenegro, Serbia, and Slovenia. Serbia, in addition, included two autonomous provinces: Vojvodina and Kosovo.\nAfter initially siding with the Eastern bloc under the leadership of Josip Broz Tito at the beginning of the Cold War, Yugoslavia pursued a policy of neutrality after the Tito–Stalin split of 1948, and it became one of the founding members of the Non-Aligned Movement. After the death of Tito in 1980, rising ethnic nationalism in the late 1980s led to dissidence among the multiple ethnicities within the constituent republics, followed by collapse of inter-republic talks on transformation of the country and recognition of their independence by some European states in 1991. This led to the country collapsing along ethno-national lines, followed by the final downfall and breakup of the country in 1992, and the start of the Yugoslav Wars.
/m/01wrcxr	Diana Ernestine Earle Ross is an American recording artist, actress and record producer. Born and raised in Detroit, she rose to fame in the late 1950s as lead singer and a founding member of The Supremes. She also enjoyed a substantial solo career that featured multiple No. 1 hits and an acting career that earned an Academy Award nomination.\nIn 1993, the Guinness Book of World Records declared Ross the most successful female music artist in history due to her success in the United States and United Kingdom for having more hits than any female artist in the charts with a career total of 70 hit singles between her time with The Supremes and solo. She has sold over 100 million copies between the two careers.
/m/04cr6qv	Joseph Adam \"Joe\" Jonas is an American pop singer, musician, actor, and dancer. He was a member of the Jonas Brothers, a pop-rock band made up of him and his two brothers, Nick and Kevin. He starred as Joseph Lucas on the Disney Channel original series Jonas, and released his debut solo studio album, Fastlife in October 2011.
/m/03s0w	Iowa is a U.S. state in the Midwestern United States, a region sometimes called the \"American Heartland\". Iowa is bordered by the Mississippi River on the east and the Missouri River and the Big Sioux River on the west; it is the only US state whose eastern and western borders are formed entirely by rivers. Iowa is bordered by Wisconsin and Illinois to the east, Missouri to the south, Nebraska and South Dakota to the west, and Minnesota to the north.\nIn colonial times, Iowa was a part of French Louisiana; its current state flag is patterned after the flag of France. After the Louisiana Purchase, settlers laid the foundation for an agriculture-based economy in the heart of the Corn Belt.\nIn the latter half of the 20th century, Iowa's agricultural economy made the transition to a diversified economy of advanced manufacturing, processing, financial services, information technology, biotechnology, and green energy production. Iowa is the 26th most extensive in land area and the 30th most populous of the 50 United States. Its capital and largest city is Des Moines. Iowa has been listed as one of the safest states in which to live.
/m/0cwtm	Goldie Jeanne Hawn is an American actress, film director, producer, and occasional singer. Hawn is known for her roles in television's Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In and films like The Sugarland Express, Private Benjamin, Foul Play, Shampoo, Overboard, Bird on a Wire, Death Becomes Her, The First Wives Club, and Cactus Flower, for which she won the 1969 Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress. She is the mother of actors Oliver and Kate Hudson. Hawn has maintained a relationship with actor Kurt Russell since 1983.
/m/0bsj9	Anthrax is an American thrash metal band from New York City, New York, United States, formed in 1981. Formed by guitarists Scott Ian and Danny Lilker, the band has since released ten studio albums, 20 singles, and an EP featuring American hip hop group Public Enemy. The band was one of the most popular of the 1980s thrash metal scene. When thrash metal began to gain a major following in the mid-to-late 1980s, Anthrax were dubbed one of the \"big four\" of thrash metal alongside Metallica, Megadeth and Slayer.\nThey were also one of the early underground metal bands to sign to a major label. As of 2004, Anthrax sold over 2.5 million records in the U.S since the beginning of the SoundScan era and as of 2012, they have sold over 15 million records worldwide.\nThe band line-up has been changed numerous times; following the departure of drummer Dave Weiss and bassist Kenny Kushner, several musicians replaced both band members' roles, though Paul Kahn and Greg Walls were the first to do so. In addition to this aspect, there were multiple vocalists involved in Anthrax, with Neil Turbin, Joey Belladonna and John Bush being among the frontmen of the band. Scott Ian, however, has been in the band since its formation.
/m/020vx9	Lomonosov Moscow State University, previously known as Lomonosov University or MSU, is one of the oldest and largest universities in Russia. Founded in 1755, the university was renamed in honor of its founder, Mikhail Lomonosov, in 1940. It also claims to have the tallest educational building in the world. Its current rector is Viktor Sadovnichiy.
/m/01817f	Carly Elisabeth Simon is an American singer-songwriter, musician, and children's author. She first rose to fame in the 1970s with a string of hit records; her 13 Top 40 U.S. hits include \"Anticipation\", \"You Belong To Me\", \"Coming Around Again\", and her three Gold certified singles \"Jesse\", the iconic \"You're So Vain\", and \"Nobody Does It Better\" from The Spy Who Loved Me.\nAfter a brief stint with her sister Lucy Simon as duo group The Simon Sisters, she found great success as a solo artist with her 1971 self titled debut album Carly Simon, which won her the Best New Artist Grammy, and spawned her first Top 10 single \"That's the Way I've Always Heard It Should Be\". Simon achieved international fame with her breakthrough album No Secrets which sat firmly at #1 on the Billboard 200 for 5 weeks, and spawned the worldwide hit \"You're So Vain\", for which she received two Grammy nominations, including Record of the Year. Over the course of her career, Simon has amassed 23 Billboard Hot 100 charting singles, and has won two Grammy Awards, out of 14 nominations.\nFor her 1988 hit \"Let the River Run\", Simon became the first artist in history to win a Grammy Award, an Academy Award, and a Golden Globe Award for a song both written and performed entirely by a single artist. She was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 1994, inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame for \"You're So Vain\" in 2004, and awarded the ASCAP Founders Award in 2012.
/m/0m66w	Sarah Jessica Parker is an American actress, model, singer and producer.\nShe is known for her leading role as Carrie Bradshaw on the HBO television series Sex and the City, for which she won four Golden Globe Awards, three Screen Actors Guild Awards, and two Emmy Awards. She played the same role in the 2008 feature film based on the show, Sex and the City: The Movie, and in its sequel, Sex and the City 2, which opened on May 26, 2010. Parker has also appeared in many other films.
/m/0fmtd	A puppet is an inanimate object or representational figure animated or manipulated by a puppeteer. It is used in puppetry, which is a very ancient form of theatre.\nThere are many different varieties of puppets, and they are made of a wide range of materials, depending on their form and intended use. They can be extremely complex or very simple in their construction.
/m/07z6xs	The Black Dahlia is a 2006 American neo noir crime film directed by Brian De Palma. It is drawn from a novel of the same name by James Ellroy, writer of L.A. Confidential and starred Josh Hartnett, Scarlett Johansson, Aaron Eckhart and Hilary Swank. The film is based on the murder of Elizabeth Short and had its world premiere as opener at the 63rd Venice International Film Festival on August 30, 2006. Wide release was on September 15, 2006. Despite being both a critical and financial failure, the film was nominated for Best Cinematography at the 79th Academy Awards but lost to Pan's Labyrinth.
/m/089j8p	Mrs Henderson Presents is a 2005 British comedy film written by American playwright Martin Sherman and directed by Stephen Frears. It stars Judi Dench, Bob Hoskins, Kelly Reilly, and Pop Idol winner Will Young in his acting debut.
/m/03yvf2	Fight Club is a 1999 American film based on the 1996 novel of the same name by Chuck Palahniuk. The film was directed by David Fincher and stars Edward Norton, Brad Pitt, and Helena Bonham Carter. Norton plays the unnamed protagonist, an \"everyman\" who is discontented with his white-collar job. He forms a \"fight club\" with soap maker Tyler Durden, played by Pitt, and they are joined by men who also want to fight recreationally. The narrator becomes embroiled in a relationship with Durden and a dissolute woman, Marla Singer, played by Bonham Carter.\nPalahniuk's novel was optioned by 20th Century Fox producer Laura Ziskin, who hired Jim Uhls to write the film adaptation. Fincher was one of four directors the producers considered. They hired him because of his enthusiasm for the film. Fincher developed the script with Uhls and sought screenwriting advice from the cast and others in the film industry. The director and the cast compared the film to Rebel Without a Cause and The Graduate. Fincher intended Fight Club's violence to serve as a metaphor for the conflict between a generation of young people and the value system of advertising. The director copied the homoerotic overtones from Palahniuk's novel to make audiences uncomfortable and keep them from anticipating the twist ending.
/m/0275pjz	Any deviation from the normal structure or function of the endocrine system that is manifested by a characteristic set of symptoms and signs.
/m/03c5f7l	Ray McKinnon is an American actor, screenwriter, film director and producer. He was married to actress and producer Lisa Blount from 1998 until her death on October 25, 2010. He graduated with a degree in Theatre from Valdosta State University.\nAlong with his wife, McKinnon won the Academy Award in the category Live Action Short Film in 2001 for The Accountant. The film was produced by Ginny Mule Pictures, a company founded by himself, Lisa Blount and Walton Goggins. McKinnon currently lives in Little Rock, Arkansas, the hometown of his late wife. As an actor, he is best known for his role as Reverend Smith in the HBO series Deadwood and for his role as Lincoln Potter in the fourth season of the critically acclaimed FX show Sons of Anarchy.\nMcKinnon wrote, produced, directed and played Snake in the critically acclaimed 2004 film Chrystal starring Blount and Billy Bob Thornton. The supporting cast included Goggins, Grace Zabriskie, Harry Lennix, Harry Dean Stanton and Johnny Galecki.\nHe created the television series Rectify, the first original series from Sundance Channel. The first season was broadcast from April to May 2013 and has been renewed for a second season.
/m/0k0rf	Rope is a 1948 American thriller film based on the play Rope by Patrick Hamilton and adapted by Hume Cronyn and Arthur Laurents, directed by Alfred Hitchcock and produced by Sidney Bernstein and Hitchcock as the first of their Transatlantic Pictures productions. Starring James Stewart, John Dall and Farley Granger, it is the first of Hitchcock's Technicolor films, and is notable for taking place in real time and being edited so as to appear as a single continuous shot through the use of long takes.\nThe original play was said to be inspired by the real-life murder of 14-year-old Bobby Franks in 1924 by University of Chicago students Nathan Leopold and Richard Loeb.
/m/01cwhp	Céline Marie Claudette Dion, CC OQ ChLD is a Canadian singer. Born into a large family from Charlemagne, Quebec, Dion emerged as a teen star in the French-speaking world after her manager and future husband René Angélil mortgaged his home to finance her first record. In 1990, she released the English-language album Unison, establishing herself as a viable pop artist in North America and other English-speaking areas of the world.\nDion first gained international recognition in the 1980s by winning both the 1982 Yamaha World Popular Song Festival and the 1988 Eurovision Song Contest where she represented Switzerland. Following a series of French albums in the early 1980s, she signed on to CBS Records Canada in 1986. During the 1990s, with the help of Angélil, she achieved worldwide fame after signing with Epic Records and releasing several English albums along with additional French albums, becoming one of the most successful artists in pop music history. However, in 1999 at the height of her success, Dion announced a hiatus from entertainment in order to start a family and spend time with her husband, who had been diagnosed with cancer. She returned to the top of pop music in 2002 and signed a three-year contract to perform nightly in a five-star theatrical show at the Colosseum at Caesars Palace, Paradise, Nevada.
/m/048j1q	Alianza Fútbol Club, also known simply as Alianza, is a football club based in San Salvador, El Salvador.\nAlianza is one of the most popular and successful clubs in El Salvador. The team currently plays in the Primera Division, which is the highest tier league in the country.\nFounded in 1960, Alianza was almost immediately successful, winning its first championships in the 1966 and 1967 Salvadoran seasons. Even more significantly, Alianza was the first Central American and Salvadoran club to win the CONCACAF Champions' Cup in 1967, and is currently one of only three Salvadoran teams to have done so.
/m/0f5mdz	Yoram Globus, is an Israeli film producer who is most famous for his association with Cannon Films Inc., a company he ran with his cousin Menahem Golan.\nThe cousins bought The Cannon Group production company in 1979 and managed it throughout the 1980s. Because of their fast, low-budget style of filmmaking, they earned the nickname \"the Go-Go Boys\". However, quite a few of the films produced by the Cannon Group have become quite renowned, including Runaway Train and Godfrey Reggio's second film of the \"Qatsi\" trilogy, Powaqqatsi. The Cannon Group's library of films is now part of MGM.
/m/03fn8k	Football Club Pyunik, is an Armenian professional football club based in Yerevan. It is one of the most popular football clubs in Armenia.
/m/01wv9p	Marco Antonio Muñiz, better known by his stage name as Marc Anthony, is an American actor, record producer, singer-songwriter, and television producer. Anthony is also the top selling tropical salsa artist of all time. The two-time Grammy and four-time Latin Grammy winner has sold more than 12 million albums worldwide. He is best known for his Latin salsa numbers and ballads. Anthony has won numerous awards, and his achievements have been honored through various recognitions. He was the recipient of the 2009 Congressional Hispanic Caucus Institute Chair's Award. He also received the \"2009 CHCI Chair's Lifetime Achievement Award\" on September 16, 2009.
/m/0ckrgs	Sailor Moon S: The Movie, known in Japan as Pretty Soldier Sailor Moon S: The Movie, is a 1994 Japanese animated film directed by Hiroki Shibata and written by Sukehiro Tomita. It is the second film in the Sailor Moon series. The English dub is called Sailor Moon S the Movie: Hearts in Ice. The film is adapted from a side story of the original manga series created by Naoko Takeuchi, The Lover of Princess Kaguya. The storyline is loosely based on The Snow Queen fairytale.\nThe Japanese version was released on December 4, 1994, around the same time as the third arc of the Sailor Moon anime, Sailor Moon S. The events portrayed seem to take place during approximately the same time period - presumably during the mid-to-late episodes of the third season, which explains why Hotaru Tomoe and the spirit of Sailor Saturn do not appear.
/m/09d5h	CBS is an American commercial broadcast television network, which started as a radio network; it continues to operate a radio network and a portfolio of television and radio stations in large and mid-sized markets. The name is derived from the initials of the network's former name, Columbia Broadcasting System. It is the second largest broadcaster in the world behind the British Broadcasting Corporation. The network is sometimes referred to as the \"Eye Network\", in reference to the shape of the company's logo. It has also been called the \"Tiffany Network\", which alludes to the perceived high quality of CBS programming during the tenure of its founder William S. Paley. It can also refer to some of CBS's first demonstrations of color television, which were held in a former Tiffany & Co. building in New York City in 1950.\nThe network has its origins in United Independent Broadcasters Inc., a collection of 16 radio stations that was bought by William S. Paley in 1928 and renamed the Columbia Broadcasting System. Under Paley's guidance, CBS would first become one of the largest radio networks in the United States and then one of the big three American broadcast television networks. In 1974, CBS dropped its full name and became known simply as CBS, Inc. The Westinghouse Electric Corporation acquired the network in 1995 and eventually adopted the name of the company it had bought to become CBS Corporation. In 2000, CBS came under the control of Viacom, which began as a spin-off of CBS in 1971. In late 2005, Viacom split itself and reestablished CBS Corporation with the CBS television network at its core. CBS Corporation is controlled by Sumner Redstone through National Amusements, its parent.
/m/04k05	Led Zeppelin were an English rock band formed in London in 1968. The band consisted of guitarist Jimmy Page, singer Robert Plant, bassist and keyboardist John Paul Jones, and drummer John Bonham. The group's heavy, guitar-driven sound, rooted in blues on their early albums, has drawn them recognition as one of the progenitors of heavy metal, though their unique style drew from a wide variety of influences, including folk music.\nAfter changing their name from the New Yardbirds, Led Zeppelin signed a deal with Atlantic Records that afforded them considerable artistic freedom. Although the group was initially unpopular with critics, they achieved significant commercial success with albums such as Led Zeppelin, Led Zeppelin II, Led Zeppelin III, their untitled fourth album, Houses of the Holy, and Physical Graffiti. Their fourth album, which features the track \"Stairway to Heaven\", is among the most popular and influential works in rock music, and it helped to cement the popularity of the group.\nPage wrote most of the music early in Led Zeppelin's career, while Plant generally supplied the songs' lyrics. Jones' keyboard-based compositions later became central to the group's music, and their later albums featured greater experimentation. The latter half of the band's career saw a series of record-breaking tours that earned them a reputation for excess and debauchery. Although they remained commercially and critically successful, their output and touring schedule were limited in the late 1970s, and the group disbanded following Bonham's death from alcohol-related asphyxia in 1980. In the decades since, the surviving members have sporadically collaborated and participated in one-off Led Zeppelin reunions. The most successful of these was at the 2007 Ahmet Ertegun Tribute Concert in London, with Jason Bonham taking his late father's place behind the drums.
/m/02ln0f	The University of Cincinnati is a comprehensive public research university in Cincinnati, in the U.S. state of Ohio, and a part of the University System of Ohio.\nFounded in 1819 as Cincinnati College, it is the oldest institution of higher education in Cincinnati and has an annual enrollment of over 40,000 students, making it the second largest university in Ohio and one of the largest universities in the United States. In the 2010 survey by Times Higher Education, the university was ranked in the top 100 universities in North America and as one of the top 200 in the world. Beginning with the 2011 edition of US News and World Report Best Colleges rankings, the University of Cincinnati has been ranked as a Tier One university. This includes being the number 3 ranked university in the nation in the \"Up-and-Coming\" National Universities section of the 2014 edition. In 2011-2012 academic year the Leiden University ranking put the University of Cincinnati at the 93rd place globally and at the 63rd place in North America by the proportion of top-cited publications.\nThe university garners nearly $500 million per annum in research funding, ranking 22nd among public universities in the US. Numerous programs across the university are nationally ranked, including: aerospace engineering, anthropology, architecture, classics, composition, conducting, cooperative education, criminal justice, design, environmental science, law, medicine, music, musical theater, neurology, opera, otolaryngology, paleontology, pediatrics, and pharmacy.
/m/0dcfv	Sucrose is the organic compound commonly known as table sugar and sometimes called saccharose. A white, odorless, crystalline powder with a sweet taste, it is best known for its role in food. The molecule is a disaccharide composed of the monosaccharides glucose and fructose with the molecular formula C12H22O11. The word \"sucrose\" was coined in 1857 by the English chemist William Miller from the Latin sucrum = \"sugar\" and the chemical suffix -ose. The abbreviated term Suc is often used for sucrose in scientific literature.\nIn 2013, about 175 million metric tons of table sugar were produced world-wide.
/m/02rjv2w	Love Story is a 1970 romantic drama film written by Erich Segal, who also authored the best-selling novel of the same name. It was directed by Arthur Hiller and starred Ryan O'Neal and Ali MacGraw.\nA tragedy, the film is considered one of the most romantic of all time by the American Film Institute. It was followed by a sequel, Oliver's Story, starring O'Neal with Candice Bergen.\nLove Story also features John Marley and Ray Milland. It included the film debut of Tommy Lee Jones in a minor role.
/m/0kb1g	Sergeant York is a 1941 biographical film about the life of Alvin York, one of the most-decorated American soldier of World War I. It was directed by Howard Hawks and was the highest-grossing film of the year.\nThe film was based on the diary of Sergeant Alvin York, as edited by Tom Skeyhill, and adapted by Harry Chandlee, Abem Finkel, John Huston, Howard Koch, and Sam Cowan. York refused, several times, to authorize a film version of his life story, but finally yielded to persistent efforts in order to finance the creation of an interdenominational Bible school. The story, that York insisted on Gary Cooper for the title role, derives from the fact that producer Jesse L. Lasky recruited Cooper by writing a plea that he accept the role and then signed York's name to the telegram.\nCooper went on to win the Academy Award for Best Actor for his portrayal. The film also won for Best Film Editing and was nominated in nine other categories, including Best Picture, Director, Supporting Actor, and Supporting Actress. The American Film Institute ranked the film 57th in the its 100 most inspirational American movies. It also rated Alvin York 35th in its list of the top 50 heroes in American cinema.
/m/0lyb_	The Pulitzer Prize for Music is one of the seven American Pulitzer Prizes that are annually awarded for Letters, Drama, and Music. It was first awarded in 1943. Joseph Pulitzer did not call for such a prize in his will, but had arranged for a music scholarship to be awarded each year. This was eventually converted into a full-fledged prize: \"For a distinguished musical composition of significant dimension by an American that has had its first performance in the United States during the year.\" Because of the requirement that the composition had its world premiere during the year of its award, the winning work had rarely been recorded and sometimes had received only one performance. In 2004 the terms were modified to read: \"For a distinguished musical composition by an American that has had its first performance or recording in the United States during the year.\"
/m/03d1y3	Richard Brooks was an American screenwriter, film director, novelist and occasional film producer. His outstanding works as director are Blackboard Jungle, Cat on a Hot Tin Roof, Elmer Gantry – for which he won an Academy Award for Best Writing – In Cold Blood and Looking for Mr. Goodbar.
/m/0124ld	The 1952 Winter Olympics, officially known as the VI Olympic Winter Games, took place in Oslo, Norway, from 14 to 25 February. Discussions about Oslo hosting the Winter Olympic Games began as early as 1935; the city wanted to host the 1948 Games, but World War II made that impossible. Instead, Oslo won the right to host the 1952 Games in a contest that included Cortina d'Ampezzo in Italy and Lake Placid in the United States. All of the venues were in Oslo's metropolitan area except for the alpine skiing events, which were held at Norefjell, 113 km from the capital. A new hotel was built for the press and dignitaries, along with three dormitories to house athletes and coaches, creating the first modern athlete's village. The city of Oslo bore the financial burden of hosting the Games in return for the revenue they generated.\nThe Games attracted 694 athletes representing 30 countries, who participated in four sports and 22 events. Japan and Germany made their returns to winter Olympic competition, after being forced to miss the 1948 Games in the aftermath of World War II. Germany was represented solely by West German athletes because East Germany declined to compete as a unified team. Portugal and New Zealand made their Winter Olympic debuts, and for the first time women were allowed to compete in cross-country skiing.
/m/04xhwn	Clint Howard is an American actor. He is the younger brother of actor and director Ron Howard.
/m/024dw0	Robert Wyatt is an English musician, and founding member of the influential Canterbury scene band Soft Machine, with a long and distinguished solo career. He is married to English painter and songwriter Alfreda Benge.
/m/06k02	Ryuichi Sakamoto is a Japanese musician, activist, composer, record producer, writer, singer, pianist, and actor, based in Tokyo and New York. He began his career in 1978 as a member of the pioneering electronic music group Yellow Magic Orchestra, where he played keyboards and was an occasional vocalist. The band was an international success, with worldwide hits such as \"Computer Game / Firecracker\" and \"Behind the Mask\", the latter written and sung by Sakamoto.\nHe concurrently began pursuing a solo career, debuting with the experimental electronic fusion album The Thousand Knives of Ryūichi Sakamoto, and later released the pioneering album B-2 Unit, which included the electro classic \"Riot in Lagos\". After YMO disbanded in 1983, he produced more solo records, including collaborations with various international artists, through to the 1990s.\nHe began acting and composing for film with Merry Christmas Mr. Lawrence, which he starred in and composed the score for; the song \"Forbidden Colours\" which he composed for it became a worldwide hit, and he won a BAFTA Award for the film's score. He later won an Academy Award and Grammy Award for scoring The Last Emperor, and has also won two Golden Globe Awards for his work as a film composer. In addition, he also composed music for the 1992 Barcelona Olympics opening ceremony.
/m/03npn	Horror is a film genre seeking to elicit a negative emotional reaction from viewers by playing on the audience's primal fears. Horror films often feature scenes that startle the viewer; the macabre and the supernatural are frequent themes. Thus they may overlap with the fantasy, supernatural, and thriller genres.\nHorror films often deal with the viewer's nightmares, hidden fears, revulsions and terror of the unknown. Plots within the horror genre often involve the intrusion of an evil force, event, or personage, commonly of supernatural origin, into the everyday world. Prevalent elements include ghosts, aliens, vampires, werewolves, demons, gore, torture, vicious animals, monsters, zombies, cannibals, and serial killers. Conversely, movies about the supernatural are not necessarily always horrific.
/m/093g7v	Real Madrid Castilla is a Spanish football team that plays in Segunda División. It is Real Madrid's reserve team, and is therefore an integral part of Real Madrid's youth academy, La Fabrica. They play their home games at Alfredo di Stéfano Stadium.\nUnlike the English football league system, reserve teams in Spain play in the same league system as their senior team rather than a separate league. Reserve teams, however, cannot play in the same division as their senior team. Therefore, Real Madrid B are ineligible for promotion to the Primera División. Reserve teams are also no longer permitted to enter the Copa del Rey. In addition, only under-23 players, or under-25 players with a professional contract, can switch between senior and reserve teams.\nWhile a few players have gone on to establish themselves in the Real Madrid first team, several former Castilla players such as Ismael Urzaiz, Santiago Cañizares, Juan Mata, Álvaro Negredo, Mista, and Luis García have all moved on to successful careers with other clubs.
/m/07wlt	The University of Victoria, often referred to as UVic, a research intensive university located in Saanich and Oak Bay, 5.71 km northeast of downtown Victoria, British Columbia. The university's annual enrollment is about 20,000 students. UVic's campus is known for its innovative architecture, beautiful gardens and mild climate. The university was closely affiliated with and established by McGill University, which is also credited with the beginnings of the University of British Columbia.\nThe university attracts many students in part because of its size, its picturesque location, and its cooperative education, earth and ocean sciences, engineering, and law programs. The university is the nation's lead institution in the VENUS and NEPTUNE deep-water seafloor observatory projects.\nThe Victoria Vikes represent the university in the Canadian Interuniversity Sport community in a number of competitive sports, as well as through a variety of intercollegiate leagues. The Vikes have especially long and eminent ties to competitive rowing and basketball.\nIn the 2013-14 Times Higher Education World University Rankings, UVic is ranked 201-225, with its highest ranking being 130 in 2011. In the 2013 QS world rankings, it is ranked 321, with highest ranking being 292 in 2011. UVic places 8th in Canada in Times Higher Education ranking, and first place in Canada in the Times Higher Education’s 100-under-50 rankings. UVic was the top-ranked university in Canada without an autonomous medical school in the THE rankings. The university has also been home to more than 40 faculty members who are Fellows of the Royal Society of Canada since the University of Victoria's founding.
/m/033qxt	Mizrahi Jews or Mizrahim, also referred to as Adot HaMizrach, are Jews descended from local Jewish communities of the Middle East. The term Mizrahi is most commonly used in Israel to refer to Jews who trace their roots back to Muslim-majority countries. This includes descendants of Babylonian Jews from modern Iraq, Syria, Bahrain, Dagestan, Azerbaijan, Iran, Lebanon, Uzbekistan, Kurdish areas, Afghanistan and Pakistan. Yemenite and Georgian Jews are usually included within the Mizrahi Jews group. Some also expand the definition of Mizrahim to Maghrebi and Sephardic. Furthermore, some even reclassify the whole Israeli Jewish society as \"Mizrahi\" as compared with the Western Jews of Europe and the Americas.\nThe use of the term Mizrahi can be somewhat controversial. Before the establishment of the state of Israel, Mizrahi Jews did not identify themselves as a separate ethnic subgroup. Instead, Mizrahi Jews generally characterized themselves as Sephardi, because they follow the traditions of Sephardic Judaism. This has resulted in a conflation of terms, particularly in Israel, and in religious usage, where \"Sephardi\" is used in a broad sense to include Mizrahi Jews and Maghrebi Jews as well as Sephardim proper. Indeed, from the point of view of the official Israeli rabbinate, any rabbis of Mizrahi origin in Israel are under the jurisdiction of the Sephardi Chief Rabbi of Israel. Today Sephardic rite make up more than half of Israel's Jewish population, and Mizrahi Jews proper are a major part of them. Before the mass immigration of 1,000,000 from the former Soviet Union, mostly of Ashkenazi rite, followers of the Sephardic rite made up over 70% of Israel's Jewish population.
/m/026wp	Democracy is a form of government in which all eligible citizens participate equally—either directly or indirectly through elected representatives—in the proposal, development, and creation of laws. It encompasses social, economic and cultural conditions that enable the free and equal practice of political self-determination.\nThe term originates from the Greek δημοκρατία \"rule of the people\", which was coined from δῆμος \"people\" and κράτος \"power\" or \"rule\" in the 5th century BCE to denote the political systems then existing in Greek city-states, notably Athens; the term is an antonym to ἀριστοκρατία \"rule of an elite\". While theoretically these definitions are in opposition, in practice the distinction has been blurred historically. The political system of Classical Athens, for example, granted democratic citizenship to an elite class of free men and excluded slaves and women from political participation. In virtually all democratic governments throughout ancient and modern history, democratic citizenship consisted of an elite class until full enfranchisement was won for all adult citizens in most modern democracies through the suffrage movements of the 19th and 20th centuries. The English word dates to the 16th century, from the older Middle French and Middle Latin equivalents.
/m/092_25	The winners and nominees of the 6th Screen Actors Guild Awards.
/m/0fczy	Niagara County is a county located in the U.S. state of New York. As of the 2010 census, the population was 216,469. The county seat is Lockport. The county name is from the Iroquois word Onguiaahra; meaning the strait or thunder of waters. It is the location of Niagara Falls and Fort Niagara, and has many parks and lake shore recreation communities. In the Summer of 2008 Niagara County celebrated its 200th Birthday with the first town of the county, Town of Cambria.\nNiagara County is part of the Buffalo–Niagara Falls Metropolitan Statistical Area. Its Canadian border is the province of Ontario.
/m/07wlf	The University of Utah is a public coeducational space-grant research university in Salt Lake City, Utah, United States. As the state's flagship university, the university offers more than 100 undergraduate majors and more than 92 graduate degree programs. Graduate studies include the S.J. Quinney College of Law and the School of Medicine, Utah's only medical school. As of Autumn 2012, there are 24,840 undergraduate students and 7,548 graduate students, for an enrollment total of 32,388; with 83% coming from Utah and 9% coming from foreign countries. Just over 10% of students live on campus.\nThe university's athletic teams, the Utes, participate in NCAA Division I athletics as a member of the Pacific-12 Conference. Its football team has received national attention in recent years for winning the 2005 Fiesta Bowl and the 2009 Sugar Bowl.\nThe university was established in 1850 as the University of Deseret by the General Assembly of the provisional State of Deseret, making it Utah's oldest institution of higher education. It received its current name in 1892, four years before Utah attained statehood, and moved to its current location in 1900.
/m/0366c	Guernsey, officially the Bailiwick of Guernsey, is a British Crown dependency in the English Channel off the coast of Normandy. As a bailiwick, Guernsey embraces not only all ten parishes on the Island of Guernsey, but also the islands of Alderney and Sark – each with its own parliament – and the smaller islands of Herm, Jethou and Lihou. Although its defence is the responsibility of the United Kingdom, the Bailiwick is not part of the United Kingdom but rather a possession of the British Crown. It lies within the Common Travel Area of the British Isles and is not a member of the European Union, but has a special relationship with it, being treated as part of the European Community for the purposes of free trade in goods. Together, the Bailiwick of Guernsey and Bailiwick of Jersey form the geographical grouping known as the Channel Islands.
/m/0gwf191	Think Like a Man is a 2012 ensemble American romantic comedy film directed by Tim Story, written by Keith Marryman and David A. Newman, and based on Steve Harvey's 2009 book Act Like a Lady, Think Like a Man. The film was released on April 20, 2012 by Screen Gems Pictures.
/m/01g5kv	Amber Nicole Benson is an American actress, writer, film director, and film producer. She is best known for her role as Tara Maclay on the TV series Buffy the Vampire Slayer, but has also directed, produced and starred in her own films Chance and Lovers, Liars & Lunatics. She also co-directed the film Drones with fellow Buffy cast member Adam Busch.
/m/024_41	The Grammy Award for Best Orchestral Performance has been awarded since 1959. There have been several minor changes to the name of the award over this time:\nFrom 1959 to 1964 it was awarded as Best Classical Performance - Orchestra\nIn 1965 it was Best Performance - Orchestra\nFrom 1966 to 1975 it returned to 'Best Classical Performance - Orchestra\nFrom 1977 to 1978 it was awarded as Best Classical Orchestral Performance\nFrom 1980 to 1981 it was awarded as Best Classical Orchestral Recording\nIn 1983 it was awarded as Best Orchestral Performance\nIn 1984 it was awarded as Best Orchestral Recording\nFrom 1985 to 1987 it returned to being called Best Classical Orchestral Recording\nFrom 1988 to 1989 it was once again called Best Orchestral Recording\nFrom 1990 to the present it has returned to being called Best Orchestral Performance\nYears reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were presented, for works released in the previous year.\nAccording to the official Final Nominations List issued by the National Academy of Recording Arts & Sciences, the Grammy is awarded to the conductor and to the orchestra. However, the Past Winners List on the official NARAS site lists the conductor, the engineer and producer as winners.
/m/027m5wv	The Shipping News is a 2001 drama film directed by Lasse Hallström, based on the Pulitzer Prize-winning novel by E. Annie Proulx.\nIt stars Kevin Spacey as the protagonist Quoyle, Judi Dench as Agnis Hamm, and Julianne Moore as Wavey Prowse. It also stars Pete Postlethwaite, Scott Glenn, Rhys Ifans, Cate Blanchett, Jason Behr, and Gordon Pinsent.
/m/0245zn	A National Historic Landmark is a building, site, structure, or object that is officially recognized by the United States government for its national-level historical significance. Out of more than 85,000 places on the National Register of Historic Places only about 2,500 are NHLs.\nA National Historic Landmark District is a historic district that has received similar recognition. The district may include contributing properties that are buildings, structures, sites or objects, and it may include non-contributing properties. Contributing properties may or may not also be separately listed.
/m/017g21	George Roger Waters is an English musician, singer, songwriter and composer. In 1965, he co-founded the progressive rock band Pink Floyd with drummer Nick Mason, keyboardist Richard Wright and guitarist, singer and songwriter Syd Barrett. Waters initially served as the group's bassist and co-lead vocalist, but following the departure of Barrett in 1968, he also became their lyricist and conceptual leader.\nPink Floyd subsequently achieved international success with the concept albums The Dark Side of the Moon, Wish You Were Here, Animals, The Wall and The Final Cut. By the early 1980s, they had become one of the most critically acclaimed and best-selling acts in the history of popular music; as of 2013, they have sold more than 250 million albums worldwide, including 74.5 million units sold in the United States. Amid creative differences within the group, Waters left in 1985 and began a legal dispute with the remaining members over their intended use of the band's name and material. They settled out of court in 1987, and nearly eighteen years had passed before he performed with them again.\nWaters' solo career has included three studio albums: The Pros and Cons of Hitch Hiking, Radio K.A.O.S. and Amused to Death. In 1990, he staged one of the largest and most extravagant rock concerts in history, The Wall – Live in Berlin, with an official attendance of 200,000. In 1996, he was inducted into the US and the UK Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of Pink Floyd. In 2005, he released Ça Ira, an opera in three acts translated from Étienne and Nadine Roda-Gils' libretto about the French Revolution. Later that year, he reunited with Pink Floyd bandmates Mason, Wright and David Gilmour for the Live 8 global awareness event; it was the group's first appearance with Waters since 1981. He has toured extensively as a solo act since 1999 and played The Dark Side of the Moon in its entirety for his world tour of 2006–2008. In 2010, he began The Wall Live and in 2011 Gilmour and Mason appeared with him during a performance of the double album in London. As of 2013, the tour is the highest-grossing of all time by a solo artist.
/m/0cv1w	Howard County is a county located in the central part of the U.S. state of Maryland, between Baltimore and Washington, D.C. It is considered part of the Baltimore-Washington Metropolitan Area. Its county seat is Ellicott City. As of the 2010 census, the population was 287,085. The center of population of Maryland is located in the Howard County town of Jessup.\nDue to the proximity of Howard County's population centers to Baltimore, the county has traditionally been considered a part of the Baltimore Metropolitan Area. Recent development in the south of the county has led to some realignment towards the Washington, D.C. media and employment markets. The county is also home to Columbia, a major planned community of approximately 100,000 founded by developer James Rouse in 1967.\nHoward County is frequently cited for its affluence, quality of life, and excellent schools. With a median family income of $125,152 in 2012, Howard County was ranked the second wealthiest county by median household income in the United States by the U.S. Census Bureau in 2013. Many of the most affluent communities in the Baltimore-Washington Metropolitan Area, such as Clarksville, Dayton, Glenelg, Glenwood and West Friendship, are located along the Route 32 corridor in Howard County. The main population center of Columbia/Ellicott City was named second among Money magazine's 2010 survey of \"America's Best Places to Live.\" Howard County's schools frequently rank first in Maryland as measured by standardized test scores and graduation rates.
/m/016vg8	Heather Joan Graham is an American actress. After starring in various commercials, her first starring role came in 1988 with the teen comedy License to Drive, followed by her breakout role in Gus Van Sant's critically acclaimed 1989 film Drugstore Cowboy. She then played a number of supporting roles in films such as Shout, Six Degrees of Separation, Swingers and in the television series Twin Peaks and its prequel film Fire Walk with Me before gaining critical praise as porn starlet Brandi/Rollergirl in Paul Thomas Anderson's Boogie Nights. In 1999, she co-starred in Bowfinger and Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me.\nIn the 2000s, Graham starred in a number of movies ranging from studio films to major films like Committed, Say It Isn't So, Anger Management, Mary, Gray Matters, The Hangover and The Hangover Part III. She also had a role in the TV series Scrubs in 2004, before starring as the title character in the short-lived Emily's Reasons Why Not in 2006. Widely regarded as a sex symbol, she often appears in magazines' Most Beautiful and Sexiest lists Graham is also a public advocate for Children International, and supported the climate change campaign Global Cool in 2007.
/m/09cn0c	The New York Film Critics Circle Award for Best Actress is one of the awards given by the New York Film Critics Circle to honor the finest achievements in filmmaking.
/m/01_k1z	George Andrew Romero is an American-Canadian film director, film producer, screenwriter and editor, best known for his series of gruesome and satirical horror films about a hypothetical zombie apocalypse, beginning with Night of the Living Dead.
/m/0gs5q	John Ray Grisham, Jr. is an American lawyer, politician, and author, best known for his popular legal thrillers.\nJohn Grisham graduated from Mississippi State University before attending the University of Mississippi School of Law in 1981 and practiced criminal law for about a decade. He also served in the House of Representatives in Mississippi from January 1984 to September 1990. He began writing his first novel, A Time to Kill, in 1984, and it was published in June 1989.\nAs of 2012, his books had sold over 275 million copies worldwide. A Galaxy British Book Awards winner, Grisham is one of only three authors to sell 2 million copies on a first printing, the others being Tom Clancy and J.K. Rowling.\nGrisham's first bestseller was The Firm. Released in 1991, it sold more than seven million copies. The book was later adapted into a feature film, of the same name starring Tom Cruise in 1993, and a TV series in 2012 which \"continues the story of attorney Mitchell McDeere and his family 10 years after the events of the film and novel.\" Eight of his other novels have also been adapted into films: The Chamber, The Client, A Painted House, The Pelican Brief, Skipping Christmas, The Rainmaker, The Runaway Jury, and A Time to Kill. His books have been translated into 29 languages and published worldwide.
/m/025rcc	The University of Portland is a private Roman Catholic university located in Portland, Oregon, United States. It is affiliated with the Congregation of Holy Cross, which also founded UP's sister school the University of Notre Dame. Founded in 1901, UP has a student body of about 3,537 students. It is widely known for its women's soccer program, which won the 2002 and 2005 Division I NCAA Women's Soccer Championships. UP is ranked 8th in the west for Regional Universities byU.S. News and World Report.\nThe campus is located in the University Park neighborhood near St. Johns, on a bluff overlooking the Willamette River. With a college of arts and sciences; a graduate school; and schools of business, education, engineering, and nursing, it is the only comprehensive Catholic University in Oregon. It is the largest corporation in North Portland and has an annual economic impact on Portland of some $170 million. More than 13,000 alumni live in the Portland metropolitan area.
/m/0qpsn	Tempe, also known as Hayden's Ferry during the territorial times of Arizona, is a city in Maricopa County, Arizona, USA, with the Census Bureau reporting a 2010 population of 161,719. The city is named after the Vale of Tempe in Greece. Tempe is located in the East Valley section of metropolitan Phoenix; it is bordered by Phoenix and Guadalupe on the west, Scottsdale on the north, Chandler on the south, and Mesa on the east. Tempe is the location of US Airways Group's corporate headquarters, and the home of Arizona State University.
/m/0cnl80	Phyllis Smith is an American actress. She is best known for playing Phyllis Lapin-Vance on The Office.
/m/02cw1m	The Hollies are an English rock group known for their pioneering and distinctive three part vocal harmony style. The Hollies became one of the leading British groups of the 1960s and into the mid 1970s. Formed by Allan Clarke and Graham Nash in late 1962 as a Merseybeat type music group in Manchester, although some of the band members came from towns north of there. Graham Nash left the group in 1968 to form the super group Crosby, Stills & Nash.\nThey enjoyed considerable popularity in many countries, although they did not achieve major US chart success until 1966 with \"Bus Stop\". The Hollies had over 30 charting singles on the UK Singles Chart, and 22 on the Billboard Hot 100, with major hits on both sides of the Atlantic that included \"Just One Look\", \"Look Through Any Window\", \"Bus Stop\", \"I Can't Let Go\", \"On a Carousel\", \"Stop Stop Stop\", \"Carrie Anne\", \"Jennifer Eccles\", and later \"He Ain't Heavy, He's My Brother\", \"Long Cool Woman in a Black Dress\" and \"The Air That I Breathe\".
/m/02_cx_	East Tennessee State University is an accredited American university located in Johnson City, Tennessee. It is part of the Tennessee Board of Regents system of colleges and universities, the nation's sixth largest system of public education, and is the fourth largest university in the state. ETSU has off-campus centers in nearby Kingsport and Elizabethton, Tennessee.\nListed by The Princeton Review as one of America’s Best Value Colleges, ETSU has a host of programs that benefit both the region and nation, including the Quillen College of Medicine, consistently ranked as one of the top schools nationwide for rural medicine and primary care education, the Bill Gatton College of Pharmacy, the College of Nursing, the College of Public Health, and the recently formed College of Clinical and Rehabilitative Health Sciences. Unique programs include a nationally acclaimed and accredited program in Bluegrass, Old Time, and Country Music, the nation's lone master's degree in Storytelling, and the Appalachian Studies programs, focused on the surrounding Appalachian region.\nETSU had a record enrollment of over 15,000 students in Fall 2010. In 2011, ETSU had its 100th anniversary.
/m/0lsxr	Crime fiction is the literary genre that fictionalises crimes, their detection, criminals and their motives. It is usually distinguished from mainstream fiction and other genres such as science fiction or historical fiction, but boundaries can be, and indeed are, blurred. It has several sub-genres, including detective fiction, legal thriller, courtroom drama and hard-boiled fiction.\nIn Italy people commonly call a story about detectives or crimes \"giallo\", because books of crime fiction have usually had a yellow cover since the thirties.
/m/0np9r	Voice acting is the art of providing voices for animated characters and radio and audio dramas and comedy, as well as doing voice-overs in radio and television commercials, audio dramas, dubbed foreign language films, video games, puppet shows, and amusement rides.\nPerformers are called voice actors/actresses, voice artists or simply voice talent, and their roles may also involve singing, although a second voice actor is sometimes cast as the character's singing voice.\nVoice artists are also used to record the individual sample fragments played back by a computer in an automated announcement. At its simplest, this is just a short phrase which is played back as necessary, e.g. the Mind the gap announcement introduced by London Underground in 1969. In a more complicated system such as a speaking clock, the voice artist usually doesn't actually record 1,440 different announcements, one for each minute of the day, or even 60, instead the announcement is re-assembled from fragments such as \"minutes past\" \"eighteen\" and \"p.m.\" For example, the word \"twelve\" can be used for both \"Twelve O'Clock\" and \"Six Twelve.\" For some automated applications, such as London Underground's Mind the gap announcement, the sound of a voice artist may be preferred over synthesized voices because the human voices sound more natural to the listener.
/m/0gpprt	Thomas Joseph McCarthy is an American actor, writer, and film director who has appeared in several movies, including Meet the Parents and Good Night, and Good Luck, and television shows such as The Wire, Boston Public, Law & Order, and the Hallmark Hall of Fame presentation of Saint Maybe. McCarthy has received critical acclaim for his writing/direction work for the independent films The Station Agent, The Visitor, and Win Win.
/m/02tb17	Rosario is the largest city in the province of Santa Fe, in central Argentina. It is located 300 km northwest of Buenos Aires, on the western shore of the Paraná River. Rosario is the third most populous city in the country and is also the most populous non-capital city in Argentina, with a growing and important metropolitan area; Greater Rosario has an estimated population of 1,276,000 as of 2012. One of its main attractions includes the neoclassical architecture that has been retained over the centuries in hundreds of residences, houses, and public buildings.\nRosario is the head city of the Rosario Department and is located at the heart of the major industrial corridor in Argentina. The city is a major railroad terminal and the shipping center for northeastern Argentina. Ships reach the city via the Paraná River, which allows the existence of a 34 feet deep port. The Port of Rosario is subject to silting and must be dredged periodically. Exports include wheat, flour, hay, linseed and other vegetable oils, corn, sugar, lumber, meat, hides, and wool. Manufactured goods include flour, sugar, meat products, and other foodstuffs. The Rosario-Victoria Bridge, opened in 2004, spans the Paraná River, connecting Rosario with the city of Victoria, across the Paraná Delta. Because it plays a critical role in agricultural commerce, the city finds itself at the center of a continuing debate over taxes levied on big-ticket agricultural goods such as soy.
/m/05lnk0	Tom DeFalco is an American comics writer and editor, well known for his association with Marvel Comics and in particular for his work with Spider-Man.
/m/0gnbw	Sir Michael Caine, CBE is an English actor and author. Renowned for his distinctive Cockney accent, Caine has appeared in over 115 films and is one of the UK's most recognisable actors.\nHe made his breakthrough in the 1960s with starring roles in a number of acclaimed British films, including Zulu, The Ipcress File, Alfie, for which he was nominated for an Academy Award, The Italian Job, and Battle of Britain. His most notable roles in the 1970s included Get Carter, Sleuth, for which he earned his second Academy Award nomination, The Man Who Would Be King, and A Bridge Too Far. He achieved some of his greatest critical success in the 1980s, with Educating Rita earning him the BAFTA and Golden Globe Award for Best Actor. In 1986 he received an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his performance in Woody Allen's Hannah and Her Sisters.\nCaine played Ebenezer Scrooge in The Muppet Christmas Carol. Having by that time practically retired from acting on the big screen, he enjoyed a career resurgence in the late 1990s receiving his second Golden Globe Award for his performance in Little Voice in 1998 and receiving his second Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for The Cider House Rules the following year. Caine played Nigel Powers in the 2002 parody Austin Powers in Goldmember, and more recently portrayed Alfred Pennyworth, the butler in Christopher Nolan's The Dark Knight Trilogy. He also appeared as a supporting character in Alfonso Cuaron's Children of Men, Nolan's 2006 film The Prestige, the 2010 film Inception and Pixar's 2011 film Cars 2.
/m/0pf2	Applied mathematics is a branch of mathematics that concerns itself with mathematical methods that are typically used in science, engineering, business, and industry. Thus, \"applied mathematics\" is a mathematical science with specialized knowledge. The term \"applied mathematics\" also describes the professional specialty in which mathematicians work on practical problems; as a profession focused on practical problems, applied mathematics focuses on the formulation and study of mathematical models. In the past, practical applications have motivated the development of mathematical theories, which then became the subject of study in pure mathematics, where mathematics is developed primarily for its own sake. Thus, the activity of applied mathematics is vitally connected with research in pure mathematics.
/m/0p3sf	Sun Ra was a prolific jazz composer, bandleader, piano and synthesizer player, poet and philosopher known for his \"cosmic philosophy,\" musical compositions and performances. He was born in Birmingham, Alabama. He is a 1979 inductee of the Alabama Jazz Hall of Fame.\n\"Of all the jazz musicians, Sun Ra was probably the most controversial,\" critic Scott Yanow said, because of Sun Ra's eclectic music and unorthodox lifestyle. Claiming that he was of the \"Angel Race\" and not from Earth, but from Saturn, Sun Ra developed a complex persona using \"cosmic\" philosophies and lyrical poetry that made him a pioneer of afrofuturism. He preached awareness and peace above all. He abandoned his birth name and took on the name and persona of Sun Ra, and used several other names throughout his career, including Le Sonra and Sonny Lee. Sun Ra denied any connection with his birth name, saying \"That's an imaginary person, never existed … Any name that I use other than Ra is a pseudonym.\"\nFrom the mid-1950s to his death, Sun Ra led \"The Arkestra\", an ensemble with an ever-changing lineup and name. It was by turns called \"The Solar Myth Arkestra\", \"His Cosmo Discipline Arkestra\", the \"Blue Universe Arkestra\", \"The Jet Set Omniverse Arkestra\", and many other variations. Sun Ra asserted that the ever-changing name of his ensemble reflected the ever-changing nature of his music. His mainstream success was limited, but Sun Ra was a prolific recording artist and frequent live performer. His music ranged from keyboard solos to big bands of over 30 musicians and touched on virtually the entire history of jazz, from ragtime to swing music, from bebop to free jazz. He was also a pioneer of electronic music and space music. He also used free improvisation and was one of the early musicians to make extensive use of electronic keyboards.
/m/0mww2	Centre County is a county located in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2010 census, the population was 153,990. Its county seat is Bellefonte. It is part of the State College, Pennsylvania Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/016ntp	Polly Jean Harvey MBE is an English musician, singer-songwriter, composer and occasional artist. Primarily known as a vocalist and guitarist, she is also proficient with a wide range of instruments including piano, organ, bass, saxophone, harmonica, and most recently, the autoharp.\nHarvey began her career in 1988 when she joined local band Automatic Dlamini as a vocalist and saxophone player. The band's frontman, John Parish, would become her long-term collaborator. In 1991, she formed an eponymous trio and subsequently began her professional career. The trio released two studio albums, Dry and Rid of Me before disbanding, after which Harvey continued as a solo artist. Since 1995, she has released a further six studio albums with collaborations from various musicians including John Parish, former bandmate Rob Ellis, Mick Harvey, and Eric Drew Feldman and has also worked extensively with record producer Flood.\nAmong the accolades she has received are the 2001 and 2011 Mercury Prize for Stories from the City, Stories from the Sea and Let England Shake respectively—the only artist to have been awarded the prize twice—eight BRIT Award nominations, six Grammy Award nominations and two further Mercury Prize nominations. Rolling Stone awarded her 1992's Best New Artist and Best Singer Songwriter and 1995's Artist of the Year, and listed Rid of Me, To Bring You My Love and Stories from the City, Stories from the Sea on its 500 Greatest Albums of All Time list. In 2011, she was awarded for Outstanding Contribution To Music at the NME Awards. In June 2013, she was awarded an MBE for services to music.
/m/026w_gk	Jeffrey Wayne \"Jeff\" Richmond is an American composer, actor, director, and television producer. Richmond produced, composed the music for, and directed some episodes of 30 Rock, a sitcom created by and starring his wife, Tina Fey.
/m/0hh2s	Breakbeat can refer to two distinct but related things: It is both an electronic music genre and the distinct percussive rhythm from which this genre takes its name, usually characterized by the use of a non-straightened 4/4 drum pattern. These rhythms may be characterized by their intensive use of syncopation and polyrhythms. Both meanings are closely connected to hip hop and b-boying.\nAs a musical device, breakbeats have been known and used for almost a hundred years, but the name and modern meaning of the term traces its origins to the rise of hip hop in the United States in the 1970s. The eponymous electronic music genre is widely regarded as a derivative of the United Kingdom's early rave music, where breakbeats were added to the music to form what became known as breakbeat hardcore. However, breakbeats had been used by American hip hop DJs and turntablists in instrumental sets well before the advent of rave in the UK, and it could be argued that the two scenes developed in parallel.\nToday, breakbeat lives on in the form of strong regional scenes in the US and UK. Breakbeats are frequently used in the production of such diverse music genres as hip hop, jungle or drum and bass, hardcore, UK garage and even pop and rock. Since the 1990s, breakbeat has been used extensively as background music to TV adverts as well as in action film soundtracks, especially in the form of big beat.
/m/05m0h	Oliver Cromwell was an English military and political leader and later Lord Protector of the Commonwealth of England, Scotland and Ireland.\nBorn into the middle gentry, Cromwell was relatively obscure for the first 40 years of his life. After undergoing a religious conversion in the 1630s, he became an independent puritan, taking a generally tolerant view towards the many Protestant sects of his period. An intensely religious man—a self-styled Puritan Moses—he fervently believed that God was guiding his victories. He was elected Member of Parliament for Huntingdon in 1628 and for Cambridge in the Short and Long Parliaments. He entered the English Civil War on the side of the \"Roundheads\" or Parliamentarians. Nicknamed \"Old Ironsides\", he was quickly promoted from leading a single cavalry troop to become one of the principal commanders of the New Model Army, playing an important role in the defeat of the royalist forces.\nCromwell was one of the signatories of King Charles I's death warrant in 1649, and, as a member of the Rump Parliament, he dominated the short-lived Commonwealth of England. He was selected to take command of the English campaign in Ireland in 1649–50. Cromwell's forces defeated the Confederate and Royalist coalition in Ireland and occupied the country – bringing to an end the Irish Confederate Wars. During this period a series of Penal Laws were passed against Roman Catholics, and a substantial amount of their land was confiscated. Cromwell also led a campaign against the Scottish army between 1650 and 1651.
/m/01nhkxp	Linda Perry is an American rock musician, songwriter, and record producer. Once known as the lead singer and primary songwriter of 4 Non Blondes, Perry has founded two record labels, composing and producing hit songs for several other successful female singers. They include Pink, whom she mentored, and who had a Number 1 hit with Perry's \"Get the Party Started\". Others include Christina Aguilera, Gwen Stefani, Adam Lambert's \"A Loaded Smile\" and Grace Slick. Perry has also contributed heavily to albums by Courtney Love and Kelly Osbourne as well as signing and distributing James Blunt in the United States.
/m/031vy_	Presidency University, Kolkata, formerly Hindu College and Presidency College, is a public state university located in Kolkata, West Bengal.\nIt was established in 1817, making it one of the oldest educational institutions of western education in South Asia. It was founded by Raja Ram Mohan Roy, and a number of other eminent personalities of Bengal, such as Raja Radhakanta Deb, Maharaja Tejchandra Ray of Burdwan, David Hare, Justice Sir Edward Hyde East, Prasanna Coomar Tagore and Babu Buddinath Mukherjee.\nInitially established as the Mahapathshala wing of Hindu College, it was renamed Presidency College, i.e. the college of the Bengal Presidency, in 1855. In 2010, under the Chief Ministership of Shri Buddhadeb Bhattacharya, a former student of the college, it was upgraded to the status of a full university by the Presidency University Act, 2010 passed in the West Bengal Legislative Assembly. The Governor of West Bengal, Shri M.K. Narayanan, gave his consent to the bill on 7 July 2010.\nThe longest serving Principal of Presidency College was J. Sutcliff, who was its Principal intermittently for 20 years, from 1852-1875. He was the Principal of the college when the college was renamed in 1855 and the new building at 86/1, College Street was built a few years later. The first Indian Principal of the college was Prasanna Kumar Ray and the first Indian Principal of the college was B.M. Sen.
/m/022q4j	Cesar Julio Romero, Jr. was an American actor who was active in film, radio, and television for almost sixty years. His wide range of screen roles included Latin lovers, historical figures in costume dramas, characters in light domestic comedies, and as the Joker in the Batman television series, which was included in TV Guide's 2013 list of The 60 Nastiest Villains of All Time.
/m/024tv_	Pakistan People's Party is a centre-left, progressive, and social democratic political party in Pakistan. Affiliated with the Socialist International, its political philosophy and position, in the country's political spectrum, is considered centre-left. Since its foundation in 1967, it had been a major and influential political force in the country and its party's leadership has been dominated by the members of the Bhutto-Zardari family. Its centre of gravity lies in the southern province of Sindh.\nSince its formation in 1967, the PPP has been voted into power on five separate occasions. Once regarded as the most influential political party in the country, the party performed poorly and failed to secure even a single seat from the Balochistan, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, and the tribal areas; the party has been reduced to its stronghold of Sindh Province. During the general elections held in 2013, the PPP secured 44 seats from Sindh—its lowest total and its worst defeat since 1997 general elections. Pakistan Peoples Party won 33 seats from Sindh, its home province, whereas three seats in Punjab 2 from Rahimyar Khan and the third one was won in a by election from Muzzaffargarh. It is currently the opposition party in the National Assembly and ruling party in Sindh, Azad Kashmir and Gilgit-Baltistan.
/m/03cprft	Satyen Kappu, also credited as Satyendra Kapoor, was an Indian character actor in Bollywood films. His most remembered role is Ramlal in movie Sholay and as Amitabh Bachchan's father in Yash Chopra's Deewaar. His other notable films are, Kati Patang, Yaadon Ki Baraat, Khote Sikkay, Don, Raaste Ka Patthar, Benaam, Zanjeer, Majboor, Namak Halaal, Kaala Patthar, and Mr. Natwarlal.
/m/0301yj	Peter Killian Gallagher is an American actor, musician and writer. Since 1980, Gallagher has played roles in numerous Hollywood films. He starred as Sandy Cohen in the television drama series The O.C. from 2003 to 2007. He currently appears in a recurring role on the USA Network drama Covert Affairs, as CIA Clandestine Services Director Arthur Campbell.
/m/0cfs8	A cathedral is a Christian church which contains the seat of a bishop, thus serving as the central church of a diocese, conference, or episcopate. Although the word \"cathedral\" is sometimes loosely applied, churches with the function of \"cathedral\" occur specifically and only in those denominations with an episcopal hierarchy, such as the Roman Catholic, Anglican, Orthodox, and some Lutheran and Methodist churches. In the Greek Orthodox Church, the terms kathedrikos naos is sometimes used for the church at which an archbishop or \"metropolitan\" presides. The term \"metropolis\" is used more commonly than \"diocese\" to signify an area of governance within the church.\nThere are certain variations on the use of the term \"cathedral\"; for example, some pre-Reformation cathedrals in Scotland now within the Church of Scotland still retain the term cathedral, despite that church's Presbyterian polity that does not have bishops. The same occurs in Germany, where Protestant churches co-operate under an umbrella organisation, the Evangelical Church in Germany, with some retaining cathedrals or using the term as a merely honorary title and function, void of any hierarchical supremacy. As cathedrals are often particularly impressive edifices, the term \"cathedral\" is often applied colloquially to any large and impressive church, regardless of whether it functions as a cathedral, such as the Crystal Cathedral in California or figuratively to imply that a church is of outstanding beauty such as St John the Baptist, Tideswell, known as the \"Cathedral of the Peak\".
/m/0ffjqy	Croatian Americans are Americans of Croatian descent.
/m/017g2y	Edward Goldenberg Robinson was a Romanian-born American actor. A popular star during Hollywood's Golden Age, he is best remembered for his roles as gangsters, such as Rico in his star-making film Little Caesar and as Rocco in Key Largo.\nOther memorable roles include insurance investigator Barton Keyes in the film noir Double Indemnity, Dathan in The Ten Commandments, and his final performance as Sol Roth in the science-fiction story Soylent Green.\nRobinson was selected for an Honorary Academy Award for his work in the film industry, which was posthumously awarded two months after the actor's death in 1973. He was included at #24 in the American Film Institute's list of the 25 greatest male stars in American cinema.
/m/02lq10	Michael York, OBE is an English actor.
/m/09v478h	The Hong Kong Film Award for Best Supporting Actress is an annual Hong Kong industry award presented to an actress for the best performance by an actress in a supporting role.
/m/02_0d2	Zachary Knight \"Zach\" Galifianakis is a Greek American stand-up comedian and actor known for his numerous film and television appearances including his own Comedy Central Presents special. He has garnered attention for his role as Alan Garner in The Hangover trilogy, directed by Todd Phillips and in the road trip comedy Due Date.
/m/026670	Paul Thomas Anderson is an American film director, screenwriter, and producer. Interested in film-making at a young age, Anderson was encouraged by his father Ernie Anderson to become a filmmaker. Anderson is often considered to be one of the greatest and most distinctive filmmakers of his generation, initially being praised as a wunderkind after the release of Boogie Nights and Magnolia.\nIn 1993, he wrote and directed a short film titled Cigarettes & Coffee on a budget of $20,000. After he attended the Sundance Institute, Anderson had a deal with Rysher Entertainment to direct his first feature film, Hard Eight, in 1996. Anderson received critical and commercial success for his film Boogie Nights, set during the Golden Age of Porn in the 1970s and 1980s. His third feature, Magnolia, received wide acclaim despite struggling at the box office.\nIn 2002, Punch-Drunk Love, Anderson's fourth feature, was released to positive reviews. After a five-year absence, There Will Be Blood was released to critical acclaim in 2007. It is Anderson's highest-grossing film to date and is considered by many critics to be one of the greatest films of the 2000s. In 2012, Anderson's sixth film, The Master, was released to critical acclaim. His planned seventh film, Inherent Vice, based on the novel of the same name by Thomas Pynchon, is scheduled for release in 2014.
/m/0bdgp	Renaissance architecture is the architecture of the period between the early 15th and early 17th centuries in different regions of Europe, demonstrating a conscious revival and development of certain elements of ancient Greek and Roman thought and material culture. Stylistically, Renaissance architecture followed Gothic architecture and was succeeded by Baroque architecture. Developed first in Florence, with Filippo Brunelleschi as one of its innovators, the Renaissance style quickly spread to other Italian cities. The style was carried to France, Germany, England, Russia and other parts of Europe at different dates and with varying degrees of impact.\nRenaissance style places emphasis on symmetry, proportion, geometry and the regularity of parts as they are demonstrated in the architecture of classical antiquity and in particular ancient Roman architecture, of which many examples remained. Orderly arrangements of columns, pilasters and lintels, as well as the use of semicircular arches, hemispherical domes, niches and aedicules replaced the more complex proportional systems and irregular profiles of medieval buildings.
/m/04xzm	Mao Zedong, also transliterated as Mao Tse-tung, and commonly referred to as Chairman Mao, was a Chinese communist revolutionary and a founding father of the People's Republic of China, which he governed as Chairman of the Communist Party of China from its establishment in 1949 until his death. His Marxist-Leninist theories, military strategies and political policies are collectively known as Maoism.\nBorn the son of a wealthy farmer in Shaoshan, Hunan, Mao adopted a Chinese nationalist and anti-imperialist outlook in early life, particularly influenced by the events of the Xinhai Revolution of 1911 and May Fourth Movement of 1919. Mao converted to Marxism-Leninism while working at Peking University and became a founding member of the Communist Party of China, leading the Autumn Harvest Uprising in 1927. During the Chinese Civil War between the Kuomingtang and the CPC, Mao helped to found the Red Army, led the Jiangxi Soviet's radical land policies and ultimately became head of the CPC during the Long March. Although the CPC temporarily allied with the KMT under the United Front during the Second Sino-Japanese War, after Japan's defeat China's civil war resumed and in 1949 Mao's forces defeated the Nationalists who withdrew to Taiwan.
/m/03csqj4	Gene Callahan was an American art director as well as set and production designer who contributed to over fifty films and more than a thousand TV episodes. He received nominations for the British Academy Film Award and four Oscars, including two wins.\nA native of Louisiana, Eugene F. Callahan had a lifelong association with the state. He kept a home in the capital, Baton Rouge, where he began his designing career in the 1940s as a student at Louisiana State University, and his penultimate film assignment was as production designer on Steel Magnolias, lensed in Natchitoches in 1989.\nCallahan was a prolific contributor to early television, starting with the first full-schedule broadcast season in 1948–49. He worked on numerous live shows during TV's Golden Age and continued with filmed episodes through the late 1950s and early 60s. His first film as set decorator was 1959's The Fugitive Kind, and his fourth assignment, 1961's black-and-white The Hustler brought him his first Academy Award. 1964 was a banner year for him with two Oscar nominations—The Cardinal in the color category and America, America in the category for black-and-white films, with the latter winning him his second Oscar. Unlike the 1962 win for The Hustler, which he shared with production designer Harry Horner or his shared nomination for The Cardinal with production designer Lyle Wheeler, the award for America, America, was his alone. Elia Kazan's acclaimed epic set in turn-of-the-century Greece and Turkey was nominated for Best Picture and Best Director, but it was Callahan's epic production values that won the film's only Oscar.
/m/03q3x5	Jessica Walter is an American actress, known for the films Play Misty for Me, Grand Prix, and for her role as Lucille Bluth on the sitcom Arrested Development. She was a series regular for the first half of season one of 90210 as Tabitha Wilson, provided the voice of the character Fran Sinclair in the TV series Dinosaurs, and starred as the title character of the television series Amy Prentiss for which she won the Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Miniseries or TV Movie.\nCurrently she is the voice actor for Malory Archer in the FX animated series Archer and stars as Elaine Robbins in Retired at 35.
/m/048xh	Kraftwerk are a German electronic music band formed by Ralf Hütter and Florian Schneider in 1970 in Düsseldorf, and fronted by them until Schneider's departure in 2008. The signature Kraftwerk sound combines driving, repetitive rhythms with catchy melodies, mainly following a Western Classical style of harmony, with a minimalistic and strictly electronic instrumentation. The group's simplified lyrics are at times sung through a vocoder or generated by computer-speech software. Kraftwerk were one of the first groups to popularize electronic music and are considered pioneers in the field.\nIn the 1970s and early 1980s, Kraftwerk's distinctive sound was revolutionary, and has had a lasting effect across many genres of modern music. According to The Observer, \"no other band since the Beatles has given so much to pop culture\" and a wide range of artists have been influenced by their music and image. In January 2014 the Grammy Academy honored Kraftwerk with a Lifetime Achievement Award.
/m/05np2	Oscar Fingal O'Flahertie Wills Wilde was an Irish writer and poet. After writing in different forms throughout the 1880s, he became one of London's most popular playwrights in the early 1890s. Today he is remembered for his epigrams, his only novel, his plays, and the circumstances of his imprisonment and early death.\nWilde's parents were successful Anglo-Irish Dublin intellectuals. Their son became fluent in French and German early in life. At university, Wilde read Greats; he proved himself to be an outstanding classicist, first at Dublin, then at Oxford. He became known for his involvement in the rising philosophy of aestheticism, led by two of his tutors, Walter Pater and John Ruskin. After university, Wilde moved to London into fashionable cultural and social circles. As a spokesman for aestheticism, he tried his hand at various literary activities: he published a book of poems, lectured in the United States and Canada on the new \"English Renaissance in Art\", and then returned to London where he worked prolifically as a journalist. Known for his biting wit, flamboyant dress and glittering conversation, Wilde became one of the best-known personalities of his day.
/m/0xwj	Atari is a corporate and brand name owned by several entities since its inception in 1972, currently by Atari Interactive, a subsidiary of the French publisher Atari, SA. The original Atari, Inc. founded in 1972 by Nolan Bushnell and Ted Dabney was a pioneer in arcade games, home video game consoles, and home computers. The company's products, such as Pong and the Atari 2600, helped define the electronic entertainment industry from the 1970s to the mid-1980s.\nIn 1984, the original Atari Inc. was split due to its role in the video game crash of 1983, and the arcade division was turned into Atari Games Inc. Atari Games received the rights to use the logo and brand name with appended text \"Games\" on arcade games, as well as rights to the original 1972–1984 arcade hardware properties. The Atari Consumer Electronics Division properties were in turn sold to Jack Tramiel's Tramel Technology Ltd., which then renamed itself to Atari Corporation. In 1996, Atari Corporation reverse merged with disk drive manufacturer JT Storage, becoming a division within the company.\nIn 1998, Hasbro Interactive acquired all Atari Corporation related properties from JTS, creating a new subsidiary, Atari Interactive. Infogrames Entertainment bought Hasbro Interactive in 2001 and renamed it to Infogrames Interactive, later Atari Interactive in 2003, when Infogrames Inc. licensed the Atari name and logo from the latter and changed its name to Atari Inc., a name used for a company founded in 1993 as GT Interactive, which IESA also renamed to Infogrames, Inc. and acquired a 62% controlling interest in by 1999. After IESA's acquisition of Hasbro Interactive, Infogrames, Inc. intermittently published Atari branded titles for Infogrames Interactive. On October 11, 2008, Infogrames completed its acquisition of Atari, Inc., making it a wholly owned subsidiary.
/m/015882	Linda Maria Ronstadt is an American popular music singer. She has earned 11 Grammy Awards, two Academy of Country Music awards, an Emmy Award, an ALMA Award, and numerous United States and internationally certified gold, platinum and multiplatinum albums. She has also earned nominations for a Tony Award and a Golden Globe award.\nRonstadt has collaborated with artists from a diverse spectrum of genres including Bette Midler, Billy Eckstine, Frank Zappa, Rosemary Clooney, Flaco Jiménez, Philip Glass, Carla Bley, The Chieftains, Emmylou Harris, Gram Parsons, Dolly Parton, Neil Young, Johnny Cash, and Nelson Riddle. She has lent her voice to over 120 albums. Christopher Loudon of Jazz Times noted in 2004, Ronstadt is \"Blessed with arguably the most sterling set of pipes of her generation ... rarest of rarities – a chameleon who can blend into any background yet remain boldly distinctive ... It's an exceptional gift; one shared by few others.\"\nIn total, she has released over 30 studio albums and 15 compilation or greatest hits albums. Ronstadt charted 38 Billboard Hot 100 singles, with 21 reaching the top 40, 10 in the top 10, three at #2, and \"You're No Good\" at #1. This success did not translate to the UK, with only her single \"Blue Bayou\" reaching the UK Top 40. Her duet with Aaron Neville, \"Don't Know Much\", peaked at #2 in December 1989. In addition, she has charted 36 albums, 10 top-10 albums and three #1 albums on the Billboard Pop Album Chart.
/m/01b7lc	Art Center College of Design is a private college located in Pasadena, California.
/m/0178g	The Boeing Company is an American multinational corporation that designs, manufactures and sells fixed-wing aircraft, rotorcraft, rockets and satellites and provides leasing and product support services. Boeing is among the largest global aircraft manufacturers, is the second-largest aerospace & defense contractor in the world based on 2012 revenue and is the US' largest exporter by dollar value. Boeing stock is a component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average.\nThe Boeing Company's corporate headquarters are located in Chicago and the company is led by Chairman and CEO James McNerney. Boeing is organized into five primary divisions: Boeing Commercial Airplanes; Boeing Defense, Space & Security; Engineering, Operations & Technology; Boeing Capital; and Boeing Shared Services Group.\nIn 2013, Boeing recorded $86.623 billion in sales. Fortune magazine ranked The Boeing Company #30 on the 2013 \"Fortune 500\" list and #26 on the 2013 \"World's Most Admired Companies\" list.
/m/0n5gq	Essex County is a county located in the northeastern part of the U.S. state of New Jersey. As of the 2010 United States Census, the population was 783,969, a decrease of 1.2% from the 793,633 enumerated in the 2000 Census, making it the third-most populous county in the state, having dropped behind Middlesex County, and one of only two counties in the state to see a decline in population during the decade. Its county seat is Newark. It is part of the New York Metropolitan Area. The Bureau of Economic Analysis ranked the county as having the 94th-highest per capita income of all 3,113 counties in the United States as of 2009.
/m/0738y5	Santosh Sivan is an Indian cinematographer, film director, actor and producer known for his extensive work in Indian cinema. He was honored by the Government of India with 11 National Film Awards for his work in various films.\nSanthosh Sivan graduated from the Film and Television Institute of India and has to date completed 45 feature films and 41 documentaries. He is a founding member of the Indian Society of Cinematographers and is the most awarded Director of Photography in India. Santosh Sivan became the first Cinematographer in Asia Pacific to be honored with American Society of Cinematographers membership. He has been awarded the National Film Awards for Best Cinematography four times, for the films Perumthachan, Kaalapani, Iruvar, and Dil Se...
/m/0bx9y	Montgomery County is a county in the U.S. state of Maryland, situated just to the north of Washington, D.C., and southwest of the city of Baltimore. It is one of the most affluent counties in the United States, and has the highest percentage of residents over 25 years of age who hold post-graduate degrees. The county seat and largest municipality is Rockville; although the census-designated place of Germantown is more populous. As of 2010 the population was 971,777 and the county reached an estimated population of over 1 million residents with the 2012 U.S. Census Bureau update which shows that 1,004,709 residents now live in the county. Most of the county's residents live in unincorporated locales, the most populous of which are Silver Spring, Germantown and Bethesda, though the incorporated cities of Rockville and Gaithersburg are also large population centers. It is a part of both the Washington Metropolitan Area and the Baltimore-Washington Metropolitan Area.\nAs of 2008, Montgomery County is the second richest county in terms of per capita income in the state of Maryland. In 2011, it was ranked by Forbes as the 10th richest in the United States, with a median household income of $92,213.
/m/05f260	The Samuel Goldwyn Company was an independent film company founded by Samuel Goldwyn, Jr., the son of the famous Hollywood mogul, Samuel Goldwyn, in 1979.
/m/0jnkr	The Tampa Bay Lightning are a professional ice hockey team based in Tampa, Florida. They are members of the Atlantic Division of the Eastern Conference of the National Hockey League. They have one Stanley Cup championship in their history, in 2003–04. They are often referred to as the Bolts, and the nickname is used on their current third jersey. They play their home games in the Tampa Bay Times Forum in Tampa.
/m/059lwy	Over the Top is a 1987 action drama film starring Sylvester Stallone. It was produced and directed by Menahem Golan, and its screenplay was written by Stirling Silliphant and Stallone. The original music score was composed by Giorgio Moroder. The main character, played by Stallone, is a long-haul truck driver who tries to win back his alienated son while becoming a champion arm wrestler.
/m/0n5gb	Gloucester County is a county located in the U.S. state of New Jersey. As of the 2010 United States Census, the population was 288,288, increasing by 33,615 from the 254,673 counted in the 2000 U.S. Census, retaining its position as the state's 14th-most populous county; The percentage increase since 2000 was the largest in New Jersey, almost triple the statewide increase of 4.5%, and the absolute increase in residents was the third highest. Its county seat is Woodbury.\nIt is located south of Philadelphia and northwest of Atlantic City. It is part of the Camden, New Jersey Metropolitan Division of the Philadelphia-Camden-Wilmington Primary Metropolitan Statistical Area as well as the Delaware Valley Combined Statistical Area.
/m/03vgp7	Miguel José Ferrer is an American actor, voice actor mostly known for villainous roles, notably Bob Morton, the designer of the titular character in RoboCop, and Vice President Rodriguez in Iron Man 3. He also voiced the antagonistic Hun leader Shan Yu in Mulan. Non-villainous roles include Dr. Garret Macy on Crossing Jordan, NCIS Assistant Director Owen Granger on NCIS: Los Angeles, and FBI forensic pathologist Albert Rosenfield in Twin Peaks.
/m/0c0yh4	Sunshine is a 1999 historical film written by Israel Horovitz and István Szabó, directed and produced by István Szabó. It follows three generations of a Jewish family during the changes in Hungary from the beginning of the 20th century to the period after the 1956 Hungarian Revolution. The central male protagonist of all three generations is portrayed by Ralph Fiennes. The film also stars the real-life mother and daughter team of Rosemary Harris and Jennifer Ehle as well as Rachel Weisz and John Neville.\nAlthough fictional, the film weaves events drawn from several real sources into the story. The Sunshine family's liquor business was based on the Zwack family's liquor brand Unicum. One of Fiennes's three roles is based at least partly on Hungarian Olympian Attila Petschauer, but also includes allusions to the early life of Miksa Fenyő and other famous Hungarians of Jewish origin who suffered from anti-Semitism and the persecution of Jews in World War II Hungary. Another role in the film which is similar to that of a historic person is the character Andor Knorr played by William Hurt which closely resembles the latter part of the life of László Rajk.
/m/09r9m7	Johnny Green was an American songwriter, composer, musical arranger, and conductor. He was given the nickname \"Beulah\" by colleague Conrad Salinger. His most famous song was one of his earliest, \"Body and Soul\". Green was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 1972.
/m/02kx3	Eindhoven is a municipality and a city located in the province of North Brabant in the south of the Netherlands, originally at the confluence of the Dommel and Gender streams. The Gender was dammed short of the city centre in the 1950s but the Dommel still runs through the city. The city had 220,000 inhabitants and 265,000 if adjacent Veldhoven is included, making it the fifth-largest city of the Netherlands and the largest of North Brabant.\nNeighbouring cities and towns include Son en Breugel, Nuenen, Geldrop-Mierlo, Heeze-Leende, Waalre, Veldhoven, Eersel, Oirschot and Best. The agglomeration has some 440,000 inhabitants. The metropolitan area has nearly 750,000 inhabitants. Also, Eindhoven is part of Brabant Stad, a combined metropolitan area with more than 2 million inhabitants. In 2011, Eindhoven was named world's most intelligent community by Intelligent Community Forum.
/m/03z19	The Internal Revenue Service is the revenue service of the United States federal government. The agency is a bureau of the Department of the Treasury, and is under the immediate direction of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue. The IRS is responsible for collecting taxes and the interpretation and enforcement of the Internal Revenue Code.\nThe first income tax was assessed in 1862 to raise funds for the American Civil War, with a rate of 3%. Today the IRS collects over $2.4 trillion each tax year from around 234 million tax returns.
/m/01wmcbg	Karen Blanche Black was an American actress, screenwriter, singer and songwriter. She is known for her appearances in such films as Easy Rider, Five Easy Pieces, The Great Gatsby and Airport 1975, The Day of the Locust and Nashville, Alfred Hitchcock's final film Family Plot, and Capricorn One. Over the course of her career, she won two Golden Globe Awards, and an Academy Award nomination in 1971 for Best Supporting Actress.
/m/03dkh6	The IEEE Edison Medal is presented by the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers \"for a career of meritorious achievement in electrical science, electrical engineering or the electrical arts.\" It is the oldest and most coveted medal in this field of engineering in the United States. The award consists of a gold medal, bronze replica, small gold replica, certificate and honorarium. The Edison Medal may only be awarded to an individual.\nThe Edison Medal, named after the inventor and entrepreneur Thomas Edison, was created on 11 February 1904 by a group of Edison's friends and associates. Four years later the American Institute of Electrical Engineers entered into an agreement with the group to present the medal as its highest award. The first medal was presented in 1909 to Elihu Thomson. Other recipients of the Edison Medal include George Westinghouse, Alexander Graham Bell, Nikola Tesla, Michael I. Pupin, Robert A. Millikan, and Vannevar Bush. A complete and authoritative list is published by the IEEE online.\nAfter the merger of AIEE and the Institute of Radio Engineers, in 1963, to form the IEEE, it was decided that IRE's Medal of Honor would be presented as IEEE's highest award, while the Edison Medal would become IEEE's principal medal.
/m/02tjl3	Shattered Glass is a 2003 American drama film written and directed by Billy Ray. The screenplay is based on a September 1998 Vanity Fair article by H. G. Bissinger. In it he chronicled the rapid rise of Stephen Glass' journalistic career at The New Republic during the mid-1990s and his steep fall when his widespread journalistic fraud was exposed.\nThe film stars Hayden Christensen, Peter Sarsgaard, Chloë Sevigny, Hank Azaria, and Steve Zahn.
/m/0417z2	Mark Alan Mancina is a U.S. composer, primarily for Hollywood soundtracks, such as his collaboration with Trevor Rabin on the soundtrack for Con Air. He arranged many of the songs behind Disney's The Lion King including the Broadway musical. He also notably composed the score for the thriller Twister as well as the blockbuster action films Speed and Bad Boys. Mancina also co-wrote several songs for Hanna-Barbera's 1990 animated film Jetsons: The Movie.\nTrained as a classical guitarist, he is an avid guitar player and rare instrument collector.\nMancina collaborated with John Van Tongeren to write the theme to the 1995 revival of The Outer Limits. They both scored ten episodes for the first season of the show.\nHe also collaborated with Phil Collins on two feature animated films for Disney, Tarzan and Brother Bear.\nMancina has also been associated with a number of progressive rock projects. He toured with Rabin in support of Trevor Rabin's Can't Look Away album and then went on to produce tracks on the Yes album Union. He has also worked with Emerson, Lake & Palmer.
/m/0p7pw	Alfie is a 1966 British film directed by Lewis Gilbert, starring Michael Caine. It is an adaptation by Bill Naughton of his own novel and play of the same name. The film was released by Paramount Pictures.\nAlfie tells the story of a womanising young man who leads a self-centered life, purely for his own enjoyment, until events force him to question his uncaring behaviour and his aloneness. He cheats on numerous women, and despite his charm towards women, he treats them with disrespect and refers to them as \"it\", using them for sex and for domestic purposes. Alfie frequently breaks the fourth wall by speaking directly to the camera narrating and justifying his actions. His words often contrast with or totally contradict his actions.\nAlfie was the first film to receive the \"suggested for mature audiences\" classification by the Motion Picture Association of America in the United States which evolved into today's PG rating.
/m/0n3ll	Wake County is a county in the US state of North Carolina. As of the 2010 census, the population was 900,993, making it North Carolina's second most populated county. Its county seat is Raleigh, which is also the state capital.\nWake County is part of the Research Triangle metropolitan region, which encompasses the cities of Raleigh and Durham, the towns of Cary and Chapel Hill, and their surrounding suburban areas. The regional name originated after the 1959 creation of the Research Triangle Park, located midway between Raleigh and Durham. The Research Triangle region encompasses the U.S. Census Bureau's Combined Statistical Area of Raleigh-Durham-Cary. The estimated population of the Raleigh-Durham-Cary CSA was 1,749,525 at the 2010 census, with the Raleigh-Cary Metropolitan Statistical Area portion at 1,130,490 residents as of April 1, 2010.\nWake County is the 9th fastest growing county in the United States, with the town of Cary and the city of Raleigh being the 8th and 15th fastest growing cities, respectively. It is governed by the Wake County Board of Commissioners.
/m/01lwx	Charles Robert Darwin, FRS was an English naturalist and geologist, best known for his contributions to evolutionary theory. He established that all species of life have descended over time from common ancestors, and in a joint publication with Alfred Russel Wallace introduced his scientific theory that this branching pattern of evolution resulted from a process that he called natural selection, in which the struggle for existence has a similar effect to the artificial selection involved in selective breeding.\nDarwin published his theory of evolution with compelling evidence in his 1859 book On the Origin of Species, overcoming scientific rejection of earlier concepts of transmutation of species. By the 1870s the scientific community and much of the general public had accepted evolution as a fact. However, many favoured competing explanations and it was not until the emergence of the modern evolutionary synthesis from the 1930s to the 1950s that a broad consensus developed in which natural selection was the basic mechanism of evolution. In modified form, Darwin's scientific discovery is the unifying theory of the life sciences, explaining the diversity of life.
/m/05z1_	Python is a widely used general-purpose, high-level programming language. Its design philosophy emphasizes code readability, and its syntax allows programmers to express concepts in fewer lines of code than would be possible in languages such as C. The language provides constructs intended to enable clear programs on both a small and large scale.\nPython supports multiple programming paradigms, including object-oriented, imperative and functional programming or procedural styles. It features a dynamic type system and automatic memory management and has a large and comprehensive standard library.\nLike other dynamic languages, Python is often used as a scripting language, but is also used in a wide range of non-scripting contexts. Using third-party tools, such as Py2exe, or Pyinstaller, Python code can be packaged into standalone executable programs. Python interpreters are available for many operating systems.\nCPython, the reference implementation of Python, is free and open source software and has a community-based development model, as do nearly all of its alternative implementations. CPython is managed by the non-profit Python Software Foundation.
/m/01x72k	Claire Antonia Forlani is an English actress. She is best known for her roles in films such as Mallrats, Basquiat and Meet Joe Black.
/m/026_dcw	Christopher Lloyd is an American TV screenwriter and producer. Lloyd is co-executive producer of the TV series Modern Family, which he produces with Steven Levitan. Prior to that Lloyd had an extensive career working for Paramount Television, producing series such as Frasier.
/m/01t265	Harold Eugene \"Hal\" Roach, Sr. was an American film and television producer, director, and actor from the 1910s to the 1990s, best known today for producing the Laurel and Hardy and Our Gang film comedy series.
/m/016tb7	Lisa Valerie Kudrow is an American actress, writer, comedian and producer. She gained worldwide recognition for her ten-season run as Phoebe Buffay in the television sitcom Friends, for which she received many accolades, including an Emmy Award and two Screen Actors Guild Awards.\nShe went on to produce, write and star in the short-lived HBO series The Comeback, and is currently starring in Web Therapy which is in its third season on Showtime. She was nominated for an Emmy Award for Outstanding Special Class – Short-Format Live-Action Entertainment Program for the show in 2012. She is also one of the executive producers of the NBC reality program Who Do You Think You Are. She was nominated for an Emmy Award for Outstanding Reality-Program for the series in 2012.\nAway from television, Kudrow has also appeared in many films, including Romy and Michele's High School Reunion, The Opposite of Sex, Analyze This and its sequel Analyze That, Dr. Dolittle 2, Wonderland, Happy Endings, P.S. I Love You, Bandslam, Hotel for Dogs, and Easy A.\nThroughout her career she has received nine Emmy Award nominations, twelve Screen Actors Guild Award nominations, and a Golden Globe Award nomination.
/m/02gf_l	Franklin Wendell \"Frank\" Welker is an American actor who specializes in voice acting. Due to the large number of films he is able to work on in a given year, films with Frank Welker had grossed more than those of any other actor in Hollywood from 1980 until 2011, when he was surpassed by Samuel L. Jackson. He is notable for being cast as Fred Jones across most of the animated Scooby-Doo franchise and Megatron in theTransformers franchise.
/m/0565rv	A privately held company or close corporation is a business company owned either by non-governmental organizations or by a relatively small number of shareholders or company members which does not offer or trade its company stock to the general public on the stock market exchanges, but rather the company's stock is offered, owned and traded or exchanged privately. More ambiguous terms for a privately held company are unquoted company and unlisted company.\nThough less visible than their publicly traded counterparts, private companies have major importance in the world's economy. In 2008, the 441 largest private companies in the United States accounted for $1.8 trillion in revenues and employed 6.2 million people, according to Forbes. In 2005, using a substantially smaller pool size for comparison, the 339 companies on Forbes' survey of closely held U.S. businesses sold a trillion dollars' worth of goods and services and employed 4 million people. In 2004, the Forbes' count of privately held U.S. businesses with at least $1 billion in revenue was 305.\nKoch Industries, Bechtel, Cargill, Publix, Pilot Corp., Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, Hearst Corporation, S. C. Johnson, and Mars are among the largest privately held companies in the United States. KPMG, the UK accounting firms Ernst & Young and PricewaterhouseCoopers, IKEA, Trafigura, J C Bamford Excavators, Lidl, Aldi, LEGO, Bosch, Rolex and Victorinox are some examples of Europe's largest privately held companies.
/m/020skc	Allahabad, also known as Prayag, is a metropolitan city in the north Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. It is the administrative headquarters of the Allahabad District. as of 2011, Allahabad is the seventh most populous city in the state and the thirty-sixth most populous city in India, with an estimated population of 1.11 million living in the city and 1.21 million in its metropolitan region. In 2011, it was ranked the world's 130th fastest growing city.\nThe city's original name – Prayaga, or \"place of offerings\" – comes from its position at the sacred union of the rivers Ganges, Yamuna and Saraswati. It is the second-oldest city in India and plays a central role in the Hindu scriptures. Allahabad was originally founded as Kaushambi by the Kuru rulers of Hastinapur, who developed it as their capital. Since then, Allahabad has often being the political/cultural/administrative head of the entire Doab area and beyond. Later, the Mughal emperor Akbar renamed Prayag as Allahabad and made it a prominent administrative centre. In 1833 it became the seat of Ceded and Conquered Provinces before the capital was shifted to Agra in 1835. It again became the capital of North-Western Provinces in 1858 when it was also made the capital of India for a day. Eventually, it served as the capital of United Provinces from 1902 to 1920.
/m/03hnd	Herbert George \"H. G.\" Wells was an English writer, now best known for his work in the science fiction genre. He was also a prolific writer in many other genres, including contemporary novels, history, politics and social commentary, even writing textbooks and rules for war games. Wells is sometimes called \"The Father of Science Fiction\", as are Jules Verne and Hugo Gernsback. His most notable science fiction works include The War of the Worlds, The Time Machine, The Invisible Man and The Island of Doctor Moreau.\nWells's earliest specialised training was in biology, and his thinking on ethical matters took place in a specifically and fundamentally Darwinian context. He was also from an early date an outspoken socialist, often sympathising with pacifist views. His later works became increasingly political and didactic, and he sometimes indicated on official documents that his profession was that of \"Journalist.\" Most of his later novels were not science fiction. Some described lower-middle class life, leading him to be touted as a worthy successor to Charles Dickens, but Wells described a range of social strata and even attempted, in Tono-Bungay, a diagnosis of English society as a whole.
/m/05sj55	Jamie Gangel is an American television reporter based in the United States. She became a national correspondent for the NBC News' Today Show in February 1992. Since joining NBC News in 1983 as a general assignment and political correspondent based in Washington, DC, Gangel has been a frequent contributor to NBC Nightly News, Today, Dateline NBC and MSNBC.
/m/01cycq	Starship Troopers is a 1997 American military science fiction action film directed by Paul Verhoeven and written by Edward Neumeier, originally from an unrelated script called Bug Hunt at Outpost Nine, but eventually licensing the name Starship Troopers, from a science fiction novel by Robert A. Heinlein. It is the only theatrically released film in the Starship Troopers franchise. The film had a budget estimated around $105 million and grossed over $121 million worldwide.\nThe story follows a young soldier named Johnny Rico and his exploits in the Mobile Infantry, a futuristic military unit. Rico's military career progresses from recruit to non-commissioned officer and finally to officer against the backdrop of an interstellar war between mankind and an insectoid species known as \"Arachnids\".\nStarship Troopers was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Visual Effects at the 70th Academy Awards in 1998. Director Verhoeven says his satirical use of irony and hyperbole is \"playing with fascism or fascist imagery to point out certain aspects of American society... of course, the movie is about 'Let's all go to war and let's all die.'\"\nIn 2012, Slant Magazine ranked the film #20 on its list of the 100 Best Films of the 1990s.
/m/065zr	Punjab, also spelled Panjab, is the most developed and populous province of Pakistan with approximately 56% of the country's total population. Lahore is the provincial capital and Punjab's main cultural, historical, administrative and economic center.
/m/0n4yq	Santa Fe County is a county located in the U.S. state of New Mexico. The county is also defined by the US Census Bureau as the Santa Fe, New Mexico Metropolitan Statistical Area. As of the 2010 census, the population was 144,170, making it New Mexico's third most populous county. Its county seat is Santa Fe.
/m/01_rh4	George Hosato Takei is an American actor and author, best known for his role as Hikaru Sulu, helmsman of the USS Enterprise in the television series Star Trek. He also portrayed the character in six Star Trek feature films and in an episode of Star Trek: Voyager. He is a proponent of gay rights and active in state and local politics apart from his continued acting career. He has won several awards and accolades in his work on human rights and Japanese–American relations, including his work with the Japanese American National Museum. He has achieved celebrity status among a younger generation as a prominent social networker, managing one of the most popular pages on Facebook.
/m/0l2nd	Placer County, officially the County of Placer, is a county located in both the Sacramento Valley and Sierra Nevada regions of the U.S. state of California, in what is known as the Gold Country. It stretches from the suburbs of Sacramento to Lake Tahoe and the Nevada border. Because of the expansion of the Sacramento metropolitan area, Placer County is one of the fastest growing counties in California by population. Between 2000 and 2010, the population grew from 248,399 to 348,432. The county seat is Auburn.
/m/01z3bz	The Technische Universität München is a research university with campuses in Munich, Garching and Freising-Weihenstephan. It is a member of TU9, an incorporated society of the largest and most notable German institutes of technology.
/m/09ctj	Norfolk is a low-lying county in the East of England. It has borders with Lincolnshire to the west, Cambridgeshire to the west and southwest and Suffolk to the south. Its northern and eastern boundaries are the North Sea coast and to the north-west the county is bordered by the Wash. The city of Norwich is the county town of Norfolk which is the fifth largest ceremonial county in England, with an area of 5,371 km². Of the 34 non-metropolitan English counties, Norfolk is the seventh most populous, with a population of 859,400. However, as a largely rural county it has a low population density: 401 per square mile. Norfolk has about one-thirtieth the population density of central London, the tenth lowest density county in the country, with 40% of the county’s population living in the four major built up areas of Norwich, Great Yarmouth, King's Lynn and Thetford. The Broads, a well known network of rivers and lakes, is located towards the county's east coast, extending south into Suffolk. The area has the status of a National Park and is protected by the Broads Authority. Historical sites, such as those in the centre of Norwich, also contribute to tourism.
/m/0lx2l	James Eugene \"Jim\" Carrey is a Canadian American actor, comedian, and producer. Carrey has received four Golden Globe Award nominations, winning two. Known for his highly energetic slapstick performances, he has been described as one of the biggest movie stars in Hollywood.\nCarrey first gained recognition in 1990 after landing a recurring role in the sketch comedy In Living Color. His first leading roles in major productions came with Ace Ventura: Pet Detective, Dumb and Dumber, The Mask, and Ace Ventura: When Nature Calls. In 1997, he gave a critically acclaimed performance in Liar Liar, which earned him a Golden Globe Award nomination for Best Actor. He then starred in The Truman Show and Man on the Moon, with each garnering him a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor.\nIn 2000, he gained further recognition for his portrayal of the The Grinch in How the Grinch Stole Christmas and then, in 2003, Bruce Almighty. The following year he starred in Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, for which he received another Golden Globe nomination in addition to a BAFTA Award nomination. He then starred in Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events, Fun with Dick and Jane, Yes Man and A Christmas Carol. More recently, he has starred in Mr. Popper's Penguins and The Incredible Burt Wonderstone.
/m/042g7t	The Atlantic Time Zone is a geographical region that keeps standard time by subtracting four hours from Coordinated Universal Time, resulting in UTC-4; during some part of the year it observes daylight saving time by subtracting three hours. The clock time in this zone is based on the mean solar time of the 60th meridian west of the Greenwich Observatory.\nIn Canada, the provinces of New Brunswick and Nova Scotia reckon time specifically as an offset of 4 hours from Greenwich Mean time. Prince Edward Island and small portions of Quebec are also part of the Atlantic Standard Time Zone. Officially, the entirety of Newfoundland and Labrador observes Newfoundland Standard Time, but in practice most of Labrador uses the Atlantic Standard Time Zone.\nNo portion of the continental United States is located in the Atlantic Standard Time Zone, however the territories of Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands do fall under Atlantic Standard Time.\nThose portions of the Atlantic Standard Time Zone that participate in daylight saving time do so as Atlantic Daylight Time, which has one hour added to make it only three hours behind GMT.
/m/02k7y0	A news magazine is a typed, printed, and published piece of paper, magazine or a radio or television program, usually weekly, showing articles on current events. News magazines generally go more in-depth into stories than newspapers or television programs, trying to give the reader an understanding of the important events, rather than just the facts.
/m/03vv61	Vanguard Records is a record label set up in 1950 by brothers Maynard and Seymour Solomon in New York. It started as a classical label, but is perhaps best known for its catalogue of recordings by a number of pivotal folk and blues artists from the 1960s; the Bach Guild was a subsidiary label.
/m/0bzmt8	The 55th Academy Awards were presented April 11, 1983 at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion, Los Angeles. The ceremonies were presided over by Liza Minnelli, Dudley Moore, Richard Pryor, and Walter Matthau. The awards were dominated by the Best Picture winner Gandhi, which won eight awards out of its eleven nominations.\nLouis Gossett, Jr. became the first African-American actor to win Best Supporting Actor for his performance as the tough and principled drill sergeant Emil Foley in An Officer and a Gentleman.\nMeryl Streep won her first Best Actress award. She had been nominated the year before for The French Lieutenant's Woman and would be nominated another thirteen times in the next thirty years. Streep had previously won the Best Supporting Actress award in 1979 for Kramer vs Kramer.
/m/07tjf	Uppsala University is a research university in Uppsala, Sweden, and is the oldest university in Sweden, founded in 1477. It ranks among the best universities in Northern Europe in international rankings.\nThe university rose to pronounced significance during the rise of Sweden as a great power at the end of the 16th century and was then given a relative financial stability with the large donation of King Gustavus Adolphus in the early 17th century. Uppsala also has an important historical place in Swedish national culture, identity and for the Swedish establishment: in historiography, literature, politics, and music. Many aspects of Swedish academic culture in general, such as the white student cap, originated in Uppsala. It shares some peculiarities, such as the student nation system, with Lund University and the University of Helsinki.\nUppsala belongs to the Coimbra Group of European universities. The university has nine faculties distributed over three “disciplinary domains”. It has about 24,000 full-time students and 2,400 doctoral students. It has a teaching staff of roughly 1,800 out of a total of 6,500 employees. Twenty-five per cent of the 674 professors at the university are women. Of its turnover of SEK 5.9 billion in 2013, 30% was spent on education on basic and advanced level, while 66% was spent on research and research programs.
/m/09tlc8	Rogue is a subsidiary of Relativity Media. The company has about 25 titles in its library.
/m/05njyy	New York Law School is a private law school in the Tribeca neighborhood of Lower Manhattan in New York City, New York, United States. It is an ABA-approved law school. In 2014, the ABA identified the school as one of 18 law schools with a decline in enrollment of more than 30 percent in the last three years.
/m/0njlp	Ingham County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2010 census, the population was 280,895. The county seat is Mason. Lansing, the state capital of Michigan, is located within the county, and is the only state capital in the nation that is not also a county seat, aside from state capitals which have independent city status. The county is home to Michigan State University, Lansing Community College, and the Class A minor league baseball team, the Lansing Lugnuts.
/m/01z9l_	Hardcore is a sub-genre of electronic dance music originally European from the emergent raves in the 1990s initially designed at Rotterdam in Netherlands derived from techno. Its sub-genres are usually distinct from the other electronic dance musics by a higher rapidity, the intensity of the kicks and the basses, the rhythm and the atmosphere of their theme, the usage of saturation and experimentation close to the industrial music.
/m/07ymr5	Andrew David \"Andy\" Samberg is an Emmy and Golden Globe-winning American actor, stand-up comedian, writer, and member of the comedy group The Lonely Island. He is known as a cast member on Saturday Night Live, where they have been credited with popularizing the SNL Digital Shorts, the comical short films and music videos starring Samberg and other members of the SNL cast. He also starred in Hot Rod, I Love You, Man, Hotel Transylvania, That's My Boy, and Celeste and Jesse Forever. He currently stars in the sitcom, Brooklyn Nine-Nine as detective Jake Peralta, for which he won a Golden Globe in early 2014.
/m/01mzwp	The Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic, commonly referred to as Soviet Russia, the Russian Federation, or simply Russia, was a sovereign state and the largest, most populous, and most economically developed republic of the Soviet Union. The Republic comprised sixteen autonomous republics, five autonomous oblasts, ten autonomous okrugs, six krais, and forty oblasts. Russians formed the largest ethnic group.\nThe RSFSR was established on November 7, 1917 as a sovereign state. The first Constitution was adopted in 1918. In 1922 Russian SFSR signed the Treaty on the Creation of the USSR.\nThe economy of Russia became heavily industrialized, accounting for about two-thirds of the electricity produced in the USSR. It was the third largest producer of petroleum, trailing only the United States and Saudi Arabia. In 1974, there were 475 institutes of higher education in the republic providing education in 47 languages to some 23,941,000 students. A network of territorially-organized public-health services provided health care. After 1985, the restructuring policies of the Gorbachev administration relatively liberalised the economy, which had gone stagnant since the late 1970s, with the introduction of non-state owned enterprises such as cooperatives. The effects of market policies led to the failure of many enterprises and total instability by 1990.
/m/0kzy0	Brian Douglas Wilson is an American musician best known as the chief songwriter of the Beach Boys. Besides acting as their co-lead vocalist, he also functioned as the band's main producer and arranger. After signing with Capitol Records in mid-1962, Wilson wrote or co-wrote more than two dozen Top 40 hits for the Beach Boys.\nIn the mid-1960s, Wilson composed and produced Pet Sounds, considered one of the greatest albums of all time. The intended follow-up to Pet Sounds, Smile, was cancelled for various reasons, which included Wilson's deteriorating mental health. As he suffered through multiple nervous breakdowns, Wilson's contributions to the Beach Boys diminished and his erratic behavior led to tensions with the band. After years of treatment and recuperation, he began a solo career in 1988 with Brian Wilson, the same year that he and the Beach Boys were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. Since then, he has toured for the first time in decades with a new band and released acclaimed albums, including Brian Wilson Presents Smile, for which Wilson won his first Grammy Award for \"Mrs. O'Leary's Cow\" as Best Rock Instrumental. On December 16, 2011, a 50th anniversary Beach Boys reunion tour was announced and Wilson briefly returned to the group. He remains a member of the Beach Boys corporation, Brother Records Incorporated.
/m/0pqzh	Rodman E. \"Rod\" Serling was an American screenwriter, playwright, television producer, and narrator best known for his live television dramas of the 1950s and his science fiction anthology TV series, The Twilight Zone. Serling was active in politics, both on and off the screen, and helped form television industry standards. He was known as the \"angry young man\" of Hollywood, clashing with television executives and sponsors over a wide range of issues including censorship, racism, and war.
/m/029h7y	Electro is a genre of electronic dance music directly influenced by the use of TR-808 drum machines, and funk sampling. Records in the genre typically feature drum machines and heavy electronic sounds, usually without vocals, although if vocals are present they are delivered in a deadpan manner, often through electronic distortion such as vocoding and talkboxing. This is the main distinction between electro and previously prominent genres such as disco, in which the electronic sound was only part of the instrumentation.
/m/0ddj0x	The Commitments is a 1991 comedy-drama film adaptation of the novel The Commitments by Roddy Doyle. It tells a story of working class Dubliners who form a soul band. It was directed by Alan Parker from a screenplay adapted by Dick Clement, Ian La Frenais, and Doyle himself. The film was an international co-production between companies in the Republic of Ireland, the UK, and the United States. It was filmed on location in Dublin.
/m/03bxh	George Frideric Handel was a German-born Baroque composer famous for his operas, oratorios, anthems and organ concertos. Born in a family indifferent to music, Handel received critical training in Halle, Hamburg and Italy before settling in London, and became a naturalized British subject in 1727. By then he was strongly influenced by the great composers of the Italian Baroque and the middle-German polyphonic choral tradition.\nWithin fifteen years, Handel had started three commercial opera companies to supply the English nobility with Italian opera. In 1737 he had a physical breakdown, changed direction creatively and addressed the middle class. As Alexander's Feast was well received, Handel made a transition to English choral works. After his success with Messiah he never performed an Italian opera again. Handel was only partly successful with his performances of English oratorio on mythical and biblical themes, but when he arranged a performance of Messiah to benefit London's Foundling Hospital the criticism ended. It has been said that the passion of Handel's oratorios is an ethical one, and that they are hallowed not by liturgical dignity but by moral ideals of humanity. Almost blind, and having lived in England for almost fifty years, he died in 1759, a respected and rich man. His funeral was given full state honours, and he was buried in Westminster Abbey.
/m/02tq2r	Akshay Kumar is an Indian film actor, producer and martial artist who has appeared in over a hundred Hindi films. He has been nominated for Filmfare Awards several times, winning it two times. He has appeared in over 125 films. When he began his acting career in the 1990s, he primarily starred in action films and was particularly known for his appearances in feature films commonly called the \"Khiladi series\", which included Khiladi, Main Khiladi Tu Anari, Sabse Bada Khiladi, Khiladiyon Ka Khiladi, Mr. and Mrs. Khiladi, International Khiladi, Khiladi 420 and Khiladi 786, as well as other action films such as Waqt Hamara Hai, Mohra, Elaan, Suhaag, Sapoot, Angaaray, Keemat – They Are Back and Sangharsh.\nLater he also gained fame for his drama, romance and comic roles. He started becoming known for his performances in romance films like Yeh Dillagi, Dhadkan, Andaaz and Namastey London, as well as drama films such as Waqt: The Race Against Time and Patiala House. His comic performances in comedy films such as Hera Pheri, Mujhse Shaadi Karogi, Garam Masala, Bhagam Bhag, Bhool Bhulaiyaa, and Singh Is Kinng met with acclaim. His success had soared in 2007, when he starred in four consecutive commercial hits. Kumar hit a rough patch since 2009 to 2011 but came back with two successes, Housefull 2 and Rowdy Rathore with both of them grossing over 1 billion. His other films like OMG and Special 26 were highly successful critically and commercially. On 16 February 2013, many media outlets reported that the boxoffice collection of Kumar films has crossed 20 billion and till date is the only Bollywood actor to do so. Having done so, he has established himself as a leading contemporary actor of Hindi cinema.
/m/013h1c	Joplin is a city in southern Jasper County and northern Newton County in the southwestern corner of the US state of Missouri. Joplin is the largest city in Jasper County, though it is not the county seat. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 50,150. In 2011, the surrounding Metropolitan Statistical Area had an estimated population of 174,237. In 2012, the city annexed the village of Silver Creek, which had a 2010 population of 623.\nThe city is named after the Reverend Harris Joplin, an early European-American settler and the founder of the area's first Methodist congregation. The town was established in 1873 and expanded significantly from the wealth created by the mining of lead and zinc; its growth faltered after World War II when the price of the mineral collapsed. The city gained travelers as Route 66 passed through it; \"Joplin, Missouri\" is named in the lyrics to Bobby Troup's legendary song about the famous highway.\nOn May 22, 2011, Joplin was struck by an extremely powerful EF-5 tornado, which resulted in at least 161 deaths and more than 900 injuries; there was also the total destruction of thousands of houses, and severe damage to numerous apartments and businesses, St. John's Medical Center, and multiple school buildings.
/m/02x3y41	Green Zone is a 2010 British-French-American war thriller film directed by Paul Greengrass. The storyline was conceived from a screenplay written by Brian Helgeland, based on a 2006 non-fiction book Imperial Life in the Emerald City by journalist Rajiv Chandrasekaran. The book documented life within the Green Zone in Baghdad during the 2003 invasion of Iraq. Actors Matt Damon and Greg Kinnear star, while the cast features Brendan Gleeson, Amy Ryan, Khalid Abdalla and Jason Isaacs.\nThe film was produced by Working Title Films, with financial backing from Universal Pictures, StudioCanal, Relativity Media, Antena 3 Films and Dentsu. Principal photography for the film project began during January 2008 in Spain, later moving to Morocco and the United Kingdom.\nGreen Zone premiered at the Yubari International Fantastic Film Festival in Japan on February 26, 2010, and was released in Australia, Russia, Kazakhstan, Malaysia and Singapore on March 11, 2010, followed by a further 10 countries the next day, among them the United States, United Kingdom and Canada. Although the film generally received positive critical reviews, it was a box office flop, as it cost $100 million to produce while the global theatrical runs only gave $94,882,549 in gross revenue.
/m/03_lsr	The Panama national football team represents Panama in international football. The team is controlled by the governing body for football in Panama, Panamanian Football Federation, which is currently a member of CONCACAF and the regional UNCAF. Panama finished as runners-up in the 2005 Gold Cup and 2013 Gold Cup. Panama reached the fourth round for the 2006 World Cup CONCACAF qualifications and advanced to the fourth round for the 2014 World Cup CONCACAF qualifications. At their last fourth round qualification match against the USA at Estadio Rommel Fernandez in Panama City, they were about 90 seconds away from beating the US and advancing to play-offs against New Zealand, but they were eventually out of the spot by allowing US players two goals in the stoppage time.
/m/0lfyx	Upland is a city in San Bernardino County, California, located at an elevation of 1,242 feet. As of the 2010 census, the city had a population of 73,732, up from 68,393 at the 2000 census. It was incorporated on May 15, 1906, after previously being named North Ontario. Upland is located at the foot of the highest part of the San Gabriel Mountains. The city is part of the Inland Empire, a metropolitan area situated directly east of the Los Angeles metropolitan area.
/m/01s5q	Capital punishment or the death penalty is a legal process whereby a person is put to death by the state as a punishment for a crime. The judicial decree that someone be punished in this manner is a death sentence, while the actual enforcement is an execution. Crimes that can result in a death penalty are known as capital crimes or capital offences. The term capital originates from the Latin capitalis, literally \"regarding the head\".\nCapital punishment has, in the past, been practised by most societies, as a punishment for criminals, and political or religious dissidents. Historically, the carrying out of the death sentence was often accompanied by torture, and executions were most often public.\nCurrently 58 nations actively practise capital punishment, 98 countries have abolished it de jure for all crimes, 7 have abolished it for ordinary crimes only, and 35 have abolished it de facto . Amnesty International considers most countries abolitionist; overall, the organisation considers 140 countries to be abolitionist in law or practice. About 90% of all executions in the world take place in Asia.
/m/045c7b	Google Inc. (NASDAQ: GOOG) is an American multinational corporation which provides Internet-related products and services, including internet search, cloud computing, and software and advertising technologies. Advertising revenues from AdWords generate almost all of the company's profits. The company was founded by Larry Page and Sergey Brin while both attended Stanford University. Together, Brin and Page own about 16 percent of the company's stake. Google was first incorporated as a privately held company on September 4, 1998, and its initial public offering followed on August 19, 2004. The company's mission statement from the outset was \"to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful\" and the company's unofficial slogan is \"Don't be evil\". In 2006, the company moved to its current headquarters in Mountain View, California. Rapid growth since incorporation has triggered a chain of products, acquisitions, and partnerships beyond the company's core...
/m/0gk7z	The University of Bristol is a research university located in Bristol, United Kingdom. It received its Royal Charter in 1909, and its predecessor institution, University College, Bristol, had been in existence since 1876.\nBristol has been named amongst the world's top 30 universities by the QS World University Rankings. A highly selective institution, it has an average of 14 applicants for each undergraduate place.\nThe University had a total income of £459.2 million in 2012/13, of which £120.1 million was from research grants and contracts. It is the largest independent employer in Bristol.\nCurrent academics include 18 Fellows of the Academy of Medical Sciences, 10 Fellows of the British Academy, 13 Fellows of the Royal Academy of Engineering and 31 Fellows of the Royal Society.\nBristol is a member of the Russell Group of research-intensive British universities, the European-wide Coimbra Group and the Worldwide Universities Network, of which the University's Vice-Chancellor Eric Thomas was chairman from 2005 to 2007.
/m/0d2rhq	A concert movie, or concert film, is a type of documentary film, the subject of which is an extended live performance or concert by a musician.\nEarly concert films include:\nT.A.M.I. Show, including performances by numerous popular rock and roll and R&B musicians at the Santa Monica Civic Auditorium on October 28 and 29, 1964.\nMonterey Pop, documenting the Monterey Pop Festival of 1967.\nGimme Shelter, chronicling the Rolling Stones' 1969 US tour, which culminated in the disastrous Altamont Free Concert.\nWoodstock, focusing on the Woodstock Festival in 1969.\nSweet Toronto, documenting the rock and roll revival concert in Toronto in September 1969, featuring performances by Bo Diddley, Jerry Lee Lewis, Little Richard and John Lennon and the Plastic Ono Band.\nPink Floyd: Live at Pompeii\nThe Concert for Bangladesh, showing the Madison Square Garden concert on August 1, 1971, organized by George Harrison for the benefit of Bangladeshi refugees.\nSave the Children,\nZiggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars, focusing on David Bowie's concert on July 3, 1973.\nThe London Rock and Roll Show chronicling a Rock and Roll Revival concert held at Wembley Stadium in London, England, in August 1972.
/m/04ycjk	Boston University School of Law is the law school affiliated with Boston University. It is the second-oldest law school in Massachusetts and one of the first law schools in the country to admit students regardless of race or gender. It is also a member of the Association of American Law Schools and a charter member of the American Bar Association. Approximately 800 students are enrolled in the full-time J.D. degree program and about 200 in the School's five LLM degree programs. The School offers more than 200 classes and seminars, 17 study abroad opportunities, and 16 dual degree programs. Students learn critical legal theory and doctrine in classes that average a 12:1 student/faculty ratio, while developing professional lawyering skills in the School’s civil and criminal law clinics, national and international externships, pro bono placements, and transactional law program.\nLocated in the heart of Boston University's campus on Commonwealth Avenue in Boston, Massachusetts, BU Law is housed in the tallest law school building in the United States and the tallest academic building on campus. U.S. News and World Report currently ranks the school 29th.
/m/0845v	The War of the Spanish Succession was fought between European powers, including a divided Spain, over who had the right to succeed Charles II as King of Spain.\nThe war was fought mostly in Europe but included Queen Anne's War in North America. It was marked by the leadership of notable generals including the Duc de Villars, the Jacobite Duke of Berwick, and especially the successful partnership of the Duke of Marlborough and Prince Eugene of Savoy. Several battles are considered classics in military history, notably the Grand Alliance victories at Blenheim and Ramillies, which drove the French forces from Germany and the Netherlands, and the Franco-Bourbon Spanish victory at Almansa, which in turn broke the Grand Alliance hold over Spain. The war concluded with the Peace of Utrecht, in which the warring states recognised the French candidate as King Philip V of Spain in exchange for territorial and economic concessions.\nIn the years preceding the war, Spain's military was neglected during the long reign of its last Habsburg king, Charles II, so that by 1700 Spain had effectively slipped from the ranks of the great powers. However, Spain still possessed by far the largest empire in the world, with possessions in Europe and the Far East, vast territories in the Americas, and strongholds in North Africa and elsewhere. When Charles II designated Philip of Anjou, a grandson of Louis XIV, as his successor, the Grand Alliance intervened to prevent a dynastic unification of Spain with France, then the dominant military power on the continent, fearing that such a union would drastically alter the balance of power.
/m/02f77y	The MTV Video Music Award for Best Pop Video was first given out in 1999, as MTV began to put several teen pop acts in heavy rotation. Nominations, however, were not just limited to pop acts, as dance, R&B, pop/rock, and, most recently, reggaeton artists have also received Best Pop Video nominations throughout the award's history. In 2007, MTV eliminated this award along with all of the genre categories, but it returned in 2008. Britney Spears has received the most wins and nominations in this category, winning three awards out of seven nominations.
/m/0214km	In music, a solo is a piece or a section of a piece played or sung by a single performer. In practice this means a number of different things, depending on the type of music and the context.\nThe word is also used for the act of performing a solo, and sometimes for the performer.\nThe plural is soli or the anglicised form solos. In some context these are interchangeable, but soli tends to be restricted to classical music, and tends to refer to either the solo performers or the solo passages in a single piece: it would not often be used to refer to several pieces that happen to be for single performers. Furthermore, the word soli can be used to refer to a small number of simultaneous parts assigned to single players in an orchestral composition. In the Baroque concerto grosso, the term for such a group of soloists was concertino.
/m/01p85y	Kim Victoria Cattrall is an English-Canadian actress. She is known for her role as Samantha Jones in the HBO comedy/romance series Sex and the City and for her leading roles in the 1980s films Police Academy, Big Trouble in Little China, Mannequin, Porky's and Star Trek VI: The Undiscovered Country. For her role as Samantha Jones, she won a Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress in 2002 and received four nominations for the role. Her success in Sex and the City also led her to receive two Screen Actors Guild Awards out of seven nominations and five Emmy Award nominations for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series.\nIn 2005, TV Guide ranked Cattrall # 8 on its \"50 Sexiest Stars of All Time\" list.
/m/015x74	The Adventures of Baron Munchausen is a 1988 British adventure fantasy comedy film co-written and directed by Terry Gilliam, starring John Neville, Sarah Polley, Eric Idle, Jonathan Pryce, Oliver Reed, and Uma Thurman.\nBased on the tall tales that the 18th-century German nobleman Baron Münchhausen was alleged to have told about his wartime exploits against the Ottoman Empire, the film was critically well-received but was a commercial failure.
/m/09kr66	Russian Americans are primarily Americans who trace their ancestry to Russia. The definition can be applied to recent Russian immigrants to the United States, as well as to settlers of 19th-century Russian settlements in northwestern America which includes today's Alaska, California, and Oregon.\nSome Rusyn Americans identify as Russian American.
/m/029_l	Delroy George Lindo is an English actor, theatre director. Lindo has been nominated for the Tony and Screen Actors Guild awards and has won a Satellite Award. He is perhaps best known for his roles as West Indian Archie in Spike Lee's Malcolm X, Catlett in Get Shorty, Arthur Rose in The Cider House Rules, Detective Castlebeck in Gone in 60 Seconds and Woody Carmichael in the Spike Lee film Crooklyn. He is currently known for having starred as Alderman Ronin Gibbons in The Chicago Code.
/m/0hr3g	Richard Georg Strauss was a leading German composer of the late Romantic and early modern eras. He is known for his operas, which include Der Rosenkavalier and Salome; his lieder, especially his Four Last Songs; and his tone poems Death and Transfiguration, Till Eulenspiegel's Merry Pranks, Also sprach Zarathustra, An Alpine Symphony, and other orchestral works, such as Metamorphosen. Strauss was also a prominent conductor throughout Germany and Austria.\nStrauss, along with Gustav Mahler, represents the late flowering of German Romanticism after Richard Wagner and Franz Liszt, in which pioneering subtleties of orchestration are combined with an advanced harmonic style.
/m/09lmb	Reality television is a genre of television programming that documents unscripted situations and actual occurrences, and often features a previously unknown cast. The genre often highlights personal drama and conflict to a much greater extent than other unscripted television such as documentary shows. The genre has various standard tropes, such as reality TV confessionals used by cast members to express their thoughts, which often double as the shows' narration. In competition-based reality shows, a notable subset, there are other common elements such as one participant being eliminated per episode, a panel of judges, and the concept of immunity from elimination.\nThe genre began in earnest in the early to mid-1990s with The Real World. It then exploded as a phenomenon in the late 1990s and early 2000s with the global success of the series Survivor and Big Brother. These shows and a number of others became global franchises, spawning local versions in dozens of countries. Reality television as a whole has become a fixture of television programming. In the United States, various channels have retooled themselves to focus on reality TV, most famously MTV, which began in the 1980s as a music video pioneer, before switching to a nearly all-reality format in the early 2000s.
/m/0gw2y6	Ajax Cape Town is a South African football club based in the Parow suburb of the city of Cape Town that plays in the Premier Soccer League. Dutch Eredivisie club AFC Ajax is the parent club and acts as the majority shareholder.
/m/02f77l	The MTV Video Music Award for Best Rock Video was first given out in 1989, and it was one of the four original genre categories added to the VMAs that year. That year, though, the award was called the Best Heavy Metal Video. From 1990 to 1995, the award was called the Best Metal/Hard Rock Video, and in 1996, the award was once again renamed Best Hard Rock Video. Finally, in 1997 the award acquired its present, more general name of Best Rock Video, as, after 1998, acts which would have previously been eligible for the Best Alternative Video award became eligible for this one. This award was not given out in 2007, as the VMAs were revamped and most original categories were eliminated. In 2008, though, MTV brought back this category, along with several of the others that were retired in 2007. Aerosmith is both the biggest winner and the biggest nominee in this category, having been nominated a record eight times for this award and winning four of these. Linkin Park and Metallica are tied as the second most-nominated acts, each having received a total of six nominations; however, Linkin Park is also the second biggest winner in this category with three wins.
/m/0295sy	Hook is a 1991 American fantasy adventure film directed by Steven Spielberg and written by James V. Hart and Malia Scotch Marmo. It stars Robin Williams as Peter Pan/Peter Banning, Dustin Hoffman as the titular character of Captain Hook, Julia Roberts as Tinker Bell, Bob Hoskins as Smee, Maggie Smith as Granny Wendy, Caroline Goodall as Moira Banning, and Charlie Korsmo as Jack Banning. The film acts as a sequel to J. M. Barrie's 1911 novel Peter and Wendy, focusing on a grown-up Peter Pan who has forgotten his childhood. Now known as Peter Banning he is a successful corporate lawyer with a wife and two children. Hook kidnaps his children, and Peter must return to Neverland and reclaim his youthful spirit in order to challenge his old enemy.\nSpielberg began developing the film in the early 1980s with Walt Disney Productions and Paramount Pictures, which would have followed the storyline seen in the 1924 silent film and 1953 animated film. Peter Pan entered pre-production in 1985, but Spielberg abandoned the project. James V. Hart developed the script with director Nick Castle and TriStar Pictures before Spielberg decided to direct in 1989. Hook was shot almost entirely on sound stages at Sony Pictures Studios in Culver City, California. Although it received mostly negative reviews by critics, it became a box office success and it was nominated for multiple categories at the 64th Academy Awards. It also spawned merchandise, including video games, action figures and comic book adaptations.
/m/018x0q	Salford lies at the heart of the City of Salford, a metropolitan borough of Greater Manchester, in North West England. Salford is sited in a meander of the River Irwell, which forms in part its boundary with the city of Manchester to the east. The Salford wards of Broughton and Kersal are on the other side of the river. Together with its neighbouring towns to the west, Salford forms the local government district of the City of Salford, which is administered from Swinton. The former County Borough of Salford, which included Broughton, Pendleton and Kersal, was granted honorific city status in 1926; it has a resident population of 72,750 and occupies an area of 8.1 square miles. The wider City of Salford district has a population of 219,200.\nHistorically in Lancashire, Salford's early history is marked by its status as a Royal caput and the judicial seat of the ancient hundred of Salfordshire, to which it lent its name. It was granted a charter by Ranulf de Blondeville, 6th Earl of Chester, in about 1230, making Salford a free borough. During the early stages of its growth, Salford was of greater cultural and commercial importance than its neighbour Manchester, although most contemporary sources agree that since the Industrial Revolution of the late 18th and early 19th centuries that position has been reversed.
/m/019_1h	Omar Sharif is a retired Egyptian actor who has starred in Hollywood films, including Lawrence of Arabia, Doctor Zhivago and Funny Girl. He has been nominated for an Academy Award and has won two Golden Globe Awards.
/m/01gj8_	Nandamuri Taraka Rama Rao, popularly known as N. T. Rama Rao or by his initials NTR, was an Indian film actor, director, producer, and politician who also served as the Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh for three terms. He received three National Film Awards for co-producing Thodu Dongalu and Seetharama Kalyanam under National Art Theater, Madras, and directing Varakatnam, and He garnered the Inaugural Filmfare Award for Best Actor – Telugu in 1972.\nNTR made his debut as an actor in a Telugu social film Mana Desam, directed by L. V. Prasad in 1949. He gained popularity in the 1950s when he became well known for his portrayals of Hindu deities, especially Krishna and Rama, roles which have made him a \"messiah of the masses\". He later became known for portraying antagonistic characters and Robin Hood-esque hero characters in films. In total he starred in over 320 Telugu films and has become one of the most prominent figures in the history of Telugu cinema.\nBesides Telugu, he has also acted in a few Tamil films. Widely recognised for his portrayal of mythological characters, NTR was considered as one of the leading method actors of Indian cinema, He was referred to in the media as Viswa Vikhyatha Nata Sarvabhouma. He was awarded the Padma Shri by the Government of India in 1968, recognizing his contribution to Telugu cinema.
/m/01p4vl	Christopher Ashton Kutcher is an American actor, producer, and former model. He is known for his portrayal of Michael Kelso in the Fox sitcom That '70s Show. He also created, produced, and hosted Punk'd and had lead roles in the Hollywood films Jobs, Dude, Where's My Car?, Just Married, The Butterfly Effect, The Guardian, and What Happens in Vegas.\nKutcher currently stars as Walden Schmidt on the CBS sitcom Two and a Half Men, since Charlie Sheen's firing from the show in 2011.
/m/0151w_	Benjamin Géza Affleck-Boldt, better known as Ben Affleck, is an American actor, film director, producer, and screenwriter. He first came to attention for his performances in the Kevin Smith films Mallrats, Chasing Amy, and Dogma. In 1997, Affleck gained recognition as a writer when he won the Academy Award and Golden Globe Award for Best Original Screenplay for Good Will Hunting, which he co-wrote and in which he co-starred with actor Matt Damon. He later achieved international recognition for starring in films such as Armageddon, Pearl Harbor, Changing Lanes, The Sum of All Fears, Daredevil, Hollywoodland, State of Play, and The Town.\nAffleck is also critically acclaimed film director. He gained recognition as a director for his directorial debut Gone Baby Gone for which he won the National Board of Review Award for Best Directorial Debut. He then directed and starred in The Town and Argo, which won him the Golden Globe Award, BAFTA, and Directors Guild Award for Best Director, and the Golden Globe Award, BAFTA, the Producers Guild Award, and the Academy Award for Best Picture. He will continue his directorial career when he adapts Dennis Lehane's 2012 novel Live by Night for a 2015 theatrical release.
/m/01yf85	Jessica Marie Alba is an American television and film actress and model. She began her television and movie appearances at age 13 in Camp Nowhere and The Secret World of Alex Mack. Alba rose to prominence as the lead actress in the James Cameron television series Dark Angel when she was 19 years-old.\nAlba later appeared in Honey, Sin City, Fantastic Four, Into the Blue, Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer and Good Luck Chuck.\nAlba has been called a sex symbol. She appears on the \"Hot 100\" section of Maxim and was voted number one on AskMen.com's list of \"99 Most Desirable Women\" in 2006, as well as \"Sexiest Woman in the World\" by FHM in 2007. In 2005, TV Guide ranked her # 45 on its \"50 Sexiest Stars of All Time\" list. The use of her image on the cover of the March 2006 Playboy sparked a lawsuit by her, which was later dropped. She has also won various awards for her acting, including the Choice Actress Teen Choice Award and Saturn Award for Best Actress on Television, and a Golden Globe nomination for her lead role in the television series Dark Angel.
/m/017kct	Oh! What a Lovely War is a 1969 musical film directed by Richard Attenborough, with a cast including Dirk Bogarde, John Gielgud, John Mills, Kenneth More, Laurence Olivier, Jack Hawkins, Corin Redgrave, Michael Redgrave, Vanessa Redgrave, Ralph Richardson, Maggie Smith, Ian Holm, Paul Shelley, Malcolm McFee, Jean-Pierre Cassel, Nanette Newman, Edward Fox, Susannah York, John Clements, Phyllis Calvert and Maurice Roëves.\nThe film is based on the stage musical Oh, What a Lovely War!, originated by Charles Chilton as a radio play, The Long Long Trail in December 1961, and transferred to stage by Gerry Raffles in partnership with Joan Littlewood and her Theatre Workshop in 1963.\nThe title is derived from the music hall song Oh! It's a Lovely War, which is one of the major numbers in the film.
/m/018wng	This is a list of films by year that have received an Oscar together with the other nominations for best documentary short subject. Following the Academy's practice, the year listed for each film is the year of release: the awards are announced and presented early in the following year.
/m/01xwqn	Arthur Steven \"Artie\" Lange, Jr. is an American actor, comedian, radio personality, and author best known for his tenures with the The Howard Stern Show and the comedy sketch series MADtv. He is the host of a sports and entertainment radio show named The Artie Lange Show.\nLange performed his first stand-up comedy routine at 19 years of age. He took up work as a longshoreman to help support his family following the death of his quadriplegic father. In 1995, Lange starred in the first season of MADtv before leaving halfway through the second due to cocaine abuse and his subsequent arrest. After a period of rehabilitation, Lange featured in Dirty Work with Norm Macdonald, who brought Lange into the second season of his sitcom, The Norm Show. In 2001, Lange joined The Howard Stern Show until December 2009 when a suicide attempt in January 2010 led to an eight-month stay in a psychiatric ward. In 2011, Lange returned to radio with Nick DiPaolo to co-host The Nick & Artie Show. In January 2013, it was renamed The Artie Lange Show after DiPaolo's departure.\nLange has released two recordings of comedy performances–It's the Whiskey Talkin' and Jack and Coke. He co-wrote, produced, and starred in his feature film Artie Lange's Beer League, co-wrote his memoirs Too Fat to Fish and Crash and Burn.
/m/0nb1s	Golders Green Crematorium and Mausoleum was the first crematorium to be opened in London, and one of the oldest crematoria in Britain. The land for the crematorium was purchased in 1900, costing £6,000, and the crematorium was opened in 1902 by Sir Henry Thompson.\nThe crematorium, the Philipson Family mausoleum, designed by Edwin Lutyens, the wall, along with memorials and gates, the Martin Smith Mausoleum, and Into The Silent Land statue are all Grade II listed buildings. The gardens are included in the National Register of Historic Parks and Gardens.\nGolders Green Crematorium, as it is usually called, is in Hoop Lane, off Finchley Road, Golders Green, London NW11, ten minutes' walk from Golders Green tube station. It is directly opposite the Golders Green Jewish Cemetery. The crematorium is secular, accepts all faiths and non-believers; clients may arrange their own type of service or remembrance event and choose whatever music they wish.
/m/0jyb4	Jaws is a 1975 American thriller film directed by Steven Spielberg and based on Peter Benchley's novel of the same name. The prototypical summer blockbuster, its release is regarded as a watershed moment in motion picture history. In the story, a giant man-eating great white shark attacks beachgoers on Amity Island, a fictional summer resort town, prompting the local police chief to hunt it with the help of a marine biologist and a professional shark hunter. The film stars Roy Scheider as police chief Martin Brody, Richard Dreyfuss as oceanographer Matt Hooper, Robert Shaw as shark hunter Quint, Murray Hamilton as the mayor of Amity Island, and Lorraine Gary as Brody's wife, Ellen. The screenplay is credited to both Benchley, who wrote the first drafts, and actor-writer Carl Gottlieb, who rewrote the script during principal photography.\nShot mostly on location on Martha's Vineyard, Massachusetts, the film had a troubled production, going over budget and past schedule. As the art department's mechanical sharks suffered many malfunctions, Spielberg decided to mostly suggest the animal's presence, employing an ominous, minimalistic theme created by composer John Williams to indicate the shark's impending appearances. Spielberg and others have compared this suggestive approach to that of classic thriller director Alfred Hitchcock. Universal Pictures gave the film what was then an exceptionally wide release for a major studio picture, over 450 screens, accompanied by an extensive marketing campaign with a heavy emphasis on television spots and tie-in merchandise.
/m/01rt5h	Testicular cancer is cancer that develops in the testicles, a part of the male reproductive system.\nIn the United States, between 7,500 and 8,000 diagnoses of testicular cancer are made each year. In the UK, approximately 2,000 men are diagnosed each year, and over his lifetime, a man's risk of testicular cancer is roughly 1 in 200. It is the most common cancer in males aged 20–39 years, the period of peak incidence, and is rarely seen before the age of 15 years.\nTesticular cancer has one of the highest cure rates of all cancers: If the cancer hasn’t spread outside the testicle, the 5-year relative survival rate is 99%. Even if the cancer has grown into nearby structures or has spread to nearby lymph nodes, the rate is 96%. If it has spread to organs or lymph nodes away from the tumor, the 5-year relative survival rate is around 74%.. Even for the relatively few cases in which malignant cancer has spread widely, modern chemotherapy offers a cure rate of at least 80%.\nNot all lumps on the testicles are tumors, and not all tumors are malignant. There are many other conditions, such as testicular microlithiasis, epididymal cysts, and appendix testis, which may be painful but are non-cancerous.
/m/01gzm2	Nora Ephron was an American journalist, essayist, playwright, screenwriter, novelist, producer, director, and blogger.\nEphron is best known for her romantic comedies and was nominated three times for the Academy Award for Best Writing: for Silkwood, When Harry Met Sally..., and Sleepless in Seattle. She won a BAFTA Award for Best Original Screenplay for When Harry Met Sally.... She sometimes wrote with her sister Delia Ephron. Her last film was Julie & Julia. She also co-authored the Drama Desk Award–winning theatrical production Love, Loss, and What I Wore. In 2013, Ephron received a posthumous Tony Award nomination for Best Play for her play Lucky Guy.
/m/048gd_	Club Deportivo Olimpia, commonly referred to as Olimpia, is a professional Honduran football club based in Tegucigalpa, Francisco Morazán and founded in 1912. The club is the nation's most successful team having won 27 domestic league titles. They are the only Honduran club that has won the CONCACAF Champions Cup twice, one in 1972 and 1988.
/m/034m8	Guyana, officially the Co-operative Republic of Guyana, is a sovereign state on the northern coast of South America. Although Guyana is part of the Anglophone Caribbean, it is one of the few Caribbean countries that is not an island. The Caribbean Community, of which Guyana is a member, has its secretariat's headquarters in Guyana's capital, Georgetown.\nGuyana was originally colonized by the Netherlands. Later, it became a British colony and remained so for over 200 years until it achieved independence on 26 May 1966 from the United Kingdom. On 23 February 1970, Guyana officially became a republic. In 2008, the country joined the Union of South American Nations as a founding member.\nGuyana is a member state of the Commonwealth of Nations and has the distinction of being the only South American nation in which English is the official language. The majority of the population, however, speak Guyanese Creole; an English-based creole language with slight Dutch, West African, Arawakan and Caribbean influences.\nHistorically, the region known as \"Guiana\" or \"Guyana\" comprised the large shield landmass north of the Amazon River and east of the Orinoco River known as the \"Land of many waters\". Historical Guyana consists of three Dutch colonies: Essequibo, Demerara, and Berbice. Modern Guyana is bordered by Suriname to the east, by Brazil to the south and southwest, by Venezuela to the west, and by the Atlantic Ocean to the north. At 215,000 square kilometres, Guyana is the third-smallest independent state on the mainland of South America after Uruguay and Suriname. Its population is approximately 770,000.
/m/0m3gy	Halloween is a 1978 American independent slasher horror film directed and scored by John Carpenter, co-written with producer Debra Hill, and starring Donald Pleasence and Jamie Lee Curtis in her film debut. The film was the first installment in what became the Halloween franchise. The plot is set in the fictional Midwestern town of Haddonfield, Illinois. On Halloween night in 1963, a six-year-old Michael Myers murders his older sister by stabbing her with a kitchen knife. Fifteen years later, he escapes from a psychiatric hospital, returns home, and stalks teenager Laurie Strode and her friends. Michael's psychiatrist Dr. Sam Loomis suspects Michael's intentions, and follows him to Haddonfield to try to prevent him from killing.\nHalloween was produced on a budget of $325,000 and grossed $47 million at the box office in the United States, and $70 million worldwide, equivalent to $250 million as of 2014, becoming one of the most profitable independent films. Many critics credit the film as the first in a long line of slasher films inspired by Alfred Hitchcock's Psycho. Halloween had many imitators and originated several clichés found in low-budget horror films of the 1980s and 1990s. Unlike many of its imitators, Halloween contains little graphic violence and gore. In 2006, it was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant\".
/m/08322	Wuxia, which literally means \"martial hero\", is a broad genre of Chinese fiction concerning the adventures of martial artists. Although wuxia is traditionally a form of literature, its popularity has caused it to spread to diverse art forms such as Chinese opera, manhua, films, television series and video games. It is a component of popular culture in many Chinese-speaking communities around the world.\nThe word \"wuxia\" is a compound word composed of the words wu and xia. A martial artist who follows the code of xia is often referred to as a xiake or youxia. In some translated works of wuxia, the martial artist is sometimes termed as a \"swordsman\" or \"swordswoman\" even though he or she may not necessarily wield a sword.\nTypically, the heroes in wuxia fiction do not serve a lord, wield military power or belong to the aristocratic class. They are often from the lower social classes of ancient Chinese society. Wuxia heroes are usually bound by a code of chivalry that requires them to right wrongs, fight for righteousness, remove an oppressor, redress wrongs and bring retribution for past misdeeds. The Chinese xia traditions can be compared to martial codes from other countries, such as the Japanese samurai's bushido tradition, the chivalry of medieval European knights and the gunslingers of America's Westerns.
/m/087yty	Joseph Francis Biroc, A.S.C. was an American cinematographer. He was born in New York City and began working in films at the Paragon Studios in Fort Lee, New Jersey. After working there for approximately six years, he moved to Los Angeles. Once in Southern California, Biroc worked at the RKO Pictures movie studio. During World War II, he served in the U.S. Army Signal Corps, and filmed the Liberation of Paris in August 1944. In 1950, Biroc left RKO Pictures and freelanced on projects at various studios. In addition to his film work, which included It's a Wonderful Life and The Flight of the Phoenix, Biroc worked on various television series, including the Adventures of Superman and Wonder Woman.\nBiroc frequently collaborated with film director Robert Aldrich.
/m/0d0vqn	Sweden, officially the Kingdom of Sweden, is a Scandinavian country in Northern Europe. Sweden borders Norway and Finland, and is connected to Denmark by a bridge-tunnel across the Øresund.\nAt 450,295 square kilometres, Sweden is the third-largest country in the European Union by area, with a total population of about 9.6 million. Sweden has a low population density of 21 inhabitants per square kilometre with the population mostly concentrated to the southern half of the country. About 85% of the population live in urban areas. Sweden's capital city is Stockholm, which is also the largest city. Since the early 19th century Sweden has generally been at peace and has largely avoided war.\nToday, Sweden is a constitutional monarchy with a parliamentary democracy form of government and a highly developed economy. Sweden has the world's eighth-highest per capita income. In 2013, it ranked second in the world on the Democracy Index, seventh on the 2013 United Nations' Human Development Index, second on the 2013 OECD Better Life Index and fourth on the 2013 Legatum Prosperity Index.
/m/02f777	The MTV Video Music Award for Best Dance Video was first awarded in 1989, and it was one of the original four genre categories that were added to the MTV Video Music Awards that year. With a revamp of the awards in 2007, the category was cut out along with several others, yet it returned for the 2008 awards, where it was given a new name: Best Dancing in a Video. In 2009 the award for Best Dancing was again eliminated from the VMAs, but it was revived again in 2010 as Best Dance Music Video. The following year, though, the award was once again absent from the category list. Once again, the award was revived in 2012, this time under the name of Best Electronic Dance Music Video, celebrating the rise in popularity of EDM throughout the year. It was again eliminated for the 2013 awards.\nThe Pussycat Dolls, who are also the only artists to have won this award under its two names, are the category's biggest winners, having won it twice. Madonna and Janet Jackson, on the other hand, are the two most nominated artists, each having been nominated six times for this category, followed by Jennifer Lopez, who has been nominated five times.
/m/05h43ls	Sex and the City 2 is a 2010 American romantic comedy film co-written, produced and directed by Michael Patrick King. It is the sequel to the 2008 film Sex and the City, which is based on the HBO TV series of the same name.\nThe film was released in cinemas on May 27, 2010, in the United States and May 28, 2010, in the United Kingdom. The film stars Sarah Jessica Parker, Kim Cattrall, Kristin Davis, Cynthia Nixon and Chris Noth, who reprised their roles from the previous film and television series. It also features cameos from Liza Minnelli, Miley Cyrus, Tim Gunn, Ron White, Omid Djalili and Penélope Cruz, as well as Broadway actors, Norm Lewis, Kelli O'Hara, and Ryan Silverman. It received negative reviews from critics, but was a commercial success.
/m/03hy3g	Jim Sheridan is an Irish film director. A six-time Academy Award nominee, Sheridan is perhaps best known for his films My Left Foot, In the Name of the Father, The Field and In America.
/m/01w58n3	Gloria María Milagrosa Fajardo García de Estefan, known professionally as Gloria Estefan, is a Cuban-born American singer, songwriter, actress, and entrepreneur. She is in the top 100 best selling music artists with an estimated 100 million records sold worldwide, 31.5 million of those in the United States alone. She has won seven Grammy Awards and is the most successful crossover performer in Latin music to date.
/m/01722w	The Royal College of St. Peter in Westminster, better known as Westminster School and standing in the precincts of Westminster Abbey in London, is one of Britain's leading independent schools, with the highest Oxford and Cambridge acceptance rates of any secondary school or college in Britain. With a history going back to the 11th century, the school's notable alumni include Ben Jonson, John Dryden, Robert Hooke, Christopher Wren, John Locke, Jeremy Bentham, Edward Gibbon, Henry Mayhew, A. A. Milne, Tony Benn and seven Prime Ministers. Boys are admitted to the Under School at age seven, and to the senior school at age thirteen; girls are admitted only at sixteen. The school has around 750 pupils; around a quarter are boarders, most of whom go home at weekends, after Saturday morning school. It is one of the original nine British public schools as defined by the Public Schools Act 1868.
/m/022_lg	William Friedkin is an American film director, producer and screenwriter best known for directing The French Connection in 1971 and The Exorcist in 1973; for the former, he won the Academy Award for Best Director. Some of his other films include Sorcerer, Cruising, To Live and Die in L.A., The Guardian, Jade, Bug, and Killer Joe.
/m/0fd6qb	The career of set decorator Edward G. Boyle kicked off in the early 30s, when he started working on the first of over 100 films. His successful filmography includes such credits as an uncredited assist on the wartorn old South in Victor Fleming's classic Gone with the Wind, the Nazi-influenced designs for Charles Chaplin's fictional country of Tomania in The Great Dictator, the gritty boxing world in Robert Rossen's Body and Soul and Mark Robson's Champion, an elegant Bournemouth seaside hotel in Separate Tables, island life at the turn of the century in George Roy Hill's Hawaii and the sophisticated demi-monde of the multi-millionaire lifestyles in Norman Jewison's The Thomas Crown Affair.\nWinner of the Academy Award in 1960 for Billy Wilder's The Apartment, Boyle was nominated six other times: for The Son of Monte Cristo in 1940, Some Like It Hot in 1959, The Children's Hour in 1961, Seven Days in May in 1964, The Fortune Cookie in 1966 and Gaily Gaily in 1969.
/m/0tj9	Amitabh Harivansh Bachchan is an Indian film actor. He first gained popularity in the early 1970s as the \"angry young man\" of Bollywood, and has since appeared in over 180 Indian films in a career spanning more than four decades. Bachchan is widely regarded as one of the greatest and most influential actors in the history of Indian cinema. So total was his dominance of the movie scene in the 1970s and 1980s that the French director François Truffaut called him a \"one-man industry\".\nBachchan has won many major awards in his career, including three National Film Awards as Best Actor, a number of awards at international film festivals and award ceremonies and fourteen Filmfare Awards. He is the most-nominated performer in any major acting category at Filmfare, with 39 nominations overall. In addition to acting, Bachchan has worked as a playback singer, film producer and television presenter. He also had a stint in politics in the 1980s. The Government of India honoured him with the Padma Shri in 1984 and the Padma Bhushan in 2001 for his contributions towards the arts.\nBachchan made his Hollywood debut in 2013 with The Great Gatsby, in which he played a non-Indian Jewish character, Meyer Wolfsheim.
/m/02xs5v	Brian Denis Cox, CBE is a Scottish actor. He is known for his work with the Royal Shakespeare Company, where he gained recognition for his portrayal of King Lear. He has also appeared in many Hollywood productions playing parts such as Dr. Guggenheim in Rushmore, Captain O'Hagan in Super Troopers, William Stryker in X2: X-Men United and Agamemnon in Troy. He was the first actor to portray Hannibal Lecter on film in the 1986 movie Manhunter.
/m/040rjq	Martin McDonagh is a playwright, filmmaker and screenwriter, with both British and Irish citizenship. He has been described as one of the most important living Irish playwrights.
/m/01grmk	The 1st United States Congress, consisting of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives, met from March 4, 1789 to March 4, 1791, during the first two years of George Washington's presidency, first at Federal Hall in New York City and later at Congress Hall in Philadelphia. The apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives was based on the provisions of Article I, Section 2, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. Both chambers had a Pro-Administration majority. This Congress passed the ten amendments now called the Bill of Rights.
/m/01773g	Stavanger is a city and municipality in Norway. The city is the third-largest urban zone and metropolitan area in Norway and the administrative centre of Rogaland county. The municipality is the fourth most populous in Norway. Located on the Stavanger Peninsula in Southwest Norway, Stavanger counts its official founding year as 1125, the year Stavanger cathedral was completed. Stavanger's core is to a large degree 18th and 19th century wooden houses that are protected and considered part of the city's cultural heritage. This has caused the town centre and inner city to retain a small-town character with an unusually high ratio of detached houses, and has contributed significantly to spreading the city's population growth to outlying parts of Greater Stavanger.\nThe city's rapid population growth in the late 1900s was primarily a result of Norway's booming offshore oil industry. Today the oil industry is a key industry in the Stavanger region and the city is widely referred to as the Oil Capital of Norway. The largest company in the Nordic region, Norwegian energy company Statoil is headquartered in Stavanger. Multiple educational institutions for higher education are located in Stavanger. The largest of these is the University of Stavanger.
/m/01yxbw	Exeter City Football Club is an English professional football club, based in Exeter, that plays in Football League Two, the fourth tier in the English football league system. The club is owned by the club's supporters through the Exeter City Supporters Trust.\nThe club was a member of the Football League from 1920 to 2003. Following five seasons in the Conference National, Exeter were promoted back to League Two for the 2008–09 season and immediately achieved automatic promotion to League One for the 2009–10 season. In the 2011–12 season of League One Exeter City were relegated to League Two, finishing twenty-third with 48 points.\nExeter City was founded in 1904 and began playing on an old field used for fattening pigs, St James Park. Exeter remain at St James Park to this day. The club is nicknamed \"The Grecians\". For the 2013–14 season City's home kit is supplied by Joma and it consists of red and white shirts, black shorts, and white socks.
/m/0nm3n	York County is a county located in the U.S. state of Maine. As of the 2010 census, the population was 197,131. Its county seat is Alfred.\nFounded in 1636, it is the oldest county in Maine and one of the oldest in the United States.\nYork County is part of the Portland-South Portland-Biddeford metropolitan area.
/m/03lvwp	The Portrait of a Lady is a 1996 film adaptation of Henry James's novel The Portrait of a Lady directed by Jane Campion.\nThe film stars Nicole Kidman, Barbara Hershey, John Malkovich, Mary-Louise Parker, Martin Donovan, Shelley Duvall, Richard E. Grant, Shelley Winters, Viggo Mortensen, Valentina Cervi, Christian Bale, and John Gielgud.
/m/043yj	Jackson is the capital and largest city of the U.S. state of Mississippi. Located south of the Yazoo River, it is considered to be at the southern border of the Mississippi Delta and is one of two county seats of Hinds County, with the city of Raymond being the other. The city, the anchor for its metro area, is named after Andrew Jackson, who was a general at the time of the naming and later became US president. The current slogan for the city is \"Jackson, Mississippi: City with Soul.\"\nThe population of the city declined from 184,256 at the 2000 census to 173,514 at the 2010 census. The 2010 census ascribed a population of 539,057 to the five-county Jackson metropolitan area. Nevertheless the city is ranked third out of America's 100 largest metro areas for the best \"Bang For Your Buck\" city according to Forbes magazine. The study measured overall affordability, housing rates, and more.\nUSS Jackson will be the first ship of the United States Navy to be named in honor of the city.
/m/0s6jm	Wheaton is an affluent city in Milton and Winfield Townships, and the county seat of DuPage County, Illinois, United States, approximately 25 miles west of Chicago and Lake Michigan. As of the 2010 census, the city had a total population of 52,894, which was estimated to have increased to 53,469 by July 2012. In 2010, it was listed by Money magazine as one of the 25 highest earning towns in the United States.
/m/07gbf	Twin Peaks is an American television serial drama created by Mark Frost and David Lynch. It follows an investigation headed by FBI Special Agent Dale Cooper into the murder of homecoming queen Laura Palmer. Its pilot episode was first broadcast on April 8, 1990, on ABC. Seven more episodes were produced, and the series was renewed for a second season that aired until June 10, 1991. The show's title came from the small, fictional Washington town in which it was set. Exteriors were primarily filmed in the Washington towns of Snoqualmie and North Bend, though additional exteriors were shot in southern California. Most of the interior scenes were shot on standing sets in a San Fernando Valley warehouse.\nTwin Peaks became one of the top-rated shows of 1990 and was a critical success both nationally and internationally. It captured a devoted cult fan base and became a part of popular culture that has been referenced in television shows, commercials, comic books, video games, films and song lyrics. Declining viewer ratings led to ABC's insistence that the identity of Laura's murderer be revealed midway through the second season. The series was followed by a 1992 feature film, Twin Peaks: Fire Walk with Me, which serves as a prequel to the television series.
/m/01htzx	Action is one of the fiction-writing modes authors use to present fiction. Action includes movement, not meaning like standing up, but big movements. The term is also used to describe an exciting event or circumstance.
/m/0cqhmg	The Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Comedy Series is an award given by the Screen Actors Guild to honor the finest female acting achievement in a comedy series. Actresses are eligible for the award whether they appear in leading or supporting roles in their respective programs.
/m/03gvsvn	[PIAS] Recordings is an independent record label and is the recorded music division of the [PIAS] Entertainment Group, a European independent artist and label services company.\nThe record labels that operate under the [PIAS] Recordings umbrella are: Play It Again Sam, and Different Recordings. The [PIAS] Recordings division and its two labels are run out of [PIAS]'s UK office in Bermondsey, London.\nAside from the two London-based labels, [PIAS] Recordings has local A&R operations in France, Germany, Belgium, The Netherlands, Spain and the United States, signing local artists such as Miossec and The Chase in France, Gisbert zu Knyphausen in Germany, Gabriel Rios and Daan in Belgium, Racoon and Anneke van Giersbergen in The Netherlands and Ojos de Brujo from Spain.
/m/037cr1	Peter Pan is a 2003 fantasy film released by Universal Pictures, Columbia Pictures and Revolution Studios. P. J. Hogan directed a screenplay co-written with Michael Goldenberg which is based on the classic play and novel by J. M. Barrie. Jason Isaacs plays the roles of Captain Hook and George Darling, Olivia Williams plays Mrs. Darling, while Jeremy Sumpter plays Peter Pan, Rachel Hurd-Wood portrays Wendy Darling, and Ludivine Sagnier plays Tinker Bell. Noted actress Lynn Redgrave plays a supporting role as Aunt Millicent, a new character created for the film. Contrary to the traditional stage casting, it featured a boy in the title role.
/m/02z6gky	The 2008 Sundance Film Festival ran from January 17, 2008 to January 27 in Park City, Utah. It was the 24th iteration of the Sundance Film Festival. The opening night film was In Bruges and the closing night film was CSNY Déjà Vu.
/m/08htt0	Parsons The New School For Design is a private art and design college of The New School university, located in the Greenwich Village neighborhood of Lower Manhattan in New York City. With more than 25 undergraduate and graduate programs, Parsons is widely recognized as one of the most prestigious art and design universities in the world.\nParsons is a member of the National Association of Schools of Art and Design and the Association of Independent Colleges of Art and Design.
/m/05q96q6	Robin Hood is a 2010 British-American epic adventure film based on the Robin Hood legend, directed by Ridley Scott and starring Russell Crowe and Cate Blanchett. It was released in 12 countries on 12 May 2010, including the United Kingdom and Republic of Ireland, and was also the opening film at the 2010 Cannes Film Festival the same day. It was released in a further 23 countries the following day, among them Australia, and an additional 17 countries on 14 May 2010, among them the United States and Canada.
/m/01fx6y	Ryan's Daughter is a 1970 film directed by David Lean. The film, set in 1916, tells the story of a married Irish woman who has an affair with a British officer during World War I, despite opposition from her nationalist neighbours. The film is a very loose adaptation of Gustave Flaubert's novel Madame Bovary.\nThe film stars Robert Mitchum, Sarah Miles, John Mills, Christopher Jones, Trevor Howard and Leo McKern, with a score by Maurice Jarre. It was photographed in Super Panavision 70 by Freddie Young.\nIn its initial release, Ryan's Daughter was harshly received by critics but was a box office success, grossing nearly $31 million on a budget of $13.3 million, making the film the eighth highest-grossing picture of 1970. It received two Academy Awards.
/m/06qgvf	Carla Gugino is an American actress.\nShe is well known for her roles of Ingrid Cortez in the Spy Kids film trilogy, Dr. Vera Gorski in Sucker Punch, Lucille in Sin City, Amanda Daniels in seasons 3, 5 and 7 of Entourage, Sally Jupiter in Watchmen and as the lead characters of the television series Karen Sisco and Threshold. Her feature film work includes starring roles in Son in Law, Night at the Museum, Race to Witch Mountain, American Gangster and Mr. Popper's Penguins. Gugino has a lead role in the 2012 mini-series, Political Animals.
/m/0ml25	Dane County is a county in the state of Wisconsin. As of the 2010 census, the population was 488,073. making it the second-most populous county in Wisconsin. The county seat is Madison, which is also the state capital.\nDane County is part of the Madison, WI Metropolitan Statistical Area as well as the Madison-Janesville-Beloit, WI Combined Statistical Area.
/m/0303jw	The Azerbaijan national football team is the national football team of Azerbaijan and is controlled by Association of Football Federations of Azerbaijan. It represents Azerbaijan in international football competitions. The majority of Azerbaijan's home matches are held at the national stadium, Tofiq Bahramov Stadium, with friendly matches sometimes hosted at club stadiums.\nThe Azerbaijan national football team has taken part in qualification for each major tournament since Euro 96, but has never qualified for the finals tournament of any World Cup or European Championships.
/m/0gj8nq2	Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter is a 2012 American dark fantasy action film directed by Timur Bekmambetov, based on the 2010 mashup novel of the same name. The novel's author, Seth Grahame-Smith, wrote the screenplay with Simon Kinberg. Benjamin Walker stars as the title character. The real-life figure Abraham Lincoln, the 16th President of the United States, is portrayed in the novel and the film as having a secret identity as a vampire hunter.\nThe film was produced by Tim Burton, Bekmambetov and Jim Lemley. Filming began in Louisiana in March 2011 and the film was released in 3D on June 20, 2012 in the United Kingdom and June 22, 2012 in the United States. The movie received mixed reviews, praising the action sequences and originality, but criticized for its lack of story and pacing.
/m/03pm9	Henrik Johan Ibsen was a major 19th-century Norwegian playwright, theatre director, and poet. He is often referred to as \"the father of realism\" and is one of the founders of Modernism in theatre. His major works include Brand, Peer Gynt, An Enemy of the People, Emperor and Galilean, A Doll's House, Hedda Gabler, Ghosts, The Wild Duck, Rosmersholm, and The Master Builder. He is the most frequently performed dramatist in the world after Shakespeare, and A Doll's House became the world's most performed play by the early 20th century.\nSeveral of his plays were considered scandalous to many of his era, when European theatre was required to model strict morals of family life and propriety. Ibsen's work examined the realities that lay behind many façades, revealing much that was disquieting to many contemporaries. It utilized a critical eye and free inquiry into the conditions of life and issues of morality. The poetic and cinematic play Peer Gynt, however, has strong surreal elements.\nIbsen is often ranked as one of the truly great playwrights in the European tradition. Richard Hornby describes him as \"a profound poetic dramatist—the best since Shakespeare\". He is widely regarded as the most important playwright since Shakespeare. He influenced other playwrights and novelists such as George Bernard Shaw, Oscar Wilde, Arthur Miller, James Joyce, Eugene O'Neill and Miroslav Krleža.
/m/0fhp9	Vienna is the capital and largest city of Austria, and one of the nine states of Austria. Vienna is Austria's primary city, with a population of about 1.757 million, and its cultural, economic, and political centre. It is the 7th-largest city by population within city limits in the European Union. Until the beginning of the 20th century it was the largest German-speaking city in the world, and before the splitting of the Austro-Hungarian Empire in World War I the city had 2 million inhabitants. Today it is the second only to Berlin in German speakers. Vienna is host to many major international organizations, including the United Nations and OPEC. The city lies in the east of Austria and is close to the borders of the Czech Republic, Slovakia, and Hungary. These regions work together in a European Centrope border region. Along with nearby Bratislava, Vienna forms a metropolitan region with 3 million inhabitants. In 2001, the city centre was designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site.\nApart from being regarded as the City of Music because of its musical legacy, Vienna is also said to be \"The City of Dreams\" because it was home to the world's first psycho-analyst – Sigmund Freud. The city's roots lie in early Celtic and Roman settlements that transformed into a Medieval and Baroque city, the capital of the Austro-Hungarian Empire. It is well known for having played an essential role as a leading European music centre, from the great age of Viennese Classicism through the early part of the 20th century. The historic centre of Vienna is rich in architectural ensembles, including Baroque castles and gardens, and the late-19th-century Ringstrasse lined with grand buildings, monuments and parks.
/m/029sk	Dyslexia, or developmental reading disorder, is characterized by difficulty with learning to read fluently and with accurate comprehension despite normal intelligence. This includes difficulty with phonological awareness, phonological decoding, processing speed, orthographic coding, auditory short-term memory, language skills/verbal comprehension, and/or rapid naming.\nDyslexia is the most common learning difficulty. Dyslexia is the most recognized of reading disorders. There are other reading difficulties that are unrelated to dyslexia.\nSome see dyslexia as distinct from reading difficulties resulting from other causes, such as a non-neurological deficiency with vision or hearing, or poor or inadequate reading instruction. There are three proposed cognitive subtypes of dyslexia, although individual cases of dyslexia are better explained by specific underlying neuropsychological deficits and co-occurring learning difficulties and co-occurring learning difficulties. Although it is considered to be a receptive language-based learning disability in the research literature, dyslexia also affects one's expressive language skills. Researchers at MIT found that people with dyslexia exhibited impaired voice-recognition abilities. Interestingly, a study published online, reported a genetic origin to the disorder, and other learning disabilities, that could help lead to earlier diagnoses and more successful interventions.
/m/07w4j	The University of Sussex is a public research university situated on a large and open green field site on the Sussex Downs, East Sussex. It is located on the edge of the city of Brighton and Hove. Taking its name from the historic county of Sussex, the university received its Royal Charter in August 1961. The university was shortlisted for 'University of the Year' in the 2011 Times Higher Education Awards. Sussex was a founding member of the 1994 Group of research-intensive universities promoting excellence in research and teaching.\nSussex counts three Nobel Prize winners, 14 Fellows of the Royal Society, six Fellows of the British Academy and a winner of the Crafoord Prize among its faculty. The university is currently ranked 11th in the UK, 31st in Europe, and 99th in the world by the Times Higher Education World University Rankings. The Guardian university guide 2013 placed Sussex joint 27th, and the Times Good University Guide 2012 ranks Sussex 14th. The 2012/13 Academic Ranking of World Universities placed The University within the top 14 in the United Kingdom and in the top 100 internationally.\nSussex receives students from 120 countries and maintains links with research universities including Harvard University, Yale University, Georgetown University, University of California at Berkeley, University of Pennsylvania, Paris-Sorbonne University, and University of Toronto.
/m/01jq0j	The Florida State University is a space-grant and sea-grant public research university located in the state capital city of Tallahassee, Florida, United States. It is a research university with very high research activity as determined by the Carnegie Foundation. The university comprises 16 separate colleges and more than 110 centers, facilities, labs and institutes that offer more than 300 programs of study, including professional programs. Florida State is home to Florida's only National Laboratory – the National High Magnetic Field Laboratory and is the birthplace of the commercially viable anti-cancer drug Taxol. Florida State University also operates The John & Mable Ringling Museum of Art, the State Art Museum of Florida and one of the largest museum/university complexes in the nation. Florida State University is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools as a Level VI public institution.\nFlorida State was established in 1851 and is located on the oldest continuous site of higher education in the state of Florida. In 1905 Florida State earned Florida's first Rhodes Scholar. In 1935 Florida State University was awarded the first chapter of Phi Beta Kappa in Florida and is among the ten percent of American universities to have earned a chapter of the national academic honor society. In 1977 Florida State University earned the first female Rhodes Scholar in Florida. In 2010 Florida State University was named a \"Budget Ivy\" university by the Fiske Guide to Getting into the Right College. In 2012 U.S. News & World Report ranked Florida State the most efficient National University in the United States. Florida State University is one of two Florida public universities to immediately qualify as a \"preeminent university\" by law under Florida Senate Bill 1076, signed by Governor Rick Scott in 2013.
/m/027yjnv	The 2008 Tour de France was the 95th Tour de France. The event took place from 5–27 July 2008. Starting in the French city of Brest, the tour entered Italy on the 15th stage and returned to France during the 16th, heading for Paris, its regular final destination, which was reached in the 21st stage. The race was won by Carlos Sastre.\nUnlike previous years, time bonuses were no longer awarded for intermediate sprints and for high placement on each stage. This altered the way the General Classification was awarded in comparison to previous seasons.
/m/0fhsz	Naples is the capital of the Italian region Campania and the third-largest municipality in Italy, after Rome and Milan. As of 2012, around 960,000 people live within the city's administrative limits. The Naples urban area has a population of between 3 million and 3.7 million, and is the 9th-most populous urban area in the European Union. Around 4 million people live in the Naples metropolitan area, one of the largest metropolises on the Mediterranean Sea.\nNaples is one of the oldest continuously inhabited cities in the world. Bronze Age Greek settlements were established in the Naples area in the second millennium BC. A larger colony – initially known as Parthenope, Παρθενόπη – developed on the Island of Megaride around the ninth century BC, at the end of the Greek Dark Ages. The city was refounded as Neápolis in the sixth century BC and became a lynchpin of Magna Graecia, playing a key role in the merging of Greek culture into Roman society and eventually becoming a cultural centre of the Roman Republic. Naples remained influential after the fall of the Western Roman Empire, serving as the capital city of the Kingdom of Naples between 1282 and 1816. Thereafter, in union with Sicily, it became the capital of the Two Sicilies until the unification of Italy in 1861. During the Neapolitan War of 1815, Naples strongly promoted Italian unification.
/m/0rj4g	Hollywood is a city in Broward County, Florida. As of the 2010 U.S. Census, it had a population of 140,768. Founded in 1925, the city grew rapidly in the 1950s and 1960s, and is now the twelfth largest city in Florida. Hollywood is a principal city of the South Florida Metropolitan Area, which was home to 5,564,635 people at the 2010 census.
/m/02qrbbx	The Genie Award for Best Achievement in Cinematography is awarded by the Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television to the best Canadian film cinematography.
/m/015ln1	Dulwich College is an independent, public school for boys in Dulwich, southeast London, England. The college was founded in 1619 by Edward Alleyn, a successful Elizabethan actor, with the original purpose of educating 12 poor scholars as the foundation of \"God's Gift\". It currently has about 1,500 boys, of whom 120 are boarders thus making it one of the largest independent schools in the United Kingdom. The school will be celebrating its 400th anniversary in 2019. The school owns a boathouse on the River Thames, the base for Dulwich College Boat Club as well as large grounds around Dulwich. Admission by examination is mainly into years 3, 7, 9, and 12 to the Junior, Lower, Middle and Upper Schools into which the college is divided. It is a member of both the Headmasters' and Headmistresses' Conference and the Eton Group making it a Public school of significant standing.
/m/0gp8sg	Vijayakumar is a Tamil film actor and politician. Along with predominant work in Tamil cinema since 1973, he has acted in a few Hindi and Telugu movies. He also works in television serials.
/m/0j8cb	The Carolina Hurricanes are a professional ice hockey team based in Raleigh, North Carolina, USA. They are members of the Metropolitan Division of the Eastern Conference of the National Hockey League, and play their home games at the 18,680-seat PNC Arena. They are the only major league professional sports team in North Carolina to play in Raleigh; the state's other two major franchises, the NFL's Carolina Panthers and the NBA's Charlotte Bobcats, are based in Charlotte.\nThe Hurricanes were formed in 1971 as the New England Whalers of the World Hockey Association, and joined the NHL in 1979 as part of the NHL–WHA merger, renaming themselves the Hartford Whalers. The team relocated to North Carolina in 1997 and won its first Stanley Cup during the 2005–06 season, beating the Edmonton Oilers four games to three.
/m/0xmp9	Montclair is a township in Essex County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, the township's population was 37,669, reflecting a decline of 1,308 from the 38,977 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn increased by 1,248 from the 37,729 counted in the 1990 Census. As of 2010 it was the 60th-most-populous municipality by population in New Jersey.\nMontclair was first formed as a Township on April 15, 1868, from portions of Bloomfield Township, so that a railroad could be built to Montclair. After a referendum held on February 21, 1894, Montclair was reincorporated as a Town, effective February 24, 1894. In the late 1970s, after protesting for years at the inequities built into the formulas, Montclair joined several other communities to qualify for a pool of federal aid allocated only to Townships, that allowed townships to receive as much as double the revenue-sharing aid per capita received by the four other types of New Jersey municipalities — Borough, City, Town or Village.
/m/0pspl	Georgetown University is a private research university in Washington, D.C. Founded in 1789, it is the oldest Jesuit and Catholic university in the United States. Georgetown's main campus, located in Washington's Georgetown neighborhood, is noted for Healy Hall, a National Historic Landmark in the Romanesque revival style. Georgetown operates a law center on Capitol Hill and auxiliary campuses in Italy, Turkey, and Qatar.\nGeorgetown's founding by John Carroll, America's first Catholic bishop, realized earlier efforts to establish a Roman Catholic college in the province of Maryland that had been thwarted by religious persecution. The university expanded after the American Civil War under the leadership of Patrick Francis Healy, who came to be known as Georgetown's \"second founder\" despite having been born a slave by law. Jesuits have participated in the university's administration since 1805, a heritage Georgetown celebrates, but the university has always been governed independently of the Society of Jesus and of church authorities.\nThe university has around 7,000 undergraduate and over 8,000 post-graduate students from a wide variety of religious, ethnic, and geographic backgrounds, including 130 foreign countries. The university's most notable alumni are prominent in public life in the United States and abroad. Among them are former U.S. President Bill Clinton, U.S. Supreme Court Associate Justice Antonin Scalia, dozens of U.S. governors and members of Congress, heads of state or government of more than a dozen countries, royalty and diplomats.
/m/09wlpl	Kirk Thornton is an American voice actor.
/m/0gqng	The Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film is one of the Academy Awards of Merit, or Oscars, handed out annually by the U.S.-based Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. It is given to a feature-length motion picture produced outside the United States of America with a predominantly non-English dialogue track.\nWhen the first Academy Awards ceremony was held on May 16, 1929 to honor films released in 1927/28, there was no separate category for foreign language films. Between 1947 and 1955, the Academy presented Special/Honorary Awards to the best foreign language films released in the United States. These Awards, however, were not handed out on a regular basis, and were not competitive since there were no nominees but simply one winning film per year. For the 1956 Academy Awards, a competitive Academy Award of Merit, known as the Best Foreign Language Film Award, was created for non-English speaking films, and has been given annually since then.\nUnlike other Academy Awards, the Best Foreign Language Film Award is not presented to a specific individual. It is accepted by the winning film's director, but is considered an award for the submitting country as a whole. Over the years, the Best Foreign Language Film Award and its predecessors have been given almost exclusively to European films: out of the 65 Awards handed out by the Academy since 1947 to foreign language films, fifty-two have gone to European films, five to Asian films, three to African films and three to films from the Americas. Italian filmmaker Federico Fellini directed four Best Foreign Language Film Academy Award–winning motion pictures during his lifetime, a record that remains unmatched as of 2007. The most awarded foreign country is Italy, with 10 awards won, 3 Special Awards and 27 nominations, while Israel is the foreign country to have the most nominations, 10, without winning an award.
/m/017lb_	Blondie is an American rock band founded by singer Deborah Harry and guitarist Chris Stein. The band was a pioneer in the early American new wave and punk scenes of the mid-1970s. Its first two albums contained strong elements of these genres, and although successful in the United Kingdom and Australia, Blondie was regarded as an underground band in the United States until the release of Parallel Lines in 1978. Over the next three years, the band achieved several hit singles including \"Call Me\", \"Atomic\" and \"Heart of Glass\" and became noted for its eclectic mix of musical styles incorporating elements of disco, pop, rap, and reggae, while retaining a basic style as a new wave band.\nBlondie broke up after the release of its sixth studio album The Hunter in 1982. Deborah Harry continued to pursue a solo career with varied results after taking a few years off to care for partner Chris Stein, who was diagnosed with pemphigus, a rare autoimmune disease of the skin.\nThe band re-formed in 1997, achieving renewed success and a number one single in the United Kingdom with \"Maria\" in 1999, exactly 20 years after their 1st UK No1 single.\nThe group toured and performed throughout the world during the following years, and was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2006. Blondie has sold 40 million records worldwide and is still active today. Its ninth studio album, Panic of Girls, was released in 2011, with their tenth, Ghosts of Download, to be released in 2014.
/m/03ryn	Indonesia, officially the Republic of Indonesia, is a sovereign state in Southeast Asia and Oceania. Indonesia is an archipelago comprising approximately 17,508 islands. It encompasses 33 provinces and 1 Special Administrative Region with over 238 million people, making it the world's fourth most populous country. Indonesia's republic form of government comprises an elected legislature and president. The nation's capital city is Jakarta. The country shares land borders with Papua New Guinea, East Timor, and Malaysia. Other neighboring countries include Singapore, the Philippines, Australia, Palau, and the Indian territory of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands. Indonesia is a founding member of ASEAN and a member of the G-20 major economies. The Indonesian economy is the world's 16th largest by nominal GDP.\nThe Indonesian archipelago has been an important trade region since at least the 7th century, when Srivijaya and then later Majapahit traded with China and India. Local rulers gradually absorbed foreign cultural, religious and political models from the early centuries CE, and Hindu and Buddhist kingdoms flourished. Indonesian history has been influenced by foreign powers drawn to its natural resources. Muslim traders brought the now-dominant Islam, while European powers brought Christianity and fought one another to monopolize trade in the Spice Islands of Maluku during the Age of Discovery. Following three and a half centuries of Dutch colonialism, Indonesia secured its independence after World War II. Indonesia's history has since been turbulent, with challenges posed by natural disasters, corruption, separatism, a democratization process, and periods of rapid economic change.
/m/0828jw	Lost is an American television series that originally aired on the American Broadcasting Company from September 22, 2004 to May 23, 2010, over six seasons which contained a total of 121 episodes. Lost is a primarily character development based drama series containing elements of science fiction and the supernatural that follows the survivors of the crash of a commercial passenger jet flying between Sydney and Los Angeles, on a mysterious tropical island somewhere in the South Pacific Ocean. The story is told in a heavily serialized manner. Episodes typically feature a primary storyline on the island, as well as a secondary storyline from another point in a character's life.\nLost was created by Jeffrey Lieber, J. J. Abrams and Damon Lindelof who share story-writing credits for the pilot episode, which Abrams directed. Throughout the show's run, Lindelof and Carlton Cuse served as showrunners and head writers, working together with a large number of other executive producers and writers. Due to its large ensemble cast and the cost of filming primarily on location in Oahu, Hawaii, the series was one of the most expensive on television. The fictional universe and mythology of Lost is expanded upon by a number of related media, most importantly a series of short mini-episodes called Missing Pieces, and a 12-minute epilogue titled \"The New Man in Charge\".
/m/01lv85	3rd Rock from the Sun is an American sitcom that aired from 1996 to 2001 on NBC. The show is about four extraterrestrials who are on an expedition to Earth, which they consider to be a very insignificant planet. The extraterrestrials pose as a human family in order to observe the behavior of human beings.
/m/02mscn	Christian music is music that has been written to express either personal or a communal belief regarding Christian life and faith. Common themes of Christian music include praise, worship, penitence, and lament, and its forms vary widely across the world.\nLike other forms of music the creation, performance, significance, and even the definition of Christian music varies according to culture and social context. Christian music is composed and performed for many purposes, ranging from aesthetic pleasure, religious or ceremonial purposes, or as an entertainment product for the marketplace.
/m/013v5j	La Toya Yvonne Jackson is an American singer-songwriter, musician, author, television personality, actress, businesswoman, philanthropist, activist and former model. She is the fifth child of the Jackson family. She maintained a career as a singer throughout the 1980s and 1990s, and returned to music in 2004 with her Billboard charting songs \"Just Wanna Dance\" and \"Free the World\". An EP called Starting Over was released on June 21, 2011.
/m/025sppp	An investor is a person who allocates capital with the expectation of a financial return. The types of investments include: gambling and speculation, equity, debt securities, real estate, currency, commodity, derivatives such as put and call options, etc. This definition makes no distinction between those in the primary and secondary markets. That is, someone who provides a business with capital and someone who buys a stock are both investors.
/m/014gf8	Laurence John Fishburne III is an American actor, playwright, director, and producer. He is best known for his roles as Morpheus in the Matrix science fiction film trilogy, Clean in Apocalypse Now, Cowboy Curtis on the television show Pee-wee's Playhouse, Ike Turner in the Tina Turner biopic What's Love Got to Do With It and as Furious Styles in Boyz n the Hood. He became the first African-American to portray Othello in a motion picture by a major studio when he appeared in Oliver Parker's 1995 film adaptation of the Shakespeare play. He won a Tony Award for Best Featured Actor in a Play for his performance in Two Trains Running, and an Emmy Award for Drama Series Guest Actor for his performance in TriBeCa.\nFrom 2008 to 2011, he starred as Dr. Raymond Langston on the CBS crime drama CSI: Crime Scene Investigation. Fishburne has starred in several cult classics, including Deep Cover, and King of New York. In 2013, he portrayed Perry White in the Zack Snyder-directed Superman reboot Man of Steel and stars as Special Agent Jack Crawford on the NBC thriller series Hannibal.
/m/0fqqygh	The governor of Texas is the head of the executive branch of Texas's government and the commander-in-chief of the state's military forces. The governor has the power to either approve or veto bills passed by the Texas Legislature, and to convene the legislature. The governor may grant pardons in cases other than impeachment or in the case of treason, with permission by the legislature.\nCompared to the governors of other U.S. states, the governorship of Texas is a fairly weak office. The Lieutenant Governor of Texas, who presides over the state Senate, is considered a more powerful political figure, being able to exercise greater personal prerogatives. Current Governor Rick Perry served as Lieutenant Governor from 1999-2000, under George W. Bush.\nThe state's first constitution in 1845 established the office of governor, to serve for two years, but no more than four years out of every six. The 1861 secessionist constitution set the term start date at the first Monday in the November following the election. The 1866 constitution, adopted just after the American Civil War, increased terms to four years, but no more than eight years out of every twelve, and moved the start date to the first Thursday after the organization of the legislature, or \"as soon thereafter as practicable.\" The Reconstruction constitution of 1869 removed the limit on terms, and to this day, Texas is one of 14 states with no gubernatorial term limit. The present constitution of 1876 shortened terms back to two years, but a 1972 amendment increased it again to four years.
/m/02fp3	The Detroit Red Wings are a professional ice hockey team based in Detroit, Michigan. They are members of the Atlantic Division of the Eastern Conference of the National Hockey League, and are one of the Original Six teams of the NHL, along with the Toronto Maple Leafs, Montreal Canadiens, New York Rangers, Boston Bruins, and Chicago Blackhawks.\nAs of 2011, the Red Wings have won the most Stanley Cup championships of any NHL franchise based in the United States, and are third overall in total NHL championships, behind the Montreal Canadiens and Toronto Maple Leafs. They play home games in the 20,066 capacity Joe Louis Arena after having spent over 40 years playing in Olympia Stadium. The Red Wings are one of the most popular franchises in the NHL, and fans and commentators refer to Detroit and its surrounding areas as \"Hockeytown\", which has been a registered trademark owned by the franchise since 1996.\nBetween the 1933–34 and 1965–66 seasons, the Red Wings missed the playoffs only four times. Between the 1966–67 and 1990–91 seasons, the Red Wings made the playoffs only eight times in 25 seasons. During the last 11 years of this stretch, only five of the league's 21 teams did not make the postseason, yet the Wings still managed to miss the playoffs five times. This rough period for the team provoked the nickname of the \"Dead Wings.\" Near the end of that 25-year period, however, the Red Wings advanced to the conference finals twice. Since then the Red Wings have been one of the most successful NHL teams in the last quarter century, with six regular season first place finishes, and winning the Stanley Cup four times in six Finals appearances. They have made the playoffs in 27 of the last 29 seasons; their playoff streak currently stands at 22 in a row, which is the longest current streak of post-season appearances in all of North American professional sports.
/m/031zp2	HNK Hajduk Split, commonly referred to as Hajduk Split or simply Hajduk, is a Croatian football club founded in 1911 and based in the city of Split. The club's home ground since 1979 is the 35,000-seater Poljud Stadium and the team's traditional home colours are white shirts with blue shorts and socks.\nHajduk was founded by a group of Split students in a tavern in Prague called \"U Fleků\". The students were called Fabijan Kaliterna, Lucijan Stella, Ivan Šakić and Vjekoslav Ivanišević.\nBetween the early 1920s and 1940 Hajduk regularly participated in the Kingdom of Yugoslavia national championship. Following World War II and the formation of the Yugoslav league system in 1946 Hajduk went on to spend the entire SFR Yugoslavia period in top level. Their run continued following the breakup of Yugoslavia as the club joined the Croatian First League in its inaugural season in 1992. They are one of the most successful teams in Croatia and ex-Yugoslavia, having won nine Yugoslav and six Croatian league championships, in addition to nine Yugoslav and five Croatian cup titles.\nThe clubs \"golden era\" came in the seventies where they won four Yugoslavian championships and five Yugoslavian cups.
/m/01g27f	Drowning is the process of experiencing respiratory impairment from submersion/immersion in liquid. Near drowning is the survival of a drowning event involving unconsciousness or water inhalation and can lead to serious secondary complications or death, possibly up to 72 hours after the event. It occurs more frequently in males and the young.\nDrowning itself is quick and silent, although it may be preceded by distress which is more visible. A person drowning is unable to shout or call for help, or seek attention, as they cannot obtain enough air. The instinctive drowning response is the final set of autonomic reactions in the 20 – 60 seconds before sinking underwater, and to the untrained eye can look similar to calm safe behavior. Lifeguards and other persons trained in rescue learn to recognize drowning people by watching for these instinctive movements.\nDrowning is the 3rd leading cause of unintentional injury or death worldwide, accounting for 7% of all injury related deaths, with 96% of these deaths occurring in low-income and middle-income countries. In many countries, drowning is one of the leading causes of death for children under 12 years old. For example, in the United States, it is the second leading cause of death in children 12 and younger. The rate of drowning in populations around the world varies widely according to their access to water, the climate and the national swimming culture.
/m/07qy0b	David Louis Newman is an American composer and conductor known particularly for his film scores. In a career spanning nearly forty years, he has composed music for nearly 100 feature films.
/m/0_z91	Brownsville is the sixteenth most populous city in the state of Texas with a population of 180,097. It is located on the southernmost tip of Texas, United States on the northern bank of the Rio Grande, directly north and across the border from Matamoros, Tamaulipas, Mexico. The 2012 U.S. Census Bureau estimate places the Brownsville-Harlingen metropolitan area population at 415,557 allotting it the eighth most populous metropolitan area in the state of Texas. In addition, the Matamoros–Brownsville Metropolitan Area counts with a population of 1,136,995, allotting it the fourth-largest metropolitan area along the U.S.-Mexico border. Brownsville has one of the highest poverty rates in the nation.\nThe Brownsville urban area is one of the fastest growing in the United States. The city's population dramatically increased after it experienced a boom in the steel industry during the 1900s, where it produced three times its annual capacity. Nowadays, the Port of Brownsville is a major economic hub for South Texas, where shipments from Mexico, other parts of the United States and the world arrive. Brownsville's economy is mainly based on its international trade with Mexico through the North American Free Trade Agreement, and is home to one of the fastest growing manufacturing sectors in the nation. In addition, Brownsville's climate has often been recognized among the best pro-business climates in the United States, and the city has also been ranked among the least expensive places to live in the U.S.
/m/0rhp6	Melbourne is a city in Brevard County, Florida, United States. As of the 2010 census, the population was 76,068. The municipal area is the second largest by size and by population in the county. Melbourne is a principal city of the Palm Bay – Melbourne – Titusville, Florida Metropolitan Statistical Area. In 1969 the city was expanded by merging with nearby Eau Gallie.\nThe city was named Melbourne in honor of its first postmaster, Cornthwaite John Hector, an Englishman who had spent much of his life in Melbourne, Australia.
/m/02v5xg	RahXephon is a Japanese anime series about 17-year-old Ayato Kamina, his ability to control a mecha known as the RahXephon, and his inner journey to find a place in the world. His life as a student and artist in Tokyo is suddenly interrupted by a mysterious stalker, strange planes invading the city and strange machines fighting back.\nThe original 26-episode anime television series was directed by Yutaka Izubuchi. It was created by Izubuchi and Bones studio and it aired on Fuji TV from January to September 2002. It was produced by Fuji TV, Bones, Media Factory and Victor Entertainment. The series received critical acclaim and was subsequently translated, released on the DVD and aired in several other countries, including the United States. A 2003 movie adaptation RahXephon: Pluralitas Concentio was directed by Tomoki Kyoda, with plot changes and new scenes. The series also spun into novels, an extra OVA episode, an audio drama, a video game, illustration books and an altered manga adaptation by Takeaki Momose.\nThe central elements of RahXephon's plot are music, time, archetypal mystery, intrigue and romance. The series shows influences from philosophy, Japanese folklore and Western literature, such as the work of James Churchward. The cultural background of the series is dominated by Mesoamerican and other Pre-Columbian civilizations. Director Izubuchi said RahXephon was his attempt to set a new standard for mecha anime, as well as to bring back aspects of 1970s mecha shows like Brave Raideen.
/m/054k_8	Donnie Yen, also known as Yen Ji-dan, is a Hong Kong actor, martial artist, film director and producer, action choreographer, and world wushu tournament medalist. He is best known for his role as Ip Man in the eponymous film.\nYen is credited by many for contributing to the popularization of the traditional martial arts style known as Wing Chun. He played Wing Chun grandmaster Ip Man in the 2008 film Ip Man, which was a box office success. This has led to an increase in the number of people taking up Wing Chun, leading to hundreds of new Wing Chun schools to be opened up in mainland China and other parts of Asia. Ip Chun, the eldest son of Ip Man, even mentioned that he is grateful to Yen for making his family art popular and allowing his father's legacy to be remembered.\nYen is considered to be Hong Kong's top action star; director Peter Chan mentioned that he \"is the 'it' action person right now\" and \"has built himself into a bona fide leading man, who happens to be an action star.\" Yen is widely credited for bringing mixed martial arts into the mainstream of Chinese culture, by choreographing MMA in many of his recent films. Yen has displayed notable skills in a wide variety of martial arts, being well-versed in boxing, kickboxing, taekwondo, Muay Thai, wrestling, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Judo, Wing Chun, and Wushu. Seen as one of the most popular film stars in Asia in recent years, Yen is currently one of the highest paid actors in Asia.
/m/01ynzf	Sidney Sheldon was an American writer. His TV works spanned a 20-year period during which he created The Patty Duke Show, I Dream of Jeannie and Hart to Hart, but he became most famous after he turned 50 and began writing best-selling novels, such as Master of the Game, The Other Side of Midnight and Rage of Angels. He is the seventh best selling fiction writer of all time.
/m/01nhhz	The Austrian Empire was a modern era successor empire centered on what is today's Austria and which officially lasted from 1804 to 1867. Austrian Empire was a multinational realm and one of the world's great powers at the time. The Austrian Empire was geographically the second largest country in Europe after the Russian Empire, the second most populous after the Russian Empire, and the largest and strongest country in the German Confederation. Since its establishment until 1806, some lands in the Austrian Empire were also included in the Holy Roman Empire.\nIt was followed by the Empire of Austria-Hungary, whose proclamation was a diplomatic move that elevated Hungary's status within the Austrian Empire as a result of the Austro-Hungarian Compromise of 1867. The Austro-Hungarian Empire was itself dissolved by the victors at the end of World War I and broken into separate new states.\nThe term \"Austrian Empire\" is also used for the Habsburg possessions before 1804, which had no official collective name, although Austria is more frequent.
/m/01s7ns	Enrique Miguel Iglesias Preysler, simply known as Enrique Iglesias, is a Spanish-American singer-songwriter, actor, and record producer. Iglesias started his career in the mid-1990s on an American Spanish Language record label Fonovisa which helped turn him into one of the biggest stars in Latin America and the Hispanic Market in the United States becoming the biggest seller of Spanish-language albums of that decade. By the turn of the millennium he made a successful crossover into the mainstream market and signed a multi-album deal with Universal Music Group for an unprecedented US $48,000,000 with Universal Music Latino to release his Spanish albums and Interscope to release English albums. In 2010, he parted with Interscope and signed with another Universal Music Group label, Universal Republic.\nIglesias has sold over 100 million units worldwide, making him one of the best selling Spanish language artists of all time. He has had five Billboard Hot 100 top five singles, including two number-ones, and holds the record for producing 24 number-one Spanish-language singles on the Billboard's Hot Latin Tracks. He has also had 13 number-one songs on Billboard's Dance charts, more than any other single male artist. Altogether, Iglesias has amassed more than 70 number-one rankings on the various Billboard charts. Billboard has called him The King of Latin Pop and The King of Dance.
/m/016tbr	David Lawrence Schwimmer is an American actor, director and producer. He was born in New York City, and his family moved to Los Angeles when he was two. He began his acting career performing in school plays at Beverly Hills High School. In 1988, he graduated from Northwestern University with a Bachelor of Arts in theater and speech. After graduation, Schwimmer co-founded the Lookingglass Theatre Company. For much of the late 1980s, he lived in Los Angeles as a struggling, unemployed actor.\nHe starred in the television movie A Deadly Silence in 1989 and appeared in a number of television roles, including on L.A. Law, The Wonder Years, NYPD Blue, and Monty, in the early 1990s. Schwimmer later gained worldwide recognition for playing Ross Geller in the sitcom Friends. His first leading film role was in The Pallbearer, which was followed by roles in Kissing a Fool, Six Days Seven Nights, Apt Pupil, and Picking Up the Pieces. He was then cast in the miniseries Band of Brothers as Herbert Sobel. After the series finale of Friends in 2004, Schwimmer was cast as the titular character in the 2005 drama Duane Hopwood. Other film roles include Melman in the computer animated Madagascar films, the dark comedy Big Nothing, and the thriller Nothing But the Truth. Schwimmer made his West End stage debut in the leading role in Some Girl in 2005. In 2006, he made his Broadway debut in The Caine Mutiny Court-Martial. Schwimmer made his feature film directorial debut with the 2007 comedy Run Fatboy Run. The following year he made his Off-Broadway directorial debut in the 2008 production Fault Lines.
/m/06lk0_	Frank Skinner was a film score composer.
/m/03mgdy	Servette FC is a Swiss football club based in Geneva. They are currently playing in the Swiss Challenge League. The club was relegated to the third division in 2004-05 due to a bankruptcy, but achieved promotion to the Swiss Challenge League after the 2005-06 season, where the club remained until 2011. Servette earned promotion to the Swiss Super League after defeating Bellinzona in a relegation/promotion playoff on 31 May 2011 and have since re-established themselves in the elite of Swiss football. The club finished fourth in its first season back in the top flight, thereby gaining entrance to the Europa League second round qualification round for the 2012-13 season.
/m/086vfb	The Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Musical has been presented since 1950. The award was not given at the first three Tony Award ceremonies. Nominees were not announced until 1956.
/m/023g6w	Dogville is a 2003 Danish drama film written and directed by Lars von Trier, and starring Nicole Kidman, Lauren Bacall, Chloë Sevigny, Paul Bettany, Stellan Skarsgård, Udo Kier, Ben Gazzara and James Caan. It is a parable that uses an extremely minimal, stage-like set to tell the story of Grace Mulligan, a woman hiding from mobsters, who arrives in the small mountain town of Dogville, Colorado, and is provided refuge in return for physical labor. Because she has to win and retain the acceptance of every single one of the inhabitants of the town to be allowed to stay, any attempt by her to have her own way or to put a limit on her service risks driving her back out into the arms of the criminals. Although she has no power in herself, her stay there ultimately changes the lives of the local people and the town in many ways.\nThe film is the first in von Trier's projected USA – Land of Opportunities trilogy, followed by Manderlay and to be completed with Wasington. The film was in competition for the Palme d'Or at the 2003 Cannes Film Festival but Gus Van Sant's Elephant won the award. It was screened at various film festivals before receiving a limited release in the US on March 26, 2004.
/m/01h5f8	Valerie June Carter Cash was an American singer, dancer, songwriter, actress, comedian, and author who was a member of the Carter Family and the second wife of singer Johnny Cash. She played the guitar, banjo, harmonica, and autoharp, and acted in several films and television shows. Carter Cash won five Grammy Awards and was inducted into the Christian Music Hall of Fame in 2009. She was ranked No. 31 in CMT's 40 Greatest Women in Country Music in 2002.
/m/0fbftr	The Louisville Cardinals Football team represents the University of Louisville in the sport of American football. The Cardinals compete in the Football Bowl Subdivision of the National Collegiate Athletic Association and completed their only season in the American Athletic Conference in 2013; they will join the Atlantic Coast Conference in July 2014. The team is currently coached by Bobby Petrino.
/m/01f7kl	Back to the Future Part III is a 1990 American science fiction comedy Western film. It is the third and final installment of the Back to the Future trilogy. The film was directed by Robert Zemeckis and starred Michael J. Fox, Christopher Lloyd, Mary Steenburgen, Thomas F. Wilson, and Lea Thompson. The film takes place immediately after the events of Back to the Future Part II. While stranded in 1955 during his time travel adventures, Marty McFly discovers that his friend Dr. Emmett \"Doc\" Brown, trapped in the year 1885, was killed by Biff Tannen's great-grandfather Buford. Marty decides to travel to 1885 to rescue Doc.\nBack to the Future Part III was filmed in California and Arizona, and was produced on a $40 million budget back-to-back with Back to the Future Part II. Part III was released in the United States on May 25, 1990, six months after the previous installment. Part III received generally positive reviews from critics and, although it was the lowest-grossing of the series' three films, it was commercially successful, earning $244.53 million at the box office, making it the sixth-highest-grossing film of 1990.
/m/057__d	The Legend of Bagger Vance is a 2000 American film directed by Robert Redford and starring Will Smith, Matt Damon and Charlize Theron. It is based on the 1995 book of the same title by Steven Pressfield and takes place in the U.S. state of Georgia in 1931. This was Jack Lemmon's final film before his death in 2001.\nOn release, the film was attacked by several African American commentators and reviewers for using the \"magical negro\" as a plot device. Since the film's release, some in the mainstream media have also described the film as flawed and racially insensitive.
/m/0175rc	German: FC Bayern München) is a German sports club based in Munich, the capital of Bavaria. Bayern Munich is one of the most successful clubs in football history. With 2 Intercontinental Cups, 4 European Champions League titles, 1 UEFA Cup title, 1 Cup Winners' Cup title, 20 national championships, and 13 German Cups, Bayern Munich is Germany's foremost football club. Bayern is a membership based club and with more than 135,000 members, the third largest in the world after SL Benfica and FC Barcelona.[1] Bayern also has departments for chess, handball, basketball, gymnastics, bowling and table tennis.
/m/0lwkh	Nike, Inc. is an American multinational corporation that is engaged in the design, development, manufacturing and worldwide marketing and selling of footwear, apparel, equipment, accessories and services. The company is headquartered near Beaverton, Oregon, in the Portland metropolitan area, and is one of only two Fortune 500 companies headquartered in Oregon. It is one of the world's largest suppliers of athletic shoes and apparel and a major manufacturer of sports equipment, with revenue in excess of US$24.1 billion in its fiscal year 2012. As of 2012, it employed more than 44,000 people worldwide. The brand alone is valued at $10.7 billion, making it the most valuable brand among sports businesses.\nThe company was founded on January 25, 1964, as Blue Ribbon Sports, by Bill Bowerman and Phil Knight, and officially became Nike, Inc. on May 30, 1971. The company takes its name from Nike, the Greek goddess of victory. Nike markets its products under its own brand, as well as Nike Golf, Nike Pro, Nike+, Air Jordan, Nike Skateboarding, and subsidiaries including Hurley International and Converse. Nike also owned Bauer Hockey between 1995 and 2008, and previously owned Cole Haan and Umbro. In addition to manufacturing sportswear and equipment, the company operates retail stores under the Niketown name. Nike sponsors many high-profile athletes and sports teams around the world, with the highly recognized trademarks of \"Just Do It\" and the Swoosh logo.
/m/018w8	Basketball is a sport played by two teams of five players on a rectangular court. The objective is to shoot a ball through a hoop 18 inches in diameter and 10 feet high mounted to a backboard at each end. Basketball is one of the world's most popular and widely viewed sports.\nA team can score a field goal by shooting the ball through the basket during regular play. A field goal scores two points for the shooting team if a player is touching or closer to the basket than the three-point line, and three points if the player is behind the three-point line. The team with the most points at the end of the game wins, but additional time may be issued when the game ends with a draw. The ball can be advanced on the court by bouncing it while walking or running or throwing it to a team mate. It is a violation to move without dribbling the ball, to carry it, or to hold the ball with both hands then resume dribbling.\nViolations are called \"fouls\". A personal foul is penalized, and a free throw is usually awarded to an offensive player if he is fouled while shooting the ball. A technical foul may also be issued when certain infractions occur, most commonly for unsportsmanlike conduct on the part of a player or coach. A technical foul gives the opposing team a free throw, and the opposing team also retains possession of the ball.
/m/01l47f5	Clinton Patrick \"Clint\" Black is an American country music singer-songwriter, record producer, multi-instrumentalist and occasional actor. Signed to RCA Nashville in 1989, Black's debut album Killin' Time produced four straight number one singles on the US Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks charts. Although his momentum gradually slowed throughout the 1990s, Black consistently charted hit songs into the 2000s. He has had more than 30 singles on the US Billboard country charts, twenty-two of which have reached number one, in addition to having released nine studio albums and several compilation albums. In 2003, Black founded his own record label, Equity Music Group. Black has also ventured into acting, having made a cameo appearance in the 1994 film Maverick, as well as a starring role in 1998's Still Holding On: The Legend of Cadillac Jack.
/m/03548	Gabon, officially the Gabonese Republic, is a sovereign state on the west coast of Central Africa. Located on the equator, Gabon is bordered by Equatorial Guinea to the northwest, Cameroon to the north, the Republic of the Congo on the east and south, and the Gulf of Guinea to the west. It has an area of nearly 270,000 square kilometres and its population is estimated at 1.5 million people. Its capital and largest city is Libreville.\nSince its independence from France on August 17, 1960, Gabon has had three presidents. In the early 1990s, Gabon introduced a multi-party system and a new democratic constitution that allowed for a more transparent electoral process and reformed many governmental institutions. Gabon was also a non-permanent member of the United Nations Security Council for the 2010–2011 term.\nLow population density, abundant petroleum, and foreign private investment have helped make Gabon one of the most prosperous countries in Sub-Saharan Africa, with the highest HDI and the third highest GDP per capita in the region.
/m/0jmj7	The Golden State Warriors are an American professional basketball team based in Oakland, California. They are part of the Pacific Division of the Western Conference in the National Basketball Association. The team was first established in 1946, as the Philadelphia Warriors, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, where the franchise won the championship in the inaugural season of the Basketball Association of America, the league that would eventually become the National Basketball Association after a merger with the National Basketball League.\nIn 1962, the franchise was relocated to San Francisco and became known as the San Francisco Warriors until 1971, when its name was changed to the current Golden State Warriors. Since 1966, the team has played home games in the building currently known as the Oracle Arena and exclusively since 1972, with the exception of a one-year hiatus during which it played in San Jose, California, while the Oracle Arena was being remodeled. Along with their inaugural championship win in the 1946–47 season, the Warriors have won two others in the team's history, including another in Philadelphia after the 1955–56 season, and one as Golden State after the 1974–75 season, tying them for 5th in the NBA in number of championships.
/m/0z05l	Graham Greene is a Native Canadian actor who has worked on stage, in film, and in TV productions in Canada, England, and the United States.
/m/0cbhh	Toulouse is the capital city of the department of Haute-Garonne, in southwestern France. It lies on the banks of the River Garonne, 150 kilometres from the Mediterranean Sea and 230 km from the Atlantic Ocean, and 580 km away from Paris. With 1,202,889 inhabitants as of 1 January 2008, the Toulouse metropolitan area is the fourth-largest in France, after Paris, Lyon, and Marseille.\nToulouse is the centre of the European aerospace industry, with the headquarters of Airbus, Galileo positioning system, the SPOT satellite system, EADS, ATR and the Aerospace Valley, considered as a global cluster.\nThe city also hosts l'Oncopole de Toulouse, the largest cancer research centre in Europe, the European headquarters of Intel and CNES's Toulouse Space Centre, the largest space centre in Europe. Thales Alenia Space, and Astrium Satellites, EADS's satellite system subsidiary, also have a significant presence in Toulouse. Its world renowned university is one of the oldest in Europe and, with more than 119,000 students, is the third-largest university campus of France after Paris and Lyon.
/m/01f492	Alexander Emmanuel \"Alex\" Rodriguez, nicknamed \"A-Rod,\" is an American baseball third baseman for the New York Yankees of Major League Baseball. He previously played shortstop for the Seattle Mariners and the Texas Rangers. Rodriguez was one of the most prodigious young players scouts had ever seen and is now considered one of the greatest baseball players of all time. However, Rodriguez has led a highly controversial career due to his expensive contracts and his use of illegal performance-enhancing drugs.\nHe is the youngest player ever to hit 500 home runs, breaking the record Jimmie Foxx set in 1939, and the youngest to hit 600, besting Babe Ruth's record by over a year. Rodriguez has 14 100-RBI seasons in his career, more than any other player in history. On September 24, 2010, Rodriguez hit two home runs, surpassing Sammy Sosa's mark of 609 home runs, and became the all-time leader in home runs by a player of Hispanic descent.\nIn December 2007, Rodriguez and the Yankees agreed to a 10-year, $275 million contract. This contract was the richest contract in baseball history. In February 2009, after previously denying use of performance-enhancing drugs, including during a 2007 interview with Katie Couric on 60 Minutes, Rodriguez admitted to using steroids, saying he used them from 2001 to 2003 when playing for the Texas Rangers due to \"an enormous amount of pressure\" to perform.
/m/0c6g29	Dorothy Jeakins was a costume designer.\nBorn in San Diego, California, she went to public school in Los Angeles from first grade through high school. When she was a senior at Fairfax High School, she was offered a scholarship to study at the Otis Art Institute.\nJeakins got her start working on WPA projects and as a Disney artist in the 1930s. Her fashion career began as a designer at I. Magnin's, where she was spotted by director Victor Fleming. Hired as a sketch artist for Joan of Arc, Jeakins worked on the costumes along with Barbara Karinska and shared an Oscar with her. This was the first Oscar ever awarded for costumes.\nJeakins was unusual in that she freelanced, never signing a long-term contract with any one studio. She worked steadily for the next thirty-nine years, winning another two Oscars, for Samson and Delilah, and The Night of the Iguana, and another 12 nominations. She was perhaps best known for her period costumes, in such films as The Ten Commandments, The Music Man, The Sound of Music, Little Big Man, The Way We Were, Young Frankenstein and The Dead. Her modern-dress excursions included Niagara, Three Coins in the Fountain, South Pacific and On Golden Pond.
/m/02rc451	The 1994 Major League Baseball season ended with the infamous players strike ending the season on August 11, 1994. It was also the first season played under the current 3 division format in each league.
/m/06nsn	Socialism is a social and economic system characterised by social ownership of the means of production and co-operative management of the economy, as well as a political theory and movement that aims at the establishment of such a system. \"Social ownership\" may refer to cooperative enterprises, common ownership, state ownership, citizen ownership of equity, or any combination of these. There are many varieties of socialism and there is no single definition encapsulating all of them. They differ in the type of social ownership they advocate, the degree to which they rely on markets or planning, how management is to be organised within productive institutions, and the role of the state in constructing socialism.\nA socialist economic system is based on the organisational precept of production for use, meaning the production of goods and services to directly satisfy economic demand and human needs where objects are valued based on their use-value or utility, as opposed to being structured upon the accumulation of capital and production for profit. In the traditional conception of a socialist economy, coordination, accounting and valuation would be performed in kind, by a common physical magnitude, or by a direct measure of labour-time in place of financial calculation. Distribution of output is based on the principle of to each according to his contribution. The exact methods of resource allocation and valuation are the subject of debate within the broader socialist calculation debate.
/m/02px_23	The TCU Horned Frogs football team is the intercollegiate football team of Texas Christian University. The Horned Frogs compete in Division I Football Bowl Subdivision, the highest level of intercollegiate athletics sanctioned by the National Collegiate Athletic Association in the United States.\nSince 2012, the Horned Frogs have been a member of the Big 12 Conference, and were previously members of the Mountain West Conference, Western Athletic Conference, Conference USA, Southwest Conference, and Texas Intercollegiate Athletic Association.\nTCU began playing football in 1896 and claims national championships in 1935 and 1938. TCU has one Heisman Trophy winner, Davey O'Brien, and has had seven former players inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame. The Horned Frogs play their home games in Amon G. Carter Stadium, which is located on campus in Fort Worth.
/m/0f6_x	James Earl Jones is an American actor who in a career of more than 50 years has become known as \"one of America's most distinguished and versatile\" actors and \"one of the greatest actors in American history.\" Since his Broadway debut in 1957, Jones has won many awards, including a Tony Award and Golden Globe Award for his role in The Great White Hope. Jones has won three Emmy Awards, including two in the same year in 1991, and he also earned an Academy Award nomination for Best Actor in a Leading Role in the film version of The Great White Hope. He is also known for his voice acting, most notably as Darth Vader in the Star Wars film series and Mufasa in Disney's The Lion King, as well as many other film, stage, and television roles.\nAs a child Jones overcame a stutter that lasted for several years. A pre-med major in college, he went on to serve as a U.S. Army Ranger during the Korean War, before dedicating his career to acting.\nOn November 12, 2011, he received an Honorary Academy Award.
/m/02jtjz	Julia O'Hara Stiles is an American actress. She first gained prominence for her lead roles in teen films such as 10 Things I Hate About You, Down to You and Save the Last Dance. Her career progressed to starring in films such as The Business of Strangers, Mona Lisa Smile and The Omen. She also played the supporting character Nicky Parsons in the Bourne film series.\nShe guest starred as Lumen Pierce in the fifth season of the Showtime series Dexter, a role that earned her Emmy Award nomination and Golden Globe Award nomination. Most recently, Stiles had a supporting role in Silver Linings Playbook, and also appears in Blue, a YouTube series from WIGS.
/m/02m4yg	The Bachelor of Engineering commonly abbreviated as is an undergraduate academic degree awarded to a student after three to five years of studying engineering at university or college. The nature of the qualification varies around the world, hence it may or may not be a professional degree and it may or may not involve undertaking some engineering work. The course may or may not be accredited by a national professional society.\nMost universities in the United States award the Bachelor of Science Engineering, Bachelor of Engineering Science, Bachelor of Science in Engineering, or Bachelor of Applied Science degree to undergraduate students of engineering study. For example, Canada is the only country that awards the BASc degree for graduating engineers. Other institutions award engineering degrees specific to the area of study, such as BSEE and BSME\nA less common variety of the degree is Baccalaureus in Arte Ingeniaria, a Latin name meaning Bachelor in the Art of Engineering. It is awarded by the University of Dublin, Ireland and is more commonly referred to as Bachelor of Engineering; some South African Universities refer to their Engineering degrees as B.Ing..
/m/0m0nq	Mickey Rooney is an American film actor and entertainer whose film, television, and stage appearances span nearly his entire lifetime.\nHe has received multiple awards, including a Juvenile Academy Award, an Honorary Academy Award, two Golden Globes and an Emmy Award. Working as a performer since he was a child, he was a superstar as a teenager for the films in which he played Andy Hardy, and he has had one of the longest careers of any actor, to date spanning 92 years actively making films in ten decades, from the 1920s to the 2010s. For a younger generation of fans, he gained international fame for his leading role as Henry Dailey in The Family Channel's The Adventures of the Black Stallion.\nAlong with Jean Darling, Carla Laemmle, and Baby Peggy, he is one of the last surviving stars who worked in the silent film era. He is also the last surviving cast member of several films in which he appeared during the 1930s and 1940s.
/m/02bqvs	Cheaper by the Dozen is a 2003 American family comedy film about a family with twelve children. The film takes its title from the biography of the same name by Frank Bunker Gilbreth and Lillian Moller Gilbreth, but other than the title and the concept of a family with twelve children, the film bears no resemblance to the book nor its original film adaption, although it is mentioned that the mother's maiden name is Gilbreth. The film was directed by Shawn Levy, produced by Robert Simonds, narrated by Bonnie Hunt, and starring Steve Martin. The film was released on December 25, 2003 by 20th Century Fox, ultimately grossing nearly $190 million worldwide.
/m/0gbtbm	The Path to 9/11 was a two-part miniseries that aired in the United States on ABC television from September 10 – 11, 2006, and also in other countries. The film dramatizes the 1993 World Trade Center bombing in New York City and the events leading up to the September 11, 2001 attacks. The film was written by screenwriter Cyrus Nowrasteh, and directed by David L. Cunningham; it stars Harvey Keitel and Donnie Wahlberg. The film was controversial for its alleged misrepresentation of events and people, that some people called inaccurate, biased and included scenes that never happened, which required last minute editing before the broadcast. Despite ABC spending $40 million on the project, The Path to 9/11 was beat in the ratings by an NFL game. The Clintons and their supporters made a point of pressuring ABC to pull or edit the production. 3 minutes of footage ending up being cut from the mini series.
/m/0294mx	Monster is a 2003 crime drama film about serial killer Aileen Wuornos, a former prostitute who was executed in Florida in 2002 for killing six men in the late 1980s and early 1990s. Wuornos was played by Charlize Theron, and her fictionalized lover, Selby Wall, was played by Christina Ricci. Patty Jenkins wrote and directed the film.\nTheron received overwhelming critical acclaim and won seventeen awards for her portrayal, including the Academy Award for Best Actress, Golden Globe Award for Best Actress and the Screen Actors Guild Awards for Outstanding Lead Actress.
/m/01rrd4	Matthew Steven \"Matt\" LeBlanc is an American actor, known for his role as Joey Tribbiani on the NBC sitcom Friends and its spin-off Joey. In 2011, LeBlanc began starring as a fictional version of himself in Episodes, a BBC Two/Showtime television series created by Friends co-creator David Crane and Jeffrey Klarik. LeBlanc won a Golden Globe award for his work on Episodes, after being nominated three times for his work on Friends.
/m/0272kv	Agostino \"Dino\" De Laurentiis was an Italian film producer best known for producing science fiction, fantasy, and horror films.
/m/03kpvp	Michael Gregg Wilson, OBE is the producer and screenwriter of many of the James Bond films.
/m/0n5_t	Carroll County is a county located in the U.S. state of New Hampshire. As of the 2010 census, the population was 47,818. Its county seat is Ossipee.\nCarroll County was created in 1840 and organized at Ossipee from towns removed from Strafford County. It was named in honor of Charles Carroll of Carrollton, who had died in 1832, the last surviving signer of the United States Declaration of Independence.
/m/0jn5l	Mark Allen Mothersbaugh is an American musician, composer, singer and painter. He is the co-founder of the new wave band Devo and has been its lead singer since 1972. His other musical projects include work for television series, films, and video games.
/m/035qlx	The Cyprus national football team represents Cyprus in association football and is controlled by the Cyprus Football Association, the governing body for football in Cyprus. Cyprus' home ground is the GSP Stadium in Nicosia and the current coach is Pambos Christodoulou. They have never reached the finals of either the European Championships or the World Cup.
/m/09xbpt	Ocean's Thirteen is a 2007 crime comedy heist film directed by Steven Soderbergh and starring an ensemble cast. It is the third and final film in the Soderbergh series following the 2004 sequel Ocean's Twelve and the 2001 film Ocean's Eleven, which itself was a remake of the 1960 Rat Pack film Ocean's 11. All the male cast members reprise their roles from the previous installments but neither Julia Roberts nor Catherine Zeta-Jones return.\nAl Pacino and Ellen Barkin joined the cast as their new targets.\nFilming began in July 2006 in Las Vegas and Los Angeles, based on a script by Brian Koppelman and David Levien. The film was screened for the Out of Competition presentation at the 2007 Cannes Film Festival. It was released on June 8, 2007, in the United States and in several countries in the Middle East on June 6.
/m/02twdq	Morning Musume, sometimes referred to as Momusu, is a Japanese girl group formed in 1997 by rock singer-songwriter turned record producer Tsunku, who later composed a vast majority of the group's songs over the decade. They are the lead group of Hello! Project, which specialises in upbeat, pop-oriented music coupled with dance performance. The group produced several splinter groups, and often collaborates with other Hello! Project acts, including Country Musume, Berryz Kobo, Cute, Melon Kinenbi, and v-u-den. The group's name can be translated as Morning Girls; as the name suggests, it consists of members mostly in their late adolescence and early 20s. The average age of the group members has remained more or less unchanged since its original formation because the group maintains a \"school-like\" system for their continuous line-up changes, with older members \"graduating\" and new, usually younger, members selected from nationwide auditions admitted to the group annually.\nSince 2007, with their expansion into the Chinese-speaking market, the group officially adopted the name Jou An Sao Nu Jou. Since then, the group have been making a concerted attempt to break into new markets in Asia, Europe and the US, performing at EXPOs worldwide.
/m/06gjk9	Match Point is a 2005 thriller film written and directed by Woody Allen which stars Jonathan Rhys Meyers, Scarlett Johansson, Emily Mortimer, Matthew Goode, Brian Cox and Penelope Wilton. Rhys Meyers' character marries into a wealthy family, but his social position is threatened by his affair with his brother-in-law's ex-girlfriend, played by Johansson, and her subsequent pregnancy. The film treats themes of morality, greed, and the roles of lust, money, and luck in life, leading many to compare it to Allen's earlier film, Crimes and Misdemeanors. It was produced and filmed in London after Allen had difficulty finding financial support for the film in New York. The agreement obliged him to make it there using a cast and crew mostly from the United Kingdom. Allen quickly re-wrote the script, which was originally set in New York, for an English setting.\nCritics in the United States praised the film and its British setting, and welcomed it as a return to form for Allen. In contrast, reviewers from the United Kingdom treated Match Point less favourably, finding fault with the locations and, especially, the idiom of the dialogue. Allen was also nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay.
/m/047f9jp	Jagdish Raj Khurana was a Bollywood actor who holds a Guinness World Record record for being the most type-cast actor. He played a police inspector in 144 films.
/m/0n5dt	Mercer County is a county located in the U.S. state of New Jersey. Its county seat is Trenton, the state capital. The county is part of the Trenton, NJ Metropolitan Statistical Area as well as the New York Combined Statistical Area. As of the 2010 United States Census, the population was 366,513, an increase of 15,752 from the 350,761 enumerated in the 2000 Census, retaining its position as the 12th-most populous county in the state. Mercer County stands among the highest-income counties in the United States, with the Bureau of Economic Analysis having ranked the county as having the 78th-highest per capita income of all 3,113 counties in the United States as of 2009.\nThe county was formed by an Act of the New Jersey Legislature on February 22, 1838, from portions of Burlington County, Hunterdon County, and Middlesex County. It was named for Continental Army General Hugh Mercer, who died as a result of wounds received at the Battle of Princeton on January 3, 1777. The Mercer Oak, against which the dying general rested as his men continued to fight, appears on the county seal and stood for 250 years until it collapsed in 2000.
/m/06p03s	Imogen Jennifer Heap is an English singer-songwriter and composer. She is known for her work as part of the musical duo Frou Frou and her solo albums, which she writes, produces, and mixes. She has produced three solo albums, the latest of which is the 2009 Ellipse, a North American chart success that earned Heap two Grammy nominations, winning Best Engineered Album, Non-Classical.
/m/0bm2g	From Here to Eternity is a 1953 drama film directed by Fred Zinnemann and based on the novel of the same name by James Jones. The picture deals with the tribulations of three soldiers, played by Burt Lancaster, Montgomery Clift, and Frank Sinatra, stationed on Hawaii in the months leading up to the attack on Pearl Harbor. Deborah Kerr and Donna Reed portray the women in their lives and the supporting cast includes Ernest Borgnine, Philip Ober, Jack Warden, Mickey Shaughnessy, and George Reeves.\nThe film won eight Academy Awards out of 13 nominations, including for Picture, Best Director, Adapted Screenplay, Supporting Actor and Supporting Actress. The film's title comes originally from a quote from Rudyard Kipling's 1892 poem \"Gentlemen-Rankers\", about soldiers of the British Empire who had \"lost [their] way\" and were \"damned from here to eternity\".
/m/0ddf2bm	Crazy, Stupid, Love. is a 2011 romantic comedy-drama film directed by Glenn Ficarra and John Requa, and written by Dan Fogelman. It stars Steve Carell, Ryan Gosling, Julianne Moore, Emma Stone, John Carroll Lynch, Marisa Tomei, Annaleigh Tipton and Kevin Bacon. The film was released in United States and Canada by Warner Bros. Pictures on July 29, 2011.\nUpon release, the film received positive reviews, earning a 78% approval rating and a \"Certified Fresh\" rating at review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes. The film was a box office success, grossing $19,104,303 in its opening weekend and earning a total of more than $140 million, far exceeding its $50 million budget. The film earned Ryan Gosling a Golden Globe nomination for Best Actor – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy. The movie was released on DVD and Blu-ray on November 1, 2011. The character Jacob Palmer is loosely based on dating coach Nick Sparks of The Social Man.
/m/025vwmy	Garin Wolf is an American television writer and playwright.
/m/02_2kg	The Oberlin Conservatory of Music, located on the campus of Oberlin College in Oberlin, Ohio, was founded in 1865 and is the second oldest conservatory and oldest continually operating conservatory in the United States. Students of Oberlin Conservatory enter a very broad network within the music world, as the school's alumni can be found in most major professional ensembles. It is one of the few American conservatories to be completely attached to a liberal arts college. Oberlin College and Conservatory pride themselves on being almost exclusively undergraduate.
/m/027yf83	The Texas Longhorns men's basketball team represents The University of Texas at Austin in NCAA Division I men's basketball competition. The Longhorns currently compete in the Big 12 Conference.\nThe team has achieved national prominence under head coach Rick Barnes in recent years. Barnes has guided Texas to a school-record twelve consecutive NCAA Tournament appearances and a school-best twelve consecutive 20-win seasons as of February 6, 2011.\nSince 1977, the team has played its home games in the Frank Erwin Special Events Center, where it has compiled a record of 407-95 as of March 1, 2011.
/m/013ksx	Bethlehem is a city in Lehigh and Northampton counties in the Lehigh Valley region of the eastern portion of the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2010 census, the city had a total population of 74,982, making it the seventh largest city in Pennsylvania, after Philadelphia, Pittsburgh, Allentown, Erie, Reading, and Scranton. Of this, 55,639 were in Northampton County, and 19,343 were in Lehigh County.\nBethlehem lies in the center of the Lehigh Valley, a region of 731 square miles that is home to more than 800,000 people. Together with Allentown and Easton, the Valley embraces the Allentown-Bethlehem-Easton, PA-NJ metropolitan area, including Lehigh, Northampton, and Carbon counties within Pennsylvania, and Warren County in the adjacent state of New Jersey. Smaller than Allentown but larger than Easton, Bethlehem is the Lehigh Valley's second most populous city. In turn, this metropolitan area comprises Pennsylvania's third-largest metropolitan area and the state's largest and most populous contribution to the greater New York City metropolitan area.\nThere are four general sections of the city: central Bethlehem, the south side, the east side, and the west side. Each of these sections blossomed at different times in the city's development and each contains areas recognized under the National Register of Historic Places. Zip codes that use the address Bethlehem totaled 116,000 in population in the year 2000. These zip codes include Bethlehem Township.
/m/02z3cm0	ECW Hardcore TV is a professional wrestling television program of Philadelphia-based promotion Extreme Championship Wrestling composed of footage from live shows and recorded interviews. It ran in syndication from 1993 until 2000.\nEven after ECW gained a nationally-available television program on The Nashville Network, Hardcore TV was considered ECW's flagship program. The rights to the show now belong to World Wrestling Entertainment. The show was voted as Best Weekly Television Show in the 1994, 1995 and 1996 Wrestling Observer Newsletter Awards.
/m/0jmjr	The Los Angeles Clippers are a professional basketball team in the National Basketball Association, located in Los Angeles, California, United States of America. They play in the Pacific Division of the NBA. The Clippers play their home games at the Staples Center, an arena shared with the Los Angeles Lakers of the NBA, the Los Angeles Sparks of the Women's National Basketball Association, and the Los Angeles Kings of the National Hockey League.\nThe franchise was founded in 1970 as the Buffalo Braves, one of three expansion teams to join the NBA that year. The Braves moved to San Diego, California in 1978 and became known as the San Diego Clippers. In 1984, the Clippers moved to Los Angeles. Through much of its history, the franchise failed to see significant regular season or playoff success. The Clippers are frequently seen as an example of a perennial loser in American professional sports, drawing unfavorable comparisons to the historically successful Lakers, with whom they have shared a market since 1984 and an arena since 1999.\nThe Clippers' fortunes turned in the early 2010s with the acquisition of core players Blake Griffin and Chris Paul, and in 2013 the franchise won its first division championship, as the team made the playoffs for the ninth time in franchise history and the third time in the past eight seasons. They also added to their budding rivalry with the Los Angeles Lakers, as they finished with a better record than the team for the fifth time and won the season series for the second time since moving to Los Angeles in 1984, this time in a sweep.
/m/073h5b	The 65th Academy Awards ceremony, presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, honored films released in 1992 in the United States and took place on March 29, 1993, at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion in Los Angeles beginning at 6:00 p.m. PST / 9:00 p.m. EST. During the ceremony, AMPAS presented Academy Awards in 23 categories. The ceremony, televised in the United States by ABC, was produced by Gil Cates and directed by Jeff Margolis. Actor Billy Crystal hosted the show for the fourth consecutive year. Three weeks earlier, in a ceremony held at the Century Plaza Hotel in Los Angeles on March 6, the Academy Awards for Technical Achievement were presented by host Sharon Stone.\nUnforgiven won four Oscars including Best Director for Clint Eastwood and Best Picture. Other winners included Bram Stoker's Dracula and Howards End with three awards, Aladdin with two, and The Crying Game, Death Becomes Her, Educating Peter, My Cousin Vinny, Indochine, The Last of the Mohicans, Mona Lisa Descending a Staircase, Omnibus, The Panama Deception, A River Runs Through It and Scent of a Woman with one. The telecast garnered almost 46 million viewers in the United States.
/m/0884hk	Adam Horowitz is an American screenwriter and producer.\nHe is known for his work on Felicity, Black Sash, One Tree Hill, Popular, Fantasy Island, Birds of Prey, Life As We Know It, and Lost.\nHe currently works on the ABC fantasy series Once Upon a Time, which he, and collaborator Edward Kitsis, co-created.
/m/0bm2x	The Lost Weekend is a 1945 American drama film directed by Billy Wilder and starring Ray Milland and Jane Wyman. The film was based on Charles R. Jackson's 1944 novel of the same title about an alcoholic writer. The film was nominated for seven Academy Awards and won four: Best Picture, Best Director, Best Actor, and Best Writing.\nIn 2011, The Lost Weekend was added to the National Film Registry of the Library of Congress.
/m/0htlr	Isabella Fiorella Elettra Giovanna Rossellini is an Italian actress, filmmaker, author, philanthropist, and model. Rossellini is noted for her 14-year tenure as a Lancôme model, and for her roles in films such as Blue Velvet and Death Becomes Her.
/m/0cj36c	Katherine Patricia \"Kate\" Flannery is an American actress known for playing the role of Meredith Palmer on the NBC hit series The Office.
/m/07d370	Mo Willems is an American writer, animator, and creator of children's books.
/m/0bpx1k	About a Boy is a 2002 British-American comedy-drama film co-written and directed by brothers Chris Weitz and Paul Weitz. It is an adaptation of the 1998 novel of the same name by Nick Hornby. The film stars Hugh Grant, Nicholas Hoult, Toni Collette, and Rachel Weisz. The film at times uses double voice-over narration, when the audience hears both Will's and Marcus's thoughts.\nIt was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay. Actors Hugh Grant and Toni Collette were nominated for a Golden Globe and a BAFTA Award respectively for their performances.
/m/051n13	Sport-Club Freiburg e.V., commonly known as SC Freiburg, is a German football club, based in the city of Freiburg im Breisgau, Baden-Württemberg. SC Freiburg has played in the Bundesliga, the top tier of German football, since their promotion in 2009. Freiburg has traditionally bounced between the first and second tier of the German football league system, leading to the fan chant \"We go down, we go up, we go into the UEFA Cup!\" during the 1990s.\nSince 1954, the club's stadium is the Mage Solar Stadion. Volker Finke, who was the club's manager between 1991 and 2007, was the longest-serving manager in the history of professional football in Germany. Joachim Löw, current manager of the German national team, is the club's all-time leading goal scorer with 81 goals in 252 games during his three spells at SCF.
/m/0f6_4	Rensselaer County is a county in the U.S. state of New York. As of the 2010 census, the population was 159,429. Its name is in honor of the family of Kiliaen van Rensselaer, the original Dutch owner of the land in the area. Its county seat is Troy. It is part of the Albany-Schenectady-Troy Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/0h5jg5	Bryan Burk is an American film and television producer, as well as an occasional television writer.
/m/01ty4	Charles Sanders Peirce was an American philosopher, logician, mathematician, and scientist, sometimes known as \"the father of pragmatism\". He was educated as a chemist and employed as a scientist for 30 years. Today he is appreciated largely for his contributions to logic, mathematics, philosophy, scientific methodology, and semiotics, and for his founding of pragmatism.\nIn 1934, the philosopher Paul Weiss called Peirce \"the most original and versatile of American philosophers and America's greatest logician\". Webster's Biographical Dictionary said in 1943 that Peirce was \"now regarded as the most original thinker and greatest logician of his time.\"\nAn innovator in mathematics, statistics, philosophy, research methodology, and various sciences, Peirce considered himself, first and foremost, a logician. He made major contributions to logic, but logic for him encompassed much of that which is now called epistemology and philosophy of science. He saw logic as the formal branch of semiotics, of which he is a founder. As early as 1886 he saw that logical operations could be carried out by electrical switching circuits; the same idea was used decades later to produce digital computers.
/m/035tjy	The Canada men's national soccer team represents Canada in international soccer competitions at the senior men's level. They are overseen by the Canadian Soccer Association and compete in the Confederation of North, Central American and Caribbean Association Football.\nTheir most significant achievements are winning the 1985 CONCACAF Championship to qualify for the 1986 FIFA World Cup and winning the 2000 CONCACAF Gold Cup to qualify for the 2001 FIFA Confederations Cup. Canada also won a gold medal in the 1904 Summer Olympics.
/m/05nw9m	Pran Krishan Sikand, better known by his mononym, Pran, was a multiple Filmfare and BFJA award-winning Indian actor, known as a movie villain and character actor in Hindi cinema from the 1940s to the 1990s. He acted as a hero from 1940–47 and as a villain from 1942–1991 and played supporting and character roles from 1948–2007.\nIn a long and prolific career he appeared in over 350 films. He played the leading man in films like Khandaan, Pilpili Saheb and Halaku. His roles in the films like Madhumati, Jis Desh Men Ganga Behti Hai, Upkar, Shaheed, Ram Aur Shyam, Aansoo Ban Gaye Phool, Johny Mera Naam, Victoria No. 203, Be-Imaan, Zanjeer, Don, Amar Akbar Anthony and Duniya are considered to be among his best performances.\nPran has received numerous awards and honours in his career. He won the Filmfare Best Supporting Actor Award in 1967, 1969 and 1972 and was awarded the Filmfare Lifetime Achievement Award in 1997. He was awarded as the 'Villain of the Millennium' by Stardust in 2000. The Government of India honoured him with the Padma Bhushan in 2001 and the Dadasaheb Phalke Award in 2013 for his contributions towards Indian cinema. In 2010, he was named on the list of CNN's Top 25 Asian actors of all time.
/m/03qmfzx	Justin Spitzer is an American television writer, whose credits include Scrubs and Courting Alex. He is currently serving as a writer on The Office.
/m/014pg1	Oingo Boingo was an American rock band. They are best known for their influence on other musicians, their soundtrack contributions, and their high energy Halloween concerts. The band was founded in 1972 as The Mystic Knights of the Oingo Boingo, a performance art group. From 1976 it was led by songwriter/vocalist Danny Elfman, who has since achieved success as a composer for film and television.\nThe group's format changed twice. In 1979, it reshaped from a semi-theatrical music and comedy troupe into a ska-influenced New Wave octet and shortened their name to Oingo Boingo. Towards the end of the 1980s, the band began shifting to a more guitar-oriented alternative rock sound, and away from the use of horns and synthesizers. The band retired after a sold out farewell concert on Halloween 1995.
/m/0f1nl	The Georgia Institute of Technology is a public research university in Atlanta, Georgia, in the United States. It is a part of the University System of Georgia and has satellite campuses in Savannah, Georgia; Metz, France; Athlone, Ireland; Shanghai, China; and Singapore.\nThe educational institution was founded in 1885 as the Georgia School of Technology as part of Reconstruction plans to build an industrial economy in the post-Civil War Southern United States. Initially, it offered only a degree in mechanical engineering. By 1901, its curriculum had expanded to include electrical, civil, and chemical engineering. In 1948, the school changed its name to reflect its evolution from a trade school to a larger and more capable technical institute and research university.\nToday, Georgia Tech is organized into six colleges and contains about 31 departments/units, with emphasis on science and technology. It is well recognized for its degree programs in engineering, computing, business administration, the sciences, architecture, and liberal arts.\nGeorgia Tech's main campus occupies part of Midtown Atlanta, bordered by 10th Street to the north and by North Avenue to the south, placing it well in sight of the Atlanta skyline. In 1996, the campus was the site of the athletes' village and a venue for a number of athletic events for the 1996 Summer Olympics. The construction of the Olympic village, along with subsequent gentrification of the surrounding areas, enhanced the campus.
/m/01csqg	National Taiwan University is a national co-educational research university located in Taipei, Taiwan. In Taiwan, it is colloquially known as \"Táidà\". Its 1,086,167 m² main campus is located in Taipei's Da'an District. In addition, the university has 6 other campuses in Taipei and elsewhere, with a total area of 345,830,000 m². The University consists of 11 colleges, 54 departments, 103 graduate institutes and 4 research centers. In 2010, the student body consisted of 17,514 undergraduate students and 15,824 graduate students.\nThe university was founded in 1928 by the Japanese administration during the Japanese colonial era and was then known as the Taihoku Imperial University. After World War II, the government of the Republic of China resumed the administration of Taihoku University and reorganized and renamed it National Taiwan University on November 15, 1945.\nNTU is often considered to be among the most prestigious universities in Taiwan. It has strong ties with the Academia Sinica.
/m/0n_ps	Weld County is the third most extensive and the ninth most populous of the 64 counties of the State of Colorado of the United States. The United States Census Bureau estimates that the county population was 252,825 in 2010 census, a 39.7% increase since 2000 census. The United States Office of Management and Budget has designated Weld County as the Greeley, CO Metropolitan Statistical Area, a component of the Denver-Aurora-Boulder, CO Combined Statistical Area.
/m/03bkbh	The Irish people are an ethnic group who originate in Ireland, an island in northwestern Europe. Ireland has been populated for around 9,000 years. The main groups that interacted with the Irish in the Middle Ages include the Picts, Scots, and the Vikings. Due to this contact, Icelanders are noted for having some Irish descent. Approximately forty percent of the settlement population of Iceland were Gaels that originally came from Ireland or what is now Scotland. The Anglo-Norman invasion of the High Middle Ages, the English plantations and the subsequent English rule of the country introduced the Normans and Flemish into Ireland. Welsh, Picts, Bretons, and small parties of Gauls and even Anglo-Saxons are known in Ireland from much earlier times.\nThe Irish people's earliest ancestors are recorded in mythology and legends – in which they are claimed to be descended from groups such as the Nemedians, Fomorians, Fir Bolg, Tuatha Dé Danann and the Milesians. Lebor Gabála Érenn, a book of Irish mythology tells that Milesians were Scythian descendants.\nThere have been many notable Irish people throughout history. The 6th-century Irish monk and missionary Columbanus is regarded as one of the \"fathers of Europe\", followed by Kilian of Würzburg and Vergilius of Salzburg. The scientist Robert Boyle is considered the \"father of chemistry\". Famous Irish explorers include Brendan the Navigator, Robert McClure, Ernest Shackleton and Tom Crean. By some accounts, the first European child born in North America had Irish descent on both sides; and an Irishman was the first European to set foot on American soil in Columbus' expedition of 1492.
/m/0427y	Jerry Lewis AM is an American comedian, actor, singer, film producer, screenwriter and film director. He is known for his slapstick humor in film, television, stage and radio. He was originally paired up with Dean Martin in 1946, forming the famed comedy team of Martin and Lewis.\nIn addition to the duo's popular nightclub work, they starred in a successful series of comedy films for Paramount Pictures. Lewis is also known as the host, for more than 40 years, of the Muscular Dystrophy Association's annual Labor Day Telethon and national chairman of the MDA.\nLewis has won several awards for lifetime achievements from The American Comedy Awards, Los Angeles Film Critics Association, and Venice Film Festival, and he has two stars on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. In 2005, he received the Governors Award of the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences Board of Governors, which is the highest Emmy Award presented.\nOn February 22, 2009, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences awarded Lewis the Jean Hersholt Humanitarian Award.
/m/0drs_	Chautauqua County is a county located in the U.S. state of New York. As of the 2010 census, the population was 134,905. Its name may be a contraction of a Seneca Indian word meaning \"bag tied in the middle\". Its county seat is Mayville, and its largest city is Jamestown.
/m/015z4j	Serena Jameka Williams is an American professional tennis player who is currently ranked No. 1 in women's singles tennis. The Women's Tennis Association has ranked her World No. 1 in singles on six separate occasions. She became the World No. 1 for the first time on July 8, 2002, and regained this ranking for the sixth time on February 18, 2013, becoming the oldest world no. 1 player in WTA's history. She is the only female player to have won over $50 million in prize money. Williams is the reigning French Open, US Open, WTA Tour Championships and Olympic ladies singles champion.\nWilliams holds the most Major singles, doubles, and mixed doubles titles combined amongst active players, male or female. Her record of 32 Major titles puts her seventh on the all-time list: 17 in singles, 13 in women's doubles, and 2 in mixed doubles. She is the most recent player, male or female, to have held all four Grand Slam singles titles simultaneously and only the fifth woman ever to do so. Her total of 17 Grand Slam singles titles is sixth on the all-time list, and fourth in the Open Era, behind Steffi Graf and Chris Evert and Martina Navratilova. She has won 13 Grand Slam doubles titles with her sister Venus Williams and the pair are unbeaten in Grand Slam finals. Serena Williams is also a four-time winner of the WTA Tour Championships. Williams is only one of five tennis players all-time to win a multiple slam set in two disciplines, matching Margaret Court, Roy Emerson, Martina Navratilova and Frank Sedgman. The arrival of Venus and Serena Williams has been credited with launching a new era of power and athleticism in women's tennis.
/m/0fm2_	Kingston upon Hull, usually referred to as Hull, is a city and unitary authority area in the ceremonial county of the East Riding of Yorkshire, England. It stands on the River Hull at its junction with the Humber estuary, 25 miles inland from the North Sea. Hull has a resident population of 256,100. The Larger Urban Zone population stands at 573,300.\nThe town of Hull was founded late in the 12th century. The monks of Meaux Abbey needed a port where the wool from their estates could be exported. They chose a place at the junction of the rivers Hull and Humber to build a quay.\nThe exact year Hull was founded is not known but it was first mentioned in 1193. It was called Wyke on Hull. Renamed Kings-town upon Hull by King Edward I in 1299, the town and city of Hull has served as market town, military supply port, a trading hub, fishing and whaling centre, and industrial metropolis.\nHull was an early theatre of battle in the English Civil Wars. Its 18th-century Member of Parliament, William Wilberforce, played a key role in the abolition of the slave trade in Britain.\nThe city is unique in the UK in having had a municipally owned telephone system from 1902, sporting cream, not red, telephone boxes.
/m/07c5l	The Americas, or America, also known as the New World, are the combined continental landmasses of North America and South America, in the Western Hemisphere. Along with their associated islands, they cover 8.3% of the Earth's total surface area. The topography is dominated by the American Cordillera, a long chain of mountains that run the length of the west coast. The flatter eastern side of the Americas is dominated by large river basins, such as the Amazon, Mississippi, and La Plata. Extending 14,000 km in a north-south orientation, the climate and ecology varies widely across the Americas, from arctic tundra of Northern Canada, Greenland, and Alaska, to the tropical rain forests in Central America and South America.\nHumans first settled the Americas from Asia between 40,000 BCE and 15,000 BCE. A second migration of Na-Dene speakers followed later from Asia. The subsequent migration of the Inuit into the neoarctic around 3500 BCE completed what is generally regarded as the settlement by the Indigenous peoples of the Americas. The first known European settlement in the Americas was by the Norse explorer Leif Ericson. However the colonization never became permanent and was later abandoned. The voyages of Christopher Columbus from 1492 to 1502 resulted in permanent contact with European powers, which led to the Columbian exchange. Diseases introduced from Europe and Africa devastated the Indigenous peoples, and the European powers colonised the Americas. Mass emigration from Europe, including large numbers of indentured servants, and forced immigration of African slaves largely replaced the Indigenous Peoples. Beginning with the American Revolution in 1776 and Haitian Revolution in 1791, the European powers began to decolonise the Americas. Currently, almost all of the population of the Americas resides in independent countries; however, the legacy of the colonisation and settlement by Europeans is that the Americas share many common cultural traits, most notably Christianity and the use of Indo-European languages; primarily Spanish, English, and Portuguese. More than 900 million people live in the Americas, the most populous countries being the United States, Brazil, and Mexico, the most populous cities being São Paulo, Mexico City and New York City.
/m/0bytkq	Dante Ferretti is an Italian production designer, art director and costume designer for films.\nIn his career, Ferretti has worked with many great directors, both American and Italian, such as Pier Paolo Pasolini, Federico Fellini, Terry Gilliam, Franco Zeffirelli, Martin Scorsese, Francis Ford Coppola, Anthony Minghella, and Tim Burton. He frequently collaborates with his wife, set decorator Francesca Lo Schiavo.\nFerretti was a protégé of Federico Fellini, and worked under him for five films. He also had a five-film collaboration with Pier Paolo Pasolini and later developed a very close professional relationship with Martin Scorsese, designing seven of his last eight movies.\nIn 2008, he designed the set for Howard Shore's opera The Fly, directed by David Cronenberg, at the Théâtre du Châtelet in Paris.\nFerretti won three Academy Awards for Best Art Direction for The Aviator, Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street and Hugo. He had seven previous nominations. In addition, he was nominated for Best Costume Design for Kundun. He has also won three BAFTA Awards.\nIn 2012, he designed the decor for restaurant Salumeria Rosi Parmacotto on Manhattan's Upper East Side, consisting of a theatrical dining room combining faux-Roman statues and peeling-paint Pompeii-like frescos with recessed spotlights, red walls, and modern white leather armchairs.
/m/0ps8c	Alkmaar is a municipality and a city in the Netherlands, in the province of Noord Holland. Alkmaar is well known for its traditional cheese market. For tourists, it is a popular cultural destination.
/m/0265vt	The Nebula Awards are given each year by the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America for the best science fiction or fantasy fiction published in the United States during the previous year. The award has been described as one of \"the most important of the American science fiction awards\" and \"the science-fiction and fantasy equivalent\" of the Emmy Awards. The Nebula Award for Best Novel is given each year for science fiction or fantasy novels published in English or translated into English and released in the United States or on the internet during the previous calendar year. A work of fiction is defined by the organization as a novel if it is 40,000 words or longer; awards are also given out for pieces of shorter lengths in the short story, novelette, and novella categories. The Nebula Award for Best Novel has been awarded annually since 1966. Novels which were expanded forms of previously published short stories are eligible, as are novellas published by themselves if the author requests them to be considered as a novel.\nNebula Award nominees and winners are chosen by members of the SFWA, though the authors of the nominees do not need to be members. Works are nominated each year between November 15 and February 15 by published authors who are members of the organization, and the six works that receive the most nominations then form the final ballot, with additional nominees possible in the case of ties. Members may then vote on the ballot throughout March, and the final results are presented at the Nebula Awards ceremony in May. Authors are not permitted to nominate their own works, and ties in the final vote are broken, if possible, by the number of nominations the works received. Beginning with the 2009 awards, the rules were changed to the current format. Prior to then, the eligibility period for nominations was defined as one year after the publication date of the work, which allowed the possibility for works to be nominated in the calendar year after their publication and then be awarded in the calendar year after that. Works were added to a preliminary list for the year if they had ten or more nominations, which were then voted on to create a final ballot, to which the SFWA organizing panel was also allowed to add an additional work.
/m/01cpkt	Major is a rank of commissioned officer, with corresponding ranks existing in many military forces.\nWhen used unhyphenated, in conjunction with no other indicator of rank, the term refers to the rank just senior to that of an army captain and just below the rank of lieutenant colonel. It is considered the most junior of the field ranks. In some militaries, notably France and Ireland, the rank is referred to as commandant, while in others it is known as captain-major. It is also used in some police forces and other paramilitary rank structures, such as the New York State Police, New Jersey State Police and several others. As a police rank, Major roughly corresponds to the UK rank of Superintendent.\nWhen used in hyphenated or combined fashion, the term can also imply seniority at other levels of rank, including general-major or major general, denoting a mid-level general officer, and sergeant major, denoting the most senior NCO of a military unit.\nIt can also be used with a hyphen to denote the leader of a military band such as in pipe-major or drum-major.
/m/0p_2r	Lorne Michaels, CM is a Canadian-American television producer and writer, best known for creating and producing Saturday Night Live and producing the various film and TV projects that have spun off from it.
/m/051q5	The Minnesota Vikings are a professional American football team based in Minneapolis, Minnesota. The Vikings joined the National Football League as an expansion team in 1960, and first took the field for the 1961 season. They currently participate in the North Division of the National Football Conference; prior to that, the Vikings were in the NFC Central Division, and before that they were in the NFL's Western Conference Central Division.\nThe Vikings played their home games at the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome in Minneapolis from 1982 to 2013. The Vikings played their last game at the Metrodome on December 29, 2013, defeating the Detroit Lions 14–13 to end the season. In May 2012, a bill was passed to build a new stadium for the team at the site of the Metrodome. The new stadium is expected to be open for the 2016 season. They will play their home games at TCF Bank Stadium while the new stadium is being built. From the team's first season in 1961 to 1981, the team called Metropolitan Stadium in suburban Bloomington home. The Vikings conducted summer training camp at Bemidji State University from 1961 to 1965. In 1966, the team moved to their current training camp at Minnesota State University in Mankato.
/m/016ypb	Hugo Wallace Weaving is an Australian film and stage actor. He is best known for his roles as Agent Smith in The Matrix trilogy and Elrond in the Lord of the Rings film trilogy and The Hobbit film trilogy. He first rose to prominence for his performance as Martin in Proof. Other notable works include Tick in The Adventures of Priscilla, V in V for Vendetta, Red Skull in Captain America: The First Avenger and multiple roles in Cloud Atlas. He has also provided the voice Rex in Babe, Noah in Happy Feet and Happy Feet Two and Megatron in the Transformers film series as well as starring in numerous Australian character dramas. He has received many award nominations and wins during his career, including a Satellite Award, an MTV Movie Award and several Australian Film Institute Awards.
/m/02q87z6	The Village is a 2004 American psychological thriller film, written, produced, and directed by M. Night Shyamalan about an end-of-the-19th-century village whose inhabitants live in fear of creatures inhabiting the woods beyond it. The movie was shot in a re-creation of a 19th-century village outside Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, following Shyamalan's penchant for staging his films near his hometown. The movie met with mixed reviews. The film gave composer James Newton Howard his fourth Academy Award nomination for Best Original Score.
/m/0kz10	Intelligent dance music is a form of electronic music that emerged in the early 1990s. It was originally influenced by developments in underground dance music such as Detroit techno and various breakbeat styles that were emerging in the UK at that time. Stylistically, IDM tended to rely upon individualistic experimentation rather than adhering to musical characteristics associated with specific genres of dance music. The range of post-techno styles to emerge in the early 1990s were described variously as \"art techno\", \"ambient techno\", \"intelligent techno\", and \"electronica\". In the United States, the latter is often used as a catchall term to describe not only downtempo or downbeat/non-dance electronic music but also EDM.\nThe term \"IDM\" is said to have originated in the United States in 1993 with the formation of the \"IDM list\", an electronic mailing list originally chartered for the discussion of music by a number of prominent English artists, especially those appearing on a 1992 Warp Records compilation called Artificial Intelligence.\nUsage of the term \"intelligent dance music\" has been criticised by electronic musicians such as Aphex Twin as derogatory towards other styles and is seen by artists such as Mike Paradinas as being particular to the U.S.
/m/0425j7	The Ulsan Hyundai Football Club is a South Korean professional football club, owned by Korean corporation Hyundai Heavy Industries, they entered the K League in 1984 as Hyundai Horang-i. Home ground of this team is Ulsan Munsu Football Stadium.
/m/04gf49c	A restaurateur is a person who opens and runs restaurants professionally. Although over time the term has come to describe any person who owns a restaurant, traditionally it refers to a highly skilled professional who is proficient in all aspects of the restaurant business.
/m/05b6rdt	The Cabin in the Woods is a 2012 American satirical horror film directed by Drew Goddard in his directorial debut, produced by Joss Whedon, and written by Whedon and Goddard. The film stars Kristen Connolly, Chris Hemsworth, Anna Hutchison, Fran Kranz, and Jesse Williams.\nGoddard and Whedon, having worked together previously on Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Angel, wrote the screenplay in three days, describing it as an attempt to \"revitalize\" the slasher film genre and as a critical satire on torture porn. The A.V. Club, elaborating on this description, wrote, \"Where Scream put a postmodern twist on slasher films, The Cabin In The Woods takes on the whole genre and twists even harder... The script brings to the fore Whedon’s love of subverting clichés while embracing them and teasing out their deeper meaning.\"\nFilming took place in Vancouver, British Columbia, from March to May 2009 on an estimated budget of $30 million. Scheduled to be released on February 5, 2010, the release was delayed until January 14, 2011 so that the film could be converted into 3D. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer's financial troubles then delayed the release indefinitely. The distribution rights were bought by Lionsgate in April 2011, who cancelled the planned 3D conversion. The film then premiered on March 9, 2012 at the South by Southwest film festival in Austin, Texas and was released in the United States on April 13, 2012. The film was both a critical and financial success receiving positive reviews, featuring on Metacritic's best films of 2012 list and grossing over $65 million worldwide.
/m/027024	Northampton Town Football Club is an English professional football club based in Northampton, Northamptonshire. The club participates in Football League Two, the fourth tier of English football. They hold the record for the shortest time taken to be promoted from the bottom tier to the top tier and relegated back down to the bottom again, in the space of nine years.\nNorthampton were formed in 1897, after meetings between the town’s schoolteachers and local solicitor A.J. Darnell. They play their home games at the 7,653 capacity all-seater Sixfields Stadium, having moved in 1994 from the County Ground which they shared with the owners, Northamptonshire County Cricket Club. The club’s main rival is Peterborough United, a rivalry which has endured since the 1960s, although the two teams are currently separated by one division. Other recent rivals include Rushden & Diamonds and Oxford United. The club's colours have traditionally been claret and white. The club nickname is \"The Cobblers\", a reference to the town's historical shoe-making industry.
/m/0p7h7	Jerry Lee Lewis is an American rock and roll and country music singer-songwriter and pianist. He is known by the nickname \"The Killer\" and is often viewed as \"rock & roll's first great wild man.\"\nAn early pioneer of rock and roll music, in 1956 Lewis made his first recordings at Sun Records. \"Crazy Arms\" sold 300,000 copies in the South, but it was his 1957 hit \"Whole Lotta Shakin' Going On\" that shot Lewis to fame worldwide. Lewis followed this when he recorded songs such as \"Great Balls of Fire\", \"Breathless\" and \"High School Confidential\". However, Lewis's rock and roll career faltered in the wake of his marriage to his 13-year-old cousin when he was 22.\nHe had little success in the charts following the scandal and his popularity quickly faded. His live performance fees plummeted from $10,000 per night to $250. In the meantime he was determined to gain back some of his popularity. During the early 1960s he didn't have much chart success with few exceptions such as \"What'd I Say\". His live performances at this time were increasingly wild and energetic. His album Live at the Star Club, Hamburg from 1964 is often regarded by many music journalists and fans as one of the wildest and greatest rock and roll concert albums ever. After recording songs such as \"I'm on Fire\" for several years with little success, in 1968 Lewis made a transition into country music and had hits with songs such as \"Another Place, Another Time\". This reignited his career and throughout the late 1960s and 1970s he regularly topped the country-western charts. His No. 1 country hits included \"To Make Love Sweeter For You\", \"There Must Be More to Love Than This\", \"Would You Take Another Chance on Me\" and \"Me And Bobby McGee\".
/m/0mfc0	John Herbert Varley is an American science fiction author.
/m/0275_pj	Stephen Demorest is an American soap opera writer. He is married to Nancy Curlee.
/m/019lxm	Santos Futebol Clube, commonly known as Santos or Peixe, is a Brazilian professional football club based in Vila Belmiro, a bairro in the city of Santos. Despite being primarily an association football team, Santos compete in a number of different sports. It plays in the Paulistão, the State of São Paulo's premier state league, as well as the Brasileirão, the top tier of the Brazilian football league system. Santos are one of the only five clubs to have never been relegated, along with São Paulo, Flamengo, Internacional and Cruzeiro.\nThe club was founded in 1912 by the initiative of three sports enthusiasts from Santos by Raimundo Marques, Mário Ferraz de Campos, and Argemiro de Souza Júnior as a response to the lack of representation the city had in football. Since then, Santos became one of Brazil's most successful clubs, becoming a symbol of Joga Bonito in football culture, hence the motto \"Técnica e Disciplina\". The most recognized Santista anthem is the \"Leão do Mar\" written by Mangeri Neto. This was largely thanks to the Peixe's golden generation of the 1960s which contained players such as Gilmar, Mauro Ramos, Mengálvio, Coutinho, Pepe and Pelé, named the \"Athlete of the Century\" by the International Olympic Committee, and widely regarded among football historians, former players and fans to be the best and most accomplished footballer in the game's history. Os Santásticos, considered by some the best club team of all times, won a total of 24 titles during that decade including five consecutive Brasileirãos, a feat that remains unequaled until today. Os Santásticos also became the first squad in the world to win the Continental Treble, winning the Paulistão, the Brasileirão, and the Copa Libertadores in 1962.
/m/04257b	Seongnam FC is a South Korean professional football club, based in Seongnam, South Korea, Seongnam is satellite city of Seoul, 28 km away. Seongnam plays in the K League Classic. Founded as Ilhwa Chunma Football Club in 1989, the club is the most successful in Korean football, having won a record 7 League titles, 2 FA Cups, 3 League Cups, and 2 AFC Champions League titles.\nSeongnam placed 5th in the IFFHS Asian Club of the 20th Century.\nIn 2014, the club was bought by the city of Seongnam and was officially renamed Seongnam FC
/m/07x16	A urinary tract infection is an infection that affects part of the urinary tract. When it affects the lower urinary tract it is known as a simple cystitis and when it affects the upper urinary tract it is known as pyelonephritis. Symptoms from a lower urinary tract include painful urination and either frequent urination or urge to urinate, while those of pyelonephritis include fever and flank pain in addition to the symptoms of a lower UTI. In the elderly and the very young, symptoms may be vague or non specific. The main causal agent of both types is Escherichia coli, however other bacteria, viruses or fungi may rarely be the cause.\nUrinary tract infections occur more commonly in women than men, with half of women having at least one infection at some point in their lives. Recurrences are common. Risk factors include female anatomy, sexual intercourse and family history. Pyelonephritis, if it occurs, usually follows a bladder infection but may also result from a blood borne infection. Diagnosis in young healthy women can be based on symptoms alone. In those with vague symptoms, diagnosis can be difficult because bacteria may be present without there being an infection. In complicated cases or if treatment has failed, a urine culture may be useful. In those with frequent infections, low dose antibiotics may be taken as a preventative measure.
/m/03mr85	Peyton Place is a 1957 American drama film directed by Mark Robson. The screenplay by John Michael Hayes is based on the bestselling 1956 novel of the same name by Grace Metalious.\nPeyton Place is an exposé of the lives and loves of the residents of a small New England mill town, where scandal, homicide, suicide, incest, and moral hypocrisy hide behind a tranquil façade in the years surrounding World War II. The film stars Lana Turner and Hope Lange, with supporting roles from Lee Philips, Lloyd Nolan, and Diane Varsi.
/m/02ckm7	Toowoomba is a city in South-East Queensland, Australia. It is located 127 km west of Queensland's capital city, Brisbane. With an estimated district population of 157,699, Toowoomba is Australia's second most populous inland city and the most populous non-capital inland city.\nA university and cathedral city, Toowoomba hosts the Australian Carnival of Flowers each September, and Easterfest is held annually over the Easter weekend. There are more than 150 public parks and gardens in Toowoomba. It has developed into a regional centre for business and government services. It is also the provincial capital of the Darling Downs.
/m/03cl8lb	Charlotte Gibson is an American television soap opera writer. Gibson was hired as a Breakdown Writer on Days of our Lives by Hogan Sheffer. She attended New York University's Graduate Acting Program at the Tisch School of the Arts, graduating in 1990.
/m/0svqs	Sean Astin is an American film actor, director, voice artist, and producer best known for his film roles as Samwise Gamgee in the Lord of the Rings trilogy, Mikey Walsh in The Goonies, and the title character of Rudy. In television, he appeared as Lynn McGill in the fifth season of 24 and currently voices Raphael in the 2012 Nickelodeon Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles TV series and Oso in the Disney Junior show Special Agent Oso. Astin also served as the campaign manager for his friend, Democrat Dan Adler, a businessman in the entertainment industry, for California's 36th congressional district special election, 2011.
/m/0bz60q	Vernon Chatman is a television producer, writer, voice actor, stand-up comedian, musician and a member of PFFR, an art collective based in Brooklyn, NYC.
/m/0h4xw_	Animal rights is the idea that some, or all, nonhuman animals are entitled to the possession of their own lives, and that their most basic interests – such as an interest in not suffering – should be afforded the same consideration as the similar interests of human beings. Advocates oppose the assignment of moral value and fundamental protections on the basis of species membership alone – an idea known since 1970 as speciesism, when the term was coined by Richard D. Ryder – arguing that it is a prejudice as irrational as any other. They agree for the most part that animals should no longer be viewed as property, or used as food, clothing, research subjects, entertainment, or beasts of burden.\nAdvocates approach the issue from a variety of perspectives. The abolitionist view is that animals have moral rights, which the pursuit of incremental reform may undermine by encouraging human beings to feel comfortable about using them. Gary Francione's abolitionist position is promoting ethical veganism. He argues that animal rights groups who pursue welfare concerns, such as People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals, risk making the public feel comfortable about its use of animals. He calls such groups the \"new welfarists\". Tom Regan, as a deontologist, argues that at least some animals are \"subjects-of-a-life,\" with beliefs, desires, memories, and a sense of their own future, who must be treated as ends in themselves, not as a means to an end. Sentiocentrism is the theory that sentient individuals are the subject of moral concern and therefore deserve rights. Protectionists seek incremental reform in how animals are treated, with a view to ending animal use entirely, or almost entirely. This position is represented by the philosopher Peter Singer, whose focus as a utilitarian is not on moral rights, but on the argument that animals have interests, particularly an interest in not suffering, and that there is no moral or logical reason not to award those interests equal consideration. Singer's position is known as utilitarianism. Multiple cultural traditions around the world, such as Hinduism, Buddhism, and Jainism, also support some forms of animal rights.
/m/0fjsl	Trieste is a city and seaport in northeastern Italy. It is situated towards the end of a narrow strip of Italian territory lying between the Adriatic Sea and Slovenia, which lies almost immediately south and east of the city. Trieste is located at the head of the Gulf of Trieste and throughout history it has been influenced by its location at the crossroads of Latin, Slavic, and Germanic cultures. In 2009, it had a population of about 205,000 and it is the capital of the autonomous region Friuli Venezia Giulia and Trieste province.\nTrieste was one of the oldest parts of the Habsburg Monarchy. In the 19th century, it was the most important port of one of the Great Powers of Europe. As a prosperous seaport in the Mediterranean region, Trieste became the fourth largest city of the Austro-Hungarian Empire. In the fin-de-siecle period, it emerged as an important hub for literature and music. It underwent an economic revival during the 1930s, and Trieste was an important spot in the struggle between the Eastern and Western blocs after the Second World War. Today, the city is in one of the richest regions of Italy, and has been a great centre for shipping, through its port, shipbuilding and financial services.
/m/083jv	White is the color of milk and fresh snow. It is the color produced by the reflection, transmission or emission of all wavelengths of visible light, without absorption.\nAs a symbol, white is the opposite of black, and often represents light in contrast with darkness. According to surveys in Europe and the United States, white is the color most often associated with innocence, perfection, the good, honesty, cleanliness, the beginning, the new, neutrality, lightness, and exactitude.
/m/02lf1j	Kevin Elliot Pollak is an American actor, impressionist, game show host, and comedian. He started performing stand-up comedy at the age of 10 and touring professionally at the age of 20. In 1988, Pollak landed a role in George Lucas’s Willow, directed by Ron Howard, and began his acting career. Pollak is an avid poker player, hosting weekly home games with some of Hollywood's A-list celebrities. He finished 134th out of 6,598 entrants in the 2012 WSOP, earning himself $52,718.
/m/0cjsxp	Michael Corbett Shannon is an American actor and musician. He was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his performance in Revolutionary Road. He is a regular on the HBO series Boardwalk Empire. His performance in the 2011 film Take Shelter led to further critical acclaim, gaining him the Saturn Award for Best Actor. He also played Richard Kuklinski in The Iceman, and General Zod in the 2013 film Man of Steel.
/m/0k049	Beverly Hills is a city in Los Angeles County, California, United States, surrounded by the city of Los Angeles. Originally a Spanish ranch where lima beans were grown, it was incorporated in 1914 by a group of investors who had failed to find oil, but found water instead and eventually decided to develop it into a town. It is now home to 34,290 inhabitants. Sometimes merely known by one of its primary zip codes, \"90210\", it has been home to actors and celebrities. The city also includes the shopping district Rodeo Drive and the Beverly Hills Oil Field.
/m/01jc6q	Cabaret is a 1972 musical film directed by Bob Fosse and starring Liza Minnelli, Michael York and Joel Grey. The film is set in Berlin during the Weimar Republic in 1931, under the ominous presence of the growing Nazi Party.\nThe film is loosely based on the 1966 Broadway musical Cabaret by Kander and Ebb, which was adapted from the novel The Berlin Stories by Christopher Isherwood and the 1951 play I Am a Camera adapted from the same book. Only a few numbers from the stage score were used for the film; Kander and Ebb wrote new ones to replace those that were discarded. In the traditional manner of musical theater, every significant character in the stage version of Cabaret sings to express emotion and advance the plot. In the film version, the musical numbers are entirely diegetic, taking place in the club, and just two of the film's major characters sing songs.\nCabaret still holds the record for most Academy Award wins in a single year without winning the highest honor, Best Picture, with eight awards. The film won the Academy Award for Best Director for Bob Fosse, Best Actress for Liza Minnelli, Best Supporting Actor for Joel Grey, and five more technical awards. It lost Best Picture award to The Godfather, which won three awards.
/m/051gjr	Koninklijke Beerschot Antwerpen Club, simply known as Beerschot AC, was a Belgian football club based in southern Antwerp. Beerschot played in the Belgian Pro League from 1999–2000 until 2012–13, when they were relegated not only through their league position, but also lost their professional license through financial issues, being officially declared bankrupt on 21 May 2013 - one week after the season had ended.\nThe club was established in 1999 as the result of the merger between K Beerschot VAC and KFC Germinal Ekeren, from which they took over the matricule number and history. Prior to the merger, Germinal Ekeren had been a first division club for 10 years, while 7 times Belgian champion Beerschot was struggling with financial problems in the third division. The club won 2 Belgian Cups, one as Germinal Ekeren in 1997, the other as Germinal Beerschot in 2005. Their best league ranking was a 3rd place in 1995–96 and in 1997–98.\nFollowing the merger in 1999, the club moved from the Veltwijckstadion in the municipality of Ekeren to the Olympisch Stadion in the Kiel neighbourhood in Antwerp. Their outfits mixed the yellow and red of Germinal Ekeren with the purple of Beerschot. Their biggest rival is Royal Antwerp FC. On 17 May 2011, the club changed its name again to Koninklijke Beerschot Antwerpse Club or Beerschot AC. The name change was the result of an internal struggle which split the board of directors which ended with the former Germinal Ekeren board members vacating their position, giving a free path to remove the mention of Germinal in the team's name by the new directors as part of a business plan to restore the former K Beerschot VAC in its former glory. In addition, the club set its motto to the Latin phrase 'Tene Quod Bene', which translates as 'keep what is good', again referring to the fact that only the \"Beerschot\" part was kept. After being relegated in 2012–13, the club went bankrupt at the end of the season and was removed from competition altogether.
/m/02056s	Greenock Morton Football Club are a Scottish professional football club, who currently play in the Scottish Championship. The club was founded as Morton Football Club in 1874, making it one of the oldest senior Scottish clubs. Morton were renamed as Greenock Morton in 1994 to celebrate the links with its home town of Greenock.\nMorton won the Scottish Cup in 1922, and achieved their highest league finish in 1916–17, finishing as runners-up to champions Celtic.\nMorton holds the record for the most promotions and relegations into the top flight, however they have never competed in the current Scottish Premiership, having last competed in 1988 in the old Scottish Football League Premier Division.
/m/04kllm9	An intense itching sensation.
/m/0c35b1	Anthony D. Mackie is an American actor. He has been featured in feature films, television series, and Broadway and Off-Broadway plays, including Ma Rainey's Black Bottom, Drowning Crow, McReele, A Soldier's Play, and Carl Hancock Rux's Talk, for which he won an Obie Award in 2002.\nIn 2002, he was featured in Eminem's debut film, 8 Mile, playing Papa Doc, a member of Leaders of the Free World. He was nominated for Independent Spirit Award for Best Actor for his role in Brother to Brother. His second nomination was for Best Supporting Actor at the 2009 Independent Spirit Awards for his role in The Hurt Locker.
/m/06pq6	The Shia represent the second largest denomination of Islam and adherents of Shia Islam are called Shias or the Shi'a as a collective or Shi'i individually. Shi'a is the short form of the historic phrase Shīʻatu ʻAlī meaning \"followers\", \"faction\" or \"party\" of Muhammad's son-in-law and cousin Ali, whom the Shia believe to be Muhammad's successor in the Caliphate. Twelver Shia is the largest branch of Shia Islam and the term Shia Muslim is often taken to refer to Twelvers by default.\nShi'i Islam is based on the Quran and the message of the Islamic prophet Muhammad attested in hadith recorded by the Shia, and certain books deemed sacred to the Shia. In contrast to other Muslims, the Shia believe that only God has the right to choose a representative to safeguard Islam, the Quran and sharia. Thus the Shia look to Ali, Muhammad's son-in-law, whom they revere and consider divinely appointed, as the rightful successor to Muhammad, and the first Imam. In the centuries after the death of Muhammad, the Shia extended this \"Imami\" doctrine to Muhammad's family, the Ahl al-Bayt, and certain individuals among his descendants, known as Imams, who they believe possess special spiritual and political authority over the community, infallibility, and other quasi-divine traits.
/m/016ztl	Porco Rosso is a 1992 Japanese animated adventure film written and directed by Hayao Miyazaki. It is based on Hikōtei Jidai, a three-part watercolor manga by Miyazaki. The film stars the voices of Shūichirō Moriyama, Tokiko Kato, Akemi Okamura and Akio Ōtsuka. Toshio Suzuki produced the film for Studio Ghibli. Joe Hisaishi composed the music.\nThe plot revolves around an Italian World War I ex-fighter ace, now living as a freelance bounty hunter chasing \"air pirates\" in the Adriatic Sea. However, an unusual curse has transformed him to an anthropomorphic pig. Once called Marco Pagot, he is now known to the world as \"Porco Rosso\", Italian for \"Red Pig\".
/m/01pcrw	Naomi Campbell is a British model. Discovered at the age of 15, she established herself among the top three most recognizable and in-demand models of the late 1980s and the 1990s, and she was one of six models of her generation declared \"supermodels\" by the fashion world. Her personal life is widely reported, particularly her relationships with prominent men—including boxer Mike Tyson and actor Robert De Niro—and several highly publicised convictions for assault.
/m/05jzt3	Walk the Line is a 2005 American biographical drama film directed by James Mangold and based on the early life and career of country music artist Johnny Cash. The film stars Joaquin Phoenix, Reese Witherspoon, Ginnifer Goodwin, and Robert Patrick.\nThe film focuses on Cash's early life, his romance with June Carter, and his ascent to the country music scene, with material taken from his autobiographies. The film's production budget is estimated to have been US$28,000,000.\nWalk the Line previewed at the Telluride Film Festival on September 4, 2005, and went into wide release on November 18. The film was nominated for five Academy Awards including Best Actor, Best Actress, and Best Costume Design. The film grossed a total of $186,438,883 worldwide.
/m/0kz1h	The Australian dollar is the currency of the Commonwealth of Australia, including Christmas Island, Cocos Islands, and Norfolk Island, as well as the independent Pacific Island states of Kiribati, Nauru and Tuvalu. Within Australia it is almost always abbreviated with the dollar sign, with A$ sometimes used to distinguish it from other dollar-denominated currencies. It is subdivided into 100 cents.\nAs of 2011, the Australian dollar is the 5th most traded currency in the world, accounting for 7.6% of the world's daily share. It trades in the world foreign exchange markets behind the US dollar, the euro, the yen and the pound sterling. The Australian dollar is popular with currency traders, because of the comparatively high interest rates in Australia, the relative freedom of the foreign exchange market from government intervention, the general stability of Australia's economy and political system, and the prevailing view that the Australian dollar offers diversification benefits in a portfolio containing the major world currencies, especially because of its greater exposure to Asian economies and the commodities cycle. The currency is commonly referred to by foreign-exchange traders as the \"Aussie\".
/m/0mdyn	Corey Scott Feldman is an American actor and singer. He became well-known during the 1980s, with roles as a youth in films such as Friday the 13th: The Final Chapter, Friday the 13th: A New Beginning, The Goonies, Stand by Me, The Lost Boys, Gremlins, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and The 'Burbs. Feldman is also the lead singer for the ska band Truth Movement.
/m/02n9jv	A consultant is a professional who provides professional or expert advice in a particular area such as security, management, accountancy, law, human resources, marketing, finance, engineering, or any of many other specialized fields.\nA consultant is usually an expert or a professional in a specific field and has a wide knowledge of the subject matter. The role of consultant outside the medical sphere can fall under one of two general categories:\nInternal consultant - someone who operates within an organization but is available to be consulted on areas of specialism by other departments or individuals; or\nExternal consultant - someone who is employed externally whose expertise is provided on a temporary basis, usually for a fee. As such this type of consultant generally engages with multiple and changing clients.\nThe overall impact of a consultant is that clients have access to deeper levels of expertise than would be feasible for them to retain in-house, and may purchase only as much service from the outside consultant as desired.
/m/0bxjpy	New York Red Bulls is an American professional soccer team based in Harrison, New Jersey, representing the New York metropolitan area. The team competes in the Eastern Conference of Major League Soccer. It is one of the ten charter clubs of MLS, having competed in the league since its inception. The team was a founding member of MLS, but has gone through several name changes. The team was originally known as the New York/New Jersey MetroStars through 1997. From the 1998 season through the 2005 season, the team was known as the MetroStars. On March 9, 2006, the team was sold to Red Bull GmbH, leading to the team's current name. The Red Bulls are the current Supporters' Shield holders.\nThe Red Bulls were the last original MLS franchise to win any sort of significant trophy when they won the Supporters' Shield in 2013. The team's prior best result in an MLS season was reaching the MLS Cup final in 2008. In the US Open Cup, the MetroStars reached three semifinals, before reaching their first final in 2003, losing 1–0 to the Chicago Fire. On August 26, 2000, the Metros' Clint Mathis set an MLS record by scoring five goals in a game against the Dallas Burn.
/m/01vng3b	Joshua Michael Homme III is an American rock musician, multi-instrumentalist and record producer. He is the founding and only continuous member of the rock band Queens of the Stone Age, in which he sings, plays guitar and occasionally piano, and serves as the band's primary songwriter. He also was the guitarist and a former member of the stoner rock band Kyuss. He co-founded and occasionally performs with Eagles of Death Metal while playing drums for studio recordings, and continues to produce and release a musical improv series with other musicians, mostly from the Palm Desert Scene, known as The Desert Sessions. In 2009, he appeared in a new project called Them Crooked Vultures with Dave Grohl and John Paul Jones. Them Crooked Vultures released their debut album in 2009.
/m/02kbtf	Hamilton College is a private liberal arts college in Clinton, New York, United States. Founded as a boys' school in 1793, it was chartered as Hamilton College in 1812. It has been coeducational since 1978, when it merged with its sister school of Kirkland College. Hamilton is sometimes referred to as the \"College on the Hill.\" One of the \"Little Ivies,\" Hamilton was ranked 14th among National Liberal Arts Colleges in the 2014 U.S. News and World Report.
/m/0dj5q	Charles André Joseph Marie de Gaulle was a French general and statesman who led the Free French Forces during World War II. He later founded the French Fifth Republic in 1958 and served as its first president from 1959 to 1969.\nDe Gaulle came to the fore in the interwar army as a proponent of mobile armoured divisions. During World War II, he attained the rank of brigadier general. De Gaulle led the Free French Forces and a government in exile against France's pro-German Vichy government while he was in London and Africa, gained control of most French colonies, and participated in the liberation of Paris. Despite his initial defeat, de Gaulle insisted that France be treated as a great power by the other Allies. His promotion of French national interests led to confrontations with Winston Churchill and Franklin D. Roosevelt, due to their initial unwillingness to inform him of the D-Day landings in June 1944.\nDe Gaulle secured a permanent seat on the United Nations Security Council for France in 1945. After the war ended, de Gaulle became prime minister in the French Provisional Government, resigning in 1946 because of political conflicts. He founded his own political party, the Rally of the French People—Rassemblement du Peuple Francais, —in 1947. When the Algerian war crisis was ripping apart the Fourth Republic, the Assembly brought him back to power as President of the Council of Ministers during the May 1958 crisis. De Gaulle led the writing of a new constitution founding the Fifth Republic, and was elected President of France. Gaullism, de Gaulle's foreign policy strategy as president, asserted that France is a major power and should not rely on other countries, such as the United States, for its national security and prosperity. Often criticized for his \"Politics of Grandeur\", de Gaulle oversaw the development of French atomic weapons and promoted a foreign policy independent of \"Anglo Saxon\" influences. He withdrew France from NATO military command—although remaining a member of the Western alliance—and twice vetoed Britain's entry into the European Community. In May 1968, he appeared likely to lose power amidst widespread protests by students and workers, but survived the crisis with an increased majority in the Assembly. However, de Gaulle resigned in 1969 after losing a referendum in which he proposed more decentralization.
/m/03_dj	Jonathan Swift was an Anglo-Irish satirist, essayist, political pamphleteer, poet and cleric who became Dean of St Patrick's Cathedral, Dublin.\nHe is remembered for works such as Gulliver's Travels, A Modest Proposal, A Journal to Stella, Drapier's Letters, The Battle of the Books, An Argument Against Abolishing Christianity, and A Tale of a Tub. Swift is regarded by the Encyclopædia Britannica as the foremost prose satirist in the English language, and is less well known for his poetry. Swift originally published all of his works under pseudonyms – such as Lemuel Gulliver, Isaac Bickerstaff, MB Drapier – or anonymously. He is also known for being a master of two styles of satire: the Horatian and Juvenalian styles.
/m/0fw2d3	Didier Six is a former French international footballer. He played as a winger and he earned 52 caps and scored 13 goals for the France national football team. He played in the 1978 FIFA World Cup and the 1982 FIFA World Cup, and was also part of the winning team at Euro 84. He also acquired Turkish citizenship in order to play as a neutral player at Galatasaray. He played with his Turkish citizenship at Galatasaray as Dündar Siz and won Turkish First League championship with Galatasaray in 1987–88 season. Six was signed by the Fédération Togolaise de Football as coach for the Togo national football team in November 2011.
/m/023cjg	J.R.R. Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings is a 1978 American animated fantasy film directed by Ralph Bakshi. It uses a hybrid of traditional cel animation and rotoscoped live action footage. It is an adaptation of the first half of the high fantasy epic The Lord of the Rings by English novelist J. R. R. Tolkien. Set in Middle-earth, the film follows a group of hobbits, elves, men, dwarves, and wizards who form a fellowship. They embark on a quest to destroy the One Ring made by the Dark Lord Sauron, and ensure his destruction. The film features the voices of William Squire, John Hurt, Michael Graham Cox, and Anthony Daniels of Star Wars fame, and was one of the first animated films to be presented theatrically in the Dolby Stereo sound system. The screenplay was written by Peter S. Beagle, based on an earlier draft by Chris Conkling.\nDirector Ralph Bakshi encountered Tolkien's writing early in his career, and had made several attempts to produce The Lord of the Rings as an animated film before being given funding by producer Saul Zaentz and distributor United Artists. The film is notable for its extensive use of rotoscoping, a technique in which scenes are first shot in live-action, then traced onto animation cels. Although the film was a financial success, it received a mixed reaction from critics and there was no official sequel to cover the remainder of the story. Nonetheless, the film was an influence on Peter Jackson, who details his debt in the 'extras' of the DVD to The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring.
/m/054krc	The Golden Globe Award for Best Original Score is one of several categories presented by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association, an organization of journalists who cover the United States film industry, but are affiliated with publications outside North America, since its institution in 1947. Since the 5th Golden Globe Awards, the award is presented annually, except from 1953 to 1958. The nominations from 1947 and 1948 are not available. The first Golden Globe Award for Best Original Score went to Max Steiner for his compositional work on Life with Father.\nJohn Williams is the artist with the most nominations; those resulted in 4 wins. Dimitri Tiomkin had the same number of wins, but out of only 5 nominations. Other notable achievers include Maurice Jarre and Alan Menken. Artists like Jerry Goldsmith and Michel Legrand were nominated several times, but never received the award. Additionally, Dimitri Tiomkin received Special Achievement Awards for his services to film music in 1955 and 1957, as did Hugo Friedhofer in 1958. The most recent recipient of this award was Alex Ebert for the film All Is Lost, his first Golden Globe.
/m/05nlzq	A Pup Named Scooby-Doo is the eighth incarnation of the Hanna-Barbera Saturday morning cartoon Scooby-Doo. This spin-off of the original show was created by Tom Ruegger and premiered on September 10, 1988 and ran for three seasons on ABC and on The Funtastic World of Hanna-Barbera as a half-hour program, until August 17, 1991. Following the show's first season, much of Hanna-Barbera's production staff, including Tom Ruegger, left the studio and helped to revive the Warner Bros. Animation studio, beginning with Tiny Toon Adventures.\nThis was notable for being the last series to star Don Messick as the voice of Scooby-Doo, and one of the few animated series in which someone other than Frank Welker voiced the character of Fred Jones. Messick and Casey Kasem were the only two voice actors from other Scooby-Doo series to reprise their roles in this version, and both received starring credits for their work.
/m/0h0vk	Contemporary art is art produced at the present period in time. Contemporary art includes, and develops from, Postmodern art, which is itself a successor to Modern art. In vernacular English, \"modern\" and \"contemporary\" are synonyms, resulting in some conflation of the terms \"modern art\" and \"contemporary art\" by non-specialists.
/m/01wbsdz	Shad Gregory Moss, better known by his stage name Bow Wow, is an American rapper, actor and television host. As Lil' Bow Wow, he released his first album, Beware of Dog in 2000 at age 13, which was followed by Doggy Bag 2001. In 2003, Bow Wow released his third album Unleashed, which was the first album released without using Lil' in his name.\nBow Wow made his first movie appearance in All About the Benjamins, in 2002 as a cameo. In the same year, Bow Wow made his debut as the lead role in Like Mike. He later began to undertake lead roles in movies, such as Johnson Family Vacation in 2004 and Roll Bounce in 2005. He also played a supporting role in the film The Fast and the Furious: Tokyo Drift in 2006. Bow Wow also appeared in five episodes of the television series Entourage. He is currently the new host of BET’s 106 & Park & is working on his new album entitled Underrated.
/m/034h1h	The Association of American Universities is an international organization of leading research universities devoted to maintaining a strong system of academic research and education. It consists of 60 universities in the United States and two universities in Canada.
/m/0mj1l	Deborah \"Debi\" Mazar is an American actress, known for her Jersey Girl-type roles; as sharp-tongued women in independent films; and for her recurring role as press agent Shauna Roberts on the HBO series Entourage.
/m/0fc_p	Onondaga County is a county located in the U.S. state of New York. As of the 2010 census, the population was 467,026. The county seat is Syracuse.\nOnondaga County is part of the Syracuse, NY Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/0b_6mr	The 1985 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament involved 64 schools playing in single-elimination play to determine the national champion of men's NCAA Division I college basketball. This was the first year the field was expanded to 64 teams, from 53 in the previous year's tournament. It began on March 14, 1985, and ended with the championship game on April 1 in Lexington, Kentucky. A total of 63 games were played.\nEight-seed Villanova, coached by Rollie Massimino, won the national title with a 66–64 victory in the final game over Georgetown, coached by John Thompson. Ed Pinckney of Villanova was named the tournament's Most Outstanding Player. The game is often cited among the greatest upsets in college basketball history. This Villanova team remains the lowest-seeded team to win the tournament. The game is also notable as the last played without a shot clock.\nThis year's Final Four saw an unprecedented and unmatched three teams from the same conference, with Big East members Villanova and Georgetown joined by St. John's. The only \"interloper\" in the Big East party was Memphis State, then of the Metro Conference.
/m/081g_l	Avex Trax is a record label owned by Japanese entertainment conglomerate Avex Group. The label was launched in September 1990, and was the first label by the Group.
/m/04bdqk	Lesley Ann Warren is an American actress and singer. She has been nominated once for an Academy Award and Emmy Award and five times for Golden Globe Award, winning one. She is known for her roles in films such as The Happiest Millionaire, Victor Victoria, Clue, Burglar, Cop, Color of Night and Secretary. She has also had roles in popular TV shows such as Mission: Impossible, Desperate Housewives, Will & Grace, and In Plain Sight.
/m/07sgdw	Oscar is a 1991 American comedy film directed by John Landis. Based on the Claude Magnier stage play, it is a remake of the 1967 French film of the same name, but the settings has been moved to the Depression era New York City and centers around a mob boss trying to go straight. The film stars Sylvester Stallone, Marisa Tomei, Ornella Muti, Tim Curry, and Chazz Palminteri and was a rare attempt by Stallone at doing a comedy role.
/m/0k269	Ewan Gordon McGregor, OBE is a Scottish actor who has had success in mainstream, indie, and art house films. He is perhaps best known for his roles as heroin addict Mark Renton in the drama Trainspotting, Jedi Obi-Wan Kenobi in the Star Wars prequel trilogy, poet Christian in the musical film Moulin Rouge!, and storyteller Edward Bloom in Tim Burton's Big Fish. He has also received critical acclaim for his starring roles in theatre productions of Guys and Dolls and Othello. McGregor was ranked No. 36 on Empire magazine's \"The Top 100 Movie Stars of All Time\" list in 1997.
/m/0mpdw	Albemarle County is a county located in the Commonwealth of Virginia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 98,970. Its county seat is Charlottesville, which is an independent city enclave entirely surrounded by the county.\nAlbemarle County is part of the Charlottesville Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/02t901	Robert Barton Englund is an American actor, voice-actor, singer, and director, best known for playing the fictional serial killer Freddy Krueger, in the Nightmare on Elm Street film series. He received a Saturn Award nomination for Best Supporting Actor for A Nightmare on Elm Street 3: Dream Warriors in 1987 and A Nightmare on Elm Street 4: The Dream Master in 1988. Englund is a classically trained actor.
/m/08gyz_	Irene Lentz, also known as Irene, was an American costume designer. Her work as a clothing designer in Los Angeles led to her career as a costume designer for films in the 1930s. Lentz also worked under the name Irene Gibbons.
/m/01n3bm	Liver tumors or hepatic tumors are tumors or growths on or in the liver. Several distinct types of tumors can develop in the liver because the liver is made up of various cell types. These growths can be benign or malignant. They may be discovered on medical imaging, or may be present in patients as an abdominal mass, hepatomegaly, abdominal pain, jaundice, or some other liver dysfunction.
/m/02fj8n	Blade II is a 2002 American vampire superhero action film based on the fictional Marvel Comics character Blade. It is the sequel of the first film and the second part of the Blade film series, followed by Blade: Trinity. It was written by David S. Goyer, who also wrote the previous film. Guillermo del Toro was signed in to direct, and Wesley Snipes returned as the lead character and producer.\nThe film follows the dhampir Blade in his continuing effort to protect humans from vampires.
/m/028p0	Durante degli Alighieri, simply referred to as Dante, was a major Italian poet of the Middle Ages. His Divine Comedy, originally called Comedìa and later called Divina by Boccaccio, is widely considered the greatest literary work composed in the Italian language and a masterpiece of world literature.\nIn Italy he is known as il Sommo Poeta or just il Poeta. He, Petrarch and Boccaccio are also known as \"the three fountains\" or \"the three crowns\". Dante is also called \"the Father of the Italian language\".
/m/03v1jf	January Kristen Jones is an American actress and model. She has played Betty Draper on the television series Mad Men since 2007, and is known for her roles as Cadence in American Wedding, Elizabeth Harris in Unknown, and Emma Frost in X-Men: First Class.
/m/03qlv7	The tenor saxophone is a medium-sized member of the saxophone family, a group of instruments invented by Adolphe Sax in the 1840s. The tenor is one of the two most common types of saxophones, along with the alto. The tenor is pitched in the key of B♭, and written as a transposing instrument in the treble clef, sounding an octave and a major second lower than the written pitch. Modern tenor saxophones which have a high F# key have a range from A♭2 to E5 and are therefore pitched one octave below the soprano saxophone. People who play the tenor saxophone are known as \"tenor saxophonists\" or \"tenor sax players\".\nThe tenor saxophone uses a larger mouthpiece, reed, and ligature than the alto and soprano saxophones. Visually, it is easily distinguished by the bend in its neck, or its crook, near the mouthpiece.\nThe tenor saxophone is used in many different types of ensembles, including concert bands, chamber ensembles, big band jazz ensembles, small jazz ensembles, and marching bands. It is occasionally included in pieces written for symphony orchestra; three examples of this are Ravel's Boléro, Prokofiev's suite from Lieutenant Kijé,and Webern's Quartet for violin, clarinet, tenor saxophone, and piano. In concert bands, the tenor plays mostly a supporting role, sometimes sharing parts with the euphonium, horn and trombone. In jazz ensembles, the tenor plays a more prominent role, often sharing parts or harmonies with the alto saxophone.
/m/04h6mm	Andrew Stevens is an American executive, film producer, director and actor.
/m/0r0m6	Malibu is an affluent beach city in Los Angeles County, California, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 12,645. Malibu consists of a 21-mile strip of prime Pacific coastline. Nicknamed \"the 'Bu\" by surfers and locals, the community is famous for its warm, sandy beaches, and for being the home of many Hollywood movie stars and others associated with the entertainment industry. Signs around the city proclaim \"27 miles of scenic beauty\", referring to Malibu's original length of 27 miles before the city was incorporated in 1991.\nMost Malibu residents live within a few hundred yards of Pacific Coast Highway, which traverses the city, with some residents living up to a mile away from the beach up narrow canyons, and many more residents of the unincorporated canyon areas identifying Malibu as their hometown. The city is also bounded by Topanga Canyon to the east, the Santa Monica Mountains consisting of Agoura Hills, Calabasas, and Woodland Hills to the north, the Pacific Ocean to the south, and Ventura County to the west.\nMalibu's beaches include Surfrider Beach, Zuma Beach, Malibu Beach, Topanga Beach, Point Dume Beach and Dan Blocker Beach; its local parks include Malibu Bluffs Park, Trancas Canyon Park, Las Flores Creek Park, and Legacy Park, with neighboring parks Malibu Creek State Park, Leo Carrillo State Beach and Park, Point Mugu State Park, and the Santa Monica Mountains National Recreation Area, and neighboring state beach Robert H. Meyer Memorial State Beach, that was once part of Old Malibu, and better known as pristine beaches, El Pescador, La Piedra and El Matador.
/m/01nrnm	The Royal College of Art is a public research university specialising in art and design located in London, United Kingdom. It is a wholly postgraduate institution offering Master of Arts, Master of Philosophy and Doctor of Philosophy. It was founded in 1837 and has had university status since 1967.
/m/09qrn4	The Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Comedy Series is an Emmy presented to the best performance by a lead actor in a television comedy series.\nFrom the 18th Primetime Emmy Awards up until and including the 25th Primetime Emmy Awards, the category was called \"Outstanding Continued Performance by an Actor in a Leading Role in a Comedy Series.\" Prior to then, there was no category that recognized lead acting performances specifically in the comedy genre, and an award was given for \"Outstanding Continued Performance by an Actor in a Series,\" combining roles in dramatic and comedic series.
/m/01xdxy	Toy Story 2 is a 1999 American computer-animated comedy adventure film produced by Pixar Animation Studios. Directed by John Lasseter and co-directed by Lee Unkrich and Ash Brannon, it is the sequel to the 1995 film Toy Story.\nWoody is stolen by a toy collector, prompting Buzz Lightyear and his friends to vow to rescue him. However, Woody finds the idea of immortality in a museum tempting. Many of the original characters and voices from Toy Story returned for this sequel, and several new characters, including Jessie, Barbie, and Mrs. Potato Head, were introduced.\nDisney initially envisioned the film as a direct-to-video sequel. Toy Story 2 began production in a building separated from Pixar, on a small scale, as most of the main Pixar staff were busy working on A Bug's Life. When story reels proved promising, Disney upgraded the film to theatrical release, but Pixar was unhappy with the film's quality. Lasseter and the story team redeveloped the entire plot in one weekend. Although most Pixar features take years to develop, the established release date could not be moved and the production schedule for Toy Story 2 was compressed into nine months.
/m/029rk	David Hilbert was a German mathematician. He is recognized as one of the most influential and universal mathematicians of the 19th and early 20th centuries. Hilbert discovered and developed a broad range of fundamental ideas in many areas, including invariant theory and the axiomatization of geometry. He also formulated the theory of Hilbert spaces, one of the foundations of functional analysis.\nHilbert adopted and warmly defended Georg Cantor's set theory and transfinite numbers. A famous example of his leadership in mathematics is his 1900 presentation of a collection of problems that set the course for much of the mathematical research of the 20th century.\nHilbert and his students contributed significantly to establishing rigor and developed important tools used in modern mathematical physics. Hilbert is known as one of the founders of proof theory and mathematical logic, as well as for being among the first to distinguish between mathematics and metamathematics.
/m/05zpghd	The Invention of Lying is a 2009 fantasy romantic comedy film that was written and directed by Ricky Gervais and Matthew Robinson. This film is the directorial debut of Gervais and Robinson. The film stars Ricky Gervais as the first human with the ability to lie. The supporting cast features Jennifer Garner, Jonah Hill, Louis C.K., Rob Lowe and Tina Fey.
/m/03qnvdl	The Bourne Legacy is a 2012 action adventure mystery thriller film written by Tony Gilroy and Dan Gilroy,\tand directed by \nTony Gilroy.
/m/01z1r	Charlton Athletic Football Club is an English football club based in Charlton in the Royal Borough of Greenwich, London. They currently play in the Football League Championship.\nThe club was founded on 9 June 1905. A number of youth clubs in the south east London area, including East Street Mission and Blundell Mission, combined to form Charlton Athletic. The club play at The Valley in Charlton, where they have played since 1919, apart from one year in Catford, during 1923–24, and seven years at Crystal Palace and West Ham United between 1985 and 1992. Charlton share local South London derbies with rivals Millwall and Crystal Palace.\nThe club's traditional kit consists of red shirts, white shorts and red socks and their most commonly used nickname is The Addicks. Charlton turned professional in 1920 and first entered the Football League in 1921. Since then they have had four separate periods in the top flight of English football: 1936–1957, 1986–1990, 1998–1999 and 2000–2007. Historically, Charlton's most successful period was the 1930s, when the club's highest league finishes were recorded, including runners-up of the First Division in 1937. After World War II, the club reached the FA Cup Final twice, losing in 1946 and winning in 1947.
/m/01p896	Binghamton University, or Binghamton University, State University of New York, commonly referred to as BU, is a public research university in the U.S. state of New York. The university is one of the four university centers in the State University of New York system. Since its establishment in 1946, the university has grown from a small liberal arts college, Harpur College, to a large doctoral-granting institution, presently consisting of six colleges and schools, and is now home to more than 16,000 undergraduate and graduate students. The legal and official name of the university is the State University of New York at Binghamton.\nBinghamton University is currently ranked 97th among the 281 national universities ranked in the 2014 U.S. News America's Best Colleges and Universities ranking and has been called a \"Public Ivy\". The Carnegie Foundation has classified the university as RU/H. Binghamton University is famous for the quality of education given the affordable price. For many years, the university has been ranked top 10 best value public colleges. In 2013 President Barack Obama held a town hall meeting and delivered a speech on affordable college education in Binghamton University.
/m/063y_ky	This is a following list of the MTV Movie Award winners and nominees for Best Breakthrough Performance. In many years, the awards were split into Male and Female categories. In 2011, it was renamed Best Breakout Star. In 2012, it was later renamed Best Breakthrough Performance but was turned into a non-voting category, where an academy of outstanding directors honors a silver screen newcomer with extraordinary talent.
/m/0163kf	Gladys Maria Knight, known as the \"Empress of Soul\", is an American recording artist, songwriter, businesswoman, humanitarian and author. A seven-time Grammy Award-winner, she is best known for the hits she recorded during the 1960s and 1970s, for both the Motown and Buddah Records labels, with her group Gladys Knight & the Pips, the most famous incarnation of which also included her brother Merald \"Bubba\" Knight and her cousins Edward Patten and William Guest.
/m/0fr_v	Paramaribo is the capital and largest city of Suriname, located on banks of the Suriname River in the Paramaribo District. Paramaribo has a population of roughly 250,000 people, more than half of Suriname's population. The historic inner city of Paramaribo has been a UNESCO World Heritage Site since 2002.
/m/0bhvtc	Gerald Calvin \"Jerry\" Douglas is an American resonator guitar and lap steel player and record producer.
/m/01z1c	Columbia is a city in and the county seat of Boone County, Missouri, United States; it is the fifth-largest city in Missouri and the largest city in Mid-Missouri. With a population of 113,225 as of the 2012 estimate according to the United States Census, it is the principal municipality of the Columbia Metropolitan Area, a region of 175,831 residents. The city serves as the location of the University of Missouri. The college town has a reputation as politically liberal, and it is known by the nicknames \"The Athens of Missouri,\" and \"CoMO.\" Over half of Columbians possess a bachelor's degree, and over a quarter hold graduate degrees, making it the thirteenth most highly educated municipality in the United States.\nThe area that became Columbia was once inhabited by successive mound-building cultures of Native Americans. In 1818, a group of settlers incorporated under the Smithton Land Company purchased over 2,000 acres and established the village of Smithton near present-day downtown Columbia. In 1821, the settlers moved and renamed the settlement Columbia—a poetic name for the United States. The founding of the University of Missouri in 1839 established the city as a center of education and research. Two other institutions of higher education, Stephens College in 1833 and Columbia College in 1851, were also established within the city.
/m/06lpmt	Deconstructing Harry is a comedy film written and directed by Woody Allen and released in 1997. This film tells the story of a successful writer named Harry Block, played by Allen, who draws inspiration from people he knows in real life, and from events that happened to him, sometimes causing these people to become alienated from him as a result.\nThe central plot features Block driving to a university from which he was once thrown out, in order to receive an honorary degree. Three passengers accompany him on the journey: a prostitute, a friend, and his son, whom he has kidnapped from his ex-wife. However, there are many flashbacks, segments taken from Block's writing, and interactions with his own fictional characters.
/m/019fv4	Halle or Halle an der Saale is a city in the southern part of the German state Saxony-Anhalt. Halle is a very important economy and education-center in east Germany. The University of Halle-Wittenberg is the biggest university in Saxony-Anhalt and one of the oldest Universities in Germany.
/m/01fwpt	Joan Mary Cusack is an American actress. She received Academy Award nominations for Best Supporting Actress for her roles in the films Working Girl and In & Out, as well as one Golden Globe nomination. She has appeared in other films such as Addams Family Values, Broadcast News, Stars and Bars, Married to the Mob, Say Anything..., Arlington Road, Runaway Bride, School of Rock, Toy Story 2, and Toy Story 3.\nCusack was a cast member on the sketch comedy show Saturday Night Live from 1985 to 1986. Cusack currently stars on the Showtime hit drama/comedy Shameless, as Sheila Jackson for which she has received three Emmy Award nominations.
/m/0bxtyq	Bruce Broughton is an American film, video game, and television soundtrack composer who has composed several highly acclaimed soundtracks over his extensive career, including American music classics such as Homeward Bound: The Incredible Journey and its sequel, Lost in San Francisco, Harry and the Hendersons, Silverado, Tombstone, Miracle on 34th Street, The Boy Who Could Fly, The Rescuers Down Under and as well as the video game Heart of Darkness, and the animated TV series, Tiny Toon Adventures. Silverado earned him an Academy Award nomination, though he lost the Oscar to Out of Africa. He has won nearly a dozen Emmy awards.\nBroughton is a member of the Board of Directors of ASCAP, a Governor of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, a Past President of the Society of Composers & Lyricists, a former Governor of the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences, and is a lecturer at UCLA and USC.
/m/03hr1p	Road Cycling is the most widespread form of cycling. It includes recreational, racing, and utility cycling. Road cyclists are generally expected to obey the same rules and laws as other vehicle drivers or riders and may also be vehicular cyclists.\nRoad cycling, which may also be referred to as road biking, bicycling or simply biking is an activity most commonly performed on a bicycle. There are many types of bicycles that are used on the roads including: BMX, recumbents, racing, touring and utility bicycles.\nDedicated road bicycles have drop handlebars and multiple gears, although there are single and fixed gear varieties. Road bikes also use narrow, high-pressure tires to decrease rolling resistance, and tend to be somewhat lighter than other types of bicycle. The light weight and aerodynamics of a road bike allows this type of bicycle to be the most efficient self-powered means of transportation a person can use to get from one place to another. The drop handlebars are often positioned lower than the saddle in order to put the rider in a more aerodynamic position.\nMountain bikes fitted with slick or semi-slick are also popular for commuters. Though less efficient, the upright riding position allows the cyclist a better view of traffic, and they can also be readily fitted with mudguards, cargo racks and other accessories.
/m/03x9yr	Beggars Banquet is an English independent record label that began as a chain of record shops owned by Martin Mills and Nick Austin, and is part of the Beggars Group of labels. In 1977, spurred by the prevailing DIY aesthetics of the British punk rock movement, they decided to join the fray as an independent label and release records under the Beggars Banquet imprint. The first band on the label was English punk group The Lurkers; the first ever release on the label was The Lurkers' punk classic Shadow/Love Story 7\" single. Later in the decade and into the early 1980s, hits with Tubeway Army and Gary Numan secured the label's future. They have since released music by Biffy Clyro, Buffalo Tom, The Charlatans, The Cult, The Go-Betweens, The National and Tindersticks. In 2008, Beggars Banquet became a catalog label only, closed to new signings. Artists that remained on their roster were shifted over to affiliate label, 4AD.\nThe label became the start point for what is now The Beggars Group, an umbrella group of iconic indie record labels. It is the largest and most influential independent group of labels in Europe and 4AD, Matador Records, Rough Trade Records and XL Recordings are the four main labels that now form the group. The group is managed by Martin Mills, Managing Director Paul Redding and non-executive Andy Heath Their main offices are in the UK with a large satellite office in New York City. The labels are distributed by Alternative Distribution Alliance in the United States.
/m/03yl2t	The Cameroon national football team, nicknamed in French Les Lions Indomptables, is the national team of Cameroon. It is controlled by the Fédération Camerounaise de Football and has qualified seven times for the FIFA World Cup, more than any other African team. However, the team has only made it once out of the group stage. They were the first African team to reach the quarter-final of the World Cup, in 1990, losing to England in extra time. They have also won four Africa Cup of Nations titles.
/m/0ghtf	Dubuque is a city in and the county seat of Dubuque County, Iowa, United States, located along the Mississippi River. In 2012 its population was 58,155, making it the tenth-largest city in the state and the county's population was 93,653.\nThe city lies at the junction of three states: Iowa, Illinois, and Wisconsin, a region locally known as the Tri-State Area. It serves as the main commercial, industrial, educational, and cultural center for the area. Geographically, it is part of the Driftless Area, a portion of North America that escaped all three phases of the Wisconsinian Glaciation.\nOne of the few large cities in Iowa with hills, it is a major tourist destination, attracted to the city's unique architecture and river location. Also, it is home to five institutions of higher education, making it a center for culture and learning.\nWhile Dubuque has long been a center of manufacturing, the economy has recently had rapid growth and diversification in other areas. In 2005, the city led the state and the Midwest in job growth, ranking as the 22nd fastest-growing economy nationally. Today, alongside industry, the city has large health care, education, tourism, publishing, and financial service sectors.
/m/0fr_b	Panama city is the capital and largest city of the Republic of Panama. It has a population of 880,691, with a total metro population of 1,272,672, and is located at the Pacific entrance of the Panama Canal, in the province of Panama. The city is the political and administrative center of the country, as well as a hub for international banking and commerce. It is considered a \"beta-\" world city, one of three Central American cities listed in this category.\nThe city of Panama has an average GDP per capita of $15,300. It has a dense skyline of mostly high-rise buildings, and it is surrounded by a large belt of tropical rainforest. Panama's Tocumen International Airport, the largest and busiest airport in Central America, offers daily flights to major international destinations. Panama was chosen as the 2003 American Capital of Culture jointly with Curitiba, Brazil. It is among the top five places for retirement in the world, according to International Living magazine.\nThe city of Panama was founded on August 15, 1519, by Spanish conquistador Pedro Arias Dávila. The city was the starting point for expeditions that conquered the Inca Empire in Peru. It was a stopover point on one of the most important trade routes in the history of the American continent, leading to the fairs of Nombre de Dios and Portobelo City, through which passed most of the gold and silver that Spain took from the Americas.
/m/013rds	David Nesta \"Ziggy\" Marley is a Jamaican musician and leader of the band, Ziggy Marley and the Melody Makers. He is the oldest son of reggae legend Bob Marley.
/m/0kh3	The motor neuron diseases are a group of neurological disorders that selectively affect motor neurons, the cells that control voluntary muscle activity including speaking, walking, swallowing, and general movement of the body. They are generally progressive in nature, and cause increasingly debilitating disability and, eventually, death.
/m/06_bq1	Blake Ellender Lively is an American actress, model and celebrity homemaker. She starred as Serena van der Woodsen in the television teen drama series Gossip Girl, and has appeared in such films as The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants, The Private Lives of Pippa Lee, The Town, Green Lantern, Accepted and Savages. Following her 2012 marriage to actor Ryan Reynolds, the couple relocated to Bedford, a suburb in Westchester County, New York. Citing Martha Stewart and Nigella Lawson as inspirations, Lively has filmed cookery demonstrations for Vogue's website, and has forged creative partnerships with Sprinkles bakeries and La Cornue ovens.
/m/03ktjq	Joel Silver is an American film producer, known for action films like Lethal Weapon and Die Hard. He is owner of Silver Pictures and co-founder of Dark Castle Entertainment.
/m/07m77x	Jane Marie Lynch is an American actress, singer, and comedian. She gained fame in Christopher Guest's improv mockumentary pictures such as Best in Show. Notable awards she has won for her portrayal of Sue Sylvester in Glee include the Primetime Emmy Award, Golden Globe Award, Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Comedy Series, TCA Award for Individual Achievement in Comedy, Satellite Award for Best Supporting Actress – Series, Miniseries, or Television Film, and the People's Choice Award for Favorite TV Comedy Actress.\nLynch's television cameos include an appearance in the Nickelodeon situation comedy iCarly and the Showtime dark comedy series Weeds. Lynch had a recurring role in the Warner Bros. situation comedy Two and a Half Men and also has had notable roles in numerous mainstream comedies, such as Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby, The 40-Year-Old Virgin, Role Models, and The Three Stooges.\nOn September 4, 2013, Lynch received the 2,505 star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in the category of television located at 6640 Hollywood Blvd.
/m/023r2x	The bass clarinet is a musical instrument of the clarinet family. Like the more common soprano B♭ clarinet, it is usually pitched in B♭, but it plays notes an octave below the soprano B♭ clarinet. Bass clarinets in other keys, notably C and A, also exist, but are very rare. Bass clarinets regularly perform in orchestras, wind ensembles/concert bands, occasionally in marching bands, and play an occasional solo role in contemporary music and jazz in particular.\nSomeone who plays a bass clarinet is called a bass clarinetist.
/m/02ny6g	Demolition Man is a 1993 American science fiction action film directed by Marco Brambilla his directorial debut, and starring Sylvester Stallone and Wesley Snipes. The film was released in the United States on October 8, 1993.\nThe film tells the story of two men—one, an evil crime lord; the other, a risk-taking police officer—who are cryogenically frozen in the year 1996 and reawakened in 2032. Following a massive earthquake in 2010 that destroyed much of Los Angeles, it merged with San Diego to form a planned city called San Angeles in which all crime has seemingly been eliminated from mainstream society.\nSome aspects of the film allude to Aldous Huxley's dystopian novel, Brave New World.
/m/0n9r8	Hampstead, commonly known as Hampstead Village, is an area of London, England, 4 miles north-west of Charing Cross. Part of the London Borough of Camden in Inner London, it is known for its intellectual, liberal, artistic, musical and literary associations and for Hampstead Heath, a large, hilly expanse of parkland. It has some of the most expensive housing in the London area. The village of Hampstead has more millionaires within its boundaries than any other area of the United Kingdom. The corresponding ward is Hampstead Town.
/m/05hcy	Nassau is the capital, largest city, and commercial centre of the Commonwealth of the Bahamas. The city has a population of 248,948, 70 percent of the entire population of the Bahamas. Lynden Pindling International Airport, the major airport for the Bahamas, is located about 16 kilometres west of Nassau city centre, and has daily flights to major cities in the United States, the Caribbean, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The city is located on the island of New Providence, which functions much like a business district. Nassau is the site of the House of Assembly and various judicial departments and was considered historically to be a stronghold of pirates.\nNassau's modern growth began in the late eighteenth century, with the influx of thousands of American Loyalists and their slaves to the Bahamas following the American Revolutionary War. Many of them settled in Nassau and eventually came to outnumber the original inhabitants.\nAs the population of Nassau grew, so did its populated areas. Today the city dominates the entire island and its satellite, Paradise Island. However, until the post-Second World War era, the outer suburbs scarcely existed. Most of New Providence was uncultivated bush until Loyalists were resettled here following the American Revolutionary War; they established several plantations, such as Clifton and Tusculum. Slaves were imported as labour.
/m/04gqr	Libya, officially the State of Libya, is a country in the Maghreb region of North Africa bordered by the Mediterranean Sea to the north, Egypt to the east, Sudan to the southeast, Chad and Niger to the south, and Algeria and Tunisia to the west. The three traditional parts of the country are Tripolitania, Fezzan and Cyrenaica. With an area of almost 1.8 million square kilometres, Libya is the 17th largest country in the world.\nThe largest city and capital, Tripoli, is home to 1.7 million of Libya's 6.4 million people. In 2009 Libya had the highest HDI in Africa and the fifth highest GDP per capita in Africa, behind Equatorial Guinea, Seychelles, Gabon, and Botswana. Libya has the 10th-largest proven oil reserves of any country in the world and the 17th-highest petroleum production.\nA civil war and NATO-led military intervention in 2011 resulted in the ousting and death of the country's former leader, Muammar Gaddafi, and the collapse of his 42-year \"First of September 'Al Fateh' Revolution\" and 34-year-old Jamahiriya state. As a result, Libya is currently undergoing political reconstruction, and is governed under an interim constitution drawn up by the National Transitional Council. Elections to a General National Congress were held on 7 July 2012, and the NTC handed power to the newly elected assembly on 8 August. The assembly has the responsibility of forming a constituent assembly to draft a permanent constitution for Libya, which will then be put to a referendum.
/m/0ym20	New College is one of the constituent colleges of the University of Oxford in the United Kingdom. The full name of the college is The Warden and Scholars of St Mary's College of Winchester in Oxford. The College's official name, College of St Mary, is the same as that of the older Oriel College; hence, it has been referred to as the \"New College of St Mary\" and is now almost always called \"New College\".\nThe College currently ranks at the top of the Norrington Table, a table assessing the relative performance of Oxford's undergraduates by their performance in final examinations. Having been ranked third in the 2011-12 tables, maintaining its place from 2010 to 2011, New College jumped to 1st after the 2012-13 academic year. The College stands along Holywell Street and New College Lane, next to All Souls College, Harris Manchester College, Hertford College, The Queen's College and St Edmund Hall.\nThe College is one of the main choral foundations of the University of Oxford. The College Choir has recorded over one hundred albums, and has been awarded two Gramophone Awards.\nIn 2012 the College had an estimated financial endowment of £144m. In 2006 the College sold an area of land in Buckinghamshire that had previously been given to the college for £55m, and the subsequent extra endowment income was put towards academic development, salaries, and repair to buildings.
/m/017z49	Memento is a 2000 American neo-noir mystery-psychological thriller film written and directed by Christopher Nolan, adapted from his younger brother Jonathan Nolan's short story \"Memento Mori\".\nMemento is presented as two different sequences of scenes: a series in black-and-white that is shown chronologically, and a series of color sequences shown in reverse order. The two sequences \"meet\" at the end of the film, producing one common story. It stars Guy Pearce as Leonard Shelby, a man with anterograde amnesia, which impairs his ability to store new explicit memories, who has developed a system for recollection using hand-written notes, tattoos, and Polaroid photos. During the opening credits, which portray the end of the story, it is shown that Leonard kills Teddy. The film suggests that this killing is vengeance for the rape and murder of his wife based on information provided by Natalie.\nMemento premiered on September 5, 2000, at the Venice International Film Festival to critical acclaim and received a similar response when it was released in European theaters starting in October 2000. Critics especially praised its unique, nonlinear narrative structure and motifs of memory, perception, grief, self-deception, and revenge. The film was successful at the box office and received numerous accolades, including Academy Award nominations for Original Screenplay and Film Editing. The film subsequently was named as one of the best films of the 2000s decade by several media outlets, and has since appeared in several critics' best lists.
/m/0nhmw	Hennepin County is a county located in the U.S. state of Minnesota, named in honor of the 17th-century explorer Father Louis Hennepin. As of the 2010 census the population was 1,152,425. Its county seat is Minneapolis. It is by far the most populous county in Minnesota; more than one in five Minnesotans live in Hennepin County. The center of population of Minnesota is located in Hennepin County, in the city of Rogers.
/m/018fmr	Lana Turner was an American film and television actress.\nDiscovered and signed to a film contract by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer at the age of sixteen, Turner first attracted attention in They Won't Forget. She played featured roles, often as the ingenue, in such films as Love Finds Andy Hardy. During the early 1940s she established herself as a leading actress in such films as Johnny Eager, Honky Tonk, Ziegfeld Girl and Somewhere I'll Find You. She is known as one of the first Hollywood scream queens thanks to her role in the 1941 horror film Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, and her reputation as a glamorous femme fatale was enhanced by her performance in the film noir The Postman Always Rings Twice. Her popularity continued through the 1950s, in such films as The Bad and the Beautiful and Peyton Place, for which she was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actress.\nIn 1958, her daughter, Cheryl Crane, stabbed Turner's lover Johnny Stompanato to death. A coroner's inquest brought considerable media attention to Turner and concluded that Crane had acted in self-defense. Turner's next film, Imitation of Life, proved to be one of the greatest successes of her career, but from the early 1960s, her roles were fewer. Turner spent most of the 1970s and early 1980s in semi-retirement, only working occasionally. In 1982 she accepted a much publicized and lucrative recurring guest role in the television series Falcon Crest. Her first appearance on the show gave the series the highest rating it ever achieved. Turner made her final film appearance in 1991, and died from throat cancer in 1995, aged 74.
/m/04qvl7	Roger Alexander Deakins, C.B.E., A.S.C., B.S.C. is an English cinematographer best known for his work on the films of the Coen brothers and Sam Mendes. Deakins is a member of both the U.S. and British Society of Cinematographers. He received the 2011 American Society of Cinematographers Lifetime Achievement Award. Deakins has received eleven nominations for an Academy Award for Best Cinematography.
/m/01qklj	Jeffery Michael \"Jeff\" Gordon is an American professional stock car racing driver. He drives the No. 24 Chevrolet SS for Hendrick Motorsports in the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series.\nGordon started his racing career in the Busch Series with Hugh Connerty Racing, followed by Bill Davis Racing, winning three races, and joined Hendrick Motorsports in 1993. From 1995 to 2001, he has been a four-time Sprint Cup champion, and has won the Daytona 500 three times. He is third on the all-time Cup wins list, with 88 career wins, and has the most wins in NASCAR's modern era. Gordon's 74 pole positions lead all active drivers, and is third all-time; Gordon won at least one pole in 21 consecutive seasons, a NASCAR record. He is also the active iron man leader for consecutive races participated in with 725 as of the 2013 Ford EcoBoost 400. In 2009, Gordon became the first NASCAR driver to reach $100 million USD in career winnings.\nIn 1998, NASCAR named Gordon to its 50 Greatest Drivers list. Ten years later, in 2008, Terry Blount of ESPN ranked him tenth in the 25 greatest drivers of all-time. Fox Sports named Gordon as the fifth-best NASCAR driver of all time.
/m/011wtv	Minority Report is a 2002 American neo-noir science fiction thriller film directed by Steven Spielberg and loosely based on the short story of the same name by Philip K. Dick. It is set primarily in Washington, D.C., and Northern Virginia in the year 2054, where \"PreCrime\", a specialized police department, apprehends criminals based on foreknowledge provided by three psychics called \"precogs\". The cast includes Tom Cruise as PreCrime Captain John Anderton, Colin Farrell as Department of Justice agent Danny Witwer, Samantha Morton as the senior precog Agatha, and Max von Sydow as Anderton's superior Lamar Burgess. The film is a combination of whodunit, thriller and science fiction.\nSpielberg has characterized the story as \"fifty percent character and fifty percent very complicated storytelling with layers and layers of murder mystery and plot\". The film's central theme is the question of free will versus determinism. It examines whether free will can exist if the future is set and known in advance. Other themes include the role of preventive government in protecting its citizenry, the role of media in a future state where electronic advancements make its presence nearly boundless, the potential legality of an infallible prosecutor, and Spielberg's repeated theme of broken families.
/m/0mhlq	Seine-et-Marne is a French department, named after the Seine and Marne rivers, and located in the Île-de-France region.
/m/0ql36	George Clinton is an American singer, songwriter, bandleader, and music producer and the principal architect of P-Funk. He was the mastermind of the bands Parliament and Funkadelic during the 1970s and early 1980s, and launched a solo career in 1981. He has been cited as one of the foremost innovators of funk music, along with James Brown and Sly Stone. Clinton was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1997 with fifteen other members of Parliament-Funkadelic.
/m/0gg68	The Christian Democratic Union of Germany is a Christian democratic and liberal-conservative political party in Germany. It is the major catch-all party of the centre-right in German politics. Along with its Bavarian sister party the Christian Social Union in Bavaria, the CDU forms the CDU/CSU grouping, also known as the Union, in the Bundestag.\nThe leader of the party, Angela Merkel, is the current Chancellor of Germany. The CDU is a member of the European People's Party and sits in the EPP Group in the European Parliament. Internationally, the CDU is a member of the Centrist Democrat International and the International Democrat Union. The CDU is the second-largest political party in Germany by total membership.
/m/0n5xb	Rockingham County is a county located in the U.S. state of New Hampshire. As of the 2010 census, the population was 295,223. The county seat is Brentwood.
/m/059dn	The North Atlantic Treaty Organization, also called the Atlantic Alliance, is an intergovernmental military alliance based on the North Atlantic Treaty which was signed on 4 April 1949. The organization constitutes a system of collective defence whereby its member states agree to mutual defense in response to an attack by any external party. NATO's headquarters are in Brussels, Belgium, one of the 28 member states across North America and Europe, the newest of which, Albania and Croatia, joined in April 2009. An additional 22 countries participate in NATO's \"Partnership for Peace\", with 15 other countries involved in institutionalized dialogue programmes. The combined military spending of all NATO members constitutes over 70% of the world's defence spending.\nNATO was little more than a political association until the Korean War galvanized the organization's member states, and an integrated military structure was built up under the direction of two U.S. supreme commanders. The course of the Cold War led to a rivalry with nations of the Warsaw Pact, which formed in 1955. Doubts over the strength of the relationship between the European states and the United States ebbed and flowed, along with doubts over the credibility of the NATO defence against a prospective Soviet invasion—doubts that led to the development of the independent French nuclear deterrent and the withdrawal of the French from NATO's military structure in 1966. After the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989, the organization was drawn into the breakup of Yugoslavia, and conducted its first military interventions in Bosnia from 1992 to 1995 and later Yugoslavia in 1999. Politically, the organization sought better relations with former Warsaw Pact countries, several of which joined the alliance in 1999 and 2004.
/m/04ddm4	Jaws 3-D is a 1983 American horror thriller film directed by Joe Alves and starring Dennis Quaid, Bess Armstrong, Lea Thompson and Louis Gossett, Jr. It is the second sequel to Steven Spielberg's Jaws, which was based on the novel of Peter Benchley.\nAs SeaWorld, a Florida marine park with underwater tunnels and lagoons, prepares for opening, a young great white shark infiltrates the park from the sea, attacking and terrifying employees. Once the baby shark is captured, it becomes apparent that it was the mother, a much larger shark who also entered the park, who was the real killer.\nThe film is notable for making use of 3D film during the revived interest in the technology in the 1980s, amongst other horror films such as Friday the 13th Part III and Amityville 3D. Cinema audiences could wear disposable cardboard polarized 3D glasses to create the illusion that elements penetrate the screen. Several shots and sequences were designed to utilise the effect, such as the shark's destruction. Since 3D was ineffective in home viewing until the advent of 3D televisions in the late 2000s, the alternative title Jaws III is used for television broadcasts, VHS and DVD.
/m/04mcw4	Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull is a 2008 American science fiction adventure film. It is the fourth film in the Indiana Jones franchise, created by George Lucas and directed by Steven Spielberg. Released nineteen years after the previous film, the film acknowledges the age of its star Harrison Ford by being set in 1957. It pays tribute to the science fiction B-movies of the era, pitting Indiana Jones against Soviet agents—led by Irina Spalko — searching for a telepathic crystal skull. Indiana is aided by his former lover Marion Ravenwood and son Mutt Williams. Ray Winstone, John Hurt and Jim Broadbent are also part of the supporting cast.\nScreenwriters Jeb Stuart, Jeffrey Boam, Frank Darabont, and Jeff Nathanson wrote drafts before David Koepp's script satisfied the producers. Shooting began on June 18, 2007 and took place in various locations including New Mexico; New Haven, Connecticut; Hawaii; and Fresno, California, as well as on sound stages in Los Angeles, California. To keep aesthetic continuity with the previous films, the crew relied on traditional stunt work instead of computer-generated stunt doubles, and cinematographer Janusz Kamiński studied Douglas Slocombe's style from the previous films.
/m/01f39b	Alice in Wonderland is a two-part film adaptation of Lewis Carroll's Alice books. An Irwin Allen production, it was a special made for television and used a huge all-star cast of notable actors and actresses. The title role was played by Natalie Gregory, who wore a blonde wig for this miniseries. Alice in Wonderland was first telecast December 9, 1985, and December 10, 1985, at 8:00pm EST on CBS.\nIt was filmed in Los Angeles at the MGM Studios in Culver City over a 55-day period from March 12, 1985 to May 28 of that same year. Additional filming took place at Malibu Beach for the oysters scene, and establishing shots of Alice's house took place at the S. S. Hinds Estate, also in the Los Angeles area.
/m/0c1fs	David Herbert Lawrence was an English novelist, poet, playwright, essayist, literary critic and painter who published as D. H. Lawrence. His collected works represent an extended reflection upon the dehumanising effects of modernity and industrialisation. In them, Lawrence confronts issues relating to emotional health and vitality, spontaneity, and instinct.\nLawrence's opinions earned him many enemies and he endured official persecution, censorship, and misrepresentation of his creative work throughout the second half of his life, much of which he spent in a voluntary exile which he called his \"savage pilgrimage.\" At the time of his death, his public reputation was that of a pornographer who had wasted his considerable talents. E. M. Forster, in an obituary notice, challenged this widely held view, describing him as, \"The greatest imaginative novelist of our generation.\" Later, the influential Cambridge critic F. R. Leavis championed both his artistic integrity and his moral seriousness, placing much of Lawrence's fiction within the canonical \"great tradition\" of the English novel. Lawrence is now valued by many as a visionary thinker and significant representative of modernism in English literature.
/m/0r4qq	San Bernardino is a city located in the Riverside-San Bernardino metropolitan area. It serves as the county seat of San Bernardino County, California, United States. As one of the Inland Empire's anchor cities, San Bernardino spans 81 square miles on the floor of the San Bernardino Valley, and has a population of 209,924 as of the 2010 census. San Bernardino is the 17th largest city in California, and the 99th largest city in the United States.\nCalifornia State University, San Bernardino is located in the northeastern part of the city. The university also hosts the Coussoulis Arena. Other attractions in San Bernardino include ASU Fox Theatre, the McDonald's Museum, which is located on the original site of the world's first McDonald's, California Theatre, the San Bernardino Mountains, and San Manuel Amphitheater, the largest outdoor amphitheater in the United States. In addition, the city is home to the Inland Empire 66ers baseball team, they play their home games at San Manuel Stadium in downtown San Bernardino.\nIn July 2012, San Bernardino became the largest city to that date to choose to file for protection under Chapter 9 of the U.S. Bankruptcy code; this has been superseded by Detroit's filing in July 2013. San Bernardino's case was filed on August 1.
/m/09p4w8	A Time to Kill is a 1996 film adaptation of John Grisham's 1989 novel of the same name, directed by Joel Schumacher. Sandra Bullock, Samuel L. Jackson, Matthew McConaughey, and Kevin Spacey star, with Oliver Platt, Ashley Judd, Kiefer Sutherland, Donald Sutherland, and Patrick McGoohan appearing in supporting roles.\nSet in Clanton, Mississippi, the film involves the rape of a young girl, the arrest of the rapists, their subsequent murder by the girl's father, and the father's trial for murder. The film was a critical and commercial success, making nearly $110 million at the U.S. box office.
/m/03rz2b	Monsoon Wedding is a 2001 film directed by Mira Nair and written by Sabrina Dhawan, which depicts romantic entanglements during a traditional Punjabi Hindu wedding in Delhi.\nWriter Sabrina Dhawan wrote the first draft of the screenplay in a week while she was at Columbia University's MFA film program. Monsoon Wedding earned just above $30 million at the box office. Although it is set entirely in New Delhi, the film was an international co-production between companies in India, the United States, Italy, France, and Germany. The film won the Golden Lion award and received a Golden Globe Award nomination. A musical based on the film is currently in development and is scheduled to premiere on Broadway in April 2014.
/m/011yrp	Life Is Beautiful is a 1997 Italian comedy-drama film directed by and starring Roberto Benigni. Benigni plays Guido Orefice, a Jewish Italian book shop owner, who must employ his fertile imagination to shield his son from the horrors of internment in a Nazi concentration camp. Part of the film came from Benigni's own family history; before Roberto's birth, his father had survived three years of internment at the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp. The film was a critical and financial success, winning Benigni the Academy Award for Best Actor at the 71st Academy Awards as well as the Academy Award for Best Original Dramatic Score and the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.
/m/025h4z	Judd Hirsch is an American actor known for playing Alex Rieger on the television comedy series Taxi, John Lacey on the NBC series Dear John, and Alan Eppes on the CBS series Numb3rs. He is also well known for his roles in films such as Independence Day, A Beautiful Mind, and Ordinary People, for which he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor.
/m/01gtbb	The Twenty-third United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, consisting of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, D.C. from March 4, 1833 to March 4, 1835, during the fifth and sixth years of Andrew Jackson's presidency. The apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives was based on the Fifth Census of the United States in 1830. The Senate had an Anti-Jacksonian or National Republican majority, and the House had a Jacksonian or Democratic majority.
/m/08y2fn	Bleak House is a fifteen-part BBC television drama serial adaptation of Charles Dickens' novel Bleak House, which was originally published in 1852–53. Produced with an all-star cast, the serial was shown on BBC One from October to December 2005, and drew much critical and popular praise. It has been reported that the total cost of the production was in the region of £8 million.
/m/03k545	Emily Kathleen A. Mortimer is an English actress. She began performing on stage, and has since appeared in several film and television roles, including 30 Rock, Scream 3, Match Point, Lars and the Real Girl, Hugo, Cars 2, Shutter Island, Harry Brown, Our Idiot Brother, and The Newsroom.
/m/03b12	Gary is a city in Lake County, Indiana, United States, located in the southeastern portion of the Chicago metropolitan area. Gary is located approximately 25 miles from downtown Chicago, Illinois.\nThe population of Gary was 80,294 at the time of the 2010 census, making it the ninth-largest city in the state of Indiana. Gary's population has fallen by 55 percent from a peak of 178,320 in 1960.\nGary is located adjacent to the Indiana Dunes National Lakeshore and borders Lake Michigan. Many citizens and politicians have helped to preserve parts of the Indiana Dunes. The city is known for its large steel mills, and for being the birthplace of the The Jackson 5 music group.
/m/01gl9g	CNBC is an American basic cable and satellite business news television channel that is owned by the NBCUniversal News Group, a unit of the NBCUniversal Television Group division of NBCUniversal. The network and its international spinoffs cover business headlines and provide live coverage of financial markets. The combined reach of CNBC and its siblings is 390 million viewers around the world. In 2007, the network was ranked as the 19th most valuable cable channel in the United States, worth roughly $4 billion. It is headquartered in Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey.\nAs of August 2013, CNBC is available to approximately 96,242,000 pay television households in the United States.
/m/060s9	The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland is the head of Her Majesty's Government in the United Kingdom. The Prime Minister and Cabinet are collectively accountable for their policies and actions to the Monarch, to Parliament, to their political party and ultimately to the electorate. The current Prime Minister, David Cameron, leader of the Conservative Party, was appointed by the Queen on 11 May 2010.\nThe office is not established by any constitution or law but exists only by long-established convention, which stipulates that the monarch must appoint as prime minister the person most likely to command the confidence of the House of Commons; this individual is typically the leader of the political party or coalition of parties that holds the largest number of seats in that chamber. The position of Prime Minister was not created; it evolved slowly and erratically over three hundred years due to numerous acts of Parliament, political developments, and accidents of history. The office is therefore best understood from a historical perspective. The origins of the position are found in constitutional changes that occurred during the Revolutionary Settlement and the resulting shift of political power from the Sovereign to Parliament. Although the Sovereign was not stripped of the ancient prerogative powers and legally remained the head of government, politically it gradually became necessary for him or her to govern through a Prime Minister who could command a majority in Parliament.
/m/02cttt	University at Buffalo, The State University of New York, also commonly known as the University of Buffalo, University of Buffalo or SUNY Buffalo, is a public research university with multiple campuses located in Buffalo and Amherst, New York, United States. The university was founded in 1846 as a private college, but in 1962 was absorbed into the State University of New York system. By enrollment, UB is the largest of SUNY's four comprehensive university centers, and also the largest public university in the northeastern United States. In addition, by either endowment or research funding, UB is also the largest one of SUNY's four comprehensive flagship university centers.\nAs of 2012, the university enrolls 28,601 students in 13 separate colleges. The university houses the largest state-operated medical school and features the only state law school, architecture and urban planning school, and pharmacy school in the state of New York. The university offers over 100 bachelor's, 205 master's, 84 doctoral, and 10 professional areas of study.\nAccording to the Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education, the University at Buffalo is a Research University with Very High Research Activity. In 1989, UB was elected to the Association of American Universities, which represents 62 prestigious, leading research universities in the United States and Canada. UB's alumni and faculty have produced a U.S. President, a Prime Minister, astronauts, Nobel laureates, Pulitzer Prize winners, Academy Award winners, Emmy Award winners, Rhodes Scholars, and other notable individuals in their fields.
/m/03qjlz	Julius J. Epstein was an American screenwriter, who had a long career, best remembered for his screenplay, written with his twin brother, Philip, and others, of the film Casablanca, for which the writers won an Academy Award. It was adapted from an unpublished play, Everybody Comes to Rick's, written by Murray Bennett and Joan Alison.\nHis identical twin died in 1952, a loss Epstein felt for the rest of his life. He continued writing, receiving two more Oscar nominations. In 1998, he received a Los Angeles Film Critics Association career achievement award. His credits included Four Daughters, for which he received his first Oscar nomination, The Bride Came C.O.D., The Man Who Came to Dinner, Mr. Skeffington, The Tender Trap, Light in the Piazza, Send Me No Flowers, Pete 'n' Tillie, and Reuben, Reuben.
/m/0281rp	Studio City is a neighborhood in the city of Los Angeles, California, in the San Fernando Valley.
/m/0d10d	The largemouth bass is a freshwater gamefish in the sunfish family, a species of black bass native to North America. It is also known by a variety of regional names, such as the brown bass, widemouth bass, bigmouth bass, black bass, bucketmouth, Potter's fish, Florida bass, Florida largemouth, green bass, green trout, gilsdorf bass, linesides, Oswego bass, southern largemouth and northern largemouth. The largemouth bass is the state fish of Alabama, Georgia, Mississippi, Florida, and Tennessee.
/m/019dpj	In biological classification, subspecies is either a taxonomic rank subordinate to species, or a taxonomic unit in that rank. A subspecies cannot be recognized in isolation: a species will either be recognized as having no subspecies at all or two or more, never just one.\nUnder the International Code of Zoological Nomenclature, the subspecies is the only taxonomic rank below that of species that can receive a name. Under the International Code of Nomenclature for algae, fungi, and plants, other infraspecific ranks such as variety may be named. In bacteriology, there are recommendations but not strict requirements for recognizing other important infraspecific ranks.\nA taxonomist decides whether to recognize subspecies or not. A common way to decide is that organisms belonging to different subspecies of the same species are capable of interbreeding and producing fertile offspring, but they do not interbreed in nature due to geographic isolation or other factors. The differences between subspecies are usually less distinct than the differences between species.
/m/0btj0	Joseph Frank \"Buster\" Keaton was an American comic actor, filmmaker, producer and writer. He was best known for his silent films, in which his trademark was physical comedy with a consistently stoic, deadpan expression, earning him the nickname \"The Great Stone Face\".\nBuster Keaton was recognized as the seventh-greatest director by Entertainment Weekly. In 1999, the American Film Institute ranked Keaton the 21st-greatest male star. Critic Roger Ebert wrote of Keaton's \"extraordinary period from 1920 to 1929, [when] he worked without interruption on a series of films that make him, arguably, the greatest actor-director in the history of the movies.\" His career declined afterward with a dispiriting loss of his artistic independence when he was hired on to MGM which fueled a crippling alcoholism that ruined his family life. However, he recovered in the 1940s, remarried and revived his career to a degree as an honored comic performer for the rest of his life, earning an Academy Honorary Award in 1958.\nOrson Welles stated that Keaton's The General is \"the greatest comedy ever made, the greatest Civil War film ever made, and perhaps the greatest film ever made.\" A 2002 worldwide poll by Sight & Sound ranked Keaton's The General as the 15th best film of all time. Three other Keaton films received votes in the magazine's survey: Our Hospitality, Sherlock, Jr., and The Navigator.
/m/05j0w	The Nintendo Entertainment System is an 8-bit video game console that was developed and manufactured by Nintendo. It was initially released in Japan as the Family Computer on July 15, 1983, and was later released in North America during 1985, in Europe during 1986, and Australia in 1987. In South Korea, it was known as the Hyundai Comboy and was distributed by SK Hynix which then was known as Hyundai Electronics. It was succeeded by the Super Famicom/Super Nintendo Entertainment System.\nThe best-selling gaming console of its time, the NES helped revitalize the US video game industry following the video game crash of 1983. With the NES, Nintendo introduced a now-standard business model of licensing third-party developers, authorizing them to produce and distribute titles for Nintendo's platform.\nIn 2009, the Nintendo Entertainment System was named the single greatest video game console in history by IGN, out of a field of 25. 2010 marked the system's 25th anniversary in North America, which was officially celebrated by Nintendo of America's magazine Nintendo Power in November 2010's issue #260 with a special 26-page tribute section. Other video game publications also featured articles looking back at 25 years of the NES, and its impact in the video game console market.
/m/08qnnv	Indiana University is a multi-campus public university system in the state of Indiana, United States. Indiana University has a combined student body of more than 110,000 students, including approximately 43,000 students enrolled at the Indiana University Bloomington campus and approximately 31,000 students enrolled at the Indiana University – Purdue University Indianapolis campus.
/m/02mxbd	Sandy Powell OBE is a British costume designer who has been nominated ten times for the Academy Award . She won the Oscar in 1999 for the film Shakespeare in Love, in 2005 for The Aviator, and in 2010 for The Young Victoria. She has received nine BAFTA nominations, winning in 1999 for Velvet Goldmine and 2010 for The Young Victoria. She won numerous other awards in costume design for the latter film.\nShe went to Saint Martin's School of Art, London, before completing her degree, due to offers of work from, amongst others, Derek Jarman. Whilst at Central, the renowned theatre designer Pamela Howard, then first year tutor, told Powell that there was nothing that she could teach her.\nPowell is a cousin of the equally successful costume designer, Anthony Powell.\nShe was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire in the 2011 New Year Honours for services to the film industry.
/m/0ntxg	St. Clair County is the oldest county in the U.S. state of Illinois; its existence actually antedates the establishment of Illinois itself. In 1970, the U.S. Census Bureau placed the mean center of U.S. population in St. Clair County. According to the 2010 census, it had a population of 270,056, which is an increase of 5.5% from 256,082 in 2000. Its county seat is Belleville.\nSt. Clair County is part of the American Bottom or Metro-East area of the St. Louis Metropolitan Area.
/m/01p_ng	Newport County Association Football Club is a professional association football club based in the city of Newport, South Wales. The club participates in Football League Two, the fourth tier of the English football league system. Most recently reformed in 1989, the club is a continuation of the Newport County club which was founded in 1912 and was a founder member of the Football League's new Third Division in 1920.\nNewport County were Welsh Cup winners in 1980 and subsequently reached the quarter-finals of the UEFA Cup Winner's Cup in 1981. The club was relegated from the Football League in 1988 and went out of business in February 1989. The club reformed shortly afterwards and entered the English football league system at a much lower level. The club achieved promotion to the Conference Premier for the 2010–11 season, the same level they played at prior to the original club's bankruptcy in 1989. In 2013, Newport beat Wrexham FC in the Football League play-off final 2-0 to return to the Football League for the first time since 1988.
/m/0gg6s	The Social Democratic Party of Germany is a social-democratic political party in Germany. The party is one of the two major contemporary political parties in Germany, along with the conservative CDU/CSU, and is led by Sigmar Gabriel.\nThe SPD currently governs at the federal level in a grand coalition with the Christian Democratic Union and the Christian Social Union since December 2013 following the German Federal election of 2013. The party participates in thirteen state governments, of which nine are governed by SPD Minister-Presidents.\nThe SPD is a member party of the Party of European Socialists and the Socialist International, and was a founding member of the Progressive Alliance on 22 May 2013. The SPD is Germany's oldest extant political party, established in 1863, in the German Parliament. It was also one of the first Marxist-influenced parties in the world.
/m/0mhl6	Haute-Savoie is a department in the Rhône-Alpes region of eastern France, bordering both Switzerland and Italy. Its capital is Annecy. To the north is Lake Geneva and Switzerland; to the south and southeast are the Mont Blanc and Aravis mountain ranges. The French entrance to the Mont Blanc Tunnel to Italy is in Haute-Savoie. It is noted for winter sports; the first Winter Olympic Games were held at Chamonix in 1924.
/m/08s6r6	Art punk or avant punk refers to punk rock and post-punk music of an experimental bent, or with connections to art school, the art world, or the avant-garde.\nThe earliest bands to be described as \"art-punk\" were bands from the New York scene of the mid-1970s such as the New York Dolls, Television, and Patti Smith. Bands such as Wire, and The Ex, who have incorporated jazz, noise and ethnic music into their punk rock sound, took elements from the avant garde and were described as \"avant-punk\". Later bands such as Dog Faced Hermans followed a similar path. The No Wave scene of the late 1970s and early 1980s is seen as a branch of art punk, and was described by Martin Rev of Suicide as \"a valid avant-garde extension of rock\". Other bands described as \"art punk\" include Fugazi, and Goes Cube. Crass have also been described as art-punk due to their incorporation of other art forms into their performances.\nIn their book Art into Pop, Simon Frith and Howard Horne described the band managers of the 1970s punk bands as \"the most articulate theorists of the art punk movement\", with Bob Last of Fast Product identified as one of the first to apply art theory to marketing, and Tony Wilson's Factory Records described as \"applying the Bauhaus principle of the same 'look' for all the company's goods\". Anna Szemere traces the beginnings of the Hungarian art-punk subculture to 1978, when punk band The Spions performed three concerts which drew on conceptualist performance art and Antonin Artaud's \"theatre of cruelty\", with neo-avant garde/anarchist manifestos handed out to the audience. Wire's Colin Newman described art punk in 2006 as \"the drug of choice of a whole generation.\"
/m/027rn	The Dominican Republic is a nation on the island of Hispaniola, part of the Greater Antilles archipelago in the Caribbean region. The western three-eighths of the island is occupied by the nation of Haiti, making Hispaniola one of two Caribbean islands, along with Saint Martin, that are shared by two countries. Both by area and population, the Dominican Republic is the second largest Caribbean nation, with 48,445 square kilometres and an estimated 10 million people, one million of which live in the capital city, Santo Domingo.\nTaínos inhabited what is now the Dominican Republic since the 7th century. Christopher Columbus landed on the island in 1492, and it became the site of the first permanent European settlement in the Americas, namely Santo Domingo, the country's capital and Spain's first capital in the New World. After three centuries of Spanish rule, with French and Haitian interludes, the country became independent in 1821. The ruler, José Núñez de Cáceres, intended that the Dominican Republic be part of the nation of Gran Colombia, but he was quickly removed by the Haitian government and \"Dominican\" slave revolts. Victorious in the Dominican War of Independence in 1844, Dominicans experienced mostly internal strife over the next 72 years, and also a brief return to Spanish rule. The United States occupation of 1916–1924, and a subsequent calm and prosperous six-year period under Horacio Vásquez Lajara, were followed by the dictatorship of Rafael Leónidas Trujillo Molina until 1961. The civil war of 1965, the country's last, was ended by a U.S.-led intervention, and was followed by the authoritarian rule of Joaquín Balaguer, 1966–1978. Since then, the Dominican Republic has moved toward representative democracy, and has been led by Leonel Fernández for most of the time after 1996. Danilo Medina, the Dominican Republic's current president, succeeded Fernández in 2012, winning 51% of the electoral vote over his opponent ex-president Hipólito Mejía.
/m/080_y	Valencia Club de Fútbol are a Spanish football club based in Valencia. They play in La Liga and are one of the most successful and biggest clubs in Spanish football and European football. Valencia have won six La Liga titles, seven Copa del Rey trophies, two Fairs Cups, one UEFA Cup, one UEFA Cup Winners' Cup, and two UEFA Super Cups. They also reached two UEFA Champions League finals in a row, losing to La Liga rivals Real Madrid in 2000 and then to German club Bayern Munich on penalties after a 1–1 draw in 2001. Valencia were also members of the G-14 group of leading European football clubs. In total, Valencia have reached seven major European finals, winning four of them.\nIn the all-time La Liga table, Valencia is in third position behind Real Madrid and FC Barcelona. In terms of continental titles, Valencia is again the third-most successful behind the two, with these three being the only Spanish clubs to have won five or more continental trophies.\nValencia were founded in 1919 and have played their home games at the 55,000-seater Mestalla since 1923. They were due to move into the new 75,000-seater Nou Mestalla in the north-west of the city in 2013, but the final move date has been postponed while the stadium is still being built. Valencia have a long-standing rivalry with Levante UD, also located in the City of Valencia, and with two others club in the Valencian Community region, Hércules CF and CD Castellón.
/m/058nt	The Marvel Universe is the shared fictional universe where stories in most comic book titles and other media published by Marvel Entertainment take place, including those featuring Marvel's most familiar characters, such as Spider-Man, the Hulk, the X-Men, and the Avengers.\nThe Marvel Universe is further depicted as existing within a \"multiverse\" consisting of thousands of separate universes, all of which are the creations of Marvel Comics and all of which are, in a sense, \"Marvel universes\". In this context, \"Marvel Universe\" is taken to refer to the mainstream Marvel continuity, which is known as Earth-616.
/m/01796z	The House of Windsor is the royal house of the United Kingdom and the other Commonwealth realms. It was founded by King George V by royal proclamation on 17 July 1917, when he changed the name of the British Royal Family from the German Saxe-Coburg and Gotha to the English Windsor, due to the anti-German sentiment in the British Empire during World War I. The most prominent member of the House of Windsor is its head, Queen Elizabeth II, who is the reigning monarch of 16 Commonwealth realms.
/m/0v9qg	Grand Rapids is a city in the U.S. state of Michigan. It is located on the Grand River about 25 miles east of Lake Michigan. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 188,040. In 2010, the Grand Rapids metropolitan area had a population of 1,005,648, and the combined statistical area of Grand Rapids-Muskegon-Holland had a population of 1,321,557. Grand Rapids is the county seat of Kent County, Michigan, second largest city in Michigan, and the largest city in West Michigan. A historic furniture-manufacturing center, Grand Rapids is still home to five of the world's leading office furniture companies, and is nicknamed \"Furniture City\". Its more common modern nickname of \"River City\" refers to the landmark river for which it was named. The city and surrounding communities are economically diverse, and contribute heavily to the health care, information technology, automotive, aviation, and consumer goods manufacturing industries, among others.\nGrand Rapids was the home of singer and song writer Anthony Kiedis, the filmmakers Paul Schrader and Leonard Schrader, the singer Al Green and U.S. President Gerald Ford, who—along with his wife Betty—is buried on the grounds of the Gerald R. Ford Presidential Museum in Grand Rapids.
/m/0xn7q	Jersey City is the seat of Hudson County, New Jersey. As of the 2010 United States Census, the population of Jersey City was 247,597, making it the second-most populous city in New Jersey, after Newark.\nPart of the New York metropolitan area, Jersey City lies across from Lower Manhattan between the Hudson River and Upper New York Bay and the Hackensack River and Newark Bay. A port of entry, with 11 miles of waterfront and significant rail connections, Jersey City is an important transportation terminus and distribution and manufacturing center for the Port of New York and New Jersey. Service industries have played a prominent role in the redevelopment of its waterfront and the creation of one of the nation's largest downtowns.\nAfter a peak population of 316,715 measured in the 1930 Census, the city's population saw a half-century long decline to a low of 223,532 in the 1980 Census, but since then the city's population has grown, with the 2010 population reflecting an increase of 7,542 from the 240,055 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn increased by 11,518 from the 228,537 counted in the 1990 Census.
/m/0464gkc	Guitar Hero World Tour is a music rhythm game developed by Neversoft, published by Activision and distributed by RedOctane. It is the fourth main entry in the Guitar Hero series. The game was launched in North America in October 2008 for the PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, Wii, and Xbox 360 consoles, and a month later for Europe and Australia. A version of World Tour for Microsoft Windows and Apple Macintosh was later released.\nWhile the game continues to feature the use of a guitar-shaped controller to simulate the playing of rock music, Guitar Hero World Tour is the first game in the Guitar Hero series to feature drum and microphone controllers for percussion and vocal parts, similar in manner to the competing Rock Band series of games. The game allows users to create new songs through the \"Music Studio\" mode, which can then be uploaded and shared through a service known as \"GHTunes\".\nWorld Tour received generally positive reviews with critics responding positively to the quality of the instrument controllers, the customization abilities, and improvements in the game's difficulty compared with the previous Guitar Hero III: Legends of Rock.
/m/011yr9	Elizabeth is a 1998 biographical film written by Michael Hirst, directed by Shekhar Kapur, and starring Cate Blanchett in the title role of Queen Elizabeth I of England, alongside Geoffrey Rush, Christopher Eccleston, Joseph Fiennes, Sir John Gielgud, Fanny Ardant and Richard Attenborough. This 1998 film is loosely based on the early years of Elizabeth's reign. In 2007, Blanchett and Rush reprised their roles in the sequel, Elizabeth: The Golden Age, covering the later part of her reign.\nThe film brought Australian actress Blanchett to international attention. She won several awards for her portrayal of Elizabeth, notably a BAFTA and a Golden Globe in 1998, while the film was also named the 1998 BAFTA Best British Film. Elizabeth was nominated in 7 categories in the 71st Academy Awards, including Best Picture and Best Actress, receiving the prize for Best Makeup.\nThe film sees a young Elizabeth elevated to the throne on the death of her half-sister Mary I, who had imprisoned her. Her reign over the divided and bankrupt realm is perceived as weak and under threat of invasion by Early Modern France or Habsburg Spain. For the future stability and security of the crown she is urged by advisor William Cecil to marry, and has suitors in the Catholic Philip II of Spain and the French Henri, Duc d'Anjou. She instead embarks on an affair with the wholly unsuitable Robert Dudley.
/m/010y34	Morgantown is a city in and the county seat of Monongalia County, West Virginia. Situated along the banks of the Monongahela River, Morgantown is the largest city in North-Central West Virginia, and the base of the Morgantown metropolitan area. It has a permanent population of 29,660 per the 2010 census, with West Virginia University adding several thousand seasonal residents to the city and surrounding area from September through May. Morgantown is best known as the home of both West Virginia University and the one-of-a-kind Morgantown Personal Rapid Transit system.
/m/077jpc	CFR Cluj is a Romanian professional football club from the city of Cluj-Napoca in Transylvania, Romania. The club had spent most of their existence in the lower divisions, except for a spell in Divizia A in the 1970s, until they received significant financial backing from the current owner in 2002. CFR Cluj returned to the top flight in 2004 and the following season took part in their first UEFA competition, the Intertoto Cup, finishing as runners-up. In 2007–08, CFR Cluj were champions of Liga I for the first time in their history, taking the title away from the teams of Bucharest for the first time in 17 years and qualifying for the UEFA Champions League group stages in the process, six years after having been in the Liga III, the third tier of Romanian league football. CFR Cluj started the 2008–09 UEFA Champions League with an unexpected win against Roma, followed by a draw against the previous season's Champions League finalists, Chelsea. The team has set a record since their major ownership change in 2002, having managed to win eight trophies: the Liga I championship, the Romanian Cup, and the Romanian Supercup.
/m/024hbv	Homicide: Life on the Street is an American police procedural television series chronicling the work of a fictional version of the Baltimore Police Department's Homicide Unit. It ran for seven seasons on NBC from 1993 to 1999, and was succeeded by a TV movie, which also acted as the de facto series finale. The series was originally based on David Simon's book Homicide: A Year on the Killing Streets. Many of the characters and stories used throughout the show were based on events depicted in the book, which was also part of the basis for Simon's own series, The Wire on HBO.\nAlthough Homicide featured an ensemble cast, Andre Braugher emerged as the series' breakout star through his portrayal of Frank Pembleton. The show won Television Critics Association Awards for Outstanding Achievement in Drama in 1996, 1997, and 1998. It also became the first drama ever to win three Peabody Awards for best drama in 1993, 1995, and 1997. In 1997, the episode \"Prison Riot\" was ranked No. 32 on TV Guide's 100 Greatest Episodes of All Time. In 2007, it was listed as one of Time magazine's \"Best TV Shows of All-TIME.\" In 1996, TV Guide named the series 'The Best Show You're Not Watching'. The show placed #46 on Entertainment Weekly's \"New TV Classics\" list.
/m/0nc1c	Romford is a large suburban town in northeast London, United Kingdom and the administrative headquarters of the London Borough of Havering. It is located 14.1 miles northeast of Charing Cross and is one of the major metropolitan centres identified in the London Plan. It was historically a market town in the county of Essex and formed the administrative centre of the liberty of Havering, until it was dissolved in 1892. Good road links and the opening of the railway station in 1839 were key to the development of the town and the economic history of Romford is underpinned by a shift from agriculture to light industry and more recently to retail and commerce. As part of the suburban growth of London in the 20th century, Romford significantly expanded and increased in population, becoming a municipal borough in 1937 and has formed part of Greater London since 1965. It now forms one of the largest commercial, retail, entertainment and leisure districts outside central London and has a developed night time economy.
/m/0nf3h	Jackson County is a county located in west central Missouri in the United States. As of the 2010 census, the population was 674,158. making it the second most populous county in the state. Although Independence retains its status as the original county seat, Kansas City serves as a second county seat and the center of county government. The county was organized December 15, 1826 and named for President Andrew Jackson.\nKansas City, the county's most populous city and focus city of the Kansas City Metropolitan Area, is mostly located in Jackson County.
/m/06b0n3	Sexploitation, or \"sex-exploitation,\" describes a class of independently produced, low-budget feature films generally associated with the 1960s, and serving largely as a vehicle for the exhibition of non-explicit sexual situations and gratuitous nudity. The genre is a subgenre of exploitation films. Sexploitation films were generally exhibited in urban grindhouse theatres, the precursor to the adult movie theaters of the '70s and '80s that featured hardcore content. The term soft-core is often used to designate non-explicit sexploitation films after the general legalization of hardcore content. Nudist films are often considered to be subgenres of the sex-exploitation genre as well. \"Nudie\" films and \"Nudie-cuties\" are associated genres.
/m/07_53	Volleyball is a team sport in which two teams of six players are separated by a net. Each team tries to score points by grounding a ball on the other team's court under organized rules. It has been a part of the official program of the Summer Olympic Games since 1964.\nThe complete rules are extensive. But simply, play proceeds as follows: a player on one of the teams begins a 'rally' by serving the ball, from behind the back boundary line of the court, over the net, and into the receiving team's court. The receiving team must not let the ball be grounded within their court. The team may touch the ball up to 3 times but individual players may not touch the ball twice consecutively. Typically, the first two touches are used to set up for an attack, an attempt to direct the ball back over the net in such a way that the serving team is unable to prevent it from being grounded in their court.\nThe rally continues, with each team allowed as many as three consecutive touches, until either: a team makes a kill, grounding the ball on the opponent's court and winning the rally; or: a team commits a fault and loses the rally. The team that wins the rally is awarded a point, and serves the ball to start the next rally. A few of the most common faults include:
/m/043fz4	Natsume Company Ltd. is a Japanese video game developer and publisher in Shinjuku, Tokyo, Japan founded on October 20, 1987. Its American branch, Natsume Inc., is located in Burlingame, California. It is best known for publishing unique, family-oriented niche games, such as the Harvest Moon series and Rune Factory.
/m/01g04k	George Gard \"Buddy\" DeSylva was an American songwriter, film producer and record executive. He wrote or co-wrote many popular songs and along with Johnny Mercer and Glenn Wallichs he founded Capitol Records.
/m/07j8kh	Elliot Goldenthal is an American composer of contemporary classical music. He was a student of Aaron Copland and John Corigliano, and is best known for his distinctive style and ability to blend various musical styles and techniques in original and inventive ways. He is also a film-music composer, and won the Academy Award for Best Original Score in 2002 for his score to the motion picture Frida, directed by his long-time partner Julie Taymor.
/m/0sqgt	Evansville is the commercial, medical and cultural hub of Southwestern Indiana and the Illinois-Indiana-Kentucky tri-state area. It is the third-largest city in the state of Indiana and the largest city in Southern Indiana. As of the 2010 census, the city had a total population of 117,429 and a metropolitan population of 311,552. It is the county seat of Vanderburgh County.\nSituated on an oxbow in the Ohio River, the city is often referred to as \"River City\". As testament to the Ohio's grandeur, early French explorers named it La Belle Riviere. The area has been inhabited by various cultures for millenia, dating back at least 10,000 years. Angel Mounds was a permanent settlement of the Mississippian culture from 1000 AD to around 1400 AD. The city itself was founded in 1812.\nThe broad economic base of the region has helped to build an economy which is known for its stability, diversity, and vitality. Four NYSE companies are headquartered in Evansville, along with the global operations center for NYSE company Mead Johnson. Three other companies traded on the NASDAQ are located in Evansville. The city is home to public and private enterprise in many areas, as Evansville serves as the economic hub of the region. Finance, process manufacturing, plastics, health & life sciences and logistics & distribution are particularly strong sectors of the Evansville workforce.
/m/02ll45	The Mission is a 1986 British drama film about the experiences of a Jesuit missionary in 18th century South America. The film was written by Robert Bolt and directed by Roland Joffé. The movie stars Robert De Niro, Jeremy Irons, Ray McAnally, Aidan Quinn, Cherie Lunghi and Liam Neeson. It won the Palme d'Or and the Academy Award for Best Cinematography. In April 2007, it was elected number one on the Church Times's Top 50 Religious Films list. The music, scored by Italian composer Ennio Morricone, was listed at number 23 on the AFI's 100 Years of Film Scores and ranked 1st on the Australian Broadcasting Corporation's Classic 100 Music in the Movies.
/m/08849	Mohammed Yasser Abdel Rahman Abdel Raouf Arafat al-Qudwa, popularly known as Yasser Arafat or by his kunya Abu Ammar, was a Palestinian leader. He was Chairman of the Palestine Liberation Organization, President of the Palestinian National Authority, and leader of the Fatah political party and former paramilitary group, which he founded in 1959. Arafat spent much of his life fighting against Israel in the name of Palestinian self-determination. Originally opposed to Israel's existence, he modified his position in 1988 when he accepted UN Security Council Resolution 242. Arafat and his movement operated from several Arab countries. In the late 1960s and early 1970s, Fatah faced off with Jordan in a brief civil war. Forced out of Jordan and into Lebanon, Arafat and Fatah were major targets of Israel's 1978 and 1982 invasions of that country.\nLater in his career, Arafat engaged in a series of negotiations with the government of Israel to end the decades-long conflict between it and the PLO. These included the Madrid Conference of 1991, the 1993 Oslo Accords and the 2000 Camp David Summit. His political rivals, including Islamists and several PLO leftists, often denounced him for being corrupt or too submissive in his concessions to the Israeli government. In 1994 Arafat received the Nobel Peace Prize, together with Yitzhak Rabin and Shimon Peres, for the negotiations at Oslo. During this time, Hamas and other militant organizations rose to power and shook the foundations of the authority that Fatah under Arafat had established in the Palestinian territories. In late 2004, after effectively being confined within his Ramallah compound for over two years by the Israeli army, Arafat became ill, fell into a coma and died on 11 November 2004 at the age of 75. The cause of his illness and subsequent death became a matter of dispute.
/m/0d193h	Pearl Jam is an American rock band that formed in Seattle, Washington, in 1990. Since its inception, the band's line-up has included Stone Gossard, Jeff Ament, Mike McCready, and Eddie Vedder. The band's fifth and current drummer is Matt Cameron, of Soundgarden, who has been with the band since 1998.\nFormed after the demise of Gossard and Ament's previous band, Mother Love Bone, Pearl Jam broke into the mainstream with its debut album, Ten, in 1991. One of the key bands of the grunge movement in the early 1990s, over the course of the band's career, its members became noted for their refusal to adhere to traditional music industry practices, including refusing to make music videos, giving interviews and engaging in a much-publicized boycott of Ticketmaster. In 2006, Rolling Stone described the band as having \"spent much of the past decade deliberately tearing apart their own fame.\"\nTo date, the band has sold over 31.5 million records in the U.S, and an estimated 60 million worldwide. Pearl Jam has outlasted and outsold many of its contemporaries from the alternative rock breakthrough of the early 1990s, and is considered one of the most influential bands of the decade. Stephen Thomas Erlewine of Allmusic referred to Pearl Jam as \"the most popular American rock & roll band of the '90s.\"
/m/0df2zx	Jackass Number Two is a 2006 American reality film. It is the sequel to Jackass: The Movie, both based upon the MTV series Jackass. Like its predecessor and the original TV show, the film is a compilation of stunts, pranks and skits. The film stars the regular Jackass cast of Johnny Knoxville, Bam Margera, Chris Pontius, Steve-O, Ryan Dunn, Dave England, Jason \"Wee Man\" Acuña, Preston Lacy and Ehren McGhehey. Everyone depicted in the film plays as themselves. All nine main cast members from the first film returned for the sequel. The film was directed by Jeff Tremaine, who also directed Jackass: The Movie and produced Jackass.\nThe film was produced by Dickhouse Productions and MTV Films and distributed by Paramount Pictures. The film premiered in theatres on September 22, 2006. The DVD was later released on December 26, 2006. Jackass 2.5, a direct-to-video feature, was made available online on December 19, 2007 and on DVD on December 26, 2007. It contains most of the deleted and unused scenes that were originally shot for Jackass Number Two.\nThe film received positive reviews from critics, and was also a box-office success, making nearly $85 million worldwide against a production budget of only $11.5 million.
/m/03j24kf	Sir James Paul McCartney, MBE is an English musician, singer, songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, and composer. With John Lennon, George Harrison, and Ringo Starr, he gained worldwide fame as a member of the Beatles, widely regarded as one of the most popular and influential acts in the history of rock music; his songwriting partnership with Lennon is one of the most celebrated of the 20th century. After the band's break-up, he pursued a solo career and later formed Wings with his first wife, Linda, and Denny Laine.\nIn 1979, Guinness World Records described McCartney as the \"most successful composer and recording artist of all time\", with 60 gold discs and sales of over 100 million albums and 100 million singles, and as the \"most successful songwriter\" in United Kingdom chart history. More than 2,200 artists have covered his Beatles song \"Yesterday\", more than any other copyrighted song in history. Wings' 1977 release \"Mull of Kintyre\" is one of the all-time best-selling singles in the UK. Inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a solo artist in March 1999, McCartney has written, or co-written 32 songs that have reached number one on the Billboard Hot 100, and as of 2014 he has sold more than 15.5 million RIAA-certified units in the United States. McCartney, Lennon, Harrison and Starr received MBEs in 1965, and in 1997, McCartney was knighted for his services to music.
/m/03h_0_z	Ciara Princess Harris, known mononymously as Ciara, is an American recording artist, dancer, actress, and fashion model. Born in Austin, Texas, she traveled around the world during her childhood, eventually moving to Atlanta, Georgia where she joined the girl group Hearsay; however, the group disbanded after having differences. It was at this time Ciara was noticed for her songwriting. In 2002, Ciara met music producer Jazze Pha. With his help, she signed a record deal with LaFace Records.\nIn 2004, Ciara released her debut studio album Goodies, which spawned three hit singles: \"Goodies\", \"1, 2 Step\", and \"Oh\". The album was certified triple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America, and earned her four nominations at the 48th Grammy Awards. She released her second studio album, Ciara: The Evolution, in 2006 which spawned the hit singles \"Get Up\", \"Promise\", and \"Like a Boy\". The album reached number one in the US and was certified platinum. Her third studio album Fantasy Ride, released in 2009, was considerably less successful than Ciara's first two albums. However, it produced the worldwide top-ten hit \"Love Sex Magic\" featuring Justin Timberlake, which earned her a Grammy Award nomination for Best Pop Collaboration with Vocals. The following year, Ciara released her fourth studio album Basic Instinct, which was met with low sales and continued a downward trend in her commercial success. In 2011, she signed a new record deal with Epic Records, and released her self-titled fifth studio album, Ciara, in 2013 which was preceded by the US R&B/Hip-Hop top-ten hit \"Body Party\".
/m/04fc6c	The Island Def Jam Music Group is an American record label formed in 1999 when the Universal Music Group merged two of its daughter companies Island Records and Def Jam Recordings. In 2011, Motown Records was split from the Universal Motown Republic Group and was subsequently merged into the The Island Def Jam Music Group. Barry Weiss serves as Chairman and CEO of the company. As of February 2014, artists on the IDJMG roster include Mariah Carey, Rihanna, Kanye West, 2 Chainz, and Iggy Azalea.
/m/01q940	Bertelsmann Music Group, was a division of Bertelsmann before its completion of sale of the majority of its assets to Japan's Sony Corporation of America on October 1, 2008. It was established in 1987 to combine the music label activities of Bertelsmann. It consisted of the BMG Music Publishing company, the world's third largest music publisher and the world's largest independent music publisher, and the 50% share of the joint venture with Sony Music Entertainment, Sony BMG Music Entertainment.\nThe joint venture with Sony Music was set up in August 2004. It reduced the Big Five record companies to the Big Four record companies. At that time, the company had a 21.5% share in the global music market. Sony Music and BMG remained separate in Japan, although BMG Music Japan was wholly owned by Sony BMG.\nOn March 27, 2006, the New York Times reported that Bertelsmann was looking to raise money by leveraging some of its media assets, and that executives from both companies were in talks about possibly altering the current venture. Bertelsmann sold its 50% share of Sony BMG to Sony Corporation of America for a total of $1.5 billion, and the company was renamed back to Sony Music Entertainment Inc.
/m/05jcn8	Peter Hans \"Pete\" Docter is an American film director, animator, screenwriter, producer and voice actor from Bloomington, Minnesota. He is best known for directing the films Monsters, Inc. and Up, and as a key figure and collaborator in Pixar Animation Studios. The A. V. Club has called him \"almost universally successful\". He has been nominated for six Oscars, three Annie Awards, a BAFTA Children's Film Award, and a Hochi Film Award. He has described himself as a \"geeky kid from Minnesota who likes to draw cartoons.\"\nHe is currently directing Inside Out, an animated feature film, set for release on June 19, 2015, and described as \"...an inventive new film that explores a world that everyone knows, but no one has seen: inside the human mind.\"
/m/01dk00	The Grammy Award for Best Country Song has been awarded since 1965. The award is given to the writer of the song.\nThere have been several minor changes to the name of the award:\nFrom 1965 to 1968 it was known as Best Country & Western Song\nFrom 1969 to 1983 it was awarded as Best Country Song\nIn 1984 it was awarded as Best New Country Song\nFrom 1985 to the present it has again been awarded as Best Country Song\nYears reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were presented, for music released in the previous year. NOTE: Recording artist information is listed for reference only; the vocalist is not credited in the nomination nor do they receive the award in this category unless they were also the writer.
/m/0639bg	The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe is a 2005 fantasy adventure film directed by Andrew Adamson and based on The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe, the first published and second chronological novel in C. S. Lewis's children's epic fantasy series, The Chronicles of Narnia. It was co-produced by Walden Media and Walt Disney Pictures and distributed by Buena Vista Pictures. William Moseley, Anna Popplewell, Georgie Henley and Skandar Keynes play Peter, Susan, Lucy and Edmund, four British children evacuated during the Blitz to the countryside, who find a wardrobe that leads to the fantasy world of Narnia. There they ally with the Lion Aslan against the forces of Jadis, the White Witch. The screenplay based on the novel by C. S. Lewis was written by Stephen McFeely and Christopher Markus.\nThe film was released on December 9, 2005, in both Europe and North America to positive reviews and was highly successful at the box office grossing more than $745 million worldwide, making it 2005's third most successful film. It won the 2005 Academy Award for Best Makeup and various other awards and is the first film in the series of films based on the books. An Extended Edition was released on December 12, 2006, and was only made available on DVD until January 31, 2007, when it was discontinued. It was the best selling DVD in North America in 2006 taking in $332.7 million that year.
/m/03l7f	Homelessness describes the condition of people without a regular dwelling. People who are homeless are most often unable to acquire and maintain regular, safe, secure, and adequate housing, or lack \"fixed, regular, and adequate night-time residence.\" The legal definition of \"homeless\" varies from country to country, or among different entities or institutions in the same country or region. The term homeless may also include people whose primary night-time residence is in a homeless shelter, a warming center, a domestic violence shelter, cardboard boxes or other ad hoc housing situations. American Government homeless enumeration studies also include persons who sleep in a public or private place not designed for use as a regular sleeping accommodation for human beings. There are a number of organisations who provide provisions for the homeless for example, The Salvation Army.\nAn estimated 100 million people worldwide were homeless in 2005. In western countries, the large majority of homeless are men, with single males particularly overrepresented. In the USA, LGBT people are over-represented among homeless youth, at 40%. Modern homelessness started as a result of economic stresses in society and reductions in the availability of affordable housing. In the United States, in the 1970s, the deinstitutionalisation of patients from state psychiatric hospitals was a precipitating factor in urban areas. By the mid-1980s, there was also a dramatic increase in family homelessness. Tied into this was an increasing number of impoverished and runaway children, teenagers, and young adults, which created more street children or street youth.
/m/0hnf5vm	The following is a list of the MTV Movie Award winners and nominees for Best Dance Sequence. It was first introduced in 1995. This award was last given out in 2004.
/m/07r4c	Tori Amos is an eight-time Grammy Award–nominated American singer-songwriter, pianist and composer. She is a classically trained musician and possesses a mezzo-soprano vocal range.\nAmos originally served as the lead singer of short-lived 1980s synthpop group Y Kant Tori Read before achieving her breakthrough as a solo artist in the early 1990s, becoming one of the world's most prominent female singer-songwriters. She was also noteworthy early in her solo career as one of the few alternative rock performers to use a piano as her primary instrument. Some of her charting singles include \"Crucify\", \"Silent All These Years\", \"God\", \"Cornflake Girl\", \"Caught a Lite Sneeze\", \"Professional Widow\", \"Spark\", \"1000 Oceans\", \"Flavor\", and \"A Sorta Fairytale\", her most commercially successful single in the U.S. to date. Amos has sold more than 12 million albums worldwide. She has been nominated for and won several awards in different genres, ranging from MTV VMAs to classical music with an Echo award in 2012.
/m/0djc3s	Pritam Chakraborty better known as Pritam, is a music director and composer from Kolkata who currently composes music for Bollywood. Pritam has completed a decade in Bollywood as a solo music director giving chartbusters like Dhoom Machale from Dhoom. Pritam's latest album release is the soundtrack of Shaadi Ke Side Effects.
/m/01v3vp	David Ogden Stiers is an American actor, director, vocal actor, and musician, noted for his roles in Disney films, the television series M*A*S*H as Major Charles Emerson Winchester III and the science fiction drama The Dead Zone as Reverend Gene Purdy. He is also known for the role of District Attorney Michael Reston in the Perry Mason TV movies.
/m/0crc2cp	The Three Musketeers is a 2011 3D adventure film directed by Paul W. S. Anderson, based on the novel of the same title by Alexandre Dumas. The film stars Matthew Macfadyen, Logan Lerman, Ray Stevenson, Luke Evans, Milla Jovovich, Orlando Bloom and Christoph Waltz.\nThe Three Musketeers was released on 1 September 2011 for Germany, 12 October 2011 for the United Kingdom and France and 21 October 2011 for the United States, Canada and Australia. Critics gave it a negative reaction, criticizing the lack of originality, characterization, acting and visual effects; but the film achieved a positive box office result.
/m/09lgt	Pas-de-Calais is a department in northern France. Its name is the French equivalent of the Strait of Dover, which it borders.
/m/0ylvj	Exeter College is one of the constituent colleges of the University of Oxford in England and the fourth oldest college of the University.\nThe college is located on Turl Street, where it was originally founded in 1314 by Devon-born Walter de Stapeldon, Bishop of Exeter, as a school to educate clergymen. From its foundation Exeter was popular with the sons of the Devonshire gentry and has been associated with a number of notable people, including the novelist J.R.R. Tolkien.\nAs of 2011, the college had an estimated financial endowment of £49.1 million and net assets of £67.5 million.
/m/027ydt	Eastern Kentucky University, commonly referred to as Eastern or by the acronym EKU, is an undergraduate and graduate teaching and research institution located in Richmond, Kentucky, U.S.A.. EKU is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools. It maintains three regional campuses in Corbin, Danville, and Manchester, and centers in Fort Knox, Lancaster, and Somerset.
/m/04gghfp	House of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha is a German dynasty, the line of the Saxon House of Wettin that ruled the Ernestine duchies including the duchy of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha.\nFounded by Ernest Anton, the sixth duke of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld, it is the royal house of several European monarchies, and branches currently reign in Belgium through the descendants of Leopold I, and in the Commonwealth realms through the descendants of Prince Albert. Due to anti-German sentiment in the United Kingdom during World War I, George V of the United Kingdom changed the name of his branch from Saxe-Coburg and Gotha to Windsor in 1917. The same happened in Belgium where it was changed to \"van België\" or \"de Belgique\".
/m/01d0b1	Michael Jeter was a Tony– and Emmy-winning American actor of film, stage, and television. His most notable television roles are as Herman Stiles on the sitcom Evening Shade from 1990 until 1994 and for playing Mr. Noodle's brother, Mr. Noodle on Elmo's World from 2000 until 2003. His film roles include Zelig, Waterworld, Air Bud, The Green Mile, Jurassic Park III and The Polar Express among many others.
/m/05sq20	Pamela Yvonne \"Pam\" Tillis is an American country music singer-songwriter and actress. She is the daughter of country music singer Mel Tillis and one of six children.\nOriginally a demo singer in Nashville, Tennessee, Tillis was signed to Warner Bros. Records in 1981, for which she released nine singles and one album, Above and Beyond the Doll of Cutey. By 1991, she had signed to Arista Nashville, entering Top 40 on Hot Country Songs for the first time with \"Don't Tell Me What to Do\", the first of five singles from her album Put Yourself in My Place. Tillis recorded five more albums for Arista Nashville between then and 2001, plus a greatest hits album and 22 more singles. Her only number 1 hit on the country charts was 1995's \"Mi Vida Loca\", although 12 other singles made Top 10 on that chart. After exiting Arista, Tillis released It's All Relative: Tillis Sings Tillis for Lucky Dog Records in 2002, plus RhineStoned and the Christmas album Just in Time for Christmas on her own Stellar Cat label in 2007. Her albums Homeward Looking Angel, Sweetheart's Dance and Greatest Hits are all certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America, while Put Yourself in My Place and 1995's All of This Love are certified gold.
/m/0df4y	Tianjin is a metropolis in northern China and one of the five national central cities of the People's Republic of China. It is governed as one of the four direct-controlled municipalities of the PRC, and is thus under direct administration of the central government. Tianjin borders Hebei Province and Beijing Municipality, bounded to the east by the Bohai Gulf portion of the Yellow Sea. Part of the Bohai Economic Rim, it is the largest coastal city in northern China.\nIn terms of urban population, Tianjin is the fourth largest in China, after Shanghai, Beijing, and Guangzhou. Tianjin is a dual-core city, with its main urban area located along the Hai River, which connects to the Yellow and Yangtze Rivers via the Grand Canal; and Binhai, a New Area urban core located east of the old city, on the coast of Bohai Sea. As of the end of 2010, around 285 Fortune 500 companies have set up base in Binhai, which is a new growth pole in China and is a hub of advanced industry and financial activity. Since the mid-19th century, Tianjin has been a major seaport and gateway to the nation's capital.
/m/05gm16l	The University of Saskatchewan is a Canadian public research university, founded in 1907, and located on the east side of the South Saskatchewan River in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada. An \"Act to establish and incorporate a University for the Province of Saskatchewan\" was passed by the provincial legislature in 1907. It established the provincial university on April 3, 1907 \"for the purpose of providing facilities for higher education in all its branches and enabling all persons without regard to race, creed or religion to take the fullest advantage\". The University of Saskatchewan is now the largest education institution in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan.\nThe university began as an agricultural college in 1907 and established the first Canadian university-based department of extension in 1910. 300 acres were set aside for university buildings and 1,000 acres for the U of S farm, and agricultural fields. In total 10.32 km² was annexed for the university. Currently, the main University campus is situated upon 2,425 acres, with another 500 acres allocated for Innovation Place Research Park. The University of Saskatchewan agriculture college still has access to neighbouring urban research lands. The University of Saskatchewan's Vaccine and Infectious Disease Organization facility, develops DNA-enhanced immunization vaccines for both humans and animals. Since its origins as an agricultural college, research has played an important role at the university. Discoveries made at the U of S include sulphate-resistant cement and the cobalt-60 cancer therapy unit. The university currently offers over 200 academic programs. Duncan P. McColl was appointed as the first registrar, establishing the first convocation from which Chief Justice Edward L. Wetmore was elected as the first chancellor. Walter Charles Murray became the first president of the university's board of governors.
/m/06wkj0	A comics artist is a person working within the comics medium on comic strips, comic books or graphic novels. The term may refer to any number of artists who contribute to produce a work in the comics form, from those who oversee all aspects of the work to those who contribute only a part.
/m/012ljv	Gabriel Yared is a French-Lebanese composer, best known for his work in French and American cinema.\nBorn in Beirut, Lebanon, his work in France included the scores for Betty Blue and Camille Claudel. He later began working on English language films, particularly those directed by Anthony Minghella. He won an Oscar and a Grammy Award for his work on The English Patient and was also nominated for The Talented Mr. Ripley and Cold Mountain.
/m/01mxnvc	Roy Wood is an English singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist. He was particularly successful in the 1960s and 1970s as member and co-founder of the bands The Move, Electric Light Orchestra, and Wizzard. As a songwriter, he contributed a number of hits to the repertoire of these bands.
/m/0pyg6	Vanessa Lynn Williams, known professionally as Vanessa L. Williams or Vanessa Williams, is an American singer, actress, producer and former fashion model. In 1983, she became the first African-American woman crowned Miss America, but a scandal arose when Penthouse magazine bought and published nude photographs of her. She relinquished her title early and was succeeded by the first runner-up, Suzette Charles of New Jersey. Williams rebounded by launching a career as an entertainer, earning multiple Grammy, Emmy, and Tony Award nominations. She is arguably the most successful Miss America winner in the field of entertainment.\nWilliams released her debut album The Right Stuff in 1988, which spawned the hits \"The Right Stuff\", a No. 1 on Hot Dance Songs, and \"Dreamin'\" a No. 1 on R&B and No. 8 on Billboard Hot 100. Her second studio album The Comfort Zone in 1991 topped the Billboard R&B Album Chart, which spawned the Billboard Hot 100 number-one hit \"Save the Best for Last\". In 1994 she debuted on Broadway in the musical Kiss of the Spider Woman. In 1995 she recorded \"Colors of the Wind\", the Oscar-winner for Best Original Song from the Disney animated feature film Pocahontas, which reached No. 4 on the Billboard Hot 100.
/m/01gt99	The Twentieth United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, consisting of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, D.C. from March 4, 1827 to March 4, 1829, during the third and fourth years of John Quincy Adams's presidency. The apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives was based on the Fourth Census of the United States in 1820. Both chambers had a Jacksonian majority.
/m/04xbr4	Kevin McCarthy was an American stage, film, and television actor who appeared in over two hundred television and film roles. For his role in the film version of Death of a Salesman, he was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor and won a Golden Globe Award for New Star of the Year - Actor. McCarthy is probably best known for his starring role in Invasion of the Body Snatchers, a horror science fiction film.
/m/01950l	Dark Horse Comics is an American comic book and manga publisher.\nDark Horse Comics was founded in 1986 by Mike Richardson in Milwaukie, Oregon, with the concept of establishing an ideal atmosphere for creative professionals. Richardson started out by opening his first comic book store, Pegasus Books, in Bend, Oregon, in 1980. From there he was able to use the funds from his retail operation to start his own publishing company. Dark Horse Presents and Boris the Bear were the two initial titles in 1986 and within one year of its first publication, Dark Horse Comics added nine new titles to its roster, including The American, The Mark, Trekker, and Black Cross. In 2011, Dark Horse Presents relaunched including the return of Paul Chadwick's Concrete and Steve Niles's Criminal Macabre, as well as new talent including Sanford Greene, Carla Speed McNeil, Nate Crosby and others.
/m/07q9q2	Associazione Calcistica Perugia Calcio are an Italian association football club based in Perugia, Umbria, direct heir of the old Perugia Calcio and A.C. Perugia, excluded from Italian football because of financial troubles. The team currently play in the Lega Pro Prima Divisione.
/m/0fdjb	The supernatural is that which is not subject to the laws of physics, or more figuratively, that which is said to exist above and beyond nature. In philosophy, popular culture and fiction, the supernatural is associated with the paranormal, religions and occultism. It has neoplatonic and medieval scholastic origins.
/m/02vq8xn	Maria Rosario Santos known as Charo Santos-Concio or Charo Santos is a Filipina television executive, host, actress, and film producer who hosts the network's longest-running drama anthology Maalaala Mo Kaya. She is the President of ABS-CBN Corporation, and plays a powerful role in TV and film production in the Philippines. On March 3, 2008, Ms. Charo Santos-Concio was promoted as 5th president of ABS-CBN Broadcasting Corporation and in charge of the company's total business portfolio, taking over from interim president Eugenio Lopez III.
/m/04wvhz	Brian Thomas Grazer is an American film and television producer.\nHe co-founded Imagine Entertainment in 1986, with Ron Howard. The films they produced have grossed over $13 billion. The movies include four for which Grazer was personally nominated for an Academy Award: Splash, Apollo 13, A Beautiful Mind, and Frost/Nixon. His films and TV shows have been nominated for 43 Academy Awards, and 131 Emmys.\nIn 2002, Grazer won an Oscar for Best Picture for A Beautiful Mind. In 2007, he was named one of Time Magazine's \"100 Most Influential People in the World\".
/m/01385g	Sir Michael Scudamore Redgrave, CBE was an English stage and film actor, director, manager and author.
/m/01kb2j	Julianne Moore is a British–American actress and children's author. Prolific in cinema since the early 1990s, Moore is particularly known for her portrayals of emotionally troubled women. Her career has involved both art house and Hollywood films, and she has received four Academy Award nominations.\nAfter studying theatre at Boston University, Moore began her career with a series of television roles. From 1985 to 1988, she was a regular in the soap opera As the World Turns, earning a Daytime Emmy for her performance. Her film debut was in 1990, and she continued to play supporting roles throughout the early 1990s. Moore made her breakthrough with Robert Altman's Short Cuts, followed by critically acclaimed performances in Vanya on 42nd Street, and Safe. Starring roles in the blockbusters Nine Months and The Lost World: Jurassic Park established her as a leading Hollywood actress.\nMoore received considerable recognition in the late 1990s and early 2000s, earning Oscar nominations for Boogie Nights, The End of the Affair, Far from Heaven, and The Hours. Other notable film appearances include The Big Lebowski, Magnolia, Hannibal, and Children of Men. She has continued to work regularly in the 2010s, receiving praise for her performances in The Kids Are All Right and the television film Game Change, in which she portrayed Sarah Palin and received the Emmy Award, Golden Globe Award, and Screen Actors Guild Award for Best Actress. In addition to acting, Moore has written a successful series of children's books. She is married to the director Bart Freundlich, with whom she has two children.
/m/0p_jc	Cornelius Crane \"Chevy\" Chase is an American comedian, writer, television actor and film actor. Born into a prominent New York family, Chase worked a plethora of odd jobs before he moved into comedy and began acting with National Lampoon. He quickly became a key cast member in the inaugural season of Saturday Night Live, where his Weekend Update skit soon became a staple of the show.\nChase is also well known for his portrayal of the character Clark Griswold in four National Lampoon's Vacation films, and for his roles in other successful comedies such as Foul Play, Caddyshack, Seems Like Old Times, Fletch, Spies Like Us, and ¡Three Amigos!. He has hosted the Academy Awards twice and briefly had his own late-night talk show, The Chevy Chase Show. In 2009, he became a regular cast member on the NBC comedy series Community. Chase left the show in 2012, having already filmed most of the episodes in season 4.
/m/0jmgb	The Minnesota Timberwolves are an American professional basketball team based in Minneapolis, Minnesota. They play in the Northwest Division of the Western Conference in the National Basketball Association. Founded in 1989, the team is owned by Glen Taylor. The Timberwolves played their home games at the Metrodome during their inaugural season, before moving to Target Center in 1990.\nLike most expansion teams, the Timberwolves struggled in their early years, but after the acquisition of Kevin Garnett in the 1995 NBA draft, the team made the playoffs eight consecutive times from 1997 to 2004. Despite losing in the first round in their first seven attempts, the Timberwolves won their first division title in 2004 and advanced to the Western Conference Finals. Garnett was also named the NBA Most Valuable Player Award for that season. The team has been in rebuilding mode since missing the playoffs in 2005, and trading Garnett to the Boston Celtics in 2007.
/m/086sj	Winona Ryder is an American actress. She made her film debut in the 1986 film Lucas. Ryder's first significant role, in Tim Burton's Beetlejuice, was as Lydia Deetz, a goth teenager, and won her critical and popular recognition. After various appearances in film and on television, Ryder continued her acting career with the cult film Heathers, a controversial satire of teenage suicide and high school life that drew Ryder further critical attention and commercial success. She later appeared in Mermaids, earning a Golden Globe nomination, in Burton's Edward Scissorhands, and in Francis Ford Coppola's gothic romance Bram Stoker's Dracula.\nHaving played diverse roles in many well-received films, Ryder won a Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress and an Academy Award nomination in the same category for her role in The Age of Innocence in 1993 as well as another Academy Award nomination, as Best Actress, for Little Women the following year. She later appeared in the Generation X cult hit Reality Bites, Alien Resurrection, the Woody Allen comedy Celebrity, and Girl, Interrupted, which she also executive-produced. In 2000, Ryder received a star on the Walk of Fame in Hollywood, California.
/m/0jqp3	Easy Rider is a 1969 American road movie written by Peter Fonda, Dennis Hopper, and Terry Southern, produced by Fonda and directed by Hopper. It tells the story of two bikers who travel through the American Southwest and South. The success of Easy Rider helped spark the New Hollywood phase of filmmaking during the early 1970s. The film was added to the Library of Congress National Registry in 1998.\nA landmark counterculture film, and a \"touchstone for a generation\" that \"captured the national imagination,\" Easy Rider explores the societal landscape, issues, and tensions in the United States during the 1960s, such as the rise and fall of the hippie movement, drug use, and communal lifestyle. In Easy Rider real drugs were used in scenes showing the use of marijuana and other substances.
/m/022r38	The Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism is one of the professional graduate schools of Columbia University. Located in the Morningside Heights neighborhood of New York City, it is the only journalism school in the Ivy League and one of the oldest in the United States and the world. The school was founded by Joseph Pulitzer in 1912, and offers Master of Science and Master of Arts degrees in journalism, and a Ph.D. in communications.\nIn addition to graduate degree programs, the Journalism School administers several prizes, including the Pulitzer Prize and the DuPont-Columbia Award. It also co-sponsors the National Magazine Award and publishes the Columbia Journalism Review, essentially a trade publication for journalists.\nA faculty of experienced journalists with varying specialties—including politics, arts and culture, religion, science, education, business and economics, investigative reporting, national and international affairs—instruct Journalism School students. Faculty members are preeminent in their fields, and many have won numerous journalism awards including the Pulitzer Prize, the Guggenheim Fellowship, the duPont-Columbia Award, the National Magazine Award, and the National Book Award.
/m/03gn1x	Antioch College is a private, coeducational liberal arts college in Yellow Springs, Ohio. Founded in 1850 by the Christian Connection, the college began operating in 1852; politician and education reformer Horace Mann became its first president. It was the founding, constituent college of Antioch University, but Antioch College separated from the university in 2008 and remained closed for three years before reopening in 2011.\nAntioch is the only liberal arts institution in the nation to require a cooperative education work program for all its students. Democracy and shared governance are at the heart of the college. Since 1921 Antioch's educational approach has blended practical work experience with classroom learning, and participatory community governance. Students receive narrative evaluations and academic letter grades.\nAntioch College is a member of the Great Lakes Colleges Association and the North American Alliance for Green Education. The College has produced two Nobel Prize winners. José Ramos-Horta, the 1996 laureate for Peace, obtained his Master of Arts at Antioch in 1984. Mario Capecchi, the 2007 laureate for Medicine, earned the Bachelor of Science from Antioch in 1961.
/m/0dcdp	Albany County is a county located in the U.S. state of New York, and is part of the Albany-Schenectady-Troy Metropolitan Statistical Area. The name is from the title of the Duke of York and Albany, who became James II of England. As of the 2010 census, the population was 304,204. As originally established, Albany County had an indefinite amount of land, but has only 530 square miles as of March 3, 1888. The county seat is Albany, the state capital.
/m/016tw3	Universal Pictures is a film production company.
/m/01x6d4	The Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario, is a right-of-centre political party in Ontario, Canada. The party was known for many years as \"Ontario's natural governing party.\" It has ruled the province for 80 of the 146 years since Confederation, including an uninterrupted run from 1943 to 1985. It is the Official Opposition in the current Legislative Assembly of Ontario.
/m/02k6hp	Cardiovascular disease is a class of diseases that involve the heart, the blood vessels or both.\nCardiovascular disease refers to any disease that affects the cardiovascular system, principally cardiac disease, vascular diseases of the brain and kidney, and peripheral arterial disease. The causes of cardiovascular disease are diverse but atherosclerosis and/or hypertension are the most common. In addition, with aging come a number of physiological and morphological changes that alter cardiovascular function and lead to increased risk of cardiovascular disease, even in healthy asymptomatic individuals.\nCardiovascular disease is the leading cause of deaths worldwide, though, since the 1970s, cardiovascular mortality rates have declined in many high-income countries. At the same time, cardiovascular deaths and disease have increased at a fast rate in low- and middle-income countries. Although cardiovascular disease usually affects older adults, the antecedents of cardiovascular disease, notably atherosclerosis, begin in early life, making primary prevention efforts necessary from childhood. There is therefore increased emphasis on preventing atherosclerosis by modifying risk factors, such as healthy eating, exercise, and avoidance of smoking tobacco.
/m/02fgmn	The police procedural is a subgenre of detective fiction which attempts to convincingly depict the activities of a police force as they investigate crimes. While traditional detective novels usually concentrate on a single crime, police procedurals frequently depict investigations into several unrelated crimes in a single story. While traditional mysteries usually adhere to the convention of having the criminal's identity concealed until the climax, in police procedurals, the perpetrator's identity is often known to the audience from the outset. Police procedurals depict a number of police-related topics such as forensics, autopsies, the gathering of evidence, the use of search warrants and interrogation.
/m/03w9sgh	James D. Parriott is an award winning American writer, director, and producer, with his own self named production company.\nHe also created the series: Voyagers!, Misfits of Science, Forever Knight, Educating Matt Waters, The American Embassy and Defying Gravity.\nIn addition to numerous awards won by series he has created or produced, Parriott himself has been nominated for a number of awards, and has won three; the Writers Guild of America TV Award, and the Producers Guild of America Television Producer of the Year Award in Episodic series.
/m/0260p2	Atlus Co., Ltd. was a Japanese computer and video game developer, publisher, and distribution company based in Tokyo, Japan, best known for developing the role-playing video game franchise Megami Tensei and the surgical simulation/visual novel franchise Trauma Center. The first Megami Tensei was a Nintendo Entertainment System video game published by Namco based on a trilogy of novels, but after the second game, Atlus formed to publish the series. Its corporate mascot was Jack Frost from Shin Megami Tensei. Atlus is now a brand of Index Corporation.
/m/09y20	Alan Sidney Patrick Rickman is an English actor. He is a stage actor in modern and classical productions, and a former member of the Royal Shakespeare Company. His breakout performance was as the Vicomte de Valmont in Les Liaisons Dangereuses, for which he was nominated for a Tony Award. Rickman is well known for his film performances as Hans Gruber in Die Hard, Sheriff of Nottingham in Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves, Severus Snape in the Harry Potter film series, Éamon de Valera in Michael Collins, Metatron in Dogma, and Ronald Reagan in The Butler.\nRickman has also had a number of other notable film roles such as Jamie in Truly, Madly, Deeply, P.L. O'Hara in An Awfully Big Adventure and Colonel Brandon in Ang Lee's 1995 film Sense and Sensibility. More recently, he played Judge Turpin in the film adaptation of Stephen Sondheim's musical of Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street. In 1995, he was awarded the Golden Globe, Emmy Award and Screen Actors Guild Award for his portrayal of Rasputin in Rasputin: Dark Servant of Destiny.\nAs of 2013, Rickman has won a BAFTA Award, a Golden Globe Award, an Emmy Award and a Screen Actors Guild Award. He has been nominated twice for a Tony Award and several times for a BAFTA Award. In 2010, he was named one of the best actors to have never received an Academy Award nomination.
/m/0d9_96	David A. Goodman is an American writer and producer and a graduate of the University of Chicago, where he earned a BA in 1984. He was one of the executive producers of Family Guy, beginning its fourth season, joining the show as a co-executive producer in season three. He was also a writer for several television series, such as The Golden Girls, Futurama and Star Trek: Enterprise. David Goodman also produced Stewie Griffin: The Untold Story. He is also the writer for Fred: The Movie, a 2010 film based on the Fred Figglehorn YouTube series and the sequel Fred 2: Night of the Living Fred.\nDuring the commentary for the Futurama episode \"Where No Fan Has Gone Before\", he mentioned he is a huge Star Trek fan, with an encyclopedic knowledge of the original series. It is also noted that every episode number and name mentioned is 100% correct in the episode. He also states in the commentary that his work for Futurama involving the Star Trek episode was partly what got him a job after Futurama writing for Star Trek: Enterprise.
/m/01vg13	Brooklyn College is a senior college of the City University of New York, located in Brooklyn, New York, United States.\nEstablished in 1930 by the New York City Board of Higher Education, the College had its beginnings as the Downtown Brooklyn branches of Hunter College and the City College of New York. With the merger of these branches, Brooklyn College became the first public coeducational liberal arts college in New York City. The 26-acre campus is known for its great beauty, and is often regarded as \"the poor man's Harvard\" because of its low tuition and reputation for academic excellence.\nThe 2003 edition of The Best 345 Colleges, published by The Princeton Review, ranked Brooklyn College #1 for Most Beautiful Campus and in the Top Ten for Best Academic Value, Diversity, and Location. The College ranked in the top 2 nationally for the second consecutive year in Princeton Review’s 2006 guidebook, America’s Best Value Colleges. Brooklyn College was ranked as one of America’s Top Fifty Best Value Public Colleges for 2009 by The Princeton Review in its annual survey.
/m/0bk1p	Queen are a British rock band formed in London in 1970, originally consisting of Freddie Mercury, Brian May, John Deacon, and Roger Taylor. Queen's earliest works were influenced by progressive rock, hard rock and heavy metal, but the band gradually ventured into more conventional and radio-friendly works, incorporating further diverse styles into their music.\nBefore joining Queen, Brian May and Roger Taylor had been playing together in a band named Smile with bassist Tim Staffell. Freddie Mercury was a fan of Smile, and encouraged them to experiment with more elaborate stage and recording techniques after Staffell's departure in 1970. Mercury himself joined the band shortly thereafter, changed the name of the band to \"Queen\", and adopted his familiar stage name. John Deacon was recruited prior to recording their eponymous debut album. Queen enjoyed success in the UK with their debut and its follow-up, Queen II, but it was the release of Sheer Heart Attack and A Night at the Opera that gained the band international success. The latter featured \"Bohemian Rhapsody\", which stayed at number one in the UK Singles Chart for nine weeks; it charted at number one in several other territories, and gave the band their first top ten hit on the US Billboard Hot 100. Their 1977 album, News of the World, contained two of rock's most recognisable anthems, \"We Will Rock You\" and \"We Are the Champions\". By the early 1980s, Queen were one of the biggest stadium rock bands in the world, and their performance at 1985's Live Aid is widely regarded as one of the greatest in rock history. In 1991, Mercury died of bronchopneumonia, a complication of AIDS, and Deacon retired in 1997. Since then, May and Taylor have infrequently performed together, including a collaboration with Paul Rodgers under the name Queen + Paul Rodgers which ended in May 2009.
/m/0h584v	Elizabeth \"Liz\" Sarnoff is an American television writer and producer.\nShe has written episodes of NYPD Blue, Crossing Jordan, Deadwood and Lost. She is the co-creator of the FOX crime/mystery series Alcatraz.
/m/0421st	Shelley Alexis Duvall is an American film and television actress. Duvall began her career as a muse for Robert Altman, starring in a multitude of his films in the 1970s, including Brewster McCloud, Thieves Like Us, Nashville, and 3 Women which won her the Cannes Film Festival Award for Best Actress as well as a BAFTA nomination for Best Actress. Duvall had a supporting role in Annie Hall before starring in lead roles in Altman's Popeye, and Stanley Kubrick's The Shining.\nLater, Duvall had roles in Terry Gilliam's Time Bandits, Tim Burton's Frankenweenie, and Jane Campion's The Portrait of a Lady. She is also an Emmy-nominated producer, responsible for Faerie Tale Theatre and other kid-friendly programming.
/m/0n6mc	Washoe County is a county located in the U.S. state of Nevada. As of the 2010 census, the population was 421,407. Its county seat is Reno. Washoe County includes the Reno-Sparks metropolitan area.
/m/02nwxc	Lili Anne Taylor is an American actress notable for her appearances in such award-winning indie films as Mystic Pizza, Say Anything..., Short Cuts and I Shot Andy Warhol, as well as the acclaimed TV show Six Feet Under. She has also appeared in several big-budget films such as Ransom, The Haunting and The Conjuring.
/m/02rvwt	Hindustani classical music is the Hindustani or North Indian style of Indian classical music found throughout the northern Indian subcontinent. The style is sometimes called North Indian classical music or Shāstriya Sangīt. It is a tradition that originated in Vedic ritual chants and has been evolving since the 12th century CE, primarily in what is now North India, Pakistan and Bangladesh and to some extent in Nepal and Afghanistan. Today, it is one of the two subgenres of Indian classical music, the other being Carnatic music, the classical tradition of South India.
/m/02wwr5n	Pachuca Club de Fútbol is a Mexican football team based in Pachuca, Hidalgo. They compete in the Mexican Premier Division League. In the last ten years, the club has been one of the most successful clubs in Mexico, winning five national championships, four CONCACAF Champions' Cups, the 2007 SuperLiga, defeating MLS' L.A. Galaxy and one Copa Sudamericana in 2006 making Pachuca the first CONCACAF team to win a CONMEBOL tournament. Pachuca has played in Mexican Primera División since 1998 after decades of being a team that spent most of the time between the 1st and 2nd divisions in Mexico. It is also a founding member of the Mexican Primera División. Pachuca is still one of the most successful clubs in Mexican Primera División.
/m/08ns5s	In American football and Canadian football, the term long snapper refers to a player who is a specialized center during punts, field goals, and extra point attempts. His job is to snap the ball as quickly and accurately as possible.\nDuring field goals and point after touchdown, the snap is received by the holder typically 7-8 yards away. During punt plays the snap is delivered to the punter from 13-15 yards away. Following the snap, the snapper often executes a blocking assignment, and on a punt he must cover the kick. A good, consistent long snapper is hard to find, and many marginally talented players have found a niche exclusively as long snappers.\nA \"bad snap\" is an off-target snap which causes the delay of a kick or the failure of a play. According to Kohl's kicking, a good long snap should hit the target in under 0.75 seconds
/m/0534nr	Dave Goelz is a puppeteer best known for his association with The Muppets, and in particular with the Muppet character The Great Gonzo. His other Muppet characters include Bunsen Honeydew, Zoot, Beauregard the stagehand and Tiny . He also performed the characters of Boober Fraggle and Uncle Travelling Matt on Fraggle Rock. He also performed the puppetry for various characters, including Sir Didymus and Wiseman's Hat in Labyrinth. Outside of puppeteering, he is the current voice actor for the Disney character Figment. After Jim Henson died in 1990, Goelz took over puppeteering Waldorf in 1992.
/m/02cff1	Georgina \"Gina\" McKee is an English actor known for her television roles in Our Friends in the North, The Lost Prince and The Forsyte Saga; and her portrayal of Bella in the film Notting Hill; and her portrayal of Caterina Sforza in the Showtime series The Borgias.
/m/0894_x	Kader Khan is an Indian film actor, comedian, script and dialogue writer and Director. He graduated from Ismail Yusuf College affiliated to Bombay University. Before entering the film industry he taught at M. H. Saboo Siddik College of Engineering, Mumbai as a professor of Civil Engineering.
/m/0sw0q	The Andy Griffith Show is an American sitcom first televised on CBS between October 3, 1960 and April 1, 1968. Andy Griffith portrays the widowed sheriff of the fictional small community of Mayberry, North Carolina. His life is complicated by an inept, but well-meaning deputy, Barney Fife, a spinster aunt and housekeeper, Aunt Bee, and a precocious young son, Opie. Local ne'er-do-wells, bumbling pals, and temperamental girlfriends further complicate his life. Griffith said in a Today Show interview, about the time-period of the show: \"Well, though we never said it, and though it was shot in the 1960s, it had a feeling of the 1930s. It was when we were doing it, of a time gone by.\"\nThe series never placed lower than seventh in the Nielsen ratings and ended its final season at number one. It has been ranked by TV Guide as the 9th-best show in American television history. Though neither Griffith nor the show won awards during its eight-season run, series co-stars Knotts and Bavier accumulated a combined total of six Emmy Awards. The show, a semi-spin-off from an episode of The Danny Thomas Show titled \"Danny Meets Andy Griffith\", spawned its own spin-off series, Gomer Pyle, U.S.M.C., a sequel series, Mayberry R.F.D., and a reunion telemovie, Return to Mayberry. The show's enduring popularity has generated a good deal of show-related merchandise. Black and white reruns currently air on TV Land, and the complete series is available on DVD. All eight seasons are also now available by streaming video services such as Netflix.
/m/01x4x4	SkyTeam is an airline alliance with its centralised management team, SkyTeam Central, based at the World Trade Center Schiphol Airport on the grounds of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol in Haarlemmermeer, Netherlands. SkyTeam was founded in 2000 by Aeroméxico, Air France, Delta Air Lines, and Korean Air. SkyTeam was the last of the three major airline alliances to be formed, the first two being Star Alliance and Oneworld. However, in terms of the number of passengers and the number of members, SkyTeam has grown and is now the second largest alliance in the world, second only to Star Alliance and ahead of Oneworld. As of November 2012, SkyTeam consists of 19 carriers from five continents, and operates with the slogan \"Caring more about you\". It also operates a cargo alliance named SkyTeam Cargo, which partners ten carriers —all of them SkyTeam members— following the entrance of China Airlines Cargo in October 2012.\nIn 2004, the alliance had its biggest expansion when Continental Airlines, KLM, and Northwest Airlines simultaneously joined as full members. In 2010, the alliance celebrated its 10th anniversary with the introduction of a special livery, the joining or upgrading status of four airlines, followed by the announcements of Aerolíneas Argentinas, China Airlines, and Garuda Indonesia to become full members. In January 2011, the alliance announced the incorporation of both Saudi Arabian Airlines and Middle East Airlines during 2012; these events effectively took place in May and June 2012, respectively, whereas Aerolíneas Argentinas and Xiamen Airlines memberships were activated in August and November the same year, respectively.
/m/0kc9f	Disney Channel is an American basic cable and satellite television channel that is owned by Disney Channels Worldwide, a unit of the Disney-ABC Television Group, a Disney Media Networks unit, itself a division of The Walt Disney Company. Aimed mainly at all ages, its programming consists of original first-run television series, theatrically-released and original made-for-cable movies and select other third-party programming. The channel – which formerly operated as a premium service – originally marketed its programs towards families, and then at younger children by the late 1990s, although its viewing audience has diversified since the mid-2000s to include older teenagers and adults.\nThe U.S. channel is also the flagship property of Disney Channels Worldwide.\nAs of August 2013, Disney Channel is available to approximately 98,142,000 television households in the United States.
/m/0f1pyf	Keith Joseph Andrews is an Irish association footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Football League Championship team Brighton & Hove Albion on loan from divisional rivals Bolton Wanderers and the Republic of Ireland national team.\nAndrews began his career at Wolves, where he was their youngest captain for more than a century. His club career has also involved stints at Hull City and Milton Keynes Dons, as well as loan spells at Oxford United, Stoke City and Walsall while he was at Wolves. While at Milton Keynes Dons he was club captain, helped secure promotion for his team with a vital goal, helped win his team the Football League Trophy by scoring in the final at Wembley and was named in the PFA Team of the Year. He played for Ireland at UEFA Euro 2012.
/m/0jrjb	Lee County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida. As of the 2010 census, the population was 618,754. The county seat is Fort Myers, and the largest city is Cape Coral.\nThe county is coextensive with the Cape Coral-Fort Myers, Florida Metropolitan Statistical Area, a metropolitan statistical area designated by the Office of Management and Budget and used for statistical purposes by the United States Census Bureau and other agencies. The MSA was first defined as the Fort Myers, Florida Standard Metropolitan Statistical Area in 1973. In 1981 Cape Coral was added as a principal city, and the MSA was renamed the Fort Myers-Cape Coral, Florida Standard Metropolitan Statistical Area. In 1983, the name was changed to Fort Myers, Florida Metropolitan Statistical Area. In 1990 it became the Fort Myers-Cape Coral, Florida Metropolitan Statistical Area. In 2003 the name was changed to its present form.
/m/0m9_5	East Carolina University is a public, coeducational, doctoral/research university in Greenville, North Carolina, United States. Named East Carolina University by statute and commonly known as ECU or East Carolina, the university is the third-largest university in North Carolina and the fastest-growing campus in the University of North Carolina system for six consecutive years.\nFounded on March 8, 1907 as a teacher training school, today East Carolina is listed by Forbe's Magazine as a \"Best Buy\" and 181st among \"national universities\" by U.S. News & World Report. It has historical academic strengths in education, nursing, business, music, theater, and medicine, and offers over 100 Bachelor degree programs, 85 master's degrees, 21 doctoral programs, Doctor of Medicine, Doctor of Dental Medicine, and 62 certificates.\nEast Carolina has grown from 43 acres in 1907 to almost 1,600 acres today. The university's academic facilities are located on four properties: Main, Health Sciences, West Research facility, and the Field Station for Coastal Studies in New Holland, North Carolina. The nine undergraduate colleges, graduate school, and four professional schools are all located on these four properties. All of the non-health sciences majors are located on the main campus. The College of Nursing, College of Allied Health Sciences, The Brody School of Medicine and School of Dental Medicine are located on the health science campus. There are nine social sororities, 16 social fraternities, four historically black sororities, five historically black fraternities, one Native American fraternity, and one Native American sorority. There are over 300 registered clubs on campus including fraternities and sororities.
/m/02630g	Gannett Company, Inc. is a publicly traded media holding company headquartered in Tysons Corner, Virginia, near McLean in Greater Washington DC. It is the largest U.S. newspaper publisher as measured by total daily circulation. Its assets include the national newspaper USA Today and the weekly USA Weekend. Its largest non-national newspaper is The Arizona Republic in Phoenix, Arizona. Other significant newspapers include The Indianapolis Star, The Cincinnati Enquirer, The Tennessean in Nashville, Tennessee, The Courier-Journal in Louisville, Kentucky, the Democrat and Chronicle in Rochester, NY, The Des Moines Register, the Detroit Free Press and The News-Press in Fort Myers. Gannett owns or operates 43 television stations through Gannett Broadcasting, Inc. and is the largest group owner of stations affiliated with NBC and CBS. Gannett also holds substantial properties in digital media including PointRoll, BNQT Media Group, Planet Discover, Ripple6 and ShopLocal through Gannett Digital.
/m/0gs7x	Gertrude Stein was an American writer of novels, poetry and plays that eschewed the narrative, linear, and temporal conventions of 19th-century literature, and a fervent collector of Modernist art. She was born in West Allegheny, Pennsylvania, raised in Oakland, California, and moved to Paris in 1903, making France her home for the remainder of her life.\nFor some forty years, the Stein home at 27 rue de Fleurus on the Left Bank of Paris was a renowned Saturday evening gathering place for both expatriate American artists and writers and others noteworthy in the world of vanguard arts and letters, most notably Pablo Picasso. Entrée into the Stein salon was a sought-after validation, and Stein became combination mentor, critic, and guru to those who gathered around her, including Ernest Hemingway, who described the salon in A Moveable Feast.\nIn 1933, Stein published a kind of memoir of her Paris years, The Autobiography of Alice B. Toklas, written in the voice of Toklas, her life partner. The book became a literary bestseller and vaulted Stein from the relative obscurity of cult literary figure into the light of mainstream attention.
/m/02lx0	East Timor or Timor-Leste, officially the Democratic Republic of Timor-Leste, is a country in Australasia. It comprises the eastern half of the island of Timor, the nearby islands of Atauro and Jaco, and Oecusse, an exclave on the northwestern side of the island, within Indonesian West Timor. The country's size is about 15,410 km.\nEast Timor was colonised by Portugal in the 16th century, and was known as Portuguese Timor until Portugal's decolonisation of the country. In late 1975, East Timor declared its independence but later that year was invaded and occupied by Indonesia and was declared Indonesia's 27th province the following year. In 1999, following the United Nations-sponsored act of self-determination, Indonesia relinquished control of the territory, and East Timor became the first new sovereign state of the 21st century on May 20, 2002. After independence, East Timor became a member of the United Nations and the Community of Portuguese Language Countries. It is one of only two predominantly Roman Catholic countries in Asia, the other being the Philippines.\nEast Timor has a lower-middle-income economy. About 37.4% of the country's population lives below the international poverty line – which means living on less than U.S. $1.25 per day – and about 50% of the population is illiterate. It continues to suffer the aftereffects of a decades-long struggle for independence against Indonesian occupation, which severely damaged the country's infrastructure and killed at least a hundred thousand people. The country is placed 134th on the Human Development Index. Nonetheless, East Timor is expected to have the sixth-largest percentage growth in GDP in the world for 2013.
/m/049dyj	Kevin Nealon is an American actor and comedian, best known as a cast member on Saturday Night Live from 1986 to 1995, acting in several of the Happy Madison films, for playing Doug Wilson on the Showtime series Weeds, and providing the voice of the title character, Glenn Martin, on Glenn Martin, DDS.
/m/01gc8c	Timmins is a city in northeastern Ontario, Canada on the Mattagami River. At the time of the Canada 2011 Census, Timmins' population was 43,165. At 2,961.52 square kilometres, Timmins was Canada's largest municipality in land area until 1995, when the regional municipality of Wood Buffalo, Alberta, was created, although it remained the largest municipality in Ontario until 2001, when it was superseded by the newly amalgamated cities of Kawartha Lakes and Greater Sudbury. It is the 69th largest metropolitan area in Canada, although the statistical boundaries for Timmins' metropolitan area coincide with its municipal boundaries.
/m/054fvj	Anthony Cris Collinsworth is a former American college and professional football player who was a wide receiver in the National Football League for eight seasons during the 1980s. He played college football for the University of Florida, and was recognized as an All-American. A second-round pick in the 1981 NFL Draft, he played his entire professional career for the Cincinnati Bengals of the NFL. Collinsworth now works as an Emmy Award-winning television sportscaster for NBC, Showtime, and the NFL Network.
/m/0hc1z	Apocalyptic fiction is a sub-genre of science fiction that is concerned with the end of human civilization. This apocalypse is typically portrayed as being due to a potentially existential catastrophe such as nuclear warfare, pandemic, extraterrestrial attack, impact event, cybernetic revolt, technological singularity, dysgenics, supernatural phenomena, divine judgment, runaway climate change, resource depletion, ecological collapse, or some other general disasters. Post-apocalyptic fiction is set in a world or civilization after such a disaster. The time frame may be immediately after the catastrophe, focusing on the travails or psychology of survivors, or considerably later, often including the theme that the existence of pre-catastrophe civilization has been forgotten. Post-apocalyptic stories often take place in a non-technological future world, or a world where only scattered elements of technology remain.\nThe genre gained popularity after World War II, when the possibility of global annihilation by nuclear weapons entered the public consciousness. However, recognizable apocalyptic novels had existed since the first quarter of the 19th century, when Mary Shelley's The Last Man was published.
/m/03p2xc	Bob Roberts is a 1992 film written and directed by Tim Robbins. It is a satirical mockumentary, chronicling the rise of Bob Roberts, a right-wing conservative politician who is a candidate for an upcoming United States Senate election. Roberts is well financed, due mainly to past business dealings, and is well known for his music, which presents conservative ideas with gusto.\nThe film is Robbins' directorial debut, and is based on a short segment of the same name and featuring the same character that Robbins did for Saturday Night Live on December 13, 1986.
/m/08lr6s	The Scarlet Letter is a 1995 American film adaptation of the Nathaniel Hawthorne novel of the same name. It was directed by Roland Joffé and stars Demi Moore, Gary Oldman, and Robert Duvall. This version was \"freely adapted\" from Hawthorne and deviated from the original story. Universally panned by critics, the film was also a box office bomb. It was nominated for seven Golden Raspberry Awards at the 1995 ceremony, winning \"Worst Remake or Sequel.\"
/m/0b7gr2	Mike B. Anderson, sometimes credited as Mikel B. Anderson, is a television director who works on The Simpsons and has directed numerous episodes of the show, and was animated in \"The Secret War of Lisa Simpson\" as cadet Anderson. While a college student, he directed the live action feature films Alone in the T-Shirt Zone and Kamillions. Since 1990, he has worked primarily in animation including being a consulting producer on the series, \"The Oblongs\", and story consultant on \"Tripping the Rift\".\nHe has won two Emmy Awards for directing Simpsons episodes, \"Homer's Phobia\" in 1997 and \"HOMR\" in 2001. For \"Homer's Phobia\" he won the Annie Award for Best Individual Achievement: Directing in a TV Production, and the WAC Winner Best Director for Primetime Series at the 1998 World Animation Celebration. Mike was also a sequence director on \"The Simpsons Movie\", was the supervising director on \"The Simpsons Ride\" at Universal Studios and is currently the supervising director for \"The Simpsons\" television series.
/m/071tyz	The Master of Philosophy is an advanced postgraduate research degree.\nThe prerequisites required for a Master of Philosophy make it the most advanced research degree before the Doctor of Philosophy. An M.Phil. is in most cases thesis-only, and is regarded as a senior or second Master's degree, standing between a taught Master's and a Ph.D. An M.Phil. may be awarded to graduate students, after completing several years of original research but before the defence of a dissertation, and can serve as a provisional enrollment for a Ph.D.
/m/01xcqc	Oliver Burgess Meredith, known professionally as Burgess Meredith, was an American actor in theatre, film, and television, who also worked as a director. Active for more than six decades, Meredith has been called \"a virtuosic actor\" who was \"one of the most accomplished actors of the century\". A life member of The Actors Studio by invitation, Meredith won several Emmys, was the first man to win the Saturn Award for Best Supporting Actor twice, and was nominated for two Academy Awards.
/m/046n4q	RKC Waalwijk is a football club currently playing in the Eredivisie. Its name is derived from 'Rooms Katholieke Combinatie' and was a fusion club of HEC, WVB and Hercules.
/m/027jw0c	Constantin Film AG is a German film production and film distribution company, based in Munich, Germany.
/m/05ftw3	The University of the Punjab, is a public research university located in the downtown area of Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan. It is the oldest and largest public university in Pakistan. With multiple campuses in Gujranwala, Jhelum, and Khanspur, the university was formally established by the British Government after convening the first meeting for establishing higher education institutions in October 1882 at Simla. The Punjab University was the fourth university to be established by the British colonial authorities in the South Asia; the first three universities were established in other parts of India.\nThe university offers a wide range of undergraduate, post-graduate, and doctoral programmes and various institutes in Punjab are affiliated with the Punjab University.\nApproximately ~30,000 enrolled students are currently attending the university, the PU has total of 13 faculties within which there are 63 academic departments, research centers, and institutes. The Punjab University has ranked first amongst large-sized multiple faculty universities by the HEC in 2012. There are also two Nobel Laureates amongst the university's alumni and former staff. Additionally, the university is also a member of Association of Commonwealth Universities of the United Kingdom.
/m/02qr46y	Brideshead Revisited is a 1981 British television serial produced by Granada Television for broadcast by the ITV network. The serial is an adaptation of Evelyn Waugh's novel Brideshead Revisited. Although John Mortimer was given a credit in the titles, Valerie Grove's A Voyage Round John Mortimer revealed that Mortimer's script was never used and that the series was actually written by the producer Derek Granger and others. The bulk of the serial was directed by Charles Sturridge, with a few sequences filmed by Michael Lindsay-Hogg.\nBroadcast in eleven episodes, the serial premiered on ITV in the UK on 12 October 1981, on CBC Television in Canada on 19 October 1981, and as part of the Great Performances series on PBS in the United States on 18 January 1982.\nIn 2000, the serial placed tenth on a list of the 100 Greatest British Television Programmes compiled by the British Film Institute, based on a poll of industry professionals. In 2007, the serial was listed as one of Time magazine's \"100 Best TV Shows of All-Time.\" In 2010 it was placed second in The Guardian newspaper's list of the top 50 TV dramas of all time.
/m/09g_31	Ben 10 is an American animated series created by Man of Action, and produced by Cartoon Network Studios. The series is about a 10 year old boy named Ben Tennyson who gets a watch-like alien device called the \"Omnitrix\". Attached to his wrist, this allows him to transform into various alien creatures. He then uses these powers to fight evil from earth and space.\nThe pilot episode aired on December 27, 2005, as part of a sneak peek of Cartoon Network's Saturday morning lineup. The second episode was shown as a special on Cartoon Network's Fridays on January 13, 2006, and the final regular episode aired on April 15, 2008.\nThe series gradually became popular among audiences, evolving into a franchise, being nominated for two Emmy Awards, winning one for \"Outstanding Individual Achievement in Animation\". Ben 10 was succeeded by Ben 10: Alien Force, which itself was succeeded in April 2010 by Ben 10: Ultimate Alien. A new series called Ben 10: Omniverse premiered in September 2012.
/m/03cvfg	Michael Fred Phelps II is a retired American swimmer and the most decorated Olympian of all time, with a total of 22 medals. Phelps also holds the all-time records for Olympic gold medals, Olympic gold medals in individual events, and Olympic medals in individual events for a male. In winning eight gold medals at the 2008 Beijing Games, Phelps took the record for the most first-place finishes at any single Olympic Games. Five of those victories were in individual events, tying the single Games record. In the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, Phelps won four golds and two silver medals, making him the most successful athlete of the Games for the third Olympics in a row.\nPhelps is the long course world recordholder in the 100-meter butterfly, 200-meter butterfly and 400-meter individual medley as well as the former long course world recordholder in the 200-meter freestyle and 200-meter individual medley. He has won a total of 71 medals in major international long-course competition, 57 gold, 11 silver, and three bronze spanning the Olympics, the World, and the Pan Pacific Championships. Phelps's international titles and record-breaking performances have earned him the World Swimmer of the Year Award seven times and American Swimmer of the Year Award nine times as well as the FINA Swimmer of the Year Award in 2012. His unprecedented Olympic success in 2008 earned Phelps Sports Illustrated magazine's Sportsman of the Year award.
/m/02hgm4	The Grammy Award for Best Jazz Instrumental Album is an award that was first presented in 1959.\nThe Award was previously called Best Instrumental Jazz Album, Individual or Group from 1959 to 2011. The award was shortened to Best Jazz Instrumental Album in 2012, while largely instrumental jazz albums that previously fell under the Best Contemporary Jazz Album and Best Latin Jazz Album categories now also fell under the Best Jazz Instrumental Album category. A year later, the Best Latin Jazz Album category returned, disallowing albums in that category to be nominated and/or honoured for the Best Jazz Instrumental Album category.
/m/06n3y	South America is a continent located in the Western Hemisphere, mostly in the Southern Hemisphere, with a relatively small portion in the Northern Hemisphere. It can also be considered as a subcontinent of the Americas.\nIt is bordered on the west by the Pacific Ocean and on the north and east by the Atlantic Ocean; North America and the Caribbean Sea lie to the northwest. It includes twelve sovereign states – Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Ecuador, Guyana, Paraguay, Peru, Suriname, Uruguay, and Venezuela – and two non-sovereign areas – French Guiana, an overseas region of France, and the Falkland Islands, a British Overseas Territory. In addition to this, the ABC islands of the Netherlands may also be considered part of South America.\nSouth America has an area of 17,840,000 square kilometers. Its population as of 2005 has been estimated at more than 371,090,000. South America ranks fourth in area and fifth in population.\nMost of the population lives near the western or eastern coasts of the continent while the interior and the far south are sparsely populated. The geography of western South America is dominated by the Andes mountains; in contrast, the eastern part contains both highland regions and large river basins such as the Amazon, Paraná and Orinoco. Most of the continent lies in the tropics.
/m/03_kl4	Virgin Interactive was a British video game publisher. It was formed as Virgin Games Ltd. in 1981. The company became much larger after purchasing the budget label, Mastertronic in 1987. It was part of the Virgin Group. In 1994 it was renamed Virgin Interactive.
/m/056zf9	Club de Fútbol Puebla is a Mexican football club based in the city of Puebla, Mexico, competing in the Liga MX. The team's white home jersey features its iconic blue sash, which crosses the chest diagonally from the right shoulder to the waist.\nSince 1904 the city of Puebla has practiced football. First in 1904 with club Puebla A.C. founded by Englishmen who integrated into the Mexican football league during the amateur era. In 1944 and 1949, Puebla F.C. gained second, third and three fourth-place finishes in league play; in the 1944–45 season, they won their first Copa México, thereby paving the road for one of the great football clubs in Mexico. During the 1953–54 season, they managed their second Copa México title. Puebla took home their first league title in the 1982–83 season after defeating Guadalajara on penalty kicks. A third Copa México was accomplished after the 1987–88 season, and in the 1989–90 season they won both their fourth Copa México and their second league title after beating Universidad de Guadalajara. This feat earned the team the right to be counted among the exclusive \"Campeónísimo\" club. In 1991, they defeated Police F.C. from Trinidad and Tobago for their first CONCACAF championship.
/m/02z44tp	Rich Man, Poor Man is a 1976 American television miniseries that aired on ABC in one or two hour episodes mostly on Monday nights over seven weeks, beginning February 1. It was produced by Universal Television and was the second time programming of this nature had been attempted. The first TV miniseries, QB VII, had aired — also on ABC — in 1974. These projects proved to be a critical and ratings success and were the forerunner for similar projects based on literary works, such as Roots. The film stars Peter Strauss, Nick Nolte and Susan Blakely.\nIt spawned the sequel Rich Man, Poor Man Book II, which aired from September 1976 through March 1977. The network repeated the original series Tuesday nights at 9:00pm from May to June 1977.
/m/04fhxp	Steven James \"Steve\" Zahn is an American actor and comedian.
/m/02hh8j	Claude Berri was a French actor, writer, producer, director, and distributor.
/m/014dgf	A sale is the act of selling a product or service in return for money or other compensation. Signalling completion of the prospective stage, it is the beginning of an engagement between customer and vendor or the extension of that engagement.\nThe seller or salesperson – the provider of the goods or services – completes a sale in response to an acquisition or to an appropriation or to a request. There follows the passing of title in the item, and the application and due settlement of a price, the obligation for which arises due to the seller's requirement to pass ownership. Ideally, a seller agrees upon a price at which he willingly parts with ownership of or any claim upon the item. The purchaser, though a party to the sale, does not execute the sale, only the seller does that. To be precise the sale completes prior to the payment and gives rise to the obligation of payment. If the seller completes the first two above stages of the sale prior to settlement of the price, the sale remains valid and gives rise to an obligation to pay.
/m/01tv5c	Modern architecture is generally characterized by simplification of form and an absence of applied decoration. It is a term applied to an overarching movement, with its exact definition and scope varying widely. In a broader sense, early modern architecture began at the turn of the 20th century with efforts to reconcile the principles underlying architectural design with rapid technological advancement and the modernization of society. It would take the form of numerous movements, schools of design, and architectural styles, some in tension with one another, and often equally defying such classification.\nThe concept of modernism is a central theme in these efforts. Gaining popularity after the Second World War, architectural modernism was adopted by many influential architects and architectural educators, and continues as a dominant architectural style for institutional and corporate buildings into the 21st century. Modernism eventually generated reactions, most notably Postmodernism which sought to preserve pre-modern elements, while Neomodernism emerged as a reaction to Postmodernism.\nNotable architects important to the history and development of the modernist movement include Le Corbusier, Ludwig Mies van der Rohe, Walter Gropius, Frank Lloyd Wright, Louis Sullivan, Gerrit Rietveld, Oscar Niemeyer and Alvar Aalto.
/m/0bt23	John Griffith \"Jack\" London was an American author, journalist, and social activist. He was a pioneer in the then-burgeoning world of commercial magazine fiction and was one of the first fiction writers to obtain worldwide celebrity and a large fortune from his fiction alone. Some of his most famous works include The Call of the Wild and White Fang, both set in the Klondike Gold Rush, as well as the short stories \"To Build a Fire\", \"An Odyssey of the North\", and \"Love of Life\". He also wrote of the South Pacific in such stories as \"The Pearls of Parlay\" and \"The Heathen\", and of the San Francisco Bay area in The Sea Wolf.\nLondon was a passionate advocate of unionization, socialism, and the rights of workers and wrote several powerful works dealing with these topics such as his dystopian novel The Iron Heel, his non-fiction exposé The People of the Abyss, and The War of the Classes.
/m/0qf43	Danny Boyle is an English film director, producer, screenwriter and theatre director, known for his work on films such as Slumdog Millionaire, Shallow Grave, 28 Days Later, 127 Hours and Trainspotting. Boyle won numerous awards for his 2008 film Slumdog Millionaire, including the Academy Award for Best Director. Boyle was presented with the Extraordinary Contribution to Filmmaking Award at the 2008 Austin Film Festival, where he also introduced that year's AFF Audience Award Winner Slumdog Millionaire. In 2012, Boyle was the Artistic Director for Isles of Wonder, the opening ceremony of the 2012 London Summer Olympic Games. He was subsequently offered a knighthood as part of the New Year Honours List, but declined. In 2014, it was announced that Boyle would become a patron of HOME in Manchester
/m/03_r_5	The Tunisia national football team, nicknamed Les Aigles de Carthage, is the national team of Tunisia and is controlled by the Tunisian Football Federation. They have qualified for four FIFA World Cups, the first one in 1978, but have yet to make it out of the first round. Nevertheless, they created history in that 1978 tournament in Argentina by becoming the first African side to win a World Cup match, beating Mexico 3–1. They also held defending champions West Germany to a goalless draw before bowing out. They have since qualified for the three tournaments in succession, in 1998, 2002 and 2006: they were the only African team to appear at both the 2002 and 2006 tournaments.\nTunisia also won the 2004 Africa Cup of Nations, when they hosted the tournament.
/m/03f7xg	Dead Ringers is a 1988 psychological drama and thriller starring Jeremy Irons in a dual role as identical twin gynecologists. Director David Cronenberg co-wrote the screenplay with Norman Snider; their script was based on the novel Twins by Bari Wood and Jack Geasland. The film is very loosely based on the lives of Stewart and Cyril Marcus.
/m/057176	Jesse Adam Eisenberg is an American actor and playwright. He made his screen debut with the comedy-drama television series Get Real. After his first leading role, in the film Roger Dodger, he appeared in the movies The Emperor's Club, The Squid and the Whale, The Living Wake and The Education of Charlie Banks.\nIn 2007, Eisenberg was honored with the Vail Film Festival Rising Star Award for his role as Mills Joquin in The Living Wake. In 2009, he starred in the comedy drama Adventureland and the horror comedy Zombieland, for which he won critical acclaim. He then played Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg in The Social Network, for which he received a Golden Globe and Academy Award nomination in the Best Actor category. He also starred in Holy Rollers, which was nominated for the Grand Jury Prize at the 2010 Sundance Film Festival. Since then, he has voiced the main character, Blu, in the animated film Rio, and starred in the comedy 30 Minutes or Less and the caper film Now You See Me. He will once again voice Blu in Rio 2, which is scheduled for a 2014 release. He will reunite with Kristen Stewart in the upcoming action-comedy film American Ultra which filming begins in April 2014. He will additionally portray Superman's nemesis Lex Luthor opposite Henry Cavill and Ben Affleck in the sequel to Man of Steel, which will be released in 2016.
/m/04zwjd	Lalo Schifrin is an Argentine pianist, composer, arranger and conductor. He is best known for his film and TV scores, such as the \"Theme from Mission: Impossible\". He has received four Grammy Awards and six Oscar nominations. Schifrin, associated with the jazz music genre, is also noted for work with Clint Eastwood in the late 1960s, 1970s and 1980s, particularly the Dirty Harry films.
/m/05rd8	The Pope is the Bishop of Rome and the leader of the worldwide Catholic Church. The importance of the Roman bishop is largely derived from his role as the traditional successor to Saint Peter, to whom Jesus gave the keys of Heaven and the powers of \"binding and loosing,\" naming him as the \"rock\" upon which the church would be built. The current pope is Francis, who was elected on 13 March 2013, succeeding Benedict XVI.\nThe office of the Pope is the papacy. His ecclesiastical jurisdiction is often called the \"Holy See\", or the \"Apostolic See\" based upon the Church tradition that the Apostles Saint Peter and Saint Paul were martyred in Rome. The pope is also head of state of Vatican City, a sovereign city-state entirely enclaved within the Italian capital city of Rome.\nThe papacy is one of the most enduring institutions in the world and has had a prominent part in world history. The popes in ancient times helped in the spread of Christianity and the resolution of various doctrinal disputes. In the Middle Ages they played a role of secular importance in Western Europe, often acting as arbitrators between Christian monarchs. Currently, in addition to the expansion of the Christian faith and doctrine, the popes are involved in ecumenism and interfaith dialog, charitable work, and the defense of human rights.
/m/02tktw	What Lies Beneath is a 2000 American supernatural horror film directed by Robert Zemeckis. It is the first film by ImageMovers. It stars Harrison Ford and Michelle Pfeiffer as a well-to-do couple who experience a strange haunting that uncovers secrets about their past.
/m/0fgg8c	College football has a long history at the University of Washington. The Washington Huskies have won 15 Pacific-10 Conference championships, seven Rose Bowl titles, and four national championships recognized by the NCAA. Washington's all-time record of 679-423-50 ranks 19th by all-time winning percentage and 22nd by all-time victories. The team has two of the nation's longest winning streaks, including an NCAA second-best of 39 wins in a row, holds the Division I-A unbeaten record at 63 consecutive games, and has had a total of twelve unbeaten seasons, including seven perfect seasons. Washington is one of four charter members of what became the Pacific-12 Conference and one of only two schools with uninterrupted membership from the beginning. From 1977 through 2003, Washington had 27 consecutive non-losing seasons—the most of any team in the Pac-12 and the 14th longest streak by an NCAA Division I-A team. Through the 2011 season, its 357 conference victories rank second in conference history. The Huskies play on campus in historic Husky Stadium and are currently coached by Chris Petersen.\nWashington is often referred to as one of the top Quarterback U's due to the long history of quarterbacks playing in the National Football League, including the second-most QB starts in NFL history. All but two of the last 19 starting quarterbacks dating back to 1970 have gone on to the NFL, the most recent being Jake Locker, drafted eighth overall by the Tennessee Titans in the 2011 NFL Draft.
/m/02bm1v	THQ Inc. was an American developer and publisher of video games. Founded in 1989 in Agoura Hills, California, the company developed products for video game consoles, handheld game consoles, as well as for personal computers and wireless devices. Its name derives from \"Toy Head-Quarters\" during the time when the company was a toy manufacturer in the early 1990s. THQ had offices in North America, Europe and the Asia Pacific region.\nThe company published both internally created and externally licensed content in its product portfolio. THQ's internally created games included the Saints Row series, the Red Faction series, MX vs. ATV, Company of Heroes, and the Dawn of War series, among others. The company also held exclusive, long-term licensing agreements with leading sports and entertainment content creators such as WWE, Nickelodeon, Disney and Pixar.\nAfter several years of financial struggles and an increasing amount of debt, THQ finally declared Chapter 11 bankruptcy in December 2012 and began liquidating its assets the following month with several properties either being acquired by third parties or auctioned off to other developers. In addition, most of the remaining staff were laid off.
/m/041xl	J.G. Ballard was a novelist
/m/01k9cc	Sevilla Fútbol Club, S.A.D., or simply Sevilla, is a Spanish football team located in Seville. It currently plays in Spain's top flight, La Liga. The club was founded on 14 October 1905 and played its first La Liga season in 1934–35. The team plays at the 45,500-capacity Estadio Ramón Sánchez Pizjuán in the Sevillian district of Nervión.\nSevilla is Spain's oldest football club and the most successful club in Andalusia, winning a national league title in 1945–46, and five Copas del Rey. On the European level, it has won two consecutive UEFA Cups and the 2006 UEFA Super Cup. Sevilla have competed 67 seasons in the First Division and 13 in Second, a record which places as the seventh-best team in the history of Spanish league football. They were designated by the International Federation of Football History & Statistics as the best club in the World in 2006 and 2007, currently the only team that has achieved this distinction in consecutive years. Sevilla's main rivalry is with their cross-city rivals Real Betis in the Seville derby.\nIts reserve side Sevilla Atlético, founded in 1958, currently play in the Segunda B, and the club are affiliated to a side in Puerto Rico of the same name. Other clubs related to Sevilla include their women's team, futsal team and former Superleague Formula team. In 2005 the centennial of Sevilla's foundation was celebrated with a variety of events across the city.
/m/06cm5	Raging Bull is a 1980 American biographical sports drama film directed by Martin Scorsese, produced by Robert Chartoff and Irwin Winkler and adapted by Paul Schrader and Mardik Martin from Jake LaMotta's memoir Raging Bull: My Story. It stars Robert De Niro as Jake LaMotta, an Italian American middleweight boxer whose self-destructive and obsessive rage, sexual jealousy, and animalistic appetite destroyed his relationship with his wife and family. Also featured in the film are Joe Pesci as Joey, La Motta's well-intentioned brother and manager who tries to help Jake battle his inner demons; and Cathy Moriarty as his abused wife. The film features supporting roles from Nicholas Colasanto, Theresa Saldana and Frank Vincent.\nScorsese was initially reluctant to develop the project, though he eventually came to relate to La Motta's story. Schrader re-wrote Martin's first screenplay, and Scorsese and De Niro together made uncredited contributions thereafter. Pesci was an unknown actor prior to the film, as was Moriarty, who was suggested for her role by Pesci. During principal photography, each of the boxing scenes was choreographed for a specific visual style and De Niro gained approximately 60 pounds to portray La Motta in his later post-boxing years. Scorsese was exacting in the process of editing and mixing the film, expecting it to be his last major feature.
/m/0bdg5	Bath is a city in the ceremonial county of Somerset in South West England. It is situated 97 miles west of London and 13 miles south-east of Bristol. At the 2011 census, the population of the city was 88,859. It was granted city status by Royal Charter by Queen Elizabeth I in 1590, and was made a county borough in 1889 which gave it administrative independence from its county, Somerset. The city became part of Avon when that county was created in 1974. Since 1996, when Avon was abolished, Bath has been the principal centre of the unitary authority of Bath and North East Somerset.\nThe city was first established as a spa with the Latin name, Aquae Sulis by the Romans sometime in the AD 60s about 20 years after they had arrived in Britain, although oral tradition suggests that Bath was known before then. They built baths and a temple on the surrounding hills of Bath in the valley of the River Avon around hot springs. Edgar was crowned king of England at Bath Abbey in 973. Much later, it became popular as a spa town during the Georgian era, which led to a major expansion that left a heritage of exemplary Georgian architecture crafted from Bath Stone.
/m/0dfcn	Oʻahu or Oahu, known as \"The Gathering Place\", is the third largest of the Hawaiian Islands; however, it is the most populous of the islands in the U.S. state of Hawaii while also having the primary Honolulu International Airport. The state capital, Honolulu, is on Oʻahu's southeast coast. Including small close-in offshore islands such as Ford Island and the islands in Kaneohe Bay and off the eastern coast, it has a total land area of 596.7 square miles, making it the 20th largest island in the United States. In the greatest dimension, this volcanic island is 44 miles long and 30 miles across. The length of the shoreline is 227 miles. The island is the result of two separate shield volcanoes: Waiʻanae and Koʻolau, with a broad \"valley\" or saddle between them. The highest point is Mt. Ka'ala in the Waiʻanae Range, rising to 4,003 feet above sea level.
/m/019mdt	Esporte Clube Bahia, known familiarly as Bahia, is a Brazilian professional football club, based in Salvador, Bahia. They play in the Campeonato Baiano, Bahia's state league, and the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A, Brazil's national league.\nBahia has won the Brasileirão title twice: in the 1959 season, defeating Santos' Santásticos which contained figures such as Gilmar, Mauro, Mengálvio, Coutinho, Pepe and Pelé, in the finals and in the 1988 season Bahia edged Internacional. Bahia has only appeared in the Copa Libertadores three times, reaching the quarterfinals in 1989, Bahia's best ever performance. The club has also won their state title a record 44 times.\nThe 2000s has been a dark age for the club as they have only won one state title. Furthermore, Bahia were relegated to Série B in 2003 and relegated, for the first time ever, to Série C in 2005, spending two seasons at the bottom of the Brazilian League System. In 2007, they were promoted back to the second level and, after a great campaign in 2010, the club found themselves back to Série A after eight seasons. Bahia played their home games at the 66,080 capacity Estádio Fonte Nova since 1951, but, after the disaster that occurred at the stadium in 2007, the Tricolor have played at the Estádio de Pituaçu. With the re-opening of the Fonte Nova stadium in 2013 as the Arena Fonte Nova, a modern arena built for the 2014 Fifa World Cup, Bahia switched its home stadium back to the old and beloved place. Their traditional home kit consists of white shirts with blue shorts and red socks. The club has a long-standing rivalry with national opponents Esporte Clube Vitória, and matches between the two sides are known as the Ba–Vi.
/m/09gdh6k	Hereafter is a 2010 American supernatural drama fantasy film directed, co-produced, and scored by Clint Eastwood, written by Peter Morgan and executive produced by Steven Spielberg. The film tells three parallel stories about three people affected by death in similar ways - all three have issues of communicating with the dead; Matt Damon plays American factory worker, George, who is able to communicate with the dead and who has worked professionally as a clairvoyant, but no longer wants to communicate with the dead; Cécile de France plays French television journalist, Marie, who survives a near-death experience during the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami; and twins Marcus and Jason, British boys touched by tragedy when Jason dies. Bryce Dallas Howard, Lyndsey Marshal, Jay Mohr, and Thierry Neuvic have supporting roles.\nMorgan sold the script on spec to DreamWorks in 2008, but it transferred to Warner Bros. by the time Eastwood had signed on to direct in 2009. Principal photography ran from October 2009 to February 2010 on locations in London, San Francisco, Paris, and Hawaii.\nHereafter premiered as a \"Special Presentation\" at the 2010 Toronto International Film Festival in September 2010. The film was given a limited release on October 15, 2010 and was released across North America on October 22, 2010. It was a box office success, but received mixed reviews, being criticized by the lack of focus on the story.
/m/0d2b38	A Storyboard artist is a profession specialized in creating storyboards for advertising agencies and film productions.\nA storyboard artist is able to visualize any stories using quick sketches on paper at any moment. Quick pencil drawings and marker renderings are two of the most common traditional techniques, although nowadays Flash, Photoshop, and other storyboard applications are gradually taking over. The digital camera is one of the latest techniques in creating storyboards.\nA storyboard artist is also known as an illustrator or visualizer. They are mostly freelance artists, typically hired by art directors and film directors. Deadlines are always tight, and overnight working is very common. Typically freelance storyboard artists will belong to one or more storyboard agencies much like an illustration agency.\nSome frequently used drawing applications are Corel Painter and Adobe Photoshop. Many storyboard artists nowadays begin and finish their work on computers using software and digital pencils like Wacom.\nStoryboard artists may use photos to create visuals where stock photos or photos taken specifically for the project are put together digitally to produce a photographic representation called a photovisual.
/m/09yg6l	Ismaily Sporting Club is an Egyptian professional football club, established in 1924 as a Nahda Sporting Club, based in Ismaïlia, Egypt. The club is best known for its football team.\nIsmaily won the Egyptian Premier League three times in 1967, 1991 and 2002, as well as the Egyptian Cup in 1997 and 2000. In 1969 the club won the CAF Champions League. That event, the first for an Egyptian team, was so monumental at the time that in many ways it remains a legendary victory in the minds of a whole generation. The club reached the CAF Champions League final match in 2003, but lost to Nigerian club Enyimba FC in a match that included many controversial incidents.\nIsmaily also is well known for being rich in skillful players and for the enjoyable style of play which is the reason they are known as The Egyptian Samba. However, the club is also known for being usually unsuccessful to translate these abilities into championships.\nIsmaily continues to face difficult circumstances in building and maintaining a team in a country where most of the population cheers for one of the two most established clubs Al-Ahly and El Zamalek situated in the capital of Egypt, Cairo. For the same reasons, it has been very difficult along the years for Ismaily club to manage to keep its top players at the club. It has been a repeated incident in the past years when superstar players of Ismaily are transferred to one of the two Egyptian giants, with or against the club's will.
/m/01l3mk3	Marvin Frederick Hamlisch was an American composer and conductor. He is one of only eleven EGOTs – winners of an Emmy, Grammy, Oscar, and Tony. He is one of ten people to win three or more Oscars in one night and the only non-director/screenwriter to do so. He is one of only two people to have won those four prizes and a Pulitzer Prize. Hamlisch also won two Golden Globes.
/m/04glx0	Hallmark Hall of Fame is an anthology program on American television, sponsored by Hallmark Cards, a Kansas City based greeting card company. The longest-running primetime series in the history of television, it has a historically long run, beginning during 1951 and continuing into 2013. From 1954 onward, all of its productions have been shown in color, although color television video productions were extremely rare in 1954. Many television movies have been shown on the program since its debut, though the program began with live telecasts of dramas and then changed to videotaped productions before finally changing to filmed ones.\nThe series has received eighty Emmy Awards, twenty-four Christopher Awards, eleven Peabody Awards, nine Golden Globes, and four Humanitas Prizes. Once a common practice in American television, it is the last remaining television program such that the title includes the name of the sponsor. Unlike other long-running TV series still on the air, it differs in that it broadcasts only occasionally and not on a weekly broadcast programming schedule.
/m/07_m2	Vincent Willem van Gogh was a post-Impressionist painter of Dutch origin whose work, notable for its rough beauty, emotional honesty and bold color, had a far-reaching influence on 20th-century art. After years of painful anxiety and frequent bouts of mental illness, he died aged 37 from a gunshot wound, generally accepted to be self-inflicted. His work was then known to only a handful of people and appreciated by fewer still.\nVan Gogh began to draw as a child, and he continued to draw throughout the years that led up to his decision to become an artist. He did not begin painting until his late twenties, completing many of his best-known works during the last two years of his life. In just over a decade, he produced more than 2,100 artworks, consisting of 860 oil paintings and more than 1,300 watercolors, drawings, sketches and prints. His work included self portraits, landscapes, still lifes, portraits and paintings of cypresses, wheat fields and sunflowers.\nVan Gogh spent his early adulthood working for a firm of art dealers, traveling between The Hague, London and Paris, after which he taught for a time in England at Isleworth and Ramsgate. One of his early aspirations was to become a pastor and from 1879 he worked as a missionary in a mining region in Belgium where he began to sketch people from the local community. In 1885, he painted his first major work The Potato Eaters. His palette at the time consisted mainly of somber earth tones and showed no sign of the vivid coloration that distinguished his later work. In March 1886, he moved to Paris and discovered the French Impressionists. Later, he moved to the south of France and was influenced by the strong sunlight he found there. His work grew brighter in color, and he developed the unique and highly recognizable style that became fully realized during his stay in Arles in 1888.
/m/01q7h2	The Firm is a 1993 American legal thriller film directed by Sydney Pollack and starring Tom Cruise, Jeanne Tripplehorn, Gene Hackman, Ed Harris, Holly Hunter, Hal Holbrook, and David Strathairn. The film is based on the 1991 novel The Firm by author John Grisham.
/m/0pmw9	Paul Allen Wood Shaffer, CM is a Canadian-American musician, actor, voice actor, author, comedian, and composer who has been David Letterman's musical director, band leader and sidekick since 1982.
/m/01vsgrn	Marshall Bruce Mathers III, better known by his stage name Eminem and by his alter ego Slim Shady, is an American rapper, record producer, songwriter, and actor. In addition to his solo career, Eminem is a member of his group D12, as well as one half of the hip hop duo Bad Meets Evil, alongside Royce da 5'9\". Eminem is one of the world's best-selling music artists and is the best-selling artist of the 2000s. He has been listed and ranked as one of the greatest artists of all time by many magazines, including Rolling Stone magazine which ranked him 82nd on its list of The 100 Greatest Artists of All Time. The same magazine declared him The King of Hip Hop. Including his work with D12 and Bad Meets Evil, Eminem has achieved ten number-one albums on the Billboard 200. Eminem has sold more than 80 million albums and over 120 million singles worldwide, making him one of the best-selling music artists of all time. As of early January 2012, he has sold 49.1 million albums and 42 million tracks in the United States alone.\nAfter releasing his independent debut album Infinite in August 1996, Eminem rose to mainstream popularity with the release of his February 1999 album The Slim Shady LP. The LP also earned Eminem his first Grammy Award for Best Rap Album. The Slim Shady LP was followed by The Marshall Mathers LP in May 2000 and The Eminem Show in late May 2002, both of which also won Best Rap Album Grammy Awards, making Eminem the first artist to win Best Rap Album for three consecutive LPs. This was followed by another studio release in November 2004 titled Encore. Eminem then went on hiatus after touring in 2005. He released his sixth album Relapse in May 2009. In June 2010, Eminem released his seventh studio album Recovery. Recovery was an international success and was named the best-selling album of 2010 worldwide, becoming the rapper's second album, after The Eminem Show, to become the internationally best-selling album of its year. Eminem won Grammy Awards for both Relapse and Recovery, giving him a total of 13 Grammys in his career. His eighth studio album, The Marshall Mathers LP 2 was released in early November 2013.
/m/0dckvs	Election 2, also known as Triad Election in the United States, is a 2006 Category III Hong Kong crime film directed by Johnnie To with a large ensemble cast that includes Louis Koo, Simon Yam and Nick Cheung. A sequel to the 2005 film Election, the film concludes the events of the first film centering on Lok, who this time struggles to keep his title as triad boss as a triad re-election draws near, while Jimmy attempts to retire as a triad to become a legitimate businessman.\nThis film enjoyed box office success in Hong Kong and being shown as an \"Official Selection\" at the 2006 Cannes Film Festival; afterwards, this film became a popular hit on the international film festival circuit.
/m/01k6y1	The Kingdom of Prussia was a German kingdom that existed between 1701 and 1918 and included parts of present-day Poland, Russia, Lithuania, Denmark, Belgium and the Czech Republic. It was the driving force behind the unification of Germany in 1871 and the creation of the German Empire. Although it took its name from the region called Prussia, it was based in Brandenburg, where its capital was Berlin.\nPrussia was a great power since its foundation as a kingdom, though it became a military power as a duchy under Frederick William, known as \"The Great Elector\".\nPrussia is considered the legal predecessor of the unified German Reich and a direct ancestor of the current German state.
/m/01z3d2	King's Lynn and West Norfolk is a local government district and borough in Norfolk, England. Its council is based in the town of King's Lynn.
/m/03nm_fh	Twilight is a 2008 American romantic fantasy film based on Stephenie Meyer's popular novel of the same name. Directed by Catherine Hardwicke, the film stars Kristen Stewart and Robert Pattinson. It is the first film in The Twilight Saga film series. This film focuses on the development of the relationship between Bella Swan and Edward Cullen, and the subsequent efforts of Cullen and his family to keep Swan safe from a coven of evil vampires.\nThe project was in development for approximately three years at Paramount Pictures, during which time a screen adaptation that differed significantly from the novel was written. Summit Entertainment acquired the rights to the novel after three years of the project's stagnant development. Melissa Rosenberg wrote a new adaptation of the novel shortly before the 2007–2008 Writers Guild of America strike and sought to be faithful to the novel's storyline. Principal photography took 44 days, and completed on May 2, 2008; the film was primarily shot in Oregon.\nTwilight was theatrically released on November 21, 2008, grossing over US$392 million worldwide. It was released on DVD March 21, 2009, and became the most purchased DVD of the year. The soundtrack was released on November 4, 2008. Following the film's success, New Moon and Eclipse, the next two novels in the series, were produced as films the following year.
/m/0d29z	Overseas Chinese are people of Chinese birth or descent who live outside the People's Republic of China and Republic of China. People of partial Chinese ancestry living outside the Greater China Area may also consider themselves overseas Chinese. Overseas Chinese can be of the Han Chinese ethnic majority, or from any of the other ethnic groups in China.
/m/09hd16	Arthur Carlton Cuse is an American screenwriter and producer, most famous as executive producer and screenwriter for the American television series Lost for which he made the Time Magazine list of the 100 most influential people in the world in 2010. Cuse is also considered a pioneer in transmedia storytelling.
/m/0kq39	Fresno County, officially the County of Fresno, is a county located in the Central Valley of the U.S. state of California, south of Stockton and north of Bakersfield. As of the 2010 U.S. Census, it is the tenth most populous county in California with a population of 930,450 and the sixth largest in size with an area of 6,017.4 square miles. The county seat is Fresno. Fresno is the fifth largest city in California.
/m/04gmp_z	William Allen Horning was an American multiple Academy Award winner. He was married to Esther Montgomery until his death.\nAt the 31st Academy Awards ceremony for 1958, Horning received a posthumous Academy Award for Best Art Direction for that year's Best Picture winner, Gigi. The following year, he received two additional posthumous Oscar nominations, one for Alfred Hitchcock's North by Northwest and another for the 1959 epic film Ben-Hur. At the 32nd Academy Awards ceremony, Horning won the Academy Award for Best Art Direction for Ben-Hur, that year's Best Picture winner. Like producer Sam Zimbalist, Horning was awarded his second Oscar posthumously, as both he and Zimbalist had died while the movie was still being filmed. To date, Horning is the only individual ever to win posthumous Academy Awards in consecutive ceremonies.
/m/0mmzt	Winchester is an independent city located in the northwestern portion of the Commonwealth of Virginia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 26,203. It is the county seat of Frederick County, although the two are separate jurisdictions. The Bureau of Economic Analysis combines the city of Winchester with surrounding Frederick County for statistical purposes.\nWinchester is the principal city of the Winchester, Virginia-West Virginia Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is a part of the Washington-Baltimore-Northern Virginia, DC-MD-VA-WV Combined Statistical Area. Winchester is home to Shenandoah University and the Museum of the Shenandoah Valley.
/m/0ncj8	Boulder is the county seat and most populous city of Boulder County and the 11th most populous city in the U.S. state of Colorado. Boulder is located at the base of the foothills of the Rocky Mountains at an elevation of 5,430 feet. The city is 25 miles northwest of Denver.\nThe United States Census Bureau reported that in 2010 the population of Boulder was 97,385, while the population of the Boulder Metropolitan Statistical Area was 294,567.\nBoulder is famous for its colorful Western history, being a choice destination for hippies in the late 1960s, and as home of the main campus of the University of Colorado, the state's largest university. Furthermore, the city of Boulder frequently acquires top rankings in health, well-being, quality of life, education, and art.
/m/0hmm7	The Conversation is a 1974 American psychological thriller film written, produced and directed by Francis Ford Coppola and starring Gene Hackman with supporting roles by John Cazale, Allen Garfield, Cindy Williams, Frederic Forrest, Harrison Ford and Robert Duvall.\nThe Conversation won the Palme d'Or at the 1974 Cannes Film Festival, and in 1995, it was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant\".\nOriginally, Paramount Pictures distributed the film worldwide. Paramount retains American rights to this day but international rights are now held by Miramax Films and StudioCanal in conjunction with American Zoetrope.\nThe Conversation was nominated for three Academy Awards in 1974. It lost Best Picture to The Godfather Part II, another Francis Ford Coppola film.
/m/07zhjj	How I Met Your Mother is an American sitcom that premiered on CBS on September 19, 2005. The series follows the main character, Ted Mosby, and his group of friends in Manhattan. As a framing device, Ted, in the year 2030, recounts to his son and daughter the events that led him to meeting their mother.\nThe show was created by Craig Thomas and Carter Bays, who also serve as the show's executive producers and frequent writers. The series was loosely inspired by their friendship when they both lived in New York City. Among the 184 episodes in the show's first 8 seasons, there were only four directors: Pamela Fryman, Rob Greenberg, Michael Shea, and Neil Patrick Harris.\nKnown for its unique structure and eccentric humor, How I Met Your Mother has received positive reviews throughout most of its run and has gained a cult following over the years. The show has been nominated for 28 Emmy Awards, winning nine. In 2010, Alyson Hannigan won the People's Choice Award for Favorite TV Comedy Actress. In 2012, seven years after its premiere, the series won the People's Choice Award for Favorite Network TV Comedy, and Neil Patrick Harris won the award for Favorite TV Comedy Actor.
/m/019n7x	Carson Jones Daly is an American television host, radio personality, and television personality. Prior to 2002, Daly was a VJ on MTV's TRL, and a DJ for the Southern California based radio station 106.7 KROQ-FM. In 2002, Daly joined NBC, where he began hosting the late night talk show Last Call with Carson Daly, and occasionally hosting special event programming for NBC, such as the Macy's Fourth of July fireworks show and New Year's Eve with Carson Daly from Times Square beginning in 2003. In 2011, Daly began a prominent role at NBC, hosting its reality music competition The Voice. In 2013, Daly joined NBC's morning show Today as a social media correspondent.\nDaly has also served as a radio DJ; he was formerly a nighttime host on the Los Angeles radio station KROQ-FM; beginning in 2010, Daly began hosting a morning show on its sister station KAMP-FM. He also co-founded an independent record label named 456 Entertainment.
/m/01nl79	Flushing, is a neighborhood in the north-central part of the New York City borough of Queens, in the United States.\nWhile much of the neighborhood is residential, Downtown Flushing, centered around the northern end of Main Street, is a large commercial and retail area and is the fourth largest central business district in New York City.\nFlushing's diversity is reflected by the numerous ethnic groups that reside there, including people of Asian, Hispanic, Middle Eastern, European, and African American ancestry. It is part of the Fifth Congressional District, which encompasses the entire northeastern shore of Queens County, and extends into neighboring Nassau County. Flushing is served by five railroad stations on the Long Island Rail Road Port Washington Branch, as well as the New York City Subway's IRT Flushing Line, which has its terminus at Main Street. The intersection of Main Street and Roosevelt Avenue is the third busiest intersection in New York City, behind only Times and Herald Squares.\nFlushing is part of Queens Community Board 7 and is bounded by Flushing Meadows–Corona Park to the west, Utopia Parkway to the east, the Long island Expressway to the south, and Willets Point Boulevard to the north.
/m/03d5m8w	The Clemson Tigers men's basketball team is a college basketball program that competes in the Atlantic Coast Conference in the NCAA Division I. The current head coach is Brad Brownell.
/m/0bkf72	Paul Junger Witt is an American film and television producer. He, with his partners Tony Thomas and Susan Harris, produced such hit TV shows as Here Come the Brides, The Partridge Family, The Golden Girls, Soap, Benson, Empty Nest and Blossom. He also produced the hit films Dead Poets Society, Three Kings and Insomnia. Witt is a graduate of the University of Virginia.
/m/07_fj54	Marmaduke is a summer 2010 comedy film based upon long-running comic strip of the same name which features misadventures of Marmaduke, the loveable great dane dog and the family he lives with. Written by Vince Di Meglio and Tim Rasmussen and directed by Tom Dey.
/m/02rnns	Craig Douglas Bellamy is a Welsh footballer who plays as a forward for Premier League club Cardiff City and the Welsh national team.\nBorn in Cardiff, Bellamy began his career with Norwich City. He went on to play for Coventry City and Newcastle United, before spending half a season on loan at Celtic in 2005. He returned to the Premier League later that year, playing for Blackburn Rovers, Liverpool, West Ham United and Manchester City.\nFor the 2010–11 season, Bellamy dropped down a division to the Championship in order to represent his boyhood club, Cardiff City, on a season-long loan. He moved to play at former club Liverpool the following season, before returning to Cardiff permanently. He later led Cardiff to the Premier League, the first time they had been in the top-flight for half a century.\nDuring his career, Bellamy has won the Championship, the League Cup, the Scottish Cup and the Community Shield. He also has been a runner-up in the FA Cup and Champions League. He has been criticised for his behaviour on and off the pitch, but has accumulated millions of pounds for charity and also established a football academy in Sierra Leone.\nHe made his senior debut for Wales in 1998 and over the next fifteen years gained 76 caps for his country and scored 19 goals. He was the Wales captain from 2007 to 2011, when he stepped down from the role due to injuries. Bellamy retired from international football, following the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualification campaign. He was also a member of the Great Britain Olympic team at the 2012 Olympics in London, appearing five times and scoring once.
/m/03thw4	Ernest Lehman was an American screenwriter. He received six Academy Award nominations during his career, without a single win. At the 73rd Academy Awards in 2001, he received an Honorary Academy Award for his ingenious and influential works for the screen that has inspired new generations of screenwriters and captivated filmmakers, actors, film critics, and audiences by the beauty of his screenwriting. He was the first screenwriter to receive that honor. The award was presented to him by friend and The Sound of Music star Julie Andrews.
/m/015m08	Emilia-Romagna is an administrative Region of Northern Italy, comprising the historical regions of Emilia and Romagna. Its capital is Bologna. It has an area of 22,446 km², and about 4.4 million inhabitants.\nEmilia-Romagna is one of the wealthiest and most developed regions in Europe, with the third highest GDP per capita in Italy. Bologna, its capital, has one of Italy's highest quality of life indices and advanced social services. Emilia-Romagna is also a cultural and tourist centre, being the home of the University of Bologna, one of the oldest universities in the world, containing Romanesque and Renaissance cities, being a centre for food and automobile production and having popular coastal resorts such as Rimini and Riccione.
/m/02zkdz	Eastern Illinois University is a state university located in Charleston, Illinois, United States. Established in 1895 as the Eastern Illinois State Normal School, a teacher's college offering a two-year degree, Eastern Illinois University gradually expanded into a comprehensive university with a broad curriculum, including Baccalaureate and Master's degrees in education, business, arts, sciences, and humanities.
/m/05mvd62	Ian Bryce is an English film producer. Starting as a production assistant on Star Wars Episode VI: Return of the Jedi he is now an award-winning film producer. He now lives with his two kids Alex and Mac and his wife Taylor.
/m/0clvcx	Phyllis Margaret Logan is a Scottish actress.
/m/07ym6ss	John Melfi is a United States–based television and movie producer noted for his work on Sex and the City, Rome, Nurse Jackie, and House of Cards.
/m/0m7yh	The University of Bonn is a public research university located in Bonn, Germany. Founded in its present form in 1818, as the linear successor of earlier academic institutions, the University of Bonn is today one of the leading universities in Germany. The University of Bonn offers a large number of undergraduate and graduate programs in a range of subjects. Its library holds more than two million volumes. The University of Bonn has 525 professors and 31,000 students. Among its notable alumni and faculty are seven Nobel Laureates, two Fields Medalists, twelve Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz Prize winners, Prince Albert, Pope Benedict XVI, Frederick III, Karl Marx, Heinrich Heine, Friedrich Nietzsche, Konrad Adenauer, and Joseph Schumpeter. In the years 2010, 2011 and 2013, the Times Higher Education ranked the University of Bonn as one of the 200 best universities in the world.
/m/0d8lm	String instruments are musical instruments that produce sound from vibrating strings. In most strings instruments, the vibrations are transmitted to the body of the instrument, which also vibrate, along the air inside it. In the Hornbostel-Sachs scheme of musical instrument classification, used in organology, they are called chordophones. Some common instruments in the string family are violin, guitar, sitar, electric bass, viola, cello, harp, double bass, rabab, banjo, mandolin, ukulele, and bouzouki.
/m/0z53k	The city of Lawton is the county seat of Comanche County, in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. Located in southwestern Oklahoma, approximately 87 miles southwest of Oklahoma City, it is the principal city of the Lawton, Oklahoma Metropolitan Statistical Area. According to the 2010 US Census, Lawton's population was 96,867, making it the fifth largest city in the state.\nBuilt on former reservation lands of Kiowa, Comanche, and Apache Indians, Lawton was founded on August 6, 1901, and was named after Major General Henry Ware Lawton, a Civil War Medal of Honor recipient who was killed in action in the Philippine–American War. Lawton's landscape is typical of the Great Plains with flat topography and gently rolling hills, while the area north of the city is marked by the Wichita Mountains.\nThe city's proximity to Fort Sill Military Reservation gave Lawton economic and population stability in the region throughout the 20th century. Although Lawton's economy is still largely dependent on Fort Sill, it has also grown to encompass manufacturing, higher education, health care, and retail. The city's government is run by a council-manager government consisting of a city manager and a city council headed by a mayor. Interstate 44 and three major United States Highways serve the city, while Lawton-Fort Sill Regional Airport connects Lawton by air. Recreation can be found at the city's many parks, lakes, museums, and festivals. Notable residents of the city include many musical and literary artists as well as several professional athletes.
/m/030vmc	John David Landis is an American film director, screenwriter, actor, and producer. He is known for his comedy films, his horror films, and his music videos with Michael Jackson. He directed National Lampoon's Animal House, Michael Jackson's music video Thriller, The Blues Brothers, and Beverly Hills Cop III.\nIn 1982, Landis was directing a segment of Twilight Zone: The Movie when actor Vic Morrow and two children were killed in a helicopter crash on the set. Landis and other crew members were acquitted in the lengthy criminal trial that followed.
/m/01kx1j	Otto Moritz Walter Model was a German general and later field marshal during World War II. He is noted for his defensive battles in the latter half of the war, mostly on the Eastern Front but also in the west. He has been called the Third Reich's best defensive tactical commander.\nAlthough he was a hard-driving, aggressive panzer commander early in the war, Model became best known as a practitioner of defensive warfare. His success at the head of the 9th army in the defensive battles of 1941–1942 determined his future career path.\nModel first came to Hitler's attention before World War II, but their relationship did not become especially close until 1942. His tenacious style of fighting and aggressive personality won him plaudits from Hitler, who considered him one of his best field commanders and repeatedly tasked him with retrieving desperate situations. However, their relationship had broken down by the end of the war after Model was defeated at the Battle of the Bulge.
/m/03c5bz	Jaime Elizabeth Pressly is an American actress and model. She is best known for playing Joy Turner on the NBC sitcom My Name Is Earl, for which she was nominated for two Emmy Awards as well as a Golden Globe Award and a Screen Actors Guild Award. She has also appeared in films such as Joe Dirt, DOA: Dead or Alive and I Love You, Man.
/m/0814k3	Michelle Suzanne Ruff is an American voice actress known for her work in anime and video games. In her early voicework career, she used her mother's name, Georgette Rose, as a pseudonym. Her notable roles include Chi in Chobits, Rukia Kuchiki in Bleach, and Yuki Nagato in The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya. In the more recent Resident Evil games, she voices Jill Valentine.
/m/0jc_p	Orange is a colour located between red and yellow on the spectrum of light, and in the traditional colour wheel used by painters. Its name is derived from the orange fruit.\nIn Europe and America, orange is commonly associated with amusement, the unconventional, extroverts, fire, activity, danger, taste and aroma, the autumn season, and Protestantism. In Asia, it is an important symbolic colour of Buddhism and Hinduism.
/m/077g7n	The One Hundred Thirteenth United States Congress is the current meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government. It is composed of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives based on the results of the 2012 Senate elections and the 2012 House elections. The seats in the House were apportioned based on the 2010 United States Census. It first met in Washington, D.C. on January 3, 2013, and is scheduled to end on January 3, 2015. Senators elected to regular terms in 2008 are in the last two years of those terms during this Congress.\nAt its outset, this Congress had 43 African American members, and a record high number of female and LGBT members; however, only 19% of its members have active duty military service background, which is down from 80% in 1977. According to a Gallup Poll released in July 2013, the 113th Congress had the highest disapproval rating of any Congress since 1974, when data first started being collected: 78% of Americans surveyed said that they disapproved of the job Congress was doing, while only 15% said that they approved. In October 2013, during the government shutdown, this slipped to ten percent approval according to several polls.
/m/04yc76	Wedding Crashers is a 2005 American romantic comedy film directed by David Dobkin. It stars Owen Wilson, Vince Vaughn, and Christopher Walken. Will Ferrell also has a notable cameo appearance. The film was written by Steve Faber and Bob Fisher and produced through New Line Cinema.\nThe film opened on July 15, 2005. The DVD was released on January 3, 2006, including an unrated version, and the Blu-ray version was released on December 30, 2008.
/m/09kn9	Stargate SG-1 is a Canadian-American adventure and military science fiction television series and part of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer's Stargate franchise. The show, created by Brad Wright and Jonathan Glassner, is based on the 1994 feature film Stargate by Dean Devlin and Roland Emmerich. The television series was filmed in and around the city of Vancouver, Canada. The series premiered on Showtime on July 27, 1997; the final episode first aired on Sky1 on March 13, 2007. With 214 episodes over 10 seasons, Stargate SG-1 had surpassed The X-Files as the longest-running North American science fiction television series, a record that is still held today.\nThe story of Stargate SG-1 begins about a year after the events of the feature film, when the United States government learns that an ancient alien device called the Stargate can access a network of such devices on a multitude of planets. SG-1 is an elite Air Force special operations team, one of more than two dozen teams from Earth who explore the galaxy and defend against alien threats such as the Goa'uld, Replicators, and the Ori. The series draws upon Egyptian mythology, Norse mythology, and Arthurian legend.\nThe series was a ratings success for its first-run broadcasters and in syndication, and was particularly popular in Europe and Australia. Stargate SG-1 was honored with numerous awards and award nominations in its ten-season run. It also spawned the animated television series Stargate Infinity, the live-action spin-off TV series Stargate Atlantis and Stargate Universe, and the direct-to-DVD films Stargate: The Ark of Truth and Stargate: Continuum. Merchandise for Stargate SG-1 includes games and toys, print media, and an original audio series.
/m/0d2by	Chinese Americans are Americans of full or partial Chinese – particularly Han Chinese – ethnicity. Chinese Americans constitute one group of overseas Chinese and also a subgroup of East Asian Americans, which is further a subgroup of Asian Americans. Many Chinese Americans are immigrants along with their descendants from Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan, as well as from other countries in Southeast Asia and South America that include large populations of the Chinese diaspora.\nOverall demographic research tends to include immigrants from mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan as well as overseas Chinese who have immigrated from South East Asia and South America into the broadly defined Chinese American category as both the governments of the Republic of China and the United States refer Taiwanese Americans as a separate subgroup of Chinese Americans.\nThe Chinese American community is the largest overseas Chinese community in North America. It is also the fourth largest in the Chinese diaspora, behind the Chinese communities in Thailand, Malaysia, and Indonesia. The Chinese American community comprises the largest ethnic group of Asian Americans, comprising 25.9% of the Asian American population as of 2010. Americans of Chinese descent, including those with partial Chinese ancestry constitute 1.2% of the total U.S. population as of 2010. According to the 2010 census, the Chinese American population numbered approximately 3.8 million. In 2010, half of Chinese-born people living in the United States lived either in California or New York State.
/m/06lxn	The Ramones were an American rock band that formed in the New York City neighborhood of Forest Hills, Queens, in 1974. Despite achieving only limited commercial success, the band was a major influence on the punk rock movement in both the United States and, perhaps to a greater extent, in the United Kingdom.\nAll of the band members adopted pseudonyms ending with the surname \"Ramone\", although none of them were related. They performed 2,263 concerts, touring virtually nonstop for 22 years. In 1996, after a tour with the Lollapalooza music festival, the band played a farewell concert and disbanded. Only a little more than eight years after the breakup, all three of the band's founding members—lead singer Joey Ramone, guitarist Johnny Ramone, and bassist Dee Dee Ramone—had died.\nTheir only record with enough U.S. sales to be certified gold was the compilation album Ramones Mania. However, recognition of the band's importance built over the years, and they are now mentioned in many assessments of all-time great rock music, such as the Rolling Stone list of the 100 Greatest Artists of All Time and VH1's 100 Greatest Artists of Hard Rock. In 2002, the Ramones were ranked the second-greatest band of all time by Spin magazine, trailing only the Beatles. On March 18, 2002, the Ramones—the three founders and drummers Tommy and Marky Ramone—were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. In 2011, the group was awarded a Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award.
/m/014g91	William John Evans, known as Bill Evans, was an American jazz pianist and composer who mostly worked in a trio setting. He is widely considered to be one of the greatest jazz pianists of all time, and is considered by some to have been the most influential post-World War II jazz pianist. Evans's use of impressionist harmony, inventive interpretation of traditional jazz repertoire, block chords, and trademark rhythmically independent, \"singing\" melodic lines continue to influence jazz pianists today. Unlike many other jazz musicians of his time, Evans never embraced new movements like jazz fusion or free jazz.\nBorn in Plainfield, New Jersey, Evans was classically trained, and studied at Southeastern Louisiana University. In 1955, he moved to New York, where he worked with bandleader and theorist George Russell. In 1958, Evans joined Miles Davis's sextet, where he was to have a profound influence. In 1959, the band, then immersed in modal jazz, recorded Kind of Blue, the best-selling jazz album of all time.\nIn late 1959, Evans left the Miles Davis band and began his career as a leader with Scott LaFaro and Paul Motian, a group now regarded as a seminal modern jazz trio. In 1961, ten days after recording the highly acclaimed Sunday at the Village Vanguard and Waltz for Debby, LaFaro died in a car accident. After months of seclusion, Evans re-emerged with a new trio, featuring bassist Chuck Israels.
/m/0fkzq	A lieutenant governor, lieutenant-governor or Vice governor is a high officer of state, whose precise role and rank vary by jurisdiction, but is often the deputy or lieutenant to or ranking under a governor — a \"second-in-command\". In many Commonwealth of Nations states, a lieutenant governor is the representative of the monarch and act as the nominal chief executive officer of the state, province or territory they received appointment, although by convention the lieutenant governor delegates actual executive power to the premier of a province.\nIn the United States, lieutenant governors are usually second-in-command to a state governor, and the actual power held by the lieutenant governor varies greatly from state to state.\nAustralia - Lieutenant governor\nLieutenant Governor of New South Wales\nCanada - Lieutenant Governor\nLieutenant Governor of Alberta\nLieutenant Governor of British Columbia\nLieutenant Governor of Manitoba\nLieutenant Governor of New Brunswick\nLieutenant Governor of Newfoundland and Labrador\nLieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia\nLieutenant Governor of Ontario\nLieutenant Governor of Prince Edward Island\nLieutenant Governor of Quebec\nLieutenant Governor of Saskatchewan
/m/0131kb	Donald Henry Pleasence, OBE was an English film, television, and stage actor. His most notable film roles include psychiatrist Dr. Sam Loomis in the Halloween series, the villain Ernst Stavro Blofeld in the James Bond film You Only Live Twice, and RAF Flight Lieutenant Colin Blythe in The Great Escape.
/m/04bnx	Kaohsiung City is one of the five special municipalities under the administration of Taiwan . Located in southern-western Taiwan and facing the Taiwan Strait, it is by area the largest municipality, at 2,947.62 km², and second most populous with a population of approximately 2.77 million. Since its start at 17th century, Kaohsiung has grown from a small trading village, into the political, economic, transportation, manufacturing, refining, shipbuilding, and industries centers of southern Taiwan. It is a global city with sufficiency as categorized by GaWC in 2012.\nThe Kaohsiung International Airport serving the city is the second largest airport in Taiwan. The Port of Kaohsiung is the largest harbor in Taiwan, but not officially part of Kaohsiung City. The southern terminal of the Sun Yat-sen Freeway is in Kaohsiung. For north-south travel on railway, the city is served by the Taiwan Railway Administration stations of Western Line and Pingtung Line. The Taiwan High Speed Rail also provides fast and frequent railway connection to Taipei City. The Kaohsiung Mass Rapid Transit, the city's subway system, launched in early 2008. Kaohsiung was the host city of the 2009 World Games, a multi-sport event primarily composed of sports not featured in the Olympic Games. The city is also home to the Republic of China Navy fleet headquarter and academy.
/m/07hhnl	Hal Pereira was an American art director, production designer, and occasional architect.\nIn the 1940s through the 1960s he worked on more than 200 films as an art director and production designer. He was nominated for 23 Oscars, having won only one for his work on The Rose Tattoo. He served, along with Earl Hedrick, as artistic director of the popular TV series Bonanza.\nPereira was educated at the University of Illinois and is brother of architect William L. Pereira.
/m/01l79yc	Rachel Mary Berkeley Portman, OBE is a British composer, best known for scoring films.
/m/0cn68	Japanese Americans are Americans of Japanese descent. Japanese Americans have historically been among the three largest Asian American communities, but in recent decades, it has become the sixth largest group at roughly 1,304,286, including those of mixed-race or mixed-ethnicity. In the 2010 census, the largest Japanese American communities were found in California with 272,528, Hawaii with 185,502, New York with 37,780, Washington with 35,008, Illinois with 17,542, and Ohio with 16,995. Southern California has the largest Japanese-American population in North America.
/m/050gkf	Cinderella Man is a 2005 American drama film by Ron Howard, titled after the nickname of heavyweight boxing champion James J. Braddock and inspired by his life story. The film was produced by Howard, Penny Marshall, and Brian Grazer. Damon Runyon is credited for giving Braddock this nickname. Russell Crowe, Renée Zellweger and Paul Giamatti star.
/m/01fwk3	Virginia Elizabeth \"Geena\" Davis is an American actress, film producer, writer, former fashion model, and a women's Olympics archery team semi-finalist. She is known for her roles in The Fly, Beetlejuice, Thelma & Louise, A League of Their Own, The Long Kiss Goodnight, Stuart Little and The Accidental Tourist, for which she won the 1988 Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress. In 2005, she won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Television Series Drama for her role in Commander in Chief.
/m/01glqw	Peterborough PEE-tər-bur-oh is a city on the Otonabee River in central Ontario, Canada, 125 kilometres northeast of Toronto. The population of the City of Peterborough was 78,698, while the census metropolitan area has a population of 118,975 as of the 2011 census. It presently ranks as the 33rd largest CMA in Canada. The current mayor of Peterborough is Daryl Bennett. Peterborough's nickname of \"The Electric City\" underscores the historical and present day importance of technology and manufacturing as an economic base of the city, which has operations from large multi-national companies such as Siemens, Rolls Royce, and General Electric, and more local technology businesses such as Fisher Gauge and Bryston.\nPeterborough is known as the gateway to the Kawarthas, \"cottage country\", a large recreational region of the province. It is named in honour of Peter Robinson, an early Canadian politician who oversaw the first major immigration to the area. The city is the seat of Peterborough County.
/m/02__ww	William Rankin \"Will\" Patton is an American actor. He currently stars as Captain Dan Weaver in the TNT science fiction series Falling Skies.
/m/0c9xjl	Robert Clark Gregg is an American actor, screenwriter and director. He played Phil Coulson in the films Iron Man, Iron Man 2, Thor, and Marvel's The Avengers, and in the television series Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D., which airs on the ABC network. He also voices the character on the animated television series Ultimate Spider-Man. Gregg has also co-starred as Christine Campbell's ex-husband Richard in the CBS sitcom The New Adventures of Old Christine, which debuted in March 2006 and concluded in May 2010. He also played FBI Special Agent Mike Casper on the NBC series The West Wing and Cam, the on-and-off boyfriend of Jack on the NBC series Will & Grace.
/m/02qzmz6	Sliver is a 1993 film based on the Ira Levin novel of the same name about the mysterious occurrences in a privately owned New York highrise apartment building. Phillip Noyce directed the film, from a screenplay by Joe Eszterhas. Because of a major battle with the MPAA, the filmmakers were forced to make extensive reshoots before release. These reshoots actually necessitated changing the killer's identity. The film stars Sharon Stone, William Baldwin and Tom Berenger.\nAccording to the movie, the tall and narrow sliver building is located at 113 East 38th Street in Manhattan, placing it at 38th Street and Park Avenue. The actual building used in the film is known as Morgan Court, located at 211 Madison Avenue New York, one block west and two blocks south of the fictional address. The building has since become a condominium development. It was built in 1985 and has 32 floors. While the movie made use of the building's courtyard, the lobby was a Los Angeles film set.
/m/08lb68	Palmitoleic acid, or-9-hexadecenoic acid, is an omega-7 monounsaturated fatty acid with the formula CH3(CH2)5CH=CH(CH2)7COOH that is a common constituent of the glycerides of human adipose tissue. It is present in all tissues but, in general, found in higher concentrations in the liver. It is biosynthesized from palmitic acid by the action of the enzyme delta-9 desaturase. A beneficial fatty acid, it has been shown to increase insulin sensitivity by suppressing inflammation, as well as inhibit the destruction of insulin-secreting pancreatic beta cells.
/m/02cj_f	George Henry Sanders was an English film and television actor, singer-songwriter, music composer, and author. His heavy English accent and bass voice often led him to be cast as sophisticated but villainous characters. He is perhaps best known as Jack Favell in Rebecca, Addison DeWitt in All About Eve, King Richard the Lionheart in King Richard and the Crusaders, and the voice of the malevolent man-hating tiger Shere Khan in Disney's The Jungle Book. His career spanned more than 40 years.
/m/0pgjm	Michael John McKean is an American actor, comedian, writer, composer and musician well known for his portrayal of Squiggy's friend, Leonard \"Lenny\" Kosnowski, on the sitcom Laverne & Shirley; and for his work in the Christopher Guest ensemble films, particularly as David St. Hubbins, the lead vocalist and rhythm guitarist of the fictional rock band Spinal Tap from the eponymous film.
/m/0xynl	Jamestown is a city in southern Chautauqua County, New York, in the United States. The population was 31,146 at the 2010 census. Situated between Lake Erie to the northwest and the Allegheny National Forest to the south, Jamestown is the largest population center in the county. Nearby Chautauqua Lake is a fresh water resource enjoyed by fishermen, boaters and naturalists. Chautauqua Institution is approximately 17 miles away, offering music, theater, educational classes and lectures for nine weeks during the summer.\nNotable people from the Jamestown area include comedienne Lucille Ball; Supreme Court Justice Robert H. Jackson; naturalist Roger Tory Peterson; and NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell. Products developed in Jamestown include the crescent wrench and automatic voting machines.\nJamestown was once called the \"Furniture Capital of the World\" where people visited from all over the country to attend furniture expositions at the Furniture Mart, a building that still stands in the city and currently houses offices for a variety of companies.
/m/07tds	The University of Pennsylvania is an American private Ivy League research university located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States. Incorporated as The Trustees of the University of Pennsylvania, Penn is one of 14 founding members of the Association of American Universities and one of the nine original Colonial Colleges.\nBenjamin Franklin, Penn's founder, advocated an educational program that focused as much on practical education for commerce and public service as on the classics and theology. Penn was one of the first academic institutions to follow a multidisciplinary model pioneered by several European universities, concentrating multiple \"faculties\" into one institution. It was also home to many other educational innovations. The first school of medicine in North America, the first collegiate business school and the first student union were all born at Penn.\nPenn offers a broad range of academic departments, an extensive research enterprise and a number of community outreach and public service programs. It is particularly well known for its medical school, dental school, design school, school of business, law school, communications school, nursing school, veterinary school, its social sciences and humanities programs, as well as its biomedical teaching and research capabilities. Its undergraduate programs are also among the most selective in the country. One of Penn's most well known academic qualities is its emphasis on interdisciplinary education, which it promotes through numerous joint degree programs, research centers and professorships, a unified campus, and the ability for students to take classes from any of Penn's schools.
/m/02vkzcx	Tulane University Law School is the law school of Tulane University. It is located on Tulane's Uptown campus in New Orleans, Louisiana. Established in 1847, it is the 12th oldest law school in the United States.\nIn addition to the usual common law and federal subjects, Tulane offers electives in the civil law, giving students the opportunity to pursue comparative education of the world's two major legal systems. Students are permitted to survey a broad range of subject areas or to concentrate in one or more.\nTulane Law School's environmental law and sports law programs are considered among the strongest nationwide, and its maritime law program is among the best regarded in the world. For more than 20 years, the school has hosted the Tulane Corporate Law Institute, a preeminent mergers and acquisitions and corporate law forum.
/m/02kz_	Ernest Miller Hemingway was an American author and journalist. His economical and understated style had a strong influence on 20th-century fiction, while his life of adventure and his public image influenced later generations. Hemingway produced most of his work between the mid-1920s and the mid-1950s, winning the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1954. He published seven novels, six short story collections, and two non-fiction works. Three novels, four collections of short stories, and three non-fiction works were published posthumously. Many of his works are considered classics of American literature.\nHemingway was raised in Oak Park, Illinois. After high school he reported for a few months for The Kansas City Star, before leaving for the Italian front to enlist with the World War I ambulance drivers. In 1918, he was seriously wounded and returned home. His wartime experiences formed the basis for his novel A Farewell to Arms. In 1921, he married Hadley Richardson, the first of his four wives. The couple moved to Paris, where he worked as a foreign correspondent and fell under the influence of the modernist writers and artists of the 1920s \"Lost Generation\" expatriate community. The Sun Also Rises, Hemingway's first novel, was published in 1926.
/m/0261w5	Fredrikstad Fotballklubb is a Norwegian football club from the town of Fredrikstad. With nine league championships and eleven Norwegian Cup wins, FFK is one of the most successful clubs in Norwegian football. The club was founded in 1903.\nAfter suffering relegation from the then first division in 1984, Fredrikstad spent 18 years outside the top flight, before returning to the Premier League in 2003 after two successive promotions.\nFredrikstad stadion was FFK's home ground between 1914 and 2006. However, its facilities where outdated and the club moved to a new stadium on the other side of river Glomma. Their new ground is located in a former shipyard, incorporating parts of the old buildings in the two sidestands. FFK draw great support from their area and the official supporter club's name is Plankehaugen. More than 100 coaches filled with fans followed FFK to the cup final of 2006. The club's supporters also includes an Ultras section, Superas Fredrikstad.
/m/01jnzj	In the fields of architecture and civil engineering, construction is a process that consists of the building or assembling of infrastructure. Far from being a single activity, large scale construction is a feat of human multitasking. Normally, the job is managed by a project manager, and supervised by a construction manager, design engineer, construction engineer or project architect.\nFor the successful execution of a project, effective planning is essential. Those involved with the design and execution of the infrastructure in question must consider the environmental impact of the job, the successful scheduling, budgeting, construction site safety, availability of building materials, logistics, inconvenience to the public caused by construction delays and bidding, etc.
/m/018db8	Joaquin Rafael Phoenix, formerly credited as Leaf Phoenix, is an American actor, music video director, producer, musician, and social activist who started his career as a child actor and came to wide attention for his portrayal of Commodus in the 2000 historical epic film Gladiator, directed by Ridley Scott, which earned him a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor as well as nominations for the Golden Globe Award, Screen Actors Guild, Satellite Award, and BAFTA Award.\nHe received wider recognition for his portrayal of musician Johnny Cash in the 2005 biographical film Walk the Line. His performance earned him several accolades and nominations, including the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy and nominations for the Academy Award for Best Actor,Screen Actors Guild and BAFTA Award. He received his third Academy Award nomination for his critically acclaimed performance in the 2012 film The Master as well as his third nomination for a Golden Globe Award and BAFTA Award. In 2013, he received his fourth nomination for the Golden Globe Award in the category Best Actor – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy, for his role as Theodore Twombly in Spike Jonze's film Her.
/m/0hn821n	The 64th Annual Primetime Emmy Awards, honoring the best in primetime television programming from June 1, 2011 until May 31, 2012, were held on September 23, 2012 at the Nokia Theatre in Downtown Los Angeles, California. ABC televised the ceremony in the United States. Comedian and late-night talk show host Jimmy Kimmel hosted the Primetime Emmys for the first time. Kimmel and actress Kerry Washington announced the nominees on July 19, 2012. Nick Offerman was scheduled to co-announce the nominations, but had to cancel due to travel delays. The Creative Arts Emmy Awards ceremony was held on September 15 and was televised September 22, 2012 on ReelzChannel.\nThe award for Outstanding Drama Series went to Showtime's thriller series Homeland, which broke the series Mad Men's four-year hold on the award; while the Outstanding Comedy Series award went for the third year in a row to ABC's Modern Family. This was the first ceremony that none of the four major American broadcasting TV networks were nominated in the categories of Outstanding Drama Series, Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series, and Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series. In Britain, the 64th Primetime Emmys were noted for the successes of actors Damian Lewis of Homeland and Maggie Smith of Downton Abbey.
/m/018rn4	Choreography is the art of designing sequences of movements in which motion, form, or both are specified. Choreography may also refer to the design itself. The word choreography literally means \"dance-writing\" from the Greek words \"χορεία\" and \"γραφή\". A choreographer is one who creates choreographies by practicing the art of choreography.\nThe word \"choreography\" first appeared in the American English dictionary in the 1950s and \"choreographer\" was first used as a credit for George Balanchine in the Broadway show On Your Toes in 1936. Prior to this, stage and movie credits used phrases such as \"ensembles staged by\" \"dances staged by\" or simply \"dances by\" to denote the choreographer.\nDance choreography is also known as dance composition. Choreography is used in a variety of fields other than dance, including cheerleading, cinematography, gymnastics, fashion shows, ice skating, marching band, show choir, theatre, synchronized swimming and video game production.
/m/01m3b7	Hemel Hempstead is a town in Hertfordshire in the East of England, 24 miles to the north west of London and part of the Greater London Urban Area. The population at the 2001 Census was 81,143.\nDeveloped after World War II as a new town, it has existed as a settlement since the 8th century and was granted its town charter by King Henry VIII in 1539. It is part of the district of Dacorum and the Hemel Hempstead constituency.
/m/0htx8	Nottinghamshire is a county in the East Midlands of England, bordering South Yorkshire to the north-west, Lincolnshire to the east, Leicestershire to the south, and Derbyshire to the west. The traditional county town is Nottingham, though the county council is based in West Bridgford in the borough of Rushcliffe, at a site facing Nottingham over the River Trent.\nThe districts of Nottinghamshire are Ashfield, Bassetlaw, Broxtowe, Gedling, Mansfield, Newark and Sherwood, and Rushcliffe. The City of Nottingham was administratively part of Nottinghamshire between 1974 and 1998 but is now a unitary authority, remaining part of Nottinghamshire for ceremonial purposes.\nAs of 2011 the county is estimated to have a population of 785,800. Over half of the population of the county live in the Greater Nottingham conurbation. The conurbation has a population of about 650,000, though less than half live within the city boundaries.
/m/01l03w2	Ralph Edmund Stanley, also known as Dr. Ralph Stanley, is an American bluegrass artist, known for his distinctive singing and banjo playing.
/m/02856r	Beat music, British beat, or Merseybeat is a pop and rock music genre that developed in the United Kingdom in the early 1960s. Beat music is a fusion of rock and roll, doo-wop, skiffle and R&B. The genre provided many of the bands responsible for the British invasion of the American pop charts starting in 1964, and provided the model for many important developments in pop and rock music, including the format of the rock group around lead, rhythm and bass guitars with drums.
/m/09qljs	Halloween is a 2007 American slasher film written, directed, and produced by Rob Zombie. The film is a remake/reimagining of the 1978 horror film of the same name; it is a reboot of the Halloween film series, making it the ninth installment of the franchise. The film stars Tyler Mane as the adult Michael Myers, Malcolm McDowell as Dr. Sam Loomis, and Scout Taylor-Compton as Laurie Strode; Daeg Faerch portrays a ten-year-old Michael Myers. Rob Zombie's \"reimagining\" follows the premise of John Carpenter's original, with Michael Myers stalking Laurie Strode and her friends on Halloween night. Zombie's film goes deeper into the character's psyche, trying to answer the question of what drove him to kill people, whereas in Carpenter's original film Michael did not have an explicit reason for killing.\nWorking from Carpenter's advice to \"make [the film] his own\", Zombie chose to develop the film as both a prequel and a remake, allowing for more original content than simply re-filming the same scenes. Despite mostly negative reviews, the film, which cost $15 million to make, went on to gross $80,208,039 worldwide, making it the highest grossing film in the Halloween franchise in unadjusted U.S. dollars. Zombie followed the film with a sequel, Halloween II, in 2009.
/m/0pmhf	Denzel Hayes Washington, Jr. is an American actor, film director, and film producer. He has received much critical acclaim for his work in film since the 1990s, including for his portrayals of real-life figures such as Steve Biko, Malcolm X, Rubin \"Hurricane\" Carter, Melvin B. Tolson, Frank Lucas, and Herman Boone. Washington is a featured actor in the films produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and was a frequent collaborator of the late director Tony Scott.\nWashington has received two Golden Globe awards and a Tony Award, and two Academy Awards: Best Supporting Actor for Glory and Best Actor for Training Day.
/m/0cbkc	Catherine Deneuve is a French actress. She gained recognition for her portrayal of aloof, mysterious beauties for various directors, including Luis Buñuel and Roman Polanski. Deneuve won two César Awards for her performances in Le Dernier Métro and Indochine. She has also received BAFTA and Academy Award nominations for Best Actress. In 2008, she appeared in her 100th film, Un conte de Noël.
/m/06m6p7	Samuel Pack \"Sam\" Elliott is an American actor. His rangy physique, thick horseshoe moustache, deep, resonant voice, and Western drawl lend to frequent casting as cowboys and ranchers. His other credits over the years have included playing Marvel Comics characters General Ross in Hulk and The Caretaker in Ghost Rider.
/m/03f6d	The GNU Lesser General Public License or LGPL is a free software license published by the Free Software Foundation. The LGPL allows developers and companies to use and integrate LGPL software into their own software without being required to release the source code of their own software-parts. Merely the LGPL software-parts need to be modifiable by end-users: therefore, in the case of proprietary software, the LGPL-parts are usually used in the form of a shared library, so that there is a clear separation between the proprietary parts and open source LGPL parts.\nThe LGPL was thus developed as a compromise between the strong copyleft of the GNU General Public License or GPL and permissive licenses such as the BSD licenses and the MIT License. The word \"Lesser\" in the title of the license is used to show that the LGPL cannot guarantee end user's complete freedom in the use of software. It only guarantees the freedom of modification for the LGPL-parts, but not for any proprietary software-parts.\nThe GNU Library General Public License was first published in 1991, and adopted the version number 2 for parity with GPL version 2. The LGPL was revised in minor ways in the 2.1 point release, published in 1999, when it was renamed the GNU Lesser General Public License to reflect the FSF's position that not all libraries should use it. Version 3 of the LGPL was published in 2007 as a list of additional permissions applied to GPL version 3.
/m/0p2rj	Pulaski County is the largest county by population in the U.S. state of Arkansas with a population of 382,748 at the 2010 United States Census. Its county seat is Little Rock, which is also Arkansas's capital and largest city. Pulaski County forms the core of the Little Rock–North Little Rock–Conway Metropolitan Statistical Area which had 699,757 people in the 2010 census.\nPulaski County is Arkansas's fifth county, formed on December 15, 1818, alongside Clark and Hempstead counties. The county is named for Count Casimir Pulaski, a Polish volunteer who saved George Washington's life during the American Revolutionary War.
/m/0bqsy	Nelly Kim Furtado is a Canadian singer, songwriter and actress. She has sold 20 million albums worldwide and more than 20 million singles, bringing her total sales to over 40 million records around the world. Furtado first gained fame with her debut album, Whoa, Nelly!, which spawned two successful singles, \"I'm Like a Bird\" and \"Turn Off the Light\". \"I'm Like A Bird\" won a 2001 Juno Award for Single of the Year and a 2002 Grammy Award for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance. In 2003, Furtado released Folklore, which produced three international singles— \"Powerless\", \"Try\" and \"Força\". Three years later she released Loose, a worldwide commercial success. The album spawned four number-one hits: \"Promiscuous\", \"Maneater\", \"Say It Right\" and \"All Good Things\". After a three-year break, she released her first full-length Spanish album, Mi Plan, and Furtado received a Latin Grammy for Best Female Pop Vocal Album. In 2012, Furtado's fourth English-language studio album, The Spirit Indestructible, was released. Furtado's work has earned her numerous awards and accolades, including 2 Grammy Awards, 10 Juno Awards, 3 MuchMusic Video Awards and a star on Canada's Walk of Fame.
/m/03sb38	StudioCanal is a French-based production and distribution company that owns the third-largest film library in the world. The company is owned by the Canal+ Group.
/m/01fh0q	Stanley Clarke is an American jazz musician and composer known for his innovative and influential work on double bass and electric bass as well as for his numerous film and television scores. He is best known for his work with the fusion band Return to Forever, and his role as a bandleader in several trios and ensembles.
/m/0msck	Cameron County is the southernmost county located in the U.S. state of Texas. As of the 2010 census, its population was 406,220. Its county seat is Brownsville. Cameron County was founded in 1848 and is named for Captain Ewen Cameron, a soldier during the Texas Revolution and in the ill-fated Mier Expedition.\nCameron County is part of the Brownsville–Harlingen Metropolitan Statistical Area as well as the Brownsville–Harlingen–Raymondville Combined Statistical Area.
/m/02mxw0	Ned Thomas Beatty is an American actor who has appeared in more than 100 films and has been nominated for an Academy Award, two Emmy Awards, an MTV Movie Award for Best Villain and a Golden Globe Award; he won a Drama Desk Award.\nThese nominations stemmed from his performances in films and television series like Network, Friendly Fire, Last Train Home, Hear My Song, the adaptation film Cat on a Hot Tin Roof and Toy Story 3.\nHe has had great commercial success in memorable roles such as the executive Bobby Trippe in Deliverance, Tennessee lawyer Delbert Reese in Nashville, general attorney Dardis in All the President's Men, Bob Sweet in Silver Streak, the priest Edwards in Exorcist II: The Heretic, Lex Luthor's henchman Otis in Superman and Superman II, Bates' right hand man Sydney Morehouse in The Toy, Borisov and Pavel Petrovic in The Fourth Protocol, TV presenter Ernest Weller in Repossessed, Rudy Ruettiger's father in Rudy, attorney McNair in Just Cause, Dexter Wilkins in Life, the simple sheriff in Where the Red Fern Grows, the corrupt Senator Charles F. Meachum in Shooter, United States Congressman Doc Long in Charlie Wilson's War and the voice of antagonists Lots-O'-Huggin' Bear in Toy Story 3 and Tortoise John in Rango.
/m/011zf2	Yo-Yo Ma is a French and American cellist. He was a child prodigy and was performing by age five. He completed a Bachelor's degree from Harvard University in 1976. He has played as a soloist with many major orchestras. His 75 albums have received fifteen Grammy Awards.\nIn addition to recordings of the standard Classical repertoire, he has recorded American bluegrass music; traditional Chinese melodies; the tangos of Argentinian composer Ástor Piazzolla; Brazilian music; and a collaboration with Bobby McFerrin.\nMa's primary performance instrument is a Montagnana cello built in 1733 valued at US$2.5 million.\nHe was awarded the National Medal of Arts in 2001, Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2011, and the Polar Music Prize in 2012.
/m/02vp1f_	Quest for Fire is a 1981 film adaptation of the 1911 Belgian novel by J.-H. Rosny. Directed by Jean-Jacques Annaud and adapted by Gérard Brach, the film stars Everett McGill, Ron Perlman, Nameer El-Kadi, and Rae Dawn Chong. It won the Academy Award for Makeup. Michael D. Moore was the associate producer in charge of action and animal scenes.\nIt is set in Paleolithic Europe, 80,000 years ago, its plot surrounding the struggle for control of fire by early humans. The movie was filmed on location in Iceland, Cairngorms National Park in Scotland and Tsavo National Park and Lake Magadi in Africa. The opening sequence was filmed at Cathedral Grove on Vancouver Island, BC.
/m/01rl_3	Middlesbrough Football Club, also known as Boro, are an English football club based in Middlesbrough, who play in the Football League Championship. Formed in 1876, they have played at the Riverside Stadium since August 1995, their third ground since turning professional in 1889. Their longest-serving home was Ayresome Park, where they played for 92 years, from 1903 to 1995.\nThey were one of the founding members of the Premier League in 1992. The club's main rivals are Sunderland and Newcastle United, however the club also takes part in Yorkshire derbies with several other Yorkshire clubs; most notably Leeds United.\nThe club's highest league finish to date was third in the 1913–14 season and they have only spent two seasons outside of the Football League's top two divisions. The club came close to folding in 1986 after experiencing severe financial difficulties before the club was saved by a consortium led by then board member and later chairman Steve Gibson. Middlesbrough were controversially deducted three points for failing to fulfil a fixture against Blackburn Rovers during the 1996–97 Premier League season and were subsequently relegated. They were promoted the following season and spent eleven consecutive seasons in the top division before relegation. Middlesbrough won the League Cup in 2004, the club's first and only major trophy. They reached the 2006 UEFA Cup Final in May 2006 but were beaten by Spanish side Sevilla. On 24 May 2009, Middlesbrough were relegated to the Championship, failing to extend their 11-year stay in the Premier League.
/m/02s7tr	First base, or 1B, is the first of four stations on a baseball diamond which must be touched in succession by a baserunner in order to score a run for that player's team. A first baseman is the player on the team playing defense who fields the area nearest first base, and is responsible for the majority of plays made at that base.\nIn the numbering system used to record defensive plays, the first baseman is assigned the number 3.\nAlso called first sacker or cornerman, the first baseman is ideally a tall player with good flexibility and quick reflexes. Flexibility is needed because the first baseman receives throws from the other infielders, the catcher and the pitcher after they have fielded ground balls. In order for the runner to be called out, the first baseman must be able to stretch towards the throw and catch it before the runner reaches first base. First base is often referred to as \"the other hot corner\"—the \"hot corner\" being third base—and therefore, like the third baseman, he must have quick reflexes to field the hardest hit balls down the foul line, mainly by left-handed pull hitters and good right-handed hitters that possess the ability to hit to the opposite field.
/m/02f71y	The following is a list of MTV Video Music Awards winners for Best Choreography in a Video. The choreographer with the most wins and nominations is Frank Gatson, who has won the award six times out of ten nominations. Choreographers Michael Rooney and Tina Landon closely follow him in these regards: Rooney is the second biggest winner with five wins, while Landon is the second most nominated professional, with nine nominations.\nOn the side of the artists, meanwhile, Janet Jackson is the one with the most wins—four out of ten nominations—and is followed closely by Beyoncé with three. Meanwhile, Madonna is the most nominated artist, having received twelve nominations.\nSix artists have won this award for choreographing or co-choreographing their own videos: Michael Jackson, Prince, Paula Abdul, Janet Jackson, Madonna, Shakira, and Bruno Mars. Also, actor Christopher Walken won this award in 2001 for helping choreograph the video for Fatboy Slim's \"Weapon of Choice,\" in which he appears dancing.
/m/0cpvcd	Ludwig Heinrich Edler von Mises was a philosopher, Austrian School economist, sociologist, and classical liberal. He became a prominent figure in the Austrian School of economic thought and is best known for his work on praxeology. Fearing a Nazi takeover of Switzerland, where he was living at the time, Mises emigrated to the United States in 1940. Mises' thought has exerted significant influence on the libertarian movement in the United States in the mid-20th century.
/m/03qk20	I.R.S. Records is a record label, launched in the United States in 1979 by Miles Copeland III along with Jay Boberg and Carl Grasso. Miles was also the manager of Wishbone Ash, The Police, and later, Sting, as well as other bands. The \"I.R.S.\" in the title stands for International Record Syndicate, as a play on the initialism of the Internal Revenue Service. I.R.S. was the sister label of Copeland's Illegal Records.\nI.R.S. releases were distributed by A&M Records until 1985, by MCA Records until 1990, and finally by EMI until the label folded in 1996. In 2011, EMI revived the label; as of 2012, the new label has Chiddy Bang and Foxy Shazam on its roster. In October 2013, shortly after the full integration of EMI within its successor Universal Music Group, I.R.S. Nashville was formed as a subsidiary, with Striking Matches and Cowboy Jack Clement on its roster.
/m/0fbvqf	This is a list of the winners and nominees of the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series. In early Emmy ceremonies, the supporting categories were not always genre, or even gender, specific. Beginning with the 22nd Emmys supporting actors in drama have competed alone. However, these dramatic performances often included actors from miniseries, telefilms, and guest performers competing against main cast competitors. Such instances are marked below.\n# – Indicates a performance in a Miniseries or Telefilm, prior to the category's creation.\n§ – Indicates a performance as a guest performer, prior to the category's creation.
/m/06h7l7	Jeffrey Arnold \"Jeff\" Moss was a composer, lyricist, playwright and television writer, best known for his award winning work on the children's television series Sesame Street.
/m/05bnp0	James Edward Franco is an American actor, director, screenwriter, producer, teacher and author. His first prominent role was a lead part, \"Daniel Desario\", on the short-lived cult hit television program Freaks and Geeks, he later achieved recognition for playing the title character in the TV biographical film James Dean, in which he won a Golden Globe Award, and for playing Harry Osborn in Sam Raimi's Spider-Man trilogy. He is also known for his roles in the films Pineapple Express, Milk, 127 Hours, Rise of the Planet of the Apes, Oz the Great and Powerful, Spring Breakers, and This Is the End. He also had a recurring role in the ABC soap opera General Hospital. For his role in 127 Hours, Franco received an Academy Award nomination for Best Actor.\nFranco volunteers for the Art of Elysium charity and has taught a class at New York University in feature filmmaking and production. In 2013, he began teaching a course in short film production at the University of Southern California and a course in screenwriting at his alma mater, University of California, Los Angeles. He is a PhD candidate at Yale University.
/m/01d_s5	Hip house, also known as rap house or house rap, is a musical genre that mixes elements of house music and hip-hop. The style rose to prominence during the 1980s in Chicago and New York. Hip house originated in Chicago and quickly became popular across the U.S. and in the UK, with tracks like \"Rok Da House\" by UK producers the Beatmasters featuring British female emcees the Cookie Crew.\nMinor controversy ensued in 1989 when a U.S. record called \"Turn Up the Bass\" by Tyree Cooper featuring Kool Rock Steady claimed it was the \"first hip house record on vinyl\". The Beatmasters disputed this, pointing out that \"Rok Da House\" had originally been written and pressed to vinyl in 1986. The outfit then released \"Who’s in the House?\" featuring British emcee Merlin, containing the lines \"Beatmasters stand to attention, hip house is your invention\" and \"Watch out Tyree, we come faster\". More claims to the hip-house crown were subsequently laid down in tracks by Fast Eddie, Rob Base and DJ E-Z Rock, and Toni Scott.
/m/01l0__	Nagoya Grampus are a Japanese association football club that play in the J. League. Based in Nagoya, Aichi Prefecture and originally founded as the company team of the Toyota Motor Corp. in 1939, the club shares its home games between Mizuho Athletic Stadium and the much larger Toyota Stadium.\nGrampus are one of only four teams to have competed in Japan's top flight of football every year since its inception in 1993. The team previously had its most successful season in 1995 when it was managed by current Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger, winning the prestigious Emperor's Cup and finishing runners-up in the J.League, and which featured, among others, Dragan Stojković and Gary Lineker on the team, until it was eclipsed on November 20, 2010, when the club won their first ever J. League trophy, under the management of Wenger protégé and former Grampus player Dragan Stojković.\nThe team's name was derived from the two most prominent symbols of Nagoya: the two golden grampus dolphins on the top of Nagoya Castle, and the Maru-Hachi, the city's official symbol. The use of an orca in the team's logo is likely a reference to the fact that the kanji for shachichoko can be pronounced \"shachichoko\" or \"shachi\".
/m/071xj	Satyajit Ray was an Indian filmmaker, regarded as one of the greatest auteurs of world cinema. Ray was born in the city of Calcutta into a Bengali family prominent in the world of arts and literature. Starting his career as a commercial artist, Ray was drawn into independent filmmaking after meeting French filmmaker Jean Renoir and viewing Vittorio De Sica's Italian neorealist 1948 film Bicycle Thieves during a visit to London.\nRay directed 36 films, including feature films, documentaries and shorts. He was also a fiction writer, publisher, illustrator, calligrapher, graphic designer and film critic. He authored several short stories and novels, primarily aimed at children and adolescents. Feluda, the sleuth, and Professor Shonku, the scientist in his science fiction stories, are popular fictional characters created by him.\nRay's first film, Pather Panchali, won eleven international prizes, including Best Human Documentary at the Cannes Film Festival. This film, Aparajito, and Apur Sansar form The Apu Trilogy. Ray did the scripting, casting, scoring, and editing, and designed his own credit titles and publicity material. Ray received many major awards in his career, including 32 Indian National Film Awards, a number of awards at international film festivals and award ceremonies, and an Academy Award in 1992. The Government of India honoured him with the Bharat Ratna in 1992.
/m/01qq_lp	Sophia Loren is an Italian actress. Loren is widely recognized as Italy's most renowned and honored actress.\nAfter entering a beauty pageant in 1949 aged 14, Loren was encouraged to enroll in acting lessons and appeared in several 'bit parts' and minor roles until the late 1950s where Loren's five-picture contract with Paramount launched her career as an international movie star. Notable film appearances around this time including; Houseboat, That Kind of Woman and It Started in Naples.\nIt was not until her deglamorized performance as Cesira in Vittorio De Sica's Two Women that confirmed her status as an acclaimed actress. Loren won the Academy Award for Best Actress in 1962 for her performance which made Loren the first artist to win an Oscar for a foreign-language performance. Later notable films include El Cid; Yesterday, Today and Tomorrow; Marriage Italian-Style; Sunflower; and The Voyage. After starting a family in the early 1970s, Loren spent less time on her acting career and chose to make only occasional film appearances. In later years, she has appeared in American films such as Grumpier Old Men and Nine.
/m/01vvycq	Prince Rogers Nelson, known by his mononym Prince, is an American singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, and actor. He has produced ten platinum albums and thirty Top 40 singles during his career. He has written several hundred songs and produces and records his own music for his own music label. In addition, he has promoted the careers of Sheila E., Carmen Electra, the Time and Vanity 6, and his songs have been recorded by these artists and others, including Chaka Khan, The Bangles, Sinéad O'Connor, and Kim Basinger.\nBorn in Minneapolis, Minnesota, Prince developed an interest in music at an early age, writing his first song at age seven. After recording songs with his cousin's band 94 East, seventeen-year-old Prince recorded several unsuccessful demo tapes before releasing his debut album, For You, in 1978. His 1979 album, Prince, went platinum due to the success of the singles \"Why You Wanna Treat Me So Bad?\" and \"I Wanna Be Your Lover\". His next three records, Dirty Mind, Controversy, and 1999 continued his success, showcasing Prince's trademark of prominently sexual lyrics and incorporation of elements of funk, dance and rock music. In 1984, he began referring to his backup band as the Revolution and released the album Purple Rain, which served as the soundtrack to his film debut of the same name.
/m/06chvn	Jerry Weintraub is an American film producer and former chairman and CEO of United Artists. He now lives in Palm Desert, California.
/m/091xrc	TMNT is a 2007 American computer-animated fantasy action film and a part of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles franchise. The film is the fourth installment in the original TMNT film series. It was the first Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles film made with computer-generated imagery, created by Imagi Animation Studios, as well as the first feature film in the franchise in 14 years.\nWritten and directed by Kevin Munroe, the film features the voice talents of Nolan North, James Arnold Taylor, Mikey Kelley, Mitchell Whitfield, Chris Evans, Sarah Michelle Gellar, Kevin Smith, Patrick Stewart, Zhang Ziyi and Laurence Fishburne. It was the last film that Mako Iwamatsu made before his death and was co-produced by the franchise's co-creator Peter Laird for Warner Bros. Pictures.\nThe plot of TMNT was thought by audiences to take place after the original Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles live action film trilogy. TMNT co-creator Peter Laird later stated it takes place in its own universe separate from the previous films, which was supported by its depiction in Turtles Forever. The film sees the four Turtles grow apart after their final defeat of the Shredder, when strange things are happening in New York City as ancient creatures threaten the world and the Turtles must reunite to save it.
/m/01sfmyk	Brian Edmund Posehn is an American actor, voice actor, musician, writer, and comedian, known for his roles as Jim Kuback on The WB's Mission Hill and Brian Spukowski on Comedy Central's The Sarah Silverman Program.
/m/0z5vp	Enid is a city in Garfield County, Oklahoma, United States. In 2010, the population was 49,379, making it the ninth largest city in Oklahoma. It is the county seat of Garfield County. Enid was founded during the opening of the Cherokee Outlet in the Land Run of 1893, and is named after Enid, a character in Alfred, Lord Tennyson's Idylls of the King. In 1991, the Oklahoma state legislature designated Enid the \"Purple Martin Capital of Oklahoma.\" Enid holds the nickname of \"Queen Wheat City\" and \"Wheat Capital\" of Oklahoma and the United States for its immense grain storage capacity, and has the third largest grain storage capacity in the world.\nThe economy of Enid is diverse, but its foundation is the oil and gas industry and agriculture.
/m/04syw	A monarch is a supreme or absolute head of a state government, either in reality or symbolically. Such a government is known as a monarchy. A monarch typically either inherits sovereignty by birth or who is elected monarch and who typically rules for life or until abdication. Monarchs' true powers vary from one monarchy to another; on one extreme, they may be autocrats wielding genuine sovereignty; on the other they may be ceremonial heads of state who exercise little or no power or only reserve power, with actual authority vested in a parliament or other body.
/m/0cycc	Influenza, commonly known as \"the flu\", is an infectious disease of birds and mammals caused by RNA viruses of the family Orthomyxoviridae, the influenza viruses. The most common symptoms are chills, fever, runny nose, sore throat, muscle pains, headache, coughing, weakness/fatigue and general discomfort. Although it is often confused with other influenza-like illnesses, especially the common cold, influenza is a more severe disease caused by a different type of virus. Influenza may produce nausea and vomiting, particularly in children, but these symptoms are more common in the unrelated gastroenteritis, which is sometimes inaccurately referred to as \"stomach flu\" or \"24-hour flu\".\nTypically, influenza is transmitted through the air by coughs or sneezes, creating aerosols containing the virus. Influenza can also be transmitted by direct contact with bird droppings or nasal secretions, or through contact with contaminated surfaces. Airborne aerosols have been thought to cause most infections, although which means of transmission is most important is not absolutely clear. Influenza viruses can be inactivated by sunlight, disinfectants and detergents. As the virus can be inactivated by soap, frequent hand washing reduces the risk of infection. Flu can occasionally lead to pneumonia, either direct viral pneumonia or secondary bacterial pneumonia, even for persons who are usually very healthy. In particular it is a warning sign if a child seems to be getting better and then relapses with a high fever as this relapse may be bacterial pneumonia. Another warning sign is if the person starts to have trouble breathing.
/m/02f716	The following is a list of MTV Video Music Awards winners for Best Direction in a Video. In 2007, the award was briefly renamed Best Director, but it returned to its original name for the 2008 awards. The category's biggest winner, on the side of the artists, is Madonna, who won all three of her nominations in this category. Meanwhile, for the directors, Spike Jonze and David Fincher are the biggest winners with three wins, Spike Jonze won once credited as the \"Torrance Community Dance Group\".\nAs for nominations, the most nominated artist is Eminem, who has six nominations, while the most nominated is David Fincher, with eight nominations. Remarkably, Fincher's nominations were achieved mostly in three years, as in each year of 1989 and 1990 he was nominated a record three times. Fincher's latest nomination, though, occurred over twenty years later, as he received a nomination in 2013 for his video for \"Suit & Tie, which he won.\" Francis Lawrence is the second biggest nominee in this category, receiving six nominations from 2002 to 2010. Hype Williams is the director with most nominations and no wins.
/m/0vzm	Austin is the capital of Texas and the seat of Travis County. Located in Central Texas and the American Southwest, it is the 11th-largest city in the United States of America and the fourth-largest city in the state of Texas. It was the third-fastest-growing large city in the nation from 2000 to 2006. Austin is also the second largest state capital in the United States. Austin has a population of 842,592. The city is the cultural and economic center of the five-county Austin–Round Rock metropolitan area, which had an estimated population 1,834,303.\nIn the 1830s, pioneers began to settle the area in central Austin along the Colorado River. After Republic of Texas Vice President Mirabeau B. Lamar visited the area during a buffalo-hunting expedition between 1837 and 1838, he proposed that the republic's capital then located in Houston, Texas, be relocated to the area situated on the north bank of the Colorado River near the present-day Congress Avenue Bridge. In 1839, the site was officially chosen as the republic's new capital and was incorporated under the name Waterloo. Shortly thereafter, the name was changed to Austin in honor of Stephen F. Austin, the \"Father of Texas\" and the republic's first secretary of state.
/m/08304	William Morris was an English textile designer, artist, writer, and socialist associated with the Pre-Raphaelite Brotherhood and English Arts and Crafts Movement. He founded a design firm in partnership with the artist Edward Burne-Jones, and the poet and artist Dante Gabriel Rossetti which profoundly influenced the decoration of churches and houses into the early 20th century. As an author, illustrator and medievalist, he helped to establish the modern fantasy genre, and was a direct influence on postwar authors such as J. R. R. Tolkien. He was also a major contributor to reviving traditional textile arts and methods of production, and one of the founders of the Society for the Protection of Ancient Buildings, now a statutory element in the preservation of historic buildings in the UK.\nMorris wrote and published poetry, fiction, and translations of ancient and medieval texts throughout his life. His best-known works include The Defence of Guenevere and Other Poems, The Earthly Paradise, A Dream of John Ball, the utopian News from Nowhere, and the fantasy romance The Well at the World's End. He was an important figure in the emergence of socialism in Britain, founding the Socialist League in 1884, but breaking with that organization over goals and methods by the end of the decade. He devoted much of the rest of his life to the Kelmscott Press, which he founded in 1891. Kelmscott was devoted to the publishing of limited-edition, illuminated-style print books. The 1896 Kelmscott edition of the Works of Geoffrey Chaucer is considered a masterpiece of book design.
/m/01wqg8	Harvard Medical School is the graduate medical school of Harvard University. It is located in the Longwood Medical Area of the Mission Hill neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts. It is currently ranked the #1 research medical school in the United States by U.S. News & World Report.\nThe school has a large and distinguished faculty to support its missions of education, research, and clinical care. These faculty hold appointments in the basic science departments on the HMS Quadrangle, and in the clinical departments located in multiple Harvard-affiliated hospitals and institutions in Boston. There are approximately 2,900 full- and part-time voting faculty members consisting of assistant, associate, and full professors, and over 5,000 full or part-time, non-voting instructors.\nThe current dean of the medical school is Jeffrey S. Flier, an endocrinologist and the former Chief Academic Officer of the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, who succeeded neurologist Joseph B. Martin, M.D., Ph.D on September 1, 2007.
/m/01vvyc_	Curtis James Jackson III, better known by his stage name 50 Cent, is an American rapper, entrepreneur, investor, and actor from New York City, New York. He rose to fame with the release of his albums Get Rich or Die Tryin' and The Massacre. His major-label debut Get Rich or Die Tryin', has been certified eight times platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America. 50 Cent also gained prominence with East Coast hip hop group G-Unit, of which he is the de facto leader.\nBorn in the South Jamaica neighborhood in the New York City borough of Queens, Jackson began drug dealing at the age of twelve during the 1980s crack epidemic. After leaving drug dealing to pursue a rap career, he was shot at and struck by nine bullets during an incident in 2000. After releasing his album Guess Who's Back? in 2002, Jackson was discovered by rapper Eminem and signed to Interscope Records. With the help of Eminem and Dr. Dre, who produced his first major commercial successes, Jackson became one of the world's highest selling rappers. In 2003, he founded the record label G-Unit Records, which signed several successful rappers such as Young Buck, Lloyd Banks, and Tony Yayo.
/m/01pcmd	Aaron Spelling was an American film and television producer. As of 2009, Spelling's eponymous production company Spelling Television holds the record as the most prolific television writer, with 218 producer and executive producer credits. Forbes ranked him the 11th top-earning deceased celebrity in 2009.
/m/0fbw6	Cabbage is a leafy green or purple biennial plant, grown as an annual vegetable crop for its dense-leaved heads. Closely related to other cole crops, such as broccoli, cauliflower, and brussels sprouts, it descends from B. oleracea var. oleracea, a wild field cabbage. Cabbage heads generally range from 0.5 to 4 kilograms, and can be green, purple and white. Smooth-leafed firm-headed green cabbages are the most common, with smooth-leafed red and crinkle-leafed savoy cabbages of both colors seen more rarely. It is a multi-layered vegetable. Under conditions of long sunlit days such as are found at high northern latitudes in summer, cabbages can grow much larger. Some records are discussed at the end of the history section.\nIt is difficult to trace the exact history of cabbage, but it was most likely domesticated somewhere in Europe before 1000 BC, although savoys were not developed until the 16th century. By the Middle Ages, it had become a prominent part of European cuisine. Cabbage heads are generally picked during the first year of the plants' life cycles, but those intended for seed are allowed to grow a second year, and must be kept separated from other cole crops to prevent cross-pollination. Cabbage is prone to several nutrient deficiencies, as well as multiple pests, bacteria and fungal diseases.
/m/0dbc1s	David H. Mandel is an executive producer and director of Curb Your Enthusiasm, and one of the producers of the teen-comedy Eurotrip. He was a writer for Seinfeld during its seventh, eighth, and ninth seasons. He is also one of the creators of Clerks: The Animated Series, and he was a writer for Saturday Night Live. He had a brief stint as a host of Dave and Steve's Video Game Explosion, a comedy video game review show that aired late nights on TBS as part of the Burly Bear Network. The show only lasted a few episodes before the entire block was canceled.\nMandel wrote the Seinfeld episode The Bizarro Jerry, and on the commentary track to the DVD, has stated that this was his favorite Seinfeld of the episodes he wrote.
/m/02002f	Sinhala, also known as Sinhalese, is the mother tongue of the Sinhalese people, who make up the largest ethnic group in Sri Lanka, numbering about 16 million. Sinhala is also spoken, as a second language by other ethnic groups in Sri Lanka, totalling about 3 million. It belongs to the Indo-Aryan branch of the Indo-European languages. Sinhala is one of the official and national languages of Sri Lanka. Sinhala, along with Pali, played a major role in the development of Theravada Buddhist literature.\nSinhala has its own writing system, the Sinhala alphabet, which is a member of the Brahmic family of scripts, and a descendant of the ancient Indian Brahmi script.\nThe oldest Sinhala inscriptions found are from the 6th century BCE, on pottery; the oldest existing literary works date from the 9th century CE.\nThe closest relative of Sinhala is the language of the Maldives and Minicoy Island, Dhivehi.
/m/0184dt	Christopher Jonathan James Nolan is a British–American film director, screenwriter and producer. Nolan created several of the most successful films of the early 21st century, and his eight pictures have grossed more than $3.5 billion worldwide. He is known for bridging the gap between art house and blockbuster films by presenting audiences with intelligent, challenging narratives.\nHaving made his directorial debut with Following, Nolan gained considerable attention for his second feature, Memento. The acclaim of these independent films afforded Nolan the opportunity to make the big-budget thriller Insomnia, and the more offbeat production The Prestige; both were well-received critically and commercially. He found further popular and critical success with the big-screen epics The Dark Knight trilogy and Inception. He is currently working on the science-fiction film Interstellar, which is set to be released in November 2014. Nolan runs the London-based production company Syncopy Inc. with his wife Emma Thomas.\nNolan's films are rooted in philosophical, sociological and ethical concepts and ideas, exploring human morality, the construction of time, and the malleable nature of memory and personal identity. Experimentation with metafictive elements, temporal shifts, solipsistic perspectives, nonlinear storytelling and the analogous relationship between the visual language and narrative elements, permeate his entire body of work. Described as \"one of the most innovative storytellers and image makers at work in movies today\", Nolan is an Honorary Fellow of University College London, a three-time Academy Award nominee, and a recipient of numerous career achievement awards, including the BAFTA Britannia Award for Artistic Excellence in Directing.
/m/07s5fz	Shandong Luneng Taishan is a Chinese Super League football club owned by Shandong Luneng Group, the biggest supplier of electric energy in Shandong province. The team has been playing at the Shandong Provincial Stadium in Jinan, Shandong and is among the very few in the league that never relegated to the second division since the start of professional league football in China in 1994. The predecessor of Shandong Luneng Taishan was the Shandong Provincial team founded in April 1956. The club's first ever foreign coach was Kim Jung-Nam, who managed South Korea during 1986 FIFA World Cup. In 1999 the team won its first league Champion under former Yugoslavia head coach Slobodan Santrač and became the first Chinese club team to win the league and FA cup double. In the early 2000s the team was coached by former Soviet Union head coach Boris Ignatiev and former Cameroon World Cup head coach Valeri Nepomniachi. Ljubiša Tumbaković had been the head coach of the team from 2004 to 2009, the longest and most successful in the club history so far, having won two league titles and two FA cups in a period of five years.
/m/01llxp	Erich Friedrich Wilhelm Ludendorff was a German general, victor of Liège and of the Battle of Tannenberg. From August 1916 his appointment as Quartermaster general made him joint head, and chief engineer behind the management of Germany's effort in World War I until his resignation in October 1918.\nAfter the war, Ludendorff became a prominent nationalist leader, and a promoter of the stab-in-the-back legend, convinced that the German Army had been betrayed by Marxists and Republicans in the Versailles Treaty. He took part in the unsuccessful coups d’état of Wolfgang Kapp in 1920 and the Beer Hall Putsch of Adolf Hitler in 1923, and in 1925 he ran for president against his former colleague, Paul von Hindenburg, who he claimed had taken credit for Ludendorff's victories against Russia. From 1924 to 1928 he represented the German Völkisch Freedom Party in the German Parliament. Consistently pursuing a purely military line of thought, Ludendorff developed, after the war, the theory of “Total War,” which he published as Der Totale Krieg in 1935, in which he argued that the entire physical and moral forces of the nation should be mobilized, because, according to him, peace was merely an interval between wars. Ludendorff was a recipient of the Grand Cross of the Iron Cross and the Pour le Mérite.
/m/034xyf	Thoroughly Modern Millie is a 1967 American musical film directed by George Roy Hill and starring Julie Andrews. The screenplay by Richard Morris focuses on a naive young woman who finds herself in the midst of a series of madcap adventures when she sets her sights on marrying her wealthy boss.\nThe soundtrack interpolates new tunes by Jimmy Van Heusen and Sammy Cahn with standard songs from the 1910s and 1920s, including \"Baby Face\" and \"Jazz Baby.\" For use of the latter, the producers had to acquire the rights from General Mills, which had used the melody with various lyrics to promote Wheaties for more than forty years.\nThe film was nominated for seven Academy Awards and five Golden Globes. It was also the tenth highest grossing film of 1967. In 2000 it was adapted for a successful stage musical of the same name. A DVD was issued in 2003.
/m/018wl5	A parliamentary system is a system of democratic governance of a state in which the executive branch derives its democratic legitimacy from, and is held accountable to, the legislature; the executive and legislative branches are thus interconnected. In a parliamentary system, the head of state is normally a different person from the head of government. This is in contrast to a presidential system in a democracy, where the head of state often is also the head of government, and most importantly: the executive branch does not derive its democratic legitimacy from the legislature.\nCountries with parliamentary systems may be constitutional monarchies, where a monarch is the ceremonial head of state while the head of government is almost always a member of the legislature, or parliamentary republics, where a mostly ceremonial president is the head of state while the head of government is regularly from the legislature. In a few parliamentary republics, such as South Africa and Botswana, the head of government is also head of state, but is elected by and is answerable to the legislature.
/m/03jvmp	HBO Films is a division of the cable television network HBO that produces feature films and miniseries. While much of HBO Films output is created directly for the television market, such as the film Witness Protection and the miniseries Angels in America, Band of Brothers, The Pacific, Generation Kill, and Mildred Pierce, it has also branched into theatrical distribution with such critically acclaimed films as Elephant and American Splendor. These theatrical releases were usually handled by Picturehouse, a joint venture between HBO Films and New Line Cinema; both are owned by Time Warner.\nHBO began producing films in 1983 with their HBO Premiere Films banner. Their first film, The Terry Fox Story, was also the first feature film produced expressly for pay television. In 1985, HBO Pictures was started, folding the Premiere Films brand into it. Another film production company, HBO Showcase was folded into HBO Pictures to create the current company HBO Films.\nHBO Films productions are generally regarded to be high-quality and groundbreaking production. The films produced by the company have garnered hundreds of Primetime Emmy Awards and Golden Globe Awards. HBO Films productions have won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Made for Television Movie every year from 1993 to 2010, except 2000 and 2003. Elephant is the first film produced by HBO Films to win the Palme d'Or at the Cannes Film Festival.
/m/044ntk	Richard Benjamin is an American actor and film director.\nHe has starred in a number of well-known film productions, including Goodbye, Columbus, based on the novella by Philip Roth; Catch-22, from the Joseph Heller best-seller; Westworld, a science-fiction thriller by Michael Crichton, and The Sunshine Boys, written by Neil Simon.\nHe has directed, among other films, the 1982 comedy My Favorite Year.
/m/0cgwt8	Toronto FC is a Canadian professional soccer club based in Toronto, Ontario which competes in Major League Soccer. Toronto became MLS's fourteenth team in the league, and first Canadian team, upon the league's expansion in 2007. The team plays home matches at the soccer-specific BMO Field, located in Exhibition Place along the Toronto lake shore. The team is coached by Ryan Nelsen and operated by Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment, which also operates the NHL's Toronto Maple Leafs, the AHL's Toronto Marlies, and the NBA's Toronto Raptors.\nThe club won four consecutive Amway Canadian Championships from 2009 to 2012.
/m/01g1lp	Gus Green Van Sant, Jr. is an American film director, screenwriter, painter, photographer, musician, and author. He is a two-time nominee of the Academy Award for Best Director—for Good Will Hunting and Milk, both of which were also nominated for Best Picture—and won the Palme d'Or at the Cannes Film Festival for his film Elephant. He lives in Portland, Oregon.\nHis early career was devoted to directing television commercials in the Pacific Northwest. In his films, he has dealt with themes concerning homosexuality and other marginalized subcultures. His filmography as writer and director includes a 1994 adaptation of Tom Robbins' 1976 novel Even Cowgirls Get the Blues, which features a diverse cast; and My Own Private Idaho, also starring Reeves as well as River Phoenix.\nHe wrote the screenplays for most of his early movies, and wrote one novel, Pink. A book of his photography has also been published, called 108 Portraits.
/m/01g257	Marisa Tomei is an American stage, film, and television actress. Following her work on As The World Turns, Tomei came to prominence as a supporting cast member on The Cosby Show spinoff A Different World in 1987. After appearing in a few films, her breakthrough came in 1992 with the comedy My Cousin Vinny, for which she won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress.\nAppearing in many films over the past fifteen years, her most commercially successful films to date are What Women Want, Anger Management, and Wild Hogs. She received critical acclaim for her performances in Unhook the Stars, Slums of Beverly Hills, and Before the Devil Knows You're Dead and received Academy Award nominations for her performances in In the Bedroom and The Wrestler.
/m/09txzv	Where the Wild Things Are is a 2009 fantasy drama film directed by Spike Jonze and adapted from Maurice Sendak's 1963 children's book Where the Wild Things Are. It combines live action, performers in costumes, animatronics, and computer-generated imagery. The film stars Max Records, and features the voices of James Gandolfini, Paul Dano, Lauren Ambrose, Forest Whitaker, Catherine O'Hara, and Chris Cooper. The film centers around a lonely nine-year-old boy named Max who sails away to an island inhabited by creatures known as the \"Wild Things,\" who declare Max their king.\nIn the early 1980s, Disney considered adapting the film as a blend of traditionally animated characters and computer-generated environments, but development did not go past a test film to see how the animation hybridizing would result. In 2001, Universal Studios acquired rights to the book's adaptation and initially attempted to develop a computer-animated adaptation with Disney animator Eric Goldberg, but the CGI concept was replaced with a live-action one in 2003, and Goldberg was dropped for Spike Jonze. The film was co-produced by actor Tom Hanks through his production company Playtone and made on an estimated budget of around $100,000,000.
/m/0ftkx	Taipei, officially known as Taipei City, is the capital of the Republic of China. Situated at the northern tip of Taiwan, Taipei is located on the Tamsui River; it is about 25 km southwest of Keelung, a port city on the Pacific Ocean. It lies in the Taipei Basin, an ancient lakebed bounded by the two relatively narrow valleys of the Keelung and Xindian rivers, which join to form the Tamsui River along the city's western border. The city proper is home to an estimated 2,618,772 people. Taipei, New Taipei, and Keelung together form the Taipei–Keelung metropolitan area with a population of 6,900,273. They are administered under three municipal governing bodies. \"Taipei\" sometimes refers to the whole metropolitan area, while \"Taipei City\" refers to the city proper. Taipei City proper is surrounded on all sides by New Taipei.\nTaipei is the political, economic, and cultural center of Taiwan. Considered to be a global city, Taipei is part of a major industrial area. Railways, high speed rail, highways, airports, and bus lines connect Taipei with all parts of the island. The city is served by two airports – Taipei Songshan and Taiwan Taoyuan.
/m/0dlwj	Phnom Penh is the capital and largest city of Cambodia. Located on the banks of the Tonlé Sap and Mekong River, Phnom Penh has been the national capital since French colonization of Cambodia, and has grown to become the nation's center of economic and industrial activities, as well as the center of security, politics, cultural heritage, and diplomacy of Cambodia.\nOnce known as the \"Pearl of Asia,\" it was considered one of the loveliest French-built cities in Indochina in the 1920s. Phnom Penh, along with Siem Reap and Sihanoukville, are significant global and domestic tourist destinations for Cambodia. Founded in 1434, the city is noted for its beautiful and historical architecture and attractions. There are a number of surviving French colonial buildings scattered along the grand boulevards.\nSituated on the banks of the Tonlé Sap, Mekong and Bassac rivers, the Phnom Penh metropolitan area is home to about 2.2 million of Cambodia's population of over 14.8 million, up from about 1.9 million in 2008. The city is the wealthiest and most populous city in Cambodia and is the country's political hub.
/m/01tqfs	Sheffield United Football Club is a professional football club in Sheffield, South Yorkshire. They compete in League One, the third tier of English football. The football club was formed in 1889 as an offshoot of Sheffield United Cricket Club, and are nicknamed The Blades due to Sheffield's history of steel production. The club have played their home games at Bramall Lane since their formation in 1889.\nSheffield United won the League in 1898 and the FA Cup in 1899, 1902, 1915 and 1925. They were beaten finalists in the FA Cup in 1901 and 1936, and reached the semi-finals in 1961, 1993, 1998 and 2003. They reached the semi-finals of the League Cup in 2003.\nSheffield United were promoted to the Premier League in 2006 but were relegated in 2007. They reached the Championship play-off final in 2009 but were relegated to the third tier of English football in 2011.
/m/06s7rd	Shaffer Chimere Smith, better known by his stage name Ne-Yo, is an American R&B singer-songwriter, record producer, dancer, and actor. Beginning his career as a songwriter, Ne-Yo penned the hit \"Let Me Love You\" for singer Mario. The single's successful release in the United States prompted an informal meeting between Ne-Yo and Def Jam's label head, and the signing of a recording contract.\nIn 2006, he released his debut album, In My Own Words, which contained the US number one hit \"So Sick\", as well as the top 10 hit \"Sexy Love\". In 2007, he released his second album, Because of You, which contained the US top 3 hit of the same name. In 2008, he released his third album, Year of the Gentleman, which contained the top 10 hits \"Closer\", \"Mad\" and \"Miss Independent\". His fourth studio album, Libra Scale, was released on November 22, 2010. It received critical acclaim from music critics, but was a commercial disappointment, debuting at number nine on the US Billboard 200 chart, selling less than all of his previous three studio albums. In November 2012, Ne-Yo released his fifth studio album R.E.D. to favorable reviews and mild chart success. The album's debut single \"Let Me Love You\", became his first solo song to reach the top 10. In 2009, Billboard ranked him as the 57th Artist of the 2000s decade. In 2012, Ne-Yo was awarded the Hal David Starlight Award of the Songwriter's Hall of Fame which honors gifted songwriters who are at an apex in their careers and are making a significant impact in the music industry via their original songs.
/m/0d9s5	Utrecht is the capital and most populous city in the Dutch province of Utrecht. It is located in the eastern corner of the Randstad conurbation, and is the fourth largest city of the Netherlands with a population of 327,834 on 1 November 2013.\nUtrecht's ancient city centre features many buildings and structures from the Early Middle Ages. It has been the religious centre of the Netherlands since the 8th century. Currently it is the see of the Archbishop of Utrecht, the most important Dutch Roman Catholic leader. Utrecht is also the see of the archbishop of the Old Catholic church, titular head of the Union of Utrecht, and the location of the offices of the main Protestant church. Until the Dutch Golden Age, Utrecht was the most important city of the Netherlands; then, Amsterdam became its cultural centre and most populous city.\nUtrecht is host to Utrecht University, the largest university of the Netherlands, as well as several other institutes for higher education. Due to its central position within the country, it is an important transport hub for both rail and road transport. It has the second highest number of cultural events in the Netherlands, after Amsterdam.
/m/02rn_bj	Chris Seefried is an American artist, record producer, songwriter and multi-instrumentalist, best known as the lead vocalist and frontman of the bands Gods Child, Joe 90, and Low Stars, and as producer and co-writer for the neo-soul band Fitz and the Tantrums.
/m/042q3	Johann Wolfgang von Goethe was a German writer and politician. His body of work includes epic and lyric poetry written in a variety of metres and styles; prose and verse dramas; memoirs; an autobiography; literary and aesthetic criticism; treatises on botany, anatomy, and colour; and four novels. In addition, numerous literary and scientific fragments, more than 10,000 letters, and nearly 3,000 drawings by him are extant.\nA literary celebrity by the age of 25, Goethe was ennobled by the Duke of Saxe-Weimar, Carl August in 1782 after first taking up residence there in November of 1775 following the success of his first novel, The Sorrows of Young Werther. He was an early participant in the Sturm und Drang literary movement. During his first ten years in Weimar, Goethe served as a member of the Duke's privy council, sat on the war and highway commissions, oversaw the reopening of silver mines in nearby Ilmenau, and implemented a series of administrative reforms at the University of Jena. He also contributed to the planning of Weimar's botanical park and the rebuilding of its Ducal Palace, which in 1998 were together designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
/m/01v3s2_	Fred Armisen is an American actor, voice actor, writer, producer, director, singer, musician, and comedian. He is best known for his work as a cast member on Saturday Night Live from 2002 until 2013, and portraying characters in comedy films, including EuroTrip, Anchorman, and Cop Out. With his comedy partner, Carrie Brownstein, Armisen is the co-creator and co-star of the IFC sketch comedy series Portlandia. He also founded ThunderAnt.com, a website that features the comedy sketches created with Brownstein. Armisen's work was recognized in 2012 with a nomination for an Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing for a Variety Series. Armisen is also the bandleader for the Late Night with Seth Meyers house band, \"The 8G Band\".
/m/01j48s	D.C. United is an American professional soccer club based in Washington, D.C. which competes in Major League Soccer. It is one of the ten charter clubs of MLS, having competed in the league since its inception, in 1996.\nD.C. United has won 13 international and domestic titles or honors over the club's history. D.C. United was one of the most successful clubs in the early years of MLS, winning 8 of its 13 titles between 1996 and 1998 under head coach Bruce Arena. United holds an MLS record for most MLS Cup and Supporters' Shields apiece, winning each honor four times, and has won the U.S. Open Cup three times. United was also the first club to win both the MLS Cup and MLS Supporters' Shield consecutively.\nOn the international stage, D.C. United has competed in both the CONCACAF Champions League and its predecessor, the CONCACAF Champions' Cup. The club participated in the 2005 and 2007 editions of the Copa Sudamericana. In 1998, the club won the CONCACAF Champions' Cup. Subsequently, United won the now-defunct Copa Interamericana, a CONCACAF-CONMEBOL super cup, in 1998 against Vasco da Gama of Brazil.\nThe team's home field is the 45,596-seat Robert F. Kennedy Memorial Stadium, owned by the District of Columbia and located on the Anacostia River. The team has proposed building a new 24,000-seat soccer-specific stadium at multiple possible sites in the Washington metropolitan area, the most recent proposal being at Buzzard Point just a few blocks from Nationals Park. The team is owned by the consortium D.C. United Holdings. The team's head coach is former long-time starting midfielder Ben Olsen, who has coached the team since 2010.
/m/01dwyd	Atalanta Bergamasca Calcio, commonly known as just Atalanta, Atalanta Bergamo or the abbreviation Atalanta BC, is an Italian football club based in Bergamo, Lombardy. The club currently plays in Serie A, having gained the promotion from Serie B in 2010–11.\nThey are nicknamed the Nerazzurri and the orobici. Atalanta play in blue-and-black vertically striped shirts, black shorts and black socks. The club stadium is the 26,638 seater Atleti Azzurri d'Italia.\nIn Italy, Atalanta is sometimes called Regina delle provinciali to mark the fact that the club is historically one of the most consistent among the non-metropolitan ones, having played 53 times in Serie A, 28 times in Serie B and only once in Serie C1.\nThe club won the Coppa Italia in 1963 and reached the Cup Winners' Cup Semifinal in 1988, when it was still competing in Serie B. This is still the best ever performance by a non-first division club in a major UEFA competition. Atalanta also participated twice to the UEFA Cup, reaching the quarterfinals in 1990-91.
/m/0g3zpp	The 2007 National Football League Draft took place at Radio City Music Hall in New York City on April 28 and April 29, 2007. The draft was televised for the 28th consecutive year on ESPN and ESPN2. The NFL Network also broadcast coverage of the event, its second year doing so. There were 255 draft selections: 223 regular selections and 32 compensatory selections. A supplemental draft was also held after the regular draft and before the regular season. This was the first draft presided over by new NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell.\nThe first round was the longest in the history of the NFL Draft, lasting six hours, eight minutes. One of the big stories of the draft was the fall of Notre Dame quarterback Brady Quinn. Quinn had been projected as a potential first overall pick in early mock drafts and had been invited to attend the draft in person, but he wasn't selected until the 22nd pick in the first round by the Cleveland Browns, who acquired the pick in a trade with the Dallas Cowboys. Louisiana State University quarterback JaMarcus Russell was selected first overall by the Oakland Raiders after he had replaced Quinn as the projected first selection among most analysts following his performance in the 2007 Sugar Bowl against Quinn and Notre Dame. Russell is considered by many as one of the biggest draft busts in NFL history.
/m/06br8	Rugby union, or simply rugby, is a full contact team sport which originated in England in the early 19th century. One of the two codes of rugby football, it is based on running with the ball in hand. In its most common form a game is between two teams of 15 players using an oval-shaped ball on a field with H-shaped goalposts on each goal line.\nWilliam Webb Ellis is often credited with the innovation of running with the ball in hand in 1823 at Rugby School when he allegedly caught the ball while playing football and ran towards the opposition goal. However, the evidence for the story is doubtful. In 1845, the first football laws were written by Rugby School pupils; other significant events in the early development of rugby include the Blackheath Club's decision to leave the Football Association in 1863 and the split between rugby union and rugby league in 1895. Historically an amateur sport, in 1995 the International Rugby Board removed restrictions on payments to players, making the game openly professional at the highest level for the first time.\nThe IRB has been the governing body for rugby union since its formation in 1886. Rugby union spread from the Home Nations of Great Britain and Ireland, and was absorbed by many of the countries associated with the British Empire. Early exponents of the sport included Australia, New Zealand and South Africa. Countries that have adopted rugby union as their de facto national sport include Fiji, Georgia, Madagascar, New Zealand, Samoa, Tonga and Wales. Rugby union is played in over 100 countries across six continents and as of 2014, the IRB has 101 full members and 18 associate members.
/m/09p06	Otto Ludwig Preminger was an Austrian American theatre and film director.\nAfter moving from the theatre to Hollywood, he directed over 35 feature films in a five-decade career. He first gained attention for film noir mysteries such as Laura and Fallen Angel while in the 1950s and '60s, he directed a number of high-profile adaptations of popular novels and stage works. Several of these later films pushed the boundaries of censorship by dealing with topics which were then taboo in Hollywood, such as drug addiction, rape and homosexuality. He was twice nominated for the Academy Award for Best Director. He also had a few acting roles.
/m/044ptm	Om Puri OBE is an Indian and English actor who has appeared in mainstream commercial Indian films, Independent films and art films. His credits also include appearances in British and American films. He is also the winner of the Padma Shri Award, India's fourth highest Civilian Award.
/m/0420td	Suwon Samsung Bluewings is a South Korean football club based in the city of Suwon, South Korea, that plays in the K League Classic. Founded in December 1995, they have become one of Asian football's most famous clubs with a host of domestic and continental honours. Suwon have won the championship on four occasions, in 1998, 1999, 2004 and 2008.\nAsia's Player of the Century Cha Bum-Kun was the manager of the club from 2004 to 2010, when he replaced former national team manager Kim Ho who had been the club's first manager.
/m/03j3pg9	John David Jackson, better known by his stage name, Fabolous, is an American hip hop recording artist from Brooklyn, New York.\nHis first release was the 2001 Ghetto Fabolous, which spawned the hit singles \"Can't Deny It\" and \"Young'n\". His second release was the 2003 album Street Dreams, which spawned the two top-10 hits \"Can't Let You Go\" with Lil' Mo and Mike Shorey, and \"Into You\", with Tamia/ Ashanti.\nHe is also known for his songs, \"Breathe\", \"Make Me Better\" from the 2007 album From Nothin' to Somethin', \"My Time\" and \"Throw It in the Bag\" from his album Loso's Way. Fabolous is also signed to Diddy's Ciroc Management company.
/m/02p_04b	The Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Younger Actor in a Drama Series is an award presented annually by the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences and Academy of Television Arts & Sciences. It was first awarded at the 12th Daytime Emmy Awards, held in 1985 and is given to honor a young actor below the age of 25, who has delivered an outstanding performance in a role while working within the daytime drama industry. The awards ceremony had not been aired on television for the prior two years, having been criticized for voting integrity. The award category was originally called Outstanding Young Man or Outstanding Juvenile Male in a Drama Series, and began using its current title in 1991. Years before this category was introduced, networks declined to broadcast the show during a time of voting integrity rumors and waning interest. Confusion rose around the criteria of the new category due to the varying ages of the nominees. Within the first set of nominees, Brian Bloom became the youngest actor nominated for a Daytime Emmy Award at the time at age 15, while the other actors nominated in the category were over 25. The criteria were later altered, requiring that the actor be aged 25 or below.
/m/03xl77	Travis Landon Barker is an American musician and producer, most noted as the drummer for the American rock band Blink-182. Barker has also performed as a frequent collaborator with hip-hop artists, and with the alternative rock band +44, the rap rock group The Transplants, and the alternative rock band Box Car Racer. He was a frequent collaborator with the late DJ AM, and together they formed TRV$DJAM.\nAfter the split of his first band, Feeble, Barker began playing for The Aquabats in 1996 as The Baron Von Tito. He recorded one album with them, The Fury of The Aquabats!, in 1997. His career took off when he joined up with Blink-182 in 1998. Barker has since established himself as a versatile drummer, producing and making guest appearances in music projects of numerous music genres including hip hop, alternative rock, pop and country. He has gained significant acceptance within the hip-hop community in particular and often collaborates with artists to compose rock-tinged remixes to their songs. Barker collaborated with artists for his solo debut album, Give the Drummer Some, which was released on March 15, 2011.
/m/0jt90f5	Stephen Edwin King is an American author of contemporary horror, suspense, science fiction and fantasy. His books have sold more than 350 million copies and many of them have been adapted into feature films, television movies and comic books. King has published fifty novels, including seven under the pen name Richard Bachman, and five non-fiction books. He has written nearly two hundred short stories, most of which have been collected in nine collections of short fiction. Many of his stories are set in his home state of Maine.\nKing has received Bram Stoker Awards, World Fantasy Awards, British Fantasy Society Awards, his novella The Way Station was a Nebula Award novelette nominee, and his short story \"The Man in the Black Suit\" received the O. Henry Award. In 2003, the National Book Foundation awarded him the Medal for Distinguished Contribution to American Letters. He has also received awards for his contribution to literature for his entire oeuvre, such as the World Fantasy Award for Life Achievement, the Canadian Booksellers Association Lifetime Achievement Award and the Grand Master Award from the Mystery Writers of America.
/m/03tcnt	The Grammy Award for Best Rock Album is an award presented at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards, to recording artists for quality albums in the rock music genre. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position\".\nThe award for Best Rock Album was first presented to the band The Rolling Stones in 1995, and the name of the category has remained unchanged since then. According to the category description guide for the 52nd Grammy Awards, the award is presented to \"vocal or instrumental rock, hard rock or metal albums containing at least 51% playing time of newly recorded material\". Since 1996, award recipients have often included the producers, engineers, and/or mixers associated with the nominated work in addition to the recording artists.\nThe band Foo Fighters holds the record for the most wins in this category, with four. Two-time winners include Sheryl Crow, Green Day, and U2. Foo Fighters and Neil Young hold the record for the most nominations, with six. Young also holds the record for the most nominations without a win.
/m/060kv	PHP is a server-side scripting language designed for web development but also used as a general-purpose programming language. PHP is now installed on more than 244 million websites and 2.1 million web servers. Originally created by Rasmus Lerdorf in 1995, the reference implementation of PHP is now produced by The PHP Group. While PHP originally stood for Personal Home Page, it now stands for PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor, a recursive backronym.\nPHP code is interpreted by a web server with a PHP processor module, which generates the resulting web page: PHP commands can be embedded directly into an HTML source document rather than calling an external file to process data. It has also evolved to include a command-line interface capability and can be used in standalone graphical applications.\nPHP is free software released under the PHP License. PHP can be deployed on most web servers and also as a standalone shell on almost every operating system and platform, free of charge.
/m/01nc3rh	Klaus Badelt is a German composer, best known for composing film scores.
/m/02v570	Fahrenheit 9/11 is a 2004 documentary film by American filmmaker and director and political commentator Michael Moore. The film takes a critical look at the presidency of George W. Bush, the War on Terror, and its coverage in the news media. The film is the highest grossing documentary of all time.\nIn the film, Moore contends that American corporate media were \"cheerleaders\" for the 2003 invasion of Iraq and did not provide an accurate or objective analysis of the rationale for the war or the resulting casualties there. The film generated intense controversy, including disputes over its accuracy.\nThe film debuted at the 2004 Cannes Film Festival in the documentary film category and received a 20 minute standing ovation, among the longest standing ovations in the festival's history. The film was also awarded the Palme d'Or, the festival's highest award.\nThe title of the film alludes to Ray Bradbury's 1953 novel Fahrenheit 451, a dystopian view of the future United States, drawing an analogy between the autoignition temperature of paper and the date of the September 11 attacks; the film's tagline is \"The Temperature at Which Freedom Burns.\"
/m/02wk4d	Nicholas Tse a.k.a Tse Ting-fung, Chinese: 謝霆鋒, is a Hong Kong singer, songwriter, musician, actor and entrepreneur. Tse is a member of the Emperor Entertainment Group.\nTse initially entered the entertainment industry in 1996 as a singer. He originally learned martial arts for the screen and television, which Tse continues to practice. He made his film debut in 1998 with the crime film Young and Dangerous: The Prequel, for which Tse received the Hong Kong Film Award for his performance in the Best New Performer category. In 2003, Tse founded Post Production Office Limited, the biggest special effects companies in Hong Kong which provides services for movies, video games, and advertisements. The company grosses over one billion Hong Kong dollars annually each year.\nIn 2011, he won the award for Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actor.\nIn November 2012, Tse attended a Hong Kong Avenue of Stars Hand Imprint Ceremony.
/m/029ql	Doris Day is an American actress, singer, and animal rights activist.\nDay began her career as a big band singer in 1939. Her popularity began to rise after her first hit recording, \"Sentimental Journey\", in 1945. After leaving Les Brown & His Band of Renown to try a solo career, she started her long-lasting partnership with Columbia Records, which would remain her only recording label. The contract lasted from 1947 to 1967, and included more than 650 recordings, making Day one of the most popular and acclaimed singers of the 20th century. In 1948, after being persuaded by Sammy Cahn, Jule Styne and her agent at the time, Al Levy, she auditioned for Michael Curtiz, which led to her being cast in the female lead role in Romance on the High Seas.\nOver the course of her career, Day appeared in 39 films. She was ranked the biggest box-office star, the only woman on that list, for four years ranking in the top 10 for ten years. She became the top-ranking female box-office star of all time and is currently ranked sixth among the top 10 box office performers, as of 2012. She received an Academy Award nomination for her performance in Pillow Talk, won three Henrietta Awards, received the Los Angeles Film Critics Association's Career Achievement Award and, in 1989, received the Cecil B. DeMille Award for lifetime achievement in motion pictures. Day made her last film in 1968.
/m/0140g4	Rocky V is a 1990 American film. The fifth film in the Rocky series, written by and starring Sylvester Stallone, and co-starring Talia Shire, Stallone's real life late son Sage, and real life boxer, the late Tommy Morrison, as boxer Tommy Gunn, a talented yet raw boxer. Sage played Robert Balboa, whose relationship with his famous father is explored. After Stallone directed the second through fourth films in the series, Rocky V saw the return of director John G. Avildsen, whose direction of the first film won him an Academy Award for Best Director.\nReception to the film was generally negative and it was considered a very disappointing conclusion to the series. The box office gross was highly diminished from its predecessor by at least $190 million. This film marked the final appearance of Talia Shire and Burgess Meredith in the Rocky series.\nThough this was presumed to be the ending of the series, Sylvester Stallone made the sixth and final entry into the series, Rocky Balboa released on December 20, 2006. Due to the low box office result, this was the last Rocky movie that United Artists had any involvement in.
/m/02pqp12	Winners of the BAFTA Award for Best Direction presented by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts. John Schlesinger, Roman Polanski, Woody Allen, Alan Parker, Louis Malle, Joel Coen, Peter Weir and Ang Lee tie for the most wins in this category, with two each. Martin Scorsese holds the record for most nominations, with nine.
/m/02fttd	The King of Comedy is a 1983 American black comedy film starring Robert De Niro and Jerry Lewis, and directed by Martin Scorsese. The subject of the movie is celebrity worship and the American media culture. It was released on February 18, 1983 in the United States by 20th Century Fox.
/m/025jj7	Nelson Smock Riddle, Jr. was an American arranger, composer, bandleader and orchestrator whose career stretched from the late 1940s to the mid-1980s. His work for Capitol Records kept such vocalists as Frank Sinatra, Ella Fitzgerald, Nat King Cole, Judy Garland, Dean Martin, Peggy Lee, Johnny Mathis, Rosemary Clooney and Keely Smith household names. He found commercial and critical success again in the 1980s with a trio of Platinum albums with Linda Ronstadt.
/m/01vt5c_	Mathangi \"Maya\" Arulpragasam better known by her stage name M.I.A., is a British recording artist, songwriter, painter and director. The moniker \"M.I.A.\" is both a play on her own name and a reference to the abbreviation for Missing in Action. Her compositions combine elements of electronic, dance, alternative, hip hop and world music. Arulpragasam began her career in 2000 as a visual artist, filmmaker and designer in west London before beginning her recording career in 2002. Since rising to prominence in early 2004 for her singles \"Sunshowers\" and \"Galang\", charting in the UK and Canada and reaching number 11 on the Billboard Hot Dance Singles Sales in the US, she has been nominated for an Academy Award, two Grammy Awards and the Mercury Prize.\nShe released her début album Arular in 2005 and second album Kala in 2007 both to universal critical acclaim. Arular charted in Norway, Belgium, Sweden, Japan and the US, where it reached number 16 on the Billboard Independent Albums chart and number three on the Dance/Electronic Albums chart. Kala was certified silver in the United Kingdom and gold in Canada and the United States, where it topped the Dance/Electronic Albums chart. It also charted in several countries across Europe, in Japan and Australia. The album's first single \"Boyz\" reached the Top 10 in Canada and on the Billboard Hot Dance Singles Sales in 2007, becoming her first Top 10 charting single. The single \"Paper Planes\" peaked in the Top 20 worldwide and reached number four on the Billboard Hot 100. \"Paper Planes\" was certified gold in New Zealand and three times platinum in Canada and the US where, as of November 2011, it is ranked the seventh best-selling song by a British artist in the digital era. It has become XL Recordings' second best-selling single to date. M.I.A.'s third album Maya was released in 2010 soon after the controversial song-film short \"Born Free\". This became her highest-charting album in the UK and the US, reaching number nine on the Billboard 200, topping the Dance/Electronic Albums chart and debuting in the Top 10 in Finland, Norway, Greece and Canada. The single \"XXXO\" reached the Top 40 in Belgium, Spain and the UK. M.I.A. has embarked on four global headlining tours and is the founder of her own multimedia label, N.E.E.T.. Her fourth studio album, Matangi, was released in 2013.
/m/08n__5	Bret Peter Tarrant McKenzie, ONZM is a New Zealand comedian, actor, Academy Award-winning musician and producer, best known for being one half of the Grammy Award winning musical comedy duo Flight of the Conchords along with Jemaine Clement. McKenzie served as music supervisor for the 2011 film The Muppets, and won an Academy Award for Best Original Song for the song \"Man or Muppet\".\nAs an actor, he is known for portraying two different characters in Peter Jackson's The Lord of the Rings and The Hobbit film trilogies, respectively: in the first he portrays Figwit, one of the most prominent characters of the film to be an original one and not based on Tolkien's works, and in The Hobbit portrays Lindir, a small character who originally appears in The Fellowship of the Ring book.
/m/09mq4m	Paul Epworth is a British music producer, musician, and songwriter. His production and writing credits include Adele, Florence and the Machine, Cee Lo Green, Foster the People, John Legend, Azealia Banks, Paul McCartney, Bruno Mars, Plan B, Crystal Castles, Friendly Fires, Bloc Party, Annie, Chapel Club, Primal Scream, The Rapture, Jack Peñate, Kate Nash, and Maxïmo Park. On 12 February 2012 at the 54th Grammy Awards, he won four Grammy Awards for Producer of the Year, Album of the Year, and Song of the Year and Record of the Year. He won the Academy Award for Best Original Song alongside Adele, for \"Skyfall\". His sister Mary Epworth is a singer and songwriter. He is a member of the Music Producers Guild.
/m/02c_4	The Detroit Lions are a professional American football team based in Detroit, Michigan. They are members of the North Division of the National Football Conference in the National Football League, and play their home games at Ford Field in Downtown Detroit.\nOriginally based in Portsmouth, Ohio and called the Portsmouth Spartans, the team began play in 1929 as an independent professional team, one of many such teams in the Ohio and Scioto River valleys. For the 1930 season, the Spartans formally joined the NFL as the other area independents folded because of the Great Depression. Despite success within the NFL, they could not survive in Portsmouth, then the NFL's smallest city. The team was purchased and moved to Detroit for the 1934 season.\nThe Lions have won four NFL Championships, tied for 9th overall in total championships amongst all 32 NFL franchises; although the last was in 1957, which gives the club the second-longest NFL championship drought behind the Arizona Cardinals. The Lions are the only franchise to have gone winless since the move to sixteen season games in 1978, going 0–16 during the 2008 NFL season. They are also one of four current teams to have never played in the Super Bowl.
/m/09xwz	The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences is a professional honorary organization dedicated to the advancement of the arts and sciences of motion pictures. The Academy's corporate management and general policies are overseen by a Board of Governors, which includes representatives from each of the craft branches.\nThe Academy is composed of almost 6,000 motion picture professionals. While the great majority of its members are based in the United States, membership is open to qualified filmmakers around the world.\nThe Academy is known around the world for its annual Academy Awards, now officially known as The Oscars. In addition, the Academy gives Student Academy Awards annually to filmmakers at the undergraduate and graduate level; awards up to five Nicholl Fellowships in Screenwriting annually; and operates the Margaret Herrick Library in Beverly Hills, California and the Pickford Center for Motion Picture Study in Hollywood, Los Angeles, California.\nThe current president of the Academy is Cheryl Boone Isaacs. She is the first African American and third woman to lead the Academy.
/m/01hvv0	The Fairly OddParents is an American animated television series created by Butch Hartman for Nickelodeon. The series revolves around Timmy Turner, a 10-year-old boy who is granted two fairy godparents named Cosmo and Wanda. The series started out as cartoon segments that ran from September 4, 1998, to March 23, 2001, on Oh Yeah! Cartoons and was later picked up as a series. The series is produced by Frederator Studios and, as of season 6, Billionfold, Inc. For the first four seasons, it was distributed outside the United States by the Canadian company, Nelvana International.\nThe Fairly OddParents is the second-longest-running Nicktoon, behind SpongeBob SquarePants. Season 9 of the series began development in June 2012 and began airing on Nickelodeon on March 23, 2013.
/m/0ct9_	Michel Foucault was a French philosopher, historian of ideas, social theorist, philologist and literary critic. His theories addressed the relationship between power and knowledge, and how they are used as a form of social control through societal institutions. Though often cited as a post-structuralist and postmodernist, Foucault ultimately rejected these labels, preferring to classify his thought as a critical history of modernity. His thought has been highly influential for both academic and activist groups.\nBorn in Poitiers, France to an upper-middle-class family, Foucault was educated at the Lycée Henri-IV and then the École Normale Supérieure, where he developed an interest in philosophy and came under the influence of his tutors Jean Hyppolite and Louis Althusser. After several years as a cultural diplomat abroad, he returned to France and published his first major book, The History of Madness. After obtaining work between 1960 and 1966 at the University of Clermont-Ferrand, he produced two more significant publications, The Birth of the Clinic and The Order of Things, which displayed his increasing involvement with structuralism, a theoretical movement in social anthropology from which he later distanced himself. These first three histories were examples of a historiographical technique Foucault was developing he called \"archaeology\".
/m/05397h	Holby City, stylised as HOLBY CI+Y, is a British medical drama television series that airs weekly on BBC One.\nThe series was created by Tony McHale and Mal Young as a spin-off from the established BBC medical drama Casualty, and premiered on 12 January 1999. The show follows the lives of medical and ancillary staff at the fictional Holby City Hospital, the same hospital as Casualty.\nThe show's first executive producers were Mal and Johnathan Young, who were succeeded by Kathleen Hutchison from 2003 to 2004, Richard Stokes from 2004 to 2006, McHale from 2006 to 2010, Belinda Campbell from 2010 to 2011, Johnathan Young from 2011 to 2013, and Oliver Kent from 2013. The series won a BAFTA in 2008 for Best Continuing Drama, and consistently draws over 5 million viewers per week on BBC One.
/m/0dgq80b	Ghost Rider 2 is an action, fantasy, thriller film written by Scott M. Gimple, Seth Hoffman and directed by Mark Neveldine and Brian Taylor to be released in the year 2012.
/m/03z8bw	The Honduras national football team, nicknamed Los Catrachos, La Bicolor or La H, is the national team of Honduras and is controlled by the Federación Nacional Autónoma de Fútbol de Honduras. They are a rising team in CONCACAF, an ascent that started with their third place finish in the 2001 Copa América, where they were a late invitee, due to a withdrawal by Argentina one day prior to kickoff. To date, the team has qualified three times for the finals of the FIFA World Cup, in 1982, 2010 and 2014.\nHonduras contests the Central America derby against Costa Rica. Honduras has lost most of the matches of this fixture, winning 20 times to Costa Rica's 22 victories.
/m/02wlk	Frank Lloyd Wright was an American architect, interior designer, writer and educator, who designed more than 1000 structures and completed 532 works. Wright believed in designing structures which were in harmony with humanity and its environment, a philosophy he called organic architecture. This philosophy was best exemplified by his design for Fallingwater, which has been called \"the best all-time work of American architecture\". Wright was a leader of the Prairie School movement of architecture and developed the concept of the Usonian home, his unique vision for urban planning in the United States.\nHis work includes original and innovative examples of many different building types, including offices, churches, schools, skyscrapers, hotels, and museums. Wright also designed many of the interior elements of his buildings, such as the furniture and stained glass. Wright authored 20 books and many articles and was a popular lecturer in the United States and in Europe. His colorful personal life often made headlines, most notably for the 1914 fire and murders at his Taliesin studio. Already well known during his lifetime, Wright was recognized in 1991 by the American Institute of Architects as \"the greatest American architect of all time.\"
/m/01gkp1	The Royal Tenenbaums is a 2001 American comedy-drama film directed by Wes Anderson and co-written with Owen Wilson. The film stars Danny Glover, Gene Hackman, Anjelica Huston, Bill Murray, Gwyneth Paltrow, Ben Stiller, Luke Wilson, and Owen Wilson.\nIt follows the lives of three gifted siblings who experience great success in youth, and even greater disappointment and failure after their eccentric father leaves them in their adolescent years. An ironic and absurdist sense of humor pervades the film.\nHackman won a Golden Globe for his performance. The screenplay was nominated for an Academy Award. In 2008, a poll taken by Empire ranked it as the 159th greatest film ever made.
/m/0436kgz	José Antonio Domínguez Banderas, better known as Antonio Banderas, is a Spanish film actor, film director, film producer and singer. He began his acting career with a series of films by director Pedro Almodóvar and then appeared in high-profile Hollywood movies, especially in the 1990s, including Assassins, Evita, Interview with the Vampire, Philadelphia, Desperado, The Mask of Zorro and Spy Kids. Banderas is also a voice artist, portraying the voice of Puss in Boots in the Shrek sequels and Puss in Boots as well as the bee in the US Nasonex commercials.
/m/06n9lt	William Augustus Wellman was an American film director. Although Wellman began his film career as an actor, he worked on over 80 films, as director, producer and consultant, but most often as a director, notable for his work in crime, adventure and action genre films, often focusing on aviation themes, a particular passion. He also directed several well-regarded satirical comedies.\nWellman directed the 1927 film Wings, which became the first film to win an Academy Award for Best Picture at the 1st Academy Awards ceremony.
/m/09p0q	Donald Siegel was an American film director and producer. His name variously appeared in the credits of his films as both Don Siegel and Donald Siegel. He was best known for the original Invasion of the Body Snatchers as well as five films with Clint Eastwood, including Dirty Harry and Escape from Alcatraz, and John Wayne's final picture, 1976's The Shootist.
/m/02j4sk	Peter Aurness, known professionally as Peter Graves, was an American film and television actor. He was best known for his starring role in the CBS television series Mission: Impossible from 1967 to 1973 and from 1988 to 1990. His elder brother was actor James Arness.
/m/0bg4f9	Turn- und Sportgemeinschaft 1899 Hoffenheim e.V., or simply TSG 1899 Hoffenheim is a German association football club based in Hoffenheim, a suburb of Sinsheim, Baden-Württemberg. In 2007 the club decided to adopt the use of the short form name 1899 Hoffenheim in place of the traditional TSG Hoffenheim. A fifth division side in 2000, the club made a remarkable advance to the German football league system top tier Bundesliga in 2008 with the financial backing of alumnus and software mogul Dietmar Hopp.
/m/03nqnk3	The BAFTA Fellowship is a lifetime achievement award presented by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts since 1971 \"in recognition of outstanding achievement in the art forms of the moving image\", and is the highest honour the Academy can bestow. Fellowship recipients have been mainly film directors, but some have also been awarded to actors, film and television producers, cinematographers, film editors, screenwriters and to contributors to the video game industry. People from the United Kingdom dominate the list, but it includes over a dozen U.S. citizens and several from other countries in Europe, though none of the latter have been recognized since 1996. Shigeru Miyamoto, in 2010, became the first citizen of an Asian country to receive the award, and Rolf Harris the first from Australasia in 2012.\nThe inaugural recipient of the award was film-maker and producer Alfred Hitchcock. Twice the award has been made posthumously: to comedy pair Morecambe and Wise, recipients in 1999, and to Stanley Kubrick, who died that same year and was made a fellow in 2000. The most recent recipient was actress Helen Mirren in 2014.
/m/03fb3t	Honolulu County is a consolidated city–county located in the U.S. state of Hawaii. The City and County includes both the city of Honolulu and the rest of the island of Oʻahu, as well as several minor outlying islands, including all of the Northwestern Hawaiian Islands except Midway Atoll.\nThe consolidated city-county was established in the city charter adopted in 1907 and accepted by the Legislature of the Territory of Hawaiʻi. As a municipal corporation and jurisdiction it manages aspects of government traditionally exercised by both municipalities and counties in the rest of the United States.\nThe population of Honolulu County at the 2010 Census was 953,207, making it the tenth-largest municipality in the United States. Because of Hawaii's municipal structure, the United States Census Bureau divides Honolulu County into several census-designated places for statistical purposes.\nThe current mayor of Honolulu County is Kirk Caldwell, who reclaimed the job from the person who defeated him in a 2010 special election, Peter Carlisle, in 2013. The county motto is Haʻaheo No ʻO Honolulu.
/m/06kcjr	The word hyphy is San Francisco Bay Area slang meaning \"hyperactive.\" More specifically it is an adjective that describes the music and the urban culture associated with that area. It was created by Oakland-based rapper Keak da Sneak when he used the term on an album he recorded in 1994. The hyphy culture began to emerge in the late 1990s and early 2000s as a response from Bay Area rappers against commercial hip hop for not acknowledging their region for setting trends in the hip hop industry. It is distinguished by gritty, pounding rhythms, and in this sense can be associated with San Francisco Bay as crunk music is to the Southern United States. An individual is said to \"get hyphy\" when they dance in an overstated, fast paced and ridiculous manner, or if they get overly loud with other people. The phrase \"to get hyphy\" is similar to the southern phrase \"to get crunk\". Those who consider themselves part of the hyphy movement strive for this behavior.\nAlthough the \"hyphy movement\" has just recently seen light in mainstream America, it has been a long standing and ever evolving culture in the Bay Area since the early 1990s. Throughout the Bay Area, there are regularly events called \"sideshows\", where different people come together and partake in or watch illegal automobile performances. This is where drivers do things such as donuts, ghost-riding and street race while others dance and \"go dumb\" around them. These events can be very dangerous. From a USA Today article: \"Every record label was getting at us at that time, but we fumbled the ball,\" says E-40, whose My Ghetto Report Card entered the Billboard album chart at No. 3 in March. \"I hung on like a hubcap in the fast lane along with a few other rappers, and now it's time again. We had a 10-year drought and they went to other regions and were bypassing us like the sand out here. But we're trendsetters, and the rap game without the Bay Area is like old folks without bingo.\"
/m/06hdk	Rotterdam is the second-largest city in the Netherlands and one of the largest ports in the world. Starting as a dam constructed in 1270 on the Rotte River, Rotterdam has grown into a major international commercial centre. Its strategic location at the Rhine-Meuse-Scheldt delta on the North Sea and at the heart of a massive rail, road, air and inland waterway distribution system extending throughout Europe is the reason that Rotterdam is often called the \"Gateway to Europe\".\nIn the province of South Holland, Rotterdam is in the west of Netherlands and the south of the Randstad. The population of the city was 618,279 in 2013. The population of the greater Rotterdam area, called \"Rotterdam-Rijnmond\" or just \"Rijnmond\", is approximately 1.3 million. The combined urban area of Rotterdam and The Hague with a population of approximately 2.9 million is the 206th largest urban area in the world and the most populous in the Netherlands. Rotterdam is known for its university, cutting-edge architecture, lively cultural life, striking riverside setting and maritime heritage. It is also known for the Rotterdam Blitz.\nThe largest port in Europe and one of the busiest ports in the world, the port of Rotterdam was the world's busiest port from 1962 to 2004, when it was surpassed by Shanghai. Rotterdam's commercial and strategic importance is based on its location near the mouth of the Nieuwe Maas, a channel in the delta formed by the Rhine and Meuse on the North Sea. These rivers lead directly into the centre of Europe, including the industrial Ruhr region.
/m/0y_yw	The Godfather Part III is a 1990 American crime film written by Mario Puzo and Francis Ford Coppola, and directed by Coppola. It completes the story of Michael Corleone, a Mafia kingpin who tries to legitimize his criminal empire. The film also weaves into its plot a fictionalized account of two real-life events; the 1978 death of Pope John Paul I and the Papal banking scandal of 1981–1982; linking both and with the affairs of Michael Corleone. The film stars Al Pacino, Diane Keaton, Talia Shire, and Andy García, and features Eli Wallach, Joe Mantegna, George Hamilton, Bridget Fonda, and Sofia Coppola.\nCoppola and Puzo originally wanted the title to be The Death of Michael Corleone but this was not acceptable to Paramount Pictures. Coppola subsequently stated that The Godfather series is two films, and Part III is the epilogue. Part III received mixed reviews, grossed $136,766,062 and was nominated for seven Academy Awards including the Academy Award for Best Picture.
/m/0f2c8g	Salim Ahmed Ghoush, better known by his stage name Cochin Haneefa, was an Indian film actor, director, and screenwriter. He started his career in the 1970s mainly portraying villainous roles, before going on to become one of the most popular comedians of Malayalam cinema. He has acted in more than 300 films in Malayalam, Tamil and Hindi. As a director he is best known for the films Aankiliyude Tharattu and Valtsalyam.
/m/07qg8v	8 Women is a 2002 French dark comedy musical film, written and directed by François Ozon. Based on the 1958 play by Robert Thomas, it features an ensemble cast of French high-profile actresses, including Danielle Darrieux, Catherine Deneuve, Isabelle Huppert, Emmanuelle Béart, Fanny Ardant, Virginie Ledoyen, Ludivine Sagnier, and Firmine Richard. Revolving around an eccentric family of women and their employees in the 1950s, the film follows eight women as they gather to celebrate Christmas in an isolated, snowbound cottage – only to find Marcel, the family's patriarch, dead with a knife in his back. Trapped in the house, every woman becomes a suspect, each having her own motive and secret.\nOzon initially envisioned to film a remake of George Cukor's 1939 film The Women, but eventually settled on Thomas's Huit femmes after legal reasons prevented him from doing so. Drawing inspiration from Cukor's screwball comedies of the late 1930s and the 1950s work of pioneering directors such as Douglas Sirk, Vincente Minnelli, and Alfred Hitchcock, 8 Women addresses themes like murder, greed, adultery, and homosexuality, mixing the genres of farce, melodrama, musical, and murder-mystery film. Primarily set in the entrance hall of a manor-house, the film recreates much of the play's original theatrical feeling. It also references as a pastiche of and homage to both the history of film and the actresses' filmographies.
/m/03f0324	Franz Kafka was a German-language writer of novels and short stories, regarded by critics as one of the most influential authors of the 20th century. Kafka strongly influenced genres such as existentialism. Most of his works, such as \"Die Verwandlung\", Der Prozess, and Das Schloss, are filled with the themes and archetypes of alienation, physical and psychological brutality, parent–child conflict, characters on a terrifying quest, labyrinths of bureaucracy, and mystical transformations.\nKafka was born into a middle-class, German-speaking Jewish family in Prague, then part of the Austro-Hungarian Empire. In his lifetime, most of the population of Prague spoke Czech, and the division between Czech- and German-speaking people was a tangible reality, as both groups were strengthening their national identity. The Jewish community often found itself in between the two sentiments, naturally raising questions about a place to which one belongs. Kafka himself was fluent in both languages, considering German his mother tongue.\nKafka trained as a lawyer and, after completing his legal education, obtained employment with an insurance company. He began to write short stories in his spare time. For the rest of his life, he complained about the little time he had to devote to what he came to regard as his calling. He regretted having to devote so much attention to his Brotberuf. Kafka preferred to communicate by letter; he wrote hundreds of letters to family and close female friends, including his father, his fiancée Felice Bauer, and his youngest sister Ottla. He had a complicated and troubled relationship with his father that had a major effect on his writing. He also suffered conflict over being Jewish, feeling that it had little to do with him, although critics argue that it influenced his writing.
/m/022kcs	The Royal Victorian Order is a dynastic order of knighthood recognising distinguished personal service to the order's Sovereign, currently the reigning monarch of the Commonwealth realms, any members of their family, or any viceroy. Established in 1896, the order's chapel is the Savoy Chapel, its official day is 20 June, and its motto is Victoria, alluding to the society's founder, Queen Victoria. There are no limits on the number honoured, and admission remains the personal gift of the monarch, with each of the organisation's five grades and one medal with three levels representing different levels of service. While all honoured receive the ability to use the prescribed styles of the order—the top two levels grant titles of knighthood, and all accord distinct post-nominal letters—the Royal Victorian Order's precedence amongst other honours differs from realm to realm, and admission to some grades may be barred by government policy. Though similarly named, the Royal Victorian Order is not related to the Royal Victorian Chain.
/m/0kdqw	Bryn Mawr is a census-designated place in Radnor Township, Delaware County, Pennsylvania, Haverford Township, Delaware County, Pennsylvania and Lower Merion Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, just west of Philadelphia along Lancaster Avenue and the border with Delaware County. Bryn Mawr is located toward the center of what is known as the Main Line, a group of picturesque and affluent Philadelphia suburbs stretching from the city limits to Malvern. As of the 2010 census, it had a population of 4,382. Bryn Mawr is home to Bryn Mawr College. Bryn Mawr is also well known as one of the wealthiest communities in the United States.
/m/03zkr8	The Venezuela national football team is controlled by the Federación Venezolana de Fútbol. It is nicknamed La Vinotinto, because of the traditional burgundy color of their shirts.\nWhen playing at home in official games they usually rotate between three stadiums: the Polideportivo Cachamay, in Puerto Ordaz; the Estadio José Antonio Anzoátegui, in Puerto La Cruz; and Estadio Pueblo Nuevo, in San Cristóbal. In friendly matches they tend to rotate between the rest of the stadiums in the country.\nThe Unofficial Football World Championships, and the related Nasazzi's baton title, was briefly held by Venezuela in 2006.\nUnlike other South American nations, and akin to some Caribbean nations, baseball is extremely popular in Venezuela, which diverts athletic talent away from football, contributing to its historic lack of success in CONMEBOL competitions. As of 2014, they are the only CONMEBOL side to have not qualified for the FIFA World Cup. Often Venezuela would go through entire qualification tournaments without recording a single win, although this has changed in the last two qualifying rounds. Until 2011, their best finish in Copa América was fifth in their first entry, in 1967. It is only recently with the spread of the World Cup's popularity in nations where football was not the primary sport that the national team found incentives to increase player development and fan support.
/m/01tkqy	A stunt performer, often referred to as a stuntman, or daredevil, is someone who performs dangerous stunts, often as a career. The French word that describes it is cascadeur and it is used as is in other languages\nA stunt-man or stunt-woman, typically performs stunts intended for use in a motion pictures or dramatized television. Stunts are sometimes rigged so that, while they look dangerous, safety mechanisms are built into the performance, however, often stunts are as dangerous as they appear to be. Stunts often seen in films and television include car crashes, falls from great height, drags and explosions. Film and television stunt performers are often trained in martial arts and stage combat. There is an inherent risk in the performance of all stunt work in film, television and stage work; the most risk exists when performing stunts in front of a live audience. In filmed performances, visible safety mechanisms can be removed by editing. In live performances the audience can better see if the performer is genuinely doing what they claim to be doing.\nDaredevils are distinct from stunt performers and stunt doubles; their performance is of the stunt itself, without the context of a film or television show. Daredevils often perform for an audience. Live stunt performers include escape artists, sword swallowers, glass walkers, fire eaters, trapeze artists, and many other sideshow and circus arts. They also include motorcycle display teams and the once popular Wall of Death.
/m/01x0yrt	Shania Twain, OC is a Canadian country pop singer-songwriter. Her 1995 album The Woman in Me brought her fame, and her 1997 album Come On Over became the best-selling studio album of all time by a female act in any genre and the best-selling country album of all time, selling over 40 million copies worldwide. Her fourth and last studio album to date, Up!, was released in November 2002 and has sold more than 20 million copies worldwide.\nTwain has won 5 Grammy Awards and 27 BMI Songwriter awards. She has had three albums certified Diamond by the Recording Industry Association of America and is the second best-selling artist in Canada, behind Céline Dion, with three of her studio albums certified double diamond by the Canadian Recording Industry Association. She is the first female artist in history to have 3 consecutive albums reach diamond status, certified by the RIAA.\nSometimes referred to as \"The Queen of Country Pop\", she is one of the most commercially successful artists of all time, having sold over 80 million albums and is ranked 10th best-selling artist of the Nielsen SoundScan era. She was also ranked 72nd on Billboard's \"Artists of the decade\". Most recently, Twain has her own TV series, Why Not? with Shania Twain, that premiered on the OWN on May 8, 2011. She received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame on June 2, 2011.
/m/0dbpyd	Alan Burnett is a television writer-producer particularly associated with Warner Bros. Animation, Hanna-Barbera Productions, DC Comics and Walt Disney television animation. He has had a hand in virtually every DC animated project since the waning years of the Super Friends. Burnett's contributions for Disney were largely a part of the 1990s Disney Afternoon, where he was attached to the Disney's Adventures of the Gummi Bears and various projects set in the Scrooge McDuck universe. Because of his primary focus on televised animation, he has occasionally been involved in film projects related to a parent television program. He is a graduate of the University of Florida and has an MFA in film production from the University of Southern California.
/m/0bsjcw	The Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Play is an honor presented at the Tony Awards, a ceremony established in 1947 as the Antoinette Perry Awards for Excellence in Theatre, to actresses for quality supporting roles in a Broadway play. The awards are named after Antoinette Perry, an American actress who died in 1946. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the Tony Award Productions, a joint venture of The Broadway League and the American Theatre Wing, to \"honor the best performances and stage productions of the previous year.\"\nOriginally called the Tony Award for Actress, Supporting or Featured, the award was first presented to Patricia Neal at the 1st Tony Awards for her portrayal of Regina Hubbard in Lillian Hellman's Another Part of the Forest. Before 1956, nominees' names were not made public; the change was made by the awards committee to \"have a greater impact on theatregoers\". The award was renamed in 1976, with Shirley Knight becoming the first winner under the new title for her role as Carla in Robert Patrick's Kennedy's Children. Its most recent recipient is Judith Light, for the role of Faye, in The Assembled Parties.
/m/012b30	Sub Pop is a record label founded in 1986 by Bruce Pavitt and Jonathan Poneman in Seattle, Washington. Sub Pop achieved fame in the late 1980s for first signing Nirvana, Soundgarden, Mudhoney and many other bands from the Seattle music scene. They are often credited with taking the first steps toward popularizing grunge music, and have continued to achieve critical and commercial success in the new millennium, with bands such as Fleet Foxes, Foals, Beach House, The Postal Service, Flight of the Conchords, No Age, Wolf Parade and The Shins on their roster. In 1995 the owners of Sub Pop sold a 49% stake of the label to the Warner Music Group.
/m/0bm02	A bass drum is a large drum that produces a note of low definite or indefinite pitch.\nBass drums are percussion instruments and vary in size and are used in several musical genres. Three major types of bass drums can be distinguished.\nThe type usually seen or heard in orchestral, ensemble or concert band music is the orchestral, or concert bass drum. It is the largest drum of the orchestra.\nThe kick drum, struck with a beater attached to a pedal, usually seen on drum kits.\nThe pitched bass drum, generally used in marching bands and drum corps. This is tuned to a specific pitch and is usually played in a set of three to six drums.
/m/0852z	A werewolf, also known as a lycanthrope, is a mythological or folkloric human with the ability to shapeshift into a wolf or a therianthropic hybrid wolf-like creature, either purposely or after being placed under a curse or affliction. Early sources for belief in lycanthropy are Petronius and Gervase of Tilbury.\nThe werewolf is a widespread concept in European folklore, existing in many variants which are related by a common development of a Christian interpretation of underlying Indo-European mythology which developed during the medieval period. From the early modern period, werewolf beliefs also spread to the New World with colonialism. Belief in werewolf develops parallel to the belief in witches, in the course of the Late Middle Ages and the Early Modern period. Like the witchcraft trials as a whole, the trial of supposed werewolves emerges in what is now Switzerland in the early 15th century and spreads throughout Europe in the 16th, peaking in the 17th and subsiding by the 18th century. The persecution of werewolves and the associated folklore is an integral part of the \"witch-hunt\" phenomenon, albeit a marginal one, accusations of werewolfery being involved in only a small fraction of witchcraft trials. During the early period, accusations of lycanthropy were mixed with accusations of wolf-riding or wolf-charming. The case of Peter Stumpp led to a significant peak in both interest in and persecution of supposed werewolves, primarily in French-speaking and German-speaking Europe. The phenomenon persisted longest in Bavaria and Austria, with persecution of wolf-charmers recorded until well after 1650, the final cases taking place in the early 18th century in Carinthia and Styria.
/m/01l50r	Spike is an American basic cable and satellite television channel that is owned by the Spike Cable Networks, Inc. subsidiary of MTV Networks Entertainment Group, a unit of the Viacom Media Networks division of Viacom. The channel features a mix of acquired comedy and drama series, along with various original programs and movies, all targeting males between the ages of 18 and 34.\nSpike's programming reaches approximately 98.7 million pay television subscribers in the United States. As of 2006, Spike's viewership was almost half women, although many of them are reported to be watching it with male partners or family members, or were watching the CSI franchise. The average age of the channel's viewers was 42 years old.
/m/0jmh7	The San Antonio Spurs are an American professional basketball team based in San Antonio, Texas. They are part of the Southwest Division of the Western Conference in the National Basketball Association.\nThe Spurs are one of four former American Basketball Association teams to remain intact in the NBA after the 1976 ABA–NBA merger, and the only former ABA team to have won an NBA championship. The Spurs' four NBA championships are the fourth most in history, behind only the Boston Celtics, Los Angeles Lakers and Chicago Bulls. As of July 2009, the Spurs rank third among active franchises for the highest winning percentage in NBA history; they have only missed the playoffs four times as an NBA franchise.\nIn their 37 NBA seasons since 1976–1977, the Spurs have captured 19 division titles. They have made the playoffs in 23 of the last 24 seasons, and have not missed the playoffs in the 16 seasons since Tim Duncan was drafted by the Spurs in 1997. With their 50th win in the 2012–2013 season, the Spurs extended their record for most consecutive 50+ win seasons to 14.
/m/015grj	Alan Wolf Arkin is an American actor, director, musician and singer. He is known for starring in such films as Wait Until Dark, the Russians Are Coming, The Heart is a Lonely Hunter, Catch-22, The In-Laws, Edward Scissorhands, Glengarry Glen Ross, Thirteen Conversations About One Thing, Little Miss Sunshine, and Argo, the last two of which he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor and the former of which he won. He is the father of actors Adam Arkin, Anthony Arkin, and Matthew Arkin.
/m/0hkb8	The Cathedral Basilica of Saint Denis is a large medieval abbey church in the city of Saint-Denis, now a northern suburb of Paris. The building is of unique importance historically and architecturally, as its choir completed in 1144 is considered to be the first medieval Gothic architecture ever built. Princess Sophie of France was buried here when she died at age 11 months.\nThe site originated as a Gallo-Roman cemetery, in late Roman times - the archeological remains still lie beneath the cathedral; the people buried there seem to have had a faith that was a mix of Christian and pre-Christian beliefs and practices. Around 475 St. Genevieve purchased some of the land and built a church. In the 7th century, the church was replaced by a much grander construction, on the orders of Dagobert I; it is claimed that Dagobert also moved the body of Saint Denis, a patron saint of France, to the building.\nThe church became a place of pilgrimage and the burial place of the French Kings, with nearly every king from the 10th to the 18th centuries being buried there, as well as many from previous centuries. \"Saint-Denis\" soon became the abbey church of a growing monastic complex.
/m/0tz54	Salem is a city in Essex County, Massachusetts, in the United States. The population was 41,340 at the 2010 census. Salem and Lawrence were the county seats of Essex County prior to the abolishment of county government in 1999. Home to Salem State University, the Salem Willows Park and the Peabody Essex Museum, Salem is a residential and tourist area which includes the neighborhoods of Salem Neck, The Point, South Salem and North Salem, Witchcraft Heights, Pickering Wharf, and the McIntire Historic District. Salem was one of the most significant seaports in early America.\nFeatured notably in Arthur Miller's The Crucible, much of the city's cultural identity is reflective of its role as the location of the Salem witch trials of 1692: Police cars are adorned with witch logos, a local public school is known as the Witchcraft Heights Elementary School, the Salem High School athletic teams are named the Witches; and Gallows Hill, a site of numerous public hangings, is currently used as a playing field for various sports. Tourists know Salem as a mix of important historical sites, New Age and Wiccan boutiques, kitschy Halloween, witch-themed attractions and a vibrant downtown that has more than 60 restaurants, cafes and coffee shops. The 15th Annual Retailers Association of Massachusetts awarded Salem as the best place to shop in 2012. President Barack Obama on January 10, 2013 signed executive order HR1339 \"which designates the City of Salem, Mass., as the birthplace of the U.S. National Guard.
/m/0__wm	Irving is a city located in the U.S. state of Texas within Dallas County. According to the 2012 U.S. Census, the city population was 225,427 making it the thirteenth most populous city in Texas. Irving is part of the Dallas–Plano–Irving metropolitan division of the Dallas–Fort Worth–Arlington metropolitan area, designated by the U.S. Census Bureau and colloquially referred to as the Dallas/Fort Worth Metroplex.\nIrving includes the Las Colinas community, one of the first master-planned developments in the United States and once the largest mixed-use development in the Southwest with a land area of more than 12,000 acres. Las Colinas is home to the Mustangs at Las Colinas, which is the largest equestrian sculpture in the world, as well as many Fortune 500 companies, such as Exxon Mobil. In January 2011 the city completed the Irving Convention Center at Las Colinas and plans to develop the area into a mixed-use complex including a special entertainment district.\nPart of Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport, which serves the cities of Dallas and Fort Worth, is inside the city limits of Irving.
/m/01qr1_	Jane Krakowski is an American actress and singer who is best known for her role as Jenna Maroney on the NBC sitcom 30 Rock, for which she received four Primetime Emmy Award nominations for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series, and for her performance as Elaine Vassal on Ally McBeal, for which she was nominated for a Golden Globe Award. She also regularly performs on the stage and won a Tony Award for her performance in the Broadway revival of Nine and an Olivier Award for her role as Miss Adelaide in the West End revival of Guys and Dolls. Krakowski is also known as the voice of Giselle in Open Season and Open Season 2, and for her role as Irene in the film Go.
/m/080z7	Victoria University of Wellington was established in 1897 by Act of Parliament, and was a former constituent college of the University of New Zealand.\nIt is particularly well known for its programmes in law, the humanities, and some scientific disciplines, but offers a broad range of other courses as well. Entry to all courses at first year is open, although entry to second year in some programmes is restricted.\nVictoria had the highest average research grade in the New Zealand Government's Performance-Based Research Fund exercise in 2012, having been ranked 4th in 2006 and 3rd in 2003. Victoria has been ranked 265th in the World's Top 500 universities by the QS World University Rankings.
/m/09gmmt6	Let Me In is a 2010 British-American romantic horror film written and directed by Matt Reeves and starring Kodi Smit-McPhee and Chloë Grace Moretz. It is a remake of the 2008 Swedish film Let the Right One In, directed by Tomas Alfredson, and the novel of the same name by John Ajvide Lindqvist. It tells the story of a bullied 12-year-old boy who develops a friendship with a vampire child in Los Alamos, New Mexico in the early 1980s.\nInterest in producing an English version of Let the Right One In began in 2007 shortly before it was released to audiences. In 2008, Hammer Films acquired the rights for the English adaptation and initially offered Tomas Alfredson, the director of the Swedish film, the opportunity to direct, which he declined. Matt Reeves was then signed to direct and write the screenplay. Reeves made several changes for the English version such as altering the setting from Stockholm to New Mexico and renaming the lead characters. The film's producers stated that their intent was to keep the plot similar to the original, yet make it more accessible to a wider audience. Principal photography began in early November 2009, and concluded in January 2010. The film's budget was estimated to be $20 million.
/m/02pv_d	Alexander Payne is an American film director, screenwriter, and producer, known for the films Election, About Schmidt, Sideways, The Descendants, and Nebraska. His films are noted for their dark humor and satirical depictions of contemporary American society.
/m/01933d	Jane Wyman was an American singer, dancer, and film/television actress. She began her film career in the 1930s, and was a prolific performer for two decades. She received an Academy Award for Best Actress for her performance in Johnny Belinda, and later achieved renewed success in the 1980s as Angela Channing on Falcon Crest.\nShe was the first wife of Ronald Reagan; they married in 1940 and divorced on June 28, 1948; Reagan was still a Democrat and had not yet made his first run for public office.
/m/0sgxg	East St. Louis is a city in St. Clair County, Illinois, United States, directly across the Mississippi River from St. Louis, Missouri in the Metro-East region of Southern Illinois. As of the 2010 census, the city had a total population of 27,006, less than one-third of its peak of 82,366 in 1950. Like many larger industrial cities, it has been severely affected by loss of jobs in the restructuring of the railroad industry and de-industrialization of the Rust Belt in the second half of the 20th century. In 1950 East St. Louis was the 4th largest city in Illinois.\nOne of the highlights of the city's waterfront is the Gateway Geyser, the second-tallest fountain in the world. Designed to complement the Gateway Arch across the river in St. Louis, it shoots water to a height of 630 feet, the same height as the Arch.
/m/04g9sq	Stephen Jesse Jackson is an American professional basketball player who last played for the Los Angeles Clippers of the National Basketball Association. Jackson is a 6'8\" guard-forward. He won his only championship when the San Antonio Spurs defeated the New Jersey Nets in the 2003 NBA Finals in six games.
/m/0n3g	Anguilla is a British overseas territory in the Caribbean. It is one of the most northerly of the Leeward Islands in the Lesser Antilles, lying east of Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands and directly north of Saint Martin. The territory consists of the main island of Anguilla itself, approximately 16 miles long by 3 miles wide at its widest point, together with a number of much smaller islands and cays with no permanent population. The island's capital is The Valley. The total land area of the territory is 35 square miles, with a population of approximately 13,500.\nAnguilla has become a popular tax haven, having no capital gains, estate, profit or other forms of direct taxation on either individuals or corporations. In April 2011, faced with a mounting deficit, it introduced a 3% \"Interim Stabilisation Levy\", Anguilla's first form of income tax.
/m/02cgb8	Alexander Martin Clunes is an English actor known for portraying Martin Ellingham in the hit ITV drama series Doc Martin.\nClunes played Gary Strang in Men Behaving Badly. In 2009, Clunes starred as the title character in Reggie Perrin, a BBC One sitcom, which ran for two series until it came to an end in 2010.\nIn 2012, he starred in The Town and A Mother's Son, both drama mini-series for ITV.\nMartin has narrated a number of documentaries for ITV, the first of which was Islands of Britain in 2009. He has since presented a number of documentaries about animals, such as Horsepower, and its follow-up Heavy Horsepower. In 2013, he narrated The Secret Life of Dogs on ITV.
/m/01n073	Electronic Arts, Inc. is an American developer, marketer, publisher and distributor of video games headquartered in Redwood City, California, USA. Founded and incorporated on May 28, 1982 by Trip Hawkins, the company was a pioneer of the early home computer games industry and was notable for promoting the designers and programmers responsible for its games. Electronic Arts is the world's third-largest gaming company by revenue after Nintendo and Activision Blizzard.\nCurrently, EA develops and publishes games under several labels including EA Sports titles, Madden NFL, FIFA, NHL, NCAA Football, NBA Live, and SSX. Other EA labels produce established franchises such as Battlefield, Need for Speed, The Sims, Medal of Honor, Command & Conquer, as well as newer franchises such as Dead Space, Mass Effect, Dragon Age, Army of Two and Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic, produced in partnership with LucasArts. EA also owns and operates major gaming studios, Tiburon in Orlando, EA Canada in Burnaby, BioWare in Edmonton as well as Montreal and DICE in Sweden.
/m/05tcx0	Folk punk is a fusion of folk music and punk rock. It was popularized in the early 1980s by The Pogues in Britain, and by Violent Femmes in the United States. Folk punk achieved some mainstream success in that decade. In more recent years, its subgenres Celtic punk and Gypsy punk have experienced some commercial success.
/m/06t8b	Steven Andrew Soderbergh is an American film producer, screenwriter, cinematographer, editor, and director. He is best known for directing critically acclaimed commercial Hollywood films like Out of Sight, Erin Brockovich and Traffic, and the remake of Ocean's Eleven. He has also directed smaller, less conventional works, such as Sex, Lies, and Videotape, Schizopolis, Bubble, Kafka, The Girlfriend Experience and Che.
/m/02v60l	David Arquette is an American actor, film director, producer, screenwriter, wrestler, and fashion designer. A member of the Arquette acting family, he first became known during the mid-1990s after starring in several Hollywood films, such as the Scream series, Wild Bill, and Buffy the Vampire Slayer. He has since had several television roles, such as Jason Ventress on ABC's In Case of Emergency.\nIn addition to his acting career, Arquette took a brief foray into professional wrestling in early 2000, competing for World Championship Wrestling. During his tenure, Arquette became a one-time WCW World Heavyweight Champion, an angle that has been cited by wrestling commentators as being pivotal to the degradation of the title and the demise of WCW.
/m/01fkr_	VH1 is an American cable television network based in New York City. Launched on Tuesday, January 1, 1985 in the old space of Turner Broadcasting's short-lived Cable Music Channel, the original purpose of the channel was to build on the success of MTV by playing music videos, but targeting a slightly older demographic than its sister channel, focusing on the lighter, softer side of popular music. The channel was originally created by Warner-Amex Satellite Entertainment, at the time a division of Warner Communications and owner of MTV. Both VH1 and its sister channel MTV are currently part of the MTV Networks division of corporate parent Viacom. While VH1 still occasionally plays music videos and the Top 20 Video Countdown, its more recent claim to fame has been in the area of music-related reality programming, such as Behind the Music, the I Love… series, the Celebreality block of programming, and the channel's overall focus on popular culture.\nAs of August 2013, approximately 96,786,000 American households receive VH1.
/m/037xlx	Cliffhanger is a 1993 American action-adventure thriller directed by Renny Harlin and starring Sylvester Stallone and John Lithgow. Stallone, who co-wrote the screenplay, plays a mountain climber who becomes embroiled in a failed heist set in a U.S. Treasury plane flying through the Rocky Mountains. The film was a critical and box office success, earning more than $250 million worldwide.
/m/04258w	Samuel Michael Fuller was an American screenwriter, novelist, and film director known for low-budget genre movies with controversial themes.
/m/07bbc	Skopje is the capital and largest city of the Republic of Macedonia. It is the country's political, cultural, economic, and academic center. It was known in the Roman period under the name Scupi.\nThe territory of Skopje has been inhabited since at least 4000 BC; remains of Neolithic settlements have been found within the old Kale Fortress that overlooks the modern city centre. On the eve of the 1st century AD, the settlement was seized by the Romans and became a military camp. When the Roman Empire was divided into eastern and western halves in 395 AD, Scupi came under Byzantine rule from Constantinople. During much of the early medieval period, the town was contested between the Byzantines and the Bulgarian Empire, whose capital it was between 972 and 992. From 1282, the town was part of the Serbian Empire and acted as its capital city from 1346. In 1392, the city was conquered by the Ottoman Turks who renamed the town Üsküp. The town stayed under Ottoman control over 500 years, serving as the capital of pashasanjak of Üsküb and later the Vilayet of Kosovo. At that time the city was famous for its oriental architecture. In 1912, it was annexed by the Kingdom of Serbia during the Balkan Wars and after the First World War the city became part of the newly formed Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes. In the Second World War the city was conquered by the Bulgarian Army, which was part of Axis powers. In 1944, it became the capital city of Democratic Macedonia, which was a federal state, part of Democratic Federal Yugoslavia. The city developed rapidly after World War II, but this trend was interrupted in 1963 when it was hit by a disastrous earthquake. In 1991, it became the capital city of an independent Macedonia.
/m/0jmhr	The Utah Jazz are an American professional basketball franchise based in Salt Lake City, Utah. They are a part of the Northwest Division in the Western Conference in the National Basketball Association. The franchise began in 1974 as the New Orleans Jazz in New Orleans, Louisiana; the team moved to Utah in 1979.\nThe Jazz were one of the least successful teams in the league in their early years. Although they took 10 years before they made a playoff appearance, they would not miss the playoffs again until 2004. During the late 1980s, John Stockton and Karl Malone arose as the franchise players for the team, and formed one of the most famed point guard–power forward duos in NBA history. Led by coach Jerry Sloan, who took over for Frank Layden in 1988, they became one of the powerhouse teams of the 1990s, culminating in two NBA Finals appearances in 1997 and 1998, where they lost both times to the Chicago Bulls, led by Michael Jordan. Both Stockton and Malone moved on in 2003. After missing the playoffs for three consecutive seasons the Jazz returned to prominence under the on-court leadership of point guard Deron Williams. However, partway through the 2010–11 season, the Jazz began a restructuring after the retirement of Jerry Sloan and trade of Deron Williams. The team has made the playoffs since then, under coach Tyrone Corbin. The Jazz are one of two teams in the Major professional sports leagues located in the state of Utah; the other team is Real Salt Lake, a professional soccer team in Major League Soccer.
/m/022q4l9	Patrick Gallagher is a Canadian actor.
/m/07tvwy	Cameron Mitchell was an American film, television and Broadway actor with close ties to one of Canada's most successful families, and considered, by Lee Strasberg, to be one of the founding members of The Actor's Studio in New York City.
/m/0hv1t	All That Jazz is a 1979 American musical film directed by Bob Fosse. The screenplay by Robert Alan Aurthur and Fosse is a semi-autobiographical fantasy based on aspects of Fosse's life and career as dancer, choreographer and director. The film was inspired by Bob Fosse's manic effort to edit his film Lenny while simultaneously staging the 1975 Broadway musical Chicago. It borrows its title from the Kander and Ebb tune All That Jazz in that production. The film won the Palme d'Or at the 1980 Cannes Film Festival.
/m/0gyfp9c	Starring Academy Award® Nominee John Hawkes, Academy Award® Nominee William H. Macy and Academy Award® Winner Helen Hunt, the film is based on the true story of California-based journalist and poet Mark O'Brien. Portrayed by the exceptionally gifted John Hawkes - who gives a career-defining performance, O'Brien's story is the immensely poignant and surprisingly funny tale of a man, paralyzed by polio who - at age 38 - is determined to finally lose his virginity.
/m/029fbr	Noise rock describes a style of rock music that became prominent in the 1980s. Noise rock makes use of the traditional instrumentation and iconography of rock, but incorporates atonality and especially dissonance, and also frequently discards usual songwriting conventions.
/m/06k90b	FC Carl Zeiss Jena is a German football club based in Jena, Thuringia.
/m/07bbw	Speed metal is a sub-genre of heavy metal music that originated in the late 1970s from New Wave of British Heavy Metal and hardcore punk roots. It is described by Allmusic as \"extremely fast, abrasive, and technically demanding\" music.\n\"It is usually considered less abrasive and more melodic than thrash metal, showing less influence from hardcore punk. However, speed metal is usually faster and more aggressive than traditional heavy metal, also showing more inclination to virtuoso soloing and featuring short instrumental passages between couplets. Speed metal songs frequently make use of highly expressive vocals, but are usually less likely to employ 'harsh' vocals than thrash metal songs.\"
/m/07s6prs	Mark Wayne Salling is an American actor, singer-songwriter, composer, and musician. He is known for his role as Noah \"Puck\" Puckerman on the comedy television series, Glee.
/m/0n56v	Bernalillo County is the most populous county in the U.S. state of New Mexico. It is located within the Albuquerque, New Mexico Metropolitan Statistical Area. As of the 2010 census, the population was 662,564. The county seat is Albuquerque.
/m/01wx_y	Dundee United Football Club is a Scottish professional football club located in the city of Dundee. Formed in 1909, originally as Dundee Hibernian, the club changed to the present name in 1923. United are nicknamed The Terrors or The Tangerines and the supporters are known as The Arabs.\nThe club has played in tangerine kits since the 1960s and have played at the present ground, Tannadice Park, since their foundation in 1909. United were founder members of the Scottish Premier League in 1998 and were ever-present in the competition until it was abolished in 2013 to make way for the new Scottish Premiership which is the top division of the current SPFL structure.\nDomestically, the club has won the Scottish Premier Division on one occasion, the Scottish Cup twice and the Scottish League Cup twice. United appeared in European competition for the first time in the 1966–67 season, going on to appear in Europe in 14 successive seasons from 1976. They reached the European Cup semi-finals in 1984 and the UEFA Cup final in 1987, but lost on both occasions. The club has a 100% record in four matches against Barcelona in competitive European ties.
/m/01n4w	Colorado is a U.S. state encompassing most of the Southern Rocky Mountains as well as the northeastern portion of the Colorado Plateau and the western edge of the Great Plains. Colorado is part of the Western United States, the Southwestern United States, and the Mountain States. Colorado is the 8th most extensive and the 22nd most populous of the 50 United States. The United States Census Bureau estimates that the population of Colorado was 5,268,367 on July 1, 2013, an increase of +4.76% since the 2010 United States Census.\nThe state was named for the Colorado River, which Spanish explorers named the Río Colorado for the ruddy silt the river carried from the mountains. On August 1, 1876, U.S. President Ulysses S. Grant signed a proclamation admitting Colorado to the Union as the 38th state. Colorado is nicknamed the \"Centennial State\" because it became a state in the centennial year of the United States Declaration of Independence.\nColorado is bordered by the northwest state of Wyoming to the north, the Midwest states of Nebraska and Kansas to the northeast and east, on the south by New Mexico and Oklahoma, on the west by Utah, and Arizona to the southwest. The four states of Colorado, New Mexico, Utah, and Arizona meet at one common point known as the Four Corners, which is known as the heart of the American Southwest. Colorado is noted for its vivid landscape of mountains, forests, high plains, mesas, canyons, plateaus, rivers, and desert lands.
/m/0c02jh8	San Luis Fútbol Club, known more commonly as San Luis or San Luis Potosí, was a Mexican professional football club from the city of San Luis Potosí, Mexico. The club was founded in 1957, when they were known as Santos. The team's nickname of Tuneros, a reference to the tuna fruit, was later changed to Gladiadores. The nickname for the team was then changed to Reales. The nickname Tribu Real is a reference to the fact that the team was once named Real San Luis. Another nickname recently given to the team is the name of El Equipo del Milagro because of the last-minute \"miracle\" to stay in the highest division. San Luis play their home games at Alfonso Lastras Ramirez Stadium. On May 28, 2013 it was confirmed the team would move to Tuxtla Gutiérrez, Mexico and be renamed Chiapas Fútbol Club.
/m/0521d_3	Albert S. D'Agostino was an American art director. He was nominated for five Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction. He worked on 339 films between 1921 and 1959.\nHe was born in New York City, New York and died in Los Angeles, California.
/m/04jr87	The Sapienza University of Rome, officially Sapienza – Università di Roma, also called simply Sapienza formerly known as Università degli studi di Roma \"La Sapienza\", is a coeducational, autonomous state university in Rome, Italy. It is the largest European university by enrollments and the oldest of Rome's four state-funded universities. In Italian, sapienza means \"wisdom\" or \"knowledge\".\nSapienza is present in all major international university rankings. It is among the best Italian universities. According to the Academic Ranking of World Universities compiled by the Jiao Tong University of Shanghai, Sapienza is regularly ranked first among Italian universities along with the University of Pisa. Sapienza is positioned within the 101-150 group of universities and among the top 3% of universities in the world.\nIn 2013, the Center for World University Rankings ranked the Sapienza University of Rome 62nd in the world and the top in Italy in its World University Rankings.
/m/026ldz7	The Arizona State Sun Devils football team represents Arizona State University in the sport of American football. The Sun Devils team competes in the Football Bowl Subdivision of the National Collegiate Athletic Association and the South Division of the Pacific-12 Conference. Arizona State University has fielded a football team since 1897 and has an all-time record of 580-365-22. The Sun Devils play at Sun Devil Stadium in Tempe, Arizona, which has a capacity of 71,706. The Sun Devils have won seventeen conference titles.\nA number of successful and professional football players once played for ASU. The school has 2 unanimous All-Americans and 16 consensus selections and 13 alumni currently playing in the NFL. Among the most lauded and notable players the school has produced are Pat Tillman, Terrell Suggs, Mike Haynes, Darren Woodson, and Charley Taylor. In addition to its players, ASU's football program has been noted for its coaches, most notably Frank Kush, for whom Frank Kush Field at Sun Devil Stadium is named. Kush also led the Sun Devils on their longest winning streak against the University of Arizona, ASU's traditional rival.
/m/05728w1	Ted Haworth was an American production designer and art director. He won an Academy Award and was nominated five more times in the category Best Art Direction.\nHe is the father of production designer Sean Haworth and pop artist Jann Haworth.
/m/02gr81	The University of Houston is a state research university and the flagship institution of the University of Houston System. Founded in 1927, it is Texas's third-largest university with nearly 41,000 students. Its campus spans 667 acres in southeast Houston, and was known as University of Houston–University Park from 1983 to 1991. The Carnegie Foundation classifies UH as a Tier One research university. The U.S. News & World Report ranks the university No. 190 in its National University Rankings, and No. 108 among top public universities.\nThe university offers over 300 degree programs through its 12 academic colleges on campus—including programs leading to professional degrees in law, optometry, and pharmacy. The institution conducts nearly $130 million annually in research, and operates more than 40 research centers and institutes on campus. Interdisciplinary research includes superconductivity, space commercialization and exploration, biomedical sciences and engineering, energy and natural resources, and artificial intelligence. Awarding more than 8,200 degrees annually, UH's alumni base exceeds 260,000. The economic impact of the university contributes over $3 billion annually to the Texas economy, while generating about 24,000 jobs.
/m/03q8ch	Michael Kahn is an American film editor. His credits range from TV's Hogan's Heroes to feature films directed by George C. Scott and Steven Spielberg, with whom he has had an extended, notable collaboration over more than thirty years.
/m/05cl2w	Daniel G. “Dan” Hedaya is an American character actor. He often plays sleazy villains or uptight, wisecracking individuals; three of his best-known roles are as Italian Mafia boss Tony Costello in Wise Guys, a cuckolded husband in the Coen brothers' crime thriller Blood Simple, and the scheming Nick Tortelli on the sitcom Cheers.
/m/01p0vf	Jonathan Richard Guy \"Jonny\" Greenwood is an English musician and composer best known as a member of the rock band Radiohead. Beyond his primary roles as Radiohead's lead guitarist and keyboardist, Greenwood is a multi-instrumentalist and also plays viola, harmonica, glockenspiel, ondes Martenot, banjo and drums, and works with computer-generated sounds and sampling; he is also a computer programmer and writes music software used by Radiohead. Noted for his aggressive playing style, Greenwood is consistently named as one of the greatest guitarists of the modern era.\nGreenwood wrote the soundtracks for the films Bodysong, There Will Be Blood, Norwegian Wood, We Need To Talk About Kevin and The Master, and serves as composer-in-residence for the BBC Concert Orchestra. He is the younger brother of Radiohead bassist Colin Greenwood.
/m/01cssf	Romeo + Juliet is a 1996 American-Australian film adaptation of William Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet. It was directed by Baz Luhrmann and stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Claire Danes in the leading roles. The film is an abridged modernization of Shakespeare's play. While it retains the original Shakespearean dialogue, the Montagues and the Capulets are represented as warring business empires and swords are replaced by guns.\nSome of the names were also changed. Lord and Lady Montague and Lord and Lady Capulet were given first names, Friar Lawrence became Father Lawrence, and Prince Escalus was renamed Captain Prince. There was also no Friar John, who was in the original play. Also, some characters were switched from one family to the other - in the original, Gregory and Sampson are Capulet, but in the film, they are Montagues.\nIn addition, a few plot details were shifted, most notably near the ending.
/m/01htxr	Anthony Dominick Benedetto, known as Tony Bennett, is an American singer of popular music, standards, show tunes, and jazz. Bennett is also an accomplished painter, having created works—under the name Anthony Benedetto—that are on permanent public display in several institutions. He is the founder of the Frank Sinatra School of the Arts in New York City.\nRaised in New York City, Bennett began singing at an early age. He fought in the final stages of World War II as an infantryman with the U.S. Army in the European Theatre. Afterwards, he developed his singing technique, signed with Columbia Records, and had his first number-one popular song with \"Because of You\" in 1951. Several top hits such as \"Rags to Riches\" followed in the early 1950s. Bennett then further refined his approach to encompass jazz singing. He reached an artistic peak in the late 1950s with albums such as The Beat of My Heart and Basie Swings, Bennett Sings. In 1962, Bennett recorded his signature song, \"I Left My Heart in San Francisco\". His career and his personal life then suffered an extended downturn during the height of the rock music era.\nBennett staged a comeback in the late 1980s and 1990s, putting out gold record albums again and expanding his audience to the MTV Generation while keeping his musical style intact. He remains a popular and critically praised recording artist and concert performer in the 2010s. Bennett has won 17 Grammy Awards and two Emmy Awards, and has been named an NEA Jazz Master and a Kennedy Center Honoree. He has sold over 50 million records worldwide.
/m/0dl9_4	Eastern Promises is a 2007 British crime thriller film directed by David Cronenberg, from a screenplay written by Steven Knight. The film stars Viggo Mortensen, Naomi Watts and Vincent Cassel, and tells a story of a British midwife's interactions with the Russian Mafia in London. Principal photography began November 2006, in locations in and around London. The film has been noted for its plot twist, the subject of sex trafficking, and for its violence and realistic depiction of Russian career criminals, which includes detailed portrayal of the tattoos commonly worn by them.\nEastern Promises received positive critical reception, appearing on several critics' \"top 10 films\" lists for 2007. The film has won several awards, including the Audience Prize for best film at the Toronto International Film Festival and the Best Actor award for Mortensen at the British Independent Film Awards. The film received twelve Genie Award nominations and three Golden Globe Award nominations. Mortensen was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor.
/m/01k_0fp	Roger Harry Daltrey, CBE is an English singer, musician, songwriter and actor, best known as the founder and lead singer of English rock band the Who. He has maintained a musical career as a solo artist and has also worked in the film industry, acting in films, theatre and television roles and also producing films. In 2008 he was ranked number 61 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 100 greatest singers of all time.
/m/0399p	Gilles Deleuze was a French philosopher who, from the early 1960s until his death, wrote influentially on philosophy, literature, film, and fine art. His most popular works were the two volumes of Capitalism and Schizophrenia: Anti-Oedipus and A Thousand Plateaus, both co-written with Félix Guattari. His metaphysical treatise Difference and Repetition is considered by many scholars to be his magnum opus.
/m/0bxc4	Silver Spring is an unincorporated area and census-designated place in Montgomery County, Maryland, United States. It had a population of 71,452 at the 2010 census, making it the fourth most populous place in Maryland, after Baltimore, Columbia, and Germantown.\nThe urbanized, oldest, and southernmost part of Silver Spring is a major business hub that lies at the north apex of Washington, D.C. As of 2004, the Central Business District held 7,254,729 square feet of office space, 5216 dwelling units and 17.6 acres of parkland. The population density of this CBD area of Silver Spring was 15,600 per square mile all within 360 acres and approximately 2.5 square miles in the CBD/downtown area. The community has recently undergone a significant renaissance, with the addition of major retail, residential, and office developments.\nSilver Spring takes its name from a mica-flecked spring discovered there in 1840 by Francis Preston Blair, who subsequently bought much of the surrounding land. Acorn Park, tucked away in an area of south Silver Spring away from the main downtown area, is believed to be the site of the original spring.
/m/01kf5lf	Goldfinger is the third film in the James Bond series and the third to star Sean Connery as the fictional MI6 agent James Bond. It is based on the novel of the same name by Ian Fleming. The film also stars Honor Blackman as Bond girl Pussy Galore and Gert Fröbe as the title character Auric Goldfinger, along with Shirley Eaton as famous Bond girl Jill Masterson. Goldfinger was produced by Albert R. Broccoli and Harry Saltzman and was the first of four Bond films directed by Guy Hamilton.\nThe film's plot has Bond investigating gold smuggling by gold magnate Auric Goldfinger and eventually uncovering Goldfinger's plans to attack the United States Bullion Depository at Fort Knox. Goldfinger was the first Bond blockbuster, with a budget equal to that of the two preceding films combined. Principal photography took place from January to July 1964 in the United Kingdom, Switzerland and the U.S. states of Kentucky and Florida.\nThe release of the film led to a number of promotional licensed tie-in items, including a toy Aston Martin DB5 car from Corgi Toys which became the biggest selling toy of 1964. The promotion also included an image of gold-painted Shirley Eaton as Jill Masterson on the cover of Life.
/m/03k9fj	Adventure films are a genre of film. Unlike action films, they often use their action scenes preferably to display and explore exotic locations in an energetic way.\nThe subgenres of adventure films include, swashbuckler film, disaster films, and historical dramas - which is similar to the epic film genre. Main plot elements include quests for lost continents, a jungle and/or desert settings, characters going on a treasure hunts and heroic journeys for the unknown. Adventure films are mostly set in a period background and may include adapted stories of historical or fictional adventure heroes within the historical context. Kings, battles, rebellion or piracy are commonly seen in adventure films. Adventure films may also be combined with other movie genres such as, science fiction, fantasy and sometimes war films.
/m/026p4q7	The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is a 2008 American drama film directed by David Fincher. The storyline by Eric Roth and Robin Swicord is loosely based on the 1922 short story of the same name by F. Scott Fitzgerald. The film stars Brad Pitt as a man who ages in reverse and Cate Blanchett as the love interest throughout his life.\nThe film was released in North America on December 25, 2008, and on February 6, 2009 in the United Kingdom, to positive reviews. The film went on to receive thirteen Academy Award nominations, including Best Picture, Best Director for Fincher, Best Actor for Pitt and Best Supporting Actress for Taraji P. Henson, and won three, for Best Art Direction, Best Makeup and Best Visual Effects.
/m/0hpv3	Yeshiva University is a private university in New York City, with six campuses in New York and one in Israel. Founded in 1886, it is a research university.\nThe University's undergraduate schools—Yeshiva College, Stern College for Women, and Syms School of Business— offer a dual curriculum inspired by Modern-Centrist-Orthodox Judaism's hashkafa of Torah Umadda combining academic education with the study of Torah. Yeshiva is perhaps best known for its secular, highly selective graduate schools, the Albert Einstein College of Medicine and the Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law.\nYeshiva University is an independent institution chartered by New York State. It is accredited by the Commission on Higher Education of the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools and by several professional agencies.
/m/016lmg	The Prodigy is an English electronic music group formed by Liam Howlett in 1990. The current members include Liam Howlett, Keith Flint, Leo Crabtree, Rob Holliday and Maxim. Leeroy Thornhill was a member of the band from 1990 to 2000, as was a female dancer and vocalist called Sharky who left the group during their early period.\nAlong with the Chemical Brothers, Fatboy Slim and other acts, The Prodigy have been credited as pioneers of the big beat genre, which achieved mainstream popularity in the 1990s and 2000s. They have sold over 25 million records worldwide. The group has won numerous music awards throughout their career, including two Brit Awards—winning Best British Dance Act twice, three MTV Video Music Awards, two Kerrang! Awards, five MTV Europe Music Awards, and have twice been nominated for Grammy Awards.\nThe group's brand of music makes use of various styles ranging from rave, hardcore techno, industrial, and breakbeat in the early 1990s to big beat and electronic rock with punk vocal elements in later times. The Prodigy first emerged on the underground rave scene in the early 1990s and have since achieved popularity and worldwide renown.
/m/02jmst	The University of California's Hastings College of the Law is a top tier public law school in San Francisco, California, located in the Civic Center neighborhood.\nFounded in 1878 by Serranus Clinton Hastings, the first Chief Justice of California, it was the first law school of the University of California and was one of the first law schools established in the Western United States. It is the oldest law school on the West Coast. It is also one of the few university-affiliated law schools in the United States that does not share its campus with undergraduates or other graduate programs.
/m/01jrbb	Finding Nemo is a 2003 American computer-animated comedy-drama adventure film written and directed by Andrew Stanton, released by Walt Disney Pictures, and the fifth film produced by Pixar Animation Studios. It tells the story of the over-protective clownfish named Marlin who, along with a regal tang named Dory, searches for his abducted son Nemo all the way to Sydney Harbour. Along the way, Marlin learns to take risks and let Nemo take care of himself.\nIt is Pixar's first film to be released in cinemas in the northern hemisphere summer. The film was re-released for the first time in 3D on September 14, 2012, and it was released on Blu-ray on December 4, 2012. A sequel, Finding Dory, is in development, set to be released on June 17, 2016.\nThe film received widespread critical acclaim, won the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature, and was nominated in three more categories including Best Original Screenplay. It was the second highest-grossing film of 2003, earning a total of $936 million worldwide. Finding Nemo is the best-selling DVD of all time, with over 40 million copies sold as of 2006, and was the highest-grossing G-rated film of all time before Pixar's own Toy Story 3 overtook it. It is the 25th highest-grossing film of all time, as well as the 5th highest-grossing animated film. In 2008, the American Film Institute named it the 10th greatest animated film ever made during their Top 10.
/m/0j__m	The United States Fish and Wildlife Service is a federal government agency within the United States Department of the Interior dedicated to the management of fish, wildlife, and natural habitats. The mission of the agency reads as \"working with others to conserve, protect, and enhance fish, wildlife, plants and their habitats for the continuing benefit of the American people.\"\nThe leader of FWS is the director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service Daniel M. Ashe, of Maryland, who succeeded Samuel D. Hamilton.\nAmong the Service's responsibilities are enforcing federal wildlife laws, protecting endangered species, managing migratory birds, restoring nationally significant fisheries, conserving and restoring wildlife habitat such as wetlands, helping foreign governments with their international conservation efforts, and distributing money to states' fish and wildlife agencies through the Wildlife Sport Fish and Restoration program.\nUnits within the FWS include:\nNational Wildlife Refuge System\nDivision of Migratory Bird Management\nFederal Duck Stamp
/m/032s66	A gunshot is the discharge of a firearm, producing a mechanical sound effect and a chemical gunshot residue. The term can also refer to a gunshot wound caused by such a discharge. Multiple discharges of a firearm or firearms are referred to as gunfire. The word can connote either the sound of a gun firing, the projectiles that were fired, or both. For example, the statement \"gunfire came from the next street\" could either mean the sound of discharge, or it could mean the bullets themselves. It is better to be a bit more specific while writing however. \"The sound of gunfire\" or \"we came under gunfire\" would be more descriptive and prevent confusion. In the latter phrase, in particular, \"fire\" is more commonly used, as both words hold the same general meaning within the proper context.
/m/02nfhx	John Amos is an American actor who played James Evans, Sr. on the 1970s television series Good Times. His television work includes roles in The Mary Tyler Moore Show, the miniseries Roots, for which he received an Emmy nomination, and a recurring role in The West Wing. He also played the father of Will Smith's character's girlfriend, Lisa Wilkes, in The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air.\nHe has also appeared on Broadway and in numerous motion pictures in a career that spans four decades. He has received nominations for a Primetime Emmy Award and NAACP Image Award.
/m/01dvbd	Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels is a 1998 British crime comedy thriller film written and directed by Guy Ritchie. The story is a heist film involving a self-confident young card sharp who loses £500,000 to a powerful crime lord in a rigged game of three card brag. In order to pay off his debts, he and his friends decide to rob a small-time gang who happen to be operating out of the flat next door. The film brought Guy Ritchie international acclaim and introduced actors Vinnie Jones, a former Wales international footballer, and Jason Statham, a former diver, to worldwide audiences.\nA television series, Lock, Stock..., followed in 2000, running for seven episodes including the pilot.
/m/01jrbv	The Birdcage is a 1996 American comedy film directed by Mike Nichols, and stars Robin Williams, Gene Hackman, Nathan Lane, and Dianne Wiest. Dan Futterman, Calista Flockhart, Hank Azaria, and Christine Baranski appear in supporting roles. The script was written by Elaine May. It is a remake of the 1978 Franco-Italian film, La Cage aux Folles, by Jean Poiret and Francis Veber, starring Michel Serrault and Ugo Tognazzi.
/m/09nhvw	Corbin Bleu Reivers, known professionally as Corbin Bleu, is an American actor, model, dancer, producer, and singer-songwriter. He performed in the High School Musical film series, the Discovery Kids drama series Flight 29 Down, and the Disney Channel Original Movie Jump In!. His first lead role was in the film Catch That Kid.\nGuest-starring roles include appearances on Hannah Montana, The Amanda Show, Cover Me: Based on the True Life of an FBI Family, Malcolm & Eddie, and The Good Wife. He appeared on the show Ned's Declassified School Survival Guide, and the movie Free Style. In 2009 he was cast as up-and-coming model Isaac Taylor in The CW Television Network drama The Beautiful Life: TBL.\nHe has also pursued a music career, and released his debut album Another Side on May 1, 2007, which included the single \"Push It to the Limit\". The album debuted at number thirty-six on the U.S. Billboard 200, selling 18,000 copies in its first week. Bleu released his second album, Speed of Light, on March 10, 2009, in the U.S.\nBleu played Usnavi in the Broadway company of In the Heights. Bleu was considered as host for The X Factor USA.\nOn September 4, 2013, he was revealed to be a contestant on the 17th season of Dancing with the Stars. He partnered with professional dancer Karina Smirnoff. Corbin and his partner made it to the finals, but became the runner-ups behind Amber Riley.
/m/0fhzf	Belgrade (Serbian: Београд, Beograd ( listen (help·info)) is the capital and largest city of Serbia. The city lies at the confluence of the Sava and Danube rivers, where the Pannonian Plain meets the Balkans. With a population of 1,630,000 (official estimate 2007), Belgrade is the third largest city in Southeastern Europe, after Istanbul and Athens. Its name in Serbian translates to White city. Belgrade's wider city area was the birthplace of the largest prehistoric culture of Europe, the Vinča culture, as early as the 6th millennium BC. In antiquity, the area of Belgrade was inhabited by the Thraco-Dacian tribe of Singi who would give the name to the city after a fortress was founded in the 3rd century BC by the Celts, who named it Singidun (dun, fortress) It was awarded city rights by the Romans before it was permanently settled by Serbs from the 7th century onwards. As a strategic location, the city was battled over in 115 wars and razed to the ground 44 times since the ancient.\n\nBy some other written sources, Singidunum was founded by general Flavio of the Roman eastern regiment during Thracian campaign in year 92 A.D. Singidunum served as supply base for Roman troops.
/m/03jjn8	The Liberal Party of the Philippines is the ruling political party and a liberal party in the Philippines, founded by then senators Senate President Manuel Roxas, Senate President Pro-Tempore Elpidio Quirino, and former 9th Senatorial District Senator José Avelino, on November 24, 1945 by a breakaway Liberal group from the Nacionalista Party. It is the current ruling party after the election victory of Benigno Aquino III as the President of the Philippines. The Liberals control the House of Representatives, while it is part of a coalition agreement in the Senate.\nAs such it is the second-oldest political party in the Philippines in terms of establishment, and the oldest active political party in the Philippines. The party has been led by respected liberal thinkers and development-politicians like Manuel Roxas, Elpidio Quirino, Diosdado Macapagal, Gerry Roxas, Benigno Aquino, Jr., Jovito Salonga, Raul Daza, Florencio B. Abad, Jr., Franklin Drilon, Mar Roxas, and Benigno Aquino III.
/m/0jgj7	Brevard County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida, along the coast of the Atlantic Ocean. As of the 2010 census, the population was 543,376, making it the 9th most populous county in the state. Influenced by the presence of the John F. Kennedy Space Center, Brevard County is also known as the Space Coast. As such, it was designated with the telephone area code 321, as in 3-2-1 liftoff. The county is named after Theodore Washington Brevard, an early settler, and state comptroller.\nThe official county seat has been located in Titusville since 1894, although most of the county's administration is performed from Viera. Brevard County has more than one county courthouse and sheriff's office because of its length. Hence, government services are not centralized in one location, as they are in many American counties.\nThe county is coextensive with the Palm Bay–Melbourne–Titusville, Florida, metropolitan statistical area, a metropolitan statistical area designated by the Office of Management and Budget and used for statistical purposes by the Census Bureau and other agencies. Palm Bay, Melbourne and Titusville are designated as the principal cities of the MSA. The Melbourne–Titusville–Cocoa, Florida, standard metropolitan statistical area was first defined in 1973. Cocoa was removed as a principal city in 1983, and Palm Bay was added, with the name changed to Melbourne–Titusville–Palm Bay, Florida, metropolitan statistical area. The MSA name was changed to its present form in 2003.
/m/0347xl	Amy Frederica Brenneman is an American actress and producer. She is best known for her roles as Detective Janice Licalsi in the ABC series NYPD Blue, as Judge Amy Gray in CBS drama Judging Amy, and as Violet Turner in ABC medical series Private Practice. In film, Brenneman starred in Heat, Fear, Daylight, Nine Lives, The Jane Austen Book Club and 88 Minutes. She was nominated for five Primetime Emmys and three Golden Globe Awards.
/m/0m2j5	New London County is a county located in the southeastern corner of the U.S. state of Connecticut bordering Long Island Sound. As of 2010 the population was 274,055. The total area of the county is 772 square miles, including inland and coastal waters.\nAs is the case with all eight of Connecticut's counties, there is no county government and no county seat. In Connecticut, Towns are responsible for all local government activities, including fire and rescue, snow removal and schools. In a few cases, neighboring Towns will share certain resources. New London County is merely a group of Towns on a map; it has no governmental authority.\nIt contains reservations of four of the five state-recognized Native American tribes, although the Paugassett were historically located further west.
/m/089fss	A set decorator is in charge of the set dressing on a film set and television set which includes the furnishings, drapery, lighting fixtures, artwork and many of the other objects that will be seen in the film. Props and Set Dressing items sometimes often overlap but are provided by different departments. Props are defined as items which are handled directly by actors, and discussions take place between set decorator and prop master in order to make sure that everything is being covered. The set decorator gives direction to their shoppers and to the leadman, who is in charge of the set dressers. The set decorator maintains a set dressing budget separate from the set budget or the prop budget and works on the overall look of the film or TV show. Set decorators are eligible to receive the Academy Award for Best Art Direction and the Art Director's Guild Award along with the production designer.
/m/0fm3kw	The Goya Award for Best Actress is one of the Goya Awards, Spain's principal national film awards.\nIn the list below the winner of the award for each year is shown first, followed by the other nominees.
/m/0gx_st	The 58th Annual Primetime Emmy Awards were held at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles, California on Sunday, August 27, 2006 on NBC at 8:00pm ET with Conan O'Brien hosting the show. The ceremony attracted 16.2 million viewers, 2½ million fewer than the previous year's ceremony, but still the ratings winner for the week. The Discovery Channel received its first major nomination this year.\nThis awards show was the first in 14 years to be held in August because of NBC's request; because of NBC Sunday Night Football, the show moved to accommodate NFL Kickoff Weekend.\nA new voting system determined nominees in particular categories by a \"blue ribbon\" panel of judges, which resulted in the exclusion of popular shows such as Desperate Housewives and Lost, and actors like Hugh Laurie from House. Lost's exclusion was mocked during the opening sequence, when O'Brien, accompanied by Hugo \"Hurley\" Reyes, heads down a hatch to get to the Emmys. O'Brien asked Reyes if he wanted to come; Reyes says coyly, \"Well, we weren't exactly invited\", to which O'Brien replies \"But you won last year!\"\nFor its second season, The Office won Outstanding Comedy Series, this was its only major award. No comedy series won more than two major awards. In the drama field 24 won Outstanding Drama Series after being nominated and losing the previous four years. Its three major awards topped all drama series. Ellen Burstyn was nominated for the Emmy for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Miniseries or Special for her role in Mrs. Harris, even though she was onscreen for only 14 seconds.
/m/0tzt_	The city of Northampton is the county seat of Hampshire County, Massachusetts, United States. As of 2012, the estimated total population of Northampton was 28,592. Northampton is part of the Pioneer Valley and also one of the northernmost cities in the Knowledge Corridor—a cross-state cultural and economic partnership with other Connecticut River Valley cities and towns.\nToday Northampton is known as an artistic, musical, and countercultural hub. It features a large politically liberal community along with numerous alternative health and intellectual organizations. Based on U.S. Census demographics, election returns, and other criteria, the website Epodunk rates Northampton as the most politically liberal medium-size city in the United States.\nNorthampton is considered part of the Springfield Metropolitan Area, one of Western Massachusetts's two separate metropolitan areas. It sits approximately 15 miles north of the City of Springfield, Massachusetts.
/m/018ckn	Arunachal Pradesh is one of the 28 states of India. Located in northeast India, Arunachal Pradesh borders the states of Assam and Nagaland to the south, and shares international borders with Bhutan in the west, Myanmar in the east and the People's Republic of China in the north. Itanagar is the capital of the state. China claims most of the state as part of Tibet and calls the disputed area South Tibet.\nArunachal Pradesh also known as the \"land of the dawn-lit mountains\". Literally it means the \"Land of the rising sun\" in reference to its position as the easternmost state of India. It is also known as the \"Orchid State of India\" or the \"Paradise of the Botanists\". Geographically, it is the largest among the North-east Indian states commonly known as the Seven Sister States. As in other parts of Northeast India, the people native to the state trace their origins from the Tibeto-Burman and Mongoloid race. A large number of migrants from various parts of India and foreign lands have and have been affecting the state's population.\nNo reliable population count of the migrant population exists, and the percentage estimating the total actual population accordingly vary. Arunachal Pradesh has the highest number of regional languages in South Asia enriched with diverse culture and traditions.
/m/04vzv4	Walter Plunkett was a costume designer.
/m/0dj75	The onion, also known as the bulb onion or common onion, is used as a vegetable and is the most widely cultivated species of the genus Allium. This genus also contains several other species variously referred to as onions and cultivated for food, such as the Japanese bunching onion, the Egyptian onion, and the Canada onion. The name \"wild onion\" is applied to a number of Allium species but A. cepa is exclusively known from cultivation and its wild original form is not known. The onion is most frequently a biennial or a perennial plant, but is usually treated as an annual and harvested in its first growing season.
/m/0347xz	Dennis Franz is an American actor best known for his role as Andy Sipowicz, a hard-boiled police detective, in the television series NYPD Blue. He previously appeared as Lt. Norman Buntz on Hill Street Blues, and earlier played Detective Benedetto on the same show.
/m/01flzb	Christian hip hop is hip hop music characterized by a Christian worldview, with the general purposes of evangelization, edifying some members of the church and/or simply entertaining.
/m/07c72	The Simpsons is an American adult animated sitcom created by Matt Groening for the Fox Broadcasting Company. The series is a satirical parody of a middle class American lifestyle epitomized by its family of the same name, which consists of Homer, Marge, Bart, Lisa, and Maggie. The show is set in the fictional town of Springfield and parodies American culture, society, television, and many aspects of the human condition.\nThe family was conceived by Groening shortly before a solicitation for a series of animated shorts with the producer James L. Brooks. Groening created a dysfunctional family and named the characters after members of his own family, substituting Bart for his own name. The shorts became a part of The Tracey Ullman Show on April 19, 1987. After a three-season run, the sketch was developed into a half-hour prime time show and was an early hit for Fox, becoming the network's first series to land in the Top 30 ratings in a season.\nSince its debut on December 17, 1989, the show has broadcast 541 episodes and the 25th season began on September 30, 2013. The Simpsons is the longest-running American sitcom, the longest-running American animated program, and in 2009 it surpassed Gunsmoke as the longest-running American primetime, scripted television series. The Simpsons Movie, a feature-length film, was released in theaters worldwide on July 26 and 27, 2007, and grossed over $527 million.
/m/05ztm4r	Josh Sussman is an American actor, best known for his role as Hugh Normous in Wizards of Waverly Place and his role as Jacob Ben Israel in Glee.
/m/01386_	Serj Tankian is an Armenian American singer-songwriter, composer, multi-instrumentalist, record producer, poet, and political activist. He is best known as the lead vocalist, songwriter, keyboardist and occasional live rhythm guitarist of the metal band System of a Down. During his musical career, Tankian has released five albums with System of a Down, one with Arto Tunçboyacıyan, as well as five solo albums Elect the Dead, Imperfect Harmonies, Harakiri, Orca, and Jazz-Iz-Christ. A live orchestral version of Elect the Dead incorporating the Auckland Philharmonia Orchestra named Elect the Dead Symphony was released. In 2002, Tankian and Rage Against the Machine/Audioslave guitarist Tom Morello co-founded a non-profit political activist organization, Axis of Justice. Tankian also founded the music label Serjical Strike Records. On August 12, 2011, Tankian was awarded the Armenian Prime Minister's Medal for his contributions to the recognition of the Armenian Genocide and the advancement of music.
/m/02pw_n	Garden State is a 2004 comedy-drama film written and directed by Zach Braff and starring Natalie Portman, Peter Sarsgaard, Ian Holm and Braff himself. The film centers on Andrew Largeman, a 26-year-old actor/waiter who returns to his hometown in New Jersey after his mother dies. Braff based the film on his real life experiences.\nIt was filmed in April and May 2003 and released on July 28, 2004. New Jersey was the main setting and primary shooting location.\nGarden State was well received and has garnered a cult following. It was an official selection of the Sundance Film Festival. The film also spawned a soundtrack for which Braff, who picked the music himself, won a Grammy award.
/m/01f6zc	Gary Leonard Oldman is an English screen and stage actor, filmmaker and musician. As an actor, he has collaborated with many of Hollywood's biggest filmmakers, including Francis Ford Coppola, Christopher Nolan, Ridley Scott, Oliver Stone, Quentin Tarantino and Robert Zemeckis. Some of his best-known roles are Sid Vicious in Sid and Nancy, Joe Orton in Prick Up Your Ears, Lee Harvey Oswald in JFK, Count Dracula in Bram Stoker's Dracula, Drexl Spivey in True Romance, Norman Stansfield in Léon: The Professional, Ludwig van Beethoven in Immortal Beloved, Sirius Black in the Harry Potter series, James Gordon in Nolan's Batman trilogy, and George Smiley in Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy.\nOldman is also known for his role in the films Meantime, The Firm, State of Grace, Rosencrantz & Guildenstern Are Dead, Basquiat, The Fifth Element, Air Force One, The Contender, Hannibal, Kung Fu Panda 2, and Lawless. As of 2013, Oldman's films have grossed over $3.7 billion at the United States box office, and over $9.6 billion worldwide. Aside from acting in films, Oldman wrote and directed Nil by Mouth, and appeared in television shows like Friends and Knots Landing, as well as recording music with David Bowie and Glen Matlock. A Royal Shakespeare Company and Royal Court Theatre alumnus, Oldman is also a classically trained actor who has appeared in many stage productions.
/m/07h07	Sir Tom Stoppard, OM, CBE, FRSL is a Czech-born British playwright, knighted in 1997. He has written prolifically for TV, radio, film and stage, finding prominence with plays such as Arcadia, The Coast of Utopia, Every Good Boy Deserves Favour, Professional Foul, The Real Thing, and Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead. He co-wrote the screenplays for Brazil, The Russia House, and Shakespeare in Love, and has received one Academy Award and four Tony Awards. Themes of human rights, censorship and political freedom pervade his work along with exploration of linguistics and philosophy. Stoppard has been a key playwright of the National Theatre and is one of the most internationally performed dramatists of his generation.\nIn 1939, Stoppard left Czechoslovakia as a child refugee, fleeing imminent Nazi occupation. He settled with his family in Britain after the war, in 1946. After being educated at schools in Nottingham and Yorkshire, Stoppard became a journalist, a drama critic and then, in 1960, a playwright. He has been married twice, to Josie Ingle and Miriam Stoppard, and has two sons from each marriage, one of whom is actor Ed Stoppard.
/m/05fyy5	An end in American football is a player who lines up at either end of the line of scrimmage. Rules state that a legal offensive formation must always consist of seven players on the line of scrimmage. An end who lines up close to the offensive line is known as a tight end, while one who lines up some distance from the offensive line is known as a split end. In recent years, the generic term wide receiver has come to define both split ends and flankers. The terms “split end” and “flanker” are no longer in common usage.\nThere is a commonly used position on the defense called the defensive end. However, as there are no rules regulating the formation of the defense, players at this position commonly take on and share multiple roles with other positions in different defensive schemes.\nBefore the advent of two platoons, in which teams fielded distinct defensive and offensive units, players that lined up on the ends of the line on both offense and defense were referred to simply as \"ends\".
/m/051ghn	RWDM Brussels FC, often simply referred to as FC Brussels, is a Belgian association football club based in the municipality of Molenbeek-Saint-Jean in Brussels. They have been playing in the second division since 2008–09. The club was formed in 2003 by the move of KFC Strombeek, a club from the Brussels suburb of Strombeek-Bever with matricule n°1936. FC Brussels play at the Stade Edmond Machtens, Molenbeek's former stadium. Their highest league ranking is a 10th place in the first division in 2005–06.
/m/0dl08	Jurist is someone who studies and teaches jurisprudence. Such a person can work as an academic, a legal writer, or an eminent judge. Thus jurist, someone who studies, analyses and comments on law, stands in contrast with lawyer, someone who applies law on behalf of clients and thinks about it in practical terms. As one author has explained:\nA man may be both a lawyer and a jurist, but a jurist is not necessarily a lawyer, nor a lawyer necessarily a jurist. Both must possess an acquaintance with what we call the law, but that is all. The work of the jurist is the study, analysis, and arrangement of the law — work which can be done wholly in the seclusion of the library. The work of the lawyer is the satisfaction of the wishes of particular human beings for legal assistance — work which requires dealing to some extent therefore with people in the office, in the court room, or in the market-place. The relative importance of the lawyer and the jurist is not material to this discussion.\nAny highly civilized society requires both lawyers and jurists, both philosophers and men of affairs. As a mere matter of fact, there is a greater demand for men of affairs than for philosophers, for lawyers than for jurists; but the number of persons which the interests of society require should engage in a particular occupation, has nothing to do with the question of the importance of the different kinds of work done by those persons. It is important however to note the fundamental difference between the work of the lawyer and that of the jurist.
/m/01vs14j	Laurence Joseph \"Larry\" Mullen, Jr. is an Irish musician and the drummer for the Irish rock band U2. One of the four original founders of U2, he would relate that he described the band as \"'The Larry Mullen Band' for about ten minutes, then Bono walked in and blew any chance I had of being in charge.\"\nSome of his most famous contributions to the U2 catalog include \"Sunday Bloody Sunday,\" \"\"40\",\" \"Zoo Station,\" and \"Mysterious Ways.\" He has worked on numerous side projects during his career, including a collaboration with Michael Stipe and Mike Mills of R.E.M. to form Automatic Baby in 1993 and working with bandmate Adam Clayton on the re-recording of the theme to Mission: Impossible, in 1996. He has been awarded, both as part of U2 and in his own right, 22 Grammy awards.
/m/0jbk	Animals are multicellular, eukaryotic organisms of the kingdom Animalia or Metazoa. Their body plan eventually becomes fixed as they develop, although some undergo a process of metamorphosis later on in their lives. Most animals are motile, meaning they can move spontaneously and independently. All animals must ingest other organisms or their products for sustenance.\nMost known animal phyla appeared in the fossil record as marine species during the Cambrian explosion, about 542 million years ago. Animals are divided into various sub-groups, some of which are: vertebrates; mollusks; arthropods; annelids; sponges; and jellyfish.
/m/0kd69	County Armagh is one of six counties that form Northern Ireland, situated in the north-east of the island of Ireland. Adjoined to the south shore of Lough Neagh, the county covers an area of 1,326 km², with a population of approximately 174,792. It is also one of the thirty-two traditional counties of Ireland, lying within the historical province of Ulster. County Armagh is known as the \"Orchard County\" because the land is very fertile for apple-growing.
/m/0k9p4	Anaheim is a city located in Orange County, part of the Los Angeles metropolitan area. In the 2010 United States Census, the city of Anaheim had a population of 336,265, making it the most populated city in Orange County, the 10th most-populated city in California, and ranked 54th in the United States. Anaheim is the second largest city in Orange County in terms of land area, and is known for its theme parks, sports teams and convention center.\nFounded by fifty German families in 1857 and incorporated as the second city in Los Angeles County on February 10, 1870, Anaheim developed into an industrial center, producing electronics, aircraft parts and canned fruit. It is the site of the Disneyland Resort, a world-famous grouping of theme parks and hotels which opened in 1955, Angel Stadium of Anaheim, Honda Center and Anaheim Convention Center, the largest convention center on the West Coast.\nAnaheim's city limits stretch from Cypress in the west to the Riverside County line in the east and encompass a diverse collection of neighborhoods and communities. Anaheim Hills is a master-planned community located in the city's eastern stretches that is home to many sports stars and executives. Downtown Anaheim has three mixed-use historic districts, the largest of which is the Anaheim Colony. The Anaheim Resort, a commercial district, includes Disneyland and numerous hotels and retail complexes. The Platinum Triangle, a neo-urban redevelopment district surrounding Angel Stadium, is planned to be populated with mixed-use streets and high-rises. Finally, The Canyon is an industrial district north of SR 91 and east of SR 57.
/m/03qjg	The harmonica, also French harp, blues harp, and mouth organ, is a free reed wind instrument used worldwide in nearly every musical genre, notably in blues, American folk music, jazz, country, and rock and roll. There are many types of harmonica, including diatonic, chromatic, tremolo, octave, orchestral, and bass versions. A harmonica is played by using the mouth to direct air into and out of one or more holes along a mouthpiece. Behind the holes are chambers containing at least one reed. A harmonica reed is a flat elongated spring typically made of brass, stainless steel, or bronze, which is secured at one end over a slot that serves as an airway. When the free end is made to vibrate by the player's air, it alternately blocks and unblocks the airway to produce sound.\nReeds are pre-tuned to individual pitches. Tuning may involve changing a reed's length, the weight near its free end, or the stiffness near its fixed end. Longer, heavier and springier reeds produce deeper, lower sounds; shorter, lighter and stiffer reeds make higher-pitched sounds. If, as on most modern harmonicas, a reed is affixed above or below its slot rather than in the plane of the slot, it responds more easily to air flowing in the direction that initially would push it into the slot, i.e., as a closing reed. This difference in response to air direction makes it possible to include both a blow reed and a draw reed in the same air chamber and to play them separately without relying on flaps of plastic or leather to block the nonplaying reed.
/m/0407f	James Joseph Brown, Jr. was an American recording artist and musician. One of the founding fathers of funk music and a major figure of 20th-century popular music and dance, he is often referred to as \"The Godfather of Soul\". In a career that spanned six decades, Brown profoundly influenced the development of many different musical genres.\nBorn in Barnwell, South Carolina, Brown moved to Augusta, Georgia, to live with relatives at the age of five. After a stint in prison for robbery, Brown began his career as a gospel singer in Toccoa, Georgia. Joining an R&B vocal group called the Avons that later evolved to become The Famous Flames, Brown served as the group's lead singer. First coming to national public attention in the late 1950s as a member of The Flames with the ballads \"Please, Please, Please\" and \"Try Me\", Brown built a reputation as a tireless live performer with singing group The Famous Flames and his backing band, sometimes known as the James Brown Band or the James Brown Orchestra. Brown's success peaked in the 1960s with the live album, Live at the Apollo, and hit singles such as \"Papa's Got a Brand New Bag\", \"I Got You\" and \"It's a Man's Man's Man's World\". During the late 1960s, Brown moved from a continuum of blues and gospel-based forms and styles to a profoundly \"Africanized\" approach to music-making that influenced the development of funk music. By the early 1970s, Brown had fully established the funk sound after the formation of The J.B.'s with records such as \"Get Up Sex Machine\" and \"The Payback\". Brown also became notable for songs of social commentary including the 1968 hit, \"Say It Loud - I'm Black and I'm Proud\". Brown continued to perform and record for the duration of his life until his death in 2006 from congestive heart failure and pneumonia.
/m/0g9zljd	A Separation is a 2011 Iranian drama film written and directed by Asghar Farhadi, starring Leila Hatami, Peyman Moaadi, Shahab Hosseini, Sareh Bayat, and Sarina Farhadi. It focuses on an Iranian middle-class couple who separate, and the conflicts that arise when the husband hires a lower-class care giver for his elderly father, who suffers from Alzheimer's disease.\nA Separation won the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film in 2012, becoming the first Iranian film to win the award. It received the Golden Bear for Best Film and the Silver Bears for Best Actress and Best Actor at the 61st Berlin International Film Festival, becoming the first Iranian film to win the Golden Bear. It also won the Golden Globe for Best Foreign Language Film. The film was nominated for the Best Original Screenplay Academy Award, making it the first non-English film in five years to achieve this.
/m/0qdyf	Geoffrey Arnold \"Jeff\" Beck is an English rock guitarist. He is one of the three noted guitarists to have played with the Yardbirds. Beck also formed the Jeff Beck Group and Beck, Bogert & Appice.\nMuch of Beck's recorded output has been instrumental, with a focus on innovative sound, and his releases have spanned genres ranging from blues rock, heavy metal, jazz fusion and an additional blend of guitar-rock and electronica. Although he recorded two hit albums as a solo act, Beck has not established or maintained the sustained commercial success of many of his contemporaries and bandmates. Beck appears on albums by Mick Jagger, Tina Turner, Morrissey, Jon Bon Jovi, Malcolm McLaren, Kate Bush, Roger Waters, Donovan, Stevie Wonder, Les Paul, Zucchero, Cyndi Lauper, Brian May, Stanley Clarke and ZZ Top.\nHe was ranked 5th in Rolling Stone's list of the \"100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time\" and the magazine has described him as \"one of the most influential lead guitarists in rock\". MSNBC has called him a \"guitarist's guitarist\". Beck has earned wide critical praise and received the Grammy Award for Best Rock Instrumental Performance six times and Best Pop Instrumental Performance once. He has been inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame twice: as a member of the Yardbirds and as a solo artist.
/m/01_r9k	Morehouse College is a private, all-male, liberal arts, historically black college located in Atlanta, in the U.S. state of Georgia. Along with Hampden–Sydney College and Wabash College, Morehouse is one of three remaining traditional men's liberal arts colleges in the United States.\nThe mission of Morehouse College is to develop men with disciplined minds who will lead lives of leadership and service. A private historically black liberal arts college for men, Morehouse realizes this mission by emphasizing the intellectual and character development of its students. In addition, the College assumes special responsibility for teaching the history and culture of black people.\nMorehouse has a 61-acre campus and an enrollment of approximately 2,100 students. The student-faculty ratio is 16:1 and 100% of the school's tenure-track faculty hold tertiary degrees. Along with Clark Atlanta University, Interdenominational Theological Center, Morehouse School of Medicine and nearby women's college Spelman College, Morehouse is part of the Atlanta University Center.\nMorehouse is one of two black colleges in the country to produce Rhodes Scholars, and it is the alma mater of many African-American leaders, including Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr..
/m/0f4kp	Vitamin B6 is a water-soluble vitamin and is part of the vitamin B complex group. Several forms of the vitamin are known, but pyridoxal phosphate is the active form and is a cofactor in many reactions of amino acid metabolism, including transamination, deamination, and decarboxylation. PLP also is necessary for the enzymatic reaction governing the release of glucose from glycogen.
/m/02h2z_	During the Second World War, the North African Campaign took place in North Africa from 10 June 1940 to 13 May 1943. It included campaigns fought in the Libyan and Egyptian deserts and in Morocco and Algeria and Tunisia.\nThe campaign was fought between the Allies and Axis powers, many of whom had colonial interests in Africa dating from the late 19th century. The Allied war effort was dominated by the British Commonwealth and exiles from German-occupied Europe. The United States entered the war in 1941 and began direct military assistance in North Africa on 11 May 1942.\nFighting in North Africa started with the Italian declaration of war on 10 June 1940. On 14 June, the British Army's 11th Hussars crossed the border from Egypt into Libya and captured the Italian Fort Capuzzo. This was followed by an Italian counteroffensive into Egypt and the capture of Sidi Barrani in September 1940 and then in December 1940 by a Commonwealth counteroffensive, Operation Compass. During Operation Compass, the Italian 10th Army was destroyed and the German Afrika Korps—commanded by Erwin Rommel—was dispatched to North Africa—during Operation Sonnenblume—to reinforce Italian forces in order to prevent a complete Axis defeat.
/m/02h659	Rollins College is a private, coeducational liberal arts college located in Winter Park, Florida along the shores of Lake Virginia.\nRollins is a member of the SACS, NASM, ACS, FDE, AAM, AACSB International, Council for Accreditation of Counseling, and Related Educational Programs.\nIt has a total undergraduate enrollment of 1,884, of which 41% of the population is male and 59% female. Its setting is suburban, and the campus size is 80 acres. It utilizes a semester-based academic calendar.
/m/06lckm	FC Thun 1898 is a Swiss football team from the Bernese Oberland town of Thun. The club currently plays in the Swiss Super League after being promoted in the 2009/10 season. The club plays at the Arena Thun which accommodates a total of 10,300 supporters, both seated and standing. The club's colours are red and white.
/m/01d88c	Ahmedabad is the largest city and former capital of the Indian state of Gujarat.\nThe city is the administrative headquarters of Ahmedabad district and is the judicial capital of Gujarat as the Gujarat High Court is located here. With a population of more than 5.8 million and an extended population of 6.3 million, it is the fifth largest city and seventh largest metropolitan area of India. It is also ranked third in Forbes' list of fastest growing cities of the decade. Ahmedabad is located on the banks of the River Sabarmati, 30 km from the state capital Gandhinagar.\nThough incorporated into the Bombay Presidency during British rule, Ahmedabad remained one of the most important cities in the Gujarat region. The city established itself as the home of a developing textile industry, which earned it the nickname \"Manchester of the East\". The city was at the forefront of the Indian independence movement in the first half of the 20th century and the centre of many campaigns of civil disobedience to promote farmers' and workers' rights, and civil rights apart from political independence.\nCricket is a popular sport in Ahmedabad, and the Sardar Patel Stadium is situated within the city. In 2012, The Times of India chose Ahmedabad as the best city to live in India.
/m/090gk3	Aruna Irani is an Indian actress who has acted in over 300 films mostly playing supporting roles. She has danced in the songs \"Thoda Resham Lagta Hai\" from film Jyoti, \"Chadti Jawani Meri Chaal Mastani\", \"Dilbar Dilse Pyare\", \"Ab Jo Mile Hai\" from film Caravan, \"Main Shayar To Nahi\" from film Bobby and \"Apni To Jaise Taise\" from film \"Lawaaris\" amongst others. Her performance in both films won her nomination at Filmfare Awards for Best Supporting Role. She holds the record for winning maximum nominations in this category and received the award twice for her roles in Pet Pyaar Aur Paap and Beta. In January 2012, she was honoured with Filmfare Lifetime Achievement Award at the 57th Filmfare Awards function.
/m/0jf1b	Robert Louis “Bob” Fosse was an American actor, dancer, musical theatre choreographer, director, screenwriter, film editor and film director. He won an unprecedented eight Tony Awards for choreography, as well as one for direction. He was nominated for an Academy Award four times, winning for his direction of Cabaret.
/m/047q2k1	3 Idiots is a 2009 Indian coming-of-age comedy-drama film directed by Rajkumar Hirani, with a screenplay by Abhijat Joshi, and produced by Vidhu Vinod Chopra. It was loosely adapted from the novel Five Point Someone by Chetan Bhagat. The film stars Aamir Khan,Kareena Kapoor, R. Madhavan, Sharman Joshi, Omi Vaidya, Parikshit Sahni and Boman Irani. 3 Idiots went on to become the highest-grossing Bollywood film.\nUpon release, the film broke all opening box office records in India. It was the highest-grossing film in its opening weekend in India and had the highest opening day collections for a Bollywood film. It also held the record for highest net collections in the first week for a Bollywood film. It also became one of the few Indian films to become a major success in East Asian markets such as China, eventually bringing its overseas total to more than US$ 25 million—the highest-grossing Bollywood film of all time in overseas markets. It was expected to be the first Indian film to be officially released on YouTube, within 12 weeks of releasing in theatres on 25 March 2010, but finally got officially released on YouTube in May 2012. The film also went on to win many awards, winning six Filmfare Awards including best film and best director, ten Star Screen Awards and sixteen IIFA awards.
/m/0152x_	MSNBC is an American basic cable and satellite channel that provides political commentary on current events and is owned by the NBCUniversal News Group, a unit of the NBCUniversal Television Group division of NBCUniversal. The channel features current events, information, and political opinion programming. Its name was derived from the most common abbreviations for Microsoft and the National Broadcasting Company.\nMSNBC and msnbc.com were founded in 1996 as partnerships of Microsoft and General Electric's NBC unit, which is now NBCUniversal. The online partnership of msnbc.com ended on July 16, 2012 and the site was rebranded as NBCNews.com. MSNBC shares the NBC logo of a rainbow peacock with its sister channels NBC, CNBC, and NBC Sports Network.\nBeginning in the mid-2000s, MSNBC assumed a stance in its opinion programming reflecting their definition of progressive views. In October 2010, it publicly acknowledged this with a marketing campaign it called \"Lean Forward\". Further, in September 2013, MSNBC launched its revamped official website under the tagline, \"What Progressives Have Been Waiting For.\"\nAs of August 2013, approximately 94,519,000 American households receive MSNBC.
/m/0dj7p	Montgomery County is a county located in the U.S. state of New York bordering the north bank of the Mohawk River. It was named in honor of Richard Montgomery, an American Revolutionary War general killed in 1775 at the Battle of Quebec. As of the 2010 census, the population was 50,219. The county seat is Fonda.
/m/0hhggmy	Taken 2 is a 2012 English-language French action thriller film directed by Olivier Megaton which stars Liam Neeson, along with an international cast. It is the sequel to the 2008 film Taken and was released on 3 October 2012. Despite receiving mixed reviews by critics, Taken 2 was a box office success, and earned more than its predecessor.
/m/01l3lx	The Antilles is an archipelago bordered by the Caribbean Sea to the south and west, the Gulf of Mexico to the northwest, and the Atlantic Ocean to the north and east. The Antillean islands are divided into two smaller groupings: the Greater Antilles, which includes the larger islands of Cuba, Jamaica, Puerto Rico, Hispaniola and the Cayman Islands; and the Lesser Antilles, which contains the northerly Leeward Islands, the southeasterly Windward Islands, and the Leeward Antilles just north of Venezuela. The Lucayan Archipelago, though part of the West Indies, are generally not included among the Antillean islands.\nGeographically, the Antillean islands are generally considered a subregion of North America. Culturally speaking, Cuba, the Dominican Republic, and Puerto Rico – and sometimes the whole of the Antilles – are included in Latin America, although some sources avoid this socioeconomic emphasized oversimplification by using the phrase \"Latin America and the Caribbean\" instead. In terms of geology, the Greater Antilles are made up of continental rock, as distinct from the Lesser Antilles, which are mostly young volcanic or coral islands.
/m/01w9wwg	Will.i.am is a winner of the 2013 Honorary Clio Award.
/m/07ddz9	Paul Dooley is an American actor, writer, and comedian.
/m/095bb	An animated cartoon is a film for the cinema, television or computer screen, which is made using sequential drawings, as opposed to animations in general, which include films made using clay, puppet and other means.
/m/037d35	Paul Joseph Schrader is a U.S. screenwriter, film director, and film critic. Schrader wrote or cowrote screen-plays for the Martin Scorsese classics Taxi Driver and Raging Bull, both considered among the greatest films ever made, and has directed 18 feature films, including his 1982 remake of the horror classic Cat People, and critically acclaimed dramas American Gigolo, Mishima: A Life in Four Chapters, Affliction and Auto Focus.
/m/01gpkz	The University of Strathclyde is a Scottish public research university located in Glasgow, Scotland. It is Glasgow's second university by age, being founded in 1796 as the Andersonian Institute, and receiving its Royal Charter in 1964 as the UK's first technological university. It takes its name from the historic Kingdom of Strathclyde.\nThe University of Strathclyde is Scotland's third largest university by number of students, with students and staff from over 100 countries. The institution was awarded University of the Year 2012 and Entrepreneurial University of the year 2013 by Times Higher Education.\nApplications for a place into many of the courses in the university is competitive and successful entrants have on average of 460 UCAS points. This places Strathclyde as the 15th highest ranked among UK higher education institutions.
/m/09tqkv2	The Kids Are All Right is a 2010 American comedy-drama film directed by Lisa Cholodenko and written by Cholodenko and Stuart Blumberg. One of Sundance 2010's breakout hits, it opened in limited release on July 9, 2010, expanding to more theaters on July 30, 2010. It was released on DVD and Blu-ray on November 16, 2010. The film was awarded the Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture - Musical or Comedy, and Annette Bening was awarded the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy. The film also received four Academy Award nominations, including one for Best Picture, at the 83rd Academy Awards.
/m/07jwr	Tuberculosis, MTB, or TB, in the past also called phthisis, phthisis pulmonalis, or consumption, is a common, and in many cases fatal, infectious disease caused by various strains of mycobacteria, usually Mycobacterium tuberculosis. Tuberculosis typically attacks the lungs, but can also affect other parts of the body. It is spread through the air when people who have an active TB infection cough, sneeze, or otherwise transmit respiratory fluids through the air. Most infections do not have symptoms, known as latent tuberculosis. About one in ten latent infections eventually progresses to active disease which, if left untreated, kills more than 50% of those so infected.\nThe classic symptoms of active TB infection are a chronic cough with blood-tinged sputum, fever, night sweats, and weight loss. Infection of other organs causes a wide range of symptoms. Diagnosis of active TB relies on radiology, as well as microscopic examination and microbiological culture of body fluids. Diagnosis of latent TB relies on the tuberculin skin test and/or blood tests. Treatment is difficult and requires administration of multiple antibiotics over a long period of time. Social contacts are also screened and treated if necessary. Antibiotic resistance is a growing problem in multiple drug-resistant tuberculosis infections. Prevention relies on screening programs and vaccination with the bacillus Calmette–Guérin vaccine.
/m/04j_h4	Grime, also known as 8-bar, nu shape, sublow and eskibeat, is a style of British music that emerged in Bow, London in the early 2000s, primarily as a development of UK garage, drum and bass, hip hop and dancehall. Pioneers of this style include English rappers Dizzee Rascal, Wiley, Roll Deep, Kano, and Skepta.
/m/04t7ts	Philip Baker Hall is an American actor. Although usually cast in supporting or background roles, Hall played the lead roles of President Richard Nixon in Robert Altman's Secret Honor, Sydney in Paul Thomas Anderson's Hard Eight, and most recently Arthur in the independent film, Duck.
/m/02jyr8	The University of Alabama at Birmingham is a public university in Birmingham in the U.S. state of Alabama. Developed from an academic extension center established in 1936, the institution became an autonomous institution in 1969 and is today one of three institutions in the University of Alabama System. UAB offers 140 programs of study in 12 academic divisions leading to bachelor's, master's, doctoral, and professional degrees in the social and behavioral sciences, the liberal arts, business, education, engineering, and health-related fields such as medicine, dentistry, optometry, nursing, and public health.\nThe UAB Health System, one of the largest academic medical centers in the United States, is affiliated with the university. UAB Hospital sponsors residency programs in medical specialties, including internal medicine, neurology, surgery, radiology, and anesthesiology. UAB Hospital is the only ACS verified Level I trauma center in Alabama, as rated by the American College of Surgeons Trauma Program.\nUAB is the state's largest employer, with more than 18,000 faculty and staff and over 53,000 jobs at the university and in the health system. An estimated 10 percent of the jobs in the Birmingham-Hoover Metropolitan Area and 1 in 33 jobs in the state of Alabama are directly or indirectly related to UAB. The university's overall annual economic impact was estimated to be $4.6 billion in 2010.
/m/02s3gw	The Buffyverse or Slayerverse, is the shared fictional universe in which the TV series Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Angel are set. This term, originally coined by fans of the TV series, has since been used in the titles of published works, and adopted by Joss Whedon, the creator of the fictional universe. The Buffyverse is a place in which supernatural phenomena exist, and supernatural evil can be challenged by people willing to fight against such forces.
/m/052zgp	Portmore United Football Club is a Jamaican football team that currently plays in the Red Stripe Premier League.\nThe team trains and plays home matches at the Ferdi Neita Sports Complex.
/m/02b2np	Hull City Association Football Club is an English association football club based in Kingston upon Hull, East Riding of Yorkshire, founded in 1904. The club participates in the Premier League, the first tier of English football. In 2007–08 they achieved promotion to the top flight of English football for the first time in their history, by winning the Championship play-off final at Wembley Stadium. They finished the 2008–09 season 17th in the Premier League table, successfully avoiding relegation by one point. The previous highest position Hull City had finished in the Football League was third in the old Second Division in 1909–10, which they matched in 2007–08 when they gained promotion. Their greatest achievement in cup competitions came in 1930, when the team reached the semi-final of the FA Cup. After securing promotion on the final day of the 2012–13 season, the club will compete in the Premier League in the 2013–14 season.\nHull play their home games at the KC Stadium. They previously played at Boothferry Park but moved to their current home in 2002, and Boothferry Park has now been demolished to make way for a housing development. They traditionally play in black and amber, often with a striped shirt design, hence their nickname The Tigers. The club's mascot is Roary the Tiger.
/m/09tc_y	Fleetwood Town Football Club is an English football club based in Fleetwood, Lancashire, and participates in League Two, the fourth tier of English football. Established in 1997, the current Fleetwood Town F.C. is the third incarnation of the club which first formed in 1908. Their home strip is red shirts with white sleeves and white shorts. The home ground is Highbury Stadium in Fleetwood. The club won the 2011–12 Football Conference, and played in the Football League for the first time in the 2012–13 season.
/m/01hr1	Batman Forever is a 1995 American superhero film directed by Joel Schumacher and produced by Tim Burton, based on the DC Comics character Batman. It is the third installment of Warner Bros.' initial Batman film series, with Val Kilmer replacing Michael Keaton as Bruce Wayne/Batman. Also stars Tommy Lee Jones, Jim Carrey, Nicole Kidman and Chris O'Donnell. The plot focuses on Batman trying to stop Two-Face and the Riddler in their villainous scheme to drain information from all the brains in Gotham City. He gains allegiance from a love interest—psychiatrist Dr. Chase Meridian—and a young, orphaned circus acrobat named Dick Grayson, who becomes his sidekick Robin.\nThe film's tone was different from the previous installments, becoming more family-friendly since Warner Bros. considered that the previous film, Batman Returns, underperformed at the box office due to its violence and dark overtones. Schumacher eschewed the dark, dystopian atmosphere of Burton's films, and drew inspiration directly from the Batman comic book seen in the 1940s/early 1950s, and the 1960s television series. The budget of the film was an estimated $100,000,000. Production was troubled, with many actors considered for the main roles. Filming locations include Alcatraz Island, San Francisco, CA and the Manhattan Bridge in New York City, NY.
/m/0f1jhc	Andrew A. \"Andy\" Heyward is the former Chairman and CEO of DIC Entertainment, an animation production company.
/m/01ycbq	Arthur Christopher Orme Plummer CC is a Canadian theatre, film and television actor. He made his film debut in 1958's Stage Struck, and notable film performances include The Sound of Music, The Night of the Generals, Murder By Decree, The Return of the Pink Panther, Star Trek VI: The Undiscovered Country, The Man Who Would Be King, The Insider and 1969 cult classic Lock Up Your Daughters.\nIn a career that spans seven decades and includes substantial roles in each of the dramatic arts, Plummer is probably best known to film audiences as the autocratic widower Captain Georg Johannes von Trapp in the hit 1965 musical film The Sound of Music alongside Julie Andrews. Plummer has also ventured into various television projects, including the legendary miniseries The Thorn Birds.\nIn the 21st century his film roles include The Insider as Mike Wallace, Inside Man with Denzel Washington, the Disney–Pixar 2009 film Up as Charles Muntz, the Shane Acker production 9 as '1', The Last Station as Leo Tolstoy, The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus as Doctor Parnassus, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo as Henrik Vanger, and Beginners as Hal.\nPlummer has won numerous awards and accolades for his work, including an Academy Award, two Emmy Awards, two Tony Awards, a Golden Globe Award, a SAG Award, and a BAFTA Award. With his win at the age of 82 in 2012 for Beginners, Plummer is the oldest actor and person ever to win an Academy Award.
/m/055t01	Scott McNeil is an Australian-born Canadian actor and voice actor. He currently resides in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. He has provided voices to many characters in animated shows, most notably ReBoot, Beast Wars, Storm Hawks, Dragon Ball Z, Mobile Suit Gundam Wing, InuYasha, Ranma 1/2, Fullmetal Alchemist, and X-Men: Evolution. He has done live action work as well.
/m/04wv_	The Moon is the only natural satellite of the Earth and the fifth largest moon in the Solar System. It is the largest natural satellite of a planet in the Solar System relative to the size of its primary, having 27% the diameter and 60% the density of Earth, resulting in ¹⁄81 its mass. Among satellites with known densities, the Moon is the second densest, after Io, a satellite of Jupiter.\nThe Moon is in synchronous rotation with Earth, always showing the same face with its near side marked by dark volcanic maria that fill between the bright ancient crustal highlands and the prominent impact craters. It is the most luminous object in the sky after the Sun. Although it appears a very bright white, its surface is actually dark, with a reflectance just slightly higher than that of worn asphalt. Its prominence in the sky and its regular cycle of phases have, since ancient times, made the Moon an important cultural influence on language, calendars, art and mythology. The Moon's gravitational influence produces the ocean tides and the minute lengthening of the day. The Moon's current orbital distance, about thirty times the diameter of Earth, causes it to appear almost the same size in the sky as the Sun, allowing it to cover the Sun nearly precisely in total solar eclipses. This matching of apparent visual size is a coincidence. The Moon's linear distance from Earth is currently increasing at a rate of 3.82±0.07 cm per year, but this rate is not constant.
/m/02vqpx8	David Eugene Mills was an American journalist, writer and producer of television programs. He was an executive producer and writer of the HBO miniseries The Corner, for which he won two Emmy Awards, and the creator, executive producer, and writer of the NBC miniseries Kingpin.
/m/0hvgt	Futbol Club Barcelona, also known as Barcelona and familiarly as Barça, is a professional football club, based in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.\nFounded in 1899 by a group of Swiss, English and Catalan footballers led by Joan Gamper, the club has become a symbol of Catalan culture and Catalanism, hence the motto \"Més que un club\". Unlike many other football clubs, the supporters own and operate Barcelona. It is the world's second-richest football club in terms of revenue, with an annual turnover of $613 million, and the third most valuable sports team on the globe, worth $2.6 billion. The official Barcelona anthem is the \"Cant del Barça\", written by Jaume Picas and Josep Maria Espinàs.\nBarcelona is the most successful club in Spain, in terms of overall official titles won. Barcelona was ranked first in the 'All-Time Club World Ranking' by IFFHS, on 31 December 2009, and is also currently placed on top of the UEFA club rankings. They are the current Spanish football champions and has won 22 La Liga, 26 Copa del Rey, 11 Supercopa de España, 3 Copa Eva Duarte and 2 Copa de la Liga trophies, as well as being the record holder for the latter four competitions. In international club football, Barcelona has won four UEFA Champions League, a record four UEFA Cup Winners' Cup, four UEFA Super Cup, a record three Inter-Cities Fairs Cup and a record two FIFA Club World Cup trophies. The club has a long-standing rivalry with Real Madrid; matches between the two teams are referred to as \"El Clásico\".
/m/02vqsll	Frost/Nixon is a 2008 historical drama film based on the 2006 play of the same name by Peter Morgan which tells the story behind the Frost/Nixon interviews of 1977. The film was directed by Ron Howard and produced for Universal Pictures by Howard, Brian Grazer of Imagine Entertainment and Tim Bevan and Eric Fellner of Working Title Films, and received five Academy Award nominations, including Best Picture, Best Actor and Best Director.\nThe film reunites its original two stars from the West End and Broadway productions of the play: Michael Sheen as British television broadcaster David Frost and Frank Langella as former United States President Richard Nixon.
/m/06tgw	Somalia, officially the Federal Republic of Somalia, is a country located in the Horn of Africa. It is bordered by Ethiopia to the west, Djibouti to the northwest, the Gulf of Aden to the north, the Indian Ocean to the east, and Kenya to the southwest. Somalia has the longest coastline on the continent's mainland, and its terrain consists mainly of plateaus, plains and highlands. Climatically, hot conditions prevail year-round, with periodic monsoon winds and irregular rainfall.\nSomalia has a population of around 10 million. About 85% of residents are ethnic Somalis, who have historically inhabited the northern part of the country. Ethnic minorities make up the remainder and are largely concentrated in the southern regions. The official languages of Somalia are Somali and Arabic, both of which belong to the Afro-Asiatic family. Most people in the country are Muslim, with the majority being Sunni.\nIn antiquity, Somalia was an important commercial centre, and is among the most probable locations of the fabled ancient Land of Punt. During the Middle Ages, several powerful Somali empires dominated the regional trade, including the Ajuuraan State, the Adal Sultanate, the Warsangali Sultanate, and the Geledi Sultanate. In the late 19th century, through a succession of treaties with these kingdoms, the British and Italians gained control of parts of the coast and established the colonies of British Somaliland and Italian Somaliland. In the interior, Muhammad Abdullah Hassan's Dervish State successfully repelled the British Empire four times and forced it to retreat to the coastal region, The Dervishes were finally defeated in 1920 by British airpower. Italy acquired full control of the northeastern and southern parts of the area after successfully waging the so-called Campaign of the Sultanates against the ruling Majeerteen Sultanate and Sultanate of Hobyo. Italian occupation lasted until 1941, yielding to British military administration. Northern Somalia would remain a protectorate, while southern Somalia became a United Nations Trusteeship in 1949. In 1960, the two regions united to form the independent Somali Republic under a civilian government. Mohamed Siad Barre seized power in 1969 and established the Somali Democratic Republic. In 1991, Barre's government collapsed as the Somali Civil War broke out.
/m/06hpx2	Executive director is a term sometimes applied to the chief executive officer or managing director of an organization, company, or corporation. It is widely used in North American non-profit organizations, though in recent decades many U.S. nonprofits have adopted the title President or CEO.\nConfusion can arise because the words \"executive\" and \"director\" occur both in this title and in those of various members of some organizations' Board of directors. The precise meanings of these terms are discussed in the Board of Directors section of the article on Board of Directors.
/m/0lv1x	The 1928 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the IX Olympiad, was an international multi-sport event which was celebrated in 1928 in Amsterdam, Netherlands. Amsterdam had bid for the 1920 and 1924 Olympic Games, but had to give way to wartorn Antwerp, Belgium, and Pierre de Coubertin's Paris, respectively. The only other candidate city for the 1928 Games was Los Angeles, which would host the Olympics four years later.\nThe United States Olympic Committee measured the costs and revenue of the 1928 Games in preparation for the 1932 Summer Olympics. The committee reported a total cost of US$1.183 million with receipts of US$1.165 million for a loss of US$18,000—much less than that of the previous Games.
/m/09gnn	John Maynard Keynes, 1st Baron Keynes, CB, FBA was a British economist whose ideas have fundamentally affected the theory and practice of modern macroeconomics, and informed the economic policies of governments. He built on and greatly refined earlier work on the causes of business cycles, and is widely considered to be one of the founders of modern macroeconomics and the most influential economist of the 20th century. His ideas are the basis for the school of thought known as Keynesian economics, and its various offshoots.\nIn the 1930s, Keynes spearheaded a revolution in economic thinking, overturning the older ideas of neoclassical economics that held that free markets would, in the short to medium term, automatically provide full employment, as long as workers were flexible in their wage demands. Keynes instead argued that aggregate demand determined the overall level of economic activity, and that inadequate aggregate demand could lead to prolonged periods of high unemployment. According to Keynesian economics, state intervention was necessary to moderate \"boom and bust\" cycles of economic activity. He advocated the use of fiscal and monetary measures to mitigate the adverse effects of economic recessions and depressions. Following the outbreak of World War II, Keynes's ideas concerning economic policy were adopted by leading Western economies. In 1942, Keynes was awarded a hereditary peerage as Baron Keynes of Tilton in the County of Sussex. Keynes died in 1946, but during the 1950s and 1960s the success of Keynesian economics resulted in almost all capitalist governments adopting its policy recommendations.
/m/02yr1q	Drake University is a private, co-educational university located in Des Moines, Iowa, USA. The institution offers a number of undergraduate and graduate programs, as well as professional programs in business, law and pharmacy. Drake is one of the twenty-five oldest law schools in the country.
/m/0cbm64	The Jonas Brothers were an American pop rock band. Formed in 2005, they gained popularity from the Disney Channel children's television network and consists of three brothers from Wyckoff, New Jersey; Paul Kevin Jonas II, Joseph Adam Jonas and Nicholas Jerry Jonas. In the summer of 2008 they starred in the Disney Channel Original Movie Camp Rock and its sequel, Camp Rock 2: The Final Jam. They also starred as Kevin, Joe, and Nick Lucas, the band JONAS, in their own Disney Channel series JONAS, which was later re-branded for its second season as Jonas L.A. The show was eventually cancelled after two seasons. The band released four albums: It's About Time, Jonas Brothers, A Little Bit Longer, and Lines, Vines and Trying Times.\nIn 2008, the group was nominated for the Best New Artist award at the 51st Grammy Awards and won the award for Breakthrough Artist at the American Music Awards. As of May 2009, before the release of Lines, Vines and Trying Times, they have sold over eight million albums worldwide. After a hiatus during 2010 and 2011 to pursue solo-projects, the group reconciled in 2012 to record a new album, which was cancelled following their break-up on October 29, 2013.
/m/08pgl8	Unione Sportiva Sassuolo Calcio is an Italian association football club, based in Sassuolo, Emilia-Romagna.\nThey are playing in Serie A in 2013–14 for the first time ever, after being crowned 2012–13 Serie B champions.
/m/08fn5b	Flags of Our Fathers is a 2006 American war film directed, co-produced and scored by Clint Eastwood and written by William Broyles, Jr. and Paul Haggis. It is based on the book of the same name written by James Bradley and Ron Powers about the 1945 Battle of Iwo Jima, the five Marines and one Navy Corpsman who were involved in raising the flag on Iwo Jima, and the aftereffects of that event on their lives.\nThis film is taken from the American viewpoint of the Battle for Iwo Jima, while the sequel, Letters from Iwo Jima, which Eastwood also directed, is from the Japanese viewpoint of the battle. Letters from Iwo Jima was released in Japan on December 9, 2006 and in the United States on December 20, 2006, two months after the release of Flags of Our Fathers on October 20, 2006.\nThe film was produced by Clint Eastwood, Robert Lorenz and Steven Spielberg.
/m/01k0vq	American Pie 2 is a 2001 teen comedy film and sequel to American Pie and is the second film in the American Pie theatrical series. It was written by Adam Herz and David H. Steinberg, and directed by J. B. Rogers. The film picks up the story of the five friends from the first film as they reunite during the summer after their first year of college. It holds true to the idea of piling on risqué scenes one after another. It was released in the United States on August 10, 2001, and grossed over $145 million in the US and $142 million overseas on a budget of $30 million. It was followed by sequels American Wedding and American Reunion.\nThe film tells the story of the five friends - Jim, Chris, Kevin, Paul, and Steven - and their attempts to have the greatest summer party their antics in between. In addition to this, Jim bonds with his prom date Michelle, who is helping him improve his libido and sex appeal for the return of Jim's love interest, Nadia. Much of the film takes place at a summer beach house in Grand Harbor, Michigan, per Kevin's older brother's suggestion.
/m/017_pb	James Arthur Baldwin was an American novelist, essayist, playwright, poet, and social critic.\nBaldwin's essays, such as the collection Notes of a Native Son, explore palpable yet unspoken intricacies of racial, sexual, and class distinctions in Western societies, most notably in mid-20th-century America, and their inevitable if unnameable tensions. Some Baldwin essays are book-length, for instance The Fire Next Time, No Name in the Street, and The Devil Finds Work.\nHis novels and plays fictionalize fundamental personal questions and dilemmas amid complex social and psychological pressures thwarting the equitable integration of not only blacks, but also gay men—depicting as well some internalized impediments to such individuals' quest for acceptance—namely in his second novel, Giovanni's Room, written well before gay equality was widely espoused in America. Baldwin's best-known novel is his first, Go Tell It on the Mountain.
/m/02897w	Willamette University is an American private institution of higher learning located in Salem, Oregon. Founded in 1842, it is the oldest university in the Western United States. Willamette is a member of the Annapolis Group of colleges, and is made up of an undergraduate College of Liberal Arts and post-graduate schools of business, law, and education. The university is a member of the NCAA's Division III Northwest Conference. Willamette's mascot is the bearcat and old gold and cardinal are the school colors. Approximately 2,800 students are enrolled at Willamette between the graduate and undergraduate programs. The school employs over 200 full-time professors on the 69-acre campus located across the street from the Oregon State Capitol.\nOriginally named the Oregon Institute, the school was an unaffiliated outgrowth of the Methodist Mission. The name was changed to Wallamet University in 1852, followed by the current spelling in 1870. Willamette founded the first medical school and law school in the Pacific Northwest in the second half of the 19th century. In the 20th century, the school started a sister school relationship with Tokyo International University and began competing in intercollegiate athletics.
/m/020trj	Miriam \"Mimi\" Rogers is an American film and television actress, producer and competitive poker player. Her notable film roles include Gung Ho, Someone to Watch Over Me, and Desperate Hours. She garnered the greatest acclaim of her career for her role in the religious drama, The Rapture, with critic Robin Wood applauding that she \"gave one of the greatest performances in the history of the Hollywood cinema.\" Rogers has since appeared in Reflections on a Crime, The Mirror Has Two Faces, Austin Powers: International Man of Mystery, Lost in Space, Ginger Snaps, The Door in the Floor, and For a Good Time, Call.... Her extensive work in television includes Paper Dolls, Weapons of Mass Distraction, The Loop, and recurring roles on The X-Files and Two and a Half Men.
/m/070px	Sid James was a South African born English-based actor and comedian.\nAppearing in British films from 1947, he was cast in numerous small and supporting roles into the 1960s. His profile was raised as Tony Hancock's co-star in Hancock's Half Hour, which ran on television from 1956 until 1960, and then he became known as a regular performer in the Carry On films. Meanwhile, his starring roles in television sitcoms continued for the rest of his life.\nRemembered for a lascivious persona, he became known for his amiability in his later television work. Bruce Forsyth described him as \"a natural at being natural.\"
/m/04n7njg	Daniel Kingsley \"Dan\" Povenmire is an American television director, writer, producer, storyboard artist, and actor associated with several animated television series, best known as the co-creator of the Disney animated series Phineas and Ferb in which he also voices the show's villain, Heinz Doofenshmirtz. Povenmire grew up in Mobile, Alabama, where he was a talented art student who spent summers outdoors and making movies. Povenmire attended the University of South Alabama before deciding to pursue a film career and transferring to the University of Southern California School of Cinematic Arts.\nPovenmire has been a long-time contributor to the animation business, working on several different animated television series such as Hey Arnold!, The Simpsons, Rocko's Modern Life and SpongeBob SquarePants. He was a longtime director on the prime time series Family Guy, where he was nominated for an Annie Award in 2005. He left the series to create Phineas and Ferb with Jeff \"Swampy\" Marsh. Povenmire has been nominated for several awards for his work on the show, including a BAFTA, an Annie, and an Emmy Award.
/m/05qsxy	Wisner Washam is an American soap opera writer, best known as the Head Writer of All My Children, from 1981 to 1987.
/m/01f1r4	The University of California, Santa Barbara, is a public research university and one of the 10 general campuses of the University of California system. The main campus is located on a 1,022-acre site near Goleta, California, United States, 8 miles from Santa Barbara and 100 miles northwest of Los Angeles. Tracing its roots back to 1891 as an independent teachers' college, UCSB joined the University of California system in 1944 and is the third-oldest general-education campus in the system.\nUCSB is one of America's Public Ivy universities, which recognizes top public research universities in the United States. The university is a comprehensive doctoral university and is organized into five colleges and schools offering 87 undergraduate degrees and 55 graduate degrees. The campus is the 6th-largest in the UC system by enrollment with 18,977 undergraduate and 2,950 graduate students. UCSB was ranked 41st among \"National Universities\" and 11th among public universities by U.S. News & World Report 's 2014 rankings. The university was also ranked 33rd worldwide by the Times Higher Education World University Rankings and 35th worldwide by the Academic Ranking of World Universities in 2013.
/m/028rk	Dwight David \"Ike\" Eisenhower was the 34th President of the United States from 1953 until 1961. He was a five-star general in the United States Army during World War II and served as Supreme Commander of the Allied Forces in Europe; he had responsibility for planning and supervising the invasion of North Africa in Operation Torch in 1942–43 and the successful invasion of France and Germany in 1944–45 from the Western Front. In 1951, he became the first supreme commander of NATO.\nEisenhower was of Pennsylvania Dutch ancestry and was raised in a large family in Kansas by parents with a strong religious background. He attended and graduated from West Point and later married and had two sons. After World War II, Eisenhower served as Army Chief of Staff under President Harry S. Truman then assumed the post of President at Columbia University.\nEisenhower entered the 1952 presidential race as a Republican to counter the non-interventionism of Senator Robert A. Taft and to crusade against \"Communism, Korea and corruption\". He won by a landslide, defeating Democrat Adlai Stevenson and ending two decades of the New Deal Coalition. In the first year of his presidency, Eisenhower deposed the leader of Iran in the 1953 Iranian coup d'état and used nuclear threats to conclude the Korean War with China. His New Look policy of nuclear deterrence gave priority to inexpensive nuclear weapons while reducing the funding for conventional military forces; the goal was to keep pressure on the Soviet Union and reduce federal deficits. In 1954, Eisenhower first articulated the domino theory in his description of the threat presented by the spread of communism. The Congress agreed to his request in 1955 for the Formosa Resolution, which enabled him to prevent Chinese communist aggression against Chinese nationalists and established the U.S. policy of defending Taiwan. When the Soviets launched Sputnik in 1957, he had to play catch-up in the space race. Eisenhower forced Israel, the UK, and France to end their invasion of Egypt during the Suez Crisis of 1956. In 1958, he sent 15,000 U.S. troops to Lebanon to prevent the pro-Western government from falling to a Nasser-inspired revolution. Near the end of his term, his efforts to set up a summit meeting with the Soviets collapsed because of the U-2 incident. In his 1961 farewell address to the nation, Eisenhower expressed his concerns about future dangers of massive military spending, especially deficit spending, and coined the term \"military–industrial complex\".
/m/09k56b7	Black Swan is a 2010 American psychological thriller/horror film directed by Darren Aronofsky and starring Natalie Portman, Vincent Cassel, and Mila Kunis. The plot revolves around a production of Tchaikovsky's Swan Lake ballet by a prestigious New York City company. The production requires a ballerina to play the innocent and fragile White Swan, for which the committed dancer Nina is a perfect fit, as well as the dark and sensual Black Swan, which are qualities embodied by the new arrival Lily. Nina is overwhelmed by a feeling of immense pressure when she finds herself competing for the part, causing her to lose her tenuous grip on reality and descend into a living nightmare.\nAronofsky conceived the premise by connecting his viewings of a production of Swan Lake with an unrealized screenplay about understudies and the notion of being haunted by a double, similar to the folklore surrounding doppelgängers. Aronofsky cites Fyodor Dostoyevsky's \"The Double\" as another inspiration for the film. The director also considered Black Swan a companion piece to his 2008 film The Wrestler, with both films involving demanding performances for different kinds of art. He and Portman first discussed the project in 2000, and after a brief attachment to Universal Studios, Black Swan was produced in New York City in 2009 by Fox Searchlight Pictures. Portman and Kunis trained in ballet for several months prior to filming, and notable figures from the ballet world helped with film production to shape the ballet presentation.
/m/07f0tw	Waheeda Rehman is an Indian actress who has appeared in mainly Hindi films, as well as Telugu and Tamil language films. She is noted for her contributions to different genres of films from the 1950s, 1960s and early 1970s. She has received a Centenary Award for Indian Film Personality, a Filmfare Lifetime Achievement Award, a National Film Award for Best Actress and two Filmfare Awards for Best Actress, throughout her career.\nRehman was born into a Muslim family in Chengalpattu, Madras Province, British India. She was in her teens when her father had died. Her dream was to become a doctor but, due to her family circumstances and her mother illness, she abandoned her goal. In order, to help her family, she hit the silver screen with Telugu films, Jayasimha, followed by Rojulu Marayi and a Tamil film Kaalam Maari Pochu. It is in Vijaya-Suresh's Ram aur Shyam in 1967 that she acted again under the direction of the topnotch Telugu director Tapi Chanakya who incidentally directed her movies Rojulu Maaraayi in Telugu and Kaalam Maaripochu in Tamil.\nHer first initial appearance in a Hindi film was in C.I.D. for which she won the Filmfare Award for Best Actress. Later, she was seen in a series of successful films including Pyaasa, 12 O'Clock, Kaagaz Ke Phool, Sahib Bibi Aur Ghulam, Chaudhvin Ka Chand. Her other notable works include Solva Saal, Baat Ek Raat Ki, Kohra, Bees Sal Baad, Guide, Teesri Kasam, Mujhe Jeene Do, Neel Kamal and Khamoshi.
/m/0mpbj	Augusta County is a county located in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 73,750. Its county seat is Staunton, although most of the administrative services have offices in neighboring Verona.\nAugusta County is part of the Staunton–Waynesboro Micropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/021bk	Christopher Haden-Guest, 5th Baron Haden-Guest, better known as Christopher Guest, is an English-American screenwriter, composer, musician, director, actor, and comedian who holds dual British and American citizenship. He is most widely known in Hollywood for having written, directed and starred in several improvisational \"mockumentary\" films featuring an ensemble cast. This series of films began with This Is Spinal Tap, and continued with Waiting for Guffman, Best In Show, A Mighty Wind, and For Your Consideration. Guest also had a featured role as the evil six-fingered Count Rugen in the film The Princess Bride.\nHe holds a hereditary British peerage as the 5th Baron Haden-Guest, and has publicly expressed a desire to see the House of Lords reformed as a democratically elected chamber. Though he was initially active in the Lords, his career there was cut short by the House of Lords Act 1999. When using his title, he is normally styled as Lord Haden-Guest. Guest is married to the actress and author Jamie Lee Curtis.
/m/0b_6s7	The 1991 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament involved 64 schools playing in single-elimination play to determine the national champion of men's NCAA Division I college basketball. It began on March 14, 1991, and ended with the championship game on April 1 in Indianapolis, Indiana. A total of 63 games were played.\nDuke, coached by Mike Krzyzewski, won a rematch of the previous year's national final matchup against undefeated UNLV 79-77 in the semifinal, then won the national title with a 72–65 victory in the final game over Kansas, coached by Roy Williams. This was the first National Championship game for Williams as a head coach. Kansas defeated Williams' mentor Dean Smith and North Carolina in the semifinal. Kansas made its first trip to the National Championship game since 1988 when they defeated Oklahoma, making it their second trip to the Championship game in four seasons. Christian Laettner of Duke was named the tournament's Most Outstanding Player.\nThis tournament adopted the NBA's 10ths-second timer during the final minute of each period in all arenas.
/m/08c7cz	Friedrich Hollaender was a German film composer and author.
/m/0mwh1	Northampton County is a county located in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2010 census, the population was 297,735. Its county seat is Easton. It was formed in 1752 from parts of Bucks County. Its namesake was Northamptonshire and the country house, Easton Neston.\nNorthampton County is located in Pennsylvania's Lehigh Valley. Its northern edge borders The Poconos. The eastern section of the county borders the Delaware River, which divides Pennsylvania and New Jersey. It is bordered on the west by Lehigh County, Pennsylvania, the Lehigh Valley's more highly populated county. It is included in the New York City Metropolitan Area.\nThe county is industrially-oriented, producing anthracite coal, cement, and other industrial products. Bethlehem Steel, once one of the world's largest manufacturers of steel, was located there prior to its closing in 2003.
/m/01c83m	Colonel, abbreviated Col, is a military rank of a senior commissioned officer. It or a corresponding rank exists in most armies and in many air forces; the naval equivalent rank is generally captain. In air forces with a separate rank structure, the equivalent rank is generally group captain. It is also used in some police forces and other paramilitary rank structures. A colonel was typically in charge of a regiment in an army, especially in Great Britain; but typically as of 2012 a colonel is the commander of a brigade or regiment in the U.S. Army or Marine Corps, and of a wing in the US Air Force.\n'Colonel' is usually the highest or second-highest field rank, and is below the general ranks. In some militaries such as Iceland and the Vatican, no 'general' ranks exist and colonel is the highest-ranking military officer.
/m/023znp	Emerson College is a private coeducational university located in Boston, Massachusetts. Founded in 1880 by Charles Wesley Emerson as a \"school of oratory,\" Emerson is \"the only comprehensive college or university in America dedicated exclusively to communication and the arts in a liberal arts context.\" Offering over three dozen degree programs in the area of Arts and Communication, the college is accredited by the New England Association of Schools and Colleges. Located in Boston's Washington Street Theatre District on the edge of the Boston Common, the school also maintains buildings in Los Angeles and the town of Well, The Netherlands.\nEmerson College has been named the winner of the Environmental Protection Agency’s College and University Green Power Challenge for the Great Northeast Athletic Conference for 2012-13.
/m/01smm	Columbus is the capital of and the largest city in the U.S. state of Ohio. The Columbus Metropolitan Statistical Area, which encompasses several counties, is the third largest in Ohio, after the Cleveland MSA and the Cincinnati MSA. Columbus is the fifteenth largest city in the United States of America. It is the county seat of Franklin County,. The city has also expanded and annexed portions of adjoining Delaware County and Fairfield County. Named for explorer Christopher Columbus, the city was founded in 1812 at the confluence of the Scioto and Olentangy rivers, and assumed the functions of state capital in 1816.\nThe population of the city was 787,033 at the 2010 census, making it the most populous city in Ohio. Although Columbus was the 15th largest city in the United States, its metropolitan area was 28th largest, with 2,308,509 residents. It is the fourth most populous state capital in the United States. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the Columbus Combined Statistical Area has a population of 2,348,495.\nThe city has a diverse economy based on education, government, insurance, banking, fashion, defense, aviation, food, clothes, logistics, steel, energy, medical research, health care, hospitality, retail, and technology. Columbus is home to the Battelle Memorial Institute, the world's largest private research and development foundation.; Chemical Abstracts Service, the world's largest clearinghouse of chemical information; NetJets, the world's largest fractional ownership jet aircraft fleet; and Ohio State University, one of the largest universities in the United States. As of 2013, the city has the headquarters of four corporations in the U.S. Fortune 500, including Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company, American Electric Power, L Brands, and Big Lots; Cardinal Health and Wendy's corporations are also based in the Columbus metropolitan area.
/m/0mpbx	Arlington County is a county and census-designated place in the Commonwealth of Virginia. The land that became Arlington was originally donated by Virginia to the United States government to form part of the new Federal capital district. On February 27, 1801, a year after moving from the temporary National Capital at Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, occupying the Federal City in the District of Columbia, the United States Congress organized the area as a subdivision of the District of Columbia named \"Alexandria County\". In 1846, Congress returned the land southwest of the Potomac River, donated by the Commonwealth of Virginia due to issues involving Congressional representation and the abolition of slavery. The General Assembly of Virginia changed the county's name to Arlington in 1920 to avoid confusion with the adjacent City of Alexandria. Arlington County shares with a portion of the independent City of Alexandria the distinction of being once in Virginia, then ceded to the U.S. government to form the District of Columbia, and later retroceded to Virginia.\nThe county is situated in Northern Virginia on the south bank of the Potomac River directly across from Washington, D.C. Arlington is also bordered by Fairfax County and the City of Falls Church to the northwest, west and southwest, and the City of Alexandria to the southeast. With a land area of 26 square miles, Arlington is among the geographically smallest self-governing counties in the United States, and due to state law regarding population density, has no other incorporated towns within its borders. Given these unique characteristics, for statistical purposes the County is included as a central city of the Washington-Arlington-Alexandria MSA by the United States Census Bureau. As of the 2010 census, the population was 207,627. in 2013, the population was estimated to be 227,146, It would be the fourth-largest city in the state if it were incorporated as such.
/m/06zn2v2	Don't Be Afraid of the Dark is a 2011 American dark fantasy horror film written by Matthew Robbins and Guillermo del Toro, directed by comic book artist Troy Nixey and filmed at the Drusilla Mansion in Mount Macedon, Victoria and Melbourne, Australia. The film stars Katie Holmes, Guy Pearce, and Bailee Madison, as a family moving into a 19th-century Rhode Island mansion, where the withdrawn daughter begins to witness malevolent creatures that emerge from a sealed ash pit in the basement of the house. It is a remake of the 1973 ABC made-for-television horror film of the same name that starred Kim Darby.
/m/01kff7	Wild Wild West is a 1999 American steampunk western action-comedy film directed by Barry Sonnenfeld. A big-screen adaptation of the 1965–1969 TV series The Wild Wild West, it stars Will Smith, Kevin Kline, Kenneth Branagh and Salma Hayek.\nSimilar to the series, the film features a large amount of gadgetry. It serves as a parody, however, as the gadgetry is more highly advanced, implausible steampunk technology and bizarre mechanical inventions, including innumerable inventions of the mechanological geniuses Artemus Gordon and Dr. Loveless, such as nitroglycerine-powered penny-farthing bicycles, spring-loaded notebooks, bulletproof chain mail, flying machines, steam tanks, and Loveless's giant mechanical spider.\nWhile popular, Wild Wild West did not live up to its creators' blockbuster expectations, as had Men in Black two years earlier: more than a few viewers and critics felt it repeated things done already in Men in Black. It received many negative reviews despite being a commercial success.
/m/0n0bp	Judgment at Nuremberg is a 1961 American drama film dealing with the Holocaust, with non-combatant war crimes against a civilian population, and with the post-World War II geo-political complexity of the Nuremberg Trials. The picture was written by Abby Mann and directed by Stanley Kramer, and stars Spencer Tracy, Burt Lancaster, Richard Widmark, Maximilian Schell, Werner Klemperer, Marlene Dietrich, Judy Garland, William Shatner, and Montgomery Clift. An earlier version of the story was broadcast as a television episode of Playhouse 90. Schell and Klemperer played the same roles in this version as well.\nWhile the war time persecution and genocide of European Jews is shown and discussed, the incidents and events of the film's plot largely relate to the social; political; and legal foundations; as well as the alleged legitimacy of the actions committed by the German state; against its own racial; social; religious; and eugenic groupings within its borders; “…in the name of the law…”, that began with Hitler's rise to power in 1933.
/m/03hzl42	Noah George Taylor is an English-born Australian actor and musician.
/m/036gdw	Olivia Jane d'Abo is an English-American actress and singer-songwriter, best known for portraying the rebellious teenage sister Karen Arnold in The Wonder Years and recurring villain Nicole Wallace in Law & Order: Criminal Intent.
/m/01z452	Being John Malkovich is a 1999 American fantasy comedy-drama film, written by Charlie Kaufman and directed by Spike Jonze. It stars John Cusack, Cameron Diaz, and Catherine Keener, with John Malkovich playing a fictional version of himself. In the film, Cusack plays Craig Schwartz, a puppeteer who finds a portal that leads into Malkovich's mind.\nThe film was nominated in the 72nd Academy Awards in three categories: Best Director for Jonze, Best Original Screenplay for Kaufman and Best Supporting Actress for Keener.
/m/045346	The Bahrain national football team is the national team of the Kingdom of Bahrain and is controlled by the Bahrain Football Association; it was founded in 1951 and joined FIFA in 1966. They have never reached the finals of the World Cup, but have twice come within one match of doing so. Bahrain won the FIFA's most improved team award in 2004, and finished fourth in the 2004 Asian Cup, beating Uzbekistan in the quarter-finals but losing to Japan in the semi-finals 4–3. Bahrain then lost to Iran in the third-place match, thus finishing in fourth place overall.
/m/01g4bk	Takeshi Kitano is a Japanese film director, comedian, singer, actor, film editor, presenter, screenwriter, author, poet, painter, and one-time video game designer who has received critical acclaim, both in his native Japan and abroad, for his idiosyncratic cinematic work. Japanese film critic Nagaharu Yodogawa once dubbed him \"the true successor\" to the influential filmmaker Akira Kurosawa. With the exception of his works as a film director, he is known almost exclusively by the name Beat Takeshi. Since April 2005, he has been a professor at the Graduate School of Visual Arts, Tokyo University of the Arts. Kitano owns his own talent agency and production company, Office Kitano, which launched Tokyo Filmex in 2000.\nSome of Kitano's earlier films are dramas about Yakuza gangsters or the police. Described by critics as using an acting style that is highly deadpan or a camera style that approaches near-stasis, Kitano often uses long takes where little appears to be happening, or editing that cuts immediately to the aftermath of an event. Many of his films express a bleak or nihilistic philosophy, but they are also filled with humor and affection for their characters. Kitano's films leave paradoxical impressions and can seem controversial. The Japanese public knows him primarily as a TV host and comedian. He hosts a weekly television program called Beat Takeshi's TV Tackle, a kind of panel discussion among entertainers and politicians regarding controversial current events.
/m/0kj0	An abugida, also called an alphasyllabary, is a segmental writing system in which consonant–vowel sequences are written as a unit: each unit is based on a consonant letter, and vowel notation is secondary. This contrasts with a full alphabet, in which vowels have status equal to consonants, and with an abjad, in which vowel marking is absent or optional. Abugidas include the extensive Brahmic family of scripts of South and Southeast Asia.\nAbugida as a term in linguistics was proposed by Peter T. Daniels in his 1990 typology of writing systems. ’Abugida is an Ethiopian name for the Ge‘ez script, taken from four letters of that script, ’ä bu gi da, in much the same way that abecedary is derived from Latin a be ce de, and alphabet is derived from the names of the two first letters in the Greek alphabet, alpha and beta. As Daniels used the word, an abugida is in contrast with a syllabary, where letters with shared consonants or vowels show no particular resemblance to one another, and also with an alphabet proper, where independent letters are used to denote both consonants and vowels. The term alphasyllabary was suggested for the Indic scripts in 1997 by William Bright, following South Asian linguistic usage, to convey the idea that \"they share features of both alphabet and syllabary\".
/m/08_438	Ian McNeice is an English actor and voice actor. He found fame portraying government agent Harcourt in the 1985 television miniseries Edge of Darkness, and went on to feature in popular films such as The Englishman Who Went Up a Hill But Came Down a Mountain, Ace Ventura: When Nature Calls, and Frank Herbert's Dune. He played Bert Large in the comedy drama series Doc Martin, and The Newsreader in historical drama Rome.
/m/0jrg	Alexander III of Macedon, commonly known as Alexander the Great, was a king of the Greek kingdom of Macedon. Born in Pella in 356 BC, Alexander succeeded his father, Philip II to the throne at the age of twenty. He spent most of his ruling years on an unprecedented military campaign through Asia and northeast Africa, until by the age of thirty he had created one of the largest empires of the ancient world, stretching from Greece to Egypt and into present-day Pakistan. He was undefeated in battle and is considered one of history's most successful commanders.\nDuring his youth, Alexander was tutored by the philosopher Aristotle until the age of 16. When he succeeded his father to the throne in 336 BC, after Philip was assassinated, Alexander inherited a strong kingdom and an experienced army. He had been awarded the generalship of Greece and used this authority to launch his father's military expansion plans. In 334 BC, he invaded the Achaemenid empire, ruled Asia Minor, and began a series of campaigns that lasted ten years. Alexander broke the power of Persia in a series of decisive battles, most notably the battles of Issus and Gaugamela. He subsequently overthrew the Persian King Darius III and conquered the entirety of the Persian Empire. At that point, his empire stretched from the Adriatic Sea to the Indus River.
/m/0clfdj	The 7th Critics' Choice Awards, honoring the best filmmaking of 2001, were given on 11 January 2002.
/m/02l0xc	Don Ameche was an American actor with a career spanning almost sixty years.\nAfter touring in vaudeville, he featured in many biographical films, including The Story of Alexander Graham Bell. He continued to appear on Broadway, as well as on radio and TV, where he was host and commentator for International Showtime, covering circus and ice-shows all over Europe. Ameche remained married to his wife Honore for fifty-four years, and they had six children.
/m/02dwn9	In baseball or softball, a starting pitcher or starter is the first pitcher in the game for each team. A pitcher is credited with a game started if they throw the first pitch to the opponent's first batter of a game. A pitcher who enters the game after the first pitch of the game is a relief pitcher. Starting pitchers are expected to pitch for a significant portion of the game, although whether they do can depend on many factors, including effectiveness, stamina, health, and strategic reasons.\nA starting pitcher in professional baseball usually rests three or four days after pitching a game before pitching another. Therefore, most professional baseball teams have four or five starting pitchers on their rosters. These pitchers, and the sequence in which they pitch, is known as the rotation. In modern baseball, a five-man rotation is most common.
/m/0dt5k	Gwynedd is an area in north-west Wales, named after the old Kingdom of Gwynedd. As a local government area it is the second biggest in terms of geographical area and also one of the most sparsely populated. A large proportion of the population is Welsh-speaking. The name Gwynedd is also used for a preserved county, covering the two local government areas of Gwynedd and the Isle of Anglesey. Culturally and historically, the name can also be used for most of North Wales, corresponding to the approximate territory of the Kingdom of Gwynedd at its greatest extent. The current area is 2,548 square km.\nGwynedd is the home of Bangor University and includes the scenic Llŷn Peninsula, and most of Snowdonia National Park.
/m/04smkr	Erika Jane Christensen is an American actress whose film appearances include Traffic, Swimfan, The Perfect Score and How to Rob a Bank, among others. She also co-starred in the short-lived drama Six Degrees on ABC. She is currently co-starring in the 2010 television series Parenthood as Julia Braverman-Graham.
/m/04rg6	Mack Sennett was a Canadian-born American director and actor and was known as the innovator of slapstick comedy in film. During his lifetime he was known at times as the \"King of Comedy\". His short Wrestling Swordfish was awarded the Academy Award for Best Live Action Short Film in 1932 and he earned an Academy Honorary Award in 1937.
/m/058frd	Bruce Cohen is a film, television, and theater producer. He began his film career as the Directors Guild of America trainee on Steven Spielberg's The Color Purple, and went on to serve as associate producer and first assistant director on Spielberg's Hook. Cohen won the Best Picture Oscar for producing American Beauty. He earned additional Best Picture nominations for Milk and Silver Linings Playbook. American Beauty, directed by Sam Mendes, won a total of five Oscars, as well as the Golden Globe, British Academy of Film and Television, and Producers Guild of America awards. Milk, directed by Gus Van Sant, was nominated for eight Academy Awards and won Oscars for Best Actor and Best Original Screenplay, as well as the PGA's Stanley Kramer Award. Silver Linings Playbook, written and directed by David O. Russell, was nominated for eight Oscars. It was the first film in 31 years to be nominated in all four acting categories, and Jennifer Lawrence won the Oscar in the Best Actress category.\nAmong the other films Cohen has produced is Big Fish, directed by Tim Burton, which was both a Golden Globe and BAFTA nominee for Best Picture. He is currently a lead producer of the stage musical version of Big Fish, now on Broadway at the Neil Simon Theatre, with direction and choreography by five-time Tony winner Susan Stroman.
/m/06myp	Sigmund Freud was an Austrian neurologist who became known as the founding father of psychoanalysis.\nFreud qualified as a doctor of medicine at the University of Vienna in 1881, and then carried out research into cerebral palsy, aphasia and microscopic neuroanatomy at the Vienna General Hospital. He was appointed a university lecturer in neuropathology in 1885 and became a professor in 1902.\nIn creating psychoanalysis, a clinical method for treating psychopathology through dialogue between a patient and a psychoanalyst, Freud developed therapeutic techniques such as the use of free association and discovered transference, establishing its central role in the analytic process. Freud’s redefinition of sexuality to include its infantile forms led him to formulate the Oedipus complex as the central tenet of psychoanalytical theory. His analysis of his own and his patients' dreams as wish-fulfillments provided him with models for the clinical analysis of symptom formation and the mechanisms of repression as well as for elaboration of his theory of the unconscious as an agency disruptive of conscious states of mind. Freud postulated the existence of libido, an energy with which mental processes and structures are invested and which generates erotic attachments, and a death drive, the source of repetition, hate, aggression and neurotic guilt. In his later work Freud drew on psychoanalytic theory to develop a wide-ranging interpretation and critique of religion and culture.
/m/01p87y	John Richard Schlesinger, CBE was an English film and stage director and actor. He won an Academy Award for Best Director for Midnight Cowboy, and was nominated for two other films.
/m/011yth	The Insider is a 1999 American drama film directed by Michael Mann based on the true story of a 60 Minutes segment about tobacco industry whistleblower Jeffrey Wigand. The 60 Minutes story originally aired in November 1995 in an altered form because of objections by CBS' then-owner, Laurence Tisch, who also controlled the Lorillard Tobacco Company. The story was later aired on February 4, 1996.\nProduced by Touchstone Pictures, the film stars Al Pacino and Russell Crowe, with Christopher Plummer, Bruce McGill, Diane Venora, Michael Gambon, Philip Baker Hall, Lindsay Crouse, Gina Gershon, Debi Mazar, and Colm Feore in supporting roles.\nThe script was adapted by Eric Roth and Mann from Marie Brenner's Vanity Fair article \"The Man Who Knew Too Much\".\nIt was nominated for seven Academy Awards: Best Picture, Best Actor in a Leading Role, Best Cinematography, Best Director, Best Editing, Best Sound and Best Writing, Screenplay Based on Material Previously Produced or Published.
/m/0d_23	A natural satellite, or moon, is a celestial body that orbits another body, e.g. a planet, which is called its primary. There are 173 known natural satellites orbiting planets in the Solar System, as well as at least eight orbiting IAU-listed dwarf planets. As of January 2012, over 200 minor-planet moons have been discovered. There are 76 known objects in the asteroid belt with satellites, four Jupiter trojans, 39 near-Earth objects, and 14 Mars-crossers. There are also 84 known natural satellites of trans-Neptunian objects. Some 150 additional small bodies have been observed within rings of Saturn, but only a few were tracked long enough to establish orbits. Planets around other stars are likely to have satellites as well, though numerous candidates have been detected to date, none have yet been confirmed.\nOf the inner planets, Mercury and Venus have no natural satellites; Earth has one large natural satellite, known as the Moon; and Mars has two tiny natural satellites, Phobos and Deimos. The large gas giants have extensive systems of natural satellites, including half a dozen comparable in size to Earth's Moon: the four Galilean moons, Saturn's Titan, and Neptune's Triton. Saturn has an additional six mid-sized natural satellites massive enough to have achieved hydrostatic equilibrium, and Uranus has five. It has been suggested that some satellites may potentially harbour life, though there is currently no direct evidence of life.
/m/0738b8	David Cross is an American actor, writer and stand-up comedian known primarily for his standup work, the HBO sketch comedy series Mr. Show, and his role as Tobias Fünke in the sitcom Arrested Development. Cross created, wrote, executive produced, and starred in The Increasingly Poor Decisions of Todd Margaret; developed and had a prominent role in the Comedy Central animated sitcom Freak Show; and has a recurring role in the ABC sitcom Modern Family.
/m/025tn92	The 2008 NBA Draft was held on June 26, 2008 at the Washington Mutual Theatre at Madison Square Garden in New York City, New York. In this draft, National Basketball Association teams took turns selecting amateur college basketball players and other first-time eligible players, including international players from non-North American professional leagues. According to the NBA, 44 players, 39 collegiate players and five international players, filed as early-entry candidates for the 2008 NBA Draft. These numbers do not include players who are automatically eligible for the draft. The Chicago Bulls, who had a 1.7 percent probability of obtaining the first selection, won the NBA Draft Lottery on May 22. The Bulls' winning of the lottery was the second-largest upset in NBA Draft Lottery history behind the Orlando Magic, who won it in 1993 with just a 1.5% chance. The Miami Heat and the Minnesota Timberwolves obtained the second and third picks respectively.\nFor the first time in draft history the first three draft picks were all freshmen. The Chicago Bulls used the first overall pick to draft Chicago native Derrick Rose from the University of Memphis, who later went on to win the NBA Rookie of the Year Award, making him the first player to be drafted first overall and to win Rookie of the Year since LeBron James in 2003. The Miami Heat used the second pick to draft Michael Beasley from Kansas State University, and the Minnesota Timberwolves used the third pick to draft O. J. Mayo from University of Southern California. With five players taken in the draft, the University of Kansas tied University of Connecticut and University of Florida for the record with the most players selected in the first two rounds of an NBA draft. Another record was set when twelve freshmen were drafted, ten of whom were drafted in the first round. Of the players drafted, 29 are forwards, 19 are guards, and 12 are centers.
/m/0xhtw	Hard rock is a loosely defined subgenre of rock music which has its earliest roots in mid-1960s garage rock, blues rock and psychedelic rock. It is typified by a heavy use of aggressive vocals, distorted electric guitars, bass guitar, drums, and often accompanied with pianos and keyboards.\nHard rock developed into a major form of popular music in the 1970s, with bands such as Led Zeppelin, The Who, Deep Purple, Aerosmith and AC/DC, and reached a commercial peak in the 1980s. The glam metal of bands like Van Halen, Bon Jovi and Def Leppard and the rawer sounds of Guns N' Roses followed up with great success in the later part of that decade, before losing popularity with the commercial success of grunge and later Britpop in the 1990s. Despite this, many post-grunge bands adopted a hard rock sound and in the 2000s there came a renewed interest in established bands, attempts at a revival, and new hard rock bands that emerged from the garage rock and post-punk revival scenes.
/m/02ndy4	A League of Their Own is a 1992 American comedy-drama film that tells a fictionalized account of the real-life All-American Girls Professional Baseball League. Directed by Penny Marshall, the film stars Tom Hanks, Geena Davis, Rosie O'Donnell, and Madonna. The screenplay was written by Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel from a story by Kelly Candaele and Kim Wilson.\nIn 2012, A League of Their Own was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant\".
/m/01l3j	Béla Ferenc Dezső Blaskó, better known as Bela Lugosi, was a Hungarian-American actor, famous for portraying Count Dracula in the original 1931 film and for his roles in various other horror films.\nHe had been playing small parts on the stage in his native Hungary before making his first film in 1917, but had to leave the country after the failed Hungarian Revolution. He had roles in several films in Weimar Germany before arriving in America as a seaman on a merchant ship.\nIn 1927, he appeared as Count Dracula in a Broadway adaptation of Bram Stoker's novel, where he was talent-spotted as a character actor for the new Hollywood talkies. He would appear in the classic 1931 Dracula talkie by Universal Pictures.\nThrough the 1930s, he occupied an important niche in popular horror films, with their East European setting, but his Hungarian accent limited his repertoire, and he tried unsuccessfully to avoid typecasting. Meanwhile, he was often paired with Boris Karloff, who was able to demand top billing. To his frustration, Lugosi was increasingly restricted to minor parts, kept employed by the studio principally for the sake of his name on the posters. Among his pairings with Karloff, only in The Black Cat, The Raven, and Son of Frankenstein did he perform major roles again, although even in The Raven Karloff received top billing despite Lugosi performing the lead role.
/m/0bzm__	The 56th Academy Awards were presented April 9, 1984 at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion, Los Angeles. The ceremonies were presided over by Johnny Carson.\nThe Best Supporting Actress winner this year was unique. 4' 9\" Linda Hunt won the award for her role as Billy Kwan - a male Chinese-Australian photographer - in Peter Weir's The Year of Living Dangerously, making her the first actor to win an Oscar for playing a character of the opposite sex.\nGordon Willis, a respected cinematographer most famous for his un-nominated work on The Godfather, The Godfather: Part II, and Woody Allen's Manhattan, received his first Best Cinematography nomination for Zelig.\nJoe I. Tompkins becomes the first African-American to be nominated in Best Costume Design.\nThis ceremony ended with Sammy Davis Jr. and Liza Minnelli leading the crowd in \"There's No Business Like Show Business\" in tribute to Ethel Merman, who had died a month and a half before this Oscar ceremony. The performance occurred over the closing credits to the broadcast.
/m/02r99xw	Siddique is a Malayalam film actor, producer, and television compere. He started his film career doing comedy roles and later performed in a variety of roles.
/m/034_cr	Turun Palloseura, TPS for short and nicknamed Tepsi is a Finnish football club based in Turku. The club was founded in 1922. TPS currently play in the Veikkausliiga, the highest level of Finnish football. They play their home matches at the 9,372 seater Veritas Stadion, Turku.
/m/01r2c7	Chris Joseph Columbus is an American film director, producer and screenwriter. Columbus is known for such movies as Gremlins, The Goonies, Mrs. Doubtfire, Home Alone and for the debut of the Harry Potter movie franchise. Columbus directed the first two films in that franchise and produced the third in the series of eight. Home Alone received a British Comedy Award for Best Comedy Film. He received an Academy Award nomination for his film The Help.
/m/01gtdd	The Twenty-eighth United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, consisting of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, D.C. from March 4, 1843 to March 4, 1845, during the third and fourth years of John Tyler's presidency. The apportionment of seats in this House of Representatives was based on the Sixth Census of the United States in 1840. The Senate had a Whig majority, and the House had a Democratic majority.
/m/03gk2	The Holy Roman Empire was a multi-ethnic complex of territories in central Europe that developed during the middle ages and continued until its dissolution in 1806. The core and largest territory of the empire was the Kingdom of Germany, though it included at times the Kingdom of Italy, the Kingdom of Bohemia, and the Kingdom of Burgundy, as well as numerous other territories.\nThe empire grew out of East Francia, a primary division of the Frankish Empire. Pope Leo III crowned Frankish king Charlemagne as emperor in 800, restoring the title in the West after more than three centuries. After Charlemagne died, the title passed in a desultory manner during the decline and fragmentation of the Carolingian dynasty, eventually falling into abeyance. The title was revived in 962 when Otto I was crowned emperor, fashioning himself as the successor of Charlemagne and beginning a continuous existence of the empire for over eight centuries. Some historians refer to the coronation of Charlemagne as the origin of the empire, while others prefer the coronation of Otto I as its beginning. Scholars generally concur, however, in relating an evolution of the institutions and principles comprising the empire, describing a gradual assumption of the imperial title and role.
/m/0gh8zks	Shame is a 2011 British drama film cowritten and directed by Steve McQueen, starring Michael Fassbender and Carey Mulligan. It was coproduced by Film4 and See-Saw Films. The film's explicit sexual scenes regarding sexual addiction resulted in it being rated NC-17 in the United States, where it opened on December 2, 2011 in limited release. Shame was released in the United Kingdom on 13 January 2012. The film grossed $17,000,000 by the end of its world-wide theatrical run, including nearly $4,000,000 in the United States.
/m/059ss	Newfoundland, is a large Canadian island off the east coast of the North American mainland, and the most populous part of the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador. The province's official name was also \"Newfoundland\" until 2001, when its name was changed to \"Newfoundland and Labrador\".\nThe island of Newfoundland was visited by the Icelandic Viking Leif Eriksson in the 11th century, who called the new land \"Vinland\". The next European visitors to Newfoundland were Portuguese, Spanish, French and English migratory fishermen. The island was visited by the Italian John Cabot, working under contract to King Henry VII of England on his expedition from Bristol in 1497. In 1501, Portuguese explorers Gaspar Corte-Real and his brother Miguel Corte-Real charted part of the coast of Newfoundland in a failed attempt to find the Northwest Passage.
/m/0dl6fv	David Copperfield is a two-part BBC television drama adaptation of Charles Dickens' novel David Copperfield, adapted by Adrian Hodges. The first part was shown on Christmas Day and the second on Boxing Day in 1999. The production is notable for being the first screen work of actor Daniel Radcliffe, who would later achieve fame as the star of the Harry Potter films, where he would collaborate with his David Copperfield co-stars Maggie Smith, Zoë Wanamaker, Imelda Staunton, Dawn French and Paul Whitehouse.
/m/08984j	Rocky Balboa is the sixth installment in the Rocky franchise, written, directed by, and starring Sylvester Stallone who reprises his role as the title character. The sixth film in the Rocky series that began with the Academy Award-winning Rocky thirty years earlier in 1976, the film portrays Balboa in retirement, a widower living in Philadelphia, and the owner and operator of a local Italian restaurant called \"Adrian's\", named after his late wife.\nRocky Balboa was produced as another sequel to the Academy Award-winning Rocky. According to Stallone, he was \"negligent\" in the production of Rocky V, leaving him and many of the fans disappointed with the presumed end of the series. Stallone also mentioned that the storyline of Rocky Balboa parallels his own struggles and triumphs in recent times.\nIn addition to Stallone, the film stars Burt Young as Paulie, Rocky's brother-in-law, and real-life boxer Antonio Tarver as Mason \"The Line\" Dixon, the current World Heavyweight Champion in the film. Boxing promoter Lou DiBella plays himself in the movie and acts as Dixon's promoter in the film. Milo Ventimiglia plays Rocky's son Robert, now an adult. It also features the return of two minor characters from the original movie into larger roles in this film: Marie, the young woman that Rocky attempts to steer away from trouble; and Spider Rico, the first opponent that Rocky is shown fighting in the original film. The film also holds many references to people and objects from previous instalments in the series, especially the first.
/m/0fvyg	Raleigh is the capital of the state of North Carolina as well as the seat of Wake County. Raleigh is known as the \"City of Oaks\" for its many oak trees, which line the streets in the heart of the city. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the city's 2012 estimated population was 423,179, over an area of 142.8 square miles, making Raleigh currently the 42nd most populous city in the United States. It is also one of the fastest-growing cities in the country. The city of Raleigh is named after Sir Walter Raleigh, who established the lost Roanoke Colony on Roanoke Island in present-day Dare County, North Carolina.\nRaleigh is home to North Carolina State University and is part of the Research Triangle area, together with Durham and Chapel Hill. The \"Triangle\" nickname originated after the 1959 creation of the Research Triangle Park, located in Durham County partway between the three cities and their universities. The Research Triangle region encompasses the U.S. Census Bureau's Raleigh-Durham-Chapel Hill Combined Statistical Area, which had an estimated population of 1,998,808 in 2012. The Raleigh Metropolitan Statistical Area had an estimated population of 1,188,564 in 2012.
/m/0fvyz	Bismarck is the capital of the U.S. state of North Dakota and the county seat of Burleigh County. It is the second most populous city in North Dakota after Fargo. The city's population was 61,272 at the 2010 census, while its metropolitan population was 120,060. Bismarck was founded in 1872 and has been North Dakota's capital city since the State was created from Dakota Territory and admitted to the Union in 1889.\nBismarck is on the east bank of the Missouri River, directly across the river from Mandan. The two cities make up the core of the Bismarck-Mandan Metropolitan Statistical Area.\nThe North Dakota State Capitol, the tallest building in the state, is in central Bismarck. The state government employs more than 4,000 in the city. As a hub of retail and health care, Bismarck is the economic center of south-central North Dakota and north-central South Dakota.
/m/016lj_	Sepultura is a Brazilian heavy metal band from Belo Horizonte. Formed in 1984 by brothers Max and Igor Cavalera, the band was a major force in the death metal and thrash metal genres during the late 1980s and early 1990s, with their later experiments drawing influence from nu metal, hardcore punk and industrial metal. Sepultura has had several changes in its lineup since its formation, with the band's founders, lead singer Max Cavalera and drummer Igor Cavalera, leaving the group in 1996 and 2006, respectively. Sepultura's current line up consists of vocalist Derrick Green, guitarist Andreas Kisser, bassist Paulo Jr. and drummer Eloy Casagrande.\nSepultura has released 13 studio albums so far, the latest being The Mediator Between Head and Hands Must Be the Heart. Their most successful records are Arise, Chaos A.D., and Roots. Sepultura has sold over 3 million units in the USA and almost 20 million worldwide, gaining multiple gold and platinum records across the globe, including in countries as diverse as France, Australia, Indonesia, United States, Cyprus and their native Brazil.
/m/01xbp7	Kaizer Chiefs Football Club is a South African football club based in Johannesburg that plays in the Premier Soccer League.\nThe team is nicknamed Amakhosi which means \"lords\" or \"chiefs\" in Zulu and Phefeni Glamour Boys. They currently play most of their home games at Soccer City in Nasrec, Soweto, which is commonly also referred to as the FNB Stadium. The club is unarguably the biggest football club in the country in terms of success. It is also the most supported club in South Africa and the neighbouring countries of Botswana, Zimbabwe, Zambia etc. It has been estimated that the club has over 16 million supporters.\nThey have a local rivalry with Orlando Pirates, a fellow Soweto team which Chiefs founder Kaizer Motaung played for in his early playing career.\nFamous players who donned the black and gold jersey in the past include former national team captains Neil \"Mokoko\" Tovey, Lucas \"Rhoo\" Radebe and also Patrick \"Ace\" Ntsoelengoe and Doctor \"16V\" Khumalo.\nChiefs were banned by the Confederation of African Football from competing in African club competitions until 2009 after their abrupt withdrawal from the 2005 CAF Confederation Cup. This was the second time in four years that Chiefs had been penalized by CAF for refusal to participate in a scheduled CAF competition.
/m/01w724	William Everett \"Billy\" Preston was an American musician whose work included R&B, rock, soul, funk and gospel. Preston became famous first as a session musician with artists including Little Richard, Sam Cooke, Ray Charles and the Beatles, and was later successful as a solo artist with hit pop singles including \"Outa-Space\", its sequel, \"Space Race\", \"Will It Go Round in Circles\" and \"Nothing from Nothing\", and a string of albums and guest appearances with Eric Clapton, the Red Hot Chili Peppers and others. In addition, Preston was co-author, with The Beach Boys' Dennis Wilson, of \"You Are So Beautiful,\" recorded by Preston and later a #5 hit for Joe Cocker.\nAlongside Tony Sheridan, Billy Preston was the only other musician to be credited on a Beatles recording: the artists on the number-one hit \"Get Back\" are given as \"The Beatles with Billy Preston\". Stephen Stills asked Preston if he could use Preston's phrase \"if you can't be with the one you love, love the one you're with\" and created the hit song.
/m/060__y	A film adaptation is the transfer of a written work, in whole or in part, to a feature film. It is a type of derivative work.\nA common form of film adaptation is the use of a novel as the basis of a feature film. Other works adapted into films include non-fiction, autobiography, comic books, scriptures, plays, historical sources, and even other films. From the earliest days of cinema, in nineteenth-century Europe, adaptation from such diverse resources has been a ubiquitous practice of film-making.
/m/02bcc0	The House of Oldenburg is a European royal house of North German origin. It is one of Europe's most influential Royal Houses with branches that rule or have ruled in Denmark, Russia, Greece, Norway, Schleswig, Holstein, Oldenburg and Sweden. The current Queen of Denmark, the King of Norway and the ex-King of Greece as well as consorts of Spain, Greece and the United Kingdom belong to this House.\nIt rose to prominence when Count Christian I of Oldenburg was elected King of Denmark in 1448, and of Norway in 1450. The house has occupied the Danish throne ever since.
/m/0hmr4	Annie Hall is a 1977 American romantic comedy directed by Woody Allen from a screenplay he co-wrote with Marshall Brickman. Produced by Allen's veteran manager, Charles H. Joffe, the film co-stars the director as Alvy Singer, who tries to figure out the reasons for the failure of his relationship with the film's eponymous female lead, played by Diane Keaton.\nPrincipal photography for the film began on 19 May 1976 on the South Fork of Long Island, and filming continued periodically for the next ten months. Allen has described the result, which marked his first collaboration with cinematographer Gordon Willis, as \"a major turning point\", in that unlike the farces and comedies that were his work to that point, it introduced a new level of seriousness.\nUpon release in April 1977, Annie Hall was met with widespread critical acclaim. Along with the Academy Award for Best Picture, it received Oscars in three other categories: two for Allen, and Keaton for Best Actress. The film additionally won four BAFTA awards and a Golden Globe, the latter being awarded to Keaton. Its North American box office receipts of $38,251,425 are fourth-best in the director's oeuvre when not adjusted for inflation. Often listed among the greatest film comedies, it ranks 31st on AFI's list of the top feature films in American cinema, fourth on their list of top comedy films and number 28 on Bravo's \"100 Funniest Movies.\" Film critic Roger Ebert called it \"just about everyone's favorite Woody Allen movie\".
/m/04mp9q	Toulouse Football Club, also known simply as Toulouse, is a French association football club based in the city of Toulouse. The club was founded in 1937 and currently plays in Ligue 1, the top level of French football. Toulouse plays its home matches at the Stadium Municipal located within the city. The first team is managed by former club player Alain Casanova and captained by defender Jonathan Zebina.\nLes Pitchouns have won 3 Ligue 2 and 1 Coupe de France. Toulouse have participated in European competition five times. In 2008, the club, among celebratory fanfare, qualified for the UEFA Champions League for the first time in its history and, in the following season, played in the inaugural edition of the UEFA Europa League.\nToulouse is presided over by French businessman Olivier Sadran. Sadran took over the club following its bankruptcy in 2001, which resulted in the club being moved to the Championnat National. Toulouse has served as a springboard club for several players in its existence most notably, Fabien Barthez and André-Pierre Gignac. Barthez established himself at the club before moving to clubs such as AS Monaco and Manchester United where he won several club honours. He played on the France national team that won the 1998 FIFA World Cup serving as a starting goalkeeper.
/m/0424m	James Madison, Jr. was an American statesman, political theorist and the fourth President of the United States. He is hailed as the \"Father of the Constitution\" for being instrumental in the drafting of the United States Constitution and as the key champion and author of the United States Bill of Rights. He served as a politician much of his adult life.\nAfter the constitution had been drafted, Madison became one of the leaders in the movement to ratify it. His collaboration with Alexander Hamilton and John Jay produced the Federalist Papers. Circulated only in New York at the time, they would later be considered among the most important polemics in support of the Constitution. He was also a delegate to the Virginia constitutional ratifying convention, and was instrumental to the successful ratification effort in Virginia. Like most of his contemporaries, Madison changed his political views during his life. During the drafting and ratification of the constitution, he favored a strong national government, though later he grew to favor stronger state governments, before settling between the two extremes late in his life.\nIn 1789, Madison became a leader in the new House of Representatives, drafting many basic laws. He is notable for drafting the first ten amendments to the Constitution, and thus is known as the \"Father of the Bill of Rights\". Madison worked closely with President George Washington to organize the new federal government. Breaking with Hamilton and what became the Federalist Party in 1791, Madison and Thomas Jefferson organized what they called the Republican Party.
/m/05dbyt	Robert Patrick \"Bob\" Gunton, Jr. is an American actor. He is known for playing strict, authoritarian characters, with his best known roles as Warden Samuel Norton in the 1994 prison film The Shawshank Redemption, Chief George Earle in 1993's Demolition Man, Dr. Walcott, the domineering dean of Virginia Medical School in Patch Adams and President Juan Peron in the original Broadway production of Evita for which he received a Tony Award nomination.
/m/0kst7v	Ashish Vidyarthi is an Indian film actor known for his works predominantly in Bollywood and Telugu cinema. He has won the National Film Award for Best Supporting Actor in 1995. He is noted for his antagonist characters.
/m/02vs3x5	A re-recording mixer North America, also known as a dubbing mixer Europe, is a person who is part of a post-production sound team and works specifically with voice over, dialogue, music and sound effects to create the final soundtrack for a movie / television production. They are responsible for ensuring that the sound in a record single, film or television program is technically correct, and as near to the director's or sound designer's original idea and more importantly, pass the necessarily relevant broadcast standards specific to the country before playout. In Europe, at present this would relate to EBU R128 protocol.\nRe-recording mixers / dubbing mixers prepare an initial film / documentary soundtrack for audience previews by performing tasks such as cleaning up audio edits, mixing and cross-fading the sound, and adding a temporary/permanent music soundtrack that will have been prepared by the music editor. After the previews, the film / documentary is usually re-cut and the sound is mixed once more. Once the film is given its final approval by the producer and financial backers, the re-recording mixer works towards a final Stereo and or 5.1 surround sound mix.\nA re-recording mixer is someone, or a team of two or three individuals who, working with the Director/Producer of a film or television show achieve the desired sonic balance between dialog, sound effects, and music. The first part of the traditional re-recording process is called the \"premix.\" In the dialog premix the re-recording mixer does preliminary processing, including making initial loudness adjustments and reducing environmental noise that the on-set microphone picked up during the shooting of the scene. In most instances, audio restoration software may be employed.
/m/01p_ly	The City of Cebu is the capital city of the province of Cebu and is the \"second city\" of the Philippines, being the center of Metro Cebu, the second most populous Metropolitan area in the Philippines after Metro Manila. With a population of 866,171 as per the 2010 census, it is the fifth most populated city in the country. Cebu City is a significant center of commerce, trade and education in the Visayas area.\nThe city is located on the eastern shore of Cebu island. It is the first Spanish settlement and the oldest city in the Philippines. Cebu is the Philippines' main domestic shipping port and is home to about 80% of the country's domestic shipping companies.\nIt is the center of a metropolitan area called Metro Cebu, which includes the cities of Carcar, Danao, Lapu-lapu, Mandaue, Naga, Talisay and the municipalities of Compostela, Consolacion, Cordova, Liloan, Minglanilla and San Fernando . Metro Cebu has a total population of about 2.55 million people. Cebu City is bordered to the northeast by Mandaue City and the town of Consolacion, to the west are Toledo City, and the towns of Balamban and Asturias, to the south are Talisay City and the town of Minglanilla. Across Mactan Strait to the east is Mactan Island.
/m/05jf85	The Purple Rose of Cairo is a 1985 American romantic fantasy comedy film written and directed by Woody Allen. Inspired by Sherlock, Jr., Hellzapoppin', and Pirandello's Six Characters in Search of an Author, it is the tale of a film character who leaves a fictional film of the same name and enters the real world.
/m/032qgs	Daniel Ronald \"Ronny\" Cox is an American character actor, author, singer-songwriter and guitarist. His best-known roles include Drew Ballinger in Deliverance, George Apple in Apple's Way, Lieutenant Andrew Bogomil in Beverly Hills Cop, Richard \"Dick\" Jones in RoboCop and Vilos Cohaagen in Total Recall.
/m/027jbr	The National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame was founded in 1950 in Saratoga Springs, New York, to honor the achievements of American thoroughbred race horses, jockeys, and trainers. Each spring, following the tabulation of the final votes, the announcement of new inductees is usually made during Kentucky Derby Week in early May.\nThe Hall of Fame's nominating committee selects eight to ten candidates from among the four Contemporary categories to be presented to the voters. Changes in voting procedures that commence with the 2010 candidates will allow the voters to choose multiple candidates from a single Contemporary category, instead of a single candidate from each of the four Contemporary categories.
/m/01jdxj	Aberdeen Football Club are a Scottish professional football club based in Aberdeen. They compete in the Scottish Premiership having won four league titles and seven Scottish Cups, including a record three in a row during the 1980s, the only time a team other than Rangers has done this since 1882. They are also the only Scottish team to have won two European trophies, both in the same year, and have never been relegated from the top division of the Scottish football league system.\nFormed in 1903 as a result of the amalgamation of three clubs from Aberdeen, they rarely challenged for honours until the post war decade, when they won each of the major Scottish trophies under manager Dave Halliday. This level of success was surpassed in the 1980s, when, under the management of Alex Ferguson, they won three league titles, four Scottish Cups and a Scottish League Cup, alongside the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup and the UEFA Super Cup, both in 1983. Aberdeen were the last club outside of the Old Firm to win a league title, in 1984–85, and also the last Scottish team to win a European trophy. Despite competing in both the 1999–2000 Scottish Cup and Scottish League Cup finals, Aberdeen have not won any silverware since 1995.
/m/059f4	New Hampshire is a state in the New England region of the northeastern United States of America. The state was named after the southern English county of Hampshire. It is bordered by Massachusetts to the south, Vermont to the west, Maine and the Atlantic Ocean to the east, and the Canadian province of Quebec to the north. New Hampshire is the 5th smallest, and the 9th least populous of the 50 United States.\nIt became the first of the British North American colonies to break away from Great Britain in January 1776, and six months later was one of the original 13 states that founded the United States of America. In June 1788, it became the ninth state to ratify the United States Constitution, bringing that document into effect. New Hampshire was the first U.S. state to have its own state constitution.\nIt is known internationally for the New Hampshire primary, the first primary in the U.S. presidential election cycle. Concord is the state capital, while Manchester is the largest city in the state. It has no general sales tax, nor is personal income taxed at either the state or local level.\nIts license plates carry the state motto: \"Live Free or Die\". The state's nickname, \"The Granite State\", refers to its extensive granite formations and quarries.
/m/0k7tq	Dial M for Murder is a 1954 American thriller film directed by Alfred Hitchcock, starring Ray Milland, Grace Kelly, and Robert Cummings. The movie was adapted from a successful stage play by Frederick Knott, and was released by the Warner Bros. studio.\nThe screenplay and the stage play on which it was based were both written by English playwright Frederick Knott, whose work often focused on women who innocently become the potential victims of sinister plots. The play premiered in 1952 on BBC television, before being performed on the stage in the same year in London's West End in June, and then New York's Broadway in October.\nThe single setting in the stage play is the living-room of the Wendices' flat in London. Hitchcock's film adds a second setting in a gentleman's club, the well of a staircase, a few views of the street outside, and a stylized courtroom montage. Having seen the play on Broadway, Cary Grant was keen to play the role of Tony Wendice, but studio chiefs did not feel the public would accept him as a man who arranges to have his wife murdered.\nIn June 2008, the American Film Institute revealed its \"Ten Top Ten\" list—the best ten films in ten \"classic\" American film genres—after polling over 1,500 people from the creative community. Dial M for Murder was ranked the ninth best film in the mystery genre.
/m/05fg2	Norman Robert Foster, Lord Foster of Thames Bank, OM Kt. is an English architect whose company maintains an international design practice, Foster + Partners.\nFoster was raised in Manchester in a working-class family and was intrigued by design and engineering from a young age. His years observing Mancunian architecture subsequently influenced his works, and was inspired to pursue a career in architecture after a treasurer clerk noticed his sketches and interest in Manchester's buildings while he worked at Manchester Town Hall.\nFoster gained an internship at a local architect's office before submitting a portfolio and winning a place at the University of Manchester School of Architecture. He subsequently won a scholarship to study at the Yale School of Architecture in the United States of America.\nFoster returned to the United Kingdom in 1963 and set up a practice, Team 4. Three years later, he founded Foster & Associates with his wife Wendy, which became Foster + Partners. His breakthrough building was arguably the Willis Building in Ipswich in 1975 and he has since designed landmark structures such as Wembley Stadium and 30 St Mary Axe. He is one of Britain's most prolific architects of his generation. In 1999 he was awarded the Pritzker Architecture Prize, often referred to as the Nobel Prize of architecture. In 2009 Foster was awarded the Prince of Asturias Award in the Arts category. In 1994 he received the AIA Gold Medal.
/m/0c1d0	Providence is the capital and most populous city in Rhode Island. Founded in 1636, it is one of the oldest cities in the United States. It is located in Providence County, and is the third-largest city in the New England region. Providence has a city population of 182,042 and is part of the 37th-largest metropolitan population in the country, with an estimated population of 1,600,856, exceeding that of Rhode Island by about 60%, as it extends into southern Massachusetts. This can be considered in turn to be part of the Greater Boston commuting area, which contains 7.6 million people. The city is situated at the mouth of the Providence River, at the head of Narragansett Bay.\nProvidence was founded by Roger Williams, a religious exile from the Massachusetts Bay Colony. He named the area in honor of \"God's merciful Providence\", which he believed was responsible for revealing such a haven for him and his followers to settle. After being one of the first cities in the country to industrialize, Providence became noted for its jewelry and silverware industry. Today, the city of Providence is home to eight hospitals and seven institutions of higher learning, which has shifted the city's economy into service industries, though it still retains significant manufacturing activity.
/m/016890	Kool & the Gang are an American jazz, R&B, soul, funk and disco group, originally formed in 1964 as the Jazziacs based in Jersey City, New Jersey.\nThey went through several musical phases during the course of their recording career, starting out with a purist jazz sound, then becoming practitioners of funk and R&B, progressing to a smooth pop-funk ensemble, and in the post-millennium creating music with a modern, electro-pop sound.\nThey have sold over 70 million albums worldwide.\nThe group's main members over the years included brothers Robert \"Kool\" Bell on bass and Ronald Bell on tenor saxophone, lead vocalist James \"J.T.\" Taylor, George Brown on drums, Larry Gittens on trumpet, Dennis Thomas on alto saxophone, Claydes Charles Smith on guitar, and Rick Westfield on keyboards. The Bell brothers' father was an acquaintance of Thelonious Monk, and the brothers were friends with Leon Thomas.
/m/02pbp9	Jeffrey Lee \"Jeff\" Probst is an American game show host and an executive producer. He is best known as the Emmy Award winning host of the U.S. version of the reality show Survivor. Additionally, he was the host of The Jeff Probst Show, a syndicated daytime talk show produced by CBS Television Distribution from September 2012 to May 2013 that lasted for one season.
/m/0248jb	The Grammy Award for Best Traditional Blues Album was awarded from 1983 to 2011. From 2001 to 2003 the award recipients included the producers and engineers as well as the artists. Until 1992 the award was known as Best Traditional Blues Performance and was twice awarded to individual tracks rather than albums.\nThe award will be discontinued from 2012 in a major overhaul of Grammy categories. From 2012, this category will merge with the Best Contemporary Blues Album category to form the new Best Blues Album category.\nYears reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were handed out, for music released in the previous year.
/m/06t2t	Singapore, officially the Republic of Singapore, is a sovereign city-state and island country in Southeast Asia. It lies off the southern tip of the Malay Peninsula and is 137 kilometres north of the equator. Made up of the lozenge-shaped main island and over 60 much smaller islets, it is separated from Peninsular Malaysia by the Straits of Johor to its north and from Indonesia's Riau Islands by the Singapore Strait to its south. The country is highly urbanised, with very little primary rainforest remaining. Its territory has consistently expanded through land reclamation.\nPart of various local empires since being settled in the second century AD, modern Singapore was founded in 1819 by Sir Stamford Raffles as a trading post of the East India Company with the permission of the Johor Sultanate. The British obtained sovereignty over the island in 1824, and Singapore became one of the British Straits Settlements in 1826. Occupied by the Japanese during World War II, Singapore declared independence from the United Kingdom in 1963 and united with other former British territories to form Malaysia, from which it departed two years later. Since then, it has developed rapidly, earning recognition as one of Four Asian Tigers.
/m/0czmk1	Ross Turnbull is an English footballer, who plays as a goalkeeper for Doncaster Rovers.
/m/04cx5	Kathmandu is the capital and largest urban agglomerate of Nepal. The agglomerate consists of Kathmandu Metropolitan City at its core, and its sister cities Patan, Kirtipur, Thimi, and Bhaktapur. It also includes the recently recognized urban areas of Shankhapur, Karyabinayak, and Champapur. Banepa, Dhulikhel, and Panauti are satellite urban areas of Kathmandu located just outside the Kathmandu valley. Kathmandu is also known informally as \"KTM\" or the \"tri-city\". According to a census conducted in 2011, Kathmandu metropolis alone has 975,453 inhabitants; and the agglomerate has a population of more than 2.5 million inhabitants. The metropolitan city area is 50.67 square kilometres and has a population density of 19,250 per km².\nThe city stands at an elevation of approximately 1,400 metres in the bowl-shaped Kathmandu Valley of central Nepal. It is surrounded by four major mountains: Shivapuri, Phulchoki, Nagarjun, and Chandragiri. Kathmandu Valley is part of three districts, has the highest population density in the country, and is home to about a twelfth of Nepal's population.
/m/06929s	Enron: The Smartest Guys in the Room is a 2005 documentary film based on the best-selling 2003 book of the same name by Fortune reporters Bethany McLean and Peter Elkind, a study of one of the largest business scandals in American history. McLean and Elkind are credited as writers of the film alongside the director, Alex Gibney.\nThe film examines the 2001 collapse of the Enron Corporation, which resulted in criminal trials for several of the company's top executives; it also shows the involvement of the Enron traders in the California electricity crisis. The film features interviews with McLean and Elkind, as well as former Enron executives and employees, stock analysts, reporters and the former Governor of California Gray Davis.\nThe film won the Independent Spirit Award for Best Documentary Feature and was nominated for Best Documentary Feature at the 78th Academy Awards in 2006.
/m/043q2z	Harvard Divinity School is one of the constituent schools of Harvard University, located in Cambridge, Massachusetts, in the United States. The School's mission is to train and educate its students either in the academic study of religion, or for the practice of a religious ministry or other public service vocation. It also caters to students from other Harvard schools that are interested in the former field. Harvard Divinity School is among a small group of university-based, nondenominational divinity schools in the United States.
/m/04hcw	Ludwig Josef Johann Wittgenstein was an Austrian-British philosopher who worked primarily in logic, the philosophy of mathematics, the philosophy of mind, and the philosophy of language. From 1939–1947, Wittgenstein taught at the University of Cambridge. During his lifetime he published just one slim book, the 75-page Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus, one article, one book review and a children's dictionary. His voluminous manuscripts were edited and published posthumously. Philosophical Investigations appeared as a book in 1953 and by the end of the century it was considered an important modern classic. Philosopher Bertrand Russell described Wittgenstein as \"the most perfect example I have ever known of genius as traditionally conceived; passionate, profound, intense, and dominating\".\nBorn in Vienna into one of Europe's richest families, he inherited a large fortune from his father in 1913. He gave some considerable sums to poor artists. In a period of severe personal depression after the first World War, he then gave away his entire fortune to his brothers and sisters. Three of his brothers committed suicide, with Wittgenstein contemplating it too. He left academia several times: serving as an officer on the frontline during World War I, where he was decorated a number of times for his courage; teaching in schools in remote Austrian villages, where he encountered controversy for hitting children when they made mistakes in mathematics; and working during World War II as a hospital porter in London, where he told patients not to take the drugs they were prescribed, and where he largely managed to keep secret the fact that he was one of the world's most famous philosophers. He described philosophy, however, as \"the only work that gives me real satisfaction.\"
/m/02f_k_	Robert Hammond Patrick, Jr. is an American actor. He is well known for his work in the science fiction genre, and is a Saturn Award winner.\nPatrick dropped out of college when drama class sparked his interest in acting, receiving his first professional acting job in the 1986 television film Eye of the Eagle. He went on to appear in supporting roles in such films as Die Hard 2, Terminator 2: Judgment Day, Wayne's World, Last Action Hero, Fire in the Sky, Cop Land, The Faculty, Walk the Line, Bridge to Terabithia, Spy Kids, and Flags of Our Fathers. He also starred in such television shows as The Sopranos, The Outer Limits, Elvis, The Unit, The X-Files, as, and Last Resort.\nPatrick is described as someone who has \"developed a solid reputation within the industry\", with critics, fans, and co-stars alike praising his \"work ethic, personality, and consistent performances\".
/m/026spg	Natalie Maria Cole is an American singer, songwriter and performer. The daughter of Nat King Cole, Cole rose to musical success in the mid-1970s as a R&B artist with the hits \"This Will Be\", \"Inseparable\" and \"Our Love\". After a period of failing sales and performances due to a heavy drug addiction, Cole reemerged as a pop artist with the 1987 album, Everlasting, and her cover of Bruce Springsteen's \"Pink Cadillac\". In the 1990s, she re-recorded standards by her father, resulting in her biggest success, Unforgettable... with Love, which sold over seven million copies and also won Cole numerous Grammy Awards. She has sold over 30 million records worldwide.
/m/02kc008	Glycine is an organic compound with the formula NH2CH2COOH. Having a hydrogen substituent as its side-chain, glycine is the smallest of the 20 amino acids commonly found in proteins. Its codons are GGU, GGC, GGA, GGG of the genetic code.\nGlycine is a colourless, sweet-tasting crystalline solid. It is unique among the proteinogenic amino acids in that it is not chiral. It can fit into hydrophilic or hydrophobic environments, due to its minimal side chain of only one hydrogen atom.
/m/01xbpn	Orlando Pirates FC is a South African football club based in Parktown, Johannesburg that plays in the Premier Soccer League.\nThe club was founded in 1937 and was originally based in Orlando, Soweto. They are named 'Pirates' after the 1940 film The Sea Hawk starring Errol Flynn. Orlando Pirates are the first club since the inception of the Premier Soccer League in 1996 to have won three major trophies in a single season back to back, having won the domestic league, the Nedbank Cup and the MTN 8 during the 2010-11 season and domestic league, Telkom Knockout and the MTN 8 during the 2011-12 season. They are the only South African team to have won the CAF Champions League, which they did in 1995 and they were the runners up of 2013 CAF Champions League after they were defeated 3-1 on aggregate by Al Ahly of Egypt.
/m/07sbkfb	Java is a computer programming language that is concurrent, class-based, object-oriented, and specifically designed to have as few implementation dependencies as possible. It is intended to let application developers \"write once, run anywhere\", meaning that code that runs on one platform does not need to be recompiled to run on another. Java applications are typically compiled to bytecode that can run on any Java virtual machine regardless of computer architecture. Java is, as of 2014, one of the most popular programming languages in use, particularly for client-server web applications, with a reported 9 million developers. Java was originally developed by James Gosling at Sun Microsystems and released in 1995 as a core component of Sun Microsystems' Java platform. The language derives much of its syntax from C and C++, but it has fewer low-level facilities than either of them.\nThe original and reference implementation Java compilers, virtual machines, and class libraries were developed by Sun from 1991 and first released in 1995. As of May 2007, in compliance with the specifications of the Java Community Process, Sun relicensed most of its Java technologies under the GNU General Public License. Others have also developed alternative implementations of these Sun technologies, such as the GNU Compiler for Java, GNU Classpath, and IcedTea-Web.
/m/0407yfx	Brave is a 2012 American computer-animated fantasy film produced by Pixar Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures. The story was conceived by writer/director Brenda Chapman, who drew inspiration from her relationship with her own daughter. Chapman became Pixar’s first female director of a feature-length film. Brave was written by Chapman, Mark Andrews, Steve Purcell, and Irene Mecchi, directed by Chapman and Andrews, and co-directed by Purcell. The film's voice cast features Kelly Macdonald, Julie Walters, Billy Connolly, Emma Thompson, Kevin McKidd, Craig Ferguson, and Robbie Coltrane. To create the most complex visuals possible, Pixar completely rewrote their animation system for the first time in 25 years. It is the first film to use the Dolby Atmos sound format.\nSet in the Scottish Highlands, the film tells the story of a princess named Merida who defies an age-old custom, causing chaos in the kingdom by expressing the desire to not be betrothed. After consulting a witch for help, Merida accidentally transforms her mother into a bear and is forced to undo the spell herself before it is too late. Brave premiered on June 10, 2012, at the Seattle International Film Festival, and was released in North America on June 22, 2012, to both positive reviews and box office success. The film won the Academy Award for Best Animated Film, the Golden Globe Award for Best Animated Feature Film, and the BAFTA Award for Best Animated Film.
/m/01w23w	Randall Rudy \"Randy\" Quaid is an American actor nominated for a Golden Globe, BAFTA and an Academy Award for his role in The Last Detail. Quaid also won a Golden Globe Award and was nominated for an Emmy for his portrayal of U.S. President Lyndon Johnson in LBJ: The Early Years. Quaid is well known for his roles in the National Lampoon's Vacation movies, Brokeback Mountain and Independence Day.
/m/03dbww	Sterling Price Holloway, Jr. was an American character actor who appeared in 150 films and television shows. He was also a voice actor for The Walt Disney Company, well known for his distinctive tenor voice, and is perhaps best remembered as the original voice of Walt Disney's Winnie the Pooh.
/m/05szq8z	Clash of the Titans is a 2010 British-American fantasy adventure film and remake of the 1981 film of the same name. The story is very loosely based on the Greek myth of Perseus. Directed by Louis Leterrier and starring Sam Worthington, the film was originally set for standard release on March 26, 2010. However, it was later announced that the film would be converted to 3D and was released on April 2, 2010. Clash of the Titans grossed $493 million worldwide, though it received generally negative reviews from critics and received two Golden Raspberry Awards nominations.\nThe film's success led to a sequel, Wrath of the Titans, released in March 2012.
/m/060__7	Snow Falling on Cedars is a film directed by Scott Hicks. It is based on David Guterson's award-winning novel of the same title. It was released in 1999 and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Cinematography.
/m/047xyn	This World Fantasy Award is presented to individuals for their outstanding service to the fantasy field, and decided by a panel of judges at the World Fantasy Convention.
/m/08cn_n	Joseph \"Joe\" Berlinger is an American documentary film-maker who, in collaboration with Bruce Sinofsky, has created such films as Paradise Lost about the West Memphis 3, Brother's Keeper, Some Kind of Monster, and Crude.\nIn collaboration with journalist Greg Milner, Berlinger has also written a book called Metallica: This Monster Lives, which is about his journey from making the poorly received Blair Witch 2 to creating Some Kind of Monster with Metallica, one of the world's most famous metal bands.\nBerlinger has also worked on TV series such as Homicide: Life on the Street, D.C. and FanClub.\nThe first film Berlinger directed, in 1992, was the documentary Brother's Keeper, which tells the story of Delbart Ward, an elderly man in Munnsville, New York, who was charged with second-degree murder following the death of his brother William. Chicago Tribune film critic Roger Ebert, in his review of the movie, called it \"an extraordinary documentary about what happened next, as a town banded together to stop what folks saw as a miscarriage of justice.\"\nHe graduated from Colgate University in 1983. He lives with his wife and daughters in New York.\nAfter spending $1.3 million on legal fees over footage for his documentary Crude, Berlinger expressed concerns about being able to make documentaries about legal cases in the future.
/m/02kth6	Long Island University is a private, coeducational, nonsectarian institution of higher education in the U.S. state of New York.
/m/0l6ny	The 1984 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XXIII Olympiad, was an international multi-sport event held in Los Angeles, California, United States in 1984. When Tehran, the only other interested city on the international level, declined to bid due to the concurrent Iranian political and social changes the IOC awarded Los Angeles the Games by default. This was the second occasion Los Angeles hosted the games; it previously hosted in 1932.\nIn response to the American-led boycott of the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow, 14 Eastern Bloc countries including the Soviet Union, Cuba and East Germany boycotted the Games. For differing reasons, Iran and Libya also boycotted. The USSR announced its intention not to participate on May 8, 1984, citing security concerns and \"chauvinistic sentiments and an anti-Soviet hysteria being whipped up in the United States.\". Boycotting countries organized another large event in June–September 1984, called the Friendship Games; however, not even a single competition was held between July 28 and August 12. Representatives of the organizing countries, in particular the USSR, underlined it was \"not held to replace the Olympics\". Elite athletes from the U.S. and USSR would only compete against each other at the 1986 Goodwill Games in Moscow, organized in response to the boycotts.
/m/072vj	Samuel M \"Sam\" Raimi is an American film director, producer, writer and actor, famous for directing the cult horror comedy Evil Dead series, the superhero film Darkman, and the Spider-Man trilogy; his most recent work is 2013's fantasy film Oz the Great and Powerful. Raimi is also the producer of several successful television series. He is also the founder of Renaissance Pictures. Recently, he worked as the producer of The Possession, and the 2013 remake of Evil Dead.\nHe is the older brother of actor Ted Raimi and the younger brother of screenwriter Ivan Raimi.
/m/01m7mv	Andover is an affluent town in Essex County, Massachusetts, United States. It was settled in 1642 and incorporated in 1646. As of the 2010 census, the population was 33,201. It is part of the Boston-Cambridge-Quincy, Massachusetts-New Hampshire metropolitan statistical area.\nPart of the town comprises the census-designated place of Andover.
/m/016dj8	Men in Black is a 1997 American comic science fiction action spy film directed by Barry Sonnenfeld, produced by Walter F. Parkes and Laurie MacDonald and starring Tommy Lee Jones and Will Smith. The film was based on Lowell Cunningham's The Men in Black comic book series, originally published by Aircel Comics, with a plot following two agents of a secret organization called Men in Black who supervise extraterrestrial lifeforms who live on Earth and hide their existence from ordinary humans. The film featured the creature effects and makeup of Rick Baker and visual effects by Industrial Light & Magic. The film was released on July 2, 1997, by Columbia Pictures and grossed $589,390,539 worldwide against a $90 million budget.\nAn animated series based on the film, titled Men in Black: The Series, ran from 1997 to 2001 on The WB. A live-action sequel, Men in Black II, was released in 2002. This was followed by Men in Black 3 in 2012. The success of the film inspired Marvel to option other properties for development, later collaborating with Columbia Pictures to produce Spider-Man amongst other projects.
/m/019n8z	The 1988 Winter Olympics, officially known as the XV Olympic Winter Games, was a Winter Olympics multi-sport event celebrated in and around Calgary, Alberta, Canada between February 13 and 28, 1988. The host city was selected in 1981, defeating Falun, Sweden and Cortina d'Ampezzo, Italy. Most events took place in Calgary while several skiing events were held in the mountain resorts of Nakiska and Canmore, west of the city.\nA record 57 nations competed and 1,423 athletes participated. The Soviet Union won the most medals at 29, followed by East Germany with 25. As it had in Montreal in 1976, Canada again failed to win a gold medal in an official medal event as the host nation. Finnish ski jumper Matti Nykänen and Dutch speed skater Yvonne van Gennip were individual medal leaders, capturing three gold medals apiece. The Games are also remembered for the \"heroic failure\" of British ski jumper Eddie \"The Eagle\" Edwards and the Winter Olympic debut of the Jamaica national bobsled team.\nThe Calgary Games were at the time the most expensive Olympics ever held, but the organizing committee turned record television and sponsorship revenue into a net surplus that was used to maintain the world-class facilities built for the Olympics and develop the Calgary region into the heart of Canada's elite winter sports program. The five purpose-built venues continue to be used in their original function, and helped Canada develop a Winter Olympic program, which resulted in 26 medals at the next Winter Olympics hosted on Canadian soil.
/m/01pf21	Macy's, Inc., originally Federated Department Stores, Inc., is an American multinational holding company headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio. It is the owner of department stores Macy's and Bloomingdale's, which specialize in the sales of clothing, footwear, accessories, bedding, furniture, jewelry, beauty products, and housewares. The company operates approximately 840 stores in the United States; its namesake locations and related operations account for 90 percent of its revenue. The company is well known for its prominent flagship stores located throughout the country, most notably those of Macy's in New York, San Francisco, and Los Angeles; former facilities include Jordan Marsh in Boston, Dayton's in Minneapolis, Kaufmann's in Pittsburgh, Burdine's in Miami, Rich's in Atlanta, Wanamaker's in Philadelphia, Marshall Field's location in Chicago, G. Fox location in Westfarms, and Famous-Barr in St. Louis. Each store home to many unique and beloved city traditions. According to Deloitte, Macy's, Inc. is the world's largest fashion goods retailer and the 36th largest retailer overall, based on the company's reported 2010 retail sales revenue of $25 billion.
/m/04g61	Luxembourg, officially the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, is a landlocked country in Western Europe. It is bordered by Belgium to the west and north, Germany to the east, and France to the south. It comprises two principal regions: the Oesling in the north as part of the Ardennes massif, and the Gutland in the south. Luxembourg has a population of 524,853 and an area of 2,586 square kilometres, making it one of the smallest sovereign nations in Europe.\nAs a representative democracy with a constitutional monarch, it is headed by a grand duke and is the world's only remaining grand duchy. Luxembourg is a developed country, with an advanced economy and the world's second highest GDP per capita, according to the World Bank. Its central location has historically made it of great strategic importance to numerous powers, dating back to its founding as a Roman fortress, its hosting of a vital Frankish castle during the Early Middle Ages, and its role as a bastion for the Spanish Road between 16th and 17th centuries.
/m/0yyn5	Working Girl is a 1988 romantic comedy film written by Kevin Wade and directed by Mike Nichols. It tells the inspiring story of a Staten Island-raised secretary, Tess McGill, working in the mergers and acquisitions department of a Wall Street investment bank. When her boss, Katharine Parker, breaks her leg skiing, Tess uses Parker's absence and connections, including her errant beau Jack Trainer, to put forward her own idea for a merger deal.\nThe film features a notable opening sequence following Manhattan-bound commuters on the Staten Island Ferry accompanied by Carly Simon's song \"Let the River Run\", for which she received the Academy Award for Best Song. The film was a box office hit, grossing a worldwide total of $103 million.\nGriffith was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actress, while both Weaver and Joan Cusack were nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress. The film itself was also nominated for Best Picture at the 61st Academy Awards.
/m/01qdcv	The Socialist Party is a social democratic political party in France, and the largest party of the French centre-left. The PS is one of the two major contemporary political parties in France, along with the Union for a Popular Movement on the centre-right. The Socialist Party replaced the earlier French Section of the Workers' International in 1969, and is currently led by First Secretary Harlem Désir who is the first black person to lead a major European political party. The PS is a member of the Party of European Socialists, the Socialist International and the Progressive Alliance.\nThe PS first won power in 1981, when its candidate François Mitterrand was elected President of France in the 1981 presidential election. Under Mitterrand, the party achieved a governing majority in the National Assembly from 1981 to 1986 and again from 1988 to 1993. PS leader Lionel Jospin lost his bid to succeed Mitterrand as president in the 1995 presidential election against Rally for the Republic leader Jacques Chirac, but became prime minister in a cohabitation government after the 1997 parliamentary elections, a position Jospin held until 2002, when he was again defeated in the presidential election.
/m/01p3ty	Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge, also known as DDLJ, is a 1995 Indian romantic comedy musical film. It was written and directed by debutante director Aditya Chopra, produced by his father Yash Chopra, and stars Shahrukh Khan and Kajol. The film tells the story of a young couple who fall in love on a European vacation, and relates how the boy tries to win over the girl's parents so that she can marry him rather than the boy that her father has chosen for her. It was filmed in India, London, and Switzerland.\nEarning over 106 crore in India and 16 crore overseas, the film was declared an \"All-time Blockbuster\" and became the biggest Bollywood hit of the year, as well as one of the biggest Bollywood hits ever. During the 1996 awards season, the film won 10 Filmfare Awards, the most ever for a single film at that time, as well as the National Film Award for Best Popular Film Providing Wholesome Entertainment.\nDilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge was ranked by Indiatimes Movies among the \"25 Must See Bollywood Films\". It was one of two Hindi films in the \"1001 Movies You Must See Before You Die\" list along with Mother India. It was also placed twelfth on the British Film Institute's list of the top Indian films of all time. The film was declared an all-time blockbuster and it remains as the longest-running film in the history of Indian cinema. As of 2013, it is still playing at the Maratha Mandir theatre in Mumbai, completing 900 weeks on 11 January 2013.
/m/02b0yk	Chesterfield Football Club is an English association football club based in Chesterfield, Derbyshire, which plays in Football League Two, the fourth tier in the English football league system. The club were founder members of the Football League Third Division North in 1921–22 and have remained in the Football League since that time. While they have never played in the top flight, they rose to the second tier twice in the 1930s.\nHaving moved from their historic home of Saltergate after the 2009–10 season, Chesterfield now play their home games at the 10,504 capacity Proact Stadium.\nChesterfield's most notable recent successes came in the 1990s, when they won the Division Three playoff final at Wembley in 1995 and reached the FA Cup semi-finals two years later. In May 2011 Chesterfield secured the League 2 title, but held onto their place in the higher division for a single season.\nIn 2011, Dave Allen was given full ownership of the club and Chris Turner was appointed as the club's new Chief Executive. The current manager is Paul Cook, who was appointed in October 2012.
/m/012f86	Ukrainians are an East Slavic ethnic group native to Ukraine, which is the sixth-largest nation in Europe. The Constitution of Ukraine applies the term 'Ukrainians' to all its citizens. Also among historical names of the people of Ukraine Rusyns, Cossacks, etc. can be found. According to some dictionary definitions, a descriptive name for the \"inhabitants of Ukraine\" is Ukrainian or Ukrainian people. Belarusians and Russians are considered the closest relatives of Ukrainians, while Rusyns are either considered another closely related group, or an ethnic subgroup of Ukrainians.
/m/0410cp	Annabeth Gish is an American actress. She has played roles in films Shag, Hiding Out, Mystic Pizza, The Last Supper and Double Jeopardy. On television, she played Special Agent Monica Reyes on The X-Files, Elizabeth Bartlet Westin on The West Wing and as Eileen Caffee on the Showtime drama Brotherhood.\nShe currently stars on the FX drama The Bridge.
/m/0kb57	The Pride of the Yankees is a 1942 American film directed by Sam Wood and starring Gary Cooper, Teresa Wright, and Walter Brennan. It is a tribute to the legendary New York Yankees first baseman Lou Gehrig, who died only one year before its release, at age 37, from amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, which later became known to the lay public as \"Lou Gehrig's disease\".\nThough subtitled \"The Life of Lou Gehrig\", the film is less a sports biography than an homage to a heroic and widely loved sports figure whose tragic and premature death touched the entire nation. It emphasizes Gehrig's relationship with his parents, his friendships with players and journalists, and his storybook romance with the woman who became his \"companion for life,\" Eleanor. Details of his baseball career—which were still fresh in most fans' minds in 1942—are limited to montages of ballparks, pennants, and Cooper swinging bats and running bases, though Gehrig's best-known major league record—2,130 consecutive games played—is prominently cited.\nYankee teammates Babe Ruth, Bob Meusel, Mark Koenig, and Bill Dickey play themselves, as does sportscaster Bill Stern. The film was adapted by Herman J. Mankiewicz, Jo Swerling, and an uncredited Casey Robinson from a story by Paul Gallico, and received 11 Academy Award nominations. Its climax is a re-enactment of Gehrig's poignant 1939 farewell speech at Yankee Stadium. The film's iconic closing line—\"Today, I consider myself the luckiest man on the face of the Earth\"—was voted 38th on the American Film Institute's list of 100 greatest movie quotes.
/m/01kp8z	Cajun music, an emblematic music of Louisiana, is rooted in the ballads of the French-speaking Acadians of Canada. Cajun music is often mentioned in tandem with the Creole-based, Cajun-influenced zydeco form, both of Acadiana origin. These French Louisiana sounds have influenced American popular music for many decades, especially country music, and have influenced pop culture through mass media, such as television commercials.
/m/02rb607	The White Ribbon is a 2009 black-and-white German-language drama film written and directed by Michael Haneke. Das weiße Band, Eine deutsche Kindergeschichte darkly depicts society and family in a northern German village just before World War I and, according to Haneke, \"is about the roots of evil. Whether it’s religious or political terrorism, it’s the same thing.\"\nThe film premiered at the 62nd Cannes Film Festival in May 2009 where it won the Palme d'Or, followed by positive reviews and several other major awards, including the 2010 Golden Globe Award for Best Foreign Language Film. The film also received two nominations at the 82nd Academy Awards in 2009: Best Foreign Language Film and Best Cinematography.
/m/0642ykh	The Chronicles of Narnia: The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is a 2010 fantasy-adventure film based on The Voyage of the Dawn Treader, the third novel in C. S. Lewis's epic fantasy series The Chronicles of Narnia. It is the third installment in The Chronicles of Narnia film series from Walden Media. This is the first film in the series not to have the involvement of Walt Disney Pictures, as 20th Century Fox became the distributor of the future films, and the only film in the series to be released in Digital 3D.\nThe film is set three Narnian years after the events of Prince Caspian. The two youngest Pevensie siblings, Edmund and Lucy, are transported back to Narnia along with their cousin Eustace Scrubb. They join the new king of Narnia, Caspian, in his quest to rescue seven lost lords and to save Narnia from a corrupting evil that resides on a dark island. Each character is tested as they journey to the home of the great lion Aslan at the far end of the world.\nDevelopment on The Voyage of the Dawn Treader began in 2007, while Prince Caspian was still in production. Filming was supposed to take place in Malta, the Czech Republic and Iceland in 2008 with Michael Apted as its new director, for a planned release in 2009. But production was halted after a budgetary dispute between Walden Media and Walt Disney Pictures concerning Prince Caspian's performance at the box office, resulting in Disney departing the production and being replaced by 20th Century Fox. Filming later took place in Australia and New Zealand in 2009 and was converted into 3D in 2010. It was released in traditional 2D, RealD 3D, and Digital 3D, and a limited release in 4D. The screenplay based on the novel by C. S. Lewis was written by Stephen McFeely and Christopher Markus.
/m/02lk95	Samuel Timothy \"Tim\" McGraw is an American singer, songwriter and actor. Many of McGraw's albums and singles have topped the country music charts with total album sales in excess of 40 million units in the US, making him the eighth best-selling artist, and the third best-selling country singer, in the Soundscan era. He is married to country singer Faith Hill and is the son of the late baseball player Tug McGraw.\nMcGraw had 11 consecutive albums debut at Number One on the Billboard albums charts. Twenty-five singles hit No. 1 on the Billboard Country Airplay chart. He has won three Grammys, 14 Academy of Country Music awards, 11 Country Music Association awards, 10 American Music Awards, and three People's Choice Awards. His Soul2Soul II Tour with Faith Hill is the highest grossing tour in country music history, and one of the top five among all genres of music.\nMcGraw has ventured into acting, with supporting roles in The Blind Side, Friday Night Lights, The Kingdom, and Four Christmases, and lead roles in Flicka and Country Strong. He was a minority owner of the Arena Football League's Nashville Kats. Taylor Swift's debut single, \"Tim McGraw\", refers to him and his song, \"Can't Tell Me Nothin'\".
/m/0bx8pn	The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill is a coeducational public research university located in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, United States. North Carolina has been consistently ranked among the highest ranked universities in the United States and is one of the original eight Public Ivy schools that provide an Ivy League experience for a public schooling price. After being chartered in 1789, the university first began enrolling students in 1795, which allows it to be one of three schools to claim the title of the oldest public university in the United States.\nThe first public institution of higher education in North Carolina, the school opened its doors to students on February 12, 1795. The university offers degrees in over 70 courses of study through fourteen colleges and the College of Arts and Sciences. All undergraduates receive a liberal arts education and have the option to pursue a major within the professional schools of the university or within the College of Arts and Sciences from the time they obtain junior status. Under the leadership of President Kemp Plummer Battle, in 1877 North Carolina became coeducational and began the process of desegregation in 1951 when African-American graduate students were admitted under Chancellor Robert Burton House. In 1952, North Carolina opened its own hospital, UNC Health Care, for research and treatment, and has since specialized in cancer care. The school's students, alumni, and sports teams are known as \"Tar Heels\".²
/m/0bqytm	Michael Ballhaus, A.S.C. is a German cinematographer. In 1990, he was the Head of the Jury at the 40th Berlin International Film Festival.
/m/0443c	Jack Roosevelt \"Jackie\" Robinson was an American baseball player who became the first African-American to play in Major League Baseball in the modern era. Robinson broke the baseball color line when the Brooklyn Dodgers started him at first base on April 15, 1947. As the first major league team to play a black man since the 1880s, the Dodgers ended racial segregation that had relegated black players to the Negro leagues for six decades. The example of Robinson's character and unquestionable talent challenged the traditional basis of segregation, which then marked many other aspects of American life, and contributed significantly to the Civil Rights Movement.\nIn addition to his cultural impact, Robinson had an exceptional baseball career. Over 10 seasons, Robinson played in six World Series and contributed to the Dodgers' 1955 World Championship. He was selected for six consecutive All-Star Games, from 1949 to 1954, was the recipient of the inaugural MLB Rookie of the Year Award in 1947, and won the National League Most Valuable Player Award in 1949 — the first black player so honored. Robinson was inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1962. In 1997, Major League Baseball \"universally\" retired his uniform number, 42, across all major league teams; he was the first pro athlete in any sport to be so honored. Initiated for the first time on April 15, 2004, Major League Baseball has adopted a new annual tradition, \"Jackie Robinson Day\", on which every player on every team wears #42.
/m/01dyvs	The Matrix Revolutions is a 2003 American science fiction action film and the third installment of The Matrix trilogy. The film was released six months following The Matrix Reloaded. The film was written and directed by The Wachowski Brothers and released simultaneously in 60 countries on November 5, 2003. While it is the final film in the series, the Matrix storyline continued in The Matrix Online.\nThe film was the second live-action film to be released in both regular and IMAX theaters at the same time.
/m/070yc	Space opera is a subgenre of science fiction that often emphasizes romantic, often melodramatic adventure, set mainly or entirely in outer space, usually involving conflict between opponents possessing advanced abilities, weapons and other technology. The term has no relation to music but is instead a play on the term \"soap opera\".
/m/02_j8x	Matthew Richard \"Matt\" Lucas is an English comedian, screenwriter, actor and singer, best known for his work with David Walliams in the television show Little Britain; as well as for his portrayals of the scorekeeping baby George Dawes in the comedy panel game Shooting Stars and Tweedledee and Tweedledum in Alice in Wonderland.\nIn May 2007, he was placed seventh in the list of the UK's 100 most influential gay men and women, by British newspaper The Independent.
/m/01fdc0	Lynn Rachel Redgrave, OBE was an English actress.\nA member of the Redgrave family, Lynn trained in London before making her theatrical debut in 1962. By the mid-1960s she had appeared in several films, including Tom Jones, and Georgy Girl which won her a New York Film Critics Award and nominations for an Academy Award and a Golden Globe Award.\nIn 1967, she made her Broadway debut, and performed in several stage productions in New York while making frequent returns to London's West End. She performed with her sister Vanessa in Three Sisters in London, and in the title role of Baby Jane Hudson in a television production of What Ever Happened to Baby Jane? in 1991. She made a return to films in the late 1990s in films such as Shine and Gods and Monsters, for which she received another Academy Award nomination. Redgrave is the only person to have been nominated for all of the 'Big Four' entertainment awards without winning any of them.
/m/0619_	Portsmouth is the second largest city in the ceremonial county of Hampshire on the south coast of England. Portsmouth is notable for being the United Kingdom's only island city; it is mainly on Portsea Island. It is situated 64 miles south west of London and 19 miles south east of Southampton.\nAs a significant naval port for centuries, Portsmouth is home to the world's oldest dry dock still in use and also home to some famous ships, including HMS Warrior, the Tudor carrack Mary Rose and Lord Nelson's flagship, HMS Victory. Although smaller than in its heyday, the naval base remains a major dockyard and base for the Royal Navy and Royal Marine Commandos whose Headquarters resides there. There is also a thriving commercial ferryport serving destinations on the continent for freight and passenger traffic. The City of Portsmouth and Portsmouth Football Club are both nicknamed Pompey.\nThe Spinnaker Tower is a striking recent addition to the city's skyline. It can be found in the redeveloped former HMS Vernon, formerly a shore establishment or 'stone frigate' of the Royal Navy, now an area of retail outlets, restaurants, clubs and bars now known as Gunwharf Quays.\nThe City of Portsmouth has a population of 209,166 and is the only city in England with a greater population density than London. Portsmouth forms part of the South Hampshire Built-up Area, which includes Southampton, Havant, Eastleigh, Fareham and Gosport, and is the 6th largest urban area in England and the largest in Hampshire, with an estimated 860,000 residents according to the 2011 Census this area forms the centre of one of the United Kingdom's most populous metropolitan areas with a population in excess of a million.
/m/0cwx_	Carnegie Mellon University is a private research university in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States.\nThe university began as the Carnegie Technical Schools founded by Andrew Carnegie in 1900. In 1912, the school became the Carnegie Institute of Technology and began granting four-year degrees. In 1967, the Carnegie Institute of Technology merged with the Mellon Institute of Industrial Research to form Carnegie Mellon University. The university's 140-acre main campus is 3 miles from Downtown Pittsburgh and abuts the Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh, the main branch of the Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh, Schenley Park, Phipps Conservatory and Botanical Gardens, and the campus of the University of Pittsburgh in the city's Oakland and Squirrel Hill neighborhoods, partially extending into Shadyside.\nCarnegie Mellon has seven colleges and independent schools: the Carnegie Institute of Technology, College of Fine Arts, Dietrich College of Humanities and Social Sciences, Mellon College of Science, Tepper School of Business, H. John Heinz III College and the School of Computer Science. Carnegie Mellon fields 17 varsity athletic teams as part of the University Athletic Association conference of the NCAA Division III.
/m/01wphh2	Nana Mizuki is a Japanese singer-songwriter and voice actress represented by the agency Sigma Seven. She was born and raised in Niihama, Ehime, Japan. Mizuki was trained as an enka singer, and made her debut as a voice actress in 1998; however, she released her debut single \"Omoi\", under the King Records label on December 6, 2000. A year later, she released her debut album, Supersonic Girl on December 5, 2001.\nIn the years that followed, Mizuki enjoyed modest success that concluded with the release of her single \"Innocent Starter\", which reached the top 10 Oricon singles chart, charting at No. 9. Since then, Mizuki's releases have charted steadily higher in Japan, establishing her as a successful singer in the country. Despite this, she remains a prolific voice actress, with over 130 voice roles in separate media. On June 3, 2009, her album Ultimate Diamond reached #1, her first release to do so; while her single \"Phantom Minds\", released on January 13, 2010, also charted at #1. Mizuki is the first voice actress to top the weekly Oricon albums chart and the weekly Oricon singles chart since its inception in 1968.
/m/0gx159f	The St. John's IceCaps are a professional ice hockey team based in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada. They are members of the Atlantic Division of the Eastern Conference of the American Hockey League and are the top affiliate of the Winnipeg Jets of the National Hockey League. The IceCaps are also affiliated with the Ontario Reign of the ECHL.\nFrom 1996 to 2011, the team was known as the Manitoba Moose and played in Winnipeg, Manitoba. Prior to that they were the Minnesota Moose. With parent company True North Sports and Entertainment's purchase of the Atlanta Thrashers and relocation of the team to Winnipeg in June 2011, the AHL franchise was leased to former Newfoundland and Labrador Premier Danny Williams. The team was relocated to St. John's, returning the AHL to Atlantic Canada after a six-year absence.
/m/06yszk	Braunschweiger Turn- und Sportverein Eintracht von 1895, commonly known as Eintracht Braunschweig or BTSV, is a German association football and sports club based in Braunschweig, Lower Saxony. The club was one of the founding members of the Bundesliga in 1963 and won the national title in 1967. Braunschweig play in the Bundesliga, the top tier of the German football league system.\nSince 1923 Eintracht Braunschweig plays at the Eintracht-Stadion. The club shares a rivalry with fellow Lower Saxon side Hannover 96. In addition to the football division, Eintracht has departments for several other sports, of which historically the field hockey department has been the most successful.
/m/01b7h8	American Idol is an American reality-singing competition series created by Simon Fuller and produced by 19 Entertainment, and distributed by FremantleMedia North America. It began airing on Fox on June 11, 2002, as an addition to the Idols format based on the British series Pop Idol and has since become one of the most successful shows in the history of American television. For an unprecedented eight consecutive years, from the 2003–04 television season through the 2010–11 season, either its performance or result show had been ranked number one in U.S. television ratings.\nThe concept of the series is to find new solo recording artists where the winner is determined by the viewers in America. Winners chosen by viewers through telephone, Internet, and SMS text voting were Kelly Clarkson, Ruben Studdard, Fantasia Barrino, Carrie Underwood, Taylor Hicks, Jordin Sparks, David Cook, Kris Allen, Lee DeWyze, Scotty McCreery, Phillip Phillips and Candice Glover.\nAmerican Idol employs a panel of judges who critique the contestants' performances. The original judges were record producer and music manager Randy Jackson, pop singer and choreographer Paula Abdul and music executive and manager Simon Cowell. The judging panel for the upcoming season consists of country singer Keith Urban, singer and actress Jennifer Lopez, and jazz singer Harry Connick, Jr.. The show was originally hosted by radio personality Ryan Seacrest and comedian Brian Dunkleman, with Seacrest continuing on for the rest of the seasons.
/m/03fmfs	The Lincoln University is the United States' first degree-granting historically black university. Founded as a private university, since 1972 it is a public institution. It is located near the town of Oxford in southern Chester County, Pennsylvania. The university has two satellite campuses. They are: The Lincoln University - University City in Philadelphia and The Lincoln University - Coatesville, which opened in the city of Coatesville in Fall 2013. The Lincoln University provides undergraduate and graduate coursework to approximately 2,500 students. As former president Dr. Horace Mann Bond noted in his book Education for Freedom: A History of Lincoln University, Pennsylvania, with the college's founding in 1854, \"This was the first institution founded anywhere in the world to provide a higher education in the arts and sciences for youth of African descent.\" The University is a member-school of Thurgood Marshall College Fund.\nThe Lincoln University has an impressive list of notable alumni which includes: U.S. Supreme Court Justice, Thurgood Marshall; Harlem Renaissance poet, Langston Hughes; musical legend, Cab Calloway; Medal of Honor winner and pioneering African-American editor Christian Fleetwood; the first President of Nigeria, Nnamdi Azikiwe; the first President of Ghana, Kwame Nkrumah; song artist and activist Gil Scott-Heron; Tony Award winning actor Roscoe Lee Browne; Dr. Robert Walter Johnson, coach of Althea Gibson and Arthur Ashe; and architect of the debate team portrayed in the film The Great Debaters, Melvin B. Tolson.
/m/0by1wkq	Looper is a 2012 American science fiction action thriller film written and directed by Rian Johnson and starring Bruce Willis, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, and Emily Blunt. In the film, time travel is invented by the year 2074 and, though immediately outlawed, is used by criminal organizations to send those they want killed into the past where they are killed by \"loopers\", assassins paid with silver bars strapped to their targets. Joe, a looper, encounters himself when his older self is sent back in time to be killed.\nLooper was selected as the opening film of the 2012 Toronto International Film Festival. It was released to positive reviews in Australia on September 27, 2012, and in the US and the UK on September 28, 2012 by TriStar Pictures and FilmDistrict in the US, and Entertainment One in the UK.
/m/04kcn	Lake Michigan is one of the five Great Lakes of North America and the only one located entirely within the United States. The other four Great Lakes are shared by the U.S. and Canada. It is the second largest of the Great Lakes by volume and the third largest by surface area, after Lake Superior and Lake Huron. To the east, its basin is conjoined with that of Lake Huron through the wide Straits of Mackinac, giving it the same surface elevation as its easterly counterpart; the two are technically a single lake. Lake Michigan is bounded, from west to east, by the U.S. states of Wisconsin, Illinois, Indiana, and Michigan. The word \"Michigan\" originally referred to the lake itself, and is believed to come from the Ojibwa word mishigami meaning \"great water\".
/m/02b9g4	Ryan Seacrest was born in Atlanta, Georgia in December 24th, 1974. Hes a radio host as well as a television host and producer. He has his own production company named Ryan Seacrest Productions. Ryan started his radio career at the early age of 15 while working on a radio station in Atlanta called WSTR and he made his first appearance on TV hosting Radical Outdoor Challenge. Seacrest got his biggest role on TV in 2002 when he accepted to be Co-host with Brian Dunkleman in American Idol and in 2003 he was the only hostsince Dunkleman left the show. American Idol has been since its beginning a huge success and has put Ryan Seacrest in a national and international spotlight.
/m/0qmk5	Oz is an American television drama series created by Tom Fontana, who also wrote or co-wrote all of the series' 56 episodes. It was the first one-hour dramatic television series to be produced by the premium cable network HBO. Oz premiered on July 12, 1997 and ran for six seasons. The series finale aired February 23, 2003.
/m/0v0s	Australian English is a major variety of the English language and is used throughout Australia. Although English has no official status in the Constitution, Australian English is Australia's de facto official language and is the first language of the majority of the population.\nAustralian English started diverging from British English after the founding of the colony of New South Wales in 1788 and was recognised as being different from British English by 1820, arising from the intermingling of early settlers from a great variety of mutually intelligible dialectal regions of the British Isles and quickly developed into a distinct variety of English.\nAustralian English differs from other varieties of English in vocabulary, accent, pronunciation, register, grammar and spelling.
/m/02b0y3	Brentford Football Club are a professional football club based in Brentford, in the London Borough of Hounslow, that play in Football League One, the third tier in the English football league system.\nThey were founded on 15 October 1889 and play their home games at Griffin Park, their home stadium since 1904, after a nomadic existence playing at 5 previous grounds. Brentford's most successful spell came during the 1930s, when they achieved consecutive top six finishes in the First Division. Since the War, they have spent most of their time in the third and fourth tiers of English football. Brentford have been FA Cup quarter-finalists on four occasions, and have three times been Football League Trophy runners-up.
/m/0fx0j2	Helen Rose grew up in New Jersey and is a professional psychic and astrologist residing now in Florida. She writes adult fiction, children's stories, and poetry.
/m/05cwnc	Bath City Football Club is an English football club based in Bath, Somerset. The club participates in the Conference South, the sixth tier of English football.\nFormed in 1889 as Bath AFC, Bath City's history is entirely in non-league football missing out on election to the Football League by a few votes in 1978. They changed their name to Bath Railway in 1902 before settling on the name Bath City F.C.\nAfter many years playing in the upper echelons of non-league football they spent a decade in the Southern Football League after being relegated from the 1996–97 Football Conference. They were promoted to the Conference South by winning the Southern League in the 2006–07 season. They have reached the FA cup third round six times. In 2004 they lost in the FA Cup second round to Peterborough United and in the third round of the FA Trophy to Canvey Island. In 2009, City beat Football League Two side Grimsby Town in the FA Cup first round, only to lose to Forest Green Rovers in the second round. At the close of the 2010–11 season, the club secured a top 10 placing in the Conference National, their highest league finish since 1993.
/m/06196	The Prometheus Award is an award for libertarian science fiction novels given out annually by the Libertarian Futurist Society, which also publishes a quarterly journal, Prometheus. The award was founded in 1979 by L. Neil Smith, but was not awarded regularly until the newly-founded Libertarian Futurist Society revived it in 1982. A Hall of Fame Award (for classic works of libertarian science fiction, not necessarily novels) was created in 1983, and the Society also presents occasional one-off awards.
/m/0g7yx	Messina is the capital of the Italian province of Messina. It is the 3rd largest city on the island of Sicily, and the 13th city of Italy, with a population of more than 240,000 inhabitants in the city proper and about 650,000 in the province. It is located near the northeast corner of Sicily, at the Strait of Messina, opposite Villa San Giovanni on the mainland, has close ties with Reggio Calabria.\nThe city's main resources are its seaports, cruise tourism, commerce, agriculture. The city has been a Roman Catholic Archdiocese and Archimandrite seat since 1548 and is home to a locally important international fair. The city has the University of Messina, founded in 1548 by Ignatius of Loyola.
/m/0lcdk	Anemia; is a decrease in number of red blood cells or less than the normal quantity of hemoglobin in the blood. Anemia may also be diagnosed where there is decreased oxygen-binding ability of each hemoglobin molecule due to deformity or lack in numerical development as in some other types of hemoglobin deficiency. The name is derived from Ancient Greek: ἀναιμία anaimia, meaning lack of blood, from ἀν- an-, \"not\" + αἷμα haima, \"blood\". Because hemoglobin normally carries oxygen from the lungs to the capillaries, anemia leads to hypoxia in organs. Since all human cells depend on oxygen for survival, varying degrees of anemia can have a wide range of clinical consequences.\nAnemia is the most common disorder of the blood. The several kinds of anemia are produced by a variety of underlying causes. It can be classified in a variety of ways, based on the morphology of RBCs, underlying etiologic mechanisms, and discernible clinical spectra, to mention a few. The three main classes include excessive blood loss, excessive blood cell destruction or deficient red blood cell production.
/m/01n_2f	The Iran national football team represents Iran in international football competitions and is controlled by the Iran Football Federation. The national football team of Iran, known as Team Melli, ranks 1st in Asia and 38th in the world according to the February 2014 FIFA World Rankings.
/m/085h1	The World Trade Organization is an organization that intends to supervise and liberalize international trade. The organization officially commenced on 1 January 1995 under the Marrakech Agreement, replacing the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade, which commenced in 1948. The organization deals with regulation of trade between participating countries; it provides a framework for negotiating and formalizing trade agreements, and a dispute resolution process aimed at enforcing participant's adherence to WTO agreements, which are signed by representatives of member governments and ratified by their parliaments. Most of the issues that the WTO focuses on derive from previous trade negotiations, especially from the Uruguay Round.\nThe organization is attempting to complete negotiations on the Doha Development Round, which was launched in 2001 with an explicit focus on addressing the needs of developing countries. As of June 2012, the future of the Doha Round remained uncertain: the work programme lists 21 subjects in which the original deadline of 1 January 2005 was missed, and the round is still incomplete. The conflict between free trade on industrial goods and services but retention of protectionism on farm subsidies to domestic agricultural sector and the substantiation of the international liberalization of fair trade on agricultural products remain the major obstacles. These points of contention have hindered any progress to launch new WTO negotiations beyond the Doha Development Round. As a result of this impasse, there has been an increasing number of bilateral free trade agreements signed. As of July 2012, there were various negotiation groups in the WTO system for the current agricultural trade negotiation which is in the condition of stalemate.
/m/05xbx	The Public Broadcasting Service is an American broadcast television network. The non-profit public broadcaster has 354 member television stations which hold collective ownership. The network's headquarters is located in Arlington, Virginia.\nPBS is the most prominent provider of television programs to public television stations in the United States, distributing series such as Sesame Street, PBS NewsHour, Masterpiece, Frontline and Antiques Roadshow. Since the mid-2000s, Roper polls commissioned by PBS have consistently placed the service as America's most-trusted national institution. However, PBS is not responsible for all programming carried on public TV stations; in fact, stations usually receive a large portion of their content from third-party sources, such as American Public Television, NETA, WTTW National Productions and independent producers. This distinction is a frequent source of viewer confusion.\nPBS also has a subsidiary called National Datacast, which offers datacasting services via member stations; this helps PBS and its member stations earn extra revenue.
/m/0dz8b	Sword and sorcery, or heroic fantasy, is a sub-genre of fantasy and historical fantasy, generally characterized by sword-wielding heroes engaged in exciting and violent conflicts. An element of romance is often present, as is an element of magic and the supernatural. Unlike works of high fantasy, the tales, though dramatic, focus mainly on personal battles rather than world-endangering matters.\nA film genre tangentially related to sword and sorcery, at least in name, is sword-and-sandal, though its subjects are generally oriented to biblical times and early history, instead of fantasy. Not to be confused with cloak and dagger or cloak and sword, which are alternate genres.
/m/016s_5	John Cameron Fogerty is an American musician, songwriter, and guitarist, best known for his time with the swamp pop/roots rock band Creedence Clearwater Revival and as a solo recording artist. Fogerty has a rare distinction of being named on Rolling Stone magazine's list of 100 Greatest Guitarists and the list of 100 Greatest Singers. The songs \"Proud Mary\" and \"Born on the Bayou\" also rank amongst the Greatest Pop Songs.
/m/047t_	Kiribati, officially the Republic of Kiribati, is an island nation in the central tropical Pacific Ocean. The permanent population is just over 100,000 on 800 square kilometres. The nation is composed of 32 atolls and one raised coral island, Banaba, dispersed over 3.5 million square kilometres, straddling the equator, and bordering the International Date Line at its easternmost point.\nThe name Kiribati is the local pronunciation of Gilberts, which derives from the main island chain, named the Gilbert Islands after the British explorer Thomas Gilbert, who sailed through the islands in 1788. The capital, South Tarawa, consists of a number of islets connected through a series of causeways, located in the Tarawa archipelago. Kiribati became independent from the United Kingdom in 1979. It is a member of the Commonwealth of Nations, the IMF and the World Bank, and became a full member of the United Nations in 1999.
/m/01p7s6	Poles are a nation of predominantly West Slavic ethnic origin, who are native to East-Central Europe, inhabiting mainly Poland. The present population of Poles living in Poland is estimated at 36,522,000 out of the overall Poland population of 38,512,000. The preamble to the Constitution of the Republic of Poland defines the Polish nation as comprising all the citizens of Poland. Poland's inhabitants live in the following historic regions of the country: Wielkopolska, Małopolska, Mazovia, Silesia, Pomerania, Kujawy, Warmia, Mazury, and Podlasie. A wide-ranging Polish diaspora exists throughout Europe, the Americas and Australia. In 1960, Chicago in the United States, had the world's largest urban Polish population after Warsaw. Today, the largest urban concentration of Poles is the Katowice urban agglomeration known as the Silesian Metropolis of 2.7 million inhabitants. There is a festival in Milwaukee, Wisconsin called Polish Fest that celebrates the Polish people.
/m/058s44	Christopher Robert \"Chris\" Evans is an American actor. Evans is best known for his superhero roles as Johnny Storm / Human Torch in Fantastic Four and Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer, and Steve Rogers / Captain America in Captain America: The First Avenger and Marvel's The Avengers. He will reprise his role as Captain America in the upcoming films Captain America: The Winter Soldier and Avengers: Age of Ultron. Evans began his career on the television series Opposite Sex and later moved to film, appearing in Not Another Teen Movie, Fierce People, Sunshine, Push, The Losers, Scott Pilgrim vs. the World, and What's Your Number?.
/m/03tzh9	Postmodern architecture began as an international style the first examples of which are generally cited as being from the 1950s, but did not become a movement until the late 1970s and continues to influence present-day architecture. Postmodernity in architecture is said to be heralded by the return of \"wit, ornament and reference\" to architecture in response to the formalism of the International Style of modernism. As with many cultural movements, some of Postmodernism's most pronounced and visible ideas can be seen in architecture. The functional and formalized shapes and spaces of the modernist style are replaced by diverse aesthetics: styles collide, form is adopted for its own sake, and new ways of viewing familiar styles and space abound. Perhaps most obviously, architects rediscovered the expressive and symbolic value of architectural elements and forms that had evolved through centuries of building which had been abandoned by the modern style.\nInfluential early large-scale examples of postmodern architecture are Michael Graves' Portland Building in Portland, Oregon and Philip Johnson's Sony Building in New York City, which borrows elements and references from the past and reintroduces color and symbolism to architecture.
/m/0ggbfwf	Salmon Fishing in the Yemen is a 2011 British romantic comedy-drama film directed by Lasse Hallström and starring Ewan McGregor, Emily Blunt, Kristin Scott Thomas and Amr Waked. Based on the 2007 novel of the same name by Paul Torday, and a screenplay by Simon Beaufoy, the film is about a fisheries expert who is recruited by a consultant to help realize a sheikh's vision of bringing the sport of fly fishing to the Yemen desert, initiating an upstream journey of faith to make the impossible possible. The film was shot on location in London England, Scotland, and Morocco from August to October 2010. The film premiered at the 2011 Toronto International Film Festival. The film received generally positive reviews upon its release, and earned $34,564,651 in revenue worldwide.
/m/01mz9lt	Anu Malik, born Anwar Sardaar Malik, is a music director in the Hindi film industry. Son of veteran music director Sardar Malek, Anu Malik made his debut as a music composer in 1977. In the 90s Anu copmosed hits for films like Phir Teri Kahani Yaad Aayee, Baazigar and Jaanam.\nThe 2000s saw him winning the National Award for his music for J.P. Dutta's Refugee and the Filmfare Special Jury Award for his outstanding music. He won the Filmfare Best Music Director Award for Main Hoon Na and Baazigar. He was nominated 14 times for the Filmfare Award for Best Music Director.\nMalik has been judging the television phenomenon Indian Idol for the last five seasons and continues to be a member of the jury for the sixth season as well. He has rendered many of his own compositions like 'Garam Chaye Ki Pyali', 'Gori Gori' and the recent 'Meri Jane Jigar'.
/m/066m4g	Theodore Raymond \"T. R.\" Knight is an American actor. Knight's most high-profile role to date was his role as Dr. George O'Malley on the American Broadcasting Company's medical drama, Grey's Anatomy. Having acted on stage since the age of five, Knight has starred on Broadway, off-Broadway and many theatres in his home state of Minnesota.
/m/04l590	The Providence Bruins are an ice hockey team in the American Hockey League, and are the primary development team for the NHL's Boston Bruins. They play in Providence, Rhode Island at the Dunkin' Donuts Center.
/m/02079p	The term speaker is a title often given to the presiding officer of a deliberative assembly, especially a legislative body. The speaker's official role is to moderate debate, make rulings on procedure, announce the results of votes, and the like. The speaker decides who may speak and has the powers to discipline members who break the procedures of the house. The speaker often also represents the body in person, as the voice of the body in ceremonial and some other situations. The title was first recorded in 1377 to describe the role of Thomas de Hungerford in the Parliament of England. By convention, Speakers are normally addressed in Parliament as Mister Speaker, if a man, or Madam Speaker, if a woman. In most other cultures other styles are used, mainly equivalents of English \"chairman\" or \"president\". In Canadian French, the Speaker of the House of Commons or of a legislature is referred to as Président.\nMany bodies also have a speaker pro tempore or deputy speaker, designated to fill in when the speaker is not available.
/m/012vf6	Myrna Loy was an American film, television and stage actress.\nTrained as a dancer, Loy devoted herself fully to an acting career following a few minor roles in silent films. She was originally typecast in exotic roles, often as a vamp or a woman of Asian descent, but her career prospects improved greatly following her portrayal of Nora Charles in The Thin Man.
/m/027jq2	Emir Kusturica is a Serbian filmmaker, actor and musician. He has been recognized for several internationally acclaimed feature films, as well as his projects in town-building. He has twice won the Palme d'Or at Cannes, as well as being named Commander of the French Ordre des Arts et des Lettres.\nSince the mid-2000s, Kusturica's primary residence has been in Drvengrad, a town built for his film Life Is a Miracle, in the Mokra Gora region of Serbia. He had portions of the historic village reconstructed for the film. He is a member of the Academy of Sciences and Arts of the Republika Srpska since 9 November 2011.
/m/0ktx_	Miracle on 34th Street is a 1947 Christmas film written and directed by George Seaton and based on a story by Valentine Davies. It stars Maureen O'Hara, John Payne, Natalie Wood and Edmund Gwenn. The story takes place between Thanksgiving Day and Christmas Day in New York City, and focuses on the impact of a department store Santa Claus who claims to be the real Santa. The film has become a perennial Christmas favorite.\nThe film won Academy Awards for Best Actor in a Supporting Role, Best Writing, Original Story and Best Writing, Screenplay. It was also nominated for Best Picture, losing to Gentleman's Agreement.\nDavies also penned a short novella version of the tale, which was published by Harcourt Brace simultaneously with the film's release.
/m/04g865	Peter Hyams is an American director, screenwriter and cinematographer, probably best known for directing the 1981 science fiction thriller Outland, Capricorn One, 2010, the action/comedy Running Scared, the comic book adaptation Timecop, the action film Sudden Death, and the horror films The Relic and End of Days.
/m/0cq4k_	FC Zorya Luhansk, formerly known as Zorya Voroshilovgrad and Zorya-MALS, is a Ukrainian football team. Zorya Luhansk is based in the city of Luhansk, Luhansk Oblast, Ukraine.
/m/096g3	Bologna is the largest city of Emilia-Romagna Region in Italy. It is the seventh most populous city in Italy, located in the heart of a metropolitan area of about one million.\nThe first settlements date back to at least 1000 BC. The city has been an urban centre, first under the Etruscans and the Celts, then under the Romans, then again in the Middle Ages, as a free municipality. Home to the oldest university in the world, University of Bologna, founded in 1088, Bologna hosts thousands of students who enrich the social and cultural life of the city. Famous for its towers and lengthy porticoes, Bologna has a well-preserved historical centre thanks to a careful restoration and conservation policy which began at the end of the 1970s, on the heels of serious damage done by the urban demolition at the end of the 19th century as well as that caused by wars.\nAn important cultural and artistic centre, its importance in terms of landmarks can be attributed to homogenous mixture of monuments and architectural examples as well as works of art which are the result of a first class architectural and artistic history. Bologna is also an important transportation crossroad for the roads and trains of Northern Italy, where many important mechanical, electronic and nutritional industries have their headquarters. According to the most recent data gathered by the European Regional Economic Growth Index of 2009, Bologna is the first Italian city and the 47th European city in terms of its economic growth rate.
/m/0d063v	Global warming refers to an unequivocal and continuing rise in the average temperature of Earth's climate system. Since 1971, 90% of the warming has occurred in the oceans. Despite the oceans' dominant role in energy storage, the term \"global warming\" is also used to refer to increases in average temperature of the air and sea at Earth's surface. Since the early 20th century, the global air and sea surface temperature has increased about 0.8 °C, with about two-thirds of the increase occurring since 1980. Each of the last three decades has been successively warmer at the Earth’s surface than any preceding decade since 1850.\nScientific understanding of the cause of global warming has been increasing. In its fourth assessment of the relevant scientific literature, the International Panel on Climate Change reported that scientists were more than 90% certain that most of global warming was being caused by increasing concentrations of greenhouse gases produced by human activities. In 2010 that finding was recognized by the national science academies of all major industrialized nations. Affirming these findings in 2013, the IPCC stated that the largest driver of global warming is carbon dioxide emissions from fossil fuel combustion, cement production, and land use changes such as deforestation. Its 2013 report states
/m/017gxw	Penelope Alice Wilton, OBE is an English actress of stage, film, and TV. She starred opposite Richard Briers in the BBC situation comedy Ever Decreasing Circles. She has also appeared in Doctor Who and the period drama Downton Abbey. She has twice won the Critics' Circle Theatre Award. Wilton has been married to two distinguished actors, Daniel Massey and Ian Holm. Until her success as Downton Abbey's Isobel Crawley, she was best known to American audiences for her portrayal of South African anti-apartheid activist Wendy Woods in the 1987 film Cry Freedom.
/m/01gbbz	Ellen Lee DeGeneres is an American stand-up comedian, television host, and actress. She starred in the popular sitcom Ellen from 1994 to 1998 and has hosted the syndicated talk show The Ellen DeGeneres Show since 2003.\nAs a film actress, she starred in Mr. Wrong, appeared in EDtv and The Love Letter, and provided the voice of Dory in the Disney-Pixar animated film Finding Nemo, for which she was awarded the Saturn Award for Best Supporting Actress, the only time a voice performance has won a Saturn Award. She was a judge on American Idol in its ninth season. DeGeneres has hosted the Academy Awards, Grammy Awards, and the Primetime Emmys.\nShe starred in two television sitcoms, Ellen from 1994 to 1998 and The Ellen Show from 2001 to 2002. During the fourth season of Ellen in 1997, DeGeneres came out publicly as a lesbian in an appearance on The Oprah Winfrey Show. Shortly afterwards, her character Ellen Morgan also came out to a therapist played by Winfrey, and the series went on to explore various LGBT issues including the coming-out process. She has won 13 Emmys and numerous other awards for her work and charitable efforts.
/m/056zdj	Club de Fútbol Tigres de la Universidad Autónoma de Nuevo León, commonly referred to as Tigres de la UANL, or simply Tigres, is a Mexican professional football club based in San Nicolás de los Garza, a city located in the Monterrey Metropolitan Area. Founded in 1960, the club has spent most of its history in Liga MX, the top level of the Mexican football. Tigres has won the Liga MX three times, in 1977-78, 1981–82, Apertura 2011, and the Copa MX two times, in 1975-76 and 1996.\nTigres is the official team of Nuevo León's public university, the Universidad Autónoma de Nuevo León. The team plays home games at the Estadio Universitario. Since its founding, the team wears the colours of the University, gold and blue.\nIt is one of the two professional football teams of Nuevo León. Tigres have a long-standing rivalry with C.F. Monterrey, with whom they have contested the Clásico Regiomontano since 1974.
/m/0217m9	Howard University is a federally chartered, private, coeducational, nonsectarian, historically black university located in Washington, D.C., United States. It has a Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education status of RU/H: Research Universities.\nFrom its outset it has been nonsectarian and open to people of both sexes and all races. In addition to the undergraduate program, Howard has graduate schools of business, pharmacy, law, social work, medicine, dentistry and divinity.
/m/05dxl_	Robert Francis McGowan was an American film director and producer, best known as the senior director of the Our Gang short subjects film series from 1922 until 1933.
/m/09t9m2	Farsley Celtic Association Football Club was an English football club based in Farsley, in the City of Leeds. The club was known by the nicknames of the Villagers and the Celts; their colours were blue and white. Founded in 1908, the club spent their entire existence in non-league football, winning several titles in Northern England. In the FA Cup, the club reached the First Round twice to play league opposition. In June 2009, they entered administration with reported debts of £750,000, and on 10 March 2010 they were formally disbanded by the administrators. Following the disbandment of the club a new Farsley club was formed in 2010 Farsley A.F.C..
/m/021_0p	Churches of Christ are autonomous Christian congregations associated with one another through common beliefs and practices. They seek to base doctrine and practice on the Bible alone, and see themselves as restoring the New Testament church established by Christ.\nHistorically, Churches of Christ in the United States have roots in the American Restoration Movement, and were recognized as a distinct religious group by the U.S. Religious Census of 1906. Prior to that all congregations associated with the Restoration Movement had been reported together by the Census Bureau. The Restoration Movement began on the American frontier during the Second Great Awakening of the early 19th century under the leadership of Thomas and Alexander Campbell, Walter Scott, and Barton W. Stone. Those leaders had declared their independence from their Presbyterian roots, seeking a fresh start to restore the New Testament church, and abandoning creeds. They did not see themselves as establishing a new church. Rather, the movement sought the restoration of the church and \"the unification of all Christians in a single body patterned after the church of the New Testament.\" The names \"Church of Christ,\" \"Christian Church\" and \"Disciples of Christ\" were adopted by the movement because they believed these terms to be biblical.
/m/0n6kf	Don DeLillo is an American writer of novels, short stories, plays and essays. His works have covered subjects as diverse as television, nuclear war, sports, the complexities of language, performance art, the Cold War, mathematics, the advent of the digital age, and global terrorism. Initially a well-regarded cult writer, the publication in 1985 of White Noise brought him widespread recognition, and was followed in 1988 by Libra, a bestseller. DeLillo has twice been a Pulitzer Prize for Fiction finalist, won the PEN/Faulkner Award for Mao II in 1992, was granted the PEN/Saul Bellow Award for Achievement in American Fiction in 2010, and won the inaugural Library of Congress Prize for American Fiction in 2013.\nDeLillo has described his fiction as being concerned with \"living in dangerous times\", and in a 2005 interview declared, \"Writers must oppose systems. It's important to write against power, corporations, the state, and the whole system of consumption and of debilitating entertainments [...] I think writers, by nature, must oppose things, oppose whatever power tries to impose on us.\"
/m/0lc1r	A chiptune also known as chip music or 8-bit music, is synthesized electronic music produced by the sound chips of vintage computers, video game consoles, and arcade machines, as well as with other methods such as emulation. In the early 1980s, personal computers became less expensive and more accessible than they had previously been. This led to a proliferation of outdated personal computers and game consoles that had been abandoned by consumers as they upgraded to newer machines. They were in low demand by consumers as a whole, and not difficult to find, making them a highly accessible and affordable method of creating sound or art. While it has been a mostly underground genre, chiptune has had periods of moderate popularity in the 1980s and 21st century, and has influenced the development of electronic dance music.
/m/0652ty	Saul Rubinek is a Canadian actor, director, producer and playwright, known for his work in TV, film and the stage.
/m/01bmlb	Samuel George \"Sammy\" Davis, Jr. was an American entertainer. Primarily a dancer and singer, he also had many acting roles on stage and screen, and was noted for his impersonations of actors and other celebrities. At the age of three Davis began his career in vaudeville with his father and Will Mastin as the Will Mastin Trio, which toured nationally. After military service Davis returned to the trio. Davis became an overnight sensation following a nightclub performance at Ciro's after the 1951 Academy Awards. With the trio, he became a recording artist. In 1954, he lost his left eye in an automobile accident, and several years later, he converted to Judaism.\nDavis' film career began as a child in 1933. In 1960, he appeared in the first Rat Pack film, Ocean's 11. After a starring role on Broadway in 1956's Mr Wonderful, Davis returned to the stage in 1964's Golden Boy, and in 1966 had his own TV variety show, The Sammy Davis Jr. Show. Davis' career slowed in the late 1960s, but he had a hit record with \"The Candy Man\" in 1972 and became a star in Las Vegas, earning him the nickname \"Mister Show Business\".\nAs an African-American, Davis was the victim of racism throughout his life and was a large financial supporter of the Civil Rights movement. Davis had a complex relationship with the African-American community, and drew criticism after physically embracing President Richard M. Nixon in 1972. One day on a golf course with Jack Benny, he was asked what his handicap was. \"Handicap?\" he asked. \"Talk about handicap — I'm a one-eyed Negro Jew.\" This was to become a signature comment, recounted in his autobiography, and in countless articles.
/m/0gpmp	Charles Laughton was an English stage and film actor and director.\nLaughton was trained in London at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art and first appeared professionally on the stage in 1926. In 1927, he was cast in a play with his future wife Elsa Lanchester, with whom he lived and worked until his death. He played a wide range of classical and modern parts, making a big impact in Shakespeare at the Old Vic. His film career took him to Hollywood, but he also collaborated with Alexander Korda on some of the most notable British films of the era, including The Private Life of Henry VIII.\nAmong Laughton's biggest film-hits were The Barretts of Wimpole Street, Mutiny on the Bounty, Ruggles of Red Gap, Jamaica Inn, The Hunchback of Notre Dame and The Big Clock. In his later career, he took up stage directing, notably in the Caine Mutiny Court Martial, and George Bernard Shaw's Don Juan in Hell, in which he also starred. He directed the acclaimed thriller The Night of the Hunter.
/m/012mrr	Close Encounters of the Third Kind is a 1977 American science fiction film written and directed by Steven Spielberg and features actors Richard Dreyfuss, François Truffaut, Melinda Dillon, Teri Garr, Bob Balaban, and Cary Guffey. It tells the story of Roy Neary, an everyday blue collar worker in Indiana, whose life changes after an encounter with an unidentified flying object.\nClose Encounters was a long-cherished project for Spielberg. In late 1973, he developed a deal with Columbia Pictures for a science fiction film. Though Spielberg received sole credit for the script, he was assisted by Paul Schrader, John Hill, David Giler, Hal Barwood, Matthew Robbins, and Jerry Belson, all of whom contributed to the screenplay in varying degrees. The title is derived from ufologist J. Allen Hynek's classification of close encounters with aliens, in which the third kind denotes human observations of actual aliens or \"animate beings\". Douglas Trumbull served as the visual effects supervisor, while Carlo Rambaldi designed the aliens.\nMade on a production budget of $20 million, Close Encounters was released in November 1977 to critical and financial success, eventually grossing over $337,700,000 worldwide.
/m/03bggl	Van Heflin was an American film and theater actor. He played mostly character parts over the course of his film career, but during the 1940s had a string of roles as a leading man. He won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his performance in Johnny Eager.
/m/02lq5w	A silver medal in sports and other similar areas involving competition is a medal made of, or plated with, silver awarded to the second place finisher, or runner-up, of contests or competitions such as the Olympic Games, Commonwealth Games, etc. The outright winner receives a gold medal and the third place a bronze medal. More generally, silver is traditionally a metal sometimes used for all types of high-quality medals, including artistic ones.
/m/0bpm4yw	The Dark Knight Rises is a 2012 British-American superhero film directed by Christopher Nolan, who co-wrote the screenplay with his brother Jonathan Nolan and the story with David S. Goyer. Featuring the DC Comics character Batman, the film is the final installment in Nolan's Batman film trilogy, and it is the sequel to Batman Begins and The Dark Knight. Christian Bale reprises the lead role of Bruce Wayne/Batman, with a returning cast of his allies: Michael Caine as Alfred Pennyworth, Gary Oldman as James Gordon, and Morgan Freeman as Lucius Fox. The film introduces Selina Kyle, a sly, morally ambiguous cat burglar, and Bane, a mercenary bent on destroying Gotham City. Drawn back into action by new threats facing the city, an older Bruce Wayne is forced to come out of retirement and become Batman once again.\nChristopher Nolan was initially hesitant about returning to the series for a second time, but agreed to come back after developing a story with his brother and Goyer that he felt would conclude the series on a satisfactory note. Nolan drew inspiration from Bane's comic book debut in the 1993 \"Knightfall\" storyline, the 1986 series The Dark Knight Returns, and the 1999 storyline \"No Man's Land\". Filming took place in various locations, including Jodhpur, London, Nottingham, Glasgow, Los Angeles, New York City, Newark, and Pittsburgh. Nolan used IMAX cameras for much of the filming, including the first six minutes of the film, to optimize the quality of the picture. A variation of the Batplane termed \"The Bat\", an underground prison set, and a new Batcave set were created specifically for the film. As with The Dark Knight, viral marketing campaigns began early during production to help promotion. When filming concluded, Warner Bros. refocused its campaign: developing promotional websites, releasing the first six minutes of the film, screening theatrical trailers, and sending out information regarding the film's plot.
/m/09_gdc	A deleted scene refers to footage that has been removed, censored, or replaced in the final version of a film or television show. It is occasionally, but rarely, referred to as a \"cut scene\", but due to the usage of \"cut scene\" in reference to video games, the preference is to call it \"deleted\". A related term is \"extended scene\", which refers to scenes which were shortened for the final version of the film. Often extended scenes will be included in collections of deleted scenes, or also referred to as deleted scenes themselves, as is the case with for instance, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets and Serenity.
/m/0bt4g	Back to the Future is a 1985 American science fiction comedy film. It was directed by Robert Zemeckis, written by Zemeckis and Bob Gale, produced by Steven Spielberg, and stars Michael J. Fox, Christopher Lloyd, Lea Thompson, Crispin Glover and Thomas F. Wilson. Fox plays Marty McFly, a teenager who is accidentally sent back in time to 1955. He meets his future parents in high school and accidentally attracts his mother's romantic interest. Marty must repair the damage to history by causing his parents-to-be to fall in love, and with the help of scientist Dr. Emmett \"Doc\" Brown, he must find a way to return to 1985.\nZemeckis and Gale wrote the script after Gale mused upon whether he would have befriended his father if they attended school together. Various film studios rejected the script until the financial success of Zemeckis' Romancing the Stone. Zemeckis approached Spielberg and the project was planned to be financed and released through Universal Pictures. The first choice for the role of Marty McFly was Michael J. Fox. He was busy filming his TV series Family Ties and the show's producers would not allow him to star in the film. Consequently, Eric Stoltz was cast in the role. During filming, Stoltz and the filmmakers decided that he was miscast, and Fox was approached for the part. Now with more flexibility in his schedule and the blessing of his show's producers, Fox managed to work out a timetable in which he could give enough time and commitment to both.
/m/030k94	Boston Legal is an American legal dramedy created by David E. Kelley and produced in association with 20th Century Fox Television for ABC. The series aired from October 3, 2004, to December 8, 2008.\nBoston Legal is a spin-off of long-running Kelley series The Practice, following the exploits of former Practice character Alan Shore at the legal firm of Crane, Poole & Schmidt.
/m/07ng9k	Gate Keepers 21 is a six-part sequel OVA series to the Gate Keepers animated TV series and has a darker and more serious plot than its predecessor. Some of the questions left unanswered in the TV series are answered in this sequel. Linking the two series are the characters Reiji Kageyama, Yukino Houjo, and the former Far Eastern AEGIS Headquarters setting, Tategami High School.
/m/015qqg	Julia is a 1977 drama film directed by Fred Zinnemann, from a screenplay by Alvin Sargent. It is based on Lillian Hellman's book Pentimento, a chapter of which purports to tell the story of her relationship with an alleged lifelong friend, \"Julia,\" who fought against the Nazis in the years prior to World War II. The film was produced by Richard Roth, with Julien Derode as executive producer and Tom Pevsner as associate producer.\nJulia was received positively from the critics and was nominated for eleven Academy Awards, including Best Picture, Best Director for Fred Zinnemann and Best Actress for Jane Fonda. It ended up winning three awards, Best Supporting Actor for Jason Robards, Best Supporting Actress for Vanessa Redgrave, and Best Adapted Screenplay for Alvin Sargent's script. Julia was the first film to win both supporting actor categories since The Last Picture Show six years earlier in 1971, and would be followed by Hannah and Her Sisters nine years later in 1986.
/m/0mlvc	Yakima County is a county in the state of Washington. As of the 2010 census, its population was 243,231. The county seat and largest city is Yakima. The county was formed out of Ferguson County on January 21, 1865 and is named for Yakama tribe of Native Americans. Ferguson County, no longer in existence, had been created from Walla Walla County on January 23, 1863.\nThe Yakama Indian Reservation, the 15th largest reservation in America, covers 1,573 mi², comprising 36% of the county's total area. Its population was 31,799 in 2000, and its largest city is Toppenish.\nYakima County comprises the Yakima, WA Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/0gtx63s	The Lady is a French-English co-production directed by Luc Besson, starring Michelle Yeoh as Aung San Suu Kyi and David Thewlis as her late husband Michael Aris. Michelle Yeoh called the film \"a labour of love\" but also confessed it had felt intimidating for her to play the Nobel laureate.
/m/037hgm	Peter Lawrence Buck is an American rock musician who is best known as co-founder and lead guitarist of alternative rock band R.E.M.\nThroughout his career with R.E.M., as well as during his subsequent solo career, Buck has also been at various times an official member of numerous 'side project' groups. These groups included Hindu Love Gods, The Minus 5, Tuatara, The Baseball Project, Robyn Hitchcock and the Venus 3 and Tired Pony each of which have released at least one full-length album. Additionally, another side project group called Full Time Men released an EP while Buck was a member; ad hoc \"supergroups\" Bingo Hand Job and Nigel & The Crosses have each commercially released one track.\nOther notable groups of Buck's that have not recorded include Slow Music, which plays semi-regular gigs, and \"Richard M. Nixon\", a band Buck founded in 2012 to support the release of his solo album with live gigs. Richard M. Nixon consists of Buck, Scott McCaughey and Bill Rieflin, the same three musicians who comprise The Venus 3.\nBuck also has a notable career as a record producer, as well as a session musician
/m/0yx7h	Fatal Attraction is a 1987 American psychological thriller film directed by Adrian Lyne and starring Michael Douglas, Glenn Close, and Anne Archer. The film centers around a married man who has a weekend affair with a woman who refuses to allow it to end, resulting in emotional blackmail, stalking, and an ensuing obsession on her part. The film was adapted by James Dearden and Nicholas Meyer from an earlier 1980 short film by Dearden for British television, Diversion.\nFatal Attraction was a hit, becoming the second highest-grossing film of 1987 in the United States and the highest-grossing film of the year worldwide. Critics were enthusiastic about the film, and it received six Academy Award nominations, including Best Picture, Best Actress for Close, and Best Supporting Actress for Archer. Both lost to Cher and Olympia Dukakis, respectively, for Moonstruck.
/m/02nhxf	The Grammy Award for Producer of the Year, Non-Classical was an honor presented to remixers for quality remixed recordings at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position\".\nThe award was first presented at the Grammy Awards in 1975. According to the category description guide for the 52nd Grammy Awards, the award is presented to producers who \"represent consistently outstanding creativity in the area of record production\".
/m/02r6mf	Minimal music is a style of music associated with the work of American composers La Monte Young, Terry Riley, Steve Reich, and Philip Glass. It originated in the New York Downtown scene of the 1960s and was initially viewed as a form of experimental music called the New York Hypnotic School. Prominent features of the style include consonant harmony, steady pulse, stasis or gradual transformation, and often reiteration of musical phrases or smaller units such as figures, motifs, and cells. It may include features such as additive process and phase shifting which leads to what has been termed phase music. Minimal compositions that rely heavily on process techniques that follow strict rules are usually described using the term process music.\nStarting in the early 1960s as a scruffy underground scene in San Francisco alternative spaces and New York lofts, minimalism spread to become the most popular experimental music style of the late 20th century. The movement originally involved dozens of composers, although only five emerged to become publicly associated with American minimal music. In Europe, the music of Louis Andriessen, Karel Goeyvaerts, Michael Nyman, Gavin Bryars, Steve Martland, Henryk Górecki, Arvo Pärt, Patrick Dorobisz and John Tavener exhibits minimalist traits.
/m/0227tr	Brendan James Fraser is a Canadian-American film and stage actor. Fraser portrayed Rick O'Connell in the three-part Mummy film series, and is known for his comedic and fantasy film leading roles in major Hollywood films, including Encino Man, George of the Jungle, Looney Tunes: Back in Action, Journey to the Center of the Earth, and Inkheart. Has also appeared in numerous dramatic roles, including Gods and Monsters, The Quiet American, Crash, and Gimme Shelter.
/m/0kstw	Yokohama is the capital city of Kanagawa Prefecture and the second largest city in Japan by population after Tokyo and most populous municipality of Japan. It lies on Tokyo Bay, south of Tokyo, in the Kantō region of the main island of Honshu. It is a major commercial hub of the Greater Tokyo Area.\nYokohama's population of 3.7 million makes it Japan's largest incorporated city. Yokohama had been the world's largest suburb until the formation of New Taipei.\nYokohama developed rapidly as Japan's prominent port city following the end of Japan's relative isolation in the mid-19th century, and is today one of its major ports along with Kobe, Osaka, Nagoya, Hakata, Tokyo, and Chiba.
/m/01dkpb	Charles Bronson was an American film and television actor.\nHe starred in films such as Once Upon a Time in the West, The Magnificent Seven, The Dirty Dozen, The Great Escape, Rider on the Rain, The Mechanic, and the Death Wish series. He was often cast in the role of a police officer, gunfighter, or vigilante in revenge-oriented plot lines. He had long collaborations with film directors Michael Winner and J. Lee Thompson.In 1965 he was featured as Major Wolenski in \"Battle of the Bulge\"
/m/04dqdk	Jean-Jacques Goldman is a Grammy Award-winning French singer-songwriter. He is hugely popular in the French-speaking world, and since 2003 has been the second-highest-grossing French living pop-rock singer, after Johnny Hallyday. In the 1990s, he was part of the trio Fredericks Goldman Jones with a string of hits.
/m/0jbs5	The island of Maui is the second-largest of the Hawaiian Islands at 727.2 square miles and is the 17th largest island in the United States. Maui is part of the State of Hawaiʻi and is the largest of Maui County's four islands, bigger than Molokaʻi, Lānaʻi, and unpopulated Kahoʻolawe. In 2010, Maui had a population of 144,444, third-highest of the Hawaiian Islands, behind that of Oʻahu and Hawaiʻi Island. Kahului is the largest census-designated place on the island with a population of 26,337 as of 2010 and is the commercial and financial hub of the island. Wailuku is the seat of Maui County and is the third-largest CDP as of 2010. Other significant places include Kīhei; Lahaina; Makawao; Pāʻia; Kula; Haʻikū; and Hāna.
/m/01w9ph_	James Douglas \"Jim\" Morrison was an American singer-songwriter and poet, best remembered as the lead singer of Los Angeles rock band The Doors. From a young age, Morrison became infatuated with the works of Friedrich Nietzsche, Arthur Rimbaud and Jack Kerouac, often incorporating their work into his lyrics. In his later life, Morrison developed an alcohol dependency which led to his death at the age of 27 in Paris. He is alleged to have died of a heroin overdose, but as no autopsy was performed, the exact cause of his death is still disputed.\nDue to his songwriting, voice, wild personality and performances, he is regarded by critics and fans as one of the most iconic and influential frontmen in rock music history. He was also well known for improvising spoken word poetry passages while the band played live. Morrison was ranked number 47 on Rolling Stone's list of the \"100 Greatest Singers of All Time\", and number 22 on Classic Rock Magazine's \"50 Greatest Singers In Rock\". Morrison was known as the self-proclaimed \"King of Orgasmic Rock\".
/m/096gm	Bucharest is the capital municipality, cultural, industrial, and financial centre of Romania. It is the largest city in Romania, located in the southeast of the country, at 44°25′57″N 26°06′14″E﻿ / ﻿44.43250°N 26.10389°E, lies on the banks of the Dâmbovița River, less than 70 kilometres north of the Danube River.\nBucharest was first mentioned in documents in 1459. It became the capital of Romania in 1862 and is the centre of Romanian media, culture and art. Its architecture is a mix of historical, interbellum, Communist-era and modern. In the period between the two World Wars, the city's elegant architecture and the sophistication of its elite earned Bucharest the nickname of \"Little Paris\". Although buildings and districts in the historic city centre were heavily damaged or destroyed by war, earthquakes, and above all Nicolae Ceauşescu's program of systematization, many survived. In recent years, the city has been experiencing an economic and cultural boom.\nAccording to 2011 census, 1,883,425 inhabitants live within the city limits, a decrease from the figure recorded at the 2002 census. The urban area extends beyond the limits of Bucharest proper and has a population of about 1.9 million people. Adding the satellite towns around the urban area, the proposed metropolitan area of Bucharest would have a population of 2.27 million people. According to Eurostat, Bucharest has a Larger Urban Zone of 2,151,880 residents. According to unofficial data, the population is more than 3 million. Bucharest is the 6th largest city in the European Union by population within city limits, after London, Berlin, Madrid, Rome, and Paris.
/m/032clf	Dirty Dancing is a 1987 American romantic drama film. Written by Eleanor Bergstein and directed by Emile Ardolino, the film stars Patrick Swayze and Jennifer Grey in the lead roles, as well as Cynthia Rhodes and Jerry Orbach. The story is a coming of age drama that documents a teenage girl's coming of age through a relationship with a dance instructor whom she encounters during her family's summer vacation.\nOriginally a low-budget film by a new studio, Great American Films Limited Partnership, and with no major stars, Dirty Dancing became a massive box office hit. As of 2009, it had earned over $214 million worldwide. It was the first film to sell more than a million copies on home video, and the Dirty Dancing soundtrack created by Jimmy Ienner generated two multi-platinum albums and multiple singles, including \" The Time of My Life\", which won both the Golden Globe and Academy Award for Best Original Song, and a Grammy Award for best duet. The film spawned a 2004 reboot, Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights, as well as a stage version which has had sellout performances in Australia, Europe, and North America, with plans to open on Broadway.
/m/0bvls5	Mahesh Manjrekar is a film director, screenwriter and actor.
/m/0hfml	Edwin Eugene \"Buzz\" Aldrin, Jr. is a former American astronaut, and the second person to walk on the Moon. He was the lunar module pilot on Apollo 11, the first manned lunar landing in history. He set foot on the Moon at 03:15:16 on July 21, 1969, following mission commander Neil Armstrong. He is also a retired United States Air Force pilot.
/m/0571m	Mulholland Drive is a 2001 American neo-noir film, written and directed by David Lynch and starring Naomi Watts, Laura Harring, and Justin Theroux. It tells the story of an aspiring actress named Betty Elms, newly arrived in Los Angeles, California, who meets and befriends an amnesiac hiding in an apartment that belongs to Elms's aunt. The story includes several other seemingly unrelated vignettes that eventually connect in various ways, as well as some surreal scenes and images that relate to the cryptic narrative.\nOriginally conceived as a television pilot, a large portion of the film was shot in 1999 with Lynch's plan to keep it open-ended for a potential series. After viewing Lynch's version, however, television executives decided to reject it. Lynch then provided an ending to the project, making it a feature film. The half-pilot, half-feature result, along with Lynch's characteristic style, has left the general meaning of the movie's events open to interpretation. Lynch has declined to offer an explanation of his intentions for the narrative, leaving audiences, critics and cast members to speculate on what transpires.\nCategorized as a psychological thriller, the film was highly acclaimed by many critics and earned Lynch the Prix de la mise en scène at the 2001 Cannes Film Festival, as well as an Oscar nomination for Best Director. Mulholland Drive launched the careers of Watts and Harring and was the last feature film to star veteran Hollywood actress Ann Miller. The film is widely regarded as one of Lynch's finest works, alongside Eraserhead and Blue Velvet, and it was chosen by many critics as representative of a significant perspective of the 2000s. A. O. Scott of The New York Times writes that while some might consider the plot an \"offense against narrative order ... the film is an intoxicating liberation from sense, with moments of feeling all the more powerful for seeming to emerge from the murky night world of the unconscious.\"
/m/01gp_x	Chris Carter is an American television and film producer, director and writer. Born in Bellflower, California, Carter graduated with a degree in journalism from California State University, Long Beach before spending thirteen years working for Surfing Magazine. After beginning his television career working on television films for Walt Disney Studios, Carter rose to fame in the early 1990s after creating the science fiction television series The X-Files for the Fox network. The X-Files earned high viewership ratings, and led to Carter being able to negotiate the creation of future series.\nCarter went on to create three more series for the network—Millennium, a doomsday-themed series which met with critical approval and low viewer numbers; Harsh Realm, which was canceled after three episodes had aired; and The Lone Gunmen, a spin-off of The X-Files which lasted for a single season. Carter's film roles include writing both of The X-Files' cinematic spin-offs—1998's successful The X-Files and the poorly received 2008 follow-up The X-Files: I Want to Believe, the latter of which he also directed—while his television credits have earned him several accolades including eight Primetime Emmy Award nominations.
/m/0586wl	Danubio Fútbol Club is a Uruguayan association football club based in Montevideo.
/m/01vqrm	Atom Egoyan, OC is a critically acclaimed Canadian stage director and film director. Egoyan made his career breakthrough with Exotica.\nEgoyan was born to Armenian parents in Egypt. His family moved to Canada when he was two years old. His work often explores themes of alienation and isolation, featuring characters whose interactions are mediated through technology, bureaucracy or other power structures. Egoyan's films often follow non-linear plot-structures, in which events are placed out of sequence in order to elicit specific emotional reactions from the audience by withholding key information.\nHis most critically acclaimed film is The Sweet Hereafter, and his biggest commercial success is Chloe. Egoyan has been nominated for two Academy Awards: Best Director and Best Adapted Screenplay, both for The Sweet Hereafter. He also won several awards at Cannes Film Festival, Toronto International Film Festival and Genie Awards. In 2008 Egoyan received the Dan David Prize for \"Creative Rendering of the Past\".
/m/0nbfm	Marylebone is an affluent inner-city area of central London, located within the City of Westminster. It is sometimes written as St. Marylebone.\nMarylebone is in an area of London that can be roughly defined as bounded by Oxford Street to the south, Marylebone Road to the north, Edgware Road to the west and Great Portland Street to the east. A broader definition designates the historic area as Marylebone Village and encompasses neighbouring Regent's Park, Baker Street and the area immediately north of Marylebone Road, containing Marylebone Station, the original site of the Marylebone Cricket Club at Dorset Square, and the neighbourhood known as Lisson Grove to the border with St John's Wood. The area east of Great Portland Street up to Cleveland Street, known as Fitzrovia since the 1940s, is considered historically to be East Marylebone.\nToday the area is host to many medical and dental offices, traditionally concentrated in Harley Street.
/m/015qq1	Paul Edward Winfield was an American television, film and stage actor. He was known for his portrayal of a Louisiana sharecropper who struggles to support his family during the Great Depression in the landmark film Sounder, which earned him an Academy Award nomination. Winfield portrayed Captain Clark Terrell of the Starship Reliant in Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan, and he also portrayed Martin Luther King, Jr. in the 1978 television miniseries King, for which he was nominated for an Emmy Award.
/m/01t110	Michelle Jacquet DeSevren Branch is an American singer-songwriter and guitarist. During the early 2000s, she released two top-selling albums, The Spirit Room and Hotel Paper. She won a Grammy with Santana for \"The Game of Love\".\nIn 2005, she formed the country music duo The Wreckers with friend and fellow musician Jessica Harp, and produced the Grammy-nominated single \"Leave the Pieces\". The Wreckers disbanded in 2007 to pursue their respective solo careers.
/m/01f_mw	Orion Pictures Corporation is an American independent production company that produced films from 1978 until 1998, and returned to full television production in 2013. It was formed in 1978 as a joint venture between Warner Bros. and three former top-level executives of United Artists. Although it was never a large motion picture producer, Orion achieved a comparatively high reputation for Hollywood quality. Woody Allen, James Cameron, Jonathan Demme, Oliver Stone, and several other prominent directors worked with Orion during its most successful years from 1978 to 1992. Of the films distributed by Orion, four won Academy Awards for Best Picture: Amadeus, Platoon, Dances with Wolves, and The Silence of the Lambs.
/m/049bmk	Associazione Sportiva Livorno Calcio is an Italian football club based in Livorno, Tuscany. The club was formed in 1915 and currently plays in Italian Serie A. The team's colors are dark red or maroon. The best placement in Italian Serie A was second place in 1942–43 season, during which the amaranto gave life to a head-to-head competition with Torino. The team play their home matches at the 18,200 seater Stadio Armando Picchi.
/m/07t90	University of Washington, commonly referred to as Washington or informally UDub, is a public research university in Seattle, Washington, United States. Founded in 1861, UW is one of the oldest universities on the West Coast and has one of the best medical schools in the world. UW has been labeled one of the \"Public Ivies,\" a publicly funded university considered as providing a quality of education comparable to those of the Ivy League.\nThe university has three campuses: the largest in the University District and two others in Tacoma and Bothell. Its operating expenses and research budget for fiscal year 2012 totaled more than US$ 7.2 billion. The UW occupies over 500 buildings, with over 20 million gross square footage of space, including the latest University of Washington Plaza consisting of the 325 ft UW Tower and conference center.\nWashington is an elected member of the Association of American Universities, and its research budget is among the highest in the United States. In athletics, the university competes in the NCAA Division I Pacific-12 Conference.
/m/01gp_d	Finnish is the language spoken by the majority of the population in Finland and by ethnic Finns outside Finland. It is one of the two official languages of Finland and an official minority language in Sweden. In Sweden, both standard Finnish and Meänkieli, a Finnish dialect, are spoken. The Kven language, a dialect of Finnish, is spoken in Northern Norway.\nFinnish is the eponymous member of the Finnic language family and is typologically between fusional and agglutinative languages. It modifies and inflects nouns, adjectives, pronouns, numerals and verbs, depending on their roles in the sentence.
/m/0gw2w	Modena is a city and comune on the south side of the Po Valley, in the Province of Modena in the Emilia-Romagna region of Italy.\nAn ancient town, it is the seat of an archbishop, but is now known as \"the capital of engines\", since the factories of the famous Italian sports car makers Ferrari, De Tomaso, Lamborghini, Pagani and Maserati are, or were, located here and all, except Lamborghini, have headquarters in the city or nearby. Lamborghini is headquartered not far away in Sant'Agata Bolognese, in the adjacent Province of Bologna. One of Ferrari's cars, the 360 Modena, was named after the town itself. One of the colors for Ferraris is Modena yellow.\nThe University of Modena, founded in 1175 and expanded by Francesco II d'Este in 1686, has traditional strengths in economics, medicine and law and is the second oldest athenaeum in Italy, sixth in the whole world. Italian officers are trained at the Italian Military Academy, located in Modena, and partly housed in the Baroque Ducal Palace. The Biblioteca Estense houses historical volumes and 3,000 manuscripts.\nModena is well known in culinary circles for its production of balsamic vinegar and also for its Military Academy, Italy's \"West Point\", which is housed in the Ducal Palace.
/m/05dxl5	Andrea Lauren Bowen is an American actress who is known for playing Julie Mayer on Desperate Housewives. She has won two SAG Awards.
/m/0d8r8	Lille is the largest city in French Flanders. It is the principal city of the Lille Métropole, the fourth-largest metropolitan area in France after those of Paris, Lyon and Marseille. Lille is situated on the Deûle River, near France's border with Belgium. It is the capital of the Nord-Pas de Calais region and the prefecture of the Nord department.\nThe city of Lille, to which the previously independent town of Lomme was annexed on 27 February 2000, had a population of 226,827 as recorded by the 2009 census. However, Lille Métropole, which also includes Roubaix, Tourcoing and numerous suburban communities, had a population of 1,091,438. The eurodistrict of Lille-Kortrijk, which also includes the Belgian cities of Kortrijk, Tournai, Mouscron and Ypres, had 1,905,000 residents.
/m/0154fs	Brampton is a Canadian city in Southern Ontario, Canada. It is a suburban city in the Greater Toronto Area and the seat of Peel Region. As of the 2011 census, Brampton's population was 523,911.\nBrampton was incorporated as a village in 1853, taking its name from the rural town of Brampton, in Cumbria, England. The city was once known as The Flower Town of Canada, a title based on its large greenhouse industry. Today, Brampton's major economic sectors include advanced manufacturing, retail administration and logistics, information and communication technologies, food and beverage, life sciences and business services.
/m/0214st	Interactive television is a form of media convergence, adding data services to traditional television technology. Throughout its history, these have included on-demand delivery of content, as well as new uses such as online shopping, banking, and so forth. Interactive TV is a concrete example of how new information technology can be integrated vertically rather than laterally.
/m/05cx7x	David Krumholtz is an American actor, known for playing Charlie Eppes in the CBS drama series Numbers. He appeared as Seth Goldstein in Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle and its two sequels, Harold & Kumar Escape from Guantanamo Bay and A Very Harold & Kumar 3D Christmas. He is also known for his role as Bernard the Arch-Elf in The Santa Clause and its sequel, The Santa Clause 2. Additionally, he is known for his role as Mr. Universe in the 2005 film Serenity. He also played Michael, the AV geek, in 10 Things I Hate About You.
/m/0zlgm	Reading; Pennsylvania Dutch: Reddin is a city in southeastern Pennsylvania, United States, and the seat of Berks County. It is the principal city of the Greater Reading Area. Reading had a population of 88,082 as of the 2010 census, making it the fifth most populated city in the state – after Philadelphia, Pittsburgh, Allentown and Erie – and the fifth most-populous municipality. According to the 2010 census, Reading has the highest share of citizens living in poverty in the nation.\nThe city lent its name to the now-defunct Reading Railroad, which transported anthracite coal from the Pennsylvania Coal Region to the eastern United States via the Port of Philadelphia. Reading Railroad is one of the four railroad properties in the classic United States version of the Monopoly board game.\nReading was one of the first localities where outlet shopping became a tourist industry. It has been known as \"The Pretzel City\" because of numerous local pretzel bakeries. Currently, Bachman, Dieffenbach, and Unique Pretzel bakeries call the Reading area home.
/m/0kcc7	A movie theater or movie theatre is a venue, usually a building, for viewing movies.\nMost but not all movie theaters are commercial operations catering to the general public, who attend by purchasing a ticket. The movie is projected with a movie projector onto a large projection screen at the front of the auditorium. Most movie theaters are now equipped for digital cinema projection, removing the need to create and transport a physical film print.
/m/09c7b	The Metropolitan Museum of Art, located in New York City, is the largest art museum in the United States, and one of the ten largest in the world, with the most significant art collections. Its permanent collection contains more than two million works, divided among seventeen curatorial departments. The main building, located on the eastern edge of Central Park along Manhattan's Museum Mile, is by area one of the world's largest art galleries. There is also a much smaller second location at \"The Cloisters\" in Upper Manhattan that features medieval art.\nRepresented in the permanent collection are works of art from classical antiquity and Ancient Egypt, paintings and sculptures from nearly all the European masters, and an extensive collection of American and modern art. The Met also maintains extensive holdings of African, Asian, Oceanic, Byzantine, and Islamic art. The museum is also home to encyclopedic collections of musical instruments, costumes and accessories, and antique weapons and armor from around the world. Several notable interiors, ranging from 1st-century Rome through modern American design, are permanently installed in the Met's galleries.\nThe Metropolitan Museum of Art was founded in 1870 by a group of American citizens. The founders included businessmen and financiers, as well as leading artists and thinkers of the day, who wanted to open a museum to bring art and art education to the American people. It opened on February 20, 1872, and was originally located at 681 Fifth Avenue.²
/m/03lq43	Jennifer Esposito is an American actress, dancer and model, known for her appearances in films such as I Still Know What You Did Last Summer, Summer of Sam and Crash, and in television series such as Spin City, The Looney Tunes Show, Samantha Who?, and Blue Bloods.
/m/03hf_rm	Strategy video games is a video game genre that emphasizes skillful thinking and planning to achieve victory. They emphasize strategic, tactical, and sometimes logistical challenges. Many games also offer economic challenges and exploration.\nThey are generally categorized into four sub-types, depending on whether the game is turn-based or real-time, and whether the game focuses on strategy or tactics.
/m/01m1zk	Stamford is a city in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States. According to the 2010 census, the population of the city is 122,643. As of July 1, 2012, according to the Census Bureau, the population of Stamford had risen to 125,109, making it the third largest city in the state and the seventh largest city in New England. Approximately 30 miles from Manhattan, Stamford is in the Bridgeport-Stamford-Norwalk Metro area which is a part of the Greater New York metropolitan area.\nStamford is home to four Fortune 500 Companies, nine Fortune 1000 Companies, and 13 Courant 100 Companies, as well as numerous divisions of large corporations. This gives Stamford the largest financial district in New York Metro outside New York City itself and one of the largest concentrations of corporations in the nation.
/m/08y7b9	Satish Ravilal Shah is a Hindi and Marathi film and television actor best known for his comedy films. He is perhaps best known for his roles in the ever popular 80's sitcom Yeh Jo Hai Zindagi directed by Kundan Shah and Manjul Sinha. He is famous for playing the role of Municipal Commissioner D'Mello in the cult 1983 movie Jaane Bhi Do Yaaro directed by Kundan Shah. Considered to be primarily a comedian, he has portrayed various roles in his career throughout the 80s, 90s & 2000s, starting with his first movie \"Arvind Desai Ki Ajeeb Dastaan\" and \"Toofani Takkar\" released in 1978. Apart from his successful career in Bollywood, he has also appeared in television shows such as Sarabhai vs Sarabhai and also judged the popular Comedy Circus laughter contest.
/m/0l14gg	A soundtrack can be recorded music accompanying and synchronized to the images of a motion picture, book, television program or video game; a commercially released soundtrack album of music as featured in the soundtrack of a film or TV show; or the physical area of a film that contains the synchronized recorded sound.
/m/0fxky3	Alec Berg is an American comedy writer, best known as a writer for the sitcom Seinfeld. He also co-wrote the screenplays for the films The Cat in the Hat, EuroTrip, and The Dictator. In addition, Berg is an executive producer of and directed numerous episodes of Larry David's Curb Your Enthusiasm.\nIn the Seinfeld episode \"The Face Painter\", Berg's name is given to an attorney friend of Jerry's who gives Jerry some New York Rangers playoff tickets. When Jerry fails to thank Berg's character for the tickets, Berg does not offer Jerry tickets for another game that week. In that episode, Jerry jokes that Berg has a great \"John Houseman name\", pronouncing it jokingly in a Houseman accent.\nBerg is a Swedish-American.\nIn the Season 8 Curb Your Enthusiasm episode \"The Divorce,\" Larry David fires his divorce attorney Andrew Berg after he finds out that Berg is not Jewish, but instead is a Catholic of Swedish heritage. The character was based on Alec Berg.
/m/0509bl	Julia Karin Ormond is an English actress. She rose to prominence appearing in such films as Legends of the Fall, First Knight, Sabrina and The Barber of Siberia. She won a Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Miniseries or a Movie for her role in the HBO movie Temple Grandin.
/m/01ck6v	The Grammy Award for Best Solo Rock Vocal Performance was an award presented at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards, to recording artists for works containing quality vocal performances in the rock music genre. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position\".\nOriginally called the Grammy Award for Best Rock Vocal Performance, Solo, the award was first presented to Bruce Springsteen in 1988 for the album Tunnel of Love. Since then, the award was presented in 1992 and 1994, and has been awarded each year since 2005. Beginning with the 2005 ceremony, the name of the award was changed to Best Solo Rock Vocal Performance. For these years, the award combined and replaced the gender-specific awards for Best Male Rock Vocal Performance and Best Female Rock Vocal Performance. This fusion has been criticized, especially when females are not nominated under the solo category. The Academy has cited a lack of eligible recordings in the female rock category as the reason for the mergers.
/m/04h4c9	A Very Long Engagement is a 2004 French romantic war film, co-written and directed by Jean-Pierre Jeunet and starring Audrey Tautou. It is a fictional tale about a young woman's desperate search for her fiancé who might have been killed in the Battle of the Somme, during World War I. It was based on a novel of the same name, written by Sebastien Japrisot, first published in 1991.
/m/0ff2k	Roald Dahl was a British novelist, short story writer, poet, fighter pilot and screenwriter.\nBorn in Wales to Norwegian parents, Dahl served in the Royal Air Force during World War II, in which he became a flying ace and intelligence officer, rising to the rank of Acting wing commander. He rose to prominence in the 1940s with works for both children and adults and became one of the world's best-selling authors. He has been referred to as \"one of the greatest storytellers for children of the 20th century\". In 2008 The Times placed Dahl 16th on its list of \"The 50 greatest British writers since 1945\". His short stories are known for their unexpected endings and his children's books for their unsentimental, often very dark humour.\nDahl's works include James and the Giant Peach, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, Matilda, The Witches, Fantastic Mr Fox, The Twits, George's Marvellous Medicine and The BFG.
/m/02f6s3	Walter Brennan was an American actor. Brennan is one of three men to win three acting Oscars, having won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor in 1936, 1938 and 1940.
/m/01vrz41	Sir Elton Hercules John CBE is an English singer-songwriter, composer, pianist, record producer, and occasional actor. He has worked with lyricist Bernie Taupin as his songwriter partner since 1967; they have collaborated on more than 30 albums to date.\nIn his five-decade career John has sold more than 300 million records, making him one of the best-selling music artists in the world. He has more than fifty Top 40 hits, including seven consecutive No. 1 US albums, fifty-eight Billboard Top 40 singles, twenty-seven Top 10, four No. 2 and nine No. 1. For 31 consecutive years he has had at least one song in the Billboard Hot 100. He has the most No. 1 hits on US Adult Contemporary Chart. His single \"Candle in the Wind 1997\" sold over 33 million copies worldwide and is \"the best-selling single of all time\". He has received six Grammy Awards, five Brit Awards – winning two awards for Outstanding Contribution to Music and the first Brits Icon in 2013, an Academy Award, a Golden Globe Award, a Tony Award, a Disney Legend award, and the Kennedy Center Honors in 2004. In 2004, Rolling Stone ranked him Number 49 on its list of 100 influential musicians of the rock and roll era. In 2008, Billboard ranked him the most successful male solo artist on \"The Billboard Hot 100 Top All-Time Artists\".
/m/0frmb1	John Earl Madden is a former American football player in the National Football League, a former Super Bowl-winning head coach with the Oakland Raiders in the American Football League and later the NFL, and a former color commentator for NFL telecasts. In 2006, he was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in recognition of his coaching career. He is also widely known for the long-running Madden NFL video game series he has endorsed and fronted since 1988. Madden broadcast with Pat Summerall in the 1980s and 1990s, on CBS and later Fox. He was also the last color commentator for ABC's Monday Night Football, teaming with Al Michaels, before it moved to ESPN in 2006. His last regular role was as a commentator for NBC's Sunday Night Football, also with Michaels. During his career, he worked as the main color commentator for all four major networks.\nMadden has also written several books and has served as a commercial pitchman for various products and retailers. He retired from broadcasting on April 16, 2009 in order to spend more time with his family.
/m/0373qg	University College Cork – National University of Ireland, Cork is a constituent university of the National University of Ireland. The university is located in Cork.\nThe university was founded in 1845 as one of three Queen’s Colleges located in Belfast, Cork, and Galway. It became University College, Cork, under the Irish Universities Act of 1908. The Universities Act 1997 renamed the university as National University of Ireland, Cork, and a Ministerial Order of 1998 renamed the university as University College Cork – National University of Ireland, Cork, though it continues to be almost universally known as University College Cork.\nThe university was named Irish University of the Year by the Sunday Times in 2003, 2005, and 2011. In 2011, the QS World University Rankings ranked the university amongst the top 2% of universities worldwide. The university also received a 5-star rating in the QS University Rankings 2011. Also in 2011, University College Cork became the first university worldwide to achieve the ISO 50001 standard in energy management. Moreover, UCC ranks 4th worldwide in terms of food research. Dr.Michael B. Murphy has been president of the university since February 2007.
/m/01c9x	The Labour Party is a centre-left political party in the United Kingdom. It has been described as a broad church, containing a diversity of ideological trends from strongly socialist, to more moderately social democratic. Founded in 1900, the Labour Party overtook the Liberal Party in general elections during the early 1920s and formed minority governments under Ramsay MacDonald in 1924 and 1929–1931. The party was in a wartime coalition from 1940 to 1945, after which it formed a majority government under Clement Attlee. Labour was also in government from 1964 to 1970 under Harold Wilson and from 1974 to 1979, first under Wilson and then James Callaghan.\nThe Labour Party was last in national government between 1997 and 2010 under Tony Blair and Gordon Brown, beginning with a landslide majority of 179, reduced to 167 in 2001 and 66 in 2005. Having won 258 seats in the 2010 general election, the party currently forms the Official Opposition in the Parliament of the United Kingdom. Labour has a minority government in the Welsh Assembly, is the main opposition party in the Scottish Parliament and has 13 MEPs in the European Parliament, sitting in the Socialists and Democrats group. The Labour Party is a full member of the Party of European Socialists and Progressive Alliance, and continues to hold observer status in the Socialist International. The current leader of the party is Ed Miliband MP.
/m/034bgm	Christopher John \"Chris\" Weitz is an American producer, writer, director and actor. He is best known for his work with his brother, Paul Weitz, on the comedy films American Pie and About a Boy, as well as directing the film adaptation of the novel The Golden Compass and the film adaptation of New Moon from the series of Twilight books. His most recent film is A Better Life.
/m/065zf3p	RasenBallsport Leipzig e. V., commonly known as RB Leipzig, is a German association football club based in Leipzig, Saxony. The club is supported by energy drink-maker Red Bull who purchased the license of fifth division side SSV Markranstädt with the intention of advancing the re-modeled club to the top-flight Bundesliga within ten years. RB Leipzig's stadium is the Red Bull Arena. In their inaugural season, RB dominated the NOFV-Oberliga Süd in 2009–10 and as a result were promoted as champions to the Regionalliga Nord for the 2010–2011 season. In the 2012-13 campaign, RB won that league without conceding a defeat and was promoted to the 3. Liga.
/m/01c9d	Barry Lyndon is a 1975 British-American period drama film written, produced and directed by Stanley Kubrick. It stars Ryan O'Neal, Marisa Berenson, Patrick Magee and Hardy Krüger. The film is based on the 1844 novel The Luck of Barry Lyndon by William Makepeace Thackeray which recounts the exploits of a fictional 18th-century Irish adventurer. Most of the exteriors were shot on location in Ireland. At the 1975 Academy Awards, the film won four Oscars in production categories.\nThe film, which had a modest commercial success and a mixed critical reception on initial release, is now regarded as one of Kubrick's finest films. In numerous polls, such as Village Voice, Sight and Sound, and Time magazine, it has been rated one of the greatest films ever made. Director Martin Scorsese has cited Barry Lyndon as his favorite Kubrick film. Quotations from its script have also appeared in such disparate works as Ridley Scott's The Duellists, Scorsese's The Age of Innocence, Wes Anderson's Rushmore and Lars von Trier's Dogville.
/m/01rrwf6	William Richard \"Billy\" West is an American voice actor, singer and comedian best known for his voice-work in a number of television shows, films and commercials. He has done hundreds of voice-overs in his career such as Ren Höek and Stimpson J. Cat on The Ren & Stimpy Show, Doug Funnie, Porkchop, Roger Klotz on Doug, Philip J. Fry, Professor Farnsworth, Dr. Zoidberg and a number of others on Futurama. He also does voices for commercials and is the current voice of the red M&M and Buzz, the Honey Nut Cheerios Bee. In addition to his original voices, he has also voiced Bugs Bunny, Elmer Fudd, Shaggy Rogers, Popeye, and Woody Woodpecker during later renditions of the respective characters. He was also a cast member on The Howard Stern Show.
/m/015h31	An animator is an artist who creates multiple images that give an illusion of movement called animation when displayed in rapid sequence; the images are called frames and key frames. Animators can work in a variety of fields including film, television, and video games. Usually, an animation piece requires the collaboration of several animators. The methods of creating the images or frames for an animation piece depends on the animators' artistic styles and their field.\nOther artists who contribute to animated cartoons, but who are not animators, include layout artists, storyboard artists, and background artists. Moreover, voice actors and musicians, among other talent, may be added as necessary to give the animation additional depth.
/m/01gt7	The Boeing 747 is a wide-body commercial airliner and cargo transport aircraft, often referred to by its original nickname, Jumbo Jet, or Queen of the Skies. It is among the world's most recognizable aircraft and was the first wide-body ever produced. Manufactured by Boeing's Commercial Airplane unit in the United States, the original version of the 747 was two and a half times larger in capacity than the Boeing 707, one of the common large commercial aircraft of the 1960s. First flown commercially in 1970, the 747 held the passenger capacity record for 37 years.\nThe four-engine 747 uses a double deck configuration for part of its length. It is available in passenger, freighter and other versions. Boeing designed the 747's hump-like upper deck to serve as a first class lounge or extra seating, and to allow the aircraft to be easily converted to a cargo carrier by removing seats and installing a front cargo door. Boeing did so because the company expected supersonic airliners to render the 747 and other subsonic airliners obsolete, while the demand for subsonic cargo aircraft would be robust well into the future. The 747 was expected to become obsolete after 400 were sold, but it exceeded critics' expectations with production passing the 1,000 mark in 1993. By December 2013, 1,482 aircraft had been built, with 55 of the 747-8 variants remaining on order.
/m/055z7	Mattel, Inc. is an American toy manufacturing company founded in 1945 with headquarters in El Segundo, California. In 2010, it ranked #387 on the Fortune 500. The products and brands it produces include Fisher-Price, Barbie dolls, Monster High dolls, Hot Wheels and Matchbox toys, Masters of the Universe, American Girl dolls, board games, WWE Toys, and early-1980s video game systems.\nThe company's name is derived from Harold \"Matt\" Matson and Elliot Handler, who founded the company in 1945.
/m/0373qt	University College Dublin, formally known as University College Dublin – National University of Ireland, Dublin is Ireland's largest university, with over 1,300 faculty and 30,000 students. It is located in Dublin, the Irish capital.\nThe university originates in a body founded in 1854 as the Catholic University of Ireland with John Henry Newman as the first rector, re-formed in 1880 and chartered in its own right in 1908. The Universities Act, 1997 renamed the constituent university as the \"National University of Ireland, Dublin\", and a ministerial order of 1998 renamed the institution as \"University College Dublin - National University of Ireland, Dublin\".\nOriginally located in the centre of the metropolis, most of the university's faculties have since been relocated to a 148 hectares park campus at Belfield, four kilometres to the south of the city.
/m/03z5xd	The Ninety-fifth United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, composed of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, DC from January 3, 1977 to January 3, 1979, during the first two years of the administration of U.S. President Jimmy Carter.\nThe apportionment of seats in this House of Representatives was based on the Nineteenth Census of the United States in 1970. Both chambers had a Democratic majority. It was the first time either party held a filibuster-proof 60% super majority in both the Senate and House chambers since the 89th United States Congress in 1965, and last time until the 111th United States Congress in 2009. All three super majorities were Democratic party and also were accompanied by Democratic Presidents.
/m/03f0fp	In certain sports, such as football, field hockey, ice hockey, handball, rugby union, lacrosse and rugby league, the term winger is the name of a position. It refers to positions on the extreme left and right sides of the pitch. In American football and Canadian football, the analogous position is the wide receiver. Wingers often try to use pace to exploit extra space available on the flanks that can be made available by their team-mates dominating the centre ground. They must be wary however of not crossing the touchline and going out of play. In sports where the main method of scoring involves attacking a small goal in the centre of the field, a common tactic is to cross the ball to a central team-mate.
/m/07tf8	A university is an institution of higher education and research which grants academic degrees in a variety of subjects and provides both undergraduate education and postgraduate education. The word \"university\" is derived from the Latin universitas magistrorum et scholarium, which roughly means \"community of teachers and scholars.\"
/m/06zmg7m	Manobala is a Tamil director and comedian actor who predominantly plays supporting roles.\nManobala has directed 40 films, 16 television serials and 3 tele-films during his career as a director. As an actor, he had appeared in more than 175 films as of July 2009.
/m/0d8rs	Groningen is the northeasternmost province of the Netherlands. In the east it borders the German state of Niedersachsen, in the south Drenthe, in the west Friesland and in the north the Wadden Sea. In 2013, it had a population of 580,875 and a total area of 2,967 km².\nThe area was subsequently part of Frisia, the Frankish Empire, the Holy Roman Empire, and the Dutch Republic, which is the precursor state of the Netherlands. In the 14th century, the city of Groningen became a member of the Hanseatic League.\nThe capital of the province and the seat of the provincial government is the city of Groningen. Since 2007, Max van den Berg is the King's Commissioner in the province. A coalition of the Labour Party, People's Party for Freedom and Democracy, Democrats 66, and ChristianUnion forms the executive branch. The province is divided into 23 municipalities.\nThe land is mainly used for agriculture. There are sea ports in Delfzijl and Eemshaven. The Groningen gas field was discovered in 1959. It is home to the University of Groningen and Hanze University of Applied Sciences.
/m/0979zs	The Wurlitzer electric piano, trademarked the \"Electronic Piano\" and referred to by musicians as the \"Wurly,\" was one of a series of electromechanical stringless pianos manufactured and marketed by the Rudolph Wurlitzer Company of Corinth, Mississippi, U.S. and Tonawanda, New York. The earliest models were made in 1954 and the last model was made in 1984. Since then the Wurlitzer electric piano sound has been recreated on digital keyboards, and the vintage models are sought out by musicians and collectors.
/m/02c7k4	A Bug's Life is a 1998 American computer-animated comedy adventure film produced by Pixar Animation Studios. Directed by John Lasseter and co-directed by Andrew Stanton, the film involves a misfit ant, Flik, who is looking for \"tough warriors\" to save his colony from greedy grasshoppers. Flik recruits a group of bugs that turn out to be an inept circus troupe. Randy Newman composed the music for the film, which stars the voices of Dave Foley, Kevin Spacey, Julia Louis-Dreyfus, Hayden Panettiere, David Hyde Pierce, Joe Ranft, Denis Leary, Jonathan Harris, Madeline Kahn, Bonnie Hunt, Brad Garrett, and Mike McShane.\nThe film is a retelling of Aesop's fable The Ant and the Grasshopper. Production began shortly after the release of Toy Story in 1995. The screenplay was penned by Stanton and comedy writers Donald McEnery and Bob Shaw. The ants in the film were re-designed to be more appealing, and Pixar's animation unit employed new technical innovations in computer animation. During production, the filmmakers became embroiled in a public feud with DreamWorks due to a similar film, Antz.\nA Bug's Life was released to theaters on November 25, 1998 by Walt Disney Pictures and was a box office success, surpassing competition and grossing $363,398,565 in receipts. The film received positive reviews from film critics, who commended the storyline and animation. The film has been released multiple times on home video.
/m/0106dv	Waco is a city in and the county seat of McLennan County, Texas, United States. It is situated along the Brazos River and I-35, halfway between Dallas and Austin. The city had a 2010 population of 124,805, making it the twenty-second most populous city in the state. The Waco Metropolitan Statistical Area consists of McLennan County, which had a 2010 population of 234,906.
/m/082wbh	Club Libertad is a sports club based in the District Tuyucuá of the city of Asunción, capital of Paraguay. It was founded on July 30, 1905 and currently plays in the Paraguayan Primera División. The club is known as the \"Gumarelo\" or \"Repolleros\".\nLibertad have won fourteen national titles, they also participated of several editions of the Copa Libertadores and the Copa Sudamericana, reaching the semifinals of the Libertadores on two occasions in 1977 and 2006.
/m/080v2	The Vice President of the United States is the second highest public office created by the United States Constitution. The Vice President, together with the President of the United States, is indirectly elected by the people through the Electoral College to a four-year term of office. The Vice President is the first person in the presidential line of succession, and would ascend to the Presidency upon the death, resignation, or removal of the President.\nThe Vice President is also President of the United States Senate. In that capacity, he is allowed to vote in the Senate when necessary to break a tie. While Senate customs have created supermajority rules that have diminished this Constitutional power, the Vice President still retains the ability to influence legislation. Pursuant to the Twelfth Amendment, the Vice President presides over the joint session of Congress when it convenes to count the vote of the Electoral College.\nWhile the Vice President's only constitutionally prescribed functions aside from Presidential succession relate to his role as President of the Senate, the office is commonly viewed as a component of the executive branch of the federal government. The United States Constitution does not expressly assign the office to any one branch, causing a dispute amongst scholars whether it belongs to the executive branch, the legislative branch, or both. The modern view of the Vice President as a member of the executive branch is due in part to the assignment of executive duties to the Vice President by either the President or Congress, though such activities are only recent historical developments.
/m/01sby_	Battle Royale is a 2000 Japanese action thriller film adapted from the 1999 novel of the same name by Koushun Takami. It is the final film directed by Kinji Fukasaku, the screenplay written by his son Kenta, and stars Takeshi Kitano. The film tells the story of Shuya Nanahara, a high-school student struggling with the death of his father, who is forced by the government to compete in a deadly game where the students must kill each other in order to win. The film aroused both domestic and international controversy and was either banned outright or deliberately excluded from distribution in several countries.\nThe film was a mainstream domestic blockbuster, becoming one of the ten highest-grossing films in Japan, and was released in 22 countries worldwide. It received global audience and critical acclaim and is often regarded as one of Japan's most famous films, as well as one of Fukasaku's best films. Fukasaku started working on a sequel, Battle Royale II: Requiem, but he died of prostate cancer on January 12, 2003 after shooting only one scene with Takeshi Kitano. His son, Kenta Fukasaku, completed the film in 2003 and dedicated it to his father.
/m/02pzxlw	The Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series is an award presented annually by the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences and Academy of Television Arts & Sciences. It was first awarded at the 6th Daytime Emmy Awards in 1979 and is given to honor an actress who has delivered an outstanding performance in a supporting role while working within the daytime drama industry. The awards ceremony was not aired on television in 1983 and 1984, having been criticized for voting integrity. Following the introduction of a new category in 1985, Outstanding Younger Actress in a Drama Series, one criterion for this category was altered, requiring all actresses to be aged 26 or above.\nJulie Marie Berman is the 2013 recipient of the award for her portrayal for Lulu Spencer on General Hospital; the soap opera is the show with the most awarded actresses, with a total of eight. The award was first presented to Suzanne Rogers for her portrayal of Maggie Horton on Days of our Lives. In 1989, Nancy Lee Grahn and Debbi Morgan made Daytime Emmy Award history when they tied in this category. Julia Barr, Grahn and Gina Tognoni are the only actresses to have won the award twice. Heather Tom has the most nominations in this category, with a total of five.
/m/01w1ywm	Richard Hunt was an American puppeteer, best known as a Muppet performer. Hunt's Muppet roles included Scooter, Beaker, Janice, Statler, and Sweetums.
/m/0njpq	Genesee County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2010 census, the population was 425,790. The county seat and population center is Flint. It is the state's fifth most populous county.
/m/0r7fy	Modesto, officially the City of Modesto, is the county seat and largest city of Stanislaus County, California, United States. With a population of approximately 201,165 at the 2010 census, Modesto ranks as the 18th largest city in the state of California. The Modesto Census County Division, which includes the cities of Ceres and Riverbank, has a population of 312,842 as of 2010.\nModesto is located in the Central Valley area of Northern California, 90 miles north of Fresno, 92 miles east of San Francisco, 68 miles south of the state capital of Sacramento, 66 miles west of Yosemite National Park, and 24 miles south of Stockton. Modesto, a 29-time Tree City USA honoree, is surrounded by rich farmland, lending to a ranking for the county as 6th among all California counties in farm production. Led by milk, almonds, chickens, walnuts, and corn silage, the county grossed nearly $3.1 billion in agricultural production in 2011.\nModesto was immortalized in the 1973 George Lucas film American Graffiti. The award winning film captured the spirit of \"cruising\" and friendship on 10th and 11th Streets in 1962 and led to the revival of 1950s nostalgia that included the TV show Happy Days and the other spin-offs. Ron Howard, Harrison Ford and Richard Dreyfuss starred in the film. The soundtrack was a huge success. Director George Lucas is a native of Modesto, graduating from Downey High School in 1962.
/m/015g_7	Charles Patrick Ryan O'Neal, better known as Ryan O'Neal, is an American television and film actor.\nO'Neal trained as an amateur boxer before beginning his career in acting in 1960. In 1964, he landed the role of Rodney Harrington on the ABC nighttime soap opera Peyton Place. The series was an instant hit and boosted O'Neal's career. He later found success in films, most notably Love Story, for which he received Academy Award and Golden Globe nominations as Best Actor, Paper Moon, Stanley Kubrick's Barry Lyndon, and A Bridge Too Far. Since 2007, he has had a recurring role in the TV series Bones.\nO'Neal has been married twice and has four children. His eldest child, Tatum, is an Academy Award-winning actress. He was also in a long-term relationship with actress Farrah Fawcett from 1979 to 1997, and from 2001 until her death in 2009.
/m/05bl7j	At the conclusion of the NCAA men's and women's Division I basketball championships, the Associated Press selects a Most Outstanding Player. The MOP need not be, but almost always is a member of the Championship team, especially since the third place game was eliminated after 1981. The last man to win the award despite not being on the Championship team was Hakeem Olajuwon in 1983; the last woman to do so was Dawn Staley in 1991. Only one player has been selected as MOP despite not being on his or her team's starting lineup, Louisville's Luke Hancock in 2013. This award is not meant to be considered a Most Valuable Player award, although it is sometimes referred to as such.
/m/0tyql	New Bedford is a city in Bristol County, Massachusetts, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city had a total population of 95,072, making it the sixth-largest city in Massachusetts. New Bedford is nicknamed \"The Whaling City\" because during the 19th century, the city was one of the most important, if not the most important, of whaling and fishing ports in the world, along with Nantucket, Massachusetts and New London, Connecticut. The city, along with Fall River and Taunton, make up the three largest cities in the South Coast region of Massachusetts. The Greater Providence-Fall River-New Bedford area is home to the largest Portuguese-American community in the United States.
/m/02xzd9	The Kate Greenaway Medal is a British literary award that annually recognises \"distinguished illustration in a book for children\". It is conferred upon the illustrator by the Chartered Institute of Library and Information Professionals which inherited it from the Library Association.\nThe Medal is named after the 19th-century English illustrator of children's books Kate Greenaway. It was established in 1955 and inaugurated next year for 1955 publications, but no work was considered suitable. The first Medal was awarded in 1957 to Edward Ardizzone for Tim All Alone, which he also wrote. That first Medal was dated 1956. Only since 2007 the Medal is dated by its presentation during the year following publication. The Greenaway is a companion to the Carnegie Medal which recognises one outstanding work of writing for children and young adults.\nNominated books must be first published in the U.K. during the preceding school year, with English-language text if any.\nThe award by CILIP is a gold Medal and £500 worth of books donated to the illustrator's chosen library. Since 2000 there is also a £5000 cash prize from a bequest by the children's book collector Colin Mears.
/m/013n60	Amarillo is the fourteenth most populous city in the state of Texas, also the largest City in the Texas Panhandle, and the seat of Potter County. A portion of the city extends into Randall County. The population was 190,695 at the 2010 census. The Amarillo metropolitan area has an estimated population of 236,113 in four counties.\nAmarillo, originally named Oneida, is situated in the Llano Estacado region The availability of the railroad and freight service provided by the Fort Worth and Denver City Railroad contributed to the city's growth as a cattle marketing center in the late 19th century.\nThe city was once the self-proclaimed \"Helium Capital of the World\" for having one of the country's most productive helium fields. The city is also known as \"The Yellow Rose of Texas\", and most recently \"Rotor City, USA\" for its V-22 Osprey hybrid aircraft assembly plant. Amarillo operates one of the largest meat packing areas in the United States. Pantex, the only nuclear weapons assembly and disassembly facility in the country, is also a major employer. The attractions Cadillac Ranch and Big Texan Steak Ranch are located adjacent to Interstate 40. U.S. Highway 66 also passed through the city.
/m/03xpx0	The Miami metropolitan area is a metropolitan area including Miami, Florida and nearby communities. The U.S. Office of Management and Budget designates the area the Miami-Fort Lauderdale-West Palm Beach, FL Metropolitan Statistical Area, a Metropolitan Statistical Area used for statistical purposes by the United States Census Bureau and other entities. The OMB defines the MSA as comprising Miami-Dade, Broward, and Palm Beach counties—Florida's three most populous counties—with principal cities including Miami, Fort Lauderdale, Pompano Beach, West Palm Beach, and Boca Raton.\nWith 5,564,635 inhabitants as of the 2010 Census, the Miami metropolitan area is the most populous in Florida and in the Southeastern United States and the eighth-most populous in the United States. It is part of the South Florida region and is partially synonymous with the Gold Coast.\nBecause the population of South Florida is largely confined to a strip of land between the Atlantic Ocean and the Everglades, the Miami urbanized area is about 110 miles long, but never more than 20 miles wide, and in some areas only 5 miles wide. The MSA is longer than any other urbanized area in the United States except for the New York metropolitan area. It was the eighth most densely populated urbanized area in the United States in the 2000 census.²
/m/09nz_c	Frankie Russel Faison, often credited as Frankie R. Faison, is an American actor.
/m/0q9kd	Daniel Michael \"Danny\" DeVito, Jr. is an American actor, comedian, director, and producer. He first gained prominence for his portrayal of taxi dispatcher Louie De Palma on the ABC and NBC television series Taxi, for which he won a Golden Globe and an Emmy. He went on to become a major film star, known for his roles in films such as Terms of Endearment, Romancing the Stone, Twins, Batman Returns, Get Shorty, and L.A. Confidential, and for his voiceover work in films such as Space Jam, Hercules, and The Lorax.\nDeVito co-founded Jersey Films with Michael Shamberg. Soon afterwards, Stacey Sher became an equal partner. The production company is known for films such as Pulp Fiction, Garden State, and Freedom Writers. DeVito also owns Jersey Television, which produced the Comedy Central series Reno 911!. DeVito and wife Rhea Perlman starred together in his 1996 film Matilda, based on Roald Dahl's children's novel. He currently stars as Frank Reynolds on the FXX sitcom It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia. He also directs and produces graphic short horror films for his Internet venture The Blood Factory. He has appeared in several of them, as have friends of his and members of his family.
/m/03hvk2	Ohio Wesleyan University is a private liberal arts college in Delaware, Ohio, United States. It was founded in 1842 by Methodist leaders and Central Ohio residents as a nonsectarian institution, and is a member of the Ohio Five — a consortium of Ohio liberal arts colleges. Ohio Wesleyan has always admitted students irrespective of religion or race and maintained that the university \"is forever to be conducted on the most liberal principles.\" In this capacity, Ohio Wesleyan has espoused internationalism and community activism.\nThe 200-acre site is 27 miles north of Columbus, Ohio. It includes the main academic and residential campus, the Perkins Observatory, and the Kraus Wilderness Preserve.\nIn 2010, Ohio Wesleyan had the eleventh highest percentage of international students among liberal arts colleges for the seventeenth straight year. U.S. News & World Report ranked Ohio Wesleyan in tier 1 among U.S. liberal arts colleges in its 2010 edition. Notable alumni include former U.S. Vice President Charles W. Fairbanks, First Lady Lucy Webb Hayes, theologian and author Norman Vincent Peale, baseball executive Branch Rickey, and Nobel Laureate Frank Sherwood Rowland.
/m/0mwyq	Blair County is a county located in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of 2010, the population was 127,089. Its county seat is Hollidaysburg. It was created on February 26, 1846, from parts of Huntingdon and Bedford Counties. It is part of the Altoona, Pennsylvania Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/022wxh	Todd Haynes is an American independent film director and screenwriter. He is best known for his feature films Superstar: The Karen Carpenter Story, Poison, Velvet Goldmine, Safe, and the Academy Award-nominated Far from Heaven and I'm Not There.
/m/025czw	Wrexham Football Club is a Welsh football club based in Wrexham, Wales. Formed in 1864, they are the oldest club in Wales and the third oldest professional football team in the world.\nThe club will spend their sixth season in the Conference Premier in 2013–14, the fifth tier of English football – the lowest level of competition that they have played in, since they were first elected to the football league in 1921, following their relegation from Football League Two at the end of the 2007–08 season after 87 years of consecutive membership of The Football League. Wrexham are perhaps most notable for an FA Cup upset over reigning English Champions Arsenal in 1992 and a 1–0 victory over Portuguese giants FC Porto in 1984 in the European Cup Winners' Cup, Wrexham were eligible for the Cup Winners' Cup due to winning the Welsh Cup, their first European tie was against FC Zürich of Switzerland in 1972 and their final European fixture was played in Romania against Petrolul Ploiești in 1995.\nWrexham's honours include winning the Third Division title in 1977-8, the Welsh Cup a record 23 times, the Football League Trophy in 2005 at the Millennium Stadium and the FA Trophy in 2013 at Wembley Stadium. Wrexham are also record winners of the short-lived FAW Premier Cup, winning it five times out of the 11 years of its tenure, participating against fellow Welsh clubs such as; Cardiff City, Swansea City and Newport County.
/m/016dmx	Colin Henry Wilson was a prolific English writer who first came to prominence as a philosopher and novelist. He also wrote widely on true crime, mysticism and the paranormal. Wilson called his philosophy \"new existentialism\" or \"phenomenological existentialism\".
/m/0ccqd7	Frederick \"Fred\" Tatasciore is an American voice actor.
/m/01hl_w	The University of Western Australia was established by an act of the Western Australian Parliament in February 1911, and began teaching students for the first time in 1913. It is the oldest university in the state of Western Australia and the only university in the state to be a member of the Group of Eight, as well as the sandstone universities.\nUWA was established under and is governed by the University of Western Australia Act 1911. The Act provides for control and management by the university's Senate, and gives it the authority, amongst other things, to make statutes, regulations and by-laws, details of which are contained in the university Calendar.\nOne of Australia's best and most prestigious universities, UWA is highly ranked internationally in various publications; the 2011 QS World University Rankings placed UWA at 79th internationally. To date, UWA has produced 99 Rhodes Scholars and a Nobel Prize winner. UWA recently joined the Matariki Network of Universities as the youngest member, the only one established during the 20th century.
/m/04cw0j	Roger Stuart Berlind is a New York City theatrical producer and director of Lehman Brothers Holdings, Inc. and Lehman Brothers Inc. He was one of the founders of Carter, Berlind, Potoma & Weill in 1960, a company that would later through Sandy Weill become Shearson Loeb Rhoades, which was eventually sold to American Express in 1981 for approximately $930 million in stock.
/m/016_rm	West Coast hip hop is a hip hop music subgenre that encompasses any artists or music that originates in the Western United States region of the United States. The gangsta rap subgenre of West Coast hip hop began to dominate from a radio play and sales standpoint during the early 1990s with the birth of G-funk and the emergence of Suge Knight's Death Row Records.
/m/01t6b	In computing, C is a general-purpose programming language initially developed by Dennis Ritchie between 1969 and 1973 at AT&T Bell Labs. Like most imperative languages in the ALGOL tradition, C has facilities for structured programming and allows lexical variable scope and recursion, while a static type system prevents many unintended operations. Its design provides constructs that map efficiently to typical machine instructions, and therefore it has found lasting use in applications that had formerly been coded in assembly language, most notably system software like the Unix computer operating system.\nC is one of the most widely used programming languages of all time, and C compilers are available for the majority of available computer architectures and operating systems.\nMany later languages have borrowed directly or indirectly from C, including D, Go, Rust, Java, JavaScript, Limbo, LPC, C#, Objective-C, Perl, PHP, Python, Verilog, and Unix's C shell. These languages have drawn many of their control structures and other basic features from C. Most of them are also very syntactically similar to C in general, and they tend to combine the recognizable expression and statement syntax of C with underlying type systems, data models, and semantics that can be radically different. C++ and Objective-C started as compilers that generated C code; C++ is currently nearly a superset of C, while Objective-C is a strict superset of C.
/m/06t2t2	Shopgirl is a 2005 American romantic drama film directed by Anand Tucker and starring Steve Martin, Claire Danes, and Jason Schwartzman. The screenplay by Steve Martin is based on his 2000 novella of the same name. The film is about a complex love triangle between a bored salesgirl, a wealthy businessman, and an aimless young man.\nProduced by Ashok Amritraj, Jon Jashni, and Steve Martin for Touchstone Pictures and Hyde Park Entertainment, and distributed in the United States by Buena Vista Pictures, Shopgirl was released on October 21, 2005 and received generally positive reviews from film critics. The film went on to earn $11,112,077 and was nominated for four Satellite Awards, including Best Picture and Best Adapted Screenplay.
/m/0558_1	Abilene Christian University is a private university located in Abilene, in the U.S. state of Texas, affiliated with Churches of Christ. ACU was founded in 1906, as Childers Classical Institute. Abilene Christian University's fall 2013 enrollment is 4,461 students of which 734 are graduate students. The fall 2012 acceptance rate was reported at 46%.
/m/02gl58	Battlestar Galactica is an American military science fiction television series, and part of the Battlestar Galactica franchise. The show was developed by Ronald D. Moore as a re-imagining of the 1978 Battlestar Galactica television series created by Glen A. Larson. The series first aired as a three-hour miniseries in December 2003 on the Sci-Fi Channel, and ran for four seasons thereafter, ending its run on March 20, 2009. The series features Edward James Olmos and Mary McDonnell, and garnered a wide range of critical acclaim, which included a Peabody Award, the Television Critics Association's Program of the Year Award, a placement inside Time's 100 Best TV Shows of All-TIME, and Emmy nominations for its writing, directing, costume design, visual effects, sound mixing, and sound editing, with Emmy wins for both visual effects and sound editing.\nThe story arc of Battlestar Galactica is set in a distant star system, where a civilization of humans live on a group of planets known as the Twelve Colonies. In the past, the Colonies had been at war with a cybernetic race of their own creation, known as the Cylons. With the unwitting help of a human named Gaius Baltar, the Cylons launch a sudden sneak attack on the Colonies, laying waste to the planets and devastating their populations. Out of a population numbering in the billions, only approximately 50,000 humans survive, most of whom were aboard civilian ships that avoided destruction. Of all the Colonial Fleet, the eponymous Battlestar Galactica appears to be the only military capital ship that survived the attack. Under the leadership of Colonial Fleet officer Commander William \"Bill\" Adama and President Laura Roslin, the Galactica and its crew take up the task of leading the small fugitive fleet of survivors into space in search of a fabled refuge known as Earth.
/m/0fmc5	Saratoga County is a county located in the U.S. state of New York. As of the United States Census of 2012, the county's population was 222,133, representing a 1.2% increase from the 219,607 counted in 2010. Saratoga County is part of New York State's Capital District, referring to the Albany-Schenectady-Troy Metropolitan Statistical Area. The county seat is Ballston Spa. The name is a corruption of an Indian word \"sah-rah-ka\" or \"Sarach-togue,\" that means \"the hill beside the river.\"
/m/02f73b	The following is a list of MTV Video Music Awards winners for Best Editing in a Video. Although there is no clear \"big winner,\" a total of eleven artists and professionals have won this award more than once. On the side of the artists, six have won the award twice: Peter Gabriel, R.E.M., Madonna, The White Stripes, Gnarls Barkley, and Beyoncé. Meanwhile, five editors have also won the award twice: Jim Haygood, Eric Zumbrunnen, Robert Duffy, Ken Mowe, and Jarrett Fijal.\nIn terms of nominations, Robert Duffy and Jarrett Fijal are the most nominated individuals in the award's history, each receiving a total of seven nominations. Closely following him is fellow editor Jim Haygood, with six. For the artists, on the other hand, there are three tied as biggest nominees, each with four nominations: R.E.M., U2, and Kanye West.
/m/03dft3	20th-century philosophy saw the development of a number of new philosophical schools including logical positivism, analytic philosophy, phenomenology, existentialism and poststructuralism. In terms of the eras of philosophy, it is usually labelled as contemporary philosophy.\nAs with other academic disciplines, philosophy increasingly became professionalized in the twentieth century, and a split emerged between philosophers who considered themselves to be part of either the \"analytic\" or \"continental\" traditions. However, there have been disputes regarding both the terminology and the reasons behind the divide, as well as philosophers who see themselves as bridging the divide. In addition, philosophy in the twentieth century became increasingly technical and harder to read by the layman.
/m/0h2zvzr	Midnight's Children is a 2012 drama film written by Salman Rushdie and directed by Deepa Mehta.
/m/06k75	The Russian Civil War was a multi-party war in the former Russian Empire fought between the Bolshevik Red Army and the White Army, the loosely allied anti-Bolshevik forces. Many foreign armies warred against the Red Army, notably the Allied Forces and the pro-German armies. The Red Army defeated the White Armed Forces of South Russia in Ukraine and the army led by Aleksandr Kolchak in Siberia in 1919. The remains of the White forces commanded by Pyotr Nikolayevich Wrangel were beaten in the Crimea and were evacuated in the autumn of 1920.\nMany pro-independence movements emerged after the break-up of the Russian Empire and fought in the war. A number of them – Finland, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, and Poland – were established as sovereign states. The rest of the former Russian Empire was consolidated into the Soviet Union shortly afterwards.
/m/01p4r3	Lloyd Vernet Bridges, Jr. was an American actor who starred in a number of television series and appeared in more than 150 feature films. He was the father of actors Beau Bridges and Jeff Bridges.
/m/05lbzg	The First War of Scottish Independence was the initial chapter of engagements in a series of warring periods between English and Scottish forces lasting from the invasion by England in 1296 until the de jure restoration of Scottish independence with the Treaty of Edinburgh-Northampton in 1328. De facto independence had been established in 1314 at the Battle of Bannockburn. England attempted to establish its authority over Scotland while the Scots fought to keep English rule and authority out of Scotland.
/m/0j_tw	National Lampoon's Animal House is a 1978 American comedy film directed by John Landis. The film was a direct spinoff from National Lampoon magazine. It is about a misfit group of fraternity members who challenge the dean of Faber College.\nThe screenplay was adapted by Douglas Kenney, Chris Miller, and Harold Ramis from stories written by Miller and published in National Lampoon magazine. The stories were based on Miller's experiences in the Alpha Delta Phi fraternity at Dartmouth College. Other influences on the film came from Ramis's experiences in the Zeta Beta Tau fraternity at Washington University in St. Louis, and producer Ivan Reitman's experiences at Delta Upsilon at McMaster University in Hamilton, Ontario. Of the younger lead actors, only John Belushi was an established star, but even he had not yet appeared in a film, having gained fame mainly from his Saturday Night Live television appearances. Several of the actors who were cast as college students, including Karen Allen, Tom Hulce, and Kevin Bacon, were just beginning their film careers, although Tim Matheson was coming off a large role as one of the assassin motorcycle cops in the second Dirty Harry film, Magnum Force.
/m/06cs95	Into the West is a 2005 miniseries produced by Steven Spielberg and Dreamworks, with six two-hour episodes. The series was first broadcast in the U.S. on Turner Network Television on six Fridays starting on 10 June 2005. It was also shown in the UK on BBC2 and BBC HD from 4 November 2006, and in Canada on CBC Television. The series also aired in the U.S. on AMC during the summer and fall of 2012.\nThe miniseries begins in the 1820s and is told mainly through the third person narration of Jacob Wheeler and Loved By the Buffalo, although episodes outside the direct observation of both protagonists are also shown. The plot follows the story of two families, one white American, one Native American, as their lives become mingled through the momentous events of American expansion. The story intertwines real and fictional characters and events spanning the period of expansion of the United States in the American West, from 1825 to 1890.\nThe show has a large cast, with about 250 speaking parts. The series features well known performers including Josh Brolin, Gary Busey, Michael Spears, Tonantzin Carmelo, Skeet Ulrich, Steve Reevis, Rachael Leigh Cook, Wes Studi, Irene Bedard, Alan Tudyk, Christian Kane, Russell Means, Jay Tavare, David Midthunder, Keri Russell, Graham Greene, Tom Berenger, Gil Birmingham, David Paymer, Raoul Trujillo, Eric Schweig, Lance Henriksen, Simon R. Baker, Tyler Christopher, Tatanka Means, Tokala Clifford, Gordon Tootoosis, Sheila Tousey, and Will Patton.
/m/03ys2f	Peter John Farrelly is an American film director, screenwriter, producer and novelist. The Farrelly brothers are mostly famous for directing and producing gross-out humor romantic comedy films such as Dumb and Dumber, Shallow Hal, Me, Myself and Irene, There's Something About Mary and the 2007 remake of The Heartbreak Kid. In addition to his extensive film career, Peter is also an acting board member of the online media company DeskSite.
/m/018txg	Niigata Prefecture is a prefecture of Japan located on the island of Honshū on the coast of the Sea of Japan. The capital is the city of Niigata with which it shares the same name. The name \"Niigata\" literally means \"new lagoon\".
/m/01ck6h	The Grammy Award for Best Male Rock Vocal Performance was an award presented at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards, to male recording artists for works containing quality vocal performances in the rock music genre. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position\".\nOriginally called the Grammy Award for Best Rock Vocal Performance, Male, the award was first presented to Bob Dylan in 1980. Beginning with the 1995 ceremony, the name of the award was changed to Best Male Rock Vocal Performance. However, in 1988, 1992, 1994, and since 2005, this category was combined with the Grammy Award for Best Female Rock Vocal Performance and presented in a genderless category known as Best Rock Vocal Performance, Solo. The solo category was later renamed to Best Solo Rock Vocal Performance beginning in 2005. This fusion has been criticized, especially when females are not nominated under the solo category. The Academy has cited a lack of eligible recordings in the female rock category as the reason for the mergers. While the award has not been presented since the category merge in 2005, an official confirmation of its retirement has not been announced.
/m/0k3gw	Bristol County is a county located in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, adjacent to the state of Rhode Island. As of the 2010 census, the population was 548,285. Some governmental functions are performed by the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, others by the county, and others by local towns and cities. See Administrative divisions of Massachusetts. The county seat is Taunton. The property deed records are kept in Taunton, Attleboro, Fall River, and New Bedford. The adjacent counties are Plymouth County; Norfolk County; Bristol County, Rhode Island; Newport County, Rhode Island; Providence County, Rhode Island; and Dukes County.\nThe county offices are located in the superior courthouse in Taunton at the Taunton Green.
/m/032nl2	Jared Drake Bell, better known as Drake Bell, is an American actor, musician, singer-songwriter, comedian, television personality, voice actor, record producer, and occasional television director. He began his career as an actor in the early 1990s, with an appearance on Home Improvement. Bell also appeared in several commercials. He appeared on The Amanda Show and became well-known among young audiences for his role on the series Drake & Josh while playing Drake Parker. Recently, Bell starred in A Fairly Odd Christmas on Nickelodeon. Bell is also the voice of Peter Parker / Spider-Man in the animated series Ultimate Spider-Man on Disney XD. Bell appeared on ABC's new reality TV series Splash.\nIn addition to acting, Bell had a growing career as a musician, and co-wrote and performed the theme song to Drake & Josh, entitled \"Found a Way\". In 2005 he independently released his debut album, Telegraph. His second album, It's Only Time, was released in 2006 after signing with Universal Motown Records and debuted at #81 on the Billboard 200, selling over 7,500 copies its first week of release. Bell released an EP in 2011 called A Reminder. Bell's third album, \"Ready, Steady, Go!\" will be released on April 22, 2014 and it will be his first album release under the record label Surfdog Records.
/m/018cvf	The Toronto International Film Festival is a publicly attended film festival held each September in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. In 2012, 372 films from 72 countries were screened at 34 screens in downtown Toronto venues, welcoming an estimated 400,000 attendees, over 4000 of whom were industry professionals. TIFF traditionally kicks off the Thursday night after Labour Day, lasting for eleven days.\nFounded in 1976, TIFF is now one of the most prestigious events of its kind in the world. In 1998, Variety magazine acknowledged that TIFF \"is second only to Cannes in terms of high-profile pics, stars and market activity.\" In 2007, Time noted that TIFF had \"grown from its place as the most influential fall film festival to the most influential film festival, period.\" This is partially the result of TIFF's ability and reputation for generating \"Oscar buzz\".\nNotable films to have had their world or North American premiere at Toronto include Chariots of Fire, The Big Chill, Husbands and Wives, Thirty Two Short Films About Glenn Gould, Downfall, Sideways, Silver Linings Playbook, The King's Speech, Argo, Moneyball, and Crash.
/m/03wjm2	The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy is a 2005 British-American comic science fiction film directed by Garth Jennings, based on the book of the same name by Douglas Adams. It stars Martin Freeman, Sam Rockwell, Mos Def, Zooey Deschanel and the voices of Stephen Fry and Alan Rickman. Shooting was completed in August 2004 and the movie was released on 28 April 2005 in Europe, Australia and New Zealand, and on the following day in Canada and the United States.\nAdams, who co-wrote the film's screenplay, died in 2001, before production began. The film is dedicated to him.
/m/026wlxw	Get Smart is a 2008 American spy-fi comedy film which was produced by Leonard B. Stern, who is also the original series' producer. The film is based on Mel Brooks and Buck Henry's 1960s spy parody television series of the same name. The film stars Steve Carell, Anne Hathaway, Dwayne Johnson and Alan Arkin. The film co-stars Terence Stamp, Terry Crews, David Koechner and James Caan. Bernie Kopell, who played Siegfried in the original series, also appeared in the film. Bill Murray makes a cameo appearance. The film centers around an analyst named Maxwell \"Max\" Smart who dreams to become a real field agent and a better spy and fulfills it as he successfully fends off the KAOS' plans of killing important United States government officials, specifically the President, and arming hostile countries by means of nuclear bombs, together with his friends and/or allies, Agent 99, Max's love interest, The Chief, Max's boss, and Agent 23, Max's idol.
/m/02r5qtm	The Big Bang Theory is an American sitcom created by Chuck Lorre and Bill Prady, both of whom serve as executive producers on the show along with Steven Molaro. All three also serve as head writers. It premiered on CBS on September 24, 2007. The seventh season premiered on September 26, 2013.\nThe show is primarily centered on five characters living in Pasadena, California: roommates Leonard Hofstadter and Sheldon Cooper, both physicists; Penny, a waitress and aspiring actress who lives across the hall; and Leonard and Sheldon's equally geeky and socially awkward friends and co-workers, mechanical engineer Howard Wolowitz and astrophysicist Raj Koothrappali. The geekiness and intellect of the four guys is contrasted for comic effect with Penny's social skills and common sense.\nOver time, supporting characters have been promoted to starring roles: Leslie Winkle, a physicist colleague at Caltech and, at different times, a lover of both Leonard and Howard; Bernadette Rostenkowski, Howard's girlfriend, a microbiologist and former part-time waitress alongside Penny; neuroscientist Amy Farrah Fowler, who joins the group after being matched to Sheldon on a dating website, and Stuart Bloom, the cash-strapped owner of the comic book store the characters often visit.
/m/07pzc	Tupac Amaru Shakur, also known by his stage names 2Pac and briefly as Makaveli, was an American rapper and actor. Shakur has sold over 75 million records worldwide, making him one of the best-selling music artists of all time. MTV ranked him at number two on their list of The Greatest MCs of All Time and Rolling Stone named him the 86th Greatest Artist of All Time. His double disc album All Eyez on Me is one of the best selling hip hop albums of all time.\nShakur began his career as a roadie, backup dancer, and MC for the alternative hip hop group Digital Underground, eventually branching off as a solo artist. The themes of most of Shakur's songs revolved around the violence and hardship in inner cities, racism and other social problems. Both of his parents and several other of his family were members of the Black Panther Party, whose ideals were reflected in his songs.\nDuring the latter part of his career, Shakur was a vocal participant in the so-called East Coast–West Coast hip hop rivalry, becoming involved in conflicts with other rappers, producers and record-label staff members, most notably The Notorious B.I.G. and his label Bad Boy Records.
/m/0c663	Apulia is a region of Italy in Southern Italy bordering the Adriatic Sea in the east, the Ionian Sea to the southeast, and the Strait of Òtranto and Gulf of Taranto in the south. Its southernmost portion, known as Salento peninsula, forms a high heel on the \"boot\" of Italy. The region comprises 19,345 square kilometers, and its population is about 4.1 million. It is bordered by the other Italian regions of Molise to the north, Campania to the west, and Basilicata to the southwest. It neighbors Albania, Bosnia-Herzegovina, Croatia, Greece, and Montenegro, across the Adriatic and Ionian Seas, respectively. The region extends as far north as Monte Gargano. Its capital city is Bari.
/m/0gc_c_	Land of the Lost is a 2009 American science fiction comedy film directed by Brad Silberling and starring Will Ferrell, Danny McBride, and Anna Friel, loosely based on the 1974 Sid and Marty Krofft TV series of the same name.
/m/044mfr	Adam Noah Levine is an American singer-songwriter and musician, widely known as the lead vocalist of pop rock band Maroon 5.\nBorn and raised in Los Angeles, California, Levine began his musical career in 1994, when he co-founded alternative rock band Kara's Flowers, of which he was the lead vocalist and guitarist. After the commercial failure of their only album, The Fourth World, the band split up. Later, he reformed the band and a fifth member was added to form Maroon 5. The band released their first album, Songs About Jane, which went multi-platinum in the US. Since then, they have released three more albums, It Won't Be Soon Before Long, Hands All Over and Overexposed. As part of Maroon 5, he has received three Grammy Awards, two Billboard Music Awards, two American Music Awards, an MTV Video Music Award and a World Music Award.\nSince 2011, Levine has served as a coach on NBC's reality talent show The Voice. The winners of the first and fifth seasons, Javier Colon and Tessanne Chin, were on his team. In 2012, he made his acting debut as a recurring character in the horror television show American Horror Story: Asylum for the series' second season. He also appeared in the film Can a Song Save Your Life?.
/m/0cpyv	Weimar is a city in the federal state of Thuringia, Germany. It is located between Erfurt in the west and Jena in the east, approximately 80 kilometres southwest of Leipzig, 170 kilometres north of Nuremberg and 170 kilometres west of Dresden. Together with the neighbour-cities Erfurt and Jena it forms the central metropolitan area of Thuringia with approximately 500,000 inhabitants, whereas the city itself counts a population of 65,000. Weimar is well known because of its large cultural heritage and its importance in German history.\nThe city was a focal point of the German Enlightenment and home of the leading characters of the literary genre of Weimar Classicism, the writers Johann Wolfgang von Goethe and Friedrich Schiller. In the 19th century, famous composers like Franz Liszt made a music centre of Weimar and later, artists and architects like Henry van de Velde, Wassily Kandinsky, Paul Klee, Lyonel Feininger and Walter Gropius came to the city and found the Bauhaus, the most important German design school of interwar period. However, the political history of 20th-century Weimar was inconsistent: it was the place where Germany's first democratic constitution was signed after the First World War, giving its name to the Weimar Republic period in German politics, as well as one of the cities that got mythologized by the National Socialist propaganda.
/m/01sfl	A clown is a comic performer who employs slapstick or similar types of physical humour, often in a mime style. Clowns have a varied tradition with significant variations in costume and performance. The most recognisable clowns are those that commonly wear outlandish costumes featuring distinctive makeup, colourful wigs, exaggerated footwear, and colourful clothing. Their entertainment style is generally designed to entertain large audiences, especially at a distance.\nClowns are most often associated with the circus where they have performed a comedic role linking other acts in the circus performance since the late 18th century. Many circus clowns have become well known and are a key circus act in their own right. The first mainstream clown role was portrayed by Joseph Grimaldi. In the early 1800s, he expanded the role of Clown in the harlequinade that formed part of British pantomimes, notably at the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane and the Sadler's Wells and Covent Garden theatres. He became so dominant on the London comic stage that harlequinade Clowns became known as \"Joey\", and both the nickname and Grimaldi's whiteface make-up design were, and still are, used by other types of clowns.
/m/05c4fys	Christopher Ronald Nurse is an English-born Guyanese footballer currently playing for FC Edmonton in the North American Soccer League.
/m/0czp_	The Academy Award for Best Story was an Academy Award given from the beginning of the Academy Awards until 1957, when it was eliminated in favor of the Academy Award for Writing Original Screenplay, which had been introduced in 1940.
/m/027r0_f	Dallas Raymond McKennon, sometimes credited as Dal McKennon, was an American actor, with extensive work as a voice actor, in a career lasting over 50 years.
/m/0263tn1	Robert James-Collier is a British actor and model. He is known for his roles as Liam Connor in Coronation Street and as Thomas Barrow in Downton Abbey.
/m/01nfl1	Sydney Airport is an international airport located 8 km south of the city centre, in the suburb of Mascot in Sydney, New South Wales. It is the only major airport serving Sydney, and is a primary hub for Qantas, as well as a secondary hub for Virgin Australia and Jetstar Airways. Situated next to Botany Bay, the airport has three runways, colloquially known as the \"east–west\", \"north–south\" and \"third\" runways.\nSydney Airport is one of the oldest continuously operated airports in the world, and the busiest airport in Australia, handling 35,630,549 passengers in 2011 and 326,686 aircraft movements in 2013. It was the 31st busiest airport in the world in 2012. The airport is managed by Sydney Airport Corporation Limited and the current CEO is Kerrie Mather. Currently 46 domestic and 43 international destinations are served to Sydney directly.
/m/02mp0g	The University of Wyoming is a land-grant university located in Laramie, Wyoming, situated on Wyoming's high Laramie Plains, at an elevation of 7,200 feet, between the Laramie and Snowy Range mountains. It is known as UW to people close to the university. The university was founded in March 1886, four years before the territory was admitted as the 44th state, and opened in September 1887. The University of Wyoming is unusual in that its location within the state is written into the state's constitution. The university also offers outreach education in communities throughout Wyoming and online.\nThe University of Wyoming consists of seven colleges: agriculture and natural resources, arts and sciences, business, education, engineering and applied sciences, health sciences, and law. The university offers over 190 undergraduate, graduate and certificate programs including Doctor of Pharmacy and Juris Doctor. In the top 15 percent of the country's four-year colleges, the University of Wyoming was featured in the 2011 Princeton Review Best 373 Colleges.\nIn addition to on-campus classes in Laramie, the university’s Outreach School offers more than 30 degree, certificate and endorsement programs to distance learners across the state and beyond. These programs are delivered through the use of technology, such as online and video conferencing classes. The Outreach School has nine regional centers across the state, with several on community college campuses, to give Wyoming residents access to a university education without relocating to Laramie.
/m/05y5fw	David Benioff is an American novelist, screenwriter and television producer. He is the co-creator and showrunner of the HBO series Game of Thrones.
/m/04swx	The Mediterranean Sea is a sea connected to the Atlantic Ocean surrounded by the Mediterranean region and almost completely enclosed by land: on the north by Europe and Anatolia, on the south by North Africa, and on the east by the Levant. The sea is sometimes considered a part of the Atlantic Ocean, although it is usually identified as a completely separate body of water.\nThe name Mediterranean is derived from the Latin mediterraneus, meaning \"inland\" or \"in the middle of the land\". It covers an approximate area of 2.5 million km², but its connection to the Atlantic is only 14 km wide. In oceanography, it is sometimes called the Eurafrican Mediterranean Sea or the European Mediterranean Sea to distinguish it from mediterranean seas elsewhere.\nThe Mediterranean Sea has an average depth of 1,500 m and the deepest recorded point is 5,267 m in the Calypso Deep in the Ionian Sea.\nIt was an important route for merchants and travellers of ancient times that allowed for trade and cultural exchange between emergent peoples of the region. The history of the Mediterranean region is crucial to understanding the origins and development of many modern societies.
/m/0j_t1	Nashville is a 1975 American musical drama film directed by Robert Altman. A winner of numerous awards and selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry, Nashville is generally considered to be one of Altman's best films.\nThe film takes a snapshot of people involved in the country music and gospel music businesses in Nashville, Tennessee. It has 24 main characters, an hour of musical numbers, and multiple storylines. The characters' efforts to succeed or hold on to their success are interwoven with the efforts of a political operative and a local businessman to stage a concert rally before the state's presidential primary for a populist outsider running for President of the United States on the Replacement Party ticket. In the film's final half-hour, most of the characters come together at the outdoor concert at the Parthenon in Nashville.\nThe large ensemble cast includes David Arkin, Barbara Baxley, Ned Beatty, Karen Black, Ronee Blakley, Keith Carradine, Geraldine Chaplin, Robert DoQui, Shelley Duvall, Allen Garfield, Henry Gibson, Scott Glenn, Jeff Goldblum, Barbara Harris, David Hayward, Michael Murphy, Allan F. Nicholls, Cristina Raines, Bert Remsen, Lily Tomlin, Gwen Welles, and Keenan Wynn.
/m/04pxcx	Heather Blaine Mitts Feeley, née Heather Blaine Mitts, is a retired American professional soccer defender. Mitts played college soccer for the University of Florida, and thereafter, she played professionally in the Women's Professional Soccer league; for the Philadelphia Charge, Boston Breakers, Philadelphia Independence and Atlanta Beat. She is a three-time Olympic gold medalist, and was a member of the U.S. women's national team. She played in four matches in the 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup, where the U.S. national team finished second. Heather announced her retirement from soccer via twitter on March 13, 2013.
/m/0241jw	Andrew Clement \"Andy\" Serkis is an English film actor, director and author.\nSerkis is known for his performance capture roles comprising motion capture acting, animation and voice work for such computer-generated characters as: Gollum in The Lord of the Rings film trilogy and The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey, King Kong in the eponymous 2005 film, Caesar in Rise of the Planet of the Apes and Captain Haddock in Steven Spielberg's The Adventures of Tintin. Serkis' film work in motion capture has been critically acclaimed, earning him recognition from many associations that do not traditionally recognize motion capture as \"real acting\". Serkis has received an Empire Award, a National Board of Review Award, two Saturn Awards and a Screen Actors Guild Award for his motion capture work.\nSerkis also earned a Golden Globe Award nomination for his portrayal of serial killer Ian Brady in the British television film Longford; and he was nominated for a BAFTA Award for his portrayal of New Wave and punk musician Ian Dury in the biopic Sex & Drugs & Rock & Roll.
/m/03q1vd	Paul Anthony Sorvino is an American actor. He often portrays authority figures on both sides of the law, and is possibly best known for his roles as Paulie Cicero, a portrayal of Paul Vario in the 1990 gangster film Goodfellas, and Sgt. Phil Cerreta on the police procedural and legal drama television series Law & Order. He is the father of actress Mira Sorvino.
/m/06rpd	The San Diego Chargers are a professional football team based in San Diego, California. They have been members of the Western Division of the American Football Conference in the National Football League since 1970. The club began play in 1960 as a charter member of the American Football League, and spent its first season in Los Angeles, California before moving to San Diego in 1961. The Chargers play their home games at Qualcomm Stadium. The Chargers continue to be the only NFL team based in Southern California, with no teams in Los Angeles since 1994.\nThe Chargers won one AFL title in 1963 and reached the AFL playoffs five times and the AFL Championship four times before joining the NFL as part of the AFL-NFL Merger. In the 34 years since then, the Chargers have made thirteen trips to the playoffs and four appearances in the AFC Championship game. At the end of the 1994 season, the Chargers faced the San Francisco 49ers in Super Bowl XXIX and fell 49–26. The Chargers have six players and one coach enshrined in the Pro Football Hall of Fame in Canton, Ohio: wide receiver Lance Alworth, defensive end Fred Dean, quarterback Dan Fouts, head coach/general manager Sid Gillman, wide receiver Charlie Joiner, offensive lineman Ron Mix, and tight end Kellen Winslow.
/m/0lz8d	Execution by firing squad, sometimes called fusillading, is a method of capital punishment, particularly common in the military and in times of war. Execution by shooting is a fairly old practice. Some reasons for its use are that firearms are usually readily available and a gunshot to a vital organ usually kills the subject relatively quickly. Before the introduction of firearms, bows or crossbows were often used — Saint Sebastian is usually depicted as executed by a squad of Roman auxiliary archers in around 288 AD; King Edmund the Martyr of East Anglia, by some accounts, was tied to a tree and executed by Viking archers on 20 November 869 or 870 AD.\nA firing squad is normally composed of several soldiers or law enforcement officers. Usually, all members of the group are instructed to fire simultaneously, thus preventing both disruption of the process by a single member and identification of the member who fired the lethal shot. The prisoner is typically blindfolded or hooded, as well as restrained, although in some cases prisoners have asked to be allowed to face the firing squad without their eyes covered. Executions can be carried out with the condemned either standing or sitting. There is a tradition in some jurisdictions that such executions are carried out at first light, or at sunrise, which is usually up to half an hour later. This gave rise to the phrase \"shot at dawn\".
/m/0k3g3	Barnstable County is a county located in the U.S. state of Massachusetts, consisting of Cape Cod and associated islands. As of the 2010 census, the population was 215,888. Its county seat is Barnstable.\nBarnstable County was formed as part of the Plymouth Colony on 2 June 1685, including the towns of Falmouth, Sandwich and others lying to the east and north on Cape Cod. Plymouth Colony was merged into the Province of Massachusetts Bay in 1691.
/m/07xzm	The ukulele sometimes abbreviated to uke, is a member of the guitar family of instruments; it generally employs four nylon or gut strings or four courses of strings.\nThe ukulele originated in the 19th century as a Hawaiian interpretation of the machete, a small guitar-like instrument related to the cavaquinho, timple, braguinha and the rajão, taken to Hawaii by Portuguese immigrants, many from the Macaronesian Islands. It gained great popularity elsewhere in the United States during the early 20th century, and from there spread internationally.\nThe tone and volume of the instrument varies with size and construction. Ukuleles commonly come in four sizes: soprano, concert, tenor, and baritone.
/m/0f4vx	Leaving Las Vegas is a 1995 romantic drama film directed and written by Mike Figgis, based on a semi-autobiographical novel of the same name by John O'Brien. Nicolas Cage stars as a suicidal alcoholic who has ended his personal and professional life to drink himself to death in Las Vegas. While there, he forms a relationship with a hardened prostitute, played by Elisabeth Shue, which forms the center of the film. O'Brien committed suicide two weeks after production of the film started. A halt was considered, but work continued as a tribute.\nLeaving Las Vegas was filmed in super 16mm instead of 35 mm film which is most commonly used for mainstream film, although 16 mm is common for art house films. After limited release in the United States on October 27, 1995, Leaving Las Vegas made its nationwide release on February 9, 1996, receiving strong praise from critics and audiences. Cage received the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor - Motion Picture Drama and the Academy Award for Best Actor, while Shue was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress. The film also received nominations for Best Adapted Screenplay and Best Director.
/m/0b3wk	The United States House of Representatives is one of the two houses of the United States Congress. It is frequently referred to as the House. The other house is the Senate.\nThe composition and powers of the House are established in Article One of the United States Constitution. The major power of the House is to pass federal legislation that affects the entire country, although its bills must also be passed by the Senate and further agreed to by the U.S. President before becoming law. The House has some exclusive powers: the power to initiate revenue bills, to impeach officials, and to elect the U.S. President in case there is no majority in the Electoral College.\nEach U.S. state is represented in the House in proportion to its population as measured in the census, but every state is entitled to at least one representative. The most populous state, California, currently has 53 representatives. On the other end of the spectrum, there are seven states with only one representative each. The total number of voting representatives is fixed by law at 435. Each representative serves for a two-year term. The Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, who presides over the chamber, is elected by the members of the House, and is therefore traditionally the leader of the House Democratic Caucus or the House Republican Conference, whichever party has more voting members. The House meets in the south wing of the United States Capitol.
/m/01gn36	Jonathan Harshman Winters III was an American comedian, actor, author, and artist. Beginning in 1960, Winters recorded many classic comedy albums for the Verve Records label. He also had records released every decade for over 50 years, receiving 11 nominations for Grammy Award for Best Comedy Album during his career and winning a Grammy Award for Best Album for Children for his contribution to an adaptation of The Little Prince in 1975 and the Grammy Award for Best Spoken Comedy Album for Crank Calls in 1996.\nWith a career spanning more than six decades, Winters also appeared in hundreds of television show episodes/series and films combined, including eccentric characters on The Steve Allen Show, The Garry Moore Show, The Wacky World of Jonathan Winters, Mork & Mindy, Hee Haw, and It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World. He also voiced Grandpa Smurf on The Smurfs and Papa Smurf in The Smurfs. Winters’ final feature film was The Smurfs 2 in 2013, which is dedicated to his memory.\nIn 1991, Winters earned an Emmy Award for his supporting role in Davis Rules. In 1999, Winters was awarded the Mark Twain Prize for American Humor. In 2002, he earned an Emmy nomination as a guest star in a comedy series for Life with Bonnie. In 2008, Winters was presented with a Pioneer TV Land Award by Robin Williams.
/m/04mzf8	Rebecca is a 1940 American psychological drama-thriller film. Directed by Alfred Hitchcock, it was his first American project, and his first film produced under contract with David O. Selznick. The film's screenplay was a version by Joan Harrison and Robert E. Sherwood based on Philip MacDonald and Michael Hogan's adaptation of Daphne du Maurier's 1938 novel of the same name. The film was produced by Selznick and stars Laurence Olivier as the brooding aristocratic widower Maxim de Winter, Joan Fontaine as the young woman who becomes his second wife, and Judith Anderson as the stern housekeeper, Mrs. Danvers.\nThe film is shot in black and white, and is a gothic tale. We never see Maxim de Winter's first wife, Rebecca, who died before the story starts, but her reputation, and recollections about her, are a constant presence to Maxim, his new young second wife, and the housekeeper Danvers.\nThe film won two Academy Awards, including Best Picture, out of a total 11 nominations. Olivier, Fontaine and Anderson were all Oscar nominated for their respective roles. However, since 1936, Rebecca is the only film that, despite winning Best Picture, received no Academy Award for acting, directing or writing.
/m/09rsjpv	Red Tails is a 2012 American war film produced by Lucasfilm and released by 20th Century Fox. The film is a fictionalized portrayal of the Tuskegee Airmen, a group of African-American United States Army Air Forces servicemen during World War II.\nFilmed in 2009, Red Tails was directed by Anthony Hemingway from an original screenplay by John Ridley, with additional material shot the following year with executive producer George Lucas as director and Aaron McGruder as writer of the reshoots. Red Tails is the first Lucasfilm production since the 1994 film Radioland Murders that is not associated with the Indiana Jones or Star Wars franchises. The film stars Cuba Gooding, Jr. in his first theatrical film in five years, and Terrence Howard.Red Tails was also mixed in 3D sound by Barco.
/m/07w8fz	Good Night, and Good Luck. is a 2005 American drama film co-written and directed by George Clooney and starring David Strathairn, Clooney, Robert Downey, Jr., Patricia Clarkson and Jeff Daniels. The movie was written by Clooney and Grant Heslov, both of whom also act in the film, and portrays the conflict between veteran radio and television journalist Edward R. Murrow and U.S. Senator Joseph McCarthy of Wisconsin, especially relating to the anti-Communist Senator's actions with the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations.\nThe movie, although released in black and white, was filmed on color film stock but on a greyscale set, and was color corrected to black and white during post-production. It focuses on the theme of media responsibility, and also addresses what occurs when the media offer a voice of dissent from government policy. The movie takes its title from the line with which Murrow routinely signed off his broadcasts.\nThe film was nominated for six Academy Awards, including Best Picture, Best Director for Clooney and Best Actor for David Strathairn.
/m/01xk7r	San Francisco Art Institute is a school of higher education in contemporary art with the main campus in the Russian Hill district of San Francisco, California. Its graduate center is in the Dogpatch neighborhood. The private, non-profit institution is accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges and the National Association of Schools of Art and Design, and is a member of the Association of Independent Colleges of Art and Design. SFAI was founded in 1871, and is one of the oldest art schools in the United States and the oldest west of the Mississippi River.
/m/0vfs8	Muskegon is a city in the U.S. state of Michigan, on the shore of Lake Michigan. As of the 2010 census, the city population is 38,401. The city is the county seat of Muskegon County. It is located at the southwest corner of Muskegon Township, but is administratively autonomous.\nMuskegon is the larger of the two cities in the Muskegon-Norton Shores Metropolitan Statistical Area, which has a population of 172,188 as of 2010. It is further included in the larger Grand Rapids-Muskegon-Holland Combined Statistical Area with a population of 1,321,557.\nMuskegon is the largest city on the eastern shores of Lake Michigan.
/m/01nxzv	Nathan Lane is a two-time Tony Award-winning American actor of stage, screen, and television. He is best known for his roles as Mendy in The Lisbon Traviata, Albert in The Birdcage, Max Bialystock in the musical The Producers, Ernie Smuntz in MouseHunt, Nathan Detroit in Guys and Dolls, Pseudolus in A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum, and his voice work in The Lion King and Stuart Little. In 2006, he received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, and in 2008 he was inducted into the American Theatre Hall of Fame.
/m/0nbcg	A songwriter is an individual who originates songs, and can also be called a composer. The pressure to produce popular hits has tended to distribute responsibility between a number of people. Popular culture songs may be written by group members, but are now usually written by staff writers: songwriters directly employed by music publishers.\nSome songwriters serve as their own music publishers, while others have outside publishers. Furthermore, songwriters no longer need labels to support their music. Technology has advanced to the point where anyone can record at home.\nThe old-style apprenticeship approach to learning how to write songs is being supplemented by some universities and colleges and rock schools. A knowledge of modern music technology and business skills is seen as necessary to make a songwriting career, and music colleges offer songwriting diplomas and degrees with music business modules.\nSince songwriting and publishing royalties can be a substantial source of income, particularly if a song becomes a hit record, legally, in the US, songs written after 1934 may only be copied by the authors. The legal power to grant these permissions may be bought, sold or transferred. This is governed by international copyright law.
/m/034_7s	The 35th Canadian Parliament was in session from January 17, 1994 until April 27, 1997. The membership was set by the 1993 federal election on October 25, 1993, and it changed only somewhat due to resignations and by-elections until it was dissolved prior to the 1997 election.\nIt was controlled by a Liberal Party majority under Prime Minister Jean Chrétien and the 26th Canadian Ministry. The Official Opposition was the Bloc Québécois, led first by Lucien Bouchard, then by Michel Gauthier, and finally by Gilles Duceppe.\nThe Speaker was Gilbert Parent. See also list of Canadian electoral districts 1987-1997 for a list of the ridings in this parliament.\nThere were two sessions of the 35th Parliament:
/m/014mlp	A Bachelor of Arts, from the Latin artium baccalaureus, is a bachelor's degree awarded for an undergraduate course or program in either the liberal arts, the sciences, or both. Bachelor of Arts degree programs generally take three to four years depending on the country, academic institution, and specific majors or minors.\nDiplomas generally give the name of the institution, signatures of officials of the institution, the type of degree conferred, the conferring authority and the location at which the degree is conferred. Degree diplomas generally are printed on high quality paper or parchment; individual institutions set the preferred abbreviation for their degrees.\nThe Bachelor of Arts degree is usually attained in four years in Lebanon, Armenia, Greece, Bangladesh, Azerbaijan, Brazil and the rest of Latin America, Canada, Egypt, Iran, Japan, Nigeria, Serbia, Pakistan, the Philippines, Thailand, the Russian Federation, Republic of Ireland, South Korea, Iraq, Tunisia, Kuwait, Turkey, and the United States.\nIn contrast, the Bachelor of Arts degree course generally lasts three years in nearly all of the European Union. It also takes three years in Albania, Australia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, India, Israel, New Zealand, Iceland, Norway, Singapore, the Caribbean, South Africa, Switzerland, and the Canadian province of Quebec.
/m/0g3zrd	Public Enemies is a 2009 American biographical crime drama film directed by Michael Mann and written by Mann, Ronan Bennett and Ann Biderman. It is an adaptation of Bryan Burrough's non-fiction book Public Enemies: America's Greatest Crime Wave and the Birth of the FBI, 1933–34. Set during the Great Depression, the film chronicles the final years of the notorious bank robber John Dillinger as he is pursued by FBI agent Melvin Purvis, Dillinger's relationship with Billie Frechette, as well as Purvis' pursuit of Dillinger's associates and fellow criminals Homer Van Meter and Baby Face Nelson.\nBurrough originally intended to make a television miniseries about the Depression-era crime wave in the United States, but decided to write a book on the subject instead. Mann developed the project, and some scenes were filmed on location where certain events depicted in the film occurred, though the film is not entirely historically accurate.
/m/01h0kx	Madchester is a British music scene that developed in Manchester, England, towards the late 1980s and into the early 1990s. The music that emerged from the scene mixed alternative rock, psychedelic rock and dance music. Artists associated with the scene included New Order, the Happy Mondays, the Stone Roses, the Inspiral Carpets, Northside, Paris Angels, 808 State, James, the Charlatans, the Fall, A Guy Called Gerald, and other bands. At that time, the Haçienda nightclub was a major catalyst for the distinctive musical ethos in the city that was called the Second Summer of Love.
/m/0100mt	El Paso is the county seat of El Paso County, Texas, United States, and lies in far West Texas. As of July 1, 2012, the population estimate from the U.S. Census was 672,538, making it the 19th most populous city in the United States. Its U.S. metropolitan area covers all of El Paso and Hudspeth counties, with a population of 830,735. The El Paso MSA forms part of the larger El Paso–Las Cruces CSA, with a population of 1,045,180.\nEl Paso stands on the Rio Grande, across the border from Juárez, Chihuahua, Mexico. The two cities, along with Las Cruces, form a combined international metropolitan area, sometimes referred as the Paso del Norte or El Paso–Juárez–Las Cruces, with over 2.7 million people. The El Paso-Juárez region is the largest bilingual, binational work force in the Western Hemisphere.\nIn 1659, Fray Garcia de San Francisco, established Our Lady of Guadalupe Mission of El Paso del Norte. Around this mission, the village of El Paso del Norte grew into what is now the El Paso–Juárez region. El Paso has been ranked the safest large city in the U.S. for four consecutive years and ranked in the top three since 1997. The city is the headquarters of one Fortune 500 and three publicly traded companies, as well as home to the Medical Center of the Americas, the only medical research and care provider complex in West Texas and southern New Mexico. El Paso's primary house of higher learning, University of Texas at El Paso, was rated the 7th best university in Washington Monthly's 2013 National Universities Rankings. The city hosts the annual Sun Bowl, the second oldest bowl game in the country. In 2010, El Paso received an All-America City Award.
/m/0bj9k	Alfredo James \"Al\" Pacino is an American film and stage actor and director. He is well known for playing mobsters, including Michael Corleone in The Godfather trilogy and Tony Montana in Scarface, and often appeared on the other side of the law—as a police officer, a detective and lawyer. For his performance as Frank Slade in Scent of a Woman he won the Academy Award for Best Actor in 1992. He had received seven previous Oscar nominations, including one in that same year.\nHe made his feature film debut in the 1969 film Me, Natalie in a minor supporting role, before playing the lead role in the 1971 drama The Panic in Needle Park. Pacino made his major breakthrough with the role of Michael Corleone in The Godfather in 1972, which earned him an Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actor. Other Oscar nominations for Best Supporting Actor were for Dick Tracy and Glengarry Glen Ross. Oscar nominations for Best Actor include The Godfather Part II, Serpico, Dog Day Afternoon, ...And Justice for All.\nIn addition to a career in film, he has enjoyed a successful career on stage, winning Tony Awards for Does a Tiger Wear a Necktie? and The Basic Training of Pavlo Hummel. A longtime fan of Shakespeare, he made his directorial debut with Looking for Richard, a quasi-documentary on the play Richard III. Pacino has received numerous lifetime achievement awards, including one from the American Film Institute. He is a method actor, taught mainly by Lee Strasberg and Charles Laughton at the Actors Studio in New York.
/m/0br0vs	Levadiakos FC is a Greek association football club that plays in the Greek Superleague.\nBased in Livadeia, Greece, the club was promoted to the Alpha Ethniki, forerunner of the Super League, after ten seasons in minor divisions in the 2005–2006 season, as runner-up of the Beta Ethniki in 2004–2005. It was then relegated to the Beta Ethniki again in 2006–2007 and returned to the top tier in 2008–2009. The club finished one level above relegation that year but was relegated back to the second division by finishing 14th in 2009-10.
/m/01fx2g	Christina Ricci is an American actress. Ricci received initial recognition and praise as a child star for her performances as Katie in Mermaids, and Wednesday Addams in The Addams Family and Addams Family Values, and her role as Kat Harvey in Casper. Ricci made a transition into more adult-oriented roles with The Ice Storm, followed by an acclaimed performance in Buffalo '66 and then The Opposite of Sex, for which she received a Golden Globe nomination for Best Actress. She continued her success with well-received performances in Sleepy Hollow, Monster, Penelope and Black Snake Moan. In 2006 Ricci was nominated for an Emmy Award for her role as a paramedic in the ABC drama Grey's Anatomy. In 2011–12, she starred in the short-lived television series Pan Am as stewardess Maggie Ryan.
/m/042s9	Jainism, traditionally known as Jaina dharma, is an Indian religion that prescribes a path of non-violence towards all living beings and emphasizes spiritual independence and equality between all forms of life. Practitioners believe that non-violence and self-control are the means by which they can obtain liberation. Currently, Jainism is divided into two major sects —Digambara and Śvētāmbara.\nThe word Jainism is derived from a Sanskrit verb Jin which means to conquer. It refers to a battle with the passions and bodily pleasures that the jaina ascetics undertake. Those who win this battle are termed as Jina. The term Jaina is therefore used to refer to laymen and ascetics of this tradition alike.\nJainism is one of the oldest religions in the world. Jains traditionally trace their history through a succession of twenty-four propagators of their faith known as tirthankara with Ādinātha as the first tirthankara and Mahāvīra as the last of the current era. For long periods of time Jainism was the state religion of Indian kingdoms and widely adopted in the Indian subcontinent. The religion has been in decline since the 8th century CE due to the growth of, and oppression by the followers of Hinduism and Islam.
/m/0134wr	The Bee Gees were a pop music group that was founded in 1958. The group's line-up consisted of brothers Barry, Robin, and Maurice Gibb. The trio were successful for most of their decades of recording music, but they had two distinct periods of exceptional success: as a rock act in the late 1960s and early 1970s, and as prominent performers of the disco music era in the late 1970s. The group sang recognisable three-part tight harmonies; Robin's clear vibrato lead vocals were a hallmark of their earlier hits, while Barry's R&B falsetto became their signature sound during the late 1970s and 1980s. They wrote all of their own hits, as well as writing and producing several major hits for other artists.\nBorn on the Isle of Man to English parents, the Gibb brothers lived in Chorlton, Manchester, England, until the late 1950s. The family then moved to Redcliffe, Queensland, Australia, where the brothers began their music careers. After achieving their first chart success in Australia with \"Spicks and Specks\", they returned to the United Kingdom in January 1967 where producer Robert Stigwood began promoting them to a worldwide audience.\nThe Bee Gees' career record sales total more than 220 million ranking them among the best-selling music artists of all time. They were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1997; the presenter of the award to \"Britain's first family of harmony\" was Brian Wilson, historical leader of the Beach Boys, a \"family act\" also featuring three harmonising brothers. The Bee Gees' Hall of Fame citation says \"Only Elvis Presley, the Beatles, Michael Jackson, Garth Brooks and Paul McCartney have outsold the Bee Gees.\"
/m/0g96wd	White British is an ethnicity classification used in the 2011 United Kingdom Census. As a result of the 2011 census the White British population was estimated 49,279,236.
/m/01s7j5	The Medill School of Journalism, Media, Integrated Marketing Communications is a constituent school of Northwestern University which offers both undergraduate and graduate programs. It has consistently been one of the top-ranked schools in Journalism in the United States. Medill has produced journalists and political activists including thirty-eight Pulitzer Prize laureates, numerous national correspondents for major networks, and many well-known reporters and columnists. Northwestern is one of the few schools embracing a technological approach towards journalism. Medill received Knight Foundation grant to establish the Knight News Innovation Laboratory in 2011. The Knight Lab is a joint initiative of the Medill and the McCormick School of Engineering at Northwestern, one of the first to combine journalism and computer science.
/m/07w0v	The University of Texas at Austin is a state research university and the flagship institution of The University of Texas System. Founded in 1883, its campus is located in Austin—approximately 1 mile from the Texas State Capitol. The institution has the fifth-largest single-campus enrollment in the nation, with over 50,000 undergraduate and graduate students and over 24,000 faculty and staff. The university has been labeled one of the \"Public Ivies,\" a publicly funded university considered as providing a quality of education comparable to those of the Ivy League.\nUT Austin was inducted into the American Association of Universities in 1929, and it is a major center for academic research, with research expenditures exceeding $640 million for the 2009–2010 school year. The university houses seven museums and seventeen libraries, including the Lyndon Baines Johnson Library and Museum and the Blanton Museum of Art, and operates various auxiliary research facilities, such as the J. J. Pickle Research Campus and the McDonald Observatory. Among university faculty are recipients of the Nobel Prize, Pulitzer Prize, the Wolf Prize, and the National Medal of Science, as well as many other awards.
/m/026mfbr	Step Brothers is a 2008 American buddy slapstick comedy film starring Will Ferrell and John C. Reilly. The screenplay was written by Will Ferrell and Adam McKay, from a story written by them with Reilly. It was produced by Jimmy Miller and Judd Apatow, and directed by McKay.\nThe film was released on July 25, 2008, roughly two years after the same group of men wrote, produced, and starred in another comedy, Talladega Nights.
/m/05zkcn5	The MTV Movie Award for Best Song from a Movie is an award presented to singers/groups for quality songs in films at the MTV Movie Awards, a ceremony established in 1992. Honors in several categories are awarded by MTV at the annual ceremonies, and are chosen by public votes. The MTV Movie Award for Best Song From a Movie was first given out in 1992 for Bryan Adams' \"Everything I Do I Do It For You\" from Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves. The award was last given out in 1999 and was replaced with Best Musical Sequence, but made a return in 2009. It was then retired afterwards. It later returned in 2012 renamed as Best Music. In 1996, Batman Forever and Waiting to Exhale each had two songs nominated in this category, with the former winning for \"Kiss From a Rose\". Bryan Adams, Bush and Whitney Houston have each won the Best Song honor from two nominations. Eric Clapton had received three nominations, and Boyz II Men, Céline Dion, Madonna, Bruce Springsteen and Sting have each been nominated twice.
/m/01zz8t	Olympia Dukakis is a Greek-American actress. In 1987, she won an Academy Award, a Golden Globe and a BAFTA nomination for her performance in Moonstruck. She received another Golden Globe nomination for Sinatra, and Emmy nominations for Lucky Day, More Tales of the City and Joan of Arc.
/m/02b10w	Wycombe Wanderers Football Club is an English professional football team from High Wycombe in Buckinghamshire. The club first entered the Football League in 1993 and currently plays in League Two. The club's nicknames are \"The Chairboys\" and \"The Blues\" and the name of their stadium is Adams Park.\nThe current manager of the club is Gareth Ainsworth, who was appointed as player/manager following a period during which he served as caretaker manager, after Gary Waddock was relieved of his duties following a 1–0 defeat at home to AFC Wimbledon on 22 September 2012. Ainsworth retired from playing at the end of the 2012–13 season. He is assisted by Richard Dobson.\nThe club was awarded the Family Club of the Year award twice in a row in 2006–07 and 2007–08. This is the only time that the award has been given to the same club in consecutive seasons. The club received a Football League Family Excellence Award after the 2009–10 and 2011–12 seasons.
/m/021npd	Scarborough is a town on the North Sea coast of North Yorkshire, England, within the borough of the same name. Historically part of the North Riding of Yorkshire, the modern town lies between 10-230 feet above sea level, rising steeply northward and westward from the harbour onto limestone cliffs. The older part of the town lies around the harbour and is protected by a rocky headland. It is one of the largest settlements in North Yorkshire.\nWith a population of around 50,000 in the town's boundaries, Scarborough is the largest holiday resort on the Yorkshire coast. The larger urban area including Scalby and Eastfield had a population of 57,649. It also has over 100,000 under the surrounding area within the district. The town varies greatly from area to area; it is home to residential communities, business, fishing and service industries, plus a growing digital and creative economy, but overall is a top tourist destination on the East Coast of England. It is often informally referred to as 'the Brighton of the North'.\nInhabitants of the town are generally referred to as Scarborians. Some natives of Whitby call people from Scarborough 'Algerinos'. The origin of this nickname is said to come from the sinking of a boat called The Algerino not far from Scarborough though no record has ever been found of a boat of this name. The most likely explanation is that Algerino comes from an ancient Latin term meaning 'Wise Leader'.
/m/03q64h	Akira Kamiya is a Japanese voice actor. He has been represented by Theater Echo, Aoni Production, and others. He is currently represented by Saeba Shoji.
/m/0n59f	Sussex County is the northernmost county in the State of New Jersey. Its county seat is Newton. It is part of the New York City Metropolitan Area. As of the 2010 United States Census, the county had 149,265 residents, an increase of 5,099 from the 144,166 persons enumerated in the 2000 Census, retaining its position as the 17th-most populous county among the state's 21 counties. Based on 2010 Census data, Vernon Township was the county's largest in both population and area, with a population of 23,943 and covering an area of 70.59 square miles. As of 2010 The Bureau of Economic Analysis ranked the county as having the 131st-highest per capita income of all 3,113 counties in the United States.\nBecause of its topography, Sussex County has remained relatively rural and forested area. The county is part of the Skylands Region, a term promoted by the New Jersey Commerce, Economic Growth, & Tourism Commission to encourage tourism. In the western half of the county, several state and federal parks have kept the large tracts of land undeveloped and in their natural state. The eastern half of the county has had more suburban development because of its proximity to more populated areas and commercial development zones.
/m/018d6l	John Symon Asher \"Jack\" Bruce is a Scottish musician and songwriter, known as a founder member of the British psychedelic rock power trio, Cream, in the late 1960s.\nHe has maintained a solo career to date that spans several decades, and also has participated in several critically acclaimed musical ensembles. Easily recognised as a memorable vocalist and bass guitarist, Bruce has been referred to as a \"World-class pioneer in his main instrument; a composer of some of the most endurable and recognisable rock songs of our time; an accomplished classical, jazz and Latin musician and one of popular music's most distinctive and evocative voices.\" Bruce is also trained as a classical cellist. However, despite all other genres of music with which he is associated, Bruce has always considered himself to be a jazz musician, although much of his catalogue of compositions and recordings tend to evoke the blues and rock and roll. The Sunday Times stated \"... many consider him to be one of the greatest bass players of all time.\"
/m/019g8j	Rugrats is an American animated television series created by Arlene Klasky, Gábor Csupó, and Paul Germain for Nickelodeon. The show focuses on a group of toddlers, most prominently Tommy, Chuckie, Phil, Lil, and Angelica, and their day-to-day lives, usually involving common life experiences that become adventures in the babies' imaginations. Adults in the series are almost always unaware of what the children are up to; however, this only provides more room for the babies to explore and discover their surroundings.\nThe series premiered on August 11, 1991, as the second Nicktoon after Doug and preceding The Ren & Stimpy Show. Production initially halted in 1993 after 65 episodes, with the last one airing on May 22, 1994. From 1995 to 1996, the only new episodes broadcast were \"A Rugrats Passover\" and \"A Rugrats Chanukah\", two heavily Jewish-themed episodes that both received much critical praise. New Rugrats episodes began airing regularly again in 1997, and The Rugrats Movie, which introduced the character of Tommy's younger brother Dil, was released in November 1998. A sequel titled Rugrats in Paris: The Movie came about in 2000, and the infant character Kimi and her mother Kira were added to the series' cast. Rugrats Go Wild, a crossover film with fellow Nicktoon The Wild Thornberrys, was released in 2003 to mixed reviews. The final episode aired on June 8, 2004, bringing the series to a total of 172 episodes and 9 seasons.
/m/03bxpt0	The NC State Wolfpack football team represents North Carolina State University in the sport of American football. The Wolfpack competes in the Football Bowl Subdivision of the National Collegiate Athletic Association and the Atlantic Division of the Atlantic Coast Conference. The team is currently coached by Dave Doeren. Prior to joining the ACC in 1953, the Wolfpack were a member of the Southern Conference. As a member of the ACC, the Wolfpack has won seven conference championships and participated in 25 bowl games, of which the team has won thirteen.\nSince 1966 the Wolfpack has played its home games in Carter-Finley Stadium. On September 16, 2010 NC State restored the tradition of having a live mascot on the field as a wolf-like Tamaskan Dog named \"Tuffy\" was on the sidelines for the Cincinnati game in Raleigh, North Carolina. Ever since then, Tuffy has not missed a Wolfpack football game in Carter-Finley Stadium.
/m/018zsw	The Canadian Army, formerly Land Force Command, is the army of Canada. The Canadian Army is one of three environmental commands within the unified Canadian Armed Forces. As of September 2013 the Army has 21,600 regular soldiers, about 24,000 reserve soldiers, and 5000 rangers, for a total of 50,600 soldiers. The Army is supported by 5,600 civilian employees. It maintains regular forces units at bases across Canada, and is also responsible for the Army Reserve, the largest component of the Primary Reserve. The Commander of the Canadian Army and Chief of the Army Staff is Lieutenant-General Marquis Hainse.\nThe name \"Canadian Army\" only came into official use beginning in 1940; from before Confederation until the Second World War the official designation was \"Canadian Militia\". On 1 April 1966, as a precursor to the unification of Canada's armed services, all land forces were placed under a new entity called Force Mobile Command. In 1968 the \"Canadian Army\" ceased to exist as a legal entity as the Royal Canadian Navy, Canadian Army, and Royal Canadian Air Force were merged to form a single service called the Canadian Armed Forces. Mobile Command was renamed Land Force Command in the 1993 reorganization of the Canadian Armed Forces. In August 2011, Land Force Command reverted to the pre-1968 title, the Canadian Army.
/m/01jq4b	Wake Forest University is a private, independent, nonprofit, non-sectarian, coeducational research university in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, founded in 1834. The university received its name from its original location in Wake Forest, north of Raleigh, North Carolina, the state capital. The Reynolda Campus, the university's main campus, is located north of downtown Winston-Salem, after the university moved there in 1956. The Wake Forest Baptist Medical Center campus is located nearby. The University also occupies lab space at Biotech Plaza, at the downtown Piedmont Research Park, and at the Center for Nanotechnology and Molecular Materials. The University's Babcock Graduate School of Management maintains a presence on the main campus in Winston-Salem and in Charlotte, North Carolina. In the 2014 U.S. News America's Best Colleges report, Wake Forest ranked 11th in terms of \"Best Undergraduate Teaching\" and 23rd overall among national universities.
/m/02b10g	Stockport County Football Club is an English association football club based in Stockport, Greater Manchester. Formed in 1883 as Heaton Norris Rovers, they adopted their current name in 1890 after the creation of the County Borough of Stockport. They have played at Edgeley Park since 1902, traditionally in blue and white. They are nicknamed The Hatters after the town's former hatmaking industry.\nStockport County joined the Football League in 1900 and competed in it continuously from 1905 to 2011. Having spent most of their history in the lower reaches of the Football League, the 1990s were more successful with the club competing in the First Division for five seasons. Instability on and off the pitch led to Stockport quickly falling back to the lower divisions. The club started the 2011–12 season in the Conference National, having been relegated from Football League Two at the end of 2010–11. They are currently the longest survived Football League team to drop out of the league, having played in the league for a total of 110 years. At the end of 2012–13, Stockport were relegated to the Conference North, 11 years after they had last competed in the second tier of English football and becoming the only team to drop from that tier to the sixth.
/m/06jvj7	Lester Don Holt, Jr. is an American news journalist who anchors the Weekend editions of NBC's Today, and NBC Nightly News. He is also the anchor for Dateline NBC.
/m/021npv	Tom Berenger is an American television and motion picture actor.
/m/0kwr	The Anglican Communion is an international association of churches consisting of the Church of England and of national and regional Anglican churches in full communion with it. The status of full communion means, ideally, that there is mutual agreement on essential doctrines and that full participation in the sacramental life of each church is available to all communicant Anglicans.\nThe Archbishop of Canterbury, Primate of All England, has a precedence of honour over the other archbishops of the Anglican Communion. He is recognized as primus inter pares, or first among equals. The archbishop does not exercise direct authority in the provinces outside England, but instead acts as a focus of unity.\nThe Anglican Communion considers itself to be part of the One, Holy, Catholic and Apostolic Church and to be both Catholic and Reformed. For some adherents it represents a non-papal Catholicism, for others a form of Protestantism though without a dominant guiding figure such as Luther, Knox, Calvin, Zwingli or Wesley. For others, their self-identity represents some combination of the two. The communion encompasses a wide spectrum of belief and practice including evangelical, liberal, and Catholic.
/m/01ljpm	Vassar College is a private, coeducational liberal arts college in the town of Poughkeepsie, New York, in the United States. The Vassar campus comprises over 1,000 acres and more than 100 buildings, including two National Historic Landmarks and an additional National Historic Place. These buildings range in style from Collegiate Gothic to International, designed over the course of the college’s history by a range of prominent architects, including James Renwick Jr., Eero Saarinen, Marcel Breuer, and Cesar Pelli. A designated arboretum, the campus features more than 200 species of trees, a native plant preserve, and a 400-acre ecological preserve.
/m/0btpm6	The Dark Knight is a 2008 British-American superhero film directed, produced, and cowritten by Christopher Nolan. Based on the DC Comics character Batman, the film is the second part of Nolan's Batman film series and a sequel to 2005's Batman Begins. Christian Bale reprises the lead role of Bruce Wayne/Batman, with a returning cast of Michael Caine as Alfred Pennyworth, Gary Oldman as James Gordon and Morgan Freeman as Lucius Fox. The film introduces the character of Harvey Dent, Gotham's newly elected District Attorney and the consort of Bruce Wayne's childhood friend Rachel Dawes, who joins Batman and the police in combating the new rising threat of a criminal mastermind calling himself \"The Joker\".\nNolan's inspiration for the film was the Joker's comic book debut in 1940, the 1988 graphic novel The Killing Joke, and the 1996 series The Long Halloween, which retold Two-Face's origin. The nickname \"the Dark Knight\" was first applied to Batman in Batman No. 1, in a story written by Bill Finger. The Dark Knight was filmed primarily in Chicago, as well as in several other locations in the United States, the United Kingdom, and Hong Kong. Nolan used an IMAX camera to film some sequences, including the Joker's first appearance in the film. On January 22, 2008, some months after he had completed filming on The Dark Knight and six months before the film's release, Heath Ledger died from a toxic combination of prescription drugs, leading to intense attention from the press and movie-going public. Warner Bros. had initially created a viral marketing campaign for The Dark Knight, developing promotional websites and trailers highlighting screenshots of Ledger as the Joker, but after Ledger's death, the studio refocused its promotional campaign.
/m/01w4c9	A djembe is a rope-tuned skin-covered goblet drum played with bare hands, originally from West Africa. According to the Bamana people in Mali, the name of the djembe comes from the saying \"Anke djé, anke bé\" which translates to \"everyone gather together in peace\" and defines the drum's purpose. In the Bambara language, \"djé\" is the verb for \"gather\" and \"bé\" translates as \"peace\".\nThe djembe has a body carved of hardwood and a drumhead made of untreated rawhide, most commonly made from goatskin. Excluding rings, djembes have an exterior diameter of 30–38 cm and a height of 58–63 cm. The majority have a diameter in the 13 to 14 inch range. The weight of a djembe ranges from 5 kg to 13 kg and depends on size and shell material. A medium-size djembe carved from one of the traditional woods weighs around 9 kg.\nThe djembe can produce a wide variety of sounds, making it a most versatile drum. The drum is very loud, allowing it to be heard clearly as a solo instrument over a large percussion ensemble. The Malinké people say that a skilled drummer is one who \"can make the djembe talk\", meaning that the player can tell an emotional story.
/m/02p72j	The Kiel University is a university in the city of Kiel, Germany. It was founded in 1665 as the Academia Holsatorum Chiloniensis by Christian Albert, Duke of Holstein-Gottorp and has approximately 24,000 students today. The University of Kiel is the largest, oldest, and most prestigious in the state of Schleswig-Holstein. Until 1864/66 it was not only the northernmost university in Germany but at the same time the 2nd largest university of Denmark.
/m/04nc_7	Season of Mist is an independent record label and record distributor with subsidiaries in France and the United States. The record label was founded in 1996 by Michael S. Berberian in Marseille, France. From the start releasing black metal, pagan metal and death metal records, the label moved on to releasing albums of avant-garde metal, gothic metal and punk bands as well. Season of Mist is widely respected as one of the top labels in the extreme metal scene. The label has two offices, one in Marseille, France and one in Philadelphia, U.S..\nSeason of Mist has a partnership with EMI Music who distribute the label's releases worldwide.
/m/035_2h	Dick Tracy is a 1990 American action film based on the 1930s comic strip character of the same name created by Chester Gould. Warren Beatty produced, directed, and starred in the film, which features supporting roles from Al Pacino, Charles Durning, Madonna, Dustin Hoffman, William Forsythe, Glenne Headly, Paul Sorvino, Dick Van Dyke, and Charlie Korsmo. Dick Tracy depicts the detective's love relationships with Breathless Mahoney and Tess Truehart, as well as his conflicts with crime boss Alphonse \"Big Boy\" Caprice. Tracy also begins his upbringing of \"The Kid.\"\nDevelopment of the film started in the early 1980s with Tom Mankiewicz assigned to write the script. The screenplay would instead be crafted by Jim Cash and Jack Epps, Jr., both of Top Gun fame. The project also went through directors Steven Spielberg, John Landis, Walter Hill, and Richard Benjamin before the arrival of Beatty. Filming was mostly at Universal Studios. Danny Elfman was hired to compose the film score, and the music was featured on three separate soundtrack albums.\nDick Tracy was released in 1990 to mixed reviews, but was generally a success at the box office and at awards time. It picked up seven Academy Award nominations and won in three of the categories: Best Original Song, Best Makeup and Best Art Direction. A sequel was planned, but a controversy over the film rights ensued between Beatty and Tribune Media Services, and the lawsuit continues, so a second film has not been produced.
/m/021yyx	The Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina is one of the two political entities that compose the sovereign country of Bosnia and Herzegovina. The two entities are delineated by the Inter-Entity Boundary Line. The Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina is inhabited primarily by Bosniaks and Bosnian Croats, which is why it is sometimes informally referred to as the Bosniak-Croat Federation.\nThe Federation was created by the Washington accords signed on 18 March 1994 ending the part of the conflict whereby Bosnian Croats fought with Bosniaks. It established a constituent assembly that continued its work until October 1996. The Federation has a capital, government, president, parliament, customs and police departments, two postal systems and airline. It had its own army, the Army of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina but merged with the Army of the Republika Srpska into the Armed Forces of Bosnia and Herzegovina, controlled by the Ministry of Defence of Bosnia and Herzegovina since 6 June 2006.
/m/04bbpm	Indiana University of Pennsylvania is a public university in Indiana County, Pennsylvania, USA. It is the largest university in the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education and is the commonwealth's fifth largest university. As of fall 2013, IUP had 12,471 undergraduates and 2,257 graduate students attending the university. The university is 55 miles northeast of Pittsburgh. It is governed by a local Council of Trustees and the Board of Governors of the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education. IUP has branch campuses at Punxsutawney, Northpointe, and Monroeville. IUP is accredited by Middle States Association of Colleges and Universities, NCATE, and AACSB. A research-intensive institution, the university has been included in the 2013 list of \"Best Northeastern\" schools by The Princeton Review, and IUP's Eberly College of Business was included in the list of \"Best Business Schools\" in the northeast.
/m/02qjb7z	The City of Halifax was an incorporated city in Nova Scotia, Canada, which was established as the Town of Halifax in 1749, and incorporated as a city in 1842. On April 1, 1996, the government of Nova Scotia dissolved the City of Halifax, and amalgamated the four municipalities within Halifax County and formed Halifax Regional Municipality, a single-tier regional government covering that whole area. The city was the capital of Nova Scotia and shire town of Halifax County. It was also the largest city in Atlantic Canada.\nThe Town of Halifax was founded by British government under the direction of the Board of Trade and Plantations under the command of Governor Edward Cornwallis in 1749. The British founding of Halifax initiated Father Le Loutre's War. During the war, Mi'kmaq and Acadians raided the capital region 13 times.\nHalifax was founded below a glacial drumlin that would later be named Citadel Hill. The outpost was named in honour of George Montague-Dunk, 2nd Earl of Halifax, who was the President of the British Board of Trade. Halifax was ideal for a military base, with the vast Halifax Harbour, among the largest natural harbours in the world, which could be well protected with batteries at McNab's Island, the North West Arm, Point Pleasant, George's Island and York Redoubt. In its early years, Citadel Hill was used as a command and observation post, before changes in artillery that could range out into the harbour.
/m/04hzfz	IK Start is a Norwegian football club from the town of Kristiansand, currently playing in Tippeligaen having been promoted from Adeccoligaen in 2012. The club was founded on 19 September 1905. The coach is Mons Ivar Mjelde. The team plays in yellow jerseys, black shorts and yellow socks at home, and blue jerseys, white shorts and blue socks away.\nThey play their home matches at Sør Arena, the club's own football stadium, opened in 2007. Before moving to Sør Arena, IK Start played their games at Kristiansand Stadion. The team's official supporter club is called \"Tigerberget\"\nStart's style of playing is often described as 'makrellfotball', meaning the whole team is in constant, coordinated motion. Another feature of their playing style is the so-called 'Start-vippen', where the ball at a free-kick is tipped up by one player before hit by another.
/m/0bh8yn3	Green Lantern is a 2011 action fantasy film written by Greg Berlanti, Michael Green and Marc Guggenheim and directed by Martin Campbell.
/m/06wjf	Shanghai is the largest Chinese city by population and the largest city proper by population in the world. It is one of the four direct-controlled municipalities, with a total population of near 24 million as of 2013. It is a global financial center, and a transport hub with the world's busiest container port. Located in the Yangtze River Delta in East China, Shanghai sits at the mouth of the Yangtze River in the middle portion of the Chinese coast. The municipality borders the provinces of Jiangsu and Zhejiang to the north, south and west, and is bounded to the east by the East China Sea.\nFor centuries a major administrative, shipping, and trading town, Shanghai grew in importance in the 19th century due to European recognition of its favorable port location and economic potential. The city was one of several opened to foreign trade following the British victory over China in the First Opium War and the subsequent 1842 Treaty of Nanking which allowed the establishment of the Shanghai International Settlement. The city then flourished as a center of commerce between east and west, and became the undisputed financial hub of the Asia Pacific in the 1930s. However, with the Communist Party takeover of the mainland in 1949, trade was reoriented to focus on socialist countries, and the city's global influence declined. In the 1990s, the economic reforms introduced by Deng Xiaoping resulted in an intense re-development of the city, aiding the return of finance and foreign investment to the city.
/m/01g23m	Kate Garry Hudson is an American actress. She came to prominence in 2001 after winning a Golden Globe and receiving several nominations, including one for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress, for her role in Almost Famous. She then starred in the hit film How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days in 2003. She has since appeared in films such as Raising Helen, The Skeleton Key, You, Me and Dupree, Fool's Gold and Bride Wars. She has played a recurring role on the musical comedy-drama television series Glee as Cassandra July.
/m/0gqrb	Yul Brynner was a Russian-born United States-based Eurasian actor of stage and film. He was best known for his portrayal of the King of Siam in the Rodgers and Hammerstein musical The King and I, for which he won two Tony Awards and an Academy Award for the film version; he played the role 4,625 times on stage. He is also remembered as Rameses II in the 1956 Cecil B. DeMille blockbuster The Ten Commandments, General Bounine in the 1956 film Anastasia and Chris Adams in The Magnificent Seven. Brynner was noted for his distinctive voice and for his shaved head, which he maintained as a personal trademark long after adopting it in 1951 for his role in The King and I. Earlier, he was a model and television director, and later a photographer and the author of two books.
/m/013sg6	Vincent Leonard Price, Jr. was an American actor, well known for his distinctive voice and serio-comic performances in a series of horror films made in the latter part of his career.
/m/0443xn	Mitchell Craig \"Mitch\" Pileggi is an American actor, best known for his role as Walter Skinner on The X-Files. He also had a recurring role on Stargate Atlantis as Colonel Steven Caldwell. He appeared in the 2008 film Flash of Genius. In 2008, he began a recurring role as Ernest Darby in Sons of Anarchy. In 2012, he began starring in TNT's Dallas as Harris Ryland.
/m/0l_tn	Matanuska-Susitna Borough is a borough located in the state of Alaska, United States. As of 2010, the population was 88,995. The borough seat is Palmer and the largest city in the borough is Wasilla. The Borough is part of the Anchorage Metropolitan Statistical Area.\nThe Mat-Su Borough is so designated because it contains the entire Matanuska and Susitna Rivers. These rivers empty into Cook Inlet which is the southern border of the Mat-Su Borough. This area is one of the few agricultural areas of Alaska.
/m/02py9yf	Chuck is an American action-comedy/spy-drama television series created by Josh Schwartz and Chris Fedak. The series is about an \"average computer-whiz-next-door\" named Chuck, played by Zachary Levi, who receives an encoded e-mail from an old college friend now working for the Central Intelligence Agency; the message embeds the only remaining copy of a software program containing the United States' greatest spy secrets into Chuck's brain.\nProduced by College Hill Pictures, Fake Empire Productions, Wonderland Sound and Vision, and Warner Bros. Television, the series premiered on September 24, 2007, on NBC, airing on Monday nights at 8/7c.\nAs the second season closed, flagging ratings put Chuck in danger of cancellation, but fans mounted a successful campaign to encourage NBC to renew the show. The campaign was unique in that fans specifically targeted a sponsor of the show, the Subway restaurant chain, and the chain struck a major sponsorship deal with NBC to help cover costs of the third season. The series' renewal was uncertain in each subsequent season. The fifth season was the last; it began on October 28, 2011, moving to Friday nights at 8pm/7 Central. The series concluded on January 27, 2012 with a two-hour finale.
/m/01ynvx	Revelation Records is an independent record label focusing originally and primarily on hardcore punk. The label is known for its role in the evolution of hardcore and metallic post-hardcore with important releases by bands such as Youth of Today, Warzone, Sick of It All, Quicksand, Side By Side, Chain of Strength, Shelter, Judge, No For An Answer, and End of a Year.\nRevelation, along with the bands it put out in the late 1980s, is usually credited with creating and cementing the \"youth crew\" sound as well as New York hardcore, which bridged the gap from the earlier bands of almost a decade before and helped carry the music through the early 1990s. To date, the label's best selling releases have been Gorilla Biscuits' Start Today, Inside Out's No Spiritual Surrender and the In-Flight Program compilation.
/m/0ck1d	Aquitaine, archaic Guyenne/Guienne, is one of the 27 Regions of France, in the south-western part of Metropolitan France, along the Atlantic Ocean and the Pyrenees mountain range on the border with Spain. It is composed of the 5 departments of Dordogne, Lot et Garonne, Pyrénées-Atlantiques, Landes and Gironde. In the Middle Ages Aquitaine was a kingdom and a duchy, whose boundaries fluctuated considerably.
/m/04dyqk	Benjamin \"Bob\" Clark was an American actor, director, screenwriter and producer best known for directing and writing the script with Jean Shepherd to the 1983 Christmas film A Christmas Story. Although he worked primarily in the United States, from 1973 to 1983 he worked in Canada and was responsible for some of most successful films in Canadian history such as Black Christmas, Murder by Decree, Tribute, and Porky's.
/m/02pt27	Stephen Richard \"Steve\" Hackett is a British singer-songwriter and guitarist. He gained prominence as a member of the British progressive rock group Genesis, which he joined in 1970 and left in 1977 to pursue a solo career. Hackett contributed to six Genesis studio albums, three live albums and seven singles.\nIn 1986, Hackett co-founded the supergroup GTR with another progressive guitarist, Steve Howe of Yes and Asia. The group released a self-titled album that year, which peaked at #11 on the Billboard 200 in the United States and spawned the Top 20 single \"When the Heart Rules the Mind\". When Hackett left GTR in 1987, the group disbanded.\nAfter leaving GTR, Hackett resumed his solo career and has released albums and toured on a regular basis since. His body of work has encompassed many styles, such as progressive rock, world music, and classical. His playing has influenced guitarists such as Eddie Van Halen, Alex Lifeson, Brian May and Steve Rothery. He was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of Genesis in 2010.
/m/0329t7	The Macedonian national football team is the national football team of the Republic of Macedonia and is controlled by the Football Federation of Macedonia. Due to an ongoing name dispute, it enters international competitions under its country's provisional appellation as \"FYR Macedonia\". The venue for home games is the Philip II Arena in Skopje.\nOn 12 August 2009, as part of the 100-year anniversary of football in Macedonia, the national team played a friendly match against the current European champions Spain. Star player Goran Pandev scored two goals in the first half to give Macedonia a 2–0 lead before Spain scored three goals in the second half to record the 3–2 victory in front of a record crowd of 30,000 at the renovated Philip II Arena.
/m/07bxqz	Radio Days is a 1987 comedy film directed by Woody Allen. The film looks back on an American family's life during the Golden Age of Radio using both music and memories to tell the story.
/m/0qkj7	Louis Francis Cristillo, known by the stage name Lou Costello, was an American actor and comedian best remembered for the comedy double act of Abbott and Costello, with Bud Abbott. Costello played a chubby, bumbling character. He was known for the catchphrases \"Heeeeyyy, Abbott!\" and \"I'm a baaaaad boy!\"
/m/01s0t3	Heart of Midlothian Football Club is a Scottish professional football club based in Gorgie, in the west of Edinburgh. It is one of two Scottish Premiership clubs in the city, the other being Edinburgh derby rivals Hibernian. Heart of Midlothian is the oldest football club in the Scottish capital, having formed in 1874 by a group of friends from the Heart of Midlothian Dancing Club. The modern club crest is based on the Heart of Midlothian mosaic on the city's Royal Mile and the teams colours are predominantly maroon and white. Hearts play at Tynecastle Stadium, where home matches have been played since 1886. After renovating the ground into an all-seater stadium following the findings of the Taylor Report in 1990, the stadium originally had a capacity of 18,008, but over the years this has been reduced to roughly 17,000 in order to comply with UEFA regulations.\nHearts have won the Scottish league championship four times, most recently in 1959–60, where they also retained the Scottish League Cup to complete a League and League Cup double – the only club outside of the Old Firm to achieve the feat. The club's famous 1957–58 league winning side, led up front by Jimmy Wardhaugh, Willie Bauld and Alfie Conn, Sr., who were affectionately known as The Terrible Trio, set the record for the number of goals scored in a league campaign and became the only side to finish a season with a goal difference exceeding 100. Hearts have won the Scottish Cup eight times, most recently in 2012 after a 5–1 demolition of city-rivals Hibernian and the Scottish League Cup a total of four times, most recently in 1962 after a 1–0 victory against Kilmarnock. The most recent Scottish League Cup Final appearance was in 2013 when they lost to St Mirren 3–2, despite a double from Ryan Stevenson.
/m/01mb87	Elmira is a city in Chemung County, New York, USA. It is the principal city of the 'Elmira, New York Metropolitan Statistical Area' which encompasses Chemung County, New York. The population was 29,200 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Chemung County.\nThe City of Elmira is located in the south-central part of the county, surrounded on three sides by the Town of Elmira. It is in the Southern Tier of New York a short distance north of the Pennsylvania state line.
/m/01nrq5	Jesse Donald \"Don\" Knotts was an American comedic actor best known for his portrayal of Barney Fife on the 1960s television sitcom The Andy Griffith Show, a role which earned him five Emmy Awards. He also played landlord Ralph Furley on the 1970s and 1980s television sitcom Three's Company.\nIn 1996, TV Guide ranked him # 27 on its 50 Greatest TV Stars of All Time list.
/m/02vwckw	Tramar Lacel Dillard, better known by his stage name Flo Rida, is an American rapper. He is known for hit songs such as \"Low\", featuring T-Pain, which was a number 1 hit for 10 weeks in the United States in 2008, and \"Right Round\", featuring Kesha, which was a number 1 hit for six weeks; both songs broke the record for digital download sales when they were released. Other international hit singles he has had including \"Club Can't Handle Me\", \"Good Feeling\", \"Wild Ones\" and \"Whistle\". He has frequently collaborated with other artists, both on his and others' tracks. Hit songs by other artists featuring Flo Rida include \"Running Back\" by Jessica Mauboy, \"Bad Boys\" by Alexandra Burke, and \"Troublemaker\" by Olly Murs.\nFlo Rida has released four albums so far: Mail on Sunday in 2008, R.O.O.T.S. in 2009, Only One Flo in 2010, and Wild Ones in 2012.
/m/0f2df	James David Graham Niven was an English actor and novelist who was popular in Europe and in the United States. He may be best known for his roles as Squadron Leader Peter Carter in A Matter of Life and Death, as Phileas Fogg in Around the World in 80 Days and as Sir Charles Lytton, a.k.a. \"the Phantom\", in The Pink Panther. He was awarded the Academy Award for Best Actor for his performance in Separate Tables.\nBorn in London, Niven attended Heatherdown Preparatory School and Stowe before gaining a place at the Royal Military College, Sandhurst. After Sandhurst he was gazetted a lieutenant in the Highland Light Infantry. Having developed an interest in acting, he left the Highland Light Infantry, travelled to Hollywood and had several minor roles in film. He first appeared as an extra in the British film There Goes the Bride. From there, he hired an agent and had several small parts in films from 1933 to 1935, including a non-speaking part in MGM's Mutiny on the Bounty. This brought him to wider attention within the film industry and he was spotted by Samuel Goldwyn. Upon the outbreak of the Second World War, Niven returned to Britain and rejoined the army, being re-commissioned as a lieutenant.
/m/015zxh	La Jolla is an affluent neighborhood in San Diego, California. It is a hilly seaside community, occupying 7 miles of curving coastline along the Pacific Ocean within the northern city limits. La Jolla had the highest home prices in the nation in 2008 and 2009; the average price of a standardized four-bedroom home in La Jolla was reported as US $1.842 million in 2008 and US $2.125 million in 2009. The 2004 estimated population of the 92037 ZIP code was 42,808 while the La Jolla community planning area had an estimated population of 31,746 in 2010. La Jolla is surrounded on three sides by ocean bluffs and beaches and is located 12 miles north of Downtown San Diego, and 40 miles south of Orange County California, The climate is mild, with an average daily temperature of 70.5 °F La Jolla is home to a variety of businesses in the areas of lodging, dining, shopping, software, finance, real estate, bio-engineering, medical practice and scientific research.\nThe University of California, San Diego is located in La Jolla, as are the Salk Institute, Scripps Institution of Oceanography, Scripps Research Institute, and the headquarters of National University.
/m/03ywyk	Cheryl Ruth Hines is an American actress, comedian, producer and director, known for her role as Larry David's wife Cheryl on HBO's Curb Your Enthusiasm, for which she was nominated for two Emmy Awards. She is currently starring as Dallas Royce on the ABC sitcom Suburgatory. In 2009, she made her directorial debut with Serious Moonlight. She is also a professional poker player with career winning of $50,000.
/m/0bzm81	The 54th Academy Awards were presented March 29, 1982 at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion, Los Angeles. The ceremonies were presided over by Johnny Carson.\nChariots of Fire was the surprise winner of the Best Picture Oscar. It was the first time in 13 years that a British film won the Academy's top honor. Next year's winner, Gandhi, was also a British production.\nHenry Fonda won his only competitive Oscar this year, as Best Actor for On Golden Pond. At 76 years of age, Fonda became the oldest winner in the Best Actor category in Academy history. The only other nomination he received in his career was Best Actor for his performance in The Grapes of Wrath 41 years ago - a record gap between acting nominations. His co-star, Katharine Hepburn, won her fourth Best Actress award, extending her own record for the most Best Actress wins by any actress.\nThis year's nominations also marked the second time that three different films were nominated for the \"Top Five\" Academy Awards: Best Picture, Director, Actor, Actress and Screenplay. The three films were On Golden Pond, Atlantic City and Reds. However, none of them won the Best Picture prize, losing to Chariots of Fire. This also marked the first year that the award for Best Makeup was presented; the winner was Rick Baker for his work on An American Werewolf in London.
/m/05fw6t	Children's music is music composed and performed for children by adults. In European-influenced contexts this means music, usually songs, written specifically for a juvenile audience. The composers are usually adults. Children's music has historically held both entertainment and educational functions. Children's music is often designed to provide an entertaining means of teaching children about their culture, other cultures, good behavior, facts and skills. Many are folk songs, but there is a whole genre of educational music that has become increasingly popular.
/m/01gjlw	Association Sportive de Monaco Football Club is a French-registered Monaco-based football club. The club was founded in 1924 and plays in Ligue 1, the top tier of French football. The team plays its home matches at the Stade Louis II in Fontvieille. Monaco is managed by Claudio Ranieri and captained by Éric Abidal.\nThough based in Monaco, the club is regarded as a French club, as the club plays in the French football league system, and because the principality of Monaco is not a member of UEFA. Monaco is one of the most successful clubs in France, having won seven league titles and five Coupe de France trophies. The club has also regularly competed in European football having been runners-up in the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup in 1992 and the UEFA Champions League in 2004, respectively.\nMonaco enjoyed success in the 1970s and late 1980s during the managerial tenures of Lucien Leduc and Arsène Wenger, during which the club was amongst the leading lights of European football. Monaco's traditional colours are red and white, and the club is known as Les Rouge et Blanc. Monaco is also a member of the European Club Association. In December 2011, two-thirds of the club was sold to an investment group led by Russian billionaire Dmitry Rybolovlev. With Rybolovlev's financial backing, the club quickly returned to Ligue 1 and brought in several top-rated players, including Radamel Falcao, João Moutinho, James Rodríguez, Ricardo Carvalho, Éric Abidal, Jérémy Toulalan.
/m/0cmc26r	A Dangerous Method is a 2011 historical film directed by David Cronenberg and starring Keira Knightley, Viggo Mortensen, Michael Fassbender, and Vincent Cassel. The screenplay was adapted by writer Christopher Hampton from his 2002 stage play The Talking Cure, which was based on the 1993 non-fiction book by John Kerr, A Most Dangerous Method: The story of Jung, Freud, and Sabina Spielrein.\nThe film marks the third consecutive collaboration between Cronenberg and Viggo Mortensen. This is also the third Cronenberg film made with British film producer Jeremy Thomas, after completing together the William Burroughs adaptation Naked Lunch and the J.G. Ballard adaptation Crash. A Dangerous Method was a German/Canadian co-production. The film premiered at the 68th Venice Film Festival and was also featured at the 2011 Toronto International Film Festival.\nSet on the eve of World War I, A Dangerous Method describes the turbulent relationships between Carl Jung, founder of analytical psychology, Sigmund Freud, founder of the discipline of psychoanalysis, and Sabina Spielrein, initially a patient of Jung and later a physician and one of the first female psychoanalysts.
/m/0m0bj	Lancaster, or is the county town of Lancashire, England It is situated on the River Lune and has a population of 45,952. Lancaster is a constituent settlement of the wider City of Lancaster, a local government district which has a population of 133,914 and encompasses several outlying settlements, including neighbouring Morecambe.\nLong existing as a commercial, cultural and educational centre, Lancaster is the settlement that gives Lancashire its name. Lancaster has several unique ties to the British monarchy; the House of Lancaster was a branch of the English royal family, whilst the Duchy of Lancaster holds large estates on behalf of Elizabeth II, who herself is also the Duke of Lancaster. Lancaster was granted city status in 1937 for its \"long association with the crown\" and because it was \"the county town of the King's Duchy of Lancaster\".\nWith its history based on its port and canal, Lancaster is an ancient settlement, dominated by Lancaster Castle. It is also home to the collegiate and campus-based Lancaster University and a campus of the University of Cumbria.
/m/0gvt8sz	The Winnipeg Jets are a professional ice hockey team based in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. They are members of the Central Division of the Western Conference of the National Hockey League. The team is owned by True North Sports & Entertainment, which relocated and renamed the former Atlanta Thrashers franchise prior to the 2011–12 NHL season.\nThe team plays its home games at the MTS Centre and take their name after Winnipeg's original WHA/NHL team.
/m/05nzw6	Bruce Travis McGill is an American actor who has an extensive list of credits in film and television. He is perhaps best known for his role as Jack Dalton on the television series MacGyver and as Daniel Simpson \"D-Day\" Day in National Lampoon's Animal House.
/m/088xp	The Democratic Republic of the Congo, sometimes referred to as DR Congo, Congo-Kinshasa, DROC, or RDC, is a country located in the African Great Lakes region of Central Africa. It is the second largest country in Africa by area and the eleventh largest in the world. With a population of over 75 million, the Democratic Republic of the Congo is the nineteenth most populous nation in the world, the fourth most populous nation in Africa, as well as the most populous officially Francophone country.\nIt borders the Central African Republic and South Sudan to the north; Uganda, Rwanda, and Burundi in the east; Zambia and Angola to the south; the Republic of the Congo, the Angolan exclave of Cabinda, and the Atlantic Ocean to the west; and is separated from Tanzania by Lake Tanganyika in the east. The country has access to the ocean through a 40-kilometre stretch of Atlantic coastline at Muanda and the roughly 9 km wide mouth of the Congo River which opens into the Gulf of Guinea. It has the second-highest total Christian population in Africa.\nThe Second Congo War, beginning in 1998, devastated the country and is sometimes referred to as the \"African world war\" because it involved nine African nations and twenty armed groups. Despite the signing of peace accords in 2003, fighting continued in the east of the country in 2007. There, the prevalence of rape and other sexual violence has been described as the worst in the world. The war is the world's deadliest conflict since the Chinese Civil War, killing 5.4 million people since 1998. More than 90% were not killed in combat, dying instead from malaria, diarrhea, pneumonia and malnutrition, aggravated by displaced populations living in unsanitary and over-crowded conditions that lacked access to shelter, water, food and medicine. Forty seven percent of those deaths were children under five. Even to this day the ongoing conflicts exacerbate the exhaustion of the country's great agricultural potential. Conflict for control of the mineral wealth is behind some of the most violent atrocities. Congo has, shared with Niger, a HDI rating of 304, the lowest in the world. It is also the country with the world's lowest Gross National Income with a GNI of $190.
/m/01s3vk	Edward Scissorhands is a 1990 American romantic dark fantasy film directed by Tim Burton and starring Johnny Depp. The film shows the story of an artificial man named Edward, an unfinished creation who has scissors for hands. Edward is taken in by a suburban family and falls in love with their teenage daughter Kim. Supporting roles are portrayed by Winona Ryder, Dianne Wiest, Anthony Michael Hall, Kathy Baker, Vincent Price, and Alan Arkin.\nBurton conceived the idea for Edward Scissorhands from his childhood upbringing in suburban Burbank, California. During pre-production of Beetlejuice, Caroline Thompson was hired to adapt Burton's story into a screenplay, and the film began development at 20th Century Fox, after Warner Bros. passed on the project. Edward Scissorhands was then fast tracked after Burton's success with Batman. Before Depp's casting, the leading role of Edward had been connected to Tom Cruise, Tom Hanks, Robert Downey, Jr., and William Hurt, while the role of The Inventor was written specifically for Vincent Price, and was ultimately his final performance on film.\nThe majority of filming took place in the Tampa Bay Area of Florida between March and June 1990. Edward's scissor hands were created and designed by Stan Winston. The film is also the fourth feature collaboration between Burton and film score composer Danny Elfman. Edward Scissorhands was released with positive feedback from critics, and was a financial success. The film received numerous nominations at the Academy Awards, British Academy Film Awards, Saturn Awards, as well as winning the Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation. Both Burton and Elfman consider Edward Scissorhands their most personal and favorite work.
/m/0fxwx	Montgomery County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. The county was created by an act of the Congress of the Republic of Texas on December 14, 1837. The county is named for the town of Montgomery. As of the 2010 census, its population was 455,746. The county seat is Conroe. Between 2000 and 2010, its population grew by 55%, the 24th-fastest rate of growth of any county in the United States.\nMontgomery County is part of the Houston–The Woodlands–Sugar Land metropolitan area.
/m/0cqh46	The Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Miniseries or Television Movie is an award given by the Screen Actors Guild to honor the finest acting achievements in Miniseries or Television Movie.
/m/05yzt_	Carmine Coppola was an American composer, flautist, editor, musical director, and songwriter who contributed original music to The Godfather, The Godfather Part II, The Godfather Part III, and Apocalypse Now, all directed by his son Francis Ford Coppola.
/m/0dlxj	Minsk is the capital and largest city of Belarus, situated on the Svislach and Nyamiha rivers. It is the administrative centre of the Commonwealth of Independent States. As the national capital, Minsk has a special administrative status in Belarus and is the administrative centre of Minsk Region and Minsk raion. In 2013, it had a population of 2,002,600.\nThe earliest historical references to Minsk date to the 11th century, when it was noted as a provincial city within the principality of Polotsk. The settlement developed on the rivers. In 1242, Minsk became a part of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania. It received town privileges in 1499.\nFrom 1569, it was a capital of the Minsk Voivodship in the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth. It was part of a region annexed by the Russian Empire in 1793, as a consequence of the Second Partition of Poland. From 1919–1991, after the Russian Revolution, Minsk was the capital of the Belorussian Soviet Socialist Republic within the Soviet Union.
/m/0hnp7	Errol Leslie Thomson Flynn was an Australian actor. He was known for his romantic swashbuckler roles in Hollywood films and his playboy lifestyle. He became a naturalized American citizen in 1942.
/m/0404yzp	Syrianska Football Club, also known simply as Syrianska FC, are a Swedish professional football club based in Södertälje. The club were founded by Arameans in 1977, as Suryoyo Sportklubb or simply Suryoyo SK. In 1986 the name was changed to Syrianska SK, but later the club adopted its present name as the club grew and advanced through the league system. After two years in Superettan, Syrianska were promoted to the highest tier in Swedish football, Allsvenskan in 2010, for the first time in the club's history, making them the 61st team to play in Allsvenskan.\nThe Syriac people do not have an official national team, and Syrianska is often viewed as its substitute.\nThe club has a fan base from all over the world. Their promotion to Allsvenskan gained extensive coverage in Swedish TV sports programs, documentaries and magazines, as well as in non-Swedish magazines.
/m/07bx6	The Rock is a 1996 action film that primarily takes place on Alcatraz Island and in the San Francisco Bay Area. It was directed by Michael Bay, produced by Don Simpson and Jerry Bruckheimer, and stars Sean Connery, Nicolas Cage and Ed Harris. The film is dedicated to Simpson, who died five months before its release. This was the first film on which Cage and Bruckheimer worked together. The film received generally favorable reviews from critics and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Sound Mixing at the 69th Academy Awards.
/m/0261x8t	Kimberly Noel \"Kim\" Kardashian is an American television personality, fashion designer, model, and actress. Born and raised in Los Angeles, California, she first garnered media attention through her then-friend Paris Hilton. In 2007, Kardashian came to prominence after a sex tape with her then-boyfriend Ray J was leaked. Later that year, she and her family were commissioned to star in the reality television series Keeping Up with the Kardashians. Its success has led to the creation of spin-offs including Kourtney and Kim Take New York and Kourtney and Kim Take Miami. In 2010, Kardashian was named the highest-paid reality television personality, with estimated earnings of $6 million.\nIn August 2011, Kardashian married basketball player Kris Humphries in a widely publicized ceremony. After 72 days of marriage, she filed for a divorce, which was finalized in June 2013 with an undisclosed settlement. The same month, Kardashian gave birth to a daughter, North, from her relationship with rapper Kanye West. She began dating West in April 2012, and they became engaged in October 2013.\nWith sisters Kourtney and Khloé, Kardashian is involved in the retail and fashion industries. They have launched several clothing collections and fragrances, and additionally released the book Kardashian Konfidential in 2010.
/m/0n1h	An artist is a person engaged in one or more of any of a broad spectrum of activities related to creating art, practicing the arts, and/or demonstrating an art. The common usage in both everyday speech and academic discourse is a practitioner in the visual arts only. The term is often used in the entertainment business, especially in a business context, for musicians and other performers. \"Artiste\" is a variant used in English only in this context. Use of the term to describe writers, for example, is certainly valid, but less common, and mostly restricted to contexts like criticism.
/m/0381pn	History is an American basic cable and satellite television channel that is owned by A+E Networks, a joint venture between the Hearst Corporation and the Disney–ABC Television Group division of The Walt Disney Company.\nIt originally broadcast documentary programs and historical fiction series. However since 2008, it has mostly broadcast a variety of reality television series and other non-history related content. Additionally, the network is frequently criticized by scientists and skeptics for broadcasting pseudo-documentaries, unsubstantiated and sensational investigative programming, such as Ancient Aliens, UFO Files, Brad Meltzer's Decoded and the Nostradamus Effect. As of August 2013, approximately 98,226,000 American households receive History.\nInternational localized versions of History are available, in various forms, in Canada, Europe, Australia, Middle East, Africa, and Latin America. The first European version was launched in Scandinavia in 1997 by Viasat which now operates their own channel, Viasat History.
/m/06l22	Real Madrid Club de Fútbol, commonly known as Real Madrid, is a professional football club based in Madrid, Spain.\nFounded in 1902 as Madrid Football Club, has traditionally worn a white home kit since. The word Real is Spanish for royal and was bestowed to the club by King Alfonso XIII in 1920 together with the royal crown in the emblem. The team has played its home matches in the 85,454-capacity Santiago Bernabéu Stadium in downtown Madrid since 1947. Unlike most European football clubs, Real Madrid's members have owned and operated the club since its inception.\nThe club is the world's richest football club in terms of revenue, with an annual turnover of €513 million, and the most valuable sports team, worth €3.3 billion. It is one of three clubs to have never been relegated from the top flight of Spanish football, along with Athletic Bilbao and Barcelona. Real Madrid holds many long-standing rivalries, most notably El Clásico with FC Barcelona and El Derbi madrileño with Atlético Madrid.\nThe club established itself as a major force in both Spanish and European football during the 1950s. Domestically, Real Madrid has won a record 32 La Liga titles, 18 Copas del Rey, 9 Supercopas de España, 1 Copa Eva Duarte and 1 Copa de la Liga. Internationally it has won a record nine European Cup/UEFA Champions League titles and a joint record three Intercontinental Cups, as well as two UEFA Cups, and one UEFA Super Cup.
/m/02qr3k8	Terror in the Aisles is a 1984 documentary film about horror films featuring clips from Friday the 13th I and/or II, The Texas Chain Saw Massacre, Halloween I and II, Jaws 1 and 2, Alien, John Carpenter's The Thing, The Shining and Alfred Hitchcock's Psycho and The Birds. The film is hosted by Donald Pleasence and Nancy Allen. The original music score is composed by John Beal.
/m/01g0jn	Derek Sanderson Jeter is an American baseball shortstop who has played 19 seasons in Major League Baseball for the New York Yankees. A five-time World Series champion, Jeter is regarded as a central figure of the Yankees during their success of the late 1990s and early 2000s due to his hitting ability, baserunning, fielding, and leadership. He is the Yankees' all-time career leader in hits, games played, stolen bases, and at bats. His accolades include thirteen All-Star selections, five Gold Glove Awards, five Silver Slugger Awards, two Hank Aaron Awards, and a Roberto Clemente Award. Jeter is the all-time MLB leader in hits by a shortstop, and the 28th player to reach 3,000 hits.\nThe Yankees drafted Jeter out of high school in 1992, and he debuted in the major leagues in 1995. The following year, he became the Yankees' starting shortstop, won the Rookie of the Year Award, and helped the team win the 1996 World Series. Jeter continued to contribute during the team's championship seasons of 1998–2000; he finished third in voting for the American League Most Valuable Player Award in 1998, recorded multiple career-high numbers in 1999, and won both the All-Star Game MVP and World Series MVP Awards in 2000. He has consistently placed among the AL leaders in hits and runs scored for the past ten years, and since 2003 has served as the Yankees' team captain. Throughout his career, Jeter has contributed reliably to the Yankees' franchise successes. He holds many postseason records, and has a .351 batting average in the World Series. Jeter has earned the titles of \"Captain Clutch\" and \"Mr. November\" due to his postseason heroics.
/m/05zvzf3	A Prophet is a 2009 French prison drama, directed by Jacques Audiard from a screenplay he co-wrote with Thomas Bidegain, Abdel Raouf Dafri and Nicolas Peufaillit. It stars Tahar Rahim in the title role as an imprisoned petty criminal of Algerian origins who rises in the inmate hierarchy, as he initiates himself into the Corsican and then Muslim subcultures.\nFor Audiard, the film aims at \"creating icons, images for people who don't have images in movies, like the Arabs in France,\" though he also had stated that the film \"has nothing to do with his vision of society,\" and is a work of fiction.\nIn 2010 the film won the BAFTA for Best Film Not in the English Language and was a nominee for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 82nd Academy Awards.
/m/0fj45	A Governor-General or Governor General is a vice-regal representative of a monarch in an independent realm or a major colonial state. Depending on the political arrangement of the territory, a Governor General can be a governor of high rank, or a principal governor ranking above \"ordinary\" governors.
/m/022s1m	John William DiMaggio is an American voice actor and comedian, best known for his work as Bender from the television show Futurama, Jake the Dog on Adventure Time, Wakka & Kimahri from Final Fantasy X, Smiling Jack from the Vampire: The Masquerade – Bloodlines game, and Marcus Fenix from the Gears of War video game series.
/m/0411098	The 1956 Major League Baseball season.
/m/0358x_	General Hospital is an American daytime television medical drama that is credited by the Guinness Book of World Records as the longest-running American soap opera in production and the third longest-running drama in television in American history after Guiding Light and As the World Turns. Concurrently, it is the world's third longest-running scripted drama series in production after British serials The Archers and Coronation Street, as well as the world's second-longest televised soap opera still in production. General Hospital premiered on the ABC television network on April 1, 1963. Same day broadcasts as well as classic episodes were aired on SOAPnet from January 20, 2000 until the network ceased on December 31, 2013. It is the longest-running serial produced in Hollywood, and the longest-running entertainment program in ABC television history. It holds the record for most Daytime Emmy Awards for Outstanding Drama Series, with 11 wins.\nThe show was created by husband-and-wife soap writers Frank and Doris Hursley, who originally set it in a general hospital in an unnamed fictional city; this city was named Port Charles, New York in the 1970s. Upon its beginning, General Hospital starred John Beradino and Emily McLaughlin, and both actors stayed with the show until their deaths in the 1990s. They were joined a year later by Rachel Ames who remains to date the longest serving actress on an ABC soap opera, having been continuously on the show from 1964 to 2007. General Hospital was the second soap to air on ABC. In 1964, a sister soap was created for General Hospital, The Young Marrieds; it ran for two years, and was canceled due to low ratings. General Hospital also spawned a prime time spinoff with the same name in the United Kingdom from 1972 to 1979, as well as the daytime series Port Charles and the prime-time spin-off General Hospital: Night Shift in the United States. Taped at The Prospect Studios, General Hospital aired for a half-hour until July 23, 1976. The series was expanded from 30 minutes to 45 minutes on July 26, 1976, and then to a full hour on January 16, 1978.
/m/0zz6w	Erie is a city located in northwestern Pennsylvania in the United States. Named for the lake and the Native American tribe that resided along its southern shore, Erie is the state's fourth-largest city, with a population of 102,000. Erie's Metropolitan Area consists of approximately 280,000 residents and an Urbanized Area population of approximately 195,000. The city is the seat of government for Erie County. Erie is the principal city of the Erie, PA Metropolitan Statistical Area.\nErie is near Buffalo, New York, Cleveland, Ohio, and Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Once teeming with heavy industry, Erie's manufacturing sector remains prominent in the local economy, though service industries, healthcare, higher education, and tourism are emerging as greater economic drivers. Millions visit Erie for recreation at Presque Isle State Park, as well as attractions like casino and horse racetrack named for the state park.\nErie is known as the Flagship City because of its status as the home port of Oliver Hazard Perry's flagship Niagara. The city has also been called the Gem City because of the \"sparkling\" lake. Erie won the All-America City Award in 1972.
/m/0690dn	Espérance Sportive Troyes Aube Champagne is a French association football club, based in Troyes. It was founded in 1986. It is the third professional club from Troyes in history, after ASTS and TAF. The club was promoted three times to the Ligue 1, at first 1999, then in 2005 and in 2012. They won the Intertoto Cup in 2001 after beating Newcastle United on the away goals rule after the score was 4–4 on aggregate. They currently play in Ligue 2.
/m/040vk98	Given to winners of the annual Locus magazine poll for best science fiction novel. From 1971-1977, and in 1979, the award was titled Best Novel, but the genre was implied.
/m/07kr2	The Troubles is the common name for the ethno-nationalist conflict in Northern Ireland that spilled over at various times into the Republic of Ireland, England and mainland Europe. The Troubles began in the late 1960s and is considered by many to have ended with the Belfast Good Friday Agreement of 1998. However, sporadic violence has continued since then.\nThe conflict was primarily a political one, but it also had an ethnic or sectarian dimension, although it was not a religious conflict. The key issues at stake were the constitutional status of Northern Ireland and the relationship between its two main communities, which are, on one side, Unionists and loyalists – who mostly come from the Protestant community and generally want Northern Ireland to remain within the United Kingdom, and, on the other side, Irish nationalists and republicans – who mostly come from the Catholic community and generally want to leave the United Kingdom and join a united Ireland. The former generally see themselves as British and the latter generally see themselves as Irish. The main participants in the Troubles were republican paramilitaries, loyalist paramilitaries, the British state security forces, and political activists and politicians. The Republic of Ireland's security forces played a smaller role. More than 3,500 people were killed in the conflict.
/m/0jmfv	The Memphis Grizzlies are a professional basketball team based in Memphis, Tennessee, USA. The team is part of the Southwest Division of the Western Conference in the National Basketball Association. The Grizzlies play their home games at FedExForum. The team's majority owner is Robert Pera. The Grizzlies were established in Vancouver, British Columbia in 1995. The team relocated to Memphis in 2001. They are also the only team out of the four major professional leagues that plays in Memphis.
/m/0m2dk	Yavapai County is located near the center of the U.S. state of Arizona. As of the 2010 census, its population 211,073. The county seat is Prescott.
/m/07s8qm7	1. Fußball-Club Nürnberg Verein für Leibesübungen e. V., often called 1. FC Nürnberg or simply Nürnberg, is a German association football club in Nuremberg, Bavaria. It was founded on 4 May 1900 by a group of eighteen young men who had gathered at the local pub called the \"Burenhütte\" to assemble a side committed to playing football rather than rugby, one of the other new \"English\" games becoming popular at the time. Today's club offers its members boxing, handball, hockey, rollerblading and ice skating, swimming, skiing, and tennis. After a difficult 2009–10 campaign, they avoided relegation from the first division Bundesliga by beating the third place 2. Bundesliga finisher FC Augsburg in a play-off at the end of the season.\n1. FCN have been relegated from the German football league system top tier Bundesliga on seven occasions – level with the record earlier set by Arminia Bielefeld.
/m/01n6c	The Comoros, officially the Union of the Comoros is a sovereign archipelago island nation in the Indian Ocean, located at the northern end of the Mozambique Channel off the eastern coast of Africa, between northeastern Mozambique and northwestern Madagascar. Other countries near the Comoros are Tanzania to the northwest and the Seychelles to the northeast. Its capital is Moroni, on Grande Comore.\nAt 1,862 km², excluding the contested island of Mayotte, the Comoros is the third-smallest African nation by area. The population, excluding Mayotte, is estimated at 798,000. Although speculated today by Arab countries that the name Comoros originated from Arab people who arrived in the islands much later, the name \"Comoros\" actually came from ancient polynesian, melanesian and australian people who settled amoungst the original african population B.C. \"Comoros\" was taken from the ancient polynesian word; \"Chammoras\", one of their other settlements. These inhabitants had their own distinct language \"Comorian\" which was partly effected by the Arabs who arrived much later. The Union of the Comoros has three official languages – Comorian, Arabic and French – though French is the sole official language on Mayotte.
/m/05_5_22	Get Him to the Greek is a 2010 American road comedy film written, produced, and directed by Nicholas Stoller and starring Jonah Hill and Russell Brand. The film was released on June 4, 2010. Get Him to the Greek is a spin-off sequel of Stoller's 2008 film Forgetting Sarah Marshall, reuniting director Stoller with stars Hill and Brand. Brand reprises his role as character Aldous Snow from Forgetting Sarah Marshall, while Hill plays an entirely new character. The film also stars Elisabeth Moss, Rose Byrne, Colm Meaney and Sean Combs.
/m/027ct7c	Fiddler on the Roof is a 1971 American musical comedy-drama film produced and directed by Norman Jewison. It is an adaptation of the 1964 Broadway musical of the same name, with music composed by Jerry Bock, lyrics by Sheldon Harnick, and screenplay by Joseph Stein. The film won three Academy Awards, including one for arranger-conductor John Williams. It was nominated for several more, including Best Picture, Best Actor for Chaim Topol as Tevye, and Best Supporting Actor for Leonard Frey, who played Motel Kamzoil the Tailor. The decision to cast Topol, instead of Zero Mostel, as Tevye was a somewhat controversial one, as the role had originated with Mostel and he had made it famous. Years later, Jewison explained that he felt Mostel's larger-than-life personality, while fine on stage, would cause film audiences to see him rather than the character of Tevye.\nThe film centers on the family of Tevye, a Jewish family living in the town of Anatevka, in Russian Empire, in 1905. Anatevka is broken into two sections: a small Orthodox Jewish section; and a larger Russian Orthodox Christian section. Tevye notes that, \"We don't bother them, and so far, they don't bother us.\" Throughout the film, Tevye breaks the fourth wall by talking at times, directly to the audience or to the heavens, for the audience's benefit. Much of the story is also told in musical form.
/m/0jmfb	The Houston Rockets are an American professional basketball team based in Houston, Texas. The team plays in the Southwest Division of the Western Conference in the National Basketball Association. The team was established in 1967, and played in San Diego, California, for four years, before moving to Houston.\nIn the Rockets' debut season, they won only 15 games. But after drafting Elvin Hayes first overall in the 1969 NBA Draft, they made their first appearance in the playoffs in 1969. After Hayes was traded, Moses Malone was later acquired to replace him. Malone went on to win the MVP award twice, and lead Houston to the conference finals in his first year with the team. He also took the Rockets to the NBA Finals in 1981, but they were defeated in six games by Larry Bird's Boston Celtics which also featured the Rockets current head coach, Kevin McHale.\nIn 1984, the Rockets drafted Hakeem Olajuwon who, paired with Ralph Sampson and both collectively known as the \"Twin Towers\", led them to the 1986 Finals in their second and third year respectively, where in another brave effort they lost again to the Boston Celtics. In the next seven seasons, plagued by injury including to Sampson who would be traded in 1988, they lost in the first round of the playoffs five times, until finally advancing in 1993 with a re-tooled roster past the L.A. Clippers and battle the rival Seattle SuperSonics to the bitter end before falling short in an overtime Game 7. Inspired by the tough playoff defeat, Olajuwon famously proclaimed to the team \"We go from here.\" The Rockets stormed all the way to the 1994 NBA Finals, where Olajuwon led them to the franchise's first championship against his rival Patrick Ewing and the New York Knicks. The team repeated as champions in 1995 with a memorable run as the 6th seed in the West and sweeping the favored Orlando Magic led by a young Shaquille O'Neal and Penny Hardaway. After winning two championships, the Rockets traded away most of the championship team for Charles Barkley, changed their championship uniforms, and, to date, have not advanced to the finals again. They missed the playoffs from 2000–2003 and did not reach the playoffs again until they drafted Yao Ming and they did not advance past the first round of the playoffs again until 2009. Following Yao Ming's retirement in 2011, the Rockets entered a period of rebuilding, failing to reach the playoffs for 3 straight seasons. With a complete dismantling of the team entering the 2012 season, the Rockets have proclaimed \"a new age\" and their period of rebuilding over, capped by their first playoffs series win on April 9, 2013.
/m/01fjfv	MTV2 is an American digital cable and satellite television channel that is owned by the MTV Networks Music & Logo Group, a unit of the Viacom Media Networks division of Viacom. The channel is also broadcast over-the-air in selected markets where the former all-request music channel known as The Box was broadcast, though these stations have been sold off in recent years.\nWhen it launched in 1996, the original purpose of the channel was to give music fans a place to see constant, commercial-free music videos, once the original MTV had started to change its direction from music and concentrate on reality television and soap operas. Today, the network carries mainly music-focused reality television programming, game shows, archived MTV reality programming, and some older sitcoms and dramas, with music programming limited to weekend and graveyard slots. The network has a mainly young male focus to its main original programming.\nAs of August 2013, approximately 81,185,000 American households receive MTV2.
/m/0gjcy	Vallejo is the largest city in Solano County, California, United States. The population was 115,942 at the 2010 census. It is the tenth most populous city in the San Francisco Bay Area, and is located on the northeastern shore of San Pablo Bay. Vallejo is named for General Mariano Guadalupe Vallejo.\nVallejo is home to the Six Flags Discovery Kingdom theme park; the now-defunct Mare Island Naval Shipyard; the regional office for Region 5 of the United States Forest Service; the California Maritime Academy; the Vallejo Center campus of Solano Community College; and Touro University California, a graduate school offering programs in osteopathic medicine, education, pharmacy, physician assistant studies, and public health. Ferry service runs from a terminal on Mare Island Strait to San Francisco, through the BayLink division of SolTrans.\nVallejo has twice served as the capital of the state of California: once in 1852 and again in 1853, both periods being brief. The State Capitol building burned to the ground in the 1880s and the Vallejo Fire Department requested aid from the Fire Department at Mare Island Naval Shipyard. As there were no bridges at that time, the Mare Island Fire Department had to be ferried across the Napa River, arriving to find only the foundation remaining. This was the first recorded mutual aid response in the state of California.
/m/038g2x	Douglas Peter \"Doug\" Savant is an American actor. He is known for his roles as Matt Fielding on Melrose Place and Tom Scavo on the ABC dramedy series Desperate Housewives.
/m/0d7_n	Lviv is a city in western Ukraine, that was once a major population center of the Halych-Volyn Principality, the Crown of the Kingdom of Poland, the Habsburg Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, and later the capital of Lwów Voivodeship during the Second Polish Republic.\nFormerly capital of the historical region of Galicia, Lviv is now regarded as one of the main cultural centres of today's Ukraine. The historical heart of Lviv with its old buildings and cobblestone roads has survived Soviet and Nazi occupation during World War II largely unscathed. The city has many industries and institutions of higher education such as Lviv University and Lviv Polytechnic. Lviv is also a home to many world-class cultural institutions, including a philharmonic orchestra and the famous Lviv Theatre of Opera and Ballet. The historic city centre is on the UNESCO World Heritage List. Lviv celebrated its 750th anniversary with a son et lumière in the city centre in September 2006.\nThe archaeological traces of settlement on the site of Lviv city date from as early as the 5th century. Archaeological excavations in 1977 showed Lendian settlement between the 8th and 10th centuries AD. In 1031 Lviv was conquered from Mieszko II Lambert King of Poland by prince Yaroslav the Wise. After the invasion of Batu Khan, the city was rebuilt in 1240 by King Daniel of the Rurik Dynasty, ruler of the medieval Ruthenian kingdom of Galicia, and named after his son, Lev.
/m/01mt1fy	Donny Wayne \"Don\" Johnson is an American actor and recording artist perhaps best known for his lead role as James \"Sonny\" Crockett in the 1980s television series, Miami Vice. He also played the lead role in the 1990s cop series, Nash Bridges. Johnson is a Golden Globe winning actor for his role in Miami Vice, a winner of the American Power Boat Association Offshore World Cup, and has received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. He is also a singer, songwriter, producer, and director.
/m/0gmdkyy	The 84th Academy Awards ceremony, presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, honored the best films of 2011 in the United States and took place on February 26, 2012, at the Hollywood and Highland Center Theatre in Hollywood, Los Angeles beginning at 5:30 p.m. PST / 8:30 p.m. EST. During the ceremony, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences presented Academy Awards in 24 categories. The ceremony, televised in the United States by ABC, was produced by Brian Grazer and Don Mischer, with Mischer also serving as director. Actor Billy Crystal hosted the show for the ninth time. He first presided over the 62nd ceremony held in 1990 and had last hosted the 76th ceremony held in 2004.\nOn June 14, 2011, Academy president Tom Sherak announced at a press conference that, in an attempt to further revitalize interest surrounding the awards, the 2012 ceremony would feature between five and ten Best Picture nominees depending on voting results, as opposed to a set number of nominees. In related events, the Academy held its third Annual Governors Awards ceremony at the Grand Ballroom of the Hollywood and Highland Center on November 12, 2011. On February 11, 2012, in a ceremony at the Beverly Wilshire Hotel in Beverly Hills, California, the Academy Awards for Technical Achievement were presented by host Milla Jovovich.
/m/0gz5hs	Seth Benjamin Green is an American actor, comedian, producer, writer, and director. Green is the creator and executive producer and most-frequent voice on Adult Swim's Robot Chicken, where he is also a writer and director. He directed many of the Robot Chicken specials including Robot Chicken: Star Wars and DC Comics Special. He has starred in the feature films, Airborne, The Italian Job, Party Monster, Can't Hardly Wait, Without a Paddle and all three Austin Powers films, among many others. He is also well known for his role as Chris Griffin on Fox's Family Guy and previously as Daniel \"Oz\" Osbourne in Buffy the Vampire Slayer, and Greg the Bunny. He also voices Lieutenant Gibbs in Titan Maximum and Jeff \"Joker\" Moreau in the Mass Effect video game series. Green has appeared in many other movies, such as Rat Race, America's Sweethearts, Old Dogs and as a child in Woody Allen's Radio Days, and in the horror films Idle Hands and Stephen King's It.
/m/0k6yt1	Eve Jihan Jeffers, better known by her mononym, Eve, is an American Grammy Award winning rapper-songwriter, record producer and actress. Her first three albums have sold over 8 million copies worldwide. She has also achieved success in fashion with her clothing line, Fetish. She is the inaugural winner of the Grammy Award for Best Rap/Sung Collaboration in 2002 for the song \"Let Me Blow Ya Mind\", with Gwen Stefani. Eve was number 48 on VH1's \"50 Greatest Women Of The Video Era\" list.\nAs an actress, Eve is best known for her roles as Terri Jones in the films Barbershop and Barbershop 2: Back in Business, and as Shelley Williams on the UPN television sitcom Eve.
/m/03rg2b	In Harm's Way is a 1965 American epic war film produced and directed by Otto Preminger and starring John Wayne, Kirk Douglas, Patricia Neal, Tom Tryon, Paula Prentiss, Stanley Holloway, Burgess Meredith, Brandon deWilde, Jill Haworth, Dana Andrews, and Henry Fonda.\nIt was the last black-and-white World War II epic and the last black-and-white John Wayne film. It received a mixed response over the years as a war story that had a simple story, a charge leveled against Preminger's later movies, starting with this one. The screenplay was written by Wendell Mayes based on the novel Harm's Way by James Bassett.\nThe film recounts the lives of several US naval officers and their wives or lovers while based in Hawaii as the US involvement in World War II begins. The title of the film comes from a quote from American Revolutionary naval hero John Paul Jones: \"I wish to have no connection with any ship that does not sail fast, for I intend to go in harm's way.\"\nThe film presents a relatively unromanticized and realistic picture of the American Navy and its officers in the period before and shortly after the start of World War II, complete with bureaucratic infighting among the brass and sometimes disreputable private acts by individuals. Its sprawling narrative is typical of Preminger's works in which he examined institutions and the people who run them.
/m/0cm19f	Madan Puri was an actor in Hindi and Punjabi films.
/m/04wlz2	Hampton University is a historically black university located in Hampton, Virginia, United States. It was founded in 1868 by black and white leaders of the American Missionary Association after the American Civil War to provide education to freedmen. In 1878 it established a program for teaching Native Americans which lasted until 1923.
/m/03vhvp	The Black Keys is an American rock band formed in Akron, Ohio in 2001. The group consists of Dan Auerbach and Patrick Carney. The duo began as an independent act, recording music in basements and self-producing their records, before they eventually emerged as one of the most popular garage rock artists during a second wave of the genre's revival in the 2010s. The band's raw blues rock sound draws heavily from Auerbach's blues influences, including Junior Kimbrough and Robert Johnson.\nOriginally friends from their childhood, Auerbach and Carney founded the group after dropping out of college. After signing with indie label Alive, they released their debut album, The Big Come Up, which earned them a new deal with Fat Possum Records. Over the next decade, the Black Keys built an underground fanbase through extensive touring of small clubs, frequent album releases and music festival appearances, and substantial licensing of their songs. Their third album, Rubber Factory, received critical acclaim and boosted the band's profile, eventually leading to a record deal with major label Nonesuch Records in 2006. After self-producing and recording their first four records in makeshift studios, the duo completed Attack & Release in a professional studio and hired producer Danger Mouse, a frequent collaborator with the band.
/m/0f60c	Essex County is a county located in the U.S. state of New York. As of the 2010 census, the population was 39,370. Its name is from the English county of Essex. Its county seat is Elizabethtown. Along with Hamilton County, Essex is entirely within the Adirondack Park.
/m/015l4k	The 1968 Winter Olympics, officially known as the X Olympic Winter Games, were a winter multi-sport event which was celebrated in 1968 in Grenoble, France and opened on 6 February. Thirty-seven countries participated. Norway won the most medals, the first time a country other than the USSR had done so since the USSR first entered the Winter Games in 1956.\nFrenchman Jean-Claude Killy won three gold medals in all the alpine skiing events. In women's figure skating, Peggy Fleming won the only United States gold medal. The games have been credited with making the Winter Olympics more popular in the United States, not least of which because of ABC's extensive coverage of Fleming and Killy, who became overnight sensations among teenage girls.\nThe year 1968 marked the first time the IOC first permitted East and West Germany to enter separately, and the first time the IOC ever ordered drug and gender testing of competitors.
/m/02r22gf	The British Academy of Film and Television Arts Award for Best Sound has been presented to its winners since 1968 and sound designers of all nationalities are eligible to receive the award.
/m/02qx69	Parker Christian Posey is an American actress. She became known during the 1990s after a series of roles in independent films that gained her the nickname \"Queen of the Indies\", and later playing improvisational roles in Christopher Guest's mockumentaries.
/m/0hpt3	Hasbro Inc. is an American multinational toy and board game company. It is one of the largest toy makers in the world. The corporate headquarters is located in Pawtucket, Rhode Island. The majority of its products are manufactured in East Asia.
/m/06jcc	Ray Douglas Bradbury was an American fantasy, science fiction, horror and mystery fiction writer. Best known for his dystopian novel Fahrenheit 451 and for the science fiction and horror stories gathered together as The Martian Chronicles and The Illustrated Man, Bradbury was one of the most celebrated 20th-century American writers. Many of Bradbury's works have been adapted into comic books, television shows and films.
/m/01c72t	A composer is a person who creates music, either by musical notation or oral tradition, for interpretation and performance, or through direct manipulation of sonic material as electroacoustic music.
/m/03qkgyl	Shobha Kapoor is an Indian television and film producer. She is the Managing Director of Balaji Telefilms, a famous TV serial production house in Mumbai, India. She is married to Bollywood actor Jeetendra.
/m/01f6x7	Shanghai Noon is a 2000 American martial arts action comedy western film starring Jackie Chan and Owen Wilson. The film, marking the directorial debut of Tom Dey, was written by Alfred Gough and Miles Millar.\nThe film, set in Nevada and other parts of the American West in the 19th century, is a juxtaposition of a western with a kung fu action film with extended martial arts sequences. It also has elements of comedy and the \"Buddy Cop\" film genre, as it involves two men of different personalities and ethnicities who team up to stop a crime. It was partially filmed in the Canadian Badlands, near Drumheller, Alberta, Canada, and also near Cochrane, Alberta. A sequel, Shanghai Knights, was released in 2003.
/m/0mwkp	Luzerne County is the largest county in northeastern Pennsylvania. As of the 2010 census, the population was 320,918. Its county seat is Wilkes-Barre. It is located in the northern anthracite area called The Coal Region, and is included in the Scranton–Wilkes-Barre metropolitan area.
/m/03m73lj	The Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Stunt Ensemble in a Motion Picture is one of the awards given by the Screen Actors Guild. The award, which recognizes the work of stunt performers and coordinators, was first presented at the 14th Screen Actors Guild Awards for performances by SAG's members in 2007 films.\nThere is a corresponding SAG Award for work in television.
/m/05p09dd	Oscar and Lucinda is a 1997 romantic drama film directed by Gillian Armstrong and starring Cate Blanchett, Ralph Fiennes, Ciarán Hinds and Tom Wilkinson. It is based on the 1988 Booker Prize-winning novel Oscar and Lucinda by Peter Carey. In March 1998, the film was nominated at the Academy Awards for the Best Costume Design.
/m/0pqz3	Owensboro is a city in Daviess County, Kentucky, in the United States. It is the seat of its county and the 4th-largest city by population in the state. It is located on U.S. Route 60 about 107 miles southwest of Louisville,KY, and is the principal city of the Owensboro metropolitan area. The city's population was estimated at 58,083 in 2012, with a metropolitan population of 116,030. Owensboro was named an All-American City in 2013. Owensboro placed fourth on Area Development's Top 20 Southern Cities, with a 9th place ranking for its Recession Busting factors among the Top 25 Small Cities.
/m/01yb1y	WWE SmackDown is a professional wrestling television program for WWE which was previously referred to the brand of the same name until its discontinuation in 2011 in which WWE employees are assigned to work and perform on that program. As of 2010, it airs weekly on Syfy in the United States.\nFrom its launch in 1999, SmackDown! was broadcast on Thursday nights, but is now shown on Friday nights since 2005. The show originally debuted in the United States on the UPN television network on April 29, 1999, but after the merger of UPN and the WB, SmackDown! began airing on The CW in 2006. The show remained on the CW network for two years until it was moved to MyNetworkTV in October 2008. SmackDown moved to Syfy on October 1, 2010.\nSince its first episode, WWE SmackDown has been broadcast from 162 different arenas, in 147 cities and towns, in seven different nations.\nDue to time differences, SmackDown premieres a few hours earlier in Ireland and the UK and a day earlier in Australia, Singapore, Philippines and India than the United States.
/m/015ynm	Lilo & Stitch is a 2002 American animated science fiction comedy film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures on June 21, 2002. The 42nd animated feature in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series, it was written and directed by Chris Sanders and Dean DeBlois, and features the voices of Sanders, Daveigh Chase, Tia Carrere, David Ogden Stiers, Kevin McDonald, Ving Rhames, Jason Scott Lee, and Kevin Michael Richardson. Lilo & Stitch was the second of three Disney animated features produced primarily at the Florida animation studio located at Walt Disney World's Hollywood Studios in Orlando, Florida. The film received positive reviews and was nominated for the 2002 Academy Award for Best Animated Feature, which ultimately went to Hayao Miyazaki's film, Spirited Away, which also starred Daveigh Chase and David Ogden Stiers.\nThe 2002 film eventually started a franchise: a direct-to-video sequel, Stitch! The Movie, was released on August 26, 2003. This was followed by a television series, Lilo & Stitch: The Series, which ran from September 20, 2003 to July 29, 2006. A second direct-to-video sequel, Lilo & Stitch 2: Stitch Has a Glitch, was released on August 30, 2005. A third and final direct-to-video sequel, Leroy & Stitch, was released on June 27, 2006 as the conclusion to the TV series. Unlike Lilo & Stitch, its sequel features and series were produced by Walt Disney Television Animation.
/m/01242_	Mrs. Brown is a 1997 British drama film starring Judi Dench, Billy Connolly, Geoffrey Palmer, Antony Sher and Gerard Butler. It was written by Jeremy Brock and directed by John Madden.\nThe film was produced by the BBC and Ecosse Films with the intention of being shown on BBC One and on WGBH's Masterpiece Theatre. However, it was acquired by Miramax and released to unexpected success, going on to earn more than $13,000,000 worldwide.\nThe film was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1997 Cannes Film Festival. Dench was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress, but lost to Helen Hunt for her role in As Good as It Gets.
/m/049f88	Vicenza Calcio is an Italian football club based in Vicenza, Veneto. The club was formed in 1902 and currently plays in Italy's Lega Pro Prima Divisione, having spent the entire 1960s, most of the 1970s and a large part of the 1990s in Serie A.
/m/0fx80y	Plucked string instruments are a subcategory of string instruments that are played by plucking the strings. Plucking is a way of pulling and releasing the string in such a way as to give it an impulse that causes the string to vibrate. Plucking can be done with either a finger or a plectrum.\nMost plucked string instruments belong to the lute family, which generally consist of a resonating body, and a neck; the strings run along the neck and can be stopped at different pitches. The zither family does not have a neck, and the strings are stretched across the soundboard. In the harp family, the strings are perpendicular to the soundboard and do not run across it. The harpsichord does not fit any of these categories but is also a plucked string instrument, as its strings are struck with a plectrum when the keys are depressed.\nBowed string instruments, such as the violin, can also be plucked in the technique known as pizzicato; however, as they are usually played with a bow, they are not included in this category. Struck string instruments can be similarly plucked as an extended technique.
/m/05cv8	Neal Town Stephenson is an American author and game designer known for his works of speculative fiction.\nHis novels have been variously categorized as science fiction, historical fiction, cyberpunk, and \"postcyberpunk.\" Other labels, such as \"baroque,\" often appear.\nStephenson explores subjects such as mathematics, cryptography, philosophy, currency, and the history of science. He also writes non-fiction articles about technology in publications such as Wired.\nHe has worked part-time as an advisor for Blue Origin, a company developing a manned sub-orbital launch system, and is also a cofounder of Subutai Corporation, whose first offering is the interactive fiction project The Mongoliad. He has also written novels with his uncle, George Jewsbury, under the collective pseudonym Stephen Bury.
/m/09qvf4	This is a list of winners of the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series.
/m/0h1v19	A Midsummer Night's Dream is a 1935 American film of William Shakespeare's play, directed by Max Reinhardt and William Dieterle, and starring Ian Hunter, James Cagney, Mickey Rooney, Olivia de Havilland, Joe E. Brown, Dick Powell, and Victor Jory. Produced by Henry Blanke and Hal Wallis for Warner Brothers, and adapted by Charles Kenyon and Mary C. McCall Jr. from Reinhardt's Hollywood Bowl production of the previous year, the film is about the events surrounding the marriage of the Duke of Athens, Theseus, and the Queen of the Amazons, Hippolyta. These include the adventures of four young Athenian lovers and a group of six amateur actors, who are controlled and manipulated by the fairies who inhabit the forest in which most of the story is set. The play, which is categorized as a comedy, is one of Shakespeare's most popular works for the stage and is widely performed across the world. Felix Mendelssohn's music was extensively used, as re-orchestrated by Erich Wolfgang Korngold. The ballet sequences featuring the fairies were choreographed by Bronislava Nijinska.
/m/0349s	Greek is an independent branch of the Indo-European family of languages. Native to the southern Balkans, western Asia Minor, Greece, and the Aegean Islands, it has the longest documented history of any Indo-European language, spanning 34 centuries of written records. Its writing system has been the Greek alphabet for the majority of its history; other systems, such as Linear B and the Cypriot syllabary, were previously used. The alphabet arose from the Phoenician script and was in turn the basis of the Latin, Cyrillic, Coptic, and many other writing systems.\nThe Greek language holds an important place in the histories of Europe, the more loosely defined Western world, and Christianity; the canon of ancient Greek literature includes works of monumental importance and influence for the future Western canon such as the epic poems Iliad and Odyssey. Greek was also the language in which many of the foundational texts of Western philosophy, such as the Platonic dialogues and the works of Aristotle, were composed; the New Testament of the Christian Bible was written in Koiné Greek. Together with the Latin texts and traditions of the Roman world, the study of the Greek texts and society of antiquity constitutes the discipline of classics.
/m/01qvgl	Aimee Mann is an American rock singer-songwriter, guitarist and bassist. In the 1980s, Mann sang in the Boston New Wave band 'Til Tuesday until she left to begin a solo career in the early 1990s. In 1999, Mann recorded original songs for the soundtrack to the Paul Thomas Anderson film Magnolia, for which she was nominated for Academy Award and Grammy Award nominations. She has released seven solo albums.
/m/03s9kp	The Green Mile is a 1999 American drama film directed by Frank Darabont adapted from the 1996 Stephen King novel of the same name. The film is told in a flashback format and stars Tom Hanks as Paul Edgecomb and Michael Clarke Duncan as John Coffey with supporting roles by David Morse, Bonnie Hunt, and James Cromwell. The film also features Dabbs Greer, in his final film, as the old Paul Edgecomb. The film tells the story of Paul's life as a death row corrections officer during the Great Depression in the United States, and the supernatural events he witnessed.\nThe film was nominated for four Academy Awards: Best Supporting Actor for Michael Clarke Duncan, Best Picture, Best Sound, and Best Adapted Screenplay.
/m/016szr	Randall Stuart \"Randy\" Newman is an American singer-songwriter, arranger, composer, and pianist who is known for his distinctive voice, mordant pop songs and for film scores.\nSince the 1980s, Newman has worked mostly as a film composer. His film scores include Ragtime, Awakenings, The Natural, Leatherheads, James and the Giant Peach, Cats Don't Dance, Meet the Parents, Cold Turkey, Seabiscuit and The Princess and the Frog. He has scored seven Disney-Pixar films: Toy Story, A Bug's Life, Toy Story 2, Monsters, Inc., Cars, Toy Story 3, and most recently, Monsters University.\nNewman has been nominated for 20 Academy Awards, winning twice. He has also won three Emmys, six Grammy Awards, and the Governor's Award from the Recording Academy. Newman was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 2002. In 2007, he was inducted as a Disney Legend. Newman was inducted to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in April 2013.
/m/02hmvc	A short film is any film not long enough to be considered a feature film. No consensus exists as to where that boundary is drawn: the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences defines a short film as \"an original motion picture that has a running time of 40 minutes or less, including all credits\". The term featurette originally applied to a film longer than a short subject, but shorter than a standard feature film.\nThe increasingly rare term short subject means approximately the same thing. An industry term, it carries more of an assumption that the film is shown as part of a presentation along with a feature film. Short is an abbreviation for either term. Short films can be professional or amateur productions. Short films are often screened at local, national, or international film festivals. Short films are often made by independent filmmakers for non profit, either with a low budget, no budget at all, and in rare cases big budgets. Short films are usually funded by film grants, non profit organizations, sponsor, or out of pocket funds. These films are used by indie filmmakers to prove their talent in order to gain funding for future films from private investors, entertainment companies, or film studios. Short films do qualify for Academy Awards if screened in Los Angeles.
/m/02rsl1	Second base, or 2B, is the second of four stations on a baseball diamond which must be touched in succession by a base runner in order to score a run for that player's team. A second baseman is the baseball player guarding second base. Also called second bagger, the second baseman often possesses quick hands and feet, needs the ability to get rid of the ball quickly, and must be able to make the pivot on a double play. In addition, second basemen are usually right-handed; only five left-handed throwing players have ever played second base since 1950. Second base is also known as the keystone sack. In the numbering system used to record defensive plays, the second baseman is assigned the number 4.\nGood second basemen need to have very good range, since they have to field balls closer to the first baseman who is often holding runners on, or moving towards the base to cover. On a batted ball to right field, the second baseman goes out towards the ball for the relay. Due to these requirements, second base is sometimes a primarily defensive position in the modern game, but there are hitting stars as well.
/m/07cbs	Thomas Jefferson was an American Founding Father, the principal author of the Declaration of Independence and the third President of the United States. He was a spokesman for democracy, embraced the principles of republicanism and the rights of man with worldwide influence. At the beginning of the American Revolution, he served in the Continental Congress, representing Virginia and then served as a wartime Governor of Virginia. Just after the war ended, from mid-1784 Jefferson served as a diplomat, stationed in Paris. In May 1785, he became the United States Minister to France.\nJefferson was the first United States Secretary of State serving under President George Washington. In opposition to Alexander Hamilton's Federalism, Jefferson and his close friend, James Madison, organized the Democratic-Republican Party, and subsequently resigned from Washington's cabinet. Elected Vice President in 1796, when he came in second to President John Adams of the Federalists, Jefferson opposed Adams and with Madison secretly wrote the Kentucky and Virginia Resolutions, which attempted to nullify the Alien and Sedition Acts.
/m/03f1r6t	Regis Philbin is an American media personality, actor and singer, known for hosting talk and game shows since the 1960s. Sometimes called \"the hardest working man in show business\", he holds the Guinness World Record for the most time spent in front of a television camera. His trademarks include his excited manner, his Bronx accent, his wit, and irreverent ad-libs.\nPhilbin is most widely known as the host of the New York City-based nationally syndicated talk show Live! with Regis and Kathie Lee starting in 1988, which became Live! with Regis and Kelly starting in 2001 and continued until Philbin's departure in 2011.\nPhilbin has also hosted Who Wants to Be a Millionaire, Million Dollar Password, and the first season of America's Got Talent.\nSince August 2013, Philbin has hosted Crowd Goes Wild, a daily sports talk show on Fox Sports 1.
/m/03_9hm	The Morocco national football team, nicknamed أسود الأطلس, is the national team of Morocco and is managed by Rachid Taoussi. Winners of the African Nations Cup in 1976, they were the first African and Arab team to win a group at the World Cup, which they did in 1986, finishing ahead of Portugal, Poland, and England. They were also the first African team to make it to second round barely losing to eventual runners-up West Germany 1–0 in 1986. They also came within two minutes of moving out of the group stage of the 1998 World Cup, Kjetil Rekdal's late winning goal for Norway against Brazil eliminating them. Glory came back in 2012 for the Moroccan National Team when they were victorious in the 2012 Arab Nations Cup defeating Libya in the final.
/m/05zdk2	Raakhee Majumdar is an Indian film actress, who has primarily appeared in Hindi films, as well as several Bengali films. She is popularly known as Raakhee Gulzar after her marriage to lyricist-director Gulzar. In four decades of acting, Raakhee won three Filmfare Awards and a National Film Award, among others. At the Filmfare, Raakhee has been nominated 16 times, making her the overall most-nominated performer in the female acting categories.
/m/020g9r	Prussia was a German kingdom and historic state originating out of the Duchy of Prussia and the Margraviate of Brandenburg and centered on the region of Prussia. For centuries, the House of Hohenzollern ruled Prussia, successfully expanding its size by way of an unusually well-organised and effective army. Prussia shaped the history of Germany, with its capital in Berlin after 1451. In 1871, German states united in creating the German Empire under Prussian leadership. In November 1918, the monarchies were abolished and the nobility lost its political power. Prussia was effectively abolished in 1932, and officially abolished in 1947.\nThe name Prussia derives from the Old Prussians. In the 13th century, German crusaders, the Teutonic Knights, conquered \"Old Prussia\". In 1308 the Teutonic Knights conquered the formerly Polish region of Pomerelia with Gdańsk. Their monastic state was mostly Germanised through immigration from central and western Germany and in the south, it was Polonised by settlers from Masovia. The Second Peace of Thorn split Prussia into the western Royal Prussia, a province of Poland, and the eastern part, from 1525 called the Duchy of Prussia, a fief of the Crown of Poland up to 1657. The union of Brandenburg and the Duchy of Prussia in 1618 led to the proclamation of the Kingdom of Prussia in 1701.
/m/0mkqr	Milwaukee County is a county in the State of Wisconsin. As of the 2010 census, the population was 947,735 and was estimated to be 955,205 in 2012. It is the most populous county in Wisconsin and the 45th most populous in the United States. Its county seat is Milwaukee, which is also the largest city in the state.\nMilwaukee County is included in the Milwaukee-Waukesha-West Allis, WI Metropolitan Statistical Area as well as the Milwaukee-Racine-Waukesha, WI Combined Statistical Area.
/m/02qwgk	The Schulich School of Law is a faculty of Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada. Formerly called Dalhousie Law School, it was established in 1883, making it the oldest university common law school in the British Commonwealth. It is the largest law school in Atlantic Canada and attracts students from all parts of Canada and abroad. The law school is a member of the North American Consortium on Legal Education. The school was renamed the Schulich School of Law in October 2009.
/m/09rp4r_	Mark Berger is a sound re-recording specialist.
/m/0239zv	Dharam Dev Pishorimal Anand, better known as Dev Anand, was an Indian film actor, writer, director and producer known for his work in Hindi cinema. Part of the Anand family, he co-founded Navketan Films in 1949 with his elder brother Chetan Anand. Anand is regarded as one of the greatest and most influential actors in the history of Indian cinema.\nThe Government of India honoured him with the Padma Bhushan in 2001 and the Dadasaheb Phalke Award in 2002 for his contribution to Indian cinema. His career spanned more than 65 years with acting in 114 Hindi films of which 104 have him play the main solo lead hero and he did 2 English films.
/m/07pd_j	American Pie is a 1999 blue comedy film written by Adam Herz and directed by brothers Paul and Chris Weitz, in their directorial film debut. It is the first film in the American Pie theatrical series. The film was a box-office hit and spawned three direct sequels: American Pie 2, American Wedding, and American Reunion. The film concentrates on five boys who attend East Great Falls High. With the exception of Stifler, the other four make a pact to lose their virginity before their high school graduation. The title is borrowed from the folk song of the same name and refers to a scene in the film, in which the lead character is caught masturbating with a pie after being told that third base feels like \"warm apple pie\". It's also been stated by writer Adam Herz that the title also refers to the quest of losing your virginity in high school, which is as \"American as apple pie.\"\nThe film's theme song is Laid by James, which is also the theme for the entire franchise.\nIn addition to the primary American Pie saga, there are currently four direct-to-DVD spin-off films bearing the title American Pie Presents: Band Camp, The Naked Mile, Beta House, and The Book of Love.
/m/02wt0	Fiji, officially the Republic of Fiji, is an island country in Melanesia in the South Pacific Ocean about 1,100 nautical miles northeast of New Zealand's North Island. Its closest neighbours are Vanuatu to the west, France's New Caledonia to the southwest, New Zealand's Kermadec to the southeast, Tonga to the east, the Samoas and France's Wallis and Futuna to the northeast, and Tuvalu to the north.\nThe country comprises an archipelago of more than 332 islands, of which 110 are permanently inhabited, and more than 500 islets, amounting to a total land area of circa 18,300 square kilometres. The farthest island is Onu-i-Lau. The two major islands, Viti Levu and Vanua Levu, account for 87% of the population of almost 860,000. The capital and largest city, Suva, is on Viti Levu. About three-quarters of Fijians live on Viti Levu's coasts, either in Suva or in smaller urban centres like Nadi or Lautoka. Viti Levu's interior is sparsely inhabited due to its terrain.\nThe majority of Fiji's islands were formed through volcanic activity starting around 150 million years ago. Today, some geothermal activity still occurs on the islands of Vanua Levu and Taveuni. Fiji has been inhabited since the second millennium BC. In the 17th and 18th centuries, the Dutch and the British explored Fiji, which was a Crown Colony until 1970, this administration lasting almost a century. During World War II, thousands of Fijians volunteered to aid in Allied efforts via their attachment to the New Zealand and Australian army units. The Republic of Fiji Military Forces consist of land and naval units.
/m/0b_xm	Yes are an English rock band who achieved success with their progressive, art, and symphonic style of rock music. They are distinguished by their use of mystical and cosmic lyrics, live stage sets and lengthy compositions, often with complex instrumental and vocal arrangements. The band's current line-up since February 2012 consists of singer Jon Davison, guitarist Steve Howe, bass guitarist Chris Squire, keyboardist Geoff Downes, and drummer Alan White.\nSquire formed Yes in 1968 with singer Jon Anderson. Squire and guitarist Peter Banks had played together in The Syn and then Mabel Greer's Toyshop. Anderson and later drummer Bill Bruford joined a later line-up of Mabel Greer's Toyshop, which evolved into Yes. Keyboardist Tony Kaye completed the first Yes line-up. Their early sets were a mix of original material and cover versions by other artists. In the 1970s, Yes reached their creative peak in the progressive genre when most notably Anderson, Squire, Howe, Kaye, Bruford, drummer Alan White, and keyboardists Rick Wakeman and Patrick Moraz were part of the band's line-ups, and produced what many critics consider their finest works: The Yes Album, Fragile, Close to the Edge, Tales from Topographic Oceans, Relayer and Going for the One. The rise of punk rock at the end of the decade led to a decline in creativity and sales; in 1980, Anderson and Wakeman left the band and the album Drama featuring Downes and new vocalist Trevor Horn was released. The band disbanded at the beginning of 1981, with Howe and Downes subsequently creating Asia.
/m/0gcs9	Bruce Frederick Joseph Springsteen is an American musician and singer-songwriter. He is best known for his work with the E Street Band. Nicknamed \"The Boss\", Springsteen is widely known for his brand of poetic lyrics, Americana working class, sometimes political sentiments centered on his native New Jersey and his lengthy and energetic stage performances, with concerts from the 1970s to the present decade running up to an uninterrupted 250 minutes in length.\nSpringsteen's recordings have included both commercially accessible rock albums and more sombre folk-oriented works. His most successful studio albums, Born in the U.S.A. and Born to Run, showcase a talent for finding grandeur in the struggles of daily American life; he has sold more than 64 million albums in the United States making him the fifteenth highest selling artist of all-time and more than 120 million albums worldwide. Springsteen has earned numerous awards for his work, including 20 Grammy Awards, two Golden Globes and an Academy Award as well as being inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 1999.
/m/04gj8r	The Hong Kong national football team, represents Hong Kong in international association football events such as the FIFA World Cup, AFC Asian Cup and East Asian Football Championship. The team is represented by the Hong Kong Football Association, the governing body for football in Hong Kong.\nThe team had been representing Hong Kong in international football events before 1997 when Hong Kong was a colony of the United Kingdom. It continues to represent Hong Kong even after Hong Kong was handed over to the People's Republic of China by the United Kingdom and became a special administrative region of the People's Republic of China in 1997. This team is a separate team from the national team of the People's Republic of China, as the Basic Law and the principle of \"One country, two systems\" allows Hong Kong to maintain its own representative teams in international sports competitions.
/m/0x2sv	The Senate of Canada is a component of the Parliament of Canada, along with the House of Commons, and the monarch. The Senate is modelled after the British House of Lords and consists of 105 members appointed by the governor general on the advice of the prime minister. Seats are assigned on a regional basis, with each of the four major regions receiving 24 seats, and the remainder of the available seats being assigned to smaller regions. The four major regions are Ontario, Quebec, the Maritime provinces, and the Western provinces. The seats for Newfoundland and Labrador, the Northwest Territories, Yukon, and Nunavut are assigned apart from these regional divisions. Senators may serve until they reach the age of 75.\nThe Senate is the upper house of parliament and the House of Commons is the lower house. This does not, however, imply that the Senate is more powerful than the House of Commons, merely that its members and officers outrank the members and officers of the House of Commons in the order of precedence for the purposes of protocol. Indeed, as a matter of practice and custom, the Commons is by far the dominant chamber. Although the approval of both houses is necessary for legislation, the Senate rarely rejects bills passed by the directly elected Commons: between 1867 and 1987 the Senate rejected a little less than two bills per year. Moreover, members of the Cabinet are responsible solely to the House of Commons; the Prime Minister of Canada and the rest of Cabinet stay in office only while they retain the confidence of the Commons; Senators are not beholden to such control. Although legislation can normally be introduced in either house, the majority of government bills originate in the House of Commons. Under the constitution, money bills must always originate in the House of Commons.
/m/0b6m5fy	The Late Shift is a 1996 American TV movie produced by HBO. It was directed by Betty Thomas and based on the book of the same name by The New York Times media reporter Bill Carter.
/m/0lmgy	Maui County, officially County of Maui, is a county located in the U.S. state of Hawaii. It consists of the islands of Maui, Lānai, Molokai, Kahoolawe, and Molokini. The latter two islands are uninhabited. As of the 2010 Census the population was 154,834. The county seat is Wailuku.\nThe Kahului–Wailuku Micropolitan Statistical Area includes all of Maui County.
/m/06g5z	Rape is a type of sexual assault usually involving sexual intercourse, which is initiated by one or more persons against another person without that person's consent. The act may be carried out by physical force, coercion, abuse of authority or against a person who is incapable of valid consent, such as one who is unconscious, incapacitated, or below the legal age of consent. The term rape is sometimes used interchangeably with the term sexual assault.\nInternationally, the incidence of rapes recorded by the police during 2010 varied between 0.2 in Azerbaijan per 100,000 people and 92.9 per 100,000 people in Botswana with 6.3 per 100,000 people in Lithuania as the median. According to the American Medical Association, sexual violence, and rape in particular, is considered the most underreported violent crime. The rate of reporting, prosecution and convictions for rape varies considerably in different jurisdictions. The U.S. Bureau of Justice Statistics estimated that 91% of U.S. rape victims are female and 9% are male. Rape by strangers is usually less common than rape by persons the victim knows, and several studies argue that male-male and female-female prison rape are quite common and may be the least reported forms of rape.
/m/01y8kf	The Royal Canadian Air Force, formerly Air Command, is the air force of Canada. The RCAF is one of three environmental commands within the unified Canadian Forces. As of 2013, operating 258 manned aircraft and 9 UAVs, the Royal Canadian Air Force consists of 14,500 Regular Force and 2,600 Primary Reserve personnel, supported by 2,500 civilians. Lieutenant-General Yvan Blondin, CMM CD, is the current Commander of the Royal Canadian Air Force and Chief of the Air Force Staff.\nThe Royal Canadian Air Force is responsible for all aircraft operations of the Canadian Forces, enforcing the security of Canada's airspace and providing aircraft to support the missions of the Royal Canadian Navy and the Canadian Army. The RCAF is a partner with the United States Air Force in protecting continental airspace under the North American Aerospace Defense Command. The RCAF also provides all primary air resources to and is responsible for the National Search and Rescue Program.\nThe RCAF traces its history to the Canadian Air Force which was formed in 1920. The Canadian Air Force was incorporated into the Department of National Defence in 1923 and granted royal sanction in 1924 by King George V.
/m/0hptm	Newark is the largest city in the U.S. state of New Jersey, and the county seat of Essex County. One of the nation's major air, shipping, and rail hubs, the city had a population of 277,140 in 2010, making it the nation's 67th most-populous municipality, after being ranked 63rd in the nation in 2000.\nLocated in the heart of New Jersey's Gateway Region, Newark is the second largest city in the New York metropolitan area, approximately 8 miles west of Manhattan. Port Newark, the major container shipping terminal in the Port of New York and New Jersey, is the largest on the East Coast. Newark Liberty International Airport was the first municipal commercial airport in the United States and today one of its busiest.\nNewark is headquarters to numerous corporations, such as Prudential Financial and PSEG. It is also home to several universities, such as Rutgers–Newark, the New Jersey Institute of Technology, and Seton Hall University's Law School. Among others, its cultural and sports venues include: the New Jersey Performing Arts Center, the Prudential Center, and the Bears & Eagles Riverfront Baseball Stadium.
/m/042_h5	Twelfth grade or Senior year, or Grade Twelve, are the North American names for the final year of secondary school. In most countries students then graduate at age 17 or 18. In some countries, there is a thirteenth grade, while other countries do not have a 12th grade/year at all. Twelfth grade is typically the last and senior year of high school.
/m/0405l	James R. \"Jim\" Jarmusch is an American independent film director, screenwriter, actor, producer, editor and composer. Jarmusch has consistently been a major proponent of independent cinema, since the 1980s.
/m/045w_4	Gillian Spencer is an American soap opera actress and writer.\nShe has had roles on soaps such as The Edge of Night, The Secret Storm, Guiding Light, As the World Turns and on One Life to Live as the original Victoria \"Viki\" Lord from 1968 until 1970.\nSpencer appeared in the 1968 feature comedy What's So Bad About Feeling Good?; in the film, she plays The Sack, a melancholy young woman living in a New York City commune with a burlap sack covering her entire body except for her bare feet.\nHowever, she is probably best remembered for playing the role of Daisy Murdock Cortlandt on the ABC soap, All My Children, a role she played from 1980 through 1989, and in 1994, 1995, 1996, and on April 20, 2010 with Taylor Miller for the tribute episode for James Mitchell. Daisy was originally presumed dead and used the alias \"Monique Jonvil\" to befriend Nina in college. Over the years, Nina often referred to her mother as \"Monique\". For her role of Daisy, Spencer received an Emmy Nomination for Best Actress.\nShe was co-head writer of Another World. She has also been a writer for As the World Turns, All My Children and the serial Days of our Lives.
/m/016n7b	Dessau is a city in Germany on the junction of the rivers Mulde and Elbe, in the Bundesland of Saxony-Anhalt. Since 1 July 2007, it is part of the new city of Dessau-Roßlau. Population of Dessau proper: 77,973.
/m/04myfb7	Rutina Wesley is an American film, stage, and television actress best known for her role as Tara Thornton on the HBO series True Blood.
/m/01_j71	Doris Roberts is an American character actress of film, stage, and television. She has received five Emmy Awards during her acting career, which began in 1952. She is perhaps best known for her role as Marie Barone on Everybody Loves Raymond.
/m/01jcjt	Nathanael Greene was a major general of the Continental Army in the American Revolutionary War, known for his successful command in the Southern Campaign, forcing British general Charles Cornwallis to abandon the Carolinas and head for Virginia. When the war began, Greene was a militia private, the lowest rank possible; he emerged from the war with a reputation as George Washington's most gifted and dependable officer. Many places in the United States are named for him. Greene suffered financial difficulties in the post-war years and died suddenly of sunstroke in 1786.
/m/034qbx	The Stepford Wives is a 2004 American science fiction film. It was directed by Frank Oz from a screenplay by Paul Rudnick and stars Nicole Kidman, Matthew Broderick, Bette Midler, Christopher Walken, Faith Hill and Glenn Close. The film is a remake of the 1975 film of the same name; both films are based on the Ira Levin novel The Stepford Wives. While the original book and film had tremendous cultural impact, the remake was marked by infighting behind the scenes, poor reviews by many critics, and a financial loss of approximately $40 million at the box office.
/m/02vk5b6	Symphonic black metal is a subgenre of black metal that emerged in the mid to late 1990s, and incorporates symphonic and orchestral elements.
/m/016bx2	Michael Latham Powell was a renowned English film director, celebrated for his partnership with Emeric Pressburger. Through their production company \"The Archers\", they together wrote, produced and directed a series of classic British films, notably 49th Parallel, The Life and Death of Colonel Blimp, A Matter of Life and Death, Black Narcissus, The Red Shoes, and The Tales of Hoffmann. His later controversial 1960 film Peeping Tom, however, was so vilified that his career was seriously damaged.
/m/01wk51	Rosanna Lisa Arquette is an American actress, film director, and producer.
/m/018jmn	Chiba Prefecture is a prefecture of Japan located in the Kantō region and the Greater Tokyo Area. Its capital is Chiba City.
/m/016zxr	Europop refers to a style of pop music that first developed in today's form in Europe, throughout the late 1970s. Europop topped the charts throughout the 1980s and 1990s. Many successful Europop artists came from France, Germany, Italy, Ireland, Netherlands, Poland and the United Kingdom, but most were Swedish in origin.\nIn the 1970s and early 1980s, such groups were primarily popular in continental countries, with the exception of ABBA. The Swedish four-piece band achieved great success in the UK, where they scored nineteen top 10 singles and nine chart-topping albums, and in North America and Australia.\nIn the late 1980s and early 1990s, Roxette and Ace of Base led Europop in American and British mainstream audiences. In the 1990s, pop groups like the Spice Girls, Aqua, Backstreet Boys and singer DJ BoBo were strongly influenced by Europop. Throughout the late 1990s and early 2000s, the Italian dance group Eiffel 65 were highly active in this genre. In the 2000s, one of the most popular representatives of Europop music was Swedish pop group Alcazar.\nOne of the main differences between American and European pop is that Europop is generally more dance and trance oriented. In central Europe, Italo disco and Euro house were the predominant attempts by young musicians to have a hit record in and beyond the borders of their own country.
/m/044mm6	Malcolm David Kelley is an American actor and a singer. He starred in the 2004 film You Got Served as \"Li'l Saint\". He also appears in the television series Lost as the character Walt Lloyd. A regular cast member in the show's first season, he appeared only occasionally thereafter due to a dramatic growth spurt. He returned for an appearance in \"Through the Looking Glass\", Lost's third season finale, and twice more in the fourth season, with the episodes \"Meet Kevin Johnson\" and \"There's No Place Like Home\", and reprised his role in the fifth season with the episode \"The Life and Death of Jeremy Bentham\". He reprised the role a final time in the Season 6 DVD box set mini-episode \"The New Man in Charge\".\nHe has also made appearances on Judging Amy, Law & Order: Special Victims Unit, My Name Is Earl, and Saving Grace.\nIn 2012 Kelley and his former Gigantic co-star Tony Oller joined up to form the pop duo MKTO.
/m/01w8g3	Calendar Girls is a 2003 comedy film directed by Nigel Cole. Produced by Buena Vista International and Touchstone Pictures, it features a screenplay by Tim Firth and Juliette Towhidi based on a true story of a group of Yorkshire women who produced a nude calendar to raise money for Leukaemia Research under the auspices of the Women's Institutes in April 1999.\nStarring an ensemble cast headed by Helen Mirren and Julie Walters, with Linda Bassett, Annette Crosbie, Celia Imrie, Penelope Wilton, and Geraldine James playing key supporting roles, the film garnered generally positive reactions by film critics, and at a budget of $10 million it became a major success, eventually grossing $96,000,000 worldwide following its theatrical release in the United States. In addition, the picture was awarded by the British Comedy Award for Best Comedy Film, and spawned ALFS Award Empire Award, Satellite Award and Golden Globe nominations for Mirren and Walters respectively.\nIn 2008 the film was adapted into a stage play.
/m/034gxk	Neo-progressive rock is a sub-genre of progressive rock, developed in the UK and popular in the 1980s, although it lives on today.\nNeo-progressive rock is characterized by deeply emotional content, often delivered via dramatic lyrics and a generous use of imagery and theatricality on-stage. The music is mostly the product of careful composition, relying less heavily on improvised jamming. The subgenre relies very much on clean, melodic & emotional electric guitar solos, combined with keyboards. The main musical influences on the neo-prog genre are Genesis, Yes, Camel, Marillion and Pink Floyd.\nEarly neo-prog was marked by sophisticated lyrics and often dark themes. While the accessibility of neo-prog by the mainstream is debatable, the form did generally seem more radio-friendly, with shorter tracks, than earlier progressive rock. Nonetheless, neo-prog never achieved the heights of popular success that the first wave of progressive rock in the 1970s did, with only one band, Marillion, achieving arena status.\nThe early notable neo-prog albums included Fact and Fiction by Twelfth Night, Script for a Jester's Tear by Marillion, The Wake by IQ, and The Sentinel by Pallas.
/m/051ys82	The Killer Inside Me is a 2010 American film adaptation of the 1952 novel of the same name by Jim Thompson. The film is directed by Michael Winterbottom and stars Casey Affleck, Kate Hudson, and Jessica Alba. At its release, it was criticised for its graphic depiction of violence directed toward women.
/m/0khth	Wilco is an American alternative rock band based in Chicago, Illinois. The band was formed in 1994 by the remaining members of alternative country group Uncle Tupelo following singer Jay Farrar's departure. Wilco's lineup changed frequently during its first decade, with only singer Jeff Tweedy and bassist John Stirratt remaining from the original incarnation. Since early 2004, the lineup has been unchanged, consisting of Tweedy, Stirratt, guitarist Nels Cline, multi-instrumentalist Pat Sansone, keyboard player Mikael Jorgensen, and drummer Glenn Kotche. Wilco has released eight studio albums, a live double album, and four collaborations: three with Billy Bragg and one with The Minus 5.\nWilco's music has been inspired by a wide variety of artists and styles, including Bill Fay, The Beatles and Television, and has in turn influenced music by a number of modern alternative rock acts. The band continued in the alternative country of Uncle Tupelo on its debut album A.M., but has since introduced more experimental aspects to their music, including elements of alternative rock and classic pop. Wilco's musical style has evolved from a 1990's country rock sound to a current \"eclectic indie rock collective that touches on many eras and genres.\"
/m/0cv2m	Chhattisgarh is a state in Central India. It is the 10th largest state in India, with an area of 135,190 km². With a population of 25.5 million, Chhattisgarh is the 16th most-populated state of the nation. It is a source of electricity and steel for India. Chhattisgarh accounts for 15% of the total steel produced in the country. Chhattisgarh is one of the fastest developing states in India.\nThe state was formed on 1 November 2000 by partitioning 16 Chhattisgarhi-speaking southeastern districts of Madhya Pradesh. Raipur was made its capital city. Chhattisgarh borders the states of Madhya Pradesh in the northwest, Maharastra in the southwest, Andhra Pradesh in the south, Odisha in the east, Jharkhand in the northeast and Uttar Pradesh in the north. Currently the state comprises 27 districts.
/m/01qn8k	Mischa Anne Barton is a film, television, and stage actress, and occasional fashion model with British, Irish, and American citizenship. She began her acting career on the stage, appearing in Tony Kushner's Slavs! and took the lead in James Lapine's Twelve Dreams at New York's Lincoln Center. She made her screen debut, making a guest appearance on the American soap opera All My Children. She then voiced a character on the Nickelodeon cartoon series KaBlam!. Her first major film role was as the protagonist of Lawn Dogs, an acclaimed drama co-starring Sam Rockwell. She continued acting, appearing in major box office pictures such as the romantic comedy, Notting Hill and M. Night Shyamalan's psychological thriller, The Sixth Sense. She also starred in the critically acclaimed indie crime drama Pups.\nShe later appeared in the independent drama, Lost and Delirious and played Evan Rachel Wood's girlfriend during a guest-arc on ABC's Once and Again. She is best known for her role as Marissa Cooper in the Fox television series The O.C., for which she received two Teen Choice Awards and a Prism Award nomination. The role catapulted Barton into mainstream fame, and Entertainment Weekly named her the \"It Girl\" of 2003.
/m/0345gh	Birkbeck, University of London, is a public research university located in London, in the United Kingdom, which specialises in evening higher education, and a constituent college of the federal University of London.\nIt offers many Master's and Bachelor's degree programmes that can be studied either part-time or full-time, though nearly all teaching is in the evening. It also admits full-time students for PhDs. Its staff members have excellent research reputations in subjects such as English, Economics, Statistics, History, History of Art, Philosophy, Psychology, Spanish and Science. It also offers many continuing education courses leading to certificates and diplomas, foundation degrees as well as other short courses.\nBirkbeck counts four Nobel prize winners and a British Prime Minister among its former students and staff.
/m/01hp5	Batman is a 1989 American superhero film directed by Tim Burton and produced by Jon Peters, based on the DC Comics character of the same name. It is the first installment of Warner Bros.' initial Batman film series. The film stars Jack Nicholson, Michael Keaton in the title role, Kim Basinger, Robert Wuhl, Pat Hingle, Billy Dee Williams, Michael Gough, and Jack Palance. In the film, Batman deals with the rise of a costumed criminal known as \"The Joker\".\nAfter Burton was hired as director in 1986, Steve Englehart and Julie Hickson wrote film treatments before Sam Hamm wrote the first screenplay. Batman was not greenlit until after the success of Burton's Beetlejuice. Numerous A-list actors were considered for the role of Batman before Keaton was cast. Keaton's casting caused a controversy since, by 1988, he had become typecast as a comedic actor and many observers doubted he could portray a serious role. Nicholson accepted the role of the Joker under strict conditions that dictated a high salary, a portion of the box office profits and his shooting schedule. The tone and themes of the film were influenced in part by Alan Moore's The Killing Joke and Frank Miller's The Dark Knight Returns.
/m/02qcqkl	Urban/contemporary gospel is a modern form of Christian music that expresses either personal or a communal belief regarding Christian life, as well as to give a Christian alternative to mainstream secular music. Musically, it follows the trends in secular urban contemporary music. Urban/contemporary gospel is a recent subgenre of gospel music. Christian hip hop is a subtype of urban/contemporary gospel music.\nAlthough the style developed gradually, early forms are generally dated to the 1970s, and the genre was well established by the end of the 1980s.\nThe radio format is marketed primarily to young African-American adults.
/m/0dgd_	A cinematographer or director of photography is the chief over the camera and lighting crews working on a film, television production or other live action piece and is responsible for achieving artistic and technical decisions related to the image. The study and practice of this field is referred to as cinematography.
/m/0fqpc7d	The 15th Satellite Awards, honoring the year's outstanding performers, films, television shows, DVDs, and interactive media, were presented by the International Press Academy at the Hyatt Regency Century Plaza in Los Angeles on Sunday, December 19, 2010. Nominations were announced on December 1.
/m/029r_2	West Dorset is a local government district and parliamentary constituency in Dorset, England. Its council is based in Dorchester. The district was formed on 1 April 1974, under the Local Government Act 1972, and was a merger of the boroughs of Bridport, Dorchester and Lyme Regis, along with Sherborne urban district, and the rural districts of Beaminster, Bridport, Dorchester and Sherborne. In 2006 the district was named 10th best place to live in the UK.
/m/0b_6qj	The 1989 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament involved 64 schools playing in single-elimination play to determine the national champion of men's NCAA Division I college basketball. It began on March 16, 1989, and ended with the championship game on April 3 in Seattle, Washington. A total of 63 games were played.\nMichigan, coached by Steve Fisher, won the national title with an 80–79 overtime victory in the final game over Seton Hall, coached by P.J. Carlesimo. Glen Rice of Michigan set an NCAA tournament record by scoring 184 points in six games and was named the tournament's Most Outstanding Player.\nJust prior to the start of this tournament, Michigan coach Bill Frieder had announced that he would accept the head coaching position at Arizona State University at the end of the season. Michigan athletic director Bo Schembechler promptly fired Frieder and appointed top assistant Fisher as interim coach, stating, famously, that \"a Michigan man is going to coach a Michigan team.\"\nTwo 16-seeded teams came within one point of victory in the first round, and a third came with six points. This tournament was also unusual in that all four 11-seeds advanced out of the first round.\nThe 1989 Tournament was the second one since 1980, with 1987 being the first, in which the defending national champion did not participate in the tournament. Kansas, winner of the 1988 NCAA title, had been placed on probation for violations committed by former coach Larry Brown and was barred from the tournament. Brown left Kansas immediately after winning the national championship to return to coaching in the NBA with the San Antonio Spurs, leaving first-year coach Roy Williams to clean up the mess. It is the only time the Jayhawks have missed the NCAA tournament between 1984 and 2013. The defending champion would not be left out of the next year's tournament again until 2008.
/m/06y9v	Suffolk is an East Anglian county of historic origin. It has borders with Norfolk to the north, Cambridgeshire to the west and Essex to the south. The North Sea lies to the east. The county town is Ipswich; other important towns include Lowestoft, Bury St Edmunds and Felixstowe, one of the largest container ports in Europe.\nThe county is low-lying with very few hills, and is largely arable land with the wetlands of the Broads in the north. The Suffolk Coast and Heaths are an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty.
/m/04t0p1	Tommy Boy Entertainment is an American independent record label started in 1981 by Tom Silverman.
/m/026ny	A dystopia is a community or society that is in some important way undesirable or frightening. It is the opposite of a utopia. Such societies appear in many artistic works, particularly in stories set in a future. Dystopias are often characterized by dehumanization, totalitarian governments, environmental disaster, or other characteristics associated with a cataclysmic decline in society. Dystopian societies appear in many sub-genres of fiction and are often used to draw attention to real-world issues regarding society, environment, politics, economics, religion, psychology, ethics, science, and/or technology, which if unaddressed could potentially lead to such a dystopia-like condition.\nFamous depictions of dystopian societies include R.U.R., which introduces the term Robot and the modern Robot concept along with the first Androids due to being organic, and is the first elaborate depiction of a machine take-over; Nineteen Eighty-Four, which takes place in a totalitarian invasive super state; Brave New World, where the human population is placed under a caste of psychological allocation; Fahrenheit 451, where the state burns books out of fear of what they may incite; Blade Runner in which genetically engineered replicants infiltrate society and must be hunted down before they injure humans,Battle Royale, in which the government controls its people by maintaining a constant state of fear through forcing randomly selected children to participate in an annual fight to the death; Logan's Run, in which both population and the consumption of resources are maintained in equilibrium by requiring the death of everyone reaching a particular age, and Soylent Green, where society suffers from pollution, overpopulation, depleted resources, poverty, dying oceans, and a hot climate. Much of the population survives on processed food rations, including \"soylent green\".
/m/014zfs	William Henry \"Bill\" Cosby Jr. is an American comedian, actor, author, television producer, educator, musician and activist. A veteran stand-up performer, he got his start at the hungry i in San Francisco and various other clubs, then landed a starring role in the 1960s action show I Spy. He later starred in his own sitcom, The Bill Cosby Show. He was one of the major performers on the children's television series The Electric Company during its first two seasons, and created the educational cartoon comedy series Fat Albert and the Cosby Kids, about a group of young friends growing up in the city. Cosby also acted in a number of films.\nDuring the 1980s, Cosby produced and starred in one of the decade's defining sitcoms, The Cosby Show, which aired eight seasons from 1984 to 1992. It was the number one show in America for five straight years. The sitcom highlighted the experiences and growth of an affluent African-American family. He also produced the spin-off sitcom A Different World, which became second to The Cosby Show in ratings. He starred in the sitcom Cosby from 1996 to 2000 and hosted Kids Say the Darndest Things for two seasons.\nIn 2002, scholar Molefi Kete Asante included him in his book The 100 Greatest African Americans.
/m/01frpd	Northrop Grumman Corporation is an American global aerospace and defense technology company formed by the 1994 purchase of Grumman by Northrop. The company was the fourth-largest defense contractor in the world as of 2010. Northrop Grumman employs over 68,000 people worldwide. It reported revenues of 25.218 billion in 2012. Northrop Grumman ranks No. 72 on the 2011 Fortune 500 list of America's largest corporations and ranks in the top ten military-friendly employers. It is headquartered in West Falls Church, Virginia.
/m/045j3w	The Grudge is a 2004 American supernatural horror film, and the first installment in The Grudge franchise. It is a remake of the Japanese film Ju-on: The Grudge. The film was released in North America on October 22, 2004 by Columbia Pictures, and was directed by Takashi Shimizu while Stephen Susco scripted the film. The plot is told through a non-linear sequence of events and includes several intersecting subplots.\nAs the first installment of The Grudge series, it was followed by two sequels: The Grudge 2, and The Grudge 3.
/m/071zb	St Albans is a city and unparished area in southern Hertfordshire, England, around 19 miles north of central London. It forms the main urban area of the City and District of St Albans. It was the first major town on the old Roman road of Watling Street for travellers heading north and became the Roman city of Verulamium. It is a historic market town and is now a dormitory town within the London commuter belt.
/m/0gldyz	Blades of Glory is a 2007 American comedy film directed by Will Speck and Josh Gordon, and starring Will Ferrell and Jon Heder. The movie was released on March 29, 2007 produced by MTV Films, Red Hour and Smart Entertainment, released by DreamWorks Pictures and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was released on DVD and HD DVD on August 7, 2007 and released on Blu-ray Disc on May 20, 2008.
/m/0lw_s	Hamilton is the seat and most populous city of the Waikato Region, in the North Island of New Zealand.\nThe city encompasses a land area of about 98 km² on the banks of the Waikato River, and is home to 150,200 people, making it New Zealand's fourth most-populous city. Hamilton City is part of the wider Hamilton Urban Area, which also encompasses the nearby towns of Ngaruawahia, Te Awamutu and Cambridge.\nInitially an agricultural service centre, Hamilton now has a growing and diverse economy and is the third fastest growing urban area in New Zealand. Education and research and development play an important part in Hamilton's economy, as the city is home to approximately 40,000 tertiary students and 1,000 PhD-qualified scientists.
/m/01k0xy	American Wedding is a 2003 American romantic comedy film and a sequel to American Pie and American Pie 2 as part of the American Pie theatrical series. It was written by Adam Herz and directed by Jesse Dylan. Another sequel, American Reunion, was released nine years later. This also stands as the last film in the series to be written by Herz, who conceptualized the franchise.\nThough the film mainly focuses on the union of Jim Levenstein and Michelle Flaherty, for the first time in the series, the story centers on Steve Stifler, and his outrageous antics including his attempt to organize a bachelor party, teaching Jim to dance for the wedding, and competing with Finch to win the heart of Michelle's lovely sister, Cadence.
/m/0dt39	The Nobel Prize in Physics is awarded once a year by the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences. It is one of the five Nobel Prizes established by the will of Alfred Nobel in 1895 and awarded since 1901; the others are the Nobel Prize in Chemistry, Nobel Prize in Literature, Nobel Peace Prize, and Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine. The first Nobel Prize in Physics was awarded to Wilhelm Conrad Röntgen, a German, \"in recognition of the extraordinary services he has rendered by the discovery of the remarkable rays.\" This award is administered by the Nobel Foundation and widely regarded as the most prestigious award that a scientist can receive in physics. It is presented in Stockholm at an annual ceremony on December 10, the anniversary of Nobel's death.
/m/0f3zf_	Dean Raymond Cundey, A.S.C. is an American cinematographer.
/m/0gv10	Nantucket is an island 30 miles south of Cape Cod, Massachusetts, in the United States. Together with the small islands of Tuckernuck and Muskeget, it constitutes the town of Nantucket, Massachusetts, and the coterminous Nantucket County, which are consolidated. As of the 2010 census, the population was 10,172. Part of the town is designated the Nantucket CDP, or census-designated place. The region of Surfside on Nantucket is the southernmost settlement in Massachusetts.\nThe name, Nantucket, is adapted from similar Algonquian names for the island, perhaps meaning \"faraway land or island\".\nNantucket is a tourist destination and summer colony. The population of the island increases to about 50,000 during the summer months, due to tourists and seasonal residents. In 2008, Forbes Magazine cited Nantucket as having home values among the highest in the US.\nThe National Park Service cites Nantucket, designated a National Historic Landmark District in 1966, as being the \"finest surviving architectural and environmental example of a late 18th- and early 19th-century New England seaport town\".
/m/085pr	William Goldman is an American novelist, playwright, and screenwriter. He came to prominence in the 1950s as a novelist, before turning to writing for film. He has won two Academy Awards for his screenplays, first for the western Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid and again for All the President's Men, about journalists who broke the Watergate scandal of President Richard Nixon. Both films starred Robert Redford.\nHis other notable works include his thriller novel Marathon Man and comedy-fantasy novel The Princess Bride, both of which Goldman adapted for film.
/m/050tt8	Uttarakhand or, formerly Uttaranchal, is a state in the northern part of India. It is often referred to as the \"Land of the Gods\" due to the many holy Hindu temples and pilgrimage centres found throughout the state. Uttarakhand is known for its natural beauty of the Himalayas, the Bhabhar and the Terai. On 9 November 2000, this 27th state of the Republic of India was carved out of the Himalayan and adjoining northwestern districts of Uttar Pradesh. It borders the Tibet Autonomous Region on the north; the Mahakali Zone of the Far-Western Region, Nepal on the east; and the Indian states of Uttar Pradesh to the south and Himachal Pradesh to the northwest. The state is divided into two divisions, Garhwal and Kumaon, with a total of 13 districts. The provisional capital of Uttarakhand is Dehradun, the largest city in the region, which is a railhead. The high court of the state is in Nainital.\nArchaeological evidence support the existence of humans in the region since prehistoric times. Among the first major dynasties of Garhwal and Kumaon were the Kunindas in the 2nd century BCE who practised an early form of Shaivism. Ashokan edicts at Kalsi show the early presence of Buddhism in this region. During the medieval period the region was consolidated under the Kumaon and Garhwal kingdom. By 1803 the region fell to the Gurkha Empire of Nepal and with the conclusion of the Anglo-Nepalese War in 1816 most of modern Uttarakhand was ceded to the British as part of the Treaty of Sugauli. Although the erstwhile hill kingdoms of Garhwal and Kumaon were traditional rivals, the proximity of different neighbouring ethnic groups and the inseparable and complementary nature of their geography, economy, culture, language, and traditions created strong bonds between the two regions which further strengthened during the movement for statehood in the 1990s.
/m/0q59y	George Francis Abbott was an American theater producer and director, playwright, screenwriter, and film director and producer whose career spanned more than nine decades.
/m/014j0w	Alternative Tentacles is an independent record label established in 1979 in San Francisco, California. It was originally used as the label name by the Dead Kennedys for the self-produced single \"California Über Alles\", and after realizing the potential for an independent label, they released records for other bands as well. Dead Kennedys guitarist East Bay Ray and vocalist Jello Biafra formed the original Alternative Tentacles partnership, but the label is now run by Biafra, who became the sole owner in the mid-1980s.
/m/02dq8f	The University at Albany, known officially as University at Albany, State University of New York, is an internationally recognized public research institution with campuses in Albany, Guilderland, and East Greenbush, New York, United States. The oldest university campus of the State University of New York system, founded in 1844, it carries out a broad mission of undergraduate and graduate education, research, and service, and has grown to be a flagship institution of New York. The University has three campuses: the Uptown Campus in Albany and Guilderland's McKownville neighborhood, the Downtown Campus in Albany, and the East Campus in East Greenbush, just east of Albany.\nThe University enrolls more than 17,000 students in nine schools and colleges, which offer 50 undergraduate majors and 128 graduate degree programs. The University’s academic choices are diverse and include a range of new and emerging fields such as public policy, nanotechnology, globalization, documentary studies, biotechnology and informatics. Students take advantage of more than 500 study-abroad programs, as well as extensive internship opportunities that offer real-world experience in New York’s capital and surrounding region. The Honors College, which opened in fall 2006, offers opportunities for the best-prepared students to work closely with faculty.
/m/0ds1glg	We Bought a Zoo is a 2011 comedy-drama/family film based on the 2008 memoir of the same name by Benjamin Mee. The film is directed by Cameron Crowe, and stars Matt Damon as the lead character. It tells the story of Mee and his family who purchase a dilapidated zoo and take on the challenge of preparing the zoo for its reopening to the public.\nWe Bought a Zoo was released in the United States on December 23, 2011. The film received mixed-to-positive reception from film critics, but still grossed a total of $120 million.
/m/048ldh	The Hamilton Bulldogs are a professional ice hockey team in the American Hockey League. They play in Hamilton, Ontario, at FirstOntario Centre, nicknamed 'The Dog Pound'. They are the AHL affiliate of the NHL's Montreal Canadiens. The team has won the Calder Cup once in their history, in 2007.
/m/0f0y8	John William Coltrane, also known as \"Trane\", was an American jazz saxophonist and composer. Working in the bebop and hard bop idioms early in his career, Coltrane helped pioneer the use of modes in jazz and later was at the forefront of free jazz. He organized at least fifty recording sessions as a leader during his career, and appeared as a sideman on many other albums, notably with trumpeter Miles Davis and pianist Thelonious Monk.\nAs his career progressed, Coltrane and his music took on an increasingly spiritual dimension. His second wife was pianist Alice Coltrane and their son Ravi Coltrane is also a saxophonist. Coltrane influenced innumerable musicians, and remains one of the most significant saxophonists in jazz history. He received many posthumous awards and recognitions, including canonization by the African Orthodox Church as Saint John William Coltrane and a special Pulitzer Prize in 2007.
/m/016wtf	A sailor, seaman, mariner, or seafarer is a person who navigates waterborne vessels or assists as a crewmember in their operation and maintenance. The term bluejacket may be used for British or US Navy sailors, the latter especially when deployed ashore as infantry. The Bluejacket's Manual is the basic handbook for United States Navy personnel. 700,000 of the world's mariners come from the Philippines, being the world's largest origin of seafarers.\nEtymologically, the name \"sailor\" preserves the memory of the time when ships were commonly powered by sails, but it applies to the personnel of all vessels, whatever their mode of propulsion, and includes military and security maritime personnel and members of the merchant marine, as well as recreational sailors. The term \"seaman\" is frequently used in the particular sense of a sailor who is not an officer.
/m/01pqy_	Kelly Preston is an American actress and former model. She has appeared in more than 60 television and film productions, most notably including Mischief, Twins and Jerry Maguire. She is married to John Travolta.
/m/0cp9f9	Matthew Weiner is an American writer, director and producer. He is the creator of the AMC television drama series Mad Men. He is also noted for his work on the HBO drama series The Sopranos, on which he served as a writer and producer during the show's fifth and sixth seasons. Weiner has received nine Primetime Emmy Awards for his work on Mad Men and The Sopranos, winning three for Mad Men, as well as three Golden Globe Awards for Mad Men. Mad Men has won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Drama Series four consecutive years; The Sopranos won the same award twice. Weiner was named one of the 2011 Time 100 Most Influential People In The World. In November 2011, The Atlantic named him one of 21 \"Brave Thinkers.\"
/m/0b_6q5	The 1988 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament involved 64 schools playing in single-elimination play to determine the national champion of men's NCAA Division I college basketball. It began on March 17, 1988, and ended with the championship game on April 4 returning to Kansas City, Missouri for the 10th time. A total of 63 games were played.\nKansas, coached by Larry Brown, won the national title with an 83–79 victory in the final game over Big Eight Conference rival Oklahoma, coached by Billy Tubbs. As of 2013, this was the last national championship game to feature two schools from the same conference. Danny Manning of Kansas was named the tournament's Most Outstanding Player. Even though the Final Four was contested only 40 miles from its campus in Lawrence, Kansas, Kansas was considered a long shot against the top rated Sooners because Oklahoma had previously easily defeated the Jayhawks twice that season -- at home in Norman, Oklahoma and on the road in Kansas' Allen Fieldhouse. After this upset, the 1988 Kansas team was remembered as \"Danny and the Miracles.\"
/m/053rxgm	The Expendables is a 2010 American ensemble action film written by David Callaham, and also written and directed by Sylvester Stallone, who also starred in the lead role. The film co-stars Jason Statham, Jet Li, Dolph Lundgren, Randy Couture, Terry Crews and Mickey Rourke. The film was released in the United States on August 13, 2010. It is the first installment in The Expendables film series. This was Dolph Lundgren's first theatrical release film since 1995's Johnny Mnemonic, and Steve Austin's last theatrical release film until 2013's Grown Ups 2.\nThe film is about a group of elite mercenaries tasked with a mission to overthrow a Latin American dictator whom they soon discover to be a mere puppet controlled by a ruthless ex-CIA officer James Munroe. It pays tribute to the blockbuster action films of the late 1980s and early 1990s. It was distributed by Lionsgate.\nThe Expendables received mixed reviews, praising the action scenes, but criticizing the lack of story. However, it was commercially successful, opening at number one at the box office in the United States, the United Kingdom, China and India. A sequel was released on August 17, 2012.
/m/01v8c	Cologne is Germany's fourth-largest city, and is the largest city both in the German Federal State of North Rhine-Westphalia and within the Rhine-Ruhr Metropolitan Area, one of the major European metropolitan areas with more than ten million inhabitants.\nCologne is located on both sides of the Rhine River. The city's famous Cologne Cathedral is the seat of the Catholic Archbishop of Cologne. The University of Cologne is one of Europe's oldest and largest universities.\nCologne was founded and established in the first century AD, as the Roman Colonia Claudia Ara Agrippinensium in Ubii territory. It was the capital of the Roman province of Germania Inferior and the headquarters of the military in the region until occupied by the Franks in 462. During the Middle Ages it flourished as one of the most important major trade routes between east and west in Europe. Cologne was one of the leading members of the Hanseatic League and one of the largest cities north of the Alps in medieval and renaissance times. Up until World War II the city had undergone several other occupations by the French and also the British. Cologne was one of the most heavily bombed cities in Germany during World War II. The bombing reduced the population by 95% and destroyed almost the entire city. With the intention of restoring as many historic buildings as possible, the rebuilding has resulted in a very mixed and unique cityscape.
/m/0bzkvd	The 41st Academy Awards were presented on April 14, 1969 at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion, Los Angeles. It was the first Academy Awards ceremony broadcast worldwide. There was no host and it was also the first venue at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion.\nOliver! became the first—and so far, the only—G-rated film to win the Academy Award for Best Picture. In stark contrast, the following year would see the only X-rated film to win Best Picture: Midnight Cowboy. Oliver! would also be the last British film to win Best Picture until Chariots of Fire in 1982 and the very last movie musical to win until Chicago in 2003, though others have been nominated: Hello, Dolly!, Fiddler on the Roof, Cabaret, All That Jazz, Beauty and the Beast, and Moulin Rouge!.\nAs the special effects director and designer for 2001: A Space Odyssey, Stanley Kubrick was the recipient of the Academy Award for Best Visual Effects this year. It was the only Oscar he would ever win. Of all the films nominated for the Oscar this year, only 2001 would show up 30 years later on the American Film Institute list of the greatest American films of the 20th Century and Oliver! was the only Best Picture-nominated film this year to be nominated on the same list, but was not chosen to be on the list like 2001. Funny Girl, The Lion in Winter, Oliver!, and The Producers also have had their share of American Film Institute recognition, as well.
/m/0g9z_32	The Dictator is a 2012 American comedy film co-written by and starring Sacha Baron Cohen as his fourth feature film in a leading role. The film is directed by Larry Charles, who previously directed Baron Cohen's mockumentaries Borat and Brüno. Cohen, in the role of Admiral General Aladeen, the dictator of the fictional Republic of Wadiya visiting the United States, stars alongside Anna Faris, Ben Kingsley, Jason Mantzoukas, and an uncredited appearance by John C. Reilly.\nProducers Jeff Schaffer and David Mandel said that Cohen's character was inspired by actual dictators Kim Jong-il, Idi Amin, Muammar Gaddafi, and Saparmurat Niyazov.
/m/015c1b	According to the Bible, Mary, also known as Saint Mary or Virgin Mary, was a Jewish woman of Nazareth in Galilee and the mother of Jesus. She is identified in the New Testament as the mother of Jesus through divine intervention. Mary also has a revered position in Islam, where a whole chapter of the Qur'an is devoted to her. Christians hold her son Jesus to be Christ and God the Son Incarnate. By contrast, Muslims regard Jesus as one of the prophets of God sent to humanity; not as God himself nor the Son of God.\nThe canonical gospels of Matthew and Luke describe Mary as a virgin. Traditionally, Christians believe that she conceived her son miraculously by the agency of the Holy Spirit. Muslims believe that she conceived her son miraculously by the command of God. This took place when she was already betrothed to Saint Joseph and was awaiting the concluding rite of marriage, the formal home-taking ceremony. She married Joseph and accompanied him to Bethlehem, where Jesus was born. In keeping with Jewish custom, the betrothal would have taken place when she was around 12, and the birth of Jesus about a year later.
/m/0z74	Australian rules football, officially known as Australian football, also called football, footy or Aussie rules, is a sport played between two teams of eighteen players on the field of either an Australian football ground, a modified cricket field, or a similarly sized sports venue. The main way to score points is by kicking the ball between the two tall goal posts. The team with the higher total score at the end of the match wins unless either a draw is declared or a tie-break is used.\nDuring general play, players may position themselves anywhere on the field and use any part of their bodies to move the ball. The primary methods are kicking, handballing and running with the ball. There are rules on how the ball can be handled: for example, players running with the ball must intermittently bounce or touch it on the ground. Throwing the ball is not allowed and players must not get caught holding the ball. Possession of the ball is in dispute at all times except when a free kick or mark is paid. A distinctive feature of the game is the mark, where players anywhere on the field who catch a ball from a kick are awarded possession. Australian football is a contact sport in which players can tackle using their hands or use their whole body to obstruct opponents. Dangerous physical contact, interference when marking and deliberately slowing the play are discouraged with free kicks, distance penalties or suspension for a certain number of matches, depending on the seriousness of the infringement. Frequent physical contests, spectacular marking, fast movement of both players and the ball and high scoring are the game's main attributes.
/m/02jqjm	Toto is an American rock band formed in 1977 in Los Angeles, California. The band's current lineup consists of Joseph Williams, David Paich, Steve Porcaro, Steve Lukather, and Keith Carlock. Bass player Nathan East is currently touring with Toto as a guest musician, as Mike Porcaro is too ill to tour. Toto is known for a musical style that combines elements of pop, rock, soul, funk, progressive rock, hard rock, R&B and jazz.\nDavid Paich and Jeff Porcaro had played together as session musicians on several albums and decided to form a band. David Hungate, Steve Lukather, Steve Porcaro and Bobby Kimball were recruited before their first album release. The band enjoyed great commercial success in the late 1970s and 1980s, beginning with the band's eponymous debut released in 1978. With the release of the critically acclaimed and commercially successful Toto IV, Toto became one of the best-selling music groups of their era. They are best known for the Top 5 hits \"Hold the Line\", \"Rosanna\", and \"Africa\". Several changes to the lineup have been made over the years. In 2008, Lukather announced his departure from the band, and the remaining band members later went their separate ways. In the summer of 2010, Toto reformed and went on a short European tour, with a new lineup, to benefit Mike Porcaro, who had been diagnosed with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and is no longer an active member of the band.
/m/01wn718	Wasalu Muhammad Jaco, better known by his stage name Lupe Fiasco, is an American rapper, record producer, and entrepreneur. He rose to fame in 2006 following the success of his debut album, Lupe Fiasco's Food & Liquor. He also performs as the frontman of rock band Japanese Cartoon under his real name. As an entrepreneur, Fiasco is the chief executive officer of 1st and 15th Entertainment.\nRaised in Chicago, Fiasco developed an interest in hip hop after initially disliking the genre for its use of vulgarity and misogyny. After adopting the name Lupe Fiasco and recording songs in his father's basement, 19-year-old Fiasco joined a group called Da Pak. The group disbanded shortly after its inception, and Fiasco soon met rapper Jay-Z who helped him sign a record deal with Atlantic Records. In September 2006, Fiasco released his debut album Lupe Fiasco's Food & Liquor on the label, which received three Grammy nominations. He released his second album, Lupe Fiasco's The Cool, in December 2007. The lead single \"Superstar\" peaked at number 10 on the Billboard Hot 100. After a two-year delay, Lasers was released in March 2011 to mixed reviews, with lead single \"The Show Goes On\" peaking at number 9 on the chart. Food & Liquor II: The Great American Rap Album Pt. 1 was released in September 2012.
/m/07hgm	Talking Heads was an American new wave band formed in 1975 in New York City and active until 1991. The band comprised David Byrne, Chris Frantz, Tina Weymouth and Jerry Harrison. Other musicians also regularly made appearances in concert and on the group's albums. The new wave style of Talking Heads combined elements of punk rock, art rock, avant-garde, pop, funk, world music, and Americana. Frontman and songwriter David Byrne contributed whimsical, esoteric lyrics to the band's songs, and emphasized their showmanship through various multimedia projects and performances.\nCritic Stephen Thomas Erlewine describes Talking Heads as being \"one of the most critically acclaimed bands of the '80s, while managing to earn several pop hits.\" In 2002, the band was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. Four of the band's albums appeared on Rolling Stone magazine's 2003 list of the 500 Greatest Albums of All Time, and the Channel 4 100 Greatest Albums poll listed one album at number 76. On a 2011 update of Rolling Stone's \"100 Greatest Artists of All Time\", the band was ranked at No. 100.
/m/0133h8	Lower Austria is the northeasternmost state of the nine states in Austria. The capital of Lower Austria since 1986 is Sankt Pölten, the most recently designated capital town in Austria. The capital of Lower Austria had formerly been Vienna, even though Vienna is not officially part of Lower Austria. With a land area of 19,186 km² and a population of 1.612 million people, it is the largest state in Austria, and in terms of population second only to the federal state of Vienna.
/m/0h9dj	Skin cancers are named after the type of skin cell from which they arise. Basal cell cancer originates from the lowest layer of the epidermis, and is the most common but least dangerous skin cancer. Squamous cell cancer originates from the middle layer, and is less common but more likely to spread and, if untreated, become fatal. Melanoma, which originates in the pigment-producing cells, is the least common, but most aggressive, most likely to spread and, if untreated, become fatal.\nMost cases are caused by over-exposure to UV rays from the sun or sunbeds. Treatment is generally via surgical removal.\nMelanoma has one of the higher survival rates among cancers, with over 75% of people surviving 10 years in the UK during 2005–2007. In the UK in 2010, 12,818 people were diagnosed with malignant melanoma, and about 100,000 people were diagnosed with non-melanoma skin cancer. There were 2,746 deaths from skin cancer, 2,203 from malignant melanoma and 546 from non-malignant melanoma. In the US in 2008, 59,695 people were diagnosed with melanoma, and 8,623 people died from it.
/m/01c58j	Robert Emerson \"Bob\" Clampett was an American animator, producer, director, and puppeteer best known for his work on the Looney Tunes animated series from Warner Bros., and the television shows Time for Beany and Beany and Cecil. Clampett was born and raised not far from Hollywood, and early on expressed an interest in animation and puppetry. After leaving high school a few months shy of graduating in 1931, Clampett joined the team at Harman-Ising Productions and began working on the studio's newest short subjects, titled Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies.\nClampett was promoted to a directorial position in 1937 and during his fifteen years at the studio, directed 84 cartoons later deemed classic and designed some of the studio's most famous characters, including Porky Pig and Tweety. Among Clampett's most acclaimed films are Porky in Wackyland, Coal Black and de Sebben Dwarfs and The Great Piggy Bank Robbery. Clampett left Warner Bros. Cartoons in 1946 and turned his attention to television, creating the famous puppet show Time for Beany in 1949. A later animated version of the series, titled Beany and Cecil, ran on ABC for five years beginning in 1962 and ending in 1967, which was well loved by millions, and credited \"a Bob Clampett Cartoon\".
/m/02b1xy	Arbroath F.C. are a Scottish football club currently playing in the Scottish League One. The club were founded in 1878 and play home matches at Gayfield Park. They play in maroon strips, and are nicknamed \"the Red Lichties\" due to the red light that used to guide fishing boats back from the North Sea to the burgh's harbour. Arbroath share an old and fierce rivalry with local neighbours Montrose.
/m/03lsq	The Houston Texans are a professional American football team based in Houston, Texas. The team is a member of the South Division of the American Football Conference in the National Football League. The Texans joined the NFL in 2002 as an expansion team after Houston's previous franchise, the Houston Oilers, moved to Nashville, Tennessee, where they are now the Tennessee Titans. The team majority owner is Bob McNair. The team clinched its first playoff berth during the 2011 season as champions of the AFC South. The Texans repeated as AFC South champions in 2012.
/m/01_q7h	Kanpur, is one of the largest industrial cities of Northern India and one of the largest in India. It is the administrative headquarters of Kanpur Nagar district and Kanpur division. It is known as Leather City as it contains some of the largest and finest tanneries in India.Kanpur is the largest city of the Indian state Uttar Pradesh followed by the state capital Lucknow and is one of the main centres of commercial and industrial activities.\n\nKanpur is situated on the bank of river Ganges and has been an important place in the history of modern India. Kanpur was one of the main centers of industrial revolution in India. It was and is known as Manchester of the East. Towards the end of 19th century, Sir John Burney Allens established a group of companies such as Kanpur Textiles, Cawnpore Woollen Mills, Flex Shoes Company, Elgin Mills and North Tannery under the banner of British India Corporation having headquarters at Kanpur. In the beginning of 20th century, Lala Kamlapat established a group of companies such as; J.K. Cotton Mills and J.K. Iron etc. under the banner of J.K. During the same period Sir J. P. Srivastava established New Victoria Mills.The Jaipuria family bought Swadeshi Cotton Mills from the Horsman family and in 1928 Sardar Inder Singh founded India's First steel re-rolling mill at Singh Engineering which later became one of India's biggest steel rolling mills. British Government also established a number of factories like; Ordnance Factory, Kanpur and Parachute Factory in 1886 to supplement their defence requirements.²
/m/01m9f1	Exeter is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States. The town's population was 14,306 at the 2010 census. Exeter was the county seat until 1997, when county offices were moved to neighboring Brentwood. Home to the Phillips Exeter Academy, a private university-preparatory school, Exeter is situated where the Exeter River feeds the tidal Squamscott River.\nThe urban portion of the town, where 9,242 people resided at the 2010 census, is defined by the U. S. Census Bureau as the Exeter census-designated place.
/m/047g6m	Brescia Calcio is an Italian football club in Brescia, Lombardy, currently playing in the Serie B.\nIn the 2009–10 season, in the return leg of the Serie B playoff final, they defeated Torino 2–1 at home, returning to Serie A football after a five-year absence. In the 2010–11 season, however, they were relegated back to Serie B.\nFounded in 1911, the club holds the record for total number of seasons and consecutive seasons in Serie B, which they have won three times. Also included in their honours is an Anglo-Italian Cup, won in 1994 against Notts County. Their best finish in Serie A came in the 2000–01 season in seventh place, when, led by the 1993 Ballon d'Or winner Roberto Baggio, the club qualified for the Intertoto Cup. In the latter competition, Brescia reached the final but were defeated on the away goals rule by Paris Saint-Germain after two draws.\nPreviously, in the 1928–29 Divisione Nazionale, the team finished joint-second, along with Juventus, eight points behind first-placed Bologna.\nThe team's colours are blue and white. Its stadium is the 27,547 seater Stadio Mario Rigamonti.
/m/0ch3qr1	Jack and Jill is a 2011 comedy film written by Steve Koren, Robert Smigel, Ben Zook and directed by Dennis Dugan.
/m/0dg3n1	Africa is the world's second-largest and second-most-populous continent. At about 30.2 million km² including adjacent islands, it covers six percent of the Earth's total surface area and 20.4 percent of the total land area. With 1.1 billion people as of 2013, it accounts for about 15% of the world's human population. The continent is surrounded by the Mediterranean Sea to the north, both the Suez Canal and the Red Sea along the Sinai Peninsula to the northeast, the Indian Ocean to the southeast, and the Atlantic Ocean to the west. The continent includes Madagascar and various archipelagoes. It has 54 fully recognized sovereign states, nine territories and two de facto independent states with limited or no recognition.\nAfrica's population is the youngest among all the continents; 50% of Africans are 19 years old or younger. Despite many fast-growing economies, Africa continues to have social issues plaguing their nations.\nAlgeria is Africa's largest country by area, and Nigeria is the largest by population. Africa, particularly central Eastern Africa, is widely accepted as the place of origin of humans and the Hominidae clade, as evidenced by the discovery of the earliest hominids and their ancestors, as well as later ones that have been dated to around seven million years ago, including Sahelanthropus tchadensis, Australopithecus africanus, A. afarensis, Homo erectus, H. habilis and H. ergaster – with the earliest Homo sapiens found in Ethiopia being dated to circa 200,000 years ago. Africa straddles the equator and encompasses numerous climate areas; it is the only continent to stretch from the northern temperate to southern temperate zones.
/m/01wrwf	Cornell Law School, located in Ithaca, New York, is a graduate school of Cornell University and one of the five Ivy League law schools. The school confers three law degrees. The school has a student to faculty ratio of 10.4 to 1, the third lowest of the 184 American Bar Association–accredited law schools in the United States.
/m/03m2fg	Sanjay Dutth is an Indian film actor and producer known for his work in Hindi cinema. He was briefly associated with politics and is also infamous for felonies committed during 1993 Mumbai blasts. Dutt, son of film actors Sunil Dutt and Nargis Dutt, made his acting debut in 1981. Since then he has acted in some of the most popular Hindi language films. Although Dutt has enjoyed major success in movie genres ranging from romance to comedy, it has been the roles of gangsters, thugs and police officers in films that have won Dutt unprecedented adulation, with fans and Indian film critics alike referring to him as the \"Deadly Dutt,\" for his larger-than-life portrayals of such characters.\nDutt was arrested under the Terrorist and Disruptive Activities Act in April 1993, due to terrorist interactions, and illegal possession of a 9mm pistol and an AK-56 assault rifle. After spending 18 months in jail, he was granted bail in April 1995. In July 2007 he was sentenced to six years rigorous imprisonment. The Supreme Court of India, in a judgement on 21 March 2013, convicted Dutt of illegal possession of arms relating to the 1993 Mumbai blasts case and sentenced him to five years imprisonment.
/m/01nm3s	John Stephen Goodman is an American actor, voice artist, and comedian, best known for his role as Dan Conner on the television series Roseanne, for which he won a Best Actor Golden Globe Award in 1993, and for providing the voice of Sulley in Monsters, Inc. and Monsters University. Other prominent roles Goodman has portrayed include supporting roles in The Artist, Argo, Flight, and The Hangover Part III and a regular role on the first season of HBO's Treme. As a film actor, Goodman has frequently collaborated with the Coen brothers on such films as Raising Arizona, Barton Fink, The Big Lebowski, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, and Inside Llewyn Davis.
/m/06vv_6	Elche Club de Fútbol, S.A.D., is a Spanish football team based in Elche, Province of Alicante, in the Valencian Community. Founded in 1923 it currently plays in La Liga, holding home matches at Estadio Manuel Martínez Valero, with a capacity of 38,750 seats.\nFounded in 1923 as the result of a merger between all of the town's clubs, Elche entered the league system in 1929, reaching Segunda División in 1934 and La Liga in 1959, finishing fifth in the latter tournament in 1963–64. It was runner-up in the Copa del Rey in 1969.
/m/01gpzx	Styria is a state or Bundesland, located in the southeast of Austria. In area it is the second largest of the nine Austrian federated states, covering 16,401 km². It borders Slovenia as well as the other Austrian states of Upper Austria, Lower Austria, Salzburg, Burgenland, and Carinthia. The population was 1,210,700. The capital city is Graz.
/m/07b1gq	Judge Dredd is a 1995 American science fiction action film directed by Danny Cannon, and starring Sylvester Stallone, Diane Lane, Rob Schneider, Armand Assante, and Max von Sydow. The film is based on the strip of the same name in the British comic 2000 AD. It was a critical and commercial disappointment.
/m/01jb8r	Filipino is a prestige register of the Tagalog language, based on the dialect of Manila, and is the name under which Tagalog is designated the national language and one of two official languages of the Philippines. Tagalog is a first language of about one-third of the Philippine population; it is centered around Manila but is spoken to varying degrees nationwide.
/m/056xkh	Be Cool is a 2005 crime-comedy film adapted from Elmore Leonard's 1999 novel of the same name and the sequel to Leonard's 1990 novel Get Shorty about mobster Chili Palmer's entrance into the film industry.\nThe film adaptation of Be Cool began production in 2003. It was directed by F. Gary Gray, produced by Danny DeVito, and starred John Travolta, reprising his role from the first film. The movie opened in March 2005 to generally mixed reviews, and was released to video and DVD distribution on June 7, 2005. This was Robert Pastorelli's final film, as he died one year before its theatrical release.
/m/05bt6j	Pop rock is a music genre which mixes a catchy pop style and light lyrics in its guitar-based rock songs. There are varying definitions of the term, ranging from a slower and mellower form of rock music to a subgenre of pop music. The detractors of pop rock often deride it as a slick, commercial product, less authentic than rock music.
/m/01ps2h8	Viggo Peter Mortensen, Jr. is an American actor, poet, musician, photographer and painter. He made his film debut in Peter Weir's 1985 thriller Witness, and subsequently appeared in many notable films of the 1990s, including The Indian Runner, Carlito's Way, Crimson Tide, Daylight, The Portrait of a Lady, G.I. Jane, A Perfect Murder, A Walk on the Moon and 28 Days.\nMortensen grew in prominence in the early 2000s with his role as Aragorn in the epic film trilogy The Lord of the Rings. In 2005, Mortensen won critical acclaim for David Cronenberg's crime thriller A History of Violence. Two years later, another Cronenberg film Eastern Promises earned him further critical acclaim. A third teaming with Cronenberg in A Dangerous Method resulted in a Golden Globe Best Supporting Actor nomination. Other well-received films in recent years have included Appaloosa and the 2009 film adaptation of Cormac McCarthy's novel The Road.\nAside from acting, his other artistic pursuits include fine arts, photography, poetry, and music. In 2002, he founded the Perceval Press to publish the works of little-known artists and authors. Mortensen is politically active. He campaigned for Dennis Kucinich in the 2008 United States presidential election.
/m/014yzm	Choline is a water-soluble essential nutrient. It is usually grouped within the B-complex vitamins. Choline generally refers to the various quaternary ammonium salts containing the N,N,N-trimethylethanolammonium cation..\nThe cation appears in the head groups of phosphatidylcholine and sphingomyelin, two classes of phospholipid that are abundant in cell membranes. Choline is the precursor molecule for the neurotransmitter acetylcholine, which is involved in many functions including memory and muscle control.\nCholine must be consumed through the diet for the body to remain healthy. It is used in the synthesis of the constructional components in the body's cell membranes. Despite the perceived benefits of choline, dietary recommendations have discouraged people from eating certain high-choline foods, such as eggs and fatty meats. The 2005 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey stated that only 2% of postmenopausal women consume the recommended intake for choline.
/m/0dzbl	Eton College, often informally referred to as Eton, is a British independent boarding school located in Eton, near Windsor in England. It educates over 1,300 pupils, aged between 13 and 18 years and was founded in 1440 by King Henry VI as \"The King's College of Our Lady of Eton besides Wyndsor\".\nEton is one of nine English independent schools, commonly referred to as \"public schools\", included in the original Public Schools Act 1868. Following the public school tradition, Eton is a full boarding school, which means all pupils live at the school, and is one of four such remaining single-sex boys' public schools in the United Kingdom to continue this practice. It has educated nineteen British Prime Ministers and generations of aristocracy, and has been referred to as the chief nurse of England's statesmen.
/m/05cxb38	A National Historical Park is a category of park maintained by the U. S. Park Service and listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
/m/0cgzj	Sir Sidney Poitier, KBE, is an American-born Bahamian actor, film director, author, and diplomat.\nIn 1963, Poitier became the first black person to win an Academy Award for Best Actor for his role in Lilies of the Field. The significance of this achievement was later bolstered in 1967 when he starred in three successful films: To Sir, with Love; In the Heat of the Night; and Guess Who's Coming to Dinner, making him the top box-office star of that year. In all three films, issues revolve around the race of the characters Poitier portrays. In 1999, the American Film Institute named Poitier among the Greatest Male Stars of All Time, ranking 22nd on the list of 25.\nPoitier has directed a number of popular movies, such as A Piece of the Action, Uptown Saturday Night, Let's Do It Again and Stir Crazy. In 2002, thirty-eight years after receiving the Best Actor Award, Poitier was chosen by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences to receive an Honorary Award, designated \"To Sidney Poitier in recognition of his remarkable accomplishments as an artist and as a human being.\" Since 1997, he has been the Bahamian ambassador to Japan. On August 12, 2009, Sidney Poitier was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the United States of America's highest civilian honor, by President Barack Obama.
/m/0gkts9	This is a list of winners of the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Single Performance by a Supporting Actress in a Comedy or Drama Series, Outstanding Guest Actress in a Drama Series, and Outstanding Guest Supporting Actress.
/m/049912	Football Club de Nantes is a French association football club based in Nantes, Pays de la Loire. The club was founded on 21 April 1943, during World War II, as a result of local clubs based in the city coming together to form one big club. From 1992–2007, the club was referred to as FC Nantes Atlantique before reverting to its current name at the start of the 2007–08 season. Nantes will play in Ligue 1, the first division of French football in the 2013-14 season. The club has spent the majority of its life in Ligue 1, but last played in the league in 2008. The first-team is currently managed by Franco-Armenian coach Michel Der Zakarian and captained by defender Olivier Veigneau.\nNantes is one of the most successful clubs in French football having won eight Ligue 1 titles, three Coupe de France wins, and attained one Coupe de la Ligue victory. The club is famous for its jeu à la nantaise, its collective spirit, mainly advocated under coaches José Arribas, Jean-Claude Suaudeau and Raynald Denoueix and for its youth system, which has produced players such as Marcel Desailly, Didier Deschamps, Mickaël Landreau and Christian Karembeu. As well as Les Canaris, Nantes is also nicknamed Les jaunes et verts and La Maison Jaune.
/m/099p5	Linus Carl Pauling was an American chemist, biochemist, peace activist, author, and educator. He was one of the most influential chemists in history and ranks among the most important scientists of the 20th century. Pauling was one of the founders of the fields of quantum chemistry and molecular biology.\nFor his scientific work, Pauling was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1954. In 1962, for his peace activism, he was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize. This makes him the only person to be awarded two unshared Nobel Prizes. He is one of only four individuals to have won more than one Nobel Prize. Pauling is also one of only two people to be awarded Nobel Prizes in different fields, the other being Marie Curie.\nHowever, his promotion of orthomolecular medicine, megavitamin therapy, dietary supplements, and vitamin C have been criticized, with a pediatrician Paul Offit stating that Pauling \"was arguably the world's greatest quack\" for his assertions about dietary supplements, and the medical establishment concluding that his claims that vitamin C could prevent colds or treat cancer were quackery. Recently, a 2009 review suggested that Pauling's views on high dose vitamin C as an effective anticancer agent might have some merit, but only when it is administered intravenously, so as to achieve high enough plasma saturation levels.
/m/078tg	Sunni Islam is the largest branch of Islam; its adherents are referred to in Arabic as ahl as-sunnah wa l-jamāʻah, \"people of the tradition of Muhammad and the consensus of the Ummah\" or ahl as-sunnah for short. In English, they are known as Sunni Muslims, Sunnis, and Sunnites. Sunni Islam is the world's largest religious body and largest religious denomination for any religion in the world. Sunni Islam is sometimes referred to as the orthodox version of the religion. The word \"Sunni\" is believed to come from the term Sunnah, which refers to the sayings and actions of the prophet Muhammad as recorded in hadiths.\nThe primary collections consisting of Kutub al-Sittah accepted by Sunni orthodoxy, in conjunction with the Quran and binding consensus, form the basis of all jurisprudence within Sunni Islam. Laws are derived from these basic sources; in addition, Sunni Islam's juristic schools recognize differing methods to derive verdicts such as analogical reason, consideration of public welfare and juristic discretion.
/m/0gvsh7l	Homeland is an American political thriller television series developed by Howard Gordon and Alex Gansa based on the Israeli series Hatufim, which was created by Gideon Raff.\nThe series stars Claire Danes as Carrie Mathison, a Central Intelligence Agency officer with bipolar disorder, and Damian Lewis as Nicholas Brody, a United States Marine Corps Scout Sniper. Mathison has come to believe that Brody, who was held captive by al-Qaeda as a prisoner of war, was \"turned\" by the enemy and now threatens the United States.\nThe series is broadcast in the U.S. on the cable channel Showtime, and is produced by Fox 21. It premiered on October 2, 2011. The first episode was made available online, more than two weeks before television broadcast, with viewers having to complete game tasks to gain access. The series was renewed for a third season of 12 episodes, which premiered on September 29, 2013. On October 22, 2013, Showtime renewed Homeland for a fourth season to air in 2014.\nThe series has received critical acclaim, and has won several awards, including the 2012 Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Drama Series, and the 2011 and 2012 Golden Globe Award for Best Television Series – Drama, as well as the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series and Lead Actress in a Drama Series for Damian Lewis and Claire Danes, respectively.
/m/018ygt	Alexander Rae \"Alec\" Baldwin III is an American actor who has appeared on film, stage, and television. He is the eldest of the four Baldwin brothers, all well-known actors, and a member of the Baldwin family.\nBaldwin first gained recognition appearing on seasons six and seven of the CBS television drama Knots Landing, in the role of Joshua Rush. He has since played both leading and supporting roles in films such as Beetlejuice, The Hunt for Red October, The Marrying Man, The Shadow, The Aviator and The Departed. His performance in the 2003 film The Cooler garnered him an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor nomination.\nFrom 2006 to 2013, he starred as Jack Donaghy on the NBC sitcom 30 Rock, receiving critical acclaim for his performance and winning two Emmy Awards, three Golden Globe Awards, and seven Screen Actors Guild Awards for his work on the show, making him the male performer with the most SAG Awards.\nBaldwin is a columnist for The Huffington Post. He was host of MSNBC's Up Late with Alec Baldwin, which lasted for five episodes until he was fired on November 26, 2013.
/m/0mtdx	Hamilton County is a county located in the U.S. state of Tennessee. As of the 2010 census, the population was 336,463. Its county seat is Chattanooga. The county was named for Alexander Hamilton, the first Secretary of the Treasury.\nHamilton County is part of the Chattanooga, TN-GA Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/0370vy	The Seattle metropolitan area is located in the U.S. state of Washington and includes the city of Seattle, King County, Snohomish County, and Pierce County within the Puget Sound region. The United States Census Bureau officially defines the metropolitan area as the Seattle–Tacoma–Bellevue, WA Metropolitan Statistical Area, with an estimated population of 3,500,026, which is more than half of Washington's population as of 2012, making it the 15th largest Metropolitan Statistical Area in the United States.
/m/0jrny	Christopher D'Olier Reeve was an American actor, film director, producer, screenwriter, author and activist. He achieved stardom for his acting achievements, in particular his motion-picture portrayal of the DC comic book superhero, Superman.\nOn May 27, 1995, Reeve became a quadriplegic after being thrown from a horse during an equestrian competition in Culpeper, Virginia. He required a wheelchair and breathing apparatus for the rest of his life. He lobbied on behalf of people with spinal-cord injuries and for human embryonic stem cell research, founding the Christopher Reeve Foundation and co-founding the Reeve-Irvine Research Center.\nReeve married Dana Morosini in April 1992. Christopher and Dana's son, William Elliot Reeve, was born on June 7, 1992. Reeve also had two children, Matthew Exton Reeve and Alexandra Exton Reeve, from his previous relationship with his longtime girlfriend, Gae Exton.
/m/0k0sv	Croatian is the standardized variety of the Serbo-Croatian language used by Croats, principally in Croatia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, the Serbian province of Vojvodina and other neighbouring countries. It is the official and literary standard of Croatia and one of the official languages of the European Union. Croatian is also one of the official languages of Bosnia and Herzegovina and neighbouring countries.\nStandard Croatian is based on the most widespread dialect of Serbo-Croatian, Shtokavian, more specifically on Eastern Herzegovinian, which is also the basis of Standard Serbian, Bosnian, and Montenegrin. All other Serbo-Croatian dialects are also spoken by ethnic Croats. These four dialects, and the four national standards, are usually subsumed under the term \"Serbo-Croatian\" in English, though this term is controversial for native speakers, and paraphrases such as \"Bosnian-Croatian-Montenegrin-Serbian\" are therefore sometimes used instead, especially in diplomatic circles.\nIn the mid-18th the first attempts to provide a Croatian literary standard began on the basis of Neo-Shtokavian dialect which served as a supraregional lingua franca pushing back regional vernaculars in Chakavian, Kajkavian and Shtokavian. The decisive role was played by Croatian Vukovians which in the late 19th and the beginning of the 20th century cemented the usage of Ijekavian Neo-Shtokavian as a literary standard, as well as phonological orthography.
/m/0gl5_	Boston University is a private, nonsectarian research university located in Boston, Massachusetts.\nThe university has more than 3,800 faculty members and 33,000 students, and is one of Boston's largest employers. It offers bachelor's degrees, master's degrees, and doctorates, and medical, dental, business, and law degrees through eighteen schools and colleges on two urban campuses. The main campus is situated along the Charles River in Boston's Fenway-Kenmore and Allston neighborhoods, while the Boston University Medical Campus is in Boston's South End neighborhood. BU also operates 75 study abroad programs in over 33 cities in over twenty countries and has internship opportunities in ten different countries.\nBU is categorized as an RU/VH Research University in the Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education. In 2009–2010, BU had research expenditures of $407.8 million, or $553 million if the research led by the Medical School faculty at Boston Medical Center is included. BU is a member of the Boston Consortium for Higher Education and the Association of American Universities.
/m/016kz1	Flashdance is a 1983 American romantic drama film directed by Adrian Lyne. It was the first collaboration of producers Don Simpson and Jerry Bruckheimer and the presentation of some sequences in the style of music videos was an influence on other 1980s films, including Top Gun, Simpson and Bruckheimer's most famous production. Flashdance opened to negative reviews by professional critics, but was a surprise box office success, becoming the third highest grossing film of 1983 in the U.S. It had a worldwide box-office gross of more than $100 million. Its soundtrack spawned several hit songs, among them \"Maniac\" performed by Michael Sembello and the Academy Award–winning \"Flashdance... What a Feeling\", performed by Irene Cara, which was written for the film.
/m/01pr6n	Scunthorpe is a town in North Lincolnshire, England. It is the administrative centre of the North Lincolnshire unitary authority, and had an estimated total resident population of 72,514 people in 2010. A predominantly industrial town, Scunthorpe, the United Kingdom's largest steel processing centre, is also known as the \"Industrial Garden Town\". It is the third largest settlement in Lincolnshire after Grimsby and Lincoln. The Member of Parliament for Scunthorpe is Nic Dakin.
/m/03jsvl	Roots rock is rock music that looks back to rock's origins in folk, blues and country music. It is particularly associated with the creation of hybrid sub-genres from the later 1960s including country rock and Southern rock, which have been seen as responses to the perceived excesses of dominant psychedelic and developing progressive rock. Because roots music is often used to mean folk and world musical forms, roots rock is sometimes used in a broad sense to describe any rock music that incorporates elements of this music. In the 1980s roots rock enjoyed a revival in response to trends in punk rock, New Wave and heavy metal music.
/m/08z956	A radio personality is a person who appears in an on-air position in radio broadcasting. A radio personality can be someone who introduces and discusses various genres of music, hosts a talk radio show that may take calls from listeners, or someone whose primary responsibility is to give news, weather, sports, or traffic information. The radio personality may broadcast live or use voice-tracking techniques.\nA radio host is the host of a radio show.
/m/02r79_h	The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus is a 2009 fantasy film directed by Terry Gilliam and written by Gilliam and Charles McKeown. The film follows a travelling theatre troupe whose leader, having made a bet with the Devil, takes audience members through a magical mirror to explore their imaginations and present them with a choice between self-fulfilling enlightenment or gratifying ignorance.\nHeath Ledger, Christopher Plummer, Andrew Garfield, Lily Cole, and Tom Waits star in the film, though Ledger's death one-third of the way through filming caused production to be temporarily suspended. Ledger's role was recast with Johnny Depp, Jude Law, and Colin Farrell portraying transformations of Ledger's character as he travels through a dream world.\nThe film made its world premiere during the 62nd Cannes Film Festival, out of competition. The film, which was budgeted at $30 million, grossed more than $60 million in its worldwide theatrical release.\nThe Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus was nominated for two Academy Awards in the categories Best Art Direction and Best Costume Design.
/m/0d5wn3	Norman Stuart Craig OBE is a noted British production designer.\nHe has also designed the sets, together with his frequent collaborator set decorator Stephenie McMillan, on all of the Harry Potter films to date. At Potter author J. K. Rowling's request, he worked with Universal Creative team to design the Wizarding World of Harry Potter at Universal's Islands of Adventure theme park. Rowling said in a December 2007 interview on the Potter podcast PotterCast, \"The key thing for me was that, if there was to be a theme park, that Stuart Craig … would be involved. … More than involved, that he would pretty much design it. Because I love the look of the films; they really mirror what’s been in my imagination for all these years\".\nHe has been nominated for an Academy Award ten times, and has won three times: in 1982 for Gandhi, in 1988 for Dangerous Liaisons, and in 1996 for The English Patient. He has been nominated for a BAFTA award fourteen times, including for first six and last Potter film, and has won twice: in 1980 for The Elephant Man and in 2005 for Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire.\nStuart Craig has been nominated for a BAFTA Award for consecutive six films in a row, viz. for consecutive first six Harry Potter films.
/m/01k_yf	Modest Mouse is an American indie rock band formed in 1993 in Issaquah, Washington, by singer/guitarist Isaac Brock, drummer Jeremiah Green, and bassist Eric Judy. Since their 1996 debut album, This Is a Long Drive for Someone with Nothing to Think About, their lineup has centered around Brock, Green, and Judy. Guitarist Johnny Marr joined the band in May 2006, along with percussionist Joe Plummer and multi-instrumentalist Tom Peloso, to work on the album We Were Dead Before the Ship Even Sank. Guitarist Jim Fairchild joined the band in February 2009. Their name is derived from a passage from the Virginia Woolf story \"The Mark on the Wall\" which reads, \"I wish I could hit upon a pleasant track of thought, a track indirectly reflecting credit upon myself, for those are the pleasantest thoughts, and very frequent even in the minds of modest, mouse-coloured people, who believe genuinely that they dislike to hear their own praises.\"
/m/03c74_8	The 1909 Major League Baseball season. The Pittsburgh Pirates defeated the Detroit Tigers 4–3 to win the World Series.
/m/02qvzf	In ice hockey, the goaltender, also known colloquially as the goalie, is the player who defends their team's goal net by stopping shots of the puck from entering their team's net, thus preventing the opposing team from scoring. The goalie usually plays in or near the area in front of the net called the goal crease. Goalies tend to stay at or beyond the top of the crease to cut down on the angle of shots. Because of the power of shots, the goaltender wears special equipment designed to protect the body from direct impact. The goalie is one of the most valuable players on the ice, as their performance can greatly change the outcome or score of the game. Only one goalie is allowed to be on the ice for each team at any given time.
/m/01gq0b	Claire Catherine Danes is an American actress. She has appeared as Angela Chase in My So-Called Life, as Juliet in Baz Luhrmann's Romeo + Juliet, as Cosette in Les Misérables, as Yvaine in Stardust, and as Temple Grandin in the HBO television film Temple Grandin. She currently stars as Carrie Mathison in the Showtime series Homeland. For her work, she has been awarded three Emmy Awards and four Golden Globe Awards.
/m/0fvwg	Annapolis is the capital of the U.S. state of Maryland, as well as the county seat of Anne Arundel County. Situated on the Chesapeake Bay at the mouth of the Severn River, 25 miles south of Baltimore and about 30 miles east of Washington, D.C, Annapolis is part of the Baltimore–Washington metropolitan area. Its population was measured at 38,394 by the 2010 census.\nThe city served as the temporary capital of the United States in 1783–1784 and was the site of the Annapolis Peace Conference, held in November 2007, at the United States Naval Academy. Annapolis is the home of St. John's College.
/m/0bwd5	A business school is a university-level institution that confers degrees in business administration or management. Such a school can also be known as a business college, college of business, college of business administration, school of business, school of business administration, or, colloquially, b-school. A business school teaches topics such as accounting, administration, strategy, economics, entrepreneurship, finance, human resource management, information systems, marketing, organizational behavior, public relations, and quantitative methods.
/m/0sqc8	Lafayette is a city in and the county seat of Tippecanoe County, Indiana, United States, located 63 miles northwest of Indianapolis and 108 miles southeast of Chicago. West Lafayette, on the other side of the Wabash River, is home to Purdue University, which contributes significantly to both communities. Together, Lafayette and West Lafayette form the core of the Lafayette, Indiana Metropolitan Statistical Area.\nAccording to the 2010 United States Census, the population of Lafayette was 67,140, roughly a 19% increase from 56,397 in 2000. Meanwhile the 2010 U.S. Census pegged the year-round population of West Lafayette at 29,596 and a Tippecanoe County population of 172,780.
/m/07lwsz	Howard Gordon is an American television writer and producer.\nHe is well known for his work on the Fox action series 24 and the Showtime thriller Homeland, which he co-developed with Alex Gansa and Gideon Raff. He also produced the critically acclaimed but short lived NBC science fiction thriller Awake.
/m/01w2lw	Hartlepool is a town on the North Sea coast of North East England, located about 7.62 miles north of Middlesbrough, and 16.98 miles south of Sunderland. Historically a part of County Durham and later Cleveland, the town is now its own unitary authority: the Borough of Hartlepool, which is inclusive of outlying suburban villages including Seaton Carew, Greatham and Elwick. Ceremonially the town remains a part of County Durham, however has strong cultural and economic links to the Teesside or Tees Valley area, with which it shares a number of provisions including the TS postcode, Cleveland Fire Brigade, and Cleveland Police.\nIt was founded in the 7th century AD, around the Northumbrian monastery of Hartlepool Abbey. The village grew during the Middle Ages and developed a harbour which served as the official port of the County Palatine of Durham. A railway link from the north was established from the South Durham coal fields to the historic town. An additional link from the south, in 1835, together with a new port, resulted in further expansion, with the establishing of the new town of West Hartlepool. Industrialisation and the establishing of a shipbuilding industry during the later part of the 19th century caused Hartlepool to be a target for the German Navy at the beginning of the First World War. A bombardment of 1150 shells on 16 December 1914 resulted in the death of 117 people. A severe decline in heavy industries and shipbuilding following the Second World War caused periods of high unemployment until the 1990s when major investment projects and the redevelopment of the docks area into a marina have seen a rise in the town's prospects.
/m/02bwjv	Alyson Rae Stoner is an American actress, dancer and singer. Stoner is known for her roles as Max in The Suite Life of Zack & Cody, Sarah Baker in Cheaper by the Dozen and Cheaper by the Dozen 2, Camille Cage in Step Up and Step Up 3, Caitlyn Gellar in Camp Rock and Camp Rock 2: The Final Jam. She has been a background dancer for several artists, such as Missy Elliott, Eminem, Outkast and Will Smith. She is also known as Sally from Mike's Super Short Show that ran from 2002–2007, and the voice of Isabella Garcia-Shapiro in Phineas and Ferb.
/m/04qzm	Limp Bizkit is an American nu metal band. Their lineup consists of Fred Durst, Wes Borland, Sam Rivers and John Otto. Their work is marked by Durst's abrasive, angry lyrics and Borland's sonic experimentation and elaborate visual appearance, which includes face and body paint, masks and uniforms, as well as the band's elaborate live shows. The band has been nominated for three Grammy Awards and have sold 40 million records worldwide.\nFormed in 1994, Limp Bizkit became popular playing in the Jacksonville, Florida underground music scene in the late 1990s, and signed with Flip Records, a subsidiary of Interscope, which released their début album, Three Dollar Bill, Yall. The band achieved mainstream success with their second and third studio albums, Significant Other and Chocolate Starfish and the Hot Dog Flavored Water, although this success was marred by a series of controversies surrounding their performances at Woodstock '99 and the 2001 Big Day Out festival.\nBorland left the group in 2001, but Durst, Rivers, Otto and Lethal continued to record and tour with guitarist Mike Smith. Following the release of their album, Results May Vary, Borland rejoined the band and recorded The Unquestionable Truth with Durst, Rivers, Lethal and drummer Sammy Siegler before entering a hiatus. In 2009, the band reunited with Borland playing guitar and began touring, culminating with the recording of the album Gold Cobra, after which they left Interscope and later signed with Cash Money Records, but DJ Lethal was asked to leave the band soon after. They are currently recording their seventh studio album, Stampede of the Disco Elephants.
/m/0xt3t	Summit is a city in Union County, New Jersey, United States. At the 2010 United States Census, the city's population was 21,457, reflecting an increase of 326 from the 21,131 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn increased by 1,374 from the 19,757 counted in the 1990 Census. Summit had the 16th-highest per capita income in the state as of the 2000 Census.\nWhat is now the city of Summit was originally incorporated as Summit Township by an Act of the New Jersey Legislature on March 23, 1869, from portions of New Providence Township and Springfield Township. Summit was reincorporated as a city on March 8, 1899.\nThe town's name may refer to its position atop the Second Watchung Mountain; it may also refer to Summit Lodge, the house to which jurist James Kent moved in 1837 and which stands today at 50 Kent Place Boulevard; or to a local sawmill owner who granted passage to the Morris and Essex Railroad for a route to \"the summit of the Short Hills\".
/m/0880p	Yiddish is a High German language of Ashkenazi Jews, and it is written in the Hebrew alphabet. Western Yiddish originated in their culture, which emerged in the 9th century in Central Europe. Many centuries later, Western Yiddish spread to Eastern Europe, where it further developed as Eastern Yiddish, and eventually to other continents. Western Yiddish arose around 1000 AD from Old High German most likely around either Speyer and Worms on the Rhine or Regensburg on the Danube. Before 1500, it separated from German. Western Yiddish developed by adding a Hebrew and Aramaic component and Romance words to various and more dominant Old High German dialects, and mixing them together.\nIn the earliest surviving references dating from the 12th century, the language is called לשון־אַשכּנז and טײַטש. In common usage, the language is called מאַמע־לשון, distinguishing it from Hebrew and Aramaic, which are collectively termed לשון־קודש. The term \"Yiddish\" did not become the most frequently used designation in the literature of the language until the 18th century. In the late 19th and into the 20th century the language was more commonly called \"Jewish\", especially in non-Jewish contexts, but now \"Yiddish\" is again the more common designation.
/m/017s11	Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. is an American film production and distribution studio, that is part of the Columbia TriStar Motion Picture Group, owned by Sony Pictures Entertainment, a subsidiary of Sony Entertainment, a subsidiary of the Japanese conglomerate Sony. It is one of the leading film studios in the world, a member of the so-called Big Six. It was one of the so-called Little Three among the eight major film studios of Hollywood's Golden Age.\nThe studio, founded in 1918 as Cohn-Brandt-Cohn Film Sales by brothers Jack and Harry Cohn and Joe Brandt, released its first feature film in August 1922. It adopted the Columbia Pictures name in 1924 and went public two years later. The name is derived from \"Columbia\", a national personification of the United States, which is used as the company's logo.\nIn its early years a minor player in Hollywood, Columbia began to grow in the late 1920s, spurred by a successful association with director Frank Capra.\nWith Capra and others, Columbia became one of the primary homes of the screwball comedy. In the 1930s, Columbia's major contract stars were Jean Arthur and Cary Grant. In the 1940s, Rita Hayworth became the studio's premier star and propelled their fortunes into the late 1950s. Rosalind Russell, Glenn Ford, and William Holden also became major stars at the studio.
/m/053f5	Mountaineering or mountain climbing is the sport, hobby or profession of hiking, skiing, and climbing mountains. While mountaineering began as attempts to reach the highest point of unclimbed big mountains it has branched into specializations that address different aspects of the mountain and consists of three areas: rock-craft, snow-craft and skiing, depending on whether the route chosen is over rock, snow or ice. All require experience, athletic ability, and technical knowledge to maintain safety.\nMountaineering is often called Alpinism, especially in European languages, which implies climbing with difficulty such high mountains as the Alps. A mountaineer with such great skill is called an Alpinist. The word alpinism was born in the 19th century to refer to climbing for the purpose of enjoying climbing itself as a sport or recreation, distinct from merely climbing while hunting or as a religious pilgrimage that had been done generally at that time.\nThe UIAA or Union Internationale des Associations d'Alpinisme is the world governing body in mountaineering and climbing, addressing issues like access, medical, mountain protection, safety, youth and ice climbing.
/m/0fvwz	Jefferson City is the capital of the U.S. state of Missouri and the county seat of Cole County. A small portion of the city extends into Callaway County. It is the principal city of the Jefferson City metropolitan area, which encompasses the entirety of both counties. As of the 2010 census, the population was 43,079 making it the 15th largest city in Missouri. Jefferson City was named after Thomas Jefferson, the third president of the United States.\nIn 2013, Jefferson City was named America's \"Most Beautiful\" Small Town by Rand McNally.\nJefferson City is on the northern edge of the Ozark Plateau on the southern side of the Missouri River near the geographic center of the state, in a region known as Mid-Missouri. It is at the western edge of the Missouri Rhineland, one of the major wine-producing regions of the Midwest. The city is dominated by the domed Capitol that rises from a bluff overlooking the Missouri River to the north. Lewis and Clark passed beneath that bluff on their historic expedition upriver before Europeans established any settlement there.
/m/0ql7q	The Second Crusade was the second major crusade launched from Europe. The Second Crusade was started in response to the fall of the County of Edessa the previous year to the forces of Zengi. The county had been founded during the First Crusade by Baldwin of Boulogne in 1098. While it was the first Crusader state to be founded, it was also the first to fall.\nThe Second Crusade was announced by Pope Eugene III, and was the first of the crusades to be led by European kings, namely Louis VII of France and Conrad III of Germany, with help from a number of other European nobles. The armies of the two kings marched separately across Europe. After crossing Byzantine territory into Anatolia, both armies were separately defeated by the Seljuq Turks. The main Western Christian source, Odo of Deuil, and Syriac Christian sources claim that the Byzantine emperor Manuel I Comnenus secretly hindered the crusaders' progress, particularly in Anatolia where he is alleged to have deliberately ordered Turks to attack them. Louis and Conrad and the remnants of their armies reached Jerusalem and, in 1148, participated in an ill-advised attack on Damascus. The crusade in the east was a failure for the crusaders and a great victory for the Muslims. It would ultimately have a key influence on the fall of Jerusalem and give rise to the Third Crusade at the end of the 12th century.
/m/015fsv	Eastern Michigan University is a comprehensive, co-educational public university located in Ypsilanti, Michigan. Ypsilanti is 35 miles west of Detroit and eight miles east of Ann Arbor. The university was founded in 1849 as Michigan State Normal School. Today, the university is governed by an eight-member Board of Regents, who are appointed by the Governor of Michigan for eight-year terms. The school belongs to the Mid-American Conference and was re-accredited by the North Central Association in 2001. Since 1991 EMU athletics has gone by the name \"Eagles\". Then in 1994, \"Swoop\" was officially adopted by the university as the school's mascot. Currently, EMU comprises seven colleges and schools: Arts & Sciences, Business, Education, Health & Human Services, Technology, an Honors College, and a Graduate School. The university's site is composed of an academic and athletic campus spread across 800 acres, with over 120 buildings. EMU has a total enrollment of more than 23,000 students.
/m/0k9ts	Delta Air Lines, Inc., operating as Delta Air Lines, is a major American airline, headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia. The airline operates an extensive domestic and international network serving six continents. Delta Air Lines and its subsidiaries operate over 5,000 flights every day and have approximately 80,000 employees. The airline's hub at Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport is the world's busiest airport by passenger traffic and number of landings and takeoffs; it is also home to Delta's Technical Operations Center. Delta is the sixth-oldest operating airline by foundation date, and the oldest airline still operating in the United States. Delta Air Lines is one of the four founding members of the SkyTeam airline alliance, the other three being Korean Air, Air France, and Aeroméxico. The loyalty program for Delta Air Lines is SkyMiles. Delta Air Lines was the world's largest airline in terms of fleet size in 2011 and scheduled passenger traffic in 2012, and the second-largest in terms of revenue passenger-kilometers flown in 2012. Regional service for the airline is served by Delta Connection.
/m/01flv_	Catch Me If You Can is a 2002 American biographical crime drama film based on the life of Frank Abagnale, who, before his 19th birthday, successfully performed cons worth millions of dollars by posing as a Pan American World Airways pilot, a Georgia doctor, and a Louisiana parish prosecutor. His primary crime was check fraud; he became so skillful that the FBI eventually turned to him for help in catching other check forgers. The film was directed by Steven Spielberg and stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Hanks, with Christopher Walken, Amy Adams, Martin Sheen, and Nathalie Baye in supporting roles.\nDevelopment for the film started in 1980 but did not progress until 1997 when the film rights to Abagnale's book were purchased by Spielberg's DreamWorks. David Fincher, Gore Verbinski, Lasse Hallström, Miloš Forman and Cameron Crowe had all been possible candidates for director before Spielberg decided to direct. Filming took place from February to May 2002. The film was a financial and critical success, and the real Abagnale reacted positively to it.
/m/07k2d	The New York Times is an American daily newspaper, founded and continuously published in New York City since September 18, 1851. It has won 112 Pulitzer Prizes, more than any other news organization. Its website is one of America's most popular news sites, and the most popular among all the nation's newspapers, receiving more than 30 million unique visitors per month as reported in January 2011.\nThe paper's print version remains the largest local metropolitan newspaper in the United States and third-largest newspaper overall, behind The Wall Street Journal and USA Today. Following industry trends, its weekday circulation has fallen to fewer than one million daily since 1990. Nicknamed The Gray Lady, The Times is long regarded within the industry as a national \"newspaper of record\". It is owned by The New York Times Company. The company's chairman is Arthur Ochs Sulzberger Jr., whose family has controlled the paper since 1896. Its international version, formerly the International Herald Tribune, is now called the International New York Times.\nThe paper's motto, \"All the News That's Fit to Print\", appears in the upper left-hand corner of the front page. Its website has adapted it to \"All the News That's Fit to Click\". It is organized into sections: News, Opinions, Business, Arts, Science, Sports, Style, Home, and Features. The New York Times stayed with the eight-column format for several years after most papers switched to six, and was one of the last newspapers to adopt color photography.
/m/07_l61	Fußball Club Erzgebirge Aue e.V., commonly known as simply FC Erzgebirge Aue or Erzgebirge Aue, is a German football club based in Aue, Saxony. The former East German side was a charter member of the 3. Liga in 2008–09, after being relegated from the 2. Bundesliga in 2007–08. The city of Aue has a population of about 18,000 making it one of the smallest cities to ever host a club playing at the second highest level of German football. However, the team attracts supporters from a larger urban area that includes Chemnitz and Zwickau, whose own football sides are among Aue's traditional rivals.
/m/01rww3	K Records is an independent record label in Olympia, Washington, co-founded, owned, and operated by Calvin Johnson, formerly of the bands Cool Rays, Beat Happening, The Go Team, The Halo Benders and presently in the bands Dub Narcotic Sound System and The Hive Dwellers. Inspired by Sun, SST, Rough Trade, Flying Nun Records, CJ Records, Bomp!, Dischord, and many others, Johnson started the label originally with the simple intention of making his friends' music available to the world, but over time its reputation grew.\nThe K motto is \"exploding the teenage underground into passionate revolt against the corporate ogre since 1982.\" The label has been so influential in anti-corporate independent music and underground DIY punk culture, particularly in the Olympia music scene, that it was the subject of a documentary directed by Heather Rose Dominic entitled The Shield Around the K, with a tagline of \"Do It Yourself\". Mariella Luz, a long standing employee is currently the general manager.\nThe \"K\" originally stood for \"knowledge\"
/m/03rwz3	Sony Pictures Entertainment Inc. is the American television and film production and distribution unit of Japanese multinational technology and media conglomerate Sony. It is based in Culver City, California and serves as Sony's main global film production and distribution company. Its group sales in the fiscal year 2011 ended March 31, 2012 has been reported to be of $8.021 billion.\nThroughout the years, SPE has produced, distributed, or co-distributed successful franchises such as Spider-Man, Men in Black, Underworld, and Resident Evil.\nSony Pictures Entertainment is a member of the Motion Picture Association of America.
/m/04991x	Football Club des Girondins de Bordeaux is a French association football club based in the city of Bordeaux. The club currently play in Ligue 1, the first division of French football, and won its last Ligue 1 title in the 2008–09 season.\nBordeaux was founded in 1881 as a multi-sports club and is one of the most successful football clubs in France. The club has won six Ligue 1 titles, which is the joint fourth-most in its history. Bordeaux have also won four Coupe de France titles, three Coupe de la Ligue titles, and three Trophée des champions. The club has the honour of having appeared in the most finals in the Coupe de la Ligue, having appeared in six of the 16 finals contested. Bordeaux plays its home games at the Stade Chaban Delmas, named after the former mayor of Bordeaux, Jacques Chaban-Delmas. The facility was previously known as the Parc Lescure and seats 34,362. The club is currently in negotiations to build a new stadium, which will seat 42,000. The city of Bordeaux is listed as a site for UEFA Euro 2016 in the French bid to host.
/m/05ll37	In sports broadcasting, a sports commentator gives a running commentary of a game or event in real time, usually during a live broadcast. The comments are normally a voiceover, with the sounds of the action and spectators also heard in the background. In the case of television commentary, the commentators are on screen rarely if at all during the event.
/m/08gd_r	Dame is the female equivalent of the honour of knighthood in the British honours system.. It is the equivalent form of address to \"Sir\" for knights. A woman appointed to the grades of Dame Commander or Dame Grand Cross of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, the Most Distinguished Order of Saint Michael and Saint George, the Royal Victorian Order, or the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire becomes a dame. Because there is no female equivalent to a Knight Bachelor, women are always appointed to an order of chivalry. Women who are appointed to the Most Noble Order of the Garter or the Most Ancient and Most Noble Order of the Thistle are not given the title of \"Dame\" but \"Lady\".\nThe youngest person to be appointed a dame was Ellen MacArthur, at the age of 28. The oldest was Gwen Ffrangcon-Davies when aged 100.\nA number of high-profile figures, such as actress Vanessa Redgrave, have declined the honour; see a List of people who have declined a British honour.\nFormerly, a knight's wife was given the title of \"Dame\" before her name, but this usage was replaced by \"Lady\" during the 17th century.
/m/060wq	Pueblo is a Home Rule Municipality that is the county seat and the most populous city of Pueblo County, Colorado, United States. The population was 106,595 in 2010 census, making it the 246th most populous city in the United States.\nPueblo is situated at the confluence of the Arkansas River and Fountain Creek 112 miles south of the Colorado State Capitol in Denver, and 43 miles south of Colorado Springs. The area is considered to be semi-arid desert land, with approximately 12 inches of precipitation annually. With its location in the \"banana belt\", Pueblo tends to get less snow than the other major cities in Colorado. Pueblo is the heart of the Pueblo Metropolitan Statistical Area and an important part of the Front Range Urban Corridor. Pueblo is one of the largest steel-producing cities in the United States; because of this Pueblo is referred to as the \"Steel City\". The Historic Arkansas River Project is a river walk in the Union Avenue Historic Commercial District, and shows the history of the Pueblo Flood.\nPueblo has the least expensive residential real estate of any city in Colorado. The median home price for homes currently on the market in Pueblo is $147,851.
/m/0kbf1	The Song of Bernadette is a 1943 drama film which tells the story of Saint Bernadette Soubirous, who from February to July 1858 in Lourdes, France, reported eighteen visions of the Blessed Virgin Mary. It was directed by Henry King.\nThe film was adapted by George Seaton from a novelization of Bernadette's story, written by Franz Werfel. The novel was published in 1941 and was extremely popular, spending more than a year on the New York Times Best Seller list and thirteen weeks heading the list.
/m/0xn6	The Arabic alphabet or Arabic abjad is the Arabic script as it is codified for writing the Arabic language. It is written from right to left, in a cursive style, and includes 28 letters. Because letters usually stand for consonants, it is classified as an abjad.
/m/01kgxf	Paul William Walker IV was an American actor, model and philanthropist. Walker began his early career guest-starring in several television shows such as The Young and the Restless and Touched By An Angel. He would then gain prominence with breakout roles in coming-of-age and teen films such as She's All That and Varsity Blues. In 2001, Walker gained international fame for playing Brian O'Conner, one of the lead protagonists in the street racing action film The Fast and the Furious, and would reprise the role in its additional sequels. He also branched out in various films such as Eight Below, Into the Blue, Joy Ride and Takers.\nOutside of acting, Walker was the face of The Coty Prestige fragrance brand Davidoff Cool Water for Men and starred in the National Geographic Channel series, Expedition Great White. He also founded his own charity, Reach Out Worldwide, an organization providing relief efforts for areas affected by natural disasters.\nWalker died in a single car-accident on November 30, 2013 alongside friend Roger Rodas. His film Hours was released posthumously and his signature character, Brian O'Conner, will be retired in his final film Fast & Furious 7, which is slated to be released April 10, 2015.
/m/04ls81	The Notre Dame Fighting Irish football team is the intercollegiate football team of the University of Notre Dame. The team is currently coached by Brian Kelly and play home games at the campus' Notre Dame Stadium, with a capacity of 80,795. Notre Dame competes as an Independent at the NCAA Football Bowl Subdivision level and is a founding member of the Bowl Championship Series coalition. The Fighting Irish hold the highest winning percentage among college football programs and have 13 national championships recognized by the NCAA, tied for first out of all FBS schools in the post-1900 era. A record seven Notre Dame players have won the Heisman trophy and the program has produced an NCAA record 96 consensus All-Americans and 32 unanimous All-Americans, more than any other university. As of the 2013 NFL Draft, Notre Dame has produced and have had drafted the most NFL players of all-time.\nAll Notre Dame home games are televised on Notre Dame Football on NBC. Notre Dame is the only individual school to have its own national television contract, declined a subsequent invitation by the Big Ten to join the conference, and is the only independent program to be part of the BCS coalition and its guaranteed payout. These factors help make Notre Dame one of the most financially valuable football programs in the country.
/m/03kwtb	David Allan \"Dave\" Stewart is an English musician, songwriter and record producer, best known for his work with Eurythmics. He is usually credited as David A. Stewart, to avoid confusion with other musicians named \"Dave Stewart\". He won Best British Producer at the 1986, 1987 and 1990 Brit Awards.
/m/0lvng	Leiden University, located in the city of Leiden, is the oldest university in the Netherlands. The university was founded in 1575 by William, Prince of Orange, leader of the Dutch Revolt in the Eighty Years' War. The Dutch Royal Family and Leiden University still have a close relationship; Queens Juliana and Beatrix and King Willem-Alexander are all former students.\nLeiden University has six faculties, over 50 departments and enjoys an outstanding international reputation. In 2013 Leiden was the highest ranked university in the Netherlands in the Times Higher Education World University Rankings, where it was rated as the 64th best university worldwide and 61st for international reputation. Shanghai Jiao Tong University's 2011 Academic Ranking of World Universities ranked Leiden University as the 65th best university worldwide. The Times Higher Education World University Rankings consistently rank Leiden University as the best university in Continental Europe for Arts and Humanities. The University is associated with ten leaders and Prime Ministers of the Netherlands including the current Prime Minister Mark Rutte, nine foreign leaders, among them the 6th President of the United States John Quincy Adams, two Secretary Generals of NATO, a President of the International Court of Justice and sixteen recipients of the Nobel Prize. The university came into particular prominence during the Dutch Golden Age, when scholars from around Europe were attracted to the Dutch Republic due to its climate of intellectual tolerance and Leiden's international reputation. During this time Leiden was home to such figures as René Descartes, Rembrandt, Hugo Grotius, Baruch Spinoza and Baron d'Holbach. The university is a member of the Coimbra Group, the Europaeum and the League of European Research Universities.
/m/0l14wj	A contralto is a type of classical female singing voice whose vocal range is the lowest female voice type, with the lowest tessitura. The contralto's vocal range falls between tenor and mezzo-soprano; typically between the F below middle C to the second F above middle C, although at the extremes some voices can reach the E below middle C or the second B♭ above middle C.
/m/04vn5	The Miami Dolphins are a professional American football team based in the Miami metropolitan area. The team is part of the AFC East, or American Football Conference's East Division, in the National Football League. The Dolphins play their home games at Sun Life Stadium in the northern suburb of Miami Gardens, and have their headquarters in Davie, Florida. The Dolphins and the Atlanta Falcons are the oldest NFL franchises in the Deep South, and Miami is the oldest AFC team in that region.\nThe Dolphins team was founded by attorney/politician Joe Robbie and actor/comedian Danny Thomas. They began play in the American Football League in 1966. The region had not had a professional football team since the days of the Miami Seahawks, who played in the All-America Football Conference in 1946 before becoming the first incarnation of the Baltimore Colts. For the first few years the Dolphins full-time training camp and practice facilities were at Saint Andrew's School, a private boys boarding prep school in Boca Raton. In 1970 the Dolphins joined the NFL when the AFL–NFL merger occurred.\nThe team made its first Super Bowl appearance in Super Bowl VI, but lost to the Dallas Cowboys 24–3. In 1972, the Dolphins completed the NFL's only perfect season culminating in a Super Bowl win, winning all 14 of its regular-season games, both of its NFL playoff games, and also Super Bowl VII. The Dolphins thus became the first NFL team to accomplish a perfect regular season. The Dolphins also won Super Bowl VIII, becoming the first team to appear in three consecutive Super Bowls, and the second team to win back-to-back championships. Miami also appeared in Super Bowl XVII and Super Bowl XIX, losing both games.
/m/02cqbx	Edith Head was an American costume designer who won eight Academy Awards, starting with The Heiress and ending with The Sting. This is still a record in its category.\nBorn and raised in California, Head managed to get a job as a costume sketch artist at Paramount Pictures, without any relevant training. She first acquired notability for Dorothy Lamour’s trademark sarong dress, and then became a household name after the Academy Awards created a new category of Costume Designer in 1948. Head was considered exceptional for her close working relationships with her subjects, with whom she consulted extensively, and these included virtually every top female star in Hollywood.\nAfter 43 years she left Paramount for Universal, possibly because of her successful partnership with Hitchcock, and also adapted her skills for television.
/m/0232lm	Andrew Fetterly Wilkes-Krier, better known by his stagename Andrew W.K., is an American singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, entertainer, motivational speaker, and music producer. He was the host of the television series Destroy Build Destroy.\nAs a musician, he is known for his singles \"Party Hard\" and We Want Fun.
/m/017s1k	Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis – also referred to as motor neurone disease in most Commonwealth countries, and as Lou Gehrig's disease in the United States – is a debilitating disease with varied etiology characterized by rapidly progressive weakness, muscle atrophy and fasciculations, muscle spasticity, difficulty speaking, difficulty swallowing, and difficulty breathing. ALS is the most common of the five motor neuron diseases.
/m/0hmtk	The New York Rangers are a professional ice hockey team based in the borough of Manhattan in New York City. They are members of the Metropolitan Division of the Eastern Conference of the National Hockey League. Playing their home games at Madison Square Garden, the Rangers are one of the oldest teams in the NHL, having joined in 1926 as an expansion franchise. They are part of the group of teams referred to as the Original Six, along with the Boston Bruins, Chicago Blackhawks, Detroit Red Wings, Montreal Canadiens, and Toronto Maple Leafs. The Rangers were the first NHL franchise in the United States to win the Stanley Cup, which they have done four times, most recently in 1993–94.
/m/031ns1	The Royal Conservatoire of Scotland is a conservatoire of music, drama, and dance in the centre of Glasgow, Scotland. Founded in 1845 as the Glasgow Educational Association, it is the busiest performing arts venue in Scotland. The current Principal is Professor John Wallace, CBE, a trumpet player, the President is Sir Cameron Mackintosh, and the Patron is HRH The Duke of Rothesay.
/m/02f8lw	Alexandra Elizabeth \"Ally\" Sheedy is an American film and stage actress, as well as the author of two books. Following her film debut in 1983's Bad Boys, she became known as one of the Brat Pack group of actors in the films The Breakfast Club and St. Elmo's Fire. She is also known for her roles in WarGames, Short Circuit and High Art, for which she received critical acclaim.
/m/0ql76	The First Crusade started as a widespread pilgrimage and ended as a military expedition by Roman Catholic Europe to regain the Holy Lands taken in the Muslim conquests of the Levant, ultimately resulting in the recapture of Jerusalem in 1099. It was launched on 27 November 1095 by Pope Urban II with the primary goal of responding to an appeal from Byzantine Emperor Alexios I Komnenos, who requested that western volunteers come to his aid and help to repel the invading Seljuq Turks from Anatolia. An additional goal soon became the principal objective—the Christian reconquest of the sacred city of Jerusalem and the Holy Land and the freeing of the Eastern Christians from Muslim rule.\nDuring the crusade, knights and peasants from many nations of Western Europe travelled over land and by sea, first to Constantinople and then on towards Jerusalem. The Crusaders arrived at Jerusalem, launched an assault on the city, and captured it in July 1099, massacring many of the city's Muslim, Christian, and Jewish inhabitants. They also established the crusader states of the Kingdom of Jerusalem, the County of Tripoli, the Principality of Antioch, and the County of Edessa.
/m/0xy28	Auburn is a city in Cayuga County, New York, United States, located at the north end of Owasco Lake, one of the Finger Lakes, in Central New York. As of the 2010 census, the city had a population of 27,687. It is the county seat of Cayuga County, and the site of the maximum-security Auburn Correctional Facility, as well as the William H. Seward House Museum and the house of abolitionist Harriet Tubman.
/m/0212zp	Waseda University, abbreviated as Sōdai, is a private university mainly located in Shinjuku, Tokyo, Japan. As the second private university to be founded in Japan, Waseda University is considered to be one of Japan's most prestigious universities, consistently ranking amongst the top universities in Japanese university rankings. The University has many notable alumni in Japan, with seven Prime Ministers of Japan and many CEOs, including Tadashi Yanai, the CEO of UNIQLO and wealthiest man in Japan.\nEstablished in 1882 as the Tōkyō Senmon Gakkō by Ōkuma Shigenobu, the school was renamed Waseda University in 1902 after the founder's hometown village. The university consists of 13 undergraduate schools and 23 graduate schools, and is one of the 13 universities in the Japanese Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology's \"Global 30\" Project.
/m/08809	Ypsilanti, commonly shortened to Ypsi, is a city in Washtenaw County in the U.S. state of Michigan, perhaps best known as the home of Eastern Michigan University. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 19,435. The city is bounded to the north by the Charter Township of Superior and on the west, south, and east by the Charter Township of Ypsilanti. Ypsilanti is located six miles east of Ann Arbor.\nThe geographic grid center of Ypsilanti is the intersection of the Huron River and Michigan Avenue, the latter of which connects downtown Detroit, Michigan with Chicago, Illinois, and through Ypsilanti is partially concurrent with U.S. Route 12 Business and M-17.\nOn July 23, 2007 Governor Jennifer Granholm announced that Ypsilanti, along with the cities of Caro and Clio, was chosen by the Michigan State Housing Development Authority to take part in the Blueprints for Michigan's Downtowns program. The award provides for an economic development consultant to assist Ypsilanti in developing a growth and job creation strategy for the downtown area.
/m/09glw	The Himalayas, or Himalaya, is a mountain range in Asia separating the plains of the Indian subcontinent from the Tibetan Plateau.\nThe Himalayan range is home to the planet's highest peaks, including the highest, Mount Everest. The Himalayas include over a hundred mountains exceeding 7,200 metres in elevation. By contrast, the highest peak outside Asia – Aconcagua, in the Andes – is 6,961 metres tall. The Himalayas have profoundly shaped the cultures of South Asia. Many Himalayan peaks are sacred in both Buddhism and Hinduism.\nBesides the Greater Himalayas of these high peaks there are parallel lower ranges. The first foothills, reaching about a thousand meters along the northern edge of the plains, are called the Sivalik Hills or Sub-Himalayan Range. Further north is a higher range reaching two to three thousand meters known as the Lower Himalayan or Mahabharat Range.\nThe Himalayas abut or cross six countries: Bhutan, India, Nepal, China, Afghanistan and Pakistan, with the first three countries having sovereignty over most of the range. The Himalayas are bordered on the northwest by the Karakoram and Hindu Kush ranges, on the north by the Tibetan Plateau, and on the south by the Indo-Gangetic Plain.
/m/01f1ps	Fukushima Prefecture is a prefecture of Japan located in the Tōhoku region on the island of Honshu. The capital is the city of Fukushima.
/m/0fdv3	Star Wars Episode III: Revenge of the Sith is a 2005 American epic space opera film written and directed by George Lucas. It is the sixth film released in the Star Wars saga and the third in terms of the series' chronology.\nThe film takes place three years after the onset of the Clone Wars. The Jedi Knights are spread out across the galaxy leading a massive clone army in the war against the Separatists. The Jedi Council dispatches Jedi Master Obi-Wan Kenobi to eliminate the evil General Grievous, leader of the Separatist Army. Meanwhile, Jedi Knight Anakin Skywalker, separated from Kenobi, his former master, grows close to Palpatine, the Chancellor of the Galactic Republic and, unknown to the public, a Sith Lord. Their deepening friendship proves dangerous for the Jedi Order, the Republic, and Anakin himself who inevitably succumbs to the dark side of the Force and becomes Darth Vader, changing the fate of the galaxy forever.\nLucas began writing the script before production of Star Wars Episode II: Attack of the Clones began. Filming took place in Australia with additional locations in Thailand and Italy, and lasted over three months. Revenge of the Sith premiered on May 15, 2005 at the Cannes Film Festival in Cannes, France and had its general release on May 19, 2005. The film received generally positive reviews from critics, especially in contrast to the previous two prequels.
/m/0r22d	Salinas is the county seat and largest municipality of Monterey County, California. Salinas is located 10 miles east-southeast of the mouth of the Salinas River, at an elevation of about 52 feet above sea level. The population was 150,441 at the 2010 census. The mostly suburban city is located at the mouth of the Salinas Valley roughly eight miles from the Pacific Ocean and has a mild climate. The city consists mostly of late 20th century single family homes, some low-level apartments, ranging from modest bungalows to spacious luxury homes. The climate is ideal for the floral industry and grape vineyards planted by world-famous vintners. Salinas is an agricultural center and the hometown of writer and Nobel Prize in Literature laureate John Steinbeck, who based several of his novels there, including Of Mice and Men.
/m/01zsfx	Bulawayo is the second largest city in Zimbabwe after the capital Harare, with, as of the 2012 census, a population of 653,377. It is located in Matabeleland, 439 km southwest of Harare, and is now treated as a separate provincial area from Matabeleland. The capital of Matabeleland North is now Lupane, as Bulawayo is a stand-alone province.\nBulawayo is also known as the 'City of Kings', 'Skies', 'Bluez', 'Bulliesberg' or 'KoNtuthu ziyathunqa' – a SiNdebele word for 'a place of smoky fires'.The majority of the Bulawayo's population belongs to the Ndebele ethnic and language group.\nBulawayo has long been and is still regarded as the industrial and business capital of Zimbabwe and is home to the National Railways of Zimbabwe because of its strategic position near Botswana and South Africa. It is the nearest large city to Hwange National Park, Matopo National Park and Victoria Falls.
/m/025vw4t	Charles Pratt, Jr. is an American television writer, producer and director.
/m/03x726	Clube Desportivo Nacional, commonly known as Nacional and sometimes Nacional da Madeira, is a Portuguese football club based in Funchal, in the island of Madeira. Founded in 1910, it currently plays in the Portuguese first division.
/m/0bdw1g	This is a list of winners of the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress – a Drama Series.
/m/02j69w	Dazed and Confused is a 1993 coming of age comedy film written and directed by Richard Linklater. The film features a large ensemble cast of actors who would later become stars, including Matthew McConaughey, Jason London, Ben Affleck, Milla Jovovich, Cole Hauser, Parker Posey, Adam Goldberg, Joey Lauren Adams, Nicky Katt, and Rory Cochrane. The plot follows various groups of teenagers during the last day of school in summer 1976.\nThe film grossed less than $8 million at the U.S. box office but later achieved cult film status. In 2002, Quentin Tarantino listed it as the 10th best film of all time in a Sight and Sound poll. It also ranked third on Entertainment Weekly magazine's list of the 50 Best High School Movies. The magazine also ranked it 10th on their \"Funniest Movies of the Past 25 Years\" list.\nThe title of the film is derived from the Led Zeppelin version of the song of the same name. Linklater approached the surviving members of Led Zeppelin for permission to use their song \"Rock and Roll\" in the film, but, while Jimmy Page and John Paul Jones agreed, Robert Plant refused.
/m/02wgk1	Spider-Man 2 is a 2004 American superhero film directed by Sam Raimi and written by Alvin Sargent from a story by Alfred Gough, Miles Millar, and Michael Chabon. The sequel to the 2002 film Spider-Man, it is the second film in Raimi's Spider-Man film trilogy based on the fictional Marvel Comics character of the same name. Tobey Maguire, Kirsten Dunst, and James Franco reprise their respective roles as Peter Parker/Spider-Man, Mary Jane Watson, and Harry Osborn.\nSet two years after the events of Spider-Man, the film focuses on Peter Parker struggling to manage both his personal life and his duties as Spider-Man, and Dr. Otto Octavius, who takes a turn for the diabolical following a failed experiment and his wife's death. Using his mechanical tentacles, Octavius is dubbed \"Doctor Octopus\" and threatens to endanger the lives of New York City's residents. Spider-Man must stop him from annihilating the city.\nSpider-Man 2 was released in both conventional and IMAX theaters on June 30, 2004, receiving high acclaim from critics and continuing to be featured frequently on lists of the best superhero films of all time. It grossed over $783 million worldwide and won the Academy Award for Best Visual Effects. It also received five awards at the Saturn Awards ceremony including Best Fantasy Film and Best Director for Raimi. The film's success led to Spider-Man 3, released in 2007.
/m/02qdymm	Melville Shavelson was an American film director, producer, screenwriter, and author. He was President of the Writers Guild of America, West from 1969 to 1971, 1979 to 1981, and 1985 to 1987. He came to Hollywood in 1938 as one of comedian Bob Hope's joke writers, a job he held for the next five years. He is responsible for the screenplays of such Hope films as The Princess and the Pirate, Where There's Life, The Great Lover, and Sorrowful Jones, which also starred Lucille Ball.\nShavelson was nominated twice for Academy Awards for Best Original Screenplay—first for 1955's The Seven Little Foys, starring Hope in a rare dramatic role, and then for 1958's Houseboat. He shared both nominations with Jack Rose. He also directed both films.\nOther films he wrote and directed include Beau James, The Five Pennies for which he won a Screen Writers Guild Award, It Started in Naples, On the Double, The Pigeon That Took Rome, A New Kind of Love, Cast a Giant Shadow, and Yours, Mine and Ours, which starred Henry Fonda and again with Lucille Ball. It was a comedy about a widow and a widower raising 18 children together. When Ms. Ball later asked Mr. Shavelson how he enjoyed directing her, The Associated Press reported, he replied, “Lucy, this is the first time I ever made a film with 19 children.” Ms. Ball was not amused. In addition to his film work, Shavelson created two Emmy award-winning television series and wrote for a dozen Academy Award shows.
/m/015w8_	Tiny Toon Adventures is an American animated comedy television series produced by Amblin Entertainment and Warner Bros. Animation and was broadcast from September 14, 1990 through May 28, 1995. It follows the adventures of a group of young cartoon characters who attend the Acme Looniversity to become the next generation of characters from the Looney Tunes series.\nConceived in the late 1980s by producer Tom Ruegger, the cartoon was the first animated series produced by the collaboration of Steven Spielberg and Warner Bros. Animation during the animation renaissance of the late 1980s and early 1990s.\nThe pilot episode, \"The Looney Beginning,\" aired as a prime-time special on CBS on September 14, 1990; while the series itself was featured in first-run syndication for the first two seasons. The last season was aired on Fox Kids. The series ended production in 1992 in favor of Animaniacs, however, two specials were produced in 1994. On July 1, 2013, Tiny Toon Adventures began airing on the Hub Network.
/m/0drdv	Benjamin Charles \"Ben\" Elton is an English comedian, author, playwright, actor and director. He was a part of London's alternative comedy movement of the 1980s and became a writer on such cult series as The Young Ones and Blackadder, as well as continuing as a stand-up comedian on stage and TV. His performing style in the 1980s was left-wing political satire. Since then he has published thirteen novels and more lately become known for writing the musical We Will Rock You and Love Never Dies, the sequel to The Phantom of the Opera.
/m/02s529	John Mahoney is an English-born American actor. He started his career on the stage in 1977 and moved into film in 1980. He played Martin Crane in the American sitcom Frasier on NBC from 1993 until to 2004. He has also worked as a voice actor, and performed on Broadway and in Chicago theatre.
/m/04n3l	Long Island is an island in the U.S. state of New York. Stretching northeastwards from New York Harbor into the Atlantic Ocean, Long Island contains four counties, two of which are boroughs of New York City, and two of which are mainly suburban. In popular usage, \"Long Island\" often refers only to Nassau and Suffolk counties in order to differentiate them from New York City, although all four counties are situated on the island and are part of the New York metropolitan area. North of the island is Long Island Sound, across which are the states of Connecticut and Rhode Island.\nWith a Census-estimated population of 7,686,912 in 2012, Long Island is the most populated island in any U.S. state or territory, and the 17th-most populous island in the world. Its population density is 5,402 inhabitants per square mile. If it were a U.S. state, Long Island would rank 13th in population and first in population density.\nBoth the longest and the largest island in the contiguous United States, Long Island extends 118 miles eastward from New York Harbor to Montauk Point, and has a maximum north-to-south expanse of 23 miles between the northern Long Island Sound coast and the southern Atlantic coast. With a land area of 1,401 square miles, Long Island is the 11th-largest island in the United States and the 148th-largest island in the world — larger than the 1,214 square miles of the smallest state, Rhode Island.
/m/0crqcc	Richard Price is an American novelist and screenwriter, known for the books The Wanderers, Clockers and Lush Life.
/m/09n70c	Novak Djokovic is a Serbian professional tennis player and former World No. 1 who is currently ranked World No. 2 by the Association of Tennis Professionals. He is generally considered to be one of the greatest tennis players of all time.\nDjokovic has won six Grand Slam singles titles and has held the No. 1 spot in the ATP rankings for a total of 101 weeks. By winning three Grand Slam titles in 2011, Djokovic became the sixth male player to win three Grand Slams in a calendar year. By reaching the 2012 French Open final, he became the ninth player in the Open Era to reach the final of all four Grand Slam singles tournaments and became only the fifth to do so consecutively. Amongst other titles, he won the Tennis Masters Cup in 2008, 2012 and 2013 and was on the Serbian team which won the 2010 Davis Cup. He also won the Bronze medal in men's singles at the 2008 Summer Olympics. He has won 16 Masters 1000 series titles, breaking a single-season record with five titles in 2011. This places him fourth on the list of Masters 1000 winners since its inception in 1990.\nHe holds several men's world records of the Open Era: becoming the youngest player in the Open Era to have reached the semifinals of all four Grand Slam events both separately and consecutively; the first and only man to win three consecutive Australian Open titles in the Open Era; and playing the longest Grand Slam men's singles final in history. Djokovic's ATP tournament records include winning 31 consecutive ATP World Tour Masters 1000 series matches, playing in the finals at all nine ATP Masters 1000 tournaments, and being the only player to win eight.
/m/09q23x	Charlie Wilson's War is a 2007 American biographical-drama film, recounting the true story of U.S. Congressman Charlie Wilson who partnered with CIA operative Gust Avrakotos to launch Operation Cyclone, a program to organize and support the Afghan mujahideen during the Soviet war in Afghanistan.\nThe film was directed by Mike Nichols and written by Aaron Sorkin, who adapted George Crile III's 2003 book Charlie Wilson's War: The Extraordinary Story of the Largest Covert Operation in History. Tom Hanks, Julia Roberts, and Philip Seymour Hoffman starred, with Amy Adams, Ned Beatty, and Emily Blunt in supporting roles. It was nominated for five Golden Globe Awards, including \"Best Motion Picture\", but did not win in any category. Hoffman was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor.
/m/01wc7p	Kirstie Louise Alley is an American actress and comedian known for her role in the TV series Cheers, in which she played Rebecca Howe from 1987 to 1993, winning an Emmy Award and a Golden Globe Award as the Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series in 1991. She is also known for her role in the thriller Shoot to Kill and the Look Who's Talking film series as Mollie Ubriacco. More recently, Alley has appeared in reality shows revolving around her life.
/m/01trhmt	Usher Raymond IV, known mononymously as Usher, is an American singer-songwriter, dancer, philanthropist, businessman, and actor. He rose to fame in the late 1990s with the release of his second album My Way, which spawned his first Billboard Hot 100 number-one hit, \"Nice & Slow\". The album has been certified 6-times platinum by the RIAA. His follow-up album, 8701, produced the Billboard Hot 100 number one hits \"U Remind Me\" and \"U Got It Bad\". The album has been certified 4-times platinum by the RIAA.\nUsher's 2004 album, Confessions, sold over 10 million copies in the United States and has been certified diamond by the RIAA. Confessions has the highest first week sales for an R&B artist in history. It spawned four consecutive Billboard number one hits — \"Yeah!\", \"Burn\", \"Confessions Part II\", and \"My Boo\". Usher's 2008 album, Here I Stand, sold over 5 million copies worldwide, and its lead single \"Love in This Club\" spent three weeks at number one on the Billboard Hot 100.\nOn March 30, 2010, Usher released his sixth studio album Raymond v. Raymond, which became his third consecutive album to debut at number one on the US Billboard 200 chart. It has been certified platinum by the RIAA, and spawned another Billboard Hot 100 number-one hit \"OMG\". The song became his ninth number one in the United States, making him the first 2010s artist to collect number one singles in three consecutive decades. He later released an extended play and deluxe edition of Raymond v. Raymond, entitled Versus, which debuted at number four on the Billboard 200 chart. Its lead single \"DJ Got Us Fallin' in Love\" reached number four on the Billboard Hot 100.
/m/01xhh5	The Korean people are an ethnic group originating in the Korean peninsula and Manchuria.
/m/067pl7	Michael Hirsh is a Belgian-born Canadian citizen. He has been a significant figure in the Canadian television industry, or more specifically children's programming, since the 1980s.
/m/01ggc9	Robert Hepler \"Rob\" Lowe is an American film and television actor. He garnered fame after appearing in such films as The Outsiders, Oxford Blues, About Last Night..., St. Elmo's Fire, Wayne's World, Tommy Boy, and Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me. On television, he played Sam Seaborn on The West Wing and Senator Robert McCallister on Brothers & Sisters. He is currently appearing on Parks and Recreation as Chris Traeger, but is scheduled to leave around the middle of the sixth season. Most recently, Lowe played the role of President John F. Kennedy in Killing Kennedy, a made-for-television movie that premiered November 10, 2013 on National Geographic Channel.
/m/02ldv0	Gary Alan Sinise is an American actor, film director, and musician. During his career, he has won various awards including an Emmy and a Golden Globe Award, while also being nominated for an Academy Award.\nSinise is known for several memorable roles during his career. These include the roles of George Milton in the successful film adaptation of Of Mice and Men, Lt. Dan Taylor in Forrest Gump, for which he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor, Harry S. Truman in Truman, for which he won a Golden Globe Award, Ken Mattingly in Apollo 13, Detective Jimmy Shaker in Ransom, and George C. Wallace in the television film George Wallace, for which he was awarded an Emmy Award. Sinise is also known for starring as Detective Mac Taylor in the CBS police procedural series CSI: NY from 2004 to 2013.
/m/01vw77	Nu jazz is an umbrella term coined in the late 1990s to refer to music that blends jazz elements with other musical styles, such as funk, soul, electronic dance music, and free improvisation. Also written nü-jazz or NuJazz, it is sometimes called electronic jazz, electro-jazz, electric jazz, e-jazz, jazztronica, jazz house, phusion, neo-jazz, future jazz or jazz-hop and electro-lounge.\nAccording to critic Tony Brewer,\n“Nu Jazz is to Jazz what punk or grunge was to Rock, of course. [...] The songs are the focus, not the individual prowess of the musicians. Nu Jazz instrumentation ranges from the traditional to the experimental, the melodies are fresh, and the rhythms new and alive. It makes Jazz fun again.”
/m/014nq4	Star Trek: Insurrection is a 1998 American science fiction film released by Paramount Pictures. It is the ninth film in the Star Trek film franchise and the second film to exclusively feature the cast of the Star Trek: The Next Generation television series. In addition to that cast, F. Murray Abraham, Donna Murphy and Anthony Zerbe also appeared in main roles. The crew of the USS Enterprise-E rebel against Starfleet after they discover a conspiracy with a species known as the Son'a to steal the peaceful Ba'ku's planet for its rejuvenating properties.\nParamount Studios sought a change in pace after the previous film, Star Trek: First Contact. Michael Piller was asked to write the script, which was created from story ideas by Piller and executive producer Rick Berman. The story's first drafts featured the Romulans, and the Son'a and Ba'ku were introduced in the third draft. After Ira Steven Behr reviewed the script, Piller revised it and added a subplot involving a romantic interest for Captain Picard. The ending was further revised after test screenings.\nThe space-based special effects were completely computer generated, a first for a Star Trek film. The Ba'ku village was fully built on location at Lake Sherwood, California, but suffered weather damage. Sets from the television series Star Trek: Voyager and Star Trek: Deep Space Nine were re-used and re-dressed. Michael Westmore created the make-up for the new alien races, and Robert Blackman revised the Starfleet dress uniform designs. Sanja Milkovic Hayes created costumes for the Ba'ku from cellulose fibers, which were baked and glued together. Jerry Goldsmith produced the film's score; his fourth for the franchise.
/m/04f1glf	Villarreal Club de Fútbol B is a Spanish football team based in Villarreal, in the autonomous community of Valencia. Founded in 1999, it is the reserve team of Villarreal CF and plays in Segunda División B – Group 3, holding home games at Ciudad Deportiva Villarreal CF, with a 5,000-seat capacity.\nUnlike in England, reserve teams in Spain play in the same football pyramid as their senior team rather than a separate league. However, reserve teams cannot play in the same division as their senior team. Therefore, the team is ineligible for promotion to the division in which the main side plays. Also, if the main team is relegated to the division in which its reserve side played in the prior season, the reserve team is automatically relegated to the division below the main team. Reserve teams are also no longer permitted to enter the Copa del Rey.
/m/01515w	Edward Harrison Norton is an American actor, screenwriter, film director and producer. In 1996, in his debut film, his supporting role in the courtroom drama Primal Fear garnered him a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor. Two years later, his lead role as a reformed white power skinhead in American History X earned a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actor.\nHis other performances are diverse in range and include supporting roles in the biographical drama The People vs. Larry Flynt and the comedy Everyone Says I Love You, starring roles in the cult hit Fight Club, 25th Hour, The Illusionist and Leaves of Grass, a rare villain turn in The Italian Job and an unrecognizable appearance in Kingdom of Heaven.\nIn addition to acting, Norton has experience writing and directing films. He made his directorial debut with the film Keeping the Faith. In addition to this, he performed uncredited work on the scripts for The Score, Frida, and The Incredible Hulk. He also appeared as a character in all of these films. He starred as Jack Teller in The Score, alongside Robert De Niro, and as Dr. Bruce Banner, the alter-ego of the Marvel Comics superhero the Hulk in The Incredible Hulk. He also had a minor role in Frida as Nelson Rockefeller.
/m/0362q0	David S. Zucker is an American film director, producer, and screenwriter.
/m/01k9lpl	Leonard Alfred Schneider, better known by his stage name Lenny Bruce, was an American stand-up comedian, social critic and satirist.\nHe was renowned for his open, free-style and critical form of comedy which integrated politics, religion, sex, and vulgarity. His private life was marked by substance abuse and promiscuity as well as efforts to prevent his wife from working as a stripper. His 1964 conviction in an obscenity trial was followed by a posthumous pardon, the first in New York State history, by then-Governor George Pataki in 2003. He paved the way for future outspoken counterculture-era comedians, and his trial for obscenity, in which – after being forced into bankruptcy – he was eventually found not guilty, is seen as a landmark trial for freedom of speech in the US.
/m/0glb5	Brittany; is one of the 27 regions of France. It occupies a large peninsula in the northwest of the country, lying between the English Channel to the north and the Bay of Biscay to the south. Its capital is Rennes.
/m/02qnbs	Gerard F. \"Gerry\" Conway is an American writer of comic books and television shows. He is known for co-creating the Marvel Comics Vigilante The Punisher and scripting the death of the character Gwen Stacy during his long run on The Amazing Spider-Man. At DC Comics, he is known for co-creating the superhero Firestorm and others, and for writing the Justice League of America for eight years. Conway is also notable for scripting the first major, modern-day intercompany crossover, Superman vs. the Amazing Spider-Man.
/m/0124jj	Perth and Kinross is one of the 32 council areas of Scotland and a Lieutenancy Area. It borders onto the Aberdeenshire, Angus, Argyll and Bute, Clackmannanshire, Dundee City, Fife, Highland and the Stirling council areas. Perth is the administrative centre. It corresponds broadly, but not exactly, with the former counties of Perthshire and Kinross-shire.\nPerthshire and Kinross-shire had a joint county council from 1929 until 1975. The area was created a single district in 1975, in the Tayside region, under the Local Government Act 1973, and then reconstituted as a unitary authority in 1996, by the Local Government etc. Act 1994.
/m/025s1wg	Spy Kids 3-D: Game Over is a 2003 American science fantasy adventure film directed by Robert Rodriguez and the third film in the Spy Kids series. It was released in the United States on July 25, 2003. The film featured the return of many cast members from the past two films, although most were in minor roles and cameo appearances. A fourth film, entitled Spy Kids: All the Time in the World was released on August 19, 2011.
/m/0c0zq	American Beauty is a 1999 American drama film directed by Sam Mendes and written by Alan Ball. Kevin Spacey stars as office worker Lester Burnham, who has a midlife crisis when he becomes infatuated with his teenage daughter's best friend, Angela. Annette Bening co-stars as Lester's materialistic wife, Carolyn, and Thora Birch plays their insecure daughter, Jane; Wes Bentley, Chris Cooper, and Allison Janney also feature. The film has been described by academics as a satire of American middle class notions of beauty and personal satisfaction; analysis has focused on the film's explorations of romantic and paternal love, sexuality, beauty, materialism, self-liberation, and redemption.\nBall began writing American Beauty as a play in the early 1990s, partly inspired by the media circus around the Amy Fisher trial in 1992. He shelved the play after realizing the story would not work on stage. After several years as a television screenwriter, Ball revived the idea in 1997 when attempting to break into the film industry. The modified script had a cynical outlook that was influenced by Ball's frustrating tenures writing for several sitcoms. Producers Dan Jinks and Bruce Cohen took American Beauty to DreamWorks; the fledgling film studio bought Ball's script for $250,000, outbidding several other production bodies. DreamWorks financed the $15 million production and served as the North American distributor. American Beauty marked acclaimed theater director Mendes' film debut; courted after his successful productions of the musicals Oliver! and Cabaret, Mendes was nevertheless only given the job after twenty others were considered and several \"A-list\" directors turned down the opportunity.
/m/0b275x	The CW Television Network is an American broadcast television network that launched on September 18, 2006. It is a limited liability joint venture between CBS Corporation, the former owners of the United Paramount Network, and Time Warner subsidiary Warner Bros. Entertainment, former majority owner of The WB Television Network. The \"CW\" name is derived from the first letters of the names of these corporations.\nThe network made its debut after its two predecessors, UPN and The WB, respectively ceased independent operations on September 15 and September 17, 2006. The CW's first two nights of programming – on September 18 and 19, 2006 – consisted of reruns and launch-related specials. The CW marked its formal launch date on September 20, 2006, with a two-hour season premiere of America's Next Top Model. The network's programming lineup is intended to appeal to people ranging in age from 18 to 34-years-old. The network currently runs programming six days a week: Monday through Fridays in the afternoon and in primetime, along with a Saturday morning children's programming block produced by Saban Brands called Vortexx.\nThe CW is also available in Canada on cable, satellite and IPTV providers through stations owned-and-operated by CBS Corporation and affiliates that are located within proximity to the U.S.-Canadian border, and through three affiliates owned by the Tribune Company that are classified in that country as superstations including the local feed of Chicago affiliate WGN-TV.
/m/01yfp7	The Gap, Inc., commonly known as Gap Inc. or Gap, is an American multinational clothing and accessories retailer. It was founded in 1969 by Donald G. Fisher and Doris F. Fisher and is headquartered in San Francisco, California. The company operates five primary divisions: the namesake banner, Banana Republic, Old Navy, Piperlime, and Athleta. Gap Inc. was surpassed by Spanish-based Inditex Group as the world's largest apparel retailer, based on the total numbers of international locations, however it remains the largest specialty retailer in the United States. As of September 2008, the company has approximately 135,000 employees and operates 3,076 stores worldwide, of which 2,551 are located in the U.S.\nThe Fisher family remains deeply involved in the company, collectively owning much of its stock. Donald Fisher served as Chairman of the Board until 2004, playing a role in the ouster of then-CEO Millard Drexler in 2002, and remained on the board until his death on September 27, 2009. Fisher's wife and their son, Robert J. Fisher, also serve on Gap's board of directors. Robert succeeded his father as chairman in 2004 and also served as CEO on an interim basis following the resignation of Paul Pressler in 2007, before being succeeded permanently by Glenn K. Murphy.
/m/053tpp	Yarrow Shipbuilders Limited, often styled as simply Yarrows, was a major shipbuilding firm based in the Scotstoun district of Glasgow on the River Clyde. It is now part of BAE Systems Surface Ships, owned by BAE Systems, which has also operated the nearby Govan shipyard since 1999.
/m/050t68	Philip “Fyvush” Finkel is an American actor best known as a star of Yiddish theater and for his role as lawyer Douglas Wambaugh on the television series Picket Fences, for which he earned an Emmy Award in 1994. He is also known for his portrayal of Harvey Lipschultz, a crotchety U.S. history teacher, on the TV series Boston Public.
/m/018f94	Bochum is a city in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany and part of the Arnsberg region. It is located in the Ruhr area and is surrounded by the cities of Herne, Castrop-Rauxel, Dortmund, Witten, Hattingen, Essen and Gelsenkirchen. With a population of nearly 365,000, it is the 16th most populous city in Germany.
/m/02tzwd	The Astrid Lindgren Memorial Award is an international children's literary award established by the Swedish government in 2002 to honour the Swedish children's author Astrid Lindgren. The prize is five million SEK, making it the richest award in children's literature and the second or third richest literary prize in the world.\nThe Lindgren Award annually recognises one or more living people and extant institutions, people for their career contributions and institutions for their long-term sustainable work. Specifically they should be \"authors, illustrators, oral storytellers and promoters of reading\" whose \"work is of the highest quality, and in the spirit of Astrid Lindgren.\" The object of the award is to increase interest in children’s and young people's literature, and to promote children's rights to culture on a global level.\nThe award is administered by the Swedish Arts Council funded solely by the central government. Officially it is called \"An award by the Swedish people to the world\".\n\"The award recipients are chosen by a jury with broad expertise in international children’s and young adult literature, reading promotion and children’s rights. The 12 members include authors, literary critics and scholars, illustrators and librarians. One member represents Astrid Lindgren's family.\"
/m/0mxsm	Oklahoma County is a county located in the central part of the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of the 2010 census, the population was 718,633. The county seat and principal city is Oklahoma City. Oklahoma County is at the heart of the Oklahoma City Metropolitan Statistical Area and is the most populous county in the state.\nOklahoma County is one of seven counties in the United States to share the same name as a state it is located in.
/m/03fcbb	The Naval Postgraduate School is a fully accredited research university operated by the United States Navy. Located in Monterey, California, it grants master's degrees, engineer's degrees and doctoral degrees. The school also offers research fellowship opportunities at the postdoctoral level through the National Research Council research associateship program.
/m/028tv0	Lead guitar is a guitar part which plays melody lines, instrumental fill passages, guitar solos, and occasionally, some riffs within a song structure. The lead is the featured guitar, which usually plays single-note-based lines or double-stops. In rock, heavy metal, blues, jazz, punk, fusion, some pop, and other music styles, lead guitar lines are usually supported by a second guitarist who plays rhythm guitar, which consists of accompaniment chords and riffs.
/m/02qvhbb	Tanikella Bharani is an Indian film actor, screen writer, dialogue writer, poet, theatre actor, magazine editor, playwright and director predominant in Telugu cinema. He has worked in more than 750 films. He has garnered three Andhra Pradesh State Nandi Awards.
/m/07y9ts	The 57th Annual Primetime Emmy Awards were held on September 18, 2005, hosted by Ellen DeGeneres. The 2005 Primetime Emmy Awards show was broadcast on CBS. One network BBC America received its first major nomination this year.\nThe show, which aired three weeks after Hurricane Katrina hit, featured a mini-telethon for Habitat for Humanity and gave DeGeneres more opportunity to use the show to somberly remember the victims of the Gulf Coast. Opening the show was the famous 1970's band Earth Wind & Fire with a comedic version of \"September\", in collaboration with The Black Eyed Peas. The show featured tributes to ABC-TV anchor Peter Jennings presented by rival anchors Dan Rather and Tom Brokaw and to talk show host Johnny Carson by close friend and Late Show host David Letterman. Also, the show featured Emmy Idol, five segments in which famous TV stars performed popular TV theme songs in a format like American Idol.\nEverybody Loves Raymond became the first comedy to have its final season win the Emmy for Outstanding Comedy Series since Barney Miller in 1982. Everybody Loves Raymond tied for the lead in major nominations and wins with 10 and three. Freshman series Desperate Housewives became just the second series to earn three nominations in a lead acting category, it joined The Golden Girls which had three nominations for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series four separate years. In the drama field, new series Lost won Outstanding Drama Series. Defending champion The Sopranos was on hiatus, and had not aired a new season during the eligibility period.
/m/01ptsx	Fortune 1000 is a reference to a list maintained by the American business magazine Fortune. The list is of the 1000 largest American companies, ranked on revenues alone. Eligible companies are any which are incorporated or authorized to do business in the United States, and for which revenues are publicly available. The Fortune 500 is the subset of the list that is its 500 largest companies.\nThe list draws the attention of business readers seeking to learn the influential players in the American economy and prospective sales targets, as these companies tend to have large budgets and staff needs.\nWal-Mart Stores was number 1 on the list for four of the five years from 2007–2011, interrupted only by ExxonMobil in 2009.\nFor 2012, ExxonMobil once again surpassed Wal-Mart Stores.\nFor 2013, Wal-Mart Stores returned to number 1 on the list.
/m/03h_f4	The 34th Canadian Parliament was in session from December 12, 1988 until September 8, 1993. The membership was set by the 1988 federal election on November 21, 1988, and it changed only somewhat due to resignations and by-elections until it was dissolved prior to the 1993 election.\nIt was controlled by a Progressive Conservative Party majority, led first by Prime Minister Brian Mulroney and the 24th Canadian Ministry, and then Prime Minister Kim Campbell and the 25th Canadian Ministry. The official opposition was the Liberal Party, led first by John Turner, and after 1990, by Jean Chrétien.\nThe speaker of the House of Commons was John Allen Fraser. See also list of Canadian electoral districts 1987-1997 for a list of the ridings in this parliament.\nThere were three sessions of the 34th Parliament:
/m/048q6x	Robert Xavier Morse is an American actor and singer best known for his appearances in musicals and plays on Broadway. He has also acted in movies and television shows. His best known role is that of J. Pierrepont Finch in the 1961 Broadway musical and 1967 film How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying. He currently plays the recurring role of Bertram Cooper on the AMC television show Mad Men.
/m/08rr3p	The Mirror Has Two Faces is a 1996 American romantic comedy-drama film produced and directed by Barbra Streisand, who also stars. The screenplay by Richard LaGravenese is loosely based on the 1958 French film Le Miroir à deux faces written by André Cayatte and Gérard Oury, which focused on a homely woman who becomes a beauty, which creates problems in her marriage.\nThe film also stars Jeff Bridges, Pierce Brosnan, George Segal, Mimi Rogers, Brenda Vaccaro and Lauren Bacall.\nThe film received widespread criticism for being an ego production by Streisand who, with Marvin Hamlisch, Robert John \"Mutt\" Lange, and Bryan Adams, also composed the film's theme song, \"I Finally Found Someone\", and sang it on the soundtrack with Adams.
/m/07x_h	The Cabinet of the United States is composed of the most senior appointed officers of the executive branch of the federal government of the United States, who are generally the heads of the federal executive departments. The existence of the Cabinet dates back to the first President of the United States, George Washington, who appointed a Cabinet of four men: Secretary of State Thomas Jefferson; Secretary of the Treasury Alexander Hamilton; Secretary of War Henry Knox; and Attorney General Edmund Randolph to advise him and to assist him in carrying out his duties.\nAll Cabinet members are nominated by the President and then presented to the Senate for confirmation or rejection by a simple majority. If they are approved, they are sworn in and then begin their duties. Aside from the Attorney General, and the Postmaster General when it was a Cabinet office, they all receive the title of Secretary. Members of the Cabinet serve at the pleasure of the President, which means that the President may dismiss them or reappoint them at will.
/m/025_nbr	Travis Banton was the chief designer at Paramount Pictures. He is considered one of the most important Hollywood costume designers of the 1930s.\nHe was born in Waco, Texas. Travis moved to New York City as a child. Banton was educated at Columbia University and at the Art Students League where he studied art and fashion design.\nAn early apprenticeship with a high-society costume dressmaker earned him fame. When Mary Pickford selected one of his dresses for her wedding to Douglas Fairbanks, his reputation was established.\nHe opened his own dressmaking salon in New York City, and soon was asked to create costumes for the Ziegfeld Follies. In 1924, Travis Banton moved to Hollywood when Paramount contracted with him to create costumes for his first film, The Dressmaker from Paris\nBeginning with Norma Talmadge in \"Poppy,\" Banton designed clothing for Pola Negri and Clara Bow in the 1920s. In the '30s and '40s Banton designed for such stars as Kay Francis, Lilyan Tashman, Sylvia Sidney, Gail Patrick, Helen Vinson, and Claudette Colbert. Ultimately, Travis Banton may be best remembered for forging the style of such Hollywood icons as Carole Lombard, Marlene Dietrich, and Mae West.
/m/0bd67	Greater Poland Voivodeship, also known as Wielkopolska Voivodeship or Wielkopolska Province, is a voivodeship, or province, in west-central Poland. It was created on 1 January 1999 out of the former Poznań, Kalisz, Konin, Piła and Leszno Voivodeships, pursuant to the Polish local government reforms adopted in 1998. The province is named after the region called Greater Poland or Wielkopolska. The modern province includes most of this historic region, except for some south-western parts.\nGreater Poland Voivodeship is second in area and third in population among Poland's sixteen voivodeships, with an area of 29,826 square kilometres and a population of close to 3.4 million. Its capital city is Poznań; other important cities include Kalisz, Konin, Piła, Ostrów Wielkopolski and Gniezno. It is bordered by seven other voivodeships: West Pomeranian to the northwest, Pomeranian to the north, Kuyavian-Pomeranian to the north-east, Łódź to the south-east, Opole to the south, Lower Silesian to the southwest and Lubusz to the west.\nThe city of Poznań has international twinning arrangements with the English county of Nottinghamshire.
/m/05nwr	Orkney also known as the Orkney Islands, is an archipelago in northern Scotland, 16 kilometres north of the coast of Caithness. Orkney comprises approximately 70 islands, of which 20 are inhabited. The largest island, known as the \"Mainland\" has an area of 523.25 square kilometres making it the sixth largest Scottish island and the tenth-largest island in the British Isles. The largest settlement and administrative centre is Kirkwall.\nThe name \"Orkney\" dates back to the 1st century BC or earlier, and the islands have been inhabited for at least 8,500 years. Originally occupied by Mesolithic and Neolithic tribes and then by the Picts, Orkney was invaded and forcibly annexed by Norway in 875 and settled by the Norse. The Scottish Parliament then re-annexed the earldom to the Scottish Crown in 1472, following the failed payment of a dowry for James III's bride, Margaret of Denmark. Orkney contains some of the oldest and best-preserved Neolithic sites in Europe, and the \"Heart of Neolithic Orkney\" is a designated UNESCO World Heritage Site.\nOrkney is one of the 32 council areas of Scotland, a constituency of the Scottish Parliament, a lieutenancy area, and a former county. The local council is Orkney Islands Council, one of only three Councils in Scotland with a majority of elected members who are independents.
/m/012vd6	Aretha Louise Franklin is an American singer and musician. Franklin began her career singing gospel at her father, minister C. L. Franklin's church as a child. In 1960, at age 18, Franklin embarked on a secular career, recording for Columbia Records only achieving modest success. Following her signing to Atlantic Records in 1967, Franklin achieved commercial acclaim and success with songs such as \"Respect\", \" A Natural Woman\" and \"Think\". These hits and more helped her to gain the title The Queen of Soul by the end of the 1960s decade.\nFranklin eventually recorded a total of 88 charted singles on Billboard, including 77 Hot 100 entries and twenty number-one R&B singles, becoming the most charted female artist in the chart's history. Franklin also recorded acclaimed albums such as I Never Loved a Man the Way I Love You, Lady Soul, Young, Gifted & Black and Amazing Grace before experiencing problems with her record company by the mid-1970s. After her father was shot in 1979, Franklin left Atlantic and signed with Arista Records, finding success with a relatively small role in the film, The Blues Brothers and with the albums, Jump to It and Who's Zoomin' Who?. In 1998, Franklin won international acclaim for singing the opera aria, \"Nessun Dorma\", at the Grammys of that year replacing Luciano Pavarotti. Later that same year, she scored her final Top 40 recording with \"A Rose Is Still a Rose\".
/m/04l_pt	Thai Chinese are Thai citizens of Chinese, primarily Han Chinese, origin. Thailand is home to the largest overseas Chinese community in the world and is also the oldest, most prominent, and well integrated overseas Chinese community in the world with a population of approximately nine million people, accounting for 14% of the Thai population as of 2012. The Thai-Chinese have been deeply ingrained into all elements of Thai society for the past 400 years. The present Thai royal family, the Chakri Dynasty, was founded by King Rama I who himself was partly Chinese. His predecessor, King Taksin of Thonburi dynastry, was the son of a Chinese immigrant from Guangdong Province and a Thai mother. Nearly all Thai Chinese identify themselves completely as Thai due to the highly successful integration of Chinese communities into Thai society. Descendants of most ennobled Chinese in Thailand are among the leading Thai families today.\nThai Chinese are well represented in all levels of Thai society and make up a significant percentage of Thailand's business and upper class. They play a leading role in the Thai business and commerce sector. The Thai Chinese business class is also dominant in the Thai finance sector. Thai Chinese are also well represented in the Thai political scene and most of Thai Prime Ministers were at least of partial Chinese origin.
/m/0ftqr	Nobuo Uematsu is a Japanese video game composer, best known for scoring the majority of titles in the Final Fantasy series. He is considered one of the most famous and respected composers in the video game community. Uematsu, a self-taught musician, began playing the piano at the age of eleven or twelve, with Elton John as his biggest influence.\nUematsu joined Square in 1986, where he met Final Fantasy creator Hironobu Sakaguchi. They have worked together on many video game titles, most notably the games in the Final Fantasy series. After nearly 20 years in the company, he left Square Enix in 2004 to found his own company called Smile Please, and the music production company Dog Ear Records. He has since composed music as a freelancer for video games primarily developed by Square Enix and Sakaguchi's development studio Mistwalker.\nSoundtracks and arranged albums of Uematsu's game scores have been released. Pieces from his video game works have been performed in Final Fantasy concerts. He has worked with Grammy Award-winning conductor Arnie Roth on several of these concerts. From 2002 to 2010, he was in a rock band with colleagues Kenichiro Fukui and Tsuyoshi Sekito called The Black Mages, in which he played electronic organ and other keyboards. The band played arranged rock versions of Uematsu's Final Fantasy compositions. He has since performed with the band Earthbound Papas.
/m/03y8cbv	The Independent Spirit Award for Best Documentary Feature is one of the annual Independent Spirit Awards.
/m/0k1dw	Party games are games that some people play as forms of entertainment at social gatherings. Party games usually involve more than one player. There are a large number and styles of party games available and the one selected will depend on the atmosphere that is sought to be generated. The party game may merely be intended as an ice breaker, or the sole purpose for the party.
/m/05kh_	George Orson Welles was an American actor, director, writer and producer who worked in theater, radio and film. He is best remembered for his innovative work in all three media, most notably Caesar, a groundbreaking Broadway adaptation of Julius Caesar and the debut of the Mercury Theatre; The War of the Worlds, one of the most famous broadcasts in the history of radio; and Citizen Kane, consistently ranked as one of the all-time greatest films.\nAfter directing a number of high-profile productions in his early twenties, including an innovative adaptation of Macbeth and The Cradle Will Rock, Welles found national and international fame as the director and narrator of a 1938 radio adaptation of H. G. Wells' novel The War of the Worlds performed for the radio anthology series The Mercury Theatre on the Air. It reportedly caused widespread panic when listeners thought that an invasion by extraterrestrial beings was occurring. Although these reports of panic were mostly false and overstated, they rocketed Welles to notoriety.\nHis first film was Citizen Kane, which he co-wrote, produced, directed, and starred in as Charles Foster Kane. Welles was an outsider to the studio system and directed only 13 full-length films in his career. While he struggled for creative control from the major film studios, his films were heavily edited and others remained unreleased. His distinctive directorial style featured layered and nonlinear narrative forms, innovative uses of lighting such as chiaroscuro, unusual camera angles, sound techniques borrowed from radio, deep focus shots, and long takes. He has been praised as a major creative force and as \"the ultimate auteur.\" Welles followed up Citizen Kane with critically acclaimed films, including The Magnificent Ambersons in 1942, and Touch of Evil in 1958.
/m/0djgt	Jammu and Kashmir is a state of India. It is located mostly in the Himalayan mountains and shares a border with the states of Himachal Pradesh and Punjab to the south. Jammu and Kashmir has an international border with the People's Republic of China in the north and east while Line of Control separates it from Pakistani controlled territories of Azad Kashmir and Gilgit–Baltistan in the west and northwest respectively.\nFormerly a part of the erstwhile Princely State of Kashmir and Jammu, which governed the larger historic region of Kashmir, this territory is disputed among China, India and Pakistan. Pakistan, which claims the territory as disputed, refers to it alternatively as Indian-occupied Kashmir or Indian-held Kashmir, while some international agencies such as the United Nations call it Indian-administered Kashmir. The regions under the control of Pakistan are referred to as Pakistan-occupied Kashmir or PoK within India, as \"Azad\" Jammu and Kashmir in Pakistan, and as Pakistan-administered Kashmir or Pakistan-controlled Kashmir generally.
/m/0nz_b	Cobb County is a suburban county located in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 688,078. Its county seat and largest city is Marietta.\nCobb, along with several adjoining counties, was created on December 3, 1832, by the Georgia General Assembly from the huge Cherokee \"county\" territory — land northwest of the Chattahoochee River which the state confiscated from the Cherokee Nation and redistributed to settlers via lottery, following the passage of the federal Indian Removal Act. The county was named for Thomas Willis Cobb, a United States representative and senator from Georgia. It is believed that Marietta was named for his wife, Mary.\nCobb County is included in the Atlanta metropolitan area. Cobb County is situated immediately outside the northwest city limits of Atlanta, and is connected to the metropolitan area by interstate highways I-285, I-75, I-20 and I-575. In the last three decades of the 20th century, the county was one of the fastest growing areas of the United States. Within the past 50 years, the county has grown from a primarily undeveloped rural area into a metropolitan suburb.\nIts Cumberland District, an edge city, encompasses over 24,000,000 square feet of office space.
/m/0l3n4	Lancaster County, sometimes nicknamed the Garden Spot of America or Pennsylvania Dutch Country, is a county located in the south central part of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. As of the 2010 census, the population was 519,445. Its county seat is Lancaster.\nLancaster County forms the Lancaster Metropolitan Statistical Area, the 99th largest of 361 MSAs in the United States.\nThe County of Lancaster is a popular tourist destination. The term Pennsylvania Dutch comes from Pennsylvania German language, derived from the German Deutsch, Dutch Duits, Diets: they are the descendants of Germans who immigrated in the 18th and 19th centuries for the freedom of religion offered by William Penn, and were attracted by the rich soil and mild climate of the area. Freedom from poverty and political uncertainty also was a major factor. Also attracted to promises of religious freedom, French Huguenots fleeing religious persecution with significant numbers of English, Welsh and Scots-Irish settled this area in 1710.
/m/0dv0z	The Dutch Republic—officially known as the Republic of the Seven United Netherlands, the Republic of the United Netherlands, or the Republic of the Seven United Provinces —was a republic in Europe existing from 1581, when part of the Netherlands separated from Spanish rule, to 1795. It preceded the Batavian Republic, the United Kingdom of the Netherlands and ultimately the modern Kingdom of the Netherlands. Alternative names include the United Provinces, Federated Dutch Provinces, and Dutch Federation.
/m/01q8fxx	Isabelle Adjani is a French film actress and singer. Adjani rose to fame in 1975 for her overwhelmingly lauded performance as Adele Hugo in The Story of Adele H., garnering 20 year-old Adjani her first Academy Award for Best Actress nomination, making her the youngest nominee ever at the time.\nAdjani has appeared in many films since then, performing in French, English and German. She holds the record for the most César Awards for Best Actress, having received five: for Possession, One Deadly Summer, Camille Claudel, Queen Margot and Skirt Day.\nAdjani was recognized with a double Cannes Film Festival Best Actress Award for Possession and Quartet in 1981. She received a Berlin Film Festival Best Actress Award in 1989. She also received two Academy Award nominations for Best Actress. In 2010, she was made a Chevalier de la Légion d’honneur.
/m/067nv	A preacher is a person who delivers sermons or gives homilies, generally on religious topics, although one can also preach any of the components of any worldview or philosophy. Some see a preacher as distinct from a theologian by focusing on the communication rather than the development of doctrine. Others see preaching and theology as being intertwined. Preaching is not limited to religious views, but it extends to moral and social world-views as well.
/m/018nnz	The Animatrix is a 2003 direct-to-video anthology film based on The Matrix trilogy produced by The Wachowskis, who wrote and directed the trilogy. The film is a compilation of nine animated short films, including four written by the Wachowskis. It details the backstory of the Matrix universe, and the original war between man and machines which led to the creation of the Matrix.
/m/0sd7v	Bloomington is a city in McLean County, Illinois, United States and the county seat. It is adjacent to Normal, Illinois, and is the more populous of the two principal municipalities of the Bloomington-Normal metropolitan area. The mayor of Bloomington is Tari Renner.\nThe 2010 census showed the city had a population of 76,610. making it the 12th most populated city in Illinois, and the fifth-most populous city in the state outside of the Chicago Metropolitan Area. Combined with Normal, the twin cities have a population of roughly 130,000.
/m/03bzc7	Dark ambient is a subgenre of Industrial music that features foreboding, ominous, or discordant overtones. Dark ambient has its roots in the 1970s, with the introduction of newer, smaller, and more affordable effects units, synthesizer and sampling technology. Dark ambient is an unusually diverse genre, related to ambient music and noise, yet generally free from derivatives and connections to other genres or styles.
/m/0dn_w	The National Railroad Passenger Corporation, doing business as Amtrak, is a publicly funded railroad service operated and managed as a for-profit corporation and began operations on May 1, 1971, to provide intercity passenger train service in the United States.\nAmtrak operates 374 trains each day on 31,474 miles of track with select segments having civil operating speeds of 150 mph and connecting 896 destinations in 46 states in addition to three Canadian provinces. In fiscal year 2012, Amtrak served a record 31.2 million passengers and had $2.88 billion in revenue while employing more than 20,000 people. Nearly two-thirds of passengers come from the ten largest metropolitan areas and 83% of passengers travel on routes of 400 miles or less. Its headquarters is at Union Station in Washington, D.C.\nThe name \"Amtrak\" is a portmanteau of the words \"America\" and \"trak\", the latter itself an inventive spelling of \"track\".
/m/0mdqp	Benjamin Edward \"Ben\" Stiller is an American actor, comedian, voice actor, screenwriter, film director, and producer. He is the son of veteran comedians and actors Jerry Stiller and Anne Meara.\nAfter beginning his acting career with a play, Stiller wrote several mockumentaries, and was offered his own show entitled The Ben Stiller Show, which he produced and hosted for its entire run: 13 episodes. Having previously acted in television, he began acting in films; he made his directorial debut with Reality Bites. Throughout his career he has written, starred in, directed, and/or produced over 50 films, including The Secret Life of Walter Mitty, Zoolander, There's Something About Mary, Meet the Parents, DodgeBall, Tropic Thunder, the Madagascar series, Night at the Museum, and the sequel Night at the Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian. In addition, he has had multiple cameos in music videos, television shows, and films.\nStiller is a member of the comedic acting brotherhood colloquially known as the Frat Pack. His films have grossed more than $2.6 billion in Canada and the United States, with an average of $79 million per film. Throughout his career, he has received several awards and honors, including an Emmy Award, several MTV Movie Awards, and a Teen Choice Award.
/m/01_yvy	Indore is a tier 2 city, the largest city of the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh. It serves as the headquarters of both Indore District and Indore Division. A central power city, Indore exerts a significant impact upon commerce, finance, media, art, fashion, research, technology, education, and entertainment and has been described as the commercial capital of the state.\nLocated on the southern edge of Malwa Plateau, the city is located 190 km west of the state capital of Bhopal. With a Census-estimated 2011 population of 2,167,447 distributed over a land area of just, Indore is the densely populated major city in the central province. The Indore Metropolitan Area's population is the state's largest, with 2.2 million people living there. It is the 14th largest city in India and 147th largest city in the world.\nIndore traces its roots to its 16th century founding as a trading hub between the Deccan and Delhi. The city and its surroundings came under Maratha Empire on 18 May 1724 after Maratha Peshwa assumed the full control of Malwa. During the days of the British Raj it was a 19 Gun Salute princely state ruled by the Maratha Holkar dynasty, until they acceded to the Union of India. Indore served as the capital of the Madhya Bharat from 1950 until 1956.
/m/02my3z	Armin Mueller-Stahl is a German film actor, painter, writer and musician.
/m/01wg6y	George Duke was an American musician, known as a keyboard pioneer, composer, singer and producer in both jazz and popular mainstream musical genres. He worked with numerous acclaimed artists as arranger, music director, writer and co-writer, record producer and as a professor of music. He first made a name for himself with the album The Jean-Luc Ponty Experience with the George Duke Trio. He was known primarily for thirty-odd solo albums as well as for his collaborations with other musicians, particularly Frank Zappa.
/m/02jnw	In mathematics, an equation is a formula of the form A = B, where A and B are expressions that may contain one or several variables called unknowns, and \"=\" denotes the equality binary relation. Although written in the form of proposition, an equation is not a statement that is either true or false, but a problem consisting of finding the values, called solutions, that, when substituted for the unknowns, yield equal values of the expressions A and B. For example, 2 is the unique solution of the equation x + 2 = 4, in which the unknown is x. Historically, equations arose from the mathematical discipline of algebra, but later become ubiquitous. \"Equations\" should not be confused with \"identities\", which are presented with the same notation but have a different meaning: for example 2 + 2 = 4 and x + y = y + x are identities in arithmetic, and do not constitute a values-finding problem, even when variables are present as in the latter example.\nThe term \"equation\" may also refer to a relation between some variables that is presented as the equality of some expressions written in terms of those variables' values. For example the equation of the unit circle is x² + y² = 1, which means that a point belongs to the circle if and only if its coordinates are related by this equation. Most physical laws are expressed by equations. One of the most famous ones is Einstein's equation E = mc².
/m/01x4r3	Lewis Niles Black is an American comedian, author, playwright, social critic and actor. He is known for his angry face, comedy style, which often includes simulating a mental breakdown, or an increasingly angry rant, ridiculing history, politics, religion, trends and cultural phenomena. He hosted the Comedy Central series Lewis Black's Root of All Evil, and makes regular appearances on The Daily Show with Jon Stewart delivering his “Back in Black” commentary segment. When not on the road performing, he resides in Manhattan. He also maintains a residence in Chapel Hill, N.C. He is currently the spokesman for Aruba Tourism, appearing in television ads that aired in late 2009 and 2010. He was voted 51st of the 100 greatest stand-up comedians of all time by Comedy Central in 2004; and was voted 5th in Comedy Central's Stand Up Showdown in 2008 and 11th in 2010.
/m/0b3n61	Madagascar: Escape 2 Africa is a 2008 American computer-animated comedy film written by Etan Cohen, and directed by Eric Darnell and Tom McGrath. This sequel to the 2005 film Madagascar continues the adventures of Alex the Lion, Marty the Zebra, Melman the Giraffe, and Gloria the Hippo. It stars the voices of Ben Stiller, Chris Rock, David Schwimmer, Jada Pinkett Smith, Sacha Baron Cohen, Cedric the Entertainer, and Andy Richter. Also providing voices are Bernie Mac, Alec Baldwin, Sherri Shepherd, Elisa Gabrielli, and will.i.am. It was produced by DreamWorks Animation and distributed by Paramount Pictures, and was released on November 7, 2008.\nThe film starts as a prequel, showing a small part of Alex's early life, including his capture by hunters. It soon moves to shortly after the point where the original left off, with the animals deciding to return to New York. They board an airplane in Madagascar, but crash-land in Africa, where each of the central characters meets others of the same species; Alex is reunited with his parents. Problems arise, and their resolution occupies much of the remainder of the film.
/m/0mzy7	Fresno is a city in Central California, the county seat of Fresno County. As of 2013, the city's population was 509,000 making it the fifth largest city in California, the largest inland city in California and the 32nd largest in the nation. Fresno is in the center of the San Joaquin Valley and is the largest city in the Central Valley, which contains the San Joaquin Valley. It is approximately 200 miles north of Los Angeles, and 170 miles south of the state capital, Sacramento. Metropolitan Fresno has a population of 1,107,416. The name Fresno is the Spanish language word for the ash tree, and an ash leaf is featured on the city's flag.
/m/094wz7q	Roger Savage is a film sound supervisor and re-recording mixer.
/m/01fmys	Home Alone is a 1990 American Christmas family comedy film written and produced by John Hughes and directed by Chris Columbus. The film stars Macaulay Culkin as Kevin McCallister, an eight-year-old boy who is mistakenly left behind when his family flies to Paris for their Christmas vacation. Kevin initially relishes being home alone, but soon has to contend with two would-be burglars played by Daniel Stern and Joe Pesci. The film also features Catherine O'Hara and John Heard as Kevin's parents. As of 2009, Home Alone was the highest-grossing comedy of all time. It spawned a successful franchise, with four sequels and three video games, with the main cast reprising their roles for Home Alone 2: Lost in New York.
/m/015qsq	Serpico is a 1973 American crime film directed by Sidney Lumet and starring Al Pacino. Waldo Salt and Norman Wexler wrote the screenplay, adapting Peter Maas' biography of NYPD officer Frank Serpico, who went undercover to expose corruption in the force. Both Maas's book and the film cover 12 years—1960 to June 15, 1972—in the life of Serpico, who was trying to be an honest policeman.\nThe film and principals were nominated for numerous awards, earning recognition for its score, direction, screenplay and Pacino's performance. The film was also a commercial success.
/m/0227vl	Paris Whitney Hilton is an American socialite, actress and entertainer. She is the great-granddaughter of Conrad Hilton, the founder of Hilton Hotels. Born in New York City and raised in both Beverly Hills, California and New York, Hilton began a modeling career as a teenager when she signed with Donald Trump's modeling agency, T Management. Her hard-partying lifestyle and rumored short-lived relationships with Leonardo DiCaprio and Oscar De La Hoya led her to earn a position as a fixture in entertainment news. For her notoriety as a socialite, Hilton was hailed by the media as \"New York's leading It Girl\" in 2001.\nIn 2003, Hilton came to prominence after a sex tape with her then-boyfriend Rick Salomon was leaked. Later that year, she starred in the reality television series The Simple Life alongside Nicole Richie, which provided both women with international recognition. In the following years, she released her autobiography Confessions of an Heiress: A Tongue-in-Chic Peek Behind the Pose, landed a supporting role in the horror film House of Wax, and released her debut studio album Paris. Hilton returned to reality television with Paris Hilton's My New BFF and its two spin-offs Paris Hilton's British Best Friend and Paris Hilton's Dubai BFF. She served as a voice actress in the TV movie The Dog Who Saved Christmas Vacation and appeared in the reality show The World According to Paris. She had a part in Sofia Coppola's independent film The Bling Ring.
/m/02t4yc	Western Kentucky University is a public university in Bowling Green, Kentucky, USA. It was founded by the Commonwealth of Kentucky in 1906, though its roots reach back a quarter-century earlier.\nWKU has a student body of over 21,000 students. Its main campus is in the midst of hundreds of millions of dollars worth of construction and renovation. Since 1997, dormitories have been renovated, new academic and athletic buildings have been finished, with more construction under way. The university also has placed a premium on creating a park-like atmosphere, with parking lots on the interior of the 200-acre campus replaced with green spaces, trees and central landscaping known as Centennial Mall.\nThe main campus sits atop the highest point in south-central Kentucky, a hill with a commanding view of the Barren River valley. The campus flows from the top of College Heights, also known as The Hill, down its north, south and west faces. WKU also operates satellite campuses in Bowling Green and regionally in Glasgow, Elizabethtown/Fort Knox and Owensboro.
/m/02bh_v	The Argentina national football team represents Argentina in football and is controlled by the Argentine Football Association, the governing body for football in Argentina. Argentina's home stadium is Estadio Antonio Vespucio Liberti and their head coach is Alejandro Sabella. The team is currently third in the FIFA World Rankings.\nLa Selección, also known as the Albicelestes, has appeared in four World Cup finals, including the first final in 1930, which they lost 4–2 to Uruguay. Argentina won in their next final appearance in 1978, beating the Netherlands 3–1. Argentina, led by Diego Maradona won again in 1986, a 3–2 victory over West Germany. Their most recent World Cup final appearance was in 1990, which they lost 1–0 to Germany by a much disputed penalty. Argentina's World Cup winning managers are César Luis Menotti in 1978, and Carlos Bilardo in 1986.\nArgentina has been very successful in the Copa América, winning it 14 times and also winning the 'extra' South American Championships in 1941, 1945 and 1946. The team also won the FIFA Confederations Cup and the Kirin Cup, both in 1992, and an Argentine team won the Olympics football tournaments in Athens 2004 and Beijing 2008.
/m/01rc6f	The University of Arkansas is a public, co-educational, land-grant, space-grant, research university located in Fayetteville, in the U.S. state of Arkansas. It is the flagship campus of the University of Arkansas System which comprises six main campuses within the state – the University of Arkansas at Little Rock, the University of Arkansas at Monticello, the University of Arkansas at Pine Bluff, the University of Arkansas at Fort Smith, and the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences. Over 25,000 students are enrolled in over 188 undergraduate, graduate, and professional programs. It is classified by the Carnegie Foundation as a research university with very high research activity. Founded as Arkansas Industrial University in 1871, its present name was adopted in 1899 and classes were first held on January 22, 1872. It is noted for its strong architecture, agriculture, business, communication disorders, creative writing, history, law, and Middle Eastern studies programs.\nThe University of Arkansas completed its \"Campaign for the 21st Century\" in 2005, in which the university raised more than $1 billion for the school, used in part to create a new Honors College and significantly increase the university's endowment. Among these gifts were the largest donation given to a business school at the time, and the largest gift given to a public university in America, both given by the Walton Family Charitable Support Foundation.²
/m/01sxq9	Beatrice \"Bebe\" Neuwirth is an American actress, musician and dancer. She has worked in television and is known for her portrayal of Dr. Lilith Sternin, Dr. Frasier Crane's wife, on both the TV sitcom Cheers, and its spin-off Frasier. On stage, she is also known for the role of Nickie in the revival of Sweet Charity, the role of Velma Kelly in the revival of Chicago and for the role of Morticia Addams in The Addams Family musical.
/m/03cxqp5	Paul Soloway was a world champion American bridge player. He won the Bermuda Bowl world team championship five times and won 30 national championships. Soloway was inducted into the American Contract Bridge League's Hall of Fame in 2002. At the time of his death he held 65,511.92 masterpoints – more than any other player in history, and more than 6000 points ahead of second place.
/m/02661h	Anthony Marcus \"Tony\" Shalhoub is an American actor. His television work includes the roles of Antonio Scarpacci in Wings and sleuth Adrian Monk in the TV series Monk, for which he has won three Emmy Awards and a Golden Globe. He has also had a successful career as a character actor, with roles in films such as Spy Kids, Men in Black, Men in Black II, Thirteen Ghosts, Galaxy Quest, 1408, Barton Fink, Big Night, The Siege, Cars, Cars 2, and The Man Who Wasn't There.
/m/06xl8z	Esbjerg forenede Boldklubber also referred to as Esbjerg fB or simply EfB is a professional Danish football club from the port city of Esbjerg in West Jutland. The club was formed in 1924, as a merger between Esbjerg Boldklub af 1898 and Esbjerg Amatørklub af 1911. The club has training facilities and stadium at Gl. Vardevej in Esbjerg, and plays in blue and white striped shirts. Following the departure of long time club player and former head coach Jess Thorup, Niels Frederiksen is the current head coach. Esbjerg fB is one of the more successful clubs in Denmark in terms of trophies. They have won the Danish championship five times and three Danish cup titles.\nThe main sponsor is Syd Energi and the club's kit sponsor is Nike. The official fanclub of Esbjerg fB is Blue Knights.\nIn 2005 EfB took over the management of the elite ice hockey club, Esbjerg Ishockey Klub. Which is now called EfB Ishockey.
/m/04pqqb	Arnon Milchan is an Israeli Hollywood film producer who has produced over 120 full-length motion pictures. Mr. Milchan, a multi-billionaire, was also a former key Israeli intelligence operative from the mid-1960s to the mid-1980s. Milchan's films include The War of the Roses, Once Upon a Time in America, Pretty Woman, Natural Born Killers, Under Siege, The Devil's Advocate, The Fountain, Unfaithful, L.A. Confidential and many others. He is an Israeli citizen, and a resident of Israel.
/m/02p7xc	Frank Skinner is an English writer, comedian, TV and radio presenter and actor.
/m/06cqb	Reggae is a music genre first developed in Jamaica in the late 1960s. While sometimes used in a broad sense to refer to most types of popular Jamaican dance music, the term reggae more properly denotes a particular music style that evolved out of the earlier genres ska and rocksteady.
/m/027571b	The Los Angeles Film Critics Association Award for Best Actress is one of the annual awards given by the Los Angeles Film Critics Association.
/m/0fj52s	The carrot is a root vegetable, usually orange in colour, though purple, red, white, and yellow varieties exist. It has a crisp texture when fresh. The most commonly eaten part of a carrot is a taproot, although the greens are sometimes eaten as well. It is a domesticated form of the wild carrot Daucus carota, native to Europe and southwestern Asia. The domestic carrot has been selectively bred for its greatly enlarged and more palatable, less woody-textured edible taproot. The Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations reports that world production of carrots and turnips for calendar year 2011 was almost 35.658 million tonnes. Almost half were grown in China. Carrots are widely used in many cuisines, especially in the preparation of salads, and carrot salads are a tradition in many regional cuisines.
/m/02qlp4	Lost in Space is a 1998 American science fiction film directed by Stephen Hopkins and starring Gary Oldman and William Hurt. The film was shot in London and Shepperton, and produced by New Line Cinema. The plot is adapted from the 1965–1968 CBS television series Lost in Space. The film focuses on the Robinson family, who undertake a voyage to a nearby star system to begin large-scale emigration from a soon-to-be uninhabitable Earth, but are thrown off course by a saboteur and must try to find their way home.\nSeveral of the actors from the original TV series had cameos in the film.
/m/04rrd	Maryland is a U.S. state located in the Mid-Atlantic region of the United States, bordering Virginia, West Virginia, and Washington, D.C. to its south and west; Pennsylvania to its north; and Delaware to its east. Maryland was the seventh state to ratify the United States Constitution, and has three occasionally used nicknames: the Old Line State, the Free State, and the Chesapeake Bay State.\nMaryland is one of the smallest states in terms of area, as well as one of the most densely populated states of the United States. The state's largest city is Baltimore, and its capital is Annapolis. Although the state is officially claimed to be named after Queen Henrietta Maria, many historians believe Maryland was named after Mary, the mother of Jesus, by George Calvert, 1st Lord Baltimore prior to his death in 1632. The original intent may never be known. Maryland has the highest median household income, making it the wealthiest state in the nation.
/m/0c5qvw	All the King's Men is a 1949 drama film with noir themed overtones set in a political setting directed by Robert Rossen and based on the Robert Penn Warren novel of the same name. The production features Broderick Crawford in the role of the ambitions and sometimes ruthless politician, Willie Stark.
/m/0gg9_5q	Ryan Colin Kavanaugh is an American film producer and film financier. He is the founder and current CEO of Relativity Media. Through Relativity, he has financed more than 200 films representing more than $17 billion in revenue. He is credited as producer of 61 films and known for creating a new \"Moneyball\" model of film finance. He was named by Variety as 2011's \"Showman of the Year\" and one of Fortunes \"40 Under 40\". He was on Forbes's list of wealthiest people, is number 19 on Forbes's 2013 list of youngest billionaires, and he entered an investment partnership with Ron Burkle. He is active in philanthropy and was named a Hollywood Humanitarian by Cedars-Sinai Medical Center.
/m/01lk0l	The Tony Award for Best Revival has only been awarded since 1994. Prior to that, plays and musicals were considered together for the Tony Award for Best Revival. The award is given to the best non-musical play that has appeared on Broadway in a previous production.
/m/063ykwt	The Good Wife is an American television legal and political drama that premiered on CBS on September 22, 2009. The series was created by Robert King and Michelle King. It stars Julianna Margulies, Christine Baranski, Archie Panjabi, Matt Czuchry, and Josh Charles, and features Chris Noth in a recurring role. The current executive producers are Ridley Scott, Charles McDougall, and David W. Zucker. It is a heavily serialized show with season-long story arcs that also features stand alone procedural story lines that will be resolved or concluded by the end of each episode. This is a rarity among The Good Wife's broadcaster CBS as most of their shows are procedural.\nThe Good Wife has received universal critical acclaim. In reviewing the show's fifth season USA Today wrote that The Good Wife is \"TV's best drama, period…if you're not watching, correct that mistake\", while The Atlantic said that the show \"is delivering the best drama on network television\". TIME referred to it as \"the best thing on TV outside cable\". Esquire reviewed The Good Wife as \"The Best Show on Television Right Now\". TV critic Emily Nussbaum of The New Yorker compared Alicia Florrick, the show's protagonist, to Walter White of Breaking Bad. The New York Times says that The Good Wife \"stands out among newer fall shows\" and that it is \"miles ahead of anything else that's on at the moment\".
/m/0df_c	Grenoble is a city in southeastern France, at the foot of the French Alps where the river Drac joins the Isère. Located in the Rhône-Alpes region, Grenoble is the capital of the department of Isère. The proximity of the mountains, as well as its size, has led to the city being known in France as the \"Capital of the Alps\".\nGrenoble's history goes back more than 2,000 years, at a time when it was a small Gallic village. While it gained in stature by becoming the capital of the Dauphiné in the 11th century, Grenoble remained for most of its history a modest parliamentary and garrison city on the borders of the kingdom of France.\nGrenoble grew in importance through its industrial development, the city having experienced several periods of economic expansion in the last centuries. It started with its booming glove industry in the 18th and 19th centuries, continued with the development of a strong hydropower industry in the late 19th to early 20th centuries and ended with its post-World War II economic boom symbolized by the holding of the X Olympic Winter Games in 1968. The city is now a significant scientific centre in Europe.\nThe population of the city of Grenoble at the 2008 census was 156,659. The population of the Grenoble metropolitan area at the 2008 census was 664,832. The residents of the city are called \"Grenoblois\".
/m/048fz	Korea, known as Hanguk in South Korean and Chosŏn in North Korean, is an East Asian territory that is divided into two distinct sovereign states, North Korea and South Korea. Located on the Korean Peninsula, Korea is bordered by China to the northwest and Russia to the northeast. It is separated from Japan to the east by the Korea Strait and the Sea of Japan; it is separated from Taiwan to the south by the East China Sea.\nThe adoption of the Chinese writing system in the 2nd century BC and the introduction of Buddhism in the 4th century AD had profound effects on the Three Kingdoms of Korea, which was first united during the Silla under the King Munmu. The united Silla fell to Goryeo in 935 at the end of the Later Three Kingdoms. Goryeo was a highly cultured state and created the Jikji in the 14th century. The invasions by the Mongolians in the 13th century, however, greatly weakened the nation, which was forced to become a tributary state. After the Mongol Empire's collapse, severe political strife followed. The Ming-allied Joseon emerged supreme in 1388.\nThe first 200 years of Joseon were marked by relative peace and saw the creation of the Korean Hangul alphabet by King Sejong the Great in the 14th century and the increasing influence of Confucianism. During the later part of the dynasty, however, Korea's isolationist policy earned it the Western nickname of the \"Hermit kingdom\". By the late 19th century, the country became the object of the colonial designs by Japan. In 1910, Korea was annexed by Japan and remained a colony until the end of World War II in August 1945.
/m/047sxrj	Onika Tanya Maraj, known by her stage name Nicki Minaj, is an American rapper, singer, songwriter and actress. After success with three mixtapes released between 2007 and 2009, Minaj signed to Young Money Entertainment.\nMinaj's debut studio album Pink Friday peaked at number one on the US Billboard 200 and was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America. Its most successful single \"Super Bass\" was certified 8× platinum and has sold over four million copies, becoming one of the best-selling singles in the United States. During this time, Minaj became the first female solo artist to have seven singles simultaneously charting on the Billboard Hot 100. Her second studio album Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded topped the Billboard 200 and became one of the best-selling albums of that year. Its lead single \"Starships\" peaked at number 5 in the United States and became one of the best-selling singles of 2012. As of 2013, Minaj has sold over 5 million albums globally. Minaj also served as a judge during the twelfth season of American Idol.\nMinaj is the first female artist included on MTV's Annual Hottest MC List, with The New York Times suggesting that some consider her \"the most influential female rapper of all time.\" Her rapping is distinctive for its fast flow, use of alter egos and accents, notably British cockney. Her outlandish and colorful costumes, wigs and clothing have given her recognition as a fashion icon. In April 2013, Minaj became the most-charted female rapper in the history of the Billboard Hot 100, with over forty-four appearances. She has endorsed Adidas, MAC Cosmetics, and Pepsi. Revisiting her roots in drama, Minaj has ventured into work as a voice actress in Ice Age: Continental Drift and will be making her acting debut in the 2014 film The Other Woman. She has earned seven BET Awards, four American Music Awards, two MTV Music Awards, an MTV Europe Music Award, five Billboard Music Awards and Billboard's 2011 Rising Star.
/m/02kd8zw	Arachidonic acid is a polyunsaturated omega-6 fatty acid 20:4. It is the counterpart to the saturated arachidic acid found in peanut oil,
/m/02gnmp	California State University, Los Angeles is a public comprehensive university, part of the 23 campus California State University system. The campus is located in the eastern region of Los Angeles, California, United States, in the University Hills district, facing the San Gabriel Mountains, at the center of Los Angeles metropolitan area just five miles east of Downtown Los Angeles.\nCSULA offers 129 types of Bachelor's degrees, 112 different Master's degrees, 3 Doctoral degrees including a Ph.D. in special education, Doctor of Education, Doctor of Nursing Practice and 22 teaching credentials.
/m/08yh93	For-profit education refers to educational institutions operated by private, profit-seeking businesses.\nThere are three types of for-profit schools. One type is known as an educational management organization, and these are primary and secondary educational institutions. EMOs work with school districts or charter schools, using public funds to finance operations. The majority of for-profit schools in the K–12 sector in America function as EMOs, and have grown in number in the mid-2000s. The other major category of for-profit schools are post-secondary institutions which operate as businesses, receiving fees from each student they enroll. A third type of for-profit schools, which is less prevalent in the United States, are K–12 schools which operate as businesses.\nEMOs function differently from charter schools created in order to carry out a particular teaching pedagogy; most charter schools are mission-oriented, while EMOs and other for-profit institutions are market-oriented. While supporters argue that the profit motive encourages efficiency, this arrangement has also drawn controversy and criticism. Kevin Carey, director of the education policy program of the New American Foundation said in a 2010 column in The Chronicle of Higher Education that \"For-profits exist in large part to fix educational market failures left by traditional institutions, and they profit by serving students that public and private nonprofit institutions too often ignore.\" He also noted that \"There's no doubt that the worst for-profits are ruthlessly exploiting the commodified college degree. But they didn't commodify it in the first place.\"
/m/0rs6x	St. Augustine is a city in Northeast Florida and the oldest continuously occupied European-established settlement and port in the continental United States. The county seat of St. Johns County, it is part of Florida's First Coast region and the Jacksonville metropolitan area. According to the 2010 census, the city population was 12,975. The St Augustine Urban Area has a population of 69,173.\nSan Agustín was founded in September 1565 by Spanish admiral Pedro Menéndez de Avilés, and subsequently served as the capital of Spanish Florida for two hundred years. It remained the capital of East Florida as the territory changed hands between the Spanish and British, and remained the capital of the Florida Territory until it was moved to Tallahassee in 1824. Since the late 19th century, its historical character has made the city a major tourist attraction. It is the headquarters for the Florida National Guard.
/m/05qqm	Polish is a language of the Lechitic subgroup of West Slavic languages, used throughout Poland and by Polish minorities in other countries. Its written standard is the Polish alphabet, which has several additions to the letters of the basic Latin script.\nDespite the pressure of non-Polish administrations in Poland resulting from Partitions of Poland, who often attempted to suppress the Polish language, a rich literature has developed over the centuries, and the language is currently the largest, in terms of speakers, of the West Slavic group. It is also the second most widely spoken Slavic language, after Russian and ahead of Ukrainian.
/m/037s5h	Lee Majors is an American television, film and voice actor, best known for his roles as Heath Barkley in the TV series The Big Valley, as Colonel Steve Austin in The Six Million Dollar Man and as Colt Seavers in The Fall Guy.\nIn the late 1980s and 1990s, he reprised the role of Steve Austin in a number of TV movies, and appeared in a number of supporting, recurring and cameo roles in feature films and TV series, and lent his voice to a number of animated TV series and video games.
/m/06w839_	Ice Age is a 2002 American computer-animated comedy-drama adventure film produced by Blue Sky Studios and distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was directed by Carlos Saldanha and Chris Wedge from a story by Michael J. Wilson. The film stars Ray Romano, John Leguizamo, and Denis Leary and was nominated at the 75th Academy Awards for best animated feature.\nThe film was met with mostly positive reviews and was a box office success, starting a series with three sequels, Ice Age: The Meltdown, Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs, and Ice Age: Continental Drift.
/m/02lyr4	An outfielder is a person playing in one of the three defensive positions in baseball, farthest from the batter. These defenders are the left fielder, the center fielder, and the right fielder. An outfielder's duty is to try to catch long fly balls before they hit the ground or to quickly catch or retrieve and return to the infield any other balls entering the outfield. Outfielders normally play behind the six other members of the defense who play in or near the infield.\nBy convention, each of the nine defensive positions in baseball is numbered. The outfield positions are 7, 8 and 9. These numbers are shorthand designations useful in baseball scorekeeping and are not necessarily the same as the squad numbers worn on player uniforms.\nOutfielders named to the MLB All-Century Team are Hank Aaron, Ty Cobb, Joe DiMaggio, Mickey Mantle, Willie Mays, Stan Musial, Pete Rose, Babe Ruth, Ted Williams and Ken Griffey Jr..
/m/0577d	Magdeburg, is the capital city of the Bundesland of Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. Magdeburg is situated on the Elbe River and was one of the most important medieval cities of Europe.\nEmperor Otto I, the first Holy Roman Emperor, lived for most of his reign in the town and was buried in the cathedral after his death. Magdeburg's version of German town law, known as Magdeburg rights, spread throughout Central and Eastern Europe. The city is also well known for the 1631 Sack of Magdeburg, which hardened Protestant resistance during the Thirty Years' War. Magdeburg was destroyed twice in its history.\nMagdeburg is the site of two universities, the Otto-von-Guericke University and the Magdeburg-Stendal University of Applied Sciences.\nNowadays Magdeburg is a traffic junction as well as an industrial and trading centre. The production of chemical products, steel, paper and textiles are of particular economic significance, along with mechanical engineering and plant engineering, ecotechnology and life-cycle management, health management and logistics.\nIn 2005 Magdeburg celebrated its 1200th anniversary.
/m/02rchht	Jonathan Michael Avnet, better known as Jon Avnet, is an American director, writer and producer.
/m/04vs9	Mauritius, officially the Republic of Mauritius, is an island nation in the Indian Ocean about 2,000 kilometres off the southeast coast of the African continent. The country includes the islands of Mauritius, Rodrigues, the islands of Agalega and the archipelago Saint Brandon. Mauritius claims sovereignty over the Chagos Archipelago situated 1,287 kilometres to the north east; the United Kingdom excised the archipelago from Mauritian territory prior to Mauritius' independence and gradually depopulated it. The islands of Mauritius, Rodrigues and Réunion, 170 km south west, form part of the Mascarene Islands. The area of the country is 2040 km². Its capital is Port Louis.\nThe first Portuguese explorers found no indigenous people living on the island in 1507. The Dutch settled on the island in 1638 and abandoned it in 1710. Five years later, the island became a French colony and was renamed Isle de France. The British took control of Mauritius in 1810 during the Napoleonic Wars. The country remained under British rule until it became an independent Commonwealth realm on 12 March 1968 and a republic within the Commonwealth on 12 March 1992.
/m/01f2q5	The Roots are an American Grammy Award-winning hip hop/neo soul band, formed in 1987 by Tariq \"Black Thought\" Trotter and Ahmir \"Questlove\" Thompson, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States. The Roots are known for their jazzy, eclectic approach to hip hop which includes live instruments. Malik B., Leonard \"Hub\", and Josh Abrams were added to the band, originally called the Square Roots.\nSince their first independent album release, the band has released 10 studio albums, two EPs, and two collaboration albums, and has collaborated with a wide range of artists from different genres. The Roots served as the house band on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon from 2009 to 2014, and on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon since 2014. The Roots' work has been repeatedly met with critical acclaim. About.com ranked the band #7 on its list of the 25 Best Hip Hop Groups of All-Time, describing them as \"Hip hop's first legitimate band.\"
/m/01fmy9	The Second French Empire was the Imperial Bonapartist regime of Napoleon III from 1852 to 1870, between the Second Republic and the Third Republic, in France.
/m/054g1r	Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures is an American motion picture distribution division owned by The Walt Disney Company.\nEstablished in 1953 as Buena Vista Distribution Company, the unit handles distribution and marketing for films produced by the Walt Disney Studios; including Walt Disney Pictures, Touchstone Pictures, Disneynature and, since 2012 and 2015, Marvel Studios—which is a part of Disney's subsidiary, Marvel Entertainment—and Lucasfilm.\nThe division took on its current name in 2007, which before that had been Buena Vista Pictures Distribution since 1987.
/m/0frm7n	The Penn State Nittany Lions football team represents the Pennsylvania State University in the National Collegiate Athletic Association Division I Football Bowl Subdivision as a member of the Big Ten Conference. Penn State has played all home games at Beaver Stadium since 1960 and is currently coached by James Franklin.
/m/0czyxs	Watchmen is a 2009 American superhero film directed by Zack Snyder and starring an ensemble cast of Malin Åkerman, Billy Crudup, Matthew Goode, Jackie Earle Haley, Jeffrey Dean Morgan, and Patrick Wilson. It is an adaptation of the comic book of the same name by Alan Moore and Dave Gibbons. The film is set in an alternate history in 1985 at the height of the Cold War between the United States and the Soviet Union, as a group of mostly retired vigilantes investigates an apparent conspiracy against them and uncovers something even more grandiose and sinister.\nFollowing publication of the Watchmen comic, a live-action film adaptation was mired in development hell. Producer Lawrence Gordon began developing the project at 20th Century Fox and Warner Bros. with producer Joel Silver and director Terry Gilliam, the latter eventually deeming the complex novel \"un-filmable.\" During the 2000s, Gordon and Lloyd Levin collaborated with Universal Studios and Paramount Pictures to produce a script by David Hayter; Darren Aronofsky and Paul Greengrass were also attached to the project before it was canceled over budget disputes. The project returned to Warner Bros., where Snyder was hired to direct – Paramount remained as international distributor. Fox sued Warner Bros. for copyright violation arising from Gordon's failure to pay a buy-out in 1991, which enabled him to develop the film at the other studios. Fox and Warner Bros. settled this before the film's release with Fox receiving a portion of the gross. Principal photography began in Vancouver, September 2007. As with his previous film 300, Snyder closely modeled his storyboards on the comic, but chose not to shoot all of Watchmen using chroma key and opted for more sets.
/m/01hw5kk	Willow is a 1988 American fantasy film directed by Ron Howard, produced and with a story by George Lucas, and starring Warwick Davis, Val Kilmer, Joanne Whalley, Jean Marsh, and Billy Barty. Davis plays the eponymous lead character and hero: a reluctant farmer who plays a critical role in protecting a special baby from a tyrannical queen in a sword and sorcery setting.\nLucas conceived the idea for Willow in 1972, approaching Howard to direct during the post-production phase of Cocoon in 1985. Lucas believed he and Howard shared a relationship similar to the one Lucas enjoyed with Steven Spielberg. Bob Dolman was brought in to write the screenplay, coming up with seven drafts before finishing in late 1986. Willow was then set up at Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and principal photography began in April 1987, finishing the following October.\nThe majority of filming took place at Elstree Studios in Hertfordshire, England, as well as Wales and New Zealand. Industrial Light & Magic created the visual effects sequences, which led to a revolutionary breakthrough with digital morphing technology. Willow was released in 1988 to mixed reviews from critics, but was a modest financial success and received two Academy Award nominations.
/m/0fzs6w	Carolina RailHawks is an American professional soccer team based in Cary, North Carolina, United States. Founded in 2006, the team plays in the North American Soccer League, the second tier of the American Soccer Pyramid.\nThe team plays its home games at WakeMed Soccer Park, where they have played since 2007. The team's colors are orange, white and blue. Their current head coach is Colin Clarke.\nThe club is owned by Traffic Sports USA.
/m/0dv1hh	Leon Terence Anthony Cort is a professional footballer who plays for Charlton Athletic as a defender. He is of Guyanese descent and is the younger brother of Carl Cort.
/m/04cf09	Christopher David \"Chris\" Noth is an American actor. He is known for long-running television roles as Det. Mike Logan on the police procedural and legal drama television series, Law & Order and Law & Order: Criminal Intent, and as Mr. Big on Sex and the City. For the latter role, he has been nominated for a Golden Globe Award. As of 2013, he is a star of the CBS drama series The Good Wife, for which he was also nominated for a Golden Globe.
/m/0d2t4g	Philippine Standard Time, and informally Juan Time, is the official name for the time in the Philippines. The country only uses one time zone, and for a short period also used daylight saving time as an emergency measure.
/m/05v10	Paraguay, officially the Republic of Paraguay, is a landlocked country in South America, bordered by Argentina to the south and southwest, Brazil to the east and northeast, and Bolivia to the northwest. Paraguay lies on both banks of the Paraguay River, which runs through the center of the country from north to south. Due to its central location in South America, it is sometimes referred to as Corazón de América.\nThe indigenous Guaraní had been living in Paraguay for at least a millennium before the Spanish conquered the territory in the 16th century. Spanish settlers and Jesuit missions introduced Christianity and Spanish culture to the region. Paraguay was on the periphery of Spain's colonial empire, with few urban centers and a sparse population. Following independence from Spain in 1811, Paraguay was ruled by a series of dictators who implemented isolationist and protectionist policies.\nThis development was truncated by the disastrous Paraguayan War, in which the country lost 60 percent to 70 percent of its population through war and disease, and about 140,000 square kilometers of territory to Argentina and Brazil. Through the 20th century, Paraguay continued to endure a succession of authoritarian governments, culminating in the regime of Alfredo Stroessner, who led South America's longest-lived military dictatorship from 1954 to 1989. He was toppled in an internal military coup, and free multi-party elections were organized and held for the first time in 1993. A year later, Paraguay joined Argentina, Brazil and Uruguay to found Mercosur, a regional economic collaborative.
/m/0kqb0	Greater Manchester is a metropolitan county in North West England, with a population of 2.7 million. It encompasses one of the largest metropolitan areas in the United Kingdom and comprises ten metropolitan boroughs: Bolton, Bury, Oldham, Rochdale, Stockport, Tameside, Trafford, Wigan, and the cities of Manchester and Salford. Greater Manchester was created on 1 April 1974 as a result of the Local Government Act 1972; and designated a Statutory City Region on 1 April 2011.\nGreater Manchester spans 493 square miles, which roughly covers the territory of the Greater Manchester Built-up Area, the second most populous conurbation in the UK. It is landlocked and borders Cheshire, Derbyshire, West Yorkshire, Lancashire and Merseyside. There is a mix of high-density urban areas, suburbs, semi-rural and rural locations in Greater Manchester, but land use is mostly urban — the product of concentric urbanisation and industrialisation which occurred mostly during the 19th century when the region flourished as the global centre of the cotton industry. It has a focused central business district, formed by Manchester city centre and the adjoining parts of Salford and Trafford, but Greater Manchester is also a polycentric county with ten metropolitan districts, each of which has at least one major town centre and outlying suburbs.
/m/01z9v6	In baseball, the pitcher is the player who throws the baseball from the pitcher's mound toward the catcher to begin each play, with the goal of retiring a batter, who attempts to either make contact with the pitched ball or draw a walk. In the numbering system used to record defensive plays, the pitcher is assigned the number 1. Traditionally, the pitcher also bats. Starting in 1973 with the American League and spreading throughout the 1980s and 1990s, the hitting duties of the pitcher have generally been given over to the position of designated hitter, a cause of some controversy. The National League in Major League Baseball and the Japanese Central League are among the remaining leagues which have not adopted the designated hitter position.
/m/0jrqq	Manoj Shyamalan, known professionally as M. Night Shyamalan, is an American screenwriter, film director, and producer known for making movies with contemporary supernatural plots including The Sixth Sense, Unbreakable, Signs, The Village and The Happening. He is also known for filming and setting his movies in and around Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, where he was raised.\nMost of Shyamalan's commercially successful films were co-produced and released by the Walt Disney Studios' Touchstone and Hollywood film imprints.\nIn 2008, Shyamalan was awarded the Padma Shri by the government of India.
/m/011xy1	Trinity College, formally known as the College of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Queen Elizabeth near Dublin, is the sole constituent college of the University of Dublin in Ireland. The college was founded in 1592 as the \"mother\" of a new university, modelled after the collegiate universities of Oxford and of Cambridge, but, unlike these, only one college was ever established; as such, the designations \"Trinity College\" and \"University of Dublin\" are usually synonymous for practical purposes. It is one of the seven ancient universities of Britain and Ireland, as well as Ireland's oldest university.\nOriginally established outside the city walls of Dublin in the buildings of the dissolved Augustinian Priory of All Hallows, Trinity College was set up in part to consolidate the rule of the Tudor monarchy in Ireland, and it was seen as the university of the Protestant Ascendancy for much of its history. Although Catholics and Dissenters had been permitted to enter as early as 1793, certain restrictions on their membership of the college remained until 1873, and the Catholic Church in Ireland forbade its adherents, without permission from their bishop, from attending until 1970. Women were first admitted to the college as full members in 1904.²
/m/05m63c	Krista Allen is an American actress. She is best known for her work in the television series Emmanuelle in Space, Days of Our Lives, and Baywatch Hawaii, and in the Hollywood films Liar Liar, Confessions of a Dangerous Mind, Anger Management, and The Final Destination.
/m/09krp	Hesse or Hessia is both a cultural region of Germany and the name of an individual German state.\nThe cultural region of Hesse includes both the State of Hesse and the area known as Rhenish Hesse in the neighbouring Rhineland-Palatinate state. The oldest city of the cultural region of Hesse, Mainz, is in Rhineland-Palatinate.\nThe State of Hesse is part of the larger cultural region. It has an area of 21,110 km² and just over six million inhabitants. The capital is Wiesbaden. Hesse's largest city is Frankfurt am Main.\nThe English name \"Hesse\" comes from the Hessian dialects. The variant \"Hessia\" comes from the medieval Latin Hassia. The German term Hessen is used by the European Commission because their policy is to leave regional names untranslated. The term \"Hesse\" ultimately derives from a Germanic tribe called the Chatti, who settled in the region in the first century B.C.\nAn inhabitant of Hesse is called a Hessian. Hessian mercenaries played a prominent role in the American War of Independence.
/m/01vcnl	Maccabi Haifa Football Club is an Israeli professional football club, based in Kiryat Eliezer, City of Haifa, a section of Maccabi Haifa sports club. that plays in the Israeli Premier League. Founded in 1913. Maccabi Haifa is one of four clubs in the \"Big Four\" in Israeli football. have won 12 League titles, 5 State Cups and 4 Toto Cups. Maccabi has won the championship and the cup in the same season one time, and was the First Israeli club to qualify for the group stage of the UEFA Champions League.
/m/0bs1yy	John Ottman is an American film editor, composer and director.\nHe is best known for his collaborations with film director Bryan Singer, acting as film editor and composing the scores for The Usual Suspects, Apt Pupil, X2: X-Men United, Superman Returns, Valkyrie and most recently Jack The Giant Slayer. Ottman will work with Singer again in X-Men: Days of Future Past. He performed both duties in addition to directing the horror film Urban Legends: Final Cut. He won a BAFTA award for his editing of The Usual Suspects.\nOttman also scored the 2005 superhero movie Fantastic Four and its sequel, Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer. He modified John Carpenter's original Halloween theme for the sequel Halloween H20: 20 Years Later, and worked on the 2007 film The Invasion, starring Nicole Kidman and Daniel Craig. In addition, he provided the music for the 2005 remake of House of Wax as well as Snow White: A Tale of Terror and Astro Boy. \"Tricks of the Trade\" from Incognito was sampled on Aaliyah's \"We Need a Resolution\".\nOttman graduated from the School of Cinematic Arts of the University of Southern California in 1988. One of his first assignments was to provide original music for the computer game I Have No Mouth, and I Must Scream. In 2007, Ottman appeared in the documentary Finding Kraftland for his agent Richard Kraft.
/m/0jnmj	The Edmonton Oilers are a professional ice hockey team based in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada. They are members of the Pacific Division of the Western Conference of the National Hockey League.\nThe Oilers were founded on November 1, 1971, with the team playing its first season in 1972, as one of twelve founding franchises of the major professional World Hockey Association. They were originally intended to be one of two WHA teams in Alberta. However, when the Broncos relocated to Cleveland, Ohio, before the WHA's first season began, the Oilers were renamed the Alberta Oilers. They returned to using the Edmonton Oilers name for the following year, and have been called that ever since. The Oilers subsequently joined the NHL in 1979, as one of four franchises introduced through the NHL merger with the WHA.\nAfter joining the NHL, the Oilers went on to win the Stanley Cup on five occasions: 1983–84, 1984–85, 1986–87, 1987–88 and 1989–90. For their success in the 1980s, the Oilers team of this era has been honoured with dynasty status by the Hockey Hall of Fame.
/m/04t36	The musical film is a film genre in which songs sung by the characters are interwoven into the narrative, sometimes accompanied by dancing. The songs usually advance the plot or develop the film's characters, though in some cases they serve merely as breaks in the storyline, often as elaborate \"production numbers\".\nThe musical film was a natural development of the stage musical after the emergence of sound film technology. Typically, the biggest difference between film and stage musicals is the use of lavish background scenery and locations that would be impractical in a theater. Musical films characteristically contain elements reminiscent of theater; performers often treat their song and dance numbers as if there is a live audience watching. In a sense, the viewer becomes the diegetic audience, as the performer looks directly into the camera and performs to it.
/m/07myb2	Kerry Marisa Washington is an American actress.\nSince 2012, Washington has starred in the ABC drama Scandal, a Shonda Rhimes series in which Washington plays Olivia Pope, a former crisis management expert to the President. In 2013, her role earned her Primetime Emmy Award, Screen Actors Guild Award and Golden Globe Award nominations.\nWashington is known for her roles as Ray Charles's wife, Della Bea Robinson, in the film Ray, as Idi Amin's wife Kay in The Last King of Scotland, as Alicia Masters, love interest of Ben Grimm/The Thing in the live-action Fantastic Four films of 2005 and 2007, and as Broomhilda von Schaft, Django's wife, in Quentin Tarantino's film Django Unchained. She has also starred in the critically acclaimed independent films Our Song, The Dead Girl, and Night Catches Us.
/m/02cg7g	The One Hundred First United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, composed of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, DC from January 3, 1989 to January 3, 1991, during the first two years of the administration of U.S. President George H. W. Bush.\nThe apportionment of seats in this House of Representatives was based on the Twentieth Census of the United States in 1980. Both chambers had a Democratic majority.
/m/02_340	Fisher Stevens is an American actor, director and producer. His most recent successes include the 2010 Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature for his film The Cove and 2008 Independent Spirit Award for Best Documentary Feature for his film Crazy Love.
/m/02kgb7	A Playmate is a female model featured in the centerfold/gatefold of Playboy magazine as Playmate of the Month. The PMOM's pictorial includes nude photographs and a centerfold poster, along with a pictorial biography and the \"Playmate Data Sheet\", which lists her birthdate, measurements, turn-ons, and turn-offs. At the end of the year, one of the twelve Playmates of the Month is named Playmate of the Year. Currently, Playmates of the Month are paid US$25,000 and Playmates of the Year receive an additional US$100,000 plus a car and a motorcycle. In addition, Anniversary Playmates are usually chosen to celebrate a milestone year of the magazine.\nPlayboy encourages potential Playmates to send photos with \"girl next door\" appeal for consideration; others may submit photos of Playmate candidates, and may be eligible for a finder's fee if their model is selected. In addition, \"casting calls\" are held regularly in major US cities to offer opportunities for women to test for Playboy. The Playboy photographers and Hugh Hefner then select which models become Playmates. The Playmate of the Year is chosen personally by Hugh Hefner, taking into account an annual readers' poll.\nAccording to Playboy, there is no such thing as a former Playmate because “Once a Playmate, always a Playmate”.
/m/081yw	Washington is a state in the Pacific Northwest region of the United States located north of Oregon, west of Idaho, and south of the Canadian province of British Columbia on the coast of the Pacific Ocean. Named after George Washington, the first President of the United States, the state was made out of the western part of the Washington Territory which had been ceded by Britain in 1846 by the Oregon Treaty as a settlement of the Oregon Boundary Dispute. It was admitted to the Union as the 42nd state in 1889.\nWashington is the 18th most extensive and the 13th most populous of the 50 United States. Approximately 60 percent of Washington's residents live in the Seattle metropolitan area, the center of transportation, business, and industry along the Puget Sound region of the Salish Sea, an inlet of the Pacific consisting of numerous islands, deep fjords, and bays carved out by glaciers. The remainder of the state consists of deep rainforests in the west, mountain ranges in the west, central, northeast and far southeast, and a semi-arid basin region in the east, central, and south, given over to intensive agriculture. After California, Washington is the second most populous state on the West Coast and in the Western United States.
/m/0dhml	Frederick is the county seat of Frederick County, the largest county by area in the U.S. state of Maryland. Frederick is a community of the Washington-Arlington-Alexandria, DC-VA-MD-WV Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is part of a greater Washington-Baltimore-Northern Virginia, DC-MD-VA-WV Combined Statistical Area. The city's population was 65,239 people at the 2010 United States Census, making it the second-largest incorporated city in Maryland, behind only Baltimore.\nFrederick is home to Frederick Municipal Airport, which primarily accommodates general aviation traffic, and to the U.S. Army's Fort Detrick military installation, the largest employer in the county focusing on multiple bioscience and communications programs.
/m/02w70	Fredericton is the capital of the Canadian province of New Brunswick. The city is situated in the west-central portion of the province and is one of the main urban centres in New Brunswick. The Saint John River flows west to east as it bisects the city and provides the dominant natural feature for the municipality. In the 2011 census, the city's population was 56,224, making it the third largest city in the province after Saint John and Moncton.\nAn important cultural, artistic, and educational centre for the province, Fredericton is home to two universities, the New Brunswick College of Craft & Design, and cultural institutions such as the Beaverbrook Art Gallery, the York Sunbury Museum, and The Playhouse—a performing arts venue. The city hosts the annual Harvest Jazz & Blues Festival, attracting regional and international jazz, blues, rock, and world artists. The Nashwaak Music Fest is held annually 20 km North of the city at Nashwaak Bridge. Country, Country Rock, Folk and Roots.\nAs a provincial capital, its economy is inextricably tied to the fortunes of the public sector; however, the city also contains a growing IT and commercial sector. The city has the highest percentage of residents with a post-secondary education in the province and one of the highest per capita incomes.
/m/02756j	Kareena Kapoor, also known as Kareena Kapoor Khan, is an Indian actress who appears in Bollywood films. She is the daughter of actors Randhir Kapoor and Babita, and the younger sister of actress Karisma Kapoor. Noted for playing a variety of characters in a range of film genres—from contemporary romantic comedies to crime dramas—Kapoor has received six Filmfare Awards, and has established herself as one of Bollywood's highest-paid actresses.\nAfter making her acting debut in the 2000 war drama Refugee, Kapoor established herself as a leading actress of Hindi cinema in 2001 with roles in the historical drama Aśoka and the blockbuster melodrama Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham.... This initial success was followed by a series of commercial failures and repetitive roles, which garnered her negative reviews. The year 2004 marked a turning point for her when she played against type in the role of a sex worker in the drama Chameli. She subsequently earned wide critical recognition for her portrayal of a riot victim in the 2004 drama Dev and a character based on William Shakespeare's heroine Desdemona in the 2006 crime film Omkara, following which she received the Filmfare Award for Best Actress for her performance in the 2007 romantic comedy Jab We Met. Kapoor achieved further success by featuring as the female lead in four of India's top-grossing productions—the 2009 dramedy 3 Idiots, the 2010 comedy Golmaal 3, the 2011 romantic drama Bodyguard, and the 2011 science fiction Ra.One—and received praise for her roles in the 2009 thriller Kurbaan and the 2012 drama Heroine.
/m/07vj4v	ABS-CBN Film Productions, Inc., is a Filipino film and television production company, a film distributor, and the country's largest film production company that produces most of the highest grossing Filipino films of all time.
/m/01f62	Barcelona is the capital city of the autonomous community of Catalonia in Spain, and the second largest city in the country, with a population of 1,620,943 within its administrative limits. The urban area of Barcelona extends beyond the administrative city limits with a population of around 4.5 million, being the sixth-most populous urban area in the European Union after Paris, London, the Ruhr, Madrid and Milan. About five million people live in the Barcelona metropolitan area. It is the largest metropolis on the Mediterranean Sea, located on the coast between the mouths of the rivers Llobregat and Besòs, and bounded to the west by the Serra de Collserola mountain range, the tallest peak of which is 512 metres high.\nFounded as a Roman city, in the Middle Ages Barcelona became the capital of the County of Barcelona. After merging with the Kingdom of Aragon, Barcelona continued to be an important city in the Crown of Aragon. Besieged several times during its history, Barcelona has a rich cultural heritage and is today an important cultural centre and a major tourist destination. Particularly renowned are the architectural works of Antoni Gaudí and Lluís Domènech i Montaner, which have been designated UNESCO World Heritage Sites. The headquarters of the Union for the Mediterranean is located in Barcelona. The city is known for hosting the 1992 Summer Olympics as well as world-class conferences and expositions and also many international sport tournaments.
/m/0jnm_	The Calgary Flames are a professional ice hockey team based in Calgary, Alberta, Canada. They are members of the Pacific Division of the Western Conference of the National Hockey League. The club is the third major-professional ice hockey team to represent the city of Calgary, following the Calgary Tigers and Calgary Cowboys. The Flames are one of two NHL franchises in Alberta, the other being the Edmonton Oilers. The cities' proximity has led to a rivalry known as the Battle of Alberta. Games between the teams are often heated events.\nThe team was founded in 1972 in Atlanta, Georgia as the Atlanta Flames until relocating to Calgary in 1980. The Flames played their first three seasons in Calgary at the Stampede Corral before moving into their current home arena, the Scotiabank Saddledome, in 1983. In 1985–86, the Flames became the first Calgary team since the 1923–24 Tigers to compete for the Stanley Cup. In 1988–89, the Flames won their first and only championship. The Flames' unexpected run to the 2004 Stanley Cup Finals gave rise to the Red Mile, and in 2011 the team hosted and won the second Heritage Classic outdoor game.
/m/07hbxm	Joanna Louise Page is a Welsh actress, best known for her role as Stacey in the BAFTA-winning television series Gavin & Stacey.
/m/02x4wr9	The Film Independent's Spirit Award for Best Director is one of the annual Independent Spirit Awards.
/m/02v0ff	Albert Lincoln \"Al\" Roker, Jr. is an American television weather forecaster as well as an actor and book author. He is best known as being the weather anchor on NBC's Today. On Monday, July 20, 2009, he began co-hosting his morning show, Wake Up with Al, on The Weather Channel, which airs weekdays from 5:30 to 7 am ET one hour and half earlier than Today. Roker also appears occasionally on NBC Nightly News. He holds an expired American Meteorological Society Television Seal, #238. Writing with Dick Lochte, Roker began a series of murder mysteries in 2009 that feature Billy Blessing, a celebrity chef turned amateur detective. The second book in the series, The Midnight Show Murders, was nominated for a 2011 Nero Award.
/m/016h5l	Kensal Green Cemetery is a cemetery in Kensal Green, in the west of London, England, in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea. Inspired by the Père Lachaise Cemetery in Paris and founded by the barrister George Frederick Carden, Kensal Green Cemetery was opened in 1833 and comprises 72 acres of grounds, including two conservation areas, adjoining a canal. Kensal Green Cemetery is home to at least 33 species of bird and other wildlife. This distinctive cemetery has a host of different of memorials ranging from large mausoleums housing the rich and famous to many distinctive smaller graves and even includes special areas dedicated to the very young. With three chapels catering for people of all faiths and social standing, the General Cemetery Company has provided a haven in the heart of London for 180 years for its inhabitants to remember their loved one in a tranquil and dignified environment. It was immortalised in the lines of G. K. Chesterton's poem The Rolling English Road from his book The Flying Inn: \"For there is good news yet to hear and fine things to be seen; Before we go to Paradise by way of Kensal Green.\"
/m/03f1zhf	Gene Simmons is an Israeli-born American rock bass guitarist, singer-songwriter, record producer, entrepreneur, and actor. Known by his stage persona The Demon, he is the bass guitarist/co-lead vocalist of Kiss, a rock band he co-founded in the early 1970s. With Kiss, Simmons has sold more than 100 million albums worldwide.
/m/06ltr	Robbie Coltrane, OBE is a Scottish actor, comedian and author. He is known for his roles as Rubeus Hagrid in the Harry Potter films, as Valentin Dmitrovich Zukovsky in the James Bond films GoldenEye and The World Is Not Enough and as Dr. Eddie \"Fitz\" Fitzgerald in the British TV series Cracker during the 1990s.
/m/07wj1	The Department of the Air Force is one of the three Military Departments within the Department of Defense of the United States of America. The Department of the Air Force was formed on September 18, 1947, per the National Security Act of 1947 and it includes all elements and units of the United States Air Force.\nThe Department of the Air Force is headed by the Secretary of the Air Force, a civilian, who has the authority to conduct all of its affairs, subject to the authority, direction and control of the Secretary of Defense. The Secretary of the Air Force's principal deputy is the Under Secretary of the Air Force. Their senior staff assistants in the Office of the Secretary of the Air Force are four Assistant Secretaries for Acquisition, Financial Management & Comptroller, Installations, Environment & Logistics, Manpower & Reserve Affairs and a General Counsel. The highest-ranking military officer in the department is the Chief of Staff of the Air Force who is the senior uniformed adviser to the Secretary, represents the Air Force on the Joint Chiefs of Staff, heads the Air Staff and is assisted in the latter capacity by the Vice Chief of Staff of the Air Force.
/m/09hyvp	Football Club Metalurh Zaporizhya is a Ukrainian professional football club based in Zaporizhya.
/m/0b76t12	\"Kate (Catherine Keener) and Alex (Oliver Platt), a married couple who run a successful business reselling estate-sale furniture, live in Manhattan with their teenage daughter, Abby. Wanting to expand their two-bedroom apartment, they buy the unit next door, planning to knock the walls out. However, before doing so, they have to wait for the occupant, Andra, a cranky elderly woman, to die. The wait becomes complicated when the family develops relationships with Andra and her two grown granddaughters.\n\nNicole Holofcener infuses her story of love, death, and liberal guilt with a rare balance of humor and complexity that stems from her uncanny ability to understand people—their motivations, interactions, and contradictions. Her characters go to great pains to navigate a world of moral confusion; we want to feel good about ourselves, but we never feel quite good enough. In avoiding judgment, she offers a funny and philosophical reflection on the give and take of modern life.\"\nQuoting the description from the 2010 Sundance Film Festival site
/m/032jlh	The Swiss national football team is the national football team of Switzerland. The team is controlled by the Swiss Football Association.\nThe team's logo, ASF-SFV, represents the Swiss Football Association's initials in Switzerland's official languages: ASF represents both French and Italian, and SFV is German. In Romansh, the association is abbreviated as ASB.\nIts best performances in the World Cup have been reaching the quarter-finals three times, in 1934, 1938 and when the country hosted the event in 1954. Switzerland also won silver at the 1924 Olympics. The youth teams have been more successful, winning the 2002 U-17 European Championship and the 2009 U-17 World Cup.\nIn 2006, Switzerland set a FIFA World Cup record by being eliminated from the competition despite not conceding a goal, losing to Ukraine in a penalty shootout in the last 16, by failing to score a single penalty – becoming the first national team in Cup history to do this. They would not concede a goal until their second group stage game in the 2010 FIFA World Cup, giving up a goal in the 74th minute against Chile, setting a World Cup Finals record for consecutive minutes without conceding a goal.
/m/0n048	South Yorkshire is a metropolitan county in the Yorkshire and the Humber region of England. It has a population of 1.34 million. It consists of four metropolitan boroughs: Barnsley, Doncaster, Rotherham and Sheffield. South Yorkshire was created on 1 April 1974 as a result of the Local Government Act 1972.\nLying on the east side of the Pennines, South Yorkshire is landlocked, and borders Derbyshire, West Yorkshire, North Yorkshire, the East Riding of Yorkshire, Lincolnshire and Nottinghamshire. The Sheffield Urban Area is the ninth most populous conurbation in the UK, and dominates the western half of South Yorkshire with over half of the county's population living within it.\nSouth Yorkshire County Council was abolished in 1986, and so its districts are now effectively unitary authority areas; however, the metropolitan county, which is some 1,552 square kilometres, continues to exist in law and as a geographic frame of reference. As a ceremonial county, South Yorkshire has a Lord Lieutenant and a High Sheriff.
/m/0ff0x	Steuben County is a county located in the U.S. state of New York. As of the 2010 census, the population was 98,990. Its name is in honor of Baron von Steuben, a German general who fought on the American side in the American Revolutionary War, though it is not pronounced the same. Its county seat is Bath.
/m/0gr69	Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers are an American rock band from Gainesville, Florida. They were formed in 1976 by Tom Petty, the band's primary vocalist and guitar player, and also consisted of Mike Campbell as the lead guitarist, Ron Blair on bass, Stan Lynch on drums, and Benmont Tench on keyboards. Line-up changes have been few and far between, with Howie Epstein being the bassist from 1982 to 2002 when Blair tired of the touring lifestyle, only to replace Epstein again in 2002 upon his death, and Lynch leaving in 1994 and being replaced by Curt Bisquera and Steve Ferrone.\nTom Petty and the Heartbreakers were one of the bands on the forefront of the heartland rock movement, alongside bands such as Bruce Springsteen and Bob Seger, which arose in the late 1970s and 1980s. The genre eschews the synthesizer-based music and fashion elements being popularized in the 1980s, such as the synth pop and New Romanticism in favor of straightforward classic rock sound that discussed relatable, blue collar issues. Petty and the Heartbreakers are known for hit singles such as \"American Girl\", \"Breakdown\", \"The Waiting\", \"Learning to Fly\", \"Refugee\" and \"Mary Jane's Last Dance\". While the heartland rock movement fizzled into the 1990s, the band remained active and popular, and they still tour regularly and continue to record albums, their most recent, Mojo, was released on June 15, 2010. Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers have sold more than 80 million records worldwide, making them one of the world’s best-selling bands of all time. The band plans to release new material in 2014 as well.
/m/09dv8h	High School Musical is a 2006 American television film and the first installment in the High School Musical trilogy. Upon its release on January 20, 2006, it became the most successful film that Disney Channel Original Movie ever produced, with a television sequel High School Musical 2 released in 2007 and the feature film High School Musical 3: Senior Year released to theaters in October 2008. It is the first Disney Channel Original Movie to have a theatrical sequel. The film's soundtrack was the best-selling album in the United States for 2006.\nHigh School Musical was Disney Channel's most watched film that year with 7.7 million viewers in its premiere broadcast in the US, until August's premiere of The Cheetah Girls 2, which achieved 8.1 million viewers. In the UK, it received 789,000 viewers for its premiere, making it the second most watched program for the Disney Channel of 2006. On December 29, 2006, it became the first DCOM to be broadcast on the BBC. Globally, High School Musical has been seen by over 225 million viewers.\nWith a plot described by the author and numerous critics as a modern adaptation of Romeo & Juliet, High School Musical is a story about two high school juniors from rival cliques – Troy Bolton, captain of the basketball team, and Gabriella Montez, a beautiful and shy transfer student who excels in math and science. Together, they try out for the lead parts in their high school musical, and as a result, divide the school. Despite other students' attempts to thwart their dreams, Troy and Gabriella resist peer pressure and rivalry, inspiring others along the way not to \"stick to the status quo\". High school diva Sharpay Evans will do anything to sabotage the friendship between Troy and Gabriella and also get a lead in the school musical, assisted by her brother Ryan.
/m/017cy9	The University of British Columbia is a public research university in British Columbia, Canada.\nFounded in 1908 as the McGill University College of British Columbia, the university became independent and adopted its current name in 1915. It is the oldest institution of higher learning in British Columbia and enrolls over 57,000 students at its Vancouver and Okanagan Valley campuses. UBC's 4.02 km² Vancouver campus is located within the University Endowment Lands, about 10 km from Downtown Vancouver. The 2.09 km² Kelowna campus, acquired in 2005, is located in the Okanagan Valley.\nUBC is consistently included among the top three research universities in Canada, and among the top research universities in the world. As of the 2013-2014 school year, UBC was ranked 2nd in Canada among major research universities, and consistently ranks among the top 50 global universities.\nIn 2011, UBC reported the highest entrance requirements for undergraduate admission in Canada. UBC faculty, alumni, and researchers have won seven Nobel Prizes, 68 Rhodes Scholarships, 64 Olympic medals, and alumni include two Canadian prime ministers.
/m/07p__7	The One Hundred Ninth United States Congress was the legislative branch of the United States, composed of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives, from January 3, 2005 to January 3, 2007, during the fifth and sixth years of George W. Bush's presidency. House members were elected in the 2004 elections on November 4, 2004. Senators were elected in three classes in the 2000 elections on November 7, 2000, 2002 elections on November 5, 2002, or 2004 elections on November 4, 2004. The apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives was based on the Twenty-second Census of the United States in 2000. Both chambers had a Republican majority, the same party as President Bush.
/m/0jrq9	Monroe County is a county located in the state of Florida. The U.S. Census Bureau 2010 population for the county was 73,090.\nMonroe County includes the islands of the Florida Keys. Its county seat is Key West. The Key West Micropolitan Statistical Area includes all of Monroe County.\nAlthough 87% of the county's land area is on the mainland, that region is part of the Everglades and is virtually uninhabited. Over 99% of the county's population lives on the Florida Keys.
/m/017m2y	Heather Deen Locklear is an American actress, known for her television roles as Sammy Jo Carrington on Dynasty, Officer Stacy Sheridan on T.J. Hooker, Amanda Woodward on Melrose Place and Caitlin Moore on Spin City. She had a recurring role on the TV Land sitcom Hot in Cleveland and has a main role on the TNT drama-comedy television series Franklin & Bash as of 2013.
/m/02j04_	Trinity College is a private, liberal arts college in Hartford, Connecticut. Founded in 1823, it is the second-oldest college in the state of Connecticut after Yale University. Coeducational since 1969, the college enrolls 2,300 students. Trinity offers 38 majors and 26 minors, with a student to faculty ratio of 10:1.\nThe college is a member of the New England Small College Athletic Conference and known as one of the Little Ivies.
/m/0bh8tgs	Battleship is a 2012 American military science fiction war film loosely inspired by the classic board game. The film was directed by Peter Berg and released by Universal Pictures. The film stars Taylor Kitsch, Liam Neeson, Alexander Skarsgård, Rihanna, John Tui, Brooklyn Decker and Tadanobu Asano.\nThe film was originally planned to be released in 2011, but was rescheduled to April 11, 2012, in the United Kingdom and May 18, 2012, in the United States. The film's world premiere was in Tokyo, Japan, on April 3, 2012.
/m/0c73g	Robert Schumann was a German composer and influential music critic. He is widely regarded as one of the greatest composers of the Romantic era. Schumann left the study of law, intending to pursue a career as a virtuoso pianist. He had been assured by his teacher Friedrich Wieck that he could become the finest pianist in Europe, but a hand injury ended this dream. Schumann then focused his musical energies on composing.\nSchumann's published compositions were written exclusively for the piano until 1840; he later composed works for piano and orchestra; many Lieder; four symphonies; an opera; and other orchestral, choral, and chamber works. Works such as Kinderszenen, Album für die Jugend, Blumenstück, Sonatas and Albumblätter are among his most famous. His writings about music appeared mostly in the Neue Zeitschrift für Musik, a Leipzig-based publication which he jointly founded.\nIn 1840, against the wishes of her father, Schumann married Friedrich Wieck's daughter Clara, following a long and acrimonious legal battle, which found in favor of Clara and Robert. Clara also composed music and had a considerable concert career as a pianist, the earnings from which formed a substantial part of her father's fortune.
/m/04q827	Million Dollar Baby is a 2004 sports drama film directed, co-produced, and scored by Clint Eastwood and starring Eastwood, Hilary Swank, and Morgan Freeman. It is the story of an under-appreciated boxing trainer, his elusive past, and his quest for atonement by helping an underdog amateur boxer achieve her dream of becoming a professional. The film won four Academy Awards, including Best Picture.\nThe screenplay was written by Paul Haggis, based on short stories by F.X. Toole, the pen name of fight manager and \"cutman\" Jerry Boyd. Originally published under the title Rope Burns, the stories have since been republished under the film's title.
/m/0mcl0	Out of Africa is a 1985 American romantic drama film directed and produced by Sydney Pollack and starring Robert Redford and Meryl Streep. The film is based loosely on the autobiographical book Out of Africa written by Isak Dinesen, which was published in 1937, with additional material from Dinesen's book Shadows on the Grass and other sources. This film received 28 film awards, including seven Academy Awards.\nThe book was adapted into a screenplay by the writer Kurt Luedtke, and directed by the American Sydney Pollack. Streep played Karen Blixen; Redford played Denys Finch Hatton; and Klaus Maria Brandauer played Baron Bror Blixen. Others in the film included Michael Kitchen as Berkeley Cole; Malick Bowens as Farah; Stephen Kinyanjui as the Chief; Michael Gough as Lord Delamere; Suzanna Hamilton as Felicity, and the model Iman as Mariammo.
/m/03bdkd	Wilson is a 1944 American biographical film in Technicolor about President Woodrow Wilson. It stars Charles Coburn, Alexander Knox, Geraldine Fitzgerald, Thomas Mitchell and Sir Cedric Hardwicke.\nThe movie was written by Lamar Trotti and directed by Henry King. Wilson's daughter Eleanor Wilson McAdoo served as an informal counselor.\nIt won Academy Awards for Best Art Direction-Interior Decoration, Color; Best Cinematography, Color; Best Film Editing; Best Sound, Recording; and Best Writing, Original Screenplay. It was nominated for Best Actor in a Leading Role; Best Director; Best Effects, Special Effects; Best Music, Scoring of a Dramatic or Comedy Picture; and Best Picture. The film was notable for giving character actor Alexander Knox one of his few chances to play the lead in a film.\nThough a critically acclaimed, Oscar-winning film, Wilson is remembered for being a huge flop at the box office. It was a pet project of Darryl F. Zanuck, who greatly admired Woodrow Wilson, and its failure upset him to the point that for years he forbade his employees from mentioning the film in his presence. The film has not been totally forgotten; it is sometimes shown on cable television. The film's first broadcast on Turner Classic Movies was on February 8, 2013. Franklin D. Roosevelt showed the film at the September 1944 Second Quebec Conference with Winston S. Churchill. Churchill was unimpressed, however, leaving in the midst of the film to go to bed.
/m/0q9mp	Tragicomedy is a literary genre that blends aspects of both tragic and comic forms. Most often seen in dramatic literature, the term can variously describe either a tragic play which contains enough comic elements to lighten the overall mood or, often, a serious play with a happy ending.
/m/012x2b	Simon John Pegg is an English actor, comedian, screenwriter, and film producer.\nHe is best known for having co-written and starred in the Edgar Wright features Shaun of the Dead, Hot Fuzz, and The World's End, and the comedy series Spaced.\nHe portrayed Montgomery Scott in the 2009 film Star Trek and its sequel Star Trek Into Darkness. He played Benji Dunn in the Mission: Impossible film series, and Thompson in The Adventures of Tintin. Much of his major work has been in collaboration with some combination of Wright, Nick Frost, Jessica Hynes, and Dylan Moran.
/m/089g0h	Set dressers arrange objects on a film set before shooting. They work under the direction of a leadman, a set decorator and a production designer. Set dressers place furniture, hang pictures, and put out decorative items. They are also responsible for some light construction and assembly of small items, such as air-conditioning ducts. They also move items as necessary to make room for the filming equipment. During the shoot, the prop department works with an on-set dresser to ensure that the props and furnishing are in the proper location for the script and to maintain continuity, as scenes are often shot out of order.
/m/01znbj	Nettwerk Music Group is the umbrella company for Nettwerk Records, Nettwerk Management, Nettwerk Producer Management and Nettwerk One Publishing.\nEstablished in 1984, the Vancouver-based company was originally created by Nettwerk principals Terry McBride, Mark Jowett, Ric Arboit and Dan Fraser, as a record label to distribute recordings by the band Moev, but the label quickly expanded in Canada and internationally, ultimately becoming one of the largest and most influential independent record labels in the world. Initially specializing in electronic music genres such as alternative dance and industrial, the label also became a powerful player in pop and rock in the late 1980s and 1990s.\nFrom launching the careers of Sarah McLachlan, Skinny Puppy and Coldplay, to seeking out artists like fun., Old Crow Medicine Show, Morgan Page and Family of the Year, Ladytron, Passenger and Wanting Qu, Nettwerk Records has gone on to release over 400 albums that have amassed worldwide sales in excess of 100 million albums.\nToday, Nettwerk Music Group is a worldwide organization with offices in Vancouver, Los Angeles, New York City, Boston, London and Hamburg.
/m/0dplh	University College London is a public research university in London, England, and the oldest and largest constituent college of the federal University of London. Founded in 1826, UCL was the first university institution in London and the first in England to be established on an entirely secular basis, to admit students regardless of their religion and to admit women on equal terms with men. The philosopher Jeremy Bentham is often credited with founding the University, however his involvement was limited to the purchase of £100 in shares. Today he is commonly regarded as the spiritual father of UCL, as his radical ideas on education and society were the inspiration to its founders. UCL became one of the two founding colleges of the University of London in 1836. It has grown through mergers, including with the Institute of Neurology, the Royal Free Hospital Medical School, the Eastman Dental Institute, the School of Slavonic and East European Studies and the School of Pharmacy.\nUCL's main campus is located in the Bloomsbury area of central London, with a number of institutes and teaching hospitals located elsewhere in central London, and satellite campuses in Adelaide, Australia and Doha, Qatar. UCL is organised into 10 constituent faculties, within which there are over 100 departments, institutes and research centres. UCL has around 26,700 students and 11,025 staff and had a total income of £937 million in 2012/13, of which £335 million was from research grants and contracts. UCL has around 4,000 academic and research staff and 650 full professors, the highest number of any British university. UCL is responsible for several museums and collections in a wide range of fields across the arts and sciences, including the Petrie Museum of Egyptian Archaeology, a leading collection of Egyptian and Sudanese archaeology.
/m/01r4bps	Erin Grey Van Oosbree, known professionally as Grey DeLisle, is an American actress, comedian, and recording artist. She has done voice acting for numerous animated films, television shows, and video games. Her long-running voice roles include Vicky from The Fairly OddParents and Daphne Blake from the Scooby-Doo franchise.
/m/03bdm4	Donald Crisp was an British-born, English and American film actor. He was also an early producer, director and screenwriter of films. He won an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor in 1942 for his performance in How Green Was My Valley.
/m/0xzly	Maracas are a native instrument of Latin America. They are percussion instruments, usually played in pairs. Originally, they consist of a dried calabash or gourd shell or coconut shell filled with seeds or dried beans. Today they are also be made of leather, wood, or plastic.\nOften one ball is pitched high, and the other is pitched low. There is evidence of clay maracas used by the natives of Colombia 1500 years ago. The word maraca is thought to have come from the Tupi language of Brazil, where it is pronounced 'ma-ra-KAH'. They are known in Trinidad as shac-shacs. The leather maracas were introduced in 1955 by a Venezuelan percussionist.\nEven if it is a simple instrument, the method of playing the maracas is not obvious. The seeds or dried beans must travel some distance before they hit the leather, wood, or plastic, so the player must anticipate the rhythm. One can also strike the maraca against one's hand or leg to get a different sound. In a radio program that band leader Vincent Lopez hosted in the early 1950s called Shake the Maracas, audience members competed for small prizes by playing the instrument with the orchestra.
/m/072twv	Austin Cedric Gibbons was an Irish American art director and production designer who was one of the most important and influential in the field in the history of American film. He also made a great impact on motion picture theater architecture through the 1930s to 1950s, the period considered the golden-era of theater architecture. He is credited as the designer of the Oscar statuette in 1928.
/m/086nl7	William \"Bill\" Hader is an American actor, voice actor, comedian, producer and writer. He is known for his work as a cast member on Saturday Night Live, his lead voice role in Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs, and his supporting roles in comedy films such as Superbad, Pineapple Express, Tropic Thunder, Adventureland, Men in Black 3, Paul, Forgetting Sarah Marshall, and Night at the Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian.
/m/07wjk	The University of Toronto is a public research university in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, situated on the grounds that surround Queen's Park. It was founded by royal charter in 1827 as King's College, the first institution of higher learning in Upper Canada. Originally controlled by the Church of England, the university assumed the present name in 1850 upon becoming a secular institution. As a collegiate university, it comprises twelve colleges that differ in character and history, each retaining substantial autonomy on financial and institutional affairs.\nAcademically, the University of Toronto is noted for influential movements and curricula in literary criticism and communication theory, known collectively as the Toronto School. The university was the birthplace of insulin and stem cell research, and was the site of the first practical electron microscope, the development of multi-touch technology, the identification of Cygnus X-1 as a black hole, and the theory of NP completeness. By a significant margin, it receives the most annual research funding of any Canadian university. It is one of two members of the Association of American Universities located outside the United States.
/m/01y8d4	Jerome \"Jerry\" Siegel, who also used pseudonyms including Joe Carter, Jerry Ess, and Herbert S. Fine, was the American co-creator of Superman, the first of the great comic book superheroes and one of the most recognizable of the 20th century.\nHe was inducted into the comic book industry's Will Eisner Comic Book Hall of Fame in 1992 and the Jack Kirby Hall of Fame in 1993.
/m/0435vm	The Island is a 2005 American science fiction/thriller film directed by Michael Bay, starring Ewan McGregor and Scarlett Johansson. It was released on July 22, 2005, in the United States, and was nominated for three awards, including the Teen Choice Award.\nIt is described as a pastiche of \"escape-from-dystopia\" science fiction films of the 1960s and 1970s such as Fahrenheit 451, THX 1138, Parts: The Clonus Horror, and Logan's Run. The film's plot revolves around the struggle of Ewan McGregor's character to fit into the highly structured world he lives in and the series of events that unfold when he questions how truthful that world really is.\nThe film cost $126 million to produce. It earned only $36 million at the United States box office, but earned $127 million overseas, for a $162 million worldwide total. The original score for the film was composed by Steve Jablonsky. It was also the first film directed by Michael Bay that was not produced by Jerry Bruckheimer.
/m/0yls9	Christ Church, is a constituent college of the University of Oxford in England. As well as being a college, Christ Church is also the cathedral church of the diocese of Oxford, namely Christ Church Cathedral, Oxford.\nLike its sister college, Trinity College, Cambridge, it was traditionally considered the most aristocratic college of its university.\nChrist Church has produced thirteen British prime ministers, which is equal to the number produced by all 45 other Oxford colleges put together and more than any Cambridge college.\nThe college is the setting for parts of Evelyn Waugh's Brideshead Revisited, as well as a small part of Lewis Carroll's Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. More recently it has been used in the filming of the movies of J. K. Rowling's Harry Potter series and also the film adaptation of Philip Pullman's novel Northern Lights. Distinctive features of the college's architecture have been used as models by a number of other academic institutions, including the National University of Ireland, Galway, which reproduces Tom Quad. The University of Chicago and Cornell University both have reproductions of Christ Church's dining hall. ChristChurch Cathedral in New Zealand, after which the City of Christchurch is named, is itself named after Christ Church, Oxford. Stained glass windows in the cathedral and other buildings are by the Pre-Raphaelite William Morris group with designs by Edward Burne-Jones
/m/0njvn	Berrien County is a county located in the extreme southwest of the U.S. state of Michigan. It is included in the Niles-Benton Harbor, Michigan Metropolitan Statistical Area. As of the 2010 census, the population was 156,813. The county seat is St. Joseph.
/m/0plw	AOL Inc. is an American multinational mass media corporation based in New York City that develops, grows, and invests in brands and web sites. The company's business spans digital distribution of content, products, and services, which it offers to consumers, publishers, and advertisers.\nFounded in 1985 as Quantum Computer Services, an online services company by Jim Kimsey from the remnants of Control Video Corporation, AOL has franchised its services to companies in several nations around the world or to set up international versions of its services. AOL is headquartered at 770 Broadway in New York but has many offices in cities throughout North America. Its global offices include Bangalore, India; Dreieich, Germany; Dublin, Ireland; London, United Kingdom; and Tel Aviv, Israel. As of October 2012, it serves 2.9 million paid and free domestic subscribers.\nAOL is best known for its online software suite, also called AOL, that allowed customers to access the world's largest \"walled garden\" online community and eventually reach out to the Internet as a whole. At its peak, AOL's membership was over 30 million members worldwide, most of whom accessed the AOL service through the AOL software suite. AOL was ranked fourth in a 2007 USA Today retrospective on the 25 events that shaped the first 25 years of the Internet and was named to the \".com 25\" by a panel of Silicon Valley influencers on the occasion of the same anniversary.
/m/06zf0	In biology, a species is one of the basic units of biological classification and a taxonomic rank. A species is often described as the largest group of organisms capable of interbreeding and producing fertile offspring. While in many cases this definition is adequate, the difficulty of defining species is known as the species problem. Differing measures are often used, such as similarity of DNA, morphology, or ecological niche. Presence of specific locally adapted traits may further subdivide species into \"infraspecific taxa\" such as subspecies.\nSpecies hypothesized to have the same ancestors are placed in one genus, based on similarities. The similarity of species is judged based on comparison of physical attributes, and where available, their DNA sequences. All species are given a two-part name, a \"binomial name\", or just \"binomial\". The first part of a binomial is the generic name, the genus to which the species belongs. The second part is either called the specific name or the specific epithet. For example, Boa constrictor is one of four species of the Boa genus. The first part of the binomial is capitalized, and the second part has a lower case. The binomial is written in italics when printed and underlined when handwritten.
/m/01j6mff	Steven Curtis Chapman is an American Christian music singer-songwriter, record producer, actor, author, and social activist.\nAfter starting his career in the late 1980s as a singer-songwriter of contemporary Christian music, Chapman has since been recognized as one of the most prolific singers in the genre, releasing over 20 albums. Chapman has also won five Grammy awards and 58 Gospel Music Association Dove Awards, more than any other artist in history. His seven \"Artist of the Year\" Dove Awards, his latest in 2009, are also an industry record. As of 2007, Chapman has sold more than 10 million albums and has eight RIAA-certified Gold or Platinum albums.\nChapman is also a vocal advocate for adoption, along with his wife Mary Beth. Together, they have started a charity organization called Show Hope, that mobilizes individuals and communities to care for orphans through its international orphan care work as well as adoption aid grants to help put more orphans from overseas and the U.S. in loving, forever families. In 2009, Show Hope finished building Maria's Big House of Hope, a medical care center in China that provides holistic care to orphans with special needs. He is also a contributor to Compassionart, a charity founded by Martin Smith of British Christian band Delirious?.
/m/0xl08	Teaneck is a township in Bergen County, New Jersey, and a suburb in the New York metropolitan area. As of the 2010 United States Census, the township's population was 39,776, reflecting an increase of 516 from the 39,260 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn increased by 1,435 from the 37,825 counted in the 1990 Census. As of 2010 it was the second-most populous among the 70 municipalities in Bergen County, behind Hackensack, which had a population of 43,010.\nTeaneck was created on February 19, 1895 by an Act of the New Jersey Legislature from portions of Englewood Township and Ridgefield Township, both of which are now defunct, along with portions of Bogota and Leonia. Independence followed the result of a referendum held on January 14, 1895, in which voters favored incorporation by a 46–7 margin. To address the concerns of Englewood Township's leaders, the new municipality was formed as a township, rather than succumbing to the borough craze sweeping across Bergen County at the time. On May 3, 1921, and June 1, 1926, portions of what had been Teaneck were transferred to Overpeck Township.
/m/02p4q92	An automobile magazine is a magazine with news and reports on automobiles and the automobile industry. Automobile magazines may feature new car tests and comparisons, which describe advantages and disadvantages of similar models; future models speculations, confidential information and \"spyshots\"; modified automobiles; lists of new models with prices, specifications and ratings; used car advertisements; auto racing news and events; and other information.\nThe first published automobile magazine, beginning in 1895, was The Horseless Age, which later became Automotive Industries Magazine.
/m/01l5t6	A librarian is a person who works professionally in a library, and may hold a degree in librarianship. Traditionally, a librarian is associated with collections of books, as demonstrated by the etymology of the word \"librarian\". The role of a librarian is continually evolving to meet social and technological needs: a modern librarian may deal with information in many formats, including books, magazines, newspapers, audio recordings, video recordings, maps, manuscripts, photographs and other graphic material, bibliographic databases, web searching, and digital resources. A librarian may provide other information services, including computer provision and training, coordination of public programs, basic literacy education, assistive equipment for people with disabilities, and help with finding and using community resources. Appreciation for librarians is often included by authors and scholars in the Acknowledgment sections of books.
/m/0qjfl	The Hollywood Walk of Fame comprises more than 2,500 five-pointed terrazzo and brass stars embedded in the sidewalks along 15 blocks of Hollywood Boulevard and three blocks of Vine Street in Hollywood, California. The stars are permanent public monuments to achievement in the entertainment industry, bearing the names of a mix of actors, musicians, directors, producers, musical and theatrical groups, fictional characters, and others. The Walk of Fame is administered by the Hollywood Chamber of Commerce and maintained by the self-financing Hollywood Historic Trust. It is a popular tourist destination, with a reported 10 million visitors in 2003.
/m/02lfwp	Michael David Apted, CMG is an English director, producer, writer and actor. He is one of the most prolific British film directors of his generation, and directed the Up Series of documentaries and the James Bond film The World Is Not Enough.\nOn 29 June 2003 he was elected president of the Directors Guild of America. He returned to television, directing the first three episodes of the TV series Rome. Apted directed Amazing Grace which premiered at the closing of the Toronto Film Festival in 2006. His most recent feature film project was The Chronicles of Narnia: The Voyage of the Dawn Treader which premiered 30 November 2010 at the Royal Film Performance. He was appointed Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George in the 2008 Birthday Honours.
/m/0mk7z	Fremont County is a county located in the U.S. state of Wyoming. As of the 2010 census, the population was 40,123. Its county seat is Lander. The county was founded in 1884 and is named for John C. Frémont, a general, explorer, and politician. It is roughly the size of the state of Vermont.
/m/0105y2	Lubbock is a city in and the county seat of Lubbock County, Texas, United States. The city is located in the northwestern part of the state, a region known historically and geographically as the Llano Estacado and ecologically is part of the southern end of the Western High Plains. The city is home to three universities: Lubbock Christian University, Texas Tech University, and Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center. According to a 2012 Census estimate, Lubbock had a population of 236,065, making it the 84th most populous city in the United States of America and the 11th most populous city in the state of Texas. The city is the economic center of the Lubbock metropolitan area, which had an estimated 2012 population of 297,669.\nLubbock's nickname is the \"Hub City\", which derives from it being the economic, education, and health care hub of a multicounty region commonly called the South Plains. The area is the largest contiguous cotton-growing region in the world and is heavily dependent on irrigation water drawn from the Ogallala Aquifer. Lubbock was selected as the 12th best place to start a small business by CNNMoney.com. They mentioned the community's traditional business atmosphere, less expensive rent for commercial space, and its central location and cooperative form of city government. Lubbock High School has been recognized for three consecutive years by Newsweek as one of the top high schools in the United States. Lubbock High School is home to the only international baccalaureate program in the region. The IB program is one of the criteria examined by Newsweek in formulating their list of top high schools.
/m/01p_2p	Latin jazz is jazz with Latin American rhythms. Although musicians continually expand its parameters, the term Latin jazz is generally understood to have a more specific meaning than simply jazz from Latin America. A more precise term might be Afro-Latin jazz, as the jazz sub-genre typically employs rhythms that either have a direct analog in Africa, or exhibit an African influence. The two main categories of Latin jazz are:\nAfro-Cuban jazz—jazz rhythmically based on clave, often with a rhythm section employing ostinato patterns from Cuban popular dance music.\nAfro-Brazilian jazz—includes bossa nova and jazz samba.
/m/02py_sj	The Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series is an award presented annually by the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences and Academy of Television Arts & Sciences. It was first awarded at the 1st Daytime Emmy Awards ceremony, held in 1974; Macdonald Carey received the award for his portrayal of Tom Horton on Days of our Lives and it is given in honor of an actor who has delivered an outstanding performance in a leading role while working within the daytime drama industry. The award has undergone several name changes, originally honoring actors in leading and supporting roles. Following the introduction of a new category in 1979, Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series, the award's name was altered to Outstanding Actor in a Daytime Drama Series before changing once again, to its current title, years later. The awards ceremony was not aired on television in 1983 and 1984, having been criticized for lack of integrity. In 1985, another category was introduced, Outstanding Younger Actor in a Drama Series, one criterion for this category was altered, requiring all actors to be aged 26 or above.\nThe 2013 recipient of the award is Doug Davidson, for his portrayal of Paul Williams on The Young and the Restless. The soap opera shares the number of most-awarded actors with General Hospital, with a total of eight wins each. In 2008, Anthony Geary became the actor with the most wins in the category when he won for a sixth time, surpassing David Canary's previous record. Geary went on to win again in 2012, thus far winning on seven occasions. Peter Bergman has been nominated on 18 occasions, more than any other actor.
/m/03j367r	Anil Kapoor is a prominent Indian film actor and producer. He first won acclaim for his roles in Yash Chopra's drama Mashaal (1984) and Shekhar Kapur's sci-fi Mr. India (1987), and won a Filmfare Best Supporting Actor Award for his performance in the former.After a series of successful films, Kapoor earned his first Filmfare Best Actor Award for his performance in N. Chandra's Tezaab in 1988, and later for Indra Kumar's Beta in 1992. Since then, he has starred in a number of critical and commercial successes, including Virasat (1997), for which he won the Filmfare Critics Award for Best Performance; Biwi No.1 (1999); Taal (1999), for which he won his second Filmfare Best Supporting Actor Award; Pukar (2000), for which he won his first National Film Award for Best Actor; and No Entry (2005). Kapoor has thus established himself as one of the most successful and popular actors of Hindi cinema.His first role in an international film was as Prem Kumar in Danny Boyle's Golden Globe and Academy Award winning Slumdog Millionaire (2008), for which Kapoor won the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Cast in a Motion Picture and received a nomination for Best Ensemble at the Black Reel Awards of 2008.
/m/0x25q	The Matrix Reloaded is a 2003 American science fiction action film and the second instalment in The Matrix trilogy, written and directed by The Wachowski Brothers. It premiered on May 7, 2003, in Westwood, Los Angeles, California, and went on general release by Warner Bros. in North American theaters on May 15, 2003, and around the world during the latter half of that month. It was also screened out of competition at the 2003 Cannes Film Festival. The video game Enter the Matrix, which was released on May 15, and a collection of nine animated shorts, The Animatrix, which was released on June 3, supported and expanded the storyline of the movie. The Matrix Revolutions, which completes the story, was released six months after Reloaded, in November 2003.
/m/04jspq	John Alan Lasseter is an American animator, film director, screenwriter, producer and the chief creative officer at Pixar and Walt Disney Animation Studios. He is also currently the Principal Creative Advisor for Walt Disney Imagineering.\nLasseter's first job was with The Walt Disney Company, where he became an animator. Fired from Disney for promoting computer animation, he joined Lucasfilm, where he worked on the then ground breaking use of CGI animation. The Graphics Group of the Computer Division of Lucasfilm was sold to Steve Jobs and became Pixar in 1986. Lasseter oversees all of Pixar's films and associated projects as executive producer. In addition, he directed Toy Story, A Bug's Life, Toy Story 2, Cars, and Cars 2. Since 2007, he also oversees all of Walt Disney Animation Studios' films and associated projects as executive producer.\nHe has won two Academy Awards, for Animated Short Film, as well as a Special Achievement Award.
/m/02np2n	Vigor Shipyards was founded in 1916 as the William H. Todd Corporation through the merger of Robins Dry Dock & Repair Company of Erie Basin, Brooklyn, New York, the Tietjen & Long Dry Dock Company of Hoboken, New Jersey, and the Seattle Construction and Dry Dock Company. The Seattle shipyard could trace its history back to 1882, when Robert Moran opened a marine repair shop at Yesler's Wharf. This shop became the Moran Brothers Shipyard in 1906 and the Seattle Construction & Dry Dock Company at the end of 1911.\nTodd has performed building and maintenance work for, among others, the U.S. and Royal Australian Navies, the United States Coast Guard, and the Washington State Ferries. Its headquarters and operations are on Harbor Island at the mouth of Seattle's Duwamish Waterway. Todd ranked 26th among United States corporations in the value of World War II production contracts.\nThe 105-foot-long hull of Disneyland's Mark Twain riverboat was built at Todd Shipyards in San Pedro, California in 1955.\nIn February 2011, Vigor Industrial purchased Todd for US$130 million. This included the Seattle, Everett and Bremerton operations. Today, Vigor Shipyards is a government repair subsidiary of Vigor Industrial.
/m/0gtsxr4	ParaNorman is a 2012 American 3D stop-motion animated comedy horror family film produced by Laika, distributed by Focus Features and was released on August 17, 2012. The voice cast includes Casey Affleck, Tempestt Bledsoe, Jeff Garlin, John Goodman, Bernard Hill, Anna Kendrick, Leslie Mann, Christopher Mintz-Plasse, Kodi Smit-McPhee, Jodelle Ferland, Elaine Stritch, and Tucker Albrizzi. It is the first stop-motion film to use a 3D color printer to create character faces, and only the second stop motion film to be shot in 3D.\nThe film received a largely positive critical response, while it was a modest box office success, earning $107 million against its budget of $60 million. The film received nominations for the 2012 Academy Award for Best Animated Feature and BAFTA Award for Best Animated Film.
/m/08yx9q	Eric Dane is an American actor. After appearing in television roles throughout the 1990s and 2000s, he became known for playing Dr. Mark \"McSteamy\" Sloan on the medical drama television series Grey's Anatomy, and has recently branched into film, co-starring in Marley & Me, Valentine's Day, and Burlesque.
/m/018ctl	The 2010 Winter Olympics, officially known as the XXI Olympic Winter Games, informally the 21st Winter Olympics, were a major international multi-sport event held from February 12 to February 28, 2010, in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, with some events held in the suburbs of Richmond, West Vancouver and the University Endowment Lands, and in the resort town of Whistler. Approximately 2,600 athletes from 82 nations participated in 86 events in fifteen disciplines. Both the Olympic and Paralympic Games were organized by the Vancouver Organizing Committee, headed by John Furlong. The 2010 Winter Olympics were the third Olympics hosted by Canada and the first by the province of British Columbia. Previously, Canada hosted the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, Quebec, and the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary, Alberta.\nFollowing Olympic tradition, then-Vancouver mayor Sam Sullivan received the Olympic flag during the closing ceremony of the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin, Italy. The flag was raised on February 28, 2006, in a special ceremony and was on display at Vancouver City Hall until the Olympic opening ceremony, except for when it was removed by members of the Native Warrior Society on March 6, 2007. The event was officially opened by Governor General Michaëlle Jean, who was accompanied by Prime Minister Stephen Harper and International Olympic Committee president Jacques Rogge.
/m/02m30v	Joan Geraldine Bennett was an American stage, film and television actress. Besides acting on the stage, Bennett appeared in more than 70 motion pictures from the era of silent movies well into the sound era. She is possibly best-remembered for her film noir femme fatale roles in director Fritz Lang's movies such as The Woman in the Window and Scarlet Street.\nBennett had three distinct phases to her long and successful career, first as a winsome blonde ingenue, then as a sensuous brunette femme fatale, and finally as a warmhearted wife/mother figure.\nIn 1951, Bennett's screen career was marred by scandal after her third husband, film producer Walter Wanger, shot and injured her agent Jennings Lang. Wanger suspected that Lang and Bennett were having an affair, a charge which she adamantly denied.\nIn the 1960s, she achieved success for her portrayal of Elizabeth Collins Stoddard on TV's Dark Shadows, for which she received an Emmy nomination. For her final movie role, as Madame Blanc in Suspiria, she received a Saturn Award nomination. In her 'New York Times' obituary she was said to be \"...one of the most underrated actresses of her time\".
/m/0n_2q	Chatham County is a county located in the U.S. state of Georgia. The county seat and largest city is Savannah. The U.S. Census Bureau's 2012 population estimate was 276,434 residents. Chatham is the most populous Georgia county outside the Atlanta metropolitan area. One of the original counties of Georgia, Chatham County was created February 5, 1777, and is named after William Pitt, 1st Earl of Chatham.\nChatham County is one of three counties that constitute the Savannah Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/05jbn	Nashville is the capital of the U.S. state of Tennessee and the county seat of Davidson County. It is located on the Cumberland River in the north-central part of the state. The city is a center for the music, health care, publishing, banking and transportation industries, and is home to a large number of colleges and universities. Reflecting the city's position in state government, Nashville is home to the Tennessee Supreme Court's courthouse for Middle Tennessee. It is known as a center of the music industry, earning it the nickname \"Music City\".\nNashville has a consolidated city–county government which includes six smaller municipalities in a two-tier system. As of the 2010 census the population of Nashville, not including the semi-independent municipalities, stood at 601,222. The population of Nashville as a whole, including all municipalities, was 626,681. Nashville is the second largest city in Tennessee, after Memphis, and the fourth largest city in the Southeastern United States. The 2010 population of the entire 13-county Nashville metropolitan area was 1,589,934, making it the largest Metropolitan Statistical Area in the state. The 2010 population of the Nashville-Davidson–Murfreesboro–Columbia combined statistical area, a larger trade area, was 1,670,890.
/m/08qz1l	The Middle Eastern theatre of World War I was the scene of action between 29 October 1914, and 30 October 1918. The combatants were on the one hand, the Ottoman Empire, with some assistance from the other Central Powers, and on the other hand, the British and the Russians, among the Allies of World War I. There were five main campaigns: the Sinai and Palestine Campaign, the Mesopotamian Campaign, the Caucasus Campaign, the Persian Campaign, and the Gallipoli Campaign. There were the minor North African Campaign, the Arab Campaign, and South Arabia Campaign.\nBoth sides used local asymmetrical forces in the region. Participating on the Allied side were Arabs who participated in the Arab Revolt, Armenian militia who participated in the Armenian Resistance, with the Armenian volunteer units and Armenian militia formed the Armenian Corps of the First Republic of Armenia in 1918. In addition, the Assyrians also joined with the allies following the Assyrian Genocide, instigating an Assyrian war of independence. This theatre encompassed the largest territory of all the theatres of the war. The Turkish Ottomans had the support of Kurds, Turcomans, Circassians, Chechens and a number of Iranian, Arab and Berber groups.
/m/0260bz	Amistad is a 1997 historical drama film directed by Steven Spielberg based on the notable mutiny in 1839 by newly captured Mende slaves who took control of the ship La Amistad off the coast of Cuba, and the international legal battle that followed their capture by a U.S. revenue cutter. It became a United States Supreme Court case of 1841.\nMorgan Freeman, Nigel Hawthorne, Anthony Hopkins, Djimon Hounsou, and Matthew McConaughey had starring roles. David Franzoni's screenplay was based on the book Mutiny on the Amistad: The Saga of a Slave Revolt and Its Impact on American Abolition, Law, and Diplomacy, by the historian Howard Jones.
/m/03by7wc	The Kentucky Wildcats men's basketball team is a college basketball team representing the University of Kentucky. Kentucky has both the most all-time wins and the highest all-time winning percentage in the history of college basketball. Kentucky's all-time record currently stands at 2132–667. Kentucky also leads all schools in total NCAA tournament appearances with 52, is first in NCAA tournament wins with 111, and ranks second to UCLA in NCAA championships with 8. In addition to these titles, Kentucky also has won the National Invitation Tournament in both 1946 and 1976, making it the only school to win multiple NCAA and NIT championships. The Wildcats have played in a record 52 NCAA Tournaments, in a record 157 NCAA Tournament games, have a NCAA record 39 Sweet-16 appearances, a NCAA record 34 Elite-8 appearances, and have a NCAA record 61 total post-season tournament appearances. Further, Kentucky has played in 15 Final Fours, and has 11 NCAA Championship Game appearances, winning 8 NCAA Championships. Kentucky also leads all schools with 58 20-win seasons, 13 30-win seasons, and is the only school with 5 different NCAA Championship coaches.
/m/07fj_	Tunisia, Arabic: الجمهورية التونسية‎ al-Jumhūriyyah at-Tūnisiyyah; French: République tunisienne; Berber: ⵜⴰⴳⴷⵓⴷⴰ ⵏ ⵜⵓⵏⴻⵙ, is a country in the Maghreb region of North Africa. It is the smallest country in North Africa by land area and is bordered by Algeria to the west, Libya to the southeast and the Mediterranean Sea to the north and east. Tunisia is the northernmost country in Africa, with the northernmost point on the African continent, Ras ben Sakka. Tunisia contains the eastern streamers of the Atlas Mountains, while the south of the country contains the northern reaches of the Sahara desert. The country's coasts represent the natural African conjunction between the Western and Eastern Mediterranean Basins, and feature the second and third nearest points of mainland Africa to Europe after Gibraltar, by means of the Sicilian Strait to the northeast and the Sardinian Channel to the northwest.\nTunisia is almost 165,000 square kilometres (64,000 sq mi) in area, with an estimated population of just under 10.7 million. Its name is derived from the capital Tunis located in the northeast. The south of the country is composed of the Sahara desert, with much of the remainder consisting of particularly fertile soil and 1,300 kilometres (810 mi) of coastline.
/m/015k7	Gautama Buddha, also known as Siddhārtha Gautama, Shakyamuni, or simply the Buddha, was a sage on whose teachings Buddhism was founded. Born in the Shakya republic in the Himalayan foothills, Gautama Buddha taught primarily in northeastern India.\nBuddha means \"awakened one\" or \"the enlightened one.\" \"Buddha\" is also used as a title for the first awakened being in an era. In most Buddhist traditions, Siddhartha Gautama is regarded as the Supreme Buddha of our age.\nGautama taught a Middle Way between sensual indulgence and the severe asceticism found in the Sramana movement common in his region. He later taught throughout regions of eastern India such as Magadha and Kośala.\nGautama is the primary figure in Buddhism, and accounts of his life, discourses, and monastic rules are believed by Buddhists to have been summarized after his death and memorized by his followers. Various collections of teachings attributed to him were passed down by oral tradition, and first committed to writing about 400 years later.
/m/01b_d4	The University of East Anglia is a research-intensive public university located in the city of Norwich, England. Established in 1963, today the university comprises 4 faculties and 28 schools of study. Situated to the south-west of the city of Norwich the university campus is approximately 362 acres in size. In 2012 the University was named the 10th best university in the world under 50 years old, and 3rd within the United Kingdom. In national league tables the university has most recently been ranked 17th in the UK by The Times and Sunday Times, 17th by The Guardian and 20th by The Complete University Guide. The university also ranked 1st for student satisfaction by the Times Higher Education magazine in 2013. The university celebrated its 50th anniversary in 2013.
/m/0fr7nt	Sayaji Shinde is an Indian film actor from Maharashtra, who has acted in South Indian, Bollywood and Marathi cinema. He was born in a small village named Vele-Kamthi near Satara, Maharashtra.
/m/015x1f	Curtis Lee Mayfield was an American soul, R&B, and funk singer, songwriter, and record producer. He achieved mainstream solo success and recognition from being involved with The Impressions during the Civil Rights Movement of the late 50's and 1960s. Mayfield is also known for his efforts in writing the soundtrack to the blaxploitation film Super Fly which was considered unusual as a soundtrack for a blaxploitation film, as its songs contained themes focusing more on the social problems of impoverished African American urban areas during the time. Mayfield is regarded as a pioneer of funk and of politically conscious African-American music. He was also a multi-instrumentalist who played the guitar, bass, piano, saxophone, and drums. Mayfield is a winner of both the Grammy Legend Award and the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award, and he was a double inductee into The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, inducted as a member of The Impressions into The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1991, and again in 1999 as a solo artist. He is also a two-time Grammy Hall of Fame inductee.
/m/08zx0s	Operatic pop is a subgenre of pop music that is performed in an operatic singing style, or a song, theme or motif from classical music stylized as pop. According to music historians, operatic pop songs became most prevalent with the rise of Tin Pan Alley musicians during the early 1900s. One influence was the large influx of Italian immigrants to the United States who popularized singers such as Enrico Caruso and inspired the creation of \"novelty songs\" using Italian dialect. The songs often used operatic repertory \"to make a satirical or topical point.\" Popularized by American Vaudeville, musical comedies, jazz and operettas, examples include Irving Berlin's That Opera Rag, Billy Murray's My Cousin Caruso and Louis Armstrong's riffs on Rigoletto and Pagliacci. The subgenre subsequently dwindled after the 1920s but revived during the Rock Music era with albums such as The Who's Tommy and Queen's A Night at The Opera. In the 2000s, terms such as \"popera\", \"poperatic\" and \"popical\" are used to describe the music by popular musicians such as Andrea Bocelli, Il Divo and Romina Arena.
/m/0pml7	Gatineau is a city in western Quebec, Canada. It is the fourth largest city in the province. Located on the northern banks of the Ottawa River, immediately across from Ottawa, together they form Canada's National Capital Region. As of 2011 Gatineau had a population of 265,349, and a metropolitan population of 314,501. The Ottawa–Gatineau census metropolitan area had a population of 1,236,324.\nGatineau is coextensive with a territory equivalent to a regional county municipality and census division of the same name, whose geographical code is 81. It is the seat of the judicial district of Hull.
/m/02x4sn8	The Film Independent's Spirit Award for Best Screenplay is one of the annual Independent Spirit Awards.
/m/07f1x	Thailand, officially the Kingdom of Thailand, formerly known as Siam, is a country located at the centre of the Indochina peninsula in Southeast Asia. It is bordered to the north by Burma and Laos, to the east by Laos and Cambodia, to the south by the Gulf of Thailand and Malaysia, and to the west by the Andaman Sea and the southern extremity of Burma. Its maritime boundaries include Vietnam in the Gulf of Thailand to the southeast, and Indonesia and India in the Andaman Sea to the southwest.\nThe country is a constitutional monarchy, headed by King Rama IX, the ninth king of the House of Chakri, who, having reigned since 1946, is the world's longest-serving current head of state and the longest-reigning monarch in Thai history. The king of Thailand is titled Head of State, Head of the Armed Forces, Adherent of Buddhism, and Upholder of religions.\nThailand is the world's 51st-largest country in terms of total area, with an area of approximately 513,000 km², and is the 20th-most-populous country, with around 64 million people. The capital and largest city is Bangkok, which is Thailand's political, commercial, industrial and cultural hub. About 75% of the population is ethnically Thai, 14% Thai Chinese, and 3% is ethnically Malay; the rest belong to minority groups including Mons, Khmers and various hill tribes. The country's official language is Thai. The primary religion is Buddhism, which is practiced by around 95% of the population.
/m/02qfk4j	Anthony is a Tamil film editor. He has worked in over twenty Tamil, Malayalam, and Telugu language films. This makes him one of the few editors to have worked for the three biggest film industries in India.
/m/01b86_	Over-the-counter drugs are medicines sold directly to a consumer without a prescription from a healthcare professional, as compared to prescription drugs, which may be sold only to consumers possessing a valid prescription. In many countries, OTC drugs are selected by a regulatory agency to ensure that they are ingredients that are safe and effective when used without a physician's care. OTC drugs are usually regulated by active pharmaceutical ingredients, not final products. By regulating APIs instead of specific drug formulations, governments allow manufacturers freedom to formulate ingredients, or combinations of ingredients, into proprietary mixtures.\nThe term over-the-counter may be somewhat counterintuitive, since, in many countries, these drugs are often located on the shelves of stores like any other packaged product. In contrast, prescription drugs are almost always passed over a counter from the pharmacist to the customer. Some drugs may be legally classified as over-the-counter, but may only be dispensed by a pharmacist after an assessment of the patient's needs and/or the provision of patient education. In many countries, a number of OTC drugs are available in establishments without a pharmacy, such as general stores, supermarkets, gas stations, etc. Regulations detailing the establishments where drugs may be sold, who is authorized to dispense them, and whether a prescription is required vary considerably from country to country.
/m/01ffx4	The Red Violin is a 1998 Canadian drama film directed by François Girard. It spans four centuries and five countries as it tells the story of a mysterious violin and its many owners. The film was an international co-production among companies in Canada, Italy, and the United Kingdom.
/m/0b1f49	Brad Alan Grey is the chairman and CEO of Paramount Pictures, a position he has held since 2005. Under Grey’s leadership, Paramount finished No. 1 in global market share in 2011 and No. 2 domestically in 2008, 2009 and 2010 despite releasing significantly fewer films than its competitors. He also has produced 8 out of Paramount's 10 top-grossing pictures of all time since he succeeded Sherry Lansing in 2005.
/m/02wd48	Alan Jeffery Thicke is a Canadian actor, songwriter, and game and talk show host. He is best known for his role as Jason Seaver, the father on the ABC television series Growing Pains. He is the father of actor Brennan Thicke and singer Robin Thicke. In 2013, Thicke was inducted into Canada's Walk of Fame.
/m/011j5x	Post-punk is a rock music genre that paralleled and emerged from the initial punk rock explosion of the late 1970s. The genre is an artsier and more experimental form of punk. Post-punk laid the groundwork for alternative rock by broadening the range of punk and underground music, incorporating elements of krautrock, dub music, American funk and studio experimentation into the genre. It was the focus of the 1980s alternative music/independent scene, and led to the development of genres such as gothic rock and industrial music.
/m/03jqw5	Adam Charles Goldberg is an American actor, director, producer, and musician.
/m/0f6rc	The Chinese Civil War was a civil war in China fought between forces loyal to the government of the Republic of China led by the Kuomintang and forces of the Communist Party of China. The war began in April 1927, amidst the Northern Expedition and essentially ended when major active battles ceased in 1950. The conflict eventually resulted in two de facto states, the Republic of China in Taiwan and the People's Republic of China in mainland China, both claiming to be the legitimate government of China.\nThe war represented an ideological split between the Communist CPC, and the KMT's brand of Nationalism. The civil war continued intermittently until late 1937, when the two parties formed a Second United Front to counter a Japanese invasion. China's full-scale civil war resumed in 1946, a year after the end of hostilities with Japan. After four more years, 1950 saw the cessation of major military hostilities—with the newly founded People's Republic of China controlling mainland China, and the Republic of China's jurisdiction being restricted to Taiwan, Penghu, Quemoy, Matsu and several outlying islands.\nHistorian Odd Arne Westad says the Communists won the Civil War because they made fewer military mistakes than Chiang Kai-shek, and because in his search for a powerful centralized government, Chiang antagonized too many interest groups in China. Furthermore, his party was weakened in the war against the Japanese. Meanwhile the Communists targeted different groups, such as peasants, and brought them to its corner. Chiang wrote in his diary on June 1948 that the KMT had failed, not because of external enemies but because of rot from within. Strong initial support from the U.S. diminished, and then stopped completely primarily because of KMT corruption. Communist land reform policy, which promised poor peasants farmland from their landlords, ensured PLA popular support. After the surrender of Japan at the end of World War II, Soviet forces turned over their captured Japanese weapons to the CPC and allowed the CPC to take control of territory in Manchuria. During the war both the Nationalist and Communists carried out mass atrocities with millions of non-combatants killed by both sides during the civil war. Benjamin Valentino has estimated atrocities in the Chinese Civil War resulted in the death of between 1.8 million and 3.5 million people between 1927 and 1949. Atrocities include deaths from forced conscription and massacres.
/m/09py7	Georgy Konstantinovich Zhukov, was a Soviet career officer in the Red Army who, in the course of World War II, played a role in leading the Red Army drive through much of Eastern Europe to liberate the Soviet Union and other nations from the occupation of the Axis Powers and, ultimately, to conquer Berlin. He is the most decorated general officer in the history of the Soviet Union and Russia.\nAmongst many notable generals in World War II, G. K. Zhukov was placed at the top due to the number and scale of victories, and his talent in operational and strategic command was recognized by many people. Many famous military leaders in the world such as Bernard Law Montgomery and Dwight David Eisenhower had already recognized Zhukov's great contributions in many important victories in the Second World War. His combat achievements became valuable heritages in humanity's military knowledge, exerting great influence on both the Soviet and the whole world's military theory.
/m/01l87db	Bob Geldof is a musician, actor and  political activist.
/m/05hjnw	Brokeback Mountain is a 2005 romantic drama film written by Larry McMurtry, Diana Ossana and directed by Ang Lee.
/m/07w42	The Libertarian Party is an American national political party that reflects, represents and promotes the ideas and philosophies of libertarianism. The Libertarian Party was formed in Colorado Springs, Colorado, in the home of David F. Nolan on December 11, 1971. The founding of the party was prompted in part due to concerns about the Vietnam War, conscription, and the end of the gold standard. Although there is not an explicitly-labeled \"left\" or \"right\" designation of the party, many members, such as 2012 presidential nominee Gary Johnson, state that they are more socially liberal than the Democrats, but more fiscally conservative than the Republicans. The party has generally promoted a classical liberal platform, in contrast to the modern liberal and progressive platform of the Democrats and the more conservative platform of the Republicans. Current policy positions include lowering taxes, allowing people to opt-out of Social Security, abolishing welfare, ending the prohibition on illegal drugs, and supporting gun ownership rights.\nIn the 30 states where voters can register by party, there is a combined total of 330,811 voters registered under the party. By this count the Libertarian Party is the third-largest party by membership in the United States and it is the third-largest political party in the United States in terms of the popular vote in the country's elections and number of candidates run per election. Due to this, it has been labelled by some as the United States' third-largest political party. It is also identified by many as the fastest growing political party in the United States.
/m/07cjqy	Justin Jacob Long is an American actor, known for his roles in the films Jeepers Creepers, Galaxy Quest, Dodgeball, Accepted, Alvin and the Chipmunks, and Live Free or Die Hard, for his role as Warren Cheswick on the NBC TV series Ed, and for his appearances with John Hodgman in TV commercials for Apple's \"Get a Mac\" advertising campaign.
/m/016qwt	South Tyrol, also known by its Italian name Alto Adige, is an autonomous province in northern Italy. It is one of the two autonomous provinces that make up the autonomous region of Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol. The province has an area of 7,400 square kilometres and a total population of 511,750 inhabitants. Its capital is the city of Bolzano.\nThe majority of the population is of Austro-Bavarian heritage and speaks German. Around a quarter of the population speak Italian as first language, mainly concentrated to the two largest cities, and a small minority speak Ladin as their mother language.\nSouth Tyrol is granted a considerable level of self-government, consisting of a large range of exclusive legislative powers and a fiscal regime that allows the province to retain 90% of most levied taxes. Today, South Tyrol is among the wealthiest and most developed regions in Italy and the European Union.\nIn the wider context of the European Union, the province is one of the three members of the Euroregion of Tyrol-South Tyrol-Trentino, which corresponds almost exactly to the historical region of Tyrol.
/m/01l1hr	Gina L. Gershon is an American film, television and stage actress, singer and author, known for her roles in the films Cocktail, Showgirls, Bound, Best of the Best 3: No Turning Back, Face/Off, The Insider, Demonlover, Category 7: The End of the World, P.S. I Love You, Five Minarets in New York, Killer Joe and House of Versace. She has also had supporting roles in FX's Rescue Me and HBO's How to Make It in America.
/m/05vzw3	Mark 'Spike' Stent is an English producer/mixing engineer who has worked with many international artists including: Madonna, U2, Beyoncé, Björk, Depeche Mode, Spice Girls, Lady Gaga, Coldplay, Maroon 5, Muse, Lily Allen, Gwen Stefani, Moby, No Doubt, Usher, Kaiser Chiefs, Linkin Park, Yeah Yeah Yeahs, Oasis, Keane, Massive Attack, and Bastille.\nHe got the nickname 'Spike' in 1987 when he was working as an engineer for producer John Paul Jones on an album for The Mission. The band couldn't remember his name, but could remember his hairstyle and the nickname stuck\nProfessional music software company Waves cloned Stent's mixing desk to create a software plugin, for producers who want to emulate Stent's signature sound. They state that Stent ‘creates mixes across all genres.’
/m/013wf1	Huddersfield is a large market town in the Metropolitan Borough of Kirklees, in West Yorkshire, England, halfway between Leeds and Manchester. It lies 190 miles north of London, and 10.3 miles south of Bradford, the nearest city.\nHuddersfield is near the confluence of the River Colne and the River Holme. Located within the historic county boundaries of the West Riding of Yorkshire, according to the 2001 Census it was the 10th largest town in the UK and with a total resident population of 146,234. It is the largest urban area in the metropolitan borough of Kirklees and the administrative centre of the borough. The town is known for its role in the Industrial Revolution, for being the birthplace of rugby league and birthplace of the British Prime Minister, Harold Wilson.\nHuddersfield is a town known for sport, home to the rugby league team, Huddersfield Giants, founded in 1895, who play in the European Super League and Football League Championship football team Huddersfield Town F.C., founded in 1908. The town is home to the University of Huddersfield and the sixth form colleges Greenhead College, Kirklees College and Huddersfield New College\nHuddersfield is a town of Victorian architecture. Huddersfield railway station is a Grade I listed building described by John Betjeman as 'the most splendid station façade in England' second only to St Pancras, London. The station in St George's Square was renovated at a cost of £4 million and subsequently won the Europa Nostra award for European architecture.
/m/02fjzt	The University of Rhode Island is the principal public research as well as the land grant and sea grant university for the state of Rhode Island. Its main campus is located in the village of Kingston in southern Rhode Island. Additionally, smaller campuses include the Feinstein Campus in Providence, the Narragansett Bay Campus in Narragansett, and the W. Alton Jones Campus in West Greenwich.\nThe university offers bachelor's degrees, master's degrees, and doctoral degrees in 79 undergraduate and 49 graduate areas of study through seven academic colleges. These colleges include Arts and Sciences, Business Administration, Engineering, Human Science and Services, Environment and Life Sciences, Nursing and Pharmacy. Another college, University College serves primarily as an advising college for all incoming undergraduates and follows them through their enrollment at URI.\nThe University currently enrolls about 12,900 undergraduate and 2,900 graduate students. US News and World Report classifies URI as a tier 1 national university, ranking it 152nd overall.
/m/03c9pqt	Toby Emmerich is an American producer, film executive, and screenwriter. He was born in New York City, the son of Constance, a concert pianist, and André Emmerich, a Frankfurt-born gallery owner and art dealer. He has been producer or executive producer of over 50 films, and he also wrote the screenplays to the films Frequency and The Last Mimzy, among other screenplays. After serving as president of production at New Line Cinema, Emmerich became president and chief operating officer of New Line on March 18, 2008. He was also the executive music producer of the films Menace II Society and Above The Rim.\nEmmerich is a graduate of Wesleyan University. He is also the brother of actor Noah Emmerich and Adam Emmerich, a leading mergers & acquisitions lawyer at the firm of Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz in New York. He attended The Calhoun School in New York City prior to college.\nEmmerich is given thanks in the credits of Wayne Kramer's 2006 crime/action thriller film Running Scared.
/m/0cpz4k	America's Got Talent is an American reality television series on the NBC television network, and part of the global British Got Talent franchise. It is a talent show that features singers, dancers, magicians, comedians, and other performers of all ages competing for the advertised top prize of one million dollars. The show debuted in June 2006 for the summer television season. From season three onwards, the prize includes the one million dollars, payable in a financial annuity over 40 years, and a show as the headliner on the Las Vegas Strip. Among its significant features is that it gives an opportunity to talented amateurs or unknown performers, with the results decided by an audience vote. The format is a popular one and has often been reworked for television in the United States and the United Kingdom.\nThis incarnation was created by Simon Cowell, and was originally due to be a 2005 British series called Paul O'Grady's Got Talent but was postponed due to O'Grady's acrimonious split with broadcaster ITV. As such, the American version became the first full series of the franchise. Despite Cowell's involvement in the show's production, his contract with Fox for his involvement with American Idol prevented him from being involved in the show as a judge. After leaving Idol, Cowell began to produce and judge the U.S. version of The X Factor for Fox in 2011.
/m/06kht	The Royal Australian Air Force is the air force branch of the Australian Defence Force. The RAAF was formed in March 1921. It continues the traditions of the Australian Flying Corps, which was formed on 22 October 1912. The RAAF has taken part in many of the 20th century's major conflicts including the Second World War, the Korean War and the Vietnam War. More recently the RAAF participated in the 2003 invasion of Iraq and is still involved with the War in Afghanistan. The motto on the RAAF's coat of arms is the Latin phrase Per ardua ad astra, which means \"Through Adversity to the Stars\".
/m/0fpxp	The Hollywood Squares is an American panel game show, in which two contestants play tic-tac-toe to win cash and prizes. The \"board\" for the game is a 3 × 3 vertical stack of open-faced cubes, each occupied by a celebrity seated at a desk and facing the contestants. The stars are asked questions by the host, and the contestants judge the veracity of their answers in order to win the game.\nAlthough The Hollywood Squares was a legitimate game show, the game largely acted as the background for the show's comedy in the form of joke answers, often given by the stars prior to their \"real\" answer. The show's writers usually supplied the jokes. In addition, the stars were given question subjects and plausible incorrect answers prior to the show. The show was scripted in this sense, but the gameplay was not. In any case, as original host Peter Marshall would explain at the beginning of the Secret Square game, the celebrities were briefed prior to show to help them with bluff answers, but they otherwise heard the actual questions for the first time as they were asked on air.\nIn 2013, TV Guide ranked it number 7 in its list of the 60 greatest game shows ever.
/m/07ghq	The Terminator is a 1984 American horror science fiction action film directed by James Cameron, co-written by Cameron, Gale Anne Hurd and William Wisher, Jr., and starring Arnold Schwarzenegger, Michael Biehn and Linda Hamilton. It was filmed in Los Angeles, produced by Hemdale Film Corporation and distributed by Orion Pictures. Schwarzenegger plays the Terminator, a cyborg assassin sent back in time from the year 2029 to 1984 to kill Sarah Connor, played by Hamilton. Biehn plays Kyle Reese, a soldier from the future sent back in time to protect Sarah.\nThough not expected to be either a commercial or critical success, The Terminator topped the American box office for two weeks and helped launch the film career of Cameron and solidify that of Schwarzenegger. Three sequels have been produced: Terminator 2: Judgment Day, Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines, and Terminator Salvation, as well as a television series, Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles. In 2008, The Terminator was selected by the Library of Congress for preservation in the American National Film Registry, being deemed \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant\".
/m/05md3l	The Munhwa Broadcasting Corporation is one of four major national South Korean television and radio networks, and is the oldest among all commercial broadcasting networks in South Korea. Munhwa is the Korean word for \"culture\". Its flagship terrestrial television station is Channel 11 for Digital. Twice government owned, the network is managed by the Foundation of Broadcast Culture, while the Jung-Su Scholarship Foundation owns 30%. MBC receives no government subsidy, and derives its income almost entirely from commercial advertising. It has 19 regional stations, and 10 subsidiaries. The network evolved from Busan Munhwa Broadcasting Corporation, the first private broadcasting corporation in the country. As of 2011, MBC has over 4,000 employees. It has provided terrestrial digital TV service in the ATSC format since 2001, and T-DMB service since 2005.
/m/01jv1z	Chrysalis Records was a British record label that was created in 1969. The name was both a reference to the pupal stage of a butterfly and a combination of its founders names, Chris Wright and Terry Ellis. It started as the Ellis-Wright Agency.
/m/0byq0v	Football Club Lorient-Bretagne Sud is a French association football club based in Lorient, Brittany. The club was founded in 1926 and currently play in Ligue 1, the top level of French football. Lorient plays its home matches at the Stade du Moustoir located within the city. The team is managed by Christian Gourcuff and captained by goalkeeper Fabien Audard. Gourcuff formerly played for Lorient and is currently in his third stint as manager of the club.\nLorient had a relatively bleak history nationally prior to 1998 when the club made its first appearance in Ligue 1 in the 1998–99 season. Prior to that, Lorient spent the majority of its life as an amateur club. Lorient's achieved its biggest honour in 2002 when the club won the Coupe de France defeating Bastia 1–0 in the final. Lorient has never won Ligue 1, but has won the Championnat National earning this honour in 1995. Regionally, the club has won five Brittany Division d'Honneur titles and six Coupe de Bretagne.\nLorient has most notably served as a springboard club for several present-day internationals such as Laurent Koscielny, André-Pierre Gignac, Michaël Ciani, Kevin Gameiro, Karim Ziani, Bakari Koné, and Seydou Keita. French international Yoann Gourcuff, the son of Christian Gourcuff, began his career at the club before moving to Derby Breton rivals Rennes. In recent years the club has developed a reputation because of its commitment to playing a spectacular brand of football and its long-standing trust in coach Christian Gourcuff, a highly regarded tactician in France in spite of his relative lack of fame abroad.
/m/023wyl	A cornerback is a member of the defensive backfield or secondary in American and Canadian football. Cornerbacks cover receivers, to defend against pass offenses and make tackles. Other members of the defensive backfield include the safeties and occasionally linebackers. The cornerback position requires speed and agility. A cornerback's skillset typically requires proficiency in anticipating the quarterback, back-pedalling, executing single and zone coverage, disrupting pass routes, block shedding, and tackling.
/m/06kknt	Los Angeles City College, known as LACC, is a public community college in East Hollywood, Los Angeles, California. A part of the Los Angeles Community College District, it is located on Vermont Avenue south of Santa Monica Boulevard. LACC offers university transferable courses.\nThe college also offers a program known as The Theater Academy, a block program for students pursuing acting, technical side of theater, or costume design.\nLACC occupies the former campus of the University of California, Los Angeles.
/m/0qm98	Ordinary People is a 1980 American drama film that marked the directorial debut of Robert Redford. It stars Donald Sutherland, Mary Tyler Moore, Judd Hirsch and Timothy Hutton.\nThe story concerns the disintegration of an upper-middle class family in Lake Forest, Illinois, following the death of one of their sons in a boating accident. The screenplay by Alvin Sargent was based upon the 1976 novel Ordinary People by Judith Guest.\nThe film was a critical and commercial success, winning four Oscars, including the Academy Award for Best Picture.
/m/01t3h6	Scarborough is a district and former municipality within the eastern part of the city of Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Scarborough is bordered on the south by Lake Ontario, on the west by Victoria Park Avenue, on the north by Steeles Avenue East, and on the east by the Rouge River and the City of Pickering.\nOver 200 years, Scarborough grew from a collection of small rural villages to become a large city with a diverse cultural community. It was named after the English town of Scarborough, North Yorkshire in 1796 by Elizabeth Simcoe, who was inspired by the Scarborough Bluffs which reminded her of white cliffs near her home. Originally Scarborough Township, it became a borough when it joined Metropolitan Toronto in 1954. Scarborough developed rapidly as a suburb of Old Toronto during the Metro Toronto years and became a city in 1983. Scarborough was amalgamated into the city of Toronto in 1998. The area is an administrative district in the new City of Toronto, and has its own community council composed of Toronto City Councillors. The old City Hall was retained for use by the City of Toronto.\nScarborough is a popular destination for new Asian immigrants to Canada to reside. As a result, Scarborough is one of the most diverse and multicultural areas of the Greater Toronto Area, being home to various religious groups and places of worship. It includes some of Toronto's popular natural landmarks, such as the Scarborough Bluffs and Rouge Park. Scarborough has been declared to be greener than any other part of Toronto.
/m/02t_8z	Josh Weinstein is an American television writer and producer, known for his work on the animated comedy series The Simpsons. Weinstein and Bill Oakley became best friends and writing partners at St. Albans High School; Weinstein then attended Stanford University and was editor-in-chief of the Stanford Chaparral. He worked on several short-term media projects, including writing for the variety show Sunday Best, but was then unemployed for a long period.\nWeinstein and Oakley eventually penned a spec script for Seinfeld, after which they wrote \"Marge Gets a Job\", an episode of The Simpsons. Subsequently, the two were hired to write for the show on a permanent basis in 1992. After they wrote episodes such as \"$pringfield\", \"Bart vs. Australia\" and \"Who Shot Mr. Burns?\", the two were appointed executive producers and showrunners for the seventh and eighth seasons of the show. They attempted to include several emotional episodes focusing on the Simpson family, as well as several high-concept episodes such as \"Homer's Enemy\", \"Two Bad Neighbors\" and \"The Principal and the Pauper\", winning three Primetime Emmy Awards for their work.
/m/0tz01	Gloucester is a city on Cape Ann in Essex County, Massachusetts, in the United States. It is part of Massachusetts' North Shore. The population was 28,789 at the 2010 U.S. Census. An important center of the fishing industry and a popular summer destination, Gloucester consists of an urban core on the north side of the harbor and the outlying neighborhoods of Annisquam, Bay View, Lanesville, Folly Cove, Magnolia, Riverdale, East Gloucester and West Gloucester.
/m/0r03f	Compton is a city in southern Los Angeles County, California, United States, situated south of downtown Los Angeles. The city of Compton is one of the oldest cities in the county and on May 11, 1888, was the eighth city to incorporate. As of the 2010 United States Census, the city had a total population of 96,455. It is known as the \"Hub City\" due to its geographic centrality in Los Angeles County. Neighborhoods in Compton include Sunny Cove, Leland, Downtown Compton, and Richland Farms. The city is generally a working class city with some middle-class neighborhoods and is home to a relatively young community, at an average 25 years of age, compared to the American median age of 35.\nSince the 1980s, the city of Compton has become well known in American popular culture due to many hip hop groups and rappers originating from the community, such as the seminal gangsta rap group N.W.A, best known for their debut album, Straight Outta Compton. The city of Compton as well as southern Los Angeles County in general is notorious for its heavy concentration of gangs and gang violence, such as the Bloods, the Crips, and Sureños, which all originated in the Los Angeles area.
/m/02b16p	Lincoln City Football Club is an English professional association football club based in Lincoln, Lincolnshire. The club is a member of the Conference National following relegation from the Football League.\nThe club plays at the 10,120-capacity Sincil Bank, and are nicknamed the Imps after the legend of the Lincoln Imp. They have also been known as the Red Imps. Traditionally they play in red and white striped shirts with black shorts and red and white socks. Their most recent championship win was the Conference, in the 1987–88 season. This season saw the club set an all-time record attendance for a Conference match, attracting 9,432 spectators in a game against Wycombe Wanderers, on 2 May 1988, the last game of the season. The game also decided the championship, as Lincoln had not occupied the top-spot at any point in the season prior to this 2–0 victory.\nTheir highest ever position achieved came in the 1901–02 season, where they reached 5th position in the English Division 2. The last season that the club spent in this division was in 1960–61, they have never returned since. No team has played as many seasons in the Football League without ever reaching the top tier.
/m/01q9b9	Maya Angelou is an American author and poet. She has published seven autobiographies, three books of essays, and several books of poetry, and is credited with a list of plays, movies, and television shows spanning more than fifty years. She has received dozens of awards and over thirty honorary doctoral degrees. Angelou is best known for her series of seven autobiographies, which focus on her childhood and early adult experiences. The first, I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings, tells of her life up to the age of seventeen, and brought her international recognition and acclaim.\nAngelou's list of occupations includes pimp, prostitute, night-club dancer and performer, castmember of the opera Porgy and Bess, coordinator for the Southern Christian Leadership Conference, author, journalist in Egypt and Ghana during the days of decolonization, and actor, writer, director, and producer of plays, movies, and public television programs. Since 1982, she has taught at Wake Forest University in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, where she holds the first lifetime Reynolds Professorship of American Studies. She was active in the Civil Rights movement, and worked with Martin Luther King, Jr. and Malcolm X. Since the 1990s she has made around eighty appearances a year on the lecture circuit, something she continued into her eighties. In 1993, Angelou recited her poem \"On the Pulse of Morning\" at President Bill Clinton's inauguration, the first poet to make an inaugural recitation since Robert Frost at John F. Kennedy's inauguration in 1961.
/m/02g40r	Atticus Ross is an English musician, composer and producer. Ross, along with Trent Reznor, won the Academy Award for Best Original Score for The Social Network in 2010. In 2013, the pair won a Grammy Award for Best Score Soundtrack for Visual Media for their music for The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
/m/0bg539	Jemaine Atea Mahana Clement is a New Zealand comedian, actor and multi-instrumentalist, best known as one half of the musical comedy duo Flight of the Conchords along with Bret McKenzie.
/m/04s430	Thomas Christopher \"Chris\" Parnell is an American comic actor best known as a cast member on NBC's Saturday Night Live from 1998–2006 and for his role as Dr. Leo Spaceman on NBC's Emmy Award-winning comedy series 30 Rock. Parnell is currently doing voicework for the character Cyril Figgis on the FX animated comedy Archer, and as Jerry in the Adult Swim animated sci-fi/comedy Rick and Morty. He is also co-starring as Fred Shay on the ABC sitcom Suburgatory.
/m/02wrrm	George Harris Kennedy, Jr. is an American actor who has appeared in more than two hundred film and television productions. He is perhaps best known for four of his roles: as the convict \"Dragline\" in Cool Hand Luke, for which he won an Academy Award; as airline mechanic Joe Patroni in all four of the 1970s Airport disaster films; as Captain Ed Hocken in the Naked Gun series of comedy films; and as corrupt oil tycoon Carter McKay on the original Dallas television series.
/m/0c6cwg	The Taliban insurgency began shortly after the group's fall from power following the 2001 war in Afghanistan. The Taliban forces are fighting against the Afghan government, led by President Hamid Karzai, and against the US-led International Security Assistance Force. The insurgency has spread to some degree over the Durand Line border to neighboring Pakistan, in particular the Waziristan region and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. The Taliban conduct low-intensity warfare against civilians, the Afghan National Security Forces and their NATO trainers. Regional countries, particularly Pakistan and Iran, are often accused of funding and supporting the insurgent groups.\nThe leader of the Taliban is Mullah Omar who heads the Quetta Shura. The Haqqani Network, Hezbi Islami, and smaller al Qaeda groups have also joined the insurgency. They often use terrorist attacks in which their victims are usually Afghan civilians. According to reports by the United Nations and others, the insurgents were responsible for 75-80% of civilian casualties between 2009 to 2011.\nAfter the May 2011 death of Osama bin Laden in Pakistan, many prominent Afghan figures were assassinated by the insurgents, including Mohammed Daud Daud, Ahmad Wali Karzai, Jan Mohammad Khan, Ghulam Haider Hamidi, Burhanuddin Rabbani and others. In response to this, major operations were started inside Afghanistan against the insurgents. These are intended to disrupt the network of the insurgents and force them to the negotiation table.
/m/01l29r	This is a list of winners and nominations for the Tony Award for Best Musical, first awarded in 1949. This award is presented to the producers of the musical.
/m/05l4yg	Mary Catherine McCormack is an American actress. She has had leading roles as Justine Appleton in the series Murder One, as Deputy National Security Adviser Kate Harper in The West Wing and as Mary Shannon in In Plain Sight.\nHer film roles include Private Parts; Deep Impact; True Crime; High Heels and Low Lifes; K-PAX; Right at Your Door, and 1408.
/m/0jgg3	Alachua County is a county located in the U.S. state of Florida. As of the 2010 United States Census, the population of the county is 247,336. Alachua County is the home of the University of Florida and is also known for its diverse culture, local music, and artisans. Much of its economy revolves around the university.
/m/03_x5t	Eva De Reyes Mendes is an actress, model, singer, and homeware and clothing designer. She began acting in the late 1990s, and after a series of roles in B movies such as Children of the Corn V: Fields of Terror and Urban Legends: Final Cut, she broke into the Hollywood mainstream with an appearance in Training Day. She has since starred in many films, including All About The Benjamins; 2 Fast 2 Furious, Once Upon a Time in Mexico, Out of Time and Stuck on You; Hitch; Ghost Rider and We Own the Night; The Spirit; The Bad Lieutenant: Port of Call New Orleans; The Other Guys and Last Night; Holy Motors and Girl in Progress and The Place Beyond the Pines.\nMendes has worked as a spokesmodel for Cocio chocolate milk, Magnum ice cream, Revlon make-up, Calvin Klein underwear and perfume, Cartier jewelry, Thierry Mugler perfume, Reebok trainers, Campari apéritif, Pantene shampoo, Morgan clothes and Peek & Cloppenburg clothes. Mendes is the creator of a home decor line, Vida, sold exclusively at Macy's. She launched a bedding collection in 2008 and a dinnerware collection in 2010. She designed a fashion collection for New York & Company in 2013. Mendes is a singer: she has recorded a version of The Windmills of Your Mind and has collaborated with Cee Lo Green on a song entitled Pimps Don't Cry. She lives in the Los Feliz neighborhood of Los Angeles.
/m/099md	A soldier is one who fights as part of an organized land-based armed force; if that force is for hire the person is generally termed a mercenary soldier, or mercenary. The majority of cognates of the word \"soldier\" that exist in other languages have a meaning that embraces both commissioned and non-commissioned officers in national land forces.
/m/02jq1	Elvis Aaron Presley was an American singer, musician, and actor. One of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century, he is often referred to as \"the King of Rock and Roll\", or simply, \"the King\".\nBorn in Tupelo, Mississippi, Presley and his family moved to Memphis, Tennessee, when he was 13 years old. His music career began there in 1954, when he started to work with Sam Phillips, the owner of Sun Records. Accompanied by guitarist Scotty Moore and bassist Bill Black, Presley was an early popularizer of rockabilly, an uptempo, backbeat-driven fusion of country music and rhythm and blues. RCA Victor acquired his contract in a deal arranged by Colonel Tom Parker, who was to manage the singer for more than two decades. Presley's first RCA single, \"Heartbreak Hotel\", released in January 1956, was a number-one hit in the US. He became the leading figure of rock and roll after a series of network television appearances and chart-topping records. His energized interpretations of songs and sexually provocative performance style, combined with a singularly potent mix of influences across color lines that coincided with the dawn of the Civil Rights Movement, made him enormously popular—and controversial.
/m/05hs4r	Heartland rock is a genre of rock music that is exemplified by the commercial success of singer-songwriters Bruce Springsteen, Bob Seger, Tom Petty and John Mellencamp. It was characterized by a straightforward musical style, a concern with the average, blue collar American life, and a conviction that rock music has a social or communal purpose beyond just entertainment. It was also associated with a number of country music artists including Steve Earle and Joe Ely, along with less widely known acts such as Southside Johnny & the Asbury Jukes and the Iron City Houserockers. The genre developed in the 1970s and reached its commercial peak in the 1980s, when it became one of the best-selling genres in the United States. In the 1990s, many established acts faded and the genre began to fragment, but the major figures have continued to record with commercial success.
/m/0225bv	The University of Louisville is a public university in Louisville, Kentucky, a member of the Kentucky state university system. When founded in 1798, it was the first city-owned public university in the United States and one of the first universities chartered west of the Allegheny Mountains. The university is mandated by the Kentucky General Assembly to be a \"Preeminent Metropolitan Research University\". U of L enrolls students from 118 of 120 Kentucky counties, all 50 U.S. states, and 116 countries around the world.\nResearchers from the University of Louisville Health Sciences Center participated in the development of a highly effective vaccine against cervical cancer in 2006, the first fully self-contained artificial heart transplant surgery, the first successful hand transplantation, and the development of the Pap smear test. The University Hospital is also credited with the first civilian ambulance, the nation's first accident services, now known as an emergency room, and one of the first blood banks in the US.\nBetween 1999 and 2006 U of L was one of the fastest growing medical research institutions according to National Institutes of Health rankings. As of 2006, the melanoma clinic ranked third in among public universities in NIH funding, the neurology research program fourth, and the spinal cord research program 10th.
/m/0qm9n	Coal Miner's Daughter is a 1980 biographical film which tells the story of country music legendary singer Loretta Lynn. It stars Sissy Spacek as Loretta, a role that earned her the Academy Award for Best Actress. Tommy Lee Jones as Loretta's husband Mooney Lynn, Beverly D'Angelo and Levon Helm also star. The film was directed by Michael Apted.\nHelm made his screen debut as Loretta's father, Ted Webb. Ernest Tubb, Roy Acuff, and Minnie Pearl all make cameo appearances as themselves.\nThe film was adapted from Loretta Lynn's 1976 autobiography written with George Vecsey. At the time of the film's release, Loretta was 48 years old.
/m/0cqhk0	The Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Comedy Series is an award given by the Screen Actors Guild to honor the finest acting achievements in Comedy Series.
/m/043s3	John Locke FRS, was an English philosopher and physician regarded as one of the most influential of Enlightenment thinkers and known as the \"Father of Classical Liberalism\", Considered one of the first of the British empiricists, following the tradition of Francis Bacon, he is equally important to social contract theory. His work greatly affected the development of epistemology and political philosophy. His writings influenced Voltaire and Rousseau, many Scottish Enlightenment thinkers, as well as the American revolutionaries. His contributions to classical republicanism and liberal theory are reflected in the United States Declaration of Independence.\nLocke's theory of mind is often cited as the origin of modern conceptions of identity and the self, figuring prominently in the work of later philosophers such as Hume, Rousseau and Kant. Locke was the first to define the self through a continuity of consciousness. He postulated that, at birth, the mind was a blank slate or tabula rasa. Contrary to Cartesian philosophy based on pre-existing concepts, he maintained that we are born without innate ideas, and that knowledge is instead determined only by experience derived from sense perception.
/m/06vlk0	VVV-Venlo is a football club from Venlo in the Netherlands, currently playing in the Eerste Divisie. The club plays its home games in the De Koel stadium, known as Seacon Stadion – De Koel - for sponsorship reasons.\nVVV returned to the Eredivisie, the highest league in the Netherlands, by defeating RKC Waalwijk in the promotion/relegation play-offs of the season 2006-2007. After one season in the Eredivisie, VVV-Venlo were relegated back to the Eerste Divisie. After a single season, VVV-Venlo won the Eerste Divisie 2008-09 title and returned to the Eredivisie.\nIn the 2009-2010 season the team booked its best league result since 1988, finishing 12th in the Eredivisie. Another remarkable event was the transfer of star player Keisuke Honda to CSKA Moscow. They also signed toddler Baerke van der Meij on a symbolic 10-year contract, after a video featuring him scoring a hat trick into a toy box went viral.
/m/0gqpg	In biological classification, class is:\na taxonomic rank. Other well-known ranks are life, domain, kingdom, phylum, order, family, genus, and species, with class fitting between phylum and order. As for the other well-known ranks, there is the option of an immediately lower rank, indicated by the prefix sub-: subclass.\na taxonomic unit, a taxon, in that rank. In that case the plural is classes\nThe composition of each class is determined by a taxonomist. Often there is no exact agreement, with different taxonomists taking different positions. There are no hard rules that a taxonomist needs to follow in describing a class, but for well-known animals there is likely to be consensus. For example, dogs are usually assigned to the phylum Chordata; in the class Mammalia; in the order Carnivora.
/m/07w21	Ursula Kroeber Le Guin is an American author of novels, children's books, and short stories, mainly in the genres of fantasy and science fiction. She has also written poetry and essays. First published in the 1960s, her work has often depicted futuristic or imaginary alternative worlds in politics, natural environment, gender, religion, sexuality and ethnography.\nShe was influenced by fantasy writers like J. R. R. Tolkien, by science fiction writers like Philip K. Dick, by central figures of Western literature like Leo Tolstoy, Virgil and the Brontë sisters, by feminist writers like Virginia Woolf, by children's literature like Alice in Wonderland, The Wind in the Willows, The Jungle Book, by Norse mythology, and by books from the Eastern tradition such as the Tao Te Ching. In turn, she influenced such Booker Prize winners and other writers, as Salman Rushdie and David Mitchell – and notable futurism and fantasy writers like Neil Gaiman and Iain Banks. She has won the Hugo Award, Nebula Award, Locus Award, and World Fantasy Award, each more than once.
/m/08gwzt	Dirk Klaas Jan \"Klaas-Jan\" Huntelaar, nicknamed The Hunter, is a Dutch footballer who plays as a striker for Schalke 04 and the Dutch national football team. Huntelaar is a prolific striker with brilliant technique and athleticism and has been compared in style to players such as Marco van Basten and Ruud van Nistelrooy. Current Netherlands and former Barcelona and Bayern Munich manager Louis van Gaal has been quoted saying about the player \"in the penalty area, he is the best player in the world, bar none.\"\nNamed Dutch Football Talent of the Year and Ajax \"Player of the Year\" in 2006, Huntelaar was a part of the Dutch side that won the 2006 UEFA U-21 Championship where he became the tournament's leading goalscorer. He was also named as one of two strikers in the UEFA Team of the Tournament. He is the all-time top scorer of the Netherlands U-21 national team with 18 goals in 22 appearances. In domestic competition he finished top scorer in the Eredivisie 2005–06 and 2007–08 seasons. Huntelaar played previously for PSV, De Graafschap, AGOVV Apeldoorn, Heerenveen, Ajax, Real Madrid, and Milan, before joining Schalke in August 2010, for whom he won top-goalscorer in the 2011–12 Bundesliga with 29 league goals.
/m/02rh_0	Sport Lisboa e Benfica, commonly known as Benfica or SLB, is a Portuguese multi-sport club based in Lisbon, Portugal. The club is mostly known for its professional football team.\nFounded on 28 February 1904, Benfica is one of the \"Três Grandes\" football clubs in Portugal. Benfica is the most widely supported football club and the twenty-sixth richest football club in terms of revenue, with an annual turnover of €109.2 million. The motto of the club is \"E pluribus unum\" and the official anthem is \"Ser Benfiquista\". Benfica team is referred to as \"Águias\" or \"Encarnados\", while the supporters are called \"Benfiquistas\".\nDomestically, Benfica has won a record of 32 Primeira Liga titles, a record of 24 Taça de Portugal, a record of 9 Doubles, a record of 4 Taça da Liga, 3 Campeonato de Portugal and 4 Supertaça Cândido de Oliveira. Benfica was the first club in the history of the Primeira Liga to have completed an entire 30 game season unbeaten, in 1972–73—achieving the largest difference ever between champions and runners-up in a 2 points per win system—and was also the first to do it twice, in 1977–78. Benfica holds the Portuguese record of 56 games without a defeat in domestic league, between 1976–77 and 1978–79. Benfica is the most successful club in Portuguese competitions with 67 titles, having 69 titles overall, and it is the only club to have won all the domestic competitions.
/m/044rvb	Jonathan Kimble \"J. K.\" Simmons is an American actor. He is best known for his roles on television as Dr. Emil Skoda in NBC's Law & Order, neo-Nazi Vernon Schillinger in the HBO prison drama Oz, and as Assistant Police Chief Will Pope on TNT's The Closer; on film as J. Jonah Jameson in Sam Raimi's Spider-Man trilogy, and for voice-over work in animation and video games.
/m/03qmg1	The baritone saxophone or \"bari sax\" is one of the largest members of the saxophone family, only being smaller than the bass, contrabass and subcontrabass saxophones. It is the lowest-pitched saxophone in common use, and uses a mouthpiece, reed, and ligature that are larger than the tenor, alto, and soprano saxophones, the other commonly found members of the family.
/m/034cm	Great Britain, also known as Britain, is an island in the Atlantic Ocean off the north-western coast of continental Europe. It is the ninth-largest island in the world and the largest island in Europe. With a population of about 61 million people in 2011, it is the third-most populous island in the world, after Java and Honshū. It is surrounded by over 1,000 smaller islands. Politically, Great Britain refers to the island together with a number of surrounding islands, which constitute the territory of England, Scotland and Wales. The island of Ireland lies to its west.\nGreat Britain is part of the sovereign state of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, constituting most of its territory: most of England, Scotland and Wales are on the island of Great Britain, with their respective capital cities, London, Edinburgh and Cardiff.\nThe Kingdom of Great Britain resulted from the union of the kingdoms of England and Scotland in 1707. Subsequently, in 1801, the Kingdom of Great Britain united with the neighbouring Kingdom of Ireland forming the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. When five-sixths of Ireland seceded from the United Kingdom in 1922, the state was renamed the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
/m/01sxly	A Fish Called Wanda is a 1988 heist-comedy film written by John Cleese and Charles Crichton. It was directed by Crichton and stars Cleese, Jamie Lee Curtis, Kevin Kline, and Michael Palin. The film is about a jewel heist and its aftermath. Kline won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his performance as Otto. Cleese and Palin won BAFTA Awards for Best Lead and Best Supporting for their acting.
/m/025ldg	Kelly Brianne Blackstock is an American singer-songwriter and occasional actress. In 2002, she rose to fame after winning the first season of American Idol, and has since been established as \"The Original American Idol.\" Her debut single, \"A Moment Like This\", topped the US Billboard Hot 100 and broke the record for the biggest jump to number one in the chart's history; it became the best-selling single of the year in the country. She became the runner-up of World Idol the following year.\nClarkson's debut studio album, Thankful, has been certified 2× platinum and sold over 4.5 million copies internationally. Its lead single, \"Miss Independent,\" became an international hit, earning Clarkson her first Grammy nomination. She developed a rock-oriented sound with the release of her sophomore album, Breakaway. It has been certified 6× platinum and sold over 12 million copies worldwide, earning Clarkson two Grammy Awards, including one for the hit single \"Since U Been Gone.\" She later took full creative direction of her third album, My December, which has been certified platinum. Its lead single, \"Never Again,\" became a top ten hit. Clarkson's fourth album, All I Ever Wanted, debuted at number one, and became a critical and commercial success. Its worldwide hit single, \"My Life Would Suck Without You\", surpassed \"A Moment Like This\" for the biggest leap to number one on a single week in the history of the Billboard Hot 100 Chart from number 97, a record it still holds today. Her fifth album, Stronger, generated international chart-topping singles, \"Mr. Know It All\" and \"Stronger,\" with the latter being the best selling American Idol single to date with over five million copies worldwide, becoming one of the best-selling singles of all time. The album won the Grammy Award for Best Pop Vocal Album, making Clarkson the first and only artist to win the award twice. In 2012, Clarkson released Greatest Hits – Chapter One; its lead single, \"Catch My Breath,\" became her twenty-fourth entry on the Hot 100 and eleventh million-selling single. Clarkson's sixth album and first Christmas-themed release, Wrapped in Red, became the best-selling holiday album of the year, making her the first American female artist to achieve this feat.
/m/06khd	The Royal Australian Navy is the naval branch of the Australian Defence Force. Following the Federation of Australia in 1901, the ships and resources of the separate colonial navies were integrated into a national force: the Commonwealth Naval Forces. Originally intended for local defence, the navy was granted the title of 'Royal Australian Navy' in 1911, and became increasingly responsible for defence of the region.\nBritain's Royal Navy continued to support the RAN and provided additional blue-water defence capability in the Pacific up to the early years of World War II. Then, rapid wartime expansion saw the acquisition of large surface vessels and the building of many smaller warships. In the decade following the war, the RAN acquired a small number of aircraft carriers, the last of these paying off in 1982.\nToday, the RAN consists of 51 commissioned vessels and over 16,000 personnel. The navy is one of the largest and most sophisticated naval forces in the Pacific region, with a significant presence in the Indian Ocean and worldwide operations in support of military campaigns and peacekeeping missions. The current Chief of Navy is Vice Admiral Ray Griggs.
/m/01z26v	Harlow is a new town and local government district in Essex, England. It is located in the west of the county and on the border with Hertfordshire, on the Stort Valley, The town is near the M11 motorway and forms part of the London commuter belt. At the time of the 2011 Census, Harlow's population was recorded at 81,944. The Office of National Statistics estimated that Harlow's population in June 2012 was 82,700. Harlow has good transport links being only 30 miles from London via the M11 motorway and the town is on the main railway line between London Liverpool Street and Cambridge. Harlow is only sixteen miles away from Stansted Airport and can again be accessed quickly via the M11 motorway heading north.
/m/02b168	Leyton Orient F.C. are a professional football club in Leyton, in the London Borough of Waltham Forest, England. They play in Football League One, the third tier in the English football league system, and are known to their fans as the O's.\nLeyton Orient have spent one season in the top flight of English football, in 1962–63. In 1978, Orient reached the semi-finals of the FA Cup for the only time in their history, under the management of Jimmy Bloomfield, but were beaten 3–0 by Arsenal. Between October 1993 and September 1995, Orient did not win a single away game in the league, leaving them bottom of Division Two in 1994–95. They reached the Johnstone's Paint Southern Area Final in 2012–13, but were beaten 3–2 on aggregate by Southend United, missing out on a chance to go to Wembley.\nLeyton Orient's home ground Brisbane Road is officially known as the Matchroom Stadium after club chairman Barry Hearn's sports promotion company. Hearn became chairman in 1995 after the club was put on sale for £5 by then-chairman Tony Wood whose coffee-growing business in Rwanda had been destroyed in the country's civil war. The period of the club's near-closure was covered by the television documentary Orient: Club for a Fiver.
/m/042g97	Superman III is a 1983 superhero film directed by Richard Lester. It is the third film in the Superman film series based upon the long-running DC Comics superhero. The film is the last Superman film to be produced by Alexander Salkind and Ilya Salkind and stars Christopher Reeve, Richard Pryor, Annette O'Toole, Annie Ross, Pamela Stephenson, and Robert Vaughn. This film is followed by, Superman IV: The Quest For Peace released on July, 23 1987.\nAlthough the film still managed to recoup its $39,000,000 budget, it was less successful than the first two Superman movies, both financially and critically. While harsh criticism focused on the film's comedic and campy tone, as well as the casting and performance of Pryor, Reeve was praised for his much darker performance as the corrupted Superman. Following the release of this movie, Pryor signed a five-year contract with Columbia Pictures worth $40 million.
/m/01fxg8	The Pontifical Gregorian University is a pontifical university located in Rome, Italy.\nOriginally founded as the Collegio Romano in 1551 by Saint Ignatius of Loyola over 460 years ago, the Gregorian University was the first university founded by the Society of Jesus, otherwise known as the Jesuits. Its present name was a given by Pope Gregory XIII. Containing faculties and institutes of various disciplines of the humanities, the Gregorian has one of the largest and most distinguished theology departments in the world, with over 1600 students from over 130 countries.
/m/017323	The Delta blues is one of the earliest styles of blues music. It originated in the Mississippi Delta, a region of the United States that stretches from Memphis, Tennessee in the north to Vicksburg, Mississippi in the south, Helena, Arkansas in the west to the Yazoo River on the east. The Mississippi Delta area is famous both for its fertile soil and its poverty. Guitar, harmonica and cigar box guitar are the dominant instruments used, with slide guitar being a hallmark of the style. The vocal styles range from introspective and soulful to passionate and fiery. Delta blues is also regarded as a regional variation of country blues.
/m/0d085	The Pulitzer Prize for Drama is one of the seven American Pulitzer Prizes that are annually awarded for Letters, Drama, and Music. It is one of the original Pulitzers, for the program was inaugurated in 1917 with seven prizes, four of which were awarded that year. It recognizes a theatrical work staged in the U.S. during the preceding calendar year.\nThrough 2006 the Drama Prize was unlike the majority of the other Pulitzer Prizes: during these years, the eligibility period for the drama prize ran from March 2 to March 1, to reflect the Broadway 'season' rather than the calendar year. The decision was made, however, that the 2007 Prize would consider works staged during an eligibility period of January 1 to December 31, 2006—thus bringing the schedule for the Drama Prize in line with those of the other prizes.\nThe drama jury, which consists of one academic and four critics, attends plays in New York and in regional theaters. The Pulitzer board has the authority to overrule the jury's choice, however, as happened in 1986 when the jury chose the CIVIL warS to receive the prize, but due to the board's opposition no award was given.
/m/015_z1	Gillingham Football Club is an English professional football club based in the town of Gillingham, Kent. The only Kent-based club in the Football League, the \"Gills\" play their home matches at the Priestfield Stadium. In 2013–14, Gillingham compete in Football League One, the third tier in the English football league system, after gaining promotion from Football League Two as champions the previous season.\nThe club was founded in 1893 and joined the Football League in 1920. They were voted out of the league in favour of Ipswich Town at the end of the 1937–38 season, but returned to it 12 years later after it was expanded from 88 to 92 clubs. Twice in the late 1980s they came close to winning promotion to the second tier of English football, but a decline then set in and in 1993 they narrowly avoided relegation to the Football Conference. Between 2000 and 2005, Gillingham were in the second tier of the English football league system for the only time in their history, achieving a club record highest league finish of eleventh place in 2002–03.
/m/0kq2	Agnosticism is the view that the truth values of certain claims—especially claims about the existence or non-existence of any deity, as well as other religious and metaphysical claims—are unknown or unknowable. Agnosticism sometimes indicates doubt or a skeptical approach to questions. According to the philosopher William L. Rowe, an agnostic is someone who holds neither the belief that God exists nor the belief that God does not exist.\nThomas Henry Huxley, an English biologist, coined the word agnostic in 1869. However, earlier thinkers have written works that promoted agnostic points of view. These thinkers include Sanjaya Belatthaputta, a 5th-century BCE Indian philosopher who expressed agnosticism about any afterlife, Protagoras, a 5th-century BCE Greek philosopher was agnostic about the gods. The Nasadiya Sukta in the Rigveda is agnostic about the origin of the universe.\nSince the time that Huxley coined the term, many other thinkers have extensively written about agnosticism.
/m/03f2w	The German Democratic Republic, colloquially known in English as East Germany, was a state within the Eastern Bloc during the Cold War period. From 1949 to 1990, it administered the region of Germany which was occupied by Soviet forces at the end of the Second World War—the Soviet Occupation Zone of the Potsdam Agreement, bounded on the east by the Oder-Neisse line. The Soviet zone surrounded West Berlin, but did not include it; as a result, West Berlin remained outside the control of the GDR.\nThe German Democratic Republic was established in the Soviet Zone, while the Federal Republic was established in the three western zones. The East was often described as a satellite state of the Soviet Union. Soviet occupation authorities began transferring administrative responsibility to German communist leaders in 1948, and the GDR began to function as a state on 7 October 1949. Soviet forces however remained in the country throughout the Cold War to counter the heavy US military presence in the West. The Stasi security force was established to defend the state against political subversion and was helped by the Soviet Army to suppress an anti-Stalinist uprising in 1953. Until 1989, the GDR was governed by the Socialist Unity Party with other parties functioning in its alliance organisation, the National Front of Democratic Germany.
/m/04gny	A trade union, labour union or labor union is an organization of workers who have united together to achieve common goals such as protecting the integrity of its trade, achieving higher pay, increasing the number of employees an employer hires, and better working conditions. The trade union, through its leadership, bargains with the employer on behalf of union members and negotiates labour contracts with employers. The most common purpose of these associations or unions is \"maintaining or improving the conditions of their employment\". This may include the negotiation of wages, work rules, complaint procedures, rules governing hiring, firing and promotion of workers, benefits, workplace safety and policies.\nUnions may organize a particular section of skilled workers, a cross-section of workers from various trades, or attempt to organize all workers within a particular industry. The agreements negotiated by a union are binding on the rank and file members and the employer and in some cases on other non-member workers. Trade unions traditionally have a constitution which details the governance of their bargaining unit and also have governance at various levels of government depending on the industry that binds them legally to their negotiations and functioning.
/m/04x_3	Mechanical engineering is a discipline of engineering that applies the principles of engineering, physics and materials science for analysis, design, manufacturing, and maintenance of mechanical systems. It is the branch of engineering that involves the production and usage of heat and mechanical power for the design, production, and operation of machines and tools. It is one of the oldest and broadest engineering disciplines.\nThe engineering field requires an understanding of core concepts including mechanics, kinematics, thermodynamics, materials science, structural analysis, and electricity. Mechanical engineers use these core principles along with tools like computer-aided engineering, and product lifecycle management to design and analyze manufacturing plants, industrial equipment and machinery, heating and cooling systems, transport systems, aircraft, watercraft, robotics, medical devices, weapons, and others.\nMechanical engineering emerged as a field during the industrial revolution in Europe in the 18th century; however, its development can be traced back several thousand years around the world. Mechanical engineering science emerged in the 19th century as a result of developments in the field of physics. The field has continually evolved to incorporate advancements in technology, and mechanical engineers today are pursuing developments in such fields as composites, mechatronics, and nanotechnology. Mechanical engineering overlaps with aerospace engineering, metallurgical engineering, civil engineering, electrical engineering, petroleum engineering, manufacturing engineering, chemical engineering, and other engineering disciplines to varying amounts. Mechanical engineers may also work in the field of Biomedical engineering, specifically with biomechanics, transport phenomena, biomechatronics, bionanotechnology and modeling of biological systems, like soft tissue mechanics.
/m/0408m53	The House Bunny is a 2008 romantic comedy film directed by Fred Wolf, written by Kirsten Smith and Karen McCullah Lutz, and starring Anna Faris as a former Playboy bunny who signs up to be the \"house mother\" of an unpopular university sorority after being conned by a rival into believing she is now too old by Playboy standards.
/m/0fxyd	Montgomery County, locally also referred to as Montco, is a county located in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in the United States. As of the 2010 census, the population was 799,874, making it the third most populous county in Pennsylvania, after Philadelphia and Allegheny counties. The county seat is Norristown. Montgomery County is very diverse, ranging from farms and open land in Upper Hanover to densely populated rowhouse streets in Cheltenham.\nThe county was created on September 10, 1784, out of land originally part of Philadelphia County. The first courthouse was housed in the Barley Sheaf Inn. It is believed to have been named either for Richard Montgomery, an American Revolutionary War general killed in 1775 while attempting to capture Quebec City, Canada, or for the Welsh county of Montgomeryshire, as it was part of the Welsh Tract, an area of Pennsylvania settled by Quakers from Wales. Early histories of the county indicate the origin of the county's name as uncertain.\nMontgomery County is a suburban county northwest of Philadelphia. It is part of the Delaware Valley and marks the region's northern border, with the Lehigh Valley region of the state to the north. In 2010 it was the 51st wealthiest county in the country. In 2008 it was named the 9th Best Place to Raise a Family by Forbes.
/m/02bqxb	The Fly is a 1986 American science fiction horror film directed and co-written by David Cronenberg. Produced by Brooksfilms and distributed by 20th Century Fox, the film stars Jeff Goldblum, Geena Davis and John Getz. It is based loosely on George Langelaan's 1957 short story of the same name, which also formed the basis for the 1958 film. The score was composed by Howard Shore and the make-up effects were created by Chris Walas, who, along with makeup artist Stephan Dupuis won the Academy Award for Best Makeup.
/m/0b68vs	Corinne Bailey Rae is a British singer-songwriter and guitarist from Leeds, West Yorkshire. Bailey Rae was named the number-one predicted breakthrough act of 2006 in an annual BBC poll of music critics, Sound of 2006. She released her debut album, Corinne Bailey Rae, in February 2006, and became the fourth female British act in history to have her first album debut at number one. In 2007, Bailey Rae was nominated for three Grammy Awards and three Brit Awards, and won two MOBO Awards. In 2008, she won a Grammy Award for Album of the Year.\nBailey Rae released her second album, The Sea, on 26 January 2010, after a hiatus of almost three years. It was produced by Steve Brown and Steve Chrisanthou. She was nominated for the 2010 Mercury Prize for Album of the Year. In 2012, she won a Grammy Award for Best R&B Performance\". Bailey Rae was married to fellow musician Jason Rae from 2001 until his death in 2008, and as part of the grieving process, she channelled her emotions into her music. Her two albums have together sold over five million copies worldwide.
/m/0pkgt	Jerry Herman is an American composer and lyricist, known for his work in Broadway musical theater. He composed the scores for the hit Broadway musicals Hello, Dolly!, Mame, and La Cage aux Folles. He has been nominated for the Tony Award five times, and won twice, for Hello, Dolly! and La Cage aux Folles. In 2009, Herman received the Tony Award for Lifetime Achievement in the Theatre. He is a recipient of the 2010 Kennedy Center Honors.
/m/064r9cb	Universal Republic Records was a record label, owned by Universal Music Group. It was based on the then-defunct Republic Records label founded by brothers Monte and Avery Lipman. In the summer of 2011, changes were made at one of the three Universal Music Group umbrella labels, Universal Motown Republic Group, and Motown Records was separated from Universal Motown Records and the umbrella label and merged into The Island Def Jam Music Group, making Universal Republic Records a stand alone label and shutting down Universal Motown Republic Group. In mid-2012, the label reverted to its original Republic Records name, making this label defunct.
/m/013d_f	East Lansing is a city in the U.S. state of Michigan. The city is located directly east of Lansing, Michigan, the state's capital. Most of the city is within Ingham County, though a small portion lies in Clinton County. The population was 48,579 at the time of the 2010 census, an increase from 46,420 at the 2000 census. It is best known as the home of Michigan State University.
/m/02q3s	The Eurovision Song Contest, often shortened ESC, or Eurovision, is an annual song competition held among the member countries of the European Broadcasting Union since 1956.\nEach member country submits a song to be performed on live television and radio and then casts votes for the other countries' songs to determine the most popular song in the competition. The contest has been broadcast every year since its inauguration in 1956 and is one of the longest-running television programmes in the world. It is also one of the most watched non-sporting events in the world, with audience figures having been quoted in recent years as anything between 100 million and 600 million internationally. Eurovision has also been broadcast outside Europe to such places as Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, Colombia, Egypt, India, Japan, Jordan, Mexico, New Zealand, the Philippines, South Korea, Taiwan, Thailand, the United States, Uruguay and Venezuela despite the fact that they do not compete. Since 2000, the contest has also been broadcast over the Internet, via the Eurovision website.\nWinning the Eurovision Song Contest provides an opportunity for the winning artists to capitalise on the surrounding publicity and further their career. Artists whose international careers were directly launched into the spotlight following their participation at Eurovision include Domenico Modugno, who came third with the song \"Nel blu dipinto di blu\" in 1958, ABBA, who won the contest for Sweden in 1974 with \"Waterloo\", Céline Dion, who won for Switzerland in 1988 with \"Ne partez pas sans moi\", the Spaniard Julio Iglesias, who has sold over 300 million records worldwide, and Bucks Fizz, who won in 1981 for the UK with \"Making Your Mind Up\".
/m/01tz_d	The Houston Aeros were a professional ice hockey team in the American Hockey League. The team played in Houston, Texas, at the Toyota Center. They were the AHL affiliate of the NHL's Minnesota Wild. The Aero's last game was an away game defeat to the Grand Rapids Griffins in the Calder Cup Quarterfinals with the score being 7-0 Griffins.\nOn April 19, 2013, it was announced that the Aeros would be moving to Des Moines, Iowa beginning with the 2013–14 AHL season, where they will play at the Wells Fargo Arena and be known as the Iowa Wild.
/m/0lwkz	Languedoc-Roussillon is one of the 27 regions of France. It comprises five departments, and borders the other French regions of Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur, Rhône-Alpes, Auvergne, Midi-Pyrénées on the one side, and Spain, Andorra and the Mediterranean Sea on the other side. It is the southernmost region of mainland France.
/m/05nn2c	Davis Entertainment is an American independent film production company, founded by John Davis in 1986.\nDavis’s three divisions–-feature film, independent film, and television-–develop and produce film and television projects for the major studios, independent distributors, networks and cable broadcasters. The Company has enjoyed a long-standing first-look production deal at 20th Century Fox, though also produces projects for all studios and mini-majors.
/m/06lq2g	Chill-out music is an umbrella term for several styles of electronic music characterized by their mellow style and mid-tempo beats — \"chill\" being derived from a slang injunction to \"relax.\"\nChill out music emerged in the early and mid-1990s in \"chill rooms\" at dance clubs, where relaxing music was played to allow dancers a chance to \"chill out\" from the more emphatic and fast-tempo music played on the main dance floor.\nThe genres associated with chill-out are mostly ambient, trip-hop, nu jazz, ambient house, New Age and other sub-genres of downtempo. Sometimes the easy listening sub-genre lounge is considered to belong to the chill-out collection as well. Chill out as a musical genre or description is synonymous with the more recently popularized terms \"smooth electronica\" and \"soft techno\" and is a loose genre of music blurring into several other very distinct styles of electronic and lo-fi music. It can also take on more ethnic flavors such as Indian, Middle Eastern or Spanish influences, one particular sub-genre being Flamenco Chill also known as Flamenco Electronic, perhaps best exemplified by early recordings of Chambao.
/m/02k_px	The Province of Santa Fe is a province of Argentina, located in the center-east of the country. Neighboring provinces are from the north clockwise Chaco, Corrientes, Entre Ríos, Buenos Aires, Córdoba, and Santiago del Estero. Together with Córdoba and Entre Ríos, the province is part of the economico-political association known as the Center Region.\nSanta Fe's most important cities are Rosario, the capital Santa Fe, Rafaela, Villa Gobernador Gálvez, Venado Tuerto, Reconquista, and Santo Tomé.\nThe adult literacy rate in the province is 96.3%
/m/020y73	Enemy at the Gates is a 2001 war film directed by Jean-Jacques Annaud, starring Joseph Fiennes, Jude Law, Rachel Weisz, Bob Hoskins and Ed Harris set during the Battle of Stalingrad in World War II.\nThe film's title is taken from William Craig's 1973 nonfiction book Enemy at the Gates: The Battle for Stalingrad, which describes the events surrounding the Battle of Stalingrad from 1942–1943. While fictional, the film is loosely based on war stories told by Soviet sniper Vasily Zaitsev.
/m/01vnbh	Two and a Half Men is an American television sitcom that was first broadcast on CBS on September 22, 2003. Starring Charlie Sheen, Jon Cryer, and Angus T. Jones, the show was originally about a hedonistic jingle writer, Charlie Harper; his uptight brother, Alan; and Alan's growing son, Jake. After Alan divorces, he moves with his son to share Charlie's beach-front Malibu house and complicate Charlie's free-wheeling life.\nIn 2010, CBS and Warner Bros. Television reached a multi-year broadcast agreement for the series, renewing it through at least the 2011–12 season. But, on February 24, 2011, CBS and Warner Bros. decided to end production for the rest of the eighth season after Sheen entered drug rehabilitation and made \"disparaging comments\" about the show's creator and executive producer Chuck Lorre. Sheen's contract was terminated on March 7.\nThe ninth-season premiere, \"Nice to Meet You, Walden Schmidt\", killed off Sheen's character and introduced Ashton Kutcher as Walden Schmidt, his replacement. Alan is shown moving on with his life after the death of Charlie. He has a new best friend and housemate, Schmidt, who is dealing with his own troubles following a bad divorce. Schmidt, Alan, and Jake eventually bond, becoming close friends and forming a surrogate family unit. Jake, who joins the army at the end of season nine, leaves for Japan at the end of season ten.
/m/0y617	Troy is a city in the US State of New York and the seat of Rensselaer County. Troy is located on the western edge of Rensselaer County and on the eastern bank of the Hudson River. Troy has close ties to the nearby cities of Albany and Schenectady, forming a region popularly called the Capital District. The city is one of the three major centers for the Albany-Schenectady-Troy Metropolitan Statistical Area, which has a population of 850,957. At the 2010 census, the population of Troy was 50,129. Troy's motto is Ilium fuit, Troja est, which means \"Ilium was, Troy is\".\nBefore European arrival, the area was settled by the Mahican Indian tribe. There were at least two settlements within today's city limits, Panhooseck and Paanpack. The Dutch began settling in the mid 17th century; the patroon Kiliaen van Rensselaer called the area Pafraets Dael, after his mother. Control of New York passed to the English in 1664 and in 1707 Derick Van der Heyden purchased a farm near today's downtown area. In 1771 Abraham Lansing had his farm in today's Lansingburgh laid out into lots. Responding to Lansing's success to the north, in 1787, Van der Heyden's grandson Jacob had his extensive holdings surveyed and laid out into lots as well, calling the new village Vanderheyden.
/m/022jr5	Memorial University of Newfoundland is a comprehensive university located primarily in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.\nWith historical strengths in education, engineering, business, geology, and medicine, it is one of the top comprehensive universities in Canada. With over 17,500 students, it is also the largest university in Atlantic Canada. MUN's four main campuses are served by more than 1100 faculty and 2,300 staff members. Memorial University of Newfoundland has been featured in the SJTU World university rankings, the TOP 500 and many other rankings. Memorial University of Newfoundland is a member of the prestigious International Association of Universities.
/m/02508x	Richard Mark Hammond is an English presenter, writer, and journalist. He is most noted for co-hosting the car programme Top Gear with Jeremy Clarkson and James May, as well as presenting series 1–4 of Brainiac: Science Abuse on Sky1. Hammond co-hosted Total Wipeout with Amanda Byram on BBC One from 2009 until its cancellation in 2012. Hammond presented Planet Earth Live alongside Julia Bradbury.
/m/02t3ln	Dropkick Murphys are an American Celtic punk band formed in Quincy, Massachusetts, in 1996. The band was initially signed to independent punk record label Hellcat Records, releasing five albums for the label, and making a name for themselves locally through constant touring and yearly St. Patrick's Day week shows, held in and around Boston. The 2004 single \"Tessie\" became the band's first hit and one of their biggest charting singles to date. The band's final Hellcat release, 2005's The Warrior's Code, included the song \"I'm Shipping Up to Boston\"; the song was featured in the 2006 Academy Award-winning movie The Departed, and went on to become the band's only Platinum-selling single to date, and remains one of their best-known songs.\nIn 2007, the band signed with Warner Bros. Records and began releasing music through their own vanity label, Born & Bred. 2007's The Meanest of Times made its debut at No. 20 on the Billboard charts and featured the successful single, \"The State of Massachusetts\", while 2011's Going Out in Style was an even bigger success, making its debut at No. 6, giving the band their highest-charting album to date. The band's eighth studio album, Signed and Sealed in Blood was released in 2013 making its debut at No. 9 on the Billboard charts.
/m/0ds5_72	The Muppets is a 2011 comedy film directed by James Bobin.
/m/05p553	Comedy is a genre of film in which the main emphasis is on humour. These films are designed to entertain the audience through amusement, and often work by exaggerating characteristics of real life for humorous effect.\nFilms in this style traditionally have a happy ending. One of the oldest genres in film, some of the very first silent movies were comedies, as slapstick comedy often relies on visual depictions, without requiring sound. Comedy, unlike other film genres, puts much more focus on individual stars, with many former stand-up comics transitioning to the film industry due to their popularity. While many comic films are lighthearted stories with no intent other than to amuse, others contain political or social commentary.
/m/04w391	Shia Saide LaBeouf is an American actor and director who became known among younger audiences as Louis Stevens in the Disney Channel series Even Stevens. LaBeouf received a Young Artist Award nomination in 2001 and won a Daytime Emmy Award in 2003 for his role. He made his film debut in Holes, based on the novel of the same name by Louis Sachar. In 2004, he made his directorial debut with the short film Let's Love Hate and later directed a short film titled Maniac, starring American rappers Cage and Kid Cudi.\nIn 2007, LaBeouf starred in the lead role of the commercially successful films, Disturbia, and Surf's Up. The same year he was cast in Michael Bay's science fiction film Transformers as Sam Witwicky, the main protagonist of the series. Despite mixed reviews, Transformers was a box office success and one of the highest grossing films of 2007. LaBeouf later appeared in its sequels Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen and Transformers: Dark of the Moon, both also box office successes. In 2008, he played Henry \"Mutt Williams\" Jones III in Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull, the fourth film in the Indiana Jones franchise. His other films include Wall Street: Money Never Sleeps, Lawless, The Company You Keep and Nymphomaniac.
/m/0prxp	Vicenza, a city in north-eastern Italy, is the capital of the eponymous province in the Veneto region, at the northern base of the Monte Berico, straddling the Bacchiglione. Vicenza is approximately 60 kilometres west of Venice and 200 kilometres east of Milan.\nVicenza is a thriving and cosmopolitan city, with a rich history and culture, and many museums, art galleries, piazzas, villas, churches and elegant Renaissance palazzi. With the Palladian Villas of the Veneto in the surrounding area, and his renowned Teatro Olimpico, the \"city of Palladio\" has been enlisted as UNESCO World Heritage Site since 1994.\nAs of December 2008, Vicenza had an estimated population of c. 115,927, and a metropolitan area of 270 000. Vicenza is the third-largest Italian industrial centre as measured by the value of its exports, and is one of the country's wealthiest cities. Especially due to its textile and steel industries which employ tens of thousands and about one fifth of the country's gold and jewelry is made in Vicenza, greatly contributing to the city's economy. Another important branch is the engineering/computer components industry.
/m/02_fj	Francis Albert \"Frank\" Sinatra was an American singer and film actor. Beginning his musical career in the swing era as a boy singer with Harry James and Tommy Dorsey, Sinatra found success as a solo artist from the early to mid-1940s after being signed by Columbia Records in 1943. Being the idol of the \"bobby soxers\", he released his first album, The Voice of Frank Sinatra in 1946. His professional career had stalled by the early 1950s, but it was reborn in 1953 after he won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his performance in From Here to Eternity. He signed with Capitol Records in 1953 and released several critically lauded albums. Sinatra left Capitol to found his own record label, Reprise Records in 1961, toured internationally, was a founding member of the Rat Pack and fraternized with celebrities and statesmen, including John F. Kennedy.\nSinatra turned 50 in 1965, recorded the retrospective September of My Years, starred in the Emmy-winning television special Frank Sinatra: A Man and His Music, and scored hits with \"Strangers in the Night\" and \"My Way\". With sales of his music dwindling and after appearing in several poorly received films, Sinatra retired for the first time in 1971. Two years later, however, he came out of retirement and from 1973 recorded several albums, scoring a Top 40 hit with \" New York, New York\" in 1980. Using his Las Vegas shows as a home base, he toured both within the United States and internationally, until a short time before his death in 1998. Sinatra also forged a highly successful career as a film actor. After winning Best Supporting Actor in 1953, he also garnered a nomination for Best Actor for The Man with the Golden Arm, and critical acclaim for his performance in The Manchurian Candidate. He also starred in such musicals as High Society, Pal Joey, Guys and Dolls and On the Town.
/m/0cqh6z	The Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Drama Series is an award given by the Screen Actors Guild to honor the finest acting achievements in Dramatic Television.
/m/010xjr	Richard St John Harris was an Irish actor, singer, theatrical producer, film director and writer. He appeared on stage and in many films, and is perhaps best known for his role as Frank Machin in This Sporting Life. He is also known for playing King Arthur in the 1967 film Camelot and the subsequent 1981 revival of the show. He played an aristocrat and prisoner in A Man Called Horse, a gunfighter in Clint Eastwood's Western film Unforgiven, Emperor Marcus Aurelius in Gladiator, and Albus Dumbledore in both Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone and Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets. Harris had a top ten hit in the UK and the US with his 1968 recording of Jimmy Webb's song \"MacArthur Park\".
/m/0b06q	The Russian Orthodox Church, alternatively legally known as the Moscow Patriarchate, also known in English as the Orthodox Christian Church of Russia, is one of the autocephalous Eastern Orthodox churches, in communion with other Eastern Orthodox churches. The Primate of the ROC is the Patriarch of Moscow. The ROC officially ranks fifth - right under the ancient Greek Patriarchates of: Constantinople, Alexandria, Antioch, and Jerusalem.\nIt currently claims its exclusive jurisdiction over the Orthodox Christians living in the former member republics of the USSR, excluding Georgia and Armenia, although this claim is disputed in such states as Estonia and Moldova and consequently parallel canonical Orthodox jurisdictions exist in those countries. It also exercises ecclesiastical jurisdiction over the autonomous Church of Japan and the Orthodox Christians resident in the People's Republic of China. The Moscow-based administration of the ROC has exceedingly limited powers over the ROC's constituent semi-autonomous church structures in such countries as Ukraine and Belarus, where, along with the Russian Federation, it enjoys the position of numerically dominant religious organisation.
/m/01ld4n	Congregational churches are Protestant Christian churches practicing Congregationalist church governance, in which each congregation independently and autonomously runs its own affairs.\nMany Congregational churches claim their descent from a family of Protestant denominations formed on a theory of union published by the theologian Robert Browne in 1592. These arose from the Nonconformist religious movement during the Puritan reformation of the Church of England. In Great Britain, the early congregationalists were called separatists or independents to distinguish them from the similarly Calvinistic Presbyterians. Some congregationalists in Britain still call themselves Independent.\nCongregational churches were widely established in the Plymouth Colony and the Massachusetts Bay Colony, later New England. The model of Congregational churches was carried by migrating settlers from New England into New York State and then into the \"Old North West,\" the North-West Territory, won in the American Revolution, now the states of Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Ohio, and Wisconsin. With their insistence on independent local bodies, they became important in many social reform movements, including abolitionism, temperance, and women's suffrage. Modern congregationalism in the USA is split into three bodies: the United Church of Christ, with which most local Congregational churches affiliate and which is also the most theologically progressive; the National Association of Congregational Christian Churches; and the Conservative Congregational Christian Conference, which is the most theologically conservative.
/m/01cgz	Boxing is a combat sport in which two people engage in a contest of strength, speed, reflexes, endurance, and will by throwing punches with gloved hands against each other.\nAmateur boxing is an Olympic and Commonwealth sport and is a common fixture in most of the major international games—it also has its own World Championships. Boxing is supervised by a referee over a series of one- to three-minute intervals called rounds. The result is decided when an opponent is deemed incapable to continue by a referee, is disqualified for breaking a rule, resigns by throwing in a towel, or is pronounced the winner or loser based on the judges' scorecards at the end of the contest.\nThe origin of boxing may be its acceptance by the ancient Greeks as an Olympic game in BCE 688. Boxing evolved from 16th- and 18th-century prizefights, largely in Great Britain, to the forerunner of modern boxing in the mid-19th century, again initially in Great Britain and later in the United States.
/m/0223g8	Charles Dawson \"Daws\" Butler was a voice actor originally from Toledo, Ohio. He worked mostly for the Hanna-Barbera animation production company and originated the voices of many familiar animated cartoon characters, including Yogi Bear, Quick Draw McGraw, Snagglepuss, and Huckleberry Hound.
/m/0c_drn	Walter Scharf was an American film composer.\nBorn in New York, he was the son of Yiddish theatre comic Bessie Zwerling. While in his 20s, he was one of the orchestrators for George Gershwin's Broadway musical Girl Crazy, became singer Helen Morgan's accompanist, and later worked as pianist and arranger for singer Rudy Vallee.\nHe began working in Hollywood in 1933, arranging for Al Jolson at Warner Bros., Alice Faye at 20th Century-Fox and Bing Crosby at Paramount. He orchestrated the original version of Irving Berlin's White Christmas for the film Holiday Inn, and from 1942 to 1946 he served as head of music for Republic Pictures.\nFrom 1948 to 1954, Scharf was arranger-conductor for the Phil Harris-Alice Faye radio show.\nA ten-time Oscar nominee, Scharf worked on more than 100 films, receiving nominations for his musical direction on such pictures as Danny Kaye's Hans Christian Andersen, Barbra Streisand's Funny Girl and Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory.\nIn the early 1960s, he was approached by Harold Lloyd to provide new scores for his silent film compilations. Lloyd regarded Scharf's ability to mix comedy themes with big, dramatic orchestral touches as ideal for his brand of 'thrill' comedy.
/m/09qs08	This is a list of winners of the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series. In early Emmy ceremonies, the supporting categories were not always genre, or even gender, specific. Beginning with the 22nd Emmys, supporting actresses in comedy have competed alone. However, these comedic performances often included actors from miniseries, telefilms, and guest performers competing against main cast competitors. Such instances are marked below.\n# – Indicates a performance in a Miniseries or Telefilm, prior to the category's creation.\n§ – Indicates a performance as a guest performer, prior to the category's creation.
/m/0jmdb	The Denver Nuggets are a professional basketball team based in Denver, Colorado that plays in the National Basketball Association. The team was founded as the Denver Larks in 1967 as a charter franchise of the American Basketball Association but changed its name to Rockets before the first season. It changed its name again to the Nuggets in anticipation of an ABA-NBA merger in 1974, and played for the final ABA Championship title in 1976, losing to the New York Nets. The team joined the NBA in 1976 after the ABA-NBA merger and has had some periods of success, making the playoffs for nine consecutive seasons in the 1980s and doing the same for the previous ten seasons. However, it has not made an appearance in a championship round since its last year in the ABA. The Nuggets play their home games at Pepsi Center, which they share with the Colorado Avalanche of the NHL.
/m/0hrcs29	The 62nd annual Berlin International Film Festival was held from 9 to 19 February 2012. British film director Mike Leigh was the President of the Jury. The first five films to be screened in the competition were announced on 19 December 2011. American actress Meryl Streep was presented with the Honorary Golden Bear on 14 February. Benoît Jacquot's film Les adieux à la reine was announced as the opening film. The Golden Bear for Best Film went to the Italian film Caesar Must Die, directed by Paolo and Vittorio Taviani.
/m/01qz5	Chariots of Fire is a 1981 British historical drama film. It tells the fact-based story of two athletes in the 1924 Olympics: Eric Liddell, a devout Scottish Christian who runs for the glory of God, and Harold Abrahams, an English Jew who runs to overcome prejudice.\nThe film was conceived and produced by David Puttnam, written by Colin Welland, and directed by Hugh Hudson. It was nominated for seven Academy Awards and won four, including Best Picture and Best Screenplay. It is ranked 19th in the British Film Institute's list of Top 100 British films. The film is also notable for its memorable instrumental theme tune by Vangelis, who won the Academy Award for Best Original Score.\nThe film's title was inspired by the line, \"Bring me my chariot of fire,\" from the William Blake poem adapted into the popular British hymn \"Jerusalem\"; the hymn is heard at the end of the film. The original phrase \"chariot of fire\" is from 2 Kings 2:11 and 6:17 in the Bible.
/m/0f485	The City of Westminster is an Inner London borough occupying much of the central area of Greater London, including most of the West End. It is located to the west of and adjoining the ancient City of London, directly to the east of the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea, and its southern boundary is the River Thames. It was created with the 1965 establishment of Greater London. Upon creation, Westminster was awarded city status, which had been previously held by the smaller Metropolitan Borough of Westminster.\nAside from a number of large parks and open spaces, the population density of the district is high. Many sites commonly associated with London are located in the borough, including Buckingham Palace, the Houses of Parliament, and 10 Downing Street. The borough is divided into a number of localities including the ancient political district of Westminster around the Palace of Westminster; the shopping areas around Oxford Street, Regent Street, Piccadilly and Bond Street; and the night time entertainment district of Soho. Much of the borough is residential, and in 2008 it was estimated to have a population of 236,000. The local authority is Westminster City Council.
/m/01mjq	The Czech Republic is a landlocked country in Central Europe. The country is bordered by Germany to the west, Austria to the south, Slovakia to the east and Poland to the north. Its capital and largest city, with 1.3 million inhabitants, is Prague. The Czech Republic includes the historical territories of Bohemia and Moravia, as well as a small part of Silesia.\nThe Czech state, formerly known as Bohemia, was formed in the late 9th century as a small duchy around Prague, at that time under the dominance of the powerful Great Moravian Empire. After the fall of the Empire in 907, the centre of power was transferred from Moravia to Bohemia, under the Přemyslids. Since 1002 it was formally recognized as part of the Holy Roman Empire. In 1212 the duchy was raised to a kingdom and during the rule of Přemyslid dukes/kings and their successors, the Luxembourgs, the country reached its greatest territorial extent. During the Hussite wars the kingdom faced economic embargoes and crusades from all over Europe. Following the Battle of Mohács in 1526, the Kingdom of Bohemia was gradually integrated into the Habsburg monarchy as one of its three principal parts, alongside the Archduchy of Austria and the Kingdom of Hungary. The Bohemian Revolt lost in the Battle of White Mountain, led to Thirty Years' War and further centralization of the monarchy including forced recatholization and Germanization. With the dissolution of the Holy Roman Empire in 1806, the Bohemian kingdom became part of the Austrian Empire. In the 19th century the Czech lands became the industrial powerhouse of the monarchy and the core of the Republic of Czechoslovakia which was formed in 1918, following the collapse of the Austro-Hungarian Empire after World War I. After 1933, Czechoslovakia remained the only democracy in central and eastern Europe.
/m/0r785	Santa Rosa is the county seat of Sonoma County, California United States. The 2012 census reported a population of 170,685. Santa Rosa is the largest city in California's North Coast, Wine Country and the North Bay; the fifth most populated city in the San Francisco Bay Area after San Jose, San Francisco, Oakland, and Fremont; and the 26th most populated city in California.
/m/01ycfv	Michael Arnold Kamen was an American composer, orchestral arranger, orchestral conductor, song writer, and session musician.
/m/042z45	Southern Lord is an American metal record label that was founded in 1998 by Greg Anderson.\nInitially, Southern Lord specialized in what could broadly be classified as experimental heavy metal, particularly the slow-moving doom metal, stoner rock, and drone metal sub-genres. Some of the more notable artists on the label include Earth, Om, Goatsnake, Khanate, Pelican and Sunn O))), among others.\nMore recently, the label expanded its line-up to include artists from the black metal sub-genre, including releases by Twilight, Wolves in the Throne Room, Xasthur, and Striborg. They have also released albums by hardcore punk and crust punk bands like Burning Love and Wolfbrigade.
/m/0dfw0	(22 Years Before Episode IV) Ten years after the events of the Battle of Naboo, not only has the galaxy undergone significant change, but so have Obi-Wan Kenobi, Padmé Amidala, and Anakin Skywalker as they are thrown together again for the first time since the Trade Federation invasion of Naboo. Anakin has grown into the accomplished Jedi apprentice of Obi-Wan, who himself has transitioned from student to teacher. The two Jedi are assigned to protect Padmé whose life is threatened by a faction of political separatists. As relationships form and powerful forces collide, these heroes face choices that will impact not only their own fates, but the destiny of the Republic.
/m/01ts_3	Neil Patrick Jordan is an Irish filmmaker and fiction writer. He won an Academy Award for The Crying Game. He also won the Silver Bear for Best Director at the Berlin International Film Festival for The Butcher Boy.
/m/03h8_g	Steve-O is a British-American-Canadian stunt performer, comedian, and TV personality. His entertainment career is mostly centered on his performance stunts on the American TV series Jackass and related movies.
/m/0163zw	Electronic body music is a music genre that combines elements of post-industrial music, electronic dance music and synthpunk. It first came to prominence in Belgium.\nPure electronic body music is referred to as old-school EBM and should not be confused with aggrotech, dark electro or industrial music.\nEmerging in the late 1970s, the genre's early influences range from industrial music, European synthpunk, and electronic music.
/m/01cd7p	The John Newbery Medal is a literary award given by the Association for Library Service to Children, a division of the American Library Association. The award is given to the author of \"the most distinguished contribution to American literature for children.\" Named for John Newbery, an 18th-century English publisher of juvenile books, the Newbery was proposed by Frederic G. Melcher in 1921, making it the first children's book award in the world. The medal was designed by Rene Paul Chambellan and depicts an author giving his work to a boy and a girl to read.\nThe Newbery and the Caldecott Medal are considered the two most prestigious awards for children's literature in the United States. When the winner is announced each January, bookstores sell out, libraries order copies and teachers add the book to their lesson plans. Many bookstores and libraries have Newbery sections; popular television shows interview the winners; textbooks includes lists of Newbery winners, and many master's and doctoral theses are written about them.\nBeside the one annual Medalist, the committee identifies a variable number of worthy runners-up as Newbery Honor Books. Though the Newbery Honor was initiated in 1938, specially cited runners-up for the Newbery Medal from previous years were retroactively named Newbery Honor books. As few as zero and as many as eight have been named, but from 1938 the number is one to five annual Honors. The Honor Books must be a subset of the runners-up on the final ballot, either the leading runners-up on that ballot or the leaders on one further ballot that excludes the winner.
/m/03lvyj	Barbara Hershey, once known as Barbara Seagull, is an American actress. In a career spanning nearly 50 years, she has played a variety of roles on television and in cinema, in several genres including westerns and comedies. She began acting at age 17 in 1965, but did not achieve much critical acclaim until the latter half of the 1980s. By that time, the Chicago Tribune referred to her as \"one of America's finest actresses.\"\nHershey was awarded an Emmy and a Golden Globe for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Miniseries/TV Film for her role in A Killing in a Small Town. She has been nominated for two more Golden Globes: in 1989 for Best Supporting Actress for her role as Mary Magdalene in Martin Scorsese's The Last Temptation of Christ, and for her role in Jane Campion's Portrait of a Lady. For the latter film, she was also nominated for an Academy Award and she won a Los Angeles Film Critics Award for Best Supporting Actress. In addition, she has won two Best Actress awards at the Cannes Film Festival for her roles in Shy People and A World Apart. She also featured in Woody Allen's critically acclaimed Hannah and Her Sisters, for which she was nominated for a British Academy Award, Garry Marshall's melodrama Beaches and she earned a second British Academy Award nomination for Darren Aronofsky's Black Swan.
/m/01rddlc	Rie Kugimiya is a Japanese voice actress and singer affiliated with I'm Enterprise.\nSome of Kugimiya's prominent roles include Alphonse Elric in Fullmetal Alchemist, Happy in Fairy Tail, and Kagura in Gintama. However, because of her voicing of tsundere lead characters such as Nagi, Shana, and Louise, some of her fans have nicknamed her the \"Queen of Tsundere\", or \"TsundeRie\" for short. Other tsundere characters voiced by her include Lotte in Astarotte no Omocha, Taiga Aisaka in Toradora!, Iori Minase in The Idolmaster, and Aria H. Kanzaki in Aria the Scarlet Ammo.\nBetween the Tamagotchi fandom she's well known for the Tamagotchi movies and anime as Mametchi.She has also contributed her voice to various merchandise such as with Mugen Puchipuchi Moe, a virtual bubble-wrap popping game, and voiced various characters on a set of moe Karuta cards.\nShe was nominated for Best Actress in Leading Role in the first Seiyu Awards for the role of Louise in Zero no Tsukaima, and jointly won Best Actress in a Supporting Role with Mitsuki Saiga at the second Seiyu Awards. Kugimiya won Best Actress once again in the third Seiyu Awards for the role of Taiga Aisaka in Toradora!.
/m/0k_l4	Southampton Football Club is an English football club, nicknamed The Saints, based in the city of Southampton, Hampshire, who compete in the Premier League.\nThe Saints' home ground is the St Mary's Stadium, where the club moved to in 2001 from The Dell. The club has been nicknamed \"The Saints\" since its inception in 1885 due to its history as a church football team, founded as St Mary's Church of England Young Men's Association and has since generally played in red and white shirts.\nThe club has a long standing rivalry with Portsmouth due to its close proximity and both cities' respective maritime history. Matches between the two sides are known as the South Coast Derby.\nThe club has won the FA Cup once in 1976, and their highest-ever league finish was second in the First Division in 1983–84. Southampton were relegated from the Premier League on 15 May 2005 ending 27 successive seasons of top division football for the club.\nAfter three seasons playing in the Championship, the Saints were further relegated to League One in 2009. After two years playing football in the third tier, the club secured back to back promotions under the management of Nigel Adkins. Adkins was replaced in January 2013 by former Espanyol manager Mauricio Pochettino, who secured The Saints a 14th place finish in their first season back in the top flight and the club's best ever Premier League start the following season.
/m/092vkg	Capote is a 2005 biographical film about Truman Capote, following the events during the writing of Capote's non-fiction book In Cold Blood. Philip Seymour Hoffman won several awards, including the Academy Award for Best Actor, for his critically acclaimed portrayal of the title role. The film was based on Gerald Clarke's biography Capote and was directed by Bennett Miller. It was filmed mostly in Manitoba in the autumn of 2004. It was released September 30, 2005, to coincide with Truman Capote's birthday.
/m/02r2j8	Frank Herbert's Dune is a three-part miniseries written and directed by John Harrison and based on Frank Herbert's 1965 novel Dune.\nThe series was produced by New Amsterdam Entertainment, Blixa Film Produktion and Hallmark Entertainment Distribution. It was first broadcast in the United States on December 3, 2000, on the Sci Fi Channel, just two months after what would have been Herbert's 80th birthday. It was later released on DVD in 2001, with a director's cut appearing in 2002.\nA 2003 sequel miniseries called Frank Herbert's Children of Dune continued the story, adapting the second and third novels in the series. As of 2004, both miniseries were two of the three highest-rated programs ever to be broadcast on the Sci Fi Channel.\nFrank Herbert's Dune won two Emmy Awards in 2001 for Cinematography and Visual effects in a miniseries/movie, as well as being nominated for a third Emmy for Sound editing. The series was also praised by several critics, including Kim Newman.\nThe miniseries was shot in Univisium aspect ratio, although it was broadcast in 1.78:1.
/m/0kf9p	Yakima is a US city located about 60 miles southeast of Mount Rainier in Washington state. Yakima is the county seat of Yakima County, Washington, and the state's eighth largest city by population. As of the 2010 census, the city had a total population of 91,067 and a metropolitan population of 243,231. The unincorporated suburban areas of West Valley and Terrace Heights are considered a part of greater Yakima.\nYakima is situated in the Yakima Valley, an area noted for apple, wine and hop production. As of 2011, the Yakima Valley produces 77% of all hops grown in the US. The name Yakima originates from the Yakama Nation, located south of the city.
/m/01fc50	An anti-war movement is a social movement, usually in opposition to a particular nation's decision to start or carry on an armed conflict, unconditional of a maybe-existing just cause. The term can also refer to pacifism, which is the opposition to all use of military force during conflicts. Many activists distinguish between anti-war movements and peace movements. Anti-war activists work through protest and other grassroots means to attempt to pressure a government to put an end to a particular war or conflict.
/m/0l6wj	Thomas Leo McCarey was a three-time Academy Award winning American film director, screenwriter and producer. He was involved in nearly 200 movies, including Duck Soup, The Awful Truth, Love Affair, and Going My Way.\nWhile focusing mainly on screwball comedies during the 1930s, McCarey turned towards producing more socially aware and conservative movies during the 1940s, ultimately finding success and acclaim in both genres. McCarey was one of the most popular and successful comedy directors of the pre-World War II era.
/m/01vw917	Alvin Nathaniel Joiner, better known by his stage name Xzibit, is an American rapper, actor, and television host. He is known as the host of the MTV show Pimp My Ride, which brought him mainstream success. Before hosting the show, he achieved fame in the West Coast hip-hop scene as a rapper, debuting with his acclaimed At the Speed of Life and gathering chart success with his follow-up albums Restless, Man vs. Machine and Weapons of Mass Destruction, working with high-profile artists such as Eminem, Cypress Hill, Snoop Dogg, Ice Cube, Dr. Dre, Knoc-turn'al, Timbaland, Limp Bizkit, Alice Cooper, Game, 50 Cent and Within Temptation, as well as being one of the first out internationally, working with overseas acts such as Russian rapper Timati, Raptile from Germany, Bliss N Eso from Australia and Adil Omar from Pakistan.
/m/01gg59	A. R. Rahman is a film score composer.
/m/0n03f	Waterford is a city in Ireland. It is located in the South-East Region and is also part of the province of Munster. It is the oldest and the fifth most populous city in the country. Waterford City Council is the local government authority for the city.
/m/02p0szs	Historical fiction is a literary genre that takes place in the past. The setting is drawn from history, and often contains historical persons. Writers of stories in this genre work to portray the manners and social conditions of the persons or time presented in the story, with attention paid to period detail.
/m/013m_x	Abilene is a city in Taylor and Jones counties in west central Texas. The population was 117,063 according to the 2010 census making it the twenty-seventh most populous city in the state of Texas. It is the principal city of the Abilene Metropolitan Statistical Area, which had a 2011 estimated population of 166,416. It is the county seat of Taylor County. Dyess Air Force Base is located on the west side of the city.\nAbilene is located off Interstate 20, between exits 279 on its western edge and 292 on the east. Abilene is 150 miles west of Fort Worth, Texas. The city is looped by I-20 to the north, US 83/84 on the west, and Loop 322 to the east. A railroad divides the city down the center into north and south. The historic downtown area is on the north side of the railroad.\nThe fastest-growing sections of the city are growing to the southwest, along Southwest Drive, the Winters Freeway, and the Buffalo Gap Road corridor; the southeast, along Loop 322, Oldham Lane, Industrial Drive, and Maple Street; and in the northeast near the intersection of SH 351 and I-20. Many developments have begun in these three areas within the last few years. There are three lakes in the city, Lytle Lake on the western edge of Abilene Regional Airport, Kirby Lake on the southeast corner of the US 83/84 & Loop 322 interchange, and Lake Fort Phantom Hill in Jones County in northern Abilene.
/m/01q1_c	Star Alliance is the world's first and largest global airline alliance, headquartered in Frankfurt am Main, Germany and led by current CEO Mark Schwab. Founded in 1997, its name and emblem represent the five founding airlines. The current member airlines are Adria Airways, Aegean Airlines, Air Canada, Air China, Air New Zealand, All Nippon Airways, Asiana Airlines, Austrian Airlines, Avianca, Brussels Airlines, Copa Airlines, Croatia Airlines, EgyptAir, Ethiopian Airlines, EVA Air, LOT Polish Airlines, Lufthansa, Scandinavian Airlines, Shenzhen Airlines, Singapore Airlines, South African Airways, Swiss International Air Lines, TAM Airlines, TAP Portugal, Thai Airways International, Turkish Airlines, United Airlines and US Airways and the future members are Air India which will join in summer 2014 and Avianca Brazil which will join in the first half of 2014 and will join as an affiliate of the Avianca brand. Star Alliance has since grown considerably and the current members with more than 21,100 daily departures combined. These flights reach 1,328 airports in more than 150 countries, with an annual passenger number of 678.5 million.
/m/03f6fl0	Benjamin Scott \"Ben\" Folds is an American singer-songwriter and record producer. From 1995 to 2000, Folds was the frontman and pianist of the alternative rock band Ben Folds Five. After the group temporarily disbanded, Folds performed as a solo artist and has toured all over the world. The group reunited in 2011. He has also collaborated with musicians such as William Shatner, Regina Spektor and \"Weird Al\" Yankovic and undertaken experimental songwriting projects with authors such as Nick Hornby and Neil Gaiman. In addition to contributing music to the soundtracks of the animated films Over the Hedge, and Hoodwinked!, Folds produced Amanda Palmer's first solo album and has been a judge on the NBC a cappella singing contest The Sing-Off since 2009.
/m/02qhqz4	Astro Boy, is a 2009 American CGI action superhero film loosely based on the long-running Japanese manga and anime series of the same name by Osamu Tezuka. It was produced by Imagi Animation Studios, the animation production company of TMNT. The studio announced the project in September 2006. It was directed by David Bowers and produced by Maryann Garger with Pilar Flynn as associate producer. Freddie Highmore provides the voice of Astro Boy in the film. The film also features the voices of Kristen Bell, Nathan Lane, Eugene Levy, Matt Lucas, Bill Nighy, Donald Sutherland, Charlize Theron and Nicolas Cage. The film was released first in Hong Kong on October 8, 2009, Japan on October 10, 2009 and in the United States on October 23, 2009.
/m/01_d4	Chicago is the third most populous city in the United States, after New York City and Los Angeles. With 2.7 million residents, it is the most populous city in both the U.S. state of Illinois and the American Midwest. Its metropolitan area, sometimes called Chicagoland, is home to 9.5 million people and is the third-largest in the United States. Chicago is the seat of Cook County, although a small part of the city extends into DuPage County.\nChicago was incorporated as a city in 1837, near a portage between the Great Lakes and the Mississippi River watershed, and experienced rapid growth in the mid-nineteenth century. Today, the city is an international hub for finance, commerce, industry, technology, telecommunications, and transportation, with O'Hare International Airport being the second-busiest airport in the world; it also has the largest number of U.S. highways, and railroad freight entering its region. In 2010, Chicago was listed as an alpha+ global city by the Globalization and World Cities Research Network, and ranks seventh in the world in the 2012 Global Cities Index. As of 2012, Chicago had the third largest gross metropolitan product in the United States, after the New York City and Los Angeles metropolitan areas, at a sum of US$571 billion.
/m/05s9tm	A talent manager, also known as an artist manager or band manager, is an individual or company who guides the professional career of artists in the entertainment industry. The responsibility of the talent manager is to oversee the day-to-day business affairs of an artist; advise and counsel talent concerning professional matters, long-term plans and personal decisions which may affect their career.\nThe roles and responsibilities of a talent manager vary slightly from industry to industry, as do the commissions to which the manager is entitled. For example, a music manager's duties differ from those managers who advise actors, writers, or directors. A manager can also help artists find an agent, or help them decide when to leave their current agent and identify who to select as a new agent. Talent agents have the authority to make deals for their clients while managers usually can only informally establish connections with producers and studios but do not have the ability to negotiate contracts.\nA Human Resource Talent manager is there to assist individuals with their career plans. They are focused on the individual.They will guide and direct the client in a variety of strategies to increase their employability. They also act as life/career coaches. The relationship is a one-on-one engagement not solely to establish a career but to increase employability. The client and the Talent Manager typically have a financial agreement in place [with all clients]. A good resource talent Manager must be able to elevate the clients personal brand in the job market.There should always be a next level for the clients.
/m/0h1vg	Isoleucine is an α-amino acid with the chemical formula HO2CCHCHCH2CH3. It is an essential amino acid, which means that humans cannot synthesize it, so it must be ingested. Its codons are AUU, AUC and AUA.\nWith a hydrocarbon side chain, isoleucine is classified as a hydrophobic amino acid. Together with threonine, isoleucine is one of two common amino acids that have a chiral side chain. Four stereoisomers of isoleucine are possible, including two possible diastereomers of L-isoleucine. However, isoleucine present in nature exists in one enantiomeric form,-2-amino-3-methylpentanoic acid.
/m/02g3v6	The following is a list of Saturn Award winners for Best Costume:\nNotes:\n\"†\" indicates a film that won the Academy Award for Best Costume Design.\n\"‡\" indicates a film that was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Costume Design.
/m/05th8t	Molly Parker is a Canadian actress, best known for her roles in Canadian and American independent films and the HBO television series Deadwood.\nParker won a Genie Award in 1997 as Best Actress in a Leading Role for Kissed. She was nominated for an Independent Spirit Award as best female lead in 2001 for her role in The Center of the World and has twice been nominated for a Genie Award as best supporting actress, winning in 2002 for Bruce Sweeney's Last Wedding.
/m/0v1xg	Bay City is a city in Bay County, Michigan, located near the base of the Saginaw Bay on Lake Huron. As of the 2010 census, the city's population was 34,932, and is the principal city of the Bay City Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is included in the Saginaw-Bay City-Saginaw Township North Combined Statistical Area. The city, along with nearby Midland and Saginaw, form the \"Tri-Cities\" region, which has more recently been called the \"Great Lakes Bay\" region.\nThe city is geographically divided by the Saginaw River, and travel between the east and west sides of the city is made possible by four modern drawbridges; Liberty Bridge, Veterans Memorial Bridge, Independence Bridge, and Lafayette Avenue Bridge, which allow large ships to travel easily down the river. The city is served by MBS International Airport, located in nearby Freeland, and James Clements Municipal Airport.
/m/07mfk	Theravāda is the oldest surviving branch of Buddhism. The word is derived from the Sanskrit sthaviravada, and literally means \"the Teaching of the Elders\". It is relatively conservative, and according to Dr. Rupert Gethin, it is closer to early Buddhism than other existing Buddhist traditions.\nTheravāda Buddhism is followed by various countries and people around the globe, and are:\nIn South Asia:\nNepal\nSri Lanka\nBangladesh\nMizoram, India\nIn Southeast Asia:\nCambodia\nLaos\nMyanmar\nThailand\nVietnam\nIn other parts of Asia:\nChina\nMalaysia\nIndonesia\nSingapore\nTheravāda has also recently gained popularity in the Western world.\nToday, Theravāda Buddhists, otherwise known as Theravadins, number over 150 million worldwide, and during the past few decades Theravāda Buddhism has begun to take root in the West and in the Buddhist revival in India.
/m/09lcsj	Seraphim Falls is a 2006 American revenge Western film directed by television producer and director David Von Ancken in his first feature film. The storyline was conceived from a screenplay written by Von Ancken and Abby Everett Jaques. The fictional story focuses on a bounty hunt for a Union soldier by a Confederate colonel following the American Civil War in the late 1860s. Pierce Brosnan, Liam Neeson, Michael Wincott, Tom Noonan, and Ed Lauter star in principal roles. Seraphim Falls explores civil topics, such as violence, human survival and war.\nThe film was produced by the motion picture studio of Icon Productions. It was commercially distributed by Samuel Goldwyn Films and Destination Films theatrically, and by Sony Pictures Home Entertainment for home media. The film score was composed by musician Harry Gregson-Williams, although a soundtrack version for the motion picture was not released to the public.\nSeraphim Falls premiered at the 2006 Toronto International Film Festival and was released to theaters in limited release in the United States on January 26, 2007 grossing $418,296 in domestic ticket sales. It earned an additional $801,762 in box office business overseas for a combined worldwide total of $1,220,058 in revenue. The film was generally met with positive critical reviews before its initial screening in cinemas. The widescreen DVD edition of the film featuring scene selections and a bonus featurette, was released in the United States on May 15, 2007.
/m/0b1s_q	David Crane is an American writer and producer. He is one of the creators of the television sitcom Friends, along with his longtime friend Marta Kauffman.\nCrane was born in Philadelphia, the son of veteran WCAU Philadelphia news anchor Gene Crane and his first wife Joan. He is Jewish. He attended Harriton High School in Rosemont, Pennsylvania, and received his bachelor's degree from Brandeis University.\nHe and his life partner, Jeffrey Klarik, created the 2006 ensemble sitcom The Class.\nIn 2011, Crane and Klarik created a sitcom called Episodes for the BBC. Airing first in the US on Showtime on Sunday January 9, 2011 and then on BBC Two on Monday January 10, 2011, it features Friends star Matt LeBlanc and Green Wing's Stephen Mangan and Tamsin Greig.
/m/03mstc	William Denby \"Bill\" Hanna was an American animator, director, producer, voice actor, and cartoon artist, whose film and television cartoon characters entertained millions of people for much of the 20th century. When he was a young child, Hanna's family moved frequently, but they settled in Compton, California, by 1919. There, Hanna became an Eagle Scout. Hanna graduated from Compton High School in 1928. He briefly attended Compton City College but dropped out at the onset of the Great Depression.\nAfter working odd jobs in the first months of the Depression, Hanna joined the Harman and Ising animation studio in 1930. During the 1930s, Hanna steadily gained skill and prominence while working on cartoons such as Captain and the Kids. In 1937, while working at Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Hanna met Joseph Barbera. The two men began a collaboration that was at first best known for producing Tom and Jerry and live action films. In 1957, they co-founded Hanna-Barbera, which became the most successful television animation studio in the business, producing programs such as The Flintstones, The Huckleberry Hound Show, The Jetsons, Scooby-Doo, The Smurfs, and Yogi Bear. In 1967, Hanna–Barbera was sold to Taft Broadcasting for $12 million, but Hanna and Barbera remained heads of the company until 1991. At that time, the studio was sold to Turner Broadcasting System, which in turn was merged with Time Warner, owners of Hanna's first employer Warner Bros., in 1996; Hanna and Barbera stayed on as advisors.
/m/0gy6z9	Mark Robert Michael Wahlberg is an American actor, producer, model, and former rapper. He was known as Marky Mark in his earlier years, becoming famous for his 1991 debut as frontman with the band Marky Mark and the Funky Bunch. He later transitioned to acting, and is now known for his roles in films including Boogie Nights, Three Kings, The Perfect Storm, Planet of the Apes, Rock Star, The Italian Job, The Departed, for which he was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor, The Other Guys, The Fighter, Ted and Lone Survivor. He has also served as executive producer of the HBO series' Entourage, Boardwalk Empire, and How to Make It in America.
/m/04czcb	FC Alania Vladikavkaz was a Russian football club based in Vladikavkaz, North Ossetia–Alania. Founded in 1921, the club played in the Soviet Top League during the communist era, and won its first and only league title in the 1995 Russian Top League.\nIn 2010, Alania replaced FC Moscow in the Russian Premier League, but were relegated back after one season on the top level. They returned to the top level for the 2012–13 season after just one season below.
/m/04wtx1	Megan McTavish is an American television actress and soap opera writer. McTavish is best known for several head writing stints on All My Children.
/m/01qb5d	X2 is a 2003 American superhero film, based on the fictional characters the X-Men. Directed by Bryan Singer, it is the second film in the X-Men film series. It stars an ensemble cast including Patrick Stewart, Hugh Jackman, Ian McKellen, Alan Cumming, Famke Janssen, Anna Paquin, Shawn Ashmore, Aaron Stanford, Brian Cox, Rebecca Romijn-Stamos, James Marsden, Halle Berry and Kelly Hu. The plot, inspired by the graphic novel God Loves, Man Kills, pits the X-Men and their enemies, the Brotherhood, against the genocidal Colonel William Stryker. He leads an assault on Professor Xavier's school to build his own version of Xavier's mutant-tracking computer Cerebro, in order to destroy every mutant on Earth.\nDevelopment on X2 began shortly after X-Men. David Hayter and Zak Penn wrote separate scripts, combining what they felt to be the best elements of both scripts into one screenplay. Michael Dougherty and Dan Harris were eventually hired for rewrite work, changing characterizations of Beast, Angel and Lady Deathstrike. Sentinels and the Danger Room were set to appear before being deleted because of budget concerns. Filming began in June 2002 and ended that November. Most of the filming took place at Vancouver Film Studios, the largest production facility outside of Los Angeles in North America. Production designer Guy Hendrix Dyas adapted similar designs by John Myhre from the previous film. X2 was released in the United States on May 2, 2003 and became both a critical and financial success, earning eight nominations at the Saturn Awards and grossing approximately $407 million worldwide.
/m/02wr6r	Jack Warden was an American character actor of film and television. He was twice nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for Shampoo and Heaven Can Wait. He also received a BAFTA nomination for the former movie and won an Emmy for his performance in Brian's Song.
/m/07cdz	The Graduate is a 1967 American comedy-drama film directed by Mike Nichols. It is based on the 1963 novel The Graduate by Charles Webb, who wrote it shortly after graduating from Williams College. The screenplay was by Buck Henry, who makes a cameo appearance as a hotel clerk, and Calder Willingham.\nThe film tells the story of Benjamin Braddock, a recent university graduate with no well-defined aim in life, who is seduced by an older woman, Mrs. Robinson, and then proceeds to fall in love with her daughter Elaine.\nIn 1996, The Graduate was selected for preservation in the U.S. National Film Registry as being \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant\". Initially, the film was placed at #7 on AFI's 100 Years... 100 Movies list in 1998. When AFI revised the list in 2007, the film was moved to #17.\nAdjusted for inflation, the film is #21 on the list of highest-grossing films in the United States and Canada.
/m/02fqxm	Basic Instinct is a 1992 American erotic thriller film directed by Paul Verhoeven and written by Joe Eszterhas, and starring Michael Douglas and Sharon Stone. The film is about a police detective, Nick Curran, who is investigating the brutal murder of a wealthy rock star. During the investigation Curran becomes involved in a torrid and intense relationship with the prime suspect, the beautiful, mysterious Catherine Tramell.\nEven before its release, Basic Instinct generated heated controversy due to its overt sexuality and graphic depiction of violence. It was strongly opposed by gay rights activists, who criticized the film's depiction of homosexual relationships and the portrayal of a bisexual woman as a murderous psychopath or sociopath.\nDespite initial critical negativity and public protest, Basic Instinct became one of the most financially successful films of the 1990s, grossing $352 million worldwide. Multiple versions of the film have been released on videocassette, DVD, and Blu-ray including a director's cut with extended footage previously unseen in North American cinemas. A 2006 sequel starring Stone but without Verhoeven's involvement, Basic Instinct 2, was critically panned and became a commercial flop.
/m/06823p	Talk to Her is a 2002 Spanish drama written and directed by Pedro Almodóvar, and starring Javier Cámara, Darío Grandinetti, Leonor Watling, Geraldine Chaplin, and Rosario Flores. The film won the 2002 Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay and the 2003 Golden Globe Award for Best Foreign-Language Film.\nThe film's themes include the difficulty of communication between the sexes, loneliness and intimacy, and the persistence of love beyond loss.\nIn 2005, Time magazine film critics Richard Corliss and Richard Schickel included Talk to Her in their list of the All-TIME 100 Greatest Movies. Paul Schrader placed the film at 46 on his film canon of the 60 greatest films.
/m/02nygk	Bob Kane was an American comic book artist and writer, credited along with Bill Finger as the creator of the DC Comics superhero Batman. He was inducted into the comic-book industry's Jack Kirby Hall of Fame in 1994 and into the Will Eisner Comic Book Hall of Fame in 1996.
/m/01_4mn	Rockstar Games is a multinational video game developer and publisher based in New York City, owned by Take-Two Interactive following its purchase of British video game publisher BMG Interactive. The publisher are known for the Grand Theft Auto, Max Payne, L.A. Noire, The Warriors, Bully, Manhunt, Midnight Club, State of Emergency, and Red Dead games as well the use of open world, free roaming settings in their games. It comprises studios that have been acquired and renamed as well as others that have been created internally. While many of the studios Take-Two Interactive has acquired have been merged into the Rockstar brand, several other recent ones have retained their previous identities and have become part of the company's 2K Games division. The Rockstar Games label was founded in New York City in 1998 by the British video game producers Sam Houser, Dan Houser, Terry Donovan, Jamie King and Gary Foreman.\nThe main headquarters of Rockstar Games is located on Broadway in the SoHo neighborhood of New York City, part of the Take-Two Interactive offices. It is home to the marketing, public relations and product development departments.
/m/03262k	The Russia national football team represents Russia in association football and is controlled by the Russian Football Union, the governing body for football in Russia. Russia's home grounds are Luzhniki Stadium, Lokomotiv Stadium, and Petrovsky Stadium in St.Petersburg. Russia qualified for three World Cups, will host one in 2018 and four European Championships. Euro 2008 marks the first time they have passed the group stages of a major tournament, these advances are not counting the Soviet Union national team.
/m/0n5_g	Cheshire County is a county located in the southwestern portion of the U.S. state of New Hampshire. As of the 2010 census, the population was 77,117. Its county seat is Keene.\nCheshire was one of the five original counties of New Hampshire, and is named for the county of Cheshire in England. It was organized in 1771 at Keene.
/m/0b1t1	London is a city in Southwestern Ontario, Canada, situated along the Quebec City–Windsor Corridor. The city has a population of 366,151 according to the 2011 Canadian census. London is at the forks of the non-navigable Thames River, approximately halfway between Toronto, Ontario and Detroit, Michigan. The City of London is a separated municipality, politically separate from Middlesex County, though it remains the county seat.\nLondon was first settled by Europeans between 1801 and 1804 by Peter Hagerman and became a village in 1826. Since then, London has grown to be the largest Southwestern Ontario municipality, and Canada's 11th largest municipality, having annexed many of the smaller communities that surrounded it. The city has developed a strong focus towards education, health care, tourism, and manufacturing.\nLondon is home to Fanshawe College and the University of Western Ontario, which contributes to the city's reputation as an international centre of higher education, scientific research and cultural activity. The city hosts a number of musical and artistic exhibits, as well as The Forest City Road Races. London's festivals contribute to its tourism industry, but its economic activity is centred on education, medical research, insurance, and information technology. London's university and hospitals are among its top ten employers. London lies at the junction of Highway 401 and 402, connecting it to Toronto, Windsor, and Sarnia. It also has an international airport, train and bus station.
/m/06b7s9	The UCLA School of Law is the law school of the University of California, Los Angeles. It has been approved by the American Bar Association since 1950. It joined the Association of American Law Schools in 1952.
/m/02hsq3m	This page lists the winners and nominees for the BAFTA Award for Best Special Visual Effects for each year. The British Academy of Film and Television Arts, is a British organisation that hosts annual awards shows for movies, television, children's movies and television, and interactive media.\n2013 - Gravity - Tim Webber, Chris Lawrence, David Shirk, Neil Corbould, Nikki Penny\nThe Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug - Joe Letteri, Eric Saindon, David Clayton, Eric Reynolds\nIron Man 3 - Bryan Grill, Christopher Townsend, Guy Williams, Dan Sudick\nPacific Rim - Hal Hickel, John Knoll, Lindy De Quattro, Nigel Sumner\nStar Trek Into Darkness - Roger Guyett, Patrick Tubach, Ben Grossmann, Burt Dalton\n2012 - Life of Pi - Bill Westenhofer, Guillaume Rocheron, Erik-Jan de Boer\nThe Dark Knight Rises - Paul Franklin, Chris Corbould, Peter Bebb, Andrew Lockley\nThe Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey - Joe Letteri, Eric Saindon,David Clayton, R. Christopher White\nMarvel Avengers Assemble - nominees TBC\nPrometheus - Richard Stammers, Charley Henley, Trevor Wood, Paul Butterworth\n2011 - Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 2 - Tim Burke, John Richardson, Greg Butler, David Vickery\nHugo - Robert Legato, Ben Grossmann, Joss WilliamsThe Adventures of Tintin: The Secret of the Unicorn - Joe LetteriRise of the Planet of the Apes - Joe Letteri, Dan Lemmon, R. Christopher WhiteWar Horse - Ben Morris, Neil Corbould
/m/01kpt	The Bronze Star Medal is the fourth-highest individual military award and the ninth-highest by order of precedence in the US Military. It may be awarded for acts of heroism, acts of merit, or meritorious service in a combat zone. When awarded for acts of heroism, the medal is awarded with the \"V\" device.\nThe medal is sometimes referred to as the Bronze Star. Foreign soldiers, as well as officers from the other federal uniformed services are also eligible to receive the decoration when serving with or alongside a service branch of the United States Armed Forces.
/m/05f5sr9	The Korea Republic national under-20 football team represents South Korea in international youth football competitions.
/m/09nm_	World is a common name for the whole of human civilization, specifically human experience, history, or the human condition in general, worldwide, i.e. anywhere on Earth or pertaining to anywhere on earth.\nIn a philosophical context it may refer to:\nthe whole of the physical Universe, or\nan ontological world.\nIn a theological context, world usually refers to the material or the profane sphere, as opposed to the celestial, spiritual, transcendent or sacred. The \"end of the world\" refers to scenarios of the final end of human history, often in religious contexts.\nWorld history is commonly understood as spanning the major geopolitical developments of about five millennia, from the first civilizations to the present.\nWorld population is the sum of all human populations at any time; similarly, world economy is the sum of the economies of all societies, especially in the context of globalization. Terms like world championship, gross world product, world flags etc. also imply the sum or combination of all current-day sovereign states.\nIn terms such as world religion, world language, world government, and world war, world suggests international or intercontinental scope without necessarily implying participation of the entire world.
/m/06g7c	Rheumatoid arthritis is an autoimmune disease that results in a chronic, systemic inflammatory disorder that may affect many tissues and organs, but principally attacks flexible joints. It can be a disabling and painful condition, which can lead to substantial loss of functioning and mobility if not adequately treated.\nThe process involves an inflammatory response of the capsule around the joints secondary to swelling of synovial cells, excess synovial fluid, and the development of fibrous tissue in the synovium. The pathology of the disease process often leads to the destruction of articular cartilage and ankylosis of the joints. RA can also produce diffuse inflammation in the lungs, the membrane around the heart, the membranes of the lung, and white of the eye, and also nodular lesions, most common in subcutaneous tissue. Although the cause of RA is unknown, autoimmunity plays a big part, and RA is a systemic autoimmune disease. It is a clinical diagnosis made on the basis of symptoms, physical exam, radiographs and labs.\nTreatments are pharmacological and non-pharmacological. Non-pharmacological treatment includes physical therapy, orthoses, occupational therapy and nutritional therapy but these don't stop the progression of joint destruction. Analgesics and anti-inflammatory drugs, including steroids, suppress symptoms, but don't stop the progression of joint destruction either. Disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs slow or halt the progress of the disease. The newer biologics are DMARDs. The evidence for complementary and alternative medicine treatments for RA related pain is weak, with the lack of high quality evidence leading to the conclusions that their use is currently not supported by the evidence. Patients should inform their health care provider of any CAM treatments and continue taking traditional treatments.
/m/03zz8b	Amanda Michelle Seyfried is an American actress, singer and model. She began her career as a child model when she was 11 and at 15 began her career as an actress, starting off with uncredited roles and moving on to recurring roles on As the World Turns and All My Children.\nIn 2004, Seyfried made her film debut in Mean Girls. Her subsequent supporting roles were in independent films, such as Nine Lives and Alpha Dog, and she also had a recurring role in the UPN TV show Veronica Mars. Between 2006 and 2011, she starred on the HBO series Big Love. After that, Seyfried appeared in the 2008 musical feature film Mamma Mia!. Her other appearances include leading roles in Jennifer's Body, Chloe, Dear John, Letters to Juliet, Red Riding Hood, In Time, Gone, Cosette in the musical film Les Misérables, and Linda Lovelace in the biopic Lovelace.
/m/0ll3	August is the eighth month of the year in the Julian and Gregorian calendars and one of seven months with a length of 31 days.\nIn the Southern Hemisphere, August is the seasonal equivalent of February in the Northern Hemisphere.\nIn common years no other month starts on the same day of the week as August, though in leap years February starts on the same day. August ends on the same day of the week as November every year. March and November of the previous year starts on the same day of the week as August of the current year as a common year and June of the previous year starts on the same day of the week as August of the current year as a leap year. In years immediately before common years, August starts and ends on the same day of the week as May of the following year while in years immediately before leap years, August starts on the same day of as October of the following year and ends on the same day of the week as February and October of the following year.\nThis month was originally named Sextilis in Latin, because it was the sixth month in the original ten-month Roman calendar under Romulus in 753 BC, when March was the first month of the year. About 700 BC it became the eighth month when January and February were added to the year before March by King Numa Pompilius, who also gave it 29 days. Julius Caesar added two days when he created the Julian calendar in 45 BC giving it its modern length of 31 days. In 8 BC it was renamed in honor of Augustus. According to a Senatus consultum quoted by Macrobius, he chose this month because it was the time of several of his great triumphs, including the conquest of Egypt.
/m/0g284	Johannesburg also known as Jozi, Joburg, Joni, eGoli or Joeys, abbreviated as Jhb, is the largest city in South Africa, by population. Johannesburg is the provincial capital of Gauteng, the wealthiest province in South Africa, having the largest economy of any metropolitan region in Sub-Saharan Africa. The city is one of the 50 largest urban agglomerations in the world, and is also the world's largest city not situated on a river, lake, or coastline. It claims to be the lightning capital of the world, though this title is also claimed by others.\nWhile Johannesburg is not one of South Africa's three capital cities, it is the seat of the Constitutional Court, which has the final word on interpretation of South Africa's constitution, and is the provincial capital of Gauteng. The city is the source of a large-scale gold and diamond trade, due to its location on the mineral-rich Witwatersrand range of hills.\nJohannesburg is served by two international and one domestic airport. O.R. Tambo International Airport, the largest and busiest airport in Africa and a gateway for international air travel to and from the rest of Southern Africa is to the east of the city and Lanseria International Airport to the west. Rand Airport to the south east only handles general aviation flights, though it has the capacity for large jet aircraft.²²
/m/0p9lw	Dogma is a 1999 American comedy film written and directed by Kevin Smith, who also stars in the film along with an ensemble cast that includes Ben Affleck, Matt Damon, Linda Fiorentino, Alan Rickman, Bud Cort, Salma Hayek, Chris Rock, Jason Lee, George Carlin, Janeane Garofalo, Alanis Morissette, and Jason Mewes.\nBrian O'Halloran and Jeff Anderson, the stars of Smith's debut film Clerks, have cameo roles, as do Smith regulars Scott Mosier, Dwight Ewell, Walt Flanagan, and Bryan Johnson.\nThe fourth film set in the View Askewniverse is a hypothetical-scenario film revolving around the Catholic Church and Catholic belief, which caused organized protests and much controversy in many countries, delaying release of the film and leading to at least two death threats against Smith. The film follows two fallen angels, Loki and Bartleby, who, through an alleged loophole in Catholic dogma, find a way to get back into Heaven after being cast out by God. However, as existence is founded on the principle that God is infallible, their success would prove God wrong and thus undo all creation. The last scion and two prophets are sent by the Voice of God to stop them.\nAside from some scenes filmed on the New Jersey shore, most of the film was shot in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
/m/06z8s_	Ocean's Eleven is a 2001 American comedy-crime film and remake of the 1960 Rat Pack film of the same name. The 2001 film was directed by Steven Soderbergh and features an ensemble cast including George Clooney, Brad Pitt, Matt Damon, Don Cheadle, Andy García, and Julia Roberts. The film was a success at the box office and with critics. Soderbergh directed two sequels, Ocean's Twelve in 2004 and Ocean's Thirteen in 2007, resulting in the term the Ocean's Trilogy. It was the fifth highest-grossing film of 2001.
/m/0gthm	Eugene Luther Gore Vidal was an American writer known for his essays, novels, screenplays, and Broadway plays. As a well-known public intellectual, he was known for his patrician manner and witty aphorisms. Vidal's grandfather was the U.S. Senator Thomas Gore of Oklahoma.\nA lifelong Democrat, Gore ran for political office twice and was a seasoned political commentator. As well known for his essays as his novels, Vidal wrote for The Nation, New Statesman, the New York Review of Books and Esquire. Vidal's major subject was America, and through his essays and media appearances he was a longtime critic of American foreign policy. He developed this into a portrayal of the United States as a decaying empire from the 1980s onwards. He was also known for well-publicized spats with such figures as Norman Mailer, William F. Buckley, Jr. and Truman Capote.\nHis most widely regarded social novel was Myra Breckinridge; his best known historical novels included Julian, Burr, and Lincoln. His third novel, The City and the Pillar, outraged conservative critics as one of the first major American novels to feature unambiguous homosexuality. Vidal rejected the terms of \"homosexual\" and \"heterosexual\" as inherently false, claiming that the vast majority of individuals had the potential to be pansexual. His screenwriting credits include the epic historical drama Ben-Hur, which also won the Academy Award for Best Picture in 1959.
/m/03gkn5	Robert Michael Gates is an American statesman and university president who served as the 22nd United States Secretary of Defense from 2006 to 2011. Gates served for 26 years in the Central Intelligence Agency and the National Security Council, and under President George H. W. Bush was Director of Central Intelligence. Gates was also an officer in the United States Air Force and during the early part of his military career, he was recruited by the CIA. After leaving the CIA, Gates became president of Texas A&M University and was a member of several corporate boards. Gates served as a member of the Iraq Study Group, the bipartisan commission co-chaired by James A. Baker III and Lee H. Hamilton, that studied the lessons of the Iraq War.\nGates was nominated by Republican President George W. Bush as Secretary of Defense after the 2006 election, replacing Donald Rumsfeld. He was confirmed with bipartisan support. In a 2007 profile written by former National Security Advisor Zbigniew Brzezinski, Time named Gates one of the year's most influential people. In 2008, Gates was named one of America's Best Leaders by U.S. News & World Report. He continued to serve as Secretary of Defense in President Barack Obama's administration. He retired in 2011. “He’ll be remembered for making us aware of the danger of over-reliance on military intervention as an instrument of American foreign policy,” said former Senator David L. Boren. Gates was presented the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the nation's highest civilian award, by President Obama during his retirement ceremony. According to a Washington Post book review, he is \"widely considered the best defense secretary of the post-World War II era.\"
/m/04112r	Club Deportivo Chivas USA is an American professional soccer club located in the Los Angeles suburb of Carson, California, originally a subsidiary of the Mexican club C.D. Guadalajara, which competes in Major League Soccer.\nThe club became the eleventh MLS team upon its entry into the league in 2004. Chivas USA was intended to be seen as a \"little brother\" to its parent club C.D. Guadalajara, one of the most widely supported and successful teams in Mexico. In Spanish, chivas means \"goats\", and is the nickname of C.D. Guadalajara.\nChivas USA plays its home games at the StubHub Center in Carson, which it shares with its rival, the Los Angeles Galaxy. The club was originally owned by Jorge Vergara, who also owns C.D. Guadalajara; in 2014, MLS purchased the club from Vergara with plans to sell it to new owners, who will rebrand the club in time for the 2015 season.
/m/03l295	Dwyane Tyrone Wade, Jr., nicknamed Flash or D-Wade, is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for the Miami Heat of the NBA. He has established himself as one of the most well-known and popular players in the league. He had the top selling jersey in the NBA for nearly two years, as he led the NBA in jersey sales from the 2005 NBA Playoffs, until the midpoint of the 2006–07 season. His first name is pronounced, the same as the more common spellings \"Duane\" and \"Dwayne\".\nAfter entering the league as the fifth pick in the 2003 NBA Draft, Wade was named to the All-Rookie team and the All-Star team the following ten seasons. In his third season, Wade led the Miami Heat to their first NBA championship in franchise history. He was named the 2006 NBA Finals MVP as the Heat won the series 4-2 over the Dallas Mavericks. At the 2008 Summer Olympics, Wade led the United States men's basketball team, commonly known as the \"Redeem Team\", in scoring, as they captured gold medal honors in Beijing, China. In the 2008–09 season, Wade led the league in scoring and earned his first NBA scoring title.\nAfter Lebron James joined the Heat, Wade was part of Miami's second championship win in the 2012 NBA Finals, when Miami defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder. He won his third NBA championship in 2013, when the Heat defeated the San Antonio Spurs in the 2013 NBA Finals.
/m/026390q	Thelma & Louise is a 1991 adventure female buddy film co-produced and directed by Ridley Scott and written by Callie Khouri. It stars Geena Davis as Thelma and Susan Sarandon as Louise, with Harvey Keitel, Michael Madsen and Brad Pitt in supporting roles.\nThe film became a critical and commercial success, receiving six Academy Award nominations and winning one for Best Original Screenplay. Both Sarandon and Davis were nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress.
/m/09v6gc9	Brad Falchuk is a television writer, director and producer. He is best known for his work on the television series Nip/Tuck, Glee, and American Horror Story.
/m/071_8	Simon Fraser University is a public research university in British Columbia, Canada, with its main campus on Burnaby Mountain and satellite campuses in Downtown Vancouver and Surrey. The 1.7 km² main campus on Burnaby Mountain, located 20 km from downtown Vancouver, was established in 1965 and comprises more than 30,000 students and approximately 950 faculty members. The university is adjacent to an urban village, UniverCity. The university was named after Simon Fraser, a North West Company fur trader and explorer. Undergraduate and graduate programs operate on a year-round tri-semester schedule. It is the only Canadian university competing in the National Collegiate Athletic Association. In 2007, Simon Fraser University was the first and remains the only university to be awarded the Prix du XXe siècle from the Royal Architectural Institute of Canada recognizing the \"enduring excellence of nationally significant architecture\".\nSFU was ranked first among Canada's comprehensive universities in 1993, 1996, 1997, 1998, 2000, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011 and 2012 by Maclean's.
/m/0233qs	Reggaeton is a music genre which has its roots in Latin and Caribbean music. Its sound derives from the Reggae en Español from Panama. The genre was invented, shaped and made known in Puerto Rico where it got its name; most of its current artists are also from Puerto Rico. After its mainstream exposure in 2004, it spread to North American, European, Asian and African audiences.\nReggaeton blends musical influences of Jamaican dancehall and Trinidadian soca with those of Latin America, such as salsa, bomba, Latin hip hop, and electronica. Vocals include rapping and singing, typically in Spanish. Lyrics tend to be derived from hip hop. Like hip hop, reggaeton has caused some controversy, albeit less, due to alleged exploitation of women.\nWhile it takes influences from hip hop and Jamaican dancehall, reggaeton is not precisely the Hispanic or Latin American version of either of these genres; reggaeton has its own specific beat and rhythm, whereas Latin hip hop is simply hip hop recorded by artists of Latino descent. The specific \"riddim\" that characterizes reggaeton is referred to as \"Dem Bow\". The name \"Dem Bow\" is taken from the dancehall song by Shabba Ranks that first popularized the beat in the early 1990s, and appears on his album Just Reality.
/m/0j8cs	The Ulster Unionist Party – sometimes referred to as the Official Unionist Party or, in a historic sense, simply the Unionist Party – is the older of the two main unionist political parties in Northern Ireland. Before the split in unionism in the late 1960s, when the former Protestant Unionist Party began to attract more hardline support away from the UUP, it governed Northern Ireland between 1921 and 1972 as the sole major unionist party. It continued to be supported by most unionist voters throughout the period known as the Troubles.\nThe UUP has lost support among Northern Ireland's unionist and Protestant community to the Democratic Unionist Party in successive elections at all levels of government since 1999. The party is currently led by Mike Nesbitt.\nIn 2009 the party agreed to an electoral alliance with the Conservative Party and the two parties fielded joint candidates for elections to the House of Commons and the European Parliament under the banner of \"Ulster Conservatives and Unionists – New Force\". Literature and the website for the 2009 European Parliament election used \"Conservatives and Unionists\" as the short name. The party held its European seat but lost all its Westminster seats when their sole MP left the party in protest at the alliance and ran as an Independent.
/m/0f_nbyh	The Producers Guild of America Award for Best Theatrical Motion Picture is one of the annual awards given by the Producers Guild of America from 1989.\nStarting from 2009, the number of nominees has increased from five to ten, in accordance with the number of Academy Awards Best Picture nominees.
/m/0dr89x	The Bridges of Madison County is a 1995 American romantic drama film based on the best-selling novel of the same name by Robert James Waller. It was produced by Amblin Entertainment and Malpaso Productions, and distributed by Warner Bros. Entertainment. The film was produced and directed by Clint Eastwood with Kathleen Kennedy as co-producer and the screenplay was adapted by Richard LaGravenese. The film stars Eastwood and Meryl Streep. Streep received an Academy Award for Best Actress nomination in 1996 for her performance in the film.
/m/0ym8f	The Queen's College is a constituent college of the University of Oxford, England. The college was founded in 1341 by Robert de Eglesfield in honour of Queen Philippa of Hainault. The college is distinguished by its predominantly neoclassical architecture, which includes buildings designed by Sir Christopher Wren and Nicholas Hawksmoor.\nIn 2012, the college had an endowment of £157.1 million, making it the fifth wealthiest college.
/m/0133jj	Tyrol is a federal state in western Austria. It comprises the Austrian part of the historic Princely County of Tyrol, corresponding with the present-day Euroregion Tyrol–South Tyrol–Trentino. The capital of Tyrol is Innsbruck.
/m/02j9lm	Rachel Anne Griffiths is an Australian film and television actress. She came to prominence with the 1994 film Muriel's Wedding and her Academy Award nominated performance in Hilary and Jackie. She is best known for her portrayals of Brenda Chenowith in the HBO series Six Feet Under and Sarah Walker Laurent on the ABC primetime drama Brothers & Sisters. Her work in film and television has earned her a Golden Globe Award, two Screen Actors Guild Awards and three Australian Film Institute Awards.
/m/0cv0r	Baltimore County is a county located in the northern part of the U.S. state of Maryland. As of the 2010 census, the population was 805,029. It is part of the Baltimore-Washington Metropolitan Area. Its county seat since 1854 has been Towson. The name of the county was derived from the barony of the Proprietor of the Maryland colony, Cæcilius Calvert, 2nd Baron Baltimore, and the town of \"Baltimore\" in County Longford, Ireland. Baltimore County no longer includes the City of Baltimore.\nMuch of Baltimore County is suburban in character, straddling the border between the Piedmont plateau and, in the southern regions of the county, the Atlantic coastal plain. Northern Baltimore County is primarily rural, with a landscape of rolling hills and deciduous forests characteristic of the Southeastern mixed forests.\nAmong the county's major employers are MedStar Franklin Square Medical Center in Rossville, the Social Security Administration, which has its national headquarters in Woodlawn, and Black & Decker in Towson. During World War II, the Glenn L. Martin Company in Middle River had 53,000 employees manufacturing airplanes for the war effort and Bethlehem Steel had more than 30,000 workers at its sprawling Sparrows Point steel mill. Of the 410,100 persons in the county's workforce as of 2009, 25% are employed in the fields of education, health, and human services, and 10% in retailing, with less than 1% in agriculture. The county is also home to the University of Maryland, Baltimore County and Towson University.
/m/050sw4	Contemporary hit radio is a radio format that is common in the United States, United Kingdom, Canada and Australia that focuses on playing current and recurrent popular music as determined by the top 40 music charts. There are several subcategories, dominantly focusing on rock, pop, or urban music. Used alone, CHR most often refers to the CHR-pop format. The term contemporary hit radio was coined in the early 1980s by Radio & Records magazine to designate top 40 stations which continued to play hits from all musical genres as pop music splintered into adult contemporary, urban contemporary and other formats. The term top 40 is also used to refer to the actual list of hit songs, and, by extension, to refer to pop music in general. The term has also been modified to describe top 50; top 30; top 20; top 10; hot 100 and hot hits radio formats, but carrying more or less the same meaning and having the same creative point of origin with Todd Storz as further refined by Gordon McLendon as well as Bill Drake. The format became especially popular in the sixties as radio stations constrained disc jockeys to numbered play lists in the wake of the payola scandal.
/m/0146bp	Diabetes mellitus type 2 is a metabolic disorder that is characterized by high blood sugar in the context of insulin resistance and relative lack of insulin. This is in contrast to diabetes mellitus type 1, in which there is an absolute lack of insulin due to breakdown of islet cells in the pancreas. The classic symptoms are excess thirst, frequent urination, and constant hunger. Type 2 diabetes makes up about 90% of cases of diabetes, with the other 10% due primarily to diabetes mellitus type 1 and gestational diabetes. Obesity is thought to be the primary cause of type 2 diabetes in people who are genetically predisposed to the disease.\nType 2 diabetes is initially managed by increasing exercise and dietary changes. If blood sugar levels are not adequately lowered by these measures, medications such as metformin or insulin may be needed. In those on insulin, there is typically the requirement to routinely check blood sugar levels.\nRates of type 2 diabetes have increased markedly since 1960 in parallel with obesity. As of 2010 there were approximately 285 million people diagnosed with the disease compared to around 30 million in 1985. Long-term complications from high blood sugar can include heart disease, strokes, diabetic retinopathy where eyesight is affected, kidney failure which may require dialysis, and poor blood flow in the limbs leading to amputations. The acute complication of ketoacidosis, a feature of type 1 diabetes, is uncommon, however nonketotic hyperosmolar coma may occur.
/m/026lj	David Hume was a Scottish philosopher, historian, economist, and essayist known especially for his philosophical empiricism and skepticism. He was one of the most important figures in the history of Western philosophy and the Scottish Enlightenment. Hume is often grouped with John Locke, George Berkeley, and a handful of others as a British Empiricist.\nBeginning with his A Treatise of Human Nature, Hume strove to create a total naturalistic \"science of man\" that examined the psychological basis of human nature. In stark opposition to the rationalists who preceded him, most notably Descartes, he concluded that desire rather than reason governed human behaviour, saying: \"Reason is, and ought only to be the slave of the passions\". A prominent figure in the sceptical philosophical tradition and a strong empiricist, he argued against the existence of innate ideas, concluding instead that humans have knowledge only of things they directly experience. Thus he divides perceptions between strong and lively \"impressions\" or direct sensations and fainter \"ideas\", which are copied from impressions. He developed the position that mental behaviour is governed by \"custom\", that is acquired ability; our use of induction, for example, is justified only by our idea of the \"constant conjunction\" of causes and effects. Without direct impressions of a metaphysical \"self\", he concluded that humans have no actual conception of the self, only of a bundle of sensations associated with the self.
/m/03ydry	Ayako Kawasumi is a Japanese voice actress and J-pop singer. She is affectionately referred to by her fellow voice actors and fans as \"Ayachii\", \"Ayasumi\" and \"Aya-nē\". She is a skilled pianist, having practiced the piano since childhood. She composed and performed \"...To You\", the opening theme to Piano, and played pianists in the anime Piano and Nodame Cantabile. As a voice actress, she is perhaps best known for her role as Saber throughout various media in the Fate/stay night franchise, including the original visual novel, anime, and its prequel, Fate/Zero.
/m/017_cl	Crewe is a railway town within the unitary authority area of Cheshire East and the ceremonial county of Cheshire, England. According to the 2001 census the urban area had a population of 67,683. Crewe is perhaps best known as a large railway junction and home to Crewe Works, for many years a major railway engineering facility for manufacturing and overhauling locomotives, but now much reduced in size. From 1946 until 2002 it was also the home of Rolls-Royce motor car production. The Pyms Lane factory on the west of the town now produces Bentley motor cars exclusively.
/m/0371rb	Verein für Bewegungsspiele Stuttgart 1893 E. V., commonly known as VfB Stuttgart, is a German sports club based in Stuttgart, Baden-Württemberg. The club is best known for its football team which is part of Germany's first division Bundesliga, missing only two seasons of play since the top tier of the German football league system was established in 1963. VfB Stuttgart has won the national championship five times, most recently in 2006–07, and the DFB-Pokal three times.\nThe football team plays its home games at the Mercedes-Benz Arena, in the Neckarpark which is located near the Cannstatter Wasen where the city's Oktoberfest celebration takes place. Second team side VfB Stuttgart II currently plays in the 3. Liga, which is the highest division allowed for a reserve team. The club's junior teams have won the national U19 championships a record 10 times and the Under 17 Fußball-Bundesliga 6 times.\nA membership-based club with 45,636 members, VfB is the largest sports club in Baden-Württemberg and the fifth largest in Germany. It has departments for fistball, hockey, table-tennis and football referees, all of which compete only at the amateur level. The club also maintains a social department, the VfB-Garde.
/m/0jq27	Montpellier is a city in southern France. It is the capital of the Languedoc-Roussillon region, as well as the Hérault department. Montpellier is the 8th largest city of France, and is also the fastest growing city in the country over the past 25 years. Located on the south coast of France on the Mediterranean Sea, it is the third-largest French city on the Mediterranean coast after Marseille and Nice.
/m/01q9mk	The Heisman Memorial Trophy Award, is awarded annually to the most outstanding player in college football in the United States whose performance best exhibits the pursuit of excellence with integrity. Winners epitomize great ability combined with diligence, perseverance, and hard work. It is presented by the Heisman Trophy Trust in early December before the postseason bowl games.\nThe award was created in 1935 for the \"most valuable football player in the East\" by the Downtown Athletic Club. After the death of the Club's athletic director, John Heisman, the award was named in his honor and broadened to include players west of the Mississippi. Heisman had been active in college athletics as a football player; a head football, basketball, and baseball coach; and an athletic director. It is the oldest of several overall awards in college football, including the Maxwell Award, Walter Camp Award, and the AP Player of the Year. The Heisman and the AP Player of the Year honor the most outstanding player, while the Maxwell and Walter Camp awards recognize the best player, and the Archie Griffin Award recognizes the most valuable player.
/m/040njc	This page lists the winners and nominees for the BAFTA Award for Best Film, BAFTA Award for Best Film Not in the English Language and Alexander Korda Award for Best British Film for each year, in addition to the retired earlier versions of those awards. The British Academy of Film and Television Arts, is a British organisation that hosts annual awards shows for film, television, children's film and television, and interactive media. Since 1948, selected films have been awarded with the BAFTA award for Best Film at an annual ceremony.
/m/0yt73	Hamilton is a city in Butler County, southwestern Ohio, United States. The population was 62,447 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Butler County. The city is part of the Cincinnati metropolitan area, and includes the historic neighborhood of Lindenwald. The city's mayor is Patrick Moeller and the City Manager is Joshua Smith. Most of the city is in the Hamilton City School District.\nThe industrial city is seeking to revitalize itself through the arts and was officially declared the \"City of Sculpture\" in 2000. It has brought many sculpture installations to the city and founded the Pyramid Hill Sculpture Park.
/m/0f6_j	Putnam County is a county located in the U.S. state of New York, in the lower Hudson River Valley. Putnam County formed in 1812, when it detached from Dutchess County. As of the 2010 census, the population was 99,710. It is part of the New York City Metropolitan Area. The county seat is the hamlet of Carmel. Putnam County was named in honor of Israel Putnam, a hero in the French and Indian War and a general in the American Revolutionary War. It is one of the most affluent counties in America, ranked 7th by median household income, and 47th by per-capita income, according to the 2012 American Community Survey and 2000 United States Census, respectively.
/m/05_z42	The Colbert Report is an American satirical late night television program that airs Monday through Thursday on Comedy Central. It stars political humorist Stephen Colbert, a former correspondent for The Daily Show with Jon Stewart. The Colbert Report is a spin-off from and counterpart to The Daily Show that comments on politics and the media in a similar way. It satirizes conservative personality-driven political pundit programs, particularly Fox News' The O'Reilly Factor. The show focuses on a fictional anchorman character named Stephen Colbert, played by his real-life namesake. The character, described by Colbert as a \"well-intentioned, poorly informed, high-status idiot\", is a caricature of televised political pundits.\nThe Colbert Report has been nominated for seven Primetime Emmy Awards each in 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, and 2012, two Television Critics Association Awards Awards, and two Satellite Awards. In 2013, it won two Emmys. It has been presented as non-satirical journalism in several instances, including by the Tom DeLay Legal Defense Trust and by Robert Wexler following his interview on the program. The Report received considerable media coverage following its debut on October 17, 2005, for Colbert's coining of the term \"truthiness\", which dictionary publisher Merriam-Webster named its 2006 Word of the Year.
/m/01j4ls	Christopher Joseph \"Chris\" Isaak is an American rock musician and occasional actor.
/m/0cffd	Ferrara is a city and comune in Emilia-Romagna, northern Italy, capital city of the Province of Ferrara. It is situated 50 kilometres north-northeast of Bologna, on the Po di Volano, a branch channel of the main stream of the Po River, located 50 km north. The town has broad streets and numerous palaces dating from the 14th and 15th centuries, when it hosted the court of the House of Este. For its beauty and cultural importance it has been qualified by UNESCO as World Heritage Site. Modern times have brought a renewal of industrial activity. Ferrara is on the main rail line from Bologna to Padua and Venice, and has branches to Ravenna, Poggio Rusco and Codigoro.
/m/0c_j5d	Marvel Entertainment, LLC, formerly Marvel Enterprises and Toy Biz, Inc., is an American entertainment company formed from the merger of Marvel Entertainment Group, Inc. and Toy Biz, Inc. The company is known for its comic books and, as of the 2000s, its film productions from Marvel Studios.\nIn 2009, The Walt Disney Company acquired Marvel Entertainment, Inc. for $4.64 billion. It has been a limited liability company since then.\nMarvel has film partnerships with 20th Century Fox and Columbia Pictures, whereas Marvel Studios' films are released by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures, another Disney unit. Marvel's characters and properties have since appeared at Walt Disney Parks and Resorts attractions, in addition to existing licensing agreements with Universal Parks & Resorts that extends before Disney's acquisition.
/m/019jlq	Darjeeling is a town in the Indian state of West Bengal. A popular tourist destination, it is located in the Mahabharat Range or Lesser Himalaya at an average elevation of 6,710 ft. It is noted for its tea industry and the Darjeeling Himalayan Railway, a UNESCO World Heritage Site. Darjeeling is the headquarters of Darjeeling district which has a partially autonomous status within the state of West Bengal.\nThe development of the town dates back to the mid-19th century, when the colonial British administration set up a sanatorium and a military depot. Subsequently, extensive tea plantations were established in the region, and tea growers developed hybrids of black tea and created new fermentation techniques. The resultant distinctive Darjeeling tea is internationally recognised and ranks among the most popular of the black teas. The Darjeeling Himalayan Railway connects the town with the plains and has one of the few steam locomotives still in service in India.\nDarjeeling has several British-style public schools, which attract students from India and neighbouring countries. The varied culture of the town reflects its diverse demographic milieu consisting of Nepalese, Tibetan, Bengali and other ethno-linguistic groups. Darjeeling, with its neighbouring town of Kalimpong, was a centre of the Gorkhaland movement in the 1980s. The town's fragile ecology has been threatened by a rising demand for environmental resources, stemming from growing tourist traffic and poorly planned urbanisation.
/m/01j5sv	Claudia Cardinale is an Italian actress who appeared in some of the most prominent European films of the 1960s and 1970s. The majority of Cardinale's films have been either Italian or French.
/m/0mnk7	Lynchburg is an independent city in the Commonwealth of Virginia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 75,568. Located in the foothills of the Blue Ridge Mountains along the banks of the James River, Lynchburg is known as the \"City of Seven Hills\" or \"The Hill City.\" Lynchburg was the only major city in Virginia that did not fall to the Union before the end of the American Civil War.\nLynchburg is the principal city of the Metropolitan Statistical Area of Lynchburg, near the geographic center of Virginia. It is the fifth largest MSA in Virginia with a population of 246,036. Other nearby cities include Roanoke, Charlottesville, and Danville. Lynchburg's sister cities are Rueil-Malmaison, France and Glauchau, Germany.\nLynchburg is the home of Central Virginia Community College, Liberty University, Lynchburg College, Randolph College, and Virginia University of Lynchburg. The Lynchburg MSA also includes Sweet Briar College.
/m/06w92	Sicily is the largest island in the Mediterranean Sea; along with surrounding minor islands, it constitutes an autonomous region of Italy, the Regione Siciliana.\nSicily is located in the central Mediterranean. It extends from the tip of the Apennine peninsula, from which it is separated only by the narrow Strait of Messina, towards the North African coast. Its most prominent landmark is Mount Etna, which at 3,320 m is the tallest active volcano in Europe and one of the most active in the world. The island has a typical Mediterranean climate.\nThe earliest archeological evidence of human dwelling on the island dates from as early as 8000 BC. At around 750 BC, Sicily was host to a number of Phoenician and Greek colonies and for the next 600 years it was the site of the Greek–Punic and Roman–Punic wars, which ended with the Roman destruction of Carthage. After the fall of the Roman Empire in the 5th century AD, Sicily frequently changed hands, and during the early Middle Ages it was ruled in turn by the Vandals, Ostrogoths, Byzantines, Arabs and Normans. Later on, the Kingdom of Sicily lasted between 1130 and 1816, first subordinated to the crowns of Aragon, Spain, the Holy Roman Empire, and finally unified under the Bourbons with Naples, as the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies. Following the Expedition of the Thousand, a Giuseppe Garibaldi-led revolt during the Italian Unification process and a plebiscite, it became part of Italy in 1860. After the birth of the Italian Republic in 1946, Sicily was given special status as an autonomous region.
/m/02mmwk	War of the Worlds is a 2005 American epic science fiction disaster film and a loose adaptation of H. G. Wells's novel The War of the Worlds, directed by Steven Spielberg and written by Josh Friedman and David Koepp. It stars Tom Cruise as Ray Ferrier, a divorced dock worker estranged from his children and living separately from them. As his ex-wife drops their children off for him to look after for a few days, the planet is attacked by aliens that come up out of the ground driving Tripods and as Earth's armies are defeated, Ray tries to protect his children and flee to Boston to rejoin his ex-wife.\nThe film was shot in 73 days, using five different sound stages as well as locations at California, Connecticut, New Jersey, New York, and Virginia. The film was surrounded by a secrecy campaign so few details would be leaked before its release. Tie-in promotions were made with several companies, including Hitachi. The film was released in the United States on 29 June and in United Kingdom on 1 July. War of the Worlds was a box office success, and became 2005's fourth most successful film both domestically, with $234 million in North America, and $591 million overall. At the time of its release it was the highest grossing film starring Tom Cruise.
/m/02v5_g	Scream 2 is a 1997 American slasher film created and written by Kevin Williamson and directed by Wes Craven, starring Neve Campbell, Courteney Cox, David Arquette, Sarah Michelle Gellar, Jamie Kennedy and Liev Schreiber, released on December 12, 1997 as the second installment in the Scream film series. Scream 2 takes place two years after Scream and again follows the character of Sidney Prescott, now a student at the fictional Windsor College, who becomes the target of a copycat killer using the guise of Ghostface. Sidney is accompanied by film-geek Randy Meeks, retired deputy sheriff Dewey Riley and news reporter Gale Weathers. Like its predecessor, Scream 2 combines the violence of the slasher genre with elements of comedy and \"whodunit\" mystery while satirizing the cliché of film sequels. The film was followed by two sequels, Scream 3 and Scream 4.\nWilliamson provided a five-page outline for a sequel to Scream when auctioning his original script, hoping to entice bidders with the potential of buying a franchise. Following a successful test screening of Scream and the film's financial and critical success, Dimension Films moved forward with the sequel while Scream was still in theaters, with the principal cast all returning to star, Craven to direct and Beltrami to provide music.
/m/01y3_q	Breakcore is a style of electronic dance music largely influenced by hardcore techno, drum and bass, digital hardcore and industrial music that is characterized by its use of heavy kick drums, breaks and a wide palette of sampling sources, played at high tempos.
/m/02lyx4	Angie Dickinson is an American actress who has appeared in more than 50 films and starred on television as Sergeant Leann \"Pepper\" Anderson in the successful 1970s crime series Police Woman.
/m/01pgp6	There's Something About Mary is a 1998 comedy film, directed by the Farrelly brothers, Bobby and Peter. It stars Cameron Diaz, Matt Dillon and Ben Stiller, and it is a combination of romantic comedy and gross-out film.\nThe film was placed 27th in the American Film Institute's 100 Years, 100 Laughs: America's Funniest Movies, a list of the 100 funniest movies of the 20th century. In 2000, readers of Total Film magazine voted it the 4th greatest comedy film of all time. Diaz won a New York Film Critics Circle Award for Best Actress, an MTV Movie Award for Best Performance, an American Comedy Award for Best Actress, a Blockbuster Entertainment Award for Best Actress, she also received a Golden Globe nomination for her performance.
/m/012pd4	Scott Bradley was an American composer, pianist and conductor.\nBradley is best remembered for scoring the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer theatrical cartoons, including those starring Tom and Jerry, Droopy, Barney Bear and many one-off cartoons.\nIn an autobiographical sketch, Bradley noted that he began his career performing with and later conducting theatre orchestras in Houston, Texas. He studied organ and harmony with Horton Corbett, the choir director of Houston's Christ Church Cathedral, but was \"otherwise entirely self-taught in composition and orchestration.\". In 1926, Bradley moved to Los Angeles to conduct programs over KHJ Radio, an activity that led to his growing involvement in animation at the start of the talkie era. He was a staff musician for Walt Disney and the Ub Iwerks studio, then became music director for Hugh Harman and Rudy Ising, who were hired to produce cartoon shorts for MGM. After MGM established its own cartoon studio in 1937, Bradley was hired permanently and remained with the company for twenty years.
/m/01kyln	LaGuardia Airport is an airport in the northern part of the New York City borough of Queens. The airport is on the waterfront of Flushing Bay and Bowery Bay, in East Elmhurst and borders the neighborhoods of East Elmhurst, Astoria, and Jackson Heights.\nThe New York City metropolitan area's JFK International, LaGuardia, and Newark Liberty International airports combine to create the largest airport system in the United States, second in the world in terms of passenger traffic, and first in the world in terms of total flight operations. In 2011 the airport handled 24.1 million passengers; In 2012, LaGuardia Airport had a strong growth in passenger traffic; about 25.7 million passengers used the airport, a 6.6 percent increase from last year. JFK handled 47.4 million and Newark handled 33.9 million, a total of about 105 million travelers using New York airports.\nThe airport is a hub for Delta Air Lines and a focus city for American Airlines and regional affiliate American Eagle.\nLaGuardia is the busiest airport in the United States without any non-stop service to Europe. A perimeter rule prohibits nonstop flights to or from points beyond 1,500 statute miles. Exceptions to the perimeter rule are flights on Saturdays and flights to Denver. Most transcontinental and international flights use JFK or Newark.
/m/0432mrk	The indigenous peoples of the Americas are the pre-Columbian inhabitants of North and South America and their descendants. Pueblos indígenas is a common term in Spanish-speaking countries. Aborigen is used in Argentina, whereas \"Amerindian\" is used in Guyana but not commonly in other countries. Indigenous peoples are commonly known in Canada as Aboriginal peoples, which include First Nations, Inuit, and Métis peoples. Indigenous peoples of the United States are commonly known as Native Americans or American Indians, and Alaskan Natives.\nAccording to the prevailing New World migration model, migrations of humans from Eurasia to the Americas took place via Beringia, a land bridge which connected the two continents across what is now the Bering Strait. The majority of authorities agree that the earliest migration via Beringia took place at least 13,500 years ago, with disputed evidence that people had migrated into the Americas much earlier, up to 40,000 years ago These early Paleo-Indians soon spread throughout the Americas, diversifying into many hundreds of culturally distinct nations and tribes. According to the oral histories of many of the indigenous peoples of the Americas, they have been living there since their genesis, described by a wide range of traditional creation accounts.
/m/05vz3zq	The Union of Soviet Socialist Republics abbreviated to USSR or the Soviet Union, was a socialist state on the Eurasian continent that existed between 1922 and 1991, governed as a single-party state by the Communist Party with Moscow as its capital. A union of multiple subnational Soviet republics, its government and economy were highly centralized.\nThe Soviet Union had its roots in the Russian Revolution of 1917, which deposed the imperial autocracy. The majority faction of the Social Democratic Labour Party, led by Vladimir Lenin, then led a second revolution which overthrew the provisional government and established the Russian Socialist Federative Soviet Republic, beginning a civil war between pro-revolution Reds and counter-revolution Whites. The Red Army entered several territories of the former Russian Empire and organized workers and peasants into soviets under Communist leadership. In 1922, the Communists were victorious, forming the Soviet Union with the unification of the Russian, Transcaucasian, Ukrainian, and Byelorussian republics. Following Lenin's death in 1924, a troika collective leadership and a brief power struggle, Joseph Stalin came to power in the mid-1920s. Stalin committed the state ideology to Marxism–Leninism and initiated a centrally planned economy. As a result, the country underwent a period of rapid industrialisation and collectivisation which laid the basis for its later war effort and dominance after World War II. In the wake of the spread of fascism through Europe, Stalin repressed both Communist Party members and elements of the population by creating an atmosphere of political paranoia and establishing a system of correctional labour camps.
/m/0mwl2	Lehigh County is a county located in the Lehigh Valley region of the eastern part of the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2010 census, the population was 349,497. Its county seat is Allentown, the state's third largest city behind Philadelphia and Pittsburgh. In addition to Allentown, the county includes the western section of the city of Bethlehem, six boroughs and 14 townships. Of 67 Pennsylvania counties, it is the 11th most populous. It is part of the New York City Metropolitan Area.\nIt is currently the fastest growing county in the entire state of Pennsylvania, and amongst the fastest growing nationwide from 2010 to 2012, ranking in the 79th percentile overall for that time period.\nThe county, which was first settled around 1730, was formed in 1812 with the division of Northampton County into two counties. It is named after the Lehigh River, whose name is derived from the Delaware Indian term Lechauweki or Lechauwekink, meaning \"where there are forks\".
/m/03_3d	Japan is an island nation in East Asia. Located in the Pacific Ocean, it lies to the east of the Sea of Japan, China, North Korea, South Korea and Russia, stretching from the Sea of Okhotsk in the north to the East China Sea and Taiwan in the south. The characters that make up Japan's name mean \"sun-origin\", which is why the country is sometimes referred to as the \"Land of the Rising Sun\". Japan is an archipelago of 6,852 islands, the four largest being Honshu, Hokkaido, Kyushu and Shikoku. Together, these four islands hold about 97 percent of the country's land area. Japan has the world's tenth-largest population, with more than 126 million people. Honshū's Greater Tokyo Area includes the de facto capital city of Tokyo and several surrounding prefectures. It is the largest metropolitan area in the world, with more than 30 million residents.\nArchaeological research indicates that people lived in Japan as early as the Upper Paleolithic period. The first written mention of Japan is found in Chinese texts from the 1st century AD. Influence from other nations followed by long periods of isolation has characterized Japan's history. Japan evolved into a cohesive society during the Heian period. From the 12th century until 1868, Japan was ruled by successive feudal military dictatorships or shogunates in the name of the Emperor. In the early 17th century, Japan entered into a long period of isolation, which was only ended in 1853 when a United States fleet pressured Japan to open to the West. Nearly two decades of internal conflict and insurrection followed before the Meiji Emperor was restored as head of state in 1868 and the Empire of Japan was proclaimed, with the Emperor enshrined as a divine symbol of the nation.
/m/08fbnx	Dragon Ball: Mystical Adventure, is the third Dragon Ball feature film, originally released in Japan on July 9, 1988 at the \"Toei Manga Matsuri\" film festival as part of a quadruple feature along with the second Bikkuriman movie, the movie version of Tatakae!! Ramenman, and the second Kamen Rider Black movie.\nUnlike the previous two Dragon Ball films, Mystical Adventure does not introduce any original characters, but instead adapts characters from the Red Ribbon and 22nd Tenkaichi Budokai story arcs from the manga into the film's original storyline.
/m/0197tq	Norah Jones is an American singer-songwriter, musician, and actress. She is the daughter of sitar virtuoso Ravi Shankar and Sue Jones. She is Anoushka Shankar's half-sister.\nIn 2002, she launched her solo music career with the release of the commercially successful and critically acclaimed album Come Away with Me, a fusion of country music and pop with elements of jazz which was certified diamond album, selling over 26 million copies. The record earned Jones five Grammy Awards, including the Album of the Year, Record of the Year, and Best New Artist. Her subsequent studio albums Feels Like Home, released in 2004; Not Too Late, released in 2007, the same year she made her film debut in My Blueberry Nights; and 2009's The Fall all gained Platinum status, selling over a million copies each and were generally well received by critics. Jones' fifth studio album, Little Broken Hearts, was released on April 27, 2012.\nJones has won nine Grammy Awards and was 60th on Billboard magazine's artists of the 2000–2009 decade chart. Throughout her career, Jones has won numerous awards and has sold more than 50 million albums worldwide. Billboard named her the top jazz artist of the 2000–2009 decade.
/m/05hywl	Grupo Desportivo Estoril Praia, commonly known as simply as Estoril is a Portuguese sports club that plays in Estoril, Cascais, Lisbon. The club was founded on 17 May 1939. The club currently plays at the Estádio António Coimbra da Mota which holds a seating capacity of 5015. As a sports club, Estoril Praia has departments for football, futsal and basketball.\nThe club currently plays in Primeira Liga. Since the club's establishment it has won nine trophies in its senior football department, the most recent being the 2011–12 Liga de Honra. As a result of this, several personnel of the club were awarded awards in relation to their performances in the 2011–12 season, of which they include Licá who won the LPFP Liga de Honra Player of the Year, Vagner who won the LPFP Liga de Honra Goalkeeper of the Year and Marco Silva who won the LPFP Liga de Honra Coach of the Year. The club is currently sponsored by Danish sports manufacturer hummel.
/m/04h5_c	The Puerto Rico national football team is the national team of Puerto Rico and is controlled by Federación Puertorriqueña de Fútbol. Puerto Rico's national football team is a member of the Caribbean Football Union, part of the CONCACAF.
/m/070fnm	Gaslight is a 1944 mystery-thriller film adapted from Patrick Hamilton's play, Gas Light, performed as Angel Street on Broadway in 1941. It was the second version to be filmed; the first, released in the United Kingdom, had been made a mere four years earlier. This 1944 version of the story was directed by George Cukor and starred Ingrid Bergman, Charles Boyer, Joseph Cotten, and 18-year-old Angela Lansbury in her screen debut. It had a larger scale and budget than the earlier film, and lends a different feel to the material.
/m/024tkd	The One Hundred Seventh United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, composed of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, D.C. from January 3, 2001 to January 3, 2003, during the final weeks of the Clinton presidency and the first two years of the George W. Bush presidency. The apportionment of seats in this House of Representatives was based on the Twenty-first Census of the United States in 1990. The House of Representatives had a Republican majority, and the Senate switched majorities from Democratic to Republican and back to Democratic.
/m/028q7m	Tabriz is the fourth largest city and one of the historical capitals of Iran and the capital of East Azerbaijan Province. Situated at an altitude of 1,350 meters at the junction of the Quru River and Aji River, it was the second largest city in Iran until the late 1960s, one of its former capitals, and residence of the crown prince under the Qajar dynasty. The city has proven extremely influential in the country’s recent history. Tabriz is located in a valley to the north of the long ridge of the volcanic cone of Sahand, south of the Eynali mountain. The valley opens out into a plain that slopes gently down to the northern end of Lake Urmia, 60 kilometres to the west. With cold winters and temperate summers the city is considered a summer resort.\nThe estimated population of the city is around 2,000,000 based on results of the Iranian census bureau. Tabriz is the fourth most populous city in Iran after Tehran, Mashhad, and Esfahan, and is also a major Iranian heavy industrial and manufacturing center. Some of these industries include automobile, machine tools, oil and petrochemical and cement production.\nWith a rich history, Tabriz contains many historical monuments, but repeated devastating earthquakes and several invasions during frequent wars have substantially damaged many of them. Many monuments in the city date back to the Ilkhanid, Safavid, and Qajar periods, with the large Tabriz Historic Bazaar Complex being named as a World Heritage Site in 2010. In addition to all of this there is an excavation site and museum in the city center with a history that dates back 2500 years, which is also regarded as one of the most historic cities in ancient Iran.
/m/06r4f	Star Trek: Voyager is a science fiction television series set in the Star Trek universe.\nThe show is initially set on the other side of the Milky Way galaxy, 75,000 light-years from Earth, during the 2370s; the setting migrates across that distance over the course of the show's run, as they make their way back towards Earth. It follows the adventures of the Starfleet vessel USS Voyager, which became stranded in the Delta Quadrant while pursuing a renegade Maquis ship. Both ships' crews merge aboard Voyager to make the estimated 75-year journey home.\nThe show was created by Rick Berman, Michael Piller, and Jeri Taylor and is the fifth incarnation of Star Trek, which began with the 1960s series Star Trek, created by Gene Roddenberry. It was produced for seven seasons, from 1995 to 2001, and is the only Star Trek TV series with a female captain, Kathryn Janeway, as a main character.\nStar Trek: Voyager aired on UPN and was the network's second longest running series.
/m/03v40v	José Cuauhtémoc \"Bill\" Meléndez was a Mexican-American character animator, film director, voice artist and producer, known for his cartoons for Disney, Warner Brothers, UPA and the Peanuts series. Melendez provided the voices of Snoopy and Woodstock in the latter as well.
/m/01l9vr	Charlestown is the oldest neighborhood in Boston, Massachusetts, United States. Originally called Mishawum by the Native Americans, it is located on a peninsula north of the Charles River, across from downtown Boston, and also adjoins the Mystic River and Boston Harbor. Charlestown was laid out in 1629 by engineer Thomas Graves, one of its early settlers. It was originally a separate town and the first capital of the Massachusetts Bay Colony; it became a city in 1848 and was annexed by Boston on January 5, 1874. While it has had a substantial Irish American population since the migration of Irish people during the Great Irish Famine of the 1840s, since the late 1980s the neighborhood has changed dramatically because of its proximity to downtown and its colonial architecture. However, it still maintains a strong Irish American population and identity.
/m/04l7mn	Tooth & Nail Records is a record label founded by Brandon Ebel in California in November 1993. The label later moved to Seattle, where it is situated today. It is home to many well-known musical acts, including Underoath, Hawk Nelson, Emery, The Almost, FM Static, Family Force 5, and MxPx.\nTooth & Nail's first album released was Wish for Eden's Pet the Fish, which was produced by Michael Knott and originally slated to be released by Blonde Vinyl. Subsequent releases from The Juliana Theory, MxPx, and Starflyer 59 made Tooth & Nail a strong force in Christian music circles, as well as a niche underground subculture in itself. Prior to forming Tooth & Nail, Ebel worked for the Christian label Frontline.
/m/0b7l4x	Smokin' Aces is a 2006 American crime film written and directed by Joe Carnahan. It stars Jeremy Piven as a Las Vegas Strip magician turned mafia informant and Ryan Reynolds as the FBI agent assigned to protect him. The film was the debut of singer Alicia Keys and rapper Common as actors, and also starred Ben Affleck, Jason Bateman, Andy García, Ray Liotta, Chris Pine and Matthew Fox. The film is set in Lake Tahoe and was mainly filmed at MontBleu Resort Casino & Spa, called the \"Nomad Casino\" in the film.
/m/02drd3	Merian C. Cooper was a film producer, film director, cinematographer and writer.
/m/04_m9gk	The 34th annual Toronto International Film Festival was held in Toronto, Ontario, Canada between September 10 and September 19, 2009. The opening night gala presented the Charles Darwin biography Creation. The Young Victoria, based on the early years of Queen Victoria, closed the festival on September 19.
/m/04k9y6	Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events is a 2004 American black comedy fantasy film directed by Brad Silberling. It is an adaptation of the The Bad Beginning, The Reptile Room, and The Wide Window, being the first three books in A Series of Unfortunate Events by Lemony Snicket. The film stars Jim Carrey, with narration by Jude Law and cameos by Catherine O'Hara and Dustin Hoffman. The film tells the story of three orphans who are adopted by their distant cousin, a mysterious theater troupe actor named Count Olaf, as he attempts to steal their late parents' fortune.\nNickelodeon Movies purchased the film rights to Daniel Handler's book series in May 2000 and soon began development of a film. Barry Sonnenfeld signed on to direct in June 2002. He hired Handler to adapt the screenplay and courted Jim Carrey for Count Olaf. Sonnenfeld eventually left over budget concerns in January 2003 and Brad Silberling took over. Robert Gordon rewrote Handler's script, and principal photography started in November 2003. A Series of Unfortunate Events was entirely shot using sound stages and backlots at Paramount Pictures and Downey Studios. The film received generally favorable reviews from critics, grossed approximately $209 million worldwide, and won the Academy Award for Best Makeup.
/m/03spz	Israel, officially the State of Israel, is a country in Western Asia, on the south-eastern shore of the Mediterranean Sea. It shares land borders with Lebanon in the north, Syria in the northeast, Jordan on the east, the Palestinian territories comprising the West Bank and Gaza Strip on the east and southwest respectively, Egypt and the Gulf of Aqaba in the Red Sea to the south, and it contains geographically diverse features within its relatively small area. In its Basic Laws Israel defines itself as a Jewish and Democratic State; it is the world's only Jewish-majority state.\nOn 29 November 1947, the United Nations General Assembly recommended the adoption and implementation of the partition plan of Mandatory Palestine. On 14 May 1948, David Ben-Gurion, the Executive Head of the World Zionist Organization and president of the Jewish Agency for Palestine, declared \"the establishment of a Jewish state in Eretz Israel, to be known as the State of Israel,\" a state independent upon the termination of the British Mandate for Palestine, 15 May 1948. Neighboring Arab armies invaded Palestine on the next day and fought the Israeli forces. Israel has since fought several wars with neighboring Arab states, in the course of which it has occupied the West Bank, Sinai Peninsula, part of South Lebanon, Gaza Strip and the Golan Heights. It annexed portions of these territories, including East Jerusalem, but the border with the West Bank is disputed. Israel has signed peace treaties with Egypt and Jordan, but efforts to resolve the Israeli–Palestinian conflict have so far not resulted in peace.
/m/015cbq	Bob Hope, KBE, KCSG, KSS, born Leslie Townes Hope, was an English-born American comedian, vaudevillian, actor, singer, dancer, author, and athlete who appeared on Broadway, in vaudeville, movies, television, and on the radio. He was noted for his numerous United Service Organizations shows entertaining American military personnel—he made 57 tours for the USO between 1941 and 1991. Throughout his long career, he was honored for this work. In 1997, the U.S. Congress declared him the \"first and only honorary veteran of the U.S. armed forces.\"\nWith a career spanning over 60 years, Hope appeared in over 70 films and shorts, including a series of \"Road\" movies co-starring Bing Crosby and Dorothy Lamour. In addition to hosting the Academy Awards fourteen times, he appeared in many stage productions and television roles, and was the author of fourteen books. He participated in the sports of golf and boxing, and owned a small stake in his hometown baseball team, the Cleveland Indians. He was married to performer Dolores Hope for 69 years. Hope died at age 100.
/m/0cw4l	Madhya Pradesh is a state in central India. Its capital is Bhopal, and the largest city is Indore. Nicknamed the \"heart of India\" due to its geographical location in India, Madhya Pradesh is the second largest state in the country by area. With over 75 million inhabitants, it is the sixth largest state in India by population. It borders the states of Uttar Pradesh to the northeast, Chhattisgarh to the southeast, Maharashtra to the south, Gujarat to the west, and Rajasthan to the northwest.\nThe area covered by the present-day Madhya Pradesh includes the area of the ancient Avanti mahajanapada, whose capital Ujjain arose as a major city during the second wave of Indian urbanisation in the sixth century BCE. Subsequently, the region was ruled by the major dynasties of India, including the Mauryans, Satvahanas, Rashtrakutas, the Mughals and the Marathas. By the early 18th century, the region was divided into several small kingdoms which were captured by the British and incorporated into Central Provinces and Berar and the Central India Agency. After India's independence, Madhya Pradesh state was created with Nagpur as its capital: this state included the southern parts of the present-day Madhya Pradesh and north-eastern portion of today's Maharashtra. In 1956, this state was reorganised and its parts were combined with the states of Madhya Bharat, Vindhya Pradesh and Bhopal to form the new Madhya Pradesh state with Bhopal as its capital; the Marathi-speaking Vidarbha region was removed and merged with the then Bombay State. This state was the largest in India by area until 2000, when its southeastern Chhattisgarh region was made a separate state.
/m/0zygc	Chester is a city in Delaware County, Pennsylvania, United States, with a population of 33,972 at the 2010 census. Chester is situated on the Delaware River, between the cities of Philadelphia and Wilmington, Delaware.
/m/07rzf	Timothy James \"Tim\" Curry is an English actor, singer, composer, and voice actor, known for his work in a diverse range of theatre, film and television productions, often portraying villainous roles or character parts.\nCurry first rose to prominence with his portrayal of Dr. Frank-N-Furter in the 1975 cult film The Rocky Horror Picture Show, reprising the role he had originated in the 1973 London and 1974 Los Angeles stage productions of The Rocky Horror Show. Curry garnered further acclaim for his film and television roles; as Rooster in the 1982 film adaptation of Annie, as Darkness in the 1985 film Legend, as Wadsworth in the film of the same year Clue, and as Pennywise in the 1990 horror miniseries It. Some more comedic roles include Home Alone 2: Lost in New York, and Muppet Treasure Island. Other notable stage roles include Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart in the 1980 Broadway production of Amadeus and as King Arthur in Spamalot in 2005.
/m/0683n	Paul Benjamin Auster is an American author and director whose writing blends absurdism, existentialism, crime fiction, and the search for identity and personal meaning in works such as The New York Trilogy, Moon Palace, The Music of Chance, The Book of Illusions, and The Brooklyn Follies.
/m/0h9qh	A monster is any creature, usually found in legends or horror fiction, that is often hideous and may produce fear or physical harm by its appearance and/or its actions. The word \"monster\" derives from Latin monstrum, an aberrant occurrence, usually biological, that was taken as a sign that something was wrong within the natural order.\nThe word usually connotes something wrong or evil; a monster is generally morally objectionable, physically or psychologically hideous, and/or a freak of nature. It can also be applied figuratively to a person with similar characteristics like a greedy person or a person who does horrible things.\nHowever, the root of 'monstrum' is 'monere'—which does not only mean to warn, but also to instruct, and forms the basis of the modern English demonstrate. Thus, the monster is also a sign or instruction. This benign interpretation was proposed by Saint Augustine, who did not see the monster as inherently evil, but as part of the natural design of the world, a kind-of deliberate category error.
/m/011yxy	Cries and Whispers is a 1972 Swedish film written and directed by Ingmar Bergman and starring Harriet Andersson, Kari Sylwan, Ingrid Thulin and Liv Ullmann. The film is set at a mansion at the end of the 19th century and is about two sisters and a maid who watch over their third sister on her deathbed, torn between fearing she might die and hoping that she will. After several unsuccessful experimental films, Cries and Whispers was a critical and commercial success for Bergman, gaining nominations for five Academy Awards. These included a nomination for Best Picture, which was unusual for a foreign-language film.\nCries and Whispers returned to the traditional Bergman themes of the female psyche or the quest for faith and redemption. Unlike his previous films, Cries and Whispers uses saturated colour, especially crimson. It was for the color and light scheme that the cinematographer and long-time Bergman collaborator Sven Nykvist was awarded the Academy Award for Best Cinematography.
/m/05zbm4	Joseph Leonard Gordon-Levitt is an American actor, director, screenwriter, producer, and editor. As a child star, he appeared in the films A River Runs Through It, Angels in the Outfield, Beethoven, and 10 Things I Hate About You, and as Tommy Solomon in the TV series 3rd Rock from the Sun.\nHe took a break from acting to study at Columbia University, but dropped out in 2004 to pursue acting again. He has since starred in Days of Summer, Inception, Hesher, 50/50, Premium Rush, The Dark Knight Rises, Brick, and Looper, appeared in The Lookout, Manic, Lincoln, Mysterious Skin, and G.I. Joe: The Rise of Cobra, and will appear in the sequel Sin City: A Dame to Kill For as Johnny. He also founded the online production company hitRECord in 2004.\nIn 2013, Gordon-Levitt made his feature film directing and screenwriting debut with Don Jon, a comedy film in which he also stars. He previously directed and edited two short films, both of which were released in 2010: Morgan M. Morgansen's Date with Destiny and Morgan and Destiny's Eleventeenth Date: The Zeppelin Zoo.
/m/01pvkk	A sound editor is a creative professional responsible for selecting and assembling sound recordings in preparation for the final sound mixing or mastering of a television program, motion picture, video game, or any production involving recorded or synthetic sound. Sound editing developed out of the need to fix the incomplete, undramatic, or technically inferior sound recordings of early talkies, and over the decades has become a respected filmmaking craft, with sound editors implementing the aesthetic goals of motion picture sound design.\nThe Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences recognizes the artistic contribution of exceptional sound editing with the Academy Award for Best Sound Editing.\nThere are primarily 3 divisions of sound that are combined to create a final mix, these being dialogue, effects, and music. In larger markets such as New York and Los Angeles, sound editors often specialize in only one of these areas, thus a show will have separate dialogue, effects, and music editors. In smaller markets, sound editors are expected to know how to handle it all, often crossing over into the mixing realm as well. Editing effects is likened to creating the sonic world from scratch, while dialogue editing is likened to taking the existing sonic world and fixing it. Dialogue editing is more accurately thought of as \"production sound editing\", where the editor takes the original sound recorded on the set, and using a variety of techniques, makes the dialogue more understandable, as well as smoother, so the listener doesn't hear the transitions from shot to shot. Among the challenges that effects editors face are creatively adding together various elements to create believable sounds for everything you see on screen, as well as memorizing their sound effects library.
/m/0r4wn	Carlsbad is an affluent seaside resort city occupying a 7-mile stretch of Pacific coastline in North San Diego County, California. The city is located 87 miles south of Los Angeles and 35 miles north of downtown San Diego. Referred to as \"The Village by the Sea\" by locals, Carlsbad's Mediterranean climate attracts visitors year-round to its quaint hotels and five-star luxury resorts. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, as of July 2012, the city's population is 109,318.
/m/034g2b	Rory Cochrane is an American actor. He is known for playing Ron Slater in Dazed and Confused, Lucas in Empire Records, Lee Schatz in Argo and Tim Speedle in CSI: Miami.
/m/01z53w	Worthing is a large seaside town with borough status in West Sussex, in the historic county of Sussex. It is situated at the foot of the South Downs, 10 miles west of Brighton, and 18 miles east of the county town of Chichester. With an estimated population of 104,600 and an area of 12.5 square miles the borough is the second largest component of the Brighton/Worthing/Littlehampton conurbation, which makes it part of the 12th most populous urban area in the United Kingdom.\nThe area around Worthing has been populated for at least 6,000 years and contains Britain's greatest concentration of Stone Age flint mines, which are some of the earliest mines in Europe. Lying within the borough, the Iron Age hill fort of Cissbury Ring is one of Britain's largest. Worthing means \" Worth/Worō's people\", from the Old English personal name Worth/Worō, and -ingas \"people of\". For many centuries Worthing was a small mackerel fishing hamlet until in the late 18th century it developed into an elegant Georgian seaside resort and attracted the well-known and wealthy of the day. In the 19th and 20th centuries the area was one of Britain's chief market gardening centres.
/m/037hz	Golf is a precision club and ball sport in which competing players use many types of clubs to hit balls into a series of holes on a course using the fewest number of strokes. Golf is defined, in the rules of golf, as \"playing a ball with a club from the teeing ground into the hole by a stroke or successive strokes in accordance with the Rules.\"\nIt is one of the few ball games that do not require a standardized playing area. Instead, the game is played on a course, in general consisting of an arranged progression of either nine or 18 holes. Each hole on the course must contain a tee box to start from, and a putting green containing the actual hole. There are various other standardized forms of terrain in between, such as the fairway, rough, and hazards, but each hole on a course, and indeed among virtually all courses, is unique in its specific layout and arrangement.\nGolf competition is generally played for the lowest number of strokes by an individual, known simply as stroke play, or the lowest score on the most individual holes during a complete round by an individual or team, known as match play. Stroke play is the most commonly seen format at virtually all levels of play, although variations of match play, such as \"skins\" games, are also seen in televised events. Other forms of scoring also exist.
/m/0y_hb	Awakenings is a 1990 American drama film based on Oliver Sacks' 1973 memoir of the same title. It tells the true story of British neurologist Oliver Sacks, fictionalized as American Malcolm Sayer and portrayed by Robin Williams who, in 1969, discovers beneficial effects of the then-new drug L-Dopa. He administered it to catatonic patients who survived the 1917–28 epidemic of encephalitis lethargica. Leonard Lowe and the rest of the patients were awakened after decades of catatonia and have to deal with a new life in a new time. The film was nominated for three Academy Awards.\nDirected by Penny Marshall, the film was produced by Walter Parkes and Lawrence Lasker, who first encountered Sacks's book as undergraduates at Yale University and optioned it a few years later. Awakenings stars Robert De Niro, Robin Williams, Julie Kavner, Ruth Nelson, John Heard, Penelope Ann Miller, and Max Von Sydow. The film features a non-speaking cameo from jazz legend Dexter Gordon who appears as a patient and then-unknowns Bradley Whitford, Peter Stormare, and Vincent Pastore play a doctor, neurochemist, and psych-ward patient, respectively.
/m/096lf_	Tyler Gerald \"Ty\" Burrell is an American actor who is known for his role as Phil Dunphy in the ABC comedy Modern Family, for which he has won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series in 2011.
/m/02r20ff	The Out of Iraq Caucus is a Congressional caucus in the United States House of Representatives, created in June 2005.\nIt consists of House members who advocate the departure of United States troops from Iraq, effectively ending U.S. participation in the Iraq War. There are currently 73 members of the 110th Congress in the caucus, all of whom belong to the Democratic Party. It is chaired by Maxine Waters, Representative for the 35th District of California.
/m/09zw90	Gale Anne Hurd is an American film producer and screenwriter. She is currently the recording secretary for the Producers Guild of America.
/m/02pzz3p	The Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Younger Actress in a Drama Series is an award presented annually by the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences and Academy of Television Arts & Sciences. It was first awarded at the 12th Daytime Emmy Awards, held in 1985 and it is given to honor a young actress below the age of 25, who has delivered an outstanding performance in a role while working within the daytime drama industry. The awards ceremony had not been aired on television for the prior two years, having been criticized for voting integrity. The award was originally called Outstanding Ingenue in a Drama Series, the criteria of the new category were deemed confusing; performers of differing ages were nominated and critics argued some were of supporting or lead actress standards. Adding to the confusion, the first winner, Tracey E. Bregman, and the Outstanding Supporting Actress winner that year, Beth Maitland, played characters near to the same age. The category was renamed Outstanding Juvenile Female in a Drama Series in 1989 and began using its current title in 1991. The criteria were later altered, requiring that the actress be aged 25 or below.\nKristen Alderson is the 2013 recipient of the award for her portrayal of Starr Manning on General Hospital; the soap opera is the show with the most awarded actresses, with a total of seven. Since 2008, Jennifer Landon has been tied with Jennifer Finnigan for most wins, with three each. In 1999, Heather Tom became the most nominated actress in the category when she was nominated a seventh time, also winning a second time that year. She was nominated again the following year, holding the title with eight nominations, however lost to Camryn Grimes.
/m/03x31g	Tabu is an Indian film actress. She has mainly acted in Hindi films, though she has also starred in numerous Telugu, Tamil, Malayalam, Marathi and Bengali language films, as well as Hollywood films. She has won the National Film Award for Best Actress twice, and she holds the record for the most wins of Filmfare's Critics Award for Best Female Performer, with four.\nDespite a few exceptions, Tabu is best known for acting in artistic, low-budget films that go on to garner more critical appreciation than substantial box office figures. Her appearances in commercially successful films were few, and her parts in these films were small, such as Border, Saajan Chale Sasural, Biwi No.1 and Hum Saath-Saath Hain: We Stand United. Her most notable performances include Maachis, Virasat, Hu Tu Tu, Astitva, Chandni Bar, Maqbool and Cheeni Kum. Her leading role in Mira Nair's American film The Namesake also drew major praise. She also co-starred in Ang Lee's film Life of Pi, which was widely acclaimed.\nRegarded as one of the most talented Indian female actors of her generation, Tabu is known to be selective about her film roles and has once said, \"I do films which move me and most of all, the unit and the director should appeal to me.\" She was awarded the Padma Shri, India's fourth highest civilian award, in 2011 by the Government of India for her contributions towards the arts.
/m/0123j6	Bethesda Softworks, LLC, is an American video game publisher. A subsidiary of ZeniMax Media, the company was originally based in Bethesda, Maryland, and eventually moved to their current location in Rockville, Maryland. Consisting of a broad portfolio of games in role-playing, racing, simulation, and sports, Bethesda Softworks' major franchises are distributed worldwide.
/m/025spv	A business magnate is a person of great influence, importance, or standing in a particular enterprise or field of business. The term characteristically refers to a wealthy individual who controls through personal business ownership or dominant shareholding position a firm or industry whose goods, products, or services are widely consumed. Such individuals may also be called czars, moguls, tycoons, taipans, market makers, barons, or oligarchs.
/m/03x83_	The Government College University, Lahore, is a public university located in the downtown area of Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan. It is one of the oldest university in Pakistan as well as oldest institution of higher learning in the Muslim world. Initially established as Government College Lahore, it was granted university status by the Government of Pakistan in 2002; the world college is retained in its title for preserving its historical roots.\nThe GCU offers wide range of programs for undergraduate, post-graduate, and doctoral studies with a strong emphasis on science and arts. Its departments of physics and mathematics holds an international prestige and retains distinguish image for world-class research and development in the country as well as in the world. As of current, the GCU has four faculties within which there are 29 academic departments; there are four research institutes associated with the GCU.\nThe GCU secured its second position in the \"medium category\" by the HEC in 2013. In addition, the GCU has the highest graduation rate in the country, with an average of 95.5% annually. Alumni of the GCU are called Ravians which is derived word from the name of the student magazine \"Ravi\", published by the administration of the college; the magazine name is inspired by the Ravi River. The GCU is noted for its historical roots and attracted notable scholars such as Leitner, Salam and philosopher Iqbal to studied and became alumnus of the GCU.
/m/01vs5c	The University of Oklahoma is a coeducational public research university located in Norman, Oklahoma. Founded in 1890, it had existed in Oklahoma Territory near Indian Territory for 17 years before the two became the state of Oklahoma. As of 2007 the university had 29,931 students enrolled, most located at its main campus in Norman. Employing nearly 3,000 faculty members, the school offers 152 baccalaureate programs, 160 master's programs, 75 doctorate programs, and 20 majors at the first professional level. David Lyle Boren, a former U.S. Senator and Oklahoma Governor, has served as President of the University of Oklahoma since 1994.\nThe school is ranked first per capita among public universities in enrollment of National Merit Scholars and among the top ten in the graduation of Rhodes Scholars. PC Magazine and the Princeton Review rated it one of the \"20 Most Wired Colleges\" in both 2006 and 2008, while the Carnegie Foundation classifies it as a research university with \"very high research activity.\" Located on its Norman campus are two prominent museums, the Fred Jones Jr. Museum of Art, specializing in French Impressionism and Native American artwork, and the Sam Noble Oklahoma Museum of Natural History, specializing in the natural history of Oklahoma.
/m/05c5xx9	The San Diego State football team represents San Diego State University in the sport of American football. The Aztecs compete in the Football Bowl Subdivision of the National Collegiate Athletics Association and the West Division of the Mountain West Conference. They play their homes games at Qualcomm Stadium and are currently coached by Rocky Long. They have won nineteen conference championships and three national championships at the small college division. In July 2013, they were to become a football only member of the Big East Conference, but on January 17, 2013 the Mountain West's Board of Directors voted to reinstate San Diego State.
/m/03phtz	Daylight is a 1996 American disaster thriller film directed by Rob Cohen and starring Sylvester Stallone, Amy Brenneman, Viggo Mortensen, Dan Hedaya, Stan Shaw, Karen Young and Danielle Harris. It was released in theaters on December 6, 1996.
/m/01pw2f1	Alyssa Jayne Milano is an American actress, producer and former singer, best known for portraying Samantha Micelli on the ABC sitcom series Who's the Boss?, Jennifer Mancini on the Fox soap opera Melrose Place, and Phoebe Halliwell on The WB television series Charmed. She currently stars as Savannah Davis in ABC drama series Mistresses, and as a host on the third season of Lifetime's Project Runway: All Stars.
/m/01wz01	Keir Dullea is an American actor best known for the character of astronaut David Bowman, whom he portrayed in the 1968 film 2001: A Space Odyssey, and in 1984's 2010: The Year We Make Contact. Other film roles include Bunny Lake Is Missing and Black Christmas.
/m/01vn35l	Stephen Lawrence \"Steve\" Winwood is an English musician whose genres include rock, blue-eyed soul, rhythm and blues, blues rock, pop rock, and jazz. A multi-instrumentalist, he can play keyboards, bass guitar, drums, guitar, mandolin, violin, and other strings.\nWinwood was a key member of the Spencer Davis Group, Traffic, Blind Faith and Go. He also had a successful solo career with hits including \"Valerie\", \"Back in the High Life Again\" and two US Billboard Hot 100 number ones; \"Higher Love\" and \"Roll With It\". He was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of Traffic in 2004.\nIn 2005 Winwood was honoured as a BMI Icon at the annual BMI London Awards for his \"enduring influence on generations of music makers.\" In 2008, Rolling Stone magazine ranked Winwood #33 in its 100 Greatest Singers of All Time. Winwood has won two Grammy Awards.
/m/0cjf0	Fever is one of the most common medical signs and is characterized by an elevation of body temperature above the normal range of 36.5–37.5 °C due to an increase in the temperature regulatory set-point. This increase in set-point triggers increased muscle tone and chills.\nAs a person's temperature increases, there is, in general, a feeling of cold despite an increase in body temperature. Once the new temperature is reached, there is a feeling of warmth.\nA fever can be caused by many different viral or bacterial conditions ranging from benign to potentially serious. Some studies suggest that fever is useful as a defense mechanism as the body's immune response can be strengthened at higher temperatures, however there are arguments for and against the usefulness of fever, and the issue is controversial. With the exception of very high temperatures, treatment to reduce fever is often not necessary; however, antipyretic medications can be effective at lowering the temperature, which may improve the affected person's comfort.\nFever differs from uncontrolled hyperthermia, in that hyperthermia is an increase in body temperature over the body's thermoregulatory set-point, due to excessive heat production or insufficient thermoregulation.
/m/01nkcn	Utah State University is a public research university located in Logan, Utah. It is a land-grant and space-grant institution and is accredited by the Northwest Commission on Colleges and Universities.\nFounded in 1888 as Utah's agricultural college, USU focused on agriculture, domestic arts, and mechanic arts. The university now offers programs in liberal arts, engineering, business, economics, natural resource sciences, as well as nationally ranked elementary & secondary education programs. The university has eight colleges and offers a total of 176 bachelor's degrees, 97 master's degrees, and 38 doctoral degrees.\nUSU's main campus is located in Logan with regional campuses in Brigham City, Tooele, and the Uintah Basin. In 2010, the College of Eastern Utah, located in Price, Utah joined the USU system becoming Utah State University College of Eastern Utah. Throughout Utah, USU operates more than 20 distance education centers. Regional campuses, USU Eastern, and distance education centers provide degrees to more than 40% of the students enrolled. In total, USU has more than 180,000 alumni in all 50 states and more than 100 countries.\nWith more than 16,000 students living on or near campus, USU is the largest public residential campus in Utah.
/m/07scx	Unix is a multitasking, multi-user computer operating system that exists in many variants. The original Unix was developed at AT&T's Bell Labs research center by Ken Thompson, Dennis Ritchie, and others. From the power user's or programmer's perspective, Unix systems are characterized by a modular design that is sometimes called the \"Unix philosophy,\" meaning the OS provides a set of simple tools that each perform a limited, well-defined function, with a unified filesystem as the main means of communication and a shell scripting and command language to combine the tools to perform complex workflows.\nThe C programming language was designed by Dennis Ritchie as a systems programming language for Unix, allowing for portability beyond the initial PDP-11 development platform and the use of Unix on a plethora of computing platforms.\nDuring the late 1970s and 1980s, Unix developed into a standard operating system for academia. AT&T tried to commercialize it by licensing the OS to third-party vendors, leading to a variety of both academic and commercial variants of Unix and eventually to the \"Unix wars\" between groups of vendors. AT&T finally sold its rights in Unix to Novell in the early 1990s.
/m/024mpp	Hulk is a 2003 American superhero film based on the fictional Marvel Comics character of the same name. Ang Lee directed the film, which stars Eric Bana as Dr. Bruce Banner, as well as Jennifer Connelly, Sam Elliott, Josh Lucas, and Nick Nolte. The film explores the origins of the Hulk, which is partially attributed to Banner's father's experiments on himself, and on his son.\nDevelopment for the film started as far back as 1990. The film was at one point to be directed by Joe Johnston and then Jonathan Hensleigh. More scripts had been written by Hensleigh, John Turman, Michael France, Zak Penn, J. J. Abrams, Scott Alexander and Larry Karaszewski, Michael Tolkin, and David Hayter before Ang Lee and James Schamus' involvement. Hulk was shot mostly in California, primarily in the San Francisco Bay Area.\nThe film grossed over $245 million worldwide, higher than its $137 million budget, but still considered somewhat of a disappointment. The film received mixed to positive reviews from film critics. Many praised the writing, acting, character development of the film and the music score by Danny Elfman, but criticized the character origins differing from the comics, outdated CGI, and the dark, depressing story plot. A reboot, titled The Incredible Hulk, was released on June 13, 2008.
/m/034q81	Panjab University offers courses and research in Science, Engineering & Technology, Humanities, Commerce, Social Sciences, Performing Arts and Sports. The campus is residential, spread over 550 acres in sectors 14 and 25 of the city of Chandigarh. The main administrative and academic buildings are located in sector 14, beside a health centre, a sports complex, hostels and residential housing.\nThe university has 75 teaching and research departments and 15 centres/chairs for teaching and research at the main campus located at Chandigarh. It has 188 affiliated colleges spread over Punjab, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh, Chandigarh & Regional Centres at Muktsar, Ludhiana and Hoshiarpur.\nIn the Times Higher Education's World University Rankings list 2013-14 Panjab University was put in the 226-250 bracket leaving behind all other Indian and world Universities.
/m/01w9k25	Justin Smith, better known as Just Blaze, is an American hip hop record producer from Paterson, New Jersey. Blaze is also the CEO of Fort Knocks Entertainment. He is most well known for producing Jay-Z songs on the albums The Blueprint, The Blueprint 2, and The Black Album. His production can also be found on Eminem's 2010 album Recovery. Blaze appears in the video for the third single from Recovery entitled \"No Love\", which he also produced.
/m/0173s9	Marlborough College is a co-educational independent school for day and boarding pupils located in Marlborough, Wiltshire. Founded in 1843 for the sons of Church of England clergy, it is now fully coeducational.\nThe Good Schools Guide described Marlborough as a \"Famous, designer label, co-ed boarding school still riding high.\" The school is a member of the G20 Schools Group. The college opened a sister school in southern Malaysia in late 2012, being located approximately 50 km from central Singapore.
/m/019z7q	Norman Kingsley Mailer was an American novelist, journalist, essayist, playwright, film maker, actor and political candidate. His first novel was The Naked and the Dead, published in 1948. His best work was widely considered to be The Executioner's Song, which was published in 1979, and for which he won one of his two Pulitzer Prizes. In addition to the Pulitzer Prize, Mailer's book Armies of the Night was awarded the National Book Award.\nAlong with the likes of Truman Capote, Hunter S. Thompson and Tom Wolfe, Mailer is considered an innovator of creative nonfiction, a genre sometimes called New Journalism, which superimposes the style and devices of literary fiction onto fact-based journalism.\nMailer was also known for his essays, the most renowned of which was The White Negro. He was a major cultural commentator and critic, both through his novels, his journalism, his essays and his frequent media appearances.\nIn 1955, Mailer and three others founded The Village Voice, an arts and politics oriented weekly newspaper distributed in Greenwich Village.
/m/06b0d2	Mehcad Jason McKinley Brooks is an American actor and former fashion model. He is known for his roles as Matthew Applewhite in the second season of ABC's hit series Desperate Housewives, Jerome in The Game, and his leading role as Terrance \"TK\" King in the USA series Necessary Roughness from 2011 until the series' cancellation in 2013.
/m/0qb0j	Shandong, is a coastal province of the People's Republic of China, and is part of the East China region.\nShandong has played a major role in Chinese history from the beginning of Chinese civilization along the lower reaches of the Yellow River and served as a pivotal cultural and religious site for Taoism, Chinese Buddhism, and Confucianism. Shandong's Mount Tai is the most revered mountain of Taoism and one of the world's sites with the longest history of continuous religious worship. The Buddhist temples in the mountains to the south of the provincial capital of Jinan were once among the foremost Buddhist sites in China. The city of Qufu is the birthplace of Confucius, and was later established as the center of Confucianism. Shandong's location at the intersection of ancient as well as modern north-south and east-west trading routes have helped to establish it as an economic center. After a period of political instability and economic hardship that began in the late 19th century, Shandong has emerged as one of the most populous and most affluent provinces in the People's Republic of China.
/m/01b65l	The Bold and the Beautiful is an American television soap opera created by William J. Bell and Lee Phillip Bell for CBS. It premiered on March 23, 1987.\nSet in Los Angeles, California, the show centers upon the Forrester family and their fashion house business Forrester Creations. The program features an ensemble cast, headed by its longest-serving actors John McCook as Eric Forrester and Katherine Kelly Lang as Brooke Logan. The Bold and the Beautiful is also a sister show to the Bells' other soap opera The Young and the Restless, as several characters from each of the two shows have crossed over to the other since the early 1990s, and its title derived from Y&R. The most notable crossover between the two shows occurred in 1992 when Genoa City's wicked nurse Sheila Carter, played by Kimberlin Brown, was presumed to have died in a farmhouse fire and relocated to Los Angeles, infiltrating the lives of the Forresters. The ramifications from this hugely successful storyline continued to be felt on both shows for several years and raised B&B's ratings considerably.\nSince its premiere on March 23, 1987, the show has become the most-watched soap in the world, with an audience of an estimated 26.2 million viewers. As of 2010, it continues to hold on to the second-placed position in weekly Nielsen Ratings for daytime dramas. The Bold and the Beautiful has also won 31 Daytime Emmy Awards, including one for Outstanding Drama Series in 2009 and again in 2010, as well as in 2011.
/m/018qql	Robert George Young was an American television, film, and radio actor, best known for his leading roles as Jim Anderson, the father character in Father Knows Best, and the physician Marcus Welby in Marcus Welby, M.D..
/m/0h0p_	Sir Pelham Grenville Wodehouse, KBE, was an English humorist whose body of work includes novels, short stories, plays, poems, song lyrics and numerous pieces of journalism. He enjoyed enormous popular success during a career that lasted more than seventy years, and his many writings continue to be widely read. Despite the political and social upheavals that occurred during his life, much of which was spent in France and the United States, Wodehouse's main canvas remained that of a pre- and post-World War I English upper class society, reflecting his birth, education and youthful writing career.\nAn acknowledged master of English prose, Wodehouse has been admired both by contemporaries such as Hilaire Belloc, Evelyn Waugh and Rudyard Kipling and by recent writers such as Christopher Hitchens, Stephen Fry, Douglas Adams, J. K. Rowling, and John Le Carré.\nBest known today for the Jeeves and Blandings Castle novels and short stories, Wodehouse was also a playwright and lyricist who was part author and writer of 15 plays and of 250 lyrics for some 30 musical comedies, many of them produced in collaboration with Jerome Kern and Guy Bolton. He worked with Cole Porter on the musical Anything Goes, wrote the lyrics for the hit song \"Bill\" in Kern's Show Boat, wrote lyrics to Sigmund Romberg's music for the Gershwin – Romberg musical Rosalie and collaborated with Rudolf Friml on a musical version of The Three Musketeers. He is in the Songwriters Hall of Fame.
/m/01whw6	There are two municipalities in the Greater Vancouver region of British Columbia, Canada, that use the name North Vancouver. These are:\nThe City of North Vancouver\nThe District of North Vancouver\nWhile the City and District are separate entities, each with its own mayor, council, and operations departments, they share several core services such as the North Vancouver School District, the North Vancouver Recreation Commission, and the North Vancouver detachment of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police. These two municipalities, along with the district of West Vancouver, are commonly referred to as the North Shore.\nThe differences between the two municipalities are most apparent to their respective residents. For the most part, other Lower Mainland residents rarely distinguish between the District and the City, referring to both collectively as \"North Vancouver\". The same is true for commercial advertising, and even for certain government departments, including Canada Post. There have been several proposals over the years with regards to merging the two municipalities, but none have progressed beyond the concept stage.\nThere are, however, some distinct differences between the two municipalities, both physically and socially:
/m/07s846j	The Social Network is a 2010 American drama film directed by David Fincher and written by Aaron Sorkin. Adapted from Ben Mezrich's 2009 book The Accidental Billionaires, the film portrays the founding of social networking website Facebook and the resulting lawsuits. It stars Jesse Eisenberg as founder Mark Zuckerberg, along with Andrew Garfield as Eduardo Saverin and Justin Timberlake as Sean Parker, the other principals involved in the website's creation. Neither Zuckerberg nor any other Facebook staff were involved with the project, although Saverin was a consultant for Mezrich's book. The film was released in the United States by Columbia Pictures on October 1, 2010.\nThe film received widespread acclaim, with critics praising it for its screenplay, editing, score, acting and direction. However, some people, including Zuckerberg himself, criticized the film for what they said were its many inaccuracies. The Social Network appeared on 78 critics' Top 10 lists for 2010; of those critics, 22 had the film in their number-one spot. Rolling Stone's Peter Travers said \"The Social Network is the movie of the year. But Fincher and Sorkin triumph by taking it further. Lacing their scathing wit with an aching sadness, they define the dark irony of the past decade.\" It was also Roger Ebert's selection for the best film of the year.
/m/0jcpw	Atlantic Canada is the region of Canada comprising the four provinces located on the Atlantic coast, excluding Quebec: the three Maritime provinces – New Brunswick, Prince Edward Island, and Nova Scotia – and the easternmost province of Newfoundland and Labrador. The population of the four Atlantic provinces in 2011 was about 2,327,650.
/m/0fnff	Hanoi is the capital of Vietnam and the country's second largest city. Its population in 2009 was estimated at 2.6 million for urban districts, 6.5 million for the metropolitan jurisdiction. From 1010 until 1802, it was the most important political centre of Vietnam. It was eclipsed by Huế, the imperial capital of Vietnam during the Nguyễn Dynasty, but Hanoi served as the capital of French Indochina from 1902 to 1954. From 1954 to 1976, it was the capital of North Vietnam, and it became the capital of a reunified Vietnam in 1976, after the North's victory in the Vietnam War.\nThe city lies on the right bank of the Red River. Hanoi is 1,760 km north of Ho Chi Minh City and 120 km west of Hai Phong city.\nOctober 2010 officially marked 1000 years since the establishment of the city. The Hanoi Ceramic Mosaic Mural is a 4 km ceramic mosaic mural created to mark the occasion.\nThe city will host the 2019 Asian Games.
/m/0g7pm1	Date Night is a 2010 romantic comedy crime film directed by Shawn Levy and starring Steve Carell and Tina Fey. It was released in the United States on April 9, 2010. For a time it was marketed as Crazy Night in Europe but later the title was changed back to the original Date Night.
/m/0c7zf	Amman is the capital and most populous city of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan. It is the country's political, cultural and commercial centre and one of the oldest continuously inhabited cities in the world. The Greater Amman area has a population of 2,842,629 as of 2010. The recent economic growth experienced in Amman is unmatched by any other Arab city except those located in the Persian Gulf area. Amman is also the administrative seat of the homonymous governorate. Amman is also ranked a Gamma global city on the World city index.\nAmman was named one of the MENA's best cities according to economic, labour, environmental, and socio-cultural factors. Amman is among the most popular locations for multinational corporations to set up their regional offices, alongside Doha and only behind Dubai. Furthermore, it is expected that in the next 10 years these three cities will capture the largest share of multinational corporation activity in the region. It is a major tourist destination in the region and the capital is especially popular among Gulf tourists.
/m/076tw54	Immortals is a 2011 3D mythology fantasy film directed by Tarsem Singh and starring Henry Cavill, Freida Pinto, and Mickey Rourke. The film also stars Luke Evans, Steve Byers, Kellan Lutz, Joseph Morgan, Stephen Dorff, Daniel Sharman, Alan van Sprang, Isabel Lucas, Corey Sevier, and John Hurt. The film was previously named Dawn of War and War of the Gods before being officially named Immortals, and is loosely based on the Greek myths of Theseus and the Minotaur and the Titanomachy.\nPrincipal photography started on April 5, 2010 in Montreal, and the film was released in 2D and in 3-D on November 11, 2011 by Universal Pictures and Relativity Media.
/m/0prrm	Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back is a 2001 American comedy film directed, written by, and starring Kevin Smith as Silent Bob, the fifth to be set in his View Askewniverse, a growing collection of characters and settings that developed out of his cult favorite Clerks. It focuses on the two titular characters, played respectively by Jason Mewes and Smith.\nThe film features a large number of cameo appearances by famous actors, actresses, and directors.\nThe title and logo for Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back are direct references to the second-released Star Wars film, The Empire Strikes Back.\nSmith originally intended for it to be the last film set in his View Askewniverse, or to feature Jay and Silent Bob. Five years later, Smith reconsidered and decided to continue the series with Clerks II, resurrecting Jay and Silent Bob in supporting roles. Smith has also decided to make another sequel to Clerks, and as of 2013 is in development.
/m/0btpx	Sharon Vonne Stone is an American actress, film producer, and former fashion model. She first achieved international recognition for her role in the erotic thriller Basic Instinct by Paul Verhoeven. She was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actress and won a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in a Motion Picture Drama for her performance in Casino.
/m/0gfzgl	Gossip Girl is an American teen drama television series based on the book series of the same name written by Cecily von Ziegesar. The series, created by Josh Schwartz and Stephanie Savage, originally ran on The CW for six seasons from September 19, 2007 to December 17, 2012. Narrated by the omniscient blogger \"Gossip Girl,\" voiced by Kristen Bell, the series revolves around the lives of privileged young adults on Manhattan's Upper East Side in New York City.\nThe series begins with the return of Upper East Side it girl Serena van der Woodsen from a mysterious stay at a boarding school in Cornwall, Connecticut. Blair Waldorf, whom creators describe as the queen at the center of their chess game, is a longtime friend and occasional rival of Serena's, and the queen bee of Constance Billard School's social scene. The story also follows Chuck Bass, the bad boy of the Upper East Side; \"golden boy\" Nate Archibald, Chuck's best friend and Blair's boyfriend for many years. However, their relationship had been rocky ever since Serena left for boarding school. Other characters of the turbulent Manhattan scene: Dan Humphrey, Dan's best friend Vanessa Abrams, and Dan's sister, Jenny Humphrey.
/m/09rfpk	War and Peace is a television dramatization of the Leo Tolstoy novel of War and Peace. This 20 episode series began on 28 September 1972.\nThe BBC dramatisation of Tolstoy's epic story of love and loss set against the backdrop of the Napoleonic Wars. Anthony Hopkins heads the cast as the soul-searching Pierre Bezukhov, Morag Hood is the impulsive and beautiful Natasha Rostova, Alan Dobie is the dour, heroic Andrei Bolkonsky and David Swift is Napoleon, whose decision to invade Russia in 1812 has far-reaching consequences for Pierre and the Rostov and Bolkonsky families.\nThe twenty-part serial was produced by David Conroy. His aim was to transfer the characters and plot from Tolstoy's magnum opus to television drama to run for 15 hours. Scripted by Jack Pulman and directed by John Davies, Conroy's War and Peace had battle sequences which were filmed in Yugoslavia. The production designer Don Homfray won a BAFTA for his work on the series.\nThis dramatization differs from previous ones in that it preserves many of Tolstoy's \"minor\" characters — notably Platon Karataev, played by Harry Locke.
/m/02fp48	During the American Civil War, the Union was the term used to refer to the United States of America, and specifically to the national government and the 20 free states and five border slave states which supported it. The Union was opposed by 11 southern slave states that had declared a secession to join together to form the Confederacy. The Union is often referred to as \"the North\", both then and now, as opposed to \"the South.\" The Union never recognized the legitimacy of secession and at all times held that it comprised the entire United States of America. In foreign affairs it was recognized by all other nations, none of which officially recognized the Confederate government.
/m/026h21_	A guest host is a host, usually of a talk show, that substitutes for the regular host if they are, for example, ill or have other commitments. Although guest hosts are often undesirable, some shows have seen the guest host do a better job than the main host, and filling in as a guest host has helped to launch the careers of a variety of television and radio talents. In U.S. radio, the concept of a guest host is known as a \"swing jock\".
/m/01vfwd	East Java is a province of Indonesia. It is located on the eastern part of the island of Java and includes the neighbouring islands of Madura, and the Kangean, Sapudi, Bawean, and Masalembu groups.\nIts capital is Surabaya, the second largest city in Indonesia and a major industrial center and port. It covers an area of 47,922 km². At the 2010 Census, the province's population was 37,476,000.\nIt has a land border only with the province of Central Java to the west, being surrounded by sea on all other sides.
/m/01syr4	Alain Fabien Maurice Marcel Delon is a French-born actor and businessman, with French-Swiss dual citizenship since 1999. He rose quickly to stardom, and by the age of 23 was already being compared with French actors such as Gérard Philipe and Jean Marais, as well as American actor James Dean. He was even called the male Brigitte Bardot. Over the course of his career, Delon has worked with many well-known directors, including Luchino Visconti, Jean-Luc Godard, Jean-Pierre Melville, Michelangelo Antonioni and Louis Malle.\nDelon acquired Swiss citizenship on September 23, 1999, and the company managing products sold under his name is based in Geneva. He is a citizen of the community of Chêne-Bougeries in the canton of Geneva.
/m/01718w	Training Day is a 2001 American crime thriller film directed by Antoine Fuqua, written by David Ayer, and starring Denzel Washington and Ethan Hawke. The story follows two LAPD narcotics detectives over a 24-hour period in the gang neighborhoods of North West and South Central Los Angeles.\nThe film was a box office success and earned mostly positive critical appraisal. Washington's performance, a departure from his usual roles, was particularly praised and earned him an Academy Award for Best Actor at the 74th Academy Awards. His co-star Ethan Hawke was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his performance as a rookie cop.
/m/0h98b3k	The 2010 Australian Film Institute Awards ceremony, presented by the Australian Film Institute, honoured the best Australian Films of 2010 and took place on 11 December 2010 at the Regent Theatre, in Melbourne, Victoria.\nThe Australian Film Institute announced the nominees competing for awards in forty-eight categories, in feature film, television, short film and documentaries, on 27 October 2010, with Animal Kingdom receiving eighteen nominations, the most any film has received in the awards' history. On the awards night, Animal Kingdom picked up the most awards, with ten, including Best Film.
/m/0bwfn	New York University is a private, nonsectarian American research university based in New York City. Founded in 1831, NYU is now one of the largest private universities in the United States. Its main campus is located at Washington Square in Greenwich Village, and it also has several other campuses in the United States and abroad.
/m/03d29b	Mamiko Noto is a Japanese voice actress working under Office Osawa. She was born in the city of Kanazawa, Ishikawa, and graduated from Hokuriku Gakuen Senior High School.
/m/03x746	LOSC Lille is a French association football club based in Lille. The club was founded in 1944 as a result of a merger and currently play in Ligue 1, the first division of French football. Lille previously played its home matches at the Stade Lille-Metropole in nearby Villeneuve-d'Ascq. In 2012, the club moved into its new facility, the Grand Stade Lille Métropole. The team is managed by French football figure René Girard and captained by French international Rio Mavuba.\nLille was founded as a result of a merger between Olympique Lillois and SC Fives. Both clubs were founding members of the French Division 1 and Lillois was the league's inaugural champions. Under the Lille emblem, the club has won three league titles in 1946, 1954, and 2011 and six Coupe de France titles, which is tied for fourth-best among clubs. Lille and Red Star FC are the only French clubs in the competition's history to win the Coupe de France in three consecutive seasons. Lille's most successful period was the decade from 1946 to 1956 when the team was led by managers George Berry and André Cheuva.\nLille have a long-standing rivalry with its neighbours RC Lens. The two clubs regularly contest the Derby du Nord. Lille is presided over by Michel Seydoux, a French businessman and movie producer. Seydoux initially purchased shares of the club in January 2002 and, subsequently, gained majority control two years later.
/m/04xn_	Burma, officially the Republic of the Union of Myanmar, commonly shortened to Myanmar, is a sovereign state in Southeast Asia bordered by Bangladesh, India, China, Laos and Thailand. One third of Burma's total perimeter of 1,930 kilometres forms an uninterrupted coastline along the Bay of Bengal and the Andaman Sea. Burma's population of over 60 million makes it the world's 24th most populous country and, at 676,578 square kilometres, it is the world's 40th largest country and the second largest in Southeast Asia.\nEarly civilizations in Burma included the Tibeto-Burman speaking Pyu in Upper Burma and the Mon in Lower Burma. In the 9th century, the Burmans of the Kingdom of Nanzhao entered the upper Irrawaddy valley and, following the establishment of the Pagan Empire in the 1050s, the Burmese language and culture slowly became dominant in the country. During this period, Theravada Buddhism gradually became the predominant religion of the country. The Pagan Empire fell due to the Mongol invasions, and several warring states emerged. In the second half of the 16th century, reunified by the Taungoo Dynasty, the country was for a brief period the largest empire in the history of Southeast Asia. The early 19th century Konbaung Dynasty ruled over an area that included modern Burma and briefly controlled Manipur and Assam as well. The British conquered Burma after three Anglo-Burmese Wars in the 19th century and the country became a British colony. Burma became an independent nation in 1948, initially as a democratic nation and then, following a coup in 1962, a military dictatorship which formally ended in 2011.
/m/014_24	The Indianapolis 500-Mile Race is an automobile race held annually at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway in Speedway, Indiana, an enclave suburb of Indianapolis, Indiana. The event is held over Memorial Day weekend, which is typically the last weekend in May. It is contested as part of the IndyCar Series, the top level of American Championship Car racing, an open-wheel formula colloquially known as \"Indy Car Racing.\"\nThe event, billed as The Greatest Spectacle in Racing, is considered one of the three most prestigious motorsports events in the world. The official attendance is not disclosed by Speedway management, but the permanent seating capacity is upwards of 250,000, and infield patrons raise the race-day attendance to approximately 300,000.\nThe inaugural running was won by Ray Harroun in 1911. The race celebrated its 100th anniversary in 2011, and the 97th running was held in 2013. Tony Kanaan is the defending champion. The most-successful drivers are A. J. Foyt, Al Unser, and Rick Mears, each of whom have won the race four times. Rick Mears holds the record for most career pole positions with six. The most-successful car owner is Roger Penske, owner of Penske Racing, which has 15 total wins and 17 poles.
/m/0jqzt	Frankenstein is a 1931 horror monster film from Universal Pictures directed by James Whale and adapted from the play by Peggy Webling, which in turn is based on the novel of the same name by Mary Shelley. The film stars Colin Clive, Mae Clarke, John Boles and Boris Karloff and features Dwight Frye and Edward van Sloan. The Webling play was adapted by John L. Balderston and the screenplay written by Francis Edward Faragoh and Garrett Fort with uncredited contributions from Robert Florey and John Russell. The make-up artist was Jack Pierce. A huge hit with both audiences and critics, the film was followed by multiple sequels and became one of the most iconic horror films in movie history.
/m/099ks0	Yash Raj Films is an Indian entertainment company established by Yash Chopra, an Indian film director and producer who was considered an entertainment mogul in India. His son Aditya Chopra also produces films under this banner.
/m/04sx9_	Peter Riegert is an American actor, screenwriter, and film director, best known for his roles as Boon from Animal House, the fast talking gangster Aldo in Oscar, the tough Lt. Kellaway in The Mask, and crooked New Jersey State Assemblyman Ronald Zellman on the HBO original series The Sopranos, and \"Mac\" MacIntyre, in Local Hero.
/m/02mplj	Hamburger Sport-Verein e.V, commonly known as Hamburger SV, Hamburg or HSV, is a German sport club based in Hamburg, its largest branch being its football department. Although the current HSV was founded in June 1919 from a merger of three earlier clubs, it officially traces its origin to 29 September 1887 when the first of the predecessors, SC Germania, was founded.\nHSV has one of Germany's oldest and most famous football teams with the unique distinction of having played continuously in the top tier of the German football league system since the end of World War I. The team has never been relegated from any top-flight league. It is the only team that has played in every season of the Bundesliga since its foundation in 1963, at which time the team was led by German national captain Uwe Seeler.\nHSV has won the German national championship six times, the DFB-Pokal three times and the League Cup twice. The team's most successful period was from the mid-1970s until the mid-1980s when, in addition to several domestic honours, they won the 1976–77 European Cup Winners' Cup and the 1982–83 European Cup. Their outstanding player was German national star Felix Magath. To date, HSV's last major trophy was the 1986–87 DFB-Pokal.
/m/01gw8b	Jill Clayburgh was an American actress. She received Academy Award nominations for her roles in An Unmarried Woman and Starting Over.
/m/0783m_	Matthew James \"Matt\" Morrison is an American actor, dancer, musician, and singer-songwriter. He is known for starring in multiple Broadway and Off-Broadway productions, including his portrayal of Link Larkin in Hairspray on Broadway, and most notably for his Emmy and Golden Globe nominated role as Will Schuester on the Fox television show Glee. He has also received a Satellite Award for this role. He has signed with Adam Levine's 222 Records. Morrison received a Tony Award nomination for his featured role as Fabrizio Nacarelli in the musical The Light in the Piazza.
/m/03kq98	Roots is a television miniseries in the USA based on Alex Haley's 1976 novel, entitled Roots: The Saga of an American Family; the series first aired, on ABC-TV, in 1977. Roots received 37 Emmy Award nominations and won nine. It won also a Golden Globe and a Peabody Award. It received unprecedented Nielsen ratings for the finale, which still holds a record as the third-highest-rated US television program. It was produced on a budget of $6.6 million.\nThe series introduced LeVar Burton in the role of Kunta Kinte.\nA sequel, Roots: The Next Generations, first aired in 1979, and a second sequel, Roots: The Gift, a Christmas TV movie, starring Burton and Louis Gossett Jr. first aired in 1988.
/m/03yf4d	Elmer Earl \"Butch\" Hartman IV is an American animator, executive producer, animation director, storyboard artist, voice actor, occasional singer, writer, and actor. He is the creator of the animated series The Fairly OddParents, Danny Phantom and T.U.F.F. Puppy. He heads the production company Billionfold, Inc., which produces the three aforementioned programs.
/m/0gzh	Abraham Lincoln was the 16th President of the United States, serving from March 1861 until his assassination in April 1865. Lincoln led the United States through its Civil War—its bloodiest war and its greatest moral, constitutional and political crisis. In so doing he preserved the Union, abolished slavery, strengthened the national government and modernized the economy.\nReared in a poor family on the western frontier, Lincoln was a self-educated lawyer in Illinois, a Whig Party leader, state legislator during the 1830s, and a one-term member of the Congress during the 1840s. He promoted rapid modernization of the economy through banks, canals, railroads and tariffs to encourage the building of factories; he opposed the war with Mexico in 1846. After a series of highly publicized debates in 1858 during which he opposed the expansion of slavery, Lincoln lost the U.S. Senate race to his archrival, Democrat Stephen A. Douglas. Lincoln, a moderate from a swing state, secured the Republican Party presidential nomination in 1860. With almost no support in the South, Lincoln swept the North and was elected president in 1860. His election prompted seven southern slave states to form the Confederacy. No compromise or reconciliation was found regarding slavery.
/m/018p5f	Clear Channel Communications is a theater company.
/m/03gdf1	The Scottish Church College is the oldest continuously running Christian liberal arts and sciences college in India. It is affiliated with the West Bengal Board of Secondary Education, the West Bengal Council of Higher Secondary Education for the secondary school examinations, and with the University of Calcutta for degree courses for graduates and postgraduates.\nA selective co-educational institution, it is known for its academic standards, and its intellectual milieu. Students and alumni call themselves \"Caledonians\" in the name of the college festival, \"Caledonia\".
/m/03nbbv	William Timothy Mantlo is an American comic-book writer, primarily at Marvel Comics, best known for his work on two licensed toy properties whose adventures occurred in the Marvel Universe: the Eagle Award-winning Micronauts and the long-running Rom. An attorney who worked as a public defender, Mantlo was the victim of a hit-and-run accident in 1992 and has been in institutional care ever since.
/m/04ggbrk	Me-TV is an American broadcast television network that is owned by Weigel Broadcasting and distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. The network, identified as 'The Definitive Destination for Classic TV', mainly airs classic television sitcoms and drama series from the 1950s through the 1980s. Through its ownership by Weigel, the national Me-TV network is a sister network to Movies!, which focuses on films from the 1930s to the 2000s.\nThe national network primarily airs series from the CBS Television Distribution and 20th Television libraries, and several shows from other libraries. Me-TV is designed to be broadcast on the digital subchannels of local stations; though some stations carry Me-TV as their primary channel affiliation, and a small number of stations air select programs from the network alongside their regular general entertainment schedules. Along with This TV, it is also available nationwide on free-to-air C-band satellite via SES-1 in DVB-S format.
/m/01qckn	Konami Corporation TYO: 9766 NYSE: KNM is a Japanese developer and publisher of numerous toys, trading cards, anime, tokusatsu, slot machines, arcade cabinets, video games, and additionally operates health and physical fitness clubs in Japan.\nKonami is famous for popular video game series such as Castlevania, Contra, Dance Dance Revolution, Gradius, Frogger, Suikoden, Ganbare Goemon, Metal Gear, Pro Evolution Soccer, Silent Hill and Yu-Gi-Oh!. The 2012 purchase and absorption of Hudson Soft resulted in the addition of several other popular franchises, including Adventure Island, Bloody Roar, Bomberman, Far East of Eden and Star Soldier. Konami is the fifth-largest gaming company in the world by revenue.\nThe company was founded in 1969 as a jukebox rental and repair business in Toyonaka, Osaka, Japan, by Kagemasa Kōzuki, who remains the company's chairman. The name \"Konami\" is a conjunction of the names Kagemasa Kozuki, Yoshinobu Nakama, and Tatsuo Miyasako.\nKonami is currently headquartered in Tokyo. In the United States Konami manages its video game business from offices in El Segundo, California and manages its casino gaming business from offices in Paradise, Nevada. Its Australian gaming operations are located in Sydney, Australia.
/m/03pvt	Hugh Marston Hefner is an American magazine publisher, as well as the founder and chief creative officer of Playboy Enterprises.
/m/04k8n	Lipids are a group of naturally occurring molecules that include fats, waxes, sterols, fat-soluble vitamins, monoglycerides, diglycerides, triglycerides, phospholipids, and others. The main biological functions of lipids include storing energy, signaling, and acting as structural components of cell membranes. Lipids have applications in the cosmetic and food industries as well as in nanotechnology.\nLipids may be broadly defined as hydrophobic or amphiphilic small molecules; the amphiphilic nature of some lipids allows them to form structures such as vesicles, liposomes, or membranes in an aqueous environment. Biological lipids originate entirely or in part from two distinct types of biochemical subunits or \"building-blocks\": ketoacyl and isoprene groups. Using this approach, lipids may be divided into eight categories: fatty acids, glycerolipids, glycerophospholipids, sphingolipids, saccharolipids, and polyketides; and sterol lipids and prenol lipids.\nAlthough the term lipid is sometimes used as a synonym for fats, fats are a subgroup of lipids called triglycerides. Lipids also encompass molecules such as fatty acids and their derivatives, as well as other sterol-containing metabolites such as cholesterol. Although humans and other mammals use various biosynthetic pathways to both break down and synthesize lipids, some essential lipids cannot be made this way and must be obtained from the diet.
/m/025rxky	An astrologer practices one or more forms of astrology. Typically an astrologer draws a horoscope for the time of an event, such as a person's birth, and interprets celestial points and their placements at the time of the event to better understand someone, determine the auspiciousness of an undertaking's beginning, etc. However, the methods employed by astrologers are variable and depend on the particular astrological tradition they employ and the information desired.\nIn the far past, the role often entailed astronomical observation or manual calculation of celestial phenomena. In more modern times, however, these methods have largely been replaced by pre-calculated ephemerides and astrological software.\nHistorically the term mathematicus was used to denote a person proficient in astrology, astronomy, and mathematics.\nNo accredited universities in the United States or the United Kingdom offer degrees in astrology though a number of Indian schools do. While there are a number of astrological associations throughout the world, there is no central governing body that has special license to certify astrologers.
/m/01xg_w	Meagan Monique Good is an American film and television actress and occasional film producer. Beginning her career at the age of four, Good has appeared in numerous commercials, television shows, feature films, and music videos.\nIn 2011, Good featured in an ensemble cast of the highly successful film version of Think Like a Man. She played Joanna Locasto, the lead character on the NBC drama series Deception.
/m/0gz_	Aristotle was a Greek philosopher born in Stagirus, northern Greece, in 384 BCE. His father, Nicomachus, died when Aristotle was a child, whereafter he lived under a guardian's care. At eighteen, he joined Plato’s Academy in Athens and remained there until the age of thirty-seven. His writings cover many subjects – including physics, biology, zoology, metaphysics, logic, ethics, aesthetics, poetry, theater, music, rhetoric, linguistics, politics and government – and constitute the first comprehensive system of Western philosophy. Shortly after Plato died, Aristotle left Athens and, at the request of Philip of Macedonia, tutored Alexander the Great between 356 and 323 BCE. According to the Encyclopædia Britannica, “Aristotle was the first genuine scientist in history. ... Every scientist is in his debt.”\nTeaching Alexander the Great gave Aristotle many opportunities and an abundance of supplies. He established a library in the Lyceum which aided in the production of many of his hundreds of books. The fact that Aristotle was a pupil of Plato contributed to his former views of Platonism, but, following Plato’s death, Aristotle immersed himself in empirical studies and shifted from Platonism to empiricism. He believed all peoples' concepts and all of their knowledge was ultimately based on perception. Aristotle’s views on natural sciences represent the groundwork underlying many of his works.
/m/0177sq	Virginia Commonwealth University is a public research university located in Richmond, Virginia. VCU was founded in 1838 as the medical department of Hampden–Sydney College, becoming the Medical College of Virginia in 1854. In 1968, the Virginia General Assembly merged MCV with the Richmond Professional Institute, founded in 1917, to create Virginia Commonwealth University. Today, more than 31,000 students pursue 222 degree and certificate programs through VCU's 13 schools and one college. The VCU Health System supports the university's health care education, research and patient care mission.\nWith a record $256 million in sponsored research funding in the fiscal year 2011, VCU is designated as a research university with very high research activity by the Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education. A broad array of university-approved centers and institutes of excellence, involving faculty from multiple disciplines in public policy, biotechnology and health care discoveries, supports the university's research mission. Twenty-eight graduate and first-professional programs are ranked by U.S. News and World Report as among the best in the country.\nVCU's athletic teams compete in Division I of the NCAA and are collectively known as the VCU Rams. They are members of the Atlantic 10 Conference. The VCU campus includes historic buildings such as the Ginter House, now used by the school's provost.
/m/0301dp	The Slade School of Fine Art is a world-renowned art school in London, United Kingdom, and a department of University College London. It consistently ranks as the UK's top Art and Design educational institution.
/m/01f99l	Bath Iron Works is a major American shipyard located on the Kennebec River in Bath, Maine, United States. Since its founding in 1884, BIW has built private, commercial and military vessels, most of which have been ordered by the United States Navy. The shipyard has built and sometimes designed battleships, frigates, cruisers and destroyers, including the Arleigh Burke class, which are currently among the world's most advanced surface warships.\nSince 1995, Bath Iron Works has been a subsidiary of General Dynamics, the fifth-largest defense contractor in the world. During World War II, ships built at BIW were considered by sailors and Navy officials to be of superior toughness, giving rise to the phrase \"Bath-built is best-built.\"
/m/0gtsx8c	American Reunion is a 2012 ensemble comedy film written and directed by Jon Hurwitz and Hayden Schlossberg. It is the fourth installment in the American Pie theatrical series and eighth installment in the American Pie franchise overall.
/m/025y9fn	David Nutter is an American television and film director and television producer. He is best known for directing pilot episodes for television.
/m/02l4rh	Kristin A. Scott Thomas, OBE is an English-French actress. She gained international fame in the 1990s for her roles in Bitter Moon, Four Weddings and a Funeral, and The English Patient.\nSince the 1980s, she has also worked in French cinema in films such as the thriller Tell No One and Philippe Claudel's I've Loved You So Long. She has lived in France since she was 19, has brought up her three children in Paris, and says she considers herself more French than British. She was made a Chevalier of the Légion d'honneur in 2005.
/m/01f08r	Dubai is an emirate in the United Arab Emirates federation. The main city of the emirate is also called Dubai. The emirate is located on the southeast coast of the Persian Gulf and is one of the seven emirates that make up the country. It has the largest population in the UAE and the second-largest land territory after the capital, Abu Dhabi. Abu Dhabi and Dubai are the only two emirates to have veto power over critical matters of national importance in the country's legislature. The city of Dubai is located on the emirate's northern coastline and heads up the Dubai-Sharjah-Ajman metropolitan area\nThe earliest mention of Dubai is in 1095 AD, and the earliest recorded settlement in the region dates from 1799. Dubai was formally established on the 9th June 1833 by Sheikh Maktoum bin Butti Al-Maktoum when he persuaded around 800 members of his tribe of the Bani Yas, living in what was then the Second Saudi State to follow him to the Dubai Creek by the Abu Falasa clan of the Bani Yas. It remained under the tribe's control when the United Kingdom agreed to protect the Sheikhdom in 1892 and joined the nascent United Arab Emirates upon independence in 1971 as the country's second emirate. Its strategic geographic location made the town an important trading hub and by the beginning of the 20th century, Dubai was already an important regional port.
/m/02s6tk	Hednesford Town Football Club is an association football team based in Hednesford, Staffordshire, England. They play at Keys Park. The club plays in the Conference North.
/m/092kgw	Steve Golin is a film producer and businessperson.
/m/0fw9vx	Olympiacos Piraeus B.C., also known simply as Olympiacos, is a Greek professional basketball club, part of the major multi-sport club Olympiacos CFP, based in Piraeus. The basketball club, founded in 1931, is one of the most successful in both Greece and Europe, a traditional powerhouse of the Euroleague and the current European and Intercontinental champions. They have won three Euroleague Championships, one Triple Crown, one Intercontinental Cup, ten Greek League titles and nine Greek Cups. They play their home matches at Peace and Friendship Stadium.\nThe first major achievement of Olympiacos in European competitions was their presence in the European Champions Cup semifinal group stage in 1979, but it was in the 1990s that Olympiacos made their biggest mark. They reached the Euroleague Final in two consecutive seasons, 1994 and 1995, being the first Greek club that ever played in a Euroleague Final, and they won their first Euroleague title in 1997, achieving the first Triple Crown for a Greek team. As European champions, Olympiacos played in the 1997 McDonald's Championship and reached the final of the tournament, where they met Michael Jordan's NBA champions, the Chicago Bulls.
/m/09j028	Alexander \"Alex\" Manninger is an Austrian professional football goalkeeper for FC Augsburg. He played internationally for Austria on 33 occasions, including at Euro 2008, and has represented top division sides in Italy, Germany, Austria and England.
/m/019k6n	Athens-Clarke County is a consolidated city–county in the U.S. state of Georgia, in the northeastern part of the state, comprising the former City of Athens proper and Clarke County. The University of Georgia is located in this college town and is responsible for the initial growth of the city. In 1991, after a vote the preceding year, the original city abandoned its charter in order to form a unified government with Clarke County, referred to collectively as Athens-Clarke County. As of the 2010 census, the consolidated city-county had a total population of 115,452; all of Clarke County had a population of 116,714. Athens-Clarke County is the sixth-largest city in Georgia and the principal city of the Athens-Clarke County, Georgia Metropolitan Statistical Area, which had a population of 192,541 as of the 2010 census.
/m/0dr3sl	Shrek is a 2001 American computer-animated fantasy-comedy film produced by PDI/DreamWorks, released by DreamWorks Pictures, directed by Andrew Adamson and Vicky Jenson, featuring the voices of Mike Myers, Eddie Murphy, Cameron Diaz, and John Lithgow. It is loosely based on William Steig's 1990 fairy tale picture book Shrek!, and somewhat serves as a parody film, targeting other films adapted from numerous children's fantasies. The film made notable use of popular music; the soundtrack includes music by Smash Mouth, Eels, Joan Jett, The Proclaimers, Jason Wade, Baha Men, and John Cale.\nThe rights to the books were originally bought by Steven Spielberg in 1991, before the founding of DreamWorks, when he thought about making a traditionally animated film based on the book. However, John H. Williams convinced him to bring the film to DreamWorks in 1994, the time the studio was founded, and the film was put quickly into active development by Jeffrey Katzenberg after the rights were bought by the studio in 1995. Shrek originally cast Chris Farley to do the voice for the title character, recording about 80%–90% of his dialog. After Farley died in 1997 before he could finish, Mike Myers was brought in to work for the character, who after his first recording decided to record his voice in a Scottish accent. The film was also originally planned to be motion-captured, but after poor results, the studio decided to get PDI to help Shrek get its final computer-animated look.
/m/09r3f	The French and Indian War is the American name for the North American theater of the Seven Years' War. The same war is referred to in Canadian history as the War of the Conquest. The war was fought primarily between the colonies of British America and New France, with both sides supported by military units from their parent countries of Great Britain and France, who declared war on each other in 1756. In the same year, the war escalated from a regional affair into a world-wide conflict.\nThe name refers to the two main enemies of the British colonists: the royal French forces and the various indigenous forces allied with them. British and European historians use the term the Seven Years' War, as do many Canadians. Canadian people descend from British and French settlers as well as indigenous aboriginal peoples. French Canadians call it La guerre de la Conquête.\nThe war was fought primarily along the frontiers separating New France from the British colonies from Virginia to Nova Scotia. The French were greatly outnumbered, so they made heavy use of Indian allies. It began with a dispute over control of the confluence of the Allegheny and Monongahela rivers, called the Forks of the Ohio, and the site of the French Fort Duquesne and present-day Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The dispute erupted into violence in the Battle of Jumonville Glen in May 1754, during which Virginia militiamen under the command of 22-year-old George Washington ambushed a French patrol. British operations in 1755, 1756 and 1757 in the frontier areas of Pennsylvania and New York all failed, due to a combination of poor management, internal divisions, and effective Canadian, French and Indian offense. The 1755 British capture of Fort Beauséjour on the border separating Nova Scotia from Acadia was followed by the expulsion of the Acadians. Orders for the deportation were given by William Shirley, Commander-in-Chief, North America, without consent from Great Britain. The Acadians, both those captured in arms and those who had sworn the oath to His Britannic Majesty, were expelled. Native Americans were likewise driven off their land to make way for New England settlers.
/m/02825nf	Critically acclaimed director David Gordon Green takes a break from the brooding drama that defined such early efforts as George Washington and Undertow for this action-flavored buddy comedy concerning two pot-smoking friends (Seth Rogen and James Franco) who unwittingly become involved with a vicious gang of drug dealers. Judd Apatow and Shauna Robertson produce a script co-penned by star Rogen and Evan Goldberg.
/m/03j2ts	The Gold Medal is the highest award of the Royal Astronomical Society. The medal features an image of the 40-foot telescope that was constructed by German-born astronomer Sir William Herschel.
/m/01bh6y	Jean Merilyn Simmons, OBE was a British actress. One of J. Arthur Rank's 'well-spoken young starlets,' she appeared predominantly in films, beginning with those made in Great Britain during and after the Second World War, followed mainly by Hollywood films from 1950 onwards.
/m/08s0m7	Suhasini Rajaram Naidu, popularly known by her stage name Sneha, is an Indian film actress, who works in the South Indian film industry. She debuted in the Malayalam film Ingane Oru Nilapakshi, directed by Anil and had her first commercial success with Aanandham. She became one of Tamil cinema's contemporary lead actresses in the 2000s, following appearances in several commercially successful films.\nShe has won a Filmfare Best Supporting Actress Award for her performance in Unnai Ninaithu and also received the Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Actress twice, in 2001 for her performances in the films Virumbugiren, Aanandham, Punnagai Desam and later for Pirivom Santhippom. She has also won Nandi Special Jury Award-Telugu for her performance in the movie, Radha Gopalam.
/m/01_x6d	Matthew Richard \"Matt\" Stone is an American actor, animator, screenwriter, television director, producer, comedian, and recording artist. He is best known for being the co-creator of South Park along with his creative partner and best friend Trey Parker, as well as co-writing the 2011 multi-Tony Award winning musical The Book of Mormon.\nStone and Parker launched their largely collaborative careers in 1989 when they met at the University of Colorado. In 1992 they made a holiday short titled Jesus vs. Frosty which would eventually become South Park. Their first success came from Alferd Packer: The Musical, subsequently distributed as Cannibal! The Musical. From there he made another short title Jesus vs. Santa, leading him and college friend Parker to create South Park, which has been airing for over fifteen years. He has four Emmy Awards for his role in South Park, winning for both \"Outstanding Programming More Than One Hour\" and \"Outstanding Programming Less Than One Hour\".
/m/027qq9b	The Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Drama Series is an award presented annually by the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences and Academy of Television Arts & Sciences. It was first awarded at the 24th Primetime Emmy Awards ceremony, held in 1972 when the award was originally called Outstanding Achievement in a Daytime Drama for two years. The first daytime-themed Emmy Awards were presented in 1974, where this award was renamed Outstanding Drama Series and given in honor of a daytime drama. The awards ceremony was not televised in 1983 and 1984, having been criticized for lack of integrity. The Emmy was named after an \"Immy,\" an affectionate term used to refer to the image orthicon camera tube. The statuette was designed by Louis McManus, who modeled the award after his wife, Dorothy. The Emmy statuette is fifteen inches tall from base to tip. The statuette weighs 5 pounds and is composed of iron, pewter, zinc and gold.\nThe award was first presented to The Doctors, who first aired in 1963. General Hospital holds the record for the most awards, winning on eleven occasions. In 2007, Guiding Light and The Young and the Restless tied, which was the first tie in this category. The Young and the Restless has also received the most nominations, with a total of thirthy–three. ABC has been the network the most successful, with a total of twenty-one wins. In 2013, Days of our Lives became the most recent recipient of the award.
/m/025n07	xXx, pronounced \"Triple X\", is a 2002 American action film directed by Rob Cohen and starring Vin Diesel as Xander Cage, a thrill seeking extreme sports enthusiast, stuntman and rebellious extreme sport athlete-turned-reluctant spy for the National Security Agency who is sent on a dangerous mission to infiltrate a group of potential Russian terrorists in Central Europe. xXx also stars Asia Argento, Samuel L. Jackson, and Marton Csokas.\nThe film received mixed reviews but was a financial success for the studios, grossing US$277,448,382 worldwide. It was followed by a 2005 sequel entitled xXx: State of the Union.
/m/074j87	Impact Wrestling is a professional wrestling television program for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling. As of 2005, it airs weekly on Spike in the United States and Canada. Since it's inception Impact Wrestling has primarily been filmed at the Impact Wrestling Zone in Orlando, Florida.\nImpact Wrestling originally debuted in the United States on Fox Sports Net on June 4, 2004, but after TNA's contract was not renegotiated in May 2005, the show was left without a television network to broadcast on. The show began broadcasting episodes via syndication in limited markets on Urban America Television and on the internet between June 24 and September 16, 2005 before securing a deal with Spike TV, with the first show airing on 1 October 2005. The show first began airing episodes on Saturday nights, however in April 2006 the show was moved to Thursday nights. Impact Wrestling briefly moved to Monday nights in 2010 but moved back to Thursdays later that year.
/m/0fdpd	Schenectady is a city in Schenectady County, New York, United States, of which it is the county seat. As of the 2010 census, the city had a population of 66,135. The name \"Schenectady\" is derived loosely from a Mohawk word for \"on that side of the pinery,\" or \"near the pines,\" or \"place beyond the pine plains.\"\nIt is in eastern New York, near the confluence of the Mohawk and Hudson Rivers. It is in the same metropolitan area as the state capital, Albany, about 19 miles south-east.
/m/0283xx2	BBC Films is the feature film-making arm of the BBC. It has produced or co-produced some of the most successful British films of recent years, including Alan Partridge: Alpha Papa, Quartet, Salmon Fishing in the Yemen, My Week with Marilyn, Jane Eyre, In the Loop, An Education, StreetDance 3D, Fish Tank, Nativity!, Iris, Notes on a Scandal and Billy Elliot.\nBBC Films co-produces around eight films a year, working in partnership with major international and UK distributors. Christine Langan is Head of BBC Films, responsible for the development and production slate, strategy and business operations.\nUntil 2007, BBC Films was based in Mortimer Street, near Broadcasting House in London, while still under the full control of the BBC. A re-structuring of the division integrated it into the main BBC Fiction department of BBC Vision. As a result, it moved out of its independent offices into Television Centre, and its head David M. Thompson left to start his own film production company. Since 2013, it has relocated into Broadcasting House, where BBC Vision became simply 'Television'.
/m/0b_756	The 2004 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament involved 65 schools playing in single-elimination play to determine the national champion of men's NCAA Division I college basketball. It began on March 16, 2004, and ended with the championship game on April 5 at the Alamodome in San Antonio, Texas. A total of 64 games were played.\nThis was the first year in which the regional sites were referred to by the cities in which the games were held in instead of the \"East\", \"Midwest\", \"South\", and \"West\" designations. It was also the first year that the matchups for the national semifinals were determined at least in part by the overall seeding of the top team in each regional. The top four teams in the tournament were Kentucky, Duke, Stanford, and Saint Joseph's. Had all of those teams advanced to the Final Four, Kentucky would have played Saint Joseph's and Duke would have played Stanford in the semifinal games.\nOf those teams, only Duke advanced to the Final Four. They were joined by Connecticut, making their first appearance since defeating Duke for the national championship in 1999, Oklahoma State, making their first appearance since 1995, and Georgia Tech, making their first appearance since 1990.
/m/0c7lcx	Kevin Fitzgerald Corrigan is an American actor best known for his portrayal of \"Uncle Eddie\" on the sitcom Grounded For Life. He has appeared mostly in independent films and television since the 1990s. He played the role of best-friend Sal, against Patton Oswalt in the critically praised independent film, Big Fan, written and directed by Robert D. Siegel.
/m/0ytc	Associazione Sportiva Roma, commonly referred to as simply Roma, is a professional Italian football club based in Rome. Founded by a merger arranged by the Fascist regime in 1927, Roma have participated in the top-tier of Italian football for all of their existence except for 1951–52. For their 62nd season in a row, Roma are competing in Serie A for the 2013–14 season.\nRoma have won Serie A three times, first in 1941–42 then in 1982–83 and again in 2000–01, as well as winning nine Coppa Italia titles and two Supercoppa Italiana titles. On the European stage Roma won an Inter-Cities Fairs Cup in 1960–61, coming close to European Cup victory in 1983–84, and finishing as runners-up in the UEFA Cup for 1990–91.\nHome games are currently played at the Stadio Olimpico, a venue they share with city rivals Lazio. With a capacity of over 72,000, it is the second largest of its kind in Italy, with only the San Siro able to seat more. In September 2009 the club unveiled plans to build a new 55,000-capacity stadium in the western suburbs of Rome. Its design was modeled after English football stadiums with the objective being to give fans a closer view of the pitch. In September 2011, it was announced that the new president, Thomas R. DiBenedetto, had reached an agreement with the mayor of Rome, Gianni Alemanno, to have the new stadium completed by 2016. Like the previous plan by Sensi, this new stadium is to be modeled after English stadiums.
/m/02yygk	Randall Darius \"Randy\" Jackson is an American bassist, former television music competition judge, singer, record producer, entrepreneur and television personality. He is best known from his former work as a judge on American Idol and executive producer for MTV's America's Best Dance Crew. Jackson is currently a mentor on American Idol and has won a Grammy Award as a producer.
/m/048yqf	Elektra is a 2005 superhero film directed by Rob Bowman. It is a spin-off from the 2003 film Daredevil, starring the Marvel comics character Elektra Natchios. The story follows Elektra, an assassin whose weapon of choice is a pair of sai.\nFor the screenplay, Zak Penn, Stuart Zicherman and Raven Metzner received \"written by\" credit. Mark Steven Johnson received credit for \"motion picture characters\" and Frank Miller for \"comic book characters.\" Filming started around May 2004 in Vancouver. It was the first superhero film released in 2005, followed by Batman Begins, Fantastic Four, and Sky High.
/m/05c26ss	Madagascar 3: Europe's Most Wanted is a 2012 American 3D computer-animated comedy film, produced by DreamWorks Animation and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is the third installment of the Madagascar series, and it is the first in the series to be released in 3D. The film is directed by Eric Darnell, Tom McGrath and Conrad Vernon. Its world premiere was at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival on May 18, 2012.\nAlex, Marty, Melman, and Gloria are still struggling to get home to New York. This time, their journey takes them to Europe where they are relentlessly pursued by the murderous Monaco-based French Animal Control officer Captain Chantel Dubois. As a means of getting passage to North America, the zoo animals purchase a failing traveling circus as they become close friends, including Gia, Vitaly, and Stefano. Together, they spectacularly revitalize the business and along the way find themselves reconsidering where their true home really is.\nThe film was released on June 8, 2012, to critical and commercial success; it is the best-reviewed film in the series, with a 79% \"Certified Fresh\" approval rating on the review aggregate site Rotten Tomatoes. It is also the highest-grossing Madagascar film with a worldwide gross of over $746 million.
/m/04344j	Centre College is a private liberal arts college located in Danville, Kentucky, United States, a community of approximately 16,000 in Boyle County south of Lexington, Kentucky. Centre is an undergraduate four-year institution with an enrollment of approximately 1,375 students. Centre was founded by Presbyterian leaders, with whom it maintains a loose affiliation, and officially chartered by the Kentucky General Assembly in 1819. The College is a member of the Associated Colleges of the South.
/m/0177s6	Harold Clayton Lloyd, Sr. was an American film actor and producer, most famous for his silent comedies.\nHarold Lloyd ranks alongside Charlie Chaplin and Buster Keaton as one of the most popular and influential film comedians of the silent film era. Lloyd made nearly 200 comedy films, both silent and \"talkies\", between 1914 and 1947. He is best known for his \"Glass\" character, a resourceful, success-seeking go-getter who was perfectly in tune with 1920s era United States.\nHis films frequently contained \"thrill sequences\" of extended chase scenes and daredevil physical feats, for which he is best remembered today. Lloyd hanging from the hands of a clock high above the street in Safety Last! is one of the most enduring images in all of cinema. Lloyd did many of these dangerous stunts himself, despite having injured himself in August 1919 while doing publicity pictures for the Roach studio. An accident with a bomb mistaken as a prop resulted in the loss of the thumb and index finger of his right hand.\nAlthough Lloyd's individual films were not as commercially successful as Charlie Chaplin's on average, he was far more prolific, and made more money overall.
/m/05fkf	North Carolina is a state in Southeastern United States. The state borders South Carolina and Georgia to the south, Tennessee to the west, Virginia to the north, and the Atlantic Ocean to the east. North Carolina is the 28th most extensive and the 10th most populous of the 50 United States. North Carolina is known as the Tar Heel State and the Old North State.\nNorth Carolina is composed of 100 counties. North Carolina's two largest metropolitan areas are among the top ten fastest growing in the country: its capital, Raleigh, and its largest city, Charlotte. In the past five decades, North Carolina's economy has undergone a transition from heavy reliance upon tobacco, textiles, and furniture making to a more diversified economy with engineering, energy, biotechnology, and finance sectors.\nNorth Carolina has a wide range of elevations, from sea level on the coast to 6,684 feet at Mount Mitchell, the highest point in the Eastern US. The climate of the coastal plains is strongly influenced by the Atlantic Ocean. Most of the state falls in the humid subtropical climate zone. More than 300 miles from the coast, the western, mountainous part of the state has a subtropical highland climate.
/m/06q8qh	A Prairie Home Companion is a 2006 ensemble comedy directed by Robert Altman. It was Altman's final film; he died in November 2006. The movie is a fictional representation of behind-the-scenes activities at the long-running public radio show of the same name.
/m/01fcmh	Viking Fotballklubb is a Norwegian football club from the city of Stavanger. The club was founded in 1899. It is one of the most successful clubs in Norwegian football, having won 8 Norwegian Premier League titles, most recently in 1991, and 5 domestic Norwegian Cup titles, most recently in 2001. The club has played and won more top-flight league games than any other club, and it has played in the top division since the league was established, except for the years 1966–67 and 1987–88. Notable European successes include knocking English side Chelsea out of the UEFA Cup during the 2002–03 season, knocking out Sporting CP from the same tournament in 1999–2000, and qualifying for the group stages of the 2005–06 UEFA Cup.
/m/0pc_l	Dallas is a long-running American prime time television soap opera that aired from April 2, 1978 to May 3, 1991 on CBS. The series revolves around a wealthy and feuding Texan family, the Ewings, who own the independent oil company Ewing Oil and the cattle-ranching land of Southfork. The series originally focused on the marriage of Bobby Ewing and Pamela Barnes, whose families were sworn enemies with each other. As the series progressed, oil tycoon J.R. Ewing grew to be the show's main character, whose schemes and dirty business became the show's trademark. When the show ended in 1991, J.R. was the only character to have appeared in every episode.\nThe show was famous for its cliffhangers, including the Who shot J.R.? mystery. The 1980 episode Who Done It remains the second highest rated prime-time telecast ever. The show also featured a \"Dream Season\", in which the entirety of the ninth season was revealed to have been a dream of Pam Ewing's. After 14 seasons, the series finale \"Conundrum\" aired in 1991.\nThe show had a relatively ensemble cast. Larry Hagman stars as greedy, scheming oil tycoon J.R. Ewing, stage/screen actress Barbara Bel Geddes as family matriarch Miss Ellie and movie Western actor Jim Davis as Ewing patriarch Jock, his last role before his death in 1981. The series won four Emmy Awards, including a 1980 Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series win for Bel Geddes.
/m/01lz4tf	David Michael \"Dave\" Navarro is an American guitarist, singer and songwriter. He is best known as a founding member of the alternative rock band Jane's Addiction, with whom he has recorded four studio albums, and as a former member of the Red Hot Chili Peppers. Navarro has also been a member of the Jane's Addiction spin-off bands, Deconstruction and The Panic Channel, and, in 2001, released a solo album, entitled Trust No One.\nNavarro joined Jane's Addiction in 1986, at the suggestion of his childhood friend Stephen Perkins, who had recently joined the band. Over the next five years, Jane's Addiction released three critically acclaimed albums, Jane's Addiction, Nothing's Shocking and Ritual de lo Habitual, before splitting acrimoniously, in 1991, during the first Lollapalooza festival and at the height of their popularity.\nFollowing the band's break-up, Navarro continued working with bassist Eric Avery in the band Deconstruction, alongside drummer Michael Murphey. The band released one studio album before splitting, with Navarro joining the Red Hot Chili Peppers, in 1993, as the permanent replacement for departed guitarist John Frusciante. Navarro recorded one studio album with the band, One Hot Minute, before his dismissal in 1998 due to creative differences.
/m/0372j5	Dumb and Dumber is a 1994 American road-buddy comedy film starring Jim Carrey and Jeff Daniels. It was written and directed by the Farrelly brothers, and is their directorial debut. The film tells the story of Lloyd Christmas and Harry Dunne, two good-natured but dimwitted friends from Providence, Rhode Island who set out on a cross-country trip to Aspen, Colorado to return a briefcase full of money to its owner, only to be pursued by a group of criminals who are after the briefcase.\nThe film was released on December 16, 1994. Dumb and Dumber received generally positive reviews from critics and was a commercial success. The film developed a cult following in the years since its release. The success of Dumb and Dumber launched the career of the Farrelly brothers and solidified Carrey's. The film also spawned an animated TV series and a 2003 prequel. A sequel, entitled Dumb and Dumber To, is slated for a November 2014 release.
/m/082gq	War films are a film genre concerned with warfare, usually about naval, air or land battles, sometimes focusing instead on prisoners of war, covert operations, military training or other related subjects. At times war films focus on daily military or civilian life in wartime without depicting battles. Their stories may be fiction, based on history, docudrama, biographical, or even alternate history fiction. Themes explored in war films include combat, survivor and escape stories, tales of sacrifice, studies of the futility and inhumanity of battle, the effects of war on society, and explorations of the moral and human issues raised by war.\nThe term anti-war film is sometimes used to describe films which bring to the viewer the pain and horror of war, often from a political or ideological perspective, in order to express opposition to a specific war or to the concept of war in general.
/m/0k1bs	Jerome John \"Jerry\" Garcia was an American musician who was best known for his lead guitar work, singing and songwriting with the band the Grateful Dead. Though he disavowed the role, Garcia was viewed by many as the leader or \"spokesman\" of the group.\nOne of its founders, Garcia performed with the Grateful Dead for their entire thirty-year career. Garcia also founded and participated in a variety of side projects, including the Saunders-Garcia Band, Jerry Garcia Band, Old and in the Way, the Garcia/Grisman acoustic duo, Legion of Mary, and the New Riders of the Purple Sage. He also released several solo albums, and contributed to a number of albums by other artists over the years as a session musician. He was well known by many for his distinctive guitar playing and was ranked 13th in Rolling Stone's \"100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time\" cover story.\nLater in life, Garcia was sometimes ill because of his unstable weight, and in 1986 went into a diabetic coma that nearly cost him his life. Although his overall health improved somewhat after that, he also struggled with heroin and cocaine addictions, and was staying in a California drug rehabilitation facility when he died of a heart attack in August 1995.
/m/015p1m	An investment bank is a financial institution that assists individuals, corporations, and governments in raising capital by underwriting or acting as the client's agent in the issuance of securities. An investment bank may also assist companies involved in mergers and acquisitions and provide ancillary services such as market making, trading of derivatives and equity securities, and FICC services.\nUnlike commercial banks and retail banks, investment banks do not take deposits. From 1933 until 1999, the United States maintained a separation between investment banking and commercial banks. Other industrialized countries, including G8 countries, have historically not maintained such a separation. As part of the Dodd-Frank Act 2010, Volcker Rule asserts full institutional separation of investment banking services from commercial banking.\nThere are two main lines of business in investment banking. Trading securities for cash or for other securities, or the promotion of securities is the \"sell side\", while buy side is a term used to refer to advising institutions concerned with buying investment services. Private equity funds, mutual funds, life insurance companies, unit trusts, and hedge funds are the most common types of buy side entities.
/m/012qjw	Vomiting is the involuntary, forceful expulsion of the contents of one's stomach through the mouth and sometimes the nose. Vomiting can be caused by a wide variety of conditions; it may present as a specific response to ailments like gastritis or poisoning, or as a non-specific sequela of disorders ranging from brain tumors and elevated intracranial pressure to overexposure to ionizing radiation. The feeling that one is about to vomit is called nausea, which often precedes, but does not always lead to, vomiting. Antiemetics are sometimes necessary to suppress nausea and vomiting. In severe cases, where dehydration develops, intravenous fluid may be required.\nVomiting is different from regurgitation, although the two terms are often used interchangeably. Regurgitation is the return of undigested food back up the esophagus to the mouth, without the force and displeasure associated with vomiting. The causes of vomiting and regurgitation are generally different.
/m/0g1w5	Lower Hutt is a city in the Wellington Region of the North Island of New Zealand, and one of the four cities that constitute the Wellington metropolitan area.\nIt is New Zealand's tenth most populous city, with a population of 102,900. The city covers an area of 377 km² around the lower half of the Hutt Valley and the eastern shores of Wellington Harbour. It is separated from Wellington proper by the harbour, and from Upper Hutt by the Taitā Gorge.\nLower Hutt City is administered by the Hutt City Council, but neither the New Zealand Geographic Board nor the Local Government Act recognise the name Hutt City. This alternative name has led to confusion, as Upper Hutt is administered by a separate city council, the Upper Hutt City Council, which objects to the name of Hutt City.
/m/03mnn0	Standing in the Shadows of Motown is a 2002 documentary film directed by Paul Justman. It recounts the story of The Funk Brothers, the uncredited and largely unheralded studio musicians who were the hand picked house band by Berry Gordy in 1959. They were the band who recorded and performed on Motowns' recordings from 1959 to 1972. The film was inspired by the 1989 book Standing in the Shadows of Motown: The Life and Music of Legendary Bassist James Jamerson, a bass guitar instruction book by Allan Slutsky, which features the bass lines of James Jamerson.\nThe film covers the Funk Brothers' career via interviews with surviving band members, archival footage and still photos, dramatized re-enactments, and narration by actor Andre Braugher. The film also features new live performances of several Motown hit songs, with the Funk Brothers backing up Gerald Levert, Me'shell Ndegeocello, Joan Osborne, Ben Harper, Bootsy Collins, Chaka Khan, and Montell Jordan.\nThe impetus behind making the film was to bring these influential players out of anonymity. In addition to bassist James Jamerson, The Funk Brothers consisted of the following musicians: Jack Ashford; Bob Babbitt; Joe Hunter; Uriel Jones; Joe Messina; Eddie Willis; \"Pistol\" Allen; \"Papa Zita\" Benjamin; \"Bongo\" Brown; Johnny Griffith; Earl Van Dyke; and Robert White.
/m/05h5nb8	The Golden Bear is the highest prize awarded for the best film at the Berlin International Film Festival. The bear is the heraldic animal of Berlin, featured on both the coat of arms and flag of Berlin.
/m/0sw6y	Tress MacNeille is an American voice actress best known for providing various voices on the animated series The Simpsons, Futurama, Tiny Toon Adventures, Animaniacs, Disney's House of Mouse, Chip 'n Dale Rescue Rangers, and Dave the Barbarian.
/m/03s9v	Sir Isaac Newton PRS MP was an English physicist and mathematician who is widely regarded as one of the most influential scientists of all time and as a key figure in the scientific revolution. His book Philosophiæ Naturalis Principia Mathematica, first published in 1687, laid the foundations for most of classical mechanics. Newton also made seminal contributions to optics and shares credit with Gottfried Leibniz for the invention of the infinitesimal calculus.\nNewton's Principia formulated the laws of motion and universal gravitation that dominated scientists' view of the physical universe for the next three centuries. It also demonstrated that the motion of objects on the Earth and that of celestial bodies could be described by the same principles. By deriving Kepler's laws of planetary motion from his mathematical description of gravity, Newton removed the last doubts about the validity of the heliocentric model of the cosmos.\nNewton built the first practical reflecting telescope and developed a theory of colour based on the observation that a prism decomposes white light into the many colours of the visible spectrum. He also formulated an empirical law of cooling and studied the speed of sound. In addition to his work on the calculus, as a mathematician Newton contributed to the study of power series, generalised the binomial theorem to non-integer exponents, and developed Newton's method for approximating the roots of a function.
/m/09hldj	Football Club Metalist Kharkiv is a Ukrainian and a former Soviet professional football club based in Kharkiv.\nIt competes in the Ukrainian Premier League, the top football league in the country. Founded in 1925, the team worked its way up the rungs of the Soviet football system, eventually being promoted to the Soviet Top League in 1960. After a difficult period which included relegation, Metalist was promoted to the Top League again in 1982, where it remained until the league's dissolution. The club won the Soviet Cup once, and were also runners-up once. They have also won the bronze title of the Ukrainian Premier League six times in a row, starting in the 2006–07 season.\nMetalist's home is the 40,003 capacity multi-use Metalist Stadium. The stadium was originally built in 1926 and was recently reconstructed to its current capacity to host Euro 2012 football matches.
/m/06t61y	Sophie Thompson is an English actress, who trained at The Bristol Old Vic Theatre school.
/m/04h4zx	The Malaysia national football team is the national team of Malaysia and is controlled by the Football Association of Malaysia. The national team was founded in 1963 Merdeka Tournament one month before the establishment of the Malaysian Federation. Malaysia national football team is recognised by FIFA as the successor of the defunct Malaya national football team. The Malaysian team nicknamed Harimau Malaya or Harimau Malaysia, in reference of the Malayan Tiger, while Skuad kebangsaan have been used by Malaysian media since the 70's.\nThe most significant successes of the team has come in the regional AFF Suzuki Cup, which Malaysia won in 2010 for the first time in history. They beat Indonesia 4–2 on aggregate in the final to capture the country's first major international football title.\nMalaysia had many top players, such as the legendary Mokhtar Dahari and Sabah's Hassan Sani and James Wong, which led Malaysia into their golden age during the 1970s until the 1980s. Before Mokhtar, The Malaysian King of Football, Datuk Abdul Ghani Minhat was the most famous and respected footballer in the whole Malaya during the 1950s until the 1960s. Malaysia's 15–1 victory over the Philippines in 1962 is currently the record for the highest win for the national team and the record has never been broken since then. In the current generation, Mohd Safee Mohd Sali and Norshahrul Idlan Talaha are considered by Malaysians as their best striker pair.
/m/058ncz	Jesse Eden Metcalfe is an American actor. Metcalfe is known for his portrayal of John Rowland on Desperate Housewives. Metcalfe has also had notable roles on Passions and John Tucker Must Die and currently stars as Christopher Ewing in the TNT continuation of Dallas, based on the 1978 series of the same name.
/m/05wp1p	Wallace & Gromit: The Curse of the Were-Rabbit is a 2005 British clay-mation animated family comedy film. The film was produced by Aardman Animations in partnership with DreamWorks Animation, and was the last DreamWorks animated film to be distributed by DreamWorks Pictures. It was directed by Nick Park and Steve Box as the second feature-length film by Aardman after Chicken Run.\nThe Curse of the Were-Rabbit is based on the Wallace and Gromit short film series, created by Park. The film follows eccentric inventor Wallace and his silent and intelligent dog, Gromit, as they come to the rescue of the residents of a village which is being plagued by a mutant rabbit before an annual vegetable competition.\nThe film introduces a number of new characters, and features a voice cast including Helena Bonham Carter and Ralph Fiennes. It was a critical and commercial success, and won a number of film awards including the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature, making it the second film from DreamWorks Animation to win, as well as the second non-American animated film to have received this achievement. It is also the first stop-motion film to win the award.
/m/0199wf	The Star Wars Holiday Special is a 1978 American television special set in the Star Wars galaxy. It starred Harrison Ford and the film's main cast while introducing the new character Boba Fett who would appear in later films. It was one of the first official Star Wars spin-offs, and was directed by Steve Binder. The show was broadcast in its entirety only once, in the United States and Canada, on November 17, 1978, on the U.S. television network CBS from 8:00 pm to 10:00 pm, Eastern Standard Time, pre-empting Wonder Woman and The Incredible Hulk; on the Canadian television network CTV from 7:00 pm to 9:00 pm, Eastern Standard Time;. It broadcast in New Zealand on TVNZ and in Australia.\nIn the storyline that ties the special together, Chewbacca and Han Solo visit Kashyyyk, Chewbacca's home world, to celebrate Life Day. Along the way they are pursued by agents of the Galactic Empire, who are searching for members of the Rebel Alliance on the planet. The special introduces three members of Chewbacca's family: his father Itchy, his wife Malla, and his son Lumpy, though these names were later explained to have been nicknames, their full names being Attichitcuk, Mallatobuck, and Lumpawaroo, respectively.
/m/06nrt	Saskatchewan is a prairie province in Canada, which has a total area of 651,900 square kilometres and a land area of 592,534 square kilometres, the remainder being water area. Saskatchewan is bordered on the west by the Province of Alberta, on the north by the Northwest Territories, on the east by Manitoba, and on the south by the U.S. states of Montana and North Dakota. As of December 2013, the population of Saskatchewan was estimated at 1,114,170. Residents primarily live in the southern half of the province. Of the total population, 257,300 live in the province's largest city, Saskatoon, while 210,000 live in the provincial capital, Regina. Other major cities include Prince Albert, Moose Jaw, Yorkton, Swift Current and North Battleford.\nSaskatchewan was first explored by Europeans in 1690 and settled in 1774, having also been inhabited for thousands of years by various indigenous groups. It became a province in 1905, its name derived from the Saskatchewan River. The river was known as kisiskāciwani-sīpiy in the Cree language. The province's economy is based on agriculture, mining, and energy. Saskatchewan's current premier is Brad Wall and its lieutenant-governor is Vaughn Solomon Schofield.
/m/0qf2t	Trainspotting is a 1996 British black comedy/drama film directed by Danny Boyle based on the novel of the same name by Irvine Welsh and starring Ewan McGregor, Ewen Bremner, Jonny Lee Miller, Kevin McKidd, Robert Carlyle, and Kelly Macdonald.\nThe Academy Award nominated screenplay, by John Hodge, follows a group of heroin addicts in a late 1980s economically depressed area of Edinburgh and their passage through life. Beyond drug addiction, other themes in the film are exploration of the urban poverty and squalor in \"culturally rich\" Edinburgh.\nThe film has been ranked 10th by the British Film Institute in its list of Top 100 British films of all time. In 2004 the film was voted the best Scottish film of all time in a general public poll.
/m/0f03_	An urban planner or city planner is a professional who works in the field of urban planning/land use planning for the purpose of optimizing the effectiveness of a community's land use and infrastructure. They formulate plans for the development and management of urban and suburban areas, typically analyzing land use compatibility as well as economic, environmental and social trends. In developing their plan for a community, urban planners must also consider a wide array of issues such as sustainability, air pollution, traffic congestion, crime, land values, legislation and zoning codes.\nThe importance of the urban planner is increasing throughout the 21st century, as we begin to face issues of increased population growth, climate change and unsustainable development. An urban planner could be considered as a green collar profession.\nUrban planners are usually hired by developers, private property owners, private planning firms and local/regional governments to assist in the large-scale planning of communal and commercial developments, as well as public facilities and transportation systems. Urban planners in the public role often assist the public and serve as technical advisors in the myriad web of the community's political environment. Related disciplines include regional, city, environmental, transportation, housing, community and cultural planning.
/m/03hj3b3	On Golden Pond is a 1981 American drama film directed by Mark Rydell. The screenplay by Ernest Thompson was adapted from his 1979 play of the same title. Henry Fonda won the Academy Award for Best Actor in what was his final film role. Co-star Katharine Hepburn also received an Oscar, as did Thompson for his script, and there were a further seven Oscar nominations for the film. The movie co-stars Jane Fonda, Dabney Coleman and Doug McKeon.
/m/0dm5l	Pet Shop Boys are an English electronic pop duo, consisting of Neil Tennant, and Chris Lowe.\nPet Shop Boys have sold more than 50 million records worldwide, and are listed as the most successful duo in UK music history by The Guinness Book of Records. Three-time Brit Award winners and six-time Grammy nominees, since 1985 they have achieved 42 Top 30 singles and 22 Top 10 hits in the UK Singles Chart, including four UK number ones: \"West End Girls\", \"It's a Sin\", \"Always on My Mind\" and \"Heart\". Other hit songs include \"Go West\", \"Opportunities\" and \"What Have I Done to Deserve This?\".\nAt the 2009 Brit Awards, Pet Shop Boys received an award for Outstanding Contribution to Music. The band's eleventh studio album, titled Elysium, was released in September 2012. Their twelfth studio album Electric was released on 12 July 2013 and reached number 3 on the UK Albums Chart in its first week of release—their highest album position since the release of Very in 1993.
/m/0py5b	John Wilden Hughes, Jr. was an American film director, producer, and screenwriter. He directed or scripted some of the most successful films of the 1980s and 1990s, including National Lampoon's Vacation; Ferris Bueller's Day Off; Weird Science; The Breakfast Club; Some Kind of Wonderful; Sixteen Candles; Pretty in Pink; Planes, Trains and Automobiles; Uncle Buck; Home Alone and Home Alone 2: Lost in New York.\nHe is known as the king of teen movies as well as helping launch the careers of actors including Michael Keaton, Molly Ringwald, Anthony Michael Hall, Bill Paxton, Matthew Broderick, Macaulay Culkin, John Candy, and the up-and-coming actors collectively nicknamed the Brat Pack.
/m/057hz	Mary Tyler Moore is an American actress, primarily known for her roles in television sitcoms. Moore is best known for The Mary Tyler Moore Show, in which she starred as Mary Richards, a 30-something single woman who worked as a local news producer in Minneapolis, and for her earlier role as Laura Petrie on The Dick Van Dyke Show. She also appeared in a number of films, most notably 1967's Thoroughly Modern Millie and 1980's Ordinary People, in which she played a role that was very different from the television characters she had portrayed, and for which she was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actress. Moore has also been active in charity work and various political causes, particularly around the issues of animal rights and Diabetes mellitus type 1. Mary Tyler Moore was diagnosed with Type 1 diabetes early in the run of The Mary Tyler Moore Show, and also dealt with alcoholism, which was treated in the 1980s. In May 2011, Moore underwent elective brain surgery to remove a benign meningioma.
/m/0xpp5	New Brunswick is a city in Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States. It is the county seat of Middlesex, and the home of Rutgers University. The city is located on the Northeast Corridor rail line, 27 miles southwest of Manhattan, on the southern bank of the Raritan River. At the 2010 United States Census, the population of New Brunswick was 55,181, reflecting an increase of 6,608 from the 48,573 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn increased by 6,862 from the 41,711 counted in the 1990 Census. Due to the concentration of medical facilities in the area, including Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital and Saint Peter's University Hospital, as well as Rutgers University's Robert Wood Johnson Medical School, New Brunswick is known as \"the Healthcare City\", The corporate headquarters and production facilities of several global pharmaceutical companies are situated in the city, including Johnson & Johnson and Bristol-Myers Squibb.\nNew Brunswick was formed by Royal charter on December 30, 1730, within other townships in Middlesex County and Somerset County and was reformed by Royal charter with the same boundaries on February 12, 1763, at which time it was divided into north and south wards. New Brunswick was incorporated as a city by an Act of the New Jersey Legislature on September 1, 1784.
/m/01xrlm	Cardiff University is a public research university located in Cardiff, Wales, United Kingdom. The University is composed of three colleges: Arts, Humanities and Social Sciences; Biomedical and Life Sciences; and Physical Sciences and Engineering.\nFounded in 1883 as the University College of South Wales and Monmouthshire, it is the second oldest university in Wales. It is a member of the Russell Group of leading British research universities. The university is consistently recognised as providing high quality research-based university education and is ranked 143 of the world's top universities by the QS World University Rankings, as well as achieving the highest student satisfaction rating in the 2013 National Student Survey for universities in Wales.\nThe University has an undergraduate enrolment of 20,611 and a total enrolment of 27,774, making it one of the largest universities in Wales. The Cardiff University Students' Union works to promote the interests of the student body within the University and further afield. The University's sports teams compete in the British Universities and Colleges Sport leagues.\nThe University has produced a number of notable alumni including President of the European Commission Roy Jenkins, Prime Minister of Jordan Faisal al-Fayez and Nobel laureate Martin Evans.
/m/0g2hw4	The OSU Beavers Football team represents Oregon State University in NCAA Division I-A college football. The team first fielded an organized football team in 1893 and is currently a member of the Pacific-12 Conference. The head coach is Mike Riley, with Danny Langsdorf as the offensive coordinator and Mark Banker as the defensive coordinator. Their home games are played at Reser Stadium in Corvallis, Oregon.
/m/01kkfp	Chicago Fire Soccer Club is an American professional association football club based in the Chicago suburb of Bridgeview, Illinois. The team competes in Major League Soccer. The organization is named for the Great Chicago Fire of 1871, and was founded on October 8, 1997; the event's 126th anniversary. In their first league season in 1998, the Fire won the MLS Cup as well as the U.S. Open Cup. They have also won U.S. Open Cups in 2000, 2003, and 2006; in addition to the 2003 MLS Supporters' Shield.\nThe Fire maintain an extensive development system, consisting of the Chicago Fire Premier, the Chicago Fire NPSL team, the Chicago Fire Development Academy, and the Chicago Fire Juniors youth organization. They also operate the Chicago Fire Foundation, the team's community-based charitable division. Toyota Park is the Fire's home stadium. The team's head coach is Frank Yallop.
/m/08x9pc	The Imperial House of Japan, also referred to as the Imperial Family and the Yamato dynasty, comprises those members of the extended family of the reigning Emperor of Japan who undertake official and public duties. Under the present Constitution of Japan, the emperor is the symbol of the state and unity of the people. Other members of the imperial family perform ceremonial and social duties, but have no role in the affairs of government. The duties as an emperor are passed down the line to children and their children's children and so on.\nThe Japanese monarchy is the oldest continuous hereditary monarchy in the world. The imperial house recognizes 125 monarchs beginning with the legendary Emperor Jimmu and continuing up to the current emperor, Akihito; see its family tree. However, there is no historical evidence for the genealogical relationships, and in most cases even the existence, of the first 25 emperors. Nevertheless, it does not lose its greatest longevity because it is no less than 1,500 years since Emperor Keitai, the first emperor whose existence is surely attested, ascended the throne.
/m/0fkrk	The Poaceae are a large and nearly ubiquitous family of monocotyledonous flowering plants. With more than 10,000 domesticated and wild species, the Poaceae represent the fifth-largest plant family, following the Orchidaceae, Asteraceae, Fabaceae, and Rubiaceae. Though commonly called \"grasses\", seagrasses, rushes, and sedges fall outside this family. The rushes and sedges are related to the Poaceae, being members of the order Poales, but the seagrasses are members of order Alismatales.\nGrasslands are estimated to compose 20% of the vegetation cover of the Earth. Poaceae live in many other habitats, including wetlands, forests, and tundra.\nDomestication of poaceous cereal crops such as maize, wheat, rice, barley, and millet lies at the foundation of sedentary living and civilization around the world, and the Poaceae still constitute the most economically important plant family in modern times, providing forage, building materials and fuel, as well as food.
/m/01j95	Babylon 5 is an American space opera television series created by writer and producer J. Michael Straczynski, under the Babylonian Productions label, in association with Straczynski's Synthetic Worlds Ltd. and Warner Bros. Domestic Television. After the successful airing of a backdoor pilot movie, Warner Bros. commissioned the series as part of the second-year schedule of programs provided by its Prime Time Entertainment Network. The pilot episode was broadcast on February 22, 1993 in the US. The first season premiered in the US on January 26, 1994, and ran for the intended five seasons. Describing it as having \"always been conceived as, fundamentally, a five-year story, a novel for television,\" Straczynski wrote 92 of the 110 episodes, and served as executive producer, along with Douglas Netter.\nSet between the years 2258 and 2281, it depicts a future where Earth has sovereign states, and a unifying Earthgov. Colonies within the solar system, and beyond, make up the Earth Alliance, and contact has been made with other spacefaring races. The ensemble cast portray alien ambassadorial staff and humans assigned to the five-mile-long Babylon 5 space station, a centre for trade and diplomacy. Described as \"one of the most complex programs on television,\" the various story arcs drew upon the prophesies, religious zealotry, racial tensions, social pressures, and political rivalries which existed within each of their cultures, to create a contextual framework for the motivations and consequences of the protagonists' actions. With a strong emphasis on character development set against a backdrop of conflicting ideologies on multiple levels, Straczynski wanted \"to take an adult approach to SF, and attempt to do for television SF what Hill Street Blues did for cop shows.\"
/m/05c9zr	Eragon is a 2006 fantasy-adventure film based on the novel of the same name by author Christopher Paolini. The cast includes Edward Speleers in the title role, Jeremy Irons, Garrett Hedlund, Sienna Guillory, Robert Carlyle, John Malkovich, Djimon Hounsou, Alun Armstrong, Joss Stone, and the voice of Rachel Weisz as Saphira the dragon.\nThe film was directed by Stefen Fangmeier, a first-time director, who had previously worked as a visual effects director on Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events and Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World. The screenplay was written by Peter Buchman, who is best known for Jurassic Park III. Principal photography took place at the Mafilm Fót Studios in Hungary, starting on August 1, 2005. Visual effects and animation were by Weta Digital and Industrial Light & Magic.\nEragon was released worldwide between December 13 and December 15, 2006 by 20th Century Fox. It was the 10th worst reviewed film of 2006 on Rotten Tomatoes, and the 31st highest grossing film of 2006 in the US. A DVD and Blu-ray of the film was released March 20, 2007. It has first aired on Disney XD in the United States as a television broadcast on April 6, 2009.
/m/06by7v	A glacial lake is a lake with origins in a melted glacier. They are formed when a glacier erodes the land, and then melts, filling the hole or space that it has created. Near the end of the last glacial period, roughly 10,000 years ago, glaciers began to retreat. A retreating glacier often left behind large deposits of ice in hollows between drumlins or hills. As the ice age ended, these melted to create lakes. This is apparent in the Lake District in Northwestern England where post-glacial sediments are normally between 4 and 6 metres deep. These lakes are often surrounded by drumlins, along with other evidence of the glacier such as moraines, eskers and erosional features such as striations and chatter marks.\nThe scouring action of the glaciers pulverizes minerals in the rock over which the glacier passes. These pulverized minerals become sediment at the bottom of the lake, and some of the rock flour becomes suspended in the water column. These suspended minerals support a large population of algae, making the water appear green.\nThese lakes are clearly visible in aerial photos of landforms in:\nCanada\nU.S.\nRussia\nArgentina\nIceland\nSpain\nNew Zealand\nTibet\nUnited Kingdom\nNorway
/m/0cbv4g	The Devil Wears Prada is a 2006 comedy-drama film, a loose screen adaptation of Lauren Weisberger's 2003 novel of the same name. It stars Anne Hathaway as Andrea Sachs, a college graduate who goes to New York City and gets a job as a co-assistant to powerful fashion magazine editor Miranda Priestly, played by Meryl Streep. Emily Blunt and Stanley Tucci co-star, as co-assistant Emily Charlton, and Art Director Nigel, respectively.\nAdrian Grenier, Simon Baker and Tracie Thoms play key supporting roles. Wendy Finerman produced and David Frankel directed the film, and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. Streep's performance drew critical acclaim and earned her many award nominations, including her record-setting 14th Oscar bid, as well as the Golden Globe for Best Actress in a Comedy or Musical. Blunt also drew favorable reviews and nominations for her performance, as did many of those involved in the film's production.\nThe film was well received by both film critics and the public, becoming a surprise summer box-office hit following its June 30 North American release. The commercial success and critical praise for Streep's performance continued in foreign markets, with the film leading the international box office for most of October. The U.S. DVD release likewise was the top rental during December. It grossed over $300 million, mostly from its international run, and finished in 2006's top 20 both in the U.S. and overseas.
/m/0cbdf1	Sreekar Prasad is a film editor.
/m/0gyvgw	Wigan is a town in Greater Manchester, England. It stands on the River Douglas, 7.9 miles south-west of Bolton, 10 miles north of Warrington and 16 miles west-northwest of Manchester. Wigan is the largest settlement in the Metropolitan Borough of Wigan and is its administrative centre. The town of Wigan had a total population of 81,203 in 2001, whilst the wider borough has a population of 305,600. Historically in the county of Lancashire, Wigan during classical antiquity was in the territory of the Brigantes, an ancient Celtic tribe that ruled much of northern England. The Brigantes were subjugated in the Roman conquest of Britain during the 1st century, and it is asserted that the Roman settlement of Coccium was established where Wigan lies. Wigan is believed to have been incorporated as a borough in 1246 following the issue of a charter by King Henry III of England. At the end of the Middle Ages it was one of four boroughs in Lancashire possessing Royal charters; the others were Lancaster, Liverpool, and Preston.\nDuring the Industrial Revolution Wigan experienced dramatic economic expansion and a rapid rise in the population. Although porcelain manufacture and clock making had been major industries in the town, Wigan subsequently became known as a major mill town and coal mining district. The first coal mine was established at Wigan in 1450 and at its peak there were 1,000 pit shafts within 5 miles of the town centre. Mining was so extensive that one town councillor remarked that \"a coal mine in the backyard was not uncommon in Wigan\". Coal mining ceased during the latter part of the 20th century.
/m/05kyr	The Ottoman Empire, sometimes referred to as the Turkish Empire or simply Turkey, was an empire founded by Oghuz Turks under Osman Bey in north-western Anatolia in 1299. With the conquest of Constantinople by Mehmed II in 1453, the Ottoman state was transformed into a transcontinental hyperpower.\nDuring the 16th and 17th centuries, in particular at the height of its power under the reign of Suleiman the Magnificent, the Ottoman Empire was one of the most powerful states in the world – a multinational, multilingual empire, controlling much of Southeast Europe, Western Asia, the Caucasus, North Africa and the Horn of Africa. At the beginning of the 17th century the empire contained 32 provinces and numerous vassal states, some of which were later absorbed into the empire, while others were granted various types of autonomy during the course of centuries.\nWith Constantinople as its capital and control of vast lands around the Mediterranean basin, the Ottoman Empire was at the centre of interactions between the Eastern and Western worlds for over six centuries. It was dissolved in the aftermath of World War I; the collapse of the empire led to the emergence of the new political regime in Turkey itself, as well as the creation of modern Balkan and Middle Eastern states.
/m/0bt9lr	The domestic dog is a subspecies of the gray wolf, a member of the Canidae family of the mammalian order Carnivora. The term \"domestic dog\" is generally used for both domesticated and feral varieties. The dog was the first domesticated animal and has been the most widely kept working, hunting, and pet animal in human history. The word \"dog\" can also refer to the male of a canine species, as opposed to the word \"bitch\" which refers to the female of the species.\nRecent studies of \"well-preserved remains of a dog-like canid from the Razboinichya Cave\" in the Altai Mountains of southern Siberia concluded that a particular instance of early wolf domestication approximately 33,000 years ago did not result in modern dog lineages, possibly because of climate disruption during the Last Glacial Maximum. The authors postulate that at least several such incipient events have occurred. A study of fossil dogs and wolves in Belgium, Ukraine, and Russia tentatively dates domestication from 14,000 years ago to more than 31,700 years ago. Another recent study has found support for claims of dog domestication between 14,000 and 16,000 years ago, with a range between 9,000 and 34,000 years ago, depending on mutation rate assumptions. Dogs' value to early human hunter-gatherers led to them quickly becoming ubiquitous across world cultures. Dogs perform many roles for people, such as hunting, herding, pulling loads, protection, assisting police and military, companionship, and, more recently, aiding handicapped individuals. This impact on human society has given them the nickname \"man's best friend\" in the Western world. In some cultures, however, dogs are also a source of meat. In 2001, there were estimated to be 400 million dogs in the world.
/m/0bczgm	Michael Herbert Schur is an American television producer and writer, best known for his work on the NBC comedy series The Office and Parks and Recreation, the latter of which he co-created along with Greg Daniels. Schur is also known for his small role on The Office as Mose Schrute, the cousin of Dwight Schrute.
/m/0bl8l	Aston Villa Football Club is an English professional association football club based in Witton, Birmingham. The club was founded in 1874 and has played at their current home ground, Villa Park, since 1897. Aston Villa were founder members of The Football League in 1888. They were also founder members of the Premier League in 1992, and have remained there ever since. The club was floated by the previous owner and chairman Doug Ellis, but in 2006 full control of the club was acquired by American businessman Randy Lerner.\nAston Villa is one of the oldest and most successful football clubs in the history of English football. They have the fourth highest total of major honours won by an English club, having won the First Division Championship seven times and the FA Cup seven times. Villa also won the 1981–82 European Cup, and are thus one of five English clubs to win what is now the UEFA Champions League.\nThey have a fierce local rivalry with Birmingham City. The Second City derby between Aston Villa and Birmingham City has been played since 1879. The club's traditional kit colours are claret shirts with sky blue sleeves, white shorts and sky blue socks. Their traditional badge is of a rampant gold lion on a light blue background with the club's motto \"Prepared\" underneath; a modified version of this was adopted in 2007.
/m/0f__1	Louisville is the largest city in the Commonwealth of Kentucky and the state's only 1st-class city. In 2010, Louisville proper was the 16th-most populous city in the United States. Located beside the Falls of the Ohio, the only major obstruction to river traffic between the Ohio River and the Gulf of Mexico, Louisville first grew as portage site. The city was the headquarters of the Louisville and Nashville Railroad, which grew into a 6,000-mile system across 13 states. Today, Louisville is best known as the location of the Kentucky Derby, the first of the three annual races that make up the Triple Crown of Thoroughbred Racing. It is the home of the University of Louisville and three of Kentucky's six Fortune 500 companies. Its airport is also the site of UPS's worldwide air hub.\nSince 2003, the city's borders have been coterminous with those of Jefferson County because of a city-county merger. The city's total consolidated population at the 2010 census was 741,096. However, the balance total of 602,011 excludes other incorporated places and semi-autonomous towns within the county and is the population listed in most sources and national rankings. As of the 2012, the Louisville metropolitan area had a population of 1,334,872 ranking 42nd nationally. The metro area includes Louisville-Jefferson County and 12 surrounding counties, eight in Kentucky and four in Southern Indiana. The Louisville Combined Statistical Area, having a population of 1,451,564, includes the MSA, Hardin County and Larue County in Kentucky, and Scott County, Indiana.
/m/013_5c	The New Zealand Labour Party is a social-democratic political party in New Zealand, and one of the two major parties in New Zealand politics. The party was founded in 1916, making it New Zealand's oldest political party.\nLabour was last in government from 1999 to 2008 with Helen Clark as party leader and Prime Minister. Since the party's defeat in the 2008 general election, Labour has formed the second-largest political party represented in the New Zealand Parliament, and functions as the core of the Official Parliamentary Opposition.\nFollowing the 2011 general election, Phil Goff and Annette King stepped down as leader and deputy leader respectively. On 13 December 2011, the parliamentary caucus voted David Shearer and Grant Robertson to replace them. Shearer announced his resignation from the role on 22 August 2013. On 15 September 2013 David Cunliffe was confirmed as the new leader of the Labour party.
/m/0hr3c8y	The 18th Annual Screen Actors Guild Awards, honoring the best achievements in film and television performances for the year 2011, were presented on January 29, 2012 at the Shrine Exposition Center in Los Angeles, California for the sixteenth consecutive year. It was broadcast simultaneously by TNT and TBS.\nThe nominees were announced on December 14, 2011 by actresses Regina King and Judy Greer at Los Angeles' Pacific Design Center's Silver Screen Theater.
/m/0drr3	Allegany County is a county located in the U.S. state of New York. As of the 2010 census, the population was 48,946. Its name derives from a Delaware Indian word, applied by settlers of Western New York State to a trail that followed the Allegheny River. Its county seat is Belmont.
/m/0sw62	Nancy Jean Cartwright is an American film and television actress, comedian and voice artist. She is best known for her long-running role as Bart Simpson on the animated television series The Simpsons. Cartwright voices other characters for the show, including Nelson Muntz, Ralph Wiggum, Todd Flanders, Kearney, and Database.\nBorn in Dayton, Ohio, Cartwright moved to Hollywood in 1978 and trained alongside voice actor Daws Butler. Her first professional role was voicing Gloria in the animated series Richie Rich, which she followed with a starring role in the television movie Marian Rose White and her first feature film, Twilight Zone: The Movie.\nAfter continuing to search for acting work, in 1987 Cartwright auditioned for a role in a series of animated shorts about a dysfunctional family that was to appear on The Tracey Ullman Show. Cartwright intended to audition for the role of Lisa Simpson, the middle child; when she arrived at the audition, she found the role of Bart—Lisa's brother—to be more interesting. Matt Groening, the series' creator, allowed her to audition for Bart and offered her the role on the spot. She voiced Bart for three seasons on The Tracey Ullman Show, and in 1989, the shorts were spun off into a half-hour show called The Simpsons. For her subsequent work as Bart, Cartwright received a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Voice-Over Performance in 1992 and an Annie Award for Best Voice Acting in the Field of Animation in 1995.
/m/03mv9j	This World Fantasy Award is given to the fantasy anthology voted best by a panel of judges, and presented each year at the World Fantasy Convention.
/m/0j8hd	Breast cancer is a type of cancer originating from breast tissue, most commonly from the inner lining of milk ducts or the lobules that supply the ducts with milk. Cancers originating from ducts are known as ductal carcinomas, while those originating from lobules are known as lobular carcinomas. Breast cancer occurs in humans and other mammals. While the overwhelming majority of human cases are in women, breast cancer can also occur in men.\nThe balance of benefits versus harms of breast cancer screening is controversial. The characteristics of the cancer determine the treatment, which may include surgery, medications, radiation and/or immunotherapy. Surgery provides the single largest benefit, and to increase the likelihood of remission, several chemotherapy regimens are commonly given in addition. Radiation is used after breast-conserving surgery and substantially improves local relapse rates and in many circumstances also overall survival.\nWorldwide, breast cancer accounts for 22.9% of all cancers in women. In 2008, breast cancer caused 458,503 deaths worldwide. Breast cancer is more than 100 times more common in women than in men, although men tend to have poorer outcomes due to delays in diagnosis.
/m/0j2jr	Crewe Alexandra Football Club is a professional association football club based in Crewe, Cheshire, England. Nicknamed The Railwaymen due to the town's links with the rail industry, they play in Football League One, the third tier in the English football league system, and are based at the Alexandra Stadium.\nThe club was formed in 1877 and reputedly named after Princess Alexandra, though some suggest they are named after The Princess public house in which the club was formed. They were founding members of the Second Division in 1892, but only lasted four years in the Football League. Since re-entering the competition in 1921 they have mostly remained in the lower divisions. Crewe's only major honour is the Football League Trophy which they won in 2013. They have also won several minor trophies, including the Cheshire Premier Cup and the Cheshire Senior Cup.\nIn recent decades the club has been associated with manager Dario Gradi, whose 24-year tenure between 1983 and 2007 made him at that time the longest-serving manager in English football; he had a further two-year spell in the role from 2009 to 2011. Gradi is known for focusing on youth development and promoting attractive, technical football. Notable players brought through the Crewe youth system include former internationals Rob Jones, Neil Lennon, Danny Murphy, Seth Johnson and Dean Ashton. Other notable players to have made their name at Crewe in that time include Geoff Thomas, David Platt and Robbie Savage.
/m/01_s9q	Spelman College is a four-year liberal arts women's college located in Atlanta, Georgia, United States. The college is part of the Atlanta University Center academic consortium in Atlanta. Founded in 1881 as the Atlanta Baptist Female Seminary, Spelman was the fourth historically black female institution of higher education to receive its collegiate charter in 1924. It thus holds the distinction of being one of America's oldest historically black colleges for women.\nSpelman is ranked among the nation's top liberal arts colleges by U.S. News & World Report. The college is ranked among the top 50 four-year colleges and universities for producing Fulbright Scholars, and was ranked the second largest producer of African-American college graduates who attend medical school. Forbes ranks Spelman among the nation's top ten best women's colleges. Moreover, Spelman has been ranked the #1 regional college in the South by U.S. News and World Report and is ranked among the Best 373 Colleges and Universities in America by the Princeton Review.\nSpelman is often reckoned as the Radcliffe, Wellesley or Smith of the African-American world. It has a longstanding relationship with all-male Morehouse College.
/m/02tc5y	Hugh Michael Horace Dancy is an English actor and model.
/m/01x4py	The New Zealand National Party is a centre-right New Zealand political party, and one of the two major parties in New Zealand politics. The party was founded in 1936 on the merger of the United and Reform parties, making it the nation's second-oldest political party.\nAs of April 2012, National has the largest share of seats in the New Zealand House of Representatives, with 59 out of a total of 121. Since November 2008, it has been the incumbent governing party, forming a minority government with support from three minor parties.
/m/0418wg	Ocean's Twelve is a 2004 American crime comedy film, the sequel to 2001's Ocean's Eleven. Like its predecessor, which was a remake of the 1960 heist film Ocean's 11, the film was directed by Steven Soderbergh and used an ensemble cast. It was released in the United States on December 10, 2004. A third film, Ocean's Thirteen, was released on June 8, 2007, in the United States—thus forming the Ocean's Trilogy. The film stars George Clooney, Brad Pitt, Matt Damon, Catherine Zeta-Jones, Andy García, Julia Roberts, Don Cheadle, Bernie Mac. It was the tenth highest-grossing film of 2004.
/m/0gs6vr	Selena Marie Gomez is an American actress and singer. Gomez first made her debut appearing as Gianna in Barney & Friends, lasting from 2002 to 2004. Following this, Gomez had cameo roles in films such as Spy Kids 3-D: Game Over and Walker, Texas Ranger: Trial by Fire. In 2006, Gomez appeared as a guest star on an episode of the Disney Channel series The Suite Life of Zack & Cody, as well as Hannah Montana. Following this, Gomez starred in the Disney Channel television series Wizards of Waverly Place. The series was a critical and commercial success, earning Gomez numerous awards and nominations. Gomez later appeared in numerous Disney Channel series and films including Jonas Brothers: Living the Dream and Disney Channel Games. In 2009, Gomez appeared in the films Princess Protection Program and Wizards of Waverly Place: The Movie before releasing her first studio album as Selena Gomez & the Scene, titled Kiss & Tell. The album was a commercial success, peaking inside the Top 10 of the Billboard 200.\nFollowing this, Gomez appeared in the film Ramona and Beezus, one of her first roles outside of Disney. Gomez & the Scene released their second studio album, A Year Without Rain, later that year. The album entered the Top 5 of the Billboard 200, and spawned two Top 40 hits. In 2011, Gomez gained much publicity when it was confirmed that she was in a relationship with teenage pop star Justin Bieber. The couple was dubbed \"Jelena\" by the media, and were noted as being a teen power couple. Gomez began appearing in more films such as Monte Carlo and The Muppets. Gomez, along with her band, later released their third studio album When the Sun Goes Down in 2011. The album spawned the hit single \"Love You Like a Love Song\", which was certified 4× Platinum by the RIAA. Following the release of the album, Gomez confirmed she would be taking a musical hiatus to focus on her acting career. She then went on to appear in the films Hotel Transylvania and Spring Breakers, the latter of which saw Gomez portraying a more adult role.
/m/020_4z	Eric Victor Burdon is an English singer-songwriter best known as a member and vocalist of rock band the Animals and the funk band War and for his aggressive stage performance. He was ranked 57th in Rolling Stone's list – The 100 Greatest Singers of All Time.
/m/06cs1	Research comprises \"creative work undertaken on a systematic basis in order to increase the stock of knowledge, including knowledge of man, culture and society, and the use of this stock of knowledge to devise new applications.\" It is used to establish or confirm facts, reaffirm the results of previous work, solve new or existing problems, support theorems, or develop new theories. A research project may also be an expansion on past work in the field. To test the validity of instruments, procedures, or experiments, research may replicate elements of prior projects, or the project as a whole. The primary purposes of basic research are documentation, discovery, interpretation, or the research and development of methods and systems for the advancement of human knowledge. Approaches to research depend on epistemologies, which vary considerably both within and between humanities and sciences. There are several forms of research: scientific, humanities, artistic, economic, social, business, marketing, practitioner research, etc.
/m/0fz27v	Bernard Jules \"Bernie\" Brillstein was an American film and television producer, executive producer, and talent agent.
/m/059rc	Natural Born Killers is a 1994 American crime-action film directed by Oliver Stone about two victims of traumatic childhoods who became lovers and mass murderers, and are irresponsibly glorified by the mass media. It stars Woody Harrelson and Juliette Lewis, along with Rodney Dangerfield, Robert Downey, Jr., Tom Sizemore, and Tommy Lee Jones.\nThe film is based on a screenplay by Quentin Tarantino that was heavily revised by Stone with writer Dave Veloz and associate producer Richard Rutowski. Notorious for its violent content, the film was named the eighth most controversial film of all time by Entertainment Weekly in 2006.\nNatural Born Killers was promoted with such taglines as: \"A bold new film that takes a look at a country seduced by fame, obsessed by crime and consumed by the media\" and \"In the media circus of life, they were the main attraction.\" It was released theatrically in the United States on August 26, 1994.
/m/0fw1y	Olympia is the capital of the State of Washington and the county seat of Thurston County. It was incorporated on January 28, 1859. The population was 46,478 at the 2010 census. The city borders Lacey, to the east, and Tumwater to the south. Olympia is a major cultural center of the Puget Sound region.
/m/09rwjly	The 60th annual Berlin International Film Festival was held from February 11 to February 21, 2010, with Werner Herzog as President of the Jury. The opening film of the festival was Chinese director Wang Quan'an's romantic drama Apart Together, in competition, while the closing film is Japanese director Yoji Yamada's About Her Brother, which was screened out of competition. A new record attendance was established with 282,000 sold tickets, according to the organizers . A complete restored version of Fritz Lang's Metropolis was also shown at the festival.
/m/0c8tk	Chennai is the capital city of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. Located on the Coromandel Coast off the Bay of Bengal, it is the biggest industrial and commercial centre in South India, and a major cultural, economic and educational centre as well.\nThe area around Chennai had been part of successive South Indian kingdoms for many centuries. The recorded history of the city began in the colonial times, specifically with the arrival of British East India Company and the establishment of Fort St. George in 1644. The British defended several attacks from the French colonial forces, and from the kingdom of Mysore, on Chennai's way to becoming a major naval port and presidency city by the late eighteenth century. Following the independence of India, Chennai became the capital of Madras State and subsequently Tamil Nadu, and an important centre of regional politics based on the Dravidian identity of the populace.\nAccording to the provisional results of 2011 census, the city had 4.68 million residents, making it the sixth most populous city in India; the urban agglomeration, which comprises the city and its suburbs, was home to approximately 8.9 million, making it the fourth most populous metropolitan area in the country and 31st largest urban area in the world. Chennai's economy has a broad industrial base in the automobile, computer, technology, hardware manufacturing and healthcare sectors. As of 2012, the city is India's second largest exporter of information technology and business process outsourcing services. A major part of India's automobile industry is based in and around the city thus earning it the nickname \"Detroit of India\". It is known as the Cultural Capital of South India.
/m/01f2w0	BBC One is the flagship television channel of the British Broadcasting Corporation in the United Kingdom, Isle of Man and Channel Islands. It was launched on 2 November 1936 as the BBC Television Service, and was the world's first regular television service with a high level of image resolution. It was renamed BBC TV in 1960, using this name until the launch of sister channel BBC2 in 1964, whereupon the BBC TV channel became known as BBC1, with the current spelling adopted in 1997.\nThe channel's annual budget for 2012–13 is £1.14 billion. The channel is funded by the television licence fee together with the BBC's other domestic television stations, and therefore shows uninterrupted programming without commercial advertising. It is currently the most watched television channel in the United Kingdom, ahead of its traditional rival for ratings leadership, ITV.\nAs of June 2013 the channel controller for BBC One is Charlotte Moore, who succeeded Danny Cohen initially as Acting Controller from May 2013.
/m/02ryx0	Robert David \"Dave\" Grusin is an American composer, arranger and pianist. Grusin has composed many scores for feature films and television, and has won numerous awards for his soundtrack and record work, including an Academy award and 12 Grammys. He has had a prolific recording career as an artist, arranger, producer and executive producer.\nBorn in Littleton, Colorado, he studied music at the University of Colorado at Boulder and was awarded his bachelor's degree in 1956. He produced his first single, \"Subways are for Sleeping\" in 1962 and his first film score was for Divorce American Style. Other scores followed including Winning, The Friends of Eddie Coyle, The Midnight Man and Three Days of the Condor in 1975.\nIn the late 70s, he formed GRP records along with his business partner, Larry Rosen, and began to create some of the first commercial digital recordings. Grusin was also at the forefront of soundtrack albums. He was the composer for Mike Nichols's Oscar-winning film, The Graduate. Later scores included On Golden Pond, Tootsie and The Goonies.\nFrom 2000 through 2011, Grusin has concentrated on composing classical and jazz compositions, touring, and recording with collaborators, among others, guitarist, Lee Ritenour. Together they have recorded several projects including the Grammy-winning Brazilian album, “Harlequin” in 1985. In recent years, they have released two classical crossover albums that were nominated for Grammys including, the Universal Decca recordings,'“Two Worlds” and \"Amparo\". He is married and has four children.
/m/01lqf49	RuPaul Andre Charles, best known as simply RuPaul, is an American actor, drag queen, model, author, and recording artist, who first became widely known in the 1990s when he appeared in a wide variety of television programs, films, and musical albums. Previously, he was a fixture on the Atlanta and New York City club scenes. Usually billed as RuPaul Charles, he has played men in a number of roles.\nRuPaul is noted among drag queens for his indifference towards the gender-specific pronouns used to address him—both \"he\" and \"she\" have been deemed acceptable, as he has said: \"You can call me he. You can call me she. You can call me Regis and Kathie Lee; I don't care! Just as long as you call me.\" He hosted a short-running talk show on VH1, and currently hosts the reality television show RuPaul's Drag Race. RuPaul is also known for his hit song \"Supermodel\".
/m/040v3t	The World Fantasy Awards are given each year by the World Fantasy Convention for the best fantasy fiction published in English during the previous calendar year. The awards have been described as one of the three most prestigious speculative fiction awards, along with the Hugo and Nebula Awards. The World Fantasy Award for Best Short Story is given each year for fantasy short stories published in English. A work of fiction is defined by the organization as a short story if it is 10,000 words or less in length; awards are also given out for longer pieces in the novel and novella categories. The World Fantasy Award for Best Short Story has been awarded annually since 1975, though before 1982—when the novella category was instated—the category was named \"Best Short Fiction\" and covered works of up to 40,000 words.\nWorld Fantasy Award nominees and winners are decided by attendees and judges at the annual World Fantasy Convention. A ballot is posted in June for attendees of the current and previous two conferences to determine two of the finalists, and a panel of five judges adds three or more nominees before voting on the overall winner. The panel of judges is typically made up of fantasy authors and is chosen each year by the World Fantasy Awards Administration, which has the power to break ties. The final results are presented at the World Fantasy Convention at the end of October.
/m/01wwvt2	Michael Peter Balzary, better known as Flea, is an Australian-born American musician and actor. He is best known as the bassist, co-founding member, and one of the composers of the rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers with whom he was inducted into the 2012 Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. Flea also briefly appeared as the bassist for such bands as What Is This?, Fear and Jane's Addiction. More recently he has appeared as member of the rock supergroups Atoms for Peace and Rocket Juice & the Moon. Flea has also collaborated with many artists including The Mars Volta, Johnny Cash, Alanis Morissette and Young MC. Widely regarded as one of the best rock bass players of all time. In 2009, Rolling Stone's readers ranked Flea the second best bassist of all-time in their top ten poll. Flea was ranked behind only John Entwistle and ahead of Paul McCartney.\nFlea has also made occasional forays into acting, appearing in films that span many genres such as Suburbia, Back to the Future Part II and Part III, My Own Private Idaho, The Chase, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas and The Big Lebowski, in addition to voicing the character Donnie Thornberry in The Wild Thornberrys animated television series and films.
/m/0n3dv	Cass County is a county located in the state of North Dakota, USA. As of the 2010 census, the population was 149,778. Its county seat is Fargo. Cass County is the most populous and fastest growing county in North Dakota, accounting for 22% of the states population. Cass County is part of the Fargo, ND–Moorhead,MN Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/01bdxz	Torquay United Football Club is an English football club based in Torquay, Devon. The club participates in Football League Two, the fourth tier of English football. The club plays in a distinctive yellow & white stripe kit.
/m/09hd6f	Javier \"Javi\" Grillo-Marxuach, born October 28, 1969 in San Juan, Puerto Rico, is a television screenwriter and producer, known for his work as writer and producer on the first two seasons of the ABC television series Lost, as well as other series including Charmed and Law and Order: Special Victims Unit.
/m/0_vw8	Jackson is a city in and the county seat of Madison County, Tennessee. The total population was 65,211 at the 2010 census. Jackson is the primary city of the Jackson, Tennessee metropolitan area, which is included in the Jackson-Humboldt, Tennessee Combined Statistical Area. Jackson is Madison County's, largest city. Jackson is home to the Tennessee Supreme Court's courthouse for West Tennessee.
/m/02x2jl_	State of Play is a 2009 political thriller film. It is an adaptation of the six-part British television serial of the same name which first aired on BBC One in 2003. The plot of the six-hour serial was condensed to fit a two-hour movie format, with the location changed to Washington, D.C. The film was directed by Kevin Macdonald from a screenplay written by Matthew Michael Carnahan, Tony Gilroy, Peter Morgan, and Billy Ray.\nThe film tells of a journalist's probe into the suspicious death of a congressman's mistress. The supporting cast includes Rachel McAdams, Helen Mirren, Jason Bateman, Robin Wright Penn, and Jeff Daniels. Macdonald said that State of Play is influenced by the films of the 1970s and explores the topical subject of privatization of American Homeland Security and to a minor extent journalistic independence, along with the relationship between politicians and the press. It was released in North America on April 17, 2009.
/m/01z645	Kettering is a town in Northamptonshire, England. It is situated about 81 miles from London. Kettering is mainly situated on the west side of the River Ise, a tributary of the River Nene which meets at Wellingborough. Originally named Cytringan, Kyteringas and Keteiringan in the 10th century, the name Kettering is now taken to mean 'the place of Ketter's people'.\nAs of the last census in 2001, the borough has a population of 81,844 whilst the town proper had a population of 51,063 and the town is twinned with Lahnstein, Germany and Kettering, Ohio, in the United States. Being part of the Milton Keynes South Midlands study area along with other towns in Northamptonshire, the town is due to get around 6,000 additional homes mainly to the east of the town. The town, like other towns in the area, has a growing commuter population as it is located on the Midland Main Line railway, which has fast InterCity trains directly into London St Pancras International taking around 1 hour. This gives an interchange with Eurostar services to Continental Europe.
/m/06v99d	GMA Network is a major commercial television & radio network in the Philippines. GMA Network is owned by GMA Network, Inc. a publicly listed company. Its first broadcast on television was on October 29, 1961, GMA Network is commonly signified to as the \"Kapuso Network\" in reference to the outline of the company’s logo. It has also been called the “Christian Network” which refers to the apparent programming during the tenure of the new management, which took over in 1974. It is headquartered in the GMA Network Center in Quezon City and its transmitter is located at Tandang Sora Avenue, Barangay Culiat also in Quezon City.\nThe original meaning of the GMA acronym was Greater Manila Area, referring to the initial coverage area of the station. As the network expanded it changed into Global Media Arts. At present the corporate name is simply GMA Network, Inc.
/m/01hyfj	Tech house is a subgenre of house music that mixes elements of techno with house music. The term tech house developed as a shorthand record store name for a category of electronic dance music that combined musical aspects of techno, such as \"rugged basslines\" and \"steely beats,\" with the harmonies and grooves of progressive house. The music originally had a clean and minimal production style that was associated with techno from Detroit and the UK. In the mid to late 1990s a scene developed in England around club nights such as The Drop run by Mr.C & Plink Plonk, Heart & Soul, and Wiggle run by Terry Francis and Nathan Coles. Other DJs and artists associated with the sound at that time included Charles Webster, Bushwacka!, Dave Angel, Herbert, Funk D'Void, Ian O'Brien, Derrick Carter, and Stacey Pullen. By the late 90's London nightclub The End, owned by the former Shamen rapper Richard West and Layo Paskin, was considered the home of tech house in the UK.
/m/02_1rq	Santa Barbara is an American television soap opera, first broadcast in the United States on NBC on July 30, 1984, and last aired on January 15, 1993. The show revolves around the eventful lives of the wealthy Capwell family of Santa Barbara, California. Other prominent families featured on the soap were the rival Lockridge family, and the more modest Andrade and Perkins families.\nThe serial was co-produced by NBC and Dobson Productions until February 1985, when New World Pictures joined NBC and Dobson as a production partner. The newly created partnership, New World Television, then served as the distributor for the show.\nSanta Barbara aired in over 40 countries around the world. The show's popularity continued to rise, and it even had fans in the White House. In 1985, when character Augusta Lockridge was blinded following a tunnel collapse, Ronald Reagan sent actress Louise Sorel a letter saying he and Nancy were praying for her and hoped she recovered. Santa Barbara won 24 Daytime Emmy Awards and was nominated 30 times for the same award. The show also won 18 Soap Opera Digest Awards, and won various other awards.\nSanta Barbara aired at 3:00 PM Eastern on NBC in the same time slot as General Hospital on ABC and Guiding Light on CBS and right after Another World.
/m/0gl3hr	Guys and Dolls is a 1955 musical film starring Marlon Brando, Jean Simmons, Frank Sinatra and Vivian Blaine. The film was made by Samuel Goldwyn Productions and distributed by MGM. It was directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz, who also wrote the screenplay.\nIt was based on the 1950 Broadway musical by composer and lyricist Frank Loesser, with a book by Jo Swerling and Abe Burrows based on \"The Idyll Of Miss Sarah Brown\" and \"Blood Pressure\", two short stories by Damon Runyon. Dances were choreographed by Michael Kidd, who staged the Broadway production.\nUpon Samuel Goldwyn's and Joseph L. Mankiewicz's requests, Frank Loesser wrote three new songs for the film: \"Pet Me Poppa\", \" A Woman in Love\", and \"Adelaide\", the last written specifically for Sinatra. Five songs in the stage musical were omitted from the movie: \"A Bushel and a Peck\", \"My Time of Day\", \"I've Never Been In Love Before\", \"More I Cannot Wish You\" and \"Marry the Man Today\".
/m/04q42	Limburg is the southernmost of the twelve provinces of the Netherlands. It is located in the southeastern part of the country, where it borders the Dutch provinces of Gelderland to the north and North Brabant to the north and the northwest. To the east it borders the German state of Northrhine-Westphalia, to the west the Flemish province of Belgian Limburg, and to the south the French-speaking Belgian province of Liège.\nMajor cities are the provincial capital Maastricht in the south, Roermond in the middle, and Venlo in the north, all upon the Meuse . In south Limburg, there are also urban agglomerations at Sittard-Geleen and Parkstad Limburg, which includes the city of Heerlen.\nLimburg has a highly distinctive character. The social and economic trends which affected the province in recent decades generated a process of change and renewal which has enabled Limburg to transform its national peripheral location into a highly globalized regional nexus, linking the Netherlands to the Ruhr metro area and the southern part of the Benelux region. A less appreciated consequence of this international gateway location is rising international crime, often drugs-related, especially in the southernmost part of the province.
/m/024yxd	Harold Lane \"Hal\" David was an American lyricist. He grew up in Brooklyn, New York City. He was best known for his collaborations with composer Burt Bacharach and his association with Dionne Warwick.
/m/03nl5k	The Grammy Award for Best Mexican/Mexican-American Album was an honor presented to recording artists for quality albums in the Mexican music genre at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position\".\nSince its inception, the award category has had several name changes. From 1984 to 1991 the award was known as Best Mexican-American Performance. From 1992 to 1994 it was awarded as Best Mexican-American Album. In 1995 it returned to the title Best Mexican-American Performance. From 1996 to 1998 it was awarded as Best Mexican-American/Tejano Music Performance. In 1999, the category name was changed to Best Mexican-American Music Performance, and in 2000 it returned to the title Best Mexican-American Performance once again. From 2001 to 2008 the award was presented as Best Mexican/Mexican-American Album. In 2009, the category was split into two new fields: Best Norteño Album and Best Regional Mexican Album.
/m/04knkd	Derry City Football Club is a professional football club based in Derry, Northern Ireland. It plays in the League of Ireland Premier Division. It had spent the majority of its time in the League of Ireland in the Premier Division, the top tier of league football in the Republic of Ireland, but was expelled in November 2009 when it was discovered there were secondary, unofficial contracts with players. It was reinstated a few weeks later but demoted to the First Division, the second tier. The club are the League of Ireland's only participant from Northern Ireland. The club's home ground is the Brandywell Stadium and the players wear red and white striped shirts from which its nickname, the Candystripes, derives. Others refer to the club as the Red and White Army or abbreviate the name to Derry or City.\nThe club, founded in 1928, initially played in the Irish League, the domestic league in Northern Ireland, and won a title in 1964–65. In 1971, security concerns related to the Troubles meant matches could not be played at the Brandywell. The team played home fixtures 30 miles away in Coleraine. Security forces withdrew their objections to the use of the Brandywell the following year, but in the face of insistence from the Irish League that the unsustainable arrangement continue, the club withdrew from the league. After 13 years in junior football, it joined the League of Ireland's new First Division for 1985–86. Derry won the First Division title and achieved promotion to the Premier Division in 1987, and remained there until the 2009 relegation. The club won a domestic treble in 1988–89, the only League of Ireland club so far to do so.
/m/0gr4k	The Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay is one of the Academy Awards, the most prominent film awards in the United States. It is awarded each year to the writer of a screenplay adapted from another source. All sequels are automatically considered adaptations by this standard.
/m/01fwqn	Wolverhampton Wanderers Football Club is an English professional football club that represents the city of Wolverhampton in the West Midlands region. The club was founded in 1877 and since 1889 has played at Molineux. Having been relegated from the Championship on the final day of the 2012–13 season, the club is currently competing in League One, the third tier in the English football league system, for the first time since 1988–89.\nHistorically, Wolves have been highly influential, most notably as being founder members of the Football League, as well as having played an instrumental role in the establishment of the European Cup, later to become the UEFA Champions League. Having won the FA Cup twice before the outbreak of the First World War, they developed into one of England's leading clubs under the management of ex-player Stan Cullis after the Second World War, going on to win the league three times and the FA Cup twice more between 1949 and 1960. It was during this time that the European Cup competition was established, after the English press declared Wolves \"Champions of the World\" following their victories against numerous top European and World sides in some of British football's first live televised games.
/m/048scx	Thirteen Days is a 2000 docudrama directed by Roger Donaldson about the Cuban Missile Crisis of 1962, seen from the perspective of the US political leadership. Kevin Costner stars, with Bruce Greenwood featured as John F. Kennedy.\nWhile the movie carries the same name as the book Thirteen Days by former Attorney General Robert F. Kennedy, it is in fact based on a different book, The Kennedy Tapes: Inside the White House During the Cuban Missile Crisis by Ernest May and Philip Zelikow. It is the second docudrama made about the crisis, the first being 1974's The Missiles of October, which was based on Kennedy's book. The 2000 film contains some newly declassified information not available to the earlier production, but takes greater dramatic license, particularly in its choice of Kenneth O'Donnell as protagonist.
/m/0257yf	The Grammy Award for Best Small Ensemble Performance has been awarded since 1997. In its early years, its title included the addition \"\".\nIn 1991 the Grammy for Best Chamber Music Performance also included small ensemble performances.
/m/07s6fsf	The Master of Business Administration is a master's degree in business administration. The MBA degree originated in the United States in the late 19th century as the country industrialized and companies sought scientific approaches to management. The core courses in an MBA program introduce the various areas of business such as accounting, finance, marketing, human resources and operations management; many programs include elective courses.\nAccreditation bodies specifically for MBA programs ensure consistency and quality of education. Business schools in many countries offer programs tailored to full-time, part-time, executive, and distance learning students, with specialized concentrations.
/m/0ql86	The Third Crusade, also known as the Kings' Crusade, was an attempt by European leaders to reconquer the Holy Land from Saladin the emperor. It was largely successful, capturing Acre, Jaffa, and reversing most of Saladin's conquests, but failed to capture Jerusalem, which was the emotional and spiritual fixation of the Crusade.\nAfter the failure of the Second Crusade, the Zengid dynasty controlled a unified Syria and engaged in a conflict with the Fatimid rulers of Egypt, which ultimately resulted in the unification of Egyptian and Syrian forces under the command of Saladin, who employed them to reduce the Christian states and to recapture Jerusalem in 1187. Spurred by religious zeal, Henry II of England and Philip II of France ended their conflict with each other to lead a new crusade. Henry's death in 1189, however, meant that the English contingent came under the command of his successor Richard I of England. The elderly Holy Roman Emperor Frederick Barbarossa responded to the call to arms, and led a massive army across Anatolia, but drowned in a river in Asia Minor on 10 June 1190, before reaching the Holy Land. His death caused the greatest grief among the German Crusaders. Most of his discouraged troops left to go home back to Berlin.
/m/03fw60	Prem Chopra is an Indian actor in Hindi and Punjabi films. He has acted in 320 films. He has a soft spoken diction despite being a villain in most films.
/m/0h3mrc	Mindy Kaling is an American actress, comedian, writer and producer.
/m/05f3q	The Nobel Peace Prize is one of the five Nobel Prizes created by the Swedish industrialist, inventor, and armaments manufacturer Alfred Nobel, along with the prizes in Chemistry, Physics, Physiology or Medicine, and Literature. Since 1901, it has been awarded annually to those who have \"done the most or the best work for fraternity between nations, for the abolition or reduction of standing armies and for the holding and promotion of peace congresses.\"\nPer Alfred Nobel's will, the recipient is selected by the Norwegian Nobel Committee, a 5-member committee appointed by the Parliament of Norway. Since 1990, the prize is awarded on December 10 in Oslo City Hall each year. The prize was formerly awarded in the Atrium of the University of Oslo Faculty of Law, the Norwegian Nobel Institute, and the Parliament.\nDue to its political nature, the Nobel Peace Prize has, for most of its history, been the subject of controversies.
/m/0ddbjy4	Dredd is a 2012 science fiction action film directed by Pete Travis and written and produced by Alex Garland. It is based on the 2000 AD comic strip Judge Dredd and its eponymous character created by John Wagner and Carlos Ezquerra. Karl Urban stars as Judge Dredd, a law enforcer given the power of judge, jury and executioner in a vast, dystopic metropolis called Mega-City One that lies in a post-apocalyptic wasteland. Dredd and his apprentice partner, Judge Anderson, are forced to bring order to a 200-storey high-rise block of flats and deal with its resident drug lord, Ma-Ma.\nGarland began writing the script in 2006, although the development of a new Judge Dredd film adaptation, unrelated to the 1995 film Judge Dredd, was not announced until December 2008. Produced by British studio DNA Films, Dredd began principal photography, using 3D cameras throughout, in November 2010. Filming took place on practical sets and locations in Cape Town and Johannesburg.\nDredd was released on 7 September 2012 in the United Kingdom and on 21 September 2012 worldwide. Critics were generally positive about the film's visual effects, casting and action, while criticism focused on a perceived lack of the satirical elements that are found in the source comic and on excessive violence. Despite the positive critical response, the film earned just over $41 million at the box office on an estimated budget of $45 million. Dredd saw greater success following its home release, and has since been recognized as a cult film. The theatrical gross made a sequel unlikely, but home media sales and fan efforts endorsed by 2000 AD's publisher Rebellion have maintained the possibility of a second film.
/m/04b19t	Aditya Chopra is a three-time National Award winning Indian film producer, screenwriter, director and distributor. His work as a director includes Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge, Mohabbatein, and Rab Ne Bana Di Jodi.\nHe is also the current chairman of India's 45 year-old multi-national film, media and entertainment conglomerate, Yash Raj Films. Chopra has written and produced a number of critically acclaimed and commercially successful films under the banner like Veer-Zaara, Hum Tum, Bunty Aur Babli, Fanaa, Bachna Ae Haseeno, New York, Band Baaja Baaraat, Ishaqzaade, Ek Tha Tiger, Jab Tak Hai Jaan, Shuddh Desi Romance, The Dhoom Trilogy and Gunday. Chopra has also tried to break away from typecast and forayed into production of off-beat films with unique subjects in projects like Kabul Express, Chak De India, Rocket Singh, Aurangzeb, Detective Byomkesh Bakshi and Paani, that do not necessarily fit into the realms of Masala films. As of December 2013, Chopra has produced the highest grossing film of Indian Cinema and has produced six other films that have accumulated worldwide gross earnings of more than INR 200 crore. Moreover, in the year 2014, Chopra became the first Indian producer to move towards a true film studio model through Independent projects helmed by producers, writers and directors under the YRF banner.
/m/0pqp3	Camel are an English progressive rock band formed in 1971. Led by founding member Andrew Latimer, they have produced 14 original studio albums, 14 singles plus numerous other compilation and live albums.
/m/097kp	Indonesian is the official language of Indonesia. It is a standardized register of Malay, an Austronesian language which has been used as a lingua franca in the Indonesian archipelago for centuries. Most Indonesians also speak one of more than 700 indigenous languages.\nIndonesia is the fourth most populous nation in the world. Of its large population, the majority speak Indonesian, making it one of the most widely spoken languages in the world.\nMost Indonesians, aside from speaking the national language, are often fluent in another regional language which are commonly used at home and within the local community. Most formal education, and nearly all national media and other forms of communication, are conducted in Indonesian. In East Timor, which was an Indonesian province from 1975 to 1999, Indonesian is recognised by the constitution as one of the two working languages, alongside the official languages of Tetum and Portuguese.\nThe Indonesian name for the language is Bahasa Indonesia. This term is occasionally found in English. English speakers sometimes use the term \"Bahasa\" instead, to refer to both the standard languages of Indonesia and of Malaysia, Brunei, and Singapore, though the word literally just means \"language\".
/m/02l3_5	Cloris Leachman is an American actress of stage, film and television. She has won eight Primetime Emmy Awards and one Daytime Emmy Award. She co-starred in the 1971 film The Last Picture Show for which she won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress.\nLeachman's longest running role was the nosy, self-centered and manipulative landlady Phyllis Lindstrom on the 1970s TV series Mary Tyler Moore, and later on the spinoff series, Phyllis. She also appeared in three Mel Brooks films, including Young Frankenstein. She had a regular role on the last two seasons of The Facts of Life portraying the character Beverly Ann Stickle. In recent years, she had a recurring role as Lois's mother Ida Gorski on Malcolm in the Middle. She also starred in the roast of Bob Saget in 2008. Leachman was a contestant on Season 7 of Dancing with the Stars, paired with Corky Ballas. At the age of 82, she is the oldest contestant to have danced on the series. She currently stars as Maw Maw in the television comedy Raising Hope.\nAs Miss Chicago, Leachman competed in the 20th Miss America pageant and placed in the Top 16 in 1946. Leachman was the grand marshal for the 2009 New Year's Day Tournament of Roses Parade and Rose Bowl Game in Pasadena, California. She presided over the 120th parade, the theme being \"Hats Off to Entertainment\", and the 95th Rose Bowl game.
/m/0gd0c7x	Prometheus is a 2012 British-American science fiction film directed by Ridley Scott, written by Jon Spaihts and Damon Lindelof, and starring Noomi Rapace, Michael Fassbender, Guy Pearce, Idris Elba, Logan Marshall-Green, and Charlize Theron. It is set in the late 21st century and centers on the crew of the spaceship Prometheus as it follows a star map discovered among the artifacts of several ancient Earth cultures. Seeking the origins of humanity, the crew arrives on a distant world and discovers a threat that could cause the extinction of the human race.\nDevelopment of the film began in the early 2000s as a fifth installment in the Alien franchise. Scott and director James Cameron developed ideas for a film that would serve as a prequel to Scott's 1979 science-fiction horror film Alien. By 2003, the development of Alien vs. Predator took precedence, and the project remained dormant until 2009 when Scott again showed interest. Spaihts wrote a script for a prequel to the events of the Alien films, but Scott opted for a different direction to avoid repeating cues from those films. In late 2010, Lindelof joined the project to rewrite Spaihts's script, and he and Scott developed a story that precedes the story of Alien but is not directly connected to that franchise. According to Scott, although the film shares \"strands of Alien's DNA, so to speak\", and takes place in the same universe, Prometheus explores its own mythology and ideas.
/m/04m8fy	Delta Delta Delta, also known as Tri Delta, is an international sorority founded on November 27, 1888 at Boston University. With over 200,000 initiates, Tri Delta is one of the world's largest National Panhellenic Conference sororities.
/m/05nqz	Operation Barbarossa, beginning 22 June 1941, was the code name for Germany's invasion of the Soviet Union during World War II. Over four million soldiers of the Axis powers invaded the USSR along a 2,900 km front, the largest invasion in the history of warfare. In addition to troops, Barbarossa used 600,000 motor vehicles and 750,000 horses. The ambitious operation was driven by Adolf Hitler's persistent desire to conquer the Soviet territories as embodied in Generalplan Ost. It marked the beginning of the pivotal phase in deciding the victors of the war. The German invasion of the Soviet Union caused a high rate of fatalities: 95% of all German Army casualties that occurred from 1941 to 1944, and 65% of all Allied military casualties from the entire war.\nOperation Barbarossa was named after Frederick Barbarossa, the medieval Holy Roman Emperor. The invasion was authorized by Hitler on 18 December 1940 for a start date of 15 May 1941, but this would not be met, and instead the invasion began on 22 June 1941. Tactically, the Germans won resounding victories and occupied some of the most important economic areas of the Soviet Union, mainly in Ukraine. Despite these successes, the German offensive stalled on the outskirts of Moscow and was then pushed back by a Soviet counter offensive without having taken the city. The Germans could never again mount a simultaneous offensive along the entire strategic Soviet–German front. The Red Army repelled the Wehrmacht's strongest blow, and Adolf Hitler did not achieve the expected victory, but the Soviet Union's situation remained dire.
/m/0p5mw	David Mansfield is an American violinist, mandolin player, guitarist, pedal steel guitar player, and composer.\nRaised in Leonia, New Jersey, his first band was Quacky Duck and His Barnyard Friends, which also included two sons of Tony Bennett.\nBob Dylan asked Mansfield to tour with him on his 1975 Rolling Thunder Revue tour; he remained in Dylan's band through their 1978 world tour.\nAfter the Revue ended in 1976, Mansfield and two other members of Dylan's band, T-Bone Burnett and Steven Soles, formed The Alpha Band. The band released three albums, The Alpha Band in 1977, Spark In The Dark in 1977, and The Statue Makers of Hollywood in 1978.\nIn 1986 Mansfield was an initial member of Bruce Hornsby and the Range, including playing the title instrument on the hit \"Mandolin Rain\". However he left the Range before their first tour.\nSince The Alpha Band broke up, Mansfield has continued to work as a musician in sessions for Dylan, Burnett, Johnny Cash, Nanci Griffith, Roger McGuinn, Sam Phillips, Mark Heard, The Roches, Edie Brickell, Spinal Tap, Lucinda Williams, Dwight Yoakam, Victoria Williams, Loudon Wainwright III, Chris Hillman and Herb Pedersen and others.
/m/04ltlj	Mary Shelley's Frankenstein is a 1994 American horror film directed by Kenneth Branagh and starring Robert De Niro and Branagh. The picture was produced on a budget of $45 million and is considered the most faithful film adaptation of Mary Shelley's novel Frankenstein; or, The Modern Prometheus.
/m/09sxqk	Worcester City Football Club is an English football club based in Worcester, Worcestershire. The club participates in the Conference North, the sixth tier of English football. Established in 1902, they have spent the majority of their history in non league football. The team plays at Aggborough, Kidderminster after leaving St George's Lane in 2013.
/m/07_kq	Vilnius is the capital of Lithuania, and its largest city, with a population of 539,939 as of 2014. Vilnius is located in the southeast part of Lithuania and is the second biggest city of the Baltic states.\nVilnius is the seat of the Vilnius city municipality and of the Vilnius district municipality. It is also the capital of Vilnius County. The first known written record of Vilnius as the Lithuanian capital is known from Gediminas' letters in 1323.\nVilnius is classified as a Gamma global city according to GaWC studies, and is known for its Old Town of beautiful architecture, declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1994. Its Jewish influence until the 20th century has led to it being described as the \"Jerusalem of Lita\" and Napoleon named it \"the Jerusalem of the North\" as he was passing through in 1812. In the year 2009, Vilnius was the European Capital of Culture, together with the Austrian city of Linz.
/m/02wypbh	The Best Director Award is an award presented at the Cannes Film Festival. It is chosen by the jury from the \"official section\" of movies at the festival. It was first awarded in 1946.\nThere have only been two occasions where the winner also won the Palme d'Or, the highest award at the festival. They are in 1991, when Joel Coen won for Barton Fink, and in 2003, when Gus van Sant won for Elephant.
/m/013n2h	Midland is a city in and the county seat of Midland County, Texas, United States, on the Southern Plains of the state's western area. A small portion of the city extends into Martin County. At the 2010 census, the population of Midland was 111,147, and a 2011 estimate of 113,931, making it the twenty-eighth most populous city in the state of Texas. Due to the oil boom in Midland, certain officials have estimated the population to be hovering around 155,000 to 165,000. The Midland metropolitan area's, composed of Midland County, population grew 4.6 percent to 151,662 between July 1, 2011, and July 1, 2012, according to the U.S. Census Bureau. It is the principal city of the Midland, Texas Metropolitan Statistical Area, which includes all of Midland County. The metropolitan area is also a component of the larger Midland−Odessa, Texas Combined Statistical Area, which had an estimated population of 274,002 on July 1, 2010. People in Midland are called Midlanders.\nMidland was originally founded as the midway point between Fort Worth and El Paso on the Texas and Pacific Railroad in 1881. The city has received national recognition as the hometown of former First Lady Laura Bush, and the onetime home of former President George H. W. Bush, former President George W. Bush, and former First Lady Barbara Bush.
/m/05sns6	Mr. & Mrs. Smith is a 2005 film directed by Doug Liman.
/m/06t6dz	Hustle & Flow is a 2005 American independent drama film written and directed by Craig Brewer and produced by John Singleton and Stephanie Allain. It was released on July 22, 2005. Terrence Howard stars as a Memphis hustler and pimp who faces his aspiration to become a rapper. The movie was dedicated to Sun Records founder Sam Phillips.\nThe film won the Academy Award for Best Original Song for Three 6 Mafia's \"It's Hard out Here for a Pimp.\" Howard was nominated for Best Actor.
/m/0gr42	The Academy Award for Visual Effects is an Academy Award given for the best achievement in visual effects.
/m/0bkg4	Brian Harold May CBE is an English musician, singer, songwriter and astrophysicist who achieved international fame as the lead guitarist of the rock band Queen. He uses a home-built guitar, called the \"Red Special\". Queen's albums include numerous May compositions, including \"Tie Your Mother Down\", \"I Want It All\", \"We Will Rock You\", \"Fat Bottomed Girls\" and \"Who Wants to Live Forever\".\nHe was appointed a Commander of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire in 2005 for \"services to the music industry and for charity work\". May attained a Ph.D in astrophysics from Imperial College in 2007 and was Chancellor of Liverpool John Moores University from 2008 to 2013. He resides in Windlesham, Surrey. He is an active animal rights advocate and was appointed a vice-president of animal welfare charity the RSPCA in September 2012.\nIn 2005, a Planet Rock poll saw May voted the 7th greatest guitarist of all time. He was ranked at No. 26 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the \"100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time\". In 2012, May was ranked the 2nd greatest guitarist of all time by a Guitar World magazine readers poll.
/m/01dhjz	Keith Jarrett is an American pianist and composer who performs both jazz and classical music.\nJarrett started his career with Art Blakey, moving on to play with Charles Lloyd and Miles Davis. Since the early 1970s he has enjoyed a great deal of success as a group leader and a solo performer in jazz, jazz fusion, and classical music. His improvisations draw from the traditions of jazz and other genres, especially Western classical music, gospel, blues, and ethnic folk music.\nIn 2003, Jarrett received the Polar Music Prize, the first recipient not to share the prize with a co-recipient, and in 2004 he received the Léonie Sonning Music Prize.\nIn 2008, he was inducted into the Down Beat Hall of Fame in the magazine's 73rd Annual Readers' Poll.
/m/0mmp3	Industrial music is a style of experimental music that draws on transgressive and provocative themes. The term was coined in the mid-1970s with the founding of Industrial Records by the band Throbbing Gristle, and the creation of the slogan \"industrial music for industrial people\". In general, the style is harsh and challenging. Allmusic defines industrial as the \"most abrasive and aggressive fusion of rock and electronic music\"; \"initially a blend of avant-garde electronics experiments and punk provocation\".\nThe first industrial artists experimented with noise and aesthetically controversial topics, musically and visually, such as fascism, serial killers and the occult. Their production was not limited to music, but included mail art, performance art, installation pieces and other art forms. Prominent industrial musicians include Throbbing Gristle, SPK, Boyd Rice, Cabaret Voltaire, and Z'EV. The precursors that influenced the development of the genre included acts such as electronic group Kraftwerk, experimental rock acts such as The Velvet Underground and Frank Zappa, psychedelic rock artists such as Jimi Hendrix, and composers such as John Cage. Musicians also cite writers such as William S. Burroughs, and philosophers such as Friedrich Nietzsche as influences.
/m/03x1s8	Alabama State University, founded 1867, is a historically black university located in Montgomery, Alabama. ASU is a member-school of the Thurgood Marshall College Fund.
/m/03cfjg	John Martin \"Marty\" Stuart is an American country music singer-songwriter, known for both his traditional style, and eclectic merging of rockabilly, honky tonk, and traditional country music. In the early 1990s, he had a successful string of country hits.
/m/03zm00	El Salvador's national fútbol team represents El Salvador in international football and is sanctioned by the Federación Salvadoreña de Fútbol. In 1899, Santa Ana and San Salvador met for the first hosted football game in El Salvador. El Salvador's national football team's first match was in September 1921, when they were invited to participate in a tournament to celebrate 100 years of Central American Independence.\nEl Salvador has made two FIFA World Cup appearances: first in 1970 and again in 1982, but have never progressed beyond the first group stage of a finals tournament. They were the 1943 CCCF champions, and finished in second-place in the 1941 and 1961 championships. They have competed in the CONCACAF regional tournaments fourteen times, finishing as runners-up in 1963 and 1981. La Selecta also competes in the biennial UNCAF Nations Cup, the Pan American Games, the Olympics, and have achieved two gold medals in the Central American and Caribbean Games.\nThe Estadio Cuscatlán, also known as \"El Coloso de Montserrat\" and \"La Catedral del Espectáculo\", is the official home stadium of the El Salvador national football team. Since 2008, the national team has had a kit sponsorship contract with England based supplier Mitre. As of March 2012, Raúl Díaz Arce is the top-scorer with 39 goals, while Alfredo Pacheco has the record of being the most capped Salvadoran player with 87 appearances. The El Salvador national football team has presented itself with 47 managers in total.
/m/037mjv	Inverness Caledonian Thistle Football Club are a Scottish football club from Inverness who compete in the Scottish Premiership. They are currently managed by John Hughes and his assistant, Russell Latapy.\nCaledonian Thistle F.C. were formed in August 1994 following the merger of Caledonian and Inverness Thistle, both members of the Highland Football League. The new club was formed with their target being an application for one of the two vacancies in the Scottish Football League, created when the league restructured in 1994 to four divisions of ten teams each.\nThey were successful and were elected to the Scottish Third Division along with Highland derby rivals Ross County. The club's name was amended to Inverness Caledonian Thistle F.C. in 1996 at the request of Inverness District Council, who had contributed £900,000 towards the development of Caledonian Stadium.\nTheir home ground, Tulloch Caledonian Stadium, is situated beside the Moray Firth, in the shadow of the Kessock Bridge. Its construction was promised in their election to the Scottish Football League, with the former ground of Caledonian, Telford Street, being used until it was complete.
/m/010m55	McLean is an affluent, unincorporated community and census-designated place in Fairfax County in Northern Virginia. The community had a total population of 48,115 as of the 2010 census. ZIP code 22102 in McLean is the most expensive ZIP code in the Washington metropolitan area.\nMcLean is home to many diplomats, members of Congress, and high-ranking government officials partially due to its proximity to Washington, D.C. and the Central Intelligence Agency. It is the location of Hickory Hill, the former home of Ethel Kennedy, the widow of Robert F. Kennedy. It is also the location of Salona, the former home of Light-Horse Harry Lee, the Revolutionary War hero.\nLocated between the George Washington Parkway and the town of Vienna, the area is known for its many upscale homes, as well as for its high-end shopping, such as at the nearby Tysons Corner Center and Tysons Galleria.
/m/033hn8	Epic Records is an American record label owned by Sony Music Entertainment. Originally conceived as a jazz imprint in 1953, it has since expanded to represent various genres. Today, the company is one of three main flagship labels for Sony Music, with the other two being Columbia Records and RCA Records.
/m/026_s_	Merge Records is an independent record label based in Durham, North Carolina. It was founded in 1989 by Laura Ballance and Mac McCaughan. It began as a way to release music from their band Superchunk and music created by friends, and has expanded to include artists from around the world and records reaching the top of the Billboard music charts.
/m/0wzm	Astrology consists of several systems of divination based on the premise that there is a relationship between astronomical phenomena and events in the human world. Many cultures have attached importance to astronomical events, and the Indians, Chinese, and Mayans developed elaborate systems for predicting terrestrial events from celestial observations. In the West, astrology most often consists of a system of horoscopes that claim to explain aspects of a person's personality and predict future events in their life based on the positions of the sun, moon, and other celestial objects at the time of their birth.\nAstrology has been dated to at least the 2nd millennium BCE, with roots in calendrical systems used to predict seasonal shifts and to interpret celestial cycles as signs of divine communications. A form of astrology was practised in the first dynasty of Mesopotamia. Chinese astrology was elaborated in the Zhou dynasty. Hellenistic astrology after 332 BCE mixed Babylonian astrology with Egyptian Decanic astrology in Alexandria, creating horoscopic astrology. Alexander the Great's conquest of Asia allowed astrology to spread to Ancient Greece and Rome. In Rome, astrology was associated with 'Chaldean wisdom'. After the conquest of Alexandria in the 7th century, astrology was taken up by Islamic scholars, and Hellenistic texts were translated into Arabic and Persian. In the 12th century, Arabic texts were imported to Europe and translated into Latin, helping to initiate the European Renaissance, when major astronomers including Tycho Brahe, Johannes Kepler and Galileo practised as court astrologers. Astrological references appear in literature in the works of poets such as Dante Alighieri and Geoffrey Chaucer, and of playwrights such as Christopher Marlowe and William Shakespeare.
/m/02sgy	An electric guitar is a guitar that uses a pickup to convert the vibration of its strings into electrical impulses. The most common guitar pickup uses the principle of direct electromagnetic induction. The signal generated by an electric guitar is too weak to drive a loudspeaker, so it is amplified before sending it to a loudspeaker. Since the output of an electric guitar is an electric signal, the signal may easily be altered using electronic circuits to add \"color\" to the sound. Often the signal is modified using effects such as reverb and distortion.\nInvented in 1931, the electric guitar became a necessity as jazz musicians sought to amplify their sound in the big band format. During the 1950s and 1960s, the electric guitar became the most important instrument in pop music. It has evolved into a stringed musical instrument that is capable of a multitude of sounds and styles. It served as a major component in the development of rock and roll and many other genres of music.
/m/016hjr	The Continental Army was formed after the outbreak of the American Revolutionary War by the colonies that became the United States of America. Established by a resolution of the Continental Congress on June 14, 1775, it was created to coordinate the military efforts of the Thirteen Colonies in their revolt against the rule of Great Britain. The Continental Army was supplemented by local militias and other troops that remained under control of the individual states. General George Washington was the commander-in-chief of the army throughout the war.\nMost of the Continental Army was disbanded in 1783 after the Treaty of Paris ended the war. The 1st and 2nd Regiments went on to form the nucleus of the Legion of the United States in 1792 under General Anthony Wayne. This became the foundation of the United States Army in 1796.
/m/06_vpyq	Aaron Staton is an American actor, best known for his role as Ken Cosgrove in Mad Men and his role as Cole Phelps in the video game L.A. Noire.
/m/0m2gz	Litchfield County is a county located in the northwestern corner of the U.S. state of Connecticut. Litchfield County has the lowest population density of any county in Connecticut and is geographically the state's largest county. As of the 2010 United States Census, the population was 189,927. It is part of the New York-Newark-Bridgeport Combined Statistical Area.\nAs is the case with all eight counties in Connecticut, there is no county government; there is no county seat: in Connecticut, each town is responsible for all local services such as schools, snow removal, sewers, fire department and police departments. However, in some cases in rural areas, adjoining towns may agree to jointly provide services or even establish a joint school system.
/m/03mfnf	Young-adult fiction or young adult literature, also juvenile fiction, is fiction written, published, or marketed to adolescents and young adults, although recent studies show that 55% of young-adult fiction is purchased by readers over 18 years of age. The Young Adult Library Services Association of the American Library Association defines a young adult as someone between the ages of twelve and eighteen. Authors and readers of young adult novels often define the genre as literature as traditionally written for ages ranging from sixteen years up to the age of twenty-five, while Teen Fiction is written for the ages of ten and to fifteen. The terms young-adult novel, juvenile novel, young-adult book, etc. refer to the works in the YA category.\nYA literature shares the following fundamental elements of the fiction genre: character, plot, setting, theme, and style. However, theme and style are often subordinated to the more tangible elements of plot, setting, and character, which appeal more readily to younger readers. The vast majority of YA stories portray an adolescent, rather than an adult or child, as the protagonist.\nThe subject matter and story lines of YA literature are typically consistent with the age and experience of the main character, but, beyond that, YA stories span the spectrum of fiction genres. Themes in YA stories often focus on the challenges of youth, sometimes referred to as problem novels or coming-of-age novels. Writing styles of YA stories range widely, from the richness of literary style to the clarity and speed of the unobtrusive and free verse.
/m/02t1cp	William Forsythe is an American actor.
/m/027kp3	Fordham University is a private, nonprofit, coeducational research university based in New York City, United States. It was founded by the Catholic Diocese of New York in 1841 as St. John's College, placed in the care of the Society of Jesus shortly thereafter, and has since become an independent institution under a lay board of trustees, which describes the University as \"in the Jesuit tradition.\"\nFordham is composed of ten constituent colleges, four of which are for undergraduates and six of which are for postgraduates. It enrolls approximately 15,000 students across three campuses in New York State: Rose Hill in the Bronx, Lincoln Center in Manhattan, and Westchester in West Harrison. In addition to these campuses, the University maintains a study abroad center in the United Kingdom and field offices in Spain and South Africa. Fordham awards the Bachelor of Arts, Bachelor of Science, and Bachelor of Fine Arts degrees, as well as various master's and doctoral degrees.\nThe 2013 edition of U.S. News and World Report lists Fordham as a \"more selective\" national university and ranks it 57th in this category. In a 1962 article entitled \"Best Catholic Colleges,\" Time Magazine included Fordham as one of 7 members of the \"Catholic Ivy League.\"
/m/05tr7	Palau, officially the Republic of Palau, is an island country located in the western Pacific Ocean. It is geographically part of the larger island group of Micronesia. The country's population of around 21,000 is spread across 250 islands forming the western chain of the Caroline Islands. The most populous island is Koror. The islands share maritime boundaries with Indonesia, the Philippines, and the Federated States of Micronesia. The capital Ngerulmud is located in Melekeok State on the nearby island of Babeldaob.\nThe country was originally settled around 3,000 years ago by migrants from the Philippines and sustained a Negrito population until around 900 years ago. The islands were first visited by Europeans in the 18th century, and were made part of the Spanish East Indies in 1885. Following Spain's defeat in the Spanish–American War in 1898, the islands were sold to Imperial Germany in 1899 under the terms of the German–Spanish Treaty, where they were administered as part of German New Guinea. The Imperial Japanese Navy conquered Palau during World War I, and the islands were later made a part of the Japanese-ruled South Pacific Mandate by the League of Nations. During World War II, skirmishes, including the major Battle of Peleliu, were fought between American and Japanese troops as part of the Mariana and Palau Islands campaign. Along with other Pacific Islands, Palau was made a part of the United States-governed Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands in 1947. Having voted against joining the Federated States of Micronesia in 1979, the islands gained full sovereignty in 1994 under a Compact of Free Association with the United States.
/m/0djd22	A medical drama is a television program, in which events center upon a hospital, an ambulance staff, or any medical environment.\nIn the United States, most medical episodes are one hour long and set in a hospital. Most current medical Dramatic programming go beyond the events pertaining to the characters' jobs and portray some aspects of their personal lives. A typical medical drama might have a storyline in which two doctors fall in love.\nCommunications theorist Marshall McLuhan, in his 1964 work on the nature of media, predicted a big success of this particular genre on TV, because such medium \"creates an obsession with bodily welfare\".
/m/07wtc	The University of Durham, is a collegiate research university in Durham, North East England. It was founded by an Act of Parliament in 1832 and granted a Royal Charter in 1837. It was one of the first universities to open in England for more than 600 years and has a claim towards being the third oldest university in England.\nDurham University has a unique estate, which includes 63 listed buildings, ranging from the 11th-century Castle to a 1930s Art Deco Chapel. The university also owns and manages the World Heritage Site in partnership with Durham Cathedral. The university's ownership of the World Heritage Site includes Durham Castle, Palace Green, and the surrounding buildings including the historic Cosin's Library.\nAs a collegiate university, its main functions are divided between the academic departments of the university and 16 colleges. In general, the departments perform research and provide lectures to students, while the colleges are responsible for the domestic arrangements and welfare of undergraduate students, graduate students, post-doctoral researchers and some university staff.
/m/034b6k	The Mask of Zorro is a 1998 American swashbuckler film based on the Zorro character created by Johnston McCulley. It was directed by Martin Campbell and stars Antonio Banderas and Anthony Hopkins. In the story, the original Zorro escapes from prison to find his long-lost daughter and avenge the death of his wife against the corrupt governor. He is aided by his successor, who also pursues his own vendetta.\nSteven Spielberg's Amblin Entertainment had developed the film for TriStar Pictures with directors Mikael Salomon and Robert Rodriguez before Campbell signed on in 1996. Salomon cast Sean Connery as Don Diego de la Vega, while Rodriguez brought Banderas in the lead role. Connery dropped out and was replaced with Hopkins, and The Mask of Zorro began filming in January 1997 at Estudios Churubusco in Mexico City, Mexico. The film was released in the United States on July 17, 1998 with both financial and critical success. The Legend of Zorro, a sequel also starring Banderas and Zeta-Jones, and directed by Campbell, was released in 2005, but failed to receive the overall positive reception of its predecessor.
/m/0bxxzb	I Spy is a 2002 American spy comedy film starring Eddie Murphy and Owen Wilson. The film was directed by Betty Thomas, and based on the television series of the same name that aired in the 1960s and starred Robert Culp and Bill Cosby.
/m/01xyt7	Thomas Edward Patrick \"Tom\" Brady, Jr. is an American football quarterback for the New England Patriots of the National Football League. After playing college football for the University of Michigan, Brady was drafted by the Patriots in the sixth round of the 2000 NFL Draft.\nIn Brady's eleven seasons as a starter, the Patriots have earned five trips to the Super Bowl, winning three. He has also won two Super Bowl MVP awards, has been selected to nine Pro Bowls, and formerly held the NFL record for the most touchdown passes in a single regular season. His career postseason record is 18–8; his playoff win total is the highest in NFL history. He also helped set the record for the longest consecutive win streak in NFL history with 21 straight wins over two seasons, and in 2007 he led the Patriots to the first undefeated regular season since the institution of the 16-game schedule. Brady has the sixth highest career passer rating of all time among quarterbacks with at least 1,500 career passing attempts. In 2012, Brady became the first quarterback in NFL history to lead his team to 10 division titles.\nBrady and Joe Montana are the only two players in NFL history to win the NFL Most Valuable Player and Super Bowl MVP awards multiple times. Brady and John Elway are the only two quarterbacks to lead their teams to five Super Bowls. He was also named the NFL MVP in 2007 and 2010 as well as 2007 Male Athlete of the Year by the Associated Press, the first time an NFL player has been so honored since Joe Montana won the award in 1990. After the 2010 season, Brady was ranked as the best player in the NFL.
/m/03m6zs	Football Club Zenit, also known as Zenit Saint Petersburg, is a Russian football club from the city of Saint Petersburg. Founded in 1925, the club plays in the Russian Premier League. Zenit were the 2007, 2010 and 2011–12 champions of the Russian Premier League and the winners of both the 2007–08 UEFA Cup and the 2008 UEFA Super Cup.
/m/0hgxh	Jaundice is a yellowish pigmentation of the skin, the conjunctival membranes over the sclerae, and other mucous membranes caused by hyperbilirubinemia. This hyperbilirubinemia subsequently causes increased levels of bilirubin in the extracellular fluid. Concentration of bilirubin in blood plasma is normally below 1.2 mg/dL. A concentration higher than 2.5 mg/dL leads to jaundice. The term jaundice comes from the French word jaune, meaning yellow.\nJaundice is often seen in liver disease such as hepatitis or liver cancer. It may also indicate leptospirosis or obstruction of the biliary tract, for example by gallstones or pancreatic cancer, or less commonly be congenital in origin.\nYellow discoloration of the skin, especially on the palms and the soles, but not of the sclera and mucous membranes is due to carotenemia—a harmless condition important to differentiate from jaundice.
/m/0qt85	Hot Springs is the eleventh-largest city in Arkansas and the county seat of Garland County. The city is located deep within the Ouachita Mountains among the U.S. Interior Highlands, and is set among several natural hot springs for which the city is named. The center of Hot Springs is the oldest federal reserve in the United States, today preserved as Hot Springs National Park. The perceived healing properties of the hot spring water were discovered centuries ago, and the waters were legendary among several Native American tribes. Following federal protection in 1832, the city developed into a successful spa town. Incorporated in January 10, 1851, the city has been home to Major League Baseball spring training, illegal gambling, speakeasies and gangsters such as Al Capone, horse racing at Oaklawn Park, the Army and Navy Hospital, and 42nd President Bill Clinton. The city contains a population of 35,193 according to the 2010 United States Census.\nToday, much of Hot Springs's history is preserved by various government entities. Hot Springs National Park is maintained by the National Park Service, including Bathhouse Row, which preserves the eight historic bathhouse buildings and gardens along Central Avenue. Downtown Hot Springs is preserved as Hot Springs Central Avenue Historic District, listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The city also contains dozens of historic hotels and motor courts, built during the Great Depression in the art deco style. Due to the popularity of the thermal waters, Hot Springs benefited from rapid growth during a period when many cities saw a sharp decline in building; much like Miami's art deco districts. As a result, Hot Spring's architecture is a key part of the city's blend of cultures; including a reputation as a tourist town and a Southern city. Also a destination for the arts, Hot Springs features the Hot Springs Music Festival, Hot Springs Documentary Film Festival, and the Valley of the Vapors Independent Music Festival annually.
/m/02xv8m	Oliver James Platt is an American actor. He starred in the Showtime original series, The Big C with Laura Linney.
/m/01y3v	The Chicago Bears are a professional American football team based in Chicago, Illinois. They are members of the North Division of the National Football Conference in the National Football League. The Bears have won nine NFL Championships. The Bears hold the NFL record for the most enshrinees in the Pro Football Hall of Fame, with 27 members, and the most retired jersey numbers. The Bears have also recorded more regular season and overall victories than any other NFL franchise. The franchise recorded its 700th win on November 18, 2010.\nThe franchise was founded in Decatur, Illinois, in 1919, and moved to Chicago in 1921. Along with the Arizona Cardinals, it is one of only two remaining franchises from the NFL's founding. The team played home games at Wrigley Field on Chicago's North Side through the 1970 season. With the exception of the 2002 season, they have played their home games at Chicago's Soldier Field every year since 1971. The stadium is located next to Lake Michigan, and during the 2002 season, it was remodeled in a modernization intended to update stadium amenities while preserving a historic Chicago structure. The team has a storied, long-standing rivalry with the Green Bay Packers, whom they have played 186 times. The Bears currently hold the edge in head-to-head matchups with a record of 93–88–6. The two teams have only met each other twice in the postseason. The Bears won in 1941 and the Packers won in 2011.
/m/07jmgz	Deven Varma is an Indian film and television actor, particularly known for his comic roles, with directors like Basu Chatterji, Hrishikesh Mukherjee and Gulzar. He has also produced and directed some films including Besharam. He has won Filmfare Best Comedian Award for Chori Mera Kaam, Chor Ke Ghar Chor and Angoor, the last being directed by Gulzar and still considered one of Bollywood's best comedies.\nBorn on 23 October 1937, and brought up in Pune, he studied at the Nowrosjee Wadia College for Arts and Science, graduating with Honours in Politics and Sociology. He is married to Rupa Ganguly, daughter of late veteran Bollywood actor, Ashok Kumar and sister of Preeti Ganguly.\nApart from Hindi films, Deven Varma acted in couple of Marathi and Bhojpuri films.
/m/02qvdc	The centre in ice hockey is a forward position of a player whose primary zone of play is the middle of the ice, away from the side boards. Centres have more flexibility in their positioning and are expected to cover more ice surface than any other player. Centres are ideally stronger, faster skaters who can back check quickly from deep in the opposing zone. Generally, centres are expected to be gifted passers more so than goal scorers, although there are exceptions. They are also expected to have exceptional \"ice vision\", intelligence, and creativity. They also generally are the most defensively oriented forwards on the ice. Centres usually play as part of a line of players that are substituted frequently to keep fresh and keep the game moving. First-liners are usually the top players, although some top players make the second line to allow for offensive scoring opportunities.
/m/0c53zb	The 26th Academy Awards honored the best in films of 1953.\nThe second national telecast of the Awards show drew an estimated 43 million viewers. Shirley Booth, appearing in a play in Philadelphia, presented the Best Actor award through a live broadcast cut-in, and privately received the winner's name over the telephone from co-host Donald O'Connor. Gary Cooper filmed his presentation of the Best Actress award in advance on a set in Mexico, with O'Connor announcing the winner's name.\nAll the major winners in this year were black-and-white films. The big winner was Fred Zinnemann's From Here to Eternity, with thirteen nominations and eight awards including Best Picture, Best Supporting Actor, Best Supporting Actress, Best Director, Best Screenplay, Best Cinematography, Best Sound, and Best Film Editing. All five of its major actors and actresses were nominated, with secondary players Donna Reed and Frank Sinatra taking home Oscars. The candid film was based on James Jones' controversial, best-selling novel about Army life on a Hawaiian military base just prior to the Pearl Harbor attack and World War II, illustrating the conflict between an individualistic private and rigid institutional authority. Its achievement of eight awards matched the then record held by Gone with the Wind. The record would be tied again the following year by On the Waterfront.
/m/01ppdy	The PEN/Faulkner Award for Fiction is awarded annually by the PEN/Faulkner Foundation to the authors of the year's best works of fiction by living American citizens. The winner receives US $15,000 and each of four runners-up receives US $5000. Finalists read from their works at the presentation ceremony in the Great Hall of the Folger Shakespeare Library in Washington, D.C.. The organization claims it to be \"the largest peer-juried award in the country.\" The award was first given in 1981.\nThe PEN/Faulkner Foundation is an outgrowth of William Faulkner's generosity in using his 1949 Nobel Prize winnings to create the William Faulkner Foundation; among the charitable goals of the foundation was \"to establish a fund to support and encourage new fiction writers.\" The foundation's first award for a \"notable first novel,\" called the William Faulkner Foundation Award, was granted to John Knowles's A Separate Peace in 1961. The foundation was dissolved after 1970.\nMary Lee Settle was one of the founders of the PEN/Faulkner award after controversy at the 1979 National Book Award, when PEN voted a boycott on the ground that they were too commercial. It is affiliated with the writers' organization International PEN.
/m/029g_vk	Telecommunication is communication at a distance by technological means, particularly through electrical signals or electromagnetic waves. Due to the many different technologies involved, the word is often used in a plural form, as telecommunications.\nEarly telecommunication technologies included visual signals, such as beacons, smoke signals, semaphore telegraphs, signal flags, and optical heliographs. Other examples of pre-modern telecommunications include audio messages such as coded drumbeats, lung-blown horns, and loud whistles. Electrical and electromagnetic telecommunication technologies include telegraph, telephone, and teleprinter, networks, radio, microwave transmission, fiber optics, communications satellites and the Internet.\nA revolution in wireless telecommunications began in the 1900s with pioneering developments in radio communications by Guglielmo Marconi. Marconi won the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1909 for his efforts. Other highly notable pioneering inventors and developers in the field of electrical and electronic telecommunications include Charles Wheatstone and Samuel Morse, Alexander Graham Bell, Edwin Armstrong, and Lee de Forest, as well as John Logie Baird and Philo Farnsworth.
/m/0tbr	An antibacterial is an agent that either kills bacteria or inhibits their growth. The term is often used as a synonym for antibiotic. However, with an increased knowledge of pathogens, the term antibiotics has come to be used to denote a broader range of antimicrobial compounds, including anti-fungal and other compounds. Antibacterials are different from disinfectants, which are less selective substances used to destroy microorganisms.\nThe term antibiotic was first used in 1942 by Selman Waksman and his collaborators in journal articles to describe any substance produced by a microorganism that is antagonistic to the growth of other microorganisms in high dilution. This definition excluded substances that kill bacteria but that are not produced by microorganisms. It also excluded synthetic antibacterial compounds such as the sulfonamides. Many antibacterial compounds are relatively small molecules with a molecular weight of less than 2000 atomic mass units.\nWith advances in medicinal chemistry, most of today's antibacterials are semisynthetic modifications of various natural compounds. These include, for example, the beta-lactam antibiotics, which include the penicillins, the cephalosporins, and the carbapenems. Compounds that are still isolated from living organisms are the aminoglycosides, whereas other antibacterials—for example, the sulfonamides, the quinolones, and the oxazolidinones—are produced solely by chemical synthesis. In accordance with this, many antibacterial compounds are classified on the basis of chemical/biosynthetic origin into natural, semisynthetic, and synthetic. Another classification system is based on biological activity; in this classification, antibacterials are divided into two broad groups according to their biological effect on microorganisms: Bactericidal agents kill bacteria, and bacteriostatic agents slow down or stall bacterial growth.
/m/04njml	The Tony Award for Best Original Score is the Tony Award given to the composers and lyricists of the best original score written for a musical in that year. The score consists of music and lyrics. To be eligible, a score must be written specifically for the theatre and must be original; compilations of non-theatrical music or compilations of earlier theatrical music are not eligible for consideration.\nThe award has undergone a number of minor changes. In 1947, 1950, 1951, and 1962, the award went to the composer only. Otherwise, the award has gone to the composer and lyricist for their combined contributions, except for 1971 when the two awards were split.\nIn only five years have non-musical plays been nominated for Tony Awards in this category: Much Ado About Nothing in 1973, The Song of Jacob Zulu in 1993,Twelfth Night nominated in 1999, in 2010, Enron and Fences and in 2012, Peter and the Starcatcher and One Man, Two Guvnors.\nIn 2013, Cyndi Lauper became the first woman to win the award solo for Kinky Boots
/m/0bbc17	Gross out describes a movement in art, which aims to shock the audience with controversial material such as toilet humour or nudity.
/m/052p7	Montreal is a city in the Canadian province of Quebec. It is the largest city in the province, the second-largest in Canada and the fifteenth-largest in North America. Originally called Ville-Marie, or \"City of Mary\", it is named after Mount Royal, the triple-peaked hill located in the heart of the city. The city is located on the Island of Montreal, which took its name from the same source as the city, and a few much smaller peripheral islands, the largest of which is Île Bizard.\nAs of 2011, the city of Montreal had a population of 1,649,519. Montreal's metropolitan area had a population of 3,824,221 and a population of 1,886,481 in the urban agglomeration of Montreal, all of the municipalities on the Island of Montreal included.\nFrench is the city's official language and is also the language spoken at home by 56.9% of the population in the city of Montreal proper, followed by English at 18.6% and 19.8% other languages. In the larger Montreal Census Metropolitan Area, 67.9% of the population speaks French at home, compared to 16.5% who speak English. 56% of the population are able to speak both English and French, making Montreal one of the most bilingual cities in Quebec and Canada. Montreal is the second largest primarily French-speaking city in the world, after Paris.
/m/0k611	The Academy Award for Film Editing is one of the annual awards of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. Nominations for this award are closely correlated with the Academy Award for Best Picture. Since 1981, every film selected as Best Picture has also been nominated for the Film Editing Oscar, and about two thirds of the Best Picture winners have also won for Film Editing. Only the principal, \"above the line\" editor as listed in the film's credits are named on the award; additional editors, supervising editors, etc. are not generally eligible. The nominations for this Academy Award are determined by a ballot of the members of the Editing Branch of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences; there were 233 members of the Editing Branch in 2008. The members may vote for up to five of the eligible films in the order of their preference; the five films with the largest vote totals are selected as nominees. The Academy Award itself is selected from the nominated films by a subsequent ballot of all active and life members of the Academy. This process is essentially the reverse of that of the British Academy of Film and Television Arts; nominations for the BAFTA Award for Best Editing are done by a general ballot of Academy voters, and the winner is selected by members of the editing chapter.
/m/01y3c	The Carolina Panthers are a professional American football team based in Charlotte, North Carolina. They play in the southern division of the National Football Conference, one of the two conferences in the National Football League. The team is worth approximately USD $1 billion, according to Forbes, and is controlled by Jerry Richardson and his family; they have a 48% stake. The remainder of the team is held by a group of 14 limited partners. The head coach is Ron Rivera, while the president is Danny Morrison.\nThe Panthers first competed in 1995 and fared well in their first two years, finishing 7–9 in 1995 and 12–4 in 1996. They did not have another winning season until 2003, when the team won the NFC Championship Game and reached Super Bowl XXXVIII, losing 32–29 to the New England Patriots. After recording playoff appearances in 2005 and 2008, the team failed to record another playoff appearance until 2013, when they finished with a 12–4 record and won the NFC South. The Panthers have made the playoffs five times, reaching the NFC Championship Game in three of them. They have won four division titles, one of them in the NFC West and three of them in the NFC South; they have qualified for the playoffs five times.
/m/0k345	The avant-garde are people or works that are experimental or innovative, particularly with respect to art, culture, and politics.\nThe avant-garde pushes the boundaries of what is accepted as the norm or the status quo, primarily in the cultural realm. The avant-garde is considered by some to be a hallmark of modernism, as distinct from postmodernism. Many artists have aligned themselves with the avant-garde movement and still continue to do so, tracing a history from Dada through the Situationists to postmodern artists such as the Language poets around 1981.\nThe avant-garde also promotes radical social reforms. It was this meaning that was evoked by the Saint Simonian Olinde Rodrigues in his essay \"L'artiste, le savant et l'industriel\", which contains the first recorded use of \"avant-garde\" in its now customary sense: there, Rodrigues calls on artists to \"serve as [the people's] avant-garde\", insisting that \"the power of the arts is indeed the most immediate and fastest way\" to social, political and economic reform.
/m/03j149k	Clifford Smith, better known by his stage name Method Man, is an American hip hop recording artist, record producer and actor from Staten Island, New York City, New York. He took his stage name from the 1979 film The Fearless Young Boxer, also known as Method Man. Method Man is perhaps best known as a member of the East Coast hip hop collective Wu-Tang Clan. He is also one half of the hip hop duo Method Man & Redman. In 1996, he won a Grammy Award for Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group, for \"I'll Be There for You/You're All I Need to Get By\", with American R&B singer-songwriter Mary J. Blige.\nMethod Man has appeared in the motion pictures Belly, How High, Garden State, and has had minor roles in The Wackness and Venom and Red Tails. On television, he and frequent collaborator, fellow East Coast rapper Redman, co-starred on the short-lived Fox sitcom Method & Red. Method Man has also had a recurring role on HBO's Oz, as Tug Daniels, and as Calvin \"Cheese\" Wagstaff on the HBO drama series The Wire.\nIn 2007, the writers of About.com placed him on their list of the Top 50 MCs of Our Time. In 2012, The Source placed him on their list of the Top 50 Lyricists of All Time.
/m/0gy9d4	FC Khimki is a Russian association football club based in Khimki.
/m/0n83s	Showgirls is a 1995 French-American drama film directed by Paul Verhoeven and starring former teen actress Elizabeth Berkley, Kyle MacLachlan, and Gina Gershon. The film centers on a \"street-smart\" drifter who ventures to Las Vegas and climbs the seedy hierarchy from stripper to showgirl.\nProduced on a then-sizable budget of approximately $45 million, significant controversy and hype surrounding the film's amounts of sex and nudity preceded its theatrical release. In the United States, the film was rated NC-17 for \"nudity and erotic sexuality throughout, some graphic language and sexual violence.\" Showgirls was the first NC-17 rated film to be given a wide release in mainstream theaters. Distributor United Artists dispatched several hundred staffers to theaters across North America playing Showgirls in order to ensure that patrons would not be sneaking into the theater from other films, and to make sure the film-goers were over the age of 17. Audience restriction due to the NC-17 rating coupled with the extremely poor reviews the film received resulted in a box office take of slightly less than $38 million.\nDespite a poor theatrical and critical consensus, Showgirls enjoyed success on the home video market, generating more than $100 million from video rentals allowing the film to turn a healthy profit and became one of MGM's top 20 all-time bestsellers. For its video premiere, Verhoeven prepared an R-rated cut for rental outlets that would not carry NC-17 films. This edited version runs 3 minutes shorter and deletes some of the more graphic footage. Despite being consistently ranked as one of the worst films ever made, Showgirls has become regarded as a cult classic and was released on Blu-ray in June 2010.
/m/01s0l0	Salman Khan is an Indian actor, producer, television presenter, and philanthropist. He is the son of actor and screenwriter Salim Khan, Khan began his acting career with Biwi Ho To Aisi but it was his second film Maine Pyar Kiya in which he acted in a lead role that garnered him the Filmfare Award for Best Male Debut. Khan has starred in several commercially successful films, such as Saajan, Hum Aapke Hain Koun..!, Karan Arjun, Judwaa, Pyar Kiya To Darna Kya, Biwi No.1, and Hum Saath Saath Hain, having appeared in the highest grossing film nine separate years during his career, a record that remains unbroken.\nIn 1999, Khan won the Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actor for his extended guest appearance in Kuch Kuch Hota Hai. In 2011, he won the Screen Award for Best Actor for his performance in Dabangg and in 2013, he won the Best Actor Popular Choice for his performances in Ek Tha Tiger and Dabangg 2. Eight of the films he has acted in, have accumulated gross earnings of over 1 billion worldwide. He played leading roles in five consecutive blockbusters namely Dabangg, Ready, Bodyguard, Ek Tha Tiger, and Dabangg 2. He has starred in more than 80 Hindi films and thus far has established himself as a leading actor of Hindi cinema.
/m/0sx8l	The 1980 Winter Olympics, officially known as the XIII Olympic Winter Games, was a multi-sport event which was celebrated from February 13, through February 24, 1980 in Lake Placid, New York, United States of America. This was the second time the Upstate New York village hosted the Games, after 1932. The only other candidate city to bid for the Games was Vancouver-Garibaldi, British Columbia, Canada; which withdrew before the final vote.\nThe mascots of the Games were \"Roni\" and \"Ronny\", two raccoons. The mask-like rings on a raccoon's face recall the goggles and hats worn by many athletes in winter sports.\nThe sports were played at the Olympic Center, Whiteface Mountain, Mt. Van Hoevenberg Olympic Bobsled Run, the Olympic Ski Jumps, the Cascade Cross Country Ski Center, and the Lake Placid High School Speed Skating Oval.
/m/07jxpf	Jarhead is a 2005 biographical drama war film based on U.S. Marine Anthony Swofford's 2003 memoir of the same name, directed by Sam Mendes, starring Jake Gyllenhaal as Swofford with Jamie Foxx, Peter Sarsgaard, and Chris Cooper. The title comes from the slang term used to refer to U.S. Marines.
/m/063tn	Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky, often anglicised as Peter Ilyich Tchaikovsky, was a Russian composer whose works included symphonies, concertos, operas, ballets, chamber music, and a choral setting of the Russian Orthodox Divine Liturgy. Some of these are among the most popular theatrical music in the classical repertoire. He was the first Russian composer whose music made a lasting impression internationally, which he bolstered with appearances as a guest conductor later in his career in Europe and the United States. One of these appearances was at the inaugural concert of Carnegie Hall in New York City in 1891. Tchaikovsky was honored in 1884 by Emperor Alexander III, and awarded a lifetime pension in the late 1880s.\nAlthough musically precocious, Tchaikovsky was educated for a career as a civil servant. There was scant opportunity for a musical career in Russia at that time, and no system of public music education. When an opportunity for such an education arose, he entered the nascent Saint Petersburg Conservatory, from which he graduated in 1865. The formal Western-oriented teaching he received there set him apart from composers of the contemporary nationalist movement embodied by the Russian composers of The Five, with whom his professional relationship was mixed. Tchaikovsky's training set him on a path to reconcile what he had learned with the native musical practices to which he had been exposed from childhood. From this reconciliation, he forged a personal but unmistakably Russian style—a task that did not prove easy. The principles that governed melody, harmony and other fundamentals of Russian music ran completely counter to those that governed Western European music; this seemed to defeat the potential for using Russian music in large-scale Western composition or from forming a composite style, and it caused personal antipathies that dented Tchaikovsky's self-confidence. Russian culture exhibited a split personality, with its native and adopted elements having drifted apart increasingly since the time of Peter the Great, and this resulted in uncertainty among the intelligentsia of the country's national identity.
/m/0fkhz	Otsego County is a county located in the U.S. state of New York. As of the 2010 census, the population was 62,259. The county seat is Cooperstown. The name Otsego is from a Mohawk word meaning \"place of the rock.\"
/m/0b_4z	Cybill Lynne Shepherd is an American actress, singer and former model. Her better known roles include starring as Jacy in The Last Picture Show, as Kelly in The Heartbreak Kid, as Betsy in Taxi Driver, as Maddie Hayes in Moonlighting, as Cybill Sheridan in Cybill, as Phyllis Kroll in The L Word and as Madeleine Spencer in Psych.
/m/0511f	Mac OS is a series of graphical user interface-based operating systems developed by Apple Inc. for their Macintosh line of computer systems. The original version was the integral and unnamed system software first introduced in 1984 with the original Macintosh, and referred to simply as the \"System\" software. The System was renamed to Mac OS in 1996 with version 7.6. The System is credited with popularizing the graphical user interface concept.\nMacintosh operating systems have been released in two major series. Up to major revision 9, from 1984 to 2000, it is historically known as Classic Mac OS. Major revision 10, from 2001 to present, has had the brand name of Mac OS X, later changing to only OS X. Both series share a general interface design and some shared application frameworks for compatibility, but also have deeply different architectures.
/m/026g801	Donald Sumpter is a British actor. He has appeared in film and television since the mid-1960s.
/m/0x27b	A turn-based strategy game is a strategy game where players take turns when playing. This is distinguished from real time strategy where all players play simultaneously.
/m/01m3dv	The Landgraviate of Hesse-Kassel, known as Hesse-Cassel during its existence, was a state in the Holy Roman Empire under Imperial immediacy that came into existence when the Landgraviate of Hesse was divided in 1567 upon the death of Philip I, Landgrave of Hesse.\nHis eldest son William IV inherited the northern half and the capital of Kassel. The other sons received the Landgraviate of Hesse-Marburg, the Landgraviate of Hesse-Rheinfels and the Landgraviate of Hesse-Darmstadt.\nThe Landgrave of Hesse-Kassel was elevated to the Electorate of Hesse and Landgrave William IX was elevated to Imperial Elector during the reorganization of the Empire in 1803, in the midst of the Napoleonic wars, and later occupied by French troops and became part of the Kingdom of Westphalia, which was a French satellite state.
/m/05z96	A poet is a person who writes poetry. A poet's work can be literal, meaning that his work is derived from a specific event, or metaphorical, meaning that his work can take on many meanings and forms. Poets have existed since antiquity, in nearly all languages, and have produced works that vary greatly in different cultures and time periods. Throughout each civilization and language, poets have used various styles that have changed through the course of literary history, resulting in a history of poets as diverse as the literature they have produced.\nThe English word \"poet\" is derived from the French poète, itself descended from the Latin first-declension masculine noun poeta, meaning \"poet\". The word \"poetry\" derives from the Latin feminine noun poetria, meaning not \"poetry\" but \"poetess\".\nFrench poet Arthur Rimbaud summarized the \"poet\" by writing:\n\"A poet makes himself a visionary through a long, boundless, and systematized disorganization of all the senses. All forms of love, of suffering, of madness; he searches himself, he exhausts within himself all poisons, and preserves their quintessences. Unspeakable torment, where he will need the greatest faith, a superhuman strength, where he becomes all men: the great invalid, the great criminal, the great accursed—and the Supreme Scientist! For he attains the unknown! Because he has cultivated his soul, already rich, more than anyone! He attains the unknown, and, if demented, he finally loses the understanding of his visions, he will at least have seen them! So what if he is destroyed in his ecstatic flight through things unheard of, unnameable: other horrible workers will come; they will begin at the horizons where the first one has fallen!\"
/m/0326tc	Steven John Wilson is an English musician and producer, best known as the founder, lead guitarist, singer and songwriter of progressive rock band Porcupine Tree. As well as Porcupine Tree, he has been involved in several other musical projects and a solo career.\nWilson is a self-taught producer, audio engineer, guitar and keyboard player, playing other instruments as and where required.\nHe used to split his living time between London and Tel Aviv, Israel, but no longer holds a permanent residence in the latter.
/m/01pl9g	Rita Hayworth was an American dancer and film actress who achieved fame during the 1940s as one of the era's top stars. Appearing first as Rita Cansino, she agreed to change her name to Rita Hayworth and her natural dark brown hair color to dark red to attract a greater range of roles. Her appeal led to her being featured on the cover of Life magazine five times, beginning in 1940.\nHayworth appeared in a total of 61 films over 37 years. She is one of six women who have the distinction of having danced on screen with both Fred Astaire and Gene Kelly. She is listed by the American Film Institute as one of the 100 Greatest Stars of All Time.
/m/0z1l8	Portsmouth is a city in the U.S. state of Ohio and the county seat of Scioto County. The municipality is located on the northern banks of the Ohio River and east of the Scioto River in Southern Ohio. The population was 20,226 at the 2010 census.
/m/0qy5v	Chico is the most populous city in Butte County, California, United States. The population was 86,187 at the 2010 census, up from 59,954 at the time of the 2000 census. The city is a cultural, economic, and educational center of the northern Sacramento Valley and home to both California State University, Chico and Bidwell Park, one of the country's 25 largest municipal parks and the 13th largest municipally-owned park. Bidwell Park makes up over 17% of the city.\nOther cities in close proximity to the Chico Metropolitan Area include Paradise and Oroville, while local towns and villages include Durham, Cohasset, Dayton, Hamilton City, Nord, and Forest Ranch. The Chico Metropolitan Area is the 14th largest Metropolitan Statistical Area in California.\nThe nickname \"City of Roses\" appears on the Seal of the City of Chico, California. Chico, also known as the \"City of Trees\", has been designated a Tree City USA for 27 years by the National Arbor Day Foundation.
/m/0180mw	ER is an American medical drama television series created by novelist Michael Crichton that aired on NBC from September 19, 1994 to April 2, 2009. It was produced by Constant c Productions and Amblin Entertainment, in association with Warner Bros. Television. ER follows the inner life of the emergency room of fictional County General Hospital in Chicago, Illinois, and various critical issues faced by the room's physicians and staff. The show ran for 15 seasons with a total of 331 episodes, becoming the longest-running primetime medical drama in American television history. It won 23 Emmy Awards, including the 1996 Outstanding Drama Series award, and received 124 Emmy nominations, which makes it the most nominated drama program in history. ER won 116 awards in total, including the Peabody Award, while the cast earned four Screen Actors Guild Awards for Outstanding Ensemble Performance in a Drama Series.
/m/0c0tzp	George James Hopkins, was a set designer, playwright and production designer.\nA native of Pasadena, California, Hopkins got his start designing scenery on stage after studying design in college. He moved to films in 1917, working as an art director for various studios. During his long career, Hopkins had been nominated for the Oscars thirteen times.
/m/0202wk	Sutton Coldfield is a town that forms an affluent middle class suburb in the city of Birmingham. in the West Midlands of England. It lies about 8 miles northeast of Birmingham City Centre and borders Erdington, Streetly, North Warwickshire, Lichfield, Tamworth, Kingstanding and Castle Vale. In 2001, it had a population of 105,000.\nHistorically in Warwickshire, it became part of Birmingham and the West Midlands in 1974.
/m/06lc85	Αnorthosis Famagusta FC, known as Anorthosis, is a Cypriot First Division football, Futsal and volleyball club. Originally based in Famagusta, the club is now based in Larnaca, due to the Cyprus dispute.\nAnorthosis was founded in 1911 in Famagusta and in 1934 became one of the founder clubs of the Cyprus Football Association. Their home ground is the Antonis Papadopoulos Stadium, the current president of the club is Christos Poullaides and the coach is Jorge Costa.\nOne of the most successful clubs in Cypriot football, Anorthosis has won 13 First division titles, 10 Cypriot Cups and 7 Super Cups. Anorthosis is one of three Cypriot clubs never to have played in the second division.
/m/03915c	The Hamilton Tiger-Cats are a professional Canadian football team based in Hamilton, Ontario, founded in 1950 with the merger of the Hamilton Tigers and the Hamilton Wildcats. They are currently members of the East Division of the Canadian Football League. The Tiger-Cats played their 2013 home games at Alumni Stadium in Guelph, Ontario. Ivor Wynne Stadium, their home since the 1950 merger, closed after the team's last home game of 2012 to prepare for its demolition and replacement, which is scheduled to open in July 2014. On July 12, 2013, it was announced that Tim Hortons had acquired the naming rights to the new stadium, which will be known as Tim Hortons Field.\nSince the 1950 merger, the team has won the Grey Cup championship eight times, most recently in 1999. The Hamilton Tiger-Cats Football Club also recognizes all Grey Cups won by Hamilton-based teams as part of their history, which would bring their win total to 15. However, the CFL does not recognize these wins under one franchise, rather as the individual franchises that won them. If one includes their historical lineage, Hamilton football clubs won league championships in every decade of the 20th century, a feat matched by only two other North American franchise in professional sports, the Triple-A Rochester Red Wings of the International League, and the Montreal Canadiens of the NHL. None of these teams won a championship in the first decade of the 21st century.
/m/0pmn7	Porto is the second-largest city in Portugal, after Lisbon, and one of the major urban areas in Southern Europe and the capital of the second major great urban area in Portugal. Its administrative limits include a population of 237,584 inhabitants distributed within 15 civil parishes. The urban area of Porto, which extends beyond the administrative limits of the city, has a population of 1.3 million in an area of 389 km², making it the second-largest urban area in Portugal. The Porto Metropolitan Area includes an estimated 2 million people. It is recognized as a Gamma- level global city by the Globalization and World Cities Study Group, being one of five cities on the Iberian Peninsula with global city status,.\nLocated along the Douro river estuary in northern Portugal, Porto is one of the oldest European centres, and registered as a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1996. Its settlement dates back many centuries, when it was an outpost of the Roman Empire. Its Latin name, Portus Cale, has been referred to as the origin for the name \"Portugal\", based on transliteration and oral evolution from Latin. In Portuguese the name of the city is spelled with a definite article as \"o Porto\". Consequently, its English name evolved from a misinterpretation of the oral pronunciation and referred to as \"Oporto\" in modern literature and by many speakers.
/m/02qd04y	The Warlords, previously known as The Blood Brothers, is a 2007 epic war film directed by Peter Chan and starring Jet Li, Andy Lau, Takeshi Kaneshiro and Xu Jinglei. The film was released on December 13, 2007 simultaneously in most of Asia, except Japan. The film is set in the 1860s, during the Taiping Rebellion in the late Qing Dynasty in China and centers on the sworn brotherhood of three men.
/m/029kpy	Amritsar historically also known as Rāmdāspur and colloquially as Ambarsar, is a city in north-western part in India. It is the spiritual centre for the Sikh religion and the administrative headquarters of the Amritsar district in the state of Punjab.\nIt is home to the Harmandir Sahib, the spiritual and cultural center for the Sikh religion. This important Sikh shrine attracts more visitors than the Taj Mahal with more than 100,000 visitors on week days alone and is the most popular destination for Non-resident Indians in the whole of India. The city also houses the Sikh temporal and political authority, Akal Takht, as well as the Sikh Parliament.\nThe 2011 Indian census reported the population of the city to be 1,132,761. Amritsar is situated 217 kilometres northwest of state capital Chandigarh. Amritsar is situated near Pakistan with the Wagah border only being 28 km to the west with the nearest city Lahore, the second largest city in Pakistan being only located 50 km away.\nThe main commercial activities include tourism, carpets and fabrics, farm produce, handicrafts, service trades, and light engineering. The city is known for its rich cuisine and culture, and for the tragic incident of Jallianwala Bagh massacre in 1919 under British Rule. Amritsar is home to Central Khalsa Orphanage, which was once a home to Udham Singh, a prominent figure in the Indian independence movement.
/m/02clgg	Wayne Eliot Knight is an American actor, comedian, and voice actor best known for his roles as Newman in the TV sitcom Seinfeld and Officer Don Orville in 3rd Rock from the Sun. His other prominent roles include Dennis Nedry in Jurassic Park, Stan Podolak in Space Jam, Al McWhiggin in Toy Story 2, Tantor in Tarzan, Zack Mallozzi in Rat Race, Mr. Blik in Catscratch, and Haskell Lutz in The Exes.
/m/06szd3	The Television Academy Hall of Fame was founded by a former president of the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences, John H. Mitchell, to honor individuals who have made extraordinary contributions to television.\nIn the words of the selection committee, the Hall of Fame is for \"persons who have made outstanding contributions in the arts, sciences or management of television, based upon either cumulative contributions and achievements or a singular contribution or achievement.\" Mitchell remained the chair of the Hall of Fame until his death in January 1988. He was succeeded by Edgar Scherick, who in turn passed the reins to Norman Lear.\nThe first ceremony in 1984 celebrated the careers of Lucille Ball, Milton Berle, Paddy Chayefsky, Norman Lear, Edward R. Murrow, William S. Paley and David Sarnoff. The honorees received glass statuettes in the form of two ballet dancers that were created by sculptor and painter Pascal to reflect the self-discipline required in all facets of the arts. Since 1988, inductees have brought home an award in the form of a crystal television screen atop a cast-bronze base. The new awards were designed by art director Romain Johnston.\nFive or more new inductees are announced every year or two. All inductees have been individuals or pairs with the exception of the series I Love Lucy in 1990.
/m/06zdt7	PFC Botеv Plovdiv, or simply Botev, is the oldest continuously existing Bulgarian association football club. The team currently competes in A Football Group, the top division of the Bulgarian football league system. The club was founded on 12 March 1912 by a group of students. Botev is based in Plovdiv and its home ground, the Hristo Botev Stadium, is located in the residential quarter of Kamenitza and has a capacity of 18,000 spectators.\nThe club is named as Botev in honor of the Bulgarian national hero Hristo Botev. The club's home colours are yellow and black.\nThe Canaries are two-time champions of A Group and have won the Bulgarian Cup two times. Also, in the Bulgarian top championship, Botev have been vice-champion twice and have finished third on the league table ten times. As for the Bulgarian Cup tournament, the team has reached the final ten times. In the years before A Group was created, the club is a six-time champion of Plovdiv. Internationally Botev has reached the Cup Winners' Cup quarter-finals once and has won the Balkans Cup once. The club is a four-time winner of the Trimontzium Cup. The club won the Interleague-86 Cup.
/m/0dkb83	FC Kuban is a Russian football club based in Krasnodar. In 2011 the team began playing in the Russian Premier League after having won the Russian First Division in 2010.\nFC Kuban is one of the oldest football clubs in Russia, leading its history since the founding team Dynamo in Krasnodar NKVD, then repeatedly changing institutional affiliation because of political expediency in the USSR.\nAll members of the club and the fans are called kubantsy, or yellow-green.\nAlso among a large part of the fans the club's popular name is Cossacks. In addition, there are several informal names associated with the club's colours: The Canaries, and The Toads.
/m/016_v3	Southern hip hop, also known as Southern rap, South coast hip hop or Dirty South, is a blanket term for a subgenre of American hip hop music that emerged in the Southern United States, especially in New Orleans, Houston, Atlanta, Memphis and Miami.\nThe music was a reaction to the 1980s flow of hip hop culture from New York City and the Los Angeles area, and can be considered a third major American hip hop genre, after East Coast hip hop and West Coast hip hop. Many early Southern rap artists released their music independently or on mixtapes after encountering difficulty securing record-label contracts in the 1990s. By the early 2000s, many Southern artists had attained national success, and as the decade went on, both mainstream and underground varieties of Southern hip-hop became among the most popular and influential of the entire genre.
/m/0dgst_d	My Week with Marilyn is a 2011 British drama film directed by Simon Curtis and written by Adrian Hodges. It stars Michelle Williams, Kenneth Branagh, Eddie Redmayne, Dominic Cooper, Julia Ormond, Emma Watson and Judi Dench. Based on two books by Colin Clark, it depicts the making of the 1957 film The Prince and the Showgirl, which starred Marilyn Monroe and Laurence Olivier. The film focuses on the week in which Monroe spent time being escorted around London by Clark, after her husband, Arthur Miller, had left the country.\nPrincipal photography began on 4 October 2010 at Pinewood Studios. Filming took place at Saltwood Castle, White Waltham Airfield and on locations in and around London. Curtis also used the same studio in which Monroe shot The Prince and the Showgirl in 1956. My Week with Marilyn had its world premiere at the New York Film Festival on 9 October 2011 and was shown at the Mill Valley Film Festival two days later. The film was released on 23 November 2011 in the United States and 25 November in the United Kingdom. For her portrayal of Monroe, Williams was awarded the Golden Globe for Best Actress in a Musical or Comedy Motion Picture. She also earned Best Actress nominations from the Academy Awards and British Academy Film Awards.
/m/01mmslz	Debbie Reynolds is an American actress, singer, and dancer.\nInitially signed at age sixteen by Warner Bros., Reynolds' career got off to a slow start. When her contract was not renewed, Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer gave her a small but significant part in the film Three Little Words starring Fred Astaire and Red Skelton, then signed her to a seven-year contract. In her next film, Two Weeks with Love, she had a hit with the song \"Aba Daba Honeymoon\". However, it was her first leading role, in Singin' in the Rain with Gene Kelly and Donald O'Connor, that set her on the path to fame. By the mid-1950s, she was a major star.\nOther notable successes include Tammy and the Bachelor, in which her rendering of the song \"Tammy\" reached number one on the music charts; a major role opposite Gregory Peck in the Cinerama episodic ensemble Western How the West Was Won; and The Unsinkable Molly Brown, a biographical film about the famously boisterous Titanic shipwreck survivor, for which she received a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actress. She continues to perform successfully on stage, television and film to the present day.\nReynolds's first marriage, to popular singer Eddie Fisher, produced a son, author/host producer Todd Fisher, and a daughter, actress/author Carrie Fisher, but ended in divorce in 1959 when Fisher fell in love with Reynolds's former friend Elizabeth Taylor. Reynolds's second and third marriages also ended in divorce, each time ruining her financially.
/m/09jg8	Hepatitis is a medical condition defined by the inflammation of the liver and characterized by the presence of inflammatory cells in the tissue of the organ. The name is from the Greek hepar, the root being hepat-, meaning liver, and suffix -itis, meaning \"inflammation\". The condition can be self-limiting or can progress to fibrosis and cirrhosis.\nHepatitis may occur with limited or no symptoms, but often leads to jaundice, anorexia and malaise. Hepatitis is acute when it lasts less than six months and chronic when it persists longer. Worldwide, hepatitis viruses are the most common cause of the condition, but hepatitis can be caused by other infections, toxic substances, and autoimmune diseases.
/m/033db3	Corbin Dean Bernsen is an American actor and director, known for his work on television. He is best known for his roles as divorce attorney Arnold Becker on the NBC drama series L.A. Law, as Dr. Alan Feinstone in The Dentist, as retired police detective Henry Spencer on the USA Network comedy-drama series Psych, and as Roger Dorn in the films Major League, Major League II, and Major League: Back to the Minors. He has also appeared regularly on other shows, including General Hospital and Cuts.
/m/0gsy3b	Sex comedy or more broadly sexual comedy is a genre in which comedy is motivated by sexual situations and love affairs. Although \"sex comedy\" is primarily a description of dramatic forms such as theatre and film, literary works such as those of Ovid and Chaucer may be considered sex comedies.\nSex comedy was popular in 17th century English Restoration theatre. In the 1970s the genre experienced a resurgence with the Carry On series of movies in the United Kingdom. An American example is A Midsummer Night's Sex Comedy, the Woody Allen adaptation of Shakespeare's A Midsummer Night's Dream. The British films range from comic softcore pornographic films like the Confessions series to relatively innocent comedies that include jokes about sex and other sexual related humour, like the Carry On films.
/m/04j6dg	Club Sporting Cristal is a Peruvian football team. Based in the Rímac District, in the department of Lima, it plays in the professional league known as the Peruvian First Division. Sporting Cristal has won the league title 16 times, and it is the Peruvian team with the third most National titles. All its titles have been won in the professional era.\nIt is one of the most popular football teams in Peru, along with Universitario de Deportes and Alianza Lima; it is the youngest of the three. In 1997, it became the second Peruvian football club to reach the final of the Copa Libertadores, an international competition.\nSporting Cristal plays home games at the Estadio Alberto Gallardo, but they also play at the Estadio Nacional. They also use the Estadio Nacional when playing international competitions, such as Copa Libertadores.
/m/01cky2	The Grammy Award for Best R&B Song has been awarded since 1969. From 1969 to 2000 it was known as the Grammy Award for Best Rhythm & Blues Song. Years reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were presented, for music released in the previous year. Five songwriters have won this award three times, Beyoncé, Babyface, Stevie Wonder, Bill Withers and Alicia Keys.\nThe Grammy is awarded to the songwriter of the winning song, not to the performing artist.
/m/06bzwt	David Bowditch Morse is an American actor, singer, director, and writer. He first came to national attention as Dr. Jack Morrison in the medical drama series St. Elsewhere from 1982 to 1988. He continued his film career with roles in Dancer in the Dark, The Indian Runner, The Negotiator, Contact, The Green Mile, Disturbia, The Long Kiss Goodnight, The Crossing Guard, The Rock, Extreme Measures, 12 Monkeys, 16 Blocks, and Hounddog.\nIn 2006, Morse had a recurring role as Detective Michael Tritter on the medical drama series House, for which he received an Emmy Award nomination. He portrayed George Washington in the 2008 HBO miniseries John Adams, which garnered him a second Emmy nomination. He has also received acclaim for his portrayal of Uncle Peck on the Off-Broadway play How I Learned to Drive, earning a Drama Desk Award and Obie Award. He had success on Broadway too, portraying James \"Sharky\" Harkin in The Seafarer. From 2010 to 2013, he portrayed Terry Colson, an honest police officer in a corrupt New Orleans police department, on the HBO series Treme.
/m/0ckr7s	Sailor Moon R: The Movie is the first of three theatrically released Sailor Moon films. Its full name in Japanese, Pretty Soldier Sailor Moon R The Movie, became Sailor Moon R the Movie: Promise of the Rose in the English-language dub. The film debuted in Japanese theaters on December 5, 1993 and Pioneer Entertainment released it in the United States on February 8, 2000. It takes its name from the second arc of the Sailor Moon anime, Sailor Moon R, as Toei Company distributed it around the same time. The events portrayed seem to take place somewhere in the very end of the series, as Chibiusa knows about the identities of the Sailor Senshi, knows that Usagi is her mother and is still around, the characters are in the present rather than the future, and Mamoru and Usagi are back together.
/m/034bs	Eric Arthur Blair (25 June 1903 21 January 1950), better known by his psuedonymGeorge Orwell, was an English author. His work is marked by a profound conscientiousness of social injustice, an intense dislike of totalitarianism, and a passion for clarity in language.His two most popular works are 1984 and Animal Farm.
/m/02ztjwg	Hungarian is the official language of Hungary and one of the 24 official languages of the European Union. Outside Hungary it is also spoken by communities of Hungarian people in neighboring countries—especially in Romania, Slovakia, Serbia and Ukraine—and by Hungarian diaspora communities worldwide. Like Finnish and Estonian, it belongs to the Uralic language family, and is one of only a few of the languages of Europe that are not part of the Indo-European family.\nThe Hungarian name for the language is magyar or magyar nyelv. The word \"Magyar\" is also occasionally used as an English word to refer to Hungarian people as an ethnic group, or to the language.
/m/01tp5bj	Robert James Smith is an English musician. He is the lead singer, guitarist, lyricist and principal songwriter of the rock band The Cure, and its only constant member since its formation in 1976. NY Rock describes him as \"pop culture's unkempt poster child of doom and gloom,\" and asserts that some of his songs are a \"somber introspection over lush, brooding guitars.\" Smith's guitar-playing and use of flanging, chorusing and phasing effects put him among the forefront of the gothic rock and new wave genres. He also played guitar in the band Siouxsie and the Banshees. Smith is a multi-instrumentalist, known for his unique stage look, such as teased hair, smudged makeup, and his distinctive voice.
/m/026dd2b	Gary Tomlin is an American soap opera actor, writer, producer and director.
/m/06dfg	Rwanda, officially the Republic of Rwanda, is a sovereign state in central and east Africa. Located a few degrees south of the Equator, Rwanda is bordered by Uganda, Tanzania, Burundi and the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Situated in the African Great Lakes region, Rwanda is highly elevated; its geography is dominated by mountains in the west and savanna to the east, with numerous lakes throughout the country. The climate of the country is temperate to subtropical, with two rainy seasons and two dry seasons each year.\nThe population is young and predominantly rural, with a density among the highest in Africa. Rwandans form three groups: the Hutu, Tutsi and Twa. The Twa are a forest-dwelling pygmy people descend from Rwanda's earliest inhabitants. Scholars disagree on the origins of and differences between the Hutu and Tutsi; some believe they are derived from former social castes, while others view them as being races or tribes. Christianity is the largest religion in the country, the principal language is Kinyarwanda, spoken by most Rwandans, with French and English as official languages. Rwanda has a presidential system of government. The president is Paul Kagame of the Rwandan Patriotic Front, who took office in 2000. Rwanda today has low corruption compared with neighbouring countries, although human rights organisations report suppression of opposition groups, intimidation and restrictions on freedom of speech. The country has been governed by a strict administrative hierarchy since precolonial times; there are five provinces delineated by borders drawn in 2006. Rwanda has the world's highest proportion of females in government positions in proportion to the population.
/m/032dg7	Hollywood Pictures was one of the production labels of the The Walt Disney Studios, a division of The Walt Disney Company. Similar to Disney's Touchstone and former Miramax and Dimension film labels, it produced films for a more mature adult audience than Walt Disney Pictures.
/m/02dk5q	State schools generally refer to primary or secondary schools mandated for or offered to all children without charge, funded in whole or in part by taxation. The term may also refer to public institutions of post-secondary education.
/m/03b04g	Sporting Clube de Portugal OM ComM MH IH, commonly referred to as Sporting CP or Sporting and colloquially known as Sporting Lisbon outside of Portugal, is a Portuguese multi-sports club based in Portugal's capital city of Lisbon. Although they successfully compete in a number of different sports, Sporting is best known for its association football team.\nFounded in Lisbon on 1 July 1906, it is one of the \"Três Grandes\" football clubs in Portugal. With more than 100,000 registered club members, its teams, athletes and supporters are often nicknamed Leões by its fans.\nDuring the first century of the club's existence, the teams and the athletes of Sporting won three Olympic gold medals, as well as many silver and bronze medals and thousands of national and district titles.\nDuring the founding period, José Alvalade made known his wish to transform Sporting into a \"....big Club, as big as the biggest in Europe.\" Daring to clear pathways in a time when, in Portugal, sports were still activities in their developmental stages and having mainly elitist characteristics, the first \"Sportinguistas\" managed to found what became the present day successful Sporting Clube de Portugal. Sporting has more than three million fans on all continents with up to 300 supporters' clubs, offices, and delegations, as well as more than 150,000 affiliates.
/m/0c1xm	Dakar is the capital and largest city of Senegal.\nIt is located on the Cap-Vert Peninsula on the Atlantic coast and is the westernmost city on the African mainland. Its position, on the western edge of Africa, is an advantageous departure point for trans-Atlantic and European trade; this fact aided its growth into a major regional port.\nAccording to December 31, 2005 official estimates, the city of Dakar proper has a population of 1,030,594, whereas the population of the Dakar metropolitan area is estimated at 2.45 million people.\nDakar is a major administrative centre, home to the National Assembly of Senegal and Senegal's President's Palace.
/m/01dtq1	Quito, formally San Francisco de Quito, is the capital city of Ecuador, and at an elevation of 9,350 feet, it is the highest capital city in the world housing the administrative, legislative and judicial functions. It is located in north-central Ecuador in the Guayllabamba river basin, on the eastern slopes of Pichincha, an active stratovolcano in the Andes mountains. With a population of 2,239,191 according to the last census, Quito is the second most populous city in Ecuador, after Guayaquil. It is also the capital of the Pichincha province and the seat of the Metropolitan District of Quito. The canton recorded a population of 1,842,201 residents in the 2001 national census. In 2008, the city was designated as the headquarters of the Union of South American Nations.\nThe historic center of Quito has one of the largest, least-altered and best-preserved historic centers in the Americas. Quito, along with Kraków, were the first World Cultural Heritage Sites declared by UNESCO in 1978. The central square of Quito is located about 25 kilometres south of the equator; the city itself extends to within about 1 kilometre of zero latitude. A monument and museum marking the general location of the equator is known locally as la mitad del mundo, to avoid confusion, as the word ecuador is Spanish for equator.
/m/0m40d	Traditional pop music consists of Western popular music that generally predates the advent of rock and roll in the mid-1950s.
/m/03h502k	Brian Hugh Warner, better known by his stage name Marilyn Manson, is an American musician, songwriter, actor, painter, multimedia artist and former music journalist known for his controversial stage personality and image as the eponymous lead singer of the band Marilyn Manson, of which he is the founder and only constant member. His stage name was formed by juxtaposing the names of two American cultural icons, namely actress Marilyn Monroe and Manson Family leader Charles Manson.\nHe is perhaps best known for his songs and albums released in the 1990s, such as 1996's Antichrist Superstar and 1998's Mechanical Animals, which along with his public image earned him a reputation in the mainstream media as a controversial figure and a seemingly negative influence on young people. Manson has been ranked number 44 in the Top 100 Heavy Metal Vocalists by Hit Parader, and has been nominated for four Grammy Awards.
/m/0448r	John Milton was an English poet, polemicist, man of letters, and a civil servant for the Commonwealth of England under Oliver Cromwell. He wrote at a time of religious flux and political upheaval, and is best known for his epic poem Paradise Lost, written in blank verse.\nMilton's poetry and prose reflect deep personal convictions, a passion for freedom and self-determination, and the urgent issues and political turbulence of his day. Writing in English, Latin, Greek, and Italian, he achieved international renown within his lifetime, and his celebrated Areopagitica —written in condemnation of pre-publication censorship—is among history's most influential and impassioned defenses of free speech and freedom of the press.\nWilliam Hayley's 1796 biography called him the \"greatest English author,\" and he remains generally regarded \"as one of the preeminent writers in the English language,\" though critical reception has oscillated in the centuries since his death. Samuel Johnson praised Paradise Lost as \"a poem which...with respect to design may claim the first place, and with respect to performance, the second, among the productions of the human mind,\" though he described Milton's politics as those of an \"acrimonious and surly republican\".
/m/0291ck	Young Frankenstein is a 1974 American comedy film directed by Mel Brooks and starring Gene Wilder as the title character, a descendant of the infamous Dr. Victor Frankenstein. The supporting cast includes Teri Garr, Cloris Leachman, Marty Feldman, Peter Boyle, Madeline Kahn, Kenneth Mars, Richard Haydn and Gene Hackman. The screenplay was written by Wilder and Brooks.\nThe film is an affectionate parody of the classical horror film genre, in particular the various film adaptations of Mary Shelley's novel Frankenstein produced by Universal in the 1930s. Most of the lab equipment used as props were created by Kenneth Strickfaden for the 1931 film Frankenstein. To further reflect the atmosphere of the earlier films, Brooks shot the picture entirely in black-and-white, a rarity in the 1970s, and employed 1930s-style opening credits and scene transitions such as iris outs, wipes, and fades to black. The film also features a notable period score by Brooks' longtime composer John Morris.\nA critical favorite and box office smash, Young Frankenstein ranks No. 28 on Total Film magazine's \"List of the 50 Greatest Comedy Films of All Time\", number 56 on Bravo TV's list of the \"100 Funniest Movies\", and number 13 on the American Film Institute's list of the 100 funniest American movies. In 2003, it was deemed \"culturally, historically or aesthetically significant\" by the United States National Film Preservation Board, and selected for preservation in the Library of Congress National Film Registry. It also has 94% on Rotten Tomatoes, where it was Certified Fresh; the consensus reads: \"Made with obvious affection for the original, Young Frankenstein is a riotously silly spoof featuring a fantastic performance by Gene Wilder.\"
/m/0bcndz	The King and I is a 1956 musical film made by 20th Century Fox, directed by Walter Lang and produced by Charles Brackett and Darryl F. Zanuck. The screenplay by Ernest Lehman is based on the Richard Rodgers and Oscar Hammerstein II musical The King and I, based in turn on the book Anna and the King of Siam by Margaret Landon. The plot comes from the story written by Anna Leonowens, who became school teacher to the children of King Mongkut of Siam in the early 1860s. Leonowens' story was autobiographical, although a recent biographer has uncovered substantial inaccuracies and fabrications. An animated adaptation/remake was made in 1999.
/m/015dvh	The National Park Service is an agency of the United States federal government that manages all U.S. national parks, many American national monuments, and other conservation and historical properties with various title designations. It was created on August 25, 1916, by Congress through the National Park Service Organic Act.\nIt is an agency of the United States Department of the Interior. Most of the direct management of the NPS is delegated by the Secretary of the Interior to the National Park Service Director, who must be confirmed by the Senate.\nThe 21,989 employees of the NPS oversee 401 units, of which 59 are designated national parks.
/m/04gp58p	Rachel Getting Married is a 2008 drama film directed by Jonathan Demme, and starring Anne Hathaway, Rosemarie DeWitt, Bill Irwin and Debra Winger. The film was released in the U.S. to select theaters on October 3, 2008. The film opened the 65th Venice International Film Festival. The film also opened in Canada's Toronto Film Festival on September 6, 2008. Hathaway received an Academy Award nomination for Best Actress for her performance in the film.
/m/0hfjk	The Western is a genre of various arts, such as film, television, radio, literature, painting and others. Westerns are devoted to telling stories set primarily in the later half of the 19th century in the American Old West, hence the name. Some Westerns are set as early as the Battle of the Alamo in 1836. There are also a number of films about Western-type characters in contemporary settings, such as Junior Bonner set in the 1970s and The Three Burials of Melquiades Estrada in the 21st century.
/m/0278x6s	Brian Timothy Geraghty is an American actor, known for his role in the Academy Award-winning film The Hurt Locker, alongside Denzel Washington in the 2012 film Flight and for his recurring role in the acclaimed HBO drama series Boardwalk Empire.
/m/01wdj_	Auburn University is a public university located in Auburn, Alabama, United States. With more than 20,000 undergraduate students, and a total of over 25,000 students and 1,200 faculty members, it is one of the largest universities in the state. Auburn was chartered on February 7, 1856, as the East Alabama Male College, a private liberal arts school affiliated with the Methodist Episcopal Church, South. In 1872, the college became the state's first public land-grant university under the Morrill Act and was renamed the Agricultural and Mechanical College of Alabama. In 1892, the college became the first four-year coeducational school in the state. The curriculum at the university originally focused on arts and agriculture. This trend changed under the guidance of Dr. William Leroy Broun, who taught classics and sciences and believed both disciplines were important in the overall growth of the university and the individual. The college was renamed the Alabama Polytechnic Institute in 1899, largely because of Dr. Broun’s influence. The college continued expanding, and in 1960 its name was officially changed to Auburn University to acknowledge the varied academic programs and larger curriculum of a major university. It had been popularly known as \"Auburn\" for many years. In 1964, under Federal Court mandate AU admitted its first African American student. Auburn is among the few American universities designated as a land-grant, sea-grant, and space-grant research center.
/m/0_jws	Cranston, once known as Pawtuxet, is a city in Providence County, Rhode Island, United States. With a population of 80,387 at the 2010 census, it is the third largest city in the state. The center of population of Rhode Island is located in Cranston. Cranston is a part of the Providence metropolitan area.\nCranston was named one of the \"100 Best Places to Live\" in the United States by Money magazine in 2006. It is among the top 25 safest cities in the country, according to CQ Press's research.\nThe Town of Cranston was created in 1754 from a portion of Providence north of the Pawtuxet River. After losing much of its territory to neighboring towns and the city of Providence, Cranston itself became a city on 10 March 1910.
/m/02b14q	Cheltenham Town Football Club is an English football club playing in League Two, the fourth tier in the English football league system. Founded in 1887, the team has played at four different grounds, namely Agg-Gardner's Recreation Ground, Carter's Field and now the Abbey Business Stadium, although it is more commonly known as Whaddon Road. Their nickname is The Robins. The club appointed Mark Yates as manager on 22 December 2009.\nCheltenham have played as high as League One, the third tier of English football, and have played a total of four seasons there. Their best FA Cup run saw them reach the last 16 in 2002. The last piece of silverware won by the club was the Football Conference title in 1999, when the club attained full League status for the first time. The club is affiliated to the Gloucestershire County FA.
/m/07plts	Columbia blue, also known as Jordy blue, is a light blue tertiary color named after Columbia University. The color itself derives from the official hue of the Philolexian Society, the university's oldest student organization. The official Columbia color is Columbia blue, defined as Pantone 290.
/m/01t30j	In the Harry Potter series created by J. K. Rowling, magic is depicted as a natural force that can be used to override the usual laws of nature. Many fictional magical creatures exist in the series, while ordinary creatures sometimes exhibit new magical properties in the novels' world. Objects, too, can be enhanced or imbued with magical property. The small percentage of humans who are able to perform magic are referred to as witches and wizards, in contrast to the non-magical muggles.\nIn humans, magic or the lack thereof is an inborn attribute. It is inherited, carried on \"dominant resilient genes\". Magic is the norm in the children of magical couples and less common in those of muggles. Exceptions exist: those unable to do magic who are born to magical parents are known as squibs, whereas a witch or wizard born to muggle parents is known as a muggle-born, or by the pejorative \"mudblood\". While muggle-borns are quite common, squibs are extremely rare.
/m/01npw8	MGM Resorts International is a Paradise, Nevada based gaming and hospitality company. It is the second largest gaming company in the world by revenue—about $6 billion in 2009. It owns and operates 15 properties in Nevada, Mississippi, and Michigan, and has 50% investments in four other properties in Nevada, Illinois and Macau, China.\nThe company became MGM Mirage on May 31, 2000, with the merger of MGM Grand and Mirage Resorts. In the mid-2000s, growth of its non-gaming revenue began to outpace gaming receipts and demand for high-rise condominiums was surging, with median property prices in Las Vegas twice the national average. The company shifted its business model from fully owning and operating resorts and casinos, to being more real estate focused—launching the massive Citycenter mixed-use project. Unfortunately, the latter's development coincided with vast overbuilding on the Strip and a global financial crisis, causing large losses and writedowns in valuation.\nIn June 2010, the company changed to its present name, to reflect its latest strategy of expanding worldwide, including licensing its brand and expertise to develop non-gaming hotels and residences. Through 6 global offices of its subsidiary, MGM Resorts Hospitality, it has agreements to develop and manage nongaming Bellagio, MGM Grand and Skylofts hotels in countries such as Dubai, Abu Dhabi, India, Vietnam, Egypt and China by 2013.
/m/01w40h	Mercury Records is an American-based record label owned by Universal Music Group. In the United States, it operates through The Island Def Jam Music Group; in the UK, it is distributed by Virgin EMI Records.
/m/04192r	A chief marketing officer is a corporate executive responsible for marketing activities in an organization. Most often the position reports to the chief executive officer.
/m/04l58n	The Hartford Wolf Pack is a professional ice hockey team based in Hartford, Connecticut. A member of the American Hockey League, they play their home games at the XL Center. The team was established in 1926 as the Providence Reds. After a series of relocations, the team moved to Hartford in 1997 as the Hartford Wolf Pack. It is one of the oldest professional hockey franchises extant, and the oldest continuously operating minor-league franchise in North America.\nThe franchise was renamed the Connecticut Whale in October 2010, in honor of the former Hartford Whalers of the National Hockey League--the only team from the four major North American professional sports to be based in Connecticut-- but reverted to their current name after the 2012–13 AHL season. The Wolf Pack is the top affiliate of the NHL's New York Rangers and is one of the three professional hockey teams in Connecticut.
/m/019v67	Gaumont Film Company is a French mini-major film studio founded by the engineer-turned-inventor Léon Gaumont. It is the first and oldest continuously operating film company in the world, founded before other studios such as Pathé, founded in 1896, as well as Nordisk Film, founded in 1906, and Universal Studios and Paramount Pictures, which were both founded in 1912. Gaumont predominately produces, co-produces, and distributes films. However, the company is increasingly becoming a TV series producer with its new American subsidiary Gaumont International Television as well as its existing French production features.
/m/02_n3z	The dialogue editor is a type of sound editor who assembles, synchronises, and edits all the dialogue in a film or television production. Usually they will use the production tracks: the sound that was recorded on the set. They will smooth it out in terms of volume and equalization. If any of the production tracks are unusable they can be replaced by either alternate production tracks recorded on set or by ADR, automated dialogue replacement, which is recorded after the shoot with the actors watching their performances in a sound studio and rerecording the lines. Large productions may have an ADR editor working under the dialogue editor, but the positions are often combined. The ADR editor or dialogue editor also work with the walla group in films which they are required, providing the background chatter noise in scenes with large crowds, such as parties or restaurants.\nOnce the dialogue editor has completed the dialogue track, the re-recording mixer then mixes it with the music and sound effects tracks to produce the final soundtrack.
/m/01vsn38	Thomas Jacob \"Jack\" Black is an American actor, producer, comedian, voice artist, writer, and musician. His acting career has been extensive, starring primarily as bumbling and cocky but internally self-conscious outsiders in comedy films, though he has played some serious roles. He is best known for his roles in High Fidelity, Shallow Hal, School of Rock, King Kong, Nacho Libre, Tropic Thunder, Bernie and the Kung Fu Panda films. Black is considered a member of the so-called Frat Pack, a loose grouping of comic actors who have appeared together in various Hollywood films, and has been nominated for two Golden Globe Awards. He is the lead vocalist of the comedic rock group Tenacious D, which he formed in 1994 with friend Kyle Gass.
/m/01xcr4	Barbara Gill Walters is an American broadcast journalist, author, and television personality. She has hosted morning television shows Today and The View, the television news magazine 20/20, co-anchored the ABC Evening News, and is a contributor to ABC News.\nWalters first became known as a television personality when she was a writer and segment producer of \"womenʻs interest stories\" on the morning NBC News program The Today Show, where she began work with host Hugh Downs in 1962, once even modeling a swimsuit when an expected model did not show up. Because of her excellent interviewing ability and her popularity with the viewers, and when other women left the program, she was eventually allowed more air time. Even though her production duties made her a significant contributor to the show, she had no input in choosing a successor for Hugh Downs when he left the show in 1971. Frank McGee was hired. Although his salary was twice hers, at Frank McGeeʻs death in 1974, because of a clause added to her contract by her agent, she acquired the title \"co-host\", the first woman by that title for any network news or public affairs program. Jim Hartz became her co-host. Two years later, continuing as a pioneer for women, she became the first female co-anchor of any network evening news, working with Harry Reasoner on the ABC News flagship program ABC Evening News.
/m/05kj_	Oregon is a state in the Pacific Northwest of the United States. It is bordered on its west by the Pacific Ocean, north by Washington, south California, east Idaho, and southeast Nevada. The Columbia River delineates much of Oregon's northern boundary, the Snake River largely its eastern.\nOregon's area was inhabited by many indigenous tribes before traders, explorers, and settlers arrived. An autonomous government was formed in Oregon Country in 1843, Oregon Territory was created in 1848, and Oregon became the 33rd state on February 14, 1859.\nIt is the 9th largest and 27th most populous state. Its capital is Salem, third most populous of its cities. With 603,106 residents Portland ranks 1st in Oregon, and 28th in the U.S. Its metro population of 2,262,605 is 23rd. The Willamette River Valley in western Oregon is the state's most densely populated area, home to eight of the ten most populous cities.\nOregon's landscape is diverse, with a windswept Pacific coastline, volcano studded Cascade Mountains, abundant waterfalls, dense evergreen forests, mixed forests, and deciduous forests at lower elevations, and high desert sprawling across much of its east all the way to the Great Basin. The tall Douglas firs and redwoods along its rainy west coast contrast with the lighter timbered and fire-prone pine and juniper forests covering portions to the east. Abundant alders in the west fix nitrogen for the conifers; aspen groves are common in the east. Stretching east from central Oregon are semi-arid shrublands, prairies, deserts, steppes, and meadows. At 11,249 feet Mount Hood is the state high point, Crater Lake National Park its only national park.
/m/01vsnff	Jack White, often credited as Jack White III, is an American musician, singer-songwriter, record producer, multi-instrumentalist and occasional actor. He is best known as the vocalist, guitarist and pianist of the White Stripes which disbanded February 2011. On April 24, 2012, White released his debut solo album, Blunderbuss which received wide critical acclaim.\nHe is ranked No. 70 on Rolling Stone's list of \"The 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time\". White's popular and critical success with The White Stripes enabled him to collaborate as a solo artist with other renowned musicians, such as Beck, the Rolling Stones, Jeff Beck, Alicia Keys, Bob Dylan, Wanda Jackson, Electric Six, and Loretta Lynn, whose 2004 album Van Lear Rose he produced and performed on. In 2006, White became a founding member of the rock band the Raconteurs. In 2009, he became a founding member and drummer of his third commercially successful group, the Dead Weather. He was awarded the title of \"Nashville Music City Ambassador\" by the Nashville mayor Karl Dean in 2011.
/m/033s6	Fleetwood Mac are a British-American rock band formed in 1967 in London. Due to numerous line-up changes, the only original member present in the band is its namesake, drummer Mick Fleetwood. Although band founder Peter Green named the group by combining the surnames of two of his former bandmates from John Mayall's Bluesbreakers, bassist John McVie played neither on their first single nor at their first concerts, as he initially decided to stay with Mayall. The keyboardist, Christine McVie, who joined the band in 1970 while married to John McVie, appeared on all but the debut album, either as a member or as a session musician. She also supplied the artwork for the album Kiln House.\nThe two most successful periods for the band were during the late 1960s British blues boom, when they were led by guitarist Peter Green and achieved a UK number one with \"Albatross\"; and from 1975 to 1987, as a more pop oriented act, featuring Christine McVie, Lindsey Buckingham and Stevie Nicks. Fleetwood Mac's second album after the incorporation of Buckingham and Nicks, 1977's Rumours, produced four U.S. Top 10 singles, and remained at No.1 on the American albums chart for 31 weeks, as well as reaching the top spot in various countries around the world. To date the album has sold over 45 million copies worldwide, making it the fourth-highest-selling album of all time.
/m/0yshw	Lima is a city in and the county seat of Allen County, Ohio, United States. The municipality is located in northwestern Ohio along Interstate 75 approximately 72 miles north of Dayton and 78 miles south-southwest of Toledo.\nAs of the 2010 census, the city had a population of 38,771. It is the principal city of and is included in the Lima, Ohio Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is included in the Lima-Van Wert–Wapakoneta, Ohio Combined Statistical Area. Lima was founded in 1831.\nThe Lima Army Tank Plant, built in 1941, is the sole producer of the M1 Abrams.
/m/0dt8xq	Borat: Cultural Learnings of America for Make Benefit Glorious Nation of Kazakhstan is a 2006 British-American mockumentary comedy film directed by Larry Charles and distributed by 20th Century Fox. The film was written and produced by British comedian Sacha Baron Cohen; he also plays the title character, Borat Sagdiyev, a fictitious Kazakh journalist travelling through the United States recording real-life interactions with Americans. Much of the film features unscripted vignettes of Borat interviewing and interacting with Americans, who believes he is a foreigner with little or no understanding of American customs. It is the second of three films built around Baron Cohen's characters from Da Ali G Show. Ali G Indahouse featured a cameo by Borat, and the third film, Brüno, was released in 2009. The film is produced by Baron Cohen's production company, Four By Two Productions. \"Four By Two\" is Cockney rhyming slang for \"Jew\".\nDespite a limited initial release in the United States, the film was a critical and commercial success. Baron Cohen won the 2007 Golden Globe Award for Best Actor: Musical or Comedy, as Borat, while the film was nominated for Best Motion Picture in the same category. Borat was also nominated for Best Adapted Screenplay at the 79th Academy Awards.
/m/01w8n89	Brian Patrick Carroll, better known by his stage name Buckethead, is a guitarist and multi instrumentalist who has worked within several genres of music. He has released 80 studio albums, four special releases and one EP. He has performed on over 50 more albums by other artists. His music spans such diverse areas as progressive metal, funk, blues, jazz, bluegrass, ambient, and avant-garde music.\nBuckethead is famous for wearing a KFC bucket on his head, emblazoned with an orange bumper sticker reading FUNERAL in capital black block letters, and an expressionless plain white mask which, according to Buckethead, was inspired by his seeing Halloween 4. At one point, he changed to a plain white bucket that no longer bore the KFC logo, but subsequently reverted to his trademark KFC bucket. He also incorporates nunchaku and robot dancing into his stage performances.\nAs an instrumentalist, Buckethead has received critical acclaim for his electric guitar playing, and is considered one of today's more innovative guitarists. He has been voted number 8 on a list in GuitarOne magazine of the \"Top 10 Fastest Guitar Shredders of All Time\" as well as being included in Guitar World's lists of the \"25 all-time weirdest guitarists\" and the \"50 fastest guitarists of all time\".
/m/03xks	Insurance is the equitable transfer of the risk of a loss, from one entity to another in exchange for payment. It is a form of risk management primarily used to hedge against the risk of a contingent, uncertain loss.\nAccording to study texts of The Chartered Insurance Institute, there are the following categories of risk:\nFinancial risks which means that the risk must have financial measurement.\nPure risks which means that the risk must be real and not related to gambling\nParticular risks which means that these risks are not widespread in their effect, for example such as earthquake risk for the region prone to it.\nIt is commonly accepted that only financial, pure and particular risks are insurable.\nAn insurer, or insurance carrier, is a company selling the insurance; the insured, or policyholder, is the person or entity buying the insurance policy. The amount of money to be charged for a certain amount of insurance coverage is called the premium. Risk management, the practice of appraising and controlling risk, has evolved as a discrete field of study and practice.\nThe transaction involves the insured assuming a guaranteed and known relatively small loss in the form of payment to the insurer in exchange for the insurer's promise to compensate the insured in the case of a financial loss. The insured receives a contract, called the insurance policy, which details the conditions and circumstances under which the insured will be financially compensated.
/m/0dgshf6	The Hundred Flowers Award for Best Actress was first awarded by the China Film Association in 1962.
/m/03mghh	AEK Larnaca FC is a Cypriot professional football club from Larnaca, Cyprus. Their home ground is the GSZ stadium. The club was formed in 1994 after a merger of two Larnaca clubs, EPA Larnaca and Pezoporikos. The club has also basketball sections for men AEK Larnaca B.C. and women Petrolina AEK and a volleyball section for women.\nThe colours of the club are yellow and green and their emblem is admiral Kimon, who died at the seafront defending the city of Kition in a major battle in Cyprus at about 450 BC, in a fight against the Persians. He had told his officers to keep the news of his possible death secret. The quote \"Και Νεκρος Ενικα\" refers to Kimon.
/m/02b1cn	Dunfermline Athletic Football Club is a Scottish football team based in Dunfermline, Fife, commonly known as just Dunfermline. Founded in 1885, the club currently play in the Scottish League One, after being relegated from the Scottish Football League First Division in the 2012–2013 season. Dunfermline play at East End Park, are nicknamed The Pars and are currently managed by Jim Jefferies, who was appointed in March 2012, taking over from Jim McIntyre.\nThe Pars most successful period was in the 1960s, when the side regularly played European Football, and in addition to this, they won the Scottish Cup twice in this period.\nOn 11 April 2013, Dunfermline Athletic Football Club applied for and were granted full administration at the Court of Session in Edinburgh.
/m/03wj4r8	Cadillac Records is a 2008 musical biopic written and directed by Darnell Martin. The film explores the musical era from the early 1940s to the late 1960s, chronicling the life of the influential Chicago-based record-company executive Leonard Chess, and a few of the musicians who recorded for Chess Records.\nThe film stars Adrien Brody as Leonard Chess, Cedric the Entertainer as Willie Dixon, Mos Def as Chuck Berry, Columbus Short as Little Walter, Jeffrey Wright as Muddy Waters, Eamonn Walker as Howlin' Wolf, and Beyoncé Knowles as Etta James. The film was released in North America on December 5, 2008 by TriStar Pictures.
/m/0784z	The Six-Day War, also known as the June War, 1967 Arab–Israeli War, or Third Arab–Israeli War, was fought between June 5 and 10, 1967, by Israel and the neighboring states of Egypt, Jordan, and Syria. The war began on June 5 with Israel launching surprise strikes against Egyptian air-fields in response to the mobilisation of Egyptian forces on the Israeli border.\nA period of high tension had preceded the war. In response to PLO sabotage acts against Israeli targets, Israel raided into the Jordanian-controlled West Bank and initiated flights over Syria, which ended with aerial clashes over Syrian territory, Syrian artillery attacks against Israeli civilian settlements in the vicinity of the border followed by Israeli responses against Syrian positions in the Golan Heights and encroachments of increasing intensity and frequency into the demilitarized zones along the Syrian border, and culminating in Egypt blocking the Straits of Tiran, deploying its troops near Israel's border, and ordering the evacuation of the U.N. buffer force from the Sinai Peninsula. Within six days, Israel had won a decisive land war. Israeli forces had taken control of the Gaza Strip and the Sinai Peninsula from Egypt, the West Bank, including East Jerusalem, from Jordan, and the Golan Heights from Syria.
/m/07jrjb	Thomas Charles \"Tom\" Werner is an American television producer, screenwriter, director, and businessman. Via his investment in Fenway Sports Group, Charles serves as chairman of the Boston Red Sox and Liverpool Football Club.
/m/0421v9q	The Proposal is a 2009 American romantic comedy film set in Sitka, Alaska. Directed by Anne Fletcher and written by Peter Chiarelli, the film features Sandra Bullock and Ryan Reynolds in the leading roles, with Betty White, Mary Steenburgen, and Craig T. Nelson in supporting roles. The film was produced by Mandeville Films and released on June 19, 2009, in North America by Touchstone Pictures. The plot centers on a Canadian woman, Margaret Tate, who learns that she may face deportation charges because of her expired visa. Determined to retain her position as executive chief, Tate convinces her assistant, Andrew Paxton, to temporarily act as her fiance. Initially planning on resuming their lives after Tate resolves her visa issues, they appear to abandon those plans as their relationship intensifies.\nDevelopment on the film began in 2005, when Chiarelli wrote the film's script. Principal filming occurred over a period of two months from March to May 2008. The film received mixed reviews from critics, who disliked the script, though the performances and chemistry between Bullock and Reynolds were well received. The film was a box office success, grossing over $317 million worldwide, becoming the highest grossing romantic comedy film of 2009.
/m/0zgfm	Hillsboro is the fifth-largest city in the U.S. state of Oregon and is the county seat of Washington County. Lying in the Tualatin Valley on the west side of the Portland metropolitan area, the city hosts many high-technology companies, such as Intel, that comprise what has become known as the Silicon Forest. At the 2010 Census, the city's population was 91,611.\nFor thousands of years before the arrival of European-American settlers, the Atfalati tribe of the Kalapuya lived in the Tualatin Valley near the later site of Hillsboro. The climate, moderated by the Pacific Ocean, helped make the region suitable for fishing, hunting, food gathering, and agriculture. Settlers founded a community here in 1842, later named after David Hill, an Oregon politician. Transportation by riverboat on the Tualatin River was part of Hillsboro's settler economy. A railroad reached the area in the early 1870s and an interurban electric railway about four decades later. These railways, as well as highways, aided the slow growth of the city to about 2,000 people by 1910 and about 5,000 by 1950, before the arrival of high-tech companies in the 1980s.\nHillsboro has a council–manager government consisting of a city manager and a city council headed by a mayor. In addition to high-tech industry, sectors important to Hillsboro's economy are health care, retail sales, and agriculture, including grapes and wineries. The city operates more than twenty parks and the mixed-use Hillsboro Stadium, and nine sites in the city are listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Modes of transportation include private vehicles, public buses and light rail, and aircraft using the Hillsboro Airport. The city is home to Pacific University's Health Professions Campus. Notable residents include two Oregon governors.
/m/019dmc	Respiratory failure is inadequate gas exchange by the respiratory system, with the result that levels of arterial oxygen, carbon dioxide or both cannot be maintained within their normal ranges. A drop in blood oxygenation is known as hypoxemia; a rise in arterial carbon dioxide levels is called hypercapnia. The normal reference values are: oxygen PaO2 less than 80 mmHg, and carbon dioxide PaCO2 greater than 45 mmHg. Classification into type I or type II relates to the absence or presence of hypercapnia respectively.
/m/0ph2w	John William \"Johnny\" Carson was an American television host and comedian, known for thirty years as host of The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson. Carson received six Emmy Awards, the Governor's Award, and a 1985 Peabody Award. He was inducted into the Television Academy Hall of Fame in 1987. Johnny Carson was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1992 and received a Kennedy Center Honor in 1993.\nAlthough his show was already successful by the end of the 1960s, during the 1970s Carson became an American icon and remained so until his retirement in 1992. He adopted a casual, conversational approach with extensive interaction with guests, an approach pioneered by Arthur Godfrey and previous Tonight Show hosts Steve Allen and Jack Paar. Late-night hosts David Letterman, Jay Leno, Conan O'Brien, Craig Ferguson, and current Tonight Show host Jimmy Fallon have all cited Carson's influence on their late-night talk shows, which resemble his in format and tone.
/m/05vjt6	Club Deportivo Tenerife, S.A.D. is a Spanish football club based in Santa Cruz de Tenerife, Tenerife, in the Canary Islands. Founded in 1912, it currently plays in Segunda División, holding home matches at Estadio Heliodoro Rodríguez López, with a 24,000-seat capacity.
/m/02b149	Carlisle United F.C. is an English football club based in Carlisle, Cumbria, where they play at Brunton Park. Formed in 1904, the club currently compete in League One, the third tier of the English football league system.\nThey have won three league titles and two cup competitions in their long history. Carlisle is the smallest location, by population, to have had a resident top flight English football club since 1906. The club has reached the final of the Football League Trophy 6 times, more than any other team, winning it on two occasions in 1997 and 2011.\nThe club's traditional kit is blue with white and red detail. The badge takes elements from the city's coat of arms including two wyverns which are the regent of Cumbria.
/m/02kk_c	From the Earth to the Moon is a twelve-part HBO television miniseries co-produced by Ron Howard, Brian Grazer, Tom Hanks, and Michael Bostick, telling the story of the landmark Apollo expeditions to the Moon during the 1960s and early 1970s in docudrama format. Largely based on Andrew Chaikin's book, A Man on the Moon, the series is known for its accurate telling of the story of Apollo and the outstanding special effects under visual director Ernest D. Farino.\nThe series takes its title from, but is not based upon, the famous Jules Verne science fiction novel From the Earth to the Moon. Hanks appears in every episode, introducing each of the first eleven. The last episode is represented in a pseudo-documentary format narrated by Blythe Danner, which is interspersed with a reenactment of the making of Georges Méliès' film Le Voyage dans la Lune. Hanks narrates and appears in these scenes as Méliès' assistant.
/m/02kwcj	Fist of the North Star is a Japanese manga series written by Buronson and drawn by Tetsuo Hara that was serialized in Weekly Shōnen Jump from 1983 to 1988, spanning 245 chapters, which were initially collected in a 27-volume tankōbon edition by Shueisha. Set in a post-apocalyptic world that has been destroyed by a nuclear war, the story centers around a warrior named Kenshiro, the successor of a deadly martial art style known as Hokuto Shinken, which gives him the ability to kill most adversaries from within through the use of the human body's secret vital points, often resulting in an exceptionally violent and gory death. Kenshiro dedicates his life to fighting against the various ravagers who threaten the lives of the weak and innocent, as well as rival martial artists, including his own \"brothers\" from the same clan.\nThe manga was adapted into an anime TV series produced by Toei Animation which aired on Fuji TV affiliates from 1984 through 1988, comprising a combined total of 152 episodes. Several films, OVAs, and video games had been produced as well, including a series of spin-offs centering around other characters from the original story.\nThe original manga was republished in English by Viz Communications as a monthly comic book, and later by Gutsoon! Entertainment as a series of colorized graphic novels, although neither translations were completed. English adaptations of other Fist of the North Star media have also been licensed to other companies, including the TV series and the original 1986 film.
/m/02ywhz	The 71st Academy Awards ceremony, organized by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, honored films released in 1998 and took place on March 21, 1999, at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion in Los Angeles beginning at 5:30 p.m. PST / 8:30 p.m. EST. During the ceremony, AMPAS presented Academy Awards in 24 categories. The ceremony, televised in the United States by ABC, was produced by Gil Cates and directed by Louis J. Horvitz. Actress Whoopi Goldberg hosted the show for the third time. She first hosted the 66th ceremony held in 1994, and last hosted the 68th ceremony in 1996. Nearly a month earlier in a ceremony held at the Regent Beverly Wilshire Hotel in Beverly Hills, California on February 27, the Academy Awards for Technical Achievement were presented by host Anne Heche.\nShakespeare in Love won seven awards including Best Picture. Other winners included Saving Private Ryan with five awards, Life Is Beautiful with three, and Affliction, Bunny, Election Night, Elizabeth, Gods and Monsters, The Last Days, The Personals, The Prince of Egypt, and What Dreams May Come with one. The telecast garnered nearly 46 million viewers in the United States.
/m/06btq	Rhode Island, officially the State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, is a state in the New England region of the United States. Rhode Island is the smallest in area, the eighth least populous, but the second most densely populated of the 50 US states behind New Jersey. Rhode Island is bordered by Connecticut to the west and Massachusetts to the north and east, and it shares a water boundary with New York's Long Island to the southwest.\nRhode Island was the first of the original Thirteen Colonies to declare independence from British rule, declaring itself independent on May 4, 1776, two months before any other colony. The State was also the last of the thirteen original colonies to ratify the United States Constitution.\nRhode Island's official nickname is \"The Ocean State\", a reference to the State's geography, since Rhode Island has several large bays and inlets that amount to about 14% of its total area. Its land area is 1,045 square miles, but its total area is significantly larger.
/m/025ttz4	The University of Warsaw is the largest university in Poland, established in 1816. It employs over 6,000 staff including over 3,100 academic educators. It provides graduate courses for 56,000 students. The University offers some 37 different fields of study, and over 100 specializations in humanities, technical as well as natural sciences.
/m/062z7	Political science is a social science discipline concerned with the study of the state, nation, government, and politics and policies of government. Aristotle defined it as the study of the state. It deals extensively with the theory and practice of politics, and the analysis of political systems, political behavior, and political culture. Political scientists \"see themselves engaged in revealing the relationships underlying political events and conditions, and from these revelations they attempt to construct general principles about the way the world of politics works.\" Political science intersects with other fields; including economics, law, sociology, history, anthropology, public administration, public policy, national politics, international relations, comparative politics, psychology, political organization, and political theory. Although it was codified in the 19th century, when all the social sciences were established, political science has ancient roots; indeed, it originated almost 2,500 years ago with the works of Plato and Aristotle.\nPolitical science is commonly divided into distinct sub-disciplines which together constitute the field:\npolitical theory\ncomparative politics
/m/03cvvlg	Doubt is a 2008 American drama film adaptation of John Patrick Shanley's Pulitzer Prize winning fictive stage play Doubt: A Parable. Written and directed by Shanley and produced by Scott Rudin, the film stars Meryl Streep, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Amy Adams, and Viola Davis. It premiered October 30, 2008 at the AFI Fest before being distributed by Miramax Films in limited release on December 12, 2008 and in wide release on December 25.\nThe film's four main actors were heavily praised for their acting, and all of them were nominated for Oscars at the 81st Academy Awards.
/m/0136kr	The Liberal Party of Canada, colloquially known as the Grits, is the oldest federal political party in Canada. The party espouses the principles of liberalism, and generally sits at the centre of the Canadian political spectrum. Historically the Liberal Party has been positioned to the left of the Conservative Party of Canada and to the right of the New Democratic Party.\nThe party dominated federal politics for much of Canada's history, holding power for almost 69 years in the 20th century—more than any other party in a developed country—which resulted in its being sometimes referred to as Canada's \"natural governing party\". Among the party's signature policies and legislative accomplishments include universal health care, the Canada Pension Plan, Canada Student Loans, peacekeeping, multilateralism, official bilingualism, official multiculturalism, patriating the Canadian constitution and the entrenchment of Canada's Charter of Rights and Freedoms, the Clarity Act, restoring balanced budgets in the 1990s, and making same-sex marriage legal nationwide. Over the last decade however the party has lost a significant amount of support, to the benefit of both the Conservative Party and the NDP. In the 2011 Canadian federal election the Liberal Party had the worst showing in its history, capturing only 19 per cent of the popular vote and 34 seats.
/m/0c7xjb	Jessica Ann Simpson is an American recording artist, actress, television personality and fashion designer who made her debut in 1999. Since that time, Simpson has made many recordings, starred in several television shows, movies and commercials, launched a line of hair and beauty products and designed fragrances, shoes and handbags for women. She has devoted time to philanthropic efforts including Operation Smile and a USO-hosted tour for troops stationed overseas. She started the Jessica Simpson Collection in 2005.\nSimpson rose to fame with the release of her debut single, \"I Wanna Love You Forever\", which peaked inside the Top 5 of the Billboard Hot 100. Subsequently, her debut album Sweet Kisses went on to be certified 2x Platinum in the United States, and sold over four million copies worldwide. Her 2001 single \"Irresistible\" became her second Top 20 hit, while the album of the same name became her first to enter the Top 10 of the Billboard 200, and went on to receive a Gold certification from the Recording Industry Association of America. Her third studio album, In This Skin, went on to become her best selling album worldwide, receiving a 3x Platinum certification from the RIAA and peaking at number 2 on the Billboard 200, her highest charting album to date. Following the release of a Christmas album, Simpson released A Public Affair in 2006, and the album became her third Top 10 hit on the Billboard 200. She ventured into the country music market in 2008 and released Do You Know. In October 2010, she released her first compilation album and last album under the label of Epic Records, with the name Playlist: The Very Best of Jessica Simpson. A month later she released her second Christmas album Happy Christmas under the label eleveneleven and Primary Wave Records. She has achieved seven Billboard Top 40 hits, three gold and two multi-platinum RIAA certified studio albums, four of which have reached the top 10 on the US Billboard 200. Simpson has sold over 30 million albums worldwide. In 2013, VH1 ranked Simpson #32 on their 100 Sexiest Artists of All Time list.
/m/03f_s3	A mechanic is a tradesman, craftsman, or technician who uses tools to build or repair machinery. Many mechanics are specialized in a particular field such as auto mechanics, bicycle mechanics, motorcycle mechanics, boiler mechanics, general mechanics, industrial maintenance mechanics, air conditioning and refrigeration mechanics, aircraft mechanics, diesel mechanics, and tank mechanics in the armed services. Auto mechanics, for example, have many trades within. Some may specialize in the electrical aspects, while others may specialize in the mechanical aspects. Other areas include: brakes and steering, automatic or standard transmission, engine repairs or diagnosing customer complaints. An auto technician has a wide variety of topics to learn. A mechanic is typically certified by a trade association or regional government power.
/m/01hv3t	The Truman Show is a 1998 American satirical social science fiction film directed by Peter Weir and written by Andrew Niccol. The cast includes Jim Carrey as Truman Burbank, as well as Laura Linney, Noah Emmerich, Ed Harris and Natascha McElhone. The film chronicles the life of a man who is initially unaware that he is living in a constructed reality television show, broadcast around the clock to billions of people across the globe. Truman becomes suspicious of his perceived reality and embarks on a quest to discover the truth about his life.\nThe genesis of The Truman Show was a spec script by Niccol, inspired by an episode of The Twilight Zone called \"Special Service\". The original draft was more in tone of a science fiction thriller, with the story set in New York City. Scott Rudin purchased the script, and instantly set the project up at Paramount Pictures. Brian De Palma was in contention to direct before Weir took over and managed to make the film for $60 million against the estimated $80 million budget. Niccol rewrote the script simultaneously as the filmmakers were waiting for Carrey's schedule to open up for filming. The majority of filming took place at Seaside, Florida, a master-planned community located in the Florida Panhandle.
/m/041_y	Jerome David Salinger was an American writer who won acclaim early in life. He led a very private life for more than a half-century. He published his final original work in 1965 and gave his last interview in 1980.\nSalinger was raised in Manhattan and began writing short stories while in secondary school. Several were published in Story magazine in the early 1940s before he began serving in World War II. In 1948, his critically acclaimed story \"A Perfect Day for Bananafish\" appeared in The New Yorker magazine, which became home to much of his later work. In 1951, his novel The Catcher in the Rye was an immediate popular success. His depiction of adolescent alienation and loss of innocence in the protagonist Holden Caulfield was influential, especially among adolescent readers. The novel remains widely read and controversial, selling around 250,000 copies a year.\nThe success of The Catcher in the Rye led to public attention and scrutiny. Salinger became reclusive, publishing new work less frequently. He followed Catcher with a short story collection, Nine Stories; a volume containing a novella and a short story, Franny and Zooey; and a volume containing two novellas, Raise High the Roof Beam, Carpenters and Seymour: An Introduction. His last published work, a novella entitled \"Hapworth 16, 1924\", appeared in The New Yorker on June 19, 1965.
/m/027fwmt	The Wiz is a 1978 musical adventure film produced by Motown Productions and Universal Pictures, and released by Universal on October 24, 1978. An urbanized retelling of L. Frank Baum's The Wonderful Wizard of Oz featuring an entirely African-American cast, The Wiz was adapted from the 1975 Broadway musical of the same name. The film follows the adventures of Dorothy, a shy Harlem, New York, schoolteacher who finds herself magically transported to the Land of Oz, which resembles a fantasy version of New York City. Befriended by a Scarecrow, a Tin Man, and a Cowardly Lion, she travels through the land to seek an audience with the mysterious Wiz, whom they say has the power to take her home.\nProduced by Rob Cohen and directed by Sidney Lumet, The Wiz stars Diana Ross, Michael Jackson, Nipsey Russell, Ted Ross, Mabel King, Theresa Merritt, Thelma Carpenter, Lena Horne, and Richard Pryor. The film's story was reworked from William F. Brown's Broadway libretto by Joel Schumacher, and Quincy Jones supervised the adaptation of Charlie Smalls and Luther Vandross's songs for film. A handful of new songs, written by Jones and the songwriting team of Nickolas Ashford & Valerie Simpson, were added for the film version. Upon its original theatrical release, The Wiz was a critical and commercial failure, and marked the end of the resurgence of African-American films that began with the blaxploitation movement of the 1970s. The film received four Academy Award nominations for Best Art Direction, Best Costume Design, Best Original Music Score and Best Cinematography.
/m/0g57wgv	The Perks of Being a Wallflower is a 2012 drama, romance, coming of age film written and directed by Stephen Chbosky.
/m/01pkhw	Michael Christopher Sheen, OBE, is a Welsh stage and screen actor. After training at London's Royal Academy of Dramatic Art, Sheen made his professional debut in 1991, starring opposite Vanessa Redgrave in When She Danced at the Globe Theatre. He worked mainly in theatre throughout the 1990s and made notable stage appearances in Romeo and Juliet, Don’t Fool With Love, Peer Gynt, The Seagull, The Homecoming and Henry V. His performances in Amadeus at the Old Vic and Look Back in Anger at the National Theatre were nominated for Olivier Awards in 1998 and 1999, respectively. In 2003, he was nominated for a third Olivier Award for his performance in Caligula at the Donmar Warehouse.\nSheen has become better known as a screen actor since the 2000s, in particular through his roles in various biopics. With writer Peter Morgan he has starred in a trilogy of films as British politician Tony Blair: the first was the television film The Deal in 2003, followed by The Queen and The Special Relationship. For playing Blair he was nominated for both a BAFTA Award and an Emmy. Sheen was also nominated for a BAFTA as the troubled comic actor Kenneth Williams in BBC Four's 2006 Fantabulosa!, and was nominated for a fourth Olivier Award nomination in 2006 for portraying the broadcaster David Frost in Frost/Nixon, a role he revisited in the 2008 film adaptation of the play. He also starred as the outspoken football manager Brian Clough in The Damned United.
/m/0l34j	Solano County is a county located in the U.S. state of California, about halfway between San Francisco and Sacramento. It is officially one of the nine San Francisco Bay Area counties, and one of four North Bay counties. The county's population was reported by the U.S. Census to be 413,344 in 2010. The county seat is Fairfield and the largest city is Vallejo.
/m/01bgqh	The Grammy Award for Record of the Year is presented by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to sales or chart position.\" The Record of the Year award is one of the four most prestigious categories at the awards presented annually since the 1st Grammy Awards in 1959. According to the 54th Grammy Awards description guide the award is presented \"for commercially released singles or tracks of new vocal or instrumental recordings. Tracks from a previous year's album may be entered provided the track was not entered the previous year and provided the album did not win a GRAMMY. Award to the artist, producer, recording engineer and/or mixer if other than the artist.\" Starting from the 55th Grammy Awards in 2013, mastering engineers will be considered nominees and award recipients in this category.\nRecord of the Year is related to but is conceptually different from Song of the Year or Album of the Year:\nRecord of the Year is awarded for a single or for one track from an album. This award goes to the performing artist, the producer, recording engineer, and/or mixer for that song. In this sense, \"record\" means a particular recorded song, not its composition or an album of songs.
/m/0bx_hnp	George Harrison: Living in the Material World is a 2011 documentary film directed by Martin Scorsese, based on the life of Beatles member George Harrison. It has earned six nominations at the 64th Primetime Emmy Awards, winning two Emmy Awards for Outstanding Nonfiction Special and Outstanding Directing for Nonfiction Programming.
/m/018gkb	Adrian Belew is an American guitarist, singer, songwriter, multi-instrumentalist and record producer. He is perhaps best known for his work as a member of the progressive rock group King Crimson and for his unusual, impressionistic approach to guitar playing which frequently involves sounds more akin to animals and machines than to standard instrumental tones.\nWidely recognized as an \"incredibly versatile player\", Belew has released nearly twenty solo albums for Island Records and Atlantic Records which blend Beatles-inspired pop-rock with more experimental fare. His 2005 single \"Beat Box Guitar\" was nominated for a Grammy in the Best Rock Instrumental Performance category. In addition to being a member of King Crimson, he is also in the more straightforward pop band The Bears and fronted his own band, \"Gaga\", in the late 1970s and early 1980s. He has worked extensively as a session and touring musician, most famously with Talking Heads, David Bowie, Frank Zappa, and Nine Inch Nails.\nBelew has recently moved into instrument design, collaborating with Parker Guitars to help design his own Parker Fly signature guitar. This guitar is noticeably different from the standard design, containing advanced electronics such as a sustainer pickup and a Line 6 Variax guitar modelling system. It is also MIDI-capable, allowing it to be used with any synthesizer with MIDI connectivity.
/m/02qfyk	Charleston Battery is an American professional soccer team based in Charleston, South Carolina, United States. Founded in 1993, the team plays in the American Division of the new USL Professional Division.\nCharleston is one of the more successful minor-league soccer teams in the United States, having previously won the USISL Pro League in 1996, the USL A-League in 2003, and the final season of the USL Second Division in 2010. In 2012, the team won the USL Pro Championship, winning its fourth title in club history.\nThe team has played its home games at the soccer-specific Blackbaud Stadium since 1999. The team's colors are yellow, black and red. Their current head coach is Michael Anhaeuser.
/m/039zft	Alice in Wonderland is a 1951 British-American animated fantasy comedy-adventure film produced by Walt Disney Productions and based primarily on Lewis Carroll's Alice's Adventures in Wonderland with a few additional elements from Through the Looking-Glass. The 13th in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series, the film was released in New York City and London on July 26, 1951. The film features the voices of Kathryn Beaumont as Alice, and Ed Wynn as the Mad Hatter. The theme song, \"Alice in Wonderland\", has since become a jazz standard.
/m/07yqn	A platform game is a video game which involves guiding an avatar to jump between suspended platforms, over obstacles, or both to advance the game. These challenges are known as jumping puzzles or freerunning. The player controls the jumps to avoid letting the avatar fall from platforms or miss necessary jumps. The most common unifying element of games of this genre is the jump button. Jumping, in this genre, may include swinging from extendable arms, as in Ristar or Bionic Commando, or bouncing from springboards or trampolines, as in Alpha Waves. These mechanics, even in the context of other genres, are commonly called platforming, a verbification of platform. Games where jumping is automated completely, such as The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time, fall outside of the genre.\nPlatform games originated in the early 1980s in side-scrolling video games, followed by 3D successors in the mid-1990s. The term itself describes games where jumping on platforms is an integral part of the gameplay and came into use after the genre had been established, no later than 1983. It is not a pure genre; it is frequently coupled with elements of other genres, such as the shooter elements in Contra, the adventure elements of Flashback, or the role-playing game elements of Castlevania: Symphony of the Night.
/m/0b005	The Muppet Show is a comedy-variety television series that was produced by puppeteer Jim Henson and features The Muppets. After two pilot episodes produced in 1974 and 1975 failed to get the attention of America's network heads, Lew Grade approached Henson to produce the programme for his ATV Associated Television franchise in the UK. The show lasted for five series consisting of 120 episodes which were first broadcast in Britain between 5 September 1976 and 15 March 1981. The programmes were recorded at ATV's Elstree Studios just north of London.\nThe series shows a vaudeville or music hall-style song-and-dance variety show, as well as glimpses behind the scenes of such a show. Kermit the Frog stars as a showrunner who tries to keep control of the antics of the other Muppet characters, as well as keep the guest stars happy. The show was known for outrageous physical slapstick, sometimes absurdist comedy, and humorous parodies. Each episode also featured a human guest star. As the show's popularity rose, many celebrities were eager to perform with the Muppets on television and in film.\nMany of the puppeteers also worked on Sesame Street. Muppet performers over the course of the show include Jim Henson, Frank Oz, Jerry Nelson, Richard Hunt, Dave Goelz, Fran Brill, Eren Ozker, Steve Whitmire, Louise Gold, Kathryn Mullen, Karen Prell, Brian Muehl, Bob Payne, and John Lovelady. Jerry Juhl and Jack Burns were two of the show writers.
/m/0m0fw	Noise music is a category of music that is characterised by the expressive use of noise within a musical context. This type of music tends to challenge the distinction that is made in conventional musical practices between musical and non-musical sound. Noise music includes a wide range of musical styles, and sound based creative practices, that feature noise as a primary aspect. It can feature acoustically or electronically generated noise, and both traditional and unconventional musical instruments. It may incorporate live machine sounds, non-musical vocal techniques, physically manipulated audio media, processed sound recordings, field recording, computer generated noise, stochastic process and other randomly produced electronic signals such as distortion, feedback, static, hiss and hum. There may also be emphasis on high volume levels and lengthy, continuous pieces. More generally noise music may contain aspects such as improvisation, extended technique, cacophony and indeterminacy, and in many instances conventional use of melody, harmony, rhythm and pulse is often dispensed with.\nThe Futurist art movement was important for the development of the noise aesthetic, as was the Dada art movement, and later the Surrealist and Fluxus art movements, specifically the Fluxus artists Joe Jones, Yasunao Tone, George Brecht, Robert Watts, Wolf Vostell, Yoko Ono, Nam June Paik, Walter De Maria's Ocean Music, Milan Knížák's Broken Music Composition, early LaMonte Young and Takehisa Kosugi.
/m/09s93	The Israel Defense Forces, commonly known in Israel by the Hebrew acronym Tzahal, are the military forces of the State of Israel. They consist of the ground forces, air force, and navy. It is the sole military wing of the Israeli security forces, and has no civilian jurisdiction within Israel. The IDF is headed by its Chief of General Staff, the Ramatkal, subordinate to the Defense Minister of Israel; Rav Aluf Benny Gantz has served as Chief of Staff since 2011.\nAn order from Defense Minister David Ben-Gurion on 26 May 1948, officially set up the Israel Defense Forces as a conscript army formed out of the paramilitary group Haganah, incorporating the militant groups Irgun and Lehi. The IDF served as Israel's armed forces in all the country's major military operations—including the 1948 War of Independence, 1951–1956 Retribution operations, 1956 Sinai War, 1964–1967 War over Water, 1967 Six-Day War, 1967–1970 War of Attrition, 1968 Battle of Karameh, 1973 Operation Spring of Youth, 1973 Yom Kippur War, 1976 Operation Entebbe, 1978 Operation Litani, 1982 Lebanon War, 1982–2000 South Lebanon conflict, 1987–1993 First Intifada, 2000–2005 Second Intifada, 2002 Operation Defensive Shield, 2006 Lebanon War, 2008-2009 Operation Cast Lead, 2012 Operation Pillar of Defense, and others. The number of wars and border conflicts in which the IDF has been involved in its short history makes it one of the most battle-trained armed forces in the world. While originally the IDF operated on three fronts—against Lebanon and Syria in the north, Jordan and Iraq in the east, and Egypt in the south—after the 1979 Egyptian–Israeli Peace Treaty, it has concentrated its activities in southern Lebanon and the Palestinian Territories, including the First and the Second Intifada.
/m/059yj	The National Football League is a professional American football league that constitutes one of the four major professional sports leagues in North America. It is composed of 32 teams divided equally between the National Football Conference and the American Football Conference. The highest professional level of the sport in the world, the NFL runs a 17-week regular season from the week after Labor Day to the week after Christmas, with each team playing sixteen games and having one bye week each season. Out of the league's 32 teams, six from each conference compete in the NFL playoffs, a single-elimination tournament culminating in the Super Bowl, played between the champions of the NFC and AFC. The champions of the Super Bowl are awarded the Vince Lombardi Trophy. Various other awards exist to recognize individual players and coaches. Most games are played on Sunday afternoons; some games are also played on Mondays and Thursdays during the regular season. There are games on Saturdays during the first two playoff weekends. Sometimes, there are also Saturday games during the last few weeks of the regular season.\nThe NFL was formed on August 20, 1920, as the American Professional Football Conference; the league changed its name to the American Professional Football Association on September 17, 1920, and changed its name to the National Football League on June 24, 1922, after spending the 1920 and 1921 seasons as the APFA. In 1966, the NFL agreed to merge with the rival American Football League, effective 1970; the first Super Bowl was held at the end of that same season in January 1967. Today, the NFL has the highest average attendance of any professional sports league in the world and is the most popular sports league in the United States. The Super Bowl is among the biggest club sporting events in the world and individual Super Bowl games account for many of the most-watched television programs in American history. At the corporate level, the NFL is a nonprofit 501 association. The NFL's executive officer is the commissioner, who has broad authority in governing the league.
/m/01ggbx	Gopala Ratnam Subramaniam is an Indian film director, screenwriter and producer who predominantly works in Tamil cinema, based in Chennai. Widely regarded as one of the leading directors in Indian cinema, he made his directorial debut with the Kannada film Pallavi Anu Pallavi in 1983. Despite a commercial failure the film earned critical acclaim and fetched an award for the screenplay at the Karnataka State Film Awards. Ratnam's following efforts were the Malayalam film Unaru, and two Tamil films—Pagal Nilavu and Idhaya Kovil—both in 1985. He came into prominence after Mouna Ragam, a story that dealt with the friction between a newly–wed couple. He followed that with the Godfatheresque Nayagan that went on to gain national acclaim. The film was among the three Indian films to be named by Time magazine's list of All-Time 100 Greatest Movies. Ratnam entered Telugu cinema with the romantic drama Geethanjali.\nAnjali released in 1990, story of a mentally disabled child, was submitted by India for the Academy Award consideration in the category of Best Foreign Language Film. He is well-known for his \"terrorism trilogy\" consisting of Roja, Bombay and Dil Se... Ratnam is widely credited with having revolutionised the Tamil film industry and altering the profile of Indian cinema.
/m/02_h0	Feminism is a collection of movements and ideologies aimed at defining, establishing, and defending equal political, economic, and social rights for women. This includes seeking to establish equal opportunities for women in education and employment. A feminist advocates or supports the rights and equality of women.\nFeminist theory, which emerged from feminist movements, aims to understand the nature of gender inequality by examining women's social roles and lived experience; it has developed theories in a variety of disciplines in order to respond to issues such as the social construction of sex and gender. Some of the earlier forms of feminism have been criticized for taking into account only white, middle-class, educated perspectives. This led to the creation of ethnically specific or multiculturalist forms of feminism.\nFeminist activists campaign for women's rights – such as in contract law, property, and voting – while also promoting bodily integrity, autonomy, and reproductive rights for women. Feminist campaigns have changed societies, particularly in the West, by achieving women's suffrage, gender neutrality in English, equal pay for women, reproductive rights for women, and the right to enter into contracts and own property. Feminists have worked to protect women and girls from domestic violence, sexual harassment, and sexual assault. They have also advocated for workplace rights, including maternity leave, and against forms of discrimination against women. Feminism is mainly focused on women's issues, but because feminism seeks gender equality, the author bell hooks and other feminists have argued that men's liberation is a necessary part of feminism and that men are also harmed by sexism and gender roles.
/m/01t_xp_	Rush is a Canadian rock band formed in August 1968, in the Willowdale neighbourhood of Toronto, Ontario. The band is composed of bassist, keyboardist, and lead vocalist Geddy Lee, guitarist and backing vocalist Alex Lifeson, and drummer, percussionist, and lyricist Neil Peart. The band and its membership went through several re-configurations between 1968 and 1974, achieving their current form when Peart replaced original drummer John Rutsey in July 1974, two weeks before the group's first United States tour.\nSince the release of the band's self-titled debut album in March 1974, Rush has become known for its musicianship, complex compositions, and eclectic lyrical motifs drawing heavily on science fiction, fantasy, and philosophy. Rush's music style has changed over the years beginning with blues-inspired heavy metal, then encompassing progressive rock and a period with heavy use of synthesizers. Their musical style returned to a more guitar-oriented sound in 1989. Their latest studio album, Clockwork Angels won the Album Of The Year Award from Progressive Music Awards. The supporting tour ran from September 2012 to August 2013.\nAccording to the RIAA Rush ranks 79th with sales of 25 million units in the United States. Although total worldwide album sales are not calculated by any single entity, several industry sources estimated Rush's total worldwide album sales at over 40 million units as of 2004. The group has been awarded 24 gold, 14 platinum, and 3 multi-platinum albums.
/m/02qfh	EastEnders is a British television soap opera, first broadcast in the United Kingdom on BBC 1 on 19 February 1985. EastEnders storylines examine the domestic and professional lives of the people who live and work in the fictional London Borough of Walford in the East End of London. The series primarily centres on the residents of Albert Square, a Victorian square of terraced houses, and its neighbouring streets, namely Bridge Street, Turpin Road and George Street. The Square encompasses a pub, street market, night club, community centre, charity shop, café and various small businesses, in addition to a park and allotments.\nThe series was originally screened as two half-hour episodes per week. Since August 2001, four episodes are broadcast each week on BBC One, with each episode being repeated on BBC Three at 10.30pm and an omnibus edition on BBC Two at weekends. From 1985 to 2012 the omnibus aired on Sunday afternoons, but was moved to a Friday night/Saturday morning slot from 6 April 2012, before being moved back to a Sunday afternoon slot in January 2013 on BBC Two.\nIt is one of the UK's highest-rated programmes, often appearing near or at the top of the week's BARB ratings. Within eight months of its launch, it reached the number-one spot in the ratings, and has consistently remained among the top-rated TV programmes in Britain. As of July 2013, the average audience share for an episode is around 30 percent. Created by producer Julia Smith and script editor Tony Holland, EastEnders has remained a significant programme in terms of the BBC's success and audience share, and also in the history of British television drama, tackling many controversial and taboo issues previously unseen on mainstream television in the UK. EastEnders currently attracts on average between six and eight million viewers per episode.
/m/05q4y12	Away We Go is a 2009 comedy-drama directed by Academy Award-winning director Sam Mendes and written by the husband-and-wife team of Dave Eggers and Vendela Vida. The film stars John Krasinski, Maya Rudolph, Allison Janney, Catherine O'Hara, Jeff Daniels, Paul Schneider, Carmen Ejogo, Chris Messina, Melanie Lynskey, Josh Hamilton, Jim Gaffigan, and Maggie Gyllenhaal.\nIt had a limited theater release in the United States starting June 5, 2009. It opened the 2009 Edinburgh International Film Festival in Edinburgh, Scotland. The film was released on DVD and Blu-ray Disc on September 29, 2009.
/m/07bgp	Sheep are quadrupedal, ruminant mammals typically kept as livestock. Like all ruminants, sheep are members of the order Artiodactyla, the even-toed ungulates. Although the name \"sheep\" applies to many species in the genus Ovis, in everyday usage it almost always refers to Ovis aries. Numbering a little over one billion, domestic sheep are also the most numerous species of sheep. A male sheep is called a ram and a female sheep is called a ewe.\nSheep are most likely descended from the wild mouflon of Europe and Asia. One of the earliest animals to be domesticated for agricultural purposes, sheep are raised for fleece, meat and milk. A sheep's wool is the most widely used animal fiber, and is usually harvested by shearing. Ovine meat is called lamb when from younger animals and mutton when from older ones. Sheep continue to be important for wool and meat today, and are also occasionally raised for pelts, as dairy animals, or as model organisms for science.\nSheep husbandry is practised throughout the majority of the inhabited world, and has been fundamental to many civilizations. In the modern era, Australia, New Zealand, the southern and central South American nations, and the British Isles are most closely associated with sheep production.
/m/01kgg9	Rose Joan Blondell was an American actress who performed in movies and on television for five decades as Joan Blondell.\nAfter winning a beauty pageant, Blondell embarked upon a film career. Establishing herself as a sexy wisecracking blonde, she was a pre-Code staple of Warner Brothers and appeared in more than 100 movies and television productions. She was most active in films during the 1930s, and during this time she co-starred with Glenda Farrell in nine films, in which the duo portrayed gold-diggers. Blondell continued acting for the rest of her life, often in small character roles or supporting television roles. She was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her work in The Blue Veil.\nBlondell was seen in featured roles in two films released shortly before her death from leukemia, Grease and the remake of The Champ.
/m/0627sn	Freddie Francis is a film and tv director, cinematographer.
/m/0hkst	In ecology, where the concept was first given force, sustainability refers to how biological systems endure and remain diverse and productive. Long-lived and healthy wetlands and forests are examples of sustainable biological systems. More recently, the concept has been given a broader focus while continuing to include ecological resilience as crucial. Sustainability is now being understood as the potential for long-term endurance of social wellbeing, resilience and adaptation across four domains: ecology, economics, politics and culture. In another more economics-centred account, sustainability requires the reconciliation across three domains: economic demands, environmental resilience, and social equity. This is also referred to as the \"three pillars\" of sustainability.\nEcology remains the foundational domain. Healthy ecosystems and environments are necessary to the survival and flourishing of humans and other organisms. There are a number of major ways of reducing negative human impact. Among the first of these are environmentally-friendly chemical engineering, environmental resources management and environmental protection. This approach is based largely on information gained from green chemistry, earth science, environmental science and conservation biology. The second approach is management of human consumption of resources, which is based largely on information gained from economics. A third more recent approach adds cultural and political concerns into the sustainability matrix.
/m/0249kn	Nitty Gritty Dirt Band is an American country-folk-rock band that has existed in various forms since its founding in Long Beach, California in 1966. The group's membership has had at least a dozen changes over the years, including a period from 1976 to 1981 when the band performed and recorded as The Dirt Band. Constant members since the early times are singer-guitarist Jeff Hanna and drummer Jimmie Fadden. Multi-instrumentalist John McEuen was with the band from 1966 to 1986 and returned during 2001. Keyboardist Bob Carpenter joined the band in 1977. The band is often cited as instrumental to the progression of contemporary country and roots music.\nThe band's successes include a cover version of Jerry Jeff Walker's \"Mr. Bojangles\". Albums include 1972's Will the Circle be Unbroken, featuring such traditional country artists Mother Maybelle Carter, Earl Scruggs, Roy Acuff, Doc Watson, Merle Travis, and Jimmy Martin. A follow-up album based on the same concept, Will the Circle Be Unbroken: Volume Two was released in 1989, was certified gold, won two Grammy Awards and was named Album of the Year at the Country Music Association Awards.
/m/0163t3	Sharon Rachel Osbourne is an English television host, media personality, television talent competition judge, author, music manager, businesswoman, and promoter, and the wife of heavy metal singer-songwriter Ozzy Osbourne. She first came into public prominence after appearing in The Osbournes, a reality television show that followed her family's daily life. Osbourne later became a talent show judge on shows such as the British and original version of The X Factor, from 2004 to 2007; before returning in 2013, and America's Got Talent from 2007 until 2012.\nAfter the success of The Osbournes and The X Factor, hosting her own chat shows and securing advertising contracts, Osbourne was ranked as the 25th richest woman in Britain on the 2009 Sunday Times Rich List. As of 2008, Sharon and Ozzy Osbourne, were ranked as the 724th richest people in Britain with an estimated joint wealth of £110 million. Sharon Osbourne is credited with reviving her husband's heavy metal career by founding the summer Ozzfest tour. She is one of five co-hosts of the daytime series The Talk, where she discusses controversial topics and contemporary issues. The Talk premiered on 18 October 2010.
/m/0hm0k	The Canadian Broadcasting Corporation, officially branded as CBC/Radio-Canada, is a Canadian crown corporation that serves as the national public radio and television broadcaster. The English- and French-language services units of the corporation are commonly known as CBC and Ici Radio-Canada respectively, and both short-form names are also commonly used in the applicable language to refer to the corporation as a whole.\nAlthough some local stations in Canada predate CBC's founding, CBC is the oldest existing broadcasting network in Canada, first established in its present form on November 2, 1936. Radio services include CBC Radio One, CBC Radio 2, Première Chaîne, Espace musique and the international radio service Radio Canada International. Television operations include CBC Television, Ici Radio-Canada Télé, CBC News Network, le Réseau de l'information, Explora, ARTV, and Documentary. The CBC operates services for the Canadian Arctic under the names CBC North and Radio Nord Québec. The CBC also operates digital services including CBC.ca / Radio-Canada.ca, CBC Radio 3, and CBC Music / espace.mu, and owns 20.2% of satellite radio broadcaster Sirius XM Canada, which carries several CBC-produced audio channels.
/m/06z9k8	Sociedad Deportiva Eibar, S.A.D. is a Spanish football club based in Eibar, Gipuzkoa, in the autonomous community of Basque Country. Founded on 30 November 1940, it currently plays in Segunda División.\nThe team plays in azulgrana – claret and blue – shirt with blue shorts, holding home games at Estadio Municipal de Ipurua.
/m/0hv7l	Busan, Latinized Pusan before 2000, is South Korea's second largest metropolis after Seoul, with a population of approximately 3.6 million. The population of the metropolitan area, including the adjacent cities of Gimhae and Yangsan, is approximately 4.6 million. It is the largest port city in South Korea and the world's fifth busiest seaport by cargo tonnage. The city is located on the southeastern-most tip of the Korean peninsula. The most densely built up areas of the city are situated in a number of narrow valleys between the Nakdong River and Suyeong River, with mountains separating some of the districts. Administratively, it is designated as a Metropolitan City. The Busan metropolitan area is divided into 15 major administrative districts and a single county.\nBusan was the host city of the 2002 Asian Games and APEC 2005 Korea. It was also one of the host cities for the 2002 FIFA World Cup, and is a center for international conventions in Korea. On November 14, 2005, the city authorities officially announced its bid to host the 2020 Summer Olympics Games. After Pyeongchang's successful bid for the 2018 Winter Olympics, the city is considering its bid to host the 2032 or 2036 Summer Olympics.
/m/03m7d	Hezbollah —also transliterated Hizbullah, Hizballah, etc.—is a Shi'a Islamic militant group and political party based in Lebanon. Its paramilitary wing is regarded as a resistance movement throughout much of the Arab world and in Shiite communities, and is considered more powerful than the Lebanese Army. Hezbollah, which started with only a small militia, has grown to an organization with seats in the Lebanese government, a radio and a satellite television-station, and programs for social development. The organization has been called a state within a state. Hezbollah maintains strong support among Lebanon's Shi'a population. Hezbollah fought against Israel in the 2006 Hezbollah-Israel War. After the 2006–2008 Lebanese political protests and clashes, a national unity government was formed in 2008, giving Hezbollah and its opposition allies control of eleven of thirty cabinets seats; effectively veto power.\nAfter retaliatory attacks by Sunni militants for its support for the Bashar al-Assad regime, Hezbollah began building multiple checkpoints in predominantly Shiite areas of Lebanon. Some Sunni militants have made threats against Hezbollah, while the Sunni theologian Yusuf Qaradawi condemned Hezbollah by coining the term \"Hezboshaytan\" meaning party of satan. The governments of the U.S., Netherlands, France, Gulf Cooperation Council, U.K., Australia, Canada, the European Union and Israel classify Hezbollah as a terrorist organization, in whole or in part.
/m/0xjl2	Gothic rock is a musical subgenre of post-punk and alternative rock that formed during the late 1970s. Gothic rock bands grew from the strong ties they had to the English punk rock and emerging post-punk scenes. According to both Pitchfork and NME, proto-goth bands are Joy Division, Siouxsie and the Banshees, Bauhaus, The Cure and The Damned.\nThe genre itself was defined as a separate movement from punk rock during the early 1980s largely due to the significant stylistic divergences of the movement; gothic rock, as opposed to punk, combines dark, often keyboard-heavy music with introspective, dark and mostly romantic lyrics. Gothic rock then gave rise to a broader subculture that included clubs, fashion and numerous publications that grew in popularity in the 1980s.
/m/0fvly	Newcastle United Football Club is an English professional association football club based in Newcastle upon Tyne. The club was founded in 1892, by the merger of Newcastle East End and Newcastle West End, and has played at its current home ground, St James' Park, since. The ground was developed into an all-seater stadium in the mid-1990s and now has a capacity of 52,405. The club has been a member of the Premier League for all but two years of the competition's history, and has never dropped below English football's second tier since joining the Football League in 1893. In 2007, long term chairman and owner Sir John Hall sold his share in the club to Mike Ashley.\nThey have won four League Championship titles and six FA Cups, as well as the 1969 Inter-Cities Fairs Cup and the 2006 UEFA Intertoto Cup. Newcastle United has the ninth highest total of major honours won by an English club. The club's most successful period was between 1904 and 1910, when they won an FA Cup and three of their First Division titles. The club is the twentieth richest club in the world in terms of annual revenue, generating €115.3m in 2012. Newcastle’s best ever placing is 5th in the World.
/m/013c6x	Miss Universe is an annual international beauty contest that is run by the Miss Universe Organization. Along with the Miss Earth and Miss World contests, Miss Universe is one of the three largest beauty pageants in the world in terms of the number of national-level competitions to participate in the world finals. Miss Universe is regarded as one of the few biggest culturally influential and expensive events in the world. and The contest was founded in 1952 by the California clothing company Pacific Mills. The pageant became part of Kayser-Roth, and then Gulf+Western Industries, before being acquired by Donald Trump in 1996.\nThe pageant is broadcast in the United States on NBC-TV, simulcast in Spanish on Telemundo, and webcast on Xbox Live. In 1998, Miss Universe changed its name from Miss Universe, Inc., to the Miss Universe Organization, and the headquarters moved from Los Angeles, California, to New York City that year. Donald Trump brought in a new team of professionals to the contest headed by its new CEO, Molly Miles, and president Maureen Reidy.\nThe contest would use the slogan \"Redefined for Today\" for promotion of the pageants.
/m/0g5ff	John Holbrook \"Jack\" Vance was an American mystery, fantasy, and science fiction writer. Though most of his work has been published as by Jack Vance, he also wrote 11 mystery novels using his full name John Holbrook Vance, three under the pseudonym Ellery Queen, and once each using the pseudonyms Alan Wade, Peter Held, John van See, and Jay Kavanse.\nVance won the World Fantasy Award for Life Achievement in 1984 and he was a Guest of Honor at the 1992 World Science Fiction Convention in Orlando, Florida. The Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America made him its 14th Grand Master in 1997 and the Science Fiction Hall of Fame inducted him in 2001, its sixth class of two deceased and two living writers.\nAmong his awards for particular works were: Hugo Awards, in 1963 for The Dragon Masters, in 1967 for The Last Castle, and in 2010 for his memoir This is Me, Jack Vance!; a Nebula Award in 1966, also for The Last Castle; the Jupiter Award in 1975; the World Fantasy Award in 1990 for Lyonesse: Madouc. He also won an Edgar for the best first mystery novel in 1961 for The Man in the Cage.\nA 2009 profile in The New York Times Magazine described Vance as \"one of American literature's most distinctive and undervalued voices\". He died at his home in Oakland, California, May 26, 2013, aged 96.
/m/02hyt	Davis is a city in Yolo County, California, United States. It is part of the Sacramento–Arden-Arcade–Roseville Metropolitan Statistical Area. According to estimates published by the US Census Bureau, the city had a total population of 65,622 in 2010, neither of which includes the on-campus population of UC Davis, which was 5,786 people according to the 2010 United States Census while the \"total student enrollment\" is listed as 32,290 by the UC Davis website. It is the largest city in Yolo County, and the 122nd largest in the state, by population.\nDavis is known for its liberal politics, for having many bicycles and bike paths, and for the campus of the University of California, Davis. In 2006, Davis was ranked as the second most educated city in the US by CNN Money Magazine, after Arlington, Virginia.
/m/0lp_cd3	The 64th Annual Primetime Creative Arts Emmy Awards ceremony was held on September 15 at the Nokia Theatre in Downtown Los Angeles and was televised September 22, 2012 on ReelzChannel. This is in conjunction with the annual Primetime Emmy awards and is presented in recognition of technical and other similar achievements in American television programming.\nHBO's Game of Thrones won six Emmys, while the Discovery Channel's Frozen Planet, PBS's Great Expectations and NBC's Saturday Night Live each won four.
/m/05x72k	Street Fighter II V, is an anime series based on the fighting game Street Fighter II. Directed by Gisaburo Sugii, the series first aired in Japan in 1995, from April 10 to November 27, on YTV. An English adaptation of the series was produced by the dubbing group Animaze and Manga Entertainment in 1996, and was released in Australia and the USA on VHS in 1997−1998. In 1997, ADV Films produced an English dub exclusively for the UK market and was released on VHS. The Animaze/Manga dub had a DVD release on April 29, 2003 in a four disc set in North America.
/m/0g2ff	A concertina is a free-reed musical instrument, like the various accordions and the harmonica. More distantly related, but still in the same family, are the harmonium and American reed organ.\nIt has a bellows, and buttons typically on both ends of it. When pressed, the buttons travel in the same direction as the bellows, unlike accordion buttons, which travel perpendicularly to the bellows.\nThe concertina was developed in England and Germany, most likely independently. The English version was invented in 1829 by Sir Charles Wheatstone, who filed a patent for an improved version in 1844. Carl Friedrich Uhlig announced the German version in 1834.
/m/02zbjwr	Jung Sung-Ryong is a South Korean football goalkeeper, who currently plays for the South Korean national team and Suwon Bluewings in the K-League.
/m/02s2ft	Christopher W. \"Chris\" Cooper (born July 9, 1951) is an American film actor. He became well known in the late 1990s. He has appeared in supporting performances in several major Hollywood films, including The Bourne Identity, American Beauty, Capote, The Town, The Kingdom, Syriana, October Sky, Seabiscuit, Breach and Adaptation, for which he won both the Academy Award and Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor.\nHe played Daniel Sloan in the 2012 film The Company You Keep, and in 2013 was cast as Norman Osborn in The Amazing Spider-Man 2.
/m/06gd4	Robert Fripp is an English guitarist, composer and record producer.\nAs a guitarist for the progressive rock band King Crimson, Fripp has been the only member to have played in all of King Crimson's line-ups from the late 1960s to the early 2000s. He has also worked extensively as a studio musician, notably with singer David Bowie on the albums \"Heroes\" and Scary Monsters, and contributed sounds to the Windows Vista operating system. His complete discography lists more than seven hundred releases over four decades.\nHe is ranked 62nd on Rolling Stone magazine's 2011 list of the \"100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time\" after having been ranked by David Fricke 42nd on its 2003 list. Tied with Andrés Segovia, he also is ranked 47th on Gibson.com's \"Top 50 guitarists of all time\".\nHis compositions often feature unusual time signatures, which have been influenced by classical and folk traditions. His innovations have included Frippertronics, soundscapes, and New Standard Tuning.
/m/0hnjt	Eugene Gladstone O'Neill was an Irish American playwright and Nobel laureate in Literature. His poetically titled plays were among the first to introduce into American drama techniques of realism earlier associated with Russian playwright Anton Chekhov, Norwegian playwright Henrik Ibsen, and Swedish playwright August Strindberg. His plays were among the first to include speeches in American vernacular and involve characters on the fringes of society, where they struggle to maintain their hopes and aspirations, but ultimately slide into disillusionment and despair. O'Neill wrote only one well-known comedy. Nearly all of his other plays involve some degree of tragedy and personal pessimism.
/m/0f0sbl	Corsica is a French island in the Mediterranean Sea. It is located west of Italy, southeast of the French mainland, and north of the Italian island of Sardinia. Mountains make up two-thirds of the island, forming a single chain. Before French domination, Corsica was under the ownership of the Republic of Genoa.\nCorsica is one of the 27 régions of France, although it is designated as a territorial collectivity by law. As a territorial collectivity, it enjoys some greater powers than other French régions. Corsica is referred to as a \"région\" in common speech, and is almost always listed among the other régions of France. Corsica is split into two departments, Haute-Corse and Corse-du-Sud, with its regional capital in Ajaccio, the prefecture city of Corse-du-Sud. Bastia, the prefecture city of Haute-Corse, is the second-largest settlement in Corsica.\nAlthough the island is separated from the continental mainland by the Ligurian Sea and is closer to Italy than to the French mainland, politically Corsica is part of Metropolitan France. After rule from the Republic of Genoa starting in 1282, Corsica was briefly an independent Corsican Republic from 1755 until its conquest by France in 1769. Corsica's culture contains both French and Italian elements, and its constitution while a Republic was written in Italian. The native Corsican language is recognised as a regional language by the French government.
/m/0cq8nx	Mrs. Miniver is a 1942 American dramatic film directed by William Wyler, and starring Greer Garson and Walter Pidgeon. Based on the 1940 novel Mrs. Miniver by Jan Struther, the film shows how the life of an unassuming British housewife in rural England is touched by World War II. She sees her eldest son go to war, finds herself confronting a German pilot who has parachuted into her idyllic village while her husband is participating in the Dunkirk evacuation, and loses her daughter-in-law as a casualty.\nProduced and distributed by MGM, the film features a strong supporting cast that includes Teresa Wright, Dame May Whitty, Reginald Owen, Henry Travers, Richard Ney and Henry Wilcoxon.\nMrs. Miniver won six Academy Awards, including Best Picture, Best Director, Best Actress and Best Supporting Actress. In 1950, a film sequel The Miniver Story was made with Greer Garson and Walter Pidgeon reprising their roles.\nIn 2006, the film was ranked number 40 on the American Film Institute's list celebrating the most inspirational films of all time. In 2009, the film was named to the National Film Registry by the Library of Congress for being \"culturally, historically or aesthetically\" significant and will be preserved for all time.
/m/01l1b90	Tyrese Darnell Gibson, also known simply as Tyrese, is an American Grammy-nominated R&B singer-songwriter, actor, author, television producer, former fashion model and MTV VJ. He is best known for his role as Roman Pearce in the Fast and Furious series. After releasing several albums, he transitioned into films, with lead roles in several major Hollywood releases.
/m/043djx	The Thirty-first United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, consisting of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, D.C. from March 4, 1849 to March 4, 1851, during the last 17 months of the Zachary Taylor presidency and the first months of Millard Fillmore's. The apportionment of seats in this House of Representatives was based on the Sixth Census of the United States in 1840. The Senate had a Democratic majority, while there was a Democratic plurality in the House.
/m/05gp3x	David Simon is an American author, journalist, and a writer/producer of television series. He worked for the Baltimore Sun City Desk for twelve years and wrote Homicide: A Year on the Killing Streets and co-wrote The Corner: A Year in the Life of an Inner-City Neighborhood with Ed Burns. The former book was the basis for the NBC series Homicide: Life on the Street, on which Simon served as a writer and producer. Simon adapted the latter book into the HBO mini-series The Corner.\nHe is the creator of the HBO television series The Wire, for which he served as executive producer, head writer, and show runner for all five seasons. He adapted the non-fiction book Generation Kill into an HBO mini-series and served as the show runner for the project. He was selected as one of the 2010 MacArthur Fellows and named an Utne Reader visionary in 2011. Simon also co-created the HBO series Treme with Eric Overmyer, which began its fourth and final season in 2013.
/m/059y0	Niels Henrik David Bohr was a Danish physicist who made foundational contributions to understanding atomic structure and quantum theory, for which he received the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1922. Bohr was also a philosopher and a promoter of scientific research.\nBohr developed the Bohr model of the atom, in which he proposed that energy levels of electrons are discrete, and that the electrons revolve in stable orbits around the atomic nucleus, but can jump from one energy level to another. Although the Bohr model has been supplanted by other models, its underlying principles remain valid. He conceived the principle of complementarity: that items could be separately analysed in terms of contradictory properties, like behaving as a wave or a stream of particles. The notion of complementarity dominated Bohr's thinking on both science and philosophy.\nBohr founded the Institute of Theoretical Physics at the University of Copenhagen, now known as the Niels Bohr Institute, which opened in 1920. Bohr mentored and collaborated with physicists including Hans Kramers, Oskar Klein, George de Hevesy and Werner Heisenberg. He predicted the existence of a new zirconium-like element, which was named hafnium, after the Latin name for Copenhagen, where it was discovered. Later, the element bohrium was named after him.
/m/07c52	Television, or TV for short, is a telecommunication medium for transmitting and receiving moving images that can be monochrome or colored, with or without accompanying sound. \"Television\" may also refer specifically to a television set, television program, or television transmission.\nCommercially available since the late 1920s, the television set has become commonplace in homes, businesses and institutions, particularly as a vehicle for advertising, a source of entertainment, and news. Since the 1950s, television has been the main medium for molding public opinion. Since the 1970s, the availability of video cassettes, laserdiscs, DVDs and now Blu-ray Discs have resulted in the television set frequently being used for viewing recorded as well as broadcast material. In recent years, Internet television has seen the rise of television available via the Internet through services such as iPlayer and Hulu.\nIn 2009, 78% of the world's households owned at least one television set, an increase of 5% over 2003.\nAlthough other forms such as closed-circuit television are in use, the most common usage of the medium is for broadcast television, which was modeled on the existing radio broadcasting systems developed in the 1920s, and uses high-powered radio-frequency transmitters to broadcast the television signal to individual TV receivers.
/m/02_hz	The French Revolution was a period of radical social and political upheaval in France from 1789 to 1799 that profoundly affected French and modern history, marking the decline of powerful monarchies and churches and the rise of democracy and nationalism. Popular resentment of the privileges enjoyed by the clergy and aristocracy grew amidst an economic crisis following two expensive wars and years of bad harvests, motivating demands for change. These were couched in terms of Enlightenment ideals and caused the convocation of the Estates-General in May 1789. The first year of the Revolution saw members of the Third Estate proclaiming the Tennis Court Oath in June, the assault on the Bastille in July, the passage of the Declaration of the Rights of Man and of the Citizen in August, and an epic march on Versailles that forced the royal court back to Paris in October. The next few years were dominated by struggles between various liberal assemblies and right-wing supporters of the monarchy intent on thwarting major reforms. A republic was proclaimed in September 1792 and King Louis XVI was executed the next year.\nExternal threats closely shaped the course of the Revolution. The Revolutionary Wars beginning in 1792 ultimately featured French victories that facilitated the conquest of the Italian Peninsula, the Low Countries and most territories west of the Rhine – achievements that had eluded previous French governments for centuries. Internally, popular agitation radicalized the Revolution significantly, culminating in the rise of Maximilien Robespierre and the Jacobins. The dictatorship imposed by the Committee of Public Safety during the Reign of Terror, from 1793 until 1794, caused up to 40,000 deaths inside France, abolished slavery in the colonies, and secured the borders of the new republic from its enemies. The Reign of Terror ended with the overthrow and execution of Robespierre and the other leading Jacobins in the Thermidorian Reaction. The Directory assumed control of the French state in 1795 and held power until 1799. In that year, conventionally seen as the conclusion of the Revolution, Napoleon Bonaparte overthrew the Directory in the coup of 18 Brumaire and established the Consulate. The First Empire under Napoleon emerged in 1804 and spread French revolutionary principles all over Europe during the Napoleonic Wars. The First Empire was militarily defeated by an anti-Napoleonic coalition that in 1815 brought about the restoration of the Bourbons, albeit under a constitutional monarchy, and the reversion to France's traditional frontiers.
/m/03txms	Donald Milford Payne was an American politician who was the U.S. Representative for New Jersey's 10th congressional district from 1989 to 2012. He was a member of the Democratic Party. The district encompasses most of the city of Newark, parts of Jersey City and Elizabeth, and some suburban communities in Essex and Union counties. He was the first African American to represent New Jersey in Congress.
/m/0m76b	Roger William Corman is an American film producer, director and actor. He has mostly worked on low-budget B movies. Much of Corman's work has an established critical reputation, such as his cycle of films adapted from the tales of Edgar Allan Poe. Admired by members of the French New Wave and Cahiers Du Cinema, Corman was the youngest filmmaker to have a retrospective at the Cinémathèque Française, as well as the British Film Institute and the Museum of Modern Art. In 2009, he was awarded an Honorary Academy Award.\nCorman mentored and gave a start to many young film directors such as Ron Howard, Martin Scorsese and Peter Bogdanovich. He helped launch the careers of actors Peter Fonda and Jack Nicholson.\nCorman has occasionally taken minor acting roles in the films of directors who started with him, including The Silence of the Lambs, The Godfather Part II, Apollo 13, The Manchurian Candidate and Philadelphia. A documentary about Corman's life and career entitled Corman's World: Exploits of a Hollywood Rebel premiered at Sundance and Cannes Film Festivals in 2011, directed by Alex Stapleton. The film's TV rights were picked up by A&E IndieFilms after a well-received screening at Sundance.
/m/01_1hw	Die Hard with a Vengeance is a 1995 American action film and the third in the Die Hard film series. It was produced and directed by John McTiernan, written by Jonathan Hensleigh, and stars Bruce Willis as New York City Police Department Lieutenant John McClane, Samuel L. Jackson as McClane's reluctant partner Zeus Carver, and Jeremy Irons as Simon Peter Gruber. It was released on May 19, 1995, five years after Die Hard 2, and was followed by Live Free or Die Hard in 2007 and A Good Day to Die Hard in 2013.
/m/0bfvd4	This is a list of winners of the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Miniseries or Movie. Prior to 1975, supporting actors in miniseries and movies were included in either the comedy or drama categories along with regular series. From 1975 to 1978, the award was called Outstanding Single Performance by a Supporting Actor in a Comedy or Drama Special. Despite the category's name, appearances in multiple episodes of miniseries, such as first winner Anthony Quayle's in QB VII, were included. In 1979, the award was renamed Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Limited Series or a Special, then Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Miniseries or a Special in 1986, then the current name in 1998.
/m/03mcwq3	Anna Gunn is an American actress, best known for her role as Skyler White on the AMC drama series Breaking Bad, for which she won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series in 2013.
/m/04gb7	Law is a term which does not have a universally accepted definition, but one definition is that law is a system of rules and guidelines which are enforced through social institutions to govern behaviour. Laws can be made by legislatures through legislation, the executive through decrees and regulations, or judges through binding precedents. Private individuals can create legally binding contracts, including arbitration agreements that exclude the normal court process. The formation of laws themselves may be influenced by a constitution and the rights encoded therein. The law shapes politics, economics, and society in various ways and serves as a social mediator of relations between people.\nA general distinction can be made between civil law jurisdictions, in which the legislature or other central body codifies and consolidates their laws, and common law systems, where judge-made binding precedents are accepted. Historically, religious laws played a significant role even in settling of secular matters, which is still the case in some countries, particularly Islamic, and some religious communities, particularly Jewish Halakha. Sharia law is the world's most widely used religious law.
/m/01qzyz	The twelve-string guitar is a steel-string guitar with twelve strings in six courses, which produces a richer, more ringing tone than a standard six-string guitar. Essentially, it is a type of guitar with a natural chorus effect due to the subtle differences in the frequencies produced by each of the two strings on each course. The strings are generally arranged such that the first string of each pair to be struck on a downward strum is the higher octave string; however, this arrangement was reversed by Rickenbacker on their electric 360/12.\nTwelve-string guitars are made in both acoustic and electric forms. However, it is the acoustic type that is most common. Some progressive rock, hard rock and heavy metal musicians use double-necked guitars, which have both six-string and twelve-string components, allowing the guitarist easy transition between different sounds.
/m/01dbhb	Geraldine Sue Page was an American actress best known for her work in the American theater. She was nominated for an Academy Award eight times before winning the Academy Award for Best Actress for her performance as Carrie Watts in The Trip to Bountiful
/m/016pns	Cornell Iral Haynes, Jr., better known by his stage name, Nelly, is an American rapper, singer, songwriter, entrepreneur, investor and occasional actor from St. Louis, Missouri. Nelly embarked on his music career with Southern hip hop group St. Lunatics, in 1993 and signed to Universal Records in 1999. Under Universal, Nelly began his solo career in the year 2000, with his debut album Country Grammar, of which the title-track was a top ten hit. The album debuted at number three on the Billboard 200 and went on to peak at number one. Country Grammar is Nelly's best-selling album to date, selling over 8.4 million copies in the United States. His following album Nellyville, produced the number-one hits \"Hot in Herre\" and \"Dilemma\". Other singles included \"Work It\", \"Air Force Ones\", \"Pimp Juice\" and \"#1\".\nWith the same-day dual release Sweat and Suit and the compilation Sweatsuit, Nelly continued to generate many chart-topping hits. Sweat debuted at number two on the US Billboard 200 chart, selling 342,000 copies in its first week. On the same week of release, Suit debuted at number one, selling around 396,000 copies in its first week on the same chart. Nelly's fifth studio album, Brass Knuckles, was released on September 16, 2008, after several delays. It produced the singles \"Party People\", \"Stepped on My J'z\" and \"Body on Me\". In 2010, Nelly released the album 5.0. The lead single, \"Just a Dream\", has appeared in the top ten of several singles charts and were certified platinum in the United States. The second single is \"Move That Body\". \"Gone\" is the sequel to Nelly's 2002 worldwide number one single \"Dilemma\", also with Rowland, and serves as third single from Nelly's album.
/m/031rx9	Fine Line Features was the speciality films division of New Line Cinema. From 1990–1995, under founder and president Ira Deutchman, Fine Line acquired, distributed and marketed films of a more \"indie\" flavor than its parent company, including such critically acclaimed films as Hoop Dreams, The Player, Short Cuts, Night on Earth, Spanking the Monkey, My Own Private Idaho, and Mrs. Parker and the Vicious Circle. In 2005, New Line teamed up with fellow Time Warner subsidiary HBO to form Picturehouse, a new specialty film label of which Fine Line was folded into.
/m/0bb57s	The Tony Award for Best Lead Actress in a Play is an honor presented at the Tony Awards, a ceremony established in 1947 as the Antoinette Perry Awards for Excellence in Theatre. The award is given to actresses for quality leading roles in a Broadway play. Despite the award first being presented in 1947, there were no nominees announced until 1956. There has been two ties in this category, and one three-way tie.
/m/0pdp8	This Is Spinal Tap is an American 1984 rock music mockumentary written, scored by and starring Rob Reiner, Christopher Guest, Michael McKean and Harry Shearer as the fictional British heavy metal band Spinal Tap. Directed by Reiner, the movie satirizes the wild personal behavior and musical pretensions of hard rock and heavy metal musical bands, as well as the hagiographic tendencies of rock documentaries of the time.\nReiner and the three main actors are credited as the writers of the movie, based on the fact that much of the dialogue was ad libbed by them. Several dozen hours of footage were filmed before Reiner edited it to the released movie. A 4½ hour bootleg version of the movie exists and has been traded among fans and collectors for years.\nThe three main members of Spinal Tap—David St. Hubbins, Derek Smalls and Nigel Tufnel—are played by actors Michael McKean, Harry Shearer, and Christopher Guest, respectively. The three actors play their musical instruments and speak with mock English accents throughout the movie. Reiner appears as Marty Di Bergi, the maker of the documentary. Other actors in the movie are Tony Hendra as group manager Ian Faith, and June Chadwick as St. Hubbins' interfering girlfriend Jeanine. Actors Paul Shaffer, Fred Willard, Fran Drescher, Bruno Kirby, Howard Hesseman, Ed Begley, Jr., Patrick Macnee, Anjelica Huston, Vicki Blue, Dana Carvey, Billy Crystal, Brinke Stevens, and Linnea Quigley all play supporting roles or make cameo appearances in the movie.
/m/0hl24	Northamptonshire is a county in the East Midlands region of England. It has an estimated total population of 629,000. The ceremonial county comprises the non-metropolitan county, which is governed by Northamptonshire County Council and seven non-metropolitan districts.\nCovering an area of 2,364 square kilometres, Northamptonshire is landlocked between eight other ceremonial counties: Warwickshire to the west, Leicestershire and Rutland to the north, Cambridgeshire to the east, Bedfordshire to the south-east, Buckinghamshire to the south, Oxfordshire to the south-west and Lincolnshire to the north-east – England's shortest county boundary at 19 metres.\nNorthampton is its county town; other large population centres include Kettering, Corby, Wellingborough, Rushden and Daventry. Northamptonshire's county flower is the cowslip.
/m/06xkst	Eureka Seven, known in Japan as Psalms of Planets Eureka seveN, is a Japanese mecha anime TV series by Bones. Eureka Seven tells the story of Renton Thurston and the outlaw group Gekkostate, his relationship with the enigmatic mecha pilot Eureka, and the mystery of the Coralians.\nBandai produced three video games based on Eureka Seven; two of them are based on events prior to the show, while the third is based on the first half of the show. Both the original concept of the anime and the video game Eureka Seven vol. 1: New Wave have been adapted into manga series as well, although with many significant changes primarily at the end. The TV series has also been adapted into a series of four novels and a movie.\nA sequel anime and manga series, Eureka Seven: Astral Ocean, was released in 2012.
/m/017ztv	The University of Copenhagen is the oldest and second largest university and research institution in Denmark. Founded in 1479 as a studium generale, it is the second oldest institution for higher education in Scandinavia after Uppsala University. The university has more than 37,000 students, and more than 7,000 employees. The university has several campuses located in and around Copenhagen, with the oldest located in central Copenhagen. Most courses are taught in Danish; however, many courses are also offered in English and a few in German. The university has 2,800 foreign students of which about half are from Nordic countries.\nThe university is a member of the International Alliance of Research Universities, along with University of Cambridge, University of Oxford, Yale University, The Australian National University, and UC Berkeley, amongst others. The Academic Ranking of World Universities, compiled by Shanghai Jiao Tong University, sees Copenhagen as the leading university in Scandinavia and the 40th ranked university in the world in 2010. It is also ranked 52nd in the 2011 QS World University Rankings. Moreover, In 2013, according to the University Ranking by Academic Performance, the University of Copenhagen is the best university in Denmark and 25th university in the world. The university has had 8 alumni become Nobel laureates and 1 Turing Award recipient.
/m/02g5bf	Vijay Anand, also known as Goldie Anand, was an Indian filmmaker, producer, screen writer, editor, and actor, who is known for acclaimed films like Guide and Johny Mera Naam.\nHe made most of his films for the in-house banner Navketan Films and is part of the Anand family.
/m/05j49	Newfoundland and Labrador is the easternmost province of Canada. Situated in the country's Atlantic region, it incorporates the island of Newfoundland and mainland Labrador to the northwest, with a combined area of 405,212 square kilometres. In 2013, the province's population was estimated at 526,702. Approximately 92 percent of the province's population lives on the Island of Newfoundland, of which more than half live on the Avalon Peninsula. The province is Canada's most linguistically homogenous, with 97.6% of residents reporting English as their mother tongue in the 2006 census. Historically, Newfoundland was also home to unique varieties of French and Irish, as well as the now-extinct Beothuk language. In Labrador, local dialects of Innu-aimun and Inuktitut are also spoken.\nNewfoundland and Labrador's capital and largest city, St. John's, is Canada's 20th-largest census metropolitan area, and is home to almost 40 percent of the province's population. St. John's is the seat of government, home to the House of Assembly of Newfoundland and Labrador and the highest court in the jurisdiction, the Newfoundland and Labrador Court of Appeal.
/m/093h7p	Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment is the home video distribution division of The Walt Disney Company. Disney began distributing videos under its own label in 1978 under the name Walt Disney Home Video.
/m/01chpn	Adaptation. is a 2002 American semi-autobiographical comedy-drama metafilm directed by Spike Jonze and written by Charlie Kaufman. The film is based on Susan Orlean's non-fiction book The Orchid Thief, with numerous self-referential events added. The film stars Nicolas Cage as Charlie and Donald Kaufman, and Meryl Streep as Susan Orlean, Chris Cooper as John Laroche, with Cara Seymour, Brian Cox, Tilda Swinton, Ron Livingston and Maggie Gyllenhaal in supporting roles.\nThough the film is billed as an adaptation of The Orchid Thief, its primary narrative focus is Charlie Kaufman's struggle to adapt The Orchid Thief into a film, while dramatizing the events of the book in parallel. Adaptation also adds a number of fictitious elements, including Kaufman's twin brother and a romance between Orlean and Laroche, and culminates in completely invented events including fictional versions of Orlean and Laroche three years after the events related in The Orchid Thief, Kaufman and his fictional twin brother.\nThe film had been in development as far back as 1994. Jonathan Demme brought the project to Columbia Pictures with Kaufman writing the script. Kaufman went through writer's block and did not know what to think of The Orchid Thief. Finally he wrote a script based on his experience of adapting The Orchid Thief as a screenplay. Jonze signed to direct, and filming was finished in June 2001. Adaptation achieved critical acclaim, and gained numerous awards at the 75th Academy Awards, 60th Golden Globe Awards and 56th British Academy Film Awards, especially for its writing and acting. Cooper won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor, while Kaufman won the BAFTA Award for Best Adapted Screenplay.
/m/06h2w	Ron Carter is an American jazz double-bassist. His appearances on over 2,500 albums make him one of the most-recorded bassists in jazz history. Carter is also an acclaimed cellist who has recorded numerous times on that instrument. He was elected to the Down Beat Jazz Hall of Fame in 2012.
/m/0j47s	Rangers Football Club is a Scottish football club based in Glasgow which plays in Scottish League One – the third tier of the Scottish Professional Football League. Their home ground is Ibrox Stadium in the south-west of the city. Founded in March of 1872, Rangers were one of the ten founder members of the original Scottish Football League, remaining in Scotland's top division until the end of the 2011–12 season.\nIn 2012, The Rangers Football Club Plc became insolvent and entered administration, resulting in liquidation when an agreement could not be reached with its creditors. Its business and assets, including Rangers FC, were bought by a new company, to which the club's Scottish Football Association membership was transferred in time to enable Rangers to relaunch in the Scottish Football League's Third Division at the start of season 2012–13.\nIn domestic football Rangers have won more league titles and trebles than any other club in the world, winning the league title 54 times, the Scottish Cup 33 times and the Scottish League Cup 27 times, and achieving the treble of all three in the same season seven times. They also won the Third Division title in 2013. In European football, Rangers were the first British club to reach a UEFA tournament final. They won the European Cup Winners' Cup in 1972 after being runner up twice in 1961 and 1967. A third runners up finish in Europe came in the 2008 UEFA Cup.
/m/0195pd	Manila is the capital and second largest city of the Philippines. It is one of the sixteen cities which, along with the municipality of Pateros, make up Metro Manila, the National Capital Region, whose overall population is around 12 million.\nThe city of Manila is located on the eastern shore of Manila Bay and is bordered by the cities of Navotas and Caloocan to the north; Quezon City and San Juan to the northeast; Mandaluyong to the east; Makati to the southeast, and Pasay to the south. It has a total population of 1,652,171 according to the 2010 census and is the second most populous city in the Philippines, behind Quezon City. The populace inhabit an area of only 38.55 square kilometres, making Manila the most densely populated city in the world.\nManila is the economic and political heart of the Philippines, home to extensive commerce and some of the most historically and culturally significant landmarks in the country, as well as the seat of the executive and judicial branches of the government. Manila is listed as a global city, containing many scientific and educational institutions, numerous sport facilities, and other culturally and historically significant venues. The city is divided into six legislative districts and consists of sixteen areas: Binondo, Ermita, Intramuros, Malate, Paco, Pandacan, Port Area, Quiapo, Sampaloc, San Andrés, San Miguel, San Nicolas, Santa Ana, Santa Cruz, Santa Mesa and Tondo.
/m/02zdwq	Technical support or tech support refers to a range of services by which enterprises provide assistance to users of technology products such as mobile phones, televisions, computers, software products or other electronic or mechanical goods. In general, technical support services attempt to help the user solve specific problems with a product—rather than providing training, customization, or other support services. Most companies offer technical support for the products they sell, either freely available or for a fee. Technical support may be delivered over the telephone or online by e-mail, live support software on a website or a tool where users can log a call/incident. Larger organizations frequently have internal technical support available to their staff for computer related problems. The internet is also a good source for freely available tech support, where experienced users may provide advice and assistance with problems. In addition, some fee-based service companies charge for premium technical support services.
/m/01sl1q	Mayte Michelle Rodriguez, simply credited as Michelle Rodriguez, is an American actress, screenwriter and disc jockey. Rodriguez got her breakout role in the independent film Girlfight, which was met with critical acclaim for her performance as a troubled boxer, and earned her several awards, including the Independent Spirit Award and Gotham Award for Best Debut Performance. The following year, she made her Hollywood debut starring as Letty Ortiz in the blockbuster film The Fast and the Furious, and would reprise the role with its sequels Fast & Furious and Fast & Furious 6.\nDuring her career, she has appeared in a number of successful action-themed films, playing tough, independent roles in films including Blue Crush, S.W.A.T., Battle: Los Angeles and James Cameron's record-breaking Avatar. She is also known for her reprising roles as Shé in Robert Rodriguez's action comedy films Machete and Machete Kills and as Rain Ocampo in the science-fiction franchise Resident Evil and Resident Evil: Retribution.\nRodriguez also branched into television, playing Ana Lucia Cortez in the second season of the television series Lost as part of the main cast and then making numerous guest appearances before the series' end. She has also done numerous voice work jobs in video games such as Call of Duty and Halo and lent her voice for the 3D animated film Turbo and in television for IGPX.
/m/01pfpt	Krautrock is rock and electronic music that originated in Germany in the late 1960s. The term was popularized in the English-speaking press. Later, German media started to use it as a term for all German rock bands from the late 1960s and 1970s, while abroad the term specifically referred to more experimental artists who often but not always used synthesizers and other electronic instruments.\nThe term is a result of the English-speaking world's reception of the music at the time and not a reference to any one particular scene, style, or movement, as many krautrock artists were not familiar with one another. BBC DJ John Peel in particular is largely credited with spreading the reputation of krautrock outside of the German-speaking world.\nLargely divorced from the traditional blues and rock & roll influences of British and American rock music up to that time, the period contributed to the evolution of electronic music and ambient music as well as the birth of post-punk, alternative rock and New Age music. Key artists associated with the tag include Can, Amon Düül II, Ash Ra Tempel, Faust, Popol Vuh, Cluster, Tangerine Dream, Klaus Schulze, Neu!, and Kraftwerk.
/m/03f47xl	Vladimir Vladimirovich Nabokov was a Russian novelist. Nabokov's first nine novels were in Russian. He then rose to international prominence as a writer of English prose. He also made serious contributions as a lepidopterist and chess composer.\nNabokov's Lolita is his most famous novel, and often considered his finest work in English. It exhibits the love of intricate word play and synesthetic detail that characterised all his works. The novel was ranked fourth in the list of the Modern Library 100 Best Novels; Pale Fire was ranked at 53rd on the same list, and his memoir, Speak, Memory, was listed eighth on the Modern Library nonfiction list. He was a finalist for the National Book Award for Fiction seven times, but never won it.
/m/0l6qt	Alan Bennett is an English playwright, screenwriter, actor and author. He was born in Leeds and attended Oxford University where he studied history and performed with The Oxford Revue. He stayed to teach and research medieval history at the university for several years. His collaboration as writer and performer with Dudley Moore, Jonathan Miller and Peter Cook in the satirical revue Beyond the Fringe at the 1960 Edinburgh Festival brought him instant fame. He gave up academia, and turned to writing full-time, his first stage play Forty Years On being produced in 1968.\nHis work includes The Madness of George III and its film adaptation The Madness of King George, the series of monologues Talking Heads, the play and subsequent film The History Boys, and popular audio books, including his readings of Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and Winnie-the-Pooh.
/m/0hwbd	Dorothy Faye Dunaway is an American actress. She won an Academy Award for Best Actress for her performance in the 1976 film Network. Dunaway was previously nominated for Bonnie and Clyde and Chinatown. She has starred in a variety of other successful films, including The Thomas Crown Affair, Little Big Man, The Towering Inferno, Three Days of the Condor, and Mommie Dearest.
/m/01zhs3	Ipswich Town Football Club are an English professional football team based in Ipswich, Suffolk. As of the 2013–14 season, they play in the Football League Championship, having last appeared in the Premier League in 2001–02, making them the league's longest-serving club.\nThe club was founded in 1878 but did not turn professional until 1936, and was subsequently elected to join the Football League in 1938. They play their home games at Portman Road in Ipswich. The only fully professional football club in Suffolk, they have a long-standing and fierce rivalry with Norwich City in Norfolk, with whom they have contested the East Anglian derby 138 times since 1902.\nIpswich won the English league title once, in their first season in the top flight in 1961–62, and have twice finished runners-up, in 1980–81 and 1981–82. They won the FA Cup in 1977–78, and the UEFA Cup in 1980–81. They have competed in the top two tiers of English football uninterrupted since 1957–58, currently the longest streak among Championship clubs after Coventry were relegated in the 2011–12 season. They have competed in all three European club competitions, and have never lost at home in European competition defeating Real Madrid, AC Milan, Internazionale, Lazio and Barcelona amongst others.
/m/01l69g	Odisha, formerly known as Orissa, is an Indian state on the subcontinent's east coast, by the Bay of Bengal. It is surrounded by the Indian states of West Bengal to the north-east and in the east, Jharkhand to the north, Chhattisgarh to the west and north-west and Andhra Pradesh to the south. It is the modern name of the ancient kingdom of Kalinga, which was invaded by the Mauryan Emperor Ashoka in 261 BCE. The modern state of Orissa was established on 1 April 1936, as a province in British India and consisted predominantly of Oriya speakers. 1 April is therefore celebrated as Utkala Dibasa. The region is also known as Utkala when mentioned in India's national anthem, \"Jana Gana Mana\". Cuttack remained the capital of the state for over eight centuries until 13 April 1948 when Bhubaneswar was officially declared as the new state capital, a position it still holds.\nOdisha is the 9th largest state by area in India, and the 11th largest by population. Oriya is the official and most widely spoken language, spoken by three quarters of the population. Odisha has a relatively unindented coastline and lacked good ports, except for the deepwater facility at Paradip, until the recent launch of the Dhamra Port. The narrow, level coastal strip, including the Mahanadi river delta, supports the bulk of the population.
/m/0dth6b	The 39th Academy Awards, honoring the best in film for 1966, were held on April 10, 1967 at the Santa Monica Civic Auditorium in Santa Monica, California. They were hosted by Bob Hope.\nOnly two of the Best Picture nominees also had nominations for Best Director; Fred Zinnemann's lavish and thoughtful biopic A Man for All Seasons and Mike Nichols' bold and taboo-breaking drama Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?. Both were adaptations of stage dramas.
/m/0g_w	The Academy Awards, commonly known as The Oscars, is an annual American awards ceremony honoring achievements in the film industry. Winners are awarded the statuette, officially the Academy Award of Merit, that is much better known by its nickname Oscar. The awards, first presented in 1929 at the Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel, are overseen by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.\nThe awards ceremony was first televised in 1953 and is now seen live in more than 200 countries. The Oscars is also the oldest entertainment awards ceremony; its equivalents, the Golden Globes for foreign and domestic productions the Emmy Awards for American television, the Tony Awards for theatre, and the Grammy Awards for music and recording, are modeled after the Academy Awards.\nThe 86th Academy Awards will be held on March 2, 2014, at the Dolby Theatre in Los Angeles.
/m/03mck3c	The Philadelphia Union is an American professional association football team based in the Philadelphia satellite city of Chester, Pennsylvania, which competes in Major League Soccer.\nThe Union became MLS's sixteenth team upon their expansion into the league in 2010. The team plays their home matches at PPL Park, a soccer-specific stadium located on the banks of the Delaware River, and is managed by John Hackworth.
/m/01qvcr	Rare Ltd. is a British video game developer located in Twycross, Leicestershire, England. The company was established in 1985 by Ultimate Play the Game founders Tim and Chris Stamper. During its early years, Rare primarily concentrated on Nintendo Entertainment System games, creating successful titles such as Wizards & Warriors, Battletoads, and R.C. Pro-Am. Rare became a second-party developer for Nintendo in 1994. They achieved critical acclaim and commercial success with their subsequent releases, which included Donkey Kong Country, Killer Instinct, GoldenEye 007, Banjo-Kazooie, Perfect Dark, Conker's Bad Fur Day, and Star Fox Adventures.\nOn September 24, 2002, the company was wholly purchased by Microsoft and has since focused on developing games exclusively for Microsoft video game consoles. Rare since then has developed Kameo: Elements of Power, the Viva Piñata series, and the Kinect Sports series, among others. On 2 January 2007, founders Tim and Chris Stamper left the company to pursue \"other opportunities\". Rare's current Studio Creative Director is Simon Woodroffe, who previously worked at several studios including Midway Games, Ubisoft, and Sega.
/m/02lp3c	Walter Scott Murch is an American film editor and sound designer.
/m/0fpj4lx	Thomas Baptiste Morello is an American guitarist best known for his tenure with the band Rage Against the Machine and then with Audioslave. His acoustic solo act is called The Nightwatchman, and his latest group Street Sweeper Social Club. Morello is currently a touring musician with Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band. Morello is also the co-founder of the non-profit political activist organization Axis of Justice, which airs a monthly program on Pacifica Radio station KPFK in Los Angeles.\nBorn in Harlem, New York, and raised in Libertyville, Illinois, Morello became interested in music and politics while in high school. He attended Harvard University and earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in Social Studies. After his previous band Lock Up disbanded, Morello met Zack de la Rocha and the two founded Rage Against the Machine together. The group went on to become one of the most popular and influential rock acts of the 1990s. He is best known for his unique and creative guitar playing style, which incorporates feedback noise, unconventional picking and tapping as well as heavy use of guitar effects. Morello is also noted for his leftist political views and activism; his creation of his side project The Nightwatchman offered an outlet for his views while playing apolitical music with Audioslave. He was ranked number 40 in Rolling Stone magazine's list of the \"100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time\".
/m/0309lm	Stephen Root is an American actor and voice actor. He is best known for his comedic work as Jimmy James on the TV sitcom NewsRadio, as Milton Waddams in the film Office Space and as the voices of Bill Dauterive and Buck Strickland in the animated series King of the Hill. He has also won acclaim for his occasional dramatic and comedic roles, such as that of Captain K'Vada in the Star Trek: The Next Generation feature-length episode \"Unification\", and as Gordon Pibb in DodgeBall: A True Underdog Story.
/m/0ddjy	Return of the Jedi, later released as Star Wars Episode VI: Return of the Jedi, is a 1983 American epic science fiction film directed by Richard Marquand and written by George Lucas and Lawrence Kasdan, with Lucas as executive producer. It is the third film released in the Star Wars franchise and the first film to use THX technology. The film is set approximately one year after The Empire Strikes Back and was produced by Howard Kazanjian and Lucasfilm Ltd.\nThe evil Galactic Empire, under the direction of the ruthless Emperor Palpatine, is constructing a second Death Star in order to crush the Rebel Alliance. Since Palpatine plans to personally oversee the final stages of its construction, the Rebel Fleet launches a full-scale attack on the Death Star in order to prevent its completion and kill Palpatine, effectively bringing an end to the Empire. Meanwhile, Luke Skywalker, a Rebel leader and Jedi Apprentice, struggles to bring Darth Vader, who is his father Anakin and himself a fallen Jedi, back from the Dark Side of the Force.\nDavid Lynch and David Cronenberg were considered to direct the project before Marquand signed on as director. The production team relied on Lucas' storyboards during pre-production. While writing the shooting script, Lucas, Kasdan, Marquand, and producer Howard Kazanjian spent two weeks in conference discussing ideas to construct it. Kazanjian's schedule pushed shooting to a few weeks earlier to allow Industrial Light & Magic to work on the film's effects in post-production. Filming took place in England, California, and Arizona from January to March 1982, with Lucas handling second unit work. Strict secrecy surrounded the production and the film used the working title Blue Harvest to prevent price gouging.
/m/01xr6x	Newport is a cathedral and university city and unitary authority in south east Wales. It is located on the River Usk close to its confluence with the Severn estuary, approximately 11 miles east of Cardiff. As of the 2011 census it is the third largest city in Wales, with a city population of 145,736, and an urban population of 306,844. The city forms part of the Cardiff-Newport metropolitan area with a population of 1,097,000.\nNewport has been a port since medieval times, when a castle was built by the Normans. The town outgrew the earlier Roman town of Caerleon, immediately upstream, and gained its first charter in 1314. It grew significantly in the 19th century, when its port became the focus of coal exports from the eastern valleys of South Wales. Until the rise of Cardiff from the 1850s, Newport was Wales' largest coal-exporting port. It was the site of the last large-scale armed insurrection in Britain, the Newport Rising of 1839 led by the Chartists.\nDuring the 20th century, the docks declined in importance, but Newport remained an important manufacturing and engineering centre. It was granted city status in 2002. Newport hosted the Ryder Cup in 2010. It has been announced the city will play host to the 2014 NATO summit.
/m/0bs4r	The Bridge on the River Kwai is a 1957 British-American World War II film directed by David Lean, based on the eponymous French novel by Pierre Boulle. The film is a work of fiction but borrows the construction of the Burma Railway in 1942–43 for its historical setting. It stars William Holden, Jack Hawkins, Alec Guinness and Sessue Hayakawa. The film was filmed in Ceylon. The bridge in the film was located near Kitulgala.\nThe film achieved near-universal critical acclaim, winning seven Academy Awards at the 30th Academy Awards, and in 1997 this film was deemed \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant\" and selected for preservation in the United States Library of Congress National Film Registry. It is widely considered to be one of the greatest films of all time.
/m/02hzx8	Bayer 04 Leverkusen, also known as Bayer Leverkusen, Leverkusen or simply Bayer, is a German football club based in Leverkusen, North Rhine-Westphalia.\nThe club was founded by employees of the German pharmaceutical company Bayer, whose headquarters are in Leverkusen and from which the club draws its name. It was formerly the best-known department of TSV Bayer 04 Leverkusen, a sports club whose members also participate in athletics, gymnastics, basketball and other sports including the RTHC Bayer Leverkusen. In 1999 the football department was separated from the sports club and is now a separate entity formally called Bayer 04 Leverkusen GmbH.\nBayer Leverkusen play in the Bundesliga, the top tier of the German football league system. Leverkusen have won one DFB-Pokal and one UEFA Cup. Since 1958, Bayer Leverkusen's stadium is the BayArena. Bayer Leverkusen's local rivals are Köln.
/m/04pwg	Louis XIV, known as Louis the Great or the Sun King, was a monarch of the House of Bourbon who ruled as King of France and Navarre from 1643 until his death. His reign of 72 years and 110 days is the longest of monarchs of major countries in European history.\nLouis began his personal rule of France in 1661 after the death of his chief minister, the Italian Cardinal Mazarin. An adherent of the theory of the divine right of kings, which advocates the divine origin of monarchical rule, Louis continued his predecessors' work of creating a centralized state governed from the capital. He sought to eliminate the remnants of feudalism persisting in parts of France and, by compelling many members of the nobility to inhabit his lavish Palace of Versailles, succeeded in pacifying the aristocracy, many members of which had participated in the Fronde rebellion during Louis's minority. By these means he became one of the most powerful French monarchs and consolidated a system of absolute monarchical rule in France that endured until the French Revolution.\nDuring Louis's reign, France was the leading European power and it fought three major wars: the Franco-Dutch War, the War of the League of Augsburg, and the War of the Spanish Succession. There were also two lesser conflicts: the War of Devolution and the War of the Reunions. Louis encouraged and benefited from the work of prominent political, military, and cultural figures such as Mazarin, Colbert, the Grand Condé, Turenne and Vauban, as well as Molière, Racine, Boileau, La Fontaine, Lully, Marais, Le Brun, Rigaud, Bossuet, Le Vau, Mansart, Charles and Claude Perrault, and Le Nôtre.
/m/02fgp0	Howard Elliott Ashman was an American playwright and lyricist. Ashman first studied at Boston University and Goddard College and then went on to achieve his master's degree from Indiana University in 1974. He collaborated with Alan Menken on several films, notably animated features for Disney, Ashman writing the lyrics and Menken composing the music.
/m/06n7h7	Natalie Morales-Rhodes is an American broadcast journalist, working for NBC News. As of 2013, she is the Today Show News Anchor and Third Hour Co-Anchor and appears on other programs including Dateline NBC and NBC Nightly News.
/m/08s_lw	Mark Christopher \"Chris\" Bauer is an American film and television actor.
/m/0gkgp	Charleston is the oldest and second-largest city in the southeastern State of South Carolina, the county seat of Charleston County, and the principal city in the Charleston–North Charleston–Summerville Metropolitan Statistical Area. The city lies just south of the geographical midpoint of South Carolina's coastline and is located on Charleston Harbor, an inlet of the Atlantic Ocean formed by the confluence of the Ashley and Cooper rivers.\nFounded in 1670 as Charles Towne in honor of King Charles II of England, Charleston adopted its present name in 1783. It moved to its present location on Oyster Point in 1680 from a location on the west bank of the Ashley River known as Albemarle Point. By 1690, Charles Towne was the fifth largest city in North America, and it remained among the ten largest cities in the United States through the 1840 census. With a 2010 census population of 120,080, current trends put Charleston as the fastest-growing municipality in South Carolina. The Charleston Metropolitan area, comprising Berkeley, Charleston, and Dorchester counties, population was counted by the 2012 estimate at 697,439 – the second largest in the state – and the 78th-largest metropolitan statistical area in the United States.
/m/086h6p	SCE Studio Liverpool was a video game development house head-quartered at Wavertree Technology Park in Liverpool, England. It was part of Sony Computer Entertainment Worldwide Studios. Founded in 1984 as Psygnosis by Jonathan Ellis, Ian Hetherington and David Lawson, the company later became a wholly owned subsidiary of Sony Computer Entertainment, and at the time of its closure employed roughly 100 individuals comprising two development teams. Mick Hocking oversaw Studio Liverpool's operations as its last Group Studio Director, a position he continues to hold within Evolution Studios.\nStudio Liverpool was the oldest and second largest development house within Sony Computer Entertainment Europe's stable of developers, and is best known for the Wipeout series of futuristic racing games, with the first instalment released on the original PlayStation in 1995. The studio is also known for the Formula One series of licensed racing games, and the Colony Wars series released on the original PlayStation. As Psygnosis, they were the original publishers of the Lemmings series.\nReports of Studio Liverpool's closure surfaced on 22 August 2012, with Edge quoting staff tweets. Staff were told the news by the vice president of Sony Worldwide Studios Europe, Michael Denny. In a press release Sony stated that after an assessment of all European studios, it had decided to close Studio Liverpool. Sony said that the Liverpool site would remain in operation, as it is home to a number of Sony World Wide Studios and SCEE Departments.
/m/07cfx	Tasmania is an island state, part of the Commonwealth of Australia, located 240 kilometres to the south of the Australian continent, separated by Bass Strait. The state includes the island of Tasmania, the 26th largest island in the world, and the surrounding 334 islands. The state has a population of 507,626, of whom almost half reside in the greater Hobart precinct. Tasmania's area is 68,401 square kilometres, of which the main island covers 62,409 square kilometres.\nTasmania is promoted as the natural state, the \"Island of Inspiration\", and A World Apart, Not A World Away owing to its large and relatively unspoiled natural environment. Almost 45% of Tasmania lies in reserves, national parks and World Heritage Sites. The island is 364 kilometres long from its northernmost to its southernmost points, and 306 kilometres from west to east.\nThe state capital and largest city is Hobart, which encompasses the local government areas of City of Hobart, City of Glenorchy, and City of Clarence, while the satellite town of Kingston is generally included in the Greater Hobart area.
/m/0466k4	Jacob Gedleyihlekisa Zuma, GCB is the President of South Africa, elected by parliament following his party's victory in the 2009 general election.\nZuma is the President of the African National Congress, the governing political party, and was Deputy President of South Africa from 1999 to 2005. Zuma is also referred to by his initials JZ and his clan name Msholozi. Zuma became the President of the ANC on 18 December 2007 after defeating incumbent Thabo Mbeki at the ANC conference in Polokwane. He was re-elected as ANC leader at the ANC conference in Manguang on 18 December 2012, defeating challenger Kgalema Motlanthe by a large majority. Zuma was also a member of the South African Communist Party, briefly serving on the party's Politburo until he left the party in 1990. On 20 September 2008, Thabo Mbeki announced his resignation after being recalled by the African National Congress's National Executive Committee. The recall came after South African High Court Judge Christopher Nicholson ruled that Mbeki had improperly interfered with the operations of the National Prosecuting Authority, including the prosecution of Jacob Zuma for corruption.
/m/062f2j	Mandopop, or Mandapop, is a colloquial abbreviation for \"Mandarin popular music.\" The English term \"Mandopop\" was coined around 1980 soon after \"Cantopop\" became a popular term for describing popular song in Cantonese, and \"Mandopop\" was then used to describe Mandarin-language popular songs of that time, which were often versions of Cantopop songs sung by the same singers with different lyrics to suit the different rhyme and tonal patterns of Mandarin. It is now used as a general term to describe popular songs performed in Mandarin.\nMandopop is categorized as a subgenre of commercial Chinese-language music within C-pop. Mandopop was the first variety of popular music in Chinese to establish itself as a viable industry. It originated in Shanghai, and later Hong Kong, Taipei and Beijing also emerged as important centers of the Mandopop music industry. Among the countries where Mandopop is most popular are China, Taiwan, Malaysia, and Singapore.
/m/0nr_q	Johnson County is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa. The population was 130,882 in the 2010 census, an increase from 111,006 in the 2000 census. A 2012 Census estimate has the Johnson County population at 136,117. The county seat is Iowa City, the home of the University of Iowa.\nJohnson County is one of the two counties that make up the Iowa City, Iowa Metropolitan Statistical Area. It is named for Richard Mentor Johnson, the ninth vice president of the United States.
/m/0fs_s	Brno or Brunn is the second largest city in the Czech Republic by population and area, the largest Moravian city, and the historical capital city of the Margraviate of Moravia. Brno is the administrative center of the South Moravian Region in which it forms a separate district. The city lies at the confluence of the Svitava and Svratka rivers and has about 400,000 residents; its greater metropolitan area is home to more than 800,000 people while its larger urban zone had population of about 730,000 in 2004.\nBrno is the seat of judicial authority of the Czech Republic – it is the seat of the Constitutional Court, the Supreme Court, the Supreme Administrative Court, and the Supreme Public Prosecutor's Office. The city is also a significant administrative centre. It is the seat of a number of state authorities, including the Ombudsman, the Office for the Protection of Competition and the Czech Agriculture and Food Inspection Authority. Brno is also an important centre of higher education, with 33 faculties belonging to 13 institutes of higher learning and about 89,000 students. There is also a studio of Czech Television and Czech Radio.
/m/01fc7p	The Gallipoli Campaign, also known as the Dardanelles Campaign, the Battle of Gallipoli or the Battle of Çanakkale, was a World War I campaign that took place on the Gallipoli peninsula in the Ottoman Empire between 25 April 1915 and 9 January 1916. The peninsula forms the northern bank of the Dardanelles, a strait that provides a sea route to what was then the Russian Empire, one of the Allied powers during the war. Intending to secure it, Russia's allies Britain and France launched a naval attack followed by an amphibious landing on the peninsula with the eventual aim of capturing the Ottoman capital of Constantinople. The naval attack was repelled and, after eight months' fighting, with many casualties on both sides, the land campaign also failed and the invasion force was withdrawn to Egypt.\nThe campaign was one of the greatest Ottoman victories during the war and is considered a major Allied failure. In Turkey, it is regarded as a defining moment in the nation's history: a final surge in the defence of the motherland as the Ottoman Empire crumbled. The struggle formed the basis for the Turkish War of Independence and the founding of the Republic of Turkey eight years later under Mustafa Kemal Atatürk, a commander at Gallipoli. The campaign is often considered to mark the birth of national consciousness in Australia and New Zealand and the date of the landing, 25 April, is known as \"Anzac Day\". It remains the most significant commemoration of military casualties and veterans there, surpassing Remembrance Day.
/m/0n23n	Logan County is a county in the state of Ohio, United States. According to the 2010 census, it has a population of 45,858, which is a decrease of 0.3% from 46,005 in 2000. The county seat is Bellefontaine. The county is named for Benjamin Logan, who fought Native Americans in the area.\nThe Bellefontaine Micropolitan Statistical Area includes all of Logan County.
/m/01_bp	Chrysler Group LLC is an American automobile manufacturer headquartered in Auburn Hills, Michigan. It is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Italian multinational automaker Fiat S.p.A. Chrysler was one of the \"Big Three\" American automobile manufacturers. It sells vehicles worldwide under its flagship Chrysler brand, as well as the Dodge, Jeep, and Ram brands; it also manufactures vehicles sold under the Fiat brand in North America. Other major divisions of Chrysler include Mopar, its automotive parts and accessories division, and SRT, its performance automobile division. In 2011, Chrysler Group was the twelfth biggest automaker in the world by production.\nThe Chrysler Corporation was founded by Walter Chrysler in 1925, out of what remained of the Maxwell Motor Company. Chrysler greatly expanded in 1928, when it acquired the Fargo truck company and the Dodge Brothers Company and began selling vehicles under those brands; that same year it also established the Plymouth and DeSoto automobile brands. In the 1970s, a number of factors including the 1973 oil crisis impacted Chrysler's sales, and by the late 1970s, Chrysler was on the verge of bankruptcy. Lee Iacocca was brought in as CEO and is credited with returning the company to profitability in the 1980s. In 1987, Chrysler acquired American Motors Corporation, which brought the profitable Jeep brand under the Chrysler umbrella.
/m/04ly1	Louisiana is a state located in the southern region of the United States. Louisiana is the 31st most extensive and the 25th most populous of the 50 United States. Its capital is Baton Rouge and largest city is New Orleans. Louisiana is the only state in the U.S. with political subdivisions termed parishes, which are local governments equivalent to counties. The largest parish by population is East Baton Rouge Parish, and the largest by land area is Cameron Parish.\nMuch of the state's lands were formed from sediment washed down the Mississippi River, leaving enormous deltas and vast areas of coastal marsh and swamp. The two \"Deltas\" are located in Monroe, the parish seat of Ouachita Parish, Shreveport, the parish seat of Caddo Parish, and Alexandria, the parish seat of Rapides Parish, for the small Delta, and Monroe, Lake Charles, and New Orleans for the large Delta. They are referred to as Deltas because they form a perfect triangle shape when the points are lined up. These contain a rich southern biota; typical examples include birds such as ibis and egrets. There are also many species of tree frogs, and fish such as sturgeon and paddlefish. In more elevated areas, fire is a natural process in the landscape, and has produced extensive areas of longleaf pine forest and wet savannas. These support an exceptionally large number of plant species, including many species of orchids and carnivorous plants.
/m/01rlzn	Leicester City Football Club, also known as The Foxes, is an English professional football club based in Leicester at The King Power Stadium They currently play in the Football League Championship, having been promoted as champions from Football League One in the 2008–09 season.\nThe club was founded in 1884 as Leicester Fosse, playing on a field near Fosse Road. They moved to Filbert Street in 1891 and played there for 111 years, before relocating to the nearby Walkers Stadium in 2002.\nLeicester were elected to the Football League in 1894. The club's highest ever finish was second place in the top flight, in Division One in 1928–29. The club holds six Second Division titles and one League One title. They have won the League Cup three times, and have been FA Cup runners-up four times, a tournament record for the most defeats in the final without having won the competition. The club has only spent one season outside the top two tiers of English football.
/m/0n58p	Union County is a county located in the U.S. state of New Jersey. At the 2010 United States Census, the population was 536,499, an increase of 13,958 from the 522,541 enumerated in the 2000 Census, making it the seventh-most populous county in the state, having been surpassed by Ocean County. It is part of the New York metropolitan area. Its county seat is Elizabeth. The Bureau of Economic Analysis ranked the county as having the 119th-highest per capita income of all 3,113 counties in the United States in 2009. A study by Forbes.com determined that Union County pays the second-highest property taxes of all U.S. counties, based on 2007 data. With a population density of 4,955 people per square mile, Union County was the 15th-most densely populated county in America as of the 2010 Census, and third-densest in New Jersey, behind Hudson County and Essex County.\nUnion County was formed on March 19, 1857, from portions of Essex County.
/m/0t_gg	Quincy is a city in Norfolk County, Massachusetts, United States. Its nickname is \"City of Presidents.\" As a major part of Metropolitan Boston, Quincy is a member of Boston's Inner Core Committee for the Metropolitan Area Planning Council. Its population in 2010 was 92,271, making it the 8th largest city in the state.\nQuincy is the birthplace of former U.S. Presidents John Adams and John Quincy Adams, as well as statesman John Hancock, fourth and longest serving President of the Continental Congress. It was named after Colonel John Quincy, maternal grandfather of Abigail Adams and after whom John Quincy Adams was also named. The city is pronounced KWIN-zee, following the pronunciation of the family name, though both are generally mispronounced outside the area.
/m/02k13d	A correspondent or on-the-scene reporter is a journalist or commentator, magazines or more general speaking, an agent who contributes reports to a newspaper, or radio or television news, or another type of company, from a remote, often distant, location. A foreign correspondent is stationed in a foreign country. The term correspondent refers to the original practice of filing news reports via postal letter. The largest networks of correspondents belong to ARD and BBC.
/m/03cs_z7	Craig David Thomas is an American television writer, who, along with writing partner Carter Bays, has written episodes of American Dad!, Oliver Beene, Quintuplets and the hit CBS sitcom How I Met Your Mother, which they created in 2005. In 2012, How I Met Your Mother won Best Comedy at the People's Choice Awards.\nAlong with Carter Bays he is a member of The Solids who perform the theme song to How I Met Your Mother. He has been nominated for seven primetime Emmy Awards, including Best Original Song for \"Nothing Suits Me Like a Suit\". Thomas graduated from Wesleyan University in 1997.
/m/02fgpf	Alan Irwin Menken is an American musical theatre and film composer and pianist.\nMenken is best known for his scores for films produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios. His scores for The Little Mermaid, Beauty and the Beast, Aladdin, and Pocahontas have each won him two Academy Awards. He also composed the scores for The Hunchback of Notre Dame, Hercules, Home on the Range, The Shaggy Dog, Enchanted, and most recently, Tangled and Mirror Mirror. Menken has collaborated on several occasions with lyricists including Howard Ashman, Tim Rice, Glenn Slater and Stephen Schwartz. With eight Academy Award wins, Menken is the second most prolific Oscar winner in a music category after Alfred Newman, who has nine Oscars.
/m/01xr66	A spokesperson or spokesman or spokeswoman is someone engaged or elected to speak on behalf of others.\nIn the present media-sensitive world, many organizations are increasingly likely to employ professionals who have received formal training in journalism, communications, public relations and public affairs in this role in order to ensure that public announcements are made in the most appropriate fashion and through the most appropriate channels to maximize the impact of favorable messages, and to minimize the impact of unfavorable messages. Popular local and national sports stars are often chosen as spokesmen for commercial advertising.\nThe term \"spokesperson\" is gender-neutral language which uses a gender-neutral job title. \"Spokesman\" and \"spokesperson\" can refer to both men and women.
/m/0dr_9t7	Bernie is a 2011 black comedy film directed by Richard Linklater, and written by Linklater and Skip Hollandsworth. The film stars Jack Black, Shirley MacLaine and Matthew McConaughey. It is based on a 1998 Texas Monthly magazine article by Hollandsworth, \"Midnight in the Garden of East Texas,\" that chronicles the 1996 murder of 81-year-old millionaire Marjorie Nugent in Carthage, Texas by her 39-year-old companion, Bernhardt \"Bernie\" Tiede. Tiede proved so highly regarded in Carthage that, in spite of having confessed to the police, the District Attorney was eventually forced to request a rare prosecutorial change of venue in order to secure a fair trial.
/m/088tb	Zoology, or animal biology, is the branch of biology that relates to the animal kingdom, including the structure, embryology, evolution, classification, habits, and distribution of all animals, both living and extinct. The term is derived from Ancient Greek ζῷον, zōon, i.e. \"animal\" and λόγος, logos, i.e. \"knowledge, study\".
/m/01k3tq	Bulldog is the name for a breed of dog commonly referred to as the English Bulldog. Other Bulldog breeds include the American Bulldog, Old English Bulldog, Olde English Bulldogge, and the French Bulldog. The Bulldog is a muscular, heavy dog with a wrinkled face and a distinctive pushed-in nose. The American Kennel Club, The Kennel Club, and the United Kennel Club oversee breeding standards.
/m/0cfhfz	Nine Lives is a 2005 American drama film written and directed by Rodrigo García. The screenplay, an example of hyperlink cinema, relates nine short, loosely intertwined tales with nine different women at their cores. Their themes include parent-child relationships, fractured love, adultery, illness, and death. Similar to García's previous work, Things You Can Tell Just by Looking at Her, it is a series of overlapping vignettes, each one running about the same length and told in a single, unbroken take, featuring an ensemble cast.
/m/02v92l	Mitsuo Yamaguchi, better known by his stage name of Kappei Yamaguchi, is a Japanese voice actor and actor from Fukuoka, affiliated with Gokū and 21st Century Fox.\nHe is best known for the roles of Ranma Saotome, Jackson Neil, Tombo, Yattaro, InuYasha, Ryuichi Sakuma, L, Usopp, Hideyoshi, and Kaito Kid and Shinichi Kudo. His current starring roles include that of Yamada Hifumi, Raimon \"Monta\" Taro, the Deimon Devil Bats' ace receiver in Eyeshield 21. Yamaguchi is also best known as the Japanese voice of Kyle Broflovski, Bugs Bunny and Crash Bandicoot.\nYamaguchi has appeared in eroge as Kyōya Ushihisa. He made his first public appearance in North America at Otakon 2008; and was also a guest at Sakura-Con 2009. Yamaguchi's third appearance to date has been at Animazement in 2010. He also made a fourth appearance in Hawaii at Kawaii Kon in 2011.\nHe is married and has a son.
/m/0l3h	Antigua and Barbuda is a twin-island nation lying between the Caribbean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean. It consists of two major inhabited islands, Antigua and Barbuda, and a number of smaller islands. The permanent population numbers approximately 81,800 and the capital and largest port and city is St. John's, on Antigua.\nSeparated by a few nautical miles, Antigua and Barbuda are in the middle of the Leeward Islands, part of the Lesser Antilles, roughly at 17 degrees north of the Equator. The country is nicknamed \"Land of 365 Beaches\" due to the many beaches surrounding the islands. Its governance, language, and culture have all been strongly influenced by the British Empire, of which the country was formerly a part.
/m/02qny_	Landon Timothy Donovan is an American soccer player currently playing for the Los Angeles Galaxy and the United States men's national team. He has played for Bayer Leverkusen, San Jose Earthquakes, Bayern Munich, and Everton. He usually plays as a withdrawn forward for the Galaxy, but he is just as effective as an attacking midfielder on either wing playing for the U.S.\nA member of the inaugural class of the U.S. Soccer residency program in Bradenton, Florida, Donovan was declared player of the tournament for his role in the United States U17 that finished fourth in the 1999 FIFA U-17 World Championship, Donovan later signed with the German team Bayer Leverkusen. After six years with the club, the majority of which was spent on loan at the San Jose Earthquakes, Donovan moved to the Los Angeles Galaxy in 2005, though he returned to the Bundesliga for a three-month spell at the start of 2009 on loan to Bayern Munich. He went on loan again from January to March 2010 with English Premier League team Everton.\nFor the United States men's national team, Donovan is the all-time leader in scoring and assists, and has the most caps of all active players. Donovan is the only American player to reach the 50 goals/50 assists mark. He is a four-time winner of the U.S. Soccer Athlete of the Year award, as well as the only seven-time winner of the Honda Player of the Year award. Donovan starred in the U.S. team that reached the quarter-finals of the 2002 FIFA World Cup where he received the Best Young Player Award. His three goals in the 2010 FIFA World Cup made Donovan the highest scoring American player in World Cup history and the third American player to score in more than one World Cup.
/m/0gkg6	David Scott \"Dave\" Mustaine is an American musician, best known as the founding guitarist/vocalist of the American thrash metal band Megadeth, and as the original lead guitarist for the American heavy metal band Metallica. Mustaine is considered to be one of the most influential heavy metal guitarists of all time.
/m/0432_5	Infernal Affairs II is a 2003 Hong Kong crime-thriller film directed by Andrew Lau and Alan Mak.\nIt is a prequel to the 2002 film Infernal Affairs. Anthony Wong, Eric Tsang, Edison Chen, Shawn Yue, and Chapman To reprise their roles from the original film alongside new cast members Carina Lau, Francis Ng, Roy Cheung and Hu Jun. Neither Tony Leung nor Andy Lau, who played the central roles in the original, appear in the film, as they are replaced by the younger versions played by Yue and Chen, respectively. The events of the film take place from 1991 to 1997.
/m/04ld94	James Francis Ivory is an American film director, best known for the results of his long collaboration with Merchant Ivory Productions, which included both Indian-born film producer Ismail Merchant, and screenwriter Ruth Prawer Jhabvala. Their films won six Academy Awards.
/m/06hhrs	Richard John Kind is an American actor known for his roles in the sitcoms Mad About You and Spin City.
/m/04228s	A road movie is a film genre in which the main characters leave home to travel from place to place, typically altering the perspective from their everyday lives. The term can still apply to scenarios where it can be a misnomer, such as when the plot of a film involves off-road travel.
/m/05m_8	The Oakland Athletics are a Major League Baseball team based in Oakland, California. The Athletics are a member of the Western Division of Major League Baseball's American League. From 1968 to the present, the Athletics have played in the Oakland Coliseum since moving to Oakland. Overall, the A's have won nine World Series championships, the third-best total in Major League Baseball.\nThe \"Athletics\" name originates from the late 19th century \"athletic clubs\", specifically the Philadelphia Athletics baseball club. They are most prominently nicknamed \"the A's\", in reference to the Gothic script \"A\", a trademark of the team and the old Athletics of Philadelphia. This has gained very prominent use, and in some circles is used more frequently than the full \"Athletics\" name. They are also known as \"the White Elephants\" or simply \"the Elephants\", in reference to then New York Giants' manager John McGraw's calling the team a \"white elephant\". This was embraced by the team, who then made a white elephant the team's mascot, and often incorporated it into the logo or sleeve patches. During the team's 1970s heyday, management often referred to the team as The Swingin' A's, referencing both their prodigious power and to connect the team with the growing disco culture.
/m/02rq7nd	Underbelly is an Australian television true crime-drama series which broadcasts on the Nine Network. Each series is based on real-life events. There has been 6 series in total, an upcoming version scheduled for 2014, titled filmed partially in Greece is a direct sequel follow up to the first series, however is not branded under the Underbelly title.
/m/02pr67	The Pulitzer Prize for Public Service is one of the fourteen American Pulitzer Prizes annually awarded for journalism. It recognizes a distinguished example of meritorious public service by a newspaper or news site through the use of its journalistic resources, which may include editorials, cartoons, photographs, graphics, video and other online material, and may be presented in print or online or both.\nThe Public Service prize was one of the original Pulitzers, established in 1917, but no award was given that year, so it was inaugurated 1918 in a sense. It is the only prize in the program that awards a gold medal and is the most prestigious one for a newspaper to win.\nAs with other Pulitzer Prizes, a committee of jurors narrows the field to three nominees, from which the Pulitzer Board generally picks a winner and finalists. Finalists have been made public since 1980. The Pulitzer Board issues an official citation explaining the reason for the award.
/m/0n6rv	Elko County is a county located in the U.S. state of Nevada. As of the 2010 census, the population was 48,818. Its county seat is Elko. The county was established on March 5, 1869, from Lander County. Elko County is the fourth-largest county in the contiguous United States, ranking lower when the boroughs of Alaska are included. It is also one of only 10 counties in the U.S. with more than 10,000 square miles of area.\nElko County is part of the Elko micropolitan area.
/m/02dgq2	The American University of Beirut; Arabic: الجامعة الأميركية في بيروت‎ is a private, secular, and independent university in Beirut, Lebanon. Degrees awarded at the American University of Beirut are officially registered with the New York Board of Regents.\nThe university is ranked as the number one university in Lebanon and among the top 250 universities in the world by the QS World University Rankings. AUB is also ranked as the first American university located outside of the U.S.A.\nThe American University of Beirut is governed by a private, autonomous Board of Trustees and offers programs leading to Bachelor's, Master’s, MD, and PhD degrees. It collaborates with many universities around the world, notably with Columbia University, George Washington University Medical School in Washington, DC; Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine, and the University of Paris. The current president is the American epigraphist, philologist, and cultural anthropologist, Peter Dorman.\nThe American University of Beirut boasts an operating budget of $300 million with an endowment of approximately $500 million. The campus is composed of 64 buildings, including the American University of Beirut Medical Center, 5 libraries, 3 museums and 7 dormitories. Almost one-fifth of AUB's students attended secondary school or university outside of Lebanon before coming to AUB. AUB Graduates reside in approximately 100 countries worldwide. The language of instruction is English.
/m/0d3mlc	Joshua Blake \"Josh\" Kennedy is an Australian professional football player, who plays as a striker for the Australia national football team and Nagoya Grampus.\nKennedy is known by Australian fans as \"Jesus\" due to his apparent resemblance to traditional depictions of Jesus earlier in his playing career.
/m/09gb_4p	127 Hours is a 2010 British-American biographical survival drama film directed, co-written and produced by Danny Boyle. The film stars James Franco as real-life canyoneer Aron Ralston, who became trapped by a boulder in an isolated slot canyon in Blue John Canyon, southeastern Utah, in April 2003.\nThe film, based on Ralston's memoir Between a Rock and a Hard Place, was written by Boyle and Simon Beaufoy, produced by Christian Colson and John Smithson and the music was scored by A. R. Rahman. Beaufoy, Colson and Rahman had all previously worked with Boyle on Slumdog Millionaire. The film was received well by critics and audiences and it was nominated for six Academy Awards, including Best Picture and Best Actor for Franco.
/m/04nw9	Lucille Désirée Ball was an American comedienne, model, film and television actress and studio executive. She was star of the sitcoms I Love Lucy, The Lucy–Desi Comedy Hour, The Lucy Show, Here's Lucy and Life with Lucy, and was one of the most popular and influential stars in the United States during her lifetime. Ball had one of Hollywood's longest careers. In the 1930s and 1940s she started as an RKO girl, playing bit parts as a chorus girl or similar roles and becoming a television star during the 1950s. She continued making films in the 1960s and 1970s. In 1962, Ball became the first woman to run a major television studio, Desilu, which produced many successful and popular television series such as \"Mission Impossible\" and \"Star Trek\".\nBall was nominated for an Emmy Award thirteen times, and won four times. In 1977, Ball was among the first recipients of the Women in Film Crystal Award. She was the recipient of the Golden Globe Cecil B. DeMille Award in 1979, the Lifetime Achievement Award from the Kennedy Center Honors in 1986, and the Governors Award from the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences in 1989.\nIn 1929, Ball landed work as a model and later began her performing career on Broadway using the stage name \"Diane Belmont\". She assumed many small movie roles in the 1930s as a contract player for RKO Radio Pictures. Ball was dubbed the \"Queen of the Bs\". In 1951, Ball was instrumental in the creation of the television series I Love Lucy. The show co-starred her then-husband, Desi Arnaz, as Ricky Ricardo, Vivian Vance as Ethel Mertz, and William Frawley as Fred Mertz. The Mertzes were the Ricardos' landlords and friends. The show ended in 1957 after 180 episodes. The cast remained intact for a series of one-hour specials from 1957 to 1960 as part of The Westinghouse Desilu Playhouse. Its original network title was The Ford Lucille Ball-Desi Arnaz Show for the first season, and The Westinghouse Desilu Playhouse Presents The Lucille Ball-Desi Arnaz Show for the following seasons. Later reruns were titled the more familiar Lucy-Desi Comedy Hour, which was a perennial summer favorite on CBS through 1967. The specials emphasized guest stars such as Ann Sothern, Rudy Vallee, Tallulah Bankhead, Fred MacMurray and June Haver, Betty Grable and Harry James, Fernando Lamas, Maurice Chevalier, Danny Thomas and his Make Room for Daddy co-stars, Red Skelton, Paul Douglas, Ida Lupino and Howard Duff, Milton Berle, Robert Cummings, and, in the final episode, \"Lucy Meets the Moustache\", Ernie Kovacs and Edie Adams. Ball went on to star in two more successful television series: The Lucy Show, which ran on CBS from 1962 to 1968, and Here's Lucy from 1968 to 1974. Her last attempt at a television series was a 1986 show called Life with Lucy – which failed after eight episodes aired, although 13 were produced.
/m/026bk	Dance is a type of art that generally involves movement of the body, often rhythmic and to music. It is performed in many cultures as a form of emotional expression, social interaction, or exercise, in a spiritual or performance setting, and is sometimes used to express ideas or tell a story. Dance may also be regarded as a form of nonverbal communication between humans or other animals, as in bee dances and behaviour patterns such as a mating dances.\nDefinitions of what constitutes dance can depend on social and cultural norms and aesthetic, artistic and moral sensibilities. Definitions may range from functional movement to virtuoso techniques such as ballet. Martial arts kata are often compared to dances, and sports such as gymnastics, figure skating and synchronized swimming are generally thought to incorporate dance.\nThere are many styles and genres of dance. African dance is interpretative. Ballet, ballroom and tango are classical dance styles. Square dance and electric slide are forms of step dance, and breakdancing is a type of street dance. Dance can be participatory, social, or performed for an audience. It can also be ceremonial, competitive or erotic. Dance movements may be without significance in themselves, as in ballet or European folk dance, or have a gestural vocabulary or symbolic meaning as in some Asian dances.
/m/025v1sx	The Maryland Terrapins football team represents the University of Maryland, College Park in the sport of American football. The Terrapins compete in the Football Bowl Subdivision of the National Collegiate Athletic Association and the Atlantic Division of the Atlantic Coast Conference. Next season the Terps will leave the ACC and become part of the Big Ten Conference. Since 1950, the Terrapins have played their home games at Byrd Stadium in College Park, Maryland, making them the only FBS football team in the Baltimore–Washington metropolitan area. The team's official colors of red, white, black, and gold have been in use in some combination since the 1920s and are taken from the state flag, and the nickname of the \"Terrapins\" was adopted in 1933 after a turtle species native to the state. Maryland shares storied rivalries with Virginia and West Virginia.\nThe program's achievements have included one NCAA-recognized national championship, nine ACC championships, two Southern Conference championships, eleven consensus All-Americans, several Hall of Fame inductees, and twenty-four bowl game appearances. Maryland possesses the third-most ACC championships with nine, which places them behind Clemson and Florida State. Many former Terrapins players and coaches have gone on to careers in professional football including 15 first-round NFL Draft picks.
/m/0cy07	Canterbury is an historic English cathedral city and UNESCO World Heritage Site, which lies at the heart of the City of Canterbury, a local government district of Kent in South East England. It lies on the River Stour.\nOriginally a Brythonic settlement called *Durou̯ernon, it was renamed Durovernum Cantiacorum by the Roman conquerors in the 1st century AD. After it became the chief Jutish settlement, it gained its English name Canterbury, itself derived from the Old English Cantwareburh. After the Kingdom of Kent's conversion to Christianity in 597, St Augustine founded an episcopal see in the city and became the first Archbishop of Canterbury, a position that now heads the Church of England and the worldwide Anglican Communion. Thomas Becket's murder at Canterbury Cathedral in 1170 led to the cathedral becoming a place of pilgrimage for Christians worldwide. This pilgrimage provided the theme for Geoffrey Chaucer's 14th-century literary classic The Canterbury Tales. The literary heritage continued with the birth of the playwright Christopher Marlowe in the city in the 16th century.
/m/05l0j5	Catherine Tate is an English comedian, actress and writer. She has won numerous awards for her work on the sketch comedy series The Catherine Tate Show as well as being nominated for an International Emmy Award and seven BAFTA Awards. Following the success of The Catherine Tate Show, Tate played Donna Noble in the 2006 Christmas special of Doctor Who and later reprised her role, becoming the Doctor's companion for the fourth series in 2008. In 2011, she began a recurring role as Nellie Bertram in the US version of The Office and was a series regular until the series ended.
/m/01ysy9	A diploma is a certificate or deed issued by an educational institution, such as a university, that testifies that the recipient has successfully completed a particular course of study or confers an academic degree. In countries such as the United Kingdom and Australia, the word diploma refers to a level of academic award. The words diplomat and diplomacy have the same origin, from the official \"folded papers\" of accreditation delivered by ambassadors or delegates.\nIn some countries, such as the UK and Australia, such a document can be called a testimonium or testamur, Latin for \"we testify\" or \"certify\", and so called from the word with which the certificate begins. In Ireland, it is generally called a parchment. The certificate that a Nobel laureate receives is also called a diploma.\nThe term diploma is also used in some historical contexts, to refer to documents signed by a King affirming a grant or tenure of specified land and its conditions.
/m/01mskc3	Damian Robert Nesta \"Jr. Gong\" Marley, also known as \"Gong Zilla\", is a Jamaican reggae artist. Damian is the youngest son of reggae legend Bob Marley. Damian was two years old when his father, Bob Marley, died; he is the only child born to Marley and Cindy Breakspeare, Miss World 1976. Damian's nickname Junior Gong is derived from his father's nickname of Tuff Gong. Marley has been performing since the age of 13.
/m/02q_4ph	South Pacific is a 1958 American romantic musical film adaptation of the Rodgers and Hammerstein musical South Pacific, and based on James A. Michener's Tales of the South Pacific. The film, directed by Joshua Logan, starred Rossano Brazzi, Mitzi Gaynor, John Kerr and Ray Walston in the leading roles with Juanita Hall as Bloody Mary, the part that she had played in the original stage production.
/m/01lpx8	The Calgary Stampeders are a professional football team based in Calgary, Alberta, competing in the West Division of the Canadian Football League. The Stampeders play their home games at McMahon Stadium and are the third-oldest active franchise in the CFL. The Stampeders were officially founded in 1935 as the Calgary Bronks, although there were clubs in Calgary as early as 1909. The Stampeders have won 18 Western Division Championships and one Northern Division Championship. They have appeared in 13 Grey Cup Championship games, and have won the league's Grey Cup championship six times; most recently in 2008. The team has a provincial rivalry with the Edmonton Eskimos
/m/029b9k	Dinah Shore was an American singer, actress, television personality, and the top-charting female vocalist of the 1940s. She reached the height of her popularity as a recording artist during the Big Band era of the 1940s and 1950s, but achieved even greater success a decade later, in television, mainly as hostess of a series of variety programs for Chevrolet.\nAfter failing singing auditions for the bands of Benny Goodman and both Jimmy Dorsey and his brother Tommy Dorsey, Shore struck out on her own to become the first singer of her era to achieve huge solo success. She had a string of 80 charted popular hits, lasting from 1940 into the late 1950s, and after appearing in a handful of films went on to a four-decade career in American television, starring in her own music and variety shows in the 1950s and 1960s and hosting two talk shows in the 1970s. TV Guide magazine ranked her at #16 on their list of the top fifty television stars of all time. Stylistically, Shore was compared to two singers who followed her in the mid-to-late 1940s and early 1950s, Doris Day and Patti Page.
/m/03d9d6	The Killers are an American rock band formed in Las Vegas, Nevada in 2001, by Brandon Flowers and Dave Keuning. Mark Stoermer and Ronnie Vannucci Jr. would complete the current line-up of the band in 2002. The name The Killers is derived from a logo on the bass drum of a fictitious band, portrayed in the music video for the New Order song \"Crystal\".\nThe group has released four studio albums, Hot Fuss, Sam's Town, Day & Age and Battle Born, all four albums have gone to number one in the United Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland and they have sold an estimated 22 million albums worldwide. They have also released one compilation album, Sawdust, one live album titled Live from the Royal Albert Hall and a greatest hits album entitled Direct Hits. Along the way they have achieved worldwide success as a live band, performing in over fifty countries and headlining arenas on six continents. Since 2006 the band have released annual Christmas themed singles and videos in aid of the charity Product Red.
/m/0ml_m	Okanogan County is a county located in the State of Washington. As of the 2010 census, the population was 41,120. The county seat is Okanogan, while the largest city is Omak. In area, it is the largest county in the state.\nApproximately 20 percent of residents live in the Greater Omak Area. The county forms a portion of the Okanogan Country. The first county seat was Ruby, Washington, which has now been a ghost town for more than 100 years.\nOkanogan County was formed out of Stevens County on February 2, 1888. The name derives from the Okanagan language place name ukʷnaqín. The name Okanogan also refers to the region that also encompasses part of southern British Columbia.
/m/0d8cr0	S. Manivannan Rajagopal, popularly known mononymously as Manivannan, was an Indian film actor and director. In a career spanning three decades, Manivannan went from being a story and dialogue writer for veteran director Bharathiraja from 1980-82 to a successful director who thrived in experimenting with different genres, before becoming an actor. With over 400 films to his name, Manivannan was one of the most experienced actors in the field and has directed exact 50 films. Manivannan was mainly a supporting actor in films and often played the comedian or the villain's role.
/m/03xnwz	Indie pop is a genre of alternative rock music that originated in the United Kingdom in the mid-1980s, with its roots in Scottish post-punk bands on the Postcard Records label in the early '80s and the dominant UK independent band of the mid-'80s, the Smiths. Indie pop was inspired by punk's DIY ethic and related ideologies, and it generated a thriving fanzine, label, and club and gig circuit. Indie pop differs from indie rock to the extent that it is more melodic, less abrasive, and relatively angst-free.\nThe term \"indie\" had been used for some time to describe artists on independent labels, but the key moment in the naming of \"indie pop\" as a genre was the release of NME's C86 tape in 1986. The compilation featured, among other artists, Primal Scream, the Pastels, and the Wedding Present, and \"indie\" quickly became shorthand for a genre whose defining conventions were identified as jangling guitars, a love of '60s pop, and melodic power pop song structures.\nIn the mid to late '80s, indie pop was criticized for its associations with so-called \"shambling\" and underachievement, but the C86 indie pop scene is now recognized as a pivotal moment for independent music in the UK, as is recognized in the subtitle of that compilation's 2006 extended reissue: CD86: 48 Tracks from the Birth of Indie Pop. Indie pop continues to have a strong following and inspire musicians, not just in the UK but around the world, with new bands, labels and clubs devoted to the sound.
/m/0cfdd	A drum machine is an electronic musical instrument designed to imitate the sound of drums or other percussion instruments. They are most commonly associated with electronic music, but are also used in many other genres. They are also a common necessity when session drummers are not available or desired.\nMost modern drum machines are sequencers with a sample playback or synthesizer component that specializes in the reproduction of drum timbres. Though features vary from model to model, many modern drum machines can also produce unique sounds, and allow the user to compose unique drum beats.
/m/049ql1	Vivendi SA is a French multinational mass media and telecommunication company headquartered in Paris, France. The company has activities in music, television and film, telecommunications, and the Internet.
/m/06ylv0	OFI, is a Greek association football club based in Heraklion, on the island of Crete. Outside Greece, the club is generally known as OFI Crete F.C., however, the name Crete is not actually part of the club's official title.\nOFI is the club with most appearances in the Greek first division among clubs of the Greek province. The club has had noticeable success to date, particularly considering its comparative status, and has won one Greek Cup and one Balkans Cup, while they have competed several times in UEFA competitions.\nAt the end of the 2008–09 season, OFI was relegated to Beta Ethniki, thus ending a notable 33-year run in the Greek top division. In the 2010-11 season they were promoted back to the top flight.
/m/02dwpf	In baseball and softball, a relief pitcher or reliever is a pitcher who enters the game after the starting pitcher is removed due to injury, ineffectiveness, fatigue, ejection, or for other strategic reasons, such as being substituted by a pinch hitter. Relief pitchers are further divided informally into various roles, such as closers, set-up relief pitchers, middle relief pitchers, left/right-handed specialists, and long relievers. Whereas starting pitchers usually rest several days before pitching in a game again due to the amount of pitches thrown, relief pitchers are expected to be more flexible and typically pitch more games but with fewer innings pitched. A team's staff of relievers is normally referred to metonymically as a team's bullpen, which is the area where the relievers sit during games, and in which they warm-up prior to entering the game.
/m/030tjk	Ian La Frenais, OBE, is an English writer best known for his creative partnership with Dick Clement. They are most famous for television series including The Likely Lads, Whatever Happened to the Likely Lads?, Porridge, Lovejoy and Auf Wiedersehen, Pet.
/m/0mnm2	Lexington is an independent city in the Commonwealth of Virginia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 7,042. It is the county seat of Rockbridge County, although the two are separate jurisdictions. The Bureau of Economic Analysis combines the city of Lexington with Rockbridge County for statistical purposes. Lexington is about 55 minutes east of the West Virginia border and is about 50 miles north of Roanoke, Virginia. It was first settled in 1777.\nLexington is the location of the Virginia Military Institute and Washington and Lee University.
/m/04n7jdv	Rap metal is a sub-genre of rap rock and alternative metal music which fuses vocal and instrumental elements of hip hop with heavy metal.
/m/05bm4sm	Michael Semanick is a film sound re-recording mixer.
/m/0lhp1	Real Zaragoza, S.A.D. is a Spanish football team based in Zaragoza, in the autonomous community of Aragon. Founded on 18 March 1932 it currently plays in Segunda División, holding home games at La Romareda, which seats 34,596 spectators.\nThe club has spent the majority of its history in La Liga, winning the Copa del Rey six times and the 1994–95 UEFA Cup Winners' Cup, amongst other trophies. Traditionally, team colours are white shirts and socks with royal blue shorts.\nA government survey in 2007 found that 2.7% of the Spanish population support the club, making them the seventh-most supported in the country.
/m/0gm2_0	The Lookout is a 2007 crime film written and directed by Scott Frank, screenwriter of Out of Sight and Get Shorty, starring Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Jeff Daniels, Matthew Goode, and Isla Fisher.\nThe Lookout is Frank's directorial debut. It was produced by Birnbaum/Barber, Laurence Mark Productions, Parkes/MacDonald Productions, Spyglass Entertainment, and Miramax Films. Miramax distributes the film in the USA, and Buena Vista International elsewhere.
/m/0kff3	The cougar, also known as the mountain lion, puma, panther, painter, mountain cat, or catamount, is a large cat of the family Felidae native to the Americas. Its range, from the Canadian Yukon to the southern Andes of South America, is the greatest of any large wild terrestrial mammal in the Western Hemisphere. An adaptable, generalist species, the cougar is found in most American habitat types. It is the second heaviest cat in the New World, after the jaguar. Secretive and largely solitary by nature, the cougar is properly considered both nocturnal and crepuscular, although sightings during daylight hours do occur. The cougar is more closely related to smaller felines, including the domestic cat, than to any subspecies of lion.\nAn excellent stalk-and-ambush predator, the cougar pursues a wide variety of prey. Primary food sources include ungulates such as deer, elk, moose, and bighorn sheep, as well as domestic cattle, horses and sheep, particularly in the northern part of its range. It will also hunt species as small as insects and rodents. This cat prefers habitats with dense underbrush and rocky areas for stalking, but can also live in open areas. The cougar is territorial and survives at low population densities. Individual territory sizes depend on terrain, vegetation, and abundance of prey. While large, it is not always the apex predator in its range, yielding to the jaguar, gray wolf, American black bear, and grizzly bear. It is reclusive and mostly avoids people. Fatal attacks on humans are rare, but have been trending upward in recent years as more people enter their territory.
/m/06y57	Sydney is the state capital of New South Wales, the most populous city in Australia. It is on Australia's south-east coast, on the Tasman Sea. In June 2010 the greater metropolitan area had an approximate population of 4.6 million people. Inhabitants of Sydney are called Sydneysiders, comprising a cosmopolitan and international population.\nThe site of the first British colony in Australia, Sydney was established in 1788 at Sydney Cove by Captain Arthur Phillip, of the First Fleet, as a penal colony. The city is built on hills surrounding Port Jackson, which is commonly known as Sydney Harbour, where the iconic Sydney Opera House and the Harbour Bridge are prominent structures. The hinterland of the metropolitan area is surrounded by national parks, and the coastal regions feature many bays, rivers, inlets and beaches, including the famous Bondi and Manly beaches. Within the city are many parklands, including Hyde Park and the Royal Botanic Gardens.\nSydney is a consistently high-ranking world city for quality of life and the Economist Intelligence Unit ranked it the world's third most expensive city in 2013. It has hosted multiple major international sporting events, including the 1938 British Empire Games, the 2000 Summer Olympics and the final of the 2003 Rugby World Cup. The main airport serving Sydney is Sydney Airport and its main port is Port Botany.
/m/0fwwkj	The Virginia Tech Hokies football team represents Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University in the sport of American football. The Hokies compete in the Football Bowl Subdivision of the National Collegiate Athletic Association and the Coastal Division of the Atlantic Coast Conference as of 2004. They previously competed in the Big East. They have more wins in team history than any other program in the ACC. Their home games are played at Lane Stadium, located in Blacksburg, Virginia, with a seating capacity of over 65,000 fans. Lane Stadium is considered to be one of the loudest stadiums in the country, being voted number one in ESPN's \"Top 20 Scariest Places to Play\". Also, it was recognized in 2005 by Rivals.com as having the best home-field advantage in the country.\nThe Hokies currently have the second-longest bowl game streak in the country, having participated in the postseason every year since 1993. Only Florida State has a longer current streak. In program history, the Hokies have finished with a Top-10 ranking six times, won eight conference championships, and contended once for the national championship, losing to Florida State University 46–29 in the 2000 Sugar Bowl led by redshirt freshman quarterback Michael Vick.
/m/02gkzs	The One Hundredth United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, composed of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, D.C. from January 3, 1987, to January 3, 1989, during the last two years of Ronald Reagan's presidency. The apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives was based on the Twentieth Census of the United States in 1980. Both chambers had a Democratic majority.
/m/0kw4j	American University is a private, coeducational, liberal arts curriculum, doctoral, and research-based university in Washington, D.C., United States, affiliated with the United Methodist Church, although the university's curriculum is secular. The university was chartered by an Act of Congress on February 24, 1893 as \"The American University,\" when the bill was approved by President Benjamin Harrison. Roughly 7,200 undergraduate students and 5,230 graduate students are currently enrolled. AU is a member of the Consortium of Universities of the Washington Metropolitan Area. A member of the Division I Patriot League, its sports teams compete as the American University Eagles. AU's 84-acre campus is designated as a national arboretum and public garden that has a rich botanical history.\nAmerican's main campus is located at the intersection of Nebraska and Massachusetts Avenues at Ward Circle in the Spring Valley neighborhood of Northwest Washington. The area is served by the Tenleytown-AU station on the Washington Metro subway line in the nearby neighborhood of Tenleytown.\nAU was named the \"most politically active school\" in the nation in The Princeton Review's annual survey of college students in 2008, 2010, and 2012. American University is especially known for promoting international understanding reflected in the diverse student body from more than 150 countries, the university’s course offerings, the faculty's research, and from the regular presence of world leaders on its campus. The university has six unique schools, including the well-regarded School of International Service that is currently ranked 8th in the world for its graduate programs in International Affairs by Foreign Policy. and the Washington College of Law.
/m/015f47	Alles Door Oefening Den Haag, commonly known by the abbreviated name ADO Den Haag, is a Dutch football club from the city of The Hague. The club was for a time known as FC Den Haag, with ADO representing the amateur branch of the club. Despite being from one of the traditional three large Dutch cities, it has not been able to match AFC Ajax, Feyenoord or PSV in terms of success in the Eredivisie or in European competition. There is nonetheless a big rivalry with Ajax and Feyenoord. The words Alles Door Oefening translates into Everything Through Practice in Dutch.
/m/03gwpw2	The 12th Satellite Awards, honoring the best in film- and television-making in 2007, were given on December 16, 2007.
/m/0156q	Berlin is the capital city of Germany and one of the 16 states of Germany. With a population of 3.4 million people, Berlin is Germany's largest city and is the second most populous city proper and the seventh most populous urban area in the European Union. Located in northeastern Germany on the River Spree, it is the center of the Berlin-Brandenburg Metropolitan Region, which has about 4½ million residents from over 180 nations. Due to its location in the European Plain, Berlin is influenced by a temperate seasonal climate. Around one third of the city's area is composed of forests, parks, gardens, rivers and lakes.\nFirst documented in the 13th century, Berlin became the capital of the Kingdom of Prussia, the German Empire, the Weimar Republic and the Third Reich. Berlin in the 1920s was the third largest municipality in the world. After World War II, the city, along with the German state, was divided - into East Berlin — capital of the German Democratic Republic, colloquially identified in English as East Germany — and West Berlin, a political exclave and a de facto state of the Federal Republic of Germany, known colloquially in English as West Germany from 1949 to 1990. Following German reunification in 1990, the city was once more designated as the capital of all Germany.
/m/03k99c	Tom and Jerry is an American animated series of short films created in 1940 by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera. It centers on a rivalry between its two main characters, Tom Cat and Jerry Mouse, and many recurring characters, based around slapstick comedy. Tom and Jerry has gained a worldwide audience and is one of the most popular and critically acclaimed cartoon series.\nIn its original run, Hanna and Barbera produced 114 Tom and Jerry shorts for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer from 1940 to 1957. During this time, they won seven Academy Awards for Animated Short Film, tying first place with Walt Disney's Silly Symphonies with the most awards in the category. After the MGM cartoon studio closed in 1957, MGM revived the series with Gene Deitch directing an additional 13 Tom and Jerry shorts for Rembrandt Films from 1961 to 1962. Tom and Jerry then became the highest-grossing film series all of time, overtaking Looney Tunes. Chuck Jones then produced another 34 shorts with Sib-Tower 12 Productions between 1963 and 1967. Two more shorts were produced, The Mansion Cat in 2001 and The Karate Guard in 2005, for a total of 163 shorts. Various shorts have been released for home media since the 1990s.\nA number of spin-offs have been made, including the television series The Tom and Jerry Show, The Tom and Jerry Comedy Show, Tom & Jerry Kids, Tom and Jerry Tales, and The Tom and Jerry Show. The first feature-length film based on the series, Tom and Jerry: The Movie, was released in 1992 before ten direct-to-video films were produced between 2002 and 2013.
/m/02tv80	Dean Stockwell is an American actor of film and television, with a career spanning over 65 years. As a child actor under contract to Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer he first came to the public's attention in films such as Anchors Aweigh and The Green Years; as a young adult he played a lead role in the 1957 Broadway and 1959 screen adaptations of Meyer Levin's Compulsion, a novel based on the true-life story of Leopold and Loeb.\nMore recently he became widely known for television roles, playing Rear Admiral Albert \"Al\" Calavicci in the 1989–1993 television series Quantum Leap, and Brother Cavil in the Sci Fi Channel 21st century revival of Battlestar Galactica.
/m/0523v5y	Van Nest Polglase was an American art director. He was nominated for six Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction. Best remembered as head of the design department at RKO Pictures, he worked on 333 films between 1925 and 1957.\nHe was born in Brooklyn, New York and died in Los Angeles, California. His death notice noted that he was \"survived by his son Dr. Van Nest Polglase and 2 grandchildren\", his wife, Helen, having predeceased him six months earlier.
/m/09yrh	Jennifer Joanna Aniston is an American actress, film director, and producer. She gained worldwide recognition for portraying Rachel Green on the television sitcom Friends, a role which earned her an Emmy Award, a Golden Globe Award, and a Screen Actors Guild Award. In 2012, she received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. Additionally, Men's Health magazine voted Aniston the \"Sexiest Woman of All Time\".\nAniston has also enjoyed a successful film career. Her greatest box office hits include Bruce Almighty, The Break-Up, Marley & Me, Just Go with It, Horrible Bosses and We're the Millers, all of which have grossed over $100 million in the United States. One of her most critically acclaimed roles was in The Good Girl, for which she was nominated for an Independent Spirit Award for Best Female Lead. She is the co-founder of the production company Echo Films.
/m/030tj5	Dick Clement, OBE is an English writer best known for his writing partnership with Ian La Frenais. They are most famous for television series including The Likely Lads, Whatever Happened to the Likely Lads?, Porridge, Lovejoy and Auf Wiedersehen, Pet.
/m/01337_	James Harrison Coburn III was an American film and television actor. Coburn appeared in nearly 70 films and made more than 100 television appearances during his 45-year career, winning an Academy Award for his supporting role as Glen Whitehouse in Affliction.\nA capable, rough-hewn leading man, his toothy grin, and lanky body made him a perfect tough-guy in numerous leading and supporting roles in westerns and action films, such as The Magnificent Seven, Snow Dogs, Hell Is for Heroes, The Great Escape, Major Dundee, Our Man Flint, In Like Flint, Duck, You Sucker, Pat Garrett and Billy the Kid, Charade, and Cross of Iron.\nDuring the late 1960s and early 1970s he would cultivate an image synonymous with \"cool\", and along with such contemporaries as Lee Marvin, Steve McQueen, and Charles Bronson, became one of the prominent \"tough-guy\" actors of his day.
/m/0brgy	Anorexia is the decreased sensation of appetite. While the term in non-scientific publications is often used interchangeably with anorexia nervosa, many possible causes exist for a decreased appetite, some of which may be harmless, while others indicate a serious clinical condition or pose a significant risk.\nFor example, anorexia of infection is part of the acute phase response to infection. The APR can be triggered by lipopolysaccharides and peptidoglycans from bacterial cell walls, bacterial DNA, double-stranded viral RNA, and viral glycoproteins, which can trigger production of a variety of proinflammatory cytokines. These can have an indirect effect on appetite by a number of means, including peripheral afferents from their sites of production in the body, by enhancing production of leptin from fat stores. Inflammatory cytokines can also signal to the central nervous system more directly by specialized transport mechanisms through the blood–brain barrier, via circumventricular organs, or by triggering production of eicosanoids in the endothelial cells of the brain vasculature. Ultimately the control of appetite by this mechanism is thought to be mediated by the same factors normally controlling appetite, such as neurotransmitters.
/m/0190zg	G-funk, or gangsta-funk, is a sub-genre of hip hop music that emerged from West Coast gangsta rap in the early 1990s.
/m/0707q	A short story is a brief work of literature, usually written in narrative prose. Emerging from earlier oral storytelling traditions in the 17th century, the short story has grown to encompass a body of work so diverse as to defy easy characterization. At its most prototypical the short story features a small cast of named characters, and focuses on a self-contained incident with the intent of evoking a \"single effect\" or mood. In doing so, short stories make use of plot, resonance, and other dynamic components to a far greater degree than is typical of an anecdote, yet to a far lesser degree than a novel. While the short story is largely distinct from the novel, authors of both generally draw from a common pool of literary techniques.\nShort stories have no set length. In terms of word count there is no official demarcation between an anecdote, a short story, and a novel. Rather, the form's parameters are given by the rhetorical and practical context in which a given story is produced and considered, so that what constitutes a short story may differ between genres, countries, eras, and commentators. Like the novel, the short story's predominant shape reflects the demands of the available markets for publication, and the evolution of the form seems closely tied to the evolution of the publishing industry and the submission guidelines of its constituent houses.
/m/0btyf5z	Rise of the Apes is in pre-production as of May 2010.  This origin story for a new franchise takes place in modern day San Francisco and will star James Franco.   It is currently scheduled for a June 24, 2011 release date.  Weta Digital will provide CGI and other special effects.
/m/012x1l	The Pretenders are an English-American rock band formed in Hereford, England, in March 1978. The original band comprised initiator and main songwriter Chrissie Hynde, James Honeyman-Scott, Pete Farndon, and Martin Chambers. Following the drug-related deaths of Honeyman-Scott and Farndon, the band has experienced numerous subsequent personnel changes, with Hynde as the only consistent member, and Chambers returning after an absence of several years.
/m/0xn7b	Hoboken is a city in Hudson County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, the city's population was 50,005, having grown by 11,428 from the 38,577 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn increased by 5,180 from the 33,397 counted in the 1990 Census. The city is part of the New York metropolitan area and contains Hoboken Terminal, a major transportation hub for the region. Hoboken is also the location of the first recorded game of baseball and of the Stevens Institute of Technology, one of the oldest technological universities in the United States.\nHoboken was first settled as part of the Pavonia, New Netherland colony in the 17th century. During the early 19th century the city was developed by Colonel John Stevens, first as a resort and later as a residential neighborhood. It became a township in 1849 and was incorporated as a city in 1855. Its waterfront was an integral part of the Port of New York and New Jersey and home to major industries for most of the 20th century. The character of the city has changed from a blue collar town to one of upscale shops and condominiums. Hoboken is part of the New Jersey Gold Coast.
/m/0pz6q	The University of Freiburg, sometimes referred to with its full title, the Albert Ludwig University of Freiburg, is a public research university located in Freiburg im Breisgau, Baden-Württemberg, Germany.\nThe university was founded in 1457 by the Habsburg dynasty as the second university in Austrian-Habsburg territory after the University of Vienna. Today, Freiburg is the fifth-oldest university in Germany, with a long tradition of teaching the humanities, social sciences and natural sciences. The university is made up of 11 faculties and attracts students from across Germany as well as from over 120 other countries. Foreign students constitute about 16% of total student numbers.\nNamed as one of elite universities of Germany by academics, political representatives and the media, the University of Freiburg stands amongst Europe's top research and teaching institutions. With its long-standing reputation of excellence, the university looks both to the past, to maintain its historic academic and cultural heritage, and to the future, developing new methods and opportunities to meet the needs of a changing world. The University of Freiburg has been home to some of the greatest minds of the Western tradition, including such eminent figures as Martin Heidegger, Hannah Arendt, Rudolf Carnap, David Daube, Johann Eck, Hans-Georg Gadamer, Friedrich Hayek, Edmund Husserl, Friedrich Meinecke, and Max Weber. In addition, 19 Nobel laureates are affiliated with the University of Freiburg and 15 academics have been honored with the highest German research prize, the Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz Prize, while working at the University of Freiburg.
/m/05fyss	Dennis Lehane is an American crime author. He has written several novels, including A Drink Before the War and Mystic River, which was later made into a film. Another novel, Gone, Baby, Gone, was also adapted into a film. His novel Shutter Island was adapted into a film by Martin Scorsese in 2010. Lehane is a graduate of Eckerd College in St. Petersburg, Florida.
/m/02tn0_	Anthony Scott is a film producer.
/m/07q0g5	Jennifer Leann Carpenter is an American actress. Carpenter is best known for playing Debra Morgan on the hit Showtime drama series Dexter, for which she won a Saturn Award in 2009.
/m/0bjqh	The School of the Art Institute of Chicago is one of America's largest accredited independent schools of art and design, located in the Loop in Chicago, Illinois. It is associated with the museum of the same name, and \"The Art Institute of Chicago\" or \"Chicago Art Institute\" often refers to either entity. Providing degrees at the undergraduate and graduate levels, SAIC has been recognized by U.S. News & World Report as one of the top two graduate art programs in the nation, as well as by Columbia University's National Arts Journalism survey as the most influential art school in the United States.\nSAIC has been accredited since 1936 by the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools, by the National Association of Schools of Art and Design since 1944, and by the Association of Independent Colleges of Art and Design since its founding in 1991. Additionally it is accredited by the National Architectural Accrediting Board.\nIts downtown Chicago campus consists of seven buildings located in the immediate vicinity of the AIC building. SAIC is in an equal partnership with the AIC and share many administrative resources such as design, construction, and human resources.
/m/0gv5c	Ben Hecht was an American screenwriter, director, producer, playwright, and novelist. Called \"the Shakespeare of Hollywood\", he received screen credits, alone or in collaboration, for the stories or screenplays of some seventy films and as a prolific storyteller, authored thirty-five books and created some of the most entertaining screenplays and plays in America. Film historian Richard Corliss called him \"the Hollywood screenwriter\", someone who \"personified Hollywood itself.\" The Dictionary of Literary Biography - American Screenwriters calls him \"one of the most successful screenwriters in the history of motion pictures.\"\nHe was the first screenwriter to receive an Academy Award for Original Screenplay, for the movie Underworld. The number of screenplays he wrote or worked on that are now considered classics is, according to Chicago's Newberry Library, \"astounding,\" and included films such as, Scarface, The Front Page, Twentieth Century, Barbary Coast, Nothing Sacred, Some Like It Hot, Gone with the Wind, Gunga Din, Wuthering Heights, His Girl Friday, Spellbound, Notorious, Monkey Business, A Farewell to Arms, Mutiny on the Bounty, and Casino Royale. He also provided story ideas for such films as Stagecoach. In 1940, he wrote, produced, and directed, Angels Over Broadway, which was nominated for Best Screenplay. In total, six of his movie screenplays were nominated for Academy Awards, with two winning.
/m/0mwjk	Mercer County is a county located in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2010 census, the population was 116,638. Its county seat is Mercer, and its largest city is Hermitage.\nMercer County was part of the Sharon MSA as designated by the U.S. Census Bureau until the 2000 census, when it was appended to the Youngstown-Warren-Boardman, OH-PA MSA.
/m/0gy1_	WWE, also known by its legal name of World Wrestling Entertainment, Inc., is an American publicly traded, privately controlled entertainment company that deals primarily in professional wrestling, with major revenue sources also coming from film, music, product licensing and direct product sales.\n\"WWE\" also refers to the professional wrestling promotion itself, founded by Jess McMahon and Toots Mondt in 1952, and, as of 2011, the largest in the world, holding about 320 house shows a year and broadcasting to about 36 million viewers in more than 150 countries.\nLike in other professional wrestling promotions, WWE shows are not legitimate sporting contests, but purely entertainment-based, featuring storyline-driven, scripted and choreographed matches, though they often include moves that can put performers at risk of injury if not performed correctly. WWE first acknowledged this publicly in 1981, breaking the gentlemen's agreement that previously existed among promoters.\nVince McMahon is the majority owner, chairman and chief executive officer of the company. Together with his wife Linda McMahon, and their children Shane McMahon and Stephanie McMahon, the McMahons hold approximately 70% of WWE's equity and 96% of the voting power in the company. The company's headquarters are located in Stamford, Connecticut, with offices in New York City, Los Angeles, London, Shanghai, Tokyo, Singapore, and Mumbai.
/m/037jz	Gilbert Keith Chesterton, KC*SG better known as G.K. Chesterton, was an English writer, lay theologian, poet, dramatist, journalist, orator, literary and art critic, biographer, and Christian apologist. Chesterton is often referred to as the \"prince of paradox.\" Time magazine, in a review of a biography of Chesterton, observed of his writing style: \"Whenever possible Chesterton made his points with popular sayings, proverbs, allegories—first carefully turning them inside out.\"\nChesterton is well known for his fictional priest-detective Father Brown, and for his reasoned apologetics. Even some of those who disagree with him have recognized the universal appeal of such works as Orthodoxy and The Everlasting Man. Chesterton, as a political thinker, cast aspersions on both Progressivism and Conservatism, saying, \"The whole modern world has divided itself into Conservatives and Progressives. The business of Progressives is to go on making mistakes. The business of the Conservatives is to prevent the mistakes from being corrected.\" Chesterton routinely referred to himself as an \"orthodox\" Christian, and came to identify this position more and more with Catholicism, eventually converting to Roman Catholicism from High Church Anglicanism. George Bernard Shaw, Chesterton's \"friendly enemy\" according to Time, said of him, \"He was a man of colossal genius.\" Biographers have identified him as a successor to such Victorian authors as Matthew Arnold, Thomas Carlyle, John Henry Cardinal Newman, and John Ruskin.
/m/04vjh	Mauritania, officially the Islamic Republic of Mauritania, is a country in the Maghreb region of western North Africa. It is bordered by the Atlantic Ocean in the west, by Moroccan-controlled Western Sahara in the north, by Algeria in the northeast, by Mali in the east and southeast, and by Senegal in the southwest. It is named after the ancient Berber Kingdom of Mauretania, which existed long ago in the far north of modern-day Morocco. The capital and largest city of Mauritania is Nouakchott, located on the Atlantic coast.\nThe government of Mauritania was overthrown on 6 August 2008, in a military coup d'état led by General Mohamed Ould Abdel Aziz. On 16 April 2009, General Aziz resigned from the military to run for president in the 19 July elections, which he won.\nIn Mauritania about 20% of the population live on less than US$1.25 per day. Slavery in Mauritania has been called a major human rights issue, with over 150,000 people – proportionally the highest for any country – being enslaved against their will, especially enemies of the government. Other estimates are higher: 10% to 20% of the population of Mauritania lives in slavery. Additional human rights concerns practices in the country of female genital mutilation, child labour, and human trafficking.
/m/01cj6y	Adrien Brody is an American actor and film producer. He received widespread recognition and acclaim after starring in Roman Polanski's The Pianist, for which he won the Academy Award for Best Actor at age 29, the only actor under 30 to do so. Brody is also the only American actor to receive the French César Award.
/m/025tkqy	Calcium is the chemical element with symbol Ca and atomic number 20. Calcium is a soft gray alkaline earth metal, and is the fifth-most-abundant element by mass in the Earth's crust. Calcium is also the fifth-most-abundant dissolved ion in seawater by both molarity and mass, after sodium, chloride, magnesium, and sulfate.\nCalcium is essential for living organisms, in particular in cell physiology, where movement of the calcium ion Ca2+ into and out of the cytoplasm functions as a signal for many cellular processes. As a major material used in mineralization of bone, teeth and shells, calcium is the most abundant metal by mass in many animals.
/m/01nd2c	1. Fußball-Club Kaiserslautern e. V., also known as 1. FCK, FCK or simply 1. FC Kaiserslautern, is a German association football club based in Kaiserslautern, Rhineland-Palatinate. On 2 June 1900, Germania 1896 and FG Kaiserslautern merged to create FC 1900. In 1909, the club went on to join FC Palatia and FC Bavaria to form FV 1900 Kaiserslautern. In 1929 they merged with SV Phönix to become FV Phönix-Kaiserslautern before finally taking on their current name three years later.\nKaiserslautern have won four German football championships, two DFB-Pokals, and one DFL-Supercup. Since 1920, Kaiserslautern's stadium is the Fritz-Walter-Stadion.
/m/015pdg	Southern rock is a subgenre of rock music and a genre of Americana. It developed in the Southern United States from rock and roll, country music, and blues, and is focused generally on electric guitar and vocals. Although the origin of the term southern rock is unknown, \"many people feel that these important contributors to the development of rock and roll have been minimized in rock's history.\" The most important figures of southern rock can be listed as The Allman Brothers Band, Lynyrd Skynyrd, Black Oak Arkansas, Molly Hatchet, Blackfoot, the Marshall Tucker Band, Outlaws and 38 Special.
/m/02mt51	Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind is a 2004 American romantic science fiction thriller film about an estranged couple who have each other erased from their memories, scripted by Charlie Kaufman and directed by Michel Gondry. The film uses elements of science fiction, psychological thriller, and a nonlinear narrative to explore the nature of memory and romantic love. It opened in North America on March 19, 2004, and grossed over $70 million worldwide.\nKaufman and Gondry wrote the story with Pierre Bismuth. The ensemble cast includes Jim Carrey, Kate Winslet, Kirsten Dunst, Mark Ruffalo, Elijah Wood, Tom Wilkinson, Jane Adams, and David Cross.\nThe film was a critical and commercial success, winning the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay, and has garnered a cult following. Winslet received an Academy Award nomination for Best Actress.
/m/04d18d	Scarlet is a bright red with a slightly orange tinge. In the spectrum of visible light, and on the traditional color wheel, it is one-fourth of the way between red and orange, slightly less orange than vermilion.\nAccording to surveys in Europe and the United States, scarlet and other bright shades of red are the colors most associated with courage, force, passion, heat, and joy. In the Roman Catholic Church, scarlet is the color worn by a cardinal, and is associated with the blood of Christ and the Christian martyrs, and with sacrifice.\nScarlet is also often associated with immorality and sin, particularly prostitution or adultery, largely because of a passage referring to \"The Great Harlot\", \"dressed in purple and scarlet\", in the Bible.
/m/011_vz	Faith No More is an American rock band from San Francisco, California. The band was originally formed as Faith No Man, in 1981. Billy Gould, Roddy Bottum and Mike Bordin are the longest remaining members of the band, having been involved with Faith No More since its inception. The band underwent several lineup changes throughout their career. Faith No More officially disbanded in April 1998. They have since reunited, along with all members from their latest release Album of the Year, playing shows to support their The Second Coming Tour, between 2009-2012. The band has not officially announced any future plans to play more shows, or to record another album. The last version of Faith No More to perform consisted of Mike Bordin, Roddy Bottum, Billy Gould, Jon Hudson, and Mike Patton.
/m/027_sn	William December \"Billy Dee\" Williams, Jr. is an American actor, artist, singer, and writer known for his work as a leading man in 1970s African-American cinema, in movies including Mahogany and Lady Sings the Blues, and for playing the character of Lando Calrissian in the movies Star Wars Episode V: The Empire Strikes Back, Star Wars Episode VI: Return of the Jedi and The Lego Movie.
/m/04h9yl	Streamline Moderne, or Art Moderne, was a late type of the Art Deco architecture and design that emerged in the 1930s. Its architectural style emphasized curving forms, long horizontal lines, and sometimes nautical elements.
/m/0fzrtf	1957's best films were honored at the 30th Academy Awards, held on 26 March 1958.\nThe Oscar for Writing Based on Material From Another Medium was awarded to Pierre Boulle for The Bridge on the River Kwai, despite the fact that he did not know English. The actual writers, Carl Foreman and Michael Wilson were blacklisted at the time and did not receive screen credit for their work. Foreman and Wilson have since been acknowledged by the Academy for their contributions.\nJoanne Woodward's win for Best Actress for her triple role as Eve White, Eve Black and Jane in The Three Faces of Eve marked the film as the last film to win Best Actress without being nominated for other awards. This was broken 31 years later when Jodie Foster won Best Actress for her role in The Accused, the film's only nomination.\nPeyton Place tied the record for the most nominations without a single win with The Little Foxes. It would not be broken until 1977 when The Turning Point received 11 nominations without a win, which has not been broken since, though The Color Purple subsequently tied the record. Peyton Place also set the record for most unsuccessful acting nominations with five; this record has been tied once, by Tom Jones at the 36th Academy Awards.
/m/072hx4	March of the Penguins is a 2005 French nature documentary film directed and co-written by Luc Jacquet, and co-produced by Bonne Pioche and the National Geographic Society. The film depicts the yearly journey of the Emperor Penguins of Antarctica. In autumn, all the penguins of breeding age leave the ocean, their normal habitat, to walk inland to their ancestral breeding grounds. There, the penguins participate in a courtship that, if successful, results in the hatching of a chick. For the chick to survive, both parents must make multiple arduous journeys between the ocean and the breeding grounds over the ensuing months.\nIt took one year for the two isolated cinematographers Laurent Chalet and Jérôme Maison to shoot the film, which was shot around the French scientific base of Dumont d'Urville in Adélie Land.\nThe film won the 2005 Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature,
/m/0378zn	Gary Michael Cole is an American television and film actor. Born in Park Ridge, Illinois and a graduate of Illinois State University, Cole began his professional acting career on stage with the Steppenwolf Theatre Company in 1985. On television, Cole had starring roles in the series Midnight Caller, American Gothic, and Crusade. On film, Cole appeared in supporting roles in The Brady Bunch Movie, Office Space, Dodgeball, and Talladega Nights. Cole is also known for voicing the title character of Harvey Birdman, Attorney at Law.
/m/011yn5	As Good as It Gets is a 1997 American romantic comedy film directed by James L. Brooks and produced by Laura Ziskin. It stars Jack Nicholson as a misanthropic, obsessive-compulsive novelist, Helen Hunt as a single mother with an asthmatic son, and Greg Kinnear as a gay artist. The screenplay was written by Mark Andrus and James L. Brooks.\nNicholson and Hunt won the Academy Award for Best Actor and Academy Award for Best Actress, respectively, making As Good As It Gets the latest film to win both of the lead acting awards, and the first since 1991's The Silence of the Lambs. It is ranked 140th on Empire magazine's \"The 500 Greatest Movies of All Time\" list.
/m/019y64	Douglas Richard Flutie is a former American and Canadian football quarterback. Flutie played college football at Boston College, and played professionally in the National Football League, Canadian Football League, and United States Football League. He first rose to prominence during his career at Boston College, where he received the prestigious Heisman Trophy and the Davey O'Brien National Quarterback Award in 1984. His \"Hail Mary\" touchdown pass in a game against Miami on November 23, 1984 is considered among the greatest moments in college football and American sports history. Flutie was selected as the 285th pick in the 11th round of the 1985 NFL Draft by the Los Angeles Rams, making him the lowest drafted Heisman Award winner among those who were drafted. Flutie played that year for the New Jersey Generals of the upstart United States Football League. In 1986 he signed with the NFL's Chicago Bears, and later played for the New England Patriots, becoming their starting quarterback in 1988.
/m/0171cm	Thomas Geoffrey \"Tom\" Wilkinson, OBE is an English actor. He has twice been nominated for an Academy Award, for his roles in In the Bedroom and Michael Clayton. In 2009, he won Golden Globe and Primetime Emmy Awards for Best Supporting Actor in a Miniseries or Film for playing Benjamin Franklin in John Adams.
/m/04n65n	Adam Keefe Horovitz, better known as Ad-Rock or King Ad-Rock, is an American musician, guitarist, rapper, producer, and actor. He is best known as a member of the pioneering hip hop group the Beastie Boys.
/m/06rzwx	The Delta Force is a 1986 American film starring Chuck Norris and Lee Marvin as leaders of an elite squad of Special Forces troops based on the real life U.S. Army Delta Force unit. It was directed by Menahem Golan and featured Martin Balsam, Joey Bishop, Robert Vaughn, Steve James, Robert Forster, Shelley Winters, and George Kennedy. The film was produced in Israel. Two sequels were produced entitled Delta Force 2: The Colombian Connection and Delta Force 3: The Killing Game. The Delta Force was Lee Marvin's last film.
/m/099ty	Boise is the capital and most populous city of the U.S. state of Idaho, as well as the county seat of Ada County. Located on the Boise River, it anchors the Boise City-Nampa metropolitan area and is the largest city between Salt Lake City, Utah and Portland, Oregon. As of the 2010 Census, the population of Boise was 205,671. It is also the 99th largest U.S. city by population. The 2012 U.S. Census Population Estimates that 212,303 people reside within the city. The Boise metropolitan area is home to about 616,500 people and is the most populous metropolitan area in Idaho, containing the state's three largest cities; Boise, Nampa, and Meridian. Boise City is the third most populous metropolitan area in the United States' Pacific Northwest region.
/m/0ntpv	Allen County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of the 2010 Census, the population was 355,329. The county seat and largest city is Fort Wayne.\nAllen County is included in the Fort Wayne Metropolitan Statistical Area and the Fort Wayne–Huntington–Auburn Combined Statistical Area. Allen County is the cultural and economic center of northeastern Indiana. The county is within a 200-mile radius of major population centers, including Chicago, Cincinnati, Cleveland, Columbus, Detroit, Indianapolis, Louisville, Milwaukee, and Ontario, Canada, and within a one-day drive of one-third of the U.S. population and one-fifth of Canadians.\nOccupied for thousands of years by cultures of indigenous peoples, Allen County was organized by European Americans on December 17, 1823, from Delaware and Randolph counties; and formed April 1, 1824. The county is named for Colonel John Allen, an attorney and Kentucky state senator who was killed in the War of 1812. Fort Wayne, founded at the confluences of the Maumee, St. Joseph, and St. Marys rivers, was chosen as the county seat in May 1824.
/m/02qyxs5	This is a list of the winners and nominees of the BAFTA Award for Best Animated Film.
/m/03f7m4h	Barry Manilow is an American singer-songwriter and producer. He is best known for such recordings as \"Mandy\", \"Can't Smile Without You\", and \"Copacabana\".\nIn 1978, five of his albums were on the best-seller charts simultaneously, a feat equalled only by Herb Alpert, The Beatles, Frank Sinatra, Michael Jackson, Bruce Springsteen and Johnny Mathis. He has recorded a string of Billboard hit singles and multi-platinum albums that have resulted in his being named Radio & Records' No. 1 adult contemporary artist, and winning three straight American Music Awards for favorite pop/rock male artist. Between 1974 and 1983 Manilow had three No. 1 singles and 25 that reached the top 40. Although not a favorite of music critics, several well-known entertainers have praised Manilow, including Sinatra, who was quoted in the 1970s saying, \"He's next.\" In 1988, Bob Dylan stopped Manilow at a party, hugged him and said, \"Don't stop what you're doing, man. We're all inspired by you.\"\nAs well as producing and arranging albums for other artists, including Bette Midler and Dionne Warwick, Manilow has written songs for musicals, films, and commercials. From February 2005 to December 30, 2009, he was the headliner at the Las Vegas Hilton, performing hundreds of shows before ending his relationship with the hotel. Since March 2010, he has headlined at the Paris hotel in Las Vegas. He has sold more than 80 million records worldwide. On July 4, 2013, he performed live on the west lawn of the U.S. Capitol as part of A Capitol Fourth on PBS.
/m/08s6mr	Fantastic Mr. Fox is a 2009 American stop-motion animated comedy film based on the Roald Dahl children's novel of the same name. This story is about a fox who steals food each night from three mean and wealthy farmers. The farmers are fed up with Mr. Fox's theft and try to kill him, so they dig their way into the foxes' home. However, the animals are able to outwit the farmers and live underground.\nProduced by Indian Paintbrush and Regency Enterprises, and released in the autumn of 2009, the film features the voices of George Clooney, Meryl Streep, Jason Schwartzman, Bill Murray, and Owen Wilson. For director Wes Anderson, it was his first animated film and first film adaptation.\nDevelopment on the project began in 2004 as collaboration between Anderson and Henry Selick under Revolution Studios. In 2007, Revolution folded, Selick left to direct Coraline, and work on the film moved to 20th Century Fox. Production began in London in 2007. It was released in late 2009 to critical acclaim.
/m/03vpf_	Kenneth Mars was an American television, film and voice actor.\nHe may be best-remembered for his roles in several Mel Brooks films: the insane Nazi playwright Franz Liebkind in 1968's The Producers, and the relentless Police Inspector Hans Wilhelm Fredrich Kemp in 1974's Young Frankenstein.\nMars appeared in several seasons of Malcolm in the Middle as Otto, Francis's well-meaning but dim-witted boss. He was well known as the voice of King Triton in The Little Mermaid and its sequel, the television series and the Kingdom Hearts series. Mars also did several other animated voice over film roles such as Littlefoot's grandfather in the Land Before Time series and that of King Colbert in Thumbelina. He died of pancreatic cancer on February 12, 2011, aged 75.
/m/016kft	Samuel Atkinson \"Sam\" Waterston is an American actor, producer and director. Among other roles, he is noted for his Academy Award-nominated portrayal of Sydney Schanberg in The Killing Fields, and his Golden Globe-nominated and Screen Actors Guild Award-winning portrayal of Jack McCoy on the NBC television series Law & Order. He has been nominated for multiple Golden Globe, Screen Actors Guild, BAFTA and Emmy awards, having starred in over eighty film and television productions during his fifty-year career. Allmovie has characterised Waterston as having \"cultivated a loyal following with his quietly charismatic, unfailingly solid performances.\" In January 2010, Waterston received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. Two years later, in 2012, he was inducted into the American Theatre Hall of Fame.
/m/011w20	Milton \"Bill\" Finger was an American comic strip and comic book writer best known as the uncredited co-creator, with Bob Kane, of the DC Comics character Batman, as well as the co-architect of the series' development.\nIn 1989, Kane acknowledged Finger as \"a contributing force\" in the character's creation, and wrote, \"Now that my long-time friend and collaborator is gone, I must admit that Bill never received the fame and recognition he deserved. He was an unsung hero ... I often tell my wife, if I could go back fifteen years, before he died, I would like to say 'I'll put your name on it now. You deserve it.'\" Comics historian Ron Goulart has referred to Batman as the \"creation of artist Bob Kane and writer Bill Finger\". Finger's contemporary, artist and writer Jerry Robinson, who worked with Kane from the beginning, said, “[Bill] had more to do with the molding of Batman than Bob. He just did so many things at the beginning, ... creating almost all the other characters, ... the whole persona, the whole temper,\" Batman inker George Roussos, another contemporary, said, \"Bob Kane had ideas while Bill sort of organized them\". A DC Comics press release in 2007 stated flatly that, \"Kane, along with writer Bill Finger, had just created Batman for DC predecessor National Comics.\" Likewise, DC editor Paul Levitz wrote, \"The Darknight [sic] Detective debuted in [Detective] #27, the creation of Bob Kane and Bill Finger.\"
/m/01_f_5	Sofia Carmina Coppola is an American screenwriter, director, producer and actress. In 2003, she received the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay for Lost in Translation, and became the third woman to be nominated for an Academy Award for Best Director. In 2010, with Somewhere, she became the first American woman to win the Golden Lion, the top prize at the Venice Film Festival.
/m/06t8v	Slovenia, officially the Republic of Slovenia, is a nation state in southern Central Europe at the crossroads of main European cultural and trade routes. It borders Italy to the west, Austria to the north, Croatia to the south and southeast, and Hungary to the northeast. It covers 20,273 square kilometers and has a population of 2.05 million. It is a parliamentary republic and a member of the European Union and NATO. Its capital and largest city is Ljubljana.\nFour major European geographic units meet on the territory of Slovenia: the Alps, the Dinaric Mountains, the Pannonian Plain, and the Mediterranean, with a small portion of coastline along the Adriatic Sea. The territory has a mosaic structure and an exceptionally high landscape and biological diversity, which are a result of natural attributes and the long-term presence of humans. Although the climate in the mainly hilly territory is influenced by the continental climate, the Slovene Littoral has the sub-Mediterranean climate, while the Alpine climate is found in the north-western part of the country. The country is one of the most water-rich in Europe, with a dense river network, a rich aquifer system, and significant karstic underground watercourses. Over half of the territory is covered by forest. The settlement of Slovenia is dispersed and uneven.
/m/02cb1j	Jalandhar is a city in the north-western Indian state of Punjab.\nThe oldest city in Punjab, in recent years it has seen rapid urbanisation and developed into a highly industrialised centre of commercial activity. Situated on the Grand Trunk Road, it is a major rail and road junction, and is 144 km northwest of the state capital, Chandigarh. The city was known as Prasthala in the time of the Mahabharta and as Jullundur in British India.
/m/05s0y9	The United States House Committee on Financial Services is the committee of the United States House of Representatives that oversees the entire financial services industry, including the securities, insurance, banking, and housing industries. The Committee also oversees the work of the Federal Reserve, the United States Department of the Treasury, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, and other financial services regulators. It is chaired by Jeb Hensarling and the ranking Democrat is Maxine Waters.
/m/03ytp3	The Ukraine national football team is the national football team of Ukraine and is controlled by the Football Federation of Ukraine. After Ukrainian Independence and breakaway from the Soviet Union, they played their first match against Hungary on 29 April 1992. The team's biggest success on the world stage was reaching the quarter finals in the 2006 FIFA World Cup, which also marked the team's debut in the finals of a major championship. As a host nation Ukraine automatically qualified for Euro 2012.\nUkraine's home ground is the Olimpiyskiy Stadium in Kiev.
/m/01wskg	Robert Oliver Reed was an English actor known for his burly screen presence. Reed exemplified his real-life macho image in \"tough guy\" roles. His films include The Trap, Oliver!, Women in Love, Hannibal Brooks, The Devils, The Three Musketeers, Tommy, Castaway, Lion of the Desert and Gladiator. At the peak of his career, in 1971, British exhibitors voted Reed 5th most popular star at the box office.
/m/02grjf	Calvin College is a liberal arts college located in Grand Rapids, Michigan. Founded in 1876, Calvin College is an educational institution of the Christian Reformed Church and stands in the Reformed tradition of Protestantism. Calvin College is named after John Calvin, the 16th century Protestant Reformer.
/m/0rwq6	Brunswick is the major urban and economic center in lower southeastern Georgia. Brunswick is also the second-largest urban area on Georgia’s coast, after Savannah, and is the seat of government for Glynn County. It contains the Brunswick Old Town Historic District.\nBritish colonists settled the peninsula in 1738 as a buffer to Spanish Florida. It came under provincial control in 1771 and was founded as Brunswick after the German duchy of Brunswick–Lüneburg, the ancestral home of the House of Hanover. It was incorporated as a city in 1856. Throughout its history, Brunswick has served as an important port city: in World War II, it served as a strategic military location with an operational base for escort blimps and a shipbuilding facility for the U.S. Maritime Commission.\nBrunswick supports a progressive economy largely based on tourism and logistics with a metropolitan GDP of $3.9 billion. The Port of Brunswick handles approximately 10 percent of all U.S. ro-ro trade—third in the U.S. behind the ports of Los Angeles and Newark. The headquarters of the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center is located 5 mi north of the central business district of the city and is adjacent to Brunswick–Golden Isles Airport, which provides commercial air service to the area. In the 2010 U.S. census, the population of the city proper was 15,383; the urban area, 51,024; and the metropolitan area, 112,370.
/m/03tw2s	The University of South Carolina is a public, co-educational research university located in Columbia, South Carolina, United States, with seven satellite campuses. Its campus covers over 359 acres in downtown Columbia not far from the South Carolina State House. The University is categorized by the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching as having \"very high research activity\" and curricular community engagement. It has been ranked as an \"up-and-coming\" university by U.S. News & World Report, and its undergraduate and graduate International Business programs have ranked among the top three programs in the nation for over a decade. It also houses the largest collection of Robert Burns and Scottish literature materials outside of Scotland, and the largest Ernest Hemingway collection in the world.\nFounded in 1801 as South Carolina College, USC is the flagship institution of the University of South Carolina System and offers more than 350 programs of study leading to bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees from fourteen degree-granting colleges and schools. The University of South Carolina System has an enrollment of approximately 47,724 students, with 32,848 on the main Columbia campus as of fall 2013. USC also has several thousand future students in feeder programs at surrounding technical colleges. Professional schools on the Columbia campus include social work, business, engineering, law, medicine, and pharmacy.
/m/07jq_	Terrorism is the systematic use of violence as a means of coercion for political purposes. In the international community, terrorism has no legally binding, criminal law definition. Common definitions of terrorism refer only to those violent acts that are intended to create fear; are perpetrated for a religious, political, or ideological goal; and deliberately target or disregard the safety of non-combatants. Some definitions now include acts of unlawful violence and war. The use of similar tactics by criminal organizations for protection rackets or to enforce a code of silence is usually not labeled terrorism, though these same actions may be labeled terrorism when done by a politically motivated group. Usage of the term has also been criticized for its frequent undue equating with Islamism or jihadism, while ignoring non-Islamic organizations or individuals.\nThe word \"terrorism\" is politically loaded and emotionally charged, and this greatly compounds the difficulty of providing a precise definition. Studies have found over 100 definitions of \"terrorism\". In some cases, the same group may be described as \"freedom fighters\" by its supporters and considered to be terrorists by its opponents. The concept of terrorism may be controversial as it is often used by state authorities to delegitimize political or other opponents, and potentially legitimize the state's own use of armed force against opponents. At the same time, the reverse may also take place when states perpetrate or are accused of perpetrating state terrorism. The usage of the term has a controversial history, with individuals such as Nelson Mandela at one point also branded a terrorist.
/m/02v_4xv	Givanildo Vieira de Souza, commonly known as Hulk, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Zenit Saint Petersburg, as a striker or winger.\nAfter starting out professionally with Vitória and playing three years in Japan, he went on to play several seasons in Portugal with Porto, winning ten major titles – including the 2011 Europa League and three national championships – and being crowned the league's top scorer once.\nHulk made his international debut in 2009, and played for Brazil at the 2012 Summer Olympics as one of the three permitted overage players.
/m/03mqtr	A political drama can describe a play, film or TV program that has a political component, whether reflecting the author's political opinion, or describing a politician or series of political events. Dramatists who have written political dramas include Aaron Sorkin, Robert Penn Warren, Sergei Eisenstein, Bertolt Brecht, Jean-Paul Sartre, Caryl Churchill, and Federico García Lorca. Television series that can be classified as political drama include Yes Minister, its sequel Yes, Prime Minister, The West Wing, Borgen, Boss, Jack and Bobby, The Bold Ones: The Senator, and Commander in Chief. There have been notables films that have been labeled as political dramas such as Thirteen Days. A famous literary political drama which later made the transition to film was Robert Penn Warren's All the King's Men.\nThe reimagined Battlestar Galactica was very much a political drama due to the way the show dealt with political issues and government very closely resembling that of other political dramas such as The West Wing or Yes Minister but, due to the genre it's based in the show also dealt with political and social issues that can arise from the show's science fiction background as well as common issues arising in normal political dramas that are based on our world in our modern day or the history of our world.
/m/04c636	Gouranga Chakraborty, better known by his stage name Mithun Chakraborty was born in Bengali Rajput family,is currently the Rajya Sabha MP from TMC, Indian film actor, singer, producer, writer, social worker, and entrepreneur, who has won three National Film Awards. He made his acting debut with the art house drama Mrigayaa, for which he won his first National Film Award for Best Actor. He lives in India.\nHe gained fans as a dancing star and went on to establish himself as one of the all time top ten greatest and most popular actors of India, particularly recognized for his role as the street dancer Jimmy in the 1982 Bollywood movie Disco Dancer. He also attracted worldwide audiences, particularly in the former Soviet Union where he became a household name for his role in Disco Dancer. He later won two more National Film Awards for his performances in Tahader Katha & Swami Vivekananda. Chakraborty has appeared in about 350 films including Bengali, Oriya, Bhojpuri and Punjabi pictures.\nChakraborty owns the Monarch Group, which has interests in the hospitality sector and educational sector. He has also started the production house Paparatzy Productions He is the Chairperson of Film Studios Setting & Allied Mazdoor Union which take care the welfare of cine workers and resolve their demands and problems. The Television show Dance India Dance where Mithun is the Grandmaster has already entered in Limca Book of Records and Guinness World Records Chakraborty played a crucial role of mediator between Pranab Mukherjee and Mamata Banerjee, winning the Congressman the support of the Trinamool chief in the 2012 presidential election. A comic book named Jimmy Zhingchak has been made based on Chakraborty.
/m/02k76g	Timothy \"Tim\" P. Minear is an American screenwriter and director.
/m/077yk0	Jessalyn Sarah Gilsig is a Canadian actress known for her roles in the television series Boston Public, as Gina Russo in Nip/Tuck and as Will Schuester's wife/ex-wife, Terri Schuester, in Glee. She also appeared in several episodes of NYPD Blue, Prison Break, and had a recurring role on Heroes, as well as several other series.
/m/01flzq	Hardcore hip hop is a form of hip hop music that developed through the East Coast hip hop scene in the 1980s. Pioneered by such artists as Run-D.M.C., Schoolly D, Spoonie Gee, Boogie Down Productions, Public Enemy, The Earl, Kool G Rap, and Nas, it is generally characterized by anger, aggression, and confrontation.
/m/01xl5	The Cessna Aircraft Company is an American general aviation aircraft manufacturing corporation headquartered in Wichita, Kansas. Best known for small, piston-powered aircraft, Cessna also produces business jets. The company is a subsidiary of the U.S. conglomerate Textron.
/m/07jqh	The Taliban, alternative spelling Taleban, is an Islamic fundamentalist political movement in Afghanistan. It spread throughout Afghanistan and formed a government, ruling as the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan from September 1996 until December 2001, with Kandahar as the capital. However, it gained diplomatic recognition from only three states: Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates. Mohammed Omar has been serving as the spiritual leader of the Taliban since 1994.\nWhile in power, it enforced its strict interpretation of Sharia law, and leading Muslims have been highly critical of the Taliban's interpretations of Islamic law. The Taliban were condemned internationally for their brutal treatment of women. The majority of the Taliban are made up of Afghan Pashtun tribesmen. The Taliban's leaders were influenced by Deobandi fundamentalism, and many also strictly follow the social and cultural norm called Pashtunwali.\nFrom 1995 to 2001, the Pakistani Inter-Services Intelligence and military are widely alleged by the international community to have provided support to the Taliban. Their connections are possibly through Harkat-ul-Mujahideen, a terrorist group founded by Sami ul Haq. Pakistan is accused by many international officials of continuing to support the Taliban; Pakistan states that it dropped all support for the group after 9/11. Al Qaeda also supported the Taliban with regiments of imported fighters from Arab countries and Central Asia. Saudi Arabia provided financial support. The Taliban and their allies committed massacres against Afghan civilians, denied UN food supplies to 160,000 starving civilians and conducted a policy of scorched earth, burning vast areas of fertile land and destroying tens of thousands of homes during their rule from 1996 to 2001. Hundreds of thousands of people were forced to flee to United Front-controlled territory, Pakistan, and Iran.
/m/03wbqc4	The Taking of Pelham 123 is a 2009 American thriller film directed by Tony Scott, and starring Denzel Washington and John Travolta. It is a film adaptation of the novel by Morton Freedgood, and is a remake of the original 1974 film adaptation, which was also remade in 1998 as a TV film. Production began in March 2008, and it was released on June 12, 2009.
/m/0qkyj	Meridian is the sixth largest city in the U.S. State of Mississippi. It is the county seat of Lauderdale County and the principal city of the Meridian, Mississippi Micropolitan Statistical Area. Along major highways, the city is 93 mi east of Jackson, Mississippi; 154 mi west of Birmingham, Alabama; 202 mi northeast of New Orleans, Louisiana; and 231 mi southeast of Memphis, Tennessee.\nEstablished in 1860 at the intersection of the Mobile and Ohio Railroad and Southern Railway of Mississippi, Meridian relied heavily on the rails and goods transported on them. Union Station is now also home to several other modes of transportation, including the Meridian Transit System, Greyhound Buses, and Trailways, averaging 242,360 passengers per year. During the American Civil War, much of the city was burned to the ground by General William Tecumseh Sherman in the Battle of Meridian.\nRebuilt after the war, the city entered a \"Golden Age\", becoming the largest city in Mississippi between 1890 and 1930 and a leading center for manufacturing in the South. It had 44 trains coming in and out daily. Although its economy slowed with the decline of the railroad industry, the city has diversified, with healthcare, military, and manufacturing employing the most people in 2010. The population within the city limits, according to 2008 census estimates, is 38,232, but a population of 232,900 in a 45-mile radius and 526,500 in a 65-mile radius, of which 104,600 and 234,200 people respectively are in the labor force, feed the economy of the city.
/m/0171c7	The Australian Greens, commonly known as The Greens, is an Australian green political party. The party was formed in 1992 and is today a confederation of eight state and territory parties. Other than environmentalism the party cites four core values: ecological sustainability, social justice, grassroots democracy and peace and non-violence.\nParty constituencies can be traced to various origins – notably the early environmental movement in Australia and the formation of the United Tasmania Group, one of the first green parties in the world, but also the nuclear disarmament movement in Western Australia and sections of the industrial left in New South Wales. Co-ordination between environmentalist groups occurred in the 1980s with various significant protests. Key people involved in these campaigns included the party's former leader Bob Brown and current leader Christine Milne who went on to contest and win seats in the Tasmanian Parliament and eventually form the Tasmanian Greens.\nCurrently, the Greens party have nine senators and one member in the lower house, 24 elected representatives in state and territory parliaments, more than 100 local councillors and close to 10,000 party members.
/m/05n19y	Leroy Shield was an American film score and radio composer.
/m/0716b6	Windows Vista is an operating system by Microsoft for use on personal computers, including home and business desktops, laptops, tablet PCs, and media center PCs. Prior to its announcement on July 22, 2005, Windows Vista was known by its codename \"Longhorn\". Development was completed on November 8, 2006, and over the following three months, it was released in stages to computer hardware and software manufacturers, business customers and retail channels. On January 30, 2007, it was released worldwide and was made available for purchase and download from Microsoft's website. The release of Windows Vista came more than five years after the introduction of its predecessor, Windows XP, the longest time span between successive releases of Microsoft Windows desktop operating systems. It was succeeded by Windows 7, which was released to manufacturing on July 22, 2009 and released worldwide for retail on October 22, 2009.\nNew features of Windows Vista include an updated graphical user interface and visual style dubbed Aero, a new search component called Windows Search, redesigned networking, audio, print and display sub-systems, and new multimedia tools including Windows DVD Maker. Vista aimed to increase the level of communication between machines on a home network, using peer-to-peer technology to simplify sharing files and media between computers and devices. Windows Vista included version 3.0 of the .NET Framework, allowing software developers to write applications without traditional Windows APIs.
/m/03ym73	The Estonia national football team represents Estonia in international association football. Team members are selected by the head coach of Estonian Football Association. Estonia play their home matches at the A. Le Coq Arena in Tallinn, Estonia.\nEstonia's first match was held against Finland in 1920, being a 6–0 defeat. The team participated in the 1924 Olympic Games tournament, their only participation. Estonia have never qualified for the World Cup or European Championship. The team have however reached the Euro 2012 qualifying play-offs, by finishing second in their qualifying group, before being drawn up against Ireland for a play-off tie, making 2011 the Annus mirabilis of Estonian football.\nIn 1940, Estonia was occupied by the Soviet Union and did not regain independence until 1991. Estonia's first FIFA recognised match as an independent nation after the break-up of the Soviet Union, was against Slovenia on 3 June 1992, a 1–1 draw in the Estonian capital city of Tallinn.\nThe record of the most international caps by an Estonian international, is held by Martin Reim, who held the European record in 2009 until November of that year. The record of most goals is held by Andres Oper. The national team head coach has been Magnus Pehrsson since December 2013.
/m/04jpk2	Tommy is a 1975 British musical film based upon The Who's 1969 rock opera album Tommy. It was directed by Ken Russell and featured a star-studded cast, including the band members themselves. The other cast members include Ann-Margret, Oliver Reed, Eric Clapton, Tina Turner, Elton John, Arthur Brown and Jack Nicholson.\nAnn-Margret received a Golden Globe Award for her performance, and was also nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress. Pete Townshend was also nominated for an Oscar for his work in scoring and adapting the music for the film. The film was shown at the 1975 Cannes Film Festival, but was not entered into the main competition. In 1975 the film won the award for Rock Movie of the Year in the First Annual Rock Music Awards.
/m/0hmxn	Global Television Network is a privately owned Canadian English language broadcast television network that is owned by the Shaw Media division of Shaw Communications. It is currently Canada's second most-watched broadcast television network after CTV, and has twelve owned-and-operated stations throughout the country.\nGlobal has its origins in a regional television station of the same name, serving Southern Ontario, which launched in 1974. The Ontario station was soon purchased by the now-defunct CanWest Global Communications, and that company gradually expanded its national reach in the subsequent decades. The national entity was known as the CanWest Global System until adopting the Ontario station's branding in 1997.
/m/0fwc0	Norfolk is an independent city in the Commonwealth of Virginia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 242,803; in 2013, the population was estimated to be 246,392 making it the second-most populous city in Virginia, behind neighboring Virginia Beach.\nNorfolk is located at the core of the Hampton Roads metropolitan area, named for the large natural harbor of the same name located at the mouth of Chesapeake Bay. It is one of nine cities and seven counties that constitute the Hampton Roads metro area, officially known as the Virginia Beach-Norfolk-Newport News, VA-NC MSA. The city is bordered to the west by the Elizabeth River and to the north by the Chesapeake Bay. It also shares land borders with the independent cities of Chesapeake to its south and Virginia Beach to its east. One of the oldest of the cities in Hampton Roads, Norfolk is considered to be the historic, urban, financial, and cultural center of the region.\nThe city has a long history as a strategic military and transportation point. The largest Navy base in the world, Naval Station Norfolk, is located in Norfolk along with one of NATO's two Strategic Command headquarters. The city also has the corporate headquarters of Norfolk Southern Railway, one of North America's principal Class I railroads, and Maersk Line, Limited, who manages the world's largest fleet of US-flag vessels. As the city is bordered by multiple bodies of water, Norfolk has many miles of riverfront and bayfront property. It is linked to its neighbors by an extensive network of Interstate highways, bridges, tunnels, and three bridge-tunnel complexes—the only bridge-tunnels in the United States.
/m/025m98	The Grammy Award for Best Instrumental Composition has been awarded since 1960. The award is presented to the composer of an original piece of music, first released during the eligibility year. In theory, any style of music is eligible for this category, but winning compositions are usually in the jazz or film score genres.\nThe Grammy is awarded to the composer of the music, not to the performing artist, except if the artist is also the composer.\nThere have been several minor changes to the name of the award:\nIn 1958 it was awarded as Best Musical Composition First Recorded and Released in 1958\nIn 1960 it was awarded as Best Musical Composition First Recorded and Released in 1959\nIn 1962 it was awarded as Best Instrumental Theme or Instrumental Version of Song\nFrom 1963 to 1964 and from 1967 to 1970 it was awarded as Best Instrumental Theme\nIn 1965 it was awarded as Best Instrumental Composition\nFrom 1971 to the present it has been awarded as Best Instrumental Composition\nYears reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were presented, for works released in the previous year.
/m/03p5xs	The comedy of manners is an entertainment form which satirizes the manners and affectations of a social class or of multiple classes, often represented by stereotypical stock characters. For example, the miles gloriosus in ancient times, the fop and the rake during the Restoration, or an old person pretending to be young. Restoration comedy is used as a synonym for \"comedy of manners\". The plot of the comedy, often concerned with scandal, is generally less important than its witty dialogue. A great writer of comedies of manners was Oscar Wilde, his most famous play being The Importance of Being Earnest.\nThe comedy of manners was first developed in the new comedy of the Ancient Greek playwright Menander. His style, elaborate plots, and stock characters were imitated by the Roman playwrights Plautus and Terence, whose comedies were widely known and copied during the Renaissance. The best-known comedies of manners, however, may well be those of the French playwright Molière, who satirized the hypocrisy and pretension of the ancien régime in such plays as L'École des femmes, Le Misanthrope, and most famously Tartuffe.
/m/0dp7wt	The Island of Dr. Moreau is a 1996 science fiction horror film, the third major film adaptation of H. G. Wells' novel The Island of Doctor Moreau, about a scientist who attempts to convert animals into people. The film stars Marlon Brando, Val Kilmer, David Thewlis, Ron Perlman, and Fairuza Balk, and was directed by John Frankenheimer, who was brought in half a week after shooting started. The screenplay is credited to the original director Richard Stanley and Ron Hutchinson.
/m/02n9bh	Strictly Ballroom is a 1992 Australian romantic comedy film directed and co-written by Baz Luhrmann and produced by M&A Productions, Miramax, and Touchstone Pictures. The film is the first installment in The Red Curtain Trilogy, Luhrmann's trilogy of theatre-motif-related films; the follow-ups were Romeo + Juliet and Moulin Rouge!. The film was based on a stage play originally developed by Luhrmann and others while he was studying at the National Institute of Dramatic Arts in Sydney in the mid-1980s, and which was later expanded for a successful season at Sydney's Wharf Theatre in 1988.
/m/0jyx6	Manhattan is a 1979 American romantic comedy-drama film directed by Woody Allen from his screenplay co-written with Marshall Brickman and produced by Charles H. Joffe. Allen co-stars as a twice-divorced 42-year-old comedy writer dating a 17-year-old girl before eventually falling in love with his best friend's mistress. Meryl Streep and Anne Byrne also star in the film.\nManhattan was filmed in black-and-white and 2.35:1 widescreen. The decision to shoot in black and white was to give New York City a \"great look\". The film also features music composed by George Gershwin, including his arguably most famous piece, Rhapsody in Blue, which inspired the idea behind the film. Allen described the film as a combination of his previous two films, Annie Hall and Interiors.\nThe film was met with widespread critical acclaim and was nominated for two Academy Awards: Best Supporting Actress for Hemingway and Best Writing, Screenplay Written Directly for the Screen for Allen and Brickman. Its North American box office receipts of $39.9 million made it Allen's second biggest box office hit. Often considered Allen's best film, it ranks 46th on AFI's 100 Years...100 Laughs list and number 63 on Bravo's \"100 Funniest Movies.\" In 2001, the United States Library of Congress deemed the film \"culturally significant\" and selected it for preservation in the National Film Registry.
/m/09gdm7q	The Whistleblower is a 2010 thriller film directed by Larysa Kondracki, written by Kondracki and Eilis Kirwan and starring Rachel Weisz. The film was inspired by the story of Kathryn Bolkovac, a Nebraska police officer who was recruited as a peacekeeper for DynCorp International in post-war Bosnia and Herzegovina in 1999. While there, she discovered a sex trafficking ring serving DynCorp employees. Bolkovac was fired and forced out of the country after attempting to report the ring. She took the story to BBC News in England, and won a wrongful-dismissal lawsuit against DynCorp.\nKondracki wanted her debut film to concern human trafficking, and encountered Bolkovac's story in college. She and Kirwan struggled to obtain financial support for the project. Eight years after Kondracki decided to produce the film, she secured funding and production began when Weisz agreed to play the lead role. Filming took place in Romania from October to December 2009. Advertised as a fictionalization of events occurring during the late 1990s, Kondracki said that the facts are broadly accurate but some details were omitted for the film; for example, a three-week \"breaking-in\" period for trafficking victims was not shown.
/m/05qx1	Panama, officially Republic of Panama, is the southernmost country of Central America and the whole of North America. Situated on the isthmus connecting North and South America, it is bordered by Costa Rica to the west, Colombia to the southeast, the Caribbean to the north and the Pacific Ocean to the south. The capital is Panama City.\nExplored and settled by the Spanish in the 16th century, Panama broke with Spain in 1821 and joined a union of Nueva Granada, Ecuador, and Venezuela, named the Republic of Gran Colombia. When Gran Colombia dissolved in 1831, Panama and Nueva Granada remained joined. Nueva Granada later became the Republic of Colombia. With the backing of the United States, Panama seceded from Colombia in 1903, allowing the Panama Canal to be built by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers between 1904 and 1914. In 1977, an agreement was signed for the complete transfer of the Canal from the United States to Panama by the end of the 20th century.\nRevenue from canal tolls represents today a significant portion of Panama's GDP. Panama has the third- or fourth-largest economy in Central America and it is also the fastest growing economy and the largest per capita consumer in Central America. In 2013, Panama ranked 4th among Latin American countries in terms of the Human Development Index, and 59th in the world. Since 2010, Panama remains as the second most competitive economy in Latin America according to the Global Competitiveness Index from the World Economic Forum. Panama's jungle is home to an abundance of tropical plants, animals and birds – some of them to be found nowhere else in the world.
/m/0fgsq2	An art dealer is a person or company that buys and sells works of art. Art dealers' professional associations serve to set high standards for accreditation or membership and to support art exhibitions and shows.
/m/07bdd_	The Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Picture is an award given out at the annual Golden Raspberry Awards to the worst film of the past year. Following is a list of nominees and recipients of that award, including each film's distribution company and producer.
/m/0b0pf	Harry Norman Turtledove is an American novelist, best known for his works in several genres, including that of alternate history, historical fiction, fantasy, and science fiction.
/m/0d4xmp	Deathgrind is a musical genre that fuses death metal and grindcore. The genre, along with pornogrind, is related to the goregrind subgenre. Zero Tolerance described deathgrind as \"grindcore and brutal death metal colliding head on.\" Danny Lilker described deathgrind as \"combining the technicality of death metal with the intensity of grindcore.\" Paul Schwarz, writing for Terrorizer, claimed that,\n\"Like death/thrash and death/black, the name death/grind undoubtedly stems from the importance of specialist mail order catalogues and their related 'zine scenes in proliferating extreme metal music to an audience whose tastes, as the '90s progressed, increasingly crossed over the traditional line between death metal and grindcore - that of lyrical content. [Death/grind e]mphasis[es] overall musical brutality with a specific focus on speed-soaked fury and the firm retention of grindcore's traditional abruptness.\"
/m/01qdmh	Spy Game is a 2001 American spy film directed by Tony Scott and starring Robert Redford and Brad Pitt. The film grossed $62 million in the United States and $143 million worldwide and received mostly positive reviews from film critics.
/m/02x4x18	The Film Independent's Spirit Award for Best Female Lead is one of the annual Independent Spirit Awards.
/m/011_3s	Mary Jean \"Lily\" Tomlin is an American actress, comedian, writer, and producer. Tomlin has been a major force in American comedy since the late 1960s when she began a career as a stand up comedian and became a featured performer on television's Laugh-in. Her career has spanned television, comedy recordings, Broadway, and motion pictures, enjoying acclaimed success in each medium. She has starred in such films as Nashville, 9 to 5, All of Me, The Beverly Hillbillies, Orange County, and I Heart Huckabees. Her notable television roles include Rowan and Martin's Laugh-In as a cast member from 1970–73, Ms. Frizzle on The Magic School Bus, Kay Carter-Shepley on Murphy Brown, Deborah Fiderer on The West Wing, Lillie Mae MacKenzie on Malibu Country.
/m/02qdrjx	Bedtime Stories is a 2008 American family-fantasy-comedy film directed by Adam Shankman that stars Adam Sandler in his first appearance in a family-oriented film. Sandler's production company Happy Madison and Andrew Gunn's company Gunn Films co-produced the film with Walt Disney Pictures.
/m/0pc6x	College Park is a city in Prince George's County, Maryland. The population was 30,413 at the 2010 United States Census. It is best known as the home of the University of Maryland, College Park, and since 1994 the city has also been home to the \"Archives II\" facility of the U.S. National Archives.\nCollege Park's United States Postal Service ZIP codes are 20740, 20741 and 20742.
/m/01jr4j	Topaz is a 1969 American espionage thriller directed by Alfred Hitchcock. Based on the 1967 Cold War novel Topaz by Leon Uris, the film is about a French intelligence agent who becomes entangled in the Cold War politics of the events leading up to the 1962 Cuban Missile Crisis, and later the breakup of an international Russian spy ring in France. The story is closely based on the 1962 Sapphire Affair, which involved the head of French Intelligence SDECE in the United States, and spy Philippe Thyraud de Vosjoli—a friend of Leon Uris—who played an important role in \"helping the U.S. discover the presence of Russian offensive missiles in Cuba\". The film stars Frederick Stafford, Dany Robin, John Vernon, Karin Dor, Michel Piccoli, Philippe Noiret, Claude Jade, Michel Subor and John Forsythe.
/m/07zqnm	Viborg F.F. is a Danish professional football club located in Viborg. The full name of the club is Viborg Fodsports Forening, but the name is frequently abbreviated as Viborg F.F. or VFF. The club was founded in 1896, but would have to wait more than a century before winning its only countrywide trophy, the 2000 Danish Cup. Their most recent spell in the top Danish Superliga division began in the 1998-99 season and ended in the 2007–08 season.
/m/0vg8	An airline is a company that provides air transport services for traveling passengers and freight. Airlines lease or own their aircraft with which to supply these services and may form partnerships or alliances with other airlines for mutual benefit. Generally, airline companies are recognized with an air operating certificate or license issued by a governmental aviation body.\nAirlines vary from those with a single aircraft carrying mail or cargo, through full-service international airlines operating hundreds of aircraft. Airline services can be categorized as being intercontinental, intra-continental, domestic, regional, or international, and may be operated as scheduled services or charters.
/m/06ms6	Sociology is the study of human social behavior and its origins, development, organizations, and institutions. It is a social science which uses various methods of empirical investigation and critical analysis to develop a body of knowledge about human social actions, social structure and functions. A goal for many sociologists is to conduct research which may be applied directly to social policy and welfare, while others focus primarily on refining the theoretical understanding of social processes. Subject matter ranges from the micro level of individual agency and interaction to the macro level of systems and the social structure.\nThe traditional focuses of sociology include social stratification, social class, social mobility, religion, secularization, law, and deviance. As all spheres of human activity are affected by the interplay between social structure and individual agency, sociology has gradually expanded its focus to further subjects, such as health, medical, military and penal institutions, the Internet, and the role of social activity in the development of scientific knowledge.\nThe range of social scientific methods has also expanded. Social researchers draw upon a variety of qualitative and quantitative techniques. The linguistic and cultural turns of the mid-twentieth century led to increasingly interpretative, hermeneutic, and philosophic approaches to the analysis of society. Conversely, recent decades have seen the rise of new analytically, mathematically and computationally rigorous techniques, such as agent-based modelling and social network analysis.
/m/02l4pj	Emily Watson is an English actress who gave an acclaimed debut film performance in Lars von Trier's Breaking the Waves. She has won a number of awards for acting throughout her career, which has encompassed theatre, motion picture and television; most recently a BAFTA award for her role in ITV's Appropriate Adult.
/m/0dq9p	Pneumonia is an inflammatory condition of the lung—affecting primarily the microscopic air sacs known as alveoli. It is usually caused by infection with viruses or bacteria and less commonly other microorganisms, certain drugs and other conditions such as autoimmune diseases.\nTypical symptoms include a cough, chest pain, fever, and difficulty breathing. Diagnostic tools include x-rays and culture of the sputum. Vaccines to prevent certain types of pneumonia are available. Treatment depends on the underlying cause. Pneumonia presumed to be bacterial is treated with antibiotics. If the pneumonia is severe, the affected person is, in general, admitted to hospital.\nPneumonia affects approximately 450 million people globally per year, seven percent of population, and results in about 4 million deaths, mostly in third-world countries. Although pneumonia was regarded by William Osler in the 19th century as \"the captain of the men of death\", the advent of antibiotic therapy and vaccines in the 20th century has seen improvements in survival. Nevertheless, in developing countries, and among the very old, the very young, and the chronically ill, pneumonia remains a leading cause of death.
/m/0bm2nq	One morning, a seemingly average and generally solitary IRS agent named Harold Crick begins to hear a female voice narrating his every action, thought and feeling in alarmingly precise detail. Harold’s carefully controlled life is turned upside down by this narration only he can hear, and when the voice declares that Harold Crick is facing imminent death, he realizes he must find out who is writing his story and persuade her to change the ending. The voice in Harold’s head turns out to be the once celebrated, but now nearly forgotten, novelist Karen \"Kay\" Eiffel (Emma Thompson), who is struggling to find an ending for what might be her best book. Her only remaining challenge is to figure out a way to kill her main character, but little does she know that Harold Crick is alive and well and inexplicably aware of her words and her plans for him. To make matters worse, Kay’s publisher has dispatched a hard-nosed \"assistant,\" Penny Escher (Queen Latifah), to force Kay to finish her novel and finish off Harold Crick. Desperate to take control of his destiny and avoid an untimely demise, Harold seeks help from a literary theorist named Jules Hilbert (Dustin Hoffman), who suggests that Harold might be able to change his fate by turning his story from a tragedy into a comedy. Professor Hilbert suggests that Harold try to follow one of comedy’s most elemental formulas: a love story between two people who hate each other. His suggestion leads Harold to initiate an unlikely romance with a free-spirited baker named Ana Pascal (Maggie Gyllenhaal). As Harold experiences true love and true life for the first time, he becomes convinced that he has escaped his fate, as his story seems to be taking on all the trappings of a comedy in which he will not, and cannot, die. But Harold is unaware that in a Karen Eiffel tragedy, the lead characters always die at exactly the moment when they have the most to live for. Harold and Kay find themselves in unexplored territory as each must weigh the value of a single human existence against what might just be an immortal work of art: a novel about life and death -- and taxes.
/m/024l2y	The Day After Tomorrow is a 2004 American science fiction disaster film co-written, directed, and produced by Roland Emmerich. The film depicts fictional catastrophic climatic effects in a series of extreme weather events that usher in global cooling and leads to a new ice age. The film was made in Toronto and Montreal and is the highest-grossing Hollywood film to be made in Canada.\nOriginally planned for release in the summer of 2003, The Day After Tomorrow premiered in Mexico City on May 17, 2004 and was released worldwide from May 26 to May 28 except in South Korea and Japan, where it was released June 4–5, respectively.
/m/03f5spx	Timothy Zachery Mosley, better known by his stage name Timbaland, is an American record producer, songwriter and rapper. Timbaland's first full credit production work was in 1996 on Ginuwine...the Bachelor for R&B singer Ginuwine. After further work on Aaliyah's 1996 album One in a Million and Missy Elliott's 1997 album Supa Dupa Fly, Timbaland became a prominent producer for R&B and hip-hop artists. As a rapper he initially released several albums with fellow rapper Magoo, but later released his debut solo album Tim's Bio in 1998. In 2007, Timbaland released the first album in his Shock Value series, Timbaland Presents: Shock Value. In 2009, Timbaland Presents: Shock Value II was released. His work ranges from Aaliyah, Ginuwine, Missy Elliott, as well as other R&B artists of the mid-90's, to Jay-Z, LL Cool J, Ludacris, and other hip-hop artists of the early and mid-2000s. In 2006 he produced Justin Timberlake's album FutureSex/LoveSounds, which sold over 10 million copies worldwide and spawned hits such as \"SexyBack\", \"My Love\" and \"What Goes Around... Comes Around\". In 2006 he produced Nelly Furtado's Loose, which also sold 10 million copies worldwide and had hits such as \"Promiscuous\", \"Maneater\", and \"Say it Right\". In 2006 and 2007 alone, Timbaland was responsible for 16 Billboard Hot 100 top-ten singles.
/m/085wqm	End of Days is a 1999 American action/action horror/thriller film directed by Peter Hyams starring Arnold Schwarzenegger, Gabriel Byrne, Robin Tunney, Kevin Pollak, Rod Steiger, CCH Pounder, and Udo Kier.
/m/04v7kt	Idrissa Akuna \"Idris\" Elba is a British actor, producer, singer, rapper, and DJ. He is best known for his portrayal of drug lord and aspiring businessman Russell \"Stringer\" Bell in the HBO series The Wire, Detective John Luther in the BBC One series Luther, and Nelson Mandela in the biographical film Mandela: Long Walk to Freedom. Elba has been nominated for three Golden Globe Awards for Best Actor in a Miniseries or Television Film, winning one, and for Best Actor, as well as earning three Primetime Emmy Award nominations.\nElba has appeared in films such as American Gangster, Daddy's Little Girls, Takers, Thor, Prometheus, Pacific Rim and Thor: The Dark World. In addition to his acting work, he is a DJ under the moniker DJ Big Driis and a hip-hop soul musician.
/m/0r771	Petaluma is a city in Sonoma County, California, in the United States. In the 2010 Census the population was 57,941.\nLocated in Petaluma is the Rancho Petaluma Adobe, a National Historic Landmark. It was built beginning in 1836 by General Mariano Guadalupe Vallejo, then Commandant of the San Francisco Presidio. It was the center of a vast 66,000 acre ranch stretching from Petaluma River to Sonoma Creek. The adobe is considered one of the best preserved buildings of its era in Northern California.\nPetaluma is a transliteration of the Coast Miwok phrase péta lúuma which means hill backside and probably refers to Petaluma's proximity to Sonoma Mountain.\nPetaluma has a well-preserved, historic city center which includes many buildings that survived the 1906 San Francisco earthquake.
/m/01sjz_	St Catharine’s College is a constituent college of the University of Cambridge. Founded in 1473, the college is often referred to informally by the nickname \"Catz\". The college is located in the historic city-centre of Cambridge, and lies just south of King's College. The college is notable for its open court that faces towards Trumpington Street.\nAs of 2011, St. Catharine's had an endowment of £42m.
/m/0g_92	Deborah Kerr CBE was a Scottish-born film, theatre and television actress. During her career, she won a Golden Globe for her performance as Anna Leonowens in the motion picture The King and I and the Sarah Siddons Award for her performance as \"Laura Reynolds\" in the play Tea and Sympathy. She was also a three-time winner of the New York Film Critics Circle Award for Best Actress.\nKerr was nominated six times for the Academy Award for Best Actress, but never won. In 1994, however, having already received honorary awards from the Cannes Film Festival and BAFTA, she received an Academy Honorary Award with a citation recognising her as \"an artist of impeccable grace and beauty, a dedicated actress whose motion picture career has always stood for perfection, discipline and elegance\". As well as The King and I, her films include An Affair to Remember, From Here to Eternity, Quo Vadis, The Innocents, Black Narcissus, Heaven Knows, Mr. Allison, The Life and Death of Colonel Blimp and Separate Tables.
/m/0xckc	Livonia is a city in the northwest part of Wayne County in the U.S. state of Michigan. Livonia is a very large suburb with an array of traditional neighborhoods connected to the metropolitan area by freeways. The population was 96,942 at the 2010 census, making it Michigan's 9th largest municipality. The municipality is a part of Metro Detroit, and is located approximately 15 miles northwest from downtown Detroit, and less than two miles from the western city limits of Detroit.
/m/02ln1	Edmund Gustav Albrecht Husserl was a German philosopher who established the school of phenomenology. He broke with the positivist orientation of the science and philosophy of his day. He elaborated critiques of historicism and of psychologism in logic. Not limited to empiricism, but believing that experience is the source of all knowledge, he worked on a method of phenomenological reduction by which a subject may come to know directly an essence.\nAlthough born into a Jewish family, Husserl was baptized as a Lutheran in 1886. He studied mathematics under Karl Weierstrass and Leo Königsberger, and philosophy under Franz Brentano and Carl Stumpf. Husserl himself taught philosophy as a Privatdozent at Halle from 1887, then as professor, first at Göttingen from 1901, then at Freiburg from 1916 until he retired in 1928. Thereafter he gave two notable lectures: at Paris in 1929, and at Prague in 1935. The notorious 1933 race laws of the Nazi regime took away his academic standing and privileges. Following an illness, he died at Freiburg in 1938.
/m/01s560x	Oasis were an English rock band formed in Manchester in 1991. Developed from an earlier group called the Rain, the band originally consisted of Liam Gallagher, Paul \"Bonehead\" Arthurs, Paul \"Guigsy\" McGuigan and Tony McCarroll. They were later joined by Liam's older brother Noel Gallagher as a fifth member.\nOasis signed to independent record label Creation Records in 1993 and released their record-setting debut album Definitely Maybe. The following year the band recorded Morning Glory? with their new drummer Alan White in the midst of rivalry with Britpop peers Blur in the charts. The Gallagher brothers were featured regularly in tabloid newspapers for their sibling disputes and wild lifestyles. In 1997 Oasis released their third album, Be Here Now, and although it became the fastest-selling album in UK chart history, the album's popularity tapered off quickly. McGuigan and Arthurs left Oasis in 1999 as the band went on to record and release Standing on the Shoulder of Giants. After their departures, they were replaced by Gem Archer and Andy Bell who joined the group for the tour in support of Standing on the Shoulder of Giants, which had moderate success. Their fifth studio album Heathen Chemistry saw Noel Gallagher's releasing strict creative control in the band's output with all members contributing songs, which led to more relaxed recording sessions. In 2004 the band were joined by The Who's drummer Zak Starkey, replacing Alan White, and found renewed success and popularity with Don't Believe the Truth.
/m/040_lv	I ♥ Huckabees is a 2004 American philosophical comedy film from Fox Searchlight. It was produced and directed by David O. Russell, who co-wrote the screenplay with Jeff Baena.\nThe film stars Dustin Hoffman, Isabelle Huppert, Jude Law, Jason Schwartzman, Lily Tomlin, Mark Wahlberg, and Naomi Watts.
/m/015p6	Birds are feathered, winged, two-legged, warm-blooded, egg-laying vertebrates. Aves ranks as the tetrapod class with the most living species, approximately ten thousand. Extant birds belong to the subclass Neornithes, living worldwide and ranging in size from the 5 cm Bee Hummingbird to the 2.75 m Ostrich. The fossil record indicates that birds emerged within the theropod dinosaurs during the Jurassic period, around 150 million years ago. Most researchers agree that modern-day birds are the only living members of the Dinosauria clade.\nModern birds are characterised by feathers, a beak with no teeth, the laying of hard-shelled eggs, a high metabolic rate, a four-chambered heart, and a lightweight but strong skeleton. Extant birds have wings; the most recent species without wings was the moa, which is generally considered to have become extinct in the 16th century. Wings are evolved forelimbs, and most bird species can fly. Flightless birds include ratites, penguins, and diverse endemic island species. Some species of birds, particularly penguins and members of the Anatidae family, are adapted to swim. Birds also have digestive and respiratory systems that are uniquely adapted for flight. Some birds, especially corvids and parrots, are among the most intelligent animal species; several bird species make and use tools, and many social species culturally transmit knowledge across generations.
/m/01jrvr6	Cole Albert Porter was an American composer and songwriter. Born to a wealthy family in Indiana, he defied the wishes of his domineering grandfather and took up music as a profession. Classically trained, he was drawn towards musical theatre. After a slow start, he began to achieve success in the 1920s, and by the 1930s he was one of the major songwriters for the Broadway musical stage. Unlike many successful Broadway composers, Porter wrote the lyrics as well as the music for his songs.\nAfter a serious horseback riding accident in 1937, Porter was left disabled and in constant pain, but he continued to work. His shows of the early 1940s did not contain the lasting hits of his best work of the 1920s and 30s, but in 1948 he made a triumphant comeback with his most successful musical, Kiss Me, Kate. It won the first Tony Award for Best Musical.\nPorter's other musicals include Fifty Million Frenchmen, DuBarry Was a Lady, Anything Goes, Can-Can and Silk Stockings. His numerous hit songs include \"Night and Day\", \"I Get a Kick Out of You\", \"Well, Did You Evah!\", \"I've Got You Under My Skin\", \"My Heart Belongs to Daddy\" and \"You're the Top\". He also composed scores for films from the 1930s to the 1950s, including Born to Dance, which featured the song \"You'd Be So Easy to Love\", Rosalie, which featured \"In the Still of the Night\"; High Society, which included \"True Love\"; and Les Girls.
/m/06kb_	Joseph Rudyard Kipling was an English short-story writer, poet, and novelist. He is chiefly remembered for his tales and poems of British soldiers in India and his tales for children. He was born in Bombay, in the Bombay Presidency of British India, and was taken by his family to England when he was five years old. Kipling is best known for his works of fiction, including The Jungle Book, Just So Stories, Kim, many short stories, including \"The Man Who Would Be King\"; and his poems, including \"Mandalay\", \"Gunga Din\", \"The Gods of the Copybook Headings\", \"The White Man's Burden\", and \"If—\". He is regarded as a major \"innovator in the art of the short story\"; his children's books are enduring classics of children's literature; and his best works are said to exhibit \"a versatile and luminous narrative gift\".\nKipling was one of the most popular writers in England, in both prose and verse, in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. Henry James said: \"Kipling strikes me personally as the most complete man of genius that I have ever known.\" In 1907, he was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature, making him the first English-language writer to receive the prize, and to date he remains its youngest recipient. Among other honours, he was sounded out for the British Poet Laureateship and on several occasions for a knighthood, all of which he declined.
/m/027b9ly	The London Film Critics Circle Award for Director of the Year in an annual award given by the London Film Critics' Circle.
/m/02lfl4	Genaro Anthony \"Tony\" Sirico, Jr. is an American actor and voice actor who is most noted for his role as the mobster Paulie \"Walnuts\" Gualtieri in the television series The Sopranos.
/m/0m_mm	Giant is a 1956 American drama film, directed by George Stevens from a screenplay adapted by Fred Guiol and Ivan Moffat from the novel by Edna Ferber. The film stars Elizabeth Taylor, Rock Hudson and James Dean and features Carroll Baker, Jane Withers, Chill Wills, Mercedes McCambridge, Dennis Hopper, Sal Mineo, Rod Taylor, Elsa Cardenas and Earl Holliman. Giant was the last of James Dean's three films as a leading actor, and earned him his second and last Academy Award nomination – he was killed in a car accident before the film was released. Nick Adams was called in to do some voice-over dubbing for Dean's role.\nIn 2005, the film was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant\".
/m/0t6sb	Kingston is a Canadian city located in Eastern Ontario where the St. Lawrence River flows out of Lake Ontario.\nGrowing European exploration in the 17th century and the desire for the Europeans to establish a presence close to local Native occupants to control trade led to the founding of a French trading post known as Fort Frontenac in 1673. The fort became a focus for settlement.\nLocated midway between Toronto and Montreal, Kingston was named the first capital of the Province of Canada on February 15, 1841, by Governor Lord Sydenham. While its time as a political centre was short, Kingston has remained an important military installation.\nKingston was the county seat of Frontenac County until 1998. Kingston is a separated municipality from the County of Frontenac. According to the 2011 Canadian census, the population of the city proper was 123,363, while the population of the census metropolitan area was 159,561.\nKingston is nicknamed the \"Limestone City\" because of the many heritage buildings constructed using local limestone.
/m/0457w0	Ricardo Dwayne Fuller is a Jamaican footballer who plays as a striker for Blackpool. He has also played for the Jamaica national team.\nFuller started his football career with Jamaican side Tivoli Gardens, before he moved to England with Crystal Palace in February 2001. He returned to Jamaica and then went on loan to Hearts, before joining Preston North End. He scored 27 goals in 58 League game at Preston, which prompted Portsmouth to pay £1million for his services. Fuller failed to make an impact at Portsmouth and joined rivals Southampton in 2005 before Stoke City signed him for £500,000 in August 2006.\nAt Stoke, he became an influential member of the first team and his goals helped the \"Potters\" gain promotion to the Premier League in 2008. He remained a key figure in the top-flight, despite a poor disciplinary record, and helped Stoke reach the 2011 FA Cup Final, but missed out on the final due to injury. After he recovered from his injury he was only give a bit-part role and he left the club in June 2012 for a one season stay with Charlton Athletic.
/m/0pc62	Pearl Harbor is a 2001 American epic war film directed by Michael Bay, produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and written by Randall Wallace. It features a large ensemble cast, including Ben Affleck, Josh Hartnett, Kate Beckinsale, Cuba Gooding, Jr., Tom Sizemore, Jon Voight, Colm Feore and Alec Baldwin.\nPearl Harbor is a dramatic reimagining of The Blitz, Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor and the subsequent Doolittle Raid. Some special prints were made from the color negatives using the recently re-introduced Technicolor dye imbibition printing process. Despite negative reviews from critics, Pearl Harbor became a major box office success, earning nearly $450 million worldwide and was nominated for four Academy Awards, winning one for sound editing.
/m/01rlz4	Bolton Wanderers Football Club is an English professional football club based in Bolton in the Metropolitan Borough of Bolton, who play in the Football League Championship. The club currently competes in the 2013–14 Championship, having been relegated from the Premier League at the end of the 2011–12 season, after finishing 18th.\nThe club was formed as Christ Church Football Club in 1874, and adopted its current name in 1877. Founder members of the Football League, Bolton have spent the highest number of seasons of any club in the top flight without winning the title. The closest they have come to the title is third in the First Division on three occasions.\nBolton were a successful cup side in the 1920s, winning the FA Cup three times. The club won the cup a fourth time in 1958. A leaner spell followed, reaching a nadir in 1987 when the club spent a season in the Fourth Division. The club regained top-flight status in 1995 after a 15-year absence. In a period of relative success, the club qualified for the UEFA Cup twice, reaching the last 32 in 2005–06 and the last 16 in 2007–08.
/m/02_sr1	Rush Hour 2 is a 2001 martial arts buddy action comedy film. This is the second installment in the Rush Hour series. A sequel to the 1998 film Rush Hour, the film stars Jackie Chan and Chris Tucker who respectively reprise their roles as Inspector Lee and Detective Carter. The film finds Lee and Carter embroiled in a counterfeit scam involving the Triads.\nRush Hour 2 was released August 3, 2001 to mixed reviews from critics, but it grossed $347,325,802 at the worldwide box office, becoming the eleventh highest-grossing film of 2001 worldwide. It is the highest-grossing live-action martial arts film of all time, and the second highest-grossing martial arts film of all time, behind Kung Fu Panda. The film was followed up with another sequel, Rush Hour 3, in 2007.
/m/0glnm	The Gay Divorcee is a 1934 American musical film directed by Mark Sandrich and starring Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers. It also features Alice Brady, Edward Everett Horton, Eric Blore and Erik Rhodes, and was based on the Broadway musical Gay Divorce written by Dwight Taylor from an unproduced play by J. Hartley Manners, which was adapted into a musical by Kenneth S. Webb and Samuel Hoffenstein. The film's screenplay was written by George Marion Jr., Dorothy Yost and Edward Kaufman. Robert Benchley, H. W. Hanemann and Stanley Rauh made uncredited contributions to the dialogue.\nThe stage version included many songs by Cole Porter, most of which were left out of the film, \"Night and Day\" being a notable exception. Although the film's screenplay changed most of the songs, it kept the original plot of the stage version. The film features three members of the play's original cast repeating their stage roles - Astaire, Rhodes, and Eric Blore. The Hays Office insisted on the name change, from \"Gay Divorce\" to \"The Gay Divorcee\", believing that while a divorcee could be gay or lighthearted, it would be unseemly to allow a divorce to appear so.\nThe Gay Divorcee was a box office hit and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture in 1935.
/m/0mfj2	John Franklin Candy was a Canadian actor and comedian who rose to fame as a member of the Toronto branch of The Second City and its related Second City Television series, and through his appearances in comedy films such as Stripes, Splash, Cool Runnings, Summer Rental, The Great Outdoors, Spaceballs, and Uncle Buck. One of his most renowned onscreen performances was as Del Griffith, the loquacious, on-the-move shower-curtain ring salesman in the John Hughes comedy Planes, Trains and Automobiles. While filming the Western parody Wagons East!, Candy died of a heart attack in his sleep in Durango, Mexico, at the age of 43. His final two films, Wagons East! and Canadian Bacon, are dedicated to his memory.
/m/05ty4m	Judd Apatow is an American film producer, director, comedian, actor, and screenwriter. Best known for his work in comedy films, he is the founder of Apatow Productions and also developed the cult television series Freaks and Geeks, Undeclared and Girls. Apatow's work has won numerous awards including a Primetime Emmy Award, a Hollywood Comedy Award, and an AFI Award for his movie Bridesmaids. His work has also been nominated for Grammy Awards, PGA Awards, Golden Globe Awards and Academy Awards. In October 2012, Vanity Fair announced that Apatow would be guest-editing their comedy Issue, the first person to ever do so. Apatow will also reportedly guest-write an episode of The Simpsons that is due sometime in 2014. In 2007, he was ranked #1 on Entertainment Weekly's The 50 Smartest People in Hollywood.
/m/04v89z	The Longest Day is a 1962 war film based on the 1959 history book The Longest Day by Cornelius Ryan, about D-Day, the Normandy landings on 6 June 1944, during World War II. Producer Darryl F. Zanuck paid the book's author, Cornelius Ryan, US$175,000 for the film rights. The screenplay adaptation was written by Romain Gary, James Jones, David Pursall, Jack Seddon, and Ryan. It was directed by Ken Annakin, Andrew Marton, Gerd Oswald, Bernhard Wicki, and Darryl F. Zanuck.\nThe Longest Day, which was made in black and white, features a large ensemble cast including John Wayne, Kenneth More, Richard Todd, Robert Mitchum, Richard Burton, Sean Connery, Henry Fonda, Red Buttons, Rod Steiger, Leo Genn, Peter Lawford, Gert Fröbe, Irina Demick, Bourvil, Curd Jürgens, Robert Wagner, Paul Anka and Arletty. Many of these actors played roles that were virtually cameo appearances and several cast members such as Todd, Fonda, Steiger and Genn saw action as servicemen during the war.\nThe film employed several Axis and Allied military consultants who had been actual participants on D-Day. Many had their roles re-enacted in the film. These included: Günther Blumentritt, James M. Gavin, Frederick Morgan, John Howard, Lord Lovat, Philippe Kieffer, Pierre Koenig, Max Pemsel, Werner Pluskat, Josef \"Pips\" Priller and Lucie Rommel.
/m/06msq	Sculpture is the branch of the visual arts that operates in three dimensions and one of the plastic arts. Durable sculptural processes originally used carving and modelling, in stone, metal, ceramics, wood and other materials but, since modernism, shifts in sculptural process led to an almost complete freedom of materials and process. A wide variety of materials may be worked by removal such as carving, assembled by welding or modelling, or molded, or cast.\nSculpture in stone survives far better than works of art in perishable materials, and often represents the majority of the surviving works from ancient cultures, though conversely traditions of sculpture in wood may have vanished almost entirely. However, most ancient sculpture was brightly painted, and this has been lost.\nSculpture has been central in religious devotion in many cultures, and until recent centuries large sculptures, too expensive for private individuals to create, were usually an expression of religion or politics. Those cultures whose sculptures have survived in quantities include the cultures of the Ancient Mediterranean, India and China, as well as many in South America and Africa.
/m/083qy7	Giovani dos Santos Ramírez, simply referred to as Giovani is a Mexican footballer who currently plays as an attacking midfielder for Spanish La Liga club Villarreal CF. He can also play as a winger or second striker.\nGiovani began his football career at a young age, being recruited by Spanish club FC Barcelona and played for their B team until age 18. He made his way up the ranks, eventually playing for the senior squad, making his debut in 2007. That year, dos Santos was named by World Soccer Magazine as one of the \"Top 50 Most Exciting Teen Footballers\". After playing one season at Barcelona, he transferred to Premier League club Tottenham Hotspur in 2008 in search for more playing time. Though he would stay with the club until 2012, his time there was mostly spent away on loan, at Ipswich Town, Galatasaray, and Racing Santander, with varying degrees of success. Tottenham eventually sold him to Mallorca in 2012. After Mallorca's relegation, he was sold to Villarreal in 2013.\nGiovani was a member of the Mexican national under-17 team that won the 2005 U17 World Cup held in Peru. He made his senior debut for the Mexico national team in a 1–0 victory over Panama on 9 September 2007. He was called to play at the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa. He was also a member of the gold medal-winning team at the 2012 London Olympics.
/m/052fbt	The Province of Milan is a province in the Lombardy region, Italy. Its capital is the city of Milan. The provincial territory is highly urbanized, resulting in the third highest population density among the Italian provinces with more than 2,000 inhabitants/km², just behind the provinces of Naples and the bordering Monza e Brianza, created in 2004 splitting the north-eastern part from the province of Milan itself.
/m/03t28q	Word Entertainment is a Christian faith-based entertainment company based in Nashville, Tennessee. It is co-owned by Warner Music Group and Curb Records. Word Entertainment consists of Word Records, Fervent Records, Word Music, Word Music Publishing, Word Distribution, 25 Artist Agency, 25 Events & Word Films.
/m/0cxbth	Valenciennes Football Club is a French association football club based in Valenciennes. The club was founded in 1913 and currently play in Ligue 1, the top level of French football. Valenciennes plays its home matches at the recently built Stade du Hainaut located within the city. The team is managed by former football player Ariël Jacobs and captained by defender David Ducourtioux.\nValenciennes was founded under the name Union Sportive de Valenciennes Anzin. The club spent over 80 years playing under the name before switching to its current name. Valenciennes has spent an equal amount of time playing in Ligue 1 and Ligue 2 having played 40 seasons in the first division and 36 seasons in the second division. The club has never won the first division, but has won Ligue 2 on two occasions. Valenciennes has also won the Championnat National and the Championnat de France amateur in 2005 and 1998, respectively. In 1951, the club made its first and only appearance in a Coupe de France final. Valenciennes kit sponsor is Nike.\nFrom 2004–2011, Valenciennes was presided over by Francis Decourrière, a former politician who served as a Member of the European Parliament under the Social Democratic Party from 1994–1999 and later the Union pour la Démocratie Française from 1999–2004. In 2011, Decourrière left the position and was replaced by Jean-Raymond Legrand.
/m/017v_	The Free State of Bavaria is a state of Germany, located in the southeast. With an area of 70,548 square kilometres, it is the largest state by area, forming almost 20% of the total land area of Germany. Bavaria is Germany's second most populous state, with 12.5 million inhabitants. Bavaria's capital and largest city is Munich, the third largest city in Germany.\nBavaria is the oldest continuously existing state in Europe; it was established as a duchy in the mid first millennium. In the 17th century, the Duke of Bavaria became a Prince-elector of the Holy Roman Empire of the German Nation. The Kingdom of Bavaria existed from 1806 to 1918, and Bavaria has since been a free state. Modern Bavaria also includes parts of the historical regions of Franconia, Upper Palatinate and Swabia.
/m/0fpjyd	Christopher Young is an American music composer for both film and television.\nMany of his music compositions are for horror films, including Hellraiser, Tales from the Hood, A Nightmare on Elm Street 2: Freddy's Revenge, Urban Legend, and Drag Me to Hell. Other works include Lucky You and Spider-Man 3, for which he received the Film & TV Music Award for Best Score for a Dramatic Feature Film. He also made three cameo appearances in Spider-Man 3.\nYoung was honored with the prestigious Richard Kirk award at the 2008 BMI Film and TV Awards. The award is given annually to a composer who has made significant contributions to film and television music.
/m/03x762	Alemannia Aachen is a German football club from the western city of Aachen, North Rhine-Westphalia. A long term fixture of the country's second division, Alemannia enjoyed a three-year turn in the top flight in the late 1960s and, after a successful 2005–06 campaign, returned to first division play for a single season. The club has since slipped to third division play and in late 2012 entered into bankruptcy. They plan to finish their 2012–13 3. Liga schedule before resuming play in the tier IV Regionalliga West in 2013–14.\nAlemannia carries the strange nickname \"the Potato Beetles\" because of their striped yellow-black jerseys, which make them look like the particular insects.
/m/0dzkq	Jacques Derrida was a French philosopher, born in French Algeria. Derrida is best known for developing a form of semiotic analysis known as deconstruction. He is one of the major figures associated with post-structuralism and postmodern philosophy.\nDuring his career Derrida published more than 40 books, together with hundreds of essays and public presentations. He had a significant influence upon the humanities and social sciences, including—in addition to philosophy and literature—law anthropology, historiography, linguistics, sociolinguistics, psychoanalysis, political theory, feminism, and queer studies. His work still has a major influence in the academe of Continental Europe, South America and all other countries where continental philosophy is predominant, particularly in debates around ontology, epistemology, ethics, aesthetics, hermeneutics, and the philosophy of language. Jacques Derrida's work also influenced architecture, music, art, and art critics. Derrida was said to \"leave behind a legacy of himself as the 'originator' of deconstruction.\"
/m/0yc7f	Mount Vernon is a city in Westchester County, New York, United States. It lies on the border of the New York City borough of the Bronx. As of the 2010 census, Mount Vernon had a population of 67,292.
/m/02qx1m2	Henry Blanke was a German-born film producer who also worked as an assistant director, supervisor, writer, and production manager. He was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture for The Nun's Story.\nBorn in Steglitz, Berlin, Germany, Blanke began his career as a film cutter in 1920. He produced nine films in his native Germany before emigrating to Hollywood, where his first film was Mystery of the Wax Museum.
/m/02cmr1	An all-rounder is a cricketer who regularly performs well at both batting and bowling. Although all bowlers must bat and quite a few batsmen do bowl occasionally, most players are skilled in only one of the two disciplines and are considered specialists. Some wicket-keepers have the skills of a specialist batsman and have been referred to as all-rounders, but the term wicketkeeper-batsman is more commonly applied to them. Among the greatest all-rounders have been Imran Khan, George Hirst, Wilfred Rhodes, Chris Cairns, Shaun Pollock, Keith Miller, Garfield Sobers, Ian Botham, Jacques Kallis, Kapil Dev, Richard Hadlee, W. G. Grace, Mushtaq Mohammad, Lance Klusener, Walter Hammond, Andrew Flintoff, Shakib Al Hasan, Vinoo Mankad, Shahid Afridi, and Abdul Razzaq.
/m/09g0h	George Michael \"Micky\" Dolenz, Jr. is an American actor, musician, television director, radio personality and theater director, best known as the drummer and lead vocalist of the 1960s rock band The Monkees.
/m/0br2wp	Zetima is a Japanese record label owned by Up-Front Works, a Japanese entertainment management company. The label is handled by Epic Records, a division of Sony Music Entertainment Japan. Outside Japan the label is most famous for releasing music by several participants in Hello! Project, the most famous of these being Morning Musume. Former Zetima acts include Michiyo Heike, Minimoni and Naomi Tamura.
/m/07gql	A trumpet is a musical instrument. It is the highest register in the brass family. Trumpets are among the oldest musical instruments, dating back to at least 1500 BC. They are played by blowing air through closed lips, producing a \"buzzing\" sound that starts a standing wave vibration in the air column inside the instrument. Since the late 15th century they have primarily been constructed of brass tubing, usually bent twice into a rounded oblong shape.\nThere are several types of trumpet. The most common is a transposing instrument pitched in B♭ with a tubing length of about 148 cm. Earlier trumpets did not have valves, but modern instruments generally have either three piston valves or, more rarely, three rotary valves. Each valve increases the length of tubing when engaged, thereby lowering the pitch.\nA musician who plays the trumpet is called a trumpet player or trumpeter.
/m/01_8n9	Walsall Football Club are an English association football club based in Walsall, West Midlands. They currently play in League One, the third tier in the English football league system. The club was founded in 1888 as Walsall Town Swifts, an amalgamation of Walsall Town F.C. and Walsall Swifts F.C. The club was one of the founder members of the Second Division in 1892, but have spent their entire existence outside English football's top division; their highest league finish was sixth in Division Two in 1898–99.\nWalsall moved into their Bescot Stadium in 1990, having previously played at nearby Fellows Park. The ground is now known as Banks's Stadium for sponsorship purposes. The team play in a red and white kit and their club crest features a swift. The club's nickname, The Saddlers, reflects Walsall's status as a traditional centre for saddle manufacture.
/m/01j851	Ferrah Leni \"Farrah\" Fawcett was an American actress and artist. A multiple Golden Globe and Emmy Award nominee, Fawcett rose to international fame when she posed for her iconic red swimsuit poster and starred as private investigator Jill Munroe in the first season of the television series Charlie's Angels.\nFawcett later appeared off-Broadway to critical approval and in highly rated and critically acclaimed television movies, in roles often challenging, such as in The Burning Bed and Poor Little Rich Girl: The Barbara Hutton Story and sometimes unsympathetic, such as in Small Sacrifices.\nIn 1996, Fawcett was ranked No. 26 on TV Guide's \"50 Greatest TV Stars of All Time\" list.
/m/08zrbl	There Will Be Blood is a 2007 American epic drama film written, co-produced, and directed by Paul Thomas Anderson. The film is loosely based on Upton Sinclair's 1927 novel Oil!. It tells the story of a silver miner-turned-oilman on a ruthless quest for wealth during Southern California's oil boom of the late 19th and early 20th centuries. It stars Daniel Day-Lewis and Paul Dano.\nThe film received significant critical praise and numerous award nominations and victories. It premiered at the Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Silver Bear Award for Best Director and a Special Artistic Contribution Award to Jonny Greenwood's score. It appeared on many critics' \"top ten\" lists for the year, notably the American Film Institute, the National Society of Film Critics, the National Board of Review, and the Los Angeles Film Critics Association. Day-Lewis won Oscar, BAFTA, Golden Globe, Screen Actors Guild, NYFCC and IFTA Best Actor awards for his performance. The film was nominated for eight Academy Awards including Best Picture, winning Best Actor for Day-Lewis and Best Cinematography for Robert Elswit.\nIn late 2009, it was chosen by Lisa Schwarzbaum of Entertainment Weekly, Peter Bradshaw of The Guardian, Peter Travers of Rolling Stone and Michael Phillips of the Chicago Tribune and At the Movies as the best film of the first decade of the 21st century. In 2012, in the British Sight & Sound poll of Critics for the Best Films Ever Made, There Will Be Blood ranked 202.
/m/02lp1	Electrical engineering is a field of engineering that generally deals with the study and application of electricity, electronics, and electromagnetism. This field first became an identifiable occupation in the latter half of the 19th century after commercialization of the electric telegraph, the telephone, and electric power distribution and use. Subsequently, broadcasting and recording media made electronics part of daily life. The invention of the transistor and, subsequently, the integrated circuit brought down the cost of electronics to the point where they can be used in almost any household object. The personal computer and information technology are the most complex electronics yet to be used in everyday life.\nElectrical engineering has now subdivided into a wide range of subfields including electronics, digital computers, power engineering, telecommunications, control systems, RF engineering, signal processing, instrumentation, and microelectronics. The subject of electronic engineering is often treated as its own subfield but it intersects with all the other subfields, including the power electronics of power engineering.\nElectrical engineers typically hold a degree in electrical engineering or electronic engineering. Practicing engineers may have professional certification and be members of a professional body. Such bodies include the Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers and the Institution of Engineering and Technology.
/m/02jjt	Entertainment is a form of activity that holds the attention and interest of an audience, or gives pleasure and delight. It can be an idea or a task, but is more likely to be one of the activities or events that have developed over thousands of years specifically for the purpose of keeping an audience's attention. Although people's attention is held by different things, because individuals have different preferences in entertainment, most forms are recognisable and familiar. Storytelling, music, drama, dance, and different kinds of performance exist in all cultures, were supported in royal courts, developed into sophisticated forms and over time became available to all citizens. The process has been accelerated in modern times by an entertainment industry which records and sells entertainment products. Entertainment evolves and can be adapted to suit any scale, ranging from an individual who chooses a private entertainment from a now enormous array of pre-recorded products; to a banquet adapted for two; to any size or type of party, with appropriate music and dance; to performances intended for thousands; and even for a global audience.\nThe experience of being entertained has come to be strongly associated with amusement, so that one common understanding of the idea is fun and laughter, although many entertainments have a serious purpose. This may be the case in the various forms of ceremony, celebration, religious festival, or satire for example. Hence, there is the possibility that what appears as entertainment may also be a means of achieving insight or intellectual growth.
/m/0415zv	The Zambia national football team represents the country of Zambia in the sport of association football and is governed by the Football Association of Zambia. Before independence, they were known as the KK 11 after founding president Dr. Kenneth Kaunda fondly called KK who ruled Zambia from 1964 to 1991. When the country adopted multiparty politics the side is nicknamed Chipolopolo as copper is one of the nation's main exports. The team has three Africa Cup of Nations final appearances to its credit. They were once holders of the Africa Cup of Nations, winning in the 2012 final against Ivory Coast. In addition to this 2012 cup triumph, its other memorable moments include a 4–0 victory over Italy in the 1988 Olympic football tournament in Seoul, South Korea that saw Kalusha Bwalya score a hat-trick. The current manager of the team is Frenchman Patrice Beaumelle.
/m/034rd9	Jennifer Hale is a Canadian-born American actress best known for her voice over work in video games like Grandia II, the Mass Effect trilogy, Diablo III, Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic, Guild Wars 2, Tales of Symphonia, the Metroid Prime trilogy, the Metal Gear Solid games, Brütal Legend, Halo 4, and Disney's animated movies. As a result of her prolific works as a voice actress in video gaming, Guinness World Records awarded her with a Guinness World Record for being \"the most prolific videogame voice actor\" which has been featured in the book Guinness World Records 2013: Gamer's Edition.
/m/08b8vd	Laraine Day was an American actress and a former Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer contract star.
/m/043js	James Todd Spader is an American actor best known for his eccentric roles in films such as Pretty in Pink, The Pentagon Papers, Less Than Zero, Sex, Lies, and Videotape, Crash, Stargate, Secretary, and Lincoln. His most famous television roles are those of the colorful attorney Alan Shore in The Practice and its spin-off Boston Legal, for which he won three Emmy Awards, and Robert California in The Office. He currently stars as Raymond \"Red\" Reddington in The Blacklist, and he is set to play Ultron in Marvel Studios' upcoming film Avengers: Age of Ultron.
/m/057wlm	The Citadel, The Military College of South Carolina, commonly referred to simply as The Citadel, is a state-supported, comprehensive college located in Charleston, South Carolina, United States; founded in 1842. It is one of the six Senior Military Colleges in the United States. It has 17 academic departments divided into five schools offering 19 majors and 35 minors. The core day program consists of military cadets pursuing bachelor's degrees who are required to live on campus for all four years. The evening program, known as The Citadel Graduate College, includes a large postgraduate program, an on-line Masters Degree program and a small number of part-time students pursuing undergraduate degrees. The Citadel is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools.
/m/0nbzp	Portsmouth is a city in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, in the United States. It is the largest city in the county, but only the fourth-largest community, with a population of 21,233 at the 2010 census. A historic seaport and popular summer tourist destination, Portsmouth was the home of the Strategic Air Command's Pease Air Force Base, later converted to Portsmouth International Airport at Pease with limited commercial air service.
/m/03pcnt	Bay is a hair coat color of horses, characterized by a reddish brown body color with a black mane, tail, ear edges, and lower legs. Bay is one of the most common coat colors in many horse breeds.\nThe black areas of a bay horse's hair coat are called \"black points\", and without them, a horse cannot be a bay. Black points may sometimes be covered by white markings, however such markings do not alter a horse's classification as \"bay\". Bay horses have dark skin, except under white markings, where the skin is pink. Genetically, bay occurs when a horse carries both the Agouti gene and a black base coat. The addition of other genes creates many additional coat colors. While the basic concepts behind bay coloring are fairly simple, the genes themselves and the mechanisms that cause shade variations within the bay family are quite complex and, at times, disputed. The genetics of dark shades of bay are still under study. A DNA test for seal brown has been developed, but sooty genetics also appear to darken some horse' bay coats, and that genetic mechanism is yet to be fully understood.
/m/01c5d5	Frank Tashlin, born Francis Fredrick von Taschlein, was an American animator, screenwriter, and film director. He was also known as Tish Tash and Frank Tash.
/m/01tjvv	Durban is the largest city in the South African province of KwaZulu-Natal. It is also the second most important manufacturing hub in South Africa after Johannesburg. It forms part of the eThekwini metropolitan municipality. Durban is famous for being the busiest port in South Africa and Africa. It is also seen as one of the major centres of tourism because of the city's warm subtropical climate and extensive beaches. The municipality, which includes neighbouring towns, has a population of almost 3.5 million, making the combined municipality the biggest city on the Indian Ocean coast of the African continent. The metropolitan land area of 2,292 square kilometres is comparatively larger than other South African cities, resulting in a somewhat lower population density of 1,513 /km².
/m/057xn_m	Hayley Nichole Williams is an American singer and songwriter. She is the lead vocalist of the American rock band Paramore.
/m/0mx3k	Multnomah County is one of 36 counties in the U.S. state of Oregon. It is part of the Portland metropolitan area and though smallest in area, it is the state's most populous county. Its county seat, Portland, is the state's largest city. As of the 2010 census, the county's population was 735,334.
/m/084kf	Waterloo is a city in and the county seat of Black Hawk County, Iowa, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census the population decreased by 0.5% to 68,406; a recent 2011 Census estimates the population at 68,653, making it the sixth-largest city in the state. Waterloo is part of the Waterloo – Cedar Falls Metropolitan Statistical Area, and is the more populous of the two cities.
/m/0y_9q	Dances with Wolves is a 1990 American epic western film directed, produced by, and starring Kevin Costner. It is a film adaptation of the 1988 book of the same name by Michael Blake and tells the story of a Union Army lieutenant who travels to the American frontier to find a military post, and his dealings with a group of Lakota Indians.\nCostner developed the film over a period of 5 years, with an initial budget of $15 million. Dances with Wolves had high production values and won seven Academy Awards including Best Picture and the Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture – Drama. Much of the dialogue is spoken in Lakota with English subtitles. It was shot in South Dakota and Wyoming, and translated by Albert White Hat, the chair of the Lakota Studies Department at Sinte Gleska University.\nThe film is credited as a leading influence for the revitalization of the Western genre of filmmaking in Hollywood. In 2007, Dances with Wolves was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant.\"
/m/06b_0	Roman Polanski is a Polish and, since 1976, naturalized-French film director, producer, writer, and actor. Having made films in Poland, the United Kingdom, France and the United States, he is considered one of the few \"truly international filmmakers.\" Polanski's films have inspired diverse directors, including the Coen brothers, Wes Anderson, David Fincher, Atom Egoyan, Darren Aronofsky, Park Chan-wook, Abel Ferrara, and Wes Craven.\nBorn in Paris to Polish parents, he moved with his family back to Poland in 1937, shortly before the outbreak of World War II. He survived the Holocaust and was educated in Poland and became a director of both art house and commercial films. Polanski's first feature-length film, Knife in the Water, made in Poland, was nominated for a United States Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film but was beaten by Federico Fellini's 8½. He has since received five more Oscar nominations, along with two Baftas, four Césars, a Golden Globe Award and the Palme d'Or of the Cannes Film Festival in France. In the United Kingdom he directed three films, beginning with Repulsion. In 1968 he moved to the United States, and cemented his status by directing the horror film Rosemary's Baby for which Ruth Gordon won an Academy Award as Best Supporting Actress.
/m/0322c5	Subiaco is an inner western suburb of Perth, Western Australia, north-west of Kings Park. Its local government area is the City of Subiaco.
/m/0mn6	An architect is a person trained and licensed to plan, design, and oversee the construction of buildings. To practice architecture means to provide services in connection with the design and construction of buildings and the space within the site surrounding the buildings, that have as their principal purpose human occupancy or use. Etymologically, architect derives from the Latin architectus, which derives from the Greek arkhitekton, i.e., chief builder.\nProfessionally, an architect's decisions affect public safety, and thus an architect must undergo specialized training consisting of advanced education and a practicum for practical experience to earn a license to practice architecture. Practical, technical, and academic requirements for becoming an architect vary by jurisdiction.\nThe terms architect and architecture are also used in the disciplines of landscape architecture, naval architecture and often information technology. In most jurisdictions, the professional and commercial uses of the terms \"architect\" and \"landscape architect\" are legally protected.
/m/080lkt7	Howl is a 2010 American experimental film which explores both the Six Gallery debut and the 1957 obscenity trial of 20th-century American poet Allen Ginsberg's noted poem Howl. The film is written and directed by Rob Epstein and Jeffrey Friedman and stars James Franco as Ginsberg.
/m/04180vy	When in Rome is a 2010 American romantic comedy film directed by Mark Steven Johnson, co-written by Johnson, David Diamond and David Weissman. It stars Kristen Bell and Josh Duhamel. It was released by Touchstone Pictures in the United States on January 29, 2010.
/m/019m9h	Fluminense Football Club, commonly known as Fluminense, is a Brazilian professional football club based in Laranjeiras, a neighborhood in Rio de Janeiro. It plays in the Campeonato Carioca, the State of Rio de Janeiro's premier state league.\nThe club was founded on July 21, 1902 by the sons of Carioca aristocrats, being led by Oscar Cox, a Brazilian sportsman, in the bairro of Flamengo, a direct contrast between the aristocratic founders and the modest ground it was founded on. Cox was elected as the club's first president.\nFluminense is a demonym for people who reside in the State of Rio de Janeiro. Although football is the club's original endeavor, the club is today an umbrella organization for several teams in more than 16 different sport activities.\nFluminense's home kit is maroon-and-green vertical striped shirts, with white shorts, accompanied by white socks; this combination has been used since 1920. Adidas are the kit manufacturers.\nFluminense play their home games at the Estádio Jornalista Mário Filho, better known as the Maracanã, which currently holds up to 78,838 spectators.\nFluminense holds many long-standing rivalries, most notably against Botafogo, Flamengo, and Vasco da Gama. It has contributed the fifth-most players to Brazil's national football team.
/m/0chghy	Australia, officially the Commonwealth of Australia, is a country comprising the mainland of the Australian continent, the island of Tasmania, and numerous smaller islands. It is the world's sixth-largest country by total area. Neighbouring countries include Indonesia, East Timor and Papua New Guinea to the north; the Solomon Islands, Vanuatu and New Caledonia to the north-east; and New Zealand to the south-east.\nFor at least 40,000 years before the first British settlement in the late 18th century, Australia was inhabited by indigenous Australians, who spoke languages grouped into roughly 250 language groups. After the discovery of the continent by Dutch explorers in 1606, Australia's eastern half was claimed by Great Britain in 1770 and initially settled through penal transportation to the colony of New South Wales from 26 January 1788. The population grew steadily in subsequent decades; the continent was explored and an additional five self-governing Crown Colonies were established.\nOn 1 January 1901, the six colonies federated, forming the Commonwealth of Australia. Since Federation, Australia has maintained a stable liberal democratic political system that functions as a federal parliamentary democracy and constitutional monarchy. The federation comprises six states and several territories. The population of 23.1 million is highly urbanised and heavily concentrated in the eastern states.
/m/0k9ctht	RKO Pictures is an American film production and distribution company. As RKO Radio Pictures Inc., it was one of the Big Five studios of Hollywood's Golden Age. The business was formed after the Keith-Albee-Orpheum theater chains and Joseph P. Kennedy's Film Booking Offices of America studio were brought together under the control of the Radio Corporation of America in October 1928. RCA chief David Sarnoff engineered the merger to create a market for the company's sound-on-film technology, RCA Photophone. By the mid-1940s, the studio was under the control of investor Floyd Odlum.\nRKO has long been celebrated for its series of musicals starring Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers in the mid-to-late 1930s. Actors Katharine Hepburn and, later, Robert Mitchum had their first major successes at the studio. Cary Grant was a mainstay for years. The work of producer Val Lewton's low-budget horror unit and RKO's many ventures into the field now known as film noir have been acclaimed, largely after the fact, by film critics and historians. The studio produced two of the most famous films in motion picture history: King Kong and Citizen Kane.\nMaverick industrialist Howard Hughes took over RKO in 1948. After years of decline under his control, the studio was acquired by the General Tire and Rubber Company in 1955. The original RKO Pictures ceased production in 1957 and was effectively dissolved two years later. In 1981, broadcaster RKO General, the corporate heir, revived it as a production subsidiary, RKO Pictures Inc. In 1989, this business with its few remaining assets, the trademarks and remake rights to many classic RKO films, was sold to new owners, who now operate the small independent company RKO Pictures LLC.
/m/02dqdp	The Stanford University School of Humanities and Sciences is the heart of the undergraduate program and grants the majority of Stanford University's degrees. The School has 27 departments and 20 interdisciplinary degree-granting programs. The School was officially created in 1948, from the merger of the Schools of Biological Sciences, Humanities, Physical Sciences and Social Sciences. These schools date from the mid-1920s when the university first organized individual departments into schools.
/m/04fhps	The 39th Canadian Parliament was in session from April 3, 2006 until September 7, 2008. The membership was set by the 2006 federal election on January 23, 2006, and it has changed only somewhat due to resignations and by-elections. The Parliament was dissolved on September 7, 2008, with an election to determine the membership of the 40th Parliament occurring on October 14, 2008.\nThere were two sessions of the 39th Parliament:
/m/07tj4c	Emma is a 1996 period film based on the novel of the same name by Jane Austen. Directed by Douglas McGrath, the film stars Gwyneth Paltrow, Alan Cumming, Toni Collette, Ewan McGregor, and Jeremy Northam.
/m/03zj9	Ithaca College is a private college located on the South Hill of Ithaca, New York, United States. The school was founded by William Egbert in 1892 as a conservatory of music. The college has a strong liberal arts core, but also offers several pre-professional programs and some graduate programs. The college is also known internationally for its communications program, the Roy H. Park School of Communications, which was most recently ranked as a top school for both journalism and film. The college is set against the backdrop of Cayuga Lake, the city of Ithaca, and several waterfalls and gorges. The college is perhaps best known for its large list of alumni who play or have played substantial roles in the world of broadcasting. The college has been ranked among the top ten master's universities in the North by U.S. News & World Report every year since 1996. For the 2010 rankings, the college was ranked 7 in this category.
/m/09jp3	Montevideo is the capital and largest city of Uruguay. According to the 2011 census, the city proper has a population of 1,319,108 in an area of 194.0 square kilometres. The southernmost cosmopolitan city in the Americas, is situated in the southern coast of the country, on the northeastern bank of the River Plate.\nThe city was established in 1724 by a Spanish soldier, as a strategic move amidst the Spanish-Portuguese dispute over the platine region; and it was also under brief British rule in 1807. In the 21st century, Montevideo hosted all of the matches during the first FIFA World Cup in 1930, and was the theater of the first major naval battle in the Second World War. Montevideo is the seat of the administrative headquarters of Mercosur, South America’s leading trading bloc, as well as ALADI.\nMercer has ranked Montevideo the top Latin American city since 2006 onwards on its quality of life rankings. It is classified as a Beta World City, ranking seventh in Latin America and 73rd in the world.\nDescribed as a \"vibrant, eclectic place with a rich cultural life\", and \"a thriving tech center and entrepreneurial culture\", Montevideo is the hub of commerce and higher education in Uruguay as well as its chief port. The city is also the financial and cultural hub of a larger metropolitan area, with a population of 1.9 million.
/m/0_816	Bugsy is a 1991 American crime-drama film directed by Barry Levinson which tells the story of mobster Bugsy Siegel. It stars Warren Beatty, Annette Bening, Harvey Keitel, Ben Kingsley, Elliott Gould, Joe Mantegna, Bebe Neuwirth, and Bill Graham.\nThe screenplay was written by James Toback from research material by Dean Jennings' 1967 book We Only Kill Each Other.\nThere is a Director's Cut released on DVD, containing an additional 13 minutes not seen in the theatrical version.
/m/04vh83	Richard III is a 1955 British film adaptation of William Shakespeare's historical play of the same name, also incorporating elements from his Henry VI, Part 3. It was directed and produced by Laurence Olivier, who also played the lead role. The cast includes many noted Shakespearean actors, including a quartet of acting knights. The film depicts Richard plotting and conspiring to grasp the throne from his brother King Edward IV, played by Sir Cedric Hardwicke. In the process, many are killed and betrayed, with Richard's evil leading to his own downfall. The prologue of the film states that history without its legends would be \"a dry matter indeed\", implicitly admitting to the artistic licence that Shakespeare applied to the events of the time.\nOf the three Shakespearean films directed by Olivier, Richard III received the least critical praise at the time, although it was still acclaimed. It was the only one not to be nominated for Best Picture at the Academy Awards, though Olivier's acting performance was nominated. The film gained popularity through a US re-release in 1966, which broke box office records in many cities. Many critics now consider Olivier's Richard III his best screen adaptation of Shakespeare. The British Film Institute has pointed out that, given the enormous TV audiences it received when shown in the USA in 1955, the film \"may have done more to popularize Shakespeare than any other single work\".
/m/0yx1m	Broadcast News is a 1987 romantic comedy-drama film written, produced and directed by James L. Brooks. The film concerns a virtuoso television news producer, who has daily emotional breakdowns, a brilliant yet prickly reporter and his charismatic but far less seasoned rival. It also stars Robert Prosky, Lois Chiles, Joan Cusack, and Jack Nicholson as the evening news anchor.
/m/098cpg	Festival Records was an Australian music recording and publishing company which was founded in Sydney in 1952 and operated until 2005. Festival was a wholly owned subsidiary of News Limited from 1961 to 2005, and the company was very successful for most of its fifty-year life, despite the fact that as much as 90% of its annual profit was regularly siphoned off by Rupert Murdoch to subsidise his other media ventures.
/m/07lx1s	Suffolk University Law School is one of the professional graduate schools of Suffolk University. Suffolk University Law School is a private, non-sectarian law school located in downtown Boston, Massachusetts. Suffolk University Law School was founded in 1906 by Gleason Archer, Sr. to provide a legal education for those who traditionally lacked the opportunity to study law because of socio-economic or racial discrimination. Suffolk is the fourth-oldest New England law school in continuous existence.\nThe law school currently has both day and evening, part-time divisions. Suffolk University Law School has been accredited by the American Bar Association since 1953 and the Association of American Law Schools since 1977. The school is located in Sargent Hall on Tremont Street in downtown Boston. Suffolk offers over 200 upper-level electives, the most of any law school in the country, and is consistently ranked one of the most technologically advanced schools in the nation. Suffolk publishes six law reviews, to which students, faculty, and other scholars contribute. Suffolk has attracted notable scholars and prominent speakers including, but not limited to, John F. Kennedy, William Rehnquist, Antonin Scalia, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, and Noam Chomsky. Suffolk University Law School alumni are found in high-level judicial, political, and private positions throughout the United States. With over 25,000 alumni, Suffolk is the fourth largest law school in the United States.
/m/0m241	Apache County is located in the northeast corner of the U.S. state of Arizona. As of the 2010 census its population was 71,518. The county seat is St. Johns.
/m/0bq3x	A serial killer is traditionally defined as a person who has murdered three or more people over a period of more than a month, with down time between the murders. The motivation for killing is usually based on psychological gratification. Some sources, such as the FBI, disregard the \"three or more\" criteria and define the term as \"a series of two or more murders, committed as separate events, usually, but not always, by one offender acting alone\" or, including the vital characteristics, a minimum of two murders. Most of the killings involve sexual contact with the victim, but the FBI states that motives for serial murder include \"anger, thrill, financial gain, and attention seeking\". The murders may have been attempted or completed in a similar fashion and the victims may have had something in common; for example, occupation, race, appearance, sex, or age group.\nSerial killing is not the same as mass murdering, nor is it spree killing, in which murders are committed in two or more locations with virtually no break in between; however, cases of extended bouts of sequential killings over periods of weeks or months with no apparent \"cooling off\" period or \"return to normalcy\" have caused some serial killer experts to suggest a hybrid category of \"spree-serial killer\".
/m/0j_c	Sir Alfred Joseph Hitchcock, KBE was an English film director and producer. He pioneered many techniques in the suspense and psychological thriller genres. After a successful career in British cinema in both silent films and early talkies, renowned as England's best director, Hitchcock moved to Hollywood in 1939 and became a US citizen in 1955.\nOver a career spanning more than half a century, Hitchcock fashioned for himself a distinctive and recognisable directorial style. He pioneered the use of a camera made to move in a way that mimics a person's gaze, forcing viewers to engage in a form of voyeurism. He framed shots to maximise anxiety, fear, or empathy, and used innovative film editing. His stories often feature fugitives on the run from the law alongside \"icy blonde\" female characters. Many of Hitchcock's films have twist endings and thrilling plots featuring depictions of violence, murder, and crime. Many of the mysteries, however, are used as decoys or \"MacGuffins\" that serve the film's themes and the psychological examinations of the characters. Hitchcock's films also borrow many themes from psychoanalysis and feature strong sexual overtones. Through his cameo appearances in his own films, interviews, film trailers, and the television program Alfred Hitchcock Presents, he became a cultural icon.
/m/027bs_2	John Ortiz is an American actor and artistic director/co-founder of LAByrinth Theater Company.
/m/029h45	Dorothy Fields was an American librettist and lyricist.\nShe wrote over 400 songs for Broadway musicals and films. Along with Ann Ronell, Dana Suesse, Bernice Petkere, and Kay Swift, she was one of the first successful Tin Pan Alley and Hollywood female songwriters.
/m/018ty9	Russell Albion \"Russ\" Meyer was an American film director, producer, screenwriter, cinematographer, film editor, actor and photographer. Meyer is known primarily for writing and directing a series of successful low-budget sexploitation films that featured campy humor, sly satire and large-breasted women, such as Faster, Pussycat! Kill! Kill!.
/m/05gqy	Nanjing is the capital of Jiangsu province in eastern China and has a prominent place in Chinese history and culture, having been the capital of China on several occasions. Its present name means \"Southern Capital\" and was widely romanized as Nankin and Nanking until the pinyin language reform, after which Nanjing was gradually adopted as the standard spelling of the city's name in most languages that use the Roman alphabet.\nLocated in the lower Yangtze River drainage basin and Yangtze River Delta economic zone, Nanjing has long been one of China's most important cities. It is recognized as one of the Four Great Ancient Capitals of China. It was the capital of Wu during the Three Kingdoms Period and the capital of the Republic of China prior to its flight to Taiwan during the Chinese Civil War. Nanjing is also one of the fifteen sub-provincial cities in the People's Republic of China's administrative structure, enjoying jurisdictional and economic autonomy only slightly less than that of a province. Nanjing has long been a national centre of education, research, transport networks and tourism. The city will host the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics.
/m/0f83g2	Hapoel Be'er Sheva Football Club is an Israeli football club based in Beersheba. The club is currently in the Israeli Premier League and plays home matches at the Vasermil Stadium.
/m/019fz	Benjamin Franklin (1706  1790) was an inventor, publisher. scientist, and statesman, who is known as one of the Founding Fathers of the United States of America. He was a major figure in the Enlightenment, known as a printer, satirist, political theorist, civic activist, and a diplomat, famous for his theories of electricity. He founded the first public lending library in America and first fire department in Pennsylvania.
/m/01jt2w	Temple University is a comprehensive public research university in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States. The University was founded in 1884 by Dr. Russell Conwell. Currently, more than 38,000 undergraduate, graduate, and professional students are enrolled in over 300 academic degree programs offered at seven campuses and sites in Pennsylvania, and international campuses in Rome, Tokyo, Singapore and London. Temple is among its nation's largest providers of professional education, preparing the largest body of professional practitioners in Pennsylvania.
/m/06q07	Sony Corporation, commonly referred to as Sony, is a Japanese multinational conglomerate corporation headquartered in Kōnan Minato, Tokyo, Japan. Its diversified business is primarily focused on the electronics, game, entertainment and financial services sectors. The company is one of the leading manufacturers of electronic products for the consumer and professional markets. Sony is ranked 87th on the 2012 list of Fortune Global 500.\nSony Corporation is the electronics business unit and the parent company of the Sony Group, which is engaged in business through its four operating segments – Electronics, Motion pictures, Music and Financial Services. These make Sony one of the most comprehensive entertainment companies in the world. Sony's principal business operations include Sony Corporation, Sony Pictures Entertainment, Sony Computer Entertainment, Sony Music Entertainment, Sony Mobile Communications, and Sony Financial. Sony is among the Worldwide Top 20 Semiconductor Sales Leaders and third-largest television manufacturer in the world, after Samsung Electronics and LG Electronics.
/m/0c2dl	Edward Franklin Albee III is an American playwright who is known for works such as The Zoo Story, The Sandbox, Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?, and a rewrite of the book for the unsuccessful musical Breakfast at Tiffany's, an adaptation of Truman Capote's 1966 book of the same name. His works are considered well-crafted, often unsympathetic examinations of the modern condition. His early works reflect a mastery and Americanization of the Theatre of the Absurd that found its peak in works by European playwrights such as Samuel Beckett, Eugène Ionesco, and Jean Genet. Younger American playwrights, such as Paula Vogel, credit Albee's daring mix of theatricality and biting dialogue with helping to reinvent the post-war American theatre in the early 1960s. Albee continues to experiment in works such as The Goat, or Who Is Sylvia?.
/m/027l4q	Pacific Palisades is an affluent neighborhood and district in the Westside of the city of Los Angeles, California, located among Brentwood to the east, Malibu and Topanga to the west, Santa Monica to the southeast, the Santa Monica Bay to the southwest, and the Santa Monica Mountains to the north. The area currently has about 27,000 residents. It is primarily a residential area, with a mixture of large private homes, small houses, condominiums, and apartments. Every Fourth of July, the community's Chamber of Commerce sponsors day-long events which include 5K and 10K runs, a parade down Sunset Boulevard, and a fireworks display at Palisades High School football field. The district also includes some large parklands and many hiking trails.
/m/0fw3f	Cheyenne is the capital and most populous city of the US state of Wyoming and the county seat of Laramie County. It is the principal city of the Cheyenne, Wyoming, Metropolitan Statistical Area which encompasses all of Laramie County. The population was 59,466 at the 2010 census. Cheyenne is the northern terminus of the extensive and fast-growing Front Range Urban Corridor that stretches from Cheyenne to Pueblo, Colorado, and has a population of 5,467,633 according to the 2010 United States Census. Cheyenne is situated on Crow Creek and Dry Creek. The Cheyenne, Wyoming Metropolitan Area had a 2010 population of 91,738, making it the 354th most populous metropolitan area in the United States.
/m/06b_j	Russian is a Slavic language spoken primarily in the Russian Federation, Belarus, Kazakhstan, and Kyrgyzstan. It is an unofficial but widely spoken language in Ukraine, Moldova, Latvia, Lithuania, Estonia, and to a lesser extent, the other countries that were once constituent republics of the Soviet Union and former participants of the Eastern Bloc. Russian belongs to the family of Indo-European languages and is one of the three living members of the East Slavic languages. Written examples of Old East Slavonic are attested from the 10th century onwards.\nIt is the most geographically widespread language of Eurasia and the most widely spoken of the Slavic languages. It is also the largest native language in Europe, with 144 million native speakers in Russia, Ukraine and Belarus. Russian is the 8th most spoken language in the world by number of native speakers and the 5th by total number of speakers. The language is one of the six official languages of the United Nations.\nRussian distinguishes between consonant phonemes with palatal secondary articulation and those without, the so-called soft and hard sounds. This distinction is found between pairs of almost all consonants and is one of the most distinguishing features of the language. Another important aspect is the reduction of unstressed vowels. Stress, which is unpredictable, is not normally indicated orthographically though an optional acute accent may be used to mark stress.
/m/01yk13	John Arthur Lithgow is an American actor, musician, and author. Lithgow has been involved with a wide range of media projects, including stage, television, film, and radio. He also has written and published several books of poetry and children's literature. He appeared in the films The World According to Garp and Terms of Endearment, receiving an Academy Award nomination for Best Actor in a Supporting Role for each.\nLithgow is well known for his roles as the Reverend Shaw Moore in Footloose, Dick Solomon on the NBC sitcom 3rd Rock from the Sun, the voice of Lord Farquaad in Shrek, and Arthur Mitchell on Showtime's Dexter, for which he won Golden Globe and Emmy awards. On the stage, he appeared in the musical adaptation of Sweet Smell of Success, winning the Tony Award for Best Leading Actor in a Musical. He again appeared in a musical, Dirty Rotten Scoundrels, again receiving a Tony nomination for Best Leading Actor in a Musical. He has also recorded music, such as the 1999 album of children's music, Singin' in the Bathtub, and has written poetry and short stories for children, such as Marsupial Sue.
/m/05gqf	Nagasaki is the capital and the largest city of Nagasaki Prefecture on the island of Kyushu in Japan. Nagasaki was founded by the Portuguese in the second half of the 16th century on the site of a small fishing village, formerly part of Nishisonogi District. It became a center of Portuguese and other European peoples' influence in the 16th through 19th centuries, and the Churches and Christian Sites in Nagasaki have been proposed for inscription on the UNESCO World Heritage List. Part of Nagasaki was home to a major Imperial Japanese Navy base during the First Sino-Japanese War and Russo-Japanese War. Its name means \"long cape\".\nDuring World War II, the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki made Nagasaki the second and, to date, last city in the world to experience a nuclear attack.\nAs of January 1, 2009, the city has an estimated population of 446,007 and a population density of 1,100 persons per km². The total area is 406.35 km².
/m/019mlh	Shipbuilding is the construction of ships and floating vessels. It normally takes place in a specialized facility known as a shipyard. Shipbuilders, also called shipwrights, follow a specialized occupation that traces its roots to before recorded history.\nShipbuilding and ship repairs, both commercial and military, are referred to as \"naval engineering\". The construction of boats is a similar activity called boat building.\nThe dismantling of ships is called ship breaking.
/m/0l8v5	Neve Adrianne Campbell is a Canadian actress. She became known in the 1990s for her teenage roles as Julia Salinger in the drama series Party of Five, and as Sidney Prescott in the horror film series Scream.\nShe has also starred in films such as The Craft and Wild Things, and later several films that received a limited theatrical release, such as Panic, and The Company.
/m/03j0dp	Neo-noir is a style often seen in modern motion pictures and other forms that prominently utilize elements of film noir, but with updated themes, content, style, visual elements or media that were absent in films noir of the 1940s and 1950s.
/m/0j582	Kirk Douglas is an American film and stage actor, film producer and author. His popular films include Out of the Past, Champion, Ace in the Hole, The Bad and the Beautiful, 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea, Lust for Life, Paths of Glory, Gunfight at the O.K. Corral, The Vikings, Spartacus, Lonely Are the Brave, Seven Days in May, The Heroes of Telemark, Saturn 3 and Tough Guys.\nHe is No. 17 on the American Film Institute's list of the greatest male screen legends in American film history, making him the highest-ranked living person on the list. In 1996, he received the Academy Honorary Award \"for 50 years as a creative and moral force in the motion picture community\". A social activist, Douglas played an instrumental role in ending the Hollywood blacklist in 1960 by openly crediting Dalton Trumbo as the writer of Spartacus' screenplay.
/m/09kvv	The Johns Hopkins University is a not-for-profit private research university in Baltimore, Maryland, United States. The University was founded on January 22, 1876, and named for its benefactor, the philanthropist Johns Hopkins. Daniel Coit Gilman was inaugurated as the first president on February 22, 1876.\nThe institution pioneered the concept of the modern research university in the United States and has ranked among the world's top such universities throughout its history. The National Science Foundation has ranked Johns Hopkins #1 among U.S. academic institutions in total science, medical and engineering research and development spending for 31 consecutive years. As of 2011, thirty-seven Nobel Prize winners have been affiliated with Johns Hopkins in a span of just 135 years, and the university's research is among the most cited of any institution globally, making it one of the most prestigious universities in the world.\nJohns Hopkins maintains campuses in Maryland; Washington, D.C.; Bologna; Malaysia; China and Singapore. The university is organized into two undergraduate divisions and five graduate divisions on two main campuses—the Homewood campus and the Medical Institutions campus—both located in Baltimore. The university also consists of the Paul H. Nitze School of Advanced International Studies, the Peabody Institute, the Carey Business School, and various other facilities.
/m/013n0n	Corpus Christi is a coastal city in the South Texas region of the U.S. state of Texas. The county seat of Nueces County, it also extends into Aransas, Kleberg, and San Patricio counties. The metropolitan area population in 2012 was 469,134. The population was 312,195 at the 2012 US Census estimate, making it the eighth most populous city in the state of Texas. It is the principal city of the tri-county Corpus Christi metropolitan area, as well as the larger Corpus Christi-Kingsville Combined Statistical Area. The translation from Latin of the city's name means Body of Christ. The name was given to the settlement and surrounding bay by Spanish explorer Alonso Álvarez de Pineda in 1519, when he discovered the lush semi-tropical bay on the feast day celebrating the \"Body of Christ.\" The city has the nicknames \"Texas Riviera\" and \"Sparkling City by the Sea\", particularly in literature promoting tourism.\nThe city is home to the Port of Corpus Christi, the 5th largest port in the nation, and is served by the Corpus Christi International Airport.
/m/025t7ly	Quakers are members of a family of religious movements collectively known as the Religious Society of Friends. The central unifying doctrine of these movements is the priesthood of all believers, a doctrine derived from a verse in the New Testament, 1 Peter 2:9. Most Friends view themselves as members of a Christian denomination. They include those with evangelical, holiness, liberal, and traditional conservative Quaker understandings of Christianity.\nToday, around 89% of Friends worldwide practice programmed worship—that is, worship with singing and a prepared message from the Bible, often coordinated by a pastor. Around 11% of Friends practice waiting worship —that is worship where the order of service is not planned in advance, which is predominantly silent, and which may include unprepared vocal ministry from anyone present, so long as it is credible to those assembled that the speaker is moved to speak by God. Some meetings of both styles have Recorded Ministers in their meetings— these are Friends who have been recognised for their gift of vocal ministry.\nThe first Quakers, known as the Valiant Sixty, lived in mid-17th century England. The movement arose from the Legatine-Arians and other dissenting Protestant groups, breaking away from the established Church of England. These Quakers attempted to convert others to their understanding of Christianity, traveling both throughout Great Britain and overseas, preaching the gospel of Jesus Christ. Some of the early Quaker ministers were women. They based their message on the religious belief that \"Christ has come to teach his people himself,\" stressing the importance of a direct relationship with God through Jesus Christ, and a direct religious belief in the universal priesthood of all believers. They emphasized a personal and direct religious experience of Christ, acquired through both direct religious experience and the reading and studying of the Bible. Quakers focused their private life on developing behavior and speech reflecting emotional purity and the light of God.
/m/01nvdc	The Major League Baseball All-Star Game, also known as the \"Midsummer Classic\", is an annual baseball game between players from the National League and the American League, currently selected by fans for starting fielders, managers for pitchers, and managers and players for reserves. The game usually occurs on either the second or third Tuesday in July and marks the symbolic halfway point in the Major League Baseball season. The league goes into an All-Star break, with no regular-season games scheduled on the day before or the day after. From 1959 to 1962, two all-star games were held each season, but this format was abandoned.
/m/026s90	PolyGram was the name of the major label recording company started by Philips as a holding company for its music interests in 1945. In 1999 it was sold to Seagram and merged with the MCA family of labels to form Universal Music Group.
/m/02bc74	Joshua Winslow \"Josh\" Groban is an American singer, songwriter, musician, actor, and record producer. His first four solo albums have been certified multi-platinum, and in 2007, he was charted as the number-one best selling artist in the United States with over 21 million records in the nation. To date, he has sold over 25 million records worldwide.\nGroban originally studied acting, but moved to singing as his voice developed. Groban attended the Los Angeles County High School for the Arts, a free public school on the campus of California State University, Los Angeles, where students receive a conservatory-style education. His life changed when his vocal coach, Seth Riggs, submitted a tape of Josh singing, \"All I Ask of You,\" from The Phantom of the Opera, to Riggs' friend, producer, composer and arranger David Foster. Foster called him to stand in for an ailing Andrea Bocelli to rehearse a duet, \"The Prayer,\" with Celine Dion at the rehearsal for the Grammy Awards in 1998. Rosie O'Donnell immediately invited him to appear on her talk show. Foster asked him to sing at the California Governor's Gray Davis' 1999 inauguration. He was cast on Ally McBeal by the show's creator, David E. Kelley, performing \"You're Still You\" for the 2001 season finale.
/m/0451j	Li Lianjie, better known by his English stage name Jet Li, is a Chinese film actor, film producer, martial artist, and wushu champion who was born in Beijing. He is a naturalized Singaporean citizen.\nAfter three years of intensive training with Wu Bin, Li won his first national championship for the Beijing Wushu Team. After retiring from Wushu at age 19, he went on to win great acclaim in China as an actor making his debut with the film Shaolin Temple. He went on to star in many critically acclaimed martial arts epic films, most notably the Once Upon A Time In China series, in which he portrayed folk hero Wong Fei-hung.\nLi's first role in a Hollywood film was as a villain in Lethal Weapon 4, and his first leading role in a Hollywood film was as Han Sing in Romeo Must Die. He has gone on to star in many Hollywood action films, including Kiss of the Dragon and Unleashed. He co-starred in The Forbidden Kingdom with Jackie Chan, The Expendables with Sylvester Stallone, and as the title character villain in The Mummy: Tomb Of The Dragon Emperor opposite Brendan Fraser.
/m/0k6bt	Leuven is the capital of the province of Flemish Brabant in the Flemish Region, Belgium. It is located about 25 kilometres east of Brussels, close to other neighbouring towns such as Mechelen, Aarschot, Tienen, and Wavre. The township itself comprises the historical city of Leuven and the former municipalities of Heverlee, Kessel-Lo, a part of Korbeek-Lo, Wilsele and Wijgmaal.\nIt is home to Anheuser-Busch InBev, the world's largest brewer group and one of the top-five largest consumer-goods companies in the world; and to the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven, the largest and oldest university of the Low Countries and the oldest Catholic university still in existence. It is also home to the UZ Leuven, one of the largest hospitals of Europe.
/m/02r7lqg	The Rockford IceHogs are a professional ice hockey team that plays in the American Hockey League. They began play during the 2007–08 AHL season at the BMO Harris Bank Center in Rockford, Illinois, USA. They are the top affiliate of the Chicago Blackhawks of the NHL.
/m/047c9l	Kristin Dawn Chenoweth is an American singer and actress, with credits in musical theatre, film and television. In 1999, she won a Tony Award for her performance as Sally Brown in You're a Good Man, Charlie Brown on Broadway, and in 2003, she received wide notice for originating the role of Glinda in the musical Wicked. Her television roles have included Annabeth Schott in NBC's The West Wing and Olive Snook on the ABC comedy-drama Pushing Daisies, for which she won a 2009 Emmy Award. Chenoweth also starred in the ABC TV series GCB in 2012.\nAn Oklahoma native, Chenoweth sang gospel music as a child and studied opera before deciding to pursue a career in musical theatre. In 1997, she made her Broadway debut in Steel Pier. Besides You're a Good Man, Charlie Brown and Wicked, Chenoweth's stage work includes five City Center Encores! productions, Broadway's The Apple Tree in 2006 and Promises, Promises in 2010, as well as Off-Broadway and regional theatre productions.\nChenoweth had her own TV series Kristin in 2001, and has guest starred on many shows, including Sesame Street and Glee, for which she was nominated for Emmy awards in 2010 and 2011. In films, she has played mostly character roles, such as in Bewitched, The Pink Panther and RV. She has played roles in made-for-TV movies, done voice work in animated films and the animated TV series Sit Down, Shut Up, hosted several award shows and released several albums of songs, including A Lovely Way to Spend Christmas and Some Lessons Learned. Chenoweth also penned a 2009 memoir, A Little Bit Wicked: Life, Love, and Faith in Stages.
/m/04n36qk	The 2009 Major League Baseball season began on Sunday, April 5, 2009 with the Atlanta Braves defeating the 2008 World Series champion Philadelphia Phillies 4–1. The regular season ended on October 6, extended two days for a one-game playoff between the Detroit Tigers and the Minnesota Twins to decide the American League Central Division champion. The postseason began the next day with the Division Series. The 2009 World Series began on October 28, and ended on November 4, with the New York Yankees defeating the Philadelphia Phillies in six games; and for the ninth year in a row, the defending World Series champion failed to repeat the previous year's run. This was the second time the season was completed in November. The only other occasion was the 2001 World Series, that because of the delaying of the end of that season because of the September 11 attacks as November baseball would be guaranteed when Game 4 was played on Sunday, November 1. The American League champion had home field advantage for the World Series by virtue of winning the All-Star Game on July 14 at Busch Stadium in St. Louis, Missouri, 4–3. In addition, the annual Civil Rights Game became a regular season game, and was played June 20 at Great American Ball Park in Cincinnati, Ohio when the host Cincinnati Reds lost to the Chicago White Sox in an interleague game, 10–8. Both teams wore replicas of their 1965 uniforms in the contest.
/m/03m79j_	The Latin Grammy Award for Best Short Form Music Video is an honor presented annually at the Latin Grammy Awards, a ceremony that recognizes excellence and creates a wider awareness of cultural diversity and contributions of Latin recording artists in the United States and internationally. The award has been given since the 1st Latin Grammy Awards in 2000 to artists, directors and producers of an individual promotional music video released for the first time during the award eligibility year.\n\"No Me Dejes de Querer\", performed by Gloria Estefan and directed by Emilio Estefan, was the first music video to be awarded. They were followed by Ricky Martin for the video \"She Bangs\". Shakira's \"Suerte\" was also awarded, and the recipient of the first Video of the Year award at the MTV Video Music Awards Latinoamérica. The English-language version of the video received four nominations at the MTV Video Music Awards of 2002. The music video for the bilingual track \"Frijolero\" by Mexican band Molotov, that employs animation software previously developed by the directors Jason Archer and Paul Beck for the American film Waking Life, received the award in 2003.\nPuerto-Rican band Calle 13 holds the record for the most wins as a performer in this category with three, \"Atrévete-te-te\", \"La Perla\" and \"Calma Pueblo\". Colombian singer-songwriter Juanes has been awarded twice for the music videos for \"Volverte a Ver\" and \"Me Enamora\". Gabriel Coss holds the record for the most wins as a director, with a total of two. Guatemalan singer Ricardo Arjona holds the record for the most nominations as a performer without a win, with three.
/m/035kl6	Thomas Roy \"Tom\" Skerritt is an American actor who has appeared in more than forty films and more than two hundred television episodes since 1962. He is best known for his roles in MASH, Alien, Top Gun, A River Runs Through It, Up in Smoke, and the television series Picket Fences.
/m/0mjn2	The Eagles are an American rock band formed in Los Angeles in 1971 by Glenn Frey, Don Henley, Bernie Leadon, and Randy Meisner. With five number-one singles, six Grammy Awards, five American Music Awards, and six number one albums, the Eagles were one of the most successful musical acts of the 1970s. At the end of the 20th century, two of their albums, Their Greatest Hits and Hotel California, ranked among the 20 best-selling albums in the U.S. according to the Recording Industry Association of America. Hotel California is ranked 37th in Rolling Stone's list of \"The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time\", and the band was ranked number 75 on the magazine's 2004 list of the 100 Greatest Artists of All Time.\nThey are one of the world’s best-selling bands of all time, having sold over 150 million records—100 million in the U.S. alone—including 42 million copies of Their Greatest Hits and 32 million copies of Hotel California. They are the fifth-highest-selling music act and highest-selling American band in US history. No American band sold more records than the Eagles during the 1970s.\nThe Eagles released their self-titled debut album in 1972, which spawned three top 40 singles: \"Take It Easy\", \"Witchy Woman\", and \"Peaceful Easy Feeling\". Their next album, Desperado, was less successful than the first, reaching only number 41 on the charts; neither of its singles reached the top 40. However, the album contained two of the band's most popular tracks: \"Desperado\" and \"Tequila Sunrise\". They released On the Border in 1974, adding guitarist Don Felder midway through the recording of the album. The album generated two top 40 singles: \"Already Gone\" and their first number one, \"Best of My Love\".
/m/0mmrd	Grant County is a county located in the State of Washington. As of the 2010 census, the population was 89,120. The county seat is Ephrata, and the largest city is Moses Lake. The county was formed out of Douglas County on February 24, 1909 and is named for U.S. President Ulysses S. Grant.
/m/03qncl3	James G. Robinson is an American film producer. He is chairman and CEO of Morgan Creek Productions, a Los Angeles studio that he founded. His son David C. Robinson is the studio's vice president.
/m/05njw	Oracle Corporation is an American multinational computer technology corporation headquartered in Redwood City, California, United States. The company specializes in developing and marketing computer hardware systems and enterprise software products – particularly its own brands of database management systems. Oracle is the second-largest software maker by revenue, after Microsoft.\nThe company also builds tools for database development and systems of middle-tier software, enterprise resource planning software, customer relationship management software and supply chain management software.\nLarry Ellison, a co-founder of Oracle, has served as Oracle's CEO throughout its history. He also served as the Chairman of the Board until his replacement by Jeffrey O. Henley in 2004. On August 22, 2008, the Associated Press ranked Ellison as the top-paid chief executive in the world.
/m/07s8r0	Katherine Whitton \"Kathy\" Baker is an American stage, film and television actress.
/m/0bxtg	Thomas Jeffrey \"Tom\" Hanks is an American actor, producer, writer, and director. Hanks is best known for his roles in Big, A League of Their Own, Sleepless in Seattle, Forrest Gump, Apollo 13, Saving Private Ryan, You've Got Mail, The Green Mile, Cast Away, The Da Vinci Code, and Captain Phillips, as well as the animated films The Polar Express and the Toy Story series.\nHanks has earned and been nominated for numerous awards during his career, including winning a Golden Globe for Best Actor and an Academy Award for Best Actor for his role in Philadelphia and a Golden Globe, an Academy Award, a Screen Actors Guild Award, and a People's Choice Award for Best Actor for his role in Forrest Gump, and earning the Stanley Kubrick Britannia Award for Excellence in Film from the BAFTAs in 2004.\nHanks is also known for his collaboration with film director Steven Spielberg on Saving Private Ryan, Catch Me If You Can, and The Terminal, as well as the 2001 mini-series Band of Brothers, which launched Hanks also as a successful director, producer and writer. In 2010, Spielberg and Hanks were executive producers on the HBO mini-series The Pacific.
/m/042y1c	Amadeus - Directors Cut is a 1984 biography drama film written by Peter Shaffer and directed by Milos Forman.
/m/018dx9	Conceptual art, sometimes simply called Conceptualism, is art in which the concept or idea involved in the work take precedence over traditional aesthetic and material concerns. Many works of conceptual art, sometimes called installations, may be constructed by anyone simply by following a set of written instructions. This method was fundamental to American artist Sol LeWitt's definition of Conceptual art, one of the first to appear in print:\nIn conceptual art the idea or concept is the most important aspect of the work. When an artist uses a conceptual form of art, it means that all of the planning and decisions are made beforehand and the execution is a perfunctory affair. The idea becomes a machine that makes the art.\nTony Godfrey, author of Conceptual Art, asserts that conceptual art questions the nature of art, a notion that Joseph Kosuth elevated to a definition of art itself in his seminal, early manifesto of conceptual art, \"Art after Philosophy\". The notion that art should examine its own nature was already a potent aspect of the influential art critic Clement Greenberg's vision of Modern art during the 1950s. With the emergence of an exclusively language-based art in the 1960s, however, conceptual artists such as Joseph Kosuth, Lawrence Weiner and the English Art & Language group began a far more radical interrogation of art than was previously possible. One of the first and most important things they questioned was the common assumption that the role of the artist was to create special kinds of material objects.
/m/0bw7ly	James Luke Newton Walker is a football striker who currently plays for English Conference South club Eastbourne Borough.
/m/059x66	The 67th Academy Awards, honoring the best films of 1994, were held on March 27, 1995, at the Shrine Auditorium, Los Angeles, California. They were hosted by comedian and talk show host David Letterman.\nThe ceremony is perhaps best remembered for Letterman's performance as the host. Although some thought of him as different but good, most critics labeled his performance as terrible and expressed a wish for him never to host the Oscars again. This negative criticism arose from Letterman's absurdist brand of comedy, and it was followed by Late Show with David Letterman losing in the ratings to The Tonight Show with Jay Leno by the summer of 1995. Letterman seems to have a sense of humor about it, however, because around Academy Award season he frequently references his lackluster appearance at the Academy awards on his show in a humorous tone.\nForrest Gump won Best Picture, as well as an additional five Oscars, including Tom Hanks' second consecutive Academy Award for Best Actor. Hanks became only the second person in Oscar history to accomplish the feat of winning consecutive awards in the Best Actor category, the first being Spencer Tracy. Also, Jessica Lange, winner of the 1982 Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for Tootsie, won the Academy Award for Best Actress for Tony Richardson's last film, Blue Sky, joining an elite group of thespians who have won Oscars in both the supporting and lead categories. Dianne Wiest won her second Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress in a Woody Allen film, becoming the first person to win two Oscars in the same category where the films were directed by the same person.
/m/01zc2w	English Studies is an academic discipline that includes the study of literatures written in the English language, English linguistics, and English sociolinguistics.\nMore broadly, English studies explores the production and analysis of texts created in English. It is not uncommon for academic departments of \"English\" or \"English Studies\" to include scholars of the English language, literature, linguistics, law, journalism, composition studies, the philosophy of language, literacy, publishing/history of the book, communication studies, technical communication, folklore, cultural studies, creative writing, critical theory, disability studies, area studies, theater, gender studies/ethnic studies, digital media/electronic publishing, film studies/media studies, rhetoric and philology/etymology, and various courses in the liberal arts and humanities, among others.
/m/027r8p	Maura Therese Tierney is an American film and television actress, who is best known for her roles as Lisa Miller on the sitcom NewsRadio and Abby Lockhart on the television medical drama ER.
/m/01nr36	Timothy Francis \"Tim\" Robbins is an American actor, screenwriter, director, producer, activist and musician. He is known for his roles as Nuke in Bull Durham, Jacob Singer in Jacob's Ladder, Griffin Mill in The Player, Andy Dufresne in The Shawshank Redemption, and as Dave Boyle in Mystic River, for which he won an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor.
/m/0992d9	15 Minutes is a 2001 American action-crime thriller film starring Robert De Niro and Edward Burns. It is about a homicide detective and a fire marshal who team up together to stop a pair of Eastern European murderers who are videotaping their crimes with the desire to become rich and famous. The film also stars Melina Kanakaredes and Kelsey Grammer. The title is a reference to the Andy Warhol quotation, \"In the future, everyone will be world-famous for 15 minutes.\"\nThe film was shot on location in New York City in july 1999 and it was originally slated to be released in the Spring of 2000 by New Line with theatrical trailers appearing in the fall/winter 1999. For reasons unknown, the film was pulled from the Spring 2000 schedule and then delayed. The film was finally released in March of 2001. A similar situation would happen with Knockaround Guys which was slated to be released that Spring only to be yanked and delayed. That film would finally be released in late 2002.
/m/0cf_n	Augusta is the capital of the US state of Maine, county seat of Kennebec County, and center of population for Maine. The city's population was 19,136 at the 2010 census, making it the third-smallest state capital after Montpelier, Vermont and Pierre, South Dakota. Located on the Kennebec River at the head of tide, it is home to the University of Maine at Augusta.
/m/02qjb_	Yellow Red Koninklijke Voetbalclub Mechelen, is a Belgian professional football club based in Mechelen in the Antwerp province. KV Mechelen plays in the Belgian Pro League. They have won four Belgian championships and one Belgian Cup, as well as the 1987-88 European Cup Winners' Cup and the 1988 European Super Cup. They collected all of their honours in the 1940s and in the 1980s.\nKV Mechelen was founded in 1904 and, in 1921–22, promoted to the first division. After two successive relegation and promotion, they were back for good between 1928–29 and 1955–56. In the 1960s and 1970s, the club had several promotions and relegations between the first and second division. From 1983–84 to 1996–97, they had a successful first division spell, with a title and several 2nd and 3rd place finishes. During that period, they also won a European Cup Winners' Cup and they reached the same competition semi-finals as well as the European Cup quarter finals. KV Mechelen eventually declined in the late 1990s, though they had two more spells at the highest level from 1999–2000 to 2000–01 and in 2002–03. At the end of that season, the club did not receive their Belgian professional football license, and so they were relegated to the third division with a 9-point penalty. After two promotions in 2004–05 and in 2006–07, KV Mechelen has come back to the first division.
/m/01dw9z	Bette Midler, also known by her informal stage name The Divine Miss M, is an American singer-songwriter, actress, comedian, film producer and entrepreneur. In a career spanning almost half a century, Midler has been nominated for two Academy Awards, and won three Grammy Awards, four Golden Globes, three Emmy Awards, and a special Tony Award. She has sold over 30 million albums worldwide and along with that has also received 13 Gold, 8 Platinum and 4 Multiplatinum albums by RIAA.\nBorn in Honolulu, Hawaii, Midler began her professional career in several Off-Off-Broadway plays prior to her engagements in Fiddler on the Roof and Salvation on Broadway in the late 1960s. She came to prominence in 1970 when she began singing in the Continental Baths, a local gay bathhouse, where she managed to build up a core following. Since then, she has released 13 studio albums as a solo artist. Throughout her career, many of her songs became hits on the record charts, including \"The Rose\" and \"Wind Beneath My Wings\" as well as her renditions of \"Do You Wanna Dance?\", \"Boogie Woogie Bugle Boy\", and \"From a Distance\". In 2008, she signed a contract with Caesars Palace in Las Vegas to perform a series of shows titled Bette Midler: The Showgirl Must Go On, which ended in January 2010.
/m/0mmr1	Grays Harbor County is a county in the state of Washington. As of the 2010 census, the population was 72,797. The county seat is Montesano, and its largest city is Aberdeen. The county is named after a large estuarine bay near its southwestern corner. On May 7, 1792, Boston fur trader Robert Gray crossed the bar into the bay he called Bullfinch Harbor, but which later cartographers would label Chehalis Bay, and then Grays Harbor.\nGrays Harbor County was formed out of Thurston County on April 14, 1854. Originally named Chehalis County, it took its present name in 1915.
/m/0n474	Guilford County is a county located in the State of North Carolina. As of the 2010 census, the population was 488,406. Its seat is Greensboro. Since 1938, an additional county court has been located in High Point, North Carolina, making Guilford one of only a handful of counties nationwide with a dual court system. The county is part of the Piedmont Triad metropolitan area.
/m/03b1sb	The Grifters is a 1990 neo-noir film directed by Stephen Frears, produced by Martin Scorsese, and stars John Cusack, Anjelica Huston and Annette Bening. The screenplay was written by Donald E. Westlake, based on Jim Thompson's pulp novel of the same name.
/m/070j61	Michael Patrick King is an American director, writer and producer for television shows.
/m/0g68zt	Equus is a 1977 British-American drama film directed by Sidney Lumet and starring Richard Burton. Peter Shaffer wrote the screenplay based on his play Equus. The film also featured Peter Firth, Colin Blakely, Joan Plowright, Eileen Atkins, and Jenny Agutter.
/m/01lk02	Mobile Suit Gundam SEED is an anime series developed by Sunrise and directed by Mitsuo Fukuda. As with other series from the Gundam franchise, Gundam SEED takes place in a parallel timeline, in this case the Cosmic Era, the first to do so. In this era, mankind has developed into two subspecies: Naturals, who reside on Earth and Coordinators, genetically-enhanced humans capable of withstanding the rigors of space who inhabit orbital colonies. The story revolves around a young Coordinator Kira Yamato who becomes involved in the war between the two races after a neutral space colony is invaded by the Coordinators.\nThe television series was broadcast in Japan between 2002 and 2003, on the Tokyo Broadcasting System and Mainichi Broadcasting System networks, beginning a broadcast partnership with the Gundam franchise that lasted until Mobile Suit Gundam AGE ended its run in 2013. The series spawned three compilations films and was adapted into a manga as well as various light novels. A sequel series, Mobile Suit Gundam SEED Destiny followed in 2004. Various types of merchandising have also been released, including models, CD soundtracks and video games. Gundam SEED was licensed by Bandai Entertainment for broadcast in North America, and began airing in the United States and Canada in 2004 and 2005 respectively. The films and the sequel were also licensed by Bandai. The manga and light novels as well as the spin off series, Mobile Suit Gundam SEED Astray, were also licensed. A number of video games were also released in North America.
/m/044p4_	Club Atlético Newell's Old Boys is an Argentine sports club based in Rosario, Santa Fe. The club was founded on 3 November 1903, and is named after Isaac Newell, one of the pioneers of Argentine football. Newell's is best known for its football team, that plays in the Argentine Primera División, the top division of the Argentine league system.\nOriginally member of Rosario's Football Association, Newell's affiliated to the Argentine Football Association in 1939. They are the reigning champions in Argentine football, and have won AFA's Primera División six times throughout their history. Newell's has also been twice Copa Libertadores runner-up.\nThe club's football stadium is the Estadio Marcelo Bielsa, named after the team's former player and manager Marcelo Bielsa. Newell's plays the Rosario derby against Rosario Central, a club with which they have a huge historical rivalry.\nNewell's is also notable for its youth divisions, being the club with most national titles in AFA's youth tournaments. Players from the club's youths who have represented Argentina at World Cups are Gabriel Batistuta, Américo Gallego, Jorge Valdano, Gabriel Heinze, Roberto Sensini, Mauricio Pocchettino and Maxi Rodríguez, among others. Lionel Messi also played in the club's youths, but left at a young age to Barcelona to seek treatment for his growth hormone deficiency, while Diego Maradona played briefly for the first team in 1993.
/m/0cpjgj	John Swasey is an American actor, voice actor, ADR Director, and script writer who works at Funimation Entertainment/OkraTron 5000 and ADV Films/Seraphim Digital. He has provided voices for a number of English-language versions of Japanese anime films and television series. His most notable roles include Gendo in Neon Genesis Evangelion, Sir Crocodile in One Piece, and Van Hohenheim in Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood.\nIn 1992, he had a costarring role in Intercontinental Releasing Corporation's Behind the Mask, directed by Warren Chaney. The film also starred Deborah Winters and Roy Alan Wilson and was later acquired and redistributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
/m/03fw4y	Yash Raj Chopra was an Indian film director, script writer and film producer, predominantly working in Hindi cinema. Yash Chopra began his career as an assistant director to I. S. Johar and elder brother, B.R. Chopra. He made his directorial debut with Dhool Ka Phool in 1959, a melodrama about illegitimacy, and followed it with the social drama Dharmputra.\nEncouraged by the success of both films, the Chopra brothers made several more movies together during the late fifties and sixties. Chopra rose to prominence after his commercially and critically successful drama, Waqt, which pioneered the concept of ensemble casts in Bollywood.\nIn 1973, Chopra founded his own production company, Yash Raj Films, and launched it with Daag: A Poem of Love, a successful melodrama about a polygamous man. His success continued in the seventies, with some of Indian cinema's most successful and iconic films, including the action thriller Deewar, which established Amitabh Bachchan as the leading actor in Bollywood; the romantic drama Kabhie Kabhie and Trishul.\nThe period from late seventies to 1989 marked a professional setback in Chopra's career; several films he produced or directed in that period failed to leave a mark at the Indian box office, notably Doosra Aadmi, Mashaal, Faasle and Vijay. In 1989, Chopra directed the commercially and critically successful cult film Chandni, which became instrumental in ending the era of violent films in Bollywood and returning musicals.
/m/01s7qqw	Brendon Small is an American sitcom writer/producer, actor, comedian, voice actor, composer, and musician. He is best known as the co-creator of the animated series Home Movies and Metalocalypse and as the creator of the virtual death metal band Dethklok.
/m/02q_ncg	The Treasure of the Sierra Madre is a 1948 American dramatic adventure film written and directed by John Huston. It is a feature film adaptation of B. Traven's 1927 novel of the same name, about two financially desperate Americans, Fred C. Dobbs and Bob Curtin, who in the 1920s join initially reluctant old-timer Howard in Mexico to prospect for gold.\nThe Treasure of the Sierra Madre was one of the first Hollywood films to be filmed on location outside the United States, although many scenes were filmed back in the studio and elsewhere in the US. The film is quite faithful to the source novel. In 1990, the film was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant\".
/m/0cl0bk	David Denman is an American film and television actor.
/m/06j0md	James Edward Burrows is an American television director who has been working in television since the 1970s. He is best known for co-creating Cheers.
/m/0tyww	Taunton is a city in Bristol County, Massachusetts, United States, located approximately 40 miles south of Boston, 18 miles east of Providence, 10 miles north of Fall River, 20 miles north of New Bedford, and 25 miles west of Plymouth. It is the seat of Bristol County. Taunton is situated on the Taunton River which winds its way through the city on its way to Mount Hope Bay, 10 miles to the south. As of the 2010 census, the city had a population of 55,874. The current mayor is Thomas Hoye, Jr.\nFounded in 1637 by members of the Plymouth Colony, Taunton is one of the oldest towns in the United States. The native Americans called the region Cohannet, Tetiquet and Titicut before the arrival of the Europeans. Taunton is also known as the \"Silver City\", as it was an historic center of the silver industry beginning in the 19th century when companies such as Reed & Barton, F. B. Rogers, Poole Silver, and others produced fine-quality silver goods in the city.\nSince December 1914, the city of Taunton has provided a large annual light display each December on Taunton Green, giving it the additional nickname of \"Christmas City\".\nThe original boundaries of Taunton included the land now occupied by many surrounding towns, including Norton, Easton, Mansfield, Dighton, Raynham, and Berkley. Possession of the latter is still noted by the naming of Taunton Hill in Assonet.
/m/024c2	Cholera is an infection of the small intestine caused by the bacterium Vibrio cholerae.\nThe main symptoms are watery diarrhea and vomiting. Transmission occurs primarily by drinking water or eating food that has been contaminated by the feces of an infected person, including one with no apparent symptoms.\nThe severity of the diarrhea and vomiting can lead to rapid dehydration and electrolyte imbalance, and death in some cases. The primary treatment is oral rehydration therapy, typically with oral rehydration solution, to replace water and electrolytes. If this is not tolerated or does not provide improvement fast enough, intravenous fluids can also be used. Antibacterial drugs are beneficial in those with severe disease to shorten its duration and severity.\nWorldwide, it affects 3–5 million people and causes 100,000–130,000 deaths a year as of 2010. Cholera was one of the earliest infections to be studied by epidemiological methods.
/m/02r771y	The Martin Beck Award is an award given by the Swedish Crime Writers' Academy for the best crime novel in translation. It is one of the most prestigious international crime-writing awards.\nThe Award is named after Martin Beck, a fictional Swedish police detective who is the main character in a series of ten novels by Sjöwall and Wahlöö
/m/05h0n	Nature, in the broadest sense, is equivalent to the natural, physical, or material world or universe. \"Nature\" refers to the phenomena of the physical world, and also to life in general. It ranges in scale from the subatomic to the cosmic.\nThe word nature is derived from the Latin word natura, or \"essential qualities, innate disposition\", and in ancient times, literally meant \"birth\". Natura was a Latin translation of the Greek word physis, which originally related to the intrinsic characteristics that plants, animals, and other features of the world develop of their own accord. The concept of nature as a whole, the physical universe, is one of several expansions of the original notion; it began with certain core applications of the word φύσις by pre-Socratic philosophers, and has steadily gained currency ever since. This usage was confirmed during the advent of modern scientific method in the last several centuries.\nWithin the various uses of the word today, \"nature\" often refers to geology and wildlife. Nature may refer to the general realm of various types of living plants and animals, and in some cases to the processes associated with inanimate objects – the way that particular types of things exist and change of their own accord, such as the weather and geology of the Earth, and the matter and energy of which all these things are composed. It is often taken to mean the \"natural environment\" or wilderness–wild animals, rocks, forest, beaches, and in general those things that have not been substantially altered by human intervention, or which persist despite human intervention. For example, manufactured objects and human interaction generally are not considered part of nature, unless qualified as, for example, \"human nature\" or \"the whole of nature\". This more traditional concept of natural things which can still be found today implies a distinction between the natural and the artificial, with the artificial being understood as that which has been brought into being by a human consciousness or a human mind. Depending on the particular context, the term \"natural\" might also be distinguished from the unnatural, the supernatural, or synthetic.
/m/01z9z1	Whanganui, also spelled Wanganui, is an urban area and district on the west coast of the North Island of New Zealand. The Whanganui River, New Zealand's longest navigable waterway, runs from Mt Tongariro to the sea. Whanganui is part of the Manawatu-Wanganui region.\nLike several New Zealand centres, it was officially designated a city until administrative reorganisation in 1989, and is now run by a District Council. Despite this, it is still regarded as a city by most New Zealanders.\nAlthough called Wanganui from 1854, the New Zealand Geographic Board recommended that the name be changed to \"Whanganui\", and the government decided in December 2009 that, while either spelling was acceptable, Crown agencies would use the Whanganui spelling.
/m/03c7twt	Adventureland is a 2009 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Greg Mottola, starring Jesse Eisenberg and Kristen Stewart and co-starring Ryan Reynolds, Bill Hader, Martin Starr, and Margarita Levieva. The film is set in the summer of 1987 when recent college grad James Brennan is making big plans to tour Europe and attend graduate school in pursuit of a career in journalism. However, financial problems force him look for a summer job instead of traveling broad, which lands him at Adventureland, a run-down amusement park in western Pennsylvania. There he meets Emily Lewin, a co-worker with whom he develops a quick rapport and relationship.\nReleased on April 3, 2009, the film received mostly positive reviews and earned $17.1 million worldwide at the box office. Unlike Greg Mottola's previous film, the 2007 box-office hit Superbad, Adventureland was less successful with a smaller release on 1,862 screens. It was nominated for \"Best Ensemble Cast Performance\" at the 19th Annual Gotham Independent Film Awards.
/m/02frhbc	Portland is a city located in the U.S. state of Oregon, near the confluence of the Willamette and Columbia rivers. As of the 2010 Census, it had a population of 583,776, estimated to have reached 587,865 in 2012, making it the 28th most populous city in the United States. Portland is Oregon's most populous city, and the third most populous city in the Pacific Northwest region, after Seattle, Washington, and Vancouver, British Columbia. Approximately 2,992,924 people live in the Portland metropolitan area, the 19th most populous MSA in the United States.\nPortland was incorporated in 1851 near the end of the Oregon Trail and is the county seat of Multnomah County. The city has a commission-based government headed by a mayor and four other commissioners as well as Metro, a distinctive regional government. The city is noted for its superior land-use planning and investment in light rail. Because of its public transportation networks and efficient land-use planning, Portland has been recognized as one of the most environmentally conscious cities in the world.\nLocated in the Marine west coast climate region, Portland has a climate marked by both warm, dry summers and wet, cool-to-chilly winter days. This climate is ideal for growing roses. For more than a century, Portland has been known as the \"City of Roses\", with many rose gardens – most prominently the International Rose Test Garden. The city is also known for its abundant outdoor activities, liberal political values, and beer and coffee enthusiasm. Portland is home to a large number of independent microbreweries, microdistilleries and food carts that contribute to the unofficial slogan \"Keep Portland Weird\".
/m/03nn7l2	The 2009 Sundance Film Festival ran from January 15, 2009 until January 25 in Park City, Utah. It was the 25th iteration of the Sundance Film Festival.
/m/0342z_	The Moscow Conservatory is a higher musical education institution in Moscow, and the second oldest conservatory in Russia after St. Petersburg Conservatory. Along with the St. Petersburg Conservatory, it is one of the leading music universities in the country.\nIt was co-founded in 1866 as the Moscow Imperial Conservatory by Nikolai Rubinstein and Prince Nikolai Petrovitch Troubetzkoy.\nAt its opening, Tchaikovsky was appointed professor of theory and harmony, a post he held until approximately 1878. Since 1940, the conservatory has borne Tchaikovsky's name.\nPrior to the Revolution the choral faculty of the conservatory was second to the Moscow Synodal School and Moscow Synodal Choir, but in 1919 both were closed and merged into the choral faculty. Some of the students now listed as being of the conservatory were in fact students of the Synodal School.\nThe renovation of the hall was completed in 2011.
/m/09p35z	Starter for 10 is a 2006 British comedy-drama film directed by Tom Vaughan from a screenplay by David Nicholls, adapted from his own novel Starter for Ten. The film stars James McAvoy as a university student who wins a place on a University Challenge quiz team. It premiered at the Toronto Film Festival in September 2006, and was released in the UK and Ireland on 10 November 2006, and in Canada and the US on 23 February 2007.
/m/081hvm	Tshering Phintso \"Danny\" Denzongpa is an Indian actor of Sikkimese-Bhutia descent, working in Bollywood films though he has appeared in several Nepali, Telugu and Tamil films as well. He has acted in numerous Hindi films such as Asoka and 16 December. He has also starred in some international projects, the most famous being Seven Years in Tibet where he acted alongside Hollywood actor Brad Pitt. In 2003, Denzongpa was awarded the Padma Shree, India's fourth highest civilian honour. Denzongpa is noted for his villainous and character roles.
/m/06jzh	Robin Gayle Wright is an American actress and singer. She was previously credited as Robin Wright Penn.\nFrom 1984 to 1988, she starred in the television series Santa Barbara as Kelly Capwell, which earned her multiple Daytime Emmy nominations. She made the transition to film, starring in The Princess Bride, Forrest Gump, Toys, Message in a Bottle, Unbreakable, The Conspirator, Moneyball and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. She also appears as Claire Underwood in the Netflix series House of Cards, for which she was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series, and for which she won the Golden Globe in 2014 for best actress in a TV series, making her the first actress to win a Golden Globe for an online-only web television series.\nFrom 1996 to 2010, Wright was married to actor Sean Penn, with whom she has two children.
/m/02p68d	Michael Bolotin, known professionally as Michael Bolton, is an American singer-songwriter. Bolton originally performed in the hard rock and heavy metal genres from the mid-1970s to the mid-1980s, both on his early solo albums and those he recorded as the frontman of the band Blackjack. He is best known, however, for his series of soft rock ballads, recorded after a stylistic change in the late 1980s. He is noted for his distinctive tenor/countertenor vocal style.\nBolton's achievements include recording eight top 10 albums and two number one singles on the Billboard charts, as well as winning multiple American Music Awards and Grammy Awards.
/m/02cp5	A dragon is a legendary creature, typically with serpentine or reptilian traits, that features in the myths of many cultures. There are two distinct cultural traditions of dragons: the European dragon, derived from European folk traditions and ultimately related to Greek and Middle Eastern mythologies, and the Chinese dragon, with counterparts in Japan, Korea and other East Asian countries.\nThe two traditions may have evolved separately, but have influenced each other to a certain extent, particularly with the cross-cultural contact of recent centuries. The English word \"dragon\" derives from Greek δράκων, \"dragon, serpent of huge size, water-snake\".
/m/0csy8	A suspension bridge is a type of bridge in which the deck is hung below suspension cables on vertical suspenders. Outside Tibet and Bhutan, where the first examples of this type of bridge were built in the 15th century, this type of bridge dates from the early 19th century. Bridges without vertical suspenders have a long history in many mountainous parts of the world.\nThis type of bridge has cables suspended between towers, plus vertical suspender cables that carry the weight of the deck below, upon which traffic crosses. This arrangement allows the deck to be level or to arc upward for additional clearance. Like other suspension bridge types, this type often is constructed without falsework.\nThe suspension cables must be anchored at each end of the bridge, since any load applied to the bridge is transformed into a tension in these main cables. The main cables continue beyond the pillars to deck-level supports, and further continue to connections with anchors in the ground. The roadway is supported by vertical suspender cables or rods, called hangers. In some circumstances, the towers may sit on a bluff or canyon edge where the road may proceed directly to the main span, otherwise the bridge will usually have two smaller spans, running between either pair of pillars and the highway, which may be supported by suspender cables or may use a truss bridge to make this connection. In the latter case there will be very little arc in the outboard main cables.
/m/0n85g	Virgin Records is a British record label founded by English entrepreneur Richard Branson, Simon Draper, Nik Powell and Tom Newman in 1972. The company grew to be a worldwide music phenomenon, with platinum performers such as Roy Orbison, Devo, Genesis, Keith Richards, Janet Jackson, Culture Club, Simple Minds, Lenny Kravitz, The Smashing Pumpkins, Mike Oldfield, Spice Girls and more on their list of artists. It was later sold to Thorn EMI in 1992. Its American operations were merged with Capitol Records in 2007 to create the Capitol Music Group. Currently owned by Universal Music Group after its purchase of EMI in 2012, UMG reorganized its British operations to create Virgin EMI Records on March 2013 which absorbed Mercury Records UK.
/m/092c5f	The 10th Screen Actors Guild Awards were presented at the Shrine Exposition Center, Los Angeles, California, USA on 22 February 2004.
/m/02f79n	The MTV Video Music Award for Best Video from a Film was first awarded in 1987, recognizing the best videos whose songs were a part of a movie soundtrack or featured in a film. As time went on, though, music videos taken from movie soundtracks became more rare, and so the last of this award was given out in 2003. No artist has ever won this award more than once, though Madonna, Will Smith, and U2 are all winners who have been nominated a record three times for this award. U2 members Adam Clayton and Larry Mullen, Jr., however, are technically the most nominated artists of this category, for along with their three nominations with U2, they also received a nomination for their video for the Mission: Impossible theme. In a similar vein, Singles and Batman Forever are the two most nominated films of this category, as they each had two videos off of their soundtracks receive nominations on their respective years.
/m/035bpp	Gotha is the fifth-largest city in Thuringia, Germany, located 20 kilometres west of Erfurt and 25 km east of Eisenach with a population of 44,000. The city is the capital of the district of Gotha and was also a residence of the Ernestine Wettins from 1640 until the end of monarchy in Germany in 1918. The House of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha originating here spawned many European rulers, including the royal houses of England, Belgium, Portugal and Bulgaria.\nIn the Middle Ages, Gotha was a rich trading town on the trade route Via Regia and between 1650 and 1850, Gotha saw a cultural heyday as a centre of sciences and arts, fostered by the dukes of Saxe-Gotha. The first duke, Ernest the Pious was famous for his wise rule. In the 18th century, the Almanach de Gotha was first published in the city. The cartographer Justus Perthes and the encyclopedist Joseph Meyer made Gotha a leading centre of German publishing around 1800. In the early 19th century, Gotha was a birthplace of the German insurance business. The SPD was founded in Gotha in 1875 by merging two predecessors. In that period, Gotha became an industrial core with companies like the Gothaer Waggonfabrik, a producer of trams and airplanes.
/m/0fzjh	Tryptophan is one of the 22 standard amino acids and an essential amino acid in the human diet, as demonstrated by its growth effects on rats. It is encoded in the standard genetic code as the codon UGG. Only the L-stereoisomer of tryptophan is used in structural or enzyme proteins, but the R -stereoisomer is occasionally found in naturally produced peptides. The distinguishing structural characteristic of tryptophan is that it contains an indole functional group.
/m/05wm88	Tyler Perry is an American actor, director, screenwriter, playwright, producer, author, and songwriter, specializing in the gospel genre. Perry wrote and produced many stage plays during the 1990s and early 2000s. In 2011, Forbes named him the highest paid man in entertainment; he earned $130 million between May 2010 and 2011.\nPerry is known for both creating and performing in drag the Madea character, a giant, overreactive, and thuggishly tough elderly woman. Perry also creates films, some produced as live recordings of stage plays, and others professionally filmed using full sets and locations with full editing. Perry is estimated to have earned around $75 million by 2008. Many of Perry's stage-play films have been subsequently adapted as professional films.\nPerry has also created several television shows, his most successful of which is Tyler Perry's House of Payne, a show that ran for eight seasons on TBS from June 21, 2006, to August 10, 2012. On October 2, 2012, Perry struck an exclusive multi-year partnership with Oprah Winfrey and her Oprah Winfrey network. The partnership was largely for the purposes of bringing scripted television to the OWN network, Perry having had previous success in this department. To date, Perry has created two original series for the network, The Haves and the Have Nots and Love Thy Neighbor. The Haves and The Have Nots has supplied OWN with very successful ratings and has also been critically acclaimed as being \"one of OWN’s biggest success stories with its weekly dose of soapy fun, filled with the typical betrayals, affairs, manipulations and a bitch slap or two.\"
/m/04vq3h	Paul Guilfoyle is an American television and film actor. He is currently a regular cast member of the forensic television drama CSI: Crime Scene Investigation where he plays Captain Jim Brass.
/m/015g28	Band of Brothers is a ten-part, 11-hour television World War II miniseries, originally produced and broadcast in 2001, based on historian Stephen E. Ambrose's 1992 book of the same title. The executive producers were Steven Spielberg and Tom Hanks, who had collaborated on the 1998 World War II film Saving Private Ryan. The episodes first aired in 2001 on HBO. They are still run frequently on various TV networks around the world.\nThe series dramatizes the history of \"Easy\" Company from jump training in the U.S. through its participation in major actions in Europe, and up until Japan's capitulation and war's end. The events portrayed are based on Ambrose's research and recorded interviews with Easy Company veterans. The TV series took literary license, adapting the recorded history for the purposes of dramatic effect and series structure. All of the characters portrayed are based on members of Easy Company. Some of the men were recorded in contemporary interviews, which viewers see as preludes to each episode. The men's identities are not revealed until the finale.\nThe title for the book and the series comes from the famous St. Crispin's Day Speech as written by William Shakespeare in his play Henry V, for delivery by Henry V of England before the Battle of Agincourt. Ambrose quotes a passage from the speech on his book's first page; this passage is spoken by Carwood Lipton in the TV series' final episode.
/m/02wmy	The Falkland Islands are an archipelago located in the South Atlantic Ocean on the Patagonian Shelf. The principal islands are about 300 miles east of the southern Patagonian coast at a latitude of about 52°S. The archipelago, which has an area of 4,700 square miles, comprises East Falkland, West Falkland, and 776 smaller islands. As a British overseas territory, the Falklands enjoy internal self-governance, with the United Kingdom taking responsibility for its defence and foreign affairs. The islands' capital is Stanley on East Falkland.\nControversy exists over the Falklands' original discovery and subsequent colonisation by Europeans. At various times, the islands have had French, British, Spanish, and Argentine settlements. Britain reasserted its rule in 1833, though Argentina maintained its claim to the islands. In 1982, following Argentina's invasion of the islands, the two-month undeclared Falklands War between both countries resulted in the surrender of Argentine forces and the return of the islands to British administration.\nThe population, estimated at 2,932 in 2012, primarily consists of native Falkland Islanders, the majority of British descent. Other ethnicities include French, Gibraltarian, and Scandinavian. Immigration from the United Kingdom, Saint Helena, and Chile has reversed a population decline. The predominant and official language is English. Under the British Nationality Act 1983, Falkland Islanders are legally British citizens.
/m/059_y8d	The 59th Berlin International Film Festival was held from 5 February to 15 February 2009. The opening film of this year's festival was Tom Tykwer’s The International, screened out of competition. This year's jury president was actress Tilda Swinton of the United Kingdom.\nThis year's Berlin International Film Festival's admission is reported to be among the highest in years, and it also set a record for ticket sales, with some 270,000 tickets sold by the halfway mark. This compares to 240,000 sold for the entire festival at last year's festival. The final ticket tally after the film festival ended, will be the largest in the festival’s 59-year history.
/m/0p76z	Jethro Tull are a British rock group. Their music is characterised by the vocals, acoustic guitar, and flute playing of Ian Anderson, who has led the band since its founding, and the guitar work of Martin Barre, who has been with the band since 1969, after he replaced original guitarist Mick Abrahams.\nFormed in Luton, Bedfordshire, in December 1967, initially playing experimental blues rock, they later incorporated elements of classical music, folk music, jazz, hard rock and art rock into their music. During a career that has spanned more than forty years, Jethro Tull have sold more than 60 million albums worldwide.
/m/018wdw	The Academy Award for Best Sound Editing is an Academy Award granted yearly to a film exhibiting the finest or most aesthetic sound editing or sound design. The award is usually received by the Supervising Sound Editors of the film, perhaps accompanied by the Sound Designers.\nThe Sound Branch of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, until 2006 would use a \"bake-off\" of the best films from the previous year to decide which films should be referred to the full Academy as nominations for the award. In a rule change on June 30, 2006, the bake-off for the Sound Branch was eliminated, and the usual process of a \"preferential ballot\" submission was instituted.\nDuring certain years, the highest award given for this category may be a \"Special Achievement Award\", not an Oscar. Academy rules require that a minimum number of films must be nominated in a category for an Academy Award to be granted; when the number of qualifying nominees is insufficient, a Special Achievement Award is granted instead.\nThis is a list of films that have won or been nominated for an Academy Award for Best Sound Effects, Sound Effects Editing, or Sound Editing.
/m/021yw7	Seth Woodbury MacFarlane is an American actor, animator, writer, producer, director, and singer. He is the creator of the TV show Family Guy and co-creator of the shows American Dad! and The Cleveland Show. He also voices many of the shows' various characters.\nMacFarlane grew up in Kent, Connecticut and is a graduate of the Rhode Island School of Design, where he studied animation, earning a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree. Recruited to Hollywood during the senior film festival by development executive Ellen Cockrill and President Fred Seibert, he was an animator and writer for Hanna-Barbera for several television shows, including Johnny Bravo, Cow and Chicken, Dexter's Laboratory, I Am Weasel, and his own Family Guy-like \"prequel\", Larry and Steve.\nAs an actor, he has made guest appearances on shows such as Gilmore Girls, The War at Home, and FlashForward. MacFarlane's interest in science fiction and fantasy has led to cameo and guest appearances on Star Trek: Enterprise and voicing the character of Johann Kraus in Guillermo del Toro's Hellboy II: The Golden Army. In 2008, he created his own YouTube series entitled Seth MacFarlane's Cavalcade of Cartoon Comedy. As a singer MacFarlane has performed at several venues, including Carnegie Hall and the Royal Albert Hall. MacFarlane has won several awards for his work on Family Guy, including two Primetime Emmy Awards and an Annie Award. In 2009 he won the Webby Award for Film & Video Person of the Year. He occasionally speaks at universities and colleges throughout the United States, and he is a supporter of gay rights.
/m/014_x2	City of Angels is a 1998 American romantic fantasy drama film directed by Brad Silberling. The film stars Nicolas Cage and Meg Ryan. Set in Los Angeles, California, the film is a very loose remake of Wim Wenders' 1987 German film Wings of Desire, which was set in Berlin.
/m/0403v1z	The House of Bourbon-Parma is an Italian cadet branch of the House of Bourbon. It is thus descended from the Capetian dynasty in male line. The name of Bourbon-Parma comes from the main name and the other from the title of Duke of Parma. The title was held by the Spanish Bourbons as the founder was the great-grandson of Duke Ranuccio II Farnese, Duke of Parma.\nSince 1964 a cadet branch of the House of Bourbon-Parma rules Luxembourg as Grand Duke.
/m/0fc_9	Oneida County is a county located in the U.S. state of New York. As of the 2010 census, the population was 234,878. The county seat is Utica. The name is in honor of the Oneida, an Iroquoian tribe that lives in the region.\nOneida County is part of the Utica-Rome, NY Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/0ctwqs	Brisbane Roar FC is a professional soccer club based in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia. It competes in the country's premier competition, the A-League. Roar entered the competition in the in the leagues inaugural 2005–06 season as Queensland Roar FC. The club's has won one league Premierships, two Championships and it has competed in two AFC Champions League seasons. Brisbane Roar holds the record for the longest unbeaten run at the top level of any Australian football code, which stands at 36 league matches without defeat. Brisbane Roar are also the first and only club to win back to back A-League Championships.\nThe club playes matches at Suncorp Stadium, a 52,500 seat multi-use venue in Milton. A youth squad competes in the National Youth League. A women's team competes in the W-League. The youth and women matches are played at various locations across Perth, including Goodwin Park, QSAC, A.J. Kelly Park, Perry Park and occasionally Suncorp Stadium.
/m/0lgm5	Thelonious Sphere Monk was an American jazz pianist and composer, considered one of the giants of American music. Monk had a unique improvisational style and made numerous contributions to the standard jazz repertoire, including \"Epistrophy\", \"'Round Midnight\", \"Blue Monk\", \"Straight, No Chaser\" and \"Well, You Needn't\". Monk is the second-most recorded jazz composer after Duke Ellington, which is particularly remarkable as Ellington composed over 1,000 songs while Monk wrote about 70.\nHis compositions and improvisations are full of dissonances and angular melodic twists, and are consistent with Monk's unorthodox approach to the piano, which combined a highly percussive attack with abrupt, dramatic use of silences and hesitations. This style was not universally appreciated, shown for instance in poet and jazz critic Philip Larkin's dismissal of Monk as \"the elephant on the keyboard\".\nVisually, he was renowned for his distinctive style in suits, hats and sunglasses. He was also noted for the fact that at times, while the other musicians in the band continued playing, he would stop, stand up from the keyboard and dance for a few moments before returning to the piano.
/m/0473rc	Bedazzled is a 2000 fantastic-comedy film remake of the 1967 film of the same name, originally written by Peter Cook and Dudley Moore, which was itself a comic retelling of the Faust legend. The film was directed by Harold Ramis and stars Brendan Fraser and Elizabeth Hurley.
/m/03j79x	Berner Sport Club Young Boys 1898 is a Swiss sporting club based in the capital city of Bern. The name is often abbreviated to YB. Abroad, YB is often referred to as Young Boys Bern or simply Young Boys. The club's colors are yellow and black.\nThe first team plays in the Swiss Axpo Super League and has won 11 Swiss league championships and six Swiss Cups. In 1957, YB was named the Swiss team of the year. YB is one of the most successful Swiss football clubs internationally, and reached the semi-finals of the European Cup in the 1958–59 season. The club's sports also include field hockey and bowling. The women's hockey team also plays in the highest Swiss League.
/m/063vn	Joseph Philippe Pierre Yves Elliott Trudeau, PC CH CC QC FSRC, usually known as Pierre Trudeau or Pierre Elliott Trudeau, was the 15th Prime Minister of Canada from April 20, 1968 to June 4, 1979, and again from March 3, 1980 to June 30, 1984.\nTrudeau began his political career as a lawyer, intellectual, and activist in Quebec politics. In the 1960s, he entered federal politics by joining the Liberal Party of Canada. He was appointed as Lester Pearson's Parliamentary Secretary, and later became his Minister of Justice. From his base in Montreal, Trudeau took control of the Liberal Party and became a charismatic leader, inspiring \"Trudeaumania\". From the late 1960s until the mid-1980s, he dominated the Canadian political scene and aroused passionate reactions. \"Reason before passion\" was his personal motto. He retired from politics in 1984, and John Turner succeeded him as Prime Minister.\nAdmirers praise the force of Trudeau's intellect and salute his political acumen in preserving national unity against the Quebec sovereignty movement, suppressing a violent revolt, and establishing the Charter of Rights and Freedoms within Canada's constitution. Critics accuse him of arrogance, economic mismanagement, and unduly favouring the federal government relative to the provinces, especially in trying to distribute the oil wealth of the Prairies.
/m/026kds	The Wii is a home video game console released by Nintendo on November 19, 2006. As a seventh-generation console, the Wii competes with Microsoft's Xbox 360 and Sony's PlayStation 3. Nintendo states that its console targets a broader demographic than that of the two others. As of the first quarter of 2012, the Wii leads the generation over PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 in worldwide sales; in December 2009, the console broke the sales record for a single month in the United States.\nThe Wii introduced the Wii Remote controller, which can be used as a handheld pointing device and which detects movement in three dimensions. Another notable feature of the console is WiiConnect24, which enables it to receive messages and updates over the Internet while in standby mode. Like other seventh-generation consoles, it features a game download service, called \"Virtual Console\", which features emulated games from past systems.\nIt succeeds the Nintendo GameCube, with early models being fully backward-compatible with all GameCube games and most accessories. Nintendo first spoke of the console at the 2004 E3 press conference and later unveiled it at the 2005 E3. Nintendo CEO Satoru Iwata revealed a prototype of the controller at the September 2005 Tokyo Game Show. At E3 2006, the console won the first of several awards. By December 8, 2006, it had completed its launch in the four key markets.
/m/033rq	Federico Fellini was an Italian film director and scriptwriter. Known for his distinct style that blends fantasy and baroque images with earthiness, he is considered one of the most influential filmmakers of the 20th century, and is widely revered. He won five Academy Awards including the most number of Oscars in history for Best Foreign Language Film.
/m/02d42t	Samantha Jane Morton is an English actress and film director. She began her performing career with guest roles in television shows such as Soldier Soldier, Cracker and Boon. She played Hattie in Sweet and Lowdown, for which she received attention from Hollywood, critical acclaim and an Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress.\nMorton subsequently starred in Minority Report and Morvern Callar. She received her second Academy Award nomination for her performance as the young Irish mother, Sarah, coping with life in New York City in In America. Morton starred in Enduring Love and The Libertine and Lassie. She won a Golden Globe for Best Actress in a Television Film for her role as Myra Hindley in Longford. She appeared in the biographical films Control, Elizabeth: The Golden Age and Mister Lonely. She then starred in Synecdoche, New York. Morton appeared in the critically acclaimed The Messenger. She made her directorial debut in the British television film The Unloved.
/m/05jnl	A newspaper is a periodical publication containing news, other informative articles, and usually advertising. A newspaper is usually printed on relatively inexpensive, low-grade paper such as newsprint. The news organizations that publish newspapers are themselves often metonymically called newspapers. Most newspapers now publish online as well as in print. The online versions are called online newspapers or news sites.\nNewspapers are typically published daily or weekly. News magazines are also weekly, but they have a magazine format.\n General-interest newspapers typically publish news articles and feature articles on national and international news as well as local news. The news includes political events and personalities, business and finance, crime, severe weather, and natural disasters; health and medicine, science, and technology; sports; and entertainment, society, food and cooking, clothing and home fashion, and the arts. Typically the paper is divided into sections for each of those major groupings. Most traditional papers also feature an editorial page containing editorials written by an editor, op-eds written by guest writers, and columns that express the personal opinions of columnists, usually offering analysis and synthesis that attempts to translate the raw data of the news into information telling the reader \"what it all means\" and persuading them to concur.
/m/03tn9w	The 50th Academy Awards were held at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion in Los Angeles, California on April 3, 1978. The ceremonies were presided over by Bob Hope, who hosted the awards for the eighteenth and last time.\nTwo of the year's biggest winners were Star Wars, which swept the technical categories by winning 6 out of its 10 nominations and a Special Achievement for Sound Effects Editing, and Annie Hall, winning 4 out of 5 nominations, including Best Picture, Best Actress and Best Director. The awards show was also notable for a very politically charged acceptance speech by Vanessa Redgrave.\nThe Turning Point set the record for the most nominations without a win, previously held by Peyton Place and The Little Foxes, which each had 9 nominations with no wins. This record, later tied by The Color Purple, still stands as of the 86th Academy Awards.\nAnnie Hall was the last Best Picture winner to be nominated for just five awards until The Departed 29 years later in 2006.\nJason Robards became the fourth actor to win back to back Oscars.\nFor the first and only time to date, both Best Actor and Best Actress winners won for roles in two different romantic comedies.
/m/01zb_g	Creation Records was a British independent record label headed by Alan McGee. Along with Dick Green and Joe Foster, McGee founded Creation in 1983. The name came from the 1960s band The Creation, whom McGee greatly admired. McGee, Green and Foster were also in the band Biff Bang Pow!, which was also the title of a The Creation song. The label was revived at one point in 2011 for the release of a compilation album, Upside Down, spanning songs from the label. The label ceased operations in 1999.
/m/0jfqp	Chapel Hill is a town in Orange County, North Carolina, and the home of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and UNC Health Care. The population was 57,233 at the 2010 census; Chapel Hill is the 16th largest municipality in North Carolina.\nChapel Hill, Durham, and Raleigh make up the three corners of the Research Triangle, so named in 1959 with the creation of Research Triangle Park, a research park between Durham and Raleigh. Chapel Hill is one of the central cities of the Durham-Chapel Hill MSA, which in turn is part of the Raleigh-Durham-Chapel Hill Combined Statistical Area with a population of 1,998,808 .
/m/0wr_s	Vicksburg is the only city in Warren County, Mississippi. It is the seventeenth largest city in Mississippi. It is located 234 miles northwest of New Orleans on the Mississippi and Yazoo rivers, and 40 miles due west of Jackson, the state capital. In 1900, 14,834 people lived in Vicksburg; in 1910, 20,814; in 1920, 17,931; and in 1940, 24,460. The population was 26,407 at the 2000 census. In 2010, it became a Micropolitan with a population of 49,644. It is the county seat of Warren County.\nVicksburg is the principal city of the Vicksburg Micropolitan Statistical Area, which includes all of Warren County.
/m/02f46y	The University of Reading is a public research university in Reading, Berkshire, United Kingdom. The University was established in 1892 as University College, Reading and received its Royal Charter in 1926. It is based on several campuses in, and around, the town of Reading.\nThe University has a long tradition of research, education and training at a local, national and international level. It offers traditional degrees alongside less usual and other vocationally relevant ones. It was awarded the Queen's Anniversary Prize for Higher and Further Education in 1998, 2005, 2009, and again in 2011. It is one of the ten most research intensive universities in the UK and ranked in the top 1% of universities in the world by THE.
/m/07f5x	Togo, officially the Togolese Republic, is a country in West Africa bordered by Ghana to the west, Benin to the east and Burkina Faso to the north. It extends south to the Gulf of Guinea, where its capital Lomé is located. Togo covers an area of approximately 57,000 square kilometres with a population of approximately 6.7 million.\nTogo is a tropical, sub-Saharan nation, highly dependent on agriculture, with a climate that provides good growing seasons. Togo is one of the smallest countries in all of Africa. The official language is French, with many other languages spoken in Togo, particularly those of the Gbe family. The largest religious group in Togo are those with indigenous beliefs, and there are significant Christian and Muslim minorities. Togo is a member of the United Nations, African Union, Organisation of Islamic Cooperation, South Atlantic Peace and Cooperation Zone, La Francophonie and Economic Community of West African States.\nFrom the 11th to the 16th century, various tribes entered the region from all directions. From the 16th century to the 18th century, the coastal region was a major trading centre for Europeans in search of slaves, earning Togo and the surrounding region the name \"The Slave Coast\". In 1884, Germany declared Togoland a protectorate. After World War I, rule over Togo was transferred to France. Togo gained its independence from France in 1960.
/m/0sbbq	Waukegan is a city and the county seat of Lake County, Illinois, United States. As of the 2012 census estimate, the city had a population of 94,267. It is the ninth-largest city in Illinois by population. It is the fifth-largest city on the western shore of Lake Michigan, after Chicago, Milwaukee, Green Bay, and Kenosha.
/m/01c40n	San Pedro is a port district of the city of Los Angeles, California. Formerly a separate city, it consolidated with Los Angeles in 1909 and is a major seaport of the area. The district has grown from being dominated by the fishing industry to become primarily a middle class community within the city of Los Angeles.
/m/095w_	Budapest is the capital and the largest city of Hungary, and one of the largest cities in the European Union. It is the country's principal political, cultural, commercial, industrial, and transportation centre, sometimes described as the primate city of Hungary. In 2011, according to the census, Budapest had 1.74 million inhabitants, down from its 1989 peak of 2.1 million due to suburbanization. The Budapest Commuter Area is home to 3.3 million people. The city covers an area of 525 square kilometres within the city limits. Budapest became a single city occupying both banks of the river Danube with a unification on 17 November 1873 of west-bank Buda and Óbuda with east-bank Pest.\nThe history of Budapest began with Aquincum, originally a Celtic settlement that became the Roman capital of Lower Pannonia. Hungarians arrived in the territory in the 9th century. Their first settlement was pillaged by the Mongols in 1241–42. The re-established town became one of the centres of Renaissance humanist culture in the 15th century. Following the Battle of Mohács and nearly 150 years of Ottoman rule, the region entered a new age of prosperity in the 18th and 19th centuries, and Budapest became a global city after the 1873 unification. It also became the second capital of the Austro-Hungarian Empire, a great power that dissolved in 1918, following World War I. Budapest was the focal point of the Hungarian Revolution of 1848, the Hungarian Republic of Councils of 1919, Operation Panzerfaust in 1944, the Battle of Budapest in 1945, and the Revolution of 1956.
/m/065_cjc	Paul is a 2011 British-American science fiction road comedy film directed by Greg Mottola and written by and starring Simon Pegg, Nick Frost, with Seth Rogen as the voice of the title character. The film contains numerous references to other science fiction films, especially those of Steven Spielberg, as well as to general science fiction fandom.
/m/07xpm	The University of Canterbury had three founding Professors: Charles Cook, Mathematics, St John's College, Cambridge; Alexander Bickerton, Chemistry and Physics, School of Mining, London; and John Macmillan Brown, Balliol College, Oxford. Founded in 1873, it is New Zealand's second-oldest university. It operates its main campus in the suburb of Ilam in the city of Christchurch, New Zealand. It offers degrees in Arts, Commerce, Education, Engineering, Fine Arts, Forestry, Health Sciences, Law, Music, Social Work, Speech and Language Pathology, Science, Sports Coaching and Teaching.
/m/02b29	David Alan Mamet is an American playwright, essayist, screenwriter, and film director.\nAs a playwright, Mamet has won a Pulitzer Prize and received Tony nominations for Glengarry Glen Ross and Speed-the-Plow. As a screenwriter, he has received Oscar nominations for The Verdict and Wag the Dog. Mamet's books include: The Old Religion, a novel about the lynching of Leo Frank; Five Cities of Refuge: Weekly Reflections on Genesis, Exodus, Leviticus, Numbers and Deuteronomy, a Torah commentary with Rabbi Lawrence Kushner; The Wicked Son, a study of Jewish self-hatred and antisemitism; Bambi vs. Godzilla, a commentary on the movie business; The Secret Knowledge: On the Dismantling of American Culture, a commentary on cultural and political issues; and Three War Stories, a trio of novellas about the physical and psychological effects of war.\nFeature films which Mamet both wrote and directed include Redbelt, The Spanish Prisoner, House of Games, Spartan, Heist, State and Main, The Winslow Boy, Oleanna, Homicide, Things Change, and most recently the 2013 HBO film Phil Spector, starring Al Pacino as Spector with Helen Mirren and Jeffrey Tambor.
/m/0bhsnb	Sri Lankan Tamil people, or Ceylon Tamils also known as Eelam Tamils in Tamil, are a section of Tamil people who are natives of the South Asian island state of Sri Lanka. According to anthropological evidences and archaeological evidences, Sri Lankan Tamils have a very long history in Sri Lanka and have lived on the island since around the 2nd century BCE. Most modern Sri Lankan Tamils claim descent from residents of Jaffna Kingdom, a former kingdom in the north of the island and Vannimai chieftaincies from the east. They constitute a majority in the Northern Province, live in significant numbers in the Eastern Province, and are in the minority throughout the rest of the country. 70% of Sri Lankan Tamils in Sri Lanka live in the Northern and Eastern provinces.\nAlthough Sri Lankan Tamils are culturally and linguistically distinct, genetic studies indicate that they are closely related to Sinhalese ethnic group in the island. The Sri Lankan Tamils are mostly Hindus with a significant Christian population. Sri Lankan Tamil literature on topics including religion and the sciences flourished during the medieval period in the court of the Jaffna Kingdom. Since the beginning of the Sri Lankan Civil War in the 1980s, it is distinguished by an emphasis on themes relating to the conflict. Sri Lankan Tamil dialects are noted for their archaism and retention of words not in everyday use in the Tamil Nadu state in India.
/m/03fnjv	Sportvereniging Roda Juliana Combinatie Kerkrade, also known as Roda JC Kerkrade is a Dutch professional association football club located in Kerkrade, Netherlands. Roda JC Kerkrade plays in the Dutch Eredivisie. The club was founded after a merger between Rapid JC and Roda Sport in 1962. They were placed in the Eerste Divisie, and after a relegation they were promoted back to the top division in 1973, where they would stay ever since. In the 2009 season they added Kerkrade to their names so they would get financial support.\nRoda are known as a \"coal-miner's club\". Fans of MVV, from the provincial capital of Maastricht, pronounce those words condescendingly, in Kerkrade and surroundings they are pronounced with pride. The last Dutch coal-mines were closed in the 1960s, but the Netherlands' most southern province, Limburg, is still referred to as the Mijnstreek today. The coal-mines are still industrious in folk songs in the regional dialect and in the stories of old miners, reminiscing of an era that will never return. Southern Limburg will always be their home. Their team, in most cases, is Roda JC.\nRoda's club honours include seven European campaigns and six KNVB cup finals, of which two were won. One of the predecessors in Roda's \"family tree\" of mergers, Rapid JC, were champions of the Netherlands in 1956. Ten out of eleven players on that Rapid JC team were coal-miners.
/m/02cvcd	Loyola University New Orleans is a private, co-educational and Jesuit university located in New Orleans, Louisiana, United States. Originally established as Loyola College in 1904, the institution was chartered as a university in 1912. It bears the name of the Jesuit patron, Saint Ignatius of Loyola. Loyola is one of 28 member institutions that make up the Association of Jesuit Colleges and Universities and, with its current enrollment of approximately 5000 students, is among the larger Jesuit universities in the southern United States. Loyola University New Orleans is ranked fifth best institution among Southern regional universities offering masters and undergraduate degrees in the 2008 issue of the annual America's Best Colleges issue and guidebook published by U.S. News & World Report. The Princeton Review also features Loyola University New Orleans in the most recent editions of its annual book, The Best 371 Colleges. In the past, the school has been called Loyola of the South, Loyola New Orleans, Loyola University, New Orleans, and Loyola University of New Orleans.
/m/02t_tp	Robert Forster is an American actor, best known for his roles as John Cassellis in Haskell Wexler's Medium Cool, and as Max Cherry in Quentin Tarantino's Jackie Brown, the latter of which gained him an Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actor. He has recently appeared as George Clooney's father-in-law in Alexander Payne's The Descendants and as an Army general in Antoine Fuqua's Olympus Has Fallen. He is a member of the Triple Nine Society.
/m/0chw_	Alicia Christian Foster, known professionally as Jodie Foster, is an American actress, film director, and producer. Foster began acting in commercials at the age of three, and her first significant role came in 1976 as a child prostitute in Taxi Driver, for which she received a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress. She won an Academy Award for Best Actress in 1989, for playing a rape victim in The Accused. In 1991, she starred in The Silence of the Lambs as Clarice Starling, a gifted FBI trainee, assisting in a hunt for a serial killer. This performance received international acclaim and her second Academy Award for Best Actress. She received her third Best Actress Academy Award nomination for playing a backwoods hermit in Nell. Her other best-known work includes Contact, Panic Room, Flightplan, Inside Man and The Brave One. Foster made her directorial debut in 1991 with Little Man Tate; she also directed the films Home for the Holidays and The Beaver. In addition to her two Academy Awards, she has won three BAFTA Awards, three Golden Globe Awards, the Cecil B DeMille Award, and a Screen Actors Guild Award.
/m/0234_c	Purchase College, State University of New York, is a public four-year college located in Purchase, New York, United States. It is one of 13 comprehensive colleges in the State University of New York system. Founded by Governor Nelson Rockefeller in 1967 as the cultural gem of the SUNY system, Purchase College claims to offer \"a unique education that combines programs in the liberal arts with conservatory programs in the arts in ways that emphasize inquiry, mastery of skills, and creativity\". Purchase College is included in the Princeton Review's Best 371 Colleges and Top 100: Best Value Colleges.\nPurchase College confers the following degrees: Bachelor of Arts, Bachelor of Science, Bachelor of Fine Arts, Bachelor of Music, Master of Arts, Master of Fine Arts, and Master of Music. As a requirement for the BA and BS degree, students undertake a senior project in which they devote two semesters to an in-depth, original, and creative study under the close supervision of a faculty mentor. Similarly, the BFA and MusB studies culminate in a senior exhibition, film, or recital. The graduate degree programs culminate in a master's thesis and, for the MFA and MM, an exhibition, recital, or related presentation.
/m/01pxcf	The Australian National University is a public university in Canberra, Australian Capital Territory. Located in the suburb of Acton, the main campus encompasses seven teaching and research colleges, in addition to several national institutes.\nFounded in 1946, it is the only university to have been created by the Parliament of Australia. Originally a postgraduate research university, ANU commenced undergraduate teaching in 1960 when it integrated the Canberra University College, which had been established in 1929 as a campus of the University of Melbourne. ANU currently enrols 10,359 undergraduate and 9,674 postgraduate students and employs 3,958 staff. The university's endowment stood at A$1.237 billion in 2010.\nANU is ranked 1st nationally by the 2013 QS World University Rankings, 2nd nationally by the 2013 Times Higher Education World University Rankings, and 2nd nationally by the 2013 Academic Ranking of World Universities. ANU was named the world's 7th most international university in a 2014 study by Times Higher Education.\nANU counts six Nobel laureates among its faculty and alumni. Students entering ANU in 2013 had a median Australian Tertiary Admission Rank of 93, the equal-highest among Australian universities. In the 2013 Global Employability University Ranking, an annual ranking of university graduates' employability, ANU was ranked 1st nationally.
/m/06jz0	Robert Reiner is an American actor, director, producer, and activist.\nAs an actor, Reiner first came to national prominence as Michael Stivic, son-in-law of Archie and Edith Bunker, on All in the Family. That role earned him two Emmy Awards during the 1970s. As a director, Reiner was recognized by the Directors Guild of America with nominations for Stand by Me, When Harry Met Sally..., and A Few Good Men. He also directed Misery, The Princess Bride and This Is Spinal Tap. He studied at the UCLA Film School.
/m/08jcfy	The Principal is the chief executive and the chief academic officer of a university or college in certain parts of the Commonwealth.
/m/01nty	The Cayman Islands are a British Overseas Territory in the western Caribbean Sea. The territory comprises the three islands of Grand Cayman, Cayman Brac and Little Cayman, south of Cuba and northwest of Jamaica. The Cayman Islands are considered to be part of the geographic Western Caribbean Zone as well as the Greater Antilles. The territory is a major world offshore financial centre.
/m/087pfc	Click is a 2006 American comedy drama film directed by Frank Coraci, written by Steve Koren and Mark O'Keefe, and produced by Adam Sandler, who also starred in the lead role. The film co-stars Kate Beckinsale and Christopher Walken. The film was released in the United States on June 23, 2006. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.\nSandler played an overworked architect who neglects his family. When he acquires a universal remote that enables him to \"fast forward\" through unpleasant or outright dull parts of his life, he soon learns that those seemingly bad bits contained vital parts of life's lessons. Filming began in late 2005 and was finished by early 2006. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Makeup.
/m/04sqj	Mexico City is the Federal District, capital of Mexico and seat of the federal powers of Mexico. It is a federal entity within Mexico which is not part of any one of the 31 Mexican states but belongs to the federation as a whole. Mexico City is the country's largest city as well as its most important political, cultural, educational and financial center.\nAs an \"alpha\" global city Mexico City is one of the most important financial centers in North America. It is located in the Valley of Mexico, a large valley in the high plateaus at the center of Mexico, at an altitude of 2,240 metres. The city consists of sixteen boroughs.\nThe 2009 estimated population for the city proper was around 8.84 million people, with a land area of 1,485 square kilometres. According to the most recent definition agreed upon by the federal and state governments, the Greater Mexico City population is 21.2 million people, making it the largest metropolitan area in the western hemisphere, the third largest agglomeration and the largest Spanish-speaking city in the world.
/m/0dk0dj	Komiks is a Filipino fantasy-drama series that began airing on the ABS-CBN network on February 4, 2006. The series features popular local comic book stories and airs on Saturday evenings.\nThe show is currently in its fifth season. It can also be seen on TFC: The Filipino Channel.
/m/0d500h	Christine Vachon is an American film producer active in the American independent film sector and daughter of Françoise Fourestier and noted photographer John Vachon.\nChristine Vachon produced Todd Haynes' first feature, Poison, which was awarded the Grand Jury Prize at the 1991 Sundance Film Festival. Since then, she has gone on to produce many acclaimed American independent films, including Far From Heaven, Boys Don't Cry, One Hour Photo, Hedwig and the Angry Inch, Happiness, Velvet Goldmine, SAFE, I Shot Andy Warhol, Go Fish, Swoon, I'm Not There, Gigantic, Cracks. and Cairo Time. Her latest and upcoming projects include a short film collaboration with ACE Hotel and online film content producers Massify entitled \"Lulu at the Ace Hotel\" as well as a five-part HBO mini-series adaptation of James M. Cain's 1941 novel, Mildred Pierce.\nVachon also participates as a member of the Jury for the NYICFF, a paramount New York City Film Festival dedicated to screening films for children between the ages of 3 and 18.
/m/03_wvl	Jorge García is an American actor and comedian. He first came to public attention with his performance as Hector Lopez on the television show Becker and later for his portrayal of Hugo \"Hurley\" Reyes in the television series Lost. Garcia also performs as a stand-up comedian. He most recently starred in the FOX television series Alcatraz, as well as playing a minor character on ABC's Once Upon a Time.
/m/07vk9f	Fudbalski klub Vojvodina, commonly known as Vojvodina Novi Sad or simply Vojvodina, is a professional Serbian football club based in Novi Sad, Vojvodina, the second largest city in Serbia, and one of the most popular clubs in the country. In its long history, Vojvodina was one of the most successful clubs in the former Yugoslavia, winning two First League titles, in 1966 and 1989, was runners-up in 1957, 1962 and 1975, achieved the 3rd place in 1992 and finished as 5th in the competition's all-time table. Vojvodina was also runners-up of the Yugoslav Cup in 1951. They won the UEFA Intertoto Cup in 1976, the Mitropa Cup in 1977 and was also runners-up of the Mitropa Cup in 1957 and the UEFA Intertoto Cup in 1998 . From 1993 to 1997, Vojvodina achieved in the national championship the 3rd place five times in a row and was runners-up of the domestic cup in 1997. They were runners-up of the Serbian SuperLiga in 2009 and achieved the 3rd place in 2007, 2008, 2011, 2012 and 2013. Vojvodina was also runners-up of the Serbian Cup in 2007, 2010, 2011 and 2013. The club is the major part of the Vojvodina Novi Sad Sports Society and currently the third oldest football club in the Serbian SuperLiga and the most successful football club in Serbia next to the rivals Red Star Belgrade and Partizan Belgrade.
/m/02lnbg	Dance-pop is dance-oriented pop music that originated in the early 1980s. Developing from post-disco and synthpop, it is generally up-tempo music intended for clubs with the intention of being danceable but also suitable for contemporary hit radio. Dance-pop music is generally characterised by strong beats with easy, uncomplicated song structures which are generally more similar to pop music than the more free-form dance genre, with an emphasis on melody as well as catchy tunes. The genre, on the whole, tends to be producer-driven, despite some notable exceptions.\nDance-pop is a popular style and there are several artists and groups who perform in the genre. Notable ones include Justin Timberlake, Britney Spears, Usher, Jennifer Lopez, Celine Dion, Madonna, Kylie Minogue, Michael Jackson, Janet Jackson, Lady Gaga, George Michael, Paula Abdul, Spice Girls, Christina Aguilera, Katy Perry, Rihanna, Kesha and Backstreet Boys.
/m/010hn	Amy Lee Grant is an American singer-songwriter, musician, author, media personality and actress, best known for performing Christian music. She has been referred to as \"The Queen of Christian Pop\". As of 2009, Grant remains the best-selling contemporary Christian music singer ever, having sold over 30 million units worldwide.\nGrant made her debut as a teenager, and gained fame in Christian music during the 1980s with such hits as \"Father's Eyes\", \"El Shaddai\", and \"Angels\". In 1986, she scored her first Billboard Hot 100 No. 1 song in a duet with Peter Cetera, \"The Next Time I Fall\". During the 1980s and 1990s, she became one of the first CCM artists to cross over into mainstream pop on the heels of her successful albums Unguarded and Heart in Motion, the latter of which included the No. 1 single \"Baby Baby\".\nGrant has won six Grammy Awards, 25 Gospel Music Association Dove Awards, and had the first Christian album ever to go Platinum. Heart in Motion is her highest-selling album, with over five million copies sold in the United States alone. She was honored with a star on Hollywood Walk of Fame in 2005 for her contributions to the entertainment industry.
/m/06z4wj	Abe Burrows was an American humorist, author, and director for radio and the stage. He won a Tony Award and Pulitzer Prize.
/m/07_9_	A volcano is an opening, or rupture, in the surface or crust of the Earth or a planetary mass object, which allows hot lava, volcanic ash and gases to escape from the magma chamber below the surface.\nOn Earth, volcanoes are generally found where tectonic plates are diverging or converging. A mid-oceanic ridge, for example the Mid-Atlantic Ridge, has examples of volcanoes caused by divergent tectonic plates pulling apart; the Pacific Ring of Fire has examples of volcanoes caused by convergent tectonic plates coming together. By contrast, volcanoes are not usually created where two tectonic plates slide past one another. Volcanoes can also form where there is stretching and thinning of the Earth's crust in the interiors of plates, e.g., in the East African Rift and the Wells Gray-Clearwater volcanic field and Rio Grande Rift in North America. This type of volcanism falls under the umbrella of \"plate hypothesis\" volcanism. Volcanism away from plate boundaries has also been explained as mantle plumes. These so-called \"hotspots\", for example Hawaii, are postulated to arise from upwelling diapirs with magma from the core–mantle boundary, 3,000 km deep in the Earth.\nErupting volcanoes can pose many hazards, not only in the immediate vicinity of the eruption. Volcanic ash can be a threat to aircraft, in particular those with jet engines where ash particles can be melted by the high operating temperature; the melted particles then adhere to the turbine blades and alter their shape, disrupting the operation of the turbine. Large eruptions can affect temperature as ash and droplets of sulfuric acid obscure the sun and cool the Earth's lower atmosphere or troposphere; however, they also absorb heat radiated up from the Earth, thereby warming the stratosphere. Historically, so-called volcanic winters have caused catastrophic famines.
/m/01p0w_	Thomas Edward \"Thom\" Yorke is an English musician, singer, and songwriter. He is the lead vocalist, lyricist, principal songwriter, guitarist and pianist of the bands Radiohead and Atoms for Peace, known for his falsetto singing style. A multi-instrumentalist, he mainly plays guitar and piano, but also plays synthesiser, bass guitar, and drums among other instruments, and makes use of electronic equipment such as samplers and drum machines; later Radiohead albums credit him with playing \"laptop\". In the 1990s, Yorke was known as a rock musician, but the 2000 Radiohead album Kid A saw him expand into electronic music. In 2006, he released a solo album, The Eraser. Outside music, Yorke is notable as a political activist on behalf of human rights, environmentalist and anti-war causes.\nIn 2002, Q magazine named Yorke the sixth most powerful figure in music, and Radiohead were ranked number 73 in Rolling Stone's \"100 Greatest Artists of All Time\" in 2005. In 2005, a poll organised by Blender and MTV2 saw Yorke voted the 18th greatest singer of all time, and in 2008, he was ranked 66th in Rolling Stone's \"100 Greatest Singers of All Time\" list.
/m/01sh2	A carbohydrate is a large biological molecule, or macromolecule, consisting of carbon, hydrogen, and oxygen atoms, usually with a hydrogen:oxygen atom ratio of 2:1; in other words, with the empirical formula Cmn. Some exceptions exist; for example, deoxyribose, a sugar component of DNA, has the empirical formula C5H10O4. Carbohydrates are technically hydrates of carbon; structurally it is more accurate to view them as polyhydroxy aldehydes and ketones.\nThe term is most common in biochemistry, where it is a synonym of saccharide. The carbohydrates are divided into four chemical groups: monosaccharides, disaccharides, oligosaccharides, and polysaccharides. In general, the monosaccharides and disaccharides, which are smaller carbohydrates, are commonly referred to as sugars. The word saccharide comes from the Greek word σάκχαρον, meaning \"sugar.\" While the scientific nomenclature of carbohydrates is complex, the names of the monosaccharides and disaccharides very often end in the suffix -ose. For example, grape sugar is the monosaccharide glucose, cane sugar is the disaccharide sucrose, and milk sugar is the disaccharide lactose.
/m/014_xj	Iron Maiden are an English heavy metal band formed in Leyton, east London, in 1975 by bassist and primary songwriter Steve Harris. The band's discography has grown to thirty-seven albums, including fifteen studio albums, eleven live albums, four EPs, and seven compilations.\nPioneers of the New Wave of British Heavy Metal, Iron Maiden achieved initial success during the early 1980s. After several line-up changes, the band went on to release a series of US and UK platinum and gold albums, including 1982's The Number of the Beast, 1983's Piece of Mind, 1984's Powerslave, 1985's live release Live After Death, 1986's Somewhere in Time and 1988's Seventh Son of a Seventh Son. Since the return of lead vocalist Bruce Dickinson and guitarist Adrian Smith in 1999, the band have undergone a resurgence in popularity, with their latest studio offering, The Final Frontier, peaking at No. 1 in 28 different countries and receiving widespread critical acclaim.\nDespite little radio or television support, Iron Maiden are considered one of the most successful heavy metal bands in history, with The New York Times reporting in 2010 that they have sold over 85 million records worldwide. The band won the Ivor Novello Award for international achievement in 2002. As of October 2013, the band have played over 2000 live shows throughout their career. For the past 35 years, the band have been supported by their famous mascot, \"Eddie\", who has appeared on almost all of their album and single covers, as well as in their live shows.
/m/01j_x	The British Army is the land warfare branch of the British Armed Forces. It came into being in 1707, shortly after the unification of the kingdoms of England and Scotland, forming Great Britain. The new British Army succeeded the English Army, incorporating the existing Scottish regiments. It was administered by the War Office from London, which was subsumed into the Ministry of Defence in 1964. The professional head of the British Army is the Chief of the General Staff.\nThe full-time element of the British Army is referred to as the Regular Army and has been since the creation of the reservist Territorial Force in 1908. All members of the Army swear allegiance to the monarch as commander-in-chief. However, the Bill of Rights of 1689 requires Parliamentary consent for the Crown to maintain a standing army in peacetime. Parliament approves the continued existence of the Army by passing an Armed Forces Act at least once every five years. In contrast to the Royal Navy, Royal Marines and Royal Air Force, the British Army does not include Royal in its title because, after a historic struggle between Parliament and monarchy, the British Army has always been answerable to Parliament and the British people rather than the Monarch. Many of the Army's constituent regiments and corps have been granted the \"Royal\" prefix and have members of the Royal Family occupying senior honorary positions within some regiments.
/m/0947l	Milan is the second-most populous city in Italy and the capital of Lombardy. The city proper has a population of about 1.3 million, while its urban area is the 5th largest in the EU with an estimated population of about 5,248,000. The massive suburban sprawl that followed the post-war boom of the 1950s–60s and the growth of a vast commuter belt, suggest that socioeconomic linkages have expanded well beyond the boundaries of its administrative limits and its agglomeration, creating a metropolitan region of 7-9 million people, stretching over the provinces of Milan, Bergamo, Como, Lecco, Lodi, Monza and Brianza, Pavia, Varese and Novara. It has been suggested that the Milan metropolitan region is part of the so-called Blue Banana, the area of Europe with the highest population and industrial density.\nMilan is the main industrial, commercial and financial centre of Italy and a leading global city. Its business district hosts the Borsa Italiana and the headquarters of the largest national banks and companies. The city is a major world fashion and design capital. Thanks to its important museums, theatres and landmarks Milan attracts more than two million annual visitors. It hosts numerous cultural institutions and universities, with 185,000 enrolled students in 2011, i.e. 11 percent of the national total. The city is also well known for several international events and fairs, including Milan Fashion Week and the Milan Furniture Fair, the largest of its kind in the world, and will host the 2015 Universal Exposition. Milan is home to two of the world's major football teams, A.C. Milan and F.C. Internazionale Milano.
/m/02s58t	Tyrone Edmund Power, Jr., was an American film and stage actor. From 1930s to the 1950s Power appeared in dozens of films, often in swashbuckler roles or romantic leads. His better-known films include The Mark of Zorro, Blood and Sand, The Black Swan, Prince of Foxes, Witness For The Prosecution, The Black Rose, and Captain from Castile.\nThough largely a matinee idol known for his striking looks, Power starred in films from a number of genres, from drama to light comedy. In the 1950s he began placing limits on the number of films he would make in order to have time for the stage. He received his biggest accolades as a stage actor in John Brown's Body and Mister Roberts. Power died from a heart attack at the age of 44.
/m/05khh	An operating system is a collection of software that manages computer hardware resources and provides common services for computer programs. The operating system is an essential component of the system software in a computer system. Application programs usually require an operating system to function.\nTime-sharing operating systems schedule tasks for efficient use of the system and may also include accounting software for cost allocation of processor time, mass storage, printing, and other resources.\nFor hardware functions such as input and output and memory allocation, the operating system acts as an intermediary between programs and the computer hardware, although the application code is usually executed directly by the hardware and will frequently make a system call to an OS function or be interrupted by it. Operating systems can be found on almost any device that contains a computer—from cellular phones and video game consoles to supercomputers and web servers.\nExamples of popular modern operating systems include Android, BSD, iOS, Linux, OS X, QNX, Microsoft Windows, Windows Phone, and IBM z/OS. All these, except Windows, Windows Phone and z/OS, share roots in UNIX.
/m/025tjcb	Secondary school is a school which provides children with part or all of their secondary education, typically between the ages of 11-14 and 16-18, although this varies. It comes after primary school or middle school and may be followed by higher education or vocational training.
/m/02l9wl	The Royal Central School of Speech & Drama, part of the University of London since 2005, was founded by Elsie Fogerty in 1906 to offer a new form of training in speech and drama for young actors and other students. Prominent alumni include Laurence Olivier and Harold Pinter.
/m/0bv7t	Toni Morrison is an American novelist, editor, and professor. Her novels are known for their epic themes, vivid dialogue, and richly detailed characters. Among her best known novels are The Bluest Eye, Sula, Song of Solomon and Beloved. She also was commissioned to write the libretto for a new opera, Margaret Garner, first performed in 2005. She won the Pulitzer Prize in 1988 for Beloved and the Nobel Prize in 1993. On 29 May 2012, she received the Presidential Medal of Freedom.
/m/012s1d	Spider-Man is a 2002 American superhero film directed by Sam Raimi. Based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name, the film stars Tobey Maguire as Peter Parker, a high-school student who turns to crimefighting after developing spider-like powers. Spider-Man also stars Willem Dafoe as Norman Osborn, Kirsten Dunst as Peter's love interest Mary Jane Watson, and James Franco as his best friend Harry Osborn.\nAfter being stuck in development hell for nearly 25 years, the film was licensed for a worldwide release by Sony Pictures Entertainment in 1999 after it acquired options from MGM on all previous scripts developed by Cannon Films, Carolco and New Cannon. Exercising its option on just two elements from this multi-script acquisition, Sony hired David Koepp to create a working screenplay from this \"Cameron material\". Directors Roland Emmerich, Tim Burton, Chris Columbus, and David Fincher were considered to direct the project before Raimi was hired as director in 2000. The Koepp script was rewritten by Scott Rosenberg during preproduction and received a dialogue polish from Alvin Sargent during production.
/m/02bzh0	Camberwell College of Arts is a constituent college of the University of the Arts London, and is widely regarded as one of the world's foremost art and design institutions. It is located in Camberwell in south London, England, with two sites, located in Peckham Road and Wilson Road. It offers further and higher education programmes, including postgraduate and PhD awards. The College has retained single degree options within Fine Art, offering specialist Bachelor of Arts courses in painting, sculpture, photography and drawing. The College also runs graduate and postgraduate courses in art conservation and fine art as well as Design Courses such as Graphic Design, Illustration and 3D design. It is especially becoming known as a leader in the education of contemporary Illustration.
/m/0tz41	Newburyport is a small, coastal city in Essex County, Massachusetts, United States, 35 miles northeast of Boston. The population was 17,416 at the 2010 census. A historic seaport with a vibrant tourism industry, Newburyport includes part of Plum Island. The mooring, winter storage and maintenance of recreational boats, motor and sail, still contribute a large part of the city's income. A Coast Guard station oversees boating activity, especially in the swift tidal currents of the Merrimack River.\nAt the edge of the Newbury Marshes, delineating Newburyport to the south, an industrial park provides a wide range of jobs. Newburyport is on a major north-south highway, Interstate 95. The outer circumferential highway of Boston, Interstate 495, passes nearby in Amesbury. The Newburyport Turnpike still traverses Newburyport on its way north. The commuter rail line to Boston ends in a new station at Newburyport. The earlier Boston and Maine Railroad leading further north was discontinued, but a portion of it has been converted into a recreation trail.
/m/02hp70	The University of New Hampshire is a public research university in the University System of New Hampshire, in the United States. The main campus is in Durham, New Hampshire, in the Seacoast region of the state. An additional campus is located in Manchester, and the University of New Hampshire School of Law is located in Concord. The law school is renowned for its intellectual property law programs, consistently ranking in the top ten of U.S. News & World Report rankings.\nWith over 15,000 students, UNH is the largest university in the state. The university is one of only nine land, sea and space grant institutions in the nation. Since July 1, 2007, Mark W. Huddleston has served as the university's 19th president.\nThe University of New Hampshire was ranked as having the 4th most expensive in-state tuition for a public 4-year college in the country by the Department of Education in 2012. In 2004, UNH was the only public institution in New England to rank in the top 10 of number of Fulbright fellowships awarded, with five graduates receiving grants. In the same year, UNH was ranked the 10th best entrepreneurial college in the nation by The Princeton Review. According to U.S. News & World Report's \"America's Best Colleges\" listings, the University of New Hampshire is a \"more selective\" national university, placing it in the first out of five tiers of competitiveness when it comes to admissions standards. Due to its extensive efforts in the area of sustainability, UNH was one of 15 highest scoring schools on the College Sustainability Report Card 2009, with the Sustainable Endowments Institute awarding it a grade of \"A-\". In 2012, UNH was named the 6th \"coolest school\" in the country by Sierra magazine for its efforts in sustainability.
/m/026f__m	Meet Dave is a 2008 American family comedy science-fiction film directed by Brian Robbins and starring Eddie Murphy. The film was written by Bill Corbett and Rob Greenberg. The film was released by 20th Century Fox and Regency Enterprises on July 11, 2008.
/m/03115z	Mandarin is a group of related varieties of Chinese spoken across most of northern and southwestern China. Because most Mandarin dialects are found in the north, the group is also referred to as the \"northern dialect\". When the Mandarin group is taken as one language, as is often done in academic literature, it has more native speakers than any other language.\nA northeastern-dialect speaker and a southwestern-dialect speaker may have difficulty communicating except through the standard language. Nonetheless, there is much less variation across the huge Mandarin area than between the non-Mandarin varieties of southeast China. This is attributed to the greater ease of travel and communication in the North China Plain compared to the more mountainous south, combined with the relatively recent spread of Mandarin to frontier areas.\nFor most of Chinese history, the capital has been within the Mandarin area, making these dialects very influential. Since the 14th century, some form of Mandarin has served as a national lingua franca. In the early 20th century, a standard form based on the Beijing dialect, with elements from other Mandarin dialects, was adopted as the national language. Standard Chinese, which is also referred to as \"Mandarin\", is the official language of the People's Republic of China and the Republic of China and one of the four official languages of Singapore. It is also one of the most frequently used varieties of Chinese among Chinese diaspora communities internationally.
/m/022lly	Ball State University is a public research university located in Muncie, Indiana, United States. On July 25, 1917, the Ball Brothers, industrialists and founders of the Ball Corporation, acquired the foreclosed Indiana Normal Institute for $35,100 and gifted the school and surrounding land to Indiana. The Indiana General Assembly accepted it in the spring of 1918, with the initial 235 students enrolling at the Indiana State Normal School–Eastern Division on June 17, 1918.\nBall State is classified by the Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education as a high research activity university and a member of the American Association of State Colleges and Universities. The university is composed of seven academic colleges, including the College of Architecture and Planning, the College of Communication, Information, and Media, the Miller College of Business, and Teachers College. Other academic institutions include Burris Laboratory School and the Indiana Academy for Science, Mathematics, and Humanities.\nTotal 2013 enrollment consists of 21,053 students, 16,652 undergraduate students and 4,401 graduate students. Ball State University students hail from 48 states, two U.S. territories, 43 countries, and every one of Indiana's 92 counties. The university offers about 180 undergraduate majors and 130 minor areas of study, 175 bachelor's, 103 master's, and 17 doctoral degrees. Ball State athletic teams compete in Division I of the NCAA and are known as the Ball State Cardinals. The university is a member of the Mid-American Conference.
/m/088tp3	Digimon Adventure 02, commonly referred to as Digimon Zero Two and known as the second season of Digimon: Digital Monsters outside of Japan, is a children's television anime series produced by Toei Animation. It is the second series in the Digimon franchise, which takes place three years following the events of the previous season, Digimon Adventure. The series aired in Japan between April 2, 2000, and March 25, 2001. An English language dub produced by Saban Entertainment aired in North America between August 19, 2000, and May 19, 2001. It was succeeded by Digimon Tamers, which takes place in its own timeline.
/m/0jgk3	Broward County is a county located in the U.S. state of Florida. As of 2010, the population was 1,748,066, making it the second most populated county in the state. Its county seat is Fort Lauderdale.\nIt is also the eighteenth most populous county in the United States and one of three counties that comprise the Miami metropolitan area.
/m/0xff	Arab people, also known as Arabic people, Arabs Arabian people and Arabians, are a panethnic group primarily inhabiting Western Asia, North Africa, and parts of the Horn of Africa. Their language is Arabic which is of the Afroasiatic family and traditionally Hamito-Semitic. They are identified as such on one or more of genealogical, linguistic or cultural grounds, with tribal affiliations and intra-tribal relationships playing an important part of Arab identity. Most however have direct or partial ancestral relation to the nomadic indigenous inhabitants of the Arabian peninsula, Northeast Africa and the Syrian desert, known as Qahtanite, Adnanite and Berber Arabs. After the genesis of Islam in the mid-7th century, most Arabs have been Muslims, spreading the Arab people, Arabic language and culture as far as North Africa and Central Asia.\nThe word \"Arab\" has had several different, but overlapping, meanings over the centuries. In addition to including all ethnically Arab and Arabized people of the world, it has also at times been used exclusively for bedouin. It is sometimes used that way colloquially even today in some places. Townspeople once were sometimes called \"sons of the Arabs.\" As in the case of other ethnicities or nations, people identify themselves as \"Arabs\" to varying degrees. This may not be one's primary identity, and whether it is emphasized may depend upon one's audience. If the diverse Arab pan-ethnicity is regarded as a single ethnic group, then it constitutes one of the world's largest after Han Chinese.
/m/01n951	Columbia Law School is a professional graduate school of Columbia University, a member of the Ivy League. Columbia is regarded as one of the most prestigious law schools in the nation and is consistently ranked in the top five by the U.S. News and World Report.\nFounded in 1858, Columbia has produced a large number of distinguished alumni including two Presidents of the United States; nine Justices of the Supreme Court of the United States; numerous U.S. Cabinet members and Presidential advisers; U.S. Senators, Representatives, and Governors; academicians and diplomats, civil rights and human rights activists, as well as prominent non-U.S. government judicial and political figures. Columbia also has more alumni in the Forbes 400 than any other law school.\nFor its teaching and scholarship, Columbia is lauded in international and comparative law, corporate and securities law, administrative law, bankruptcy law, commercial law, criminal law and procedure, critical race theory, gender studies, intellectual property, labor and employment law, and human rights law. Constitutional law, family law, law and economics, and tax law, among others, are also exceptionally strong. Columbia has a storied job placement rate in general, but is especially well known for its strength in corporate law and its placement power in the nation's elite law firms.
/m/01fxck	Vincent Gallo is an American actor, director, musician and painter. Though he has had minor roles in mainstream films such as Goodfellas, Arizona Dream, The Funeral and Palookaville, he is most associated with independent movies, including Buffalo '66, which he wrote, directed, scored and starred in and The Brown Bunny, which he also wrote, directed, produced, starred in and photographed. In the late 1970s and early 1980s, Gallo was a painter in the New York City art scene showing with famed art dealer Annina Nosei, performed in a rap duo and was part of the first hip-hop television broadcast Graffiti Rock, and played in an industrial band called Bohack which released an album titled It Took Several Wives. In the early 2000s, he released several solo recordings on WARP records. Gallo is known for his outspoken views and generally sarcastic nature, once stating: \"I stopped painting in 1990 at the peak of my success just to deny people my beautiful paintings; and I did it out of spite.\"\nGallo was awarded the Coppa Volpi for Best Actor at the 67th Venice International Film Festival for his performance as a wordless escaping Muslim prisoner in Jerzy Skolimowski's Essential Killing. His own feature film Promises Written in Water, which he wrote, directed, produced and starred in, also screened in Competition at the festival. In early 2012 Gallo took part in the three-month exposition of Whitney Biennial.
/m/02_06s	You Can Count on Me is a 2000 American drama film starring Laura Linney, Mark Ruffalo, Rory Culkin, and Matthew Broderick. Written and directed by Kenneth Lonergan, it tells the story of Sammy, a single mother living in a small town, and her complicated relationships with family and friends. The story takes place in the fictionalized Catskill communities of Scottsville and Auburn, New York. The film was primarily shot in and around Margaretville, New York.\nThe film and Linney's performance received numerous positive reviews among critics, and dozens of award nominations and awards at film festivals and during the awards season, including two Oscar nominations.
/m/047rgpy	A music executive or record executive is a person within a record label who works in senior management, making executive decisions over the label's artists. Their role varies greatly but in essence, they can oversee one, or many, aspects of a record label, including A&R, contracts, management, publishing, production, manufacture, marketing/promotion, distribution, copyright, and touring.
/m/06s26c	Jon Peters is an American movie producer.
/m/09b83	Strasbourg is the capital and principal city of the Alsace region in eastern France and is the official seat of the European Parliament. Located close to the border with Germany, it is the capital of the Bas-Rhin département. The city and the region of Alsace are historically German-speaking, explaining the city's Germanic name. In 2006, the city proper had 272,975 inhabitants and its urban community 467,375 inhabitants. With 759,868 inhabitants in 2010, Strasbourg's metropolitan area is the ninth largest in France. The transnational Eurodistrict Strasbourg-Ortenau had a population of 884,988 inhabitants in 2008.\nStrasbourg is the seat of several European institutions, such as the Council of Europe and the Eurocorps, as well as the European Parliament and the European Ombudsman of the European Union. The city is also the seat of the Central Commission for Navigation on the Rhine and the International Institute of Human Rights.
/m/0hskw	Mike Nichols is a German-born American television, stage and film director, writer, producer and comedian. He began his career in the 1950s with the improv troupe, the Compass Players, predecessor of the Second City in Chicago and as one half of the comedy duo Nichols and May, along with Elaine May. May was also in the Compass. In 1968 he won the Academy Award for Best Director for the film The Graduate. His other noteworthy films include Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?, Carnal Knowledge, Silkwood, Working Girl, Closer and the TV mini-series Angels in America. He also staged the original theatrical productions of Barefoot in the Park, Luv, The Odd Couple and Spamalot.\nNichols is one of a small group of people who have won an Emmy, Grammy, Oscar, and Tony Award. His other honors include the Lincoln Center Gala Tribute in 1999, the National Medal of Arts in 2001, the Kennedy Center Honors in 2003 and the AFI Life Achievement Award in 2010.
/m/01bcq	Blythe Katherine Danner is an American actress. She is known for her portrayal as Will Truman's mother, Marilyn, on Will & Grace and for her role in the 2000 comedy hit Meet the Parents, and its sequels, Meet the Fockers and Little Fockers. She is the mother of actress Gwyneth Paltrow and director Jake Paltrow.
/m/05d7rk	Saeed Jaffrey OBE is an Indian-born British actor, who has appeared in numerous British movies. He was born in Malerkotla, Punjab. His film credits include The Man Who Would Be King, Shatranj Ke Khiladi, Gandhi, A Passage to India, The Far Pavilions, and My Beautiful Laundrette. He has also appeared in many Bollywood films in the 1980s and 1990s. For television he has starred in Gangsters, The Jewel in the Crown, Tandoori Nights and Little Napoleons. He also appeared as Ravi Desai on Coronation Street as the father of Vikram Desai, the cousin of Dev Alahan and in Minder as Mr Mukerjee in Series 1 episode The Bengal Tiger.
/m/0h6sv	Edward Benjamin Britten, Baron Britten, OM, CH was an English composer, conductor and pianist. He was a central figure of 20th-century British classical music, with a range of works including opera, other vocal music, orchestral and chamber pieces. His best-known works include the opera Peter Grimes, the War Requiem and the orchestral showpiece The Young Person's Guide to the Orchestra.\nBorn in Suffolk, the son of a dentist, Britten showed talent from an early age. He studied at the Royal College of Music in London and privately with the composer Frank Bridge. Britten first came to public attention with the a cappella choral work A Boy Was Born in 1934. With the premiere of Peter Grimes in 1945, he leapt to international fame. Over the next 28 years, he wrote 14 more operas, establishing himself as one of the leading 20th-century composers in the genre. In addition to large-scale operas for Sadler's Wells and Covent Garden, he wrote \"chamber operas\" for small forces, suitable for performance in venues of modest size. Among the best known of these is The Turn of the Screw. Recurring themes in the operas are the struggle of an outsider against a hostile society, and the corruption of innocence.
/m/0f2nf	New Haven is the second-largest city in Connecticut after Bridgeport and the sixth-largest in New England with a population at the 2010 United States Census of 129,779 people. According to a census done by the Census Bureau as of July 1, 2012, the city had a population of 130,741. New Haven is the principal municipality in Greater New Haven, which had a total population of 862,477 in 2010. It is located on New Haven Harbor on the northern shore of Long Island Sound in New Haven County, which in turn comprises a part of the New York metropolitan area.\nNew Haven was founded in 1638 by English Puritans, and a year later eight streets were laid out in a four-by-four grid, creating what is now commonly known as the \"Nine Square Plan\", now recognized by the American Institute of Certified Planners as a National Planning Landmark. The central common block is New Haven Green, a 16-acre square, now a National Historic Landmark and the center of Downtown New Haven.\nNew Haven is the home of the Ivy League school Yale University. The university is an integral part of the city's economy, being New Haven's biggest taxpayer and employer, as noted in the Mayor's 2010 State of the City address. Health care, professional services, financial services, and retail trade also help to form an economic base for the city.
/m/04954r	Around the World in 80 Days is a 1956 adventure comedy film starring David Niven and Cantinflas, produced by the Michael Todd Company and released by United Artists.\nThe epic picture was directed by Michael Anderson and produced by Mike Todd, with Kevin McClory and William Cameron Menzies as associate producers. The screenplay was written by James Poe, John Farrow, and S. J. Perelman based on the classic novel of the same name by Jules Verne. The music score was composed by Victor Young, and the Todd-AO 70 mm cinematography was by Lionel Lindon. The film's seven-minute-long animated title sequence, shown at the end of the film, was created by award-winning designer Saul Bass.\nThe film won five Academy Awards, including Best Picture.
/m/0cbn7c	The Maltese Falcon is a 1941 Warner Bros. film noir based on the novel of the same name by Dashiell Hammett. Directed by John Huston, the film stars Humphrey Bogart as private investigator Sam Spade and Mary Astor as his \"femme fatale\" client. Gladys George, Peter Lorre, and Sydney Greenstreet co-star, with Greenstreet appearing in his film debut. The Maltese Falcon was Huston's directorial debut and was nominated for three Academy Awards.\nThe story follows a San Francisco private detective and his dealings with three unscrupulous adventurers, all of whom are competing to obtain a jewel-encrusted falcon statuette.\nThe Maltese Falcon has been named as one of the greatest films of all time by Roger Ebert and Entertainment Weekly, and was cited by Panorama du Film Noir Américain as the first major film noir.\nThe film premiered on October 3, 1941, in New York City, and was selected for inclusion in the Library of Congress' National Film Registry in 1989.
/m/0bzrsh	The 1986 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament involved 64 schools playing in single-elimination play to determine the national champion of men's NCAA Division I college basketball. It began on March 13, 1986, and ended with the championship game on March 31 in Dallas, Texas. A total of 63 games were played.\nLouisville, coached by Denny Crum, won the national title with a 72-69 victory in the final game over Duke, coached by Mike Krzyzewski. Pervis Ellison of Louisville was named the tournament's Most Outstanding Player.\nThe 1986 NCAA Men's Basketball Championship Tournament was the first tournament to use a shot clock limiting the amount of time for any one offensive possession by a team prior to taking a shot at the basket. Beginning with the 1986 tournament, the shot clock was set at 45 seconds, which it would remain until being shortened to 35 seconds beginning in the 1994 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament.\nLSU's 1985-86 team is tied for the lowest-seeded team to ever make the Final Four. As of 2013, they are the only team in tournament history to beat the top 3 seeds from their region. LSU began its run to the Final Four by winning two games on its home court, leading to a change two years later which prohibited teams from playing NCAA tournament games on a court which they have played four or more games in the regular season. Cleveland State University became the first #14 seed to reach the Sweet Sixteen, losing to their fellow underdog, Navy, by a single point. This was also the first year in which two #14 seeds reached the second round in the same year, as Arkansas-Little Rock beat #3-seed Notre Dame; however, they lost their second-round game in overtime. Both feats have only occurred one other time. Chattanooga reached the Sweet Sixteen as a 14-seed in 1997, and Old Dominion and Weber State both reached the second round as 14-seeds in 1995.
/m/017rbx	The Royal College of Music is a conservatoire established by royal charter in 1882, located in South Kensington, London, UK. The college regularly ranks as one of the world's leading conservatoires.\nThe college's buildings are on Prince Consort Road, next to Imperial College, directly opposite the Royal Albert Hall, near the Royal College of Art and five minutes' walk from the Science, Natural History and Victoria and Albert museums.
/m/0tbql	Wichita WICH-ə-taw is the largest city in the U.S. state of Kansas and the 49th-largest city in the United States. Located in south-central Kansas on the Arkansas River, Wichita is the county seat of Sedgwick County and the principal city of the Wichita metropolitan area. As of the 2010 United States Census, the city population was 382,368; as of 2012, it was estimated to have increased to 385,577. In 2012, the estimated population of the Wichita metropolitan area was 636,105, and that of the larger Wichita-Winfield combined statistical area was 672,393.\nThe city began as a trading post on the Chisholm Trail in the 1860s, then was incorporated in 1870. It subsequently became a key destination for cattle drives traveling north from Texas to access railroads, earning it the nickname \"Cowtown\". In the 1920s and 1930s, businessmen and aeronautical engineers established a number of successful aircraft manufacturing companies in Wichita including Beechcraft, Cessna, and Stearman Aircraft. The city transformed into a hub of U.S. aircraft production and became known as \"The Air Capital of the World\". Beechcraft, Cessna, and other firms including Boeing, Learjet, and Spirit AeroSystems continue to operate factories in Wichita today, and the city remains a major center of the U.S. aircraft industry.
/m/094tsh6	Rick Kline is an American sound engineer. He has been nominated for eleven Academy Awards in the category Best Sound. He has worked on more than 200 films since 1978.
/m/0fb0v	Geffen Records is an American record label, owned by Universal Music Group, which operates as one third of the Interscope Geffen A&M label group.
/m/03w5xm	Customer service is the provision of service to customers before, during and after a purchase. According to Turban et al., \"Customer service is a series of activities designed to enhance the level of customer satisfaction – that is, the feeling that a product or service has met the customer expectation.\"\nThe importance of customer service may vary by product or service, industry and customer. The perception of success of such interactions will be dependent on employees \"who can adjust themselves to the personality of the guest,\" according to Micah Solomon. From the point of view of an overall sales process engineering effort, customer service plays an important role in an organization's ability to generate income and revenue. From that perspective, customer service should be included as part of an overall approach to systematic improvement. A customer service experience can change the entire perception a customer has of the organization.\nSome have argued that the quality and level of customer service has decreased in recent years, and that this can be attributed to a lack of support or understanding at the executive and middle management levels of a corporation and/or a customer service policy. To address this argument, many organizations have employed a variety of methods to improve their customer satisfaction levels, and other key performance indicators.
/m/024n3z	Karl-Heinz Urban is a New Zealand actor. He is best known for playing Éomer in the second and third installments of Peter Jackson's The Lord of the Rings trilogy, Dr. Leonard \"Bones\" McCoy in Star Trek and Star Trek Into Darkness, Cupid and Julius Caesar in Xena: Warrior Princess, Vaako in The Chronicles of Riddick and Riddick, and Judge Dredd in the 2012 film Dredd. He won acclaim for his performances in New Zealand films The Price of Milk and Out of the Blue. He is currently playing the main character John Kennex in the television series Almost Human.
/m/02z9rr	Waterworld is a 1995 American post-apocalyptic science fiction film directed by Kevin Reynolds and co-written by Peter Rader and David Twohy. It was based on Rader's original 1986 screenplay and stars Kevin Costner, who also produced it with Charles Gordon and John Davis. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.\nThe setting of the film is the distant future. Although no exact date was given in the film itself, it has been suggested that it takes place in 2500. The polar ice caps have completely melted, and the sea level has risen many hundreds of feet, covering nearly all the land. The film illustrates this with an unusual variation on the Universal logo, which begins with the usual image of Earth, but shows the planet's water levels gradually rising and the polar ice caps melting until nearly all the land is submerged. The plot of the film centers on an otherwise nameless antihero, \"The Mariner\", a drifter who sails the Earth in his trimaran.\nThe most expensive film ever made at the time, Waterworld was released to mixed reviews, praising the futuristic style but criticizing the characterization and acting performances. The film also was unable to recoup its massive budget at the box office; however, the production did later break even due to video and other post-cinema sales. The film's release was accompanied by a tie-in novel, video game, and three themed attractions at Universal Studios Hollywood, Universal Studios Singapore, and Universal Studios Japan called Waterworld: A Live Sea War Spectacular, which are all still running as of 2014.
/m/09472	Sparta, or Lacedaemon, was a prominent city-state in ancient Greece, situated on the banks of the Eurotas River in Laconia, in south-eastern Peloponnese. It emerged as a political entity around the 10th century BC, when the invading Dorians subjugated the local, non-Dorian population. Around 650 BC, it rose to become the dominant military land-power in ancient Greece.\nGiven its military pre-eminence, Sparta was recognized as the overall leader of the combined Greek forces during the Greco-Persian Wars. Between 431 and 404 BC, Sparta was the principal enemy of Athens during the Peloponnesian War, from which it emerged victorious, though at great cost. Sparta's defeat by Thebes in the Battle of Leuctra in 371 BC ended Sparta's prominent role in Greece. However, it maintained its political independence until the Roman conquest of Greece in 146 BC. It then underwent a long period of decline, especially in the Middle Ages, when many Spartans moved to live in Mystras. Modern Sparta is the capital of the Greek regional unit of Laconia and a center for the processing of goods such as citrus and olives.
/m/0dz46	Lloyd Chudley Alexander was a widely influential American author of more than forty books, primarily fantasy novels for children and young adults. His most famous work is The Chronicles of Prydain, a series of five high fantasy novels whose conclusion, The High King, was awarded the 1969 Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature. He won U.S. National Book Awards in 1971 and 1982.\nAlexander was one creator of the children's literary magazine Cricket.
/m/098phg	The Province of Rome is one of the five provinces of Lazio, Italy. The province of Rome is the most populous of Italy, hosting the metropolitan area of Rome.
/m/0161h5	Dame Angela Brigid Lansbury, DBE is a London-born American actress and singer who has appeared in theatre, television, and films. Her career has spanned seven decades, much of it based in the United States, and her work has attracted international attention.\nLansbury was born in the Regent's Park area of the metropolitan borough of St Pancras, central London to actress Moyna MacGill and politician Edgar Lansbury. In 1940, she moved to New York City in the United States, where she studied acting. Proceeding to Hollywood, Los Angeles in 1942, she signed to MGM and got her first film roles, in Gaslight and The Picture of Dorian Gray, earning two Oscar nominations and a Golden Globe Award. She appeared in eleven further MGM films, mostly in minor roles, and after her contract ended in 1952 she began supplementing her cinematic work with theatrical appearances. Although her appearance in the film adaptation of The Manchurian Candidate was widely acclaimed, she only gained theatrical stardom for her starring role in the Broadway musical Mame. Relocating from California to County Cork, Ireland in 1970, she continued with a variety of theatrical and cinematic appearances throughout that decade.
/m/06449	Philip Morris Glass is an American composer. He is considered one of the most influential music makers of the late 20th century. His music is also often controversially described as minimal music, along with the work of the other \"major minimalists\" La Monte Young, Terry Riley and Steve Reich.\nGlass has distanced himself from the \"minimalist\" label, describing himself instead as a composer of \"music with repetitive structures\". Though his early mature music shares much with what is normally called \"minimalist\", he has since evolved stylistically. Currently, he describes himself as a \"Classicist\", pointing out that he is trained in harmony and counterpoint and studied such composers as Franz Schubert, Johann Sebastian Bach and Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart with Nadia Boulanger.\nGlass is a prolific composer: he has written works for the musical group which he founded, the Philip Glass Ensemble, as well as operas, musical theatre works, ten symphonies, eleven concertos, solo works, chamber music including string quartets and instrumental sonatas, and film scores. Three of his film scores have been nominated for Academy Awards.
/m/06g60w	Robert L. Surtees, A.S.C. was an American cinematographer who won Academy Awards three times, for the films King Solomon's Mines, The Bad and the Beautiful and the 1959 version of Ben Hur.
/m/09b8m	Kingston is the capital and largest city of Jamaica, located on the southeastern coast of the island. It faces a natural harbour protected by the Palisadoes, a long sand spit which connects the town of Port Royal and the Norman Manley International Airport to the rest of the island. In the Americas, Kingston is the largest predominantly English-speaking city south of the United States.\nThe local government bodies of the parishes of Kingston and St. Andrew were amalgamated by the Kingston and St. Andrew Corporation Act of 1923, to form the Kingston and St. Andrew Corporation. Greater Kingston, or the \"Corporate Area\" refers to those areas under the KSAC; however, it does not solely refer to Kingston Parish, which only consists of the old downtown and Port Royal. Kingston Parish had a population of 96,052, and St. Andrew parish had a population of 555,828 in 2001. Kingston is only bordered by Saint Andrew to the east, west and north. The geographical border for the parish of Kingston encompasses the following communities, Tivoli Gardens, Denham Town, downtown Kingston, National Heroes Park, Kingston Gardens, Rae Town, Bournemouth Gardens, Norman Gardens, Springfield, Rennock Lodge, Port Royal along with portions of Allman Town, Franklyn Town and Rollington Town.
/m/08kp57	Mohnish Bahl is an Indian actor working in the Indian film industry and on Indian television.
/m/079yb	Siena is a city in Tuscany, Italy. It is the capital of the province of Siena.\nThe historic centre of Siena has been declared by UNESCO a World Heritage Site. It is one of the nation's most visited tourist attractions, with over 163,000 international arrivals in 2008. Siena is famous for its cuisine, art, museums, medieval cityscape and the Palio, a horse race held twice a year.
/m/03c17w7	The Florida Department of Environmental Protection is the Florida government agency charged with environmental protection.
/m/02kj7g	The Boston Latin School is a public exam school founded on April 23, 1635, in Boston, Massachusetts. It is both the first public school and oldest existing school in the United States. The Public Latin School was a bastion for educating the sons of the Boston elite, resulting in the school claiming many prominent Bostonians as alumni. Its curriculum follows that of the 18th century Latin-school movement, which holds the classics to be the basis of an educated mind. Four years of Latin are mandatory for all pupils who enter the school in 7th grade, three years for those who enter in 9th. In 2007 the school was named one of the top twenty high schools in the United States by U.S. News & World Report. As of 2012, the school is listed under the gold medal list, ranking 62 out of the top 100 high schools in the United States by U.S. News & World Report. The school was named a 2011 Blue Ribbon School of Excellence, the U.S. Department of Education's highest award.
/m/0466s8n	The Road is a 2009 post-apocalyptic drama directed by John Hillcoat and written by Joe Penhall. The film is based on the Pulitzer Prize-winning 2006 novel of the same name by American author Cormac McCarthy, the film stars Viggo Mortensen and Kodi Smit-McPhee as a father and his son in a post-apocalyptic wasteland. Filming took place in Pennsylvania, Louisiana, and Oregon. The film received a limited release in North American cinemas from November 25, 2009, and was released in UK cinemas on January 4, 2010.
/m/0j1yf	Justin Randall Timberlake is an American singer-songwriter, actor, record producer, businessman, and philanthropist. Born in Memphis, Tennessee, he appeared on the television shows Star Search and The All-New Mickey Mouse Club as a child. In the late 1990s, Timberlake rose to prominence as one of the two lead vocalists and youngest member of the boy band 'N Sync, whose launch was financed by Lou Pearlman.\nDuring the group's hiatus, Timberlake released his solo studio albums Justified and FutureSex/LoveSounds; the former spawned hits \"Cry Me a River\" and \"Rock Your Body\", while the latter debuted atop the U.S. Billboard 200 and produced the Billboard Hot 100 number-one singles \"SexyBack\", \"My Love\", and \"What Goes Around... Comes Around\". With each album exceeding sales of seven million copies worldwide, he was established as one of the most commercially successful singers. From 2007 through 2012, Timberlake focused on his acting career, effectively putting his music career on hiatus; he held starring roles in the films The Social Network, Bad Teacher, In Time, and Friends with Benefits.\nIn 2013, Timberlake resumed his music career with his third and fourth albums The 20/20 Experience and The 20/20 Experience – 2 of 2. The former became one of the best-selling records of the year and spawned hits \"Suit & Tie\" and \"Mirrors\", while the latter is preceded by lead single \"Take Back the Night\". Timberlake's work has earned him nine Grammy Awards and four Emmy Awards. His other ventures include record label Tennman Records, fashion label William Rast, and the restaurants Destino and Southern Hospitality.
/m/02x0gk1	The Animation of the Year of the Japan Academy Prize is one of the annual Awards given by the Nippon Academy-sho association.
/m/02wzl1d	The 65th Golden Globe Awards, honoring the best in film and television of 2007, were scheduled to be presented by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association on January 13, 2008. However, due to the Writers Guild of America strike, the traditional awards ceremony did not take place; instead, the winners were announced at a news conference at 6:00 pm PST on that day.\nThe Association attempted to reach an interim agreement with the Writers Guild to allow its members to write for the ceremonies. When a compromise fell through, striking writers threatened to picket the event; almost all of the celebrities planning to attend, including members of the Screen Actors Guild who pledged their support for the strike, promised to boycott the awards rather than cross the picket lines.\nTo compensate for lost programming time, NBC broadcast a special two-hour edition of Dateline, including film clips, interviews with the nominees, plus commentary from comedian Kathy Griffin and Tiki Barber, Jerome Bettis, and Cris Collinsworth from Football Night in America, starting at 7:00pm EST; a one-hour Hollywood Foreign Press Association news conference announcing the winners at The Beverly Hilton Hotel starting at 9:00pm EST; and a one-hour edition of Access Hollywood visiting sites of the various previously-scheduled parties, starting at 10:00pm EST.
/m/0879bpq	Arthur Christmas is a 2011 British/American 3-D computer animated Christmas comedy film, produced by Aardman Animations and Sony Pictures Animation as their first collaborative project. The film was released on November 11, 2011, in the UK, and on November 23, 2011, in the USA.\nDirected by Sarah Smith, it features voices of James McAvoy, Hugh Laurie, Bill Nighy, Jim Broadbent, Imelda Staunton, Ashley Jensen, Marc Wootton, Laura Linney, Eva Longoria, Ramona Marquez and Michael Palin. Set on Christmas night, the film tells a story about the Santa Claus' clumsy son Arthur Christmas who discovers that the Santas' high-tech ship has failed to deliver one girl's present, goes on a mission to save her Christmas, accompanied only by his aging grandfather, a rebellious yet enthusiastic young Christmas Elf obsessed with wrapping gifts for children, and a team of eight strong, magical yet untrained reindeer.\nArthur Christmas was very well received by critics, who praised its animation and humorous, smart and heart-warming story. The film was slightly less successful at the box office, earning only $147 million on a $100 million budget.
/m/0443v1	The X-Files is a 1998 American science fiction-thriller film written by Chris Carter and Frank Spotnitz, and directed by Rob Bowman. It is the first feature film based on The X-Files series created by Carter that revolves around fictional unsolved cases called the X-Files and the characters solving them. Four main characters from the television series appear in the film: David Duchovny, Gillian Anderson, Mitch Pileggi and William B. Davis reprise their respective roles as FBI agents Fox Mulder and Dana Scully, FBI Assistant Director Walter Skinner and the Cigarette-Smoking Man. The film's tagline and sub-title is Fight the Future.\nThe story follows agents Mulder and Scully, removed from their usual jobs on the X-Files, and investigating the bombing of a building and the destruction of criminal evidence. They uncover what appears to be a government conspiracy attempting to hide the truth about an alien colonization of Earth. Viewed in the context of The X-Files chronology, the film's story takes place between seasons five and six of the television series, and is based upon the series' extraterrestrial mythology.
/m/01_5bb	Monmouthshire is a county in south east Wales. The name derives from the historic county of Monmouthshire of which it covers the eastern 60%. The largest town is Abergavenny. Other towns and large villages are Caldicot, Chepstow, Monmouth, Magor and Usk.
/m/0zpfy	Johnstown is a city in Cambria County, Pennsylvania, 41 miles west-southwest of Altoona, Pennsylvania and 70 miles east of Pittsburgh. The population was 20,978 at the 2010 census. It is the principal city of the Johnstown, Pennsylvania, Metropolitan Statistical Area, which includes Cambria County.
/m/01c0cc	The Technische Universität Berlin, known as TU Berlin for short and unofficially as the Technical University of Berlin or Berlin Institute of Technology, is a research university located in Berlin, Germany and one of the largest and most prestigious research and education institutions in Germany. The university was founded in 1879. It has the highest proportion of foreign students out of universities in Germany, with 20.9% in the summer semester of 2007, roughly 5,598 students. The university alumni and professor list include National Academies elections, two National Medal of Science laureates and ten Nobel Prize winners.\nThe TU Berlin is a member of TU9, an incorporated society of the largest and most notable German institutes of technology and of the Top Industrial Managers for Europe network, which allows for student exchanges between leading European engineering schools. It also belongs to the Conference of European Schools for Advanced Engineering Education and Research. As of 2012, TU Berlin is ranked 45th in the world in the field of Engineering & Technology and 1st in Germany in Mathematics according to QS World University Rankings. The university is known for its high ranked engineering programmes, especially in mechanical engineering and engineering management.
/m/01wdl3	The University of Alabama is a public research university located in Tuscaloosa, Alabama, USA, and the flagship of the University of Alabama System. Founded in 1831, UA is one of the oldest and the largest of the universities in Alabama. UA offers programs of study in 13 academic divisions leading to bachelor's, master's, Education Specialist, and doctoral degrees. The only publicly supported law school in the state is at UA. Other academic programs unavailable elsewhere in Alabama include doctoral programs in anthropology, library and information studies, metallurgical engineering, music, Romance languages, and social work. The university is ranked first among public institutions and fourth out of all universities in the 2012–2013 enrollment of National Merit Scholars with 241 enrolled in the fall 2012 freshman class.\nAs one of the first public universities established in the early 19th century southwestern frontier of the United States, the University of Alabama has left a vast cultural imprint on the state, region and nation over the past two centuries. The school was a center of activity during the American Civil War and the African-American Civil Rights Movement. The University of Alabama varsity football program, which was inaugurated in 1892, ranks as one of 10 winningest programs in US history. In a 1913 speech then-president George H. Denny extolled the university as the \"capstone of the public school system in the state [of Alabama],\" lending the university its current nickname, The Capstone.
/m/02g3w	Theodor Seuss Geisel was an American writer, poet, and cartoonist. He was most widely known for his children's books written and illustrated as Dr. Seuss. He had used the pen name Dr. Theophrastus Seuss in college and later used Theo LeSieg and Rosetta Stone.\nGeisel published 46 children's books, often characterized by imaginative characters, rhyme, and frequent use of anapestic meter. His most-celebrated books include the bestselling Green Eggs and Ham, The Cat in the Hat, The Lorax, One Fish Two Fish Red Fish Blue Fish, The 500 Hats of Bartholomew Cubbins, Fox in Socks, The King's Stilts, Hop on Pop, Thidwick the Big-Hearted Moose, Horton Hatches the Egg, Horton Hears a Who!, and How the Grinch Stole Christmas!. His works have spawned numerous adaptations, including 11 television specials, four feature films, a Broadway musical and four television series. He won the Lewis Carroll Shelf Award in 1958 for Horton Hatches the Egg and again in 1961 for And to Think That I Saw It on Mulberry Street. Geisel also worked as an illustrator for advertising campaigns, most notably for Flit and Standard Oil, and as a political cartoonist for PM, a New York City newspaper. During World War II, he worked in an animation department of the United States Army, where he wrote Design for Death, a film that later won the 1947 Academy Award for Documentary Feature.
/m/02gn9g	Marvin Arthur \"Marv\" Wolfman is an American comic book writer. He is best known for lengthy runs on Marvel Comics The Tomb of Dracula, for which he and artist Gene Colan created the vampire-slayer Blade, and DC Comics' The New Teen Titans.
/m/03m5k	The harp is a multi-string musical instrument which has the plane of its strings positioned perpendicularly to the soundboard. Organologically, it is in the general category of chordophones and has its own sub category. All harps have a neck, resonator and strings. Some, known as frame harps, also have a pillar; those without the pillar are referred to as open harps. Depending on its size, which varies, a harp may be played while held in the lap or while it stands on a table, or on the floor. Harp strings may be made of nylon, gut, wire or silk. On smaller harps, like the folk harp, the core string material will typically be the same for all strings on a given harp. Larger instruments like the modern concert harp mix string materials to attain their extended ranges. A person who plays the harp is called a harpist or harper. Folk musicians often use the term \"harper\", whereas classical musicians use \"harpist\".\nVarious types of harps are found in Africa, Europe, North and South America and in Asia. In antiquity, harps and the closely related lyres were very prominent in nearly all cultures. The harp also was predominant with medieval bards, troubadors and minnesingers throughout the Spanish Empire. Harps continued to grow in popularity due to improvements in their design and construction through the beginning of the 20th century.
/m/0mmty	Clallam County is a county in the State of Washington. As of the 2010 census, the population was 71,404. The county seat is Port Angeles, which is also the county's largest city. The name is a Klallam word for \"the strong people.\"\nClallam County was formed on April 26, 1854. It is south from the Canadian border of British Columbia.
/m/05l8y	Oman, officially called the Sultanate of Oman, is an Arab state in southwest Asia on the southeast coast of the Arabian Peninsula. It has a strategically important position at the mouth of the Persian Gulf. It is bordered by the United Arab Emirates to the northwest, Saudi Arabia to the west, and Yemen to the southwest and also shares a marine border with Iran. The coast is formed by the Arabian Sea on the southeast and the Gulf of Oman on the northeast. The Madha and Musandam exclaves are surrounded by the UAE on their land borders, with the Strait of Hormuz and Gulf of Oman forming Musandam's coastal boundaries.\nFrom the 17th century, Oman had its own empire, and vied with Portugal and Britain for influence in the Persian Gulf and Indian Ocean. At its peak in the 19th century, Omani influence or control extended across the Strait of Hormuz to Iran, and modern-day Pakistan, and as far south as Zanzibar. As its power declined in the 20th century, the sultanate came under heavy influence from the United Kingdom, though Oman was never formally part of the British Empire, or a British protectorate.
/m/02q0v8n	Along Came a Spider is a 2001 American thriller film directed by Lee Tamahori. The screenplay by Marc Moss was adapted from the 1993 novel of the same title by James Patterson, but many of the key plot elements of the book were eliminated. Along Came a Spider was the first book in Patterson's Alex Cross series, although the second one to be filmed, following Kiss the Girls in 1997.
/m/02vz6dn	Mr. Nobody is a 2009 science fiction drama film. It was written and directed by Jaco Van Dormael, produced by Philippe Godeau, and starring Jared Leto, Sarah Polley, Diane Kruger, Linh Dan Pham, Rhys Ifans, Natasha Little, Toby Regbo and Juno Temple. The film tells the life story of Nemo Nobody, a 118 year-old man who is the last mortal on Earth after the human race has achieved quasi-immortality. Nemo, memory fading, refers to his three main loves and to his parent's divorce and subsequent hardships endured at three main moments in his life; him at age nine, fifteen and thirty-four. Nemo tells the story including alternate life paths, often changing course with the flick of a decision at each of those ages. The film uses nonlinear narrative and the many-worlds interpretation to tell the story of Nemo's life.\nMr. Nobody had its world premiere at the 66th Venice International Film Festival where it received the Golden Osella and the Biografilm Lancia Award. Critical response was generally strong and the film was nominated for seven Magritte Awards, winning six, including Best Film and Best Director for Van Dormael. The film was mostly funded through European financiers and was released in Belgium on January 13, 2010. Since its original release, Mr. Nobody has become a cult film, noted for its philosophy and cinematography, personal characters and Pierre Van Dormael's soundtrack.
/m/08vk_r	Genoa Cricket and Football Club, commonly referred to simply as Genoa, is a professional Italian football and cricket club based in the city of Genoa, Liguria.\nDuring their long history, Genoa have won the Serie A nine times. Genoa's first title came at the inaugural championship in 1898 and their last was in 1923–24. They also won the Coppa Italia once. Historically, Genoa is the fourth most successful Italian club in terms of championships won.\nThis slew of early successes may lie at the origin of the love professed for the team by the godfather of Italian sports journalists Gianni Brera, who, despite having been born nowhere near Genoa, always declared himself a supporter of the team. Brera went as far as creating the nickname Vecchio Balordo for Genoa.\nThe club has played its home games at the 36,536 capacity Stadio Luigi Ferraris since 1911. Since 1946, the ground has been shared with local rivals Sampdoria. Genoa has spent most of its post-war history going up and down between Serie A and Serie B, with two brief spells in Serie C.
/m/01mf0	Computer software, or simply software, also known as computer programs, is the non-tangible component of computers. Computer software contrasts with computer hardware, which is the physical component of computers. Computer hardware and software require each other and neither can be realistically used without the other.\nComputer software includes all computer programs regardless of their architecture; for example, executable files, libraries and scripts are computer software. Yet, it shares their mutual properties: software consists of clearly-defined instructions that upon execution, instructs hardware to perform the tasks for which it is designed. Software is stored in computer memory and cannot be touched, just as a 3D model shown in an illustration cannot be touched.\nAt the lowest level, executable code consists of machine language instructions specific to an individual processor – typically a central processing unit. A machine language consists of groups of binary values signifying processor instructions that change the state of the computer from its preceding state. For example, an instruction may change the value stored in a particular storage location inside the computer – an effect that is not directly observable to the user. An instruction may also cause something to appear on a display of the computer system – a state change which should be visible to the user. The processor carries out the instructions in the order they are provided, unless it is instructed to \"jump\" to a different instruction, or interrupted.
/m/0g_zyp	Love Affair is a 1994 romantic drama film, and a remake of the 1939 film of the same name. It was directed by Glenn Gordon Caron and produced by Warren Beatty from a screenplay by Robert Towne and Beatty, based on the 1939 screenplay by Delmer Daves and Donald Ogden Stewart, based on the story by Mildred Cram and Leo McCarey. The music score was by Ennio Morricone and the cinematography by Conrad L. Hall.\nThe film stars Beatty, Annette Bening and Katharine Hepburn in her last film role, with Garry Shandling, Chloe Webb, Pierce Brosnan, Kate Capshaw, Paul Mazursky and Brenda Vaccaro.
/m/05whq_9	Werner Herzog Stipetić, known as Werner Herzog, is a German film director, producer, screenwriter, and actor; and an opera director.\nHerzog is considered one of the greatest figures of the New German Cinema, along with Rainer Werner Fassbinder, Margarethe von Trotta, Volker Schlöndorff, Werner Schröter, and Wim Wenders. Herzog's films often feature heroes with impossible dreams, people with unique talents in obscure fields, or individuals who are in conflict with nature. French filmmaker François Truffaut once called Herzog \"the most important film director alive.\" American film critic Roger Ebert said that Herzog \"has never created a single film that is compromised, shameful, made for pragmatic reasons or uninteresting. Even his failures are spectacular.\"
/m/02wbnv	Sony Online Entertainment, a division of Sony Corporation, is a video game developer and video game publisher. SOE is known for creating massively multiplayer online games, including EverQuest, EverQuest II, The Matrix Online, PlanetSide, Star Wars Galaxies, Free Realms, Vanguard: Saga of Heroes, DC Universe Online, and PlanetSide 2. In 2008, Sony Online Entertainment’s game EverQuest was honored at the 59th Annual Technology & Engineering Emmy Awards for advancing the art form of massively multiplayer online role-playing games.
/m/08mh3kd	A semiconductor is a material which has electrical conductivity to a degree between that of a conductor and that of an insulator. Semiconductors are the foundation of modern electronics, including transistors, solar cells, light-emitting diodes, quantum dots and digital and analog integrated circuits.\nA semiconductor may have a number of unique properties, one of which is the ability to change conductivity by the addition of impurities or by interaction with another phenomenon, such as an electric field or light; this ability makes a semiconductor very useful for constructing a device that can amplify, switch, or convert an energy input. The modern understanding of the properties of a semiconductor relies on quantum physics to explain the movement of electrons inside a lattice of atoms.
/m/03mb9	House music is a genre of electronic dance music that originated in the American city of Chicago in the early 1980s. It was initially popularized circa 1984 in Chicago, but beginning in 1985, it fanned out to other major cities across North and South America, as well as Europe and later Australia. Early house music commercial success in Europe saw songs such as \"House Nation\" by House Master Boyz and the Rude Boy of House and \"Doctorin' the House\" by Coldcut in the pop charts. Since the early to mid-1990s, house music has been infused in mainstream pop and dance music worldwide.\nEarly house music was generally dance-based music characterized by repetitive 4/4 beats, rhythms mainly provided by drum machines, off-beat hi-hat cymbals, and synthesized basslines. While house displayed several characteristics similar to disco music, it was more electronic and minimalistic, and the repetitive rhythm of house was more important than the song itself. House music today, while keeping several of these core elements, notably the prominent kick drum on every beat, varies a lot in style and influence, ranging from the soulful and atmospheric deep house to the more minimalistic microhouse. House music has also fused with several other genres creating fusion subgenres, such as euro house, tech house, electro house and jump house.
/m/0ms1n	Dallas County is a county located in the U.S. state of Texas within the Dallas–Fort Worth–Arlington metropolitan area. As of the 2010 census, the population was 2,368,139 and is now the ninth most populous county in the United States. Its county seat is Dallas, which is also the largest city in the county, the third-largest city in Texas, and the ninth-largest city in the United States.\nDallas County was founded in 1846 and was possibly named for George Mifflin Dallas, the 11th Vice President of the United States under U.S. President James K. Polk.
/m/01kd57	Daniel Lanois is a Canadian record producer, guitarist, vocalist, and songwriter. He has released several albums of his own work and has produced albums for a wide variety of artists, including Bob Dylan, Neil Young, Peter Gabriel, Emmylou Harris, Willie Nelson, and Brandon Flowers. Lanois has collaborated with Brian Eno on a number of projects, most famously producing several platinum albums for U2, including The Joshua Tree. Three albums produced or co-produced by Lanois have won the Grammy Award for Album of the Year, and four others received nominations.
/m/03h26tm	Kenneth Ralston is a visual effects artist, currently the Visual Effect Supervisor and Creative Head at Sony Pictures Imageworks. Ralston begun his career at the seminal commercial animation and visual effects company, Cascade Pictures in Hollywood, where he worked on over 150 advertising campaigns in the early 1970s. In 1976 he was hired at Industrial Light & Magic by Dennis Muren to help George Lucas create the effects for Star Wars. He remained in ILM for 20 years before joining Sony Pictures Imageworks as president. Ralston is best known for his work in the films of Robert Zemeckis.\nRalston has won five Academy Award for Best Visual Effects, including a Special Achievement Oscar for the visual effects in Star Wars Episode VI: Return of the Jedi, and regular awards for his work on Forrest Gump, Death Becomes Her, Who Framed Roger Rabbit and Cocoon. He was nominated seven more times, for The Rocketeer, Jumanji, Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home, Star Trek III: The Search for Spock, Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan, Dragonslayer, Back to the Future Part II and Alice in Wonderland.
/m/07s7gk6	Rap rock is a cross-genre fusing vocal and instrumental elements of hip hop with various forms of rock. Rap rock's most popular subgenres include rap metal and rapcore, which include heavy metal-oriented and hardcore punk-oriented influences, respectively. One of the earliest examples would be The Clash's song \"The Magnificent Seven\" which fused new wave, hip hop and funk.
/m/053xw6	Brendan Gleeson is an Irish actor. His best-known films include Braveheart, Gangs of New York, In Bruges, 28 Days Later, Troy, the Harry Potter films, The Guard and the role of Michael Collins in The Treaty. He won an Emmy Award in 2009 for his portrayal of Winston Churchill in the film Into the Storm.
/m/04gv3db	Night at the Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian is a 2009 American adventure comedy film directed by Shawn Levy, and starring Ben Stiller, Amy Adams, Owen Wilson, Robin Williams, Hank Azaria, Jon Bernthal and Steve Coogan. The film is a sequel to Night at the Museum.\nA third installment, tentatively titled Night at the Museum 3, is scheduled to be released in theaters on December 19, 2014. Director Shawn Levy is returning as well as Ben Stiller reprising his role as Larry Daley.
/m/049n2l	Calcio Catania is an Italian football club founded in 1908 and based in Catania, Sicily. They currently compete in Serie A after climbing back up the football pyramid.\nThe club has achieved moderate success in the top league, the highest position ever reached by the club is 8th in Serie A for three times: during the early 1960s and again in 2012–13. The farthest Catania have progressed in cup competitions is the final of the Coppa delle Alpi. Catania have a long-standing rivalry with fellow islanders Palermo, with whom they have contested the Derby di Sicilia since 1936.
/m/0d9kl	Bugs Bunny is a funny animal cartoon character, created by the staff of Leon Schlesinger Productions and voiced originally by the legendary \"Man of a Thousand Voices,\" Mel Blanc. Bugs is best known for his starring roles in the Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies series of theatrical short films, produced by Warner Bros. during the golden age of American animation. His popularity during this era led to his becoming an American cultural icon, as well as a corporate mascot of Warner Bros. Entertainment.\nBugs is an anthropomorphic gray hare or rabbit who is famous for his flippant, insouciant personality, a pronounced New York accent, his portrayal as a trickster, and his catch phrase \"Eh... What's up, doc?\", usually said while chewing a carrot. Though Warner Bros. had been experimenting with a rabbit character in cartoons as early as the late 1930s, the definitive character of Bugs Bunny is widely considered to have made his debut in Tex Avery's Oscar-nominated film A Wild Hare.\nSince his debut, Bugs has appeared in various short films, feature films, compilations, TV series, music records, comic books, video games, award shows, amusement park rides and commercials. He has also appeared in more films than any other cartoon character, is the ninth most-portrayed film personality in the world, and has his own star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
/m/03ybrwc	Created in 1958, the Sutherland Trophy was awarded annually by the British Film Institute to \"the maker of the most original and imaginative [first or second feature] film introduced at the National Film Theatre during the year\". In 1997, the criteria changed to honour the maker of the most original and imaginative first feature screened during the London Film Festival.\nThe award is a sculpture in silver by Gerald Benney. It is presented on the closing night of the Festival. The award was named after the British Film Institute's patron, George Sutherland-Leveson-Gower, 5th Duke of Sutherland.
/m/06bd5j	Basic Instinct 2, is a 2006 erotic thriller film and the sequel to 1992's Basic Instinct. The film was directed by Michael Caton-Jones and produced by Mario Kassar, Joel B. Michaels, and Andrew G. Vajna. The screenplay was by Leora Barish and Henry Bean. It stars Sharon Stone, who reprises her role of Catherine Tramell from the original, and David Morrissey. The film is an international co-production of Germany, the United Kingdom, the United States, and Spain.\nThe film follows novelist and suspected serial killer Catherine Tramell, who is once again in trouble with the authorities. Scotland Yard appoints psychiatrist Dr. Michael Glass to evaluate her after a man in Tramell's presence dies. As with Detective Nick Curran in the first film, Glass becomes a victim of Tramell's seductive games.\nAfter being in development hell for a number of years, the film was shot in London from April to August 2005, and was released on 31 March 2006. After numerous cuts, it was released with an R rating for \"strong sexuality, nudity, violence, language, and some drug content.\" The film was not as well received as its predecessor and fell short of commercial expectations. Compared to its predecessor, Basic Instinct 2 is lighter in nature, but still contains graphic violence and sex.
/m/027c95y	An incomplete list of the winners of the National Board of Review of Motion Pictures Award for Best Actor :
/m/0g9zcgx	Ve Neill is an American makeup artist. She has won three Academy Awards, for the films Beetlejuice, Mrs. Doubtfire and Ed Wood. She has been nominated for eight Oscars total.\nNeill serves as a judge on the 2011 Syfy original series Face Off which features makeup artists competing for $100,000.\nVe Neill has worked on all of the films of the Pirates of the Caribbean franchise. Other notable films she has worked on are Austin Powers in Goldmember, A.I. Artificial Intelligence, Hook, and Edward Scissorhands.
/m/09btk	Trondheim, historically Kaupangen, Nidaros and Trondhjem, is a city and municipality in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway. With a population of 181 513, it is the third most populous municipality in Norway, although the fourth largest urban area. It is also the third largest city in the country, with a population of 170,242 inhabitants within the city borders. The city functions as the administrative centre of Sør-Trøndelag county. Trondheim lies on the south shore of the Trondheimsfjord at the mouth of the river Nidelva. The city is dominated by the Norwegian University of Science and Technology, SINTEF, St. Olavs University Hospital and other technology-oriented institutions.\nThe settlement was founded in 997 as a trading post, and was the capital of Norway during the Viking Age until 1217. From 1152 to 1537, the city was the seat of the Archdiocese of Nidaros; since it has remained the seat of the Diocese of Nidaros and the Nidaros Cathedral. It was incorporated in 1838. The current municipality dates from 1964, when Trondheim merged with Byneset, Leinstrand, Strinda and Tiller.
/m/0hm2b	The New Jersey Devils are a professional ice hockey team based in Newark, New Jersey. They are members of the Metropolitan Division of the Eastern Conference of the National Hockey League. The club was founded in Kansas City, Missouri as the Kansas City Scouts in 1974, moved to Denver, Colorado as the Colorado Rockies after only two seasons, and then established in New Jersey in 1982.\nThe franchise had been poor to mediocre in the six years before moving to New Jersey. The pattern continued in its first five years in New Jersey as they failed to make the playoffs and never finished higher than fifth in their division. However, under the guidance of president and general manager Lou Lamoriello, hired in 1987 and who still holds these positions today, the Devils have made the playoffs all but four times between 1988 and 2013, including thirteen berths in a row from 1997 to 2010. They finished with a winning record every season from 1992–93 to 2009–10. They have qualified for five Stanley Cup Finals in their history, winning in 1994–95, 1999–00 and 2002–03, only one Cup short of the Detroit Red Wings as the most since since 1990. For their first 25 seasons in New Jersey, the Devils were based in East Rutherford and played their home games at Brendan Byrne Arena/Continental Airlines Arena. Prior to the 2007–08 season, the Devils relocated to Newark to play their home games at the newly constructed Prudential Center.
/m/0nlc7	The London Borough of Newham is a London borough formed from the former Essex county boroughs of West Ham and East Ham, within East London.\nIt is situated 5 miles east of the City of London, and is north of the River Thames. Newham was one of the six host boroughs for the 2012 Summer Olympics and contains most of the Olympic Park including the Olympic Stadium. According to 2010 estimates, Newham has one of the highest ethnic minority populations of all the districts in the country, with no particular ethnic group dominating. The local authority is Newham London Borough Council, the second most deprived in England, although other reports using different measures show it differently.\nThe borough's motto, from its Coat of Arms, is \"Progress with the People.\" The Coat of Arms was derived from that of the County Borough of West Ham, while the motto is a translation of the County Borough of East Ham's Latin \"Progressio cum Populo\".
/m/01l2b3	Bend It Like Beckham is a 2002 British-German comedy-drama film starring Parminder Nagra, Keira Knightley, Jonathan Rhys-Meyers, Anupam Kher, Shaznay Lewis, and Archie Panjabi, first released in the United Kingdom. The film was directed by Gurinder Chadha. Its title refers to the football player David Beckham and his skill at scoring from free kicks by bending the ball past a wall of defenders.
/m/047cqr	Brian K. Vaughan is an American comic book and television writer, best known for the comic book series Y: The Last Man, Ex Machina, Runaways, Pride of Baghdad, and Saga.\nVaughan was a writer, story editor and producer of the television series Lost during seasons three through five. He was nominated for a Writers Guild of America Award for Best Dramatic Series at the February 2009 ceremony for his work on the fourth season. The writing staff was nominated for the award again at the February 2010 ceremony for their work on the fifth season. He is currently the showrunner and executive producer of the TV series Under the Dome.\nWired describes Vaughan's comics work as \"quirky, acclaimed stories that don't pander and still pound pulses\". His creator-owned comics work is also characterized by \"finite, meticulous, years-long story arcs\", on which Vaughan comments, \"That's storytelling, with a beginning, a middle, and an end. Something like Spider-Man, a book that never has a third act, that seems crazy.\" Erik Malinowski, also of Wired, has called Vaughan \"the greatest comic book visionary of the last five years\", comparing him to Frank Miller, Alan Moore, Paul Pope, and Steve Niles, and praised his addition to the TV series Lost as redeeming that series' third season.
/m/03_c8p	Sony Computer Entertainment, Inc. is a Japanese multinational video game company specializing in a variety of areas in the video game industry, and is a wholly owned subsidiary and part of the Consumer Products & Services Group of Sony. The company was established on November 16, 1993 in Tokyo, Japan, prior to the launch of the original PlayStation video game system. Sony Computer Entertainment handles the research & development, production, and sales of both hardware and software for the PlayStation line of handheld and home console video game systems. It is also a developer and publisher of video game titles and is composed of several subsidiaries covering the company's biggest markets: North America, Europe and Asia. The company has sold more than 400 million PlayStation consoles worldwide.
/m/0270k40	Cirque du Freak: The Vampire's Assistant is a 2009 American film adaptation of the Vampire Blood trilogy of the book series The Saga of Darren Shan by author Darren Shan.
/m/07wqr6	Bones is an American crime comedy-drama television series that premiered on Fox in the United States on September 13, 2005. The show is based on forensic anthropology and forensic archaeology, with each episode focusing on an FBI case file concerning the mystery behind human remains brought by FBI Special Agent Seeley Booth to the forensic anthropologist Dr. Temperance \"Bones\" Brennan. The rest of the main cast includes Michaela Conlin, T. J. Thyne, Eric Millegan, Tamara Taylor, Jonathan Adams, and John Francis Daley.\nCreated by Hart Hanson, the series is very loosely based on the life and writings of novelist and forensic anthropologist Kathy Reichs, who also produces the show. Its title character, Temperance Brennan, is named after the protagonist of Reichs' crime novel series. Similarly, Dr. Brennan writes successful mystery novels based around a fictional forensic anthropologist named Kathy Reichs. Bones is a joint production by Josephson Entertainment, Far Field Productions and 20th Century Fox Television.\nThe series is currently airing its ninth season which premiered on September 16, 2013, and has been renewed for a tenth season.
/m/0cc8q3	The 2009 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament was a tournament involving 65 schools playing in a single-elimination tournament to determine the national champion of men's NCAA Division I college basketball as a culmination of the 2008–09 basketball season. It began on March 17, 2009, and concluded with the championship game on April 6 at Ford Field in Detroit, Michigan, where University of North Carolina defeated Michigan State to become champion. The 2009 tournament marked the first time not only for a Final Four had a minimum seating capacity of 70,000 but also by having most of the tournament in the February Sweeps of the Nielsen Ratings due to the digital television transition in the United States on June 12, 2009, which also made this the last NCAA Basketball Tournament, in all three divisions, to air in analog television. The University of Detroit Mercy hosted the Final Four, which was the 71st edition.\nPrior to the start of the tournament, the top ranked team was Louisville in both the AP Top 25 and the ESPN/USA Today Coaches' Polls, followed by North Carolina, Memphis and Pittsburgh. Only the Tar Heels of North Carolina were the regional winners and played in the Final Four. The Tar Heels completed one of the most dominant runs in the tournament's history by winning each of their games by at least twelve points.
/m/0_kq3	Beaufort is a city in and the county seat of Beaufort County, South Carolina, USA. Chartered in 1711, it is the second-oldest city in South Carolina, behind Charleston. The city's population was 12,361 in the 2010 census. It is a primary city within the Hilton Head Island-Bluffton-Beaufort Metropolitan Statistical Area.\nBeaufort is located on Port Royal Island, in the heart of the Sea Islands and Lowcountry. The city is renowned for its scenic location and for maintaining a historic character by preservation of its antebellum architecture. The city is also known for its military establishments, being located in close proximity to Parris Island and a U.S. Naval Hospital, in addition to being home of the Marine Corps Air Station Beaufort.\nThe city has been featured in the New York Times, and named \"Best Small Southern Town\" by Southern Living, a \"Top 25 Small City Arts Destination\" by American Style, and a \"Top 50 Adventure Town\" by National Geographic Adventure.
/m/01x_d8	Mena Alexandra Suvari is an American actress, fashion designer, and model. Shortly after beginning her career as a model, she appeared in guest roles on such 1990s television shows as Boy Meets World and High Incident. She made her film debut in the drama Nowhere.\nShe achieved international fame for her roles in the 1999 films American Beauty as Angela Hayes, and as Heather in American Pie. She reprised her role as Heather in American Pie 2 and American Reunion. She has also appeared in The Rage: Carrie 2, Loser, Sugar & Spice, Spun, Trauma and the HBO drama series Six Feet Under in 2004.\nSuvari is a model for Lancôme cosmetics and print ads for Lancôme Paris Adaptîve and has been featured in several fashion blogs and magazines such as Vogue. She is a long-time supporter and activist for the African relief organization, the African Medical and Research Foundation. She is also active in feminist issues and is involved with charities whose cause is breast cancer and \"End Violence Against Women\" campaign.
/m/0tj4y	Bowling Green is a city in Kentucky in the United States. It is the seat of Warren County. As of 2012, its population of 60,600 made it the third-most-populous city in the state after Louisville and Lexington; its metropolitan area had an estimated population of 162,231; and the combined statistical area it shares with Glasgow has an estimated population of 215,000.\nFounded by pioneers in 1798, Bowling Green was the provisional capital of Confederate Kentucky during the American Civil War. The city was the inspiration for the 1967 Everly Brothers song \"Bowling Green\"; and today it is the home of numerous manufacturers including General Motors and Fruit of the Loom. The Bowling Green Assembly Plant has been the source of all Chevrolet Corvettes built since 1981. Bowling Green is also home to the state's second-largest public university, Western Kentucky University. In 2014, Forbes Magazine listed Bowling Green as one of the Top 25 Best Places to Retire in the United States.
/m/0nm9h	Cumberland County is a county located in the U.S. state of Maine. As of the 2010 census, the population was 281,674. Its county seat is Portland, and is the most populous of the sixteen Maine counties, as well as the most affluent. Cumberland County has the deepest and second largest body of water in the state, Sebago Lake, which supplies tap water to most of the county. The county is the economic and industrial center of the state, having the resources of the Port of Portland, the Maine Mall, and having corporate headquarters of major companies such as Fairchild Semiconductor, IDEXX Laboratories, Unum, and TD Bank.\nCumberland County is part of the Portland–South Portland–Biddeford, Maine, Metropolitan Statistical Area.\nCumberland County was founded in 1760 from a portion of York County, Massachusetts and named for William, Duke of Cumberland, a son of King George II.
/m/0979n	The Carry On franchise primarily consists of a sequence of 31 low-budget British comedy motion pictures produced between 1958 and 1992, but also includes three Christmas specials, one television series of thirteen episodes, and three West End and provincial stage plays. The films' humour was in the British comic tradition of the music hall and seaside postcards. Producer Peter Rogers and director Gerald Thomas drew on a regular group of actors, the Carry On team, that included Sidney James, Kenneth Williams, Charles Hawtrey, Joan Sims, Kenneth Connor, Peter Butterworth, Hattie Jacques, Terry Scott, Bernard Bresslaw, Barbara Windsor, Jack Douglas and Jim Dale.\nThe Carry On series contains the largest number of films of any British series, and next to the James Bond films, it is the second longest continually running UK film series. From 1958 to 1966 Anglo Amalgamated Film Distributors Ltd produced 12 films, with Rank Organisation making the remaining 19 between 1967 and 1992. All the films were made at Pinewood Studios.\nProducer Peter Rogers and director Gerald Thomas made all 31 films, usually on time and to a strict budget, and often employed the same crew. Between 1958 and 1992, the series employed seven writers, most often Norman Hudis and Talbot Rothwell. In between the films, Rogers and Thomas produced four Christmas specials in 1969, 1970, 1972 and 1973, a thirteen episode television series in 1975 and various West End stage shows which later toured the regions.
/m/02qhm3	Mary Astor was an American actress. Most remembered for her role as Brigid O'Shaughnessy in The Maltese Falcon with Humphrey Bogart, Astor began her long motion picture career as a teenager in the silent movies of the early 1920s.\nShe eventually made a successful transition to talkies, but almost saw her career destroyed due to public scandal in the mid-1930s. She was sued for support by her parents and was later branded an adulterous wife by her ex-husband during a custody fight over her daughter. Overcoming these stumbling blocks in her private life, Astor went on to even greater success on the screen, eventually winning the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her portrayal of Sandra Kovak in The Great Lie. She was a Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer contract player through most of the 1940s and continued to act in movies, on television and on stage until her retirement from the screen in 1964. Astor was the author of five novels. Her autobiography became a bestseller, as did her later book, A Life on Film, which was specifically about her career.\nDirector Lindsay Anderson wrote of her in 1990: \"... that when two or three who love the cinema are gathered together, the name of Mary Astor always comes up, and everybody agrees that she was an actress of special attraction, whose qualities of depth and reality always seemed to illuminate the parts she played.\"
/m/039c26	Deadwood is an American western television series created, produced and largely written by David Milch and aired on the premium cable network HBO from March 21, 2004, to August 27, 2006, spanning three 12-episode seasons. The show is set in the 1870s in Deadwood, South Dakota, before and after the area's annexation by the Dakota Territory. The series charts Deadwood's growth from camp to town, incorporating themes ranging from the formation of communities to western capitalism. The show features a large ensemble cast, and many historical figures appear as characters on the show—such as Seth Bullock, Al Swearengen, Wild Bill Hickok, Sol Star, Calamity Jane, Wyatt Earp, George Crook, E. B. Farnum, Charlie Utter, Jack McCall, and George Hearst. The plot lines involving these characters include historical truths as well as substantial fictional elements. Milch used actual diaries and newspapers from 1870s Deadwood residents as reference points for characters, events, and the look and feel of the show. Some of the characters are fully fictional, although they may have been based on actual persons.\nDeadwood received wide critical acclaim, particularly for Milch's writing and Ian McShane's co-lead performance. It also won eight Emmy Awards and one Golden Globe. TV Guide ranked it #8 on their 2013 list of 60 shows that were \"Cancelled Too Soon\".
/m/0hnlx	Arnold Schoenberg was an Austrian composer and painter, associated with the expressionist movement in German poetry and art, and leader of the Second Viennese School. After his move to the United States in 1934, he altered the spelling of his surname from Schönberg to Schoenberg.\nSchoenberg's approach, both in terms of harmony and development, has been one of the most influential of 20th-century musical thought. Many European and American composers from at least three generations have consciously extended his thinking, whereas others have passionately reacted against it. During the rise of the Nazi Party in Austria, Schoenberg's works were labelled as degenerate music.\nSchoenberg was known early in his career for simultaneously extending the traditionally opposed German Romantic styles of Brahms and Wagner. Later, his name would come to personify innovations in atonality that would become the most polemical feature of 20th-century art music. In the 1920s, Schoenberg developed the twelve-tone technique, an influential compositional method of manipulating an ordered series of all twelve notes in the chromatic scale. He also coined the term developing variation, and was the first modern composer to embrace ways of developing motifs without resorting to the dominance of a centralized melodic idea.
/m/02qnhk1	Gopal Bedi is an actor in Indian films and television, born in Jandiala Guru near Amritsar. He has played mostly character roles, with roles as the villain dominating his over 200 Hindi films. Ranjeet played a positive character throughout on TV series Aisa Des Hai Mera.\nHe has also worked in a number of Punjabi films such as Rab ne banayian jodiyan and Man jeete jag jeet.
/m/01gv_f	Ann-Margret Olsson is a Swedish-American actress, singer, and dancer whose professional name is Ann-Margret.\nAs an actress, she is best known for her roles in Bye Bye Birdie, Viva Las Vegas, The Cincinnati Kid, Carnal Knowledge, and Tommy. She has won five Golden Globe Awards and been nominated for two Academy Awards, two Grammy Awards, a Screen Actors Guild Award, and six Emmy Awards. In 2010, she won her first Emmy Award for her guest appearance on Law & Order: SVU.\nHer singing career spans five decades, like her acting career, and started in 1961; initially she was billed as a female version of Elvis Presley. She had a minor hit in 1961 and a charting album in 1964, and scored a disco hit in 1979. In 2001 she recorded a critically acclaimed gospel album, and an album of Christmas songs from 2004 continues to be available.
/m/0b05xm	Glen Morgan is an American television producer, writer, and director.
/m/01n5sn	Soul jazz is a development of jazz incorporating strong influences from blues, soul, gospel and rhythm and blues in music for small groups, often an organ trio featuring a Hammond organ.
/m/0c7ct	Danielle Jane \"Dannii\" Minogue is an Australian singer/songwriter, talent show judge, actress, television and radio personality and fashion designer. She rose to prominence in the early 1980s for her roles in the Australian television talent show Young Talent Time with another known fellow Australian Tina Arena and the soap opera Home and Away, before beginning her career as a pop singer in the early 1990s. Minogue achieved early success with hits such as \"Love and Kisses\", \"This is It\", \"Jump to the Beat\" and Baby Love, though by the release of her second album, her popularity as a singer had declined, leading her to make a name for herself with award-winning performances in musicals with Grease and also in Notre Dame De Paris, as well as other acting credits in The Vagina Monologues and as Lady Macbeth. The late 1990s saw a brief return to music after Minogue reinvented herself as a dance artist with \"All I Wanna Do\", her first number one UK Club hit.\nIn 2001, Minogue further returned to musical success with the release of her biggest worldwide hit to date, \"Who Do You Love Now?\", while her subsequent album, Neon Nights, became the most successful of her career. In the UK, she has achieved 12 consecutive number one dance singles, becoming the best-performing artist on the UK Upfront Club Chart. Since 2007, Minogue has established herself as a successful talent show judge and television personality. She judged on Australia's Got Talent in Australia from 2007 until her departure in 2012, and until 2010, she also judged The X Factor in the UK, where she was the winning judge in both 2007 and 2010 with Leon Jackson and Matt Cardle, respectively. In 2010, Minogue launched her own fashion label Project D London with her best friend Tabitha Somerset Webb. On 9 November 2011, Dannii received an honorary doctorate degree in Media and Arts from Southampton Solent University for her 30-year varied career in the showbiz and media industry. In 2013, Minogue became a judge on the ninth series of Britain & Ireland's Next Top Model, and on the fifth series of The X Factor Australia where she was the winning judge in 2013 with Dami Im.
/m/0ckh4k	Neighbours is an Australian television soap opera. It was first broadcast on the Seven Network on 18 March 1985. It was created by TV executive Reg Watson, who proposed the idea of making a show that focused on realistic stories and portrayed adults and teenagers who talk openly and solve their problems together. Seven decided to commission the show following the success of Watson's Sons and Daughters, which aired on the network. Although successful in Melbourne, Neighbours underperformed in the Sydney market and struggled for months before Seven cancelled it. The show was immediately bought by rival network Ten. After taking over production of the show, the new network had to build replica sets because Seven destroyed the originals to prevent its rival from obtaining them. Ten began screening Neighbours on 20 January 1986, taking off where the previous series left off and commencing with episode 171. Neighbours has since become the longest running drama series in Australian television and in 2005, it was inducted collectively into the Logie Hall of Fame. On 11 January 2011, Neighbours moved to Ten's digital channel, Eleven.\nThe show's storylines concern the domestic and professional lives of the people who live and work in Erinsborough, a fictional suburb of Melbourne, Victoria. The series primarily centres around the residents of Ramsay Street, a short cul-de-sac, and its neighbouring areas, the Lassiters complex, which includes a bar, hotel, cafe, news office and park. Neighbours began with three families created by Watson – the Ramsays, the Robinsons and the Clarkes. Watson said that he wanted to show three families who are friends living in a small street. The Robinsons and the Ramsays had a long history and were involved in an ongoing rivalry. Pin Oak Court, in Vermont South, is the real cul-de-sac that has doubled for Ramsay Street since 1985. All of the houses featured are real and the residents allow Neighbours to shoot external scenes in their gardens. The interior scenes are filmed at the Global Television studios in Forest Hill.
/m/016xh5	Hugh John Mungo Grant is a British actor and film producer. He has received a Golden Globe, a BAFTA, and a Honorary César. His films have earned more than US$2.4 billion from 25 theatrical releases worldwide. Grant achieved international success after appearing in the Richard Curtis-scripted Four Weddings and a Funeral. He used this breakthrough role as a frequent cinematic persona during the 1990s, delivering comic performances in mainstream films like Mickey Blue Eyes and Notting Hill. By the turn of the 21st century, he had established himself as a leading man skilled with a satirical comic talent. Grant has expanded his oeuvre with critically acclaimed turns as a cad in Bridget Jones's Diary, About a Boy, and American Dreamz. He later played against type with multiple cameo roles in the epic drama film Cloud Atlas.\nWithin the film industry, Grant is cited as an anti-film star who approaches his roles like a character actor, and attempts to make his acting appear spontaneous. Hallmarks of his comic skills include a nonchalant touch of irony/sarcasm and studied physical mannerisms as well as his precisely-timed dialogue delivery and facial expressions. The entertainment media's coverage of Grant's life off the big screen has often overshadowed his work as a thespian. He has been vocal about his disrespect for the profession of acting, and in his disdain towards the culture of celebrity and hostility towards the media. In a career spanning 30 years, Grant has repeatedly claimed that acting is not a true calling but just a job he fell into.
/m/01nzz8	Jonathan Southworth \"John\" Ritter was an American actor, comedian, and voice-over artist. Ritter was best known for playing Jack Tripper on the hit ABC sitcom Three's Company, for which he won an Emmy and a Golden Globe Award in 1984. He was the son of famous country/western star Tex Ritter, and the father of actor Jason Ritter.\nRitter appeared in hundreds of films and television shows/episodes combined, including It, Problem Child, Problem Child 2 and Bad Santa in 2003. Prior to Clifford's Really Big Movie, Ritter received four Daytime Emmy Award nominations for his voice work on the children's television series, Clifford the Big Red Dog, in addition to many other awards Ritter was nominated for or won. Don Knotts called Ritter the \"greatest physical comedian on the planet\".\nRitter died of an aortic dissection on September 11, 2003. His death occurred shortly after the production of an episode for the second season of 8 Simple Rules.
/m/03fwln	Priyanka Chopra is an Indian film actress and singer, and the winner of the Miss World pageant of 2000. Through her successful film career, Chopra has become one of Bollywood's highest-paid actresses and one of the most popular celebrities in India. She has received numerous awards and nominations, including a National Film Award for Best Actress and Filmfare Awards in four categories.\nChopra was born in Jamshedpur to parents who were both physicians in the Indian Army, causing the family to move frequently during her childhood, but she considers Bareilly her real home. As a teenager she lived for some years with an aunt in the United States. In 2000, her mother entered her into the Femina Miss India contest, in which she finished second and took the Miss India World title. She was then entered into the Miss World pageant, where she was crowned Miss World 2000 and Miss World Continental Queen of Beauty—Asia & Oceania, becoming the fifth Indian to win the competition.\nAlthough Chopra at one time aspired to study engineering or psychiatry, she accepted offers to join the Indian film industry, which came as a result of her pageant wins, making her acting debut in the Tamil film Thamizhan in 2002. The following year, she starred in The Hero, her first Hindi film release, and followed it with the box-office hit Andaaz, which won her the Filmfare Best Female Debut Award and a nomination for the Filmfare Best Supporting Actress Award. She subsequently earned wide critical recognition for the role of a seductress in the 2004 thriller Aitraaz, winning her the Filmfare Award for Best Performance in a Negative Role. By 2006, Chopra had established herself as a leading actress of Hindi cinema with starring roles in the highly successful films Krrish and Don. After receiving mixed reviews for a series of unsuccessful films, she received critical acclaim for her portrayal of unconventional characters, including a troubled model in the 2008 drama Fashion, a feisty Marathi woman in the 2009 caper thriller Kaminey, a serial killer in the 2011 neo-noir 7 Khoon Maaf, and an autistic woman in the 2012 romantic comedy Barfi! She achieved further commercial success by starring in films such as the action thriller Don 2, the revenge drama Agneepath, Barfi! and the superhero science fiction film Krrish 3 all of which rank among the highest grossing Indian films of all time.
/m/047vp1n	Youth in Revolt is a 2009 romantic comedy-drama film directed by Miguel Arteta, from a screenplay written by Gustin Nash, which is in return based on C.D. Payne's epistolary novel of the same name. The film stars Michael Cera and Portia Doubleday, with Justin Long, Ray Liotta and Steve Buscemi in supporting roles.
/m/01mf_	Computer programming is a process that leads from an original formulation of a computing problem to executable programs. It involves activities such as analysis, understanding, and generically solving such problems resulting in an algorithm, verification of requirements of the algorithm including its correctness and its resource consumption, implementation of the algorithm in a target programming language, testing, debugging, and maintaining the source code, implementation of the build system and management of derived artefacts such as machine code of computer programs. The algorithm is often only represented in human-parseable form and reasoned about using logic. Source code is written in one or more programming languages. The purpose of programming is to find a sequence of instructions that will automate performing a specific task or solve a given problem. The process of programming thus often requires expertise in many different subjects, including knowledge of the application domain, specialized algorithms and formal logic.\nWithin software engineering, programming is regarded as one phase in a software development process.
/m/01m1dzc	Norman Blake is an instrumentalist, vocalist, and songwriter. In a career spanning more than 50 years Blake has played in a number of folk and country groups. He is considered one of the leading figures in the bluegrass revival of the 1970s and is still active today, playing concert dates and making albums with his wife Nancy Blake.
/m/04tgp	Mississippi is a U.S. state located in the Southern United States. Jackson is the state capital and largest city with 175,437 people in 2012 up 1.1% from the 2010 U.S. Census with 173,514. The name of the state derives from the Mississippi River, which flows along its western boundary, whose name comes from the Ojibwe word misi-ziibi. Mississippi is the 32nd most extensive and the 31st most populous of the 50 United States. The state is heavily forested outside of the Mississippi Delta area, which was cleared for cotton cultivation in the 19th century. Today, its catfish aquaculture farms produce the majority of farm-raised catfish consumed in the United States. The state symbol is the Magnolia grandiflora tree. The state's flower is the Magnolia and the state bird is the Mockingbird. Mississippi has the lowest median household income, making it the poorest state in the nation.
/m/03bw6	George Dewey Cukor was an American film director. He mainly concentrated on comedies and literary adaptations. His career flourished at RKO when David O. Selznick, the studio's Head of Production, assigned Cukor to direct several of RKO's major films, including What Price Hollywood?, A Bill of Divorcement, Our Betters, and Little Women. When Selznick moved to MGM in 1933 Cukor followed and directed Dinner at Eight and David Copperfield for Selznick and Romeo and Juliet and Camille for Irving Thalberg.\nHe was replaced as the director of Gone with the Wind, but he went on to direct The Philadelphia Story, Gaslight, Adam's Rib, Born Yesterday, A Star Is Born and My Fair Lady. He continued to work into the 1980s.
/m/03v9yw	Dynamo Moscow is a Russian football club based in Moscow, currently playing in the Russian Premier League. Dynamo's traditional kit colours are blue and white. Their crest is of a blue letter \"D\", written in a traditional cursive style, on a white background with the name of their home town \"Moscow\" written in front of a football underneath. Club's motto \"Power in Motion\" had been proposed by Maxim Gorky, the famous Russian/Soviet author who once was an active member of the Dynamo sports society.\nDynamo Moscow is the oldest Russian football club and the only one that has always played in the top tier of the Soviet and the Russian football competitions, having never been relegated to the lower divisions. Despite this, it has never won today's Russian Premier League title.\nDuring the Soviet era it was affiliated with the MVD & the KGB and was a part of Dynamo sports society. On 10 April 2009, VTB Bank acquired 74% of the stock in the club.
/m/02x02kb	Not related to Taruni Sachdev, a child actress, who died two weeks after this person's death.\nAchala Sachdev was an Indian film actress from Peshawar who started her career as a child actor. She later became known for mother and grandmother roles in Hindi films. Her most memorable roles were as Balraj Sahni's wife in 1965 film Waqt and Kajol's grandmother in Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge.
/m/0k_p5	Woodland Hills is an affluent neighborhood bordering the Santa Monica Mountains in the San Fernando Valley region of the city of Los Angeles, California.
/m/0nm9y	Aroostook County is a county located in the U.S. state of Maine. In 2010, its population was 71,870. Known locally in Maine simply as \"The County,\" it is the largest American county by land area east of the Mississippi River. Its seat is Houlton. As Maine's northernmost county, its northernmost village, Estcourt Station, is therefore also the northernmost community in New England and in the contiguous U.S. east of the Great Lakes. Aroostook County is known for its potato crops, as well as its Acadian culture. In the northernmost region of the county, which borders Madawaska County, New Brunswick, many of the residents are bilingual. The county is also an emerging hub for wind power.
/m/0157g9	The Lesser Antilles are a long, partly volcanic island arc in the Caribbean Sea. Most of its islands form the eastern boundary of the Caribbean Sea with the Atlantic Ocean, with the remainder located in the southern Caribbean just north of South America. The Lesser Antilles and the Greater Antilles compose the Antilles, which together with the Lucayan Archipelago comprise the West Indies.
/m/02z9hqn	Evangelion: 2.0 You Can (Not) Advance. is a 2009 Japanese animated film directed by Kazuya Tsurumaki and Masayuki, and written by Hideaki Anno. It is the second of four films released in the Rebuild of Evangelion tetralogy based on the original anime series Neon Genesis Evangelion. It was produced and co-distributed by Hideaki Anno's Studio Khara in partnership with Gainax.\nThe film continues the story of Evangelion: 1.0 You Are (Not) Alone, with Shinji Ikari continuing his role as a pilot of one of the gigantic \"Evangelion\" mecha as part of NERV's ongoing fight against the mysterious creatures known as Angels. While replicating many scenes and plot elements from the original series, the film also introduces new ones, including newly designed creatures and new characters, such as Mari Illustrious Makinami, and integrates newly available 3D CG technology. Its ending paves the way for the significant storyline departures from the original series in Evangelion: 3.0 You Can (Not) Redo.
/m/0l5yl	Jack Benny was an American comedian, vaudevillian, radio, television, and film actor, and violinist. Recognized as a leading American entertainer of the 20th century, Benny portrayed his character as a miser, playing his violin badly. In character, he would be 39 years of age, regardless of his actual age.\nBenny was known for comic timing, and the ability to create laughter with a pregnant pause or a single expression, such as his signature exasperated \"Well!\" His radio and television programs, popular from the 1930s to the 1960s, were a major influence on the sitcom genre.
/m/0nryt	Linn County is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa. The population was 211,226 in the 2010 census, an increase from 191,701 in the 2000 census. The county seat is Cedar Rapids. Linn county is named in honor of Senator Lewis Linn of Missouri.\nLinn County is one of the three counties that make up the Cedar Rapids Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/0288fyj	Manny Marroquin is a Guatemalan-born American mixing engineer. He has received five Grammy awards for his professional audio work.
/m/037css	Wimbledon Football Club was an English professional association football club from Wimbledon, south-west London. Founded in 1889 as Wimbledon Old Central Football Club, the club spent most of its history in amateur and semi-professional non-League football before being elected to the Football League in 1977 and reaching the First Division in 1986 after a mere nine seasons in the league and just four seasons after being in the Fourth Division.\nWimbledon stayed in the First Division and then the FA Premier League from 1986 until 2000. Most famously, in 1988, Wimbledon beat the then-champions Liverpool 1–0 in the FA Cup final, thus becoming only the third football club to have won both the FA Cup and the FA Amateur Cup, having won the latter in 1962–63.\nFollowing the publication of the Taylor Report, which recommended that all top-flight clubs play in all-seater stadiums, the club decided that it needed to move from its Plough Lane home in 1991. Wimbledon began to groundshare with nearby Crystal Palace, an originally temporary arrangement that ended up lasting for over twelve years. In May 2002, after rejecting a variety of possible new local sites, the club was granted permission to move 56 miles north to Milton Keynes in Buckinghamshire. The move away from their native south London was deeply unpopular both with the bulk of the club's established fan base and football supporters generally. The majority of supporters responded to the planned relocation by forming a new club, AFC Wimbledon. Wimbledon moved in September 2003, and became Milton Keynes Dons in June 2004.
/m/03mp8k	Sony BMG Music Entertainment was a recorded music company, which was a 50–50 joint venture between the Sony Corporation of America and Bertelsmann AG. The venture’s successor, the again-active Sony Music Entertainment, is 100% owned by the Sony Corporation of America.
/m/0lpk3	Utica is a city in the Mohawk Valley and the county seat of Oneida County, New York, United States. The population was 62,235 at the 2010 census, an increase of 2.6% from the 2000 census due largely to a large immigrant refugee influx.\nUtica and the neighboring city of Rome are principal cities of the Utica–Rome, New York Metropolitan Statistical Area, which includes Oneida and Herkimer counties.
/m/0tzls	Holyoke is a city in Hampden County, Massachusetts, United States that lies between the western bank of the Connecticut River and the Mount Tom Range of mountains. As of 2012, the city had an estimated population of 40,135. Sitting eight miles north of the major city of Springfield, Holyoke is part of the Springfield Metropolitan Area, one of the two distinct metropolitan areas in Massachusetts.
/m/01n43d	Verona is a city straddling the Adige river in Veneto, northern Italy, with approximately 265,000 inhabitants and one of the seven chef-lieus of the region. It is the second largest city municipality in the region and the third of northeast Italy. The metropolitan area of Verona covers an area of 1,426 km² and has a population of 714,274 inhabitants. It is one of the main tourist destinations in northern Italy, owing to its artistic heritage, several annual fairs, shows, and operas, such as the lyrical season in the Arena, the ancient amphitheatre built by the Romans.\nThe city has been awarded World Heritage Site status by UNESCO because of its urban structure and architecture.
/m/01pt5w	Quezon City is one of the cities that make up Metro Manila, the National Capital Region of the Philippines, located on the island of Luzon. It is the most populous city in the country, and the largest city by area in Metro Manila. Quezon City was named after Manuel L. Quezon, former President of the Philippines, who founded the city and developed it to replace Manila as the country's capital for 28 years from 1948 to 1976. Quezon City is not located in and should not be confused with Quezon province, which was also named after the president.\nHaving been the national capital, Quezon City is the site of many government offices, including the Batasang Pambansa Complex which is the seat of the House of Representatives. The main campuses of two noteworthy universities, the Ateneo de Manila University and the country's national university, the University of the Philippines Diliman, are located in the city.
/m/03cs_xw	Carter L. Bays is an award-winning American television writer and television producer. Along with writing partner Craig Thomas, he is best known as creator, writer, and executive producer of the CBS sitcom How I Met Your Mother. He has been nominated for seven primetime Emmy Awards, including Best Original Song for \"Nothing Suits Me Like A Suit.\"\nIn 2012, How I Met Your Mother won Best Comedy at the People's Choice Awards. The duo are also members of a band called The Solids. Bays plays guitar and is the lead singer of the band, which performed the theme songs for both Oliver Beene and How I Met Your Mother.\nPrior to the creation of How I Met Your Mother, Bays and Thomas wrote for a number of television shows including Late Night with David Letterman, Oliver Beene and Quintuplets. They also wrote part two of the American Dad! episode \"Stan of Arabia\". In 2013 they created the TV series The Goodwin Games.\nBays lives in Los Angeles with his wife and their two young daughters. Bays graduated from Wesleyan University in 1997. One of his daughters appeared at the end of Trilogy Time, another one at the end of How Your Mother Met Me.
/m/01hpf6	SNK Playmore Corporation is a Japanese video game hardware and software company. SNK is an abbreviation of Shin Nihon Kikaku, which was SNK's original name. The company's legal and trading name became SNK in 1986.\nThe original SNK was founded in Suita, Osaka, Japan, in July 1978 by Eikichi Kawasaki and existed until October 22, 2001. Anticipating the end of his first company, Kawasaki founded the company Playmore in August 2001 which became SNK Playmore in 2003. Due to this strong resemblance to the previous company both in name and identity, SNK Playmore is sometimes referred to simply as SNK.\nSNK is most notable for creating the Neo Geo family in 1990, which contained many game consoles and arcade systems throughout the 1990s. Their most popular and successful console was the handheld Neo Geo Pocket Color from 1999, which was the last console of the Neo Geo family, which ended in 2001, but it was then revived in 2012, with the Neo Geo X, which was a developed and manufacture by Tommo Inc. SNK Playmore has recently focused on their pachinko division, by releasing new titles of their flagship series like Metal Slug, King of Fighters, Fatal Fury, and even long forgotten series Art of Fighting among others.
/m/0776h1v	The Outstanding Performance by an Actress in a Leading Role of the Japan Academy Prize is one of the annual Awards given by the Nippon Academy-sho association.
/m/018jk2	Nagano Prefecture is a prefecture of Japan located in the Chūbu region of the island of Honshu. The capital is the city of Nagano. Due to the abundance of mountain ranges in this area, the land available for inhabitance is relatively limited.
/m/0309jm	David Scott \"Dave\" Foley is a Canadian actor, comedian, writer, director, and producer best known for his work in The Kids in the Hall, NewsRadio, A Bug's Life, Celebrity Poker Showdown and Dan Vs.. He also frequently appears on The Late Late Show on CBS.
/m/01f7jt	Back to the Future Part II is a 1989 American science fiction comedy film and the second installment of the Back to the Future trilogy. It was directed by Robert Zemeckis, who directed all three films, scripted by Bob Gale, and stars Michael J. Fox, Christopher Lloyd, Thomas F. Wilson and Lea Thompson. The plot of Part II picks up where the original film left off. After repairing the damage to history done by his previous time travel adventures, Marty McFly and his friend Dr. Emmett \"Doc\" Brown travel to 2015 to prevent McFly's future son from ending up in jail. However, their presence allows Biff Tannen to steal Doc's DeLorean time machine and travel to 1955, where he alters history by making his younger self wealthy.\nPart II was produced on a $40 million budget and was filmed back-to-back with its sequel, Back to the Future Part III. Filming began in February 1989 after two years were spent building the sets and writing the script. The film was one of the most ground-breaking projects for effects studio Industrial Light & Magic. In addition to digital compositing, ILM used the VistaGlide motion control camera system, which allowed scenes to be filmed in which an actor played multiple characters simultaneously on-screen. Two actors from the first film, Crispin Glover and Claudia Wells, did not return for the final two films. Glover's character, George McFly, was not only minimized in the plot, but was obscured and recreated with another actor.
/m/01w1sx	The Cold War was a sustained state of political and military tension between powers in the Western Bloc and powers in the Eastern Bloc. Historians have not fully agreed on the dates, but 1947–1991 is common. It was \"cold\" because there was no large-scale fighting directly between the two sides, although there were major regional wars in Korea and Vietnam. The Cold War split the temporary wartime alliance against Nazi Germany, leaving the USSR and the US as two superpowers with profound economic and political differences over capitalism and democracy. A deliberately neutral grouping arose with the Non-Aligned Movement founded by Egypt, India, and Yugoslavia; this faction rejected association with either the US-led West or the Soviet-led East.\nThe two superpowers never engaged directly in full-scale armed combat but they each armed heavily in preparation of an all-out nuclear World War III. Each side had a nuclear deterrent that deterred an attack by the other side, on the basis that such an attack would lead to total destruction of the attacker: the doctrine of mutually assured destruction or MAD. Aside from the development of the two sides' nuclear arsenals, and deployment of conventional military forces, the struggle for dominance was expressed via proxy wars around the globe, psychological warfare, propaganda and espionage, and technological competitions such as the Space Race.
/m/023rwm	Roadrunner Records is an American record label that concentrates primarily on metal bands. It is a subsidiary of Warner Music Group. It is based in New York.
/m/07fsv	Tuvalu, formerly known as the Ellice Islands, is a Polynesian island nation located in the Pacific Ocean, midway between Hawaii and Australia. It comprises three reef islands and six true atolls spread out between the latitude of 5° to 10° south and longitude of 176° to 180°, west of the International Date Line. Tuvalu's Exclusive Economic Zone covers an oceanic area of approximately 900,000 km². Its nearest neighbours are Kiribati, Nauru, Samoa and Fiji. Its population of 10,837 makes it the third-least populous sovereign state in the world, with only the Vatican City and Nauru having fewer inhabitants. In terms of physical land size, at just 26 square kilometres Tuvalu is the fourth smallest country in the world, larger only than the Vatican City at 0.44 km², Monaco at 1.98 km², and Nauru at 21 km².\nThe first inhabitants of Tuvalu were Polynesians. In 1568 Spanish navigator Álvaro de Mendaña sailed through the islands and is understood to have sighted Nui during his expedition in search of Terra Australis. In 1819 the island of Funafuti was named Ellice's Island; the name Ellice was applied to all nine islands after the work of English hydrographer Alexander George Findlay. The islands came under Britain's sphere of influence in the late 19th century, when each of the Ellice Islands was declared a British protectorate by Captain Gibson R.N., of HMS Curacoa, between 9 and 16 October 1892. The Ellice Islands were administered as British protectorate by a Resident Commissioner from 1892 to 1916 as part of the British Western Pacific Territories, and later as part of the Gilbert and Ellice Islands colony from 1916 to 1974.
/m/094hwz	An animation director is the director in charge of all aspects of the animation process during the production of an animated film or animated segment for a live-action film. This may include directing the character design, background animation, and any other aspect of animation.\nThe role is not the same as the director of an animated film.\n\"Animation Director\" can sometimes refer to somebody who handles the technical aspect of animation while a director works out everything on storyboards.
/m/016sp_	Dwight David Yoakam is an American singer-songwriter, actor and film director, most famous for his pioneering country music. Popular since the early 1980s, he has recorded more than 21 albums and compilations, charted more than 30 singles on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts, and sold more than 25 million records. Yoakam has recorded 5 Billboard #1 Albums, 12 Gold Albums, and 9 Platinum Albums, including the Triple Platinum This Time. In addition to his many achievements in the performing arts, Yoakam is also the most frequent musical guest in the history of The Tonight Show.
/m/01mylz	Ronald Lee Ermey is an American actor, best known for his role as the austere Gunnery Sergeant Hartman in Full Metal Jacket, which earned him a Golden Globe Award nomination for Best Supporting Actor. He is a retired U.S. Marine and an honorary Gunnery Sergeant; during his tenure in the U.S. Marine Corps, he served as a drill instructor.\nErmey has often been typecast for the roles of authority figures, such as Mayor Tilman in the film Mississippi Burning, Bill Bowerman in Prefontaine, Sheriff Hoyt in The Texas Chainsaw Massacre remake, Jimmy Lee Farnsworth in Fletch Lives, Police Captain in Seven, plastic army men leader Sarge in the Toy Story films, and the Warden in SpongeBob SquarePants.\nHe has hosted two programs on the History Channel: Mail Call, in which he answered viewers' questions about various militaria both modern and historic; and Lock N' Load with R. Lee Ermey, which focused on the development of different types of weapons.
/m/07x4qr	The Smurfs is a 2011 American 3D family comedy film loosely based on The Smurfs comic book series created by the Belgian comics artist Peyo and the 1980s animated TV series it spawned. It was directed by Raja Gosnell and stars Hank Azaria, Neil Patrick Harris, Jayma Mays and Sofía Vergara, with Jonathan Winters and Katy Perry as the voices of Papa Smurf and Smurfette. It is the first CGI/live-action hybrid film produced by Sony Pictures Animation and in The Smurfs trilogy. During early production the film was known as The Smurfs Movie.\nThe film tells the story of the Smurfs as they get lost in New York, and try to find a way to get back home before Gargamel catches them. After five years of negotiations, Jordan Kerner bought the rights in 2002 and was in development with Paramount Pictures and Nickelodeon Movies until Columbia Pictures and Sony Pictures Animation obtained the film rights in 2008. Filming began in March 2010 in New York City.\nAfter having the release date changed three times, Columbia Pictures released The Smurfs on July 29, 2011. Box office analysts initially predicted the film would tie with Cowboys & Aliens, but The Smurfs ultimately came in second grossing $35.6 million against Cowboys & Aliens' $36.4 million. Despite receiving mostly negative reviews from critics, The Smurfs has been a box office success, and CinemaScore polls showed a positive score from audience voters. The Smurfs reached the $500 million milestone in the weekend of September 23–25, 2011.
/m/02ck2b	The Congressional Progressive Caucus is the largest membership organization within the Democratic Caucus in the United States Congress with 74 declared members. They work to advance progressive liberal issues and positions.\nThe CPC is currently co-chaired by U.S. Representatives Raúl Grijalva and Keith Ellison. It was founded in 1991 and has grown steadily since then, having more recently added 20 members since 2005 and having hired its first full-time Executive Director, Bill Goold, in May of that year. Of the 20 standing committees of the House in the 111th Congress, 10 were chaired by members of the CPC. Those chairmen were replaced when the Republicans took control of the House in the 112th Congress.
/m/01wk3c	Robert Carlyle, OBE, is a Scottish actor. He is known for a variety of roles in films such as Trainspotting, The Full Monty, The World Is Not Enough, Angela's Ashes, The 51st State, and 28 Weeks Later. In addition to his film work, he is also known for his roles in the television shows Hamish Macbeth, Stargate Universe, and Once Upon a Time.
/m/01qqwn	Multiple myeloma, also known as plasma cell myeloma or Kahler's disease, is a cancer of plasma cells, a type of white blood cell normally responsible for producing antibodies. In multiple myeloma, collections of abnormal plasma cells accumulate in the bone marrow, where they interfere with the production of normal blood cells. Most cases of myeloma also feature the production of a paraprotein—an abnormal antibody which can cause kidney problems. Bone lesions and hypercalcemia are also often encountered.\nMyeloma is diagnosed with blood tests, bone marrow examination, urine protein electrophoresis, and X-rays of commonly involved bones. Myeloma is generally thought to be incurable but highly treatable. Remissions may be induced with steroids, chemotherapy, proteasome inhibitors, immunomodulatory drugs such as thalidomide or lenalidomide, and stem cell transplants. Radiation therapy is sometimes used to reduce pain from bone lesions.\nMyeloma develops in 1–4 per 100,000 people per year. It is more common in men and, for unknown reasons, is twice as common in Afro-Americans as it is in European-Americans. With conventional treatment, median survival is 3–4 years, which may be extended to 5–7 years or longer with advanced treatments. Multiple myeloma is the second most common hematological malignancy in the U.S., and constitutes 1% of all cancers.
/m/04l19_	John Murphy is a voice actor.
/m/03n785	Alien vs. Predator is a 2004 American science fiction film directed by Paul W. S. Anderson for 20th Century Fox, it is a sequel to Predator 2, and starring Sanaa Lathan and Lance Henriksen. The film adapts the Alien vs. Predator crossover imprint bringing together the eponymous creatures of the Alien and Predator series, a concept which originated in a 1989 comic book. This is the first of the two-part Alien vs. Predator prequel series to the Alien franchise. Anderson, Dan O'Bannon, and Ronald Shusett wrote the story, and Anderson and Shane Salerno adapted the story into a screenplay. Their writing was influenced by Aztec mythology, the comic book series, and the writings of Erich von Däniken.\nSet in 2004, the film follows a team of archaeologists assembled by billionaire Charles Bishop Weyland for an expedition near the Antarctic to investigate a mysterious heat signal. Weyland hopes to claim the find for himself, and his group discovers a pyramid below the surface of a whaling station. Hieroglyphs and sculptures reveal that the pyramid is a hunting ground for Predators who kill Aliens as a rite of passage. The humans are caught in the middle of a battle between the two species and attempt to prevent the Aliens from reaching the surface.
/m/09q17	Slapstick is the recurse to humor involving exaggerated physical activity which exceeds the boundaries of common sense.
/m/018jkl	Miyagi Prefecture is a prefecture of Japan in the Tōhoku region on Honshu island. The capital is Sendai.
/m/05cvgl	The Remains of the Day is a 1993 Merchant Ivory film adapted by Ruth Prawer Jhabvala from the novel by Kazuo Ishiguro. It was directed by James Ivory and produced by Ismail Merchant, Mike Nichols and John Calley. It starred Anthony Hopkins as Stevens and Emma Thompson as Miss Kenton with James Fox, Christopher Reeve, Hugh Grant and Ben Chaplin. The film was nominated for eight Academy Awards.
/m/01n78x	Saturated fat is fat that consists of triglycerides containing only saturated fatty acids. Saturated fatty acids have no double bonds between the individual carbon atoms of the fatty acid chain. That is, the chain of carbon atoms is fully \"saturated\" with hydrogen atoms. There are many kinds of naturally occurring saturated fatty acids, which differ mainly in number of carbon atoms, from 3 carbons to 36.\nVarious fats contain different proportions of saturated and unsaturated fat. Examples of foods containing a high proportion of saturated fat include animal fats such as cream, cheese, butter, and ghee; suet, tallow, lard, and fatty meats; as well as certain vegetable products such as coconut oil, cottonseed oil, palm kernel oil, chocolate, and many prepared foods.
/m/05rwlj	A fusion genre is music that combines two or more styles. For example, rock and roll originally developed as a fusion of blues, gospel and country music. The main characteristics of fusion genres are variations in tempo, rhythm, and is sometimes the use of long musical \"journeys\" that can be divided into smaller parts, each with their own dynamics, style and tempo. \"Fusion\" used alone often refers to jazz fusion.\nArtists who work in fusion genres are often difficult to categorize within non-fusion styles, primarily because most genres evolved out of other genres.These artists generally consider themselves part of both genres. For example, a musician that plays predominantly blues influenced by rock is often labelled a blues-rock musician, such as Stevie Ray Vaughan and Double Trouble. Vaughan, a Texas blues guitarist, used rock and blues together. Ray Charles, who recorded gospel and jazz-influenced blues, created what would become known as soul music. By fusing the two genres, Charles pioneered the style of country soul, most famously on his landmark album Modern Sounds in Country and Western Music, and influenced similar efforts by Candi Staton and Solomon Burke. Another example of fusion music can be heard in the Middle Eastern-influenced Franco-Arabic music as personified by Aldo. Franco-Arabic music uses a blend of Arabic and many western styles, from rock to pop, and from Euro styles to folk music.
/m/06j2v	The Romani are a diasporic ethnicity living mostly in Europe and the Americas. Romani are widely known among Anglophonic people by the exonym \"Gypsies\" and also as Romany, Romanies, Romanis, Roma or Roms; in their language, Romani, they are known collectively as Romane or Rromane.\nRomani are widely dispersed, with their largest concentrated populations in Europe, especially the Romani of Central and Eastern Europe and Anatolia, followed by the Kale of Iberia and Southern France. They originated in India and arrived in Mid-West Asia first and then in Europe at least 1000 years ago, either separating from the Dom people or, at least, having a similar history; the ancestors of both the Romani and the Dom left North India sometime between the sixth and eleventh century.\nSince the nineteenth century, some Romani have also migrated to the Americas. There are an estimated one million Roma in the United States; and 800,000 in Brazil, most of whose ancestors emigrated in the nineteenth century from eastern Europe. Brazil also includes Romani descended from people deported by the government of Portugal during the Inquisition in the colonial era. In migrations since the late nineteenth century, Romani have also moved to Canada and countries in South America.
/m/06pk8	Spike Jonze is an American director, producer, screenwriter and actor, whose work includes music videos, commercials, film and television. He started his feature film directing career with Being John Malkovich and Adaptation, both of them written by Charlie Kaufman, and then started movies with screenplays of his own with Where the Wild Things Are and Her.\nJonze is well known for his music video collaborations with Fatboy Slim, Weezer, Beastie Boys, and Björk. He was a co-creator and executive producer of MTV's Jackass. He is currently the creative director of VBS.tv. He is part owner of skateboard company Girl Skateboards with riders Rick Howard and Mike Carroll.\nHe co-founded Directors Label, with filmmakers Chris Cunningham and Michel Gondry, and the Palm Pictures company.\nHe has been nominated for four Academy Awards: Best Director for Being John Malkovich, and Best Picture, Best Original Screenplay and Best Original Song for Her. He won the Golden Globe Award for Best Screenplay and the Writers Guild of America Award for Best Original Screenplay for Her.
/m/0281rb	Tarzana is a neighborhood in the San Fernando Valley region of the city of Los Angeles, California. Tarzana is a mostly residential community on the site of a former ranch owned by author Edgar Rice Burroughs. It is named after Burroughs' storybook jungle character hero, Tarzan.
/m/02t_99	Jennifer Ann \"Jenny\" McCarthy is an American model, television host, comedic actress, author, and anti-vaccine activist. She began her career in 1993 as a nude model for Playboy magazine and was later named their Playmate of the Year. McCarthy then parlayed her Playboy fame into a television and film acting career. She is currently a co-host on the ABC talk show The View.\nMcCarthy has written books about parenting, and has become an activist promoting research into environmental causes and alternative medical treatments for autism. She has claimed that vaccines cause autism and that chelation therapy helped cure her son of autism. Both claims are controversial and unsupported by the mainstream medical consensus, and her son's autism diagnosis has been questioned.
/m/09fqgj	Stardust is a 2007 British romantic fantasy film from Paramount Pictures, directed by Matthew Vaughn. The film is based on Neil Gaiman's novel of the same name and stars an ensemble cast including Charlie Cox, Ben Barnes, Michelle Pfeiffer, Claire Danes, Sienna Miller, Mark Strong, Jason Flemyng, Rupert Everett, Ricky Gervais, David Walliams, Nathaniel Parker, Peter O'Toole, David Kelly, Robert De Niro, Julian Rhind-Tutt, Mark Heap and Henry Cavill. Narration is by Ian McKellen.\nIn 2008, it won the Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation, Long Form.
/m/01pfr3	Garbage is a rock band formed in Madison, Wisconsin, in 1994. The group consists of Scottish singer Shirley Manson and American musicians Duke Erikson, Steve Marker, and Butch Vig. All four members are involved in songwriting and production. The band have counted worldwide album sales of over 17 million units.\nGarbage released a string of increasingly successful singles in 1995–1996, including \"Stupid Girl\" and \"Only Happy When It Rains\". Their debut album, Garbage, was an unexpected smash, selling over 4 million copies and certified double platinum in the UK, US, and Australia. Garbage won the Breakthrough Artist award at the 1996 MTV Europe Music Awards.\nGarbage spent two years working on follow-up album, Version 2.0, which topped the charts in the UK upon its 1998 release and the following year was nominated for two Grammy Awards, Album of the Year and Best Rock Album. Version 2.0 went on to match the sales of its predecessor. Garbage followed this up by performing and co-producing the theme song to the nineteenth James Bond movie The World Is Not Enough.\nDespite being named one of Rolling Stone's Top 10 Albums of the Year, Garbage's 2001 third album Beautiful Garbage failed to match the commercial success achieved by its predecessors. Garbage quietly disbanded in late 2003, but regrouped to complete fourth album Bleed Like Me in 2005, peaking at a career-high No. 4 in the US. The band cut short their concert tour in support of Bleed Like Me announcing an \"indefinite hiatus\", emphasizing that they had not broken up, but wished to pursue personal interests.
/m/05qgc	Poetry is a form of literary art which uses aesthetic and rhythmic qualities of language—such as phonaesthetics, sound symbolism, and metre—to evoke meanings in addition to, or in place of, the prosaic ostensible meaning.\nPoetry has a long history, dating back to the Sumerian Epic of Gilgamesh. Early poems evolved from folk songs such as the Chinese Shijing, or from a need to retell oral epics, as with the Sanskrit Vedas, Zoroastrian Gathas, and the Homeric epics, the Iliad and the Odyssey. Ancient attempts to define poetry, such as Aristotle's Poetics, focused on the uses of speech in rhetoric, drama, song and comedy. Later attempts concentrated on features such as repetition, verse form and rhyme, and emphasized the aesthetics which distinguish poetry from more objectively-informative, prosaic forms of writing. From the mid-20th century, poetry has sometimes been more generally regarded as a fundamental creative act employing language.\nPoetry uses forms and conventions to suggest differential interpretation to words, or to evoke emotive responses. Devices such as assonance, alliteration, onomatopoeia and rhythm are sometimes used to achieve musical or incantatory effects. The use of ambiguity, symbolism, irony and other stylistic elements of poetic diction often leaves a poem open to multiple interpretations. Similarly figures of speech such as metaphor, simile and metonymy create a resonance between otherwise disparate images—a layering of meanings, forming connections previously not perceived. Kindred forms of resonance may exist, between individual verses, in their patterns of rhyme or rhythm.
/m/0c0cs	The Executive Office of the President consists of the immediate staff of the current President of the United States and multiple levels of support staff reporting to the President. The EOP is headed by the White House Chief of Staff, currently Denis McDonough. The size of the White House staff has increased dramatically since 1939, and has grown to include an array of policy experts in various fields.
/m/03qx1r	Ariola Records is a German record label. As of the late 1980s, it was a subsidiary label of BMG which in turn has since become a part of the international media conglomerate SME.
/m/0y09	An analgesic, or painkiller, is any member of the group of drugs used to achieve analgesia — relief from pain. The word analgesic derives from Greek αν, \"without\", and άλγος, \"pain\".\nAnalgesic drugs act in various ways on the peripheral and central nervous systems. They are distinct from anesthetics, which reversibly eliminate sensation, and include paracetamol, the non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs such as the salicylates, and opioid drugs such as morphine and oxycodone.\nIn choosing analgesics, the severity and response to other medication determines the choice of agent; the World Health Organization pain ladder specifies mild analgesics as its first step.\nAnalgesic choice is also determined by the type of pain: For neuropathic pain, traditional analgesics are less effective, and there is often benefit from classes of drugs that are not normally considered analgesics, such as tricyclic antidepressants and anticonvulsants.
/m/04pk9	Lutheranism is a major branch of Western Christianity that identifies with the theology of Martin Luther, a German monk and theologian. Today, Lutheranism is one of the largest denominations by members of Protestantism and overall Christianity.\nLuther's efforts to reform the theology and practice of the Roman Catholic Church launched the Protestant Reformation in the mid 16th century in Germany. Beginning with the 95 Theses, first published in 1517, Luther's writings were disseminated internationally, spreading the early ideas of the Reformation beyond the influence and control of the Roman Catholic Curia and the Holy Roman Empire. The split between the Lutherans and the Roman Catholics was made clear and open with the 1521 Edict of Worms: the edicts of the Diet condemned Luther and officially outlawed citizens of the Holy Roman Empire from defending or propagating his ideas, subjecting advocates of Lutheranism to forfeiture of all property, specifying half of any seized property forfeit to the Imperial government and the remaining half forfeit to the party who brought the accusation. The divide primarily centered over the doctrine of Justification.\nLutheranism advocates a doctrine of justification \"by grace alone through faith alone because of Christ alone.\" Lutheranism also advocates the doctrine of \"glory to God alone.\" Lutheranism also holds to the belief of \"by Scripture alone\", the doctrine that the Bible is the final authority on all matters of faith, denying the Catholic belief of authority coming from both the Bible and the established Church Magisterium.
/m/027qgy	My Big Fat Greek Wedding is a 2002 Canadian-American romantic comedy film written by and starring Nia Vardalos and directed by Joel Zwick. The film is centered on Fotoula \"Toula\" Portokalos, a middle class Greek American woman who falls in love with a non-Greek upper middle class \"White Anglo-Saxon Protestant\" Ian Miller. At the 75th Academy Awards, it was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay. A sleeper hit, the film became the highest-grossing romantic comedy of all time, and grossed $241.4 million in North America, despite never reaching number one at the box office during its release.
/m/0r2l7	The city of Orange is located in Orange County, California. It is approximately 3 miles north of the county seat, Santa Ana. Orange is unusual in that many of the homes in its Old Town District were built prior to 1920; whereas many other cities in the region demolished such houses in the 1960s, Orange decided to preserve them. The small affluent city of Villa Park is surrounded by the city of Orange. The population was 136,416 at the 2010 census.
/m/02h53vq	A partner in a law firm, accounting firm, consulting firm, or financial firm is a highly ranked position. Originally, these businesses were set up as legal partnerships in which the partners were entitled to a share of the profits of the enterprise. The name has remained even though many of these entities are now corporations and equity is usally held by shareholders. Sometimes senior employees of the firm may have the title \"partner\" to indicate a profit sharing status. Salaried partners are distinguished from equity partners, who own the business.
/m/02qmsr	The Yards is a 2000 American crime film featuring Mark Wahlberg, James Caan, Joaquin Phoenix, and Charlize Theron, written and directed by James Gray. It was shot in the spring and summer of 1998 but not released until the fall of 2000 due to studio delays.\nThe setting is the commuter rail yards in New York City, in the boroughs of the Bronx, Queens, and Brooklyn. In the film's plot, Corporate and political corruption are commonplace in \"the yards,\" where contractors repair railway cars for the city Transit Authority. Companies wanting to win the bid sabotage rival companies' work to do so. Murder and bribery of officials are commonplace.
/m/0sxrz	The 1920 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the VII Olympiad, were an international multi-sport event in 1920 in Antwerp, Belgium. The 1920 Games were awarded to Antwerp to honour the people of that city after the suffering they endured during World War I. Though the majority of events took place in Belgium, there was a single sailing event which took place in Dutch waters and as such, the games were officially in both countries.\nThe 1916 Summer Olympics, to be held in Berlin, capital of the German Empire, were cancelled due to the war. The aftermath of the war and the Paris Peace Conference, 1919 affected the Olympic Games not only due to new states being created, but also by sanctions against the nations that lost the war and were blamed for starting it. Hungary, Germany, Austria, Bulgaria, and Turkey were banned from competing in the Games. Germany remained banned until 1925, and instead hosted a series of games called Deutsche Kampfspiele, starting with the Winter edition of 1922.
/m/078lk	Sardinia is the second largest island in the Mediterranean Sea and an autonomous region of Italy. The nearest land masses are the island of Corsica, the Italian Peninsula, Sicily, Tunisia, the Balearic Islands and Provence.\nThe region has its capital in its largest city, Cagliari, and is divided into eight provinces. All local languages enjoy \"equal dignity\" with Italian each in the concerned territory by a regional law.
/m/0413cff	Motherland is a 2010 independent documentary film directed and written by Owen 'Alik Shahadah. Motherland is the sequel to the multiaward winning film 500 Years Later.
/m/0cv9t5	King Records was an American record label, started in 1943 by Syd Nathan and originally headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio. It now operates as a reissue label for its past material.
/m/0glyyw	Bruce Berman is Chairman and CEO of Village Roadshow Pictures. The company has a successful joint partnership with Warner Bros. Pictures to co-produce a wide range of motion pictures, with all films distributed worldwide by Warner Bros. and in select territories by Village Roadshow Pictures.\nUnder the Village Roadshow Pictures banner, Berman has executive produced such wide-ranging successes as director Baz Luhrmann’s box office hit “The Great Gatsby” starring Leonardo DiCaprio, Carey Mulligan and Tobey Maguire; director Guy Ritchie’s hit action adventure “Sherlock Holmes,” starring Robert Downey, Jr. and Jude Law and its sequel “Sherlock Holmes: A Game of Shadows,” “Sex And The City 2” starring Sarah Jessica Parker, Kim Cattrall, Cynthia Nixon, and Kristin Davis; “Ocean’s Thirteen” starring Brad Pitt and George Clooney; the acclaimed drama “Gran Torino,” directed by and starring Clint Eastwood; the blockbuster “I Am Legend,” starring Will Smith; and George Miller’s Oscar®-winning animated adventure “Happy Feet.”\nBerman’s upcoming credits include George Miller’s “Mad Max: Fury Road; the animated “The LEGO Movie”; the sci-fi thriller “All You Need is Kill,” starring Tom Cruise; and the Wachowski’s sci-fi adventure “Jupiter Ascending.”
/m/0nzny	Fulton County is a county located in the State of Georgia. Its county seat is Atlanta, the state capital since 1868. 90% of the City of Atlanta is within Fulton County. Fulton County is the principal county of the Atlanta metropolitan area. As of the 2010 census, the population was 920,581; however, Atlanta mayor Kasim Reed suspects significant undercounting in the City of Atlanta, which implies similar concerns for Fulton County as a whole – the 2009 estimate of the county's population was 1,020,014, 10.8% higher than the 2010 census results. The current 2012 estimate for the population of Fulton County is 977,773.\nFulton County is one of the five core counties of the Atlanta metropolitan area and the most populous county in the U.S. state of Georgia.
/m/0bvqq	Westminster Abbey, formally titled the Collegiate Church of St Peter at Westminster, is a large, mainly Gothic, church in the City of Westminster, London, located just to the west of the Palace of Westminster. It is one of the most notable religious buildings in the United Kingdom and is the traditional place of coronation and burial site for English and, later, British monarchs. The abbey is a Royal Peculiar and between 1540 and 1550 had the status of a cathedral.\nAccording to a tradition first reported by Sulcard in about 1080, a church was founded at the site in the 7th century, at the time of Mellitus, a Bishop of London. Construction of the present church was begun in 1245, on the orders of Henry III.\nSince 1066, when Harold Godwinson and William the Conqueror were crowned, the coronations of English and British monarchs have been held here. Since 1100, there have been at least 16 royal weddings at the abbey. Two were of reigning monarchs, although before 1919 there had been none for some 500 years.
/m/06q8hf	Robert \"Bob\" Weinstein is an American film producer. He is the founder and head of Dimension Films, former co-chairman of Miramax Films, and current head, with his brother Harvey Weinstein, of The Weinstein Company. Of the two Weinstein brothers, Bob has a reputation as the quieter of the two, and has focused on making commercially successful action and horror films.
/m/02rcwq0	Damages is an American legal thriller television series created by the writing and production trio of Daniel Zelman and brothers Glenn and Todd A. Kessler. It premiered on July 24, 2007 on FX and aired for three seasons before moving to the DirecTV channel Audience Network in 2010, where it aired for a further two seasons, concluding with the fifth season.\nThe plot revolves around the brilliant, ruthless lawyer Patty Hewes and her protégée, recent law school graduate Ellen Parsons. Each season features a major case that Hewes and her firm take on, while also examining a chapter of the complicated relationship between Ellen and Patty. The first two seasons center around the law firm Hewes & Associates. Later seasons center more on Patty and Ellen's relationship as Ellen attempts to distance herself from Hewes & Associates professionally and personally.\nKnown for its depiction of season-long cases from the point of view of both the law firm and the target, the series is noted for its plot twists, nonlinear narrative, technical merit, and the Emmy Award winning performances of its cast. The series has received widespread critical acclaim and several television award nominations, with Close and first-season co-star Željko Ivanek winning a Primetime Emmy Award for their performances, while several of the other performers have been nominated as well. The series has attracted various stars to play characters on the side against Hewes, including Ted Danson, William Hurt, Marcia Gay Harden, Martin Short, Lily Tomlin, John Goodman, Dylan Baker, Ryan Phillippe, and John Hannah.
/m/0gt14	Mr. Smith Goes to Washington is a 1939 American political comedy-drama film, starring Jean Arthur and James Stewart, about one man's effect on American politics. It was directed by Frank Capra and written by Sidney Buchman, based on Lewis R. Foster's unpublished story. Mr. Smith Goes to Washington was controversial when it was released, but also successful at the box office, and made Stewart a major movie star. The film features a bevy of well-known supporting actors and actresses, among them Claude Rains, Edward Arnold, Guy Kibbee, Thomas Mitchell and Beulah Bondi.\nMr. Smith Goes to Washington was nominated for 11 Academy Awards, winning for Best Original Story. In 1989, the Library of Congress added the movie to the United States National Film Registry, for being \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant\".
/m/049fgvm	Louis Szekely, known professionally as Louis C.K., is an American comedian, screenwriter, producer, film director, actor, voice actor, and film editor. He is the creator, star, writer, director, and—until February 2012—editor of the FX comedy series Louie. Over the course of his career, he has been nominated for 25 Primetime Emmy Awards.
/m/03jgz	A historian is a person who studies and writes about the past and is regarded as an authority on it. Historians are concerned with the continuous, methodical narrative and research of past events as relating to the human race; as well as the study of all history in time. If the individual is concerned with events preceding written history, the individual is a historian of prehistory. Although \"historian\" can be used to describe amateur and professional historians alike, it is reserved more recently for those who have acquired graduate degrees in the discipline. Some historians, though, are recognized by publications or training and experience. \"Historian\" became a professional occupation in the late nineteenth century as research universities were emerging in Germany and elsewhere.
/m/01l1ls	Carol Creighton Burnett is an American actress, comedian, singer, and writer. She is best known for her long-running TV variety show, The Carol Burnett Show, for CBS. She has achieved success on stage, television, and film in varying genres including dramatic and comedy roles.\nAfter a difficult childhood in San Antonio with alcoholic parents, Burnett discovered acting and comedy in college. She performed in nightclubs in New York City and had a breakout success on Broadway in 1959 in Once Upon a Mattress, receiving a Tony Award nomination. She soon made her television debut, regularly appearing on The Garry Moore Show for the next three years, and winning her first Emmy Award in 1962. Burnett moved to Los Angeles and began an 11-year run on The Carol Burnett Show which was aired on CBS television from 1967 to 1978. With roots in vaudeville, The Carol Burnett Show was a variety show that combined comedy sketches, song and dance. The comedy sketches included film parodies and character pieces. Burnett created many memorable characters during the show's television run, and both she and the show won numerous Emmy and Golden Globe Awards.\nDuring and after her variety show, Burnett appeared in many television and film projects. Her film roles include Pete 'n' Tillie, The Four Seasons, Annie, Noises Off, and Horton Hears a Who!. On television, she has appeared in other sketch shows; in dramatic roles in 6 Rms Riv Vu and Friendly Fire; in various well-regarded guest roles, such as in Mad About You, for which she won an Emmy Award; and in specials with Julie Andrews, Dolly Parton, Beverly Sills, and others. She was also back on Broadway in 1995 in Moon Over Buffalo, for which she was nominated for a Tony Award.
/m/0187x8	Muse are an English rock band from Teignmouth, Devon, formed in 1994. The band consists of school friends Matthew Bellamy, Christopher Wolstenholme and Dominic Howard.\nSince the release of their 2006 album Black Holes and Revelations, keyboardist and percussionist Morgan Nicholls has performed live with the band. Muse are known for their energetic and extravagant live performances and their fusion of many music genres, including space rock, progressive rock, alternative rock, symphonic rock and electronica.\nMuse have released six studio albums: Showbiz, Origin of Symmetry, Absolution, Black Holes and Revelations, The Resistance and The 2nd Law. They have also issued four live albums, Hullabaloo Soundtrack, which is also a compilation of B-sides, Absolution Tour, which documents several of the band's performances such as Glastonbury Festival 2004, HAARP, which documents the band's performances at Wembley Stadium in 2007 and Live at Rome Olympic Stadium which was shot in 4k and taken from the band's successful Rome show during The 2nd Law World Tour.
/m/01v3k2	Swansea University is a public research university located in Swansea, Wales, United Kingdom. Swansea University was chartered as University College of Swansea in 1920, as the fourth college of the University of Wales. In 1996, it changed its name to the University of Wales Swansea following structural changes within the University of Wales. The new title of Swansea University was formally adopted on 1 September 2007 when the University of Wales became a non-membership confederal institution and the former members became universities in their own right.\nIt is the third largest university in Wales in terms of number of students. The university campus is located next to the coast at the north of Swansea Bay, east of the Gower Peninsula, in the grounds of Singleton Park, just outside Swansea city centre. Swansea was granted its own degree-awarding powers in 2005 in preparation for possible changes within the University of Wales.\nSwansea and Cardiff University compete in an annual varsity match, known as the Welsh version of the Oxbridge event, which includes the Welsh Varsity rugby and The Welsh Boat Race.
/m/012t_z	A businessperson is a business professional; especially one with a senior position.\nGender-specific names for a businessperson are businessman and businesswoman. The word businessman was first attested in 1826; businesswoman in 1844; and businessperson in 1974.\nAn extraordinarily wealthy or powerful businessperson is called a business magnate or tycoon.
/m/05g8ky	Josh Schwartz is an American screenwriter and television producer. Schwartz is best known for creating and executive producing the Fox teen drama series The O.C. Schwartz recently developed The CW's teen drama series Gossip Girl from the Gossip Girl book series, and co-created NBC's action-comedy-spy series, Chuck.\nAt 26, he became one of the youngest people in network history to create a network series and run its day-to-day production when he ran The O.C. He currently resides in Los Angeles.
/m/01wzs_q	Kenichi Ogata is a Japanese voice actor from Tagawa, Fukuoka Prefecture.\nSome of his most notable projects have been Ranma ½ as Genma Saotome, Mahōjin Guru Guru as Kita Kita Oyaji, Detective Conan as Professor Hiroshi Agasa, Atashin'chi as Father, InuYasha as Myōga, Kirby: Right Back at Ya! as King Dedede, and the Ganbare Goemon series as Ebisumaru.\nThe work in which he voiced the most characters was in the Super Robot Wars series. He used to work at Aoni Production and now is working at Production Baobab.
/m/03rlps	Folktronica or electrofolk is a genre of music comprising various elements of folk music and electronica, often featuring samplings of acoustic instruments—especially stringed instruments—and incorporating hip hop or dance rhythms. Typically, computers are used during the recording process.
/m/06y3r	Steven Paul \"Steve\" Jobs was an American entrepreneur, marketer, and inventor, who was the co-founder, chairman, and CEO of Apple Inc. Through Apple, he is widely recognized as a charismatic pioneer of the personal computer revolution and for his influential career in the computer and consumer electronics fields, transforming \"one industry after another, from computers and smartphones to music and movies\". Jobs also co-founded and served as chief executive of Pixar Animation Studios; he became a member of the board of directors of The Walt Disney Company in 2006, when Disney acquired Pixar. Jobs was among the first to see the commercial potential of Xerox PARC's mouse-driven graphical user interface, which led to the creation of the Apple Lisa and, a year later, the Macintosh. He also played a role in introducing the LaserWriter, one of the first widely available laser printers, to the market.\nAfter a power struggle with the board of directors in 1985, Jobs left Apple and founded NeXT, a computer platform development company specializing in the higher-education and business markets. In 1986, he acquired the computer graphics division of Lucasfilm, which was spun off as Pixar. He was credited in Toy Story as an executive producer. He served as CEO and majority shareholder until Disney's purchase of Pixar in 2006. In 1996, after Apple had failed to deliver its operating system, Copland, Gil Amelio turned to NeXT Computer, and the NeXTSTEP platform became the foundation for the Mac OS X. Jobs returned to Apple as an advisor, and took control of the company as an interim CEO. Jobs brought Apple from near bankruptcy to profitability by 1998.
/m/02phtzk	The Kite Runner is a 2007 American drama film directed by Marc Forster based on the novel of the same name by Khaled Hosseini. It tells the story of Amir, a well-to-do boy from the Wazir Akbar Khan district of Kabul, who is tormented by the guilt of abandoning his friend Hassan, the son of his father's Hazara servant. The story is set against a backdrop of tumultuous events, from the fall of the monarchy in Afghanistan through the Soviet military intervention, the mass exodus of Afghan refugees to Pakistan and the United States, and the Taliban regime.\nThough most of the film is set in Afghanistan, these parts were mostly shot in Kashgar, China, due to the dangers of filming in Afghanistan at the time. The majority of the film's dialogue is in Dari, with the remainder spoken in English. The child actors are native speakers, but several adult actors had to learn Dari. Filming wrapped up on December 21, 2006, and the film was expected to be released on November 2, 2007. However, after concern for the safety of the young actors in the film due to fears of violent reprisals to the sexual nature of some scenes in which they appear, its release date was pushed back six weeks to December 14, 2007. The Kite Runner was released on DVD on March 25, 2008. A HD DVD release was announced for the same date, but was canceled following the format's demise.
/m/07j94	The Sixth Sense is a 1999 American supernatural thriller film written and directed by M. Night Shyamalan. The film tells the story of Cole Sear, a troubled, isolated boy who is able to see and talk to the dead, and an equally troubled child psychologist who tries to help him. The film established Shyamalan as a writer and director, and introduced the cinema public to his traits, most notably his affinity for surprise endings. The film was nominated for six Academy Awards, including Best Picture.
/m/01dg3s	Poole is a large coastal town and seaport in the county of Dorset, on the south coast of England. The town is 33 kilometres east of Dorchester, and Bournemouth adjoins Poole to the east. The local council is Poole Borough Council and was made a unitary authority in 1997, gaining administrative independence from Dorset County Council. The town had a population of 138,288 according to the 2001 census, making it the second largest settlement in Dorset. Together with Bournemouth and Christchurch, the town forms the South East Dorset conurbation with a total population of over 400,000.\nHuman settlement in the area dates back to before the Iron Age. The earliest recorded use of the town's name was in the 12th century when the town began to emerge as an important port, prospering with the introduction of the wool trade. In later centuries the town had important trade links with North America and at its peak in the 18th century it was one of the busiest ports in Britain. During the Second World War, the town was one of the main departing points for the D-Day landings of the Normandy Invasion.\nPoole is a tourist resort, attracting visitors with its large natural harbour, history, the Lighthouse arts centre and Blue Flag beaches. The town has a busy commercial port with cross-Channel freight and passenger ferry services. The headquarters of the Royal National Lifeboat Institution are located in Poole, and the Royal Marines have a base in the town's harbour. Despite their names, Poole is the home of The Arts University Bournemouth, the Bournemouth Symphony Orchestra and a significant part of Bournemouth University.
/m/0jdr0	The Third Man is a 1949 British film noir, directed by Carol Reed and starring Joseph Cotten, Alida Valli, Orson Welles, and Trevor Howard. It is particularly remembered for its atmospheric cinematography, performances, and musical score, and it is considered one of the greatest films of all time. The screenplay was written by novelist Graham Greene, who subsequently published the novella of the same name. Anton Karas wrote and performed the score, which used only the zither; its title music \"The Third Man Theme\" also topped the international music charts in 1950, bringing the hitherto unknown performer international fame.
/m/02x08c	Richard Weedt Widmark was an American film, stage and television actor.\nHe was nominated for an Academy Award for his role as the villainous Tommy Udo in his debut film, Kiss of Death, for which he also won the Golden Globe Award for Most Promising Newcomer. Early in his career Widmark specialized in similar villainous or anti-hero roles in films noir, but he later branched out into more heroic leading and support roles in westerns, mainstream dramas and horror films, among others.\nFor his contribution to the motion picture industry, Widmark has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 6800 Hollywood Boulevard. In 2002, he was inducted into the Western Performers Hall of Fame at the National Cowboy & Western Heritage Museum in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.
/m/075wq	Saint Patrick was a 5th-century Romano-British Christian missionary and bishop in Ireland. Known as the \"Apostle of Ireland\", he is the primary patron saint of the island along with Saints Brigit and Columba.\nThe dates of Patrick's life cannot be fixed with certainty but, on a widespread interpretation, he was active as a missionary in Ireland during the second half of the fifth century. He is generally credited with being the first bishop of Armagh, Primate of Ireland.\nWhen he was about 16, he was captured from his home in Great Britain, and taken as a slave to Ireland, where he lived for six years before escaping and returning to his family. After becoming a cleric, he returned to northern and western Ireland. In later life, he served as an ordained bishop, but little is known about the places where he worked. By the seventh century, he had already come to be revered as the patron saint of Ireland.\nSaint Patrick's Day is observed on 17 March, the date of his death. It is celebrated inside and outside Ireland as a religious and cultural holiday. In the dioceses of Ireland, it is both a solemnity and a holy day of obligation; it is also a celebration of Ireland itself.
/m/02cpb7	Thandiwe Melanie \"Thandie\" Newton is an English actress. She has appeared in a number of British and American films, including The Pursuit of Happyness, Mission: Impossible II, Crash, Run Fatboy Run, W., 2012, Norbit, For Colored Girls and Good Deeds.
/m/01v_pj6	Norman Quentin Cook, also known by his stage name Fatboy Slim, is a British DJ, musician, rapper, and record producer. As a solo electronic act, he has won ten MTV Video Music Awards and two Brit Awards. His records as Fatboy Slim also helped to popularise the big beat genre which achieved mainstream popularity in the 1990s.\nCook first rose to fame in the 1980s as the bassist of the indie rock band The Housemartins who scored a UK number-one single with their a capella cover of Isley-Jasper-Isley's \"Caravan of Love\". After the band split, Cook formed Beats International whose début album spawned their signature hit, \"Dub Be Good to Me\" which was another UK number-one as well as going on to become the seventh best-selling single of 1990 in the UK. Cook then went on to join numerous other acts including Freak Power, Pizzaman and The Mighty Dub Katz to moderate success.\nCook adopted the Fatboy Slim moniker in 1996 and released Better Living Through Chemistry to critical acclaim. Follow ups You've Come a Long Way, Baby and Halfway Between the Gutter and the Stars, as well as their associated singles including \"The Rockafeller Skank\", \"Praise You\", \"Right Here Right Now\" and \"Weapon of Choice\" were also met with positive reviews and commercial success.
/m/04h07s	Orville Willis Forte IV, better known as Will Forte, is an American comedic actor and writer best known for his roles as a cast member on Saturday Night Live, the title character of its spin-off film MacGruber, Paul L'Astnamé in 30 Rock, and David Grant in Nebraska.
/m/03jv8d	The Fourth Coalition against Napoleon's French Empire was defeated in a war spanning 1806–1807. Coalition partners included Prussia, Russia, Saxony, Sweden, and the Great Britain.\nMany members of the coalition had previously been fighting France as part of the Third Coalition, and there was no intervening period of general peace. In 1806, Prussia joined a renewed coalition, fearing the rise in French power after the defeat of Austria and establishment of the French-sponsored Confederation of the Rhine. Prussia and Russia mobilized for a fresh campaign, and Prussian troops massed in Saxony.\nNapoleon decisively defeated the Prussians in a lightning campaign that culminated at the Battle of Jena-Auerstedt on 14 October 1806. French forces under Napoleon occupied Prussia, pursued the remnants of the shattered Prussian Army, and captured Berlin on 25 October 1806. They then advanced all the way to East Prussia, Poland and the Russian frontier, where they fought an inconclusive battle against the Russians at Eylau on 7–8 February 1807. Napoleon's advance on the Russian frontier was briefly checked during the spring as he revitalized his army. Russian forces were finally crushed by the French at Friedland on 14 June 1807, and three days later Russia asked for a truce. By the Treaties of Tilsit in July 1807, France made peace with Russia, which agreed to join the Continental System. The treaty however, was particularly harsh on Prussia as Napoleon demanded much of Prussia's territory along the lower Rhine west of the Elbe, and in what was part of the former Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth. Respectively, these acquisitions were incorporated into his brother Jérôme Bonaparte's new Kingdom of Westphalia, and established the Duchy of Warsaw. The end of the war saw Napoleon master of almost all of western and central continental Europe, except for Spain, Portugal, Austria and several smaller states.
/m/02y_lrp	The Love Guru is a 2008 romantic comedy film directed by Marco Schnabel in his directorial debut, written and produced by Mike Myers, and starring Mike Myers, Jessica Alba, Justin Timberlake, Romany Malco, Meagan Good, Verne Troyer, John Oliver, Omid Djalili, and Ben Kingsley.
/m/04vq33	Joan of Arc is a 1948 American epic historical drama film directed by Victor Fleming, and starring Ingrid Bergman as the French religious icon and war heroine. It was produced by Walter Wanger. It is based on Maxwell Anderson's successful Broadway play Joan of Lorraine, which also starred Bergman, and was adapted for the screen by Anderson himself, in collaboration with Andrew Solt. It is the only film of an Anderson play for which the author himself wrote the film script.\nBergman had been lobbying to play Joan for many years, and this film was considered a dream project for her. It received mixed reviews and lower-than-expected box office, though it clearly was not a \"financial disaster\" as is often claimed. Donald Spoto, in a biography of Ingrid Bergman, even claims that \"the critics' denunciations notwithstanding, the film earned back its investment with a sturdy profit\".\nThe movie is considered by some to mark the start of a low period in the actress's career that would last until she made Anastasia in 1956. In April 1949, five months after the release of the film, and before it had gone out on general release, the revelation of Bergman's extramarital relationship with Italian director Roberto Rossellini brought her American screen career to a temporary halt. The nearly two-and-a-half hour film was subsequently drastically edited for its general release, and was not restored to its original length for nearly fifty years.
/m/02xfrd	Chiranjeevi is an Indian film actor, producer, politician and a member of the Indian National Congress. He is the Minister of State with independent charge for the Ministry of Tourism, Government of India. Prior to politics, Chiranjeevi had worked primarily in Telugu cinema, including Tamil, Kannada and Hindi films. He made his acting debut in 1978, in the film Punadhirallu. However, Pranam Khareedu was released earlier at the box office.\nThe entertainment magazines Filmfare and India Today named him \"Bigger than Bachchan\", a reference to Bollywood’s Amitabh Bachchan. In 1987, he became the first south Indian actor to be invited to attend the 59th Academy Awards ceremony. News magazine The Week hailed him as \"The new money machine\". The film made Chiranjeevi the highest paid actor in India at the time, catapulting him to hit the cover pages of noted national weekly magazines in India. He was paid a remuneration of 1.25 crores for the 1992 film Aapad Bandhavudu. In 2002, Chiranjeevi was given the Samman Award for the Highest Income Tax Payer for the assessment year 1999-2000 by the Minister of State for Finance, Government of India. A poll conducted in Andhra Pradesh by the English news channel CNN-IBN in 2006 named that Chiranjeevi the most popular star of the Telugu Film Industry.
/m/0bdt8	Ingrid Bergman was a Swedish actress who starred in a variety of European and American films. She won three Academy Awards, two Emmy Awards, four Golden Globe Awards and the Tony Award for Best Actress. She is ranked as the fourth greatest female star of American cinema of all time by the American Film Institute. She is best remembered for her roles as Ilsa Lund in Casablanca, a World War II drama co-starring Humphrey Bogart, and as Alicia Huberman in Notorious, an Alfred Hitchcock thriller co-starring Cary Grant.\nBefore becoming a star in American films, she had been a leading actress in Swedish films. Her first introduction to U.S. audiences came with her starring role in the English-language remake of Intermezzo in 1939. In the United States, she brought to the screen a \"Nordic freshness and vitality\", along with exceptional beauty and intelligence, and according to the St. James Encyclopedia of Popular Culture, she quickly became \"the ideal of American womanhood\" and one of Hollywood's greatest leading actresses.\nAfter her performance in Victor Fleming's remake of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde in 1941, she was noticed by her future producer David O. Selznick, who called her \"the most completely conscientious actress\" he had ever worked with. He gave her a seven-year acting contract, thereby supporting her continued success. A few of her other starring roles, besides Casablanca, included For Whom the Bell Tolls, Gaslight, The Bells of St. Mary's, Alfred Hitchcock's Spellbound, Notorious, and Under Capricorn, and the independent production, Joan of Arc.
/m/01qygl	Procter & Gamble Co., also known as P&G, is an American multinational consumer goods company headquartered in downtown Cincinnati, Ohio, United States, founded by William Procter and James Gamble, both from the United Kingdom. Its products include pet foods, cleaning agents, and personal care products. Prior to the sale of Pringles to the Kellogg Company, its product line included foods and beverages.\nIn 2012, P&G recorded $83.68 billion in sales. Fortune magazine awarded P&G a top spot on its list of \"Global Top Companies for Leaders\", and ranked the company at fifteenth place of the \"World's Most Admired Companies\" list. Chief Executive Magazine named P&G the best overall company for leadership development in its list of the \"40 Best Companies for Leaders\".
/m/0jzc	Arabic is a name for what are traditionally considered the descendants of the Classical Arabic language of the 6th century. This includes both the literary language and varieties of Arabic spoken in a wide arc of territory, stretching across the Middle East, North Africa, and the Horn of Africa. Arabic belongs to the Afro-Asiatic language family.\nThe literary language is called Modern Standard Arabic or Literary Arabic which is a Pluricentric language. It is currently the only official form of Arabic, used in most written documents as well as in formal spoken occasions, such as lectures and news broadcasts. However, this varies from one country to the other. In 1912, Moroccan Arabic was official in Morocco for some time, before Morocco joined the Arab League.\nArabic languages are Central Semitic languages, most closely related to Aramaic, Hebrew, Ugaritic and Phoenician. The standardized written Arabic is distinct from and more conservative than all of the spoken varieties, and the two exist in a state known as diglossia, used side-by-side for different societal functions.\nSome of the spoken varieties are mutually unintelligible, both written and orally, and the varieties as a whole constitute a sociolinguistic language. This means that on purely linguistic grounds they would likely be considered to constitute more than one language, but are commonly grouped together as a single language for political and/or religious reasons. If considered multiple languages, it is unclear how many languages there would be, as the spoken varieties form a dialect chain with no clear boundaries. If Arabic is considered a single language, it perhaps is spoken by as many as 422 million speakers in the Arab world, making it one of the half dozen most populous languages in the world. If considered separate languages, the most-spoken variety would most likely be Egyptian Arabic, with 54 million native speakers—still greater than any other Semitic language. Arabic also is a liturgical language of 1.6 billion Muslim speakers. It is one of six official languages of the United Nations.
/m/01n6r0	The University of Oregon is a public, coeducational research university in Eugene, Oregon, United States. UO was founded in 1876 and graduated its first class two years later. The Carnegie Foundation classifies the University of Oregon as a Tier 1 RU/VH university. It is one of 108 universities to have such a designation. Additionally, the UO is one of only two Association of American Universities members in the Pacific Northwest.\nAs a flagship university of the Oregon University System, the UO is one of the nation's many public teaching and research universities. The current UO student body is composed of students from all 50 of the United States, the District of Columbia, two U.S. territories, and 89 countries around the world. As of Fall 2012, UO offers 269 degree programs, including highly nationally-ranked graduate programs in Biology, Business, Education, Environmental Law, Geological Sciences, Physics, Psychology, Sports Marketing, and Sustainable Design.\nAs of March 2012, University of Oregon faculty and alumni include two Nobel Prize recipients, 10 Pulitzer Prize winners, 19 Rhodes scholars, four Marshall scholars, 58 Guggenheim Fellows, and 129 Fulbright scholars.
/m/0chhs	The Invasion of Normandy was the invasion and establishment of Western Allied forces in Normandy, during Operation Overlord in 1944 during World War II, the largest amphibious invasion to ever take place.\nD-Day, the date of the initial assaults, was Tuesday 6 June 1944 and Allied land forces that saw combat in Normandy on that day came from Canada, the Free French Forces, the United Kingdom, and the United States. In the weeks following the invasion, Polish forces also participated, as well as contingents from Belgium, Czechoslovakia, Greece, and the Netherlands. Most of the above countries also provided air and naval support, as did the Royal Australian Air Force, the Royal New Zealand Air Force, and the Royal Norwegian Navy.\nThe Normandy invasion began with overnight parachute and glider landings, massive air attacks and naval bombardments. In the early morning, amphibious landings on five beaches codenamed Juno, Gold, Omaha, Utah, and Sword began and during the evening the remaining elements of the parachute divisions landed. Land forces used on D-Day deployed from bases along the south coast of England, the most important of these being Portsmouth.
/m/04qz6n	Laura Elizabeth Innes is an American actress and television director, best known for her role as Dr. Kerry Weaver on the NBC medical drama ER, and most recently, as Sophia on the NBC thriller The Event.
/m/07hwkr	White Americans are people of the United States who are considered or consider themselves White. The United States Census Bureau defines White people as those \"having origins in any of the original peoples of Europe, the Middle East, or North Africa. It includes people who indicated their race as \"White\" or reported entries such as Irish, German, Italian, Lebanese, Arab, Moroccan, or Caucasian\" and so is a wider group than European American. Like all official U.S. racial categories, \"White\" has a \"Not Hispanic or Latino\" and a \"Hispanic or Latino\" component, the latter consisting mostly of White Mexican Americans and white Cuban Americans. The term \"Caucasian\" is often used interchangeably with \"White\", although the terms are not synonymous.\nThe ten largest ancestries of American Whites are: German Americans, Irish Americans, English Americans, Italian Americans, French Americans, Polish Americans, Scottish Americans, Dutch Americans, Norwegian Americans, and Swedish Americans.\nWhites constitute the majority, with a total of 223,553,265, or 72.4% of the population in the 2010 United States Census. Non-Hispanic whites totaled 196,817,552, or 63.7% of the U.S. population.
/m/0dlhg	Washington County is a county located in the U.S. state of New York. It is part of the Glens Falls, New York, Metropolitan Statistical Area. As of the 2010 census, the population was 63,216. It was named for the Revolutionary War general George Washington. The county seat is Fort Edward.
/m/0g133	Perth is a city in central Scotland, located on the banks of the River Tay. It is the administrative centre of Perth and Kinross council area and the historic county town of Perthshire. According to the preliminary 2011 census results Perth, including its immediate suburbs, has a population of 50,000. Perth has been known as The Fair City since the publication of the story Fair Maid of Perth by Scottish writer Sir Walter Scott in 1828. During the later medieval period the town was also called St John's Toun or Saint Johnstoun by its inhabitants in reference to the main church dedicated to St John the Baptist. This name is preserved by the town's football team, St. Johnstone F.C.\nThe name Perth comes from a Pictish word for wood or copse. There has been a settlement at Perth since prehistoric times, on a natural mound raised slightly above the flood plain of the Tay, where the river could be crossed at low tide. The area surrounding the modern city is known to have been occupied since Mesolithic hunter-gatherers arrived more than 8000 years ago. Nearby Neolithic standing stones and circles also exist, dating from about 4000 BC, following the introduction of farming in the area.
/m/018kcp	STV is a television channel in Scotland. It operates the two ITV licensees in northern and central Scotland, formerly known as Grampian Television and Scottish Television. The brand was adopted on Tuesday 30 May 2006 replacing both franchises' identities.
/m/010rvx	Bremerton is a city in Kitsap County, Washington, United States. The population was 39,251 at the 2012 State Estimate, making it the largest city on the Kitsap Peninsula. Bremerton is home to Puget Sound Naval Shipyard and the Bremerton Annex of Naval Base Kitsap. Bremerton is connected to downtown Seattle by a 55-minute ferry route, which carries both vehicles and walk-on passengers along a 17 mile sailing to Seattle.
/m/07mb57	Chris Menges BSC, ASC, is an English cinematographer and film director. He is a member of both the American and British Societies of Cinematographers.
/m/0fpkhkz	Melancholia is a 2011 apocalyptic drama film written and directed by Lars von Trier, starring Kirsten Dunst, Charlotte Gainsbourg, Alexander Skarsgård, and Kiefer Sutherland. The narrative revolves around two sisters during and shortly after one's wedding, while an approaching rogue planet is about to collide with Earth. The film prominently features music from the prelude to Richard Wagner's opera Tristan und Isolde.\nVon Trier's initial inspiration for the film came from a depressive episode he suffered and the insight that depressed people remain calm in stressful situations. The film is a Danish production by Zentropa, with international co-producers in Sweden, France, and Germany. Filming took place in Sweden.\nThe film premiered 18 May 2011 at the 64th Cannes Film Festival. Dunst received the festival's Best Actress Award for her performance.
/m/02kx91	UTV is a commercial television broadcaster in Northern Ireland owned and operated by UTV Media plc as part of the UK-wide ITV Network. Formed in November 1958 and appointed as programme contractor for the Independent Television Authority soon after, UTV was the first indigenous broadcaster in Ireland and is today available throughout the island.
/m/02pq9yv	Graham King, OBE is a British film producer. He is President and CEO of production companies Initial Entertainment Group and GK Films. He is best known for his Academy Award winning 2006 crime thriller film The Departed, which was awarded the Best Picture Oscar at the 79th Academy Awards. He has had two major commercial successes as producer, The Departed and The Tourist.\nKing was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire in the 2010 New Year Honours.
/m/0jzw	Apocalypse Now is a 1979 American epic war film set during the Vietnam War, directed and produced by Francis Ford Coppola and starring Marlon Brando, Robert Duvall, and Martin Sheen. The film follows the central character, U.S. Army special operations officer Captain Benjamin L. Willard, of MACV-SOG, on a mission to kill the renegade and presumed insane U.S. Army Special Forces Colonel Walter E. Kurtz.\nThe screenplay by John Milius and Coppola came from Milius's idea of adapting Joseph Conrad's novella Heart of Darkness into the Vietnam War era. It also draws from Michael Herr's Dispatches, the film version of Conrad's Lord Jim which shares the same character of Marlow with Heart of Darkness, and Werner Herzog's Aguirre, the Wrath of God.\nThe film has been cited for the problems encountered while making it. These problems were chronicled in the documentary Hearts of Darkness: A Filmmaker's Apocalypse, which recounted the stories of Brando arriving on the set overweight and completely unprepared; costly sets being destroyed by severe weather; and its lead actor suffering a heart attack while on location. Problems continued after production as the release was postponed several times while Coppola edited millions of feet of footage.
/m/084n_	The Weimar Republic is the name given by historians to the federal republic and semipresidential representative democracy established in 1919 in Germany to replace the imperial form of government. It is named after Weimar, the city where the constitutional assembly took place. During this period, and well into the succeeding Nazi era, the official name of the state was German Reich, which continued on from the pre-1918 Imperial period.\nFollowing World War I, the republic emerged from the German Revolution in November 1918. In 1919, a national assembly was convened in Weimar, where a new constitution for the German Reich was written, then adopted on 11 August of that same year. In its fourteen years, the Weimar Republic faced numerous problems, including hyperinflation, political extremists and continuing contentious relationships with the victors of World War I. However, the Weimar Republic successfully reformed the currency, unified tax policies and the railway system and it did eliminate most of the requirements of the Treaty of Versailles, in that Germany never completely met the disarmament requirements, and eventually only paid a small portion of the total reparations required by the treaty, which were reduced twice by restructuring Germany's debt through the Dawes Plan and the Young Plan.
/m/01rgr	Charles Pierre Baudelaire was a French poet who also produced notable work as an essayist, art critic, and pioneering translator of Edgar Allan Poe. His most famous work, Les Fleurs du mal, expresses the changing nature of beauty in modern, industrializing Paris during the 19th century. Baudelaire's highly original style of prose-poetry influenced a whole generation of poets including Paul Verlaine, Arthur Rimbaud and Stéphane Mallarmé among many others. He is credited with coining the term \"modernity\" to designate the fleeting, ephemeral experience of life in an urban metropolis, and the responsibility art has to capture that experience.
/m/085v7	West Bromwich Albion Football Club, also known as West Brom, The Baggies, The Throstles, Albion or WBA, is an English professional football club based in West Bromwich in the West Midlands. The club was formed in 1878 and has played at its home ground, The Hawthorns, since 1900.\nAlbion were one of the founding members of The Football League in 1888 and have spent the majority of their existence in the top tier of English football. They have been champions of England once, in 1919–20, but have had more success in the FA Cup, with five wins. The first came in 1888, the year the league was founded, and the most recent in 1968, their last major trophy. They also won the Football League Cup at the first attempt in 1966. The club's longest consecutive period in the top division was between 1949 and 1973, and from 1986 to 2002 they spent their longest ever period out of the top division. The 2013–14 season is their eighth season in the Premier League since 2002.\nThe team has played in blue and white stripes for most of the club's history. Albion have a number of long-standing rivalries with other West Midland clubs; their traditional rivals have always been Aston Villa, though rivalry also exists with Wolverhampton Wanderers, with whom they contest the Black Country derby.
/m/04bs3j	Sarah Kate Silverman is an American stand-up comedian, writer, and actress. Her satirical comedy addresses social taboos and controversial topics such as racism, sexism, and religion by having her comic character endorse them in an ironic fashion.\nSilverman first gained notice as a writer and occasional performer on Saturday Night Live and starred in and produced The Sarah Silverman Program, which ran from 2007 to 2010 on Comedy Central. She released an autobiography The Bedwetter in 2010. She has also had small parts in many movies including School of Rock, as well as leading roles in Who's the Caboose? and Wreck-It Ralph.
/m/08c4yn	The Proposition is a 2005 Australian western film directed by John Hillcoat and written by screenwriter and musician Nick Cave. It stars Guy Pearce, Ray Winstone, Emily Watson, John Hurt, Danny Huston and David Wenham. The film's production completed in 2004 and was followed by a wide 2005 release in Australia and a 2006 theatrical run in the U.S. through First Look Pictures.
/m/084nh	William Butler Yeats was an Irish poet and one of the foremost figures of 20th century literature. A pillar of both the Irish and British literary establishments, in his later years he served as an Irish Senator for two terms. Yeats was a driving force behind the Irish Literary Revival and, along with Lady Gregory, Edward Martyn, and others, founded the Abbey Theatre, where he served as its chief during its early years. In 1923 he was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature as the first Irishman so honoured for what the Nobel Committee described as \"inspired poetry, which in a highly artistic form gives expression to the spirit of a whole nation.\" Yeats is generally considered one of the few writers who completed their greatest works after being awarded the Nobel Prize; such works include The Tower and The Winding Stair and Other Poems. Yeats was a very good friend of American expatriate poet and Bollingen Prize laureate Ezra Pound. Yeats wrote the introduction for Rabindranath Tagore's Gitanjali, which was published by the India Society.\nHe was born in Dublin and educated there and in London; he spent his childhood holidays in County Sligo. He studied poetry in his youth and from an early age was fascinated by both Irish legends and the occult. Those topics feature in the first phase of his work, which lasted roughly until the turn of the 20th century. His earliest volume of verse was published in 1889, and its slow-paced and lyrical poems display Yeats's debts to Edmund Spenser, Percy Bysshe Shelley, and the poets of the Pre-Raphaelite Brotherhood. From 1900, Yeats's poetry grew more physical and realistic. He largely renounced the transcendental beliefs of his youth, though he remained preoccupied with physical and spiritual masks, as well as with cyclical theories of life.
/m/04btgp	Club Nacional de Football is a sports institution from Uruguay, founded on 14 May 1899 in Montevideo, as a result of the fusion between Uruguay Athletic Club and Montevideo Fútbol Club. Although its main focus is football, the club hosts many other activities including basketball, futsal, tennis, cycling, volleyball and chess.\nNacional won the Copa Libertadores three times: 1971, 1980 and 1988. In this tournament, Nacional is the all-time leader with 515 points. Nacional also won the Copa Intercontinental in 1971, 1980 and 1988, becoming the first unbeaten three times world champion. In addition, Nacional is the only Uruguayan team that won the Copa Interamericana and the Recopa Sudamericana, competition in which is the first champion. In the domestic league, Nacional won the championship 44 times, playing in the first division since 1901, with the record of 11 titles in the amateur era and 33 titles in the profesional era. With a total of 145 official titles won, 124 domestic titles and 21 international titles, Nacional is the most successful club in Uruguay in terms of number of titles.
/m/0212ny	The Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic, commonly referred to as Ukraine or Soviet Ukraine, was a sovereign Soviet socialist state and one of the fifteen constituent republics of the Soviet Union from its inception in 1922 to its breakup in 1991. For most of its existence, it was economically and politically the second-most powerful republic of the Soviet Union, behind only the Russian Soviet Federated Socialist Republic.\nAlthough the Ukrainian SSR was a founding member of the United Nations, its foreign affairs were tightly controlled by the Kremlin. Upon the Soviet Union's dissolution and perestroika, the Ukrainian SSR was transformed into the modern nation-state of Ukraine, although Ukraine's new constitution was only ratified on 28 June 1996.\nThroughout its 72-year history, the republic's borders changed many times, with a significant portion of what is now Western Ukraine being annexed by Soviet forces in 1939 and the addition of formerly Russian Crimea in 1954. From the start, the eastern city of Kharkiv served as the republic's capital. However, in 1934, the seat of government was subsequently moved to the city of Kiev, which remained the capital of newly independent Ukraine.
/m/01j5ts	Anjelica Huston is an American actress. Huston became the third generation of her family to win an Academy Award, for her performance in 1985's Prizzi's Honor, joining her father, director John Huston, and grandfather, actor Walter Huston. She later was nominated in 1989 and 1990 for her acting in Enemies, a Love Story and The Grifters respectively. Among her roles, she starred as Morticia Addams in The Addams Family and Addams Family Values, receiving Golden Globe nominations for both. Huston also played the Grand High Witch in the children's movie The Witches in 1990 and is, more recently, known for her frequent collaborations with director Wes Anderson. She is also the author of the book A Story Lately Told.
/m/0m68w	Sandra Bernhard is an American comedian, singer, actress and author. She first gained attention in the late 1970s with her stand-up comedy in which she often bitterly critiques celebrity culture and political figures. Bernhard is number 97 on Comedy Central's list of the 100 greatest standups of all time.
/m/022q32	Nicole Camille Richie is an American fashion designer, author, actress and television personality. Richie rose to prominence for her role in the Fox reality television series, The Simple Life, alongside her childhood best friend and fellow socialite Paris Hilton, which lasted five seasons. The Simple Life was a massive hit for the Fox network, premiering with 13 million viewers, and brought Richie and Hilton to international recognition. Richie's personal life attracted significant media attention during The Simple Life's five-year run and she was a constant fixture of tabloid journalism before and after her appearance.\nAfterwards she turned her focus on other projects including charity work and environmental issues. Richie is married to musician Joel Madden and they have two children. Richie and Madden founded \"The Richie Madden Children's Foundation\" in 2010. Richie has starred as one of the three mentors on NBC's Fashion Star.
/m/05drq5	Robert Douglas Benton is an American screenwriter and film director. He won the Oscars for Best Adapted Screenplay and Best Director for Kramer vs. Kramer and won a third Oscar for Best Original Screenplay for Places in the Heart.\nBenton also garnered three additional Oscar nominations: two for Best Original Screenplay for both Bonnie and Clyde and The Late Show and one for Best Adapted Screenplay for Nobody's Fool.\nHe has also directed Twilight and Feast of Love and co-wrote the screenplays for Superman and The Ice Harvest. Benton usually collaborates with novelist/screenwriter Richard Russo.
/m/046f3p	Kinsey is a 2004 American biographical drama film written and directed by Bill Condon. It describes the life of Alfred Kinsey, a pioneer in the area of sexology. His 1948 publication, Sexual Behavior in the Human Male was one of the first recorded works that tried to scientifically address and investigate sexual behaviour in humans. The film also stars Laura Linney, Chris O'Donnell, Peter Sarsgaard, Timothy Hutton, John Lithgow, Tim Curry, and Oliver Platt.
/m/02cbhg	Cold Mountain is a 2003 war drama film written and directed by Anthony Minghella. The film is based on the bestselling novel of the same name by Charles Frazier. It stars Jude Law, Nicole Kidman, and Renée Zellweger in leading roles as well as Natalie Portman, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Melora Walters, Jena Malone, Donald Sutherland, Kathy Baker and Giovanni Ribisi in supporting roles.\nThe film tells the story of a wounded deserter from the Confederate army close to the end of the American Civil War who is on his way to return to the love of his life.\nCold Mountain opened to positive reviews from critics and won several major awards. Renée Zellweger won the Academy Award, BAFTA Award, Golden Globe Award, and Screen Actors Guild Award for her role in the film. It was also a success at the box office and became a sleeper hit grossing more than double its budget worldwide.
/m/0l_q9	The City and Borough of Juneau is the capital city of Alaska. It is a unified municipality located on the Gastineau Channel in the Alaskan panhandle and is the 2nd largest city in the United States by area. It has been the capital of Alaska since 1906, when the government of the then-District of Alaska was moved from Sitka as dictated by the U.S. Congress in 1900. The municipality unified on July 1, 1970, when the city of Juneau merged with the city of Douglas and the surrounding Greater Juneau Borough to form the current home rule municipality.\nThe area of Juneau is larger than that of Rhode Island and Delaware individually and almost as large as the two states combined. Downtown Juneau 58°18′07″N 134°25′11″W﻿ / ﻿58.30194°N 134.41972°W is nestled at the base of Mount Juneau and across the channel from Douglas Island. As of the 2010 census, the City and Borough had a population of 31,275. As of July 2011 the population estimate from the United States Census Bureau is 32,164, making it the second most populous city in Alaska. However, Fairbanks is the second-largest metropolitan area in the state, with more than 97,000 residents. The city is rather unusual among U.S. capitals in that there are no roads connecting Juneau to the rest of Alaska or the rest of North America.
/m/0fnb4	Dhaka is the capital of Bangladesh. Located on the east banks of the Buriganga River in the heart of the Bengal delta, Dhaka has an estimated population of more than 15 million people, making it the largest city in Bangladesh and the 8th largest city in the world. Dhaka is one of the major cities of South Asia. It is known as the City of Mosques, and with 400,000 cycle-rickshaws running on its streets every day, the city is described as the Rickshaw Capital of the World. Dhaka is also one of the world's most densely populated cites.\nThe history of urban settlement in the region of modern-day Dhaka dates back over a millennium. The region formed part of the domains of the ancient and medieval capital cities of Vikrampura and Sonargaon. The Old City of Dhaka was founded as the Mughal capital of Bengal in the 17th-century. It was named in honour of Emperor Jahangir. The city flourished as a centre of the worldwide muslin trade and attracted merchants from across the world. The modern city began to develop during the British Raj in the 19th-century and came to be dominated by the Nawabs of Dhaka. After the Partition of British India in 1947, Dhaka became the administrative capital of East Pakistan, and later in 1971, the capital of an independent Bangladesh. During the 1950s and 60s, it became the focal point in rise of Bengali nationalism, culminating in the Liberation of Bangladesh in 1971.
/m/01vrkm	The Italian Renaissance was the earliest manifestation of the general European Renaissance, a period of great cultural change and achievement that began in Italy during the 14th century and lasted until the 16th century, marking the transition between Medieval and Early Modern Europe. The term Renaissance is in essence a modern one that came into currency in the 19th century, in the work of historians such as Jules Michelet and Jacob Burckhardt. Although the origins of a movement that was confined largely to the literate culture of intellectual endeavor and patronage can be traced to the earlier part of the 14th century, many aspects of Italian culture and society remained largely Medieval; the Renaissance did not come into full swing until the end of the century. The word renaissance means \"rebirth\" in French, and the era is best known for the renewed interest in the culture of classical antiquity after the period that Renaissance humanists labeled the Dark Ages. These changes, while significant, were concentrated in the elite, and for the vast majority of the population life was little changed from the Middle Ages.
/m/073hgx	The 62nd Academy Awards ceremony, presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, honored the best films of 1989 and took place on March 26, 1990, at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion in Los Angeles beginning at 6:00 p.m. PST / 9:00 p.m. EST. During the ceremony, AMPAS presented Academy Awards in 23 categories. The ceremony, televised in the United States by ABC, was produced by Gil Cates and directed by Jeff Margolis. Actor Billy Crystal hosted the show for the first time. Three weeks earlier in a ceremony held at The Beverly Hilton in Beverly Hills, California on March 3, the Academy Awards for Technical Achievement were presented by hosts Richard Dysart and Diane Ladd.\nDriving Miss Daisy won four awards including Best Picture and Best Actress for Jessica Tandy, the oldest person at the time to win a competitive acting Oscar. Other winners included Glory with three awards, Born on the Fourth of July, The Little Mermaid, and My Left Foot with two, and The Abyss, Balance, Batman, Cinema Paradiso, Common Threads: Stories from the Quilt, Dead Poets Society, Henry V, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, The Johnstown Flood, and Work Experience with one. Moreover, Japanese filmmaker Akira Kurosawa received an Honorary Academy Award; film and television producer Howard W. Koch was honored with the Jean Hersholt Humanitarian Award.
/m/01p1b	Chad, officially the Republic of Chad, is a landlocked country in Central Africa. It is bordered by Libya to the north, Sudan to the east, the Central African Republic to the south, Cameroon and Nigeria to the southwest and Niger to the west.\nChad is divided into multiple regions: a desert zone in the north, an arid Sahelian belt in the centre and a more fertile Sudanese savanna zone in the south. Lake Chad, after which the country is named, is the largest wetland in Chad and the second-largest in Africa. Chad's highest peak is the Emi Koussi in the Sahara, and N'Djamena, the capital, is the largest city. Chad is home to over 200 different ethnic and linguistic groups. Arabic and French are the official languages. Islam and Christianity are the most widely practiced religions.\nBeginning in the 7th millennium BC, human populations moved into the Chadian basin in great numbers. By the end of the 1st millennium BC, a series of states and empires rose and fell in Chad's Sahelian strip, each focused on controlling the trans-Saharan trade routes that passed through the region. France conquered the territory by 1920 and incorporated it as part of French Equatorial Africa. In 1960, Chad obtained independence under the leadership of François Tombalbaye. Resentment towards his policies in the Muslim north culminated in the eruption of a long-lasting civil war in 1965. In 1978, the rebels conquered the capital and put an end to the south's hegemony. However, the rebel commanders fought amongst themselves until Hissène Habré defeated his rivals. He was overthrown in 1990 by his general Idriss Déby. Since 2003, the Darfur crisis in Sudan has spilt over the border and destabilised the nation, with hundreds of thousands of Sudanese refugees living in and around camps in eastern Chad.
/m/0kbhf	Since You Went Away is a 1944 American film directed by John Cromwell for Selznick International Pictures and distributed by United Artists. It is an epic about the American home front during World War II which was adapted and produced by David O. Selznick from the 1943 novel Since You Went Away: Letters to a Soldier from His Wife by Margaret Buell Wilder. The music score was by Max Steiner and the cinematography by Stanley Cortez, Lee Garmes, George Barnes and Robert Bruce.\nThe movie is set in a mid-sized American town, where people with loved ones in the military try to cope with their changed circumstances and make their own contributions to the war effort. The main characters are a housewife whose husband is away in the service and her two daughters who are just growing into womanhood. The story runs from early January to late December 1943; the film itself was made in late 1943 and early 1944. Though sentimental, Since You Went Away is more somber and realistic about the carnage of war and the pain of separation than some other homefront movies made during World War II.
/m/0jrhl	Lake County is a county located in the state of Florida, United States. As of the 2010 Census, the population was 297,052. The Census Bureau estimated the population in 2012 to be 303,186. Its county seat is Tavares, and its largest city is Clermont. Lake County is part of the Orlando-Kissimmee, Florida, Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/02m0sc	Goddard College is an accredited private liberal arts college located in Plainfield, Vermont, Port Townsend and Seattle, Washington, offering undergraduate and graduate degree programs. Founded in 1938, Goddard College was designed to be an experimental and non-traditional educational institution based on the ideas of John Dewey: that experience and education are intricately linked. Goddard College currently operates on an intensive low-residency model. Each student designs his/her own curriculum; the college currently uses a student self-directed, mentored system in which faculty issue narrative evaluations of student’s progress instead of grades.\nThe intensive low-residency model requires students to come to campus every six months for approximately eight days, during which time students engage in a variety of activities and lectures from early morning until late in the evening, and create detailed study plans. During the semester students study independently, sending in \"packets\" to their faculty mentors every three weeks. The content of the packets varies with each individual, but focuses on research, writing, and reflection related to each student's individualized study plan.
/m/0770cd	James Poyser is a multi-Grammy award winning songwriter, musician and multi-platinum producer.\nPoyser has written and produced songs for various legendary and award-winning artists including Erykah Badu, Mariah Carey, John Legend, Lauryn Hill, Common, Anthony Hamilton, D'Angelo, The Roots, and Keyshia Cole.\nDuring his career, Poyser has toured, and played live with such distinctive artists as Jay-Z, The Roots, Erykah Badu, and Aretha Franklin. An active session musician, he has contributed to the works of Adele, Norah Jones, Eric Clapton, Joss Stone, Ziggy Marley, Macy Gray and Femi Kuti.\nPoyser received a Grammy for Best R&B Song in 2003 for co-writing Erykah Badu and Common's hit \"Love Of My Life.\" James was also the executive producer on Badu's highly celebrated albums, Mama's Gun and Worldwide Underground.\nA longtime collaborator and member of The Roots, James has joined them on stage, performing live as the houseband for NBC's Late Night with Jimmy Fallon, and subsequently The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon.
/m/079kr	Siouxsie and the Banshees were an English rock band formed in London in 1976 by vocalist Siouxsie Sioux and bass guitarist Steven Severin. Initially associated with the English punk rock scene, the band rapidly evolved to create \"a form of post-punk discord full of daring rhythmic and sonic experimentation\". The Times cited Siouxsie and the Banshees as \"one of the most audacious and uncompromising musical adventurers of the post-punk era.\"\nTheir music combined elements of pop and avant-garde. The Banshees also became inspirational in the creation of the gothic rock genre. They disbanded in 1996, with Siouxsie and drummer Budgie continuing to record music as The Creatures, a second band they had formed in the early 1980s. In 2004, Siouxsie began a solo career.
/m/01p1v	Chile, officially the Republic of Chile, is a South American country occupying a long, narrow strip of land between the Andes mountains to the east and the Pacific Ocean to the west. It borders Peru to the north, Bolivia to the northeast, Argentina to the east, and the Drake Passage in the far south. Chilean territory includes the Pacific islands of Juan Fernández, Salas y Gómez, Desventuradas, and Easter Island. Chile also claims about 1,250,000 square kilometres of Antarctica, although all claims are suspended under the Antarctic Treaty.\nChile's northern desert contains great mineral wealth, principally copper. The relatively small central area dominates in terms of population and agricultural resources, and is the cultural and political center from which Chile expanded in the late 19th century when it incorporated its northern and southern regions. Southern Chile is rich in forests and grazing lands, and features a string of volcanoes and lakes. The southern coast is a labyrinth of fjords, inlets, canals, twisting peninsulas, and islands.\nSpain conquered and settled Chile in the mid-16th century effectively replacing Inca rule in northern and central Chile but failed to conquer the independent Mapuche that inhabited south-central Chile. After declaring its independence from Spain in 1818, Chile emerged in the 1830s as a relatively stable authoritarian republic. In the 19th century Chile experienced significant economic and territorial growth ending Mapuche resistance in the 1880s and gaining its current northern territory in the War of the Pacific after defeating Peru and Bolivia. In the late 1960s and early 1970s the country experienced severe left-right political polarization and turmoil. This development culminated with the 1973 Chilean coup d'état that overthrew Salvador Allende's left-wing government and instituted a 16-year-long right-wing military dictatorship that left more than 3,000 people dead or missing. The dictatorship headed by Augusto Pinochet ended in 1990 after it lost a referendum in 1988 and was succeeded by a centre-left coalition which ruled through four presidencies until 2010.
/m/01l7qw	William \"Billy\" Connolly, CBE is a Scottish comedian, musician, presenter and actor. He is sometimes known, especially in his native Scotland, by the nickname \"The Big Yin\". His first trade, in the early 1960s, was as a welder in the Glasgow shipyards, but he gave it up towards the end of the decade to pursue a career as a folk singer in the Humblebums and subsequently as a soloist. In the early 1970s, he made the transition from folk-singer with a comedic persona to full-fledged comedian.\nConnolly is also an actor and has appeared in such films as Water; Indecent Proposal; Muppet Treasure Island; Mrs. Brown, for which he was nominated for a BAFTA; The Boondock Saints; The Man Who Sued God; The Last Samurai; Timeline; Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events; Garfield: A Tail of Two Kitties; Open Season; The X-Files: I Want to Believe; and Open Season 2. Connolly reprised his role as Noah \"Il Duce\" MacManus in The Boondock Saints II: All Saints Day. Connolly appears as the King of Lilliput in the 2010 remake of Gulliver's Travels. Connolly provides the voice for King Fergus in Pixar's Brave.
/m/0280mv7	John Bailey, A.S.C. is an American Cinematographer and Film Director.
/m/0rd5k	Fairfield is a town located in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States. It is bordered by the towns of Bridgeport, Trumbull, Easton, Redding and Westport along the Gold Coast of Connecticut. As of the 2010 census, the town had a population of 59,404. In July 2006, Money magazine ranked Fairfield the ninth \"best place to live\" in the United States, and the best place to live in the Northeast.
/m/0824r	Wisconsin is a U.S. state located in the north-central United States, in the Midwest and Great Lakes regions. It is bordered by Minnesota to the west, Iowa to the southwest, Illinois to the south, Lake Michigan to the east, Michigan to the northeast, and Lake Superior to the north. Wisconsin is the 23rd state by total area and the 20th most populous. The state capital is Madison, and its largest city is Milwaukee, which is located on the western shore of Lake Michigan. The state comprises 72 counties.\nWisconsin's geography is diverse, with the Northern Highland and Western Upland along with a part of the Central Plain occupying the western part of the state and lowlands stretching to the shore of Lake Michigan. Wisconsin is second to Michigan in the length of its Great Lakes coastline.\nWisconsin is known as \"America's Dairyland\" because it is one of the nation's leading dairy producers, particularly famous for cheese. Manufacturing and tourism are also major contributors to the state's economy.
/m/030h95	Amy Davis Irving is an American actress, who appeared in the films Crossing Delancey, The Fury, Carrie, and Yentl as well as on Broadway and Off-Broadway. She has been nominated for an Academy Award, two Golden Globes, and has won an Obie award. She was married to director Steven Spielberg; they divorced in 1989 after four years of marriage, with Irving receiving a settlement of $100 million.
/m/0gj50	All My Children is an American television soap opera that aired on ABC for 41 years, from January 5, 1970, to September 23, 2011, and on The Online Network from April 29, 2013, to September 2, 2013, via Hulu, Hulu Plus, and iTunes. Created by Agnes Nixon, All My Children is set in Pine Valley, Pennsylvania, a fictitious suburb of Philadelphia which is modeled on the actual Philadelphia suburb of Rosemont. The original series featured Susan Lucci as Erica Kane, one of daytime's most popular characters. The title of the series refers to the bonds of humanity. All My Children was the first new network daytime drama to debut in the 1970s. Originally owned by Creative Horizons, Inc., the company created by Nixon and her husband, Bob, the show was sold to ABC in January 1975. The series started at a half-hour in per-installment length, then was expanded to a full hour on April 25, 1977. Earlier, the show had experimented with the full-hour format for one week starting on June 30, 1975, after which Ryan's Hope premiered.\nFrom 1970 to 1990, All My Children was recorded at ABC's TV18 at 101 West 67th St, now a 50-story apartment tower. From March 1990 to December 2009, it was taped at ABC's television studio TV23 at 320 West 66th Street in Manhattan, New York City, New York. In December 2009, the locale for taping the series moved from the costly New York City to California. The show was then produced in Stages 1 and 2 at the Andrita Studios in Los Angeles, California, and is now produced at the Connecticut Film Center in Stamford, Connecticut. All My Children started taping in high definition on January 4, 2010, and began airing in high definition on February 3, 2010. All My Children became the third soap opera to be produced and broadcast in high definition.
/m/01ftz	Biotechnology is the use of living systems and organisms to develop or make useful products, or \"any technological application that uses biological systems, living organisms or derivatives thereof, to make or modify products or processes for specific use\". Depending on the tools and applications, it often overlaps with the fields of bioengineering and biomedical engineering.\nFor thousands of years, humankind has used biotechnology in agriculture, food production, and medicine. The term itself is largely believed to have been coined in 1919 by Hungarian engineer Károly Ereky. In the late 20th and early 21st century, biotechnology has expanded to include new and diverse sciences such as genomics, recombinant gene technologies, applied immunology, and development of pharmaceutical therapies and diagnostic tests.
/m/044f7	James Maury \"Jim\" Henson was an American puppeteer, artist, cartoonist, inventor, screenwriter, actor, film director producer and pioneer, best known as the creator of The Muppets. As a puppeteer, Henson performed in various television programs, such as Sesame Street and The Muppet Show, films such as The Muppet Movie and The Great Muppet Caper, and created advanced puppets for projects like Fraggle Rock, The Dark Crystal, and Labyrinth. He was also an Academy Award-nominated film director, Emmy Award-winning television producer, and the founder of The Jim Henson Company, the Jim Henson Foundation, and Jim Henson's Creature Shop. Henson died on May 16, 1990, of organ failure resulting from a Group A streptococcal infection caused by Streptococcus pyogenes.\nHenson was born in Greenville, Mississippi, and raised in Leland, Mississippi and Hyattsville, Maryland. He was educated at University of Maryland, College Park, where he created Sam and Friends as a freshman. After suffering struggles with programs that he created, he eventually found success with Sesame Street. During this time, he also contributed to Saturday Night Live. The success of Sesame Street spawned The Muppet Show, which featured Muppets created by Henson. He also co-created with Michael Jacobs the television show Dinosaurs during his final years.
/m/0g8_vp	Canadian Americans are Americans who were born or grew up in Canada and later moved to the United States or a person who was born in America with Canadian ancestry. The term is particularly apt when applied or self-applied to people with strong ties to Canada, such as those who have lived a significant portion of their lives, or were educated, in Canada, and then relocated to the United States. To others, especially for those living in New England or the Mid-Western States, a Canadian-American is one whose ancestors came from Canada.\nThe term Canadian refers to some as nationality, and to others as ethnicity. English-speaking Canadian immigrants easily integrate and assimilate into American culture and society as a result of the cultural similarities and in the vocabulary and accent in spoken English. French-speaking Canadians, because of language, culture, and religion, tend to take longer to assimilate. However, by the 3rd generation, the assimilation is complete, and the Canadian identity is more or less folklore. This took place, even though half of the population of the province of Quebec emigrated to the US between 1840 and 1930. Many New England cities formed Little Canadas, but many of these have gradually disappeared.
/m/03qnc6q	The Tree of Life is a 2011 American dramatic art film with experimental elements written and directed by Terrence Malick and starring Brad Pitt, Sean Penn, and Jessica Chastain. The film chronicles the origins and meaning of life by way of a middle-aged man's childhood memories of his family living in 1950s Texas, interspersed with imagery of the origins of the universe and the inception of life on Earth..\nAfter several years in development and missing 2009 and 2010 release dates, the film premiered in competition at the 2011 Cannes Film Festival, where it won the Palme d'Or. Critics were divided about the film: some praised it for Malick's use of technical and artistic imagery, directorial style, and fragmented non-linear narrative; others criticised it for the same reasons. In January 2012, the film was nominated for three Academy Awards: Best Picture, Best Director, and Best Cinematography. In the 2012 Sight & Sound critics' poll, 16 critics voted for it as one of their 10 greatest films ever made; this ranked it at #102 in the finished list. Five directors also voted, making the film ranked at #132 in the directors' poll.
/m/0gg8l	Bluegrass music is a form of American roots music, and a sub-genre of country music. Bluegrass was inspired by the music of Appalachia. It has mixed roots in Irish, Scottish, Welsh, and English traditional music, and also later influenced by the music of African-Americans through incorporation of jazz elements.\nImmigrants from the United Kingdom and Ireland arrived in Appalachia in the 18th century, and brought with them the musical traditions of their homelands. These traditions consisted primarily of English and Scottish ballads—which were essentially unaccompanied narrative—and dance music, such as Irish reels, which were accompanied by a fiddle. Many older bluegrass songs come directly from the British Isles. Several Appalachian bluegrass ballads, such as Pretty Saro, Barbara Allen, Cuckoo Bird and House Carpenter, come from England and preserve the English ballad tradition both melodically and lyrically. Others, such as The Twa Sisters, also come from England; however, the lyrics are about Ireland. Some bluegrass fiddle songs popular in Appalachia, such as \"Leather Britches\", and \"Pretty Polly\", have Scottish roots. The dance tune Cumberland Gap may be derived from the tune that accompanies the Scottish ballad Bonnie George Campbell. Other songs have different names in different places; for instance in England there is an old ballad known as \"A Brisk Young Sailor Courted Me\", but exactly the same song in North American bluegrass is known as \"I Wish My Baby Was Born\".
/m/01sbf2	Robert Keith \"Bobby\" McFerrin, Jr. is an American vocalist and conductor. He is best known for his 1988 hit song \"Don't Worry, Be Happy\". He is a ten-time Grammy Award winner. He is known for his unique vocal techniques, including giving the illusion of polyphony by singing an accompaniment alongside the melody, making use of percussive effects and making large jumps in pitch; as well as improvising much of his performed music, including melody, chords and sounds in a form of scat singing. He is nearly unique in having performed and recorded regularly as an unaccompanied solo vocal artist. However, he also collaborated frequently with other artists, from both the jazz and classical worlds.
/m/0565cz	David Perry Lindley is an American musician who is notable for his work with Jackson Browne, Warren Zevon, and other rock musicians. He has worked extensively in other genres as well, performing with artists as varied as Curtis Mayfield and Dolly Parton. He has mastered such a wide variety of instruments that Acoustic Guitar magazine referred to Lindley, not as a multi-instrumentalist, but instead as a \"maxi-instrumentalist\" in a cover story about his career to date in 2005. The majority of the instruments that Lindley plays are string instruments. They include the acoustic and electric guitar, upright and electric bass guitar, banjo, lap steel guitar, mandolin, hardingfele, bouzouki, cittern, bağlama, gumbus, charango, cümbüş, oud, weissenborn, and zither.\nLindley has performed as a member of the band Kaleidoscope, served as bandleader of his own band El Rayo-X, and has been hired to serve in that capacity for other artists on tour. In addition, he scores music to film and has worked extensively in that capacity.
/m/03ht1z	Havok is a middleware software suite developed by the Irish company Havok. On September 14, 2007, Intel announced it had signed a definitive agreement to acquire Havok Inc. In 2008, Havok was honored at the 59th Annual Technology & Engineering Emmy Awards for advancing the development of physics engines in electronic entertainment.
/m/027t8fw	Dean Semler ACS ASC, is an Australian cinematographer. Over his career, he has worked as a cinematographer, camera operator, director, second unit director, and assistant director. He is a member of both the Australian Cinematographers Society and the American Society of Cinematographers.
/m/0c9k8	Reds is a 1981 epic film that was co-written, produced, and directed by Warren Beatty. The picture centers on the life and career of John Reed, the journalist and writer who chronicled the Russian Revolution in his book Ten Days that Shook the World. Beatty stars in the lead role alongside Diane Keaton as Louise Bryant and Jack Nicholson as Eugene O'Neill.\nThe supporting cast of the film includes Edward Herrmann, Jerzy Kosinski, Paul Sorvino, Maureen Stapleton, Gene Hackman, Ramon Bieri, Nicolas Coster and M. Emmet Walsh. The film also features, as \"witnesses,\" interviews with the 98-year old radical educator and peace activist Scott Nearing, author Dorothy Frooks, reporter and author George Seldes, civil liberties advocate Roger Baldwin, and the American writer Henry Miller, among others.\nBeatty was awarded the Academy Award for Best Director and the film was nominated for Best Picture, but lost to Chariots of Fire. Warren Beatty, Diane Keaton, Jack Nicholson and Maureen Stapleton were nominated for Best Actor, Best Actress, Best Supporting Actor and Best Supporting Actress, respectively, the last time a film was nominated in all four acting categories until Silver Linings Playbook in 2012. Stapleton was the only one of the four to win, with Beatty and Keaton losing to Henry Fonda and Katharine Hepburn for On Golden Pond and Nicholson to John Gielgud for Arthur. Beatty was also nominated, along with co-writer Trevor Griffiths, for Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay, but lost to Chariots of Fire. Warren Beatty became the third person to be nominated for Academy Awards in the categories Best Actor, Director and Original Screenplay for a film nominated for Best Picture. This was done previously by Orson Welles for Citizen Kane and Woody Allen for Annie Hall.
/m/01xbxn	Shark Tale is a 2004 American computer-animated comedy film produced by DreamWorks Animation. It tells the story of a young fish named Oscar who falsely claims to have killed the son of a shark mob boss to win favour with the mob boss' enemies and advance his own community standing. The film additionally features the voices of Jack Black as Lenny, Renée Zellweger as Angie, Angelina Jolie as Lola, Martin Scorsese as Sykes and Robert De Niro as Don Lino.\nDespite the film's mixed reviews, Shark Tale proved to be a box office success, opening at #1 with $47.6 million, which was the second highest opening for a DreamWorks Animation film at the time, behind Shrek 2. It remained as the #1 film in the U.S. and Canada for its second and third weekends, and made $367 million worldwide against its $75 million budget. It was also nominated for the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature.
/m/03clwtw	Rambo is a 2008 American-German action film directed, co-written by and starring Sylvester Stallone reprising his famous role as Cold War/Vietnam veteran John Rambo. It is the fourth installment in the Rambo franchise, twenty years since the previous film Rambo III. This film is dedicated to the memory of Richard Crenna, who played Col. Sam Trautman in the first three films, and who died of heart failure in 2003.\nThe film is about a former United States Army Special Forces soldier, John Rambo, who is hired by a church pastor to help rescue a group of missionaries who were kidnapped by men from a brutal Burmese military regime.\nThe film grossed $113,204,290 during its run at the international box office. After its home video release, it grossed $39,206,346 in DVD sales. The film had its cable television premiere on Spike TV on July 11, 2010. However, it was the extended cut that was broadcast, not the theatrical version. The extended cut released on Blu-ray two weeks later.
/m/0jm8l	The Detroit Pistons are a franchise of the National Basketball Association based in Auburn Hills, Michigan in Metro Detroit. In 1941, the team was founded in Fort Wayne, Indiana as the Fort Wayne Pistons, a member of the National Basketball League. Since moving to Detroit in 1957, the Pistons have won NBA championships in 1989, 1990 and 2004. The team's home arena is The Palace of Auburn Hills.
/m/02x2gy0	The Satellite Award for Best Costume Design is one of the annual Satellite Awards given by the International Press Academy.
/m/0jclr	Washington County is a county located in the U.S. state of Utah. As of the 2010 census, the population was 138,115. Its county seat and largest city is St. George, Utah. The county was named for the first President of the United States, George Washington.\nWashington County experienced the fifth highest job-growth rate in the United States at one point.\nWashington County is included in the St. George, Utah, Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/03cws8h	Jeffrey Richman is an American writer, producer and actor.
/m/0ds2sb	David M. Kirschner is an American film and television producer who often produces animated works. He is well known for his breakthrough production on the 1986 animated feature An American Tail as well as the Child's Play series.
/m/01xjx6	Fontana Records is a record label which was started in the 1950s as a subsidiary of the Dutch Philips Records. The name has also been revived as independent label distributor Fontana Distribution.
/m/02gm9n	The Grammy Award for Best Album Notes has been presented since 1964. From 1973 to 1976, a separate award was presented for Best Album Notes - Classical. Those awards are listed under those years below. The award recognizes albums with excellent liner notes. It is presented to the liner notes author, not to the artists or performers on the winning work, except if the artist is also the liner notes author.\nYears reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were presented, for works released in the previous year.
/m/030pr	Frank Russell Capra was an Italian-born American film director, producer and writer who worked his way from Los Angeles's Italian ghetto to become the creative force behind some of the major award-winning films of the 1930s and 1940s. His rags-to-riches story has led film historians such as Ian Freer to consider him the \"American dream personified.\"\nCapra became one of America's most influential directors during the 1930s, winning three Oscars as Best Director. Among his leading films was It Happened One Night, which became the first film to win all five top Oscars, including Best Picture. Other leading films included Mr. Deeds Goes to Town, Lost Horizon, You Can't Take It With You, Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, Meet John Doe, Arsenic and Old Lace, It's a Wonderful Life and State of the Union. Because of his early fame as a director, his name was listed \"above the title\" of his films when they were publicized. People \"flocked to the theaters\" during the 1930s and 1940s to see films directed by Frank Capra.\nAfter World War II, however, Capra's career declined as his subjects were more out of tune with the mood of audiences. Critics described his films as being \"simplistic\" or \"overly idealistic.\" However, the public loved his films, especially during the Great Depression years, when audiences needed uplifting themes of inspiration. His pictures let viewers witness \"a triumph of the individual over corrupt leaders\", and experience \"inherent qualities of kindness and caring for others.\" Most of his best works have been revived and are today considered timeless fables filled with love and respect for the struggles of the common man.
/m/01yx7f	The Bank of America Corporation is an American multinational banking and financial services corporation headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina. It is the second largest bank holding company in the United States by assets. As of 2010, Bank of America is the fifth-largest company in the United States by total revenue, and the third-largest non-oil company in the U.S.. In 2010, Forbes listed Bank of America as the third biggest company in the world.\nThe bank's 2008 acquisition of Merrill Lynch made Bank of America the world's largest wealth management corporation and a major player in the investment banking market.\nThe company held 12.2% of all bank deposits in the United States in August 2009, and is one of the Big Four banks in the United States, along with Citigroup, JPMorgan Chase and Wells Fargo—its main competitors. Bank of America operates in all 50 states of the U.S., the District of Columbia and more than 40 other countries. It has a retail banking footprint that covers approximately 80 percent of the U.S. population and serves approximately 57 million consumer and small business relationships at 5,600 banking centers and 16,200 automated teller machines.
/m/01vwbts	Dido Florian Cloud de Bounevialle O'Malley Armstrong, known as Dido, is a British singer-songwriter. Dido attained international success with her debut album No Angel. The album sold over 21 million copies worldwide, and won several awards; including the MTV Europe Music Award for Best New Act, two NRJ Awards for Best New Act and Best Album, and two Brit Awards for Best British Female and Best Album. Her next album Life for Rent, continued her success with the hit singles \"White Flag\" and \"Life for Rent\".\nDido's first two albums are among the best-selling albums in UK Chart history, and both are in the top 10 best-selling albums of the 2000s in the UK. Her third studio album Safe Trip Home, received critical acclaim but failed to duplicate the commercial success of her previous efforts. She was nominated for an Academy Award for the song \"If I Rise\". Dido was ranked No. 98 on the Billboard chart of the top Billboard 200 artists of the 2000s based on the success of her albums in the first decade of the 21st century. Dido made a comeback in 2013, releasing her fourth studio album Girl Who Got Away, which reached the Top 5 in the United Kingdom.
/m/03ckvj9	Michelle Patrick is an African-American television soap opera writer. She has written for soaps for nearly 17 years.
/m/02_t6d	The Liechtenstein national football team is the national football team of Liechtenstein and is controlled by the Liechtenstein Football Association. The organisation is known as the Liechtensteiner Fussballverband in German. The team's first match was an unofficial match against Malta in Seoul, a 1–1 draw in 1981. Their first official match came two years later, a 0–1 defeat from Switzerland. Liechtenstein's largest win, a 4–0 win over Luxembourg in a 2006 FIFA World Cup qualifier on 13 October 2004, was both its first away win ever and its first win in any World Cup qualifier. Liechtenstein suffered its biggest ever loss in 1996, during qualification for the 1998 FIFA World Cup, with an 11–1 thrashing at the hands of Macedonia, the result also being Macedonia's largest ever win to date.\nThe team's record in competitive games was so poor it prompted British writer Charlie Connelly to follow the entire qualifying campaign for the 2002 FIFA World Cup. As recorded in the subsequent book Stamping Grounds: Liechtenstein's Quest for the World Cup, Liechtenstein lost all eight games without scoring a goal.\nLiechtenstein is the only country ever to lose to UEFA's bottom-ranked national side San Marino, with a 1–0 loss in a friendly match on 28 April 2004.
/m/0gqm3	Kanagawa Prefecture is a prefecture located in southern Kantō region of Japan. The capital is Yokohama. Kanagawa is part of the Greater Tokyo Area.
/m/09pgj2	AEP Paphos is a Cypriot football club based in Paphos. The club was formed in 2000 after the merger of the two clubs of Paphos, APOP and Evagoras. The team's stadium is Pafiako Stadium.
/m/0k424	Bruges is the capital and largest city of the province of West Flanders in the Flemish Region of Belgium. It is located in the northwest of the country.\nThe area of the whole city amounts to more than 13,840 hectares, including 1,075 hectares off the coast, at Zeebrugge. The historic city centre is a prominent World Heritage Site of UNESCO. It is oval-shaped and about 430 hectares in size. The city's total population is 117,073, of which around 20,000 live in the city centre. The metropolitan area, including the outer commuter zone, covers an area of 616 km² and has a total of 255,844 inhabitants as of 1 January 2008.\nAlong with a few other canal-based northern cities, such as Amsterdam, it is sometimes referred to as \"The Venice of the North\". Bruges has a significant economic importance thanks to its port. At one time, it was the \"chief commercial city\" of the world.
/m/01nds	Capcom Co., Ltd., or Capcom, is a Japanese developer and publisher of video games, known for creating multi-million-selling franchises such as Mega Man, Monster Hunter, Resident Evil, Devil May Cry and Street Fighter. Originally established in 1983, it has since become an international enterprise with branches and subsidiaries in North America, Europe, and East Asia.
/m/0bh8drv	Another Year is a 2010 British drama film written and directed by Mike Leigh, starring Lesley Manville, Jim Broadbent, and Ruth Sheen. It premiered at the 2010 Cannes Film Festival in competition for the Palme d'Or. The film played at the 54th London Film Festival before its general British release date on 5 November 2010. At the 83rd Academy Awards, Mike Leigh was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay.
/m/03pnvq	Shueisha Inc. is a major publisher in Japan. The company was founded in 1925 as the entertainment-related publishing division of Japanese publisher Shogakukan. The following year, Shueisha became a separate, independent company. Magazines published by Shueisha include Weekly Shōnen Jump, Weekly Young Jump, Non-no, and Ultra Jump. Shueisha, along with Shogakukan and Hakusensha, own Viz Media, which publishes manga from both companies in North America. It is headquartered in Chiyoda, Tokyo.
/m/03hbzj	John Salvatore Romita, Jr. is an American comic book artist best known for his extensive work for Marvel Comics from the 1970s to the 2010s. He is often referred to as JRJR, the abbreviation of John Romita, Jr.
/m/0fkbh	Kozhikode, also known as Calicut, is a city in the state of Kerala in southern India on the Malabar Coast. Kozhikode is the third largest city in Kerala and is part of the second largest urban agglomeration in Kerala with a metropolitan population of 2,030,519 as per 2011 census. The city lies about 380 kilometres north of the state capital Thiruvananthapuram.\nDuring classical antiquity and the Middle Ages, Kozhikode was dubbed the \"City of Spices\" for its role as the major trading point of eastern spices. It was the capital of an independent kingdom ruled by the Samoothiris in Middle Ages and later of the erstwhile Malabar District under British rule. Arab merchants traded with the region as early as 7th century, and Portuguese explorer Vasco da Gama landed at Calicut on 20 May 1498, thus opening a trade route between Europe and Malabar. A Portuguese factory and fort was intact in Kozhikode for short period, the English landed in 1615, followed by the French and the Dutch. In 1765, Mysore captured Calicut as part of its occupation of Malabar Coast. Calicut, once a famous cotton-weaving center, gave its name to the Calico cloth.
/m/045r_9	An Early Frost is a landmark 1985 TV movie, and the first major film, made for television or feature films, to deal with the topic of AIDS. It was first broadcast on the NBC television network on November 11, 1985. It was directed by John Erman, from the Emmy Award-winning teleplay written by Ron Cowen and Daniel Lipman,. Aidan Quinn starred as Michael Pierson, a Chicago attorney who goes home to break the news – that he is homosexual and has AIDS – to his parents, played by Ben Gazzara and Gena Rowlands.
/m/01t8gz	Burnley is a market town in Lancashire, England, with a population of around 73,500. It is 21 miles north of Manchester and 20 miles east of Preston, at the confluence of the River Calder and River Brun. The town began to develop in the early medieval period as a number of farming hamlets surrounded by manor houses and royal forests, and has held a market for more than 700 years. During the Industrial Revolution it became one of Lancashire's most prominent mill towns; at its peak it was one of the world's largest producers of cotton cloth, and a major centre of engineering. Burnley now has a post-industrial economy and landscape, and is increasingly a dormitory town for Manchester, Leeds and the M65 corridor. In 2013 Burnley was received an Enterprising Britain award by the UK Government for being the 'Most Enterprising Area in the UK'.
/m/077qn	Serbia, officially the Republic of Serbia, is a country located at the crossroads of Central and Southeast Europe, covering the southern part of the Pannonian Plain and the central Balkans. A landlocked country in relative proximity to the Mediterranean, Serbia borders Hungary to the north; Romania and Bulgaria to the east; Macedonia to the south; and Croatia, Bosnia, and Montenegro to the west; it also borders Albania through the disputed territory of Kosovo. The capital of Serbia, Belgrade, is among Europe's oldest cities and one of the largest in Southeast Europe.\nSerbs established several states in the early Middle Ages following the Slavic migrations. The Serbian Kingdom obtained recognition by Rome and Constantinople in 1217; the state was elevated to the Serbian Empire, in 1346. By the mid-16th century, the entire territory of modern-day Serbia was annexed by the Ottoman Empire, at times interrupted by the Habsburgs. In the early 19th century, the Serbian revolution established the nation-state as the region's first constitutional monarchy, which subsequently expanded its territory and pioneered the abolition of feudalism in the Balkans. Following disastrous casualties in World War I, and subsequent unification of Habsburg crownlands of Vojvodina and Syrmia with Serbia, the country co-founded Yugoslavia with other South Slavic peoples, which would exist in various formations until 2006, when Montenegro declared its independence. In 2008 the parliament of UNMIK Kosovo declared independence, with divergent responses from the international community.
/m/0l14md	A percussion instrument is a musical instrument that is sounded by being struck or scraped by a beater; struck, scraped or rubbed by hand; or struck against another similar instrument. The percussion family is believed to include the oldest musical instruments, following the human voice.\nThe percussion section of an orchestra most commonly contains instruments such as timpani, snare drum, bass drum, cymbals, triangle and tambourine. However, the section can also contain non-percussive instruments, such as whistles and sirens, or a blown conch shell. On the other hand, keyboard instruments, such as the celesta, are not normally part of the percussion section, but keyboard percussion instruments such as the glockenspiel and xylophone are included.\nPercussion instruments are most commonly divided into two classes: Pitched percussion instruments, which produce notes with an identifiable pitch, and unpitched percussion instruments, which produce notes without an identifiable pitch.
/m/09gvd	Niacin is an organic compound with the formula C\n6H\n5NO\n2 and, depending on the definition used, one of the 20 to 80 essential human nutrients.\nNot enough niacin in the diet can cause nausea, skin and mouth lesions, anemia, headaches, and tiredness. Chronic Niacin deficiency leads to a disease called pellagra. The lack of niacin may also be observed in pandemic deficiency disease which is caused by a lack of five crucial vitamins: niacin, vitamin C, thiamin, vitamin D and vitamin A, and is usually found in areas of widespread poverty and malnutrition.\nNiacin has been used for over 50 years to increase levels of HDL in the blood and has been found to decrease the risk of cardiovascular events modestly in a number of controlled human trials.\nThis colorless, water-soluble solid is a derivative of pyridine, with a carboxyl group at the 3-position. Other forms of vitamin B3 include the corresponding amide, nicotinamide, where the carboxyl group has been replaced by a carboxamide group, as well as more complex amides and a variety of esters. Nicotinic acid and niacinamide are convertible to each other with steady world demand rising from 8,500 tonnes per year in 1980s to 40,000 in recent years.
/m/08d9z7	Lawrence Gordon is an American producer and motion picture executive. He specializes in producing action-oriented films. Some of his most popular productions include Predator, Die Hard and Lara Croft: Tomb Raider.
/m/01bm_	Brown University is a private Ivy League research university in Providence, Rhode Island, United States.\nFounded in 1764 prior to American independence from the British Empire as the College in the English Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, Brown is the third oldest institution of higher education in New England and seventh oldest in the United States. The university consists of The College, Graduate School, Alpert Medical School, the School of Engineering, and the Brown University School of Public Health. Brown's international programs are organized through the Watson Institute for International Studies.\nBrown was the first college in the nation to accept students regardless of religious affiliation. Brown accepts 8.9% of undergraduate applicants, placing it among the world's most selective universities. The New Curriculum, instituted in 1969, eliminated distribution requirements and allows any course to be taken on a satisfactory/no credit basis. In addition, there are no pluses or minuses in the letter grading system. The school has the oldest undergraduate engineering program in the Ivy League. Pembroke College, Brown's women's college, merged with the university in 1971. While Brown is considered a small research university with 713 full-time faculty and 1,947 graduate students, five of its professors and two of its alumni have been honored as Nobel Laureates. The faculty added 100 new professors in the past 10 years under the Boldly Brown campaign.
/m/05vzql	Trisha Krishnan, known mononymously as Trisha, is an Indian film actress and model, who primarily appears in South Indian cinema, where she has established herself as a leading actress. She was noticed after winning several beauty pageants like the Miss Madras contest, which marked her entry into filmdom.\nAfter her first appearance in the 1999 Tamil film Jodi, in a supporting role, she starred in her first lead role in the 2002 film Mounam Pesiyadhe. She later rose to fame starring in the successful films, Saamy and Ghilli in Tamil cinema and Varsham in Telugu cinema, for which she secured her first South Filmfare Best Actress Award before getting the same award 2 more times for her critically acclaimed blockbusters Nuvvostanante Nenoddantana and Aadavari Matalaku Ardhalu Verule. She made her Bollywood debut in the 2010 film Khatta Meetha opposite Akshay Kumar. She was seen in her career best performances in Abhiyum Naanum and Vinnaithaandi Varuvaayaa for which she won Vijay Award for Favourite Heroine and was nominated for Filmfare Best Tamil Actress Award.\nAn ardent animal lover, Trisha has been the Goodwill Ambassador of PETA.
/m/0d3k14	John Fitzgerald Kennedy (May 29, 1917 – November 22, 1963), also referred to as John F. Kennedy, JFK, John Kennedy or Jack Kennedy, was the 35th President of the United States. He served from 1961 until his assassination in 1963. Major events during his presidency include the Bay of Pigs Invasion, the Cuban Missile Crisis, the building of the Berlin Wall, the Space Race, the American Civil Rights Movement and early events of the Vietnam War.\n\nJohn F. Kennedy was assassinated on November 22, 1963 in Dallas, Texas, United States. Lee Harvey Oswald was charged with the crime, but was himself murdered two days later by Jack Ruby before Oswald could be put on trial. The Warren Commission concluded that Oswald had acted alone in killing the president. However, the House Select Committee on Assassinations concluded in 1979 that there may have been a conspiracy. For the public at large, the entire subject remains controversial and shrouded in mystery with multiple allegation theories. The assassination itself proved to be a defining moment in U.S. History due to its traumatic impact on the psyche\nof the nation and its ensuing political fallout; a historical fallout\nthat influenced, and continues to influence, the temperament of\nAmerican society. President Kennedy is now regarded as an icon of\nAmerican hopes and aspirations to every new generation of Americans.
/m/01yzl2	The Neptunes are an American production duo, composed of Pharrell Williams and Chad Hugo, who are credited with contributing the sound for many successful hip hop, R&B and pop artists in the late-1990s and 2000s. The Neptunes' sound is a distinctive brand of off-kilter, stripped-down electronic funk with sounds from Middle Eastern and Asian music including percussion and woodwind. Pharrell sings and raps on records and appears in videos, unlike his production partner Chad, and sometimes vocal partner Shay Haley, who tends to stay behind the scenes.\nBefore gaining success and forming The Neptunes, Williams and Hugo along with local producer Timbaland and rapper Magoo formed a group \"Surrounded by Idiots\" in the late 90's, but disbanded before even recording together. Later, The Neptunes emerged and Timbaland & Magoo emerged as a hip hop duo, occasionally collaborating.\nThe Neptunes are estimated to have a net worth of $155 million and are considered one of the most successful producers in music history, noted by twenty-four Billboard Hot 100 top 10 hits during the late 1990s and 2000s. In 2009 Billboard ranked The Neptunes No. 1 on their list of Top 10 producers of the decade. Readers of Vibe Magazine named The Neptunes as the 3rd greatest hip-hop producers of all time behind Dr. Dre and DJ Premier.
/m/01g6gs	Black-and-white, often abbreviated B/W or B&W, is a term referring to a number of monochrome forms in visual arts.\nBlack-and-white images are not usually starkly contrasted black and white. They combine black and white in a continuum producing a range of shades of gray. Further, many prints, especially those produced earlier in the development of photography, were in sepia, which yielded richer, more subtle shading than reproductions in plain black-and-white. Color photography provides a much greater range of shade, but part of the appeal of black and white photography is its more subdued monochromatic character.
/m/01r9nk	Perth Airport is a domestic and international airport serving Perth, the capital and largest city of Western Australia. It is located in the suburb of Perth Airport and has, since 1997, been operated by Perth Airport Pty Limited, a private company under a 99-year lease from the Commonwealth Government. Perth Airport is a privately owned company with more than 75% of shares held for the benefit of Australian superannuants.\nIt is the fourth busiest airport in Australia and services Australian and Indian Ocean destinations, as well as Johannesburg, Auckland, Dubai, Abu Dhabi, Guangzhou and Doha.\nThe airport has seen strong passenger growth in the last few years, primarily due to the state's prolonged mining boom and an increase in traffic from international low-cost carrier airlines. In the year ended June 2012, Perth Airport experienced passenger growth of 11.7% internationally and 6.9% domestically, resulting in an overall increase of 10.3% was recorded.\nPassenger numbers have trebled in the past 10 years with more than 12.6 million people travelling through the airport in 2012. Based on the average growth rate, this figure will double to 24 million by 2019. The first mining boom in 1979 had 679,000 passengers use the airport. This number now travels through the airport every three weeks.
/m/02lfns	Dominic Chianese is an American film, television and theatre actor, perhaps best known for his role as Corrado \"Junior\" Soprano on the HBO TV series, The Sopranos.
/m/04sj3	Madagascar, officially the Republic of Madagascar and previously known as the Malagasy Republic, is an island country in the Indian Ocean, off the coast of Southeast Africa. The nation comprises the island of Madagascar, as well as numerous smaller peripheral islands. Following the prehistoric breakup of the supercontinent Gondwana, Madagascar split from India around 88 million years ago, allowing native plants and animals to evolve in relative isolation. Consequently, Madagascar is a biodiversity hotspot; over 90 percent of its wildlife is found nowhere else on Earth. The island's diverse ecosystems and unique wildlife are threatened by the encroachment of the rapidly growing human population.\nInitial human settlement of Madagascar occurred between 350 BC and 550 AD by Austronesian peoples arriving on outrigger canoes from Borneo. These were joined around 1000 CE by Bantu migrants crossing the Mozambique Channel. Other groups continued to settle on Madagascar over time, each one making lasting contributions to Malagasy cultural life. The Malagasy ethnic group is often divided into eighteen or more sub-groups of which the largest are the Merina of the central highlands.
/m/02lwv5	The Fashion Institute of Technology, generally known as FIT, is a State University of New York college of art, business, design, and technology connected to the fashion industry, with an urban campus located on West 27th Street between Seventh and Eighth Avenues in the Chelsea neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City. It was founded in 1944, accredited in 1957, and is ranked among the top five fashion schools in the world. It has an enrollment of more than 10,000 students.
/m/0pcc0	Sergei Vasilievich Rachmaninoff was a Russian composer, pianist, and conductor. Rachmaninoff is widely considered one of the finest pianists of his day and, as a composer, one of the last great representatives of Romanticism in Russian classical music.\nEarly influences of Tchaikovsky, Rimsky-Korsakov, and other Russian composers gave way to a personal style notable for its song-like melodicism, expressiveness and his use of rich orchestral colors. The piano is featured prominently in Rachmaninoff's compositional output, and through his own skills as a performer he explored the expressive possibilities of the instrument.
/m/0gg5qcw	The Ides of March is a 2011 American political drama film directed by George Clooney from a screenplay written by Clooney, along with Grant Heslov and Beau Willimon. The film is an adaptation of Willimon's 2008 play Farragut North. It stars Ryan Gosling, George Clooney, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Paul Giamatti, Evan Rachel Wood, Marisa Tomei, and Jeffrey Wright.\nThe Ides of March was featured as the opening film at the 68th Venice International Film Festival and at the 27th Haifa International Film Festival and was shown at the 2011 Toronto International Film Festival. It received a wide theatrical release on October 7, 2011.
/m/01gb_p	Thunder Bay is a city in and the seat of Thunder Bay District, Ontario, Canada. It is the most populous municipality in Northwestern Ontario with a population of 108,359 as of the Canada 2011 Census, and the second most populous in Northern Ontario after Greater Sudbury. The census metropolitan area of Thunder Bay has a population of 121,596, and consists of the city of Thunder Bay, the municipalities of Oliver Paipoonge and Neebing, the townships of Shuniah, Conmee, O'Connor and Gillies and the Fort William First Nation.\nEuropean settlement in the region began in the late 17th century with a French fur trading outpost on the banks of the Kaministiquia River. It grew into an important transportation hub with its port forming an important link in the shipping of grain and other products from western Canada through the Great Lakes and the Saint Lawrence Seaway to the east coast. Forestry and manufacturing played important roles in the city's economy. They have declined in recent years, but have been replaced by a \"knowledge economy\" based on medical research and education. Thunder Bay is the site of the Thunder Bay Regional Research Institute.\nThe city takes its name from the immense Thunder Bay at the head of Lake Superior, known on 18th-century French maps as Baie du Tonnerre. The city is often referred to as the \"Lakehead\" or \"Canadian Lakehead\" because of its location at the end of Great Lakes navigation.
/m/01n_g9	Texas Tech University, often referred to as Texas Tech, or TTU, is a public research university in Lubbock, Texas, United States. Established on February 10, 1923, and originally known as Texas Technological College, it is the leading institution of the Texas Tech University System and has the seventh-largest student body in the state of Texas. It is the only school in Texas to house an undergraduate institution, law school, and medical school at the same location.\nThe university offers degrees in more than 150 courses of study through 13 colleges and hosts 60 research centers and institutes. Texas Tech University has awarded over 200,000 degrees since 1927, including over 40,000 graduate and professional degrees. The Carnegie Foundation classifies Texas Tech as having \"high research activity\". Research projects in the areas of epidemiology, pulsed power, grid computing, nanophotonics, atmospheric sciences, and wind energy are among the most prominent at the university. The Spanish Renaissance-themed campus, described by author James Michener as \"the most beautiful west of the Mississippi until you get to Stanford\", has been awarded the Grand Award for excellence in grounds-keeping, and has been noted for possessing a public art collection among the ten best in the United States.
/m/01wsj0	Liberty Records was a United States-based record label. It was started by chairman Simon Waronker in 1955 with Al Bennett as president and Theodore Keep as chief engineer. It was reactivated in 2001 in the United Kingdom and had two previous revivals.
/m/03whyr	John Carter is a 2012 American science fiction adventure film directed by Andrew Stanton and produced by Walt Disney Pictures. It is based on A Princess of Mars, the first book in the Barsoom series of novels by Edgar Rice Burroughs. The film chronicles the first interplanetary adventure of John Carter, portrayed by actor Taylor Kitsch. The film marks the centennial of the character's first appearance. The film is the live-action debut for writer and director Stanton; his previous directorial work includes the Pixar animated films Finding Nemo and WALL-E. Co-written by Stanton, Mark Andrews and Michael Chabon, it was produced by Jim Morris, Colin Wilson, and Lindsey Collins. The score was composed by Michael Giacchino and released by Walt Disney Records on March 6, 2012. The ensemble cast also features Lynn Collins, Samantha Morton, Mark Strong, Ciarán Hinds, Thomas Haden Church, Dominic West, James Purefoy, and Willem Dafoe.\nFilming began in November 2009 with principal photography underway in January 2010, wrapping seven months later in July 2010. John Carter explores extraterrestrial life, science fiction and civil war. DVD and Blu-ray editions were released by Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment in the United States on June 5, 2012.
/m/07y1z	The United Methodist Church is a Methodist Christian denomination that is both mainline Protestant Protestant and Evangelical. Founded in 1968 by the union of the Methodist Church and the Evangelical United Brethren Church, the UMC traces its roots back to the revival movement of John and Charles Wesley within the Church of England. As such, the church's theological orientation is decidedly Wesleyan. It embraces both liturgical and evangelical elements.\nIn the United States, it ranks as the largest mainline denomination, the second largest Protestant church after the Southern Baptist Convention, and the third largest Christian denomination. As of 2009, worldwide membership was about 12 million: 7.7 million in the United States and Canada, and 4.4 million in Africa, Asia and Europe. It is a member of the World Council of Churches, the World Methodist Council, and other religious associations.
/m/03f0r5w	David Benjamin Wain is an American comedian, writer, actor and director. He is most widely known for directing the feature films Role Models, Wanderlust and Wet Hot American Summer, the sketch comedy series The State and for producing, directing and writing the Adult Swim series Childrens Hospital. Wain is a founding member of comedy group Stella, along with Michael Showalter and Michael Ian Black.
/m/06mq7	In the broadest sense, science (from the Latin \"to know\") refers to any systematic methodology which attempts to collect accurate information about reality and to model this in a way which can be used to make reliable, concrete and quantitative predictions about future events and observations. In a more restricted sense, science refers to a system of acquiring knowledge based on the scientific method, as well as to the organized body of knowledge gained through such research.[1] Science as defined above is sometimes termed pure science to differentiate it from applied science, which is the application of scientific research to specific human needs.
/m/0glh3	Leicestershire is a landlocked county in the English Midlands. It takes its name from the City of Leicester, traditionally its administrative centre, although the City of Leicester unitary authority is today administered separately from the rest of Leicestershire. The county borders Nottinghamshire to the north, Lincolnshire to the north-east, Rutland to the east, Northamptonshire to the south-east, Warwickshire to the south-west, Staffordshire to the west, and Derbyshire to the north-west. The border with Warwickshire is Watling Street.\nThe county has a population of just under 1 million with over half the population living in Leicester's built-up area.
/m/08b3m	The 19th century was a period in history marked by the collapse of the Spanish, First and Second French, Chinese, Holy Roman and Mughal empires. This paved the way for the growing influence of the British Empire, the Russian Empire, the United States, the German Empire, the Second French Colonial Empire and the Empire of Japan.\nAfter the defeat of the French Empire and its allies in the Napoleonic Wars, the British and Russian empires expanded greatly, becoming the world's leading powers. The Russian Empire expanded in central and far eastern Asia. The British Empire grew rapidly in the first half of the century, especially with the expansion of vast territories in Canada, Australia, South Africa and heavily populated India, and in the last two decades of the century in Africa. By the end of the century, the British Empire controlled a fifth of the world's land and one quarter of the world's population. During the post Napoleonic era it enforced what became known as the Pax Britannica, which helped trade. The 19th century was an era of rapidly accelerating scientific discovery and invention, with significant developments in the fields of mathematics, physics, chemistry, biology, electricity, and metallurgy that laid the groundwork for the technological advances of the 20th century. The Industrial Revolution began in Great Britain and spread to continental Europe, North America and Japan. The Victorian era was notorious for the employment of young children in factories and mines, as well as strict \"moral\" values involving modesty and gender roles. Japan embarked on a program of rapid modernization following the Meiji Restoration, before defeating China, under the Qing Dynasty, in the First Sino-Japanese War.
/m/0r00l	Burbank is a city in Los Angeles County in Southern California, United States, 12 miles northwest of downtown Los Angeles. The population at the 2010 census was 103,340.\nBilled as the \"Media Capital of the World\" and located only a few miles northeast of Hollywood, many media and entertainment companies are headquartered or have significant production facilities in Burbank, including NBC, The Walt Disney Company, Warner Bros. Entertainment, Warner Music Group, Nickelodeon and Insomniac Games. The city is also home to the Bob Hope Airport.\nBurbank is located in two distinct areas, with its downtown and civic center nestled on the slopes and foothills that rise to the Verdugo Mountains, and other areas located in flatlands at the eastern end of the San Fernando Valley.\nAt one time, it was referred to as \"Beautiful Downtown Burbank\" on Laugh-In and The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson. The city was named after David Burbank, a New Hampshire–born dentist and entrepreneur.
/m/018ym2	Plovdiv is the second-largest city in Bulgaria after the capital Sofia with a population of 339,077 inhabitants as of December 2012. It is the administrative center of Plovdiv Province and the municipalities of the City of Plovdiv, Maritsa municipality and Rodopi municipality, whose municipal body had a population of 403,153 inhabitants as of February 2011. It is an important economic, transport, cultural and educational center, as well as the second-largest city in the historical international region of Thrace after Istanbul. It is the tenth-largest city in the Balkans after Istanbul, Athens, Belgrade, Bucharest, Sofia, Thessaloniki, Zagreb, Skopje and Tirana.\nPlovdiv's history spans 6,000 years, with traces of a Neolithic settlement dating to roughly 4000 BC, ranking it among the world's oldest cities. Plovdiv was known in the West for most of its recorded history by the Greek name Philippopolis, which was introduced in 340 BC. Plovdiv was originally a Thracian city before later becoming a Greek and a major Roman one. In the Middle Ages, it retained its strategic regional importance, changing hands between the Byzantine and Bulgarian Empires. It came under Ottoman rule in the 14th century. In 4 January 1878, Plovdiv was liberated from Ottoman rule by the Russian army and was within the borders of Bulgaria until July, the same year, when it became the capital of an autonomous Ottoman region of Eastern Rumelia. In 1885, it and Eastern Rumelia itself became part of Bulgaria.
/m/0gt1k	Ninotchka is a 1939 American film made for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer by producer and director Ernst Lubitsch which stars Greta Garbo and Melvyn Douglas. It was written by Billy Wilder, Charles Brackett and Walter Reisch, based on a screen story by Melchior Lengyel. Ninotchka is Greta Garbo's first full comedy, and her penultimate film. It is one of the first American movies which, under the cover of a satirical, light romance, depicted the Soviet Union under Joseph Stalin as being rigid and gray when compared to the free and sunny Parisian society of prewar years.
/m/01pgzn_	Lindsay Morgan Lohan is an American actress, model and recording artist. She began her career as a child fashion model when she was three, and was later featured on the soap opera Another World for a year when she was 10. At age 11, Lohan made her motion picture debut in Disney's remake of The Parent Trap, a critical and commercial hit. Her next motion picture, Disney's remake of Freaky Friday, was also a success at the box office and with critics. With the release of Mean Girls, another critical and commercial success, Lohan became a household name and a frequent focus of paparazzi and tabloids. The two films earned her several MTV Movie Awards and Teen Choice Awards.\nLohan's debut studio album, Speak, was certified platinum. Her second album, A Little More Personal, was certified gold. In 2005, Lohan starred in Disney's Herbie: Fully Loaded, another box office success. In 2006, she received positive comments on her work in independent films, including Robert Altman's A Prairie Home Companion and Emilio Estevez's Bobby. In 2007, two driving under the influence incidents led to Lohan being put on probation, and together with three visits to rehabilitation facilities caused the loss of several movie deals.
/m/047lj	Kazakhstan, officially the Republic of Kazakhstan, is a contiguous transcontinental country in Central Asia, with its smaller part west of the Ural River in Eastern Europe. Kazakhstan is the world's largest landlocked country by land area and the ninth largest country in the world; its territory of 2,727,300 square kilometres is larger than Western Europe. It has borders with Russia, China, Kyrgyzstan, Uzbekistan, and Turkmenistan, and also adjoins a large part of the Caspian Sea. The terrain of Kazakhstan includes flatlands, steppe, taiga, rock canyons, hills, deltas, snow-capped mountains, and deserts. With 17 million people Kazakhstan has the 62nd largest population in the world, though its population density is less than 6 people per square kilometre. The capital is Astana, where it was moved from Almaty in 1997.\nThe territory of Kazakhstan has historically been inhabited by nomadic tribes. This changed in the 13th century, when Genghis Khan occupied the country. When his ruling family fought for power, power generally switched back to the nomads. By the 16th century, the Kazakhs emerged as a distinct group, divided into three jüz. The Russians began advancing into the Kazakh steppe in the 18th century, and by the mid-19th century all of Kazakhstan was part of the Russian Empire. Following the 1917 Russian Revolution, and subsequent civil war, the territory of Kazakhstan was reorganized several times before becoming the Kazakh Soviet Socialist Republic in 1936, a part of the Soviet Union.
/m/07v64s	Baroque pop, baroque rock, or English baroque, often used interchangeably with chamber pop/rock, is a pop rock music subgenre which originated in the United States and United Kingdom. It emerged in the mid-1960s as a fusion of pop rock and classical music, particularly of the baroque period.\nBaroque pop reached its height of success in the late-1960s, with several prominent exponents emerging and/or incorporating the genre into their repertoire, including: The Beach Boys, The Moody Blues, The Beatles, The Left Banke, The Rolling Stones, Love and Procol Harum. Baroque pop's mainstream popularity faded by the 1970s, partially because punk rock, disco and hard rock took over; nonetheless, music was still produced within the genre's tradition, and it exerted an influence on several subgenres. Such includes the arrival of chamber pop in the 1990s, which contained ornate productions and classical influences, while contesting much of the time's low fidelity musical aesthetic. Furthermore, since the 1990s, baroque pop has seen a revival; several prominent artists, such as Belle and Sebastian, Regina Spektor and The Divine Comedy, have performed or incorporated elements of the genre in their work.
/m/05qzv	Philip Kindred Dick was an American novelist, short story writer and essayist whose published work is almost entirely accepted as being in the science fiction genre. Dick explored sociological, political and metaphysical themes in novels dominated by monopolistic corporations, authoritarian governments, and altered states. In his later works Dick's thematic focus strongly reflected his personal interest in metaphysics and theology. He often drew upon his own life experiences in addressing the nature of drug abuse, paranoia, schizophrenia, and transcendental experiences in novels such as A Scanner Darkly and VALIS.\nThe novel The Man in the High Castle bridged the genres of alternate history and science fiction, earning Dick a Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1963. Flow My Tears, the Policeman Said, a novel about a celebrity who awakens in a parallel universe where he is unknown, won the John W. Campbell Memorial Award for best novel in 1975. \"I want to write about people I love, and put them into a fictional world spun out of my own mind, not the world we actually have, because the world we actually have does not meet my standards,\" Dick wrote of these stories. \"In my writing I even question the universe; I wonder out loud if it is real, and I wonder out loud if all of us are real.\"
/m/0f7h2v	Chris Messina is an American film, television and stage actor. He has appeared in such films as Vicky Christina Barcelona, Argo, Julie & Julia, Ruby Sparks, Celeste and Jesse Forever, and You've Got Mail. On television, he is best known for his roles as Chris Sanchez in Damages and as Danny Castellano in The Mindy Project.
/m/0fpv_3_	Life of Pi is a 2012 adventure film written by David Magee and directed by Ang Lee.
/m/0mx6c	Klamath County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oregon. As of the 2010 census, the population was 66,380. The county seat is Klamath Falls. The county was named for the Klamath, the tribe of Native Americans living in the area at the time the first European explorers entered the region.
/m/01tt43d	Roberto Remigio Benigni, Cavaliere di Gran Croce OMRI is an Italian actor, comedian, screenwriter and director of film, theatre and television.
/m/0l9rg	Aisne is a French department in the Picardy region of northern France. It is named after the river.
/m/02cx72	Stephen Lawrence Schwartz is an American musical theatre lyricist and composer. In a career spanning over four decades, Schwartz has written such hit musicals as Godspell, Pippin and Wicked. He has contributed lyrics for a number of successful films, including Pocahontas, The Hunchback of Notre Dame, The Prince of Egypt and Enchanted. Schwartz has won the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Lyrics, three Grammy Awards, three Academy Awards and has been nominated for six Tony Awards.
/m/07nv3_	Mark \"Marco\" Bresciano is an Australian football player who is currently playing for Qatar Stars League side Al-Gharafa as a midfielder. He represented Australia at all youth levels, including appearances at the 1999 FIFA World Youth Championship and 2000 Olympic Games. For several years he was a regular member of the Australian national team, and represented Australia at the 2006 and 2010 FIFA World Cups. Since the age of 19 he played senior club football in Italy with Empoli, Parma, Palermo and Lazio before moving to the United Arab Emirates.
/m/0f7h2g	Naftuli \"Nathan\" Hertz Juran was an American film art director and film director who along with Richard Day and Thomas Little is most noted for winning the Academy Award for Best Art Direction of a black and white film in 1942 for How Green Was My Valley and for directing science fiction and fantasy films such as Attack of the 50 Foot Woman. He was also the brother of quality guru Joseph M. Juran.
/m/0mn78	Prince William County is a county located on the Potomac River in the Commonwealth of Virginia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 402,002, in 2013, the population was estimated to be 431,258, making it the second-most populous county in Virginia. Its county seat is the independent city of Manassas.\nA part of Northern Virginia, it is included in the Washington Metropolitan Area and is one of the highest-income counties in the United States.
/m/0_00	The African National Congress is the Republic of South Africa's governing political party, supported by its Tripartite Alliance with the Congress of South African Trade Unions and the South African Communist Party, since the establishment of racial democracy in April 1994. It defines itself as a \"disciplined force of the left\". Members founded the organisation as the South African Native National Congress on 8 January 1912 at the Waaihoek Wesleyan Church in Bloemfontein to increase the rights of the black South African population. John Dube, its first president, and poet and author Sol Plaatje were among its founding members. The organisation became the ANC in 1923 and formed a military wing, the Umkhonto we Sizwe in 1961.\nIt has been the ruling party of post-apartheid South Africa on the national level since 1994. It increased its majority in the South African general election. Further increases in 2004, with 69.7% of the votes. In 2009 its share of the vote reduced slightly, but it remained the dominant party with 65.9% of the votes.
/m/01dpts	Cradle of Filth are an English extreme metal band that formed in Suffolk in 1991. The band's musical style evolved from black metal to a cleaner and more \"produced\" amalgam of gothic metal, symphonic black metal and other extreme metal styles. Their lyrical themes and imagery are heavily influenced by gothic literature, poetry, mythology and horror films.\nThe band has broken free from its original niche by courting mainstream publicity, giving the band a \"commercial\" image. This increased accessibility has brought coverage from the likes of Kerrang! and MTV, along with frequent main stage appearances at major festivals such as Ozzfest, Download and even the mainstream Sziget Festival. They have sometimes been perceived as satanic by casual observers, even though their outright lyrical references to Satanism are few and far between; their use of satanic imagery has arguably always been more for shock value rather than any seriously held beliefs.
/m/03bzjpm	He's Just Not That Into You is a 2009 romantic comedy-drama film directed by Ken Kwapis, based on the self-help book of the same name by Greg Behrendt and Liz Tuccillo, which in turn was inspired by a line of dialogue in Sex and the City. The film features an ensemble cast that includes Ben Affleck, Jennifer Aniston, Drew Barrymore, Jennifer Connelly, Kevin Connolly, Bradley Cooper, Ginnifer Goodwin, Scarlett Johansson, and Justin Long.\nThe film was produced by Barrymore's production company, Flower Films, while serving as an executive producer. Grossing just under $180 million at the worldwide box office, the film became a success despite being met with mixed critical response.
/m/09949m	Istanbul is the largest city in Turkey, constituting the country's economic, cultural, and historical heart. With a population of 14.1 million, the city forms one of the largest urban agglomerations in Europe and is the third-largest city in the world by population within city limits. Istanbul's vast area of 5,343 square kilometers is coterminous with Istanbul Province, of which the city is the administrative capital. Istanbul is a transcontinental city, straddling the Bosphorus—one of the world's busiest waterways—in northwestern Turkey, between the Sea of Marmara and the Black Sea. Its commercial and historical center lies in Europe, while a third of its population lives in Asia.\nFounded on the Sarayburnu promontory around 660 BC as Byzantium, the city now known as Istanbul developed to become one of the most significant cities in history. For nearly sixteen centuries following its reestablishment as Constantinople in 330 AD, it served as the capital of four empires: the Roman Empire, the Byzantine Empire, the Latin Empire, and the Ottoman Empire. It was instrumental in the advancement of Christianity during Roman and Byzantine times, before the Ottomans conquered the city in 1453 and transformed it into an Islamic stronghold and the seat of the last caliphate. Although the Republic of Turkey established its capital in Ankara, palaces and imperial mosques still line Istanbul's hills as visible reminders of the city's previous central role.
/m/04mx__	Tom Fontana is an American writer and producer.
/m/0gdh5	Alanis Nadine Morissette is a Canadian-American singer-songwriter, guitarist, record producer and actress. She has won 16 Juno Awards and seven Grammy Awards, was nominated for two Golden Globe Awards. Morissette began her career in Canada, and as a teenager recorded two dance-pop albums, Alanis and Now Is the Time, under MCA Records Canada. Her first international album was the rock-influenced Jagged Little Pill, released in 1995. Jagged has sold more than 33 million units globally. Her following album, Supposed Former Infatuation Junkie, was released in 1998. Morissette took up producing duties for her subsequent albums, which include Under Rug Swept, So-Called Chaos and Flavors of Entanglement. Her eighth studio album, Havoc and Bright Lights, was released on August 28, 2012. Morissette has sold more than 60 million albums worldwide. Morissette is also known for her powerful and emotive mezzo-soprano voice. She has been dubbed as the \"Queen of alt-rock angst\".
/m/029q_y	Holly Marie Combs is an American actress and television producer. She is best known for her roles as Kimberly Brock in the CBS television series Picket Fences, Piper Halliwell in The WB television series Charmed, and Ella Montgomery in the ABC Family television series Pretty Little Liars.
/m/06sw9	Seychelles, officially the Republic of Seychelles, is a 155-island country spanning an archipelago in the Indian Ocean, whose capital, Victoria, lies some 1,500 kilometres east of mainland Southeast Africa, northeast of the island of Madagascar.\nOther nearby island countries and territories include Zanzibar to the west, Mauritius, Rodrigues, Agaléga and Réunion to the south, and Comoros and Mayotte to the southwest. Seychelles, with a population of 90,024, has the smallest population of any African state. It has the highest Human Development Index in Africa and the highest income inequality in the world, as measured by the Gini index. Seychelles is a member of the African Union.
/m/01gb_7	Kelowna is a city on Okanagan Lake in the Okanagan Valley, in the southern interior of British Columbia, Canada. It serves as the head office of the Regional District of Central Okanagan. Its name derives from an Okanagan language term for \"grizzly bear\". Kelowna is the third largest metropolitan area in the province and ranks as the 22nd largest in Canada, with a population of 179,839 in 2011.\nNearby communities include the district municipality of West Kelowna to the west across Okanagan Lake, Lake Country and Vernon to the north, as well as Peachland to the southwest and, further to the south, Summerland and Penticton.
/m/01bczm	Bryan Adams, OC OBC is a Canadian singer-songwriter, musician, producer, actor, social activist, and photographer. As one of the world's best-selling music artists and the best-selling Canadian rock artist of all time, Adams has been one of the most successful figures of the world of popular music during last three decades and as a singer, he's known for his strong husky vocals and energetic live performances.\nAdams rose to fame in North America with his album Cuts Like a Knife and turned into a global star with his 1984 album Reckless. In 1991, he released his popular Waking Up the Neighbours album which included \" I Do It for You\", one of the best-selling singles of all time.\nFor his contributions to music, Adams has garnered many awards and nominations, including 20 Juno Awards among 56 nominations, 15 Grammy Award nominations including a win for Best Song Written Specifically for a Motion Picture or Television in 1992. He has also won MTV, ASCAP, American Music awards, two Ivor Novello Awards for song composition and has been nominated for several Golden Globe Awards and three times for Academy Awards for his songwriting for films.\nAdams was awarded the Order of Canada and the Order of British Columbia for contributions to popular music and philanthropic work via his own foundation, which helps improve education for people around the world.
/m/05183k	John David Logan is an American playwright, screenwriter, and film producer.
/m/0cm2xh	World War I, also known as the First World War, was a global war centred in Europe that began on 28 July 1914 and lasted until 11 November 1918. From the time of its occurrence until the approach of World War II, it was called simply the World War or the Great War, and thereafter the First World War or World War I. In America, it was initially called the European War. More than 9 million combatants were killed; a casualty rate exacerbated by the belligerents' technological and industrial sophistication, and tactical stalemate. It was the 5th-deadliest conflict in history, paving the way for major political changes, including revolutions in many of the nations involved.\nThe war drew in all the world's economic great powers, which were assembled in two opposing alliances: the Allies and the Central Powers of Germany and Austria-Hungary. Although Italy had also been a member of the Triple Alliance alongside Germany and Austria-Hungary, it did not join the Central Powers, as Austria-Hungary had taken the offensive against the terms of the alliance. These alliances were both reorganised and expanded as more nations entered the war: Italy, Japan and the United States joined the Allies, and the Ottoman Empire and Bulgaria the Central Powers. Ultimately, more than 70 million military personnel, including 60 million Europeans, were mobilised in one of the largest wars in history.
/m/02v1ws	The Bollingen Prize for Poetry, which is awarded every two years by Beinecke Library of Yale University, is a literary honor bestowed on an American poet in recognition of the best book of new verse within the last two years, or for lifetime achievement.
/m/016722	Jaipur is the capital and largest city of the Indian state of Rajasthan in Northern India. It was founded on 18 November 1727 by Maharaja Sawai Jai Singh II, the ruler of Amber, after whom the city has been named. The city today has a population of 3.1 million. Jaipur is known as the Pink City of India.\nThe city is unusual among pre-modern Indian cities in the regularity of its streets, and the division of the city into six sectors by broad streets 34 m wide. The urban quarters are further divided by networks of gridded streets. Five quarters wrap around the east, south, and west sides of a central palace quarter, with a sixth quarter immediately to the east. The Palace quarter encloses the Hawa Mahal palace complex, formal gardens, and a small lake. Nahargarh Fort, which was the residence of the King Sawai Jai Singh II, crowns the hill in the northwest corner of the old city. The observatory, Jantar Mantar, is one of the World Heritage Sites. Included on the Golden Triangle tourist circuit, along with Delhi and Agra, Jaipur is an extremely popular tourist destination in Rajasthan and India.
/m/0196kn	The Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction is one of the seven American Pulitzer Prizes that are annually awarded for Letters, Drama, and Music. It has been presented since 1962 for a distinguished book of non-fiction by an American author, published during the preceding calendar year, that is not eligible for consideration in another category.\nFinalists have been announced from 1980, ordinarily two others beside the winner.
/m/025vldk	Dena Higley is an American writer, speaker & author who grew up in East County San Diego, the first of three children. She moved to Los Angeles as a teenager eventually graduating from the University of Southern California with a BFA in Theatre. Dena has been married for 25 years and is a mother of four children, including an autistic son, a daughter, an adopted daughter from Vietnam and an adopted son from Ethiopia. Her current non-fiction book Momaholic: Crazy Confessions of a Helicopter Parent was released April 14, 2012. Dena was previously the head writer of Days of our Lives and One Life to Live.
/m/014z8v	George Denis Patrick Carlin was an American comedian, writer, social critic, and actor who won five Grammy Awards for his comedy albums. Carlin was noted for his black humor as well as his thoughts on politics, the English language, psychology, religion, and various taboo subjects. Carlin and his \"Seven dirty words\" comedy routine were central to the 1978 U.S. Supreme Court case F.C.C. v. Pacifica Foundation, in which a 5–4 decision by the justices affirmed the government's power to regulate indecent material on the public airwaves. One newspaper called Carlin \"the dean of counterculture comedians.\"\nThe first of his 14 stand-up comedy specials for HBO was filmed in 1977. From the late 1980s, Carlin's routines focused on sociocultural criticism of modern American society. He often commented on contemporary political issues in the United States and satirized the excesses of American culture. In 2004, Carlin was placed second on the Comedy Central list of the 100 greatest stand-up comedians, ahead of Lenny Bruce and behind Richard Pryor. He was a frequent performer and guest host on The Tonight Show during the three-decade Johnny Carson era, and hosted the first episode of Saturday Night Live. His final HBO special, It's Bad for Ya, was filmed less than four months before his death. In 2008, he was posthumously awarded the Mark Twain Prize for American Humor.
/m/020xn5	An illustrator is an artist who specializes in enhancing writing or elucidating concepts by providing a visual representation that corresponds to the content of the associated text or idea. The illustration may be intended to clarify complicated concepts or objects that are difficult to describe textually, which is the reason illustrations are often found in children's books.\nIllustrations have been used in advertisements, greeting cards, posters, books, graphic novels, storyboards, manuel, business, magazines, shirts greeting cards, video games and newspapers etc.. A cartoon illustration can add humor to stories or essays.{cn|date=December 2013}
/m/06cvj	Romantic comedy films are films with light-hearted, humorous plotlines, centered on romantic ideals such as that true love is able to surmount most obstacles. One dictionary definition is \"a funny movie, play, or television program about a love story that ends happily\". Another definition states that its \"primary distinguishing feature is a love plot in which two sympathetic and well-matched lovers are united or reconciled\".\nRomantic comedy films are a certain genre of comedy films as well as of romance films, and may also have elements of screwball comedies and stoner comedies. Some television series can also be classified as romantic comedies.\nIn a typical romantic comedy the two lovers tend to be young, likeable, and apparently meant for each other, yet they are kept apart by some complicating circumstance until, surmounting all obstacles, they are finally wed. A wedding-bells, fairy-tale-style happy ending is practically mandatory.\nPretty Woman is considered by many critics to be the most successful movie in the genre.
/m/0f3kl	Diarrhea or diarrhoea is the condition of having three or more loose or liquid bowel movements per day. The most common cause is gastroenteritis.\nOral rehydration solutions with modest amounts of salts and zinc tablets are the treatment of choice and have been estimated to have saved 50 million children in the past 25 years. In cases where ORS is not available, homemade solutions are often used.\nIt is a common cause of death in developing countries and the second most common cause of infant deaths worldwide. The loss of fluids through diarrhea can cause dehydration and electrolyte disturbances such as potassium deficiency or other salt imbalances. In 2009 diarrhea was estimated to have caused 1.1 million deaths in people aged 5 and over and 1.5 million deaths in children under the age of 5.
/m/012mzw	The University of Notre Dame du Lac is a Catholic research university located near South Bend, Indiana, in the United States. \"Notre Dame\" means \"Our Lady\" in French and refers to the university's patron saint, the Virgin Mary.\nThe school was founded by Father Edward Sorin, CSC, who was also its first president. Today, many Holy Cross priests continue to work for the university, including as its president. It was established as an all-male institution on November 26, 1842, on land donated by the Bishop of Vincennes, Indiana. The university first enrolled women undergraduates in 1972. As of 2013 about 48 percent of the student body was female. Notre Dame's Catholic character is reflected in its explicit commitment to the Catholic faith, numerous ministries funded by the school, and the architecture around campus.\nThe university today is organized into five colleges and one professional school, and its graduate program awards 32 master's and 25 doctoral degrees. Over 80% of the university's 8,000 undergraduates live on campus in one of 29 single-sex residence halls, each of which fields teams for more than a dozen intramural sports, and the university counts approximately 120,000 alumni.
/m/02g_6j	A linebacker is a position in American football that was invented by football coach Fielding H. Yost of the University of Michigan, with Germany Schulz being his first linebacker in 1905. Linebackers are members of the defensive team, and line up approximately three to five yards behind the line of scrimmage, behind the defensive linemen. Linebackers generally align themselves before the ball is snapped by standing upright in a \"two point stance\". The goal of the linebacker is to provide either extra run protection or extra pass protection based on the particular defensive play being run.
/m/02j8z	Evolution is the change in the inherited characteristics of biological populations over successive generations. Evolutionary processes give rise to diversity at every level of biological organisation, including species, individual organisms and molecules such as DNA and proteins.\nAll life on Earth is descended from a last universal ancestor that lived approximately 3.8 billion years ago. Repeated speciation and the divergence of life can be inferred from shared sets of biochemical and morphological traits, or by shared DNA sequences. These homologous traits and sequences are more similar among species that share a more recent common ancestor, and can be used to reconstruct evolutionary histories, using both existing species and the fossil record. Existing patterns of biodiversity have been shaped both by speciation and by extinction.\nCharles Darwin was the first to formulate a scientific argument for the theory of evolution by means of natural selection. Evolution by natural selection is a process inferred from three facts about populations: 1) more offspring are produced than can possibly survive, 2) traits vary among individuals, leading to different rates of survival and reproduction, and 3) trait differences are heritable. Thus, when members of a population die they are replaced by the progeny of parents better adapted to survive and reproduce in the environment in which natural selection takes place. This process creates and preserves traits that are seemingly fitted for the functional roles they perform. Natural selection is the only known cause of adaptation, but not the only known cause of evolution. Other, nonadaptive causes of evolution include mutation and genetic drift.
/m/02yjk8	Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C., currently known as Maccabi Electra for sponsorship reasons is a professional Israeli basketball club based in Tel Aviv. The team plays in two leagues: the Euroleague, the Israeli Basketball Super League.\nThe club started in the mid-1930s, as part of the Maccabi Tel Aviv Sports Club, which had been founded in 1906.\nWith five European Championships, one Adriatic Championship, 50 Israeli Championships, 41 Israeli Cups, and five League Cups, Maccabi has been the most successful basketball team in Israel. It is also the fourth-most successful club in European history, and one of the most successful teams of the past decade in European basketball, having won three titles and reached the finals five times in that period. Its players such as Tal Brody, Miki Berkovich, Motti Aroesti, Jim Boatwright, Kevin Magee, Doron Jamchi, Earl Williams, and Aulcie Perry, and more recently Derrick Sharp, Šarūnas Jasikevičius, Anthony Parker and Nikola Vujčić, have been among the elite of Europe's basketball players.
/m/0d8w2n	Shortbus is a 2006 American film written and directed by John Cameron Mitchell. The plot revolves around a sexually diverse ensemble of colorful characters trying desperately to connect in New York City. The characters converge in a weekly Brooklyn artistic/sexual salon loosely inspired by various underground NYC gatherings that took place in the early 2000s. According to Mitchell, the film attempts to \"employ sex in new cinematic ways because it's too interesting to leave to porn.\" Shortbus includes a variety of explicit scenes containing non-simulated sexual intercourse with visible penetration and male ejaculation.
/m/03ft8	Eugene Wesley \"Gene\" Roddenberry was an American television screenwriter, producer, and futurist. He is best known for creating the original Star Trek television series and thus the Star Trek science fiction franchise. Born in El Paso, Texas, Roddenberry grew up in Los Angeles, California where his father worked as a police officer. Roddenberry flew 89 combat missions in the United States Army Air Forces during World War II, and worked as a commercial pilot after the war. Later he followed in his father's footsteps and joined the Los Angeles Police Department to provide for his family, but began to focus on writing scripts for television.\nAs a freelance writer, Roddenberry wrote scripts for Highway Patrol, Have Gun–Will Travel, and other series, before creating and producing his own television series The Lieutenant. In 1964, Roddenberry created Star Trek, which premiered in 1966 and ran for three seasons before being canceled. Syndication of Star Trek led to increasing popularity, and Roddenberry continued to create, produce, and consult on the Star Trek films and the television series Star Trek: The Next Generation until his death. In 1985 he became the first TV writer with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame and he was later inducted by both the Science Fiction Hall of Fame and the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences Hall of Fame. Years after his death, Roddenberry was one of the first humans to have his ashes carried aloft as into space.
/m/099flj	The Critics' Choice Award for Best Young Performer is one of the awards given to people working in the motion picture industry by the Broadcast Film Critics Association. It is given for the best performance by a child actor in a motion picture.
/m/014dm6	Ken Burns appeared in the documentary film Plimpton! Starring George Plimpton As Himself.
/m/0mgcc	The Collingwood Football Club, nicknamed the Magpies, is an Australian rules football club which plays in the Australian Football League. Formed in 1892, the club traditionally represented the inner-Melbourne suburb of Collingwood, and was based at Victoria Park in Abbotsford; the club is now based in the Melbourne Sports and Entertainment Precinct in Melbourne, playing its home games at the Melbourne Cricket Ground and with its training and administrative base in Gosch's Paddock and the Westpac Centre.\nCollingwood is the most supported club in the AFL, and has consistently attracted much higher than average crowds to its home games than other clubs in the league, and had a league record of 71,516 members in the 2011 season. This spike in membership registration can mainly be attributed to the winning of the 2010 AFL Premiership. This record was again broken in 2013, with club reaching a new high of 80,000 members.\nCollingwood's home guernsey consists of black and white stripes, matching the colours of an Australian magpie. Throughout its history, the club has developed rivalries with cross-town Melbourne based clubs, Carlton, Richmond and Essendon.\nHistorically one of the most successful clubs in the league, Collingwood has won fifteen VFL/AFL premierships, the third-most of any team. Collingwood has played in a record 43 grand finals, winning 15, drawing two and losing 26.
/m/02g_6x	A wide receiver is an offensive position in American and Canadian football, and is the key player in most of the passing plays. Only players in the backfield or the ends on the line are eligible to catch a forward pass. The two players who begin play at the ends of the offensive line are eligible receivers, as are all players in the backfield. The backs and ends who are relatively near the sidelines are referred to as \"wide\" receivers. At the start of play, one wide receiver may begin play in the backfield, at least a yard behind the line of scrimmage, as is shown in the diagram at the right. The wide receiver on the right begins play in the backfield. Such positioning allows another player, usually the tight end, to become the eligible receiver on that side of the line. Such positioning defines the strong side of the field. This is the right side of the field in the diagram shown.\nThe wide receiver is a position in American and Canadian football that functions as the pass-catching specialist. Wide receivers are among the fastest and most agile players in the game, and they are frequent highlight-reel favorites. Examples of modern wide receivers include Wes Welker, Larry Fitzgerald, Brandon Marshall, Andre Johnson, Calvin Johnson, Jordy Nelson, A.J. Green, and Julio Jones.
/m/0mxbq	Douglas County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oregon. As of the 2010 census, the population was 107,667. The seat of the county is Roseburg. It is named after Stephen A. Douglas, an American politician who supported Oregon statehood.
/m/02bh9	Daniel Robert \"Danny\" Elfman is an American composer, known as the lead singer and songwriter for the rock band Oingo Boingo, from 1976 to 1995 and later for scoring music for television and film and creating The Simpsons main title theme as well as the 1989 Batman movie theme. He has scored the majority of the films for his long-time friend Tim Burton.\nBorn in Los Angeles, he entered the film industry in 1976, initially as an actor. He made his film scoring debut in 1980 for the film Forbidden Zone directed by his older brother Richard Elfman. He has since been nominated for four Academy Awards and won a Grammy Award for Best Instrumental Composition Written for a Motion Picture, Television or Other Visual Media for Tim Burton's Batman and an Emmy Award for his Desperate Housewives theme. Elfman was honored with the prestigious Richard Kirk award at the 2002 BMI Film and TV Awards. The award is given annually to a composer who has made significant contributions to film and television music.
/m/043hg	John Thomas Sayles is an American independent film director, screenwriter, actor and author.
/m/02jhc	Ethics, sometimes known as philosophical ethics, ethical theory, moral theory, and moral philosophy, is a branch of philosophy that involves systematizing, defending and recommending concepts of right and wrong conduct, often addressing disputes of moral diversity. The term comes from the Greek word ethos, which means \"character\". The superfield within philosophy known as axiology includes both ethics and aesthetics and is unified by each sub-branch's concern with value. Philosophical ethics investigates what is the best way for humans to live, and what kinds of actions are right or wrong in particular circumstances. Ethics may be divided into four major areas of study:\nMeta-ethics, about the theoretical meaning and reference of moral propositions and how their truth values may be determined;\nNormative ethics, about the practical means of determining a moral course of action;\nApplied ethics draws upon ethical theory in order to ask what a person is obligated to do in some very specific situation, or within some particular domain of action;\nDescriptive ethics, also known as comparative ethics, is the study of people's beliefs about morality;\nEthics seeks to resolve questions dealing with human morality—concepts such as good and evil, right and wrong, virtue and vice, justice and crime.
/m/01xcgf	Black Mountain College, a school founded in 1933 in Black Mountain, North Carolina, was a new kind of college in the United States in which the study of art was seen to be central to a liberal arts education, and in which John Dewey's principles of education played a major role. Many of the school's students and faculty were influential in the arts or other fields, or went on to become influential. Although notable even during its short life, the school closed in 1957 after only 24 years.
/m/02zq43	Thomas Brodie-Sangster is an English actor and musician, known for his role as Jojen Reed in Game of Thrones and his voice as Ferb in Phineas and Ferb.
/m/0ncq_	Wandsworth is a district of South West London within the London Borough of Wandsworth. It is situated 4.6 miles southwest of Charing Cross. The area is identified in the London Plan as one of 35 major centres in Greater London.
/m/03hmr_	Martin Mull is an American actor who has appeared in many television and film roles. He is also a comedian, painter, and recording artist. As an actor, he first became known in his role on Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman and its spin-off Fernwood 2 Night. Among his other notable roles are Colonel Mustard in the 1985 film Clue, Leon Carp on Roseanne, and Willard Kraft on Sabrina, the Teenage Witch.
/m/01kkjq	Colorado Rapids is an American professional soccer club based in the Denver suburb of Commerce City, Colorado, which competes in Major League Soccer as one of its ten charter clubs.\nColorado won the MLS Cup in 2010. The Rapids reached the final once before, in 1997, which they lost to D.C. United. They also reached the final of the Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup in 1999.\nColorado played its home games at the Mile High Stadium in Denver from 1996 to 2001, and then at Invesco Field at Mile High in 2002, before moving to their current home, Dick's Sporting Goods Park in Commerce City for its 2007 season.
/m/0786vq	Fotbal Club Universitatea Craiova is a Romanian professional football club from Craiova. They became the first Romanian football team to reach the semi-finals of a European tournament, during the UEFA Cup in 1982–83. The club was disaffiliated by the Romanian Football Federation on 14 May 2012, following their temporary exclusion since 20 July 2011, after it was not allowed to address civil justice in a labor dispute with coach Victor Piţurcă.
/m/03y05ty	Bubonic plague is a zoonotic disease, circulating mainly in fleas on small rodents, and is one of three types of bacterial infections caused by Yersinia pestis, that belongs to the family Enterobacteriaceae. Without treatment, the bubonic plague kills about two thirds of infected humans within four days.\nThe term bubonic plague is derived from the Greek word βουβών, meaning \"groin.\" Swollen lymph nodes especially occur in the armpit and groin in persons suffering from bubonic plague. Bubonic plague was often used synonymously for plague, but it does in fact refer specifically to an infection that enters through the skin and travels through the lymphatics, as is often seen in flea-borne infections.\nBubonic plague—along with the septicemic plague and the pneumonic plague, which are the two other manifestations of Y. pestis—is commonly believed to be the cause of the Black Death that swept through Europe in the 14th century and killed an estimated 25 million people, or 30–60% of the European population. Around the Mediterranean Region, summers seemed to be the season when the disease took place. While in Europe, people found the disease most occurring in the autumn. Because the plague killed so many of the working population, wages rose and some historians have seen this as a turning point in European economic development.
/m/05798	A merchant is a businessperson who trades in commodities produced by others, in order to earn a profit.
/m/01v9l67	Billy Boyd is a Scottish actor and musician most widely known for playing the characters Peregrin \"Pippin\" Took in the film adaptation of The Lord of the Rings, Barret Bonden in Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World, and Glen in Seed of Chucky.
/m/0cmt6q	Craig Phillip Robinson is an American actor, stand-up comedian, and singer. He is best known for his role as Darryl Philbin on The Office, and his roles in the films Pineapple Express, Miss March, Zack and Miri Make a Porno, Shrek Forever After, Hot Tub Time Machine, and This Is the End.
/m/07j_6b	The Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus founded on May 16, 1994, by former Congressman Norman Mineta, is a bicameral caucus consisting of members of the United States Congress who have a strong interest in promoting Asian American and Pacific Islander issues and advocating the concerns of Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders. This caucus generally includes members of East Asian, Southeast Asian, South Asian or Pacific Islander descent, members with high concentrations of Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders in their district, or those with an interest in AAPI issues.
/m/07h9gp	Scary Movie 4 is a 2006 horror comedy parody film and the fourth film of the Scary Movie franchise, as well as the first film in the franchise to be released under The Weinstein Company banner since the purchase of Dimension Films. It was directed by David Zucker, written by Jim Abrahams, Craig Mazin and Pat Proft, and produced by Robert K. Weiss and Craig Mazin. The film marks the final Scary Movie appearances of the main stars, Anna Faris and Regina Hall, and concludes the original story arc. This was initially intended to be the final film in the Scary Movie franchise, but Scary Movie 5 was announced by The Weinstein Company on December 20, 2009.
/m/04v9wn	Krylia Sovetov is a football club from Russia based in Samara. In 2004 they finished third in the Russian Premier League. The name \"Krylia Sovetov\" means \"Wings of the Soviets\".
/m/06_wqk4	Valentine's Day is a 2010 American ensemble romantic comedy film directed by Garry Marshall. The screenplay and the story were written by Katherine Fugate, Abby Kohn and Marc Silverstein.\nIt is the first film to be co-produced by New Line Cinema along with sister studio, Warner Bros. All other films post-\"Valentine's Day\" would become New Line/Warner Bros. co-productions from that point forward.
/m/0946bb	Assassins is a 1995 American action thriller film directed and produced by Richard Donner, written by Andy and Lana Wachowski and also rewritten by Brian Helgeland. The film stars Sylvester Stallone, Antonio Banderas and Julianne Moore.\nThe Wachowskis stated that their script was \"totally rewritten\" by Helgeland, and that they tried to remove their names from the film but failed.
/m/0134bf	West Yorkshire is a metropolitan county within the Yorkshire and the Humber region of England with a population of 2.2 million. West Yorkshire came into existence as a metropolitan county in 1974 after the passage of the Local Government Act 1972.\nWest Yorkshire, which is landlocked, consists of five metropolitan boroughs and shares borders with the counties of Derbyshire, Greater Manchester, Lancashire, North Yorkshire and South Yorkshire.\nWest Yorkshire County Council was abolished in 1986, and so its districts are now effectively unitary authorities. However, the metropolitan county, which covers an area of 2,029 square kilometres, continues to exist in law, and as a geographic frame of reference. The local authorities will pool together some functions as the West Yorkshire Combined Authority from 1 April 2014.\nWest Yorkshire encompasses the West Yorkshire Urban Area, which is the most built-up and biggest urban area within the historic county boundaries of Yorkshire.
/m/0fkvn	A governor is, in most cases, an individual public official with the power to govern the executive branch of a non-sovereign or sub-national level of government, ranking under the head of state. In federations, governor may be the title of the politician who governs a constituent state and may be either appointed or elected. The power of the individual governor can vary dramatically between political systems, with some governors having only nominal, largely ceremonial power, while others have complete power over the entire government.\nThe title Governor is less common in parliamentary systems such as in some European nations and many of their former colonies, which use titles such as President of the Regional Council in France, President of the Regional Junta in Italy and Ministerpräsident in Germany, where in some states there are governorates as sub-state administrative regions. Other countries using different titles for sub-national units include Mexico, United States and Switzerland.\nHistorically, the title can also apply to executive officials acting as representatives of a chartered company which has been granted exercise of sovereignty in a colonial area, such as the British HEIC or the Dutch East India Company. These companies operate as a major state within a state with its own armed forces.
/m/01y9xg	Clea Helen D'Etienne DuVall is an American actress. She is best known for her role as Sofie on the television series Carnivàle as well as for films such as The Faculty, Girl, Interrupted, The Grudge, and Heroes. She is also known for her role as Cora Lijek in the Oscar-winning film Argo.
/m/06c0ns	Tango & Cash is a 1989 American buddy cop action comedy film directed by Andrei Konchalovsky, although Albert Magnoli took over in the later stages of filming, starring Sylvester Stallone, Kurt Russell, Jack Palance and Teri Hatcher.\nThe film describes the struggle of two rival LAPD narcotics detectives Ray Tango and Gabriel Cash, who are forced to work together after criminal mastermind, Yves Perret, frames them for murder.
/m/04yj5z	John Alberto Leguizamo is an American actor, comedian, voice actor, producer and screenwriter.
/m/02k856	The lap steel guitar is a type of steel guitar, an instrument derived from and similar to the guitar. The player changes pitch by pressing a metal or glass bar against the strings instead of by pressing strings against the fretboard.\nThere are three main types of lap steel guitar:\nLap slide guitars, the first developed, which use a similar sound box to a Spanish guitar. These were originally called Hawaiian guitars and included versions that had a factory raised nut, but also include Spanish guitars with a nut extender.\nResonator guitars, particularly those with square necks, but also round neck versions with a raised nut.\nElectric lap steel guitars, which include the first commercially successful solid body instruments. These were originally marketed as electric Hawaiian guitars. In addition to the lap-played model, a closely related version called a console steel guitar is supported on legs
/m/03fts	Galaxy Quest is a 1999 science-fiction parody comedy film about a troupe of actors who defend a group of aliens against an alien warlord. It was directed by Dean Parisot and written by David Howard and Robert Gordon. Mark Johnson and Charles Newirth produced the film for DreamWorks, and David Newman composed the music score. Portions of the film were shot in Goblin Valley State Park, Utah, USA, and non-humanoid creatures were created by Stan Winston Studio from designs by Crash McCreary, Chris Swift, Brom, Bernie Wrightson, and Simon Bisley.\nThe film parodies the television series Star Trek and related media activities such as fandom. It stars Tim Allen, Sigourney Weaver, Alan Rickman, Tony Shalhoub, Sam Rockwell, and Daryl Mitchell as the cast of a defunct television series called Galaxy Quest, in which the crew of a spaceship embarked on intergalactic adventures. Enrico Colantoni also stars as the leader of an alien race who ask the actors for help, believing the show's adventures were real. The film's supporting cast features Robin Sachs as the warlord Sarris and Patrick Breen as a friendly alien. Justin Long makes his feature film debut as an obsessed fan of the television show.
/m/0k2dm	Dragon Ball is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Akira Toriyama. It was originally serialized in Weekly Shōnen Jump from 1984 to 1995, with the 519 individual chapters published into 42 tankōbon volumes by Shueisha. Dragon Ball was initially inspired by the classical Chinese novel Journey to the West. The series follows the adventures of the protagonist, Goku, from his childhood through adulthood as he trains in martial arts and explores the world in search of the seven orbs known as the Dragon Balls, which summon a wish-granting dragon when gathered. Along his journey, Goku makes several friends and battles a wide variety of villains, many of whom also seek the Dragon Balls.\nThe 42 tankōbon have been adapted into two anime series produced by Toei Animation: Dragon Ball and Dragon Ball Z, which together were broadcast in Japan from 1986 to 1996. Additionally, Toei has developed eighteen animated feature films and three television specials, as well as an anime sequel titled Dragon Ball GT, which takes place after the events of the manga. From 2009 to 2011, Toei broadcast a revised, faster-paced version of Dragon Ball Z under the title Dragon Ball Kai, in which most of the original version's footage not featured in the manga was removed. Several companies have developed various types of merchandising based on the series leading to a large media franchise that includes films, both animated and live-action, collectible trading card games, numerous action figures, along with several collections of soundtracks and a large number of video games.
/m/0jbk9	The United States Department of Housing and Urban Development is a Cabinet department in the Executive branch of the United States federal government. Although its beginnings were in the House and Home Financing Agency, it was founded as a Cabinet department in 1965, as part of the \"Great Society\" program of President Lyndon Johnson, to develop and execute policies on housing and metropolises.
/m/0b2ds	The City of Monterey in Monterey County is located on the southern edge of Monterey Bay, on Central California's Pacific coast. It stands at an elevation of 26 feet above sea level, on a land area of 8.466 sq mi. The 2010 census recorded a population of 27,810.\nMonterey was the capital of Alta California from 1777 to 1846 under both Spain and Mexico. It was the only port of entry for taxable goods in California. In 1846 the U.S. flag was raised over the Customs House, and California was claimed for the United States.\nThe city had California's first theatre, public building, public library, publicly funded school, printing press, and newspaper. The city and surrounding area have attracted artists since the late 19th century and many celebrated painters and writers have lived there. Until the 1950s, there was an abundant fishery.\nAmong Monterey's notable present-day attractions are the Monterey Bay Aquarium, Cannery Row, Fisherman's Wharf and the annual Monterey Jazz Festival.
/m/02bg55	The Butterfly Effect is a 2004 American science fiction psychological thriller film that was written and directed by Eric Bress and J. Mackye Gruber, starring Ashton Kutcher and Amy Smart. The title refers to the butterfly effect, a popular hypothetical example of chaos theory which illustrates how small initial differences may lead to large unforeseen consequences over time.\nKutcher plays 20-year-old college student Evan Treborn, with Amy Smart as his childhood sweetheart Kayleigh Miller, William Lee Scott as her sadistic brother Tommy, and Elden Henson as their neighbor Lenny. Evan finds he has the ability to travel back in time to inhabit his former self and to change the present by changing his past behaviours. Having been the victim of several childhood traumas aggravated by stress-induced memory losses, he attempts to set things right for himself and his friends, but there are unintended consequences for all. The film draws heavily on flashbacks of the characters' lives at ages 7 and 13, and presents several alternate present-day outcomes as Evan attempts to change the past, before settling on a final outcome.\nThe film received a poor critical reception, but was nevertheless a commercial success, producing gross earnings of $96 million from a budget of $13 million. The film won the Pegasus Audience Award at the Brussels International Fantastic Film Festival, and was nominated for Best Science Fiction Film at the Saturn Awards and Choice Movie: Thriller in the Teen Choice Awards.
/m/04kd5d	Shanghai Greenland Football Club, also known as Shanghai Greenland Shenhua, is a Chinese professional football club that currently participates in the Chinese Super League. The team is based in Shanghai and their home stadium is the Hongkou Football Stadium, which has a seating capacity of 33,060. Their current majority shareholder is the Greenland Group who officially took over the operation of the club when they bought the 28.5% share from previous majority shareholder Zhu Jun on January 31, 2014.\nThe club's predecessor was called Shanghai F.C. and they predominantly played in the top tier, where they won several domestic league and cup titles. In 1993, the club was reorganised to become a completely professional football club. Since then, they have won the 1995 league title and 1998 Chinese FA Cup.
/m/04xfb	Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi was the preeminent leader of Indian nationalism in British-ruled India. Employing nonviolent civil disobedience, Gandhi led India to independence and inspired movements for civil rights and freedom across the world. The honorific Mahatma —applied to him first in 1914 in South Africa,—is now used worldwide. He is also called Bapu in India.\nBorn and raised in a Hindu, merchant caste, family in coastal Gujarat, western India, and trained in law at the Inner Temple, London, Gandhi first employed nonviolent civil disobedience as an expatriate lawyer in South Africa, in the resident Indian community's struggle for civil rights. After his return to India in 1915, he set about organising peasants, farmers, and urban labourers to protest against excessive land-tax and discrimination. Assuming leadership of the Indian National Congress in 1921, Gandhi led nationwide campaigns for easing poverty, expanding women's rights, building religious and ethnic amity, ending untouchability, but above all for achieving Swaraj or self-rule.\nGandhi famously led Indians in challenging the British-imposed salt tax with the 400 km Dandi Salt March in 1930, and later in calling for the British to Quit India in 1942. He was imprisoned for many years, upon many occasions, in both South Africa and India. Gandhi attempted to practise nonviolence and truth in all situations, and advocated that others do the same. He lived modestly in a self-sufficient residential community and wore the traditional Indian dhoti and shawl, woven with yarn hand spun on a charkha. He ate simple vegetarian food, and also undertook long fasts as means of both self-purification and social protest.
/m/047svrl	Funny People is a 2009 American comedy-drama film written, produced and directed by Judd Apatow, and starring Adam Sandler, Seth Rogen, and Leslie Mann. The film was released on July 31, 2009 in North America, and on August 28, 2009 in the United Kingdom. Funny People uses considerably more dramatic elements than seen in Apatow's previous films. The film was co-produced by Apatow Productions and Mr. Madison 23 Productions, a subsidiary of Sandler's company Happy Madison. Universal and Columbia Pictures co-financed the film and it also served as a worldwide distributor. The film received generally positive reviews, with praise for the performances of Sandler and Rogen, the script and directing. The supporting cast features Eric Bana, Jason Schwartzman, Jonah Hill and Aubrey Plaza.
/m/0g55tzk	The 17th Annual Screen Actors Guild Awards, honoring the best achievements in film and television performances for the year 2010, was presented on January 30, 2011 at the Shrine Exposition Center in Los Angeles, California for the fifteenth consecutive year. It was broadcast live simultaneously by TNT and TBS.\nThe nominees were announced on December 16, 2010 by Rosario Dawson and Angie Harmon at Los Angeles' Pacific Design Center's Silver Screen Theater.
/m/041rx	The Jews;, also known as the Jewish people, are a nation and ethnoreligious group originating from the Israelites of the Ancient Near East.\nAccording to Jewish tradition, Jewish ancestry is traced back to the Biblical patriarchs Abraham, Isaac and Jacob, who lived in Canaan around the 18th century BCE. Historically, Jews had evolved mostly from the Tribe of Judah and Simeon, and partially from the Israelite tribes of Binyamin and Levi, who had all together formed the ancient Kingdom of Judah. A closely related group is the Samaritans, who claim descent from the Israelite tribes of Ephraim and Manasseh, while according to the Bible their origin is in the people brought to Israel by the Neo-Assyrian Empire and some Cohanim who taught them how to worship the \"native God\". The Jewish ethnicity, nationality and religion are strongly interrelated, as Judaism is the traditional faith of the Jewish nation. Converts to Judaism have a status within the Jewish ethnos equal to those born into it. Conversion is not encouraged by mainstream Judaism, and is considered a tough task, mainly applicable for cases of mixed marriages.
/m/06n90	Science fiction is a genre of fiction dealing with imaginative content such as futuristic settings, futuristic science and technology, space travel, time travel, parallel universes, and extraterrestrial life. Science fiction often explores the potential consequences of futuristic scientific innovations, thus making it a \"literature of ideas\". Science fiction has commonly been used by authors as a means to discuss philosophical questions related to identity, desire, morality, social structure.
/m/0gwdy4	The 67th World Science Fiction Convention, also known as Anticipation, was hosted in Montréal, Québec, Canada, on 6–10 August 2009, at the Palais des congrès de Montréal. The organising committee was co-chaired by René Walling and Robbie Bourget.\nOfficial guests of the 67th Worldcon were:\nNeil Gaiman\nElisabeth Vonarburg\nTaral Wayne\nDavid Hartwell\nTom Doherty\nJulie Czerneda was Master of Ceremonies.\nAnticipation was the fifth Worldcon to be held in Canada and the first one to be held in an officially French-speaking city.\nAnticipation also incorporated the annual Canvention, including the presentation of the Prix Aurora Awards.\nAnticipation was the first Worldcon to include a category for graphic story on the Hugo ballot. The category filled with six nominations due to a tie for fifth place.
/m/08qxx9	Michael Fassbender is an Irish-German actor. His notable roles include Lt. Archie Hicox in the film Inglourious Basterds, Magneto in the superhero film X-Men: First Class, the android David in the science fiction movie Prometheus, and slave owner Edwin Epps in 12 Years a Slave, a historical drama that earned him a 2014 Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actor. In 2014, Fassbender will reprise his role as Magneto in X-Men: Days of Future Past, followed by Assassin's Creed in 2015.\nHis other credits include the fantasy action film 300; the drama film Fish Tank; the romantic drama film Jane Eyre; the historical film A Dangerous Method; the biographical film Hunger and the drama film Shame, both directed by Steve McQueen. For his role in Shame, he won the Volpi Cup best actor award at the 68th Venice International Film Festival held in August 2011, and was nominated for a Golden Globe Award and a BAFTA.
/m/08vlns	Latin pop generally refers to pop music that has what may be perceived a Latin influence. Geographically, it could refer to pop music from Latin America or Latin Europe. Latin pop music is usually sung in Spanish, Portuguese, French, Italian or other Romance languages, although English and other languages are not uncommon. In addition, many international artists from France and Italy often sing in Spanish for Spanish language audiences. Major Latin pop songwriters include Selena, Leonel García, Gian Marco, Estefano, Kike Santander, Juan Luis Guerra, Mario Domm, Rudy Pérez, and Draco Rosa.\nLatin pop is a popular style and there are several artists and groups who perform in the genre. Notable ones include Luis Miguel, Rocío Dúrcal, José José, Selena, Juanes, Ricky Martin, Shakira, Belinda, Alejandro Sanz, Paulina Rubio, Eros Ramazzotti, Laura Pausini, Thalía, Enrique Iglesias, Jennifer Lopez, Gloria Trevi, Pitbull, Fonseca, Julio Iglesias, Gloria Estefan, José Feliciano and teen idol group Menudo.
/m/0mw89	Westmoreland County is a county located in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2010 census, the population was 365,169. The county seat is Greensburg.\nWestmoreland County was founded on February 26, 1773 and was the first county in the colony of Pennsylvania west of the Allegheny Mountains. Westmoreland County originally included the present-day counties of Fayette, Washington, Greene, and parts of Beaver, Allegheny, Indiana, and Armstrong counties. It is included in the Pittsburgh Metro Area, while north-eastern Westmoreland County borders the Johnstown Metro Area. A major coal strike occurred in the county in the winter of 1910–11.
/m/03ts0c	The French are a nation and ethnic group native to France that share a common French culture and speak the French language as a mother tongue. Historically, the French population descended from peoples of Romance origin, later mixing with Celtic and/or Germanic origin, depending on the region. It is also an ethno-linguistic group based on ancestral ties, but within France, the French are defined by citizenship, regardless of ancestry or country of residence.\nHowever, the word can also refer to people of French descent who are found in other countries, with significant French-speaking population groups or not, such as Canada, United States, Argentina, United Kingdom, Brazil and French West Indies, and some of them have a French cultural identity.
/m/04sh80	Twilight Zone: The Movie is a 1983 anthology fantasy-science fiction horror film produced by Steven Spielberg and John Landis as a theatrical version of The Twilight Zone, a 1959 and '60s TV series created by Rod Serling. The film stars Vic Morrow, Scatman Crothers, Kathleen Quinlan and John Lithgow with Dan Aykroyd and Albert Brooks in the prologue segment. Burgess Meredith, who starred in four episodes of the original series, took on Serling's position as narrator. Unlike Serling, he did not appear on screen, nor did he receive screen credit, though his name appears in the end credits. In addition to Meredith, five actors from the original series had roles in the film.\nThe film is a remake of three classic episodes of the original series and includes one original story. Landis directed the prologue and the first segment, Steven Spielberg directed the second, Joe Dante the third, and George Miller directed the final segment. Dante recalled that in the film's original conception the three stories would be interwoven with characters from one segment would appear in another segment, but later problems with the film precluded this.
/m/0204jh	The Bronx High School of Science is a specialized New York City public high school often considered the premier science magnet school in the United States. Founded in 1938, it is now located in the Bedford Park section of the Bronx. Admission is by an exam open to all grade-eligible students in New York City, reportedly taken by more than 20,000 students annually. Although known for its focus on mathematics and science, Bronx Science also emphasizes the humanities and social sciences and continually attracts students with a wide variety of interests beyond math and science.\nBronx Science has received international recognition as one of the best high schools in the United States, public or private, ranking in the top 100 in U.S. News and World Report's lists of America's \"Gold-Medal\" high schools in 2008 and 2009. It attracts an intellectually gifted blend of culturally, ethnically, and economically diverse students from New York City. As of 2012, Bronx Science is ranked as one of the \"22 top-performing schools\" in America on The Washington Post as well as number 50 out of a list of the best 1,000 high schools in the country on The Daily Beast's \"America's Best High Schools\" list.
/m/02y0yt	Gilbert Gottfried is an American stand-up comedian, actor, and voice artist known for his trademark comedic persona of speaking in a loud, grating tone of voice and squinting. His numerous roles in film and television include voicing the parrot Iago in Disney's Aladdin and Digit in the children's cartoon / educational math-based show Cyberchase. Gottfried was also the voice of the Aflac Duck until 2011.
/m/02qmncd	Jerry Hey is an American trumpeter, flugelhornist, horn arranger, string arranger, orchestrator and session musician who has played on hundreds of commercial recordings, including Thriller and the distinctive flugelhorn solo on Dan Fogelberg's hit \"Longer\".\nHe is known as the Seawind trumpeter and arranger who plays with Gary Grant, Larry Williams and Bill Reichenbach Jr..\nHey was born in Dixon, Illinois, in 1950, to parents well known in the area for their involvement in music. He attended the National Music Camp for two summers. While in college, Hey studied under Bill Adam at Indiana University.\nHe composed and arranged the song \"Jedi Rocks\" for the 1997 Special Edition rerelease of Star Wars: Return of the Jedi.
/m/03rl84	Zooey Claire Deschanel is an American actress, musician, and singer-songwriter. In 1999, Deschanel made her film debut in Mumford, followed by her breakout role as Anita Miller in Cameron Crowe's 2000 semi-autobiographical film Almost Famous. Deschanel soon became known for her deadpan and \"Manic Pixie Dream Girl\" supporting roles in films such as The Good Girl, Elf, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, Failure to Launch, Bridge to Terabithia, Yes Man, and Days of Summer. She has portrayed the role of Jessica Day in the Fox comedy series New Girl since 2011.\nFor a few years starting in 2001, Deschanel performed in the jazz cabaret act If All the Stars Were Pretty Babies with fellow actress Samantha Shelton. Besides singing, she plays keyboards, percussion, banjo and ukulele. In 2006, Deschanel teamed up with M. Ward to release their debut album Volume One which was released in March 2008. Their follow-up album Volume Two was released in the U.S. in March 2010, with their Christmas album A Very She & Him Christmas being released in 2011 and Volume 3 in 2013. She also often sings in her films.
/m/0mm_4	Williamsburg is an independent city in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 14,068.\nLocated on the Virginia Peninsula, Williamsburg is in the northern part of the Hampton Roads metropolitan area. It is bordered by James City County and York County.\nWilliamsburg was founded in 1632 as Middle Plantation as a fortified settlement on high ground between the James and York rivers. The city served as the capital of the Colony of Virginia from 1699 to 1780 and was the center of political events in Virginia leading to the American Revolution. The College of William & Mary, established in 1693, is the second-oldest institution of higher education in the United States; its alumni include three U.S. presidents as well as many other important figures in the nation's early history.\nThe city's tourism-based economy is driven by Colonial Williamsburg, the restored Historic Area of the city. Along with nearby Jamestown and Yorktown, Williamsburg forms part of the Historic Triangle, which attracts more than four million tourists each year. Modern Williamsburg is also a college town, inhabited in large part by William & Mary students and staff.
/m/01vrt_c	Alecia Beth Moore, better known by her stage name Pink, is an American singer-songwriter and actress. Originally a member of the girl group Choice, she began her solo career with the 2000 single \"There You Go\", which was also included on her debut album, Can't Take Me Home, released later that year. The R&B album went on to be certified double-platinum in the United States. She gained further recognition upon collaborating with Lil' Kim, Christina Aguilera and Mýa for a cover of \"Lady Marmalade\" for the 2001 Moulin Rouge! soundtrack. That cover earned Pink her first Grammy Award as well as her first number-one single on the Billboard Hot 100.\nAlthough she originally faced opposition from her record label, Pink aimed to make her second album more personal and more pop rock-oriented. The product, 2001's Missundaztood, proved to be her most successful album to date, with sales in excess of 12 million copies. The album's biggest singles, \"Get the Party Started\", \"Don't Let Me Get Me\", and \"Just Like a Pill\", all charted in the top ten in the US and the UK, with the latter becoming her first UK-number one. In November 2003, Pink released her third album, Try This, preceded by the single \"Trouble\". Although not her most successful album, Try This earned Pink her first solo Grammy Award, for best female rock vocal performance.
/m/01r0t_j	Fearless Fradkin signed to MGM Records in August 1970 and signed a staff songwriter agreement with Leo Feist Music and a recording contract with the new MGM/Sunflower Records label headed up by songwriting legend Mack David and industry veteran Danny Kessler. Fradkin signed as the first artist for Sunflower Records and debuted his first solo single \"Song of a Thousand Voices\" which was produced by Randy Edelman. \n\nGiven front page coverage in Billboard Magazine and picked for the Top 40, \"Song of a Thousand Voices\" surfaced as a regional hit in September 1970. By October 1970, he co-produced, co-wrote and sang another Sunflower regional hit single \"Hippie Lady\" b/w \"Patty Cake\" under the pseudonym \"The Yummies\". \n\nIn early 1971, \"Song of a Thousand Voices\" was translated into French by Hubert Ithier and recorded by the French songstress Mireille Mathieu as \"La Chansons Des Souvenirs\" for her \"Love Story\" Extended Play single on the Philips label. It was also released as a 45RPM single. Both versions became substantial hits in France, Germany, Austria, Switzerland and Israel. \"Song of a Thousand Voices\" has also been covered in a Spanish language hit version \"Donde?\" by Latin Pop star Roberto Jordan originally released on the RCA Victor label.
/m/0ckd1	An executive producer enables the making of a commercial entertainment product. He or she may be concerned with management accounting and/or with associated legal issues. An EP generally contributes to the film's budget and may or may not work on set.
/m/01vttb9	Enrico Nicola \"Henry\" Mancini was an American composer, conductor and arranger, who is best remembered for his film and television scores. He won a record number of Grammy Awards, plus a posthumous Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award in 1995.\nHis best-known works include the jazz-idiom theme to The Pink Panther film series and the theme to the Peter Gunn television series. Mancini had a long collaboration with the film director Blake Edwards and won numerous Academy Awards for the songs in Edwards films, including \"Moon River\" from Breakfast at Tiffany's, \"Days of Wine and Roses\" and for the score to Victor Victoria.
/m/03d8jd1	Batman: Gotham Knight is a 2008 direct-to-DVD anthology film of six short animated superhero films set in between the films Batman Begins and The Dark Knight. It depicts Batman battling against the mob of Gotham City, as well as other villains. The producers have acknowledged that it is not necessarily meant to be canon to the \"Nolanverse,\" and any of the six segments could easily fall into almost any Batman continuity. The shorts, or segments, are written by Josh Olson, David S. Goyer, Brian Azzarello, Greg Rucka, Jordan Goldberg and Alan Burnett. Although all based on Japanese anime art style, each segment has its own writing and artistic style, just as the works from the DC Universe, and with the same style of The Animatrix although some segments are connected. All six films of the feature star Kevin Conroy, reprising his voice role as Batman from the DC animated universe.\nIt is similar to another tie-in, The Animatrix, as both are collections of short animated films relating to their respective series. It is the third in the line of DC Universe Animated Original Movies released by Warner Premiere and Warner Bros. Animation; with the first two releases being Superman: Doomsday, Justice League: The New Frontier,. It is rated PG-13 for stylized violence, including some bloody images. Gotham Knight is the second animated Batman film to be rated PG-13. This film is notable for being the first DC Original Animated movie to have a connection with another Batman medium. While Superman: Doomsday and Justice League: The New Frontier have been released in the United Kingdom with a 12 rating, Batman: Gotham Knight is being accompanied with a 15 certificate for \"images of bloody violence and injury\". The film aired on Cartoon Network on October 4, 2008 at 9:00 pm with a TV-14-V rating and an exclusive parental warning after each commercial break, with a few of the more graphic scenes cut.
/m/015196	Glenn Danzig is an American singer-songwriter and musician from Lodi, New Jersey. He is a founder of bands the Misfits, Samhain, and Danzig. He owns the Evilive record label as well as Verotik, an adult-oriented comic book publishing company.\nHaving begun in the mid-1970s, Danzig's musical career has encompassed a number of genres through the years, including punk rock, heavy metal, industrial, blues and classical music. He has written songs for other musicians, most notably Johnny Cash and Roy Orbison.\nAs a singer, he is noted for his baritone voice and tenor vocal range; his style has been compared to those of Elvis Presley, Jim Morrison, and Howlin' Wolf. Danzig has also cited Bill Medley as a vocal influence. As an author, he is known for his fascination with horror, gore, occult, erotic, and religious themes.
/m/01hww_	The autoharp is a musical string instrument having a series of chord bars attached to dampers, which, when depressed, mute all of the strings other than those that form the desired chord. Despite its name, the autoharp is not a harp at all, but a chorded zither.
/m/0337vz	Larenz Tate is an American film and television actor.
/m/02fn5r	Vincent Grant \"Vince\" Gill is an American country singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist. He has achieved commercial success and fame both as frontman to the country rock band Pure Prairie League in the 1970s, and as a solo artist beginning in 1983, where his talents as a vocalist and musician have placed him in high demand as a guest vocalist, and a duet partner.\nGill has recorded more than 20 studio albums, charted over 40 singles on the U.S. Billboard charts as Hot Country Songs, and has sold more than 24 million albums. He has been honored by the Country Music Association with 18 CMA Awards, including two Entertainer of the Year awards and five Male Vocalist Awards. Gill has also earned 20 Grammy Awards, more than any other male Country music artist. In 2007, Gill was inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame.
/m/02sjp	Ennio Morricone, Grand Officer OMRI, is an Italian composer, orchestrator, conductor and former trumpet player, who has written music for more than 500 motion pictures and television series, as well as contemporary classical works. His career includes a wide range of composition genres, making him one of the world's most versatile, prolific and influential film composers of all time. Morricone's music has been used in more than 60 award-winning films.\nHis absolute music production includes over 100 classical pieces composed since 1946. During the late 1950s Morricone served as a successful studio arranger for RCA. He orchestrated over 500 songs and worked with music artists such as Paul Anka, Chet Baker and Mina. However, Morricone gained worldwide fame by composing the music for Italian westerns by directors such as Sergio Leone, Duccio Tessari and Sergio Corbucci, including the Dollars Trilogy, A Pistol for Ringo, The Big Gundown, Once Upon a Time in the West, The Great Silence, The Mercenary, A Fistful of Dynamite and My Name is Nobody.\nDuring the 1960s and '70s, he built long-term associations with directors such as Gillo Pontecorvo, known for the war film The Battle of Algiers, Bernardo Bertolucci for whom Morricone scored the 1976 epic film Novecento, Henri Verneuil, Pier Paolo Pasolini, Mauro Bolognini, Dario Argento and Elio Petri. Morricone composed music for all film genres, ranging from comedy and drama to action thrillers and historical films. He achieved commercial success with several compositions, including \"The Ecstasy of Gold\", the theme of The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, A Man with Harmonica, the protest song \"Here's to You\" sung by Joan Baez and \"Chi Mai\". Between 1964 and 1980 Morricone was also the trumpet player and a co-composer for the avant-garde free improvisation group Il Gruppo. In 1978, he wrote the official theme for the 1978 FIFA World Cup.
/m/0453t	Joseph John Campbell was an American mythologist, writer and lecturer, best known for his work in comparative mythology and comparative religion. His work is vast, covering many aspects of the human experience. His philosophy is often summarized by his phrase: \"Follow your bliss.\"
/m/04353	Robert Jonathan Demme is an American filmmaker, producer and screenwriter. Best known for directing The Silence of the Lambs, for which he won the Academy Award for Best Director, he has also directed the acclaimed films Philadelphia, Rachel Getting Married, the Talking Heads concert movie Stop Making Sense and a trilogy of Neil Young documentary/concert movies.
/m/031x_3	Jessye Mae Norman is an American Grammy award-winning contemporary opera singer and recitalist, and is a successful performer of classical music. A dramatic soprano, Norman is associated in particular with the Wagnerian repertoire, and with the roles of Sieglinde, Ariadne, Alceste, and Leonore.
/m/0bjy7	Montpelier is a city in the U.S. state of Vermont that serves as the state capital and the shire town of Washington County. As the capital of Vermont, Montpelier is the site of the Vermont State House, seat of the legislative branch of Vermont government. The population was 7,855 at the 2010 census. By population, it is the smallest state capital in the United States. The Vermont College of Fine Arts, and New England Culinary Institute are located in Montpelier.
/m/019l3m	Anne Baxter was an American actress known for her performances in films such as The Magnificent Ambersons, The Razor's Edge, All About Eve and The Ten Commandments.
/m/087qxp	Sam Means is a comedy writer. He won three Emmy awards for his work on The Daily Show with Jon Stewart and wrote for the last two seasons of \"30 Rock\" on NBC. Currently he is on the staff of Parks and Recreation. He began his comedy career as a cartoonist for The New Yorker. and as a contributing writer for The Onion. He has written a satirical book A Practical Guide To Racism in character as Professor \"C. H. Dalton.\"\nMeans received his A.B. from Dartmouth College, and an M.Phil. in philosophy from King's College, Cambridge.
/m/02sch9	Punjabi people, also spelled Panjabi people; are a sub-group of Indo-Aryan peoples, originating from the Punjab region, found between eastern Pakistan and northern India. Punjab literally means the land of five-rivers (Persian:پنج آب panj (\"five\") āb (\"waters\")), and is a xenonym/exonym that was introduced during the reign of the Mughal empire in the Indian subcontinent. Punjab is often referred to as the breadbasket in both Pakistan and India.\nThe name Punjab was formally introduced by the Mughals in the 17th century CE. But the coalescence of the various tribes, castes and other communities inhabiting the Punjab into a broader, common \"Punjabi\" identity occurred only from the 19th century CE, particularly after the annexation of the region by the British. Prior to the British annexation of the Punjab and their final drawing/fixing of its administrative boundaries, the sense and perception of a common \"Punjabi\" ethno-cultural identity and community did not exist, though the majority of the various communities of the Punjab had long shared linguistic, cultural and racial commonalities.\nTraditionally, Punjabi identity was primarily linguistic, regardless of religious affiliation or heritage, referring to those for whom the Punjabi language(s), was the first language and who resided in the Punjab region. As such, they more or less shared the same cultural background.
/m/079vf	Stan Lee is an American comic book writer, editor, publisher, media producer, television host, actor, voice actor and former president and chairman of Marvel Comics.\nIn collaboration with several artists, most notably Jack Kirby and Steve Ditko, he co-created Spider-Man, the Hulk, the Fantastic Four, Iron Man, Thor, X-Men, and many other fictional characters, introducing complex, naturalistic characters and a thoroughly shared universe into superhero comic books. In addition, he headed the first major successful challenge to the industry's censorship organization, the Comics Code Authority, and forced it to reform its policies. Lee subsequently led the expansion of Marvel Comics from a small division of a publishing house to a large multimedia corporation.\nHe was inducted into the comic book industry's The Will Eisner Award Hall of Fame in 1994 and the Jack Kirby Hall of Fame in 1995.
/m/01c1nm	Goa is India's smallest state by area and the fourth smallest by population. Located in West India in the region known as the Konkan, it is bounded by the state of Maharashtra to the north, and by Karnataka to the east and south, while the Arabian Sea forms its western coast. Goa is India's richest state with a GDP per capita two and a half times that of the country as a whole. It was ranked the best placed state by the Eleventh Finance Commission for its infrastructure and ranked on top for the best quality of life in India by the National Commission on Population based on the 12 Indicators.\nPanaji is the state's capital, while Vasco da Gama is the largest city. The historic city of Margao still exhibits the cultural influence of the Portuguese, who first landed in the early 16th century as merchants and conquered it soon thereafter. Goa is a former Portuguese province; the Portuguese overseas territory of Portuguese India existed for about 450 years until it was annexed by India in 1961.\nRenowned for its beaches, places of worship and world heritage architecture, Goa is visited by large numbers of international and domestic tourists each year. It also has rich flora and fauna, owing to its location on the Western Ghats range, which is classified as a biodiversity hotspot.
/m/03f7jfh	Kamaal Ibn John Fareed, better known by his stage name Q-Tip, is an American rapper and record producer from St. Albans, Queens, New York, part of the critically acclaimed group A Tribe Called Quest. John Bush of AllMusic called him \"the best rapper/producer in hip-hop history,\" while editors of About.com placed him on their list of the Top 50 Hip-Hop Producers, as well as placing him on their list of the Top 50 MCs of Our Time. In 2012, The Source ranked him #20 on their list of the Top 50 Lyricists of All Time.
/m/0gtv7pk	Resident Evil: Retribution is a 2012 science fiction action horror film written and directed by Paul W. S. Anderson. It is the fifth installment in the Resident Evil film series based on the Capcom survival horror video game series Resident Evil, and the third to be written and directed by Anderson after the first film and the previous installment.\nRetribution is a direct follow-on from the previous film Resident Evil: Afterlife, and focuses on Alice captured by the Umbrella Corporation, forcing her to make her escape from an underwater base in the Arctic Circle, used for testing the T-virus. The film has many returning actors and characters, along with new characters from the video game not featured in the previous films. Filming took place from October to December 2011 for an international release date of September 14, 2012.\nThe film was released in 2D, 3D and IMAX 3D to a box-office success, grossing over $240 million worldwide. Film critics criticized the film for its characters, plot, and acting while praising the 3D, visual effects, and fight choreography. The Blu-ray and DVD for the film was released on December 21, 2012, and a sixth installment is planned by Sony.
/m/0n4mk	Brunswick County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. As of the 2010 census, the population was 107,431. Brunswick County is the 37th fastest growing county in the country. Its county seat is Bolivia. Brunswick County was formerly part of the Wilmington Metropolitan Statistical Area, but was added to the Myrtle Beach-Conway-North Myrtle Beach, SC metropolitan area in the 2013 metropolitan revisions by the Office of Management and Budget. Wilmington area leaders disputed the change, but unsuccessfully.
/m/03twd6	The Bourne Identity is a 2002 American-German action spy film adaptation of Robert Ludlum's novel of the same name. It stars Matt Damon as Jason Bourne, suffering from extreme memory loss, attempting to discover his true identity amidst a clandestine conspiracy within the Central Intelligence Agency. The film also features Franka Potente, Chris Cooper, Clive Owen, Brian Cox and Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje. This, the first in the Bourne film series, is followed by The Bourne Supremacy, The Bourne Ultimatum, and The Bourne Legacy.\nThe film was directed by Doug Liman and adapted for the screen by Tony Gilroy and William Blake Herron. Although Robert Ludlum died in 2001, he is credited as the film's producer alongside Frank Marshall. Universal Pictures released the film to theatres in the United States on June 14, 2002, and it received a positive critical and public reaction.
/m/058dm9	Zamalek Sporting Club, is an Egyptian sporting club bd in Meet Okba, Giza, Egypt that plays in the Egyptian Premier League.\nThe club was inaugurated under the name of “Kasr-El Nil Club“ and was first headed by Belgian lawyer Merzbach. The name was changed to Mokhtalat in the year 1913 and was named after King Farouk in 1940, before finally settling as Zamalek after the 1952 Egyptian revolution.\nHaving won 11 league titles, 22 Egyptian cups, 5 CAF Champions League titles, 3 CAF Super Cups and the African Cup Winners' Cup, Zamalek SC is the most successful club of the 20th century in Africa. The club has consistently produced some talents in Egyptian & African football.
/m/032xky	It is a 1990 horror/drama miniseries based on Stephen King's novel of the same name. The story revolves around an inter-dimensional predatory life-form, which has the ability to transform itself into its prey's worst fears, allowing it to exploit the phobias of its victims. It mostly takes the form of a sadistic, wisecracking clown called \"Pennywise the Dancing Clown\". The protagonists are \"The Losers Club\", a group of outcast kids who discover Pennywise and vow to destroy him by any means necessary. The series takes place over two different time periods, the first when the Losers first discover Pennywise as children, and the second when they're called back as adults to defeat Pennywise, who has resurfaced.\nIt aired as a two-part television movie on November 18 and November 20, 1990 on ABC, and loosely follows the plot of the novel. The miniseries was filmed in New Westminster, British Columbia in mid-1990. The film's cast includes Dennis Christopher, Annette O'Toole, John Ritter, Harry Anderson, Richard Thomas, Tim Reid, Richard Masur, Michael Cole, and Tim Curry as Pennywise.\nSince its initial television broadcast on ABC in November 1990, the miniseries has received positive reception, proving to have a large cult following in recent years. Critics praised Tim Curry's performance as Pennywise, the performances of the child actors, and Part 1 for being genuinely scary and very entertaining, but criticizing Part 2 for being too melodramatic and not as interesting or creepy as Part 1. For his work on the miniseries, Richard Bellis received an Emmy Award for his music score.
/m/0d8zt	Mantua is a city and comune in Lombardy, Italy, and capital of the province of the same name.\nIn 2007 Mantua and Sabbioneta were been declared by UNESCO to be a World Heritage Site. Mantua's historic power and influence under the Gonzaga family made it one of the main artistic, cultural, and especially musical hubs of Northern Italy and the country as a whole. Mantua is noted for its significant role in the history of opera, and the city is known for its architectural treasures and artifacts, elegant palaces, and medieval and Renaissance cityscape. It is the nearest town to the birthplace of the Roman poet Virgil. It is also the town to which Romeo was banished in William Shakespeare's play Romeo and Juliet.\nMantua is surrounded on three sides by artificial lakes created during the 12th century. These receive the waters of the river Mincio, a tributary of the Po which descends from Lake Garda. The three lakes are called Lago Superiore, Lago di Mezzo, and Lago Inferiore. A fourth lake, Lake Pajolo, which once completed a defensive water ring of the city, dried up at the end of the 18th century.
/m/0dqzkv	Leon Shamroy, A.S.C. was an American film cinematographer. He and Charles Lang both hold the record for most number of Academy Award nominations for Cinematography. During his five-decade career, he garnered eighteen nominations with four wins.
/m/03975z	George Fenton is a film score composer, actor and composer.
/m/0d2lt	Hereford is a cathedral city, civil parish and county town of Herefordshire, England. It lies on the River Wye, approximately 16 miles east of the border with Wales, 24 miles southwest of Worcester, and 23 miles northwest of Gloucester. With a population of 53,516 people, it is the largest settlement in the county.\nThe name \"Hereford\" is said to come from the Anglo-Saxon \"here\", an army or formation of soldiers, and the \"ford\", a place for crossing a river. If this is the origin it suggests that Hereford was a place where a body of armed men forded or crossed the Wye. The Welsh name for Hereford is Henffordd, meaning \"old road\", and probably refers to the Roman road and Roman settlement at nearby Stretton Sugwas.\nAn early town charter from 1189 granted by Richard I of England describes it as \"Hereford in Wales\". Hereford has been recognised as a city since time immemorial, with the status being reconfirmed as recently as October 2000.\nIt is now known chiefly as a trading centre for a wider agricultural and rural area. Products from Hereford include: cider, beer, leather goods, nickel alloys, poultry, chemicals, and cattle, including the famous Hereford breed.
/m/03082	Folklore consists of legends, music, oral history, proverbs, jokes, popular beliefs, fairy tales, stories, tall tales, and customs included in the traditions of a culture, subculture, or group. It also includes the set of practices through which those expressive genres are shared. The study of folklore is sometimes called folkloristics, and people who study folklore are sometimes referred to as \"folklorists\". The English antiquarian William Thoms introduced the word \"folklore\" in a letter published in the London journal The Athenaeum in 1846. In usage, there is a continuum between folklore and mythology. Stith Thompson made a major attempt to index the motifs of both folklore and mythology, providing an outline for classifying new motifs, and within which scholars can keep track of all older motifs.\nFolklore can be divided into four areas of study:\nartifacts\ndescribable and transmissible entity\nculture\nbehavior\nThese areas do not stand alone, however, as often a particular item or element may fit into more than one of these areas.
/m/01tdnyh	Stephen William Hawking CH CBE FRS FRSA is an English theoretical physicist, cosmologist, author and Director of Research at the Centre for Theoretical Cosmology within the University of Cambridge. Among his significant scientific works have been a collaboration with Roger Penrose on gravitational singularity theorems in the framework of general relativity, and the theoretical prediction that black holes emit radiation, often called Hawking radiation. Hawking was the first to set forth a cosmology explained by a union of the general theory of relativity and quantum mechanics. He is a vocal supporter of the many-worlds interpretation of quantum mechanics.\nHawking is an Honorary Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts, a lifetime member of the Pontifical Academy of Sciences, and a recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the highest civilian award in the United States. Hawking was the Lucasian Professor of Mathematics at the University of Cambridge between 1979 and 2009.\nHawking has achieved success with works of popular science in which he discusses his own theories and cosmology in general; his A Brief History of Time stayed on the British Sunday Times best-sellers list for a record-breaking 237 weeks. Hawking has a motor neuron disease related to amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, a condition that has progressed over the years. He is almost entirely paralysed and communicates through a speech generating device. He married twice and has three children.
/m/0c6g1l	Christopher Whitelaw \"Chris\" Pine is an American actor in films and television. Best known for his role as James T. Kirk in the 2009 film Star Trek, and its sequel, Star Trek Into Darkness, he has also starred in over 15 other films, including: The Princess Diaries 2: Royal Engagement, Just My Luck, Smokin' Aces, Unstoppable, This Means War, Rise of the Guardians, and as Jack Ryan in Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit.
/m/04cb4x	The Revisionist Western, Modern Western or Anti-Western traces to the mid 1960s and early 1970s as a sub-genre of the Western movie.\nSome post-WWII Western films began to question the ideals and style of the traditional Western. Elements include a darker, more cynical tone, with focus on the lawlessness of the time period, favoring realism over romanticism. Anti-heroes are common, as are stronger roles for women and more-sympathetic portrayal of Native Americans and Mexicans. Regarding power and authority, these depictions favor critical views of big business, the American government, masculine figures, and a turn to greater historical authenticity.
/m/01wd02c	Clive Staples Lewis, commonly called C. S. Lewis and known to his friends and family as \"Jack\", was a novelist, poet, academic, medievalist, literary critic, essayist, lay theologian, and Christian apologist. Born in Belfast, Ireland, he held academic positions at both Oxford University, 1925–1954, and Cambridge University, 1954–1963. He is best known both for his fictional work, especially The Screwtape Letters, The Chronicles of Narnia, and The Space Trilogy, and for his non-fiction Christian apologetics, such as Mere Christianity, Miracles, and The Problem of Pain.\nLewis and fellow novelist J. R. R. Tolkien were close friends. Both authors served on the English faculty at Oxford University, and both were active in the informal Oxford literary group known as the \"Inklings\". According to his memoir Surprised by Joy, Lewis had been baptized in the Church of Ireland at birth, but fell away from his faith during his adolescence. Owing to the influence of Tolkien and other friends, at the age of 32 Lewis returned to the Anglican Communion, becoming \"a very ordinary layman of the Church of England\". His faith had a profound effect on his work, and his wartime radio broadcasts on the subject of Christianity brought him wide acclaim.
/m/019pm_	Demi Guynes Kutcher, known professionally as Demi Moore, is an American actress, film producer, film director, former songwriter, and model. Moore dropped out of high school at age 16 to pursue an acting career, and posed for a nude pictorial in Oui magazine in 1980. After making her film debut in 1981, she appeared on the soap opera General Hospital and subsequently gained recognition for her roles in Blame It on Rio and St. Elmo's Fire. Her first film to become both a critical and commercial hit was About Last Night..., which established her as a Hollywood star.\nIn 1990, Moore starred in Ghost, the highest-grossing film of that year, which brought her a Golden Globe nomination. She had a string of additional box-office successes over the early 1990s with A Few Good Men, Indecent Proposal, and Disclosure. In 1996, Moore became the highest-paid actress in film history when she was paid a then-unprecedented fee of $12.5 million to star in Striptease. The high-profile disappointment of that film as well as her next, G.I. Jane, was followed by a lengthy hiatus and significant downturn in Moore's career, although she has remained a subject of substantial media interest during the years since.
/m/0jhz_	Duval County is a county located in the State of Florida. As of the 2010 census, the population was 864,263. Its county seat is Jacksonville, with which the Duval County government has been consolidated since 1968. Duval County was established in 1822, and is named for William Pope Duval, Governor of Florida Territory from 1822 to 1834.
/m/0k20s	Z is a 1969 French language political thriller directed by Costa-Gavras, with a screenplay by Gavras and Jorge Semprún, based on the 1966 novel of the same name by Vassilis Vassilikos. The film presents a thinly fictionalized account of the events surrounding the assassination of democratic Greek politician Grigoris Lambrakis in 1963. With its satirical view of Greek politics, its dark sense of humor, and its downbeat ending, the film captures the outrage about the military dictatorship that ruled Greece at the time of its making.\nZ stars Jean-Louis Trintignant as the investigating magistrate. International stars Yves Montand and Irene Papas also appear, but despite their star billing have very little screen time compared to the other principals. Jacques Perrin, who co-produced, plays a key role. The film's title refers to a popular Greek protest slogan meaning \"he lives\".\nThe film had a total of 3,952,913 admissions in France and was the 4th highest grossing film of the year. It was also the 12th highest grossing film of 1969 in the U.S. Z is also one of the few films to be nominated for both the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film and Best Picture.
/m/0m2cb	Pinal County is located in the central part of the U.S. state of Arizona. Founded in 1875, it is the third most populous county in the state with an estimated population of 387,365 as of July 1, 2012. The county seat is Florence.\nPinal County contains parts of the Tohono O'odham Nation, the Gila River Indian Community and the San Carlos Apache Indian Reservation, as well as the entirety of the Ak-Chin Indian Community.\nBecause Pinal County is located between Arizona's two largest metropolitan regions, Phoenix and Tucson, suburban growth southward from greater Phoenix has begun to spread into the northern parts of the county; similarly, growth northward from Tucson is spreading into the southern portions of the county. The Pinal County cities of Maricopa and Casa Grande, as well as many unincorporated areas, have shown accelerated growth patterns in recent years; such suburban development is likely to continue for the foreseeable future.
/m/06y9bd	Shonda Rhimes is an American screenwriter, director and producer. Rhimes is best known as the creator, head writer, and executive producer of the medical drama television series Grey's Anatomy and its spin-off Private Practice. In May 2007, Rhimes was named one of Time magazine's 100 people who help shape the world. Rhimes was an executive producer for the medical drama series Off the Map, and developed the ABC drama series Scandal, which debuted as a mid-season replacement on April 5, 2012.
/m/018417	Helen Hayes Brown was an American actress whose career spanned almost 80 years. She eventually garnered the nickname \"First Lady of the American Theatre\" and was one of eleven people who have won an Emmy, a Grammy, an Oscar and a Tony Award. Hayes also received the Presidential Medal of Freedom, America's highest civilian honor, from President Ronald Reagan in 1986. In 1988, she was awarded the National Medal of Arts. The annual Helen Hayes Awards, which have recognized excellence in professional theatre in the greater Washington, D.C. area since 1984, are her namesake. In 1955 the former Fulton Theatre on 46th Street in New York City's Broadway Theater District was renamed the Helen Hayes Theatre. When that venue was torn down in 1982, the nearby Little Theatre was renamed in her honor.
/m/01lc5	Sir Charles Spencer \"Charlie\" Chaplin, KBE was an English comic actor, filmmaker, and composer who rose to fame in the silent era. Chaplin became a worldwide icon through his screen persona \"the Tramp\" and is considered one of the most important figures in the history of the film industry. His career spanned more than 75 years, from childhood in the Victorian era until a year before his death at age 88, and encompassed both adulation and controversy.\nChaplin's childhood in London was defined by poverty and hardship. As his father was absent and his mother struggled financially, he was sent to a workhouse twice before the age of nine. When he was 14, his mother was committed to a mental asylum. Chaplin began performing at an early age, touring music halls and later working as a stage actor and comedian. At 19 he was signed to the prestigious Fred Karno company, which took him to America. Chaplin was scouted for the film industry, and made his first appearance in Keystone Studios's Making a Living. He soon developed the Tramp persona and formed a large fan base. Chaplin directed his films from an early stage, and continued to hone his craft as he moved to the Essanay, Mutual, and First National corporations. By 1918, he was one of the best known figures in the world.
/m/0q9sg	Rocky IV is a 1985 American film written by, directed by, and starring Sylvester Stallone, and co-starring Dolph Lundgren, Burt Young, Talia Shire, Carl Weathers, Tony Burton, Brigitte Nielsen, and Michael Pataki. It is the fourth and most financially successful entry in the Rocky franchise.\nIn the film, the Soviet Union and their top boxer make an entrance into professional boxing with their best athlete Ivan Drago who initially wants to take on World Champion Rocky Balboa. His best friend Apollo Creed decides to fight him instead, but is killed in the ring. Enraged by this, Rocky decides to fight Drago in Russia to avenge his friend and defend the honor of his country.\nCritical reception was mixed, but the film earned $300 million at the box office, making it the most successful entry in the Rocky series. This film marked Carl Weathers' final appearance in the series. The film's success led to a fourth sequel released in November 16, 1990.
/m/08bytj	Big Love is an American television drama that aired on HBO between March 2006 and March 2011. The show is about a fictional fundamentalist Mormon family in Utah that practices polygamy. Big Love stars Bill Paxton, Jeanne Tripplehorn, Chloë Sevigny and Ginnifer Goodwin, as well as a large supporting cast.\nThe series premiered in the United States on March 12, 2006 following the sixth-season premiere of the HBO series The Sopranos. The show was a success for HBO, running for five seasons before concluding its run on March 20, 2011.\nBig Love received widespread critical acclaim, and earned several major awards and nominations throughout its run. The third season was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Drama Series, and the first three were nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Television Series - Drama. For acting, Chloe Sevigny won a Golden Globe Award for her supporting role, and Bill Paxton was nominated three times for his leading role. At the Emmys, Ellen Burstyn, Bruce Dern, Mary Kay Place and Sissy Spacek were all nominated for their recurring roles. Creators Mark V. Olsen and Will Scheffer won the Writers Guild of America Award for Television: Episodic Drama, and Rodrigo Garcia was nominated for an Emmy for directing the pilot.
/m/01rhl	The classical guitar is the member of the guitar family used in classical music. It is an acoustical wooden guitar with six classical guitar strings as opposed to the metal strings used in acoustic and electric guitars designed for popular music.\nIn addition to the instrument, the phrase \"classical guitar\" can refer to two other concepts:\nThe instrumental finger technique common to classical guitar—individual strings plucked with the fingernails or, rarely, fingertips\nThe instrument's classical music repertoire\nThe shape, construction, and material of classical guitars vary, but typically they have a modern classical guitar shape, or historic classical guitar shape resembling early romantic guitars from France and Italy. Classical guitar strings were once made of catgut and nowadays are made of polymers such as nylon, with a fine wire wrap on the bass strings.\nA guitar family tree can be identified. The flamenco guitar derives from the modern classical, but has differences in material, construction and sound.\nThe term modern classical guitar is sometimes used to distinguish the classical guitar from older forms of guitar, which are in their broadest sense also called classical, or more specifically: early guitars. Examples of early guitars include the 6-string early romantic guitar, and the earlier baroque guitars with 5 courses.
/m/0hkf	Agriculture, also called farming or husbandry, is the cultivation of animals, plants, fungi, and other life forms for food, fiber, biofuel, medicinals and other products used to sustain and enhance human life. Agriculture was the key development in the rise of sedentary human civilization, whereby farming of domesticated species created food surpluses that nurtured the development of civilization. The study of agriculture is known as agricultural science. The history of agriculture dates back thousands of years, and its development has been driven and defined by greatly different climates, cultures, and technologies. However, all farming generally relies on techniques to expand and maintain the lands that are suitable for raising domesticated species. For plants, this usually requires some form of irrigation, although there are methods of dryland farming. Livestock are raised in a combination of grassland-based and landless systems, in an industry that covers almost one-third of the world's ice- and water-free area. In the developed world, industrial agriculture based on large-scale monoculture has become the dominant system of modern farming, although there is growing support for sustainable agriculture, including permaculture and organic agriculture.
/m/05pcjw	Private universities are universities not operated by governments, although many receive tax breaks, public student loans, and grants. Depending on their location, private universities may be subject to government regulation. This is in contrast to public universities and national universities. Some universities are non-profit and some are for-profit.
/m/02x20c9	Rohinton Soli \"Ronnie\" Screwvala is an Indian entrepreneur and social philanthropist. He is the founder and CEO of UTV Group, which was founded in the year 1990. Screwvala is the Managing Director of Disney- UTV India, Managing Trustee of the Swades Foundation and Founder & Advisor: at Unilazer Ventures Ltd.,.\nHe has been named on Esquire's List of the 75 Most Influential People of the 21st Century and ranked 78 among the 100 most influential people in the world on the Time 100. He was also listed amongst 25 Asia’s Most Powerful by Fortune Magazine, titled the Jack Warner of India by Newsweek, and named Entrepreneur of the year by Ernst & Young.
/m/02ky346	Engineering is the application of scientific, economic, social, and practical knowledge in order to design, build, maintain, and improve structures, machines, devices, systems, materials and processes. It may encompass using insights to conceive, model and scale an appropriate solution to a problem or objective. The discipline of engineering is extremely broad, and encompasses a range of more specialized fields of engineering, each with a more specific emphasis on particular areas of technology and types of application.\nThe American Engineers' Council for Professional Development has defined \"engineering\" as:\nThe creative application of scientific principles to design or develop structures, machines, apparatus, or manufacturing processes, or works utilizing them singly or in combination; or to construct or operate the same with full cognizance of their design; or to forecast their behavior under specific operating conditions; all as respects an intended function, economics of operation or safety to life and property.\nOne who practices engineering is called an engineer, and those licensed to do so may have more formal designations such as Professional Engineer, Federal Aviation Administration Designated Engineering Representative, Chartered Engineer, Incorporated Engineer, Ingenieur or European Engineer.
/m/0n4m5	Buncombe County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina. It is part of the Metropolitan Statistical Area of Asheville, North Carolina. As of the 2010 census, the population was 238,318. Its county seat is Asheville.
/m/0mx7f	Jackson County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oregon. As of the 2010 census, the population was 203,206. The county is named for Andrew Jackson, the seventh president of the United States. There are 11 incorporated cities and 34 unincorporated communities in Jackson County; the largest is Medford, which has been the county seat since 1927.
/m/03h4mp	Georges Delerue was a French composer who composed over 350 scores for cinema and television. Delerue won numerous important film music awards, including an Academy Award for A Little Romance, three César Awards, two ASCAP Awards, and one Gemini Award for Sword of Gideon. He was also nominated for four additional Academy Awards for Anne of the Thousand Days, The Day of the Dolphin, Julia, and Agnes of God, four additional César Awards, three Golden Globe Awards, and one Genie Award for Black Robe.\nThe French newspaper Le Figaro named him \"the Mozart of cinema.\" Delerue was the first composer to win three consecutive César Awards for Get Out Your Handkerchiefs, Love on the Run, and The Last Metro. Georges Delerue was named Commander of Arts and Letters, one of France's highest honours.
/m/017j7y	Surrey is a city in the province of British Columbia, Canada. It is a member municipality of Metro Vancouver, the governing body of the Greater Vancouver Regional District. It is the province's second-largest city by population after the city of Vancouver.\nThe six \"town centres\" the City of Surrey comprises are: Fleetwood, Whalley/City Centre, Guildford, Newton, Cloverdale, and South Surrey.
/m/018s6c	Israelis, are citizens or nationals of the modern state of Israel. Although Israel is a Jewish state, it is a multiethnic society which is home to people of different ethnic and national backgrounds. The largest ethnic group comprises Ashkenazi Jews, followed by Sephardi and Mizrahi Jews, Palestinians, Bedouin, Druze, and other minorities. However, hundreds of thousands of Israelis have a mixed heritage of at least two ethnic groups, due to cross-cultural intermarriage.\nIsrael is a multicultural nation which is home to a wide variety of traditions and values. Large-scale aliyah in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries from Jewish diaspora communities in Europe and Yemen and more recent large-scale aliyah from North Africa, Western Asia, North America, the Former Soviet Union and Ethiopia introduced many new demographic elements and have had broad impact on Israeli culture.\nIsraelis and people of Israeli descent live all over the world: in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom and throughout Europe. As many as 750,000 Israelis, about 10 percent of the general population of Israel, are estimated to be living abroad.
/m/065b6q	Swedish Americans are Americans of Swedish descent, especially the descendants of about 1.2 million immigrants from Sweden during 1885–1915. Most were Lutherans who were affiliated with predecessor bodies of what are now the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America or Lutheran Church-Missouri Synod or North American Lutheran Church; some were Methodists. Historically Swedish Americans are concentrated in the Midwest, roughly in the area west and northwest of Chicago.
/m/0mb8c	A Better Tomorrow is a 1986 Hong Kong crime film directed by John Woo and starring Chow Yun-fat, Ti Lung and Leslie Cheung. The film had a profound influence on the Hong Kong film-making industry, and later on an international scale.\nAlthough it was produced with a tight budget and was relatively unknown until it went on screen, it broke Hong Kong's box office record and went on to become a blockbuster in Asian countries. It is highly regarded, ranking at #2 of the Best 100 Chinese Motion Pictures. Its success also ensured the sequel A Better Tomorrow 2, also directed by Woo, and A Better Tomorrow 3: Love & Death in Saigon, a prequel directed by Tsui Hark.
/m/0hky	Aldous Leonard Huxley was an English writer and a prominent member of the Huxley family. Best known for his novels including Brave New World, set in a dystopian London, The Doors of Perception, which recalls experiences when taking a psychedelic drug, and a wide-ranging output of essays. Huxley also edited the magazine Oxford Poetry, and published short stories, poetry, travel writing, film stories and scripts. He spent the later part of his life in the United States, living in Los Angeles from 1937 until his death.\nHuxley was a humanist, pacifist, and satirist. He later became interested in spiritual subjects such as parapsychology and philosophical mysticism, in particular, Universalism. He is also well known for his use of psychedelic drugs. By the end of his life Huxley was widely acknowledged as one of the pre-eminent intellectuals of his time.
/m/0fy2s1	Sukumari was an Indian film actress who primarily acted in Malayalam and Tamil films. She had been acting since she was 10 years old and has acted in various roles. The total number of her films is presumed to be more than 2500. In 2003, she was awarded the Padma Shri by the Government of India for her contributions towards the arts. And she won the National Film Award for Best Supporting Actress for her role in Namma Gramam. Sukumari died on 26 March 2013 following a heart attack while under treatment for burn injuries received while lighting the pooja lamp at her residence in Chennai.
/m/01r9md	Lucy Lawless, MNZM is a New Zealand actress, activist and musician best known for playing the title character of the internationally successful television series Xena: Warrior Princess.\nShe is also widely known for her role as Number Three on the re-imagined Battlestar Galactica series, and for the role of Lucretia on the television series Spartacus: Blood and Sand, its prequel Spartacus: Gods of the Arena, and its sequel Spartacus: Vengeance.
/m/03bx2lk	G-Force is a 2009 spy-fi comedy film produced by Walt Disney Pictures and Jerry Bruckheimer Films. Written by Cormac Wibberley and Marianne Wibberley, the film is the directorial debut of Hoyt Yeatman, whose earlier work includes contributions in the area of visual effects. It was released in the United States on July 24, 2009. G-Force was the first live-action Disney film to be produced in Disney Digital 3-D, not including two concert films, Hannah Montana & Miley Cyrus: Best of Both Worlds Concert and Jonas Brothers: The 3D Concert Experience. The film was shown in competing 3-D technologies like Dolby 3D and RealD Cinema. G-Force is based on a story also by Hoyt Yeatman.
/m/04czx7	Chinese Filipinos or Filipino Chinese are Philippine nationals of Chinese descent, mostly born and raised in the Philippines.\nChinese Filipinos are one of the largest overseas Chinese communities in Southeast Asia. Sangleys—Filipinos with at least some Chinese ancestry—comprise 18-27% of the Philippine population, numbering up to 25 million people. There are roughly 1.5 million Filipinos with pure Chinese ancestry, or just 1.6% of the population.\nChinese Filipinos are well represented in all levels of Philippine society, and well integrated politically and economically. Chinese Filipinos are present within several commerce and business sectors in the Philippines and a few sources estimate companies which comprise a majority of the Philippine economy are owned by Chinese Filipinos, if one includes Sangleys.
/m/0ljc_	Cartoon Network is an American basic cable and satellite television channel that is owned by the Turner Broadcasting System division of Time Warner. The channel airs mainly animated programming, ranging from action to animated comedy, along with some live-action content. It was launched October 1, 1992.\nIt is primarily aimed at children and teenagers between the ages of 7–15, and also targets older teens and adults with mature content during its late night daypart Adult Swim, which is treated as a separate entity for promotional purposes and as a separate channel by Nielsen for ratings purposes. A Spanish language audio track for select programs is accessible via SAP; some cable and satellite companies offer the Spanish feed as a separate channel.\nAs of August 2013, Cartoon Network is available to approximately 98,671,000 pay television households in the United States.
/m/0mk1z	Teton County is a county located in the U.S. state of Wyoming. As of the 2010 census, the population was 21,294. Its county seat is Jackson. It is east from the Idaho state line.\nTeton County contains the affluent Jackson Hole skiing area. In addition, the county contains all of Grand Teton National Park and 40.4% of Yellowstone National Park's total area, including over 96.6% of its water area.\nIt has the highest personal per capita income in the U.S. at $132,728, surpassing Manhattan with $120,790.\nTeton County is part of the Jackson, WY-ID Micropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/0tfc	Adam Smith was a Scottish moral philosopher and a pioneer of political economy. One of the key figures of the Scottish Enlightenment, Smith is best known for two classic works: The Theory of Moral Sentiments, and An Inquiry into the Nature and Causes of the Wealth of Nations. The latter, usually abbreviated as The Wealth of Nations, is considered his magnum opus and the first modern work of economics. Smith is cited as the \"father of modern economics\" and is still among the most influential thinkers in the field of economics today.\nSmith studied social philosophy at the University of Glasgow and at Balliol College, Oxford, where he was one of the first students to benefit from scholarships set up by fellow Scot, John Snell. After graduating, he delivered a successful series of public lectures at the University of Edinburgh, leading him to collaborate with David Hume during the Scottish Enlightenment. Smith obtained a professorship at Glasgow teaching moral philosophy, and during this time he wrote and published The Theory of Moral Sentiments. In his later life, he took a tutoring position that allowed him to travel throughout Europe, where he met other intellectual leaders of his day. Smith laid the foundations of classical free market economic theory. The Wealth of Nations was a precursor to the modern academic discipline of economics. In this and other works, he expounded upon how rational self-interest and competition can lead to economic prosperity. Smith was controversial in his own day and his general approach and writing style were often satirized by Tory writers in the moralizing tradition of William Hogarth and Jonathan Swift. In 2005, The Wealth of Nations was named among the 100 Best Scottish Books of all time. Former UK Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, it is said, used to carry a copy of the book in her handbag.
/m/01c427	The Grammy Award for Best New Artist has been awarded since 1959. Years reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were handed out, for records released in the previous year. The award was not presented in 1967. The official guidelines are as follows: \"For a new artist who releases, during the Eligibility Year, the first recording which establishes the public identity of that artist.\" Note that this is not necessarily the first album released by an artist.\nIt is sometimes asserted, with varying degrees of sincerity, that winning the award is a curse, as several award winners were never able to duplicate the success they experienced in their debut year. This viewpoint was expressed by former Starland Vocal Band member Taffy Danoff in a 2002 interview for VH1's 100 Greatest One Hit Wonders: \"We got two of the five Grammys - one was Best New Artist. So that was basically the kiss of death and I feel sorry for everyone who's gotten it since.\"\nThe category is also notable for being the only category in which a Grammy Award was vacated. This occurred in 1990 after it was revealed winners Milli Vanilli did not do their own vocals on their debut album. The award was revoked, but was not handed out to another artist.
/m/05pbd	Oriental Orthodoxy is the faith of those Eastern Christian churches which recognize only the first three ecumenical councils—the First Council of Nicaea, the First Council of Constantinople and the First Council of Ephesus. They rejected the dogmatic definitions of the Council of Chalcedon held in AD 451 in Chalcedon. Hence, these Oriental Orthodox churches are also called Old Oriental churches, Miaphysite churches, or the Non-Chalcedonian churches, known to Western Christianity and much of Eastern Orthodoxy as Monophysite churches. These churches are in full communion with each other but not with the Eastern Orthodox churches. Slow dialogue towards restoring communion began in the mid-20th century.\nDespite the potentially confusing nomenclature, Oriental Orthodox churches are distinct from those that are collectively referred to as the Eastern Orthodox Church. The Oriental Orthodox communion comprises six churches: Coptic, Ethiopian, Eritrean, Syriac, Malankara Syrian and Armenian Apostolic churches. These churches, while being in communion with one another, are hierarchically independent.
/m/02d6cy	Frank Romer Pierson was an American screenwriter and film director.
/m/02qsjt	George \"Buddy\" Guy is an American blues guitarist and singer. He is an exponent of the Chicago blues and has influenced white blues-rock musicians such as, Eric Clapton, Jimmy Page, and Stevie Ray Vaughan. In the 1960s Guy was a member of Muddy Waters' band and was a house guitarist at Chess Records. Guy had a long musical partnership with with harmonica player Junior Wells.\nGuy was ranked 30th in Rolling Stone magazine's list of the \"100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time\", His song \"Stone Crazy\" was ranked 78th in Rolling Stone's list of the 100 Greatest Guitar Songs of All Time.\nGuy's autobiography, When I Left Home: My Story, was released on May 8, 2012.
/m/0fkwzs	Phineas and Ferb is an American animated comedy-musical television series. Originally broadcast as a preview on August 17, 2007, and officially premiered on February 1, 2008 on Disney Channel, the series follows Phineas Flynn and his English stepbrother Ferb Fletcher on summer vacation. Every day, the boys embark on some grand new project, which annoys their controlling sister, Candace, who frequently tries to reveal their shenanigans to the boys' mother, Linda Flynn-Fletcher, and less frequently to their father, Lawrence Fletcher. The series follows a standard plot system; running gags occur every episode, and the B-Plot almost always features Perry the Platypus working as a spy for the OWCA, to fight an evil scientist named Dr. Heinz Doofenshmirtz. However, Dr. Doofenshmirtz, or Doof as he refers to himself, feels the need to assert his evilness. Sometimes, other villains scoff at his level of evil. The two plots intersect at the end to erase all traces of the boys' project just before Candace can show it to their mother. This usually leaves Candace very frustrated.\nCreators Dan Povenmire and Jeff \"Swampy\" Marsh worked together on the Nickelodeon series Rocko's Modern Life. The creators also voice two of the main B-plot characters: Major Monogram and Dr. Doofenshmirtz. Phineas and Ferb was conceived after Povenmire sketched a triangular boy—the blueprint for the eponymous Phineas—in a restaurant. Povenmire and Marsh developed the series concept together and pitched to networks for 16 years before securing a run on Disney Channel.
/m/07yk1xz	\"From director Clint Eastwood, “Invictus” tells the inspiring true story of how Nelson Mandela (Morgan Freeman) joined forces with the captain of South Africa’s rugby team, Francois Pienaar (Matt Damon), to help unite their country. \n\nNewly elected President Mandela knows his nation remains racially and economically divided in the wake of apartheid. Believing he can bring his people together through the universal language of sport, Mandela rallies South Africa’s underdog rugby team as they make an unlikely run to the 1995 World Cup Championship match.\"\nQuoting the synopsis from the official Invictus movie site
/m/0b_c7	Franco Zeffirelli, KBE is an Italian director and producer of films and television. He is also a director and designer of operas and a former senator for the Italian centre-right Forza Italia party.\nHe is principally known for his 1968 version of Romeo and Juliet, for which he was nominated for an Academy Award, although his 1967 version of The Taming of the Shrew remains the best-known film adaptation of that play as well. His miniseries Jesus of Nazareth won acclaim and is still shown on Easter weekend in many countries.\nHe received an honorary knighthood from the British government in 2004 when he was created a Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire.\nHe was awarded the Premio Colosseo in 2009 by the city of Rome.
/m/01sn04	Jamaica is a neighborhood in the New York City borough of Queens. It was settled under Dutch rule in 1656 in New Netherland as Rustdorp. Under British rule, Jamaica became the center of the \"Town of Jamaica\". Jamaica was the county seat of Queens County from the formation of the county in 1683 until March 7, 1788, when the town was reorganized by the state government and the county seat was moved to Mineola. In 1814, Jamaica became the first incorporated village on Long Island. When Queens was incorporated into the City of Greater New York in 1898, both the Town of Jamaica and the Village of Jamaica were dissolved, but the neighborhood of Jamaica regained its role as county seat. The neighborhood is part of Queens Community Board 12, which also includes Hollis, St. Albans, Springfield Gardens, Baisley Park, Rochdale Village, and South Jamaica. Jamaica is patrolled by the NYPD's 103rd, 113th & 105th Precincts.\nPreviously known as one of the predominantly African American neighborhoods in the borough of Queens, Jamaica in recent years has been undergoing a sharp influx of other ethnicities. It has a substantial concentration of West Indian immigrants, Indians, Arabs, as well as many long-established African American families.
/m/09fp45	Kathleen Barr is a Canadian voice actress. She is also the sister of Professor Mark Lyle Barr at Saint Mary's University in Halifax, Nova Scotia.
/m/0b1mf	Salzburg is the fourth-largest city in Austria and the capital of the federal state of Salzburg.\nSalzburg's \"Old Town\" has internationally renowned baroque architecture and one of the best-preserved city centres north of the Alps. It was listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1997. Host to three universities and a large population of students, Salzburg is noted for its attractive setting and scenic Alpine backdrop.\nSalzburg was the birthplace of 18th-century composer Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart. In the mid‑20th century, the city was the setting for parts of the musical play and film \"The Sound of Music\".
/m/019vgs	Timothy Alan Dick known professionally as Tim Allen, is an American comedian, actor, voice-over artist and entertainer, known for his role in the sitcom Home Improvement. He is known for his starring roles in several popular films, including the Toy Story film series, The Santa Clause film series, and Galaxy Quest. Allen currently stars as Mike Baxter in the ABC sitcom Last Man Standing.
/m/0gn_x	The House of Representatives is one of the two houses of the Parliament of Australia. It is referred to as the lower house, with the Senate being referred to as the upper house. The term limit for members of the House of Representatives is a maximum of approximately three years, but may be abridged if an early election is called.\nThe present Parliament is the 44th Federal Parliament of the Federation. The most recent federal election was held on 7 September 2013 and the House first sat on 12 November. The Coalition won 90 seats out of 150 and formed the government. Labor hold 55 seats and form the opposition. The Australian Greens, Palmer United Party and Katter's Australian Party each hold a single seat, while the remaining two are held by independents.
/m/0r2dp	Fullerton is a city located in northern Orange County, California. As of the 2010 census, the city had a total population of 135,161.\nFullerton was founded in 1887. It secured the land on behalf of the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway. Historically it was a center of agriculture, notably groves of Valencia oranges and other citrus crops; petroleum extraction; transportation; and manufacturing. It is home to several higher educational institutions, notably California State University, Fullerton and Fullerton College.
/m/01snm	Cincinnati is the third largest city in Ohio and the 25th largest city in the United States by metropolitan population and the county seat of Hamilton County, Ohio, United States. Settled in 1788, the city is located on the border between Ohio and Kentucky at the confluence of the Ohio River and the Licking River. According to the 2010 census, the population of the metropolitan area was 2,214,954 - the 25th largest Metropolitan Statistical Area in the United States and the largest in Ohio. Residents of Cincinnati are called Cincinnatians.\nIn the early 19th century, Cincinnati was an American boomtown in the heart of the country to rival the larger coastal cities in size and wealth. Because it is the first major American city founded after the American Revolution as well as the first major inland city in the country, Cincinnati is sometimes thought of as the first purely American city. It developed initially without as much European immigration or influence that was taking place at the same time in eastern cities. However, by the end of the 19th century, with the shift from steamboats to railroads, Cincinnati's growth had slowed considerably and the city became surpassed in population by other inland cities, Chicago and St. Louis.
/m/09wwlj	Salvador is the largest city on the northeast coast of Brazil and the capital of the Northeastern Brazilian state of Bahia.\nSalvador is also known as Brazil's capital of happiness due to its countless popular outdoor parties, including its street carnival. The first colonial capital of Brazil, the city is one of the oldest in the Americas. For a long time, it was simply known as Bahia, and appears under that name on many maps and books from before the mid-20th century. Salvador is the third most populous Brazilian city, after São Paulo and Rio de Janeiro. The metropolitan area of the city, with 3.5 million of people, however, is the seventh most populous Brazilian urban agglomeration, and the third in Brazilian Northeast Region.\nThe city of Salvador is notable in Brazil for its cuisine, music and architecture, and its metropolitan area is the wealthiest in Brazil's Northeast. The African influence in many cultural aspects of the city makes it the centre of Afro-Brazilian culture. This reflects a situation in which African-associated cultural practices are celebrated. The historical centre of Salvador, frequently called the Pelourinho, is renowned for its Portuguese colonial architecture with historical monuments dating from the 17th to the 19th centuries and was declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1985.
/m/0k60	Richard David James, best known by his stage name Aphex Twin, is an English electronic musician and composer. He founded the record label Rephlex Records in 1991 with Grant Wilson-Claridge. He has been described by The Guardian as \"the most inventive and influential figure in contemporary electronic music\". His album Selected Ambient Works 85-92 was named as the best album of the '90s by FACT Magazine.\nAphex Twin has also recorded music under the aliases AFX, Blue Calx, Bradley Strider, Caustic Window, Smojphace, GAK, Martin Tressider, Polygon Window, Power-Pill, Q-Chastic, Tahnaiya Russell, The Diceman, The Tuss, and Soit-P.P.\nAphex Twin has released recordings on Rephlex, Warp, R&S, Sire, Mighty Force, Rabbit City, and Men Records.
/m/0dc_v	Astronomy is a natural science that is the study of celestial objects, the physics, chemistry, and evolution of such objects, and phenomena that originate outside the atmosphere of Earth, including supernovae explosions, gamma ray bursts, and cosmic background radiation. A related but distinct subject, cosmology, is concerned with studying the universe as a whole.\nAstronomy is one of the oldest sciences. Prehistoric cultures have left astronomical artifacts such as the Egyptian monuments and Nubian monuments, and early civilizations such as the Babylonians, Greeks, Chinese, Indians, Iranians and Maya performed methodical observations of the night sky. However, the invention of the telescope was required before astronomy was able to develop into a modern science. Historically, astronomy has included disciplines as diverse as astrometry, celestial navigation, observational astronomy, and the making of calendars, but professional astronomy is nowadays often considered to be synonymous with astrophysics.\nDuring the 20th century, the field of professional astronomy split into observational and theoretical branches. Observational astronomy is focused on acquiring data from observations of astronomical objects, which is then analyzed using basic principles of physics. Theoretical astronomy is oriented toward the development of computer or analytical models to describe astronomical objects and phenomena. The two fields complement each other, with theoretical astronomy seeking to explain the observational results and observations being used to confirm theoretical results.
/m/01jcxwp	Suicidal Tendencies (also known as S.T. or simply Suicidal) is an American hardcore punk/thrash metal band. They were formed in Venice, Los Angeles, California, in 1981 by the leader and only permanent member, singer Mike Muir. The band is credited as one of the \"the fathers of crossover thrash\". To date, Suicidal Tendencies have released ten studio albums (one of which is composed of never-before released material and the other is a re-recording of their first album), two compilation albums, four split albums, one VHS, and one EP.\r\n\r\nSuicidal Tendencies rose to fame with their 1983 self-titled debut album, which spawned the single \"Institutionalized\". That single was one of the first hardcore punk videos to receive substantial airplay on MTV. Suicidal Tendencies did not release a follow-up record until 1987, with Join the Army. The album attracted the attention of Epic Records, who signed the band in 1988 and issued their third album, How Will I Laugh Tomorrow When I Can't Even Smile Today, later that year. This was followed by their next two albums, Controlled by Hatred/Feel Like Shit...Déjà Vu and Lights...Camera...Revolution!, which were also successful and both certified Gold by the RIAA. After releasing two more studio albums (The Art of Rebellion and Suicidal for Life), Suicidal Tendencies called it quits in 1995. However, they reunited in 1997 and have continued to perform and record since then.
/m/04cl1	Allen Kelsey Grammer is an American actor, voice actor, comedian, producer, director, writer and singer. Grammer is known for his two-decade portrayal of psychiatrist Dr. Frasier Crane on the NBC sitcoms Cheers and Frasier. He has won five Emmy Awards and three Golden Globes, and has also worked as a television producer, director, writer, and as a voice artist on The Simpsons as Sideshow Bob. Grammer has been married four times and has five children.
/m/018mlg	Holy Cross Cemetery is a Roman Catholic cemetery at 5835 West Slauson Avenue in Culver City, California, United States, operated by the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Los Angeles.\nOpened in 1939, Holy Cross comprises 200 acres. It contains—amongst others—the graves and tombs of showbusiness professionals. Many celebrities are in the sections near \"The Grotto\" in the southwest part of the cemetery; after entering the main gate, turn left and follow the leftmost road up the hill.
/m/030pm0	A legislator is a person who writes and passes laws, especially someone who is a member of a legislature. Legislators are usually politicians and are often elected by the people. Legislatures may be supra-national, national, regional, or local.
/m/0gr07	This name for the Academy Award for Live Action Short Film was introduced in 1974. For the three preceding years it was known as \"Short Subjects, Live Action Films.\" The term \"Short Subjects, Live Action Subjects\" was used from 1957 until 1970. From 1936 until 1956 there were two separate awards, \"Best Short Subject, One-reel\" and \"Best Short Subject, Two-reel\". A third category \"Best Short Subject, color\" was used only for 1936 and 1937. From the initiation of short subject awards for 1932 until 1935 the terms were \"Best Short Subject, comedy\" and \"Best Short Subject, novelty\". Below is a list of Oscar short films. The winning film is listed first, with the other nominated films for that year/category below.
/m/02mz_6	Stephen Chow is a Martial Artist, Hong Kong actor, comedian, screenwriter, film director, producer and political adviser of Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference.
/m/01jfsb	Thriller is a genre of literature, film, and television programming that uses suspense, tension, and excitement as its main elements. Thrillers heavily stimulate the viewer's moods, giving them a high level of anticipation, ultra-heightened expectation, uncertainty, surprise, anxiety and terror. Films of this genre tend to be adrenaline-rushing, gritty, rousing and fast-paced.\nA thriller provides the sudden rush of emotions, excitement, and exhilaration that drive the narrative, sometimes subtly with peaks and lulls, sometimes at a constant, breakneck pace. It keeps the audience on the \"edge of their seats\", akin to a sensation of hanging from a cliff, as the plot builds towards a climax. Literary devices such as red herrings, plot twists, and cliffhangers are used extensively. A thriller is usually a villain-driven plot, whereby he or she presents obstacles that the protagonist must overcome.\nCommon subgenres are psychological thrillers, crime thrillers, erotic thrillers and mystery thrillers. Another common subgenre of thriller is the spy genre which deals with fictional espionage. Successful examples of thrillers are the films of Alfred Hitchcock. The horror and action genres often overlap with the thriller. Thrillers tend to be psychological, threatening, mysterious and at times involve larger-scale villainy such as espionage, terrorism and conspiracy.
/m/0k5p1	Wolverhampton is a city and metropolitan borough in the West Midlands, England. In the 2011 census, the local government district had population of 249,470. Wolverhampton's urban population at the time of the 2001 census was given as 251,462, and was the second largest component of the West Midlands Urban Area which makes it part of the second largest urban area in the United Kingdom. By this reckoning, it is the 12th largest city in England outside London. For Eurostat purposes, Wolverhampton is a NUTS 3 region. People from Wolverhampton are known as \"Wulfrunians\".\nHistorically a part of Staffordshire, and forming part of the metropolitan county of the West Midlands from 1974, the city is commonly recognised as being named after Lady Wulfrun, who founded the town in 985: its name coming from Anglo-Saxon Wulfrūnehēantūn = \"Wulfrūn's high or principal enclosure or farm\". Prior to the Norman Conquest, the area's name appears only as variants of Heantune or Hamtun, the prefix Wulfrun or similar appearing in 1070 and thereafter. Alternatively, the city may have earned its original name from Wulfereēantūn = \"Wulfhere's high or principal enclosure or farm\" after the Mercian King, who tradition tells us established an abbey in 659, though no evidence of an abbey has been found.
/m/01f5q5	Macaulay Carson Culkin is an American actor. He became famous for his role as Kevin McCallister in Home Alone and Home Alone 2: Lost in New York. He is also known for his roles in Richie Rich, Uncle Buck, My Girl, The Pagemaster, Party Monster, and the music video for Michael Jackson's \"Black or White\". At the height of his fame, he was regarded as the most successful child actor since Shirley Temple. Culkin ranked at number two on VH1's list of the \"100 Greatest Kid-Stars\" and E!'s list of the \"50 Greatest Child Stars\".
/m/08wjf4	Joshua Ryan \"Josh\" Hutcherson is an American film and television actor. He began his acting career in the early 2000s, appearing in several minor film and television roles. Growing up as a child-actor, he gained exposure with major roles in the films Little Manhattan and Zathura, the comedy RV, the family adventure film Firehouse Dog, and the film adaptations of Bridge to Terabithia, Journey to the Center of the Earth and Cirque du Freak: The Vampire's Assistant. Along the way, he picked up four Young Artist Award nominations for Best Leading Young Actor, two of which he won. In 2011, Hutcherson landed the leading role of Peeta Mellark in The Hunger Games film series, based on an adaptation of Suzanne Collins' novel series.
/m/0266r6h	Katrina Bowden is an American actress known for playing Cerie on the NBC sitcom 30 Rock.
/m/0l3kx	Will County is a county located in the northern part of the state of Illinois. According to the 2010 census, it had a population of 677,560, which is an increase of 34.9% from 502,266 in 2000, making it one of the fastest growing counties in the United States. The county seat of Will County is Joliet. The portion of Will County around Joliet uses the 815 and 779 area codes, 630 and 331 area code for far northern Will County, and 708 area code for eastern Will County.\nWill County is one of the five collar counties and is part of the Chicago metropolitan area.
/m/0bpgx	A high school is a school that provides children with part or all of their secondary education. It may come after primary school or middle school and be following by higher education or vocational training.
/m/02z3r8t	New York, I Love You is a 2009 American romantic comedy-drama anthology consisting of eleven short films, each by a different director. The short films all relate in some way to the subject of love, and are set among the five boroughs of New York City. The film is a sequel of sorts to the 2006 film Paris, je t'aime, which had the same structure, and is the second film in the Cities of Love franchise, created and produced by Emmanuel Benbihy. Unlike Paris, je t'aime, the short films of New York, I Love You all have a unifying thread, of a videographer who films the other characters.\nThe film stars an ensemble cast, among them Bradley Cooper, Shia LaBeouf, Natalie Portman, Anton Yelchin, Hayden Christensen, Orlando Bloom, Irrfan Khan, Rachel Bilson, Chris Cooper, Andy García, Christina Ricci, John Hurt, Cloris Leachman, Robin Wright Penn, Julie Christie, Maggie Q, Ethan Hawke, James Caan, Shu Qi, and Eli Wallach.\nNew York, I Love You premiered at the 2008 Toronto International Film Festival in September 2008, and was released in the United States on October 16, 2009.
/m/04znsy	Monique Angela Hicks, known professionally as Mo'Nique, is an American comedian and actress. She is best known for her role as Nikki Parker in the UPN series The Parkers while making a name as a stand-up comedian hosting a variety of venues, including Showtime at the Apollo. Mo'Nique transitioned to film with roles in such films as Phat Girlz, and Welcome Home Roscoe Jenkins. In 2009, she received critical praise for her villainous role in the film Precious and won numerous awards including the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress. She hosted The Mo'Nique Show, a late-night talk show that premiered in 2009 on BET; it was cancelled in 2011.
/m/0b_cr	Merced is a city in, and the county seat of, Merced County, California in the San Joaquin Valley of Northern California. As of 2012, the city had a population of 80,793. Incorporated in 1889, Merced is a charter city that operates under a council-manager government. It is named after the Merced River, which flows nearby.\nMerced, known as the \"Gateway to Yosemite,\" is less than two hours by automobile from Yosemite National Park to the east and Monterey Bay, the Pacific Ocean, and several beaches to the west. The community is served by the rail passenger service Amtrak, a major airline through Merced Regional Airport, and three bus lines. It is approximately 110 miles from Sacramento, 130 miles from San Francisco, 45 miles from Fresno, and 270 miles from Los Angeles.\nIn 2005, the city became home to the tenth University of California campus, University of California, Merced, the first research university built in the U.S. in the 21st century.
/m/071fb	The Swahili language or Kiswahili is a Bantu language and the mother tongue of the Swahili people. It is spoken by various communities inhabiting the African Great Lakes region and other parts of Southeast Africa, including Tanzania, Kenya, Uganda, Rwanda, Burundi, Mozambique and the Democratic Republic of Congo. The closely related Comorian language, sometimes considered a Swahili dialect, is spoken in the Comoros Islands.\nAlthough only around five million people speak Swahili as their mother tongue, it is used as a lingua franca in much of Southeast Africa. The total number of Swahili speakers exceeds 140 million. Swahili serves as a national or official language of four nations: Tanzania, Kenya, Uganda and the Democratic Republic of the Congo. It is also one of the official languages of the African Union.\nSome Swahili vocabulary is derived from Arabic through contact with Arabic-speaking Muslim inhabitants of the Swahili Coast. It has also incorporated German, Portuguese, English, Hindi and French words into its vocabulary through contact with empire builders, traders and slavers during the past five centuries.
/m/0102t4	Marshall is a city in and the county seat of Harrison County in the northeastern corner of Texas. Marshall is a major cultural and educational center in East Texas and the tri-state area. As of the 2010 census, the population of Marshall was about 23,523.\nMarshall was a political and production center of the Confederacy during the Civil War and was a major railroad center of the T&P Railroad from the late 19th century until the mid-20th century. The city's large African American population and the presence of black institutions of higher learning made Marshall a center of the civil rights movement in the American South. The city is known for holding one of the largest light festivals in the United States, the Wonderland of Lights, and, as the self-proclaimed Pottery Capital of the World, for its sizable pottery industry.\nMarshall is also referred to by various nicknames; the Cultural Capital of East Texas, the Gateway of Texas, the Athens of Texas, the City of Seven Flags and Center Stage, a branding slogan adopted by the Marshall Convention and Visitors Bureau.
/m/0_g_6	Greensburg is a Laurel Highlands city in Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania, United States, and a part of the Pittsburgh Metro Area. The area lies within the ecoregion of the Western Allegheny Plateau. The city is named after Nathanael Greene, a major general of the Continental Army in the American Revolutionary War. Greensburg is the county seat of Westmoreland County, with a population of 14,892 people residing in the city, and a combined total of around 60,000 people in the 15601 zip code.\nLocated southeast of Pittsburgh, Greensburg is a major business, academic, tourism and cultural center in Western Pennsylvania. It is evident as the city's population doubles during work hours. The city ranks seventh in Pennsylvania in terms of daytime growth, behind Pittsburgh, Philadelphia, Harrisburg, King of Prussia, Lancaster, and State College. It also ranks 16th in the United States for daytime growth among towns with a resident population between 15,000 to 24,999. In 2007, Greensburg was ranked as one of the \"Best Places to Retire\" in Pennsylvania by U.S. News & World Report.
/m/028kj0	Orange County is a 2002 American comedy film starring Colin Hanks and Jack Black. It was released on January 11, 2002. The movie was distributed by Paramount Pictures and produced by MTV Films and Scott Rudin. The movie was directed by Jake Kasdan and written by Mike White.
/m/078g3l	John Heard, Jr. is an American actor known for his recurring role as Peter McCallister, in the first two installments of the Home Alone movie series.\nHe starred or was featured in films including Cutter's Way, Chilly Scenes of Winter, Cat People, The Milagro Beanfield War, The Pelican Brief, and Big, and the TV-movie Sharknado.
/m/076psv	Walter M. Scott was an Academy Award-winning set decorator who worked on films such as The Sound of Music and Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid.\nScott enjoyed a spectacular career in Hollywood, working on over 280 films. He won six Academy Awards for set decoration, and was nominated for an additional fifteen.\nHe started off working in B-movies in 1939, and by 1945 he had graduated to higher profile projects such as The Dolly Sisters.\nHis first Academy Award nomination came in 1950 for Joseph L. Mankiewicz's drama All About Eve.\nScott's six Academy Awards were for the elaborate reconstruction of Ancient Rome in both The Robe and the big-budget Cleopatra, for his equally elaborate recreation of the Siamese royal household for The King and I in 1956, for a much starker portrayal of the tiny cramped spaces occupied by a Dutch Jewish family in wartime Holland in The Diary of Anne Frank, for the futuristic settings of Fantastic Voyage in 1966, and for a rich tapestry of turn-of-the-century colour in Hello, Dolly! in 1969.\nHis last film was Ace Eli and Rodger of the Skies in 1973.
/m/04flrx	Jan de Bont is a Dutch cinematographer, producer, and film director.
/m/02z3zp	Garry Emmanuel Shandling is an American comedian, actor and writer. He is best known for his work in It's Garry Shandling's Show and The Larry Sanders Show.\nShandling began his career writing for sitcoms such as Sanford and Son and Welcome Back, Kotter. He made a successful stand-up performance on The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson and became a frequent guest-host on the show. Shandling was for a time considered the leading contender to replace Carson. In 1986 he created It's Garry Shandling's Show, for the pay cable channel Showtime. It was nominated for four Emmy Awards and lasted until 1990. His second show, The Larry Sanders Show, which began airing on HBO in 1992, was even more successful. Shandling was nominated for 18 Emmy Awards for the show and won in 1998, along with Peter Tolan, for writing the series finale.\nDuring his three-decade career, Shandling has been nominated for 19 Primetime Emmy Awards, two Golden Globe Awards, along with many other awards and nominations.
/m/014kkm	The Bad and the Beautiful is a 1952 MGM melodramatic film that tells the story of a film producer who alienates all around him. It stars Lana Turner, Kirk Douglas, Walter Pidgeon, Dick Powell, Barry Sullivan, Gloria Grahame and Gilbert Roland. The film was directed by Vincente Minnelli and written by George Bradshaw and Charles Schnee.\nThe Bad and the Beautiful holds the record for most Oscars won by a movie -- five -- that was not nominated for Best Picture. It was screened within the official program of Venice Film Festival.\nIn 2002, the United States Library of Congress deemed the film \"culturally significant\" and selected it for preservation in the National Film Registry. The song, \"The Bad and the Beautiful\", penned by David Raksin, has since become a jazz standard.
/m/03cw411	The Reader is a 2008 German-American romantic drama film based on the 1995 German novel of the same name by Bernhard Schlink. The film was written by David Hare and directed by Stephen Daldry. Ralph Fiennes and Kate Winslet star along with the young actor David Kross. It was the last film for producers Anthony Minghella and Sydney Pollack, both of whom had died before it was released. Production began in Germany in September 2007, and the film opened in limited release on December 10, 2008.\nIt tells the story of Michael Berg, a German lawyer who as a mid-teenager in 1958 had an affair with an older woman, Hanna Schmitz, who then disappeared only to resurface years later as one of the defendants in a war crimes trial stemming from her actions as a guard at a Nazi concentration camp. Michael realizes that Hanna is keeping a personal secret she believes is worse than her Nazi past – a secret which, if revealed, could help her at the trial.\nWinslet and Kross, who plays the young Michael, received much praise for their performances; Winslet won a number of awards for her role, including the Academy Award for Best Actress. The film itself was nominated for several other major awards, including the Academy Award for Best Picture.
/m/0gr0m	The Academy Award for Best Cinematography is an Academy Award awarded each year to a cinematographer for work in one particular motion picture.
/m/0382m4	Michael Carlyle Hall is an American actor, known for his role as Dexter Morgan in the Showtime TV Network Dexter, and as David Fisher on the HBO drama series Six Feet Under. In 2010, Hall won a Golden Globe Award and a Screen Actors Guild Award for his role in Dexter.
/m/0dm00	A sketch comedy comprises a series of short comedy scenes or vignettes, called \"sketches\", commonly between one and ten minutes long. Such sketches are performed by a group of comic actors or comedians, either on stage or through an audio and/or visual medium such as broadcasting. Often sketches are first improvised by the actors and written down based on the outcome of these improv sessions; however, improvisation is not necessarily involved in all sketch comedy.\nAn individual sketch or vignette is a brief scene or skit formerly used in vaudeville and used today on variety shows, comedy programs, adult entertainment, talk shows, or certain children's television series. Such a sketch can include footage of a \"man on the street\", pioneered by American television personality Steve Allen on evening comedy television programs like The Tonight Show.\nMore serious sketch comedians differentiate their art from that of the skit, maintaining that skits tend to be a dramatized joke, while a sketch is a comedic exploration of a concept, character, or situation.
/m/0lgsq	Melissa Lou Etheridge is an American rock singer-songwriter, guitarist, and activist.\nEtheridge is known for her mixture of confessional lyrics, pop-based folk-rock, and raspy, smoky vocals. She has also been an iconic gay and lesbian activist since her public coming out in January 1993.
/m/01s21dg	John Clayton Mayer is an American recording artist, producer, and environmentalist. Born in Bridgeport, Connecticut, and raised in Fairfield, he attended Berklee College of Music in Boston. He moved to Atlanta in 1997, where he refined his skills and gained a following, and he now lives in Montana. His first two studio albums, Room for Squares and Heavier Things, did well commercially, achieving multi-platinum status. In 2003, he won a Grammy Award for Best Male Pop Vocal Performance for \"Your Body Is a Wonderland.\"\nMayer began his career performing mainly acoustic rock, but gradually began a transition towards the blues genre in 2005 by collaborating with renowned blues artists such as B. B. King, Buddy Guy, and Eric Clapton, and by forming the John Mayer Trio. The blues influence can be heard throughout his 2005 live album Try! with the John Mayer Trio and his third studio album Continuum, released in September 2006. At the 49th Annual Grammy Awards in 2007, Mayer won Best Pop Vocal Album for Continuum and Best Male Pop Vocal Performance for \"Waiting on the World to Change\". He released his fourth studio album, Battle Studies, in November 2009. His fifth album, Born and Raised, which saw another musical style shift, was released in May 2012, followed by his sixth album Paradise Valley in August 2013. He has sold over ten million albums in the U.S. and over 20 million albums worldwide.
/m/016zgj	Alternative country, insurgent country, or Americana is a loosely defined sub-genre of country music, which includes acts that differ significantly in style from mainstream or pop country music. It has been used to describe country music bands and artists that have incorporated influences ranging from roots rock, bluegrass, rockabilly, honky-tonk, alternative rock, folk rock, and sometimes punk.\nAttempts to combine punk and country were pioneered by Jason and the Scorchers, and in the 1980s Southern Californian cowpunk scene with bands like the Long Ryders. These styles merged fully in Uncle Tupelo's 1990 LP No Depression, which is widely credited as being the first \"alt-country\" album, and gave its name to the online notice board and eventually magazine that underpinned the movement. Members and figures associated with Uncle Tupelo formed three major bands in the genre: Wilco, Son Volt and Bottle Rockets. Other influential bands included Blue Mountain, Whiskeytown, Blood Oranges and Drive-By Truckers, until they began to move more in the direction of rock music in the 2000s.
/m/0d0xs5	Stephen Woolley is an English film producer and director. He is best known for his work with director Neil Jordan, which has resulted in a number of critically acclaimed films, including the Oscar-winning The Crying Game.\nAfter programming The Screen On The Green cinema in Islington, north London, and managing The Scala Cinema near King's Cross railway station, Woolley established Palace Video in the early 1980s to distribute the types of cult cinema and international art films that had been the core of his cinema programmes. An early success was the distribution of David Lynch's films. The company then moved into cinema distribution, becoming Palace Pictures; and then film production in 1984, with many projects being supported by Channel 4. His successes as a producer include The Company of Wolves, Mona Lisa, and The Crying Game, and Interview with the Vampire, all directed by Neil Jordan. He also helped establish the directors Michael Caton-Jones and Richard Stanley. Woolley established an association with Miramax, which distributed a number of Palace films in the United States.\nWoolley had established his reputation with a series of low budget but high production value releases, but began developing more ambitious projects. In 1992, Palace Pictures became bankrupt. Since then, Woolley has concentrated on producing Jordan's films in association with Hollywood studios. By securing a three picture deal with Warner Brothers after the worldwide box office hit of Interview with the Vampire, Woolley was able to fund the controversial historical drama Michael Collins. His own directorial debut, the 2005 film Stoned, was a biopic of Brian Jones.
/m/0275kr	The daily Good Morning America highlight clip. Brought to you by ABCNews.com.
/m/04p5cr	House is an American television medical drama that originally ran on the Fox network for eight seasons, from November 16, 2004 to May 21, 2012. The show's main character is Dr. Gregory House, a drug-addicted, unconventional, misanthropic medical genius who leads a team of diagnosticians at the fictional Princeton–Plainsboro Teaching Hospital in New Jersey. The show′s premise originated with Paul Attanasio, while David Shore, who is credited as creator, was primarily responsible for the conception of the title character. The show′s executive producers include Shore, Attanasio, Attanasio′s business partner Katie Jacobs, and film director Bryan Singer. It was filmed largely in Century City.\nHouse often clashes with his fellow physicians, including his own diagnostic team, because many of his hypotheses about patients' illnesses are based on subtle or controversial insights. His flouting of hospital rules and procedures frequently leads him into conflict with his boss, hospital administrator and Dean of Medicine Dr. Lisa Cuddy. House's only true friend is Dr. James Wilson, head of the Department of Oncology. During the first three seasons, House's diagnostic team consists of Dr. Robert Chase, Dr. Allison Cameron, and Dr. Eric Foreman. At the end of the third season, this team disbands. Rejoined by Foreman, House gradually selects three new team members: Dr. Remy \"Thirteen\" Hadley, Dr. Chris Taub, and Dr. Lawrence Kutner. Kutner makes his final appearance late in season five. Chase and Cameron continue to appear in different roles at the hospital until early in season six. Cameron then departs the hospital, and Chase returns to the diagnostic team. Thirteen takes a leave of absence for most of season seven, and her position is filled by medical student Martha M. Masters. Cuddy and Masters depart before season eight; Foreman becomes the new dean of medicine, while Dr. Jessica Adams and Dr. Chi Park join House's team.
/m/06m6z6	David Owen Russell is an American film director, screenwriter, and producer. His early directing career consisted of moderately successful films including Spanking the Monkey, Flirting with Disaster, Three Kings, and I Heart Huckabees.\nRussell's three most recent films were critically acclaimed and commercial hits: The Fighter, Silver Linings Playbook, and American Hustle. These films have earned Russell three consecutive Academy Award nominations for Best Director.
/m/0193qj	The Empire of Japan was a nation state that existed from the Meiji Restoration in 1868 to Japan's defeat and surrender in 1945.\nImperial Japan's rapid industrialization and militarization under the slogan Fukoku Kyōhei led to its emergence as a world power, eventually culminating in its membership in the Axis alliance and the conquest of a large part of the Asia-Pacific region. At the height of its power in 1942, the Empire of Japan ruled over a land area spanning 7,400,000 square kilometres, making it one of the largest maritime empires in history.\nAfter several large-scale military successes during the Second Sino-Japanese War and the Pacific War, the Empire of Japan also gained notoriety for its war crimes against the peoples of the countries it conquered. After suffering many defeats and the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, however, the Empire of Japan surrendered to the Allies on September 2, 1945. A period of occupation by the Allies followed the surrender, and a new constitution was created with American involvement. The constitution came into force on May 3, 1947, officially dissolving the Empire. American occupation and Japanese reconstruction of the country continued well into the 1950s, eventually forming the current nation-state whose full title is the \"State of Japan\" simply rendered \"Japan\" in English.
/m/025s0zp	Manganese is a chemical element, designated by the symbol Mn. It has the atomic number 25. It is found as a free element in nature, and in many minerals. Manganese is a metal with important industrial metal alloy uses, particularly in stainless steels.\nHistorically, manganese is named for various black minerals from the same region of Magnesia in Greece which gave names to similar-sounding magnesium, Mg, and magnetite, an ore of the element iron, Fe. By the mid-18th century, Swedish chemist Carl Wilhelm Scheele had used pyrolusite to produce chlorine. Scheele and others were aware that pyrolusite contained a new element, but they were not able to isolate it. Johan Gottlieb Gahn was the first to isolate an impure sample of manganese metal in 1774, by reducing the dioxide with carbon.\nManganese phosphating is used as a treatment for rust and corrosion prevention on steel. Depending on their oxidation state, manganese ions have various colors and are used industrially as pigments. The permanganates of alkali and alkaline earth metals are powerful oxidizers. Manganese dioxide is used as the cathode material in zinc-carbon and alkaline batteries.
/m/0713r	The San Francisco Giants are a Major League Baseball team based in San Francisco, California that plays in the National League West Division. Originally known as the New York Giants, the team moved to San Francisco in 1958.\nAs one of the longest-established professional baseball teams, the franchise has won the most games of any team in the history of American baseball, and any North American professional sports team. They have won 22 National League pennants and appeared in 19 World Series competitions – both records in the National League. The Giants' 7 World Series Championships rank second in the National League. The Giants have played in the World Series 19 times but boycotted the event in 1904.\nThe Giants have the most Hall of Fame players in all of professional baseball. The Giants' rivalry with the Dodgers is one of the longest-standing and biggest rivalries in American baseball. The teams began their rivalry as the New York Giants and Brooklyn Dodgers, respectively, before moving west for the 1958 season.\nThe Giants played at the Polo Grounds in Manhattan, New York, until the close of the 1957 season, after which they moved west to California to become the San Francisco Giants. As the New York Giants, they won 14 pennants and 5 World Championships behind managers such as John McGraw and Bill Terry and players like Christy Mathewson, Carl Hubbell, Mel Ott, Bobby Thomson, and Willie Mays. The Giants have won five pennants and two World Series championships since arriving in San Francisco.
/m/01sn3	Cleveland is a city in the U.S. state of Ohio and is the county seat of Cuyahoga County, the most populous county in the state. The city is located in northeastern Ohio on the southern shore of Lake Erie, approximately 60 miles west of the Pennsylvania border. It was founded in 1796 near the mouth of the Cuyahoga River, and became a manufacturing center owing to its location on the lake shore, as well as being connected to numerous canals and railroad lines. Cleveland's economy has diversified sectors that include manufacturing, financial services, healthcare, and biomedical. Cleveland is home to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.\nAs of the 2010 Census, the city proper had a total population of 396,815, making Cleveland the 45th largest city in the United States, and the second largest city in Ohio after Columbus. Greater Cleveland, the Cleveland-Elyria-Mentor Metropolitan Statistical Area, ranked 28th largest in the United States with 2,068,283 people in 2011. Cleveland is part of the larger Cleveland-Akron-Canton Combined Statistical Area, which in 2012 had a population of 3,497,711, and ranked as the country's 15th largest CSA.\nResidents of Cleveland are called \"Clevelanders\". Nicknames for the city include \"The Forest City\", \"Metropolis of the Western Reserve\", \"The Rock and Roll Capital of the World\", \"C-Town\", \"The Cleve\", and the more historical \"Sixth City\". Due to Lake Erie’s proximity to the city, the Cleveland area is sometimes locally referred to as \"The North Coast\".
/m/042zrm	Friday Night Lights is a 2004 sports drama film, directed by Peter Berg, which documents the coach and players of a high school football team and the Texas city of Odessa that supports and is obsessed with them. The book on which it was based, Friday Night Lights: A Town, a Team, and a Dream, was authored by H. G. Bissinger and follows the story of the 1988 Permian High School Panthers football team as they made a run towards the state championship. A television series of the same name premiered on October 3, 2006 on NBC. The film won the Best Sports Movie ESPY Award and is ranked number 37 on Entertainment Weekly's list of the Best High School Movies.
/m/01ddbl	The American Hockey League is a 30-team professional ice hockey league based in the United States and Canada that serves as the primary developmental circuit for the National Hockey League. Since the 2010–11 season, every team in the league had an affiliation agreement with an NHL team; in the past, one or two NHL teams would not have an AHL affiliate and so assigned players to AHL teams affiliated with other NHL teams. Twenty-six AHL teams are located in the United States and the remaining four are in Canada. The league offices are located in Springfield, Massachusetts, and its current president is David Andrews.\nThe annual playoff champion is awarded the Calder Cup, named for Frank Calder, the first President of the NHL. The current champions are the Grand Rapids Griffins.
/m/03y317	One Tree Hill is an American television drama created by Mark Schwahn, which premiered on September 23, 2003 on The WB. After the series' third season, The WB merged with UPN to form The CW, and since September 27, 2006, the network has been the official broadcaster of the series in the United States. The show is set in the fictional town of Tree Hill in North Carolina and originally follows the lives of two half-brothers, Lucas Scott and Nathan Scott, who compete for positions on their school's basketball team. Their relationship evolves from heartless enemies to caring brothers as the show progresses, and the drama that ensues from the brothers' romances with female characters and from the basketball atmosphere are significant elements within the series.\nMost of the filming took place in and around Wilmington, North Carolina. Many of the scenes were shot near the battleship USS North Carolina and on the University of North Carolina Wilmington campus. The first four seasons of the show focus on the main characters' lives through their high school years. With the beginning of the fifth season, Schwahn advanced the timeline by four years to show their lives after college, and he made it jump a further fourteen months from the end of the sixth to the start of the seventh season. The opening credits were originally accompanied by the song \"I Don't Want to Be\" by Gavin DeGraw. The theme was removed from the opening in the fifth season; Schwahn said that this was to lower production costs, to add more time for the storyline, and because he felt that the song was more representative of the core characters' adolescent past than their present maturity. The credits then consisted only of the title written on a black background. The theme was restored for season 8, in response to audience demand, and was sung by different artists each week.
/m/0d_84	Val Edward Kilmer is an American actor. Originally a stage actor, Kilmer became popular in the mid-1980s after a string of appearances in comedy films, starting with Top Secret!, then the cult classic Real Genius, as well as the blockbuster action films Top Gun and Willow.\nHis film roles include Jim Morrison in Oliver Stone's The Doors, Doc Holliday in Tombstone, Chris Shiherilis in Michael Mann's Heat and Bruce Wayne/Batman in Joel Schumacher's Batman Forever.
/m/05fx6	No wave was an underground music, super 8 film, performance art, video art, and contemporary art scene that had its beginnings during the late 1970s through the mid-1980s in downtown New York City when the city was a wasteland of cheap rent and cheap drugs. The term \"no wave\" is in part a punk subculture satirical wordplay rejecting commercial elements in general, that was based in the specific rejection of the then-popular new wave genre. No wave music was a reaction against new wave acts, like Talking Heads, signing with record labels, and the use of Chuck Berry guitar riffs commonly used by new wave music groups in the late 1970s. The term became used in downtown New York City concurrent with the 1981 show, \"New York/New Wave\" that had been curated by the artist/curator Diego Cortez. The movement would last a relatively short time but profoundly influence the development of independent film, fashion and visual art.
/m/01wt4wc	Joey Jordison, is an American musician, songwriter, and record producer best known for his work as the former drummer and co-songwriter for the heavy metal band Slipknot. Jordison played in Slipknot since their formation in 1995 until his departure from the band in December of 2013. He grew up in Waukee, Iowa with his parents and two sisters, and was given his first drum kit at the age of 8. He performed in several bands until joining in the summer of 1995 the group The Pale Ones, which would later change their name to Slipknot. Of Slipknot's nine-member lineup which lasted from 1999-2010, Joey was the third to join the band.\nWith Slipknot, Jordison has performed on four studio albums, and produced the live album 9.0: Live. He was also the lead guitarist for the horror punk band Murderdolls. Outside the majority of his projects, Jordison has performed with other heavy metal groups such as Rob Zombie, Metallica, Korn, Ministry, Otep and Satyricon. He is currently working on a side project called Scar the Martyr. Jordison is also known for his session work which includes performances on many albums for many different artists. Jordison uses several drum brands including Pearl and ddrum.
/m/02b18l	Southend United Football Club is an English football club founded 19 May 1906 in the Blue Boar puband has been a member of the Football League since 1920. The club has spent most of its League career in the lower divisions, with only seven seasons in the League's second tier.\nThe club is based at Roots Hall Stadium|, Prittlewell, Southend-on-Sea, Essex, who play in Football League Two. Their home ground is Roots Hall, but the club plans to move to a new stadium at Fossetts Farm. Southend F.C. are known as \"The Shrimpers\", a reference to the area's maritime industry included as one of the quarterings on the club badge.
/m/018w0j	The Gulf War, codenamed Operation Desert Storm was a war waged by coalition forces from 34 nations led by the United States against Iraq in response to Iraq's invasion and annexation of Kuwait.\nThe war is also known under other names, such as the Persian Gulf War, First Gulf War, Gulf War I, Kuwait War, or the First Iraq War, before the term \"Iraq War\" became identified instead with the 2003 Iraq War. Kuwait's invasion by Iraqi troops that began 2 August 1990 was met with international condemnation, and brought immediate economic sanctions against Iraq by members of the U.N. Security Council. U.S. President George H. W. Bush deployed U.S. forces into Saudi Arabia, and urged other countries to send their own forces to the scene. An array of nations joined the Coalition, the biggest coalition since World War II. The great majority of the Coalition's military forces were from the U.S., with Saudi Arabia, the United Kingdom and Egypt as leading contributors, in that order. Saudi Arabia paid around US$36 billion of the US$60 billion cost.\nThe war was marked by the beginning of live news on the front lines of the fight, with the primacy of the U.S. network CNN. The war has also earned the nickname Video Game War after the daily broadcast images on board the U.S. bombers during Operation Desert Storm.
/m/02hsgn	Walter Stacy Keach, Jr. is an American actor and narrator. He is mostly known for his dramatic roles; however, he has done narration work in educational programming on PBS and the Discovery Channel, as well as some comedy and musical roles. He is also known for portraying fictional detective Mike Hammer in a recurring series of television movies and series.
/m/0gmgwnv	Lincoln is a 2012 American epic historical drama film directed by Steven Spielberg, starring Daniel Day-Lewis as United States President Abraham Lincoln and Sally Field as Mary Todd Lincoln. The screenplay by Tony Kushner was based in part on Doris Kearns Goodwin's biography Team of Rivals: The Political Genius of Abraham Lincoln, and covers the final four months of Lincoln's life, focusing on the President's efforts in January 1865 to have the Thirteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution passed by the United States House of Representatives.\nThe film was produced by Spielberg and his frequent collaborator Kathleen Kennedy. Filming began October 17, 2011, and ended on December 19, 2011. Lincoln premiered on October 8, 2012 at the New York Film Festival. The film was co-produced by DreamWorks Pictures and Participant Media and released theatrically on November 9, 2012, in select cities and widely released on November 16, 2012, in the United States through Disney's Touchstone Pictures distribution label. The film was released on January 25, 2013, in the United Kingdom, with distribution in international territories, including the U.K., by 20th Century Fox.\nLincoln received widespread critical acclaim, with major praise directed to Day-Lewis' performance. In December 2012, the film was nominated for seven Golden Globe Awards including Best Motion Picture – Drama, Best Director for Spielberg and winning Best Actor for Day-Lewis. At the 85th Academy Awards, the film was nominated for twelve Academy Awards including Best Picture; it won for Best Production Design and Best Actor for Day-Lewis. The film was also a commercial success, having grossed more than $275 million at the box office.
/m/03yj_0n	Franklin Shea Whigham, Jr., known professionally as Shea Whigham, is an American actor. He currently portrays Elias \"Eli\" Thompson on the HBO drama series Boardwalk Empire.
/m/0grrq8	Robert Greenhut is an American film producer.\nBorn in New York City, Greenhut studied music at the University of Miami. He began his film career as a production assistant on Arthur Hiller's 1967 comedy The Tiger Makes Out. During the next seven years, he worked in various production capacities, rising through the ranks to become a production manager, assistant director, and associate producer. Greenhut served in that last capacity on The Front, a 1976 Hollywood blacklist drama starring Woody Allen. It was the first of many collaborations with the writer/director. Greenhut served as the executive producer and production manager of Annie Hall and went on to produce or executive produce every Allen-directed film through the period musical comedy Everyone Says I Love You in 1996.\nGreenhut also has worked extensively with Mike Nichols on Heartburn, Working Girl, Postcards from the Edge, Regarding Henry, and Wolf. His additional credits include Miloš Forman's Hair, Arthur, Martin Scorsese's The King of Comedy, and Penny Marshall's Big, A League of Their Own and Renaissance Man.\nGreenhut received a 1989 Crystal Apple Award from the NYC Mayor's Film Office for his contribution to the city's film industry. That same year, he was honored with the Eastman Kodak Award for lifetime achievement.
/m/0136g9	Richard Curtis is a screenwriter and film producer.
/m/0mqs0	McLennan County is a county located on the Edwards Plateau in Central Texas. As of the 2010 census, its population was 234,906. Its seat is Waco. The county is named for Neil McLennan, an early settler.\nThe Waco Metropolitan Statistical Area includes all of McLennan County.
/m/018pj3	Emily Robison is an American songwriter, singer, multi-instrumentalist, and a founding member of the female country band the Dixie Chicks. Robison plays banjo, dobro, guitar, bass, mandolin, accordion, and sitar. Initially in her career with the Dixie Chicks, she limited her singing to harmony with backing vocals, but within her role in the Court Yard Hounds, she has taken on the role of lead vocalist.
/m/0byq6h	Stade Brestois 29 is a French football club based in Brest. The club was founded in 1903 under the name Armoricaine de Brest and adopted its current name in 1950. Brest currently plays in Ligue 2, the second division in French football. The club plays its home matches at the Stade Francis le Blé, a stadium with a capacity of 15,097.
/m/01pm0_	William West Anderson, better known by his stage name Adam West, is an American actor, who in his six decades of television is best known for his lead role in the Batman TV series on the ABC TV network and the 1966 Batman feature film. He is currently known for portraying eccentric or psychotically delusional characters, as well as his voice work on animated series such as The Fairly OddParents and Family Guy, in both of which he voices fictional versions of himself.
/m/0fq117k	Thomas Earl \"Tom\" Petty is an American musician, singer, songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, and record producer. He is best known as the lead vocalist of Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers, but is also known as a member and co-founder of the late 1980s supergroup the Traveling Wilburys and Mudcrutch. He has also performed under the pseudonyms of Charlie T. Wilbury, Jr. and Muddy Wilbury.\nHe has recorded a number of hit singles with the Heartbreakers and as a solo artist, many of which remain heavily played on adult contemporary and classic rock radio. His music has been classified as Rock and Roll, Heartland Rock and even Stoner Rock. His music, and notably his hits, have become popular among younger generations as he continues to host sold-out shows. Throughout his career, Petty has sold more than 80 million records worldwide, making him one of the best-selling artists of all time. In 2002, he was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
/m/0gkvb7	This is a list of winners of the Primetime Emmy Award for Individual Performance In A Variety Or Music Program. Awards in this category from 1974 through 1978 were presented for Outstanding Supporting Actor or Actress in A Variety Show or Special. This award was retired in 2009 beginning with the 61st Annual Emmy Awards.
/m/02jm0n	Jonathan M. \"Jon\" Lovitz is an American comedian, actor and singer. He is best known as a cast member of the NBC sketch comedy show Saturday Night Live from 1985 to 1990.
/m/0l2jt	Mendocino County is a county located on the north coast of the U.S. state of California, north of the greater San Francisco Bay Area and west of the Central Valley. As of the 2010 census, the population was 87,841, up from 86,265 at the 2000 census. The county seat is Ukiah.\nThe county is noted for its distinctive Pacific Ocean coastline, Redwood forests, wine production, microbrews, and liberal views about the use of cannabis and support for its legalization. It is estimated that roughly one-third of the economy is based on the cultivation of marijuana.\nThe notable historic and recreational attraction of the \"Skunk Train\" connects Fort Bragg with Willits in Mendocino County via a steam-locomotive engine, along with other vehicles.
/m/03h2d4	Mark Strong is an English film and television actor. He is best known for his roles in films such as RocknRolla, Body of Lies, Syriana, The Young Victoria, Sherlock Holmes, Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy, Kick-Ass, Green Lantern, Zero Dark Thirty, Robin Hood, and John Carter. He often portrays villains or antagonists.
/m/05y7hc	Craig Armstrong, OBE is a Scottish composer of modern orchestral music, electronica and film scores. He graduated from the Royal Academy of Music in 1981, and has since written music for the Royal Shakespeare Company, the Royal Scottish National Orchestra and the London Sinfonietta.\nArmstrong's score for William Shakespeare’s Romeo + Juliet earned him a BAFTA for Achievement in Film Music and an Ivor Novello. His composition for Baz Luhrmann’s musical Moulin Rouge! earned him the 2001 American Film Institute’s composer of the Year award, a Golden Globe Award for Best Original Score and a BAFTA. Armstrong was awarded a Grammy Award for Best Original Score in 2004 for the biopic Ray. His other feature film scoring credits include Love Actually, Oliver Stone's World Trade Center, Elizabeth: The Golden Age and The Incredible Hulk.
/m/0gxbl	Bendigo is a major regional city in the state of Victoria, Australia, located very close to the geographical centre of the state and approximately 150 kilometres north west of the state capital, Melbourne. Bendigo has an urban population of 82,794 making it the fourth largest inland city in Australia and fourth most populous city in the state. It is the administrative centre for the City of Greater Bendigo which encompasses both the urban area and outlying towns spanning an area of approximately 3,000 square kilometres and over 100,000 people.\nThe discovery of gold in the soils of Bendigo during the 1850s made it one of the most significant Victorian era boomtowns in Australia. It is also notable for its Victorian architectural and heritage. The city took its name from the Bendigo Creek and its residents from the earliest days of the goldrush have been called \"Bendigonians\".\nBendigo is the largest finance centre in Victoria outside of Melbourne as home to Australia's only provincially headquartered retail bank, the Bendigo Bank, and the Bendigo Stock Exchange.\nGold was first discovered in 1851 at Golden Square on Bendigo Creek and the Bendigo Valley was found to be a rich alluvial field where gold could easily be extracted. News of the finds intensified the Victorian gold rush bringing an influx of migrants to the city from around the world within a year and transforming it from a sheep station to a major settlement in the newly proclaimed Colony of Victoria. Once the alluvial gold had been mined out, mining companies were formed to exploit the rich underground quartz reef gold. Since 1851 about 25 million ounces of gold have been extracted from Bendigo's goldmines, making it the highest producing goldfield in Australia in the 19th century and the largest gold mining economy in eastern Australia.
/m/08m4c8	Justin Chambers is an American actor and former fashion model, best known for his role as Dr. Alex Karev in the ABC medical drama series Grey's Anatomy.
/m/0f63n	Greene County is a county located in the U.S. state of New York. Its name is in honor of the American Revolutionary War general Nathanael Greene. As of the 2010 census, the population was 49,221. Its county seat is Catskill. It is part of the Albany-Schenectady-Troy Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/0969fd	Edward Wadie Said was a professor of English and Comparative Literature at Columbia University, a literary theorist, and a public intellectual who was a founding figure of the critical-theory field of Post-colonialism. Born a Palestinian Arab in the city of Jerusalem in Mandatory Palestine, he was an American citizen through his father. Said was an advocate for the political and the human rights of the Palestinian people and has been described by the journalist Robert Fisk as their most powerful voice.\nAs a cultural critic, academic, and writer, Said is best known for the book Orientalism, an analysis of the cultural representations that are the bases of Orientalism, a term he redefined to mean the Western study of Eastern cultures and, in general, the framework of how The West perceives and represents The East. He contended that Orientalist scholarship was, and remains, inextricably tied to the imperialist societies that produced it, which makes much of the work inherently political, servile to power, and therefore intellectually suspect. Orientalism is based upon Said's knowledge of colonial literature, literary theory, and post-structuralist theory. Orientalism, and his other thematically related works, proved influential in the fields of the humanities, especially in literary theory and in literary criticism. Orientalism proved especially influential upon the field of Middle Eastern studies, wherein it transformed the academic discourse of the field's practitioners, of how they examine, describe, and define the cultures of the Middle East. As a critic, he vigorously discussed and debated the cultural subjects comprised by Orientalism, especially as applied to and in the fields of history and area studies; nonetheless, some mainstream academics disagreed with Said's Orientalism thesis, most notably the Anglo-American Orientalist Bernard Lewis.
/m/08jfkw	Austin Pendleton is an American film, television, and stage actor, a playwright, and a theatre director and instructor.
/m/01csrl	Agnes Robertson Moorehead was an American actress whose career of more than three decades included work in radio, stage, film, and television. She is chiefly known for her role as Endora on the television series Bewitched.\nWhile rarely playing leads in films, Moorehead's skill at character development and range earned her one Primetime Emmy Award and two Golden Globe awards in addition to four Academy Award and six Emmy Award nominations. Moorehead's transition to television won acclaim for drama and comedy. She could play many different types, but often portrayed haughty, arrogant characters.
/m/04z0g	Milton Friedman was an American economist, statistician, and writer who taught at the University of Chicago for more than three decades. He was a recipient of the 1976 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences, and is known for his research on consumption analysis, monetary history and theory, and the complexity of stabilization policy. As a leader of the Chicago school of economics, he profoundly influenced the research agenda of the economics profession. A survey of economists ranked Friedman as the second most popular economist of the twentieth century after John Maynard Keynes, and The Economist described him as \"the most influential economist of the second half of the 20th century...possibly of all of it.\"\nFriedman's challenges to what he later called \"naive Keynesian\" theory began with his 1950s reinterpretation of the consumption function, and he became the main advocate opposing activist Keynesian government policies. In the late 1960s he described his own approach as using \"Keynesian language and apparatus\" yet rejecting its \"initial\" conclusions. During the 1960s he promoted an alternative macroeconomic policy known as \"monetarism\". He theorized there existed a \"natural\" rate of unemployment, and argued that governments could increase employment above this rate only at the risk of causing inflation to accelerate. He argued that the Phillips curve was not stable and predicted what would come to be known as stagflation. Though opposed to the existence of the Federal Reserve, Friedman argued that, given that it does exist, a steady, small expansion of the money supply was the only wise policy.
/m/0swbd	The 1998 Winter Olympics, officially the XVIII Olympic Winter Games, was a winter multi-sport event celebrated from 7-22 February 1998 in Nagano, Japan.\n72 nations and 2,176 participants contested in 7 sports and 68 events at 15 venues. The Games saw the introduction of women's ice hockey, curling and snowboarding. National Hockey League players were allowed to participate in the men's ice hockey.\nThe host was selected on June 15, 1991 over Salt Lake City, Östersund, Jaca and Aosta. They were the third Olympic Games and second winter Olympics to be held in Japan, after the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo and the 1972 Winter Olympics in Sapporo. The games were succeeded by the 1998 Winter Paralympics from 5 to 14 March.\nBjørn Dæhlie won 3 gold medals in cross-country skiing, making him the Winter Olympic competitor with the most wins ever. Alpine skier Hermann Maier survived a fall in the downhill and went on to win gold in the super-G and giant slalom. Netherlands won 5 of the 10 speed skating events, including 2 each by Gianni Romme and Marianne Timmer. Canada beat Denmark in the women's curling final, securing the latter their first Winter Olympic medal ever.
/m/07nxnw	Beowulf is a 2007 American motion capture computer-animated fantasy film directed by Robert Zemeckis and written by Neil Gaiman and Roger Avary, inspired by the Old English epic poem of the same name. The film was created through a motion capture process similar to the technique Zemeckis used in The Polar Express. The cast includes Ray Winstone, Anthony Hopkins, Robin Wright Penn, Brendan Gleeson, John Malkovich, Crispin Glover, Alison Lohman, and Angelina Jolie. It was released in the United Kingdom and United States on November 16, 2007, and was available to view in IMAX 3D, RealD, Dolby 3D and standard 2D format.
/m/0fgpvf	Girl with a Pearl Earring is a 2003 drama film directed by Peter Webber. The screenplay was adapted by screenwriter Olivia Hetreed based on the novel of the same name by Tracy Chevalier. The film stars Scarlett Johansson, Colin Firth, Tom Wilkinson, and Cillian Murphy. The film is named after a painting of the same name by the Dutch painter Johannes Vermeer. The film uses distinctive lighting and color schemes similar to Vermeer's paintings.
/m/030hbp	Mary-Louise Parker is an American actress. Best known for her lead role on Showtime's television series Weeds portraying Nancy Botwin, she received the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in 2006. Parker has appeared in films and series such as RED, RED 2, Fried Green Tomatoes, Boys on the Side, The West Wing, and Angels in America, for which she received a Golden Globe and an Emmy Award for Best Supporting Actress. Parker is also the recipient of the 2001 Tony Award for Best Actress for the Broadway play Proof.
/m/04g5k	Latvia officially the Republic of Latvia, is a country in the Baltic region of Northern Europe. It is bordered by Estonia, Lithuania, Russia, Belarus and by a maritime border to the west with Sweden. Latvia has 2,008,700 inhabitants and a territory of 64,589 km². The country has a temperate seasonal climate.\nLatvia is a democratic parliamentary republic established in 1918. The capital city is Riga, the European Capital of Culture 2014. Latvian is the official language. Latvia is a unitary state, divided into 118 administrative divisions of which 109 are municipalities and 9 are cities. There are five planning regions: Kurzeme, Latgale, Riga, Vidzeme and Zemgale.\nThe Latvians are Baltic people, culturally related to the Lithuanians. Latvians and Livs are the indigenous people of Latvia. Latvian is an Indo-European language; it and Lithuanian are the only two surviving Baltic languages. Despite foreign rule from the 13th to the 20th centuries, the Latvian nation maintained its identity throughout the generations via the language and musical traditions. Latvia and Estonia share a long common history. As a consequence of the Soviet occupation both countries are home to a large number of ethnic Russians of whom some are non-citizens. Latvia is historically predominantly Protestant Lutheran, except for the Latgale region in the southeast, which has historically been predominantly Roman Catholic.
/m/044mrh	Daniel Dae Kim is an American actor, born in South Korea. He is best known for his roles as Jin-Soo Kwon in Lost, Chin Ho Kelly in Hawaii Five-0, and Johnny Gat in the Saints Row series of video games.
/m/01vv7sc	Richard Melville Hall, known by his stage name Moby, is an American singer-songwriter, musician, DJ and photographer. He is well known for his electronic music, vegan lifestyle, and support of animal rights. Moby has sold over 20 million albums worldwide. Allmusic considers him \"one of the most important dance music figures of the early '90s, helping bring the music to a mainstream audience both in the UK and in America\".\nMoby gained attention in the early 1990s with his electronic dance music work, which experimented in the techno and breakbeat hardcore genres. With his fifth studio album, the electronica and house-influenced Play, he gained international success. Originally released in mid-1999, the album sold 6,000 copies in its first week, and it re-entered the charts in early 2000 and became an unexpected hit, producing eight singles and selling over 10 million copies worldwide. Moby followed the album in 2002 with 18, which was also successful, selling over 5 million copies worldwide and receiving mostly positive reviews, though some criticized it for being too similar to Play.\nHis next major release, 2005's mostly upbeat Hotel was a stylistic departure, incorporating more alternative rock elements than previous albums, and received mixed reviews. It sold around 2 million copies worldwide. After 2008's dance-influenced Last Night, he returned to the downtempo electronica of Play and 18 with 2009's mostly-ambient Wait for Me, finding higher critical acclaim and moderate sales, as well as 2011's Destroyed. Moby's latest album, Innocents, was released on October 1, 2013.
/m/0ds2n	Independence Day is a 1996 American military science fiction disaster film about an alien invasion of Earth. The film stars Will Smith, Jeff Goldblum, Bill Pullman, Margaret Colin, Vivica A. Fox, Mary McDonnell, Judd Hirsch, Robert Loggia, Randy Quaid, James Rebhorn, and Harry Connick, Jr. The narrative focuses on a disparate group of people who converge in the Nevada desert and, along with the rest of the human population, participate in a last-chance counterattack on July 4, the same date as the Independence Day holiday in the United States. It was directed by German director Roland Emmerich, who co-wrote the script with producer Dean Devlin.\nWhile promoting Stargate in Europe, Emmerich came up with the idea for the film when fielding a question about his own belief in the existence of alien life. He and Devlin decided to incorporate a large-scale attack when noticing that aliens in most invasion films travel long distances in outer space only to remain hidden when reaching Earth. Principal photography for the film began in July 1995 in New York City, and the film was officially completed on June 20, 1996.\nThe film was scheduled for release on July 3, 1996, but due to its high level of anticipation, many theaters began showing it on the evening of July 2, 1996, the same day the story of the film begins. The film's combined domestic and international box office gross is $816,969,268, which, at the time, was the second-highest worldwide gross of all time. It is currently the 42nd highest-grossing film of all time and was at the forefront of the large-scale disaster film and science fiction resurgences of the mid-to-late-1990s. It won the Academy Award for Best Visual Effects, and was also nominated for Best Sound Mixing.
/m/03c_8t	Christophe Beck, also credited as Chris Beck, is a Canadian television and film score composer.
/m/03mg35	Frank A. Langella, Jr. is an American stage and film actor. He has won three Tony Awards, two for Best Leading Actor in a Play for his performance as Richard Nixon in the play Frost/Nixon and for the role of Leslie in Edward Albee's Seascape. Additionally, Langella has won two Obie Awards and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role in the film production of Frost/Nixon.
/m/01m59	Communism is a classless, moneyless, and stateless social order structured upon common ownership of the means of production, as well as a social, political and economic ideology and movement that aims at the establishment of this social order. The movement to develop communism, in its Marxist–Leninist interpretations, significantly influenced the history of the 20th century, which saw intense rivalry between the Communist states in the Socialist world and the most developed capitalist states of the Western world.\nAccording to Marxist theory, higher-phase communism is a specific stage of historical development that inevitably emerges from the development of the productive forces that leads to abundant access to final goods, allowing for distribution based on need and social relations based on free association. Marxist theory holds that the lower-phase of communism, colloquially referred to as socialism, being the new society established after the overthrow of capitalism, is a transitional stage in human social evolution and will give rise to a fully communist society, in which remuneration and the division of labor are no longer present. Leninism adds to Marxism the organizational principle of the vanguard party to lead the proletarian revolution and to secure all political power after the revolution for the working class, for the development of universal class consciousness and worker participation, in the transitional stage between capitalism and communism.
/m/06ybb1	Rhinestone is a 1984 musical comedy film directed by Bob Clark with a screenplay by Sylvester Stallone and Phil Alden Robinson; the film stars Stallone and Dolly Parton.
/m/0g78xc	The Electorate of Saxony, sometimes referred to as Upper Saxony, was a State of the Holy Roman Empire. It was established when Emperor Charles IV raised the Ascanian duchy of Saxe-Wittenberg to the status of an Electorate by the Golden Bull of 1356. Upon the extinction of the House of Ascania, it was enfeoffed to the Margraves of Meissen from the Wettin dynasty in 1423, who moved the residence up the Elbe river to Dresden. After the Empire's dissolution in 1806, the Wettin electors raised Saxony to a kingdom.
/m/043tvp3	Terminator Salvation is a 2009 American science fiction action film directed by McG and starring Christian Bale and Sam Worthington. It is the fourth installment in the Terminator series. In a departure from the previous installments, which were set between 1984 and 2004 and used time travel as a key plot element, Salvation is set in 2018 and focuses on the war between Skynet and humanity, with the human Resistance fighting against Skynet's killing machines. Bale portrays John Connor, a Resistance fighter and the franchise's central character, while Worthington portrays cyborg Marcus Wright. Terminator Salvation also features Anton Yelchin as a young Kyle Reese, a character first introduced in The Terminator, and depicts the origin of the T-800 Model 101 Terminator.\nAfter a troubled pre-production, with The Halcyon Company acquiring the rights for the franchise from Andrew G. Vajna and Mario Kassar and several writers working on the screenplay, filming began in May 2008 in New Mexico and ran for 77 days. Terminator Salvation was released on May 21, 2009 in the United States and Canada, followed by early June releases in the United Kingdom, Australia, New Zealand, and South Africa. Warner Bros. handled the North America release and Columbia Pictures the international one. The film grossed over $371 million worldwide, but received negative reviews which criticized the story and the absence of Arnold Schwarzenegger, who was replaced by a digital computer graphics version.
/m/02b185	Scunthorpe United Football Club is an English association football club based in the town of Scunthorpe, North Lincolnshire. It currently plays in Football League Two, the fourth tier of the English football league system.\nThe team is nicknamed The Iron, and has played in a home strip of claret and blue for most of its history. It plays its home games at Glanford Park, having moved from the Old Show Ground in 1988. Grimsby Town, Hull City, Doncaster Rovers and Lincoln City are its main rivals, although none of these clubs currently play in Scunthorpe's division. It is currently the only league club located in Lincolnshire.\nThe club was formed in 1899, turned professional in 1912 and joined the Football League in 1950. It achieved promotion to Division Two in 1958, where it stayed until 1964, but has spent most of its time as a Football League club in the basement tier. The club has had more success recently, however: it was promoted from Football League Two in 2005, and has spent three of the last five seasons in the Football League Championship. The Iron were relegated to Football League One in 2011, having finished bottom of the Championship.\nIn recent years, the club has developed a reputation for developing promising young strikers, having sold Billy Sharp, Martin Paterson and Gary Hooper on for seven-figure sums. The club was also considered one of the most financially prudent in English football, being one of only three in the top four divisions to be debt-free. This status has recently changed after it was announced that a £2 million loan from the outgoing chairman Steve Wharton was on the accounts to help the club maintain some sense of financial stability.
/m/03__y	Jordan, officially the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan, is an Arab kingdom in Western Asia, on the East Bank of the Jordan River, and extending into the historic region of Palestine. Jordan borders Saudi Arabia to the south and east, Iraq to the north-east, Syria to the north, and Palestine, the Dead Sea and Israel to the west.\nThe kingdom emerged from the post-World War I division of West Asia by Britain and France. In 1946, Jordan became an independent sovereign state officially known as the Hashemite Kingdom of Transjordan. After capturing the West Bank during the 1948 Arab–Israeli War, Abdullah I took the title King of Jordan and Palestine. The name of the state was changed to The Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan on 1 December 1948.\nAlthough Jordan is a constitutional monarchy, the king holds wide executive and legislative powers. Jordan is classified as a country of \"medium human development\" by the 2011 Human Development Report, and an emerging market with the third freest economy in West Asia and North Africa. Jordan has an \"upper middle income\" economy. Jordan has enjoyed \"advanced status\" with the European Union since December 2010, and it is a member of the Euro-Mediterranean free trade area. It is also a founding member of the Arab League and the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation.
/m/0n8_m93	The 85th Academy Awards ceremony, presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, honored the best films of 2012 and took place February 24, 2013, at the Dolby Theatre in Hollywood, Los Angeles beginning at 5:30 p.m. PST / 8:30 p.m. EST. During the ceremony, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences presented Academy Awards in 24 categories. The ceremony, televised in the United States by ABC, was produced by Craig Zadan and Neil Meron and directed by Don Mischer. Actor Seth MacFarlane hosted the show for the first time.\nIn related events, the Academy held its 4th annual Governors Awards ceremony at the Grand Ballroom of the Hollywood and Highland Center on December 1, 2012. On February 9, 2013, in a ceremony at The Beverly Hills Hotel in Beverly Hills, California, the Academy Awards for Technical Achievement were presented by hosts Chris Pine and Zoe Saldana.\nLife of Pi won four awards including Best Director for Ang Lee. Argo won three awards, including Best Picture, the fourth film to win an Academy Award for Best Picture without its director nominated. Other winners included Les Misérables also with three awards, Django Unchained, Lincoln and Skyfall with two, and Amour, Anna Karenina, Brave, Curfew, Inocente, Paperman, Searching for Sugar Man, Silver Linings Playbook, and Zero Dark Thirty with one. The telecast garnered about 40 million viewers in the United States.
/m/0bgv8y	In American and Canadian football, a kick returner is the player on special teams who is primarily responsible to catch kickoffs and attempts to return them in the opposite direction. If the ball is kicked into his own endzone, he must assess the situation on the field while the ball is in the air and determine if it would be beneficial to his team for a return. If he decides that it is not, he can make a touchback by kneeling down in the end zone after catching the ball, which gives his team the ball at their own 20-yard line to start the drive.\nHe is usually one of the faster players on the team, often a wide receiver, defensive back, or running back. While starters on offense or defense sometimes assume this role, it is usually given to backup in order to prevent them from spending more time on the field and taking extra hits.\nA kick returner might also double as a punt returner as well.\nSometimes players who make big plays at the punt or kick returner positions become well known \"return specialist\" players.
/m/07z5n	Vanuatu, officially the Republic of Vanuatu, is an island nation located in the South Pacific Ocean. The archipelago, which is of volcanic origin, is some 1,750 kilometres east of northern Australia, 500 kilometres northeast of New Caledonia, west of Fiji, and southeast of the Solomon Islands, near New Guinea.\nVanuatu was first inhabited by Melanesian people. The first Europeans to visit the islands were a Spanish expedition led by Portuguese navigator Fernandes de Queirós, who arrived in Espiritu Santo in 1605; he claimed the archipelago for Spain and named it Espiritu Santo. In the 1880s France and the United Kingdom claimed parts of the country, and in 1906 they agreed on a framework for jointly managing the archipelago as the New Hebrides through a British–French Condominium. An independence movement arose in the 1970s, and the Republic of Vanuatu was founded in 1980.\nThe nation's name was derived from the word vanua, which occurs in several Austronesian languages, and the word tu. Together the two words indicated the independent status of the new country.
/m/079dy	Saddam Hussein Abd al-Majid al-Tikriti was the fifth President of Iraq, serving in this capacity from 16 July 1979 until 9 April 2003. A leading member of the revolutionary Arab Socialist Ba'ath Party, and later, the Baghdad-based Ba'ath Party and its regional organisation Ba'ath Party – Iraq Region—which espoused ba'athism, a mix of Arab nationalism and Arab socialism—Saddam played a key role in the 1968 coup that brought the party to power in Iraq.\nAs vice president under the ailing General Ahmed Hassan al-Bakr, and at a time when many groups were considered capable of overthrowing the government, Saddam created security forces through which he tightly controlled conflict between the government and the armed forces. In the early 1970s, Saddam nationalized oil and other industries. The state-owned banks were put under his control, leaving the system eventually insolvent mostly due to the Iran–Iraq War, the Gulf War, and UN sanctions. Through the 1970s, Saddam cemented his authority over the apparatuses of government as oil money helped Iraq's economy to grow at a rapid pace. Positions of power in the country were mostly filled with Sunnis, a minority that made up only a fifth of the population.
/m/02b1gz	Chester City Football Club was an English football team from Chester which played in a variety of leagues between 1885 and 2010. The club, which was founded as Chester F.C., joined the Football League in 1931. Over the next eight decades, the club spent most of its time competing in the lower divisions. Its original ground was Sealand Road.\nIn 1983, the club was renamed Chester City. The club moved to the Deva Stadium in 1992 after its original stadium was sold to developers. Although for two years the club was obliged to play home games at Macclesfield Town's Moss Rose. Chester won the Conference National, their only league title, in 2004.\nThe club was served a winding-up order by HM Revenue & Customs in January 2010. There had been repeated financial problems during the 2009–10 Conference season, forcing many fixtures to be affected. Although the club was put up for sale, it was suspended from the Conference National for breaches of rules, and expelled in February 2010, all league results for the season being expunged. After Chester unsuccessfully tried to join the Welsh Premier League, the club was formally wound up in March 2010.\nWith the official winding up of Chester City, supporters immediately began forming a new club. Chester F.C. was officially established in May 2010.
/m/02wvfxl	The Boston College Eagles football team represents Boston College in the sport of American football. The Eagles compete in the Football Bowl Subdivision of the National Collegiate Athletic Association and the Atlantic Division of the Atlantic Coast Conference. Begun in 1892, Boston College's football team was one of six \"Major College\" football programs in New England as designated by NCAA classifications, starting in 1938. By 1981, and for the remainder of the twentieth century, BC was New England's sole Division I-A program. It has amassed a 624–444–37 record and is 99–54–0 since the turn of the 21st century.\nSteve Addazio was named the team's head coach on December 4, 2012, replacing Frank Spaziani. Boston College is one of only two Catholic universities that field a team in the Football Bowl Subdivision, the other being Notre Dame. The Eagles' home games are played at Alumni Stadium on the Boston College campus in Chestnut Hill, Massachusetts. In addition to success on the gridiron, Boston College football teams are consistently ranked among the nation's best for academic achievement and graduation. In 2005, 2006 and 2007, the football team's Academic Progress Rate was the highest of any school that finished the season ranked in the AP or ESPN/USA Today Coaches' polls.
/m/04g51	Literature is a term that does not have a universally accepted definition, but which has variably included all written work; writing that possesses literary merit; and language that foregrounds literariness, as opposed to ordinary language. Etymologically the term derives from Latin literatura/litteratura \"writing formed with letters\", although some definitions include spoken or sung texts. Literature can be classified according to whether it is fiction or non-fiction, and whether it is poetry or prose; it can be further distinguished according to major forms such as the novel, short story or drama; and works are often categorised according to historical periods, or according to their adherence to certain aesthetic features or expectations.\nLiterature may consist of texts based on factual information, a category that may also include polemical works, biographies, and reflective essays, or it may consist of texts based on imagination. Literature written in poetry emphasizes the aesthetic and rhythmic qualities of language—such as sound, symbolism, and metre—to evoke meanings in addition to, or in place of, ordinary meanings, while literature written in prose applies ordinary grammatical structure and the natural flow of speech. Literature can also be classified according to historical periods, genres, and political influences. While the concept of genre has broadened over the centuries, in general, a genre consists of artistic works that fall within a certain central theme; examples of genre include romance, mystery, crime, fantasy, erotica, and adventure, among others.
/m/099bhp	The club is snowed in, while the staff tries to get Donald into the Christmas spirit.
/m/043sct5	The Good, the Bad, the Weird is a 2008 South Korean Western film, directed by Kim Ji-woon, starring Song Kang-ho, Lee Byung-hun, and Jung Woo-sung. It was inspired by Sergio Leone's The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.\nThe film premiered at the 2008 Cannes Film Festival and was released on a limited basis in the U.S. on April 23, 2010.
/m/0121c1	West Sussex is a county in the south of England, bordering East Sussex, Hampshire and Surrey. With its origins in the kingdom of Sussex, the later county of Sussex was traditionally divided into six units known as rapes. By the 16th century, the three western rapes were grouped together informally, having their own separate Quarter Sessions; they were administered by a separate county council from 1888. In 1974, West Sussex was made a single ceremonial county with the coming into force of the Local Government Act 1972. At the same time a large part of the eastern rape of Lewes was transferred into West Sussex.\nWest Sussex has a wide range of scenery, including Wealden, Downland and coastal. It has a number of stately homes including Goodwood, Petworth House and Uppark and also castles such as Arundel Castle and Bramber Castle. Over half the county is protected countryside, offering walking, cycling and other recreational opportunities for visitors and residents alike.\nChichester is the county town and only city in West Sussex, with the largest towns being Crawley, Worthing and Horsham.The highest point of the county is Black Down, at 280 metres.
/m/03qmj9	Loudon Snowden Wainwright III is a Grammy Award-winning American songwriter, folk singer, humorist, and actor. He is the father of musicians Rufus Wainwright, Martha Wainwright and Lucy Wainwright Roche, brother of Sloan Wainwright, and the former husband of the late folk singer Kate McGarrigle.\nTo date, Wainwright has released 22 studio albums. Reflecting upon his career, in 1999, Wainwright stated \"you could characterize the catalog as somewhat checkered, although I prefer to think of it as a tapestry.\"
/m/02w7fs	The Grammy Award for Best Latin Pop Album is an award presented at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards, to recording artists for releasing albums in the latin pop genre. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position\".\nThroughout its history, this award has had several minor name changes:\nFrom 1984 to 1991 the award was known as Best Latin Pop Performance\nFrom 1992 to 1994 it was awarded as Best Latin Pop Album\nFrom 1995 to 2000 it returned to the title Best Latin Pop Performance\nSince 2001 it has again been awarded as Best Latin Pop Album\nThe award was not presented in 2012 due to a major overhaul of Grammy categories. That year recordings in this category were shifted to the newly formed Best Latin Pop, Rock or Urban Album. However in June 2012, the Board of Trustees announced that it will be bringing back the category for the 55th Grammy Awards with the following description: \"for albums containing at least 51 percent playing time of new vocal or instrumental Latin pop recordings\".
/m/02cnqk	The Indo-Pakistani War of 1971 was the direct military conflict between India and Pakistan during the Bangladesh Liberation War. Indian, Bangladeshi and international sources consider the beginning of the war to have been Operation Chengiz Khan, when Pakistan launched pre-emptive air strikes on 11 Indian airbases on 3 December 1971, leading to India's entry into the war of independence in East Pakistan on the side of Bangladeshi nationalist forces, and the commencement of hostilities with West Pakistan. Lasting just 13 days, it is considered to be one of the shortest wars in history.\nDuring the course of the war, Indian and Pakistani forces clashed on the eastern and western fronts. The war effectively came to an end after the Eastern Command of the Pakistani Armed Forces signed the Instrument of Surrender, on 16 December 1971 in Dhaka, marking the liberation of the new nation of Bangladesh. East Pakistan had officially seceded from Pakistan on 26 March 1971. Between 90,000 and 93,000 members of the Pakistan Armed Forces including paramilitary personnel were taken as Prisoners of War by the Indian Army. It is estimated that between 2,000,000 and 3,000,000 civilians were killed in Bangladesh, and up to four hundred thousand women raped by the Pakistani armed forces, especially Bengali Hindus. As a result of the conflict, a further eight to ten million people fled the country at the time to seek refuge in neighbouring India.
/m/02b0zt	Hartlepool United Football Club is an association football club based in Hartlepool, England. The club will play in League Two, the fourth tier in the English football league system, since being relegated in the 2012–13 season. Hartlepool play their home games at Victoria Park, which is situated on the town's Clarence Road. The club was founded in 1908 as Hartlepools United Football Athletic Company. Until 2007 their main local rivals were Darlington F.C., but that club entered into administration in 2012, and the local rival is now considered to be York City F.C..\nHartlepool is known for its association with Brian Clough who began his managerial career at the club in 1965 and is widely considered to be one of the greatest English football managers of all time. Under Cyril Knowles' management the club won promotion to the Third Division in 1990. Hartlepool's greatest moment occurred in 2005 when they narrowly missed promotion to The Championship.\nThe club has received media attention in recent years when the team mascot \"H'Angus the Monkey\" was elected mayor during the 2002 Hartlepool Council election. The club receives vocal support from Jeff Stelling, the presenter of Sky Sports' Soccer Saturday.
/m/0gqz2	The Academy Award for Best Original Song is one of the awards given annually to people working in the motion picture industry by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. It is presented to the songwriters who have composed the best original song written specifically for a film. The performers of a song are not credited with the Academy Award unless they contributed either to music, lyrics or both in their own right.\nThe award category was introduced at the 7th Academy Awards, the ceremony honoring the best in film for 1934. Nominations are made by Academy members who are songwriters and composers, and the winners are chosen by the Academy membership as a whole.
/m/0g9fm	Chatham is one of the Medway towns located within the Medway unitary authority, in North Kent, in South East England.\nAlthough the dockyard has long been closed and is now being redeveloped into a business and residential community as well as a museum featuring the famous submarine, HMS Ocelot, major naval buildings remain as the focus for a flourishing tourist industry. Chatham also has military connections; several Army barracks were located here, together with 19th-century forts which provided a defensive shield for the dockyard. Brompton Barracks, located in the town, remains the headquarters of the Corps of Royal Engineers.\nThe town has important road links and the railway and bus stations are the main interchanges for the area. It is the administrative headquarters of Medway unitary authority, as well as its principal shopping centre.
/m/037mp6	The Turkey national football team represents Turkey in association football and is controlled by the Turkish Football Federation, the governing body for football in Turkey. They are affiliated with UEFA.\nTurkey has qualified three times for the World Cup finals, in 1950, 1954, and 2002, although they withdrew from the 1950 event. Turkey has also qualified three times for the UEFA European Championship, in 1996, 2000 and 2008. They have reached the semi-finals of three major tournaments: the 2002 World Cup, the 2003 Confederations Cup, and Euro 2008.
/m/02wvfxz	The Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football team represents the Georgia Institute of Technology in the sport of American football. The Yellow Jackets team, also known as the \"Ramblin' Wreck\", and historically as the \"Engineers\", competes in the Football Bowl Subdivision of the National Collegiate Athletic Association and the Coastal Division of the Atlantic Coast Conference. The Georgia Institute of Technology has fielded a football team since 1892 and has an all-time record of 664–447–43. The Yellow Jackets play in Bobby Dodd Stadium at Historic Grant Field in Atlanta, Georgia, which has a capacity of 55,000. The Yellow Jackets have won four Division I-A college football national championships and fifteen conference titles.\nA number of successful collegiate and professional football players once played for Tech. The school has 48 first-team All-Americans and over 150 alumni who have played in the NFL. Among the most lauded and most notable players the school has produced are Keith Brooking, Joe Hamilton, Joe Guyon, Billy Shaw, Calvin Johnson and Demaryius Thomas. In addition to its players, Tech's football program has been noted for its coaches and its, in many cases bizarre traditions and game finishes. Among the team's former coaches are John Heisman, for whom the Heisman trophy is named, and Bobby Dodd, for whom the Bobby Dodd Coach of the Year Award and the school's stadium are named. Heisman led the team to the highest-scoring game in American football history, and both Heisman and Dodd led Tech's football team to national championships. Dodd also led the Jackets on their longest winning streak against the University of Georgia, Tech's most time-endured rival.
/m/04qb6g	CBC Television is a Canadian broadcast television network that is owned by the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation, the national English-language public broadcaster. The network began operations on September 6, 1952.\nHeadquartered in Toronto, CBC Television is available through over-the-air television stations across Canada, many of which are owned by the CBC. Almost all of the CBC's programming is of Canadian origin. Although CBC Television is supported by public funding, commercial advertising revenue supplements the network, in contrast to CBC Radio and public broadcasters from several other countries, which are commercial-free.
/m/024y8p	The University of North Carolina at Charlotte, also known as UNC Charlotte, UNCC, or Charlotte, is a public research university located in Charlotte, North Carolina, United States. UNC Charlotte offers 20 doctoral, 63 master's, and 90 bachelor's degree programs through 9 colleges: the College of Arts + Architecture, the College of Liberal Arts & Sciences, the Belk College of Business, the College of Computing and Informatics, the College of Education, the William States Lee College of Engineering, the College of Health and Human Services, the Honors College, and the University College.\nUNC Charlotte has three campuses: Charlotte Research Institute Campus, Center City Campus, and the main campus, located in University City. The main campus sits on 1,000 wooded acres with approximately 75 buildings about 10 miles from Uptown Charlotte.\nThe university is the largest institution of higher education in the Charlotte region, which is the second largest banking center in the United States.
/m/03zbws	The Trinidad and Tobago national football team, nicknamed The Soca Warriors is the national team of Trinidad and Tobago and is run by the Trinidad and Tobago Football Association and competes in CONCACAF. The team is ranked 77th in the world according to the FIFA World Rankings, and 103rd in the World Football Elo Ratings. The team reached the first round of the 2006 FIFA World Cup Finals and currently holds the record of being the smallest nation to ever qualify for a World Cup.\nThe separate Trinidad and Tobago national football teams are not related to the national team and are not directly affiliated with the game's governing bodies of FIFA or CONCACAF, but are affiliated with the Trinidad and Tobago Football Federation.
/m/0nt4s	Marion County is a county located in the U.S. state of Indiana. Census 2010 recorded a population of 903,393, making it the largest county in the state and 55th most populated county in the country, greater than the population of six states. The county seat is Indianapolis, the state capital and largest city. Marion County is consolidated with Indianapolis through an arrangement known as Unigov.\nMarion County is included in the Indianapolis-Carmel-Anderson, IN Metropolitan Statistical Area
/m/01rmnp	Maaya Sakamoto is a Japanese singer-songwriter, actress, and voice actress who made her debut as a voice actress in 1992 as the voice of Chifuru in Little Twins, but is better known as voice of Hitomi Kanzaki in The Vision of Escaflowne. She released her debut single Yakusoku wa Iranai, in collaboration with Yoko Kanno under Victor Entertainment on April 24, 1996.\nShe is among the more popular voice actresses who have also branched into singing, performing songs in both English and Japanese. As well as being a prolific voice actress, she has also had several successful releases; despite initially only modestly selling, her singles Tune the Rainbow, Loop, Ame ga Furu, and Triangler have all reached the top 10 Oricon singles chart: Triangler in particular charted at #3 and remained charting for 26 weeks. Her albums have had similar success, with Shōnen Alice and Yūnagi Loop both reaching the top 10 Oricon albums chart; and her album You Can't Catch Me, released on January 12, 2011, became her first release to ever reach #1. She held a concert at the Nippon Budokan on March 31, 2010, her thirtieth birthday. She is also considered to be the official Japanese voice dub-over artist for Natalie Portman.
/m/04lgybj	The 40th Canadian Parliament was in session from November 18, 2008 to March 26, 2011, and was the last Parliament of the longest-running minority government in Canadian history that began with the previous Parliament. The membership of its House of Commons was determined by the results of the 2008 federal election held on October 14, 2008. Its first session was then prorogued by the Governor General on December 4, 2008, at the request of Prime Minister Stephen Harper, who was facing a likely no-confidence motion and a coalition agreement between the Liberal party and the New Democratic Party with the support of the Bloc Québécois. Of the 308 MPs elected at the October 14, 2008 general election, 64 were new to Parliament and three sat in Parliaments previous to the 39th: John Duncan, Jack Harris, and Roger Pomerleau.\nThere were three sessions of the 40th Parliament.\nOn March 25, 2011, the House of Commons passed a Liberal motion of non-confidence by a vote of 156 to 145, finding the Conservative Cabinet in contempt of parliament, an unprecedented finding in Canadian and Commonwealth parliamentary history. On March 26, 2011, Prime Minister Stephen Harper subsequently asked Governor General David Johnston to dissolve parliament and issue a writ of election.
/m/076xkps	Priest is a 2011 American post-apocalyptic dystopia science fiction action horror film starring Paul Bettany as the title character. The film, directed by Scott Stewart, is loosely based on the Korean comic of the same name. In an alternate world, humanity and vampires have warred for centuries. After the last Vampire War, a veteran Warrior Priest lives in obscurity with other humans inside one of the Church's walled cities. When the Priest's niece is kidnapped by vampires, the Priest breaks his vows to hunt them down. He is accompanied by the niece's boyfriend Hicks, who is a wasteland sheriff, and a former Warrior Priestess.\nThe film first entered development in 2005, when Screen Gems bought the spec script by Cory Goodman. In 2006 Andrew Douglas was attached to direct and Gerard Butler was attached to star. They were eventually replaced by Stewart and Bettany in 2009 and filming started in Los Angeles, California, later in the year. The film changed release dates numerous times throughout 2010 and 2011. It was especially pushed back from 2010 to 2011 to convert the film from 2D to 3D. It was released in the United States and Canada on May 13, 2011.
/m/02_l9	Freemasonry is a fraternal organisation that traces its origins to the local fraternities of stonemasons, which from the end of the fourteenth century regulated the qualifications of masons and their interaction with authorities and clients. The degrees of freemasonry, its gradal system, retain the three grades of medieval craft guilds, those of Apprentice, journeyman or fellow, and Master Mason. These are the degrees offered by craft, or blue lodge Freemasonry. There are additional degrees, which vary with locality and jurisdiction, and are now administered by different bodies than the craft degrees.\nThe basic, local organisational unit of Freemasonry is the lodge. The lodges are usually supervised and governed at the regional level by a Grand Lodge or Grand Orient. There is no international, world-wide Grand Lodge that supervises all of Freemasonry. Each Grand Lodge is independent, and they do not necessarily recognise each other as being legitimate.
/m/09wc5	Shiraz, is the fifth most populous city of Iran and the capital of Fars Province. In 2009 the population of the city was 1,455,073. Shiraz is located in the southwest of Iran on the Roodkhaneye Khoshk seasonal river. It has a moderate climate and has been a regional trade center for over a thousand years. It is regarded as one of the oldest cities of ancient Persia.\nThe earliest reference to the city, as Tiraziš, is on Elamite clay tablets dated to 2000 BC. In the 13th century, Shiraz became a leading center of the arts and letters, due to the encouragement of its ruler and the presence of many Persian scholars and artists. It was the capital of the Persia during the Zand dynasty from 1750 until 1781, as well as briefly during the Saffarid period. Two famous poets of Iran, Hafez and Saadi, are from Shiraz.\nShiraz is known as the city of poets, literature, wine and flowers. It is also considered by many Iranians to be the city of gardens, due to the many gardens and fruit trees that can be seen in the city. Shiraz has had major Jewish and Christian communities. The crafts of Shiraz consist of inlaid mosaic work of triangular design; silver-ware; pile carpet-weaving and weaving of kilim, called gilim and jajim in the villages and among the tribes. In Shiraz industries such as cement production, sugar, fertilizers, textile products, wood products, metalwork and rugs dominate. Shirāz also has a major oil refinery and is also a major center for Iran's electronic industries: 53% of Iran's electronic investment has been centered in Shiraz. Shiraz is home to Iran's first solar power plant. Recently the city's first wind turbine has been installed above Babakoohi mountain near the city.
/m/01gbzb	St. Catharines is the largest city in Canada's Niagara Region and the sixth largest urban area in Ontario, with 96.11 square kilometres of land. It lies in Southern Ontario, 51 kilometres south of Toronto across Lake Ontario, and is 19 kilometres inland from the international boundary with the United States along the Niagara River. It is the northern entrance of the Welland Canal. Residents of St. Catharines are known as St. Cathariners.\nSt. Catharines carries the official nickname \"The Garden City\" due to its 1,000 acres of parks, gardens and trails.\nSt. Catharines is situated in an area for commerce and trade since it is located between the Greater Toronto Area and the Fort Erie - US Border. Manufacturing is the city's dominant industry, as noted by the heraldic motto, \"Industry and Liberality\". General Motors of Canada, Ltd., the Canadian subsidiary of General Motors, was the city's largest employer, a distinction now held by the District School Board of Niagara. TRW Automotive operates a plant in the city, though in recent years employment there has shifted from heavy industry and manufacturing to services.
/m/03j0d	Howard Phillips \"H. P.\" Lovecraft was an American author who achieved posthumous fame through his influential works of horror fiction. Virtually unknown and only published in pulp magazines before he died in poverty, he is now regarded as one of the most significant 20th-century authors in his genre.\nLovecraft was born in Providence, Rhode Island, where he spent most of his life. His father was confined to a mental institution when Lovecraft was 3 years old. His grandfather, a wealthy businessman, enjoyed storytelling and was an early influence. Intellectually precocious but sensitive, Lovecraft had begun composing rudimentary horror tales and had begun to be overwhelmed by feelings of anxiety by the age of 8. He encountered problems with peers in school, and was kept at home by his highly-strung and overbearing mother for illnesses that may have been psychosomatic. In high school Lovecraft found his contemporaries were accepting and he formed friendships. He also involved neighborhood children in elaborate make-believe projects, only regretfully ceasing the activity at 17 years old. Despite leaving school in 1908 without graduating—he found mathematics particularly difficult—Lovecraft's knowledge of subjects that interested him was formidable.
/m/02h761	Ruth Prawer Jhabvala, CBE was a German-born British and American Booker prize-winning novelist, short story writer and two-time Academy Award-winning screenwriter. She is perhaps best known for her long collaboration with Merchant Ivory Productions, made up of director James Ivory and the late producer Ismail Merchant. Jhabvala wrote a dozen novels, 23 screenplays and eight collections of short stories and was made a CBE in 1998 and granted a joint fellowship by BAFTA in 2002 with Ivory and Merchant. She is the only person to have won both a Booker Prize and an Oscar.
/m/0f1r9	The Department of the Treasury is an executive department and the treasury of the United States federal government. It was established by an Act of Congress in 1789 to manage government revenue. The Department is administered by the Secretary of the Treasury, who is a member of the Cabinet. Jack Lew is the current Secretary of the Treasury; he was sworn in on February 28, 2013.\nThe first Secretary of the Treasury was Alexander Hamilton, who was sworn into office on September 11, 1789. Hamilton was asked by President George Washington to serve after first having asked Robert Morris. Hamilton almost single-handedly worked out the nation's early financial system, and for several years was a major presence in Washington's administration as well. His portrait is on the obverse of the U.S. ten-dollar bill while the Treasury Department building is shown on the reverse.\nBesides the Secretary, one of the best-known Treasury officials is the Treasurer of the United States whose signature, along with the Treasury Secretary's, appears on all Federal Reserve notes.\nThe Treasury prints and mints all paper currency and coins in circulation through the Bureau of Engraving and Printing and the United States Mint. The Department also collects all federal taxes through the Internal Revenue Service, and manages U.S. government debt instruments.
/m/0gx1l	Southern California, often abbreviated as SoCal, is a megaregion or megapolitan area in the southern portion of the US state of California. Large urban areas include the Greater Los Angeles, and Greater San Diego. The region stretches along the coast from about Santa Barbara to the United States and Mexico border, and from the Pacific Ocean inland to the Nevada and Arizona borders. The heavily built-up urban area stretches along the coast from Ventura, through the Greater Los Angeles Area, the Inland Empire and down to San Diego. Southern California is a major economic center for the state of California and the United States.\nSouthern California's population encompasses eight metropolitan areas, or MSAs: the Los Angeles metropolitan area, consisting of Los Angeles and Orange counties; the Inland Empire, consisting of Riverside and San Bernardino counties; the San Diego metropolitan area; the Bakersfield metropolitan area; the Oxnard–Thousand Oaks–Ventura metropolitan area; the Santa Barbara metro area; the San Luis Obispo metropolitan area; and the El Centro area. Out of these, three are heavy populated areas: the Los Angeles area with over 12 million inhabitants, the Riverside-San Bernardino area with over 4 million inhabitants, and the San Diego area with over 3 million inhabitants. For CSA metropolitan purposes, the five counties of Los Angeles, Orange, Riverside, San Bernardino, and Ventura are all combined to make up the Greater Los Angeles Area with over 17.5 million people. With over 22 million people, southern California contains roughly 60% of California's population.
/m/0n7q7	Cass County is a county located in the U.S. state of Nebraska. As of the 2010 census, the population was 25,241. Its county seat is Plattsmouth. It is one of five Nebraska counties in the eight-county Omaha-Council Bluffs Metropolitan Statistical Area.\nIn the Nebraska license plate system, Cass County is represented by the prefix 20.
/m/022g44	David Hemmings was an English film, theatre and television actor as well as a film and television director and producer. He and his manager created the Hemdale Film Corporation in 1967.\nHe is noted for his role as the photographer in the drama mystery-thriller film Blowup, directed by Michelangelo Antonioni. Early in his career, Hemmings was a boy soprano appearing in operatic roles. In his later acting career, he was known for his distinctive eyebrows and gravelly voice.
/m/0dwsp	The marimba is a percussion instrument consisting of a set of wooden bars struck with mallets to produce musical tones. Resonators attached to the bars amplify their sound. The bars are arranged as those of a piano, with the accidentals raised vertically and overlapping the natural bars to aid the performer both visually and physically. This instrument is a type of xylophone, but with broader and lower tonal range and resonators.\nThe chromatic marimba was developed in Chiapas, Mexico from the local diatonic marimba, an instrument whose ancestor was a type of balafon that African slaves built in Central America.\nModern uses of the marimba include solo performances, woodwind and brass ensembles, marimba concertos, jazz ensembles, marching band, drum and bugle corps, and orchestral compositions. Contemporary composers have used the unique sound of the marimba more and more in recent years.
/m/09qv3c	This is a list of the winners of the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series. In early Emmy ceremonies, the supporting categories were not always genre, or even gender, specific. Beginning with the 22nd Emmys supporting actors in comedy have competed alone. However, these comedic performances often included actors from miniseries, telefilms, and guest performers competing against main cast competitors. Such instances are marked below.\n# – Indicates a performance in a Miniseries or Telefilm, prior to the category's creation.\n§ – Indicates a performance as a guest performer, prior to the category's creation.
/m/032w8h	Paul Stephen Rudd is an American actor, comedian, screenwriter and musician. He has primarily appeared in comedies, and is known for his roles in the films Clueless, Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy, The 40-Year-Old Virgin, Knocked Up, Forgetting Sarah Marshall, I Love You, Man, Dinner for Schmucks, Our Idiot Brother, The Perks of Being a Wallflower, This Is 40, and Anchorman 2: The Legend Continues. In television, he appeared in the early 1990s on the NBC drama Sisters as the eventual husband of Ashley Judd's character, and some years later on the NBC sitcom Friends, playing Mike Hannigan, Phoebe Buffay's boyfriend and later husband for the final two seasons. Other guest television roles have included an appearance on the Tim and Eric show and hosting Saturday Night Live.\nRudd has been cast as Scott Lang aka Ant-Man in Marvel Studios' film of the same name, to be released in 2015.
/m/0520r2x	Richard Day was a Canadian art director. He won seven Academy Awards and was nominated for a further 13 in the category Best Art Direction He worked on 265 films between 1923 and 1970.\nHe was born in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada and died in Hollywood, California.
/m/0jc6p	Cache County is a county located in the U.S. state of Utah. As of the 2010 Census the population was 112,656. Its county seat and largest city is Logan. The county was named for the fur stashes made by many of the Rocky Mountain Fur Company trappers.\nThe Cache Valley and surrounding mountains are located in the county, which reaches up to the Idaho border. The Bear River Mountains, the northernmost extension of the Wasatch Range, which reach as high as 10,000 feet, cover the eastern half of the county. The Bear River flows through Cache Valley. Wellsville was the first European settlement in the county, settled by Peter Maughan in 1853.\nCache County is included in the Logan, Utah-Idaho Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/07sqm1	Sivasspor is a Turkish sports club based in Sivas, Turkey formed in 1967. They play in the Turkish Süper Lig. Their manager is currently Roberto Carlos. They finished 12th in the 2012–13 Süper Lig. Their current captain is Kadir Bekmezci.
/m/0prfz	Isaac Liev Schreiber is an American actor, producer, director, and screenwriter. He became known during the late 1990s and early 2000s, having appeared in several independent films, and later mainstream Hollywood films, including the Scream trilogy of horror films, Phantoms, The Sum of All Fears, X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Salt, Taking Woodstock and Goon. Schreiber is also a respected stage actor, having performed in several Broadway productions. In 2005, Schreiber won a Tony Award as Best Featured Actor for his performance in the play Glengarry Glen Ross. That year, Schreiber also made his debut as a film director and writer with Everything Is Illuminated, based on the novel of the same name. He also plays the eponymous lead character on the Showtime series Ray Donovan.
/m/02m77	Edinburgh is the capital city of Scotland, situated in Lothian on the southern shore of the Firth of Forth. It is the second most populous city in Scotland and the seventh most populous in the United Kingdom. The population in 2012 was 482,640.\nEdinburgh has been recognised as the capital of Scotland since at least the 15th century, but political power moved south to London after the Union of the Crowns in 1603 and the Union of Parliaments in 1707. After nearly three centuries of unitary government, a measure of self-government returned in the shape of the devolved Scottish Parliament, which officially opened in Edinburgh in 1999. The city is also home to many national institutions such as the National Museum of Scotland, the National Library of Scotland and the Scottish National Gallery. Edinburgh's relatively buoyant economy, traditionally centred on banking and insurance but now encompassing a wide range of businesses, makes it the biggest financial centre in the UK after London. Many Scottish companies have established their head offices in the city.\nEdinburgh is rich in associations with the past and has many historic buildings, including Edinburgh Castle, Holyrood Palace, the churches of St. Giles, Greyfriars and the Canongate, and an extensive Georgian New Town built in the 18th century. Edinburgh's Old Town and New Town are listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site. The city has long been known abroad as a centre of education, particularly in the fields of medicine, Scots law, the sciences and engineering. The University of Edinburgh, founded in 1583 and now one of four in the city, was placed 17th in the QS World University Rankings in 2013. The city is also famous for the Edinburgh International Festival, which, since its inception in 1947, has grown – largely as a result of the \"Fringe\" and other associated events – into the biggest annual international arts festival in the world. In 2004 Edinburgh became the world's first UNESCO City of Literature, an accolade awarded in recognition of its literary heritage and lively literary activities in the present. The city's historical and cultural attractions, together with an annual calendar of events aimed primarily at the tourist market, have made it the second most popular tourist destination in the United Kingdom, attracting over one million overseas visitors each year .
/m/026mmy	The Grammy Award for Best Compilation Soundtrack for Visual Media has been awarded since 2000. In 2000 the award was presented as the Grammy Award for Best Soundtrack Album, and from 2001-2011 as Best Compilation Soundtrack Album for Motion Pictures, Television or Other Visual Media.\nFrom 2012, the category was known as Best Compilation Soundtrack for Visual Media.\nYears reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were presented, for music released in the previous year. The award is presented to the artist or artists of a majority of tracks and/or the producer or producers of a majority of tracks on the album. In the absence of either, then the award goes to the individual actively responsible for the musical direction of the album.
/m/037gjc	Thomas Mark Harmon is an American actor. Since the mid-1970s, he has appeared in a variety of television, film and stage roles following a career as a two-year starter as a collegiate football player with the UCLA Bruins. Since 2003, Harmon has starred as Leroy Jethro Gibbs in the hit CBS series NCIS.
/m/02bn_p	The One Hundred Sixth United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, composed of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, DC from January 3, 1999 to January 3, 2001, during the last two years of Bill Clinton's presidency. The apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives was based on the Twenty-first Census of the United States in 1990. Both chambers had a Republican majority.
/m/0gsl0	The North Island or Te Ika-a-Māui is one of the two main islands of New Zealand, separated from the slightly larger but much less populous South Island by Cook Strait. The island is 113,729 square kilometres in area, making it the world's 14th-largest island. It has a population of 3,422,000.\nTwelve main urban areas are in the North Island. Listing from north to south, they are Whangarei, Auckland, Hamilton, Tauranga, Rotorua, Gisborne, New Plymouth, Napier, Hastings, Whanganui, Palmerston North, and Wellington, the capital, located at the south-west extremity of the island. Approximately 77% of New Zealand's population lives in the North Island.
/m/07szy	The University of Michigan, frequently referred to as simply Michigan, is a public research university located in Ann Arbor, Michigan, United States. It is the state's oldest university and has two satellite campuses located in Flint and Dearborn. The university was founded in 1817 in Detroit as the Catholepistemiad, or University of Michigania, about 20 years before the Michigan Territory officially became a state. What would become the university moved to Ann Arbor in 1837 onto 40 acres of what is now known as Central Campus. Since its establishment in Ann Arbor, the university campus has expanded to include more than 584 major buildings with a combined area of more than 31 million gross square feet, and has transformed its academic program from a strictly classical curriculum to one that includes science and research.\nThe university has very high research activity and its comprehensive graduate program offers doctoral degrees in the humanities, social sciences, and STEM fields as well as professional degrees in medicine, law, nursing, social work and dentistry. Michigan was one of the founding members of the Association of American Universities, and its body of living alumni comprises more than 500,000.
/m/02vg0	Eli Herschel Wallach is an American film, television and stage actor whose career has spanned more than six decades, beginning in the late 1940s. For his performance as Silva Vacarro in Baby Doll, he won a BAFTA Award for Best Newcomer and a Golden Globe nomination. Among his most famous roles are Calvera in The Magnificent Seven, Guido in The Misfits, and Tuco in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Other notable portrayals include Don Altobello in The Godfather Part III, Cotton Weinberger in The Two Jakes, and Arthur Abbott in The Holiday. One of America's most prolific screen actors, Wallach has remained active well into his nineties, with roles as recently as 2010 in Wall Street: Money Never Sleeps and The Ghost Writer.\nWallach has received BAFTA Awards, Tony Awards and Emmy Awards for his work, and received an Honorary Academy Award at the 2nd Annual Governors Awards, presented on November 13, 2010.
/m/05y8n7	Dance-punk is a music genre that emerged in the late 1970s, and is closely associated with the post-punk and new wave movements.
/m/04vrxh	Charles Edward \"Chad\" Hugo is an American musician and record producer. He is best known as one half of the music production and writing duo The Neptunes and as a member of N.E.R.D. He is a saxophonist, pianist and guitarist. Along with his production partner Pharrell Williams, he has produced numerous number-one hit tracks.
/m/0fn8jc	Cory Allan Michael Monteith was a Canadian actor and musician, best known for his role as Finn Hudson on the Fox television series Glee.\nAs an actor based in British Columbia, Monteith had minor roles on television series before an audition tape of him singing \"Can't Fight This Feeling\" helped to land him the most significant role of his career, Finn Hudson on Glee. Following his success on Glee, Monteith's film work included the movie Monte Carlo and a starring role in Sisters & Brothers.\nMonteith had a troubled adolescence involving substance abuse from age twelve; he left school at age sixteen. After an intervention by family and friends, he entered drug rehabilitation at age nineteen. In a 2011 interview with Parade magazine, he discussed his history of substance abuse as a teen, and in March 2013, he again sought treatment for addiction. On July 13, 2013, he died of a toxic combination of heroin and alcohol in a Vancouver hotel room.
/m/04snp2	Joseph \"Jeph\" Loeb III is an American film and television writer, producer and award-winning comic book writer. Loeb was a producer/writer on the TV series Smallville and Lost, writer for the films Commando and Teen Wolf and was a writer and Co-Executive Producer on the NBC TV show Heroes from its premiere in 2006 to November 2008.\nIn 2010, Loeb became Head of Television for Marvel in charge of drama, comedy and animation.\nA four-time Eisner Award winner and five-time Wizard Fan Awards winner, Loeb's comic book work, which has appeared on the New York Times Best Seller list, includes work on many major characters, including Spider-Man, Batman, Superman, Hulk, Captain America, Cable, Iron Man, Daredevil, Supergirl, the Avengers, and Buffy the Vampire Slayer, much of which he has produced in collaboration with artist Tim Sale.
/m/05l64	Oslo is the capital of and most populous city in Norway. Oslo constitutes a county and a municipality.\nFounded around 1000 AD, and established a \"kaupstad\" or trading place in 1048 by King Harald III, the city was elevated to a bishopric in 1070 and a capital under Haakon V around 1300. Personal unions with Denmark from 1397 to 1523 and again from 1536 to 1814 and with Sweden from 1814 to 1905 reduced its influence. After being destroyed by a fire in 1624, the city was moved closer to Akershus Castle during the reign of King Christian IV and renamed Christiania in his honour. It was established as a municipality on 1 January 1838. Following a spelling reform, it was known as Kristiania from 1877 to 1925, when its original Norwegian name was restored.\nOslo is the economic and governmental centre of Norway. The city is also a hub of Norwegian trade, banking, industry and shipping. It is an important centre for maritime industries and maritime trade in Europe. The city is home to many companies within the maritime sector, some of which are among the world's largest shipping companies, shipbrokers and maritime insurance brokers. Oslo is a pilot city of the Council of Europe and the European Commission intercultural cities programme.
/m/05c17	New Caledonia is a special collectivity of France located in the southwest Pacific Ocean, 1,210 kilometres east of Australia and 16,136 kilometres east of Metropolitan France. The archipelago, part of the Melanesia subregion, includes the main island of Grande Terre, the Loyalty Islands, the Chesterfield Islands, the Belep archipelago, the Isle of Pines and a few remote islets. The Chesterfield Islands are in the Coral Sea. Locals refer to Grande Terre as \"Le Caillou\".\nNew Caledonia has a land area of 18,576 square kilometres. The population is 256,000. The population is a mix of Kanak people, White European people, Polynesian people, and South-East Asian people. The capital of the territory is Nouméa.
/m/0p4v_	Tom Jones is a 1963 British adventure comedy film, an adaptation of Henry Fielding's classic novel The History of Tom Jones, a Foundling, starring Albert Finney as the titular hero. It was one of the most critically acclaimed and popular comedies of its time, winning four Academy Awards, including Best Picture. The film was directed by Tony Richardson and the screenplay was adapted by playwright John Osborne. The film is notable for its unusual comic style: the opening sequence is performed in the style of a silent movie, and characters sometimes break the fourth wall, often by looking directly into the camera and addressing the audience, and going so far as to have the character of Tom Jones suddenly appearing to notice the camera and covering the lens with his hat.
/m/05j0wc	Crispin McDougal Freeman is an American voice actor. His roles have included Alucard from Hellsing, Kyon from The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya, Shizuo Heiwajima from Durarara!!, Karasu from Noein, Togusa from Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex, as Holland Novak from Eureka Seven, Touga Kiryuu in Revolutionary Girl Utena, Zelgadis Greywords from Slayers, Straight Cougar from S-CRY-ed, Tsume from Wolf's Rain, Guan Yu from Dynasty Warriors, Siegfried Schtauffen from Soul Calibur III, Jeremiah Gottwald from Code Geass, Itachi Uchiha in Naruto, Rude from Final Fantasy VII, Albel Nox from Star Ocean: Till the End of Time, Balmung of the Azure Sky in the .hack Series and Red Arrow in Young Justice.
/m/0dvmd	Leonardo Wilhelm DiCaprio is an American actor and film producer. He has been nominated for five Academy Awards and ten Golden Globe Awards. He won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a Drama for The Aviator and the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a Musical or Comedy for The Wolf of Wall Street. He has also been nominated by the Screen Actors Guild, Satellite Awards, and the British Academy of Film and Television Arts.\nDiCaprio started his career by appearing in television commercials prior to landing recurring roles in TV series such as the soap opera Santa Barbara and the sitcom Growing Pains in the early 1990s. He made his film debut in the comedic sci-fi horror film Critters 3 and received first notable critical praise for his performance in This Boy's Life. DiCaprio obtained recognition for his subsequent work in supporting roles in What's Eating Gilbert Grape and Marvin's Room, as well as leading roles in The Basketball Diaries and Romeo + Juliet, before achieving international fame in James Cameron's Titanic.\nSince the 2000s, DiCaprio has been nominated for awards for his work in such films as Catch Me If You Can, Gangs of New York, The Aviator, Blood Diamond, The Departed, Revolutionary Road, Django Unchained and The Wolf of Wall Street. His films Shutter Island and Inception rank among the biggest commercial successes of his career. DiCaprio owns a production company named Appian Way Productions, whose productions include the films Gardener of Eden and Orphan. A committed environmentalist, DiCaprio has received praise from environmental groups for his activism.
/m/0qb62	Anhui is a province of the People's Republic of China, and is part of the East China region. Located across the basins of the Yangtze River and the Huai River, it borders Jiangsu to the east, Zhejiang to the southeast, Jiangxi to the south, Hubei to the southwest, Henan to the northwest, and Shandong for a tiny section in the north. The provincial capital is Hefei.\nThe name \"Anhui\" derives from the names of two cities in southern Anhui, Anqing and Huizhou. The abbreviation for Anhui is \"皖\", because there were historically a State of Wan, a Mount Wan, and a Wan river in the province.
/m/024my5	Katherine Elaine \"Kath\" Soucie is an American voice actress, whose roles include Janine Melnitz in The Real Ghost Busters, Ingrid Krueger in Jem, Cindy Bear in the Hanna-Barbera shows Wake, Rattle and Roll and Yo Yogi!,The Powerpuff Girls Fifi La Fume in Tiny Toon Adventures, Dexter's Mom in Dexter's Laboratory, Linka in Captain Planet and the Planeteers, The DeVille twins and their Mom in Rugrats and Ray Ray Lee in The Life and Times of Juniper Lee.
/m/03x400	John Peter Sarsgaard is an American film and stage actor, best known for his role in the 2004 comedy-drama Garden State. He landed his first feature role in the movie Dead Man Walking in 1995. He then appeared in the 1998 independent films Another Day in Paradise and Desert Blue. That same year, Sarsgaard received a substantial role in The Man in the Iron Mask, playing Raoul, the ill-fated son of Athos. Sarsgaard later achieved critical recognition when he was cast in Boys Don't Cry as John Lotter. He landed his first leading role in the 2001 film The Center of the World. The following year, he played supporting roles in Empire, The Salton Sea, and K-19: The Widowmaker.\nFor his portrayal of Charles Lane in Shattered Glass, Sarsgaard won the National Society of Film Critics Award for Best Supporting Actor and was nominated for the 2004 Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor. Sarsgaard has appeared in an eclectic range of films, including the 2004 comedy-drama Garden State, the biographical film Kinsey, the drama The Dying Gaul and big-budget films such as Flightplan, Jarhead, Orphan, Knight and Day, and the superhero film Green Lantern. Sarsgaard also appeared in the U.S. TV series The Killing as a man on death row perhaps wrongfully convicted for the brutal murder of his wife - a role in which he says included \"some of the best acting I have ever done in my life.\"
/m/03lb_v	The American Academy of Arts and Letters is a 250-member honor society; its goal is to \"foster, assist, and sustain excellence\" in American literature, music, and art. Located in the Washington Heights neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City, it shares Audubon Terrace, a complex on Broadway between West 155th and 156th Streets, with the Hispanic Society of America and Boricua College. The Academy's galleries are open to the public on a published schedule. The auditorium is sought out by musicians wishing to record live because the acoustics are considered among the worlds finest.
/m/050yl	Military history is a humanities discipline within the scope of general historical recording of armed conflict in the history of humanity, and its impact on the societies, their cultures, economies and changing intra and international relationships.\nProfessional historians normally focus on military affairs that had a major impact on the societies involved as well as the aftermath of conflicts, while amateur historians and hobbyists often take a larger interest in the details of battles, equipment and uniforms in use.\nThe essential subjects of military history study are the causes of war, the social and cultural foundations, military doctrine on each side, the logistics, leadership, technology, strategy, and tactics used, and how these changed over time. Whereas Just War Theory explores the moral dimensions of warfare, and to better limit the destructive reality caused by war, seeks to establish a doctrine of military ethics.\nAs an applied field, military history has been studied at academies and service schools because the military command seeks to not repeat past mistakes, and improve upon its current performance by instilling an ability in commanders to perceive historical parallels during a battle, so as to capitalize on the lessons learned from the past.
/m/03s5lz	Analyze This is a 1999 gangster comedy film directed by Harold Ramis, who co-wrote the screenplay with playwright Kenneth Lonergan and Peter Tolan. The film stars Robert De Niro as a mafioso and Billy Crystal as his psychiatrist. A sequel, Analyze That, was released in 2002.
/m/06yyp	Sikhism, or known in Punjabi as Sikhi, is a monotheistic religion founded during the 15th century in the Punjab region of the Indian subcontinent, by Guru Nanak and continued to progress through the ten successive Sikh gurus. It is the fifth-largest organized religion in the world, with approximately 30 million adherents. Punjab, India is the only state in the world with a majority Sikh population.\nAdherents of Sikhism are known as Sikhs. According to Devinder Singh Chahal, \"The word 'Sikhi' gave rise to the modern anglicized word 'Sikhism' for the modern world.\" Gurmat means literally 'wisdom of the Guru' in contrast to Manmat, or self-willed impulses.\nAccording to Sewa Singh Kalsi, \"The central teaching in Sikhism is the belief in the concept of the oneness of God.\" Sikhism considers spiritual life and secular life to be intertwined. Guru Nanak, the first Sikh Guru established the system of the Langar, or communal kitchen, in order to demonstrate the need to share and have equality between all people. Sikhs also believe that \"all religious traditions are equally valid and capable of enlightening their followers\". In addition to sharing with others Guru Nanak inspired people to earn an honest living without exploitation and also the need for remembrance of the divine name. Guru Nanak described living an \"active, creative, and practical life\" of \"truthfulness, fidelity, self-control and purity\" as being higher than a purely contemplative life. Guru Hargobind, the sixth Sikh Guru, established the political/temporal and spiritual realms to be mutually coexistent.
/m/026gyn_	The Lion in Winter is a 1968 historical drama made by Avco Embassy Pictures, based on the Broadway play by James Goldman. It was directed by Anthony Harvey and produced by Joseph E. Levine from Goldman's adaptation of his own play, The Lion in Winter.\nThe movie starred Peter O'Toole, Katharine Hepburn, John Castle, Anthony Hopkins as Richard the Lionheart, Jane Merrow, and, in early appearances, Timothy Dalton and Nigel Terry.\nThe critically acclaimed film was a commercial success and won three Academy Awards, including one for Hepburn as Best Actress. There was a television remake in 2003.
/m/027xq5	The Glasgow School of Art is Scotland's only independent art school offering university level programmes and research in architecture, fine art and design.
/m/09m465	Carl Edward Richard Cort is an Guyanese footballer who plays as a forward for Tampa Bay Rowdies in the North American Soccer League.\nHe has previously played for Wimbledon, Lincoln City, Newcastle United, Wolverhampton Wanderers, Leicester City, UD Marbella and Norwich City.
/m/02vgh	Electric Light Orchestra was a British rock group from Birmingham, England, who released eleven studio albums between 1971 and 1986 and another album in 2001. ELO were formed to accommodate Roy Wood and Jeff Lynne's desire to create modern rock and pop songs with classical overtones. After Wood's departure following the band's debut record, Lynne wrote and arranged all of the group's original compositions and produced every album.\nDespite early singles success in the United Kingdom, the band were initially more successful in the United States, billed as \"The English guys with the big fiddles\". They gained a cult following despite lukewarm reviews back in their native United Kingdom. By the mid-1970s, they had become one of the biggest-selling acts in music. From 1972 to 1986, ELO accumulated 27 Top-40 hit singles in both the UK and the US, with 20 Top 20 UK singles and 15 Top-20 US singles. The band also holds the record for having the most Billboard Hot 100 Top 40 hits of any group in US chart history without ever having a number one single.\nELO collected 19 CRIA, 21 RIAA and 38 BPI awards, and sold over 50 million records worldwide during the group's active period of recording and touring.
/m/06cddt	Daniel Jason Sudeikis is an American actor, voice actor, writer and comedian. He began his career in improv comedy. In 2003, he was hired as a sketch writer for Saturday Night Live and became a cast member from 2005 to 2013. He has appeared on television in 30 Rock, The Cleveland Show, Eastbound & Down, and other shows. He is also known for his roles in the films Hall Pass, Horrible Bosses, Epic and We're the Millers.
/m/04cv9m	All the King's Men is a 2006 film adaptation of the 1946 Pulitzer Prize-winning novel All the King's Men by Robert Penn Warren. It was directed by Steven Zaillian, who also produced and scripted.\nThe story is about the life of Willie Stark, a fictional character resembling Louisiana governor Huey Long. The film co-stars Jude Law, Kate Winslet, Anthony Hopkins, James Gandolfini, Mark Ruffalo, Patricia Clarkson and Jackie Earle Haley.\nAll the King's Men had previously been adapted by Robert Rossen in 1949. Although it does not follow the 1949 film's narrative and is more faithful to the novel than the earlier movie, the 2006 film is often considered a remake of the 1949 version. According to IMDb, Zaillian never saw the original film, and adapted the screenplay solely from Warren's novel.\nFilming took place in New Orleans, Morgan City, Donaldsonville, at the Louisiana State Capitol in Baton Rouge and many other places in Louisiana.\nThe world premiere was held at the Toronto Film Festival on September 11, 2006. There the film was first screened to the press. A special screening was held at the Tulane University in New Orleans on September 16, 2006.
/m/02m7r	Ernest Rutherford, 1st Baron Rutherford of Nelson, OM FRS was a New Zealand-born British physicist who became known as the father of nuclear physics. Encyclopedia Britannica considers him to be the greatest experimentalist since Michael Faraday.\nIn early work he discovered the concept of radioactive half-life, proved that radioactivity involved the transmutation of one chemical element to another, and also differentiated and named alpha and beta radiation. This work was done at McGill University in Canada. It is the basis for the Nobel Prize in Chemistry he was awarded in 1908 \"for his investigations into the disintegration of the elements, and the chemistry of radioactive substances\".\nRutherford moved in 1907 to the Victoria University of Manchester in the UK, where he and Thomas Royds proved that alpha radiation is helium ions. Rutherford performed his most famous work after he became a Nobel laureate. In 1911, although he could not prove that it was positive or negative, he theorized that atoms have their charge concentrated in a very small nucleus, and thereby pioneered the Rutherford model of the atom, through his discovery and interpretation of Rutherford scattering in his gold foil experiment. He is widely credited with first \"splitting the atom\" in 1917 in a nuclear reaction between nitrogen and alpha particles, in which he also discovered the proton.
/m/01g0p5	The Royal Academy of Music is a conservatoire in London, England and a constituent college of the University of London. It was founded in 1822 and is Britain's oldest degree-granting music school. It received a Royal Charter in 1830. It is a registered charity under English law.
/m/043kzcr	Jessica Michelle Chastain is an American actress. Chastain played guest roles in several television shows before making her feature film debut in the 2008 independent film Jolene. In 2011, she gained wide public recognition for her starring roles in seven film releases; her performance in The Help was particularly well received and she earned an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress nomination, as well as Golden Globe, Screen Actors Guild Award and BAFTA nominations in the same category. For her lead performance in the controversial 2012 military thriller film Zero Dark Thirty, Chastain received wide critical acclaim and won the Broadcast Film Critics Association Award for Best Actress and the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Motion Picture Drama, and received an Academy Award nomination for Best Actress.\nIn 2012, Time magazine featured her as one of the \"100 Most Influential People in the World\". Chastain's performances in Zero Dark Thirty and in the 2013 horror film Mama led film critic Richard Roeper to describe her as \"one of the finest actors of her generation\".
/m/03dhbp	Transformers is an entertainment franchise co-produced between the Japanese Takara Tomy and American Hasbro toy companies. Initially developed as a brand by Hasbro and made up of renamed, rebranded transforming toys from Takara's Diaclone and Microman toylines, the franchise began in 1984 with the Transformers toy line, and centers on factions of transforming alien robots in an endless struggle for dominance or eventual peace. In its decades-long history, the franchise has expanded to encompass comic books, animation, video games and films.\nThe term \"Generation 1\" covers both the animated television series The Transformers and the comic book series of the same name, which are further divided into Japanese and British spin-offs, respectively. Sequels followed, such as the Generation 2 comic book and Beast Wars TV series, which became its own mini-universe. Generation 1 characters underwent two reboots with Dreamwave in 2001 and IDW Publishing in 2005, also as a remastered series. There have been other incarnations of the story based on different toy lines during and after the 20th-Century. The first was the Robots in Disguise series, followed by three shows that constitute a single universe called the \"Unicron Trilogy\". A live-action film was also released in 2007, with a sequel in 2009, a second sequel in 2011, and a third sequel coming out in 2014 again distinct from previous incarnations, while the Transformers: Animated series merged concepts from the G1 story-arc, the 2007 live-action film and the \"Unicron Trilogy\". Transformers: Prime previously aired on The Hub.
/m/07sz1	The Supreme Court of the United States was established pursuant to Article III of the United States Constitution in 1789 as the highest federal court in the United States. It has ultimate appellate jurisdiction over all federal courts and over state court cases involving issues of federal law, plus original jurisdiction over a small range of cases. In the legal system of the United States, the Supreme Court is the final interpreter of federal constitutional law, although it may only act within the context of a case in which it has jurisdiction.\nThe Court consists of a chief justice and eight associate justices who are nominated by the President and confirmed by the Senate. Once appointed, justices have life tenure unless they resign, retire, take senior status, or are removed after impeachment. In modern discourse, the justices are often categorized as having conservative, moderate, or liberal philosophies of law and of judicial interpretation. Each justice has one vote, and while many cases are decided unanimously, many of the highest profile cases often expose ideological beliefs that track with those philosophical or political categories. The Court meets in the United States Supreme Court Building in Washington, D.C.
/m/043cl9	Jeetendra is an award winning Indian actor, television, films producer and chairman of the Balaji Telefilms, Balaji Motion Pictures and ALT Entertainment. Famous for his dancing, he was awarded Filmfare Lifetime Achievement Award in 2003 and Screen Lifetime Achievement Award in 2005.
/m/0dzc16	Emilio Estefan, Jr. is a Cuban-American 19-time Grammy Award winning musician and producer. Estefan's first taste of celebrity came as a member of the Miami Sound Machine. He is the husband of singer Gloria Estefan, and the uncle of Spanish-language television personality Lili Estefan.
/m/06bvp	Religion is an organized collection of beliefs, cultural systems, and world views that relate humanity to an order of existence. Many religions have narratives, symbols, and sacred histories that are intended to explain the meaning of life and/or to explain the origin of life or the Universe. From their beliefs about the cosmos and human nature, people derive morality, ethics, religious laws or a preferred lifestyle. According to some estimates, there are roughly 4,200 religions in the world.\nMany religions may have organized behaviors, clergy, a definition of what constitutes adherence or membership, holy places, and scriptures. The practice of a religion may also include rituals, sermons, commemoration or veneration of a deity, gods or goddesses, sacrifices, festivals, feasts, trance, initiations, funerary services, matrimonial services, meditation, prayer, music, art, dance, public service or other aspects of human culture. Religions may also contain mythology.\nThe word religion is sometimes used interchangeably with faith, belief system or sometimes set of duties; however, in the words of Émile Durkheim, religion differs from private belief in that it is \"something eminently social\". A global 2012 poll reports that 59% of the world's population is religious, and 36% are not religious, including 13% who are atheists, with a 9 percent decrease in religious belief from 2005. On average, women are more religious than men. Some people follow multiple religions or multiple religious principles at the same time, regardless of whether or not the religious principles they follow traditionally allow for syncretism.
/m/0gkz15s	The Hunger Games is a 2012 American adventure film directed by Gary Ross and based on the novel of the same name by Suzanne Collins. The picture is the first installment in The Hunger Games film series and was produced by Nina Jacobson and Jon Kilik, with a screenplay by Ross, Collins and Billy Ray. The film stars Jennifer Lawrence, Josh Hutcherson, Liam Hemsworth, Woody Harrelson, Elizabeth Banks, Lenny Kravitz, Stanley Tucci and Donald Sutherland. The story takes place in a dystopian post-apocalyptic future in the nation of Panem, where boys and girls between the ages of 12 and 18 must take part in the Hunger Games, a televised annual event in which the \"tributes\" are required to fight to the death until there is one remaining who will be crowned the victor. Katniss Everdeen volunteers to take her younger sister's place in the games. Joined by her district's male tribute Peeta Mellark, Katniss travels to the Capitol to train for the Hunger Games under the guidance of former victor Haymitch Abernathy.\nDevelopment of The Hunger Games began in March 2009 when Lions Gate Entertainment entered into a co-production agreement with Color Force, which had acquired the rights a few weeks earlier. Collins collaborated with Ray and Ross to write the screenplay. The screenplay expanded the character of Seneca Crane to allow several developments to be shown directly to the audience and Ross added several scenes between Crane and Coriolanus Snow. The main characters were cast between March and May 2011. Principal photography began in May 2011 and ended in September 2011, and filming took place in North Carolina. The Hunger Games was shot entirely on film as opposed to digital.
/m/016pjk	In criminal law, kidnapping is the taking away or transportation of a person against that person's will, usually to hold the person in false imprisonment, a confinement without legal authority. This may be done for ransom or in furtherance of another crime, or in connection with a child custody dispute. When it is done with legal authority, it is often called arrest or imprisonment.\nIn some countries such as the United States a large number of child abductions arise after separation or divorce when one parent wishes to keep a child against the will of the other or against a court order. In these cases, some jurisdictions do not consider it kidnapping if the child, being competent, agrees.
/m/078mgh	Jeremy Davies is an American film and television actor. He is known for portraying the interpreter Cpl. Timothy E. Upham in the film Saving Private Ryan and the physicist Daniel Faraday on the television series Lost. He currently appears in the FX series, Justified, as Dickie Bennett, for which he has been twice nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award and won in 2012.
/m/04_1sd_	Nervous system disease refers to a general class of medical conditions affecting the nervous system.\nThey can be divided into:\nCentral nervous system disease in the CNS\nPeripheral neuropathy in the PNS\nThe term neuropathy is sometimes defined to include any disorder of the nervous system. With this usage, the terms \"nervous system disease\" and \"neuropathy\" would be synonymous.
/m/0lnfy	Lagos is a port and the most populous city in Nigeria. It is the second fastest-growing city in Africa and the seventh in the world. The population of Lagos according to the Lagos State Government, was 17.5 million. These figures are however disputed by the Nigerian Government and judged unreliable by the National Population Commission of Nigeria. The latest reports estimate the population at 21 million, making Lagos the largest city in Africa.\nLagos was originally inhabited by the Awori subgroup of the Yoruba people. Under the leadership of the Oloye Olofin, the Awori moved to an island now called Iddo and then to the larger Lagos Island. In the 15th century, the Awori settlement was attacked by the Benin Empire following a quarrel, and the island became a Benin war-camp called \"Eko\" under Oba Orhogba, the Oba of Benin at the time.\nLagos is a metropolitan area which originated on islands separated by creeks, such as Lagos Island, fringing the southwest mouth of Lagos Lagoon while protected from the Atlantic Ocean by long sand spits such as Bar Beach, which stretch up to 100 kilometres east and west of the mouth. From the beginning, Lagos has expanded on the mainland west of the lagoon and the conurbation, including Ikeja and Agege, now reaches more than 40 kilometres north-west of Lagos Island. Some suburbs include Ikorodu, Epe and Badagry, and more local councils have recently been created, bringing the total number of local governments in Lagos to 57.
/m/02ccqg	Union College is a private, non-denominational liberal arts college located in Schenectady, New York, United States. Founded in 1795, it was the first institution of higher learning chartered by the New York State Board of Regents. In the 19th century, it became the \"Mother of Fraternities\", as three of the earliest such organizations were established there. After 175 years as a traditional all-male institution, Union College began enrolling women in 1970.\nThe college offers a liberal arts curriculum across some 21 academic departments, as well as opportunities for interdepartmental majors and self-designed organizing theme majors. In common with most liberal arts colleges, Union offers a wide array of courses in arts, sciences, literature, and foreign languages, but, in common with only a few other liberal arts colleges, Union also offers ABET-accredited undergraduate degrees in computer engineering, electrical engineering, and mechanical engineering. Approximately 25% of students major in the social sciences; 9% in history; 10% in psychology; 11% in engineering; 10% in biology; 10% in the liberal arts; while some 5% design their own majors. By the time they graduate, about 60% of Union students will have engaged in some form of international study or study abroad.
/m/0cr3d	Brooklyn is coterminous with Kings County, which is the most populous county in New York State, and the second most densely populated county in the United States (after New York (Manhattan)).[2]Kings County was one of the original 12 counties, and Brooklyn was one\nof the original six towns within Kings County. The county was named in\nhonor of King Charles II of England.
/m/016srn	Randy Bruce Traywick, known professionally as Randy Travis, is an American country music singer, songwriter and actor. Since 1985, he has recorded 20 studio albums and charted more than 50 singles on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts, and 16 of these were number one hits. Considered a pivotal figure in the history of country music, Travis broke through in the mid-1980s with the release of his album Storms of Life, which sold more than four million copies. The album established him as a major force in the Neotraditional country movement. Travis followed up his successful debut with a string of platinum and multi-platinum albums. Travis is well known for his distinctive baritone vocals, delivered in a traditional style that has made him a country music star since the 1980s.\nBy the mid-1990s, Travis saw a decline in his chart success. In 1997, he left Warner Bros. Records for DreamWorks Records and changed his musical focus to gospel music. Although the career shift produced only one more number one country hit \"Three Wooden Crosses\", Travis went on to earn several Dove awards, including Album of the Year three times. In addition to his singing career, Travis pursued an acting career, appearing in numerous films and television series, including The Rainmaker with Matt Damon, Black Dog with Patrick Swayze, Texas Rangers with James Van Der Beek, and seven episodes of the Touched by an Angel television series. Travis has sold over 25 million records, and has earned 22 number one hits, six number one albums, six Grammy awards, six CMA awards, nine ACM awards, 10 AMA awards, seven Dove awards, and a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
/m/02fqrf	Batman Begins is a 2005 British-American superhero film based on the fictional DC Comics character Batman, co-written and directed by Christopher Nolan. It stars Christian Bale as Batman along with Michael Caine, Liam Neeson, Katie Holmes, Gary Oldman, and Morgan Freeman. The film reboots the Batman film series, telling the origin story of the character from Bruce Wayne's initial fear of bats, the death of his parents, his journey to become Batman, and his fight against Ra's al Ghul's plot to destroy Gotham City. It draws inspiration from classic comic book storylines such as The Man Who Falls, Batman: Year One, and Batman: The Long Halloween.\nAfter a series of unsuccessful projects to resurrect Batman on screen following the 1997 critical failure of Batman & Robin, Nolan and David S. Goyer began to work on the film in early 2003 and aimed for a darker and more realistic tone, with humanity and realism being the basis of the film. The goal was to get the audience to care for both Batman and Bruce Wayne. The film, which was primarily shot in Iceland and Chicago, relied on traditional stunts and miniatures – computer-generated imagery was used minimally.\nBatman Begins was both critically and commercially successful. The film opened on June 17, 2005, in the United States and Canada in 3,858 theaters. It grossed $48 million in its opening weekend in North America, eventually grossing over $372 million worldwide. The film received critical acclaim and has been considered by many as one of the best superhero films ever made. Critics noted that fear was a common motif throughout the film, and remarked that it had a darker tone compared with previous Batman films. The film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Cinematography and three BAFTA awards.
/m/037q2p	The University of Detroit Mercy is a private, Roman Catholic co-educational university in Detroit, Michigan, United States, affiliated with the Society of Jesus and the Sisters of Mercy. Antoine M. Garibaldi, Ph.D., is the president. With origins dating from 1877, it is the largest Roman Catholic university in Michigan. UDM is one of the twenty-eight member Association of Jesuit Colleges and Universities in the United States. Located across three campuses in Detroit, the school offers more than a hundred academic degrees and programs of study, including liberal arts, clinical psychology, business, dentistry, education, law, engineering, architecture, nursing and allied health professions. Listed below are some of the University's many distinguished alumni.\nUDM was ranked in the top tier of Midwestern regional universities in U.S. News & World Report \"America's Best Colleges\" 2014 edition and has been for over a decade. In athletics, the University sponsors 19 NCAA Division I level varsity sports for men and women, and is a member of the Horizon League. The UDM men's basketball team won the 2012 Horizon League Championship.
/m/023l9y	Bill Nelson is an English guitarist, songwriter, producer, painter and experimental musician. He currently lives in Selby.
/m/0blpnz	Pandro Samuel Berman was an American film producer.
/m/0m_v0	Joseph Henry \"T Bone\" Burnett is an American musician, songwriter, and soundtrack and record producer. He was a touring guitarist in Bob Dylan's band on the Rolling Thunder Revue. After the tour ended, Burnett and two other members of the backing band formed The Alpha Band, followed by his first solo album in 1980.\nBurnett has produced artists such as Roy Orbison, Lisa Marie Presley, John Mellencamp, Los Lobos, Counting Crows, Elton John & Leon Russell, Elvis Costello and his wife Diana Krall, Natalie Merchant and The Wallflowers as well as Tony Bennett and k.d. lang on the A Wonderful World album. Burnett won Grammy Awards for the O Brother, Where Art Thou? soundtrack and for his work with Alison Krauss and Robert Plant. He was nominated for an Academy Award for his songwriting contribution to the film Cold Mountain, and won an Academy Award for Best Original Song for \"The Weary Kind\" from Crazy Heart. He founded the record label DMZ, an imprint of Columbia, and was involved with Mark Heard and Tonio K in the short-lived What? Records. He oversaw the music for the films Walk the Line and The Big Lebowski.
/m/01xr2s	The Shield is an American drama television series starring Michael Chiklis that premiered on March 12, 2002, on FX in the United States and concluded on November 25, 2008, after seven seasons. Known for its portrayal of corrupt police officers, it was originally advertised as Rampart in reference to the true life Rampart Division police scandal, on which the show's Strike Team was loosely based. The series was created by Shawn Ryan and The Barn Productions for Fox Television Studios and Sony Pictures Television.\nSeveral notable film actors took extended roles on the show, including Glenn Close, who was the female lead during the fourth season, Forest Whitaker who guest starred in seasons 5 and 6, Laura Harring in season 5, Franka Potente in season 6 and Laurie Holden in season 7.\nThe series has received high critical acclaim as well as several awards and nominations. It won the Golden Globe Award for Best Television Series – Drama in 2002; Michael Chiklis won both the Primetime Emmy Award and Golden Globe Award for Best Lead Actor in a Drama in 2002, and the final season won a 2008 AFI Award for best television series.
/m/02gjt4	Milton Keynes Dons Football Club is a professional football club founded in 1889 as Wimbledon Old Central Football Club in south London. In 2003, Wimbledon relocated to the town of Milton Keynes north of London with the club changing its name to Milton Keynes Dons in 2004. The club has been based since 2007 at Stadium mk, Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire, England. The club currently plays in League One, the third tier in the English football league system.\nThe name Milton Keynes Dons was registered on 21 June 2004, nine months after Wimbledon F.C.'s relocation to Milton Keynes in September 2003 and its subsequent administration and renaming. Being in law the same business, MK Dons initially claimed the history of Wimbledon F.C. as its own. In 2007, as a gesture to keep the link with the club's south London history, MK Dons handed over its trophies won while the club was located in south London to Merton Council. This gesture was in part to ensure the recognition of its supporters' groups by the Football Supporters' Federation, which had previously boycotted the team.\nFollowing Wimbledon F.C.'s relegation, MK Dons played in League One for the 2004–05 season and were relegated again to the fourth-tier League Two after 2005–06. Under the management of Paul Ince, the club won both the division and the Football League Trophy during the 2007–08 season, and were promoted back to League One for 2008–09, where as of 2012–13 they remain.
/m/03q91d	Karl Diedrich Bader is an American actor, voice actor and comedian known for his roles in Napoleon Dynamite, The Drew Carey Show and Outsourced. He has also performed the voice over work of Batman on Batman: The Brave and the Bold, android Zeta in The Zeta Project, Warp Darkmatter in Buzz Lightyear of Star Command, the Fiskerton Phantom in The Secret Saturdays, and his recurring role as Hoss Delgado in The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy.
/m/034ns	Geography is a field of science dedicated to the study of the lands, the features, the inhabitants, and the phenomena of the Earth. A literal translation would be \"to describe or write about the Earth\". The first person to use the word \"geography\" was Eratosthenes. Four historical traditions in geographical research are spatial analysis of the natural and the human phenomena, area studies, study of the man-land relationship, and research in the Earth sciences. Nonetheless, modern geography is an all-encompassing discipline that foremost seeks to understand the Earth and all of its human and natural complexities - not merely where objects are, but how they have changed and come to be. Geography has been called \"the world discipline\" and \"the bridge between the human and the physical science\". Geography is divided into two main branches: human geography and physical geography.
/m/0gkkf	Jesus College is a constituent college of the University of Cambridge, England. The College's full name is \"The College of the Blessed Virgin Mary, Saint John the Evangelist and the glorious Virgin Saint Radegund, near Cambridge\". Its common name comes from the name of its Chapel, Jesus Chapel.\nThe college was established between 1496 and 1516, on the site of the twelfth-century Benedictine nunnery of St Mary and St Radegund by John Alcock, then Bishop of Ely. The cockerel is a symbol of Jesus College, after the surname of its founder, Alcock.\nThe College is also known for its grounds, which are unlike those of Cambridge’s other old colleges, being much more spacious. Set back from Jesus Lane, all the courts are open on at least one side. The main entrance to the College is a walled passage, called the \"Chimney\".\nIan White, van Eck Professor of Engineering in the University, has been Master of Jesus since 2011. He was preceded by Robert Mair.\nJesus College has assets of approximately £243m making it Cambridge’s third wealthiest college and one of the richest per head.
/m/0gt3p	Raymond William Stacey Burr was a Canadian actor, primarily known for his title roles in the television dramas Perry Mason and Ironside.\nHis early acting career included roles on Broadway, radio, television and in film, usually as the villain. He won two Emmy Awards in 1959 and 1961 for the role of Perry Mason, which he played for nine seasons between 1957 and 1966. His second hit series, Ironside, earned him six Emmy nominations, and two Golden Globe nominations. He is also widely known for his role as the antagonist in Rear Window.\nIn addition to acting, Burr owned an orchid business and had begun to grow a vineyard. He was a collector of wines and art, and was very fond of cooking. He was also a dedicated seashell collector whose financial support and gift of cowries and cones from Fiji helped to create the Bailey-Matthews Shell Museum in Sanibel, Florida.\nAfter Burr's death from cancer in 1993, his personal life came into question as details of his known biography appeared to be unverifiable.\nRaymond Burr was ranked #44 on TV Guide's 50 Greatest TV Stars of All Time in 1996. Raymond Burr is also the actor with the most dedicated Netflix micro-genres.
/m/01gjd0	The First Indochina War began in French Indochina on 19 December 1946 and lasted until 1 August 1954. Fighting between French forces and their Viet Minh opponents in the South dates from September 1945. The conflict pitted a range of forces, including the French Union's French Far East Expeditionary Corps, led by France and supported by Emperor Bảo Đại's Vietnamese National Army against the Viet Minh, led by Ho Chi Minh and Vo Nguyen Giap. Most of the fighting took place in Tonkin in Northern Vietnam, although the conflict engulfed the entire country and also extended into the neighboring French Indochina protectorates of Laos and Cambodia.\nFollowing the reoccupation of Indochina by the French following the end of World War II, the area having fallen to the Japanese, the Viet Minh launched a rebellion against the French authority governing the colonies of French Indochina. The first few years of the war involved a low-level rural insurgency against French authority. However, after the Chinese communists reached the Northern border of Vietnam in 1949, the conflict turned into a conventional war between two armies equipped with modern weapons supplied by the United States and the Soviet Union. French Union forces included colonial troops from the whole former empire, French professional troops and units of the French Foreign Legion. The use of metropolitan recruits was forbidden by the government to prevent the war from becoming even more unpopular at home. It was called the \"dirty war\" by supporters of the Left intellectuals in France during the Henri Martin affair in 1950.
/m/0170xl	Gods and Monsters is a 1998 British-American drama film that recounts the last days of the life of troubled film director James Whale, whose homosexuality is a central theme. It stars Ian McKellen as Whale, along with Brendan Fraser, Lynn Redgrave, Lolita Davidovich, and David Dukes. The movie was directed and written by Bill Condon from Christopher Bram's novel Father of Frankenstein. It was executive produced by British horror novelist Clive Barker.\nThe film won the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay, and was nominated for Best Actor in a Leading Role and Best Actress in a Supporting Role.\nThe film features reconstructions of the filming of Bride of Frankenstein, a movie Whale directed. The title comes from a line in Bride of Frankenstein, in which the character Dr. Pretorius toasts Dr. Frankenstein, \"To a new world of gods and monsters.\"
/m/024rwx	Justice League is an American animated television series which ran from 2001 to 2004 on Cartoon Network. It is part of the DC animated universe. The show was produced by Warner Bros. Animation. It is based on the Justice League of America and associated comic book characters published by DC Comics. After the second season, the series was renamed Justice League Unlimited, and aired for an additional three seasons.
/m/01y28x	The Most Distinguished Order of Saint Michael and Saint George is an order of chivalry founded on 28 April 1818 by George, Prince Regent, later King George IV, while he was acting as Prince Regent for his father, King George III.\nIt is named in honour of two military saints, St Michael and St George.\nThe Order of St Michael and St George is awarded to men and women who render extraordinary or important non-military service in a foreign country. It can also be conferred for important or loyal service in relation to foreign and Commonwealth affairs.
/m/0cnk2q	The Australia national association football team represents Australia in international men's association football. The team is controlled by the governing body for association football in Australia, Football Federation Australia, which is currently a member of the Asian Football Confederation and the regional ASEAN Football Federation since leaving the Oceania Football Confederation in 2006. The team's official nickname is the Socceroos.\nAustralia is a four-time OFC champion and AFC National Team of the Year for 2006. The team has represented Australia at the FIFA World Cup tournaments on three occasions, in 1974, 2006 and 2010, and will do so again at the 2014 FIFA World Cup. The team has also represented Australia at the FIFA Confederations Cup tournaments on three occasions.
/m/04w7rn	The Golden Compass is a 2007 fantasy-adventure film based on Northern Lights, the first novel in Philip Pullman's trilogy His Dark Materials. Directed by Chris Weitz, it stars Dakota Blue Richards, Daniel Craig, Eva Green, Tom Courtenay, Christopher Lee, Nicole Kidman and Sam Elliot. The project was announced in February 2002, following the success of recent adaptations of other fantasy epics, but troubles over the script and the selection of a director caused significant delays. At US$180 million, it was one of New Line Cinema's most expensive projects ever, and its middling success in the US contributed to New Line's February 2008 restructuring.\nThe story depicts the adventures of Lyra Belacqua, an orphan living in a parallel universe on a world that looks much like our own. In Lyra's world, a dogmatic ruling power called the Magisterium is conspiring to end tolerance and free inquiry. Poor, orphan, and Gyptian children are disappearing at the hands of a group the children call the Gobblers. Lyra discovers that Mrs. Coulter is running the Gobblers. Rescued by the Gyptians, Lyra joins them on a trip to the far north in search of the missing children.\nBefore its release, the film received criticism from secularist organisations and fans of His Dark Materials for the dilution of the anti-religious elements from the novels, as well as from some religious organisations for the source material's anti-Catholic themes. The studio ordered significant changes late in post-production, which Weitz later called a \"terrible\" experience. Although the film's visual effects won both a BAFTA and an Academy Award, critical reception was mixed.
/m/01bbwp	Keith Philip George Allen is a Welsh-born English actor, comedian, musician, singer-songwriter, artist, author and television presenter. He is the father of singer Lily Allen and actor Alfie Allen.
/m/0cjyzs	The Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Comedy Series is an Emmy Award given to the best television comedy series of the year.
/m/06mj4	Red Hot Chili Peppers are an American rock band formed in Los Angeles in 1983. The group's musical style primarily consists of rock with an emphasis on funk, as well as elements from other genres such as punk rock and psychedelic rock. When played live, they incorporate many aspects of jam band due to the improvised nature of much of their performances. Currently, the band consists of founding members Anthony Kiedis and Michael \"Flea\" Balzary, longtime drummer Chad Smith, and guitarist Josh Klinghoffer, who joined in late 2009, following the departure of John Frusciante. Red Hot Chili Peppers have won seven Grammy Awards, and have become one of the best-selling bands of all time, selling over 80 million records worldwide. In 2012, they were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. The band's original line-up featured guitarist Hillel Slovak and drummer Jack Irons, alongside Kiedis and Flea.\nBecause of commitments to other bands, Slovak and Irons did not play on the band's debut album, The Red Hot Chili Peppers. Cliff Martinez was the drummer for the first two records, and guitarist Jack Sherman played on the first. Slovak performed on the second and third albums by the band, Freaky Styley and The Uplift Mofo Party Plan; he died of a heroin overdose in 1988. As a result of the death of his friend, drummer Irons chose to depart from the group. Parliament-Funkadelic guitarist DeWayne McKnight was brought in to replace Slovak though his tenure was short and he was replaced by John Frusciante in 1988. Former Dead Kennedys drummer D.H. Peligro was brought in to replace Irons though after a short tenure with the band he was out and replaced by Chad Smith that same year. The line-up of Flea, Kiedis, Frusciante and Smith was the longest-lasting, and recorded five studio albums starting with 1989's Mother's Milk. In 1990, the group signed with Warner Bros. Records and recorded under producer Rick Rubin the album Blood Sugar Sex Magik, which became the band's first commercial success. Frusciante grew uncomfortable with the success of the band and left abruptly in 1992, in the middle of the world tour.
/m/05gsd2	Calcio Padova is an Italian football club, based in Padua, Veneto. The club was founded in 1910. Padova currently plays in Serie B, having last been in Serie A in 1996. The team's official colours are white and red.\nSome famous players who played for Padova are Kurt Hamrin, Walter Zenga, Angelo Di Livio, Alessandro Del Piero, Vincenzo Iaquinta, Demetrio Albertini, Goran Vlaović, Alexi Lalas, Giuseppe Galderisi, and Lazio legend Tommaso Rocchi.
/m/068qh	A public limited company is a type of public company under United Kingdom company law, some Commonwealth jurisdictions, and the Republic of Ireland. It is a limited company whose shares may be freely sold and traded to the public, with a minimum share capital of £50,000 and the letters PLC after its name. Similar companies in the United States are called publicly traded companies.\nA PLC can be either an unlisted or listed company on the stock exchanges. In the United Kingdom, a public limited company usually must include the words \"public limited company\" or the abbreviation \"PLC\" or \"plc\" at the end and as part of the legal company name. Welsh companies may instead choose to end their names with ccc, an abbreviation for cwmni cyfyngedig cyhoeddus. However, some public limited companies incorporated under special legislation are exempted from bearing any of the identifying suffixes.
/m/0299ct	Women's studies, also known as feminist studies, is an interdisciplinary academic field that explores politics, society, media, and history from women's and/or feminist perspectives. Popular methodologies within the field of women's studies include standpoint theory, intersectionality, multiculturalism, transnational feminism, autoethnography, and reading practices associated with critical theory, post-structuralism, and queer theory. The field researches and critiques societal norms of gender, race, class, sexuality, and other social inequalities. It is closely related to the broader field of gender studies.
/m/03mkk4	A Master of Fine Arts is a graduate degree typically requiring 2–3 years of postgraduate study beyond the bachelor's degree, although the term of study will vary by country or by university. The MFA is a creative degree usually awarded as a terminal degree in visual arts, creative writing, graphic design, photography, filmmaking, dance, theatre, other performing arts, as well as some theatre management and arts administration degrees. Coursework is primarily of an applied or performing nature with the program often culminating in a major work or performance.\nMaster of Fine Arts programs have generally required a bachelor's degree prior to admission, but many do not require that the undergraduate major be the same as the MFA field of study. The most important admissions requirement has often been a sample portfolio or a performance audition.\nThe Master of Fine Arts differs from the Master of Arts in that the MFA, while an academic program, centers around practice in the particular field, whereas programs leading to the MA usually center on the scholarly, academic, or critical study of the field. Additionally, in the United States, an MFA is recognized as a terminal degree for practitioners of Visual Art, Design, Dance, Photography, Theatre, Film/Video, New Media, and Creative Writing - meaning that it is considered to be the highest degree in its field, and is used as a minimum qualification to be able to apply to become a Full-Time Professor teaching at the University level in these disciplines. There are exceptions to this standard in the Arts, notably in the case of music performance, where the MFA is not seen as a terminal degree in the context of the more standardized DMA degree.
/m/08q3s0	Jack Bender is an American television and film director, actor, television producer and writer. He was an executive producer and lead director on the ABC television series Lost, directed a number of episodes for the show, including the series finale. Bender has also directed on other popular shows such as The Sopranos, Carnivàle, Alias and Boston Public. He has recently signed to direct Syfy's new pilot Alphas.\nAs an actor, Bender has guest starred on All in the Family, The Bob Newhart Show and The Mary Tyler Moore Show. He has co-starred in The Million Dollar Duck, Savage and McNaughton's Daughter.
/m/034qzw	Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy, or simply Anchorman, is a 2004 comedy film directed by Adam McKay, produced by Judd Apatow, starring Will Ferrell, and written by McKay and Ferrell. The film is a tongue-in-cheek take on the culture of the 1970s, particularly the new Action News format. It portrays a San Diego TV station where Ferrell's title character clashes with his new female counterpart. This film is number 100 on Bravo's 100 funniest movies, and 113 on Empire's 500 Greatest Movies of All Time.\nThe film made $28.4 million in its opening weekend, and $90.6 million worldwide in its total theatrical run. A companion film assembled from outtakes and abandoned subplots, titled Wake Up, Ron Burgundy: The Lost Movie, was released straight-to-DVD in late 2004.\nA sequel, Anchorman 2: The Legend Continues, was released on December 18, 2013.
/m/05d6kv	Magnolia Pictures is an American film distributor, and is a holding of 2929 Entertainment, owned by Todd Wagner and Mark Cuban. Magnolia was formed in 2001 by Bill Banowsky and Eamonn Bowles, and specializes in both foreign and independent films. Magnolia also has a genre films label named Magnet Releasing, which mainly distributes foreign action films. In April 2011, Cuban placed Magnolia up for sale, but stated that he wouldn't sell the company unless the offer was \"very, very compelling.\"
/m/01d_4t	Kemal Amin \"Casey\" Kasem is a former American radio personality and voice actor, known for being the host of the nationally syndicated Top 40 countdown show American Top 40 and for playing the character Shaggy in the Saturday morning cartoon franchise Scooby-Doo.\nKasem, Don Bustany and Ron Jacobs founded the American Top 40 franchise in 1970, hosting it from July 4, 1970 to August 6, 1988; and from March 28, 1998 to January 3, 2004. Between January 1989 and early 1998, he was the host of Casey's Top 40, Casey's Hot 20, and Casey's Countdown. Also beginning in 1998 Kasem hosted two adult contemporary spinoffs of American Top 40, American Top 20 and American Top 10. Kasem retired from AT20 and AT10 on July 4, 2009 and both shows ended on that day.\nIn addition to his radio shows, Kasem has provided the voice of many commercials; has done many voices for Sesame Street; was the voice of NBC; helps out with the annual Jerry Lewis telethon; and provided the cartoon voices of Robin in Super Friends, Mark on Battle of the Planets, and a number of characters for the Transformers cartoon series of the 1980s. In 2008, he was the voice of Out of Sight Retro Night which aired on WGN America, but was replaced by rival Rick Dees. After 40 years, Casey retired from his role of voicing Shaggy in 2009, although he did voice Shaggy's father in the 2010 TV series, Scooby-Doo! Mystery Incorporated. Kasem's daughter Kerri Kasem has followed in her father's footsteps by hosting the nationally syndicated Sixx Sense and The Sideshow Countdown for Clear Channel Communications, among other shows.
/m/020mfr	The video game industry is the economic sector involved with the development, marketing and sales of video games. It encompasses dozens of job disciplines and employs thousands of people worldwide.
/m/0sxlb	Prizzi's Honor is a 1985 American film directed by John Huston. It stars Jack Nicholson, Kathleen Turner, Robert Loggia and, in an Academy Award-winning performance, Anjelica Huston.\nThe film was adapted by Richard Condon and Janet Roach from Condon's 1982 novel of the same name. Its score, composed by Alex North, adapts the music of Giacomo Puccini and Gioachino Rossini.
/m/0175zz	Dream pop is a musical subgenre of pop rock and alternative rock.
/m/0ddd0gc	Downton Abbey is a British period drama television series created by Julian Fellowes and co-produced by Carnival Films and Masterpiece. It first aired on ITV in the United Kingdom and Ireland on 26 September 2010 and on PBS in the United States on 9 January 2011 as part of the Masterpiece Classic anthology. Four series have been made so far; a fifth is planned for 2014.\nThe series, set in the fictional Yorkshire country estate of Downton Abbey, depicts the lives of the aristocratic Crawley family and their servants in the post-Edwardian era—with the great events in history having an effect on their lives and on the British social hierarchy. Such events depicted throughout the series include news of the sinking of the RMS Titanic in the first series; the outbreak of the First World War, the Spanish influenza pandemic, and the Marconi scandal in the second series; the Interwar period and the formation of the Irish Free State in the third series; and the Teapot Dome scandal in the fourth series.\nDownton Abbey has received critical acclaim from television critics and won numerous accolades, including a Golden Globe Award for Best Miniseries or Television Film and a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Miniseries or Movie. It was recognised by Guinness World Records as the most critically acclaimed English-language television series of 2011. It earned the most nominations of any international television series in the history of the Primetime Emmy Awards, with twenty-seven in total. It was the most watched television series on both ITV and PBS, and subsequently became the most successful British costume drama series since the 1981 television serial of Brideshead Revisited. By the third series, it had become one of the most widely watched television drama shows in the world.
/m/07bch9	Scottish Americans or Scots Americans are Americans whose ancestry originates wholly or partly in Scotland. Scottish Americans are closely related to Scotch-Irish Americans, descendants of Ulster Scots, and communities emphasize and celebrate a common heritage. The majority of Scotch-Irish originally came from Lowland Scotland and Northern England before migrating to the province of Ulster in Ireland and thence, beginning about five generations later, to North America in large numbers during the eighteenth century.\nIn the 2009 US Community Census Survey, 6.85 million Americans self-identified as having solely Scottish ancestry. 27.5 million Americans reported Scottish ancestry either alone, or in combination with another nationality. Although the northern states have a healthy population of Scottish-Americans, the majority of those claiming Scottish descent reside in southern states such as North Carolina, South Carolina, Texas, Kentucky, and Tennessee.
/m/05nn4k	John Andrew Davis is an American film producer and founder of Davis Entertainment.
/m/01pwz	Christopher Columbus was an Italian explorer, navigator, and colonizer, born in the Republic of Genoa (Italy). Under the auspices of the Catholic Monarchs of Spain, he completed four voyages across the Atlantic Ocean that led to general European awareness of the American continents. Those voyages, and his efforts to establish permanent settlements on the island of Hispaniola, initiated the Spanish colonization of the New World.\nIn the context of emerging western imperialism and economic competition between European kingdoms seeking wealth through the establishment of trade routes and colonies, Columbus' speculative proposal, to reach the East Indies by sailing westward, eventually received the support of the Spanish crown, which saw in it a chance to gain the upper hand over rival powers in the contest for the lucrative spice trade with Asia. During his first voyage in 1492, instead of reaching Japan as he had intended, Columbus landed in the Bahamas archipelago, at a locale he named San Salvador. Over the course of three more voyages, Columbus visited the Greater and Lesser Antilles, as well as the Caribbean coast of Venezuela and Central America, claiming them for the Spanish Empire.
/m/07cz2	The Matrix is a 1999 American–Australian science fiction action film written and directed by The Wachowski Brothers, starring Keanu Reeves, Laurence Fishburne, Carrie-Anne Moss, Hugo Weaving, and Joe Pantoliano. It depicts a dystopian future in which reality as perceived by most humans is actually a simulated reality called \"the Matrix\", created by sentient machines to subdue the human population, while their bodies' heat and electrical activity are used as an energy source. Computer programmer \"Neo\" learns this truth and is drawn into a rebellion against the machines, which involves other people who have been freed from the \"dream world\".\nThe Matrix is known for popularizing a visual effect known as \"bullet time\", in which the heightened perception of certain characters is represented by allowing the action within a shot to progress in slow-motion while the camera's viewpoint appears to move through the scene at normal speed. The film is an example of the cyberpunk science fiction genre. It contains numerous references to philosophical and religious ideas, and prominently pays homage to works such as Plato's Allegory of the Cave, Jean Baudrillard's Simulacra and Simulation and Lewis Carroll's Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. The Wachowskis' approach to action scenes drew upon their admiration for Japanese animation and martial arts films, and the film's use of fight choreographers and wire fu techniques from Hong Kong action cinema was influential upon subsequent Hollywood action film productions.
/m/02vxq9m	Skyfall is the twenty-third James Bond film produced by Eon Productions. It was distributed by MGM and Sony Pictures Entertainment. It features Daniel Craig in his third performance as James Bond, and Javier Bardem as Raoul Silva, the film's antagonist. The film was directed by Sam Mendes and written by Neal Purvis, Robert Wade and John Logan.\nThe film centres on Bond investigating an attack on MI6; the attack is part of a plot by former MI6 operative Raoul Silva to humiliate, discredit and kill M as revenge against her for betraying him. The film sees the return of two recurring characters to the series after an absence of two films: Q, played by Ben Whishaw, and Eve Moneypenny, played by Naomie Harris. Skyfall is the last film of the series for Judi Dench, who played M, a role that she had played in the previous six films. The position is subsequently filled by Ralph Fiennes' character, Gareth Mallory.\nMendes was approached to direct the film after the release of Quantum of Solace in 2008. Development was suspended when MGM encountered financial troubles and did not resume until December 2010; during this time, Mendes remained attached to the project as a consultant. The original screenwriter, Peter Morgan, left the project during the suspension. When production resumed, Logan, Purvis, and Wade continued writing what became the final version of the script. Filming began in November 2011 and primarily took place in the United Kingdom, with smaller portions shot in China and Turkey.
/m/01whg97	Iggy Pop is an American singer-songwriter, musician, and actor. Iggy's music has encompassed a number of styles over the years, including pop, hard rock, jazz and blues. Pop became known as 'Iggy' in high school, during which time he served as drummer for local blues band The Iguanas. He is vocalist of influential protopunk band The Stooges, having become known, since the late 1960s, for his outrageous and unpredictable stage antics.\nThough his popularity has fluctuated through the years, many of Pop's songs have become well-known, including \"Lust for Life\", \"The Passenger\", \"Real Wild Child\", \"Candy\", \"China Girl\", \"Nightclubbing\", \"Search and Destroy\" and \"I Wanna Be Your Dog\".\nIn 2010, The Stooges were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
/m/0cvkv5	Volver is a 2006 Spanish drama film written and directed by Pedro Almodóvar. Headed by actress Penélope Cruz, the film features an ensemble cast also starring Carmen Maura, Lola Dueñas, Blanca Portillo, Yohana Cobo, and Chus Lampreave. Revolving around an eccentric family of women from a wind-swept region south of Madrid, Cruz plays Raimunda, a working-class woman forced to go to great lengths to protect her 14-year-old daughter Paula. To top off the family crisis, her mother Irene comes back from the dead to tie up loose ends.\nThe plot originates in Almodóvar's earlier film The Flower of My Secret, where it features as a novel which is rejected for publication but is stolen to form the screenplay of a film named The Freezer. Drawing inspiration from the Italian neorealism of the late 1940s to early 1950s and the work of pioneering directors such as Federico Fellini, Luchino Visconti, and Pier Paolo Pasolini, Volver addresses themes like sexual abuse, loneliness and death, mixing the genres of farce, tragedy, melodrama, and magic realism. Set in the La Mancha region, Almodovar's place of birth, the filmmaker cited his upbringing as a major influence on many aspects of the plot and the characters.
/m/0tct_	Danville is a Class 3 city in Boyle County, Kentucky, in the United States. It is the seat of its county. The population was 16,218 at the 2010 census. Danville is the principal city of the Danville Micropolitan Statistical Area, which includes all of Boyle and Lincoln counties.\nIn 2001, Danville received a Great American Main Street Award from the National Trust for Historic Preservation. In 2011, Money magazine placed Danville as the fourth-best place to retire in the United States. Danville has recently been twice chosen to host U.S. Vice-Presidential debates, in 2000 and in 2012.
/m/0nk1p	Symbolism was a late nineteenth-century art movement of French, Russian and Belgian origin in poetry and other arts. In literature, the style had its beginnings with the publication Les Fleurs du mal by Charles Baudelaire. The works of Edgar Allan Poe, which Baudelaire admired greatly and translated into French, were a significant influence and the source of many stock tropes and images. The aesthetic was developed by Stéphane Mallarmé and Paul Verlaine during the 1860s and '70s. In the 1880s, the aesthetic was articulated by a series of manifestos and attracted a generation of writers. The name \"symbolist\" itself was first applied by the critic Jean Moréas, who invented the term to distinguish the symbolists from the related decadents of literature and of art.\nDistinct from, but related to, the style of literature, symbolism of art is related to the gothic component of Romanticism.
/m/04cj79	Closer is a 2004 romantic drama film written by Patrick Marber, based on his award-winning 1997 play of the same name. The movie was produced and directed by Mike Nichols and stars Julia Roberts, Jude Law, Natalie Portman and Clive Owen. The film, like the play on which it is based, has been seen by some as a modern and tragic version of Mozart's opera Così fan tutte, with references to that opera in both the plot and the soundtrack. Owen starred in the play as Dan, the role assumed by Law in the film.\nThe film was recognized with a number of awards and nominations, including Oscar nominations and Golden Globe wins for both Portman and Owen for their performances in supporting roles.
/m/0785v8	John Hawkes is an American film and television actor. He is known for his portrayal of the merchant Sol Star on the HBO series Deadwood, Dustin Powers on Eastbound & Down, Academy Award-nominated performance as the menacing backwoods meth addict Teardrop in Winter's Bone and his Golden Globe and Screen Actors Guild Award nominated portrayal of Mark O'Brien in The Sessions.
/m/01nczg	Joan Alexandra Molinsky, known by her stage name Joan Rivers, is an American television personality, comedian, writer, film director, and actress. She is known for her ribald, depreciative style. Rivers' comic style relies heavily on her ability to poke fun at herself and other Hollywood celebrities. Her long career spanning five decades has led to her becoming known as a comedy legend and icon, often being referred to as \"The Queen of Comedy\".
/m/0bc1yhb	Iron Man 3 is a 2013 American superhero film featuring the Marvel Comics character Iron Man, produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. It is the sequel to 2008's Iron Man and 2010's Iron Man 2, and the seventh installment in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, being the first major release in the franchise since the crossover film The Avengers. Shane Black directed a screenplay he co-wrote with Drew Pearce, which uses concepts from the \"Extremis\" story arc by Warren Ellis. The film stars Robert Downey, Jr., Gwyneth Paltrow, Don Cheadle, Guy Pearce, Rebecca Hall, Stephanie Szostak, James Badge Dale, Jon Favreau, and Ben Kingsley. In Iron Man 3, Tony Stark tries to recover from posttraumatic stress disorder caused by the events of The Avengers, while investigating a terrorist organization led by the mysterious Mandarin.\nAfter the release of Iron Man 2 in May 2010, Favreau decided not to return as director, and in February 2011 Black was hired to write and direct the film. Black and Drew Pearce opted to make the script more character-centric and focused on thriller elements. Throughout April and May 2012, the film's supporting cast was filled out, with Kingsley, Pearce, and Hall brought in to portray key roles. Filming began on May 23, and lasted through December 17, 2012, primarily at EUE/Screen Gems Studios in Wilmington, North Carolina. Additional shooting took place at various locations around North Carolina, as well as Florida, China and Los Angeles. The visual effects were handled by 17 companies, including Scanline VFX, Digital Domain, and Weta Digital. It was converted to 3D in post-production.
/m/062qg	Perth is the state capital and largest city of the Australian state of Western Australia. It is the fourth most populous city in Australia, with an estimated population of 1.9 million living in Greater Perth. Part of the South West Land Division of Western Australia, the majority of the metropolitan area of Perth is located on the Swan Coastal Plain, a narrow strip between the Indian Ocean and the Darling Scarp, a low coastal escarpment. The first areas settled were on the Swan River, with the city's central business district and port both located on its shores. Perth is formally divided into a number of local government areas, which themselves consist of a large number of suburbs, extending from Two Rocks in the north to Rockingham in the south, and east inland to The Lakes. Perth is the the most remote substantial city from another major city within its country.\nPerth was originally founded by Captain James Stirling in 1829 as the administrative centre of the Swan River Colony, and gained city status in 1856. The city is named for Perth, Scotland, by influence of Sir George Murray, then British Secretary of State for War and the Colonies. The city's population increased substantially as a result of the Western Australian gold rushes in the late 19th century, largely as a result of emigration from the eastern colonies of Australia. During Australia's involvement in World War II, Fremantle served as a base for submarines operating in the Pacific Theatre, and a US Navy Catalina flying boat fleet was based at Matilda Bay. An influx of immigrants after the war, predominantly from Britain, Greece, Italy and Yugoslavia, led to rapid population growth. This was followed by a surge in economic activity flowing from several mining booms in the late 20th and early 21st centuries that saw Perth become the regional headquarters for a number of large mining operations located around the state.
/m/036v_	Alliance '90/The Greens is a green political party in Germany, formed from the merger of the German Green Party and Alliance 90 in 1993. Its leaders are Simone Peter and Cem Özdemir. In the 2013 federal elections, the party won 8.4% of the votes and 63 out of 630 seats in the Bundestag.
/m/0ft18	Casablanca is a 1942 American romantic drama film directed by Michael Curtiz and based on Murray Burnett and Joan Alison's un-produced stage play Everybody Comes to Rick's. The film stars Humphrey Bogart, Ingrid Bergman, and Paul Henreid; and features Claude Rains, Conrad Veidt, Sydney Greenstreet, Peter Lorre, and Dooley Wilson. Set during World War II, it focuses on a man torn between, in the words of one character, \"love and virtue\". He must choose between his love for a woman and helping her Czech Resistance leader husband escape the Vichy-controlled Moroccan city of Casablanca to continue his fight against the Nazis.\nStory editor Irene Diamond convinced producer Hal Wallis to purchase the film rights to the play in January 1942. Brothers Julius J. and Philip G. Epstein were initially assigned to write the script. However, despite studio resistance, they left after the attack on Pearl Harbor to work on Frank Capra's Why We Fight series. Howard Koch was assigned to the screenplay until the Epsteins returned. Casey Robinson assisted with three weeks of rewrites, but his work would later go uncredited. Wallis chose Curtiz to direct the film after his first choice, William Wyler, became unavailable. Filming began on May 25, 1942, and ended on August 3, and was shot entirely at Warner Bros. Studios in Burbank, with the exception of one sequence at Van Nuys Airport in Van Nuys.
/m/06dkzt	Akiva J. Goldsman from Manhattan, New York is an American film and television writer, director, and producer.\nHe received an Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay for the 2001 film, A Beautiful Mind, which also won the Oscar for Best Picture.\nGoldsman has been involved specifically with Hollywood films. His filmography also includes the films Batman Forever and its sequel Batman & Robin, I Am Legend and Cinderella Man and numerous rewrites both credited and uncredited. In 2006 Goldsman re-teamed with A Beautiful Mind director Ron Howard for a high profile project, adapting Dan Brown's novel The Da Vinci Code for Howard's much-anticipated film version, receiving mixed reviews for his work.
/m/01xmxj	Yeovil Town Football Club is an English football club based in the town of Yeovil, Somerset. It is the only Somerset-based club in the Football League, competing in the Championship, the second tier of English football. This was achieved after winning the play-off final on 19 May 2013 against Brentford having previously won the League Two championship in 2004–05. Founded in 1895, Yeovil took 108 years to enter the Football League when they were promoted from the Football Conference as champions in 2003.\nYeovil have been one of the most successful non-league teams in the FA Cup – having defeated major Football League teams, most famously Sunderland in the 4th Round in 1949, going on to play in front of more than 81,000 against Manchester United at Maine Road. Since entering the Football League FA Cup results have deteriorated having only reached the 3rd Round twice including, in 2004, against Liverpool for which the club released a record prior to the tie sold only in shops in the town, \"Yeovil True\" reached #36 in the UK Singles Chart. The only other successful performance since then was in 2005 when they reached the 4th Round, drawn away against then Premier League side Charlton Athletic where they narrowly lost 3–2.
/m/04wlh	Mozambique, officially the Republic of Mozambique, is a country in Southeast Africa bordered by the Indian Ocean to the east, Tanzania to the north, Malawi and Zambia to the northwest, Zimbabwe to the west, and Swaziland and South Africa to the southwest. It is separated from Madagascar by the Mozambique Channel to the east. The capital and largest city is Maputo.\nBetween the 1st and 5th centuries AD, Bantu-speaking peoples migrated from farther north and west. Swahili, and later also Arab, commercial ports existed along the coasts until the arrival of Europeans. The area was explored by Vasco da Gama in 1498 and colonized by Portugal from 1505. After over four centuries of Portuguese rule, Mozambique gained independence in 1975, becoming the People's Republic of Mozambique shortly thereafter. After only two years of independence, the country descended into an intense and protracted civil war lasting from 1977 to 1992. In 1994, Mozambique held its first multiparty elections and has remained a relatively stable presidential republic since.\nMozambique is endowed with rich and extensive natural resources. The country's economy is based largely on agriculture, but with industry, mainly food and beverages, chemical manufacturing, aluminium and petroleum production, is growing. The country's tourism sector is also growing. South Africa is Mozambique's main trading partner and source of foreign direct investment. Portugal, Brazil, Spain and Belgium are also among the country's most important economic partners. Since 2001, Mozambique's annual average GDP growth has been among the world's highest. However, the country ranks among the lowest in GDP per capita, human development, measures of inequality, and average life expectancy.
/m/09d28z	The New York Film Critics Circle Award for Best Picture is an award given by the New York Film Critics Circle, honoring the finest achievements in filmmaking.
/m/01x42h	Greater Sudbury is a city in Ontario, Canada, which was created following the discovery of nickel ore by Tom Flanagan, a Canadian Pacific Railway blacksmith in 1883, when the transcontinental railway was near completion. In 2001, by merging the cities and towns of the former Regional Municipality of Sudbury with several previously unincorporated geographic townships, Greater Sudbury was formed. It is the largest city in Northern Ontario by population and the 24th largest metropolitan area in Canada. By land area, it is the largest city in Ontario and the seventh largest municipality by area in Canada. Sudbury, as it is commonly known, is administratively separate and thus not part of any district, county, or regional municipality.\nSudbury has a humid continental climate with warm and often hot summers and long, cold, snowy winters. The population resides in an urban core and many smaller communities scattered around 300 lakes and among hills of rock blackened by historical mining activity. Sudbury was once a major lumber centre and a world leader in nickel mining. Mining and related industries dominated the economy for much of the 20th century. The two major mining companies which shaped the history of Sudbury were Inco, now Vale, which employed more than 25% of the population by the 1970s, and Falconbridge, now Glencore Xstrata. Sudbury has since expanded from its resource-based economy to emerge as the major retail, economic, health and educational centre for Northeastern Ontario. Sudbury is also home to a large Franco-Ontarian population, which influences its arts and culture.
/m/0f6lx	Charlie Parker appeared in the 2012 documentary film The Imposter.
/m/07_m9_	Adolf Hitler was an Austrian-born German politician and the leader of the Nazi Party. He was chancellor of Germany from 1933 to 1945 and dictator of Nazi Germany from 1934 to 1945. Hitler was at the centre of Nazi Germany, World War II in Europe, and the Holocaust.\nHitler was a decorated veteran of World War I. He joined the German Workers' Party in 1919, and became leader of the NSDAP in 1921. In 1923, he attempted a coup d'état in Munich, known as the Beer Hall Putsch. The failed coup resulted in Hitler's imprisonment, during which time he wrote his memoir, Mein Kampf. After his release in 1924, Hitler gained popular support by attacking the Treaty of Versailles and promoting Pan-Germanism, antisemitism, and anti-communism with charismatic oratory and Nazi propaganda. After his appointment as chancellor in 1933, he transformed the Weimar Republic into the Third Reich, a single-party dictatorship based on the totalitarian and autocratic ideology of Nazism.\nHitler's aim was to establish a New Order of absolute Nazi German hegemony in continental Europe. To this end, his foreign and domestic policies had the aim of seizing Lebensraum for the Germanic people. He directed the rearmament of Germany and the invasion of Poland by the Wehrmacht in September 1939, resulting in the outbreak of World War II in Europe. Under Hitler's rule, in 1941 German forces and their European allies occupied most of Europe and North Africa. In June 1941, Hitler ordered an invasion of the Soviet Union. Although initially successful, the Russian campaign turned disastrous. By 1943, Germany was forced onto the defensive and suffered a series of escalating defeats. In the final days of the war, during the Battle of Berlin in 1945, Hitler married his long-time lover, Eva Braun. On 30 April 1945, less than two days later, the two committed suicide to avoid capture by the Red Army, and their corpses were burned.
/m/02rrfzf	Spy Kids is a 2001 American science fantasy family adventure film written and directed by Robert Rodriguez. It is the first installment in the Spy Kids series. Alexa Vega and Daryl Sabara played the lead roles while Antonio Banderas, Carla Gugino, Alan Cumming, Teri Hatcher, Cheech Marin, Danny Trejo, Robert Patrick and Tony Shalhoub appeared in supporting roles. The film was released in the United States on March 30, 2001 and on VHS and DVD on September 28, 2001.\nUpon release, Spy Kids received positive reviews from critics and became a commercial success by grossing over $147 million worldwide.
/m/01drsx	A disaster film is a film genre that has an impending or ongoing disaster as its subject and primary plot device. Such disasters include natural disasters such as earthquakes or asteroid collisions, accidents such as shipwrecks or airplane crashes, or calamities like worldwide disease pandemics. The films usually feature some degree of build-up, the disaster itself and sometimes the aftermath, usually from the point of view of specific individual characters or their families.\nThese films often feature large casts of actors and multiple plotlines, focusing on the characters' attempts to avert, escape or cope with the disaster and its aftermath. The genre came to particular prominence during the 1970s with the release of high-profile films such as Airport, followed in quick succession by The Poseidon Adventure, Earthquake and The Towering Inferno.\nThe casts were generally made up of familiar character actors. Once the disaster begins in the film, the characters are usually confronted with human weaknesses, often falling in love and nearly almost always finding a villain to blame. The genre experienced a renewal in the 1990s boosted by Computer-generated imagery and large studio budgets which allowed for more focus on the destruction, and less on the human drama, as seen in films like 1998's Armageddon and Deep Impact. Nevertheless, the films usually feature a persevering hero or heroine called upon to lead the struggle against the threat. In many cases, the 'evil' or 'selfish' individuals are the first to succumb to the conflagration.
/m/01z747	A multiplayer video game is a video game in which more than one person can play in the same game environment at the same time. Video games are often single-player activities, pitting the player against preprogrammed challenges or AI-controlled opponents. Multiplayer games allow players interaction with other individuals in partnership, competition or rivalry, providing them with social communication absent from single-player games. In multiplayer games, players may compete against two human contestants, work cooperatively with a human partner to achieve a common goal, supervise other players' activity or engage in a combination of activities. Examples of multiplayer games include deathmatch and team deathmatch, MMORPG versions of PVP and Team PvE games, capture the flag, domination, co-op and objective-based modes assaulting a control point. Multiplayer games typically require players to share the resources of a single game system or use networking technology to play together over a greater distance.
/m/0148nj	Oi! is a subgenre of punk rock that originated in the United Kingdom in the late 1970s. The music and its associated subculture had the goal of bringing together punks, skinheads and other working-class youth.\nThe Oi! movement was partly a response to the perception that many participants in the early punk rock scene were, in the words of The Business guitarist Steve Kent, “trendy university people using long words, trying to be artistic...and losing touch”. André Schlesinger, singer of The Press, said, “Oi shares many similarities with folk music, besides its often simple musical structure; quaint in some respects and crude in others, not to mention brutally honest, it usually tells a story based in truth.”
/m/04ych	Missouri is a U.S. state located in the Midwestern United States. Missouri is the 21st most extensive and the 18th most populous of the 50 United States. Missouri comprises 114 counties and the independent city of St. Louis.\nThe four largest urban areas are St. Louis, Kansas City, Springfield, and Columbia. Missouri's capital is Jefferson City. The land that is now Missouri was acquired from France as part of the Louisiana Purchase and became known as the Missouri Territory. Part of the Territory was admitted into the union as the 24th state on August 10, 1821.\nMissouri's geography is highly varied. The northern part of the state lies in dissected till plains while the southern part lies in the Ozark Mountains, with the Missouri River dividing the two. The state lies at the intersection of the three greatest rivers of North America, with the confluence of the Mississippi and Missouri Rivers near St. Louis, and the confluence of the Ohio River with the Mississippi north of the Bootheel. The starting points of the Pony Express and Oregon Trail were both in Missouri. The mean center of United States population as of the 2010 Census is at the town of Plato in Texas County.
/m/04r_8	Microsoft Windows is a series of graphical interface operating systems developed, marketed, and sold by Microsoft.\nMicrosoft introduced an operating environment named Windows on November 20, 1985 as a graphical operating system shell for MS-DOS in response to the growing interest in graphical user interfaces. Microsoft Windows came to dominate the world's personal computer market with over 90% market share, overtaking Mac OS, which had been introduced in 1984.\nAs of October 2013, the most recent versions of Windows for personal computers, smartphones, server computers and embedded devices are respectively Windows 8.1, Windows Phone 8, Windows Server 2012 R2 and Windows Embedded 8.
/m/05jphn	The Newfoundland Time Zone is a geographic region that keeps time by subtracting 3½ hours from Coordinated Universal Time during standard time, resulting in UTC−03:30; or subtracting 2½ hours during daylight saving time. The clock time in this zone is based on the mean solar time of the meridian 52 degrees and 30 arcminutes west of the Greenwich Observatory.
/m/05ztjjw	This is a following list of the MTV Movie Award winners and nominees for Best Movie. In 2012, it was renamed to Movie of the Year. The Twilight Saga films won in four consecutive years along with Best Kiss.
/m/084l5	The Washington Redskins are a professional American football team located in the Washington, D.C., metropolitan area. The team belongs to the East Division of the National Football Conference in the National Football League. The team's home stadium is FedExField in Landover, Maryland. Its headquarters and training facility are at Redskins Park in Ashburn, Virginia, and the newly built Redskins Complex in Richmond, Virginia, respectively. The Redskins have played more than 1,000 games since 1932. The Redskins have won five NFL Championships. The franchise has captured 13 NFL divisional titles and six NFL conference championships.\nThe Redskins won the 1937 and 1942 Championship games, as well as Super Bowls XVII, XXII, and XXVI. They also played in, and lost, the 1936, 1940, 1943, and 1945 Championship games, as well as Super Bowls VII and XVIII. They have made 22 postseason appearances, and have an overall postseason record of 23 wins and 17 losses. The Redskins' three Super Bowl wins are tied with the Oakland/Los Angeles Raiders, and New England Patriots.\nAll of the Redskins' league titles were attained during two 10-year spans. From 1936 to 1945, the Redskins went to the NFL Championship six times, winning two of them. The second period lasted between 1982 and 1991 where the Redskins appeared in the postseason seven times, captured four Conference titles, and won three Super Bowls out of four appearances. The Redskins have also experienced failure in their history. The most notable period of failure was from 1946 to 1970, during which the Redskins did not have a single postseason appearance. During this period, the Redskins went without a single winning season between 1956 and 1968. In 1961, the franchise posted their worst regular season record with a 1–12–1 showing. Since 1992, the Redskins have made only four postseason appearances and had five seasons with a winning record.
/m/0g_rs_	Boaz Davidson is an Israeli film director, producer and screenwriter. He was born in Tel Aviv, Israel and studied film in London.\nDavidson started his career by directing the television show Lool and the movie Shablul. Later he directed Israeli cult films such as Charlie Ve'hetzi and Hagiga B'Snuker. In 1974 he directed the film Mishpahat Tzan'ani. He directed the first four films in the Eskimo Limon series
/m/02yxbc	The Contender is a 2000 political drama film written and directed by Rod Lurie. It stars Gary Oldman, Joan Allen, Jeff Bridges and Christian Slater. The film focuses on a fictional United States President and the events surrounding his appointment of a new Vice President.
/m/024t0y	Mark Cuban is an American businessman and investor. He is the owner of the National Basketball Association's Dallas Mavericks, Landmark Theatres, and Magnolia Pictures, and the chairman of the HDTV cable network AXS TV. He is also a \"shark\" investor on the television series Shark Tank. In 2011 Cuban wrote an e-book, How to Win at the Sport of Business, in which he chronicles his life experiences in business and sports.
/m/01h6pn	In the Second World War, the Battle of France, also known as the Fall of France, was the successful German invasion of France and the Low Countries, beginning on 10 May 1940, defeating primarily French forces. The battle consisted of two main operations. In the first, Fall Gelb, German armoured units pushed through the Ardennes to cut off and surround the Allied units that had advanced into Belgium. When British and adjacent French forces were pushed back to the sea by the highly mobile and well organised German operation, the British government decided to evacuate the British Expeditionary Force as well as several French divisions at Dunkirk in Operation Dynamo.\nAfter the withdrawal of the BEF, Germany launched a second operation, Fall Rot, which was commenced on 5 June. While the depleted French forces put up stiff initial resistance, German air superiority and armoured mobility overwhelmed the remaining French forces. German armour outflanked the Maginot Line and pushed deep into France with German forces arriving in an undefended Paris on 14 June. This caused a chaotic period of flight for the French government and effectively ended organized French military resistance. German commanders finally met with French officials on June 18 with the goal of the new French government being an armistice with Germany. Chief among the new government leaders was Marshal Philippe Pétain, newly appointed Prime Minister and one of the supporters of seeking an armistice with Germany.
/m/03w6sj	The Western Desert Campaign, or the Desert War, took place in the Western Desert of Egypt and Libya and was one of the two major stages of fighting in the North African Campaign during the Second World War. Following the British defeats in Greece and Crete during the Balkan Campaign, the Western Desert was a significant avenue for Churchill and the British army to continue the fight against Germany, and therefore was central to the war effort. For Adolf Hitler and a German military committed to waging a war in the vastness of Russia on the Eastern Front, the war in the desert was a holding action of minor importance. The German command never committed the resources necessary to achieve a victory. Only when the issue was nearly settled did it assume real significance in the mind of the German leader.\nThe Western Desert Campaign was a back-and-forth struggle which began in September 1940 with the Italian invasion of Egypt. Italian forces in Libya advanced upon British and Commonwealth forces, who were stationed in Egypt to protect British interests there. The Italians halted to bring up supplies, and the British counterattacked. What started as a five-day raid in December 1940 turned into a major offensive operation, resulting in the destruction of an Italian army. With his holdings in Africa threatened, Benito Mussolini pled with Hitler to provide a contingent of ground and air forces to prevent a total collapse. This was done when a small unit was dispatched from Italy to Tripoli, the first of a number of units that were transferred to Africa under the command of Erwin Rommel. Though all Axis forces in Africa were nominally under Italian command, Germany was the dominant partner in the pairing.
/m/0yw93	Sandusky is a city in the U.S. state of Ohio and the county seat of Erie County. Situated in northern Ohio on the shores of Lake Erie, Sandusky is midway between Toledo to the west and Cleveland to the east.\nAccording to 2010 census, the city had a population of 25,793, and the Sandusky, Ohio Metropolitan Statistical Area had 77,079 residents.\nIn 2011, Sandusky was ranked No. 1 by Forbes.com as the \"Best Place to Live Cheaply\" in the United States. The city has a median family income of $64,000.\nSandusky is home to the Cedar Fair Entertainment Company and its flagship amusement park, Cedar Point. Cedar Point has one of the largest collections of roller coasters in the world.\nThe National Arbor Day Foundation has designated Sandusky a Tree City USA.
/m/02py4c8	Angels in America is a 2003 HBO miniseries adapted from the Pulitzer Prize-winning play of the same name by Tony Kushner. Kushner adapted his original text for the screen, and Mike Nichols directed. Set in 1985, the film revolves around six disparate New Yorkers whose lives intersect. At its core, it has the fantastical story of Prior Walter, a gay man dying of AIDS who is visited by an angel. The film explores a wide variety of themes, including Reagan era politics, the spreading AIDS epidemic, and a rapidly changing social and political climate.\nHBO broadcast the film in various formats: two 3-hour chunks that correspond to \"Millennium Approaches\" and \"Perestroika\", as well as six 1-hour \"chapters\" that roughly correspond to an act or two of each of these plays; the first three chapters were initially broadcast on December 7, 2003 to international acclaim, with the final three chapters following.\nAngels in America was the most-watched made-for-cable film in 2003, garnering much critical acclaim and multiple Golden Globe and Emmy awards, among other numerous accolades. In 2006, Seattle Times listed the series amongst \"Best of the filmed AIDS portrayals\" on the occasion of the 25th anniversary of AIDS.
/m/01f9mq	James Wesley Marsters is an American actor and musician. Marsters first came to the attention of the general public playing the popular character Spike, a platinum-blond yobbish English vampire in the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer and its spin-off series, Angel, from 1997 to 2004. Since then, he has gone on to play other science fiction roles, such as the alien supervillain Brainiac on the Superman-inspired series Smallville, the omnisexual time traveller Captain John Hart in British science-fiction show Torchwood, and terrorist Barnabas Greeley in Syfy's Caprica. Marsters appeared in a supporting role in the 2007 movie P.S. I Love You. He appeared as a recurring character in the first season of the revival of Hawaii Five-0.
/m/046k81	San Juan Jabloteh Football Club was a football club located in San Juan, Trinidad and Tobago that formally played in the country's TT Pro League. The team played its home games in Hasely Crawford Stadium in Mucurapo, Trinidad.\nOn Monday 2 July 2012, the club formally resigned from the TT Pro League as they could no longer afford to pay player's wages. The team now fields youth teams only, having formally withdrawn from the Trinidad and Tobago League system.
/m/01jzxy	Art history is the study of objects of art in their historical development and stylistic contexts, i.e. genre, design, format, and style. This includes the \"major\" arts of painting, sculpture, and architecture as well as the \"minor\" arts of ceramics, furniture, and other decorative objects.\nAs a term, art history encompasses several methods of studying the visual arts; in common usage referring to works of art and architecture. Aspects of the discipline overlap. As the art historian Ernst Gombrich once observed, \"the field of art history [is] much like Caesar's Gaul, divided in three parts inhabited by three different, though not necessarily hostile tribes: the connoisseurs, the critics, and the academic art historians\".\nAs a discipline, art history is distinguished from art criticism, which is concerned with establishing a relative artistic value upon individual works with respect to others of comparable style, or sanctioning an entire style or movement; and art theory or \"philosophy of art\", which is concerned with the fundamental nature of art. One branch of this area of study is aesthetics, which includes investigating the enigma of the sublime and determining the essence of beauty. Technically, art history is not these things, because the art historian uses historical method to answer the questions: How did the artist come to create the work?, Who were the patrons?, Who were his or her teachers?, Who was the audience?, Who were his or her disciples?, What historical forces shaped the artist's oeuvre, and How did he or she and the creation, in turn, affect the course of artistic, political, and social events? It is, however, questionable whether many questions of this kind can be answered satisfactorily without also considering basic questions about the nature of art. Unfortunately the current disciplinary gap between art history and the philosophy of art often hinders this.
/m/02jxrw	Frida is a 2002 Miramax/Ventanarosa biopic which depicts the professional and private life of the surrealist Mexican painter Frida Kahlo. It stars Salma Hayek in her Academy Award nominated portrayal as Kahlo and Alfred Molina as her husband, Diego Rivera.\nThe movie was adapted by Clancy Sigal, Diane Lake, Gregory Nava and Anna Thomas from the book Frida: A Biography of Frida Kahlo by Hayden Herrera. It was directed by Julie Taymor. It won two Academy Awards for Best Makeup and Best Original Score.
/m/0bmfpc	UK garage is a genre of electronic music originating from England in the early 1990s. UK garage is a descendant of house music which originated in Chicago, Detroit, New Jersey and New York. The genre usually features a distinctive syncopated 4/4 percussive rhythm with 'shuffling' hi-hats and beat-skipping kick drums. Garage tracks also commonly feature 'chopped up' and time-shifted or pitch-shifted vocal samples complementing the underlying rhythmic structure. UK garage was largely subsumed into other styles of music and production in the mid-2000s, including dubstep, bassline and grime. The decline of UK garage during the mid-2000s saw the birth of UK funky, which is closely related.
/m/01jqr_5	Paul Leroy Robeson was an African-American singer and actor who became involved with the Civil Rights Movement. At Rutgers University, he was an outstanding football player, then had an international career in singing, as well as acting in theater and movies. He became politically involved in response to the Spanish Civil War, fascism, and social injustices. His advocacy of anti-imperialism, affiliation with communism, and his criticism of the US government caused him to be blacklisted during McCarthyism. Ill health forced him into retirement from his career. He remained an advocate of the unpopular political stances he took until his death.\nRobeson won an academic scholarship to Rutgers University, where he became a football All-American and the class valedictorian. He received his LL.B. from Columbia Law School, while playing in the National Football League. At Columbia, he sang and acted in off-campus productions and, after graduating, he became a participant in the Harlem Renaissance with performances in The Emperor Jones and All God's Chillun Got Wings. Robeson initiated his international artistic résumé with a theatrical role in Great Britain, settling in London for the next several years with his wife Essie.
/m/0jxy	Anime are Japanese animated productions usually featuring hand-drawn or computer animation. The word is the abbreviated pronunciation of \"animation\" in Japanese, where this term references all animation, but in other languages, the term is defined as animation from Japan or as a Japanese-disseminated animation style often characterized by colorful graphics, vibrant characters and fantastic themes. Arguably, the stylization approach to the meaning may open up the possibility of anime produced in countries other than Japan. For simplicity, many Westerners strictly view anime as an animation product from Japan.\nThe earliest commercial Japanese animation dates to 1917, and production of anime works in Japan has since continued to increase steadily. The characteristic anime art style emerged in the 1960s with the works of Osamu Tezuka and spread internationally in the late twentieth century, developing a large domestic and international audience. Anime is distributed theatrically, by television broadcasts, directly to home media, and over the internet and is classified into numerous genres targeting diverse broad and niche audiences.\nAnime is a diverse art form with distinctive production methods and techniques that have been adapted over time in response to emergent technologies. The production of anime focuses less on the animation of movement and more on the realism of settings as well as the use of camera effects, including panning, zooming and angle shots. Diverse art styles are used and character proportions and features can be quite varied, including characteristically large emotive or realistically sized eyes.
/m/057pq5	Koninklijke Atletiek Associatie Gent, often simply known as Ghent or by their nickname De Buffalo's, is a Belgian football, track and field and field hockey club, based in the city of Ghent, East Flanders. They have been playing in the Belgian Pro League since the 1989–90 season. Their best league result is a second place in 1954–55 and in 2009–10. They have won three Belgian Cups. Gent played their home matches in the Jules Ottenstadion in Gentbrugge from 1920 until 2013, when they moved to the Ghelamco Arena. They play in blue and white. The principal sponsor is the financial institution VDK Holland.\nThe field hockey and track and field divisions were founded in 1864, making it one of the oldest sporting clubs in Belgium. The club was then known under their French name La Gantoise. They changed their name to the present Dutch version in 1971. The football division opened in 1900. The nickname of the club is De Buffalo's, a term coined after a visit of the original Buffalo Bill and his Wild West circus to the city in the early 20th century. Gent enjoyed a first spell at the highest level in Belgian football between 1913–14 and 1928–29, and a second one from 1936–37 to 1966–67. In the 1970s and 1980s, the club had several promotions and relegations between the first and second divisions, to come back at the highest level in 1989. The club reached the 1991-92 UEFA Cup quarter-finals, which is their best achievement in European competitions.
/m/02fvv	Dundee, officially the City of Dundee, is the fourth-largest city in Scotland. It lies within the eastern central Lowlands on the north bank of the Firth of Tay, which feeds into the North Sea. Under the name of Dundee City, it forms one of the 32 council areas used for local government in Scotland.\nThe town developed into a burgh in Medieval times, and expanded rapidly in the 19th century largely due to the jute industry. This, along with its other major industries gave Dundee its epithet as the city of \"jute, jam and journalism\".\nIn mid-2012, the population of the City of Dundee was estimated to be 156,561. Dundee's recorded population reached a peak of 182,204 at the time of the 1971 census, but has since declined.\nToday, Dundee is promoted as 'One City, Many Discoveries' in honour of Dundee's history of scientific activities and of the RRS Discovery, Robert Falcon Scott's Antarctic exploration vessel, which was built in Dundee and is now berthed in the city harbour. Biomedical and technological industries have arrived since the 1980s, and the city now accounts for 10% of the United Kingdom's digital-entertainment industry. Dundee has two universities—the University of Dundee and the University of Abertay Dundee. A £1 billion master plan to regenerate and to reconnect the Waterfront to the city centre which started in 2001 is expected to be completed within a 30-year period, with the Dundee Victoria & Albert Museum opening by 2015, at a cost of £45 million. It is to be built on a plot vacated by the soon-to-be-demolished leisure baths with its grounds extending up to the R.R.S. Discovery.
/m/0g_g2	Bon Jovi is an American rock band from Sayreville, New Jersey. Formed in 1983, Bon Jovi consists of lead singer and namesake Jon Bon Jovi, guitarist Richie Sambora, David Bryan, and drummer Tico Torres. The band's lineup has remained mostly static during its history, the only exception being the 1994 dismissal of bass player Alec John Such, who was unofficially replaced by Hugh McDonald. In 1986, Bon Jovi achieved widespread global recognition with their third album, Slippery When Wet. The band's fourth album, New Jersey was equally successful in 1988. After touring and recording non-stop during the late 1980s, the band went on hiatus following the New Jersey Tour in 1990, during which time Jon Bon Jovi and Richie Sambora both released successful solo albums. In 1992, the band returned with the album Keep the Faith. Their 2000 single \"It's My Life\", which followed a second hiatus, successfully introduced the band to a younger audience. Bon Jovi have been known to use different styles in their music, which has included country for their 2007 album Lost Highway. On March 12, 2013, Bon Jovi released their 12th studio album, What About Now.\nThus far, Bon Jovi has released 12 studio albums, plus three compilations and two live albums. They are one of the world’s best-selling bands of all time, having sold more than 130 million records worldwide, and performed more than 2,700 concerts in over 50 countries for more than 34 million fans. Bon Jovi was inducted into the UK Music Hall of Fame in 2006. The band was also honored with the Award of Merit at the American Music Awards in 2004, and as songwriters and collaborators, Jon Bon Jovi and Richie Sambora were inducted into Songwriters Hall of Fame in 2009.
/m/0jdtt	Marseille, known in antiquity as Masalia, Massalia or Massilia is the second largest city in France, after Paris, with a population of 853,000 within its administrative limits on a land area of 240.62 km². It is the third largest urban area and metropolitan area after Paris and Lyon with a population of around 1.6 million.\nMarseille was historically the most important trade center in the region and functioned as the main trade port of the French Empire. Marseille is France's largest city on the Mediterranean coast and largest commercial port. Marseille is the capital of the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region, as well as the capital of the Bouches-du-Rhône department. Its inhabitants are called Marseillais in French and Marselhés in Occitan.
/m/01qscs	Benicio Monserrate Rafael del Toro Sánchez, better known as Benicio del Toro is a Puerto Rican actor and film producer. He won an Academy Award, a Golden Globe Award, a Screen Actors Guild Award, and a BAFTA Award for his role as Javier Rodríguez in Traffic. He is also known for his roles as Fred Fenster in The Usual Suspects, Dr. Gonzo in Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, Franky Four Fingers in Snatch, Jackie Boy in Sin City, and Che Guevara in Che, a performance which garnered him the Best Actor Award both at the Cannes Film Festival in France, and at the Goya Awards in Spain. He portrayed The Collector in the Marvel Studios films Thor: The Dark World, and the upcoming Guardians of the Galaxy. He is the third Puerto Rican to win an Academy Award.
/m/01swck	John Michael Turturro is an Italian-American actor, writer and director known for his roles in the films Do the Right Thing, Miller's Crossing, Barton Fink, Quiz Show, The Big Lebowski, O Brother, Where Art Thou? and the Transformers film series. He has appeared in over sixty films, and has worked frequently with the Coen brothers, Adam Sandler and Spike Lee.
/m/07rhpg	Lesley Sharp is an English stage, film and television actress, particularly well known for her variety of British television roles including Clocking Off, Bob & Rose and afterlife.
/m/0170k0	Batman: The Animated Series is an American animated television series based on the DC Comics superhero Batman. The series was produced by Warner Bros. Animation and originally aired on the Fox Network from September 5, 1992 to September 15, 1995. The visual style of the series, dubbed \"Dark Deco,\" was based on the film noir artwork of producer and artist Bruce Timm. The series was widely praised for its thematic complexity, dark tone, artistic quality, and faithfulness to its title character's crime-fighting origins. The series also won four Emmy Awards, including Outstanding Animated Program.\nWhen the first season of the series aired on weekday afternoons, it lacked an on-screen title in the opening theme sequence. When the series' timeslot was moved to weekends during its second season, it was given the on-screen title The Adventures of Batman & Robin. The series was the first in the continuity of the shared DC animated universe, and spawned the theatrical film Batman: Mask of the Phantasm. In 2013, TV Guide ranked Batman the Animated Series the seventh Greatest TV Cartoon of All Time.
/m/029pnn	Thomas Duane \"Tom\" Arnold is an American actor and comedian. He has appeared in many films, perhaps most notably True Lies. He was the host of The Best Damn Sports Show Period for four years.
/m/0h99n	Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder is a psychiatric disorder of the neurodevelopmental type in which there are significant problems of attention, hyperactivity, or acting impulsively that are not appropriate for a person's age. These symptoms must begin by age six to twelve and be present for more than six months for a diagnosis to be made. In school-aged individuals the lack of focus may result in poor school performance.\nDespite being the most commonly studied and diagnosed psychiatric disorder in children and adolescents, the cause in the majority of cases is unknown. It affects about 6–7% of children when diagnosed via the DSM-IV criteria and 1–2% when diagnosed via the ICD-10 criteria. Rates are similar between countries and depend mostly on how it is diagnosed. ADHD is diagnosed approximately three times more frequent in boys than in girls. About 30–50% of people diagnosed in childhood continue to have symptoms into adulthood and between 2–5% of adults have the condition. The condition can be difficult to tell apart from other disorders as well as that of high normal activity.\nADHD management usually involves some combination of counseling, lifestyle changes, and medications. Medications are only recommended as a first-line treatment in children who have severe symptoms and may be considered for those with moderate symptoms who either refuse or fail to improve with counseling. Long term effects of medications are not clear and they are not recommended in preschool-aged children. Adolescents and adults tend to develop coping skills which make up for some or all of their impairments.
/m/06kl0k	Vidya Balan is an Indian actress. She has established a successful career in Hindi films and is the recipient of several awards, including a National Film Award, five Filmfare Awards, and five Screen Awards, and was awarded the Padma Shri by the Government of India in 2014. She is known for portraying strong female protagonists and has been acknowledged in the media for breaking stereotypes of a Hindi film heroine.\nVidya aspired to a career in film from a young age, and had her first acting role in the 1995 sitcom Hum Paanch. She pursued a master's degree in sociology from the University of Mumbai and simultaneously made several unsuccessful attempts to start a career in film. She subsequently featured in various television commercials and music videos, and in 2003 made her feature film debut as the protagonist of the independent Bengali drama Bhalo Theko. In 2005 Vidya garnered praise for her first Hindi film, the musical drama Parineeta, and followed it with a leading role in the highly successful 2006 comedy film Lage Raho Munna Bhai. This initial success was followed by roles in the romantic comedies Heyy Babyy and Kismat Konnection which met with negative comments from the critics.
/m/02hvkf	Winchester is a local government district in Hampshire, England, with city status. It covers an area of central Hampshire including the city of Winchester itself, and neighbouring towns and villages including New Alresford, Colden Common and Bishops Waltham.\nThe current city boundaries were set on 1 April 1974 when the City of Winchester merged with Droxford Rural District and part of Winchester Rural District.\nOther than Gosport and Eastleigh, Winchester is the only non Unitary Authority, council District in Hampshire not to border another county and is the only one that neither borders another county nor the coast. The two Unitary Authorities in Hampshire that don't border another county are Portsmouth and Southampton, Portsmouth and Southampton are the only Unitary Authorities in Hampshire.
/m/01fyzy	Robert Michael \"Rob\" Schneider is an American actor, comedian, screenwriter, and director. A stand-up comic and veteran of the NBC sketch comedy series Saturday Night Live, Schneider has gone on to a successful career in feature films, including starring roles in the comedy films Deuce Bigalow: Male Gigolo, The Hot Chick, and Grown Ups.
/m/02jztz	New Mexico State University at Las Cruces, is a major land-grant university in Las Cruces, New Mexico, United States. It is the second largest four-year university in the state of New Mexico, in terms of total enrollment across all campuses as of 2011, with campuses in Alamogordo, Carlsbad, Doña Ana County, and Grants, with extension and research centers across New Mexico.\nIt was founded to teach agriculture in 1888 as the Las Cruces College, and the following year became New Mexico College of Agriculture and Mechanic Arts. It received its present name in 1960. NMSU has 18,497 students enrolled as of Fall 2009, and has a faculty-to-student ratio of about 1 to 19. NMSU offers a wide range of programs and awards associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees through its main campus and four community colleges. NMSU is the only research-extensive, land-grant, USA-Mexico border institution classified as Hispanic serving by the federal government.
/m/01xv77	Daryl Christine Hannah is an American film actress. She is best known for her performances in the films Blade Runner, Splash, Roxanne, Wall Street, Steel Magnolias, and Kill Bill. She is also an environmental campaigner, who has been arrested for protests against developments that are believed by some groups to threaten sustainability.
/m/023zd7	Club Atlético Boca Juniors is an Argentine sports club based in the La Boca neighborhood of Buenos Aires. Although many activities are hosted by the club, Boca Juniors is mostly known for its professional football team, which always played in the Argentine Primera División.\nBoca Juniors is one of the most successful football teams in Argentina, and one of the most successful in the world, having won more than 50 official titles to date, including its most recent championship, the 2011 Copa Argentina. Domestic titles won by Boca Juniors include 24 Primera División championships, two Copa Argentina, two Copa de Competencia Jockey Club, 5 Copa Dr. Carlos Ibarguren and one Copa Estímulo, among other titles. Internationally, the team has won 18 international titles, second in the world for number of confederation titles won shared with A.C. Milan although Boca also won two international titles during the amateur era, the Tie Cup in 1919 and the Copa de Honor Cousenier in 1920, those tournaments created before CONMEBOL was established. Boca Juniors' international trophy haul includes six Copa Libertadores, 4 Recopa Sudamericana, three Intercontinental Cups, 2 Copa Sudamericana, 1 Copa Oro, 1 Supercopa Sudamericana, 1 Supercopa Masters, one Tie Cup and one Copa de Honor Cousenier. Boca Juniors is also one of only eight teams to have won CONMEBOL's treble. Their success usually has Boca ranked among the IFFHS's Club World Ranking Top 25, which they have reached the top position six times. Boca was also named by the IFFHS as the top South American club of the first decade of the 21st century. Boca is currently ranked 6th.
/m/02xp18	Brian Henson is an American puppeteer, director, producer, and the chairman of The Jim Henson Company. The son of puppeteers Jim and Jane Henson, Brian was born in New York City.
/m/0211jt	Keio University, abbreviated as Keio or Keidai, is a Japanese university located in Minato, Tokyo. It is known as the oldest institute of higher education in Japan. Founder Fukuzawa Yukichi originally established it as a school for Western studies in 1858 in Edo. It has eleven campuses in Tokyo and Kanagawa. It has ten faculties: Letters, Economics, Law, Business and Commerce, Medicine, Science and Technology, Policy Management, Environment and Information Studies, Nursing and Medical Care, and Pharmacy.\nThe alumni include Japanese prime ministers and prominent political, administrative, legal, medical and corporate leaders. In particular, alumni of the Faculty of Economics has had significant influence on Japanese business world. Keio ranks third in the world for the number of alumni holding CEO positions in Fortune Global 500 companies. It also ranks 9th in the world in the Times Higher Education's Alma Mater Index. The university is one of the Japanese Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology's thirteen \"Global 30\" Project universities.
/m/0kygv	Cannes is a city located in the French Riviera. It is a busy tourist destination and host of the annual Cannes Film Festival and Cannes Lions International Advertising Festival. It is a commune of France located in the Alpes-Maritimes department.\nThe city is also famous for its luxury shops, restaurants, and hotels. On 3 November 2011 it played host to the G20 organisation of industrialised nations.
/m/01rs41	Private schools, also known as independent schools or nonstate schools, are not administered by local, state or national governments; thus, they retain the right to select their students and are funded in whole or in part by charging their students tuition, rather than relying on mandatory taxation through public funding; at some private schools students may be able to get a scholarship, which makes the cost cheaper, depending on a talent the student may have e.g. sport scholarship, art scholarship, academic scholarship etc.
/m/047fwlg	Gold Coast United FC was a professional soccer club based on the Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia. It was officially announced as an expansion team for the A-League's 2009–2010 season on 28 August 2008. It was the second bid accepted by the league, with an unrelated bid known as Gold Coast Galaxy FC preceding it. The club was owned by Clive Palmer, the wealthiest man in Queensland until the FFA took over the club's A-League license in February 2012.\nIn their first two A-League seasons, Gold Coast were one of the strongest clubs in the A-League, finishing in the top four on both occasions and making the finals series. Although in their third season, the teams form dropped due to off-field instability surrounding player contracts, coaching staff and community support. Since their inception, Gold Coast were criticised about their low attendance. In their first season, they averaged close to 5,500 people and in their second season, they averaged just under 3,300 people per game, making them the lowest attended team. On 29 February 2012, the FFA revoked Clive Palmer's Gold Coast United A-League licence.
/m/0276jmv	David Zayas is a Puerto Rican actor. He is most known for his roles as Angel Batista on Showtime's series Dexter, the cop at the poker game in Rounders, and as Enrique Morales on the HBO prison drama series Oz.
/m/0glt670	Hip hop music, also called hip-hop, rap music, or hip-hop music, is a music genre consisting of a stylized rhythmic music that commonly accompanies rapping, a rhythmic and rhyming speech that is chanted. It developed as part of hip hop culture, a subculture defined by four key stylistic elements: MCing/rapping, DJing/scratching, break dancing, and graffiti writing. Other elements include sampling, and beatboxing.\nWhile often used to refer to rapping, \"hip hop\" more properly denotes the practice of the entire subculture. The term hip hop music is sometimes used synonymously with the term rap music, though rapping is not a required component of hip hop music; the genre may also incorporate other elements of hip hop culture, including DJing and scratching, beatboxing, and instrumental tracks.
/m/05hyf	Nazism, or National Socialism in full, is the ideology and practice associated with the 20th-century German Nazi Party and state as well as other related far-right groups. Usually characterised as a form of fascism that incorporates scientific racism and antisemitism, Nazism originally developed from the influences of pan-Germanism, the Völkisch German nationalist movement and the anti-communist Freikorps paramilitary culture in post-First World War Germany, which many Germans felt had been left humiliated by the Treaty of Versailles.\nGerman Nazism subscribed to theories of racial hierarchy and social Darwinism, asserted the superiority of an Aryan master race, and criticised both capitalism and communism for being associated with Jewish materialism. It aimed to overcome social divisions, with all parts of a racially homogenous society cooperating for national unity and regeneration and to secure territorial enlargement at the expense of supposedly inferior neighbouring nations. The use of the name “National Socialism” arose out of earlier attempts by German right-wing figures to create a nationalist redefinition of “socialism”, as a reactionary alternative to both internationalist Marxist socialism and free market capitalism. This involved the idea of uniting rich and poor Germans for a common national project without eliminating class differences, and promoted the subordination of individuals and groups to the needs of the nation, state and leader. National Socialism rejected the Marxist concept of class struggle, opposed ideas of equality and international solidarity, and sought to defend private property.
/m/0t_3w	Lowell is a city in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, USA. As of 2012, the city's estimated population was 108,522. It is the fourth largest city in the state. Lowell and Cambridge were the county seats of Middlesex County prior to the abolition of county government in 1997.\nLowell is known as the cradle of the Industrial Revolution in the United States, and many of the city's historic sites have been preserved by the National Park Service.
/m/01nd6v	Phillip \"Phil\" LaMarr is an American actor and comedian. He was one of the original cast members on the sketch comedy series MADtv, and has had an extensive voice acting career, with major roles spanning animated series Justice League/Justice League Unlimited, Futurama, Samurai Jack, Static Shock, and Foster's Home For Imaginary Friends, and video games Metal Gear Solid 2 and 4, and Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance, the Jak and Daxter series, Darksiders, Final Fantasy XII, inFAMOUS, Dead Island and the Mercenaries series.
/m/0223xd	The Bancroft Prize is awarded each year by the trustees of Columbia University for books about diplomacy or the history of the Americas. It was established in 1948 by a bequest from Frederic Bancroft. The prize has been generally considered to be among the most prestigious awards in the field of American history writing and comes with a $10,000 stipend. Seventeen winners had their work supported by the National Endowment for the Humanities, and 16 winners were also recipients of the Pulitzer Prize for History.\nThe prize was affected by the post-award controversy involving the scholarship of Michael A. Bellesiles, who received the prize for his work in 2001. Following independent investigations, Columbia University rescinded the prize for the first time.
/m/0qpqn	Scottsdale is a city in the eastern part of Maricopa County, Arizona, United States, adjacent to the Greater Phoenix Area. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, as of 2010 the population of the city was 217,385. The 2013 Population is estimated to be of about 224,000 people living within the city, The New York Times described downtown Scottsdale as \"a desert version of Miami's South Beach\" and as having \"plenty of late night partying and a buzzing hotel scene\". Its slogan is \"The West's Most Western Town\".\nScottsdale, 31 miles long and 11.4 miles wide at its widest point, shares boundaries with many other municipalities and entities. On the west, Scottsdale is bordered by Phoenix, Paradise Valley, and unincorporated Maricopa County land. Carefree is also located along the eastern boundary, as well as sharing Scottsdale's northern boundary with the Tonto National Forest. To the south Scottsdale is bordered by Tempe. The southern boundary is also occupied by the Salt River Pima-Maricopa Indian Community, which also extends along the Eastern boundary, which also borders Fountain Hills, the McDowell Mountain Regional Park and more unincorporated Maricopa County land.
/m/0jm64	The Atlanta Hawks are an American professional basketball team based in Atlanta, Georgia. They are part of the Southeast Division of the Eastern Conference in the National Basketball Association. They play their home games at Philips Arena in Downtown Atlanta.\nTheir origins can be traced to the establishment of the Buffalo Bisons in 1946, a member of the National Basketball League. After 13 games of their inaugural season, the team moved to Moline, Illinois and became the Tri-Cities Blackhawks. In 1949, they joined the National Basketball Association as part of the National Basketball League and the Basketball Association of America merger. In 1951, the team moved to Milwaukee, where they changed their name to the Hawks. The team moved again in 1955 to St. Louis, where they won their only NBA Championship in 1958. The Hawks moved to Atlanta in 1968, where they have been ever since.\nThe Hawks currently own the second-longest run of not winning an NBA title at 54 years. All the franchise's NBA Finals appearances and lone NBA championship took place when the team resided in St. Louis. Meanwhile, since the elimination of first-round byes in 1967, they have not advanced beyond the second round in any playoff format. Much of the failure they've experienced in the postseason can be traced back to their poor history in the NBA draft. Since 1980, the Hawks have drafted only three players who have been chosen to play in an All-Star game. Horford is the only All-Star Hawk to have been drafted since Willis was selected in 1984, and is also the only first-rounder the Hawks selected in their nine-year playoff drought to play in an NBA All-Star Game.
/m/0cgbf	Joan Crawford, born Lucille Fay LeSueur, was an American dancer and stage chorine, who later became a noted, Oscar-winning film and television actress.\nStarting as a dancer in traveling theatrical companies before debuting as a chorine on Broadway, Crawford signed a motion picture contract with Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer in 1925. Initially frustrated by the size and quality of her parts, Crawford began a campaign of self-publicity and became nationally known as a flapper by the end of the 1920s. In the 1930s, Crawford's fame rivaled, and later outlasted, MGM colleagues Norma Shearer and Greta Garbo. Crawford often played hardworking young women who find romance and success. These \"rags-to-riches\" stories were well received by Depression-era audiences and were popular with women. Crawford became one of Hollywood's most prominent movie stars and one of the highest paid women in the United States, but her films began losing money and by the end of the 1930s she was labeled \"Box Office Poison\". But her career gradually improved in the early 1940s, and she made a major comeback in 1945 by starring in Mildred Pierce, for which she won the Academy Award for Best Actress.
/m/01jc9d	Selangor also known by its Arabic honorific, Darul Ehsan, or \"Abode of Sincerity\" is one of the 13 states of Malaysia. It is on the west coast of Peninsular Malaysia and is bordered by Perak to the north, Pahang to the east, Negeri Sembilan to the south and the Strait of Malacca to the west. It surrounds the federal territories of Kuala Lumpur and Putrajaya, both of which were once under Selangor's sovereignty.\nThe state capital is Shah Alam, the first city in Selangor, and the royal capital is Klang. Another major urban center is Petaling Jaya which was awarded city status on June 20, 2006. Selangor is one of only two Malaysian states with more than one city; the other is Sarawak. Selangor has the largest city in Malaysia and it is growing rapidly due to modernization in the Klang Valley.\nThe state of Selangor has the largest economy in Malaysia in terms of gross domestic product with RM 128.815 billion in 2010 making up 23% of the total GDP of Malaysia. This state is also the most developed in Malaysia with good infrastructure such as highways and transport. The state also has the largest population in Malaysia, with a high standard of living and the state's poverty rate is the lowest in the country.
/m/01v9724	Charles John Huffam Dickens was an English writer and social critic. He created some of the world's most memorable fictional characters and is generally regarded as the greatest novelist of the Victorian period. During his life, his works enjoyed unprecedented fame, and by the twentieth century his literary genius was broadly acknowledged by critics and scholars. His novels and short stories continue to be widely popular.\nBorn in Portsmouth, England, Dickens was forced to leave school to work in a factory when his father was thrown into debtors' prison. Although he had little formal education, his early impoverishment drove him to succeed. Over his career he edited a weekly journal for 20 years, wrote 15 novels, five novellas and hundreds of short stories and non-fiction articles, lectured and performed extensively, was an indefatigable letter writer, and campaigned vigorously for children's rights, education, and other social reforms.\nDickens sprang to fame with the 1836 serial publication of The Pickwick Papers. Within a few years he had become an international literary celebrity, famous for his humour, satire, and keen observation of character and society. His novels, most published in monthly or weekly instalments, pioneered the serial publication of narrative fiction, which became the dominant Victorian mode for novel publication. The instalment format allowed Dickens to evaluate his audience's reaction, and he often modified his plot and character development based on such feedback. For example, when his wife's chiropodist expressed distress at the way Miss Mowcher in David Copperfield seemed to reflect her disabilities, Dickens went on to improve the character with positive features. His plots were carefully constructed, and Dickens often wove in elements from topical events into his narratives. Masses of the illiterate poor chipped in ha'pennies to have each new monthly episode read to them, opening up and inspiring a new class of readers.
/m/02wt_x	Multivariable calculus is the extension of calculus in one variable to calculus in more than one variable: the differentiation and integration of functions involving multiple variables, rather than just one.
/m/022769	Judd Asher Nelson is an American actor, screenwriter, and producer. He is best known for his roles as John Bender in The Breakfast Club, Alec Newbary in St. Elmo's Fire, Hot Rod and Rodimus Prime in The Transformers: The Movie and Jack Richmond in Suddenly Susan.
/m/05kjc6	Asociación Deportivo Cali is a Colombian sports club based in Cali, most notable for its football team, also has teams in basketball, volleyball and swimming.\nDeportivo Cali is one of the most successful football teams in Colombia, winning eight national championships.\nThe new stadium, Estadio Deportivo Cali, with a capacity for 55,000, is the second largest football stadium in Colombia and was officially inaugurated on 19 November 2008. Deportivo Cali's old home stadium was Estadio Olímpico Pascual Guerrero, with capacity for 33.130.
/m/02l5rm	Michael Cimino is an American film director, screenwriter, producer and author. He is best known for directing, producing and co-writing the 1978 Academy Award-winning film The Deer Hunter, and for writing and directing 1980s financial failure, Heaven's Gate.
/m/01yrx	The domestic cat is a small, usually furry, domesticated, and carnivorous mammal. It is often called the housecat when kept as an indoor pet, or simply the cat when there is no need to distinguish it from other felids and felines. Cats are often valued by humans for companionship and their ability to hunt vermin and household pests.\nCats are similar in anatomy to the other felids, with strong, flexible bodies, quick reflexes, sharp retractable claws, and teeth adapted to killing small prey. Cat senses fit a crepuscular and predatory ecological niche. Cats can hear sounds too faint or too high in frequency for human ears, such as those made by mice and other small animals. They can see in near darkness. Like most other mammals, cats have poorer color vision and a better sense of smell than humans.\nDespite being solitary hunters, cats are a social species, and cat communication includes the use of a variety of vocalizations as well as cat pheromones and types of cat-specific body language.\nCats have a rapid breeding rate. Under controlled breeding, they can be bred and shown as registered pedigree pets, a hobby known as cat fancy. Failure to control the breeding of pet cats by neutering, and the abandonment of former household pets, has resulted in large numbers of feral cats worldwide, requiring population control.
/m/0n920	Camberwell is a district of south London, England, and forms part of the London Borough of Southwark. It is a built-up inner city district located 2.7 miles southeast of Charing Cross. To the west it has a boundary with the London Borough of Lambeth.
/m/0fzrhn	The 21st Academy Awards features numerous firsts. It was the first time a non-Hollywood production won Best Picture, Hamlet. It was the first time an individual directed himself in an Oscar-winning performance. Director John Huston directs two Oscar-winning performances in the same year for two different films: his father Walter Huston in The Treasure of the Sierra Madre and Claire Trevor for Key Largo. The Huston family won three Oscars that evening. The ceremony was moved from the Shrine Auditorium to the Academy's own theater primarily because the major Hollywood studios had withdrawn their financial support in order to address rumors that they had been trying to influence voters.\nJane Wyman became the first performer since the silent era to win an Oscar for a performance with no lines.\nHumphrey Bogart failed to receive a nomination for Best Actor in The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, which is now considered one of the Academy’s greatest slights.\nThis year introduced the award for Best Costumes presented by Elizabeth Taylor.\nJoan of Arc became the first film to receive 7 nominations without being nominated for Best Picture.\nHamlet became the fourth film to win Best Picture without a screenwriting nomination; the next to do so would be The Sound of Music at the 38th Academy Awards.
/m/01ww_vs	Gary Numan is an English singer, composer, and musician. Most widely known for his chart-topping 1979 hits \"Are 'Friends' Electric?\" and \"Cars\", Numan achieved his peak of mainstream popularity in the late 1970s and early 1980s, but maintains a loyal cult following.\nNuman, whose signature sound consists of heavy synthesizer hooks fed through guitar effects pedals, is considered a pioneer of commercial electronic music.
/m/01xllf	Dan \"Danny\" Trejo is an American actor who has appeared in numerous Hollywood films, often as hypermasculine characters, villains and anti-heroes. Some of his notable films include Heat, Con Air, Machete and Desperado, the latter two with frequent collaborator Robert Rodriguez.
/m/0dhz0	An airliner is an airplane, usually large, used for transporting passengers and cargo. Such aircraft are most often operated by airlines. Although the definition of an airliner can vary from country to country, an airliner is typically defined as an aircraft intended for carrying multiple passengers or cargo in commercial service.
/m/037n3	Ghent is a city and a municipality located in the Flemish region of Belgium. It is the capital and largest city of the East Flanders province. The city started as a settlement at the confluence of the Rivers Scheldt and Lys and in the Middle Ages became one of the largest and richest cities of northern Europe. Today it is a busy city with a port and a university.\nThe municipality comprises the city of Ghent proper and the surrounding towns of Afsnee, Desteldonk, Drongen, Gentbrugge, Ledeberg, Mariakerke, Mendonk, Oostakker, Sint-Amandsberg, Sint-Denijs-Westrem, Sint-Kruis-Winkel, Wondelgem and Zwijnaarde. With 240,191 inhabitants in the beginning of 2009, Ghent is Belgium's second largest municipality by number of inhabitants. The metropolitan area, including the outer commuter zone, covers an area of 1,205 km² and has a total population of 594,582 as of 1 January 2008, which ranks it as the fourth most populous in Belgium. The current mayor of Ghent, Daniël Termont, leads a coalition of the sp.a, Groen and Open VLD.\nThe ten-day-long \"Ghent Festival\" is held every year. About two million visitors attend.
/m/0kj34	Yusuf Islam, commonly known by his former stage name Cat Stevens, is a British singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, humanitarian and education philanthropist. He is a prominent convert to Islam.\nStevens' albums Tea for the Tillerman and Teaser and the Firecat were both certified triple platinum in the US by the RIAA. His 1972 album Catch Bull at Four sold half a million copies in the first two weeks of release alone and was Billboard's number-one LP for three consecutive weeks. He also earned two ASCAP songwriting awards in consecutive years for \"The First Cut Is the Deepest\"; the song has been a hit single for four different artists. Some of his other hit songs include, \"Father and Son\", \"Wild World\", \"Peace Train\", \"Moonshadow\" and \"Morning Has Broken\".\nIn December 1977, Stevens converted to Islam and adopted the name Yusuf Islam the following year. In 1979, he auctioned all his guitars for charity and left his music career to devote himself to educational and philanthropic causes in the Muslim community. He has received several awards for his work in promoting peace in the world, including the 2003 World Award, the 2004 Man for Peace Award, and the 2007 Mediterranean Prize for Peace. Known professionally by the single name Yusuf, in 2006 he returned to pop music with his first album of new pop songs in 28 years, entitled An Other Cup. On 5 May 2009, he released the album Roadsinger. He is to be inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2014.
/m/01gvxh	The 38th Canadian Parliament was in session from October 4, 2004 until November 29, 2005. The membership was set by the 2004 federal election on June 28, 2004, and it changed only somewhat due to resignations and by-elections, but due to the seat distribution, those few changes significantly affected the distribution of power. It was dissolved prior to the 2006 election.\nIt was controlled by a Liberal Party minority under Prime Minister Paul Martin and the 27th Canadian Ministry. The Official Opposition was the Conservative Party, led by Stephen Harper.\nThe Speaker was Peter Milliken. See also List of Canadian federal electoral districts for a list of the ridings in this parliament.\nThere was one session of the 38th Parliament:\nThe parliament was dissolved following a vote of non-confidence passed on 28 November by the opposition Conservatives, supported by the New Democratic Party and Bloc Québécois. Consequently, a federal election was held on 23 January 2006 to choose the next parliament.
/m/01vw20h	Shawn Corey Carter, known by his stage name Jay-Z, is an American rapper, record producer, and entrepreneur. He is one of the most financially successful hip-hop artists and entrepreneurs in America. In 2012, Forbes estimated Carter's net worth at nearly $500 million. He is one of the world's best-selling artists of all time having sold more than 75 million records, while receiving 17 Grammy Awards for his musical work, and numerous additional nominations. Consistently ranked as one of the greatest rappers of all time, he was ranked number one by MTV in their list of The Greatest MCs of All-Time in 2006. Three of his albums, Reasonable Doubt, The Blueprint, and The Black Album, are considered landmarks in the genre with all of them featured in Rolling Stone's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time.\nAs an entrepreneur and investor, Jay-Z co-owns the 40/40 Club, and is the co-creator of the clothing line Rocawear. He is the former president of Def Jam Recordings, co-founder of Roc-A-Fella Records, and the founder of Roc Nation. He also founded the sports agency Roc Nation Sports and is a certified NBA and MLB sports agent. As an artist, he holds the record for most number one albums by a solo artist on the Billboard 200 with 13. Jay-Z also has had four number ones on the Billboard Hot 100, one as lead artist. On December 11, 2009, Jay-Z was ranked as the tenth-most successful artist of the 2000s by Billboard as well as the fifth top solo male artist and fourth top rapper behind Eminem, Nelly, and 50 Cent. He was also ranked the 88th greatest artist of all time by Rolling Stone.
/m/065ky	The Pyrenees, also spelled Pyrénées, is a range of mountains in southwest Europe that forms a natural border between France and Spain. It separates the Iberian Peninsula from the rest of continental Europe, and extends for about 491 km from the Bay of Biscay to the Mediterranean Sea.\nFor the most part, the main crest forms a massive divider between France and Spain, with the tiny country of Andorra sandwiched in between. The Crown of Aragon and the Kingdom of Navarre have historically extended on both sides of the mountain range, with small northern portions now in France and much larger southern parts now in Spain.\nThe demonym for the noun \"Pyrenees\" in English is Pyrenean.
/m/01938t	Susan Hayward was an American actress.\nAfter working as a fashion model in New York, Hayward traveled to Hollywood in 1937 when open auditions were held for the leading role in Gone with the Wind. Although she was not selected, she secured a film contract, and played several small supporting roles over the next few years.\nBy the late 1940s, the quality of her film roles had improved, and she achieved recognition for her dramatic abilities with the first of five Academy Award nominations for Best Actress for her performance as an alcoholic in Smash-Up, the Story of a Woman. Her career continued successfully through the 1950s and she won the Academy Award for Best Actress for her portrayal of death row inmate Barbara Graham in I Want to Live!.\nAfter Hayward's second marriage and subsequent move to Georgia, her film appearances became infrequent, although she continued acting in film and television until 1972. She died in 1975 of brain cancer.
/m/01vfqh	Barton Fink is a 1991 American period film written, directed, produced, and edited by the Coen brothers. Set in 1941, it stars John Turturro in the title role as a young New York City playwright who is hired to write scripts for a film studio in Hollywood, and John Goodman as Charlie, the insurance salesman who lives next door at the run-down Hotel Earle.\nThe Coens wrote the screenplay in three weeks while experiencing difficulty during the writing of Miller's Crossing. Soon after Miller's Crossing was finished, the Coens began filming Barton Fink, which had its premiere at the Cannes Film Festival in May 1991. In a rare sweep, Barton Fink won the Palme d'Or, as well as awards for Best Director and Best Actor. Although it was celebrated almost universally by critics and nominated for three Academy Awards, the film grossed only a little over $6 million at the box office, two-thirds of its estimated budget.\nThe process of writing and the culture of entertainment production are two prominent themes of Barton Fink. The world of Hollywood is contrasted with that of Broadway, and the film analyzes superficial distinctions between high culture and low culture. Other themes in the film include fascism and World War II; slavery and conditions of labor in creative industries; and how intellectuals relate to \"the common man\". Because of its diverse elements, the film has defied efforts at genre classification, being variously referred to as a film noir, a horror film, a Künstlerroman, and a buddy film.
/m/0bmnm	The tin whistle, also called the penny whistle, English flageolet, Scottish penny whistle, tin flageolet, Irish whistle, feadóg stáin and Clarke London Flageolet is a simple, six-holed woodwind instrument. It is a fipple flute, putting it in the same category as the recorder, Native American flute, and other woodwind instruments that meet such criteria. A tin whistle player is called a tin whistler or simply a whistler. The tin whistle is closely associated with Celtic music.
/m/0jm6n	The New Orleans Pelicans are a professional basketball team based in New Orleans, Louisiana. They play in the Southwest Division of the Western Conference of the National Basketball Association. The franchise began play during the 1988–89 NBA season as the Charlotte Hornets, based in Charlotte, North Carolina, where they were located for fourteen seasons. Following the 2001–02 season, the team relocated to New Orleans, becoming the New Orleans Hornets. After three seasons in New Orleans, due to the damage caused by Hurricane Katrina, the franchise temporarily relocated to Oklahoma City, where they spent two seasons officially known as the New Orleans/Oklahoma City Hornets. The Hornets returned to New Orleans full-time for the 2007–08 season. The franchise's name was changed to the \"Pelicans\" at the conclusion of the 2012–13 season. That same offseason, the Hornets name was returned to its original city to be used by the Charlotte Bobcats, effective in the 2014–15 season.\nIn 25 seasons of play the franchise has achieved an overall regular season record of 961–1,023, and has qualified for the post-season 12 times. Their achievements include five playoff series victories and one division title.
/m/0z2gq	Warren is a city in the State of Ohio and is the county seat of Trumbull County. The municipality is located in northeastern Ohio, approximately 14 miles northwest of Youngstown and 15 miles west of the Pennsylvania state line.\nThe population was 41,557 at the 2010 census. Warren is part of the Youngstown-Warren-Boardman, OH-PA Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/03l78j	Florida Atlantic University is a public university located in Boca Raton, Florida with five satellite campuses located in the Florida cities of Dania Beach, Davie, Fort Lauderdale, Jupiter, and in Fort Pierce at the Harbor Branch Oceanographic Institution. FAU belongs to the 12-campus State University System of Florida and serves South Florida, which has a population of more than three million people and spans more than 100 miles of coastline. Florida Atlantic University is classified by the Carnegie Foundation as a research university with high research activity. The university offers more than 180 undergraduate and graduate degree programs within its 10 colleges in addition to its sole professional degree from the College of Medicine. Programs of study span from arts and humanities, the sciences, medicine, nursing, accounting, business, education, public administration, social work, architecture, engineering, computer science, and more.\nFlorida Atlantic opened in 1964 as the first public university in southeast Florida and the first university in the nation to offer only upper-division and graduate level courses. Although initial enrollment was only 867 students, this number increased in 1984 when the university admitted its first lower-division undergraduate students. As of 2012, enrollment has grown to over 30,000 students representing 140 countries, 50 states and the District of Columbia. Since its inception, Florida Atlantic has awarded more than 110,000 degrees to nearly 105,000 alumni worldwide.
/m/0gcf2r	The Primetime Emmy Award is an American accolade bestowed by the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences in recognition of excellence in American primetime television programming. First given in 1949, the award was originally referred to as simply the \"Emmy Awards\" until the first Daytime Emmy Award ceremonies were held in the 1970s, and the word \"primetime\" was added to distinguish between the two.\nThe Primetime Emmys generally air in mid-September, on the Sunday before the official start of the fall television season. They are currently seen in rotation among the four major networks. Because of NBC's coverage of Sunday Night NFL Football beginning in September, when NBC has had the rotation in 2006, 2010, and the upcoming ceremony in 2014, the Emmys move to late August for those years only.\nEmmys are considered the television equivalent to the Academy Awards, Grammy Awards, and Tony Awards.
/m/0f0qfz	Alan Parsons is an English audio engineer, musician, and record producer. He was involved with the production of several significant albums, including The Beatles' Abbey Road and Let It Be, as well as Pink Floyd's The Dark Side of the Moon for which Pink Floyd credit him as an important contributor. Parsons' own group, The Alan Parsons Project, as well as his subsequent solo recordings, have also been successful commercially.
/m/0c0ygc	A stallion is a male horse that has not been gelded. Stallions follow the conformation and phenotype of their breed, but within that standard, the presence of hormones such as testosterone may give stallions a thicker, \"cresty\" neck, as well as a somewhat more muscular physique as compared to female horses, known as mares, and castrated males, called geldings.\nTemperament varies widely based on genetics, and training, but because of their instincts as herd animals, they may be prone to aggressive behavior, particularly toward other stallions, and thus require careful management by knowledgeable handlers. However, with proper training and management, stallions are effective equine athletes at the highest levels of many disciplines, including horse racing, horse shows, and international Olympic competition.\nThe term \"stallion\" dates from the era of Henry VII, who passed a number of laws relating to the breeding and export of horses in an attempt to improve the British stock, under which it was forbidden to allow uncastrated male horses to be turned out in fields or on the commons; they had to be \"kept within bounds and tied in stalls.\" \"Stallion\" is also used to refer to males of other equids, including zebras and donkeys.
/m/027pwzc	The 1985 Major League Baseball season ended with the Kansas City Royals defeating the St. Louis Cardinals in the seventh game of the I-70 World Series. Bret Saberhagen, the regular season Cy Young Award winner, was named MVP of the Series. The National League won the All-Star Game for the second straight year.\nThe League Championship Series playoffs were expanded to a best-of-seven format beginning this year, and both leagues ended up settling their pennant winners in more than five games, with the Royals beating the Toronto Blue Jays in seven games, and the Cardinals beating the Los Angeles Dodgers in six games.
/m/04kj2v	Sir Kenneth Hugo Adam, OBE is a German-born British motion picture production designer most famous for his set designs for the James Bond films of the 1960s and 1970s.
/m/02xj3rw	The Independent Spirit Award for Best First Screenplay is one of the annual awards given by Film Independent, a non-profit organization dedicated to independent film and independent filmmakers.
/m/06c1y	Romania, formerly also spelled Roumania and Rumania, is a country located between Central Europe and Southeastern Europe, bordering the Black Sea. Romania shares a border with Hungary and Serbia to the west, Ukraine and Moldova to the northeast and east, and Bulgaria to the south. At 238,391 square kilometres, Romania is the eighth largest country of the European Union by area, and has the seventh largest population of the European Union with 20,121,641 people. Its capital and largest city is Bucharest – the sixth largest city in the EU.\nThe United Principalities emerged when the territories of Moldavia and Wallachia were united under Prince Alexander Ioan Cuza in 1859. In 1866 Prince Karl of Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen was called to the throne as the Ruling Prince of the Romanian Principate and in 1881 he was finally crowned as King Carol I, the first monarch of the Kingdom of Romania. Independence from the Ottoman Empire was declared on 9 May 1877, and was internationally recognised the following year. At the end of World War I, Transylvania, Bukovina and Bessarabia united with the Kingdom of Romania.
/m/0cfz_z	Rajendra Nath Malhotra was a comedian actor in Nepalese, Indian Hindi and Punjabi films.
/m/0c4hgj	The 40th Academy Awards honored film achievements of 1967. Originally scheduled for 8 April 1968, the awards were postponed to two days later, 10 April 1968, because of the assassination of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr..\nDue to the increasing rarity of black and white feature films, the awards for cinematography, art direction and costume design were combined into single categories rather than a distinction between color and monochrome. The Best Picture nominees were an eclectic group of films reflecting the chaos of their era.\nBob Hope was once again the host of the ceremony. The winner in the Best Picture category was producer Walter Mirisch and director Norman Jewison's thriller/mystery film, In the Heat of the Night.\nThis year's nominations also marked the first time that three different films were nominated for the \"Top Five\" Academy Awards: Best Picture, Director, Actor, Actress and Screenplay. The three films were Bonnie and Clyde, The Graduate and Guess Who's Coming to Dinner.\nThe Graduate is, as of 2013, the last film to win Best Director and nothing else.\nDue to an all-out push by Academy President Gregory Peck, 18 of the 20 acting nominees were present at the ceremony. Only Katharine Hepburn and the late Spencer Tracy, who was nominated posthumously, were missing.
/m/02bj6k	Stanley Tucci is an American actor, writer, film producer and film director. He was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his performance in The Lovely Bones, and won an Emmy Award for his performance in Winchell. He also was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Spoken Word Album for Children, for The One And Only Shrek.
/m/04zkj5	Edward Parker \"Ed\" Helms is an American actor and comedian, known for his work as a correspondent on The Daily Show, Andy Bernard in the U.S. version of The Office and Stuart Price in The Hangover trilogy.
/m/01b1mj	Gonzaga University is a private Roman Catholic university located in Spokane, Washington, United States. Founded in 1887 by the Society of Jesus, it is one of 28 member institutions of the Association of Jesuit Colleges and Universities. It is named for the young Jesuit saint Aloysius Gonzaga. The campus houses 105 buildings across 131 acres of grassland along the Spokane River, in a residential setting half a mile from downtown Spokane.\nThe university was founded by Father Joseph Cataldo, SJ, an Italian-born priest and missionary. He established the Catholic school for local Native Americans whom he served.
/m/026fd	David Paul Cronenberg, OC OOnt FRSC is a Canadian filmmaker, screenwriter and actor. He is one of the principal originators of what is commonly known as the body horror or venereal horror genre. This style of filmmaking explores people's fears of bodily transformation and infection. In his films, the psychological is typically intertwined with the physical. In the first half of his career, he explored these themes mostly through horror and science fiction, although his work has since expanded beyond these genres. He has been called \"the most audacious and challenging narrative director in the English-speaking world.\"
/m/0b_6yv	Neo-psychedelia is music that emulates or is heavily influenced by the psychedelic music of the 1960s. It began to be revived among British post-punk bands of the later 1970s and early 1980s and was taken up by groups including bands of the Paisley Underground and Madchester scenes, as well as occasional interest from mainstream artists and bands into the new millennium.
/m/0_lr1	Greenville is the seat of Greenville County in upstate South Carolina, United States, with a metropolitan population of 842,853 as of 2012 and a combined statistical area population of 1,438,550 as of 2013, according to GSA Business Market Facts. It is the sixth largest municipality and the fastest growing urban area in the state. It is the largest city in the Greenville metropolitan area, and the largest Metropolitan Statistical Area in South Carolina.\nGreenville is the largest city in the Greenville-Spartanburg-Anderson Combined Statistical Area which makes it the largest CSA in the state of South Carolina. The CSA, an 8-county region of northwestern South Carolina, is known as \"The Upstate\". Greenville is located approximately halfway between Atlanta, Georgia and Charlotte, North Carolina along Interstate 85, and its metropolitan area also includes Interstates 185 and 385.\nGreenville has gained recognition in various national publications like CNN Money, listing Greenville as one of the \"Top 10 Fastest Growing Cities in the U.S.\" Bloomberg named Greenville the 3rd Strongest Job Market, 2010; and Forbes named Greenville the 13th Best City for Young Professionals. Additionally, the state of South Carolina has been ranked within the top 10 fastest growing states and economies by the U.S. Commerce Department.
/m/02x8kk	Silvio \"Sal\" Buscema is an American comic book artist, primarily for Marvel Comics, where he enjoyed a ten-year run as artist of The Incredible Hulk. He is the younger brother of comics artist John Buscema.
/m/0c40vxk	Haywire is a 2011 action-thriller film directed by Steven Soderbergh, starring Gina Carano, Michael Fassbender, Ewan McGregor, Bill Paxton, Channing Tatum, Antonio Banderas, and Michael Douglas.
/m/05ldnp	Paul Edward Haggis is a Canadian screenwriter, producer, and director. He spent his early career producing and directing various American and Canadian television network series. Among his achievements are screenwriter and producer credits for consecutive Best Picture winners, 2004's Million Dollar Baby and 2005's Crash, the latter of which he also directed.
/m/016kb7	F. Murray Abraham is an American actor. He became widely known during the 1980s after winning the Academy Award for Best Actor for his role as Antonio Salieri in Amadeus. He has appeared in many roles, both leading and supporting, in films such as The Name of the Rose, Finding Forrester, Inside Llewyn Davis, All the President's Men and Scarface. He is also known for his television and theatre work and is now a regular cast member on the award-winning TV series Homeland.
/m/01vw20_	Robert James Ritchie, known by his stage name Kid Rock, is an American multi-instrumentalist, music producer and actor. He is most popularly known for his first commercial success, the 1998 studio album Devil Without a Cause, which sold 13 million albums worldwide. He is a five time Grammy Award nominee and has sold 25 million albums in the U.S. according to soundscan. The RIAA certified him selling 23.5 million albums. He was Soundscan's number one selling male solo musician of the 2000s, selling 17.6 million albums; he was 17th overall for the decade.\nBorn in Romeo, Michigan, Rock was a rapper and hip hop performer with 5 releases between 1990 and 1997, including a reissue and an EP. After signing a recording contract with Atlantic Records in 1998, he gained commercial success in the rap-rock genre behind the singles \"Bawitdaba\", \"Cowboy\" and \"Only God Knows Why\". After Devil Without a Cause's success in 2000, he released The History of Rock, a compilation of remixed and remastered versions of songs from previous albums as well as the hit rock single, \"American Bad Ass\".\nRock's follow-up records became more rock-, country-, and blues-oriented, starting with 2001's Cocky. His collaboration with Sheryl Crow on the song \"Picture\" was his first country hit and biggest pop hit in the US to date charting at No. 4 on the Hot 100. After 2003's Kid Rock and 2006's Live Trucker sales declined from the previous releases, he then released Rock n Roll Jesus in 2007. The album featured the song \"All Summer Long\", which charted at No. 1 in eight countries across Europe and Australia. In 2010, he released Born Free, which featured an eponymous song that became the political campaign theme of Mitt Romney, the Republican nominee for President of the United States in the 2012 election.
/m/0hx4y	Jurassic Park is a 1993 American science fiction action film directed by Steven Spielberg and the first installment of the Jurassic Park franchise. It is based on the 1990 novel of the same name by Michael Crichton, with a screenplay written by Crichton and David Koepp. It stars Sam Neill, Laura Dern, Jeff Goldblum, Richard Attenborough, Ariana Richards, Joseph Mazzello, Martin Ferrero, Wayne Knight, Samuel L. Jackson and Bob Peck. The film centers on the fictional Isla Nublar, an islet located off Costa Rica's Pacific Coast, where a billionaire philanthropist and a small team of genetic scientists have created a wildlife park of cloned dinosaurs.\nBefore Crichton's book was published, four studios put in bids to acquire the film rights. Spielberg, with the backing of Universal Studios, acquired the rights for $1.5 million before publication in 1990, and Crichton was hired for an additional $500,000 to adapt the novel for the screen. David Koepp wrote the final draft, which left out much of the novel's exposition and violence and made numerous changes to the characters. Filming took place in California and Hawaii between August and November 1992, and post-production rolled until May 1993, being supervised by Spielberg in Poland as he filmed Schindler's List. The dinosaurs were created through groundbreaking computer-generated imagery by Industrial Light & Magic in conjunction with life-sized animatronic dinosaurs built by Stan Winston's team. To showcase the film's sound design, which included a mixture of various animal noises for the dinosaur roars, Spielberg invested in the creation of DTS, a company specializing in digital surround sound formats.
/m/015vgc	Carnatic music or Karnāṭaka Saṃgīta is a system of music commonly associated with the southern part of the Indian subcontinent, with its area roughly confined to four modern states of India: Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Kerala, and Tamil Nadu. It is one of two main sub-genres of Indian classical music that evolved from ancient Hindu traditions; the other sub-genre being Hindustani music, which emerged as a distinct form because of Persian and Islamic influences in North India. The main emphasis in Carnatic music is on vocal music; most compositions are written to be sung, and even when played on instruments, they are meant to be performed in gāyaki style.\nAlthough there are stylistic differences, the basic elements of śruti, swara, rāga, and tala form the foundation of improvisation and composition in both Carnatic and Hindustani music. Although improvisation plays an important role, Carnatic music is mainly sung through compositions, especially the kriti – a form developed between the 14th and 20th centuries by composers such as Purandara Dasa and the Trinity of Carnatic music. Carnatic music is also usually taught and learnt through compositions.
/m/07f_t4	300 is a 2006 American fantasy action film based on the 1998 comic series of the same name by Frank Miller and Lynn Varley. Both are fictionalized retellings of the Battle of Thermopylae within the Persian Wars. The film was directed by Zack Snyder, while Miller served as executive producer and consultant. It was filmed mostly with a super-imposition chroma key technique, to help replicate the imagery of the original comic book.\nThe plot revolves around King Leonidas, who leads 300 Spartans into battle against the Persian \"god-King\" Xerxes and his invading army of more than 300,000 soldiers. As the battle rages, Queen Gorgo attempts to rally support in Sparta for her husband. The story is framed by a voice-over narrative by the Spartan soldier Dilios. Through this narrative technique, various fantastical creatures are introduced, placing 300 within the genre of historical fantasy.\n300 was released in both conventional and IMAX theaters in the United States on March 9, 2007, and on DVD, Blu-ray Disc, and HD DVD on July 31, 2007. The film received mixed to positive reviews, receiving acclaim for its original visuals and style, but criticism for favoring visuals over characterization and its controversial depiction of the ancient Persians in Iran; however, the film was a box office success, grossing over $450 million, with the film's opening being the 24th largest in box office history at the time, and it has since developed a cult following. A sequel, 300: Rise of an Empire, which is based on Miller's unpublished graphic novel prequel Xerxes, will be released in March 2014.
/m/04cygb3	Reliance Entertainment is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Reliance Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group handling its media and entertainment business, across content and distribution platforms.\nThe key content initiative are across Movies, Music, Sports, Gaming, Internet & mobile portals, leading to direct opportunities in delivery across the emerging digital distribution platforms: digital cinema, IPTV, DTH and Mobile TV.
/m/01vb6z	Cameron Bruce Crowe is an American film director, producer and screenwriter. Before moving into the film industry, Crowe was a contributing editor at Rolling Stone magazine, for which he still frequently writes.\nCrowe has made his mark with character-driven, personal films that have been generally hailed as refreshingly original and devoid of cynicism. Michael Walker in The New York Times called Crowe \"something of a cinematic spokesman for the post-baby boom generation\" because his first few films focused on that specific age group, first as high schoolers and then as young adults making their way in the world.\nCrowe's debut screenwriting effort, Fast Times at Ridgemont High, grew out of a book he wrote while posing for one year undercover as a student at Clairemont High School in San Diego, California. Later, he wrote and directed one more high school saga, Say Anything, and then Singles, a story of Seattle twentysomethings that was woven together by a soundtrack centering on that city's burgeoning grunge music scene. Crowe landed his biggest hit, though, with Jerry Maguire. After this, he was given a green light to go ahead with a pet project, the autobiographical effort Almost Famous. Centering on a teenage music journalist on tour with an up-and-coming band, it gave insight to his life as a 15-year-old writer for Rolling Stone. Also in late 1999, Crowe released his second book, Conversations with Billy Wilder, a question and answer session with the legendary director.
/m/0bd2n4	Daniel Jonathan \"Dan\" Stevens is an English actor. He is known for his portrayal of Matthew Crawley on ITV's Downton Abbey from 2010 to 2012.
/m/0dck27	Costume designer Gwen Wakeling was a personal favourite of Cecil B. DeMille. Indeed her first film was his 1927 epic \"The King of Kings\", and she earned an Academy Award for her work on his version of \"Samson and Delilah\" in 1950.\nIn a career spanning over 140 films, she also worked for director John Ford on such films as \"The Prisoner of Shark Island\", \"Drums Along the Mohawk\", \"The Grapes of Wrath\" and \"How Green Was My Valley\", and provided the costumes for most of the Shirley Temple films, such as Little Miss Broadway, in the 1930s. One of her last assignments was creating Barbara Eden's \"Jeannie\" costumes for I Dream Of Jeannie in 1965.\nWakeling was a member of the Bahá'í Faith, and her husband, Henry J. Staudigl, set up an arts endowment in her memory at Bosch Bahá'í School in Santa Cruz to promote artistic endeavors and included a research and resource library.
/m/0bdx29	This is a list of winners of the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series. In early Emmy ceremonies, the supporting categories were not always genre, or even gender, specific. Beginning with the 22nd Emmys supporting actresses in drama have competed alone. However, these dramatic performances often included actresses from miniseries, telefilms, and guest performers competing against main cast competitors. Such instances are marked below.\n# – Indicates a performance in a Miniseries or Telefilm, prior to the category's creation.\n§ – Indicates a performance as a guest performer, prior to the category's creation.
/m/017r2	Bertolt Brecht was a German poet, playwright, theatre director, and Marxist.\nA theatre practitioner of the 20th century, Brecht made contributions to dramaturgy and theatrical production, the latter through the tours undertaken by the Berliner Ensemble – the post-war theatre company operated by Brecht and his wife, long-time collaborator and actress Helene Weigel.
/m/09lbv	A drummer is a musician who plays drums, which includes a drum kit and accessory based hardware which includes an assortment of pedals and standing support mechanisms, marching percussion and/or any musical instrument that is struck within the context of a wide assortment of musical genres. The term percussionist applies to a musician who performs struck musical instruments of numerous diverse shapes, sizes and applications. Most contemporary western ensembles bands for rock, pop, jazz, R&B etc. include a drummer for purposes including but not limited to timekeeping. Most drummers of this particular designation work within the context of a larger contingent that may also include, keyboard and/or guitar, auxiliary percussion and bass. Said ensembles may also include melodic based mallet percussion including but not limited to: vibraphone, marimba and/or xylophone. The rhythm section, being the core metronomic foundation with which other melodic instruments, including voices, may present the harmonic/melodic portion of the material.
/m/03q3sy	Michael Cera is an actor and musician.
/m/01p7yb	Frances Louise McDormand is an American film and stage actress. The wife of director and writer Joel Coen, she starred in some of his films, including her debut in Blood Simple, Raising Arizona, The Man Who Wasn't There, Burn After Reading, and most notably her Academy Award-winning performance as Marge Gunderson in Fargo, in 1996. She won the Tony Award for Best Actress in a Play in 2011 for her performance in Good People as Margie Walsh, and was nominated for the same category in 1988 for her performance in A Streetcar Named Desire.\nMcDormand is also a three-time nominee of the Academy Award For Best Supporting Actress for her performances in Mississippi Burning, Almost Famous, and North Country, and has also been nominated for four Golden Globes, three BAFTA Awards, and an Emmy Award.
/m/0829rj	Robert Chartoff is an American film producer and philanthropist.
/m/039xcr	Thomas John Mitchell was a celebrated American actor. Among his most famous roles in a long career are those of Gerald O'Hara, the father of Scarlett O'Hara in Gone with the Wind, the drunken Doc Boone in John Ford's Stagecoach, and Uncle Billy in It's a Wonderful Life. Mitchell was the first person to win an Oscar, an Emmy, and a Tony Award. Nominated twice for an Oscar, first for The Hurricane, he won the Best Supporting Actor award for Stagecoach; later, he would be nominated three times for an Emmy Award. He was nominated twice, in 1952 and 1953, for his role in the medical drama The Doctor, winning the Lead Actor Drama award in 1953. Nominated again in 1955, for an appearance on a weekly anthology series, he did not win. Mitchell won the Tony for Best Actor in a Musical, in 1953, for his role as Dr Downer in the musical comedy Hazel Flagg, based on the 1937 Paramount comedy film Nothing Sacred, rounding out the Triple Crown of acting awards. In addition to being an actor, he was also a director, playwright and screenwriter.
/m/0mn9x	Petersburg is an independent city in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 32,420. The Bureau of Economic Analysis combines the City of Petersburg with Dinwiddie County for statistical purposes. It is located on the Appomattox River and 23 miles south of the state capital of Richmond. The city's unique industrial past and its location as a transportation hub combined to create wealth for Virginia and the region.\nThe location on the Appomattox River at the fall line early in the history in the Colony of Virginia caused Petersburg to become a strategic place for transportation and commercial activities, as well as the site of Fort Henry. As railroads emerged beginning in the 1830s, it became a major transfer point for both north-south and east-west competitors. The Petersburg Railroad was one of the earliest predecessors of the modern-day CSX Transportation system. Several of the earliest predecessors of the area's other major Class 1 railroad, Norfolk Southern, also met at Petersburg. Both CSX and NS rail systems maintain transportation centers at Petersburg.
/m/02kd0rh	Stearic acid is the saturated fatty acid with an 18-carbon chain and has the IUPAC name octadecanoic acid. It is a waxy solid, and its chemical formula is CH3(CH2)16CO2H. Its name comes from the Greek word στέαρ \"stéar\", which means tallow. The salts and esters of stearic acid are called stearates. Stearic acid is one of the most common saturated fatty acids found in nature following palmitic acid.
/m/01ly8d	The Province of Buenos Aires is the largest and most populous Argentinian province. It takes the name from the city of Buenos Aires, which used to be the provincial capital until it was federalized in 1880. The current capital of the province is the city of La Plata, founded in 1882.\nThe province borders Entre Ríos to the northeast; Santa Fe to the north; Córdoba to the northwest, La Pampa to the west; and Río Negro to south and west; and the City of Buenos Aires to the northeast and Uruguay is just across the Rio de la Plata to the northeast near the Atlantic Ocean. The entire province is part of the Pampas geographical region.\nThe province has a population of about 15.6 million people, or 39% of Argentina's total population. Nearly 10 million people live in Greater Buenos Aires, the metropolitan area surrounding the Autonomous City of Buenos Aires. The area of the province, 307,571 km², makes it the largest in Argentina with around 11% of the country's total area.
/m/01vvy	Achille-Claude Debussy was a French composer. Along with Maurice Ravel, he was one of the most prominent figures associated with Impressionist music, though he himself intensely disliked the term when applied to his compositions. In France, he was made Chevalier of the Legion of Honour in 1903. Debussy was among the most influential composers of the late 19th and early 20th centuries, and his use of non-traditional scales and chromaticism influenced many composers who followed.\nDebussy's music is noted for its sensory component and frequent eschewing of tonality. The French literary style of his period was known as Symbolism, and this movement directly inspired Debussy both as a composer and as an active cultural participant.
/m/07glc4	Tabitha St. Germain is an American-born Canadian actress, voice actress and occasional singer. She has made the transition from stage work to voice work, and has since become one of the core female voice actresses working with Ocean Productions in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. As Paulina Gillis, she won a Dora Award in 1995 for her performance in Assassins, the Stephen Sondheim musical.
/m/03ff65	Athletic Club Omonia Nicosia, commonly referred to as Omonia, is a Cypriot professional football club based in the capital city, Nicosia.\nThe club was established in 1948 and became a member of the Cyprus Football Association in 1953. Omonia, which means 'Concord' in Greek, has won 20 League Championships, 14 Cypriot Cups and 16 Super Cups and 5 domestic doubles – in 1972, 1974, 1981, 1982 and 1983 all since 1948. The Cyprus Football Association declared them as the Team of the 20th Century. Omonia remains the only team to have won the Cypriot Cup 4 times in a row, between the years 1980 and 1983. However, it is the only one of the big four clubs in Cyprus yet to qualify for European Group stage.\nAs an athletic club, Omonia also operates basketball, volleyball, cycling and futsal sections. The latter one is being particularly successful, having won the league and cup in three consecutive years since 2011.
/m/0168ql	Gerry Anderson, MBE was an English television and film producer, director, writer and occasional voice artist. He was known for his futuristic television programmes, especially his 1960s productions filmed in \"Supermarionation\".\nAnderson's first television production was the 1957 Roberta Leigh children's series The Adventures of Twizzle. Supercar and Fireball XL5 followed later, both series breaking into the US television market in the early 1960s. In the mid-1960s Anderson produced his most successful series, Thunderbirds. Other television productions of the 1960s include Stingray and Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons.\nAnderson also wrote and produced several feature films whose box office performance was unexceptional. Following a shift towards live action productions in the 1970s, he had a long and successful association with media impresario Lew Grade and Grade's company ITC, continuing until the second series of Space: 1999. After a career lull when a number of new series concepts failed to get off the ground, his career began a new phase in the early 1980s when audience nostalgia for his earlier Supermarionation series led to new Anderson productions being commissioned. Later projects include a 2005 CGI remake of Captain Scarlet entitled Gerry Anderson's New Captain Scarlet.
/m/0935jw	Neil Ross is a British-born voice actor and announcer, now resident in the United States, working in Los Angeles. He has provided voices in many American cartoons, most notably Voltron, G.I. Joe and Transformers. He has also done voice work in numerous video games, including Mass Effect and Leisure Suit Larry 6 and 7. Ross has also provided voice roles for many movies, including Back to the Future II, Babe, Quiz Show, and Being John Malkovich.\nNeil Ross was the announcer for the 75th Annual Academy Awards Telecast in 2003, and the Emmy Awards Telecast in 2004. He has also narrated numerous episodes of A&E's Biography, and many editions of NOVA on PBS.
/m/032c7m	Urawa Red Diamonds are a professional association football club playing in Japan's football league, J. League Division 1. The club has been able to boast the highest average gates for fourteen of the J-League's twenty season history. This includes 2012's highest average of over 36,000. After the club began hosting games at the new Saitama Stadium in 2001, they could accommodate a sharp increase in crowd numbers, a boom which peaked in 2008 with an average of over 47,000.\nThe name Red Diamonds alludes to the club's pre-professional era parent company Mitsubishi. The corporation's famous logo consists of three red diamonds, one of which remains within the current club badge. Its hometown is the city of Saitama in Saitama Prefecture, but its name comes from the former city of Urawa, which is now a part of Saitama City.
/m/07r_dg	Abigail Kathleen Breslin is an American actress. She is one of the youngest actresses ever to be nominated for an Academy Award. Breslin appeared in her first commercial when she was three years old, and in her first film, Signs, at the age of five. Her other film roles include Little Miss Sunshine; No Reservations; Nim's Island; Definitely, Maybe; My Sister's Keeper; Zombieland; Rango; August: Osage County; and The Call.
/m/057bc6m	Ray Moyer was an American set decorator. He won three Academy Awards and was nominated for nine more in the category Best Art Direction.\nHe was born in Santa Barbara, California and died in Los Angeles, California.
/m/060ppp	The E. W. Scripps Company is an American media conglomerate founded by Edward Willis Scripps in 1922. The company is headquartered inside the Scripps Center in Cincinnati, Ohio. Its corporate motto is \"Give light and the people will find their own way.\"\nOn October 16, 2007, the company announced that it would separate into two publicly traded companies: The E. W. Scripps Company and Scripps Networks Interactive,. The transaction was completed on July 1, 2008.\nOn October 3, 2011 The E.W. Scripps Company announced it was purchasing the television arm of McGraw-Hill for $212 million. This purchase nearly doubles the number of Scripps stations to 19 with a combined reach of 13% of U.S. households.
/m/0kbn5	Gardner Francis Cooper Fox was an American writer best known for creating numerous comic book characters for DC Comics. Comic book historians estimate that he wrote over 4,000 comics stories.
/m/011s9r	Joseph \"Joe\" Shuster was a Canadian-American comic book artist. He was best known for co-creating the DC Comics character Superman, with writer Jerry Siegel, first published in Action Comics No. 1.\nShuster was involved in a number of legal battles concerning the ownership of the Superman character, eventually gaining recognition for his part in its creation. His comic book career after Superman was relatively unsuccessful, and by the mid-1970s Shuster had left the field completely due to partial blindness.\nHe and Siegel were inducted into both the comic book industry's Will Eisner Comic Book Hall of Fame in 1992 and the Jack Kirby Hall of Fame in 1993. In 2005, the Canadian Comic Book Creator Awards Association instituted the Joe Shuster Awards, named to honor the Canada-born artist.
/m/035wcs	Eurodance is a genre of electronic dance music that originated in the late 1980s, primarily in Europe. It combines many elements of house, hi-NRG and Euro disco. Eurodance production continues to evolve with a more modernized style that incorporates elements from trance and techno music.\nThis genre of music is heavily influenced by the utilization of rich melodic vocals, either exclusively by itself or inclusively with rapped verses. This, combined with cutting-edge synthesizer, strong bass rhythm and melodic hooks establishes the core foundation of Eurodance music.\nIt peaked at Ibiza's summer festivals of 1994 and its intense popularity then spread around the world, which carried on into late 1996.
/m/03fnqj	Real Betis Balompié, S.A.D., more commonly referred to as Real Betis, is a Spanish football club based in Seville, in the autonomous community of Andalusia. Founded on 12 September 1907, it currently plays in La Liga, holding home games at Estadio Benito Villamarín in the south of the city.\nAmong other titles, the club – which in 1932 became the first Andalusian team to play in La Liga – won the Primera División in 1935 and the Copa del Rey in 1977 and 2005.\nBoth the King of Spain Juan Carlos I and his son Prince Felipe de Borbon are honorary members of the club. Maintaining an historic city rivalry with Sevilla FC, its motto is Viva er Betis manque pierda!.
/m/01yznp	Penn Fraser Jillette is an American illusionist, comedian, musician, inventor, actor, and best-selling author known for his work with fellow magician Teller in the team Penn & Teller. He is also known for his advocacy of atheism, scientific skepticism, libertarianism and free-market capitalism.
/m/03hj5vf	The Critics Choice Award for Best Comedy Movie is one of the awards given to people working in the motion picture industry by the Broadcast Film Critics Association.
/m/01dtl	Bristol City Football Club is one of two football league clubs in Bristol, England. Their ground is at Ashton Gate, located in the southwest of the city. They play in League One, the third tier in the English football league system. They were promoted to the Football League Championship in the 2006–07 season after finishing second in League One but failed to make a second consecutive promotion to the Premier League after they were defeated by Hull City in the 2008 Football League Championship play-off Final at Wembley Stadium.\nBristol City won the Welsh Cup – despite being an English club – in 1934. In 1907 they finished runners-up in Football League Division One, which is their highest ever final position. In 1909 they lost the FA Cup final to Manchester United, their only final. Since relegation in 1911, however, they only returned to the top division from 1976 to 1980 and did not contend for any honours then.\nIn 1982, Bristol City became the first English club to suffer three consecutive relegations. By 1990 after going bankrupt and failing to pay their debts they were back in the old Second Division. Another relegation followed in 1995, when City finished second from bottom in the new Football League Division One and a return to that division three years later lasted just one season. Most of their seasons between 1999 and 2006 were spent challenging for promotion in the upper half of the Football League Second Division.
/m/04pbhw	A superhero film, superhero movie, or superhero motion picture is a film that is focused on the actions of one or more superheroes; individuals who usually possess superhuman abilities relative to a normal person and are dedicated to protecting the public. These films typically feature action, fantasy and/or science fiction elements, with the first film of a particular character often includes a focus on the origin of the special powers including the first fight against the character's most famous supervillain, or archenemy.\nMost superhero movies are based on comic books. By contrast, several films such as the RoboCop series, The Meteor Man, The Incredibles, and Hancock are original for the screen, while The Green Hornet is based primarily on the original radio series and its 1960s television adaptation, and both Underdog and The Powerpuff Girls are based on an animated television series.
/m/068g3p	Daniel James Roebuck is an American television film actor, writer and producer, primarily in films, soap operas and television.
/m/03vrp	Italo Calvino was an Italian journalist and writer of short stories and novels. His best known works include the Our Ancestors trilogy, the Cosmicomics collection of short stories, and the novels Invisible Cities and If on a winter's night a traveler.\nLionised in Britain and the United States, he was the most-translated contemporary Italian writer at the time of his death, and a noted contender for the Nobel Prize for Literature.
/m/05pbl56	Salt is a 2010 American action thriller spy film directed by Phillip Noyce, written by Kurt Wimmer, and starring Angelina Jolie, Liev Schreiber, Daniel Olbrychski, August Diehl and Chiwetel Ejiofor. Jolie plays Evelyn Salt who is accused of being a Russian sleeper agent and goes on the run to try to clear her name.\nOriginally written with a male protagonist, with Tom Cruise initially secured for the lead, the script was ultimately rewritten by Brian Helgeland for Jolie. Filming took place on location in Washington, D.C., the New York City area, and Albany, New York, between March and June 2009, with reshoots in January 2010. Action scenes were primarily performed with practical stunts, computer-generated imagery being used mostly for creating digital environments.\nThe film had a panel at the San Diego Comic-Con on July 22 and was released in North America on July 23, 2010, and in the United Kingdom on August 18, 2010. Salt grossed $294 million at the worldwide box office and received mixed-to-positive reviews, with praise for the action scenes and Jolie's performance, but drawing criticism on the writing, with reviewers finding the plot implausible and convoluted. The DVD and Blu-ray Disc were released December 21, 2010, and featured two alternate cuts providing different endings for the movie.
/m/024swd	Mark Goodson was an American television producer who specialized in game shows.
/m/02rqwhl	The Savages is a 2007 American drama film, written and directed by Tamara Jenkins. It stars Philip Seymour Hoffman and Laura Linney and premiered at the Sundance Film Festival.
/m/09x8ms	Adrian Adolph Greenberg, most widely known as Adrian, was an American costume designer whose most famous costumes were for The Wizard of Oz and other Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films of the 1930s and 1940s. During his career, he designed costumes for over 250 films and his screen credits usually read as \"Gowns by Adrian\". On occasion, he was credited as Gilbert Adrian, a combination of his father's forename and his own.
/m/0272_vz	Mamma Mia! is a film adaptation of the West End stage musical, based on the songs of successful pop group ABBA, with additional music also composed by ABBA member Benny Andersson. Despite opening in the USA on the same date as the critically acclaimed Batman sequel The Dark Knight on July 18, 2008, the film did very well at the box office and had the largest opening weekend of any musical film in U.S. history. Like the stage musical, the film's title originates from the group's 1975 chart-topper Mamma Mia, and its plot is loosely based on the 1968 film Buona Sera, Mrs. Campbell. It was produced by Universal Pictures in partnership with Playtone and Littlestar.[3] It was released on July 3, 2008, in Greece,[4] July 10, 2008, in Australia and the United Kingdom, July 11, 2008, in Sweden,[4] and on July 18, 2008, in the United States and Canada.[5]Meryl Streep heads the cast of the film, playing the role of single mother Donna Sheridan. Pierce Brosnan, Colin Firth and Stellan Skarsgard play the three potential fathers to Donna's daughter Sophie (Amanda Seyfried).
/m/06qxh	Star Trek: Enterprise is a science fiction TV series and a prequel to the original Star Trek. The series premiered September 26, 2001 on the UPN television network with the final episode airing on May 13, 2005.\nThe show is set in the nearby regions of the Milky Way galaxy around the year 2150, nearly one century before the original Star Trek series, aboard the starship Enterprise NX-01, Earth's first warp 5 capable ship which was designed for long-range exploration of the galaxy and captained by Jonathan Archer. The NX designation indicates that this Enterprise is an experimental prototype.
/m/0d3qd0	John Forbes Kerry is an American politician who is the 68th and current United States Secretary of State. He has served in the United States Senate, and was chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. Kerry was the candidate of the Democratic Party in the 2004 presidential election but lost to George W. Bush.\nThe son of an Army Air Corps veteran, Kerry was born in Aurora, Colorado. He attended boarding school in Massachusetts and New Hampshire and went on to graduate from Yale University class of 1966, where he majored in political science and became a member of the Skull and Bones secret society. He enlisted in the Naval Reserve in 1966, and during 1968–1969 served an abbreviated four-month tour of duty in South Vietnam as officer-in-charge of a Swift Boat. For that service, he was awarded combat medals that include the Silver Star, Bronze Star, and three Purple Hearts. Securing an early return to the United States, Kerry joined the Vietnam Veterans Against the War in which he served as a nationally recognized spokesman and as an outspoken opponent of the Vietnam War. He appeared before the Senate Committee on Foreign Affairs where he deemed United States war policy in Vietnam to be the cause of \"war crimes.\"
/m/03t79f	The Haunting is a 1999 remake of the 1963 horror film of the same name. Both films are based on the novel The Haunting of Hill House by Shirley Jackson, published in 1959. The Haunting was directed by Jan de Bont and stars Liam Neeson, Catherine Zeta-Jones, Owen Wilson and Lili Taylor. It was released in the United States on July 23, 1999.
/m/05k2xy	The Interpreter is a 2005 political thriller film starring Nicole Kidman, Sean Penn, and Catherine Keener. It was the final film to be directed by Sydney Pollack before his death in 2008.
/m/0c1jh	Ezra Weston Loomis Pound was an expatriate American poet and critic who was a major figure of the early modernist movement. His contribution to poetry began with his development of Imagism, a movement derived from classical Chinese and Japanese poetry, stressing clarity, precision and economy of language. His best-known works include Ripostes, Hugh Selwyn Mauberley and the unfinished 120-section epic, The Cantos.\nHe worked in London in the early 20th century as foreign editor of several American literary magazines and helped discover and shape the work of contemporaries such as T. S. Eliot, James Joyce, Robert Frost and Ernest Hemingway. He was responsible for the 1915 publication of Eliot's \"The Love Song of J. Alfred Prufrock\" and the serialization from 1918 of Joyce's Ulysses. Hemingway wrote of him in 1925: \"He defends [his friends] when they are attacked, he gets them into magazines and out of jail. ... He introduces them to wealthy women. He gets publishers to take their books. He sits up all night with them when they claim to be dying ... he advances them hospital expenses and dissuades them from suicide.\"\nOutraged by the carnage of World War I, Pound lost faith in England and blamed the war on usury and international capitalism. He moved to Italy in 1924 and throughout the 1930s and 1940s embraced Benito Mussolini's fascism, expressed support for Adolf Hitler and wrote for publications owned by the British fascist Oswald Mosley. During World War II the Italian government hired him for hundreds of radio broadcasts criticizing the United States, Franklin D. Roosevelt and Jews. For this he was arrested by American forces in Italy in 1945 on charges of treason. He spent months in detention in a U.S. military camp in Pisa, including three weeks in a six-by-six-foot outdoor steel cage that he said triggered a mental breakdown, \"when the raft broke and the waters went over me\". Deemed unfit to stand trial, he was incarcerated in St. Elizabeths psychiatric hospital in Washington, D.C., for over 12 years.
/m/04kbkd1	Rock Band 2 is a 2008 music video game developed by Harmonix. It is the sequel to Rock Band and is the second title in the series. The game allows up to four players to simulate the performance of popular songs by playing with controllers modeled after musical instruments. Players can play the lead guitar, bass guitar, and drums parts to songs with \"instrument controllers\", as well as sing through a USB microphone. Players are scored on their ability to match scrolling musical \"notes\" while playing instruments, or by their ability to match the singer's pitch on vocals.\nRock Band 2 features improved drum and guitar controllers, while supporting older controllers, as well. New features include a \"Drum Trainer\" mode, a \"Battle of the Bands\" mode, online capabilities for \"World Tour\" mode, and merchandising opportunities for the players' virtual bands. In addition to the 84 songs included on the game disc and 20 free downloadable songs, over 1400 additional downloadable songs have been released for the Xbox 360, Wii, and PlayStation 3 versions, with more added each week. All of these songs, existing and future, are compatible with all Rock Band titles.\nRock Band 2 software was released in North America for the Xbox 360 on September 14, 2008, along with individual instrument peripherals, and later for the PlayStation 3 on October 19, 2008. The software/hardware bundles for the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 were made available on October 19, 2008. Versions of the game for the PlayStation 2 and Wii platforms were released on December 18, 2008.
/m/013nty	Wheeling is a city in the State of West Virginia located in Ohio and Marshall counties. It is the county seat of Ohio County. Wheeling is the principal city of the Wheeling Metropolitan Statistical Area. As of the 2000 census, the Wheeling, WV MSA had a population of 153,172.\nWheeling was originally a settlement in the British Colony of Virginia and later an important city in the Commonwealth of Virginia. It was part of the land which the United States allowed to be annexed to Virginia when the Northwest Territory was being organized in 1787. In 1853 the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad reached Wheeling, connecting it to markets back to the port city of Baltimore, Maryland and stimulating development.\nIn 1861, with differences over slavery and loyalty to the Union upon the outbreak of the American Civil War, the western counties of Virginia seceded from the state. Wheeling was the location of the Wheeling Convention, which established the state of West Virginia, and was the first capital of West Virginia. The capital moved so often in its early years that it was nicknamed the \"floating capital\".\nIn 1870, the State Legislature designated Charleston as the capital city. In 1875, the Legislature reversed its decision and voted to return the capital to Wheeling. This was appealed by the citizens of Charleston and finally settled by the West Virginia Supreme Court of Appeals in favor of Wheeling. In 1877 the Legislature ordered an election to be held for the citizens of West Virginia to select a permanent location for the capital, choosing between Charleston, Martinsburg and Clarksburg. By proclamation of the governor, the official move took place eight years later, and in 1885 the capital moved from Wheeling to Charleston, where it has remained.
/m/0c3mz	The Battle of Passchendaele was a campaign of the First World War, fought by the British and their allies against the German Empire. The battle took place on the Western Front, between July and November 1917, for control of the ridges south and east of the Belgian city of Ypres in West Flanders, as part of a strategy decided by the Allies at conferences in November 1916 and May 1917. Passchendaele lay on the last ridge east of Ypres, five miles from a railway junction at Roeselare, which was a vital part of the supply system of the German Fourth Army. The next stage of the Allied strategy was an advance to Torhout–Couckelaere, to close the German-controlled railway running through Roeselare and Torhout, which did not take place until 1918. Further operations and a British supporting attack along the Belgian coast from Nieuwpoort, combined with an amphibious landing, were to have reached Bruges and then the Dutch frontier. The resistance of the German Fourth Army, unusually wet weather, the onset of winter and the diversion of British and French resources to Italy, following the Austro-German victory at the Battle of Caporetto allowed the Germans to avoid a general withdrawal, which had seemed inevitable to them in October. The campaign ended in November when the Canadian Corps captured Passchendaele. In 1918 the Battle of the Lys and the Fifth Battle of Ypres, were fought before the Allies occupied the Belgian coast and reached the Dutch frontier.
/m/083skw	Gone with the Wind is a 1939 American epic historical romance film adapted from Margaret Mitchell's Pulitzer-winning 1936 novel and produced by David O. Selznick, of Selznick International Pictures. Set in the 19th-century American South, the film tells the story of Scarlett O'Hara, played by Vivien Leigh, and her romantic pursuit of Ashley Wilkes who is married to his cousin, Melanie Hamilton, and her marriage to Rhett Butler. Set against the backdrop of the American Civil War and Reconstruction era, the story is told from the perspective of white Southerners.\nThe production of the film was troubled from the start. Filming was delayed for two years due to David O. Selznick's determination to secure Clark Gable for the role of Rhett Butler, and the \"search for Scarlett\" led to 1,400 women being interviewed for the part. The original screenplay was written by Sidney Howard, but underwent many revisions by several writers in an attempt to get it down to a suitable length. The original director, George Cukor, was fired shortly after filming had begun and was replaced by Victor Fleming, who in turn was briefly replaced by Sam Wood.\nThe film received positive reviews upon its release in December 1939, although some reviewers found it dramatically lacking and bloated. The casting was widely praised and many reviewers found Vivien Leigh especially suited to her role as Scarlett. At the 12th Academy Awards held in 1940, it received ten Academy Awards from thirteen nominations, including wins for Best Picture, Best Director, Best Adapted Screenplay, Best Actress and Best Supporting Actress. It set records for the total number of wins and nominations at the time. The film was immensely popular, becoming the highest-earning film made up to that point, and retained the record for over a quarter of a century. Adjusted for inflation, it is still the most successful film in box-office history.
/m/02s8qk	Duquesne University of the Holy Spirit is a private Catholic university in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States. Founded by members of the Congregation of the Holy Spirit, Duquesne first opened its doors as the Pittsburgh Catholic College of the Holy Ghost in October 1878 with an enrollment of 40 students and a faculty of six. In 1911, the college became the first Catholic university in Pennsylvania. It is the only Spiritan institution of higher education in the world.\nDuquesne has since expanded to over 10,000 graduate and undergraduate students within a self-contained 49-acre hilltop campus in Pittsburgh's Bluff neighborhood. The school maintains an associate campus in Rome and encompasses ten schools of study. The university hosts international students from more than 80 countries although most students — about 80% — are from Pennsylvania or the surrounding region. Duquesne is considered a research university with high research activity institution by the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching. There are more than 79,000 living alumni of the university including two cardinals and the current bishop of Pittsburgh.\nThe Duquesne Dukes compete in NCAA Division I. Duquesne men's basketball appeared twice in national championship games in the 1950s and won the NIT championship in 1955.
/m/02zcz3	Weber State University is a public university located in the city of Ogden in Weber County, Utah, USA. It is a coeducational, publicly supported university offering professional, liberal arts and technical certificates, as well as associate, bachelor's and master's degrees. Weber State University is accredited by the Northwest Commission on Colleges and Universities. Programs throughout the university are accredited as well.\nThe school was founded in 1889 by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints as Weber Stake Academy, later changing names to Weber Academy, Weber Normal College, and Weber College. Weber College became a junior college in 1933, and in 1962 became Weber State College. It gained university status in 1991, when it was renamed to its current name of Weber State University.
/m/01c6zg	Upper Normandy is one of the 27 regions of France. It was created in 1984 from two départements: Seine-Maritime and Eure, when Normandy was divided into Lower Normandy and Upper Normandy. This division continues to provoke controversy, and many people continue to call for reuniting the two regions. However, the name Upper Normandy existed prior to 1956 and referred by tradition to territories currently included within the administrative region: the Pays de Caux, the Pays de Bray, the Roumois, the Campagne of Le Neubourg, the Plaine de Saint André and the Norman Vexin. Today, most of the Pays d'Auge, as well as a small portion of the Pays d'Ouche, are located in Lower Normandy.\nRouen is the regional capital, historically important with many fine churches and buildings, including the tallest cathedral tower in France. The region's largest city, in terms of metropolitan population, is Le Havre. The region is twinned with the London Borough of Redbridge in England. Its economy is centered around agriculture, industry, petrochemicals and tourism.
/m/03x23q	Grambling State University is a historically black, public, coeducational university, located in Grambling, Louisiana. The university is the home of late head football coach Eddie Robinson, and is listed on the Louisiana African American Heritage Trail. The University is a member-school of the Thurgood Marshall College Fund.
/m/015btn	A critic is a professional who communicates their opinions and assessments of various forms of creative work such as art, literature, music, cinema, theater, fashion, architecture and food. Critical judgments, whether derived from critical thinking or not, may be positive, negative, or balanced, weighing a combination of factors both for and against.\nFormally, the word is applied to persons who are publicly accepted and, to a significant degree, followed because of the quality of their assessments or their reputation. Unlike other individuals who may editorialize on subjects via web sites or letters written to publications, professional critics are paid to produce their opinions for print, radio, magazine, television, or Internet companies. Persons who give opinions on current events, public affairs, sports, media, and historical events are often referred to as \"pundits\" instead of \"critics.\"\nCritics are themselves subject to competing critics, since critical judgments always entail subjectivity. An established critic can play a powerful role as a public arbiter of taste or opinion.
/m/0bbvr84	Kiernan Brennan \"Kiki\" Shipka is an American child actress noted for playing Don and Betty Draper's daughter Sally on the AMC series Mad Men, and for voicing Jinora in The Legend of Korra.
/m/02pvqmz	Comic Relief Does Fame Academy is a spin-off of the original Fame Academy show where celebrities sing as students of the Academy. The programme was launched in 2003 to help raise money for the charities supported by Comic Relief, with the final of the show occurring on Red Nose Day. Coverage of the show was widely shown on BBC One, BBC Three, BBC Prime and the CBBC Channel.\nMany consider the celebrity version of the show to be far more successful than its predecessor. The Comic Relief series returned in 2005 and again in March 2007. It was announced by the BBC that Cat Deeley would not return because she was hosting So You Think You Can Dance. However, Patrick Kielty returned with co-host and host of the former spin-off show Claudia Winkleman.
/m/060m4	The Prime Minister of Canada is the primary minister of the Crown, chairman of the Cabinet, and thus head of government for Canada, charged with advising the Canadian monarch or viceroy on the exercise of the executive powers vested in them by the constitution. Not outlined in any constitutional document, the office exists only as per long-established convention that stipulates the monarch's representative, the governor general, must select as prime minister the person most likely to command the confidence of the elected House of Commons; this individual is typically the leader of the political party that holds the largest number of seats in that chamber.\nThe current, and 22nd, Prime Minister of Canada is the Conservative Party's Stephen Harper, who was appointed on February 6, 2006, by Governor General Michaëlle Jean, following the general election that took place that year. Canadian prime ministers are styled as The Right Honourable, a privilege maintained for life.
/m/02bv9	Dutch is a West Germanic language and the native language of most of the population of the Netherlands, and about sixty percent of the populations of Belgium and Suriname, the three member states of the Dutch Language Union. Most speakers live in the European Union, where it is a first language for about 23 million and a second language for another 5 million people.\nDutch also holds official status in the Caribbean island nations of Aruba, Curaçao, and Sint Maarten, while Dutch or dialects assigned to it continue to be spoken, in parts of France and Germany, and to a lesser extent, in Indonesia, and up to half a million native Dutch speakers may be living in the United States, Canada, and Australia. The Cape Dutch dialects of Southern Africa have been standardised into Afrikaans, a mutually intelligible daughter language of Dutch which today is spoken to some degree by an estimated total of 15 to 23 million people in South Africa and Namibia.\nDutch is closely related to German and English and is said to be between them. Apart from not having undergone the High German consonant shift, Dutch—like English—has mostly abandoned the grammatical case system, does not use Germanic umlaut as a grammatical marker, and has levelled much of its morphology. Dutch has three grammatical genders, but this distinction has fewer grammatical consequences than in German. Dutch shares with German the use of subject–verb–object word order in main clauses and subject–object–verb in subordinate clauses. Dutch vocabulary is mostly Germanic and contains the same Germanic core as German and English, while incorporating more Romance loans than German and fewer than English.
/m/015t7v	Bernard Hill is an English film, stage and television actor. In a career spanning thirty years, he is known for playing Yosser Hughes, the troubled 'hard man' whose life is falling apart in Alan Bleasdale's groundbreaking 1980s TV drama Boys from the Blackstuff. He is also known for roles in blockbuster films, including Captain Edward Smith in Titanic, King Théoden in The Lord of the Rings film trilogy and as the Warden of San Quentin Prison in the Clint Eastwood film True Crime.
/m/0hz28	Publishing is the process of production and dissemination of literature, music, or information — the activity of making information available to the general public. In some cases, authors may be their own publishers, meaning: originators and developers of content also provide media to deliver and display the content for the same. Also, the word publisher can refer to the individual who leads a publishing company or imprint or to a person who owns a magazine.\nTraditionally, the term refers to the distribution of printed works such as books and newspapers. With the advent of digital information systems and the Internet, the scope of publishing has expanded to include electronic resources, such as the electronic versions of books and periodicals, as well as micropublishing, websites, blogs, video game publishers and the like.\nPublishing includes the stages of the development, acquisition, copy editing, graphic design, production – printing, and marketing and distribution of newspapers, magazines, books, literary works, musical works, software and other works dealing with information, including the electronic media.\nPublication is also important as a legal concept:
/m/02lt8	Edgar Allan Poe was an American author, poet, editor, and literary critic, considered part of the American Romantic Movement. Best known for his tales of mystery and the macabre, Poe was one of the earliest American practitioners of the short story, and is generally considered the inventor of the detective fiction genre. He is further credited with contributing to the emerging genre of science fiction. He was the first well-known American writer to try to earn a living through writing alone, resulting in a financially difficult life and career.\nBorn in Boston, he was the second child of two actors. His father abandoned the family in 1810, and his mother died the following year. Thus orphaned, the child was taken in by John and Frances Allan, of Richmond, Virginia. Although they never formally adopted him, Poe was with them well into young adulthood. Tension developed later as John Allan and Edgar repeatedly clashed over debts, including those incurred by gambling, and the cost of secondary education for the young man. Poe attended the University of Virginia for one semester but left due to lack of money. Poe quarreled with Allan over the funds for his education and enlisted in the Army in 1827 under an assumed name. It was at this time his publishing career began, albeit humbly, with an anonymous collection of poems, Tamerlane and Other Poems, credited only to \"a Bostonian\". With the death of Frances Allan in 1829, Poe and Allan reached a temporary rapprochement. Later failing as an officer's cadet at West Point and declaring a firm wish to be a poet and writer, Poe parted ways with John Allan.
/m/01cvxf	American International Pictures was a film production company formed in April 1954 from American Releasing Corporation by James H. Nicholson, former Sales Manager of Realart Pictures, and Samuel Z. Arkoff, an entertainment lawyer. It was dedicated to releasing independently produced, low-budget films packaged as double features, primarily of interest to the teenagers of the 1950s, 1960s, and 1970s. Nicholson and Arkoff formed ARC in 1954, and their first release was The Fast and the Furious.
/m/04x4nv	Tucker: The Man and His Dream is a 1988 biographical film directed by Francis Ford Coppola and starring Jeff Bridges. The film recounts the story of Preston Tucker and his attempt to produce and market the 1948 Tucker Sedan, which was met with scandal between the \"Big Three automobile manufacturers\" and accusations of stock fraud from the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Joan Allen, Martin Landau, Elias Koteas, Frederic Forrest and Christian Slater appear in supporting roles.\nIn 1973, Coppola began development of a film based on the life of Tucker, originally with Marlon Brando in the lead role. Starting in 1976, Coppola planned Tucker to be both a musical and an experimental film with music and lyrics written by Leonard Bernstein, Betty Comden and Adolph Green. The project eventually collapsed when Coppola's American Zoetrope experienced financial problems. Tucker was revived in 1986 when Coppola's friend, George Lucas, joined as a producer.\nThe film received critical praise, but was a box office bomb. Nonetheless, Tucker: The Man and His Dream produced a spike in prices of Tucker Sedans, as well as a renewed appreciation for Tucker and his automobiles.
/m/034qmv	Around the World in 80 Days is a 2004 American-German adventure comedy film based on Jules Verne's novel of the same name. It stars Jackie Chan, Steve Coogan and Cécile de France. The film is set in 19th-century Britain and centers on Phileas Fogg, here reimagined as an eccentric inventor, and his efforts to circumnavigate the globe in 80 days. During the trip, he is accompanied by his Chinese valet, Passepartout. For comedic reasons, the film intentionally deviated wildly from the novel and included a number of anachronistic elements.\nWith production costs of about $110 million and estimated marketing costs of $30 million, it earned $24 million at the U.S. box office and $72 million worldwide, making it a box office bomb. The film finally turned a profit in DVD sales.\nThe film is notable for being Arnold Schwarzenegger's last film before he took a hiatus from acting to become Governor of California.
/m/02jfc	Education in its general sense is a form of learning in which the knowledge, skills, and habits of a group of people are transferred from one generation to the next through teaching, training, or research. Education frequently takes place under the guidance of others, but may also be autodidactic. Any experience that has a formative effect on the way one thinks, feels, or acts may be considered educational. Education is commonly divided into stages such as preschool, primary school, secondary school and then college, university or apprenticeship.\nA right to education has been recognized by some governments. At the global level, Article 13 of the United Nations' 1966 International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights recognises the right of everyone to an education. Although education is compulsory in most places up to a certain age, attendance at school often isn't, and a minority of parents choose home-schooling, e-learning or similar for their children.
/m/0jhwd	Metropolitan Manila, commonly known as Metro Manila, the National Capital Region of the Philippines, is the metropolitan region of the country which is composed of the City of Manila and the surrounding cities of Caloocan, Las Piñas, Makati, Malabon, Mandaluyong, Marikina, Muntinlupa, Navotas, Parañaque, Pasay, Pasig, Quezon City, San Juan, Taguig, and Valenzuela, as well as the Municipality of Pateros.\nThe region is the center of culture, economy, education, and politics of the Philippines. Its most populous and largest city in terms of land area is Quezon City, with the center of business and financial activities in Makati, and in Bonifacio Global City, Taguig. Binondo, the oldest Chinatown in the world located in the City of Manila is also a center of the thriving economic activities in the region, along with Ermita and Malate. Other financial areas within the region include: Araneta Center, Eastwood City and Triangle Park in Quezon City; Ortigas Center, which is shared by the cities of Mandaluyong and Pasig, with parts of it belonging to Quezon City; Bay City reclamation area, which is split between the cities of Pasay and Parañaque; and Ayala Alabang and Filinvest Corporate City in Muntinlupa.
/m/09x3r	The 1936 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XI Olympiad, was an international multi-sport event that was held in 1936 in Berlin, Germany. Berlin won the bid to host the Games over Barcelona, Spain, on 26 April 1931, at the 29th IOC Session in Barcelona. It marked the second and final time that the International Olympic Committee would gather to vote in a city which was bidding to host those Games. The only other time this occurred was at the inaugural IOC Session in Paris, France, on 24 April 1894. Then, Athens and Paris were chosen to host the 1896 and 1900 Games, respectively.\nTo outdo the Los Angeles games of 1932, Germany built a new 100,000-seat track and field stadium, six gymnasiums, and many other smaller arenas. They also installed a closed-circuit television system and radio network that reached 41 countries, with many other forms of expensive high-tech electronic equipment. Filmmaker Leni Riefenstahl, a favourite of Adolf Hitler, was commissioned by the German Olympic Committee to film the Games for $7 million. Her film, titled Olympia, pioneered many of the techniques now common in the filming of sports.
/m/02zyq6	Brian Keith was an American film, television, and stage actor who in his six decade-long career gained recognition for his work in movies such as the 1961 Disney family film The Parent Trap, the 1966 comedy The Russians Are Coming, the Russians Are Coming, and the 1975 adventure saga The Wind and the Lion, in which he portrayed Theodore Roosevelt.\nOn television, two of his best known roles were that of a bachelor-uncle-turned-reluctant-parent Bill Davis in the 1960s sitcom Family Affair, and a tough judge in the 1980s drama Hardcastle and McCormick. He also starred in the The Brian Keith Show that aired on NBC from 1972 to 1974 where he portrayed a pediatrician who operated a free clinic on Oahu as well as in the CBS comedy series Heartland.
/m/0h948	Poverty is general scarcity or dearth, or the state of one who lacks a certain amount of material possessions or money. Absolute poverty or destitution refers to the deprivation of basic human needs, which commonly includes food, water, sanitation, clothing, shelter, health care and education. Relative poverty is defined contextually as economic inequality in the location or society in which people live.\nAfter the industrial revolution, mass production in factories made production goods increasingly less expensive and more accessible. Of more importance is the modernization of agriculture, such as fertilizers, to provide enough yield to feed the population. The supply of basic needs can be restricted by constraints on government services such as corruption, tax avoidance, debt and loan conditionalities and by the brain drain of health care and educational professionals. Strategies of increasing income to make basic needs more affordable typically include welfare, economic freedoms, and providing financial services.\nPoverty reduction is a major goal and issue for many international organizations such as the United Nations and the World Bank. The World Bank estimated 1.29 billion people were living in absolute poverty in 2008. Of these, about 400 million people in absolute poverty lived in India and 173 million people in China. In terms of percentage of regional populations, sub-Saharan Africa at 47% had the highest incidence rate of absolute poverty in 2008. Between 1990 and 2010, about 663 million people moved above the absolute poverty level. Still, extreme poverty is a global challenge; it is observed in all parts of the world, including developed economies.
/m/012wvj	Cumann na nGaedheal, sometimes spelt Cumann na nGaedhael, was a political party in the Irish Free State, which formed the government from 1923 to 1932. In 1933 it merged with smaller groups to form the current Fine Gael party.
/m/01n244	West Bromwich is a town within the Metropolitan Borough of Sandwell, in the West Midlands county of England. Historically in Staffordshire, it is situated 5 miles northwest of Birmingham on the A41 London-to-Birkenhead road, and is part of the Black Country. West Bromwich is the largest town in Sandwell, with a population of 75,405 at the 2011 census; the wider West Bromwich Urban Sub-Area was recorded as having a population of 136,940 at the time of the 2001 census.\nThe Latin motto on the town's coat of arms translates as \"Work Conquers All\".
/m/0pnf3	Carl Reiner is an American stand-up comedian, actor, director, producer, writer and voice artist. He has won nine Emmy Awards and one Grammy Award during his career.
/m/049dk	Kansas State University, commonly shortened to Kansas State or K-State, is public research university with its main campus in Manhattan, Kansas, United States. Kansas State is the oldest public university in the state of Kansas. It had a record high enrollment of 24,378 students for the Fall 2012 semester.\nBranch campuses are located in Salina and Olathe. Salina houses the College of Technology and Aviation. The Olathe Innovation Campus is the academic research presence within the Kansas Bioscience Park, where graduate students participate in research bioenergy, animal health, plant science and food safety and security.\nThe university is classified as a research university with high research by the Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education.
/m/01vsy95	Patrick Bruce \"Pat\" Metheny is an American jazz guitarist and composer.\nHe is the leader of the Pat Metheny Group and is also involved in duets, solo works and other side projects. His style incorporates elements of progressive and contemporary jazz, post-bop, latin jazz and jazz fusion. Metheny has three gold albums and 20 Grammy Awards. He is the brother of jazz flugelhornist and journalist Mike Metheny.
/m/0dr1c2	Vampire Knight is a shōjo manga series written by Matsuri Hino. The series premiered in the January 2005 issue of LaLa magazine and has officially ended. Chapters are collected and published in collected volumes by Hakusensha, with seventeen volumes currently released in Japan. The manga series is licensed in English by Viz Media, who has released fifteen volumes so far. The English adaptation premiered in the July 2006 issue of Viz's Shojo Beat magazine, with the collected volumes being published on a quarterly basis.\nTwo drama CDs were created for the series, as well as a twenty-six episode anime adaptation. Produced by Studio Deen, the anime series' first season aired in Japan on TV Tokyo between April 8, 2008 and July 1, 2008. The second season, aired on the same station from October 7, 2008 and December 30, 2008. The anime uses many of the same voice actors as were used for the drama CDs. The anime adaptations were licensed for release in North America by Viz Media, the DVD released on July 20, 2010.
/m/03y_f8	The Serbia national football team represents Serbia in association football and is controlled by the Football Association of Serbia, the governing body for football in Serbia. Serbia's home ground is the Red Star Stadium in Belgrade and their head coach position is currently vacant. Both FIFA and UEFA consider the Serbian national team to be the direct and sole successor of the Yugoslavia and Serbia and Montenegro. The Football Association of Serbia has been a FIFA and UEFA member since its creation in 2006.
/m/03r8v_	The Filmfare Award for Best Actress is given by Filmfare as part of its annual Filmfare Awards for Hindi films, to recognise a female actor who has delivered an outstanding performance in a leading role. The award was first given in 1954 for the films released in preceding year 1953.
/m/038rz	German cuisine has evolved as a national cuisine through centuries of social and political change with variations from region to region.\nThe southern regions of Germany, including Bavaria and neighbouring Swabia, share many dishes. Furthermore, across the border in Austria, one will find many different dishes. However, ingredients and dishes vary by region. Many significant regional dishes have become international, but have proliferated in very different variations across the country presently.
/m/0g4c1t	Channel 5 is a television network that broadcasts in the United Kingdom. It was launched in 1997, and was the fifth and final national terrestrial analogue network after BBC1, ITV, BBC2 and Channel 4. It is generally the fifth-placed network in the country in audience share, and has been since its inception.\nThe station was branded as Five between 2002 and 2011, when it was owned by the RTL Group. Richard Desmond purchased the station from the RTL Group on 23 July 2010, announcing plans to invest more money in programming and return to the name Channel 5 with immediate effect, and it was relaunched on 14 February 2011. The relaunch also saw investment in a range of new programming with the debut of the nightly entertainment show OK! TV. Audience figures for the relaunch were boosted with increased viewing figures for the main 5 News bulletins and improved figures for OK! TV in the 6.30 p.m. slot over its predecessor Live from Studio Five. On 18 August 2011, Channel 5 relaunched Big Brother, starting with Celebrity Big Brother 8 and followed by Big Brother 12, having bought the rights to air the programme following its cancellation by Channel 4 in April 2011. The deal was worth a reported £200 million. The show helped the channel's viewing figures and audience share to rise slightly year-on-year, from 4.4% to 4.5%, in 2012. It was only achieved by Channel 5 and BBC One later in 2012; all other terrestrial broadcasters fell in comparison. In 2013, Ben Frow, the channel's Director of Programming, revealed that the station would be moving away from broadcasting just American imports, by introducing shows from other countries such as Canada, Ireland and Australia to the schedules. The station has since begun screening Australian prison drama Wentworth Prison and Irish gangland series Love/Hate.
/m/04b675	Symphonic metal is metal music that has symphonic elements; that is, elements that are borrowed from other music genres but usually with more keyboards or acoustic guitars and typically an operatic female lead vocalist.\nWhen referring to bands from other genres, it refers to bands who use minor classical and operatic themes in their music similar to that found in the symphonic metal genre, to show they are more \"symphonic\" than other bands within their genre. Although many symphonic metal bands base their style solidly on classical music, a few follow a theatrical, more epic approach to this genre by including or basing their style in film music or movie soundtracks. A popular example of this type of approach would be the works of Nightwish and Epica.
/m/049d_	Sporting Kansas City is an American professional soccer club based in Kansas City, Kansas. The club is a member of the Eastern Conference of Major League Soccer. The club is one of the ten charter clubs of MLS, having competed in the league since its inception.\nFor the majority of its first 15 years of existence the team was known as the Kansas City Wizards. The team was renamed in November 2010, coinciding with its move to a new stadium, Sporting Park. The club won both the MLS Cup and the MLS Supporters' Shield in 2000, and the Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup in 2004 and 2012. In 2013, the club again won the MLS Cup, its first after rebranding.
/m/04rzd	A mandolin is a musical instrument in the lute family. It usually has four courses of doubled strings. The two strings in each course are tuned in unison. The courses are tuned in a succession of perfect fifths, and plucked with a plectrum. It is the soprano member of a family that includes the mandola, octave mandolin, mandocello, and mandobass. It descends from the mandore.\nThere are many styles of mandolin, but three are common, the Neapolitan mandolin, the carved-top mandolin and the flat-top mandolin. The carved-top or arch-top mandolin has a much shallower, arched back, and an arched top—both carved out of wood. The flat-top mandolin is similar to a guitar, using thin sheets of wood for the body, braced on the inside for strength. Each style of instrument has its own sound quality and is associated with particular forms of music. Neapolitan mandolins feature prominently in European classical music and traditional music. Carved-top instruments are common in American folk music and bluegrass music. Flat-top instruments are less specific to a music genre but are commonly used in Irish and British folk music.
/m/02773nt	Robert Morgan Carlock is an American television producer and screenwriter who has worked as a writer for several NBC television comedies, and as a show runner for 30 Rock.
/m/02mhfy	Terry Ann \"Teri\" Garr is an American actress and dancer best known for her film roles in Young Frankenstein; Close Encounters of the Third Kind; Oh, God!; Mr. Mom; After Hours; The Black Stallion; One from the Heart and Tootsie, for which she was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress. She also had a recurring guest role on television's Friends.
/m/02kdw56	Canadian English is the variety of English spoken in Canada. English is the first language, or \"mother tongue\", of approximately 24 million Canadians, and more than 28 million are fluent in the language. 82% of Canadians outside Quebec speak English natively, but within Quebec the figure drops to just 7.7%, as most residents are native speakers of Quebec French.\nCanadian English contains elements of British English and American English in its vocabulary, as well as many distinctive Canadianisms. In many areas, speech is influenced by French. There are notable local variations. The phonetics, phonology, morphology, syntax and lexicon for most of Canada are similar to that of the Western and Midland regions of the United States. The Canadian Great Lakes region has similarities to that of the Upper Midwest & Great Lakes region and/or Yooper dialect, while the phonological system of western and central Canadian English is similar in some aspects to that of the Pacific Northwest of the United States.\nThe intonation and pronunciation of some vowel sounds have similarities to the dialects of Scotland and to accents in Northern England such as Geordie, for example the raising to \"about\" to sound roughly like \"aboot\" or \"aboat\", is also heard in Scotland and the Tyneside area of England.
/m/06vbd	Syria, officially the Syrian Arab Republic, is a country in Western Asia, bordering Lebanon and the Mediterranean Sea to the west, Turkey to the north, Iraq to the east, Jordan to the south, and Israel to the southwest. Its capital Damascus is among the oldest continuously-inhabited cities in the world. A country of fertile plains, high mountains, and deserts, it is home to diverse ethnic and religious groups, including Alawite, Sunni and Christian Arabs, Armenians, Assyrians, Druze, Kurds, and Turks. Sunni Arabs make up the largest population group in Syria.\nIn English, the name \"Syria\" was formerly synonymous with the Levant while the modern state encompasses the sites of several ancient kingdoms and empires, including the Eblan civilization of the third millennium BC. In the Islamic era, Damascus was the seat of the Umayyad Caliphate and a provincial capital of the Mamluk Sultanate in Egypt.\nThe modern Syrian state was established after the first World War as a French mandate, and represented the largest Arab state to emerge from the formerly Ottoman-ruled Arab Levant. It gained independence in April 1946, as a parliamentary republic. The post-independence period was tumultuous, and a large number of military coups and coup attempts shook the country in the period 1949–1971. Between 1958 and 1961, Syria entered a brief union with Egypt, which was terminated by a military coup. Syria was under Emergency Law from 1963 to 2011, effectively suspending most constitutional protections for citizens, and its system of government is considered to be non-democratic. Bashar al-Assad has been president since 2000 and was preceded by his father Hafez al-Assad, who was in office from 1970 to 2000.
/m/02nf2c	Barney Miller is an American situation comedy television series set in a New York City police station in Greenwich Village. The series originally was broadcast from January 23, 1975, to May 20, 1982, on ABC. It was created by Danny Arnold and Theodore J. Flicker. Noam Pitlik directed the majority of the episodes.
/m/016z1c	Irving Grant Thalberg was an American film producer during the early years of motion pictures. He was called \"The Boy Wonder\" for his youth and his extraordinary ability to select the right scripts, choose the right actors, gather the best production staff and make hundreds of very profitable films, including Grand Hotel, China Seas, Camille, Mutiny on the Bounty and The Good Earth. His films carved out a major international market, \"projecting a seductive image of American life brimming with vitality and rooted in democracy and personal freedom,\" states biographer Roland Flamini.\nHe was born in Brooklyn, NY, and as a child was afflicted with a congenital heart disease that doctors said would kill him before he reached the age of thirty. After graduating high school he took night classes in typing and worked as a store clerk during the day. He then took a job as a secretary at Universal Studios' New York office, and was later made studio manager for their Los Angeles facility, where he oversaw production of a hundred films during his three years with the company. Among the films he produced was The Hunchback of Notre Dame.\nHe then partnered with Louis B. Mayer's studio and, after it merged with two other studios, helped create Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. He was made head of production of MGM in 1925, at the age of twenty-six, and after three years MGM became the most successful studio in Hollywood as a result of his supervision. During his twelve years with MGM, until his early death at age 37, he produced four hundred films, most of which bore his imprint, and their production had adapted his innovations. Among those innovations were story conferences with writers, sneak previews to gain early feedback, and extensive re-shooting of scenes to improve the film. In addition, he introduced horror films to audiences and coauthored the “Production Code,” guidelines for morality followed by all studios. During the 1920s and 1930s, he synthesized and merged the world of stage drama and literary classics with Hollywood films.
/m/0g0z58	The Oklahoma Sooners football program is a college football team that represents the University of Oklahoma. The team is currently a member of the Big 12 Conference, which is in Division I Football Bowl Subdivision of the National Collegiate Athletic Association. The program began in 1895 and is the most successful program of the modern era with 567 wins and a winning percentage of .763 since 1945. The program has 7 national championships, 44 conference championships, 154 All-Americans, and five Heisman Trophy winners. In addition, the school has had five coaches and 17 players inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame and holds the record for the longest winning streak in Division I-FBS history with 47 straight victories. Oklahoma is also the only program that has had four coaches with 100+ wins, including current head coach Bob Stoops. They became the sixth NCAA FBS team to win 800 games when they defeated Utah State on Sept. 4th, 2010. Games are played at the Gaylord Family Oklahoma Memorial Stadium in Norman, Oklahoma.
/m/039x1k	Maureen Stapleton was an American actress in film, theater and television.
/m/049d1	Kuala Lumpur, sometimes abbreviated as K.L., is the federal capital and most populous city in Malaysia. The city covers an area of 243 km² and has an estimated population of 1.6 million as of 2012. Greater Kuala Lumpur, also known as the Klang Valley, is an urban agglomeration of 5.7 million as of 2010. It is among the fastest growing metropolitan regions in the country, in terms of population and economy.\nKuala Lumpur is the seat of the Parliament of Malaysia. The city was once home to the executive and judicial branches of the federal government, but they were moved to Putrajaya in early 1999. Some sections of the judiciary still remains in the capital city of Kuala Lumpur. The official residence of the Malaysian King, the Istana Negara, is also situated in Kuala Lumpur. Rated as an alpha world city, Kuala Lumpur is the cultural, financial and economic centre of Malaysia due to its position as the capital as well as being a key city. Kuala Lumpur was ranked 48th among global cities by Foreign Policy's 2010 Global Cities Index and was ranked 67th among global cities for economic and social innovation by the 2thinknow Innovation Cities Index in 2010.
/m/02x4wb	The Grammy Award for Best Metal Performance is an award presented at the Grammy Awards to recording artists for works containing quality performances in the heavy metal music genre. The Grammy Awards is an annual ceremony, where honors in several categories are presented by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position\". It was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards.\nThe NARAS recognized heavy metal music artists for the first time at the 31st Grammy Awards. The category was originally presented as Best Hard Rock/Metal Performance Vocal or Instrumental, combining two of the most popular music genres of the 1980s. Jethro Tull won that award for the album Crest of a Knave, beating Metallica, which were expected to win with the album ...And Justice for All. This choice led to widespread criticism of the NARAS, as journalists suggested that the music of Jethro Tull did not belong in the hard rock or heavy metal genres. In response, the NARAS created the categories Best Hard Rock Performance and Best Metal Performance, separating the genres.
/m/0nppc	Johnson County is a county located in northeast Kansas, in the Central United States. The county is largely suburban, being part of the Kansas City metropolitan area, and containing many of its affluent southwestern suburbs. As of the 2010 census, the county population was 544,179. Its county seat is Olathe, and its most populous city is Overland Park. The county has the highest median household income and highest per-capita income in Kansas and is among the most affluent in the United States, with the 19th highest median household income in 2000 and the 46th highest per-capita income in 2005.\nIn 2010, Money magazine, in its list of the 100 Best Cities in the United States in which to live, ranked Overland Park 7th and Shawnee 17th. In 2008 the same magazine also ranked Olathe 11th.
/m/0hmt3	The New York Islanders are a professional ice hockey team based in Uniondale, New York. They are members of the Metropolitan Division of the Eastern Conference of the National Hockey League. Since their inception in 1972, the Islanders have played their home games in the Nassau Veterans Memorial Coliseum. The Islanders are one of three NHL franchises in the New York City metropolitan area along with the New Jersey Devils and the New York Rangers, with the Islanders' primary fan base being suburban Long Island. The Islanders have a rivalry with the Rangers referred to as the Battle of New York.\nThe team was founded in 1972 as part of the NHL's maneuvers to keep a team from the rival World Hockey Association out of Nassau Coliseum, and found almost instant success by securing fourteen straight playoff berths starting with their third season. The Islanders won four consecutive Stanley Cup championships between 1980 and 1983, the seventh of eight dynasties recognized by the NHL in its history. Also between 1980 and 1984 they won 19 consecutive playoff series, a feat still unparalleled in the history of professional sports.\nSince the end of the dynasty the franchise has been plagued by money troubles, poor ownership and management, an aging arena, and low attendance. The woes have been reflected on the ice. Since 1987–88, the team has not won a division title, and their last playoff series win was during the 1992–93 NHL season. After 10 years of various failed attempts to rebuild or replace the Nassau Coliseum, the Islanders announced on October 24, 2012 that the franchise will be moving to the Barclays Center in the New York City borough of Brooklyn for the 2015–16 NHL season once their lease at the Coliseum expires.
/m/01vsy9_	Harry Lillis \"Bing\" Crosby, Jr. was an American singer and actor. Crosby's trademark bass-baritone voice made him one of the best-selling recording artists of the 20th century, with over half a billion records in circulation.\nA multimedia star, from 1934 to 1954 Bing Crosby was a leader in record sales, radio ratings, and motion picture grosses. His early career coincided with technical recording innovations; this allowed him to develop a laid-back, intimate singing style that influenced many of the popular male singers who followed him, including Perry Como, Frank Sinatra, and Dean Martin. Yank magazine recognized Crosby as the person who had done the most for American G.I. morale during World War II and, during his peak years, around 1948, polls declared him the \"most admired man alive\", ahead of Jackie Robinson and Pope Pius XII. Also in 1948, the Music Digest estimated that Crosby recordings filled more than half of the 80,000 weekly hours allocated to recorded radio music.\nCrosby exerted an important influence on the development of the postwar recording industry. He worked for NBC at the time and wanted to record his shows; however, most broadcast networks did not allow recording. This was primarily because the quality of recording at the time was not as good as live broadcast sound quality. While in Europe performing during the war, Crosby had witnessed tape recording, on which The Crosby Research Foundation would come to have many patents. The company also developed equipment and recording techniques such as the laugh track which are still in use today. In 1947, he invested $50,000 in the Ampex company, which built North America's first commercial reel-to-reel tape recorder. He left NBC to work for ABC because NBC was not interested in recording at the time. This proved beneficial because ABC accepted him and his new ideas. Crosby then became the first performer to pre-record his radio shows and master his commercial recordings onto magnetic tape. He gave one of the first Ampex Model 200 recorders to his friend, musician Les Paul, which led directly to Paul's invention of multitrack recording. Along with Frank Sinatra, Crosby was one of the principal backers behind the famous United Western Recorders recording studio complex in Los Angeles.
/m/02wvf2s	The West Virginia Mountaineers football team represents West Virginia University in the NCAA Football Bowl Subdivision of college football. Dana Holgorsen is WVU's current head coach, the 33rd in the program's history. West Virginia plays its home games on Mountaineer Field at Milan Puskar Stadium on the campus of West Virginia University in Morgantown, West Virginia. The Mountaineers compete in the Big 12 Conference.\nWith a 712–471–45 record, WVU ranks 14th in victories among NCAA FBS programs, as well as the most victories among those programs that never claimed nor won a National Championship. West Virginia was originally classified as a College Division school in the 1937 season, becoming a University Division school from 1939–72. WVU received Division I classification in 1973, becoming a Division I-A program from 1978–2006 and an FBS program from 2006 to the present. The Mountaineers have registered 80 winning seasons in their history, including one unbeaten season and five 11-win seasons. The Mountaineers have won a total of 15 conference championships, including eight Southern Conference titles and seven Big East Conference titles.
/m/0frsw	The Police were an English rock band formed in London in 1977. For the majority of their history, the band consisted of Sting, Andy Summers and Stewart Copeland. The Police became globally popular in the late 1970s and are generally regarded as one of the first new wave groups to achieve mainstream success, playing a style of rock that was influenced by punk, reggae, and jazz. The group disbanded in 1986, but reunited in early 2007 for a one-off world tour lasting until August 2008.\nTheir 1983 album, Synchronicity, was number one on both the UK Albums Chart and the US Billboard 200, and sold over 8 million copies in the US. The Police have sold more than 75 million records worldwide, and were the world's highest-earning musicians in 2008, thanks to their reunion tour.\nThe band has won a number of music awards throughout their career, including six Grammy Awards, two Brit Awards, an MTV Video Music Award, and in 2003 were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. Four of their five studio albums appeared on Rolling Stone's list of the 500 Greatest Albums of All Time. The Police were included among both Rolling Stone's and VH1's lists of the 100 Greatest Artists of All Time.
/m/0178_w	The Doobie Brothers are an American rock band. The band has sold more than 40 million albums worldwide throughout their career. The group was inducted into The Vocal Group Hall of Fame in 2004.
/m/013b2h	The 44th Annual Grammy Awards were held on February 27, 2002 at Staples Center, Los Angeles. The main recipient was Alicia Keys, winning five Grammys, including Best New Artist and Song of the Year for \"Fallin'\". U2 won four awards including Record of the Year and Best Rock Album.
/m/01gwck	Portland State University is a public coeducational research university located in the southwest University District of downtown Portland, Oregon, United States. Founded in 1946, it has the largest overall undergraduate and graduate enrollment of any university in the state of Oregon, and is also the only public urban university in the state that is located in a major metropolitan city. Portland State offers Bachelor's and Master's degrees, as well as doctorates in seventeen fields. Portland State is part of the Oregon University System.\nThe athletic teams are known as the Portland State Vikings with school colors of green and white. Teams compete at the NCAA Division I Level, primarily in the Big Sky Conference. Schools at Portland State include the School of Business Administration, Graduate School of Education, College of the Arts, School of Social Work, College of Urban and Public Affairs, Maseeh College of Engineering and Computer Science, and the College of Liberal Arts and Sciences.\nThe university was ranked among the top fifteen percentile of American universities in The Best 376 Colleges by The Princeton Review in 2012 for undergraduate education.
/m/07t31	The United States Congress is the bicameral legislature of the federal government of the United States consisting of two houses: the House of Representatives and the Senate. The Congress meets in the Capitol in Washington, D.C. Both representatives and senators are chosen through direct election. Members are affiliated to the Republican Party or to the Democratic Party, and only rarely to a third-party or as independents. Congress has 535 voting members: 435 Representatives and 100 Senators.\nThe members of the House of Representatives serve two-year terms representing the people of a district. Congressional districts are apportioned to states by population using the United States Census results, provided that each state has at least one congressperson. Each state regardless of population has exactly two senators; at present there are 100 senators representing the 50 states. Each senator serves a six-year term, with terms staggered, so every two years approximately one-third of the Senate is up for election. Each staggered group of one-third of the senators are called 'classes'. No state of the United States has two senators from the same class.
/m/0fby2t	Jonah Hill Feldstein, known professionally as Jonah Hill, is an American actor, producer, screenwriter, comedian, and voice actor. He is a two-time Academy Award nominee, for his performances in the films Moneyball and The Wolf of Wall Street. He is also known for his roles in Superbad, Knocked Up, Funny People, Get Him to the Greek, 21 Jump Street, and This Is the End, as well as for his voice role in How to Train Your Dragon.
/m/0f3m1	The Empire Strikes Back, later released as Star Wars Episode V: The Empire Strikes Back, is a 1980 American epic space opera film directed by Irvin Kershner, produced by Gary Kurtz, and written by Leigh Brackett and Lawrence Kasdan, with George Lucas writing the film's story and serving as executive producer. Of the six main Star Wars films, it was the second to be released and the fifth in terms of internal chronology.\nThe film is set three years after Star Wars. The Galactic Empire, under the leadership of the villainous Darth Vader, is in pursuit of Luke Skywalker and the rest of the Rebel Alliance. While Vader chases a small band of Luke's friends—Han Solo, Princess Leia Organa, and others—across the galaxy, Luke studies the Force under Jedi Master Yoda. But when Vader captures Luke's friends, Luke must decide whether to complete his training and become a full Jedi Knight or to confront Vader and save his comrades.\nFollowing a difficult production, The Empire Strikes Back was released on May 21, 1980, and initially received mixed reviews from critics, although it has since grown in esteem, becoming the most critically acclaimed chapter in the Star Wars saga and is considered one of the greatest films ever made. It became the highest-grossing film of 1980 and, to date, has earned more than $538 million worldwide from its original run and several re-releases. When adjusted for inflation, it is the 12th-highest-grossing film in North America.
/m/03j76b	AC Sparta Prague is a Czech football club based in Prague. It is the most successful club in the Czech Republic and one of the most successful in Central Europe, winning the Central European Cup three times as well as having reached the semifinals of the European Cup in 1992 and the European Cup Winners Cup in 1973. Sparta have also been successful on the international stage, winning the Pequeña Copa del Mundo de Clubes in 1969. Sparta have won the Gambrinus Liga a record 35 times, the Czech Cup 27 times, also a record, and the Czech Supercup once. Sparta was long the main source for the Czech Republic national football team, however lately this has ceased to be the case, as the best Czech players almost all now play in higher-paying foreign leagues. There are a number of outstanding players who have played for the Sparta over the years. Sparta play at Prague's Generali Arena.
/m/04f73rc	Crossover thrash is a form of thrash metal and hardcore punk which had mixed both genres together or had influences from each other. The genre lies on a continuum between heavy metal and punk rock. Other genres on the same continuum have significant overlap with crossover thrash, and besides tradition hardcore punk and thrash metal, include such related genres as thrashcore, grindcore and skate punk.
/m/0dt1cm	Aliaune Damala Bouga Time Bongo Puru Nacka Lu Lu Lu Badara Akon Thiam, known as Akon, is a Senegalese American R&B and hip hop recording artist, songwriter, and record producer. He rose to prominence in 2004 following the release of \"Locked Up\", the first single from his debut album Trouble.\nHe has since founded two successful record labels, Konvict Muzik and Kon Live Distribution. His second album, Konvicted received three nominations for the Grammy Awards in two categories, Best Contemporary R&B Album for Konvicted album and Best Rap/Sung Collaboration for \"Smack That\" and \"I Wanna Love You\".\nHe is the first solo artist to hold both the number one and two spots simultaneously on the Billboard Hot 100 charts twice. Akon has had four songs certified as 3x platinum, three songs certified as 2x platinum, more than ten songs certified as 1x platinum and more than ten songs certified as gold in digital sales. Akon has sung songs in other languages including Tamil, Hindi and Spanish. He was listed by the Guinness Book of World Records as the #1 selling artist for master ringtones in the world.\nAkon often provides vocals as a featured artist and is currently credited with over 300 guest appearances and more than 35 Billboard Hot 100 songs. He has worked with numerous performers such as Michael Jackson, Eminem, Snoop Dogg, Whitney Houston, Bone Thugs-N-Harmony, Gwen Stefani and many more artists. He has had five Grammy Awards nominations and has produced many hits for artists such as Lady Gaga, Colby O'Donis, Kardinal Offishall, Leona Lewis and T-Pain.
/m/0b1y_2	Dreamgirls is a 2006 musical drama film, directed by Bill Condon and jointly produced and released by DreamWorks Pictures and Paramount Pictures. The film debuted in three special road show engagements starting in December 15, 2006 before its nationwide release on December 25, 2006. Adapted from the 1981 Broadway musical of the same name by composer Henry Krieger and lyricist/librettist Tom Eyen, Dreamgirls is a film à clef of the histories of the Motown record label and one of its acts, The Supremes. The story follows the history and evolution of American R&B music during the 1960s and 1970s through the eyes of a Detroit, Michigan girl group known as the Dreams and their manipulative record executive.\nThe film adaptation of Dreamgirls stars Jamie Foxx, Beyoncé Knowles, Eddie Murphy, and Jennifer Hudson, and also features Danny Glover, Anika Noni Rose and Keith Robinson. Produced by Laurence Mark, the film's screenplay was adapted by director Bill Condon from the original Broadway book by Tom Eyen. In addition to the original Kreiger/Eyen compositions, four new songs, composed by Krieger with various lyricists, were added for this film. Dreamgirls features the debut of Hudson, also a singer and former American Idol contestant, as an actress.
/m/0167km	Rick Springfield is an Australian musician, singer-songwriter, and actor. He was a member of the pop rock group Zoot from 1969 to 1971, then started his solo career with his début single \"Speak to the Sky\" reaching the top 10 in Australia. In mid-1972, he relocated to the United States. He had a No. 1 hit with \"Jessie's Girl\" in 1981 in both Australia and the US. He received the Grammy Award for Best Male Rock Vocal Performance for \"Jessie's Girl\". He followed with four more top 10 US hits, \"I've Done Everything for You\", \"Don't Talk to Strangers\", \"Affair of the Heart\" and \"Love Somebody\". His two US top 10 albums are Working Class Dog and Success Hasn't Spoiled Me Yet. As an actor, he portrayed Dr. Noah Drake on the daytime drama General Hospital, from 1981 to 1983 and during 2005 to 2008 and 2012, returning in 2013 for the show's 50th anniversary with son and actor Liam Springthorpe. In 2010, Springfield published his autobiography, Late, Late at Night: A Memoir.
/m/06796	Psychotherapy is a general term referring to therapeutic interaction or treatment contracted between a trained professional and a client, patient, family, couple, or group. The problems addressed are psychological in nature and can vary in terms of their causes, influences, triggers, and potential resolutions. Accurate assessment of these and other variables depends on the practitioner's capability and can change or evolve as the practitioner acquires experience, knowledge, and insight.\nPsychotherapy includes interactive processes between a person or group and a qualified mental health professional. Its purpose is the exploration of thoughts, feelings and behavior for the purpose of problem solving or achieving higher levels of functioning. Psychotherapy aims to increase the individual's sense of his/her own well-being. Psychotherapists employ a range of techniques based on experiential relationship building, dialogue, communication and behavior change that are designed to improve the mental health of a client or patient, or to improve group relationships.
/m/01nsyf	Kikuko Inoue is a Japanese voice actress, narrator and singer songwriter. She has been part of the singing groups DoCo and Goddess Family Club, among others, and is the manager of her voice-acting company, Office Anemone. Inoue tends to play the \"perfect girlfriend\" or \"motherly\" role in many series, but she has also played more sultry and provocative roles. She is married and has one daughter.Her current family name is Kumatani.
/m/0ckf6	West Ham United Football Club is an English professional football club based in Upton Park, East London, England currently playing in the Premier League, England's top tier of football. The club was founded in 1895 as Thames Ironworks FC and reformed in 1900 as West Ham United. In 1904 the club relocated to their current Boleyn Ground stadium. They initially competed in the Southern League and Western League before eventually joining the full Football League in 1919 and subsequently enjoyed promotion to the top flight for the 1923 season. 1923 also saw the club feature in the first FA Cup Final to be held at Wembley against Bolton Wanderers.\nIn 1940 the team won the inaugural Football League War Cup. The club have won the FA Cup three times: in 1964, 1975 and 1980 as well as being runners-up twice, in 1923 and 2006. In 1965, they won the European Cup Winners Cup, and in 1999 they won the Intertoto Cup. They are one of eight existent clubs never to have fallen below the second tier of English football, spending 55 of 87 league seasons in Division 1 to 2013. However, unlike the other seven, the club has never won the league title. The club's best final league position is third place in the 1985–86 First Division.
/m/05mkn	Okinawa Prefecture is the southernmost prefecture of Japan. It comprises hundreds of the Ryukyu Islands in a chain over 1,000 kilometres long. The Ryukyus extend southwest from Kyūshū to Taiwan. The Okinawa Prefecture encompasses the southern two thirds of that chain. Okinawa's capital, Naha, is located in the southern part of Okinawa Island.
/m/06cmp	The Roman Empire was the post-Republican period of the ancient Roman civilization, characterised by an autocratic form of government and large territorial holdings around the Mediterranean in Europe, Africa, and Asia. The 500-year-old Roman Republic, which preceded it, had been destabilized through a series of civil wars. Several events marked the transition from Republic to Empire, including Julius Caesar's appointment as perpetual dictator; the Battle of Actium; and the granting of the honorific Augustus to Octavian by the Roman Senate.\nThe first two centuries of the Empire were a period of unprecedented stability and prosperity known as the Pax Romana. It reached its greatest expanse during the reign of Trajan. In the 3rd century, the Empire underwent a crisis that threatened its existence, but was reunified and stabilized under the emperors Aurelian and Diocletian. Christians rose to power in the 4th century, during which time a system of dual rule was developed in the Latin West and Greek East. After the collapse of central government in the West in the 5th century, the eastern half of the Roman Empire continued as what would later be known as the Byzantine Empire.
/m/03fg0r	Darren Bennett Star is an American producer, director and writer for film and television. He is best known for creating the television series Melrose Place, Beverly Hills, 90210 and Sex and the City.
/m/027l0b	Gene Wilder is a retired American stage and screen comic actor, director, screenwriter, author, and activist.\nWilder began his career on stage, and made his screen debut in the TV-series Armstrong Circle Theatre in 1962. Although his first film role was portraying a hostage in the 1967 motion picture Bonnie and Clyde, Wilder's first major role was as Leopold Bloom in the 1968 film The Producers for which he was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor. This was the first in a series of collaborations with writer/director Mel Brooks, including 1974's Blazing Saddles and Young Frankenstein, the latter of which garnered the pair an Academy Award nomination for Best Adapted Screenplay. Wilder is known for his portrayal of Willy Wonka in Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory and for his four films with Richard Pryor: Silver Streak, Stir Crazy, See No Evil, Hear No Evil, and Another You. Wilder has directed and written several of his films, including The Woman in Red.\nHis third wife was actress Gilda Radner, with whom he starred in three films. Her death from ovarian cancer led to his active involvement in promoting cancer awareness and treatment, helping found the Gilda Radner Ovarian Cancer Detection Center in Los Angeles and co-founding Gilda's Club.
/m/03fhjz	FC Levadia Tallinn is an Estonian football club based in Tallinn. The club was founded in 1998 under the name FC Levadia Maardu. FC Levadia play in the Meistriliiga, the highest level of Estonian football. FC Levadia have won eight league titles, seven Estonian Cups, five Estonian SuperCups and have reached the UEFA Cup first round in 2006.
/m/0k6nt	Denmark, officially the Kingdom of Denmark, is a sovereign state in Northern Europe, located south-west of Sweden, south of Norway, and bordered to the south by Germany. The Kingdom has two autonomous constituent countries in the north Atlantic Ocean, the Faroe Islands and Greenland. At 43,094 square kilometres, and a population of around 5.6 million inhabitants, Denmark consists of a peninsula, Jutland, and the Danish archipelago of 407 islands, of which around 70 are inhabited, are characterised by flat, arable land and sandy coasts with little elevation and a temperate climate. The national language, Danish, is closely related to and mutually intelligible with Swedish and Norwegian.\nThe Kingdom of Denmark is a unitary constitutional monarchy with Margrethe II as queen regnant, organised in a parliamentary democracy. Ending absolute monarchy introduced in 1660, the Constitution of Denmark was signed on 5 June 1849, only to be rewritten four times; the latest revision in 1953. The government resides in the capital of Copenhagen. Denmark exercises hegemonic influence in the Danish Realm, devolving political powers to handle internal affairs to the Faroe Islands and Greenland. Denmark became a member of the European Union in 1973, maintaining four opt-outs from European Union policies, as outlined in the 1992 Edinburgh Agreement. Both the Faroe Islands and Greenland remain outside the Union.
/m/07z4p	Video is an electronic medium for the recording, copying and broadcasting of moving visual images.
/m/04n8xs	The Equatorial Guinea national football team, nicknamed Nzalang Nacional, is the national team of Equatorial Guinea and is controlled by the Federación Ecuatoguineana de Fútbol. It is a member of Confederation of African Football. Though Equatorial Guinea has traditionally been one of the lowest ranked teams in Africa, the recent influx of Spanish-born players having Equatoguinean heritage has strengthened the national team and resulted in some solid performances. They qualified as co-hosts for the 2012 Africa Cup of Nations. The hosting of the tournament lead to the construction of two new football stadia in the country: Estadio de Bata in Bata on the mainland, and Estadio de Malabo in Malabo.
/m/04zyhx	The Rules of Attraction is a 2002 comedy-drama film written and directed by Roger Avary, based on the novel of the same name by Bret Easton Ellis. It stars James van der Beek, Shannyn Sossamon, Ian Somerhalder, Jessica Biel, and Kip Pardue.
/m/07d3x	Sir Terence David John \"Terry\" Pratchett, OBE is an English author of fantasy novels, especially comical works. He is best known for the Discworld series of about 40 volumes. Pratchett's first novel, The Carpet People, was published in 1971, and since his first Discworld novel was published in 1983, he has written two books a year on average. His Discworld book, Snuff, was at the time of its release the third-fastest-selling hardback adult-audience novel since records began in the United Kingdom, selling 55,000 copies in the first three days.\nPratchett was the UK's best-selling author of the 1990s, and has sold over 85 million books worldwide in 37 languages. He is currently the second most-read writer in the UK, and seventh most-read non-US author in the US.\nPratchett was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire in 1998 and was knighted for services to literature in the 2009 New Year Honours. In 2001 he won the annual Carnegie Medal for The Amazing Maurice and his Educated Rodents, the first Discworld book marketed for children.\nIn December 2007, Pratchett announced that he was suffering from early-onset Alzheimer's disease. Subsequently he made a substantial public donation to the Alzheimer's Research Trust, and filmed a programme chronicling his experiences with the disease for the BBC.
/m/08lpkq	Vocal jazz or jazz singing is an instrumental approach to the voice, where the singer can match the instruments in their stylistic approach to the lyrics, improvised or otherwise, or through scat singing; that is, the use of non-morphemic syllables to imitate the sound of instruments.
/m/01ct6	The Baltimore Ravens are a professional American football team based in Baltimore, Maryland, playing in the North Division of the American Football Conference in the National Football League. The team has played its home games at M&T Bank Stadium in downtown Baltimore since 1998, and is headquartered at the Under Armour Performance Center in Owings Mills.\nThe Ravens were established in 1996, when then-owner of the Cleveland Browns, Art Modell, announced plans to relocate the franchise to Baltimore. As part of a settlement between the league and the city of Cleveland, Modell was required to leave the Browns' name, colors and heritage in Cleveland for a replacement team that took the field in 1999. In return, he was allowed to take his players to Baltimore, where his new team would be legally recognized as an expansion team. The team's name was inspired by Edgar Allan Poe's poem The Raven—as Poe lived for a time in Baltimore, died and was buried there in 1849.\nThe Ravens have experienced great success in their brief history, making the playoffs nine times since 2000, with two Super Bowl victories, two AFC Championship titles, four AFC North division titles, and are currently the only team in the NFL to hold a perfect record in multiple Super Bowl appearances. The Ravens organization has been led by general manager Ozzie Newsome since 2002, and has had three head coaches: Ted Marchibroda, Brian Billick, and John Harbaugh. With a record-breaking defensive unit in their 2000 season, the team established a reputation for relying on strong defensive play, led by players like middle linebacker Ray Lewis, who, until his retirement, was considered the \"face of the franchise.\" The team is owned by Steve Bisciotti and valued at $1.157 billion, making the Ravens the 19th-most valuable sports franchise in the world.
/m/07s4l	Typhoid fever — also known simply as typhoid — is a common worldwide bacterial disease transmitted by the ingestion of food or water contaminated with the feces of an infected person, which contain the bacterium Salmonella enterica enterica, serovar Typhi.\nThe disease has received various names, such as gastric fever, abdominal typhus, infantile remittant fever, slow fever, nervous fever and pythogenic fever. The name typhoid means \"resembling typhus\" and comes from the neuropsychiatric symptoms common to typhoid and typhus. Despite this similarity of their names, typhoid fever and typhus are distinct diseases and are caused by different species of bacteria.\nThe impact of this disease fell sharply in the developed world with the application of 20th-century sanitation techniques.
/m/01shy7	Zoolander is a 2001 American comedy film directed by and starring Ben Stiller. The film contains elements from a pair of short films directed by Russell Bates and written by Drake Sather and Stiller for the VH1 Fashion Awards television specials in 1996 and 1997. The short films and the film itself feature a dimwitted male model named Derek Zoolander, played by Stiller. The film involves Zoolander becoming a pawn in a plot to assassinate the Prime Minister of Malaysia by corrupt fashion executives.
/m/0symg	Dead Man is a 1995 American Western film written and directed by Jim Jarmusch. It stars Johnny Depp, Gary Farmer, Billy Bob Thornton, Iggy Pop, Crispin Glover, John Hurt, Michael Wincott, Lance Henriksen, Gabriel Byrne, and Robert Mitchum. The film, dubbed a \"Psychedelic Western\" by its director, includes twisted elements of the Western genre. The film is shot entirely in black-and-white. Neil Young composed the guitar seeped soundtrack with portions he improvised while watching the movie footage. Some consider it the ultimate postmodern Western, and related to postmodern literature such as Cormac McCarthy's novel, Blood Meridian.
/m/05zrvfd	This is a following list for the MTV Movie Award winners for Best Scared-As-S**t Performance. The award was first given out in 2005 and then 2006. In 2010 this award was renamed from Best Frightened Performance. The award was not presented in 2012. In 2013, it was given back its original name, Best Scared-As-S**t Performance.
/m/0ch280	The University of Texas School of Law is an ABA-certified American law school located on the campus of The University of Texas at Austin. The law school has been in operation since the founding of the University in 1883. It was one of only two schools at the University when it was founded; the other was the liberal arts school. The school offers both Juris Doctor and Master of Laws degrees. It also offers dual degree programs with the JD, such as an MBA, MPA, and PhD. The school has been ranked No. 15 in the nation by U.S. News & World Report, and is consistently ranked among the top twenty law schools in the United States. The school has also ranked No. 1 for the biggest return on investment among law schools in the United States.\nThe school has 19,000 living alumni, over 4,000 of whom practice law outside of Texas.
/m/0xdf	An autobiography is a written account of the life of a person written by that person.
/m/01znj1	Gallipoli is a 1981 Australian film directed by Peter Weir and starring Mel Gibson and Mark Lee, about several young men from rural Western Australia who enlist in the Australian Army during the First World War. They are sent to the peninsula of Gallipoli in the Ottoman Empire, where they take part in the Gallipoli Campaign. During the course of the movie, the young men slowly lose their innocence about the purpose of war. The climax of the movie occurs on the Anzac battlefield at Gallipoli and depicts the futile attack at the Battle of the Nek on 7 August 1915.\nGallipoli provides a faithful portrayal of life in Australia in the 1910s—reminiscent of Weir's 1975 film Picnic at Hanging Rock set in 1900—and captures the ideals and character of the Australians who joined up to fight, as well as the conditions they endured on the battlefield. It does, however, modify events for dramatic purposes and contains a number of significant historical inaccuracies.\nIt followed the Australian New Wave war film Breaker Morant and preceded the 5-part TV series ANZACs, and The Lighthorsemen. Recurring themes of these films include the Australian identity, such as mateship and larrikinism, the loss of innocence in war, and the continued coming of age of the Australian nation and its soldiers.
/m/0myfz	Wood County is a county located in the state of Ohio, United States. According to the 2010 census, it has a population of 125,488, which is an increase of 3.7% from 121,065 in 2000. Its county seat is Bowling Green. The county was named for Captain Eleazer D. Wood, the engineer for General William Henry Harrison's army, who built Fort Meigs in the War of 1812. Wood County is part of the Toledo Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/03bnb	General Electric is an advanced technology, services and financial company taking on the world's toughest challenges.  Dedicated to innovation in energy, health, transportation and infrastructure, GE operates in more than 100 countries and employs about 300,000 people worldwide.
/m/05rrw9	The First Continental Congress was a convention of delegates from twelve colonies that met on September 5, 1774, at Carpenters' Hall in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, early in the American Revolution. It was called in response to the passage of the Coercive Acts by the British Parliament. The Intolerable Acts had punished Boston for the Boston Tea Party.\nThe Congress was attended by 56 members appointed by the legislatures of twelve of the Thirteen Colonies, the exception being the Province of Georgia, which was hoping for British assistance with Indian problems on its frontier.\nThe Congress met briefly to consider options, including an economic boycott of British trade; rights and grievances; and petitioned King George III for redress of those grievances.\nThe Congress also called for another Continental Congress in the event that their petition was unsuccessful in halting enforcement of the Intolerable Acts. Their appeal to the Crown had no effect, and so the Second Continental Congress was convened the following year to organize the defense of the colonies at the onset of the American Revolutionary War. The delegates also urged each colony to set up and train its own militia.
/m/018ldw	Oakville is a suburban town in Southern Ontario, Canada. Located in Halton Region, on Lake Ontario, it is part of the Greater Toronto Area. As of the 2011 census the population was 182,520.
/m/04mvp8	Malayali is the term used to refer to the native speakers of Malayalam, originating from the Indian state of Kerala. The Malayali identity is primarily linguistic, although in recent times the definition has been broadened to include emigrants of Malayali descent who partly maintain Malayali cultural traditions, even if they do not regularly speak the language.While the origins of the Malayali people are in the state of Kerala, significant populations also exist in other parts of India, the Middle East, Europe and North America. According to the Indian census of 2001, there were 30,803,747 speakers of Malayalam in Kerala, making up 96.7% of the total population of that state. Hence the word Keralite is often used in the same context, though a proper definition is ambiguous.
/m/05sxg2	A theatrical producer is a person who oversees all aspects of mounting a theatre production. The producer manages the overall financial and managerial functions of a production or venue, raises or provides financial backing, and hires personnel for creative positions.\nThe independent producer usually initiates the production—finding the script and starting the process. The producer finds the director and pursues the primary goals, to balance and coordinate business and financial aspects in the service of the creative realization of the playwright's vision. This may include casting, but often only includes casting approval. The producer may secure funds for the production, either through their own company or by bringing investors into the production in a limited partnership agreement. In this business structure, the producer becomes the general partner with unlimited liability, and because of this, often brings in other general partners. The producer probably has optioned the play from the playwright, which includes rights to future production for film and television. The producer earns the right to future ventures because the original theatrical production enhances the value of an artistic property. This right to further options may be included in the royalty agreement. In other duties, the producer may work with theatrical agents, negotiate with unions, find other staff, secure the theatre and rehearsal hall, obtain liability and workers' compensation insurance, and post bonds with unions.
/m/0hhtgcw	The 38th People's Choice Awards, honoring the best in popular culture for 2011, were held on January 11, 2012 at the Nokia Theatre in Los Angeles, California, and were broadcast live on CBS at 9:00 pm ET. This year's ceremony was hosted by Kaley Cuoco.\nKaty Perry dominated the 38th People's Choice Awards by winning the most awards, winning five out of seven nominations, including Favorite Female Artist. Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 2 won four awards, including Favorite Movie. How I Met Your Mother won three awards, including Favorite TV Comedy, Emma Stone won two awards, including Favorite Movie Actress. Supernatural also won two awards, including Favorite Network TV Drama.\nOn November 8, 2011, the nominees were announced. The movie Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 2 received the most nominations this year with nine. The TV series Glee and singer Katy Perry each received seven nominations. Nina Dobrev received the award for Favorite TV Drama Actress by being written in by fans, making her the first write-in person to ever do so.
/m/077q8x	Bird is a 1988 American biographical film, produced and directed by Clint Eastwood of a screenplay written by Joel Oliansky. The film is a tribute to the life and music of jazz saxophonist Charlie \"Bird\" Parker. It is constructed as a montage of scenes from Parker's life, from his childhood in Kansas City, through his early death at the age of thirty-four.\nThe film moves back and forth through Parker's history, blending moments to find some truth to his life. Much of the movie revolves around his only grounding relationships with wife Chan Parker, Bebop pioneer trumpet player and band leader Dizzy Gillespie, and his influence on trumpet player Red Rodney.
/m/0bsb4j	Grant Heslov is an American actor, film producer, screenwriter and director, known for producing Argo for which he received an Academy Award for Best Picture as co-producer in 2013.
/m/03bnv	George Harrison, MBE was an English musician, singer and songwriter who achieved international fame as the lead guitarist of the Beatles. Although John Lennon and Paul McCartney were the band's primary songwriters, most of their albums included at least one Harrison composition, including \"While My Guitar Gently Weeps\", \"Here Comes the Sun\" and \"Something\", which became the Beatles' second-most-covered song.\nHarrison's earliest musical influences included Big Bill Broonzy, George Formby and Django Reinhardt; Chet Atkins, Chuck Berry and Ry Cooder were significant later influences. By 1965 he had begun to lead the Beatles into folk rock through his interest in the Byrds and Bob Dylan, and towards Indian classical music through his use of the sitar on \"Norwegian Wood\". He developed an interest in the Hare Krishna movement and became an admirer of Indian culture and mysticism, introducing them to the other members of the Beatles and their Western audience by incorporating Indian instrumentation in their music. After the band's break-up in 1970, Harrison released the triple album All Things Must Pass, from which two hit singles originated. He also organized the 1971 Concert for Bangladesh with Ravi Shankar, a precursor for later benefit concerts such as Live Aid. Harrison was a music and film producer as well as a musician; he founded Dark Horse Records in 1974 and co-founded HandMade Films in 1978.
/m/041288	The African, Caribbean and Pacific Group of States is a group of countries in Africa, the Caribbean, and the Pacific that was created by the Georgetown Agreement in 1975. The group's main objectives are sustainable development and poverty reduction within its member states, as well as their greater integration into the world's economy. All of the member states, except Cuba, are signatories to the Cotonou Agreement with the European Union.\nThe Cotonou Agreement is the successor to the Lomé Conventions. One of the major differences from the Lomé Convention is that the partnership is extended to new actors such as civil society, private sector, trade unions and local authorities. These will be involved in consultations and planning of national development strategies, provided with access to financial resources and involved in the implementation of programmes.\nMany small island developing states are ACP states; the fourth Lomé Convention was revised in 1995 in Mauritius and gives special attention to island countries in this agreement.
/m/03815c	Student rights are those rights, such as civil, constitutional, contractual and consumer rights, which regulate student rights and freedoms and allow students to make use of their educational investment. These include such things as the right to free speech and association, to due process, equality, autonomy, safety and privacy, and accountability in contracts and advertising, which regulate the treatment of students by teachers and administrators. Students, here, include people attending schools, universities, colleges and other educational institutions. There is very little scholarship about Student Rights throughout the world. Some countries, like Romania, in the European Union, have comprehensive student bills of rights, which are both clear and accessible to students. Most countries, however, like the United States and Canada, have a number of legislative documents and court precedents but do not have a cohesive bill of rights which students can easily access. There has been some criticism that student rights in North America are progressing at a much slower rate than they are progressing in Europe due, in part, to a lack of accessible information and due, in part, to the student government movement which has replaced the student union movement.
/m/07s467s	An environmentalist broadly supports the goals of the environmental movement, \"a political and ethical movement that seeks to improve and protect the quality of the natural environment through changes to environmentally harmful human activities\". An environmentalist is engaged in or believes in the philosophy of environmentalism.\nEnvironmentalists are sometimes referred to using informal or derogatory terms such as \"greenie\" and \"tree-hugger\".
/m/09v7wsg	This is a list of winners and nominees of the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Costumes for a Series.
/m/0d0x8	Georgia is a state located in the southeastern United States. It was established in 1732, the last of the original Thirteen Colonies. Named after King George II of Great Britain, Georgia was the fourth state to ratify the United States Constitution, on January 2, 1788. It declared its secession from the Union on January 19, 1861, and was one of the original seven Confederate states. It was the last state to be restored to the Union, on July 15, 1870. Georgia is the 24th most extensive and the 8th most populous of the 50 United States. From 2007 to 2008, 14 of Georgia's counties ranked among the nation's 100 fastest-growing, second only to Texas. Georgia is known as the Peach State and the Empire State of the South. Atlanta is the state's capital and its most populous city.\nGeorgia is bordered on the south by Florida; on the east by the Atlantic Ocean and South Carolina; on the west by Alabama; and on the north by Tennessee and North Carolina. The northern part of the state is in the Blue Ridge Mountains, a mountain range in the Appalachian Mountain system. The central Piedmont extends from the foothills to the fall line, where the rivers cascade down in elevation to the continental coastal plain of the southern part of the state. The highest point in Georgia is Brasstown Bald, 4,784 feet; the lowest point is the Atlantic Ocean. Georgia is the largest state east of the Mississippi River in land area, although it is the fourth largest in total area, including expanses of water that are part of state territory.
/m/0d68qy	30 Rock is an American satirical television sitcom that ran on NBC from October 11, 2006, to January 31, 2013, and was created by Tina Fey. The series, which is loosely based on Fey's experiences as head writer for Saturday Night Live, takes place behind the scenes of a fictional live sketch comedy series depicted as airing on NBC. The series' name refers to 30 Rockefeller Plaza in New York City, the address of the GE Building, in which the NBC Studios are located. This series is produced by Broadway Video and Little Stranger, Inc., in association with NBCUniversal.\n30 Rock episodes were produced in a single-camera setup, and were filmed in New York. The pilot episode premiered on October 11, 2006, and seven full seasons followed. The series stars Fey with a supporting cast that includes Alec Baldwin, Tracy Morgan, Jane Krakowski, Jack McBrayer, Scott Adsit, Judah Friedlander, Katrina Bowden, Keith Powell, Lonny Ross, John Lutz, Kevin Brown, Grizz Chapman, and Maulik Pancholy.\n30 Rock was a runaway critical success, winning several major awards, and achieving the esteemed top ranking on a myriad critics' year-end best of 2006 and 2007 lists. On July 14, 2009, the series was nominated for 22 Primetime Emmy Awards, the most in a single year for a comedy series. Over the course of the series, it was nominated for 112 Emmy awards and won 16, in addition to numerous other nominations and wins from other awards shows. Despite the acclaim, the series struggled in the ratings throughout its run, something which Fey herself has made light of.
/m/05nsfc	Unione Sportiva Cremonese is an Italian football club, based in Cremona. The club was founded in 1903. Cremonese played the 2005/2006 season in Serie B, having won Serie C1/A the previous season. However, in the 2005/2006 Serie B campaign, Cremonese came out twenty-first, being therefore relegated to Serie C1 for the next season. It currently plays in Lega Pro Prima Divisione.\nTheir last appearance in Serie A was in 1996. Cremonese won the Anglo-Italian Cup in 1993. Some of the famous players who played for Cremonese include Gianluca Vialli, Władysław Żmuda, Anders Limpar, Giuseppe Favalli, John Aloisi and Enrico Chiesa. Cremonese acts as a feeder club for Parma.
/m/02_xgp2	A doctorate is an academic degree or professional degree that, in most countries, qualifies the holder to teach at the university level in the specific field of his or her degree, or to work in a specific profession. While the structure of U.S. doctoral programs is more formal and complex than in some other systems, the research doctorate is not awarded for the preliminary advanced study that leads to doctoral candidacy, but rather for successfully completing and defending the independent research presented in the form of the doctoral dissertation. Several first-professional degrees use the term “doctor” in their title, such as the Juris Doctor and the US version of the Doctor of Medicine, but these degrees do not universally contain an independent research component or always require a dissertation and should not be confused with Ph.D./D.Phil. degrees or other research doctorates. In fact, many universities offer Ph.D./D.Phil. followed by a professional doctorate degree or joint Ph.D./D.Phil. with the professional degree: e.g. Ph.D./D.Phil. in law after J.D. or equivalent in physical therapy after DPT, in pharmacy after DPharm. Often such professional degrees are referred to as entry level doctorate program and Ph.D. as post-professional doctorate.
/m/095zvfg	Tom Fleischman is an American sound engineer and Re-recording mixer. He is the son of film editor Dede Allen, and documentary producer, director, and writer Stephen Fleischman. He has worked on over 170 films since 1978. He won an Academy Award in 2011 in the category Best Sound Mixing for Hugo and has received four other Oscar nominations for Reds, The Silence of the Lambs, Gangs of New York, and The Aviator.\nIn addition to his work in feature films he has also done work in television, winning four Emmy Awards in 1986 for ABC Afterschool Specials: Can A Guy Say No, in 2006 for Martin Scorsese's No Direction Home: Bob Dylan, in 2013 for History of the Eagles, Boardwalk Empire: The Milkmaid's Lot and also garnered Emmy nominations for Scorsese's George Harrison: Living in the Material World, and the HBO television series Boardwalk Empire.
/m/0pkr1	Sammo Hung, also known as Hung Kam-bo, is a Hong Kong actor, martial artist, film producer and director, known for his work in many martial arts films and Hong Kong action cinema. He has been a fight choreographer for, amongst others, Jackie Chan, King Hu, and John Woo.\nHung is one of the pivotal figures who spearheaded the Hong Kong New Wave movement of the 1980s, helped reinvent the martial arts genre and started the vampire-like jiangshi genre. He is widely credited with assisting many of his compatriots, giving them their starts in the Hong Kong film industry, by casting them in the films he produced, or giving them roles in the production crew.\nIn East Asia, it is common for people to address their elders or influential people with familial nouns as a sign of familiarity and respect. Jackie Chan, for example, is often addressed as \"Dai Goh\", meaning Big Brother. Hung was also known as \"Dai Goh\", until the filming of Project A, which featured both actors. As Hung was the eldest of the kung fu \"brothers\", and the first to make a mark on the industry, he was given the nickname \"Dai Goh Dai\", meaning, Big, Big Brother, or Biggest Big Brother.
/m/023vrq	The Grammy Award for Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group was awarded between 1991 and 2011, alongside the Grammy Award for Best Rap Solo Performance. Previously a single award was presented for Best Rap Performance.\nThe award will be discontinued from 2012 in a major overhaul of Grammy categories. From 2012, all solo and duo/group rap performances will be shifted to the revived Best Rap Performance category.\nYears reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were presented, for music released from October a year and a half prior to September the previous year.
/m/01x2tm8	Kamal Haasan is an Indian film actor, screenwriter, director, playback singer, choreographer and lyricist who works primarily in the Tamil film industry. Haasan has won several Indian film awards including four National Film Awards and 20 Filmfare Awards. With seven submissions, Kamal Hassan has starred in the highest number of films submitted by India for the Best Foreign Language Film Oscar. Haasan's production company, Rajkamal International, has produced several of his films. Kamal Hassan received the Padma Shri in 1990 and the Padma Bhushan in 2014.\nAfter several projects as a child, Haasan's breakthrough as a lead actor came in the 1975 drama Apoorva Raagangal, in which he played a rebellious youth in love with an older woman. He won his first National Film Award for his portrayal of a guileless schoolteacher who cares for a childlike amnesiac in Moondram Pirai. Haasan was noted for his performance in Mani Ratnam's Godfatheresque Tamil film Nayagan, rated by Time magazine as one of the best films in cinema history. Since then he has appeared in a number of films including his own productions, Hey Ram and Virumaandi, and the Dasavathaaram. In 2009, he completed 50 years in Indian cinema.
/m/01f9zw	William Harrison \"Bill\" Withers, Jr. is an American singer-songwriter and musician who performed and recorded from 1970 until 1985. He recorded a number of major hits including \"Lean on Me\", \"Ain't No Sunshine\", \"Use Me\", \"Just the Two of Us\", \"Lovely Day\", and \"Grandma's Hands\". His life was the subject of the 2009 documentary film Still Bill.
/m/0m2mk	Sussex County is a county located in the southern part of the U.S. state of Delaware. As of the 2010 census, its population was 197,145, an increase of 25.9% over the previous decade. The county seat is Georgetown. Sussex County is part of the Salisbury, Maryland-Delaware Metropolitan Statistical Area.\nSussex County is Delaware's largest county by land area, with 938 square miles. The first European settlement in the state of Delaware was founded in 1631 near the present-day town of Lewes. However, Sussex County was not organized until 1683.
/m/02f6yz	The MTV Video Music Award for Best Group Video was first given out at the 1984 MTV Video Music Awards; and in 2007, going along with how the VMAs were revamped that year, the award was renamed Best Group, as it awarded the artist's body of work for the full year rather than a specific video. In 2008, however, when the VMAs returned to their original format, this award was not brought back despite being considered one of the more important ones. No Doubt is the biggest winner of this category, having won the award thrice; while U2 is the biggest nominee, with seven of its videos receiving nominations in six different years from 1985 to 2005. The last award was presented in 2007 to Fall Out Boy.\nTLC was the first and only girl group to win in this category twice with their videos \"Waterfalls\" and \"No Scrubs\"
/m/01kjr0	Twin Peaks: Fire Walk with Me is a 1992 American psychological horror film, directed by David Lynch and written by Lynch and Robert Engels. The film can be viewed as both prologue and epilogue to the television series Twin Peaks, created by Lynch and Mark Frost.\nIt revolves around the investigation into the murder of Teresa Banks and the last seven days in the life of Laura Palmer, a popular high school student in the fictional Washington town of Twin Peaks. Additionally, the film's narrative references and clarifies Agent Dale Cooper's fate in the series finale. Thus, the film is often considered a prequel, however, it also has features more typical of a sequel.\nMost of the television cast returned for the film, with the notable exceptions of Lara Flynn Boyle, who declined to return as Laura's best friend Donna Hayward, and Sherilyn Fenn, due to scheduling conflicts. Kyle MacLachlan, who starred as Special Agent Dale Cooper in the TV series, was reluctant to return out of fear of getting typecast, so his presence in the film is smaller than originally planned.\nFire Walk with Me was greeted at the 1992 Cannes Film Festival with booing and jeers from the audience and met with negative reviews in the United States. The film fared poorly in the United States at the box office, partially because it was released almost a year after the television series was canceled. However, it was a commercial hit in Japan.
/m/0b60sq	Howl's Moving Castle is a 2004 Japanese animated fantasy film scripted and directed by Hayao Miyazaki. The film is based on the novel of the same name by English writer Diana Wynne Jones. The film was produced by Toshio Suzuki, animated by Studio Ghibli and distributed by Toho. Mamoru Hosoda, director of one episode and two movies from the Digimon series, was originally selected to direct but abruptly left the project, leaving the then-retired Miyazaki to take up the director's role.\nThe film had its world premiere at the Venice Film Festival on September 5, 2004, and was released in Japanese theaters on November 20, 2004. The film is one of only three Studio Ghibli films which were not released in July, and the last since 2004. It went on to gross $190 million in Japan and $235 million worldwide, making it one of the most financially successful Japanese films in history. The film was later dubbed into English by Pixar's Peter Docter and distributed in North America by Walt Disney Pictures. It received a limited release in the United States and Canada beginning June 10, 2005 and was released nationwide in Australia on September 22 and in the United Kingdom the following September. The film was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature at the 78th Academy Awards in 2006.
/m/0gmcwlb	The Artist is a 2011 French romantic comedy-drama film in the style of a black-and-white silent film. It was written, directed, and co-edited by Michel Hazanavicius, produced by Thomas Langmann and starred Jean Dujardin and Bérénice Bejo. The story takes place in Hollywood, between 1927 and 1932, and focuses on the relationship of an older silent film star and a rising young actress as silent cinema falls out of fashion and is replaced by the \"talkies\".\nThe Artist received strongly positive reviews from critics and won many accolades. Dujardin won the Best Actor Award at the 2011 Cannes Film Festival, where the film premiered. The film was nominated for six Golden Globes, the most of any 2011 film, and won three: Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy, Best Original Score, and Best Actor – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy for Dujardin. In January 2012, the film was nominated for twelve BAFTAs, also the most of any film from 2011, and won seven, including Best Film, Best Director and Best Original Screenplay for Hazanavicius, and Best Actor for Dujardin.\nIt was nominated for ten Academy Awards and won five, including Best Picture, Best Director for Hazanavicius, and Best Actor for Dujardin, who was the first French actor ever to win for Best Actor. It was the first French film to ever win Best Picture, and the first mainly silent film to win since 1927's Wings won at the 1st Academy Awards in 1929. It was also the first film presented in the 4:3 aspect ratio to win since 1955's Marty. Additionally, it was the first black-and-white film to win since 1993's Schindler's List, though that film contained limited colour sequences; it was the first 100% black-and-white film to win since 1960's The Apartment.
/m/02z0f6l	The Young Victoria is a 2009 British-American period drama film directed by Jean-Marc Vallée and written by Julian Fellowes, based on the early life and reign of Queen Victoria, and her marriage to Prince Albert of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha. Graham King, Martin Scorsese, Sarah, Duchess of York and Timothy Headington served as the film's producers. The film stars Emily Blunt, Rupert Friend, Paul Bettany, Miranda Richardson and Jim Broadbent among a large ensemble cast.\nFellowes sought to make the film as historically accurate as possible. With this in mind, Academy Award-winning costume designer Sandy Powell and historical consultant Alastair Bruce, 5th Baron Aberdare were hired. Filming for The Young Victoria took place at various historical landmarks in England to further the film's authenticity. Despite this, various aspects of the film have been criticised for historical inaccuracies.\nMomentum Pictures released the film in the United Kingdom, where it appeared in cinemas on 6 March 2009. Sony Pictures Worldwide Acquisitions Group opened The Young Victoria in limited theatrical release in the United States on 18 December 2009 through Apparition. Critical reception was generally positive, and it scored a 76 percent rating on film review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes based upon 139 reviews. The film was nominated for three Academy Awards, winning the 2009 Academy Award for Best Costume Design. The film also won for the Best Make-Up and Hair and Best Costume Design at the 63rd British Academy Film Awards.
/m/02qrv7	The Living Daylights is the fifteenth entry in the James Bond film series and the first to star Timothy Dalton as the fictional MI6 agent James Bond. The film's title is taken from Ian Fleming's short story, \"The Living Daylights\". It was the last film to use the title of an Ian Fleming story until the 2006 instalment Casino Royale.\nThe beginning of the film resembles the short story, in which Bond acts as a counter-sniper to protect a Soviet defector, Georgi Koskov. He tells Bond that General Pushkin, head of the KGB, is systematically killing British and American agents. When Koskov is seemingly snatched back, Bond follows him across Europe, Morocco and Afghanistan.\nThe film was produced by Albert R. Broccoli, his stepson, Michael G. Wilson and his daughter, Barbara Broccoli. The Living Daylights was generally well received by most critics and was also a financial success, grossing $191.2 million worldwide.
/m/07wrz	The University of Chicago is a private research university in Chicago, Illinois, United States. The university consists of the College of the University of Chicago, various graduate programs and interdisciplinary committees organized into four divisions, six professional schools, and a school of continuing education. The university enrolls approximately 5,000 students in the College and about 15,000 students overall. The University of Chicago is consistently ranked among the world's top 10 universities. The university tied Stanford University for 5th place in the 2014 U.S. News & World Report \"Best National Universities Rankings\".\nUniversity of Chicago scholars have played a major role in the development of various academic disciplines, including: the Chicago school of economics, the Chicago school of sociology, the law and economics movement in legal analysis, the Chicago school of literary criticism, the Chicago school of religion, the school of political science known as behavioralism, and in the physics leading to the world's first man-made, self-sustaining nuclear reaction. The university is also home to the University of Chicago Press, the largest university press in the United States.
/m/01wvxw1	Benjamin Chase \"Ben\" Harper is an American singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist. Harper plays an eclectic mix of blues, folk, soul, reggae and rock music and is known for his guitar-playing skills, vocals, live performances and activism. Harper's fan base spans several continents. His albums have been commercially successful in North America, Europe and Oceania. Harper is a three-time Grammy Award winner as well, winning awards for Best Pop Instrumental Performance and Best Traditional Soul Gospel Album, in 2005. He also won a Grammy for Best Blues Album in 2014.
/m/02rdyk7	The National Society of Film Critics Award for Best Director is an annual award given by National Society of Film Critics to honor the best film director of the year.\nAmerican director Martin Scorsese and Swedish director Ingmar Bergman won this award a record 3 times. Scorsese for 1976 Taxi Driver, 1980 Raging Bull and 1990 GoodFellas; Bergman for 1967 Persona, 1968 Skammen & Vargtimmen and 1970 En passion. François Truffaut, Luis Buñuel Portolés, Robert Altman, Steven Spielberg, Mike Leigh, Clint Eastwood, Terence Malick, and David Cronenberg each won the award twice.
/m/0mx5p	Lane County is a county in the U.S. state of Oregon. As of the 2010 census, the population was 351,715. The county seat is Eugene. It is named in honor of Joseph Lane, Oregon's first territorial governor.\nAccording to the United States Census Bureau, the Eugene-Springfield Metropolitan Statistical Area encompasses the entire Lane County. It is the third largest MSA in Oregon, and the 144th largest in the country.
/m/02f6ym	The MTV Video Music Award for Best Female Video is one of the original general awards that has been handed out every year since the first annual MTV Video Music Awards in 1984. In 2007, however, the award was briefly renamed Female Artist of the Year, and it awarded the artist's whole body of work for that year rather than a specific video. In 2008, though, the award returned to its original name. Madonna is this award's biggest winner and nominee, as three out of her twelve nominated videos have won this award. Also Katy Perry is the artist with the most nominations without winning, with 5 consecutive years without winning.
/m/02_qt	Film Production NotesFinal Fantasy: The Spirits Within emerges from its successful interactive game roots to deliver an exciting new breed of motion picture adventure. A fresh, provocative take on the sci-fi genre, the film blends spiritual underpinnings and the universal concerns of man versus nature with the energy of the digital gaming medium and the scope of the motion picture environment.Final Fantasy game creator Hironobu Sakaguchi’s vision to take the latest in computer graphic technology and the best artists in the world to create a brand new form of entertainment now comes to the big screen—a visual feast of concept, motion, design and imagination with all-new, hyperReal characters embarking on an all-new adventure.“I have always wanted to create a new form of entertainment that fuses the technical wizardry of interactive games with the sensational visual effects of motion pictures,” says Sakaguchi. “Final Fantasy: The Spirits Within takes us one step closer to that dream.“With the flexibility of these hyperReal characters,” Sakaguchi continues, “it really opens up new doors and a whole new level of ideas and possibilities for feature films and entertainment.”Adds Chris Lee, one of the film’s producers, “We have created technology to expand the envelope of what is possible for computer-generated human characters.”Final Fantasy: The Spirits Within represents the continuing evolution of the synergy between video gaming and cinema. It is the next creative step from the trendsetting Final Fantasy game series, which has sold more than 33 million units worldwide and ranks as one of the most popular interactive game franchises of all time. Each game and the film are originated from Final Fantasy’s rich storytelling tradition and underlying themes of love, friendship, dreams, epic adventure, life and death with a spiritual backdrop. The game series is renowned for creating genuinely touching characters and relationships and for always leaving players wanting more. Each installment has started anew with fresh characters and storylines in order to present a self-contained story. “That’s the philosophy that Sakaguchi brought to the movie as well,” says Chris Lee.“This is the first time that a film inspired by a video game has been directed by the creator of the game, in the medium of the game,” he continues. “What gamers have come to love about Final Fantasy is that Sakaguchi always raises the bar in terms of the images he produces and the storylines he creates. Those are the same standards that were applied to making this movie.“This is a chance to tell a great human story in a completely different medium. Only Sakaguchi would have the vision to take what he had learned in gaming and apply it to the motion picture process,” says Lee. Yet while capturing the kind of excitement, energy and integrity presented in the phenomenally successful game series, “the film’s subject matter and plot appeals not just to gamers but to a wide audience of moviegoers.”Columbia Pictures and Square Pictures present Final Fantasy: The Spirits Within. Hironobu Sakaguchi directs from an original screenplay written by Al Reinert and Jeff Vintar. Story by Sakaguchi. Motonori Sakakibara co-directs. The film features the voices of actors Alec Baldwin, Steve Buscemi, Peri Gilpin, Ming-Na, Ving Rhames, Donald Sutherland and James Woods, among others. Sakaguchi, Jun Aida and Chris Lee are producers. The film’s creative team includes director of photography Motonori Sakakibara, animation director Andy Jones, conceptual director Tani Kunitake, character technical director Kevin Ochs, senior animator Roy Sato, VFX supervisor Remo Balcells and composer Elliot Goldenthal.  Final Fantasy: The Spirits Within has been rated PG-13 by the MPAA for sci-fi action violence. Final Fantasy: SynopsisPrepare to Embark on an Epic AdventureIn the not too distant future, the earth is invaded by aliens. Great cities are deserted, populations are decimated, alien beings have...
/m/0dgw9r	Human in the Battlestar Galactica (2003) reimagined universe.
/m/0y4f8	Vocal music is a genre of music performed by one or more singers, with or without instrumental accompaniment, in which singing provides the main focus of the piece. Music which employs singing but does not feature it prominently is generally considered instrumental music as is music without singing. Music without any non-vocal instrumental accompaniment is referred to as a cappella.\nVocal music typically features sung words called lyrics, although there are notable examples of vocal music that are performed using non-linguistic syllables, sounds, or noises, sometimes as musical onomatopoeia. A short piece of vocal music with lyrics is broadly termed a song.\nVocal music is probably the oldest form of music, since it does not require any instrument besides the human voice. All musical cultures have some form of vocal music.
/m/0cyhq	Irving Berlin was an American composer and lyricist of Belarusian-Jewish origin, widely considered one of the greatest songwriters in American history, his music forming a great part of The Great American Songbook. He published his first song, \"Marie from Sunny Italy\", in 1907 and had his first major international hit, \"Alexander's Ragtime Band\" in 1911. He also was an owner of the Broadway theater the Music Box Theatre.\n\"Alexander's Ragtime Band\" sparked an international dance craze in places as far away as Berlin's native Russia, which also \"flung itself into the ragtime beat with an abandon bordering on mania.\" Over the years he was known for writing music and lyrics in the American vernacular: uncomplicated, simple and direct, with his stated aim being to \"reach the heart of the average American,\" whom he saw as the \"real soul of the country.\" In doing so, said Walter Cronkite, at Berlin's 100th birthday tribute, he \"helped write the story of this country, capturing the best of who we are and the dreams that shape our lives.\"\nHe wrote hundreds of songs, many becoming major hits, which made him \"a legend\" before he turned thirty. During his 60-year career he wrote an estimated 1,500 songs, including the scores for 19 Broadway shows and 18 Hollywood films, with his songs nominated eight times for Academy Awards. Many songs became popular themes and anthems, including \"Easter Parade\", \"White Christmas\", \"Happy Holiday\", \"This Is the Army, Mr. Jones\", and \"There's No Business Like Show Business\". His Broadway musical and 1942 film, This is the Army, with Ronald Reagan, had Kate Smith singing Berlin's \"God Bless America\" which was first performed in 1938. Smith still performed the song on her 1960 CBS television series, The Kate Smith Show. After the September 11 attacks in 2001, Celine Dion recorded it as a tribute, making it #1 on the charts.
/m/0pzmf	Camden is a city in Camden County, New Jersey, United States. It is the county seat, located across the Delaware River from Philadelphia. As of the 2010 United States Census the city had a total population of 77,344, representing a decline of 2,560 from the 79,904 residents enumerated during the 2000 Census, which had in turn declined by 7,588 from the 87,492 counted in the 1990 Census. Camden ranked as the 12th-most populous municipality in the state in 2010 after having been ranked 10th in 2000.\nCamden was originally incorporated as a city on February 13, 1828, from portions of the now-defunct Newton Township, while the area was still part of Gloucester County. On March 13, 1844, Camden became part of the newly formed Camden County.\nAlthough once a thriving center for manufacturing and industry, Camden is perhaps best known for its struggles with urban decay and political corruption.\nThree Camden mayors have been jailed for corruption, the most recent being Milton Milan in 2000. From 2005 to 2012, the school system and police department were operated by the state of New Jersey.\nCamden public schools spent $23,770 per student in the 2009–10 school year In 2012, of students in Camden's public school system graduate rate fell to 49%, roughly percent lower than the national average. In 2012, 3 out of 882 SAT test-takers were scored \"college-ready.\" Two out of every five residents are below the national poverty line.
/m/02wr2r	Wanda Sykes is an American writer, comedian, actress, and voice artist. She earned the 1999 Emmy Award for her writing on The Chris Rock Show. In 2004, Entertainment Weekly named Sykes as one of the 25 funniest people in America. She is well known for her role as Barbara Baran on The New Adventures of Old Christine and for her appearances on HBO's Curb Your Enthusiasm.\nIn November 2009, The Wanda Sykes Show, her own late-night talkshow, premiered on Fox, airing Saturday nights, until it was cancelled in April 2010. Sykes has also had a successful career in film, appearing in Monster-in-Law, My Super Ex-Girlfriend, Evan Almighty, and License to Wed, and voiced characters in Over the Hedge, Barnyard, Brother Bear 2, Rio, and Ice Age: Continental Drift.
/m/04fjzv	The Shining is a 1980 British-American psychological horror film produced and directed by Stanley Kubrick, co-written with novelist Diane Johnson, and starring Jack Nicholson, Shelley Duvall, Danny Lloyd, and Scatman Crothers. The film is based on Stephen King's novel of the same name, though there are significant changes.\nIn the film, Jack Torrance, a writer and recovering alcoholic, takes a job as an off-season caretaker at an isolated hotel called the Overlook Hotel. His young son possesses psychic abilities and is able to see things from the past and future, such as the ghosts who inhabit the hotel. Soon after settling in, the family is trapped in the hotel by a snowstorm, and Jack gradually becomes influenced by a supernatural presence; he descends into madness and attempts to murder his wife and son.\nUnlike previous Kubrick films, which developed an audience gradually by building on word-of-mouth, The Shining was released as a mass-market film, opening at first in just two cities on Memorial Day, then nationwide a month later. Although initial response to the film was mixed, later critical assessment was more favorable and it is now listed among the greatest horror movies, while some have even viewed it as one of the greatest films of all time. Film director Martin Scorsese, writing in The Daily Beast, ranked it as one of the 11 scariest horror movies of all time. Film critics, film students, and Kubrick's producer, Jan Harlan, have remarked on the enormous influence the film has had on popular culture.
/m/061y4q	Tomoyuki Tanaka was a Japanese film producer, most famous for creating the Godzilla series. He was born in Kashiwara, Osaka, Japan on April 26, 1910, and died in Tokyo on April 2, 1997. Tanaka was married to the actress Chieko Nakakita. He died of a stroke at the age of 86.\nSoon after graduating from Kansai University in 1940, Tanaka joined Toho Studios. After four years with the company, he began producing his own films, and his first effort, Three Women of the North, was released in 1945. In his 60-year career with Toho, Tanaka produced more than 200 films.\nHe is best known as the creator, with storyteller Shigeru Kayama, director Ishirō Honda and special-effects wizard Eiji Tsuburaya, of Godzilla, the towering embodiment of post-World War II anxiety. Tanaka created Godzilla in 1954 in an effort to illustrate the terror Japanese felt after the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki. In an interview in 1985 Tanaka summed up the symbolism of Godzilla:\nIn those days, Japanese had a real horror of radiation, and that horror is what made Godzilla so huge. From the beginning he has symbolized nature's revenge on mankind.\nThe classic Gojira would spawn a series of sequels, adding up to 28 films by 2004. Tanaka produced every Toho monster movie. He often worked with the other three members of the Godzilla team: Honda, Tsuburaya, and composer Akira Ifukube, to complete such works as The Mysterians and Matango. Tanaka produced six films directed by the acclaimed Akira Kurosawa. Their film Kagemusha was nominated for a Best Foreign Film Oscar and took the Palme d'Or at Cannes.
/m/0dp90	Canberra is the capital city of Australia. With a population of 374,245, it is Australia's largest inland city and the eighth-largest city overall. The city is located at the northern end of the Australian Capital Territory, 280 km south-west of Sydney, and 660 km north-east of Melbourne. A resident of Canberra is known as a \"Canberran\".\nThe site of Canberra was selected for the location of the nation's capital in 1908 as a compromise between rivals Sydney and Melbourne, Australia's two largest cities. It is unusual among Australian cities, being an entirely planned city outside of any state, similar to the American Federal District of Columbia. Following an international contest for the city's design, a blueprint by the Chicago architects Walter Burley Griffin and Marion Mahony Griffin was selected and construction commenced in 1913. The Griffins' plan featured geometric motifs such as circles, hexagons and triangles, and was centred on axes aligned with significant topographical landmarks in the Australian Capital Territory.\nThe city's design was influenced by the garden city movement and incorporates significant areas of natural vegetation that have earned Canberra the title of the \"bush capital\". The growth and development of Canberra were hindered by the World Wars and the Great Depression, which exacerbated a series of planning disputes and the ineffectiveness of a procession of bodies that were created in turn to oversee the development of the city. The national capital emerged as a thriving city after World War II, as Prime Minister Robert Menzies championed its development and the National Capital Development Commission was formed with executive powers. Although the Australian Capital Territory is now self-governing, the federal government retains some influence through the National Capital Authority.
/m/0rmwd	Bradenton BRAY-den-ton is a city in Manatee County, Florida, United States. The U.S. Census Bureau estimated the city's 2012 population to be 50,672. Bradenton is the largest principal city of the Bradenton-Sarasota-Venice, Florida Metropolitan Statistical Area, which had a 2007 estimated population of 682,833. It is the county seat.
/m/01jwt	Black metal is an extreme subgenre of heavy metal music. Common traits include fast tempos, shrieked vocals, highly distorted guitars played with tremolo picking, blast beat drumming, raw recording and unconventional song structures.\nDuring the 1980s, several thrash metal and death metal bands formed a prototype for black metal. This so-called \"first wave\" included bands such as Venom, Bathory, Hellhammer and Celtic Frost. A \"second wave\" arose in the early 1990s, spearheaded by Norwegian bands such as Mayhem, Burzum, Darkthrone, Immortal and Emperor. The early Norwegian black metal scene developed the style of their forebears into a distinct genre. Norwegian-inspired black metal scenes emerged throughout Europe and North America, although some other scenes developed their own styles with no connection to the Norwegian one.\nInitially a synonym for \"Satanic metal\", black metal is often met with hostility from mainstream culture. Many artists express extreme anti-Christian and misanthropic views, and several of the genre's \"second wave\" pioneers have been convicted for church burnings and murder. There is also a small neo-Nazi movement within black metal, although most fans and prominent artists shun Nazism and oppose its influence on black metal.
/m/07zft	Evangelos Odysseas Papathanassiou, professionally known as Vangelis, is a Greek composer of electronic, progressive, ambient, jazz, pop rock, and orchestral music. He is best known for his Academy Award-winning score for the film Chariots of Fire, composing scores for the films Antarctica, Blade Runner, 1492: Conquest of Paradise, and Alexander, and the use of his music in the PBS documentary Cosmos: A Personal Voyage by Carl Sagan.\nVangelis began his professional musical career working with several popular bands of the 1960s such as The Forminx and Aphrodite's Child, with the latter's album 666 going on to be recognized as a psychedelic \"classic\". Throughout the 1970s, Vangelis composed music scores for several animal documentaries, including L'Apocalypse Des Animaux, La Fête sauvage and Opéra sauvage; the success of these scores brought him into the film scoring mainstream. In the early 1980s, Vangelis formed a musical partnership with Jon Anderson, the lead singer of progressive rock band Yes, and the duo went on to release several albums together as Jon & Vangelis.\nIn 1981, he composed the score for the Oscar-winning film Chariots of Fire, which won him the Academy Award for Best Original Music Score. The soundtrack's single, \"Titles\", also reached the top of the American Billboard Hot 100 chart and was used as the background music at the London 2012 Olympics winners' medal presentation ceremonies.
/m/03fnn5	Stichting Betaald Voetbal Vitesse is a Dutch football club from Arnhem, which was founded on 14 May 1892. Vitesse has enjoyed some success in Eredivisie and featured in the UEFA Cup competition. The owner is a Russian businessman, which makes Vitesse the first and only Dutch football club owned by a foreigner.
/m/01crd5	Vietnam, officially the Socialist Republic of Vietnam, is the easternmost country on the Indochina Peninsula in Southeast Asia. With an estimated 90.3 million inhabitants as of 2012, it is the world's 13th-most-populous country, and the eighth-most-populous Asian country. The name Vietnam translates as \"Southern Viet\"; it was first officially adopted in 1802 by Emperor Gia Long, and was adopted again in 1945 with the founding of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam under Ho Chi Minh. The country is bordered by China to the north, Laos to the northwest, Cambodia to the southwest, and the South China Sea to the east. Its capital city has been Hanoi since the reunification of North and South Vietnam in 1976.\nThe Vietnamese became independent from Imperial China in AD 938, following the resounding Vietnamese victory in the Battle of Bạch Đằng River. Successive Vietnamese royal dynasties flourished as the nation expanded geographically and politically into Southeast Asia, until the Indochina Peninsula was colonized by the French in the mid-19th century. Following a Japanese occupation in the 1940s, the Vietnamese fought French rule in the First Indochina War, eventually expelling the French in 1954. Thereafter, Vietnam was divided politically into two rival states, North and South Vietnam. Conflict between the two sides intensified, with heavy intervention from the United States, in what is known as the Vietnam War. The war ended with a North Vietnamese victory in 1975.
/m/02tqkf	Patrick John Warburton is an American actor. He is known for his several TV roles, including the title role of The Tick, David Puddy on Seinfeld, the evil Johnny Johnson on NewsRadio, and anchorman Jeb Denton on Less than Perfect. As a voice actor, his distinctive deep voice has been heard in roles including Kronk in The Emperor's New Groove and its sequels, paraplegic police officer Joe Swanson on Family Guy, and bodyguard Brock Samson on The Venture Bros.. Warburton was also featured in roles in Bee Movie, Kim Possible, Buzz Lightyear of Star Command TV series, Hoodwinked, and Scooby-Doo! Mystery Incorporated, among others. He also starred as macho married man Jeff Bingham in the CBS television program Rules of Engagement.
/m/0394y	The Grateful Dead was an American rock band formed in 1965 in Palo Alto, California. The band was known for its unique and eclectic style, which fused elements of rock, folk, bluegrass, blues, reggae, country, improvisational jazz, psychedelia, and space rock, and for live performances of long musical improvisation. \"Their music,\" writes Lenny Kaye, \"touches on ground that most other groups don't even know exists.\" These various influences were distilled into a diverse and psychedelic whole that made the Grateful Dead \"the pioneering Godfathers of the jam band world\". They were ranked 57th in the issue The Greatest Artists of all Time by Rolling Stone magazine. They were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1994 and their Barton Hall Concert at Cornell University was added to the Library of Congress's National Recording Registry. The Grateful Dead has sold more than 35 million albums worldwide.\nThe founding members of the Grateful Dead were Jerry Garcia, Bob Weir, Ron \"Pigpen\" McKernan, Phil Lesh, and Bill Kreutzmann. Members of the Grateful Dead had played together in various San Francisco bands, including Mother McCree's Uptown Jug Champions and The Warlocks. Lesh was the last member to join the Warlocks before they became the Grateful Dead; he replaced Dana Morgan Jr., who had played bass for a few gigs. With the exception of McKernan, who died in 1973, the core of the band stayed together for its entire 30-year history. Other longtime members of the band include Mickey Hart, Keith Godchaux, Donna Godchaux, Brent Mydland, and Vince Welnick.
/m/0181hw	MCA, Inc. was an American media company. Initially starting in the music business, the company next became a dominant force in the film business, and later expanded into the television business. MCA published music, booked acts, ran a record company, represented film, television and radio stars, and eventually produced and sold television programs to the three major television networks. MCA, Inc., is the legal predecessor of NBCUniversal, which since March 2013 is a wholly owned subsidiary of Comcast. MCA's other legal successor is Vivendi, owner of MCA's former music assets, now known as Universal Music Group and Universal Music Publishing Group.
/m/03xzxb	PFC CSKA Sofia, commonly known as CSKA or CSKA Sofia is a Bulgarian association football club based in Sofia, which for most of its existence competed in A Football Group, the top division of the Bulgarian football league system. CSKA is abbreviation for Central Sports Club of the Army. The club was officially founded in 1948, even though its roots date back to an army officers' club founded in 1923. At present, however, the club is privately owned and does not have any direct ties to the Bulgarian Army.\nCSKA is the most successful Bulgarian team both domestically and internationally, and is also the most successful \"army\" club with domestic titles to years in existence ratio of 2.1. Since the reorganization and the merger of several Sofia-based clubs to form CSKA in 1948, the club has won 31 domestic titles and 19 national cups. Internationally, CSKA has reached two European Cup semi-finals, four European Cup quarter-finals, and one Cup Winners' Cup semi-final, also making it the best performing Bulgarian club in the European club competitions.\nThe club's home colours are red and white. CSKA's home ground is the Bulgarian Army Stadium in Sofia with capacity of 22,015 seats. The club's biggest rivals are Levski Sofia, and matches between the two sides were commonly referred to as The Eternal Derby in Bulgaria.
/m/02vsw1	European Americans are Americans with origins in any of the indigenous peoples of Europe.\nThe Spanish were the first Europeans to establish a continuous presence in what is now the United States. Martín de Argüelles born 1566, San Agustín, La Florida, was the first known person of European descent born in what is now the United States. Twenty-one years later, Virginia Dare, born in 1587 on Roanoke Island in present-day North Carolina, was the first child born in the Thirteen Colonies to English parents.\nIn 2009, German Americans, Irish Americans, English Americans and Italian Americans were the four largest self-reported ancestry groups in the United States forming 43.8% of the total population.\nOverall, as the largest group, European Americans have the lowest poverty rate and the second highest educational attainment levels, median household income, and median personal income of any racial demographic in the United States, the latter three placing them behind Asian Americans.
/m/0f4x7	The Academy Award for Best Actor is an award presented annually by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. It was first awarded at the 1st Academy Awards ceremony, held in 1929; Emil Jannings received the award for his roles in The Last Command and The Way of All Flesh and it is given in honor of an actor who has delivered an outstanding performance in a leading role while working within the film industry. Currently, nominees are determined by single transferable vote within the actors branch of AMPAS; winners are selected by a plurality vote from the entire eligible voting members of the Academy.\nIn the first three years of the awards, actors were nominated as the best in their categories. At that time, all of their work during the qualifying period was listed after the award. However, during the 3rd ceremony held in 1930, only one of those films was cited in each winner's final award, even though each of the acting winners had two films following their names on the ballots. The following year, this unwieldy and confusing system was replaced by the current system in which an actor is nominated for a specific performance in a single film. Starting with the 9th ceremony held in 1937, the category was officially limited to five nominations per year.
/m/019lwb	Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras is a Brazilian soccer club from São Paulo. The club was founded on August 26, 1914, as Palestra Italia but changed to the current name on September 14, 1942. It is one of the most popular and successful Brazilian clubs, with almost 17 million supporters, including a large number of Brazilians of Italian ancestry.\nPalmeiras is one of the most successful clubs in Brazilian football. The team has won 11 national competitions, a record in the country. The club's most important titles have been the 8 national league titles and 3 national cups.\nTheir international titles include one Copa Libertadores. The team won the competition in 1999, after beating Deportivo Cali of Colombia. In 1951, Palmeiras won the international Copa Rio, known as the first world club association football tournament, after beating Juventus of Italy. In 1999, the team was declared the Champion of the Century in Brazilian football.
/m/01h8sf	The University of Keele, commonly known as Keele University, is a public research campus university about 2 miles from Newcastle-under-Lyme, Staffordshire, England. Keele was granted university status by Royal Charter in 1962, and was originally founded in 1949 as the 'University College of North Staffordshire', as an experimental college dedicated to a broad curriculum and interdisciplinary study. Today, Keele University is notable for pioneering the dual honours degree in Britain.\nThe university occupies a 620 acre rural campus close to the village of Keele and has a science park and a conference centre, making it the largest main campus university in the UK. The university's School of Medicine operates the clinical part of their courses from a separate campus at the University Hospital of North Staffordshire in Hartshill, Stoke-on-Trent. The school of nursing and midwifery is based at the nearby clinical education centre.
/m/0r2bv	Costa Mesa is a city in Orange County, California. The population was 109,960 at the 2010 United States Census. Since its incorporation in 1953, the city has grown from a semi-rural farming community of 16,840 to a primarily suburban and edge city with an economy based on retail, commerce, and light manufacturing.
/m/0mkdm	Waukesha County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of the 2010 census, the population was 389,891, making it the third-most populous county in Wisconsin. Its county seat is Waukesha.
/m/01slc	The Chicago White Sox are a Major League Baseball team located in the south side of Chicago, Illinois. The White Sox play in the American League's Central Division. Since 1991, the White Sox have played in U.S. Cellular Field, which was originally called New Comiskey Park and nicknamed \"The Cell\" by local fans. The White Sox are one of two major league clubs based in Chicago, the other being the Chicago Cubs of the National League. The White Sox last won the World Series in 2005.\nOne of the American League's eight charter franchises, the Chicago team was established as a major league baseball club in 1900. The club was originally called the Chicago White Stockings, after the nickname abandoned by the Cubs, and the name was soon shortened to Chicago White Sox, believed to have been because the paper would shorten it to Sox in the headlines. At this time, the team played their home games at South Side Park. In 1910, the team moved into historic Comiskey Park, which they would inhabit for more than eight decades.\nThe White Sox were a strong team during their first two decades, winning the 1906 World Series with a defense-oriented team dubbed \"the Hitless Wonders\", and the 1917 World Series led by Eddie Cicotte, Eddie Collins, and Shoeless Joe Jackson. The 1919 World Series, however, was marred by the Black Sox Scandal, in which several prominent members of the White Sox were accused of conspiring with gamblers to purposefully lose games. Baseball's new commissioner Kenesaw Mountain Landis took decisive action, banning the tainted players from Major League Baseball for life. Decades of mediocrity followed for the White Sox until the 1950s, when perennially competitive teams were blocked from the playoffs by the dynastic New York Yankees, with the exception of the 1959 pennant winners led by Early Wynn, Nellie Fox, Luis Aparicio, and manager Al Lopez. The White Sox did not win the pennant again until the 2005 season, when they also went on to win their first World Series championship in 88 years.
/m/034cj9	Robert Montgomery was an American film and television actor, director and producer. He was also the father of actress Elizabeth Montgomery.
/m/03ncb2	The Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Jazz Album was an award presented at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards, to recording artists for works containing quality contemporary jazz performances. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position\".\nOriginally called the Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Jazz Performance, the award was first presented to The Manhattan Transfer in 1992. From 1993 to 1994 the category was known as Best Contemporary Jazz Performance, from 1995 to 2000 the name changed to Best Contemporary Jazz Performance, and since 2001 the name of the category has been Best Contemporary Jazz Album. Until 2001, both albums and singles were eligible for this award. According to the category description guide for the 52nd Grammy Awards, the award is presented for albums containing \"at least 51% playing time of newly recorded contemporary jazz instrumental tracks\". Beginning in 2001, award recipients included the producers, engineers, and/or mixers associated with the nominated work in addition to the recording artists.
/m/03l7w8	Stirling Albion Football Club is a Scottish association football club based in the city of Stirling. The club was founded in 1945 following the demise of King's Park F.C. after World War II. The club currently competes in the Scottish League Two as a member of the Scottish Professional Football League.\nThe club plays in the Third Division after being relegated twice in successive seasons from the First and Second Divisions respectively. Its highest league position came in 1958–59 with a 12th placed position in the top flight. Its only major success is in the league where it has won the second tier of Scottish football on four occasions, the last coming in 1964–65. The club has more recently competed in the third tier following its re-creation in 1975.\nStirling's home ground is Forthbank Stadium, a 3,808 capacity stadium in the east of the city near the banks of the River Forth. Before the stadium was opened in 1993 the club was based at Annfield Stadium which had been the home of the club since it was founded in 1945. The current manager of the club is Greig McDonald.
/m/03359d	Alison Elizabeth \"Ali\" Larter is an American actress. She is best known for playing the dual roles of Niki Sanders and Tracy Strauss on the NBC science fiction drama Heroes as well as her guest roles on several television shows in the 1990s.\nLarter's screen debut came in the 1999 film Varsity Blues, followed by the horror films House on Haunted Hill and Final Destination as Clear Rivers. Major supporting roles in the comedy Legally Blonde and the romantic comedy A Lot Like Love led her to lead roles as the titular character in Marigold and in the 2009 thriller Obsessed. Larter achieved wider fame after her portrayal of video game heroine Claire Redfield in Resident Evil: Extinction and Resident Evil: Afterlife.\nLarter's presence in the media is reinforced by her appearances in lists compiled by Maxim, FHM and Stuff as well as People magazine's \"Best Dressed List\" in 2007. After a three-year-long relationship with actor Hayes MacArthur, the two married in August 2009 and have a son, Theodore Hayes MacArthur, born December 2010.
/m/03wh95l	Peter James Tolan III is an American television producer, director, and screenwriter.
/m/015rmq	Sir Georg Solti, KBE was an orchestral and operatic conductor, best known for his appearances with opera companies in Munich, Frankfurt and London, and as a long-serving music director of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra. Born in Budapest, he studied there with Béla Bartók, Leo Weiner and Ernő Dohnányi. In the 1930s, he was a répétiteur at the Hungarian State Opera and worked at the Salzburg Festival for Arturo Toscanini. His career was interrupted by the rise of the Nazis, and because he was a Jew he fled the increasingly restrictive anti-semitic laws in 1938. After conducting a season of Russian ballet in London at the Royal Opera House he found refuge in Switzerland, where he remained during the Second World War. Prohibited from conducting there, he earned a living as a pianist.\nAfter the war, Solti was appointed musical director of the Bavarian State Opera in Munich in 1946. In 1952 he moved to the Frankfurt Opera, where he remained in charge for nine years. He took West German citizenship in 1953. In 1961 he became musical director of the Covent Garden Opera Company, London. During his ten-year tenure, he introduced changes that raised standards to the highest international levels. Under his musical directorship the status of the company was recognised with the grant of the title \"the Royal Opera\". He became a British subject in 1972.
/m/0k4y6	The Seven Years' War was a war that took place between 1754 and 1763 with the main conflict being in the seven-year period 1756–1763. It involved most of the great powers of the time and affected Europe, North America, Central America, the West African coast, India, and the Philippines. In the historiography of some countries, the war is alternatively named after combatants in the respective theatres: the French and Indian War as it is known in the United States or the War of the Conquest as it is known in French-speaking Canada, while it is called the Seven Years' War in English-speaking Canada; Pomeranian War; Third Carnatic War; and Third Silesian War.\nThe war was driven by the antagonism between the great powers of Europe. Great Britain competed with both France and Spain over trade and colonies. Meanwhile rising power Prussia was struggling with Austria for dominance within and outside of the Holy Roman Empire. In the wake of the War of the Austrian Succession, the major powers \"switched partners\" with Prussia establishing an alliance with Britain while traditional enemies France and Austria formed an alliance of their own. The Anglo-Prussian alliance was joined by smaller German states and later Portugal. The Austro-French alliance included Sweden, Saxony and later Spain. The Russian Empire was originally aligned with Austria, but switched sides upon the succession of Tsar Peter III in 1762 and, like Sweden, concluded a separate peace with Prussia.
/m/03cdg	George Bernard Shaw was an Irish playwright and a co-founder of the London School of Economics. Although his first profitable writing was music and literary criticism, in which capacity he wrote many highly articulate pieces of journalism, his main talent was for drama, and he wrote more than 60 plays. He was also an essayist, novelist and short story writer. Nearly all his writings address prevailing social problems, but have a vein of comedy which makes their stark themes more palatable. Issues which engaged Shaw's attention included education, marriage, religion, government, health care, and class privilege.\nHe was most angered by what he perceived as the exploitation of the working class. An ardent socialist, Shaw wrote many brochures and speeches for the Fabian Society. He became an accomplished orator in the furtherance of its causes, which included gaining equal rights for men and women, alleviating abuses of the working class, rescinding private ownership of productive land, and promoting healthy lifestyles. For a short time he was active in local politics, serving on the London County Council.\nIn 1898, Shaw married Charlotte Payne-Townshend, a fellow Fabian, whom he survived. They settled in Ayot St Lawrence in a house now called Shaw's Corner. Shaw died there, aged 94, from chronic problems exacerbated by injuries he incurred by falling from a ladder.
/m/01m5m5b	Mychael Danna is a Canadian film composer. He won a Golden Globe and an Oscar for Best Original Score for Life of Pi. An Emmy Award for Outstanding Music Composition for a Miniseries, Movie or a Special in his work on World Without End: Medieval Life and Death Part 1 and 2.
/m/02tr7d	Kelly Macdonald is a Scottish actress, known for her role in the independent film Trainspotting and mainstream releases such as Nanny McPhee, Gosford Park, Intermission, No Country for Old Men, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 2 and Brave. On television, she is known for her roles in Boardwalk Empire, The Girl in the Café and State of Play.
/m/02n61z	Cammell Laird, one of the famous names in British shipbuilding during the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, came about following the merger of Laird, Son & Co. of Birkenhead and Johnson Cammell & Co. of Sheffield at the turn of the twentieth century. They also built railway rolling stock until 1929, when that side of the business was separated and became part of the Metropolitan-Cammell Carriage and Wagon Company.
/m/01nf9x	Launceston is a city in the north of Tasmania, Australia at the junction of the North Esk and South Esk rivers where they become the Tamar River. Launceston is the second largest city in Tasmania after Hobart. With a population of 106,153, Launceston is the ninth largest non-capital city in Australia.\nSettled by Europeans in March 1806, Launceston is one of Australia's oldest cities and is home to many historic buildings. Like many Australian places, it was named after a town in the United Kingdom – in this case, Launceston, Cornwall.\nLaunceston has also been home to several firsts such as the first use of anaesthetic in the Southern Hemisphere, the first Australian city to have underground sewers and the first Australian city to be lit by hydroelectricity. The city has a temperate climate with four distinct seasons.
/m/04rsd2	Andrew Lincoln is an English actor. He first became known for playing the role of Egg in the BBC drama This Life, followed by other roles such as Simon in the Channel 4 sitcom Teachers and Mark in the British romantic comedy Love Actually. He is now best-known for his portrayal of the character Rick Grimes in the AMC television series The Walking Dead.
/m/027mdh	The University of San Francisco is a Jesuit Catholic university located in San Francisco, California, United States. Founded in 1855, USF was established as the first university in San Francisco. It is the second oldest institution for higher learning in California, the tenth-oldest university of the Association of Jesuit Colleges and Universities, and the eighth largest Jesuit university in the United States.\nThe school's main campus is located on a 55-acre setting between the Golden Gate Bridge and Golden Gate Park. Its nickname is \"The Hilltop\" as the campus is located at Lone Mountain, the peak of one of San Francisco's major hills. Its close historical ties with the City and County of San Francisco are reflected in the University's motto, Pro Urbe et Universitate. USF's Jesuit-Roman Catholic identity is rooted in the symbolic vision of St. Ignatius of Loyola, the founder of the Jesuit order.
/m/0jdgr	Dune is a 1984 American science fiction action film written and directed by David Lynch, based on the 1965 Frank Herbert novel of the same name. The film stars Kyle MacLachlan as Paul Atreides, and includes an ensemble of well-known American and European actors in supporting roles. It was filmed at the Churubusco Studios in Mexico City and included a soundtrack by the band Toto. The plot concerns a young man foretold as the \"Kwisatz Haderach\" who will lead the native Fremen of the titular desert planet to victory over the malevolent House Harkonnen.\nAfter the success of the novel, attempts to adapt Dune for a film began as early as 1971. A lengthy process of development hell followed throughout the 1970s, during which time both Arthur P. Jacobs and Alejandro Jodorowsky tried to bring their visions to the screen. In 1981, Lynch was hired as director by executive producer Dino De Laurentiis.\nThe film was not well received by critics and performed poorly at the American box office. Upon its release, Lynch distanced himself from the project, stating that pressure from both producers and financiers restrained his artistic control and denied him final cut privilege. At least three different versions have been released worldwide. In some cuts, Lynch's name is replaced in the credits with the name Alan Smithee, a pseudonym used by directors who wished not to be associated with a film for which they would normally be credited.
/m/0gp9mp	Russell Metty, A.S.C. was an American cinematographer who won the Academy Award Best Cinematography, Color, for the 1960 film Spartacus.
/m/04t969	Peter Weller is an American film and stage actor, director and history lecturer.\nWeller has appeared in more than 50 films and television series, including turns as the title characters in the cult classic The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai Across the 8th Dimension, and blockbuster hits RoboCop and RoboCop 2. He has also appeared in such critically acclaimed films as Woody Allen's Mighty Aphrodite, the Oliver Stone-produced The New Age and David Cronenberg's movie of William Burroughs's novel Naked Lunch. He received an Academy Award nomination for his direction of the 1993 short Partners, in which he also acted. In television, he hosted the show Engineering an Empire on the History Channel. He also played Christopher Henderson in the fifth season of 24 and Stan Liddy in the fifth season of the Showtime original series Dexter.
/m/0269kx	North Carolina Central University is a public historically black university in the University of North Carolina system, located in Durham, North Carolina, offering programs at the baccalaureate, master’s, professional and doctoral levels. The University is a member-school of Thurgood Marshall College Fund.
/m/01q_y0	Will & Grace is an American television sitcom, originally based on the relationship between William Truman and Grace Adler, and is set in New York City. It was broadcast on NBC from September 21, 1998 to May 18, 2006, for a total of eight seasons. Will & Grace was, during its original run, the most successful television series with gay principal characters. It still enjoys success in syndication.\nDespite initial criticism for its particular portrayal of homosexual characters, it went on to become a staple of NBC's Must See TV Thursday night lineup. It was ensconced in the Nielsen top 20 for half of its network run. The show was the highest-rated sitcom among adults 18–49, from 2001 and 2005. Throughout its eight-year run, Will & Grace earned 16 Emmy Awards and 83 nominations.\nWill & Grace was filmed in front of a live studio audience on Tuesday nights, at Stage 17 in CBS Studio Center, a space that totals 14,000 sq ft. Will and Grace's apartment is on display at the Emerson College Library, having been donated by series creator Max Mutchnick.\nA long-running legal battle between both the original executive producers and creators and NBC took place between 2003 and 2007. All seasons of the series have been released on DVD and the show has been broadcast in more than 60 countries.
/m/026sdt1	A costume designer is a person who designs costumes for a film or stage production. The role of the costume designer is to create the characters and balance the scenes with texture and color, etc.. The costume designer works alongside the director, scenic, lighting designer, sound designer, and other creative personnel. The costume designer may also collaborate with hair stylist, wig master, or makeup artist. In European theatre, the role is different, as the theatre designer usually designs both costume and scenic elements.\nDesigners typically seek to enhance a character's personality, and to create an evolving plot of colour, changing social status, or period through the visual design of garments and accessories. They may distort or enhance the body—within the boundaries of the director's vision. The designer must ensure that the designs let the actor move as the role requires. The actor must execute the director's blocking of the production without damaging the garments. Garments must be durable and washable, particularly in extended runs. The designer must consult not only with the director, but the set and lighting designers to ensure that all elements of the overall production design work together. The designer must possess strong artistic capabilities and a thorough knowledge of pattern development, draping, drafting, textiles and fashion history. The designer must understand historical costuming, and the movement style and poise that period dress may require.
/m/02y5kn	In sports, a coach is a person involved in the direction, instruction and training of the operations of a sports team or of individual sportspeople. A coach may also be a teacher.
/m/06br6t	Animal Collective is an experimental psychedelic band originally from Baltimore, Maryland, currently based in New York City, Washington, Los Angeles and Lisbon.\nThe band consists of Avey Tare, Panda Bear, Deakin, and Geologist. Records released under the name Animal Collective may include contributions from any or all of these members; the lineup is not uniform, but Portner and Lennox have been on every Animal Collective release. The group also runs the record label Paw Tracks on which they have released their own material as well as that of other artists.
/m/04l5f2	The Syracuse Crunch is a professional ice hockey team in the American Hockey League. They play in Syracuse, New York, at the War Memorial at Oncenter. They are the primary development affiliate of the National Hockey League's Tampa Bay Lightning.
/m/0zcbl	Paul Edward Valentine Giamatti is an American actor. Giamatti began his career as a supporting actor in several films produced during the 1990s including Private Parts, The Truman Show, Saving Private Ryan, The Negotiator, and Man on the Moon, before earning lead roles in several projects in the 2000s such as American Splendor, Sideways, Cinderella Man, The Illusionist, John Adams, Cold Souls, Barney's Version, and Win Win.
/m/071ywj	Toby Edward Heslewood Jones is an English actor. After appearing in supporting roles in films between 1992 and 2005, he made his breakthrough when he played Truman Capote in the biopic Infamous. Since then, his films have included The Mist, W., Frost/Nixon, Captain America: The First Avenger, Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy, Berberian Sound Studio and The Hunger Games. He has also provided the voice of Dobby the house elf in the Harry Potter films, appeared as the Dream Lord in the Doctor Who episode \"Amy's Choice\" and was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor for his role as Alfred Hitchcock in The Girl.
/m/03m6j	Hamas is the Palestinian Sunni Islamic or Islamist organization, with an associated military wing, the Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades, located in the Palestinian territories.\nSince June 2007 Hamas has governed the Gaza Strip, after it won a majority of seats in the Palestinian Parliament in the January 2006 Palestinian parliamentary elections and then defeated the Fatah political organization in a series of violent clashes. Israel, the United States, Canada, the European Union, and Japan classify Hamas as a terrorist organization, while Iran, Russia, Turkey, and Arab nations do not.\nBased on the principles of Islamic fundamentalism gaining momentum throughout the Arab world in the 1980s, Hamas was founded in 1987 as an offshoot of the Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood. Co-founder Sheik Ahmed Yassin stated in 1987, and the Hamas Charter affirmed in 1988, that Hamas was founded to liberate Palestine from Israeli occupation and to establish an Islamic state in the area that is now Israel, the West Bank, and the Gaza Strip. However, in July 2009, Khaled Meshal, Hamas's political bureau chief, said the organization was willing to cooperate with \"a resolution to the Arab-Israeli conflict which included a Palestinian state based on 1967 borders\", provided that Palestinian refugees hold the right to return to Israel and that East Jerusalem be the new nation's capital.
/m/052nd	McGill University is a public research university located in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, whose main campus is set at the foot of Mount Royal in Downtown Montreal with the second campus situated on fields and forested land in Sainte-Anne-de-Bellevue on the west of the downtown campus.\nFounded in 1821 during the British colonial era, the university bears the name of James McGill, a prominent Montreal merchant from Glasgow, Scotland and alumnus of Glasgow University, whose bequest formed the beginning of the university. With 21 faculties and professional schools, McGill offers degrees and diplomas in over 300 fields of study, including cultural studies, medicine and law.\nMcGill University has almost 215,000 living alumni worldwide. Notable alumni include nine Nobel Laureates, 135 Rhodes Scholars, three astronauts, two Canadian prime ministers, twelve justices of the Canadian Supreme Court, four foreign leaders, twenty-eight foreign ambassadors, nine Academy Award winners, three Pulitzer Prize winners, and twenty-eight Olympic medalists. McGill alumni were instrumental in inventing or initially organizing football, basketball, and ice hockey. McGill is one of two member-universities of the Association of American Universities situated outside the United States.
/m/03fnnn	Willem II, also known as Willem II Tilburg, is a football club based in Tilburg, North Brabant, Netherlands. The team was founded on 12 August 1896 as Tilburgia. On 12 January 1898, the club was renamed Willem II, after Dutch king William II of the Netherlands, who, as Prince of Orange and commander of the Dutch army, had his military headquarters in Tilburg during the Belgian uprising of 1830.\nNotable former players for the club include Dutch internationals Jaap Stam and Marc Overmars plus the Finn Sami Hyypiä. The club's shirt consists of red-white-blue vertical stripes, inspired by the colours of the flag of the Netherlands. Willem II plays its home matches in the Koning Willem II Stadion, also named after the King. The stadium, opened on May 31, 1995, has a capacity of 14,700 spectators. The average attendance in 2004/05 was 12,500 people.\nDespite never winning the Eredivisie, the club came second in 1998-99, qualifying for the Champions League as a result.
/m/03f02ct	Rishi Kapoor is an Indian Bollywood actor, film producer and director. He received the National Film Award in 1971, for his debut role as a child artist, and Filmfare Best Actor Award for Bobby in 1974 as well as a number of other awards including the Filmfare Lifetime Achievement Award in 2008.
/m/07m69t	Glyn Oliver Myhill, more commonly known as Boaz Myhill, is a footballer who plays for West Bromwich Albion and the Wales national team as a goalkeeper. Having started his professional career at Aston Villa he later moved to Hull City, establishing himself as first choice goalkeeper.
/m/01qvz8	Gigli is a 2003 American romantic comedy film written and directed by Martin Brest and starring Ben Affleck, Jennifer Lopez, Al Pacino, Christopher Walken, and Lainie Kazan.\nAfter a protracted battle between studio and director, a radically revised version of the original film was released. There was significant media attention and popular interest prior to its release, primarily because Affleck and Lopez, the film's stars, were romantically involved at the time. Critical reception was extremely negative, and in the years since its release Gigli has frequently been cited as one of the worst films ever made. The film was also a financial crash, grossing back only $7.2 million against a $75.6 million budget.
/m/02vq9j	Hereditary peers form part of the Peerage in the United Kingdom. There are over eight hundred peers who hold titles that may be inherited. Formerly, most of them were entitled to sit in the House of Lords, but since the House of Lords Act 1999 only ninety-two are permitted to do so. Peers are called to the House of Lords with a writ of summons.\nA hereditary title is not necessarily a title of the peerage. For instance, baronets and baronetesses may pass on their titles, but they are not peers. Conversely, the holder of a non-hereditary title may belong to the peerage, as with life peers. Peerages may be created by means of letters patent, but the granting of new hereditary peerages has dwindled, with only six having been created since 1965.
/m/0cp6w	Nice is the fifth most populous city in France, after Paris, Marseille, Lyon and Toulouse. The urban area of Nice extends beyond the administrative city limits with a population of about 1 million on an area of 721 km². Located on the south east coast of France on the Mediterranean Sea, Nice is the second-largest French city on the Mediterranean coast after Marseille.\nThe city is called Nice la Belle, which means Nice the Beautiful, which is also the title of the unofficial anthem of Nice, written by Menica Rondelly in 1912. Nice is the capital of the Alpes Maritimes département and the second biggest city of the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region after Marseille.\nThe area of today's Nice contains Terra Amata, an archaeological site which displays evidence of a very early use of fire. Around 350 BC, Greeks of Marseille founded a permanent settlement and called it Nikaia, after Nike, the goddess of victory. Through the ages, the town has changed hands many times. Its strategic location and port significantly contributed to its maritime strength. For years it was a dominion of Savoy, then became part of France between 1792 and 1815, when it was returned to Piedmont-Sardinia until its reannexation by France in 1860.
/m/0llcx	Witness is a 1985 American thriller film directed by Peter Weir and starring Harrison Ford and Kelly McGillis. The screenplay by William Kelley, Pamela Wallace, and Earl W. Wallace focuses on a detective protecting a young Amish boy who becomes a target after he witnesses a murder in Philadelphia.\nThe film was nominated for eight Academy Awards and won two, for Best Original Screenplay and Best Film Editing. It was also nominated for seven BAFTA Awards, winning one for Maurice Jarre's score, and was also nominated for six Golden Globe Awards. William Kelley and Earl W. Wallace won the Writers Guild of America Award for Best Original Screenplay and the 1986 Edgar Award for Best Motion Picture Screenplay presented by the Mystery Writers of America.
/m/05g8pg	Kung Fu Hustle is a 2004 Hong Kong action comedy film. It was directed, co-written and co-produced by Stephen Chow, who also stars in the lead role. The other producers were Chui Po-chu and Jeffrey Lau, and the screenplay was co-written with Huo Xin, Chan Man-keung, and Tsang Kan-cheung. Yuen Wah, Yuen Qiu, Danny Chan, and Bruce Leung co-starred in prominent roles.\nAfter the commercial success of Shaolin Soccer, its production company, Star Overseas, began to develop Kung Fu Hustle with Columbia Pictures Asia in 2002. The film features a number of retired actors famous for 1970s Hong Kong action cinema, yet has been compared to contemporary and influential martial arts films such as Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon and Hero. The cartoon style of the film, accompanied by traditional Chinese music, is often cited as its most striking feature.\nThe film was released on 23 December 2004 in China and on 25 January 2005 in the United States. It received highly positive reviews, with Rotten Tomatoes giving it a 90% fresh rating and Metacritic 78 out of 100. The film was also a commercial success, grossing US$17 million in North America and US$84 million in other countries. Kung Fu Hustle was the highest-grossing film in the history of Hong Kong until it was surpassed by You Are the Apple of My Eye in 2011.
/m/098r1q	Football Club Illichivets Mariupol is a Ukrainian professional football club based in Mariupol.
/m/02w6bq	Cairo University is a public university in Giza, Egypt.
/m/0g8bw	South Vietnam, officially the Republic of Vietnam, was a state which governed the southern half of Vietnam until 1975. It received international recognition in 1949 as the \"State of Vietnam\", and later as the \"Republic of Vietnam\". Its capital was Saigon. The term \"South Vietnam\" became common usage in 1954, when the Geneva Conference partitioned Vietnam into communist and non-communist parts.\nSouth Vietnam's origins can be traced to the French colony of Cochinchina, which consisted of the southern third of Vietnam and was a subdivision of French Indochina. After World War II, the Viet Minh, led by Ho Chi Minh, proclaimed the establishment of a Communist nation in Hanoi. In 1949, non-communist Vietnamese politicians formed a rival government in Saigon led by former emperor Bảo Đại. Bảo Đại was deposed by Prime Minister Ngô Đình Diệm in 1955, who proclaimed himself president after a referendum. After Diệm was deposed in a military coup in 1963, there was a series of short-lived military governments. General Nguyễn Văn Thiệu led the country from 1967 until 1975. The Vietnam War began in 1959 with an uprising by Viet Cong forces supplied by North Vietnam. Fighting climaxed during the Tet Offensive of 1968, when there were over 1.5 million South Vietnamese soldiers and 500,000 U.S. soldiers in South Vietnam. Despite a peace treaty concluded in January 1973, fighting continued until the North Vietnamese army overran Saigon on 30 April 1975.
/m/0chsq	Charlton Heston was an American actor and political activist.\nAs a Hollywood star he appeared in 100 films over the course of 60 years. He is best known for his roles in The Ten Commandments; Ben-Hur, for which he won the Academy Award for Best Actor; El Cid; and Planet of the Apes. He also is well known for his roles in the films The Greatest Show on Earth; Touch of Evil; and The Agony and the Ecstasy. The starring roles gave the actor a grave, authoritative persona and embodied responsibility, individualism and masculinity; he rejected scripts that did not emphasize those virtues. His media image as a spokesman for Judeo-Christian moral values enabled his political voice.\nHeston's political activism had four stages. In the first stage, 1955 to 1961, he endorsed the Democratic candidates for President, and signed on to petitions and liberal political causes.\nFrom 1961 to 1972, the second stage, he continued to endorse Democratic candidates for President. From 1965 to 1971, he served as the elected president of the Screen Actors Guild, and clashed with his liberal rival Ed Asner. Moving beyond Hollywood, he became nationally visible in 1963 in support of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, and in 1968 used his \"cowboy\" persona to publicize gun control measures.
/m/0dbks	Douala is the largest city in Cameroon, the capital of Cameroon's Littoral Region and the richest city in the whole CEMAC region of six countries. Home to Cameroon's largest port and its major international airport, Douala International Airport, it is the commercial capital of the country. Consequently, it handles most of the country's major exports, such as oil, cocoa and coffee, timber, metals and fruits. As of 2010 the city and its surrounding area had an estimated population that surpassed 3,000,000 inhabitants. The city sits on the estuary of the Wouri River and its climate is tropical. Settlements had already existed on present-day Douala prior to the arrival of the Portuguese, British, and Germans; however, it was during the German colonization that the city began to develop rapidly as a commercial and political hub of the German colonial administration. During World War I a bitter battle was fought for control of Douala. The City surrendered to British and French forces on the 27th of September, 1914. A joint Anglo-French condominium governed the city until a comprehensive agreement ceded it to the French. After the independence of Cameroon, Douala has grown rapidly. Local industries, trade, and other opportunities have attracted an unprecedented influx of migrants, especially from the western region of Cameroon. People from other countries in the region have also permanently settled in the city; they include Nigerians, Chadians, and Malians. In recent times city authorities have been overwhelmed by rapidly increasing population; services are stretched and there is an urgent need to enhance the city's ability to cope with the rapid growth. Douala is the 27th most expensive city in the world and the most expensive in Africa, overtaking Lagos, Nigeria at 32nd. It is ranked 27th for 2009, up from 34th in 2008. In 2007 it was ranked 24th in the world and 1st in Africa. Douala is the first city in tropical Africa to have a piped natural gas supply.
/m/013jz2	Youngstown is a city in the U.S. state of Ohio and the county seat of Mahoning County. It also extends into Trumbull County. The municipality is on the Mahoning River, approximately 65 miles southeast of Cleveland and 61 miles northwest of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Youngstown has its own metropolitan area, but is often included in commercial and cultural depictions of the Pittsburgh Tri-State area and Greater Cleveland. Youngstown lies 10 miles west of the Pennsylvania state line, midway between New York City and Chicago via Interstate 80.\nThe city was named for John Young, an early settler from Whitestown, New York, who established the community's first sawmill and gristmill. Youngstown is in a region of the United States that is often referred to as the Rust Belt. Traditionally known as a center of steel production, Youngstown was forced to redefine itself when the U.S. steel industry fell into decline in the 1970s, leaving communities throughout the region without major industry. Youngstown also falls within the Appalachian Ohio region, among the foothills of the Appalachian Mountains. The 2010 census showed that Youngstown had a total population of 66,982, making it Ohio's ninth largest city. The city has experienced a decline of over 60% of its population since 1960.
/m/01zrq0	Kilmarnock is a large burgh in East Ayrshire, Scotland with a population of 44,734, making it the 14th most populated place in Scotland, it is also the second largest town in Ayrshire. The River Irvine runs through its eastern section, and the Kilmarnock Water passes through it, giving rise to the name 'Bank Street'. Kilmarnock is often shortened to 'Killie', especially when it is referenced in a footballing situation.\nKilmarnock is the main town within East Ayrshire, and the East Ayrshire HQ is located on London Road in Kilmarnock, leading to the villages Crookedholm and Hurlford, which furthermore leads to Loudoun. Kilmarnock is the second largest town in Ayrshire, after only Ayr.\nThe first collection of work by Scottish poet Robert Burns, Poems, chiefly in the Scottish dialect, was published here in 1786, and became known as the Kilmarnock volume. The internationally-distributed whiskey brand Johnnie Walker originated in the town in the 19th century. Protest and backing from the Scottish Government took place in 2009, after Diageo, the owner of Johnnie Walker announced plans to close the bottling plant in the town after 289 years.
/m/04cjn	Karachi is the largest and most populous metropolitan city of Pakistan and its main seaport and financial centre, as well as the capital of Sindh province. The city has an estimated population of over 23.5 million people as of 2013, and an area of approximately 3,527 km², resulting in a density of more than 6,000 people per square kilometre. Karachi is the 3rd-largest city in the world by population within city limits, the 11th largest urban agglomeration in the world and the largest city in the Muslim world. It is Pakistan's centre of banking, industry, economic activity and trade and is home to Pakistan's largest corporations, including those involved in textiles, shipping, automotive industry, entertainment, the arts, fashion, advertising, publishing, software development and medical research. The city is a hub of higher education in South Asia and the Muslim world.\nKarachi is ranked as a beta world city. It was the capital of Pakistan until Islamabad was constructed as a capital to spread development evenly across the country and to prevent it from being concentrated in Karachi. Karachi is the location of the Port of Karachi and Port Bin Qasim, two of the region's largest and busiest ports. After the independence of Pakistan, the city population increased dramatically when hundreds of thousands of Muhajirs from India and other parts of South Asia came to settle in Karachi.
/m/04jzj	Leonhard Euler was a pioneering Swiss mathematician and physicist. He made important discoveries in fields as diverse as infinitesimal calculus and graph theory. He also introduced much of the modern mathematical terminology and notation, particularly for mathematical analysis, such as the notion of a mathematical function. He is also renowned for his work in mechanics, fluid dynamics, optics, astronomy, and music theory.\nEuler is considered to be the pre-eminent mathematician of the 18th century and one of the greatest mathematicians to have ever lived. He is also one of the most prolific mathematicians; his collected works fill 60–80 quarto volumes. He spent most of his adult life in St. Petersburg, Russia, and in Berlin, Prussia.\nA statement attributed to Pierre-Simon Laplace expresses Euler's influence on mathematics: \"Read Euler, read Euler, he is the master of us all.\"
/m/06dl_	Raymond Thornton Chandler was an American novelist and screenwriter. In 1932, at age forty-four, Raymond Chandler decided to become a detective fiction writer after losing his job as an oil company executive during the Depression. His first short story, \"Blackmailers Don't Shoot\", was published in 1933 in Black Mask, a popular pulp magazine. His first novel, The Big Sleep, was published in 1939. In addition to his short stories, Chandler published just seven full novels during his lifetime. All but Playback have been made into motion pictures, some several times. In the year before he died, he was elected president of the Mystery Writers of America. He died on March 26, 1959, in La Jolla, California.\nChandler had an immense stylistic influence on American popular literature, and is considered by many to be a founder, along with Dashiell Hammett, James M. Cain and other Black Mask writers, of the hard-boiled school of detective fiction. His protagonist, Philip Marlowe, along with Hammett's Sam Spade, is considered by some to be synonymous with \"private detective,\" both having been played on screen by Humphrey Bogart, whom many considered to be the quintessential Marlowe.
/m/0gw7p	The Sting is a 1973 American caper film set in September 1936, involving a complicated plot by two professional grifters to con a mob boss. The film was directed by George Roy Hill, who had directed Newman and Redford in the western Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid. Created by screenwriter David S. Ward, the story was inspired by real-life cons perpetrated by brothers Fred and Charley Gondorff and documented by David Maurer in his book The Big Con: The Story of the Confidence Man.\nThe title phrase refers to the moment when a con artist finishes the \"play\" and takes the mark's money. If a con is successful, the mark does not realize he has been \"taken\", at least not until the con men are long gone. The film is played out in distinct sections with old-fashioned title cards, with lettering and illustrations rendered in a style reminiscent of the Saturday Evening Post. The film is noted for its anachronistic use of ragtime, particularly the melody \"The Entertainer\" by Scott Joplin, which was adapted for the movie by Marvin Hamlisch. The film's success encouraged a surge of popular and critical acclaim for Joplin's work.
/m/02kfzz	The Ghost and the Darkness is a 1996 historical adventure film starring Michael Douglas and Val Kilmer set in Africa at the end of the 19th century. It was directed by Stephen Hopkins and the screenplay was written by William Goldman.\nThe film tells a fictionalised account about the two lions that attacked and killed workers at Tsavo, Kenya during the building of the Uganda-Mombasa Railway in East Africa in 1898.\nDespite receiving a mixed critical response, the film won an Academy Award for Sound Editing.
/m/02_n5d	Patricia Helen Heaton is an American actress and producer. She is known for portraying Debra Barone on the CBS sitcom Everybody Loves Raymond from 1996 to 2005, for which she won two Emmy Awards and as Frances \"Frankie\" Heck on the ABC sitcom The Middle.
/m/03wdsbz	Paul Sylbert is an American Academy Award-winning production designer, art director, and set designer who directed on occasion.\nBorn in Brooklyn, New York, Sylbert fought in the Korean War and attended the Tyler School of Art at Temple University in Elkins Park, Pennsylvania with his identical twin brother Richard. Early in their careers, they collaborated on Baby Doll and A Face in the Crowd.\nSylbert's additional design credits include The Wrong Man, The Tiger Makes Out, One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, The Drowning Pool, Heaven Can Wait, Kramer vs. Kramer, Wolfen, Blow Out, Gorky Park, The Pope of Greenwich Village, Ishtar, Biloxi Blues, Fresh Horses, The Prince of Tides, Free Willy 2: The Adventure Home, The Grass Harp, Rosewood, Conspiracy Theory, and To End All Wars.\nSylbert's one foray into writing and directing for feature films was The Steagle starring Richard Benjamin. The screenplay for the 1981 film Nighthawks was adapted from a story he wrote. He directed episodes of the television series The Defenders, The Nurses, and The Reporter.\nSylbert's lone theatre credit is a 1990 revival of the Elmer Rice play Street Scene at the New York State Theater in Lincoln Center.
/m/0blq0z	Jeremy Lee Renner is an American actor, singer-songwriter, film producer, former makeup artist, and musician. He is best known for his roles in The Hurt Locker for which he received an Academy Award nomination for Best Actor, and for playing Hawkeye in Marvel's The Avengers. He also appeared in commercially successful films such as Mission: Impossible – Ghost Protocol, The Bourne Legacy, Hansel and Gretel: Witch Hunters, and American Hustle. Throughout the 2000s, Renner appeared largely in independent films such as Dahmer and Neo Ned. He also appeared in supporting roles in bigger films such as S.W.A.T. and 28 Weeks Later. He then turned out a much-praised performance in The Town, for which he received an Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actor.
/m/0nk95	A beauty pageant or beauty contest is a competition that mainly focuses on the physical beauty of its contestants, although such contests also incorporate personality, intelligence, talent, and answers to judges' questions as judged criteria. The phrase almost invariably refers only to contests for women and girls; similar events for men or boys are called by other names and are more likely to be bodybuilding contests.\nWinners of beauty contests are often called beauty queens. Children's beauty pageants mainly focus on beauty, gowns, sportswear modelling, talent, and personal interviews. Adult and teen pageants focus on makeup, hair and gowns, swimsuit modelling, and personal interviews. Possible awards include titles, tiaras or crowns, sashes, savings bonds, and cash prizes.
/m/027ht3n	Michelle Suzanne Dockery is a Golden Globe- and Emmy-nominated English actress and singer. She is best known for her role as Lady Mary Crawley in the ITV drama series Downton Abbey. For her role in the play Burnt by the Sun she earned a Laurence Olivier Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress. Some of her other notable stage credits are Pygmalion, The Pillars of Society and Hamlet as Ophelia.
/m/0rh6k	Washington, D.C., formally the District of Columbia and commonly referred to as Washington, \"the District\", or simply D.C., is the capital of the United States. The signing of the Residence Act on July 16, 1790, approved the creation of a capital district located along the Potomac River on the country's East Coast. As permitted by the U.S. Constitution, the District is under the exclusive jurisdiction of the Congress and is therefore not a part of any U.S. state.\nThe states of Maryland and Virginia each donated land to form the federal district, which included the preexisting settlements of Georgetown and Alexandria. Named in honor of George Washington, the City of Washington was founded in 1791 to serve as the new national capital. In 1846, Congress returned the land originally ceded by Virginia and created a single municipal government for the remaining portion of the District in 1871.\nWashington, D.C., had an estimated population of 646,449 in 2013, the 24th most populous place in the United States. Commuters from the surrounding Maryland and Virginia suburbs raise the city's population to more than one million during the workweek. The Washington Metropolitan Area, of which the District is a part, has a population of 5.8 million, the seventh-largest metropolitan area in the country.
/m/0kyk	An author is broadly defined as \"the person who originated or gave existence to anything\" and whose authorship determines responsibility for what was created. Narrowly defined, an author is the originator of any written work and can also be described as a writer.
/m/0f2r6	Salt Lake City, often shortened to Salt Lake or SLC, is the capital and the most populous city in the state of Utah. With an estimated population of 189,314 in 2012, the city lies in the core of the Salt Lake City metropolitan area, which has a total population of 1,175,905. Salt Lake City is further situated in a larger urban area known as the Wasatch Front, which has a population of 2,350,274. It is one of only two major urban areas in the Great Basin, and the largest in the Intermountain West.\nThe city was founded in 1847 by Brigham Young, Isaac Morley, George Washington Bradley and several other Mormon followers, who extensively irrigated and cultivated the arid valley. Due to its proximity to the Great Salt Lake, the city was originally named \"Great Salt Lake City\"—the word \"great\" was dropped from the official name in 1868 by the 17th Utah Territorial Legislature. Although Salt Lake City is still home to the headquarters of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, less than half the population of Salt Lake City proper are members of the LDS Church today.\nImmigration of international LDS members, mining booms, and the construction of the first transcontinental railroad initially brought economic growth, and the city was nicknamed the Crossroads of the West. It was traversed by the Lincoln Highway, the first transcontinental highway, in 1913, and presently two major cross-country freeways, I-15 and I-80, intersect in the city. Salt Lake City has since developed a strong outdoor recreation tourist industry based primarily on skiing, and hosted the 2002 Winter Olympics. It is the industrial banking center of the United States.
/m/03c6v3	Lauren Helen Graham is an American actress, producer and novelist. She is best known for playing Lorelai Gilmore on the WB Network dramedy series Gilmore Girls and Sarah Braverman on Parenthood.
/m/02f2jh	The California State Assembly is the lower house of the California State Legislature. The legislative body consists of 80 members, with each member representing approximately 465,000 people. Due to the state's large population and relatively small legislature, the State Assembly has the largest population per representative ratio of any state legislature lower house and second largest of any legislative lower house in the United States after the federal House of Representatives. As a result of Proposition 140 in 1990 and Proposition 28 in 2012, members elected to the legislature prior to 2012 are restricted by term limits to three two-year terms, while those elected in or after 2012 are allowed to serve 12 years in the legislature in any combination of four-year state senate or two-year state assembly terms.\nThe State Assembly convenes at the California State Capitol in Sacramento.
/m/056xx8	Sportgemeinschaft Dynamo Dresden e. V., commonly known as simply SG Dynamo Dresden or Dynamo Dresden, is a German association football club, based in Dresden, Saxony. It was founded on 12 April 1953, as a club affiliated with the East German police, and became one of the most popular and successful clubs in East German football, winning eight league titles. After the reunification of Germany, Dynamo played four seasons in the top division Bundesliga, but have since drifted between the second and fourth tiers. The club achieved promotion to the 2. Fußball-Bundesliga for the 2011–12 season.
/m/01lvd0	The Labour Party, formerly the Norwegian Labour Party, is a social-democratic political party in Norway. It was formerly the senior partner of the governing Red-Green Coalition, and its leader, Jens Stoltenberg, is the former Prime Minister of Norway.\nThe Labour Party is officially committed to social-democratic ideals. Its slogan since the 1930s has been \"work for everyone\", and the party seeks a strong welfare state, funded through taxes and duties. During the last 20 years, the party has included more of the principles of a social market economy in its policy, allowing for privatisation of government-held assets and services and reducing income tax progressivity, following the wave of economic liberalisation in the 1980s. The Labour Party profiles itself as a progressive party that subscribes to cooperation on a national as well as international level. Its youth wing is the Workers' Youth League. The party is a full member of the Party of European Socialists and Progressive Alliance, and is an observer member of the Socialist International.\nFounded in 1887, the party steadily increased in support until it became the largest party in Norway in 1927, a position it has held ever since. This year also saw the consolidation of conflicts surrounding the party during the 1920s following its membership in the Comintern from 1919 to 1923. It formed its first government in 1928, and has led the government for all but 16 years since 1935. From 1945 to 1961, the party had an absolute majority in the Norwegian parliament, the only time this has ever happened in Norwegian history. During this time, Norway was casually referred to as a \"one party state\". The domination by the Labour Party, during the 1960s and early 1970s, was initially broken by competition from the left, primarily from the Socialist People's Party. From the end of the 1970s however, the party started to lose voters to the right, leading to a turn to the right for the party under Gro Harlem Brundtland during the 1980s. In 2001 the party achieved its worst electoral results since 1924, forcing it to commit to a co-operation agreement with other parties in order to form a majority government.
/m/06b3g4	Michael Connor \"Mike\" Gainey, better known as M. C. Gainey, is an American film and television actor whose distinctive mustache, 6'2½\" height, and threatening look have landed him supporting roles as Southern/Southwestern types, thugs, and criminals.
/m/05dtsb	Alexander \"Xander\" Harper Berkeley is an American actor. He is best known for his television roles of George Mason on the political thriller series 24, Percy Rose on the action thriller series Nikita and Sheriff Thomas McAllister on the crime drama \"The Mentalist\". In films, he is known for having portrayed a wide range of supporting and character roles in the well-known films The Fabulous Baker Boys, Terminator 2: Judgement Day, Candyman, Apollo 13, Gattaca, Taken, Safe, Kick-Ass, Air Force One, Shanghai Noon, If These Walls Could Talk, Five, and Sid and Nancy.\nHe is also known for being the series lead of the web series The Booth At The End for which he received the Streamy Award for \"Best Male Performance, Drama in 2013.\"
/m/01kt17	Hume Cronyn, OC was a Canadian actor of stage and screen, who enjoyed a long career, often appearing professionally alongside Jessica Tandy, his wife for over four decades.
/m/04y0hj	Bipasha Basu is an Indian actress who appears in Hindi language films. She has also worked in Telugu, Bengali and Tamil language films. She had a successful modeling career before venturing into films.\nShe debuted in a negative role in Ajnabee which earned her the Filmfare Award for Best Female Debut. Her first commercial success was Raaz. She was then noticed for her bold role in the erotic thriller film, Jism. She starred in top grossing films like – No Entry, Phir Hera Pheri, Dhoom 2 – her biggest commercial success till date and Race. Her performances in Apharan, Corporate and Bachna Ae Haseeno won her much praise and multiple nominations for several awards. She then appeared in commercial successful films such as All the Best: Fun Begins, Raaz 3 and also her roles being highly praised by film critics. Having done so, Bipasha Basu has established herself as a leading contemporary actress in Bollywood and is a household name. Known for her bold on-screen image and candid confession of her private life, she is frequently named in the media as a \"sex symbol\".\nShe has been nominated for the Filmfare Award for Best Actress and the Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actress twice each along with one nomination for the Filmfare Award for Best Performance in a Negative Role. Roles apart, she is renowned for her item songs like \"Phoonk De\" in No Smoking, and \"Beedi\" and \"Namak Ishq Ka\" in Omkara amongst others. Basu made her international film debut with the 2013 Australian film Singularity.
/m/04wp3s	Sam Rockwell is an American actor known for his leading roles in Lawn Dogs, Confessions of a Dangerous Mind, Matchstick Men, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, Choke, Moon and Seven Psychopaths, as well as for his supporting roles in The Green Mile, Galaxy Quest, The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford, Frost/Nixon, Conviction, Cowboys & Aliens, Iron Man 2, and The Way Way Back.
/m/08314	County Wicklow is a county in Ireland. It is part of the Mid-East Region and is also located in the province of Leinster. It is named after the town of Wicklow, which derives from the Old Norse name Víkingalág or Wykynlo. Wicklow County Council is the local authority for the county. The population of the county is 136,640 according to the 2011 census.\nWicklow is colloquially known as the Garden of Ireland. It is the 17th largest of Ireland's 32 counties by area, being thirty-three miles in length by twenty miles in breadth, and 15th largest by population. It is the fourth largest of Leinster's 12 counties by size and the fifth largest in terms of population. Between 2006 and 2011 the population of the county grew between 5–10%\nThe boundaries of the county were extended in 1957 by the Local Government Act which \"detached lands from the County of Dublin and from the jurisdiction and powers of the Council of the County of Dublin\" near Bray and added them to the County of Wicklow. The adjoining counties are Wexford to the south, Carlow to the south-west, Kildare to the west and Dublin to the north.
/m/03x42	Irish, also known as Irish Gaelic or Gaelic, is a Goidelic language of the Indo-European language family, originating in Ireland and historically spoken by the Irish people. Irish is spoken as a first language by a small minority of Irish people, and as a second language by a rather larger group. Irish enjoys constitutional status as the national and first official language of the Republic of Ireland. It is an official language of the European Union and an officially recognised minority language in Northern Ireland.\nIrish was the predominant language of the Irish people for most of their recorded history, and they brought it with them to other countries, notably Scotland and the Isle of Man, where it gave rise to Scottish Gaelic and Manx. It has the oldest vernacular literature in Western Europe.\nThe fate of the language was influenced by the increasing power of the English state in Ireland. Elizabethan officials viewed the use of Irish unfavourably, as being a threat to all things English in Ireland. Its decline began under English rule in the seventeenth century. In the latter part of the nineteenth century there was a dramatic decrease in the number of speakers, beginning after the Great Famine of 1845–1852. Irish-speaking areas were hit especially hard. By the end of British rule, the language was spoken by less than 15% of the national population. Since then, Irish speakers have been in the minority except in areas collectively known as the Gaeltacht. Efforts have been made by the state, individuals and organisations to preserve, promote and revive the language, but with mixed results.
/m/02rf51g	Herbert Stothart was a songwriter, arranger, conductor, and composer. He was also nominated for nine Oscars, winning Best Original Score for The Wizard of Oz.
/m/01hf6	Balochistan, is a province of southwestern Pakistan. It spreads primarily along the eastern part of the geographic region of Balochistan. It is the largest of Pakistan's four administrative provinces in terms of area, constituting approximately 44% of the country's total land mass, and the smallest in terms of population, being home to less than 5% of the country's population. Balochistan province is bordered by Afghanistan to the north and north-west, Iran to the south-west, the Arabian Sea to the south, Punjab and Sindh to the east, and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and Federally Administered Tribal Areas to the north-east. Quetta is the capital and largest city of Balochistan.\nThe main ethnic groups in the province are Baloch, Pashtuns and Brahuis, and there are relatively smaller communities of Iranians, Hazaras, Sindhis and other settlers, including Punjabis, Uzbeks, and Turkmens. The name Balochistan means \"the land of the Baloch\" in many regional languages.
/m/0mb2b	New London is a seaport city and a port of entry on the northeast coast of the United States. It is located at the mouth of the Thames River in New London County, southeastern Connecticut. New London is located about 107 miles from Boston, Massachusetts, 56 miles from Providence, Rhode Island, 85 miles from New Bedford, Massachusetts, and about 128 miles from New York City.\nFor several decades beginning in the early 19th century, New London was the world's third busiest whaling port after New Bedford, Massachusetts, and Nantucket. The wealth that whaling brought into the city furnished the capital to fund much of the city's present architecture. New London subsequently became home to other shipping and manufacturing industries, but has gradually lost its commercial and industrial heart. The city is home to Connecticut College, Mitchell College, the United States Coast Guard Academy, and The Williams School. New London Harbor is home port to the U.S. Coast Guard Cutter Chinook and the Coast Guard's tall ship Eagle.\nNew London had a population of 27,620 at the 2010 census. The Norwich-New London metropolitan area includes twenty-one towns and 274,055 people.
/m/01k53x	Rebecca Alie Romijn is an American actress and former fashion model. She is best known for her role as Mystique in the X-Men films and for her recurring role as Alexis Meade on the television series Ugly Betty. During her marriage to actor John Stamos, she was often credited as Rebecca Romijn-Stamos.
/m/0bg4j_	SV Wehen Wiesbaden is a German association football club based in Wiesbaden, Hesse.
/m/0257h9	In education in the United States, magnet schools are public schools with specialized courses or curricula. \"Magnet\" refers to how the schools draw students from across the normal boundaries defined by authorities as school zones that feed into certain schools.\nThere are magnet schools at the elementary school, middle school, and high school levels. In the United States, where education is decentralized, some magnet schools are established by school districts and draw only from the district, while others are set up by state governments and may draw from multiple districts. Other magnet programs are within comprehensive schools, as is the case with several \"schools within a school.\" In large urban areas, several magnet schools with different specializations may be combined into a single \"center,\" such as Skyline High School in Dallas.\nOther countries have similar types of schools, such as specialist schools in Britain or Anatolian high schools in Turkey. The majority of these are academically selective. Other schools are built around elite sporting programs or teach agricultural skills such as farming or animal breeding.
/m/01_vfy	Sidney Arthur Lumet was an American director, producer and screenwriter with over 50 films to his credit. He was nominated for the Academy Award as Best Director for 12 Angry Men, Dog Day Afternoon, Network and The Verdict. He did not win an individual Academy Award, but he did receive an Academy Honorary Award and 14 of his films were nominated for various Oscars, such as Network, which was nominated for ten, winning four.\nThe Encyclopedia of Hollywood states that Lumet was one of the most prolific directors of the modern era, making more than one movie per year on average since his directorial debut in 1957. He was noted by Turner Classic Movies for his \"strong direction of actors\", \"vigorous storytelling\" and the \"social realism\" in his best work. Film critic Roger Ebert described him as having been \"one of the finest craftsmen and warmest humanitarians among all film directors.\" Lumet was also known as an \"actor's director,\" having worked with the best of them during his career, probably more than \"any other director.\" Sean Connery, who acted in five of his films, considered him one of his favorite directors, and a director who had that \"vision thing.\"
/m/02g75	Dan Simmons is an American author most widely known for his Hugo Award-winning science fiction series, known as the Hyperion Cantos, and for his Locus-winning Ilium/Olympos cycle.\nHe spans genres such as science fiction, horror and fantasy, sometimes within the same novel: a typical example of Simmons' ability to intermingle genres is Song of Kali, winner of World Fantasy Award. He is also a respected author of mysteries and thrillers, some of which feature the continuing character Joe Kurtz.
/m/0gqxm	The Academy Award for Best Makeup and Hairstyling is the Oscar given to the best achievement in makeup and hair-styling for film. Usually, only three films are nominated each year rather than five as in most categories. The exception is in the early 1980s, when there were only two nominees; and in 1999, when there were four nominees.\nThe competitive category was created in 1981 as the Academy Award for Best Makeup, after the Academy received complaints that the make-up work in The Elephant Man was not going to be honored. No award was given to The Elephant Man however, but an entire category dedicated to honoring make-up effects in film was created for subsequent ceremonies. Previously, make-up artists were only eligible for special achievement awards for their work.\nThis is one of the categories with different stages of nominating. There is a prelimary list of nominees after they are screened by the members of the branch and then they choose from the pre-nominees what the final nominees will be. Then the whole membership of the academy votes on the winner.\nIn 2012, the category was renamed to its current name for use in the 85th Academy Awards and onward.
/m/0gyx4	Henry Warren Beatty is an American actor, producer, screenwriter and director.\nBeatty has been nominated for 14 Academy Awards, and has won the Best Director Award and the Academy's highest honor, the Irving G. Thalberg Award. He has been nominated for 18 Golden Globe Awards and won six, including the Cecil B. DeMille Award in 2007. Beatty is the only person have been nominated for best producer, director, writer and actor in the same film — doing so twice.
/m/07663r	Estelle Harris is a comedic actress and voice artist, often recognized for her shrill, grating voice. She is best known for her role as Estelle Costanza on Seinfeld from 1992 to 1998, as the voice of Mrs. Potato Head in the Toy Story franchise, and Muriel on The Suite Life of Zack & Cody.
/m/0qr4n	Prescott is a city in Yavapai County, Arizona, United States. According to 2010 Census, the population of the city is 39,843. The city is the county seat of Yavapai County. In 1864 Prescott was designated as the capital of the Arizona Territory, replacing the temporary capital at Fort Whipple. The Territorial Capital was moved to Tucson in 1867. Prescott again became the Territorial Capital in 1877, until Phoenix became the capital in 1889.\nThe towns of Prescott Valley, 7 miles east; Chino Valley, 16 miles north; Dewey-Humboldt, 13 miles east, and Prescott, together comprise what is locally known as the \"Quad-City\" area. This also sometimes refers to central Yavapai County in general, which would include the towns of: Mayer, Paulden, Wilhoit, and Williamson Valley. Combined with these smaller communities the area had a population of 103,260 as of 2007. Prescott is the center of the Prescott Metropolitan Area, defined by the U.S. Census Bureau as all of Yavapai County. In 2010 Yavapai County had 211,073 residents according to the U.S. Census Bureau, making Metro Prescott the third-largest metropolitan area in Arizona, after Phoenix and Tucson. Metro Prescott will eventually become part of the Arizona Sun Corridor megaregion, with a total estimated megapolitan population of 7.4 million people in 2025.
/m/06x4l_	Dan Wilson is a multi-instrumentalist, vocalist, visual artist, songwriter and producer. He is both a solo artist and the lead singer of the band Semisonic, for which he wrote the hits \"Closing Time\", \"Secret Smile\", and \"Chemistry.\" Wilson was also a member of indie favorite Trip Shakespeare from the mid-1980s to early 1990s and of college bands Animal Dance, The Love Monsters and The Floating World in the early 1980s.\nCurrently, Wilson is perhaps best known for his co-writing and collaborations with other artists. He contributed three songs to the 2011 album 21 by UK singer-songwriter Adele, which has had the longest Top 5 run in history on the Billboard Album Chart and which won the 2012 Grammy Award for Album of the Year. Wilson was part of that Grammy-winning team, as he co-wrote, produced and performed the piano on the hit single \"Someone Like You\" which held the No. 1 position for 5 weeks in the U.S. and has remained in the Top 20 of the Billboard Hot 100 for months. The song has topped the charts in many other countries as well, including the UK, Australia, France, and Germany. Wilson also co-wrote the song \"Home\" by Dierks Bentley, the second single for Bentley's 2012 album Home. The song reached No. 1 on the Billboard Country Singles Chart and was nominated for the 2012 Song of the Year award by both the Country Music Association and the Academy of Country Music. Wilson co-wrote Missy Higgins' 2012 single, \"Everyone's Waiting,\" which reached #11 on the ARIA Charts and has remained in Australia's Top 40 for 8 weeks. Wilson co-wrote six songs for the 2010 Josh Groban album Illuminations, including the singles \"Hidden Away\" and \"Higher Window\", both of which charted on the Billboard Hot Adult Contemporary Chart. Wilson co-wrote six songs with the Dixie Chicks for their 2006 album Taking the Long Way, which garnered the coveted Album of the Year at the 2007 Grammy Awards. Wilson himself received the 2007 Grammy Award for Song of the Year for \"Not Ready to Make Nice,\" one of the songs he co-wrote with the Dixie Chicks. His accolades as a songwriter have grown from success with his own band Semisonic. In 1999, Wilson was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Rock Song for Semisonic's \"Closing Time,\" which hit No. 6 in the Top 40 Chart and was No. 1 on the Modern Rock Chart.
/m/027lfrs	Om Shivpuri was an Indian theatre actor-director and character actor in Hindi films.\nA National School of Drama, New Delhi alumnus, Om Shivpuri became the first chief of the National School of Drama Repertory Company and one of its actors; he later founded an important theatre group of its era, in New Delhi: Dishantar.
/m/03jb2n	Eintracht Frankfurt e.V. is a German sports club, based in Frankfurt, Hesse, that is best known for its association football club, currently playing in the Bundesliga, the top tier of the German football league system.\nThe club was founded in 1899, and have won one German championship, four DFB-Pokals, and one UEFA Europa League. Since 1925, their stadium is the Waldstadion, which since 1 July 2005, is called Commerzbank-Arena for sponsorship reasons.
/m/0l67h	A novella is a written, fictional, prose narrative normally longer than a short story but shorter than a novel. The English word \"novella\" derives from the Italian word \"novella\", feminine of \"novello\", which means \"new\". The novella is a common literary genre in several European languages.
/m/0_jq4	York, known as the White Rose City, is a city located in York County, Pennsylvania, United States, which is in the South Central region of the state. The population within the city limits was 43,718 at the 2010 census, which was a 7.0% increase from the 2000 count of 40,862. When combined with the adjacent boroughs of West York and North York and surrounding Spring Garden, West Manchester, and Springettsbury townships, the population of Greater York is 108,386. York is the county seat of York County, and is located at 39°58′00″N 76°45′00″W﻿ / ﻿39.96667°N 76.75000°W. York is currently the 14th largest city in Pennsylvania.
/m/01vvlyt	India.Arie is a Grammy Award-winning American singer-songwriter, musician, and record producer. She has sold over 3.3 million records in the US and 10 million worldwide. She has won four Grammy Awards from her 21 nominations, including Best R&B Album.
/m/02gys2	Olympique de Marseille or simply Marseille, is a French association football club based in Marseille.\nFounded in 1899, the club play in Ligue 1 and have spent most of their history in the top tier of French football. Marseille have been French champions nine times and have won the Coupe de France a record ten times. In 1993, the club became the first and only French club to win the UEFA Champions League. In 1994, Marseille were relegated because of a bribery scandal, losing their domestic trophy, but not the UEFA Champions League title. In 2010, Marseille became French champions again, under the stewardship of former club captain Didier Deschamps.\nMarseille's home ground is the 60,031-person-capacity Stade Vélodrome located in the southern part of the city, where they have played since 1937. The Stade Vélodrome is renowned for its lively atmosphere. The club have a large fan-base having regularly averaged the highest all-time attendance in French football. Marseille's average home gate for the 2008–09 season was 52,276, the highest in Ligue 1. The club is sixteenth globally in terms of annual revenue, generating €135.7 million in 2012.
/m/01wttr1	Madhuri Dixit is an Indian film actress who is known for her work in Hindi cinema. Often cited as one of the best actresses in Bollywood, Dixit made her film debut in Abodh and received wider public recognition with Tezaab. She went on to establish herself as one of Hindi cinema's leading actresses, acknowledged for several of her performances, her beauty, and her accomplished dancing.\nSome of her proceeding films include such box-office hits as Ram Lakhan,Tridev, Parinda, Dil, Saajan, Beta, Khalnayak, Hum Aapke Hain Koun..! and Raja. After a relatively low phase, she reinvented herself with the romance Dil To Pagal Hai and subsequently received critical acclaim for her work in films like Mrityudand, Pukar, Lajja and Devdas. In 2002, she took a sabbatical from films to raise her children and made a comeback with the musical Aaja Nachle in 2007. Dixit also judged two seasons of Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa '.\nDixit has won six Filmfare Awards, four for Best Actress, one for Best Supporting Actress and one special Filmfare award for completing 25 years in Bollywood. She holds the record for the highest number of Best Actress nominations at Filmfare. In 2008, she was awarded the Padma Shri, India's fourth-highest civilian award by the Government of India.
/m/02wszf	An infielder is a baseball player stationed at one of four defensive \"infield\" positions on the baseball field.
/m/0561xh	Shankar Jaikishan, were a duo who composed Indian music for the Hindi film industry, who worked together from 1949–1971.\nShankar-Jaikishan, along with other artists, wrote \"everlasting\" and \"immortal melodies\" in the fifties and sixties. Their best work was noted for being \"raga-based and having both lilt and sonority\".
/m/0ky1	Sir Arthur Ignatius Conan Doyle DL was a Scottish physician and writer who is most noted for his fictional stories about the detective Sherlock Holmes, which are generally considered milestones in the field of crime fiction. He is also known for writing the fictional adventures of a second character he invented, Professor Challenger, and for popularising the mystery of the Mary Celeste. He was a prolific writer whose other works include fantasy and science fiction stories, plays, romances, poetry, non-fiction, and historical novels.
/m/01swxv	The University of Delaware is the largest university in Delaware. The main campus is in Newark, with satellite campuses in Dover, Wilmington, Lewes, and Georgetown. It is medium-sized – approximately 16,000 undergraduate and 3,500 graduate students. Although UD receives public funding for being a land-grant, sea-grant, space-grant and urban-grant state-supported research institution, it is also privately chartered. As of 2012, the school's endowment is valued at about US$ 1.09 billion. Delaware has been labeled one of the \"Public Ivies,\" a publicly funded university considered as providing a quality of education comparable to those of the Ivy League.\nUD is classified as a research university with very high research activity by the Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education. The university's programs in engineering, science, business, hospitality management, education, urban affairs and public policy, public administration, agriculture, history, chemical and biomolecular engineering, chemistry and biochemistry have been highly ranked with some drawing from the historically strong presence of the nation's chemical and pharmaceutical industries in the state of Delaware, such as DuPont and W. L. Gore and Associates. It is one of only four schools in North America with a major in art conservation. UD was the first American university to begin a study abroad program.
/m/0cm89v	Sean Patrick Michael McNamara is an American film director, film producer, actor, and screenwriter.\nMcNamara was born in Burbank, California. He is best known for his feature film Soul Surfer and in the preteen film market, having worked with Jessica Alba, Hilary Duff, Shia LaBeouf, Christy Carlson Romano, and Raven-Symoné. McNamara and David Brookwell are the founders of the Brookwell McNamara Entertainment production company. McNamara has continued to produce and create shows for MTV's The N, Nickelodeon, Disney Channel, and Cartoon Network. He collaborated with Shin Sang-ok to make 3 Ninjas: High Noon at Mega Mountain, a critical disaster starring Hulk Hogan.\nMcNamara briefly appeared as the singing cowboy in the Even Stevens musical episode \"Influenza: The Musical\" and as an alleged alien abductee in the episode \"Close Encounters of the Beans Kind.\" On That's So Raven, McNamara had a cameo appearance as a Plumber in the episode \"Out of Control.\"
/m/03kts	Joseph Harry Fowler Connick, Jr. is an American singer, musician and actor. He has sold over 28 million albums worldwide. Connick is ranked among the top 60 best-selling male artists in the United States by the Recording Industry Association of America, with 16 million in certified sales. He has seven top-20 US albums, and ten number-1 US jazz albums, earning more number-one albums than any other artist in the US jazz chart history.\nConnick's best selling album in the United States is his 1993 Christmas album When My Heart Finds Christmas, which also is one of the best selling Christmas albums in the United States. His highest charting album, is his 2004 release Only You which reached No. 5 in the U.S. and No. 6 in Britain. He has won three Grammy awards and two Emmy Awards. He played Grace's husband, Dr. Leo Markus, on the TV sitcom Will & Grace from 2002 to 2006.\nConnick began his acting career as a tail gunner in the World War II film, Memphis Belle, in 1990. He played a serial killer in Copycat in 1995, before being cast as jet fighter pilot in the 1996 blockbuster Independence Day. Connick's first role as a leading man was in 1998's Hope Floats with Sandra Bullock. His first thriller film since Copycat came in 2003 in the film Basic with John Travolta. Additionally, he played the violent ex-husband in Bug, before two romantic comedies, 2007's P.S. I Love You, and the leading man in New in Town with Renée Zellweger in 2009. In 2011, he appeared in the family film Dolphin Tale as Dr. Clay Haskett and in the 2014 sequel, Dolphin Tale 2.
/m/0h7jp	Gironde is a common name for the Gironde estuary, where the mouths of the Garonne and Dordogne rivers merge, and for a department in the Aquitaine region situated in southwest France. The Bordeaux wine region is in the Gironde.
/m/018phr	Martie Maguire is an American musician who is a founding member of the female alternative country band, the Dixie Chicks. She won awards in national fiddle championships while still a teenager. Maguire is accomplished on several other instruments, including the mandolin, viola, double bass and guitar. She has written and co-written a number of the band's songs, some of which have become chart-topping hits. She also contributes her skills in vocal harmony and backing vocals, as well as orchestrating string arrangements for the band.\nMaguire learned several instruments at a young age, honing her skills with her younger sister, Emily Robison and two schoolmates for over five years as a part of a touring bluegrass quartet while in high school. After graduation, the sisters forged an alliance with two other women they had met through the Dallas music scene, Laura Lynch and Robin Lynn Macy, forming a bluegrass and country music band, busking and touring the bluegrass festival circuits for six years. After the departure of Macy, and the replacement of Lynch with singer Natalie Maines, the band widened their musical repertoire and appearance. The result was a trio so commercially successful that it took the country music industry by surprise, with a number of hit songs, albums, and awards that have set records in the music industry. Maguire subsequently stood by her bandmates as they were engulfed in political controversy.
/m/039bpc	Nicholas Scott \"Nick\" Lachey is an American singer-songwriter, actor, producer, and television personality. Lachey rose to fame as the lead singer of the multi-platinum selling boy band 98 Degrees. He later starred in the reality television series Newlyweds: Nick and Jessica with his then-wife, Jessica Simpson. He has released two solo albums, SoulO and What's Left of Me. He is also known for his recurring role as Leslie St. Claire on the television series Charmed.
/m/02fp82	Kids' WB was an American children's programming block that originally aired on The WB Television Network from September 9, 1995 to September 16, 2006. On September 23, 2006, the block moved to The CW, which was created by CBS Corporation and WB co-parent Time Warner as a replacement for The WB and UPN, with much of its programming being borrowed from them. The Kids' WB television block ended on May 17, 2008, and the Saturday morning programming slot was sold to 4Kids Entertainment to launch The CW4Kids/Toonzai.\nKids' WB was relaunched as an online network on April 28, 2008, a few weeks before it was replaced by The CW4Kids. The service allows viewers to live-action and animated content, including those from Looney Tunes, Hanna-Barbera and DC Comics. The website operates different zones based on programming type: Kids' WB, Kids' WB, Jr. and DC HeroZone. It is also available on Fancast featuring Looney Tunes shorts, and full episodes of television series such as Scooby Doo, The Flintstones and The Jetsons.\nKids' WB also continues to exist in the form of branded program blocks that air on television in Australia and Bulgaria.
/m/06zl7g	FromSoftware, Inc. is a Japanese video game company founded in November 1986 that is known primarily for being the developers of the Armored Core, Demon's Souls, Dark Souls, King's Field, Otogi and Tenchu series.
/m/03rk0	India, officially the Republic of India, is a country in South Asia. It is the seventh-largest country by area, the second-most populous country with over 1.2 billion people, and the most populous democracy in the world. Bounded by the Indian Ocean on the south, the Arabian Sea on the south-west, and the Bay of Bengal on the south-east, it shares land borders with Pakistan to the west; China, Nepal, and Bhutan to the north-east; and Burma and Bangladesh to the east. In the Indian Ocean, India is in the vicinity of Sri Lanka and the Maldives; in addition, India's Andaman and Nicobar Islands share a maritime border with Thailand and Indonesia.\nHome to the ancient Indus Valley Civilisation and a region of historic trade routes and vast empires, the Indian subcontinent was identified with its commercial and cultural wealth for much of its long history. Four world religions—Hinduism, Buddhism, Jainism, and Sikhism—originated here, whereas Judaism, Zoroastrianism, Christianity, and Islam arrived in the 1st millennium CE and also helped shape the region's diverse culture. Gradually annexed by and brought under the administration of the British East India Company from the early 18th century and administered directly by the United Kingdom from the mid-19th century, India became an independent nation in 1947 after a struggle for independence that was marked by non-violent resistance led by Mahatma Gandhi.
/m/0bvz6	The East India Company, originally chartered as the Governor and Company of Merchants of London trading into the East Indies, and more properly called the Honourable East India Company, was an English and later British joint-stock company formed for pursuing trade with the East Indies but which ended up trading mainly with the Indian subcontinent, Qing Dynasty China, North-West Frontier Province and Balochistan.\nCommonly associated with trade in basic commodities, which included cotton, silk, indigo dye, salt, saltpetre, tea and opium, the Company received a Royal Charter from Queen Elizabeth in 1600, making it the oldest among several similarly formed European East India Companies. Shares of the company were owned by wealthy merchants and aristocrats. The government owned no shares and had only indirect control. The Company eventually came to rule large areas of India with its own private armies, exercising military power and assuming administrative functions. Company rule in India effectively began in 1757 after the Battle of Plassey and lasted until 1858 when, following the Indian Rebellion of 1857, the Government of India Act 1858 led to the British Crown assuming direct control of India in the era of the new British Raj.
/m/068l3t	Accra Hearts of Oak Sporting Club, commonly referred to as Hearts of Oak or just Hearts, is a professional football club based in Accra, Greater Accra. The club is competing in the Ghana Premier League.
/m/01z0lb	Melvin \"Block\" Van Peebles is an American actor, director, screenwriter, playwright, novelist and composer.\nHe is most famous for creating the acclaimed film Sweet Sweetback's Baadasssss Song, which heralded a new era of African-American focused films. He is the father of actor and director Mario Van Peebles.
/m/02hwyss	Turkish, also referred to as Istanbul Turkish or Anatolian Turkish, is the most widely spoken of the Turkic languages, with over 63 million native speakers. Speakers are located predominantly in Turkey, with smaller groups in Germany, Bulgaria, Macedonia, Northern Cyprus, Greece, and other parts of Eastern Europe, Caucasus and Central Asia.\nThe roots of the language can be traced to the Altay region, with the first known written records dating back nearly 1,300 years. To the west, the influence of Ottoman Turkish—the variety of the Turkish language that was used as the administrative and literary language of the Ottoman Empire—spread as the Ottoman Empire expanded. In 1928, as one of Atatürk's Reforms in the early years of the Republic of Turkey, the Ottoman script was replaced with a Latin alphabet.\nThe distinctive characteristics of Turkish are vowel harmony and extensive agglutination. The basic word order of Turkish is subject–object–verb. Turkish has no noun classes or grammatical gender. Turkish has a strong T–V distinction and usage of honorifics. Turkish uses second-person pronouns that distinguish varying levels of politeness, social distance, age, courtesy or familiarity toward the addressee. The plural second-person pronoun and verb forms are used referring to a single person out of respect. On occasion, double plural second-person \"sizler\" may be used to refer to a much-respected person.
/m/069q4f	Stop! Or My Mom Will Shoot is a 1992 American comedy action film written by Blake Snyder, William Osborne and William Davies, directed by Roger Spottiswoode and starring Sylvester Stallone and Estelle Getty.
/m/0kt64b	Lalita Pawar was a prolific Indian actress, who later became famous as a character actress, appearing in over 700 films in Hindi and Marathi cinema, where she gave hits like, Netaji Palkar, made by Bhalji Pendharkar, New Hana Pictures’ Sant Damaji, Navyug Chitrapat’s Amrit, written by VS Khandekar, and Chhaya Films’ Gora Kumbhar. Her other memorable roles were in film, Anari, Shri 420 and Mr & Mrs 55, and the role of Manthara, in Ramanand Sagar's television epic serial, Ramayan.
/m/0fz0c2	The 14th Academy Awards honored American film achievements in 1941 and was held in the Biltmore Bowl at the Biltmore Hotel. The ceremony is now considered notable, in retrospect, as the year in which Citizen Kane failed to win Best Picture, which instead was awarded to John Ford's How Green Was My Valley. Ford won his third award for Best Director, becoming the second to accomplish three wins in that category, and the first to win in consecutive years.\nMost public attention was focused on the Best Actress race between sibling rivals Joan Fontaine in Alfred Hitchcock’s Suspicion and Olivia de Havilland for Hold Back the Dawn. Fontaine’s victory was the only time an actress won for a performance in an Alfred Hitchcock film.\nThis was also the first year in which documentaries were included. The first Oscar for a documentary was awarded to Churchill's Island.\nThe Little Foxes established a new high of nine nominations without winning a single Oscar. Its mark was matched by Peyton Place in 1957, and exceeded by The Turning Point and The Color Purple, both of which received 11 nominations without a win.
/m/0jfvs	Liguria is a coastal region of north-western Italy, where Genoa is the capital. The region is popular with tourists for its beaches, towns, and cuisine.
/m/02_n7	Fort Wayne is a city in the U.S. state of Indiana and the county seat of Allen County. The population was 254,555 as of the 2012 Census estimate making it the 74th largest city in the United States and the second largest in Indiana after Indianapolis. The municipality is located in northeastern Indiana, approximately 18 miles west of the Ohio border and 50 miles south of the Michigan border. Fort Wayne is the principal city of the Fort Wayne metropolitan area, consisting of Allen, Wells, and Whitley counties, for an estimated population of 419,453. In addition to those three core counties, the combined statistical area includes Adams, DeKalb, Huntington, Noble, and Steuben counties, for a population of about 615,077.\nUnder the direction of American Revolutionary War statesman Anthony Wayne, the United States Army built Fort Wayne last in a series of forts near the Miami tribe village of Kekionga in 1794. Named in Wayne's honor, the settlement established itself at the confluence of the St. Joseph River, St. Marys River, and Maumee River as a trading post for European pioneers. The village was platted in 1823 and experienced tremendous growth after completion of the Wabash and Erie Canal and advent of the railroad. Once a booming industrial town located in the Rust Belt, Fort Wayne's economy has diversified in recent times, now relying on distribution, transportation, and logistics, health care, manufacturing, professional and business services, leisure and hospitality, and financial services. The city is also a center for the defense contractor industry which employs thousands in the city.
/m/04hzj	Liberia, officially the Republic of Liberia, is a country in West Africa bordered by Sierra Leone to its west, Guinea to its north and Ivory Coast to its east. It covers an area of 111,369 square kilometres and is home to about 3.7 million people. English is the official language and over thirty indigenous languages are also spoken within the country. Its coastline is composed mostly of mangroves, while its more sparsely populated inland consists of forests opening onto a plateau of drier grasslands. The climate is hot and equatorial, with significant rainfall during the May–October rainy season and harsh harmattan winds the remainder of the year. The country possesses about forty percent of the remaining Upper Guinean rainforest.\nLiberia is the only country in Africa founded by United States colonization while occupied by native Africans. Beginning in 1820, the region was colonized by African Americans from the United States, most of whom were freed slaves. The colonizers established a new country with the help of the American Colonization Society, a private organization whose leaders thought former slaves would have greater opportunity in Africa. African captives freed from slave ships by the British and Americans were sent there instead of being repatriated to their countries of origin. In 1847, this new country became the Republic of Liberia, establishing a government modeled on that of the United States and naming its capital city Monrovia after James Monroe, the fifth president of the United States and a prominent supporter of the colonization. The colonists and their descendants, known as Americo-Liberians, led the political, social, cultural and economic sectors of the country and ruled the nation for over 130 years as a dominant minority.
/m/06z5s	Suicide is the act of intentionally causing one's own death. Suicide is often committed out of despair, the cause of which is frequently attributed to a mental disorder such as depression, bipolar disorder, schizophrenia, borderline personality disorder, alcoholism, or drug abuse. Stress factors such as financial difficulties or troubles with interpersonal relationships often play a role. Efforts to prevent suicide include limiting access to firearms, treating mental illness and drug misuse, and improving economic development.\nThe most commonly used method of suicide varies by country and is partly related to availability. Common methods include: hanging, pesticide poisoning, and firearms. Around 800,000 to a million people die by suicide every year, making it the 10th leading cause of death worldwide. Rates are higher in men than in women, with males three to four times more likely to kill themselves than females. There are an estimated 10 to 20 million non-fatal attempted suicides every year. Attempts are more common in young people and females.\nViews on suicide have been influenced by broad existential themes such as religion, honor, and the meaning of life. The Abrahamic religions traditionally consider suicide an offense towards God due to the belief in the sanctity of life. During the samurai era in Japan, seppuku was respected as a means of atonement for failure or as a form of protest. Sati, a now outlawed East Indian practice, expected the widow to immolate herself on her husband's funeral pyre, either willingly or under pressure from the family and society.
/m/05slvm	Patricia Colleen Nelligan, known as Kate Nelligan, is a Canadian stage, film and television actress. Nelligan received an Academy Award nomination as Best Supporting Actress for the 1991 film The Prince of Tides. The same year she won a British Academy Award as Best Supporting Actress for Frankie and Johnny. During the 1980s, Nelligan also earned four Tony nominations for her work on the Broadway stage.
/m/0cb77r	Thomas Little was a United States set decorator on more than 450 Hollywood movies between 1932 and 1953. He won a total of 6 Oscars for art direction and received 21 nominations in the same category. His credits include The Keys of the Kingdom, The Fan, Belles on Their Toes, What Price Glory?, The Snows of Kilimanjaro, The Pride of St. Louis, and The Day the Earth Stood Still.
/m/0bn9sc	Bradley \"Brad\" Jones is an Australian football player who plays for Liverpool as a goalkeeper. He was a member of the Middlesbrough team for over a decade as well as having a number of loan spells at a succession of lower league clubs; Stockport, Rotherham United, Blackpool and Sheffield Wednesday, he also had a brief loan spell in Ireland with Shelbourne. In August 2010, he made a £2.3m move to Liverpool.
/m/014d7f	Fluoride is an inorganic anion of fluorine with the chemical formula F−\n. It contributes no color to fluoride salts. Fluoride is the main component of fluorite, and contributes a distinctive bitter taste, but no odor to fluoride salts. Its salts are mainly mined as a precursor to hydrogen fluoride. As it is classified as a weak base, concentrated fluoride solutions will cause skin irritation.\nFluoride is the simplest unary fluorine anion, the other being the tentatively investigated trifluorate anion. Its salts are important chemical reagents and industrial chemicals, mainly used in the production of hydrogen fluoride for fluorocarbons. Structurally, and to some extent chemically, the fluoride ion resembles the hydroxide ion. Fluoride ions occur on earth in several minerals, particularly fluorite, but are only present in trace quantities in water.
/m/01kh2m1	Robert Cray is an American blues guitarist and singer. A five-time Grammy Award winner, he has led his own band, as well as an acclaimed solo career.
/m/07lmxq	Miguel Sandoval is an American film and television actor.\nSandoval was born in Washington, D.C. He began working as a professional actor in 1975 when he joined a mime school in Albuquerque, New Mexico. He later joined the troupe full time and continued his study of mime. He began his film career in the early 1980s. He had small roles in such acclaimed films Do the Right Thing, Jungle Fever, and Jurassic Park. After appearing in Clear and Present Danger in 1994, he began to take on larger roles, and appeared in Get Shorty, Up Close & Personal, and Blow.\nHaving appeared briefly in Repo Man and Sid and Nancy, Sandoval has also played the major roles of Treviranus and Bennie Reyes for director Alex Cox. In addition to film, Sandoval has acted in numerous television shows, often in recurring roles. Though shows such as The Court and Kingpin failed, he found a success with Medium in 2005, where he played D.A. Manuel Devalos until the series ended in 2011. Sandoval's other guest starring roles include appearances in popular series such as Frasier, ER, The X-Files, Seinfeld and Lois & Clark: The New Adventures of Superman. He was prominently featured in the first season of the ABC drama \"Murder One.\"
/m/03zrhb	The Korea Republic national football team represents South Korea in international association football and is controlled by the Korea Football Association.\nSouth Korea is one of Asia's most successful teams and has participated in eight consecutive and nine overall World Cup tournaments. South Korea became the first Asian team to reach the semi-final stages when they co-hosted the 2002 tournament with Japan and to reach Round of 16 in World Cup 2010. They also won the first two editions of the AFC Asian Cup, though they have since been unable to be victorious.\nThe team is commonly nicknamed \"The Reds\" by both fans and the media due to the color of their primary kit. This is led to the creation of an official supporting group referred to as the Red Devils in 1995.
/m/0163r3	Isaac Lee Hayes, Jr. was an American songwriter, musician, singer, actor, and voice actor. Hayes was one of the creative influences behind the southern soul music label Stax Records, where he served both as an in-house songwriter and as a record producer, teaming with his partner David Porter during the mid-1960s. Hayes, Porter, Bill Withers, the Sherman Brothers, Steve Cropper, and John Fogerty were inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 2005 in recognition of writing scores of notable songs for themselves, the duo Sam & Dave, Carla Thomas, and others.\nThe hit song \"Soul Man\", written by Hayes and Porter and first performed by Sam & Dave, has been recognized as one of the most influential songs of the past 50 years by the Grammy Hall of Fame. It was also honored by The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, by Rolling Stone magazine, and by the RIAA as one of the Songs of the Century.\nDuring the late 1960s, Hayes also began recording music and he had several successful soul albums such as Hot Buttered Soul and Black Moses. In addition to his work in popular music, he worked as a composer of musical scores for motion pictures.\nHe is well known for his musical score for the film Shaft. For the \"Theme from Shaft\", he was awarded the Academy Award for Best Original Song in 1972. He became the third African-American, after Sidney Poitier and Hattie McDaniel, to win an Academy Award in any competitive field covered by Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. He also won two Grammy Awards for that same year. Later, he was given his third Grammy for his music album Black Moses.
/m/025t8bv	CBS Records is a record label founded by CBS Corporation in 2006 to take advantage of music from its entertainment properties owned by CBS Television Studios. The initial label roster consisted of only three artists: rock band Señor Happy and singer/songwriters Will Dailey and P.J. Olsson.\nThe label relies primarily on digital distribution such as iTunes and on direct sales from its own website. However, it has signed a deal to distribute compact discs through RED Distribution, a subsidiary of Sony Music Entertainment which CBS Inc. formerly owned. CBS Records is headquartered at CBS Television City in Los Angeles.\nThe \"CBS Records\" name was also used in the 1960s to release Columbia Records products outside the US and Canada. This was necessary because EMI owned another record label called Columbia, which operated in every market except North America, Spain and Japan. CBS sold the record company in 1988 to Sony Corporation of America. In 1991, the CBS label was officially renamed Columbia Records and the company was renamed Sony Music Entertainment.
/m/059wk	Nintendo Co., Ltd. is a Japanese multinational consumer electronics company headquartered in Kyoto, Japan. Nintendo is the world's largest video game company by revenue. Founded on September 23, 1889 by Fusajiro Yamauchi, it originally produced handmade hanafuda cards. By 1963, the company had tried several small niche businesses, such as cab services and love hotels.\nAbandoning previous ventures, Nintendo developed into a video game company, becoming one of the most influential in the industry and Japan's third most valuable listed company with a market value of over US$85 billion. Nintendo of America is also the majority owner of the Seattle Mariners Major League Baseball team.\nThe name Nintendo can be roughly translated from Japanese to English as \"leave luck to heaven.\" As of December 31, 2013, Nintendo has sold over 669.36 million hardware units and 4.20 billion software units.
/m/07sgfvl	Heather Elizabeth Morris is an American actress, dancer, singer and model, known for her role as the cheerleader Brittany S. Pierce in the musical comedy series Glee.
/m/02hgz	Derry, officially Londonderry, is the second-largest city in Northern Ireland and the fourth-largest city on the island of Ireland. The name Derry is an anglicisation of the Irish name Daire or Doire meaning \"oak grove\". In 1613, the city was granted a Royal Charter by King James I and the \"London\" prefix was added, changing the name of the city to Londonderry. While the city is more usually known as Derry, Londonderry is also used and remains the legal name.\nThe old walled city lies on the west bank of the River Foyle, which is spanned by two road bridges and one footbridge. The city now covers both banks. The city district also extends to rural areas to the southeast. The population of the city proper was 83,652 in the 2001 Census, while the Derry Urban Area had a population of 90,736. The district is administered by Derry City Council and contains both Londonderry Port and City of Derry Airport.\nThe Greater Derry area, that area within about 20 miles of the city, has a population of 237,000. This comprises the districts of Derry City and parts of Limavady district, Strabane district, and East Donegal, along with Inishowen.
/m/0ln16	Salsa music is a general term referring to what is essentially Cuban and Puerto Rican popular dance music. The term \"Salsa\" was initially promoted and marketed in New York City during the 1970s. The various musical genres comprising salsa include the Cuban son montuno, guaracha, chachachá, mambo, and to a certain extent bolero. Salsa is the product of genres such as the Puerto Rican bomba and plena. In some cases, the term is also used to describe Dominican merengue, and the Colombian cumbia. Latin jazz, which was also developed in New York City, has had a significant influence on salsa arrangers, piano guajeos, and instrumental soloists.\nSalsa is primarily Cuban son, itself a fusion of Spanish canción and guitar and Afro-Cuban percussion, merged with North American music styles such as jazz. Salsa also occasionally incorporates elements of rock, R&B, and funk. All of these non-Cuban elements are grafted onto the basic Cuban son montuno template when performed within the context of salsa.\nThe first salsa bands were predominantly \"Nuyorican\". The music eventually spread throughout the Americas. Ultimately, salsa's popularity spread globally. Some of the founding salsa artists were Johnny Pacheco, Ray Barretto, Willie Colón, Larry Harlow, Roberto Roena, Bobby Valentín, Eddie Palmieri, and Héctor Lavoe.
/m/02l0sf	Ann Sothern was an American stage, radio, film and television actress whose career spanned six decades.\nSothern began her career in the late 1920s doing bit parts in films. In 1930, she made her Broadway stage debut and soon worked her way up to starring roles. In 1939, MGM cast her as Maisie Ravier, a brash yet lovable Brooklyn showgirl. The character proved to be popular and spawned a successful film series and a network radio series.\nIn 1953, Sothern moved into television as the star of her own sitcom Private Secretary. The series aired for five seasons on CBS and earned Sothern three Primetime Emmy Award nominations. In 1958, she starred in another sitcom for CBS, The Ann Sothern Show which aired for three seasons. From 1965 to 1966, Sothern provided the voice of Gladys Crabtree, the titular character in the sitcom My Mother the Car. She continued her career throughout the late 1960s with stage and film appearances and guest-starring roles on television. Due to health issues, she worked sporadically during the 1970s and 1980s.\nIn 1987, Sothern appeared in her final film The Whales of August, starring Bette Davis and Lillian Gish. Sothern earned her first and only Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress for her role in the film. After filming concluded, she retired to Ketchum, Idaho where she spent her remaining years before her death from heart failure in March 2001.
/m/011xjd	Lon Chaney, Jr., born Creighton Tull Chaney, son of famous silent film actor Lon Chaney, was an American actor best known for playing Larry Talbot in the 1941 film The Wolf Man and its various crossovers, as well as portraying other monsters such as The Mummy, Frankenstein's Monster and Count Alucard in numerous horror films produced by Universal Studios. He is also notable for portraying Lennie Small in Of Mice and Men.\nOriginally referenced in films as Creighton Chaney, he was later credited as \"Lon Chaney, Jr.\" in 1935. Chaney had English, French and Irish ancestry.
/m/0hknf	Genoa is the capital of Liguria and the sixth largest city in Italy, with a population of 604,848 within its administrative limits on a land area of 243.6 km². The urban zone of Genoa extends beyond the administrative city limits with a population of 718,896. The urban area of Genoa has a population of 800,709. Over 1.5 million people live in the metropolitan area. Genoa is one of Europe's largest cities on the Mediterranean Sea and the largest seaport in Italy.\nGenoa has been nicknamed la Superba due to its glorious past and impressive landmarks. Part of the old town of Genoa was inscribed on the World Heritage List in 2006. The city's rich art, music, gastronomy, architecture and history allowed it to become the 2004 European Capital of Culture. It is the birthplace of Christopher Columbus.\nGenoa, which forms the southern corner of the Milan-Turin-Genoa industrial triangle of north-west Italy, is one of the country’s major economic centres. The city has hosted massive shipyards and steelworks since the 19th century, and its solid financial sector dates back to the Middle Ages. The Bank of Saint George, founded in 1407, is among the oldest in the world and has played an important role in the city’s prosperity since the middle of the 15th century. Today a number of leading Italian companies are based in the city, including Fincantieri, Ansaldo Energia, Ansaldo STS, Edoardo Raffinerie Garrone and Piaggio Aero.
/m/07q1v4	Mark Ware Isham is an American trumpeter, synthesist, and film composer. He works in a variety of genres, including jazz, electronic, and film. As of 2011, he is responsible for composing the score for the TV series Once Upon a Time.
/m/01507p	David Boreanaz is an American actor, television producer, and director, known for his role as the vampire Angel on the supernatural drama series Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Angel, and as FBI Special Agent Seeley Booth on the television crime drama Bones.
/m/034hwx	Snatch is a 2000 British comedy-crime film written and directed by filmmaker Guy Ritchie, featuring an ensemble cast. Set in the London criminal underworld, the film contains two intertwined plots: one dealing with the search for a stolen diamond, the other with a small-time boxing promoter named Turkish who finds himself under the thumb of a ruthless gangster known as Brick Top.\nThe film features an assortment of colourful characters, including Irish Traveller Mickey O'Neil, arms-dealer Boris \"the Blade\" Yurinov, professional thief and gambling addict Franky \"Four-Fingers\", American gangster-jeweller \"Cousin Avi\", and bounty hunter Bullet-Tooth Tony. It is also distinguished by a kinetic direction and editing style, a circular plot featuring numerous ironic twists of chance and causality, and a fast pace.\nThe film shares themes, ideas and motifs with Ritchie's first film, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels. It is also filmed in the same visual style and features many of the same actors, including Jones, Statham, and Ford.
/m/089z0z	David Buttolph was a film composer who scored over 300 movies in his career. Born in New York City, Buttolph showed musical talent at an early age, and eventually studied music formally. After earning a music degree, Buttolph moved to Europe in 1923 and studied in Austria and Germany supporting himself as a nightclub pianist. He returned to the U.S. in 1927 and, a few years later, began working for NBC radio network as an arranger and conductor. In 1933, Buttolph moved to Los Angeles and began working in films. Buttolph's best work, according to many, was his work as an arranger on Alfred Newman-directed The Mark of Zorro.\nIn the mid-1950s, Buttolph started to write scores television, the most memorable being the theme for the TV western Maverick with the same music appearing in his score of The Lone Ranger. He continued write music for television, many times westerns until his retirement in 1963.
/m/06fc0b	Adrian Grenier is an American actor, musician and director. He is best known for his lead role on the HBO original series, Entourage, as Vincent Chase.
/m/02pzy52	The Indiana Hoosiers men's basketball team is the intercollegiate men's basketball program representing Indiana University. The school competes in the Big Ten Conference in Division I of the NCAA. The Hoosiers play on Branch McCracken Court at the Assembly Hall in Bloomington, Indiana on the IU campus. Indiana has won five NCAA Championships in men's basketball — the first two under coach Branch McCracken and the latter three under Bob Knight. The Hoosiers' five NCAA Championships are tied for third in history with North Carolina, trailing only UCLA, and Kentucky. Indiana's 1976 squad remains the last undefeated NCAA men's basketball champion, and considered by many to be the best college basketball team ever.\nThe Hoosiers are also sixth in NCAA Tournament appearances, seventh in NCAA Tournament victories, eighth in Final Four appearances, and 11th in overall victories. The Hoosiers have won 21 Big Ten Conference Championships and have the best winning percentage in conference games at nearly 60 percent. No team has had more All-Big Ten selections than the Hoosiers with 53. The Hoosiers also rank seventh in all-time AP poll appearances and sixth in the number of weeks spent ranked No. 1. Every four-year men's basketball letterman since 1973 has earned a trip to the NCAA basketball tournament. Additionally, every four-year player since 1950 has played on a nationally ranked squad at Indiana.
/m/06c7mk	Vejle Boldklub, founded in 1891, is a Danish football club from the town of Vejle. The club has won the Danish championship five times and the Danish cup title six times.\nThe club's homeground is Vejle Stadion in Nørreskoven since 1922. The club has played in red shirts and white pants since 1911.\nThe main rivals of Vejle Boldklub are AGF from Aarhus and AC Horsens from Horsens.\nIn July 2011, Vejle Boldklub merged with Kolding FC and became Vejle Boldklub Kolding. The merger however was short lived and in June 2013 it was split into Vejle Boldklub and Kolding IF.
/m/01c8w0	Conducting is the art of directing a musical performance by way of visible gestures. The primary duties of the conductor are to unify performers, set the tempo, execute clear preparations and beats, and to listen critically and shape the sound of the ensemble.\nConductors act as guides to the orchestras and/or choirs they conduct. They choose the works to be performed and study their scores to which they may make certain adjustments, work out their interpretation, and relay their ideas to the performers. They may also attend to such organizational matters such as scheduling rehearsals.\nOrchestras, choirs, concert bands and other sizable musical ensembles often have conductors.
/m/01kkx2	Carroll O'Connor was an American actor, producer and director whose television career spanned four decades. A life-member of The Actors Studio, O'Connor first attracted attention as Major General Colt in the 1970 movie Kelly's Heroes. The following year he found fame as the bigoted working man Archie Bunker, the main character in the 1970s CBS television sitcoms All in the Family and Archie Bunker's Place. O'Connor later starred in the NBC/CBS television crime drama In the Heat of the Night from 1988 to 1995, where he played the role of southern Police Chief William Gillespie. At the end of his career in the late 1990s, he played the father of Jamie Buchman on Mad About You.\nIn 1996, O'Connor was ranked #38 on TV Guide's 50 Greatest TV Stars of All Time.
/m/09gkdln	The 14th Satellite Awards, honoring the year's outstanding performers, films, television shows, DVDs, and interactive media, were presented by the International Press Academy at the InterContinental Hotel in Los Angeles on Sunday, December 20, 2009. Nominations were announced on November 30.
/m/02mdty	GT Interactive Software Corporation was an American video game publisher and distributor, which later developed both video games and PC games.\nGT Interactive ceased to exist in December 1999 when Infogrames Entertainment SA took a controlling stake and renamed the company Infogrames, Inc. In 2003, Infogrames Inc. changed its name to Atari Inc.
/m/0c4kv	Portland is the largest city in Maine and is the county seat of Cumberland County. In 2012, the city proper had a population of 66,214, growing 3 percent since the census of 2000, while the urban area had a population of 203,914. The Greater Portland metropolitan area is home to over half a million people, more than one-third of Maine's total population.\nTourists visit Portland's historic Old Port district along Portland Harbor, at the mouth of the Fore River and part of Casco Bay, and the Arts District, which runs along Congress Street in the center of the city. Portland Head Light is located in nearby Cape Elizabeth and marks the entrance to Portland Harbor.\nThe city seal depicts a phoenix rising from ashes, which aligns with the city's motto, Resurgam, Latin for \"I will rise again.\" The motto refers to Portland's recoveries from four devastating fires. The city of Portland, Oregon, was named for Portland, Maine.\nPortland Public Schools is the largest school system in Maine, serving more than 7,000 students. With about 230 restaurants, Portland is believed to have the most restaurants per capita of any city in the United States.
/m/0kh6b	Sir David Frederick Attenborough OM CH CVO CBE FRS FZS FSA is an English broadcaster and naturalist.\nHis career as the face and voice of natural history programmes has endured for 60 years. He is best known for writing and presenting the nine Life series, in conjunction with the BBC Natural History Unit, which collectively form a comprehensive survey of all life on the planet. He is also a former senior manager at the BBC, having served as controller of BBC Two and director of programming for BBC Television in the 1960s and 1970s. He is the only person to have won BAFTAs for programmes in each of black and white, colour, HD and 3D.\nAttenborough is widely considered a national treasure in Britain, although he himself does not like the term. In 2002 he was named among the 100 Greatest Britons following a UK-wide vote. He is a younger brother of the director, producer and actor Richard Attenborough.
/m/04gr35	Daniel Lawrence \"Larry\" Whitney best known by his stage name and character Larry the Cable Guy, is an American stand-up comedian, actor, voice actor, and former radio personality.\nHe was one of the members of the Blue Collar Comedy Tour, a comedy troupe which included Bill Engvall, Ron White, and Jeff Foxworthy.\nWhitney has released seven comedy albums, of which three have been certified gold by the RIAA for shipments of 500,000 copies. In addition, he has starred in three Blue Collar Comedy Tour-related movies, as well as in the films Larry the Cable Guy: Health Inspector, Delta Farce, and Witless Protection, as well as voicing Mater in the Cars franchise. Whitney's catchphrase: \"Git-R-Done!\" is also the title of his book.\nOn January 26, 2010, the TV channel History announced that it was ordering a series starring Whitney called Only in America with Larry the Cable Guy, in which he would explore the country and immerse himself in different lifestyles, jobs and hobbies. The first episode of the series aired on February 8, 2011.
/m/01dbns	The University of Adelaide is a public university in Adelaide, South Australia. Established in 1874, it is the third oldest university in Australia. It is associated with five Nobel laureates, 104 Rhodes scholars and is a member of the Group of Eight, as well as the sandstone universities.\nIts main campus is on North Terrace in the Adelaide city centre, adjacent to the Art Gallery of South Australia, the South Australian Museum and the State Library of South Australia. The university has five campuses throughout the state: North Terrace; Roseworthy College at Roseworthy; The Waite Institute at Urrbrae; Thebarton; and the National Wine Centre in the Adelaide Park Lands. It has a sixth campus, the Ngee Ann – Adelaide Education Centre, in Singapore.\nThe 20th Vice-Chancellor of the University is Professor Warren Bebbington. Formerly Deputy Vice-Chancellor at the University of Melbourne, he commenced in July 2012.
/m/03h40_7	Johnathan Glickman is a film producer.
/m/0169dl	Matthew Paige \"Matt\" Damon is an American actor, voice actor, screenwriter, producer, and philanthropist whose career was launched following the success of the drama film Good Will Hunting from a screenplay he co-wrote with friend and actor Ben Affleck. The pair won the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay and the Golden Globe Award for Best Screenplay for their work. For his performance in the film, Damon received nominations for the Academy Award, Golden Globe Award, Satellite Award, and the Screen Actors Guild Award for Best Actor.\nDamon has since starred in commercially successful films such as Saving Private Ryan, the Ocean's trilogy, and the first three films in the Bourne series, while also gaining critical acclaim for his performances in dramas such as Syriana, The Good Shepherd, and The Departed. He garnered a Golden Globe nomination for portraying the title character in The Talented Mr. Ripley and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role as Francois Pienaar in Invictus. He is one of the top-40 highest-grossing actors of all time. In 2007, Damon received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame and was named Sexiest Man Alive by People magazine. Damon has been actively involved in charitable work, including the ONE Campaign, H2O Africa Foundation, and Water.org.
/m/042ly5	James Paul Marsden is an American actor, singer and former Versace model. Marsden began his acting career guest-starring in multiple television shows such as Saved by the Bell, Touched by an Angel and Party of Five. He would then gain prominence with his portrayal of Scott Summers/Cyclops in the first three films of the X-Men film series and starred in 2006's Superman Returns which earned him a Saturn Award nomination.\nFollowing his breakthrough in comic book films, Marsden went on to star in various genre films including 2007's Hairspray which was a critical and commercial success and won many awards for its ensemble cast. As Corny Collins, he sang two songs for the film's soundtrack which has been certified Platinum by the RIAA. He would continue his success and star in family friendly films such as Enchanted, Cats & Dogs: The Revenge of Kitty Galore and Hop.\nMarsden later starred in a range of independent films such as Small Apartments, Bachelorette, and Robot & Frank. He also returned to television guest-starring in Modern Family and playing Liz Lemon's love interest, Criss Chros in 30 Rock in a supporting role. Marsden then portrayed President John F. Kennedy in Lee Daniels' The Butler, and had a supporting role as an antagonist in Anchorman 2: The Legend Continues.
/m/03xf_m	Ray is a 2004 biographical film focusing on 30 years of the life of rhythm and blues musician Ray Charles. The independently produced film was directed by Taylor Hackford and starred Jamie Foxx in the title role; Foxx received an Academy Award for Best Actor for his performance.\nCharles was set to attend an opening of the completed film, but he died of liver disease in June, several months before its premiere.
/m/06qgjh	James Hong is an American actor, voice actor and director and former president of the Association of Asian/Pacific American Artists. A prolific acting veteran, Hong's career spans more than 50 years and includes more than 350 roles in film, television, and video games.
/m/02cbs0	Christopher Eccleston is an English actor, who is known for his extensive television work, most notably portraying the Ninth Doctor in Doctor Who. He has also appeared on stage and in films such as Let Him Have It, Shallow Grave, Jude, Elizabeth, Gone in 60 Seconds, The Others, 28 Days Later, The Seeker, G.I. Joe: The Rise of Cobra, and Thor: The Dark World.
/m/03_zv5	Southern soul is a type of soul music that emerged from the Southern United States. The music originated from a combination of styles, including blues, country, early rock and roll, and a strong gospel influence that emanated from the sounds of Southern African-American churches. The focus of the music was not on its lyrics, but on the \"feel\" or the groove. This rhythmic force made it a strong influence in the rise of funk music.
/m/01qz69r	Kazuhiko Inoue is a Japanese voice actor.
/m/0pzpz	Chattanooga is the fourth-largest city in the U.S. state of Tennessee, with a population of 167,674 as of the 2010 census, and an estimated population of 171,279 in 2012. It is the seat of Hamilton County. Located in southeastern Tennessee in East Tennessee, on Chickamauga Lake and Nickajack Lake, which are both part of the Tennessee River, Chattanooga lies approximately 120 miles to the northwest of Atlanta, Georgia, 120 miles to the southwest of Knoxville, Tennessee, about 135 miles to the southeast of Nashville, Tennessee, about 120 miles to the northeast of Huntsville, Alabama, and about 148 miles to the northeast of Birmingham, Alabama. Chattanooga abuts the Georgia border and is where three major interstate highways meet: I-24, I-75, and I-59.\nThe city, which has a downtown elevation of approximately 680 feet, lies at the transition between the ridge-and-valley portion of the Appalachian Mountains and the Cumberland Plateau. The city is therefore surrounded by various mountains and ridges. The official nickname for Chattanooga is the Scenic City, being reinforced by the city's growing national reputation as a haven for numerous outdoor activities. Several unofficial nicknames include River City, Chatt, Nooga, Chattown, and Gig City, demonstrating Chattanooga's claims that it has the fastest internet service in the Western Hemisphere.
/m/02tj96	The Grammy Award for Best R&B Instrumental Performance was awarded from 1970 to 1990 and in 1993. The award had several minor name changes:\nFrom 1970 to 1985 the award was known as Best R&B Instrumental Performance\nFrom 1986 to 1989 it was awarded as Best R&B Instrumental Performance\nIn 1990 and 1993 it was awarded as Best R&B Instrumental Performance\nYears reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were presented, for works released in the previous year.
/m/07751	The Sundance Film Festival, a program of the Sundance Institute, is an American film festival that takes place annually in Utah. With 46,731 attendees in 2012, it is one of the largest independent film festivals in the United States. Held in January in Park City, Salt Lake City, and Ogden, as well as at the Sundance Resort, the festival is a showcase for new work from American and international independent filmmakers. The festival comprises competitive sections for American and international dramatic and documentary films, both feature-length films and short films, and a group of out-of-competition sections, including NEXT, New Frontier, Spotlight, and Park City At Midnight. The 2014 Sundance Film Festival starts on January 16.
/m/02d_zc	Colorado State University is a public research university located in Fort Collins, in the U.S. state of Colorado. The university is the state's land grant university, and the flagship university of the Colorado State University System.\nThe current enrollment is approximately 30,700 students, including resident and non-resident instruction students. The university has approximately 1,540 faculty in eight colleges and 55 academic departments. Bachelor's degrees are offered in 65 fields of study, with Master's degrees in 55 fields. Colorado State confers doctoral degrees in 40 fields of study, in addition to a professional degree in veterinary medicine.\nIn 2012, CSU's research expenditures were $340 million - ranking second in the nation for public universities without a medical school.
/m/076tq0z	It's Complicated is a 2009 American romantic comedy film written and directed by Nancy Meyers. It stars Meryl Streep as a successful bakery owner and single mother of three who starts a secret affair with her ex-husband, played by Alec Baldwin, ten years after their divorce – only to find herself drawn to another man: her architect Adam. An ensemble film, the R-rated adult comedy also features supporting performances by Lake Bell, Hunter Parrish, Zoe Kazan, John Krasinski, Mary Kay Place, and Rita Wilson, among others.\nThe film was met with mixed to average reviews by critics, who declared it rather predictable despite fine work by an appealing cast, but became another commercial hit for Meyers upon its Christmas Day 2009 opening release in the United States and Canada. It played well through the holidays and in to January 2010, ultimately closing on April 1 with $112.7 million. Worldwide, It's Complicated eventually grossed $219.1 million, and surpassed The Holiday to become Meyer's third highest-grossing project to date.\nFor their performances, the cast was awarded a National Board of Review of Motion Pictures Award for Best Ensemble Cast the same year. In addition, the film was nominated at both the Critics' Choice Awards and the Satellite Awards and garnered Meyers two Golden Globe nominations, including Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy and Best Screenplay. Streep and Baldwin each were individually recognized with Best Actress and Best Supporting Actor nominations at the Golden Globe and BAFTA award ceremonies, respectively.
/m/015dxd	Knuckles the Echidna is a video game character who appears in the Sonic the Hedgehog series released by Sega. He is one of the most significant characters in the series, first as a rival, and later a friend of the main character. He appears in spin-off games, comics, and a OVA movie.\nHis debut appearance was in Sonic the Hedgehog 3, released in 1994, where he was presented as an antagonist who was tricked by Doctor Eggman. But since then has become a main character and friend of Sonic the Hedgehog. Knuckles is a 16-year-old red anthropomorphic echidna, who is both physically powerful and highly resilient. In most Sonic games, his skills include climbing on ledges or walls and gliding in the air.
/m/017znw	Hibernian Football Club is a Scottish professional football club based in Leith in the north of Edinburgh. It is one of two Scottish Premiership clubs in the city, the other being their Edinburgh derby rivals Hearts. Hibernian was founded in 1875 by Irish immigrants, but support for the club is now based on geography rather than ethnicity or religion. The Irish heritage of Hibernian is still reflected, however, in its name, colours and badge.\nThe name of the club is usually shortened to Hibs. The team are also called The Hibees and The Cabbage, a shortening of the rhyming slang for Hibs of \"Cabbage and Ribs\", by fans of the club, who are themselves also known as Hibbies. Home matches are played at the Easter Road stadium, in use since 1893, when the club joined the Scottish Football League. Hibernian have played in the top division of the Scottish football league system since 1999.\nHibernian have won the Scottish league championship four times, most recently in 1952. Three of those four championships were won between 1948 and 1952, when the club had the services of The Famous Five, a notable forward line. The club have won the Scottish Cup twice, in 1887 and 1902; but have lost ten Scottish Cup Finals since, most recently in 2013. The last major trophy won by the club was the 2007 Scottish League Cup, when Kilmarnock were beaten 5–1 in the final. It was the third time Hibs had won the League Cup, also winning in 1972 and 1991.
/m/01r2l	Chinese is a group of related language varieties, several of which are not mutually intelligible, and is variously described as a language or language family. Originally the indigenous speech of the Han majority in China, Chinese forms one of the branches of the Sino-Tibetan language family and is now spoken by many Chinese ethnic groups. About one-fifth of the world's population, or over one billion people, speaks some form of Chinese as their first language.\nVarieties of Chinese are usually perceived by native speakers as dialects of a single Chinese language, rather than separate languages, although this identification is considered inappropriate by some linguists and sinologists. The internal diversity of Chinese has been likened to that of the Romance languages, although all varieties of Chinese are tonal and analytic. There are between 7 and 13 main regional groups of Chinese, of which the most spoken, by far, is Mandarin, followed by Wu, Yue and Min. Most of these groups are mutually unintelligible, although some, like Xiang and the Southwest Mandarin dialects, may share common terms and some degree of intelligibility.
/m/01v80y	Barry Levinson is an American screenwriter, Academy Award winning film director, actor, and producer of film and television. His most notable films include Diner, The Natural, Good Morning Vietnam, Rain Man, and Bugsy.
/m/05w5d	Pentecostalism or Classical Pentecostalism is a renewal movement within Christianity that places special emphasis on a direct personal experience of God through the baptism with the Holy Spirit. The term Pentecostal is derived from Pentecost, the Greek name for the Jewish Feast of Weeks. For Christians, this event commemorates the descent of the Holy Spirit upon the followers of Jesus Christ, as described in the second chapter of the Book of Acts.\nLike other forms of evangelical Protestantism, Pentecostalism adheres to the inerrancy of scripture and the necessity of accepting Christ as personal Lord and Savior. It is distinguished by belief in the baptism with the Holy Spirit as an experience separate from conversion that enables a Christian to live a Holy Spirit–filled and empowered life. This empowerment includes the use of spiritual gifts such as speaking in tongues and divine healing—two other defining characteristics of Pentecostalism. Because of their commitment to biblical authority, spiritual gifts, and the miraculous, Pentecostals tend to see their movement as reflecting the same kind of spiritual power and teachings that were found in the Apostolic Age of the early church. For this reason, some Pentecostals also use the term Apostolic or full gospel to describe their movement.
/m/015076	River Jude Phoenix was an American actor, musician and activist. He was the older brother of Rain Phoenix, Joaquin Phoenix, Summer Phoenix and Liberty Phoenix. Phoenix's work encompassed 24 films and television appearances, including the science fiction adventure film Explorers, the coming-of-age film Stand by Me, the action sequel Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade and the independent adult drama My Own Private Idaho. Phoenix's meteoric rise to fame led to his status as a \"teen sensation\".\nPhoenix began acting at age 10 in television commercials. He appeared in diverse roles, making his first notable appearance in the 1986 film Stand by Me, a hugely popular coming-of-age film based on a novella by Stephen King. Phoenix made a transition into more adult-oriented roles with Running on Empty, playing the son of fugitive parents in a well-received performance that earned him a nomination for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor, and My Own Private Idaho, playing a gay hustler in search of his estranged mother. For his performance in the latter, Phoenix garnered enormous praise and won a Volpi Cup for Best Actor at the Venice Film Festival, along with Best Actor from the National Society of Film Critics.
/m/042v_gx	An acoustic guitar is a guitar that uses only acoustic means to transmit the strings' vibrational energy to the air in order to produce a sound. This typically involves the use of a sound board and a sound box to amplify the vibrations of the string.\nThe source of sound in an acoustic guitar is the string, which is plucked with the fingers or with a plectrum. The string vibrates at a fundamental frequency but also creates many harmonics at different frequencies. The frequencies produced depend on string length, mass, and tension. The string causes the soundboard and sound box to vibrate, and as these have their own resonances at certain frequencies, they amplify some string harmonics more strongly than others, hence affecting the timbre produced by the instrument.
/m/01n86	The Columbia River is the largest river in the Pacific Northwest region of North America. The river rises in the Rocky Mountains of British Columbia, Canada. It flows northwest and then south into the US state of Washington, then turns west to form most of the border between Washington and the state of Oregon before emptying into the Pacific Ocean. The river is 1,243 miles long, and its largest tributary is the Snake River. Its drainage basin is roughly the size of France and extends into seven U.S. states and a Canadian province.\nBy volume, the Columbia is the fourth-largest river in the United States; it has the greatest flow of any North American river draining into the Pacific. The river's heavy flow and its relatively steep gradient gives it tremendous potential for the generation of electricity. The 14 hydroelectric dams on the Columbia's main stem and many more on its tributaries produce more hydroelectric power than those of any other North American river.\nThe Columbia and its tributaries have been central to the region's culture and economy for thousands of years. They have been used for transportation since ancient times, linking the many cultural groups of the region. The river system hosts many species of anadromous fish, which migrate between freshwater habitats and the saline Pacific Ocean. These fish—especially the salmon species—provided the core subsistence for natives; in past centuries, traders from across western North America traveled to the Columbia to trade for fish.
/m/01zwy	Carl Edward Sagan was an American astronomer, astrophysicist, cosmologist, author, science popularizer and science communicator in astronomy and natural sciences. His contributions were central to the discovery of the high surface temperatures of Venus, he also was aware of global warming as a growing, man-made danger. However, he is best known for his contributions to the scientific research of extraterrestrial life, including experimental demonstration of the production of amino acids from basic chemicals by radiation. Sagan assembled the first physical messages that were sent into space: the Pioneer plaque and the Voyager Golden Record, universal messages that could potentially be understood by any extraterrestrial intelligence that might find them.\nHe published more than 600 scientific papers and articles and was author, co-author or editor of more than 20 books. Sagan is known for many of his popular science books, such as The Dragons of Eden, Broca's Brain and Pale Blue Dot, and for the award-winning 1980 television series Cosmos: A Personal Voyage, which he narrated and co-wrote. The most widely watched series in the history of American public television, Cosmos has been seen by at least 400 million people across 60 different countries. The book Cosmos was published to accompany the series. He also wrote the science fiction novel Contact, the basis for a 1997 film of the same name.
/m/01l2fn	Keira Christina Knightley is an English actress and model. Knightley began acting as a child on television and made her film debut in 1995. She had a supporting role as Sabé in Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace and her first significant role came in The Hole. She gained widespread recognition in 2002 after co-starring in the film Bend It Like Beckham and achieved international fame in 2003 as a result of appearing as Elizabeth Swann in the Pirates of the Caribbean film series.\nSince the Pirates of the Caribbean films, Knightley has become best known for starring in period drama films, such as Pride & Prejudice, Atonement, Silk, The Duchess, A Dangerous Method, and Anna Karenina. Knightley has also appeared in a variety of genres of Hollywood films, including the romantic comedy Love Actually, the historical action King Arthur, the psychological thriller The Jacket, biographical action Domino, the historical drama The Edge of Love, the film noir London Boulevard, the dystopian science fiction Never Let Me Go, the romantic drama Last Night, and the dark comedy Seeking a Friend for the End of the World.
/m/09td7p	The following is a list of nominees and winners of the Screen Actors Guild Award Award for Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Supporting Role. The award was first given in 1994 and there are currently five nominees each year. There has been one tie in this category.\nNote:\n\"†\" indicates the performance won the Academy Award.\n\"‡\" indicates the performance was nominated for the Academy Award.
/m/098n_m	William Todd Field, known professionally as Todd Field, is an American actor and three-time Academy Award nominated filmmaker known for writing, producing and directing In the Bedroom and Little Children.
/m/018c_r	Starbucks Corporation is an American global coffee company and coffeehouse chain based in Seattle, Washington. Starbucks is the largest coffeehouse company in the world, with 20,891 stores in 62 countries, including 13,279 in the United States, 1,324 in Canada, 989 in Japan, 851 in China, and 806 in the United Kingdom. In addition, Starbucks is an active member of the World Cocoa Foundation.\nStarbucks locations serve hot and cold beverages, whole-bean coffee, microground instant coffee, full-leaf teas, pastries, and snacks. Most stores also sell pre-packaged food items, hot and cold sandwiches, and items such as mugs and tumblers. Starbucks Evenings locations also offer a variety of beers, wines, and appetizers after 4pm. Through the Starbucks Entertainment division and Hear Music brand, the company also markets books, music, and film. Many of the company's products are seasonal or specific to the locality of the store. Starbucks-brand ice cream and coffee are also offered at grocery stores.\nFrom Starbucks' founding in 1971 as a Seattle coffee bean roaster and retailer, the company has expanded rapidly. Since 1987, Starbucks has opened on average two new stores every day. Starbucks had been profitable as a local company in Seattle in the early 1980s but lost money on its late 1980s expansion into the Midwest and British Columbia. Its fortunes did not reverse until the fiscal year of 1989-1990, when it registered a small profit of $812,000. By the time it expanded into California in 1991 it had become trendy. The first store outside the United States or Canada opened in Tokyo in 1996, and overseas stores now constitute almost one third of Starbucks' stores. The company planned to open a net of 900 new stores outside of the United States in 2009, but has announced 300 store closures in the United States since 2008.
/m/0cchk3	The University of Southern Mississippi, known informally as Southern Miss, is a public research university located in Hattiesburg, Mississippi. It is situated 70 miles north of Gulfport, Mississippi and 105 miles northeast of New Orleans, Louisiana. Southern Miss is accredited by the Commission on Colleges of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools to award baccalaureate, master's, specialist, and doctoral degrees. The university is classified by the Carnegie Foundation as a \"Research University\" with \"High Research Activity\".\nFounded on March 30, 1910, the university is a dual campus institution, with the main campus located in Hattiesburg and the Gulf Park campus located in Long Beach, with five additional teaching and research sites.\nThe university has a particularly extensive study-abroad program through its Center for International Education, and is consistently ranked as one of the top universities in the nation for the number of students studying abroad each year. It is especially noted for its British Studies program, which regularly sends more than 200 students each summer to live and study in the heart of London. The university is also home to a major polymer science research center, and one of the strongest fine arts programs in the southeastern United States.
/m/0gy0n	The Ring is a 2002 American psychological horror film directed by Gore Verbinski, starring Naomi Watts, Daveigh Chase, and Martin Henderson. It is a remake of the 1998 Japanese horror film Ringu, which itself was based on the novel Ringu by Kôji Suzuki, and focuses on a mysterious cursed videotape that contains a seemingly random series of disturbing images. After watching the tape, the viewer receives a phone call in which a girl's voice announces that the viewer will die in seven days. The film was a critical and commercial success.
/m/016ybr	Power pop is a popular musical genre that draws its inspiration from 1960s British and American pop and rock music. It typically incorporates a combination of musical devices such as strong melodies, clear vocals and crisp vocal harmonies, economical arrangements and prominent guitar riffs. Instrumental solos are usually kept to a minimum, and blues elements are largely downplayed.\nRecordings tend to display production values that lean toward compression and a forceful drum beat. Instruments usually include one or more electric guitars, an electric bass guitar, a drum kit and sometimes electric keyboards or synthesizers.\nWhile its cultural impact has waxed and waned over the decades, power pop is among rock's most enduring subgenres.
/m/01pq4w	Vanderbilt University, colloquially known as Vandy, is a private research university located in Nashville, Tennessee, United States. Founded in 1873, the university is named in honor of shipping and rail magnate \"Commodore\" Cornelius Vanderbilt, who provided the school its initial $1 million endowment despite having never been to the South. The Commodore hoped that his gift and the greater work of the university would help to heal the sectional wounds inflicted by the Civil War.\nToday Vanderbilt enrolls approximately 12,000 students from all 50 U.S. states and over 90 foreign countries in four undergraduate and six graduate and professional schools. Several research centers and institutes are affiliated with the university, including the Vanderbilt Institute for Public Policy Studies, Freedom Forum First Amendment Center, Dyer Observatory, and Vanderbilt University Medical Center, the only Level I trauma center in Middle Tennessee. With the exception of the off-campus observatory and satellite medical clinics, all of university's facilities are situated on its 330-acre campus in the heart of Nashville, only 1.5 miles from downtown. Despite its urban surroundings, the campus itself is a national arboretum and features over 300 different species of trees and shrubs.
/m/09ftwr	Robert Rafelson — known as Bob Rafelson — is an American film director, writer and producer. He was an early member of the New Hollywood movement in the 1970s and is most famous for directing and co-writing the film Five Easy Pieces, starring Jack Nicholson, as well as being one of the creators of the pop group and TV series, The Monkees with Raybert/BBS Productions partner Bert Schneider. His first wife was the Production Designer Toby Carr Rafelson. His son is songwriter Peter Rafelson, who co-wrote the hit song Open Your Heart for Madonna.
/m/0343h	George Walton Lucas is an American film director, screenwriter, producer, and entrepreneur. He founded Lucasfilm and led the company as chairman and chief executive before selling it to The Walt Disney Company on October 30, 2012. He is best known as the creator of the space opera franchise Star Wars and the archaeologist adventurer character Indiana Jones. Lucas is one of the American film industry's most financially successful filmmakers.
/m/0c6vcj	The 32nd Academy Awards honored film achievements of 1959 on 4 April 1960.\nMGM's and director William Wyler's three and a half-hour long epic drama Ben-Hur won 11 Oscars in 1959, breaking the previous year's all-time record of nine. With its record-breaking eleven Oscar wins out of twelve nominations, it was the most honored motion picture in Academy Award history until Titanic and The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King both equaled the feat in 1997 and 2003, respectively.\nBen-Hur was a re-make of MGM's own 1926 silent film of the same name, and it was the most expensive film of its time, budgeted at $15 million. Both films were based on or inspired by General Lew Wallace's novel about the rise of Christianity.\nBen-Hur was also the third film to win both Best Actor and Best Supporting Actor, a feat not repeated until Mystic River in 2004. Wyler became the third and, to date, last person to win more than two Best Director awards.
/m/0353tm	Freddy vs. Jason is a 2003 American slasher film directed by Ronny Yu. The film is a crossover between the Friday the 13th and A Nightmare on Elm Street franchises. It is the eleventh and eighth entries in their respective series, pitting Freddy Krueger and Jason Voorhees against each other. The film is also the last film in both the Friday the 13th and Nightmare franchises before they were both rebooted.\nIn the film, Freddy has grown incapable of haunting people's dreams as the citizens of Springwood, Ohio have mostly forgotten about Freddy with the passage of time, as well as the fact that the current generation of teenagers are kept ignorant of his existence. In order to regain his power, Freddy manipulates Jason, into resurrecting himself and traveling to Springwood to cause panic and fear, leading to rumors that Freddy has returned. However, while Jason succeeds in causing enough fear for Freddy to haunt the town again, Jason angers Freddy by depriving Krueger of his potential victims. This ultimately sends the two undying monsters into a violent conflict.\nThis film marked Robert Englund's final appearance to date as Freddy Krueger, having portrayed him in all seven previous Nightmare films and the 1980s TV series, as well as the first movie since Friday the 13th Part VI: Jason Lives not to feature Kane Hodder as Jason Voorhees. This is also Ken Kirzinger's second appearance as Jason; having doubled for Hodder in the film Friday the 13th Part VIII: Jason Takes Manhattan. The film served as Grammy-winning R&B singer Kelly Rowland's debut as an actress.
/m/01qy6m	Sympathy for the Record Industry is a mainly independent garage rock and punk label formed in 1988 by record industry anti-mogul Long Gone John. The first Sympathy release was the Lazy Cowgirls' album \"Radio Cowgirl\" LP, which Long Gone John said he released as a \"favor to the band.\" Sympathy has a catalog of more than 750 releases, and is based out of Olympia, Washington. The label's name references The Rolling Stones' song \"Sympathy for the Devil\".\nNotable artists who started on Sympathy and went on to gain mainstream success include The White Stripes, Hole, and The Electrocutes.\nLong Gone John is the owner, CEO, and seemingly the only employee of Sympathy. He is an avid record collector, with more than 10,000 records in his collection. He also owns Necessaries Toy Foundation, a company that creates 18-24 inch figures. Long Gone John also operates Sympathetic Press, a book publishing company that prints books with rock 'n' roll themes.\nOther Sympathy acts worthy of notice have been Jack Off Jill, Scarling., Miss Derringer, The Muffs, The Noise Conspiracy, The Von Bondies, Hole, Rocket from the Crypt, Billy Childish, Turbonegro, April March, The Splatterheads, The Dwarves, Suicide, The Gun Club, Inger Lorre and Motel Shootout, Man or Astro-man?, The Red Planet Rocketts, The White Stripes, Kim Salmon, Bored!, The Waldos, The Mystreated, and Redd Kross.
/m/01nv4h	The pound sterling, commonly known simply as the pound, is the official currency of the United Kingdom, Jersey, Guernsey, the Isle of Man, South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands, the British Antarctic Territory and Tristan da Cunha. It is subdivided into 100 pence. A number of nations that do not use sterling also have currencies called the pound.\nThe British Crown dependencies of Guernsey and Jersey produce their own local issues of sterling: 'Guernsey pound' and 'Jersey pound'. The pound sterling is also used in the Isle of Man, Gibraltar, the Falkland Islands, and Saint Helena and Ascension Island in Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha. Manx, Gibraltar, Falkland Islands and Saint Helena pounds are separate currencies, pegged at parity to the pound sterling. Within the UK, some banks operating in Scotland and Northern Ireland produce private sterling denominated banknotes.\nSterling is the fourth most traded currency in the foreign exchange market, after the United States dollar, the euro, and the Japanese yen. Together with those three currencies it forms the basket of currencies which calculate the value of IMF special drawing rights, with an 11.3% weighting as of 2011. Sterling is also the third most held reserve currency in global reserves.
/m/02tz9z	Saint Louis University is a private research university with campuses in St. Louis, Missouri and Madrid, Spain and courses available globally online through the School for Professional Studies. Founded in 1818 by the Most Reverend Louis Guillaume Valentin Dubourg, SLU is the oldest university west of the Mississippi River and the second-oldest Jesuit university in the nation. It is one of 28 member institutions of the Association of Jesuit Colleges and Universities. The university is accredited by the North Central Association of Colleges and Secondary Schools. SLU's athletic teams compete in NCAA's Division I and the Atlantic 10 Conference. It has a current enrollment of 13,505 students, including 8,687 undergraduate students and 4,818 graduate students, representing all 50 states and more than 70 foreign countries. Its average class size is 23.8 and the student-faculty ratio is 12:1.\nFor over 30 years the university has maintained a campus in Madrid, Spain. The Madrid campus was the first freestanding campus operated by an American university in Europe and the first American institution to be recognized by Spain's higher education authority as an official foreign university. The campus has 675 students, a faculty of 110, an average class size of 15 and a student-faculty ratio of 7:1.
/m/03fmw_	Football Club Banants is an Armenian professional football team, playing in the capital, Yerevan. The club plays in the Armenian First League and has won the Armenian Cup twice, in 1992 and 2007.
/m/02p4l6s	African popular music, like African traditional music, is vast and varied. Most contemporary genres of African popular music build on cross-pollination with western popular music. Many genres of popular music like blues, jazz, salsa, zouk, and rumba derive to varying degrees on musical traditions from Africa, taken to the Americas by African slaves. These rhythms and sounds have subsequently been adapted by newer genres like rock, and rhythm and blues. Likewise, African popular music has adopted elements, particularly the musical instruments and recording studio techniques of western music.
/m/06j6l	Rhythm and blues, often abbreviated to R&B and RnB, is a genre of popular African-American music that originated in the 1940s. The term was originally used by record companies to describe recordings marketed predominantly to urban African Americans, at a time when \"urbane, rocking, jazz based music with a heavy, insistent beat\" was becoming more popular.\nThe term has subsequently had a number of shifts in meaning. In the early 1950s, the term rhythm and blues was frequently applied to blues records. Starting in the mid-1950s, after this style of music contributed to the development of rock and roll, the term \"R&B\" became used to refer to music styles that developed from and incorporated electric blues, as well as gospel and soul music. By the 1970s, rhythm and blues was used as a blanket term for soul and funk. In the 1980s, a newer style of R&B developed, becoming known as \"Contemporary R&B\".
/m/010z5n	Parkersburg, located at the confluence of the Ohio and Little Kanawha Rivers, is the third largest city in the State of West Virginia. It is the county seat of Wood County and the largest city in the Parkersburg–Marietta–Vienna Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 31,492 at the 2010 census. It is about 14 miles south of Marietta, Ohio.\nParkersburg was connected to the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad in 1857, but lacked a crossing over the Ohio River until after the American Civil War. When constructed 1868-1870, the Parkersburg Bridge by the B&O to Belpre was the longest railroad bridge in the world.\nThe Bureau of the Public Debt, an agency of the U.S. Treasury Department, was relocated from the Washington, DC metropolitan area and was headquartered in Parkersburg until it was merged with the Financial Management Service to form the Bureau of the Fiscal Service in October, 2012.
/m/013mtx	Longview is a city in Gregg and Harrison Counties in the U.S. state of Texas. As of the 2010 Census, the population was 80,455. Most of the city is located in Gregg County, of which it is the county seat; only a small part extends into the western part of neighboring Harrison County. It is situated in East Texas, on the grid of Interstate 20 and U.S. Highways 80 and 259, just north of the Sabine River. Longview is a commercial hub for the Longview Metropolitan Statistical Area.\nLongview is the principal city of the Longview Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is part of the larger MSA made up of Gregg, Upshur, and Rusk Counties. Longview is considered a major hub city in the region, as is the nearby city of Tyler.
/m/01zkhk	Falkirk is a town in the Central Lowlands of Scotland. It lies in the Forth Valley, almost midway between the two most populous cities of Scotland; 23.3 miles north-west of Edinburgh and 20.5 miles north-east of Glasgow.\nFalkirk had a resident population of 32,422 at the 2001 census. The population of the town had risen to 34,570 according to a 2008 estimate, making it the 20th most populous settlement in Scotland. Falkirk is the main town and administrative centre of the Falkirk council area, which has an overall population of 156,800 and inholds the nearby towns of Grangemouth, Bo'ness, Denny, Larbert and Stenhousemuir.\nThe town lies at the junction of the Forth and Clyde Canal and the Union Canal, a location which proved key to the growth of Falkirk as a centre of heavy industry during the Industrial Revolution. In the 18th and 19th centuries Falkirk was at the centre of the iron and steel industry, underpinned by the Carron Company in the nearby village of Carron. The company was responsible for making Carronades for the Royal Navy and also later many UK pillar boxes. In the last 50 years heavy industry has waned, and the economy of the town relies increasingly on retail and tourism. Despite this, Falkirk remains the home of many international companies like Alexander Dennis, the largest bus production company in the United Kingdom.
/m/0h7pj	Walter Bruce Willis (born March 19, 1955), better known as Bruce Willis, is an American actor, producer, and musician. His career began in television in the 1980s and has continued both in television and film since, including comedic, dramatic, and action roles. He is well known for the role of John McClane in the Die Hard series, which were mostly critical and uniformly financial successes.
/m/05mxw33	Jeff Bhasker is an American record producer, songwriter, keyboardist, vocalist and multi-instrumentalist. He collaborated with rapper/producer Kanye West on the albums 808s & Heartbreak, My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy and Watch the Throne, with Jay-Z. He has won Grammy Awards for the songs \"Run This Town\" by Jay-Z, \"All of the Lights\" by Kanye West, and \"We Are Young\" by Fun.
/m/05w3f	Psychedelic rock is a style of rock music that is inspired or influenced by psychedelic culture and attempts to replicate and enhance the mind-altering experiences of psychedelic drugs. It often uses new recording techniques and effects and draws on non-Western sources such as the ragas and drones of Indian music.\nIt was pioneered by musicians including the Beatles, the Byrds, and the Yardbirds, emerging as a genre during the mid-1960s among folk rock and blues rock bands in the United Kingdom and United States, such as Grateful Dead, Jefferson Airplane, the Jimi Hendrix Experience, Cream, the Doors and Pink Floyd. It reached a peak in between 1967 and 1969 with the Summer of Love and Woodstock Rock Festival, respectively, becoming an international musical movement and associated with a widespread counterculture, before beginning a decline as changing attitudes, the loss of some key individuals and a back-to-basics movement, led surviving performers to move into new musical areas.\nPsychedelic rock influenced the creation of psychedelic pop and psychedelic soul. It also bridged the transition from early blues- and folk music-based rock to progressive rock, glam rock, hard rock and as a result influenced the development of sub-genres such as heavy metal. Since the late 1970s it has been revived in various forms of neo-psychedelia.
/m/02v3m7	Greater St. Louis is the metropolitan area that completely surrounds and includes the independent city of St. Louis and includes parts of the U.S. states of Missouri and Illinois. Depending on the counties included in the area, it can refer to the St. Louis, MO-IL metropolitan statistical area or the St. Louis-St. Charles-Farmington, MO-IL combined statistical area. Included in the MSA is the city of St. Louis; the Southern Illinois counties of Bond, Calhoun, Clinton, Jersey, Macoupin, Madison, Monroe, and St. Clair, which are collectively known as the Metro East; the Missouri counties of Franklin, Jefferson, Lincoln, St. Charles, St. Louis County, Warren Washington, and part of Crawford County. The CSA includes all of the MSA listed above and the Farmington, MO micropolitan statistical area, which includes Washington County, Missouri and St. Francois County, Missouri. The CSA was the 19th largest in the United States in 2012, with a population of 2,900,605, while the 2012 MSA was the 19th largest in the country with a population of 2,795,794.\nThe region is home to several corporations listed in the Fortune 500, including Express Scripts, Emerson Electric, Monsanto, Reinsurance Group of America, Centene, Peabody Energy, Ameren, Graybar Electric, and Edward Jones.
/m/05w3y	Koninklijke Philips N.V. is a Dutch diversified technology company headquartered in Amsterdam with primary divisions focused in the areas of Healthcare, Consumer Lifestyle and Lighting. It was founded in Eindhoven in 1891 by Gerard Philips and his father Frederik. It is one of the largest electronics companies in the world and employs around 122,000 people across more than 60 countries.\nPhilips is organized into three main divisions: Philips Consumer Lifestyle, Philips Healthcare and Philips Lighting. As of 2012 Philips was the largest manufacturer of lighting in the world measured by applicable revenues. In 2013, the company sold the bulk of its remaining consumer electronics operations to Funai Electric Co. On 25 October 2013, the deal to Funai Electric Co was broken off and the consumer electronics operations remain under Philips.\nPhilips has a primary listing on the Euronext Amsterdam stock exchange and is a constituent of the AEX index. It has a secondary listing on the New York Stock Exchange.
/m/082x5	The Wehrmacht was the unified armed forces of Germany from 1935 to 1945. It consisted of the Heer, the Kriegsmarine and the Luftwaffe.
/m/0391jz	Rachel Anne McAdams is a Canadian actress. After graduating from a four-year theatre program at York University in 2001, McAdams initially worked in Canadian television and film productions such as My Name Is Tanino, Perfect Pie and Slings and Arrows. Her first Hollywood film was the 2002 comedy The Hot Chick. McAdams found fame in 2004, co-starring in the teen comedy Mean Girls and the romantic drama The Notebook. In 2005, she co-starred in the romantic comedy Wedding Crashers, the psychological thriller Red Eye, and the family drama The Family Stone. She was hailed by the media as Hollywood's new \"it girl\" and received a BAFTA nomination for Best Rising Star.\nHowever, McAdams withdrew from the public eye in 2006 and 2007. During this time, she turned down leading roles in high-profile films such as The Devil Wears Prada. She made a low-key return to work in 2008, starring in two limited release films: the film noir Married Life, and the road trip movie The Lucky Ones. She returned to prominence in 2009 and co-starred in the political thriller State of Play, the science-fiction romance The Time Traveler's Wife, and the action-adventure film Sherlock Holmes. McAdams's first star vehicle was the 2010 comedy Morning Glory. In 2011, she co-starred in the romantic comedy Midnight in Paris and reprised her role in the action-adventure sequel Sherlock Holmes: A Game of Shadows. In 2012, she co-starred in the romantic drama The Vow. In 2013, McAdams co-starred in the romantic drama To the Wonder, the erotic thriller Passion and the romantic comedy About Time. She has signed on to co-star in Anton Corbijn's A Most Wanted Man, Wim Wenders's Every Thing Will Be Fine and Cameron Crowe's as-yet-untitled Hawaii romantic comedy project.
/m/0d__c3	The 24th Academy Awards is an event that honored the Greatest Films of 1951 as recognized by the American Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.\nBest Picture was awarded to An American in Paris, which, like A Place in the Sun, received six Academy Awards. A Streetcar Named Desire won four Oscars, including three of the acting awards, excluding Marlon Brando, whose performance as Stanley Kowalski was later considered one of the most influential of modern film acting.\nHumphrey Bogart was the last man to ever win a leading role Oscar who was born in the 19th century.\nAn American in Paris became only the second color film to win Best Picture. The first one was 12 years earlier: Gone with the Wind.
/m/01mqh5	Selma Blair is an American film, television and theater actress. Since Blair made her professional acting debut in 1995, she has starred in a variety of film genres, including several commercial Hollywood motion pictures, indie and art house films.\nBlair officially started her professional acting career in 1995 on television, then, in 1996 she made her debut in the film industry. Her first works consisted of several television guest roles, brief appearances in mainstream films and lead roles in unreleased projects, including the New Zealand-fantasy film Amazon High; later, she gained mainstream recognition after starring in the 1999 teen drama Cruel Intentions.\nShe achieved international fame as a result of her portrayal of the pyrokinetic-heroine Liz Sherman in the fantasy films Hellboy and Hellboy II: The Golden Army. Some of her other films include Legally Blonde, The Sweetest Thing, The Fog, Purple Violets and Columbus Circle.\nBlair portrayed in the 1990s the titular role of Zoe on the teen sitcom Zoe, Duncan, Jack and Jane; in the 2000s, she starred as Kim in the American version of Kath & Kim. In 2012-2013, she returned to television as the female lead in the first two seasons of the TV-series Anger Management.
/m/02q4ntp	The Syracuse Orange men's basketball program is an intercollegiate men's basketball team representing Syracuse University. The program is classified in the NCAA's Division I, and the team competes in the Atlantic Coast Conference. Since playing its first official season in 1900-1901, the Orange has established a strong reputation as the fifth winningest men's Division I basketball team of all-time, and currently holds an active NCAA-record 43 consecutive winning seasons.\nIn its 36th year under current head coach Jim Boeheim, the team has compiled an all-time record 34 20-win seasons, including ten Big East regular season championships, five Big East Tournament championships, 29 NCAA Tournament appearances, and three appearances in the national title game. In those games, the Orange lost to Indiana in 1987 and Kentucky in 1996, before defeating Kansas for the title in 2003. Syracuse annually brings in one of the strongest recruiting classes in the country.
/m/0pf3k	Frederick II was King in Prussia of the Hohenzollern dynasty. He is best known for his military victories, his reorganization of Prussian armies, his innovative drills and tactics, and his final success against great odds in the Seven Years' War. He became known as Frederick the Great and was nicknamed Der Alte Fritz.\nIn his youth, Frederick was more interested in music and philosophy than the art of war. He defied his authoritarian father, Frederick William I, and sought to run away with his close friend Hans Hermann von Katte. They were caught and the king nearly executed his son for \"desertion\"; he did force Frederick to watch the execution of Hans. Upon ascending to the Prussian throne, he attacked Austria and claimed Silesia during the Silesian Wars, winning military acclaim for himself and Prussia. Near the end of his life, Frederick physically connected most of his realm by conquering Polish territories in the First Partition of Poland.\nFrederick was a proponent of enlightened absolutism. He modernized the Prussian bureaucracy and civil service and pursued religious policies throughout his realm that ranged from tolerance to oppression. He reformed the judicial system and made it possible for men not of noble stock to become judges and senior bureaucrats. Some critics however point out his oppressive measures against conquered Polish subjects. He limited freedom of citizens of his country and introduced harsh compulsory military service.
/m/096cw_	Futbol Club Barcelona \"B\" is a Spanish football team based in Barcelona, in the autonomous community of Catalonia. Founded in 1970 as FC Barcelona Atlètic it is the reserve team of FC Barcelona, and currently plays in Segunda División, holding home matches at Mini Estadi.\nReserve teams in Spain play in the same league system as the senior team, rather than in a reserve team league. They must play at least one level below their main side, however, so Barcelona B is ineligible for promotion to La Liga and cannot play in the Copa del Rey.
/m/0fh2v5	Children of Men is a 2006 dystopian science fiction film co-written, co-edited and directed by Alfonso Cuarón and based loosely on P. D. James's 1992 novel The Children of Men. In 2027, two decades of human infertility have left society on the brink of collapse. Illegal immigrants seek sanctuary in the United Kingdom, where the last functioning government imposes oppressive immigration laws on refugees. Clive Owen plays civil servant Theo Faron, who must help a pregnant West African refugee escape the chaos. Children of Men also stars Julianne Moore, Michael Caine, Pam Ferris, and Chiwetel Ejiofor.\nThe film was released on 22 September 2006 in the UK. It was released on 25 December in the US, where critics noted the relationship between the Christmas opening and the film's themes of hope, redemption and faith. Regardless of the limited release and low earnings at the box office compared to its budget, Children of Men received wide critical acclaim and was recognised for its achievements in screenwriting, cinematography, art direction and innovative single-shot action sequences. It was nominated for three Academy Awards: Best Adapted Screenplay, Best Cinematography and Best Film Editing. It was nominated for three BAFTA Awards, winning Best Cinematography and Best Production Design, and for three Saturn Awards, winning Best Science Fiction Film.
/m/0n25q	Jefferson County is a county located in the state of Ohio. According to the 2010 census, it has a population of 69,709, which is a decrease of 5.7% from 73,894 in 2000. Its county seat is Steubenville and is named for Thomas Jefferson, who was at the time Vice President.\nJefferson County is part of the Weirton-Steubenville, WV-OH Micropolitan Statistical Area a subsection of the Pittsburgh Tri-State combined statistical area.
/m/02gjrc	Jesus of Nazareth is a 1977 British-Italian television miniseries co-written and directed by Franco Zeffirelli which dramatizes the birth, life, ministry, crucifixion, and resurrection of Jesus. It stars Robert Powell as Jesus. The miniseries features an all star cast of famous American and European actors, including seven Oscar winners.\nExtra-biblical traditions were used in the writing of the screenplay and some characters and situations were invented for the film for brevity or dramatic purposes. Notably, Jesus of Nazareth depicts Judas Iscariot as a well-intentioned man initially, but later as a dupe of Zerah who betrays Jesus largely as a result of Zerah's false platitudes and pretexts. However, in accordance with the Gospels, the film depicts Nicodemus and Joseph of Arimathea as sympathetic members of the Sanhedrin. Many of the miracles of Jesus, such as the changing of water into wine at the wedding at Cana, the transfiguration, and the calming of the storm are not depicted, although Jesus healing the blind man and the crippled woman on Sabbath, the feeding of the multitude, and the raising of Lazarus from the dead are.
/m/088q1s	The Kingdom of Greece was a state established in 1832 at the Convention of London by the Great Powers. It was internationally recognized by the Treaty of Constantinople, where it also secured full independence from the Ottoman Empire. This event also marked the birth of the first, fully independent, Greek state since the fall of the Byzantine Empire to the Ottomans in the mid-15th century.\nThe Kingdom succeeded from the Greek provisional governments after the Greek War of Independence, and lasted until 1924. In 1924 the monarchy was abolished, and the Second Hellenic Republic was established. The restored Kingdom of Greece lasted from 1935 to 1974. The Kingdom was again dissolved in the aftermath of the seven-year military dictatorship, and the Third Republic, the current Greek government, came to be.
/m/0415svh	Gary M. Goetzman is an American film studio executive, film and television producer. Goetzman is perhaps best known as co-founder of Playtone with Tom Hanks.
/m/0sxns	Hannah and Her Sisters is a 1986 American comedy-drama film which tells the intertwined stories of an extended family over two years that begins and ends with a family Thanksgiving dinner. The film was written and directed by Woody Allen, who stars along with Mia Farrow as Hannah, Michael Caine as her husband, and Barbara Hershey and Dianne Wiest as her sisters.\nThe film's ensemble cast also includes Carrie Fisher, Maureen O'Sullivan, Lloyd Nolan, Max von Sydow, and Julie Kavner. Daniel Stern, Richard Jenkins, Fred Melamed, Lewis Black, Joanna Gleason, John Turturro, and Julia Louis-Dreyfus all have minor roles, as do Tony Roberts and Sam Waterston, who have uncredited cameo appearances. Several of Farrow's children, including a pre-adolescent Soon-Yi Previn, have credited and uncredited roles, mostly as Thanksgiving extras.\nThe film was for a long time Allen's biggest box office hit, without adjusting for inflation, with a North American gross of US$41 million. Adjusted for inflation it falls behind Annie Hall and Manhattan, and possibly also one or two of his early comedies. Midnight in Paris recently surpassed Hannah and her Sisters' box office. Hannah and Her Sisters won Academy Awards for Best Original Screenplay and for Best Supporting Actor and Best Supporting Actress, the first film to win both supporting actor awards since Julia in 1977, nearly nine years before, and the last until The Fighter over two decades later.
/m/0sv6n	Burlington is the county seat of Des Moines County, Iowa, United States. The population was 25,663 in the 2010 census, a decline from the 26,839 population in the 2000 census. Burlington is the center of a micropolitan area including West Burlington, Iowa and Middletown, Iowa and Gulfport, Illinois. Burlington is the home of Snake Alley, once labelled the crookedest alley in the world.
/m/04xm_	Karl Emil Maximilian \"Max\" Weber was a German sociologist, philosopher, and political economist whose ideas influenced social theory, social research, and the entire discipline of sociology. Weber is often cited, with Émile Durkheim and Karl Marx, as among the three founding creators of sociology.\nWeber was a key proponent of methodological antipositivism, arguing for the study of social action through interpretive means, based on understanding the purpose and meaning that individuals attach to their own actions. Weber's main intellectual concern was understanding the processes of rationalisation, secularisation, and \"disenchantment\" that he associated with the rise of capitalism and modernity, and which he saw as the result of a new way of thinking about the world.\nWeber is best known for his thesis combining economic sociology and the sociology of religion, elaborated in his book The Protestant Ethic and the Spirit of Capitalism, in which he proposed that ascetic Protestantism was one of the major \"elective affinities\" associated with the rise in the Western world of market-driven capitalism and the rational-legal nation-state. Against Marx's \"historical materialism,\" Weber emphasised the importance of cultural influences embedded in religion as a means for understanding the genesis of capitalism. The Protestant Ethic formed the earliest part in Weber's broader investigations into world religion: he would go on to examine the religions of China, the religions of India and ancient Judaism, with particular regard to the apparent non-development of capitalism in the corresponding societies, as well as to their differing forms of social stratification.
/m/064n1pz	The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is a 2009 Swedish drama thriller based on the novel of the same name by Swedish author/journalist Stieg Larsson. It is the first book in the trilogy known as the Millennium series, published in Sweden in 2005. The director is Niels Arden Oplev. By August 2009, it had been sold to 25 countries outside Scandinavia, most of them planning a release in 2010, and had been seen by more than 6 million people in the countries where it was already released. The protagonists were played by Michael Nyqvist and Noomi Rapace.
/m/05qck	The Presidential Medal of Freedom is an award bestowed by the President of the United States and is—along with the comparable Congressional Gold Medal, bestowed by an act of U.S. Congress—the highest civilian award of the United States. It recognizes those individuals who have made \"an especially meritorious contribution to the security or national interests of the United States, world peace, cultural or other significant public or private endeavors\". The award is not limited to U.S. citizens and, while it is a civilian award, it can also be awarded to military personnel and worn on the uniform.\nIt was established in 1963 and replaced the earlier Medal of Freedom that was established by President Harry S. Truman in 1945.
/m/0p9tm	Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid is a 1969 American Western film directed by George Roy Hill and written by William Goldman. Based loosely on fact, the film tells the story of Wild West outlaws Robert LeRoy Parker, known to history as Butch Cassidy and his partner Harry Longabaugh, the \"Sundance Kid\" as they migrate to Bolivia while on the run from the law in search of a more successful criminal career. In 2003, the film was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant.\"
/m/01w1w9	Stax Records is an American record label, originally based in Memphis, Tennessee.\nFounded in 1957 as Satellite Records, the label changed its name to Stax Records in 1961. It was a major factor in the creation of the Southern soul and Memphis soul music styles, also releasing gospel, funk, jazz, and blues recordings. While Stax is renowned for its output of African-American music, the label was founded by two white businesspeople, Jim Stewart and his sister Estelle Axton. It featured several popular ethnically-integrated bands, including the label's house band, Booker T. & the M.G.'s, and an integrated black and white team of staff and artists unheard of in that time of racial strife and tension in Memphis and the South.\nFollowing the death of Stax's biggest star, Otis Redding, in 1967 and the severance of the label's distribution deal with Atlantic Records in 1968, Stax continued primarily under the supervision of a new co-owner, Al Bell. Over the next five years, Bell expanded the label's operations significantly, in order to compete with Stax's main rival, Motown Records in Detroit. During the mid-1970s, a number of factors, including a problematic distribution deal with CBS Records, caused the label to slide into insolvency, resulting in its forced closure in late 1975.
/m/05rwpb	Independent music is music produced independently from major commercial record labels or their subsidiaries, a process that may include an autonomous, do-it-yourself approach to recording and publishing. The term indie is sometimes also used to describe a genre; as a genre term, \"indie\" may include music that is not independently produced, and most independent music artists do not fall into a single, defined musical style or genre and usually create music that can be categorized into other genres.
/m/03jjzf	Jennifer Tilly is an American actress and poker player. She is an Academy Award nominee, and a World Series of Poker Ladies' Event bracelet winner. She has a brother Steve and two sisters Meg Tilly and Rebecca. She also has two half brothers, Aaron and Ben.
/m/0f4_l	Pulp Fiction is a 1994 American crime film directed by Quentin Tarantino, who also co-wrote the screenplay along with Roger Avary. The film is known for its eclectic dialogue, ironic mix of humor and violence, nonlinear storyline, and a host of cinematic allusions and pop culture references. The film was nominated for seven Oscars, including Best Picture; Tarantino and Avary won for Best Original Screenplay. It was also awarded the Palme d'Or at the 1994 Cannes Film Festival. A major critical and commercial success, it revitalized the career of its leading man, John Travolta, who received an Academy Award nomination, as did costars Samuel L. Jackson and Uma Thurman.\nDirected in a highly stylized manner, Pulp Fiction connects the intersecting storylines of Los Angeles mobsters, fringe players, small-time criminals, and a mysterious briefcase. Considerable screen time is devoted to conversations and monologues that reveal the characters' senses of humor and perspectives on life. The film's title refers to the pulp magazines and hardboiled crime novels popular during the mid-20th century, known for their graphic violence and punchy dialogue. Pulp Fiction is self-referential from its opening moments, beginning with a title card that gives two dictionary definitions of \"pulp.\" The plot, as in many of Tarantino's other works, is presented out of chronological sequence.
/m/05p1tzf	The Hangover is a 2009 American comedy film, co-produced and directed by Todd Phillips and written by Jon Lucas and Scott Moore. It is the first film of The Hangover franchise. The film stars Bradley Cooper, Ed Helms, Zach Galifianakis, Heather Graham, Justin Bartha, and Jeffrey Tambor. The Hangover tells the story of Phil Wenneck, Stu Price and Alan Garner, who travel to Las Vegas for a bachelor party to celebrate their friend Doug Billings' impending marriage. However, Phil, Stu and Alan have no memory of the previous night's events and must find Doug before the wedding can take place.\nLucas and Moore wrote the script after executive producer Chris Bender's friend disappeared and had a large bill after being sent to a strip club. After Lucas and Moore sold it to the studio for $2 million, Philips and Jeremy Garelick rewrote the script to include a tiger as well as a subplot involving a baby and a police cruiser, and also including boxer Mike Tyson. Filming took place in Nevada for 15 days, and during filming, the three main actors formed a real friendship.\nThe Hangover was released on June 5, 2009, becoming a critical and commercial success. It became the tenth-highest-grossing film of 2009, with a worldwide gross of over $467 million. Critics praised the film's comedic approach but criticized it for its vulgarity. The film won the Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy, and received multiple other accolades. It is the tenth-highest-grossing film of 2009 in the world, as well as the second highest-grossing R-rated comedy ever in the United States, surpassing a record previously held by Beverly Hills Cop for almost 25 years. Out of all R-rated films, it is the third highest-grossing ever in the U.S., behind only The Passion of the Christ and The Matrix Reloaded. A sequel, The Hangover Part II, was released in 2011, and a third and final film, The Hangover Part III, was released on May 23, 2013.
/m/017f4y	Stephen Arthur Stills is an American multi-instrumentalist and singer/songwriter best known for his work with Buffalo Springfield and Crosby, Stills & Nash. He has performed on a professional level in several other bands as well as maintaining a solo career at the same time. Stills was ranked #28 in Rolling Stone Magazine's 2003 list of \"The 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time\" and #47 in the 2011 list. Stills became the first person to be inducted twice on the same night into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame for his work with CSN and Buffalo Springfield.
/m/06f0dc	The One Hundred Tenth United States Congress was the meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, between January 3, 2007, and January 3, 2009, during the last two years of the second term of President George W. Bush. It was composed of the Senate and the House of Representatives. The apportionment of seats in the House was based on the 2000 U.S. census.\nThe Democratic Party controlled a majority in both chambers for the first time since the end of the 103rd Congress in 1995. Although the Democrats held fewer than 50 Senate seats, they had an operational majority because the two independent senators caucused with the Democrats for organizational purposes. No Democratic-held seats had fallen to the Republican Party in the 2006 elections. Democrat Nancy Pelosi became the first woman Speaker of the House. The House also received the first Muslim and Buddhist members of Congress.
/m/0bzk8w	The 46th Academy Awards were presented April 2, 1974, at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion, Los Angeles. The ceremonies were presided over by John Huston, Diana Ross, Burt Reynolds, David Niven.\nWhile David Niven was introducing Elizabeth Taylor to present the award for Best Picture, a streaker named Robert Opel ran out from backstage, a moment which showed David Niven's natural aplomb as he quickly quipped about the man's \"shortcomings\".
/m/05qc_	A planet is an astronomical object orbiting a star or stellar remnant that is massive enough to be rounded by its own gravity, is not massive enough to cause thermonuclear fusion, and has cleared its neighbouring region of planetesimals. The term planet is ancient, with ties to history, science, mythology, and religion. The planets were originally seen by many early cultures as divine, or as emissaries of deities. As scientific knowledge advanced, human perception of the planets changed, incorporating a number of disparate objects. In 2006, the International Astronomical Union officially adopted a resolution defining planets within the Solar System. This definition has been both praised and criticized and remains disputed by some scientists because it excludes many objects of planetary mass based on where or what they orbit. Although eight of the planetary bodies discovered before 1950 remain \"planets\" under the modern definition, some celestial bodies, such as Ceres, Pallas, Juno, Vesta, and Pluto, that were once considered planets by the scientific community are no longer viewed as such.
/m/0hpz8	William Henry Pratt, better known by his stage name Boris Karloff, was an English actor.\nKarloff is best remembered for his roles in horror films and his portrayal of Frankenstein's monster in Frankenstein, Bride of Frankenstein, and Son of Frankenstein, which resulted in his immense popularity. His best-known non-horror role is as the Grinch, as well as the narrator, in the animated television special of Dr. Seuss's How the Grinch Stole Christmas!. He also had a memorable role in the original Scarface.
/m/0ndwt2w	The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey is a 2012 epic fantasy adventure film directed by Peter Jackson. It is the first installment of a three-part film adaptation based on the 1937 novel The Hobbit by J. R. R. Tolkien. It is followed by The Desolation of Smaug and There and Back Again, and together they will act as a prequel to Jackson's The Lord of the Rings film trilogy.\nThe story is set in Middle-earth sixty years before the events of The Lord of the Rings, and portions of the film are adapted from the appendices to Tolkien's The Return of the King. An Unexpected Journey tells the tale of Bilbo Baggins, who is convinced by the wizard Gandalf the Grey to accompany thirteen Dwarves, led by Thorin Oakenshield, on a quest to reclaim the Lonely Mountain from the dragon Smaug.\nThe film's screenplay was written by Peter Jackson, his longtime collaborators Fran Walsh and Philippa Boyens, and Guillermo del Toro, who was originally chosen to direct the film before leaving the project in 2010. The ensemble cast also includes James Nesbitt, Ken Stott, Cate Blanchett, Ian Holm, Christopher Lee, Hugo Weaving, Elijah Wood and Andy Serkis, and features Sylvester McCoy, Barry Humphries and Manu Bennett.
/m/070bjw	Joseph LaShelle, A.S.C. was a Los Angeles born film cinematographer.\nHe won an Academy Award for Laura, and was nominated on eight additional occasions.
/m/0nt6b	Lake County is a county located in the U.S. state of Indiana. In 2010, its population was 496,005, making it Indiana's second-most populous county. The county seat is Crown Point.\nThis county is part of Northwest Indiana and the Chicago metropolitan area. The county contains a mix of urban, suburban, and rural areas.\nIt is the home of part of the Indiana Dunes. It is also the home of Marktown, Clayton Mark's planned worker community in East Chicago.
/m/0170z3	American History X is a 1998 American drama film directed by Tony Kaye and written by David McKenna. It stars Edward Norton and Edward Furlong, and co-stars Fairuza Balk, Stacy Keach, Elliott Gould, Avery Brooks, Ethan Suplee and Beverly D'Angelo. The film was released in the United States on October 30, 1998 and was distributed by New Line Cinema.\nThe film tells the story of two Venice, Los Angeles brothers who become involved in the neo-Nazi movement. The older brother serves three years in prison for voluntary manslaughter, changes his beliefs and tries to prevent his brother from going down the same path. The film is told in the style of nonlinear narrative. It was given an \"R\" rating by the MPAA for \"graphic brutal violence including rape, pervasive language, strong sexuality and nudity\". It grossed over $23 million at the international box office.\nCritics mostly praised the film and Norton's performance, which earned him an Academy Award nomination for Best Actor. In September 2008, Empire magazine named it the 311th Greatest Movie of All Time.
/m/0k4p0	Tootsie is a 1982 American comedy-drama film that tells the story of a talented but volatile actor whose reputation for being difficult forces him to adopt a new identity as a woman to land a job. The movie stars Dustin Hoffman, with a supporting cast that includes Jessica Lange, Teri Garr, Dabney Coleman, Charles Durning, Geena Davis, Bill Murray, Doris Belack and producer/director Sydney Pollack. Tootsie was adapted by Larry Gelbart, Barry Levinson, Elaine May and Murray Schisgal from the story by Gelbart.\nIn 1998, the United States Library of Congress deemed the film \"culturally significant\" and selected it for preservation in the National Film Registry. The theme song to the film, \"It Might Be You,\" which was sung by singer-songwriter Stephen Bishop, whose music was composed by Dave Grusin, and whose lyrics were written by Marilyn and Alan Bergman, was a Top 40 hit in the U.S., and also hit No. 1 on the U.S. adult contemporary chart.\nJessica Lange won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her performance as Julie Nichols. The movie earned a total of ten Academy Awards nominations and in 2000 the American Film Institute ranked Tootsie as the second funniest film of all time.
/m/014ktf	An announcer is a presenter who makes \"announcements\" in an audio medium or a physical location.
/m/02kv5k	Ray Stark was an American film producer.
/m/0hb37	Monza is a city and comune on the River Lambro, a tributary of the Po in the Lombardy region of Italy, about 15 kilometres north-northeast of Milan. It is the capital of the Province of Monza and Brianza. Monza is best known for its Grand Prix motor racing circuit, the Autodromo Nazionale Monza, which hosts the Formula One Italian Grand Prix.\nOn 11 June 2004 Monza was designated the capital of the new province of Monza and Brianza. The new administrative arrangement came fully into effect in summer 2009; previously, Monza was a comune within the province of Milan. Monza is the fourth-largest city of Lombardy and is the most important economic, industrial and administrative centre of the Brianza area, supporting a textile industry and a publishing trade. Monza also hosts a Department of the University of Milan Bicocca, a Court of Justice and several offices of regional administration. Monza Park is one of the largest urban parks in Europe.
/m/0nk3g	Doo-wop is a style of vocal-based rhythm and blues music developed in African American communities in the 1940s, achieving mainstream popularity in the 1950s and early 1960s. It emerged from New York City, Philadelphia, Chicago, Baltimore, Newark, New Jersey, Pittsburgh, Cincinnati, Detroit, Washington, D.C., and areas of greater Los Angeles, including El Monte and Compton. Built upon vocal harmony, doo-wop was one of the most mainstream, pop-oriented R&B styles of the time. Singer Bill Kenny is often noted as the \"Godfather of Doo-wop\" for his introduction of the \"top & bottom\" format used by many doo-wop groups. This format features a high tenor lead with a \"talking bass\" in the song's middle.\nAs a musical genre, doo-wop features vocal group harmony with the musical qualities of many vocal parts, nonsense syllables, a simple beat, sometimes little or no instrumentation, and simple music and lyrics. It is ensemble single artists appearing with a backing group. Solo billing usually implies an individual is more prominent in the musical arrangement.
/m/082xp	Sir Winston Leonard Spencer-Churchill, KG, OM, CH, TD, DL, FRS, RA was a British politician who was the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1940 to 1945 and again from 1951 to 1955. Widely regarded as one of the greatest wartime leaders of the 20th century, Churchill was also an officer in the British Army, a historian, a writer, and an artist. He is the only British Prime Minister to have won the Nobel Prize in Literature, and was the first person to be made an honorary citizen of the United States.\nChurchill was born into the aristocratic family of the Dukes of Marlborough, a branch of the Spencer family. His father, Lord Randolph Churchill, was a charismatic politician who served as Chancellor of the Exchequer; his mother, Jennie Jerome, was an American socialite. As a young army officer, he saw action in British India, the Sudan, and the Second Boer War. He gained fame as a war correspondent and wrote books about his campaigns.\nAt the forefront of politics for fifty years, he held many political and cabinet positions. Before the First World War, he served as President of the Board of Trade, Home Secretary, and First Lord of the Admiralty as part of the Asquith Liberal government. During the war, he continued as First Lord of the Admiralty until the disastrous Gallipoli Campaign caused his departure from government. He then briefly resumed active army service on the Western Front as commander of the 6th Battalion of the Royal Scots Fusiliers. He returned to government as Minister of Munitions, Secretary of State for War, and Secretary of State for Air. After the War, Churchill served as Chancellor of the Exchequer in the Conservative government of 1924–29, controversially returning the pound sterling in 1925 to the gold standard at its pre-war parity, a move widely seen as creating deflationary pressure on the UK economy. Also controversial were his opposition to increased home rule for India and his resistance to the 1936 abdication of Edward VIII.
/m/02p19pg	The Governor of the Commonwealth of Kentucky is the head of the executive branch of government in the U.S. state of Kentucky. Fifty-six men and one woman have served as Governor of Kentucky. The governor's term is four years in length; since 1992, incumbents have been able to seek re-election once before becoming ineligible for four years. Throughout the state's history, four men have served two non-consecutive terms as governor, and two others have served two consecutive terms. Kentucky is one of only five U.S. states that hold gubernatorial elections in odd-numbered years immediately before the United States Presidential Election. The current governor is Steve Beshear, who was first elected in 2007 and was re-elected in 2011. He is term-limited, and cannot seek re-election in 2015.\nThe governor's powers are enumerated in the state constitution. There have been four constitutions of Kentucky—adopted in 1792, 1799, 1850, and 1891 respectively—and each has enlarged the governor's authority. Among the powers appropriated to the governor in the constitution are the ability to grant pardons, veto legislation, and call the legislature into session. The governor serves as commander-in-chief of the state's military forces and is empowered to enforce all laws of the state. The officeholder is given broad statutory authority to make appointments to the various cabinets and departments of the executive branch, limited somewhat by the adoption of a merit system for state employees in 1960. Because Kentucky's governor controls so many appointments to commissions, the office has been historically considered one of the most powerful state executive positions in the United States. Additionally, the governor's influence has been augmented by wide discretion in awarding state contracts and significant influence over the legislature, although the latter has been waning since the mid-1970s.
/m/0mw7h	York County is a county in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2010 census, the population was 434,972. Its county seat is York. It is in the Susquehanna Valley, a large fertile agricultural region in South Central Pennsylvania.\nYork County was created on August 19, 1749, from part of Lancaster County and named either for the Duke of York, an early patron of the Penn family, or for the city and shire of York in England. Based on the Articles of Confederation having been adopted in York by the Second Continental Congress on November 15, 1777, the local government and business community began referring to York in the 1960s as the first capital of the United States of America. The designation has been debated by historians ever since. Congress considered York, and the borough of Wrightsville, on the eastern side of York County along the Susquehanna River, as a permanent capital of the United States before Washington, D.C., was selected.
/m/07sqbl	Gaziantepspor is a professional Turkish football club located in the city of Gaziantep. Formed in 1969, Gaziantepspor are nicknamed the Şahinler. The club colours are black and red, and they play their home matches at Kamil Ocak Stadyumu.
/m/02rybfn	Harold G. \"Hal\" Rosson, A.S.C. was an American cinematographer during the early and classical Hollywood cinema. He is best known for his work on the 1939 masterpiece The Wizard of Oz.
/m/05zj6x	A.F.C. Telford United is an English association football club based in Telford, Shropshire. The club participates in the Conference North, the sixth tier of English football. The club plays its home matches in Wellington, which forms part of the new town of Telford. Telford is one of the largest towns in England without a Football League club.\nThey were formed on 28 May 2004 by supporters of Telford United F.C. after it became clear that the club would cease to exist. Bernard McNally was installed as the manager as the team embarked on their first ever season. The club's colours are black and white.
/m/0ddcbd5	Johnny English Reborn is a 2011 British spy comedy film parodying the James Bond secret agent genre. The film is the sequel to Johnny English, and stars Rowan Atkinson reprising his role as the title character and directed by Oliver Parker.\nLike its predecessor, which also parodies traits from the original James Bond films, including the more recent Casino Royale and Quantum of Solace films, and clichés of the spy genre, Johnny English Reborn was met with mixed reviews but has grossed a total of $160,078,586 worldwide.
/m/06gst	RCA Corporation, founded as the Radio Corporation of America, was an American electronics company in existence from 1919 to 1986.\nThe RCA trademark is used by Sony Music Entertainment and Technicolor, which licenses the name to other companies such as Audiovox and TCL Corporation for products descended from that common ancestor.
/m/0454s1	Richard Thorpe was a film director, film editor, screenwriter and actor.
/m/0dyjz	The West Midlands is a metropolitan county in western central England with a 2011 estimated population of 2.74 million. It came into existence as a metropolitan county in 1974 after the passage of the Local Government Act 1972, formed from parts of Staffordshire, Worcestershire and Warwickshire. The county itself is a NUTS 2 region within the wider NUTS 1 region of the same name. The county consists of seven metropolitan boroughs: the City of Birmingham, the City of Coventry, and the City of Wolverhampton, as well as Dudley, Sandwell, Solihull, and Walsall.\nThe West Midlands County Council was abolished on 31 March 1986, since when the county's constituent metropolitan boroughs have been effectively unitary authorities. However, the metropolitan county continues to exist in law and as a geographic frame of reference. It forms the basis of county-wide bodies such as West Midlands Police, the West Midlands Fire Service and the West Midlands Passenger Transport Executive, and as a ceremonial county has a Lord Lieutenant and a High Sheriff.\nThe county is sometimes described as the \"West Midlands metropolitan area\" or the \"West Midlands conurbation\", although these have different, and less clearly defined, boundaries. The main conurbation, or urban area, does not include Coventry for example. The name \"West Midlands\" is also used for the much larger West Midlands region, which sometimes causes confusion.
/m/090q8l	Stuttgarter Kickers is a German association football club that plays in Stuttgart, Baden-Württemberg, founded on 21 September 1899 as FC Stuttgarter Cickers. Its members made a deliberate and emphatic choice early on to play football exclusively and to turn their backs on rugby – their chosen sport's close cousin – at a time when both of these new games were still evolving.
/m/05g7gs	Football Club St. Gallen 1879 is a Swiss football club based in St. Gallen. The club is currently playing in the 2013/14 Swiss Super League.
/m/012ky3	Michel Jean Legrand is a French musical composer, arranger, conductor, and pianist. Legrand is a prolific composer, having written over 200 film and television scores in addition to many memorable songs. He is best known for his often haunting film music and scores, such as The Umbrellas of Cherbourg and The Thomas Crown Affair featuring the song \"The Windmills of Your Mind\" for which he won his first Academy Award.
/m/09zyn5	Norwegians constitute both a nation and an ethnic group native to Norway. They share a common culture and speak the Norwegian language. Norwegian people and their descendants are found in migrant communities worldwide, notably in the United States, Canada, Australia and Brazil.
/m/01dcqj	Colorectal cancer, also known as colon cancer, rectal cancer, or bowel cancer, is a cancer from uncontrolled cell growth in the colon or rectum, or in the appendix. Genetic analysis shows that essentially colon and rectal tumours are genetically the same cancer. Symptoms of colorectal cancer typically include rectal bleeding and anemia which are sometimes associated with weight loss and changes in bowel habits.\nMost colorectal cancer occurs due to lifestyle and increasing age with only a minority of cases associated with underlying genetic disorders. It typically starts in the lining of the bowel and if left untreated, can grow into the muscle layers underneath, and then through the bowel wall. Screening is effective at decreasing the chance of dying from colorectal cancer and is recommended starting at the age of 50 and continuing until a person is 75 years old. Localized bowel cancer is usually diagnosed through sigmoidoscopy or colonoscopy.\nCancers that are confined within the wall of the colon are often curable with surgery while cancer that has spread widely around the body is usually not curable and management then focuses on extending the person's life via chemotherapy and improving quality of life. Colorectal cancer is the third most commonly diagnosed cancer in the world, but it is more common in developed countries. Around 60% of cases were diagnosed in the developed world. It is estimated that worldwide, in 2008, 1.23 million new cases of colorectal cancer were clinically diagnosed, and that it killed 608,000 people.
/m/0pv3x	The English Patient is a romantic drama directed by Anthony Minghella from his own script based on the novel of the same name by Michael Ondaatje and produced by Saul Zaentz.\nThe film's invocation of fate, romance, and tragedy unfolds in World War II Italy through the story of a burn victim, a once dashing archaeologist whose sacrifices to save the woman he loves spell his end.
/m/02f2p7	Charlotte Rampling, OBE, is an English actress. In a career spanning almost fifty years, she has appeared in English language, French and Italian cinema.\nRampling's film career began in 1965. Her films include Georgy Girl, Visconti's The Damned, The Night Porter, Farewell My Lovely, Woody Allen's Stardust Memories, Sidney Lumet's The Verdict, Angel Heart, The Duchess and Fred Schepisi's The Eye of the Storm.\nShe has been nominated four times for a Cesar Award, for On ne meurt que 2 fois, Sous le sable, Swimming Pool and Lemming and received an Honorary Cesar in 2001. She was made an Officer of the Order of the British Empire in 2001 and received France's Legion of Honour in 2002.\nShe was married for twenty years to the French composer, Jean-Michel Jarre.
/m/0chgsm	Windsor Castle is a royal residence at Windsor in the English county of Berkshire. The castle is notable for its long association with the British royal family and for its architecture. The original castle was built in the 11th century after the Norman invasion by William the Conqueror. Since the time of Henry I, it has been used by succeeding monarchs and it is the longest-occupied palace in Europe. The castle's lavish, early 19th-century State Apartments are architecturally significant, described by art historian Hugh Roberts as \"a superb and unrivalled sequence of rooms widely regarded as the finest and most complete expression of later Georgian taste\". The castle includes the 15th-century St George's Chapel, considered by historian John Robinson to be \"one of the supreme achievements of English Perpendicular Gothic\" design. More than five hundred people live and work in Windsor Castle.\nOriginally designed to protect Norman dominance around the outskirts of London, and to oversee a strategically important part of the River Thames, Windsor Castle was built as a motte and bailey, with three wards surrounding a central mound. Gradually replaced with stone fortifications, the castle withstood a prolonged siege during the First Barons' War at the start of the 13th century. Henry III built a luxurious royal palace within the castle during the middle of the century, and Edward III went further, rebuilding the palace to produce an even grander set of buildings in what would become \"the most expensive secular building project of the entire Middle Ages in England\". Edward's core design lasted through the Tudor period, during which Henry VIII and Elizabeth I made increasing use of the castle as a royal court and centre for diplomatic entertainment.
/m/08_lx0	Libertarianism is a set of related political philosophies that uphold liberty as the highest political end. This includes emphasis on the primacy of individual liberty, political freedom, and voluntary association. It is an antonym of authoritarianism. Although libertarians share a skepticism of governmental authority, they diverge on the extent and character of their opposition. Certain schools of libertarian thought offer a range of views on how far the powers of government should be limited and others contend the state should not exist at all. While minarchists propose a state limited in scope to preventing aggression, theft, breach of contract and fraud, anarchists advocate its complete elimination as a political system. While some libertarians accept laissez-faire capitalism and private property rights, such as in land and natural resources, others oppose capitalism and private ownership of the means of production, instead advocating their common or cooperative ownership and management.\nIn the Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy, libertarianism is defined as the moral view that agents initially fully own themselves and have certain moral powers to acquire property rights in external things. Libertarian philosopher Roderick Long defines libertarianism as \"any political position that advocates a radical redistribution of power from the coercive state to voluntary associations of free individuals\", whether \"voluntary association\" takes the form of the free market or of communal co-operatives. In the United States, the term libertarianism is often used as a synonym for combined economic and cultural liberalism while outside that country there is a strong tendency to associate libertarianism with anarchism.
/m/0267wwv	Jesus Christ Superstar is a 1973 British musical film directed by Canadian film director Norman Jewison. A film adaptation of the Andrew Lloyd Webber/Tim Rice rock opera of the same name, the film stars Ted Neeley, Carl Anderson, Yvonne Elliman and Barry Dennen. The film centers on the conflict between Judas and Jesus during the week before the crucifixion of Jesus. Neeley and Anderson were nominated for two Golden Globe Awards in 1974 for their portrayals of Jesus and Judas, respectively. Although it attracted criticism from some religious groups, reviews for the film were still positive.
/m/05zppz	A male organism is the physiological sex which produces sperm. Each spermatozoon can fuse with a larger female gamete, or ovum, in the process of fertilization. A male cannot reproduce sexually without access to at least one ovum from a female, but some organisms can reproduce both sexually and asexually. Most male mammals, including male humans, have a Y chromosome, which codes for the production of larger amounts of testosterone to develop male reproductive organs.\nNot all species share a common sex-determination system. In most animals, including humans, sex is determined genetically, but in some species it can be determined due to social, environmental or other factors.
/m/015cj9	Cheltenham, also known as Cheltenham Spa, is a large spa town and borough in Gloucestershire, England, located on the edge of the Cotswolds. It is the home of the flagship race of British steeplechase horse racing, the Gold Cup, the main event of the Cheltenham Festival held every March. The town hosts several festivals of culture often featuring nationally and internationally famous contributors and attendees, including Greenbelt, Cheltenham Literature Festival, Cheltenham Jazz Festival, Cheltenham Science Festival, Cheltenham Music Festival and Cheltenham Food & Drink Festival
/m/01gh6z	Minas Gerais is one of the 26 states of Brazil. It ranks as the second most populous, the third by gross domestic product, and the fourth largest by area in the country. The state's capital and largest city, Belo Horizonte, is a major urban and finance center in Latin America, and is the sixth largest urban agglomeration in Brazil, after the cities of São Paulo, Rio de Janeiro, Salvador, Brasilia and Fortaleza, but its metropolitan area is the third largest in Brazil with just over 5,500,000 inhabitants, after those of São Paulo and Rio de Janeiro. Minas Gerais is the Brazilian state with the largest number of presidents of Brazil; Brazil's current president, Dilma Rousseff, born in Belo Horizonte, is one of them.\nWith an area of 586,528 square kilometres it is the fourth most extensive state in Brazil. The main producer of coffee and milk in the country, Minas Gerais is known for its heritage of architecture and colonial art in historical cities such as São João del-Rei, Congonhas, Ouro Preto, Diamantina, Tiradentes and Mariana. In the south, the tourist points are the hydro mineral spas, such as Caxambu, São Lourenço, Poços de Caldas, São Thomé das Letras, Monte Verde and the national parks of Caparaó and Canastra. The landscape of the State is marked by mountains, valleys, and large areas of fertile lands. In the Serra do Cipó, Sete Lagoas, Cordisburgo and Lagoa Santa, the caves and waterfalls are the attractions. Some of Brazil's most famous caverns are located there. In recent years, the state has emerged as one of the largest economic forces of Brazil, exploring its great economic potential.
/m/031hcx	Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is a 2007 fantasy film directed by David Yates and distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures. It is based on the novel of the same name by J. K. Rowling. The film, which is the fifth instalment in the Harry Potter film series, was written by Michael Goldenberg and produced by David Heyman and David Barron. The story follows Harry Potter's fifth year at Hogwarts as the Ministry of Magic is in denial of Lord Voldemort's return. The film stars Daniel Radcliffe as Harry Potter, alongside Rupert Grint and Emma Watson as Harry's best friends Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger. It is the sequel to Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire and is followed by Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince.\nLive-action filming took place in England and Scotland for exterior locations and Leavesden Film Studios in Watford for interior locations from February to November 2006, with a one-month break in June. Post-production on the film continued for several months afterwards to add in visual effects. The film's budget was reportedly between £75 and 100 million. Warner Bros. released the film in the UK on 12 July 2007 and in North America on 11 July, both in conventional and IMAX theatres; it is the first Potter film to be released in IMAX 3D.
/m/05g3v	The New Orleans Saints are an American professional football franchise based in New Orleans, Louisiana. They are currently members of the Southern Division of the National Football Conference of the National Football League. The team was founded by John W. Mecom, Jr. and David Dixon and the city of New Orleans. The Saints began play at Tulane Stadium in 1967.\nThe name \"Saints\" is an allusion to November 1 being All Saints Day in the Catholic faith, New Orleans' large Catholic population, and the spiritual When the Saints Go Marching In, which is strongly associated with New Orleans. The team's primary colors are old gold and black; their logo is a simplified fleur-de-lis. They played their home games in Tulane Stadium through the 1974 NFL season. The following year, they moved to the new Louisiana Superdome.\nFor most of their first 20 years, the Saints were barely competitive, only getting to .500 twice. In 1987, they finished 12–3 and made the playoffs for the first time in franchise history, but lost to the Minnesota Vikings 44–10. The next season of 1988 would end with a 10–6 record, proving that the Saints were a competitive team, and that 1987 was not a fluke. The Saints defeated the St. Louis Rams 31–28 in 2000 to notch their first-ever playoff win.
/m/0ky0b	Alpes-Maritimes is a department of the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in the extreme southeast corner of France.\nThe inhabitants of the department are called Maralpins, but are usually referred as Azuréens.
/m/0ndh6	St. Louis County is a county located in the U.S. state of Missouri. Its county seat is Clayton. St. Louis County borders but does not include St. Louis, which is an independent city. As of the 2010 U.S. Census, the population of St. Louis County was 998,954. St. Louis County is the largest county by population in the Greater St. Louis metropolitan statistical area and the largest county by population in the state of Missouri.
/m/02l424	Xavier University is a co-educational Jesuit, Catholic university located in Cincinnati, Ohio, USA. The school is the sixth-oldest Catholic and fourth-oldest Jesuit university in the nation. Xavier has an undergraduate enrollment of 4,485 students and graduate enrollment of 2,165. Xavier is primarily an undergraduate, liberal arts institution. Graduate programs include occupational therapy, education, counseling, nursing, English, theology, psychology, and business.
/m/024lt6	Rushmore is a 1998 comedy-drama film directed by Wes Anderson about an eccentric teenager named Max Fischer, his friendship with rich industrialist Herman Blume, and their mutual love for elementary school teacher Rosemary Cross. The film was co-written by Anderson and Owen Wilson. The soundtrack was scored by regular Anderson collaborator Mark Mothersbaugh and features several songs by bands associated with the British Invasion of the 1960s.\nThe movie helped launch the careers of Anderson and Schwartzman, while establishing a \"second career\" for Murray as a respected actor of independent cinema. Rushmore also won Best Director and Best Supporting Male awards at the 1999 Independent Spirit Awards while Murray earned a Golden Globe nomination for Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role in a Motion Picture.\nIn 2012, Slant Magazine ranked the film #22 on its list of the 100 Best Films of the 1990s. According to ShortList, it is one of the 30 coolest films ever.
/m/01b0k1	Verity Ann Lambert OBE was an English television and film producer. She was the founding producer of the science-fiction series Doctor Who, a programme which has become a part of British popular culture, and she had a long association with Thames Television. Her many credits include Adam Adamant Lives!, The Naked Civil Servant, Rock Follies, Minder, Widows, G.B.H., Jonathan Creek and Love Soup.\nLambert began working in television in the 1950s, and continued to work as a producer until the year she died. After leaving the BBC in 1969, she worked for other television companies, notably Thames Television and its Euston Films offshoot in the 1970s and 80s. She also worked in the film industry, for Thorn EMI Screen Entertainment, and from 1985 ran her own production company, Cinema Verity.\nThe British Film Institute's Screenonline website describes Lambert as \"one of those producers who can often create a fascinating small screen universe from a slim script and half-a-dozen congenial players.\"\nWomen were rarely television producers in Britain at the beginning of Lambert's career. When she was appointed to Doctor Who in 1963 she was the youngest producer, and only female drama producer, working at the BBC. The website of the Museum of Broadcast Communications hails her as \"not only one of Britain's leading businesswomen, but possibly the most powerful member of the nation's entertainment industry ... Lambert has served as a symbol of the advances won by women in the media\". She died the day before the 44th anniversary of the first showing of Doctor Who.
/m/05g3b	The New England Patriots are a professional football team based in the Greater Boston area, playing their home games in the town of Foxborough, Massachusetts at Gillette Stadium. The team is part of the East Division of the American Football Conference in the National Football League. The team changed its name from the original Boston Patriots after relocating to Foxborough in 1971, although Foxborough is a suburb of Boston, 22 miles away.\nAn original member of the American Football League, the Patriots joined the NFL in the 1970 merger of those leagues. The team advanced to the playoffs four times before appearing in Super Bowl XX in January 1986, losing to the Chicago Bears. The team also appeared in Super Bowl XXXI in January 1997, losing to the Green Bay Packers.\nSince the arrival of current head coach Bill Belichick in 2000, the Patriots became one of the most successful teams in NFL history. They are third in appearances in a Super Bowl with seven, and have the most appearances in the last 25 years. They have won all but two AFC East titles since 2001, and have not had a losing season since 2000. Before Belichick arrived, the Patriots had only notched consecutive playoff appearances twice in their history. Between 2001–2010, the Patriots set a record for most wins in a decade; they broke their own record in 2011, and again in 2012. Between 2001 and 2005, the Patriots became the second team in NFL history to win three Super Bowls in four years, and the eighth to win consecutive Super Bowls. The Patriots, however, were defeated by the New York Giants in Super Bowl XLII, after winning the first 18 games of their 2007 season. They were defeated again by the Giants in Super Bowl XLVI. During Belichick's tenure with the team along with quarterback Tom Brady, the Patriots have also compiled the longest winning streak consisting of regular season and playoff games in NFL history, a 21-game streak from October 2003 – October 2004. The Patriots contest one of the most bitter rivalries in the NFL, with the New York Jets.
/m/020v2	A civil war is a war between organized groups within the same state or republic, or, less commonly, between two countries created from a formerly united state. The aim of one side may be to take control of the country or a region, to achieve independence for a region, or to change government policies. The term is a calque of the Latin bellum civile which was used to refer to the various civil wars of the Roman Republic in the 1st century BC.\nA civil war is a high-intensity conflict, often involving regular armed forces, that is sustained, organized and large-scale. Civil wars may result in large numbers of casualties and the consumption of significant resources.\nCivil wars since the end of World War II have lasted on average just over four years, a dramatic rise from the one-and-a-half year average of the 1900-1944 period. While the rate of emergence of new civil wars has been relatively steady since the mid-19th century, the increasing length of those wars resulted in increasing numbers of wars ongoing at any one time. For example, there were no more than five civil wars underway simultaneously in the first half of the 20th century while over 20 concurrent civil wars were occurring close to the end of the Cold War before it ended. Since 1945, civil wars have resulted in the deaths of over 25 million people, as well as the forced displacement of millions more. Civil wars have further resulted in economic collapse; Somalia, Burma, Uganda and Angola are examples of nations that were considered to have promising futures before being engulfed in civil wars.
/m/05mrf_p	The Ghost Writer is a 2010 French-German-British political thriller film directed by Roman Polanski. The film is an adaptation of the Robert Harris novel, The Ghost, with the screenplay written by Polanski and Harris. It stars Ewan McGregor, Pierce Brosnan, Kim Cattrall and Olivia Williams.\nThe film won numerous cinematic awards including best director at the 60th Berlin International Film Festival and 23rd European Film Awards in 2010.
/m/0hz_1	Michael J. Fox, OC is a Canadian–American actor, author, comedian, producer, advocate and voice-over artist. With a film and television career spanning from the 1970s, Fox's roles have included Marty McFly from the Back to the Future trilogy; Alex P. Keaton from Family Ties, for which he won three Emmy Awards and a Golden Globe Award; and Mike Flaherty in Spin City, for which he won an Emmy, three Golden Globes, and two Screen Actors Guild Awards.\nFox was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease in 1991, and disclosed his condition to the public in 1998. Fox semi-retired from acting in 2000 as the symptoms of his disease worsened. He has since become an advocate for research toward finding a cure; he has created the Michael J. Fox Foundation, and on March 5, 2010, Sweden's Karolinska Institutet gave him a honoris causa doctorate for his work in advocating a cure for Parkinson's disease.\nSince 2001 Fox has mainly worked as a voice-over actor in films such as Stuart Little, and taken guest TV roles and cameo appearances in shows such as Boston Legal, The Good Wife, Scrubs, Curb Your Enthusiasm and Rescue Me. He has also released three books, Lucky Man: A Memoir, Always Looking Up: The Adventures of an Incurable Optimist and A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Future: Twists and Turns and Lessons Learned. He was appointed an Officer of the Order of Canada in 2010.
/m/091z_p	Pan's Labyrinth is a 2006 Mexican-Spanish dark fantasy film written and directed by Guillermo del Toro. It was produced and distributed by Esperanto Films.\nThe story takes place in Spain in May–June 1944, five years after the Spanish Civil War, during the early Francoist period. The narrative of the film interweaves this real world with a mythical world centered around an overgrown abandoned labyrinth and a mysterious faun creature, with which the main character, Ofelia, interacts. Ofelia's stepfather, the Falangist Captain Vidal, hunts the Spanish Maquis who fight against the Francoist regime in the region, while Ofelia's pregnant mother grows increasingly ill. Ofelia meets several strange and magical creatures who become central to her story, leading her through the trials of the old labyrinth garden. The film employs make-up, Animatronics and CGI effects to bring life to its creatures.\nDel Toro stated that he considers the story to be a parable, influenced by fairy tales, and that it addresses and continues themes related to his earlier film The Devil's Backbone, to which Pan's Labyrinth is a spiritual successor, according to del Toro in his director's commentary on the DVD. The original Spanish title refers to the fauns of Roman mythology, while the English, German, and French titles refer specifically to the faun-like Greek character Pan. However, del Toro has stated that the faun in the film is not Pan.
/m/0h7x	Austria, officially the Republic of Austria, is a federal republic and a landlocked country of roughly 8.47 million people in Central Europe. It is bordered by the Czech Republic and Germany to the north, Hungary and Slovakia to the east, Slovenia and Italy to the south, and Switzerland and Liechtenstein to the west. The territory of Austria covers 83,855 square kilometres and has a temperate and alpine climate. Austria's terrain is highly mountainous due to the presence of the Alps; only 32% of the country is below 500 metres, and its highest point is 3,798 metres. The majority of the population speak local Bavarian dialects of German as their native language, and German in its standard form is the country's official language. Other local official languages are Hungarian, Burgenland Croatian, and Slovene.\nThe origins of modern-day Austria date back to the time of the Habsburg dynasty when the vast majority of the country was a part of the Holy Roman Empire. From the time of the Reformation, many Northern German princes, resenting the authority of the Emperor, used Protestantism as a flag of rebellion. The Thirty Years War, the influence of the Kingdom of Sweden, and the rise of the Kingdom of Prussia, as well as the Napoleonic invasions, all weakened the power of the Emperor in the North of Germany, but in the South, and in non-German areas of the Empire, the Emperor and Catholicism maintained control. During the 17th and 18th centuries, Austria became one of the great powers of Europe and, in response to the coronation of Napoleon as the Emperor of the French, the Austrian Empire was officially proclaimed in 1804. Following Napoleon's defeat, Prussia emerged as Austria's chief competitor for rule of a larger Germany. Austria's defeat by Prussia at the Battle of Königgrätz, during the Austro-Prussian War of 1866 cleared the way for Prussia to assert control over the rest of Germany. In 1867, the empire was reformed into Austria-Hungary. After the defeat of France in the 1870 Franco-Prussian War, Austria was left out of the formation of a new German Empire, although in the following decades its politics, and its foreign policy, increasingly converged with those of the Prussian-led Empire. During the 1914 July Crisis that followed the assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria, the German Empire guided Austria in issuing the ultimatum to Serbia that led to the declaration of the First World War.
/m/0dn7v	Sumo is a competitive full-contact wrestling sport where a rikishi attempts to force another wrestler out of a circular ring or to touch the ground with anything other than the soles of the feet. The sport originated in Japan, the only country where it is practiced professionally. It is generally considered to be a gendai budō, though this definition is misleading as the sport has a history spanning many centuries. Many ancient traditions have been preserved in sumo, and even today the sport includes many ritual elements, such as the use of salt purification, from the days when sumo was used in the Shinto religion. Life as a wrestler is highly regimented, with rules laid down by the Sumo Association. Most sumo wrestlers are required to live in communal \"sumo training stables\" known in Japanese as heya where all aspects of their daily lives—from meals to their manner of dress—are dictated by strict tradition.\nIn recent years, a number of high-profile controversies and scandals have rocked the sumo world, with a concomitant effect on its reputation and ticket sales. It has also greatly impacted the sport's ability to attract new recruits.
/m/0qpn9	Mesa is a city in Maricopa County, in the State of Arizona and is a suburb located about 20 miles east of Phoenix. Mesa is the central city of the East Valley section of the Phoenix Metropolitan Area. It is bordered by Tempe on the west, the Salt River Pima-Maricopa Indian Community on the north, Chandler and Gilbert on the south, and Apache Junction on the east. As of the 2010 Census Mesa became Arizona's center of population.\nMesa is the third-largest city in Arizona, after Phoenix and Tucson. and the 38th-largest city in the US. The city is home to 439,041 people as of 2010 according to the Census Bureau. It actually has more people than more recognizable cities such as Atlanta, Miami, Minneapolis, Cincinnati, Pittsburgh, St. Louis, Tulsa, Wichita, and Cleveland. Mesa is home to numerous higher education facilities including Polytechnic campus of Arizona State University.
/m/0jfx	Antarctica is Earth's southernmost continent, containing the geographic South Pole. It is situated in the Antarctic region of the Southern Hemisphere, almost entirely south of the Antarctic Circle, and is surrounded by the Southern Ocean. At 14.0 million km², it is the fifth-largest continent in area after Asia, Africa, North America, and South America. For comparison, Antarctica is nearly twice the size of Australia. About 98% of Antarctica is covered by ice that averages at least 1.9 kilometres in thickness, which extends to all but the northernmost reaches of the Antarctic Peninsula.\nAntarctica, on average, is the coldest, driest, and windiest continent, and has the highest average elevation of all the continents. Antarctica is considered a desert, with annual precipitation of only 200 mm along the coast and far less inland. The temperature in Antarctica has reached −89 °C. There are no permanent human residents, but anywhere from 1,000 to 5,000 people reside throughout the year at the research stations scattered across the continent. Only cold-adapted organisms survive, including many types of algae, bacteria, fungi, plants, protista, and certain animals, such as mites, nematodes, penguins, seals and tardigrades. Vegetation where it occurs is tundra.
/m/041bnw	Nonesuch Records is an American record label, owned by Warner Music Group and distributed by Warner Bros. Records.
/m/027f3ys	Frontiers Records is an Italian record label, predominantly producing classic rock. It was founded in 1996 by Serafino Perugino and is based in Naples, Italy.
/m/01b3bp	Jason Christopher Marsden is an American screen and voice actor who has done numerous voice roles in animated films, as well as various television series.
/m/02ck1	Dmitri Dmitriyevich Shostakovich was a Soviet Russian composer and pianist and a prominent figure of 20th-century music.\nShostakovich achieved fame in the Soviet Union under the patronage of Soviet chief of staff Mikhail Tukhachevsky, but later had a complex and difficult relationship with the government. Nevertheless, he received accolades and state awards and served in the Supreme Soviet of the RSFSR and the USSR.\nAfter a period influenced by Sergei Prokofiev and Igor Stravinsky, Shostakovich developed a hybrid style, as exemplified by Lady Macbeth of the Mtsensk District. This single work juxtaposed a wide variety of trends, including the neo-classical style and post-Romanticism. Sharp contrasts and elements of the grotesque characterize much of his music.\nShostakovich's orchestral works include 15 symphonies and six concerti. His chamber output includes 15 string quartets, a piano quintet, two piano trios, and two pieces for string octet. His piano works include two solo sonatas, an early set of preludes, and a later set of 24 preludes and fugues. Other works include three operas, several song cycles, ballets, and a substantial quantity of film music; especially well known is The Second Waltz, Op. 99, music to the film The First Echelon.
/m/0cw67g	Richard A. \"Rick\" Baker is an American special makeup effects artist known for his creature effects.
/m/02d44q	In America is a 2002 drama film directed by Jim Sheridan. The semi-autobiographical screenplay by Sheridan and his daughters Naomi and Kirsten focuses on an immigrant Irish family's struggle to start a new life in New York City, as seen through the eyes of the elder daughter.\nThe film was nominated for three Academy Awards including Best Original Screenplay for the Sheridans, Best Actress for Samantha Morton and Best Supporting Actor for Djimon Hounsou.
/m/02lkt	Electronic music is music that employs electronic musical instruments and electronic music technology in its production, an electronic musician being a musician who composes and/or performs such music. In general a distinction can be made between sound produced using electromechanical means and that produced using electronic technology. Examples of electromechanical sound producing devices include the telharmonium, Hammond organ, and the electric guitar. Purely electronic sound production can be achieved using devices such as the Theremin, sound synthesizer, and computer.\nElectronic music was once associated almost exclusively with Western art music but from the late 1960s on the availability of affordable music technology meant that music produced using electronic means became increasingly common in the popular domain. Today electronic music includes many varieties and ranges from experimental art music to popular forms such as electronic dance music.
/m/024tcq	The One Hundred Eighth United States Congress was the legislative branch of the United States federal government, composed of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives from January 3, 2003 to January 3, 2005, during the third and fourth years of George W. Bush's presidency.\nHouse members were elected in the 2002 general election on November 5, 2002. Senators were elected in three classes in the 1998 general election on November 3, 1998, 2000 general election on November 7, 2000, or 2002 general election on November 5, 2002. The apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives was based on the Twenty-second Census of the United States in 2000. Both chambers had a Republican majority.
/m/0lsw9	John Zorn is an American avant-garde composer, arranger, producer, saxophonist and multi-instrumentalist with hundreds of album credits as performer, composer, and producer across a variety of genres including jazz, rock, hardcore, classical, surf, metal, klezmer, soundtrack, ambient and improvised music. He incorporates diverse styles in his compositions which he identifies as avant-garde or experimental. Zorn was described by Down Beat as \"one of our most important composers\".\nZorn established himself within the New York City downtown music movement in the mid-1970s performing with musicians across the sonic spectrum and developing experimental methods of composing new music. After releasing albums on several independent US and European labels, Zorn signed with Elektra Nonesuch and received wide acclaim with the release of The Big Gundown, an album reworking the compositions of Ennio Morricone. He attracted further attention worldwide with the release of Spillane in 1987, and Naked City in 1989. After spending almost a decade travelling between Japan and the US he returned to New York as a permanent base and established his own record label Tzadik in the mid-1990s.
/m/015cjr	A presenter, host, or hostess, is a person or organization responsible for the running of a public event. A museum or university, for example, may be the presenter or host of an exhibit. In films, a presenter is a usually well-known executive producer credited with introducing a film or filmmaker to a larger audience.\nIn broadcast media a presenter is, especially in British English, the person who hosts, narrates, or otherwise takes the main role in presenting a radio or television programme.\nA person who hosts or presents other kinds of public entertainment may also be known as a master of ceremonies.
/m/03shp	Iran, also known as Persia, officially the Islamic Republic of Iran since 1980, is a country in Western Asia. It is bordered on the north by Armenia, Azerbaijan and Turkmenistan, with Kazakhstan and Russia across the Caspian Sea; on the east by Afghanistan and Pakistan; on the south by the Persian Gulf and the Gulf of Oman; on the west by Iraq; and on the northwest by Turkey. Comprising a land area of 1,648,195 km², it is the second-largest nation in the Middle East and the 18th-largest in the world; with over 77 million inhabitants, Iran is the world's 17th most populous nation. It is the only country that has both a Caspian Sea and Indian Ocean coastline. Iran has been of geostrategic importance because of its central location in Eurasia and Western Asia and the Strait of Hormuz.\nIran is home to one of the world's oldest civilizations, beginning with the formation of the Proto-Elamite and Elamite kingdom in 3200 – 2800 BCE. The Iranian Medes unified the country into the first of many empires in 625 BCE, after which it became the dominant cultural and political power in the region. Iran reached the pinnacle of its power during the Achaemenid Empire founded by Cyrus the Great in 550 BCE, which at its greatest extent comprised major portions of the ancient world, stretching from the Indus Valley in the east, to Thrace and Macedon on the northeastern border of Greece, making it the largest empire the world had yet seen. The empire collapsed in 330 BCE following the conquests of Alexander the Great. The area eventually regained influence under the Parthian Empire and rose to prominence once more after the establishment of the Sasanian dynasty in 224 CE, under which Iran became one of the leading powers of Western and Central Asia for the next four centuries.
/m/012w3	Associate Justices of the Supreme Court of the United States are the members of the Supreme Court of the United States other than the Chief Justice of the United States. The number of Associate Justices is determined by the United States Congress and is currently set at eight by the Judiciary Act of 1869.\nAssociate Justices, like the Chief Justice, are nominated by the President of the United States and are confirmed by the United States Senate by majority vote. This is provided for in Article II of the Constitution, which states that the President \"shall nominate, and by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, shall appoint...Judges of the supreme Court.\"\nArticle III of the Constitution specifies that Associate Justices, and all other United States federal judges \"shall hold their Offices during good Behavior.\" This language means that the appointments are effectively for life, ending only when a Justice dies in office, retires, or is removed from office following impeachment by the House of Representatives and conviction by the Senate.\nEach of the Justices of the Supreme Court has a single vote in deciding the cases argued before it; the Chief Justice's vote counts no more than that of any other Justice. However, in drafting opinions, the Chief Justice enjoys additional influence in case disposition if in the majority through his power to assign who writes the opinion. Otherwise, the senior justice in the majority assigns the writing of a decision. Furthermore, the Chief Justice leads the discussion of the case among the justices. The Chief Justice has certain administrative responsibilities that the other Justices do not and is paid slightly more.
/m/0_b9f	The Piano is a 1993 New Zealand romantic drama film about a mute pianist and her daughter, set during the mid-19th century in a rainy, muddy frontier backwater on the west coast of New Zealand. The film was written and directed by Jane Campion, and stars Holly Hunter, Harvey Keitel, Sam Neill, and Anna Paquin, in her first acting role. It features a score for the piano by Michael Nyman which became a best-selling soundtrack album. Hunter played her own piano pieces for the film, and also served as sign language teacher for Paquin, earning three screen credits. The film is an international co-production by Australian producer Jan Chapman with the French company Ciby 2000.\nThe Piano was a success both critically and commercially, grossing $40.2 million, against its $7 million budget. Hunter and Paquin both received high praise for their respective roles as Ada McGrath and Flora McGrath. In March of 1994, The Piano won 3 Academy Awards out of 8 total nominations: Best Actress for Hunter, Best Supporting Actress for Paquin, and Best Original Screenplay for Campion. Paquin, who at the time was 11 years old, is the second youngest Oscar winner ever in a competitive category, after Tatum O'Neal, who also won Supporting Actress in 1974 for Paper Moon, at 10.
/m/026b33f	Celebrity Fit Club is a reality television series which follows eight overweight celebrities as they try to lose weight.\nThis show is based on the British version, which aired on the ITV Network from 2002 until 2006. The American version was executive produced by Richard Hall for Granada in Seasons 2-5.
/m/01hng3	Sephardic law and customs means the practice of Judaism as observed by the Sephardi and Mizrahi Jews, so far as it is peculiar to themselves and not shared with other Jewish groups such as the Ashkenazim. Sephardim do not constitute a separate denomination within Judaism, but rather a distinct cultural, juridical and philosophical tradition.\nSephardim are, primarily, the descendants of Jews from the Iberian peninsula. They may be divided into the families that left in the Expulsion of 1492 and those that remained as crypto-Jews and left in the following few centuries.\nIn religious parlance, and by many in modern Israel, the term is used in a broader sense to include all Jews of Ottoman or other West Asian or North African backgrounds, whether or not they have any historic link to Spain, though some prefer to distinguish between Sephardim proper and Mizraḥi Jews.\nFor the purposes of this article there is no need to distinguish the two groups, as their religious practices are basically similar: whether or not they are \"Spanish Jews\" they are all \"Jews of the Spanish rite\". There are three reasons for this convergence, which are explored in more detail below:\nBoth groups follow general Jewish law without those customs specific to the Ashkenazic tradition.
/m/05p7tx	The Milan Conservatory is a college of music which was established by a royal decree of 1807 in Milan, capital of the Napoleonic Kingdom of Italy. It opened the following year with premises in the cloisters of the Baroque church of Santa Maria della Passione. There were initially 18 boarders, including students of both sexes. Today it is the largest institute of musical education in Italy.\nDuring these two centuries, it has educated many of Italy's most important musicians, including Fausto Romitelli, Oscar Bianchi, Luca Francesconi, Stefano Gervasoni, Marco Stroppa, Giacomo Puccini, Alfredo Piatti, Arrigo Boito, Giovanni Bottesini, Alfredo Catalani, Riccardo Chailly, Amelita Galli-Curci, Vittorio Giannini, Bruno Maderna, Pietro Mascagni, Gian Carlo Menotti, Francisco Mignone, Riccardo Muti, Kurken Alemshah, Italo Montemezzi, Alceo Galliera, Arturo Benedetti Michelangeli, Giuseppe Andaloro, Mario Nascimbene, Maurizio Pollini, Ludovico Einaudi, Antonino Fogliani, Vittorio Parisi, Riccardo Sinigaglia, Claudio Abbado and Florin Cezar Ouatu. Among its past professors are the well-known voice teachers Francesco Lamperti and his son Giovanni Battista Lamperti. Ranking among eminent professors who have taught at the Milan conservatory are Giorgio Battistelli, Franco Donatoni, Lorenzo Ferrero, Riccardo Muti, Enrico Polo, Amilcare Ponchielli, and Salvatore Quasimodo.
/m/0kwgs	Madison County is a county of the U.S. state of Alabama, and is a major part of the Huntsville Metropolitan Area.\nIt is also included in the merged Huntsville-Decatur Combined Statistical Area. The county is named in honor of James Madison, fourth President of the United States of America, and the first to visit the state of Alabama. According to the 2010 Census, the population was 334,811. Its county seat is Huntsville. Madison County covers parts of the former Decatur County.
/m/01jtp7	The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania is the business school of the University of Pennsylvania, a private, Ivy League university in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Wharton is the United States' oldest business school and the world’s first business school affiliated with an institution of higher learning. It was established in 1881 through a donation from Joseph Wharton. The school's faculty is the world’s most published and most cited among business schools. The University of Pennsylvania, Wharton's parent institution, is America's first university, founded by statesman and United States' founding father Benjamin Franklin.\nWharton is widely considered to be one of the world's best business schools. Both Business Week and the Financial Times have consistently ranked Wharton among the world's top institutions for business education. Its undergraduate program has been ranked first in the United States by U.S. News & World Report since the rankings' inception. Wharton's MBA program was ranked the best in the world by the Financial Times from 2000 to 2009 and again in 2011. Its renowned finance curriculum consistently tops academic rankings worldwide, and Wharton has earned the number one spot in the U.S. News & World Report's \"Best Finance Programs\" list each consecutive year from its commencement. Similarly, Wharton has maintained its top position in the finance specialization rankings of the QS Global 200 Business Schools Report 2013/14, prompting QS to declare that \"Wharton reigns supreme in finance, topping the table again.\" In addition, Wharton usually receives the highest reputation scores from academics and recruiters.
/m/03w4sh	Neal P. McDonough is an American film, television, actor and voice actor, best known for portraying Lieutenant Lynn \"Buck\" Compton in the HBO miniseries Band of Brothers, Deputy District Attorney David McNorris on Boomtown, and Dave Williams on ABC's Desperate Housewives.
/m/01rs62	A university-preparatory school or college-preparatory school is a secondary school, either public or private depending on the area, designed to prepare students for a college or university education. Some schools will also include a junior, or elementary school.\nIn North America, college prep schools are usually private schools that focus on providing a rigorous academic education, athletic involvement, and varied extracurricular activities and leadership opportunities, on the secondary school level. Only 1% of U.S. and Canadian students attend college prep schools. However, in many US cities, there are competitive, state-funded secondary schools, to which admission is gained by examination and/or academic performance, and that offer college/university preparatory educations regarded as equal to those at the best-known independent schools.\nIn most parts of Europe, such as Germany, the countries of former Austria-Hungary, the Netherlands, France, Italy, and Scandinavia, there are state-funded secondary schools specializing in university-preparatory education. These go by many names depending on the country but may be called gymnasia, athenaea, a lycee or a liceo, depending on the nation.
/m/0mnsf	Hampton is an independent city in Virginia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 137,436.\nAs one of the seven major cities that compose the Hampton Roads metropolitan area, it is on the southeastern end of the Virginia Peninsula.\nHampton traces its history to 1607. The city's Old Point Comfort, home of Fort Monroe for almost 400 years, was named by the voyagers of 1607 led by Captain Christopher Newport on the mission which first established Jamestown as a British colony. Since consolidation in 1952, Hampton has included the former Elizabeth City County and the incorporated town of Phoebus, consolidating by mutual agreement. After the end of the American Civil War, historic Hampton University was established opposite from the town on the Hampton River, providing an education for many newly freed former slaves and Native Americans. In the 20th century, the area became the location of Langley Air Force Base, NASA Langley Research Center, and the Virginia Air and Space Center. Hampton features many miles of waterfront and beaches.\nFor residents and visitors alike, the city features a wide array of business and industrial enterprises, retail and residential areas, and historical sites. Most recently, the new Peninsula Town Center development opened in May 2010 on the site of the former Coliseum Mall. Located in the area adjacent to the Hampton Coliseum and the Convention Center, the new urbanism-type project features a wide mix of retail stores, housing and other attractions. Development of new residential development and additional public facilities are underway at Buckroe Beach, long a noted resort area.
/m/01t38b	The University of Sheffield is a research university in the city of Sheffield in South Yorkshire, England. It received its royal charter in 1905 as successor to Sheffield Medical School and University College of Sheffield. As one of the original red brick universities, it is also a member of the prestigious Russell Group of research intensive universities.\nIn 2012, QS World University Rankings placed Sheffield as the 66th university worldwide and 11th in the UK. The year before, Sheffield was named 'University of the Year' 2011 in the Times Higher Education awards.\nThe university had more than 17000 undergraduate and around 7000 postgraduate students in 2012. Its annual income for 2012-13 was £479.8 million, with an expenditure of £465.0 million, resulting in a surplus of £14.8 million.
/m/053j4w4	George R. Nelson was an American set decorator. He won an Academy Award and was nominated for three more in the category Best Art Direction.
/m/02hxc3j	Romanian is a Romance language spoken by around 24 million people as a native language, primarily in Romania and Moldova, and by another 4 million people as a second language. It has official status in Romania, the Republic of Moldova, the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina in Serbia, and in the autonomous Mount Athos in Greece.\nRomanian speakers are scattered across many other countries, notably Australia, Italy, Spain, Ukraine, Bulgaria, the United States, Canada, Argentina, Israel, Russia, Portugal, the United Kingdom, France, and Germany.
/m/0jch5	San Juan County is a county located in the southeastern portion of the U.S. state of Utah. As of the 2010 census, the population was 14,746. Its county seat is Monticello, while its most populous city is Blanding. The county was named by the Utah State Legislature for the San Juan River, itself named by Spanish explorers.\nSan Juan County borders Arizona, Colorado, and New Mexico at the Four Corners.
/m/0778_3	The National Theatre School of Canada is a private college located in Montreal, Quebec.\nEstablished in Montreal in 1960, the National Theatre School of Canada offers professional training in English and French in a setting that unites all the theatre arts: acting, playwriting, directing, set and costume design, and production.
/m/01d3n8	Internal medicine or general medicine is the medical specialty dealing with the prevention, diagnosis, and treatment of adult diseases. Physicians specializing in internal medicine are called internists, or physicians in Commonwealth nations. Internists are especially skilled in the management of patients who have undifferentiated or multi-system disease processes. Internists care for hospitalized and ambulatory patients and may play a major role in teaching and research.\nSince internal medicine patients are often seriously ill or require complex investigations, internists do much of their work in hospitals. Internists often have subspecialty interests in diseases affecting particular organs or organ systems.\nInternal medicine is also a specialty within clinical pharmacy and veterinary medicine.
/m/0125xq	The Fifth Element is a 1997 English-language French science fiction film directed, co-written, and based on a story by Luc Besson. The film stars Bruce Willis, Gary Oldman, and Milla Jovovich. Mostly set during the twenty-third century, the film's central plot involves the survival of planet Earth, which becomes the duty of Korben Dallas, a taxicab driver and former special forces Major, when a young woman falls into his taxicab. Upon learning about her significance, Dallas must join forces with her to recover four mystical stones essential to defending Earth from an impending attack.\nBesson started writing the story that would become The Fifth Element when he was 16 years old; he was 38 when the film opened in cinemas. Comic book writers Jean Giraud and Jean-Claude Mézières were hired for the film's production design, and costume design was done by Jean-Paul Gaultier.\nThe Fifth Element received mainly positive reviews, though it tended to polarize critics. It has been called both the best and worst summer blockbuster of all time. The film was a financial success, earning over $263 million at the box office on a $90 million budget. It was the most expensive European film ever made at the time of its release, and remained the most financially successful French film until the release of The Intouchables in 2011.
/m/027j9wd	Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs is a 2009 American 3-D computer animated comedy adventure film, and the third installment in the Ice Age series. It was produced by Blue Sky Studios and distributed by 20th Century Fox. The film features the voices of Ray Romano, John Leguizamo, Denis Leary, Queen Latifah, Seann William Scott, Josh Peck, Simon Pegg, and Chris Wedge.\nThe story has Sid being taken by a female Tyrannosaurus after stealing her eggs, leading the rest of the protagonists to rescue him in a tropical lost world inhabited by dinosaurs beneath the ice. Despite receiving mixed reviews from critics, Dawn of the Dinosaurs ranked at the time as the second highest grossing animated film of all time, earning $886.7 million worldwide.
/m/0c3xw46	Friends with Benefits is a 2011 American romantic comedy film directed by Will Gluck and starring Justin Timberlake and Mila Kunis. The film features a supporting cast that includes Patricia Clarkson, Jenna Elfman, Bryan Greenberg, Nolan Gould, Richard Jenkins and Woody Harrelson. The plot revolves around Dylan and Jamie, who meet in New York City and naively believe adding sex to their friendship will not lead to complications. Over time they begin to develop deep mutual feelings for each other, only to deny it each time they are together.\nPrincipal casting for the film took place over a three-month period from April to July 2010. Gluck reworked the original script and plot shortly after casting Timberlake and Kunis. Filming began in New York City on July 20, 2010, and concluded in Los Angeles in September 2010. The film was distributed by Screen Gems and was released in North America on July 22, 2011. Friends with Benefits was generally well received by film critics, and became a commercial success at the box office grossing over $149.5 million worldwide. It was nominated for two People's Choice Awards: one for Favorite Comedy Movie, and one for Mila Kunis as Favorite Comedic Movie Actress.
/m/03ffcz	The Singing Detective is a BBC television serial drama, written by Dennis Potter, which stars Michael Gambon and was directed by Jon Amiel. The six episodes were \"Skin\", \"Heat\", \"Lovely Days\", \"Clues\", \"Pitter Patter\" and \"Who Done It\".\nThe serial was broadcast in the United Kingdom on BBC1 in 1986 on Sunday nights at 8pm from 16 November to 21 December with later PBS and cable television showings in the United States. It won a Peabody Award in 1989. It ranks 20th on the British Film Institute's list of the 100 Greatest British Television Programmes, as voted by industry professionals in 2000. It was included in the 1992 Dennis Potter retrospective at the Museum of Television & Radio and became a permanent addition to the Museum's collections in New York and Los Angeles. There was co-production funding from the Australian Broadcasting Corporation. It was released on DVD in the US on 15 April 2003 and in the UK on 8 March 2004.
/m/0f6zs	Warren County is a county in the U.S. state of New York. It is part of the Glens Falls, New York, Metropolitan Statistical Area. As of the 2010 census, the population was 65,707. It is named in honor of General Joseph Warren, an American Revolutionary War hero of the Battle of Bunker Hill. The county seat is Queensbury.
/m/049tjg	Van Johnson was an American film and television actor and dancer who was a major star at Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer studios during and after World War II.\nJohnson was the embodiment of the \"boy-next-door wholesomeness made him a popular Hollywood star in the '40s and '50s,\" playing \"the red-haired, freckle-faced soldier, sailor or bomber pilot who used to live down the street\" in MGM movies during the war years with such films as Thirty Seconds Over Tokyo, A Guy Named Joe and The Caine Mutiny. Johnson made occasional World War II movies through the end of the 1960s, and he played a military officer in one of his final feature films, in 1992. At the time of his death in December 2008, he was one of the last surviving matinee idols of Hollywood's \"golden age.\"
/m/01wd9vs	Marilyn Bergman is a composer, songwriter and author.\nShe was born Marilyn Katz in Brooklyn, New York and studied psychology and English at New York University. She and her husband Alan Bergman, whom she married in 1958, were born in the same hospital and raised in the same Brooklyn neighborhood, but their first meeting did not take place till each had relocated to Los Angeles. Together they have written the music and lyrics for numerous television shows, films, and stage musicals. One of their early successes was \"Sleep Warm\" the title track to Dean Martin's 1959 album on which Frank Sinatra was the 'guest' conductor. Sinatra sang his first of their compositions, \"Nice 'n' Easy\", on his 1960 album Nice 'n' Easy.\nIn 1983, the couple became the first songwriters ever to have written three of the five tunes nominated for an Academy Award for Best Song – \"How Do You Keep the Music Playing?\" from Best Friends, \"It Might Be You\" from Tootsie, and \"If We Were in Love\" from Yes, Giorgio.\nBergman was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 1980. In 1986 she was awarded the Women in Film Crystal Award for outstanding women who, through their endurance and the excellence of their work, have helped to expand the role of women within the entertainment industry. In 1995 she was awarded an honorary doctorate by the Berklee College of Music. The following year, she received France's highest cultural honor, the Commander of the Order of Arts and Letters medal.
/m/02grdc	The Grammy Award for Best Spoken Word Album has been awarded since 1959. The award had several minor name changes:\nIn 1959 the award was known as Best Performance, Documentary or Spoken Word\nFrom 1960 to 1961 it was awarded as Best Performance - Documentary or Spoken Word\nFrom 1962 to 1963 it was awarded as Best Documentary or Spoken Word Recording\nFrom 1964 to 1965 it was awarded as Best Documentary, Spoken Word or Drama Recording\nIn 1966 it was awarded as Best Spoken Word or Drama Recording\nFrom 1967 to 1968 it was awarded as Best Spoken Word, Documentary or Drama Recording\nFrom 1969 to 1979 it was awarded as Best Spoken Word Recording\nFrom 1980 to 1983 it returned to the title of Best Spoken Word, Documentary or Drama Recording\nFrom 1984 to 1991 it was awarded as Best Spoken Word or Non-Musical Recording\nFrom 1992 to 1997 it was awarded as Best Spoken Word or Non-Musical Album\nSince 1998 it has been awarded as Best Spoken Word Album\nThe category now also includes audio books, poetry readings and story telling.\nThree US Presidents have won the awards: Jimmy Carter, Bill Clinton and Barack Obama, along with spoken recordings of John F. Kennedy and Franklin D. Roosevelt. Four U.S. Senators have won: Barack Obama, Everett Dirksen, Al Franken, and Hillary Clinton.
/m/0d1yn	Graz is the second-largest city in Austria after Vienna and the capital of the federal state of Styria. On 9. January 2014 it had a population of 303.731.\nGraz has a long tradition as a student city: its six universities have more than 44,000 students. Its \"Old Town\" is one of the best-preserved city centres in Central Europe.\nPolitically and culturally, Graz was for centuries more important for Slovenes than Ljubljana, the capital of Slovenia, and still remains influential.\nIn 1999, Graz was added to the UNESCO list of World Cultural Heritage Sites, and the site was extended in 2010 by Schloss Eggenberg. Graz was sole Cultural Capital of Europe for 2003 and got the title of a City of Culinary Delights in 2008.
/m/04ghz4m	After Katrina, police sergeant Terence McDonagh rescues a prisoner, hurts his back in the process and earns a promotion to lieutenant plus an addiction to cocaine and painkillers. Six months later, a family is murdered over drugs; Terence runs the investigation. His drug-using prostitute girlfriend, his alcoholic father's dog, run-ins with two old women and a well-connected john, gambling losses, a nervous young witness, and thefts of police property put Terence's job and then his life in danger. He starts seeing things. He wants a big score to get out from under mounting debts, so he joins forces with drug dealers. The murders remain unsolved. A bad lieutenant gets worse.
/m/01k8rb	Lara Flynn Boyle is an American actress. She is best known for her performances as Donna Hayward in Twin Peaks and Assistant District Attorney Helen Gamble in The Practice. She has also appeared in films such as Happiness and Men in Black II.
/m/018y2s	David John \"Dave\" Matthews is a South African born American singer-songwriter, musician and actor, best known as the lead vocalist, songwriter, and guitarist for the Dave Matthews Band. He performs mainly with acoustic guitar and favors rhythm rather than solos in his playing. During the period from 2000 to 2010, his band, the Dave Matthews Band, sold more tickets and earned more money than any other act in North America.
/m/01h18v	About Schmidt is a 2002 American comedy-drama film directed by Alexander Payne, starring Jack Nicholson in the title role. It is very loosely based on the 1996 novel of the same title by Louis Begley.\nThe film follows Schmidt as he retires from his pedestrian job, followed by the death of his wife for whom he has lost affection. He goes on a road trip in order to attend the wedding of his only daughter to a man and into a family he does not particularly like. Events compel him to reflect on his life with a sense of futility that lasts until the final moments of the film. The film was both a commercial and a critical success.
/m/01jdpf	An interview is a conversation between two or more people where questions are asked by the interviewer to elicit facts or statements from the interviewee. Interviews are a standard part of journalism and media reporting, but are also employed in many other situations, including qualitative research.
/m/02ph9tm	You Don't Mess with the Zohan is a 2008 American slapstick comedy film directed by Dennis Dugan and produced by Adam Sandler, who also starred in the film.\nYou Don't Mess with the Zohan has marked the fourth film which has included a collaboration of Sandler as actor and Dugan taking his role as director. The film revolves around Zohan Dvir, an Israeli counter-terrorist army commando who fakes his own death in order to pursue his dream of becoming a hairstylist in New York City. The story was written by Adam Sandler, Judd Apatow, and Robert Smigel. It was released on June 6, 2008 in the US and on August 15, 2008 in the UK.\nDespite generally mediocre reviews, You Don't Mess with the Zohan was widely successful at the box office, its $90 million budget overshadowed by a worldwide gross of $200 million.
/m/01dhpj	Daniel Barenboim, KBE is an Israeli Argentine-born pianist and conductor. He has served as music director of several major symphonic and operatic orchestras and made numerous recordings.\nCurrently, he is general music director of La Scala in Milan, the Berlin State Opera, and the Staatskapelle Berlin; he previously served as Music Director of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra and the Orchestre de Paris. Barenboim is also known for his work with the West-Eastern Divan Orchestra, a Seville-based orchestra of young Arab and Israeli musicians, and as a resolute critic of the Israeli occupation of Palestinian territories.\nBarenboim has received many awards and prizes, including an honorary Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire, France's Légion d'honneur both as a Commander and Grand Officier, the German Großes Bundesverdienstkreuz and Willy Brandt Award, and, together with the Palestinian-American scholar Edward Said, Spain's Prince of Asturias Concord Award. He has won seven Grammy awards for his work and discography.
/m/02p10m	Univisión is an American Spanish language broadcast television network that is owned by Univision Communications. The network's programming is aimed at Hispanic and Latino Americans in the United States; its programming includes telenovelas and other drama series, sports, sitcoms, reality and variety series, news programming, and imported Spanish-language feature films. It has one of the largest audience of Spanish-language television viewers in the world, according to Nielsen ratings.\nUnivisión is headquartered in New York City, and has its major studios, production facilities, and operations in the Miami suburb of Doral, Florida, United States. In recent years, the network has reached viewership parity with the U.S.'s five major English-language television networks, and is often a strong fifth, outranking The CW, with some fourth-place weekly placings, and as of 2012, even first place rankings for individual programs over all five English networks due to the network's consistent schedule of new telenovelas all 52 weeks of the year.\nUnivision is available on cable and satellite throughout most of the country, with local stations in over 50 markets with large Hispanic and Latino populations and a national cable network feed distributed in markets without either the availability or the demand for a locally-based station. Most of these stations air full local news and other local programming in addition to network shows, and in major markets such as Los Angeles, New York City and Miami; the local newscasts carried by the network's owned-and-operated stations are equally competitive with their English-language counterparts ratings-wise. Chief operating officer Randy Falco has been in charge of the company since the departure of Univision Communications president and CEO Joe Uva in April 2010.
/m/01585b	A slasher film is a subgenre of horror film, and at times thriller, typically involving a mysterious, generally psychopathic killer stalking and killing a sequence of victims usually in a graphically violent manner, often with a cutting tool such as a knife, an axe, or a chainsaw. Although the term \"slasher\" may be used as a generic term for any horror movie involving graphic acts of murder, the slasher as a genre has its own set of characteristics which set it apart from related genres like the splatter film.
/m/0jm4b	The Orlando Magic are an American professional basketball team based in Orlando, Florida. They are part of the Southeast Division of the Eastern Conference in the National Basketball Association. The franchise was established in 1989 as an expansion franchise, and has had such notable NBA stars such as Shaquille O'Neal, Penny Hardaway, Patrick Ewing, Grant Hill, Tracy McGrady, Steve Francis, Dwight Howard, Vince Carter and Rashard Lewis throughout its young history. The franchise has also been in the playoffs for more than half of their existence. Orlando has been the second most successful of the four expansion teams brought into the league in 1988 and 1989 in terms of winning percentage, after the Miami Heat. They currently are the only team in the major pro sports leagues to play in the city of Orlando. This will change in 2015 when Orlando City Soccer Club, a Major League Soccer expansion franchise, will become the second team and the first MLS team in the state since 2001.
/m/02h0f3	Harry Morgan was a prolific American actor and director whose television and film career spanned six decades. Morgan's major roles included Pete Porter in both December Bride and Pete and Gladys; Officer Bill Gannon on Dragnet; Amos Coogan on Hec Ramsey; and for his starring role as Colonel Sherman T. Potter in M*A*S*H and AfterMASH. Morgan also appeared in more than 100 films.
/m/07nf_4	Christian hardcore refers to hardcore punk bands that promote Christian beliefs. How these bands promote Christianity, and to what extent, varies between bands. Christian hardcore bands often openly state their beliefs and employ Christian imagery in their lyrics, and may be considered a part of the Christian music industry.\nFans of Christian hardcore music are not exclusively believers in the Christian religion. Thanks to some innovators in the hardcore movement such as Extol, Zao, Living Sacrifice, and the hardcore movement in general, the audience has become less exclusive. Though the audience of Christian music has changed over the years, the same underlying message of hope and truth still remains a cornerstone in the lyrics of Christian Hardcore. Hardcore is a sub-genre which evolved from the punk genre in the 1980s. Hardcore is characterized by offbeat rhythms and vocals that follow a fast and driving tempo.
/m/0jm4v	The Philadelphia 76ers are a professional basketball team based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. They play in the Atlantic Division of the Eastern Conference of the National Basketball Association. Founded in 1946 and originally known as the Syracuse Nationals, they are one of the oldest franchises in the NBA, and only one of eight to survive the league's first decade. After their move to Philadelphia in 1963, a contest was held to decide on their new name. The winning name, chosen by Walter Stalberg, was the \"76ers\", as a \"tribute to the gallant men who forged this country's independence\" in 1776.\nThe 76ers have had a rich history, with many of the greatest players in NBA history having played for the organization, including Wilt Chamberlain, Julius Erving, Moses Malone, Charles Barkley, and Allen Iverson. They have won three NBA championships, with their first coming as the Syracuse Nationals in 1955. The second title came in the 1966–67 season, a team which was led by Chamberlain. The third title came in the 1982–83 season, won by a team led by Erving and Malone. They have only been back to the Finals once since then, during the 2001 campaign, led by Iverson, only to lose to the Los Angeles Lakers, 4–1. They won game 1 in OT but lost the next 4.
/m/0btxr	Ashley Judd is an American television and film actress and political activist.\nJudd grew up in a family of successful performing artists as the daughter of country music singer Naomi Judd and the half-sister of Wynonna Judd. While she is best known for an ongoing acting career spanning more than two decades, she has increasingly become involved in global humanitarian efforts and political activism. Judd has had leading roles in such films as Ruby in Paradise, Norma Jean & Marilyn, Kiss the Girls, Double Jeopardy, Where the Heart Is, High Crimes, Dolphin Tale and Dolphin Tale 2. She also starred as Rebecca Winstone in the television series Missing in 2012. In 2010, she received a Mid-Career master's degree in public administration from Harvard's Kennedy School of Government, a one-year degree rather than the two-year MPA.
/m/0686zv	Dominic Gerard Fe West is an English actor best known for his role as Detective Jimmy McNulty in the HBO drama series The Wire.
/m/0bz5v2	John William Oliver is a British comedian, political satirist and actor. He is best known in America for his work on The Daily Show with Jon Stewart and the satirical comedy podcast The Bugle.\nHe plays a recurring character, Professor Ian Duncan, on the television series Community. He has worked extensively with Andy Zaltzman; their body of work includes hundreds of hours of satirical podcasts and radio broadcasts, including series such as Political Animal, The Department, and The Bugle. In 2013, Oliver spent eight weeks as the guest host of The Daily Show.\nHaving left The Daily Show at the end of 2013., Oliver will host Last Week Tonight with John Oliver on HBO beginning on Sunday, 27 April 2014.\nOliver is a permanent resident of the United States and lives in New York City.
/m/03gqdq7	The 2008 NFL season was the 89th regular season of the National Football League, themed with the slogan “Believe in Now.”\nSuper Bowl XLIII, the league’s championship game, was at Raymond James Stadium in Tampa, Florida on February 1, 2009, with the Pittsburgh Steelers coming out victorious over the Arizona Cardinals 27–23 and winning their NFL-record sixth Vince Lombardi Trophy.\nConversely, the Detroit Lions became the first NFL team with a winless season since the strike-shortened 1982 NFL season, finishing their season 0–16. For the first time since the NFL expanded to the sixteen game season in 1978, three teams won two or fewer games: the Lions, the Kansas City Chiefs and the St. Louis Rams. Previously two teams won two or fewer games in 1979, 1981, 1985, 1992 and 2001.\nThe regular season began on September 4 with the defending Super Bowl champion New York Giants defeating the Washington Redskins 16–7, and concluded with the 2009 Pro Bowl on February 8, 2009 in Honolulu.
/m/024qk1	The Communist Party of India (Marxist) is a communist party in India. The party emerged from a split from the Communist Party of India in 1964. The strength of CPI is concentrated in the states of Kerala, West Bengal and Tripura. As of 2013, CPI is leading the state government in Tripura. It also leads the Left Front coalition of leftist parties. As of 2009, CPI claimed to have 1,042,287 members.
/m/02zbjhq	Ki Sung-Yueng is a South Korean professional footballer who currently plays as a central midfielder for Premier League club Sunderland, on loan from Swansea City, and the South Korea national team.\nKi is known for his vision, technique, long-range passing and shooting, along with his good set-pieces.
/m/05nrg	Oceania, also known as Oceanica, is a region centred on the islands of the tropical Pacific Ocean. Opinions of what constitutes Oceania range from its three subregions of Melanesia, Micronesia, and Polynesia to, more broadly, the entire insular region between Asia and the Americas, including Australasia and the Malay Archipelago. The term is often used more specifically to denote a continent comprising Australia and proximate islands or biogeographically as a synonym for either the Australasian ecozone or the Pacific ecozone.
/m/0l0mk	Santa Cruz is the county seat and largest city of Santa Cruz County, California in the US. As of the 2011 U.S. Census, Santa Cruz had a total population of 60,049. Situated on the northern edge of the Monterey Bay, about 72 mi south of San Francisco, the city is part of the U.S. Census-designated 11-county San Francisco Bay Area Combined Statistical Area but not within the traditional 9-county definition of the San Francisco Bay Area, as it is not in a county that touches the San Francisco Bay. Santa Cruz is counted as part of the Monterey Bay region.\nThe present-day site of Santa Cruz was the location of Spanish settlement beginning in 1791, including Mission Santa Cruz and the pueblo of Branciforte. Following the Mexican–American War of 1846–48, California became the 31st state in 1850. The City of Santa Cruz was chartered in 1866. Important early industries included lumber, gunpowder, lime and agriculture. Late in the 19th century, Santa Cruz established itself as a beach resort community. Santa Cruz is now known for its moderate climate, the natural beauty of its coastline such as at Natural Bridges State Beach, redwood forests, alternative community lifestyles, and socially liberal leanings. It is also home to the University of California, Santa Cruz, a premier research institution and educational hub, as well as the Santa Cruz Beach Boardwalk, an oceanfront amusement park operating continuously since 1907.
/m/02yy88	Sludge metal or sludgecore is a subgenre of heavy metal that melds elements of doom metal and hardcore punk and sometimes incorporates influences from grunge and noise rock. Sludge metal is typically harsh and abrasive; often featuring shouted or screamed vocals, heavily distorted instruments and sharply contrasting tempos. While the style was anticipated by the Melvins from Washington, many of its earliest pioneers were from the city of New Orleans.
/m/02qrwjt	The Genie Award for Best Achievement in Art Direction/Production Design is awarded by the Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television to the best Canadian film art direction/production design.
/m/0j4q1	Bedford is the county town of Bedfordshire, in the East of England. It is the administrative centre for the wider Borough of Bedford. According to the former Bedfordshire County Council's estimates, the town had a population of 80,000 in mid-2005, with 19,720 in the adjacent town of Kempston. The Bedford Built-up Area which includes Kempston, Elstow and Biddenham forms the 69th largest Urban Area in England and Wales with a population of 106,940. The wider borough, including a rural area, had a population of 153,000.
/m/04v8h1	The Alamo is a 1960 American historical epic film about the 1836 Battle of the Alamo directed by John Wayne and starring Wayne as Davy Crockett. The picture also stars Richard Widmark as Jim Bowie and Laurence Harvey as William B. Travis, and the supporting cast features Frankie Avalon, Chill Wills, Patrick Wayne, Linda Cristal, Joseph Calleia, Ruben Padilla, Richard Boone as Sam Houston, Ken Curtis, Hank Worden, and Denver Pyle. The movie was photographed in 70 mm Todd-AO by William H. Clothier and released by United Artists.
/m/0c921	Billy Wilder was an Austrian-born American filmmaker, screenwriter, producer, artist and journalist, whose career spanned more than 50 years and 60 films. He is regarded as one of the most brilliant and versatile filmmakers of Hollywood's golden age. Wilder is one of only five people to have won Academy Awards as producer, director and screenwriter for the same film.\nWilder became a screenwriter in the late 1920s while living in Berlin. After the rise of the Nazi Party, Wilder, who was Jewish, left for Paris, where he made his directorial debut. He moved to Hollywood in 1933, and in 1939 he had a hit when he co-wrote the screenplay for the screwball comedy Ninotchka. Wilder established his directorial reputation with Double Indemnity, a film noir he co-wrote with mystery novelist Raymond Chandler. Wilder earned the Best Director and Best Screenplay Academy Awards for the adaptation of a Charles R. Jackson story The Lost Weekend, about alcoholism. In 1950, Wilder co-wrote and directed the critically acclaimed Sunset Boulevard.\nFrom the mid-1950s on, Wilder made mostly comedies. Among the classics Wilder created in this period are the farces The Seven Year Itch and Some Like It Hot, satires such as The Apartment, and the drama comedy Sabrina. He directed fourteen different actors in Oscar-nominated performances. Wilder was recognized with the American Film Institute Life Achievement Award in 1986. In 1988, Wilder was awarded the Irving G. Thalberg Memorial Award. In 1993, he was awarded the National Medal of Arts.
/m/04kxsb	Best Actor in a Leading Role is a British Academy Film award presented annually by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts to recognize an actor who has delivered an outstanding leading performance in a film.
/m/0407yj_	Cars 2 is a 2011 American computer-animated action comedy spy film produced by Pixar Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures. The film is the sequel to the 2006 film Cars. In the film, race car Lightning McQueen and tow truck Mater head to Japan and Europe to compete in the World Grand Prix, but Mater becomes sidetracked with international espionage. The film is directed by John Lasseter, co-directed by Brad Lewis, written by Ben Queen, and produced by Denise Ream.\nCars 2 was released in the United States on June 24, 2011. The film was presented in Disney Digital 3D and IMAX 3D, as well as traditional two-dimensional and IMAX formats. The film was first announced in 2008, alongside Up, Newt, and Brave, and it is the 12th animated film from the studio. Even though the film received mixed reviews from critics, breaking the studio's streak of critical success, it ranked No. 1 on its opening weekend in the U.S. and Canada with $66,135,507 and topping international success of such previous Pixar works as Toy Story, A Bug's Life, Toy Story 2, Monsters, Inc., Cars, and WALL-E.
/m/04z1v0	Psychedelic folk, psych folk or acid folk is a loosely defined form of psychedelic music that originated in the 1960s through the fusion of folk music and psychedelic rock. It retained the largely acoustic instrumentation of folk, but added musical influences common to psychedelic rock and the psychedelic experience.
/m/0c57yj	Mumford is a 1999 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Lawrence Kasdan. It is set in a small town where a new psychologist gives offbeat advice to the neurotic residents. Both the psychologist and the town are named Mumford, a coincidence that eventually figures in the plot. The film co-stars Hope Davis, Jason Lee, Alfre Woodard, Mary McDonnell, Martin Short, David Paymer, Pruitt Taylor Vince, Ted Danson and Zooey Deschanel.
/m/0mwds	Schuylkill County is a county in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. As of the 2010 census, the population was 148,289. The county seat is Pottsville. It takes its name from the Schuylkill River, which rises in the county.\nSchuylkill County is located in the heart of the anthracite Coal Region of Pennsylvania. It was created on March 1, 1811 from parts of Berks, Northampton, and Northumberland Counties and named for the Schuylkill River.
/m/02278y	Anti-folk is a music genre that takes the earnestness of politically charged 1960s folk music and subverts it. The defining characteristics of this anti-folk are difficult to identify, as they vary from one artist to the next. Nonetheless, the music tends to sound raw or experimental; it also generally mocks seriousness and pretension in the established mainstream music scene.
/m/044bn	Joseph Cheshire Cotten, Jr. was an American film, stage and television actor. Cotten achieved prominence on Broadway, starring in the original stage productions of The Philadelphia Story and Sabrina Fair. He first gained worldwide fame in the Orson Welles films Citizen Kane, The Magnificent Ambersons, and Journey into Fear, for which Cotten was also credited with the screenplay. He went on to star in such popular films as Shadow of a Doubt, Duel in the Sun, Love Letters, Portrait of Jennie and The Third Man.
/m/01mf49	Newburgh is a city located in Orange County, New York, United States, 60 miles north of New York City, and 90 miles south of Albany, on the Hudson River. Newburgh is a principal city of the Poughkeepsie–Newburgh–Middletown metropolitan area, which includes all of Dutchess and Orange counties. The Newburgh area was first settled in the early 18th century by the Germans and British. During the American Revolution, Newburgh served as the headquarters of the Continental Army. Prior to its chartering in 1865, the city of Newburgh was part of the town of Newburgh; the town now borders the city to the north and west. East of the city is the Hudson River; the city of Beacon, New York is east of the river, and is connected to Newburgh via the Newburgh–Beacon Bridge. The entire southern boundary of the city is with the town of New Windsor. Most of this boundary is formed by Quassaick Creek.
/m/0d1y7	Clark County is a county located in Southern Nevada. As of the 2010 census, the population was 1,951,269, with an estimated population of 2,000,759 in 2012. It is the most populous county in the state of Nevada, accounting for nearly three-quarters of its residents. Las Vegas, Nevada's most populous city, has been the county seat since the county was created.\nThe county was formed by the Nevada Legislature by splitting off a portion of Lincoln County on February 5, 1909, and came into existence on July 1, 1909. The Las Vegas Valley, a 600 sq mi basin, includes Las Vegas as well as the other primary population center, the unincorporated community of Paradise.\nMuch of the county was originally part of Pah-Ute County, Arizona Territory before Nevada became a state. The county was named for William Andrews Clark, a Montana copper magnate and U.S. Senator. Clark was largely responsible for the construction of the Los Angeles and Salt Lake Railroad through the area, a factor heavily contributing to the region's early development.\nClark County is today known as a major tourist destination, with 150,000 hotel and motel rooms. The Las Vegas Strip, home to most of the hotel-casinos known to many around the world, is located not within the City of Las Vegas, but in unincorporated Paradise.
/m/026dx	David Keith Lynch is an American film director, television director, visual artist, musician and occasional actor. Known for his surrealist films, he has developed his own unique cinematic style, which has been dubbed \"Lynchian\", a style characterized by its dream imagery and meticulous sound design. The surreal, and in many cases, violent, elements contained within his films have been known to \"disturb, offend or mystify\" audiences.\nBorn to a middle-class family in Missoula, Montana, Lynch spent his childhood traveling around the United States, before going on to study painting at the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts in Philadelphia, where he first made the transition to producing short films. Deciding to devote himself more fully to this medium, he moved to Los Angeles, where he produced his first motion picture, the surrealist horror Eraserhead. After Eraserhead became a cult classic on the midnight movie circuit, Lynch was employed to direct The Elephant Man, from which he gained mainstream success. Then being employed by the De Laurentiis Entertainment Group, he proceeded to make two films: the science-fiction epic Dune, which proved to be a critical and commercial failure, and then a neo-noir crime film, Blue Velvet, which was critically acclaimed.
/m/030cx	Friends is an American sitcom created by David Crane and Marta Kauffman, which originally aired for ten seasons on NBC from September 22, 1994 to May 6, 2004. It revolves around a circle of friends living in Manhattan, a borough of New York City. The series was produced by Bright/Kauffman/Crane Productions, in association with Warner Bros. Television. The original executive producers were Kevin S. Bright, Marta Kauffman, and David Crane, with numerous others being promoted in later seasons.\nKauffman and Crane began developing Friends under the title Insomnia Cafe between November and December 1993. They presented the idea to Bright, with whom they had previously worked, and together they pitched a seven-page treatment of the series to NBC. After several script rewrites and changes, including a second title change to Friends Like Us, the series was finally named Friends and premiered on NBC's coveted Thursday 8:30 pm time slot. Filming for the series took place at Warner Bros. Studios in Burbank, California in front of a live studio audience. The series finale, airing on May 6, 2004, was watched by around 52.5 million American viewers, making it the fourth most watched series finale in television history and the most watched episode of the decade.
/m/027b9j5	The London Film Critics Circle Award for Actor of the Year in an annual award given by the London Film Critics Circle.
/m/0677ng	Kasseem Dean, better known by his stage name Swizz Beatz, is an American hip hop recording artist, record producer, and composer from New York City, New York. Born and raised in The Bronx, he began his music career as a disc jockey and has since added rapper, record executive, creative director, fashion designer and painter to his repertoire. At the age of 16, he gained recognition in the hip hop industry through his friendship and work with East Coast rapper DMX and the Ruff Ryders Entertainment record label. He later found a protégé in Philadelphia-based rapper Cassidy, who's success helped the launch of Dean's label, Full Surface Records. Dean has so far released two of his albums under the label; the first, a compilation titled Swizz Beatz Presents G.H.E.T.T.O. Stories, released in 2002 and his debut studio album One Man Band Man, released in 2007.\nAbout.com ranked him #27 on its list of the \"Top 50 Greatest Hip-Hop Producers,\" while The Source placed him on its list of the \"20 greatest producers\" in the magazine's 20-year history. Fellow American rapper and music producer Kanye West, has also praised Dean, calling him \"the best rap producer of all time.\" Dean is married to American R&B singer-songwriter Alicia Keys, with whom he has one child. He has also fathered three other children, including one with ex-wife American R&B singer-songwriter Mashonda and another with English singer-songwriter and producer Jahna Sebastian.
/m/03d96s	Cash Money Records is an American record label founded by brothers Bryan \"Birdman\" Williams and Ronald \"Slim\" Williams, who currently act as CEOs. Today, it operates as a subsidiary of Universal Music Group, and is distributed by Republic Records, formerly Universal Republic. The label currently includes artists such as Lil Wayne, Drake, Tyga, Nicki Minaj, Ace Hood, Busta Rhymes, DJ Khaled, Jay Sean, Kevin Rudolf, Limp Bizkit, and Mystikal among others.
/m/02d9nr	Punahou School, once known as Oahu College, is a private, co-educational, college preparatory school located in Honolulu CDP, City and County of Honolulu in the U.S. State of Hawaii. With about 3,760 students attending the school, in kindergarten through the twelfth grade, it is the largest independent school in the United States.\nFounded in 1841, the school has a rich history, a wide variety of programs and many notable alumni. Along with academics and athletics, Punahou offers visual and performing arts programs. In 2006, Punahou School was ranked as the \"greenest\" school in America. The student body is diverse, with student selection based on both academic and non-academic considerations. In 2008 and 2009, Punahou's sports program was ranked best in the country by Sports Illustrated. Its most famous alumnus, Barack Obama, graduated from the school in 1979.\nU.S. President Barack Obama graduated from Punahou in 1979.
/m/0mk_3	Fond du Lac County is a county located in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of the 2010 census, the population was 101,633. Its county seat is Fond du Lac. Fond du Lac is French for \"end of the lake\", so given because of the county's location.\nFond du Lac County comprises the Fond du Lac, WI Metropolitan Statistical Area.\nThe Holyland region is located in northeastern Fond du Lac County.
/m/0dgrwqr	Red State is a 2011 American independent action-horror film, written and directed by Kevin Smith, starring John Goodman, Melissa Leo and Michael Parks.\nFor months, Smith had maintained that the rights to the film would be auctioned off to a distributor at a controversial event to be held after its premiere at the Sundance Film Festival, but instead Smith purchased the film himself, which, according to John Horn of Los Angeles Times, \"might have been a difficult sale for any distributor\". Smith originally planned to self-distribute the picture under the SModcast Pictures banner with a traveling show in select cities, before officially releasing the movie on October 19, 2011. Kevin Smith listed Mel Gibson as his inspiration for how he planned to distribute this movie, citing Gibson's The Passion of the Christ as an example of a successfully self-distributed movie.\nOn June 28, 2011, Smith announced a one-week run in Quentin Tarantino's New Beverly Cinema. The film was released via video on demand on September 1, 2011 through Lionsgate, was released in select theaters again for a special one-night only engagement on September 23, 2011, and was released on home video October 18, 2011.
/m/049fcd	Modena Football Club is an Italian football club based in Modena, Emilia-Romagna. The club was founded in 1912 and has spent the majority of its existence playing in Serie B, as it currently does after being relegated in 2004 after a two-year stint in Serie A.
/m/0bq4j6	Alex Gibney is an American documentary film director and producer. In 2010, Esquire magazine said Gibney \"is becoming the most important documentarian of our time\".\nHis works as director include We Steal Secrets: The Story of Wikileaks, Mea Maxima Culpa: Silence in the House of God, Enron: The Smartest Guys in the Room; Client 9: The Rise and Fall of Eliot Spitzer; Casino Jack and the United States of Money; and Taxi to the Dark Side, focusing on an innocent taxi driver in Afghanistan who was tortured and killed at Bagram Air Force Base in 2002.
/m/03wbzp	John Marcum Wells is an American theater, film and television producer, writer and director.\nHe is best known for his role as executive producer and showrunner of the television series ER, Third Watch, The West Wing, and Shameless. His company, John Wells Productions, is currently based at Warner Bros. studios in Burbank, California. Wells is also a labor leader, and was elected president of the Writers Guild of America, West in 2009, after serving a prior term in that office from 1999 to 2001.
/m/0151b0	The triangle is an idiophone type of musical instrument in the percussion family. It is a bar of metal, usually steel but sometimes other metals like beryllium copper, bent into a triangle shape. The instrument is usually held by a loop of some form of thread or wire at the top curve. It was first made around the 16th century.
/m/07657k	C♯ is a multi-paradigm programming language encompassing strong typing, imperative, declarative, functional, procedural, generic, object-oriented, and component-oriented programming disciplines. It was developed by Microsoft within its .NET initiative and later approved as a standard by Ecma and ISO. C♯ is one of the programming languages designed for the Common Language Infrastructure. C# is built on the syntax and semantics of C++, allowing C programmers to take advantage of .NET and the common language runtime.\nC♯ is intended to be a simple, modern, general-purpose, object-oriented programming language. Its development team is led by Anders Hejlsberg. The most recent version is C♯ 5.0, which was released on August 15, 2012.
/m/026wlnm	The Duke Blue Devils men's basketball team is the college basketball program representing Duke University in the Atlantic Coast Conference of NCAA Division I. The team has the fourth-highest number of all-time wins of any NCAA men's basketball program and is coached by Mike Krzyzewski.\nDuke has won 4 NCAA championships and appeared in 10 Championship Games and 15 Final Fours, and has an NCAA-best .750 NCAA tournament winning percentage. 11 Duke players have been named the National Player of the Year, and 71 players have been selected in the NBA Draft. In the 2008–2009 NBA season, Duke had more former players on NBA rosters than any other school. Additionally, Duke has 36 players named All-Americans and 14 Academic All-Americans. Duke has been the Atlantic Coast Conference Champions a record 19 times. The program also lays claim to 19 ACC regular season titles. Prior to joining the ACC, Duke won the Southern Conference championships five times. Duke has also finished the season ranked No. 1 in the AP poll seven times and is second, behind only UCLA, in total weeks ranked as the number one team in the nation by the AP with 121 weeks. Additionally, the Blue Devils have the second longest streak in the AP Top 25 in history with 200 consecutive appearances from 1996 to 2007, trailing only UCLA's 221 consecutive polls from 1966–1980. As a result of such success, ESPN, in 2008, named Duke the most prestigious college basketball program since the 1985-86 season, noting that \"by any measure of success, Duke is king of the hill in college basketball in the 64-team era of the NCAA tournament.\" Since that designation, Duke won another national title in 2010.
/m/03nqbvz	Samuel Alexander \"Sam\" O'Steen was an American film editor and director. He had an extended, notable collaboration with the director Mike Nichols, with whom he edited twelve films between 1966 and 1994. Among the notable films that O'Steen edited were Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf, Cool Hand Luke, The Graduate, Rosemary's Baby, and Chinatown.
/m/02yr3z	La Salle University is a private, co-educational, Roman Catholic university located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, U.S. Named for St. Jean-Baptiste de La Salle, the university was founded in 1863 by the Institute of the Brothers of the Christian Schools. The university offers traditional, online, and hybrid courses and programs. As of 2008 the university has approximately 7,554 students, about 63% of whom are undergraduates. Located in northwestern Philadelphia, the university is affiliated with the Roman Catholic Church through the Archdiocese of Philadelphia. The comprehensive cost for a year of tuition is US$42,850.
/m/0_7z2	Easton is a city in Northampton County, Pennsylvania, United States. The city's population was 26,800 as of the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Northampton County. Easton is located at the confluence of the Delaware River and the Lehigh River, roughly 55 miles north of Philadelphia and 70 miles west of New York City.\nEaston is the easternmost city in the Lehigh Valley, a region of 731 square miles that is home to more than 800,000 people. Together with Allentown and Bethlehem, the Valley embraces the Allentown-Bethlehem-Easton, PA-NJ metropolitan area, including Lehigh, Northampton, and Carbon counties within Pennsylvania, and Warren County in the adjacent state of New Jersey. Easton is the smallest of the three Lehigh Valley cities, with approximately one-fourth of the population of the largest Lehigh Valley city, Allentown. In turn, this metropolitan area comprises Pennsylvania's third-largest metropolitan area and the state's largest and most populous contribution to the greater New York City Metropolitan Area.\nThe city is split up into four sections: Historic Downtown, which lies directly to the north of the Lehigh River, to the west of the Delaware River, continuing west to Sixth Street; The West Ward, which lies between Sixth and Fifteenth Streets; The South Side, which lies south of the Lehigh River; and College Hill, a neighborhood on the hills to the north which is the home of Lafayette College. The boroughs of Wilson, West Easton, and Glendon are also directly adjacent to the city; the first and largest of which, Wilson, partially aligns in the same North-South Grid as the city of Easton.
/m/02cjlk	Lookout Records was an independent record label based in Berkeley, California focusing on punk rock.
/m/02114t	Scarlett Johansson is an American actress, model and singer. She made her film debut in North and was later nominated for the Independent Spirit Award for Best Female Lead for her performance in Manny & Lo, garnering further acclaim and prominence with roles in The Horse Whisperer and Ghost World. She shifted to adult roles with her performances in Girl with a Pearl Earring and Sofia Coppola's Lost in Translation, for which she won a BAFTA award for Best Actress in a Leading Role; both films earned her Golden Globe Award nominations as well. A role in A Love Song for Bobby Long earned Johansson her third Golden Globe for Best Actress nomination. Johansson garnered another Golden Globe nomination for Best Supporting Actress with her role in Woody Allen's Match Point. She has played the Marvel comic book character Black Widow/Natasha Romanoff in Iron Man 2 and The Avengers, and is set to reprise the role in Captain America: The Winter Soldier and Avengers: Age of Ultron. The 2010 Broadway revival of Arthur Miller's A View From the Bridge won Johansson the Tony Award for Best Performance by a Featured Actress in a Play. As a singer, Johansson has released two albums, Anywhere I Lay My Head and Break Up.
/m/010bnr	Laredo is the county seat of Webb County, Texas, United States, located on the north bank of the Rio Grande in South Texas, across from Nuevo Laredo, Tamaulipas, Mexico. According to the 2010 census, the city population was 236,091 making it the tenth most populous city in the state of Texas and 3rd most populated on the United States-Mexican border, after San Diego and El Paso. Its metropolitan area is the 178th-largest United States metropolitan area and covers all of Webb county, with a population of 250,304. Laredo is part of the Laredo-Nuevo Laredo Metropolitan Area with an estimate population of 636,516.\nLaredo's economy is based on international trade with Mexico. Most major transportation companies have a facility in Laredo. The city's location on the southern end of I-35 close to the manufacturers in northern Mexico promotes its vital role in trade between the two nations. Laredo International Airport is within the Laredo city limits, while the Quetzalcoatl International Airport is nearby in Nuevo Laredo on the Mexican side.\nLaredo has the distinction of flying seven flags. Founded in 1755, Laredo grew from a villa to the capital of the brief Republic of the Rio Grande to the largest inland port on the United States-Mexican Border. Today, it has four international bridges and one railway bridge.
/m/061fhg	Comedy rock is rock music mixed with comedy, often satire and parody.
/m/016t0h	A-ha was a Norwegian pop band formed in Oslo in 1982. The band was founded by Morten Harket, Magne Furuholmen and Pål Waaktaar. The group initially rose to fame during the mid-1980s after being discovered by musician and producer John Ratcliff, and had continued global success in the 1990s and 2000s.\nA-ha achieved their biggest success with their debut album, Hunting High and Low, in 1985. That album peaked at number 1 in their native Norway, number 2 in the UK, and number 15 on the U.S. Billboard album chart; yielded two international number-one singles, \"Take on Me\" and \"The Sun Always Shines on T.V.\"; and earned the band a Grammy Award nomination as Best New Artist. In the UK, Hunting High and Low continued its chart success into the following year, becoming one of the best-selling albums of 1986. In 1994, after their fifth studio album, Memorial Beach, failed to achieve the commercial success of their previous albums, the band went on a hiatus.\nFollowing a performance at the Nobel Peace Prize Concert in 1998, the band returned to the studio and recorded their sixth album, 2000's Minor Earth Major Sky, which was another number-one hit in Norway and resulted in a new tour. A seventh studio album, Lifelines, was released in 2002, and an eighth album, Analogue, in 2005, was certified Silver in the UK — their most successful album there since 1990's East of the Sun, West of the Moon. Their ninth album, Foot of the Mountain, was first released on 19 June 2009 and returned the band to the UK Top 5 for the first time since 1988, being certified Silver there and Platinum in Germany. The album peaked at number 2 in Norway. On 15 October 2009, the band announced they would split after a worldwide tour in 2010, the Ending on a High Note tour. Thousands of fans from at least 40 different countries on six continents congregated to see A-ha for the last time.
/m/02qk2d5	The Arizona Wildcats basketball team is the intercollegiate men's basketball program representing the University of Arizona in Tucson, Arizona, United States. The team competes in the Pacific-12 Conference of NCAA Division I. They are currently coached by Sean Miller.\nArizona has a long and rich basketball history. The program came to national prominence under the tutelage of former head coach Lute Olson, who since 1983 has established the program as among America's elite in college basketball. One writer referred to UA as \"Point Guard U\" because the school has produced successful guards like Steve Kerr, Sean Elliott, Damon Stoudamire, Khalid Reeves, Jason Terry, Gilbert Arenas, Mike Bibby, Jerryd Bayless and others.\nFrom 1985 to 2009, the Arizona basketball team reached the NCAA Tournament for 25 consecutive years, two years shy of North Carolina's record of 27. Despite a 1999 appearance later vacated by the NCAA, the media still cites Arizona's streak, and simply note the change. The Wildcats have reached the Final Four of the NCAA Tournament on four occasions. In 1997, Arizona defeated the University of Kentucky, the defending national champions, to win the NCAA National Championship. In Pac-10 play, former head coach Lute Olson currently holds the record for most wins as a Pac-10 coach at 327. In addition, the team has won 12 Pac-10 regular season titles and 4 Pac-10 tournament titles. Arizona also holds the distinction of recording 5 out of the 7 17–1 Pac-10 seasons. No team has gone undefeated since the formation of the Pac-10. Arizona has spent 110 weeks in the top 5 which is 10th all-time, 226 weeks in the top 10 which is 8th all-time and 423 weeks in the top 25 which is 10th all-time.
/m/033g54	The Armenia national football team represents Armenia in association football and is controlled by the Football Federation of Armenia, the governing body for football in Armenia. After the split of the Soviet Union, the team played its first international match on October 12, 1992. Armenia's home ground is the Republican Stadium in Yerevan and their head coach is Bernard Challandes. The national team has participated in the qualification of every major tournament from the UEFA Euro 1996 onwards, though they are yet to qualify for the knockout stage in either a UEFA European Football Championship or a FIFA World Cup. In what was the Armenian national squads greatest success at present, the team came in third place in the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying stage, with controversial officiating preventing them from achieving second place, and hence moving on to the final tournament.
/m/018r_v	The Chakri Dynasty is the current ruling royal house of the Kingdom of Thailand, the Head of the house is the King of Thailand. The dynasty has ruled Thailand since the founding of the Ratthanakosin era and the city of Bangkok in 1782 following the end of King Taksin of Thonburi's reign, when the capital of Siam shifted to Bangkok. The Royal house was founded by King Buddha Yodfa Chulaloke, an Ayutthayan military leader of Sino-Mon descent.\nPrior to the founding of the dynasty, King Buddha Yodfa Chulaloke, held the title of Chao Pharaya Chakri for over ten years. This title was held by the greatest warlords of Ayuthaya and was meant to reflect the prowess of the holder on the battlefield. In the founding of the dynasty King Rama I himself chose both name and emblem for the dynasty. The Chakri which provides both name and emblem to the house of Chakri, is composed of the discus and the trident, the celestial weapon of the God Narayana of whom the Siamese king is seen as a personification. The coined name Chakri thus denotes the transcending force of divine strength and stability upon the physical realm. The current Head of the Dynasty is King Bhumibol Adulyadej since 1946, the Heir Apparent to the headship is Crown Prince Maha Vajiralongkorn. The House's dynastic seat is the Grand Palace in Bangkok.
/m/0n5j7	Camden County is a county located in the U.S. state of New Jersey. Its county seat is Camden. As of the 2010 Census, the population was 513,657, having increased by 4,725 from the 508,932 counted in the 2000 Census, retaining its position as the state's eighth-most populous county. The most populous place was Camden, with 77,344 residents at the time of the 2010 Census, while Winslow Township covered 58.19 square miles, the largest total area of any municipality.\nIt was formed on March 13, 1844, from portions of Gloucester County. The county was named for Charles Pratt, 1st Earl Camden, a British judge, civil libertarian, and defender of the American cause.\nThe county is part of the Camden, NJ Metropolitan Division of the Philadelphia-Camden-Wilmington, PA-NJ-DE-MD / Delaware Valley Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/02qvyrt	The Anthony Asquith Award for Film Music is an annual award given by British Academy of Film and Television Arts. With seven wins out of fifteen nominations, John Williams is both the most nominated and most awarded in this category. Ennio Morricone is the only composer to win in consecutive years; for The Mission in 1986 and The Untouchables in 1987. Morricone also has the highest \"perfect score\", with five wins from five nominations.
/m/0d9y6	Lexington is the second-largest city in Kentucky and the 62nd largest in the United States. Known as the \"Horse Capital of the World\", it is located in the heart of Kentucky's Bluegrass region. In the 2012 US Census Estimate, the city's population was 305,489, anchoring a metropolitan area of 472,099 people and a combined statistical area of 687,173 people.\nLexington ranks tenth among US cities in college education rate, with 39.5% of residents having at least a bachelor's degree. It is the location of the Kentucky Horse Park, The Red Mile and Keeneland race courses, Rupp Arena, the world's largest basketball-specific arena, Transylvania University, the University of Kentucky and Bluegrass Community & Technical College.
/m/0fv6dr	Marc Ellis Joseph is an English footballer who plays for Witton Albion as a defender. He is an Antigua and Barbuda international.
/m/05hj0n	Kathleen Denise Quinlan is an American actress, mostly seen on television and in motion pictures.
/m/04zn7g	Christopher Shannon \"Chris\" Penn was an American film and television actor known for his roles in such films as The Wild Life, Reservoir Dogs, The Funeral, Footloose, Rush Hour, True Romance, All the Right Moves and Pale Rider and in the video game Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas.
/m/056wb	John Michael Crichton, MD was an American best-selling author, physician, producer, director, and screenwriter, best known for his work in the science fiction, medical fiction, and thriller genres. His books have sold over 200 million copies worldwide, and many have been adapted into films. In 1994 Crichton became the only creative artist ever to have works simultaneously charting at No. 1 in television, film, and book sales.\nHis literary works are usually based on the action genre and heavily feature technology. His novels epitomize the techno-thriller genre of literature, often exploring technology and failures of human interaction with it, especially resulting in catastrophes with biotechnology. Many of his future history novels have medical or scientific underpinnings, reflecting his medical training and science background. He was the author of, among others, The Andromeda Strain, Jurassic Park, Congo, Travels, Sphere, Rising Sun, Disclosure, The Lost World, Airframe, Timeline, Prey, State of Fear, Next, Pirate Latitudes, and a final unfinished techno-thriller, Micro, which was published in November 2011.
/m/0p0cw	Boulder County is the sixth most populous of the 64 counties of the state of Colorado of the United States. The most populous municipality in the county and the county seat is the City of Boulder. The United States Office of Management and Budget has designated Boulder County as the Boulder, CO Metropolitan Statistical Area, a component of the Denver-Aurora-Boulder, CO Combined Statistical Area.\nThe United States Census Bureau that the county population was 294,567 in 2010 census. This was a 8.4% gain between 2010 and 2000, but a gain of 3.95% since 2000 excluding the area transferred to the City and County of Broomfield. Boulder Metropolitan Statistical Area is the 161st most populous metropolitan statistical area in the United States.\nThe Boulder MSA together with the Denver-Aurora MSA, and the Greeley MSA comprise the Denver-Aurora-Boulder Combined Statistical Area.
/m/02496r	County Monaghan is a county in Ireland. It is part of the Border Region and is in the province of Ulster. It is named after the town of Monaghan. Monaghan County Council is the local authority for the county. The population of the county is 60,483 according to the 2011 census.
/m/031296	Julie Bowen Luetkemeyer, better known by her stage name Julie Bowen, is an American actress. She is best known for playing Carol Vessey on Ed, Denise Bauer on Boston Legal, and Claire Dunphy on the sitcom Modern Family. The latter earned her four nominations for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series, winning in 2011 and 2012.\nBowen has also appeared in films such as Happy Gilmore, Multiplicity, Venus and Mars, Joe Somebody, Kids in America, Sex and Death 101, Crazy on the Outside, Jumping the Broom, and Horrible Bosses.
/m/051ls	Maastricht is a town and a municipality in the Southeast of the European country the Netherlands. It is the capital city in the province of Limburg.\nMaastricht is located on both sides of the Meuse river, at the point where the Jeker River joins it.\nIn history Maastricht developed from a Belgic settlement, that in the Gallic Wars was conquered by the Romans and thus became a Roman settlement, to a religious centre, a garrison city and an early industrial city. Nowadays, it is known as a city of especially culture and education. Maastricht's rich history shows from the fact that in this town no less than 1677 national heritage sites are located, which is the second highest amount in a Dutch town, after Amsterdam. Furthermore, it has become known, by way of the Maastricht Treaty, as the birthplace of the European Union, European citizenship, and the single European currency, the euro. The town is popular with tourists for shopping and recreation, and has a large growing international student population. Maastricht is a member of the Most Ancient European Towns Network and is part of the Meuse-Rhine Euroregion, which includes nearby cities Aachen, Eupen, Hasselt, Liège and Tongeren.
/m/0_9wr	Scent of a Woman is a 1992 American drama directed and produced by Martin Brest that tells the story of a preparatory school student who takes a job as an assistant to an irascible, blind, medically retired Army officer. The film stars Al Pacino, Chris O'Donnell, James Rebhorn, Philip Seymour Hoffman, and Gabrielle Anwar. It is a remake of Dino Risi's 1974 Italian film Profumo di donna.\nAdapted by Bo Goldman from the novel Il buio e il miele by Giovanni Arpino and from the 1974 screenplay by Ruggero Maccari and Dino Risi, the film was directed by Martin Brest.\nPacino won the Academy Award for Best Actor for his performance and the film was nominated for Best Director, Best Picture and Best Adapted Screenplay.\nThe film won three major awards at the Golden Globe Awards: Best Adapted Screenplay, Best Actor and Best Motion Picture – Drama.\nThe film was shot primarily around New York state. Portions of the movie were filmed on location at Princeton University in Princeton, New Jersey; at the Emma Willard School, an all-girls school in Troy, New York; and at the Ethical Culture Fieldston School in New York City.
/m/0n5j_	Bergen County is the most populous county of the state of New Jersey, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, its population was 905,116, an increase of 20,998 from the 884,118 enumerated in the 2000 Census, Located in the northeastern corner of New Jersey, Bergen County is part of the New York City Metropolitan Area and is situated directly across the George Washington Bridge from Manhattan. Its county seat is Hackensack, also its most populous place with 43,010 residents at the time of the 2010 Census, while Mahwah covered 26.19 square miles, the largest total area of any municipality. The county hosts a park system totaling nearly 9,000 acres.\nBergen County, as of the 2000 Census, was the 25th-wealthiest county in the United States by median family income at $78,079, 21st in per-capita income at $33,638 and 18th nationwide in percentage of households earning more than $150,000. The Bureau of Economic Analysis ranked the county as having the 20th-highest per capita income of all 3,113 counties in the United States as of 2009. By 2012, the median household income in Bergen County had increased to $84,255.
/m/0bszz	The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. They are members of the Atlantic Division in the Eastern Conference of the National Hockey League. The club's official name is le Club de hockey Canadien. French nicknames for the team include Les Canadiens, Le Bleu-Blanc-Rouge, La Sainte-Flanelle, Le Tricolore, Les Glorieux, Les Habitants, Le CH and Le Grand Club. In English, the team's main nickname is the Habs, an abbreviation of \"Les Habitants\".\nFounded in 1909, the Canadiens are the longest continuously operating professional ice hockey team and the only existing NHL club to predate the founding of the NHL, as well as one of the oldest North American sports franchises. The franchise is one of the \"Original Six\" teams, a description used for the teams that made up the NHL from 1942 until the 1967 expansion. The team's championship season in 1992–93 was the last time a Canadian team won the Stanley Cup.\nThe Canadiens have won the Stanley Cup more times than any other franchise. They have won 24 championships, 22 of them since 1927, when NHL teams became the only ones to compete for the Stanley Cup. On a percentage basis, as of 2010, the franchise has won 25% of all Stanley Cup championships contested after the Challenge Cup era, making it one of the most successful professional sports teams of the traditional four major sports of Canada and the United States.
/m/0mm0p	Lewis County is a county located in the State of Washington. As of the 2010 census, the population was 75,455. The county seat is Chehalis, and its largest city is Centralia.\nThe county is named after Meriwether Lewis. Lewis County is known for sharing many characteristics with eastern Washington instead of western Washington, where it is located, especially politically. Lewis County was created on December 19, 1845, by the provisional government of Oregon Territory.
/m/065vxq	Victory Records is a Chicago-based record label founded by Tony Brummel. It is a privately held corporation. It also operates a music publishing company called \"Another Victory, Inc.\" and is the distributor of several smaller independent record labels.\nVictory Records has deals with major music distributors, which include Best Buy, Amazon, Trans World, Hot Topic and more. Music by bands signed to Victory Records can be purchased on iTunes; a few Victory albums have also been released on the Australian iTunes.\nVictory Records has had mixed relationships with some of their artists, including Streetlight Manifesto, Thursday, Hawthorne Heights, and A Day to Remember.
/m/0fsmy	Tashkent is the capital of Uzbekistan and of the Tashkent Province. The officially registered population of the city in 2012 was about 2,309,300.
/m/03xpsrx	John Joseph Corbett, Jr. is an American actor and country music singer. He is best known for playing Chris Stevens on Northern Exposure from 1990 to 1995; and Aidan, Carrie Bradshaw's boyfriend, on Sex and the City—a role which he reprised for the series movie sequel Sex and the City 2. He also played the leading male role opposite Nia Vardalos in Vardalos's hit film, My Big Fat Greek Wedding. He starred in United States of Tara as Max Gregson, and has appeared on NBC dramedy Parenthood as Seth Holt. Aside from acting, Corbett has released two country albums.
/m/01x7jb	Imperial Records is a United States based label started in 1947 by Lewis Robert Chudd and reactivated in 2006 by EMI which owned the label and back catalogue at that time. The current label owner is Universal Music Group.
/m/02bfxb	Frances Rosemary \"Fran\" Walsh, Lady Jackson MNZM, is a screenwriter, film producer and lyricist. She is the life-partner of filmmaker Peter Jackson. They have two children - Billy and Katie.\nFran Walsh has contributed to all of Jackson's films since 1989: as co-writer since Meet the Feebles, and as producer since The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring. She won three Academy Awards in 2003, for Best Picture, Best Adapted Screenplay and Best Original Song, all for The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King. She has received a total of seven Oscar nominations.
/m/03qzj4	The Tampa Bay Area is the region of west central Florida adjacent to Tampa Bay. Definitions of the region vary. It is often considered equivalent to the Tampa–St. Petersburg–Clearwater Metropolitan Statistical Area defined by the United States Census Bureau.\nA wider definition is adopted by other entities, including state agencies like Enterprise Florida and the Florida Department of Transportation, and the Tampa Bay Partnership, a not-for-profit organization created to promote economic growth in the region. These entities include additional nearby counties. According to the Tampa Bay Partnership the Greater Tampa Bay Region contains 4 million residents. The Tampa Bay Partnership and U.S. Census data showed an average annual growth of 2.47 percent, or a gain of approximately 97,000 residents per year between 2000 and 2006. The combined Greater Tampa Bay region experienced a combined growth rate of 14.8 percent, growing from 3.4 million to 3.9 million and hitting the 4 million mark on April 1, 2007, in the continuous Tampa Bay urban area. A 2012 estimate of the Tampa Bay Area shows a population of about 4,310,524 people and a 2017 projection of about 4,536,854.
/m/082_p	Wystan Hugh Auden, who published as W. H. Auden, was an Anglo-American poet, born in England, later an American citizen, and is regarded by many critics as one of the greatest writers of the 20th century. His work is noted for its stylistic and technical achievement, its engagement with moral and political issues, and its variety in tone, form and content. The central themes of his poetry are love, politics and citizenship, religion and morals, and the relationship between unique human beings and the anonymous, impersonal world of nature.\nAuden grew up in and near Birmingham in a professional middle-class family and read English literature at Christ Church, Oxford. His early poems from the late 1920s and early 1930s, written in an intense and dramatic tone and in a style that alternated between telegraphic modern and fluent traditional, established his reputation as a left-wing political poet and prophet. In the late 1930s he became uncomfortable in this role and abandoned it after he moved to the United States in 1939, where in 1946 he became an American citizen. In his poems from the 1940s he explored religious and ethical themes in a less dramatic manner than in his earlier works, and combined traditional forms and styles with new, original forms. The focus of many of his poems from the 1950s and 1960s was on the ways in which words revealed and concealed emotions. Auden took a particular interest in writing opera librettos, a form ideally suited to direct expression of strong feelings.
/m/0cx6f	Bebop or bop is a style of jazz characterized by fast tempo, instrumental virtuosity, and improvisation based on the combination of harmonic structure and melody. It was developed in the early and mid-1940s. It first surfaced in musicians' argot some time during the first two years of American involvement in the Second World War. This style of jazz ultimately became synonymous with modern jazz, as either category reached a certain final maturity in the 1960s.
/m/0fb2l	Marillion are a British rock band, formed in Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire, England, in 1979. They are known as the most successful band to emerge from the United Kingdom's 1980s neo-progressive rock scene, having sold more than 15 million albums.\nTheir recorded studio output since 1982 is composed of seventeen albums generally regarded in two distinct eras, delineated by the departure of original frontman Fish in late 1988, and the subsequent arrival of replacement Steve Hogarth in early 1989. The band achieved eight top ten UK albums between 1983 and 1994, including a Number One album in 1985 with Misplaced Childhood, and during the period the band were fronted by Fish they scored eleven Top 40 hits on the UK Singles Chart, including 1985's \"Kayleigh\", which reached No. 2 and became their biggest hit single. The first album released with Hogarth, 1989's Seasons End, was a hit, and albums continued to chart well until their departure from EMI following the release of their 1996 live album Made Again and the dissipation of the band's mainstream popularity in the late 1990s; save for a resurgence in the mid- to late-2000s, they have essentially been a cult act since then. Marillion have achieved a further twelve Top 40 hit singles in the UK with Hogarth, including 2004's \"You're Gone\", which charted at No. 7 and is the biggest hit of his tenure. The band continue to tour internationally, and were ranked 38th in Classic Rock's \"50 Best Live Acts of All Time\" in 2008.
/m/027s4dn	Miss Golden Globe is an annual title awarded by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association. The honoree, traditionally the daughter of a celebrity, assists in the Association's Golden Globe Awards.
/m/05jx17	Association Sportive Nancy-Lorraine is a French association football club based in Nancy. The club was founded in 1967 and currently play in Ligue 2, the second level of French football. Nancy plays its home matches at the Stade Marcel Picot in Tomblaine, a commune located in the Arrondissement of Nancy.\nNancy was founded as the successor to FC Nancy, which collapsed in 1965. The club has spent its entire life playing in either Ligue 1 or Ligue 2. Nancy has never won the first division, but has won the second division on four occasions. Nancy's biggest achievement came in 1978 when the club won the Coupe de France defeating Nice in the final. The club has also won the Coupe de la Ligue in 2006. Nancy is presided over by Jacques Rousselot. Rousselot serves as a vice-president of the French Football Federation and is also a member of the federation's Federal Council.\nOne of the club's most notable players is Michel Platini. Platini began his career at the club in 1972 and playing eight seasons with Nancy. He scored the only goal in the aforementioned Coupe de France final and won two French Player of the Year awards in while playing with the club. Platini also established himself as a French international while at the club and went on to achieved numerous team and individual accolades after his departure from Nancy. He is considered to be, arguably, the club's greatest player ever and, upon entering the section of the club's official website which shows Nancy's greatest players, a picture of a young Platini is displayed.
/m/025twgf	Dr. No is a 1962 British spy film, starring Sean Connery; it is the first James Bond film. Based on the 1958 novel of the same name by Ian Fleming, it was adapted by Richard Maibaum, Johanna Harwood, and Berkely Mather and was directed by Terence Young. The film was produced by Harry Saltzman and Albert R. Broccoli, a partnership that would continue until 1975.\nIn the film, James Bond is sent to Jamaica to investigate the disappearance of a fellow British agent. The trail leads him to the underground base of Dr. Julius No, who is plotting to disrupt an early American manned space launch with a radio beam weapon. Although the first of the Bond books to be made into a film, Dr. No was not the first of Fleming's novels, Casino Royale being the debut for the character; however, the film makes a few references to threads from earlier books.\nDr. No was produced with a low budget and was a financial success. While critical reaction was mixed upon release, the film over time gained a reputation as one of the series' best instalments. The film was the first of a successful series of 23 Bond films. Dr. No also launched a genre of \"secret agent\" films that flourished in the 1960s. The film also spawned a spin-off comic book and soundtrack album as part of its promotion and marketing.
/m/073hkh	The 61st Academy Awards ceremony, organized by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, honored the best films of 1988 and took place on Wednesday March 29, 1989, at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles, beginning at 6:00 p.m. PST/ 9:00 p.m. EST. During the ceremony, AMPAS presented Academy Awards in 23 categories. The ceremony, televised in the United States by ABC, was produced by Allan Carr and directed by Jeff Margolis. Ten days earlier, in a ceremony held at the Beverly Hills Hotel in Beverly Hills, California, the Academy Awards for Technical Achievement were presented by host Angie Dickinson.\nRain Man won four awards, including Best Actor for Dustin Hoffman, Best Director for Barry Levinson, and Best Picture. Other winners included Who Framed Roger Rabbit, with four awards; Dangerous Liaisons, with three awards; and The Accused, The Accidental Tourist, A Fish Called Wanda, The Appointments of Dennis Jennings, Beetlejuice, Bird, Hôtel Terminus: The Life and Times of Klaus Barbie, The Milagro Beanfield War, Mississippi Burning, Pelle the Conqueror, Tin Toy, Working Girl, and You Don't Have to Die with one each. The telecast garnered almost 43 million viewers in the United States.
/m/0f8j13	Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas is a 1998 American dark comedy film co-written and directed by Terry Gilliam, starring Johnny Depp as Raoul Duke and Benicio del Toro as Dr. Gonzo. It was adapted from Hunter S. Thompson's 1971 novel of the same name.\nThe film was a box office failure, grossing US$10.6 million at the North American box office, well below its $18.5 million budget. It has since become a cult film due in large part to its release on DVD, including a Special Edition released by The Criterion Collection.
/m/01rwyq	Malcolm X is a 1992 American biographical drama film about the African-American activist Malcolm X. Directed and co-written by Spike Lee, the film stars Denzel Washington, Angela Bassett, Albert Hall, Al Freeman, Jr., and Delroy Lindo. Lee has a supporting role as Shorty, a character based partially on real-life acquaintance Malcolm \"Shorty\" Jarvis, a fellow criminal and jazz trumpeter. Black Panther Party co-founder Bobby Seale, the Rev. Al Sharpton, and future South Africa president Nelson Mandela have cameo appearances.\nThe film dramatizes key events in Malcolm X's life: his criminal career, his incarceration, his conversion to Islam, his ministry as a member of the Nation of Islam and his later falling out with the organization, his marriage to Betty X, his pilgrimage to Mecca and reevaluation of his views concerning whites, and his assassination on February 21, 1965. Defining childhood incidents, including his father's death, his mother's mental illness, and his experiences with racism are dramatized in flashbacks.\nMalcolm X's screenplay, co-credited to Lee and Arnold Perl, is based largely on Alex Haley's 1965 book, The Autobiography of Malcolm X. Haley collaborated with Malcolm X on the book beginning in 1963 and completed it after Malcolm X's death.
/m/06qn87	Geoffrey Unsworth, OBE, BSC was a British cinematographer who worked on nearly 90 feature films spanning over more than 40 years.\nAfter working as a camera operator on films for Michael Powell and Emeric Pressburger, Unsworth made his debut as cinematographer on the documentary feature The People's Land in 1941.\nBorn in Leigh, Lancashire in 1914, died in Brittany, France in 1978.
/m/016gp5	Reading Football Club is an English professional football club, based in Reading, that plays in the Championship. The club competed in the 2012–13 Premier League season, having gained promotion at the end of the 2011–12 season, after winning the Championship. Reading is competing in the Championship again this season having been relegated after one year back in the top flight.\nReading are nicknamed The Royals, due to Reading's location in the Royal County of Berkshire, though they were previously known as The Biscuitmen, due to the town's association with Huntley & Palmers. Established in 1871, the club is one of the oldest teams in England, but did not join The Football League until 1920, and had never played in the top tier of English football league system before the 2006–07 season.\nThe club played at Elm Park for 102 years between 1896 to 1998. The club moved in 1998 to the new Madejski Stadium, which is named after the club's chairman Sir John Madejski.\nThe club holds the record for the number of successive league wins at the start of a season, with a total of 13 wins at the start of the 1985–86 Third Division campaign and also the record for the number of points gained in a professional league season with 106 points in the 2005–06 Football League Championship campaign. Reading finished eighth in their first ever season as a top flight club.
/m/02qpt1w	Vicky Cristina Barcelona is a 2008 romantic comedy-drama film written and directed by Woody Allen. The plot centers on two American women, Vicky and Cristina, who spend a summer in Barcelona where they meet an artist, Juan Antonio, who is attracted to both of them while still enamored with his mentally and emotionally unstable ex-wife María Elena. The film was shot in Spain in Barcelona, Avilés and Oviedo, and was Allen's fourth consecutive film shot outside of the United States.\nThe film premiered at the 2008 Cannes Film Festival, then received a rolling worldwide general release that started on August 15, 2008, in the U.S., and continued in various countries until its June 2009 release in Japan. The film was nominated for four Golden Globe Awards, including nominations for Bardem, Hall and Cruz in the Actor, Actress and Supporting Actress categories, and won the award for Best Motion Picture - Musical or Comedy. Cruz won both the Academy Award and BAFTA Award for Actress in a Supporting Role. Altogether, the film won 25 out of 56 nominations.
/m/016t00	John Mellencamp, also known as John Cougar Mellencamp, is an American rock singer-songwriter, musician, painter and occasional actor known for his catchy, populist brand of heartland rock which emphasizes traditional instrumentation. He has sold over 40 million albums worldwide and has amassed 22 Top 40 hits in the United States. In addition, he holds the record for the most tracks by a solo artist to hit number-one on the Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart, with seven, and has been nominated for 13 Grammy Awards, winning one. His latest album, No Better Than This, was released on August 17, 2010 to widespread critical acclaim.\nMellencamp is also one of the founding members of Farm Aid, an organization that began in 1985 with a concert in Champaign, Illinois to raise awareness about the loss of family farms and to raise funds to keep farm families on their land. The Farm Aid concerts have remained an annual event over the past 28 years, and as of 2014 the organization has raised over $45 million to promote a strong and resilient family farm system of agriculture.\nMellencamp was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame on March 10, 2008. His biggest musical influences are Bob Dylan, Woody Guthrie, James Brown and The Rolling Stones. Said longtime Rolling Stone contributor Anthony DeCurtis: \"Mellencamp has created an important body of work that has earned him both critical regard and an enormous audience. His songs document the joys and struggles of ordinary people seeking to make their way, and he has consistently brought the fresh air of common experience to the typically glamour-addled world of popular music.\"
/m/05nqq3	Vivekananthan born 19 November 1961 is an Indian film actor and comedian of the Tamil film industry. He has won four Filmfare Best Comedian Awards for his performances in Run, Saamy, Perazhagan and Sivaji respectively. In April 2009, Vivek received the Padma Shri award by the Government of India for his contribution to the arts. He was introduced to filmdom by renowned director K. Balachander.
/m/0n5jm	Burlington County is a county located in the U.S. state of New Jersey. The county seat is Mount Holly Township. As of the 2010 United States Census, the population was 448,734, an increase of 25,340 from the 423,394 enumerated in the 2000 Census, retaining its position as the 11th-most populous county in the state. The most-populous place was Evesham Township, with 45,538 residents at the time of the 2010 Census, while Washington Township covered 102.71 square miles, the largest total area of any municipality. The Bureau of Economic Analysis ranked the county as having the 158th-highest per capita income of all 3,113 counties in the United States as of 2009.\nAnglo-European records of Burlington County date to 1681, when its court was established in the Province of New Jersey. The county was formed on May 17, 1694, \"by the union of the first and second Tenths.\" The county was named for the Bridlington, a town in England. The county seat had been in Burlington but, as population increased in the interior, away from the Delaware River, a more central location was needed, and the seat of government was moved to Mount Holly in 1793.
/m/064xm0	A music video director is a director of music videos. The director conceives of a video's artistic and dramatic aspects while instructing the musical act, technical crew, actors, models, and dancers. This may or may not be in collaboration with the musical act.\nIn November 1992, MTV began listing directors with the artist, song, and record company credits, reflecting the fact that music videos had increasingly become an auteur's medium. \"The case for the director as music video author is strong. It is the music video director who has principal control of everything that is added to the preexisting recorded sound text.\" Directors, including Michel Gondry, Spike Jonze, and F. Gary Gray, have gone on to direct feature films, continuing a trend that had begun earlier with directors such as Lasse Hallström and David Fincher. The most expensive video of all time was directed by Mark Romanek: Michael and Janet Jackson's \"Scream\", which cost $7 million to produce. In 2003, Spike Jonze, Chris Cunningham, and Michel Gondry founded the Directors Label.\nMelina Matsoukas says that expensive equipment is not necessary for a quality video and one should never think that way: \"A good video has the right visuals, a well conceptualised story and should be exciting and elicit reaction.\"
/m/025twgt	From Russia with Love is the second James Bond film made by Eon Productions and the second to star Sean Connery as the fictional MI6 agent James Bond. Released in 1963, the film was produced by Albert R. Broccoli and Harry Saltzman, and directed by Terence Young. It is based on the 1957 novel of the same name by Ian Fleming. In the film, James Bond is sent to assist in the defection of Soviet consulate clerk Tatiana Romanova in Turkey, where SPECTRE plans to avenge Bond's killing of Dr. No.\nFollowing the success of Dr. No, United Artists approved a sequel and doubled the budget available for the producers. In addition to filming on location in Turkey, the action scenes were shot at Pinewood Studios in Buckinghamshire and in Scotland. Production ran over budget and schedule, and had to rush to finish by its scheduled October 1963 release date. From Russia with Love was a critical and commercial success, taking over $78 million in worldwide box office receipts, more than its predecessor Dr. No.
/m/0k5fg	It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World is a 1963 American epic comedy film, produced and directed by Stanley Kramer and starring Spencer Tracy with an all-star cast, about the madcap pursuit of $350,000 in stolen cash by a diverse and colorful group of strangers. The ensemble comedy premiered on November 7, 1963. The cast features Edie Adams, Milton Berle, Sid Caesar, Buddy Hackett, Ethel Merman, Mickey Rooney, Phil Silvers, Terry-Thomas and Jonathan Winters.\nThe film marked the first time that Kramer had directed and produced a comedy film; he's best known for directing drama films about social problems. His first attempt at a comedy film paid off immensely well, as It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World became a stunning critical and commercial success in 1963 and went on to win an Academy Award and be nominated for five additional Academy Awards and two Golden Globe Awards. Despite all of it, the film had gone through severe edits from its studio, United Artists, for a shorter running time for its general release, against Kramer's wishes. The lost footage had been severely deteriorated and damaged throughout the decades and it was once thought that it was too destroyed to be rescued or it was lost forever.
/m/0143hl	The University of Bath is a campus university located in Bath, United Kingdom. It received its Royal Charter in 1966.\nAccording to 2013 National Student Survey the University of Bath was ranked 1st for student satisfaction out of more than 150 UK higher education institutions. In The Times and The Sunday Times Good University Guide 2014 the University was awarded the title of \"Best Campus University in Britain\".\nBath was awarded the title of ‘University of the Year 2011/12’.\nIn the latest Research Assessment Exercise released in December 2008, two thirds of Bath's individual subject submissions are ranked in the top ten nationally, including over a third in the top five.\nThe university is a member of the Association of Commonwealth Universities, the Association of MBAs, the European Quality Improvement System, the European University Association, and Universities UK. Until 30 October 2012, it was also a member of the 1994 Group.
/m/0bl06	The Greatest Show on Earth is a 1952 American drama film produced and directed by Cecil B. DeMille, shot in Technicolor, and released by Paramount Pictures. Set in the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus, the film stars Betty Hutton and Cornel Wilde as trapeze artists competing for the center ring, and Charlton Heston as the circus manager running the show. James Stewart also stars as a mysterious clown who never removes his make-up, even between shows, while Dorothy Lamour and Gloria Grahame play supporting roles.\nIn addition to the film actors, the real Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey's Circus' 1951 troupe appears in the film, with its complement of 1400 people, hundreds of animals, and 60 carloads of equipment and tents. The actors learned their respective circus roles and participated in the acts. The film's storyline is supported by lavish production values, actual circus acts, and documentary, behind-the-rings looks at the massive logistics effort which made big top circuses possible.\nThe film won Academy Awards for Best Picture and Best Story, and was nominated for Best Costume Design, Best Director, and Best Film Editing. It also won Golden Globe Awards for Best Cinematography, Best Director, and Best Motion Picture - Drama. Adjusted for inflation, the film's box office is among the highest-grossing films in the United States and Canada.
/m/0352gk	The \"The Baltimore City College\", also referred to as \"The Castle on the Hill,\" and most commonly, \"City\", or \"B.C.C.\" is a public high school located in northeast Baltimore, Maryland. The City College curriculum includes the International Baccalaureate Programme and emphasizes study in the classics, humanities and liberal arts. The Baltimore City College is a magnet school and admission is competitive. Applicants from Baltimore City and the surrounding area of counties are evaluated for admission using a cumulation of academic grades and standardized test scores.\nEstablished in 1839 as originally as an all-male institution, City College is listed among the oldest high schools in the United States, traditionally as the third oldest public high school in continuous use in America. The school has been located in seven different buildings in downtown Baltimore over its 174 years before relocating on April 10, 1928, to its current building. The \"Castle\" sits on the highest hilltop in Baltimore in the northeast section of the City, overlooking the downtown skyline to the south on an expansive, tree-shaded 38-acre campus with numerous athletic fields and a football grandstand on the south and west sides at 33rd Street and The Alameda.
/m/014dq7	Truman Streckfus Persons, known as Truman Capote, was an American author, screenwriter and playwright, many of whose short stories, novels, plays, and nonfiction are recognized literary classics, including the novella Breakfast at Tiffany's and the true crime novel In Cold Blood, which he labeled a \"nonfiction novel.\" At least 20 films and television dramas have been produced of Capote novels, stories and plays.\nCapote rose above a childhood troubled by divorce, a long absence from his mother, and multiple migrations. He had discovered his calling as a writer by the age of 11, and for the rest of his childhood he honed his writing ability. Capote began his professional career writing short stories. The critical success of one story, \"Miriam\", attracted the attention of Random House publisher Bennett Cerf, and resulted in a contract to write the novel Other Voices, Other Rooms. Capote earned the most fame with In Cold Blood, a journalistic work about the murder of a Kansas farm family in their home, a book Capote spent four years writing, with much help from Harper Lee, who wrote To Kill a Mockingbird. A milestone in popular culture, In Cold Blood was the peak of Capote's literary career; it was to be his final fully published book. In the 1970s, he maintained his celebrity status by appearing on television talk shows.
/m/0frq6	Pork is the culinary name for meat from the domestic pig. It is one of the most commonly consumed meats worldwide, with evidence of pig husbandry dating back to 5000 BC.\nPork is eaten both freshly cooked and preserved. Curing extends the shelf life of the pork products. Hams, smoked pork, gammon, bacon and sausage are examples of preserved pork. Charcuterie is the branch of cooking devoted to prepared meat products, many from pork.\nPork is a popular meat in the Western world, and is very common in Chinese cuisine. The religions of Judaism and Islam, as well as several Christian denominations, forbid pork. It remains illegal in several Muslim countries. Raw or undercooked pork may contain trichinosis, but advances in food hygiene have caused a decrease in cases.
/m/07ftc0	Daniel Yin-Cho Wu is a Hong Kong American actor, director and producer. Since his film debut in 1998, he has been featured in over 60 films. Wu has been called \"the young Andy Lau,\" and is known as a \"flexible and distinctive\" leading actor in the Chinese-language film industry.
/m/01j7mr	The Daily Show with Jon Stewart is a parody TV program.
/m/0mgfs	Champagne-Ardenne is one of the 27 regions of France. It is located in the northeast of the country, bordering Belgium, and consists of four departments: Aube, Ardennes, Haute-Marne, and Marne. The region is famous for its sparkling white wine. Its rivers, most of which flow west, include the Seine, the Marne, and the Aisne. The Meuse flows north.
/m/05_61y	Hearts and Minds is a 1974 American documentary film about the Vietnam War directed by Peter Davis. The film's title is based on a quote from President Lyndon B. Johnson: \"the ultimate victory will depend on the hearts and minds of the people who actually live out there\". The movie was chosen as Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature at the 47th Academy Awards presented in 1975.\nThe film premiered at the 1974 Cannes Film Festival. Commercial distribution was delayed in the United States due to legal issues, including a temporary restraining order obtained by one of the interviewees, former National Security Advisor Walt Rostow who had claimed through his attorney that the film was \"somewhat misleading\" and \"not representative\" and that he had not been given the opportunity to approve the results of his interview. Columbia Pictures refused to distribute the picture, which forced the producers to purchase back the rights and release it by other means. The film was shown in Los Angeles for the one week it needed to be eligible for consideration in the 1974 Academy Awards.
/m/02pd1q9	The Kansas Jayhawks football program is the intercollegiate football program of the University of Kansas. The program is classified in the NCAA's Division I, and the team competes in the Big 12 Conference.\nKansas football dates back to 1890 and is one the oldest programs in the nation. Kansas played in the first nationally televised regular season game in in 1952 against TCU. Notable former players include Pro Football Hall of famers Gale Sayers, John Riggins, and Mike McCormack, as well as All-Americans John Hadl, Dana Stubblefield, Bobby Douglass, Nolan Cromwell, Aqib Talib, and Anthony Collins. The Jayhawks have won one BCS bowl game, the 2008 Orange Bowl. The team currently plays in Memorial Stadium which seats 50,071 fans. The stadium opened in 1921, making it the seventh oldest college football stadium in the nation. Charlie Weis is currently the team's head coach.\nKU's all-time record was 576-589–58 after the 2013 season. The program's all-time winning percentage fell below .500 during the 2012 season for the first time since the team finished its first year 1–2 in 1890. Kansas has gone on to appear in 3 major bowl games in their history. 3 Orange Bowls. Winning 1 Orange Bowl in 2008. Along with Iowa, Missouri, Nebraska, and Washington University in St. Louis, Kansas was a charter member of the Missouri Valley Intercollegiate Athletic Association in 1907, which evolved into today's Big Eight Conference. The Big Eight was folded into the Big 12 in 1996, and Kansas is the only member of the original MVIAA that is still part of the Big 12.
/m/02xb2	A film festival is an organised, extended presentation of films in one or more cinemas or screening venues, usually in a single city or region. Increasingly, film festivals show some films outdoors. Films may be of recent date and, depending upon the festival's focus, can include international and domestic releases. Some festivals focus on a specific film-maker or genre or subject matter. A number of film festivals specialise in short films of a defined maximum length. Film festivals are typically annual events.\nThe most well-known film festivals are the Venice Film Festival, the Cannes Film Festival and the Berlin International Film Festival, the latter being the largest film festival worldwide, based on attendance. Venice's festival is the oldest major festival, and the longest continually running one. A 2013 study found 3,000 active films festivals worldwide—active defined as having held an event in the previous 24 months.
/m/0k2h6	Clare College is a constituent college of the University of Cambridge in Cambridge, England.\nThe college was founded in 1326, making it the second-oldest surviving college of the University after Peterhouse. Clare is famous for its chapel choir and for its gardens on \"the Backs\". The current Master is Tony Badger, Paul Mellon Professor of American History.\nClare is consistently one of the most popular Cambridge colleges amongst prospective applicants. As of 2012, it had an endowment of around £65m.
/m/03r8tl	The Filmfare Award for Best Actor is given by Filmfare as part of its annual Filmfare Awards for Hindi films, to recognise a male actor who has delivered an outstanding performance in a leading role. The award was first given in 1954.
/m/022tfp	Sky1 is the flagship BSkyB satellite entertainment channel available in the United Kingdom and Ireland.\nThe channel launched on 26 April 1982 as Satellite Television, and is the oldest non-terrestrial TV channel in the United Kingdom. In the United Kingdom the channel is available on digital satellite via Sky on channel 106 as well as through digital cable via Virgin Media and as well as through IPTV via Sky Go and TalkTalk Plus TV. In Ireland the channel is available on Sky on channel 106, UPC Ireland on channel 114 and Magnet Networks.\nSky1 listings include some very popular broadcasts—many imported from North America—including 24, Touch, The X-Files, Stargate, Caprica, Battlestar Galactica, Bones, Lost, Fringe, Prison Break, House, The Simpsons, Glee, Lie to Me.
/m/0mlzk	Pierce County is a county in the U.S. state of Washington. As of the 2010 Census, the population was 795,225, making it the second-most populous county in Washington behind King County. The county seat and largest city is Tacoma. Formed out of Thurston County on December 22, 1852, by the legislature of Oregon Territory, it was named for U.S. President Franklin Pierce.\nPierce County is notable for being home to the Mount Rainier volcano, the tallest mountain in the Cascade Range. Its most recent recorded eruption was between 1820 and 1854. There is no imminent risk of eruption, but geologists expect that the volcano will erupt again. If this should happen, parts of Pierce County and the Puyallup Valley would be at risk from lahars, lava, or pyroclastic flows. The Mount Rainier Volcano Lahar Warning System was established in 1998 to assist in the evacuation of the Puyallup River valley in case of eruption.\nPierce County is included in the Seattle metropolitan area.
/m/06_sc3	RESIDENT EVIL: EXTINCTION is again based on the wildly popular video game series and picks up where the last film left off. Alice (Milla Jovovich), now in hiding in the Nevada desert, once again joins forces with Carlos Olivera (Oded Fehr) and L.J. (Mike Epps), along with new survivors Claire (Ali Larter), K-Mart (Spencer Locke ) and Nurse Betty (Ashanti) to try to eliminate the deadly virus that threatens to make every human being undead…and to seek justice. Since being captured by the Umbrella Corporation, Alice has been subjected to biogenic experimentation and become genetically altered, with super-human strengths, senses and dexterity. These skills, and more, will be needed if anyone is to remain alive.
/m/032t2z	Richard William \"Rick\" Wright was an English musician, singer and songwriter, best known for his career with Pink Floyd. Wright's richly textured keyboard layers were a vital ingredient and a distinctive characteristic of Pink Floyd's sound. Wright frequently sang harmony and occasionally lead vocals on stage and in the studio with Pink Floyd.\nThough not as prolific a songwriter as his bandmates Roger Waters, Syd Barrett and David Gilmour, he wrote significant parts of the music for classic albums such as Meddle, The Dark Side of the Moon and Wish You Were Here, as well as for Pink Floyd's final studio album The Division Bell.
/m/0blgl	Charles Monroe Schulz, nicknamed Sparky, was an American cartoonist, best known for the comic strip Peanuts. He is widely regarded as one of the most influential cartoonists of all time, cited as a major influence by many later cartoonists. Calvin and Hobbes-creator Bill Watterson wrote in 2007: \"Peanuts pretty much defines the modern comic strip, so even now it's hard to see it with fresh eyes. The clean, minimalist drawings, the sarcastic humor, the unflinching emotional honesty, the inner thoughts of a household pet, the serious treatment of children, the wild fantasies, the merchandising on an enormous scale -- in countless ways, Schulz blazed the wide trail that most every cartoonist since has tried to follow.\"
/m/08nhfc1	\"Crazy Heart stars Jeff Bridges as an aging country music legend wrestling with his loss of fame at the hands of younger protégé. Struggling to make ends meet playing one small gig to the next in the twilight of his career, he finds unlikely inspiration in a small town reporter (Gyllenhaal) and her young son.\"\nQuoting a release by Fox Searchlight.
/m/0jqb8	Sullivan's Travels is a 1941 American comedy film written and directed by Preston Sturges. It is a satire about a movie director, played by Joel McCrea, who longs to make a socially relevant drama, but eventually learns that comedies are his more valuable contribution to society. The film features one of Veronica Lake's first leading roles. The title is a reference to Gulliver's Travels, the famous novel by satirist Jonathan Swift about another journey of self-discovery.\nIn 1990, Sullivan's Travels was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant.\"
/m/02rh1dz	In the context of film and television production, a visual effects art director is responsible for conceptualizing and designing visual effects shots. They are charged with making creative and aesthetic choices for visual effects. Although the role is generally more creative in nature, most directors have a technical background.
/m/03fpg	A game show is a type of Internet, radio, or television programming genre in which contestants, television personalities or celebrities, sometimes as part of a team, play a game which involves answering questions or solving puzzles usually for money and/or prizes. Alternatively, a gameshow can be a demonstrative program about a game. In the former, contestants may be invited from a pool of public applicants. On some shows, contestants compete against other players or another team, while other shows involve contestants playing alone for a good outcome or a high score. Game shows often reward players with prizes such as cash, trips and goods and services provided by the show's sponsor prize suppliers, who in turn usually do so for the purposes of product placement.
/m/03n15_	Swamp pop is a musical genre indigenous to the Acadiana region of south Louisiana and an adjoining section of southeast Texas. Created in the 1950s and early 1960s by teenaged Cajuns and black Creoles, it combines New Orleans-style rhythm and blues, country and western, and traditional French Louisiana musical influences. Although a fairly obscure genre, swamp pop maintains a large audience in its south Louisiana and southeast Texas homeland, and it has acquired a small but passionate cult following in the United Kingdom, northern Europe, and Japan.
/m/0h8d	American Samoa is an unincorporated territory of the United States located in the South Pacific Ocean, southeast of Samoa.\nAmerican Samoa consists of 5 main islands and 2 coral atolls. The largest and most populous island is Tutuila, with the Manuʻa Islands, Rose Atoll, and Swains Island also included in the territory. American Samoa is part of the Samoan Islands chain, located west of the Cook Islands, north of Tonga, and some 300 miles south of Tokelau. To the west are the islands of the Wallis and Futuna group.\nThe 2010 census showed a total population of 55,519 people. The total land area is 76 square miles, slightly more than Washington, D.C. American Samoa is the southernmost territory of the US and one of two US territories south of the Equator. Tuna and tuna products are the main exports, and the main trading partner is the US.
/m/01q415	Larry Jeff McMurtry is an American novelist, essayist, bookseller and screenwriter whose work is predominantly set in either the old West or in contemporary Texas. He is known for his 1975 novel Terms of Endearment, his 1985 Pulitzer Prize-winning novel Lonesome Dove, a historical saga that follows ex-Texas Rangers as they drive their cattle from the Rio Grande to a new home in the frontier of Montana, and for co-writing the adapted screenplay for Brokeback Mountain. Lonesome Dove was adapted into a television miniseries and both the films of Terms of Endearment and Brokeback Mountain won Academy Awards.
/m/01v_0b	Cormac McCarthy is an American novelist, playwright, and screenwriter. He has written ten novels, spanning the Southern Gothic, Western, and post-apocalyptic genres. He won the Pulitzer Prize and the James Tait Black Memorial Prize for Fiction for The Road. His 2005 novel No Country for Old Men was adapted as a 2007 film of the same name, which won four Academy Awards, including Best Picture. For All the Pretty Horses, he won both the U.S. National Book Award and National Book Critics Circle Award. All the Pretty Horses, The Road, and Child of God have also been adapted as motion pictures.\nBlood Meridian was among Time magazine's list of 100 best English-language books published between 1923 and 2005 and placed joint runner-up in a poll taken in 2006 by The New York Times of the best American fiction published in the last 25 years. Literary critic Harold Bloom named him as one of the four major American novelists of his time, alongside Don DeLillo, Thomas Pynchon and Philip Roth, and called Blood Meridian \"the greatest single book since Faulkner’s As I Lay Dying\". In 2010, The Times ranked The Road first on its list of the 100 best fiction and non-fiction books of the past 10 years. McCarthy has been increasingly mentioned as a candidate for the Nobel Prize in Literature.
/m/04xjp	Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra was a Spanish novelist, poet, and playwright. His magnum opus, Don Quixote, considered to be the first modern European novel, is a classic of Western literature, and is regarded amongst the best works of fiction ever written. His influence on the Spanish language has been so great that the language is often called la lengua de Cervantes. He was dubbed El Príncipe de los Ingenios.\nIn 1569, Cervantes moved to Rome where he worked as chamber assistant of Giulio Acquaviva, a wealthy priest who became a cardinal during the following year. By then, Cervantes had enlisted as a soldier in a Spanish Navy infantry regiment and continued his military life until 1575, when he was captured by Algerian corsairs. After five years of slavery he was released on ransom from his captors by his parents and the Trinitarians, a Catholic religious order. He subsequently returned to his family in Madrid.\nIn 1585, Cervantes published a pastoral novel named La Galatea. Because of financial problems, Cervantes worked as a purveyor for the Spanish Armada, and later as a tax collector. In 1597, discrepancies in his accounts of three years previous landed him in the Crown Jail of Seville. In 1605, he was in Valladolid, just when the immediate success of the first part of his Don Quixote, published in Madrid, signaled his return to the literary world. In 1607, he settled in Madrid, where he lived and worked until his death. During the last nine years of his life, Cervantes solidified his reputation as a writer; he published the Novelas ejemplares in 1613, the Journey to Parnassus in 1614, and in 1615, the Ocho comedias y ocho entremeses and the second part of Don Quixote. Carlos Fuentes noted that, \"Cervantes leaves open the pages of a book where the reader knows himself to be written.\"
/m/0333t	Full Metal Jacket is a 1987 war film directed and produced by Stanley Kubrick. The screenplay by Kubrick, Michael Herr and Gustav Hasford was based on Hasford's 1979 novel The Short-Timers. The film stars Matthew Modine, Adam Baldwin, Vincent D'Onofrio, R. Lee Ermey, Dorian Harewood, Arliss Howard, Kevyn Major Howard and Ed O'Ross. The story follows a platoon of U.S. Marines through their training and the experiences of two of the platoon's Marines in the Tet Offensive during the Vietnam War. The film's title refers to the full metal jacket bullet used by infantry riflemen. The film was released in the United States on June 26, 1987.\nThe film received critical acclaim, and an Academy Award nomination for Best Adapted Screenplay for Kubrick, Michael Herr and Gustav Hasford. In 2001, the American Film Institute placed Full Metal Jacket at No. 95 in their \"AFI's 100 Years...100 Thrills\" poll.
/m/06y0xx	Brian Robbins is an American actor, film director, film producer, television director and television producer. He often collaborates with producer Michael Tollin.
/m/03fpx	Grindcore is an extreme genre of music that originated in the early- to mid-1980s. It draws inspiration from some of the most abrasive-sounding music genres – including extreme metal, industrial music, noise music and the more extreme varieties of hardcore punk. Grindcore is characterized by a noise-filled sound that uses heavily distorted, down-tuned guitars, grinding overdriven bass, high speed tempo, blast beats, and vocals which consist of growls and high-pitched shrieks. Early groups like Napalm Death are credited with laying the groundwork for the style. It is most prevalent today in North America and Europe, with popular contributors such as Brutal Truth and Nasum. Lyrical themes range from a primary focus on social and political concerns, to gory subject matter and black humor.\nA trait of grindcore is the \"microsong\". Several bands have produced songs that are only seconds in length. British band Napalm Death holds the Guinness World Record for shortest song ever recorded with the one-second \"You Suffer\". Many bands record simple phrases that may be rhythmically sprawled out across an instrumental lasting only a couple of bars in length.\nA variety of \"microgenres\" have subsequently emerged, often labeling bands according to traits that deviate from regular grindcore, including goregrind, focused on themes of gore, and pornogrind, fixated on pornographic lyrical themes. Other offshoots include noisegrind and electrogrind. Although an influential phenomenon on hardcore punk and other popular genres, grindcore itself remains an underground form of music.
/m/05nmg_	Raja Club Athletic is a sports club with sections in many different disciplines in Casablanca, Morocco. Raja was founded on March 20, 1949 as part of the political struggle against French rule by nationalists who aimed to create a focus for working-class young Moroccans. The club is most well known outside Morocco for its football team.\nIn Morocco, Raja Casablanca is still regarded as the club of the people. For many years it had a reputation of playing entertaining football without winning many trophies. However Raja has evolved recently into a more professional outfit capable of winning trophies at home and abroad. It has become the most powerful club in Morocco.\nRaja Casablanca, who has been crowned domestic champions on ten occasions, was placed in 2000 third in CAF's ranking of African clubs of the last century, finishing behind the Egyptian teams Al Ahly and Zamalek SC.\nRaja Casablanca is the only Moroccan club, and the first African and Arabic team to participate in the FIFA Club World Cup. They competed in the first edition that took place in 2000 in Brazil.
/m/0blg2	The 1948 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XIV Olympiad, were an international multi-sport event which was held in London, England, United Kingdom. After a 12-year hiatus because of World War II, these were the first Summer Olympics since the 1936 Games in Berlin. The 1940 Games had been scheduled for Tokyo, and then for Helsinki; the 1944 Games had been provisionally planned for London. This was the second occasion that London had hosted the Olympic Games, having previously been the venue in 1908. The Olympics again returned to London in 2012, making it the only city to host the games three times.\nThe event came to be known as the Austerity Games because of the economic climate and post-war rationing. No new venues were built for the games, and athletes were housed in existing accommodation instead of an Olympic Village. A record 59 nations were represented by 4,104 athletes, 3,714 men and 390 women, in 19 sport disciplines. Because of their roles as aggressors in World War II, Germany and Japan were not invited to participate; the USSR were invited but chose not to send any athletes. The United States team won the most total medals, 84, and the most gold medals, 38. The host nation won 23 medals, three of them gold.
/m/0h96g	Sigourney Weaver is an American actress. She is known especially for her role of Ellen Ripley in the four Alien films: Alien, Aliens, Alien 3, and Alien Resurrection. Other notable roles include Dana Barrett in Ghostbusters and its sequel Ghostbusters II, Gorillas in the Mist: The Story of Dian Fossey, Working Girl, and Grace Augustine in Avatar.\nHer 1986 Academy Award nomination for Aliens is considered as a landmark in the recognition of science fiction, action, and horror genres, as well as a major step in challenging the gender role in cinema. Weaver progressively received fame for her numerous contributions to the science fiction film history and gained the nickname of \"The Sci-Fi Queen\". She also played the lead role as Secretary of State Elaine Barrish on USA Network's Political Animals miniseries.\nWeaver has been nominated for three Academy Awards: Best Actress for Aliens and Gorillas in the Mist: The Story of Dian Fossey, and Best Supporting Actress for Working Girl. She also won a BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role for The Ice Storm, and Saturn Awards for Aliens and Avatar. She also earned Emmy Award, Drama Desk Award and Tony Award nominations. She has been nominated for seven Golden Globe Awards and won both Best Actress in Drama and Best Supporting Actress in 1988 for Gorillas in the Mist and Working Girl, becoming the first person ever to have won two acting Golden Globe Awards in the same year.
/m/043d4	Franz Joseph Haydn, known as Joseph Haydn, was an Austrian composer, one of the most prolific and prominent of the Classical period. He is often called the \"Father of the Symphony\" and \"Father of the String Quartet\" because of his important contributions to these forms. He was also instrumental in the development of the piano trio and in the evolution of sonata form.\nA lifelong resident of Austria, Haydn spent much of his career as a court musician for the wealthy Esterházy family on their remote estate. Isolated from other composers and trends in music until the later part of his long life, he was, as he put it, \"forced to become original\". At the time of his death, he was one of the most celebrated composers in Europe.\nJoseph Haydn was the brother of Michael Haydn, himself a highly regarded composer, and Johann Evangelist Haydn, a tenor. He was also a friend of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart and a teacher of Ludwig van Beethoven.
/m/0304nh	The View is an American talk show and program that has aired debuting on ABC since August 11, 1997, as part of its daytime programming block. Its concept was conceived by Barbara Walters and Bill Geddie, who additionally serve as its executive producers, and Barbara Walters as co-host.\nThe View has aired seventeen seasons so far and focuses on a panel of five female co-hosts, who discuss a variety of social and political issues. The original panel consisted of Walters, Joy Behar, Star Jones, Debbie Matenopoulos, and Meredith Vieira; the current panel consists of Walters, Whoopi Goldberg, Jenny McCarthy, and Sherri Shepherd. In between said panels, the series has also employed Elisabeth Hasselbeck, Lisa Ling, and Rosie O'Donnell.\nInternational versions of the program are aired in several countries. As of the 2012-13 season, its 16th, The View is the fourth-longest running national daytime talk show in history, behind Live! with Kelly and Michael, The Phil Donahue Show, and The Oprah Winfrey Show.
/m/031zm1	GNK Dinamo Zagreb, commonly referred to as Dinamo Zagreb, or by their nickname Modri are a Croatian football club based in Zagreb. They play their home matches at Stadion Maksimir. They are the most successful club in Croatian football, having won fifteen Croatian championship titles, twelve Croatian Cups and four Croatian Supercups. The club has spent its entire existence in top flight, having been members of the Yugoslav First League from 1946 to 1991, and then the Croatian First League since its foundation in 1992.\nDinamo Zagreb were founded on 9 June 1945 in order to replace the three very popular Zagreb football clubs which had been disbanded following the end of World War II. Dinamo entered the Yugoslav First League in its inaugural 1946–47 season, finishing as runners-up. In their second season in Yugoslav top flight in 1947–48 they finished as Yugoslav champions which was their first major trophy. The club won three more league titles and seven Yugoslav Cups before they left the Yugoslav league in 1991 amid the breakup of Yugoslavia and formation of the Croatian football league system. Dinamo are also the only Croatian club with European silverware, having won the 1966–67 Inter-Cities Fairs Cup by defeating Leeds United in the final. They also finished runners-up in the same competition in 1963 when they lost to Valencia.
/m/01lj_c	The Tony Award for Best Revival of a Musical has been awarded since 1994. Before that time, both plays and musicals were considered together for the Tony Award for Best Revival.\nThe award is given to the best musical play which has already appeared on Broadway in a previous production, or is regarded as being in the common theatrical repertoire.
/m/01vyv9	Larry Martin Hagman was an American film and television actor best known for playing ruthless oil baron J. R. Ewing in the 1980s prime time television soap opera Dallas, and befuddled astronaut Major Anthony \"Tony\" Nelson in the 1960s sitcom I Dream of Jeannie.\nHagman had supporting roles in numerous films, including Fail-Safe, Nixon, and Primary Colors. His television appearances also included guest roles on dozens of shows spanning from the late 1950s up until his death, and a reprisal of his signature role on the 2013 revival of Dallas. He also worked as a producer and director on television.\nHagman was the son of actress Mary Martin. He underwent a life-saving liver transplant in 1995. Although Hagman was a member of a 12-step program, he publicly advocated marijuana as a better alternative to alcohol. He died on November 23, 2012, from complications of acute myeloid leukemia.
/m/0lwyk	Boise State University is a public research institution located in downtown Boise, Idaho, an urbanizing and growing capital city that is the State's center of government, business, technology and health care.\nFounded in 1932 by the Episcopal Church, the university became an independent institution in 1934, and has been awarding baccalaureate and master degrees since 1965. With nearly 23,000 students, Boise State has the largest enrollment of higher education institutions in the state of Idaho.\nBoise State offers 201 degrees in 190 fields of study and has more than 100 graduate programs, including the MBA and MAcc programs in the College of Business and Economics; Masters and PhD programs in the Colleges of Engineering, Arts & Sciences, and Education; and the MPA program in the College of Social Sciences & Public Affairs.\nThe university's athletic teams, the Broncos, participate in NCAA Division I athletics as a member of the Mountain West Conference for most sports. The Wrestling team is an associate member of the Pacific-12 Conference, since the MWC does not sponsor the sport.
/m/02n9k	Anna Eleanor Roosevelt was the longest-serving First Lady of the United States, holding the post from 1933 to 1945 during her husband President Franklin D. Roosevelt's four terms in office. President Harry S. Truman later called her the \"First Lady of the World\" in tribute to her human rights achievements.\nA member of the Roosevelt and Livingston families, Eleanor had an unhappy childhood, suffering the deaths of both parents and one of her brothers at a young age. At 15, she attended Allenwood Academy in London, and was deeply influenced by feminist headmistress Marie Souvestre. Returning to the US, she married her fifth cousin, Franklin Delano Roosevelt, in 1905. The Roosevelts' marriage was complicated from the beginning by Franklin's controlling mother, Sara and after discovering Franklin's affair with Lucy Mercer in 1918, Eleanor resolved to seek fulfillment in a public life of her own. She persuaded Franklin to stay in politics following his partial paralysis from polio, and began to give speeches and campaign in his place. After Franklin's election as Governor of New York, Eleanor regularly made public appearances on his behalf. She had also shaped the role of First Lady during her tenure and beyond.
/m/0m19t	Portishead is a band formed in 1991 in Bristol, England. The band is named after the nearby town of the same name, 8 miles west of Bristol. Portishead consists of Geoff Barrow, Beth Gibbons, and Adrian Utley, while sometimes citing a fourth member, Dave McDonald, an engineer on Dummy and Portishead.
/m/0703j	Shinto, also kami-no-michi, is the indigenous spirituality of Japan and the people of Japan. It is a set of practices, to be carried out diligently, to establish a connection between present-day Japan and its ancient past. Founded in 660 BC, Shinto practices were first recorded and codified in the written historical records of the Kojiki and Nihon Shoki in the 8th century. Still, these earliest Japanese writings do not refer to a unified \"Shinto religion\", but rather to disorganized folklore, history, and mythology. Shinto today is a term that applies to public shrines suited to various purposes such as war memorials, harvest festivals, romance, and historical monuments, as well as various sectarian organizations. Practitioners express their diverse beliefs through a standard language and practice, adopting a similar style in dress and ritual, dating from around the time of the Nara and Heian Periods.\nThe word Shinto was adopted from the written Chinese, combining two kanji: \"shin\", meaning \"spirit\" or kami; and \"tō\", meaning a philosophical path or study. Kami are defined in English as \"spirits\", \"essences\" or \"deities\", that are associated with many understood formats; in some cases being human-like, in others being animistic, and others being associated with more abstract \"natural\" forces in the world. Kami and people are not separate; they exist within the same world and share its interrelated complexity.
/m/04vmp	Mumbai, also known by its former name Bombay, is the capital city of the Indian state of Maharashtra. It is the most populous city in India, and the fifth most populous city in the world, with a total metropolitan area population of approximately 20.5 million. Along with the neighbouring urban areas, including the cities of Navi Mumbai and Thane, it is one of the most populous urban regions in the world. Mumbai lies on the west coast of India and has a deep natural harbour. In 2009, Mumbai was named an alpha world city. It is also the wealthiest city in India, and has the highest GDP of any city in South, West or Central Asia.\nThe seven islands that came to constitute Mumbai were home to communities of fishing colonies. For centuries, the islands were under the control of successive indigenous empires before being ceded to the Portuguese and subsequently to the British East India Company. During the mid-18th century, Bombay was reshaped by the Hornby Vellard project, which undertook reclamation of the area between the seven islands from the sea. Along with construction of major roads and railways, the reclamation project, completed in 1845, transformed Bombay into a major seaport on the Arabian Sea. Bombay in the 19th century was characterized by economic and educational development. During the early 20th century it became a strong base for the Indian independence movement. Upon India's independence in 1947 the city was incorporated into Bombay State. In 1960, following the Samyukta Maharashtra movement, a new state of Maharashtra was created with Bombay as the capital. The city was renamed Mumbai in 1996.
/m/0bv8h2	Bicentennial Man is a 1999 American science fiction comedy/drama family film, starring Robin Williams. Based on the novel The Positronic Man, co-written by Isaac Asimov and Robert Silverberg, which is itself based on Asimov's original novella titled The Bicentennial Man, the plot explores issues of humanity, slavery, prejudice, maturity, intellectual freedom, conformity, sex, love, and mortality. It was directed by Chris Columbus and a co-production between Touchstone Pictures and Columbia Pictures. The title comes from the main character existing to the age of two hundred years, and Asimov's novella was published in the year that the U.S. had its bicentennial.
/m/01qd_r	The University of Colorado Boulder is a public research university located in Boulder, Colorado, United States. It is the flagship university of the University of Colorado system and was founded five months before Colorado was admitted to the union in 1876. According to The Public Ivies: America's Flagship Public Universities, it is considered one of the thirty \"Public Ivy League\" schools.\nIn 2010, the university consisted of nine colleges and schools and offered over 150 academic programs and enrolled 29,952 students. Eleven Nobel Laureates, nine MacArthur Fellows, and 18 astronauts have been affiliated with CU-Boulder as students, researchers, or faculty members in its history. The university received nearly US$454 million in sponsored research in 2010 to fund programs like the Laboratory for Atmospheric and Space Physics, and JILA.\nColorado Buffaloes competes in nine intercollegiate sports in the NCAA Division I Pacific-12 Conference. The Buffaloes have won 26 NCAA championships: 19 in skiing, six total in men's and women's cross country, and one in football. Approximately 1,500 students participate in 34 intercollegiate club sports annually as well.
/m/0cf0s	Kinshasa is the capital and the largest city of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. It is located on the Congo River.\nOnce a site of fishing villages, Kinshasa is now an urban area with a 2013 population of over 9 million. It faces the capital of the neighbouring Republic of Congo, Brazzaville, which can be seen in the distance across the wide Congo River. The city of Kinshasa is also one of the DRC's 11 provinces. Because the administrative boundaries of the city-province cover a vast area, over 90% of the city-province's land is rural in nature, and the urban area only occupies a small section in the far western end of the city-province.\nKinshasa is the third largest urban area in Africa after Cairo and Lagos. It is also the second largest \"francophone\" urban area in the world after Paris, French being the language of government, schools, newspapers, public services and high-end commerce in the city, while Lingala is used as a lingua franca in the street. If current demographic trends continue, Kinshasa should surpass Paris in population around 2020. Kinshasa hosted the 14th Francophonie Summit in October 2012.
/m/01jv_6	The BC Lions are a professional Canadian football team competing in the West Division of the Canadian Football League. Based in Vancouver, British Columbia, the Lions play their home games at BC Place in Downtown Vancouver.\nThe Lions played their first season in 1954, making them the youngest franchise in the CFL, and have played every season since. As such, they are the oldest professional sports franchise in the city of Vancouver and in the province of British Columbia. They have appeared in the League's Grey Cup championship game ten times, winning six of those games, with their most recent championship occurring in 2011.\nThe Lions were the first Western Canadian team to have won the Grey Cup at home, having done so in 1994 and 2011, before Saskatchewan won in 2013, while also becoming the only team to beat an American-based franchise in a championship game, a feat accomplished in the former game. The Lions currently have the second longest active playoff streak, and third longest of all time, having made the playoffs for 17 straight seasons.
/m/0bs5vty	Midnight in Paris is an American 2011 romantic comedy fantasy film written and directed by Woody Allen. Set in Paris, the film follows Gil Pender, a screenwriter, who is forced to confront the shortcomings of his relationship with his materialistic fiancée and their divergent goals, which become increasingly exaggerated as he travels back in time each night at midnight. The movie explores themes of nostalgia and modernism.\nProduced by Spanish group Mediapro and Allen's Gravier Productions, the film stars Owen Wilson, Rachel McAdams, Marion Cotillard, Léa Seydoux, Kathy Bates and Adrien Brody. It premiered at the 2011 Cannes Film Festival and was released in North America in May 2011. The film opened to critical acclaim and has commonly been cited as one of Allen's best films in recent years. In 2012, the film won both the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay and the Golden Globe Awards for Best Screenplay; and was nominated for three other Academy Awards: Best Picture, Best Director, and Best Art Direction. It was shown on Channel 3 on Spanish television with subtitles and won a Goya Award, the Spanish equivalent of an American Academy Award.
/m/0b6k___	The Filmfare Best Director Award is one of the main awards presented given by the annual Filmfare Awards to recognise directors working in the Hindi film Industry. It was first presented in 1954 in the inaugural year.
/m/04f9r2	Michel Colombier was a French composer, songwriter, arranger, and conductor.\nHe wrote the scores of several motion pictures and TV productions. He also wrote chamber music and ballets. With composer Pierre Henry, he wrote music for Messe pour le temps présent, a piece created by choreographer Maurice Béjart in 1967.\nHe was married to Dana Colombier with whom he had two children. He is buried in Westwood Village Memorial Park Cemetery.
/m/0qdzd	A B movie is a low-budget commercial motion picture that is not definitively an arthouse. In its original usage, during the Golden Age of Hollywood, the term more precisely identified a film intended for distribution as the less-publicized, bottom half of a double feature. Although the U.S. production of movies intended as second features largely ceased by the end of the 1950s, the term B movie continued to be used in the broader sense it maintains today. In its post–Golden Age usage, there is ambiguity on both sides of the definition: on the one hand, many B movies display a high degree of craft and aesthetic ingenuity; on the other, the primary interest of many inexpensive exploitation films is prurient. In some cases, both may be true.\nIn either usage, most B movies represent a particular genre—the Western was a Golden Age B movie staple, while low-budget science-fiction and horror films became more popular in the 1950s. Early B movies were often part of series in which the star repeatedly played the same character. Almost always shorter than the top-billed films they were paired with, many had running times of 70 minutes or less. The term connoted a general perception that B movies were inferior to the more handsomely budgeted headliners; individual B films were often ignored by critics.
/m/0bykpk	The Grapes of Wrath is a 1940 drama film directed by John Ford. It was based on John Steinbeck's Pulitzer Prize-winning novel of the same name. The screenplay was written by Nunnally Johnson and the executive producer was Darryl F. Zanuck.\nThe film tells the story of the Joads, an Oklahoma family, who, after losing their farm during the Great Depression in the 1930s, become migrant workers and end up in California. The motion picture details their arduous journey across the United States as they travel to California in search of work and opportunities for the family members.\nIn 1989, this film was one of the first 25 films to be selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant.\"
/m/020x5r	Paul Mazursky is an American film director, screenwriter, and actor. Acclaimed for his dramatic comedies, he has been nominated for five Academy Awards: three times for Best Original Screenplay, once for Best Adapted Screenplay, and once for Best Picture for An Unmarried Woman. Other notable films written and directed by Mazursky include Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice, Harry and Tonto, Moscow on the Hudson, and Down and Out in Beverly Hills.
/m/03wy70	Clarence J. \"Clancy\" Brown III is an American film, television and voice actor. He is known for his live-action roles as Captain Byron Hadley in the award-winning The Shawshank Redemption; The Kurgan in the film Highlander; Brother Justin Crowe in HBO's critically acclaimed Carnivàle and Career Sergeant Zim in Starship Troopers. Brown is most famous for providing the voices of animated characters such as Mr. Eugene H. Krabs in the animated series SpongeBob SquarePants; Lex Luthor throughout various DC projects; Captain Black and Ratso in Jackie Chan Adventures; Otto in Super Robot Monkey Team Hyperforce Go!; Dr. Neo Cortex in the original Crash Bandicoot video games and Savage Opress in Star Wars: The Clone Wars.
/m/0ffgh	Robert Sylvester Kelly, known professionally as R. Kelly, is an American singer-songwriter and record producer. A native of Chicago, Illinois, often referred to as King of R&B, Kelly began performing during the late 1980s and debuted in 1992 with the group Public Announcement. In 1993, Kelly went solo with the album 12 Play. He is known for a collection of major hit singles including \"Bump n' Grind\", \"Your Body's Callin'\", \"I Believe I Can Fly\", \"Gotham City\", \"Ignition\", \"If I Could Turn Back the Hands of Time\", \"The World's Greatest\", \"I'm a Flirt\", and the hip-hopera \"Trapped in the Closet\". In 1998, Kelly won three Grammy Awards out of five nominations for \"I Believe I Can Fly\".\nKelly has written, produced, and remixed songs and albums for many artists, including Aaliyah's 1994 debut album Age Ain't Nothing But a Number. In 1996, Kelly was nominated for a Grammy for writing Michael Jackson's song \"You Are Not Alone\". In 2002 and 2004, Kelly released collaboration albums with rapper Jay-Z and has been a guest vocalist for other hip hop artists like Nas, Sean Combs, and Fat Joe.\nThe Recording Industry Association of America has recognized R. Kelly as one of the best-selling music artists in the United States with 40 million albums sold as well as only the fifth black artist to crack the top 50 of the same list. In March 2011, R. Kelly was named the most successful R&B artist of the last 25 years by Billboard. Kelly has released 12 solo studio albums, sold nearly 100 million albums worldwide making him the most successful R&B male artist of the 1990s.
/m/03qpp9	The Grammy Award for Best Pop Instrumental Album is an award presented at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards, to recording artists for quality instrumental albums in the pop music genre. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position\".\nThe award for Best Pop Instrumental Album was first presented to Joe Jackson in 2001. According to the category description guide for the 52nd Grammy Awards, the award is presented to albums containing \"at least 51% playing time of newly recorded pop instrumental tracks\". Award recipients often include the producers, engineers, and/or mixers associated with the nominated work in addition to the recording artists. In 2005, the producer of a compilation album was the only award recipient.\nAs of 2012, Larry Carlton and Booker T. Jones are the only musicians to receive the award more than once. Larry Carlton shares with the band Spyro Gyra the record for the most nominations with four.
/m/0g34_	The Geelong metropolitan area is the second most populated area in the Australian state of Victoria and the largest non-capital city. Located 75 kilometres south-west of the state capital, Melbourne, the port city is situated around Corio Bay and the Barwon River. The metropolitan area runs from the plains of Lara in the north to the rolling hills of Waurn Ponds to the south, with the bay to the east and hills to the west, an area with an estimated population of 160,891 people. It is the administrative centre for the City of Greater Geelong municipality which covers the urban and surrounding areas and is home to over 181,000 people. An inhabitant of Geelong has been known as a Geelongite, or a Pivotonian, in the past.\nGeelong was named in 1827, with the name derived from the local Wathaurong Aboriginal name for the region, Jillong, thought to mean \"land\" or \"cliffs\". The area was first surveyed in 1838, three weeks after Melbourne. The Post Office was open by June 1840. The first woolstore was erected in this period and it became the port for the wool industry of the Western District. During the gold rush Geelong experienced a brief boom as the main port to the rich goldfields of the Ballarat district. The city then diversified into manufacturing and during the 1860s it became one of the largest manufacturing centres in Australia with its wool mills, ropeworks, and paper mills.
/m/0296vv	Legally Blonde is a 2001 American romantic comedy film directed by Robert Luketic, written by Karen McCullah Lutz and Kirsten Smith, and produced by Marc E. Platt. It is based on a novel by Amanda Brown.\nThe film stars Reese Witherspoon as a sorority girl who struggles to win back her ex-boyfriend by earning a law degree, along with Luke Wilson as a young attorney she meets during her studies, Matthew Davis as her ex-boyfriend, Selma Blair as his new fiancée, Victor Garber and Holland Taylor as law professors, Jennifer Coolidge as a manicurist, and Ali Larter as a fitness instructor that was once her friend accused of murder.\nIn America, the film was released on July 13, 2001, and received generally positive reviews. It was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture: Musical or Comedy and was ranked 29th on Bravo's 2007 list of \"100 Funniest Movies\". For her performance, Witherspoon was nominated for Best Actress – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy and the 2002 MTV Movie Award for Best Female Performance.\nThe film's box-office success led to a 2003 sequel, Legally Blonde 2: Red, White & Blonde, and a 2009 direct-to-DVD spin-off, Legally Blondes. Additionally, Legally Blonde: The Musical premiered on January 23, 2007, in San Francisco and opened in New York City at the Palace Theatre on Broadway on April 29, 2007, starring Laura Bell Bundy. The musical has since closed on Broadway, but opened to very good reviews and box office in London's West End. The large ambitious scores to both feature films were written by Rolfe Kent and were orchestrated by Tony Blondal. They featured a 90-piece orchestra and were recorded at the Sony Scoring Stage in Culver City, CA.
/m/019fc4	Coimbatore, is a city in India. It is the second largest city and urban agglomeration in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu, after Chennai and the sixteenth largest urban agglomeration of India. It is one of the fastest growing tier-II cities in India and a major textile, industrial, commercial, educational, information technology, healthcare and manufacturing hub of Tamil Nadu. Other important industries include software services. It is the capital city in the Kongu Nadu region and is often referred to as the Manchester of South India. The city is located on the banks of the Noyyal River surrounded by the Western Ghats and is administered by the Coimbatore Municipal Corporation. Coimbatore has been ranked 4th among Indian cities in investment climate by CII and ranked 17th among the top global outsourcing cities by Tholons. Coimbatore is the fourth largest metropolis in South India. Coimbatore city is the administrative capital of Coimbatore district.
/m/0dryh9k	Indian people or Indians are people who are citizens of India, which forms a major part of South Asia, containing 17.31% of the world's population. The Indian nationality consists of many regional ethno-linguistic groups, reflecting the rich and complex history of India. India, in its current boundaries, was formed out of a number of predecessors.\nPopulations with Indian ancestry, as a result of emigration, are somewhat ubiquitous, most notably in Southeast Asia, South Africa, Australia, United Kingdom, Middle East and North America. Population estimates vary from a conservative 12 million to 20 million diaspora.
/m/01t04r	Sanctuary Records Group Limited is a record label based in the United Kingdom and a subsidiary of BMG Rights Management. Until June 2007, it was the largest independent record label in the UK and the largest independent music management company in the world. It was also the world's largest independent owners of music intellectual property rights, with over 160,000 songs.
/m/033srr	National Treasure is a 2004 American adventure/heist film produced and released by Walt Disney Pictures. It was written by Jim Kouf, Ted Elliott, Terry Rossio, Cormac Wibberley, and Marianne Wibberley, produced by Jerry Bruckheimer, and directed by Jon Turteltaub. It is the first film in the National Treasure franchise and stars Nicolas Cage, Harvey Keitel, Jon Voight, Diane Kruger, Sean Bean, Justin Bartha, and Christopher Plummer.\nCage plays Benjamin Franklin Gates, a historian and amateur cryptologist searching for a lost treasure of precious metals, jewelry, artwork and other artifacts that was accumulated into a single massive stockpile by looters and warriors over many millennia starting in Ancient Egypt, later rediscovered by warriors who form themselves into the Knights Templar to protect the treasure, eventually hidden by American Freemasons during the American Revolutionary War. A coded map on the back of the Declaration of Independence points to the location of the \"national treasure\", but Gates is not alone in his quest. Whoever can steal the Declaration and decode it first will find the greatest treasure in history.
/m/05f2jk	Thomas Marvin Hatley, professionally known simply as Marvin Hatley, was an American film composer and musical director, best known for his work for the Hal Roach studio from 1929 until 1940.\nHatley wrote many of the musical cues appearing in the Our Gang, Laurel and Hardy, and Charley Chase films. His most memorable composition is \"The Cookoo Song\", which serves as Laurel and Hardy's theme song. He was also the \"player piano\" in The Music Box. His work in Laurel and Hardy's films Way Out West and Block-Heads earned him nominations for the Academy Award for Best Original Score.\nIn 1939, Hatley was fired from the Roach studio. At the insistence of Stan Laurel, however, he did return to score one final Laurel & Hardy film, Saps at Sea. Hatley went on to become a lounge pianist, and often remarked that he earned more money in that career than during his days at the Roach studio.\nMarvin Hatley was a native of Reed, Oklahoma. He died on August 23, 1986 in Hollywood, California.
/m/01tm2s	Palmerston North, commonly referred to by locals as Palmerston, or colloquially Palmy, is the main city of the Manawatu-Wanganui region of the North Island of New Zealand.\nThe city is inland, located in the eastern Manawatu Plains, near the north bank of the Manawatu River. The city is 35 km from the river's mouth and 12 km from the end of the Manawatu Gorge. It is also about 140 km north of the capital, Wellington.\nThe city covers an area of 325.94 square kilometres. The official limits of the city take in rural areas to the south, north-east, north-west and west of the main urban area, extending to the Tararua Ranges; including the town of Ashhurst at the mouth of the Manawatu Gorge, the villages of Bunnythorpe and Longburn in the north and west respectively. Included in the city limits are fertile agricultural areas.\nThe city's population is expected to exceed 85,000, it is the country's seventh largest city and eighth largest urban area. The city is the fourth fastest growing in New Zealand, and is set to break the 100,000 population mark in the near future, qualifying to be a metropolitan area. One million people live within a two-hour drive.
/m/09k0h5	Bandai Namco Holdings Inc., also known as the Bandai Namco Group, is a Japanese holding company formed from the merger of Namco and Bandai. It has interests in toys, video games and arcades, anime, and amusement parks. The new entity was founded on September 29, 2005. The company has its headquarters in Shinagawa, Tokyo.\nBandai Namco Holdings Inc. is a regional holding company that oversees U.S.-based operations. It was officially formed on January 2, 2006 and is located in the former Bandai U.S. headquarters in Cypress, California.
/m/02rxrh	The Scotland national football team represents Scotland in international football and is controlled by the Scottish Football Association. Scotland maintains its own national side that competes in the two major professional tournaments, the FIFA World Cup and the UEFA European Championship. Scotland is not a member of the International Olympic Committee and therefore the national team does not compete in the Olympic Games. The majority of Scotland's home matches are held at the national stadium, Hampden Park.\nScotland are the joint oldest national football team in the world, alongside England, whom they played in the world's first international football match in 1872. Scotland has a longstanding rivalry with England, whom they played annually from 1872 until 1989. The teams have only met four times since then, most recently in August 2013.\nScotland have qualified for the FIFA World Cup on eight occasions and the UEFA European Championship twice, but have never progressed beyond the first group stage of a finals tournament. The team have achieved some noteworthy results, however, such as beating the 1966 FIFA World Cup winners England 3–2 at Wembley Stadium in 1967. Archie Gemmill scored what has been described as one of the greatest World Cup goals ever in a 3–2 win during the 1978 World Cup against the Netherlands, who reached the final of the tournament. In their qualifying group for UEFA Euro 2008, Scotland defeated 2006 World Cup runners-up France 1–0 in both fixtures.
/m/01qxs3	MicroProse was a U.S. video game publisher and developer, founded in the United States by \"Wild\" Bill Stealey and Sid Meier in 1982 as MicroProse Software Inc. It developed and published numerous games, many of which are regarded as groundbreaking, classics and cult titles, including starting the Civilization and XCOM series. Most of their internally developed titles were vehicle simulation and strategy games.\nIn 1993, the company lost most of their UK-based personnel and became a subsidiary of Spectrum HoloByte. Subsequent cuts and corporate policies led to Sid Meier, Jeff Briggs and Brian Reynolds leaving and forming Firaxis Games in 1996, as MicroProse closed its ex-Simtex development studio in Austin, Texas. In 1998, following an unsuccessful buyout attempt by GT Interactive Software, the struggling MicroProse became a wholly owned subsidiary of Hasbro Interactive and its development studios in Alameda, California and Chapel Hill, North Carolina were closed the following year. In 2001, MicroProse ceased to exist as an entity and Hasbro Interactive sold the MicroProse IPs to Infogrames Entertainment, SA. The MicroProse UK's former main office in Chipping Sodbury was closed in 2002, followed by the company's former headquarters in Hunt Valley, Maryland in 2003.
/m/07656	Sonic the Hedgehog, trademarked Sonic The Hedgehog, is the title character and protagonist of the Sonic the Hedgehog series released by Sega, as well as numerous spin-off comics, four animated shows, and an animated OVA. The first game was released on June 23, 1991, to provide Sega with a mascot to rival Nintendo's flagship character Mario. Since then, Sonic has become one of the world's best-known video game characters, with his series selling more than 80 million copies. In 2005, Sonic was one of the first game character inductees into the Walk of Game, alongside Mario and Link.\nWhile many individuals at Sega had a hand in Sonic's creation, programmer Yuji Naka and artist Naoto Ōshima are generally credited with the creation of the character. Sonic is a 15-year-old blue anthropomorphic hedgehog who has the ability to run at supersonic speeds and the ability to curl into a ball, primarily to attack enemies. Throughout the course of the video games, Sonic most commonly has to race through levels, collect power up rings and surviving against a host of natural obstacles and minions to achieve his goal.
/m/01jfrg	Jennifer Anne Garner (born April 17, 1972) is an Emmy-nominated and Golden Globe- and SAG Award-winning American actress. She is best known for her role as CIA agent Sydney Bristow on TV's Alias. Garner was born in Texas, the daughter of Patricia Ann (ne English), an English teacher from Oklahoma, and Billy Jack Garner, a chemical engineer who worked for Union Carbide from Texas. She is the middle child between two sisters, Melissa Garner Wylie (born 1969, resides in Boston, Massachusetts) and Susannah Kay Garner Carpenter (born January 24, 1975 in West Virginia, resides in Charleston, West Virginia). At three years old, Garner began taking ballet lessons which she continued throughout her youth. Although she admitted that she loved dancing, she never had ambitions to become a classical ballerina. When she was four years old, her father's job with Union Carbide relocated her family to Princeton, West Virginia, then to Charleston, West Virginia, where Garner resided until her college years. Garner and her sisters had a very strict home life as children. They were expected to attend church every Sunday, were not allowed to go to movies or wear make-up, and had to wait until they reached the age of 16 before they were allowed to have their ears pierced. Although Susannah broke the rules and had her ears pierced before she was 16, and Melissa had hers pierced at 16, Jennifer did not have her ears pierced until the age of 27. In 1990, Garner graduated from George Washington High School in Charleston, where she played the saxophone. She then enroled at Denison University to study chemistry. Upon realizing that she enjoyed stage acting more than science, Garner changed her major to drama. While at Denison, Garner was initiated into the sorority Pi Beta Phi. Garner graduated from Denison in 1994 and continued her drama education at the National Theater Institute where she was trained by fight choreographer David Chandler, and told she was a natural in stage combat. Keen for immediate experience, she visited her friend, Clayton Kirlew, in New York City in 1995 and decided to take her chances in New York theatre. In New York City, Garner earned $150 a week as an understudy in a play. She was then cast in her first television role, a part in the television movie, Zoya, based on the Danielle Steel novel. Her next acting jobs were in two short-lived television series, Significant Others and Time of Your Life, and a recurring role in the series Felicity. In 1999, Garner was cast in one of the leading roles in the television movie, Aftershock: Earthquake in New York. For this role, she was required to have her ears pierced for the first time ever. However, once filming was completed, she then allowed the piercings to heal up again and could only wear clip-on earrings. She also appeared in the 2000 comedy Dude, Where's My Car?, playing Ashton Kutcher's girlfriend. In 2001, she appeared as a nurse in the big-budget epic Pearl Harbor, co-starring with her future husband Ben Affleck . Later in 2001, J. J. Abrams (who produced Felicity) approached Garner about starring in a new show he was working on for ABC. Garner auditioned for and was cast in the role of Sydney Bristow in the spy drama Alias. The series became a success and Garner won the award for \"Best Actress in a Television Series - Drama\" at the January 2002 Golden Globes. Alias had just begun a few months beforehand, and Garner won the award with only half the season's episodes aired. The series was successful, concluding in May 2006 after a fifth, abbreviated season (due to Garner's pregnancy, a development that was written into the storyline of the fifth season). Garner's salary for the show began at $45,000 an episode, rising to $150,000 per episode by the series' end. During the show's run, Garner received four consecutive Golden Globe nominations for her lead performance. She also received four consecutive Emmy Award|Emmy nominations for \"Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama...
/m/04yyhw	Seymour Joseph Cassel is an American actor.\nCassel first came to prominence in the 1960s in the pioneering independent films of writer/director John Cassavetes. He has since appeared in an array of roles in both small independent films and Hollywood productions.
/m/09_94	The Nordic combined is a winter sport in which athletes compete in cross-country skiing and ski jumping.
/m/014488	Harold George \"Harry\" Belafonte, Jr. is an American singer, songwriter, actor and social activist. One of the most successful African-American pop stars in history, he was dubbed the \"King of Calypso\" for popularizing the Caribbean musical style with an international audience in the 1950s. His breakthrough album Calypso is the first million selling album by a single artist. Belafonte is perhaps best known for singing \"The Banana Boat Song\", with its signature lyric \"Day-O\". He has recorded in many genres, including blues, folk, gospel, show tunes, and American standards. He has also starred in several films, most notably in Otto Preminger's hit musical Carmen Jones, 1957's Island in the Sun, and Robert Wise's Odds Against Tomorrow.\nBelafonte was an early supporter of the civil rights movement in the 1950s, and one of Martin Luther King Jr.'s confidants. Throughout his career he has been an advocate for humanitarian causes, such as the anti-apartheid movement and USA for Africa. Since 1987 he has been a UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador. In recent years he has been a vocal critic of the policies of both the George W. Bush and Barack Obama administrations.
/m/01k5y0	Victor Victoria is a 1982 Metrocolor musical comedy film released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and starring Julie Andrews, James Garner, Robert Preston, Lesley Ann Warren, Alex Karras, and John Rhys-Davies. The film was produced by Tony Adams, directed by Blake Edwards, and scored by Henry Mancini, with lyrics by Leslie Bricusse. It was adapted in 1995 as a Broadway musical. The film was nominated for seven Academy Awards and won the Academy Award for Original Music Score. It is a remake of Viktor und Viktoria, a German film of 1933.
/m/06182p	The American Academy of Dramatic Arts is a two-year performing arts conservatory with facilities located in Manhattan, New York City – at 120 Madison Avenue, and in Hollywood, California – at 1336 North La Brea Avenue.
/m/018lbg	Newmarket is a town in York Region located north of the city of Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It is part of the Greater Toronto Area and Golden Horseshoe of Southern Ontario. In the Canada 2011 Census, the municipal population of Newmarket was 79,978. It is the regional seat of York Region. Many Newmarket residents commute to Toronto and its surrounding communities. Some of Newmarket's most noticeable landmarks are the Upper Canada Mall, Southlake Regional Health Centre, Historic Downtown area, the Fairy Lake Conservation Area, as well as many other parks and recreation areas.\nIn 2013, MoneySense magazine ranked Newmarket 10th out of 200 cities in Canada, and 4th out of the \"Top 10 Small Cities\" in Canada in its \"Canada's Best Places to Live in 2013\".
/m/026cmdc	The Washington State Cougars football team is the intercollegiate football team of Washington State University. The team is part of the Pacific-12 Conference. They are currently coached by Mike Leach.\nThe Cougars play home games on campus at Martin Stadium, which opened in 1972; the site dates back to 1892 when it was called Soldier Field. Its present seating capacity is 33,522.
/m/0hg5	Andorra, officially the Principality of Andorra, also called the Principality of the Valleys of Andorra, is a landlocked microstate in Southwestern Europe, located in the eastern Pyrenees mountains and bordered by Spain and France. It is the sixth smallest nation in Europe, having an area of 468 km² and an estimated population of 85,000 in 2012. Its capital, Andorra la Vella, is the highest capital city in Europe, at an elevation of 1,023 metres above sea level. The official language is Catalan, although Spanish, Portuguese, and French are also commonly spoken.\nCreated under a charter in A.D. 988, the present Principality was formed in A.D. 1278. It is known as a principality as it is a monarchy headed by two Co-Princes – the Spanish/Roman Catholic Bishop of Urgell and the President of France/President of the French Republic.\nAndorra is a prosperous country mainly because of its tourism industry, which services an estimated 10.2 million visitors annually, and because of its status as a tax haven, although it is in the process of reforming its tax regime. It is not a member of the European Union, but the euro is the de facto currency. It has been a member of the United Nations since 1993. The people of Andorra have the 3rd highest human life expectancy at birth in the world – 84 years.
/m/015t56	Elijah Jordan Wood is an American actor and film producer. He made his film debut with a minor part in Back to the Future Part II, then landed a succession of larger roles that made him a critically acclaimed child actor by age 9, being nominated for several Young Artist Awards. As a child actor he starred in the films Radio Flyer, The Good Son, North and Flipper, and began to transfer to teenage roles in the films The Ice Storm, Deep Impact and The Faculty. He is best known for his high-profile leading role as Frodo Baggins in Peter Jackson's The Lord of the Rings trilogy and its prequel The Hobbit. Since then, he has resisted typecasting by choosing varied roles in critically acclaimed films such as Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Sin City, Green Street and Everything Is Illuminated and Bobby.\nWood has also provided the voices of the main character in the award-winning animated musical films Happy Feet and Happy Feet Two, as well as the lead, 9, in the Tim Burton-produced action/science fiction film 9. In 2005, he started his own record label, Simian Records. He did the voice acting for Spyro in the Legend of Spyro trilogy. In 2012, he began voicing Beck in the animated series Tron: Uprising, and Sigma in the tenth season of the Rooster Teeth series Red vs. Blue. Since 2011, Wood has been playing the role of Ryan Newman in FX's dark comedy Wilfred.
/m/04cf_l	Jackass: The Movie is a 2002 American reality film directed by Jeff Tremaine with the tagline \"Do not attempt this at home.\" It is a continuation of the stunts and pranks by the various characters of the MTV television series Jackass, which had completed its unique series run by this time. The film was produced by MTV Films and Dickhouse Productions and released by Paramount Pictures.\nThe show features all of the original Jackass cast, including the leader Johnny Knoxville, Steve-O, Chris Pontius, Dave England, Bam Margera, Preston Lacy, Ryan Dunn, Ehren McGhehey and Jason \"Wee Man\" Acuña. Brandon DiCamillo and Raab Himself also appear but not as frequently as in the show.\nOther regular Jackass personalities who made appearances include Rake Yohn, Manny Puig, Phil Margera, and April Margera. In addition, Rip Taylor, Henry Rollins, Spike Jonze, boxing star Butterbean, Mat Hoffman, and Tony Hawk make cameo appearances. An unrated version of the film was released in 2006 and clocked in at 91 minutes long.
/m/026_w57	Lois Smith is an American actress whose career in theater, film, and television has spanned five decades.
/m/0htqt	Bilbao is a municipality and city in Spain, the capital of the province of Biscay in the autonomous community of the Basque Country. With a population of 353,187 as of 2010, it is the largest city of its autonomous community and the tenth largest in Spain. With roughly 1 million inhabitants, Bilbao lies within one of the most populous metropolitan areas in northern Spain. The Bilbao metropolitan area includes the comarca of Greater Bilbao making it the fifth-largest urban area in Spain.\nBilbao is situated in the north-central part of Spain, some 14 kilometres south of the Bay of Biscay, where the estuary of Bilbao is formed. Its main urban core is surrounded by two small mountain ranges with an average elevation of 400 metres.\nSince its foundation in the early 14th century by Diego López V de Haro, head of the powerful Haro family, Bilbao was a commercial hub that enjoyed significant importance in the Green Spain, mainly thanks to its port activity based on the export of iron extracted from the Biscayan quarries. Throughout the nineteenth century and beginnings of the twentieth, Bilbao experienced heavy industrialisation which made it the centre of the second-most industrialised region of Spain, behind Barcelona. This was joined by an extraordinary population explosion that prompted the annexation of several adjacent municipalities. Nowadays, Bilbao is a vigorous service city that is experiencing an ongoing social, economic, and aesthetic revitalisation process, started by the iconic Bilbao Guggenheim Museum, and continued by infrastructure investments, such as the airport terminal, the rapid transit system, the tram line, the Alhóndiga, and the currently under development Abandoibarra and Zorrozaurre renewal projects.
/m/0fs54	Yangon is a former capital of Burma and the capital of Yangon Region. Although the military government has officially relocated the capital to Naypyidaw since March 2006, Yangon, with a population of over five million, continues to be the country's largest city and the most important commercial centre.\nAlthough Yangon's infrastructure is undeveloped compared to those of other major cities in Southeast Asia, it has the largest number of colonial buildings in the region today. While many high-rise residential and commercial buildings have been constructed or renovated throughout downtown and Greater Yangon in the past two decades, most satellite towns that ring the city continue to be deeply impoverished.
/m/01v1d8	A sampler is an electronic musical instrument similar in some respects to a synthesizer but, instead of generating sounds, it uses recordings of sounds that are loaded or recorded into it by the user and then played back by means of the sampler program itself, a keyboard, sequencer or other triggering device to perform or compose music. Because these samples are now usually stored in digital memory the information can be quickly accessed. A single sample may often be pitch-shifted to produce musical scales and chords.\nOften samplers offer filters, modulation via low frequency oscillation and other synthesizer-like processes that allow the original sound to be modified in many different ways. Most samplers have polyphonic capabilities - they are able to play more than one note at the same time. Many are also multitimbral - they can play back different sounds at the same time.
/m/09l0x9	The 2006 National Football League Draft, the 71st in league history, took place in New York City at Radio City Music Hall on April 29 and April 30, 2006. For the 27th consecutive year, the draft was telecast on ESPN and ESPN2, with additional coverage offered by ESPNU and, for the first time, by the NFL Network. Having signed a contract with the Houston Texans on the evening before the draft, Mario Williams, a defensive end from North Carolina State, became the draft’s first pick. The selection surprised many commentators, who predicted that the Texans would draft Southern California running back Reggie Bush or Texas quarterback Vince Young. Ohio State produced the most first round selections, while Southern California produced the most overall selections. Twenty-seven compensatory and supplemental compensatory selections were distributed amongst seventeen teams; Tampa Bay, Baltimore, and Tennessee each held three compensatory picks. The league also held a supplemental draft after the regular draft and before the regular season. The 255 players chosen in the draft were composed of:
/m/01c979	A designer is a person who designs. More formally, a designer is an agent that \"specifies the structural properties of a design object\". In practice, anyone who creates tangible or intangible objects, such as consumer products, processes, laws, games and graphics, is referred to as a designer.\nClassically, the main areas of design were only painting, sculpture and architecture, which were understood as the major arts. The design of clothing, furniture and other common artifacts were left mostly to tradition or artisans specializing in hand making them.\nWith the increasing complexity of today’s society, and due to the needs of mass production where more time is usually associated with more cost, the production methods became more complex and with them the way designs and their production is created. The classical areas are now subdivided in smaller and more specialized domains of design according to the product designed or perhaps its means of production.\nThe education, experience and genetic blocks that form the base of a competent designer is normally similar no matter the area of specialization, only in a later stages of training and work will designer diverge to a specialized field. The methods of teaching or the program and theories followed vary according to schools and field of study. Today, a design team, no matter the scale of the equipment, is usually composed by a master designer that will have the responsibility to take decisions about the way the creative process should evolve, and a number of technical designers specialized in diverse areas according to the product proposed. For more complex products, the team will also be composed of professionals from other areas like engineers, advertising specialists, and others as required. The relationships established between team members will vary according proposed product, the processes of production, the equipment available, or the theories followed during the idea development, but normally they are not too restrictive, giving an opportunity to everyone in the team to take a part in the creation process or at least to express an idea.
/m/06f5j	Robert Edward Lee was an American career military officer who is best known for having commanded the Confederate Army of Northern Virginia in the American Civil War.\nThe son of Revolutionary War officer Henry \"Light Horse Harry\" Lee III and a top graduate of the United States Military Academy, Robert E. Lee distinguished himself as an exceptional officer and combat engineer in the United States Army for 32 years. During this time, he served throughout the United States, distinguished himself during the Mexican-American War, served as Superintendent of the United States Military Academy, and married Mary Custis.\nWhen Virginia declared its secession from the Union in April 1861, Lee chose to follow his home state, despite his personal desire for the country to remain intact and despite the fact that President Abraham Lincoln had offered Lee command of a Union Army. During the Civil War, Lee originally served as a senior military adviser to President Jefferson Davis. He soon emerged as a shrewd tactician and battlefield commander, winning numerous battles against far superior Union armies. His abilities as a tactician have been praised by many military historians. Lee's strategic foresight was more doubtful, and both of his major offensives into the North ended in defeat. Lee's aggressive tactics during the war that resulted in high casualties, when the Confederacy had a shortage of manpower, has recently drawn criticism. Union General Ulysses S. Grant's campaigns bore down on the Confederacy in 1864 and 1865, and despite inflicting heavy casualties, Lee was unable to turn the war's tide. He would ultimately surrender to Grant at Appomattox Court House on April 9, 1865. By this time, the former had assumed supreme command of the remaining Southern armies; other Confederate forces swiftly capitulated after Lee's surrender. Lee rejected the proposal of a sustained insurgency against the North and called for reconciliation between the two sides.
/m/05z8cq	Kalmar Fotbollsförening, also known simply as Kalmar FF, is a Swedish professional football club based in Kalmar. The club is affiliated to Smålands Fotbollförbund and play their home games at Guldfågeln Arena. The club colours, reflected in their crest and kit, are red and white. Formed on 10 January 1910 as IF Göta, the club have won one national championship title and three national cup titles. The club is currently playing in Allsvenskan, where the season lasts from April to October. Kalmar FF's local rivals are Kalmar AIK and Östers IF.
/m/0674cw	Hrishikesh Mukherjee was a famous Indian film director known for a number of films, including Satyakam, Chupke Chupke, Anupama, Anand, Abhimaan, Guddi, Gol Maal, Aashirwad, Bawarchi, Namak Haraam and an entertaining good suspense movie Buddha Mil Gaya.\nPopularly known as Hrishi-da, he directed 42 films during his career spanning over four decades, and is named the pioneer of the 'middle cinema' of India. Renowned for his social films that reflected the changing middle-class ethos, Mukherjee \"carved a middle path between the extravagance of mainstream cinema and the stark realism of art cinema\".\nHe also remained the chairman of the Central Board of Film Certification and of the National Film Development Corporation,. The Government of India honoured him with the Dada Saheb Phalke Award in 1999 and the Padma Vibhushan in 2001. He received the NTR National Award in 2001.
/m/0ym17	Merton College is one of the constituent colleges of the University of Oxford in England. Its foundation can be traced back to the 1260s when Walter de Merton, chancellor to Henry III and later to Edward I, first drew up statutes for an independent academic community and established endowments to support it. The important feature of Walter's foundation was that this \"college\" was to be self-governing and that the endowments were directly vested in the Warden and Fellows.\nBy 1274 when Walter retired from royal service and made his final revisions to the college statutes, the community was consolidated at its present site in the south east corner of the city of Oxford, and a rapid programme of building commenced. The hall and the chapel and the rest of the front quad were complete before the end of the 13th century, but apart from the chapel they have all been much altered since. To most visitors, the college and its buildings are synonymous, but the history of the college can be more deeply understood if one distinguishes the history of the academic community from that of the site and buildings that they have occupied for nearly 750 years.\nMerton is among the wealthiest colleges and had an estimated financial endowment of £175 million, as of 2012.
/m/055vr	Maharashtra is a state in the western region of India. It is the second most populous state after Uttar Pradesh and third largest state by area in India. Maharashtra is the wealthiest state in India, contributing 15% of the country's industrial output and 13.3% of its GDP.\nMaharashtra is bordered by the Arabian Sea to the west, Gujarat and the Union territory of Dadra and Nagar Haveli to the northwest, Madhya Pradesh to the north and northeast, Chhattisgarh to the east, Karnataka to the south, Andhra Pradesh to the southeast and Goa to the southwest. The state covers an area of 307,731 km² or 9.84% of the total geographical area of India. Mumbai, the capital city of the state, is India's largest city and the financial capital of the nation. Maharashtra is the world's second most populous first-level administrative country sub-division. Were it a nation in its own right, Maharashtra would be the world's twelfth most populous country ahead of Philippines.\nIn the 16th century, the Marathas rose under the leadership of Shivaji against the Mughals, who ruled a large part of India. By 1760, the Maratha Empire had reached its zenith with a territory of over 250 million acres or one-third of the Indian sub-continent. After the Third Anglo-Maratha War, the empire ended and most of Maharashtra became part of Bombay State under the British Raj. After Indian independence, Samyukta Maharashtra Samiti demanded unification of all Marathi-speaking regions under one state. At that time, Babasaheb Ambedkar was of the opinion that linguistic reorganisation of states should be done on a \"One state – One language\" principle and not on a \"One language – One state\" principle. He submitted a memorandum to the reorganisation commission stating that a \"single government can not administer such a huge state as United Maharashtra\". The first state reorganisation committee created the current Maharashtra state on 1 May 1960. The Marathi-speaking areas of Bombay State, Deccan states and Vidarbha united, under the agreement known as Nagpur Pact, to form the current state.
/m/01kcms4	The Steve Miller Band is an American rock band formed in 1967 in San Francisco, California. The band is managed by Steve Miller on guitar and lead vocals, and is best known today for a string of mid-1970s hit singles that are staples of classic rock radio, as well as several earlier acid rock albums.
/m/011xg5	A.I. Artificial Intelligence, also known as A.I., is a 2001 American science fiction drama film written, directed, and produced by Steven Spielberg, and based on Brian Aldiss's short story \"Super-Toys Last All Summer Long\". The film stars Haley Joel Osment, Jude Law, Frances O'Connor, Brendan Gleeson, and William Hurt. Set sometime in the future, A.I. tells the story of David, a childlike android uniquely programmed with the ability to love.\nDevelopment of A.I. originally began with director Stanley Kubrick in the early 1970s. Kubrick hired a series of writers up until the mid-1990s, including Brian Aldiss, Bob Shaw, Ian Watson, and Sara Maitland. The film languished in development hell for years, partly because Kubrick felt computer-generated imagery was not advanced enough to create the David character, whom he believed no child actor would believably portray. In 1995, Kubrick handed A.I. to Spielberg, but the film did not gain momentum until Kubrick's death in 1999. Spielberg remained close to Watson's film treatment for the screenplay. The film was greeted with generally favorable reviews from critics and grossed approximately $235 million. A small credit appears after the end credits, which reads \"For Stanley Kubrick.\"
/m/0311wg	Gary Dourdan is an American actor. He is best known for portraying Warrick Brown on the television series CSI: Crime Scene Investigation.
/m/0k3p	Amsterdam is the capital city of and the most populous within the Kingdom of the Netherlands. Its status as the Dutch capital is mandated by the Constitution of the Netherlands though it is not the seat of the Dutch government, which is at The Hague. Amsterdam has a population of 810,084 within the city-proper, 1,106,844 in the urban region and 1,569,300 in the greater metropolitan area. The city is located in the province of North Holland in the west of the country. It comprises much of the northern part of the Randstad, one of the larger conurbations in Europe, with a population of approximately 7 million.\nAmsterdam's name derives from Amstelredamme, indicative of the city's origin as a dam of the river Amstel. Originating as a small fishing village in the late 12th century, Amsterdam became one of the most important ports in the world during the Dutch Golden Age, a result of its innovative developments in trade. During that time, the city was the leading center for finance and diamonds. In the 19th and 20th centuries, the city expanded, and many new neighborhoods and suburbs were planned and built. The 17th-century canals of Amsterdam and the 19–20th century Defence Line of Amsterdam are on the UNESCO World Heritage List.
/m/059x0w	Tom B. Rosenberg is an American film producer as well as founder and chairman of Lakeshore Entertainment. He is a recipient of the 2004 Academy Award for Best Picture for the film Million Dollar Baby. Tom grew up in the Lakeview area of Chicago, Illinois.
/m/021vwt	Edward Kirk Herrmann is an American television and film actor. He is best known for his Emmy-nominated portrayals of Franklin D. Roosevelt on television, and to younger generations for his role as Richard Gilmore in Gilmore Girls, as a ubiquitous narrator for historical programs on the History Channel and PBS productions such as NOVA, and as the spokesman for Dodge automobiles in the 1990s.
/m/09jvl	NOFX is an American punk rock band from Los Angeles, California. The band was formed in 1983 by vocalist/bassist Fat Mike and guitarist Eric Melvin. Drummer Erik Sandin joined NOFX shortly after. In 1991, El Hefe joined to play lead guitar and trumpet, rounding out the current line-up. The band rose to popularity with their fifth studio album Punk in Drublic, which was certified gold in both the United States and Canada, and is now considered a classic punk album by fans and critics alike. Their seventh studio album So Long and Thanks for All the Shoes was also certified gold in Canada. NOFX's mainstream success was signified by a growing interest in punk rock during the 1990s, but unlike many of their contemporaries, they have never been signed to a major label. NOFX has released twelve studio albums, fifteen extended plays and a number of seven-inch singles. Their latest studio album, Self Entitled, was released on September 11, 2012. The group has sold over 6 million records worldwide, making them one of the most successful independent bands of all time. The band also broadcast their own show on Fuse TV entitled NOFX: Backstage Passport.
/m/0x82	Afrikaans is a West Germanic language, spoken natively in South Africa and Namibia, and to a lesser extent in Botswana and Zimbabwe. It is an offshoot of several Dutch dialects spoken by the mainly Dutch settlers of what is now South Africa, where it gradually began to develop independently in the course of the 18th century. Hence, historically, it is a daughter language of Dutch, and was previously referred to as \"Cape Dutch\" or \"kitchen Dutch\".\nAlthough Afrikaans adopted words from languages such as Portuguese, the Bantu languages, Malay, and the Khoisan languages, an estimated 90 to 95% of Afrikaans vocabulary is ultimately of Dutch origin. Therefore, differences with Dutch often lie in a more regular morphology, grammar, and spelling of Afrikaans. There is a large degree of mutual intelligibility between the two languages—especially in written form.\nWith about 7 million native speakers in South Africa, or 13.5% of the population, it is the third-most-spoken mother tongue in the country. It has the widest geographical and racial distribution of all the official languages of South Africa, and is widely spoken and understood as a second or third language. It is the majority language of the western half of South Africa — the provinces of the Northern Cape and Western Cape — and the first language of over 70% of Coloured South Africans and about 60% of White South Africans. About 600,000 black South Africans speak it as their first language. Large numbers of Bantu-speaking and English-speaking South Africans also speak it as their second language.
/m/0kcw2	Greensboro is a city in the U.S. state of North Carolina. It is the third-largest city by population in North Carolina and the largest city in Guilford County and the surrounding Piedmont Triad metropolitan region. According to the 2012 U.S. Census Estimate, Greensboro's population is 277,080. It is located at the intersection of three major interstate highways in the Piedmont region of central North Carolina.\nIn 2003, the previous Greensboro – Winston-Salem – High Point metropolitan statistical area was re-defined by the U.S. Office of Management and Budget, resulting in the formation of the Greensboro-High Point MSA and the Winston-Salem MSA. The 2010 population for the Greensboro-High Point MSA was 723,801. The Greensboro – Winston-Salem – High Point combined statistical area, popularly referred to as the Piedmont Triad, had a population of 1,599,477.\nIn 1808, Greensborough was planned around a central courthouse square to succeed the nearby town of Guilford Court House as the county seat. This act moved the county courts closer to the geographical center of the county, a location more easily reached by the majority of the county's citizens.
/m/0ct5zc	Carrie is a 1976 American supernatural horror film based on the 1974 novel of the same name by Stephen King. The film was directed by Brian De Palma and written by Lawrence D. Cohen.\nThe film received two Academy Award nominations, one for Sissy Spacek in the title role and one for Piper Laurie as her abusive mother. The film featured numerous young actors – including Nancy Allen, William Katt, Amy Irving and John Travolta – whose careers were launched, or escalated, by the film. It also relaunched the screen and television career of Laurie, who had not been active in show business since 1961.\nCarrie was the first of more than 100 film and television productions adapted from, or based on, the published works of Stephen King.
/m/02_nsc	Days of Thunder is a 1990 American auto racing film released by Paramount Pictures, produced by Don Simpson and Jerry Bruckheimer and directed by Tony Scott. The cast includes Tom Cruise, Nicole Kidman, Robert Duvall, Randy Quaid, Cary Elwes, Caroline Williams, and Michael Rooker. The film also features appearances by real life NASCAR racers, such as Rusty Wallace, Neil Bonnett, and Harry Gant. Commentator Dr. Jerry Punch, of ESPN, has a cameo appearance, as does co-producer Don Simpson.\nThis is the first of three films to star both Cruise and Kidman.
/m/044crp	Club Estudiantes de La Plata, simply referred to as Estudiantes, is an Argentine professional sports club based in La Plata. The club's football team currently competes in the Primera División, where it has spent most of its history.\nThe club is amongst the most successful teams in Argentina. In 1967, Estudiantes was the first team outside of the traditional \"big five\" to win a professional league title. Since then, the squad has won four more league titles to bring the total to five. It has had even greater international success, having won six international titles. Estudiantes' international silverware consists of four Copa Libertadores, an Intercontinental Cup, and an Interamerican Cup.\nThe club was founded in 1905 when a group of players and fans decided to break away from Gimnasia de La Plata, which favored indoor sports over football. Matches between the two clubs are known as the Clásico Platense. The Estudiantes home stadium is undergoing renovations, so the team plays in the city-owned Estadio Único de La Plata.\nOther sports where Estudiantes competes are basketball, team handball, field hockey, golf, swimming, judo, and volleyball.
/m/09_9n	Ski jumping is a sport in which skiers go down a take-off ramp, jump, and attempt to impress judges, who give points for style. The skis used for ski jumping are wide and long. Ski jumping is predominantly a winter sport, performed on snow, and is part of the Winter Olympic Games, but can also be performed in summer on artificial surfaces – porcelain or frost rail track on the inrun, plastic on the landing hill. Ski jumping belongs to the Nordic type of competitive skiing.
/m/02h4rq6	A Bachelor of Science is a graduate academic degree awarded for completed courses that generally last three to five years.\nWhether a subject is considered a science or an art, can vary between universities. For example, an economics degree may be given as a Bachelor of Arts by one university but as a B.Sc. by another. Biology, biochemistry, mathematics, physics, chemistry, social science, sport/exercise science, general science, earth science, computer science and the various fields of engineering are almost universally considered to be sciences.\nEven in cases of near-unilateral consensus across a country as to whether a subject is a science or an art, there are exceptions. Georgetown University's School of Foreign Service awards Bachelor of Science in Foreign Service degrees to all of its undergraduates, although many of them major in humanities-oriented fields such as international history and culture and politics. The London School of Economics offers B.Sc. degrees in practically all subject areas, even those normally associated with arts degrees, while the Oxbridge universities almost exclusively award arts qualifications. In both instances, there are historical and traditional reasons. Northwestern University's School of Communication grants B.Sc. degrees in all of its programs of study, including theater, dance, and radio/television/film.
/m/014q2g	Keith Richards is an English musician, singer, as well as songwriter and one of the original members of the English rock band the Rolling Stones. Rolling Stone magazine credited Richards for \"rock's greatest single body of riffs\" on guitar and ranked him 4th on its list of 100 best guitarists. Fourteen songs Richards wrote with the Rolling Stones' lead vocalist Mick Jagger are listed among Rolling Stone magazine's \"500 Greatest Songs of All Time\".
/m/04t9c0	Mighty Aphrodite is a 1995 romantic comedy film written and directed by Woody Allen. The screenplay was inspired by the story of Pygmalion.\nAllen co-stars with Mira Sorvino, who received the 1995 Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her performance.
/m/0k696	Baldwin County is a county of the U.S. state of Alabama. It is named in honor of Senator Abraham Baldwin, though he never lived in what is now Alabama. As of the 2010 census the population was 182,265. The U.S. Census Bureau estimated 2012 population is 190,790. The county seat is Bay Minette. The largest county in Alabama by area, it includes a portion of Mobile Bay.\nThe U.S. federal government designates Baldwin County as the Daphne-Fairhope-Foley micropolitan statistical area.
/m/0ldqf	The 1956 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XVI Olympiad, were an international multi-sport event which was held in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia, in 1956, apart from the equestrian events, which were held five months earlier in Stockholm, Sweden. Equestrian could not be held in Australia due to quarantine regulations. This was the second Olympics not to be held entirely in one country, the first being the 1920 Summer Olympics. The 1956 Games were the first to be staged in the Southern Hemisphere, as well as the first to be held outside Europe and North America.
/m/03n0q5	Robert Bernard Sherman was an American songwriter who specialized in musical films with his brother Richard Morton Sherman. Some of the Sherman Brothers' best known songs were incorporated into movies and animations like Mary Poppins, The Jungle Book, The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh, Chitty Chitty Bang Bang, The Slipper and the Rose, Charlotte's Web and the theme park song of \"It's a Small World\".
/m/04cxw5b	The Oklahoma City Thunder are an American professional basketball franchise based in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. They play in the Northwest Division of the Western Conference in the National Basketball Association; their home court is at Chesapeake Energy Arena. The Thunder's NBA Development League affiliate is the Tulsa 66ers, who are owned by the Thunder. The Thunder, along with the Tulsa Shock -- a Women's National Basketball Association franchise based in Tulsa, Oklahoma -- are the only teams in the major professional North American sports leagues based in the state of Oklahoma.\nFormerly the Seattle SuperSonics, the team relocated in 2008 after a dispute between owner Clay Bennett and lawmakers in Seattle, Washington. The SuperSonics qualified for the NBA Playoffs 22 times, won their division six times, and won the 1979 NBA Championship. In Oklahoma City, the Thunder qualified for their first playoff berth during the 2009–10 season. They followed that success by winning their first division title as the Thunder in the 2010–11 season and their first Western Conference championship as the Thunder in the 2011–12 season, appearing in the NBA Finals for the fourth time in franchise history and first since 1996, when the club was based in Seattle.
/m/052h3	Murray Newton Rothbard was an American heterodox economist of the Austrian School, a revisionist historian, and a political theorist whose writings and personal influence played a seminal role in the development of modern libertarianism. Rothbard was the founder and leading theoretician of anarcho-capitalism, a staunch advocate of historical revisionism, and a central figure in the twentieth-century American libertarian movement. He wrote over twenty books on anarchist theory, revisionist history, economics, and other subjects. Rothbard asserted that all services provided by the \"monopoly system of the corporate state\" could be provided more efficiently by the private sector and wrote that the state is \"the organization of robbery systematized and writ large.\" He called fractional reserve banking a form of fraud and opposed central banking. He categorically opposed all military, political, and economic interventionism in the affairs of other nations. In the words of Hans-Hermann Hoppe, \"There would be no anarcho-capitalist movement to speak of without Rothbard.\"\nA heterodox economist Rothbard refused to publish in academic journals. According to economist Jeff Herbener, who calls Rothbard his friend and \"intellectual mentor\", Rothbard received \"only ostracism\" from mainstream academia. Rothbard rejected mainstream economic methodologies and instead embraced praxeology. To promote his economic and political ideas, Rothbard joined Llewellyn H. Rockwell, Jr. and Burton Blumert in 1982 to establish the Ludwig von Mises Institute in Alabama.
/m/013zyw	Wesley Earl \"Wes\" Craven is an American film director, writer, producer, and actor known for his work on horror films, particularly slasher films. He is the creator of A Nightmare on Elm Street, Wes Craven's New Nightmare, and also co-wrote A Nightmare on Elm Street 3: Dream Warriors with Bruce Wagner, featuring the Freddy Krueger character. Craven also directed the entire Scream series, featuring Ghostface. Some of his other films include, The Hills Have Eyes, The Last House on the Left, The Serpent and the Rainbow, The People Under the Stairs, Vampire in Brooklyn, Music of the Heart and Red Eye.
/m/028knk	Annette Carol Bening is an American actress. Bening is a four-time Oscar nominee for her roles in The Grifters, American Beauty, Being Julia, and The Kids Are All Right, winning Golden Globe Awards for the latter two films.
/m/01hbgs	Increasing age as a risk factor refers to older adults and the elderly.
/m/02ht1k	A Mighty Wind is a 2003 American mockumentary comedy-drama film about a folk music reunion concert in which three folk bands must reunite for a television performance for the first time in decades. The film was directed, co-written and composed by Christopher Guest. The film is thought to reference the 2003 tribute concert to folk music producer Harold Leventhal that reunited several of the folk groups that Leventhal had managed.\nGuest co-stars and reunites many of his company of actors from This Is Spinal Tap, Waiting for Guffman, and Best in Show for this film. They include Eugene Levy, Catherine O'Hara, Michael McKean, Harry Shearer, Fred Willard, Bob Balaban, Ed Begley, Jr., Jennifer Coolidge, Paul Dooley, John Michael Higgins, Michael Hitchcock, Rachael Harris, Don Lake, Jane Lynch, Larry Miller, Jim Piddock, Deborah Theaker, and Parker Posey. Several characters in the film originated in a sketch written by Guest for Saturday Night Live in 1984.\nA song composed for the film by McKean and wife Annette O'Toole was nominated for an Academy Award. Every song featured in the film was also written by the cast or Guest's long-term musical collaborator C J Vanston.
/m/0k3kg	Norfolk County is a county located in the U.S. state of Massachusetts. As of the 2010 census, the population was 670,850. Its county seat is Dedham. It is the 28th highest-income county in the United States with a median household income of $81,899. It is the wealthiest county in Massachusetts. The county was named after the English county of the same name with the meaning \"northern folk\". Two towns, Cohasset and Brookline, are exclaves.
/m/02jsgf	Joan Allen is an American actress, who has worked in theatre, film and television. She is a Tony Award winner, and a three-time Academy Award nominee.\nAllen began her acting career with the Steppenwolf Theatre Company in 1977. She made her Broadway debut in the 1987 play Burn This, winning the 1988 Tony Award for Best Actress in a Play. She also received a Tony Award nomination in 1989, for The Heidi Chronicles.\nShe has received three Academy Award nominations; she was nominated for Best Supporting Actress for Nixon and The Crucible, and for Best Actress for The Contender.\nHer other films include Manhunter, Peggy Sue Got Married, Tucker: The Man and His Dream, In Country, The Ice Storm, Face/Off, Pleasantville, The Notebook, The Bourne Supremacy The Bourne Ultimatum, Death Race and The Bourne Legacy.
/m/01nkxvx	Julieta Venegas Percevault, known professionally as Julieta Venegas, is an American-born Mexican singer, songwriter, instrumentalist and producer, who sings pop-rock in Spanish. She speaks English, Portuguese, and Spanish fluently. She has a twin sister, Yvonne, who is a photographer. Venegas grew up in Tijuana and began studying music at the age of eight. She went on to join several bands including Mexican ska band Tijuana No!.\nShe plays several instruments including acoustic guitar, accordion, and keyboard. She has won five Latin Grammys and one Grammy Award among other awards. She has composed music for theater and performed in soundtracks for two movies.\nIn 1997, she released her debut album Aquí to favorable reviews in Mexico by the rock audience. In later years she positioned herself as one of the most prominent songwriters in Latin pop by achieving fame in 2003 in Latin America and Spain with the album Sí and singles \"Andar Conmigo\" and \"Algo Está Cambiando\" which were positioned at the top of Latin Billboard.\nIn 2006, she released her most successful album Limón y Sal which is her best-selling album to date. Limón y Sal achieved Platinum status in several countries, including the worldwide hit \"Me Voy.\" \"Me voy\" was certified Gold in Mexico. Her album Otra Cosa was released worldwide on March 16, 2010. Venegas was designated a UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador in Mexico.
/m/0lgw7	A photographer is a person who takes photographs. A professional photographer uses photography to earn money; amateur photographers take photographs for pleasure and to record an event, emotion, place, or person.\nA professional photographer may be an employee, for example of a newspaper, or may contract to cover a particular event such as a wedding or graduation, or to illustrate an advertisement. Others, including paparazzi and fine art photographers, are freelancers, first making a picture and then offering it for sale or display. Some workers, such as policemen, estate agents, journalists and scientists, make photographs as part of other work. Photographers who produce moving rather than still pictures are often called cinematographers, videographers or camera operators, depending on the commercial context.\nPhotographers are also categorized based on the subjects they photograph. Some photographers explore subjects typical of paintings such as landscape, still life, and portraiture. Other photographers specialize in subjects unique to photography, including street photography, documentary photography, fashion photography, wedding photography, war photography, photojournalism, aviation photography and commercial photography.
/m/01l3s0	Qingdao, historically known as Tsingtao, is a major city in eastern Shandong Province, Eastern China, with a population of over 8.715 million. Its built up area, made of 6 urban districts and 4 county-level cities, is home to about 4,896,000 inhabitants in 2010.\nIt borders Yantai to the northeast, Weifang to the west and Rizhao to the southwest. Qīng in Chinese means \"green\" or \"lush\", while dǎo means \"island\". Qingdao is administered at the sub-provincial level.\nLying across the Shandong Peninsula while looking out to the Yellow Sea, Qingdao is a major seaport, naval base, and industrial centre. It is also the site of the Tsingtao Brewery. The world's longest sea bridge, the Jiaozhou Bay Bridge, links the main urban area of Qingdao with Huangdao district, straddling the Jiaozhou Bay sea areas. Qingdao is named China's most livable city.
/m/0hwqg	Tony Curtis was an American film actor whose career spanned six decades, but had his greatest popularity during the 1950s and early 1960s. He acted in more than 100 films in roles covering a wide range of genres, from light comedy to serious drama. In his later years, Curtis made numerous television appearances.\nAlthough his early film roles were partly the result of his good looks, by the later half of the 1950s he became a notable and strong screen presence. He began proving himself to be a fine dramatic actor, having the range to act in numerous dramatic and comedy roles. In his earliest parts he acted in a string of mediocre films, including swashbucklers, westerns, light comedies, sports films, and a musical. However, by the time he starred in Houdini with his wife Janet Leigh, \"his first clear success,\" notes critic David Thomson, his acting had progressed immensely.\nHe won his first serious recognition as a skilled dramatic actor in Sweet Smell of Success with co-star Burt Lancaster. The following year he was nominated for an Oscar for Best Actor in another drama, The Defiant Ones. Curtis then gave what could arguably be called his best performance: three interrelated roles in the comedy Some Like It Hot. Thomson called it an \"outrageous film,\" and a survey carried out by the American Film Institute voted it the funniest American film ever made. The film co-starred Jack Lemmon and Marilyn Monroe, and was directed by Billy Wilder. That was followed by Blake Edwards’s comedy Operation Petticoat with Cary Grant. They were both frantic comedies, and displayed his impeccable comic timing. He often collaborated with Edwards on later films. In 1960, Curtis co-starred in Spartacus, which became another major hit for him.
/m/0276krm	Fawn is a light yellowish tan colour. It is usually used in reference to clothing, soft furnishings and bedding, as well as to a dog's coat colour. It occurs in varying shades, ranging between pale tan to pale fawn to dark deer-red. The first recorded use of fawn as a colour name in English was in 1789.
/m/0239kh	The cowbell is an idiophone hand percussion instrument used in various styles of music including salsa and infrequently in popular music. It is named after the similar bell historically used by herdsmen to keep track of the whereabouts of cows.
/m/01qtj9	The Canton of Bern is the second largest of the 26 Swiss cantons by both surface area and population. Located in west-central Switzerland, it borders the Canton of Jura and the Canton of Solothurn to the north. To the west lie the Canton of Neuchâtel, the Canton of Fribourg and Vaud. To the south lies the Valais. East of the canton of Bern lie the cantons of Uri, Nidwalden, Obwalden, Lucerne and Aargau.\nThe canton of Bern is bilingual and has a population of 992,617. As of 2007, the population included 119,930 foreigners. The cantonal capital, also the federal capital of Switzerland, is Bern.
/m/02knxx	A death by natural causes, as recorded by coroners and on death certificates and associated documents, is one that is primarily attributed to an illness or an internal malfunction of the body not directly influenced by external forces. For example, a person dying from complications from influenza or a heart attack would be listed as having died from natural causes. Old age is not a scientifically recognized cause of death; there is always a more direct cause although it may be unknown in certain cases and could be one of a number of aging-associated diseases.\nIn contrast, death caused by active intervention is called unnatural death. The \"unnatural\" causes are usually given as accident, misadventure, suicide, or homicide. In some settings, other categories may be added. For example, a prison may track the deaths of inmates caused by acute intoxication separately. Additionally, a cause of death can be recorded as \"undetermined\".\nEuthanasia is also a form of active intervention. It cannot be categorized as an accident nor as a natural cause of death. In this case, people around a patient, normally his family members or doctors decide whether a patient who has a very less chance of surviving should be taken care of or not.
/m/07vjm	The University of California, San Diego, is a public research university located in La Jolla, California, in the United States. The university occupies 2,141 acres near the coast of the Pacific Ocean with the main campus resting on approximately 1,152 acres. Established in 1960 near the pre-existing Scripps Institution of Oceanography, UCSD is the seventh oldest of the 10 University of California campuses and offers over 200 undergraduate and graduate degree programs, enrolling about 22,700 undergraduate and 6,300 graduate students. UCSD is one of America's Public Ivy universities, which recognizes top public research universities in the United States. UC San Diego was ranked 39th among the top universities in the United States, tied for 3rd with UC Davis of the University of California schools, and 9th among public universities by U.S. News & World Report 's 2014 rankings.\nUC San Diego is organized into six undergraduate residential colleges, five graduate schools, and two professional medical schools. The university operates four research institutes, including the California Institute for Telecommunications and Information Technology, San Diego Supercomputer Center, Scripps Institution of Oceanography, and UC San Diego Health System, and is also affiliated with several regional research centers, such as the Salk Institute, the Sanford-Burnham Medical Research Institute, the Sanford Consortium for Regenerative Medicine, and the Scripps Research Institute. The university also houses two think tanks, the Institute on Global Conflict and Cooperation and Center for Comparative Immigration Studies. UC San Diego faculty, researchers, and alumni have won twenty Nobel Prizes, eight National Medals of Science, eight MacArthur Fellowships, two Pulitzer Prizes, and two Fields Medals. Additionally, of the current faculty, 29 have been elected to the National Academy of Engineering, 95 to the National Academy of Sciences, and 106 to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.
/m/028qyn	Herbert \"Herb\" Alpert is an American musician most associated with the group variously known as Herb Alpert & the Tijuana Brass, Herb Alpert's Tijuana Brass, or TJB. In print, he is often erroneously referred to as Herb Albert. Alpert is also a recording industry executive, the \"A\" of A&M Records, a recording label he and business partner, Jerry Moss, founded and eventually sold to Polygram. Alpert has also created abstract expressionist paintings and sculpture over two decades, which are on occasion publicly exhibited. Alpert and wife Lani Hall are substantial philanthropists through the operation of the Herb Alpert Foundation.\nAlpert's musical accomplishments include five No. 1 albums and 28 albums total on the Billboard Album chart, nine Grammy Awards, fourteen platinum albums, and fifteen gold albums. As of 1996, Alpert had sold 72 million albums worldwide. Alpert is the only recording artist to hit No. 1 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 pop chart as both a vocalist and an instrumentalist.
/m/02tgz4	Mr. Deeds is a 2002 American comedy film, directed by Steven Brill and starring Adam Sandler and Winona Ryder. The movie is a remake of the 1936 Frank Capra film Mr. Deeds Goes to Town, and also stars Peter Gallagher, John Turturro, Allen Covert and Steve Buscemi. The movie was produced by Happy Madison and New Line Cinema and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.
/m/0kcrd	Jefferson County is the most populous county in the U.S. state of Alabama. Its county seat is Birmingham. As of the 2010 census, the population of Jefferson County was 658,466. Jefferson County is the principal and most populous county in the Birmingham metropolitan area.
/m/01nn79	Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. is a South Korean multinational electronics company headquartered in Suwon, South Korea. It is the flagship subsidiary of the Samsung Group and has been the world's largest information technology company by revenues since 2009. Samsung Electronics has assembly plants and sales networks in 88 countries and employs around 370,000 people. For 2012 the CEO is Kwon Oh-Hyun.\nSamsung has long been a major manufacturer of electronic components such as lithium-ion batteries, semiconductors, chips, flash memory and hard drive devices for clients such as Apple, Sony, HTC and Nokia.\nIn recent years, the company has diversified into consumer electronics. It is the world's largest manufacturer of mobile phones and smartphones fueled by the popularity of its Samsung Galaxy line of devices. The company is also a major vendor of tablet computers, particularly its Android-powered Samsung Galaxy Tab collection, and is generally regarded as pioneering the phablet market through the Samsung Galaxy Note family of devices.\nSamsung has been the world's largest maker of LCD panels since 2002, the world's largest television manufacturer since 2006, and world's largest manufacturer of mobile phones since 2011. Samsung Electronics displaced Apple Inc. as the world's largest technology company in 2011 and is a major part of the South Korean economy.
/m/0hwqz	Jamie Lee Curtis, Lady Haden-Guest is an American actress and author. Although she was initially known as a \"scream queen\" because of her starring roles in several horror films early in her career, such as Halloween, The Fog, Prom Night, and Terror Train, Curtis has since compiled a body of work that spans many genres, and has won BAFTA and Golden Globe awards. Her 1998 book, Today I Feel Silly, and Other Moods That Make My Day, made the best-seller list in The New York Times. Curtis has appeared in advertisements, and is a blogger for The Huffington Post. She is married to actor, screenwriter, and director Christopher Guest, 5th Baron Haden-Guest.
/m/039cpd	Grupo Televisa, S.A.B. is a Mexican multimedia mass media company, after Organizações Globo is the largest in Latin America and the first of Spanish-speaking world. It is a major international entertainment business, with much of its programming airing in the United States on Univision, with which it has an exclusive contract.
/m/0k3k1	Middlesex County, in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, is the twenty-third most populous county in the United States and the most populous county in New England. As of the 2010 census, the population was 1,503,085, making it more populous than any other New England state except for Connecticut. The center of population of Massachusetts is in Natick, Middlesex County.\nFor administrative purposes the county held two regions, Middlesex-North with county seat in Lowell, and Middlesex-South with county seat in Cambridge. The county government was abolished in 1997, but the county boundaries continue to describe a state district for court jurisdictions and for other administrative purposes, such as an indicator for elections. Massachusetts counties also define locations for National Weather Service weather alerts.\nAs of 2006, Middlesex County was tenth in the United States on the list of most millionaires per county.
/m/02qvl7	Defence in ice hockey is a player position whose primary responsibility is to prevent the opposing team from scoring. They are often referred to as defencemen, D, D-men or blueliners. They were once called cover-point.\nIn regular play, two defencemen complement three forwards and a goaltender on the ice. Exceptions include overtime during the regular season and when a team is shorthanded, in which two defencemen are typically joined by only two forwards and a goaltender.
/m/04g73n	Chicken Little is a 2005 American 3D computer-animated comic science fiction family comedy film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and loosely based on the fable of the same name. The 46th animated feature in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series was directed by Mark Dindal with screenplay by Steve Bencich, Ron J. Friedman, and Ron Anderson, and story by Mark Kennedy and Dindal.\nThe film was animated in-house at Walt Disney Feature Animation's main headquarters in Burbank, California, and released by Walt Disney Pictures on November 4, 2005 in the Disney Digital 3-D format along with the standard 2-D version. It is Disney's first fully computer-animated film, as Pixar's films were distributed but not produced by Disney, and Dinosaur was a combination of live-action and computer animation. It is Disney's second adaption of the fable of the same name, the first being a 1943 cartoon made for World War II.
/m/0164y7	Frank Henry Loesser was an American songwriter who wrote the lyrics and music to the Broadway hits Guys and Dolls and How To Succeed In Business Without Really Trying, among others. He won separate Tony Awards for the music and lyrics in both shows, as well as sharing the Pulitzer Prize for Drama for the latter. He also wrote numerous songs for films and Tin Pan Alley, many of which have become standards, and was nominated for five Academy Awards for best song, winning once, for \"Baby, It's Cold Outside\".
/m/04jnd7	Club Necaxa is a Mexican football club based in the city of Aguascalientes. It plays in the Estadio Victoria. Necaxa is ranked seventh overall and first in ranking in Mexican football within the IFFHS Central and North America's Clubs of the Century in the CONCACAF, behind CD Saprissa San Juan de Tibás of Costa Rica. After being relegated from the Primera División de México, the club began to play in the Ascenso MX, the second level of the Mexican football league pyramid. Necaxa is a non membership-based club, with more than 35,000 members outside Mexico.
/m/01pl14	Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College is a public coeducational university located in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. The University was founded in 1853 in what is now known as Pineville, Louisiana, under the name Louisiana State Seminary of Learning & Military Academy. The current LSU main campus was dedicated in 1926, and consists of more than 250 buildings constructed in the style of Italian Renaissance architect Andrea Palladio, and occupies a 650-acre plateau on the banks of the Mississippi River.\nLSU is the flagship institution of the Louisiana State University System, and the largest institution of higher education in Louisiana in terms of student enrollment. In 2011, the University enrolled nearly 24,000 undergraduate and over 5,000 graduate students in 14 schools and colleges. Several of LSU's graduate schools, such as the E.J. Ourso College of Business and the Paul M. Hebert Law Center, have received national recognition in their respective fields of study. Designated as a land-grant, sea-grant and space-grant institution, LSU is also noted for its extensive research facilities, operating some 800 sponsored research projects funded by agencies such as the National Institutes of Health, the National Science Foundation, the National Endowment for the Humanities, and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.
/m/07kc_	The theremin, originally known as the ætherphone/etherphone, thereminophone or termenvox/thereminvox is an early electronic musical instrument controlled without physical contact by the thereminist. It is named after the westernized name of its Russian inventor, Léon Theremin, who patented the device in 1928.\nThe instrument's controlling section usually consists of two metal antennas which sense the relative position of the thereminist's hands and control oscillators for frequency with one hand, and amplitude with the other. The electric signals from the theremin are amplified and sent to a loudspeaker.\nThe theremin was used in movie soundtracks such as Miklós Rózsa's for Spellbound and The Lost Weekend and Bernard Herrmann's for The Day the Earth Stood Still and as the theme tune for the ITV drama Midsomer Murders. This has led to its association with a very eerie sound. Theremins are also used in concert music and in popular music genres such as rock. Psychedelic rock bands in particular, such as Hawkwind, have often used the theremin in their work.
/m/0f4zv	Erie County is a county located in the U.S. state of New York. As of the 2010 census, the population was 919,040. The county seat is Buffalo. The county's name comes from Lake Erie, which in turn comes from the Erie tribe of Native Americans who lived south and east of the lake before 1654.\nErie County is part of the Buffalo–Niagara Falls Metropolitan Statistical Area. The southern part of the county is known as the Southtowns. Its Canadian border is the province of Ontario.
/m/01kcd	A brass instrument is a musical instrument that produces sound by sympathetic vibration of air in a tubular resonator in sympathy with the vibration of the player's lips. Brass instruments are also called labrosones, literally meaning \"lip-vibrated instruments\".\nThere are several factors involved in producing different pitches on a brass instrument. Slides, valves, crooks, or keys are used to change vibratory length of tubing, thus changing the available harmonic series, while the player's embouchure, lip tension and air flow serve to select the specific harmonic produced from the available series.\nThe view of most scholars is that the term \"brass instrument\" should be defined by the way the sound is made, as above, and not by whether the instrument is actually made of brass. Thus one finds brass instruments made of wood, like the alphorn, the cornett, the serpent and the didgeridoo, while some woodwind instruments are made of brass, like the saxophone.
/m/0tnkg	Lewiston is a city in Androscoggin County in Maine, and the second-largest city in the state. The population was 36,592 at the 2010 census. It is one of two principal cities of and included within the Lewiston-Auburn, Maine metropolitan New England city and town area and the Lewiston-Auburn, Maine Metropolitan Statistical Area, which as of 2006 census estimates has a combined population of 107,702. It is also part of the extended Portland-Lewiston-South Portland, Maine combined statistical area, which has a combined population 621,219 as of 2006 estimates.\nA former industrial center, it is located in south-central Maine, at the falls of the Androscoggin River, across from Auburn. Lewiston and Auburn are often considered a single entity and referred to as Lewiston–Auburn, colloquially abbreviated as L-A or L/A. They have a combined population of 59,647 people. Together, Lewiston-Auburn is somewhat smaller than Maine's largest city, Portland. Lewiston is home to Bates College, the Basilica of Saints Peter and Paul, the University of Southern Maine's Lewiston-Auburn College, and two significant regional general hospitals: Central Maine Medical Center and Saint Mary's Regional Medical Center.
/m/0m__z	Galway, or the City of Galway, is a city in Ireland. It is in the West Region and the province of Connacht. Galway City Council is the local authority for the city. Galway lies on the River Corrib between Lough Corrib and Galway Bay and is surrounded by County Galway. It is the fourth most populous urban area in the Republic of Ireland and the sixth most populous city on the island of Ireland.
/m/0z1cr	Chillicothe is a city in and the county seat of Ross County, Ohio, United States. It is a part of Greater Columbus Metropolitan Area.\nThe population was 21,901 at the 2010 census. It is the only city in Ross County and the center of the Chillicothe Micropolitan Statistical Area. Chillicothe is a designated Tree City USA by the National Arbor Day Foundation.
/m/01jpyb	The University of Nevada, Reno is a teaching and research university established in 1874 and located in Reno, Nevada, USA. It is the sole land grant institution for the state of Nevada.\nThe campus is home to the large-scale structures laboratory in the College of Engineering, which has put Nevada researchers at the forefront nationally in a wide range of civil engineering, earthquake and large-scale structures testing and modeling. The Nevada Terawatt Facility, located on a satellite campus of the university, includes a terawatt-level Z-pinch machine and terawatt-class high-intensity laser system – one of the most powerful such lasers on any college campus in the country. It is home to the University of Nevada School of Medicine, with campuses in both of Nevada's major urban centers, Las Vegas and Reno, and a health network that extends to much of rural Nevada. The faculty are considered worldwide and national leaders in diverse areas such as environmental literature, journalism, Basque studies, and social sciences such as psychology. It is also home to the Donald W. Reynolds School of Journalism, which has produced six Pulitzer Prize winners. The school includes 16 clinical departments and five nationally recognized basic science departments.
/m/057xs89	This is a following list of the MTV Movie Award winners and nominees for Best Villain. In 2012, the award was renamed to Best On-Screen Dirt Bag. In 2013, the award was renamed back to Best Villain. Two of the winners also won Academy Awards for their performances.
/m/0nqph	Arlington is a city in the U.S. state of Texas, within the Dallas–Fort Worth–Arlington metropolitan area and Tarrant County. According to the U.S. Census Bureau's estimate, the city had a population of almost 374,000 at the end of 2011, making it the third largest municipality in the metropolitan area. Arlington is the fiftieth most populous city in the United States and the seventh most populous city in the state of Texas; it is also the largest city in the state that is not a county seat.\nLocated approximately 12 miles east of downtown Fort Worth and 20 miles west of downtown Dallas, Arlington is home to the University of Texas at Arlington, a doctoral-granting institution, and a General Motors assembly plant. Additionally Arlington hosts the Texas Rangers' Rangers Ballpark in Arlington, AT&T Stadium, the International Bowling Campus, the headquarters for American Mensa, and the theme parks Six Flags Over Texas and Hurricane Harbor. Arlington is the headquarters of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission Region IV.\nArlington borders Kennedale, Grand Prairie, Mansfield and Fort Worth, and surrounds the smaller communities of Dalworthington Gardens and Pantego.
/m/02tqm5	Evil Angels, released as A Cry in the Dark outside of Australia and New Zealand, is a 1988 Australian film directed by Fred Schepisi. The screenplay by Schepisi and Robert Caswell is based on John Bryson's 1985 book of the same name. It chronicles the case of Azaria Chamberlain, a nine-week-old baby girl who disappeared from a camp-ground near Uluru in August 1980 and the struggle of her parents, Michael and Lindy, to prove their innocence to a public convinced that they were complicit in her death. Meryl Streep and Sam Neill star as the Chamberlains, and Streep was Oscar nominated for her performance.\nThe film was released less than two months after the Chamberlains were exonerated by the Northern Territory Court of Appeals of all charges filed against them.
/m/0bj25	All About Eve is a 1950 American drama film written and directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz, and produced by Darryl F. Zanuck. It was based on the 1946 short story \"The Wisdom of Eve\" by Mary Orr, although screen credit was not given for it.\nThe film stars Bette Davis as Margo Channing, a highly regarded but aging Broadway star. Anne Baxter plays Eve Harrington, an ambitious young fan who insinuates herself into Channing's life, ultimately threatening Channing's career and her personal relationships. George Sanders, Celeste Holm, Hugh Marlowe, Barbara Bates, Gary Merrill, and Thelma Ritter also appear, and the film provided one of Marilyn Monroe's earliest important roles.\nPraised by critics at the time of its release, All About Eve was nominated for 14 Academy Awards and won six, including Best Picture. As of 2013, All About Eve is still the only film in Oscar history to receive four female acting nominations. All About Eve was selected in 1990 for preservation in the United States National Film Registry and was among the first 50 films to be registered. All About Eve appeared at #16 on AFI's 1998 list of the 100 best American films.
/m/026v_78	Ernest Haller, A.S.C. also credited as Ernie B. Haller, was an American cinematographer.\nBorn in Los Angeles, California, Haller joined Biograph Studios as an actor in 1914, then began to freelance as a cinematographer. By 1920, he was a full-fledged director of photography and worked on some 180 films.\nAmong his notable films, many of which starred Bette Davis, are Captain Blood, Dangerous, That Certain Woman, Jezebel, Dark Victory, Gone with the Wind, All This, and Heaven Too, The Bride Came C.O.D., Mr. Skeffington, Mildred Pierce, Deception, Humoresque, Winter Meeting, Rebel Without a Cause, What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?, Lilies of the Field and Dead Ringer.\nOn the second pilot episode for the television series Star Trek, \"Where No Man Has Gone Before\", Haller came out of semi-retirement to serve as director of photography. Director James Goldstone recommended Haller at the last minute, after attempts to locate a cameraman had proved problematic.\nHaller was nominated for the Academy Award seven times and won the Oscar for Best Cinematography for Gone with the Wind.
/m/030s5g	Jerry Wald was an American screenwriter and a producer of films and radio programs.
/m/02lnhv	Bai Ling is a Chinese-born American actress known for her work in films such as The Crow, Red Corner and Wild Wild West, and in TV series such as Entourage and Lost. In 2011 she appeared in the fifth season of the VH1 reality television series Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew, which documented her recovery from alcohol addiction. She speaks both English and Mandarin fluently.
/m/03z1c5	The Albania national football team is the national association football team of Albania and it has represented the Albanian nation since 1932.\nAlthough it never played any matches, the Albanian national football team existed before FSHF was created. This is witnessed by the registration of the team in the Balkan Cup tournament of 1929-1931, which started in 1929. FSHF was founded on June 6, 1930, and Albania had to wait 16 years to play its first international match, debuting against Yugoslavia in 1946. In 1932, Albania joined FIFA and in 1954, it was one of the founding members of UEFA.
/m/0f25w9	Chicken is the most common type of poultry in the world, and was one of the first domesticated animals. Chicken is a major world wide source of meat and eggs for human consumption. It is prepared as food in a wide variety of ways, varying by region and culture. The prevalence of chickens is due almost the entire chicken being edible, and the ease of raising them. In the developed world chickens are usually subject to intensive farming methods.
/m/01nn7r	Corpus Christi College is a constituent college of the University of Cambridge. It is notable as the only college founded by Cambridge townspeople: it was established in 1352 by the Guilds of Corpus Christi and the Blessed Virgin Mary, making it the sixth-oldest college in Cambridge. With around 500 students and fellows, it is also the second smallest of the traditional colleges of the University, and the smallest in terms of undergraduate student intake.\nThe College is one of the more academically successful colleges in the University of Cambridge. In the unofficial Tompkins Table, Corpus's 2012 position was third, with 32.4% of its undergraduates achieving first-class results. Its average position is 12 out of 29.\nCorpus ranks among the wealthiest Cambridge colleges in terms of fixed assets, being exceptionally rich in silver. The College's endowment valued at £78m at the end of June 2013, which places it in the top third of the university colleges. In addition to the endowment the College operational buildings were valued at £118m at the end of the fiscal year 2013.
/m/02qjv1p	The Pacific is a 2010 television series produced by HBO, Seven Network Australia, Sky Movies, Playtone and DreamWorks that premiered in the United States on 14 March 2010.\nThe series is a companion piece to the 2001 miniseries Band of Brothers and focuses on the United States Marine Corps' actions in the Pacific Theater of Operations within the wider Pacific War. Whereas Band of Brothers followed one company of the 506th Parachute Infantry Regiment through the European Theater, The Pacific centers on the experiences of three Marines who were all in different regiments of the 1st Marine Division.\nThe Pacific was spearheaded by Bruce McKenna, one of the main writers on Band of Brothers. Hugh Ambrose, the son of Band of Brothers author Stephen Ambrose, served as a project consultant.\nThe miniseries features the 1st Marine Division's battles in the Pacific, such as Guadalcanal, Cape Gloucester, Peleliu, and Okinawa, as well as Basilone's involvement in the Battle of Iwo Jima. It is based primarily on the memoirs of two U.S. Marines: With the Old Breed: At Peleliu and Okinawa by Eugene Sledge; and Helmet for My Pillow by Robert Leckie. It also draws on Sledge's China Marine and Red Blood, Black Sand, the memoir of Chuck Tatum, a Marine who fought alongside Basilone on Iwo Jima.
/m/0b6k40	Gresham’s School is an independent coeducational boarding school in Holt in North Norfolk, England. Gresham's School is one of the top 20 IB schools in England.\nThe school was founded in 1555 by Sir John Gresham as a free grammar school for forty boys, following King Henry VIII's dissolution of the Augustinian priory at Beeston Regis. The founder left the school's endowments in the hands of the Worshipful Company of Fishmongers of the City of London, who are still the school's trustees.\nIn the 1890s, an increase in the rental income of property in the City of London led to a major expansion of the school, which built many new buildings on land it owned on the eastern edge of Holt, including several new boarding houses as well as new teaching buildings, library, and chapel.\nGresham's began to admit girls in the mid-1970s and is now fully co-educational. As well as its senior school, it operates a preparatory and a Pre-Prep school, the latter now in the Old School House, the original senior school. Altogether, the three schools teach about eight hundred children.
/m/0975t6	The Crimean Astrophysical Observatory is located in Nauchny, near Bakhchysarai, Ukraine. CrAO has been publishing the Bulletin of the Crimean Astrophysical Observatory since 1947, in English since 1977. The observatory facilities are located on territory of settlement of Nauchny since the mid-1950s; before that, they were further south, near Simeis. The latter facilities still see some use, and are referred to as the Crimean Astrophysical Observatory-Simeis.\nA view to the Crimean Astrophysical Observatory and Nauchnij from the nearby place called \"Скалы\". Observatory domes seen above the line of horizon are 2.6 m ZTSH telescope, 1.25 m AZT-11 telescope, and BST-1 Solar telescope.\nBST-1 Solar telescope of the Crimean Astrophysical Observatory, Crimea, Ukraine.\ntelescope 2.6 m. Large optical telescope is named after G.A.Shajn.\n122 cm Babelsberg telescope.\nRally for the rescue of the Crimean Astrophysical Observatory. February,05 2013
/m/03f19q4	LaRon Louis James, better known by his stage name Juelz Santana, is an American rapper and actor. He hails from Harlem, New York City and is member of East Coast hip hop group The Diplomats. He appeared on Cam'ron's 2002 singles, \"Oh Boy\" and \"Hey Ma\". In 2003, his debut album From Me to U was released by Roc-A-Fella Records; his next album What the Game's Been Missing! contained the top-ten single \"There It Go\". He is currently working on his long awaited third studio album Born to Lose, Built to Win set to be released in 2014.
/m/0j4sj	The broadsheet is the largest of newspaper formats and is characterized by long vertical pages. The term derives from types of popular prints usually just of a single sheet, sold on the streets and containing various types of material, from ballads to political satire. The first broadsheet newspaper was the Dutch Courante uyt Italien, Duytslandt, &c. published in 1618.\nOther common newspaper formats include the smaller Berliner and tabloid/compact formats.
/m/01nwwl	James \"Jim\" Broadbent is an English theatre, film and television actor. He is known for his roles in Iris, Moulin Rouge!, Topsy-Turvy, Bridget Jones' Diary, Hot Fuzz, Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull, The Iron Lady, and Cloud Atlas. He also appears in the later Harry Potter films as Horace Slughorn.\nBroadbent has also starred in the drama television film Longford, receiving the British Academy Television Award for Best Actor and Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Miniseries or Television Film.
/m/01ww2fs	Merle Ronald Haggard is an American country and Western song writer, singer, guitarist, fiddler, and instrumentalist. Along with Buck Owens, Haggard and his band The Strangers helped create the Bakersfield sound, which is characterized by the unique twang of Fender Telecaster and the unique mix with the traditional country steel guitar sound, new vocal harmony styles in which the words are minimal, and a rough edge not heard on the more polished Nashville Sound recordings of the same era.\nBy the 1970s, Haggard was aligned with the growing outlaw country movement, and has continued to release successful albums through the 1990s and into the 2000s. In 1994, he was inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame. In 1997, he was inducted into the Oklahoma Music Hall of Fame.
/m/02gpkt	Rush Hour is a 1998 American action comedy film and the first installment in the Rush Hour series. Directed by Brett Ratner and starring Jackie Chan and Chris Tucker. It was followed by two sequels, Rush Hour 2 and Rush Hour 3.
/m/0mw_q	Beaver County is a county located in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2010 census, the population was 170,539. Its county seat is Beaver.\nBeaver County was created on March 12, 1800, from parts of Allegheny and Washington Counties.\nBeaver County is part of the Pittsburgh Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/021dvj	Ballet as a music form progressed from simply a complement to dance, to a concrete compositional form that often had as much value as the dance that went along with it. The dance form, originating in France during the 17th century, began as a theatrical dance. It was not until the 19th century that ballet gained status as a “classical” form. In ballet, the terms ‘classical’ and ‘romantic’ are chronologically reversed from musical usage. Thus, the 19th century classical period in ballet coincided with the 19th century Romantic era in Music. Ballet music composers from the 17th–19th centuries, including the likes of Jean-Baptiste Lully and Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky, were predominantly in France and Russia. Yet with the increased international notoriety seen in Tchaikovsky’s lifetime, ballet music composition and ballet in general spread across the western world.
/m/01ckcd	The Grammy Award for Best Rock Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal was awarded between 1980 and 2011.\nThe award was discontinued after the 2011 award season in a major overhaul of Grammy categories. From 2012, all solo or duo/group performances in the rock category was shifted to the newly formed Best Rock Performance category.\nU2 hold the record for most awards with a total of seven, followed by Aerosmith who have won four times.
/m/016ckq	Motown is an American record company founded by Berry Gordy, Jr. in 1959 in Detroit, Michigan, in the United States. The name, a portmanteau of motor and town, is also a nickname for Detroit. Motown played an important role in the racial integration of popular music by achieving a crossover success. In the 1960s, Motown and its subsidiaries were the most successful proponents of what came to be known as \"The Motown Sound\", a style of soul music with a distinct pop influence. During the 1960s, Motown achieved spectacular success for a small record company: 79 records in the Billboard Top Ten between 1960 and 1969.\nGordy originally set up two nominally separate labels in 1959, in order to avoid accusations of payola should DJs play too many records from one label. The two labels featured the same writers, producers and artists, and they were both formally incorporated together as Motown Record Corporation on April 14, 1960.\nMany more subsidiary labels were established later under the umbrella of the Motown parent company, including Gordy Records, Soul Records and VIP Records; in reality the Motown Record Corporation controlled all of these labels. Most of the distinctions between Motown labels were largely arbitrary, with the same writers, producers and musicians working on all the major subsidiaries, and artists were often shuffled between labels for internal marketing reasons. All of these records are usually considered to be \"Motown\", regardless of whether they actually appeared on the Motown Records label itself.
/m/0swff	The 1994 Winter Olympics, officially known as the XVII Olympic Winter Games, was a winter multi-sport event celebrated from 12 to 27 February 1994 in and around Lillehammer, Norway. Lillehammer failed to win the bid for the 1992 event. Lillehammer was awarded the 1994 Winter Olympics in 1988, after beating Anchorage, United States; Östersund, Sweden; and Sofia, Bulgaria. The Games were the first to be held in a different year from the Summer Olympics, the first and only one to be held two years after the previous winter games, and the most recent to be held in a small town. The Games were the second winter event hosted in Norway, after the 1952 Winter Olympics in Oslo, and the fourth Olympics in the Nordic Countries, after the 1912 Summer Olympics in Stockholm, Oslo, and the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki, Finland.\nWhile many events took place in Lillehammer, skating took place in Hamar, some ice hockey matches were placed in Gjøvik, while Alpine skiing was held in Øyer and Ringebu. Sixty-seven countries and 1,737 athletes participated in six sports and sixty-one events. Fourteen countries made their debut in the Winter Olympics, of which nine were former Soviet republics. The Games also saw the introduction of stricter qualifying rules, reducing the number of under-performing participants from warm-weather countries. New events were two new distances in short track speed skating and aerials, while speed skating was moved indoors. Nearly two million people spectated the games, which were the first to have the Olympic truce in effect. The games were succeeded by the 1994 Paralympics from 10 to 19 March.
/m/011w4n	Nancy is a city in the north-eastern French department of Meurthe-et-Moselle, and formerly the capital of the Duchy of Lorraine, and then the French province of the same name. Place Stanislas, a large square built between March 1752 and November 1755 by Stanislaw I to link the medieval old town of Nancy and the new town built under Charles III in the 17th century, is an UNESCO World Heritage Site.\nThe city is the head of the department. The metropolitan area of Nancy had a population of 410,509 inhabitants at the 1999 census, 103,602 of whom lived in the city of Nancy proper.\nThe motto of the city is Non inultus premor, Latin for \"I’m not touched with impunity\" a reference to the thistle, which is a symbol of Lorraine.
/m/0118v	The Australian Army is Australia's military land force. It is part of the Australian Defence Force along with the Royal Australian Navy and the Royal Australian Air Force. While the Chief of Defence commands the Australian Defence Force, the Army is commanded by the Chief of Army. The CA is therefore subordinate to the CDF, but is also directly responsible to the Minister for Defence. Although Australian soldiers have been involved in a number of minor and major conflicts throughout its history, only in World War II has Australian territory come under direct attack.
/m/03h_yfh	Nathaniel Adams Coles, known professionally as Nat King Cole, was an American singer and musician who first came to prominence as a leading jazz pianist. He was widely noted for his soft, baritone voice, which he used to perform in big band and jazz genres.\nCole was one of the first African Americans to host a television variety show, The Nat King Cole Show, and has maintained worldwide popularity since his death from lung cancer in February 1965.
/m/03f3_p3	Nina Simone was an American singer, songwriter, pianist, arranger, and civil rights activist widely associated with jazz music. Simone aspired to become a classical pianist while working in a broad range of styles including classical, jazz, blues, folk, R&B, gospel, and pop.\nBorn the sixth child of a preacher's family in North Carolina, Simone aspired to be a concert pianist. Her musical path changed direction after she was denied a scholarship to the prestigious Curtis Institute of Music in Philadelphia, despite a well-received audition. Simone was later told by someone working at Curtis that she was rejected because she was black. When she began playing in a small club in Philadelphia to fund her continuing musical education and become a classical pianist she was required to sing as well. She was approached for a recording by Bethlehem Records, and her rendering of \"I Loves You, Porgy\" was a hit in the United States in 1958. Over the length of her career Simone recorded more than 40 albums, mostly between 1958—when she made her debut with Little Girl Blue—and 1974.\nHer musical style arose from a fusion of gospel and pop songs with classical music, in particular with influences from her first inspiration, Johann Sebastian Bach, and accompanied with her expressive jazz-like singing in her characteristic contralto. She injected as much of her classical background into her music as possible to give it more depth and quality, as she felt that pop music was inferior to classical. Her intuitive grasp on the audience–performer relationship was gained from a unique background of playing piano accompaniment for church revivals and sermons regularly from the early age of six years old.
/m/0gmf0nj	Bounce TV is a United States television network airing on digital terrestrial television stations. Promoted as \"the first 24/7 digital multicast broadcast network created exclusively for African Americans,\" Bounce TV launched on September 26, 2011 and features programming geared toward blacks and African Americans in the 25-54 age range.
/m/02ct_k	David Hyde Pierce is an American actor and comedian. Pierce is known for playing the psychiatrist Dr. Niles Crane on the hit NBC sitcom Frasier, for which he won four Emmy Awards during the show's run.
/m/05krk	The Ohio State University, commonly referred to as Ohio State or OSU, is a public research university in Columbus, Ohio. Founded in 1870, as a land-grant university and ninth university in Ohio with the Morrill Act of 1862, the university was originally known as the Ohio Agricultural and Mechanical College. The college began with a focus on training students in various agricultural and mechanical disciplines but was developed into a comprehensive university under the direction of Governor Rutherford B. Hayes and by 1878, the college changed its name to its current name. It has since grown into the third largest university campus in the United States. In 2007, Ohio State was officially designated as the flagship institution of Ohio's public universities as part of the newly centralized University System of Ohio. Along with its main campus in Columbus, Ohio State also operates a regional campus system with regional campuses in Lima, Mansfield, Marion, Newark, and Wooster.\nThe university is also home to an extensive student life program, with over 1,000 student organizations; intercollegiate, club and recreational sports programs; student media organizations and publications, fraternities and sororities; and an active student government association. Ohio State athletic teams compete in Division I of the NCAA and are known as the Ohio State Buckeyes. The university is a member of the Big Ten Conference for the majority of sports. The Ohio State Buckeyes men's ice hockey program competes in the Big Ten Conference, and its women's hockey program competes in the Western Collegiate Hockey Association. In addition, the OSU men's volleyball is a member of the Midwestern Intercollegiate Volleyball Association while the men's lacrosse team is a member of the ECAC Lacrosse League. OSU is one of only thirteen universities in the nation that plays Division I FBS football and Division I ice hockey. Alumni and former students have gone on to prominent careers in government, business, science, medicine, education, sports, and entertainment. Effective Monday, July 1, 2013, Executive Vice President and Provost, Joseph A. Alutto, assumed the role of Acting President following the retirement of E. Gordon Gee. Effective June 30, 2014, Michael V. Drake will assume the role of president.
/m/01vdrw	Joyce Carol Oates is an American author. Oates published her first book in 1963 and has since published over forty novels, as well as a number of plays and novellas, and many volumes of short stories, poetry, and nonfiction. She has won many awards for her writing, including the National Book Award, for her novel them, two O. Henry Awards, and the National Humanities Medal. Her novels Black Water, What I Lived For, and Blonde were nominated for the Pulitzer Prize.\nOates has taught at Princeton University since 1978 and is currently the Roger S. Berlind '52 Professor in the Humanities with the Program in Creative Writing. She expects to teach her last Princeton writing seminar in the fall of 2014, and to formally retire from teaching the following July.
/m/06z9f8	Xerez Club Deportivo, S.A.D., known simply as Xerez, is a Spanish football team based in Jerez de la Frontera, Province of Cádiz, in the autonomous community of Andalusia. Founded on 24 September 1947 it plays in Tercera División, holding home matches at Estadio Municipal de Chapín, with an overall 20,523-seat capacity.\nTeam colours are usually blue shirt and socks, and white shorts.
/m/02fbpz	Mohanlal Viswanathan Nair, known as Mohanlal, is an Indian film actor and producer best known for his work in Malayalam films.\nMohanlal made his acting debut in Thiranottam but the film was unreleased then due to censorship issues, it got released later, after 25 years, in five theaters. He followed that by a role as the antagonist in his first release Manjil Virinja Pookkal at the age of 20. Mohanlal has also acted in a number of Tamil and Bollywood films. Of these, his notable roles were in Iruvar, directed by Mani Ratnam, and Company, directed by Ram Gopal Varma. As well as being an actor and producer, Mohanlal also owns businesses involved in film distribution, restaurants and packaged spices.\nHe was elected as most popular Keralite in a 2006 online poll conducted by CNN-IBN on the occasion of the 50th anniversary of Kerala's formation. In 2001, the Government of India honoured him with the Padma Shri, India's fourth highest civilian honour, for his contributions to Indian cinema. He has won four Indian National Film Awards — two Best Actor Awards, one Special Jury Award for acting, and one Award for Best Film as producer along with six Kerala State Film Awards for Best Actor. In 2009, he became the first actor to be given the honorary rank of Lieutenant Colonel in the Territorial Army of India and in 2010 received an honorary doctorate from Sree Sankaracharya University of Sanskrit, Kerala.
/m/0bymv	John Sidney McCain III is the senior United States Senator from Arizona. He was the Republican presidential nominee in the 2008 United States election.\nMcCain followed his father and grandfather, both four-star admirals, into the United States Navy, graduating from the U.S. Naval Academy in 1958. He became a naval aviator, flying ground-attack aircraft from aircraft carriers. During the Vietnam War, he was almost killed in the 1967 USS Forrestal fire. In October 1967, while on a bombing mission over Hanoi, he was shot down, seriously injured, and captured by the North Vietnamese. He was a prisoner of war until 1973. McCain experienced episodes of torture, and refused an out-of-sequence early repatriation offer. His war wounds left him with lifelong physical limitations.\nHe retired from the Navy as a captain in 1981 and moved to Arizona, where he entered politics. Elected to the U.S. House of Representatives in 1982, he served two terms, and was then elected to the U.S. Senate in 1986, winning re-election easily four times, most recently in 2010. While generally adhering to conservative principles, McCain at times has had a media reputation as a \"maverick\" for his willingness to disagree with his party on certain issues. After being investigated and largely exonerated in a political influence scandal of the 1980s as a member of the Keating Five, he made campaign finance reform one of his signature concerns, which eventually led to the passage of the McCain-Feingold Act in 2002. He is also known for his work towards restoring diplomatic relations with Vietnam in the 1990s, and for his belief that the war in Iraq should be fought to a successful conclusion. McCain has chaired the Senate Commerce Committee, opposed spending that he considered to be pork barrel, and played a key role in alleviating a crisis over judicial nominations.
/m/072hv	Sinusitis or rhinosinusitis is inflammation of the paranasal sinuses. It can be due to infection, allergy, or autoimmune problems. Most cases are due to a viral infection and resolve over the course of 10 days. It is a common condition, with over 24 million cases annually in the U.S.
/m/017r13	John Gavin Malkovich is an American actor, producer, director, and fashion designer. Over the last 30 years of his career, Malkovich has appeared in more than 70 motion pictures. For his roles in Places in the Heart and In the Line of Fire, he received Academy Award nominations. He has also appeared in well-received films such as Empire of the Sun, The Killing Fields, Dangerous Liaisons, Of Mice and Men, Being John Malkovich, Burn After Reading, RED, and Warm Bodies, as well as producing numerous films, including Juno and The Perks of Being a Wallflower.
/m/01m7pwq	Aldo Nova is a Canadian guitarist, keyboardist, vocalist and producer. Nova initially gained fame with his self-titled debut album Aldo Nova in 1982 and its accompanying single, \"Fantasy,\" which climbed to Number 23 on the Billboard Hot 100.
/m/031ydm	Cynthia Michele Watros is an American television actress, who also starred in films and on stage. She is known for her roles as Libby on the ABC TV series Lost, Kellie in The Drew Carey Show, Erin in Titus, and Annie Dutton in Guiding Light. She was born in Lake Orion, Michigan.
/m/05rx__	H. Jon Benjamin is an American actor, comedian and writer. He is best known for his voice acting roles as Ben on Dr. Katz, Professional Therapist, Coach McGuirk and Jason on Home Movies, The Devil on Lucy, Daughter of the Devil, Sterling Archer in FX's animated series Archer and Bob Belcher in the Fox animated series Bob's Burgers. Benjamin also starred in his own series on Comedy Central, Jon Benjamin Has a Van.
/m/03_jhh	Shanachie Records was founded in 1975 by Richard Nevins and Dan Collins. The label is named for shanachie, an Irish 'story teller'.\nAccording to Harvey Pekar, it is one of the largest independent record labels in the world, and is currently distributed by E1 Music. Starting as a record label that specialized in fiddle music, they began releasing work by Celtic groups such as Planxty, Clannad. Other genres on the label include Latin American, African music, soul, country and ska. In 1989 they acquired Yazoo Records from Nick Perls. This allowed them to release vintage jazz and blues recordings. Today, they have another imprint, Shanachie Jazz.\nShanachie Records is primarily a reggae label, licensing and releasing music from artists such as Rita Marley, Yabby You, The Mighty Diamonds, Lucky Dube, Max Romeo, and John Brown's Body throughout the years. Shanachie was also the U.S. liaison for the UK-based reggae label, Greensleeves Records, until about 1987. Shanachie also issued material for Augustus Pablo under the Message imprint of his company, Rockers International.\nThe Grammy Award winning Soweto Gospel Choir releases albums on Shanachie Records, as has Grammy nominated Liquid Soul.
/m/09sdmz	The Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Supporting Role is an award given by the Screen Actors Guild to honor the finest acting achievements in film.\nNote:\n\"†\" indicates the winner of the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor.\n\"‡\" indicates a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor.
/m/09bcm	Venus is the second planet from the Sun, orbiting it every 224.7 Earth days. It has no natural satellite. It is named after the Roman goddess of love and beauty. After the Moon, it is the brightest natural object in the night sky, reaching an apparent magnitude of −4.6, bright enough to cast shadows. Because Venus is an inferior planet from Earth, it never appears to venture far from the Sun: its elongation reaches a maximum of 47.8°. Venus reaches its maximum brightness shortly before sunrise or shortly after sunset, for which reason it has been referred to by ancient cultures as the Morning Star or Evening Star.\nVenus is a terrestrial planet and is sometimes called Earth's \"sister planet\" because of their similar size, gravity, and bulk composition. However, it has also been shown to be very different from Earth in other respects. It has the densest atmosphere of the four terrestrial planets, consisting of more than 96% carbon dioxide. The atmospheric pressure at the planet's surface is 92 times that of Earth's. With a mean surface temperature of 735 K, Venus is by far the hottest planet in the Solar System. It has no carbon cycle to lock carbon back into rocks and surface features, nor does it seem to have any organic life to absorb it in biomass. Venus is shrouded by an opaque layer of highly reflective clouds of sulfuric acid, preventing its surface from being seen from space in visible light. Venus may have possessed oceans in the past, but these would have vaporized as the temperature rose due to a runaway greenhouse effect. The water has most probably photodissociated, and, because of the lack of a planetary magnetic field, the free hydrogen has been swept into interplanetary space by the solar wind. Venus's surface is a dry desertscape interspersed with slab-like rocks and periodically refreshed by volcanism.
/m/0hsmh	Robert Earl Wise was an American film director, producer and editor. He won Academy Awards for Best Director and Best Picture for West Side Story and The Sound of Music. He was also nominated for Best Film Editing for Citizen Kane and Best Picture for The Sand Pebbles.\nAmong his other films are The Body Snatcher, Born to Kill, The Set-Up, The Day the Earth Stood Still, Destination Gobi, This Could Be The Night, Run Silent, Run Deep, I Want to Live!, The Haunting, The Andromeda Strain, The Hindenburg and Star Trek: The Motion Picture.\nWise was the president of the Directors Guild of America from 1971 to 1975 and the president of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences from 1984 through 1987.\nOften contrasted with auteur directors such as Stanley Kubrick, who tended to bring a distinctive directorial \"look\" to a particular genre, Wise is famously viewed to have allowed his story to dictate style. Later critics, such as Martin Scorsese, expanded that characterization, insisting that despite Wise's notorious workaday concentration on stylistic perfection within the confines of genre and budget, his choice of subject matter and approach still functioned to identify Wise as an artist and not merely an artisan. Through whatever means, Wise's approach brought him critical success as a director in many different traditional film genres: horror, noir, western, war, science fiction, musical and drama, with many repeat successes within each genre. Wise's tendency towards professionalism led to a degree of preparedness which, though nominally motivated by studio budget constraints, nevertheless advanced the moviemaking art, with many Academy Award-winning films as the result. Robert Wise received the AFI Life Achievement Award in 1998.
/m/015wc0	Bernard Herrmann was an American composer known for his work in motion pictures.\nAn Academy Award-winner, Herrmann is particularly known for his collaborations with director Alfred Hitchcock, most famously Psycho, North by Northwest, The Man Who Knew Too Much, and Vertigo. He also composed scores for many other movies, including Citizen Kane, The Day the Earth Stood Still, The Ghost and Mrs. Muir, Cape Fear, and Taxi Driver. He worked extensively in radio drama, composed the scores for several fantasy films by Ray Harryhausen, and many TV programs including Rod Serling's The Twilight Zone and Have Gun–Will Travel.
/m/027rfxc	Dorothy Spencer was an American film editor. Nominated for an Academy Award on several occasions she is remembered for editing several of director John Ford's best known movies, including Stagecoach and what film critic Roger Ebert calls, \"Ford's greatest Western,\" My Darling Clementine.\nShe was born in Covington, Kentucky
/m/02p8v8	Freddie Dalton \"Fred\" Thompson is an American politician, actor, attorney, lobbyist, columnist, and radio host. Thompson, a Republican, served in the United States Senate representing Tennessee from 1994 to 2003.\nThompson served as chairman of the International Security Advisory Board at the United States Department of State, was a member of the U.S.-China Economic and Security Review Commission, a member of the Council on Foreign Relations, and is a Visiting Fellow with the American Enterprise Institute, specializing in national security and intelligence.\nAs an actor, Thompson has appeared in a large number of movies and television shows. He has frequently portrayed governmental figures. In the final months of his U.S. Senate term in 2002, Thompson joined the cast of the long-running NBC television series Law & Order, playing Manhattan District Attorney Arthur Branch.
/m/041b4j	Sylvia Sidney was an American character actress of stage, screen and film, who rose to prominence in the 1930s appearing in numerous crime dramas.
/m/06czyr	Sara Elena Ramirez is a Mexican singer/songwriter and actress. She is known for her role as Dr. Callie Torres in the medical drama Grey's Anatomy, and as the original Lady of the Lake in the 2005 Broadway musical Spamalot, for which she won the Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Musical.
/m/02ndf1	Michael Connelly is an American author of detective novels and other crime fiction, notably those featuring LAPD Detective Hieronymus \"Harry\" Bosch and criminal defense attorney Mickey Haller. His books, which have been translated into 36 languages, have garnered him many awards. Connelly was the President of the Mystery Writers of America from 2003 to 2004.
/m/01prdc	A limited liability company is a flexible form of enterprise that blends elements of partnership and corporate structures. An LLC is not a corporation; it is a legal form of company that provides limited liability to its owners in the vast majority of United States jurisdictions. LLCs do not need to be organized for profit. Certain types of businesses that provide professional services requiring a state professional license, such as legal or medical services, may not form an LLC but use a very similar form called a Professional Limited Liability Company.
/m/06gn7r	Utpal Dutta was an Indian actor, director, and writer-playwright. He was primarily an actor in Bengali theatre, where he became a pioneering figure in Modern Indian theatre, when he founded the 'Little Theater Group' in 1947, which enacted many English, Shakespearean and Brecht plays, in a period now known as the 'Epic theater' period, before immersing itself completely in highly political and radical theatre. His plays became apt vehicle of the expression for his Marxist ideologies, visible in socio-political plays like, Kallol, Manusher Adhikar, Louha Manob, Tiner Toloar and Maha-Bidroha. He also acted over 100 Bengali and Hindi films in his career spanning 40 years, and remains most known for his roles in films like Mrinal Sen’s Bhuvan Shome, Satyajit Ray’s Agantuk, Gautam Ghose’s Padma Nadir Majhi and Hrishikesh Mukherjee's breezy comedies such as Gol Maal and Rang Birangi.\nHe received National Film Award for Best Actor in 1970 and three Filmfare Best Comedian Awards. In 1990, the Sangeet Natak Akademi, India's National Academy of Music, Dance and Theatre, awarded him its highest award the Sangeet Natak Akademi Fellowship for lifetime contribution to theatre.
/m/0mymy	Tuscarawas County is a county located in the eastern part of the U.S. state of Ohio. According to the 2010 census, it has a population of 92,582, which is an increase of 1.8% from 90,914 in 2000. Its county seat is New Philadelphia. Its name is a Delaware Indian word variously translated as \"old town\" or \"open mouth\".\nThe New Philadelphia–Dover Micropolitan Statistical Area and the Cleveland-Akron-Canton Combined Statistical Area includes all of Tuscarawas County.
/m/01m2v2	Butte is a city in Montana, and the county seat of Silver Bow County, United States. In 1977, the city and county governments consolidated to form the sole entity of Butte-Silver Bow. As of the 2010 census, Butte's population was 34,200. Butte is currently Montana's fifth largest city.\nIn the 19th and 20th centuries, Butte experienced every stage of development of a mining town, from camp to boomtown to mature city to center for historic preservation and environmental cleanup. Unlike most such towns, Butte's urban landscape includes mining operations set within residential areas, making the environmental consequences of the extraction economy all the more apparent. Despite the dominance of the Anaconda Company, Butte was never a company town. It prided itself on architectural diversity and a civic ethos of rough-and-tumble individualism. In the 21st century, efforts at interpreting and preserving Butte's heritage are addressing both the town's historical significance and the continuing importance of mining to its economy and culture.\nButte was one of the largest cities west of the Mississippi for generations. Silver Bow County had 24,000 people in 1890, and peaked at 60,000 in 1920. The population steadily declined with falling copper prices after World War I,eventually dropping to 34,000 in 1990 and stabilized. In 2013, the population remains at 34,200. In its heyday between the late 19th century and about 1920, it was one of the largest and most notorious copper boomtowns in the American West, home to hundreds of saloons and a famous red-light district. The documentary Butte, America depicts its history as a copper producer and the issues of labor unionism, economic rise and decline, and environmental degradation that resulted from the activity.
/m/035s95	The Newton Boys is a 1998 American drama film based on the true story of the Newton Gang, a family of bank robbers from Uvalde, Texas. The film stars Matthew McConaughey, Skeet Ulrich, Ethan Hawke, Vincent D'Onofrio, and Dwight Yoakam. It was filmed in Austin, Bartlett, New Braunfels, and San Antonio, Texas.
/m/04gdr	The Louvre or Louvre Museum is one of the world's largest museums and a historic monument. A central landmark of Paris, France, it is located on the Right Bank of the Seine in the 1st arrondissement. Nearly 35,000 objects from prehistory to the 21st century are exhibited over an area of 60,600 square metres. With more than 9.7 million visitors each year, the Louvre is the world's most visited museum.\nThe museum is housed in the Louvre Palace, originally built as a fortress in the late 12th century under Philip II. Remnants of the fortress are visible in the basement of the museum. The building was extended many times to form the present Louvre Palace. In 1682, Louis XIV chose the Palace of Versailles for his household, leaving the Louvre primarily as a place to display the royal collection, including, from 1692, a collection of ancient Greek and Roman sculpture. In 1692, the building was occupied by the Académie des Inscriptions et Belles Lettres and the Académie Royale de Peinture et de Sculpture, which in 1699 held the first of a series of salons. The Académie remained at the Louvre for 100 years. During the French Revolution, the National Assembly decreed that the Louvre should be used as a museum to display the nation's masterpieces.
/m/0jgvy	Salisbury is a cathedral city in Wiltshire, England and the only city in the county. It is the second largest settlement in the county. It has also been called New Sarum to distinguish it from the original site of settlement to the north of the city at Old Sarum, but this alternative name is not in common use.\nThe city is located in the south-east of Wiltshire, near the edge of Salisbury Plain. It sits at the confluence of five rivers: the Nadder, Ebble, Wylye and Bourne are tributary to the Avon, which flows to the south coast and into the sea at Christchurch, Dorset. Salisbury railway station serves the city, and is the crossing point between the West of England Main Line and the Wessex Main Line, making it a regional interchange.
/m/01kckd	Aldershot Town Football Club is an English association football club based in Aldershot, Hampshire. The club participates in the Conference Premier, the fifth tier of English football. The club was founded in the spring of 1992 after the closure of debt-ridden Fourth Division club Aldershot F.C..\nAldershot Town play at the Recreation Ground in Aldershot. They competed in Football League Two from 2008 to 2013 but were relegated from the Football League at the end of the 2012–13 season. Aldershot Town entered administration on 2 May 2013.
/m/02n1p5	Hema Malini is an Indian actress, director and producer, Bharatanatyam dancer-choreographer, and a politician, well known for the roles in Hindi cinema. Making her acting debut in Sapno Ka Saudagar, she went on to appear in numerous Bollywood films, most notably those with actor and future-husband Dharmendra and with Rajesh Khanna. Malini was initially promoted as \"Dream Girl\", and in 1977 starred in a film of the same name. During this period, she established herself as one of Hindi cinema's leading actresses, noted for both her comic and dramatic roles, her beauty, and her accomplished classical dancing.\nMalini is among the most successful female film stars in the history of Indian cinema. Appearing in over 150 films in a career span of 40 years, she has starred in a large number of successful films, and her performances in both commercial and arthouse cinema, were often recognised. During her career, she has been nominated 11 times for the Filmfare Award for Best Actress, of which she won once in 1972. In 2000, she was presented with the Filmfare Lifetime Achievement Award. In the same year, she was honoured with the Padma Shri, the fourth-highest civilian honour, by the Government of India. In 2012, the Sir Padampat Singhania University conferred an Honorary Doctorate on Malini in recognition of her contribution to Indian cinema. She also served as the Chairperson of the National Film Development Corporation. She was awarded the prestigious \"SaMaPa Vitasta Award 2006\" in Delhi by SaMaPa – \"Sopori Academy of Music And Performing Arts\" by Music Legend Pandit Bhajan Sopori for her lifetime contribution and service to Indian culture and Dance.
/m/041jk9	The Puerto Rico Islanders are a professional association football team based in Bayamón, Puerto Rico. Founded in 2003, the team plays in the North American Soccer League, the second tier of the American soccer pyramid. Since 2004 the team has played its home games at Juan Ramón Loubriel Stadium; the team's colors are orange and white.\nThe club is currently suspended and on hiatus at least through the 2014 North American Soccer League season.
/m/07z1m	Virginia, officially the Commonwealth of Virginia, is a U.S. state located in the South Atlantic region of the United States. Virginia is nicknamed the \"Old Dominion\" and the \"Mother of Presidents\" after the eight U.S. presidents born there. The geography and climate of the Commonwealth are shaped by the Blue Ridge Mountains and the Chesapeake Bay, which provide habitat for much of its flora and fauna. The capital of the Commonwealth is Richmond; Virginia Beach is the most populous city, though Fairfax County is the most populous political subdivision. The Commonwealth's estimated population is 8,260,405 as of 2013.\nThe area's history begins with several indigenous groups, including the Powhatan. In 1607 the London Company established the Colony of Virginia as the first permanent New World English colony. Slave labor and the land acquired from displaced Native American tribes each played a significant role in the colony's early politics and plantation economy. Virginia was one of the 13 Colonies in the American Revolution and joined the Confederacy in the American Civil War, during which Richmond was made the Confederate capital and Virginia's northwestern counties seceded to form the state of West Virginia. Although the Commonwealth was under single-party rule for nearly a century following Reconstruction, both major national parties are competitive in modern Virginia.
/m/058z2d	St. Stephen's College is a Christian constituent college of the University of Delhi located in Delhi, India and one of the most prestigious liberal arts and sciences college of the country. The college admits both undergraduates and post-graduates, and awards degrees under the purview of the University. St. Stephen's offers degrees in the liberal arts and the sciences. The college has produced a long line of distinguished alumni. Students and alumni of the college are termed Stephanians.\nNation-wide surveys such as those by India Today and The Week have consistently described the college as amongst the best colleges in India for both arts and sciences.
/m/025ljp	MADtv is an American sketch comedy television series originally inspired by Mad magazine. The show featured animated Spy vs. Spy and Don Martin cartoon shorts as well as images of Alfred E. Neuman, although the sketch comedy rarely if ever had any relation to the magazine's content. Its first TV broadcast was on October 14, 1995. The one-hour show first-ran on Saturday nights on Fox, and was in syndication on Comedy Central. In Australia the show screens on satellite and cable TV channel The Comedy Channel and in late-night timeslots on free-to-air broadcaster the Nine Network and its affiliates.\nMADtv was created by Fax Bahr and Adam Small. The series was originally produced by Bahr/Small Productions and Quincy Jones/David Salzman Entertainment. After Bahr and Small left the series at the end of the third season, the series was handled by QDE and WB Television Distribution. The series was directed by Bruce Leddy, as well as David Grossman, and Amanda Bearse.\nOn November 12, 2008, Fox announced that MADtv's 14th season would be its last. David Salzman said that he would be exploring the continuation of the show on another channel; possibly cable. In early 2009, the show was moved to air after Talkshow with Spike Feresten, the show that normally followed MADtv, as a test, before being moved back. The series finale aired on May 16, 2009. The show was nominated for 35 Emmy awards, winning five, and was succeeded by an unrelated animated sketch comedy series, MAD that premiered in 2010.
/m/02mf7	Eugene is a major city of the Pacific Northwest located in the U.S. state of Oregon. It is the second-largest city in the state and the county seat of Lane County. It is located at the south end of the Willamette Valley, near the confluence of the McKenzie and Willamette rivers, about 50 miles east of the Oregon Coast.\nAs of the 2010 U.S. Census, Eugene has a population of 156,185, and Lane County has a population of 351,715. While Eugene has long been the second-largest city in Oregon, it was briefly surpassed by Salem between 2005 and 2007. The Eugene-Springfield, Oregon MSA is the 144th largest metropolitan statistical area of the U.S., and the third-largest in the state, behind the Portland Metropolitan Area and the Salem Metropolitan Area. The city's population was estimated by the Portland Research Center to be 159,580 in 2013.\nEugene is home to the University of Oregon. The city is also noted for its natural beauty, recreational opportunities, focus on the arts, activist political leanings, and residents with \"alternative\" lifestyles. Eugene's slogan is \"A Great City for the Arts and Outdoors\" It is also referred to as the \"Emerald City\", and as \"Track Town, USA\". The Nike corporation had its beginnings in Eugene.
/m/03v1w7	Richard Darryl Zanuck was an American film producer. His 1989 film Driving Miss Daisy won him the Academy Award for Best Picture. Zanuck was also instrumental in launching the careers of directors Tim Burton and Steven Spielberg, who described Zanuck as “a director’s producer\" and \"one of the most honorable and loyal men of our profession.\"
/m/018q42	Fukuoka Prefecture is a prefecture of Japan located on Kyūshū Island. The capital is the city of Fukuoka.
/m/0dky9n	Ralph E. Winters was a Canadian-born film editor who became one of the leading figures of this field in the American industry.\nAfter beginning on a series of B movies in the early 1940s, including several in the Dr. Kildare series, his first major film was George Cukor's Victorian chiller Gaslight.\nWinters won the Academy Award for Film Editing twice, for King Solomon's Mines and Ben-Hur. He received four other nominations, for Quo Vadis, Seven Brides for Seven Brothers, The Great Race and Kotch. Among Winters other projects were such leading films as On the Town, High Society, Jailhouse Rock and The Thomas Crown Affair.\nWinters had a notable collaboration with director Blake Edwards. Over twenty years, they collaborated on twelve films together, including The Pink Panther, The Party, 10 and Victor Victoria. His last film was the ill-fated pirate epic Cutthroat Island released in 1995.\nWinters had been elected to membership in the American Cinema Editors, and in 1991, Winters received their Career Achievement Award. His memoir, Some Cutting Remarks: Seventy Years a Film Editor, was published in 2001.
/m/0678gl	Wallace E. \"Wally\" Wingert is an American actor and voice actor.
/m/0bbf1f	Kate Noelle \"Katie\" Holmes is an American actress and model who first achieved fame for her role as Joey Potter on The WB television teen drama Dawson's Creek from 1998 to 2003. Since Dawson's Creek, Holmes' career has consisted of movie roles such as in Batman Begins, art house films such as The Ice Storm, horror films such as Don't Be Afraid of the Dark and thrillers including Abandon. She has also played on Broadway in a production of Arthur Miller's All My Sons and had numerous guest roles on television programs such as How I Met Your Mother.
/m/02_33l	Vassilis Konstantinos \"Basil\" Poledouris was a Greek-American music composer who concentrated on the scores for films and television shows. Poledouris won the Emmy Award for Best Musical Score for work on part four of the TV miniseries Lonesome Dove in 1989. He is best known for scores such as Conan the Barbarian, RoboCop, and The Hunt for Red October.
/m/034n2g	A gluten-free diet is a diet that excludes foods containing gluten. Gluten is a protein complex found in wheat, barley, rye and triticale. A gluten-free diet is the only medically accepted treatment for celiac disease. Being gluten intolerant can often mean a person may also be wheat intolerant as well as suffer from the related inflammatory skin condition dermatitis herpetiformis, There are a smaller minority of people who suffer from wheat intolerance alone and are tolerant to gluten.\n\"Despite the health claims for gluten-free eating, there is no published experimental evidence to support such claims for the general population.\" A significant demand has developed for gluten-free food in the United States whether it is needed or not.\nA gluten-free diet might also exclude oats. Medical practitioners are divided on whether oats are acceptable to celiac disease sufferers or whether they become cross-contaminated in milling facilities by other grains. Oats may also be contaminated when grown in rotation with wheat when wheat seeds from the previous harvest sprout up the next season in the oat field and are harvested along with the oats.
/m/017371	Rockabilly is one of the earliest styles of rock and roll music, dating to the early 1950s in the United States, especially the South. As a genre it blends the sound of American folk and Western musical styles, such as country and bluegrass, with that of rhythm and blues, leading to what is considered \"classic\" rock and roll. Some have also described it as a blend of the bluegrass style with rock and roll. The term \"rockabilly\" itself is a portmanteau of \"rock\" and \"hillbilly\", the latter a reference to the country music that contributed strongly to the style's development. Other important influences on rockabilly include western swing and boogie woogie.\nDefining features of the rockabilly sound included strong rhythms, vocal twangs and common use of the tape echo, but the progressive addition of different instruments and vocal harmonies led to its \"dilution\". Initially popularised by artists such as Bill Haley, Elvis Presley, Carl Perkins and Jerry Lee Lewis, the influence and success of the style waned in the 1960s; nonetheless, during the late 1970s and early 1980s, rockabilly enjoyed a major revival through acts such as the Stray Cats. An interest in the genre endures even in the 21st century, often within a subculture. Rockabilly has left a legacy, spawning a variety of sub-styles and influencing other genres such as punk rock.
/m/062hgx	Pamela Fionna Adlon is an American actress, voice actress, and television producer. She was originally credited as Pamela Segall, but since her marriage and divorce she's been credited as either \"Pamela Segall Adlon\" or \"Pamela S. Adlon\".\nAdlon's best known role is playing Bobby Hill on the animated TV show King of the Hill, for which she won an Emmy Award for Outstanding Voice-Over Performance in 2002. Though she is mostly known for voicing young boys, Adlon has voiced two girl characters: Margaret \"Moose\" Pearson in Pepper Ann and Ashley Spinelli in Recess.\nNotable live-action roles include Girl Joey in the 1984 teen comedy film Growing Pains, Marcy Runkle on Showtime's Californication, Pamela on FX's Louie.\nAdlon was nominated for an Annie Award for her role as Otto Osworth on Cartoon Network's Time Squad. In 2006-07, she played the voice of Andy in Cartoon Network's Squirrel Boy animated series, and co-starred with Louis C.K. as his wife in the short-lived HBO sitcom Lucky Louie.\nAdlon voiced Pajama Sam in the video games Pajama Sam In: No Need to Hide When It's Dark Outside, Pajama Sam 2: Thunder and Lightning Aren't So Frightening, Pajama Sam 3: You Are What You Eat from Your Head to Your Feet and Pajama Sam's Games to Play on Any Day.
/m/016h9b	Maurice Ernest Gibb, CBE was a musician, singer and songwriter who achieved international fame as the bassist, guitarist and keyboardist of the Bee Gees. Although his brothers Barry Gibb and Robin Gibb were the band's primary lead vocalists, most of the groups albums included at least one or two Maurice Gibb compositions, including \"Lay It on Me\", \"Country Woman\" and \"On Time\". The Bee Gees were one of the most successful rock/pop groups ever.\nBorn in Isle of Man, he started his music career in 1955 in Manchester, England, joining the skiffle/rock and roll group the Rattlesnakes but was later evolved to the Bee Gees in 1958 when they moved to Australia. They returned to England where they achieved worldwide fame. In 2002, the Bee Gees were appointed as CBEs for their \"contribution to music\", and followiing his death in 2003, Maurice's son collected his award at Buckingham Palace in 2004.\nGibb's earliest musical influences included The Everly Brothers, Cliff Richard and Paul Anka; The Mills Brothers and the Beatles were significant later influences. By 1964 he begun his career as an instrumentalist playing guitar on \"Claustrophobia\". After the band's break-up in 1969, Gibb released his first solo single \"Railroad\" but his first solo album The Loner has not yet released until this day.
/m/0fbtm7	The UCLA Bruins football program represents the University of California, Los Angeles in college football as members of the Pacific-12 Conference at the NCAA Division I FBS level. The Bruins have enjoyed several periods of success in their history, having been ranked in the top ten of the AP Poll at least once in every decade since the poll began in the 1930s. Their first major period of success came in the 1950s, under head coach Henry Russell Sanders. Sanders led the Bruins to the Coaches' Poll national championship in 1954, three conference championships, and an overall record of 66–19–1 in nine years. In the 1980s and 1990s, during the tenure of Terry Donahue, the Bruins compiled a 151–74–8 record, including 13 bowl games and an NCAA record eight straight bowl wins. The program has produced 28 first round picks in the NFL Draft, 30 consensus All-Americans, and multiple major award winners, including Heisman winner Gary Beban. The UCLA Bruins' main rivals are the USC Trojans. Jim L. Mora is currently the team's head coach.\nThe Bruins were the Pacific-12 Conference South Division Champions for two years in a row and played in both the 2011 and 2012 Pacific-12 Football Championship Games.
/m/069d68	Robert Charles \"Bob\" Bryan is an American male professional tennis player. He and his twin brother, Mike, are current world no. 1 doubles players and have spent over 290 weeks in this position. He has won twenty-two Grand Slam titles: 15 in men's doubles and 7 in mixed doubles. He turned professional in 1998. The brothers were named ATP Team of the Decade for 2000–2009. The brothers became the second men's doubles team to complete the career golden slam at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
/m/0q8p8	Auburn is a city in Lee County, Alabama, United States. It is the largest city in eastern Alabama with a 2012 population of 56,908. It is a principal city of the Auburn-Opelika Metropolitan Area. The Auburn-Opelika, AL MSA with a population of 140,247, along with the Columbus, GA-AL MSA and Tuskegee, Alabama, comprises the greater Columbus-Auburn-Opelika, GA-AL CSA, a region home to 456,564 residents.\nAuburn is a college town and is the home of Auburn University. Auburn has been marked in recent years by rapid growth, and is currently the fastest growing metropolitan area in Alabama and the nineteenth-fastest growing metro area in the United States since 1990. U.S. News ranked Auburn among its top ten list of best places to live in United States for the year 2009. The city's unofficial nickname is “The Loveliest Village On The Plains,” taken from a line in the poem The Deserted Village by Oliver Goldsmith: “Sweet Auburn! loveliest village of the plain...”
/m/03x6m	F.C. Internazionale Milano, commonly referred to as Internazionale or simply Inter, and colloquially known as Inter Milan outside of Italy, is a professional Italian football club based in Milan, Lombardy. They are the only club to have spent their entire history in the top flight of Italian football, known as Serie A, which started in 1929–1930.\nInternazionale have won 30 domestic trophies, including the league 18 times, the Coppa Italia seven times and the Supercoppa Italiana five times. From 2006 to 2010, the club won five successive league titles, equalling the all-time record. They have won the Champions League three times: two back-to-back in 1964 and 1965 and then another in 2010, the last completed an unprecedented continental treble with the Coppa Italia and the Scudetto. The club has also won three UEFA Cups, two Intercontinental Cups and one FIFA Club World Cup.\nInter's home games are played at San Siro, also known as the Stadio Giuseppe Meazza. The stadium, which is shared with rivals Milan, is the largest in Italian football, with a total capacity of 80,018. Milan are considered one of their biggest rivals, and matches between the two teams are called Derby della Madonnina, which is one of the most followed derbies in football. As of 2010, Inter is the second-most supported team in Italy, and the eighth most supported team in Europe. The club is one of the most valuable in Italian and world football. It was a founding member of the now-defunct G-14 group of Europe's leading football clubs.
/m/016_nr	East Coast hip hop is a regional subgenre of hip hop music that originated in New York City, USA during the 1970s. Hip hop is recognized to have originated and evolved first in the East Coast. The style in the East Coast emerged as a definitive subgenre after artists from other regions of the United States emerged with different styles.
/m/01kwh5j	Houko Kuwashima is a Japanese voice actress and singer. She is capable of playing a variety of roles, ranging from young boys to feminine women. Kuwashima is currently affiliated with Aoni Production.
/m/018qd6	Saitama Prefecture is a prefecture of Japan located in the Kantō region of the island of Honshu. The capital is the city of Saitama.\nThis prefecture is part of the Greater Tokyo Area, and most of Saitama's cities can be described as suburbs of Tokyo, to which a large amount of residents commute each day.
/m/01z9_x	Malcolm John \"Mac\" Rebennack, Jr., better known by the stage name Dr. John, is an American singer-songwriter, pianist and guitarist, whose music combines blues, pop, jazz as well as zydeco, boogie woogie and rock and roll.\nActive as a session musician since the late 1950s, he gained a cult following in the late 1960s following the release of his album Gris-Gris and his appearance at the Bath Festival of Blues and Progressive Music. He came to wider prominence in the early 1970s with a wildly theatrical stage show inspired by medicine shows, Mardi Gras costumes and voodoo ceremonies. Rebennack has recorded over 20 albums and in 1973 scored a top-20 hit with the jaunty funk-flavored \"Right Place Wrong Time\", still perhaps his best-known song.\nThe winner of six Grammy Awards, Rebennack was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame by singer John Legend on March 14, 2011. In May 2013, Rebennack was the recipient of an honorary doctorate of fine arts from Tulane University. He was jokingly referred to by Tulane's president, Scott Cowen, as \"Dr. Dr. John\".
/m/0_5w_	Drunken driving is the act of operating or driving a motor vehicle while under the influence of alcohol or drugs to the degree that mental and motor skills are impaired. It is illegal in all jurisdictions within the United States, though enforcement varies widely between and within states/territories.\nThe specific criminal offense is usually called driving under the influence, and in some states 'driving while intoxicated', 'operating while impaired', or 'operating a vehicle under the influence'. Such laws may also apply to boating or piloting aircraft. Vehicles can include farm machinery and horse-drawn carriages.\nIn the United States the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration estimates that 17,941 people died in 2006 in alcohol-related collisions, representing 40% of total traffic deaths in the US. NHTSA states 275,000 were injured in alcohol-related accidents in 2003. The Bureau of Justice Statistics estimated that in 1996 local law enforcement agencies made 1,467,300 arrests nationwide for driving under the influence of alcohol, 1 out of every 10 arrests for all crimes in the U.S., compared to 1.9 million such arrests during the peak year in 1983, accounting for 1 out of every 80 licensed drivers in the U.S.
/m/06gb1w	X-Men: The Last Stand is a 2006 British-American superhero film, based on the X-Men superhero team appearing in Marvel Comics, distributed by 20th Century Fox. It is the third installment in the X-Men film series. The film was directed by Brett Ratner, written by Simon Kinberg and Zak Penn, and features an ensemble cast including Hugh Jackman, Halle Berry, Patrick Stewart, Ian McKellen, Anna Paquin and Famke Janssen. The film's script is loosely based on two X-Men comic book story arcs, \"The Dark Phoenix Saga\" by writer Chris Claremont and artist John Byrne, and \"Gifted\" by writer Joss Whedon and artist John Cassaday, with a plot that revolves around a \"mutant cure\" that causes serious repercussions among mutants and humans, and on the resurrection of Jean Grey.\nBryan Singer, who had directed the two previous films, X-Men and X2, decided to leave to work on Superman Returns as he had not even defined the storyline for a third film. Matthew Vaughn was initially hired as the new director, but left due to personal and professional issues and replaced with Ratner. Filming started in August 2005. The film had a budget of $210 million, and was consequently the most expensive film at the time of its release. It also had extensive visual effects done by eleven different companies.
/m/09jrf	Charles Cornwallis, 1st Marquess Cornwallis KG, styled Viscount Brome between 1753 and 1762 and known as The Earl Cornwallis between 1762 and 1792, was a British Army officer and colonial administrator. In the United States and the United Kingdom he is best remembered as one of the leading British generals in the American War of Independence. His surrender in 1781 to a combined American and French force at the Siege of Yorktown ended significant hostilities in North America. He also served as a civil and military governor in Ireland and India; in both places he brought about significant changes, including the Act of Union in Ireland, and the Cornwallis Code and the Permanent Settlement in India.\nBorn into an aristocratic family and educated at Eton and Cambridge, Cornwallis joined the army in 1757, seeing action in the Seven Years' War. Upon his father's death in 1762 he became Earl Cornwallis and entered the House of Lords. Promoted to colonel in 1766, he next saw military action in 1776 in the American War of Independence. Active in the advance forces of many campaigns, in 1780 he inflicted an embarrassing defeat on the American army at the Battle of Camden, though he surrendered his army at Yorktown in October 1781 after an extended campaign through the Southern states which was marked by disagreements between him and his superior, General Sir Henry Clinton.
/m/03h64	Hong Kong is one of two Special Administrative Regions (SARs) of the People's Republic of China (PRC), the other being Macau. A city-state situated on China's south coast and enclosed by the Pearl River Delta and South China Sea, it is renowned for its expansive skyline and deep natural harbour.
/m/0s0tr	Pocatello is the county seat and largest city of Bannock County, with a small portion on the Fort Hall Indian Reservation in neighboring Power County, in the southeastern part of the US state of Idaho. It is the principal city of the Pocatello metropolitan area, which encompasses all of Bannock and Power counties. As of the 2010 census the population of Pocatello was 54,255.\nPocatello is the fifth largest city in the state, just behind Idaho Falls. In 2007, Pocatello was ranked twentieth on Forbes list of Best Small Places for Business and Careers. Pocatello is the home of Idaho State University and the manufacturing facility of ON Semiconductor. The city is at an elevation of 4,462 feet above sea level and is served by the Pocatello Regional Airport.
/m/0gjw_	The Battle of the Somme, also known as the Somme Offensive, was a battle of the First World War fought by the armies of the British and French empires against the German Empire. It took place between 1 July and 18 November 1916 on either side of the River Somme in France. The battle was one of the largest of World War I, in which more than 1,000,000 men were wounded or killed, making it one of humanity's bloodiest battles. A Franco-British commitment to an offensive on the Somme had been made during Allied discussions at Chantilly, Oise in December 1915. The Allies agreed upon a strategy of combined offensives against the Central Powers in 1916, by the French, Russian, British and Italian armies, with the Somme offensive as the Franco-British contribution. The main part of the offensive was to be made by the French Army, supported on the northern flank by the Fourth Army of the British Expeditionary Force.\nWhen the German Army began the Battle of Verdun on the Meuse in February 1916, many French divisions intended for the Somme were diverted and the supporting attack by the British became the principal effort. The first day on the Somme was a serious defeat for the German Second Army, which was forced out of its first line of defence by the French Sixth Army, from Foucaucourt-en-Santerre south of the Somme to Maricourt on the north bank and by the British Fourth Army from Maricourt to the vicinity of the Albert–Bapaume road. 1 July 1916 was also the worst day in the history of the British Army, which had c. 60,000 casualties, mainly on the front between the Albert–Bapaume road and Gommecourt, where the attack failed disastrously, few British troops reaching the German front line. The British Army on the Somme was a mixture of the remains of the pre-war regular army, Territorial Force and the Kitchener Army which was composed of Pals battalions, recruited from the same places and occupations, whose losses had a profound social impact in Britain.
/m/03d_w3h	Gillian Leigh Anderson is an American actress. After beginning her career in theatre, Anderson achieved international recognition for her role as Special Agent Dana Scully on the American television series The X-Files. Her film work includes The House of Mirth, The Mighty Celt, The Last King of Scotland, and two X-Files films, The X-Files and The X-Files: I Want to Believe.
/m/09s1f	A business, also known as an enterprise or a firm, is an organization involved in the trade of goods, services, or both to consumers. Businesses are prevalent in capitalist economies, where most of them are privately owned and provide goods and services to customers for profit. Businesses may also be not-for-profit or state-owned. A business owned by multiple individuals may be referred to as a company, although that term also has a more precise meaning.\nThe etymology of \"business\" stems from the state of being busy, and implies commercially viable and profitable work. The term \"business\" has at least three usages, depending on the scope in which it is used. A business can mean a particular organization, while a more generalized usage refers to a particular market sector, i.e. \"the music business\". Compound forms such as agribusiness represent subsets of the word's broadest meaning, which encompasses all the activity by all the suppliers of goods and services.
/m/06ls0l	Aarhus Gymnastikforening is one of the oldest sport clubs in Denmark. As the name also reveal, the club was founded in 1880, mainly with Gymnastics but also Fencing as the main sports, though AGF later introduced a variety of other activities in both individual and team sports.\nAGF is best known for its Association football team which was introduced in 1902 and has the longest streak in the Danish top division and also holds the record for most number of cup wins. However, the club struggled with poor results and a string of bad management decisions after its impressive 1995–96 season, which eventually lead to relegation from the Superliga in 2005–06 and again in 2009–10, though both times securing a quick return to top-flight level. The club currently plays in the top-tier of the league system, the Danish Superliga.\nAGF has twice reached the quarter-final stage in European Cups: In 1961, losing to S.L. Benfica in the European Champion Clubs' Cup, and in 1989, losing to FC Barcelona in the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup. AGF has played a total of 52 matches in European Cups: 18 matches in the former European Champions' Cup, 18 in the Cup-Winners’ Cup, 14 in the UEFA Cup and two preliminary round matches for the UEFA Cup. In the 2011–12 season AGF qualified for European football for the first time in 15 years. They will begin their campaign in the second qualifying round of the 2012-13 UEFA Europa League.
/m/06f_qn	William \"Billy\" Bletcher was an American actor, comedian, and voice artist.
/m/082237	Grenoble Foot 38, commonly referred to as simply Grenoble, is a French association football club based in Grenoble, a city situated at the foot of the French Alps. The original incarnation of the club was founded in 1892 and, in 1997, was formed into the club that exists today as a result of a merger. Grenoble currently plays in CFA, the fourth level of French football, after having gone into bankruptcy and relegation to the fifth level of French football in 2011.\nGrenoble plays its home matches at the Stade des Alpes, a recently built complex based in the heart of the city. The team is managed by Olivier Saragaglia. Grenoble wear white and blue.
/m/02xwzh	New Trier High School is a public four-year high school, with its main campus for sophomores through seniors located in Winnetka, Illinois, USA, and a freshman campus in Northfield, Illinois, with freshman classes and district administration. Founded in 1901, the school is known for its large spending per student, academic excellence, and its athletic, drama, visual arts, and music programs. New Trier's primary campus in Winnetka is used by sophomores, juniors, and seniors, while the freshmen attend classes at the Northfield campus. The school serves the Chicago North Shore suburbs of Wilmette, Kenilworth, Winnetka, Glencoe, most of Northfield, and parts of Glenview and Northbrook.\nThe school is named after the city of Trier, Germany, and New Trier's logo depicts the Porta Nigra, symbol of that city; the athletic teams are known as the Trevians, which comes from the Treves, the French name for Trier.
/m/07bty	Thomas Alva Edison was an American inventor and businessman. He developed many devices that greatly influenced life around the world, including the phonograph, the motion picture camera, and a long-lasting, practical electric light bulb. Dubbed \"The Wizard of Menlo Park\", he was one of the first inventors to apply the principles of mass production and large-scale teamwork to the process of invention, and because of that, he is often credited with the creation of the first industrial research laboratory.\nEdison was a prolific inventor, holding 1,093 US patents in his name, as well as many patents in the United Kingdom, France, and Germany. More significant than the number of Edison's patents, are the impacts of his inventions, because Edison not only invented things, his inventions established major new industries world-wide, notably, electric light and power utilities, sound recording and motion pictures. Edison's inventions contributed to mass communication and, in particular, telecommunications. These included a stock ticker, a mechanical vote recorder, a battery for an electric car, electrical power, recorded music and motion pictures.\nHis advanced work in these fields was an outgrowth of his early career as a telegraph operator. Edison developed a system of electric-power generation and distribution to homes, businesses, and factories – a crucial development in the modern industrialized world. His first power station was on Pearl Street in Manhattan, New York.
/m/02z6l5f	David Thompson is a TV director, film director, TV producer, film producer, and screenwriter.
/m/04kjvt	Sparrow Records is a Christian music record label and a division of Universal Music Group.
/m/01505k	Aleppo is the largest city in Syria and serves as the capital of Aleppo Governorate, the most populous Syrian governorate. It is located in northwestern Syria 310 kilometres from Damascus. With an official population of 2,132,100, it is also one of the largest cities in the Levant. For centuries, Aleppo was the region of Syria's largest city and the Ottoman Empire's third, after Constantinople and Cairo.\nAleppo is one of the oldest continuously inhabited cities in the world; it has been inhabited since perhaps as early as the 6th millennium BC. Excavations at Tell as-Sawda and Tell al-Ansari, just south of the old city of Aleppo, show that the area was occupied since at least the latter part of the 3rd millennium BC; and this is also when Aleppo is first mentioned in cuneiform tablets unearthed in Ebla and Mesopotamia, in which it is noted for its commercial and military proficiency. Such a long history is probably due to its being a strategic trading point midway between the Mediterranean Sea and Mesopotamia.\nThe city's significance in history has been its location at the end of the Silk Road, which passed through central Asia and Mesopotamia. When the Suez Canal was inaugurated in 1869, trade was diverted to sea and Aleppo began its slow decline. At the fall of the Ottoman Empire after World War I, Aleppo ceded its northern hinterland to modern Turkey, as well as the important railway connecting it to Mosul. Then in the 1940s it lost its main access to the sea, Antioch and Alexandretta, also to Turkey. Finally, the isolation of Syria in the past few decades further exacerbated the situation, although perhaps it is this very decline that has helped to preserve the old city of Aleppo, its medieval architecture and traditional heritage. Until recently, Aleppo had been experiencing a noticeable revival and was slowly returning to the spotlight. It recently won the title of the \"Islamic Capital of Culture 2006\", and has also witnessed a wave of successful restorations of its historic landmarks.
/m/013kcv	Tulsa is the second-largest city in the U.S. state of Oklahoma and 46th-largest city in the United States. With a population of 393,987, it is the principal municipality of the Tulsa Metropolitan Area, a region with 951,880 residents in the MSA and 1,122,259 in the CSA. The city serves as the county seat of Tulsa County, the most densely populated county in Oklahoma, and extends into Osage, Rogers, and Wagoner counties.\nTulsa was first settled between 1828 and 1836 by the Lochapoka Band of Creek Native American tribe. For most of the 20th century, the city held the nickname \"Oil Capital of the World\" and played a major role as one of the most important hubs for the American oil industry. Tulsa, along with several other cities, claims to be the birthplace of U.S. Route 66 and is also known for its Western Swing music.\nOnce heavily dependent on the oil industry, economic downturn and subsequent diversification efforts created an economic base in the energy, finance, aviation, telecommunications and technology sectors. The Tulsa Port of Catoosa, at the head of the McClellan-Kerr Arkansas River Navigation System, is the most inland river port in the U.S. with access to international waterways. Two institutions of higher education within the city have sports teams at the NCAA Division I level, Oral Roberts University and the University of Tulsa.
/m/0mbhr	Joanna Lamond Lumley, OBE FRGS is an English actress, voice-over artist, former model and author, who starred in the British television series Absolutely Fabulous as Edina Monsoon's best friend, Patsy Stone, as well as in The New Avengers, Sapphire & Steel, Jam & Jerusalem and Sensitive Skin. In film she has appeared in On Her Majesty's Secret Service, Trail of the Pink Panther and James and the Giant Peach.\nShe later appeared in Maybe Baby, Ella Enchanted and Corpse Bride. She appeared alongside Leonardo DiCaprio in the Martin Scorsese crime drama, The Wolf of Wall Street. She has also appeared in several stage roles and in 2011 was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Play for her performance in La Bête.\nShe has spoken out as a human rights activist for Survival International and the Gurkha Justice Campaign and is now considered a \"national treasure\" of Nepal because of her support. She is an advocate for a number of charities and animal welfare groups such as Compassion in World Farming and Vegetarians' International Voice for Animals. She also won the Special Recognition Award at The National Television Awards in 2013.
/m/0150n	Bonn, officially the Federal City of Bonn, is a city on the banks of the Rhine River in the State of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany with a population of 309,869 within its administrative limits. The city is the second official residence of the President of Germany, the Chancellor of Germany, the Bundesrat, and the first official seat of six German federal ministries. Bonn is located in the very south of the Rhine-Ruhr region, the largest metropolitan area of Germany with over 11 million inhabitants.\nFounded in the first century BC as a Roman settlement, Bonn is one of Germany's oldest cities. From 1597 to 1794, Bonn was the capital of the Electorate of Cologne and residence of the Archbishops and Prince-electors of Cologne. In 1949, the Parliamentary Council drafted and adopted the German constitution, the Basic Law for the Federal Republic of Germany in Bonn. Subsequently, Bonn was the de facto capital of West Germany from 1949 to 1990, whilst Berlin was symbolically named the de jure capital. After the Fall of the Iron Curtain, Bonn remained the seat of government of united Germany from 1990 to 1999. In recognition of this, the former capital holds the one-of-a-kind title of Federal City.
/m/015np0	Sir Ralph David Richardson was an English actor who, along with his contemporaries John Gielgud and Laurence Olivier, dominated the British stage of the mid-20th century. He worked in films throughout most of his career, and played more than sixty cinema roles. From an artistic but not theatrical background, Richardson had no thought of a stage career until a production of Hamlet in Brighton inspired him to become an actor. He learned his craft in the 1920s with a touring company and later the Birmingham Repertory Theatre. In 1931 he joined the Old Vic, playing mostly Shakespearean roles. He led the company the following season, succeeding Gielgud, who had taught him much about stage technique. After he left the company, a series of leading roles took him to stardom in the West End and on Broadway.\nIn the 1940s, together with Olivier and John Burrell, Richardson was the co-director of the Old Vic company. There his most celebrated roles included Peer Gynt and Falstaff. He and Olivier led the company to Europe and Broadway in 1945 and 1946, before their success provoked resentment among the governing board of the Old Vic, leading to their dismissal from the company in 1947. In the 1950s, in the West End and occasionally on tour, Richardson played in modern and classic works including The Heiress, Home at Seven and Three Sisters. He continued on stage and in films until shortly before his sudden death, at the age of eighty. He was celebrated in later years for his work with Peter Hall's National Theatre and his frequent stage partnership with Gielgud. He was not known for his portrayal of the great tragic roles in the classics, preferring character parts in old and new plays.
/m/043t8t	The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou is a 2004 comedy-drama film directed, written, and co-produced by Wes Anderson. It is Anderson's fourth feature length film, released in the U.S. on Christmas 2004. It was written by Anderson and Noah Baumbach and was filmed in and around Naples, Ponza, and the Italian Riviera.\nThe film stars Bill Murray as the eponymous Zissou, an eccentric oceanographer who sets out to exact revenge on the \"Jaguar shark\" that ate his partner Esteban. Zissou is both a parody of and homage to French diving pioneer Jacques-Yves Cousteau, to whom the film is dedicated. Cate Blanchett, Willem Dafoe, Michael Gambon, Jeff Goldblum, Anjelica Huston, Owen Wilson, Seu Jorge, Bud Cort and Seymour Cassell are also featured in the film.
/m/012j5h	Raymond Hart Massey was a Canadian/American actor.
/m/0r679	Cupertino is a city in Santa Clara County, California in the United States, directly west of San Jose on the western edge of the Santa Clara Valley with portions extending into the foothills of the Santa Cruz Mountains. An affluent city, Cupertino is the 11th wealthiest city with a population over 50,000 in the United States with an estimated per-capita income of $51,965 and a median household income exceeding $160,000. The population was 58,302 at the 2010 census. Forbes ranked it as one of the most educated small towns. It is perhaps best known as being the home town of Apple Inc.'s corporate headquarters.\nMoney's Best Places to Live, America's best small towns, ranked Cupertino as #27 in 2012, the 2nd highest in California.
/m/01_1pv	Bedknobs and Broomsticks is a 1971 American musical film produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by Buena Vista Distribution Company in North America on December 13, 1971. It is based upon the books The Magic Bed Knob; or, How to Become a Witch in Ten Easy Lessons and Bonfires and Broomsticks by English children's author Mary Norton. The film, which combines live action and animation, stars Angela Lansbury and David Tomlinson.\nThe film is frequently compared to Mary Poppins: combining live action and animation and partly set in the streets of London. It shares some of the cast from Mary Poppins, namely Tomlinson, supporting actor Reginald Owen and Arthur Malet, a similar filmcrew, songwriters the Sherman Brothers, director Robert Stevenson, art director Peter Ellenshaw, and music director Irwin Kostal.\nAccording to film critic Leonard Maltin's book Disney Films, Leslie Caron, Lynn Redgrave, Judy Carne, and Julie Andrews were all considered for the role of Eglantine Price before the Disney studio decided on Angela Lansbury. David Tomlinson replaced Ron Moody as Emelius Brown due to Moody's busy schedule. The film received generally positive reviews from critics, scoring 66% on Rotten Tomatoes, and won the Academy Award for Best Visual Effects. This was the last film released prior to the death of Walt Disney's surviving brother, Roy O. Disney, who died one week later.
/m/03cz83	Knox College is a four-year coeducational private liberal arts college located in Galesburg, Illinois, United States. Knox is classified as a more selective institution by the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching and is ranked 75th among liberal arts colleges by the 2013 edition of America's Best Colleges in U.S. News & World Report. It is one of 40 schools featured in Loren Pope's influential book Colleges That Change Lives.
/m/0j5g9	Wales is a country that is part of the United Kingdom and the island of Great Britain, bordered by England to its east and the Atlantic Ocean and Irish Sea to its west. It had a population in 2011 of 3,063,456 and has a total area of 20,779 km². Wales has over 1,200 km of coastline and is largely mountainous, with its highest peaks in the north and central areas, including Snowdon, its highest summit. The country lies within the north temperate zone and has a changeable, maritime climate.\nWelsh national identity emerged among the Celtic Britons after the Roman withdrawal from Britain in the 5th century, and Wales is regarded as one of the modern Celtic nations. Llywelyn ap Gruffydd's death in 1282 marked the completion of Edward I of England's conquest of Wales, though Owain Glyndŵr briefly restored independence to what was to become modern Wales, in the early 15th century. The whole of Wales was annexed by England and incorporated within the English legal system, under the Laws in Wales Acts 1535–1542. Distinctive Welsh politics developed in the 19th century. Welsh Liberalism, exemplified in the early 20th century by Lloyd George, was displaced by the growth of socialism and the Labour Party. Welsh national feeling grew over the century; Plaid Cymru was formed in 1925 and the Welsh Language Society in 1962. Established under the Government of Wales Act 1998, the National Assembly for Wales holds responsibility for a range of devolved policy matters.
/m/07mkj0	Burnett Guffey, A.S.C. was an American cinematographer.\nHe won two Academy Awards: From Here to Eternity and Bonnie and Clyde.
/m/02pb2bp	Metropolis is a 2001 anime film loosely based on the 1949 Metropolis manga created by Osamu Tezuka, itself inspired by the 1927 German silent film of the same name, though the two do not share plot elements. The anime, however, does draw aspects of its storyline directly from the 1927 film. The anime had an all-star production team, including renowned anime director Rintaro, Akira creator Katsuhiro Otomo as script writer, and animation by Madhouse with conceptual support from Tezuka Productions.
/m/0325dj	Troy University is a comprehensive public university that is located in Troy, Alabama, United States. It is founded on February 26, 1887 as Troy State Normal School within the Alabama State University System by an Act of the Alabama Legislature. It is the flagship university of the Troy University System with its main campus enrollment of 9,000 students and the total enrollment of all Troy University campuses is 31,000. Troy University is regionally accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Colleges to award associate, baccalaureate, master's, education specialist, and doctoral degrees.\nIn August 2005, Troy State University, Montgomery; Troy State University, Phenix City; Troy State University, Dothan; and Troy State University all merged under one accreditation to become Troy University to better reflect the institution's worldwide mission. Prior to the merger, each campus was independently accredited and merging of these campuses helped to create a stronger institution by eliminating overlapping services and barriers to students. The merger combined talents and resources of staff, faculty, and administrators into a single highly effective and competitive university.
/m/0lh0c	Oliver \"Ollie\" Hardy was an American comic actor famous as one half of Laurel and Hardy, the classic double act that began in the era of silent films and lasted 25 years, from 1927 to 1951. He was credited with his first film, Outwitting Dad, in 1914. In some of his early works, he was billed as Babe Hardy, using his nickname.
/m/01kd3m	In mythology, folklore, and modern fantasy fiction, shapeshifting is the ability of a being to physically transform into another form or being, either as an inherent faculty of a mythological creature, or by means of magic.\nThe concept is of great antiquity, and may indeed be a human cultural universal, present in the oldest forms of totemism or shamanism, it is present in the oldest extant literature and epic poems, where the shape-shifting is usually induced by the act of a deity; it persisted into the literature of the Middle Ages and the modern period, and it remains a common trope in modern fantasy, children's literature and works of pop culture.\nBy far the most common form of shape-shifting is therianthropy, the transformation of a human being into an animal. More rarely, the transformation may be into a plant or object, or into another human form.
/m/035qy	Greece, officially the Hellenic Republic and known since ancient times as Hellas, is a country in Southern Europe. According to the 2011 census, Greece's population is around 11 million. Athens is the nation's capital and largest city.\nGreece is strategically located at the crossroads of Europe, Western Asia, and Africa, and shares land borders with Albania to the northwest, the Republic of Macedonia and Bulgaria to the north and Turkey to the northeast. The country consists of nine geographic regions: Macedonia, Central Greece, the Peloponnese, Thessaly, Epirus, the Aegean Islands, Thrace, Crete, and the Ionian Islands. The Aegean Sea lies to the east of the mainland, the Ionian Sea to the west, and the Mediterranean Sea to the south. Greece has the longest coastline on the Mediterranean Basin and the 11th longest coastline in the world at 13,676 km in length, featuring a vast number of islands. Eighty percent of Greece consists of mountains, of which Mount Olympus is the highest, at 2,917 m.
/m/01j_06	Seton Hall University is a private Roman Catholic university in South Orange, New Jersey, United States. Founded in 1856 by Archbishop James Roosevelt Bayley, Seton Hall is the oldest diocesan university in the United States. Seton Hall is also the oldest and largest Catholic university in New Jersey. The university is known for its programs in business, law, education, nursing, and diplomacy.\nSeton Hall is made up of eight different schools and colleges with an undergraduate enrollment of about 5,200 students and a graduate enrollment of about 4,400. Its School of Law, which is ranked by U.S. News & World Report as one of the top 100 law schools in the nation, has an enrollment of about 1,200 students. Seton Hall's Stillman School of Business has also been continually ranked as one of the top 100 undergraduate business schools in the nation according to Bloomberg Businessweek.\nThe Seton Hall College of Medicine and Dentistry was the first school of medicine in New Jersey. The school was acquired by the state in 1965, and became the New Jersey Medical School, part of what became the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey. UMDNJ was dissolved on July 1, 2013 and merged into Rutgers University as the Rutgers School of Biomedical and Health Sciences .
/m/0_b3d	In the Name of the Father is a 1993 biographical film directed by Jim Sheridan. It is based on the true life story of the Guildford Four, four people falsely convicted of the 1974 IRA's Guildford pub bombings which killed four off-duty British soldiers and a civilian. The screenplay was adapted by Terry George and Jim Sheridan from the autobiography Proved Innocent: The Story of Gerry Conlon of the Guildford Four by Gerry Conlon.\nThe film was positively received by critics, and received seven Academy Award nominations, including Best Actor in a Leading Role, Best Actor in a Supporting Role, Best Actress in a Supporting Role, Best Director, and Best Picture.
/m/0glbqt	Doctor Zhivago is a British 1965 epic drama–romance film directed by David Lean, starring Omar Sharif and Julie Christie. The film is loosely based on the famous novel of the same name by Boris Pasternak. It has remained popular for decades and as of 2013 is the eighth highest-grossing film of all time, adjusted for inflation.
/m/01p970	The tabla is a membranophone percussion instrument, which are often used in Hindustani classical music, invented by the Indian Sufi saint Amir Khusro. It is still used in the music behind folk and sufi poetry. It later became a part of Hindustani music industry. The instrument consists of a pair of hand drums of contrasting sizes and timbres. The term tabla is derived from an Arabic word, tabl, which simply means \"drum.\" The tabla is used in some other Asian musical traditions outside of India, such as in the Indonesian dangdut genre.\nPlaying technique involves extensive use of the fingers and palms in various configurations to create a wide variety of different sounds, reflected in the mnemonic syllables. The heel of the hand is used to apply pressure or in a sliding motion on the larger drum so that the pitch is changed during the sound's decay.
/m/01g_bs	Acid house is a sub-genre of house music developed around the mid-1980s by DJs from Chicago, Illinois. The defining feature of a 'squelching' bass sound was produced using the Roland TB-303 electronic synthesizer-sequencer. Acid house spread to the United Kingdom and continental Europe, where it was played by DJs in the acid house and later rave scenes. By the late 1980s, Acid house had moved into the British mainstream, where it had some influence on pop and dance styles.\nNicknamed the sound of acid, the influence of acid house can be heard in subsequent styles of music that include trance, Goa trance, psychedelic trance, breakbeat, big beat, and techno.
/m/03xq0f	FilmFlex, is an on-demand movie rental services provider, claiming to be largest outside of the US. It is a joint venture between Sony Pictures Television and The Walt Disney Company.
/m/03z0dt	The Moldova national football team represents Moldova in association football and is controlled by the Football Association of Moldova, the governing body for football in Moldova. Moldova's home ground is Zimbru Stadium in Chișinău and their head coach is Ion Caras. After the break-up of the Soviet Union, they played their first match against Georgia on July 2, 1991.\nTwo of their three best results in the 1990s years, came during the qualifiers for Euro 96, with wins over Georgia in Tbilisi and Wales in Chișinău. In 2007 Moldova obtained an very good resultat beating Hungary with 3−0, at Chișinău, in Euro 2008 qualifiers. Their best recent result was a 5-2 win over Montenegro during the 2014 World Cup qualifiers. The team has never qualified for the final stages of the European Championship or the FIFA World Cup.\nFollowing Moldova's 4–0 defeat to England in September 1997 the British writer and comedian Tony Hawks travelled to Moldova to challenge and beat all 11 Moldovan international footballers at tennis. The feature film version of the book of the same name, Playing the Moldovans at Tennis, was filmed in and around Chișinău in May and June 2010 and is to be released in the spring of 2012.
/m/04bdpf	Richard Roundtree is an American actor and former fashion model. He is best known for his portrayal of private detective John Shaft in the 1971 film Shaft and in its two sequels, Shaft's Big Score and Shaft in Africa.
/m/05b4rcb	Marvin March is an American set decorator. He has been nominated for five Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction.
/m/0n96z	The London Borough of Hackney is a London borough located in North East London and north of the City of London. It is currently part of the East subregion, though was included in the North subregion from 2008 to 2011. It is one of the Inner London boroughs. The local authority is Hackney London Borough Council.\nHackney is bounded by 5 London boroughs including Hackney's sister borough Islington to the west, Haringey to the north, Waltham Forest to the north-east, Tower Hamlets to the East and Hackney's southwestern boundary is adjacent to the City of London and Broadgate. Also in the southwest are Hoxton and Shoreditch which are at the heart of the London arts scene and home to many clubs, bars, shops and restaurants; Hoxton Square is Hoxton's central point. The Borough of Hackney has attracted some office development and the development of Shoreditch and Hoxton has caused land values to rise, thus expanding the range for prospective development. Much of Hackney maintains its inner-city character and in places like Dalston large housing estates now sit side-by-side with gated communities.\nThe historical and administrative heart of Hackney is the area roughly extending north from Mare Street and surrounding the Church of St John-at-Hackney; known as Hackney Central. Hackney Town Hall Square has been funded to develop as a new 'creative quarter'. Surrounding the public square itself is the now bankrupt Ocean music venue [being refurbished as a four screen cinema complex in late 2011], a new library, technology and learning centre, Hackney Museum and the refurbished Hackney Empire. A new town hall complex has been built out of public funds behind the original building. South Hackney abuts Victoria Park and terraced Victorian and Edwardian housing has survived to this day.
/m/01m1y	Celtic music is a broad grouping of musical genres that evolved out of the folk musical traditions of the Celtic people of Western Europe. It refers to both orally-transmitted traditional music and recorded music and the styles vary considerably to include everything from \"trad\" music to a wide range of hybrids.\nCeltic music means two things mainly. First, it is the music of the peoples identifying themselves as Celts. Secondly, it refers to whatever qualities may be unique to the musics of the Celtic Nations. Many notable Celtic musicians such as Alan Stivell and Paddy Moloney claim that the different Celtic musics have much in common. These common melodic practices may be used widely across Celtic Music:\nOften the melodic line moves up and down the primary chords in so many songs. There are a number of possible reasons for this:\nMelodic variation can be easily introduced. Melodic variation is widely used in Celtic music, especially by the pipes and harp.\nIt is easier to anticipate the direction that the melody will take, so that harmony either composed or improvised can be introduced: cliched cadences that are essential for impromptu harmony are also more easily formed.The relatively wider tonal intervals in some songs make it possible for stress accents within the poetic line to be more in keeping with the local Celtic accent.
/m/04tnqn	Tracy Jamal Morgan is an American actor and comedian known for his eight seasons as a cast member on Saturday Night Live and for his role of Tracy Jordan on the NBC TV series 30 Rock.
/m/015npr	Aamir Khan appeared in the 2012 film Pad Yatra: A Green Odyssey.
/m/0ns_4	Porter County is a county located in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2010, the population was 164,343. The county seat is Valparaiso.\nThis county is part of Northwest Indiana as well as the Chicago metropolitan area.\nPorter County is the site of the Indiana Dunes, an area of ecological significance. A museum called the Hour Glass located in Ogden Dunes, contains exhibits that document the ecological significance.
/m/0gztl	Southwest Airlines Co. is a major U.S. airline and the world's largest low-cost carrier, headquartered in Dallas, Texas. The airline was established in 1967 and adopted their current name in 1971. The airline has 44,831 employees as of December 2013 and operates more than 3,400 flights per day. As of June 5, 2011, it carries the most domestic passengers of any U.S. airline. As of January 2014, Southwest Airlines has scheduled service to 89 destinations in 42 states and Puerto Rico.\nSouthwest Airlines has solely operated Boeing 737s, except for a few years in the 1970s and 1980s, when they operated a few Boeing 727s. As of August 2012, Southwest is the largest operator of the 737 worldwide with over 550 in service, each operating an average of six flights per day. In May 2011, Southwest acquired AirTran Airways, with integration of the carriers expected to be complete by 2014. On March 1, 2012, the company was issued a single operating certificate, technically becoming one airline.
/m/09hzw	Mecklenburg-Vorpommern is a federal state in northern Germany. The capital city is Schwerin. The state was formed through the merger of the historic regions of Mecklenburg and Vorpommern after World War II, dissolved in 1952 and recreated prior to the German reunification in 1990.\nMecklenburg-Vorpommern is the sixth largest German state by area, and the least densely populated. The coastline of the Baltic Sea, including islands such as Rügen and Usedom, as well as the Mecklenburg Lake District, feature many holiday resorts and unspoilt nature, making Mecklenburg-Vorpommern one of Germany's leading tourist destinations. Three of Germany's fourteen national parks are in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, in addition to several hundred nature conservation areas.\nMajor cities include Rostock, Schwerin, Neubrandenburg, Stralsund, Greifswald and Wismar. The University of Rostock and the University of Greifswald are amongst the oldest in Europe. Mecklenburg-Vorpommern was the site of the 33rd G8 summit in 2007.
/m/01jssp	The University of Pittsburgh is a state-related research university located in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States. It was founded on the edge of the American frontier as the Pittsburgh Academy in 1787, and evolved into the Western University of Pennsylvania by alteration of its charter in 1819. After surviving two devastating fires and various relocations within the area, the school moved to its current location in the Oakland neighborhood of the city and was renamed to the University of Pittsburgh in 1908. For most of its history Pitt was a private institution, until it became part of the Commonwealth System of Higher Education in 1966.\nThe university comprises 17 undergraduate and graduate schools and colleges located at its urban Pittsburgh campus, home to the university's central administration and 28,766 undergraduate, graduate, and professional students. The university also includes four additional undergraduate schools located at campuses within Western Pennsylvania: Bradford, Greensburg, Johnstown, and Titusville. The 132-acre Pittsburgh campus comprises multiple historic buildings of the Schenley Farms Historic District, most notably its 42-story gothic revival centerpiece, the Cathedral of Learning. The campus is situated adjacent to the flagship medical facilities of its closely affiliated University of Pittsburgh Medical Center, as well as the Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh, Schenley Park, and Carnegie Mellon University.
/m/0m_z3	County Galway is a county in Ireland. It is located in the West Region and is also part of the province of Connacht. It is named after the city of Galway. Galway County Council is the local authority for the county. There are several strongly Irish-speaking areas in the west of the county. The population of the county is 250,541 according to the 2011 census.
/m/01lnyf	Wichita State University is a public research university in Wichita, Kansas, United States. It is the third largest university governed by the Kansas Board of Regents.\nWichita State University offers more than 60 undergraduate degree programs in more than 200 areas of study in six colleges. The Graduate School offers an extensive program including 44 master's degrees in more than 100 areas and a specialist in education degree. It offers doctoral degrees in applied mathematics; audiology; chemistry; communicative disorders and sciences; nursing practice; physical therapy; psychology; educational administration; aerospace, industrial and mechanical engineering; and electrical engineering and computer science.\nWith an enrollment of more than 14,000, the university's students come from almost every state in the United States and 110 foreign countries. Eighty-seven percent are from Kansas, representing nearly all counties in the state. Wichita State has 479 full-time faculty and 41 part-time faculty. Of the total, 73 percent have earned the highest degree in their field.\nThe 330 acre campus has one of the largest outdoor sculpture collections of any U.S. university. Approximately 1,000 students live in campus dormitories. The main campus is within short driving distance from Interstate 135 and the K-96 expressway in north Wichita.²²
/m/01pk8v	Kathrin Romary \"Kate\" Beckinsale is an English actress. After some minor television roles, she made her film debut in Much Ado About Nothing while still a student at Oxford University. She then appeared in British costume dramas such as Prince of Jutland, Cold Comfort Farm, Emma, and The Golden Bowl, in addition to various stage and radio productions. She began to seek film work in the United States in the late 1990s and, after appearing in small-scale dramas The Last Days of Disco and Brokedown Palace, she had a break-out year in 2001 with starring roles in the war film Pearl Harbor and the romantic comedy Serendipity. She built on this success with appearances in the biopic The Aviator and the comedy Click.\nBeckinsale became known as an action star following an appearance in 2003's Underworld and has since starred in many action films, including Van Helsing, Underworld: Evolution, Whiteout, as well as Contraband, Underworld: Awakening, and Total Recall. She also makes occasional appearances in smaller dramatic projects such as Snow Angels, Winged Creatures, Nothing but the Truth, and Everybody's Fine. She will next appear in the legal drama The Trials of Cate McCall and the psychological thriller Eliza Graves.
/m/03q95r	E. G. Marshall was an American actor, best known for his television roles as the lawyer Lawrence Preston on The Defenders in the 1960s and as neurosurgeon David Craig on The Bold Ones: The New Doctors in the 1970s. Among his film roles he is perhaps best known as the unflappable, conscientious \"Juror #4\" in Sidney Lumet's courtroom drama, 12 Angry Men.
/m/02lk60	Shrek 2 is a 2004 American computer-animated fantasy comedy film produced by DreamWorks Animation and directed by Andrew Adamson, Kelly Asbury and Conrad Vernon. It is the second installment in the Shrek series, the sequel to 2001's Shrek, and features the voices of Mike Myers, Eddie Murphy, Cameron Diaz, Antonio Banderas, Julie Andrews, John Cleese, Rupert Everett and Jennifer Saunders.\nLike its predecessor, Shrek 2 received positive reviews. Shrek 2 scored the second-largest three-day opening weekend in US history at the time of release, as well as the largest opening for an animated film until May 18, 2007, when it was eclipsed by its sequel Shrek the Third. As of 2011, it is the inflation-adjusted 32nd-highest-grossing film of all time in the US. It went on to be the highest-grossing film of 2004. The associated soundtrack reached the top ten of the Billboard 200. It is also the seventh-highest ticket selling animated film of all time. It is DreamWorks's most successful film to date and was also the highest-grossing animated film of all time worldwide until Toy Story 3 surpassed it in 2010; it is now the sixth highest-grossing animated film of all time.
/m/0b9l3x	Michael Chapman, A.S.C. is an American cinematographer whose prominence owes most to his innovative work of the 1970s and 1980s.\nHe began his career as a camera operator, distinguishing himself on Steven Spielberg's Jaws. As a cinematographer, he became famous for his two collaborations with Martin Scorsese, Taxi Driver and Raging Bull. Chapman was also cinematographer for the 1978 remake of Invasion of the Body Snatchers.\nChapman's style tends towards high contrasts and aggressive use of strong colors. He is also extremely adept at setting up complex camera movements quickly and improvising on the set. This style is epitomized in the boxing sequences in Raging Bull, during which the camera was often strapped to the actors through improvised rigs. Chapman was also the principal cinematographer on Scorsese's documentary The Last Waltz.\nBesides his work with Scorsese, Chapman has worked as Director of Photography for directors Hal Ashby, Philip Kaufman, Martin Ritt, Robert Towne, Michael Caton-Jones, Andrew Davis, and Ivan Reitman. He occasionally makes cameos in films he shoots. He has directed several films, the best known being All the Right Moves, starring Tom Cruise in one of that actor's breakthrough roles.
/m/0196bp	Sunderland Association Football Club is an English association football club based in Sunderland who play in the Premier League. Since its formation in 1879, the club has won six First Division titles—in 1892, 1893, 1895, 1902, 1913, and 1936—and the FA Cup twice, in 1937 and 1973.\nSunderland won their first FA Cup in 1937 with a 3–1 victory over Preston North End, and remained in the top league for 68 successive seasons until they were relegated for the first time in 1958. Sunderland's most notable trophy after the Second World War was their second FA Cup in 1973, when the club secured a 1–0 victory over Leeds United. The team has won the second tier title five times in that period and the third tier title once.\nSunderland play their home games at the 48,707 capacity all-seater Stadium of Light having moved from Roker Park in 1997.The original ground capacity was 42,000 which was increased to 49,000 following expansion in 2000. Sunderland have a long-standing rivalry with their neighbouring club Newcastle United, with whom they have contested the Tyne–Wear derby since 1898.
/m/011zd3	Lucy Alexis Liu is an American actress, model, artist, and occasional film producer and director. She became known for playing the role of the vicious and ill-mannered Ling Woo in the television series Ally McBeal, for which she was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series and a Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Comedy Series. Her film work includes starring as one of the heroines in Charlie's Angels, playing one of the enemies of The Bride in Kill Bill, and appearances in Payback, Chicago, and animated hit Kung Fu Panda.\nIn 2012, Liu joined the cast of TNT series Southland in the recurring role of Jessica Tang, for which she won the Critics' Choice Television Award for Best Drama Guest Actress. In 2008 she starred in her own television show, ABC comedy-drama, Cashmere Mafia, which ended after one abbreviated season. The show was one of only a few American television shows to have an Asian American series lead. She is currently co-starring in Sherlock Holmes–inspired crime drama Elementary, playing Joan Watson.
/m/06mnps	James McAvoy is a Scottish actor. He made his acting debut as a teen in 1995's The Near Room and continued to make mostly television appearances until the late 2000s. His notable television work includes State of Play, Shameless, and Frank Herbert's Children of Dune. Besides screen acting, McAvoy has appeared on stage with Three Days of Rain in 2009 and as the title character in Macbeth in 2013. He has also done voice work for animated films including Gnomeo & Juliet and Arthur Christmas.\nIn 2003, McAvoy appeared in Bollywood Queen which was followed by a supporting role in The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe. His performance in Kevin Macdonald's The Last King of Scotland garnered him several award nominations. 2007's critically acclaimed Atonement earned him a Golden Globe Award nomination and his second BAFTA nomination. He appeared opposite Angelina Jolie in Wanted. Since then, he is notable for playing Charles Xavier in the 2011 superhero film X-Men: First Class, a role he will reprise in X-Men: Days of Future Past in 2014. Mcavoy starred in the 2013 crime comedy-drama film Filth in which he won Best Actor in the British Independent Film Awards.
/m/058kh7	She's Having a Baby is a 1988 American romantic comedy film directed by John Hughes.\nThe film portrays a young newlywed couple, Kristy and Jake Briggs played by Elizabeth McGovern and Kevin Bacon, who try to cope with being married and what is expected of them by their parents. Jake must also deal with the fantasy woman of his dreams. The film is about traditional 1980s suburban life and the cultural expectations that come along with it. To a large extent what Jake experiences could be described as a form of culture shock, with his best man Davis as a reminder of his former culture as a single man, and feeling alienated when he overhears his neighbors converse about mundane suburban topics. He feels he has left the culture of single men, and has entered the culture of a married man, and doesn't appear to have a sense of belonging to either.
/m/02rrh1w	Vantage\nPoint is a 2008 thriller film. It is directed by Pete Travis and stars\nDennis Quaid, Forest Whitaker, Matthew Fox, William Hurt and Sigourney\nWeaver. The release date is set at February 15, 2008. In Columbia\nPictures' Vantage Point, Thomas Barnes (Dennis Quaid) and Kent Taylor\n(Matthew Fox) are two Secret Service agents assigned to protect\nPresident Ashton (William Hurt) at a landmark summit on the global war\non terror. When President Ashton is shot moments after his arrival in\nSalamanca, Spain, chaos ensues and disparate lives collide. In the\ncrowd is Howard Lewis (Forest Whitaker), an American tourist\nvideotaping the historic event to show his kids when he returns home.\nAlso there is Rex (Sigourney Weaver), an American TV news producer who\nis reporting on the conference. It's only as we follow each person's\nperspective of the same 15 minutes prior to and immediately after the\nshooting that the terrifying truth behind the assassination attempt is\nrevealed. ...This description was automatically generated from the Wikipedia article\n  \"Vantage Point (film)\"\n  licensed under the   GNU Free Documentation License.\nYou can replace it.From the Official Web SIte/Marketing Materials:In Columbia Pictures’ action-packed\nthriller Vantage Point, eight strangers with eight different points of\nview try to unlock the one truth behind an assassination attempt on the\npresident of the United\n  States.\nThomas Barnes (Dennis Quaid) and Kent Taylor (Mathew Fox) are two Secret\nService agents assigned to protect President Ashton (William Hurt) at a\nlandmark summit on the global war on terror.\nWhen President Ashton is shot moments after his arrival in Spain, chaos\nensues and disparate lives collide in the hunt for the assassin. In the crowd is Howard Lewis (Forest\nWhitaker), an American tourist who thinks he’s captured the shooter on his\ncamcorder while videotaping the event for his kids back home. Also there, relaying the historic event to\nmillions of TV viewers across the globe, is American TV news producer Rex\nBrooks (Sigourney Weaver). As they and\nothers reveal their stories, the pieces of the puzzle will fall into place –\nand it will become apparent that shocking motivations lurk just beneath the\nsurface.
/m/0cr7m	Crimea is a peninsula of Ukraine located on the northern coast of the Black Sea. The Autonomous Republic of Crimea occupies most of the peninsula. It is widely referred to with the definite article, as the Crimea.\nThe Cimmerians, Bulgars, Greeks, Scythians, Goths, Huns, Khazars, the state of Kievan Rus', Byzantine Greeks, Kipchaks, Ottoman Turks, Golden Horde Tatars and the Mongols all controlled Crimea in its earlier history. In the 13th century, it was partly controlled by the Venetians and by the Genoese; they were followed by the Crimean Khanate and the Ottoman Empire in the 15th to 18th centuries, the Russian Empire in the 18th to 20th centuries, Germany during World War II and the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic and later the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic, within the Soviet Union during the rest of the 20th century.\nCrimea is an autonomous parliamentary republic within Ukraine and is governed by the Constitution of Crimea in accordance with the laws of Ukraine. The capital and administrative seat of the republic's government is the city of Simferopol, located in the center of the peninsula. Crimea's area is 26,200 square kilometres and its population was 1,973,185 as of 2007. These figures do not include the area and population of the City of Sevastopol, which is administratively separate from the autonomous republic. The peninsula thus has 2,352,385 people.
/m/0ptxj	The Towering Inferno is a 1974 American action drama disaster film produced by Irwin Allen featuring an all-star cast led by Steve McQueen and Paul Newman. The picture was directed by John Guillermin.\nA co-production between 20th Century Fox and Warner Bros., it was adapted by Stirling Silliphant from a pair of novels, The Tower by Richard Martin Stern and The Glass Inferno by Thomas N. Scortia and Frank M. Robinson.\nThe film was a critical success, earning a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Picture, and was the highest-grossing film released in 1974. The film was nominated for eight Oscars in all, winning three.\nIn addition to McQueen and Newman, the cast includes William Holden, Faye Dunaway, Fred Astaire, Susan Blakely, Richard Chamberlain, O.J. Simpson, Robert Vaughn, Robert Wagner, Susan Flannery, Gregory Sierra, Dabney Coleman and, in her final film, Jennifer Jones.
/m/03v6t	Iowa State University of Science and Technology, more commonly known as Iowa State University, is a public land-grant and space-grant research university located in Ames, Iowa, United States. Until 1959 it was known as the Iowa State College of Agriculture and Mechanic Arts.\nFounded in 1858 and coeducational from its start, Iowa State became the nation’s first designated land-grant institution when the Iowa Legislature accepted the provisions of the 1862 Morrill Act on September 11, 1862, making Iowa the first state in the nation to do so. Iowa State's academic offerings are administered today through eight colleges, including the graduate college, that offer over 100 bachelor's degree programs, 112 master's degree programs, and 83 at the Ph.D. level, plus a professional degree program in Veterinary Medicine.\nISU is classified as a Research University with very high research activity by the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching. The university is a group member of the American Association of Universities and the Universities Research Association, and a charter member of the Big 12 Conference.
/m/0pf5y	Mannheim is a city in the southwestern part of Germany and after Stuttgart and Karlsruhe the third-largest city in the German state of Baden-Württemberg. Mannheim is among the twenty largest cities in Germany with a 2012 population of approximately 295,000 inhabitants. The city is at the centre of the larger densely populated Rhine-Neckar Metropolitan Region which has a population of 2,400,000 and is Germany's eighth-largest metropolitan region.\nMannheim is located at the confluence of the Rhine and the Neckar in the northwestern corner of Baden-Württemberg. The Rhine separates Mannheim from the city of Ludwigshafen, just to the west of it in Rhineland-Palatinate, and the border of Baden-Württemberg with Hesse is just to the north. Mannheim is downstream along the Neckar from the city of Heidelberg.\nMannheim is unusual among German cities in that its streets and avenues are laid out in a grid pattern, leading to its nickname \"die Quadratestadt\". The eighteenth century Mannheim Palace, former home of the Prince-elector of the Palatinate, now houses the University of Mannheim.\nThe city is home to Daimler, John Deere, ABB, IBM, Roche, Reckitt Benckiser, Unilever, Phoenix Group, Siemens, and several other well-known companies. In addition, Mannheim's SAP Arena is not only the home of the German ice hockey record champions the Adler Mannheim, but also the well-known handball team, the Rhein-Neckar Löwen. According to the Forbes magazine, Mannheim is known for its exceptional inventive power and was ranked 11th among the Top 15 of the most inventive cities worldwide.
/m/01pk8b	Jeddah is a city in the Hijaz Tihamah region on the coast of the Red Sea and is the major urban center of western Saudi Arabia. It is the largest city in Makkah Province, the largest sea port on the Red Sea, and the second-largest city in Saudi Arabia after the capital city, Riyadh. With a population currently at 5.1 million, Jeddah is an important commercial hub in Saudi Arabia.\nJeddah is the principal gateway to Mecca, Islam's holiest city, which able-bodied Muslims are required to visit at least once in their lifetime. It is also a gateway to Medina, the second holiest place in Islam.\nEconomically, Jeddah is focusing on further developing capital investment in scientific and engineering leadership within Saudi Arabia, and the Middle East. Jeddah was independently ranked fourth in the Africa – Mid-East region in terms of innovation in 2009 in the Innovation Cities Index.\nJeddah is one of Saudi Arabia's primary resort cities and was named a Gamma world city by the Globalization and World Cities Study Group and Network.\nHistorically, Jeddah has been well known for its legendary money changers. The largest of said money changers at the time eventually founded Saudi Arabia's first bank, the National Commercial Bank.
/m/0345h	Germany, officially the Federal Republic of Germany, is a federal parliamentary republic in western-central Europe. The country consists of 16 states and its capital and largest city is Berlin. Germany covers an area of 357,021 square kilometres and has a largely temperate seasonal climate. With 80.6 million inhabitants, it is the most populous member state in the European Union. Germany is the major economic and political power of the European continent and a historic leader in many cultural, theoretical and technical fields.\nVarious Germanic tribes occupied what is now northern Germany and southern Scandinavia since classical antiquity. A region named Germania was documented by the Romans before AD 100. During the Migration Period that coincided with the decline of the Roman Empire, the Germanic tribes expanded southward and established kingdoms throughout much of Europe. Beginning in the 10th century, German territories formed a central part of the Holy Roman Empire. During the 16th century, northern German regions became the centre of the Protestant Reformation. Occupied during the Napoleonic Wars, the rise of Pan-Germanism inside the German Confederation resulted in the unification of most of the German states in 1871 into the German Empire, which was dominated by Prussia.
/m/0ljsz	Princeton is a municipality with a borough form of government in Mercer County, New Jersey, United States, that was established on January 1, 2013, through the consolidation of the Borough of Princeton and Princeton Township. As of the 2010 United States Census, the borough's population was 28,572, reflecting the former township's population of 16,265, along with the 12,307 in the former borough.\nPrinceton is best known as the location of Princeton University, which has been sited in the community since 1756. Although Princeton is a \"college town\", there are other important institutions in the area, including the Institute for Advanced Study, Westminster Choir College, Princeton Theological Seminary, Educational Testing Service, Opinion Research Corporation, Siemens Corporate Research, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Sarnoff Corporation, FMC Corporation, The Robert Wood Johnson Foundation, Amrep, Church and Dwight, Berlitz International, and Dow Jones & Company.\nPrinceton is roughly equidistant from New York City and Philadelphia. Princeton is close to many major highways that serve both cities, and receives all major TV and radio broadcasts from each.\nNew Jersey's capital is the city of Trenton, but the governor's official residence has been in Princeton since 1945, when Morven in the borough became the first Governor's mansion. It was later replaced by the larger Drumthwacket, a colonial mansion located in the township. Morven became a museum property of the New Jersey Historical Society.
/m/01km6_	Birkenhead is a town within the Metropolitan Borough of Wirral in Merseyside, England. Historically in Cheshire, it is on the Wirral Peninsula, along the west bank of the River Mersey, opposite the city of Liverpool. At the 2001 Census, the town had a population of 83,729. Birkenhead is perhaps best known as a centre for ship building, as a seaport and its related industries.
/m/0345_	Guatemala, officially the Republic of Guatemala, is a country in Central America bordered by Mexico to the north and west, the Pacific Ocean to the southwest, Belize to the northeast, the Caribbean to the east, Honduras to the east and El Salvador to the southeast. Its area is 108,890 km² with an estimated population of 15,438,384. A representative democracy, its capital is Nueva Guatemala de la Asunción, also known as Guatemala City.\nThe former Mayan civilization was a Mesoamerican civilization, which continued throughout the Post-Classic period until the arrival of the Spanish. They had lived in Guatemala, Honduras, Belize, the southern part of Mexico and eastern parts of El Salvador. After independence from Spain in 1821, Guatemala was a part of the Federal Republic of Central America and after its dissolution the country suffered much of the political instability that characterized the region during mid to late 19th century. Early in the 20th century, Guatemala had a mixture of democratic governments as well as a series of dictators, the last of which were frequently assisted by the United Fruit Company and the United States government. From 1960 to 1996, Guatemala underwent a civil war fought between the government and leftist rebels. Following the war, Guatemala has witnessed both economic growth and successful democratic elections. In the most recent election, held in 2011, Otto Pérez Molina of the Patriotic Party won the presidency.
/m/033wx9	Ashlee Nicole Simpson is an American singer-songwriter and actress. The younger sister of Jessica Simpson, she rose to prominence as a participant in her sister's reality show Newlyweds: Nick and Jessica, and starred in the spin-off program The Ashlee Simpson Show which portrayed her creating her debut album, Autobiography. The album was released after the show's first season and went to the top of the album chart. Following a North American concert tour and a film appearance, Simpson released her second number-one album, I Am Me. Simpson assumed creative control over her less successful third album, Bittersweet World.
/m/0fvzz	Harrisburg is the capital city of Pennsylvania. As of 2011, the city had a population of 49,673, making it the ninth-largest city in Pennsylvania. Harrisburg is also the county seat of Dauphin County and lies on the east bank of the Susquehanna River, 105 miles west-northwest of Philadelphia and 204 miles east of Pittsburgh.\nThe Harrisburg-Carlisle Metropolitan Statistical Area, which includes Dauphin, Cumberland, and Perry counties, had a population of 509,074 in 2000 and grew to 549,850 in 2010. A July 1, 2007 estimate placed the population at 528,892, making it the fifth largest Metropolitan Statistical Area in Pennsylvania after Philadelphia, Pittsburgh, Allentown−Bethlehem−Easton, and Scranton−Wilkes Barre. The Harrisburg-Carlisle-Lebanon Combined Statistical Area, including both the Harrisburg-Carlisle and Lebanon Metropolitan Statistical Areas, had an estimated population of 656,781 in 2007 and was the fourth-most populous metropolitan area in the state.\nHarrisburg played a notable role in American history during the Westward Migration, the American Civil War, and the Industrial Revolution. During part of the 19th century, the building of the Pennsylvania Canal and later the Pennsylvania Railroad allowed Harrisburg to become one of the most industrialized cities in the Northeastern United States. The U.S. Navy ship USS Harrisburg, which served from 1918 to 1919 at the end of World War I, was named in honor of the city.
/m/0fmyd	Abidjan is the former capital city and currently the economic city of Ivory Coast. As of 2011 it is the largest city in the nation and the third-largest French-speaking city in the world, after Paris and Kinshasa. As of 2006 records, there were 5,068,858 residents in the metropolitan area and 3,796,677 residents in the municipality. Only Lagos, the former capital of Nigeria, has a larger number of inhabitants in the West African region. Considered a cultural hub of West Africa, Abidjan is characterized by a high level of industrialization and urbanization. The city stands in Ébrié Lagoon on several converging peninsulas and islands connected by bridges.\nThe city grew up quickly after the construction of a new wharf in 1931 and its designation as the capital city of the then-French colony in 1933. The completion of the Vridi Canal in 1951 enabled it to become an important sea port. In 1983 Yamoussoukro was designated as the official capital city of Ivory Coast, but almost all political institutions and foreign embassies are still in Abidjan.
/m/0ptx_	Dog Day Afternoon is a 1975 American dramatic crime film directed by Sidney Lumet, written by Frank Pierson, and produced by Martin Bregman. The film stars Al Pacino, John Cazale, Charles Durning, Chris Sarandon, Penelope Allen, James Broderick, Lance Henriksen, and Carol Kane. The title refers to the \"sultry dog days of summer\".\nThe film was inspired by P.F. Kluge's article \"The Boys in the Bank\", which tells a similar story of the robbery of a Brooklyn bank by John Wojtowicz and Salvatore Naturale on August 22, 1972. This article was published in Life in 1972. The film received critical acclaim upon its September 1975 release by Warner Bros., some of which referred to its anti-establishment tone. Dog Day Afternoon was nominated for several Academy Awards and Golden Globe awards, and won one Academy Award.
/m/0plyy	Terre Haute is a city in and the county seat of Vigo County, Indiana, United States, near the state's western border with Illinois. As of the 2010 census, the city had a total population of 60,785 and its metropolitan area had a population of 170,943. The city is the self-proclaimed capital of the Wabash Valley. With numerous higher education institutions located in Terre Haute, the city has embraced its college town persona. Terre Haute was named the 'Community of the Year' in 2010 by the Indiana Chamber.
/m/0x2gl	Manslaughter is a legal term for the killing of a human being, in a manner considered by law as less culpable than murder. The distinction between murder and manslaughter is sometimes said to have first been made by the Ancient Athenian lawmaker Draco in the 7th century BCE. However, Biblical references were made prior to this that differentiate unintentional killing due to accident, and premeditated killing.\nThe definition of manslaughter differs from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. The law generally differentiates between levels of criminal culpability based on the mens rea, or state of mind; or the circumstances under which the killing occurred. Manslaughter is usually broken down into two distinct categories: voluntary manslaughter and involuntary manslaughter; however, this is not the case in all jurisdictions.\nIn some jurisdictions, such as the UK, Canada and some Australian states provocation is a partial defence to a charge of murder which acts by converting what would otherwise have been murder into manslaughter.
/m/03h4fq7	Dinner For Schmucks is a 2010 comedy film written by Andy Borowitz, Ken Daurio, David Guion, Michael Handelman, Cinco Paul, Francis Veber, Jon Vitti and directed by Jay Roach.
/m/09blyk	Psychological thriller is a fictional thriller story which emphasizes the psychology of its characters and their unstable emotional states. In terms of classification, the category is a sub-genre of the broader ranging thriller category, with similarities to Gothic and detective fiction in the sense of sometimes having a \"dissolving sense of reality\", moral ambiguity, and complex and tortured relationships between obsessive and pathological characters. Psychological thrillers often incorporate elements of mystery, drama, and horror, particularly psychological horror. They are usually books or films.
/m/01ddth	Pulmonary embolism is a blockage of the main artery of the lung or one of its branches by a substance that has travelled from elsewhere in the body through the bloodstream. PE most commonly results from deep vein thrombosis that breaks off and migrates to the lung, a process termed venous thromboembolism. A small proportion of cases are caused by the embolization of air, fat, or talc in drugs of intravenous drug abusers or amniotic fluid. The obstruction of the blood flow through the lungs and the resultant pressure on the right ventricle of the heart lead to the symptoms and signs of PE. The risk of PE is increased in various situations, such as cancer or prolonged bed rest.\nSymptoms of pulmonary embolism include difficulty breathing, chest pain on inspiration, and palpitations. Clinical signs include low blood oxygen saturation and cyanosis, rapid breathing, and a rapid heart rate. Severe cases of PE can lead to collapse, abnormally low blood pressure, and sudden death.\nDiagnosis is based on these clinical findings in combination with laboratory tests and imaging studies, usually CT pulmonary angiography. Treatment is typically with anticoagulant medication, including heparin and warfarin. Severe cases may require thrombolysis with drugs such as tissue plasminogen activator or may require surgical intervention via pulmonary thrombectomy.
/m/03y5ky	Valparaiso University, known colloquially as Valpo, is a regionally accredited private university located in Valparaiso, Indiana, United States. The university is a coed, four-year, private institution and enrolls more than 4,000 students from over 50 countries.\nCovering 320 acres, Valpo’s campus is positioned approximately one hour southeast of Chicago. The city of Valparaiso is part of the Chicago metropolitan area and has an approximate population of 31,000 residents.\nValpo consists of five undergraduate colleges, a graduate school, and a law school. It is the largest independent Lutheran university in the United States and is home to the second largest collegiate chapel in the world, The Chapel of the Resurrection.\nOriginally named Valparaiso Male and Female College, Valparaiso University was founded in 1859 as one of the first coeducation colleges in the United States. Due to reverses brought about by the Civil War, the college was forced to close its doors in 1871. Two years later it was revived by Henry Baker Brown, an educator, and was named Northern Indiana Normal School and Business Institute. At the turn of the 20th century, its name was changed to Valparaiso College, and shortly after it was rechartered as Valparaiso University. Initially founded by Methodists, the Lutheran University Association purchased the school in 1925 and continues to operate it today.
/m/0ksf29	Don Carmody is a film producer that started his own production company \"Don Carmody Productions\" in 1980 and his credits include some 90 films thus far. He has produced such films as The Mighty, Yesterday, The Boondock Saints, Good Will Hunting and Chicago which won an Academy award in 2003 for Best Picture. He recently produced the film 45 R.P.M. He has also produced the video game to movie adaptions Resident Evil: Apocalypse, Silent Hill.
/m/0pksh	Tsui Hark, born Tsui Man-kong, is a Vietnamese-Hong Kong based New Wave film director, producer and screenwriter. Tsui has produced & also directed several critically acclaimed Hong Kong films such as A Better Tomorrow; A Chinese Ghost Story; Once Upon a Time in China; and most recently, Seven Swords; Detective Dee and the Mystery of the Phantom Flame; and Flying Swords of Dragon Gate. He is viewed as a major figure in the Golden Age of Hong Kong cinema and has been regarded by critics as \"one of the masters of Asian cinematography.\"
/m/06mn7	Stanley Kubrick was an American film director, screenwriter, producer, cinematographer, and editor who did much of his work in the United Kingdom. He is regarded by many as one of the greatest filmmakers of all time. His films, typically adaptations of novels or short stories, are noted for their \"dazzling\" and unique cinematography, attention to detail in the service of realism, and the evocative use of music. Kubrick's films covered a variety of genres, including war, crime, literary adaptations, romantic and black comedies, horror, epic and science fiction. Kubrick was also noted for being a demanding perfectionist, using painstaking care with scene staging, camera-work and coordinating extremely closely both with his actors and his behind-scenes collaborators.\nStarting out as a photographer in New York City, he taught himself all aspects of film production and directing after graduating from high school. His earliest films were made on a shoestring budget, followed by one Hollywood blockbuster, Spartacus, after which he spent most of the rest of his career living and filming in the United Kingdom. His home at Childwickbury Manor in Hertfordshire became his workplace where he did his writing, research, editing and management of production details. This allowed him to have almost complete artistic control, but with the rare advantage of having financial support from major Hollywood studios.
/m/0fq8f	The city of Luxembourg, also known as Luxembourg City, is a commune with city status, and the capital of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. It stands at the confluence of the Alzette and Pétrusse Rivers in southern Luxembourg. The city contains the Luxembourg Castle, established by the Franks in the Early Middle Ages, around which a settlement developed.\nLuxembourg City lies at the heart of Western Europe, situated 213 km by road from Brussels, 372 km from Paris, 209 km from Cologne.\nAs of January 2013, the commune of Luxembourg City had a population of 103,641, which was more than three times the population of the country's second most populous commune. The city's metropolitan population, including that of surrounding communes of Hesperange, Sandweiler, Strassen, and Walferdange, was higher than 160,000.\nIn 2011, Luxembourg was ranked as having the second highest GDP in the world, with a per capita GDP of $80,119, with the city having developed into a banking and administrative centre. In the 2011 Mercer worldwide survey of 221 cities, Luxembourg was placed first for personal safety while it was ranked 19th for quality of living. It is a seat of several institutions of the European Union, including the European Court of Justice, the European Court of Auditors, the Secretariat of the European Parliament, the European Investment Bank, the European Investment Fund, and the European Stability Mechanism.
/m/03jj93	David Thewlis is an English actor of stage and screen. His most commercially successful role to date has been that of Remus Lupin in the Harry Potter film series. Other notable performances include his work in the films Naked, Timeline, Kingdom of Heaven, The Omen, The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas, London Boulevard and War Horse. He made his name known in 1993 with his performance of Johnny in Naked and with his performance of main antagonist King Einon in the 1996 film Dragonheart. He has also done voice work in the films James and the Giant Peach and The Miracle Maker.
/m/07f3xb	Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje is a British actor and former fashion model, best known for his roles as Lock-Nah in The Mummy Returns, Nykwana Wombosi in The Bourne Identity, Mr. Eko on Lost and Simon Adebisi on Oz.
/m/0lzcs	Herbert Henry Asquith, 1st Earl of Oxford and Asquith, KG, PC, KC served as the Liberal Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1908 to 1916. Until 5 January 1988, he had been the longest continuously serving Prime Minister in the 20th century.\nAs Prime Minister, he led his Liberal party to a series of domestic reforms, including social insurance and the reduction of the power of the House of Lords. He led the nation into the First World War, but a series of military and political crises led to his replacement in late 1916 by David Lloyd George. His falling out with Lloyd George played a major part in the downfall of the Liberal Party.\nBefore his term as Prime Minister he served as Home Secretary and as Chancellor of the Exchequer. He was known as H. H. Asquith until his elevation to the peerage, when he became Earl of Oxford and Asquith.\nAsquith's achievements in peacetime have been overshadowed by his weaknesses in wartime. Many historians portray a vacillating Prime Minister, unable to present the necessary image of action and dynamism to the public. Others stress his continued high administrative ability, and argue that many of the major reforms popularly associated with Lloyd George as \"the man who won the war\" were actually implemented by Asquith. The dominant historical verdict is that there were two Asquiths: the urbane and conciliatory Asquith, who was a successful peacetime leader, and the hesitant and increasingly exhausted Asquith, who practised the politics of muddle and delay during the Great War.
/m/0161sp	Leonard Albert \"Lenny\" Kravitz is an American singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, record producer, actor and arranger, whose \"retro\" style incorporates elements of rock, soul, R&B, funk, reggae, hard rock, psychedelic, folk and ballads. In addition to singing lead and backing vocals, Kravitz often played all the guitar, bass, drums, keyboards and percussion himself when recording. He is known for his elaborate stage performances and music videos.\nHe won the Grammy Award for Best Male Rock Vocal Performance four years in a row from 1999 to 2002, breaking the record for most wins in that category as well as setting the record for most consecutive wins in one category by a male. He has been nominated for and won other awards, including American Music Awards, MTV Video Music Awards, Radio Music Awards, BRIT Awards and Blockbuster Entertainment Awards. On December 1, 2011, Kravitz was made an Officer of the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres. He plays the role of Cinna in the Hunger Games film series.
/m/016cyt	Roots reggae is a subgenre of reggae that deals with the everyday lives and aspirations of the artists concerned, including the spiritual side of Rastafari and with the honoring of God, called Jah by Rastafarians. It also is identified with the life of the ghetto sufferer, and the rural poor. Lyrical themes include spirituality and religion, poverty, Black pride, social issues, resistance to government and racial oppression, and repatriation to Africa.
/m/02r_d4	Jeffrey Michael Tambor is an American actor and voice actor, best known for his roles as Hank Kingsley on The Larry Sanders Show, as well as George Bluth Sr. and Oscar Bluth on Arrested Development.
/m/04pm6	The Linux kernel is a Unix-like operating system kernel used by a variety of operating systems based on it, which are usually in the form of Linux distributions. The Linux kernel is a prominent example of free and open source software.\nThe Linux kernel is released under the GNU General Public License version 2, and is developed by contributors worldwide. Day-to-day development discussions take place on the Linux kernel mailing list.\nThe Linux kernel was initially conceived and created in 1991 by Finnish computer science student Linus Torvalds. Linux rapidly accumulated developers and users who adapted code from other free software projects for use with the new operating system. The Linux kernel has received contributions from thousands of programmers.
/m/05r_x5	Karlsruher SC is a German association football club, based in Karlsruhe, Baden-Württemberg. KSC rose out of the consolidation of a number of predecessor clubs. They have played in the Bundesliga, but were relegated to the 2. Bundesliga in 1998 and in 2009. In 2012, they were relegated to the 3. Liga. In 2013, they were promoted back to the 2. Bundesliga.
/m/07bxhl	Bhutan, officially the Kingdom of Bhutan, is a landlocked country in South Asia located at the eastern end of the Himalayas. It is bordered to the north by China and to the south, east and west by India. To the west, it is separated from Nepal by the Indian state of Sikkim, while further south it is separated from Bangladesh by the Indian states of Assam and West Bengal. Bhutan's capital and largest city is Thimphu.\nBhutan existed as a patchwork of minor warring fiefdoms until the early 17th century, when the lama and military leader Shabdrung Ngawang Namgyal, fleeing religious persecution in Tibet, unified the area and cultivated a distinct Bhutanese identity. Later, in the early 20th century, Bhutan came into contact with the British Empire and retained strong bilateral relations with India upon its independence. In 2006, based on a global survey, Business Week rated Bhutan the happiest country in Asia and the eighth-happiest in the world.\nBhutan's landscape ranges from subtropical plains in the south to the sub-alpine Himalayan heights in the north, where some peaks exceed 7,000 metres. Its total area was reported as approximately 46,500 km² in 1997 and 38,394 square kilometres in 2002. Bhutan's state religion is Vajrayana Buddhism and the population, now estimated to be nearly three-quarters of a million, is predominantly Buddhist. Hinduism is the second-largest religion.
/m/0194_r	The Institute for Advanced Study, located in Princeton, New Jersey, United States, is an independent postdoctoral center for theoretical research and intellectual inquiry.
/m/07348	Sabah is one of the 13 member states of Malaysia, and is its easternmost state. It is located on the northern portion of the island of Borneo. It is the second largest state in the country after Sarawak, which it borders on its southwest. It also shares a border with the province of North Kalimantan of Indonesia in the south. The capital of Sabah is Kota Kinabalu, formerly known as Jesselton. Sabah is often referred to as \"The Land Below The Wind\", a phrase used by seafarers in the past to describe lands south of the typhoon belt.
/m/02qtywd	Larry Klein is a music producer, songwriter and bass guitar player.
/m/05qmj	Plato was a philosopher in Classical Greece. He was also a mathematician, student of Socrates, writer of philosophical dialogues, and founder of the Academy in Athens, the first institution of higher learning in the Western world. Along with his mentor, Socrates, and his most-famous student, Aristotle, Plato helped to lay the foundations of Western philosophy and science. Alfred North Whitehead once noted: \"the safest general characterization of the European philosophical tradition is that it consists of a series of footnotes to Plato.\"\nPlato's sophistication as a writer is evident in his Socratic dialogues; thirty-six dialogues and thirteen letters have been ascribed to him, although 15–18 of them have been contested. Plato's writings have been published in several fashions; this has led to several conventions regarding the naming and referencing of Plato's texts. Plato's dialogues have been used to teach a range of subjects, including philosophy, logic, ethics, rhetoric, religion and mathematics. Plato is one of the most important founding figures in Western philosophy. His writings related to the Theory of Forms, or Platonic ideals, are the basis for Platonism.
/m/0h63gl9	Magic Mike is a 2012 American comedy-drama film directed by Steven Soderbergh and starring Channing Tatum, Alex Pettyfer, Matt Bomer, Joe Manganiello, and Matthew McConaughey. The plot revolves around Adam, a 19-year-old who enters the world of male stripping, guided by Mike Lane, who has been in the business for six years.\nThe film is loosely based on the experiences of Tatum, who was an 18-year-old stripper in Tampa, Florida. Magic Mike was filmed in Los Angeles and Tampa. It premiered as the closing film for the 2012 Los Angeles Film Festival on June 24, 2012, and was widely released by Warner Bros. on June 29, 2012. The film received positive reviews upon its release and was a box-office success.
/m/0m_zm	County Roscommon is a county in Ireland. It is located in the West Region and is also part of the province of Connacht. It is named after the town of Roscommon. Roscommon comes from the Irish Ros meaning a wooded, gentle height and Comán, the name of the founder, first abbot and bishop of Roscommon. Roscommon County Council is the local authority for the county. The population of the county is 64,065 according to the 2011 census.
/m/026g4l_	Frederick M. Zollo is an award winning American producer and director of both stage and screen.
/m/07fvf1	Michael \"Mike\" Scully is an American television writer and producer. He is known for his work as executive producer and showrunner of the animated sitcom The Simpsons from 1997 to 2001. Scully grew up in West Springfield, Massachusetts and long had an interest in writing. He was an underachiever at school and dropped out of college, going on to work in a series of jobs. Eventually, in 1986, he moved to Los Angeles where he worked as a stand-up comic and wrote for Yakov Smirnoff.\nHe went on to write for several television sitcoms before 1993 when he was hired to write for The Simpsons. There, he wrote twelve episodes, including \"Lisa on Ice\" and \"Team Homer\". He became showrunner from season 9 to season 12. Scully won three Primetime Emmy Awards for his work on the series with many publications praising his episodes, but others have criticized his tenure as a period of decline in the show's quality. Scully still works on the show and also co-wrote 2007's The Simpsons Movie. He co-created The Pitts and Complete Savages as well as working on Everybody Loves Raymond and Parks and Recreation. He co-developed the short-lived animated television version of Napoleon Dynamite. Scully is married to fellow writer Julie Thacker.
/m/0f7hc	Edward Regan \"Eddie\" Murphy is an American comedian, actor, writer, singer, director, and musician.\nBox-office takes from Murphy's films make him the second-highest grossing actor in the United States. He was a regular cast member on Saturday Night Live from 1980 to 1984 and has worked as a stand-up comedian. He was ranked no. 10 on Comedy Central's list of the 100 Greatest Stand-ups of All Time.\nHe has received Golden Globe Award nominations for his performances in 48 Hrs., Beverly Hills Cop series, Trading Places, and The Nutty Professor. In 2007, he won the Golden Globe for Best Supporting Actor and received a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his portrayal of soul singer James \"Thunder\" Early in Dreamgirls.\nEddie Murphy's work as a voice actor includes Thurgood Stubbs in The PJs, Donkey in the Shrek series and the Chinese dragon Mushu in Disney's Mulan. In some of his films, he plays multiple roles in addition to his main character, intended as a tribute to one of his idols Peter Sellers, who played multiple roles in Dr. Strangelove and elsewhere. Murphy has played multiple roles in Coming to America, Wes Craven's Vampire in Brooklyn, the Nutty Professor films, Bowfinger, Norbit, and Meet Dave.
/m/0152n0	Skeleton is a fast winter sliding sport in which a person rides a small sled down a frozen track while lying face down, during which the rider experiences forces up to 5 g and reaches speeds over 130 km/h. The sport was named from the bony appearance of the sled. It was added to the Olympic program for the 2002 Winter Olympics; previously, it had been in the Olympic program only in St. Moritz, Switzerland, in 1928 and 1948.\nThe skeleton originated in St. Moritz, Switzerland, as a spinoff of the popular British sport called Cresta sledding. Although skeleton \"sliders\" use equipment similar to that of Cresta \"riders\", the two sports are different: while skeleton is run on the same track used by bobsleds and luge, Cresta is run on Cresta-specific sledding tracks only. Skeleton sleds are steered using torque provided by the head and shoulders. The Cresta toboggan does not have a steering or braking mechanism, though Cresta riders use rakes on their boots in addition to shifting body weight to help steer and brake.\nThe sport of skeleton can be traced to 1882, when English soldiers constructed a toboggan track between the towns of Davos and Klosters. While toboggan tracks were not uncommon at the time, the added challenge of curves and bends in the Swiss track distinguished it from those of Canada and the United States.
/m/0ply0	Orlando is a city in the U.S. state of Florida and a popular tourist destination. Located in Central Florida, it is the county seat of Orange County and the center of the Greater Orlando metropolitan area. Orlando had a population of 238,300 according to the 2010 census, making it the 77th largest city in the United States. The Greater Orlando metropolitan area has a population of 2,134,411, making it the 26th largest metro area in the United States, the sixth largest metro area in the Southeastern United States, and the third largest metro area in the state of Florida. Orlando is the fifth largest city in Florida, and the state's largest inland city.\nOrlando is nicknamed \"The City Beautiful\" and its symbol is the fountain at Lake Eola. Orlando is also known as \"The Theme Park Capital of the World\" and its tourist attractions draw more than 51 million tourists a year, including 3.6 million international guests. The Orlando International Airport is the thirteenth busiest airport in the United States and the 29th busiest in the world. Buddy Dyer is Orlando's mayor.\nAs the most visited American city in 2009, Orlando's famous attractions form the backbone of its tourism industry: Walt Disney World Resort, located approximately 21 miles southwest of Downtown Orlando in Lake Buena Vista, opened by the Walt Disney Company in 1971; the Universal Orlando Resort, which consists of the two parks of Universal Studios Florida and Islands of Adventure; City Walk; SeaWorld; Gatorland; and Wet 'n Wild Water Park. With the exception of Walt Disney World, most major attractions are located along International Drive. The city is also one of the busiest American cities for conferences and conventions.
/m/04s84y	A general contractor is responsible for the day-to-day oversight of a construction site, management of vendors and trades, and communication of information to involved parties throughout the course of a building project.
/m/01h0b0	Partick Thistle Football Club are a professional football club from Glasgow, Scotland. Despite their name, the club are based in the Maryhill area of the city, and have not played in Partick since 1908. The club are members of the Scottish Professional Football League and play in the Scottish Premiership, having won the 2012–13 First Division. This marked a return to the top flight of Scottish football after a nine-year absence. Since 1908 the club have won the Scottish Second Division once and the Scottish First Division six times, most recently in 2013. Thistle have also won both the Scottish League Cup and the Scottish Cup on one occasion. They are currently managed by former player, Alan Archibald.
/m/0172jm	Colby College is a private liberal arts college located on Mayflower Hill in Waterville, Maine, USA. Founded in 1813, it is the 12th-oldest independent liberal arts college in the United States. Colby was the first all-male college in New England to accept female students in 1871.\nApproximately 1,800 students from more than 60 countries are enrolled annually. The college offers 54 major fields of study and 30 minors. In part because of Colby's location, more than two thirds of Colby students participate in study abroad programs. Colby College competes in the NESCAC conference and is one of the \"Little Ivies\".
/m/06mnr	Statistics is the study of the collection, organization, analysis, interpretation and presentation of data. It deals with all aspects of data including the planning of data collection in terms of the design of surveys and experiments.
/m/01d_h	Brian Wayne Transeau, better known by his stage name, BT, is an American music producer, composer, audio technician, multi-instrumentalist, singer, and songwriter. He is an artist in the electronica genre – most often considered a composer of trance music, but known to work within several other styles. BT has also produced and written for artists such as Paul van Dyk, Peter Gabriel, 'N Sync, Sting, Blake Lewis, Tori Amos, and Tiësto. As a film composer, he has worked on films such as The Fast and the Furious and Monster.\nBT is known for pioneering a production technique he calls the stutter edit. This technique consists of taking a small fragment of sound and then repeating it rhythmically. BT was entered into the Guinness Book of World Records for his song \"Somnambulist\". This song was recognized as using the largest number of vocal edits in a song. BT's work with stutter edit techniques led to the formation of software development company, Sonik Architects, and the development of the sound-processing software plug-in Stutter Edit. The company also released a music remix app for the iPhone called Sonifi.\nIn 2010, BT was nominated for a Grammy Award for his studio album These Hopeful Machines under the category \"Best Electronic/Dance Album\".
/m/01rmjw	Lambeth is a district in Central London, England, located in the London Borough of Lambeth. It is situated 1 mile southeast of Charing Cross.
/m/059qw	The North Sea is a marginal sea of the Atlantic Ocean located between Great Britain, Scandinavia, Germany, the Netherlands, Belgium, and France. An epeiric sea on the European continental shelf, it connects to the ocean through the English Channel in the south and the Norwegian Sea in the north. It is more than 970 kilometres long and 580 kilometres wide, with an area of around 750,000 square kilometres.\nThe North Sea has long been the site of important European shipping lanes as well as a major fishery. The sea is a popular destination for recreation and tourism in bordering countries and more recently has developed into a rich source of energy resources including fossil fuels, wind, and early efforts in wave power.\nHistorically, the North Sea has featured prominently in geopolitical and military affairs, particularly in Northern Europe but also globally through the power northern Europeans projected worldwide during much of the Middle Ages and into the modern era. The North Sea was the centre of the Vikings' rise. Subsequently, the Hanseatic League, the Netherlands, and the British each sought to dominate the North Sea and thus the access to the markets and resources of the world. As Germany's only outlet to the ocean, the North Sea continued to be strategically important through both World Wars.
/m/05cws2	Halesowen Town is an English association football club formed in 1873, that play in Halesowen and as of 2013 are playing in the Northern Premier League Division One South. The team is nicknamed \"The Yeltz\".
/m/0glqh5_	Contraband is an 2012 action crime thriller film directed by Baltasar Kormákur, starring Mark Wahlberg, Kate Beckinsale, Ben Foster, Caleb Landry Jones, Giovanni Ribisi, Lukas Haas, Diego Luna and J. K. Simmons. The film is a remake of the 2008 Icelandic film Reykjavík-Rotterdam which Baltasar Kormákur starred in. It was released on January 13, 2012 in the United States by Universal Pictures.
/m/02htv6	The Curtis Institute of Music is a conservatory in Philadelphia that offers courses of study leading to a performance diploma, Bachelor of Music, Master of Music in Opera, or Professional Studies Certificate in Opera.
/m/0dn16	Bubblegum pop is a genre of pop music with an upbeat sound contrived and marketed to appeal to pre-teens and teenagers, that may be produced in an assembly-line process, driven by producers and often using unknown singers. Bubblegum's classic period ran from 1967 to 1972. A second wave of bubblegum started two years later and ran until 1977 when disco took over and punk rock emerged.\nThe genre was predominantly a singles phenomenon rather than an album-oriented one, the presumption being that teenagers and pre-teens had less money to spend on records and were thus more likely to buy singles than albums. Also, because many acts were manufactured in the studio using session musicians, a large number of bubblegum songs were by one-hit wonders. Among the best-known acts of bubblegum's golden era are 1910 Fruitgum Company, The Ohio Express and The Archies, an animated group which had the most successful bubblegum song with \"Sugar, Sugar\", Billboard Magazine's No. 1 single for 1969. Singer Tommy Roe, arguably, had the most bubblegum hits of any artist during this period, notably 1969's \"Dizzy\".
/m/0qplq	Glendale is a city in Maricopa County, Arizona, USA, located about 9 miles northwest from Downtown Phoenix. According to 2010 Census Bureau, the population of the city is 226,721.
/m/036px	Troyal Garth Brooks is an American country music singer and songwriter. His eponymous first album was released in 1989 and peaked at Number 2 in the US country album chart while climbing to number 13 on the Billboard 200 album chart. Brooks' integration of rock elements into his recordings and live performances earned him immense popularity. This progressive approach allowed him to dominate the country single and album charts while crossing over into the mainstream pop arena.\nBrooks broke records for both sales and concert attendance throughout the 1990s. As of 2013, his recordings continue to sell well and, according to Nielsen Soundscan, his albums sales up to May 2013 are 68,630,000, which makes him the best-selling albums artist in the United States in the SoundScan era, a title held since 1991, well over 5 million ahead of his nearest rival, The Beatles. According to RIAA he is the second best-selling solo albums artist in the United States of all time behind Elvis Presley with 128 million units sold. Brooks is also one of the world's best-selling artists of all time having sold more than 150 million albums.
/m/04vvh9	The Cardinal is a 1963 American drama film which was produced independently and directed by Otto Preminger, and distributed by Columbia Pictures. The screenplay was written by Robert Dozier, based on the novel of the same name by Henry Morton Robinson.\nIts cast featured Tom Tryon, Romy Schneider and John Huston, and it was nominated for six Academy Awards.\nThe film was shot on location in Boston, in Bridgeport, Connecticut, and in Rome and Vienna. The music score was written by Jerome Moross. The Cardinal featured the final appearance by veteran film star Dorothy Gish as well as the last big-screen performance of Maggie McNamara.\nRobinson's novel was based on the life of Cardinal Francis Spellman, who was then Archbishop of New York. The Vatican's liaison officer for the film was Joseph Ratzinger, later to become Pope Benedict XVI.
/m/06v9sf	The Allies of World War II were the countries that opposed the Axis powers during the Second World War. The Allies promoted the alliance as seeking to stop German, Italian and Japanese aggression.\nThe anti-German coalition at the start of the war consisted of France, Poland and Great Britain, soon to be joined by the British Commonwealth After first having cooperated with Germany in partitioning Poland whilst remaining neutral in the Allied-Axis conflict, the Soviet Union joined the Allies in June-1941 after being invaded by Germany and its allies. The United States joined in December 1941 after the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor. As of 1942, the \"Big Three\" leaders of Britain, the Soviet Union, and the United States controlled Allied policy; relations between Britain and the U.S. were especially close. Other key Allies included China, Canada, British Raj, the Netherlands, Norway and Yugoslavia as well as Free France; there were numerous others. Together they called themselves the \"United Nations\".
/m/0j210	A soprano is a type of classical female singing voice and has the highest vocal range of all voice types. The soprano's vocal range is from approximately middle C to \"high A\" in choral music, or to \"soprano C\" or higher in operatic music. In four-part chorale style harmony, the soprano takes the highest part, which usually encompasses the melody. For other styles of singing see voice classification in non-classical music.\nTypically, the term \"soprano\" refers to female singers but at times the term \"male soprano\" has been used by men who sing in the soprano vocal range using falsetto vocal production instead of the modal voice. This practice is most commonly found in the context of choral music in England. However, these men are more commonly referred to as countertenors or sopranists. The practice of referring to countertenors as \"male sopranos\" is somewhat controversial within vocal pedagogical circles as these men do not produce sound in the same physiological way that female sopranos do. Michael Maniaci is able sing the modal voice like a woman because his larynx didn't fully develop during puberty. Radu Marian is also able to sing in the modal voice because he never went through puberty, and is considered to be a \"natural\" castrato. In choral music, the term soprano refers to a vocal part or line and not a voice type. Male singers whose voices have not yet changed and are singing the soprano line are technically known as \"trebles\". The term \"boy soprano\" is often used as well, but this is just a colloquialism and not the correct term.
/m/0g48m4	Lebanese Americans are Americans of Lebanese descent. This includes both those who are native to the United States as well as Lebanese immigrants to America.\nLebanese Americans are the largest Arab group in America, comprising 0.16% of the American population as of the American Community Survey estimations for year 2007, and 32.4% of all Arab Americans. Over three million Americans are estimated to have at least partial Lebanese ancestry according to Lebanese American activists. Lebanese-Americans have historically excelled in business, academia, arts and entertainment and have had a significant participation in American politics and social and political activism.
/m/02kxjx	The Western Front of the European Theatre of World War II encompassed Denmark, Norway, Luxembourg, Belgium, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom, France, and Western Germany. World War II military engagements in Southern Europe and elsewhere are generally considered under separate headings. The Western Front was marked by two phases of large-scale combat operations. The first phase saw the capitulation of the Netherlands, Belgium and France during May and June 1940 after their defeat in the Low Countries and the northern half of France, and continued into an air war between Germany and Britain that climaxed with the Battle of Britain. The second phase consisted of large-scale ground combat, which began in June 1944 with the Allied landings in Normandy and continued until the defeat of Germany in May 1945.\nAlthough the majority of German military deaths occurred on the Eastern Front, German losses on the Western Front were almost irreplaceable, because most of Germany's resources were being allocated to the Eastern Front. This meant that, while losses there could be replaced to some extent, very few replacements or reinforcements were being sent to the west to stop the advance of the Western Allies. The Normandy landings was a tremendous psychological blow to the German military and its leaders, who had feared a repetition of the two-front war of World War I.
/m/06sks6	The 2012 Summer Olympics, formally the Games of the XXX Olympiad and commonly known as London 2012, was a major international multi-sport event celebrated in the tradition of the Olympic Games, as governed by the International Olympic Committee. It took place in London, United Kingdom and a lesser extent across the country from 25 July to 12 August 2012. The first event, the group stage in women's football began on 25 July at the Millennium Stadium in Cardiff. More than 10,000 athletes from 204 National Olympic Committees participated. It was officially started however on Friday 27 July 2012 at 0:00.\nFollowing a bid headed by former Olympic champion Sebastian Coe and then-Mayor of London Ken Livingstone, London was selected as the host city on 6 July 2005 during the 117th IOC Session in Singapore, defeating bids from Moscow, New York City, Madrid and Paris. London was the first city to host the modern Olympic Games three times, having previously done so in 1908 and in 1948.\nConstruction for the Games involved considerable redevelopment, with an emphasis on sustainability. The main focus was a new 200-hectare Olympic Park, constructed on a former industrial site at Stratford, East London. The Games also made use of venues that already existed before the bid.
/m/051z6mv	William S. Darling was a Hungarian-born art director who is an inductee of the American Art Directors Guild Hall of Fame.
/m/05wpnx	Ferret Music was an independent record label, founded in 1996. The label is owned in part by NORA's vocalist, Carl Severson, and in part by Philadelphian artist manager Paul Conroy, and based in West Windsor Township, New Jersey. Ferret recently started an imprint called New Weathermen Records.\nWarner Music Group's Alternative Distribution Alliance acquired a stake in Ferret Music in August, 2006, and as a result is currently distributed by RED Distribution, Alternative Distribution Alliance and eOne Music.\nAs of September 12, 2007, Ferret partnered with an uprising death metal/hardcore label out of the UK, Siege Of Amida Records, A.K.A. \"S.O.A.R.\" S.O.A.R will retain A&R responsibilities. In February 18th, 2010 Carl Severson and his business partner at Ferret and ChannelZERO, Paul Conroy, announced their departure from the company to start Good Fight Entertainment, a management company with music and sports divisions along with a new record label.\nAs of February 2013, Ferret's official website has not been updated in over three years, adding to speculation that the label is defunct.
/m/02lw8j	Shock rock is an umbrella term for artists who combine rock music or metal with elements of theatrical shock value in live performances. Performances often included costumes and masks. Shock rock also included elements of horror.
/m/01g42	Burton Stephen \"Burt\" Lancaster was an American film actor noted for his athletic physique, blue eyes, and distinctive smile. After initially building his career on \"tough guy\" roles Lancaster abandoned his \"all-American\" image in the late 1950s in favor of more complex and challenging roles, and came to be regarded as one of the best motion picture actors as a result.\nLancaster was nominated four times for Academy Awards and won once for his work in Elmer Gantry in 1960. He also won a Golden Globe for that performance and BAFTA Awards for The Birdman of Alcatraz and Atlantic City. His production company, Hecht-Hill-Lancaster, was the most successful and innovative star-driven independent production company in Hollywood in the 1950s, making movies such as Marty, Trapeze, Sweet Smell of Success, and Separate Tables.\nIn 1999, the American Film Institute named Lancaster 19th among the greatest male stars of all time.
/m/02cm2m	Kyle McCulloch is a writer for the TV cartoon South Park, and is largely responsible for the show's Canadian culture themes. He was also a writer on SpongeBob SquarePants on the episode \"Skill Crane\". He will also occasionally provide the voice for one-time use characters, such as one of the Mormon characters in \"All About Mormons\".\nMcCulloch is also the voice and creator of Mr. Wong in the online cartoon series at icebox.com. The son of retired CBC Radio announcer Tom McCulloch, Kyle McCulloch grew up in Winnipeg and started his career acting in Guy Maddin films such as Archangel, Careful, and Tales from the Gimli Hospital. In 1990 he performed in his own play at the Winnipeg Fringe Festival.
/m/03x3wf	The Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award is awarded by the Recording Academy to \"performers who, during their lifetimes, have made creative contributions of outstanding artistic significance to the field of recording.\" This award is distinct from the Grammy Hall of Fame Award, which honors specific recordings rather than individuals, and the Grammy Trustees Award, which honors non-performers.
/m/01kwld	Dominic Bernard Patrick Luke Monaghan is a German-born English actor. He has received international attention from playing Meriadoc Brandybuck in Peter Jackson's adaptation of J.R.R. Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings and for his role as Charlie Pace on the television show Lost. In 2009 he played Chris Bradley / Bolt in X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
/m/01bjbk	Pillow Talk is a 1959 romantic comedy film directed by Michael Gordon. It features Rock Hudson, Doris Day, Tony Randall, Thelma Ritter and Nick Adams. The film was written by Russell Rouse, Maurice Richlin, Stanley Shapiro and Clarence Greene.\nThe film won the Academy Award for Best Writing, and was nominated for Best Actress in a Leading Role, Best Actress in a Supporting Role, Best Art Direction-Set Decoration, Color and Best Music, Scoring of a Dramatic or Comedy Picture.\nThis is the first of three movies in which Day, Hudson and Randall starred together, the other two being Lover Come Back and Send Me No Flowers.\nUpon its release, Pillow Talk brought in a then staggering domestic box-office gross of $18,750,000 and gave Rock Hudson's career a comeback after the failure of A Farewell to Arms earlier that year.\nIn 2009, it was entered into the National Film Registry by the Library of Congress for being \"culturally, historically or aesthetically\" significant and preserved.
/m/023kzp	William Hall Macy, Jr. is an American actor, screenwriter, teacher and director in theater, film and television. His film career has been built mostly on his appearances in small, independent films, though he has appeared in summer action films as well. Macy has described himself as \"sort of a Middle American, WASPy, Lutheran kind of guy... Everyman\".\nMacy was nominated for an Academy Award for his role as Jerry Lundegaard in Fargo. He has won two Emmy Awards and a Screen Actors Guild Award, and has been nominated for nine Emmy Awards and seven Screen Actors Guild Awards in total. He is also a three-time Golden Globe Award nominee. Since 2011 he has played the main antagonist in the Showtime television series Shameless. Macy and actress Felicity Huffman have been married since 1997.
/m/01lqnff	Vincent Peter \"Vinnie\" Jones is a British actor and former professional footballer who played as a midfielder from 1984 to 1999 notably for Wimbledon, Leeds United and Chelsea.\nBorn in Watford, Hertfordshire, Jones represented and captained the Welsh national football team, having qualified via a Welsh grandparent. As a member of the \"Crazy Gang\", Jones won the 1988 FA Cup Final with Wimbledon, a club for which he played well over 200 games during two spells between 1986 and 1998. He also previously played for Chelsea and Leeds United. Jones appeared in Celebrity Big Brother 2010, where he finished in third place behind Dane Bowers and Alex Reid.\nHe has capitalised on his tough man image as a footballer and is known as an actor for his aggressive style and intimidating demeanour, often being typecast into roles as coaches, hooligans and violent criminals.
/m/03bxp5	Little Women is a 1994 American drama film directed by Gillian Armstrong. The screenplay by Robin Swicord is based on the Louisa May Alcott novel of the same name. It is the fifth feature film adaptation of the Alcott classic, following silent versions released in 1917 and 1918, a 1933 George Cukor-directed release, a 1949 adaptation by Mervyn LeRoy, and a 1978 adaptation by Gordon Hessler. It was released exclusively on December 21, 1994, and was released wide on December 25, 1994, by Columbia Pictures.
/m/039_ym	The Israel national football team is the national football team of Israel, governed by the Israel Football Association.\nIsrael National Football is the direct successor of the Mandatory Palestine National Team, during the British Mandate. Israel has competed in FIFA World Cup qualifiers in three different confederations, competing in the Asian Football Confederation and the Oceania Football Confederation before settling in Europe as a member of the Union of European Football Associations in 1994.\nThe Israeli side qualified for their only FIFA World Cup to date in 1970. Israel also hosted and won the AFC Asian Cup in 1964, and was finalist in 1956 and 1960.
/m/0l1k8	Fife is a council area and historic county of Scotland. It is situated between the Firth of Tay and the Firth of Forth, with inland boundaries to Perth and Kinross and Clackmannanshire. It was once one of the major Pictish kingdoms, known as Fib, and is still commonly known as the Kingdom of Fife within Scotland.\nIt is a lieutenancy area, and was a county of Scotland until 1975. It was very occasionally known by the anglicisation Fifeshire in old documents and maps compiled by English cartographers and authors. A person from Fife is known as a Fifer.\nFife was a local government region divided into three districts: Dunfermline, Kirkcaldy and North-East Fife. Since 1996 the functions of the district councils have been exercised by the unitary Fife Council.\nFife is Scotland's third largest local authority area by population. It has a resident population of just under 360,000, almost a third of whom live in the three principal towns of Dunfermline, Kirkcaldy and Glenrothes. Kirkcaldy is Fife's largest town by population, followed by Dunfermline and then Glenrothes.\nThe historic town of St Andrews is located on the northeast coast of Fife. It is well known for the University of St Andrews, one of the most ancient universities in the world and is renowned as the home of golf.
/m/035gjq	Nicollette Sheridan is an English television and film actress, known for playing Edie Britt on the ABC dramedy series Desperate Housewives and as Paige Matheson of the CBS primetime soap opera Knots Landing. In film, she is known for her roles in The Sure Thing, Noises Off, Spy Hard and Beverly Hills Ninja.
/m/0294jb	Of a flaxen or golden color or of any light shade of auburn or pale yellowish brown.
/m/05th69	CBS Corporation is an American mass media corporation focused on commercial broadcasting, publishing, billboards and television production, with most of its operations in the United States. The president and chief executive of the company is Leslie Moonves. Sumner Redstone, owner of National Amusements, is CBS's majority shareholder and serves as executive chairman. The company began trading on the NYSE on January 3, 2006. Until then, the corporation was known as Viacom, and is the legal successor to said company. A new company, keeping the Viacom name was spun off from CBS. CBS, not Viacom, retains control of over-the-air television and radio broadcasting, TV production and distribution, publishing, pay-cable, basic cable, recording, and outdoor advertising assets formerly owned by the larger company. CBS has its headquarters in CBS Building, Midtown, Manhattan, New York City, New York, United States.
/m/07kcvl	The Miami Hurricanes football team represents the University of Miami in the sport of American football. The Hurricanes compete in the Football Bowl Subdivision of the National Collegiate Athletic Association and the Coastal Division of the Atlantic Coast Conference. The program began in 1926 and has won five AP national championships. Miami is ranked fourth on the list of All-time Associated Press National Poll Championships, tied with Southern California and behind Notre Dame, Oklahoma, and Alabama.\nTwo Hurricanes have won the Heisman Trophy and six have been inducted to the College Football Hall of Fame. Miami also holds a number of NFL Draft records, including most first round selections in a single draft and most consecutive drafts with at least one first round selection. As of the 2011 National Football League season, UM had the most players active in the NFL of any university in the nation, with 42. The team is coached by Al Golden and plays its home games at Sun Life Stadium in Miami Gardens, Florida.
/m/02v992	The University of Tasmania is a public Australian university based in Tasmania, Australia. Officially founded on 1 January 1889, it was the fourth university to be established in Australia. UTAS is a sandstone university and is a member of the international Association of Commonwealth Universities.\nUTAS offers various undergraduate and graduate programs in a range of disciplines. UTAS has links with 20 specialist research institutes, cooperative research centres and faculty based research centres; many of which are regarded as nationally and internationally competitive leaders. UTAS has a student population of nearly 26,800, including over 6,000 international students and 1000 PhD students.
/m/0dzz_	Lincolnshire is a historic county in the east of England. It borders Norfolk to the south east, Cambridgeshire to the south, Rutland to the south west, Leicestershire and Nottinghamshire to the west, South Yorkshire to the northwest, and the East Riding of Yorkshire to the north. It also borders Northamptonshire in the south for just 20 yards, England's shortest county boundary. The county town is Lincoln, where the county council has its headquarters.\nThe ceremonial county of Lincolnshire is composed of the non-metropolitan county of Lincolnshire and the area covered by the unitary authorities of North Lincolnshire and North East Lincolnshire. Therefore, part of the ceremonial county is in the Yorkshire and the Humber region, and part is in the East Midlands region. The county is the second largest of the English ceremonial counties and one that is predominantly agricultural in land use. Although, the county is only fifth largest of the two-tier counties, as the unitary authorities of North Lincolnshire and North East Lincolnshire are not included. The county can be broken down into a number of geographical sub-regions including: the Lincolnshire Fens, the Carrs, the rolling hills of the Lincolnshire Wolds, the industrial Humber Estuary and North Sea coast around Grimsby and Scunthorpe, and in the south-west of the county, the Lincolnshire Vales, comprising limestone hills in the district of South Kesteven.
/m/0h9xl	The People's Action Party has been Singapore's ruling political party since 1959. It is one of the two major parties in Singapore, the other being the Workers' Party.\nSince the 1963 general elections, the PAP has dominated Singapore's parliamentary democracy and has been central to the city-state's rapid political, social, and economic development. However, it has been criticised for the passing of laws that suppress free speech and other civil liberties.\nIn the 2011 Singapore general election, the PAP won 81 of the 87 constituency elected seats in the Parliament of Singapore while receiving 60.14% of total votes cast, the lowest share garnered since independence.
/m/09cdxn	Charles Bryant Lang, Jr., A.S.C. was an American cinematographer.\nEarly in his career, he worked with the Akeley camera, a gyroscope-mounted \"pancake\" camera designed by Carl Akeley for outdoor action shots. Lang's first credits were as co-cinematographer on the silent films The Night Patrol and The Loves of Ricardo.\nAfter completing Tom Sawyer for Paramount Pictures in 1930, he continued working at the studio for more than twenty years. The style of lighting he introduced in A Farewell to Arms became heavily identified with all of Paramount's films during the 1930s and 1940s, though he occasionally worked for other studios, for instance on The Ghost and Mrs. Muir.\nIn 1951, he began the second phase of his career, this time as a free-lance cinematographer. His credits include The Big Heat with Lee Marvin, Sabrina with Humphrey Bogart and William Holden, Gunfight at the O.K. Corral with Burt Lancaster and Kirk Douglas, The Matchmaker, Some Like It Hot with Marilyn Monroe and Jack Lemmon, The Magnificent Seven with Steve McQueen, One-Eyed Jacks with Marlon Brando, How the West Was Won in Cinerama, Charade with Cary Grant and Audrey Hepburn, Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice, and Butterflies Are Free.
/m/075q_	Società Sportiva Lazio, commonly referred to as Lazio, is a professional Italian sports club based in Rome, most known for its football activity. The society, founded in 1900, play in the Serie A and have spent most of their history in the top tier of Italian football. Lazio have been Italian champions twice, and have won the Coppa Italia six times, the Supercoppa Italiana three times, and both the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup and UEFA Super Cup on one occasion.\nThe club had their first major success in 1958, winning the domestic cup. In 1974 they won their first Serie A title. The past fifteen years have been the most successful period in Lazio’s history, seeing them win the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup and UEFA Super Cup in 1999, the Serie A title in 2000, several domestic cups and reaching their first UEFA Cup final in 1998.\nLazio's traditional kit colours are sky blue shirts and white shorts with white socks. Their home is the 72,689 capacity Stadio Olimpico in Rome, which they share with A.S. Roma. Lazio have a long-standing rivalry with Roma, with whom they have contested the Derby della Capitale since 1929.\nLazio is also a sports club that participate in forty sports disciplines in total, more than any other sports association in the world.
/m/02w86hz	Enthiran is a 2010 Indian Tamil science fiction techno thriller, co-written and directed by Shankar. The film features Rajinikanth in dual roles, as a scientist and an andro humanoid robot, alongside Aishwarya Rai while Danny Denzongpa, Santhanam, Karunas, Kalabhavan Mani, Devadarshini, and Cochin Haneefa play supporting roles. The film's story revolves around the scientist's struggle to control his creation, the android robot whose software was upgraded to give it the ability to comprehend and generate human emotions. The plan backfires as the robot falls in love with the scientist's fiancée and is further manipulated to bring destruction to the world when it lands in the hands of a rival scientist.\nAfter nearly a decade of pre-production work, the film was shot over two years beginning in 2008. The film marked the Indian cinema-debut of Legacy Effects, which was responsible for the film's animatronics. The film's background score and soundtrack, which was composed by A. R. Rahman, became the best-selling world album on the iTunes Store in three countries within a few days of its digital release. The film released worldwide on 1 October 2010, along with its dubbed versions: Robo in Telugu and Robot in Hindi. Produced by Kalanithi Maran, it is believed to be India's most expensive film since its release.
/m/03ms9p	A truss bridge is a bridge whose load-bearing superstructure is composed of a truss, a structure of connected elements forming triangular units. The connected elements may be stressed from tension, compression, or sometimes both in response to dynamic loads. Truss bridges are one of the oldest types of modern bridges. The basic types of truss bridges shown in this article have simple designs which could be easily analyzed by 19th- and early 20th-century engineers. A truss bridge is economical to construct because it uses materials efficiently.
/m/017gl1	The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring is a 2001 epic fantasy film directed by Peter Jackson based on the first volume of J. R. R. Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings. It is the first installment in the The Lord of the Rings film series, and was followed by The Two Towers and The Return of the King, based on the second and third volumes of The Lord of the Rings.\nSet in Middle-earth, the story tells of the Dark Lord Sauron, who is seeking the One Ring. The Ring has found its way to the young hobbit Frodo Baggins. The fate of Middle-earth hangs in the balance as Frodo and eight companions who form the Fellowship of the Ring begin their journey to Mount Doom in the land of Mordor, the only place where the Ring can be destroyed.\nReleased on 10 December 2001, the film was highly acclaimed by critics and fans alike who considered it to be a landmark in filmmaking and an achievement in the fantasy film genre. It has continued to be featured on critics' lists of the greatest fantasy films ever made as of 2013. The film was a massive box office success, earning over $871 million worldwide, and becoming the second highest-grossing film of 2001 in the U.S. and worldwide which made it the fifth highest-grossing film ever at the time.
/m/04r68	Lois McMaster Bujold is an American author of science fiction and fantasy works. Bujold is one of the most acclaimed writers in her field, having won the prestigious Hugo Award for best novel four times, matching Robert A. Heinlein's record. Her novella The Mountains of Mourning won both the Hugo Award and Nebula Award. In the fantasy genre, The Curse of Chalion won the Mythopoeic Award for Adult Literature and was nominated for the 2002 World Fantasy Award for best novel, and both her fourth Hugo Award and second Nebula Award were for Paladin of Souls. In 2011 she was awarded the Skylark Award. In 2013 she was awarded the Forry Award.\nThe bulk of Bujold's works are part of three separate book series: the Vorkosigan Saga, the Chalion Series, and the Sharing Knife series.
/m/0jdx	Albania, is a country in Southeastern Europe. It is bordered by Montenegro to the northwest, Kosovo to the northeast, Macedonia to the east, and Greece to the south and southeast. It has a coast on the Adriatic Sea to the west and on the Ionian Sea to the southwest. It is less than 72 km (45 mi) from Italy, across the Strait of Otranto which links the Adriatic Sea to the Ionian Sea.\nAlbania is a member of the UN, NATO, the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe, Council of Europe, World Trade Organisation, and is one of the founding members of the Union for the Mediterranean. Albania has been a potential candidate for accession to the European Union since January 2003 and it formally applied for EU membership on 28 April 2009.\nThe modern-day territory of Albania was at various points in history part of the Roman provinces of Dalmatia (southern Illyricum), Macedonia (particularly Epirus Nova), and Moesia Superior. The modern Republic became independent after the collapse of the Ottoman Empire in Europe following the Balkan Wars. Albania declared independence in 1912 (to be recognised in 1913), becoming a Principality, Republic, and Kingdom until being invaded by Italy in 1939, which formed Greater Albania, which in turn became a Nazi protectorate in 1943. In 1944, a socialist People's Republic was established under the leadership of Enver Hoxha and the Party of Labour. In 1991, the Socialist Republic was dissolved and the Republic of Albania was established.
/m/04btyz	A heist film is a film that has an intricate plot woven around a group of people trying to steal something. Versions with dominant or prominent comic elements are often called caper movies. They could be described as the analogues of caper stories in film history. Typically, there are many plot twists, and film focuses on the characters' attempts to formulate a plan, carry it out, and escape with the goods. There is often a nemesis who must be thwarted: either a figure of authority or a former partner who turned on the group or one of its members.
/m/0pv54	Michael Collins is a 1996 historical biopic written and directed by Neil Jordan and starring Liam Neeson as Michael Collins, the Irish patriot and revolutionary who died in the Irish Civil War. It won the Golden Lion at the Venice Film Festival.
/m/0jdhp	Timothy \"Tim\" Blake Nelson is an American director, writer, and actor.
/m/01t_vv	Comedy-drama is a genre of theatre, film, and television that combines elements of comedy and drama, having both humorous and sometimes serious content.
/m/02lmk	Erwin Johannes Eugen Rommel, popularly known as the Desert Fox, was a German Field Marshal of World War II. He earned the respect of both his own troops and his enemies.\nRommel was a highly decorated officer in World War I and was awarded the Pour le Mérite for his exploits on the Italian Front. In World War II, he further distinguished himself as the commander of the 7th Panzer Division during the 1940 invasion of France. His leadership of German and Italian forces in the North African campaign established him as one of the most able commanders of the war, and earned him the appellation of the Desert Fox. He is regarded as one of the most skilled commanders of desert warfare in the conflict. He later commanded the German forces opposing the Allied cross-channel invasion of Normandy. His assignments never took him to the Eastern Front.\nRommel is regarded as having been a humane and professional officer. His Afrika Korps was never accused of war crimes, and soldiers captured during his Africa campaign were reported to have been treated humanely. Orders to kill Jewish soldiers, civilians and captured commandos were ignored. Late in the war, Rommel was linked to the conspiracy to assassinate Adolf Hitler. Because Rommel was a national hero, Hitler desired to eliminate him quietly. He forced Rommel to commit suicide with a cyanide pill, in return for assurances that Rommel's family would not be persecuted following his death. He was given a state funeral, and it was announced that Rommel had succumbed to his injuries from an earlier strafing of his staff car in Normandy.
/m/0glj9q	The erotic thriller is a film and literary sub-genre which consists of a mixture between erotica and thriller. The genre increased in North American popularity from the mid-1980s through the early 1990s, before declining in marketability.
/m/04bgy	Keith John Moon was an English musician best known as the drummer of the English rock group the Who. He was noted for his unique drumming style and his eccentric, often self-destructive behaviour. In 2011, Moon was voted the second-greatest drummer in history by a Rolling Stone readers' poll. Thirty-five years after his death, his drumming is still praised by critics and musicians.\nMoon grew up in Wembley, northwest London, and took up the drums during the early 1960s. After playing with a local band, the Beachcombers, he joined the Who in 1964 before they recorded their first single. Moon remained with the band during their rise to fame, and was quickly recognised for his distinctive drumming style. He occasionally collaborated with other musicians and later appeared in films, but considered playing in the Who his primary occupation and remained a member of the band until his death. In addition to his talent as a drummer, however, Moon developed a reputation for smashing his kit onstage and destroying hotel rooms on tour. He was fascinated by blowing up toilets with cherry bombs or dynamite, and by destroying television sets. Moon enjoyed touring and socialising, and was bored and restless when the Who were inactive. His twenty-first birthday party in Flint, Michigan has been cited as a notorious example of decadent behaviour by rock groups.
/m/01t_z	Johann Carl Friedrich Gauss was a German mathematician and physical scientist who contributed significantly to many fields, including number theory, algebra, statistics, analysis, differential geometry, geodesy, geophysics, electrostatics, astronomy, and optics.\nSometimes referred to as the Princeps mathematicorum and \"greatest mathematician since antiquity\", Gauss had a remarkable influence in many fields of mathematics and science and is ranked as one of history's most influential mathematicians.
/m/09jcj6	Scoop is a 2006 American-British romantic comedy/murder mystery written and directed by Woody Allen and starring Hugh Jackman, Scarlett Johansson, Ian McShane, and Allen himself. The film was released in the United States by Focus Features on July 28, 2006.
/m/04107	John Ernst Steinbeck, Jr. was an American writer. He is widely known for the Pulitzer Prize-winning novel The Grapes of Wrath, East of Eden and the novella Of Mice and Men. As the author of twenty-seven books, including sixteen novels, six non-fiction books, and five collections of short stories, Steinbeck received the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1962.
/m/01lwfr	Pampanga is a province of the Philippines located in the Central Luzon region. Its capital is the City of San Fernando. Pampanga is bordered by the provinces of Bataan and Zambales to the west, Tarlac and Nueva Ecija to the north, and Bulacan to the southeast. Pampanga also lies on the northern shore of Manila Bay. Angeles City, although geographically within Pampanga, is classified as a first-class, highly urbanized city and has a government independent of the province.\nThe name \"La Pampanga\" was given by the Spaniards who found the early natives living near the river banks. It also served as the capital of the archipelago for two years from 1762–1764 during the British invasion of Manila. The word pampang, from which the province's name originates, means river bank. Its creation in 1571 makes it the first Spanish province in the Philippines. The Province of Pampanga is the culinary capital of the Philippines.\nPampanga is served by the Clark International Airport, which is located at Clark Freeport Zone, some 16 kilometres north of the provincial capital.\nThe province is home to two Philippine Air Force air bases, Basa Air Base in Floridabalanca, and Clark Air Base in Angeles City.
/m/0jdd	Afghanistan, officially the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan, is a landlocked country located in Central Asia, South Asia, and is a part of the Greater Middle East. It has a population of around 30 million inhabiting an area of approximately 652,000 km², making it the 42nd most populous and 41st largest nation in the world. It is bordered by Pakistan in the south and the east, Iran in the west, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, and Tajikistan in the north, and China in the far northeast.\nAfghanistan has been an ancient focal point of the Silk Road and human migration. Archaeologists have found evidence of human habitation from as far back as the Middle Paleolithic. Urban civilization may have begun in the area as early as 3,000 to 2,000 BC. Sitting at an important geostrategic location that connects the Middle East culture with Central Asia and the Indian subcontinent, the land has been home to various peoples through the ages and witnessed many military campaigns, notably by Alexander the Great, Arab Muslims, Genghis Khan, and in modern-era Western forces. The land also served as a source from which the Kushans, Hephthalites, Samanids, Ghaznavids, Ghorids, Mughals, Durranis and others have risen to form major empires.
/m/01ppfv	Cool is a style of modern jazz music that arose following the Second World War. It is characterized by its relaxed tempos and lighter tone, in contrast to the bebop style that preceded it. Cool jazz often employs formal arrangements and incorporates elements of classical music.
/m/016wvy	John Davies Cale, OBE is a Welsh musician, composer, singer-songwriter and record producer who was a founding member of the experimental rock band the Velvet Underground.\nThough best known for his work in rock music, Cale has worked in various genres including drone and classical. Since departing from the Velvet Underground in 1968 he has released approximately 30 albums. Of his solo work, Cale is perhaps best known for his album Paris 1919, and his cover version of Leonard Cohen's \"Hallelujah\", plus his mid-1970s Island Records trilogy of albums: Fear, Slow Dazzle, and Helen of Troy.\nCale has produced or collaborated with Lou Reed, Nico, La Monte Young, John Cage, Terry Riley, Hector Zazou, Cranes, Nick Drake, Mike Heron, Kevin Ayers, Brian Eno, Patti Smith, The Stooges, Lio, The Modern Lovers, Art Bergmann, Manic Street Preachers and frontman James Dean Bradfield, Marc Almond, Element of Crime, Squeeze, Happy Mondays, LCD Soundsystem, The Replacements, and Siouxsie and the Banshees.\nCale was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as member of the Velvet Underground in 1996, and appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire in 2010.
/m/05tfn1	Beitar Jerusalem Football club is a Israeli professional football club from Jerusalem, a member of the Israeli Premier League.\nThe club is based at the Teddy Stadium in the Malha neighborhood, and plays in black and yellow.
/m/01304j	Carlos Santana is a Mexican and American musician who first became famous in the late 1960s and early 1970s with his band, Santana, which pioneered a fusion of rock and Latin American music. The band's sound featured his melodic, blues-based guitar lines set against Latin and African rhythms featuring percussion instruments such as timbales and congas not generally heard in rock music. Santana continued to work in these forms over the following decades. He experienced a resurgence of popularity and critical acclaim in the late 1990s. In 2003 Rolling Stone magazine listed Santana at number 20 on their list of the 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time. He has won 10 Grammy Awards and three Latin Grammy Awards.
/m/0mbf4	The City of Kitchener is a city in Southern Ontario, Canada. Located approximately 100 km west of Toronto, Kitchener is the seat of the Regional Municipality of Waterloo. It was the Town of Berlin from 1854 until 1912 and the City of Berlin from 1912 until 1916. The city had a population of 219,153 in the 2011 Census. The metropolitan area, which includes the neighbouring cities of Waterloo and Cambridge, has 507,096 people, making it the tenth largest Census Metropolitan Area in Canada and the fourth largest CMA in Ontario. The city is adjacent to the smaller cities of Cambridge to the south, and Waterloo to the north. Kitchener and Waterloo are often referred to jointly as \"Kitchener-Waterloo\", although they have separate municipal governments. Including Cambridge, the three cities are known as \"the tri-cities\".\nThe City of Kitchener covers an area of 136.86 square kilometres.\nOn June 10, 2012, the city of Kitchener celebrated 100 years of cityhood. Activities took place throughout 2012 in honour of this milestone.
/m/0gg7gsl	The 36th annual Toronto International Film Festival, was held in Toronto, Ontario, Canada between September 8 and September 18, 2011. Buenos Aires, Argentina was selected to be showcased for the 2011 City to City programme. The opening film was From the Sky Down, a documentary film about the band U2, directed by Davis Guggenheim. Considerable media attention at the time focused on Madonna's behaviour during the festival.
/m/080knyg	Amber Patrice Riley is an American actress, singer-songwriter, and philanthropist, known for her role on the series Glee as Mercedes Jones and as the winner of season 17 of Dancing with the Stars.
/m/022411	Marcia Gay Harden is an American film and theatre actress.\nHarden's breakthrough role was in Miller's Crossing and then The First Wives Club which was followed by several roles which gained her wider fame including the comedy Flubber and Meet Joe Black. She received an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her role as Lee Krasner in Pollock. She has starred in a string of successful mainstream and independent movies, such as Space Cowboys, Into the Wild, and The Mist, for which she won the Saturn Award for Best Supporting Actress.\nHarden's recent credits include Lasse Hallström's film The Hoax, opposite Richard Gere, and Hollywood Pictures' The Invisible, directed by David S Goyer. She was also recently seen in Lakeshore Entertainment's The Dead Girl, directed by Karen Moncrieff and starring Toni Colette, Kerry Washington, Mary Steenburgen, and Brittany Murphy. In 2009, Harden received a Tony Award for the Broadway play God of Carnage. She has also twice been nominated for an Emmy Award.
/m/01y17m	The University of Illinois at Chicago, or UIC, is a state-funded public research university located in Chicago, Illinois, United States. Its campus is in the Near West Side community area, adjacent to the Chicago Loop. The second campus established under the University of Illinois system, UIC is also the largest university in the Chicago area, having approximately 28,000 students enrolled in 15 colleges.\nUIC operates the largest medical school in the United States, and serves as the principal educator for Illinois’ physicians, dentists, pharmacists, nurses and other healthcare professionals. UIC's medical school has research expenditures exceeding $412 million and consistently ranks in the top 50 U.S. institutions for research expenditures.\nIn the 2014, U.S. News & World Report's ranking of colleges and universities, UIC ranked as the 128th best national university. In the 2013, the Times Higher Education World University Rankings ranked UIC as the 11th best in the world among universities less than 50 years old.\nUIC competes in NCAA Division I Horizon League as the UIC Flames in sports. The UIC Pavilion is home to all UIC basketball games. It also serves as a venue for concerts.
/m/07db6x	Nunnally Hunter Johnson was an American filmmaker who wrote, produced, and directed motion pictures.
/m/04z288	The New York State Senate is one of two houses in the New York State Legislature and has members each elected to two-year terms. There are no limits on the number of terms one may serve. The New York Constitution provides for a varying number of members in the Senate; the current membership is 63, elected from single-member constituencies equal in population.
/m/0285c	David Eric \"Dave\" Grohl is an American rock musician, multi-instrumentalist, singer-songwriter, and film director, who is the lead vocalist, guitarist, main songwriter and founder of the band Foo Fighters. Prior to Foo Fighters, Grohl was the drummer for the grunge band Nirvana.\nHe is also the drummer and co-founder of the rock supergroup Them Crooked Vultures. Grohl has additionally written all the music and performed all the instruments for his short-lived side projects Late! and Probot, as well as being involved with Queens of the Stone Age numerous times throughout the past decade.\nHe has performed session work for a variety of musicians, including Garbage, Killing Joke, Nine Inch Nails, David Bowie, Paul McCartney, The Prodigy, Slash, Iggy Pop, Juliette Lewis, Tenacious D, RDGLDGRN, Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers, Lemmy, Stevie Nicks, Zac Brown Band and Ghost.
/m/0dqyw	Osaka is a city in the Kansai region of Japan's main island of Honshu, a designated city under the Local Autonomy Law, the capital city of Osaka Prefecture and also the largest part of the Keihanshin metropolis, which comprises three major cities of Japan: Kyoto, Osaka and Kobe. Located at the mouth of the Yodo River on Osaka Bay, Osaka is Japan's third largest city by population after Tokyo and Yokohama.\nKeihanshin is the second largest metropolitan area in Japan by population and one of the largest metropolitan areas highly ranked in the world, with nearly 19 million people, and by GDP the second largest area in Japan and the seventh largest area in the world. It's also a home to some of the most well known electronic companies such as Panasonic, Sharp, and Sanyo.\nHistorically the commercial center of Japan, Osaka functions as one of the command centers for the Japanese economy. The ratio between daytime and night time population is 1.41, the highest in Japan, highlighting its status as an economic center. Its nighttime population is 2.6 million, the third in the country, but in daytime the population surges to 3.7 million, second only after Tokyo. Osaka used to be referred to as the \"nation's kitchen\" in feudal Edo period because it was the centre of trading for rice, creating the first modern futures exchange market in the world.
/m/09q_6t	The 56th Golden Globe Awards, honoring the best in film and television for 1998, were held on January 24, 1999 at the Beverly Hilton Hotel in Beverly Hills, California.
/m/0h1tz	Histidine is an α-amino acid with an imidazole functional group. It is one of the 22 proteinogenic amino acids. Its codons are CAU and CAC. Histidine was first isolated by German physician Albrecht Kossel in 1896. Histidine is an essential amino acid in humans and other mammals. It was initially thought that it was only essential for infants, but longer-term studies established that it is also essential for adult humans.
/m/0f5hyg	Granada Club de Fútbol, or simply Granada CF, is a Spanish football club based in Granada, in the autonomous community of Andalusia. Founded on 14 April 1931, it currently plays in La Liga, holding home matches at Estadio Nuevo Los Cármenes.\nThe Granada C. F. is located at position 24 of the historical points classification of the First Division, where he has participated in 20 seasons and achieved 6th place twice. He has been runner-up of Copa del Rey. The club currently has about 14.0002 subscribers. The Mayor of Granada José Torres Hurtado promised to build a new stadium for 40,000 spectators if the team remains in the First Division. The economic crisis affecting the whole country made such construction impossible at the moment.\nGranada was the third Andalusian football team after Betis and Sevilla to compete in La Liga, in 1941–42.
/m/04hpck	Richard Treat Williams is a Screen Actors Guild Award–nominated American actor and children's book author who has appeared on film, stage and television. He first became well known for his starring role in the 1979 film Hair. From 2002 to 2006, he was the star of the television series Everwood. He is also known for starring in \"The Substitute\" franchise, beginning with the 2nd movie of the series The Substitute 2.
/m/09p2r9	The 62nd Golden Globe Awards, honoring the best in film and television for 2004, were held on January 16, 2005.\nSideways received the most nominations. The Aviator won the most awards, with 3. Finding Neverland had the most nominations without a single win.
/m/04pyp5	Hairdresser is a term referring to anyone whose occupation is to cut or style hair in order to change or maintain a person's image. This is achieved using a combination of hair coloring, haircutting, and hair texturing techniques. Most hairdressers are professionally licensed as either a hairdresser, a barber or a cosmetologist.
/m/012m_	Austria-Hungary was a constitutional monarchic union, formally known as the Kingdoms and Lands Represented in the Imperial Council and the Lands of the Holy Hungarian Crown of Saint Stephen, between the crowns of the Austrian Empire and the Kingdom of Hungary in Central Europe, which operated from 1867 to October 1918, shortly before the end of World War I. The union was a result of the Austro-Hungarian Compromise of 1867, under which the House of Habsburg agreed to share power with the separate Hungarian government, dividing the territory of the former Austrian Empire between them. The Austrian and the Hungarian lands became independent entities enjoying equal status.\nAustria-Hungary was a multinational realm and one of the world's great powers at the time. Austria-Hungary was geographically the second largest country in Europe after the Russian Empire, and the third most populous. The Empire built up the fourth largest machine building industry of the world, after the United States, Germany and Britain.
/m/020fcn	Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World is a 2003 epic historical drama film co-written and directed by Peter Weir, starring Russell Crowe as Jack Aubrey, with Paul Bettany as Stephen Maturin and released by 20th Century Fox, Miramax Films and Universal Studios. The film's plot and characters are adapted from three novels in author Patrick O'Brian's Aubrey–Maturin series, which has a total of 20 novels of Jack Aubrey's naval career.\nAt the 76th Academy Awards, the film was nominated for 10 Oscars, including Best Picture. It won in two categories, Best Cinematography and Best Sound Editing and lost in all other categories to The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King.
/m/01j6t0	Fatigue is a subjective feeling of tiredness which is distinct from weakness, and has a gradual onset. Unlike weakness, fatigue can be alleviated by periods of rest. Fatigue can have physical or mental causes. Physical fatigue is the transient inability of a muscle to maintain optimal physical performance, and is made more severe by intense physical exercise. Mental fatigue is a transient decrease in maximal cognitive performance resulting from prolonged periods of cognitive activity. It can manifest as somnolence, lethargy, or directed attention fatigue.\nMedically, fatigue is a non-specific symptom, which means that it has many possible causes. Fatigue is considered a symptom, rather than a sign because it is a subjective feeling reported by the patient, rather than an objective one that can be observed by others. Fatigue and ‘feelings of fatigue’ are often confused.
/m/02kc5rj	Palmitic acid, or hexadecanoic acid in IUPAC nomenclature, is the most common fatty acid found in animals, plants and microorganisms. Its molecular formula is CH3(CH2)14CO2H. As its name indicates, it is a major component of the oil from palm trees, but can also be found in meats, cheeses, butter, and dairy products. Palmitate is a term for the salts and esters of palmitic acid. The palmitate anion is the observed form of palmitic acid at basic pH.\nAluminium salts of palmitic acid and naphthenic acid were combined during World War II to produce napalm. The word \"napalm\" is derived from the words naphthenic acid and palmitic acid.
/m/05dkbr	Meidericher Spielverein 02 e. V. Duisburg, commonly known as simply MSV Duisburg, is a German association football club based in Duisburg, North Rhine-Westphalia. Nicknamed \"the Zebras\" for their traditional striped jerseys, the club was one of the original members of the Bundesliga when it was formed in 1963.
/m/02yxh9	The 69th Academy Awards were held on March 24, 1997, at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles, California to honor the best films of 1996. The ceremony, which was telecast by ABC, was produced by Gil Cates and directed by Louis J. Horvitz. The ceremony was dominated by movies produced by independent studios, financed outside of mainstream Hollywood, leading to 1996 being dubbed \"The Year of the Independents\". All but one of the nominees for Best Picture were low-budget independent movies. The big winner at the ceremony was Anthony Minghella's The English Patient, which had received 12 nominations and won 9 awards including Best Picture.\nOther notable movies to be honoured at the ceremony included Fargo, which had been nominated for 7 awards and won 2, Shine, which had been nominated for 7 awards and won only one, and Jerry Maguire and Evita, which each both had been nominated for 5 awards and each won only one.
/m/05zh9c	Leonard J. Goldberg is an American film producer and television producer. He has his own production company, Mandy Films. He served as head of programming for ABC, and was president of 20th Century Fox. Goldberg is currently executive producer of the CBS series Blue Bloods, starring Tom Selleck, Donnie Wahlberg, and Bridget Moynahan.\nAs a television producer he is known for producing several highly acclaimed television films, including the Peabody Award-winning Brian's Song and The Boy in the Plastic Bubble; the latter helping to launch John Travolta's movie career. He also produced a string of hit television series while in partnership with Aaron Spelling; the best-known being Charlie's Angels, Hart to Hart, Starsky and Hutch, and Family. He produced the Oscar-nominated movie WarGames as well as the comedy The Bad News Bears in Breaking Training.\nHe also produced the Emmy-winning television film Something About Amelia, which aired on ABC in 1984. It was one of the highest-rated television films, watched by around 60–70 million people.\nGoldberg served as president of Twentieth Century Fox, where under his aegis the studio produced such critically acclaimed hit films as Broadcast News, Big, Die Hard, Wall Street, and Working Girl. Under his own banner, Leonard Goldberg produced the successful motion picture features WarGames, Sleeping with the Enemy, Double Jeopardy, and Charlie's Angels. Most recently, he produced Unknown, starring Liam Neeson, Diane Kruger, January Jones, and Frank Langella, released in theaters in February 2011.
/m/01k_mc	Luther Ronzoni Vandross was an American singer-songwriter and record producer. Throughout his career, Vandross was an in demand background vocalist for several different artists including Chaka Khan, Bette Midler, Diana Ross, Barbra Streisand, and Donna Summer. He later became the lead singer of the group Change which released its certified gold debut album, The Glow of Love, in 1980 on Warner Bros. Records. After Vandross left the group, he was signed to Epic Records as a solo artist and released his debut solo album, Never Too Much in 1981.\nHis hit songs include, \"Never Too Much\", \"Here and Now\", \"Any Love\", \"Power of Love/Love Power\", \"I Can Make It Better\" and \"For You to Love\". Many of his songs were covers of original music by other artists such as \"If This World Were Mine\", \"Since I Lost My Baby\", \"Superstar\" and \"Always and Forever\". Duets such as \"The Closer I Get to You\" with Beyoncé, \"Endless Love\" with Mariah Carey and \"The Best Things in Life Are Free\" with Janet Jackson were all hits in his career.\nDuring his career, Vandross sold over 25 million records worldwide and received eight Grammy Awards including Best Male R&B Vocal Performance four different times. He won four Grammy Awards in 2004 including the Grammy Award for Song of the Year for a song recorded not long before his death, \"Dance with My Father\". The song was co-written with Vandross' friend and protégé, Richard Marx.
/m/095z4q	The Longest Yard is a 2005 American sports comedy film, a remake of the 1974 film of the same name. Adam Sandler plays the protagonist, Paul Crewe, a disgraced former professional quarterback for the Pittsburgh Steelers of the NFL, who is forced to form a team from the prison inmates to play football against their guards.\nBurt Reynolds, who played Sandler's role in the original, co-stars as Nate Scarborough, the inmates' coach and a former Heisman Trophy winner for Oklahoma in 1955. Chris Rock plays Crewe's friend, known as Caretaker. The cast includes James Cromwell, Nelly, William Fichtner and several former and current professional athletes such as Terry Crews, Michael Irvin, Brian Bosworth, Bill Romanowski, Bill Goldberg, Bob Sapp, Kevin Nash, \"Stone Cold\" Steve Austin, and Dalip \"The Great Khali\" Singh Rana.\nThe film was released in North America by Paramount Pictures and worldwide by Columbia Pictures.
/m/06znpjr	Gulliver's Travels is a 2010 American fantasy comedy film directed by Rob Letterman and very loosely based on Part One of the 18th-century novel of the same name by Jonathan Swift, though the film takes place in modern day. The film stars Jack Black and is distributed by Twentieth Century Fox.
/m/01jsn5	The University of Connecticut is a public research university in the US State of Connecticut. Known as a Public Ivy, UConn was founded in 1881 and is a Land Grant and Sea Grant college & member of the Space Grant Consortium. The university serves more than 30,000 students on its six campuses, including more than 8,000 graduate students in multiple programs.\nUConn's main campus is located in Storrs, Connecticut. The university's president is Susan Herbst.\nUConn is one of the founding institutions of the Hartford, Connecticut/Springfield, Massachusetts regional economic and cultural partnership alliance known as New England's Knowledge Corridor. UConn is a member of Universitas 21, a global network of 24 research-intensive universities, who work together to foster global citizenship and institutional innovation through research-inspired teaching and learning, student mobility, connecting students and staff, and promote advocacy for internationalisation. UConn is accredited by the New England Association of Schools and Colleges.\nCompeting in the American Athletic Conference as the Huskies, UConn has been particularly successful in their Men's and Women's Basketball programs. The Huskies have won a total of 16 NCAA championships.
/m/026z9	Disco is a genre of music that peaked in popularity in the late 1970s, though it has since enjoyed brief resurgences including the present day. The term is derived from discothèque. Its initial audiences were club-goers from the African American, gay, Italian American, Latino, and psychedelic communities in New York City and Philadelphia during the late 1960s and early 1970s. Disco also was a reaction against both the domination of rock music and the stigmatization of dance music by the counterculture during this period. Women embraced disco as well, and the music eventually expanded to several other popular groups of the time.\nIn what is considered a forerunner to disco-style clubs, New York City DJ David Mancuso opened The Loft, a members-only private dance club set in his own home, in February 1970. Allmusic claims some have argued that Isaac Hayes and Barry White were playing what would be called disco music as early as 1971. According to the music guide, there is disagreement as to what the first disco song was. Claims have been made for Manu Dibango's \"Soul Makossa\", Jerry Butler's \"One Night Affair\", the O'Jays' \"Love Train\", the Hues Corporation's \"Rock the Boat\", and George McCrae's \"Rock Your Baby\". The first article about disco was written in September 1973 by Vince Aletti for Rolling Stone magazine. In 1974 New York City's WPIX-FM premiered the first disco radio show.
/m/0gls4q_	Jeff Schaffer is an American film and television director, writer, and producer.
/m/059xvg	Garry Chalk is an English-born Canadian actor and voice actor, tri-national US-Canadian-UK citizen and voice artist. He has provided the voices for Optimus Primal of Beast Wars: Transformers and Beast Machines, as well the Optimus Prime in the anime English dubs of Transformers: Robots in Diguise, Transformers: Armada, Transformers Energon, and Transformers: Cybertron, and also was the third American voice of Dr. Robotnik for Sonic Underground. He has lend his voice in over 30 animated television series and has been in films such as The Fly II and Freddy vs. Jason.
/m/09bv45	CITV is a British television channel from ITV Digital Channels Ltd, a division of ITV plc. It broadcasts content from the CITV archive and acquisitions. It airs daily from 06:00 to 18:00. CITV itself is a programming block on ITV.\n\"Children's ITV\" launched on 3 January 1983, which introduced in-vision continuity links in between programmes. They were originally pre-recorded, up until 1987 when Central won the contract to produce live in-vision continuity links from their studios in Birmingham. In 2004, presentation of CITV was relocated to Granada Television in Manchester, which saw the demise of in-vision continuity. In 2013, due to the closure of Granada Studios, CITV along with the whole ITV Granada department moved to MediaCityUK in Salford.\nCITV currently has a slot that airs on weekend mornings on the ITV network from 06:00 to 09:25, as part of the ITV Breakfast timeslot, occupied by Daybreak and Lorraine on weekdays.
/m/04bdlg	Mako Iwamatsu was a Japanese-born American actor and voice artist who has been nominated for numerous awards. Many of his acting roles credited him simply as Mako where he omits his surname. He is known for his acting role as Po-Han in The Sand Pebbles, Akiro the Wizard in both Conan the Barbarian and Conan the Destroyer and his voice roles as Iroh from Avatar: The Last Airbender, Aku from Samurai Jack, and Splinter from TMNT.\nHe has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 7095 Hollywood Blvd.
/m/03gyl	Haiti, officially the Republic of Haiti, is a Caribbean country. It occupies the western, smaller portion of the island of Hispaniola, in the Greater Antillean archipelago, which it shares with the Dominican Republic. Ayiti was the indigenous Taíno name for the island. In French, the country is called \"La Perle des Antilles\", because of its natural beauty. The country's highest point is Pic la Selle, at 2,680 metres. Both by area and population, Haiti is the third largest Caribbean nation, with 27,750 square kilometres and an estimated 9 million people, with just under a million of which live in the capital city, Port-au-Prince. French and Haitian Creole are the official languages.\nHaiti's regional, historical, and ethno-linguistic position is unique for several reasons. When it gained independence in 1804, it was the first independent nation of Latin America and the Caribbean, the only nation in the world established as a result of a successful slave revolt, and the second republic in the Americas. Its successful revolution by slaves and free people of color lasted nearly a decade; all the first leaders of government were former slaves. Haiti is the only predominantly Francophone independent nation in the Americas. It is one of only two independent nations in the Americas to designate French as an official language; the other French-speaking areas are all overseas départements, or collectivités, of France.
/m/018gqj	Burt Freeman Bacharach is an American singer–songwriter, composer, record producer and pianist. A six-time Grammy Award winner and three-time Academy Award winner, he is known for his popular hit songs and compositions from the late 1950s through the 1980s, many with lyrics written by Hal David as part of the duo Bacharach and David.\nMost of their hits were written specifically for and performed by Dionne Warwick, but early on they worked with Gene Pitney and Gene McDaniels. Following the initial success of these collaborations, Bacharach went on to write hits for The Carpenters, Dusty Springfield, Bobbie Gentry, Jackie DeShannon, Tom Jones, Herb Alpert, B.J. Thomas and others.\nAs of 2012, Bacharach had written 73 Top 40 hits in the U.S. and 52 Top 40 hits in the UK.
/m/04mvk7	Chiapas Fútbol Club formerly known as Club de Fútbol Jaguares de Chiapas is a football club based in Tuxtla Gutiérrez, Mexico currently playing in the Liga MX. The team plays their home matches at the Estadio Víctor Manuel Reyna. They are also known as Chiapas Jaguar.
/m/01m65sp	Sean Taro Ono Lennon is an American musician and composer. He is the only child of John Lennon and Yoko Ono, making him the half-brother of Julian Lennon and Kyoko Chan Cox. His godfather is Elton John.
/m/0jcjq	Tooele County is a county located in the U.S. state of Utah. As of the 2010 census, the population was 58,218. Its county seat and largest city is Tooele.\nTooele County is part of the Salt Lake City Metropolitan Statistical Area as well as the Salt Lake City–Ogden–Clearfield Combined Statistical Area. A 2008 CNNMoney.com article identified Tooele as the U.S. county experiencing the greatest job growth since 2000.
/m/0d7hg4	Edward \"Eddy\" Lawrence Kitsis is an American film and television writer and producer, best known for his work on the popular ABC drama series Lost and Once Upon a Time.
/m/062dn7	Robert Douglas Thomas Pattinson is an English actor, model, musician and producer. Pattinson started his career by playing Cedric Diggory in Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire. He later landed the leading role of Edward Cullen in the film adaptations of the Twilight novels by Stephenie Meyer, and came to worldwide fame, thus establishing himself among the highest paid and most bankable actors in Hollywood. In 2010, Pattinson was named one of TIME magazine's 100 Most Influential People in The World, and also in the same year Forbes ranked him as one of the most powerful celebrities in the world in the Forbes Celebrity 100.\nHe had portrayed Salvador Dalí in Little Ashes. Same year a documentary film Robsessed about his fame and popularity was released. He appeared as a troubled young man in Remember Me and also starred in romantic drama Water for Elephants. His performance as a tough, cold hearted and calculating billionaire in David Cronenberg's Cosmopolis, earned him favorable reviews from critics. He will appear in David Michod's futuristic western The Rover, in David Cronenberg's satire drama Maps to the Stars, in Werner Herzog's biopic film Queen of the Desert, in Anton Corbijn's Life and in James Gray's The Lost City of Z.
/m/0hqzm6r	Olympiacos F.C., also known simply as Olympiacos, Olympiacos Piraeus or with its full name Olympiacos C.F.P., Olympiacos Club of Fans of Piraeus, is a Greek professional football club, part of the major multi-sport club Olympiacos CFP, based in Piraeus.\nOlympiacos is the most successful club in Greek football history, having won 40 Greek League titles, 26 Greek Cups, 16 Doubles and 4 Greek Super Cups, for a total of 70 national titles – all records. Olympiacos' dominating success is further signified by the fact that all the other Greek clubs have won a combined total of 37 League titles. They also hold the record for the most consecutive Greek League titles, as they are the only side to have won 7 consecutive championships, having broken their own previous record of 6. It is one of three clubs to have never been relegated from the top flight of Greek football; in European competitions, they have reached the quarter-finals twice, in the 1998–99 UEFA Champions League and the 1992–93 European Cup Winners' Cup. Olympiacos is also one of the founding members of the European Club Association.
/m/0c_jc	General of the Army Douglas MacArthur was an American general and field marshal of the Philippine Army who was Chief of Staff of the United States Army during the 1930s and played a prominent role in the Pacific theater during World War II. He received the Medal of Honor for his service in the Philippines Campaign, which made him and his father Arthur MacArthur, Jr., the first father and son to be awarded the medal. He was one of only five men ever to rise to the rank of General of the Army in the U.S. Army, and the only man ever to become a field marshal in the Philippine Army.\nRaised in a military family in the American Old West, MacArthur was valedictorian at the West Texas Military Academy, and First Captain at the United States Military Academy at West Point, where he graduated top of the class of 1903. During the 1914 United States occupation of Veracruz, he conducted a reconnaissance mission, for which he was nominated for the Medal of Honor. In 1917, he was promoted from major to colonel and became chief of staff of the 42nd Division. In the fighting on the Western Front during World War I, he rose to the rank of brigadier general, was again nominated for a Medal of Honor, and was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross twice and the Silver Star seven times.
/m/0h778	Wilkes-Barre is a city in the State of Pennsylvania, the county seat of Luzerne County. It is at the center of the Wyoming Valley area with a population of 41,498, making it the 13th largest city in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. It is one of the principal cities in the Scranton/Wilkes-Barre metropolitan area, which had a population of 563,631 as of the 2010 Census making it the fourth largest metro/statistical area in the state of Pennsylvania. According to the city's Facebook page, Wilkes-Barre houses the 4th largest downtown workforce in the state of Pennsylvania. Wilkes-Barre was founded in 1769 and formally incorporated in 1806.\nWilkes-Barre and the surrounding Wyoming Valley are framed by the Pocono Mountains to the east, the Endless Mountains to the west and the Lehigh Valley to the south. The Susquehanna River flows through the center of the valley and defines the northwestern border of the city.
/m/0t_71	Somerville is a city in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States, located two miles northwest of Boston. As of 2010, the United States Census has the city with a total population of 75,754 people, and is the most densely populated municipality in New England. As of 2000, it was the 15th most densely populated city in the country. It was established as a town in 1842, when it was separated from Charlestown. In 2006, the town was named the best run city in Massachusetts by the Boston Globe. In 1972 and again in 2009, the city received the All-America City Award.
/m/04r7f2	The Pakistan national football team represents Pakistan in association football and is controlled by Pakistan Football Federation, the governing body for football in Pakistan and is a member of the Asian Football Confederation. The team has not yet qualified for either the FIFA World Cup or Asian Cup championships. Twice they have finished third in the South Asian Football Federation Cup. They also were Merdeka Cup runners up in 1962 and twice finished second in the Quaid-i-Azam Tournament. However, in the first decade of the 21st century the Pakistani government and the PFF have invested more into football. A new football league was launched, and investment from FIFA’s Goal Project to improve the infrastructure within Pakistan have helped. One of the venues of the national football team is 48,800 capacity Jinnah Sports Stadium.
/m/070m6c	The One Hundred Eleventh United States Congress was the meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government from January 3, 2009, until January 3, 2011. It began during the last two weeks of the George W. Bush administration, with the remainder spanning the first two years of Barack Obama's presidency. It was composed of the Senate and the House of Representatives. The apportionment of seats in the House was based on the 2000 U.S. Census. In the November 4, 2008 elections, the Democratic Party increased its majorities in both chambers, giving President Obama a Democratic majority in the legislature for the first two years of his presidency. A new delegate seat was created for the Northern Mariana Islands. This Congress has been considered one of the most \"productive\" Congresses in history in terms of legislation being passed since Lyndon Johnson's era of the \"Great Society\".
/m/0jm2v	The Miami Heat are a professional basketball team based in Miami, Florida, United States. The team is a member of the Southeast Division in the Eastern Conference of the National Basketball Association. They play their home games at the American Airlines Arena in Downtown Miami. The team owner is Micky Arison, who also owns cruise-ship giant Carnival Corporation. The team president and de facto general manager is Pat Riley, and the head coach is Erik Spoelstra. The mascot of the team is Burnie, an anthropomorphic fireball.\nFormed in 1988 as one of the NBA's four expansion franchises, the Heat have won three league championships, four conference titles and 10 division titles. From February 3 to March 27, 2013, the Heat won 27 games in a row, the second-longest streak in NBA history. The Heat's three NBA championships are tied for the fifth most in NBA history, behind only the Boston Celtics, Los Angeles Lakers, Chicago Bulls, and the San Antonio Spurs. Other teams that have won three NBA Championships include the Detroit Pistons and the Philadelphia 76ers.\nIn 2013, Forbes valued the Heat at $625 million, sixth-most-valuable among NBA franchises.
/m/06v8s0	Wendee Lee is an American voice actress. While she has done voice work for many video games as well as several episodes in the Power Rangers franchise, she is particularly prolific in the dubbing of anime. As of April 2009, with 223 credits to her name, she has more credits in this medium than any other English voice-over actor. According to her interview on the Magic Knight Rayearth DVDs, she started doing voices at school, and got in trouble for it.\nLee is also experienced in ADR directing. Currently, both she and Kirk Thornton are directing the ADR process for Bleach. Her noted roles include Faye Valentine on Cowboy Bebop, Takeru \"T.K.\" Takaishi on Digimon Adventure, Haruhi Suzumiya on The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya and Konata Izumi on Lucky ☆ Star.
/m/013hvr	High Point is a city located in the Piedmont Triad region of the state of North Carolina. As of 2010 the city had a total population of 104,371, according to the US Census Bureau. High Point is currently the ninth-largest municipality in North Carolina.\nHigh Point is known for its furniture, textiles, and bus manufacturing. The city is sometimes referred to as the \"Furniture Capital of the World\"; its official slogan is \"North Carolina's International City\" due to the semi-annual High Point Market that attracts 100,000 exhibitors and buyers from around the world. The phone area code is 336.\nIt is home to three universities: High Point University, a private Methodist-affiliated institution founded in 1924, and South University as well as Laurel University, a private interdenominational Christian university.\nMost of the city is located in Guilford County, with portions spilling into neighboring Randolph, Davidson, and Forsyth counties. High Point is North Carolina's only city that extends into four counties.
/m/0807ml	Giancarlo Giuseppe Alessandro Esposito is an American actor, director, and producer. He is best known for his portrayal of Gustavo \"Gus\" Fring on the AMC series Breaking Bad, for which he won the Best Supporting Actor in a Drama award at the 2012 Critics' Choice Television Awards and was nominated for an Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series award at the 2012 Primetime Emmy Awards. He is also well known for his roles in films such as Do the Right Thing, The Usual Suspects, and King of New York. He has portrayed Sidney Glass on ABC's Once Upon a Time and currently portrays Major Tom Neville in the NBC series Revolution.
/m/029n80	SC Cambuur, formed on 19 June 1964, is a Dutch football club from Leeuwarden, currently playing in the Dutch Eredivisie. The home ground of the club is the Cambuur Stadion, which has 10,500 seats. The clubs usually plays in yellow shirts and blue shorts. The origin of the club's emblem is the coat of arms of the House of Cammingha, which was a Frisian noble family. SC Cambuur played four seasons in the Eredivisie. In 2000 the club relegated to the Eerste Divisie and has never succeeded to promote to the Eredivisie. In the eighties and nineties the club was a regular contender in the Eerste Divisie playoffs. Cambuur won the Eerste Divisie title in 1992, but relegated in two seasons. In 1998 the club promoted back to the Eredivisie. At that time Leeuwarder millionaire Jan Riedstra was involved. He left the club in 1999, which almost caused a bankruptcy in 2005. Riedstra saved the club again together with some of his friends, Wim Sleijfer, Dirk Hoekstra and Klaas Buwalda, by buying the stadium and by almost clearing the club's whole debt. Under the leadership of Dutch-American CEO Alex Pama the club's results improved on and off the pitch. Riedstra died in May 2009, having said that the club was in good hands with Pama. Pama resigned in February 2011 due to family reasons and was replaced by Gerald van den Belt, previously chief executive of FC Zwolle and since 2009 chief financial officer of Cambuur.
/m/07twz	Uruguay, officially the Oriental Republic of Uruguay or the Eastern Republic of Uruguay or the Republic East of the Uruguay, is a country in the southeastern region of South America. It is bordered by Argentina to its west and Brazil to its north and east, with the Atlantic Ocean to the south and southeast. Uruguay is home to 3.3 million people, of whom 1.8 million live in the metropolitan area of its capital and largest city, Montevideo. With an area of approximately 176,000 square kilometres, Uruguay is geographically the second-smallest nation in South America after Suriname.\nUruguay remained largely uninhabited until the establishment of Colonia del Sacramento, one of the oldest European settlements in the country, by the Portuguese in 1680. Montevideo was founded as a military stronghold by the Spanish in the early 18th century, signifying the competing claims over the region. Uruguay won its independence between 1811 and 1828, following a four-way struggle between Spain, Portugal, Argentina and Brazil. It remained subjected to foreign influence and intervention throughout the 19th century, with the military playing a recurring role in domestic politics until the late 20th century. Modern Uruguay is a democratic constitutional republic, with a president who serves as both head of state and head of government. It frequently ranks as one of the most developed and prosperous countries in Latin America.
/m/040hg8	The Province of Brescia is a Province in Lombardy, Italy. It borders with the province of Sondrio in the N and NW, the province of Bergamo in the W, province of Cremona in the SW and S, the province of Mantova to the S, and to the east, the province of Verona and Trentino.\nSource for statistical data: Italian Institute of Statistics Istat, see this link.\nBrescia province encompass southern-western shores of lake Garda. Brescia is located in region of Lombardy which is in Northern Italy.\nImportant town in the province: Brescia, Darfo Boario Terme, Desenzano del Garda, Palazzolo sull'Oglio, Montichiari, Ghedi, Manerbio, Carpenedolo, Orzinuovi, Chiari, Rovato, Gussago, Salò, Iseo, Gardone Val Trompia, Rezzato and Lumezzane.
/m/01xd9	County Dublin is a county in Ireland. It is part of the Dublin Region and is in the province of Leinster. It is named after the city of Dublin, which is the capital of Ireland. County Dublin was one of the first parts of Ireland to be shired by King John of England following the Norman invasion of Ireland. The area of the county no longer has a single local authority; local government is now split between three authorities. The population of the county at large, which includes Dublin city, was 1,270,603 according to the census of 2011.
/m/064vjs	This article discusses competitive forms canoe and kayak racing, most of which are governed by the International Canoe Federation. Canoe and kayak events have been part of Olympic competition since 1936.
/m/04hk0w	Constantine is a 2005 American supernatural action-thriller film directed by Francis Lawrence as his feature film directorial debut, starring Keanu Reeves as John Constantine, with Rachel Weisz, Shia LaBeouf, Tilda Swinton, and Djimon Hounsou. With a screenplay by Kevin Brodbin and Frank Cappello, the film is based on Vertigo Comics' Hellblazer comic book, with plot elements taken from the \"Dangerous Habits\" story arc and the \"Original Sins\" trade paperback. The character of John Constantine was introduced by comic book writer/creator Alan Moore while writing the Swamp Thing, first appearing there in June 1985.\nIn 1988, the character of John Constantine was given his own comic book title, Hellblazer, published by DC Comics under its Vertigo Comics imprint. The “Dangerous Habits” story arc of Hellblazer was written by Garth Ennis in 1991, from which the film is partly based. The film, which was met by film critics with mixed reactions, portrays John Constantine as a cynic with the ability to perceive and communicate with half-angels and half-demons in their true form. He seeks salvation from eternal damnation in Hell for a suicide attempt in his youth. Constantine exorcises demons back to Hell in a bid to earn favor with Heaven but has become weary over time. With death looming, he helps a troubled police detective learn the truth about her sister's death while simultaneously unraveling a much larger and darker plot.
/m/03rtz1	North is a 1994 American adventure fantasy comedy-drama film directed by Rob Reiner and starring an ensemble cast including Elijah Wood, Jon Lovitz, Jason Alexander, Alan Arkin, Dan Aykroyd, Kathy Bates, Faith Ford, Graham Greene, Julia Louis-Dreyfus, Reba McEntire, John Ritter, Abe Vigoda, with Bruce Willis in several roles and Scarlett Johansson in her film debut.\nThe story is based on the novel North: The Tale of a 9-Year-Old Boy Who Becomes a Free Agent and Travels the World in Search of the Perfect Parents by Alan Zweibel, who wrote the screenplay and has a minor role in the film. Despite an all-star cast and director Reiner at the helm, North was both a critical and commercial failure, and was hated so thoroughly by critics Gene Siskel and Roger Ebert that both named it the worst film of 1994. It is often regarded as one of the worst films ever made. It was shot in Hawaii, Alaska, California, South Dakota, New Jersey, and New York.
/m/026lg0s	The North Carolina Tar Heels football team represents the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in the sport of American football. The Tar Heels compete in the Football Bowl Subdivision of the National Collegiate Athletic Association and the Coastal Division of the Atlantic Coast Conference. Being the oldest public university and oldest collegiate team in the Carolinas, the school is nicknamed \"Carolina\" in athletics. The program's title in football is \"Carolina Football\".\nIn Carolina's first 121 seasons of football competition, the Tar Heels have compiled a record of 646–488–54, a winning percentage of .566. North Carolina has played in 29 bowl games in its history and won three Southern Conference championships and five Atlantic Coast Conference titles. Thirty Tar Heel players have been honored as first-team All-Americas on 38 occasions. Carolina had 32 All-Southern Conference selections when it played in that league until 1952 and since joining the ACC in 1953, has had 174 first-team All-ACC choices. Since joining the Atlantic Coast Conference in 1953, the team has won five conference championships, with the most recent title coming in 1980.\nOne very important contribution to the game of football by Carolina is the modern use of the forward pass; they were the first college team to use the play in 1895. Bob Quincy notes in his 1973 book They Made the Bell Tower Chime: \"John Heisman, a noted historian, wrote 30 years later that, indeed, the Tar Heels had given birth to the forward pass against the Bulldogs. It was conceived to break a scoreless deadlock and give UNC a 6–0 win. The Carolinians were in a punting situation and a Georgia rush seemed destined to block the ball. The punter, with an impromptu dash to his right, tossed the ball and it was caught by George Stephens, who ran 70 yards for a touchdown.”
/m/0mwzv	Berks County is a county located in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2010 census, the population was 411,442. The county seat is Reading. Berks County is part of the Reading, PA, metropolitan statistical area and as of 2005, is also considered part of the Philadelphia combined statistical area.
/m/026zt	The Danube is a river in Central Europe, the European Union's longest and the continent's second longest.\nClassified as an international waterway, it originates in the town of Donaueschingen--which is in the Black Forest of Germany--at the confluence of the rivers Brigach and Breg. The Danube then flows southeast for 2,872 km, passing through four Central European capitals before emptying into the Black Sea via the Danube Delta in Romania and Ukraine.\nOnce a long-standing frontier of the Roman Empire, the river passes through or touches the borders of ten countries: Romania, Hungary, Serbia, Austria, Germany, Bulgaria, Slovakia, Croatia, Ukraine, and Moldova. Its drainage basin extends into nine more.
/m/07z4fy	Cyril J. Mockridge was an English film and television composer who composed the scores for such films as Cheaper by the Dozen, Grand Canary, Danger - Love at Work, In the Meantime, Darling, Wake Up and Dream, Nightmare Alley, and Road House. Mockridge was nominated for an Academy Award for the 1955 film Guys and Dolls and also composed the music for television's Lost in Space.\nMockridge, who for years was a staff composer for Twentieth Century-Fox, frequently working with Alfred Newman and Alfred's brother Lionel, is buried at Forest Lawn Memorial Park in Glendale, California.
/m/060c4	A president is a leader of an organization, company, community, club, trade union, university, country, a division or part of any of these, or, more generally, anything else.\nEtymologically, a president is one who presides. Originally, the term referred to the presiding officer of a ceremony or meeting, but today it most commonly refers to an executive official. Among other things, \"President\" today is a common title for the heads of state of most republics, whether popularly elected, chosen by the legislature or by a special electoral college.
/m/0yc84	New Rochelle is a city in Westchester County, New York, United States, in the southeastern portion of the state.\nThe town was settled by refugee Huguenots in 1688 who were fleeing persecution in France . Many of the settlers were artisans and craftsmen from the city of La Rochelle, France, thus influencing the choice of the name of \"New Rochelle.\"\nIn 2007, the city had a population of 73,260, making it the seventh largest in the state of New York. As of the 2010 Census, the city's population had increased to 77,062. In 2008, New Rochelle was recognized by the American Podiatric Medical Association as one of the 100 Best Walking Cities in America, and the second best in New York State next only to nearby New York City. In November 2008 Business Week magazine listed New Rochelle as the best city in New York State, and one of the best places nationally, to raise children.
/m/02q6cv4	Michael Wayne \"Mike\" Barker is an American producer, best known for his work from 2005 to 2013 as co-creator and co-showrunner of the long-running and ongoing adult animated television series American Dad!. He co-created the animated series along with Matt Weitzman and Seth MacFarlane. Prior to that, he also worked with MacFarlane and Weitzman as a writer and producer on early seasons of Family Guy. Barker has always received credit with his writing partner, Weitzman.
/m/0gsrz4	East Africa Time, or EAT, is a time zone used in eastern Africa. The zone is three hours ahead of UTC, which is the same as Arabia Standard Time, and also the same as Eastern European Summer Time.\nAs this Time Zone is predominantly in the equatorial region, there is no significant change in day length throughout the year, so daylight saving time is not observed.\nEast Africa Time is used by the following countries:\n Comoros\n Djibouti\n Eritrea\n Ethiopia\n Kenya\n Madagascar\n Somalia\n South Sudan\n Sudan\n Tanzania\n Uganda
/m/0n5y4	Merrimack County is a county in the U.S. state of New Hampshire. As of the 2010 census, the population was 146,445. Its county seat is Concord, the state capital. The center of population of New Hampshire is located in Merrimack County, in the town of Pembroke.\nMerrimack County was organized at Concord in 1823, and is named for the Merrimack River. It was formed by removing towns from northern Hillsborough and Rockingham counties.
/m/012lzr	The University of New South Wales is an Australian public university. Established in 1949, it is ranked among the top 60 universities in the world according to the QS World University Rankings. It has more than 50,000 students from over 120 countries.\nThe main UNSW campus is located on a 38 hectare site at Kensington, seven kilometres from the centre of Sydney. Other campuses are the College of Fine Arts in Paddington, UNSW@ADFA, the University College at the Australian Defence Force Academy in Canberra, and sub-campuses at Randwick and Coogee in Sydney, as well as research stations around NSW.\nUNSW is a founding member of the Group of Eight, a coalition of Australian research-intensive universities, and of the international network Universitas 21.\nUNSW graduates hold more chief executive positions of ASX 200 listed companies than those of any other university in Australia.
/m/04sd0	Monty Python are a British surreal comedy group that created Monty Python's Flying Circus, a British television comedy sketch show that first aired on the BBC on 5 October 1969. Forty-five episodes were made over four series. The Python phenomenon developed from the television series into something larger in scope and impact, spawning touring stage shows, films, numerous albums, several books and a stage musical as well as launching the members to individual stardom. The group's influence on comedy has been compared to The Beatles' influence on music.\nThe television series, broadcast by the BBC from 1969 to 1974, was conceived, written and performed by members Graham Chapman, John Cleese, Terry Gilliam, Eric Idle, Terry Jones, and Michael Palin. Loosely structured as a sketch show, but with an innovative stream-of-consciousness approach, it pushed the boundaries of what was acceptable in style and content. A self-contained comedy team responsible for both writing and performing their work, the Pythons had creative control which allowed them to experiment with form and content, discarding rules of television comedy. Their influence on British comedy has been apparent for years, while in North America it has coloured the work of cult performers from the early editions of Saturday Night Live through to more recent absurdist trends in television comedy. \"Pythonesque\" has entered the English lexicon as a result.
/m/05c3mp2	A prison film is a film genre concerned with prison life and often prison escape. These films range from acclaimed dramas examining the nature of prisons, such as Cool Hand Luke, Brubaker, Escape from Alcatraz, The Shawshank Redemption, Kiss of the Spider Woman, and Murder One to actioners like Lock Up, Undisputed, and Forced to Fight, and even comedies satirizing the genre like Stir Crazy, Life, and Let's Go To Prison.\nThemes repeatedly visited in the action films include escape attempts, gang activities inside the prison, and an entire subgenre of films where the toughest prisoners are permitted to engage in boxing matches or martial arts bouts, replete with high-stakes wagering on the outcomes. These elements may be meshed together, where for example a prisoner forced to fight uses the occasion to plan an escape.
/m/022_q8	Mike Leigh, OBE is an English writer and director of film and theatre. He studied theatre at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art, and studied further at the Camberwell School of Art and the Central School of Art and Design. He began as a theatre director and playwright in the mid-1960s. In the 1970s and 1980s his career moved between work for the theatre and making films for BBC Television, many of which were characterized by a gritty \"kitchen sink realism\" style. His well-known films include Life is Sweet, the comedy-drama Career Girls, the Gilbert and Sullivan biopic Topsy-Turvy, and the bleak working-class drama All or Nothing. His most notable works are arguably Naked for which he won the Best Director Award at Cannes, the BAFTA-winning Palme d'Or winner Secrets & Lies and Golden Lion winner Vera Drake.\nHis films and stage plays, according to the critic Michael Coveney, \"comprise a distinctive, homogenous body of work which stands comparison with anyone's in the British theatre and cinema over the same period.\" Coveney further noted Leigh's role in helping to create stars – Liz Smith in Hard Labour, Alison Steadman in Abigail's Party, Brenda Blethyn in Grown-Ups, Antony Sher in Goose-Pimples, Gary Oldman and Tim Roth in Meantime, Jane Horrocks in Life is Sweet, David Thewlis in Naked – and remarked that the list of actors who have worked with him over the years – including Sheila Kelley, Paul Jesson, Phil Daniels, Lindsay Duncan, Lesley Sharp, Kathy Burke, Stephen Rea, Sam Kelly, Eric Richard, Julie Walters – \"comprises an impressive, almost representative, nucleus of outstanding British acting talent.\" Ian Buruma, writing in the New York Review of Books in January 1994, noted: \"It is hard to get on a London bus or listen to the people at the next table in a cafeteria without thinking of Mike Leigh. Like other wholly original artists, he has staked out his own territory. Leigh's London is as distinctive as Fellini's Rome or Ozu's Tokyo.\"
/m/049msk	Associazione Sportiva Bari is an Italian football club founded in 1908, they are based in Bari, Apulia and plays in Serie B. The club have spent many seasons bouncing between the top two divisions in Italian football, Serie A and Serie B.
/m/0m28g	Mohave County is located in the northwestern corner of the U.S. state of Arizona. As of the 2010 census, its population was 200,186. The county seat is Kingman. While the largest single city is Lake Havasu City, the area with highest population is the Bullhead City/Fort Mohave/Mohave Valley area.\nMohave County contains parts of Grand Canyon National Park and Lake Mead National Recreation Area and all of the Grand Canyon-Parashant National Monument. The Kaibab, Fort Mojave and Hualapai Indian Reservations also lie within the county.\nMohave County is the fifth-largest county in the United States by land area.
/m/01c4pv	Turkmenistan, formerly also known as Turkmenia, is one of the Turkic states in Central Asia. Turkmenistan is bordered by Afghanistan to the southeast, Iran to the south and southwest, Uzbekistan to the east and northeast, Kazakhstan to the northwest and the Caspian Sea to the west.\nPresent-day Turkmenistan covers territory that has been at the crossroads of civilizations for centuries. In medieval times Merv was one of the great cities of the Islamic world, and an important stop on the Silk Road, a large road used for trade with China until the mid-15th century. Annexed by the Russian Empire in 1881, Turkmenistan later figured prominently in the anti-Bolshevik movement in Central Asia. In 1924, Turkmenistan became a constituent republic of the Soviet Union, Turkmen Soviet Socialist Republic; it became independent upon the dissolution of the Soviet Union in 1991.\nTurkmenistan's GDP growth rate of 11% in 2012 comes on the back of several years of sustained high growth, albeit from a very basic undiversified economy powered by export of a single commodity. It possesses the world's fourth largest reserves of natural gas resources. Although it is wealthy in natural resources in certain areas, most of the country is covered by the Karakum Desert.
/m/02flqd	The Grammy Award for Best Rock Gospel Album was awarded from 1991 to 2011. From 1991 to 1993 the category was awarded as Best Rock/Contemporary Gospel Album. From 2007 to 2011 it was awarded as Best Rock or Rap Gospel Album.\nThe award was discontinued from 2012 in a major overhaul of Grammy categories. From 2012, recordings in this category were shifted to either Best Contemporary Christian Music Album or Best Gospel Album categories.
/m/07wgm	The Federalist Party was the first American political party, from the early 1790s to 1816, the era of the First Party System, with remnants lasting into the 1820s. The Federalists controlled the federal government until 1801. The party was formed by Alexander Hamilton, between 1789–1797 it was built mainly with the support of bankers and businessmen, to support his fiscal policies. These supporters grew into the Federalist Party committed to a fiscally sound and nationalistic government. The United States' only Federalist president was John Adams; although George Washington was broadly sympathetic to the Federalist program, he remained an independent during his entire presidency.\nThe Federalist policies called for a national bank, tariffs, and good relations with Britain as expressed in the Jay Treaty negotiated in 1794. Hamilton developed the concept of implied powers, and successfully argued the adoption of that interpretation of the United States Constitution. Their political opponents, the Democratic-Republicans, led by Thomas Jefferson and James Madison, denounced most of the Federalist policies, especially the bank and implied powers, and vehemently attacked the Jay Treaty as a sell-out of republican values to the British monarchy. The Jay Treaty passed, and indeed the Federalists won most of the major legislative battles in the 1790s. They held a strong base in the nation's cities and in New England. The Democratic-Republicans, with their base in the rural South, won the hard-fought election of 1800; the Federalists never returned to power. They recovered some strength by intense opposition to the War of 1812; they practically vanished during the Era of Good Feelings that followed the end of the war in 1815.
/m/0gj9qxr	Attack the Block is a 2011 British monster movie. Written and directed by Joe Cornish in his directorial debut, it comes from the same writing and production stable as other horror/comedies such as Shaun of the Dead, Hot Fuzz and Scott Pilgrim vs. The World. The film stars Jodie Whittaker, John Boyega, Nick Frost and Luke Treadaway.\nAttack the Block is set on a council estate in South London on Guy Fawkes Night, and, with some coming of age themes, the plot centres on a teenage street gang who have to defend themselves from predatory alien invaders. Released on 11 May 2011, the film achieved significant popularity, favorable critical reviews, and accolades internationally. The film has been listed as a cult film in the making by a significant number of websites.
/m/0gd92	Chasing Amy is a 1997 American romantic comedy film written and directed by Kevin Smith. The central tension revolves around sexuality, sexual history, and evolving friendships. It is the third film in Smith's View Askewniverse series.\nThe film contains explicit sexual dialogue and was originally inspired by a brief scene from an early movie by a friend of Smith's. In Guinevere Turner's Go Fish, one of the lesbian characters imagines her friends passing judgment on her for \"selling out\" by sleeping with a man. Kevin Smith was dating star Joey Lauren Adams at the time he was writing the script, which was also partly inspired by her.\nThe film won two awards at the 1998 Independent Spirit Awards.
/m/05y5kf	Hugh Richard Bonneville Williams, known professionally as Hugh Bonneville, is an English stage, film, television and radio actor. He is best known for starring in the ITV hit television series Downton Abbey and the BBC London Olympics mockumentary comedy series Twenty Twelve.\nBonneville also starred as Bernie in Notting Hill. From 2011, he has been the narrator of the Channel 4 show The Hotel, for all three series. In 2013, he made a brief appearance as the Duke of Milan for the opening episode of Da Vinci's Demons.
/m/0fqjks	John DeCuir was a Hollywood Art Director and Production Designer known for his elaborate set designs that were illustrated with his own watercolor paintings.\nHe studied at the Chouinard Art School, joined Universal in the late 1930s, and by the mid-1940s was designing sets. In 1949, he signed with 20th Century Fox where he worked on productions noted for their elaborate sets. At home with dramatic material and musicals, DeCuir earned eleven Oscar nominations, winning three: The King and I, Cleopatra, and Hello, Dolly!.\nHis son, John DeCuir, Jr. is also a production designer.
/m/09v8db5	The Hong Kong Film Award for Best Supporting Actor is an annual Hong Kong industry award presented to an actor for the best performance by an actor in a supporting role.
/m/02vl_pz	Giuseppe Colucci is an Italian footballer who plays for Serie B club Reggina.
/m/0bs09lb	The Omaha Nighthawks were a professional American football team based in Omaha, Nebraska, which played in the United Football League, joining the league as an expansion team in 2010. During their first season, the Nighthawks played their home games at Johnny Rosenblatt Stadium before moving to TD Ameritrade Park Omaha for 2011 and beyond. Zach Nelson, CEO of Internet software provider NetSuite, was announced as lead owner in August 2010.
/m/06pwf6	Nagarjuna Akkineni is an Indian film actor and producer who works primarily in the Telugu Cinema. He has acted in over ninety films as an actor in a lead, supporting and cameo roles, including Bollywood and Tamil films. He has won two National Film Awards, nine state Nandi Awards and three Filmfare Awards South. He received critical reception for his performance in Biographical films. He enacted the roles of 15th century composer Annamacharya in the 1997 film Annamayya, a 17th-century composer Kancherla Gopanna in the 2006 film Sri Ramadasu and Sai Baba of Shirdi in the 2012 film Shirdi Sai.\nAlong with his brother, Venkat Akkineni, Nagarjuna is the co-owner of the Production company, Annapurna Studios and is the president of the non-profit film school Annapurna International School of Film and Media based in Hyderabad. He is the co-founder of Blue Cross of Hyderabad, a registered society recognized by the Animal Welfare Board of India. He was listed #56 in Forbes India top 100 Celebrities for the year 2012. In 2013, he has represented Cinema of South India at the Delhi Film Festival's 100 Years of Indian Cinema's celebration, alongside Ramesh Sippy and Vishal Bharadwaj from Bollywood. As of 2013, He is the co-owner of Mumbai Masters of Indian Badminton League along with Sunil Gavaskar, and Mahi Racing Team India along with Mahendra Singh Dhoni.
/m/01bcp7	Bladder cancer is any of several types of malignancy arising from the epithelial lining of the urinary bladder. Rarely the bladder is involved by non-epithelial cancers, such as lymphoma or sarcoma, but these are not ordinarily included in the colloquial term \"bladder cancer.\" It is a disease in which abnormal cells multiply without control in the bladder. The bladder is a hollow, muscular organ that stores urine; it is located in the pelvis. The most common type of bladder cancer recapitulates the normal histology of the urothelium and is known as transitional cell carcinoma or more properly urothelial cell carcinoma. It is estimated that there are 383,000 cases of bladder cancer worldwide.
/m/0m93	Pūr Sinɑʼ, commonly known as Ibn Sīnā, or in Arabic writing Abū ʿAlī al-Ḥusayn ibn ʿAbd Allāh ibn Al-Hasan ibn Ali ibn Sīnā or by his Latinized name Avicenna, was a Persian polymath, who wrote almost 450 works on a wide range of subjects, of which around 240 have survived. In particular, 150 of his surviving works concentrate on philosophy and 40 of them concentrate on medicine.\nHis most famous works are The Book of Healing, a vast philosophical and scientific encyclopedia, and The Canon of Medicine, which was a standard medical text at many medieval universities. The Canon of Medicine was used as a text-book in the universities of Montpellier and Leuven as late as 1650. Ibn Sīnā's Canon of Medicine provides a complete system of medicine according to the principles of Galen.\nHis corpus also includes writing on philosophy, astronomy, alchemy, geology, psychology, Islamic theology, logic, mathematics, physics, as well as poetry. He is regarded as the most famous and influential polymath of the Islamic Golden Age.
/m/01y888	The University of Geneva is a public research university located in Geneva, Switzerland. It was founded in 1559 by John Calvin, as a theological seminary and law school. It remained focused on theology until the 17th century, when it became a center for Enlightenment scholarship. In 1873, it dropped its religious affiliations and became officially secular. Today, the university is the second-largest university in Switzerland by number of students. In 2009, the University of Geneva celebrated the 450th anniversary of its founding.\nUNIGE has programs in various fields but is particularly acknowledged for its academic and research programs in international relations, law, astrophysics, astronomy, genetics. The university holds and actively pursues teaching, research, and community service as its primary objectives. In 2011, it was ranked 73rd worldwide by the Academic Ranking of World Universities, and 69th in the QS World University Rankings.
/m/01z28q	Irvine is a new town on the coast of the Firth of Clyde in North Ayrshire, Scotland. According to 2007 population estimates, the town is home to 39,527 inhabitants, making it the biggest settlement in North Ayrshire.\nIrvine was the site of Scotland's 12th century Military Capital and former headquarters of the Lord High Constable of Scotland, Hugh de Morville. It also served as the Capital of Cunninghame and was, at the time of David I, Robert II and Robert III one of the earliest capitals of Scotland.\nThe town was once a haunt of Robert Burns, after whom two streets in the town are named: Burns Street and Burns Crescent. He is known to have worked in a flax mill on the Glasgow Vennel. Despite being classed as a new town, Irvine has had a long history stretching back many centuries and was classed as a Royal Burgh. There are also conflicting rumours that Mary, Queen of Scots stayed briefly at Seagate Castle. To this day there is still a yearly festival, called Marymass, held in the town.\nIrvine is the birthplace of the present Deputy First Minister of Scotland, Nicola Sturgeon and the former First Minister of Scotland, Jack McConnell. Its twin town is Saint-Amand-les-Eaux in northern France just outside Lille.
/m/053mhx	The London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art is a leader of worldwide drama schools situated in the west of London, United Kingdom. Having celebrated its 150th Anniversary in 2011, LAMDA is the oldest drama school in the United Kingdom, and is consistently regarded as a world-class performing arts institute renowned for its excellence in theatre education.\nThe London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art prepares actors, directors, designers, stage managers and technicians for careers in the industry. It also helps more than 83,000 candidates worldwide develop their communication and performance skills through LAMDA Examinations, the UK's leading statutory awarding body for speech and drama. LAMDA's president is Timothy West and its Principal is Joanna Read. In recent years, over 98% of LAMDA's stage management and technical theatre graduates have found work in their chosen field within weeks of graduation and the Academy's graduates work regularly at the Royal National Theatre, the Royal Shakespeare Company, Shakespeare's Globe, London's West End and Hollywood as well as on the BBC, HBO and Broadway.It is registered as a company under the name LAMDA Ltd and as a charity under its trading name London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art. There is an associate organisation in America under the name LAMDA in America, Inc., previously known as The American Friends of LAMDA.
/m/073x6y	Mary Elizabeth Winstead is an American actress and recording artist. Winstead is known for her scream queen roles in the horror films: Final Destination 3, Death Proof, The Thing, and Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter, but has also branched out to other genres, including as John McClane's daughter Lucy in Live Free or Die Hard and A Good Day to Die Hard, Ramona Flowers in the comic-to-film adaptation of Scott Pilgrim vs. the World and as an alcoholic who struggles through sobriety in the Sundance-selected film Smashed.\nHer singing career started in 2013, with her album collaboration with Dan the Automator.
/m/0fq9zcx	The British Independent Film Award for Best Supporting Actress is an annual award given to the Best Supporting Actress in a British film. The award was introduced in the 2008 ceremony. Previously, there had been a single award given for Best Supporting Actor/Actress.
/m/0425_d	Sangju Sangmu FC, is a professional football club that plays in the K League Classic. The club is based in Sangju, South Korea. Sangmu is the sports division of the Military of South Korea. Since 2013, Officially removed phoenix in the club name. The club's mascot is the Bulsajo, which translates to phoenix in English. The club's hometown was moved from Gwangju to Sangju, Gyeongsangbuk-do after Gwangju founded new professional club Gwangju FC In 2011.
/m/01wx756	Robert \"Waddy\" Wachtel is an American musician, composer and record producer, most notable for his guitar work. Wachtel's passion for music and ease of adaptation toward a variety of genres have placed him in a position as one of the most in-demand session musicians throughout his career, playing with high-profile rock musicians that include Linda Ronstadt, Stevie Nicks, Keith Richards, James Taylor, Iggy Pop, Warren Zevon, Bryan Ferry and Jackson Browne, amongst others, both in the studio, and on tour.
/m/01z28b	Watford is a town and borough in Hertfordshire, England, situated 17 miles northwest of central London and inside the circumference of the M25 motorway. Now a fine public park, Cassiobury Park, was once the manor estate of the Earls of Essex. Watford Football Club play in the Football League Championship which is the second-highest level of football in England.\nThe town developed from an Anglo-Saxon settlement between a ford of the River Colne and the crossroads of two ancient tracks. St Albans Abbey claimed rights to the manor of Cashio, which included Watford. The parish church of St Mary the Virgin was built in 1230 on the same site as an earlier Saxon church, along with stalls for a weekly market. The town grew modestly - assisted by travellers passing through to Berkhamsted Castle and the royal palace at Kings Langley, with the main developments being the 17th-century houses of Cassiobury and The Grove. Both the Grand Junction Canal in 1798, and the London and Birmingham Railway in 1837, allowed the town to grow faster, with paper-making mills, such as John Dickinson and Co. at Croxley, influencing the development of printing in the town which continues today. Two industrial scale brewers Benskins and Sedgwicks flourished in the town until their closure in the late 20th century. Today, Watford is a major regional centre for the northern home counties. Hertfordshire County Council designates Watford, along with Stevenage, to be its major sub-regional centre. The town contains the head offices of a number of national companies such as J D Wetherspoon; Camelot Group, operator of the National Lottery; construction firm Taylor Woodrow; and Mothercare; and is also the UK base of various multi-nationals including Total Oil, TK Maxx,Costco and the Seventh-Day Adventist Church. The international golf tournament, the 2006 World Golf Championship, took place at the Grove hotel.
/m/04rvy8	Ronald Elwin Neame CBE BSC was an English film cinematographer, producer, screenwriter and director. As cinematographer for the British war film One of Our Aircraft Is Missing, he received an Academy Award nomination for Best Special Effects. During a partnership with director David Lean, he produced Brief Encounter, Great Expectations, and Oliver Twist, receiving two Academy Award nominations for writing.\nNeame then moved into directing, and some notable films included, I Could Go On Singing, Judy Garland's last film, The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie, which won Maggie Smith her first Oscar, Scrooge, starring Alec Guinness, and the action-adventure disaster film The Poseidon Adventure.\nFor his contributions to the film industry, Neame was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire by Elizabeth II, and received the BAFTA Academy Fellowship Award, the highest award the British Film Academy can give a filmmaker.
/m/0bxs_d	The 54th Annual Primetime Emmy Awards were held Sunday, September 22, 2002. Nominations were announced July 22, 2002. The awards show was hosted by Conan O'Brien and was broadcast on NBC. Nominees and winners are listed below, winners are in bold. Two networks, FX, and VH1 received their first major nominations this year. The program America: A Tribute to Heroes was simulcast on every major network, and therefore, is not designated with one below.\nIt took Friends eight years to earn the Emmy for Outstanding Comedy Series, this marks the most recent time that the top rated show won either major series award. Everybody Loves Raymond led all comedies with three major wins.\nFor the third straight year, the drama field was dispatched by The West Wing. In addition to winning its third straight Outstanding Drama Series, The West Wing achieved a milestone on the night. It became the third show to gain nine acting nominations for main cast members. This tied the mark set by Hill Street Blues in 1982, and later matched by L.A. Law in 1989. The West Wing had 12 total acting nominations when including the guest category, however, while this category did exist for L.A. Law, it was not around during the Hill Street Blues era. The West Wing led all shows in major wins and nominations with four and 16 respectively.
/m/03chx58	Sunil Varma is an Indian actor, comedian, and voice actor from the Telugu film industry. His roles usually are to provide comic relief to the audience. He has won one Filmfare Award and 3 Nandi Awards. He appeared in the lead role for the first time in Andala Ramudu, but he got his breakthrough with Maryada Ramanna directed by S. S. Rajamouli. He won several awards for his comic abilities. He displayed his six pack in the movie Poola Rangadu directed by Veerabhadram. Sunil Celebrated his 40th birthday for a noble cause donating to a blind school and spending time with them.
/m/019803	June Foray is an American voice actress, best known as the voice of such animated characters as Lucifer from Cinderella, Rocky the Flying Squirrel, Cindy Lou Who, Jokey Smurf, Witch Hazel, Granny, Natasha Fatale, Nell Fenwick and Magica De Spell. Her career has encompassed radio, theatrical shorts, feature films, television, record albums, video games, talking toys and other media. Foray was also one of the founding members of ASIFA-Hollywood, the society devoted to promoting and encouraging animation. She has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame honoring her voice work in television.
/m/02flq1	The Grammy Award for Best Pop/Contemporary Gospel Album was awarded from 1991 to 2011. From 1991 to 1993 it was awarded as Best Pop Gospel Album. According to the category description guide for the 52nd Grammy Awards, the award is reserved for \"For albums containing at least 51% playing time of newly recorded pop/contemporary gospel vocal tracks.\"\nThe award will be discontinued from 2012 in a major overhaul of Grammy categories. From 2012, recordings in this category will be shifted to the newly formed Best Contemporary Christian Music Album category.\nYears reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were presented, for works released in the previous year.
/m/0127ps	Conspiracy Theory is a 1997 American action thriller film directed by Richard Donner.\nThe original screenplay by Brian Helgeland centers on an eccentric taxi driver who believes many world events are triggered by government conspiracies, and the U.S. Justice Department attorney who becomes involved in his life.\nThe movie was a financial success, but critical reviews were mixed.
/m/0pyww	Julia Scarlett Elizabeth Louis-Dreyfus is an American actress, comedian and producer, known for her television work on Seinfeld, The New Adventures of Old Christine, and her current series Veep.\nLouis-Dreyfus broke into comedy as a performer in The Practical Theatre Company in Chicago, which led her to casting in the famed sketch show Saturday Night Live from 1982 to 1985. Her breakthrough came in 1990 with a nine-season run playing the character of Elaine Benes on Seinfeld, one of the most critically and commercially successful sitcoms of all time. Other notable television roles include Christine Campbell in The New Adventures of Old Christine which had a five-season run on CBS, and her current role as Selina Meyer in Veep, recently renewed for a third season on HBO.\nFilm appearances have included Hannah and Her Sisters, National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation, Deconstructing Harry and Enough Said. She has also voiced roles in several animated films including A Bug's Life and Planes.\nLouis-Dreyfus has received six Golden Globe nominations, winning one, and 16 Emmy nominations, winning four. She has been credited as one of the most nominated actresses in the history of the Emmy Awards. She has also received six Screen Actors Guild Awards and five American Comedy Awards. Louis-Dreyfus received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 2010, and was inducted into the Television Academy Hall of Fame in 2014.
/m/0c3dzk	Tony Gaudio, A.S.C. was an Italian American cinematographer and the first to create a montage sequence for a film.\nBorn Gaetano Antonio Gaudio in Cosenza, Italy, he began his career shooting short subjects for Italian film companies. He moved to New York City in 1906 and worked in Vitagraph's film laboratory until 1909, when he began shooting shorts for the company. His credits include Hell's Angels, Little Caesar, The Story of Louis Pasteur, The Life of Emile Zola, God's Country and the Woman, The Adventures of Robin Hood, High Sierra, Days of Glory, and The Red Pony.\nGaudio was a favorite of Bette Davis and worked on eleven of her films, including Ex-Lady, Fog Over Frisco, Front Page Woman, Bordertown, The Sisters, Juarez, The Letter, and The Great Lie.\nGaudio won the Academy Award for Best Cinematography for Anthony Adverse and was nominated five additional times, for Hell's Angels, Juarez, The Letter, Corvette K-225, and A Song to Remember. He was among the founders of the American Society of Cinematographers. He is interred in the Hollywood Forever Cemetery in Hollywood, CA. His brother Eugene Gaudio, also a cinematographer, died in 1920 at the age of 34.
/m/08959	Zachary Taylor was the 12th President of the United States, serving from March 1849 until his death in July 1850. Prior to his presidency, Taylor was a career officer in the United States Army, rising to the rank of major general. His status as a national hero as a result of his victories in the Mexican-American War won him election to the White House despite his vague political beliefs. His top priority as president was preserving the Union, but he died sixteen months into his term, before making any progress on the status of slavery, which had been inflaming tensions in Congress.\nTaylor was born to a prominent family of planters who migrated westward from Virginia to Kentucky in his youth. He was commissioned as an officer in the U.S. Army in 1808 and made a name for himself as a captain in the War of 1812. He climbed the ranks establishing military forts along the Mississippi River and entered the Black Hawk War as a colonel in 1832. His success in the Second Seminole War attracted national attention and earned him the nickname \"Old Rough and Ready\".\nIn 1845, as the annexation of Texas was underway, President James K. Polk dispatched Taylor to the Rio Grande area in anticipation of a potential battle with Mexico over the disputed Texas-Mexico border. The Mexican–American War broke out in May 1846, and Taylor led American troops to victory in a series of battles culminating in the Battle of Palo Alto and the Battle of Monterrey. He became a national hero, and political clubs sprung up to draw him into the upcoming 1848 presidential election.
/m/09pjnd	Richard Edlund, A.S.C. is a multi-Academy Award-winning US special effects cinematographer.\nEdlund was born in Fargo, North Dakota. After first joining the Navy, he developed an interest in experimental film and attended the USC School of Cinematic Arts in the late 60s. On the strength of a couple of short films he was picked by John Dykstra to work as first cameraman at the embryonic Industrial Light & Magic on the production of the first of the Star Wars films for which he shared an Academy Award.\nEdlund continued to work with Dykstra on Battlestar Galactica but was invited back by George Lucas to work on The Empire Strikes Back. Edlund's considerable technical challenge on this film was to optically composite miniatures against a white back ground resulting in a second academy award. Edlund also did distinguished work for Lucas and ILM on Raiders of the Lost Ark and Poltergeist.\nFollowing the completion of the original Star Wars films with Return of the Jedi, Edlund set up his own effects company, Boss Films, whose credits include Big Trouble in Little China, Die Hard, Ghostbusters, The Hunt for Red October, Cliffhanger, Outbreak, Air Force One, and many more. Boss Film Studios was one of the first traditional effects houses that successfully transitioned from \"tangible world\" visual effects, to computer generated imagery. Many notable CGI artists began their careers at Boss.
/m/0gd9k	Kevin Patrick Smith is an American screenwriter, actor, film producer, and director, as well as a popular comic book writer, author, comedian/raconteur, and podcaster.\nHe came to prominence with the low-budget comedy Clerks, in which he appeared as the character Silent Bob. Smith's first several films were mostly set in his home state of New Jersey, and while not strictly sequential, they frequently feature crossover plot elements, character references, and a shared canon described by fans as the \"View Askewniverse\", named after his production company View Askew Productions, which he co-founded with Scott Mosier.\nSmith also directed and produced films such as the buddy cop action comedy Cop Out, as well as the horror film Red State.\nSmith is also the owner of Jay and Silent Bob's Secret Stash, a comic book store in Red Bank, New Jersey. He co-hosts several weekly podcasts that are released on SModcast Internet Radio. Smith is well known for participating in long, humorous Q&A sessions that are often filmed for DVD release, beginning with An Evening with Kevin Smith.
/m/01jn5	A barrister is a member of one of the two classes of lawyer found in many common law jurisdictions with split legal professions. Barristers specialize in courtroom advocacy, drafting legal pleadings, and giving expert legal opinions. They can be contrasted with solicitors – the other class of lawyer in split professions – who have more direct access to clients, and may do transactional-type legal work. Barristers are rarely hired by clients directly but instead are retained by solicitors to act on behalf of clients. In some legal systems, including those of Scotland, Belgium, South Africa, India, Scandinavian jurisdictions, Israel, Brazil and the British Crown dependencies of Jersey, Guernsey and the Isle of Man, a professional with similar responsibilities is called an advocate.\nThe historical difference between the two professions – and the only essential difference in England and Wales today – is that solicitors are attorneys, which means that they can act in the place of their client for legal purposes and may conduct litigation on their behalf by making applications to the court, writing letters in litigation to the client's opponent, and so on. A barrister is not an attorney and is usually forbidden, either by law or professional rules or both, from \"conducting\" litigation. This means that, while the barrister speaks on the client's behalf in court, he or she can do so only when instructed by a solicitor or certain other qualified professional clients, such as patent agents.
/m/0q96	The Australian Labor Party is an Australian political party. The party has been in opposition at federal level since the 2013 election. Bill Shorten has been the party's federal parliamentary leader since 13 October 2013. The party is a federal party with branches in each state and territory. The ALP forms government in South Australia, Tasmania and the Australian Capital Territory. The party competes against the Liberal/National Coalition for political office at the federal and state levels.\nLabor's constitution states: \"The Australian Labor Party is a democratic socialist party and has the objective of the democratic socialisation of industry, production, distribution and exchange, to the extent necessary to eliminate exploitation and other anti-social features in these fields.\" This \"socialist objective\" was introduced in 1921, but has since been qualified by two further objectives: \"maintenance of and support for a competitive non-monopolistic private sector\" and \"the right to own private property.\" Labor governments have not attempted the \"democratic socialisation\" of any industry since the 1940s, when the Chifley government failed to nationalise the private banks, and in fact have privatised several industries such as aviation and banking. Labor's current National Platform describes the party as \"a modern social democratic party\", \"the party of opportunity and security for working people\" and \"a party of active government.\"
/m/07w6r	Utrecht University is a university in Utrecht, the Netherlands. It is one of the oldest universities in the Netherlands and one of the largest in Europe. Established March 26, 1636, it had an enrollment of 30,449 students in 2012, and employed 5,295 faculty and staff. In 2011, 485 PhD degrees were awarded and 7,773 scientific articles were published. The 2013 budget of the university was €761 million.\nThe university is rated as the best university in the Netherlands by the Shanghai Ranking of World Universities 2013, and ranked as the 13th best European university and the 52nd best university of the world.\nThe university's motto is \"Sol Iustitiae Illustra Nos,\" which means \"Sun of Justice, shine upon us.\" This motto was gleaned from a literal Latin Bible translation of Malachi 4:2. Utrecht University is led by the University Board, consisting of prof. dr. Bert van der Zwaan and Hans Amman.
/m/0bjkk9	The Nebraska Cornhuskers represent the University of Nebraska–Lincoln in college football. The program has established itself as a traditional powerhouse, and has the fourth most all-time victories of any NCAA FBS team and is one of only eleven football programs in NCAA Division I history to win 800 or more games. The Cornhuskers have the most wins and the highest winning percentage of any college football program over the last 50 years. On June 11, 2010, Nebraska ended the university's affiliation with the Big 12 Conference and joined the Big Ten Conference beginning in the 2011 season.\nNebraska has claimed 46 conference championships and part or all of five national championships: 1970, 1971, 1994, 1995, and 1997. The titles in the 1990s marked the first time since Notre Dame in 1946–49 when a team won three national championships in four seasons. The 2011-2012 Alabama Crimson Tide, the 1994-1995 Nebraska Cornhuskers, and the 1956-1957 Oklahoma Sooners have the only consensus back-to-back national titles by Division 1-A schools.\nThe Nebraska Cornhuskers also have five undefeated seasons when they were not the national champions; 1902, 1903, 1913, 1914, and 1915. Between 1912 and 1916, a 34-game unbeaten streak was recorded by then head coach Ewald O. Stiehm.
/m/035s37	The Finland national football team represents Finland in international football competitions and is controlled by the Football Association of Finland.\nAlthough The Finnish national team has never qualified for a finals tournament of the World Cup or the European Championships, the Nordic nation made remarkable progression in the 2000s reaching a peak of 30th on the Elo Rankings, under coach of Roy Hodgson they achieved notable results against much more established European teams. The team has also never dropped out of the top 100 of the FIFA World Rankings since the rankings were established in 1993.
/m/01zp33	Rani Mukerji is an Indian film actress. Through her successful Bollywood acting career, she has become one of the most high-profile celebrities in India. Mukerji has received numerous awards and nominations, including seven Filmfare Awards, and her film roles have been cited as a significant departure from the traditional portrayal of women in mainstream Hindi cinema.\nAlthough Mukerji was born into the Mukherjee-Samarth family, in which her parents and relatives were members of the Indian film industry, she did not aspire to pursue a career in film. However, while still a teenager she dabbled with acting by playing a supporting role in her father's 1992 Bengali language film Biyer Phool, and later accepted a leading role in the 1997 social drama Raja Ki Aayegi Baraat on the insistence of her mother. The following year, she began a full-time career in film and gained recognition for a supporting role in the blockbuster romance Kuch Kuch Hota Hai. After this initial success in her career, Mukerji's films fared poorly at the box office for the next three years. Her career prospects improved in 2002 when Yash Raj Films cast her as the star of the critically acclaimed relationship drama Saathiya.
/m/02qw3t	A subsidiary, subsidiary company, daughter company, or sister company is a company that is completely or partly owned by another corporation that owns more than half of the subsidiary's stock, and which normally acts as a holding corporation which at least partly or a parent corporation, wholly controls the activities and policies of the daughter corporation. The subsidiary can be a company, corporation, or limited liability company. In some cases it is a government or state-owned enterprise. The controlling entity is called its parent company, parent, or holding company.\nAn operating subsidiary is a business term constantly used within the United States railroad industry. In the case of a railroad, it refers to a company that is a subsidiary but operates with its own identity, locomotives and rolling stock. In contrast, a non-operating subsidiary would exist on paper only and would use the identity and rolling stock of the parent company.\nSubsidiaries are a common feature of business life, and all multinational corporations organize their operations in this way. Examples include holding companies such as Berkshire Hathaway, Time Warner, or Citigroup; as well as more focused companies such as IBM or Xerox. These, and others, organize their businesses into national and functional subsidiaries, often with multiple levels of subsidiaries.
/m/016gr2	Sir Derek George Jacobi CBE is an English actor and stage director.\nA \"forceful, commanding stage presence\", Jacobi has enjoyed a highly successful stage career, appearing in such stage productions as Hamlet, Uncle Vanya, and Oedipus the King. He has twice been awarded a Laurence Olivier Award, first for his performance of the eponymous hero in Cyrano de Bergerac in 1983 and the second for his Malvolio in Twelfth Night in 2009. He also received a Tony Award for his performance in Much Ado About Nothing in 1984 and a Primetime Emmy Award in 1988 for the Tenth man. His stage work includes playing Octavius Caesar, Edward II, Richard III, and Thomas Becket.\nIn addition to being a founder member of the Royal National Theatre and winning several prestigious theatre awards, Jacobi has also enjoyed a successful television career, starring in the critically praisedadaptation of Robert Graves's I, Claudius, for which he won a BAFTA; the titular role in the acclaimed medieval drama series Cadfael, and Stanley Baldwin in The Gathering Storm. Though principally a stage actor, Jacobi has appeared in a number of films, such as Henry V, Dead Again, Gladiator, Gosford Park, The Golden Compass, The King's Speech, My Week with Marilyn, and the forthcoming Hippie Hippie Shake. He holds a British knighthood and has been appointed a Knight 1st Class of the Order of the Dannebrog.
/m/01pn0r	A chef is a person who cooks professionally for other people. Traditionally, it refers to a highly skilled professional cook who is proficient in all aspects of food preparation.
/m/0dq16	Albany is the capital city of the U.S. state of New York, the seat of Albany County, and the central city of New York's Capital District. Roughly 135 miles north of the City of New York, Albany sits on the west bank of the Hudson River, about 10 miles south of its confluence with the Mohawk River. The population of the city was 97,856 at the time of the 2010 census. Albany has close ties with the nearby cities of Troy, Schenectady, and Saratoga Springs, forming a region called the Capital District. The bulk of this area is made up of the Albany-Schenectady-Troy Metropolitan Statistical Area. Its 2010 population was 870,716, the fourth-largest urban area in New York and the 58th-largest MSA in the country.\nAlbany saw its first European settlement on November 2, 1614 and was officially chartered as a city in 1686. It became the capital of New York in 1797. It is one of the oldest surviving settlements from the original thirteen colonies, and the longest continuously chartered city in the United States. Modern Albany was founded as the Dutch trading posts of Fort Nassau in 1614 and Fort Orange in 1624. The fur trade brought in a population that settled around Fort Orange and founded a village called Beverwijck. The English took over and renamed the city Albany in 1664, in honor of the then Duke of Albany, the future James II of England and James VII of Scotland. The city was officially chartered in 1686 with the issuance of the Dongan Charter, the oldest effective city charter in the United States and possibly the longest-running instrument of municipal government in the Western Hemisphere.
/m/0xbm	Arsenal Football Club is an English Premier League football club based in Holloway, London. One of the most successful clubs in English football, it has won 13 First Division and Premier League titles and 10 FA Cups. Arsenal holds the record for the longest uninterrupted period in the English top flight and would be placed first in an aggregated league of the entire 20th century. It is the second side to complete an English top flight season unbeaten and the only one to do so across 38 matches.\nArsenal was founded in 1886 in Woolwich and in 1893 became the first club from the south of England to join the Football League. In 1913, it moved north across the city to Arsenal Stadium in Highbury. In the 1930s the club won five League Championship titles and two FA Cups. After a lean period in the post-war years it won the League and FA Cup Double, in the 1970–71 season, and in the 1990s and first decade of the 21st century won two more Doubles and reached the 2006 UEFA Champions League Final.\nArsenal has a long-standing rivalry with North London neighbours Tottenham Hotspur, with whom it contests the North London derby. Arsenal is the fourth most valuable association football club in the world as of 2013, valued at more than $1.3 billion.
/m/0n5hw	Cape May County is the southernmost county in the U.S. state of New Jersey. As of the 2010 United States Census, the population was 97,265, decreasing by 5,061 from the 102,326 counted in the 2000 Census, retaining its position as the state's second-least populous county; One of only two counties to lose population in the decade since 2000, the decline was the largest percentage decrease of any county statewide and the second-largest in absolute terms. A consistently popular summer destination with 30 miles of beaches, Cape May attracts vacationers from New Jersey and surrounding states, with the summer population exceeding 800,000. Tourism generates annual revenues of $5.3 billion, making it the county's single largest industry, with leisure and hospitality being the Cape May's largest employment category.\nThe county is part of the Ocean City Metropolitan Statistical Area as well as the Delaware Valley Combined Statistical Area. Its county seat is the Cape May Court House section of Middle Township.
/m/0cgfb	Victoria Caroline Beckham is an English businesswoman, fashion designer, model and singer. In the late 1990s, Beckham rose to fame with the all-female pop group Spice Girls and was dubbed Posh Spice by the July 1996 issue of the British pop music magazine Top of the Pops. Since the Spice Girls split, she has had a solo pop music career, scoring four UK Top 10 singles. Her first single to be released, \"Out of Your Mind\", reached Number 2 in the UK Singles Chart and is her highest chart entry to date. During her solo career, she has been signed to Virgin Records and Telstar Records.\nBeckham has found more success as an internationally recognised and photographed style icon. Her career in fashion includes designing a line of jeans for Rock & Republic and later designing her own denim brand, dVb Style. Beckham has brought out her own range of sunglasses and fragrance, titled Intimately Beckham, which has been released in the UK and the US. In association with the Japanese store Samantha Thavasa and Shiatzy Chen, she has produced a range of handbags and jewellery. In addition, Beckham has released two best-selling books; one her autobiography, the other a fashion guide.
/m/035w2k	Mission: Impossible is a 1996 American action spy film directed by Brian De Palma, produced by and starring Tom Cruise. Based on the television series of the same name, the plot follows a new agent, Ethan Hunt and his mission to uncover the mole who has framed him for the murders of his entire IMF team. Work on the script had begun early with filmmaker Sydney Pollack on board, before De Palma, Steven Zaillian, David Koepp, and Robert Towne were brought in. Mission: Impossible went into pre-production without a shooting script. De Palma came up with some action sequences, but Koepp and Towne were dissatisfied with the story that led up to those events.\nU2 band members Larry Mullen, Jr. and Adam Clayton produced an electronic dance version of the original theme song. The song went into top ten of music charts around the world and was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Pop Instrumental Performance. The film was the third-highest-grossing of the year and received positive reviews from film critics. The film marked the beginning of a film series, with sequels Mission: Impossible II, III and Ghost Protocol released in 2000, 2006 and 2011, respectively. A fifth film is in development with Cruise reprising his role.
/m/06xj4w	Baku FC is an Azerbaijani football club based in Baku, Azerbaijan, that currently plays in the Azerbaijan Premier League. The club have won two national league titles and three Azerbaijan Cups.\nBaku is also one of the associate members of the European Club Association, an organization that replaced the previous G-14 which consists of major football clubs in Europe.
/m/01k165	Stephen Joseph Harper is a Canadian politician who is the 22nd and current Prime Minister of Canada and the Leader of the Conservative Party. Harper became prime minister in 2006, forming a minority government after the 2006 election. He is the first prime minister to come from the newly reconstituted Conservative Party, which formed after a merger of the Progressive Conservative Party and the Canadian Alliance.\nHarper has been the Member of Parliament for the riding of Calgary Southwest in Alberta since 2002. Earlier, from 1993 to 1997, he was the MP for Calgary West. He was one of the founding members of the Reform Party, but did not seek re-election, and instead joined, and shortly thereafter led, the National Citizens Coalition. In 2002, he succeeded Stockwell Day as leader of the Canadian Alliance and returned to parliament as Leader of the Opposition. In 2003, he reached an agreement with Progressive Conservative leader Peter MacKay for the merger of their two parties to form the Conservative Party of Canada. He was elected as the party's first non-interim leader in March 2004.\nHarper's Conservative Party won a stronger minority in the October 2008 federal election, showing a small increase in the percentage of the popular vote and increased representation in the Canadian House of Commons, with 143 of 308 seats. The 40th Canadian Parliament was dissolved in March 2011, after his government failed a no-confidence vote on the issue of the Cabinet being in contempt of parliament.
/m/01tmtg	West Java is a province of Indonesia. It is located in the western part of the island of Java and its capital and largest urban center is Bandung. The province’s population is 46 million and it is the most populous and most densely populated of Indonesia’s provinces.\nBogor, a city in West Java, has the 2nd highest population density worldwide, while Depok and Bekasi are the 7th and 12th most populated suburbs in the world.
/m/0n5hh	Cumberland County is a county located in the U.S. state of New Jersey. As of the 2010 United States Census, the population was 156,898, increasing by 10,460 from the 146,438 counted in the 2000 Census, retaining its position as the state's 16th-most populous county. Its county seat is Bridgeton. Cumberland County is named for Prince William, Duke of Cumberland. The county was formally created from portions of Salem County as of January 19, 1748.\nThis county is part of the Vineland-Millville-Bridgeton Primary Metropolitan Statistical Area as well as the Delaware Valley Combined Statistical Area.
/m/031x2	The Falklands War, also known as the Falklands Conflict, Falklands Crisis and the Guerra del Atlántico Sur, was a ten-week war between Argentina and the United Kingdom over two British overseas territories in the South Atlantic: the Falkland Islands and South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands. It began on Friday 2 April 1982 when Argentina invaded and occupied the Falkland Islands in an attempt to establish the sovereignty it has long claimed over them. On 5 April, the British government dispatched a naval task force to engage the Argentine Navy and Air Force before making an amphibious assault on the islands. The conflict lasted 74 days and ended with the Argentine surrender on 14 June 1982, returning the islands to British control. 649 Argentine military personnel, 255 British military personnel and 3 Falkland Islanders died during the hostilities.\nThe conflict was a major episode in the protracted historical confrontation over the territories' sovereignty. Argentina has asserted and maintains that the islands have been Argentinian territory since the 19th century and, as such, the Argentine government characterised their action as the reclamation of their own territory. The British government saw it as an invasion of territory that has been British also since the 19th century. Neither state, however, officially declared war and hostilities were almost exclusively limited to the territories under dispute and the area of the South Atlantic where they lie.
/m/03g62	Howard Winchester Hawks was an American film director, producer and screenwriter of the classic Hollywood era. He is popular for his films from a wide range of genres such as Scarface, Bringing Up Baby, Only Angels Have Wings, His Girl Friday, Sergeant York, To Have and Have Not, The Big Sleep, Red River, The Thing from Another World, Gentlemen Prefer Blondes, and Rio Bravo.\nIn 1942, Hawks was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Director for Sergeant York, and in 1975 he was awarded an Honorary Academy Award as \"a master American filmmaker whose creative efforts hold a distinguished place in world cinema.\"
/m/0nbrp	Paddington is a district within the City of Westminster, in west London. Formerly a metropolitan borough, it was integrated with Westminster and Greater London in 1965. Three important landmarks of the district are Paddington station, designed by the celebrated engineer Isambard Kingdom Brunel and opened in 1847; St Mary's Hospital and Paddington Green Police Station.\nA major project called Paddington Waterside aims to regenerate former railway and canal land between 1998 and 2018, and the area is seeing many new developments.
/m/0mlxt	Spokane County is a county located in the State of Washington. As of the 2010 census the population was 471,221, making it the fourth-most populous county in Washington state. The largest city and county seat is Spokane, the second largest city in the state, behind Seattle.\nSpokane County was formed on January 29, 1858. It was annexed by Stevens County on January 19, 1864, and re-created on October 30, 1879. It is named after the Spokane tribe.\nSpokane County comprises the Spokane, WA Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/0nlh7	Edmonton is the capital of the Canadian province of Alberta. Edmonton is on the North Saskatchewan River and is the centre of the Edmonton Capital Region, which is surrounded by Alberta's central region.\nThe city had a population of 812,201 in the 2011 census, making it Alberta's second-largest city and Canada's fifth-largest municipality. This population represents 70 percent of the total 2011 population of 1,159,869 within the Edmonton census metropolitan area, Canada's sixth-largest CMA by population. Edmonton is the northernmost North American city with a metropolitan population over one million. A resident of Edmonton is known as an Edmontonian.\nEdmonton's historic growth has been facilitated through the absorption of five adjacent urban municipalities, including Strathcona, North Edmonton, West Edmonton, Beverly and Jasper Place, and a series of annexations of surrounding rural lands until 1982. Edmonton serves as the northern anchor of the Calgary–Edmonton Corridor and is a staging point for large-scale oil sands projects occurring in northern Alberta and large-scale diamond mining operations in the Northwest Territories.\nEdmonton is a cultural, governmental and educational centre. It hosts a year-round slate of festivals, reflected in the nickname \"The Festival City.\" It is home to North America's largest mall, West Edmonton Mall, and Fort Edmonton Park, Canada's largest living history museum.
/m/01ky7c	The University of Massachusetts Amherst is a public research and land-grant university in Amherst, Massachusetts, and the flagship of the University of Massachusetts system. With 1,174 faculty members and more than 27,000 students, UMass Amherst is the largest public university in New England.\nThe university offers bachelor's degrees, master's degrees, and doctoral degrees in 88 undergraduate and 72 graduate areas of study, through eight schools and colleges. The main campus is situated north of downtown Amherst. In a 2009 article for MSN.com, Amherst was ranked first in Best College Towns in the United States. In 2012, U.S. News and World Report ranked Amherst amongst the Top 10 Great College Towns in America.\nThe University of Massachusetts Amherst is categorized as a Research University with Very High research activity by the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching. In 2011, UMass Amherst had research expenditures of $181.3 million. It is also a member of the Five College Consortium.\nUMass Amherst sports teams are called the Minutemen and Minutewomen, the colors being maroon and white; the school mascot is Sam the Minuteman. All teams participate in NCAA Division I. The university is a member of the Atlantic 10 Conference, while playing ice hockey in Hockey East. In football, UMass has completed their last season in the Colonial Athletic Association at the FCS level, and in 2012 they upgraded to the FBS level and transition to the Mid-American Conference.
/m/0mw2m	Beaufort County is a county in the U.S. state of South Carolina. As of the 2010 census, its population was 162,233. Its county seat is Beaufort.\nBeaufort County is one of the South's fastest-growing counties, primarily because of development south of the Broad River clustered along the U.S. Highway 278 corridor. The northern portions of the county have also grown steadily, due in part to the strong military presence around the city of Beaufort. As defined by the U.S. Census Bureau, the Hilton Head Island-Bluffton-Beaufort Metropolitan Statistical Area comprises Beaufort and Jasper counties. Beaufort County's population is over 70% urban.\nThe two portions of the county are physically connected via the Broad River Bridge, which carries South Carolina Highway 170. Despite the connectivity, oftentimes the \"north of Broad\" and \"south of Broad\" populations of the county find each other at odds over county-wide issues dealing with growth management.
/m/0219q	Ivan Simon Cary Elwes, known professionally as Cary Elwes, is an English actor and voice actor. The son of painter Dominick Elwes and designer Tessa Georgina Kennedy, Elwes acted in off-Broadway plays during college and moved to the United States in the early 1980s. He is known for his roles as Westley in the classic film The Princess Bride, Arthur Holmwood in Francis Ford Coppola's Bram Stoker's Dracula, Robin Hood in Robin Hood: Men in Tights, Garrett in Quest for Camelot, and Dr. Lawrence Gordon in Saw and Saw 3D: The Final Chapter.\nHe has also appeared in box office hits such as Days of Thunder, Hot Shots!, Twister, Liar, Liar and New Year's Eve. He has had recurring roles in television series such as The X-Files playing Brad Follmer and Psych playing Pierre Despereaux.
/m/078vc	A Sikh is a follower of Sikhism, a monotheistic religion that originated in the 16th century in the Punjab region. The term \"Sikh\" means disciple, student, or. A Sikh is a disciple/subject of the Guru.\nOne who calls himself a Sikh of the Guru, the True Guru, shall rise in the early morning hours and meditate on the Lord's Name. Upon arising early in the morning, the Sikh is to bathe, and cleanse himself in the pool of nectar. Following the Instructions of the Guru, the Sikh is to chant the Name of the Lord, Har. All sins, misdeeds and negativity shall be erased. Then, at the rising of the sun, the Sikh is to sing Gurbani; whether sitting down or standing up, the Sikh is to meditate on the Lord's Name. One who meditates on my Lord, Har, with every breath and every morsel of food – that Gursikh becomes pleasing to the Guru's Mind. That person, unto whom my Lord and Master is kind and compassionate – upon that Gursikh, the Guru's Teachings are bestowed. Servant Nanak begs for the dust of the feet of that Gursikh, who himself chants the Naam, and inspires others to chant it.\nAccording to Article I of the \"Rehat Maryada\", a Sikh is defined as \"any human being who faithfully believes in One Immortal Being; ten Gurus, from Guru Nanak to Guru Gobind Singh; Guru Granth Sahib; the teachings of the ten Gurus and the baptism bequeathed by the tenth Guru;\". Sikhs believe in the equality of humankind, the concept of universal brotherhood and One Supreme transcendent and immanent God.
/m/050_qx	David Rasche is an American theater, film and television actor who is best known for his portrayal of the title character in the 1980s satirical police sitcom Sledge Hammer!. Since then he has often played characters in positions of authority, in both serious and comical turns.
/m/026rm_y	Christoph Waltz is an Austrian-German actor. Internationally, he is best known for his works with American filmmaker Quentin Tarantino. He received acclaim for his supporting roles as SS-Standartenführer Hans Landa in Tarantino's Inglourious Basterds and bounty hunter Dr. King Schultz in Tarantino's Django Unchained. For each performance, Waltz won an Academy Award, a BAFTA Award, and a Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor. Additionally, he received the Best Actor Award at the Cannes Film Festival and a Screen Actors Guild Award for his portrayal of Landa.
/m/03896	A genetic disorder is an illness caused by one or more abnormalities in the genome, especially a condition that is present from birth. Most genetic disorders are quite rare and affect one person in every several thousands or millions.\nGenetic disorders may or may not be heritable, i.e., passed down from the parents' genes. In non-heritable genetic disorders, defects may be caused by new mutations or changes to the DNA. In such cases, the defect will only be heritable if it occurs in the germ line. The same disease, such as some forms of cancer, may be caused by an inherited genetic condition in some people, by new mutations in other people, and mainly by environmental causes in still other people. Whether, when and to what extent a person with the genetic defect or abnormality will actually suffer from the disease is almost always affected by environmental factors and events in the person's development.\nSome types of recessive gene disorders confer an advantage in certain environments when only one copy of the gene is present.
/m/0gmblvq	Game Change is a 2012 American HBO political drama film based on events of the 2008 United States presidential election campaign, directed by Jay Roach and written by Danny Strong, based on the 2010 book of the same name documenting the campaign by political journalists Mark Halperin and John Heilemann. The film stars Julianne Moore, Woody Harrelson and Ed Harris and focuses on the chapters about the selection and performance of Governor of Alaska Sarah Palin as running mate to Senator John McCain in the Republican presidential campaign.\nThe plot features a 2010 interview of the campaign's senior strategist Steve Schmidt, using flashbacks to portray McCain and Palin during their ultimately unsuccessful campaign. The film was well received by critics, with Moore's portrayal of Palin garnering praise. Schmidt praised the film. Palin and McCain described it as false and inaccurate, though neither chose to view it. Alessandra Stanley of the New York Times describes Moore's depiction of Palin as \"a sharp-edged but not unsympathetic portrait of a flawed heroine, colored more in pity than in admiration.\" Game Change has earned many awards, including a Critics' Choice Award, a Golden Nymph Award, three Golden Globe Awards, and five Primetime Emmy Awards.
/m/018dk_	Burlington, is a city located in Halton Region at the western end of Lake Ontario. Burlington is part of the Greater Toronto Area, and is also included in the Hamilton Census Metropolitan Area. Physically, Burlington lies between the north shore of Lake Ontario and the Niagara Escarpment. Economically, Burlington is strategically located near the geographic centre of the Golden Horseshoe, a densely populated and industrialized region home to over 8 million people.\nSome of the city's attractions include Canada's Largest Ribfest, Sound of Music Festival, Burlington Art Centre, and Spencer Smith Park, all located near the city's municipal offices in the downtown core. Additionally, the city attracts hikers, birders and nature lovers due to the Royal Botanical Gardens located on the border with Hamilton, as well as its proximity to a part of the Niagara Escarpment in the north end of the city that includes the Iroquoian section of the Bruce Trail.
/m/06v36	Swaziland, officially the Kingdom of Swaziland, and sometimes called kaNgwane or Eswatini, is a sovereign state in Southern Africa, bordered to the north, south, southeast and west by South Africa, and to the northeast by Mozambique. The state, as well as its people, are named after the 19th-century king Mswati II.\nSwaziland is one of the smallest countries in Africa. It is no more than 200 kilometres north to south and 130 kilometres east to west. Regardless, the country has a very diverse topography of varying climate with a cool and mountainous highveld and a hot and dry lowveld. The population is primarily ethnic Swazis whose language is siSwati. They established their kingdom in the mid 18th century under the leadership of Ngwane III; the present boundaries were drawn up in 1881. After the Anglo-Boer War, Swaziland was a British protectorate from 1903 until 1967, gaining independence on 6 September 1968.\nThe country is a monarchy, currently ruled by King and Ngwenyama Mswati III. The king is head of state and appoints the prime minister and a number of representatives of both chambers of parliament. Elections are held every five years to determine the majority of the house of assembly. The current constitution was adopted in 2005. Swaziland is a member of the Southern African Development Community, the African Union, and the Commonwealth of Nations.
/m/03t97y	The Mummy Returns is a 2001 American adventure film written and directed by Stephen Sommers, starring Brendan Fraser, Rachel Weisz, John Hannah, Arnold Vosloo, Oded Fehr, Patricia Velásquez and Freddie Boath. The film is a sequel to the 1999 film The Mummy.\nThe Mummy Returns inspired the 2002 film The Scorpion King which is set 5,000 years prior and whose eponymous character, played by Dwayne Johnson, was introduced in this film. It was followed by the 2008 sequel The Mummy: Tomb of the Dragon Emperor.
/m/0b5x23	Premnath Malhotra was an Indian actor.
/m/01cvtf	Hill Street Blues is an American serial police drama that was first aired on NBC in 1981 and ran for 146 episodes on primetime into 1987. Chronicling the lives of the staff of a single police station—\"blues\" being a slang term for police officers in an unnamed American city, the show received critical acclaim, and its production innovations influenced many subsequent dramatic television series produced in North America. Its debut season was rewarded with eight Emmy Awards, a debut season record surpassed only by The West Wing, and the show received a total of 98 Emmy nominations during its run.\nIn 1993, TV Guide named the series The All-Time Best Cop Show in its issue celebrating 40 years of television. In 1997, the episode \"Grace Under Pressure\" was ranked number 49 on TV Guide's 100 Greatest Episodes of All Time. When the list was revised in 2009, \"Freedom's Last Stand\" was ranked number 57. In 2002, Hill Street Blues was ranked number 14 on TV Guide's 50 Greatest TV Shows of All Time, and in 2013 TV Guide ranked it #1 in its list of The 60 Greatest Dramas of All Time.
/m/01zfzb	City Slickers is a 1991 American western comedy film directed by Ron Underwood and starring Billy Crystal, Daniel Stern, Bruno Kirby and Jack Palance, with supporting roles by Patricia Wettig, Helen Slater and Noble Willingham.\nThe film's script was written by Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel, and the film was shot in New York City, in New Mexico, in Durango, Colorado, and in Spain. The film's success spawned a sequel, City Slickers II: The Legend of Curly's Gold, which was released in 1994.
/m/03lrls	Modern history, also referred to as the modern period or the modern era, is the historiographical approach to the timeframe after the post-classical era. Modern history can be further broken down into the early modern period and the late modern period after the French Revolution and the Industrial Revolution. Contemporary history is the span of historic events that are immediately relevant to the present time. The modern era began approximately in the 16th century.
/m/09cl0w	The Houston Dynamo is an American Major League Soccer club based in Houston, Texas. Founded in 2005, the club began play in MLS in 2006, and originally played its home games at Robertson Stadium on the University of Houston campus before moving to the BBVA Compass Stadium during the 2012 season.\nThe Houston Dynamo won the 2006 and 2007 MLS Cups in their first two years following player and coaching staff relocation of the San Jose Earthquakes; the Earthquakes were put on hiatus until 2008. In 2008, the Houston Dynamo became the first Major League Soccer club to secure a point on Mexican soil in the CONCACAF Champions League era.\nThe Dynamo is owned by majority owners Anschutz Entertainment Group in partnership with Brener International Group, and world and Olympic boxing champion Oscar De La Hoya. The team's head coach is former U.S. international Dominic Kinnear.
/m/029d_	Drexel University is a private research university with the main campus located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA. It was founded in 1891 by Anthony J. Drexel, a noted financier and philanthropist. Drexel offers over 70 full-time undergraduate programs and accelerated degrees. At the graduate level, the university offers over 100 masters, doctoral, and professional programs, many available part-time.\nDrexel is best known for the cooperative education program. Drexel's Co-op is regularly ranked as one of the best co-op programs in the United States. Participating students have a variety of opportunities to gain up to 18-months of paid full-time working experience before graduation. The university has a large network of more than 1,600 corporate, governmental, and non-profit partners in 28 states and 25 international locations. The employers consist of top ranked multinational law firms, banks, corporations, and many Fortune 500 companies, such as Goldman Sachs, Microsoft, and Procter & Gamble.\nTimes Higher Education World University Rankings placed Drexel among the top 200 universities in the World. In U.S. News & World Report's annual \"America's Best Colleges List\", the university has been ranked consistently among the \"Best National Universities – Top Schools.\" The 2012 rankings place Drexel third in their list of “Up and Coming National Universities” for \"promising and innovative changes in the areas of academics, faculty, and student life.\" In addition, the National Science Foundation and the 2009 Lombardi Report also ranked Drexel among the top 50 private comprehensive research universities. Drexel University ranks #45 among \"Research Universities by Salary Potential\" in the United States.
/m/0dw3l	Leslie Edward \"Les\" Claypool is an American musician and writer, best known as the lead vocalist and bassist in the band Primus. Claypool's playing style on the electric bass mixes tapping, flamenco-like strumming, whammy bar bends, and slapping. He is generally regarded as one of the best bassists of all time.\nClaypool has also self-produced and engineered his solo releases from his own studio, \"Rancho Relaxo\". 2006 saw the release of a full-length feature film Electric Apricot written and directed by Claypool as well as a debut novel South of the Pumphouse.
/m/03n5v	Hellas Verona Football Club are a professional Italian association football team, based in Verona, Veneto. The team won the Italian Serie A championship in 1984–85, and are playing in Serie A in 2013–14.
/m/037s9x	Washington & Jefferson College, also known as W & J College or W&J, is a private liberal arts college in Washington, Pennsylvania, in the United States, which is 30 miles south of Pittsburgh. The college traces its origin to three log cabin colleges in Washington County established by three Presbyterian missionaries to the American frontier in the 1780s: John McMillan, Thaddeus Dod, and Joseph Smith. These early schools eventually grew into two competing academies and colleges, with Canonsburg Academy, later Jefferson College, located in Canonsburg and Washington Academy, later Washington College, in Washington. These two colleges merged in 1865 to form Washington & Jefferson College. The 60-acre campus, located in Washington, Pennsylvania, has more than 40 buildings, with the oldest dating to 1793. While the college has historically had a difficult relationship with the city of Washington, including clashes over college expansion and finances, recent efforts have been made to improve those relations.\nThe college's academic emphasis is on the liberal arts and the sciences, with a focus on preparing students for graduate and professional schools. Campus activities include various religious, political, and general interest clubs, as well as academic and professional-themed organizations. The college has a strong history of competing literary societies, dating back before the union of Jefferson and Washington Colleges. Students operate a college radio station, a campus newspaper, and a literary journal. The athletic program competes in NCAA Division III. The football team has been particularly successful over its history, even competing in the 1922 Rose Bowl. A large majority of students participate in intramural athletics. Nearly all students live on campus and roughly one third are members of fraternities or sororities. A number of noteworthy alumni have attended the college or its predecessor institutions, including James G. Blaine, William Holmes McGuffey, and Pete Henry.
/m/0bl2g	Dustin Lee Hoffman is an American actor with a career in film, television, and theatre since 1960. He has been known for his versatile portrayals of antiheroes and vulnerable characters.\nHe first drew critical praise for the play Eh?, for which he won a Theatre World Award and a Drama Desk Award. This was soon followed by his breakthrough 1967 film role as Benjamin Braddock, the title character in The Graduate. Since then Hoffman's career has largely been focused on cinema, with sporadic returns to television and the stage. His most notable films include Midnight Cowboy, Little Big Man, Straw Dogs, Papillon, Lenny, Marathon Man, All the President's Men, Kramer vs. Kramer, Tootsie, Rain Man, Hook and Wag the Dog.\nHoffman has been nominated for seven Academy Awards, winning two, thirteen Golden Globes, winning six and has won four BAFTAs, three Drama Desk Awards, a Genie Award, and an Emmy Award. Hoffman received the AFI Life Achievement Award in 1999, and the Kennedy Center Honors in 2012.\nHoffman had his directorial debut in 2012, with Quartet.
/m/04m_zp	Graham John Yost is a Canadian film and television screenwriter. His best-known works are the films Speed, Broken Arrow, and Hard Rain and the TV series Justified. In 2002, he created the widely acclaimed, yet short-lived drama series Boomtown.\nHe has also written for the television series Herman's Head and Band of Brothers. He also created the short-lived NBC drama Raines. Yost teamed up with Tom Hanks and Steven Spielberg, along with two of his fellow Boomtown writers Michelle Ashford and Larry Andries, to write and direct episodes of the HBO miniseries The Pacific. As of 2010, Yost is the creator and executive producer of the series Justified, which premiered on FX in March 2010.\nBorn in Etobicoke, he is the son of Canadian television personality Elwy Yost, the longtime host of the public broadcaster TVOntario's Saturday Night at the Movies. He lives in California with his family.
/m/02r1c18	A Serious Man is a 2009 dark comedy produced, edited, written and directed by Joel and Ethan Coen. The film stars Michael Stuhlbarg as a Minnesota Jewish man whose life crumbles both professionally and personally, leading him to questions about his faith. The film attracted a positive critical response, including a Golden Globe nomination for Stuhlbarg, a place on both the American Film Institute's and National Board of Review's Top 10 Film Lists of 2009, and a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Picture.
/m/04ftdq	Manhattan College is a private, independent, Roman Catholic, liberal arts college in the Lasallian tradition located in the Bronx, United States. After originally being established in 1853 as an academy for day students, Manhattan College was officially incorporated as an institution of higher education through a charter granted by the New York State Board of Regents. In 1922, the College moved to the Riverdale section of the Bronx, roughly 10 miles north of Midtown. Manhattan College offers undergraduate programs in the arts, business, education and health, engineering and science. Graduate programs are offered for education, business and engineering. U.S. News and World Report lists Manhattan as one of the top 20 colleges in the Regional Universities North category. In addition, Manhattan consistently ranks high in the return on investment survey by Payscale.com, placing 24th on the 2013-2014 Payscale College Return on Investment rankings.
/m/02vxy_	The Catholic Church, also known as the Roman Catholic Church, is the largest Christian church, with more than one billion members worldwide. It is among the oldest institutions in the world and has played a prominent role in the history of Western civilisation. The Catholic hierarchy is headed by the Pope, the Bishop of Rome. The Church teaches that it is the one true Church founded by Jesus Christ, that its bishops are the successors of Christ's apostles and that the Pope is the sole successor to Saint Peter who has apostolic primacy.\nThe Church maintains that the doctrine on faith and morals that it presents as definitive is infallible. There are a variety of doctrinal and theological emphases within the Catholic Church, including the Eastern Catholic Churches and religious communities such as the Jesuits, the Franciscans and the Dominicans.\nThe Catholic Church is Trinitarian and defines its mission as spreading the Gospel of Jesus Christ, administering the sacraments and exercising charity. Catholic worship is highly liturgical, focusing on the Mass or Divine Liturgy during which the sacrament of the Eucharist is celebrated. The Church teaches that bread and wine used during the Mass become the body and blood of Christ through transubstantiation. The Catholic Church practises closed communion and only baptised members of the Church in a state of grace are ordinarily permitted to receive the Eucharist.
/m/07yjb	Vampires are mythological or folkloric beings who subsist by feeding on the life essence of living creatures, regardless of whether they are undead or a living person. In folkloric tales, the undead vampires often visited loved ones and caused mischief or deaths in the neighbourhoods they inhabited when they were alive. They wore shrouds and were often described as bloated and of ruddy or dark countenance, markedly different from today's gaunt, pale vampire which dates from the early 1800s. Although vampiric entities have been recorded in most cultures, the term vampire was not popularised until the early 18th century, after an influx of vampire superstition into Western Europe from areas where vampire legends were frequent, such as the Balkans and Eastern Europe, although local variants were also known by different names, such as vrykolakas in Greece and strigoi in Romania. This increased level of vampire superstition in Europe led to what can only be called mass hysteria and in some cases resulted in corpses actually being staked and people being accused of vampirism.\nIn modern times, however, the vampire is generally held to be a fictitious entity, although belief in similar vampiric creatures such as the chupacabra still persists in some cultures. Early folkloric belief in vampires has been ascribed to the ignorance of the body's process of decomposition after death and how people in pre-industrial societies tried to rationalise this, creating the figure of the vampire to explain the mysteries of death. Porphyria was also linked with legends of vampirism in 1985 and received much media exposure, but has since been largely discredited.
/m/05c46y6	Precious is a 2009 American drama film, directed and co-produced by Lee Daniels. Precious is an adaptation by Geoffrey S. Fletcher of the 1996 novel Push by Sapphire. The film stars Gabourey Sidibe, Mo'Nique, Paula Patton, and Mariah Carey. This film marked the acting debut of Sidibe.\nThe film, then without a distributor, premiered to acclaim at both the 2009 Sundance Film Festival and the 2009 Cannes Film Festival, under its original title of Push: Based on the Novel by Sapphire. At Sundance, it won the Audience Award and the Grand Jury Prize for best drama, as well as a Special Jury Prize for supporting actress Mo'Nique. After Precious' screening at Sundance in February 2009, Tyler Perry announced that he and Oprah Winfrey would be providing promotional assistance to the film, which was released through Lionsgate Entertainment. Precious won the People's Choice Award at the Toronto International Film Festival in September. The film's title was changed from Push to Precious: Based on the Novel \"Push\" by Sapphire, to avoid confusion with the 2009 action film Push. Precious was also an official selection at the 62nd Cannes Film Festival.
/m/02v_r7d	Luther is a 2003 biopic about the life of Martin Luther starring Joseph Fiennes. It was an independent film partially funded by Thrivent Financial for Lutherans. The film covers Luther's life from his becoming a monk in 1505 to the Diet of Augsburg in 1530.
/m/070g7	Stargate is a 1994 American French science fiction film released through Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and Carolco Pictures. Created by Dean Devlin and Roland Emmerich, the film is the first release in the Stargate franchise. Directed by Roland Emmerich, the film stars Kurt Russell, James Spader, Jaye Davidson, Carlos Lauchu, Djimon Hounsou, Erick Avari, Alexis Cruz, Mili Avital, John Diehl, French Stewart, and Viveca Lindfors. The plot centers around the premise of a \"Stargate\", an ancient ring-shaped device that creates a wormhole enabling travel to a similar device elsewhere in the universe. The film's central plot explores the theory of extraterrestrial beings having an influence upon human civilization.\nThe film had a mixed initial critical reception, earning both praise and criticism for its atmosphere, story, characters, and graphic content. Nevertheless, Stargate gained a cult following and became a commercial success worldwide. Devlin and Emmerich gave the rights to the franchise to MGM when they were working on their 1996 film Independence Day, and MGM retains the domestic television rights. The rights to the Stargate film are currently owned by StudioCanal, with Lions Gate Entertainment handling most distribution in terms of international theatrical and worldwide home video releases as the MGM name and logo is removed from the packaging, trailer and credits of the film, although Rialto Pictures currently handles domestic distribution under license from StudioCanal.
/m/018y81	Roger Taylor, is an English musician, singer and songwriter, best known as the drummer of the band Queen, but is also served as occasional songwriter and occasional lead vocalist. As a drummer, he is renowned for his unique sound and is considered one of the most influential rock drummers of the 1970s and '80s. As a songwriter, Taylor contributed songs to the band's albums from the very beginning, composing at least one track on every album, and usually singing lead vocals on his own compositions. He also wrote six of the band's hits, \"Radio Ga Ga\", \"A Kind of Magic\",\"Heaven For Everyone\", \"Breakthru\", \"The Invisible Man\", and \"These Are the Days of Our Lives\". as well as co-writing the UK number 1's 'Under Pressure' and 'Innuendo', a track for which he wrote the lyrics and guided the overall formulation. He is also commonly known to have been the main writer on the international Top Ten hit 'One Vision', although the track is credited to the whole band. He has collaborated with such artists as Eric Clapton, Roger Waters, Roger Daltrey, Robert Plant, Phil Collins, Genesis, Jimmy Nail, Elton John, Gary Numan, Shakin' Stevens, Foo Fighters, Al Stewart, Steve Vai, Yoshiki Hayashi, Cherie, and Bon Jovi. As a producer, he has produced albums by Virginia Wolf, Jimmy Nail and Magnum. He currently resides in Guildford, Surrey, but also has a home in Helford, Cornwall.
/m/03xk1_	Sidney Edmond Jocelyn Ackland, CBE, known as Joss Ackland, is an English actor who has appeared in more than 130 films and numerous television roles.
/m/0g2c8	The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum is a museum located on the shore of Lake Erie in downtown Cleveland, Ohio, United States. It is dedicated to archiving the history of some of the best-known and most influential artists, producers, engineers and others who have, in some major way, influenced the music industry through the genre of rock music. The museum is part of the city's redeveloped North Coast Harbor.
/m/03j0br4	Sheila Escovedo, known by her stage name Sheila E., is a Grammy nominated American singer, drummer, and percussionist whose notable collaborators include Billy Cobham, Lionel Richie, George Duke, Prince, Ringo Starr, Gloria Estefan, Jennifer Lopez, Beyonce, Hans Zimmer and Kanye West.
/m/026n047	Juan Manuel Mata García, commonly known as Juan Mata, is a Spanish footballer who plays for English club Manchester United and the Spain national team. He primarily plays as an attacking midfielder but can also play as a winger.\nA graduate of Real Madrid's youth academy, Mata played at Real Madrid Castilla for the 2006–07 season, where he finished the season as the side's second best scorer with 10 goals. At the start of the 2007–08 season, Mata signed for fellow La Liga side Valencia CF, through a contractual clause at Real Madrid. He was voted the team's \"Best Young Player\" at the end of that season. Mata won the Copa del Rey in his debut season at Valencia. Following his debut for Valencia in 2007, Mata became an integral part of the club's midfield, making over 174 appearances for the duration of four seasons.\nIn the 2011–12 season, Mata signed for English Premier League club Chelsea in August 2011 for a fee in the region of €28 million. On 27 August 2011, Mata scored a goal on his debut for Chelsea against Norwich City after coming on as a substitute. Mata won the UEFA Champions League and the FA Cup in his debut season at Chelsea. He also won the club's Player of the year award. After scoring a goal against Monterrey in the 2012 FIFA Club World Cup, he has now scored on his debut in the Premier League, FA Cup, Champions League, Capital One Cup, and Club World Cup for Chelsea. Mata's second season at Chelsea proved to be even more successful, helping the club to qualify for the next season's Champions League and winning the Chelsea Player of the Year Award for a second successive year. On 15 May 2013, Mata won the UEFA Europa League, joining teammate Fernando Torres to become the first players to have held all four of the Champions League, Europa League, World Cup, and the European Championships simultaneously. In addition, he also had the Under-21 Football Championship at that time.
/m/0bh8x1y	Coriolanus is a 2011 British film adaptation of Shakespeare's tragedy Coriolanus, directed by and starring Ralph Fiennes in his directorial debut.
/m/026y3cf	Roots: The Next Generations is a television miniseries, introduced in 1979, continuing, from 1882 to the 1960s, the fictionalized story of the family of Alex Haley and their life in Henning, Lauderdale County, Tennessee, USA. This sequel to the 1977 miniseries is based on the last seven chapters of Haley's novel entitled Roots: The Saga of an American Family plus additional material by Haley.\nRoots: The Next Generations was produced with a budget of $16.6 million, nearly three times as large as that of the original.
/m/0pd6l	Nicholas and Alexandra is a 1971 biographical film which partly tells the story of the last Russian monarch, Tsar Nicholas II of Russia, and his wife, Tsarina Alexandra.\nThe film was adapted by James Goldman from the book by Robert K. Massie. It was directed by Franklin J. Schaffner.\nIt won Academy Awards for Best Art Direction-Set Decoration and Best Costume Design, and was nominated for Best Actress in a Leading Role, Best Cinematography, Best Music, Original Dramatic Score and Best Picture.
/m/05p92jn	Elizabeth Claire \"Ellie\" Kemper is an American actress, comedian, and writer. She is best known for her role as Erin Hannon in the NBC series The Office, as well as her supporting roles in the films Bridesmaids and 21 Jump Street. She is planned to be the star of the upcoming NBC comedy Tooken, created by Tina Fey.
/m/07t3x8	Raj Babbar is a Hindi and Punjabi film actor since 1977 and politician belonging to Indian National Congress party and current Member of Parliament from Firozabad.
/m/06bc59	Hannibal Rising is a 2007 horror film and the fifth installment of the Hannibal Lecter film series. It is a prequel to the previous three films: Red Dragon, The Silence of the Lambs, and Hannibal. The film is an adaptation of Thomas Harris' 2006 novel of the same name and tells the story of Lecter's evolution into the infamous cannibal/serial killer of the previous films and books.\nFrench actor Gaspard Ulliel portrays Lecter. Anthony Hopkins played the role in three previous films, and Brian Cox portrayed him in Manhunter.\nHannibal Rising was directed by Peter Webber from a screenplay by Harris, and was filmed in Barrandov Studios in Prague. It was produced by the Dino De Laurentiis Company and was released on 9 February 2007. Theatrical distribution in the United States was handled by The Weinstein Company and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. The DVD was released on 29 May 2007.
/m/0b0nq2	Football Club Kryvbas Kryvyi Rih was a Ukrainian professional football club based in Kryvyi Rih. In June 2013 the club went bankrupt and was expelled from the Ukrainian Premier League.
/m/06q83	Software Engineering is the study and application of engineering to the design, development, and maintenance of software.\nTypical formal definitions of software engineering are:\n\"the application of a systematic, disciplined, quantifiable approach to the development, operation, and maintenance of software\".\n\"an engineering discipline that is concerned with all aspects of software production\"\n\"the establishment and use of sound engineering principles in order to economically obtain software that is reliable and works efficiently on real machines\"\nThe term has been used less formally:\nas the informal contemporary term for the broad range of activities that were formerly called computer programming and systems analysis;\nas the broad term for all aspects of the practice of computer programming, as opposed to the theory of computer programming, which is called computer science;\nas the term embodying the advocacy of a specific approach to computer programming, one that urges that it be treated as an engineering discipline rather than an art or a craft, and advocates the codification of recommended practices.
/m/08t9df	Backbone Entertainment is an American independent video game development company located in Emeryville, California.
/m/04ykz	The Missouri River is the longest river in North America, longest tributary in the United States and a major waterway of the central United States. Rising in the Rocky Mountains of western Montana, the Missouri flows east and south for 2,341 miles before entering the Mississippi River north of St. Louis, Missouri. The river takes drainage from a sparsely populated, semi-arid watershed of more than half a million square miles, which includes parts of ten U.S. states and two Canadian provinces. When combined with the lower Mississippi River, it forms the world's fourth longest river system.\nFor over 12,000 years, people have depended on the Missouri and its tributaries as a source of sustenance and transportation. More than ten major groups of Native Americans populated the watershed, most leading a nomadic lifestyle and dependent on enormous buffalo herds that once roamed through the Great Plains. The first Europeans encountered the river in the late seventeenth century, and the region passed through Spanish and French hands before finally becoming part of the United States through the Louisiana Purchase. The Missouri was long believed to be part of the Northwest Passage – a water route from the Atlantic to the Pacific – but when Lewis and Clark became the first to travel the river's entire length, they confirmed the mythical pathway to be no more than a legend.
/m/058bzgm	Winners of the Locus Award for Best First Novel, awarded by the Locus magazine. Awards presented in a given year are for works published in the previous calendar year.\nThe award for Best First Novel was first presented in 1981, and is among the awards still presented.
/m/02xlf	Fiction is the form of any work that deals, in part or in whole, with information or events that are not real, but rather, imaginary and theoretical—that is, invented by the author. Although the term fiction refers in particular to novels and short stories, it may also refer to a theatrical, cinematic, or musical work. Fiction contrasts with non-fiction, which deals exclusively with factual events, descriptions, observations, etc.
/m/01k70_	Jenna Welch Bush Hager is the younger of the sororal twin daughters of the 43rd U.S. President George W. Bush and former First Lady Laura Bush, and a granddaughter of the 41st U.S. President George H. W. Bush and former First Lady Barbara Bush. She and her sister Barbara were the first twin children of a U.S. president. Hager is an author, an editor-at-large for Southern Living magazine, a special correspondent for NBC's Today Show and a contributor to NBC Nightly News .
/m/04sskp	Merlin is a television miniseries which originally aired in 1998 that retells the legend of King Arthur from the perspective of the wizard Merlin. Sam Neill stars in the title role in a story that covers not only the rise and fall of Camelot but also the phase in the legendary history of Britain that precedes it.\nThe film deviates from more traditional versions of the legend, notably by including new characters such as Queen Mab and by keeping Merlin through the whole reign of King Arthur over Britain. The film was followed by a sequel in 2006, Merlin's Apprentice, which was more loosely connected with traditional Arthurian legend.
/m/04z4j2	Ned Kelly is a 2003 Australian historical drama film directed by Gregor Jordan from a screenplay by John Michael McDonagh. The film portrays the life of Ned Kelly — a legendary bushranger in northeast Victoria. Ned Kelly, his brother Dan, and two other men — Steve Hart and Joe Byrne — formed a gang of Irish Australians in response to Irish and English tensions that arose in 19th century Australia. The film is mainly based on Robert Drewe's book Our Sunshine. Heath Ledger plays the title role as Edward 'Ned' Kelly.
/m/0kq2g	El Dorado County, officially the County of El Dorado, is a county located in the historic Gold Country in the Sierra Nevada Mountains and foothills of the U.S. state of California. The 2010 population was 181,058. The El Dorado county seat is in Placerville.\nThe population of El Dorado County has grown as the Greater Sacramento has expanded into the region. In the unique Lake Tahoe area of the county, environmental awareness and environmental protection initiatives have grown along with the population since the 1960 Winter Olympics, hosted at Squaw Valley Ski Resort in neighboring Placer County.
/m/0mdxd	A music video or song video is a short film integrating a song and imagery, produced for promotional or artistic purposes. Modern music videos are primarily made and used as a marketing device intended to promote the sale of music recordings. Although the origins of music videos date back much further, they came into prominence in the 1980s, when MTV based their format around the medium. Prior to the 1980s, these works were described by various terms including \"illustrated song\", \"filmed insert\", \"promotional film\", \"promotional clip\", \"promotional video\", \"song video\", \"song clip\" or \"film clip\".\nMusic videos use a wide range of styles of film making techniques, including animation, live action filming, documentaries, and non-narrative approaches such as abstract film. Some music videos blend different styles, such as animation and live action. Many music videos interpret images and scenes from the song's lyrics, while others take a more thematic approach. Other music videos may be without a set concept, being merely a filmed version of the song's live performance.
/m/01nn3m	Jamie Cullum is an English jazz-pop singer-songwriter. Though he is primarily a vocalist/pianist he also accompanies himself on other instruments including guitar and drums. Since April 2010, he has been presenting a weekly jazz show on BBC Radio 2, broadcast on Tuesdays from 19:00.
/m/01fpfn	A unitary state is a state governed as one single unit in which the central government is supreme and any administrative divisions exercise only powers that their central government chooses to delegate. The great majority of states in the world have a unitary system of government.\nUnitary states are contrasted with federal states and confederal states:\nIn a unitary state, subnational units are created and abolished and their powers may be broadened and narrowed, by the central government. Although political power in unitary states may be delegated through devolution to local government by statute, the central government remains supreme; it may abrogate the acts of devolved governments or curtail their powers.\nThe United Kingdom is an example of a unitary state. Scotland, Wales, and Northern Ireland which, along with England are the four constituent countries of the United Kingdom, have a degree of autonomous devolved power – the Scottish Government and Scottish Parliament in Scotland, the Welsh Government and National Assembly for Wales in Wales, and the Northern Ireland Executive and Northern Ireland Assembly in Northern Ireland. But such devolved power is only delegated by Britain's central government, more specifically by the Parliament of the United Kingdom, which is supreme under the doctrine of parliamentary supremacy. Further, the devolved governments cannot challenge the constitutionality of acts of Parliament, and the powers of the devolved governments can be revoked or reduced by the central government. For example, the Northern Ireland Assembly has been suspended four times, with its powers reverting to the central government's Northern Ireland Office.Ukraine is another example of a unitary state. The Republic of Crimea within the country has a degree of autonomy and is governed by its Cabinet of Ministers and legislative Council. In the early 1990s the republic also had a presidential post which was terminated due to separatist tendencies that intended to transfer Crimea to Russia.
/m/013d7t	Shreveport is the third largest city in the state of Louisiana and the 109th-largest city in the United States. It is the seat of Caddo Parish and extends along the Red River into neighboring Bossier Parish. Bossier City is separated from Shreveport by the Red River. The population of Shreveport was 199,311 at the 2010 census, and the Shreveport-Bossier City Metropolitan Area population exceeds 441,000. The Shreveport-Bossier City Metropolitan Statistical Area ranks 112th in the United States, according to the United States Census Bureau.\nShreveport was founded in 1836 by the Shreve Town Company, a corporation established to develop a town at the juncture of the newly navigable Red River and the Texas Trail, an overland route into the newly independent Republic of Texas and, prior to that time, into Mexico.\nShreveport is the commercial and cultural center of the Ark-La-Tex region, where Arkansas, Louisiana, and Texas meet.
/m/01vsxdm	Marilyn Manson is an American rock band from Fort Lauderdale, Florida. Formed in 1989 by frontman Marilyn Manson and Daisy Berkowitz, the group was originally named Marilyn Manson & the Spooky Kids with their theatrical performances gathering a local cult following in the early 1990s. The band's lineup has changed between many of their album releases; the current members of Marilyn Manson are the eponymous lead singer, guitarist Twiggy Ramirez, bassist Fred Sablan, and touring members drummer Jason Sutter and keyboardist Spencer Rollins.\nUntil 1996, the name of each member was originally created by combining the first name of an iconic female sex symbol and the last name of an iconic serial killer. The members of the band dress in outlandish makeup and costumes, and have engaged in intentionally shocking behavior both onstage and off. In the past, their lyrics often received criticism for their anti-religious sentiment and references to sex, violence and drugs. Their performances have frequently been called offensive and obscene, and, on several occasions, protests and petitions have led to the group being banned from performing.
/m/013b6_	Ashkenazi Jews, also known as Ashkenazic Jews or simply Ashkenazim, are a Jewish ethnic division.\n\"Ashkenazi Jews\" is a descriptive term for descendants of Jews who emerged from the Holy Roman Empire around the turn of the first millennium, and established communities in Central and Eastern Europe. The traditional language of Ashkenazi Jews was Yiddish.\nAlthough it is estimated that in the 11th century they composed only three percent of the world's Jewish population, at their peak in 1931 Ashkenazi Jews accounted for 92 percent of the world's Jews. With 16.7 million Jews prior to World War II, the number was reduced dramatically as 6 million Ashkenazi Jews were killed in the Holocaust.\nFigures vary for the contemporary statistics. Some sources place Ashkenazi as making up approximately 83–85 percent of Jews worldwide, while Sergio DellaPergola in a rough calculation of Sephardic and Oriental Jews, implies that Ashkenazi make up a notably lower figure, around 74%. Other estimates place Ashkenazi Jews as making up about 75% of Jews worldwide. Ashkenazi Jews constitute around 35–36% of the Israeli population.
/m/02hfk5	The Barbarian Invasions is a 2003 French-Canadian comedy-drama film written and directed by Denys Arcand. It is the sequel to Arcand's earlier film The Decline of the American Empire and is followed by Days of Darkness. The film was produced by companies from both Canada and France, including Telefilm Canada, Société Radio-Canada and Canal+. It was released in 2003 and won the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film at the 76th Academy Awards in 2004.
/m/073tm9	Def Jam Recordings is an American record label, focused predominantly on hip hop and urban music, owned by Universal Music Group, and operates as a part of The Island Def Jam Music Group. In the UK, the label takes on the name Def Jam UK and is operated through Virgin EMI, while in Japan, it is Def Jam Japan operating through Universal Sigma Music. The label distributes various record labels, which act as subsidiaries of the Island Def Jam Music Group. These labels include Roc-A-Fella Records, Kanye West's GOOD Music, Ludacris' Disturbing Tha Peace, and No ID's Artium Recordings.\nIn 2012, IDJMG became the number-one Rhythmic label, for having 7 number 1s, from Rihanna, Kanye West, Jay Z, Ne-Yo, and Justin Bieber.
/m/0209hj	Gandhi is a 1982 epic biographical film which dramatises the life of Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi, the leader of India's non-violent, non-cooperative independence movement against the United Kingdom's rule of the country during the 20th century. Gandhi was a collaboration of British and Indian production companies and was written by John Briley and produced and directed by Richard Attenborough. It stars Ben Kingsley in the titular role.\nThe film covers Gandhi's life from a defining moment in 1893, as he is thrown off a South African train for being in a whites-only compartment, and concludes with his assassination and funeral in 1948. Although a practising Hindu, Gandhi's embracing of other faiths, particularly Christianity and Islam, is also depicted.\nGandhi was released in India on 30 November 1982, in the United Kingdom on 3 December 1982, and in the United States on 6 December 1982. It was nominated for Academy Awards in eleven categories, winning eight, including Best Picture. Richard Attenborough won for Best Director, and Ben Kingsley for Best Actor.
/m/024_ql	Fußballclub Gelsenkirchen-Schalke 04 e. V., commonly known as FC Schalke 04, is a German association-football club originally from the Schalke district of Gelsenkirchen, North Rhine-Westphalia. Schalke has long been one of the most popular football teams in Germany, even though major successes have been rare since the club's heyday in the 1930s and early 1940s. Schalke play in the Bundesliga, the top tier of the German football league system. The football team is the biggest part of a large sports club with 119,040 members making it the second largest sports club in Germany. Other activities offered by the club include basketball, handball, and track and field.\nFounded in 1904, Schalke have won seven German championships, five DFB-Pokals, one DFL-Supercup, and one UEFA Cup.\nSince 2001, Schalke's stadium is the Veltins-Arena. Schalke holds a long-standing rivalry with Ruhr neighbors Borussia Dortmund, arguably the most widespread and well-known rivalry in German football, and matches between the two teams are referred to as the Revierderby. In terms of revenue, Schalke is the third biggest sports club in Germany and the fourteenth biggest football club in the world, generating €174.5 million in 2012. The mascot of the club is called Erwin. Schalke's motto is \"Wir leben dich\".
/m/070c93	Helen Jairag Richardson is an Indian film actress and dancer of Anglo-Burmese descent, working in Hindi films. She has appeared in over 500 films. She is often cited as the most popular dancer of the item number in her time. She was the inspiration for four films and a book.
/m/072192	A Place in the Sun is a 1951 American drama film based on the 1925 novel An American Tragedy by Theodore Dreiser and the play, also titled An American Tragedy. It tells the story of a working-class young man who is entangled with two women; one who works in his wealthy uncle's factory and the other a beautiful socialite. The novel had been filmed once before, as An American Tragedy, in 1931.\nA Place in the Sun was directed by George Stevens from a screenplay by Harry Brown and Michael Wilson, and stars Montgomery Clift, Elizabeth Taylor, and Shelley Winters; its supporting actors included Anne Revere, and Raymond Burr.\nThe film was a critical and commercial success, winning six Academy Awards and the first ever Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture – Drama. In 1991, A Place in the Sun was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant\".
/m/036n1	A geologist is a scientist who studies the solid and liquid matter that constitutes the Earth as well as the processes and history that have shaped it. Geologists usually engage in studying geology. Geologists, studying more of an applied science than a theoretical one, must approach Geology using physics, chemistry and biology as well as other sciences. Geologists, compared to scientists engaged in other fields, are generally more exposed to the outdoors than staying in laboratories; although some geologists prefer to perform most of their studies in the lab.\nGeologists are engaged in exploration for mining companies in search of metals, oils, and other Earth resources. They are also in the forefront of natural hazards and disasters warning and mitigation, studying earthquakes, volcanic activity, tsunamis, weather storms, and the like; their studies are used to warn the general public of the occurrence of these events. Currently, geologists are also engaged in the discussion of climate change, as they study the history and evidence for this Earth process.
/m/031q3w	Horace Mann School is an independent college preparatory school in New York City, founded in 1887. Horace Mann is a member of the Ivy Preparatory School League, educating students from all across the New York tri-state area from nursery school to the twelfth grade. The Upper, Middle, and Lower Divisions are located in Riverdale, a neighborhood of the Bronx, while the Nursery School is located in Manhattan. The John Dorr Nature Laboratory, a 275 acres campus in Washington Depot, Connecticut, serves as the school's outdoor and community education center. Tuition for the 2013-14 school year is $41,150 from nursery through twelfth grade, making it the second most expensive private school in New York City. Forbes ranked Horace Mann as the second best preparatory school in the country in 2010.
/m/063lqs	Hogan Sheffer is an American Daytime Emmy-winning screenwriter. During the WGA strike, he chose financial core status with the WGA and continued working.
/m/05g8n	Ninja Tune is a British independent record label founded by DJs Matt Black and Jonathan More, better known as Coldcut and managed by Peter Quicke.\nThe label was one of the first record labels in Britain to consistently embrace and release artists that create and perform new forms of electronic dance music since the 1990s, notably hip hop and breakbeat. The label now releases music of various genres and distributes other record labels, including Big Dada, Brainfeeder - Flying Lotus' label, Werkdiscs - Actress' label, Motion Audio and Counter Records. The label is also one of the radio stations in the video game Sleeping Dogs.
/m/03jl0_	ABS-CBN is a major commercial television network in the Philippines. It is the oldest and the leading television network in the country with an advertising revenue of ₱19 billion for the fiscal year 2012. It is a unit of the media conglomerate ABS-CBN Corporation. It was launched on 23 October 1953 under the name Alto Broadcasting System, and is among the first commercial television networks in Asia. Its headquarters are in Quezon City with regional offices and news bureaus in over 25 provincial areas throughout the country.\nThe flagship television station of ABS-CBN in Metro Manila is DWWX-TV while provincially, the network operates through its Regional Network Group of 25 originating stations, 38 relay stations and 8 affiliate television stations. Its programming is also available outside the Philippines as The Filipino Channel.
/m/041r51	In biochemistry and nutrition, monounsaturated fats or MUFA are fatty acids that have one double bond in the fatty acid chain and all of the remainder of the carbon atoms in the chain are single-bonded. By contrast, polyunsaturated fatty acids have more than one double bond.\nFatty acids are long-chained molecules having an alkyl group at one end and a carboxylic acid group at the other end. Fatty acid viscosity and melting temperature increases with decreasing number of double bonds; therefore, monounsaturated fatty acids have a higher melting point than polyunsaturated fatty acids and a lower melting point than saturated fatty acids. Monounsaturated fatty acids are liquids at room temperature and semisolid or solid when refrigerated.
/m/0fm3b5	The Goya Award for Best Picture is one of the Goya Awards, Spain's principal national film awards.\nIn the list below the winner of the award for each year is shown first, followed by the other nominees.
/m/06f32	Taiwan, officially the Republic of China, is a state in East Asia. Originally based in mainland China, the Republic of China now governs the island of Taiwan, which makes up over 99% of its territory, as well as Penghu, Kinmen, Matsu, and other minor islands. Neighboring states include the People's Republic of China to the west, Japan to the east and northeast, and the Philippines to the south. Taipei is the seat of the central government. New Taipei, encompassing the metropolitan area surrounding Taipei proper, is the most populous city.\nThe island of Taiwan was mainly inhabited by Taiwanese aborigines until the Dutch and Spanish settlement during the Age of Discovery in the 17th century, when ethnic Chinese began immigrating to the island. In 1662, Koxinga expelled the Dutch and established the Kingdom of Tungning. The Qing Dynasty of China later conquered Taiwan in 1683. By the time Taiwan was ceded to Japan in 1895, the majority of Taiwan's inhabitants were Han Chinese either by ancestry or by assimilation. The Republic of China was established in China in 1912. At the end of World War II in 1945, Japan surrendered Taiwan to ROC military forces on behalf of the Allies. Following the Chinese civil war, the Communist Party of China took full control of mainland China and founded the People's Republic of China in 1949. The ROC relocated its government to Taiwan, and its jurisdiction became limited to Taiwan and its surrounding islands. In 1971, the PRC assumed China's seat at the United Nations, which the ROC originally occupied. International recognition of the ROC has gradually eroded as most countries switched recognition to the PRC. Only 21 UN member states and the Holy See currently maintain formal diplomatic relations with the ROC, though it has informal ties with most other states via its representative offices.
/m/0f14q	Majel Barrett-Roddenberry was an American actress and producer. She is best known for her role as Nurse Christine Chapel in the original Star Trek series, Lwaxana Troi on Star Trek: The Next Generation and Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, and for being the voice of most onboard computer interfaces throughout the series. She was also the wife of Star Trek creator Gene Roddenberry.\nAs the wife of Roddenberry and given her ongoing relationship with Star Trek—participating in some way in every series during her lifetime—she was sometimes referred to as \"the First Lady of Star Trek\". She and Gene Roddenberry were married in Japan on August 6, 1969, after the cancellation of the original Star Trek series. They had one son together, Eugene \"Rod\" Roddenberry, Jr., born in 1974.
/m/02qjj7	Dean George Cain is an American actor. He is most widely known for his role as Clark Kent / Superman in the popular American television series Lois & Clark: The New Adventures of Superman.
/m/02725hs	Captain Corelli's Mandolin is a 2001 film directed by John Madden and based on the novel of the same name by Louis de Bernières. It stars Nicolas Cage and Penélope Cruz.
/m/0fl2s	Kochi, also known as Cochin, is a major port city on the west coast of India by the Arabian Sea and is part of the district of Ernakulam in the state of Kerala. Kochi is often called by the name Ernakulam, which refers to the mainland part of the city.\nThe city of Kochi is the most densely populated city in the state and is part of an extended metropolitan region, which is the largest urban agglomeration in Kerala. Kochi city is also a part of the Greater Cochin region and is classified as a B-1 grade city by the Government of India, making it the highest graded city in Kerala. The civic body that governs the city is the Corporation of Cochin, which was constituted in the year 1967, and the statutory bodies that oversee its development are the Greater Cochin Development Authority and the Goshree Islands Development Authority.\nHeralded as the Queen of the Arabian Sea, Kochi was an important spice trading centre on the west coast of India from the 14th century. Occupied by the Portuguese Empire in 1503, Kochi was the first of the European colonies in colonial India. It remained the main seat of Portuguese India until 1530, when Goa was chosen instead. The city was later occupied by the Dutch and the British, with the Kingdom of Cochin becoming a princely state.
/m/07ylj	Venezuela, officially called the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela, is a country on the northern coast of South America. Venezuela's territory covers around 916,445 square kilometres with an estimated population of approximately 29,100,000. Venezuela is considered a state with extremely high biodiversity, with habitats ranging from the Andes mountains in the west to the Amazon Basin rainforest in the south, via extensive llanos plains and Caribbean coast in the center and the Orinoco River Delta in the east.\nVenezuela was colonized by Spain in 1522 despite resistance from indigenous peoples. It became one of the first Spanish American colonies to declare independence but did not securely establish independence until 1821. During the 19th century Venezuela suffered political turmoil and dictatorship, and it was dominated by regional caudillos well into the 20th century. The country has had democratic governments since 1958; before that, like most countries of Latin America, it suffered some coups and military dictatorships. Economic shocks in the 1980s and 1990s led to a political crisis causing hundreds of deaths in the Caracazo riots of 1989, two attempted coups in 1992, and the impeachment of President Carlos Andrés Pérez for embezzlement of public funds in 1993. A collapse in confidence in the existing parties saw the 1998 election of former career officer Hugo Chávez and the launch of the Bolivarian Revolution, beginning with a 1999 Constituent Assembly to write a new Constitution of Venezuela.
/m/010v8k	Spokane is a city located in the Northwestern United States in the state of Washington. It is the largest city of Spokane County of which it is also the county seat, and the metropolitan center of the Inland Northwest region. It is also the fourth largest city in the Pacific Northwest region, after Seattle, Vancouver, and Portland. Spokane is also the largest city between Seattle and Minneapolis. The city is located on the Spokane River in Eastern Washington, 92 miles south of the Canadian border, approximately 20 miles from the Washington–Idaho border, 232 miles east of Seattle, and 1,378 miles west of Minneapolis.\nDavid Thompson explored the Spokane area and began European settlement with the westward expansion and establishment of the North West Company's Spokane House in 1810. This trading post was the first long-term European settlement in Washington and the center of the fur trade between the Rockies and the Cascades for 16 years. In the late 19th century, gold and silver were discovered in the Inland Northwest. The Spokane area is considered to be one of the most productive mining districts in North America. Spokane's economy has traditionally been based on natural resources, being a center for mining, timber, and agriculture; however, the city's economy has diversified to include other industries, including the high-tech and biotech sectors. Spokane is known as the birthplace of Father's Day, hosted the first environmentally themed World's Fair, Expo '74, and is home to Gonzaga University and Whitworth University.
/m/034q3l	Martin Henry Balsam was an American actor. He is known for his Oscar-winning role as Arnold Burns in A Thousand Clowns and his role as private investigator Milton Arbogast in Psycho.
/m/03nnm4t	The 60th Annual Primetime Emmy Awards was held on Sunday, September 21, 2008, at the newly opened Nokia Theatre in Los Angeles, California. They were hosted by Tom Bergeron, Heidi Klum, Howie Mandel, Jeff Probst, and Ryan Seacrest and televised in the United States on ABC.\nThe nominees were announced on July 17 by nominees Kristin Chenoweth and Neil Patrick Harris and Academy president John Schaffley.The Creative Arts Awards was held eight days earlier at the same venue. They were hosted by Neil Patrick Harris and Sarah Chalke.\nThe telecast was viewed by 12.20 million with a household rating of 8.86/12.79 making it the lowest rated and least viewed ceremony in its televised history. Many critics cited lackluster performances from the five hosts as a reason for the huge decline. Others pointed to the field of nominees which were dominated by low-rated and sparsely viewed programs, thus making the Emmys widely considered as a bust, which was panned by critics as \"... the worst ever, laid a big, fat ratings egg as well ...\"\nWhen TV Guide Network re-did their \"25 Biggest TV Blunders\" list in 2011, the ceremony was included.
/m/046gm5	Borjigin, Mongolian script: Borjigit, also known as the Altan urug, were the imperial clan of Genghis Khan and his successors.\nThe Mongolian Borjigin clan is the most renowned family clan in Eurasia. The senior Borjigids provided ruling princes for Mongolia and Inner Mongolia until the 20th century. The clan formed the ruling class among the Mongols some other peoples of Central Asia and Eastern Europe. Today, the Borjigid are found in most of Mongolia, Inner Mongolia and Xinjiang.
/m/01gssm	The Thirteenth United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, consisting of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, D.C. from March 4, 1813 to March 4, 1815, during the fifth and sixth years of James Madison's presidency. The apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives was based on the Third Census of the United States in 1810. Both chambers had a Democratic-Republican majority.
/m/064t9	Pop music is a genre of popular music which originated in its modern form in the 1950s, deriving from rock and roll. The terms \"popular music\" and \"pop music\" are often used interchangeably, even though the former is a description of music which is popular.\nAs a genre, pop music is very eclectic, often borrowing elements from other styles including urban, dance, rock, Latin and country; nonetheless, there are core elements which define pop. Such include generally short-to-medium length songs, written in a basic format, as well as the common employment of repeated choruses, melodic tunes, and catchy hooks.\nSo-called \"pure pop\" music, such as power pop, features all these elements, using electric guitars, drums and bass for instrumentation; in the case of such music, the main goal is usually that of being pleasurable to listen to, rather than having much artistic depth. Pop music is generally thought of as a genre which is commercially recorded and desires to have a mass audience appeal.
/m/02ntb8	Starsky & Hutch is a 2004 American crime action comedy film directed by Todd Phillips. The film stars Ben Stiller as David Starsky and Owen Wilson as Ken \"Hutch\" Hutchinson and is a film adaptation of the original television series of the same name from the 1970s.\nTwo streetwise undercover cops in the fictional city of Bay City, California in 1975, bust drug criminals with the help of underworld boss, Huggy Bear. The film functions as a sort of prequel to the TV series, as it portrays when Starsky was first partnered with Hutchinson. The film also switches the personalities of the title characters. While in the TV show, Starsky was curious and streetwise, and Hutch was by-the-book, in the film, Starsky is the serious cop, and Hutch is laid-back. There are four Frat Pack members in this film, although not all are in major roles.\nThe exterior of the Metropolitan Courthouse at 1945 S. Hill St. in Los Angeles was used as the Bay City Police Headquarters.
/m/01rng	County Mayo is a county in Ireland. It is located in the West Region, and it is also part of the province of Connacht. It is named after the village of Mayo, which is now generally known as Mayo Abbey. Mayo County Council is the local authority for the county. The population of the county is 130,638 according to the 2011 census. The boundaries of the county, which was formed in 1585, reflect the Mac William Íochtar lordship at that time.
/m/0ddfph	Himani Bhatt Shivpuri is an Indian actress, known for her supportive roles in Bollywood films and Hindi soap operas.
/m/0ck91	Jane Seymour, OBE is an English actress best known for her performances in the James Bond film Live and Let Die, Somewhere In Time, East of Eden, Onassis: The Richest Man in the World, War and Remembrance, the 1989 political thriller La Révolution française as the ill-fated queen Marie Antoinette, Wedding Crashers, and the American television series Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman. She has earned an Emmy Award, two Golden Globe Awards, and a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. She was made an officer of the Order of the British Empire in 2000.
/m/01wx7k	The ECHL is a mid-level professional ice hockey league based in Princeton, New Jersey with teams scattered across the United States. It is generally regarded as a tier below the American Hockey League.\nThe ECHL and the AHL are the only minor leagues recognized by the collective bargaining agreement between the National Hockey League and the National Hockey League Players' Association, meaning any player signed to an entry-level NHL contract and designated for assignment must report to a club in either the AHL or the ECHL. Additionally, the league's players are represented by the Professional Hockey Players' Association in negotiations with the ECHL itself.\n26 of the 30 National Hockey League teams have affiliations with the ECHL, and 528 players have advanced from the ECHL to play in the NHL.\nBuffalo, Colorado and Philadelphia have no affiliations with the ECHL at the start of the 2013-14 season. San Jose is now also without an affiliate after the San Francisco Bulls ceased operations on Jan. 27, 2014.\nThe current ECHL Champion is the Reading Royals.
/m/02l_7y	Stephen James \"Steve\" Howe is an English musician, songwriter and backing vocalist, best known as the guitarist of the progressive rock group Yes. He has also been a member of The Syndicats, Bodast, Tomorrow, Asia and GTR, as well as having released 19 solo albums as of 2010.
/m/05hwn	Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, formerly called North-West Frontier Province and several other names, is one of the four provinces of Pakistan, located in the north-west of the country. It borders the Federally Administered Tribal Areas to the west and south, Gilgit–Baltistan to the north-east, Azad Kashmir to the east, Punjab and the Islamabad Capital Territory to the south-east, and Afghanistan to the north-west. The province of Balochistan is located southwards.The provincial capital and largest city is Peshawar.
/m/01y2mq	Crunk or krunk is a music style that originated in Memphis, Tennessee in the early 1990s and gained mainstream success around 2003–04. Performers of crunk music are sometimes referred to as \"crunksters\". Crunk is often up-tempo signifies one of southern hip hop's more club oriented sub genres. An archetypal crunk track most frequently uses a drum machine rhythm, heavy bassline, and shouting vocals, often in a call and response manner. The term \"crunk\" is also used as a blanket term to denote any style of Southern hip hop, a side effect of the genre's breakthrough to the mainstream. The word derives from a slang past-tense form, \"crunk\", of the verb \"to crank\", but has also been popularly assumed to mean \"crazy drunk\", after association with Crunk Juice, a brand of strong alcoholic beverage associated with the music genre.
/m/09_bl	Short track speed skating is a form of competitive ice speed skating. In competitions, multiple skaters skate on an oval ice track with a circumference of 111.12 m. The rink itself is 60 m by 30 m, which is the same size as an international-sized ice hockey rink.
/m/01gssz	The Fourteenth United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, consisting of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in the Old Brick Capitol in Washington, D.C. from March 4, 1815 to March 4, 1817, during the seventh and eighth years of James Madison's presidency. The apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives was based on the Third Census of the United States in 1810. Both chambers had a Democratic-Republican majority.
/m/0htww	The Caine Mutiny is a 1954 American drama film set during World War II, directed by Edward Dmytryk and produced by Stanley Kramer. It stars Humphrey Bogart, José Ferrer, Van Johnson and Fred MacMurray, and is based on the 1951 Pulitzer Prize-winning novel by Herman Wouk The Caine Mutiny. The film depicts a mutiny aboard a fictitious World War II U.S. Navy destroyer minesweeper, the USS Caine, and the subsequent court-martial of two officers.\nThe film received Oscar nominations for Best Picture, Best Actor, Best Supporting Actor, Best Screenplay, Best Sound Recording, Best Film Editing, and Best Dramatic Score. It was the second highest-grossing film in the United States in 1954.\nDmytryk was nominated for a Directors Guild Award for Outstanding Directorial Achievement in Motion Pictures.
/m/035ktt	The University of New Orleans, often referred to locally as UNO, is a medium-sized public urban university located on the New Orleans Lakefront within New Orleans, Louisiana, United States. It is a member of the University of Louisiana System and the Urban 13 association. In the fall of 2011 the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Colleges gave approval for the University of New Orleans to join the University of Louisiana System, concluding the five-month transition from the LSU System since ACT 419 of the 2011 Louisiana Legislative Regular Session was signed into law in July 2011. Soon after the transition was approved, the UNO Presidential Search Committee selected UNO alumnus Dr. Peter J. Fos as president.
/m/02p0zzf	The United States Army Air Corps was the statutory forerunner of the United States Air Force. Renamed from the Air Service on 2 July 1926, it was part of the United States Army and the immediate predecessor of the United States Army Air Forces, established on June 20, 1941. Although abolished as an administrative echelon in 1942, the Air Corps remained as one of the combat arms of the Army until 1947.\nThe Air Corps was renamed by the United States Congress largely as a compromise between advocates of a separate air arm and those of the Army high command who viewed the aviation arm as an auxiliary branch to support the ground forces. Although its members worked to promote the concept of airpower and an autonomous air force between 1926 and 1941, its primary purpose by Army policy remained support of ground forces rather than independent operations.\nOn 1 March 1935, still struggling with the issue of a separate air arm, the Army activated the General Headquarters Air Force for centralized control of aviation combat units within the continental United States, separate from but coordinate with the Air Corps. The separation of the Air Corps from control of its combat units caused problems of unity of command that became more acute as the Air Corps enlarged in preparation for World War II. This was resolved by the creation of the Army Air Forces on 20 June 1941, when both organizations became subordinate to the new higher echelon.
/m/02yxjs	Northern Illinois University is a public research university located in DeKalb, Illinois, United States, with satellite centers in Hoffman Estates, Naperville, Rockford, and Oregon. It was originally founded as Northern Illinois State Normal School on May 22, 1895, by Illinois Governor John P. Altgeld as part of an expansion of the state's system for producing college educated teachers. Douglas Baker was named the university's twelfth president in May, 2013.\nThe university is composed of seven degree-granting colleges and has a student body of 25,000 with over 225,000 alumni. Many of NIU's programs are nationally accredited for meeting high standards of academic quality, including business, engineering, nursing, visual and performing arts, and all teacher certification programs. It is one of only two public universities in Illinois that compete in the National Collegiate Athletic Association at the highest levels of all sports, Division I. NIU's athletic teams are known as the Huskies and compete in the Mid-American Conference.
/m/05b6s5j	WWE Superstars is a professional wrestling television program produced by WWE that originally aired on WGN America in the United States and is broadcast on the WWE Network. It debuted on April 16, 2009 and ended its domestic broadcasting on April 7, 2011. After the final domestic TV broadcast the show moved to an internet broadcast format while maintaining a traditional television broadcast in international markets. The show features mid-to-low card WWE superstars and divas, in a format similar to the former show WWE Heat which served the same purpose. Big names such as John Cena and Randy Orton previously appeared on the show at its beginning. The show also previously featured talent from the now-defunct ECW brand.
/m/01j5sd	Gabriel James Byrne is an Irish actor, film director, film producer, writer, cultural ambassador and audiobook narrator. His acting career began in the Focus Theatre before he joined London's Royal Court Theatre in 1979. Byrne's screen debut came in the Irish soap opera The Riordans and the spin-off show Bracken. He has now starred in over 35 feature films, such as The Usual Suspects, Miller's Crossing, Stigmata and End of Days, in addition to writing two. Byrne's producing credits include the Academy Award–nominated In the Name of the Father. More recently, he has received much critical acclaim for his role as Dr. Paul Weston in the HBO drama In Treatment.
/m/01ln5z	The Mummy is a 1999 American adventure film written and directed by Stephen Sommers and starring Brendan Fraser, Rachel Weisz, John Hannah and Kevin J. O'Connor, with Arnold Vosloo in the title role as the reanimated mummy. It is a loose remake of the 1932 film of the same name which starred Boris Karloff in the title role. Originally intended to be part of a low-budget horror series, the movie was eventually turned into a blockbuster adventure film.\nFilming began in Marrakech, Morocco, on May 4, 1998, and lasted seventeen weeks; the crew had to endure dehydration, sandstorms, and snakes while filming in the Sahara. The visual effects were provided by Industrial Light & Magic, who blended film and computer-generated imagery to create the titular Mummy. Jerry Goldsmith provided the orchestral score.\nThe Mummy opened on May 7, 1999, and grossed $43 million in 3,210 theaters during its opening weekend in the United States; the movie went on to gross $416 million worldwide. The box-office success led to a 2001 sequel, The Mummy Returns, as well as The Mummy: The Animated Series, and the spin-off film The Scorpion King. Seven years later, the third installment, The Mummy: Tomb of the Dragon Emperor, opened on August 1, 2008. Universal Pictures also opened a roller coaster, Revenge of the Mummy, in 2004. Novelizations of the movie and its sequels were written by Max Allan Collins.
/m/01f38z	Woodlawn Cemetery is one of the largest cemeteries in New York City and is a designated National Historic Landmark.\nA rural cemetery located in the northern New York City borough of The Bronx, it opened in 1863, in what was then southern Westchester County, in an area that was later annexed to New York City in 1874.\nThe Cemetery covers more than 400 acres and is the resting place for more than 300,000 people. It is also the site of the \"Annie Bliss Titanic Memorial\", dedicated to those who perished in the 1912 maritime disaster. Built on rolling hills, its tree-lined roads lead to some unique memorials, some designed by famous American architects: McKim, Mead & White, John Russell Pope, James Gamble Rogers, Cass Gilbert, Carrère and Hastings, Sir Edwin Lutyens, Beatrix Jones Farrand, and John LaFarge.\nThe cemetery contains seven British Commonwealth war graves - six officers of the British Army of World War I and an airman of the Royal Canadian Air Force of World War II.\nAs of 2007, plot prices at Woodlawn were reported as $200 per square foot, $4,800 for a gravesite for two, and up to $1.5 million for land to build a family mausoleum.\nIn 2011, Woodlawn Cemetery was designated a National Historic Landmark, since it shows the transition from the rural cemetery popular at the time of its establishment to the more orderly 20th-century cemetery style.
/m/025tmkg	An accountant is a practitioner of accounting or accountancy, which is the measurement, disclosure or provision of assurance about financial information that helps managers, investors, tax authorities and others make decisions about allocating resources.\nIn many jurisdictions, professional accounting bodies maintain standards of practice and evaluations for professionals. Accountants who have demonstrated competency through their professional associations' certification exams are certified to use titles such as Chartered Accountant or Certified Public Accountant. Such professionals are granted certain responsibilities by statute, such as the ability to certify an organization's financial statements, and may be held liable for professional misconduct. Non-qualified accountants may be employed by a qualified accountant, or may work independently without statutory privileges and obligations.\nThe Big Four auditors are the largest employers of accountants worldwide. However, most accountants are employed in commerce, industry and the public sector.
/m/050fh	Manchester United Football Club is an English professional football club, based in Old Trafford, Greater Manchester, that plays in the Premier League. Founded as Newton Heath LYR Football Club in 1878, the club changed its name to Manchester United in 1902 and moved to Old Trafford in 1910.\nManchester United have won twenty League titles, a record eleven FA Cups, four League Cups, and twenty FA Community Shields. The club has also won three European Cups, one UEFA Cup Winners' Cup, one UEFA Super Cup, one Intercontinental Cup, and one FIFA Club World Cup. In 1998–99, the club won a continental treble of the Premier League, the FA Cup and the UEFA Champions League, an unprecedented feat for an English club.\nThe 1958 Munich air disaster claimed the lives of eight players. In 1968, under the management of Matt Busby, Manchester United was the first English football club to win the European Cup. Alex Ferguson won 28 major honours, and 38 in total, from November 1986 to May 2013, when he announced his retirement after 26 years at the club. Fellow Scot David Moyes was appointed as his replacement on 9 May 2013.\nManchester United is the third-richest football club in the world for 2011–12 in terms of revenue, with an annual revenue of €395.9 million, and the second most valuable sports team in 2013, valued at $3.165 billion. It is one of the most widely supported football teams in the world. After being floated on the London Stock Exchange in 1991, the club was purchased by Malcolm Glazer in May 2005 in a deal valuing the club at almost £800 million. In August 2012, Manchester United made an initial public offering on the New York Stock Exchange.
/m/06mxs	Stockholm is the capital of Sweden. Stockholm is the most populous city in Sweden and Scandinavia, with 881,235 people living in the municipality and a total population of 2,127,006 in the metropolitan area, accounting for 22% of the Swedish population in 2012. Stockholm is an important global city, placed in the \"alpha-\" category by the GaWC, and ranked 27th in the world, 12th in Europe and first in Scandinavia by the Global Cities Index in 2012. In 2013, Stockholm was named the 8th most competitive city in the world by the Economist Intelligence Unit.\nFounded in c. 1250, possibly as early as 1187, Stockholm has long been one of Sweden's cultural, media, political, and economic centres. Its strategic location spread across 14 islands on the coast in the south-east of Sweden at the mouth of Lake Mälaren, by the Stockholm archipelago, has been historically important. The city is known for its beauty, its buildings and architecture, its abundant clean and open water, and its many parks.\nStockholm is the seat of the Government of Sweden and most government agencies, including the highest courts in the Judiciary, and the official residencies of the Swedish monarch and the Prime Minister. The Government has its seat in the Rosenbad building, the Riksdag is seated in the Parliament House, and the Prime Minister's residence is adjacent at the Sager House. The Stockholm Palace is the official residence and principal workplace of the Swedish monarch, while the Drottningholm Palace, a World Heritage Site on the outskirts of Stockholm, serves as the Royal Family's private residence.
/m/06f3l	Rugby league football, usually called rugby league, is a full contact sport played by two teams of thirteen players on a rectangular field. One of the two codes of rugby football, it originated in England in 1895 as a split from the Rugby Football Union over the issue of payments to players. Its rules gradually changed with the purpose of producing a faster, more entertaining game for spectators. It is frequently cited as the toughest, most physically demanding of team sports.\nIn rugby league points are scored by carrying or kicking the ball down the field, until it can be moved past the opponents' designated goal line and touched to the ground; this is called a try, and is the primary method of scoring. The opposing team attempts to stop the attacking side gaining points by preventing their progress up the field by tackling the player carrying the ball. In addition to tries, points can be scored by kicking goals. After each try, the scoring team gains a free kick to try at goal with a conversion for further points. Kicks at goal may also be awarded for penalties, and field goals can be attempted at any time during general play.\nRugby league is among the most popular sports in England, Australia, New Zealand, France, Tonga and Papua New Guinea where it is the national sport. The European Super League and Australasian NRL are the premier club competitions. Rugby league is played internationally, predominantly by European, Australasian and Pacific countries, and is governed by the Rugby League International Federation. The current World Cup holders are Australia.
/m/058s57	Carrie Marie Underwood is an American country music singer, songwriter, and actress. She rose to fame as the winner of the fourth season of American Idol in 2005. Underwood has since become a multi-platinum selling recording artist, a winner of six Grammy Awards, sixteen Billboard Music Awards, seven American Music Awards and ten Academy of Country Music Awards, among several others. As a songwriter, she has been nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song. Underwood is also a two-time winner of the Academy of Country Music Entertainer of the Year award and the first woman to win such an award twice. Underwood was inducted into and became a member of the Grand Ole Opry in 2008. She was also inducted into the Oklahoma Music Hall of Fame in 2009.\nHer debut album, Some Hearts, was released in 2005. Bolstered by the huge crossover success of the singles \"Before He Cheats\" and \"Jesus, Take the Wheel\", it went on to become the fastest selling debut country album in Nielsen SoundScan history, the best-selling solo female debut album in country music history and the best-selling country album of the last ten years. Underwood won three Grammy Awards for the album, including Best New Artist. Her second album, Carnival Ride, was released in 2007, with one of the biggest opening weeks by a female artist in history, and later earned Underwood two Grammy Awards, for the singles \"Last Name\" and \"I Told You So\". Released in 2009, her third album, Play On, was led by the success of its first single, \"Cowboy Casanova\", and finished the year as the second top-selling release by a female artist. 2012's Blown Away, her fourth album, was ranked the second best-selling release of the year by a female artist. She won a Grammy Award for the album's song \"Blown Away\". With her strong album and single sales, and $100 million in tour revenues, Underwood is the biggest American Idol earner, the highest-ranked American Idol alumni on the RIAA's Top Digital Artists of all time list and the fourth biggest album seller of the past ten years. She has sold more than 30 million singles and 16 million albums worldwide.
/m/0dz96	A magician is a practitioner of magic that has the ability to attain objectives or acquire knowledge wisdom using supernatural means.\nSome modern magicians, such as Aleister Crowley and those who follow the traditions of the Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn and Ordo Templi Orientis, describe magic in rational terms, using definitions, postulates and theorems. Aleister Crowley said \"the magician of the future will use mathematical formulas\".\nThe paranormal kind of magician can also be referred to as an enchanter, wizard, mage, magus, or thaumaturgist. These overlapping terms may be distinguished by some traditions or some writers. When such distinctions are made, sorcerers are more often practitioners of evocations or black magic, and there may be variations on level and type of power associated with each name.\nSome names, distinctions, or aspects may have more of a negative connotation than others, depending on the setting and the context.
/m/0ktds	A gang is a group of recurrently associating individuals or close friends with identifiable leadership and internal organization, identifying with or claiming control over territory in a community, and engaging either individually or collectively in violent or other forms of illegal behavior. Some criminal gang members are \"jumped in\" or have to prove their loyalty by committing acts such as theft or violence. Although gangs exist internationally, there is a greater level of study and knowledgeable information of gangs specifically in the United States. A member of a gang is called a gangster.
/m/055hc	Lesser Poland Voivodeship, also known as Małopolska Voivodeship or Małopolska Province, is a voivodeship, in southern Poland. It has an area of 15,108 square kilometres, and a population of 3,267,731.\nIt was created on 1 January 1999 out of the former Kraków, Tarnów, Nowy Sącz and parts of Bielsko-Biała, Katowice, Kielce and Krosno Voivodeships, pursuant to the Polish local government reforms adopted in 1998. The province's name recalls the traditional name of a historic Polish region, Lesser Poland, or in Polish: Małopolska. Current Lesser Poland Voivodeship, however, covers only small part of the broader ancient Małopolska region which, together with Greater Poland and Silesia, formed the early medieval Polish state. Historic Lesser Poland is much larger than the current province. It stretches far north, to Radom, and Siedlce, also including such cities, as Stalowa Wola, Lublin, Kielce, Częstochowa, and Sosnowiec.\nThe province is bounded on the north by the Świętokrzyskie Mountains, on the west by Jura Krakowsko-Częstochowska, and on the south by the Tatra, Pieniny and Beskidy Mountains. Politically it is bordered by Silesian Voivodeship to the west, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship to the north, Subcarpathian Voivodeship to the east, and Slovakia to the south.
/m/03ylxn	The Nigeria national football team, nicknamed Super Eagles or previously Green Eagles, is the national team representing Nigeria and is controlled by the Nigeria Football Federation. During April 1994, Super Eagles ranked 5th in the FIFA World Rankings, the highest ranking achieved by an African football team. They are the current Africa Cup of Nations champions. They have won the Africa Cup of Nations a total of 3 times, and have reached the FIFA World Cup round of 16 twice. They have qualified for five of the last six World Cups, with their first appearance coming in the United States in 1994.
/m/01gf5h	Christopher John Boyle, professionally known as Chris Cornell, is an American rock musician and singer-songwriter, best known as the lead vocalist and rhythm guitarist for Soundgarden and as the former lead vocalist for Audioslave. He is also known for his numerous solo works and soundtrack contributions since 1991, in addition to being the founder and frontman for Temple of the Dog, the one-off tribute band dedicated to his former roommate, Andrew Wood. Cornell is known both for his extensive catalog as a songwriter and for his 4 octave vocal range as well as his powerful vocal belting technique. He has released three solo studio albums, Euphoria Morning, Carry On, Scream, and live album Songbook. Cornell was ranked 4th in the list of \"Heavy Metal's All-Time Top 100 Vocalists\" by Hit Parader, 9th in the list of 'Best Lead Singers Of All Time' by Rolling Stone, 12th in \"MTV's 22 Greatest Voices in Music\" and was voted \"Rock's Greatest Singer\" by readers of Guitar World. He performed the theme song to the James Bond film Casino Royale, \"You Know My Name.\"
/m/025sf0_	Sodium is a chemical element with the symbol Na and atomic number 11. It is a soft, silver-white, highly reactive metal and is a member of the alkali metals; its only stable isotope is ²³Na. The free metal does not occur in nature, but instead must be prepared from its compounds; it was first isolated by Humphry Davy in 1807 by the electrolysis of sodium hydroxide. Sodium is the sixth most abundant element in the Earth's crust, and exists in numerous minerals such as feldspars, sodalite and rock salt. Many salts of sodium are highly water-soluble, and their sodium has been leached by the action of water so that sodium and chlorine are the most common dissolved elements by weight in the Earth's bodies of oceanic water.\nMany sodium compounds are useful, such as sodium hydroxide for soap-making, and sodium chloride for use as a de-icing agent and a nutrient. Sodium is an essential element for all animals and some plants. In animals, sodium ions are used against potassium ions to build up charges on cell membranes, allowing transmission of nerve impulses when the charge is dissipated. The consequent need of animals for sodium causes it to be classified as a dietary inorganic macro-mineral.
/m/07z1_q	Kathryn Joosten was an American television actress best known for her regular role as Karen McCluskey in Desperate Housewives, for which she won two Emmy Awards, and for her recurring role in The West Wing as Delores Landingham.
/m/0g3cw	Hiroshima is the capital of Hiroshima Prefecture, and the largest city in the Chūgoku region of western Honshu, the largest island of Japan. It is best known as the first city in history to be targeted by a nuclear weapon when the United States Army Air Forces dropped an atomic bomb on it at 8:15 a.m. on August 6, 1945, near the end of World War II. The city's name, 広島, means \"Wide Island\" in Japanese.\nHiroshima gained city status on April 1, 1889. On April 1, 1980, Hiroshima became a designated city. Kazumi Matsui has been the city's mayor since April 2011.
/m/025scjj	Julius Caesar is a 1953 MGM film adaptation of the play by Shakespeare, directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz, who also wrote the uncredited screenplay, and produced by John Houseman. The original music score is by Miklós Rózsa. The film stars Marlon Brando as Mark Antony, James Mason as Brutus, John Gielgud as Cassius, Louis Calhern as Julius Caesar, Edmond O'Brien as Casca, Greer Garson as Calpurnia, and Deborah Kerr as Portia.
/m/021lkq	High Barnet or Chipping Barnet is an area in the London Borough of Barnet, England, United Kingdom. It is a suburban development built around a twelfth-century settlement and is located 10 miles north north-west of Charing Cross. Its name is very often abbreviated to Barnet, which is also the name of the London Borough of which it forms a part. Chipping Barnet is the name of the Parliamentary constituency covering the local area - the word \"Chipping\" denotes the presence of a market. Barnet belonged to the County of Hertfordshire until 1965, when under the London Government Act 1963, East Barnet Urban District and Barnet Urban District were abolished and their area was transferred to Greater London to form part of the present-day London Borough of Barnet.
/m/01w272y	Raphael Saadiq is an American singer, songwriter, musician, guitarist, and record producer. Saadiq has been a standard bearer for \"old school\" R&B since his early days as a member of the multiplatinum group Tony! Toni! Toné! He also produced songs of such artists as TLC, Joss Stone, D'Angelo, Mary J. Blige, and John Legend.\nHe and D'Angelo were occasional members of The Ummah, a music production collective, composed of members Q-Tip and Ali Shaheed Muhammad of A Tribe Called Quest, and J Dilla of the Detroit-based group Slum Village.\nSaadiq's critically acclaimed album, The Way I See It, released on September 16, 2008, featuring artists Stevie Wonder, Joss Stone, and Jay-Z, received three Grammy Award Nominations and was voted Best Album on iTunes of 2008. His fourth studio album, Stone Rollin', was released on March 25, 2011. For the album, Saadiq worked with steel guitarist Robert Randolph; former Earth, Wind & Fire keyboardist Larry Dunn; Swedish/Japanese indie rock singer Yukimi Nagano; Funk legend Larry Graham plus soul newcomer Taura 'Aura Jackson' Stinson.\nMusic critic Robert Christgau has called Saadiq the \"preeminent R&B artist of the '90s\".
/m/02j416	Georgia State University is a public research university in downtown Atlanta, Georgia, USA. Founded in 1913, it is one of the University System of Georgia's four research universities. It has a student population of 32,022, including 24,096 undergraduates.\nGeorgia State University offers more than 250 undergraduate and graduate degree programs spread across eight academic colleges with around 3,500 faculty members. Georgia State University is a part of the University System of Georgia and is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools. GSU is a commuter school with 61% of first-year students living on-campus and 17% of all undergraduates living on campus. Approximately 27% of the student population is considered part-time while 73% of the population is considered full-time. The university is classified as a 'Research University/Very High Activity', according to the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching. Since its inception, 192,785 degrees have been conferred, with 6,737 of them conferred during fiscal year 2011. The university has a full-time faculty count of 1,142, with 69 percent of those faculty members either tenured or on tenure track.
/m/03zrp	Ira Gershwin was an American lyricist who collaborated with his younger brother, composer George Gershwin, to create some of the most memorable songs of the 20th century.\nWith George he wrote more than a dozen Broadway shows, featuring songs such as \"I Got Rhythm\", \"Embraceable You\", \"The Man I Love\" and \"Someone to Watch Over Me\". He was also responsible, along with DuBose Heyward, for the libretto to George's opera Porgy and Bess.\nThe success the brothers had with their collaborative works has often overshadowed the creative role that Ira played. However, his mastery of songwriting continued after the early death of George. He wrote additional hit songs with composers Jerome Kern, Kurt Weill and Harold Arlen.\nHis critically acclaimed book Lyrics on Several Occasions of 1959, an amalgam of autobiography and annotated anthology, is an important source for studying the art of the lyricist in the golden age of American popular song.
/m/025hl8	Ovarian cancer is a cancerous growth arising from the ovary. Symptoms are frequently very subtle early on and may include: bloating, pelvic pain, difficulty eating and frequent urination, and are easily confused with other illnesses.\nMost ovarian cancers are classified as \"epithelial\" and are believed to arise from the surface of the ovary. However, some evidence suggests that the fallopian tube could also be the source of some ovarian cancers. Since the ovaries and tubes are closely related to each other, it is thought that these fallopian cancer cells can mimic ovarian cancer. Other types may arise from the egg cells or supporting cells. Ovarian cancers are included in the category gynecologic cancer.
/m/059gkk	Frank Vincent Gattuso, known professionally as Frank Vincent, is an American actor, musician, author and entrepreneur. He is a favorite performer of director Martin Scorsese, having played important roles in three of Scorsese's most acclaimed films: Raging Bull, Goodfellas and Casino. He has also lent his voice talents to video games, most noticeably as Salvatore Leone, the head of the Leone crime family, in the Grand Theft Auto series . He played the New York City boss Phil Leotardo in the HBO series The Sopranos.
/m/02kmx6	Mary-Ellis Bunim was an American television producer and co-creator of MTV's The Real World and Road Rules.
/m/0dpqk	Eric Idle is an English comedian, actor, author, singer, writer and comedic composer. Idle was a member of the English surreal comedy group Monty Python, a member of the Rutles on Saturday Night Live, and the author of the Broadway musical Spamalot.
/m/0ftccy	The Purdue Boilermakers football team team represents Purdue University in the NCAA Football Bowl Subdivision of college football. Darrell Hazell is Purdue's current head coach, the 35th in the program's history. Purdue plays its home games on Ross-Ade Stadium on the campus of Purdue University in West Lafayette, Indiana. The Boilermakers compete in the Big Ten Conference as a member of the Leaders Division. In 2014, the Big Ten will realign, and Purdue will be joining the West Division.\nWith a 593–526–48 record at the conclusion of the 2013 season, Purdue has the 45th most victories among NCAA FBS programs. Purdue was originally classified as a Major College school in the 1937 season until 1972. Purdue received Division I classification in 1973, becoming a Division I-A program from 1978 to 2006 and an FBS program from 2006 to the present. The Boilermakers have registered 64 winning seasons in their history, with 19 of those seasons resulting in eight victories or more, 10 seasons resulting in at least nine wins, and just one season with ten victories or more. Of those successful campaigns, Purdue has produced five unbeaten seasons in its history, going 4–0 in 1891, 8–0 in 1892, 8–0 in 1929, 7–0–1 in 1932 and 9–0 in 1943. The Boilermakers have won a total of 12 conference championships in their history, including four Indiana Intercollegiate Athletic Association titles and eight Big Ten Conference titles.
/m/0338g8	Craig Theodore Nelson is an American actor. He is best known for his Emmy-winning role as Hayden Fox on the TV series Coach, Deputy Ward Wilson in the 1980 film Stir Crazy, Steven Freeling in the 1982 film Poltergeist, the Warden in My Name is Earl, and Mr. Incredible in the 2004 film The Incredibles. He currently stars in the TV series Parenthood.
/m/02xgdv	Sunil Dutt, born Balraj Dutt, was an Indian movie actor, producer, director and politician. He was the cabinet minister for Youth Affairs and Sports in the Manmohan Singh government. His son, Sanjay Dutt, is also an actor.\nIn 1968, he was honoured with the Padma Shri by the Government of India. In 1984 he joined the Indian National Congress party and was elected to Parliament of India for five terms from the constituency of Mumbai North West.
/m/031zkw	Lou Diamond Phillips is a Filipino American actor and director. His breakthrough came when he starred in the film La Bamba as Ritchie Valens. He earned a supporting actor Golden Globe Award nomination for his role in Stand and Deliver and a Tony Award nomination for his role in The King and I. Other notable films in which Phillips has starred include Courage Under Fire, Che, and Love Takes Wing.
/m/0r80l	Visalia is a city situated in the agricultural San Joaquin Valley of California, approximately 230 miles southeast of San Francisco, 190 miles north of Los Angeles, and 36 miles west of Sequoia National Park. The population was 124,442 at the 2010 census.\nSettled in 1852, Visalia is the oldest continuously inhabited inland European settlement between Stockton and Los Angeles. It is the 5th largest city in the San Joaquin Valley after Fresno, Bakersfield, Stockton and Modesto, the 44th most populous in California, and 198th in the United States.\nAs the county seat of Tulare County, Visalia serves as the economic and governmental center to one of the most productive single agricultural counties in the country.\nYosemite, Sequoia, and Kings Canyon National Parks are located in the nearby Sierra Nevada mountains, the highest mountain range in the contiguous United States.
/m/06lgq8	Ryan Kwanten is an Australian actor. He played Vinnie Patterson from 1997 to 2002 on the Australian soap-opera Home and Away. After his stint ended he joined the American teen-oriented drama Summerland portraying Jay Robertson. In 2008, he was cast as Jason Stackhouse in True Blood.
/m/0h1sg	Alanine is an α-amino acid with the chemical formula CH3CHCOOH. The L-isomer is one of the 20 amino acids encoded by the genetic code. Its codons are GCU, GCC, GCA, and GCG. It is classified as a nonpolar amino acid. L-Alanine is second only to leucine in rate of occurrence, accounting for 7.8% of the primary structure in a sample of 1,150 proteins. D-Alanine occurs in bacterial cell walls and in some peptide antibiotics.
/m/02psgvg	Bayern Munich II are the reserve team of German association football club Bayern Munich. In 2010–11 they played in the 3. Liga, having qualified for its inaugural season in 2008, and have consistently played at the third level of German football — they played in the Regionalliga Süd from its formation in 1994 to 2008, when it was usurped by the 3. Liga. They have generally achieved at least mid-table finishes at this level, and won the Regionalliga Süd title in 2004. In 2010–11 Bayern II finished last in the 3. Liga and was thus relegated to the Regionalliga.
/m/040696	Anton Viktorovich Yelchin is an American film and television actor. He began performing in the late 1990s, appearing in several television roles and the Hollywood films Along Came a Spider and Hearts in Atlantis. Yelchin later appeared on the television series Huff and starred in the films House of D, Alpha Dog, Star Trek and its sequel Star Trek Into Darkness, Terminator Salvation, The Smurfs, Fright Night and Like Crazy. Yelchin's role as Jacob Clarke in the Steven Spielberg miniseries Taken was significant in furthering his career as a child actor.
/m/02qm_f	The Incredibles is a 2004 American computer-animated comedy superhero film written and directed by Brad Bird and released by Walt Disney Pictures. It was the sixth film produced by Pixar Animation Studios. The film's title is the name of a family of superheroes who are forced to hide their powers and live a quiet suburban life. Mr. Incredible's desire to help people draws the entire family into a battle with an evil villain and his killer robot.\nBird, who was Pixar's first outside director, developed the film as an extension of 1960s comic books and spy films from his boyhood and personal family life. He pitched the film to Pixar after the box office disappointment of his first feature, The Iron Giant, and carried over much of its staff to develop The Incredibles. The animation team was tasked with animating an all-human cast, which required creating new technology to animate detailed human anatomy, clothing and realistic skin and hair. Michael Giacchino composed the film's orchestral score.\nThe film premiered on October 27, 2004 at the BFI London Film Festival and had its general release in the United States on November 5, 2004. The film performed very well at the box office, grossing $631 million worldwide during its original theatrical run. The Incredibles was met with high critical acclaim, garnering high marks from professional critics and audiences, and provoking commentary on its themes. Many critics called it the best film of 2004, receiving the 2004 Annie Award for Best Animated Feature, along with two Academy Awards. It became the first entirely animated film to win the prestigious Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation.
/m/01699	Burkina Faso, also known by its short-form name Burkina, is a landlocked country in West Africa around 274,200 square kilometres in size. It is surrounded by six countries: Mali to the north; Niger to the east; Benin to the southeast; Togo and Ghana to the south; and Ivory Coast to the southwest. Its capital is Ouagadougou. In 2010, its population was estimated at just under 15.75 million.\nFormerly called the Republic of Upper Volta, the country was renamed \"Burkina Faso\" on 4 August 1984 by then-President Thomas Sankara, using a word from each of the country's two major native languages, Mòoré and Dioula. Figuratively, Burkina, from Mòoré, may be translated as \"men of integrity\", while Faso means \"fatherland\" in Dioula. \"Burkina Faso\" is understood as \"Land of upright people\" or \"Land of honest people\". Residents of Burkina Faso are known as Burkinabè. French is an official language of government and business in the country.\nBetween 14,000 and 5000 BC, Burkina Faso was populated by hunter-gatherers in the country's northwestern region. Farm settlements appeared between 3600 and 2600 BC. What is now central Burkina Faso was principally composed of Mossi kingdoms. In 1896 France established a protectorate over the kingdoms in this territory.
/m/0181dw	RCA Records is a flagship recording label of Sony Music Entertainment. The RCA initials stand for Radio Corporation of America, which was the parent corporation from 1929 to 1985 and a partner from 1985 to 1986.\nRCA Records is the second-oldest recording company in US history. RCA's Canadian unit is Sony's oldest label in Canada, as it was only one of two Canadian record companies to survive the Great Depression.
/m/026vcc	Pepperdine University is a private, nonprofit, coeducational research university affiliated with the Churches of Christ. The university's 830-acre campus overlooking the Pacific Ocean in unincorporated Los Angeles County, California, United States, near Malibu, is the location for Seaver College, the School of Law, the Graduate School of Education and Psychology, the Graziadio School of Business and Management, and the School of Public Policy. Courses are taught at the main campus, six graduate campuses in southern California, and at international campuses in Germany, England, Italy, China, Switzerland and Argentina.
/m/01cw24	The Norway national football team represents Norway in association football and is controlled by the Football Association of Norway, the governing body for football in Norway. Norway's home ground is Ullevaal Stadion in Oslo and their head coach is Per-Mathias Høgmo. It is as of October 2013 currently ranked by FIFA as the 47th best national team in the world.\nNorway has participated three times in the FIFA World Cup, and once in the European Championship.\nNorway is also notable as the only national team that has never lost a match against Brazil. In four matches played, Norway has a record of two wins and two draws against Brazil, with one of those victories coming in the 1998 FIFA World Cup.
/m/05lx3	The Ohio River is the largest tributary, by volume, of the Mississippi River in the United States. At the confluence, the Ohio is even bigger than the Mississippi river and, thus, is hydrologically the main stream of the whole river system, including the Allegheny River further upstream. It is approximately 981 miles long and is located in the Eastern United States.\nThe river had great significance in the history of the Native Americans, as numerous civilizations formed along its valley. In the five centuries prior to European conquest, the Mississippian culture built numerous regional chiefdoms and major earthwork mounds in the Ohio Valley, such as Angel Mounds near Evansville, Indiana, as well as in the Mississippi Valley and the Southeast. For thousands of years, Native Americans, like the European explorers and settlers who followed them, used the river as a major transportation and trading route. Its waters connected communities. The Osage, Omaha, Ponca and Kaw lived in the Ohio Valley, but under pressure from the Iroquois to the northeast, migrated west of the Mississippi River to Missouri, Arkansas and Oklahoma in the 1600s.
/m/06jry	Riboflavin, also known as vitamin B2 is an easily absorbed colored micronutrient with a key role in maintaining health in humans and other animals. It is the central component of the cofactors FAD and FMN, and is therefore required by all flavoproteins. As such, vitamin B2 is required for a wide variety of cellular processes. It plays a key role in energy metabolism, and for the metabolism of fats, ketone bodies, carbohydrates, and proteins.\nMilk, cheese, leaf vegetables, liver, kidneys, legumes, yeast, mushrooms, and almonds are good sources of vitamin B2.\nThe name \"riboflavin\" comes from \"ribose\" and \"flavin\", the ring-moiety which imparts the yellow color to the oxidized molecule. The reduced form, which occurs in metabolism along with the oxidized form, is colorless.\nRiboflavin is best known visually as the vitamin which imparts the orange color to solid B-vitamin preparations, the yellow color to vitamin supplement solutions, and the unusual fluorescent-yellow color to the urine of persons who supplement with high-dose B-complex preparations.\nRiboflavin can be used as a deliberate orange-red food color additive, and as such is designated in Europe as the E number E101.
/m/03bxwtd	Ryan Benjamin Tedder is an American singer-songwriter, record producer, multi-instrumentalist, and occasional actor. He is best known as the frontman of the pop rock band OneRepublic, though he has an independent career as songwriter and producer for various artists such as Birdy, Adele, Beyoncé, Maroon 5, Demi Lovato, Ellie Goulding, B.o.B, Kelly Clarkson, K'naan, Carrie Underwood, Jennifer Lopez, Jordin Sparks, Leona Lewis, Gavin DeGraw, Sebastian Ingrosso, Gym Class Heroes, One Direction, James Blunt, Far East Movement, and Paul Oakenfold.
/m/0183z2	Chihuahua, officially Free and Sovereign State of Chihuahua, is one of the 31 states which, with the Federal District, comprise the 32 Federal Entities of Mexico. Its capital city is Chihuahua.\nIt is located in Northwestern Mexico and is bordered by the states of Sonora to the west, Sinaloa to the southwest, Durango to the south, and Coahuila to the east. To the north and northeast, it has a long line with the U.S.–Mexico border adjacent to the U.S. states of New Mexico and Texas.\nChihuahua is the largest state in Mexico by area, with a mainland area of 247,455 square kilometres, it is slightly larger than the United Kingdom. It is consequently known under the nickname El Estado Grande.\nAlthough Chihuahua is primarily identified with the Chihuahuan Desert for namesake, it has more forests than any other state in Mexico. Due to its variant climate the state has a large variety of fauna and flora. The state is mostly characterized by rugged mountainous terrain and wide river valleys. The Sierra Madre Occidental mountain range, an extension of the Rocky Mountains, dominates the state's terrain and is home to the state's greatest attraction, Las Barrancas del Cobre, or Copper Canyon, a canyon system larger and deeper than the Grand Canyon. On the slope of the Sierra Madre Occidental mountains, there are vast prairies of short yellow grass, the source of the bulk of the state's agricultural production. Most of the inhabitants live along the Rio Grande Valley and the Conchos River Valley.
/m/0g28b1	Victor Miller or Victor B. Miller is an American writer for film and television. Perhaps his best known and most acknowledged work is his script for the first Friday the 13th film, the popularity of which spawned a long series of sequels, none of which has his involvement, though he remains credited for creating the characters of Jason Voorhees and his mother.\nHe has also written for several daytime television series, for which he has won three Daytime Emmy Awards. His television work includes Guiding Light, One Life to Live, Another World, and All My Children. Much of his tenure of several shows has been working under head writer Megan McTavish. Recently he mentored the script for the indie horror movie, Nobody Gets Out Alive originally titled Down The Road, featuring Clint Howard.
/m/0nq_b	Islington is a district in Greater London, England, and part of the London Borough of Islington. It is a mainly residential district of Inner London, extending from Islington High Street to Highbury Fields, encompassing the area around the busy Upper Street, Essex Road and Southgate Road to the east.
/m/05br10	Vilmos Zsigmond, A.S.C. is a Hungarian-American cinematographer.\nIn 2003, a survey conducted by the International Cinematographers Guild placed Zsigmond among the ten most influential cinematographers in history.
/m/010p3	Adam Lakers Carolla is an American comedian, radio personality, television host and actor. He hosts The Adam Carolla Show, a talk show distributed as a podcast which set the record as the \"most downloaded podcast\" as judged by Guinness World Records.\nCarolla co-hosted the syndicated radio call-in program Loveline from 1995 to 2005 as well as the show's television incarnation on MTV from 1996 to 2000. He was the co-host and co-creator of the television program The Man Show, and the co-creator and a regular performer on the television show Crank Yankers. He hosted The Adam Carolla Project, a home improvement television program which aired on TLC in 2005 and The Car Show on Speed TV in 2011.\nCarolla has also appeared on the network reality television programs Dancing with the Stars and The Celebrity Apprentice. His book, In Fifty Years We'll All Be Chicks, debuted on The New York Times Best Seller list in 2010, and his second book, Not Taco Bell Material, also reached New York Times bestseller status and received widespread acclaim for its cutting social commentary and humor.\nAn outspoken commentator on various social, political, and religious issues, Carolla has made numerous guest appearances on political talk shows, ranging from Bill Maher's Politically Incorrect to Bill O'Reilly's The O'Reilly Factor, on which he headlines the weekly segment Rollin' with Carolla.
/m/02r9p0c	Appleseed Ex Machina, also known as E.X. Machina in the original version, is a 2007 Japanese animated CG film and is the sequel to the 2004 Appleseed film, similarly directed by Shinji Aramaki, and was produced by Hong Kong director and producer John Woo. It was released on October 20, 2007 in Japan and made its American premiere at the Jules Verne Adventures Film Festival in Los Angeles on December 15, 2007. The MPAA has Appleseed Ex Machina rated PG-13 for action violence and brief strong language, though the first film was rated R for some violence. It was released in North America by Warner Bros. Pictures on March 11, 2008, for DVD and Blu-Ray, and released for HD DVD on April 1, 2008. It was released in Europe on May 30, 2008 on DVD, with HMV releasing a 2-disc DVD special edition box set in Ireland and the UK, while Blu-Ray edition was released on June 2, 2008. In July 2008, the film was released theatrically in Australia as part of an anime film festival screening known as REEL ANIME hosted by Madman Entertainment, however it was the Japanese version. The film was shown theatrically along with other films such as Vexille and The Girl Who Leapt Through Time in various selected cinemas throughout the country. The film was released on DVD in Australia in September 2008.
/m/064jjy	Peter Berg is an American actor, film director, producer and writer. He is known for directing films such as Very Bad Things, The Rundown, Friday Night Lights, The Kingdom, Hancock, Battleship, and Lone Survivor. He also developed the television series Friday Night Lights, which was adapted from the film he directed. As an actor he is best known for his role as Dr. Billy Kronk on the CBS medical drama Chicago Hope.
/m/013h9	Alexandria is an independent city in the Commonwealth of Virginia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 139,966, in 2013, the population was estimated to be 151,218. Located along the Western bank of the Potomac River, Alexandria is approximately six miles south of downtown Washington, D.C.\nLike the rest of Northern Virginia, as well as central Maryland, modern Alexandria has been shaped by its proximity to the nation's capital. It is largely populated by professionals working in the federal civil service, in the U.S. military, or for one of the many private companies which contract to provide services to the federal government. One of Alexandria's largest employers is the U.S. Department of Defense. Others include the Institute for Defense Analyses and the Center for Naval Analyses. In 2005, the United States Patent and Trademark Office moved to Alexandria.\nThe historic center of Alexandria is known as Old Town. With its concentration of boutiques, restaurants, antique shops and theaters, it is a major draw for tourists. Like Old Town, many Alexandria neighborhoods are compact, walkable, high-income suburbs of Washington, D.C. It is the seventh largest and highest income independent city in Virginia.
/m/02n4lw	An art film is typically a serious, independent film aimed at a niche market rather than a mass market audience. An art film is \"intended to be a serious artistic work, often experimental and not designed for mass appeal\"; they are \"made primarily for aesthetic reasons rather than commercial profit\", and they contain \"unconventional or highly symbolic content.\"\nFilm critics and film studies scholars typically define an \"art film\" using a \"...canon of films and those formal qualities that mark them as different from mainstream Hollywood films\", which includes, among other elements: a social realism style; an emphasis on the authorial expressiveness of the director; and a focus on the thoughts and dreams of characters, rather than presenting a clear, goal-driven story. Film scholar David Bordwell claims that \"art cinema itself is a film genre, with its own distinct conventions.\"\nArt film producers usually present their films at specialty theatres and film festivals. The term art film is much more widely used in the United States, the UK and Australia than in Europe, where the term is more associated with \"auteur\" films and \"national cinema\". Art films are aimed at small niche market audiences, which means they can rarely get the financial backing that will permit large production budgets, expensive special effects, costly celebrity actors, or huge advertising campaigns, as are used in widely released mainstream blockbuster films. Art-film directors make up for these constraints by creating a different type of film, which typically uses lesser-known film actors and modest sets to make films that focus much more on developing ideas or exploring new narrative techniques or film-making conventions.
/m/0294zg	Days of Heaven is a 1978 American drama film written and directed by Terrence Malick and starring Richard Gere, Brooke Adams, Sam Shepard and Linda Manz. Set in 1916, it tells the story of two poor lovers, Bill and Abby, as they travel to the Texas Panhandle to harvest crops for a wealthy farmer. Bill encourages Abby to claim the fortune of the dying farmer by tricking him into a false marriage. This results in an unstable love triangle and a series of unfortunate events.\nDays of Heaven was Malick's second feature film, after the enthusiastically received Badlands, and was produced on a budget of $3,000,000. Production was particularly troublesome, with a tight shooting schedule and significant budget restraints. Additionally, editing took Malick a lengthy three years, due to difficulty with achieving a general flow and assembly of the scenes. This was eventually solved with an added, improvised narration by Linda Manz. The film was scored by Ennio Morricone and photographed by Nestor Almendros and Haskell Wexler.\nThe film was not warmly received on its original theatrical release, with many critics finding only the imagery worthy of praise. It was not a significant commercial success, although it did win an Academy Award for Best Cinematography with an additional three nominations for the score, costume design and sound. Malick himself won the Best Director Award at the Cannes Film Festival. Despite initially unfavorable reviews, Days of Heaven has since become one of the most acclaimed films of all time, particularly noted for the beauty of the cinematography. In 2007, Days of Heaven was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant\".
/m/048n7	The Korean War was a war between the Republic of Korea, supported by the United Nations, and the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, at one time supported by China and the Soviet Union. It was primarily the result of the political division of Korea by an agreement of the victorious Allies at the conclusion of the Pacific War at the end of World War II. The Korean Peninsula was ruled by the Empire of Japan from 1910 until the end of World War II. Following the surrender of the Empire of Japan in September 1945, American administrators divided the peninsula along the 38th parallel, with U.S. military forces occupying the southern half and Soviet military forces occupying the northern half.\nThe failure to hold free elections throughout the Korean Peninsula in 1948 deepened the division between the two sides; the North established a communist government, while the South established a right-wing government. The 38th parallel increasingly became a political border between the two Korean states. Although reunification negotiations continued in the months preceding the war, tension intensified. Cross-border skirmishes and raids at the 38th parallel persisted. The situation escalated into open warfare when North Korean forces invaded South Korea on 25 June 1950. In 1950, the Soviet Union boycotted the United Nations Security Council. In the absence of a veto from the Soviet Union, the United States and other countries passed a Security Council resolution authorizing military intervention in Korea.
/m/0257w4	The Grammy Award for Best Instrumental Soloist(s) Performance (with orchestra) was awarded from 1959 to 2011. From 1967 to 1971 and in 1987 the award was combined with the award for Best Instrumental Soloist Performance and awarded as the Grammy Award for Best Classical Performance - Instrumental Soloist or Soloists.\nThe award has had several minor name changes:\nIn 1959 the award was known as Best Classical Performance - Instrumentalist\nIn 1960 it was awarded as Best Classical Performance - Concerto or Instrumental Soloist\nIn 1961 it was awarded as Best Classical Performance - Concerto or Instrumental Soloist\nIn 1962 it was awarded as Best Classical Performance - Instrumental Soloist (with orchestra)\nFrom 1963 to 1964 it was awarded as Best Classical Performance - Instrumental Soloist or Soloists (with orchestra)\nIn 1965 it was awarded as Best Performance - Instrumental Soloist or Soloists (with orchestra)\nFrom 1966 to 1991 and in 1994 it was awarded as Best Classical Performance - Instrumental Soloist or Soloists (with orchestra)\nIn 1992 it was awarded as Best Instrumental Soloist With Orchestra
/m/04g2jz2	This is a list of the winners of the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Made for Television Movie, which is awarded since 1992. The category was originally called Outstanding Drama/Comedy Special.\nIn 2011 the category was merged with the Miniseries category to create the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Miniseries or Movie. However, in 2014, the decision was reversed, and the separate Miniseries and Television Movie categories were reinstated.
/m/02bft	Major depressive disorder is a mental disorder characterized by a pervasive and persistent low mood that is accompanied by low self-esteem and by a loss of interest or pleasure in normally enjoyable activities. This cluster of symptoms was named, described and classified as one of the mood disorders in the 1980 edition of the American Psychiatric Association's diagnostic manual. The term \"depression\" is ambiguous. It is often used to denote this syndrome but may refer to other mood disorders or to lower mood states lacking clinical significance. Major depressive disorder is a disabling condition that adversely affects a person's family, work or school life, sleeping and eating habits, and general health. In the United States, around 3.4% of people with major depression commit suicide, and up to 60% of people who commit suicide had depression or another mood disorder.\nThe diagnosis of major depressive disorder is based on the patient's self-reported experiences, behavior reported by relatives or friends, and a mental status examination. There is no laboratory test for major depression, although physicians generally request tests for physical conditions that may cause similar symptoms. The most common time of onset is between the ages of 20 and 30 years, with a later peak between 30 and 40 years.
/m/023fxp	The Sri Lankan cricket team is the national cricket team of Sri Lanka. The team first played international cricket in 1926–27, and were later awarded Test status in 1981, which made Sri Lanka the eighth Test cricket playing nation. The team is administered by Sri Lanka Cricket.\nSri Lanka's national cricket team achieved considerable success beginning in the 1990s, rising from underdog status to winning the Cricket World Cup in 1996. Since then, the team has continued to be a force in international cricket. The Sri Lankan cricket team reached the finals of the 2007 and 2011 Cricket World Cups consecutively. But they ended up being runners up in both those occasions. The batting of Sanath Jayasuriya, Aravinda de Silva, Mahela Jayawardene and Kumar Sangakkara backed up by the bowling of Muttiah Muralitharan, Chaminda Vaas and Lasith Malinga, among many other talented cricketers, has underpinned the successes of Sri Lankan cricket in the last two decades.\nSri Lanka have won the Cricket World Cup in 1996, the ICC Champions Trophy in 2002, have been consecutive runners up in the 2007 and 2011 Cricket World Cups, and have been runners up in the ICC World Twenty20 in 2009 and 2012. The Sri Lankan cricket team currently holds several world records, including world records for highest team totals in all three forms of the game, Test, ODI and Twenty20.
/m/03x6xl	Panionios G.S.S. is a Greek association football club based in Nea Smyrni, Athens, Greece. The club currently competes in the Super League Greece.
/m/01yfj	Curling is a sport in which players slide stones on a sheet of ice towards a target area which is segmented into four concentric rings. It is related to bowls, boules and shuffleboard. Two teams, each of four players, take turns sliding heavy, polished granite stones, also called rocks, across the ice curling sheet towards the house, a circular target marked on the ice. Each team has eight stones. The purpose is to accumulate the highest score for a game; points are scored for the stones resting closest to the centre of the house at the conclusion of each end, which is completed when both teams have thrown all of their stones. A game may consist of ten or eight ends.\nThe curler can induce a curved path by causing the stone to slowly turn as it slides, and the path of the rock may be further influenced by two sweepers with brooms who accompany it as it slides down the sheet, using the brooms to alter the state of the ice in front of the stone. A great deal of strategy and teamwork go into choosing the ideal path and placement of a stone for each situation, and the skills of the curlers determine how close to the desired result the stone will achieve. This gives curling its nickname of \"chess on ice\".
/m/0_ytw	College Station is a city in Brazos County, Texas, situated in East Central Texas in the heart of the Brazos Valley. As of December 2012, College Station had an estimated population of 97,534. College Station and Bryan together make up the Bryan-College Station metropolitan area, the 15th largest metropolitan area in Texas with 231,623 people.\nCollege Station is home to the main campus of Texas A&M University, the flagship institution of The Texas A&M University System. The city owes both its name and existence to the university's location along a railroad. Texas A&M's triple designation as a Land-, Sea-, and Space-Grant institution reflects the broad scope of the research endeavors it brings to the city, with ongoing projects funded by agencies such as NASA, the National Institutes of Health, the National Science Foundation and the Office of Naval Research.\nDue largely to the presence of Texas A&M University, College Station was named by Money magazine in 2006 as the most educated city in Texas, and the 11th most educated city in the United States.
/m/05ypj5	The Glenn Miller Story is a 1954 American film about the eponymous American band-leader, directed by Anthony Mann and starring James Stewart in their first non-western collaboration. Universal-International's first public announcements, early in 1953, employed the soon-discarded title, \"Moonlight Serenade.\"
/m/01spm	The Church of England is the officially established Christian church in England and the Mother Church of the worldwide Anglican Communion. The church considers itself within the tradition of Western Christianity and dates its formal establishment principally to the mission to England by Saint Augustine of Canterbury in AD 597.\nAs a result of Augustine's mission, the church in England came under the authority of the pope. Initially prompted by a dispute over the annulment of the marriage of King Henry VIII to Catherine of Aragon, the Church of England separated from the Roman Catholic Church in 1534 and became the established church by an Act of Parliament in the Act of Supremacy, beginning a series of events known as the English Reformation. During the reign of Queen Mary I and King Philip, the church was fully restored under Rome in 1555. The pope's authority was again explicitly rejected after the accession of Queen Elizabeth I when the Act of Supremacy of 1558 was passed. Catholic and Reformed factions vied for determining the doctrines and worship of the church. This ended with the 1558 Elizabethan settlement, which developed the understanding that the church was to be both Catholic and Reformed:
/m/075fzd	A social issue is an issue that relates to society's perception of a person's personal life. Different cultures have different perceptions and what may be \"normal\" behavior in one society may be a significant social issue in another society. Social issues are distinguished from economic issues. Some issues have both social and economic aspects, such as immigration. There are also issues that don't fall into either category, such as wars.\nThomas Paine, in Rights of Man and Common Sense, addresses man's duty to \"allow the same rights to others as we allow ourselves\". The failure to do so causes the birth of a social issue.
/m/09_99w	David Fury is an American television writer and producer.
/m/02rr_z4	Media Asia Entertainment Group, Media Asia Group, is a Hong Kong production company and distributor for films made in Hong Kong and throughout China. It is a subsidiary of Lai Sun Development Company Ltd.
/m/0dx8gj	Lust, Caution is a 2007 espionage thriller film directed by Ang Lee, based on the novella of the same name published in 1979 by Chinese author Eileen Chang. The story is mostly set in Hong Kong in 1938 and in Shanghai in 1942, when it was occupied by the Imperial Japanese Army and ruled by the puppet government led by Wang Jingwei. It depicts a group of Chinese university students from the Lingnan University who plot to assassinate a high-ranking special agent and recruiter of the puppet government using an attractive young woman to lure him into a trap.\nWith this film, Lee won the Golden Lion Award at the Venice Film Festival for the second time, the first being with Brokeback Mountain. The film adaptation and the story are loosely based on events that took place during the Japanese occupation of Shanghai. The film's explicit sex scenes resulted in the film being rated NC-17 in the United States.
/m/021mkg	Football Club Basel 1893, widely known as FC Basel or just Basel, is a Swiss football club based in Basel. They are one of the most successful clubs in Swiss football, having won the Swiss Super League 16 times, the second most for any Swiss club. They were most successful in the late 1960s and 1970s, winning the title a total of seven times between 1967 and 1980. The 1980s saw hard times for Basel as they had an absence from European competition for many years and they were relegated in 1987. In the 2000s Basel returned to the top of Swiss football; winning their first title for 22 years in 2002 and won a further seven titles in the years 2004, 2005, 2008, 2010, 2011, 2012 and 2013. FC Basel have also won the Swiss Cup 11 times.\nThey have competed in European competition every season since 1999–2000. In the 2001–02 season, the club reached the UEFA Intertoto Cup final, losing to Aston Villa; in the 2002–03 season they qualified for the Second Group Stage of the UEFA Champions League; and in the 2005–06 season, they reached the quarter-finals of the UEFA Cup. They have been in the Champions League more times than any other Swiss club — a total of four times — and are the only Swiss club to have ever qualified directly for the Champions League group stages.
/m/023k2	A corporation is a separate legal entity that has been incorporated either directly through legislation or through a registration process established by law. Incorporated entities have legal rights and liabilities that are distinct from their employees and shareholders, and may conduct business as either a profit-seeking business or not-for-profit business. Early incorporated entities were established by charter. Most jurisdictions now allow the creation of new corporations through registration. In addition to legal personality, registered corporations tend to have limited liability, be owned by shareholders who can transfer their shares to others, and controlled by a board of directors who are normally elected or appointed by the shareholders.\nIn American English the word corporation is widely used to describe large business corporations. In British English and in the commonwealth countries, the term company is more widely used to describe the same sort of entity while the word corporation encompasses all incorporated entities. In American English, the word company can include entities such as partnerships that would not be referred to as companies in British English as they are not a separate legal entity.
/m/02nb2s	Matthew Avery Modine is an American actor. His film roles include Private Joker in Stanley Kubrick's Full Metal Jacket, the title character in Alan Parker's Birdy, high school wrestler Louden Swain in Vision Quest, and oversexed Sullivan Groff on Weeds.
/m/02vy5j	Steven Bauer is a Cuban-American actor. He is known for his role as Manny Ribera in the 1983 film Scarface, his role as Don Eladio in the AMC drama series Breaking Bad, and his role on the bilingual PBS show ¿Qué Pasa, USA?.
/m/03h_yy	The Singing Detective is a 2003 American musical comedy crime film directed by Keith Gordon and based on the BBC serial of the same name, a work by British writer Dennis Potter. It stars Robert Downey, Jr. and features a supporting cast that includes Katie Holmes, Adrien Brody, Robin Wright Penn, and Mel Gibson, as well as a number of songs from the 1950s.
/m/02g3gw	The Saturn Award for Best Writing is a Saturn Award presented by the Academy of Science Fiction, Fantasy & Horror Films for the best writing in any motion picture genre.\nNotes:\n\"†\" indicates an Academy Award-winning movie on the same category.\n\"‡\" indicates an Academy Award-nominated movie on the same category.
/m/0c_md_	Gerald Rudolph \"Jerry\" Ford, Jr. was the 38th President of the United States, serving from 1974 to 1977, and prior to this, was the 40th Vice President of the United States serving from 1973 to 1974. He was the first person appointed to the Vice Presidency under the terms of the 25th Amendment, after Spiro Agnew resigned. When he became president upon Richard Nixon's resignation on August 9, 1974, he became the first and to date only person to have served as both Vice President and President of the United States without being elected by the Electoral College. Before ascending to the Vice Presidency, Ford served nearly 25 years as the Representative from Michigan's 5th congressional district, eight of them as the Republican Minority Leader.\nAs President, Ford signed the Helsinki Accords, marking a move toward détente in the Cold War. With the conquest of South Vietnam by North Vietnam nine months into his presidency, U.S. involvement in Vietnam essentially ended. Domestically, Ford presided over the worst economy in the four decades since the Great Depression, with growing inflation and a recession during his tenure. One of his more controversial acts was to grant a presidential pardon to President Richard Nixon for his role in the Watergate scandal. During Ford's incumbency, foreign policy was characterized in procedural terms by the increased role Congress began to play, and by the corresponding curb on the powers of the President. In 1976, Ford defeated Ronald Reagan for the Republican nomination, but narrowly lost the presidential election to Democrat Jimmy Carter.
/m/02g3gj	The Grammy Award for Best Dance Recording is an award presented at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards, to recording artists for works containing quality vocal performances in the dance music genre. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position\".\nThe award for Best Dance Recording was first presented to Donna Summer and Giorgio Moroder in 1998 for the song \"Carry On\". In 2003, the Academy moved the category from the \"Pop\" field into a new \"Dance\" field, which currently contains the category Best Electronica/Dance Album as well. According to the Academy, the award is designated for solo, duo, group or collaborative performances, and is limited to singles or tracks only. Award recipients have often included the producers, engineers, and/or mixers associated with the nominated work in addition to the recording artists.\nSkrillex and Justin Timberlake are the only artists to win the award more than once, with a total of two. Since its inception, American artists have been presented with the award more than any other nationality, though it has been presented to musicians or groups originating from the United Kingdom twice, and from Australia, the Bahamas, Barbados, France, and Italy once. Madonna holds the record for the most nominations, with five. Gloria Estefan holds the record for the most nominations without a win, with three.
/m/039crh	Shannen Maria Doherty is an American actress, producer, author, and television director best known for her roles as Brenda Walsh in Beverly Hills, 90210, and as Prue Halliwell on Charmed.
/m/0n2q0	Cuyahoga County is a county located in the state of Ohio, United States. It is the most populous county in Ohio; according to the 2010 census, it has a population of 1,280,122 which is a decrease of 8.2% from 1,393,978 in 2000. Its county seat is Cleveland. Cuyahoga County is part of Greater Cleveland, a metropolitan area, and Northeast Ohio, a thirteen-county region, joined together in economic development initiatives. The county is named after the Iroquoian word Cuyahoga, which means 'crooked river'. The name is also assigned to the Cuyahoga River, which bisects the county. Former U.S. President James A. Garfield was born in what was Cuyahoga County's Orange Township.
/m/0g0x9c	Invincible is a 2006 sports film directed by Ericson Core set in 1976. It is based on the true story of Vince Papale, who played for the Philadelphia Eagles from 1976–78. Mark Wahlberg portrays Papale and Greg Kinnear plays Papale's coach, Dick Vermeil. The film was released in the United States on August 25, 2006.
/m/01_6dw	Anthony Robert \"Tony\" Kushner is an American playwright and screenwriter. He received the Pulitzer Prize for Drama in 1993 for his play Angels in America: A Gay Fantasia on National Themes. He co-authored with Eric Roth the screenplay for the 2005 film Munich, and he wrote the screenplay for the 2012 film Lincoln, both critically acclaimed movies. For his work, he received a National Medal of Arts from President Barack Obama in 2013.
/m/081m_	Warsaw, known in Polish as Warszawa, is the capital and largest city of Poland. It is located on the Vistula River, roughly 260 kilometres from the Baltic Sea and 300 kilometres from the Carpathian Mountains. Its population is estimated at 1.711 million residents within a greater metropolitan area of 2.666 million residents, making Warsaw the 9th most populous city proper in the European Union. The area of the city covers 516.9 square kilometres, while the city's agglomeration covers 6,100.43 square kilometres.\nWarsaw is an Alpha– global city, a major international tourist destination and an important economic hub in East-Central Europe. It is also known as the \"phoenix city\" because it has survived so many wars throughout its history. Most notably, the city had to be painstakingly rebuilt after the extensive damage it suffered in World War II, during which 85% of its buildings were destroyed. On 9 November 1940 the city was awarded Poland's highest military decoration for heroism, the Virtuti Militari, during the Siege of Warsaw.\nWarsaw is known as the city of palaces. Many aristocratic residences and mansions are located near the city center.
/m/020h2v	Touchstone Pictures is an American production company and one of several film distribution labels of The Walt Disney Studios, owned by The Walt Disney Company. Established in 1984 by then-Disney CEO Ron W. Miller as Touchstone Films, it typically releases films that feature more mature themes and darker tones than those released under the flagship Walt Disney Pictures label.\nTouchstone Pictures is merely a brand, not a distinct business operation, and does not exist as a separate company.\nTheir most commercially successful production partners in later years have been Caravan Pictures, Summit Entertainment, Jerry Bruckheimer Films, Columbia Pictures, Warner Bros. Pictures, Icon Productions, Imagine Entertainment, Mandeville Films, Focus Features, Spyglass Entertainment and DreamWorks Pictures.\nWalt Disney Studios Motion Pictures entered into a long-term, 30-picture distribution deal with DreamWorks Pictures by which DreamWorks' productions would be released through the Touchstone Pictures banner over seven years beginning in 2011.
/m/025tjk_	Underground hip hop is an umbrella term for hip hop music outside the general commercial canon. It is typically associated with independent artists, signed to independent labels or no label at all. Underground hip hop is often characterized by socially conscious, positive, or anti-commercial lyrics. However, there is no unifying or universal theme – Allmusic suggests that it \"has no sonic signifiers\". \"The Underground\" also refers to the community of musicians, fans and others that support non-commercial, or independent music. Music scenes with strong ties to underground hip hop include alternative hip hop and horrorcore. Many artists who are considered \"underground\" today, were not always so, and may have previously broken the Billboard charts.
/m/0g8fs	The United States Naval Academy is a four-year coeducational federal service academy located in Annapolis, Maryland, United States. Established in 1845 under Secretary of the Navy George Bancroft, it is the second-oldest of the United States' five service academies, and educates officers for commissioning primarily into the United States Navy and United States Marine Corps. The 338-acre campus is located on the former grounds of Fort Severn at the confluence of the Severn River and Chesapeake Bay, 33 miles east of Washington, D.C. and 26 miles southeast of Baltimore, Maryland. The entire campus is a National Historic Landmark and home to many historic sites, buildings, and monuments.\nCandidates for admission generally must both apply directly to the academy and receive a nomination, usually from a Member of Congress. Students are officers-in-training and are referred to as midshipmen. Tuition for midshipmen is fully funded by the Navy in exchange for an active duty service obligation upon graduation. Approximately 1,300 \"plebes\" enter the Academy each summer for the rigorous Plebe Summer, but only about 1,000 Midshipmen graduate. Graduates are usually commissioned as ensigns in the Navy or second lieutenants in the Marine Corps, but a small number can also be commissioned as officers in both the other US services, and the services of allied nations. The academic program grants a bachelor of science degree with a curriculum that grades midshipmen's performance upon a broad academic program, military leadership performance, and mandatory participation in competitive athletics. Midshipmen are required to adhere to the academy's Honor Concept.
/m/01vh3r	Rupert James Hector Everett is an English actor. He first came to public attention in 1981, when he was cast in Julian Mitchell's play and subsequent film Another Country as an openly gay pupil at an English public school in the 1930s. He has since appeared in many other films, including My Best Friend's Wedding, An Ideal Husband, The Next Best Thing and the Shrek sequels.
/m/081mh	West Virginia (/ˌwɛstvɚˈdʒɪnjə/(helpinfo)) is a state in the Appalachian, Upland South, and Mid-Atlantic regions of the United States, bordered by Virginia on the southeast, Kentucky on the southwest, Ohio on the northwest, and Pennsylvania and Maryland on the northeast. The capital and largest city is Charleston.  Historically the area now occupying West Virginia had a separate identity from the early days of pioneering settlement. The early British American settlers called the area Vandalia. After the American Revolution the settlers of the area sought the status of an individual state of the union under the name Westsylvania, but their attempts were blocked by Virginia which claimed most of the area, and Pennsylvania which claimed a small part of the area.  After the Wheeling Conventions, West Virginia broke away from Virginia during the American Civil War and was admitted to the Union as a separate state on June 20, 1863, and was a key Civil War border state. It is one of only two states formed during the American Civil War (along with Nevada, which separated from Utah Territory) and is the only state to form by seceding from a Confederate state and one of three states to secede from another state (the others being Kentucky and Maine).  The Census Bureau considers West Virginia part of the South because most of the state is south of the Mason-Dixon Line. The northern panhandle, however, extends adjacent to Pennsylvania and Ohio with the West Virginia city of Weirton on a parallel with Pittsburgh, while Bluefield is less than seventy miles from North Carolina and Harper's Ferry is considered to be a part of the Washington D.C. metropolitan area. The unique position of West Virginia means that it is often included in a wide variety of geographical regions, including the Southeastern United States and even the Northeastern United States. Notably, it is the only state which entirely lies within the area served by the Appalachian Regional Commission, which is a common definition of Appalachia.[4]  The state is noted for its great natural beauty, its historically significant logging and coal mining industries, and its labor history. It is also known for a wide range of outdoor recreational opportunities, including skiing, whitewater rafting, rock climbing, caving, fishing, hiking, mountain biking, and hunting.
/m/025syph	A fighter pilot is a military aviator trained to engage in air-to-air, and often air-to-ground, combat while at the controls of a fighter aircraft. Fighter pilots undergo specialized training in aerial warfare and dogfighting. A fighter pilot with at least five air-to-air kills becomes known as an ace. Not all fighter pilots have experienced actual combat.
/m/05_6_y	David Jonathan Healy, MBE is a retired Northern Ireland international footballer who played as a striker. He is the all-time leading scorer for Northern Ireland with 36 goals, and also holds the record for the highest scoring tally during a UEFA European Championship qualifying campaign with 13.\nHe began his career as a youth player at Manchester United in 1995, turning professional in 1999, but signed for Preston North End two years later after a short loan spell. He spent three years with Preston, maintaining a healthy goals to games ratio, before transferring to Leeds United in 2004. After three years to Leeds he moved on to Fulham for a season, before settling at Sunderland in 2008. He moved north to Scotland to play for Rangers in January 2011. He helped the club to the SPL title in 2010–11 and also played in the 2011 League Cup final victory, before departing when the club entered liquidation towards the end of the 2011–12 season. He joined Bury for a one-season spell in August 2012. In addition to these clubs he has also played for Port Vale, Norwich City, Ipswich Town, and Doncaster Rovers on loan. He was released from Bury in May of 2013, and choose to retire in November 2013 after failing to find a club.
/m/0257wh	The Grammy Award for Best Instrumental Soloist Performance (without orchestra) was awarded from 1959 to 2011. From 1967 to 1971 and in 1987 the award was combined with the award for Best Instrumental Soloist Performance and awarded as the Grammy Award for Best Classical Performance - Instrumental Soloist or Soloists.\nThe award has had several minor name changes:\nIn 1959 the award was known as Best Classical Performance - Instrumentalist\nIn 1960 it was awarded as Best Classical Performance - Concerto or Instrumental Soloist\nIn 1961 it was awarded as Best Classical Performance - Instrumental Soloist or Duo\nFrom 1962 to 1964 it was awarded as Best Classical Performance - Instrumental Soloist or Duo (without orchestra)\nIn 1965 it was awarded as Best Performance - Instrumental Soloist or Soloists (without orchestra)\nFrom 1966 to 1994 it was awarded as Best Classical Performance - Instrumental Soloist or Soloists (without orchestra)\nFrom 1995 to the present it has been awarded as Best Instrumental Soloist Performance (without orchestra)
/m/0s3pw	Champaign is a city in Champaign County, Illinois, United States. The city is located 135 miles south of Chicago, 124 miles west of Indianapolis, Indiana, and 178 mi northeast of St. Louis, Missouri. Though surrounded by farm communities, Champaign is notable for sharing the campus of the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign with its sister city of Urbana. Champaign is also the home of Parkland College which serves about 18,000 students during the academic year. Due to the university and a number of well known technology startup companies, it is often referred to as the hub, or a significant landmark, of the Silicon Prairie. Champaign houses offices for Abbott, Archer Daniels Midland, Caterpillar, Deere & Company, Dow Chemical Company, IBM, State Farm, Science Applications International Corporation, and Sony, all of which are Fortune 500 companies.\nThe United States Census Bureau estimates the city was home to 82,517 people as of July 1, 2012. Champaign is the eleventh-most populous city in Illinois, and the fourth-most populous city in the state outside of the Chicago Metropolitan Area. In 2013, Champaign was rated fifth best place in the United States for a healthy work-life balance.
/m/02kysg	A students' union, student government, free student union, student senate, students' association, guild of students or government of student body is a student organization present in many colleges, universities, and high schools. In higher education, the students' union is often accorded its own building on the campus, dedicated to social, organizational activities, representation and academic support of the membership. In the United States, student union many times only refers to a physical building owned by the university with the purpose to provide services for students without a governing body also referred to as a student activity center. Outside the United States this refers to a representative body.
/m/02t_y3	Bruce Davison is an American actor and director.
/m/0kn4c	William Pitt the Younger was a British politician of the late 18th and early 19th centuries. He became the youngest Prime Minister in 1783 at the age of 24. He left office in 1801, but was Prime Minister again from 1804 until his death in 1806. He was also the Chancellor of the Exchequer throughout his premiership, and Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports from August 1792. He is known as \"the Younger\" to distinguish him from his father, William Pitt the Elder, who previously served as Prime Minister.\nThe younger Pitt's prime ministerial tenure, which came during the reign of George III, was dominated by major events in Europe, including the French Revolution and the Napoleonic Wars. Pitt, although often referred to as a Tory, or \"new Tory\", called himself an \"independent Whig\" and was generally opposed to the development of a strict partisan political system.\nHe is best known for leading Britain in the great wars against France and Napoleon. Pitt was an outstanding administrator who worked for efficiency and reform, bringing in a new generation of outstanding administrators. He raised taxes to pay for the great war against France, and cracked down on radicalism. To meet the threat of Irish support for France, he engineered the Acts of Union 1800 and tried to get Catholic Emancipation as part of the Union. Pitt created the \"new Toryism,\" which revived the Tory Party and enabled it to stay in power for the next quarter-century.
/m/014zwb	You've Got Mail is a 1998 American romantic comedy film directed by Nora Ephron, starring Tom Hanks and Meg Ryan. It was written by Nora and Delia Ephron based on the 1937 play Parfumerie by Miklós László. The film is about two e-mailing lovers who are completely unaware that their sweetheart is, in fact, a person with whom they share a degree of animosity. An adaptation of Parfumerie was previously made as The Shop Around the Corner, a 1940 film by Ernst Lubitsch and also a 1949 musical remake, In the Good Old Summertime by Robert Z. Leonard starring Judy Garland. You've Got Mail updates that concept with the use of e-mail. Influences from Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice can also be seen in the relationship between Joe Fox and Kathleen Kelly — a reference pointed out by these characters actually discussing Mr. Darcy and Miss Bennet in the film. Ephron stated that You've Got Mail was as much about the Upper West Side itself as the characters, highlighting the \"small town community\" feel that pervades the Upper West Side.\nThe name of the film is an example of product placement, based on the trademark greeting that AOL users hear when they receive new e-mail.\nThe film received significant media coverage leading up to its release in anticipation of the romantic coupling of Tom Hanks and Meg Ryan, who had appeared together previously in Joe Versus the Volcano and Sleepless in Seattle.
/m/0f2v0	Miami is a city located on the Atlantic coast in southeastern Florida and the county seat of Miami-Dade County. The 42nd largest city proper in the United States, with a population of 419,777, it is the principal, central, and most populous city of the Miami metropolitan area, and the most populous metropolis in the Southeastern United States after Washington, D.C. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, Miami's metro area is the eighth most populous and fourth-largest urban area in the United States, with a population of around 5.5 million.\nMiami is a major center and a leader in finance, commerce, culture, media, entertainment, the arts, and international trade. In 2012, Miami was classified as an Alpha- World City in the World Cities Study Group’s inventory. In 2010, Miami ranked seventh in the United States in terms of finance, commerce, culture, entertainment, fashion, education, and other sectors. It ranked thirty-third among global cities. In 2008, Forbes magazine ranked Miami \"America's Cleanest City\", for its year-round good air quality, vast green spaces, clean drinking water, clean streets and city-wide recycling programs. According to a 2009 UBS study of 73 world cities, Miami was ranked as the richest city in the United States, and the world's fifth-richest city in terms of purchasing power. Miami is nicknamed the \"Capital of Latin America\", is the second largest U.S. city with a Spanish-speaking majority, and the largest city with a Cuban-American plurality.
/m/0261g5l	Silvio Horta is an American writer and producer most notable for adapting the hit Colombian telenovela Yo Soy Betty La Fea into the ABC series, Ugly Betty. Horta served as head writer and executive producer on the series.
/m/03ctv8m	Oswald Norman Morris OBE, DFC, AFC, BSC is a British cinematographer. Known to his colleagues by the nicknames \"Os\" or \"Ossie\", Morris' film cinematography career spanned six decades.
/m/06pjs	Shelton Jackson \"Spike\" Lee is an American film director, producer, writer, and actor. His production company, 40 Acres and a Mule Filmworks, has produced over 35 films since 1983.\nLee's movies have examined race relations, colorism in the black community, the role of media in contemporary life, urban crime and poverty, and other political issues. Lee has won numerous awards, including an Emmy Award. He has also received two Academy Award nominations.
/m/02w2bc	Central Michigan University is a public research university located in Mount Pleasant in the U.S. state of Michigan. Established in 1892, Central Michigan University is one of the nation's 100 largest public universities and the third largest in Michigan
/m/0329r5	The Uruguayan national football team represents Uruguay in international association football and is controlled by the Uruguayan Football Association, the governing body for football in Uruguay. The current head coach is Óscar Tabárez. The Uruguayan side is commonly referred to as La Celeste or Charrúas.\nUruguay are the current reigning South American champions, having won the 2011 Copa América. Uruguay have won the Copa América a record 15 times. The team has twice won the FIFA World Cup, including the first World Cup in 1930 as hosts, defeating Argentina 4–2 in the final. They won their second title in 1950, upsetting hosts Brazil 2–1 in the final match, which received an attendance higher than any football match ever.\nThey have won the Gold Medals in football at the Summer Olympics twice, in 1924 and 1928, before the creation of the World Cup. Uruguay also won the 1980 Mundialito, a tournament among former World Cup champions. In total, Uruguay have won 20 official titles, a world record for the most international titles held by any country.\nTheir success is amplified by the fact that the nation has a very small population of around 3.25 million inhabitants. Uruguay is by far the smallest country in the world to have won a World Cup in terms of population, 1.75 million inhabitants in 1930. The second smallest country, by population, to have won the World Cup is Argentina with a population of nearly 28 million people in 1978. Uruguay is also the smallest country ever to win any World Cup medals; only five nations with a currently smaller population than Uruguay's have ever participated in any World Cup: Northern Ireland, Slovenia, Wales, Jamaica and Trinidad and Tobago. Uruguay is also the smallest nation to win Olympic gold medals in any team sport.
/m/0kk9v	Pixar Animation Studios, or simply Pixar, is an American computer animation film studio based in Emeryville, California. The studio is best known for its CGI-animated feature films created with PhotoRealistic RenderMan, its own implementation of the industry-standard RenderMan image-rendering application programming interface used to generate high-quality images. Pixar began in 1979 as the Graphics Group, part of the computer division of Lucasfilm before its spin-out as a corporation in 1986 with funding by Apple Inc. co-founder Steve Jobs, who became its majority shareholder. The Walt Disney Company bought Pixar in 2006 at a valuation of $7.4 billion, a transaction which made Jobs Disney's largest shareholder.\nPixar has produced fourteen feature films, beginning with Toy Story in 1995. All of the films have received both critical and financial success, with the notable exception being Cars 2, which, while commercially successful, received substantially less praise than Pixar's other productions. All fourteen films have debuted with CinemaScore ratings of at least \"A-\", indicating a very positive reception with audiences. The studio has also produced several short films. As of December 2013, its feature films have made over $8.5 billion worldwide, with an average worldwide gross of $607 million per film. Both Finding Nemo and Toy Story 3 are among the 50 highest-grossing films of all time, and all of Pixar's films are among the 50 highest-grossing animated films, with Toy Story 3 being the all-time highest, grossing over $1 billion worldwide.
/m/01prf3	The American Philosophical Society, founded in 1743 and located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, is an eminent scholarly organization of international reputation, that promotes useful knowledge in the sciences and humanities through excellence in scholarly research, professional meetings, publications, library resources, and community outreach. Considered the first learned society in the United States, it has played an important role in American cultural and intellectual life for over 270 years.\nThrough research grants, published journals, the American Philosophical Society Museum, an extensive library, and regular meetings, the society continues to advance a variety of disciplines in the humanities and the sciences. Philosophical Hall, now a museum, is located immediately east of Independence Hall and was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1966.; it is within Independence National Historical Park.
/m/02dh86	Lila Diane Sawyer is the current anchor of ABC News' flagship program, ABC World News. Previously, Sawyer had been co-anchor of ABC News's morning news program Good Morning America and primetime newsmagazine Primetime.
/m/014zws	Harvard Law School is one of the professional graduate schools of Harvard University. Located in Cambridge, Massachusetts, it is the oldest continually-operating law school in the United States and is home to the largest academic law library in the world.\nThe current Dean of Harvard Law School is Martha Minow, who assumed the role on July 1, 2009. Harvard Law has 246 faculty members. Many are preeminent legal scholars; Harvard Law School faculty were responsible for more papers downloaded on the Social Science Research Network than any other law school, a fact only partially explained by the school's size.\nHarvard Law School has produced a large number of luminaries in law and politics including current President Barack Obama as well as 2012 Presidential candidate Mitt Romney. World leaders counted among its graduates include the current President of the Republic of China, Ma Ying-jeou, and former Vice President Annette Lu; former Chief Justice of the Republic of the Philippines, Renato Corona; Chief Justice of Singapore Sundaresh Menon; former President of the World Bank Group, Robert Zoellick; current United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, Navanethem Pillay; and the former President of Ireland, Mary Robinson. Some 149 sitting United States federal judges are Harvard Law School graduates. Five of the nine sitting justices of the Supreme Court of the United States graduated from the law school; Associate Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg transferred to Columbia Law School after completing one year of study at Harvard. Seven sitting U.S. Senators graduated from the school.
/m/0qr8z	Yuma is a city in and the county seat of Yuma County, Arizona, United States. It is located in the southwestern corner of the state, and the population of the city was 93,064 at the 2010 census, up from the 2000 census population of 77,515.\nYuma is the principal city of the Yuma, AZ Metropolitan Statistical Area, which consists of Yuma County. According to the United States Census Bureau, the 2012 estimated population of the Yuma MSA is 200,022, though more than 85,000 retirees make Yuma their winter residence.
/m/01wdtv	MGM Records was a record label started by the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer film studio in 1946 for the purpose of releasing soundtrack albums of their musical films. It transitioned to a pop music label which continued into the 1970s. The company also released soundtrack albums of the music for some of their non-musical films as well, and on rare occasions, cast albums of off-Broadway musicals such as The Fantasticks and the 1954 revival of The Threepenny Opera. In one instance, it even released the highly successful soundtrack album of a film made by a rival studio, Columbia Pictures's Born Free.
/m/012xsy	The music of Japan includes a wide array of performers in distinct styles both traditional and modern. The word for music in Japanese is 音楽, combining the kanji 音 with the kanji 楽. Japan is the second largest music market in the world, with a total retail value of 4,422.0 million dollars in 2012 and most of the market is dominated by Japanese artists with 44 of the top 50 best selling albums and 46 of the top 50 best selling singles in 2013.\nLocal music often appears at karaoke venues, which is on lease from the record labels. Traditional Japanese music is quite different from Western Music as it is often based on the intervals of human breathing rather than mathematical timing.
/m/048xg8	Società Sportiva Calcio Napoli, commonly referred to as Napoli, is a professional Italian football club based in Naples and founded in 1926 The club has spent most of its history in Serie A, where it currently plays its 2013–14 season. Napoli has won Serie A twice, in 1986–87 and 1989–90. They have also won the Coppa Italia four times and the Supercoppa Italiana, and on the European stage have won the UEFA Cup in 1988–89. Napoli is also the most successful club in Southern Italy and the fourth most supported football club in Italy. The club is ranked the fifteenth most valuable football club in terms of annual revenue, generating €148.4 million in 2012.\nThe club has had several name changes since first appearing in 1926; the most important of these was in 1964, when it was changed from Associazione Calcio Napoli to Società Sportiva Calcio Napoli. The most recent change was in 2004, when the club went bankrupt but was refounded by film producer Aurelio De Laurentiis as Napoli Soccer; he restored the name to Società Sportiva Calcio Napoli two years later. The bankruptcy of the club in 2004 had seen it placed in the third division of Italian football, but progress of the reformed club was swift and after just three years it returned to Serie A.
/m/07kb7vh	Zookeeper is a 2011 American romantic comedy film starring Kevin James and featuring the voices of Nick Nolte, Sylvester Stallone, Adam Sandler, Judd Apatow, Cher, Jon Favreau, and Faizon Love. The film contains computer animation, is produced by Sandler's production company, Happy Madison, and was distributed by Columbia Pictures, and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. The film was released on July 8, 2011.
/m/0hyyq	East Prussia was the main part of the region of Prussia along the southeastern Baltic Coast from the 13th century to the end of World War II in May 1945. From 1772–1829 and 1878–1945, the Province of East Prussia was part of the German state of Prussia. The capital city was Königsberg.\nEast Prussia enclosed the bulk of the ancestral lands of the Baltic Old Prussians. During the 13th century, the native Prussians were conquered by the crusading Teutonic Knights. The indigenous Balts who survived the conquest were gradually converted to Christianity. Because of Germanization and colonisation over the following centuries, Germans became the dominant ethnic group, while Poles and Lithuanians formed minorities. From the 13th century, East Prussia was part of the monastic state of the Teutonic Knights. After the Second Peace of Thorn in 1466 it became a fief of the Kingdom of Poland. In 1525, with the Prussian Homage, the province became the Duchy of Prussia. The Old Prussian language had become extinct by the 17th or early 18th century.\nFollowing the death of Hohenzollern Albert of Brandenburg Prussia, Duke of Prussia, Joachim II, the prince-elector Kurfürst of Brandenburg, became co-inheritor of Ducal Prussia. In 1577, House of Hohenzollern co-regents took over administration from Albert's only son, Albert Friedrich. In 1618 the Duchy of Prussia again passed by inheritance and in personal union with the Hohenzollerns of Brandenburg and the territory was called Brandenburg-Prussia. The territories of the House of Hohenzollern were scattered in Franconia, Brandenburg, eastern Prussia and elsewhere.
/m/041rhq	Geoffrey Lewis is an American character actor.
/m/031hxk	The University of Cape Town is a public research university located in Cape Town in the Western Cape province of South Africa. UCT was founded in 1829 as the South African College, and is the oldest university in South Africa and the second oldest extant university in Africa. The language of instruction is English.
/m/01c22t	Monsters, Inc. is a 2001 American computer-animated comedy film directed by Pete Docter, produced by Pixar Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures. It was co-directed by Lee Unkrich and David Silverman and stars the voices of John Goodman, Billy Crystal, Steve Buscemi, James Coburn and Jennifer Tilly.\nThe film centers around two monsters employed at the titular Monsters, Inc.: top scarer James P. \"Sulley\" Sullivan, and his one-eyed partner and best friend, Mike Wazowski. Monsters, Inc. employees generate their city's power by targeting and scaring children, but they are themselves afraid that the children may contaminate them; when one child enters Monstropolis, Mike and Sulley must return her.\nDocter began developing the film in 1996 and wrote the story with Jill Culton, Jeff Pidgeon, and Ralph Eggleston. Fellow Pixar director Andrew Stanton wrote the screenplay with screenwriter Daniel Gerson. The characters went through many incarnations over the film's five-year production process. The technical team and animators found new ways to render fur and cloth realistically for the film. Randy Newman, who composed the music for Pixar's three prior films, returned to compose its fourth.
/m/01bkv	Bulgarian is an Indo-European language, a member of the Southern branch of the Slavic language family.\nBulgarian, along with the closely related Macedonian language, has several characteristics that set it apart from all other Slavic languages: changes include the elimination of case declension, the development of a suffixed definite article, and the lack of a verb infinitive, but it retains and has further developed the Proto-Slavic verb system. Various evidential verb forms exist to express unwitnessed, retold, and doubtful action.\nBased on the 2011 census, Ethnologue estimates that Bulgarian is spoken as a native language by 6.8 million. In 1999, the World Almanac had estimated 9 million.
/m/07_fl	Venice is a residential, commercial, and recreational beachfront neighborhood in the Westside district of the city of Los Angeles, California.\nVenice was founded in 1905 as a seaside resort town. It was an independent city until 1926, when it was annexed by Los Angeles. Today, Venice is known for its canals, beaches and circus-like Ocean Front Walk, a two-and-a-half-mile pedestrian-only promenade that features performers, fortune-tellers, artists, and vendors.
/m/09096d	Midwest hip hop is hip hop music performed by artists from the Midwestern United States. In contrast with its East Coast, West Coast and Southern counterparts, Midwest hip hop has very few constants. Its first dose of national popularity came in the mid-90s with the extremely fast-paced rappers known as Choppers, such as Bone Thugs-n-Harmony, Twista, Tech N9ne, Atmosphere, Machine Gun Kelly, Freddie Gibbs, and Eminem/Slim Shady.\nHowever, while the artists mentioned above became the first to introduce Midwest hip hop that rivaled the popularity of West and East Coast styles, subsequent acts have since risen to national prominence such as Nelly, D12, Common and Kanye West but they share very few similarities. Other notable midwest rappers and producers include: Brother Ali, Lupe Fiasco, Royce Da 5'9, J Dilla, Elzhi, Kid Cudi and Obie Trice. It is because these lack of constants between acts from different cities that it can be extremely difficult to define a \"typical\" Midwest sound. One characteristic of Midwest hip hop is that beat tempos can range from 90 to about 180, while East Coast's beat tempo is 90–120, West Coast is 100–120, and Southern rap is 80–180.
/m/0fzb5	A psychic is a person who claims to have an ability to perceive information hidden from the normal senses through extrasensory perception, or who is said by others to have such abilities. The word \"psychic\" is also used to describe theatrical performers, such as stage magicians, who use techniques such as prestidigitation, cold reading, and hot reading to produce the appearance of such abilities. It can also denote an ability of the mind to influence the world physically using psychokinetic powers such as those formerly claimed by Uri Geller.\nPsychics appear regularly in fantasy fiction, such as in the novel The Dead Zone by Stephen King. A large industry exists whereby psychics provide advice and counsel to clients. Some famous contemporary psychics include Miss Cleo, John Edward, and Sylvia Browne. Psychic powers are asserted by psychic detectives and in practices such as psychic archaeology and even psychic surgery.\nCritics attribute psychic powers to intentional trickery or to self-delusion. In 1988 the U.S. National Academy of Sciences gave a report on the subject and concluded there is \"no scientific justification from research conducted over a period of 130 years for the existence of parapsychological phenomena.\" A study attempted to repeat recently reported parapsychological experiments that appeared to support the existence of precognition. All attempts to repeat the results \"failed to produce significant effects\", and thus \"do not support the existence of psychic ability.\"
/m/017575	Porto Alegre is the capital and largest city in the Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Sul. Its population of 1,509,939 inhabitants makes it the tenth most populous city in the country and the centre of Brazil's fourth largest metropolitan area, with 4,405,760 inhabitants. The city is the southernmost capital city of a Brazilian state. Porto Alegre is one of the top cultural, political and economic centers of Brazil.\nPorto Alegre was founded in 1772 by immigrants from the Azores, Portugal. In the late 19th century the city received many immigrants from other parts of the world, particularly from Germany, Italy, and Poland. The vast majority of the population is of European descent.\nThe city lies on the eastern bank of the Rio Guaiba, where five rivers converge to form the Lagoa dos Patos, a giant freshwater lagoon navigable by even the largest of ships. This five-river junction has become an important alluvial port as well as a chief industrial and commercial center of Brazil.\nThe port of Porto Alegre is important for transporting local produce. The \"capital gaúcha\" has a broad-based economy that lays particular emphasis on agriculture and industry. Agricultural production includes produce such as plums, peaches, rice and cassava grown on rural smallholdings. The shoe and leather industries are also important, especially in Novo Hamburgo, in the Metropolitan Region of Porto Alegre.
/m/01bkb	Bali is an island and the smallest province of Indonesia, and includes a few smaller neighbouring islands, notably Nusa Penida. It is located at the westernmost end of the Lesser Sunda Islands, between Java to the west and Lombok to the east, and has its capital of Denpasar at the southern part of the island.\nWith a population of 3,890,757 in the 2010 census, and currently 4.22 million, the island is home to most of Indonesia's Hindu minority. According to the 2010 Census, 84.5% of Bali's population adhered to Balinese Hinduism, 12% to Islam, and most of the remainder followed Christianity. Bali is also the largest tourist destination in the country and is renowned for its highly developed arts, including traditional and modern dance, sculpture, painting, leather, metalworking, and music. A tourist haven for decades, the province has seen a further surge in tourist numbers in recent years.
/m/02snj9	Programming is a form of music production and performance using electronic devices, such as sequencers, to generate music. Programming is used in nearly all forms of electronic music and in most hip hop music since the 1990s. It is also frequently used in modern pop and rock music from various regions of the world, and sometimes in jazz and contemporary classical music. In the 21st century, programming has been incorporated into various styles of post-hardcore and metalcore music.
/m/01bx35	The 43rd Annual Grammy Awards were held on February 21, 2001 at Staples Center, Los Angeles. Several artists earned three awards on the night: Steely Dan's haul included Album of the Year for Two Against Nature; U2 took home the Record of the Year and Song of the Year for Beautiful Day; Dr. Dre won Producer of the Year, Non-Classical & Best Rap Album for Eminem's The Marshall Mathers LP; Eminem himself also received three awards, out of four nominations; Faith Hill took home Best Country Album for the album Breathe, Best Female Country Vocal Performance for the song's title track and for Best Country Collaboration with Vocals with Tim McGraw for \"Let's Make Love\".
/m/0mzkr	Island Records is a record label that was founded by Chris Blackwell and Graeme Goodall in Jamaica. It was based in the United Kingdom for many years and since 1998 has been owned by Universal Music Group. Until Blackwell sold the label to PolyGram in 1989, Island was the largest independent record label in history and had exerted a major influence on the progressive UK music scene in the early 1970s.\nAs of February 2014, three Island label brands exist in the world: Island UK, Island US, and Island Australia. Partially due to the label's significant legacy, Island remains one of UMG's pre-eminent record labels, alongside Interscope Records and Republic Records. In a 50-year anniversary documentary, Island Records artist Melissa Etheridge stated: \"If you want to look at world music, music of the last 50 years that changed the world, you need look no further than Island Records.\"
/m/016s0m	Tracy Chapman is an American singer-songwriter, known for her singles \"Fast Car\", \"Talkin' 'bout a Revolution\", \"Baby Can I Hold You\", \"Crossroads\", \"Give Me One Reason\" and \"Telling Stories\". She is a multi-platinum and four-time Grammy Award-winning artist.
/m/01kcmr	Black Entertainment Television is an American basic cable and satellite television channel that is owned by the BET Networks division of Viacom. It is the most prominent television network targeting African American audiences, and currently reaches more than 90 million households. The channel is headquartered in Washington, D.C.. Programming on the network comprises original and acquired television series, and theatrically- and home video-released movies, along with mainstream rap, hip-hop and R&B music video.\nAs of August 2013, approximately 91,159,000 American households receive BET.
/m/0rvty	Decatur is a city in, and county seat of, DeKalb County, Georgia, United States. With a population of 19,335 in the 2010 census, the city is sometimes assumed to be larger since multiple zip codes in unincorporated DeKalb County bear the Decatur name. It is an intown suburb of Atlanta and part of the Atlanta Metropolitan Area, and its public transportation is served by three MARTA rail stations. Decatur's official motto is \"A city of homes, schools and places of worship.\" Prior to 2000, this motto was \"A city of homes, schools, and churches.\" 'Decatur' can either be pronounced \"dee-kay-tur\" or \"deh-ka-tour\".
/m/02nvg1	The Kellogg School of Management is the business school of Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois, with additional campuses in downtown Chicago, Illinois and Miami, Florida. Kellogg offers full-time, part-time, and executive programs, and partners with schools in China, France/Singapore, India, Hong Kong, Israel, Germany, Canada, and Thailand. Degrees granted include the Master of Business Administration, Ph.D., an MBA-JD, and Master of Management and Manufacturing, a MBA + MEM dual degree.\nFounded in 1908 in downtown Chicago as a part-time evening program, the school was chartered to educate business leaders with \"good moral character.\" Kellogg pioneered the use of group projects and evaluations and popularized the importance of \"teamwork\" and \"team leadership\" within the business world.\nKellogg has historically been ranked as one of the top business schools in the world by BusinessWeek, U.S. News & World Report, The Economist Intelligence Unit, and other business news outlets. The PTMBA program has recently been ranked #1 in the nation by Business Week. Alumni from the Kellogg school hold leadership positions in for-profit, nonprofit, governmental, and academic institutions around the world.
/m/07h1tr	Rufus Franklin Comer Jr. is the father of Anjanette Comer.
/m/0zjpz	Richard Stephen \"Richie\" Sambora is an American rock guitarist, producer, musician, singer and songwriter who is the longtime lead guitarist of the rock band Bon Jovi. He and frontman Jon Bon Jovi form the primary songwriting unit of the band. He has also released three solo albums: Stranger in This Town in 1991, Undiscovered Soul in 1998, and his third, Aftermath of the Lowdown was released in September 2012.
/m/025rst1	Mecklenburg County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina. The population of Mecklenburg County is 969,031 people, making it both the most populated and densely populated county in North Carolina. Its county seat and largest city is Charlotte.
/m/03d8m4	The Paraguay national football team is controlled by the Paraguayan Football Association and represents Paraguay in men's international football competitions. The team has reached the second round of the World Cup on four occasions. The 2010 trip also featured their first appearance in the quarterfinals. Paraguay's only major tournament victories have come in the Copa América, in which they triumphed in 1953 and in 1979.\nSouth Africa 2010 was Paraguay's fourth consecutive trip to the World Cup final tournament, having previously qualified for the final at France 1998, Korea/Japan 2002, and Germany 2006. However, after a poor qualifying campaign, Paraguay failed to qualify for Brazil 2014, missing out on the chance to play in a World Cup hosted on their own continent.
/m/01kp_1t	Priscilla \"CeCe\" Marie Winans Love is an American gospel singer, who has won numerous awards, including ten Grammy Awards and seven Stellar Awards. She has sold 16 million records world wide. Cece is also the best selling female gospel artist of all time. And the most famous female gospel artist in history.
/m/04gzd	Lithuania officially the Republic of Lithuania is a country in Northern Europe, the largest of the three Baltic states. It is situated along the southeastern shore of the Baltic Sea, to the east of Sweden and Denmark. It borders Latvia to the north, Belarus to the east and south, Poland to the south, and Kaliningrad Oblast to the southwest. Lithuania has an estimated population of 3 million as of 2013, and its capital and largest city is Vilnius. The Lithuanians are a Baltic people, and the official language, Lithuanian, is one of only two living languages in the Baltic branch of the Indo-European language family.\nFor centuries, the southeastern shore of the Baltic Sea was inhabited by various Baltic tribes. In the 1230s the Lithuanian lands were united by Mindaugas, the King of Lithuania, and the first unified Lithuanian state, the Kingdom of Lithuania, was created on 6 July 1253. During the 14th century, the Grand Duchy of Lithuania was the largest country in Europe: present-day Lithuania, Belarus, Ukraine, and parts of Poland and Russia were the territories of the Grand Duchy. With the Lublin Union of 1569, Lithuania and Poland formed a voluntary two-state union, the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth. The Commonwealth lasted more than two centuries, until neighboring countries systematically dismantled it from 1772 to 1795, with the Russian Empire annexing most of Lithuania's territory.
/m/05qg6g	Zoe Yadira Saldaña Nazario, known as Zoë Saldana or Zoe Saldana, is a Dominican-American actress and dancer. She had her breakthrough roles in the 2000 film Center Stage and the 2002 film Crossroads. She later gained prominence for her roles as Anamaria in Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl, Uhura in the 2009 film Star Trek and its 2013 sequel Star Trek into Darkness, and her motion capture work as Neytiri in James Cameron's Avatar and its upcoming sequels.
/m/053fc5	The Senate of Virginia is the upper house of the Virginia General Assembly. The Senate is composed of 40 Senators representing an equal number of single-member constituent districts. The Senate is presided over by the Lieutenant Governor of Virginia. Prior to the American War of Independence, the upper house of the General Assembly was represented by the Virginia Governor's Council, consisting of up to 12 executive counselors appointed by the Colonial Royal Governor as advisers and jurists.\nThe Lieutenant Governor presides daily over the Virginia Senate. In the Lieutenant Governor's absence, the President pro Tempore presides, usually a powerful member of the majority party. The Senate is equal with the House of Delegates, the lower chamber of the legislature, except that taxation bills must originate in the House, similar to the federal U.S. Congress.\nMembers of the Virginia Senate are elected every four years by the voters of the 40 senatorial districts on the Tuesday succeeding the first Monday in November. The last election took place in November 2011. There are no term limits for Senators.\nIn the 2007 Virginia state elections, the Democratic Party reclaimed the majority in the Senate for the first time since 1995, when the Republican Party gained a 20-20 split. The Republicans took control of the Senate for the first time in history after a January 1998 special election. The 2011 elections resulted in a 20-20 split between the parties, but as the tie breaker was Republican Lt. Governor Bill Bolling, the Republicans effectively regained control. After the 2013 elections, Democratic State Senator Ralph Northam became the Lt. Governor, but the Democrats did not regain control of the chamber until Northam's seat was filled with a fellow Democrat after a January 2014 special election.
/m/01bpnd	Noel Thomas David Gallagher is an English musician, singer, and songwriter. He served as the lead guitarist, occasional lead singer and principal songwriter of the rock band Oasis. Raised in Burnage, Manchester, Gallagher began learning guitar at the age of thirteen. After a series of odd jobs in construction, he worked for local Manchester band Inspiral Carpets as a roadie and technician in 1988. Whilst touring with them, he learned that his brother Liam Gallagher had formed a band of his own, known as The Rain, which eventually took on the name Oasis. After Gallagher returned to England, he was invited by his brother to join Oasis as songwriter and guitarist.\nOasis' debut album, Definitely Maybe, marked the beginning of the band's rise to fame as part of the Britpop movement. Oasis' second album, Morning Glory?, reached the top of the album charts in many countries and their third studio album, Be Here Now, became the fastest-selling album in UK chart history. Britpop eventually declined in popularity and Oasis' next two albums failed to revive it. However, the band's final two albums, Don't Believe the Truth and Dig Out Your Soul, were hailed as its best efforts in over a decade and found renewed success. On 28 August 2009, following an altercation with Liam prior to a gig in Paris, Gallagher announced his departure from Oasis and on 23 October 2009, he confirmed he would embark on a solo career. Gallagher would go on to form Noel Gallagher's High Flying Birds.
/m/04jm_hq	The Messenger is a 2009 war drama film starring Ben Foster, Woody Harrelson, Steve Buscemi, Jena Malone, and Samantha Morton. It is the directorial debut of Oren Moverman, who also wrote the screenplay with Alessandro Camon.\nThe film premiered at the 2009 Sundance Film Festival and was in competition at the 59th Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Silver Bear for Best Screenplay and the Berlinale Peace Film Award '09. The film received first prize for the 2009 Deauville American Film Festival. The film has also received four Independent Spirit Award nominations, a Golden Globe nomination, and two Academy Award nominations.
/m/03t1s	The Isle of Man, otherwise known simply as Mann, is a self-governing British Crown Dependency, located in the Irish Sea between the islands of Great Britain and Ireland. The head of state is Queen Elizabeth II, who holds the title of Lord of Mann. The Lord of Mann is represented by a Lieutenant Governor, but its foreign relations and defence are the responsibility of the British Government.\nThe island has been inhabited since before 6500 BC. As one of the six Celtic nations, Gaelic cultural influence began in the 5th century AD, and the Manx language, a branch of the Gaelic languages, gradually emerged. In 627, Edwin of Northumbria conquered the Isle of Man along with most of Mercia. In the 9th century, the Norse began to settle there. Norse people from Scotland then established the Kingdom of the Isles. The King's title would then carry the suffix, \"and the Isles\". Magnus III, the King of Norway, was also known as \"King of Mann and the Isles\" as part of the Hebrides civilization between 1099 and 1103. A Norse-Gaelic culture arose and the island came under Norse control. In 1266, the island became part of Scotland, as formalised by the Treaty of Perth. After a period of alternating rule by the kings of Scotland and England, the island came under the feudal lordship of the English Crown in 1399. The lordship revested into the British Crown in 1765, but the island never became part of the kingdom of Great Britain or its successor the United Kingdom, retaining its status as an internally self-governing Crown dependency.
/m/0820xz	The University of Nairobi is the largest university in Kenya. Although its history as an educational institution goes back to 1956, it did not become an independent university until 1970 when the University of East Africa was split into three independent universities: Makerere University in Uganda, the University of Dar es Salaam in Tanzania, and the University of Nairobi.\nIn 2011 the University had some 61,912 students, of whom 49,488 were undergraduates and 12,424 postgraduates.The university has launched several policy frameworks and introduced self-funded enrollment to cope with the demand of higher education in Kenya.\nThe University of Nairobi was ranked number 1 of all public and private Universities in Kenya and ranked number 1479 worldwide by the webometric ranking in 2012.
/m/013f9v	Saint Cloud is a city in the U.S. state of Minnesota and the largest population center in the state's central region; the Mississippi River runs through it. Its population is 65,986, according to 2012 census estimates, making it Minnesota's eighth largest city. St. Cloud is the county seat of Stearns County and was named after the city of Saint-Cloud, France, which was named for the 6th-century French monk Clodoald.\nThough mostly in Stearns County, St. Cloud also extends into Benton and Sherburne counties. It is the center of a small, contiguous urban area totaling over 114,000 residents, with Waite Park, Sauk Rapids, Sartell, St. Joseph, Rockville, and St. Augusta directly bordering the city, and Foley, Rice, Kimball, Clearwater, Clear Lake, and Cold Spring nearby. With 189,093 residents at the 2010 census, the St. Cloud metropolitan area is the fourth-largest in Minnesota, behind Minneapolis–St. Paul, Duluth–Superior, and Rochester.\nSt. Cloud is 65 miles northwest of the \"Twin Cities\" of Minneapolis–St. Paul along Interstate 94, U.S. Highway 10, and Minnesota State Highway 23. The St. Cloud Metropolitan Statistical Area is made up of Stearns and Benton Counties. The city was included in a newly defined Minneapolis–St. Paul–St. Cloud Combined Statistical Area in 2000. St. Cloud as a whole has never been part of the 13-county MSA comprising Minneapolis, St. Paul, Bloomington and parts of western Wisconsin, although its Sherburne County portion is considered part of the Twin Cities metropolitan area by Census Bureau definition.
/m/0gm34	Rodney Stephen \"Rod\" Steiger was an American actor known for his performances in such films as On the Waterfront, The Big Knife, Oklahoma!, The Harder They Fall, Across the Bridge, The Pawnbroker, Doctor Zhivago, In the Heat of the Night, and Waterloo as well as the television programs Marty and Jesus of Nazareth.
/m/0cqr0q	American Psycho is a 2000 American cult crime drama film directed by Mary Harron based on Bret Easton Ellis's novel of the same name. It stars Christian Bale, Willem Dafoe, Jared Leto, Josh Lucas, Samantha Mathis, Chloë Sevigny, Cara Seymour, Justin Theroux, and Reese Witherspoon. It debuted at the Sundance Film Festival on April 14, 2000.
/m/015y_n	Swing music, or simply Swing, is a form of American music that developed in the early 1930s and became a distinctive style by 1940. Swing uses a strong rhythm section of double bass and drums as the anchor for a lead section of brass instruments such as trumpets and trombones, woodwinds including saxophones and clarinets, and sometimes stringed instruments such as violin and guitar, medium to fast tempos, and a \"lilting\" swing time rhythm. The name swing came from the phrase ‘swing feel’ where the emphasis is on the off–beat or weaker pulse in the music. Swing bands usually featured soloists who would improvise on the melody over the arrangement.\nThe danceable swing style of big bands and bandleaders such as Benny Goodman was the dominant form of American popular music from 1935 to 1946, a period known as the Swing Era.\nThe verb \"to swing\" is also used as a term of praise for playing that has a strong rhythmic \"groove\" or drive.
/m/03r0g9	Casino Royale is the twenty-first film in the Eon Productions James Bond film series and the first to star Daniel Craig as fictional MI6 agent James Bond. Directed by Martin Campbell and written by Neal Purvis, Robert Wade and Paul Haggis, the film marks the third screen adaptation of Ian Fleming's 1953 novel of the same name. Casino Royale is set at the beginning of Bond's career as Agent 007, just as he is earning his licence to kill. After preventing a terrorist attack at Miami International Airport, Bond falls for Vesper Lynd, the treasury employee assigned to provide the money he needs to bankrupt terrorist financier Le Chiffre by beating him in a high-stakes poker game. The story arc continues in the following Bond film, Quantum of Solace.\nCasino Royale reboots the series, establishing a new timeline and narrative framework not meant to precede or succeed any previous Bond film, which allows the film to show a less experienced and more vulnerable Bond. Additionally, the character Miss Moneypenny is, for the first time in the series, completely absent. Casting the film involved a widespread search for a new actor to portray James Bond, and significant controversy surrounded Craig when he was selected to succeed Pierce Brosnan in October 2005. Location filming took place in the Czech Republic, the Bahamas, Italy and the United Kingdom with interior sets built at Pinewood Studios. Although part of the storyline is set in Montenegro, no filming took place there. Casino Royale was produced by Eon Productions for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and Columbia Pictures, making it the first Eon-produced Bond film to be co-produced by the latter studio.
/m/07ghv5	Fullmetal Alchemist the Movie: Conqueror of Shamballa is a 2005 Japanese animated film directed by Seiji Mizushima and written by Sho Aikawa. A sequel to the first Fullmetal Alchemist television series, the film follows the story of alchemist Edward Elric as he attempts to return to his homeworld, having lived for two years on a parallel universe Earth, while his younger brother Alphonse is also trying to reunite with him by any means necessary. Edward's search attracts the attention of the Thule Society, which seeks to enter his homeworld, believing it to be Shamballa, in order to obtain new weapons to help them in World War II.\nConqueror of Shamballa premiered in Japan on July 23, 2005. A CD soundtrack has also been published featuring music from the film developed by Michiru Oshima and L'Arc-en-Ciel. In Japan, it has been edited in a standard DVD, as well as in a limited edition. It was later licensed in North America by Funimation that featured the film in cinemas for a short time, and also released it on DVD and Blu-ray.\nMost of the staff from the first Fullmetal Alchemist anime started development on Conqueror of Shamballa shortly after the anime's ending. The original script had to be shortened to fit the film's length of 105 minutes. During its premiere in Japan, Conqueror of Shamballa remained as one of the most popular films in the year. Critical reaction to the film has commonly been positive, with reviews praising the film's story and graphics used.
/m/04jhhng	The Dilys Award have been presented every year since 1992 by the Independent Mystery Booksellers Association. It is given to the mystery title of the year which the member booksellers have most enjoyed selling. The Independent Mystery Booksellers Association is an association of retail businesses that are either wholly or substantially devoted to the sale of mystery books. The Dilys award is named after Dilys Winn, who founded the first specialty bookseller of mystery books in the United States.
/m/01twdk	Jonathan Kolia \"Jon\" Favreau is an American actor, director, screenwriter, voice artist, and comedian. As an actor, he is best known for his roles in Rudy, Swingers, Very Bad Things, and The Break-Up. His notable directorial efforts include Elf, Iron Man, Iron Man 2, and Cowboys & Aliens. He also served as an executive producer on The Avengers and more recently, Iron Man 3. His most prominent television role was that of Pete Becker, Monica Geller's boyfriend during season three of the television sitcom Friends.
/m/016z1t	Glen Travis Campbell is an American country music singer, guitarist, television host and occasional actor. He is best known for a series of hits in the 1960s and 1970s, as well as for hosting a variety show called The Glen Campbell Goodtime Hour on CBS television.\nDuring his 50 years in show business, Campbell has released more than 70 albums. He has sold 45 million records and accumulated 12 RIAA Gold albums, 4 Platinum albums and 1 Double-Platinum album. Campbell's hits include John Hartford's \"Gentle on My Mind\", Jimmy Webb's \"By the Time I Get to Phoenix\", \"Wichita Lineman\" and \"Galveston\", Larry Weiss's \"Rhinestone Cowboy\" and Allen Toussaint's \"Southern Nights\".\nCampbell made history by winning four Grammys in both country and pop categories in 1967. For \"Gentle on My Mind\" he received two awards in country & western, \"By the Time I Get to Phoenix\" did the same in pop. He owns trophies for Male Vocalist of the Year from both the Country Music Association and the Academy of Country Music, and took the CMA's top award as 1968 Entertainer of the Year. In 1969 Campbell was picked by actor John Wayne to play alongside him in the film True Grit, which gave Campbell a Golden Globe nomination for Most Promising Newcomer. Campbell sang the title song which was nominated for an Academy Award.
/m/01v15f	Rostov-on-Don is a port city and the administrative center of Rostov Oblast and the Southern Federal District of Russia. It lies to the southeast of the East European Plain, on the Don River, 32 kilometers from the Sea of Azov. The southwestern suburbs of the city abut the Don River delta. Population: 1,089,261; 1,068,267; 1,019,305.
/m/0jmxb	Cumbria is a non-metropolitan county in North West England. The county and Cumbria County Council, its local authority, came into existence in 1974 after the passage of the Local Government Act 1972. Cumbria's largest settlement and county town is Carlisle and the only other major urban area is Barrow-in-Furness on the south-western tip of the county which has a population just slightly smaller than Carlisle. The county of Cumbria consists of six districts, and in 2008 had a population of just under half a million. Cumbria is one of the most sparsely populated counties in the United Kingdom, with 73.4 people per km².\nCumbria, the third largest ceremonial county in England by area, is bounded to the north by the Scottish council areas of Dumfries and Galloway and Scottish Borders, to the west by the Irish Sea, to the south by Lancashire, to the southeast by North Yorkshire, and to the east by County Durham and Northumberland.\nCumbria is predominantly rural and contains the Lake District and Lake District National Park, considered one of England's most outstanding areas of natural beauty, serving as inspiration for artists, writers, and musicians. Much of Cumbria is mountainous, and it contains every peak in England over 3,000 feet above sea level, with Scafell Pike at 3,209 feet being the highest point of England. An upland, coastal, and rural area, Cumbria's history is characterised by invasions, migration, and settlement, as well as battles and skirmishes between the English and Scottish. Historic sites in Cumbria include Carlisle Castle, Furness Abbey, and Hadrian's Wall, a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
/m/03g3w	History is the study of the past, specifically how it relates to humans. It is an umbrella term that relates to past events as well as the discovery, collection, organization, and presentation of information about these events. The term includes cosmic, geologic, and organic history, but is often generically implied to mean human history. Scholars who write about history are called historians. Events occurring prior to written record are considered prehistory.\nHistory can also refer to the academic discipline which uses a narrative to examine and analyse a sequence of past events, and objectively determine the patterns of cause and effect that determine them. Historians sometimes debate the nature of history and its usefulness by discussing the study of the discipline as an end in itself and as a way of providing \"perspective\" on the problems of the present.\nStories common to a particular culture, but not supported by external sources are usually classified as cultural heritage or legends, because they do not support the \"disinterested investigation\" required of the discipline of history. Herodotus, a 5th-century BC Greek historian is considered within the Western tradition to be the \"father of history\", and, along with his contemporary Thucydides, helped form the foundations for the modern study of human history. Their work continues to be read today and the divide between the culture-focused Herodotus and the military-focused Thucydides remains a point of contention or approach in modern historical writing. In the Eastern tradition, a state chronicle the Spring and Autumn Annals was known to be compiled from as early as 722 BC although only 2nd century BC texts survived.
/m/06ys2	Spider-Man is a fictional character, a comic book superhero that appears in comic books published by Marvel Comics. Created by writer-editor Stan Lee and writer-artist Steve Ditko, he first appeared in Amazing Fantasy #15. Lee and Ditko conceived the character as an orphan being raised by his Aunt May and Uncle Ben, and as a teenager, having to deal with the normal struggles of adolescence in addition to those of a costumed crimefighter. Spider-Man's creators gave him super strength and agility, the ability to cling to most surfaces, shoot spider-webs using wrist-mounted devices of his own invention, and react to danger quickly with his \"spider-sense\", enabling him to combat his foes.\nWhen Spider-Man first appeared in the early 1960s, teenagers in superhero comic books were usually relegated to the role of sidekick to the protagonist. The Spider-Man series broke ground by featuring Peter Parker, a teenage high school student and person behind Spider-Man's secret identity to whose \"self-obsessions with rejection, inadequacy, and loneliness\" young readers could relate. Unlike previous teen heroes such as Bucky and Robin, Spider-Man did not benefit from being the protégé of any adult superhero mentors like Captain America and Batman, and thus had to learn for himself that \"with great power there must also come great responsibility\"—a line included in a text box in the final panel of the first Spider-Man story, but later retroactively attributed to his guardian, the late Uncle Ben.
/m/011z3g	Outkast is an American hip hop duo formed in 1992, in East Point, Atlanta, Georgia, composed of Atlanta-based rappers André \"André 3000\" Benjamin and Antwan \"Big Boi\" Patton. They were originally known as Two Shades Deep but later changed the group's name to OutKast. The group's original musical style was a mixture of Dirty South and G-funk. Subsequently however, funk, soul, rock, electronic music, spoken word poetry, jazz and blues elements have been added to the group's musical palette.\nAfter forming the group as high school students in 1992, Outkast released their debut album Southernplayalisticadillacmuzik, which gained popularity after the single \"Player's Ball\", reached number one on the Billboard Hot Rap Tracks chart. With successive releases including ATLiens in 1996, Aquemini in 1998 and Stankonia in 2000, Outkast continually experimented and developed their music. In 2003, the duo released the double album Speakerboxxx/The Love Below, which featured the number one singles \"Hey Ya!\" and \"The Way You Move\". Speakerboxxx/The Love Below won the Grammy Award for Album of the Year in 2004, the first and only for a hip hop group. Outkast next created the soundtrack for the 2006 musical film Idlewild, which they starred in. Since 2007, Outkast has been on hiatus and both members have pursued their solo careers, although the group moved to Epic Records in September 2011. In January 2014, Outkast announced they would reunite to celebrate their 20th anniversary by performing at more than 40 festivals worldwide in 2014, beginning at the Coachella Festival in April.
/m/026_51	Japanese mythology embraces Shinto and Buddhist traditions as well as agriculturally based folk religion. The Shinto pantheon comprises innumerable kami. This article will discuss only the typical elements present in Asian mythology, such as cosmogony, important deities, and the best known Japanese stories.\nJapanese myths, as generally recognized in the mainstream today, are based on the Kojiki, the Nihon Shoki, and some complementary books. The Kojiki, or \"Record of Ancient Matters\", is the oldest surviving account of Japan's myths, legends and history. The Shintōshū describes the origins of Japanese deities from a Buddhist perspective, while the Hotsuma Tsutae records a substantially different version of the mythology.\nOne notable feature of Japanese mythology is its explanation of the origin of the imperial family which has been used historically to assign godhood to the imperial line. The Japanese title of the Emperor of Japan, tennō, means \"heavenly sovereign\".\nNote: Japanese is not transliterated consistently across all sources, see: #Spelling of proper nouns
/m/02k4gv	Matthew Chandler Fox is an American actor. He is known for his roles as Charlie Salinger on Party of Five and Jack Shephard on the supernatural drama television series Lost.
/m/02h48	Danny Kaye was an American actor, singer, dancer, and comedian. His performances featured physical comedy, idiosyncratic pantomimes, and rapid-fire nonsense songs.\nKaye starred in 17 movies, notably The Kid from Brooklyn, The Secret Life of Walter Mitty, The Inspector General, Hans Christian Andersen, White Christmas, and The Court Jester. His films were popular, especially his bravura performances of patter songs and favorites such as \"Inchworm\" and \"The Ugly Duckling\". He was the first ambassador-at-large of UNICEF in 1954 and received the French Legion of Honor in 1986 for his years of work with the organization.
/m/016cff	Venus Ebony Starr Williams is an American professional tennis player who is a former World No. 1 and is ranked World No. 37 in singles as of January 17, 2014. She has been ranked World No. 1 in singles by the Women's Tennis Association on three separate occasions. She became the World No. 1 for the first time on February 25, 2002, becoming the first American black woman to achieve this feat during the Open Era. She is credited as changing the women's game and ushering a new, modern era of power and athleticism on the women's professional tennis tour. She is also regarded as the best grass court player of her generation and she is widely considered as one of the all-time greats of women's tennis.\nHer seven Grand Slam singles titles tie her for twelfth on the all time list, and is more than any other active female player except for her younger sister Serena Williams. Her 22 overall Grand Slam titles consist of seven in singles, thirteen in women's doubles, and two in mixed doubles. Her five Wimbledon singles titles tie her with two other women for eighth place on the all-time list. Venus Williams is one of only four women in the open era to have won five or more Wimbledon singles titles. Between the 2000 Wimbledon Championships to the 2001 US Open, Williams won four of the six Grand Slam singles tournaments held. She is one of only five women in the open era to win 200 or more main draw Grand Slam singles matches.
/m/020lpx	Moscow Oblast, or Podmoskovye, is a federal subject of Russia. Its area, at 45,900 km², is relatively small compared to other federal subjects, but it is one of the most densely populated regions in the country and, with the population of 7,095,120, is the second most populous federal subject. There is no official administrative center of Moscow Oblast; its public authorities are located in Moscow and across other locations in the oblast.\nThe oblast was founded in 1929. It borders Tver Oblast in the northwest, Yaroslavl Oblast in the north, Vladimir Oblast in the northeast and east, Ryazan Oblast in the southeast, Tula Oblast in the south, Kaluga Oblast in the southwest and Smolensk Oblast in the west. In the center stands the federal city of Moscow, which is a separate federal subject in its own right. The oblast is highly industrialized, with its main industrial branches being metallurgy, oil refining, and mechanical engineering, food, energy, and chemical industries.
/m/02w1b8	The arms industry is a global business that manufactures weapons and military technology and equipment. It consists of commercial industry involved in research, development, production, and the service of military material, equipment, and facilities. Arms producing companies, also referred to as defense contractors or military industry, produce arms mainly for the armed forces of states. Departments of government also operate in the arms industry, buying and selling weapons, munitions and other military items. Products include guns, ammunition, missiles, military aircraft, military vehicles, ships, electronic systems, and more. The arms industry also conducts significant research and development.\nIt is estimated that yearly, over 1.5 trillion US dollars are spent on military expenditures worldwide. This represents a decline from 1990 when military expenditures made up 4% of world GDP. Part of this goes to the procurement of military hardware and services from the military industry. The combined arms sales of the top 100 largest arms producing companies amounted to an estimated $315 billion in 2006. In 2004 over $30 billion were spent in the international arms trade. The arms trade has also been one of the sectors impacted by the credit crunch, with total deal value in the market halving from US$32.9 billion to US$14.3 billion in 2008. Many industrialized countries have a domestic arms industry to supply their own military forces. Some countries also have a substantial legal or illegal domestic trade in weapons for use by its citizens. An illegal trade in small arms is prevalent in many countries and regions affected by political instability. The Small Arms Survey estimates 875 million small arms in circulation worldwide, produced by more than 1,000 companies from nearly 100 countries.
/m/01wl38s	Nicholas Edward \"Nick\" Cave is an Australian musician, songwriter, author, screenwriter, composer and occasional film actor.\nHe is best known for his work as a frontman of the critically acclaimed rock band Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds, established in 1983, a group known for its eclectic influences and musical styles. Before that, he fronted the group The Birthday Party in the early 1980s, a band renowned for its highly gothic, challenging lyrics and violent sound influenced by post-punk, blues and free jazz. In 2006, he formed the garage rock band Grinderman that released its debut the following year. Cave's music is generally characterised by emotional intensity, a wide variety of influences, and lyrical obsessions with religion, death, love and violence.\nUpon Cave's induction into the ARIA Hall of Fame, ARIA Awards committee chairman Ed St John said, \"Nick Cave has enjoyed—and continues to enjoy—one of the most extraordinary careers in the annals of popular music. He is an Australian artist like Sidney Nolan is an Australian artist—beyond comparison, beyond genre, beyond dispute.\"
/m/026mg3	The Grammy Award for Best Country Instrumental Performance was awarded from 1970 to 2011. Between 1986 and 1989 the award was presented as the Grammy Award for Best Country Instrumental Performance.\nThe award will be discontinued from 2012 in a major overhaul of Grammy categories. From 2012, the best instrumental performances in the country category will be shifted to either the Best Country Solo Performance or Best Country Duo/Group Performance categories, both newly formed.\nYears reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were presented, for works released in the previous year.
/m/0hn10	LGBT is an initialism that stands for lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender. In use since the 1990s, the term is an adaptation of the initialism LGB, which itself started replacing the term gay when in reference to the LGBT community beginning in the mid-to-late 1980s, as many felt the term gay community did not accurately represent all those to whom it referred. The initialism has become mainstream as a self-designation and has been adopted by the majority of sexuality and gender identity-based community centers and media in the United States and some other English-speaking countries. It is also used in some other countries in whose languages the initialism is meaningful, such as France.\nThe initialism LGBT is intended to emphasize a diversity of sexuality and gender identity-based cultures and is sometimes used to refer to anyone who is non-heterosexual or non-cisgender instead of exclusively to people who are lesbian, gay, bisexual, or transgender. To recognize this inclusion, a popular variant adds the letter Q for those who identify as queer and/or are questioning their sexual identity as LGBTQ, recorded since 1996.\nOn the one hand, some intersex people who want to be included in LGBT groups suggest an extended initialism LGBTI. This initialism \"LGBTI\" is used in all parts of \"The Activist's Guide\" of the Yogyakarta Principles in Action. Furthermore, the initialism LGBTIH has seen use in India to encompass the hijra third gender identity and the related subculture. More recently the catch-all term \"Gender and Sexual Diversity\" GSD has been proposed.
/m/01wj92r	Eric Hilliard Nelson — known as Ricky Nelson, later also as Rick Nelson — was an American actor, musician and singer-songwriter. He starred alongside his family in the television series, The Adventures of Ozzie and Harriet, as well as co-starring alongside John Wayne and Dean Martin in Howard Hawks's western feature film, Rio Bravo. He placed 53 songs on the Billboard Hot 100 between 1957 and 1973 including \"Poor Little Fool\" which holds the distinction of being the first #1 song on Billboard magazine's then-newly created Hot 100 chart. He recorded 19 additional Top 10 hits and was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame on January 21, 1987. In 1996, he was ranked #49 on TV Guide's 50 Greatest TV Stars of All Time.\nNelson began his entertainment career in 1949 playing himself in the radio sitcom series, The Adventures of Ozzie and Harriet. In 1952, he appeared in his first feature film, Here Come the Nelsons. In 1957, he recorded his first single, debuted as a singer on the television version of the sitcom, and released the #1 album entitled Ricky. In 1958, Nelson released his first #1 single, \"Poor Little Fool\", and in 1959 received a Golden Globe nomination for \"Most Promising Male Newcomer\" after starring in Rio Bravo. A few films followed, and when the television series was cancelled in 1966, Nelson made occasional appearances as a guest star on various television programs.
/m/07lly	Truro is a city and civil parish in Cornwall, England, UK. The city is the centre for administration, leisure and retail in Cornwall, with a population recorded in the 2001 census of 17,431. Truro urban statistical area, which includes parts of surrounding parishes, has a 2001 census population of 20,920. By 2010 the city's population had increased to 19,134 and its surrounding urban area to 23,000 as based on the results of the population of Cornwall in 2010. It is the only city in the county, and the most southern city in Mainland Great Britain. People from Truro are known as Truronians.\nTruro initially grew as an important centre of trade from its port and then as a stannary town for the mining industry. The city is well known for its cathedral, cobbled streets, open spaces and Georgian architecture. Places of interest include the Royal Cornwall Museum, the Hall for Cornwall, Cornwall's Courts of Justice and Cornwall Council.
/m/043tz8m	The Oklahoma State Cowboys football program represents Oklahoma State University–Stillwater in college football. The team is a member of the Big 12 Conference and competes at the NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision level. The Cowboys are led by Mike Gundy, who is in his seventh year as head coach. Oklahoma State plays their home games at Boone Pickens Stadium in Stillwater, Oklahoma.
/m/02wm6l	The Republic of Venice, was a state originating from the city of Venice in Northeastern Italy. It existed for over a millennium, from the late 7th century until 1797. Despite its long history of war and conquest, the Republic's modern reputation is chiefly based on its status as an economic and trading power.
/m/01gglm	Any Given Sunday is a 1999 American drama film directed by Oliver Stone depicting a fictional professional American football team. The film features an ensemble cast, consisting of Al Pacino, Cameron Diaz, Dennis Quaid, Jamie Foxx, James Woods, LL Cool J, Matthew Modine, John C. McGinley, Charlton Heston, Ann-Margret, Lauren Holly, Bill Bellamy, Lela Rochon, Aaron Eckhart, Elizabeth Berkley, Marty Wright, and legendary NFL players Jim Brown and Lawrence Taylor.\nCameo roles also featured many former American football players including Dick Butkus, Y. A. Tittle, Pat Toomay, Warren Moon, Johnny Unitas, Ricky Watters, Emmitt Smith and Terrell Owens, as well as coach Barry Switzer.
/m/02s2lg	The Denmark national football team represents Denmark in association football and is controlled by the Danish Football Association, the governing body for the football clubs which are organized under DBU. Denmark's home ground is Parken Stadium in Østerbro, and their head coach is Morten Olsen.\nDenmark was the winners of football at the Intercalated Games in 1906 and silver in the Olympics of 1908 and 1912. However, as amateurs who prohibited their internationals from becoming professionals at foreign clubs, Denmark did not qualify for the World Cup until 1986, although they won another Olympic silver in 1960.\nSince 1983, the team has continuously been visible as a solidly competitive side, with the triumph in the 1992 European Championships in Sweden as its most prominent victory, beating the European champions from Netherlands in the semifinal, and the World champions from Germany in the final. They also managed to win the 1995 Confederations Cup, defeating Argentina in the final. Their best FIFA World Cup result was achieved in 1998, where they narrowly lost 3–2 in the quarter-final against Brazil.
/m/014hdb	Zhang Yimou is a Chinese film director, producer, writer and actor, and former cinematographer. He is counted amongst the Fifth Generation of Chinese filmmakers, having made his directorial debut in 1987 with Red Sorghum.\nZhang has won numerous awards and recognitions, with Best Foreign Film nominations for Ju Dou in 1990 and Raise the Red Lantern in 1991, Silver Lion and Golden Lion prizes at the Venice Film Festival, Grand Jury Prize at the Cannes Film Festival, and the Golden Bear at the Berlin International Film Festival. In 1993, he was a member of the jury at the 43rd Berlin International Film Festival. Zhang directed the opening and closing ceremonies of the 2008 Beijing Summer Olympic Games, which received considerable international acclaim.\nOne of Zhang's recurrent themes is the resilience of Chinese people in the face of hardship and adversity, a theme which has been explored in such films as, for example, To Live and Not One Less. His films are particularly noted for their rich use of colour, as can be seen in some of his early films, like Raise the Red Lantern, and in his wuxia films like Hero and House of Flying Daggers. His most recent film is a historical drama war film called The Flowers of War.
/m/01svry	The Faculty is a 1998 science fiction horror film written by Kevin Williamson and directed by Robert Rodriguez. The film stars Josh Hartnett, Elijah Wood, Shawn Hatosy, Jordana Brewster, Clea DuVall, Laura Harris, Robert Patrick, Bebe Neuwirth, Piper Laurie, Famke Janssen, Usher Raymond, Salma Hayek, and Jon Stewart.
/m/01yhvv	Elisha Ann Cuthbert is a Canadian actress and model. She began her career as the co-host of the Canadian children's television series Popular Mechanics for Kids. Since then, her best known television roles have been Kim Bauer on the Fox action-thriller series 24 and Alex Kerkovich on the ABC comedy series Happy Endings. She has appeared in such films as Airspeed, Love Actually, Old School, The Girl Next Door, House of Wax, and Captivity.
/m/06924p	Country pop, with roots in both the countrypolitan sound and in soft rock, is a subgenre of country music that first emerged in the 1970s. Although the term first referred to country music songs and artists that crossed over to Top 40 radio, country pop acts are now more likely to cross over to adult contemporary.
/m/03d178b	The third season of the television series The Wire commenced airing in the United States on September 19, 2004, concluded on December 19, 2004, and contained 12 episodes. It introduces Baltimore's local politicians and the upstart drug dealing Stanfield organization while continuing to examine the Barksdale Organization and the Baltimore Police Department.\nThe third season aired Sundays at 9:00 pm in the United States. The season was released on DVD as a five disc boxed set under the title of The Wire: The Complete Third Season on August 8, 2006 by HBO video.
/m/07brj	The tambourine is a musical instrument in the percussion family consisting of a frame, often of wood or plastic, with pairs of small metal jingles, called \"zils\". Classically the term tambourine denotes an instrument with a drumhead, though some variants may not have a head at all. Tambourines are often used with regular percussion sets. They can be mounted, but position is largely down to preference.\nTambourines come in many shapes with the most common being circular. It is found in many forms of music: Turkish folk music, Greek folk music, Italian folk music, classical music, Persian music, gospel music, pop music and rock music.
/m/02vkdwz	A halfback is the holder of an offensive position in American football whose duties involve lining up in the backfield and carrying the ball on most running plays in formations such as the veer variant of the wishbone. When the principal ball carrier lines up deep in the backfield, and especially when that player is placed behind another player, as in the I formation, that player is instead referred to as a tailback, Historically, from the 1870s through the 1950s, the halfback position was both an offensive and defensive position. In the related sport of Canadian football, halfback is usually a defensive rather than offensive position since the 1980s, however used to also refer to an offensive position similar to a slotback that could line up off the tight end or behind the quarterback.
/m/041p3y	United Artists Records was a record label founded by Max E. Youngstein of United Artists in 1957 initially to distribute records of its movie soundtracks, though it soon branched out into recording music of a number of different genres.
/m/083my7	Stade de Reims is a French association football club based in Reims. The club was formed in 1911 under the name Société Sportive du Parc Pommery and currently play in Ligue 1, the top level of French football having achieved promotion to the league following the 2011–12 season. Reims plays its home matches at the Stade Auguste Delaune, a renovation of the old complex located within the city. The team is managed by Hubert Fournier and captained by defender Mickaël Tacalfred.\nStade Reims is one of the most successful clubs in French football history having won six Ligue 1 titles, two Coupe de France trophies, and five Trophée des champions titles. The club has also performed well on European level having finished as runner-ups in the 1956 and 1959 editions of the European Cup and winning the Latin Cup and Coppa delle Alpi in 1953 and 1977, respectively. However, since the 1980s, Reims have struggled to get back to their zenith. The club hovered between Ligue 2 and the Championnat National for over thirty years after their relegation from the top flight in the 1978–79 season. In 2012, though, they were promoted back to Ligue 1 where they currently remain.
/m/0fmqp6	Edward Carfagno was an art director who established himself in the 1950s with his Oscar-winning work on such films as Vincente Minnelli's The Bad and the Beautiful, Joseph Mankiewicz's Julius Caesar and William Wyler's Ben-Hur. Carfagno went on to work consistently on a variety of films, including five collaborations with Clint Eastwood including Tightrope and Heartbreak Ridge.\nCarfagno began working at MGM in 1933, and was also a member of the US's 1940 Olympic fencing team.
/m/01_njt	Sandra Oh is a Canadian actress. She is best known for her role as Dr. Cristina Yang on ABC's medical drama Grey's Anatomy, for which she has won Golden Globe and Screen Actors Guild awards. She has also played notable roles in the feature films Under the Tuscan Sun and Sideways, and had a supporting role on the HBO original series Arli$$. Other films she has appeared in include The Night Listener, Blindness and Rabbit Hole. The actress' work on Grey's Anatomy has earned her five nominations for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series.
/m/03rgvr	Jerome Flynn is an English actor and singer best known for his role as Corporal Paddy Garvey of the King's Fusiliers in the ITV series Soldier Soldier, Bronn in the hit HBO series Game of Thrones, and as half of the singing duo Robson & Jerome, who had several UK number one singles in the 1990s.
/m/03_80b	Ismail Merchant was an Indian-born film producer and director, best known for the results of his famously long collaboration with Merchant Ivory Productions which included director James Ivory as well as screenwriter Ruth Prawer Jhabvala. Their films won six Academy Awards.\nMerchant succeeded as an independent producer in Hollywood for more than 40 years. His strength lay in funding his projects, particularly in his ability to produce films for several million dollars less than those of his contemporaries.
/m/01qnfc	Shinya Tsukamoto is a Japanese film director and actor with a considerable cult following both domestically and abroad.
/m/01wp8w7	Van Morrison, OBE is a Northern Irish singer-songwriter and musician. His live performances at their best are described as mystical and transcendental, while some of his recordings, such as the studio albums Astral Weeks and Moondance and the live album It's Too Late to Stop Now, are critically acclaimed and appear at the top of many greatest album lists.\nKnown as \"Van the Man\" to his fans, Morrison started his professional career when, as a teenager in the late 1950s, he played a variety of instruments including guitar, harmonica, keyboards and saxophone for various Irish showbands covering the popular hits of the day. He rose to prominence in the mid-1960s as the lead singer of the Northern Irish R&B band Them, with whom he recorded the garage band classic \"Gloria\". His solo career began under the pop-hit oriented guidance of Bert Berns with the release of the hit single \"Brown Eyed Girl\" in 1967. After Berns' death, Warner Bros. Records bought out his contract and allowed him three sessions to record Astral Weeks in 1968. Even though this album would gradually garner high praise, it was initially poorly received; however, the next one, Moondance, established Morrison as a major artist, and throughout the 1970s he built on his reputation with a series of critically acclaimed albums and live performances. Morrison continues to record and tour, producing albums and live performances that sell well and are generally warmly received, sometimes collaborating with other artists, such as Georgie Fame and The Chieftains. In 2008 he performed Astral Weeks live for the first time since 1968.
/m/011s0	Advertising or advertizing in business is a form of marketing communication used to encourage, persuade, or manipulate an audience to take or continue to take some action. Most commonly, the desired result is to drive consumer behavior with respect to a commercial offering, although political and ideological advertising is also common. This type of work belongs to a category called affective labor.\nIn Latin, ad vertere means \"to turn toward\". The purpose of advertising may also be to reassure employees or shareholders that a company is viable or successful. Advertising messages are usually paid for by sponsors and viewed via various old media; including mass media such as newspaper, magazines, television advertisement, radio advertisement, outdoor advertising or direct mail; or new media such as blogs, websites or text messages.\nCommercial advertisers often seek to generate increased consumption of their products or services through \"branding\", which involves associating a product name or image with certain qualities in the minds of consumers. Non-commercial advertisers who spend money to advertise items other than a consumer product or service include political parties, interest groups, religious organizations and governmental agencies. Nonprofit organizations may rely on free modes of persuasion, such as a public service announcement.
/m/01phtd	Mira Katherine Sorvino is an American actress. She came to prominence after winning the Academy Award and Golden Globe for best supporting actress for her performance in Woody Allen's Mighty Aphrodite. She is also known for her roles in the films Romy and Michele's High School Reunion, Mimic, The Replacement Killers, Summer of Sam, and more recently Like Dandelion Dust. She received Golden Globe and Emmy nominations for her role in Norma Jean & Marilyn, and a Golden Globe nomination for her role in Human Trafficking.
/m/05b5_tj	Albert Brenner is an American production designer and art director. He has been nominated for five Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction.
/m/06kxk2	Carl Foreman, CBE was an American screenwriter and film producer who wrote the notable film High Noon. He was blacklisted by the Hollywood movie studio bosses in the 1950s.
/m/01bn3l	The Flintstones is a 1994 American comedy film directed by Brian Levant and written by Tom S. Parker, Jim Jennewein and Steven E. de Souza. A live-action adaptation of the Hanna-Barbera cartoon television series The Flintstones, the film stars John Goodman as Fred Flintstone, Rick Moranis as Barney Rubble, Elizabeth Perkins as Wilma Flintstone, and Rosie O'Donnell as Betty Rubble, along with Kyle MacLachlan as an executive-vice president of Fred's company, Halle Berry as his seductive secretary and Elizabeth Taylor, in her final theatrical film, as Wilma's mother. The B-52's performed a different version of the theme song. The Flintstones was shot in California at an estimated budget of $46,000,000. The film was released on May 27, 1994 and was a box-office success, though it received generally negative reviews from film critics. Observers criticized the storyline and tone, which they deemed too adult for family audiences, but was praised with the setting and art direction.
/m/0lbl6	Hubei is a province of the People's Republic of China, located in the easternmost part of Central China. The name of the province means \"north of the lake\", referring to its position north of Lake Dongting. The provincial capital is Wuhan, a major transportation thoroughfare and the political, cultural, and economic hub of Central China.\nHubei is officially abbreviated to \"鄂\", an ancient name associated with the eastern part of the province since the Qin dynasty, while a popular name for Hubei is \"楚\", after the powerful state of Chu that existed here during the Eastern Zhou dynasty. It borders Henan to the north, Anhui to the east, Jiangxi to the southeast, Hunan to the south, Chongqing to the west, and Shaanxi to the northwest. The high-profile Three Gorges Dam is located at Yichang, in the west of the province.
/m/0b80__	Jean Louis was a French-born, Hollywood costume designer and an Academy Award winner for Costume Design. Before coming to Hollywood he worked in New York for fashion entrepreneur Hattie Carnegie, where the clientele included Joan Cohn, the wife of Columbia Pictures studio chief Harry Cohn. Louis worked as head designer for Columbia Pictures from 1944 to 1960. His most famous works include Rita Hayworth's black satin strapless dress from Gilda, Marlene Dietrich's celebrated beaded souffle stagewear for her cabaret world tours, as well as the sheer, sparkling gown Marilyn Monroe wore when she sang \"Happy Birthday, Mr. President\" to John F. Kennedy in 1962. The dress was so tight that he actually had to sew it while she was wearing it. The sleek beaded dress design was passed down to other designers over time such as Gianni Versace. The idea of dresses being a nude color with crystals coating it, stunned audiences. It gave people the illusion that Hollywood stars were nude with rhinestones covering them head to toe. Marlene Dietrich, another designer, looked up to Jean Louis’s style of gowns after the dress for Marilyn Monroe was debuted.
/m/0m7yy	The George Foster Peabody Awards program recognizes distinguished and meritorious public service by radio and television stations, networks, producing organizations and individuals. Reflecting excellence in quality rather than popularity or commercial success, the Peabody is awarded to about 25–35 winners annually from more than 1,000 entries. Because submissions are accepted from a wide variety of sources and styles, deliberations seek \"Excellence On Its Own Terms.\" Each entry is evaluated on the achievement of standards it establishes within its own contexts. Entries are self-selected by those making submissions, for which a US$300 fee is required.
/m/02vyw	Francis Ford Coppola is an American film director, producer and screenwriter.\nIn 1970, he won the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay as co-writer, with Edmund H. North, of Patton. His directorial prominence was cemented with the release in 1972 of The Godfather, a film which revolutionized movie-making in the gangster genre, earning praise from both critics and the public before winning three Academy Awards—including his second Oscar, Best Picture, and his first nomination for Best Director.\nHe followed with The Godfather Part II in 1974, which became the first sequel to win the Academy Award for Best Picture. Highly regarded by critics, it brought him three more Academy Awards: Best Adapted Screenplay, Best Director and Best Picture, and made him the second director, after Billy Wilder, to be honored three times for the same film.\nThe Conversation, which he directed, produced and wrote, was released that same year, winning the Palme d'Or at the 1974 Cannes Film Festival. He next directed 1979's Apocalypse Now. Notorious for its over-long and strenuous production, the film was nonetheless critically acclaimed for its vivid and stark depiction of the Vietnam War, winning the Palme d'Or at the 1979 Cannes Film Festival. Coppola is one of only eight filmmakers to win two Palme d'Or awards.
/m/09g3mp	The Douglases are an ancient Scottish kindred from the Scottish Lowlands taking their name from Douglas, South Lanarkshire, and from there their chiefs gained vast territories throughout the Scottish Borderland, Angus, Lothian, Moray and France. The Douglases were the most prominent family in lowland Scotland during the Late Middle Ages, often holding the real power behind the throne of the Stewart Kings. The heads of the House of Douglas held the titles of the Earl of Douglas and later the Earl of Angus. The clan does not have a chief recognised by the Lyon Court, so therefore it is now considered an armigerous clan.\nThe original caput of the family was Douglas Castle in Lanarkshire. The Kirk of St Bride at Douglas, along with Melrose Abbey and the Abbey of Saint-Germain-des-Prés holds the remains of many of the Earls of Douglas and Angus.
/m/07d3z7	Amy Ryan is an American actress. She has been nominated for an Academy Award and Golden Globe for her performance in Gone Baby Gone and is also known for her roles in HBO's The Wire, playing Port Authority Officer Beadie Russell; HBO's In Treatment, playing psychiatrist Adele Brousse; and NBC's The Office, playing human resources representative Holly Flax.
/m/056vv	Montenegro is a country in Southeastern Europe. It has a coast on the Adriatic Sea to the south-west and is bordered by Croatia to the west, Bosnia and Herzegovina to the northwest, Serbia to the northeast, Kosovo to the east and Albania to the south-east. Its capital and largest city is Podgorica, while Cetinje is designated as the Prijestonica, meaning the former Royal Capital City.\nIn the 9th century, there existed three Slavic principalities on the territory of Montenegro: Duklja, roughly corresponding to the southern half, Travunia, the west, and Rascia, the north. In 1042, archon Stefan Vojislav led a revolt that resulted in the independence of Duklja and the establishment of the Vojislavljević dynasty. Duklja reached its zenith under Vojislav's son, Mihailo, and his son Bodin. By the 13th century, Zeta had replaced Duklja when referring to the realm. In the late 14th century, southern Montenegro came under the rule of the Balšić noble family, then the Crnojević noble family, and by the 15th century, Zeta was more often referred to as Crna Gora. As the Crnojević dynasty disintegrated, Montenegro was ruled by its Bishops until 1696, and then by the House of Petrović-Njegoš until 1918. From 1918, it was a part of Yugoslavia. On the basis of an independence referendum held on 21 May 2006, Montenegro declared independence on 3 June of that year.
/m/03q5db	Legend is a 1985 British-American fantasy adventure film directed by Ridley Scott and starring Tom Cruise, Mia Sara, Tim Curry, David Bennent, Alice Playten, Billy Barty, Cork Hubbert, and Annabelle Lanyon. It is a darker fairy tale and has been described as a return to more original, sometimes disturbing, fables, from the oral tradition of ancient times before reading and writing were widespread. Like the 5th century Aesop's Fables, and before the sanitized versions by Disney and others, traditional folklore contained harsh knowledge and beliefs in prose, proverbs, verse narratives, poems, songs, rituals, riddles, dramas, and myths.\nAlthough not a commercial success when first released, it won the British Society of Cinematographers Award for Best Cinematography in 1985 for cinematographer Alex Thomson, as well as being nominated for multiple awards: Academy Award for Best Makeup; Academy of Science Fiction, Fantasy & Horror Films Saturn Award for Best Makeup; BAFTA Awards for Best Costume Design, Best Makeup Artist, Best Special Visual Effects; DVD Exclusive Awards; and Young Artist Awards. Since its premiere and the subsequent release of the Director's Cut edition, the film has become a cult classic.
/m/081bls	Screen Gems is an American film production company and subsidiary company of Sony Pictures Entertainment's Columbia TriStar Motion Picture Group that has served several different purposes for its parent companies over the decades since its incorporation.
/m/026kqs9	The 28th Golden Globe Awards, honoring the best in film and television for 1970 films, were held on February 5, 1971.
/m/0jxh9	Polk County is the fourth-largest county by area in the U.S. state of Florida. Its 2010 population was 602,095. Its county seat is Bartow and its largest city is Lakeland.\nPolk County comprises the entire Lakeland-Winter Haven, FL Metropolitan Statistical Area. Located in central Florida along the I-4 Corridor, Polk, along with the counties to the west, is sometimes considered a part of the Tampa Bay Area. However, some of its northeastern communities have closer ties to the Greater Orlando metropolitan area. Polk County lies at the geographic center of the Florida Peninsula. The center of population of Florida has been in Polk County since the 1960 census and at the 2010 U.S. census was located between Fort Meade and Frostproof.\nPolk County is home to one public university, one state college, and four private universities. One Fortune 500 company—Publix Super Markets —has headquarters in the county.
/m/02vyh	First National was an association of independent theater owners in the United States that expanded from exhibiting movies to distributing them and eventually to producing them as a movie studio called First National Pictures, Inc.. In 1928, it merged with Warner Bros.
/m/084m3	William Shatner is a Canadian actor, musician, singer, author, film director, spokesman and comedian. He gained worldwide fame and became a cultural icon for his portrayal of Captain James Tiberius Kirk, commander of the Federation starship USS Enterprise, in the science fiction television series Star Trek, from 1966 to 1969; Star Trek: The Animated Series from 1973 to 1974, and in seven of the subsequent Star Trek feature films from 1979 to 1994. He has written a series of books chronicling his experiences playing Captain Kirk and being a part of Star Trek, and has co-written several novels set in the Star Trek universe. He has also authored a series of science fiction novels called TekWar that were adapted for television.\nShatner also played the eponymous veteran police sergeant in T. J. Hooker from 1982 to 1986. Afterwards, he hosted the reality-based television series Rescue 911 from 1989 to 1996, which won a People's Choice Award for Favorite New TV Dramatic Series. He has since worked as a musician, author, director and celebrity pitchman. From 2004 to 2008, he starred as attorney Denny Crane in the television dramas The Practice and its spin-off Boston Legal, for which he won two Emmy Awards and a Golden Globe Award.
/m/043q6n_	Neal H. Moritz is an American film producer. He is the founder of Original Film.
/m/07qnf	The Monkees are a British-American pop/rock band that released music in their original incarnation between 1966 and 1970, with subsequent reunion albums and tours in the decades that followed. Formed in Los Angeles in 1965 by Robert \"Bob\" Rafelson and Bert Schneider for the American television series The Monkees, which aired from 1966–1968, the musical acting quartet was composed of Americans Micky Dolenz, Michael Nesmith, and Peter Tork, and Englishman Davy Jones. The band's music was initially supervised by producer Don Kirshner.\nDescribed by Dolenz as initially being \"a TV show about an imaginary band [...] that wanted to be The Beatles, [but] that was never successful\", the actor-musicians soon became a real band. As Dolenz would later describe it, \"The Monkees really becoming a band was like the equivalent of Leonard Nimoy really becoming a Vulcan.\"\nFor the first few months of their almost five-year initial career, the four actor-musicians were allowed only limited roles in the recording studio. This was due in part to the excessive time spent filming the television series, which in turn limited the amount of time available to the group to rehearse and coalesce as a band. Nonetheless, Nesmith did compose and produce some songs from the beginning, and Peter Tork contributed limited guitar work on the Nesmith-produced sessions. They soon fought for and earned the right to collectively supervise all musical output under the band's name. Although the sitcom was canceled in 1968, the band continued to record music through 1971.
/m/03q5dr	Frances Louise Fisher is an English-born American actress. She is most known for her roles in films such as Pink Cadillac, L.A. Story, Unforgiven, Striptease, Wild America, Titanic, The Audrey Hepburn Story, Gone in 60 Seconds, Laws of Attraction, The Kingdom, In the Valley of Elah, Jolene, The Roommate, The Lincoln Lawyer, and The Host. She has also appeared in television series like The Edge of Night, Strange Luck, Becker, Glory Days, and Eureka.\nShe is the mother of Francesca Eastwood and former partner of Clint Eastwood.
/m/0784v1	Moses Ashikodi is a footballer who plays for Cray Wanderers as a striker.
/m/02mjmr	Barack Hussein Obama II is the 44th and current President of the United States, and the first African American to hold the office. Born in Honolulu, Hawaii, Obama is a graduate of Columbia University and Harvard Law School, where he served as president of the Harvard Law Review. He was a community organizer in Chicago before earning his law degree. He worked as a civil rights attorney and taught constitutional law at the University of Chicago Law School from 1992 to 2004. He served three terms representing the 13th District in the Illinois Senate from 1997 to 2004, running unsuccessfully for the United States House of Representatives in 2000.\nIn 2004, Obama received national attention during his campaign to represent Illinois in the United States Senate with his victory in the March Democratic Party primary, his keynote address at the Democratic National Convention in July, and his election to the Senate in November. He began his presidential campaign in 2007, and in 2008, after a close primary campaign against Hillary Rodham Clinton, he won sufficient delegates in the Democratic Party primaries to receive the presidential nomination. He then defeated Republican nominee John McCain in the general election, and was inaugurated as president on January 20, 2009. Nine months after his election, Obama was named the 2009 Nobel Peace Prize laureate.
/m/04pcmw	Italo disco is a genre of music which originated in Italy and was mainly produced at the end of the 1970s to mid-1980s. The origin of the genre's name is strongly tied to marketing efforts of the ZYX record label, which began licensing and marketing the music outside of Italy in 1982. An early form of electronic dance music, Italo disco faded in the late 1980s when Italo house eclipsed it.\nItalo disco borrowed elements from traditional disco music, yet was more electronic. The genre employed drum machines and synthesizers and was usually sung in English.
/m/0315rp	The Lost World: Jurassic Park, also known as Jurassic Park: The Lost World, is a 1997 American science fiction action film directed by Steven Spielberg and the second of the Jurassic Park franchise. The film was produced by Gerald R. Molen and Colin Wilson. The screenplay was written by David Koepp, loosely based on Michael Crichton's 1995 novel The Lost World. The film stars Jeff Goldblum, Julianne Moore, Vince Vaughn, Pete Postlethwaite, Richard Schiff, Arliss Howard, Vanessa Lee Chester and Richard Attenborough.\nFour years after the events of Jurassic Park, dinosaurs have secretly survived and been allowed to roam free on a deserted island. In the time between the two films, John Hammond loses control of his company, InGen, to his nephew, Peter Ludlow. Ludlow assembles a team to bring the animals back to the mainland to bring in revenue and restore the company. Hammond sees a chance to redeem himself for his past mistakes and sends an expedition led by Dr. Ian Malcolm to reach the island before InGen's team can get there. The two groups confront each other in the face of extreme danger and must team up for their own survival.\nAfter the original book's release and the first film's success, Crichton was pressured not only by fans, but Spielberg himself, for a sequel novel. After the book was published in 1995, production began on a film sequel. The Lost World's plot and imagery is substantially darker than the previous film. Despite mixed reviews, it was a box office success, grossing $618 million worldwide.
/m/0170vn	Peter Henry Fonda is an American actor. He is the son of Henry Fonda, brother of Jane Fonda, and father of Bridget and Justin Fonda. Fonda is an icon of the counterculture of the 1960s.
/m/0dyztm	Aleksa Palladino is an American actress and singer, perhaps best known for her lead roles in Manny & Lo, The Adventures of Sebastian Cole, Find Me Guilty, Boardwalk Empire, Wrong Turn 2: Dead End, and Before the Devil Knows You're Dead.
/m/04dn09n	The Golden Globe Award for Best Screenplay - Motion Picture is one of the annual awards given by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association.\n\"†\" indicates the winner of the Academy Award for Best Writing\n\"‡\" indicates the winner of the Academy Award for Best Writing\n\"§\" indicates a Golden Globe Award winner who was not nominated for the Academy Award
/m/0gy4k	Foreign Correspondent is a 1940 American spy thriller film directed by Alfred Hitchcock which tells the story of an American reporter who tries to expose enemy spies in Britain, a series of events involving a continent-wide conspiracy that eventually leads to the events of a fictionalized World War II. It stars Joel McCrea and features Laraine Day, Herbert Marshall, George Sanders, Albert Bassermann and Robert Benchley, along with Edmund Gwenn.\nThe film was Hitchcock's second Hollywood production since leaving the United Kingdom in 1939 and had an unusually large number of writers: Robert Benchley, Charles Bennett, Harold Clurman, Joan Harrison, Ben Hecht, James Hilton, John Howard Lawson, John Lee Mahin, Richard Maibaum, and Budd Schulberg, with Bennett, Benchley, Harrison, and Hilton the only writers credited in the finished film. It was based on Vincent Sheean's political memoir Personal History, the rights to which were purchased by producer Walter Wanger for $10,000.\nThe film was one of two Hitchcock films nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture in 1941, the other being Rebecca, which went on to win the award. Foreign Correspondent was nominated for six Academy Awards, including one for Albert Bassermann for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor, but did not win any.
/m/0dl5d	Progressive rock, also known as prog rock or prog, is a rock music subgenre that originated in the United Kingdom, with further developments in Germany, Italy, and France, throughout the mid-to-late 1960s and 1970s. It developed from psychedelic rock and originated, similarly to art rock, as an attempt to give greater artistic weight and credibility to rock music. Bands abandoned the short pop single in favor of instrumentation and compositional techniques more frequently associated with jazz or classical music in an effort to give rock music the same level of musical sophistication and critical respect. Songs were replaced by musical suites that often stretched to 20 or 40 minutes in length and contained symphonic influences, extended musical themes, fantasy-like ambiance and lyrics, and complex orchestrations. Music critics, who often labeled the concepts as \"pretentious\" and the sounds as \"pompous\" and \"overblown,\" tended to be hostile toward the genre or to completely ignore it.\nProgressive rock saw a high level of popularity throughout the 1970s, especially in the middle of the decade. Bands such as Pink Floyd, Jethro Tull, The Moody Blues, Yes, King Crimson, Genesis, and Emerson, Lake & Palmer were the genre's most influential groups and were among the most popular acts of the era, although there were many other, often highly influential, bands who experienced a lesser degree of commercial success. The genre faded in popularity during the second half of the decade. Conventional wisdom holds that the rise of punk rock caused this, although in reality a number of factors contributed to this decline. Progressive rock bands achieved commercial success well into the 1980s, albeit with changed lineups and more compact song structures.
/m/06lkg8	Eastbourne Borough Football Club is an English football club based in Eastbourne, East Sussex. The club is a FA Chartered Standard Community club affiliated to the Sussex County Football Association. The club participates in the Conference South, the sixth tier of English football. They are known as The Sports after their previous name as Langney Sports. Eastbourne Borough play their home matches at Priory Lane in Langney. Their manager is Tommy Widdrington.
/m/05mt_q	Aubrey Graham is a composer.
/m/01l9v7n	William \"Bill\" Conti is an American composer and conductor best known for his film scores, including Rocky, For Your Eyes Only, and The Right Stuff, the latter of which earned him an Academy Award. He is frequently the conductor at the Academy Awards ceremony.
/m/02lp0w	The Tony Award for Best Lead Actress in a Musical was not presented in 1947 or 1985. The award was first presented in 1948 and nominees were not announced until 1956. There have been three ties in this category.
/m/0nk72	Johanna \"Hannah\" Arendt was a German-American political theorist. Though often described as a philosopher, she rejected that label on the grounds that philosophy is concerned with \"man in the singular\" and instead described herself as a political theorist because her work centers on the fact that \"men, not Man, live on the earth and inhabit the world.\" Her works deal with the nature of power, and the subjects of politics, direct democracy, authority, and totalitarianism. The Hannah Arendt Prize is named in her honour.
/m/02wtp6	The Dreamers is a 2003 romantic drama film directed by Bernardo Bertolucci. The screenplay is by Gilbert Adair, based on his own novel The Holy Innocents. An international co-production by companies from France, the United Kingdom, and Italy, the film tells the story of an American university student in Paris who, after meeting a peculiar brother and sister who are fellow film enthusiasts, becomes entangled in an erotic conflict. It is set against the backdrop of the 1968 Paris student riots. The film makes several references to various movies of classical and New Wave cinema, incorporating clips from films that are often imitated by the actors in particular scenes.\nThe film was controversial in the United States because of its nudity and sexual content. There are two versions: an uncut NC-17-rated version, and an R-rated version that is about three minutes shorter.\nThe primary language spoken in the film is English, though French and English are spoken interchangeably throughout.
/m/0fy66	The Manchurian Candidate is a 1962 American Cold War suspense thriller directed by John Frankenheimer that stars Frank Sinatra, Laurence Harvey and Janet Leigh and features Angela Lansbury, Henry Silva, and James Gregory. Its screenplay, by George Axelrod, is based on the eponymous 1959 novel by Richard Condon.\nThe premise of the film is the brainwashing of the son of a prominent right-wing political family as an unwitting assassin in an international communist conspiracy.\nThe Manchurian Candidate was released in the United States on October 24, 1962, at the height of the Cuban Missile Crisis. The film was well-received and gained nominations for two Academy Awards.
/m/0k8y7	Natalie Wood was an American film and television actress best known for her screen roles in Miracle on 34th Street, Splendor in the Grass, Rebel Without a Cause, and West Side Story. After first working in films as a child, Wood became a successful Hollywood star as a young adult, receiving three Academy Award nominations before she was 25 years old.\nWood began acting in movies at the age of four and at age eight was given a co-starring role in the classic Christmas film Miracle on 34th Street. As a teenager, her performance in Rebel Without a Cause earned her a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress. She starred in the musical films West Side Story and Gypsy, and received Academy Award for Best Actress nominations for her performances in Splendor in the Grass and Love with the Proper Stranger.\nHer career continued with films such as Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice. After this she took a break from acting and had two children, appearing in only two theatrical films during the 1970s. She was married to actor Robert Wagner twice, and to producer Richard Gregson in between her marriages to Wagner. She had one daughter by each: Natasha Gregson and Courtney Wagner. Her younger sister, Lana Wood, is also an actress.
/m/0jnlm	The Chicago Blackhawks are a professional ice hockey team based in Chicago, Illinois. They are members of the Central Division of the Western Conference of the National Hockey League. They are the current Stanley Cup champion and have won five Stanley Cup championships since their founding in 1926. The Blackhawks are one of the Original Six NHL teams, along with the Detroit Red Wings, Montreal Canadiens, Toronto Maple Leafs, Boston Bruins and New York Rangers. Since 1994 the Blackhawks have played their home games at the United Center after having spent 65 years playing at Chicago Stadium.
/m/02qdyj	Ubisoft Entertainment S.A. is a French multinational video-game developer and publisher, headquartered in Montreuil-sous-Bois, France.\nThe company’s worldwide presence includes 29 studios in 19 countries; the company has subsidiaries in 26 countries. Ubisoft is currently the third-largest independent game publisher in the world, only behind Activision Blizzard and Electronic Arts, as well as in Europe and the United States. The company’s largest development studio is Ubisoft Montreal in Canada, currently employing about 2,100 people.\nIn Ubisoft’s 2008–2009 fiscal year, the company’s revenue was €1.256 billion, reaching the 1 billion euro milestone for the first time in the company’s history. Ubisoft has created its own film division, called, “Ubisoft Motion Pictures”, which creates shows and films based on the company’s games.
/m/035wtd	Oklahoma City University, often referred to as OCU or OKCU, is a coeducational, urban, private university historically affiliated with the United Methodist Church. It is located in the midtown district of Oklahoma City, in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.\nThe university offers undergraduate bachelor's degrees, graduate master's degrees and doctoral degrees, organized into eight colleges and schools and one Methodist seminary. Students can major in more than 70 undergraduate majors, 17 graduate degrees, including a JD, MBA and PhD in Nursing, and an Adult Studies Program for working adults to earn a Bachelor of Science or Bachelor of Arts degree. The university has approximately 4,000 students, including 1,600 graduate students. OCU has a large student life network including athletics, honor societies, clubs and student organizations, and fraternities and sororities. The official school and athletic colors are blue and white. Alumni and former students have gone on to prominent careers in government and law, business, education, sports, arts, and entertainment.
/m/019tfm	Northwestern State University of Louisiana is a four-year public university primarily situated in Natchitoches, Louisiana, United States, with a nursing campus in Shreveport and general campuses in Leesville/Fort Polk and Alexandria. It is a part of the University of Louisiana System.\nNSU was founded in 1884 as the Louisiana State Normal School to train teachers. It was the first school in Louisiana to offer degree programs in nursing and business education. NSU, along with numerous other state colleges, gained university status in 1970 during the administration of President Arnold R. Kilpatrick, a Northwestern State alumnus who served from 1966-1978. Kilpatrick succeeded the 12-year president, John S. Kyser, a native of El Paso, Illinois.\nNSU was one of the first six colleges to enter into NASA's Joint Venture Program. Students worked with NASA scientists to help analyze data and do research for the 1996 Space Shuttle Columbia shuttle mission.\nNSU also hosts the Louisiana Scholars' College, Louisiana's designated honors college in the liberal arts and sciences. The Louisiana School for Math, Science, and the Arts, a state supported residential high school for sophomores, juniors and seniors, is also located on the campus. It was a brainchild of former State Representative Jimmy D. Long of Natchitoches, who also attended NSU.
/m/0m_xy	Kilkenny is a city located in south-east part of Ireland and the county town of the eponymous County Kilkenny. It is built on both banks of the River Nore in the province of Leinster. The city is administered by a Borough Council and a Mayor which is a level below that of city council in the Local government of the state although the Local Government Act 2001 allows for \"the continued use of the description city\". The borough has a population of 8,711, however the majority of the population live outside the borough boundary, the 2011 Irish Census gives the total population of the Borough & Environs as 24,423.\nKilkenny is a popular tourist destination. In 2009 the City of Kilkenny celebrated its 400th year since the granting of city status in 1609. Kilkenny's heritage is evident in the city and environs including the historic buildings such as Kilkenny Castle, St. Canice's Cathedral and round tower, Rothe House, Shee Alms House, Black Abbey, St. Mary's Cathedral, Kilkenny Town Hall, St. Francis Abbey, Grace's Castle, and St. John's Priory. Kilkenny is regarded for its culture with craft and design workshops, the Watergate Theatre, public gardens and museums. Annual events include Kilkenny Art Festival, the Cat Laughs comedy festival and music at the Rhythm and Roots festival and the Source concert. It is a popular base to explore the surrounding towns, villages and countryside. Controversy exists at the moment around the Kilkenny Central Access Scheme which is a road being built through the city centre.
/m/09743	Pashtun people, also known as ethnic Afghans or Pathans, are an Iranian ethnic group with populations primarily in Afghanistan and western parts of Pakistan. They are typically characterised by the usage of the Pashto language and practice of Pashtunwali, which is a traditional set of ethics guiding individual and communal conduct. Their origin is unclear but historians have come across references to various ancient peoples called Pakthas between the 2nd and the 1st millennium BC, inhabiting the region between the Hindu Kush mountains and the Indus River, who may be the early ancestors of the Pashtun people. Since the 3rd century AD, they have been mostly referred to by the ethnonym \"Afghan\".\nBoth the Pashtun people and the Pashtun language are considered to be Eastern Iranian. Often characterised as a warrior and martial race, their history is spread amongst various countries of South, Central and Western Asia, centred around their traditional seat of power in medieval Afghanistan. During the Delhi Sultanate era, the Pashtun Lodi dynasty replaced the Turkic rulers in the northern part of the Indian subcontinent. Other Pashtuns fought the Safavids and the Mughals before obtaining an independent state in the early-18th century, which began with a successful revolution by Mir Wais Hotak followed by conquests of Ahmad Shah Durrani. Pashtuns played a vital role during the Great Game from the 19th century to the 20th century as they were caught between the imperialist designs of the British and Russian empires.
/m/01d6g	The Baltimore Orioles are a professional baseball team based in Baltimore, Maryland in the United States. They are a member of the Eastern Division of Major League Baseball's American League. One of the American League's eight charter franchises in 1901, it spent its first year as a major league club in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, as the Milwaukee Brewers before moving to St. Louis to become the St. Louis Browns. After 52 often beleaguered years in St. Louis, the Browns moved to Baltimore in 1954 and adopted the Orioles name in honor of the official state bird of Maryland. The Orioles name had been used by previous major league baseball clubs in Baltimore, including the American League Baltimore Orioles franchise from 1901 to 1902 that became the New York Yankees and the National League Baltimore Orioles. Nicknames for the team include the O's and the Birds.\nThe Orioles experienced their greatest success from 1964 to 1983, as well as the mid-1990s, and have won a total of eight Division Championships, six pennants, three World Series Championships, two wild card berths, and five Most Valuable Player awards.
/m/033jkj	Megan Mullally is an American actress and singer.\nAfter working in theatre in Chicago, Mullally moved to Los Angeles in 1985 and began to appear in supporting roles in film and television productions. She made her Broadway debut in Grease in 1994 and she has since appeared in several Broadway musicals. From 1998 until 2006, she played Karen Walker on the TV sitcom Will & Grace. From 2006 until early 2007, Mullally hosted the short-lived talk show The Megan Mullally Show. She has since appeared in guest-starring roles in television programs such as Parks and Recreation, Happy Endings, 30 Rock, Up All Night, Boston Legal, and a GLAAD Award-winning episode of The New Adventures of Old Christine. In 2010, Mullally starred as Lydia in the second season of Party Down. She also co-stars as Chief on Adult Swim's Childrens Hospital, and has recurred as Tammy Swanson on NBC's Parks and Recreation, Dana Hartz on ABC's Happy Endings, and Aunt Gayle on the FOX animated comedy Bob's Burgers.\nShe received seven consecutive Emmy Award nominations for \"Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series\" for her role on Will & Grace, winning twice in 2000 and 2006. She has also received four Screen Actors Guild Awards for her performance, and was nominated for four Golden Globe awards.
/m/019tfz	Green politics is a political ideology that aims to create an ecologically sustainable society rooted in environmentalism, social justice, and grassroots democracy. It began taking shape in the western world in the 1970s; since then Green parties have developed and established themselves in many countries across the globe, and have achieved some electoral success.\nThe political term Green, a translation of the German Grün, was coined by die Grünen, a Green party formed in the late 1970s. The term political ecology is sometimes used in Europe and in academic circles, but in the latter has come to represent an interdisciplinary field of study.\nSupporters of Green politics, called Greens, share many ideas with the ecology, conservation, environmentalism, feminism, and peace movements. In addition to democracy and ecological issues, green politics is concerned with civil liberties, social justice, nonviolence, sometimes variants of localism and tends to support social progressivism. The party's platform is largely considered left in the political spectrum.\nThe Green ideology has connections with various other ecocentric political ideologies, including ecosocialism, ecoanarchism, and ecofeminism, but to what extent these can be seen as forms of Green politics is a matter of debate.
/m/0d_2fb	The Water Horse: Legend of the Deep is a 2007 American-British family fantasy drama film directed by Jay Russell. The screenplay, written by Robert Nelson Jacobs, is an adaptation of Dick King-Smith's children's novel The Water Horse. It stars Alex Etel as a young boy who discovers a mysterious egg and cares for what hatches out of it: a \"Water Horse\" which later becomes the fabled Loch Ness Monster. The film also stars Emily Watson, Ben Chaplin, and David Morrissey.\nThe film was produced by Revolution Studios and Walden Media, in collaboration with Beacon Pictures, and was distributed by Columbia Pictures. Visual effects, which included the computer-generated imagery of the water horse were completed by the New Zealand-based companies Weta Digital and Weta Workshop—visual effects companies who worked with Walden Media before on the productions of The Chronicles of Narnia films. The Water Horse was released in the United States on December 25, 2007 and in the United Kingdom on February 8, 2008.
/m/059s8	New Brunswick is one of Canada's three Maritime provinces and is the only province in the Canadian federation that is constitutionally bilingual. It originates as the British Colony by the same name which was divided from the colony of Nova Scotia in 1784. Fredericton is the capital and Saint John is the most populous city. Greater Moncton forms the province's largest census metropolitan area. In the 2011 nation wide census, Statistics Canada estimated the provincial population to have been 751,171. The majority of the population is English-speaking, but there is also a large Francophone minority, chiefly of Acadian origin.
/m/09969	A brain tumor or brain tumour, is an intracranial solid neoplasm, a tumor within the brain or the central spinal canal. Some tumors are brain cancers. Brain tumors include all tumors inside the human skull or in the central spinal canal. They are created by an abnormal and uncontrolled cell division, usually in the brain itself, but also in lymphatic tissue, in blood vessels, in the cranial nerves, in the brain envelopes, skull, pituitary gland, or pineal gland. Within the brain itself, the involved cells may be neurons or glial cells. Brain tumors may also spread from cancers primarily located in other organs.\nAny brain tumor is inherently serious and life-threatening because of its invasive and infiltrative character in the limited space of the intracranial cavity. However, brain tumors are not invariably fatal, especially lipomas which are inherently benign. Brain tumors or intracranial neoplasms can be cancerous or non-cancerous; however, the definitions of malignant or benign neoplasms differs from those commonly used in other types of cancerous or non-cancerous neoplasms in the body. Its threat level depends on the combination of factors like the type of tumor, its location, its size and its state of development. Because the brain is well protected by the skull, the early detection of a brain tumor occurs only when diagnostic tools are directed at the intracranial cavity. Usually detection occurs in advanced stages when the presence of the tumor has caused unexplained symptoms.
/m/059nf5	Coritiba Foot Ball Club, commonly known as Coritiba, is a Brazilian football team from Curitiba, Paraná. It is the state's oldest football team. Coritiba has been champion in Paraná State 37 times, more times than both Coritiba's main rivals combined. Coritiba was champion of the Brazilian Championship once and has the worldwide record of 24 consecutive victories.\nCoritiba has the worldwide record of consecutive victories, achieved between February and May 2011. Coritiba is the first team of south of Brazil to win a national title, the 1973 Torneio do Povo. In Paraná, it is the first club to win Série A and compete in the two main continental competitions, the Copa Libertadores and the Copa Sudamericana. The second main competition of the country, the Copa do Brasil, Coritiba was a first too, he was the first club of state to reach the semifinals of the competition in 1991, 2001, 2009, and the finals in 2011 and in 2012.\nCoritiba is the only club who won six consecutive times the Paraná State League: from 1971 to 1976. As of 2013, they are the currently titleholders of the competition, winning four consecutive times: 2010, 2011, 2012 and 2013. Coritiba is the club with the most participations in this championship.
/m/0bz6sb	The 43rd Academy Awards were presented April 15, 1971 at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion, Los Angeles. There was no host.\nIt was during this ceremony that George C. Scott became the first actor to reject an Oscar, claiming that the Academy Awards were \"a two-hour meat parade, a public display with contrived suspense for economic reasons.\"\nWith her Best Supporting Actress win, Helen Hayes became the first performer to win Oscars in both lead and supporting categories. She also has the record of having the biggest gap between acting wins.
/m/0jkvj	The 1976 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XXI Olympiad, was an international multi-sport event celebrated in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, in 1976. Montreal was awarded the rights to the 1976 Games on May 12, 1970, at the 69th IOC Session in Amsterdam, over the bids of Moscow and Los Angeles, which later hosted the 1980 and 1984 Summer Olympic Games respectively. These were the first Olympic Games held in Canada, preceding the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary and 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver.\nAlmost all sovereign African nations and a few other countries from elsewhere boycotted the games in Montreal, in reaction to the International Olympic Committee's refusal to ban New Zealand, whose rugby team had been touring South Africa, a country that had been excluded from many international sporting events due to implementation of apartheid policy.
/m/018jcq	Osaka Prefecture is a prefecture located in the Kansai region on Honshu, the main island of Japan. The capital is the city of Osaka. It is the center of Osaka-Kobe-Kyoto area.
/m/05l2z4	The ninetieth United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, composed of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, DC from January 3, 1967 to January 3, 1969, during the last two years of the second administration of U.S. President Lyndon Johnson.\nThe apportionment of seats in this House of Representatives was based on the Eighteenth Census of the United States in 1960. Both chambers had a Democratic majority.\nFor ten days in this Congress, the Senate contained all ten of the longest-serving Senators in history. This period stretched from the installation of Ted Stevens after his special-election victory to the retirement of Carl Hayden early the next year.
/m/031sg0	Colleen Rose Dewhurst was a Canadian-American actress known most for theatre roles, and for a while as \"the Queen of Off-Broadway.\" In her autobiography, Dewhurst wrote: \"I had moved so quickly from one Off-Broadway production to the next that I was known, at one point, as the 'Queen of Off-Broadway'. This title was not due to my brilliance but rather because most of the plays I was in closed after a run of anywhere from one night to two weeks. I would then move immediately into another.\" She was a renowned interpreter of the works of Eugene O’Neill on the stage, and her career also encompassed film, early dramas on live television, and Joseph Papp's New York Shakespeare Festival. She was renowned for her television work playing Marilla Cuthbert in the Kevin Sullivan TV movie adaptations of the Anne of Green Gables series and her reprisal of the role in the subsequent TV series Road to Avonlea.
/m/03dq9	Graham Arthur Chapman was an English comedian, writer, actor, and one of the six members of the surreal comedy group Monty Python.
/m/03w1lf	The Film and Television Institute of India, is an autonomous Institute under the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting, Govt. of India. It is aided in parts by Central Government of India. It is situated in the premises of the erstwhile Prabhat Film Company in Pune, India. Since its inception in 1960, FTII has become India's premier film and television institute, with its alumni becoming biggest known actors and directors in the Indian film industry.\nFTII is a member of CILECT, an organization of the world's leading schools of film and television. Dharmendra Jai Narain is the present Director of Film and Television Institute of India.
/m/03gkb0	A socialite is someone who participates in social activities and spends a significant amount of time entertaining and being entertained at fashionable events attended by others of similar standing.\nAmerican Members of The Establishment, or an American \"Society\" based on birth, breeding, education, and economic standing, were originally listed in the Social Register, a directory of the names and addresses of the \"preferred social contacts\" of the prominent families in the 19th century. In 1886, Louis Keller started to consolidate these lists and package them for sale.
/m/02754c9	Pinocchio is a 2002 Italian live-action family film directed by and starring Roberto Benigni. The film is based on The Adventures of Pinocchio by Carlo Collodi with Benigni portraying Pinocchio. It was shot in Italy and Kalkara, Malta. The film was later dubbed in the United States.
/m/0bz6sq	Spice World is a 1997 British/American musical comedy film directed by Bob Spiers, written by Kim Fuller and Jamie Curtis, and starring the best-selling pop girl group the Spice Girls. The lighthearted comedy, made in a similar vein to The Beatles' A Hard Day's Night, depicts fictional events leading up to a major concert at London's Royal Albert Hall, liberally interspersed with dream sequences and flashbacks as well as surreal moments and humorous asides. The film premiered on 15 December 1997 and was released in British cinemas on Boxing Day, followed by the North American release on 23 January 1998. Spice World proved to be a hit at the box office breaking the record for the highest-ever weekend debut for Super Bowl Weekend in the US, with box office sales of $10,527,222. The movie took in total $77 million at the box office worldwide, $100 million combining cinema tickets and DVD Sales, including $30 million in the USA and £11 million in Britain. Despite it being successful at the box office, the film received negative reviews.
/m/026k4d	4AD is a British independent record label that was started in 1979 by Ivo Watts-Russell and Peter Kent, originally funded by Beggars Banquet Records.\nThe current roster includes Ariel Pink, Atlas Sound, bEEdEEgEE, Bon Iver, Camera Obscura, Daughter, Deerhunter, Efterklang, Future Islands, Gang Gang Dance, Grimes, Indians, Iron & Wine, Lo-Fang, Merchandise, The National, Purity Ring, Scott Walker, SOHN, Twin Shadow, and Tune-Yards.\n4AD forms part of the Beggars Group, along with Matador Records, Rough Trade Records and XL Recordings. Its rich history has recently been detailed by Martin Aston in his biography of the label, 'Facing The Other Way', released 2013.
/m/0cp0790	Barney's Version is a 2010 Canadian comedy-drama film directed by Richard J. Lewis, based on the novel of the same name by Mordecai Richler. The film was nominated for the Golden Lion at the 67th Venice International Film Festival.
/m/04165w	Finding Neverland is a 2004 American semi-biographical film about playwright J. M. Barrie and his relationship with a family who inspired him to create Peter Pan, directed by Marc Forster. The screenplay by David Magee is based on the play The Man Who Was Peter Pan by Allan Knee. The film was nominated for several Oscars, including Best Picture, Best Adapted Screenplay and Best Actor for Johnny Depp's portrayal of J. M. Barrie, and won one for Jan A. P. Kaczmarek's musical score.
/m/035nm	General Motors Company, commonly known as GM, is an American multinational corporation headquartered in Detroit, Michigan that designs, manufactures, markets and distributes vehicles and vehicle parts and sells financial services. General Motors produces vehicles in 37 countries under ten brands, including Chevrolet, Buick, GMC, Cadillac, Opel, Holden, Vauxhall, Wuling, Baojun, Jie Fang, UzDaewoo. General Motors holds a 20% stake in IMM, and a 96% stake in GM Korea. It also has a number of joint-ventures, including Shanghai GM, SAIC-GM-Wuling and FAW-GM in China, GM-AvtoVAZ in Russia, Ghandhara Industries in Pakistan, GM Uzbekistan, General Motors India, General Motors Egypt, and Isuzu Truck South Africa. General Motors employs 212,000 people and does business in 157 countries. General Motors is divided into five business segments: GM North America, GM Europe, GM International Operations, GM South America, and GM Financial.\nGeneral Motors led global vehicle sales for 77 consecutive years from 1931 through 2007, longer than any other automaker, and is currently among the world's largest automakers by vehicle unit sales.\nGeneral Motors acts in most countries outside the USA via wholly owned subsidiaries, but operates in China through 10 joint ventures. GM's OnStar subsidiary provides vehicle safety, security and information services.
/m/02lcqs	The Pacific Time Zone observes standard time by subtracting eight hours from Coordinated Universal Time. The clock time in this zone is based on the mean solar time of the 120th meridian west of the Greenwich Observatory. During daylight saving time, its time offset is UTC−7 and is thus based on the mean solar time of the 105th meridian west of the Greenwich Observatory.\nIn the United States and Canada, this time zone is generically called the Pacific Time Zone. Specifically, it uses Pacific Standard Time - Pacific Time - when observing standard time, and Pacific Daylight Time - Mountain Time - when observing daylight saving time. Most of Canada uses daylight saving time. In Mexico the UTC−8 time zone is known as the Northwest Zone, which is synchronized with the U.S. PDT daylight saving schedule.\nThe largest city in the Pacific Time Zone is Los Angeles in California from USA; the city's metropolitan area is the largest in the zone.\nThe zone is one hour ahead of the Alaska Time Zone, one hour behind the Mountain Time Zone and three hours behind the Eastern Time Zone.
/m/05b4l5x	The Razzie Award for Worst Supporting Actress is an award presented at the annual Golden Raspberry Awards to the worst supporting actress of the previous year. The humorous nature of the award also leads to nominations for actors performing in drag. The following is a list of nominees and recipients of that award, along with the film for which they were nominated.\nThe only multiple-time winners are Madonna and Paris Hilton, both with two wins.
/m/07wpm	The Conservative Party, officially the Conservative and Unionist Party and colloquially referred to as the Tory Party or the Tories, is a centre-right political party in the United Kingdom that states that it espouses the philosophies of conservatism and British unionism. As of 2013 it is the largest single party in the House of Commons with 303 MPs, governing in coalition with the Liberal Democrats, with David Cameron, the leader of the Conservative Party, as Prime Minister. It is the largest party in local government with 8,628 councillors.\nThe Conservative Party was founded in 1834, and was one of two dominant parties in the 19th century, along with the Liberal Party. It changed its name to the Conservative and Unionist Party in 1912 after merging with the Liberal Unionist Party, although that name is rarely used and it is generally referred to as simply the Conservative Party.\nIn the 1920s, the Liberal vote greatly diminished and the Labour Party became the Conservatives' main rivals. Conservative prime ministers led governments for 57 years of the 20th century, including Winston Churchill and Margaret Thatcher. Thatcher's tenure led to wide-ranging economic liberalisation and saw the Conservatives become the most eurosceptic of the three major parties. The party was returned to government in coalition, having failed to win a majority, in 2010 under the more liberal leadership of David Cameron.
/m/01rwf_	Stockport is a large town in Greater Manchester, England. It lies on elevated ground 7 miles southeast of Manchester city centre, at the point where the rivers Goyt and Tame merge to create the River Mersey. Stockport is the largest settlement in the metropolitan borough of the same name. As of the 2001 Census the town had a population of 136,082 and the wider borough 284,528.\nHistorically, most of the town was in Cheshire, but the area to the north of the Mersey was in Lancashire. Stockport in the 16th century was a small town entirely on the south bank of the Mersey, and known for the cultivation of hemp and rope manufacture. In the 18th century the town had one of the first mechanised silk factories in the British Isles. However, Stockport's predominant industries of the 19th century were the cotton and allied industries. Stockport was also at the centre of the country's hatting industry, which by 1884 was exporting more than six million hats a year; the last hat works in Stockport closed in 1997.\nDominating the western approaches to the town is the Stockport Viaduct. Built in 1840, the viaduct's 27 brick arches carry the mainline railways from Manchester to Birmingham and London over the River Mersey. This structure featured as the background in many paintings by L. S. Lowry.
/m/01c4_6	The Grammy Award for Best Alternative Music Album is an award presented to recording artists for quality albums in the alternative rock genre at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position\".\nWhile the definition of \"alternative\" has been debated, the award was first presented in 1991 to recognize non-mainstream rock albums \"heavily played on college radio stations\". According to the category description guide for the 52nd Grammy Awards, the award is presented to \"vocal or instrumental alternative music albums containing at least 51% playing time of newly recorded music\", defining \"alternative\" as a \"non-traditional\" genre that exists \"outside of the mainstream music consciousness\". In 1991, and from 1994 to 1999, the award was known as Best Alternative Music Performance. Beginning in 2001, award recipients included the producers, engineers, and/or mixers associated with the nominated work in addition to the recording artists.
/m/02r5gpq	Chrysler is an American car brand and the longstanding premium marque of eponymous automaker Chrysler Group LLC, named after its founder: Walter Chrysler.
/m/0265rtm	Sporting Group is the name of a breed group of dogs, used by kennel clubs to classify a defined collection of dog breeds. Not all kennel clubs include the same breeds in the Sporting Group, and some kennel clubs do not use the Sporting Group classification. Sporting Group dogs are in general those used for hunting birds and small game, but not all dogs of this type are included in the Sporting Group of any particular kennel club.
/m/036kmk	Grays Athletic Football Club is an English football club that currently plays in neighbouring town of Aveley after leaving the New Recreation Ground in Grays at the end of the 2009–10 season. The club is currently a member of the Isthmian League Premier Division.
/m/096hm	Blake Edwards was an American film director, screenwriter and producer.\nEdwards’ career began in the 1940s as an actor, but he soon turned to writing screenplays and radio scripts before turning to producing and directing in film and television. His best known films include Breakfast at Tiffany’s, Days of Wine and Roses, and the hugely successful Pink Panther film series with British comedian Peter Sellers. Often thought of as primarily a director of comedies, he also directed dramas and detective films. Late in his career, he transitioned to writing, producing, and directing for theater.\nIn 2004, he received an Honorary Academy Award in recognition of his writing, directing and producing an extraordinary body of work for the screen.
/m/08wq0g	Creed Bratton is an American actor musician, and a former member of The Grass Roots. He is more recently known for playing a fictional version of himself on the American adaptation of The Office on NBC.
/m/085ccd	The NeverEnding Story is a 1984 West German epic fantasy film based on the novel of the same name written by Michael Ende. The film was directed and co-written by Wolfgang Petersen and starred Barret Oliver, Noah Hathaway, Tami Stronach, Moses Gunn, Thomas Hill, and Alan Oppenheimer as the voices of Falkor and Gmork. At the time of its release, it was the most expensive film produced outside the USA or the USSR. It was then followed by two sequels: The NeverEnding Story II: The Next Chapter and The NeverEnding Story III: Escape From Fantasia. The novel's author, Michael Ende, felt that this adaptation's content deviated so far from his book that he requested they either halt production or change the name; when they did neither, he sued them and subsequently lost the case. The film only adapts the first half of the book, and consequently does not convey the message of the title as it was portrayed in the novel.
/m/08c6k9	The Fast and the Furious: Tokyo Drift is a 2006 American action film directed by Justin Lin, produced by Neal H. Moritz, and written by Chris Morgan. It is the third installment of The Fast and the Furious series. The film stars Lucas Black, Bow Wow, Nathalie Kelley, Brian Tee, Sung Kang, and Leonardo Nam. The film was shot in Tokyo and parts of Los Angeles, the latter often covered with props and lights to create the illusion of the Tokyo style.\nWhile the rest of the actors from the previous films are not in the film, Vin Diesel reprises his role as Dominic Toretto in a cameo at the end of the film.
/m/01f6ss	The University of Aberdeen is a public research-focused university in the city of Aberdeen, Scotland. It is an ancient university founded in 1495 when William Elphinstone, Bishop of Aberdeen, petitioned Pope Alexander VI on behalf of James IV, King of Scots to create King's College. This makes it Scotland's third-oldest university and fifth-oldest in the English-speaking world. The university as it is today was formed in 1860 by a merger between King's College and Marischal College, a second university founded in 1593 in Aberdeen city centre as a Protestant alternative to King's College. Today, the University of Aberdeen is one of two universities in Aberdeen.\nThe university's iconic buildings act as symbols of the City of Aberdeen, particularly Marischal College in the city centre and the spire of King's College in Old Aberdeen. There are two campuses; the main King's College campus is at Old Aberdeen approximately two miles north of the city centre, around the original site of King's College, although most campus buildings were constructed in the 20th century during a period of expansion. The university's Foresterhill campus is located next to Aberdeen Royal Infirmary and houses the School of Medicine and Dentistry and School of Medical Sciences.
/m/05xq9	The Pixies are an American alternative rock band formed in Boston, Massachusetts, in 1986. The group currently consists of founders Black Francis, Joey Santiago and David Lovering. Co-founder Kim Deal left in 2013, being replaced by Kim Shattuck as a live bass player for some months; in December she was replaced by Paz Lenchantin, for their 2014 world tour. The Pixies achieved relatively modest commercial success in their home country, but were significantly more successful in the United Kingdom and mainland Europe. The group disbanded in 1993 under acrimonious circumstances, but reunited in 2004.\nThe band's style of music contains a range of elements, including indie rock, psychedelia, noise rock, and surf rock. Black Francis is the Pixies' primary songwriter and singer. He has written about a number of offbeat subjects in the band's songs, such as extraterrestrials, surrealism, incest, and biblical violence.\nThe group is credited as having significant influence on the alternative rock boom of the 1990s. The Pixies' legacy and popularity grew in the years following their break-up, leading to sold-out world tours following their reunion in 2004.
/m/031n5b	The Eastman School of Music is a music conservatory located in Rochester, New York. The Eastman School is a professional school within the University of Rochester. It was established in 1921 by industrialist and philanthropist George Eastman, founder of the Eastman Kodak Company.\nToday, there are more than 900 students enrolled in the collegiate division of the Eastman School. Students come from almost every state of the United States, and approximately 25% of students are from foreign countries.\nEach year about 260 new students enroll, selected from more than 2,000 applicants. Only about 13 percent of applicants are admitted.\nAbout 1,000 students are enrolled in the Eastman School’s Community Music School.\nIn the 1997 and 2004 surveys conducted by U.S. News & World Report, the Eastman School was ranked first among graduate school music programs in the United States. In 1994, Eastman tied with The Juilliard School and the Jacobs School of Music of Indiana University among the top graduate programs in music.
/m/0cd2vh9	X-Men: First Class is a 2011 superhero film, based on the X-Men characters appearing in Marvel Comics. The film was directed by Matthew Vaughn and produced by Bryan Singer, and acts as a prequel to the X-Men film series. The story is set primarily in 1962 during the Cuban Missile Crisis, and focuses on the relationship between Charles Xavier and Erik Lensherr, and the origin of their groups—the X-Men and the Brotherhood of Mutants, respectively. The film stars James McAvoy as Xavier and Michael Fassbender as Lensherr, leading an ensemble cast that includes Kevin Bacon, January Jones, Rose Byrne, Jennifer Lawrence, Zoë Kravitz, Nicholas Hoult, Jason Flemyng, and Lucas Till.\nProducer Lauren Shuler Donner first thought of a prequel based on the young X-Men during the production of X2, and later producer Simon Kinberg suggested to 20th Century Fox an adaptation of the comic series X-Men: First Class, though the film does not follow the comic closely. Bryan Singer, who had directed both X-Men and X2, became involved with the project in 2009, but he had to only produce and co-write First Class due to other projects. Matthew Vaughn, who was previously attached to both X-Men: The Last Stand and Thor, became the director, and also wrote the final script with his writing partner Jane Goldman. While First Class wound up overtaking a planned Magneto prequel that entered development hell and the Writer's Guild of America arbitration gave a story credit to Magneto writer Sheldon Turner, Turner's script was not read by any of the First Class screenwriters.
/m/0c0k1	Harrison Ford is an American film actor and producer. He is famous for his performances as Han Solo in the original Star Wars trilogy and the title character of the Indiana Jones film series. Ford is also known for his roles as Rick Deckard in Blade Runner, John Book in Witness and Jack Ryan in Patriot Games and Clear and Present Danger. His career has spanned six decades and includes roles in several Hollywood blockbusters, including Apocalypse Now, Presumed Innocent, The Fugitive, Air Force One, and What Lies Beneath. At one point, four of the top six box-office hits of all time included one of his roles. Five of his films have been inducted into the National Film Registry.\nIn 1997, Ford was ranked No. 1 in Empire's \"The Top 100 Movie Stars of All Time\" list. As of July 2008, the United States domestic box office grosses of Ford's films total over US$3.5 billion, with worldwide grosses surpassing $6 billion, making Ford the third highest grossing U.S. domestic box-office star. Ford is the husband of actress Calista Flockhart.
/m/0343_	Gothenburg is the second largest city in Sweden and the fifth largest in the Nordic countries. Situated by the Kattegat, on the west coast of Sweden, the city proper has a population of 533,260, with 549,839 in the urban area and about one million inhabitants in the metropolitan area. Gothenburg is classified as a global city by GaWC, with a ranking of Gamma−. The city was ranked as the 12th most inventive city in the world by Forbes.\nGothenburg was founded by royal charter in 1621 by King Gustavus Adolphus. At the mouth of the Göta älv, the Port of Gothenburg is the largest port in the Nordic countries.\nGothenburg is home to many students, as the city includes both the University of Gothenburg and Chalmers University of Technology. Volvo was founded in Gothenburg in 1927. The city is a major centre in Sweden for sports and home to the IFK Göteborg, BK Häcken, GAIS and Örgryte IS association football teams as well as the Frölunda HC ice hockey team.\nGothenburg is served by Göteborg Landvetter Airport, located 30 km southeast of the city centre, and by Göteborg City Airport, located 15 km from the city centre.\nThe city is known for hosting some of the largest annual events in Scandinavia. The Göteborg International Film Festival, held in January since 1979, is the leading film festival in Scandinavia with over 155,000 visitors annually. During the summer a broad variety of music festivals take place, such as Way Out West and Metaltown. Gothia Cup, held every year in Gothenburg, is in regards to the number of participants the world's largest football tournament: in 2011, a total of 35,200 players from 1567 teams and 72 nations participated.
/m/0974y	General Dynamics Electric Boat is a division of General Dynamics Corporation. It has been the primary builder of submarines for the United States Navy for over 100 years.\nThe company's main facilities are a shipyard in Groton, Connecticut, a hull-fabrication and outfitting facility in Quonset Point, Rhode Island and a design and engineering facility in New London, Connecticut.
/m/026gb3v	Bob Yari is an Iranian-American film producer.\nHe grew up in New York City, and studied cinematography at the University of California, Santa Barbara. Producers of the film Crash won the Best Picture at the 78th Academy Awards.\nAlthough Yari received screen credit as one of the producers of Crash, the Producers Guild of America refused to designate him as a producer to the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences for the purpose of nominating producers of the film for the Best Picture Oscar. Yari sued both the Academy and the Guild in the Los Angeles Superior Court and lost at the demurrer stage. The trial court's decision was affirmed by the California Court of Appeal for the Second Appellate District on March 25, 2008.
/m/0m77m	Doris May Lessing CH was a British novelist, poet, playwright, librettist, biographer and short story writer. Her novels include The Grass is Singing, the sequence of five novels collectively called Children of Violence, The Golden Notebook, The Good Terrorist, and five novels collectively known as Canopus in Argos: Archives.\nLessing was awarded the 2007 Nobel Prize in Literature. In awarding the prize, the Swedish Academy described her as \"that epicist of the female experience, who with scepticism, fire and visionary power has subjected a divided civilisation to scrutiny\". Lessing was the eleventh woman and the oldest person ever to receive the Nobel Prize in Literature.\nIn 2001, Lessing was awarded the David Cohen Prize for a lifetime's achievement in British literature. In 2008, The Times ranked her fifth on a list of \"The 50 greatest British writers since 1945\".
/m/03339m	Experimental metal, also known as avant-garde metal or avant-metal, is a subgenre of heavy metal music loosely defined by use of experimentation and characterized by the use of innovative, avant-garde elements, large-scale experimentation, and the use of non-standard and unconventional sounds, instruments, song structures, playing styles, and vocal techniques. It evolved out of progressive rock, jazz fusion, and extreme metal, particularly death metal and black metal. Some local scenes include Los Angeles, the San Francisco Bay Area, Boston, and Seattle in the United States, Oslo in Norway, and Tokyo in Japan.
/m/0l178	Somme is a department of France, located in the north of the country and named after the Somme river. It is part of the Picardy region of France.\nThe north central area of the Somme was the site of a series of battles during World War I. Particularly significant was the 1916 Battle of the Somme. As a result of this and other battles fought in the area the department is home to many military cemeteries and several major monuments commemorating the many soldiers from various countries who died on its battlefields.
/m/02xhpl	Alice is an American sitcom television series that ran from August 31, 1976 to March 19, 1985 on CBS. The series is based on the 1974 film Alice Doesn't Live Here Anymore. The show stars Linda Lavin in the title role, a widow who moves with her young son to start her life over again, and finds a job working at a roadside diner on the outskirts of Phoenix, Arizona. Most of the episodes revolve around events at Mel's Diner.
/m/05qbbfb	The Last Airbender is a 2010 American fantasy adventure film written, produced, and directed by M. Night Shyamalan. It is based on the first season of the Nickelodeon animated series Avatar: The Last Airbender. The film stars Noah Ringer as Aang, with Dev Patel as Prince Zuko, Nicola Peltz as Katara, and Jackson Rathbone as Sokka.\nDevelopment for the film began in 2007. It was produced by Nickelodeon Movies and distributed by Paramount Pictures. The Last Airbender was made for $150 million. Premiering in New York City on June 30, 2010, it opened in the United States the following day, grossing an estimated $16 million. It received extremely negative reviews from critics, receiving a Rotten Tomatoes score of 6%. The movie swept the Golden Raspberry Awards in 2010, with five wins including Worst Picture and has been considered to be one of the worst films of all time. Despite negative reviews, The Last Airbender opened in second place at the box office behind The Twilight Saga: Eclipse, and eventually grossed $131 million domestically and $319 million worldwide, becoming a box office success.
/m/01wgr	Czech is a West Slavic language with about 12 million native speakers; it is the majority language in the Czech Republic and spoken by Czechs worldwide. The language was known as Bohemian in English until the late 19th century. Czech is similar to and mutually intelligible with Slovak, the Sorbian languages and, to a lesser extent, with other Slavic languages.
/m/09tkzy	A Room with a View is a British romance drama film Academy Awards nominated adaptation directed by James Ivory and produced by Ismail Merchant of E. M. Forster's 1908 novel of the same name. The film follows closely the novel by use of the chapter titles to section the film into thematic segments. Set in England and Italy, it is about a young woman in the restrictive and repressed culture of Edwardian era England and her developing love for a free-spirited young man.
/m/0d608	Daniel Edward \"Dan\" Aykroyd, CM is a Canadian comedian, actor, screenwriter and singer. He was an original cast member of Saturday Night Live, an originator of The Blues Brothers and Ghostbusters, and has had a long career as a film actor and screenwriter.\nIn 1990, he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for Driving Miss Daisy.
/m/011k4g	Carl W. Stalling was an American composer and arranger for music in animated films. He is most closely associated with the Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies shorts produced by Warner Bros., where he averaged one complete score each week, for 22 years.
/m/0gq_v	The Academy Awards are the oldest awards ceremony for achievements in motion pictures. The Academy Award for Best Production Design recognizes achievement in art direction on a film. The category's original name was Best Art Direction, but was changed to its current name in 2012 for the 85th Academy Awards. This change resulted from the Art Director's branch of the Academy being renamed the Designer's branch. Since 1947, the award is shared with the Set Decorator.\nThe films below are listed with their production year. In the lists below, the winner of the award for each year is shown first, followed by the other nominees.
/m/0frz0	An economist is a professional in the social science discipline of economics. The individual may also study, develop, and apply theories and concepts from economics and write about economic policy. Within this field there are many sub-fields, ranging from the broad philosophical theories to the focused study of minutiae within specific markets, macroeconomic analysis, microeconomic analysis or financial statement analysis, involving analytical methods and tools such as econometrics, statistics, economics computational models, financial economics, mathematical finance and mathematical economics.
/m/020d8d	Bradford lies at the heart of the City of Bradford, a metropolitan borough of West Yorkshire, in Northern England. It is situated in the foothills of the Pennines, 8.6 miles west of Leeds, and 16 miles northwest of Wakefield. Bradford became a municipal borough in 1847, and received its charter as a city in 1897. Following local government reform in 1974, city status was bestowed upon the wider metropolitan borough.\nBradford forms part of the West Yorkshire Urban Area conurbation which in 2001 had a population of 1.5 million and is the fourth largest urban area in the United Kingdom with the Bradford subdivision of the aforementioned urban area having a population of 293,717. Bradford is also part of the Leeds-Bradford Larger Urban Zone, the third largest in the UK after London and Manchester, with an estimated population in the 2004 Urban Audit of 2.4 million.\nHistorically a part of the West Riding of Yorkshire, Bradford rose to prominence during the 19th century as an international centre of textile manufacture, particularly wool. It was a boomtown of the Industrial Revolution, and amongst the earliest industrialised settlements, rapidly becoming the \"wool capital of the world\". The area's access to a supply of coal, iron ore and soft water facilitated the growth of Bradford's manufacturing base, which, as textile manufacture grew, led to an explosion in population and was a stimulus to civic investment; Bradford has fine Victorian architecture including the grand Italianate City Hall.
/m/090q4n	SV Darmstadt 98 is a German association football club based in Darmstadt, Hesse. The club was founded on 22 May 1898 as FC Olympia Darmstadt. Early in 1919 the association was briefly known as Rasen-Sportverein Olympia before merging with Darmstädter Sport Club 1905 on 11 November that year to become Sportverein Darmstadt 98. Merger partner SC was the product of a 1905 union between Viktoria 1900 Darmstadt and Germania 1903 Darmstadt. The footballers are today part of a sports club which also offers its approximately 1,200 members athletics, basketball, cheerleading, hiking, judo, and table tennis.
/m/0gq_d	The Academy Award for Animated Short Film is an award which has been given by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences as part of the Academy Awards every year since the 5th Academy Awards, covering the year 1931-32, to the present.\nThis category was known as \"Short Subjects, Cartoons\" from 1932 until 1970, and as \"Short Subjects, Animated Films\" from 1971 to 1973. The present title began with the 1974 awards. In the listings below, the title shown in boldface was the winner of the award, followed by the other nominees for that year. This category is notable for giving Walt Disney 12 of his 22 Academy Awards, including a posthumous 1968 award, and also 10 of the first 11 awards awarded in the category. Only American films were nominated for the award until 1952.\nWalt Disney's Silly Symphonies and MGM's Tom and Jerry were the category's most lauded animated series, both winning seven Oscars. Among foreign studios, the National Film Board of Canada has the most wins in this category, with six Oscars. The biggest showing from Britain in this category is Nick Park's Wallace and Gromit with two wins so far.\nAwards were presented to the shorts' producers during the first five decades of the award's existence. Current Academy rules call for the award to be presented to \"the individual person most directly responsible for the concept and the creative execution of the film. In the event that more than one individual has been directly and importantly involved in creative decisions, a second statuette may be awarded.\" The Academy defines short as being \"not more than 40 minutes, including all credits.\"
/m/09y6pb	The Next Best Thing is a 2000 American comedy-drama film, the final film directed by John Schlesinger. It stars Madonna, Rupert Everett, and Benjamin Bratt. It was a critical and commercial failure.
/m/0dn3n	Margaret Mary Emily Anne Hyra, known professionally as Meg Ryan, is an American actress and producer. After playing several minor roles in film and television, Ryan got the leading female role in When Harry Met Sally.... Over the next 15 years, she played leading roles in several romantic-comedy films, including Sleepless in Seattle, French Kiss, Addicted to Love, City of Angels, You've Got Mail, and Kate & Leopold, films which together grossed a total of more than $870 million worldwide. In 1995, Time critic Richard Corliss called her \"the current soul of romantic comedy.\"
/m/05g7q	Nelson Rolihlahla Mandela was a South African anti-apartheid revolutionary, politician, and philanthropist who served as President of South Africa from 1994 to 1999. He was South Africa's first black chief executive, and the first elected in a fully representative democratic election. His government focused on dismantling the legacy of apartheid through tackling institutionalised racism, poverty and inequality, and fostering racial reconciliation. Politically an African nationalist and democratic socialist, he served as President of the African National Congress from 1991 to 1997. Internationally, Mandela was Secretary General of the Non-Aligned Movement from 1998 to 1999.\nA Xhosa born to the Thembu royal family, Mandela attended the Fort Hare University and the University of Witwatersrand, where he studied law. Living in Johannesburg, he became involved in anti-colonial politics, joining the ANC and becoming a founding member of its Youth League. After the South African National Party came to power in 1948, he rose to prominence in the ANC's 1952 Defiance Campaign, was appointed superintendent of the organisation's Transvaal chapter and presided over the 1955 Congress of the People. Working as a lawyer, he was repeatedly arrested for seditious activities and, with the ANC leadership, was unsuccessfully prosecuted in the Treason Trial from 1956 to 1961. Influenced by Marxism, he secretly joined the South African Communist Party and sat on its Central Committee. Although initially committed to non-violent protest, in association with the SACP he co-founded the militant Umkhonto we Sizwe in 1961, leading a sabotage campaign against the apartheid government. In 1962, he was arrested, convicted of conspiracy to overthrow the state, and sentenced to life imprisonment in the Rivonia Trial.
/m/01d4cb	Ryland Peter \"Ry\" Cooder is an American musician. He is known for his slide guitar work, his interest in roots music from the United States, and, more recently, his collaborations with traditional musicians from many countries.\nHis solo work has been eclectic, encompassing folk, blues, Tex-Mex, soul, gospel, rock, and much else. He has collaborated with many musicians, notably including Eric Clapton, The Rolling Stones, Van Morrison, Neil Young, Randy Newman, David Lindley, and The Doobie Brothers. He briefly formed a band named Little Village.\nRy Cooder produced the Buena Vista Social Club album, which became a worldwide hit. Wim Wenders directed the documentary film of the same name, which was nominated for an Academy Award in 2000.\nHe was ranked eighth on Rolling Stone magazine's 2003 list of \"The 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time\". A 2010 ranking by Gibson placed him at number 32.
/m/04wxr	A mountain range or mountain belt is a geographic area containing numerous geologically related mountains. A mountain system or system of mountain ranges sometimes is used to combine several geological features that are geographically related.\nMountain ranges are usually segmented by highlands or mountain passes and valleys. Individual mountains within the same mountain range do not necessarily have the same geologic structure or petrology. They may be a mix of different orogenic expressions and terranes, for example thrust sheets, uplifted blocks, fold mountains, and volcanic landforms resulting in a variety of rock types.
/m/03x3qv	Joshua Charles Malina is an American film and stage actor. He is best known for portraying Will Bailey on the NBC drama The West Wing, Jeremy Goodwin on Sports Night, and David Rosen on Scandal.
/m/05hqv	The National Party of Australia is an Australian political party. Traditionally representing graziers, farmers and rural voters generally, it began as the Australian Country Party, and then adopted the name the National Country Party in 1975. The party's name was changed to the National Party of Australia in 1982. The party is commonly referred to as \"The Nationals\". Federally, in New South Wales, and to an extent Victoria and historically in Western Australia, it has generally been the minor party in a centre-right Coalition with the Liberal Party of Australia in government. In Opposition it has worked in formal Coalition or separately, but generally in co-operation with the Liberal Party and its predecessor, the United Australia Party. It was the major Coalition party in Queensland between 1936 and 2008, when it merged with the junior Queensland Division of the Liberal Party of Australia to form the Liberal National Party of Queensland.\nThe National Party of Australia party's federal parliamentary leader since 3 December 2007, following the coalition's defeat at the 2007 federal election, is Warren Truss.
/m/02g5h5	Peter C. MacNicol is an American actor. He is known in films for his roles of Janosz Proha in Ghostbusters II, Stingo in Sophie's Choice, and David Langley in Bean. For television he is known for the roles of the eccentric lawyer John Cage in the FOX comedy-drama Ally McBeal, as Tom Lennox in the sixth season of action-thriller 24, Alan Birch in the medical drama Chicago Hope, and as physicist Dr. Larry Fleinhardt on the CBS crime drama NUMB3RS.
/m/01qcz7	The Canton of Vaud is the third largest of Swiss cantons by population and fourth by size. It is located in Romandie, the French-speaking western part of the country, and borders the canton of Neuchâtel to the north, the cantons of Fribourg and Bern to the east, Valais and Lake Geneva to the south, the canton of Geneva to the south-west and France to the west.\nThe capital is Lausanne, officially designated \"Olympic Capital\" by the International Olympic Committee and host to many sport organizations. The canton had 725,944 inhabitants as of 2011.
/m/05sy0cv	The ABC Afterschool Special is an American television anthology series that aired on ABC from 1972 to 1997, usually in the late afternoon on week days. Most episodes were dramatically presented situations, often controversial, of interest to children and teenagers. Several episodes were either in animated form or presented as documentaries. Topics included illiteracy, substance abuse and teenage pregnancy. The series won 51 Daytime Emmy Awards during its 25-year run.\nIn 2004 and 2005, BCI Eclipse and Sunset Home Visual Entertainment issued six DVD collections of episodes from the series that had been produced by Martin Tahse, each collection containing four episodes. A boxed set, in the shape of a school bus, was also released containing all of the DVD releases, with a detailed information booklet of all the specials on the set and including an extra DVD of two specials that had previously not been released on DVD. The DVDs are currently out of print.
/m/08phg9	Star Trek is a 2009 American science fiction action film directed by J. J. Abrams, written by Roberto Orci and Alex Kurtzman and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is the eleventh film of the Star Trek film franchise and is also a reboot that features the main characters of the original Star Trek television series, portrayed by a new cast. The film follows James T. Kirk and Spock aboard the USS Enterprise as they combat Nero, a Romulan from their future who threatens the United Federation of Planets. The story takes place in an alternate reality due to time travel by both Nero and the original Spock. The alternate timeline was created in an effort to free the film and the franchise from established continuity constraints while simultaneously preserving original story elements.\nDevelopment for Star Trek originated in 1968, when creator Gene Roddenberry announced plans to produce a prequel modeled after the television series. The concept resurfaced temporarily in the late 1980s, when it was postulated by Harve Bennett as a possible plotline for the movie that would become Star Trek VI: The Undiscovered Country, but was rejected in lieu of other projects by Roddenberry. Following the critical and commercial failure of Star Trek: Nemesis and the cancellation of the television series Star Trek: Enterprise, franchise executive producer Rick Berman and screenwriter Erik Jendresen wrote an un-produced film, titled Star Trek: The Beginning, which would take place after Enterprise. After the split between Viacom and CBS Corporation, former Paramount president Gail Berman convinced CBS to produce a feature film. Orci and Kurtzman, both fans of the Star Trek series, were approached to write the film and Abrams was approached to direct it. Kurtzman and Orci used inspiration from novels and graduate school dissertations as well as the series itself.
/m/01hvjx	South Park: Bigger, Longer & Uncut is a 1999 American animated musical comedy film based on the animated television series South Park, and produced, co-written by and starring its creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone. The film was directed and co-scored by Parker and co-written by their South Park collaborator Pam Brady, and co-starred Mary Kay Bergman, and Isaac Hayes as Chef. It features twelve songs by Parker and Marc Shaiman with additional lyrics by Stone. It was produced by Paramount Pictures and Warner Bros. in association with Comedy Central.\nThe film is largely concerned with the issues of censorship and freedom of speech. It parodies animated Disney films released during the Disney Renaissance, such as Beauty and the Beast and The Little Mermaid as well as musicals such as the West End's Les Misérables, and satirizes the controversy surrounding the show itself. In the film, the four boys from South Park see a controversial R-rated movie featuring Canadians Terrance and Phillip. The boys begin cursing incessantly and their parents pressure the United States to wage war against Canada for corrupting their children. The movie also heavily satirizes the Motion Picture Association of America; Parker and Stone battled the MPAA throughout the production process and the movie received an R rating just two weeks prior to its release.
/m/0195j0	Royal Leamington Spa, commonly known as Leamington Spa or Leamington or Leam colloquially, is a spa town in central Warwickshire, England. Formerly known as Leamington Priors, its expansion began following the popularisation of the medicinal qualities of its water by Dr Kerr in 1784, and by Dr Lambe around 1797. During the 19th century, the town experienced one of the most rapid expansions in England. It is named after the River Leam which flows through the town.\nThe town comprises six electoral wards; Brunswick, Milverton, Manor, Crown, Clarendon and Willes. The total population for those wards in 2011 was 49,491.
/m/04xsv	Martial arts are codified systems and traditions of combat practices, which are practiced for a variety of reasons: self-defense, competition, physical health and fitness, entertainment, as well as mental, physical, and spiritual development.\nAlthough the term martial art has become heavily associated with the fighting arts of eastern Asia, it was originally used in regard to the combat systems of Europe as early as the 1550s. An English fencing manual of 1639 used the term in reference specifically to the \"Science and Art\" of swordplay. The term is ultimately derived from Latin, and means \"arts of Mars,\" where Mars is the Roman god of war. Some authors, most notably Donn F. Draeger, have argued that fighting arts or fighting systems would be more appropriate on the basis that many martial arts were never martial in the sense of being used or created by professional warriors.
/m/0k2sk	Who Framed Roger Rabbit is a 1988 American fantasy comedy film directed by Robert Zemeckis. The film combines live action and animation. The screenplay by Jeffrey Price and Peter S. Seaman is based on Gary K. Wolf's novel Who Censored Roger Rabbit?, which depicts a world in which cartoon characters interact directly with human beings.\nWho Framed Roger Rabbit stars Bob Hoskins as private detective Eddie Valiant, who investigates a murder involving the famous cartoon character, Roger Rabbit. The film co-stars Charles Fleischer as the eponymous character's voice; Christopher Lloyd as Judge Doom, the villain; Kathleen Turner as the voice of Jessica Rabbit, Roger's cartoon wife; and Joanna Cassidy as Dolores, the detective's girlfriend.\nWalt Disney Productions purchased the film rights to the story in 1981. Jeffrey Price and Peter S. Seaman wrote two drafts of the script before Disney brought in executive producer Steven Spielberg, with his Amblin Entertainment becoming the production company.\nRobert Zemeckis was brought on to direct the film. Canadian animator Richard Williams was hired to supervise the animation sequences. Production was moved from Los Angeles to Elstree Studios in England to accommodate Williams and his group of animators. While filming, the production budget began to rapidly expand and the shooting schedule ran longer than expected.
/m/03_xj	Jersey, is a British Crown dependency just off the coast of Normandy, France. The bailiwick consists of:\nJersey is part of the ancient Duchy of Normandy, and is ruled by the Duke of Normandy—a title held by the reigning Monarch of the United Kingdom, though unrelated to those duties as king or queen of the UK.\nJersey is a self-governing parliamentary democracy under a constitutional monarchy, with its own financial, legal and judicial systems, and the power of self-determination.\nThe island of Jersey is the largest of the Channel Islands. Although the Bailiwicks of Jersey and Guernsey are often referred to collectively as the Channel Islands, the \"Channel Islands\" are not a constitutional or political unit. Jersey has a separate relationship to the British Crown from the other Crown dependencies of Guernsey and the Isle of Man. It is not part of the United Kingdom, and has an international identity separate from that of the UK but the United Kingdom is constitutionally responsible for the defence of Jersey. The Commission have confirmed in a written reply to the European Parliament in 2003 that Jersey is within the Union as a European Territory for whose external relationships the United Kingdom is responsible. Jersey is not fully part of the European Union but has a special relationship with it,notably being treated as within the European Community for the purposes of free trade in goods.
/m/05p09zm	The Razzie Award for Worst Screen Combo is an award presented at the annual Golden Raspberry Awards to the worst movie pairing or cast of the past year. The following is a list of nominees and recipients of the awards, along with the film for which they were nominated. The category, which made its debut at the 15th Razzie ceremony, was originally named Worst Screen Couple, but in 2011 it was changed to Worst Screen Couple / Worst Screen Ensemble so entire casts could be included. This was changed again in 2012 where Screen Couple and Screen Ensemble were split and awarded separately before being changed again in 2013 to an individual award called Worst Screen Combo.The category is defined to include any combination of actors, actresses, props, or body parts.
/m/05jhg	News is the communication of selected information on current events. It is shared in various ways: among individuals and small groups; with wider audiences; or in ways that blend those traits.
/m/0fw4v	San Juan, officially Municipio de la Ciudad Capital San Juan Bautista, is the capital and most populous municipality in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, an unincorporated territory of the United States. As of the 2010 census, it had a population of 395,326 making it the 46th-largest city under the jurisdiction of the United States. San Juan was founded by Spanish colonists in 1521, who called it Ciudad de Puerto Rico. Puerto Rico's capital is the second oldest European-established capital city in the Americas, after Santo Domingo, in the Dominican Republic. Several historical buildings are located in San Juan; among the most notable are the city's former defensive forts, Fort San Felipe del Morro and Fort San Cristóbal, and La Fortaleza, the oldest executive mansion in continuous use in the Americas.\nToday, San Juan is one of Puerto Rico's most important seaports, and is the island's manufacturing, financial, cultural, and tourism center. The population of the Metropolitan Statistical Area, including San Juan and the municipalities of Bayamón, Guaynabo, Cataño, Canóvanas, Caguas, Toa Alta, Toa Baja, Carolina and Trujillo Alto, is about 2 million inhabitants; thus, about half the population of Puerto Rico now lives and works in this area. San Juan is also a principal city of the San Juan-Caguas-Fajardo Combined Statistical Area. The city has been the host of numerous important events within the sports community, including the 1979 Pan American Games, 1966 Central American and Caribbean Games, events of the 2006, 2009 and 2013 World Baseball Classics, the Caribbean Series and the Special Olympics and MLB San Juan Series in 2010.
/m/02p4pt3	The House of Plantagenet was a royal dynasty that came to prominence in the High Middle Ages and lasted until the end of the Late Middle Ages. Within that period, some historians identify four distinct Royal Houses: Angevins, Plantagenet, Lancaster and York.\nThe Plantagenet name for the dynasty dates from the 15th century and comes from a 12th-century nickname of Geoffrey. A common retrospective view is that Geoffrey V of Anjou founded the dynasty through his marriage to Matilda, the daughter of Henry I of England. From the accession of their son, Henry II, via the Treaty of Winchester that ended two decades of civil war, a long line of 14 Plantagenet kings ruled England, until Richard III's death in 1485. Henry II accumulated a vast and complex feudal holding with his marriage to Eleanor of Aquitaine, which extended from the Pyrenees to Ireland and the border of Scotland, that was later called the Angevin Empire.\nThe Plantagenets transformed England from a realm ruled from abroad into one of a deeply engaged and mature kingdom, although not necessarily always intentionally. Winston Churchill, the twentieth-century British prime minister, articulated this in A History of the English-Speaking Peoples; \"[w]hen the long tally is added, it will be seen that the British nation and the English-speaking world owe far more to the vices of John than to the labours of virtuous sovereigns\". From Magna Carta onward, the role of kingship transformed under the Plantagenet—driven by weakness to make compromises that constrained their power in return for financial and military support. The king changed from being the most powerful man in the country with the prerogative of judgement, feudal tribute and warfare into a polity where the king's duties to his realm, in addition to the realm's duties to the king, were defined, underpinned by a sophisticated justice system. Success for the Plantagenets required martial prowess, and many were renowned warrior leaders. Conflict with the French, Scots, Welsh and Irish was to help shape a distinct national identity and re-established the use of English. They also provided England with significant buildings such as Westminster Abbey, Windsor Castle and the Welsh Castles.
/m/01d66p	Aylesbury is the county town of Buckinghamshire, England and administrative town of the Aylesbury Vale district in the outskirts of the London commuter belt. Its urban area in 2011 includes Bierton, Fairford Leys, Stoke Mandeville and Watermead and had an overall population of 74,748 whereas the town, a civil parish and town council had in 2011 a population of 58,740.
/m/0mnwd	Fredericksburg is an independent city in the Commonwealth of Virginia . As of the 2010 census, the population was 24,286. The Bureau of Economic Analysis combines the city of Fredericksburg with neighboring Spotsylvania County for statistical purposes.\nLocated 49 miles south of Washington, D.C. and 58 miles north of Richmond, Fredericksburg is part of the Baltimore-Washington Metropolitan Area.\nLocated near where the Rappahannock River crosses the Fall Line, Fredericksburg was a prominent port in Virginia during the colonial era. During the Civil War, the town, located halfway between the capitals of the opposing forces, was the site of the Battle of Fredericksburg and Second Battle of Fredericksburg, preserved in part as the Fredericksburg and Spotsylvania National Military Park. Tourism is a major part of the economy, with approximately 1.5 million people visiting the Fredericksburg area annually, including the battlefield park, the downtown visitor center, events, museums and historic sites.\nFredericksburg is home to several major commercial centers including Central Park and Spotsylvania Towne Centre, located in Spotsylvania County adjacent to the city line. Major employers include the University of Mary Washington, Mary Washington Healthcare, and GEICO. Many Fredericksburg-area residents commute to work by car, bus, and rail to Washington DC and Richmond, as well as the counties of Fairfax, Prince William, and Arlington. This has led to Fredericksburg becoming more culturally synonymous with the rest of Northern Virginia.
/m/05rfst	A History of Violence is a 2005 American crime thriller film directed by David Cronenberg and written by Josh Olson. It is an adaptation of the 1997 graphic novel of the same name by John Wagner and Vince Locke. The film stars Viggo Mortensen as the owner of a small-town diner who is thrust into the spotlight after killing two robbers in self-defense, thus forcing him to confront his violent past.\nThe film was in the main competition for the 2005 Palme d'Or. The film was put into limited release in the United States on September 23, 2005, and wide release on September 30, 2005.\nWilliam Hurt was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor, while Josh Olson was nominated for Academy Award for Best Writing. The L.A. Times has said it was the last major Hollywood film to be released on VHS.
/m/0bqr7_	Iraklis F.C., is a Greek football club, based in the city of Thessaloniki, Macedonia, Greece, currently playing in Football League, the second tier of Greek football. Their home ground is the Kaftanzoglio Stadium with a capacity of 27,770.\nEstablished in 1908, the club is one of the oldest in Greek football and the oldest in Thessaloniki, hence the nickname Ghireos. Iraklis was a founding member of Macedonia Football Clubs Association, as well as the Hellenic Football Federation, as a part of G.S. Iraklis Thessaloniki. The club had featured in all, but one, seasons of the top tier of Greek football up until 2011, when it was relegated to the amateur divisions of the Greek Football Federation, after failing to obtain a licence for Greek Superleague, due to financial problems. During 2011-12 season, Iraklis secured a deal with a Football League 2 club, Pontioi Katerini F.C., which became A.E.P. - Iraklis 1908 F.C..\nBefore the formation of the nationwide league of Alpha Ethniki, Iraklis competed in the league that was run by the Macedonia Football Clubs Association, winning it in no less than five occasions. The club has also played in five Greek Cup finals, lifting the trophy once in the 1976 final, which is the club's only domestic trophy. Iraklis have also an international title, as they won the Balkans Cup in 1985.
/m/047g8h	Placekicker, or simply kicker, is the player in American and Canadian football who is responsible for the kicking duties of field goals and extra points. In many cases, the placekicker also serves as the team's kickoff specialist or, more rarely, punter, as well.
/m/073hmq	The 60th Academy Awards were presented April 11, 1988 at the Shrine Auditorium, Los Angeles, California. It was produced by Samuel Goldwyn, Jr. and directed by Marty Pasetta. The ceremony, which was broadcast on ABC, was the first to be held there since the 20th Academy Awards. The 1988 Writers Guild of America strike, which began on March 7, were mentioned several times during the evening: host Chevy Chase claimed his \"entire monologue was generously donated by five Teamsters\" and Sean Connery referred to the strike in his acceptance speech.\nBilly Wilder was rewarded The Irving G. Thalberg Memorial Award. The event was otherwise dominated by two films. The Last Emperor won all nine Oscars for which it was nominated, including two for Bernardo Bertolucci, who won for his direction and for co-writing the screenplay, adapted from the title character's autobiography. It did so in spite of having been \"snubbed by several Hollywood studios and mishandled by the company that finally distributed it.\" Moonstruck, nominated for six Academy Awards, received three, two in acting categories, and another for its original screenplay. Four films with five or more nominations were shut out: Broadcast News, Hope and Glory, Fatal Attraction, and Empire of the Sun. Janet Maslin, reviewing the ceremony for The New York Times, said the ceremony \"emphasiz[ed] the low-gloss aspects of today's Hollywood\"—a lack of gloss made particularly evident by the appearance of presenters Gregory Peck and Audrey Hepburn, who stood out like \"visiting royalty\".
/m/0d2fd7	Majesco Entertainment is an American video game publisher founded in 1986.
/m/05ml_s	Timothy David Olyphant is an American actor. He is known for his television work as Sheriff Seth Bullock in Deadwood, and Wes Krulik in Damages. He has also starred in the films Scream 2, Go, Gone in 60 Seconds, The Broken Hearts Club: A Romantic Comedy, Dreamcatcher, The Girl Next Door, Live Free or Die Hard/Die Hard 4.0, Hitman, A Perfect Getaway, The Crazies, I Am Number Four, and Rango. Since 2010, he has played Deputy U.S. Marshal Raylan Givens in the series Justified.
/m/041mt	Jean-Louis \"Jack\" Kérouac was an American novelist and poet. He is considered a literary iconoclast and, alongside William S. Burroughs and Allen Ginsberg, a pioneer of the Beat Generation. Kerouac is recognized for his spontaneous method of writing, covering topics such as Catholic spirituality, jazz, promiscuity, Buddhism, drugs, poverty, and travel. He became an underground celebrity and, with other beats, a progenitor of the hippie movement, although he remained antagonistic toward some of its politically radical elements.\nIn 1969, at age 47, Kerouac died from internal bleeding due to long-term alcohol abuse. Since his death Kerouac's literary prestige has grown and several previously unseen works have been published. All of his books are in print today, among them: On the Road, Doctor Sax, The Dharma Bums, Mexico City Blues, The Subterraneans, Desolation Angels, Visions of Cody, The Sea is My Brother, and Big Sur.
/m/08cx5g	Torchwood is a British science fiction television programme created by Russell T Davies. The series is a spin-off from the 2005 revival of the long-running science fiction programme Doctor Who. The show has shifted its broadcast channel each series to reflect its growing audience, moving from BBC Three to BBC Two to BBC One, and acquiring US financing in its fourth series when it became a co-production of BBC One and Starz. In contrast to Doctor Who, whose target audience includes both adults and children, Torchwood is aimed at an older audience. Over its run, the show explored a number of themes, prominent among these were existentialism, gay and bisexual relationships and explorations of human corruptibility.\nTorchwood follows the exploits of a small team of alien hunters, who make up the Cardiff branch of the fictional Torchwood Institute, which deals mainly with incidents involving extraterrestrials. Its central character is Captain Jack Harkness, an immortal former con-man from the distant future; Jack originally appeared in the 2005 series of Doctor Who. Other than Barrowman, the initial main cast of the series consisted of Eve Myles, Burn Gorman, Naoko Mori and Gareth David-Lloyd. Their characters are specialists for the Torchwood team, often tracking down aliens and defending the planet from alien and nefarious human threats. In its first two series, the show uses a time rift in Cardiff as its primary plot generator, accounting for the unusual preponderance of alien beings in Cardiff. In the third and fourth series, Torchwood operate as fugitives. Gorman and Mori's characters were written out of the story at the end of the second series. Recurring actor Kai Owen was promoted to the main cast in series three, in which David-Lloyd too was written out. Subsequently, American actors Mekhi Phifer, Alexa Havins, and Bill Pullman joined the cast of the show for its fourth series; the latter two were written out at the end of its run.
/m/0661ql3	Inception is a 2010 British-American science fiction heist thriller film written, co-produced, and directed by Christopher Nolan. The film stars a large ensemble cast that includes Leonardo DiCaprio, Ken Watanabe, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Marion Cotillard, Ellen Page, Tom Hardy, Dileep Rao, Cillian Murphy, Tom Berenger, and Michael Caine. DiCaprio plays Dom Cobb, a professional thief who commits corporate espionage by infiltrating the subconscious of his targets. He is offered a chance of redemption as payment for a task considered to be impossible: \"inception\", the implantation of another person's idea into a target's subconscious.\nShortly after finishing Insomnia, Nolan wrote an 80-page treatment about \"dream stealers\" envisioning a horror film inspired by lucid dreaming and presented the idea to Warner Bros. Feeling he needed to have more experience with large-scale film production, Nolan retired the project and instead worked on Batman Begins, The Prestige, and The Dark Knight. He spent six months revising the script before Warner Bros. purchased it in February 2009. Inception was filmed in six countries and four continents, beginning in Tokyo on June 19, 2009, and finishing in Canada on November 22, 2009. Its official budget was US$160 million; a cost which was split between Warner Bros and Legendary Pictures. Nolan's reputation and success with The Dark Knight helped secure the film's $100 million in advertising expenditure, with most of the publicity involving viral marketing.
/m/0ftn8	Tunis is the capital of Tunisia. It is Tunisia's largest city, with a population of 651,183 as of 2013. The greater metropolitan area holds some 2,300,000 inhabitants.\nSituated on a large Mediterranean Sea gulf, behind the Lake of Tunis and the port of La Goulette, the city extends along the coastal plain and the hills that surround it. At the centre of more modern development lies the old medina. Beyond this district lie the suburbs of Carthage, La Marsa, and Sidi Bou Said.\nThe medina is found at the centre of the city: a dense agglomeration of alleys and covered passages, full of intense scents and colours, boisterous and active trade, and a surfeit of goods on offer ranging from leather to plastic, tin to the finest filigree, tourist souvenirs to the works of tiny crafts shops.\nJust through the Sea Gate begins the modern city, or Ville Nouvelle, transversed by the grand Avenue Habib Bourguiba, where the colonial-era buildings provide a clear contrast to smaller, older structures. As the capital city of the country, Tunis is the focus of Tunisian political and administrative life; it is also the centre of the country's commercial activity. The expansion of the Tunisian economy in recent decades is reflected in the booming development of the outer city where one can see clearly the social challenges brought about by rapid modernization in Tunisia.
/m/05n5kv	The Order of the Elephant is the highest order of Denmark. It has origins in the 15th century, but has officially existed since 1693, and since the establishment of constitutional monarchy in 1849, is now almost exclusively bestowed on royalty and heads of state.
/m/01g2q	Bipolar disorder is a mental illness characterized by episodes of an elevated or agitated mood known as mania often alternating with episodes of depression. These episodes can impair the individual's ability to function in ordinary life. About 4% of people have bipolar disorder worldwide, a proportion that is consistent for men and women and across racial and ethnic groups. The cause is not clearly understood, but genetic and environmental risk factors are believed to play a role. Treatment commonly includes therapy and mood stabilizing medication.\nThere are widespread problems with social stigma, stereotypes, and prejudice against individuals with bipolar disorder.
/m/0301bq	Anthony M. LaPaglia is an Australian actor. He is known for his role as FBI agent Jack Malone on the American TV series Without a Trace, for which he won a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Television Series Drama, and for his portrayal of Simon Moon on the TV show Frasier, for which he won a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actor in a Comedy Series. He is also known for his role as Barry \"The Blade\" Muldanno in The Client.
/m/035gt8	Skidmore College is a private, independent, liberal arts college in Saratoga Springs, New York. Approximately 2,500 students are enrolled at Skidmore pursuing a Bachelor of Arts or Bachelor of Science degree in one of more than 60 areas of study.
/m/05g76	The New York Mets are a professional baseball team based in the borough of Queens in New York City. They play in Major League Baseball's National League East Division. One of baseball's first expansion teams, the Mets were founded in 1962 to replace New York's departed National League teams, the New York Giants and Brooklyn Dodgers. The Mets' colors are composed of the Dodgers' blue and Giants' orange. During the 1962 and 1963 seasons, the Mets played their home games at the Polo Grounds. From 1964 to 2008, the Mets' home ballpark was Shea Stadium. In 2009, they moved into their current ballpark, Citi Field.\nIn their 1962 inaugural season, the Mets posted a record of 40–120, the worst regular season record since Major League Baseball went to a 162-game schedule. The team never finished better than second to last until the 1969 \"Miracle Mets\" beat the Baltimore Orioles in the 1969 World Series in what is considered one of the biggest upsets in World Series history. Since then, they have played in three additional World Series, including a dramatic run in 1973 that ended in a Game Seven loss to the Oakland Athletics, a second championship in 1986 over the Boston Red Sox, and a Subway Series loss against their cross-town rivals the New York Yankees in the 2000 World Series.
/m/019xz9	Ulm is a city in the federal German state of Baden-Württemberg, situated on the River Danube. The city, whose population is estimated at 120,000, forms an urban district of its own and is the administrative seat of the Alb-Donau district. Ulm, founded around 850, is rich in history and traditions as a former Free Imperial City. Today, it is an economic centre due to its varied industries, and it is the seat of a university. Internationally, Ulm is primarily known for having the church with the tallest steeple in the world, the Gothic minster and as the birthplace of Albert Einstein.
/m/0h1zw	Threonine is an α-amino acid with the chemical formula HO2CCHCHCH3. Its codons are ACU, ACA, ACC, and ACG. This essential amino acid is classified as polar. Together with serine, threonine is one of two proteinogenic amino acids bearing an alcohol group. It is also one of two common amino acids that bear a chiral side chain, along with isoleucine.\nThe threonine residue is susceptible to numerous posttranslational modifications. The hydroxyl side-chain can undergo O-linked glycosylation. In addition, threonine residues undergo phosphorylation through the action of a threonine kinase. In its phosphorylated form, it can be referred to as phosphothreonine.
/m/01900g	Christopher \"Chris\" Tucker is an American actor and comedian. He is best known for playing the role of Smokey in Friday and as Detective James Carter in the Rush Hour film series. Tucker became a frequent stand up performer on Def Comedy Jam in the 1990s. He has also appeared in Luc Besson's The Fifth Element before beginning work on the highly successful Rush Hour films. In 2007, he negotiated a $25 million salary to appear in Rush Hour 3, which made him the highest paid actor in Hollywood at the time.
/m/02pxst	Merry Christmas, Mr. Lawrence is a 1983 Japanese film directed by Nagisa Oshima, produced by Jeremy Thomas and starring David Bowie, Tom Conti, Ryuichi Sakamoto and Takeshi Kitano.\nIt was written by Oshima and Paul Mayersberg and based on Laurens van der Post's experiences during World War II as a prisoner of war as depicted in his works The Seed and the Sower and The Night of the New Moon. Sakamoto also wrote the score and the vocal theme \"Forbidden Colours\", featuring David Sylvian, which was a hit single in many territories.\nThe film was entered into the 1983 Cannes Film Festival in competition for the Palme d'Or. Sakamoto's score also won the film a BAFTA Award for Best Film Music.
/m/07z31v	The 56th Annual Primetime Emmy Awards were held Sunday, September 19, 2004. The awards show was hosted by Garry Shandling and was broadcast on ABC. Nominees are listed below; winners are in bold.\nThe HBO miniseries Angels in America, had the most successful night in Emmy history. It became the first, and only, show to sweep every major category, going 7/7. It also joined Caesar's Hour, in 1957, as the only shows to win the four main acting categories.\nUpstart comedy series Arrested Development won Outstanding Comedy Series and three major awards overall. Its pilot became the 12th episode to accomplish the directing/writing double. After years of winning everything but the top prize, The Sopranos finally took home the crown for Outstanding Drama Series, knocking off four-time defending champion The West Wing. It led all dramas with 12 major nominations, and four major wins.\nEntering its final ceremony, five-time series champion Frasier needed five major wins to tie The Mary Tyler Moore Show's record of 27. Because it was only nominated in five major categories, breaking the record was not possible. Though it did not tie the record, Frasier finished its Emmy career on a high note, winning three major awards, the most it had won since 1998. Its 25 major wins put it at second all time. When adding its wins in technical categories, its total rises to 37, the most for any show.
/m/0fzyg	Aviation is the design, development, production, operation, and use of aircraft, especially heavier-than-air aircraft. The word \"aviation\" was coined by French writer and former naval officer Gabriel La Landelle in 1873, from the verb \"avier\", itself derived from the Latin word \"avis\" and the suffix \"-ation\".
/m/01qqwp9	Plastic Ono Band is a band concept announced by John Lennon and Yoko Ono in 1969 before the dissolution of the Beatles.\nIcons Lennon and Ono had begun a personal and artistic relationship in 1968 by collaborating on the experimental album Unfinished Music No.1: Two Virgins. After a second volume, Unfinished Music No.2: Life with the Lions appeared in the spring of 1969, they decided that all of their future endeavours would be credited to a conceptual and collaborative vehicle, 'Plastic Ono Band'.\nAs the project progressed, the name came to represent a succession of collaborations, by Lennon and Ono singly or together, with a host of artists including one performance line-up comprising Klaus Voormann, Yes drummer Alan White, and Eric Clapton, and other studio and performance groupings of artists such as George Harrison, Delaney & Bonnie and Friends, the Who's drummer Keith Moon, New York band Elephant's Memory, Billy Preston, Nicky Hopkins, Phil Spector, drummer Jim Keltner.\nIn revival since 2009 with Sean Lennon, Cornelius, Yuka Honda, a host of new collaborations has occurred with artists including Kim Gordon, Thurston Moore, Bette Midler, Lady Gaga, Mark Ronson, Scissor Sisters, Harper Simon, Paul Simon, and Gene Ween.
/m/0b7xl8	Emanuel \"Manny\" Azenberg is an award-winning American theatre producer and general manager whose professional relationship with playwright Neil Simon spans thirty-three years.
/m/0mwk9	Lycoming County is a county located in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. As of the 2010 census, the population was 116,111. Its county seat is Williamsport.\nLocated about 130 miles northwest of Philadelphia and 165 miles east-northeast of Pittsburgh, Lycoming County is the largest county in Pennsylvania in area. It is included in the Williamsport, Pennsylvania, Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/016vn3	The Cars are an American rock band that emerged from the new wave scene in the late 1970s. The band originated in Boston, Massachusetts, with lead singer and rhythm guitarist Ric Ocasek, lead singer and bassist Benjamin Orr, lead guitarist Elliot Easton, keyboardist Greg Hawkes and drummer David Robinson. They were signed to Elektra Records by George Daly, then A&R head, in 1977.\nThe Cars were at the forefront in merging 1970s guitar-oriented rock with the new synth-oriented pop that was then becoming popular and which would flourish in the early 1980s. The Cars started fresh with their debut album The Cars which went on to go platinum in late 1978. The Cars' debut album was called a \"genuine rock masterpiece\" by Allmusic. The most successful and well known song from the album, \"Just What I Needed\", started as a demo in 1977. The song was sent as a mix tape to a local DJ in the Boston area, who played the song in heavy rotation. This soon caught the attention of other DJs, which led to the signing of the band by Elektra Records in 1977.\nThe band broke up in 1988, and Ocasek had always discouraged talk of a reunion since then, telling one interviewer in 1997 \"I'm saying never and you can count on that.\" Bassist Benjamin Orr died in 2000 from pancreatic cancer. In 2005, Easton and Hawkes joined with Todd Rundgren to form a spin-off band, The New Cars, which performed classic Cars and Rundgren songs alongside new material. The surviving original members reunited in 2010 to record a new album, titled Move Like This, which was released May 10, 2011, and a tour to start on the same day.
/m/02x_y	The Fields Medal, officially known as International Medal for Outstanding Discoveries in Mathematics, is a prize awarded to two, three, or four mathematicians not over 40 years of age at each International Congress of the International Mathematical Union, a meeting that takes place every four years. The Fields Medal is often viewed as the greatest honour a mathematician can receive. The Fields Medal and the Abel Prize have often been described as the \"mathematician's Nobel Prize\".\nThe prize comes with a monetary award, which since 2006 is $15,000. The colloquial name is in honour of Canadian mathematician John Charles Fields. Fields was instrumental in establishing the award, designing the medal itself, and funding the monetary component.\nThe medal was first awarded in 1936 to Finnish mathematician Lars Ahlfors and American mathematician Jesse Douglas, and it has been awarded every four years since 1950. Its purpose is to give recognition and support to younger mathematical researchers who have made major contributions. No woman has won a Fields Medal. The average Erdős number of Fields Medalists is 3.21, with a standard deviation of 0.87 and a median of 3.
/m/014y6	Anthony Stewart Head is an English actor and musician. He rose to fame in the UK following his role in the Gold Blend couple television advertisements for Nescafé Gold Blend, and is known for his roles as Rupert Giles in Buffy the Vampire Slayer and as Uther Pendragon in Merlin.
/m/01gvr1	Cicely L. Tyson is an American actress. Tyson was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress, and the Golden Globe Award for her performance as Rebecca Morgan in Sounder. For this role she also won the NSFC Best Actress and NBR Best Actress Awards. She starred in The Autobiography of Miss Jane Pittman, for which she won two Emmy Awards and was nominated for a BAFTA Award.\nThroughout her career she has been nominated for nine Primetime Emmy Awards, winning three. In 2011 she appeared in the feature film version of The Help, for which she received awards for her ensemble work as Constantine from the BFCA and SAG Awards and she has an additional three SAG Award nominations. She starred on Broadway in The Trip to Bountiful as Carrie Watts, for which she won the Tony Award, Outer Critics Award, and Drama Desk Award for Best Actress in a Play. She previously received a Drama Desk Award in 1962 for her Off-Broadway performance in Moon on a Rainbow Shawl.
/m/04gmlt	DreamWorks Records was an American record label. Founded in 1996 by David Geffen, Steven Spielberg and Jeffrey Katzenberg as a subsidiary of DreamWorks SKG, the label operated until 2005 when it was sold to Universal Music Group. The label itself also featured a Nashville, Tennessee-based subsidiary, DreamWorks Nashville, which specialized in country music and was shut down in 2005. The company's logo was designed by Roy Lichtenstein and was his last commission before his death in 1997.
/m/0bmh4	Dame Elizabeth Rosemond \"Liz\" Taylor, DBE was a British-American actress. From her early years as a child star with MGM, she became one of the great screen actresses of Hollywood's Golden Age. As one of the world's most famous film stars, Taylor was recognized for her acting ability and for her glamorous lifestyle, beauty, and distinctive violet eyes.\nNational Velvet was Taylor's first success, and she starred in Father of the Bride, A Place in the Sun, Giant, Cat on a Hot Tin Roof, and Suddenly, Last Summer. She won the Academy Award for Best Actress for BUtterfield 8, played the title role in Cleopatra, and married her costar Richard Burton. They appeared together in 11 films, including Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?, for which Taylor won a second Academy Award. From the mid-1970s, she appeared less frequently in film, and made occasional appearances in television and theatre.\nHer much-publicized personal life included eight marriages and several life-threatening illnesses. From the mid-1980s, Taylor championed HIV and AIDS programs; she co-founded the American Foundation for AIDS Research in 1985, and the Elizabeth Taylor AIDS Foundation in 1993. She received the Presidential Citizens Medal, the Legion of Honour, the Jean Hersholt Humanitarian Award and a Life Achievement Award from the American Film Institute, who named her seventh on their list of the \"Greatest American Screen Legends\". Taylor died of congestive heart failure in March 2011 at the age of 79, having suffered many years of ill health.
/m/01p7b6b	Ralph Burns was an American songwriter, bandleader, composer, conductor, arranger and bebop pianist.
/m/01x96	Concord is the capital city of the state of New Hampshire in the United States. It is also the county seat of Merrimack County. As of the 2010 census, its population was 42,695.\nConcord includes the villages of Penacook, East Concord and West Concord. The city is home to the University of New Hampshire School of Law, New Hampshire's only law school; St. Paul's School, a private preparatory school; New Hampshire Technical Institute, a two-year community college; and the Granite State Symphony Orchestra.
/m/01rgdw	Appalachian State University is a comprehensive, public, coeducational university located in Boone, North Carolina, United States.\nAppalachian State was founded as a teacher's college in 1899 by brothers B.B. and D.D. Dougherty. It expanded to include other programs in 1967, and joined the University of North Carolina system in 1971. It is the sixth largest institution in the system with about 15,000 undergraduate and 2,000 graduate students. 103 undergraduate and 49 graduate majors are offered, as well as a doctoral degree in educational leadership.\nThe university has been ranked among the top 10 Southern Master's Universities since the U.S. News and World Report's America's Best Colleges Guide began publication in 1986.
/m/0myhb	Warren County is a suburban county located in the state of Ohio, United States. According to the 2010 census, it has a population of 212,693, which is an increase of 34.3% from 158,383 in 2000. Its county seat is Lebanon. Warren County was erected May 1, 1803, from Hamilton County, and named for Dr. Joseph Warren, a hero of the Revolution who sent Paul Revere on his ride and who died at the Battle of Bunker Hill.\nWarren County is part of the Cincinnati–Middletown, OH-KY-IN Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/06lvlf	Channing Matthew Tatum is an American actor, film producer, dancer, and model. He is best known for his roles in the films Step Up, G.I. Joe: The Rise of Cobra, Dear John, The Vow, 21 Jump Street, and Magic Mike. He has also appeared in films such as Coach Carter, She's the Man, A Guide to Recognizing Your Saints, Fighting, The Dilemma, The Eagle, and G.I. Joe: Retaliation.
/m/02f1c	Dolly Rebecca Parton is an American singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, actress, author and philanthropist, best known for her work in country music.\nBeginning her career as a child performer, Parton issued a few modestly successful singles from 1959 through the mid-1960s, showcasing her distinctive soprano voice. She came to greater prominence in 1967 as a featured performer on singer Porter Wagoner's weekly television program; their first duet single, a cover of Tom Paxton's \"The Last Thing on My Mind\", was a top-ten hit on the country singles charts, and led to several successful albums before they ended their partnership in 1974. Moving towards mainstream pop music, Parton's 1977 single \"Here You Come Again\" was a success on both the country and pop charts. A string of pop-country hits followed into the mid-1980s, the most successful being her 1981 hit \"9 to 5\", and her 1983 duet with Kenny Rogers \"Islands in the Stream\", both of which topped the U.S. pop and country singles charts. A pair of albums recorded with Linda Ronstadt and Emmylou Harris were among her later successes. In the late 1990s, Parton returned to classic country/bluegrass with a series of acclaimed recordings.
/m/01cq1t	A listed building, in the United Kingdom, is a building that has been placed on the Statutory List of Buildings of Special Architectural or Historic Interest. It is a widely used status, applied to around half a million buildings. The statutory body maintaining the list in England is English Heritage; Cadw in Wales; Historic Scotland in Scotland; and the Northern Ireland Environment Agency in Northern Ireland.\nThe term has also been used in the Republic of Ireland, where buildings are surveyed for the National Inventory of Architectural Heritage in accordance with the country's obligations under the Granada Convention. However, the preferred term in Ireland is protected structure.\nA listed building may not be demolished, extended, or altered without special permission from the local planning authority, which typically consults the relevant central government agency, particularly for significant alterations to the more notable listed buildings. Exemption from secular listed building control is provided for some buildings in current use for worship, but only in cases where the relevant religious organisation operates its own equivalent permissions procedure. Owners of listed buildings are, in some circumstances, compelled to repair and maintain them and can face criminal prosecution if they fail to do so or if they perform unauthorised alterations. The listing procedure allows for buildings to be removed from the list if the listing is shown to be in error.
/m/066d03	Deathcore is a genre of extreme metal that combines sounds and characteristics of death metal with sounds and characteristics of metalcore. It is defined by death metal riffs, blast beats and use of metalcore breakdowns. Deathcore seems to have most prominence within the southwestern United States, especially Arizona and inland southern California, which are home to many notable bands and various festivals.
/m/017149	Edward Allen \"Ed\" Harris is an American actor, screenwriter, and director. He is best known for his performances in Pollock, Appaloosa, The Rock, The Abyss, A Beautiful Mind, A History of Violence, Enemy at the Gates, The Right Stuff, Gone Baby Gone, Radio, Paris Trout, Jackknife, Empire Falls, and Game Change. Harris has also narrated commercials for Home Depot and other companies. He is a three-time nominee of the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his performances in Apollo 13, The Truman Show, and The Hours, along with an Academy Award for Best Actor nomination for his role in Pollock.
/m/0hzc9wc	A sovereign state is a state with a defined territory on which it exercises internal and external sovereignty, a permanent population, a government, and the capacity to enter into relations with other sovereign states. It is also normally understood to be a state which is neither dependent on nor subject to any other power or state
/m/0c9c0	Sacha Noam Baron Cohen is an English stand-up comedian, writer, actor, and voice actor. A graduate of Cambridge University, Baron Cohen is most widely known for creating and playing four fictional characters: Ali G, Borat Sagdiyev, Brüno Gehard, and Admiral General Aladeen. In most of his routines, Baron Cohen's characters interact with unsuspecting people who do not realise they are being set up for comic situations and self-revealing ridicule.\nBaron Cohen was named Best Newcomer at the 1999 British Comedy Awards for The 11 O'Clock Show, and since then, his work has been further recognised with two BAFTA Awards for Da Ali G Show, several Emmy nominations, a nomination for an Academy Award for Writing Adapted Screenplay, and a Golden Globe for Best Actor for his work in the feature film Borat. After the release of Borat, Baron Cohen stated that because the public had become too familiar with the characters, he would retire Borat and Ali G. Similarly, after the release of Brüno, Baron Cohen stated he would also retire the title character. At the 2012 British Comedy Awards, he received the Outstanding Achievement Award, accepting the award while reprising his Ali G character. In 2013, he received the BAFTA Charlie Chaplin Britannia Award for Excellence in Comedy.
/m/023v4_	Milena Markovna \"Mila\" Kunis is an American actress.\nIn 1991, at the age of seven, she moved from the Soviet Union to Los Angeles with her family. After being enrolled in acting classes as an after-school activity, she was soon discovered by an agent. She appeared in several television series and commercials, before acquiring her first significant role prior to her 15th birthday, playing Jackie Burkhart on the television series That '70s Show. In September 1999, she began voicing Meg Griffin on the animated series Family Guy.\nHer breakout film role came in 2008, playing Rachel Jansen in Forgetting Sarah Marshall. Subsequent film roles included Mona Sax in Max Payne, Solara in The Book of Eli, Jamie in Friends with Benefits, Lori in the comedy Ted, and Theodora in Oz the Great and Powerful. Her performance as Lily in Black Swan gained her worldwide accolades, including receiving the Premio Marcello Mastroianni for Best Young Actor or Actress at the 67th Venice International Film Festival, and nominations for a Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress and a Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Supporting Role.
/m/092868	The 6th Annual Latin Grammy Awards were held in Los Angeles at the Shrine Auditorium on Thursday, November 3, 2005. It was the first ceremony to be broadcast by Univision in the United States. Ivan Lins was the big winner winning two awards including Album of the Year. He is the first and only Brazilian and Portuguese language artist to win Album of the Year to date. Alejandro Sanz was honored with Record of the Year and Song of the Year. Juanes won three awards including Best Rock Solo Vocal Album.
/m/06tw8	Sudan, officially the Republic of the Sudan is an Arab state in the Nile Valley of North Africa, bordered by Egypt to the north, the Red Sea, Eritrea and Ethiopia to the east, South Sudan to the south, the Central African Republic to the southwest, Chad to the west and Libya to the northwest. The Nile River divides the country into eastern and western halves. Its predominant religion is Islam. Almost one-fifth of Sudan's population lives below the international poverty line which means living on less than US $1.25 per day.\nSudan was the largest country in Africa and the Arab world until 2011, when South Sudan separated into an independent country, following an independence referendum. Sudan is now the third largest country in Africa and also the third largest country in the Arab world.\nSudan is a member of the United Nations, the African Union, the Arab League, the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation, and the Non-Aligned Movement; as well as an observer in the World Trade Organization. Its capital is Khartoum, the political, cultural and commercial centre of the nation. It is a federal presidential representative democratic republic. The politics of Sudan is regulated by a parliamentary organization called the National Assembly. The Sudanese legal system is based on Islamic law.
/m/0mwx6	Cambria County is a county located in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2010 census, the population was 143,679. Its county seat is Ebensburg.\nCambria County was created on March 26, 1804, from parts of Bedford, Huntingdon, and Somerset counties and was named for the nation of Wales. It comprises the Johnstown, Pennsylvania, Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/059m45	James Patrick \"Jamey\" Sheridan is an American actor. He was born in Pasadena, California.
/m/05vw7	Plymouth is a city and unitary authority area on the south coast of Devon, England, about 190 miles south-west of London. It is situated between the mouths of the rivers Plym to the east and Tamar to the west, where they join Plymouth Sound. Since 1967, the City of Plymouth has included the suburbs of Plympton and Plymstock, which are situated on the east side of the River Plym.\nPlymouth's history goes back to the Bronze Age, when its first settlement grew at Mount Batten. This settlement continued to grow as a trading post for the Roman Empire, until the more prosperous village of Sutton, the current Plymouth, surpassed it. In 1620, the Pilgrim Fathers left Plymouth for the New World and established Plymouth Colony – the second English settlement in what is now the United States of America. During the English Civil War the town was held by the Parliamentarians and was besieged between 1642 and 1646.\nThroughout the Industrial Revolution, Plymouth grew as a commercial shipping port, handling imports and passengers from the Americas, while the neighbouring town of Devonport grew as an important Royal Naval shipbuilding and dockyard town. In 1914 the three neighbouring and independent towns, viz., the county borough of Plymouth, the county borough of Devonport, and the urban district of East Stonehouse were merged to form a single County Borough. The new, merged town took the name of Plymouth which, in 1928, achieved city status. The city's naval importance later led to its targeting and partial destruction during World War II, an act known as the Plymouth Blitz. After the war the city centre was completely rebuilt.
/m/01k8vh	The Charlotte Bobcats are a professional basketball team based in Charlotte, North Carolina. They play in the Southeast Division of the Eastern Conference in the National Basketball Association. The Bobcats were established in 2004 as an expansion team, two seasons after Charlotte's previous NBA team, the Charlotte Hornets, relocated to New Orleans. The team is owned by former NBA player Michael Jordan, who acquired the team in 2010. The Bobcats play their home games at Time Warner Cable Arena in center city Charlotte. As of the end of the 2012–13 season, the Bobcats have compiled a record of 250–476. In their 10-year history as the Bobcats, they have qualified for the postseason just once, which was during the 2009–10 season when they achieved a franchise-best record of 44–38.\nThe team will be renamed the Charlotte Hornets for the 2014–15 NBA season after the New Orleans franchise's 2013 relinquishment of the Hornets name.
/m/01cyjx	Fairuza Balk is an American film actress. She made her theatrical film debut as Dorothy Gale in Disney's Return to Oz. Balk also made appearances in Valmont, The Craft, The Island of Dr. Moreau, American History X, The Waterboy, and Personal Velocity: Three Portraits.
/m/02qflgv	Joanne Froggatt is an English actress of stage, television, and film, most notably appearing in Downton Abbey as Anna, Lady's Maid to Lady Mary Crawley. She earlier had a regular role in Coronation Street and has also appeared in many other television dramas including Bad Girls, dinnerladies, Nature Boy, Red Cap, A Touch of Frost, Other People's Children, The Street, Rebus, Island at War, and Life on Mars.
/m/01_9c1	In American football and Canadian football, defensive backs are the players on the defensive team who take positions somewhat back from the line of scrimmage; they are distinguished from the defensive line players and linebackers, who take positions directly behind or close to the line of scrimmage.\nThe defensive backs, in turn, generally are classified into several different specialized positions:\nSafety:\nFree Safety - most often the deepest safety\nStrong Safety - the bigger more physical safety, much like a small, quicker linebacker\nDefensive halfback\nCornerback - which include:\nnickel back - the fifth defensive back in some sets, like the Nickel formation\ndime back - the sixth defensive back in some sets, like the Dime formation\nThe seventh defensive back, in the exceedingly rare 'quarter' set\nknown as a dollar back or a quarter back\nThe group of defensive backs is known collectively as the secondary. They most often defend the wide receiver corps; however, at times they may also line up against a tight end or a split out running back. They are usually the smallest, quickest players on the field.
/m/0d9v9q	Jonathan Ronald James Forte is an English footballer who plays as a striker for Southampton. Born in Sheffield, he has also represented Barbados at international level. Forte's first professional contract came with his home town club Sheffield United before a move to Scunthorpe United in 2007. After four years he then signed for Southampton in 2011. During his career Forte has also spent time on loan at Doncaster Rovers, Rotherham United, Notts County, Preston North End and Crawley Town.
/m/016khd	William McChord Hurt is an American stage and film actor. He received his acting training at the Juilliard School, and began acting on stage in the 1970s. Hurt made his film debut as a troubled scientist in the science-fiction feature Altered States, for which he received a Golden Globe nomination for New Star of the Year. He subsequently played a leading role, as a lawyer who succumbs to the temptations of Kathleen Turner, in the well-received neo noir Body Heat.\nIn 1985, Hurt garnered substantial critical acclaim and multiple acting awards, including an Academy Award and a BAFTA Award for Best Actor, for portraying an effeminate gay man in Kiss of the Spider Woman. He received another two Academy Award nominations for his lead performances in Children of a Lesser God and Broadcast News. Hurt remained an active stage actor throughout the 1980s, appearing in Off-Broadway productions, including Henry V, Fifth of July, Richard II, and A Midsummer Night's Dream. Hurt received his first Tony Award nomination in 1985 for the Broadway production of Hurlyburly.\nAfter playing a diversity of character roles in the following decade, Hurt earned his fourth Academy Award nomination for his supporting performance in David Cronenberg's crime thriller A History of Violence. Other notable films in recent years have included A.I. Artificial Intelligence, The Village, Syriana, The Good Shepherd, Mr. Brooks, Into the Wild, The Incredible Hulk, and Robin Hood.
/m/059rby	New York is a state in the Northeastern and Mid-Atlantic regions of the United States. New York is the 27th-most extensive, the third-most populous, and the seventh-most densely populated of the 50 United States. New York is bordered by New Jersey and Pennsylvania to the south and by Connecticut, Massachusetts, and Vermont to the east. The state has a maritime border with Rhode Island east of Long Island, as well as an international border with the Canadian provinces of Ontario to the west and north, and Quebec to the north. The state of New York is often referred to as New York State, so as to distinguish it from New York City.\nNew York City, with a Census-estimated population of over 8.3 million in 2012, is the most populous city in the United States. Alone, it makes up over 40 percent of the population of New York State. It is known for its status as a center for finance and culture and for its status as the largest gateway for immigration to the United States. New York City attracts considerably more foreign visitors than any other US city. Both the state and city were named for the 17th century Duke of York, future King James II of England.\nNew York was inhabited by various tribes of Algonquian and Iroquoian speaking Native Americans at the time Dutch settlers moved into the region in the early 17th century. In 1609, the region was first claimed by Henry Hudson for the Dutch. Fort Nassau was built near the site of the present-day capital of Albany in 1614. The Dutch soon also settled New Amsterdam and parts of the Hudson River Valley, establishing the colony of New Netherland. The British took over the colony by annexation in 1664.
/m/07l4z	The Toronto Blue Jays are a professional baseball team located in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. The Blue Jays are a member of the Eastern Division of Major League Baseball's American League.\nThe \"Blue Jays\" name originates from the bird of the same name, and the fact that blue is the traditional colour of Toronto's other professional sports teams, the Maple Leafs and the Argonauts; in addition, the team was originally owned by the Labatt Brewing Company, makers of the popular beer Labatt's Blue. Nicknamed \"the Jays\", the team's official colours are royal blue, navy blue, white, and red. An expansion franchise, the club was founded in Toronto in 1977. Originally based at Exhibition Stadium, the team began playing its home games at the SkyDome, upon its opening in 1989. Since 2000, the Blue Jays have been owned by Rogers Communications, and in 2004, the SkyDome was purchased by that company, which renamed the venue Rogers Centre. They are the second MLB team to be based outside the United States, and currently the only team outside the U.S. after fellow Canadian franchise, the Montreal Expos, relocated to Washington, D.C. after the 2004 season.
/m/01j950	A crown prince or crown princess is the heir or heiress apparent to the throne in a royal or imperial monarchy. The wife of a crown prince is also titled crown princess.\nThe term is now borne as a title mainly in Asia, Scandinavia, and the Middle East; but it may also be used generically to refer to the person or position of the heir apparent in other kingdoms. However, heirs apparent to non-imperial and non-royal monarchies, crown prince is not used as a title, although it is sometimes used as a synonym for heir apparent.\nIn Europe, where primogeniture governs succession to all monarchies except those of the Papacy and Andorra, the eldest son or eldest child of the current monarch fills the role of crown prince or princess, depending upon whether females of the dynasty enjoy personal succession rights. The eldest living child of a monarch is sometimes not the heir apparent or crown prince, because that position can be held by a descendant of a deceased older child who, by \"right of representation\", inherits the same place in the line of succession that would be held by the ancestor if he or she were still living.
/m/040vgd	The Habsburg Monarchy or Empire is an unofficial appellation among historians for the countries and provinces which were ruled by the junior Austrian branch of the House of Habsburg until 1780, and then by the successor branch of Habsburg-Lorraine until 1918. The Monarchy was a composite state composed of territories within and outside the Holy Roman Empire, united only in the person of the monarch. The dynastic capital was Vienna, except from 1583 to 1611, when it was moved to Prague. From 1804 to 1867 the Habsburg Monarchy was formally unified as the Austrian Empire, and from 1867 to 1918 as the Austro-Hungarian Empire.\nThe head of the House of Habsburg was often elected Holy Roman Emperor until the Empire's dissolution in 1806. The two entities were never coterminous, as the Habsburg Monarchy covered many lands beyond the Holy Roman Empire, and most of the Empire was ruled by other dynasties. The Habsburg Monarchy did not usually include all the territories ruled by the Habsburgs. The senior branch ruled Spain until 1700, but it is not usually included in the definition of \"Habsburg Monarchy\" after the reign of Charles V, who divided the dynasty between its Austrian and Spanish branches upon his abdication in 1556.
/m/04mz10g	Sam Trammell is an American actor. He is known for his role as Sam Merlotte on the HBO vampire series True Blood, which saw him nominated for a 2010 Scream Award for Best Supporting Actor.
/m/0bkv0	Kassel is a town located on the Fulda River in northern Hesse, Germany. It is the administrative seat of the Regierungsbezirk Kassel and the Kreis of the same name and has approximately 195,000 inhabitants. The former capital of the state Hesse-Kassel has many palaces and parks, one of them the Bergpark Wilhelmshöhe which is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. Kassel is also known for the documenta exhibitions of contemporary art.
/m/02f8zw	The University of Buenos Aires is the largest university in Argentina and the second largest university by enrollment in Latin America. Founded on August 12, 1821 in the city of Buenos Aires, it consists of 13 departments, 6 hospitals, 10 museums and is linked to 4 high schools: Colegio Nacional de Buenos Aires, Escuela Superior de Comercio Carlos Pellegrini, Instituto Libre de Segunda Enseñanza and Escuela de Educación Técnica Profesional en Producción Agropecuaria y Agroalimentaria.\nEntry to any of the available programmes of study in the university is open to anyone with a secondary school degree; in most cases, students who have successfully completed high school must pass a first year called CBC, which stands for Ciclo Básico Común. Only upon completion of this first year may the student enter the chosen school; until then, they must attend courses in different buildings, and have up to 3 years to finish the 6 or 7 subjects assigned in two groups of 3 or 4. Each subject is of one semester duration. If someone passes all 6 subjects in their respective semester, the CBC will take only one year. Potential students of economics, instead, take a 2-year common cycle, the \"CBG\", comprising 12 subjects.
/m/01w2v	Cairo is the capital of Egypt and the largest city in the Middle-East and Africa. Its metropolitan area is the 16th largest in the world. Located near the Nile Delta, it was founded in CE 969. Nicknamed \"the city of a thousand minarets\" for its preponderance of Islamic architecture, Cairo has long been a center of the region's political and cultural life. Cairo was founded by the Fatimid dynasty in the 10th century CE, but the land composing the present-day city was the site of national capitals whose remnants remain visible in parts of Old Cairo. Cairo is also associated with Ancient Egypt as it is close to the ancient cities of Memphis, Giza and Fustat which are near the Great Sphinx and the pyramids of Giza.\nEgyptians today often refer to Cairo as Maṣr, the Egyptian Arabic pronunciation of the name for Egypt itself, emphasizing the city's continued role in Egyptian influence. Its official name is القاهرة al-Qāhirah, means literally \"the Vanquisher\" or \"the Conqueror\", sometimes it is informally also referred to as كايرو Kayro. It is also called Umm al-Dunya, meaning \"the mother of the world\".\nCairo has the oldest and largest film and music industries in the Arab world, as well as the world's second-oldest institution of higher learning, al-Azhar University. Many international media, businesses, and organizations have regional headquarters in the city; the Arab League has had its headquarters in Cairo for most of its existence.
/m/01fl3	The Beach Boys are an American rock band, formed in Hawthorne, California in 1961. The group's original lineup consisted of brothers Brian, Dennis and Carl Wilson, their cousin Mike Love, and friend Al Jardine. Initially managed by the Wilsons' father Murry, the Beach Boys signed to Capitol Records in 1962. The band's early music gained popularity across the United States for its close vocal harmonies and lyrics reflecting a Southern California youth culture of surfing, cars, and romance. During the early to mid-1960s, Brian Wilson's growing creative ambition and songwriting ability would dominate the group's musical direction. The primarily Wilson-composed Pet Sounds album and \"Good Vibrations\" single featured a complex, intricate and multi-layered sound that represented a departure from the simple surf rock of the Beach Boys' early years.\nStarting in 1967, Wilson gradually ceded control to the rest of the band, assuming a reduced level of input due to mental health and substance abuse issues. Though the more democratic incarnation of the Beach Boys recorded a string of albums in various musical styles that garnered international critical success, the group struggled to reclaim their commercial momentum in America despite once being seen as the primary competitors to the Beatles. Since the 1980s, there has been much publicized legal-wrangling over royalties, songwriting credits, and use of the band's name. Dennis Wilson drowned in 1983, and Carl died of lung cancer in 1998. After Carl's death, a number of versions of the band, each fronted by surviving members from the original quintet, continued to tour into the 2000s. For the band's 50th anniversary, they briefly reunited as the Beach Boys for a new studio album, world tour, and career-spanning retrospective box set.
/m/0dwly	Children's literature or juvenile literature includes stories, books, and poems that are enjoyed by children. Modern children's literature is classified in two different ways: genre or the intended age of the reader.\nChildren's literature can be traced to stories and songs, part of a wider oral tradition, that adults shared with children before publishing existed. The development of early children's literature, before printing was invented, is difficult to trace. Even after printing became widespread, many classic \"children's\" tales were originally created for adults and later adapted for a younger audience. Since the 1400s, a large quantity of literature, often with a moral or religious message, has been aimed specifically at children. The late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries became known as the \"Golden Age of Children's Literature\" as this period included the publication of many books acknowledged today as classics.
/m/01nh5h	Invercargill is the southernmost and westernmost city in New Zealand, and one of the southernmost cities in the world. It is the commercial centre of the Southland region. It lies in the heart of the wide expanse of the Southland Plains on the Oreti or New River some 18 km north of Bluff, which is the southernmost town in the South Island. It sits amid rich farmland that is bordered by large areas of conservation land and marine reserves, including Fiordland National Park covering the south-west corner of the South Island, and the Catlins coastal region.\nMany streets in the city, especially in the centre and main shopping district, are named after rivers in Great Britain, mainly Scotland. These include the main streets Dee and Tay, as well as those named after the Forth, Tyne, Esk, Don, Thames, Mersey, Ness, Yarrow, Spey, and Eye rivers.\nThe estimated population of Invercargill City in 2011 was 53,000. The 2006 census total was 50,328 people, an increase of 498 people since the 2001 census.
/m/01nln	Cameroon, officially the Republic of Cameroon, is a country in the west Central Africa region. It is bordered by Nigeria to the west; Chad to the northeast; the Central African Republic to the east; and Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, and the Republic of the Congo to the south. Cameroon's coastline lies on the Bight of Bonny, part of the Gulf of Guinea and the Atlantic Ocean. The country is often referred to as \"Africa in miniature\" for its geological and cultural diversity. Natural features include beaches, deserts, mountains, rainforests, and savannas. The highest point is Mount Cameroon in the southwest, and the largest cities are Douala, Yaoundé and Garoua. Cameroon is home to over 200 different linguistic groups. The country is well known for its native styles of music, particularly makossa and bikutsi, and for its successful national football team. French and English are the official languages.\nEarly inhabitants of the territory included the Sao civilisation around Lake Chad and the Baka hunter-gatherers in the southeastern rainforest. Portuguese explorers reached the coast in the 15th century and named the area Rio dos Camarões, which became Cameroon in English. Fulani soldiers founded the Adamawa Emirate in the north in the 19th century, and various ethnic groups of the west and northwest established powerful chiefdoms and fondoms. Cameroon became a German colony in 1884 known as 'Kamerun\".
/m/048vhl	Daredevil is a 2003 American superhero film written and directed by Mark Steven Johnson. Based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name, the film stars Ben Affleck as Matt Murdock, a blind lawyer who fights for justice in the courtroom and out of the courtroom as the masked vigilante Daredevil. Jennifer Garner plays his love interest Elektra Natchios; Colin Farrell plays the merciless assassin Bullseye; David Keith plays Jack \"The Devil\" Murdock, a washed up fighter who is Matt's father; and Michael Clarke Duncan plays Wilson Fisk, also known as the crime lord Kingpin.\nThe film began development in 1997 at 20th Century Fox and Columbia Pictures, before New Regency acquired the rights in 2000. Johnson chose to shoot the film primarily in Downtown Los Angeles despite the Hell's Kitchen, Manhattan setting of the film and the comics. Rhythm and Hues Studios were hired to handle the film's CGI needs. Graeme Revell composed the Daredevil score which was released on CD in March 2003, whereas the various artists soundtrack album, Daredevil: The Album, was released in February.\nReviews of the film were generally mixed, praising Ben Affleck's performance but criticizing the action sequences. The film still enjoyed a profitable theatrical run and became February's second biggest release: it was successful enough to allow a spin-off film, Elektra, which was released in 2005. In 2004, an R-rated director's cut of Daredevil was released, incorporating approximately thirty minutes back into the film, including an entire sub-plot involving a character played by Coolio. The director's cut was intended as an improvement over the theatrical version.
/m/0z9c	A cappella music is specifically group, or solo, singing without instrumental sound, or a piece intended to be performed in this way. It contrasts with cantata, which is accompanied singing. A cappella was originally intended to differentiate between Renaissance polyphony and Baroque concertato style. In the 19th century a renewed interest in Renaissance polyphony coupled with an ignorance of the fact that vocal parts were often doubled by instrumentalists led to the term coming to mean unaccompanied vocal music.\nAn increased interest in a cappella music is evident with recent TV shows like The Sing Off and movies such as Pitch Perfect. Many a cappella groups are located in high schools and colleges, and there are amateur Barbershop Harmony Society and professional groups that sing a cappella exclusively. Although a cappella is technically defined as singing without instrumental accompaniment, some groups use their voices to emulate instruments; others are more traditional and focus on harmonizing. A cappella styles range from gospel music to contemporary to barbershop quartets and choruses.
/m/0621cs	Garage punk, also called killer rock, is a fusion of garage rock and modern punk rock. It is music characterized by a dirty, choppy guitar sound— lyrics dealing with bad taste and rebelliousness, usually played by bands who are on independent record labels or who are unsigned. Garage punk bands often distance themselves from hardcore and political punk bands.
/m/025zzc	The action game is a video game genre that emphasizes physical challenges, including hand–eye coordination and reaction-time. The genre includes diverse subgenres such as fighting games, shooter games, and platform games, which are widely considered the most important action games, though some real-time strategy games are also considered to be action games.\nIn an action game, the player typically controls the avatar of a protagonist. The avatar must navigate a level, collecting objects, avoiding obstacles, and battling enemies with various attacks. At the end of a level or group of levels, the player must often defeat a large boss enemy that is larger and more challenging than other enemies. Enemy attacks and obstacles deplete the avatar's health and lives, and the game is over when the player runs out of lives. Alternatively, the player wins the game by finishing a sequence of levels. But many action games are unbeatable and have an indefinite number of levels, and the player's only goal is to maximize their score by collecting objects and defeating enemies.
/m/03yrkt	Brittany Anne Snow is an American television and film actress and singer. She began her career as Susan \"Daisy\" Lemay on the CBS series Guiding Light for which she won a Young Artist Award for Best Young Actress and was nominated for two other Young Artist Awards and a Soap Opera Digest Award. She then played the protagonist Meg Pryor on the NBC series American Dreams for which she was nominated for a Young Artist Award and three Teen Choice Awards.\nHer subsequent television roles have included Ariel Alderman on Nip/Tuck and Jenna Backstrom on Harry's Law. Her film roles include Zoe Plummer in The Pacifier, Kate Spencer in John Tucker Must Die, Amber Von Tussle in Hairspray, Donna Keppel in Prom Night, Emma Gainsborough in The Vicious Kind, and Chloe Beale in Pitch Perfect.
/m/01vw26l	O'Shea\nJackson (born June 15, 1969) better known by his stage name, Ice Cube,\nis an American rapper, actor and film director. Regarded as one of the\ngreatest hip hop artists, he began his career as a founding member of\nthe famously controversial rap group N.W.A., and later launched a\nsuccessful solo career in music and cinema. In 1992, he married Kim\nJackson, with whom he has four children . Later, in 1992, he converted\nto Islam. From the mid-1990s onwards, Cube focused on acting, and his\nmusical output has slowed down considerably. He remains one of the most\nvisible West Coast rappers, having helped originate gangsta rap. He is\nparticularly well-known for his incendiary raps on political and racial\ntopics, particularly the treatment of blacks in the United States. Ice\nCube was born as O'Shea Jackson to Doris Benjamin, a hospital clerk,\nand Andrew Jackson, a machinist and grounds keeper, both of whom came\nfrom the South and later worked at UCLA. He was raised in South Central\nLos... ...This description was automatically generated from the Wikipedia article\n  \"Ice Cube\"\n  licensed under the   GNU Free Documentation License.\nFrom the \"First Sunday\" Production Notes     As head of the production company Cube Vision, ICE CUBE (Durell Washington) has written, produced, and starred in the cult hit Friday and its successful sequels, Next Friday and Friday After Next. Cube Vision was also responsible for The Players Club, in which Cube made his directorial debut. He also starred in and executive produced the back-to-back box office hits Barbershop and Barbershop 2: Back in Business. In Are We Done Yet?, Cube again starred as Nick Persons, a role he created in Revolution Studios' sleeper-hit family comedy Are We There Yet?, which he also produced through Cube Vision.     His other film credits include the critically acclaimed Three Kings, opposite George Clooney and Mark Wahlberg, Trespass and Higher Learning. Cube made his feature film debut in John Singleton’s classic Boyz n the Hood.     Cube continues to be one of the most recognized hip-hop artists in the recording industry. His thriving music career includes the double-platinum success of Volumes 1 and 2 of his double album, “War and Peace.” As a solo artist, Cube has recorded such hit albums as “Lethal Injection,” “Bootlegs  B-Sides,” “The Predator,” and “Amerikkka’s Most Wanted.” His collaborative effort with Mack-10 and WC formed the group Westside Connection, whose second album, “Terrorist Threats,” was released in December 2003 and marks the follow-up effort to their 1996 double-platinum seller, “Bow Down.” A collection of Ice Cube’s greatest hits, featuring two new songs, was released by Priority Records in December 2001.
/m/0bmhn	On the Waterfront is a 1954 American crime drama film about union violence and corruption among longshoremen. The film was directed by Elia Kazan and written by Budd Schulberg. It stars Marlon Brando. and features Karl Malden, Lee J. Cobb, Rod Steiger, and, in her film debut, Eva Marie Saint. The soundtrack score was composed by Leonard Bernstein. It is based on \"Crime on the Waterfront\", a series of articles in the New York Sun by Malcolm Johnson. The series won the 1949 Pulitzer Prize for Local Reporting. The stories detailed widespread corruption, extortion and racketeering on the waterfronts of Manhattan and Brooklyn.\nOn the Waterfront was a huge critical and commercial success and received 12 Academy Award nominations, winning eight, including Best Picture, Best Actor for Brando, Best Supporting Actress for Saint, and Best Director for Kazan. In 1997 it was ranked by the American Film Institute as the eighth greatest American movie of all time. It is Leonard Bernstein's only original film score not adapted from a stage production with songs.
/m/054y8	Mainz is the capital of the state of Rhineland-Palatinate in Germany. It was the capital of the Electorate of Mainz at the time of the Holy Roman Empire. In antiquity Mainz was a Roman fort city which commanded the west bank of the Rhine and formed part of the northernmost frontier of the Roman Empire; it was founded as a military post by the Romans in the late 1st century BC and became the provincial capital of Germania Superior. The city is located on the river Rhine at its confluence with the Main opposite Wiesbaden, in the western part of the Frankfurt Rhine-Main; in the modern age, Frankfurt shares much of its regional importance.\nThe city is famous as the home of the invention of the movable-type printing press, as the first books printed using movable type were manufactured in Mainz by Gutenberg in the early 1450s. Until the twentieth century, Mainz was usually referred to in English as Mayence.
/m/0kv36	Imperial County is a county located in the Imperial Valley, in the far southeast of the U.S. state of California, bordering both Arizona and Mexico. It is part of the El Centro Metropolitan Area, which encompasses all of Imperial County. The population as of 2010 was 174,528. The county seat is the city of El Centro. Established in 1907, it was the last county to be established in California. Imperial County is also part of the Southern California border region, also referred to as San Diego-Imperial, the smallest but most economically diverse region in the state.\nAlthough this region is a desert, with high temperatures and low average rainfall of three inches per year, the economy is heavily based on agriculture due to irrigation, supplied wholly from the Colorado River via the All-American Canal.\nThe Imperial Valley is a melting pot of European American and Hispanic cultures. On the American side, the majority of residents are of Mexican American heritage, while the Mexican side was greatly influenced by American culture for many decades. The entire valley is a multi-racial mixture of European Americans, East Asian Americans, South Asian Americans, some African Americans and Native Americans.
/m/0c73z	Franz Peter Schubert was an Austrian composer.\nIn a short lifespan of less than 32 years, Schubert was a prolific composer, writing some 600 Lieder, ten complete or nearly complete symphonies, liturgical music, operas, incidental music and a large body of chamber and solo piano music. Appreciation of his music while he was alive was limited to a relatively small circle of admirers in Vienna, but interest in his work increased significantly in the decades immediately after his death. Felix Mendelssohn, Robert Schumann, Franz Liszt, Johannes Brahms and other 19th-century composers discovered and championed his works. Today, Schubert is ranked among the greatest composers of the early Romantic era and, as such, is one of the most frequently performed composers of the early nineteenth century.
/m/01tntf	Saint Mary's College of California is a private, coeducational college located in Moraga, California, United States, a small suburban community about 10 miles east of Oakland and 20 miles east of San Francisco. It has a 420-acre campus in the Moraga hills. It is affiliated with the Roman Catholic Church and administered by the De La Salle Christian Brothers. It is known for its liberal arts education, including its Great Books and Seminar programs, its business program, which in recent years has become the college's most popular program, as well as the nursing program, partnered with Samuel Merritt University, whose campus is in Oakland, and the school of education. Recently, the college has received national attention for its men's basketball program. Academically, Saint Mary's was ranked the 12th best college in the West by U.S. News & World Report in 2011 and among the top 20 master's colleges by Forbes.\nThe college's official literature states that Saint Mary's mission is guided by three traditions: Catholic, Lasallian and Liberal Arts.
/m/06gh0t	Joseph Jason Namakaeha Momoa is an American actor and model. He is known for his television roles as Ronon Dex on the military science fiction television series Stargate: Atlantis and as Khal Drogo in the HBO medieval fantasy television series Game of Thrones. He also starred as the title character in the sword and sorcery film Conan the Barbarian.
/m/0mwxz	Bucks County is located in the U.S. state of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and is part of the Delaware Valley area. As of the 2010 census, the population was 625,249, which makes Bucks the fourth most populous county in Pennsylvania, and the 95th most populous county in the United States. The county seat is Doylestown. Bucks County is named after the English county of Buckinghamshire.
/m/03tk6z	The Grammy Award for Best Traditional Pop Vocal Album is an award presented to recording artists at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to \"honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position\".\nThe award has been presented every year since 1992, though the award has had two name changes throughout its history. In 1992 the award was known as Best Traditional Pop Performance, from 1993 to 2000 the award was known as Best Traditional Pop Vocal Performance, and since 2001 it has been awarded as Best Traditional Pop Vocal Album. Apart from the first year it was presented, the award has been designated for \"albums containing 51% or more playing time of vocal tracks\", with \"traditional\" referring to the \"composition, vocal styling, and the instrumental arrangement\" of the body of music known as the Great American Songbook.\nThe 1992 award was presented to Natalie Cole for the \"spliced-together\" duet of her and her father, Nat King Cole, performing his original recording of \"Unforgettable\". This is the only instance in which the traditional pop award was awarded for a song, as opposed to an album. Prior to 2001, the Grammy was presented to the performing artists only; since then the award has been given to the performing artists, the engineers/mixers, as well as the producers.
/m/0c34mt	From Hell is a 2001 American horror mystery film directed by the Hughes brothers and loosely based on the graphic novel series of the same name by Alan Moore and Eddie Campbell about the Jack the Ripper murders.
/m/032sl_	Enemy of the State is a 1998 American spy-thriller about a group of rogue NSA agents who kill a US Congressman and try to cover up the murder. It was written by David Marconi, directed by Tony Scott, and produced by Jerry Bruckheimer. It stars Will Smith and Gene Hackman, with Jon Voight, Lisa Bonet, and Regina King in supporting roles.
/m/0g60z	The West Wing is an American serial political drama television series created by Aaron Sorkin that was originally broadcast on NBC from September 22, 1999, to May 14, 2006. The series is set primarily in the West Wing of the White House, where the Oval Office and offices of presidential senior staff are located, during the fictional Democratic administration of Josiah Bartlet.\nThe West Wing was produced by Warner Bros. Television. For the first four seasons, there were three executive producers: Aaron Sorkin; Thomas Schlamme; and John Wells. After Sorkin left the series, Wells assumed the role of head writer, with later executive producers being directors Alex Graves and Christopher Misiano, and writers Lawrence O'Donnell Jr. and Peter Noah.\nThe series first aired on NBC in 1999 and has been broadcast by many networks in several other countries. The series ended its seven-year run on May 14, 2006.\nThe West Wing received positive reviews from critics, political science professors, and former White House staffers. In total, The West Wing won three Golden Globe Awards and 26 Emmy Awards, including the award for Outstanding Drama Series, which it won four consecutive times from 2000 through 2003. The show's ratings waned in later years following the departure of series creator Sorkin after the fourth season, yet it remained popular among high-income viewers, a key demographic for the show and its advertisers, with around 16 million viewers. In 2013 TV Guide ranked it #7 in its list of The 60 Greatest Dramas of All Time, while the Writers Guild of America ranked it #10 in its 101 Best Written TV Series List.
/m/07lt7b	Marion Cotillard is a French actress and singer. She garnered critical acclaim for her roles in films such as La Vie en Rose, Rust and Bone, The Immigrant, A Very Long Engagement, Furia, Les Jolies Choses and Love Me If You Dare. She has also appeared in such films as Chloé, My Sex Life... or How I Got Into an Argument, Taxi, Lisa, Big Fish, A Good Year, Public Enemies, Nine, Inception, Midnight in Paris, Contagion and The Dark Knight Rises.\nIn 2007, Cotillard starred as the French singer Édith Piaf in La Vie en Rose, for which she received critical acclaim and won several awards, including the Academy Award, BAFTA Award, César Award, and the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress. She made film history by becoming the first person to win an Academy Award for Best Actress in a French language performance. In 2010, she received a Golden Globe nomination for her performance in the musical Nine.\nIn 2012, she received widespread acclaim for her performance as the orca trainer Stéphanie in Rust and Bone and won the Globe de Cristal Award, the Étoile d'Or Award and the Hawaii International Film Festival Award for Best Actress and received nominations for the Critics' Choice Award, Screen Actors Guild Award, Golden Globe Award, BAFTA Award, and for the César Award.
/m/014xf6	King's College London is a public research university located in London, United Kingdom, and a constituent college of the federal University of London. King's is arguably the third-oldest university in England, having been founded by King George IV and the Duke of Wellington in 1829, receiving its royal charter in the same year. St Thomas' Hospital, which is now a teaching hospital of King's College London School of Medicine, has roots dating back to 1173. In 1836, King's became one of the two founding colleges of the University of London.\nKing's is organised into nine academic schools, spread across four Thames-side campuses in central London and another in Denmark Hill in south London. It is one of the largest centres for graduate and post-graduate medical teaching and biomedical research in Europe; it is home to six Medical Research Council centres, the most of any British university, and is a founding member of the King's Health Partners academic health sciences centre. King's has around 25,000 students and 6,113 staff and had a total income of £554.2 million in 2011/12, of which £154.7 million was from research grants and contracts.\nKing's is ranked 19th in the world in the 2013 QS World University Rankings, 38th in the world in the 2013 Times Higher Education World University Rankings and 67th in the world in the 2013 Academic Ranking of World Universities. There are currently 12 Nobel Prize laureates amongst King's alumni and current and former faculty. King's is a member of the Association of Commonwealth Universities, the European University Association, the Russell Group and Universities UK. It forms part of the 'golden triangle' of British universities.
/m/0qpjt	Chandler is a city in Maricopa County, Arizona, United States, and is a prominent suburb of the Phoenix, Arizona, Metropolitan Statistical Area. It is bordered to the north and west by Tempe, to the north by Mesa, to the west by Phoenix, to the south by the Gila River Indian Community, and to the east by Gilbert. As of July 2012, the population was 240,101 according to the United States Census Bureau, however, according to the city's official website, Chandler's Planning Division estimated the population as of September 2012 being 239,610. It also has satellite locations for many technology companies, including Intel and Orbital Sciences Corporation.
/m/05hyn5	Clube de Futebol Os Belenenses, commonly known simply as Belenenses, is a Portuguese multi-sports club best known for its football team. Founded in 1919, is one of the oldest Portuguese sports clubs. It is based in the 25,000-seat Estádio do Restelo in the Belém quarter of Lisbon, hence the club name, which translates as \"The ones from Belém.\"\nBelenenses won the 1945–46 Primeira Liga, making them the first of two clubs aside from the Big Three to win the league title, the other club being Boavista FC. The club also have 6 Championship of Portugal/Portuguese Cup titles.\nThe main activities of the club are football, handball, basketball, futsal, athletics, and rugby union. The club has won major national championships in all these sports, but remains best known for its original activity, football.
/m/0d3ff	Wuppertal is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is located in and around the river Wupper valley, and is situated east of the city of Düsseldorf and south of the Ruhr area. With a population of approximately 350,000, it is the largest city in the Bergisches Land. Wuppertal is known for its steep slopes, its woods and parks, and its suspension railway, the Wuppertal Schwebebahn. Two-thirds of the total municipal area of Wuppertal is green space. From any part of the city, it is only a ten-minute walk to one of the public parks or woodland paths.\nIn the 18th and 19th centuries, the Wupper valley was one of the biggest industrial regions of continental Europe. The rising demand for coal from the textile mills and blacksmith shops laid the roots for the expansion of the nearby Ruhrgebiet. Today, Wuppertal still is a major industrial centre, being home to industries such as textiles, metallurgy, chemicals, pharmaceuticals, electronics, automobiles, rubber, vehicles and printing equipment.\nAspirin originates from Wuppertal, patented in 1897 by Bayer, as is the Vorwerk- Kobold vacuum cleaner.\nThe Wuppertal Institute for Climate, Environment and Energy and the European Institute for International Economic Relations are located in the city.
/m/0mwxl	Butler County is a county located in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2010 census, the population was 183,862. Its county seat is the city of Butler. Butler County is named after Richard Butler, a hero of the American Revolution.\nButler County was created on March 12, 1800, from part of Allegheny County and named in honor of General Richard Butler. It is included in the Pittsburgh Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/01gjw	A ballad is a form of verse, often a narrative set to music. Ballads derive from the medieval French chanson balladée or ballade, which were originally \"dancing songs\". Ballads were particularly characteristic of the popular poetry and song of the British Isles from the later medieval period until the 19th century and used extensively across Europe and later the Americas, Australia and North Africa. Many ballads were written and sold as single sheet broadsides. The form was often used by poets and composers from the 18th century onwards to produce lyrical ballads. In the later 19th century it took on the meaning of a slow form of popular love song and the term is now often used as synonymous with any love song, particularly the pop or rock power ballad.
/m/01vsyjy	John Baldwin, known by the stage name John Paul Jones, is an English multi-instrumentalist, songwriter, composer, arranger and record producer. Best known as the bassist, keyboardist, and co-songwriter for English rock band Led Zeppelin, Jones has since developed a solo career. A versatile musician, Jones also plays organ, guitar, koto, lap steel guitars, mandolin, autoharp, violin, ukulele, sitar, cello, continuum and the three over-dubbed recorder parts heard on Led Zeppelin's \"Stairway to Heaven\".\nAccording to Allmusic, Jones \"has left his mark on rock & roll music history as an innovative musician, arranger, and director.\" Many notable rock bassists have been influenced by John Paul Jones, including John Deacon, Geddy Lee, Steve Harris, Flea, Gene Simmons, and Krist Novoselic. Jones was part of the band Them Crooked Vultures with Josh Homme and Dave Grohl, in which he plays bass guitar, keyboards, and other instruments. During November 2013, Jones was touring the Southeast playing mandolin with the Dave Rawlings Machine.
/m/01ckhj	Nigel John Dermot \"Sam\" Neill, DCNZM, OBE is a Northern Irish-born New Zealand actor who first achieved leading roles in films such as Omen III: The Final Conflict and Dead Calm and on television in Reilly, Ace of Spies. He won a broad international audience in 1993 for his roles as Alisdair Stewart in The Piano and Dr. Alan Grant in the 1993 film Jurassic Park, a role he reprised in 2001's Jurassic Park III. Neill also had notable roles in Merlin, The Hunt for Red October, and The Tudors.
/m/02blr4	Frankenstein's monster is a fictional character that first appeared in Mary Shelley's 1818 novel Frankenstein; or, The Modern Prometheus. In popular culture, the creature is often referred to as \"Frankenstein\" after his creator Victor Frankenstein, but in the novel the creature has no name. He does call himself, when speaking to Victor, the \"Adam of your labours\". He is also variously referred to as a \"creature\", \"fiend\", \"spectre\", \"the demon\", \"wretch\", \"devil\", \"thing\", \"being\" and \"ogre\" in the novel.\nAs in Mary Shelley's story, the monster's namelessness became a central part of the stage adaptations in London and Paris during the decades after the novel's first appearance. Shelley herself attended a performance of Presumption, the first successful stage adaptation of her novel. \"The play bill amused me extremely, for in the list of dramatis personae came          , by Mr T. Cooke,” she wrote to her friend Leigh Hunt. \"This nameless mode of naming the unnameable is rather good.\"\nWithin a decade of publication, the name of the creator—Frankenstein—was used to refer to the monster, but it became firmly established after the Universal film series starring Boris Karloff popularized the story in the 1930s. The film was largely based on an adaptation for the stage in 1927 by Peggy Webling. Webling's Frankenstein actually does give his creature his name. The Universal film treated the Monster's identity in a similar way as Shelley's novel: the name of the actor, not the character, is hidden by a question mark. Nevertheless, the creature soon enough became best known in the popular imagination as \"Frankenstein\". This usage is sometimes considered erroneous, but usage commentators regard the monster sense of \"Frankenstein\" as well-established and not an error.
/m/09dt7	Roger Joseph Zelazny was an American writer of fantasy and science fiction short stories and novels, best known for his The Chronicles of Amber series. He won the Nebula award three times and the Hugo award six times, including two Hugos for novels: the serialized novel ...And Call Me Conrad and then the novel Lord of Light.\nThe ostracod Sclerocypris zelaznyi was named after him.
/m/0dq3c	A vice president is an officer in government or business who is below a president in rank. The name comes from the Latin vice meaning 'in place of'. In some countries, the vice president is called the deputy president. In everyday speech, the abbreviation VP can be used.
/m/026zlh9	The Go-Between is a 1971 British romantic drama film, directed by Joseph Losey. Its screenplay, by Harold Pinter, is an adaptation of the 1953 novel of the same name by L. P. Hartley. The film stars Julie Christie, Alan Bates, Margaret Leighton, Michael Redgrave and Dominic Guard.
/m/030wsj	Mr. Prospector was a thoroughbred racehorse foaled in Kentucky whose descendants have dominated the United States Triple Crown of Thoroughbred Racing. He won half of his 14 career races.
/m/0gnjh	Top Hat is a 1935 screwball musical comedy film in which Fred Astaire plays an American dancer named Jerry Travers, who comes to London to star in a show produced by Horace Hardwick. He meets and attempts to impress Dale Tremont to win her affection. The film also features Eric Blore as Hardwick's valet Bates, Erik Rhodes as Alberto Beddini, a fashion designer and rival for Dale's affections, and Helen Broderick as Hardwick's long-suffering wife Madge.\nThe film was written by Allan Scott and Dwight Taylor. It was directed by Mark Sandrich. The songs were written by Irving Berlin. \"Top Hat, White Tie and Tails\" and \"Cheek to Cheek\" have become American song classics. It has been nostalgically referred to — particularly its \"Cheek to Cheek\" segment — in many films, including The Purple Rose of Cairo and The Green Mile.\nTop Hat was the most successful picture of Astaire and Rogers' partnership, achieving second place in worldwide box-office receipts for 1935. While some dance critics maintain that Swing Time contained a finer set of dances, Top Hat remains, to this day, the partnership's best-known work.
/m/02p8454	The Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine, located in Baltimore, Maryland, U.S., is the academic medical teaching and research arm of Johns Hopkins University. Johns Hopkins has consistently been among the nation's top medical schools in the number of research grants awarded by the National Institutes of Health. Its major teaching hospital, the Johns Hopkins Hospital, was ranked the best hospital in the United States every year between 1991 and 2011 and again in 2013 by U.S. News and World Report.
/m/0kpzy	Alameda County is a county in the United States of America state of California. It occupies most of the East Bay region of the San Francisco Bay Area. As of the 2010 census it had a population of 1,510,271, making it the 7th most populous county in the state. The county's major cities include Oakland, which is its seat, Fremont, Berkeley, and Hayward.
/m/03zqc1	Felicity Kendall Huffman is an American film, stage, and television actress. She is known for her role as executive producer Dana Whitaker on the ABC comedy-drama Sports Night, which earned her a Golden Globe Award nomination, and as hectic supermom Lynette Scavo on the long-running ABC comedy-drama Desperate Housewives, which has earned her an Emmy Award and three Screen Actors Guild Award.\nIn 2005, her critically acclaimed role as a transgender woman in the independent film Transamerica earned her a Golden Globe Award and an Academy Award nomination for Best Actress. She has also starred in such films as Reversal of Fortune, The Spanish Prisoner, Magnolia, Path to War, Georgia Rule and Phoebe in Wonderland.
/m/049mql	Alexander is a 2004 epic historical drama film based on the life of Alexander the Great. It was directed by Oliver Stone, with Colin Farrell in the title role. The film was an original screenplay based in part on the book Alexander the Great, written in the 1970s by the University of Oxford historian Robin Lane Fox.\nThe film received generally negative reviews upon its release and failed in the American box office. It grossed only US$34 million domestically, while costing $155 million to produce. However, it did better internationally in recovering its losses, grossing a total of $132 million in overseas revenue.\nFour versions of the film exist, the initial theatrical cut and three home video director's cuts: the \"Director's Cut\" in 2005, the \"Final Cut\" in 2007 and the forthcoming \"Ultimate Cut\" in 2014. The two earlier DVD versions of Alexander sold over 3.5 million copies in the United States. Oliver Stone's third version, Alexander Revisited: The Final Cut has sold close to one million copies and became one of the highest-selling catalog items from Warner Bros.
/m/0190xp	Power metal is a subgenre of heavy metal combining characteristics of traditional metal with speed metal, often within symphonic context. Generally, power metal is characterized by a more uplifting sound, in contrast to the heaviness and dissonance prevalent in styles such as doom metal and death metal. Power metal bands usually have anthem-like songs with fantasy-based subject matter and strong choruses, thus creating a theatrical, dramatic and emotionally \"powerful\" sound. The term was first used in the middle of the '80s and refers to two different but related styles: the first pioneered and largely practiced in North America with a harder sound similar to speed metal, and a later more widespread and popular style based in Europe, Latin America and Japan, with a lighter, more melodic sound and frequent use of keyboards.
/m/0d0vj4	Richard Bruce Cheney (born January 30, 1941) served as the 46th Vice President of the United States from 2001 to 2009 in the administration of George W. Bush. Cheney was born in Lincoln, Nebraska, but soon moved with his family to Casper, Wyoming, where he grew up. He began his political career as an intern for Congressman William A. Steiger, eventually working his way into the White House during the Ford administration, where he served as White House Chief of Staff. In 1978, Cheney was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives from Wyoming; he was reelected five times, eventually becoming House Minority Whip. Cheney was selected to be the Secretary of Defense during the presidency of George H. W. Bush, holding the position for the majority of Bush's term. During this time, Cheney oversaw the 1991 Operation Desert Storm, among other actions. Out of office during the Clinton presidency, Cheney was chairman and CEO of Halliburton Company from 1995 to 2000. Cheney joined the presidential campaign of George W. Bush in 2000, who selected him as his running mate. After becoming Vice President, Cheney remained a very public and controversial figure.
/m/01grqd	The Seventh United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, consisting of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, D.C. from March 4, 1801 to March 4, 1803, during the first two years of Thomas Jefferson's presidency. The apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives was based on the First Census of the United States in 1790. Both chambers had a Democratic-Republican majority, except during the Special session of the Senate, when there was a Federalist majority in the Senate.
/m/0b2v79	The Untouchables is a 1987 American crime drama directed by Brian De Palma and written by David Mamet. Based on the book The Untouchables, the film stars Kevin Costner as government agent Eliot Ness. It also stars Robert De Niro as gang leader Al Capone and Sean Connery as Irish-American officer Jimmy Malone. The film follows Ness' autobiographical account of the efforts of him and his Untouchables to bring Capone to justice during Prohibition. The Grammy Award-winning score was composed by Ennio Morricone.\nThe Untouchables was released on June 3, 1987, and received positive reviews. Observers praised the film for its approach, as well as its direction. The film was also a financial success, grossing $76 million domestically. The Untouchables was nominated for four Academy Awards, of which Connery received one for Best Supporting Actor.
/m/0nty_	Sangamon County is a county located in the U.S. state of Illinois. According to the 2010 census, it had a population of 197,465, which is an increase of 4.5% from 188,951 in 2000. Its county seat is Springfield, the state capital.\nThe Springfield Metropolitan Statistical Area includes Sangamon and Menard counties.
/m/03lh3v	Walter Ray Allen, Jr. is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association. He formerly played for the Milwaukee Bucks, Seattle SuperSonics, and Boston Celtics of the NBA. In college, he was a member of the University of Connecticut Huskies. One of the most accurate 3-point and free throw shooters in NBA history, he is a ten-time NBA All-Star, and has won two NBA championships, as well as an Olympic gold medal as a member of the 2000 United States men's basketball team. Allen has acted in two films, including a lead role in the 1998 Spike Lee film He Got Game. Allen is the NBA's all-time leader both in three-point field goals made and attempted in the regular season as well as the NBA's all-time leader in three-point field goals made in the postseason.
/m/02mbs4	The International Tennis Hall of Fame is located in Newport, Rhode Island, United States. The hall of fame honours players and contributors to the sport of tennis and includes a museum, grass tennis courts, an indoor tennis facility, and a court tennis facility.
/m/03dpqd	Miriam Margolyes, OBE is a British character actress and voice artist. Her earliest roles were in theatre and after several supporting roles in film and television she won a BAFTA Award for her role in The Age of Innocence and went on to play the role of Professor Sprout in the Harry Potter film series.
/m/011yd2	Apollo 13 is a 1995 American historical docudrama film directed by Ron Howard. The film stars Tom Hanks, Kevin Bacon, Bill Paxton, Gary Sinise, and Ed Harris. The screenplay by William Broyles, Jr. and Al Reinert, that dramatizes the aborted 1970 Apollo 13 lunar mission, is an adaptation of the book Lost Moon: The Perilous Voyage of Apollo 13 by astronaut Jim Lovell and Jeffrey Kluger.\nThe film depicts astronauts Lovell, Jack Swigert and Fred Haise aboard Apollo 13 for America's third Moon landing mission. En route, an on-board explosion deprives their spacecraft of most of its oxygen supply and electric power, forcing NASA's flight controllers to abort the Moon landing, and turning the mission into a struggle to get the three men home safely.\nHoward went to great lengths to create a technically accurate movie, employing NASA's technical assistance in astronaut and flight controller training for his cast, and even obtaining permission to film scenes aboard a reduced gravity aircraft for realistic depiction of the \"weightlessness\" experienced by the astronauts in space.\nReleased in the United States on June 30, 1995, Apollo 13 garnered critical acclaim and was nominated for many awards, including nine Academy Awards. In total, the film grossed over $355 million worldwide during its theatrical releases.
/m/06y9c2	Peter Lewis Kingston \"Pete\" Wentz III is an American musician best known for being the bassist and primary lyricist for the American rock band Fall Out Boy. Since the announcement of Fall Out Boy's temporary hiatus in 2009, Wentz has formed the experimental electropop/dubstep group Black Cards. He owns a record label, Decaydance Records, which has signed bands such as Panic! at the Disco and Gym Class Heroes.\nWentz has also ventured into other non-musical projects, including writing, acting, and fashion; in 2005 he founded a clothing company called Clandestine Industries. He also runs a film production company called Bartskull Films, as well as a bar called Angels & Kings. His philanthropic activities include collaborations with Invisible Children, Inc. and UNICEF's Tap Project, a fundraising project that helps bring clean drinking water to people worldwide. People magazine states that \"[n]o bassist has upstaged a frontman as well as Pete Wentz of Fall Out Boy.\"
/m/05lb30	Ricardo Antonio Chavira is an American actor, known for his role as Carlos Solis on Desperate Housewives, and also as John Carver in the video game in Dead Space 3.
/m/016k4x	The British Columbia Liberal Party is the governing provincial political party in British Columbia, Canada. The party is often described as a \"free enterprise coalition\" of supporters of the Liberal Party of Canada and the Conservative Party of Canada, though others have characterized it as a broadly conservative party supporting generally neoliberal policies.\nFirst elected into provincial government in 1916, the party went into decline after 1952, with its rump caucus merging with the Social Credit Party of British Columbia for the 1975 election. It was returned to the legislature through the efforts of Gordon Wilson in a break-through in the 1991 election. At this time, the Social Credit Party had collapsed, with the BC Liberals able to garner the centre vote traditionally split between left and right in British Columbia provincial politics. After Wilson lost a leadership challenge in the wake of a personal scandal in a bitter three-way race, the party was led by Gordon Campbell, who became Leader of the Opposition after Wilson's convention defeat. In the wake of the electoral collapse of the British Columbia New Democratic Party in the 2001 election, the Campbell-led BC Liberals won an overwhelming majority in 2001. In November 2010, after mounting public opposition to a new tax and the controversial ending of a political corruption trial, and with low popularity ratings, Campbell announced his resignation, and on February 26, 2011, Christy Clark was elected as the party's new leader and thereby became 35th Premier of British Columbia.
/m/02nxhr	Blu-ray Disc is a digital optical disc data storage format designed to supersede the DVD format. The plastic disc is 120 mm in diameter and 1.2 mm thick, the same size as DVDs and CDs. Conventional Blu-ray Discs contain 25 GB per layer, with dual layer discs being the industry standard for feature-length video discs. Triple layer discs and quadruple layers are available for BD-XL re-writer drives. The name Blu-ray Disc refers to the blue laser used to read the disc, which allows information to be stored at a greater density than is possible with the longer-wavelength red laser used for DVDs. The major application of Blu-ray Discs is as a medium for video material such as feature films. Besides the hardware specifications, Blu-ray Disc is associated with a set of multimedia formats. Generally, these formats allow for the video and audio to be stored with greater definition than on DVD.\nThe format was developed by the Blu-ray Disc Association, a group representing makers of consumer electronics, computer hardware, and motion pictures. Sony unveiled the first Blu-ray Disc prototypes in October 2000, and the first prototype player was released in April 2003 in Japan. Afterwards, it continued to be developed until its official release in June 2006. As of June 2008, more than 2,500 Blu-ray Disc titles were available in Australia and the United Kingdom, with 3,500 in the United States and Canada. In Japan, as of July 2010, more than 3,300 titles have been released.
/m/026pz9s	The Sovereign Military Hospitaller Order of Saint John of Jerusalem of Rhodes and of Malta (Italian: Sovrano Militare Ordine Ospedaliero di San Giovanni di Gerusalemme di Rodi e di Malta) (known as the Sovereign Military Order of Malta [SMOM], Order of Malta or Knights of Malta for short) is a Roman Catholic order based in Rome, Italy and the world's oldest surviving order of chivalry. The Sovereign Military Order of Malta is widely considered a sovereign subject of international law.\r\n\r\nSMOM is the modern continuation of the original medieval order of Saint John of Jerusalem, known as the Knights Hospitaller, a group founded in Jerusalem about 1050 as an Amalfitan hospital to provide care for poor and sick pilgrims to the Holy Land. After the conquest of Jerusalem in 1099 during the First Crusade, it became a military order under its own charter. Following the loss of Christian held territories of the Holy Land to Muslims, the Order operated from Rhodes (1310–1523), and later from Malta (1530–1798), over which it was sovereign.\r\n\r\nAlthough this state came to an end with the ejection of the Order from Malta by Napoleon, the Order as such survived. It retains its claims of sovereignty under international law and has been granted permanent observer status at the United Nations.\r\n\r\nToday the order has about 12,500 members; 80,000 permanent volunteers; and 20,000 medical personnel including doctors, nurses, auxiliaries and paramedics. The goal is to assist the elderly, handicapped, refugeed, children, homeless, those with terminal illness and leprosy in five continents of the world, without distinction of race or religion. In several countries—including France, Germany and Ireland—the local associations of the Order are important providers of first aid training, first aid services and emergency medical services. Through its worldwide relief corps—Malteser International—the Order is also engaged to aid victims of natural disasters, epidemics and armed conflicts.
/m/0l15n	John Guilbert Avildsen is an American film director. He won the Academy Award for Best Director in 1977 for Rocky. Other films he directed include Joe, Save the Tiger, Fore Play, The Formula, Neighbors, For Keeps, Lean on Me, The Power of One, 8 Seconds, Inferno, Rocky V and the first three Karate Kid movies.
/m/09l3p	Natalie Portman is an actress with dual American and Israeli citizenship. Her first role was as an orphan taken in by a hitman in the 1994 action film Léon: The Professional, but mainstream success came when she was cast as Padmé Amidala in the Star Wars prequel trilogy. In 1999, she enrolled at Harvard University to study psychology while still working as an actress. She completed her bachelor's degree in 2003.\nIn 2001, Portman opened in New York City's Public Theater production of Anton Chekhov's The Seagull. In 2005, Portman won a Golden Globe Award and received an Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress for her performance in the drama Closer. She won a Constellation Award for Best Female Performance and a Saturn Award for Best Actress for her starring role in V for Vendetta. She played leading roles in the historical dramas Goya's Ghosts and The Other Boleyn Girl. In May 2008, she served as the youngest member of the 61st Annual Cannes Film Festival jury. Portman's directorial debut, Eve, opened the 65th Venice International Film Festival's shorts competition in 2008. Portman directed a segment of the collective film New York, I Love You. Portman is also known for her portrayal as Jane Foster, the love interest of Marvel superhero Thor, in the film adaptation Thor, and its sequel, Thor: The Dark World.
/m/0dcrb	Cerebral palsy is a general term for a group of permanent, non-progressive movement disorders that cause physical disability in development, mainly in the areas of body movement. It is a central motor dysfunction affecting muscle tone, posture and movement resulting from a permanent, non-progressive defect or lesion of the immature brain. CP is neither genetic nor an infectious disease, and thus it is not contagious. Most cases are congenital, arising at or about the time of birth, and are diagnosed at a young age rather than during adolescence or adulthood.\nCerebral refers to the cerebrum, which is the affected area of the brain. The disorder may often involve connections between the cortex and other parts of the brain such as the cerebellum. The term palsy in modern language refers to disorder of movement, but the word root \"palsy\" technically means \"paralysis\", even though it is not used as such within the meaning of cerebral palsy.\nCerebral palsy is caused by damage to the motor control centers of the developing brain and can occur during pregnancy, during childbirth, or after birth up to about age three. Resulting limits in movement and posture cause activity limitation and are often accompanied by disturbances of sensation, depth perception, and other sight-based perceptual problems and communication ability; impairments can also be found in cognition, and epilepsy is found in about one-third of cases. CP often results in musculoskeletal problems. Cerebral palsy's nature as a broad category means it is defined mostly via several different subtypes, especially the type featuring spasticity, and also mixtures of those subtypes.
/m/02ydx	FreeBSD is a free Unix-like operating system descended from AT&T Unix via BSD. Although for legal reasons FreeBSD cannot be called \"Unix,\" it is a direct descendant from BSD, which was historically also called \"BSD Unix\" or \"Berkeley Unix.\" Due to its permissive licensing terms, much of FreeBSD's code base has become an integral part of other operating systems such as Juniper JUNOS and Apple's OS X. With the exception of the proprietary OS X, FreeBSD is the most widely used BSD-derived operating system in terms of number of installed computers, and is the most widely used freely licensed, open-source BSD distribution, accounting for more than three-quarters of all installed systems running free, open-source BSD derivatives.\nCharacterised in 2005 as \"the unknown giant among free operating systems\", FreeBSD is a complete operating system. The kernel, device drivers, and all of the userland utilities, such as the shell, are held in the same source code revision tracking tree. Third-party application software may be installed using various software installation systems, the two most common being source installation and package installation, both of which use the FreeBSD Ports system.
/m/02mxx4	A limited company is a company in which the liability of members or subscribers of the company is limited to what they have invested or guaranteed to the company. Limited companies may be limited by shares or by guarantee. And the former of these, a limited company limited by shares, may be further divided into public companies and private companies. Who may become a member of a private limited company is restricted by law and by the company's rules. In contrast anyone may buy shares in a public limited company.\nLimited companies can be found in most countries, although the detailed rules governing them vary widely. It is also common for a distinction to be made between the publicly tradable companies of plc type, and the \"private\" types of company.
/m/05kb8h	A motivational speaker or inspirational speaker is a speaker who makes speeches intended to motivate or inspire an audience. Business entities may employ motivational speakers to communicate company strategy with clarity, to help employees to see the future in a positive light, and to inspire workers to pull together. The talk itself is often known as a pep talk.
/m/0gf14	Ryerson University is a public research university located in downtown Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Its urban campus surrounds the Yonge-Dundas Square, located at the busiest intersection in downtown Toronto. The university has a focus on applied, career-oriented education. The majority of its buildings are in the blocks northeast of the Yonge-Dundas Square in Toronto's Garden District. Ryerson's business school, Ted Rogers School of Management is on the southwest end of the Yonge-Dundas Square, located on Bay Street, slightly north of Toronto's Financial District and is attached to the Toronto Eaton Centre. The university's most recent expansion, the Mattamy Athletic Centre, is located in the historical Maple Leaf Gardens hockey arena, the original home of the Toronto Maple Leafs. The university is composed of 36,000+ undergraduate students, 2,300+ graduate students, and 65,000+ certificate and continuing education students. The university is ranked 4th in Ontario and 10th in Canada by student enrollment.\nRyerson University is home to Canada's largest undergraduate business school, the Ted Rogers School of Management, and Canada's third largest undergraduate engineering school, the Faculty of Engineering and Architectural Science, as well as the Faculty of Arts, Faculty of Communication & Design, Faculty of Community Services, and the Faculty of Science.
/m/0lbp_	Arlington National Cemetery, in Arlington County, Virginia, directly across the Potomac River from the Lincoln Memorial, is a United States military cemetery beneath whose 624 acres have been laid casualties, and deceased veterans, of the nation's conflicts beginning with the American Civil War, as well as reinterred dead from earlier wars. It was established during the Civil War on the grounds of Arlington House, which had been the estate of the family of Confederate general Robert E. Lee's wife Mary Anna Lee.
/m/03n52j	Edward James \"Ed\" Begley, Jr. is an American actor and environmentalist. Begley has appeared in hundreds of films, television shows, and stage performances. He is best known for his role as Dr. Victor Ehrlich, on the television series St. Elsewhere, for which he received six consecutive Emmy Award nominations, and his most recent reality show about green living called Living With Ed on Planet Green with his wife.
/m/06brp0	Mitchell D. Hurwitz is an American television writer and producer. He is best known as the creator of the television sitcom Arrested Development as well as the co-creator of The Ellen Show, and a contributor to The John Larroquette Show and The Golden Girls.
/m/07x21	Unitarianism is a theological movement, named for its understanding of God as one person, in direct contrast to Trinitarianism, which defines God as three persons coexisting consubstantially as one being. Unitarians maintain that Jesus is in some sense the \"son\" of God, but not the one God. Unitarianism is also known for the rejection of several conventional Christian doctrines besides the Trinity, including the soteriological doctrines of original sin and predestination, and, in more recent history, biblical inerrancy. In J. Gordon Melton's Encyclopedia of American Religions it is classified among \"the 'liberal' family of churches\".\nThe Unitarian movement, although not called \"Unitarian\" initially, began almost simultaneously in Poland-Lithuania and Transylvania in the mid-sixteenth century. Among the adherents were a significant number of Italians. In England the first Unitarian Church was established in 1774 on Essex Street, London, where today's British Unitarian headquarters are still located. The first official acceptance of the Unitarian faith on the part of a congregation in America was by King's Chapel in Boston, from where James Freeman began teaching Unitarian doctrine in 1784, and was appointed rector and revised the Prayer Book according to Unitarian doctrines in 1786.
/m/0vmt	Arizona is a state in the southwestern region of the United States. It is also part of the Western United States and of the Mountain West states. It is the sixth largest and the 15th most populous of the 50 states. Its capital and largest city is Phoenix. Arizona is one of the Four Corners states. It has borders with New Mexico, Utah, Nevada, California, and Mexico, and one point in common with the southwestern corner of Colorado. Arizona's border with Mexico is 389 miles long, on the northern border of the Mexican states of Sonora and Baja California.\nArizona is the 48th state and last of the contiguous states to be admitted to the Union, achieving statehood on February 14, 1912. It was previously part of the territory of Alta California in New Spain before being passed down to independent Mexico and later ceded to the United States after the Mexican-American War. The southernmost portion of the state was acquired in 1853 through the Gadsden Purchase.\nArizona is noted for its desert climate in its southern half, with very hot summers and quite mild winters. The northern half of the state features forests of pine, Douglas fir, and spruce trees, a very large, high plateau and some mountain ranges—such as the San Francisco Mountains—as well as large, deep canyons, with much more moderate summer temperatures, and significant winter snowfalls. There are ski resorts in the areas of Flagstaff, Alpine, and Tucson. In addition to the Grand Canyon National Park, there are several national forests, national parks, and national monuments. About one-quarter of the state is made up of Indian Reservations that serve as the home of a number of Native American tribes.
/m/06nsb9	John Donald Fiedler was an American voice actor and character actor who was slight, balding, and bespectacled, with a distinctive, high-pitched voice. His career lasted more than 55 years in stage, film, television and radio. He is best known for four roles: the nervous Juror #2 in 12 Angry Men; the voice of Piglet in Disney's Winnie-the-Pooh productions; Vinnie, the meek poker player in the film version of Neil Simon's The Odd Couple; and Mr. Peterson, the hen-pecked milquetoast on The Bob Newhart Show.
/m/0p_pd	William James \"Bill\" Murray is an American actor and comedian. He first gained exposure on Saturday Night Live in which he earned an Emmy Award and later went on to star in various comedy films, including Meatballs, Caddyshack, Ghostbusters, What About Bob?, and Groundhog Day. Murray garnered additional critical acclaim later in his career, starring in Lost in Translation, which earned him an Academy Award nomination for Best Actor, the indie comedy-drama Broken Flowers and a series of films directed by Wes Anderson, including Rushmore, The Royal Tenenbaums, The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou, Fantastic Mr. Fox, and Moonrise Kingdom.
/m/03bww6	The Surreal Life is a reality television series that sets a select group of past-their-prime celebrities and records them as they live together in Glen Campbell's former mansion in the Hollywood Hills for two weeks. The format of the show resembles that of The Real World and Road Rules, in that the cameras not only record the castmates' participation in group activities assigned to them, but also their interpersonal relationships and conflicts. The series is also likened to The Challenge in that previously known individuals from separate origins of entertainment are brought together into one cast. The show's first two seasons aired on The WB, and subsequent seasons have been shown on VH1.
/m/0cx2r	Alsace is the fifth-smallest of the 27 regions of France in land area, and the smallest in metropolitan France. It is also the seventh-most densely populated region in France and third most densely populated region in metropolitan France, with ca. 220 inhabitants per km².\nAlsace is located on France's eastern border and on the west bank of the upper Rhine adjacent to Germany and Switzerland. Historical decisions, wars, and strategic politics have resulted in Alsace being administered as a \"region\" within the Republic of France. The political, economic and cultural capital as well as largest city of Alsace is Strasbourg. Because that city is the seat of dozens of international organizations and bodies, Alsace is politically one of the most important regions in the European Union.\nThe name \"Alsace\" can be traced to the Old High German Ali-saz or Elisaz, meaning \"foreign domain\". An alternative explanation is from a Germanic Ell-sass, meaning \"seated on the Ill\", a river in Alsace. The region, as part of Lorraine, was part of the Holy Roman Empire, and then was gradually annexed by France in the 17th century, and formalized as one of the provinces of France. The Calvinist manufacturing republic of Mulhouse, known as Stadtrepublik Mülhausen, become a part of Alsace after a vote by its citizens on 4 January 1798. Alsace is frequently mentioned with and as part of Lorraine and the former duchy of Lorraine, since it was a vital part of the duchy, and later because German possession as the imperial province was contested in the 19th and 20th centuries; France and Germany exchanged control of parts of Lorraine four times in 75 years.
/m/017cjb	Stoke-on-Trent, also called the Potteries, is a city in Staffordshire, England, which forms a linear conurbation stretching for 12 miles, with an area of 36 square miles. Together with Newcastle-under-Lyme and Kidsgrove, Stoke forms the Stoke-on-Trent Built-up Area. With the neighbouring boroughs of Newcastle-under-Lyme and Staffordshire Moorlands, the three form North Staffordshire, which in 2011 had a population of 469,000.\nThe conurbation continues to be polycentric, having been formed by a federation of six separate towns and numerous villages in the early-20th century. The settlement from which the federated town took its name was Stoke-upon-Trent, where the administration and chief mainline railway station were located. After the union, Hanley emerged as the primary commercial centre in the city, despite the efforts of its rival, Burslem. The three other component towns are Tunstall, Longton and Fenton.\nStoke-on-Trent is considered to be the home of the pottery industry in England and is commonly known as the Potteries. Formerly a primarily industrial conurbation, it is now a centre for service industries and distribution centres.
/m/0v0d9	Uxbridge, is a town in Worcester County, Massachusetts first settled in 1662, incorporated in 1727, originally part of Suffolk County, and Mendon, and named for the Earl of Uxbridge. The town, is located 36 mi southwest of Boston and 15 mi south-southeast of Worcester, at the midpoint of the Blackstone Valley Heritage Corridor. Uxbridge \"weaves a tapestry of early America\"\n\"Nipmuc Praying Indians\", at 'Wacentug\", deeded land to 17th century settlers. Uxbridge granted rights to America's first woman voter, Lydia Chapin Taft. The first hospital for mental illness in America was established here. A 140 year legacy of manufacturing military uniforms and clothing began with 1820 power looms. Uxbridge became famous for woolen cashmeres. \"Uxbridge Blue\", was the first US Air Force Dress Uniform. BJ's Wholesale Club distribution warehouse looms large here today.
/m/0fltx	Obesity is a medical condition in which excess body fat has accumulated to the extent that it may have a negative effect on health, leading to reduced life expectancy and/or increased health problems. People are considered obese when their body mass index, a measurement obtained by dividing a person's weight by the square of the person's height, exceeds 30 kg/m².\nObesity increases the likelihood of various diseases, particularly heart disease, type 2 diabetes, obstructive sleep apnea, certain types of cancer, and osteoarthritis. Obesity is most commonly caused by a combination of excessive food energy intake, lack of physical activity, and genetic susceptibility, although a few cases are caused primarily by genes, endocrine disorders, medications or psychiatric illness. Evidence to support the view that some obese people eat little yet gain weight due to a slow metabolism is limited. On average obese people have a greater energy expenditure than their thin counterparts due to the energy required to maintain an increased body mass.\nDieting and physical exercise are the mainstays of treatment for obesity. Diet quality can be improved by reducing the consumption of energy-dense foods such as those high in fat and sugars, and by increasing the intake of dietary fiber. Anti-obesity drugs may be taken to reduce appetite or decrease fat absorption when used together with a suitable diet. If diet, exercise and medication are not effective, a gastric balloon may assist with weight loss, or surgery may be performed to reduce stomach volume and/or bowel length, leading to feeling full earlier and a reduced ability to absorb nutrients from food.
/m/0p51w	Fred Zinnemann was an Austro-American film director. He won Academy Awards for directing films in many genres, including thrillers, westerns, film noir, and play adaptations. Nineteen actors appearing in Zinnemann's films received Academy Award nominations for their performances: among that number are Frank Sinatra, Audrey Hepburn, Glynis Johns, Paul Scofield, Robert Shaw, Wendy Hiller, Jason Robards, Vanessa Redgrave, Jane Fonda, Gary Cooper and Maximilian Schell.
/m/01r_t_	Kinji Fukasaku was a Japanese film actor, screenwriter, and best known as a celebrated and innovative filmmaker. He was born in Mito, Ibaraki, Japan, and died in Tokyo, from prostate cancer. He is known for directing samurai period and yakuza films such as Battles Without Honor and Humanity, the Japanese portion of the Hollywood film Tora! Tora! Tora!, and his final film Battle Royale. He is also known for his trademark shaky camera technique, which he used extensively in many of his films from the early 1970s.
/m/024pcx	The Kingdom of England was a sovereign state in western Europe from the 10th century to 1707. Occupying the southern two-thirds of the island of Great Britain, the kingdom included modern-day England, Wales, and for a brief period in the 15th century the Southern Uplands of Scotland. The kingdom shared a border with Scotland to the north, but otherwise was surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean. At the start of the period its capital and chief royal residence was Winchester, but Westminster and Gloucester were accorded almost equal status, with Westminster gradually gaining preference and becoming the de facto administrative capital by the beginning of the 12th century.\nThe kingdom broadly traces its origins to the Anglo-Saxon settlement of Britain and the Heptarchy of petty states that followed. The territory of what became England was unified into a single kingdom during the early 10th century. The Norman invasion of Wales from 1067 and the completion of its conquest by Edward I put Wales under England's control, and Wales came under English law with the Laws in Wales Acts 1535–1542. On 1 May 1707, under the terms of the Acts of Union 1707, the kingdoms of England and Scotland united to form Great Britain. Although it is no longer a sovereign state, modern England continues as one of the countries of the United Kingdom.
/m/042z_g	Anthony Howard \"Tony\" Goldwyn is an American actor and director. He portrayed the villain Carl Bruner in Ghost, Colonel Bagley in The Last Samurai, and the voice of the title character of the Disney animated film Tarzan. He stars in the ABC drama Scandal, as Fitzgerald Grant III, President of the United States.
/m/05b6c	Neuroscience is the scientific study of the nervous system. Traditionally, neuroscience has been seen as a branch of biology. However, it is currently an interdisciplinary science that collaborates with other fields such as chemistry, computer science, engineering, linguistics, mathematics, medicine and allied disciplines, philosophy, physics, and psychology. It also exerts influence on other fields, such as neuroeducation and neurolaw. The term neurobiology is usually used interchangeably with the term neuroscience, although the former refers specifically to the biology of the nervous system, whereas the latter refers to the entire science of the nervous system.\nThe scope of neuroscience has broadened to include different approaches used to study the molecular, cellular, developmental, structural, functional, evolutionary, computational, and medical aspects of the nervous system. The techniques used by neuroscientists have also expanded enormously, from molecular and cellular studies of individual nerve cells to imaging of sensory and motor tasks in the brain. Recent theoretical advances in neuroscience have also been aided by the study of neural networks.\nBecause of the increasing number of scientists who study the nervous system, several prominent neuroscience organizations have been formed to provide a forum to all neuroscientists and educators. For example, the International Brain Research Organization was founded in 1960, the International Society for Neurochemistry in 1963, the European Brain and Behaviour Society in 1968, and the Society for Neuroscience in 1969.
/m/011ydl	Babe is a 1995 comedy-drama film, co-written and directed by Chris Noonan. It is an adaptation of Dick King-Smith's 1983 novel The Sheep-Pig, also known as Babe: The Gallant Pig in the USA, which tells the story of a pig who wants to be a sheepdog. The main animal characters are played by a combination of real and animatronic pigs and Border Collies.\nAfter seven years of development, Babe was filmed in Robertson, New South Wales, Australia. The talking-animal visual effects were done by Rhythm & Hues Studios and Jim Henson's Creature Shop.\nThe film was a box office success and grossed $36,776,544 at the box office in Australia. It has received considerable acclaim from critics: it was nominated for seven Academy Awards including Best Picture, Best Director and Best Adapted Screenplay, winning Best Visual Effects. It also won the Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy and the Saturn Award for Best Fantasy Film.\nIn 1998, Babe producer and co-writer George Miller directed a sequel, Babe: Pig in the City.
/m/09v0p2c	The 62nd Writers Guild of America Awards honored the best film, television, and videogame writers of 2009. Winners were announced on February 20, 2010.
/m/05hj_k	Harvey Weinstein, CBE is an American film producer and film studio executive. He is best known as co-founder of Miramax Films. He and his brother Bob have been co-chairmen of The Weinstein Company, their film production company, since 2005. He won an Academy Award for producing Shakespeare in Love, and garnered seven Tony Awards for producing a variety of winning plays and musicals including The Producers, Billy Elliot the Musical, and August: Osage County. In a survey analyzing the speeches of Academy Award Winners over a period of 20 years, it was determined that 7 Oscar Winners thanked God in their acceptance speeches, while 30 Oscar Winners thanked Harvey Weinstein.
/m/02yvct	Inglourious Basterds is a 2009 German-American war film written and directed by Quentin Tarantino and starring Brad Pitt, Christoph Waltz, Mélanie Laurent, Michael Fassbender, Eli Roth and Diane Kruger. The film tells the fictional alternate history story of two plots to assassinate Nazi Germany's political leadership, one planned by a young French Jewish cinema proprietor, and the other by a team of Jewish-American soldiers led by First Lieutenant Aldo Raine. The film's title was inspired by director Enzo G. Castellari's 1978 macaroni combat film, The Inglorious Bastards.\nDevelopment began in 1998, when Tarantino wrote the script. He struggled with the ending and chose to hold off filming and moved on to direct the two-part film Kill Bill. After directing Death Proof in 2007, Tarantino returned to work on Inglourious Basterds. The film went into production in October 2008 and was filmed in Germany and France with a $75 million production budget. Inglourious Basterds premiered on May 20, 2009 at the 62nd Cannes Film Festival, where it competed for the Palme d'Or. It was widely released in theaters in the United States and Europe in August 2009 by The Weinstein Company and Universal Pictures.
/m/0677j	Pembroke College is a constituent college of the University of Cambridge, England.\nThe college is the third oldest college of the university and has over seven hundred students and fellows. Physically, it is one of the university's larger colleges, with buildings from almost every century since its founding, as well as extensive gardens. The college has a financial endowment of £53.3 million as of 2012. Pembroke has a level of academic performance among the highest of all the Cambridge colleges, with an average rank of 6.7 out of 29 in the unofficial Tompkins Table. In 2013 Pembroke was placed second in the Tompkins Table.\nPembroke College is home to the first chapel designed by Sir Christopher Wren and is one of the Cambridge colleges to have educated a British prime minister, William Pitt the Younger. The college library, with a Victorian neo-gothic clock tower, is endowed with an original copy of the first encyclopaedia to contain printed diagrams. The college's current master, Sir Richard Dearlove, was previously the head of the United Kingdom's Secret Intelligence Service.
/m/06sfk6	In 1996 Nestor Cerpa and his Tupac Amaru Revolutionary Movement (MRTA) took over 400 people hostage at the Japanese Ambassador's Residence in Lima. Over the next four months a chilling, unlikely, sometimes humorous and tragic drama unfolded. With unprecedented access to archival footage, secret police recordings from inside the embassy, intimate letters, and interviews with the main protagonists the directors have crafted a gripping and thought-provoking portrayal of an ultimately all too human story. Nestor Cerpa is a devoted family man who loves his wife and children dearly, writing them passionate and revealing letters from the Residence. He is also one of the most reviled figures in Peruvian political history. Inflicting pain and suffering on hundreds, Nestor fails to perceive the contradictions of using violence and cruelty as tools of social justice.The taking of the Residence is a direct attack on the Japanese born Peruvian President, Alberto Fujimori, who has claimed victory in his brutal campaign against Peru's insurgent groups. The MRTA has been all but wiped out. Hundreds of members, including Nestor's wife Nancy, languish in prison. Taking the Residence is Nestor's last-ditch effort to free them. For Fujimori it is a painful embarrassment. His response is uncompromising and fatal. What follows is devastating and bizarre.It is also a hundred and twenty six days in the lives of the hostages. The psychology of captivity is intimately revealed through a compelling portrait of daily life in the Residence. Not only affecting it is also unexpected: the head of counter-terrorism gives Nestor French lessons and the Japanese Ambassador leads communal exercise classes. When it is revealed that Nestor would give up all other demands for the release of his wife the crisis takes a romantic dimension.Multi-layered and complex this film avoids simple and obvious conclusions, and investigates the collision points between social forces and our personal lives.
/m/0h924	Berkshire is a county of south east England, located to the west of London. It has also been known as the Royal County of Berkshire since at least the 19th century because of the presence of Windsor Castle and was recognised as such by the Queen in 1957 and letters patent issued in 1974. Berkshire is a county of historic origin and is currently both a ceremonial county and a non-metropolitan county without a county council. Berkshire County Council was the main county governance from 1889 to 1998, except for the separately administered County Borough of Reading. In 1974 the towns of Abingdon, Didcot and Wantage were transferred to Oxfordshire, Slough was gained from Buckinghamshire, and the separate administration of Reading ended. Since 1998 Berkshire has been governed by the six unitary authorities of Bracknell Forest, Reading, Slough, West Berkshire, Windsor and Maidenhead and Wokingham. It borders the counties of Oxfordshire, Buckinghamshire, Greater London, Surrey, Wiltshire and Hampshire.
/m/04f4z1k	The 1997 First-Year Player Draft, Major League Baseball's annual amateur draft of high school and college baseball players, was held on June 2 and 3, 1997. A total of 1607 players were drafted over the course of 92 rounds.
/m/01y9pk	The University of Windsor is a public comprehensive and research university in Windsor, Ontario, Canada. It is Canada's southernmost university. It has a student population of approximately 15,000 full-time and part-time undergraduate students and over 1000 graduate students. The University of Windsor has graduated more than 100,000 alumni since its founding.\nThe University of Windsor has nine faculties, including the Faculty of Arts, Humanities and Social Sciences, the Faculty of Education, the Faculty of Engineering, Odette School of Business, the Faculty of Graduate Studies, the Faculty of Human Kinetics, the Faculty of Law, the Faculty of Nursing, and the Faculty of Science. Through its various faculties and independent schools, Windsor's primary research interests focus on automotive, environmental, and social justice research, yet it has increasingly began focusing on health, natural science, and entrepreneurship research.\nRecently, the University of Windsor has established a School of Medicine in partnership with the Schulich School of Medicine & Dentistry from the University of Western Ontario. Currently, the University of Windsor is constructing a $112-million Centre for Engineering Innovation, which will house the Faculty of Engineering and its research centre.
/m/03hfxkn	The Clemson Tigers football team, known traditionally as the \"Clemson University Fighting Tigers\", represents Clemson University in the sport of American football. The Tigers compete in the Football Bowl Subdivision of the National Collegiate Athletic Association and the Atlantic Division of the Atlantic Coast Conference. Formed in 1896, the program has achieved a Consensus Division I Football National Championship, 18 conference championships, 5 undefeated seasons and 2 divisional titles, and has produced 68 All-Americans, 15 Academic All-Americans, and 169 NFL players. Clemson has had six members inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame.\nWith 18 total conference titles, Clemson is one of the founding members of the ACC and holds the most conference titles of any school at 14. The Tigers' most recent ACC championship came in 2011 with a 38–10 win over 5th-ranked Virginia Tech.\nAmong its five undefeated seasons, Clemson won their first and only poll-era national football championship in 1981 with a 22–15 win over Nebraska in the Orange Bowl. The Tigers have 34 total bowl appearances. Former players Terry Kinard, Jeff Davis, and Banks McFadden have been inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame. Former coaches Frank Howard, Jess Neely, and John Heisman are also inductees into the Hall. The Tigers have finished in the Final Top 25 rankings 25 times in the program's history.
/m/02jx_v	RMIT University is an Australian university of technology and design based in Melbourne, Victoria.\nRMIT was founded in 1887 by grazier, politician and public benefactor the Hon. Francis Ormond—as the Working Men's College of Melbourne. It is the third oldest tertiary education provider in Victoria, and is the eighth oldest provider of tertiary education in Australia. Its foundation campus is located in Melbourne City, and is a contiguous part of the northern area of the city centre.\nIt opened as a night school for instruction in art, science and technology—to support the industrialisation of Melbourne during the late-19th century. It had an initial enrollment of 320 students. Today, RMIT is the largest tertiary education provider in Australia. As of 2012, it has an enrolment of around 82,000 students across vocational, undergraduate and postgraduate levels.\nIn addition to its foundation campus, RMIT has two radial campuses in the Melbourne metropolitan area—located in the suburbs of Bundoora and Brunswick; as well as training and research sites in the Melbourne metropolitan area and the Grampians state region—located in the suburb of Point Cook and town of Hamilton respectively. It also has two branch campuses in Asia—located in Ho Chi Minh City and Hanoi, Vietnam; and a coordinating centre in Europe—located in Barcelona, Spain.
/m/03t95n	The Scorpion King is a 2002 American action film directed by Chuck Russell, starring Dwayne \"The Rock\" Johnson, Kelly Hu, Grant Heslov, and Michael Clarke Duncan. It is a prequel/spin-off to The Mummy series, and follows the story of Mathayus the Scorpion King, the character featured in The Mummy Returns.\nThe events of The Scorpion King take place 5,000 years before those in The Mummy and The Mummy Returns, and reveal Mathayus' origins and his rise to power as the Scorpion King. The name itself is a reference to a real king of the protodynastic period of Ancient Egyptian history, Scorpion II.
/m/0jqd3	North by Northwest is a 1959 American spy thriller film directed by Alfred Hitchcock and starring Cary Grant, Eva Marie Saint and James Mason. The screenplay was written by Ernest Lehman, who wanted to write \"the Hitchcock picture to end all Hitchcock pictures\".\nNorth by Northwest is a tale of mistaken identity, with an innocent man pursued across the United States by agents of a mysterious organization who want to stop his interference in their plans to smuggle out microfilm containing government secrets.\nThis is one of several Hitchcock films with a music score by Bernard Herrmann and features a memorable opening title sequence by graphic designer Saul Bass. This film is generally cited as the first to feature extended use of kinetic typography in its opening credits.
/m/022tzk	Palomar Observatory is a privately owned astronomical observatory located in San Diego County, California, 145 kilometers southeast of Los Angeles, California, in the Palomar Mountain Range. It is owned and operated by the California Institute of Technology located in Pasadena, California. Research time is granted to Caltech and its research partners, which include the Jet Propulsion Laboratory and Cornell University.\nThe observatory operates several telescopes, including the famous 200-inch Hale Telescope and the 48-inch Samuel Oschin Telescope. In addition, other instruments and projects have been hosted at the observatory, such as the Palomar Testbed Interferometer and the historic 18-inch Schmidt telescope, Palomar Observatory's first telescope, dating from 1936.
/m/02rytm	The Sweden national football team represents Sweden in association football and is controlled by the Swedish Football Association, the governing body for Football in Sweden. Sweden's home ground is Friends Arena in Stockholms län and the team is led by Erik Hamrén.\nSweden made their first World Cup appearance in 1934. Sweden has made eleven World Cup appearances and five appearances in the European Championships. They finished second in the 1958 FIFA World Cup, and third in both 1950 and 1994. Sweden's accomplishments also include a gold medal in the 1948 Summer Olympics, and bronze medals in 1924 and 1952. They reached the semi-finals in UEFA Euro 1992.\nTraditionally, Sweden are rivals with Denmark and Norway, although a rivalry with England has developed over the years. Sweden failed to qualify for the 2010 World Cup in the group qualification stage, having been edged out by Portugal. As a result, team manager Lars Lagerbäck quit and Erik Hamrén was appointed the new manager. Sweden's captain is Zlatan Ibrahimović with Andreas Isaksson as vice captain.
/m/02mslq	David Sanborn is an American alto saxophonist. Though Sanborn has worked in many genres, his solo recordings typically blend jazz with instrumental pop and R&B. He released his first solo album Taking Off in 1975, but has been playing the saxophone since before he was in high school. Sanborn has also worked extensively as a session musician, notably on David Bowie's Young Americans.\nOne of the most commercially successful American saxophonists to earn prominence since the 1980s, Sanborn is described by critic Scott Yannow as \"the most influential saxophonist on pop, R&B, and crossover players of the past 20 years.\" Sanborn is often identified with radio-friendly smooth jazz. However, Sanborn has expressed a disinclination for both the genre itself and his association with it.
/m/039v1	A guitarist is a person who plays the guitar. Guitarists may play a variety of guitar family instruments such as classical guitars, acoustic guitars, electric guitars, and bass guitars. Some guitarists accompany themselves on the guitar by singing or playing the harmonica.
/m/03m5111	Neymar da Silva Santos Júnior, commonly known as Neymar, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for La Liga club FC Barcelona and the Brazilian national team, as a forward or winger.\nAt the age of 19, Neymar won the 2011 South American Footballer of the Year award, after coming third in 2010. He followed this up by winning it again in 2012. In 2011 Neymar received nominations for the FIFA Ballon d'Or, where he came 10th, and the FIFA Puskás Award for Goal of the Year, which he won. He is known for his acceleration, speed, dribbling, finishing and ability with both feet. His playing style has earned him critical acclaim, with fans, media and former players drawing comparison to former Brazil forward Pelé, who has called Neymar \"an excellent player\", while Ronaldinho states \"he will be the best in the world\".\nNeymar joined Santos in 2003 and, after rising through the ranks, was promoted to their first team squad. He made his debut for Santos in 2009, and was voted the Best Young Player of the 2009 Campeonato Paulista. Further honours followed, with Neymar being voted best player as Santos won the 2010 Campeonato Paulista, and also being top scorer in the 2010 Copa do Brasil with 11 goals. He finished the 2010 season with 42 goals in 60 games as his club achieved the Double. Neymar was again voted best player of the year in 2011 as his side retained the state title and Santos also winning the 2011 Copa Libertadores in which Neymar scored 6 goals in 13 appearances. He also played a key role in securing a Continental Double for his team, Santos' first since 1963. He received the Bronze Ball in the 2011 FIFA Club World Cup, with Santos making it to the final, where they were defeated 4–0 by Barcelona.
/m/01bpn	Bertrand Arthur William Russell, 3rd Earl Russell, OM, FRS was a British nobleman, philosopher, logician, mathematician, historian, and social critic. At various points in his life he considered himself a liberal, a socialist, and a pacifist, but he also admitted that he had never been any of these in any profound sense. He was born in Monmouthshire, into one of the most prominent aristocratic families in Britain.\nRussell led the British \"revolt against idealism\" in the early 20th century. He is considered one of the founders of analytic philosophy along with his predecessor Gottlob Frege, colleague G. E. Moore, and his protégé Ludwig Wittgenstein. He is widely held to be one of the 20th century's premier logicians. With A. N. Whitehead he wrote Principia Mathematica, an attempt to create a logical basis for mathematics. His philosophical essay \"On Denoting\" has been considered a \"paradigm of philosophy\". His work has had a considerable influence on logic, mathematics, set theory, linguistics, artificial intelligence, cognitive science, computer science, and philosophy, especially philosophy of language, epistemology, and metaphysics.
/m/0frf6	Clinton County is a county located in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2010 census, the population was 39,238. Its county seat is Lock Haven. Its name is in honor of the seventh Governor of New York State, DeWitt Clinton, however some sources suggest the namesake is Henry Clinton.\nClinton County was created on June 21, 1839, from parts of Centre and Lycoming Counties. It is included in the Lock Haven, Pennsylvania, Micropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/03061d	Dylan McDermott is an American actor. He is best known for his role as lawyer and law firm head Bobby Donnell on the legal drama series The Practice, which earned him a Golden Globe and an Emmy Award nomination. He is also well known for his roles in the first two seasons of American Horror Story, entitled American Horror Story: Murder House and American Horror Story: Asylum portraying Dr. Ben Harmon and Johnny Morgan, respectively. He also starred as Lt. Carter Shaw on the TNT series Dark Blue, and FBI Special Agent Duncan Carlisle in the CBS drama series Hostages.
/m/0m24v	Coconino County is a county located in the north central part of the U.S. state of Arizona. It is part of the Flagstaff, Arizona Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 134,421 at the 2010 census. The county seat is Flagstaff. It is the second largest county by land area in the 48 contiguous United States, behind San Bernardino County, California, with its 18,661 square miles making it larger than each of the nine smallest states.\nCoconino County contains Grand Canyon National Park, the Havasupai Nation, and parts of the Navajo Nation, Hualapai Nation, and Hopi Nation. It takes its name from Cosnino, a name applied to the Havasupai.\nCoconino County was the setting for George Herriman's early-20th-century Krazy Kat comic strip.\nCoconino County has a relatively large Native American population at nearly 30% of the county's total population, being mostly Navajo with smaller numbers of Havasupai, Hopi, and others.
/m/03qx_f	Asylum Records is an American record label founded in 1971 by David Geffen and partner Elliot Roberts, who had previously worked as agents at the William Morris Agency. Founded specifically to provide a record contract for Jackson Browne, the label signed Linda Ronstadt, The Eagles, Tom Waits, Joni Mitchell, and Bob Dylan for two albums. It was taken over by Warner Communications in 1976, and later merged with Elektra Records to become Elektra/Asylum Records.\nAfter various incarnations, today it is geared primarily towards hip-hop, along with rock and alternative metal. It is owned by Warner Music Group, and is currently distributed through Warner Bros. Records.
/m/01qs54	County Meath is a county in Ireland. It is part of the Mid-East Region and is also located in the province of Leinster. It is named after the ancient Kingdom of Meath. Meath County Council is the local authority for the county. The population of the county is 184,135 according to the 2011 census.
/m/027dpx	Michael Stephen \"Mike\" Portnoy is an American drummer primarily known as the former drummer, backing vocalist, and a co-founder of the progressive metal band Dream Theater. Known for his technical skill as a drummer, Portnoy has won 26 awards from the Modern Drummer magazine. He co-produced six Dream Theater albums with guitarist John Petrucci, starting from Metropolis Pt. 2: Scenes from a Memory through Black Clouds and Silver Linings. From A Change of Seasons onwards, Portnoy had been writing a significant amount of Dream Theater's lyrics. He is the second youngest person to be inducted into the Modern Drummer's Hall of Fame.\nBesides his work with Dream Theater, Portnoy is known for his many side projects and tribute bands. He is a founding member of Liquid Tension Experiment, an instrumental progressive rock band featuring fellow Dream Theater members John Petrucci and Jordan Rudess along with bassist Tony Levin. He is also a founding member of Transatlantic, a progressive rock \"super-group\" featuring former Spock's Beard keyboardist/vocalist Neal Morse, Flower Kings guitarist Roine Stolt and Marillion bassist Pete Trewavas. Portnoy has also recorded and/or toured/performed live with Neal Morse, OSI, Hail!, Stone Sour, Fates Warning, Overkill, G3 and played on Avenged Sevenfold's album Nightmare in place of their late drummer, The Rev. Over the years, Portnoy has also created tribute bands to The Beatles, Led Zeppelin, Rush, and The Who, which has allowed him to perform the music of his four favorite drummers.
/m/01zst8	Windsor is a town and unparished area in the Royal Borough of Windsor and Maidenhead in Berkshire, England. It is widely known as the site of Windsor Castle, one of the official residences of the British Royal Family.\nThe town is situated 21 miles west of Charing Cross, London. It is immediately south of the River Thames, which forms its boundary with Eton. The village of Old Windsor, just over 2 miles to the south, predates what is now called Windsor by around 300 years; in the past Windsor was formally referred to as New Windsor to distinguish the two.
/m/029j_	DVD is a digital optical disc storage format, invented and developed by Philips, Sony, Toshiba, and Panasonic in 1995. DVDs offer higher storage capacity than compact discs while having the same dimensions.\nPre-recorded DVDs are mass-produced using molding machines that physically stamp data onto the DVD. Such discs are known as DVD-ROM, because data can only be read and not written or erased. Blank recordable DVD discs can be recorded once using a DVD recorder and then function as a DVD-ROM. Rewritable DVDs can be recorded and erased multiple times.\nDVDs are used in DVD-Video consumer digital video format and in DVD-Audio consumer digital audio format, as well as for authoring DVD discs written in a special AVCHD format to hold high definition material. DVDs containing other types of information may be referred to as DVD data discs.
/m/04wqsm	Deportivo Toluca Fútbol Club is a Mexican professional football club. Toluca's stadium Nemesio Díez Riega is located in Toluca, State of Mexico in Mexico. Toluca plays in the Liga MX and has been champion ten times. The owner is Valentín Díez.
/m/0kvgxk	The Ice Storm is a 1997 American drama film directed by Ang Lee, based on the 1994 novel of the same name by Rick Moody.\nThe film features an ensemble cast of Kevin Kline, Joan Allen, Tobey Maguire, Christina Ricci, Elijah Wood, and Sigourney Weaver. Set during Thanksgiving 1973, The Ice Storm is about two dysfunctional New Canaan, Connecticut families who are trying to deal with tumultuous political and social changes of the early 1970s, and their escapism through alcohol, adultery, and sexual experimentation.\nUpon the film's opening in the United States on October 31, 1997, its release was limited and grossed only US$8 million on a budget of US$18 million, making it a box office flop. A new special two-disc DVD set was also released as a part of the Criterion Collection on March 18, 2008.
/m/0cf2h	Spencer Bonaventure Tracy was an American actor. Respected for his natural style and versatility, Tracy was one of the major stars of Hollywood's Golden Age. In a screen career that spanned 37 years, he was nominated for nine Academy Awards for Best Actor and won two, sharing the record for nominations in that category with Laurence Olivier.\nTracy discovered his talent for acting while attending Ripon College, and later received a scholarship for the American Academy of Dramatic Arts. He spent seven years in the theatre, working in a succession of stock companies and intermittently on Broadway. Tracy's breakthrough came in 1930, when his lead performance in The Last Mile caught the attention of Hollywood. After a successful film debut in Up the River, Tracy was signed to a contract with Fox Film Corporation. His five years with Fox were unremarkable, and he remained largely unknown to audiences after 25 films. In 1935, Tracy joined Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Hollywood's most prestigious studio. His career flourished with a series of hit films, and in 1937 and 1938 he won consecutive Oscars for Captains Courageous and Boys Town. By the 1940s, Tracy was one of the studio's top stars. In 1942 he appeared with Katharine Hepburn in Woman of the Year, beginning a popular partnership that produced nine movies over 25 years.
/m/0xkq4	Englewood is a city located in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, the city had a total population of 27,147, reflecting an increase of 944 from the 26,203 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn increased by 1,353 from the 24,850 counted in the 1990 Census.\nEnglewood was incorporated as a city by an Act of the New Jersey Legislature on March 17, 1899, from portions of Ridgefield Township and the remaining portions of Englewood Township. With the creation of the City of Englewood, Englewood Township was dissolved. An earlier referendum on March 10, 1896, was declared unconstitutional.
/m/06_x996	Up in the Air is a 2009 American drama film directed by Jason Reitman and co-written by Reitman and Sheldon Turner. It is a film adaptation of the 2001 novel of the same name, written by Walter Kirn. The story is about a corporate downsizer and his travels. The film follows his isolated life and philosophies along with the people that he meets along the way. Filming was primarily in St. Louis, Missouri, which substituted for a number of other cities shown in the film. Several scenes were also filmed in Detroit, Michigan, Omaha, Nebraska, Las Vegas, Nevada, and Miami, Florida.
/m/07k2x	Toho Co., Ltd. is a Japanese film, theater production, and distribution company. It is headquartered in Yūrakuchō, Chiyoda, Tokyo, and is one of the core companies of the Hankyu Hanshin Toho Group. Outside Japan, it is best known as the producer and distributor of many kaiju and tokusatsu movies, the Chouseishin tokusatsu superhero TV franchise, the films of Akira Kurosawa, and the anime films of Studio Ghibli. Other famous directors, including Yasujirō Ozu, Kenji Mizoguchi, Masaki Kobayashi and Mikio Naruse have also directed films for Toho. Its most famous worldwide creation is Godzilla, known as the \"King of all Monsters\" and featured in 29 films. Godzilla, Mothra, King Ghidorah, Mechagodzilla, and Rodan are described as being Toho's \"Big Five\" due to the monsters' numerous appearances in all three eras of the franchise, as well as spin-offs. Toho has also been involved in the production of numerous anime titles. Its subdivisions are Toho Pictures Incorporated, Toho International Company Limited, Toho E. B. Company Limited, Toho Music Corporation & Toho Costume Company Limited. The company is the largest shareholder of Fuji Media Holdings Inc.
/m/025sh_8	The Washington metropolitan area is the metropolitan area centered on Washington, D.C., the capital of the United States. The area includes all of the federal district and parts of the U.S. states of Maryland and Virginia, along with a small portion of West Virginia.\nThe U.S. Office of Management and Budget defines the area as the Washington–Arlington–Alexandria, DC–VA–MD–WV metropolitan statistical area, a metropolitan statistical area used for statistical purposes by the United States Census Bureau and other agencies. The area includes as its principal cities Washington as well as the Virginia county of Arlington and city of Alexandria. The Office of Management and Budget also includes the metropolitan statistical area as part of the larger Baltimore–Washington metropolitan area, which has a population of 9,331,587 as of the 2012 Census Estimate.\nThe area is also sometimes referred to as the National Capital Region, particularly by federal agencies such as the Department of Homeland Security. Another term used to describe the region is the DC Area. The area in the region that is surrounded by Interstate 495 is also referred to as being \"inside the Beltway\".\nThe Washington metropolitan area is the most educated and, by some measures, the most affluent metropolitan area in the United States. As of the 2012 U.S. Census Bureau estimate, the population of the Washington metropolitan area was estimated to be 5,860,342, making it the largest metropolitan area in the Census' Southeast region and the seventh-largest metropolitan area in the country.
/m/0797c7	Citadel Broadcasting Corporation was a Las Vegas, Nevada-based broadcast holding company. Citadel owned 243 radio stations across the United States and was the third-largest radio station owner in the country. Only Clear Channel Communications and Cumulus Media owned more stations prior to Citadel's merger with Cumulus.\nOn March 10, 2011, Cumulus Media announced that it would purchase Citadel Broadcasting. After receiving conditional regulatory approval from the Department of Justice and the Federal Communications Commission, the deal was approved by Citadel shareholders on September 15, 2011. The merger of the two companies closed on September 16, 2011, and Citadel became an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Cumulus Media.
/m/0b2lw	Saint Paul is the capital and second-most populous city of the U.S. state of Minnesota. As of 2012, the city's estimated population was 290,770. Saint Paul is the county seat of Ramsey County, the smallest and most densely populated county in Minnesota. The city lies mostly on the east bank of the Mississippi River in the area surrounding its point of confluence with the Minnesota River, and adjoins Minneapolis, the state's largest city. Known as the \"Twin Cities,\" the two form the core of Minneapolis–Saint Paul, the 16th-largest metropolitan area in the United States, with about 3.45 million residents.\nFounded near historic Native American settlements as a trading and transportation center, the city rose to prominence when it was named the capital of the Minnesota Territory in 1849. Though Minneapolis is better-known nationally, Saint Paul contains the state government and other important institutions. Regionally, the city is known for the Xcel Energy Center, home of the Minnesota Wild, and for the Science Museum of Minnesota. As a business hub of the Upper Midwest, it is the headquarters of companies such as Ecolab. Saint Paul, along with its Twin City, Minneapolis, is known for its high literacy rate. It was the only city in the United States with a population of 250,000 or more to see an increase in circulation of Sunday newspapers in 2007.
/m/01vrwfv	Chicago is an American rock band formed in 1967 in Chicago, Illinois. The self-described \"rock and roll band with horns\" began as a politically charged, sometimes experimental, rock band and later moved to a predominantly softer sound, generating several hit ballads. The group had a steady stream of hits throughout the 1970s and 1980s. Second only to The Beach Boys in Billboard singles and albums chart success among American bands, Chicago is one of the longest-running and most successful rock groups in history.\nAccording to Billboard, Chicago was the leading US singles charting group during the 1970s. They have sold over 38 million units in the US, with 22 gold, 18 platinum, and 8 multi-platinum albums. Over the course of their career they have had five number-one albums and 21 top-ten singles.
/m/0fjfh	Capsicum is a genus of flowering plants in the nightshade family Solanaceae. Its species are native to the Americas, where they have been cultivated for thousands of years. In modern times, it is cultivated worldwide, and has become a key element in many regional cuisines. In addition to use as spices and food vegetables, capsicum has also found use in medicines.\nThe fruit of Capsicum plants have a variety of names depending on place and type. The piquant variety are commonly called chili peppers, or simply \"chilies\". The large mild form is called red pepper, green pepper or bell pepper in North America and typically just \"capsicum\" in New Zealand, Australia, and India. The fruit is called paprika in some other countries.\nThe generic name is derived from the Greek word κάπτω, meaning \"to bite\" or \"to swallow.\" The name \"pepper\" came into use because of their similar flavour to the condiment black pepper, Piper nigrum, although there is no botanical relationship with this plant, or with Sichuan pepper. The original Mexican term, chilli came from the Nahuatl word chilli or xilli, referring to a larger Capsicum variety cultivated at least since 3000 BC, as evidenced by remains found in pottery from Puebla and Oaxaca.
/m/03_gx	Judaism is the religion, philosophy and way of life of the Jewish people. Judaism is a monotheistic religion, with its foundational text, the Torah, and supplemental oral tradition represented by later texts such as the Mishnah and the Talmud. Judaism is considered by religious Jews to be the expression of the covenantal relationship God established with the Children of Israel.\nJudaism includes a wide corpus of texts, practices, theological positions, and forms of organization. Within Judaism there are a variety of movements, most of which emerged from Rabbinic Judaism, which holds that God revealed his laws and commandments to Moses on Mount Sinai in the form of both the Written and Oral Torah. Historically, this assertion was challenged by various groups such as the Sadducees and Hellenistic Judaism during the Second Temple period; the Karaites and Sabbateans during the early and later medieval period; and among segments of the modern reform movements. Liberal movements in modern times such as Humanistic Judaism may be nontheistic. Today, the largest Jewish religious movements are Orthodox Judaism, Conservative Judaism and Reform Judaism. Major sources of difference between these groups are their approaches to Jewish law, the authority of the Rabbinic tradition, and the significance of the State of Israel. Orthodox Judaism maintains that the Torah and Jewish law are divine in origin, eternal and unalterable, and that they should be strictly followed. Conservative and Reform Judaism are more liberal, with Conservative Judaism generally promoting a more \"traditional\" interpretation of Judaism's requirements than Reform Judaism. A typical Reform position is that Jewish law should be viewed as a set of general guidelines rather than as a set of restrictions and obligations whose observance is required of all Jews. Historically, special courts enforced Jewish law; today, these courts still exist but the practice of Judaism is mostly voluntary. Authority on theological and legal matters is not vested in any one person or organization, but in the sacred texts and rabbis and scholars who interpret them.
/m/024d8w	Kilmarnock Football Club, most commonly known amongst fans as Killie is a Scottish football team based in the town of Kilmarnock, East Ayrshire. The current manager of the club is Allan Johnston. Kilmarnock FC currently competes in the Scottish Premiership which is the highest competition in Scottish football. Throughout the club's history, many accolades and honours have been won by the club – most recently in 2012 where the team was crowned champions of the 2011–12 Scottish League Cup in a historic win over Celtic F.C. 1–0 under then manager Kenny Sheils.\nThe club have qualified for European competitions on nine occasions, their best performance coming in the 1966–67 Fairs Cup when they progressed to the semi-finals, eventually being eliminated by Leeds United. The club is also one of only a few Scottish clubs to have played in all three European competitions.\nThe club, which was founded in 1869 is the oldest club currently in the Scottish Premiership. Home matches are played at Rugby Park. Kilmarnock took part in the first ever official match in the Scottish Cup against the now defunct Renton in 1873.
/m/04g3p5	Edward M. Zwick is an American filmmaker and film producer noted for his films about social and racial issues. He has been described as a \"throwback to an earlier era, an extremely cerebral director whose movies consistently feature fully rounded characters, difficult moral issues, and plots that thrive on the ambiguity of authority.\"
/m/0h1_w	Fredric March was an American stage and film actor. He won the Academy Award for Best Actor in 1932 for Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and in 1947 for The Best Years of Our Lives. March is the only actor to win both the Academy Award and the Tony Award twice.
/m/01vsy7t	David Robert Jones, known by his stage name David Bowie, is an English musician, singer-songwriter, record producer, actor and arranger. Bowie has been a major figure in the world of popular music for over four decades, and is renowned as an innovator, particularly for his work in the 1970s. He is known for his distinctive voice as well as the intellectual depth and eclecticism of his work.\nBowie first caught the eye and ear of the public in July 1969, when his song \"Space Oddity\" reached the top five of the UK Singles Chart. After a three-year period of experimentation he re-emerged in 1972 during the glam rock era with the flamboyant, androgynous alter ego Ziggy Stardust, spearheaded by the hit single \"Starman\" and the album The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars. Bowie's impact at that time, as described by biographer David Buckley, \"challenged the core belief of the rock music of its day\" and \"created perhaps the biggest cult in popular culture.\" The relatively short-lived Ziggy persona proved merely one facet of a career marked by continual reinvention, musical innovation and striking visual presentation.\nIn 1975, Bowie achieved his first major American crossover success with the number-one single \"Fame\" and the hit album Young Americans, which the singer characterised as \"plastic soul\". The sound constituted a radical shift in style that initially alienated many of his UK devotees. He then confounded the expectations of both his record label and his American audiences by recording the minimalist album Low —the first of three collaborations with Brian Eno over the next two years. These so-called \"Berlin Trilogy\" albums all reached the UK top five and received lasting critical praise. After uneven commercial success in the late 1970s, Bowie had UK number ones with the 1980 single \"Ashes to Ashes\", its parent album Scary Monsters, and \"Under Pressure\", a 1981 collaboration with Queen. He then reached a new commercial peak in 1983 with Let's Dance, which yielded several hit singles. Throughout the 1990s and 2000s, Bowie continued to experiment with musical styles, including blue-eyed soul, industrial, adult contemporary, and jungle. He has not toured since the 2003–04 Reality Tour and has not performed live since 2006. Bowie's latest studio album The Next Day was released in March 2013.
/m/017jd9	The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King is a 2003 epic fantasy film directed by Peter Jackson based on the second and third volumes of J. R. R. Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings. It is the third and concluding installment in The Lord of the Rings film trilogy, following The Fellowship of the Ring and The Two Towers.\nAs Sauron launches the final stages of his conquest of Middle-earth, Gandalf the Wizard and Théoden King of Rohan rally their forces to help defend Gondor's capital Minas Tirith from the looming threat. Aragorn finally claims the throne of Gondor and, with the aid of Legolas the Elf and Gimli the Dwarf summons the army of the Dead to help him defeat Sauron. Ultimately, even with full strength of arms, they realize they cannot win; so it comes down to the Hobbits, Frodo and Sam, to bear the burden of the Ring and deal with the treachery of Gollum. After a long journey they finally arrive in the dangerous lands of Mordor, seeking to destroy the One Ring in the place it was created, the volcanic fires of Mount Doom.\nReleased on 17 December 2003, The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King received rave reviews and became one of the greatest critical and box-office successes of all time, being only the second film to gross $1 billion worldwide, becoming the highest grossing film from New Line Cinema, as well as the biggest financial success for Time Warner in general, until Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 2 surpassed The Return of the King's final gross in 2011. The film was the highest-grossing film of 2003. Notably, it won all eleven Academy Awards for which it was nominated, therefore holding the record for highest Oscar sweep. The wins included the awards for Best Picture, the first and only time a fantasy film has done so; it was also the second sequel to win a Best Picture Oscar and Best Director. The film is tied for largest number of Academy Awards won with Ben-Hur and Titanic.
/m/0b_75k	The 1998 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament involved 64 schools playing in single-elimination play to determine the national champion of men's NCAA Division I college basketball. It began on March 12, 1998, and ended with the championship game on March 30 at the Alamodome in San Antonio, Texas. A total of 63 games were played.\nThe Final Four consisted of Kentucky, making their third consecutive Final Four, Stanford, making their first appearance since their initial Final Four run in 1942, Utah, making their fourth Final Four and first since 1966, and North Carolina, who returned for a fourteenth overall time and third in four seasons.\nKentucky won the national title, its second in three seasons and seventh overall, by defeating Utah 78-69 in the championship game.\nJeff Sheppard of Kentucky was named the tournament's Most Outstanding Player. Kentucky came back from double-digit deficits in each of its last three games in the tournament, including a 17 point second half comeback against the Blue Devils of Duke, leading to the school's fans dubbing the team the \"Comeback Cats\". This was Kentucky's third straight championship game appearance.
/m/0cc63l	David Dhawan is an Indian film director. He studied at the Film and Television Institute of India, Pune.
/m/01l5rz	Grimsby is a seaport on the Humber Estuary in Lincolnshire, England. It has been the administrative centre of the unitary authority area of North East Lincolnshire since 1996.
/m/03_gd	James Francis Cameron is a Canadian film director, film producer, deep-sea explorer, screenwriter, and editor who has directed the two biggest box office films of all time. He first found success with the science-fiction hit The Terminator. He then became a popular Hollywood director and was hired to write and direct Aliens; three years later he followed up with The Abyss.\nHe found further critical acclaim for his use of special effects in Terminator 2: Judgment Day. After his film True Lies Cameron took on his biggest film at the time, Titanic, which earned him Academy Awards for Best Picture, Best Director and Film Editing. After Titanic, Cameron began a project that took almost 10 years to make: his science-fiction epic Avatar, for which he received the three same Academy Award nominations. In the time between making Titanic and Avatar, Cameron spent several years creating many documentary films and co-developed the digital 3D Fusion Camera System. Described by a biographer as part-scientist and part-artist, Cameron has also contributed to underwater filming and remote vehicle technologies. On March 26, 2012, Cameron reached the bottom of the Mariana Trench, the deepest part of the ocean, in the Deepsea Challenger submersible. He is the first person to do this in a solo descent, and is only the third person to do so ever.
/m/01vrncs	Bob Dylan is an American musician, singer-songwriter, artist, and writer. He has been an influential figure in popular music and culture for more than five decades. Much of his most celebrated work dates from the 1960s, when he was an informal chronicler and a seemingly reluctant figurehead of social unrest. A number of Dylan's early songs, such as \"Blowin' in the Wind\" and \"The Times They Are a-Changin'\", became anthems for the US civil rights and anti-war movements. Leaving behind his initial base in the culture of the folk music revival, Dylan's six-minute single \"Like a Rolling Stone\" radically altered the parameters of popular music in 1965. His recordings employing electric instruments attracted denunciation and criticism from others in the folk movement.\nDylan's lyrics have incorporated a variety of political, social, philosophical, and literary influences. They defied existing pop music conventions and appealed hugely to the then burgeoning counterculture. Initially inspired by the performance style of Little Richard, and the songwriting of Woody Guthrie, Robert Johnson, and Hank Williams, Dylan has both amplified and personalized musical genres. His recording career, spanning fifty years, has explored many of the traditions in American song—from folk, blues, and country to gospel, rock and roll, and rockabilly to English, Scottish, and Irish folk music, embracing even jazz and swing. Dylan performs with guitar, keyboards, and harmonica. Backed by a changing line-up of musicians, he has toured steadily since the late 1980s on what has been dubbed the Never Ending Tour. His accomplishments as a recording artist and performer have been central to his career, but his greatest contribution is generally considered his songwriting.
/m/0h1_c	Valine is an α-amino acid with the chemical formula HO2CCHCH(CH3)2. L-Valine is one of 20 proteinogenic amino acids. Its codons are GUU, GUC, GUA, and GUG. This essential amino acid is classified as nonpolar. Human dietary sources are any proteinaceous foods such as meats, dairy products, soy products, beans and legumes.\nAlong with leucine and isoleucine, valine is a branched-chain amino acid. It is named after the plant valerian. In sickle-cell disease, valine substitutes for the hydrophilic amino acid glutamic acid in hemoglobin. Because valine is hydrophobic, the hemoglobin is prone to abnormal aggregation.
/m/0yl_j	Keble College is one of the constituent colleges of the University of Oxford in England. Its main buildings are on Parks Road, opposite the University Museum and the University Parks. The college is bordered to the north by Keble Road, to the south by Museum Road, and to the west by Blackhall Road.\nKeble was established in 1870, having been built as a monument to John Keble. John Keble had been a leading member of the Oxford Movement, which sought to stress the Catholic nature of the Church of England. Consequently, the College traditionally placed a considerable emphasis on theological teaching, although this has long since ceased to be the case. In the period after the second World War the trends were towards scientific courses and eventually co-education for men and women from 1979 onwards. As originally constituted it was for men only and the fellows were mostly bachelors resident in the college.\nIt remains distinctive for its once-controversial neo-gothic red-brick buildings designed by William Butterfield. The buildings are also notable for breaking from Oxbridge tradition by arranging rooms along corridors rather than around staircases..
/m/03j70t	Football Club Copenhagen is a professional Danish football club in Copenhagen, Denmark. F.C. Copenhagen plays in the Danish Superliga and is one of the most successful clubs in Danish football: it is also the highest-ranking Scandinavian club in the UEFA team rankings list, currently the 45th best club in Europe. The club is also currently ranked as the 43rd best club in the world by the IFFHS. F.C. Copenhagen has won ten Danish Superliga championships, five Danish Cup trophies, and the Scandinavian tournament Royal League twice.\nThey qualified for the 2006–07 edition of the UEFA Champions League, the first time in the club's history. Three years later they became the first Danish club to ever reach the knockout stage of the Champions League. Copenhagen was founded in 1992, through the amalgamation of fifteen-time Danish football champions Kjøbenhavns Boldklub and seven-time Danish football champions Boldklubben 1903. Copenhagen plays its matches at the Parken Stadium, which also serves as the venue for Denmark national football team matches. Since its founding, Copenhagen has had a fierce rivalry with Copenhagen suburban club Brøndby IF, and the so-called \"New Firm\" games between the two sides have attracted some of the biggest crowds in Danish football history.
/m/0285m87	The Kingdom of Portugal and the Algarves, was Portugal's general designation under its monarchy. The kingdom was located in the west of the Iberian Peninsula, Europe and existed from 1139 to 1910. The monarchy in Portugal was abolished and replaced by the First Portuguese Republic after the 5 October 1910 revolution.
/m/02glmx	The 76th Academy Awards ceremony, presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, honored the best films of 2003 and took place on February 29, 2004, at the Kodak Theatre in Hollywood, Los Angeles beginning at 5:30 p.m. PST / 8:30 p.m. EST. During the ceremony, AMPAS presented Academy Awards in 24 categories. The ceremony, televised in the United States by ABC, was produced by Joe Roth and was directed by Louis J. Horvitz. Actor Billy Crystal hosted for the eighth time. He first presided over the 62nd ceremony held in 1990 and had last hosted the 72nd ceremony held in 2000. Two weeks earlier in a ceremony at The Ritz-Carlton Huntington Hotel & Spa in Pasadena, California held on February 14, the Academy Awards for Technical Achievement were presented by host Jennifer Garner.\nThe Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King won a record-tying eleven awards including Best Director for Peter Jackson and Best Picture. Other winners included Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World and Mystic River with two awards and The Barbarian Invasions, Chernobyl Heart, Cold Mountain, Finding Nemo, The Fog of War: Eleven Lessons from the Life of Robert S. McNamara, Harvie Krumpet, Lost in Translation, Monster, and Two Soldiers with one. The telecast garnered nearly 44 million viewers, making it the most-watched telecast in four years.
/m/03pzf	Hamilton is a port city in the Canadian province of Ontario. Conceived by George Hamilton when he purchased the Durand farm shortly after the War of 1812, Hamilton has become the centre of a densely populated and industrialized region at the west end of Lake Ontario known as the Golden Horseshoe. On January 1, 2001, the new City of Hamilton was formed through the amalgamation of the former city and the other constituent lower-tier municipalities of the Regional Municipality of Hamilton-Wentworth with the upper-tier regional government. Residents of the old city are known as Hamiltonians. Since 1981, the metropolitan area has been listed as the ninth largest in Canada and the third largest in Ontario.\nHamilton is home to the shared Royal Botanical Gardens, the Canadian Warplane Heritage Museum, the Bruce Trail, McMaster University and Mohawk College. The Canadian Football Hall of Fame can be found downtown right beside Hamilton City Hall and across town to the east, the Canadian Football League's Hamilton Tiger-Cats will begin playing at the new Tim Hortons Field in 2014, which is being built as part of the 2015 Pan American Games.
/m/08g_jw	The Namesake is a 2006 film which was released in the United States on March 9, 2007, following screenings at film festivals in Toronto and New York City. It was directed by Mira Nair and is based upon the novel of the same name by Jhumpa Lahiri, who appeared in the movie. Sooni Taraporevala adapted the novel to a screenplay. The film received positive reviews from American critics.
/m/0drrw	Broome County is a county located in the U.S. state of New York. As of the 2010 census, the population was 200,600. It was named in honor of John Broome, who was lieutenant governor in 1806 when Broome County was established. Its county seat is Binghamton, which is also its major city. The current county executive is Debra A. Preston. Broome County is also home to Binghamton University, one of four university centers in the SUNY system.\nBroome County is part of the Binghamton Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/025ts_z	24: Redemption is a television film based on the series 24. It first aired on November 23, 2008, on Fox in the United States, and was released to DVD on November 25. The film was written by executive producer Howard Gordon and was directed by Jon Cassar. 24: Redemption takes place sometime between the sixth and seventh seasons, in real time between 3:00 pm and 5:00 pm on Inauguration Day in the United States.\nThe main setting is Sangala, a fictional African country, where Jack Bauer tries to find peace with himself, and works as a missionary with Carl Benton, who built the Okavango school to aid war orphans. Bauer is served a subpoena to appear before the United States Senate regarding human rights violations, but refuses to go, and a shadow organization among the United States government aids General Juma and his militia in a coup d'etat.\nThe working title was 24: Exile. The concept of the film started since the 2007–2008 Writers Guild of America strike, which delayed the seventh season for a year thus leaving a gap in the series during 2008. Redemption was somewhat inspired by the Rwandan Genocide in 1994. The majority of Redemption was filmed on location outside Cape Town, South Africa since it was difficult to mimic an authentic African scenery in America.
/m/01gw4f	Talia Shire is an American actress most known for her roles as Connie Corleone in The Godfather films and Adrian Balboa in the Rocky series.
/m/07y8l9	John Michael Higgins is an American actor whose film credits include Christopher Guest's mockumentaries, the role of David Letterman in HBO's The Late Shift, and a starring role in the American version of Kath & Kim. He recently portrayed Peter Lovett in the TV Land original sitcom Happily Divorced.
/m/03j70d	Maccabi Tel Aviv Football Club is an Israeli football club and part of the Maccabi Tel Aviv sports club. It is one of the oldest clubs in Israeli football, and is the most successful club in Israeli football history with 19 championships, 22 national cups, 2 Asian Champions Cups, and 3 league cups. Maccabi has won the championship and the cup in the same season seven times, and are the only club in Israel never to have played outside the top division. Maccabi has been crowned as the Israeli football league champions for the current season 2012–13.
/m/015q43	Julie Frances Christie is a British actress. A pop icon of the \"swinging London\" era of the 1960s, she has won the Academy, Golden Globe, BAFTA, and Screen Actors Guild Awards.\nChristie's breakthrough film role was in Billy Liar. In 1965, she won an Academy Award for Best Actress for her performance as Diana Scott in Darling. That same year, she starred as Lara Antipova in Doctor Zhivago, the eighth highest grossing film of all time after adjustment for inflation. In the following years, she starred in Fahrenheit 451, Far from the Madding Crowd, Petulia, The Go-Between, McCabe & Mrs. Miller, Don't Look Now, Shampoo, and Heaven Can Wait.\nFrom the early 1980s, Christie reduced her appearances in mainstream films. She has continued to receive significant critical recognition for her work, including Oscar nominations for the independent films Afterglow and Away from Her.
/m/04954	Kevin Norwood Bacon is an American actor and musician whose notable roles include National Lampoon's Animal House, Friday the 13th, Diner, Footloose, Flatliners, Tremors, Wild Things, JFK, A Few Good Men, The River Wild, Murder in the First, Apollo 13, Stir of Echoes, Hollow Man, Trapped, Mystic River, The Woodsman, Death Sentence, Frost/Nixon, and X-Men: First Class. He currently stars on the Fox television series The Following.\nBacon has won a Golden Globe Award, three Screen Actors Guild Awards, and was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award. He was named by The Guardian as one of the best actors never to have received an Academy Award nomination. In 2003, Bacon received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
/m/06pqy_	AGOVV Apeldoorn is a Dutch football club from the city of Apeldoorn, established in 1913.\nThe club was founded on 25 February 1913, as AGOSV, which stood for Apeldoornse Geheel Onthoudersvoetbalvereniging Steeds Voorwaarts. When the club joined the football association of Gelderland, the club had to change its name, because there was another club called Steeds Voorwaarts. The name was changed to AGOVV, or Apeldoornse Geheel Onthouders Voetbalvereniging, which means Apeldoorn football club for teetotallers. The meaning of the abbreviation has since been altered. AGOVV has become Alleen Gezamenlijk Oefenen Voert Verder.\nAGOVV became a professional club in 1954, and returned to the amateur ranks in 1971 due to financial problems. On 1 July 2003, AGOVV returned to the Dutch professional league, when it was re-admitted to the Eerste Divisie. In the 2003/2004 season, forward Klaas-Jan Huntelaar became top scorer of the Eerste Divisie with 26 goals. On 11 January 2013, the professional section of AGOVV was declared bankrupt and was thus according to Dutch league rules excluded from competition, with all its previous results in the ongoing competition expunged. The professional club in its current form ceased to exist, with all its players becoming free agents. The amateur section of AGOVV is continuing in the amateur leagues, they are currently playing in the Tweede Klasse which is the sixth level of Dutch football.
/m/03vrv9	Frederick Robert \"Fred\" Williamson, nicknamed \"The Hammer\" is an American actor and former professional American football defensive back who played mainly in the American Football League during the 1960s. He has black belts in Kenpo, Shotokan Karate, and Tae-Kwon-Do.\nSince 1997 Williamson has had a home in Palm Springs, California.
/m/01fm07	Neo soul is a term coined by music industry entrepreneur Kedar Massenburg during the late 1990s to market and describe a style of music that emerged from soul and contemporary R&B. Heavily based in soul music, neo soul is distinguished by a less conventional sound than its contemporary R&B counterpart, with incorporated elements ranging from jazz, funk, and hip hop to pop, fusion, and African music. It has been noted by music writers for its traditional R&B influences, conscious-driven lyrics, and strong female presence.\nDeveloped in the United States and United Kingdom during the 1980s and early 1990s as a soul \"revival\" movement, neo soul emerged into the mainstream with the commercial and critical breakthroughs of several neo soul artists during the 1990s, as it was marketed as an alternative to the producer-driven, digitally approached R&B of the time. Since its initial mainstream popularity and impact on the sound of contemporary R&B, it has been expanded and diversified musically through the works of both African-American and international artists. According to Mark Anthony Neal, \"neo-soul and its various incarnations has helped to redefine the boundaries and contours of black pop\".
/m/0dsb_yy	Laura Elizabeth Carmichael is a British actress.
/m/0306ds	Lisa Gay Hamilton is an American film, television, and theater actress known for her role as attorney Rebecca Washington on the ABC legal drama The Practice, and for her critically acclaimed performance as young Sethe in Jonathan Demme's film adaptation of Toni Morrison's Beloved. Her theater credits include Measure for Measure, Henry IV Parts I & II, Athol Fugard’s, Valley Song and The Ohio State Murders. Hamilton was also an original cast member in the Broadway productions of August Wilson’s, The Piano Lesson and Gem of the Ocean.
/m/0jgxn	A psychologist evaluates, diagnoses, treats, and studies behavior and mental processes. Some psychologists, such as clinical and counseling psychologists, provide mental health care, and some psychologists, such as social or organizational psychologists conduct research and provide consultation services..\nClinical, counseling, and school psychologists who work with patients in a variety of therapeutic contexts.\nIndustrial/organizational and community psychologists who apply psychological research, theories and techniques to \"real-world\" problems, questions and issues in business, industry, social benefit organizations, and government.\nAcademics conducting psychological research or teaching psychology in a college or university;\nThere are many different types of psychologists, as is reflected by the 56 different divisions of the American Psychological Association. Psychologists are generally described as being either \"applied\" or \"research-oriented\". The common terms used to describe this central division in psychology are \"scientists\" or \"scholars\" and \"practitioners\" or \"professionals\". The training models endorsed by the APA require that applied psychologists be trained as both researchers and practitioners, and that they possess advanced degrees.
/m/07swvb	Kristen Jaymes Stewart (born April 9, 1990) is an American actress. She is best known for playing Bella Swan in The Twilight Saga. She has also starred in films such as Panic Room (2002), Zathura (2005), In the Land of Women (2007), The Messengers (2007), Adventureland (2009) and The Runaways (2010). Kristen Stewart was born and raised in Los Angeles, California. Her father, John Stewart, is a stage manager and television producer who has worked for Fox. Her mother, Jules Mann-Stewart, is a script supervisor originally from Maroochydore, Queensland, Australia. She has an older brother, Cameron Stewart, and an adoptive brother, Taylor. Stewart attended school until the seventh grade, and then continued her education by correspondence. She has since completed high school. Her whole family all worked behind the camera, and Stewart thought she would become a writer/director, but never considered being an actor. \"I never wanted to be the center of attention – I wasn't that 'I want to be...Contactless IC card reader; 13.56M RFID reader; ID reader\r\nEmbedded contactless IC card reader; RFID Module\r\nAccess Controller; Access Reader\r\nContactless Sports timer\r\nMifare S50, S70\r\nArm 9\r\nRFID Accessory\r\nhttp://www.jinmuyu.com.cn/english/index.html
/m/0225v9	Northeastern University is a private research university located in Boston, Massachusetts. The university offers a comprehensive range of undergraduate and graduate programs leading to degrees through the doctorate in nine colleges and schools, and select advanced degrees at graduate campuses in Charlotte, North Carolina, and Seattle, Washington.\nNortheastern's main campus is situated in the Fenway, Roxbury, South End, and Back Bay neighborhoods. The university has more than 16,000 undergraduates and almost 8,000 graduate students. In 2013, three students were named Fulbright Scholars. Northeastern is categorized as a RU/H Research University by the Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education. In 2011, Northeastern opened the George J. Kostas Research Institute for Homeland Security.\nNortheastern's cooperative education program integrates classroom study with professional experience on seven continents. In 2012-2013, 7,968 students participated in the co-op program. 51 percent of 2012 graduates received a job offer from a previous co-op employer.\nThe Northeastern University Huskies compete in the NCAA Division I as members of Colonial Athletic Association in 14 varsity sports offered by the CAA. The men's and women's hockey teams compete in Hockey East, while the men's and women's rowing teams compete in the Eastern Association of Rowing Colleges and Eastern Association of Women's Rowing Colleges, respectively. In 2013, men's basketball won its first CAA regular season championship, men's soccer won the CAA title for the first time and women's ice hockey won a record 16th Beanpot championship.
/m/0j3d9tn	Rust and Bone is a 2012 French-Belgian romantic drama film directed by Jacques Audiard, starring Marion Cotillard and Matthias Schoenaerts, based on Craig Davidson's short story collection of the same name. It tells the story of an unemployed 25-year-old man who falls in love with a killer whale trainer. The film competed for the Palme d'Or at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival and received positive early reviews and a ten-minute standing ovation at the end of its screening. It has also been nominated for a Screen Actors Guild Award, two Golden Globes, two BAFTA Awards and nine César Awards, winning four.
/m/02rgz4	Mamoru Fujisawa, known professionally as Joe Hisaishi, is a composer and musical director known for over 100 film scores and solo albums dating back to 1981.\nWhile possessing a stylistically distinct sound, Hisaishi's music has been known to explore and incorporate different genres, including minimalist, experimental electronic, European classical, and Japanese classical. Lesser known are the other musical roles he plays; he is also a typesetter, author, arranger, and conductor.\nHe is best known for his work with animator Hayao Miyazaki, having composed scores for many of his films, including Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind, Laputa: Castle in the Sky, My Neighbor Totoro, Kiki's Delivery Service, Porco Rosso, Princess Mononoke, Spirited Away, Howl's Moving Castle, Ponyo, and The Wind Rises. He is also recognized for the soundtracks he has provided for filmmaker 'Beat' Takeshi Kitano, including A Scene at the Sea, Sonatine, Kids Return, Hana-bi, Kikujiro, and Dolls. He was a student of legendary anime composer Takeo Watanabe.
/m/028k2x	Batman Beyond is an American animated television series created by Warner Bros. Animation in collaboration with DC Comics as a continuation of the Batman legacy. Depicting teenager Terry McGinnis as a new Batman in a futuristic Gotham City under the tutelage of an elderly Bruce Wayne, the series began airing on January 10, 1999, and ended its run on December 18, 2001. After 52 episodes spanning three seasons and one direct-to-video film, the series was put on hold for the Justice League animated series, despite the network having announced plans for a fourth season.\nBatman Beyond is set in the chronological future of the DC animated universe.\nBatman Beyond is said to explore the darker side of many Batman projects, playing on key elements such as emotions, personal relations, fear of the unknown, to cyberpunk and sci-fi themed elements such as issues and dilemmas of innovation and technological and scientific progress affecting society, and to the disturbing psychological elements of the character of Bruce Wayne. As such, it was considerably darker than most other children's programs at the time, although producer Bruce Timm recalls it was conceived as a kid-friendly Batman cartoon. It is also the first Batman series to portray the hero as a teenager. IGN named the show 40th on their list of \"Top 100 Animated TV Series.\" The premise of Batman Beyond has been used in various comic book stories published by DC Comics, including an ongoing series beginning in 2011.
/m/02465	Clive Barker is an English author, film director, video game designer and visual artist best known for his work in both fantasy and horror fiction. Barker came to prominence in the mid-1980s with a series of short stories which established him as a leading young horror writer. He has since written many novels and other works, and his fiction has been adapted into motion pictures, notably the Hellraiser and Candyman series.
/m/0424mc	Experimental film or experimental cinema is a type of cinema. Experimental film is an artistic practice relieving both of visual arts and cinema. Its origins can be found in European avant-garde movements of the twenties. Experimental cinema has built its history through the texts of theoreticians like P. Adams Sitney, and its distribution process through non profit organizations like The Film-Makers' Cooperative in New York, and similar cooperatives in many other countries through the world .
/m/03ytc	Information technology is the application of computers and telecommunications equipment to store, retrieve, transmit and manipulate data, often in the context of a business or other enterprise. The term is commonly used as a synonym for computers and computer networks, but it also encompasses other information distribution technologies such as television and telephones. Several industries are associated with information technology, such as computer hardware, software, electronics, semiconductors, internet, telecom equipment, e-commerce and computer services.\nHumans have been storing, retrieving, manipulating and communicating information since the Sumerians in Mesopotamia developed writing in about 3000 BC, but the term information technology in its modern sense first appeared in a 1958 article published in the Harvard Business Review; authors Harold J. Leavitt and Thomas L. Whisler commented that \"the new technology does not yet have a single established name. We shall call it information technology.\" Their definition consists of three categories such as techniques for processing, the application of statistical and mathematical methods to decision-making and the simulation of higher-order thinking through computer programs
/m/039yzs	College basketball refers to a basketball competitive governance structure established by various collegiate athletic governing bodies including the United States' National Collegiate Athletic Association, the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics, the United States Collegiate Athletic Association, the National Junior College Athletic Association, the National Christian College Athletic Association and others. Basketball in the NCAA is divided into three divisions: Division I, Division II, and Division III. In the NAIA and NCCAA there are two divisions, while the NJCAA has three. The history of college basketball can be traced back to a YMCA International Training School, known today as Springfield College, located in Springfield, Massachusetts. The creation of basketball can be credited to a physical education teacher named James Naismith. During the winter of 1891, Naismith was given two weeks to come up with a game that would keep track athletes in shape and that could still prevent them from getting hurt. The first recorded basketball game was played on December 21, 1891 and thus college basketball had been born.
/m/02778tk	Matt Hubbard is an American television writer and screenwriter who has worked on many television shows. He graduated from Beverly High School, in Beverly, Massachusetts in the class of 1996, where he excelled in the English Department. He later went on to attend Harvard University where he was an editor for the Harvard Lampoon. He has worked as a writer on the NBC comedy series 30 Rock. He was nominated for the Writers Guild of America Award award for Best Comedic Series at the February 2009 ceremony for his work on the third season of 30 Rock. He won the 2009 Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing for a Comedy Series for his work on 30 Rock and was nominated again in 2010 and 2011.
/m/01dq9q	Eurythmics are a British music duo consisting of members Annie Lennox and David A. Stewart. They are associated with the MTV-driven Second British Invasion of the US.\nStewart and Lennox were both previously in the band The Tourists, who split in 1980 and Eurythmics were formed that year. The duo released their first album, In the Garden, in 1981 to little fanfare, but went on to achieve global success with their second album Sweet Dreams, released in 1983. The title track was a worldwide hit, topping the chart in various countries including the US. The duo went on to release a string of hit singles and albums before they split in 1990. By this time, Stewart had already embarked on a parallel music career and was also a sought-after record producer, while Lennox began a solo recording career in 1992 with her debut album Diva. After almost a decade apart, Eurythmics reformed in the late 1990s to record their ninth album, Peace, which was released in late 1999. They reunited again in 2005 to release the single \"I've Got a Life\", as part of a new Eurythmics compilation album, Ultimate Collection.\nThe duo have won a number of awards, including an MTV Video Music Award for Best New Artist in 1984, the Grammy Award for Best Rock Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal in 1987, the Brit Award for Outstanding Contribution to Music in 1999, and in 2005 were inducted into the UK Music Hall of Fame. Eurythmics have sold an estimated 75 million records worldwide.
/m/0bgrsl	Michael \"Mike\" Tollin is an American film director and film/television producer. His career highlights included Radio, Coach Carter, and Varsity Blues. He frequently collaborates with Brian Robbins in which they own a production company together called Tollin/Robbins Productions. They created and produced such shows like All That, The Amanda Show, Kenan & Kel, One Tree Hill, Smallville, What I Like About You, The Bronx is Burning, and Hank Aaron: Chasing the Dream.\nTollin was the producer of the weekly highlights show for the United States Football League, the springtime football league which played from 1983 through 1985. In 2009, he served as executive producer for the hour-long documentary Small Potatoes: Who Killed the USFL? for ESPN's 30 for 30 series. He was also part of a number of the series films, as one of the production members.\nTollin is originally from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
/m/0l2rj	San Diego County is a county located in the southwestern corner of the State of California. It is the south-westernmost county in the 48 contiguous United States. The City of San Diego is its county seat and by far the largest city in the county. According to the census of 2010, San Diego County had a population of 3,095,313 people, making it the second most populous county in California, following Los Angeles County.\nSan Diego County has 70 miles of coastline. Most of the county has a mild Mediterranean climate to semiarid climate, though there are mountains that receive frost and snow in the wintertime.\nThere are also 16 naval and military installations of the U.S. Navy, U.S. Marine Corps, and the U.S. Coast Guard in San Diego County. These include the Naval Base San Diego, Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton, Marine Corps Air Station Miramar, and Naval Air Station North Island.\nSan Diego County defines the metropolitan statistical area of San Diego-Carlsbad-San Marcos and as Greater San Diego. San Diego County is also part of the San Diego–Tijuana metropolitan area. This area has about five million people and it is the largest metropolitan area shared between the United States and Mexico.
/m/05tfm	The Pittsburgh Steelers are a professional football team based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The team currently belongs to the North Division of the American Football Conference in the National Football League. Founded in 1933, the Steelers are the oldest franchise in the AFC. Pittsburgh has won more Super Bowl titles, won more AFC Championship Games and played in and hosted more conference championship games than any other AFC or NFC team. The Steelers share the record for most Super Bowl appearances with the Dallas Cowboys. The Steelers won their most recent championship, Super Bowl XLIII, on February 1, 2009.\nThe Steelers were founded as the Pittsburgh Pirates on July 8, 1933, by Art Rooney, taking its original name from the baseball team of the same name, as was common practice for NFL teams at the time. The ownership of the Steelers has remained within the Rooney family since its founding. The current owner is Art's son, Dan Rooney, who has given much control of the franchise to his son Art Rooney II. Long one of the NFL's flagship teams, the Steelers enjoy a large, widespread fanbase nicknamed Steeler Nation. The Steelers currently play their home games at Heinz Field on Pittsburgh's North Side in the North Shore neighborhood, which also hosts the University of Pittsburgh Panthers. Built in 2001, the stadium replaced Three Rivers Stadium which hosted the Steelers for 31 seasons. Prior to Three Rivers, the Steelers had played their games in Pitt Stadium and Forbes Field.
/m/01323p	Duran Duran are an English rock band formed in Birmingham in 1978. They were one of the most successful bands of the 1980s and a leading band in the MTV-driven \"Second British Invasion\" of the United States. Since the 1980s, they have placed 14 singles in the Top 10 of the UK Singles Chart and 21 in the Billboard Hot 100, and according to the Sunday Mercury, they have sold more than 100 million records.\nWhile they were generally considered part of the New Romantic scene along with bands such as Spandau Ballet when they first emerged, the band later shed this image. The band worked with fashion designers to build a sharp and elegant image that earned them the nickname \"the prettiest boys in rock.\" The band has won a number of awards throughout their career, including two Grammy Awards, two Brit Awards—receiving the award for Outstanding Contribution to Music, an MTV Video Music Award for Lifetime Achievement, and were awarded a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.\nThe band's controversial videos, which included partial nudity and suggestions of sexuality, became popular in the early 1980s on the then-new music video channel MTV. Duran Duran were among the first bands to have their videos shot by professional directors with 35 mm film movie cameras, which gave their videos a much more polished look. In 1984, the band were early innovators with video technology in their live stadium shows.
/m/0162kb	The Senate is the upper house of the bicameral Parliament of Australia, the lower house being the House of Representatives. The composition and powers of the Senate are established in Chapter I, Part II of the Australian Constitution. There is a total of 76 senators; 12 senators are elected from each state, regardless of population, and the two autonomous internal territories each have two senators. Senators are popularly elected under a Single Transferable Vote system of proportional representation. There is no constitutional requirement for the election of senators to take place at the same time as those for members of the House of Representatives, though the government usually tries to synchronise election dates. Senators normally serve fixed six-year terms, unless the Senate is dissolved earlier in a double dissolution. Following a double dissolution half the state senators serve only three-year terms. The term of the territory senators expires at the same time as there is an election for the House of Representatives.\nUnlike upper houses in most parliamentary systems, the Senate is vested with significant power, including the capacity to block legislation initiated by the government in the House of Representatives, making it a distinctive hybrid of British Westminster bicameralism and US-style bicameralism.
/m/03hzt	The Holocaust also known as Shoah, was the mass murder or genocide of approximately six million Jews during World War II, a programme of systematic state-sponsored murder by Nazi Germany, led by Adolf Hitler and the Nazi Party, throughout the German Reich and German-occupied territories.\nOf the nine million Jews who had resided in Europe before the Holocaust, approximately two-thirds were killed. Over one million Jewish children were killed in the Holocaust, as were approximately two million Jewish women and three million Jewish men. A network of over 40,000 facilities in Germany and German-occupied territory were used to concentrate, hold, and kill Jews and other victims.\nSome scholars argue that the mass murder of the Romani and people with disabilities should be included in the definition, and some use the common noun \"holocaust\" to describe other Nazi mass murders, including those of Soviet prisoners of war, Polish and Soviet civilians, and homosexuals. Recent estimates, based on figures obtained since the fall of the Soviet Union in 1991, indicate some ten to eleven million civilians and prisoners of war were intentionally murdered by the Nazi regime.
/m/0k__z	California State University, Northridge is a public university in the Northridge neighborhood of Los Angeles, California, United States in the San Fernando Valley. CSUN is one of the 23 general campuses of the California State University system. Cal State Northridge is the third largest university in California in terms of enrollment, just behind Cal State Fullerton and UCLA.\nIt was founded first as the Valley satellite campus of Cal State Los Angeles. It then became an independent college in 1958 as San Fernando Valley State College, with major campus master planning and construction. The University adopted its current name of California State University, Northridge in 1972.\nCSUN offers a variety of programs including 134 different Bachelor's degrees, Master's degrees in 70 different fields, 3 Doctoral degrees including two Doctor of Education and a Doctor of Physical Therapy, and 24 teaching credentials. The university has over 200,000 alumni. Cal State Northridge is home to the National Center on Deafness, and each year the university hosts the International Conference on Technology and Persons with Disabilities.
/m/0rv97	Marietta is located in central Cobb County, Georgia, United States, and is the county's seat and largest city.\nAs of the 2010 census, the city had a total population of 56,579, making it one of the Atlanta metropolitan area's largest suburbs. Marietta is the fourth largest of the principal cities of the Atlanta metropolitan statistical area.
/m/02fcs2	Lawrence Edward Kasdan is an American film producer, director, and screenwriter. He is best known as the co-writer of Star Wars Episode V: The Empire Strikes Back, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Star Wars Episode VI: Return of the Jedi. Kasdan has been confirmed to be co-writer for the upcoming third trilogy of Star Wars.\nHe has been nominated for four Oscars: twice for Best Original Screenplay for The Big Chill and Grand Canyon and once for both Best Adapted Screenplay and Best Picture for The Accidental Tourist. He is the father of directors Jake Kasdan and Jon Kasdan, and the father-in-law of musician Inara George.
/m/07b_l	Texas is the second most populous and the second-largest of the 50 states in the United States of America, and the largest state in the 48 contiguous United States. Geographically located in the South Central part of the country, Texas shares an international border with the Mexican states of Chihuahua, Coahuila, Nuevo León, and Tamaulipas to the south and borders the U.S. states of New Mexico to the west, Oklahoma to the north, Arkansas to the northeast, and Louisiana to the east. Texas has an area of 268,820 square miles and a growing population of over 26.4 million residents\nHouston is the largest city in Texas and the fourth-largest in the United States, while San Antonio is the second largest in the state and seventh largest in the United States. Dallas–Fort Worth and Greater Houston are the fourth and fifth largest United States metropolitan areas, respectively. Other major cities include El Paso and Austin—the state capital. Texas is nicknamed the Lone Star State to signify Texas as a former independent republic and as a reminder of the state's struggle for independence from Mexico. The \"Lone Star\" can be found on the Texas state flag and on the Texas state seal today. The origin of the state name, Texas, is from the word, \"Tejas\", which means 'friends' in the Caddo language.
/m/0fjzsy	The Ohio State Buckeyes football team is a collegiate football team that competes as part of the National Collegiate Athletic Association Division I Football Bowl Subdivision, representing The Ohio State University in the Leaders Division of the Big Ten Conference. Ohio State has played their home games at Ohio Stadium in Columbus, Ohio since 1922.\nThe Buckeyes have claimed seven national championships along with 36 conference championships and ten undefeated seasons.\nFootball was introduced to the university by George Cole and Alexander S. Lilley in 1890. Ohio State was a football independent from 1890 to 1901 before joining the Ohio Athletic Conference as a charter member in 1902. The Buckeyes won two conference championships while members of the OAC and in 1912 became members of the Big Ten Conference.\nOhio State won their first national championship in 1942 under head coach Paul Brown.\nFollowing World War II, Ohio State saw sparse success on the football field with three separate coaches and in 1951 hired Woody Hayes to coach the team. Under Hayes, Ohio State won 13 Big Ten championships and five national championships, and had four Rose Bowl wins in eight appearances. Following Hayes' dismissal in 1978, Earle Bruce and later John Cooper coached the team to seven conference championships.
/m/018z_c	Marlee Beth Matlin is an American actress. She is the only deaf performer to win the Academy Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role, which she won for Children of a Lesser God. At the age of 21, she became the youngest woman in history to win that award. Her work in film and television has resulted in a Golden Globe award, with two additional nominations, and four Emmy nominations. Deaf since she was 18 months old, she is also a prominent member of the National Association of the Deaf.
/m/024sbq	A chanson is in general any lyric-driven French song, usually polyphonic and secular. A singer specializing in chansons is known as a \"chanteur\" or \"chanteuse\"; a collection of chansons, especially from the late Middle Ages and Renaissance, is also known as a chansonnier.
/m/08f3yq	Julie Gardner is a Welsh television producer. Her most prominent work has been serving as executive producer on the 2005 revival of Doctor Who and its spin-off shows Torchwood and The Sarah Jane Adventures. She worked on Doctor Who from 2003 to 2009 before moving to Los Angeles to work at BBC Worldwide.
/m/0n84k	Quetta is the provincial capital of Balochistan province of Pakistan and is the largest city in the province. Known as the Fruit Garden of Pakistan due to the diversity of its plant and animal wildlife, Quetta is situated at an average elevation of 1,680 meters above sea level, making it Pakistan's only high-altitude major city. The population of the city is estimated to be about 896,090. This makes it the largest city in Balochistan and one of the major cities of Pakistan.\nLocated in northern Balochistan near the Durand Line border with Afghanistan and close to Kandahar province, Quetta is a trade and communication center between the two countries as well as an important military location which occupies a strategic position for the Pakistani Armed Forces. The city lies on the Bolan Pass route which was once the only gateway to and from South Asia.
/m/0j871	A baritone is a type of classical male singing voice whose vocal range lies between the bass and the tenor voice types. It is the most common male voice. Originally from the Greek βαρύτονος, meaning deep sounding, music for this voice is typically written in the range from the second F below middle C to the F above middle C in choral music, and from the second A below middle C to the A above middle C in operatic music, but can be extended at either end.
/m/086g2	West Bengal is a state in the eastern region of India and is the nation's fourth-most populous. It is also the seventh-most populous sub-national entity in the world, with over 91 million inhabitants. Spread over 34,267 sq mi, it is bordered by the countries of Nepal, Bhutan, and Bangladesh, and the Indian states of Odisha, Jharkhand, Bihar, Sikkim, and Assam. The state capital is Kolkata. West Bengal encompasses two broad natural regions: the Gangetic Plain in the south and the sub-Himalayan and Himalayan area in the north.\nAncient Bengal was the site of several major Vedic kingdoms. Bengal region was part of large Indian empires such as the Maurya empire and Gupta Empire; and part of the regional Pala Empire and Sena dynasty. From the 13th century onward, the region was ruled by several sultans, Hindu kings and Baro-Bhuyan landlords, until the beginning of British rule in the 18th century. The British East India Company cemented their hold on the region following the Battle of Plassey in 1757, and Calcutta served for many years as the capital of British India. The early and prolonged exposure to British administration resulted in expansion of Western education, culminating in development in science, institutional education, and social reforms of the region, including what became known as the Bengal Renaissance. A hotbed of the Indian independence movement through the early 20th century, Bengal was divided during India's independence in 1947 along religious lines into two separate entities: West Bengal—a state of India—and East Bengal—a part of the newly created Pakistan—later becoming Bangladesh in 1971.
/m/0642v9q	Guitar Hero 5 is a music rhythm game and the fifth main entry in the Guitar Hero series. The game was developed by Neversoft and published by Activision, and released internationally in September 2009 for the Xbox 360, PlayStation 2, 3 and Wii consoles. Similar to the preceding title, Guitar Hero World Tour, Guitar Hero 5 is geared towards playing in a four-person band experience, including lead and bass guitar, drums, and vocals. The game is available as a standalone title, allowing players to use existing compatible instrument controllers, and as a bundle that provides these controllers. Guitar Hero 5 adds several new features, such as drop-in/drop-out play, bands composed of any combination of available instruments, a Rockfest competitive mode consisting of several various scoring mechanisms, and both song-specific and general Challenges to unlock new avatars, clothing, and other extras in the game. Many of these changes were added to make the game a more social experience, allowing players across a range of skill levels to be able to play cooperatively and competitively against each other both locally and online.\nGuitar Hero 5's track list contains 85 songs by 83 separate artists, and like previous Guitar Hero games, several musicians with works in the game have been modeled through motion capture for playable characters in the game, including Johnny Cash, Carlos Santana, Shirley Manson, Matthew Bellamy, and Kurt Cobain. Players can also create their own character and instrument to play with. The game continues to support the user-created music studio introduced in World Tour through GHTunes, and additional downloadable content for the game was also made available. A majority of existing downloadable tracks from World Tour are forward-compatible with Guitar Hero 5, along with selected on-disc tracks from World Tour and Guitar Hero Smash Hits, and songs from the game could also be exported for a fee to play in its sequel, Guitar Hero: Warriors of Rock, and spin-off game Band Hero.
/m/02jknp	A film director is a person who directs the making of a film. Generally, a film director controls a film's artistic and dramatic aspects, and visualizes the script while guiding the technical crew and actors in the fulfillment of that vision.
/m/06rnl9	Dennis Muren, ASC is an American film special effects artist, most notable for his work on the films of Steven Spielberg, James Cameron and George Lucas. He has won eight Oscars for Best Visual Effects.
/m/0m2kw	Kent County is a county located in the central part of the U.S. state of Delaware. It is coextensive with the Dover, Delaware, Metropolitan Statistical Area as well as the Delaware Valley Combined Statistical Area. As of the 2010 census, its population was 162,310, a 28.1% increase over the previous decade. The county seat is Dover, the state capital. It is named for Kent, an English county.
/m/09xrxq	Peter Dougan Capaldi is a Scottish actor, film director, and screenwriter. He is known for his role as Malcolm Tucker in the BBC comedy series The Thick of It, and its spin-off film In the Loop. In 1995, he won the Academy Award for Live Action Short Film for Franz Kafka's It's a Wonderful Life, which he wrote and directed. He has also won two BAFTA Awards, a Chlotrudis Award, and two British Comedy Awards. Since 25 December 2013 he has portrayed the Twelfth Doctor in the BBC Television series Doctor Who.
/m/03tc8d	Getafe Club de Fútbol, or simply Getafe CF, is a Spanish La Liga football club based in Getafe, a city in the Madrid metropolitan area, founded in 1946 and refounded in 1983.\nIn the top level since 2004–05, it holds home games at the Coliseum Alfonso Pérez.
/m/063k3h	Scotch-Irish Americans are American descendants of Presbyterian and other Protestant dissenters from the Irish province of Ulster who migrated to North America during the 18th and 19th centuries. Most of the Scotch-Irish were descended from Scottish and English families who colonized Ireland during the Plantation of Ulster in the 17th century. While an estimated 36 million Americans reported Irish ancestry in 2006, and 6 million reported Scottish ancestry, an additional 5.4 million identified more specifically with Scotch-Irish ancestry. People in Great Britain or Ireland that are of a similar ancestry usually refer to themselves as Ulster Scots, with the term Scotch-Irish used only in North America.
/m/018l5l	A mezzo-soprano or mezzo is a type of classical female singing voice whose vocal range lies between the soprano and the contralto voice types. The mezzo-soprano's vocal range usually extends from the A below middle C to the A two octaves above. In the lower and upper extremes, some mezzo-sopranos may extend down to the F below middle C and as high as \"high C\".\nMezzo-sopranos generally have a heavier, darker tone than sopranos. The mezzo-soprano voice resonates in a higher range than that of a contralto. The terms Dugazon and Galli-Marié are sometimes used to refer to light mezzo-sopranos, after the names of famous singers. A castrato with a vocal range equivalent to a mezzo-soprano's range is referred to as a mezzo-soprano castrato or mezzista. Today, however, only women should be referred to as mezzo-sopranos; men singing within the female range are called countertenors. In current operatic practice, female singers with very low tessituras are often included among mezzo-sopranos, because singers in both ranges are able to cover the other, and true operatic contraltos are very rare.
/m/04k3jt	The Gambia national football team, nicknamed The Scorpions, is the national team of the Gambia and is controlled by the Gambia Football Association. Until 1965, the team, and the country, were known as British Gambia. It has never qualified for the World Cup or the Africa Cup of Nations finals.
/m/09zf_q	The Time Machine is a 2002 American science fiction film loosely adapted from the 1895 novel of the same name by H. G. Wells, and the 1960 film screenplay by David Duncan. It was executive-produced by Arnold Leibovit and directed by Simon Wells, who is the great-grandson of the original author, and stars Guy Pearce, Jeremy Irons, Orlando Jones, Samantha Mumba, Mark Addy, Sienna Guillory, and Phyllida Law with a cameo by Alan Young, who also appeared in the 1960 film adaptation.\nThe 2002 film is set in New York City instead of London and contains new story elements not present in the original novel, including a romantic backstory, a new scenario about how civilization was destroyed, and several new characters, such as an artificially intelligent hologram played by Orlando Jones and a Morlock leader played by Jeremy Irons.\nDirector Gore Verbinski was brought in to take over the last 18 days of shooting, as Wells was suffering from \"extreme exhaustion\". Wells returned for post-production.\nIt was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Makeup at the 75th Academy Awards, but lost to Frida.
/m/0m2kd	Stand by Me is a 1986 American coming of age drama comedy film directed by Rob Reiner. Based on the novella The Body by Stephen King, the title is derived from the Ben E. King song of the same name, which plays over the end credits. The films tells the story of four boys who go on a hike across the countryside to find the missing body of a dead kid.
/m/0b85mm	Rocco e i suoi fratelli is a 1960 Italian film directed by Luchino Visconti. Set in Milan, it tells the story of an immigrant family from the South and its disintegration in the society of the industrial North. The title is a combination of Thomas Mann's Joseph and his Brothers and the name of Rocco Scotellaro, Italian poet who described the feelings of the peasants of southern Italy.\nThe film stars Alain Delon, Renato Salvatori, Annie Girardot, and Claudia Cardinale, in one of her early roles before she became internationally known. The film's score was composed by Nino Rota.
/m/02hkw6	K. Venu Gopal, known popularly by his stage name Nedumudi Venu, is a Malayalam film actor from Kerala, India. He has also written screenplays and has directed one film.
/m/091yn0	Jorma Christopher \"Jorm\" Taccone is an American actor, director and writer for comedy films. Taccone is one third of the sketch comedy troupe The Lonely Island along with childhood friends Andy Samberg and Akiva Schaffer. In 2010, he co-wrote and directed the SNL spin-off film MacGruber, which was his directorial debut.
/m/05zp8	A palace is a grand residence, especially a royal residence or the home of a head of state or some other high-ranking dignitary, such as a bishop or archbishop.\nThe word itself is derived from the Latin name Palātium, for Palatine Hill, the hill which housed the Imperial residences in Rome. In many parts of Europe, the term is also applied to ambitious private mansions of the aristocracy. Many historic palaces are now put to other uses such as parliaments, museums, hotels or office buildings. The word is also sometimes used to describe a lavishly ornate building used for public entertainment or exhibitions.
/m/05k6d	Newport News Shipbuilding, originally Newport News Shipbuilding and Drydock Company, was the largest privately owned shipyard in the United States prior to being purchased by Northrop Grumman in 2001. Known as Northrop Grumman Newport News, and later Northrop Grumman Shipbuilding Newport News, the company is located in Newport News, Virginia, and often participates in projects with the Norfolk Naval Shipyard in Portsmouth, Virginia, also located adjacent to Hampton Roads. In March 2011 Newport News Shipbuilding, along with the shipbuilding sector of Northrop Grumman spun-off to form a new company called Huntington Ingalls Industries.\nThe shipyard is a major employer not only for the lower Virginia Peninsula, but also portions of Hampton Roads south of the James River and the harbor, portions of the Middle Peninsula region, and even some northeastern counties of North Carolina.\nAs of August 2013 the shipyard was building the aircraft carriers USS Gerald R. Ford and the USS John F. Kennedy
/m/0488g9	Joseph Roland \"Joe\" Barbera was an influential American animator, director, producer, storyboard artist, and cartoon artist, whose film and television cartoon characters entertained millions of fans worldwide for much of the twentieth century.\nThrough his young adult years, Barbera lived, attended college, and began his career in New York City. After working odd jobs and as a banker, Barbera joined Van Beuren Studios in 1932 and subsequently Terrytoons in 1936. In 1937, he moved to California and while working at Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Barbera met William Hanna. The two men began a collaboration that was at first best known for producing Tom and Jerry and live action films. In 1957, after MGM dissolved their animation department, they co-founded Hanna-Barbera, which became the most successful television animation studio in the business, producing programs such as The Flintstones, The Huckleberry Hound Show, Top Cat, Scooby-Doo, The Quick Draw McGraw Show, Yogi Bear, Wacky Races, and The Jetsons. In 1967, Hanna-Barbera was sold to Taft Broadcasting for $12 million, but Hanna and Barbera remained head of the company until 1991. At that time, the studio was sold to Turner Broadcasting System, which in turn was merged with Time Warner, owners of Warner Bros., in 1996; Hanna and Barbera stayed on as advisors.
/m/026mx4	Manipur maṇipur is a state in northeastern India, with the city of Imphal as its capital. Its people include the Meitei, Pangal, Naga, and Kuki and Gorkhali who speak different languages of branches of the Tibeto-Burman family. The state is bounded by Nagaland to the north, Mizoram to the south, and Assam to the west; Burma lies to the east. It covers an area of 22,327 square kilometres.\nThe Meitei, who live primarily in the state's valley region, form the primary ethnic group.The term Meitei now refers to five social groups – the Meitei marup, Meitei Christians, Meitei goura Chaytonya, the Meitei Brahmins and the Meitei Muslims. All of them has Meiteilon as their mother-tongue. Their language, Meiteilon, is the lingua franca in the state.
/m/01wj17	Kamloops is a city in south central British Columbia in Canada, located at the confluence of the two branches of the Thompson River near Kamloops Lake. It is the largest community in the Thompson-Nicola Regional District and the location of the regional district's offices. The surrounding region is more commonly referred to as the Thompson Country. It is ranked 37th on the list of the 100 largest metropolitan areas in Canada and represents the 44th largest census agglomeration nationwide, with 85,678 residents in 2011.
/m/04zpv	Milk is a white liquid produced by the mammary glands of mammals. It is the primary source of nutrition for young mammals before they are able to digest other types of food. Early-lactation milk contains colostrum, which carries the mother's antibodies to the baby and can reduce the risk of many diseases in the baby. It also contains many other nutrients.\nAs an agricultural product, milk is extracted from mammals during or soon after pregnancy and used as food for humans. Worldwide, dairy farms produced about 730 million tonnes of milk in 2011. India is the world's largest producer and consumer of milk, yet neither exports nor imports milk. New Zealand, the European Union's 28 member states, Australia, and the United States are the world's largest exporters of milk and milk products. China and Russia are the world's largest importers of milk and milk products.\nThroughout the world, there are more than 6 billion consumers of milk and milk products. Over 750 million people live within dairy farming households. Milk is a key contributor to improving nutrition and food security particularly in developing countries. Improvements in livestock and dairy technology offer significant promise in reducing poverty and malnutrition in the world.
/m/0b2_xp	Jon Vitti is an American writer best known for his work on the television series The Simpsons. He has also written for the King of the Hill and The Critic series, and has served as a consultant for several animated movies, including Ice Age and Robots. He is one of the eleven writers of The Simpsons Movie and also wrote the screenplays for the film adaptions Alvin and the Chipmunks and currently is writing Angry Birds for Rovio\nVitti is a graduate of Harvard University, where he wrote for and was president with Mike Reiss of the Harvard Lampoon. He was also very close with Conan O'Brien while at Harvard. Prior to joining The Simpsons, he had a brief stint with Saturday Night Live. He described his experiences on a DVD commentary as \"a very unhappy year\". After leaving The Simpsons' writing staff in its fourth season, Vitti wrote for the HBO series The Larry Sanders Show. Beginning in its seventh season, he has been a writer for The Office, and has penned two episodes since then.\nHe is the second most prolific writer for The Simpsons; his 25 episodes place him after John Swartzwelder, who wrote 59 episodes.\nVitti has also used the pseudonym Penny Wise. Vitti used the pseudonym for episodes \"Another Simpsons Clip Show\" and \"The Simpsons 138th Episode Spectacular\" because he did not want to be credited for writing a clip show as expressed on Simpsons DVD commentaries.
/m/0cwy47	Cleopatra is a 1963 British-American-Swiss epic drama film directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz. The screenplay was adapted by Sidney Buchman, Ben Hecht, Ranald MacDougall, and Mankiewicz from a book by Carlo Maria Franzero. The film starred Elizabeth Taylor, Richard Burton, Rex Harrison, Roddy McDowall, and Martin Landau. The music score was by Alex North. It was photographed in 70 mm Todd-AO by Leon Shamroy and an uncredited Jack Hildyard.\nCleopatra chronicles the struggles of Cleopatra VII, the young Queen of Egypt, to resist the imperial ambitions of Rome.\nIn all of cinema history, Cleopatra is one of the most expensive films ever made. It received mixed reviews from critics, although critics and audiences alike generally praised Taylor and Burton's performances. It was the highest grossing film of 1963, earning US $26 million, yet made a loss due to its cost of $44 million, making it the only film ever to be the highest grossing film of the year yet to run at a loss; for this, the film has been considered a moderate box office failure. The film later won four Academy Awards, and was nominated for five more, including Best Picture.
/m/09c8bc	Chernomorets Odessa is a Ukrainian professional football club based in Odessa. The club's home ground is the 34,164 capacity Chornomorets Stadium opened in 1935 and rebuilt in 2011. The club was officially formed in 1936 as Dynamo, but after a number of name and management changes, it emerged under its current name in 1958.
/m/0hcr	Animation is the process of creating a continuous motion and shape change illusion by means of the rapid display of a sequence of static images that minimally differ from each other. The illusion—as in motion pictures in general—is thought to rely on the phi phenomenon.\nAnimations can be recorded on either analogue media, such as a flip book, motion picture film, video tape, or on digital media, including formats such as animated GIF, Flash animation or digital video. To display it, a digital camera, computer, or projector are used.\nAnimation creation methods include the traditional animation creation method and those involving stop motion animation of two and three-dimensional objects, such as paper cutouts, puppets and clay figures. Images are displayed in a rapid succession, usually 24, 25, or 30 frames per second.
/m/019fh	Buffalo is the second most populous city in the state of New York, after New York City. Located in Western New York on the eastern shores of Lake Erie and at the head of the Niagara River across from Fort Erie, Ontario, Canada, Buffalo is the seat of Erie County and the principal city of the Buffalo-Niagara Falls metropolitan area, the largest in Upstate New York. Buffalo itself has a population of 261,310 and the Buffalo–Niagara–Cattaraugus Combined Statistical Area is home to 1,215,826 residents.\nOriginating around 1789 as a small trading community near the eponymous Buffalo Creek, Buffalo grew quickly after the opening of the Erie Canal in 1825, with the city as its western terminus. By 1900, Buffalo was the 8th largest city in the United States, and went on to become a major railroad hub, and the largest grain-milling center in the country. The latter part of the 20th century saw a reversal of fortunes: Great Lakes shipping was rerouted by the opening of the St. Lawrence Seaway, and steel mills and other heavy industry relocated to places such as China. With the start of Amtrak in the 1970s, Buffalo Central Terminal was also abandoned, and trains were rerouted to nearby Depew, New York and Exchange Street Station. By 1990 the city had fallen back below its 1900 population levels.
/m/044zvm	Rita Wilson is an American actress, singer, and producer.
/m/02ntlj	Crossover is a term applied to musical works or performers appearing on two or more of the record charts which track differing musical tastes, or genres. If the second chart combines genres, such as a \"Hot 100\" list, the work is not a crossover.\nIn some contexts the term \"crossover\" can have negative connotations, implying the dilution of a music's distinctive qualities to accommodate to mass tastes. For example, in the early years of rock and roll, many songs originally recorded by African-American musicians were re-recorded by white artists such as Pat Boone in a more toned-down style, often with changed lyrics, that lacked the hard edge of the original versions. These covers were popular with a much broader audience.\nIn practice crossover frequently results from the appearance of the music in question in a film soundtrack. For instance, Sacred Harp music experienced a spurt of crossover popularity as a result of its appearance in the 2003 film Cold Mountain, and bluegrass music experienced a revival due to the reception of 2000's O Brother, Where Art Thou?. Even atonal music, which tends to be less popular among classical enthusiasts, has a kind of crossover niche, since it is widely used in filmmaking and television production scores \"to depict an approaching menace\", as noted by Charles Rosen.
/m/025r_t	Derby is a city and unitary authority in the East Midlands region of England. It lies upon the banks of the River Derwent and is located in the south of the ceremonial county of Derbyshire, of which it was traditionally the county town. In the 2011 census, the city had a population of 248,700.\nAs home to Lombe's Mill, the first factory in the world, Derby is considered a birthplace of the Industrial Revolution. With the arrival of the railways in the 19th century, and due to its strategic central location, the city grew to become a foremost centre of the British rail industry.\nToday, Derby is an internationally renowned centre for advanced transport manufacturing, home to the world’s second largest aero-engine manufacturer, Rolls-Royce, and Derby Litchurch Lane Works—the UK's only remaining train manufacturer. The Toyota Manufacturing UK's automobile headquarters is found just South of the city at Burnaston.
/m/03gfvsz	KYMX is commercial radio station located in Sacramento, California. The station airs an adult contemporary music format.
/m/0641g8	Milton J. Franklyn was a musical composer and arranger who worked on the Warner Bros. Looney Tunes animated cartoons.\nFranklyn moved from New York to Salt Lake City at the age of three, where he went to high school and finished one year at the University of Utah. He was the state junior tennis champion in Utah for six years. The next two years were spent at the University of California, Berkeley, then he began a term at Pennsylvania University when he was called to service in World War One. Franklyn did not serve overseas; he trained as a naval officer for three months and then the Armistice was signed on November 11, 1918. He returned to Berkeley to finish his education.\nAs Franklyn could play a number of instruments, he joined a band in San Francisco and for the next few years played at the Palace and St. Francis hotels. He began his own nine-piece orchestra, known at various times as the Peninsula Band, the Super Soloists, and the Merrimakers, and appeared in San Mateo, where he also owned a music store, and San Jose, where he was Master of Ceremonies and wrote revues for the California Theatre before moving on to Fresno and Oakland. For two years he was emcee with Fanchon and Marco at Fox West Coast in San Diego; musical director and emcee with Paramount Publix Corporation, travelling to Seattle, Denver, Houston and Toledo; and finally worked on the Loew's circuit in Providence, Rhode Island and New York City from 1933 to 1935. Franklyn quit vaudeville to go to Hollywood in 1935 and spent a year doing occasional work.
/m/01_wfj	Porcupine Tree are an English rock band formed by musician Steven Wilson in 1987. The band began essentially as a solo project for Wilson, who created all of the band's music. However, by 1993, Wilson desired to work in a band environment, and so brought on frequent collaborators Richard Barbieri on keyboards, Colin Edwin on bass guitar and Chris Maitland on drums as permanent band members. With Wilson still in charge of guitar and lead vocals, this would remain the lineup until 2001, when the band recruited Gavin Harrison to replace Maitland on drums.\nPorcupine Tree's early sound evokes a style of psychedelic rock comparable to that of progressive rock band Pink Floyd. Upon signing with Kscope record label in the late 1990s, the band approached a more mainstream alternative rock sound. By the early 2000s, the band signed to a major record label and shifted their sound again, this time in a more progressive metal direction.\nAfter the release and tour in support of their tenth studio album, The Incident, the band became inactive as Wilson began to focus on his solo career. While not formally broken up, they also have no particular reformation plans beyond \"someday\", with members all working on separate projects, and Wilson committing himself to his solo work through most of 2015.
/m/03l26m	Carmelo Kyam Anthony, nicknamed \"Melo\", is an American professional basketball player who plays for the New York Knicks of the National Basketball Association. After a successful high school career at Towson Catholic High School and Oak Hill Academy, Anthony attended Syracuse University for college where he led the Orangemen to their first National Championship in 2003. He earned the tournament's Most Outstanding Player award and was named the Most Valuable Player of NCAA East Regional. After one season at Syracuse University, Anthony left college to enter the 2003 NBA Draft, where he was selected as the third pick by the Nuggets. He was traded to the Knicks several days prior to the 2011 trade deadline.\nSince entering the NBA, Anthony has emerged as one of the most well-known and popular players in the league. He was named to the All-Rookie team, to the All-Star team seven times and to the All-NBA team six times. Anthony led the Nuggets to two division titles and to the playoffs every year from 2004 to 2010. In 2009, he helped the Nuggets advance to the Conference Finals for the first time since 1985. As a member of the USA National Team, Anthony won a bronze medal at the 2004 Olympics and gold medals at the 2008 and 2012 Olympics. In 2012, he broke the United States men's Olympic team's record for most points in a single game when he scored 37 points against Nigeria. In 2014, Anthony set the Madison Square Garden and the Knicks' single-game scoring record with a career-high 62 points against the Charlotte Bobcats.
/m/02723p8	Musculoskeletal disorders can affect the body's muscles, joints, tendons, ligaments and nerves. Most work-related MSDs develop over time and are caused either by the work itself or by the employees' working environment. MSD's can also occur in the patients life outside work either through sport - tennis; music - guitar playing or a hobby - on-line tracing of a family tree. These external work events can be exacerbated by their daily profession. They can also result from fractures sustained in an accident. Typically, MSDs affect the back, neck, shoulders and upper limbs; less often they affect the lower limbs.\nHealth problems range from discomfort, minor aches and pains, to more serious medical conditions requiring time of MSDs are a priority for the EU in its Community strategy. Reducing the musculoskeletal load of work is part of the 'Lisbon objective', which aims to create 'quality jobs' by:\nenabling workers to stay in employment; and\nensuring that work and workplaces are suitable for a diverse population.
/m/0137g1	Beck Hansen, known by the stage name Beck, is an American musician, singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist. Beck rose to fame in the early 1990s with his lo-fi, sonically experimental style, and he became well known for creating musical collages of a wide range of styles. His later recordings encompass folk, funk, soul, hip hop, alternative rock, country and psychedelia. Beck has released ten studio albums, as well as several non-album singles and a book of sheet music.\nBorn in Los Angeles in 1970, Beck discovered hip hop and folk music in his teens and began to perform locally at coffeehouses and clubs. He moved to New York City in 1989 and became involved in the city's small but intense anti-folk movement. After returning to his hometown in the early 1990s, he cut his breakthrough single \"Loser\", which became a worldwide hit in 1994. His 1996 release Odelay produced hit singles, topped critic polls and won several awards. He released the stripped-down Mutations in 1998, and the funk-infused Midnite Vultures in 1999. The downcast, acoustic Sea Change showcased a more serious Beck, and 2005's Guero returned to sample-based production. The Information was inspired by hip hop, and Modern Guilt, likewise, by 1960s music. In February 2014, Beck released the album Morning Phase.
/m/0bnzd	In the Bedroom is a 2001 American crime drama film directed by Todd Field, and dedicated to Andre Dubus, whose short story Killings is the source material on which the screenplay, by Field and Robert Festinger, is based. The film stars Tom Wilkinson, Sissy Spacek, Nick Stahl, Marisa Tomei, and William Mapother.\nThe title refers to the rear compartment of a lobster trap known as the \"bedroom\" and the fact that it can only hold up to two lobsters before they begin to turn on each other.
/m/0fwy0h	Savannah Clark Guthrie is an American journalist and attorney, working for NBC News.\nGuthrie joined NBC in September 2007 as a legal analyst and correspondent, regularly reporting on trials throughout the country. After serving as a White House correspondent between 2008 and 2011 and as co-anchor of the MSNBC program The Daily Rundown in 2010 and 2011, Guthrie was announced as the co-host of The Today Show's third hour alongside Natalie Morales and Al Roker. In that role she substituted as news anchor and main co-host, and appeared as the Chief Legal Analyst across all NBC platforms.\nOn June 29, 2012, Guthrie was named co-anchor of Today following Ann Curry's reassignment at the network. She debuted as co-anchor, alongside Matt Lauer, Morales and Roker, on Monday, July 9, 2012.
/m/075wx7_	The Twilight Saga: Eclipse, commonly referred to as Eclipse, is a 2010 American romantic fantasy film based on Stephenie Meyer's 2007 novel Eclipse. It is the third installment of The Twilight Saga film series, following 2008's Twilight and 2009's New Moon. Summit Entertainment greenlit the film in February 2009. Directed by David Slade, the film stars Kristen Stewart, Robert Pattinson, and Taylor Lautner, reprising their roles as Bella Swan, Edward Cullen, and Jacob Black, respectively. Melissa Rosenberg, who penned the scripts for both Twilight and New Moon, returned as screenwriter. Filming began on August 17, 2009, at Vancouver Film Studios, and finished in late October, with post-production began early the following month. Bryce Dallas Howard was cast as Victoria, replacing Rachelle Lefevre who previously played her.\nThe film was released worldwide on June 30, 2010 in theatres, and became the first Twilight film to be released in IMAX. The film has received mixed reception from critics. It held the record for biggest midnight opening in the United States and Canada in box office history, grossing an estimated $30 million, until it was surpassed by Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 2 in 2011. The film then scored the biggest Wednesday opening in the United States and Canada history with $68,533,840 beating Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen's $62 million. Eclipse has also become the film with the widest independent release, playing in over 4,416 theaters, surpassing its predecessor, The Twilight Saga: New Moon, which held the record since November 2009.
/m/0kvf3b	The Nun's Story is a 1959 Warner Brothers film directed by Fred Zinnemann and starring Audrey Hepburn, Peter Finch, Edith Evans and Peggy Ashcroft. Based upon the 1956 novel of the same title by Kathryn Hulme, the story tells of the life of Sister Luke, a young Belgian woman who decides to enter a convent and make the many sacrifices required by her choice. However, at the outset of World War II, she finds that she cannot remain neutral in the face of the abject evil of Hitler's Germany.\nThe book was based upon the life of Marie Louise Habets, a Belgian nurse who similarly spent time as a nun. The film follows the book fairly closely, although some critics believe the film shows sexual tension in the relationship between Dr. Fortunati and Sister Luke that is absent from the novel.\nA major portion of the film takes place in the Belgian Congo, site of location shooting, where Sister Luke assists Dr. Fortunati in surgical procedures at a mission hospital. The location was Yakusu, a center of missionary and medical activity in the Belgian Congo.\nColleen Dewhurst made her feature film debut in the film.
/m/0jpmt	hgjkl;\nTobacco smoking is the practice of burning tobacco and inhaling the smoke.. The practice may have begun as early as 5000-3000 BC. Tobacco was introduced to Eurasia in the late 17th century where it followed common trade routes. The practice encountered criticism from its first import into the Western world onwards, but embedded itself in certain strata of a number of societies before becoming widespread upon the introduction of automated cigarette-rolling apparatus.\nGerman scientists identified a link between smoking and lung cancer in the late 1920s, leading to the first anti-smoking campaign in modern history, albeit one truncated by the collapse of the Third Reich at the end of the Second World War. In 1950, British researchers demonstrated a clear relationship between smoking and cancer. Evidence continued to mount in the 1980s, which prompted political action against the practice. Rates of consumption since 1965 in the developed world have either peaked or declined. However, they continue to climb in the developing world.
/m/01qgry	Booker T. Jones is an American multi-instrumentalist, songwriter, record producer and arranger, best known as the frontman of the band Booker T. & the M.G.'s. He has also worked in the studios with many well-known artists of the 20th and 21st centuries, earning him a Grammy Award for lifetime achievement.
/m/09qwmm	The following is a list of nominees and winners of the Screen Actors Guild Award for Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Leading Role. The award was first given in 1994 and there are currently five nominees each year.\nNote:\n\"†\" indicates the winner of the Academy Award for Best Actress.\n\"‡\" indicates a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actress.
/m/03rhqg	Warner Bros. Records Inc. is an American record label. It was the foundation label of the present-day Warner Music Group, and now operates as a wholly owned subsidiary of that corporation. It maintains a close relationship with its former parent, Warner Bros. Pictures such as distributing the latter's new music subsidiary WaterTower Music, although the two companies are independently owned. Rob Cavallo currently serves as Chairman of the company.\nWarner Bros. Records was originally established in 1958 as the recorded music division of the American movie studio Warner Bros. Pictures. For most of its existence it was one of a group of labels owned and operated by larger parent corporations. The sequence of companies that controlled Warner Bros. and its allied labels evolved through a convoluted series of corporate mergers and acquisitions from the early 1960s to the early 2000s. Over this period, Warner Bros. Records grew from a struggling minor player in the industry to become one of the top recording labels in the world.\nFrom 1999 to 2007, Warner Bros. Records was the official record label partner for cable channel Nickelodeon, and to a lesser extent, its primetime block SonyNet. The contract ended in the summer of 2007, after which Columbia Records succeeded Warner Bros. as Nickelodeon's record label partner.
/m/0j6b5	Spirited Away is a 2001 Japanese animated fantasy film written and directed by Hayao Miyazaki and produced by Studio Ghibli. The film stars Rumi Hiiragi, Miyu Irino, Mari Natsuki, Takeshi Naito, Yasuko Sawaguchi, Tsunehiko Kamijō, Takehiko Ono and Bunta Sugawara, and tells the story of Chihiro Ogino, a sullen ten-year-old girl who, while moving to a new neighborhood, enters the spirit world. After her parents are transformed into pigs by the witch Yubaba, Chihiro takes a job working in Yubaba's bathhouse to find a way to free herself and her parents and return to the human world.\nMiyazaki wrote the script after he decided the film would be based on his friend's ten-year-old daughter, who came to visit his house each summer. At the time, Miyazaki was developing two personal projects, but they were rejected. With a budget of US$15 million, production of Spirited Away began in 2000. During production, Miyazaki realized the film would be over three hours long and decided to cut out several parts of the story. Pixar director John Lasseter, a fan of Miyazaki, was approached by Walt Disney Pictures to supervise an English-language translation for the film's North American release. Lasseter hired Kirk Wise as director and Donald W. Ernst as producer of the adaptation. Screenwriters Cindy Davis Hewitt and Donald H. Hewitt wrote the English-language dialogue, which they wrote to match the characters' original Japanese-language lip movements.
/m/05r_j	Petroleum is a naturally occurring, yellow-to-black liquid found in geologic formations beneath the Earth's surface, which is commonly refined into various types of fuels. It consists of hydrocarbons of various molecular weights and other liquid organic compounds. The name petroleum covers both naturally occurring unprocessed crude oil and petroleum products that are made up of refined crude oil. A fossil fuel, petroleum is formed when large quantities of dead organisms, usually zooplankton and algae, are buried underneath sedimentary rock and subjected to intense heat and pressure.\nPetroleum is recovered mostly through oil drilling. This comes after the studies of structural geology, sedimentary basin analysis, reservoir characterization. It is refined and separated, most easily by boiling point, into a large number of consumer products, from gasoline and kerosene to asphalt and chemical reagents used to make plastics and pharmaceuticals. Petroleum is used in manufacturing a wide variety of materials, and it is estimated that the world consumes about 90 million barrels each day.
/m/0h10vt	Edward John David \"Eddie\" Redmayne is an English actor, singer and model. Redmayne won the 2010 Laurence Olivier Award for Best Actor in a Supporting Role and the 2010 Tony Award for Best Featured Actor in a Play for his performance in the West End and Broadway production of the drama play Red. He also received the 2011 Critics' Circle Theatre Award for Best Shakespearean Performance for his portrayal of Richard II at London's Donmar Warehouse. In 2012, Redmayne co-starred as Marius Pontmercy in the musical film Les Miserables.
/m/015rkw	Sir Michael John Gambon CBE is an Irish-born English actor who has worked in theatre, television and film. A highly respected theatre actor, Gambon is also recognised for his roles as Philip Marlow in the BBC television serial The Singing Detective, as Jules Maigret in the 1990s ITV serial Maigret, and as Professor Albus Dumbledore in the final six Harry Potter films.
/m/02vrgnr	Hancock is a 2008 American superhero film directed by Peter Berg and starring Will Smith, Charlize Theron, Jason Bateman and Eddie Marsan. It tells the story of a vigilante superhero, John Hancock from Los Angeles whose reckless actions routinely cost the city millions of dollars. Eventually one person he saves, Ray Embrey, makes it his mission to change Hancock's public image for the better.\nThe story was originally written by Vincent Ngo in 1996. It languished in development hell for years and had various directors attached, including Tony Scott, Michael Mann, Jonathan Mostow, and Gabriele Muccino before going into production in 2007. Hancock was filmed in Los Angeles with a production budget of $150 million\nIn the United States, the film was rated PG-13 by the Motion Picture Association of America after changes were made at the organization's request in order to avoid a R rating, which it had received twice before. The film was presented and widely released on July 2, 2008 in the United States and the United Kingdom by Columbia Pictures. Hancock received mixed reviews from film critics and grossed more than $620 million in theaters worldwide.
/m/01jsk6	Boston College is a private Jesuit research university located in the village of Chestnut Hill, Massachusetts, USA. It has 9,100 full-time undergraduates and almost 5,000 graduate students. The university's name reflects its early history as a liberal arts college and preparatory school in Boston's South End. It is a member of the 568 Group and the Association of Jesuit Colleges and Universities. Its main campus is a historic district and features some of the earliest examples of collegiate gothic architecture in North America.\nBoston College's undergraduate program is currently ranked 31st in the National Universities ranking by U.S. News & World Report. Boston College is categorized as a research university with high research activity by the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching. Students at the university earned 21 Fulbright Awards in 2012, ranking the school eighth among American research institutions. At $1.809 billion, Boston College has the 41st largest university endowment in North America, and the largest endowment of all Jesuit colleges and universities.\nBoston College offers bachelor's degrees, master's degrees, and doctoral degrees through its nine schools and colleges: College of Arts & Sciences, Boston College Graduate School of Arts & Sciences, Carroll School of Management, Lynch School of Education, Connell School of Nursing, Boston College Graduate School of Social Work, Boston College Law School, Boston College School of Theology and Ministry, Woods College of Advancing Studies.
/m/07kg3	Tuscany is a region in central Italy with an area of about 23,000 square kilometres and a population of about 3.8 million inhabitants. The regional capital is Florence.\nTuscany is known for its landscapes, traditions, history, artistic legacy and its influence on high culture. It is regarded as the birthplace of the Italian Renaissance and has been home to many figures influential in the history of art and science, and contain well-known museums such as the Uffizi and the Pitti Palace. Tuscany produces wines, including Chianti, Vino Nobile di Montepulciano, Morellino di Scansano and Brunello di Montalcino. Having a strong linguistic and cultural identity, it is sometime considered \"a nation within a nation\". Seven Tuscan localities have been designated World Heritage Sites: the historic centre of Florence; the historical centre of Siena; the square of the Cathedral of Pisa; the historical centre of San Gimignano; the historical centre of Pienza; the Val d'Orcia, and Medici Villas and Gardens. Tuscany has over 120 protected nature reserves, making Tuscany and its capital Florence a popular tourist destinations that attract millions of tourists every year.
/m/027n06w	The 59th Writers Guild of America Awards honored the best film and television writers of 2006.
/m/023p7l	Pocahontas is a 1995 American animated epic musical romance-drama film and is the 33rd animated feature in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series. It was produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and was originally released to select theaters on June 16, 1995 by Walt Disney Pictures. It belongs to the era known as the Disney Renaissance from 1989 to 1999.\nThe film is the first animated feature Disney film to be based on a real historic character, the known history, and the folklore and legend that surrounds the Native American woman Pocahontas, and features a fictionalized account of her encounter with Englishman John Smith and the settlers that arrived from the Virginia Company.\nA video game based on the film was released across various platforms shortly after the film's theatrical release, and the film itself was followed by a direct-to-video sequel, Pocahontas II: Journey to a New World in 1998.
/m/013cz2	Manhattan is a city located in the northeastern part of the state of Kansas in the United States, at the junction of the Kansas River and Big Blue River. It is the county seat of Riley County and the city extends into Pottawatomie County. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 52,281. It is the principal city of the Manhattan metropolitan area which, as of 2012, had an estimated population of 97,810.\nNicknamed \"The Little Apple\" as a play on New York City's \"Big Apple\", it is best known as being the home of Kansas State University and has a college town atmosphere. Eight miles west of the city is Fort Riley, a United States Army post.\nIn 2007, CNN and Money magazine rated Manhattan as one of the ten best places in America to retire young. The town was named an All-American City in 1952, becoming the first city in Kansas to win the award. In 2011, Forbes rated Manhattan No. 1 for \"Best Small Communities for a Business and Career.\"
/m/0gvrws1	Total Recall is a 2012 American dystopian science fiction action film remake of the 1990 film of the same name, which was in turn loosely based on the 1966 short story \"We Can Remember It for You Wholesale\" by Philip K. Dick. The film centers upon an ordinary factory worker who accidentally discovers that his current life is a fabrication predicated upon false memories implanted into his brain by the government. Ensuing events leave no room for doubt that his true identity is that of a highly trained secret agent. He then follows a trail of clues to gradually recover more suppressed memories and reassumes his original vocation with renewed dedication. Unlike the original film and the short story, the plot takes place on Earth rather than a trip to Mars and exhibits more political overtones. The film blends Western and Eastern influences, most notably in the settings and dominant populations of the two nation-states in the story: the United Federation of Britain and the Colony.\nTotal Recall was directed by Len Wiseman and written by Mark Bomback, James Vanderbilt, and Kurt Wimmer. It stars Colin Farrell, Kate Beckinsale, Jessica Biel, Bryan Cranston, Will Yun Lee, and Bill Nighy. It was first announced in 2009 and was released in North America on August 3, 2012, grossing over $198 million worldwide. The film was released to mixed-to-negative critical reception. It received praise in certain areas such as its action sequences, but the film's lack of humor, emotional subtlety and character development drew the most criticism.
/m/07n39	Timothy Francis Leary was an American psychologist and writer, known for his advocacy of psychedelic drugs. During a time when drugs such as LSD and psilocybin were legal, Leary conducted experiments at Harvard University under the Harvard Psilocybin Project, resulting in the Concord Prison Experiment and the Marsh Chapel Experiment. The studies produced some useful data, but Leary and his associate Richard Alpert were fired from the university due to the controversy surrounding their research.\nLeary believed LSD showed therapeutic potential for use in psychiatry. He popularized catchphrases that promoted his philosophy such as \"turn on, tune in, drop out\"; \"set and setting\"; and \"think for yourself and question authority\". He also wrote and spoke frequently about transhumanist concepts involving space migration, intelligence increase and life extension, and developed the eight-circuit model of consciousness in his book Exo-Psychology.\nDuring the 1960s and 1970s, he was arrested often enough to see the inside of 29 different prisons worldwide. President Richard Nixon once described Leary as \"the most dangerous man in America\".
/m/01yhm	The Cleveland Indians are a professional baseball team based in Cleveland, Ohio. They are in the Central Division of Major League Baseball's American League. Since 1994, they have played in what is now Progressive Field. The team's spring training facility is at Goodyear Ballpark in Goodyear, Arizona. Since their establishment as a Major League franchise in 1901, the Indians have won two World Series championships, in 1920 and 1948.\nThe \"Indians\" name originates from a request by the club owner to decide on a new name, following the 1914 season. In reference to the Boston Braves, the media chose \"the Indians\". Common nicknames for the Indians include the \"Tribe\" and the \"Wahoos\", the latter being a reference to their logo, Chief Wahoo. The mascot is called Slider.\nThe Cleveland team originated in 1900 as the Lake Shores, when the American League was officially a minor league. One of the AL's eight charter franchises, the major league incarnation of the club was founded in Cleveland in 1901. Originally called the Cleveland Bluebirds, the team played in League Park until moving permanently to Cleveland Municipal Stadium in 1946. At the end of the 2013 season, they had a regular season franchise record of 8,930–8,611. The Indians have won seven AL Central titles, the most in the division.
/m/06t74h	William Edward Fichtner is an American actor. He has appeared in a number of notable film and TV series. He is known for his roles as Sheriff Tom Underlay in the cult favorite television series Invasion, Alexander Mahone on Prison Break and Butch Cavendish in The Lone Ranger.
/m/0rjg8	Pompano Beach is a city in Broward County, Florida, United States, along the coast of the Atlantic Ocean just to the north of Fort Lauderdale. The nearby Hillsboro Inlet forms part of the Atlantic Intracoastal Waterway. As of the 2010 census the city's population was 99,845, with an estimated population of 102,984 as of 2012. It is part of the Miami Metropolitan Area, which was home to 5,564,635 people at the 2010 census.\nPompano Beach is currently in the middle of a redevelopment process to revitalize its beachfront and historic downtown. The city has also been listed as one of the top real estate markets, being featured in CNN, Money and the Wall Street Journal as one of the country's top vacation home markets. Pompano Beach Airpark, located within the city, is the home of the Goodyear Blimp Spirit of Innovation.
/m/0bs31sl	The Montreal Impact is a Canadian professional soccer team based in Montreal, Quebec that competes in Major League Soccer. The Impact began playing in 2012 as MLS' 19th franchise and third Canadian club; they replaced the second division team of same name. The Impact are run by the former Impact's ownership group, led by owner Joey Saputo.
/m/0p07l	El Paso County is the most populous of the 64 counties of the State of Colorado of the United States. The U.S. Census Bureau reported that the county population was 622,263 in 2010, greater than Denver County, which had previously been the most populous county. The county seat of El Paso County is Colorado Springs, the second most populous city in Colorado. The Colorado Springs Metropolitan Statistical Area comprises El Paso County and Teller County.\nEl Paso County is located in Colorado's 5th congressional district. Since its creation in 1871, El Paso County has typically voted for the Republican presidential candidate in presidential elections; the last Democratic nominee to win the county was Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964. The Democratic Party won El Paso County four additional times prior, and the Populist Party won in 1892, with General James B. Weaver.\nIn 2004, the voters of Colorado Springs and El Paso County established the Pikes Peak Rural Transportation Authority and adopted a 1% sales tax dedicated to improving the region's transportation infrastructure. Together with state funding for COSMIX and the I-25 interchange with Highway 16, significant progress has been made since 2003 in addressing the transportation needs of the area.
/m/02g0mx	Juliette L. Lewis is an American actress and singer. She gained fame for her role in Martin Scorsese's 1991 remake of the thriller Cape Fear for which she was nominated for both an Academy Award and Golden Globe for Best Supporting Actress. This followed with major roles in What's Eating Gilbert Grape, Natural Born Killers, Strange Days, The Evening Star, Kalifornia, From Dusk Till Dawn, and The Other Sister. Her work in television has resulted in two Emmy nominations.\nLewis launched a career as a singer and musician, leading the American rock band, Juliette and the Licks, until 2009 when she launched a solo career.
/m/04jpl	London is the capital city of England and of the United Kingdom. It is the most populous region, urban zone and metropolitan area in the United Kingdom. Standing on the River Thames, London has been a major settlement for two millennia, its history going back to its founding by the Romans, who named it Londinium. London's ancient core, the City of London, largely retains its 1.12-square-mile mediaeval boundaries and in 2011 had a resident population of 7,375, making it the smallest city in England. Since at least the 19th century, the term London has also referred to the metropolis developed around this core. The bulk of this conurbation forms the London region and the Greater London administrative area, governed by the Mayor of London and the London Assembly.\nLondon is a leading global city, with strengths in the arts, commerce, education, entertainment, fashion, finance, healthcare, media, professional services, research and development, tourism and transport all contributing to its prominence. It is one of the world's leading financial centres and has the fifth- or sixth-largest metropolitan area GDP in the world depending on measurement. London is a world cultural capital. It is the world's most-visited city as measured by international arrivals and has the world's largest city airport system measured by passenger traffic. London's 43 universities form the largest concentration of higher education in Europe. In 2012, London became the first city to host the modern Summer Olympic Games three times.
/m/01qgr3	The University of Tennessee is a public sun-grant and land-grant university headquartered at Knoxville, Tennessee, United States. Founded in 1794, two years before Tennessee entered the Union as the 16th state, it is the flagship institution of the statewide University of Tennessee system with nine undergraduate colleges and eleven graduate colleges and hosts almost 28,000 students from all 50 states and more than 100 foreign countries. In its 2012 ranking of universities, U.S. News & World Report ranked UT 101st among all national universities and 46th among public institutions of higher learning. Seven alumni have been selected as Rhodes Scholars; James M. Buchanan, M.S. '41, received the 1986 Nobel Prize in Economics. UT's ties to nearby Oak Ridge National Laboratory, established under UT President Andrew Holt and continued under the UT-Battelle partnership, allow for considerable research opportunities for faculty and students.\nAlso affiliated with the university are the Howard H. Baker, Jr. Center for Public Policy, the University of Tennessee Anthropological Research Facility, and the University of Tennessee Arboretum, which occupies 250 acres of nearby Oak Ridge and features hundreds of species of plants indigenous to the region. The University is a direct partner of the University of Tennessee Medical Center, it is one of two Level I trauma centers in the East Tennessee region. As a teaching hospital, it has aggressive medical research programs.
/m/02v49c	David William \"Dave\" Thomas is a Canadian comedian, actor and television writer. He is best known for portraying Doug McKenzie on SCTV as well as in the films Bob & Doug and Strange Brew, which he also directed.
/m/058kqy	Eli Raphael Roth is an American film director, producer, writer and actor. He is known for directing the horror film Hostel and its sequel, Hostel: Part II. He is also known for his role as Donny \"The Bear Jew\" Donowitz in Quentin Tarantino's Inglourious Basterds for which he won both a SAG Award and a BFCA Critic's Choice Award. Journalists have included him in a group of filmmakers dubbed the Splat Pack because of their explicitly violent and bloody horror films.
/m/01grq1	The Sixth United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, consisting of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met at Congress Hall in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and in Washington, D.C. from March 4, 1799 to March 4, 1801, during the last two years of John Adams's presidency. It was the last Congress of the 18th century and the first to convene in the 19th. The apportionment of seats in House of Representatives was based on the First Census of the United States in 1790. Both chambers had a Federalist majority.
/m/01l3wr	The Germany national football team is the football team that has represented Germany in international competition since 1908. It is governed by the German Football Association, founded in 1900. Ever since the DFB was reinaugurated in 1949 the team has represented the Federal Republic of Germany – until the German reunification in 1990 commonly referred to as West Germany in informal usage. Under Allied occupation and division, two other separate national teams were also recognized by FIFA: the Saarland team and the East German team representing the German Democratic Republic. Both have been absorbed along with their records by the current national team. The official name and code \"Germany FR\" was shortened to \"Germany\" following the reunification in 1990.\nGermany is one of the most successful national teams in international competitions, having won a total of three World Cups and three European Championships. They have also been runners-up three times in the European Championships, four times in the World Cup, and have won a further four third places. East Germany won Olympic Gold in 1976. Germany is the only nation to have won both the men's and women's World Cups. The current coaching staff of the national team include head coach Joachim Löw, assistant coach Hans-Dieter Flick, goalkeeper coach Andreas Köpke, athletic coach Shad Forsythe, athletic coach Oliver Bartlett, scout Urs Siegenthaler, and team manager Oliver Bierhoff.
/m/0l4h_	A mockumentary is a type of film or television show in which fictional events are presented in documentary style to create a parody. These productions are often used to analyze or comment on current events and issues by using a fictional setting, or to parody the documentary form itself. They may be either comedic or dramatic in form, although comedic mockumentaries are more common. A dramatic mockumentary should not be confused with docudrama, a fictional genre in which dramatic techniques are combined with documentary elements to depict real events.\nMockumentaries are often presented as historical documentaries, with B roll and talking heads discussing past events, or as cinéma vérité pieces following people as they go through various events. Though the precise origins of the genre are not known, examples emerged during the 1950s, when archival film footage became relatively easy to locate. A very early example was a short piece on the \"Swiss Spaghetti Harvest\" that appeared as an April fools' joke on the British television program Panorama in 1957.\nThe term \"mockumentary\" is thought to have been popularized in the mid-1980s when This Is Spinal Tap director Rob Reiner used it in interviews to describe that film. It is not known with certainty when the term \"mock-documentary\" was first used, but the Oxford Dictionary Online notes appearance of \"mockumentary\" from the mid-1960s.
/m/048lv	Kevin Spacey, CBE is an American actor, director, screenwriter, and producer. He grew up in California and began his career as a stage actor during the 1980s, before being cast in supporting roles in film and television. He gained critical acclaim in the early 1990s, culminating in his first Academy Award for The Usual Suspects, followed by a Best Actor Academy Award win for American Beauty. His other starring roles in Hollywood include Seven, L.A. Confidential, Pay It Forward, K-PAX, and Superman Returns in a career which has earned him several Emmy and Golden Globe nominations. Since 2003, he has been artistic director of the Old Vic theatre in London. He recently starred in the Netflix series House of Cards.
/m/058vfp4	Henry Grace was an American set decorator. He won an Academy Award and was nominated for twelve more in the category Best Art Direction.\nAs an actor he had a role as Dwight D. Eisenhower, whom he strongly resembled, in The Longest Day.
/m/07_q87	Dorchester Town Football Club are a semi-professional football club, based in Dorchester, Dorset, England, and currently playing in the Conference South. The club is affiliated to the Dorset County Football Association and is a FA chartered Standard club. They play at the Avenue Stadium, on land owned by the Duchy of Cornwall, and are currently at the highest standard they have ever reached.
/m/0f4k5	Vitamin B12, vitamin B12 or vitamin B-12, also called cobalamin, is a water-soluble vitamin with a key role in the normal functioning of the brain and nervous system, and for the formation of blood. It is one of the eight B vitamins. It is normally involved in the metabolism of every cell of the human body, especially affecting DNA synthesis and regulation, but also fatty acid synthesis and energy production. Neither fungi, plants, nor animals are capable of producing vitamin B12. Only bacteria and archaea have the enzymes required for its synthesis, although many foods are a natural source of B12 because of bacterial symbiosis. The vitamin is the largest and most structurally complicated vitamin and can be produced industrially only through bacterial fermentation-synthesis.\nVitamin B12 consists of a class of chemically related compounds, all of which have vitamin activity. It contains the biochemically rare element cobalt. Biosynthesis of the basic structure of the vitamin is accomplished only by bacteria, but conversion between different forms of the vitamin can be accomplished in the human body. A common semi-synthetic form of the vitamin, cyanocobalamin, does not occur in nature, but is produced from bacterial hydroxocobalamin and then used in many pharmaceuticals and supplements, and as a food additive, because of its stability and lower production cost. In the body it is converted to the human physiological forms methylcobalamin and adenosylcobalamin, leaving behind the cyanide, albeit in minimal concentration. More recently, hydroxocobalamin, methylcobalamin, and adenosylcobalamin can be found in more expensive pharmacological products and food supplements. The extra utility of these is currently debated.
/m/0kp2_	Daniel Handler is an American author. He is best known for his work under the pen name Lemony Snicket.
/m/034_t5	Barrow Association Football Club is an English association football club based in the town of Barrow-in-Furness, Cumbria. The club participates in the Conference North, the sixth tier of the English league system. They were relegated from the Conference National at the end of the 2012–13 season. Barrow play their home games at Holker Street, close to the town centre and approximately 0.5 km from Barrow Railway Station.\nThe club spent over fifty years in the Football League between 1921 and 1972, achieving promotion to Division 3 by finishing 3rd in the Football League Fourth Division in the 1966–67 season. The highest league period in the club's history was to be short-lived and a return to Division 4 came after relegation in 1969–70 season. Fortunes never improved and at the end of the 1971–72 season, after an unsuccessful bid for re-election, Barrow were voted out of the Football League, to be replaced by Hereford United of the Southern League. Barrow have since spent their time in the top two levels of non-league football and have twice won non-league football's most prestigious cup competition, the FA Trophy – in 1990 and 2010, becoming the only club to have won the Trophy at both old and new Wembley Stadium.
/m/07n3s	They Might Be Giants is an American alternative band formed in 1982 by John Flansburgh and John Linnell. During TMBG's early years Flansburgh and Linnell were frequently accompanied by a drum machine. In the early 1990s, TMBG expanded to include a backing band. The duo's current backing band consists of Marty Beller, Dan Miller, and Danny Weinkauf. The group is best known for an unconventional and experimental style of alternative music. Over their career, they have found success on the modern rock and CMJ charts. More recently they have also found success in children's music, and in theme music for several television programs and films.\nTMBG have released 16 studio albums. Flood has been certified platinum and their children's music albums Here Come the ABCs, Here Come the 123s, and Here Comes Science have all been certified gold. The band has won two Grammy Awards, one in 2002 for their song \"Boss of Me\", which served as the theme to Malcolm in the Middle. They won their second in 2009 for Here Come the 123s. The band has sold over 4 million records.
/m/04kngf	Club Alianza Lima is a Peruvian First Division football club which plays at the Estadio Alejandro Villanueva in the La Victoria District of Lima, Peru.Alianza enjoyed success throughout the first decades of their professional era. The club's success disappeared in the 1980s; in 1987, tragedy struck Alianza when nearly the entire squad and coaching staff were killed in an airplane crash as the team was returning from an away fixture, the team was one game away from winning the title, the disaster worsened the title drought, which lasted until 1997. Alianza moved to its current stadium, named for Alejandro Villanueva, a player who is considered one of the most important Alianza strikers in the 1930s.The club is now one of the most successful teams of Peru along with its archrival Universitario de Deportes and Sporting Cristal. It has won a total of 23 league titles of the Peruvian First Division. The club is one of the most popular sides in Peru, a distinction shared with Universitario. Alianza last won the League championship in 2006 and came in as runner-up in the 2009 and 2011[2] editions of the tournament. Alianza Lima produced some key players throughout the modern era. Some of the key players that are notable are Jefferson Farfan who plays for German club Shalcke 04 and Claudio Pizarro who also plays in the Bundesliga but for FC Bayern Munich. Alianza Lima produced key youth players. In 2007 Coach Sánchez was had a key role to find players. In early March he wanted to find the best youth squad of Lima. Some of the best scouts searched through Lima to find youth players. Quoted from Coach Sánchez he said, \"Our number one concern is to get minutes for Esqueche\". Esqueche refers to their best youth star Christhian Jonathan Esqueche who was only 16 during his footballing career. He was the leading midfielder with assists but was sadly injured due to a punt in his back.
/m/01xn5th	The Club Tijuana Xoloitzcuintles de Caliente, commonly referred to as Xolos de Tijuana, or simply Xolos, is a Mexican association football team from Tijuana, Mexico. It was founded in January 2007. The colors that identify the club are red and black. On December 2, 2012, Xolos became champions of the Liga MX.
/m/01bgkq	Chemnitz is the third-largest city in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. Chemnitz is an independent city which is not part of any county and seat of the government region Direktionsbezirk Chemnitz. Located in the northern foothills of the Ore Mountains, it is part of the Central German Metropolitan Region. The city's economy is based on the service sector and manufacturing industry. Chemnitz University of Technology has around 10,000 students.
/m/0pbhz	Dijon is a city in eastern France, capital of the Côte-d'Or département and of the Burgundy region.\nThe earliest archaeological finds within the city limits of Dijon date to the Neolithic period. Dijon later became a Roman settlement named Divio, located on the road from Lyon to Paris. The province was home to the Dukes of Burgundy from the early 11th until the late 15th centuries and Dijon was a place of tremendous wealth and power, one of the great European centres of art, learning and science. Population: 151,576 within the city limits; 250,516 for the greater Dijon area.\nThe city has retained varied architectural styles from many of the main periods of the past millennium, including Capetian, Gothic and Renaissance. Many still-inhabited town houses in the city's central district date from the 18th century and earlier. Dijon architecture is distinguished by, among other things, toits bourguignons made of tiles glazed in terracotta, green, yellow and black and arranged in geometric patterns.\nDijon holds an International and Gastronomic Fair every year in autumn. With over 500 exhibitors and 200,000 visitors every year, it is one of the ten most important fairs in France. Dijon is also home, every three years, to the international flower show Florissimo. Dijon is famous for Dijon mustard which originated in 1856, when Jean Naigeon of Dijon substituted verjuice, the acidic \"green\" juice of not-quite-ripe grapes, for vinegar in the traditional mustard recipe.
/m/0296rz	Hoffa is a 1992 French-American biographical film directed by Danny DeVito and written by David Mamet, based on the life of Teamsters Union leader Jimmy Hoffa. Jack Nicholson plays Hoffa, and DeVito plays Hoffa's fictional longtime friend Robert \"Bobby\" Ciaro, an amalgamation of several Hoffa associates over the years.\nThe film also stars John C. Reilly, Robert Prosky, Kevin Anderson, Armand Assante, and J. T. Walsh. The original music score is by David Newman.
/m/0pd4f	Patton is a 1970 American biographical war film about U.S. General George S. Patton during World War II. It stars George C. Scott, Karl Malden, Michael Bates and Karl Michael Vogler. It was directed by Franklin J. Schaffner from a script by Francis Ford Coppola and Edmund H. North, who based their screenplay on the biography Patton: Ordeal and Triumph by Ladislas Farago and Omar Bradley's memoir A Soldier's Story. The film was shot in 65mm Dimension 150 by cinematographer Fred J. Koenekamp and has a music score by Jerry Goldsmith.\nPatton won seven Academy Awards, including Best Picture.\nThe opening monologue, delivered by George C. Scott as General Patton with an enormous American flag behind him, remains an iconic and often quoted image in film. The film was a success and has become an American classic.\nIn 2003, Patton was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being \"culturally, historically or aesthetically significant\".
/m/0py9b	Dell Inc. is a privately owned multinational computer technology company based in Round Rock, Texas, United States, that develops, sells, repairs and supports computers and related products and services. Bearing the name of its founder, Michael Dell, the company is one of the largest technological corporations in the world, employing more than 103,300 people worldwide.\nDell sells personal computers, servers, data storage devices, network switches, software, computer peripherals, HDTVs, cameras, printers, MP3 players and also electronics built by other manufacturers. The company is well known for its innovations in supply chain management and electronic commerce, particularly its direct-sales model and its \"build-to-order\" or \"configure to order\" approach to manufacturing—delivering individual PCs configured to customer specifications. Dell was a pure hardware vendor for much of its existence, but a few years ago with the acquisition of Perot Systems, Dell entered the market for IT services. The company has since made additional acquisitions in storage and networking systems, with the aim of expanding their portfolio from offering computers only to delivering complete solutions for enterprise customers.
/m/0p07_	Eagle County is the fourteenth most populous of the 64 counties of the State of Colorado in the United States. The county is named for the Eagle River. The county population was 52,197 at 2010 census. The county seat is the Town of Eagle. The Edwards Micropolitan Statistical Area comprises Eagle County and Lake County.
/m/0jj6k	Hillsborough County is a county located in the U.S. state of Florida. Its 2010 population was 1,229,226. Its county seat and largest city is Tampa.\nHillsborough, together with Pinellas, Pasco and Hernando counties comprise the Tampa-St.Petersburg-Clearwater Metropolitan Statistical Area, and along with various combinations of Manatee and Sarasota counties to the south, Citrus County to the north, and Polk County to the east is often referred to as the Tampa Bay Area. Hillsborough is the largest county in the metropolitan area, with Tampa forming the region's hub, and the fourth most populous county in Florida.
/m/0l380	Tulare County is a county located in the Central Valley of the U.S. state of California, south of Fresno. Sequoia National Park is located in the county, as are part of Kings Canyon National Park, in its northeast corner, and part of Mount Whitney, on its eastern border. As of the 2010 census, the population was 442,179, up from 368,021 at the 2000 census. Its county seat is Visalia.\nThe county is named for Tulare Lake, once the largest freshwater lake west of the Great Lakes. Drained for agricultural development, the site is now in Kings County, which was created in 1893 from the western portion of the formerly larger Tulare County.
/m/026qnh6	Australia is an Australian romance film-epic film directed by Baz Luhrmann and starring Nicole Kidman and Hugh Jackman. An English aristocrat inherits a cattle station and when English cattle barons plot to take her land, she reluctantly joins forces with a rough-hewn stock-man to drive 2,000 head of cattle across the country's most unforgiving terrain, only to face the bombing of Darwin, Australia, by the Japanese forces.
/m/01ry_x	The Little Mermaid is a 1989 American animated musical fantasy film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures. Based on the Danish fairy tale by Hans Christian Andersen, The Little Mermaid tells the story of a beautiful mermaid who dreams of becoming human. Written, directed, and produced by Ron Clements and John Musker, with music by Alan Menken and Howard Ashman, the film features the voices of Jodi Benson, Christopher Daniel Barnes, Pat Carroll, Samuel E. Wright, Jason Marin, Kenneth Mars, Buddy Hackett, and Rene Auberjonois.\nThe 28th film in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series, The Little Mermaid was released to theaters on November 14, 1989 to largely positive reviews, garnering $84 million at the box office during its initial release, and $211 million in total lifetime gross.\nAfter the success of the 1988 Disney/Amblin film Who Framed Roger Rabbit, The Little Mermaid is given credit for breathing life back into the art of Disney animated feature films after a string of critical or commercial failures produced by Disney that dated back to the early 1970s. It also marked the start of the era known as the Disney Renaissance.
/m/061681	The Bourne Ultimatum is a 2007 American-German action spy thriller film directed by Paul Greengrass loosely based on the Robert Ludlum novel of the same title. The screenplay was written by Tony Gilroy, Scott Z. Burns and George Nolfi. The Bourne Ultimatum is the third in the Bourne film series, being preceded by The Bourne Identity and The Bourne Supremacy. The fourth movie, The Bourne Legacy, was released in August 2012.\nMatt Damon reprises his role as Ludlum's signature character, former CIA assassin and psychogenic amnesiac Jason Bourne. In the film, he continues his search for information about his past before he was part of Operation Treadstone and becomes a target of a similar assassin program.\nThe Bourne Ultimatum was produced by Universal Pictures and was released on August 3, 2007, in North America, where it grossed $69.3 million in ticket sales in its first weekend of release, making it the highest August opening in the U.S. and Damon's highest-grossing film with him in the lead. The three films have been commercially successful and critically acclaimed and The Bourne Ultimatum won all three of its nominations for Academy Awards, winning the Best Film Editing, the Best Sound Mixing and the Best Sound Editing at the 80th Academy Awards.
/m/0cqgl9	The Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Miniseries or Television Movie is an award given by the Screen Actors Guild to honor the finest acting achievements in miniseries or television movie.
/m/03n_7k	Josh James Brolin is an American actor. He has acted in theater, film and television roles since 1985. He is known primarily for his roles in the films Thrashin', The Goonies, W., No Country for Old Men, Milk, American Gangster, True Grit, Men in Black 3, and Gangster Squad.
/m/032_wv	Election is a 1999 American comedy film directed and by Alexander Payne and adapted by him and Jim Taylor from Tom Perrotta's 1998 novel of the same title. The plot revolves around a high school election, and satirizes both suburban high school life and politics. The film stars Matthew Broderick as Jim McAllister, a popular high school history, civics, and current events teacher in suburban Omaha, Nebraska, and Reese Witherspoon as Tracy Flick, around the time of the school's student body election. When Tracy qualifies to run for class president, McAllister believes she does not deserve the title, and tries his best to stop her from winning.\nThe film is ranked #61 on Bravo's \"100 Funniest Movies\" and #9 on Entertainment Weekly's list of the \"50 Best High School Movies,\" while Witherspoon's performance was ranked at #45 on the list of the \"100 Greatest Film Performances of All Time\" by Premiere.\nThe film received an Academy Award nomination for Best Adapted Screenplay, a Golden Globe nomination for Witherspoon in the Best Actress category, and the Independent Spirit Award for Best Film in 1999.
/m/01hw6wq	Trevor Charles Rabin is a South African born musician, best known as a guitarist, vocalist and songwriter for the British progressive rock band Yes 1982–1994, then as a film composer.
/m/01qh7	Cambridge is a city in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States, situated directly north of Boston, across the Charles River. It was named in honor of the University of Cambridge in England, an important center of the Puritan theology embraced by the town's founders. Cambridge is home to two of the world's most prominent universities, Harvard University and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Cambridge has also been home to Radcliffe College, once one of the leading colleges for women in the United States before it merged with Harvard. According to the 2010 Census, the city's population was 105,162. It is the fifth most populous city in the state, behind Boston, Worcester, Springfield, and Lowell. Cambridge was one of the two seats of Middlesex County prior to the abolition of county government in 1997; Lowell was the other.
/m/018js4	Top Gun is a 1986 American action drama film directed by Tony Scott, and produced by Don Simpson and Jerry Bruckheimer, in association with Paramount Pictures. The screenplay was written by Jim Cash and Jack Epps, Jr., and was inspired by the article \"Top Guns\" written by Ehud Yonay for California magazine.\nThe film stars Tom Cruise, Kelly McGillis, Val Kilmer, Anthony Edwards, and Tom Skerritt. Cruise plays Lieutenant Pete \"Maverick\" Mitchell, a young Naval aviator aboard the aircraft carrier USS Enterprise. He and his Radar Intercept Officer Nick \"Goose\" Bradshaw are given the chance to train at the Navy's Fighter Weapons School.
/m/03558l	The shooting guard, also known as the two or off guard, is one of five traditional positions on a basketball team. Players of the position are often shorter, leaner, and quicker than forwards. A shooting guard's main objective is to score points for his team. Some teams ask their shooting guards to bring up the ball as well; these players are known colloquially as combo guards. Kobe Bryant, for example, is a shooting guard who is as good a playmaker as he is a scorer; other examples of combo guards are Jamal Crawford, Allen Iverson, Dwyane Wade, Gilbert Arenas, Tyreke Evans, and Jason Terry. A player who can switch between playing shooting guard and small forward is known as a swingman. Notable swing men include Andre Iguodala, Paul Pierce, Evan Turner, Stephen Jackson, and Tracy McGrady, also Rudy Fernández having an under average size for small forward.\nNotable shooting guards include current NBA players Kobe Bryant, Dwyane Wade, Ray Allen, Manu Ginóbili, Vince Carter, Joe Johnson, Richard Hamilton, James Harden, Paul George, Monta Ellis, DeMar DeRozan and former players Michael Jordan, Tracy McGrady, Clyde Drexler, Sam Jones, Earl Monroe, Reggie Miller, Allen Iverson, Joe Dumars and George Gervin.
/m/05c1t6z	The 61st Annual Primetime Emmy Awards took place on September 20, 2009. CBS broadcast the Primetime event and E! the Creative Arts event; both took place at Nokia Theatre in Los Angeles, California. The nominations for the Awards were announced on July 16.\nThe Academy of Television Arts & Sciences announced in July 2009 that Neil Patrick Harris would host the Primetime event. The Creative Arts Emmys for primetime were hosted by Kathy Griffin.\nAfter the previous year's lackluster performance in ratings, the Emmy Awards were hoping to achieve success by selecting Harris as sole host, as opposed to a group of hosts as in the previous year. The 61st Primetime Emmy awards earned a 4.2 rating in the 18-49 demo and drew 13.3 million, 1.1 million more than the previous year's all-time low.\n30 Rock became the sixth show to win Outstanding Comedy Series three straight years, winning three major awards on that night. 30 Rock made Emmy history when it smashed the record for most major nominations by a comedy series with 18. The Cosby Show had held the record of 13 since 1986, while 30 Rock had tied this the previous year. The 18 major nominations became the third biggest record of all time, behind Roots' record number of 21 in 1977 and NYPD Blue's mark of 19 in 1994. These marks still stand.
/m/01b85	Bordeaux is a port city on the Garonne River in the Gironde department in southwestern France.\nThe city of Bordeaux, with a population of 239,157 inhabitants in 2010, is the ninth largest city in France; its metropolitan area is the sixth largest in France, with a population of 1,127,776. It is the capital of the Aquitaine region, as well as the prefecture of the Gironde department. Its inhabitants are called \"Bordelais\" or \"Bordelaises\". The term \"Bordelais\" may also refer to the city and its surrounding region.\nThe city's nicknames are \"La perle d'Aquitaine\", and \"La Belle Endormie\" in reference to the old center which had black walls due to pollution. Nowadays, this is not the case. In fact, a part of the city, Le Port de La Lune, was almost completely renovated.\nBordeaux is the world's major wine industry capital. It is home to the world's main wine fair, Vinexpo, while the wine economy in the metro area takes in 14.5 billion euros each year. Bordeaux wine has been produced in the region since the 8th century. The historic part of the city is on the UNESCO World Heritage List as \"an outstanding urban and architectural ensemble\" of the 18th century.
/m/0f2tj	New Orleans is a major United States port and the largest city and metropolitan area in the state of Louisiana. The population of the city was 343,829 as of the 2010 U.S. Census. The New Orleans metropolitan area had a population of 1,167,764 in 2010 and was the 46th largest in the United States. The New Orleans–Metairie–Bogalusa Combined Statistical Area, a larger trading area, had a 2010 population of 1,214,932.\nThe city is named after the Duke of Orleans, who reigned as Regent for Louis XV from 1715 to 1723, as it was established by French colonists and strongly influenced by their and African cultures. It is well known for its distinct French and Spanish Creole architecture, as well as its cross-cultural and multilingual heritage. New Orleans is also famous for its cuisine, music, and its annual celebrations and festivals, most notably Mardi Gras, dating to French colonial times. The city is often referred to as the \"most unique\" in the United States.\nNew Orleans is located in southeastern Louisiana, straddling the Mississippi River. The city and Orleans Parish are coterminous. The city and parish are bounded by the parishes of St. Tammany to the north, St. Bernard to the east, Plaquemines to the south, and Jefferson to the south and west. Lake Pontchartrain, part of which is included in the city limits, lies to the north and Lake Borgne lies to the east.
/m/047fjjr	Shanghai is a 2010 American mystery/thriller neo-noir film directed by Mikael Håfström, starring John Cusack and Gong Li. The film was released in China on June 17, 2010. It has never been released in the United States.
/m/05b49tt	Rick Simpson is an American set decorator. He won an Academy Award and was nominated for another in the category Best Art Direction.
/m/0g83dv	Breaking and Entering is a 2006 romantic crime drama directed by Anthony Minghella and starring Jude Law, Juliette Binoche, and Robin Wright Penn. The film was written by Minghella, his first original screenplay since his 1991 feature debut Truly, Madly, Deeply. Set in a blighted, inner-city neighbourhood of London, the film is about a successful landscape architect whose dealings with a young thief and his mother cause him to re-evaluate his life.\nMinghella previously directed the film's stars – Jude Law in Cold Mountain and The Talented Mr. Ripley, and Juliette Binoche in The English Patient. In his first major film role, Rafi Gavron portrays Miro, the young traceur burglar, a role requiring several difficult physical feats. The film is a presentation of Miramax Films and The Weinstein Company and was distributed in the United States by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. Breaking and Entering premièred on 13 September 2006 at the Toronto International Film Festival.
/m/06lj1m	Joanna Cassidy is an American film and television actress. She is known for her role as the replicant Zhora in Ridley Scott's film Blade Runner. She has won a Golden Globe Award, was nominated for three Emmy Awards and also was nominated for Saturn Award and Screen Actors Guild Awards.\nCassidy also has starred in films such as Under Fire, The Fourth Protocol, Who Framed Roger Rabbit?, The Package, Where the Heart Is and Don't Tell Mom the Babysitter's Dead, Vampire in Brooklyn and Ghosts of Mars. From 2001 to 2005, she played Margaret Chenowith on the HBO drama series Six Feet Under. From 2011 to 2013, she played Joan Hunt on the ABC series Body of Proof.
/m/0rlz	Andrew Jackson was the seventh President of the United States. Based in frontier Tennessee, Jackson was a politician and army general who defeated the Creek Indians at the Battle of Horseshoe Bend, and the British at the Battle of New Orleans. A polarizing figure who dominated the Second Party System in the 1820s and 1830s, as president he dismantled the Second Bank of the United States and initiated forced relocation and resettlement of Native American tribes from the Southeast to west of the Mississippi River with the Indian Removal Act. His enthusiastic followers created the modern Democratic Party. The 1830–1850 period later became known as the era of Jacksonian democracy.\nJackson was nicknamed Old Hickory because of his toughness and aggressive personality; he fought in duels, some fatal to his opponents. He was a wealthy slaveholder. He fought politically against what he denounced as a closed, undemocratic aristocracy, adding to his appeal to common citizens. He expanded the spoils system during his presidency to strengthen his political base.\nElected president in 1828, Jackson supported a small and limited federal government. He strengthened the power of the presidency, which he saw as spokesman for the entire population, as opposed to Congressmen from a specific small district. He was supportive of states' rights, but during the Nullification Crisis, declared that states do not have the right to nullify federal laws. Strongly against the Second Bank of the United States, he vetoed the renewal of its charter and ensured its collapse. Whigs and moralists denounced his aggressive enforcement of the Indian Removal Act, which resulted in the forced relocation of thousands of Native Americans to Indian Territory. Historians acknowledge his protection of popular democracy and individual liberty for American citizens, but criticize his support for slavery and his role in Indian removal.
/m/03rs8y	Eriq La Salle is an American actor, director, writer and producer known for his portrayals of Darryl in the 1988 comedy film Coming to America and Dr. Peter Benton on the NBC drama series ER.
/m/06qnz	Social democracy is a political ideology that officially has as its goal the establishment of democratic socialism through reformist and gradualist methods. Alternatively, social democracy is defined as a policy regime involving a universal welfare state and collective bargaining schemes within the framework of a capitalist economy. It is often used in this manner to refer to the social models and economic policies prominent in Western and Northern Europe during the later half of the 20th century.\nFollowing the split between reformists and revolutionary socialists in the Second International, Social democrats have advocated for a peaceful and evolutionary transition of the economy to socialism through progressive social reform of capitalism. Social democracy asserts that the only acceptable constitutional form of government is representative democracy under the rule of law. It promotes extending democratic decision-making beyond political democracy to include economic democracy to guarantee employees and other economic stakeholders sufficient rights of co-determination. It supports a mixed economy that opposes the excesses of capitalism such as inequality, poverty, and oppression of various groups, while rejecting both a totally free market or a fully planned economy. Common social democratic policies include advocacy of universal social rights to attain universally accessible public services such as education, health care, workers' compensation, and other services, including child care and care for the elderly. Social democracy is connected with the trade union labour movement and supports collective bargaining rights for workers. Most social democratic parties are affiliated with the Socialist International.
/m/03lgtv	Session musicians are instrumental and vocal performers who are available to work with others at live performances or recording sessions. Usually such musicians are not permanent members of a musical ensemble and often do not achieve fame in their own right as soloists or bandleaders. The term is applied not only to those working in contemporary musical styles such as rock, jazz, country, R&B and pop but also classical music. Versatility is one of the most important skills of session musicians as they may have to perform in a range of different settings. Session musicians are expected to learn parts rapidly and be skilled in both sight reading and ear training.\nSession musicians are used in any situation where musical skills are needed on a short-term basis. Typically session musicians are used by recording studios to provide backing tracks for other musicians in recording studios and live performances; recording for advertising, film and television; or theatrical productions.\nThe terms \"session musician\" and \"studio musician\" are now synonymous, though in past decades the latter term more typically described musicians who were associated with a particular record company, recording studio or entertainment agency.
/m/01wmgrf	Faith Hill is an American country pop singer and occasional actress. She is married to country singer Tim McGraw, with whom she has recorded several successful duets. Hill has sold more than 40 million records worldwide.\nHill's first two albums, Take Me as I Am and It Matters to Me, established her as a popular country singer. The pair placed a combined three No. 1's on Billboard's country charts and each received multi-platinum certifications in the U.S. But the release of her next two albums, Faith and Breathe, brought Hill mainstream, crossover and international success, by achieving high positions and huge sales globally. Faith spawned her first international hit, \"This Kiss\", and went multi-platinum in various countries. Breathe became her best-selling album to date and one of the best-selling country albums of all time, by being buoyed by the huge crossover success of her best known single, \"Breathe\". It went multi-platinum in several countries around the world and earned Hill three Grammy Awards, including Best Country Album. In 2001, she recorded \"There You'll Be\" for the Pearl Harbor soundtrack and the song became an international success and her best-selling single in Europe. Hill's next two albums, Cry and Fireflies, kept her mainstream popularity. The former went multi-platinum and spawned another crossover single, \"Cry\", which won Hill a Grammy Award. The latter went multi-platinum as well, bolstered by the success of the singles \"Mississippi Girl\" and \"Like We Never Loved at All\", which earned her another Grammy Award.
/m/0165b	Bermuda, in full The Islands of Bermuda, also referred to as the Bermudas or the Somers Isles, is a British Overseas Territory in the North Atlantic Ocean, located off the southeast coast of the United States. Its nearest landmass is Cape Hatteras, North Carolina, about 1,030 kilometres to the west-northwest. It is about 1,239 kilometres south of Cape Sable Island, Nova Scotia, and 1,770 kilometres northeast of Miami. Its capital city is Hamilton.\nThe first known European to discover Bermuda was Spanish sea captain Juan de Bermúdez in 1503, after whom the islands are named. He claimed the apparently uninhabited islands for the Spanish Empire. Although he paid two visits to the archipelago, Bermúdez never landed on the islands, because he did not want to risk crossing over the dangerous reef surrounding them. Subsequent Spanish or other European parties are believed to have released pigs there, which had become feral and abundant on the island by the time European settlement began. In 1609, the English Virginia Company, which had established Virginia and Jamestown on the North American continent two years earlier, established a settlement. It was founded in the aftermath of a hurricane, when the crew of the sinking Sea Venture steered the ship onto the reef so they could get ashore.
/m/0_jsl	Warwick is a city in Kent County, Rhode Island, United States. It is the second largest city in the state, with a population of 82,672 at the 2010 census. Its mayor has been Scott Avedisian since 2000. Founded by Samuel Gorton in 1642, Warwick has witnessed major events in American history.\nThe City of Warwick is located approximately 12 miles south of downtown Providence, and 63 miles southwest of Boston, Massachusetts, and 171 miles northeast of New York City.\nWarwick was decimated during King Philip's War and was the site of the Gaspée Affair, a significant prelude to the American Revolution. Warwick is also the home of revolutionary war general Nathanael Greene, George Washington's second-in-command, and the Civil War hero of the battle of Gettysburg, General George S. Greene.\nWarwick is home to Rhode Island's main airport, T. F. Green Airport, which serves the greater Providence area and also functions as a reliever for Logan International Airport in Boston, Massachusetts. It is also the home of the 43rd Military Police Brigade of the Rhode Island Army National Guard.
/m/034qg	A firearm is a portable gun, being a barreled weapon that launches one or more projectiles often defined by the action of an explosive. The first primitive firearms were invented in 13th century China when the man portable fire lance was combined with projectiles such as scrap metal, broken porcelain, or darts/arrows. The technology gradually spread through the rest of East Asia, South Asia, Middle East and then into Europe. In older firearms, the propellant was typically black powder, but modern firearms use smokeless powder or other propellants. Most modern firearms have rifled barrels to impart spin to the projectile for improved flight stability.\nModern firearms are typically described by their bore diameter or calibre or gauge, the type of action employed together with the usual means of deportment. They may be further distinguished by reference to the type of barrel used and the barrel length, the design's primary intended target, or the commonly accepted name for a particular variation.
/m/095b70	Isaiah Washington IV is an American actor. A veteran of several Spike Lee films, Washington is best known for his role as Dr. Preston Burke on the ABC medical drama Grey's Anatomy from 2005 until 2007.
/m/02q1hz	Falkirk Football Club are a Scottish professional association football club based in the town of Falkirk. The club was founded 1876 and competes in the Scottish Championship as a member of the Scottish Professional Football League. The club was elected to the Second Division of the Scottish Football League in 1902–03, was promoted to the First Division after two seasons and achieved its highest league position in the early 1900s when it was runner-up to Celtic in 1907–08 and 1909–10. The football club was registered as a limited liability Company in April 1905. Falkirk won the Scottish Cup for the first time in 1913. After 1945, Falkirk were promoted and demoted between the Premier and First Divisions seven times until 1995–96, and during the 1970s spent three seasons in the Second Division. In 2005, Falkirk were promoted to the Scottish Premier League.\nFalkirk won the Scottish Cup again in 1957 and were runenrs-up in that competition in 1997 and 2009. The club was relegated to the First Division in 2009–10 after spending five successive seasons in the SPL. As a result of its performance in the 2009 Scottish Cup, the club qualified for the inaugural season of the UEFA Europa League in 2009–10. Falkirk have won the second tier of Scottish football a record seven times, an honour shared with St. Johnstone. They have also won the Scottish Challenge Cup, more than any other club, winning it for the fourth time in 2012.
/m/07dzf	Tanzania, officially the United Republic of Tanzania, is a country in East Africa in the African Great Lakes region. It is bordered by Kenya and Uganda to the north; Rwanda, Burundi and the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the west; and Zambia, Malawi and Mozambique to the south. The country's eastern border is formed by the Indian Ocean. Kilimanjaro, Africa's highest mountain, is in northeastern Tanzania.\nThe country is divided into 30 administrative regions: five on the semi-autonomous islands of Zanzibar and 25 on the mainland in the former Tanganyika. The head of state is President Jakaya Mrisho Kikwete, elected in 2005. Since 1996, the official capital of Tanzania has been Dodoma, where the National Assembly and some government offices are located. Between independence and 1996, the main coastal city of Dar es Salaam served as the country's political capital. It remains Tanzania's principal commercial city and is the main location of most government institutions. It is also the principal port of the country.\nTanganyika and Zanzibar merged on 26 April 1964 to form the United Republic of Tanganyika and Zanzibar. On 29 October of the same year, the country was renamed United Republic of Tanzania. The Articles of Union are the main foundation of Tanzania.
/m/0l38x	Ventura County is a county in the southern part of the U.S. state of California. It is located on California's Pacific coast and is part of the Greater Los Angeles Area.\nAs of the 2010 census, the county had a population of 823,318. The county seat is the city of Ventura. Ventura County's largest city is Oxnard, with a population of about 200,000.
/m/0c_xl	A statistician is someone who works with theoretical or applied statistics. The profession exists in both the private and public sectors. It is common to combine statistical knowledge with expertise in other subjects.
/m/02nq10	The University of Amsterdam or UvA is a public university located in Amsterdam, Netherlands.\nEstablished in 1632 by municipal authorities and later renamed for the city of Amsterdam, the University of Amsterdam is the third-oldest university in the Netherlands. It is one of the largest research universities in Europe with 29,783 students, 4,629 staff, and an endowment of €613.5 million. It is the largest university in the Netherlands by enrollment and has the second-largest university endowment in the country. The main campus is located in central Amsterdam, with a few faculties located in adjacent boroughs. The university is organised into seven faculties: Humanities, Social and Behavioral Sciences, Economics and Business, Science, Law, Medicine, and Dentistry.\nThe University of Amsterdam has produced six Nobel Laureates and two prime ministers of the Netherlands. In 2013, it was ranked 58th in the world, 17th in Europe, and 1st in the Netherlands by the QS World University Rankings. The university placed in the top 50 worldwide in seven fields in the 2011 QS World University Rankings in the fields of Linguistics, Sociology, Philosophy, Geography, Science, Economics & Econometrics, and Accountancy & Finance.
/m/01vl17	Osamu Tezuka was a Japanese cartoonist, manga writer/artist, animator, producer, activist, and medical doctor, who never practiced medicine. Born in Osaka Prefecture, he is best known as the creator of Astro Boy, Kimba the White Lion, and Black Jack. His prolific output, pioneering techniques, and innovative redefinitions of genres earned him such titles as \"the father of manga\", \"the god of comics\", and \"kamisama of manga\". Additionally, he is often credited as the \"Godfather of Anime\" and is considered the Japanese equivalent to Walt Disney, who served as a major inspiration during his formative years.
/m/0697s	Qatar, officially the State of Qatar, is a sovereign Arab emirate, located in Western Asia, occupying the small Qatar Peninsula on the northeasterly coast of the much larger Arabian Peninsula. Its sole land border is with Saudi Arabia to the south, with the rest of its territory surrounded by the Persian Gulf. A strait in the Persian Gulf separates Qatar from the nearby island state of Bahrain.\nQatar is an absolute monarchy that has been ruled by the Al Thani family since the mid-19th century. Before the discovery of oil, Qatar was noted mainly for pearl hunting and sea trade. It was a British protectorate until it gained independence in 1971. In 1995, Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani became Emir when he deposed his father, Khalifa bin Hamad Al Thani, in a peaceful coup d'état., only to later step down in favor of his son, Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani, on June 2013. Qatar's semi-elected Majlis al Shura has limited legislative authority to draft and approve laws, but the Emir has final say on all matters. Its legal system is a mixture of civil law and Islamic law.\nQatar has the world's third largest natural gas reserves and oil reserves in excess of 25 billion barrels which has fueled Qatar to become world's richest country per capita and achieve the highest human development in the Arab World and 36th highest globally; furthermore, it is recognized as a high income economy by the World Bank and also the 19th most peaceful country in the world. Qatar is currently undergoing transformation under the National Vision 2030, in which it expects to achieve an advanced, sustainable, and diversified economy. In order to promote tourism, Qatar has invested billions into improving infrastructure, it held the 2006 Asian Games and will be the host of the 2022 FIFA World Cup, becoming the first Arab country to host either of the events.
/m/0165v	Bolivia, officially known as the Plurinational State of Bolivia, is a landlocked country located in central South America. It is bordered by Brazil to the north and east, Paraguay and Argentina to the south, Chile to the southwest, and Peru to the west.\nPrior to European colonization, the Andean region of Bolivia was a part of the Inca Empire – the largest state in Pre-Columbian America. The conquistadors took control of the region in the 16th century. During most of the Spanish colonial period, this territory was known as Upper Peru and was under the administration of the Viceroyalty of Peru, which included most of Spain's South American colonies, although the area enjoyed substantial autonomy under the jurisdiction of the Royal Court of Charcas. After the first call for independence in 1809, 16 years of war followed before the establishment of the Republic, named for Simón Bolívar, on 6 August 1825. Bolivia has struggled through periods of political instability and economic woes.\nBolivia is a democratic republic that is divided into nine departments. Its geography is varied from the peaks of the Andes in the West, to the Eastern Lowlands, situated within the Amazon Basin. It is a developing country, with a Medium Human Development Index score, and a poverty level of 53%. Its main economic activities include agriculture, forestry, fishing, mining, and manufacturing goods such as textiles, clothing, refined metals, and refined petroleum. Bolivia is very wealthy in minerals, especially tin.
/m/03krj	Handball is a team sport in which two teams of seven players each pass a ball to throw it into the goal of the other team. A standard match consists of two periods of 30 minutes, and the team that scores more goals wins.\nModern handball is played on a court 40 by 20 metres, with a goal in the centre of each end. The goals are surrounded by a 6-metre zone where only the defending goalkeeper is allowed; the goals must be scored by throwing the ball from outside the zone or while \"diving\" into it. The sport is usually played indoors, but outdoor variants exist in the forms of field handball and Czech handball and beach handball. The game is quite fast and includes body contact, as the defenders try to stop the attackers from approaching the goal. Goals are scored quite frequently; usually both teams score at least 20 goals each, and it is not uncommon for both teams to score more than 30 goals.\nThe game was codified at the end of the 19th century in northern Europe, chiefly in Scandinavia and Germany. The modern set of rules was published in 1917 in Germany, and had several revisions since. The first international games were played under these rules for men in 1925 and for women in 1930. Men's field handball was first played at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin, and the next time at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, and has been an Olympics sport since. Women's team handball was added at the 1976 Summer Olympics.
/m/04gxf	Lincoln is the capital and the second-most populous city of the state of Nebraska, after Omaha. Lincoln is also the county seat of Lancaster County and the home of the University of Nebraska. Lincoln's population in 2012 was estimated at 265,404.\nLincoln was founded in 1856 as the village of Lancaster, and became the county seat of the newly created Lancaster County in 1859. The capital of Nebraska Territory had been Omaha since the creation of the territory in 1854; however, most of the territory's population lived south of the Platte River. After much of the territory south of the Platte considered annexation to Kansas, the legislature voted to move the capital south of the river and as far west as possible. The village of Lancaster was chosen, in part due to the salt flats and marshes.\nOmaha interests attempted to derail the move by having Lancaster renamed after the recently assassinated President Abraham Lincoln. Many of the people south of the river had been sympathetic to the Confederate cause in the recently concluded Civil War, and it was assumed that the legislature would not pass the measure if the future capital were named after Abraham Lincoln. The choice to name the capital city \"Lincoln\" caused quite a stir among the constituents, whose sentiments were mixed regarding who should have won the Civil War.
/m/03tdlh	Lindsay Ann Crouse is an American actress.
/m/07l8f	The Tampa Bay Rays are a Major League Baseball team based in St. Petersburg, Florida. They are currently a member of the American League East Division. Since their inception, their home venue has been Tropicana Field. Their current manager is Joe Maddon.\nFollowing nearly three decades of unsuccessfully trying to gain an expansion franchise or enticing existing teams to relocate to the Tampa Bay area, an ownership group led by Vince Naimoli was approved in 1995. The Tampa Bay Devil Rays began play in the 1998 Major League Baseball season.\nTheir first decade of play, however, was marked by futility; they finished in last place in the American League East in all but the 2004 season, when they finished in fourth place. Following the 2007 season, Stuart Sternberg, who had purchased controlling interest in the team from Vince Naimoli two years earlier, changed the team's name to \"Rays\" to represent the team as \"...a beacon that radiates throughout Tampa Bay and across the entire state of Florida\". The team's largely disliked original rainbow color scheme was changed to Navy blue, Columbia blue, and gold; a new serifed logo with a stylized asymmetrical sunburst was also adopted. Save for \"Turn Back the Clock\" games, in which \"throwback\" uniforms are worn, the same logo appears on all regular and alternate home and road jerseys. A variation of the old manta ray logo was retained as a sleeve logo. Amid persistent rumors that the team may be contracted at some future date, the 2008 season saw the Tampa Bay Rays have their first winning season with a 97–65 record and win their first AL East championship. They defeated the rival Boston Red Sox to win the American League Championship, but lost to the National League champion Philadelphia Phillies in that year's World Series. Since then, the Rays won their second AL East championship in 2010 and have qualified for the postseason as a wild card team in 2011 and 2013.
/m/02yw1c	Melodic death metal is an extreme subgenre of heavy metal music that combines elements from the New Wave of British Heavy Metal with elements of death metal. The style originated and developed in Sweden during the early and mid-1990s. The Swedish death metal scene did much to popularize the style, which soon centered in the \"Gothenburg metal\" scene in Gothenburg, Sweden. Among them, finnish Death Metal band Sentenced deserves mention as well through their 1993 album North from Here.
/m/04jlgp	Billie Honor Whitelaw, CBE is an English actress. She worked in close collaboration with Irish playwright Samuel Beckett for 25 years and is regarded as one of the foremost interpreters of his works. She is also known for her portrayal of Mrs Baylock, the demonic nanny in The Omen.\nWhitelaw was appointed CBE in the 1991 Birthday Honours list.
/m/024cg8	The University of Dundee is a public research university based in the city and Royal burgh of Dundee on the east coast of the central Lowlands of Scotland.\nFounded in 1881 the institution was, for most of its early existence, a constituent college of the University of St Andrews alongside United College and St Mary's College located in the town of St Andrews itself. Following significant expansion, the University of Dundee became an independent body in 1967 whilst retaining much of its ancient heritage and governance structure. Since its independence, the university has grown to become an internationally recognised centre for research.\nThe main campus of the university is located in Dundee's West End, which also contains the university's affiliated Duncan of Jordanstone College of Art and Design and the Dundee Dental Hospital and School. The university also has additional facilities at Ninewells Hospital – containing its School of Medicine, Perth Royal Infirmary – which houses a clinical research centre, and in Kirkcaldy, Fife – containing part of its school of Nursing and Midwifery. Dundee has developed a significant reputation for students entering the traditional professions most notably law, medicine and dentistry as well as emerging areas such as life sciences and art.
/m/021_z5	New jack swing or swingbeat is a fusion genre spearheaded by Teddy Riley and Bernard Belle that became popular from the late-1980s into the early 1990s. Its influence, along with hip-hop, seeped into pop culture and was the definitive sound of the inventive Black New York club scene. It fuses the rhythms, samples, and production techniques of hip-hop and dance-pop with the urban contemporary sound of R&B. The new jack swing style developed as many previous music styles did, by combining elements of older styles with newer sensibilities. It used R&B style vocals sung over hip hop and dance-pop style influenced instrumentation. The sound of new jack swing comes from the hip hop \"swing\" beats created by drum machine, and hardware samplers, which was popular during the golden age of hip hop, with contemporary R&B style singing.\nMerriam-Webster's online dictionary defines new jack swing as \"pop music usually performed by black musicians that combines elements of traditional jazz, electronica, smooth jazz, funk, rap, and rhythm and blues.\" Encyclopædia Britannica calls it the \"most pop-oriented rhythm-and-blues music since 1960s Motown\", since its \"performers were unabashed entertainers, free of artistic pretensions; its songwriters and producers were commercial professionals.\" New jack swing did not take up the trend of using sampled beats, and instead created beats using the then-new SP-1200 sampler and Roland TR-808 drum machine to lay an \"insistent beat under light melody lines and clearly enunciated vocals.\" Encyclopædia Britannica states that the \"key producers\" were Babyface and Teddy Riley.
/m/07_k0c0	The A-Team is a 2010 American action film based on the television series of the same name created by Frank Lupo and Stephen J. Cannell. Co-written and directed by Joe Carnahan, the film stars Liam Neeson, Bradley Cooper, Quinton Jackson, Sharlto Copley, Jessica Biel, Patrick Wilson, and Brian Bloom. The film tells the story \"The A-Team\", a Special Forces team imprisoned for a crime they did not commit, who escape and set out to clear their names. The film was produced by Stephen J. Cannell, Ridley Scott, and Tony Scott.\nThe film had been in development since the mid-1990s, having gone through a number of writers and story ideas, and being put on hold a number of times. Upon its release, the film received mixed reviews from critics and performed slightly below expectations at the box office.
/m/02z1nbg	The National Board of Review of Motion Pictures Award for Best Actress is one of the annual film awards given by the National Board of Review of Motion Pictures.
/m/01sqd7	Maverick Recording Company was an American record label owned by Warner Music Group, operated and distributed through Warner Bros. Records. The label was founded in 1992 by Madonna, Frederick DeMann and Veronica \"Ronnie\" Dashev. Active from the early 1990s through the middle 2000s, the label scored its more notable success with such acts as Alanis Morissette, Michelle Branch, The Prodigy, Deftones and Candlebox. Since 2008, however, the label has been in hibernation, with its retained acts now recording for Warner Bros. directly.
/m/022rry	The Scroll and Key Society is a secret society, founded in 1842 at Yale University, in New Haven, Connecticut. It is the second oldest Yale secret society and has many distinguished members. Each year, the society admits fifteen rising seniors to participate in its activities and carry on its traditions.
/m/078sj4	Syriana is a 2005 geopolitical thriller film written and directed by Stephen Gaghan, and executive produced by George Clooney, who also stars in the film with an ensemble cast. Gaghan's screenplay is loosely adapted from Robert Baer's memoir See No Evil. The film focuses on petroleum politics and the global influence of the oil industry, whose political, economic, legal, and social effects are experienced by a Central Intelligence Agency operative, an energy analyst, a Washington, D.C., attorney, and a young unemployed Pakistani migrant worker in an Arab state in the Persian Gulf. The film also features an extensive supporting cast including Amanda Peet, Tim Blake Nelson, Mark Strong, Alexander Siddig, Amr Waked, and Academy Award winners Christopher Plummer, Chris Cooper, and William Hurt.\nAs with Gaghan's screenplay for Traffic, Syriana uses multiple, parallel storylines, jumping between locations in Iran, Texas, Washington, D.C., Switzerland, Spain, and Lebanon.\nClooney won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role as Bob Barnes, and Gaghan's script was nominated by the Academy for Best Original Screenplay. As of April 20, 2006, the film had grossed a total of $50.82 million in U.S. box offices and $42.9 million overseas, for a total of $93.73 million.
/m/0k525	Carl Adolf \"Max\" von Sydow is a Swedish actor who has also held French citizenship since 2002. He has starred in many films and had supporting roles in dozens more in many languages, including Swedish, Norwegian, English, Italian, German, Danish, French and Spanish. Von Sydow received the Royal Foundation of Sweden's Cultural Award in 1954, the Commandeur des Arts et des Lettres in 2005 and the Légion d'honneur in 2010.\nSome of his most memorable film roles include Knight Antonius Block in Ingmar Bergman's The Seventh Seal, the first of his eleven films with Bergman, and the film that includes the iconic scenes in which he plays chess with Death; Martin in Through a Glass Darkly; Jesus in The Greatest Story Ever Told; Oktober in The Quiller Memorandum; Karl Oskar Nilsson in The Emigrants; Father Lankester Merrin in The Exorcist; Joubert the assassin in Three Days of the Condor; Ming the Merciless in Flash Gordon; the villain Ernst Stavro Blofeld in the James Bond film Never Say Never Again; Liet-Kynes in Dune; Frederick in Hannah and Her Sisters; Lassefar in Pelle the Conqueror, for which he received his first Academy Award nomination; Dr. Peter Ingham in Awakenings; Lamar Burgess in Minority Report and The Renter in Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close, which earned him his second Academy Award nomination.
/m/03cd0x	Catwoman is a 2004 American superhero film directed by Pitof Comar and stars Halle Berry, Sharon Stone, Benjamin Bratt, Lambert Wilson, Frances Conroy and Alex Borstein. The film is loosely based on the DC Comics character of the same name, who is traditionally an anti-heroine and love interest of the superhero Batman. The plot features a completely new character, Patience Phillips, taking the Catwoman name, and viewing the traditional Catwoman as a historical figure. The film was poorly received by critics and audiences and is commonly listed as one of the worst films ever made.
/m/0c53vt	The 27th Academy Awards honored the best films produced in 1954. The Best Picture winner, On the Waterfront, was produced by Sam Spiegel and directed by Elia Kazan. It had twelve nominations and eight wins, matching two other films, Gone with the Wind and From Here to Eternity, even though those two each had thirteen nominations.\nThe low-budget, black and white On the Waterfront was filmed entirely on location in Hoboken and told the gritty story of New York dock workers, brutality, corruption, and embroilment with a gangster union boss. It provided an expose of union racketeering while showcasing the murder of an innocent longshoreman. Kazan and screenwriter Budd Schulberg justified their own naming of names as friendly witnesses before the House Un-American Activities Committee in the early 1950s with the film's story of heroic longshoreman informant Terry Malloy who stood alone and turned witness against the corrupt and intimidating union bosses and became a marked 'pigeon'.\nA \"rematch\" occurred in the category of Best Actor, where Marlon Brando and Humphrey Bogart were competing again for the first time since Bogart beat him three years earlier. In a surprise win, Brando received his first Oscar for his performance in On the Waterfront, which is now seen as one of the most justified upsets in Oscar history.
/m/05f7w84	Kid vs. Kat is a Canadian-American animated television series developed and produced at Studio B Productions. The show was created and co-directed by Rob Boutilier. The series is distributed by Studio B Productions. The feature revolves around a 10-year-old boy's constant battle with his sister's Sphinx cat which, in reality, is a cybernetic alien.\nThe show premiered on YTV in Canada on October 25, 2008, aired on Disney XD in the United States on February 21, 2009, and then ended on June 4, 2011. It ran for 2 seasons, spanning 52 episodes.
/m/01vvdm	Sammy Cahn was an American lyricist, songwriter and musician. He is best known for his romantic lyrics to films and Broadway songs, as well as stand-alone songs premiered by recording companies in the Greater Los Angeles Area. He and his collaborators had a series of hit recordings with Frank Sinatra during the singer's tenure at Capitol Records, but also enjoyed hits with Dean Martin, Doris Day and many others. He played the piano and violin. He won the Academy Award four times for his songs, including the popular song \"Three Coins in the Fountain\".\nAmong his most enduring songs is \"Let It Snow! Let It Snow! Let It Snow!\", cowritten with Jule Styne in 1945.
/m/0f8j6	Kensington is a district of west London, England, within the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea. Its commercial heart is Kensington High Street. This affluent and densely populated area contains the well-known museum district of South Kensington.\nTo the north, Kensington is bordered by Notting Hill and Holland Park; to the east, by Brompton and Knightsbridge; to the south, by Chelsea and Earl's Court; and to the west, by Hammersmith and Shepherd's Bush.
/m/0ymf1	University College, is a constituent college of the University of Oxford in England. It was founded in 1249.\nAs of 2009 the college had an estimated financial endowment of £110m.
/m/027y_	Douglas Coupland is a Canadian novelist. His fiction is complemented by recognized works in design and visual art arising from his early formal training. His first novel, the 1991 international bestseller Generation X: Tales for an Accelerated Culture, popularized terms such as McJob and Generation X. He has published thirteen novels, two collections of short stories, seven non-fiction books, and a number of dramatic works and screenplays for film and television. A specific feature of Coupland's novels is their synthesis of postmodern religion, Web 2.0 technology, human sexuality, and pop culture.\nCoupland lives in West Vancouver, British Columbia with his partner David Weir. He published his twelfth novel Generation A in 2009. He also released an updated version of City of Glass and a biography on Marshall McLuhan for Penguin Canada in their Extraordinary Canadians series, called Extraordinary Canadians: Marshall McLuhan. He is the presenter of the 2010 Massey Lectures, and a companion novel to the lectures, Player One – What Is to Become of Us: A Novel in Five Hours. Coupland has been longlisted twice for the Scotiabank Giller Prize in 2006 and 2010, respectively, was a finalist for the Writers' Trust Fiction Prize in 2009, and was nominated for the Hubert Evans Non-Fiction Prize in 2011 for Extraordinary Canadians: Marshall McLuhan.
/m/016z7s	The Madness of King George is a 1994 film directed by Nicholas Hytner and adapted by Alan Bennett from his own play, The Madness of George III. It tells the true story of George III's deteriorating mental health, and his equally declining relationship with his son, the Prince of Wales, particularly focusing on the period around the Regency Crisis of 1788. Modern medicine has suggested the King's symptoms were the result of acute intermittent porphyria. Filming of the movie took place from 11 July to 9 September 1994.
/m/0zm1	Anton Pavlovich Chekhov was a Russian physician, dramaturge and author who is considered to be among the greatest writers of short stories in history. His career as a dramatist produced four classics and his best short stories are held in high esteem by writers and critics. Chekhov practised as a medical doctor throughout most of his literary career: \"Medicine is my lawful wife\", he once said, \"and literature is my mistress.\"\nChekhov renounced the theatre after the disastrous reception of The Seagull in 1896, but the play was revived to acclaim in 1898 by Constantin Stanislavski's Moscow Art Theatre, which subsequently also produced Chekhov's Uncle Vanya and premiered his last two plays, Three Sisters and The Cherry Orchard. These four works present a challenge to the acting ensemble as well as to audiences, because in place of conventional action Chekhov offers a \"theatre of mood\" and a \"submerged life in the text.\"\nChekhov had at first written stories only for financial gain, but as his artistic ambition grew, he made formal innovations which have influenced the evolution of the modern short story. His originality consists in an early use of the stream-of-consciousness technique, later adopted by James Joyce and other modernists, combined with a disavowal of the moral finality of traditional story structure. He made no apologies for the difficulties this posed to readers, insisting that the role of an artist was to ask questions, not to answer them.
/m/02k54	Egypt, is a transcontinental country spanning the northeast corner of Africa and southwest corner of Asia, via a land bridge formed by the Sinai Peninsula. Most of its territory of 1,010,000 square kilometers lies within the Nile Valley of North Africa and is bordered by the Mediterranean Sea to the north, the Gaza Strip and Israel to the northeast, the Gulf of Aqaba to the east, the Red Sea to the east and south, Sudan to the south and Libya to the west.\nWith over 84 million inhabitants, Egypt is one of the most populous countries in Africa and the Middle East, and the 15th-most populated in the world. The great majority of its people live near the banks of the Nile River, an area of about 40,000 square kilometers, where the only arable land is found. The large regions of the Sahara Desert, which constitute most of Egypt's territory, are sparsely inhabited. About half of Egypt's residents live in urban areas, with most spread across the densely populated centres of greater Cairo, Alexandria and other major cities in the Nile Delta.\nEgypt has one of the longest histories of any modern state, having been continuously inhabited since the 10th millennium BC. Its monuments, such as the Giza Necropolis and its Great Sphinx, were constructed by its ancient civilization, which was one of the most powerful of its time and one of the first six civilizations to arise independently in the world. Its ancient ruins, such as those of Memphis, Thebes, Karnak, and the Valley of the Kings outside Luxor, are a significant focus of archaeological study and popular interest from around the world. Egypt's rich cultural legacy, as well as the attraction of its Red Sea Riviera, have made tourism a vital part of the economy, employing about 12 percent of the country's workforce.
/m/03pmty	Tate Buckley Donovan is an American actor and director. He is known for his role in the FX drama Damages, as Tom Shayes, and for his role as Jimmy Cooper in the American teen drama television series The O.C.. He voiced the title character Hercules in Disney's thirty-fifth animated feature film, in the animated television series and in the video games Kingdom Hearts II and Kingdom Hearts Re:Coded. He currently stars as Brian Sanders on the CBS drama Hostages.
/m/01c7y	Bengali or Bangla is an eastern Indo-Aryan language. It is native to the region of eastern South Asia known as Bengal, which comprises present-day Bangladesh, the Indian state of West Bengal, and parts of the Indian states of Tripura and Assam. It is written using the Bengali script. With about 220 million native and about 250 million total speakers, Bengali is one of the most spoken languages, ranked seventh in the world. The national song of India, national anthem of India, and the national anthem of Bangladesh were composed in the Bengali language.\nAlong with other Eastern Indo-Aryan languages, Bengali evolved circa 1000–1200 CE from eastern Middle Indo-Aryan dialects such as the Magadhi Prakrit and Pali, which developed from a dialect or group of dialects that were close, but not identical to, Vedic and Classical Sanskrit. Literary Bengali saw borrowings from Classical Sanskrit, preserving spelling while adapting pronunciation to that of Bengali, during the period of Middle Bengali and the Bengali Renaissance. The modern literary form of Bengali was developed during the 19th and early 20th centuries based on the dialect spoken in the Nadia region, a west-central Bengali dialect. Bengali presents a strong case of diglossia, with the literary and standard form differing greatly from the colloquial speech of the regions that identify with the language. Standard Bengali in West Bengal and Bangladesh are marked by some differences in usage, accent, and phonetics. Today, literary form and dialects of Bengali constitute the primary language spoken in Bangladesh and the second most commonly spoken language in India.
/m/074r0	Saint John is the largest city in the Canadian province of New Brunswick, and the second largest in the maritime provinces. It is known as the Fundy City due to its location on the north shore of the Bay of Fundy at the mouth of the Saint John River, as well as being the only city on the bay. Saint John was the first incorporated city in Canada.\nSaint John had a population of 70,063 in 2011 over an area of 315.82 square kilometres. The Saint John metropolitan area covers a land area of 3,362.95 square kilometres across the Caledonia Highlands, with a population of 127,761, marking an increase of 4.4% since 2006.
/m/066wd	Professional wrestling is a mode of spectacle which combines athletics and theatrical performance. It takes the form of events, held by touring companies, which mimic a title match combat sport. The unique form of sport portrayed is fundamentally based on classical and \"catch\" wrestling, with modern additions of striking attacks, strength-based holds and throws, and acrobatic maneuvers; much of these derive from the influence of various international martial arts. An additional aspect of combat with improvised weaponry is sometimes included to varying degrees.\nThe matches have predetermined outcomes in order to heighten entertainment value, and all combative maneuvers are executed with the full cooperation of those involved and carefully performed in specific manners intended to lessen the chance of actual injury. These facts were once kept highly secretive but are now a widely accepted open secret. By and large, the true nature of the performance is not discussed by the performing company in order to sustain and promote the willing suspension of disbelief for the audience by maintaining an aura of verisimilitude.
/m/04qmr	Linkin Park is an American rock band from Agoura Hills, California. Formed in 1996, the band rose to international fame with their debut album Hybrid Theory, which was certified Diamond by the RIAA in 2005 and multi-platinum in several other countries. Their following studio album Meteora, continued the band's success, topping the Billboard 200 album chart in 2003, and was followed by extensive touring and charity work around the world. In 2003, MTV2 named Linkin Park the sixth-greatest band of the music video era and the third-best of the new millennium. Billboard ranked Linkin Park No. 19 on the Best Artists of the Decade chart. The band was recently voted as the greatest artist of '00s in a Bracket Madness poll on VH1.\nHaving adapted nu metal and rap metal to a radio-friendly yet densely layered style in Hybrid Theory and Meteora, the band explored other genres in their next studio album, Minutes to Midnight. The album topped the Billboard charts and had the third-best debut week of any album that year. The band continued to explore a wider variation of musical types in their fourth album, A Thousand Suns, layering their music with more electronic sounds and beats. Their most recent work, Living Things, combines musical elements from all of their previous records. The band has collaborated with several other artists, most notably with rapper Jay-Z in their mashup EP Collision Course, and many others on Reanimation and Recharged. Linkin Park has sold over 60 million albums worldwide and has won two Grammy Awards.
/m/03djpm	Post-industrial music is a collection of related music genres that emerged in the early 1980s, all of which blended elements of varying styles with the then new genre of industrial music. \"Industrial\" had first been applied to music in the mid-1970s by the Industrial Records label artists. Since then, a number of labels and artists have come to be called \"industrial\". These offshoots include fusions with noise music, ambient music, folk music, and electronic dance music, as well as other mutations and developments. The scene has spread worldwide, and is particularly well represented in North America, Europe, and Japan. The most commercially successful post-industrial subgenre is industrial metal.
/m/07w8f	Unitarian Universalism, or Unitarianism, is a liberal religion characterized by a \"free and responsible search for truth and meaning\". Unitarian Universalists do not share a creed, but are unified by their shared search for spiritual growth. The roots of Unitarian Universalism are in liberal Christianity, specifically Unitarianism and Christian Universalism. From these traditions comes a deep regard for intellectual freedom and inclusive love, so that currently individual congregations and members actively seek inspiration in and derive spiritual practices from all major world religions.\nThe theology of individual Unitarian Universalists ranges widely, including Humanism, Atheism, Agnosticism, Pantheism, Deism, Christianity, Judaism, Neopaganism, Buddhism, and many more.\nThe Unitarian Universalist Association was formed in 1961, a consolidation of the American Unitarian Association, established in 1825, and the Universalist Church of America, established in 1866. It is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts, and serves churches mostly in the United States. The Canadian Unitarian Council became an independent body in 2002.
/m/02f9wb	Martha Mills \"Marti\" Noxon is an American television and film writer first known for writing and producing Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
/m/02lzy0	A massively multiplayer online game is a multiplayer video game which is capable of supporting large numbers of players simultaneously. By necessity, they are played on the Internet. Many games have at least one persistent world, however others just have large numbers of players competing at once in one form or another without any lasting effect to the world at all. These games can be found for most network-capable platforms, including the personal computer, video game console, or smartphones and other mobile devices.\nMMOGs can enable players to cooperate and compete with each other on a large scale, and sometimes to interact meaningfully with people around the world. They include a variety of gameplay types, representing many video game genres.
/m/045cq	John Michael Frankenheimer was an American film and television director known for social dramas and action/suspense films. Among his credits were Birdman of Alcatraz, The Manchurian Candidate, Seven Days in May, The Train, Seconds, Grand Prix, French Connection II, Black Sunday, and Ronin.\nFrankenheimer won four consecutive Emmy Awards in the 1990s for the television movies Against the Wall, The Burning Season, Andersonville, and George Wallace, which also received a Golden Globe award. He was considered one of the last remaining directors who insisted on having complete control over all elements of production, making his style unique in Hollywood.\nFrankenheimer's 30 feature films and over 50 plays for television were notable for their influence on contemporary thought. He became a pioneer of the \"modern-day political thriller,\" having begun his career at the peak of the Cold War. Many of his films were noted for creating \"psychological dilemmas\" for his male protagonists along with having a strong \"sense of environment,\" similar in style to films by director Sidney Lumet, for whom he had earlier worked as assistant director. He developed a \"tremendous propensity for exploring political situations\" which would ensnare his characters.
/m/04kjrv	Matthew James Bellamy is an English musician, singer, songwriter,multi-instrumentalist and composer. He is best known as the lead vocalist, lead guitarist, pianist, and main songwriter of the rock band Muse. As a performer, he is often recognised for his eccentric stage persona as well as his piano and guitar playing abilities.
/m/07srw	Utah is a state in the United States. It became the 45th state admitted to the Union on January 4, 1896. Utah is the 13th-largest, the 33rd-most populous, and the 10th-least-densely populated of the 50 United States. Utah has a population of about 2.9 million, approximately 80% of whom live along the Wasatch Front, centering on Salt Lake City, leaving vast expanses of the state nearly uninhabited. Utah is bordered by Colorado to the east, Wyoming to the northeast, Idaho to the north, Arizona to the south, and Nevada to the west. It also touches a corner of New Mexico in the southeast.\nUtah is the most religiously homogeneous state in the Union. Approximately 62% of Utahns are reported to be members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints or LDS, which greatly influences Utah culture and daily life. The world headquarters of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints is located in Utah's state capital, Salt Lake City.\nThe state is a center of transportation, education, information technology and research, government services, mining, and a major tourist destination for outdoor recreation. According to U.S. Census Bureau population estimates, Utah is the second fastest-growing state in the United States as of 2013. St. George was the fastest–growing metropolitan area in the United States from 2000 to 2005. A 2012 Gallup national survey found Utah overall to be the \"best state to live in\" based on 13 forward-looking measurements including various economic, lifestyle, and health-related outlook metrics.
/m/03fhj1	KF Tirana are the most successful Albanian football club, earning 49 major trophies in the country and are branch of multi-disciplinary Sport Klub of Tirana.\n\"White and blues\" are one of the most popular football clubs in Tirana, with a considerable number of supporters in Albania and worldwide. KF Tirana team plays its home games in the capital of Albania, Tirana, at the Selman Stërmasi Stadium or at the Qemal Stafa stadium. The club was founded on 16 August 1920 under the name of \"Agimi Sports Association\". In 1927 the club was changed to SK Tirana, in 1947 to \"17 Nëntori Tirana\", in 1952 to \"Puna Tirana\", in 1956 again to \"KS 17 Nëntori\", and in 1991 the club was divided into two branches, the multi-disciplinary branch named \"KS Tirana\" and the footballing branch named as \"KF Tirana\". Tirana have won their first title of Albanian championship in the first Albanian Football Championship.\nKF Tirana are the only club in Albania to have participated at all the championships of the top flight since 1930 as well as all the Albanian Cups started in 1938.\nAdditionally, the multi-trophy team represents the most successful Albanian team in Europe having passed 11 times the first round along their 46-year history. The club participated in the European Cup competition in 1965–66 for the first time. White and blues hold the all-time record for the highest IFFHS ranking of an Albanian football club, being ranked as high as 31st in the World in 1987, as result of success preceded 1986-87. KF Tirana have been appointed an ECA member.
/m/02nrdp	Dominick \"Dom\" DeLuise was an American actor, comedian, film director, television producer, chef, and author. He was the husband of actress Carol Arthur from 1965 until his death and the father of actor, director, pianist, and writer Peter DeLuise, actor David DeLuise, and actor Michael DeLuise. He starred in a number of movies directed by Mel Brooks, in a series of films with career-long best friend Burt Reynolds, and as a voice actor in various animated films by Don Bluth.
/m/03zyvw	Nancy Marchand was an American actress, whose career encompassed both stage and screen. Standing almost 6 feet tall, she began her career in theatre in 1951. She was perhaps most famous for her television portrayals of Margaret Pynchon on Lou Grant and Livia Soprano on The Sopranos.
/m/0nvg4	Kane County is a county located in the U.S. state of Illinois. According to the 2010 census, it has a population of 515,269, which is an increase of 27.5% from 404,119 in 2000. Its county seat is Geneva, and its largest city is Aurora.\nKane County is one of the five collar counties of the Chicago metropolitan area.
/m/0138t4	Trinity Hall is a constituent college of the University of Cambridge, England. It is the fifth-oldest college of the university, having been founded in 1350 by William Bateman, Bishop of Norwich.
/m/03d2k	George Benson is a ten-time Grammy Award-winning American musician and singer-songwriter. He began his professional career at twenty-one, as a jazz guitarist. Benson uses a rest-stroke picking technique similar to that of gypsy jazz players such as Django Reinhardt.\nA former child prodigy, Benson first came to prominence in the 1960s, playing soul jazz with Jack McDuff and others. He then launched a successful solo career, alternating between jazz, pop, R&B singing, and scat singing. His album Breezin' was certified triple-platinum on the Billboard 200 chart in 1976. His concerts were well attended through the 1980s, and still has a large following. He has received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
/m/0hkpn	Yekaterinburg, alternatively romanized as Ekaterinburg, is the fourth-largest city in Russia and the administrative center of Sverdlovsk Oblast, located in the middle of the Eurasian continent, on the border of Europe and Asia. Population: 1,349,772.\nYekaterinburg is the main industrial and cultural center of the Ural Federal District. Between 1924 and 1991, the city was named Sverdlovsk after the Communist party leader Yakov Sverdlov.
/m/03m6_z	Ryan Thomas Gosling is a Canadian actor, director, writer and musician. He began his career as a child star on the Disney Channel's Mickey Mouse Club and went on to appear in other family entertainment programs including Are You Afraid of the Dark?, Goosebumps, Breaker High and Young Hercules. His first starring role was as a Jewish neo-Nazi in The Believer, and he then built a reputation for playing misfits in independent films such as Murder by Numbers, The Slaughter Rule, and The United States of Leland.\nGosling came to the attention of a wider audience in 2004 with a leading role in the romantic drama The Notebook, for which he won four Teen Choice Awards and an MTV Movie Award. His performance as a drug-addicted teacher in Half Nelson was nominated for an Academy Award and his performance as a socially inept loner in Lars and the Real Girl was nominated for a Golden Globe Award. Also in 2007, he starred in the courtroom thriller Fracture. After a three-year acting hiatus, Gosling starred in Blue Valentine, earning him a second Golden Globe nomination. 2011 proved to be a landmark year for the actor as he appeared in three mainstream films – the romantic comedy Crazy, Stupid, Love, the political drama The Ides of March and the thriller Drive – and received two Golden Globe nominations. In 2013, he starred in the period crime feature Gangster Squad, the generational drama The Place Beyond the Pines, and the violent revenge film Only God Forgives.
/m/01xn6mc	Club de Fútbol Atlante, is a Mexican professional football club, currently playing in the Liga MX. The club is based in Cancún, Mexico as of the start of the 2007-08 season, when they relocated from Mexico City, and plays its home games in Estadio Andrés Quintana Roo.
/m/02bq1j	Yale Law School is the law school of Yale University, located in New Haven, Connecticut, United States. The school's small size and prestige makes its admissions process the most selective of any law school in the United States. Established in 1824, Yale Law offers the J.D., LL.M., J.S.D. and M.S.L. degrees in law. Starting in 2013, YLS will also offer a Ph.D. in law. Yale Law has been ranked the number one law school in the country by U.S. News and World Report every year since the magazine began publishing law school rankings. Yale Law has been described as the closest thing that the United States has to an Ecole Normale Superieure, the training place for leaders of a society.\nYale Law has produced a large number of luminaries in law and politics, including United States Presidents Gerald Ford and Bill Clinton. The law school's Lillian Goldman Law Library has been memorialized as the meeting place of Bill Clinton and fellow student Hillary Clinton, the 67th Secretary of State. Former President William Howard Taft was a professor of constitutional law at Yale Law School from 1913 until he resigned to become Chief Justice of the United States in 1921. Alumni also include current United States Supreme Court Justices Clarence Thomas, Samuel Alito and Sonia Sotomayor, as well as a number of former Justices, including Abe Fortas, Potter Stewart and Byron White; several heads of state around the world, including Karl Carstens, the fifth President of Germany, and Jose P. Laurel, the president of the Republic of the Philippines; and the current deans of six of the ten top-ranked law schools in the United States: Yale, Harvard, Columbia, Chicago, Virginia, and Penn.
/m/05t2fh4	The Jonas Brothers World Tour 2009 was the sixth concert tour and third headlining tour by the Jonas Brothers. It began on May 18, 2009 in Lima, Peru and ended on December 13, 2009 in San Juan, Puerto Rico. The Jonas Brothers played on multiple continents around the world. Honor Society served as an opening act, with Jordin Sparks as a special guest. The tour coincided with the release of their fourth studio album Lines, Vines and Trying Times which was released on June 16, 2009. The tour won the Eventful Fans' Choice Award at the 2009 Billboard Touring Awards and became the 6th highest selling tour in 2009 after The Circus Tour, the I Am... Tour, the Sticky & Sweet Tour, the U2 360° Tour and the Wonder World Tour.
/m/07lnk	Trance is a genre of electronic dance music that developed in the 1990s in Germany. It is characterized by a tempo of between 125 and mid 160 beats per minute, repeating melodic phrases, and a musical form that builds up and down throughout a track. Trance is a genre on its own, but also will include other styles of electronic music such as techno, house, pop, chill-out, classical music, and film music.\nA trance refers to a state of hypnotism and lessened consciousness. This drifting sensation is portrayed in the genre by mixing many layers and rhythms to create build and release. For example, a characteristic of virtually all trance songs is the soft mid-song breakdown, beginning with and occurring after the orchestration is broken down and the rhythm tracks fade out rapidly, leaving the melody, atmospherics, or both to stand alone for anywhere from a few seconds to a few minutes. Another common characteristic would be the use of vocals often sung by a female voice ranging from mezzo-soprano to soprano sometimes without verse/chorus structure. This is sometimes catogorized into a sub-genre, Vocal Trance. Less often, the female vocals may be in a grand, soaring, or operatic style, which has been described as \"ethereal female leads floating amongst the synths\".
/m/02rv_dz	Juno is a 2007 Canadian-American comedy-drama film directed by Jason Reitman and written by Diablo Cody. Ellen Page stars as the title character, an independent-minded teenager confronting an unplanned pregnancy and the subsequent events that put pressures of adult life onto her. Michael Cera, Jennifer Garner, Jason Bateman, Allison Janney, and J. K. Simmons also star. Filming spanned from early February to March 2007 in Vancouver, British Columbia. It premiered on September 8 at the 2007 Toronto International Film Festival, receiving a standing ovation.\nJuno won the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay and earned three other Oscar nominations, including Best Picture and Best Actress for Page. The film's soundtrack, featuring several songs performed by Kimya Dawson in various guises, was the first chart-topping soundtrack since Dreamgirls and 20th Century Fox's first number one soundtrack since Titanic. Juno earned back its initial budget of $6.5 million in twenty days, the first nineteen of which were when the film was in limited release. It went on to earn $231 million. Juno received positive reviews from critics, many of whom placed the film on their top ten lists for the year. It has received criticism and praise from members of the pro-life and pro-choice communities regarding its treatment of abortion.
/m/04682_	St Helens is a large town in Merseyside, England. It is the largest settlement and administrative centre of the Metropolitan Borough of St Helens with a population of just over 100,000, while the larger metropolitan borough had a population of 176,843 at the time of the 2001 Census. The town was officially incorporated as a municipal borough in 1868 responsible for the administration of the 4 townships consisting of Eccleston, Parr, Sutton and Windle, with the larger responsibility as a county borough established in 1887.\nSt Helens is situated in the south west of the historic county of Lancashire, in North West England, 6 miles north of the River Mersey. The town historically lay within the ancient Lancashire division of West Derby known as a \"hundred\".\nThe local area developed rapidly during the Industrial Revolution of the 18th and 19th centuries into a significant centre for coal mining, and glassmaking. Both prior and during this time it was also home to a cotton and linen industry that lasted until the mid-19th century as well as salt, lime and alkali pits, copper smelting, and brewing.
/m/014ps4	Gene Wolfe is an American science fiction and fantasy writer. He is noted for his dense, allusive prose as well as the strong influence of his Catholic faith, to which he converted after marrying into the religion. He is a prolific short-story writer and novelist and has won many science fiction and fantasy literary awards.\nWolfe is most famous for The Book of the New Sun, the first part of his Solar Cycle. In 1998, Locus magazine ranked it third-best fantasy novel before 1990, based on a poll of subscribers that considered it and several other series as single entries.
/m/03ss47	A day school—as opposed to a boarding school—is an institution where children are given educational instruction during the day, after which children/teens return to their homes. The term can also be used to emphasize the length of full-day programs as opposed to after-school programs, as in Jewish day school.\nThe term day school is also increasingly used for a one-off series of lectures or classes, taking place on a single day, usually on a particular topic and usually directed at adult learners with little time to spare.
/m/06zrp44	The Franklin Medal was a scholarly and engineering award presented by the Franklin Institute, of Philadelphia, PA, USA.
/m/01vnt4	Timbales are shallow single-headed drums with metal casing, invented in Cuba. They are shallower than single-headed tom-toms, and usually tuned much higher. The player uses a variety of stick strokes, rim shots, and rolls to produce a wide range of percussive expression during solos and at transitional sections of music, and usually plays the shells of the drum or auxiliary percussion such as a cowbell or cymbal to keep time in other parts of the song.\nThe shells are referred to as cáscara, which is also the name of a rhythmic pattern common in salsa music that is played on the shells of the timbales. The shells are usually made of metal, but some manufacturers offer shells of maple and other woods. The heads are light, and tuned fairly high for their size.\nTimbales is also the French word for timpani, thus the French refer to Cuban timbales as timbales latines.
/m/03h2c	Honduras, officially the Republic of Honduras, is a republic in Central America. It was at times referred to as Spanish Honduras to differentiate it from British Honduras, which became the modern-day state of Belize. The country is bordered to the west by Guatemala, to the southwest by El Salvador, to the southeast by Nicaragua, to the south by the Pacific Ocean at the Gulf of Fonseca, and to the north by the Gulf of Honduras, a large inlet of the Caribbean Sea.\nHonduras was home to several important indigenous cultures, most notably the Maya. Much of the country was conquered by Spain which introduced its now predominant language and many of its customs in the sixteenth century. It became independent in 1821 and has been a republic since the end of Spanish rule.\nThe area of Honduras is about 112,492 km² and the population exceeds eight million. Its northern portions are part of the Western Caribbean Zone. Honduras is most notable for production of minerals, coffee, tropical fruit, sugar cane and recently for exporting clothing to the international market.
/m/04110b0	The 1954 Major League Baseball season. For the second consecutive season, an MLB franchise relocated, as the St. Louis Browns moved to Baltimore and became the Baltimore Orioles, who played their home games at Memorial Stadium.
/m/0281y0	Encino is a neighborhood in the San Fernando Valley region of Los Angeles, California. Encino has three public and eight private schools, including two private high schools, and the community has been the home of many notable people.\nThe Los Encinos State Historic Park and the Sepulveda Dam Recreation Area are located in Encino.\nThere are approximately 3,800 businesses employing about 27,000 people.
/m/0ymff	Wadham College is one of the constituent colleges of the University of Oxford in the United Kingdom. It is located in the centre of Oxford, at the intersection of Broad Street and Parks Road.\nWadham college was founded in 1610 by Dorothy Wadham, according to the will of her late husband Nicholas Wadham, a member of an ancient Somerset family. The central buildings, a notable example of Jacobean architecture, were designed by the architect William Arnold and erected between 1610 and 1613. They include a large and ornate Hall. Adjacent to the central buildings are the Wadham Gardens, notable for their collection of trees and one of the largest gardens amongst Oxford colleges.\nAmongst Wadham's most famous alumni is Sir Christopher Wren. Wren was part of a brilliant group of experimental scientists at Oxford, the Oxford Philosophical Club, which included Robert Boyle and Robert Hooke. This group held regular meetings at Wadham college under the guidance of the warden, John Wilkins, and the group formed the nucleus which went on to found the Royal Society.\nWadham is a liberal and progressive college, which aims to maintain the diversity of its student body and a friendly atmosphere. It was amongst the first group of Oxford colleges to admit women, in 1974, and the college has been a promoter of gay rights and equal rights for women.
/m/0n4z2	Sandoval County is a county located in the U.S. state of New Mexico. As of the 2010 census, the population was 131,561. The county seat is Bernalillo. It is part of the Albuquerque, New Mexico Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/099tbz	The Critics Choice Award for Best Acting Ensemble is one of the awards given to people working in the motion picture industry by the Broadcast Film Critics Association.
/m/015010	Winifred Jacqueline Fraser Bisset is a British actress. In 2010, she received one of France's highest honours, the Legion of Honour Insignia.\nBisset began her film career in 1965 and first came to prominence in 1968, starring opposite Frank Sinatra in The Detective and Steve McQueen in Bullitt, and received a most promising newcomer Golden Globe nomination for The Sweet Ride.\nIn the 1970s, she appeared in François Truffaut's Day for Night which won the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, Murder on the Orient Express, opposite Nick Nolte in The Deep and received a Golden Globe nomination for Who is Killing the Great Chefs of Europe?.\nOther film and TV credits include Rich and Famous, Class, her Golden Globe nominated role in Under the Volcano, her Cesar nominated role in La Cérémonie, her Emmy nominated role in the miniseries Joan of Arc and the BBC miniseries Dancing on the Edge, for which she won a Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress.
/m/02h400t	Financial services are the economic services provided by the finance industry, which encompasses a broad range of organizations that manage money, including credit unions, banks, credit card companies, insurance companies, accountancy companies, consumer finance companies, stock brokerages, investment funds and some government sponsored enterprises.\nAs of 2004, the financial services industry represented 20% of the market capitalization of the S&P 500 in the United States. The U.S. finance industry comprised only 10% of total non-farm business profits in 1947, but it grew to 50% by 2010. Over the same period, finance industry income as a proportion of GDP rose from 2.5% to 7.5%, and the finance industry's proportion of all corporate income rose from 10% to 20%.
/m/080h2	Vancouver, officially the City of Vancouver, is a coastal seaport city on the mainland of British Columbia, Canada. The 2011 census recorded 603,502 people in the city, making it the eighth largest Canadian municipality. Vancouver is one of the most ethnically and linguistically diverse cities in Canada; 52% of its residents have a first language other than English. The Greater Vancouver area of around 2.4 million inhabitants is the third most populous metropolitan area in the country and the most populous in Western Canada.\nThe City of Vancouver encompasses a land area of about 114 square kilometres, giving it a population density of about 5,249 people per square kilometre. Vancouver is the most densely populated Canadian municipality, and the fourth most densely populated city over 250,000 residents in North America, behind New York City, San Francisco, and Mexico City.\nThe original settlement, named Gastown, grew around the Hastings Mill logging sawmill and a nearby tavern, both established in 1867. Enlarging to become the townsite of Granville, with the announcement that the railhead would reach the site it was renamed \"Vancouver\" and incorporated as a city in 1886. By 1887, the transcontinental railway was extended to the city to take advantage of its large natural seaport, which soon became a vital link in a trade route between the Orient, Eastern Canada, and London. As of 2009, Port Metro Vancouver is the busiest and largest port in Canada, and the most diversified port in North America. While forestry remains its largest industry, Vancouver is well known as an urban centre surrounded by nature, making tourism its second-largest industry. Major film production studios in Vancouver and Burnaby have turned Metro Vancouver into one of the largest film production centres in North America, earning it the film industry nickname, Hollywood North.
/m/02ndbd	Garry Kent Marshall is an American actor, director, writer, and producer. His notable credits include creating Happy Days and The Odd Couple and directing Nothing In Common, Dear God, Pretty Woman, Frankie and Johnny, Runaway Bride, Georgia Rule, Valentine's Day, New Year's Eve and Beaches.
/m/0fx02	Ian Lancaster Fleming was an English author, journalist and naval intelligence officer, best known for his James Bond series of spy novels. Fleming came from a wealthy family connected to the merchant bank Robert Fleming & Co., and his father was the Member of Parliament for Henley from 1910 until his death on the Western Front in 1917. Educated at Eton, Sandhurst and the universities of Munich and Geneva, Fleming moved through a number of jobs before he started writing.\nWhile working for Britain's Naval Intelligence Division during the Second World War, Fleming was involved in planning Operation Goldeneye and in the planning and oversight of two intelligence units, 30 Assault Unit and T-Force. His wartime service and his career as a journalist provided much of the background, detail and depth of the James Bond novels.\nFleming wrote his first Bond novel, Casino Royale, in 1952. It was a success, with three print runs being commissioned to cope with the demand. Eleven Bond novels and two short-story collections followed between 1953 and 1966. The novels revolved around James Bond, an officer in the Secret Intelligence Service, commonly known as MI6. Bond was also known by his code number, 007, and was a commander in the Royal Naval Reserve. The Bond stories rank among the best-selling series of fictional books of all time, having sold over 100 million copies worldwide. Fleming also wrote the children's story Chitty-Chitty-Bang-Bang and two works of non-fiction. In 2008, The Times ranked Fleming fourteenth on its list of \"The 50 greatest British writers since 1945\".
/m/01jswq	Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University, popularly known as Virginia Tech, is a public land-grant, space-grant, and sea-grant university with the main campus in Blacksburg, Virginia, with other research and educational centers throughout the Commonwealth of Virginia, the National Capital Region, and international locations in Switzerland and the Dominican Republic.\nFounded in 1872 as an agricultural and mechanical land-grant college, Virginia Tech is a research university and one of the few public universities in the United States that maintains a corps of cadets.\nThe university fulfills its land-grant mission of transforming knowledge to practice through technological leadership and by fueling economic growth and job creation locally, regionally, and across Virginia.\nVirginia Tech has the largest number of degree offerings in Virginia, more than 125 campus buildings, a 2,600-acre main campus, off-campus educational facilities in six regions, a study-abroad site in Switzerland, and a 1,800-acre agriculture research farm near the main campus. The main Virginia Tech campus is located in the New River Valley in the valley and ridge physiographic region of the Appalachian Mountains in southwestern Virginia, a few miles from the Jefferson National Forest in Montgomery County.
/m/046_v	Jack Kirby, born Jacob Kurtzberg, was an American comic book artist, writer and editor regarded by historians and fans as one of the major innovators and most influential creators in the comic book medium.\nKirby grew up poor in New York City and learned to draw cartoon figures by tracing characters from comic strips and editorial cartoons. He entered the nascent comics industry in the 1930s and drew various comics features under different pen names, including Jack Curtiss, ultimately settling on Jack Kirby. In 1940, he and writer-editor Joe Simon created the highly successful superhero character Captain America for Timely Comics, predecessor of Marvel Comics. During the 1940s, Kirby, generally teamed with Simon, created numerous characters for that company and for National Comics, the company that later became DC Comics.\nAfter serving in World War II, Kirby returned to comics and worked in a variety of genres. He produced work for a number of publishers, including DC, Harvey Comics, Hillman Periodicals and Crestwood Publications, where he and Simon created the genre of romance comics. He and Simon also launched their own short-lived comic company, Mainline Publications. Kirby ultimately found himself at Timely's 1950s iteration, Atlas Comics, soon to become Marvel. There, in the 1960s, he and writer-editor Stan Lee co-created many of Marvel's major characters, including the Fantastic Four, the X-Men, and the Hulk. Despite the high sales and critical acclaim of the Lee-Kirby titles, however, Kirby felt treated unfairly, and left the company in 1970 for rival DC.
/m/029ghl	Bo Derek is an American film and television actress, movie producer, and model perhaps best known for her role in the 1979 film 10. The film also launched a bestselling poster for Derek in a swimsuit, and subsequently she became one of the most popular sex symbols in the 1980s. Her later films were not well-received, either critically or at the box office. She makes occasional film, television and documentary appearances.
/m/04bdzg	Joshua Lucas Easy Dent Maurer is an American actor. He has appeared in many films, including Glory Road, Sweet Home Alabama, A Beautiful Mind, Stealth, Poseidon and J. Edgar.
/m/02v2jy	Mervyn Edward \"Merv\" Griffin, Jr. was an American television host, musician, actor, and media mogul. He began his career as a radio and big band singer who went on to appear in film and on Broadway. From 1965 to 1986 Griffin hosted his own talk show, The Merv Griffin Show, produced by Westinghouse Broadcasting. He also created the game shows Jeopardy!, Wheel of Fortune, Click, Ruckus, and Merv Griffin's Crosswords with his own television production companies, Merv Griffin Enterprises and Merv Griffin Entertainment. During his lifetime, Griffin was considered an entertainment business magnate.
/m/06v_gh	Tom Cherones is an American director and producer of several TV series. His most well-known directing work is on Seinfeld.
/m/03_wj_	Nicole Evangeline Lilly is a Canadian actress best known for her role as Kate Austen in ABC's Lost, a role for which she won multiple Saturn Awards and Teen Choice Awards and a Golden Globe nomination. Lilly is also known for her roles in the feature films Afterwards, The Hurt Locker, and Real Steel. Lilly appeared in The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug and will appear in The Hobbit: There and Back Again, the final film in Peter Jackson's The Hobbit trilogy.
/m/01693z	Stephen \"Stevie\" Ray Vaughan was an American guitarist, singer, songwriter and record producer. Often referred to by his initials, SRV, Vaughan revived blues rock and paved the way for many other artists. Vaughan was a founding member and leader of Double Trouble. With drummer Chris Layton and bassist Tommy Shannon, Vaughan ignited the blues revival of the 1980s. In a career spanning seven years, Vaughan and Double Trouble consistently sold out concerts while their albums frequently went gold.\nVaughan was born and raised in Dallas, Texas, and briefly lived in Graham, Texas. The younger brother of Jimmie Vaughan, Stevie started playing guitar at the age of seven and soon after formed several bands that occasionally performed in local nightclubs. At age 17, he dropped out of high school and moved to Austin to pursue a career in music, joining groups such as Krackerjack, the Nightcrawlers, and the Cobras. In 1977, he formed Triple Threat Revue, a band that regularly performed around Austin and eventually evolved into Double Trouble. In 1982, Vaughan and Double Trouble performed at the Montreux Jazz Festival in Switzerland, catching the attention of musicians David Bowie and Jackson Browne. Bowie asked Vaughan to play on his upcoming studio album Let's Dance and Browne offered the band free use of his personal studio in Los Angeles to record an album.
/m/012qdp	An officer is a member of an armed force or uniformed service who holds a position of authority. Commissioned officers derive authority directly from a sovereign power and, as such, hold a commission charging them with the duties and responsibilities of a specific office or position. Commissioned officers are typically the only persons, in an armed forces environment, able to act as the commanding officer of a military unit. A superior officer is an officer with a higher rank than another officer, who is a subordinate officer relative to the superior.\nNon-commissioned officers in positions of authority can be said to have control or charge rather than command per se; the use of the word \"command\" to describe any use of authority is often unofficial.\nHaving officers is one requirement for combatant status under the laws of war, though these officers need not have obtained an official commission or warrant. In such case, those persons holding offices of responsibility within the organization are deemed to be the officers, and the presence of these officers connotes a level of organization sufficient to designate a group as being combatant.
/m/0kvbl6	The Postman is a 1997 American post-apocalyptic film directed by and starring Kevin Costner, and based on David Brin's 1985 novel of the same name. The film co-stars Will Patton, Larenz Tate, Olivia Williams, James Russo, and Tom Petty. It was filmed in Metaline Falls and Fidalgo Island, Washington, central Oregon, and Tucson, Arizona.\nThe film is set after an unspecified apocalypse has left a huge impact on human civilization. A nomadic survivor flees a warlord's army while unwittingly inspiring hope of restoring peace. The Postman was panned by critics and was an enormous box office bomb. It also won five Razzie Awards including Worst Picture, Worst Actor, Worst Director, Worst Screenplay and Worst Original Song.
/m/09yhzs	Emily Jean \"Emma\" Stone is an American actress and model. In 2007, she starred in the short-lived Fox action drama Drive as Violet Trimble, and made her feature film debut in the comedy Superbad. She has co-starred in The House Bunny, Ghosts of Girlfriends Past, Zombieland, and Paper Man. In 2010, Stone voiced Mazie in Marmaduke, and played the lead role in the comedy Easy A for which she received a nomination for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy. In 2011, she co-starred in Crazy, Stupid, Love. and The Help. In 2012, Stone co-starred as Gwen Stacy in The Amazing Spider-Man, a reboot of the Spider-Man film series. In 2013, she co-starred in Gangster Squad, and voiced Eep in the animated film The Croods. Stone is set to reprise her role of Gwen Stacy in The Amazing Spider-Man 2.
/m/0170pk	Geoffrey Roy Rush, AC, is an Australian actor and film producer. He is one of the few people who have won the \"Triple Crown of Acting\": an Academy Award, a Tony Award and an Emmy Award. He has won one Academy Award for acting, three British Academy Film Awards, two Golden Globe Awards and four Screen Actors Guild Awards. He is the founding President of the Australian Academy of Cinema and Television Arts and was named the 2012 Australian of the Year.
/m/026r8q	Matthew Raymond \"Matt\" Dillon is an American actor and film director. He began acting in the late 1970s, and gained fame as a teenage idol during the 1980s. He has appeared in films such as Little Darlings, My Bodyguard, Tex, Rumble Fish, The Outsiders, Drugstore Cowboy, Singles, Beautiful Girls, There's Something About Mary, Wild Things, Herbie: Fully Loaded, Crash,You, Me and Dupree, and Armored. In 2013, he appeared in the comedy film The Art of the Steal as an art thief alongside Kurt Russell.\nIn 1990, he won the Independent Spirit Award for Best Male Lead for Drugstore Cowboy and in 2006 won the Independent Spirit Award for Best Supporting Male for Crash and the San Sebastián International Film Festival Donostia Lifetime Achievement Award. \"Crash\" won the Academy Award for Best Picture in 2005. In 2011 he received the special \"Tomislav Pinter Award\" at Avvantura Festival Zadar upon his presence at the filmfestival.
/m/0dzlk	Olivia Newton-John, AO, OBE is a British-born Australian singer, songwriter, and actress. She is a four-time Grammy award winner who has amassed five No. 1 and ten other Top Ten Billboard Hot 100 singles and two No. 1 Billboard 200 solo albums. Eleven of her singles and 14 of her albums have been certified gold by the RIAA. Her music has been successful in multiple genres including pop, country, and adult contemporary and has sold an estimated 100 million records worldwide. She co-starred with John Travolta in the film adaptation of the Broadway musical Grease, which featured one of the most successful soundtracks in Hollywood history.\nNewton-John has been a long-time activist for environmental and animal rights issues. Since surviving breast cancer in 1992, she has been an advocate for health awareness becoming involved with various charities, health products and fundraising efforts. Her business interests have included launching several product lines for Koala Blue and co-owning the Gaia Retreat & Spa in Australia.\nNewton-John has been married twice. She currently lives with her second husband, John Easterling, in Jupiter Inlet Colony, Florida. She is the mother of one daughter, Chloe Rose Lattanzi, with her first husband, actor Matt Lattanzi.
/m/038rzr	Gerard James Butler is a Scottish actor who has appeared on film, stage, and television. A trained lawyer, Butler turned to acting in the mid-1990s with small roles in productions such as the James Bond film Tomorrow Never Dies, which he followed with steady work on television, most notably in the American miniseries Attila.\nIn 2003, Butler played André Marek in the adaptation of Michael Crichton's Timeline. He garnered critical acclaim for his work as the lead in Joel Schumacher's 2004 film adaptation of the musical The Phantom of the Opera. In 2007, Butler gained recognition through his portrayal of King Leonidas in the film 300. Since then, he has appeared in projects including P.S. I Love You, Nim's Island, RocknRolla, The Ugly Truth, Gamer, Law Abiding Citizen, The Bounty Hunter, and Olympus Has Fallen. He also voiced Stoick in How to Train Your Dragon.
/m/03yvln	The Belarus national football team represents Belarus in association football and is controlled by the Football Federation of Belarus, the governing body for football in Belarus. Belarus' home ground is Dinamo Stadium in Minsk. Since December 2011 their head coach has been Georgi Kondratiev.
/m/03d555l	The Marquette Golden Eagles men's basketball team represents Marquette University in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. The school's 1977 team, coached by Al McGuire, won the NCAA championship. Currently Marquette competes in the Big East. It last played in the NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Tournament in 2013. The Golden Eagles are coached by Buzz Williams, who is in his fifth year as head basketball coach. Marquette maintains rivalries and highly anticipated games with several other schools, including the University of Wisconsin–Madison, University of Louisville, University of Notre Dame, University of Pittsburgh, and DePaul University. The team plays its home games at the BMO Harris Bradley Center in downtown Milwaukee, where the Milwaukee Bucks NBA team also plays. Despite only having 8,000 undergraduates, Marquette was ranked 10th in average attendance among NCAA Division 1 teams in 2009 and 2010.
/m/05vc71	The Royal Medal, also known as The Queen's Medal, is a silver-gilt medal awarded each year by the Royal Society, two for \"the most important contributions to the advancement of natural knowledge\" and one for \"distinguished contributions in the applied sciences\" made within the Commonwealth of Nations. The award was created by George IV and first awarded in 1826. Initially there were two medals awarded, both for the most important discovery within the last year, a time period which was lengthened to five years and then shortened to three. The format was supported by William IV and Victoria, who had the conditions changed in 1837 so that mathematics was a subject for which a Royal Medal could be awarded, albeit only every third year. The conditions were changed again in 1850 so that:\n... the Royal Medals in each year should be awarded for the two most important contributions to the advancement of Natural Knowledge, published originally in Her Majesty's dominions within a period of not more than ten years and not less than one year of the date of the award, subject, of course, to Her Majesty's approval. ... in the award of the Royal Medals, one should be given in each of the two great divisions of Natural Knowledge.
/m/02yj7w	Peter William Krause is an American film and television actor, director, and producer. He is perhaps best known for his lead roles as Nate Fisher on Six Feet Under, Adam Braverman on Parenthood, Nick George on Dirty Sexy Money, and Casey McCall on Sports Night.
/m/09dfcj	Cumberland County is a county located in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2010 census, the population was 235,406. Its county seat is Carlisle.\nCumberland County is included in the Harrisburg–Carlisle Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/0bs8d	Elia Kazan was a Greek-American director, producer, writer and actor, described by The New York Times as \"one of the most honored and influential directors in Broadway and Hollywood history\". He was born in Istanbul, Ottoman Empire, to ethnic Greek parents. After studying acting at Yale, he acted professionally for eight years, later joining the Group Theater in 1932, and co-founded the Actors Studio in 1947. With Robert Lewis and Cheryl Crawford, he introduced Method acting to the American stage and cinema as a new form of self-expression and psychological \"realism.\" Kazan acted in only a few films, including City for Conquest.\nKazan introduced a new generation of unknown young actors to the movie audiences, including Marlon Brando and James Dean. Noted for drawing out the best dramatic performances from his actors, he directed 21 actors to Oscar nominations, resulting in nine wins. He became \"one of the consummate filmmakers of the 20th century\" after directing a string of successful films, including, A Streetcar Named Desire, On the Waterfront, and East of Eden. During his career, he won two Oscars as Best Director and received an Honorary Oscar, won three Tony Awards, and four Golden Globes. Among the other actors he introduced to movie audiences were Warren Beatty, Carroll Baker, Julie Harris, Andy Griffith, Lee Remick, Rip Torn, Eli Wallach, Eva Marie Saint, Martin Balsam, Fred Gwynne, and Pat Hingle.
/m/09pmkv	Malaysia is a federal constitutional monarchy in Asia. It consists of thirteen states and three federal territories and has a total landmass of 329,847 square kilometres separated by the South China Sea into two similarly sized regions, Peninsular Malaysia and Malaysian Borneo. Land borders are shared with Thailand, Indonesia, and Brunei, and maritime borders exist with Singapore, Vietnam, and the Philippines. The capital city is Kuala Lumpur, while Putrajaya is the seat of the federal government. In 2010 the population was 28.33 million, with 22.6 million living on the Peninsula. The southernmost point of continental Eurasia, Tanjung Piai is in Malaysia, located in the tropics. It is one of 17 megadiverse countries on earth, with large numbers of endemic species.\nMalaysia has its origins in the Malay Kingdoms present in the area which, from the 18th century, became subject to the British Empire. The first British territories were known as the Straits Settlements, whose establishment was followed by the Malay kingdoms becoming British protectorates. The territories on Peninsular Malaysia were first unified as the Malayan Union in 1946. Malaya was restructured as the Federation of Malaya in 1948, and achieved independence on 31 August 1957. Malaya united with North Borneo, Sarawak, and Singapore on 16 September 1963, with si being added to give the new country the name Malaysia. Less than two years later in 1965, Singapore was expelled from the federation.
/m/02vxyl5	Santo Richard Loquasto is a Sicilian-Italian-American production designer, scenic designer and costume designer for stage, film, and dance. His work includes the productions of the ballet Don Quixote, the film Don't Drink the Water, Great Performances Dance in America: Fosse, and the television show TriBeCa.
/m/014cnc	A student is a learner, or someone who attends an educational institution. In some nations, the English term is reserved for those who attend university, while a schoolchild under the age of eighteen is called a pupil in English, although in the United States a person enrolled in grades K–12 is often called a student. In its widest use, student is used for anyone who is learning, including mid-career adults who are taking vocational education or returning to university.
/m/0crh5_f	Elite Squad: The Enemy Within is a 2010 crime, drama and thriller film written by Bráulio Mantovani, José Padilha and Rodrigo Pimentel, and directed by José Padilha.
/m/03_48k	Freddie Joe \"Fred\" Ward is an American actor. He began his career in 1979 alongside Clint Eastwood in Escape from Alcatraz. His notable roles include Southern Comfort, The Right Stuff, Remo Williams, his self-produced movie Miami Blues, Tremors, Henry & June, The Player, Short Cuts, Naked Gun 33⅓: The Final Insult, Tremors II: Aftershocks, Chain Reaction, Road Trip, Management as well as character roles in many action, drama, comedy, thriller, TV and b-movies. Ward also acted in European movies.
/m/01y20v	Wheaton College is a private American four-year Christian liberal arts college in Wheaton, Illinois, a suburb 25 miles west of Chicago. The college was founded in 1860 by prominent abolitionist and pastor Jonathan Blanchard.\nDrawing 2,500 undergraduates from all 50 United States, 50 countries, and over 55 church denominations, Wheaton offers 40 majors in the arts, humanities, literature, foreign languages, social sciences, and natural sciences.\nWheaton is noted for its \"twin traditions of quality academics and deep faith,\" according to Time magazine and is ranked 20th among all national liberal arts colleges in the number of alumni who go on to earn PhDs.\nWheaton is included in Loren Pope's influential book Colleges That Change Lives.\nWheaton College was ranked 15th in \"Best Undergraduate Teaching\" by the U.S. News & World Report for national liberal arts colleges. The school was ranked 56th overall among national liberal arts colleges by U.S. News & World Report for 2013.
/m/0hr41p6	Girls is an American television series that premiered on HBO on April 15, 2012. Created by and starring Lena Dunham, Girls is a comedy-drama following a close group of twenty-somethings living in New York City. The show's premise and major aspects of the main character were inspired by some of 27-year-old Dunham's real-life experiences.\nGirls is currently in its third season, which consists of 12 episodes and premiered on January 12, 2014. The series has been renewed for a fourth season, which will premiere in 2015.
/m/01zmpg	Jermaine La Jaune Jackson is an American singer, bass guitarist, composer, member of The Jackson 5, and occasional film director. He also produced and recorded duets with American singer Whitney Houston in her early years as a recording artist and was a producer for Bobby DeBarge's band Switch.
/m/043y95	The Guinea national football team, nicknamed Syli nationale, is the national team of Guinea and is controlled by the Fédération Guinéenne de Football. They have never qualified for the World Cup finals, and their best finish in the Africa Cup of Nations was second in the 1976. The team reached the quarter-finals in three successive tournaments.
/m/0299hs	Sergeant Warren Reed is a fictional character from the film series RoboCop, RoboCop 2, RoboCop 3.
/m/034qrh	DodgeBall: A True Underdog Story, commonly referred to as simply DodgeBall, is a 2004 American sports comedy film produced by 20th Century Fox and Red Hour Productions, written and directed by Rawson Marshall Thurber and starring Vince Vaughn and Ben Stiller. The film focuses on a rivalry between the owners of Average Joe's, a small gym, and Globo-Gym, a competing big-budget gym located across the street. Peter LaFleur, the owner of the smaller gym, has defaulted on his mortgage and enters a dodgeball tournament in an attempt to earn the money necessary to prevent his gym from being purchased by Globo-Gym to build a new parking lot for their gym members. Globo-Gym enters a team in the tournament in an effort to ensure that Average Joe's gym fails.\nDodgeBall received generally good reviews, with a 70% aggregate rating on Rotten Tomatoes. The film was a commercial success, grossing over $30 million in its first week and eventually grossed more than $114 million domestically.
/m/0p9rz	Romeo and Juliet is a 1968 British-Italian romance film based on the tragic play of the same name by William Shakespeare.\nThe film was directed and co-written by Franco Zeffirelli, and starred Leonard Whiting and Olivia Hussey. It won Academy Awards for Best Cinematography and Best Costume Design; it was also nominated for Best Director and Best Picture. Laurence Olivier spoke the film's prologue and epilogue and reportedly dubbed the voice of the Italian actor playing Lord Montague, but was not credited in the film.\nBeing the most financially successful film of a Shakespeare play during that time, it was popular among teenagers partly because the film used actors who were close to the age of the characters from the original play for the first time. Several critics also welcomed the film enthusiastically.
/m/0dx97	Sir Christopher Michael Wren PRS is one of the most highly acclaimed English architects in history. He was accorded responsibility for rebuilding 52 churches in the City of London after the Great Fire in 1666, including his masterpiece, St. Paul's Cathedral, on Ludgate Hill, completed in 1710.\nThe principal creative responsibility for a number of the churches is now more commonly attributed to others in his office, especially Nicholas Hawksmoor. Other notable buildings by Wren include the Royal Naval College, Greenwich, and the south front of Hampton Court Palace. The Wren Building, the main building at the College of William and Mary, is attributed to Wren. It is the oldest academic building in continuous use in the United States.\nEducated in Latin and Aristotelian physics at the University of Oxford, Wren was a notable astronomer, geometer, and mathematician-physicist, as well as an architect. He was a founder of the Royal Society, and his scientific work was highly regarded by Sir Isaac Newton and Blaise Pascal.
/m/02vntj	Anne Jacqueline Hathaway is an American actress. After several stage roles, she appeared in the 1999 television series Get Real. She came to prominence after playing Mia Thermopolis in the Disney film The Princess Diaries and in its 2004 sequel. Since then, Hathaway has starred in dramatic films such as Havoc and Brokeback Mountain, in 2005. She has also starred in The Devil Wears Prada with Meryl Streep and in Becoming Jane as Jane Austen.\nIn 2008, she won several awards for her performance in Rachel Getting Married and received an Academy Award nomination for Best Actress. In 2010, she starred in the box office hits Valentine's Day, Tim Burton's Alice in Wonderland, and Love and Other Drugs and won an Emmy Award for her voice-over performance on The Simpsons. In 2011, she had a voice role in the animated film Rio. In 2012, she portrayed Selina Kyle in Christopher Nolan's The Dark Knight Rises and Fantine in Tom Hooper's Les Misérables. Her performance in the latter earned her rave reviews and several accolades, including the Golden Globe Award, the Screen Actors Guild Award, the BAFTA Award and the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress. People magazine named her one of its breakthrough stars of 2001, and she appeared on its list of the world's 50 Most Beautiful People in 2006.
/m/05typm	Swoosie Kurtz is an American actress. She is an Emmy Award and two-time Tony Award winner.\nKurtz made her Broadway debut in the 1975 revival of Ah, Wilderness. She has received five Tony Award nominations, winning two, for Fifth of July in 1981 and The House of Blue Leaves in 1986. Her other nominations were for Tartuffe in 1988, Frozen in 2004 and Heartbreak House in 2007.\nFor her television work, she has received eight Emmy Award nominations, with one win for Carol and Company in 1990. Other television credits include the NBC drama Sisters, Huff, Pushing Daisies and since 2010, the hit CBS sitcom Mike & Molly. Her films include, Wildcats, Dangerous Liaisons, Stanley and Iris, Citizen Ruth and Liar Liar.
/m/027m67	Days of Being Wild is a 1990 Hong Kong film directed by Wong Kar-wai. The film stars some of the best-known actors and actresses in Hong Kong, including Leslie Cheung, Andy Lau, Maggie Cheung, Carina Lau, Jacky Cheung and Tony Leung Chiu-Wai. Days of Being Wild also marks the first collaboration between Wong and cinematographer Christopher Doyle, with whom he has since made eight films.\nThe movie forms the first part of an informal trilogy, together with In the Mood for Love and 2046.
/m/026zvx7	Lyndsy Marie Fonseca is an American actress. She is best known for portraying Colleen Carlton on the CBS soap opera The Young and the Restless and Alexandra \"Alex\" Udinov on The CW show Nikita.
/m/0kryqm	Stephen Moyer is an English film and television actor and director who is best known as vampire Bill Compton in the HBO series True Blood since 2008. Moyer's first television role was in 1993 as Philip Masefield in the TV adaptation of the play Conjugal Rites, written by actor/playwright Roger Hall. In 1997 Moyer made his big-screen debut landing the lead role in the film adaptation of the long running comic strip Prince Valiant by Hal Foster, working alongside Ron Perlman and Katherine Heigl.
/m/01_30_	Strategic Simulations, Inc. was a video game developer and publisher with over 100 titles to its credit since its founding in 1979. The company was especially noted for its numerous wargames, its official computer game adaptations of Dungeons & Dragons, and for the groundbreaking Panzer General series.
/m/04gvyp	Walt Disney Imagineering is the design and development arm of The Walt Disney Company, responsible for the creation and construction of Disney theme parks worldwide. Founded by Walt Disney in 1952 to oversee the production of Disneyland Park, it was originally known as WED Enterprises, from the initials meaning \"Walter Elias Disney\", the company founder's full name.\nThe term Imagineering, a portmanteau, was popularized in the 1940s by Alcoa to describe its blending of imagination and engineering, and adopted by Walt Disney a decade later to describe the skill set embodied by the employees of WDI, known as Imagineers.\nImagineering is responsible for designing and building Disney theme parks, resorts, cruise ships, and other entertainment venues at all levels of project development. Imagineers possess a broad range of skills and talents, and thus over 140 different job titles fall under the banner of Imagineering, including illustrators, architects, engineers, lighting designers, show writers, graphic designers, and many more. Most Imagineers work from the company’s headquarters in Glendale, California, but are often deployed to satellite branches within the theme parks for long periods of time.
/m/09728	Bread is a staple food prepared by baking a dough of flour and water. It is popular around the world and is one of the world's oldest foods.\nThe virtually infinite combinations of different flours, and differing proportions of ingredients, has resulted in the wide variety of types, shapes, sizes, and textures available around the world. It may be leavened by a number of different processes ranging from the use of naturally occurring microbes to high-pressure artificial aeration during preparation and/or baking, or may be left unleavened. A wide variety of additives may be used, from fruits and nuts to various fats, to chemical additives designed to improve flavour, texture, colour, and/or shelf life.\nBread may be served in different forms at any meal of the day, eaten as a snack, and is even used as an ingredient in other culinary preparations. As a basic food worldwide, bread has come to take on significance beyond mere nutrition, evolving into a fixture in religious rituals, secular cultural life, and language.
/m/02fgdx	Southern Methodist University is a private research university in University Park outside Dallas, Texas. Founded in 1911 by the Methodist Episcopal Church, South, SMU operates satellite campuses in Plano, Texas, and Taos, New Mexico. SMU is owned by the South Central Jurisdiction of the United Methodist Church. 7,000 of the University's 12,000 students are undergraduates.
/m/047yc	Kuwait, officially the State of Kuwait, is an Arab country in Western Asia. Situated in the northeastern edge of the Arabian peninsula at the tip of the Persian Gulf, it shares borders with Iraq to the north and Saudi Arabia to the south. The name \"Kuwait\" is the diminutive of Arabic كوت kūt, meaning \"fortress\". The country covers an area of 17,820 square kilometers and according to CIA has a population of 2.6 million as of 2012. However, the government of the country claims 3,965,022 people as of January 1, 2014, of which 1,242,490 are nationals.\nIn the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries, Kuwait was a successful center of trade and commerce. Kuwait rivaled Basra as an entrepôt for trade between India and the Middle East. In the early 20th century, Kuwait declined in regional economic importance and by 1934, Kuwait had lost its prominence in long-distance trade. Kuwait's economy was devastated by several trade blockades; before these blockades Kuwait was prosperous.\nDuring World War I, the British Empire imposed a trade blockade against Kuwait because Kuwait's ruler supported the Ottoman Empire. Following the Kuwait–Najd War of 1919-1920, Ibn Saud imposed a tight trade blockade against Kuwait for 14 years from 1923 until 1937. After World War I, Kuwait emerged as an independent sheikhdom under the protection of the British Empire. Kuwait's oil fields were discovered in 1937.
/m/017vdg	Ayr is a former Royal Burgh in Ayrshire, Scotland. Ayr was the county town of the wider county of Ayrshire until 1975. Ayr is now the administrative centre of South Ayrshire council area, which is the unitary local authority.
/m/05l3g_	Dutch people, occasionally referred to as Netherlanders, are an ethnic group native to the Netherlands. They share a common culture and speak the Dutch language. Dutch people and their descendants are found in migrant communities worldwide, notably in Suriname, Chile, Brazil, Canada, Australia, South Africa, New Zealand, and the United States.\nThe traditional art and culture of the Dutch encompasses various forms of traditional music, dances, architectural styles and clothing, some of which are globally recognizable. Internationally, Dutch painters such as Rembrandt, Vermeer and Van Gogh are held in high regard. The dominant religion of the Dutch is Christianity, although in modern times the majority is no longer religious. Significant percentages of the Dutch are adherents of humanism, agnosticism, atheism or individual spirituality.\nIn the Middle Ages the Low Countries were situated around the border of France and the Holy Roman Empire, forming a part of their respective peripheries, and the various territories of which they consisted had de facto become virtually autonomous by the 13th century. Under the Habsburgs, the Netherlands were organised into a single administrative unit, and in the 16th and 17th centuries the Northern Netherlands gained independence from Spain as the Dutch Republic. The high degree of urbanization characteristic of Dutch society was attained at a relatively early date. During the Republic the first series of large scale Dutch migrations outside of Europe took place.
/m/04p4r	The Liberal Party of Australia is one of the two major Australian political parties. Founded in 1945 to replace the United Australia Party and its predecessors, the centre-right Liberal Party competes with the centre-left Labor Party. Federally, the Liberal Party runs in a Coalition with the National Party, the Northern Territory Country Liberal Party, and Queensland Liberal branch the Liberal National Party. Except for a few short periods, the Liberal Party and its predecessors have operated in similar coalitions since the 1920s.\nIn Australia, the term liberalism refers to centre-right economic liberalism. Party ideology has therefore been referred to as liberalism, distinct from its meaning in some countries, but also as conservatism, which features strongly in party ideology. There have however long been party members who practice economic or classical liberalism without features of social conservatism, often referred to as 'small-l liberals'.\nParty founder Robert Menzies, UAP Prime Minister from 1939–41 and Liberal Prime Minister from 1949–66, and John Howard, Liberal Prime Minister from 1996–2007, were Australia's two longest serving Prime Ministers. Despite its late establishment in comparison to the older Australian Labor Party, the Liberal Party has spent more time in government than any other federal Australian political party.
/m/04vgq5	PopCap Games is an American video game developer and publisher, based in Seattle, Washington, United States, and it is a subsidiary of Electronic Arts. It was founded in 2000 by John Vechey, Brian Fiete and Jason Kapalka, and currently employs about 400 people. Most of Popcap's games can be played free in a limited form, with the full version available for a fee.\nPopCap's flagship title Bejeweled has sold more than 50 million units across all major platforms and continues to sell another copy every 4.3 seconds. PopCap games are available for numerous platforms, including the web, Microsoft Windows, Mac, Nintendo DSi, Wii, Xbox, PlayStation 3, cell phones, PDAs, iPod, iOS, Android, BlackBerry Tablet OS, Windows Phone, Windows/RT and other mobile devices.
/m/098z9w	WCW WorldWide was a syndicated TV show produced by World Championship Wrestling.
/m/0bscw	Gattaca is a 1997 American science fiction film written and directed by Andrew Niccol. It stars Ethan Hawke and Uma Thurman, with Jude Law, Loren Dean, Ernest Borgnine, Gore Vidal, and Alan Arkin appearing in supporting roles. The film presents a biopunk vision of a future society driven by eugenics where potential children are conceived through genetic manipulation to ensure they possess the best hereditary traits of their parents. The film centers on Vincent Freeman, played by Hawke, who was conceived outside the eugenics program and struggles to overcome genetic discrimination to realize his dream of traveling into space.\nThe movie draws on concerns over reproductive technologies which facilitate eugenics, and the possible consequences of such technological developments for society. It also explores the idea of destiny and the ways in which it can and does govern lives. Characters in Gattaca continually battle both with society and with themselves to find their place in the world and who they are destined to be according to their genes.\nThe film's title is based on the first letters of guanine, adenine, thymine, and cytosine, the four nucleobases of DNA. It was a 1997 nominee for the Academy Award for Best Art Direction and the Golden Globe Award for Best Original Score.
/m/0gg81w	Educational television or Learning show is the use of television programs in the field of distance education. It may be in the form of individual television programs or dedicated specialty channels that is often associated with cable television in the United States as Public, educational, and government access channel providers.\nThere are also adult education programs for an older audience; many of these are instructional television or \"telecourse\" services that can be taken for college credit. Examples of these include Open University programs on BBC television in the UK.\nMany children's television series are educational, ranging from dedicated learning programs to those that indirectly teach the viewers. Some series are written to have a specific moral behind every episode, often explained at the end by the character that learned the lesson.\nIn the social aspects of television, several studies have found that educational television has many advantages. The Media Awareness Network, explains in its article, The Good Things about Television, that television can be a very powerful and effective learning tool for children if used wisely. The article states that television can help young people discover where they fit into society, develop closer relationships with peers and family, and teach them to understand complex social aspects of communication.
/m/026bfsh	The Michael Jackson: 30th Anniversary Special was a 2001 New York City revue show by Michael Jackson. It took place on September 7, 2001 and September 10, 2001. In late November 2001, the CBS television network aired the concerts as a two-hour special in honor of Michael Jackson's thirtieth year as a solo entertainer. The show was edited from footage of two separate concerts Michael had orchestrated in New York City's Madison Square Garden on September 7 and September 10 of 2001. The shows sold out in five hours. Ticket prices were pop's most expensive ever; the best seats cost $5,000 and included a dinner with Michael Jackson and a signed poster. Jackson reportedly earned $7.5 million for each of the two concerts, which is over $150,000 per minute. The concert official Boxscore was $10,072,105 for both concerts.\nMarlon Brando appeared a few hours before Jackson's performance to speak about humanitarian work but it was not broadcast due to poor response from the audience. Raw footage can be found online.\nJackson received a diamond watch from Bank of America to wear during the show that was valued at $2 million. Jackson was due to return the watch to a Bank of America branch on the morning of September 11 at the World Trade Center. Later, he started talking about how he might be able to use the song, \"What More Can I Give\" to raise money for the survivors of the September 11 attacks.
/m/0bp7w	Printmaking is the process of making artworks by printing, normally on paper. Printmaking normally covers only the process of creating prints that have an element of originality, rather than just being a photographic reproduction of a painting. Except in the case of monotyping, the process is capable of producing multiples of a same piece, which is called a print. Each print produced is not considered a \"copy\" but rather is considered an \"original\". This is because typically each print varies to an extent due to variables intrinsic to the printmaking process, and also because the imagery of a print is typically not simply a reproduction of another work but rather is often a unique image designed from the start to be expressed in a particular printmaking technique. A print may be known as an impression. Printmaking is not chosen only for its ability to produce multiple impressions, but rather for the unique qualities that each of the printmaking processes lends itself to.\nPrints are created by transferring ink from a matrix or through a prepared screen to a sheet of paper or other material. Common types of matrices include: metal plates, usually copper or zinc, or polymer plates for engraving or etching; stone, aluminum, or polymer for lithography; blocks of wood for woodcuts and wood engravings; and linoleum for linocuts. Screens made of silk or synthetic fabrics are used for the screenprinting process. Other types of matrix substrates and related processes are discussed below.
/m/0c9t0y	Psycho is a 1998 American mystery horror thriller film produced and directed by Gus Van Sant for Universal Pictures, a remake of the 1960 film directed by Alfred Hitchcock. Both films are adapted from Robert Bloch's 1959 novel of the same name, which was in turn inspired by the crimes of Wisconsin serial killer Ed Gein.\nAlthough this version is in color, features a different cast, and has been set in a contemporary timeframe, it is closer to a shot-for-shot remake than most remakes, often copying Hitchcock's camera movements and editing, and Joseph Stefano's script is mostly carried over. Bernard Herrmann's musical score is reused as well, though with a new arrangement by Danny Elfman and recorded in stereo. Some changes are introduced to account for advances in technology since the original film and to make the content more explicit. Murder sequences are also intercut with surreal dream images. The film was both a commercial and critical failure in comparison to its 1960 counterpart, which was successful in both fields.
/m/01gy7r	William James \"Bill\" Pullman is an American actor. Pullman made his film debut in the supporting role of Earl Mott in the 1986 film Ruthless People. He has since gone on to star in other films, such as Spaceballs, Independence Day, While You Were Sleeping, Casper and Lost Highway. He has starred in a number of plays and is also a Jury Member for Filmaka.
/m/07dnx	Thomas Mann was a German novelist, short story writer, social critic, philanthropist, essayist and 1929 Nobel laureate. His highly symbolic and ironic epic novels and novellas, are noted for their insight into the psychology of the artist and the intellectual. His analysis and critique of the European and German soul used modernized German and Biblical stories, as well as the ideas of Goethe, Nietzsche and Schopenhauer. Mann was a member of the Hanseatic Mann family and portrayed his family and class in the novel Buddenbrooks. His older brother was the radical writer Heinrich Mann and three of his six children, Erika Mann, Klaus Mann and Golo Mann, also became important German writers. When Hitler came to power in 1933, Mann fled to Switzerland. When World War II broke out in 1939, he emigrated to the United States, whence he returned to Switzerland in 1952. Thomas Mann is one of the best-known exponents of the so-called Exilliteratur.
/m/0gqzz	The Academy Awards are given each year by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences for the best films and achievements of the previous year. The Academy Award for Best Animated Feature is given each year for animated films. An animated feature is defined by the academy as a film with a running time of more than 40 minutes in which characters' performances are created using a frame-by-frame technique, a significant number of the major characters are animated, and animation figures in no less than 75 percent of the running time. The Academy Award for Best Animated Feature was first given for films made in 2001.\nAcademy Award nominations and winners are chosen by the members of the AMPAS. If there are 16 or more films submitted for the category, the winner is voted from a shortlist of five films, which has happened four times, otherwise there will only be three films on the shortlist. Additionally, eight eligible animated features must have been theatrically released in Los Angeles County within the calendar year for this category to be activated. The final results are presented at the Academy Awards ceremony in January. Animated films can be nominated for other categories but have rarely been so: Beauty and the Beast was the first animated film ever to be nominated for Best Picture. Up and Toy Story 3 also received Best Picture nominations after the Academy expanded the number of nominees. Waltz with Bashir is the only animated picture ever nominated for Best Foreign Language Film. The category has been dominated by Pixar which has produced nine films which have been nominated and seven winners; the only two films they have produced since the category's inception to not be nominated in the category are Cars 2 and Monsters University.
/m/0409n0	Club Atlético Monarcas Morelia is a Mexican professional football club based in Morelia, Michoacán currently playing in the Liga MX. The team is owned by the TV broadcasting company TV Azteca and plays its home games in Estadio Morelos.
/m/03y5g8	Deram Records was a subsidiary record label established in 1966 by Decca Records in the United Kingdom. At this time U.K. Decca was a completely different company from the Decca label in the United States, which was then owned by MCA Inc. Deram recordings were also distributed in the U.S. through UK Decca's American branch, called London Records. Deram was active until 1979, then continued as a reissue label.
/m/03fn16	FC Dinamo Tbilisi is a Georgian football team, based in Tbilisi, the capital of Georgia.\nDinamo Tbilisi was one of the most prominent clubs in Soviet football and a major contender in the Soviet Top League almost immediately after it was established in 1936. The club was then part of one of the leading sport societies in Soviet Union, the All-Union Dynamo sports society which had several other divisions beside football and was sponsored by the Soviet Ministry of Internal Affairs. Its main claim to European fame was winning the Cup Winners' Cup in 1981, beating FC Carl Zeiss Jena of East Germany 2–1 in the final in Düsseldorf. Throughout its history, FC Dinamo Tbilisi produced many famous Soviet players: Boris Paichadze, Avtandil Gogoberidze, Shota Iamanidze, Tengiz Sulakvelidze, Vitali Daraselia, Vladimir Gutsaev, David Kipiani, Mikheil Meskhi, Ramaz Shengelia, Alexandre Chivadze, Slava Metreveli, Murtaz Khurtsilava. After the break-up of the Soviet Union, it would later produce some of the finest Georgian players such as Temuri Ketsbaia, Kakha Kaladze, Shota Arveladze, Giorgi Kinkladze.\nFC Dinamo Tbilisi was one of a handful of teams in the Soviet Top League that were never relegated. Their most famous coach was Nodar Akhalkatsi, who led the team to the Soviet title in 1978, two Soviet cups, and the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup in 1981. He was also one of three co-coaches of the Soviet Union National Team during the FIFA World Cup in 1982. FC Dinamo Tbilisi are also 14-time Georgian league champions and 9-time Georgian Cup holders.
/m/07nnp_	Color of Night is a 1994 American erotic mystery thriller film produced by Cinergi Pictures and released in the United States by Hollywood Pictures. Directed by Richard Rush, the film stars Bruce Willis and Jane March.\nThe cast also features Ruben Blades, Lesley Ann Warren, Brad Dourif, Lance Henriksen, Kevin J. O'Connor and Scott Bakula. It is one of two well-known works by director Rush, the other being The Stunt Man 14 years before.\nColor of Night flopped at the box office and won a Golden Raspberry Award as the worst film of 1994. Nonetheless, it became one of the 20 most-rented films in the United States home video market in 1995. Maxim magazine also singled the film out as having the Best Sex Scenes in film history.
/m/06r3p2	Shirley Enola Knight is an American stage, film, and television actress. She has been nominated twice for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress, in 1960 for The Dark at the Top of the Stairs and in 1962 for Sweet Bird of Youth, eight times for Emmy Awards, and has also netted a Golden Globe and Volpi Cup for Best Actress for her role in the 1967 film Dutchman.
/m/05pq9	Oscar Greeley Clendenning Hammerstein II was an American librettist, theatrical producer, and theatre director of musicals for almost forty years. Hammerstein won eight Tony Awards and two Academy Awards for Best Original Song. Many of his songs are standard repertoire for singers and jazz musicians. He co-wrote 850 songs. Hammerstein was the lyricist and playwright in his partnerships; his collaborators wrote the music. Hammerstein collaborated with composers Jerome Kern, Vincent Youmans, Rudolf Friml, Richard A. Whiting and Sigmund Romberg; but his most famous collaboration, by far, was with Richard Rodgers, which included The Sound of Music.
/m/05zrn	Perl is a family of high-level, general-purpose, interpreted, dynamic programming languages. The languages in this family include Perl 5 and Perl 6.\nThough Perl is not officially an acronym, there are various backronyms in use, such as: Practical Extraction and Reporting Language. Perl was originally developed by Larry Wall in 1987 as a general-purpose Unix scripting language to make report processing easier. Since then, it has undergone many changes and revisions. The latest major stable revision of Perl 5 is 5.18, released in May 2013. Perl 6, which began as a redesign of Perl 5 in 2000, eventually evolved into a separate language. Both languages continue to be developed independently by different development teams and liberally borrow ideas from one another.\nThe Perl languages borrow features from other programming languages including C, shell scripting, AWK, and sed. They provide powerful text processing facilities without the arbitrary data-length limits of many contemporary Unix commandline tools, facilitating easy manipulation of text files. Perl 5 gained widespread popularity in the late 1990s as a CGI scripting language, in part due to its parsing abilities.
/m/0fthdk	Hannah Dakota Fanning known by Dakota Fanning is an American actress who rose to prominence after her breakthrough performance at age seven in the 2001 film I Am Sam. Her performance earned her a nomination for a Screen Actors Guild Award at age eight in 2002, making her the youngest nominee in history. As a child actress, she went on to appear in high-profile films such as Man on Fire, War of the Worlds and Charlotte's Web. Fanning then began the transition to more adult roles with Hounddog and The Secret Life of Bees. Her recent film roles have included the eponymous character in Coraline, Cherie Currie in The Runaways, and Jane Volturi in The Twilight Saga.
/m/014vm4	Hangzhou, also transliterated as Hangchow, is the capital and largest city of Zhejiang Province in Eastern China. Hangzhou is also the center of the Hangzhou Metropolitan Area, which is the fourth-largest metropolitan area nationally. It is governed as a sub-provincial city. As of 2010, Hangzhou prefecture had a registered population of 8.7 million people. The built up area of the Hangzhou municipality had a resident population of 6.242 million in 2010, of which 3.56 million lived in the six urban core districts. The built-up area including Shaoxing County and Yuecheng districts of Shaoxing was home to 8,156,600 inhabitants at the 2010 census. Within the Hangzhou Metropolitan Area, about 21.102 million people distributed over 34,585 square kilometres.\nA core city of the Yangtze River Delta, Hangzhou has a position on the Hangzhou Bay 180 kilometres southwest of Shanghai that gives it economic power. It has been one of the most renowned and prosperous cities of China for much of the last 1,000 years, due in part to its beautiful natural scenery. The city's West Lake is its best-known attraction.
/m/02psgq	La Dolce Vita is a 1960 comedy-drama film written and directed by the critically acclaimed director Federico Fellini. The film follows Marcello Rubini, a journalist writing for gossip magazines, over seven days and nights on his journey through the \"sweet life\" of Rome in a fruitless search for love and happiness. La Dolce Vita won the Palme d'Or at the 1960 Cannes Film Festival and the Oscar for Best Costumes.
/m/02lz1s	James \"Jimmy\" Van Heusen, was an American composer. He wrote songs for films, television and theater, and won an Emmy and four Academy Awards for Best Original Song.
/m/0725ny	Kevin Michael Richardson is an American actor and voice over actor. He is well known for his deep voice and playing a wide variety of characters since the early 1990s.\nHe is also known for being the voice of Chairman Drek in the video game Ratchet & Clank, Tartarus in the video game Halo 2, Robert Hawkins in Static Shock, Kilowog in Green Lantern: The Animated Series, Captain Gantu in Lilo & Stitch, Bulkhead in Transformers Prime, Antauri in Super Robot Monkey Team Hyperforce Go! The Shredder in the 2012 incarnation of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Darth Laser on Fairly Oddparents, Mr. Gus in Uncle Grandpa and many others.
/m/0hc8h	Gloucester is a city, district and county town of Gloucestershire in the South West region of England. Gloucester lies close to the Welsh border, and on the River Severn, approximately 32 miles north-east of Bristol, and 45 miles south-southwest of Birmingham.\nA cathedral city, capital of its county which was built on a flat spot of land, Gloucester is situated on the River Severn and the Bristol and Birmingham Railway.\nGloucester was founded in AD 97 by the Romans under Emperor Nerva as Colonia Glevum Nervensis, and was granted its first charter in 1155 by King Henry II. Economically, the city is dominated by the service industries, and has a strong financial and business sector, being home to the bank Cheltenham & Gloucester and historically was prominent in the aerospace industry.
/m/07j8r	The Crying Game is a 1992 British psychological thriller drama film written and directed by Neil Jordan. The film explores themes of race, gender, nationality, and sexuality against the backdrop of the Irish Troubles. The original working title of the film was The Soldier's Wife.\nThe Crying Game is about the experiences of the main character, Fergus, as a member of the IRA, his brief but meaningful encounter with Jody who is held prisoner by the group, and his unexpected romantic relationship with Jody's girlfriend, Dil whom Fergus promised Jody he would protect. However, unexpected events force Fergus to decide what he wants for the future, and ultimately what his nature dictates he must do.
/m/0p7vt	Rocky Mount is a city in Edgecombe and Nash counties in the coastal plain of the state of North Carolina. Although it was not formally incorporated until February 28, 1907, the North Carolina community that became the city of Rocky Mount dates from the beginning of the 19th century. The first post office in the area opened in 1816. The city's population is currently at 57,477.\nRocky Mount is the principal city of the Rocky Mount, North Carolina area, which encompasses all of both Edgecombe and Nash counties. Rocky Mount is also a part of a Combined Statistical Area which encompasses both Rocky Mount and Wilson metropolitan areas. The Rocky Mount–Wilson CSA population is currently over 200,000 residents. Rocky Mount is about 45 minutes away from the state capital, Raleigh.\nRocky Mount has a growing arts community. The city operates the Maria V. Howard Arts Center, a Children's Museum & Science Center, and a Community Theater at the Imperial Centre for Arts & Sciences.\nRecently, the City also renovated the Douglas Block, located in Downtown Rocky Mount. Six historically significant buildings, all of which comprised the African American business district of the Downtown area in the early to mid-1900’s, was a part of this renovation. The Douglas Block also includes Thelonious Monk Plaza, named after Rocky Mount native and jazz musician Thelonious Monk.
/m/03crmd	Greta Scacchi is an Italian-Australian actress.
/m/05dl1s	Black Robe is a 1991 film directed by Bruce Beresford. The screenplay was written by Irish Canadian author Brian Moore, who adapted it from his novel of the same name.\nThe film's main character, Father LaForgue, is played by Lothaire Bluteau, with other cast members including Aden Young, Sandrine Holt, Tantoo Cardinal, August Schellenberg, Gordon Tootoosis and Raoul Trujillo. It was the first official co-production between a Canadian film team and an Australian one. It was shot entirely in the Canadian province of Quebec.
/m/073_6	Surrealism is a cultural movement that began in the early 1920s, and is best known for its visual artworks and writings. The aim was to \"resolve the previously contradictory conditions of dream and reality.\" Artists painted unnerving, illogical scenes with photographic precision, created strange creatures from everyday objects and developed painting techniques that allowed the unconscious to express itself.\nSurrealist works feature the element of surprise, unexpected juxtapositions and non sequitur; however, many Surrealist artists and writers regard their work as an expression of the philosophical movement first and foremost, with the works being an artifact. Leader André Breton was explicit in his assertion that Surrealism was above all a revolutionary movement.\nSurrealism developed out of the Dada activities during World War I and the most important center of the movement was Paris. From the 1920s onward, the movement spread around the globe, eventually affecting the visual arts, literature, film, and music of many countries and languages, as well as political thought and practice, philosophy, and social theory.
/m/031y07	Sir John Anthony Quayle, CBE was an English actor and director.
/m/01wsl7c	Kate Victoria \"KT\" Tunstall is a Scottish singer-songwriter and guitarist. She broke into the public eye with a 2004 live solo performance of her song \"Black Horse and the Cherry Tree\" on Later... with Jools Holland. She has enjoyed commercial and critical success since, picking up three nominations before winning a BRIT Award, and a Grammy Award nomination. She is also the recipient of an Ivor Novello Award.\nShe has released five albums internationally: Eye to the Telescope, KT Tunstall's Acoustic Extravaganza, Drastic Fantastic, Tiger Suit and Invisible Empire // Crescent Moon. She has also appeared in two episodes of the comedy series This is Jinsy on Sky Atlantic. Since 2013, she is working with American artist Howe Gelb.\nTunstall has also written soundtracks for two films; Boy from The Kid, and most recently Miracle for the famous Winter's Tale.\nTunstall has a contralto vocal range.
/m/015cl6	The Medal of Honor is the United States of America's highest military honor, awarded for personal acts of valor above and beyond the call of duty. The medal is awarded by the President of the United States in the name of Congress to US military personnel only. There are three versions of the medal, one for the Army, one for the Navy, and one for the Air Force. Personnel of the Marine Corps and Coast Guard receive the Navy version.\nThere have been 3,468 Medals of Honor awarded to the nation's soldiers, sailors, airmen, Marines, and coast guardsmen since the decoration's creation in 1861. There were no military awards or medals in use at the beginning of the American Civil War. As the only award available during this conflict, almost half of all Medals of Honor presented to date were awarded for actions in the four years of the Civil War.\nThe Medal of Honor is usually presented by the President at the White House in a formal ceremony intended to represent the gratitude of the American people, with posthumous presentations made to the primary next of kin. In 1990, Congress designated March 25 annually as \"National Medal of Honor Day\". Due to its prestige and status, the Medal of Honor is afforded special protection under U.S. law against any unauthorized adornment, sale, or manufacture, which includes any associated ribbon or badge.
/m/0p_r5	Brian Doyle-Murray is an American comedian, screenwriter, actor and voice artist. He is the older brother of actor/comedian Bill Murray and the two have acted together in several films, including Caddyshack, Scrooged, Ghostbusters II, The Razor's Edge and Groundhog Day. He currently appears in a recurring role as Don Ehlert on the ABC sitcom The Middle. Doyle-Murray was nominated for three Emmy Awards in 1978, 1979, and 1980 for his work on Saturday Night Live in the category Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing for a Variety, Music or Comedy Program.
/m/02zy1z	Earlham College is a liberal arts college in Richmond, Indiana. It was founded in 1847 by Quakers and has approximately 1,200 students.\nIn keeping with Friends' belief in equality, everyone addresses each other at Earlham by his or her first name, without the use of titles such as \"doctor\" or \"professor\"; likewise, \"freshmen\" are referred to as \"first year\".\nWhile Earlham is primarily a residential undergraduate college, it also has two graduate programs — the master of arts in teaching and the master of education — which provide a route for teacher licensure to students with liberal arts undergraduate degrees; there is also an affiliated graduate seminary, the Earlham School of Religion. Earlham College is listed in Loren Pope's book, Colleges That Change Lives, and has produced two Nobel laureates.
/m/0mny8	Fauquier is a county located in the United States Commonwealth of Virginia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 65,203. The county seat is Warrenton. In 2011, Fauquier County was number eight on the U.S. Census Bureau list of highest-income counties in the United States.\nFauquier County is part of the Washington Metropolitan Area.
/m/075mb	Sindh is one of the four provinces of Pakistan and historically home to the Sindhi people. It is also locally known as the \"Mehran\" and has been given the title of Bab-ul-Islam. The name of Sindh is derived from the Indus River that separates it from Balochistan and the greater Iranian Plateau. This river was known to the ancient Iranians in Avestan as Hindu, in Sanskrit as Sindhu, to Assyrians as Sinda, to the Greeks as Indos, to the Romans as Indus, to the Persians as Ab-e-sind, to the Pashtuns as \"Abasind\", to the Arabs as Al-Hind, to the Chinese as Sintow, and to the Javanese as the Santri.\nSindh is bounded to the west by the Indus River and Balochistan, to the north by Punjab, the east by the Indian states of Gujarat and Rajasthan and to the south by the Arabian Sea. The capital of the province is Karachi, Pakistan's largest city and financial hub. Most of the population in the province is Muslim, with sizable Hindu minorities. The main language spoken is Sindhi by about 26 million people, while there exists a significant Urdu-speaking minority of about 8 million.
/m/08_vwq	The Tony Award for Best Performance by a Leading Actor in a Musical is awarded to the actor who was voted as the best actor in a musical play, whether a new production or a revival. The award has been given since 1948, but the nominees who did not win have only been publicly announced since 1956.
/m/0ycht	White Plains is a U.S. city in the state of New York. It is the commercial hub and the seat of Westchester County, an affluent suburban county that is home to almost one million people, just north of New York City. White Plains is located in south-central Westchester, with its downtown about 7 miles east of the Hudson River and 7 miles northwest of Long Island Sound. It is bordered to the north by the town of North Castle, to the north and east by the town/village of Harrison, to the south by the town/village of Scarsdale, and to the west by the town of Greenburgh.\nAs of 2011, the city's total population was estimated to be 57,258, up from 56,853 at the 2010 census. According to the city government, the daytime weekday population is estimated at 250,000.
/m/01s9ftn	Cameron Arthur \"Cam\" Clarke is a prolific American voice actor and singer, known for his voice-work in animation and video games. He is best known for providing the voices of Leonardo in the original Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles animated series and Shotaro Kaneda in the 1989 original English dub of Akira. He often voices teenagers and other similarly young characters. One of his prominent roles in video games was voicing Liquid Snake in the Metal Gear series.
/m/01jrp0	Diane Ladd is an American actress, film director, producer and author. She has appeared in over 120 roles, on television, and in miniseries and feature films, including Alice Doesn't Live Here Anymore, Wild at Heart, Rambling Rose, Ghosts of Mississippi, Touched by an Angel, Primary Colors, 28 Days, and American Cowslip. Twice divorced and currently married, Ladd is the mother of actress Laura Dern, by her ex-husband, actor Bruce Dern. Ladd has won a Golden Globe and a BAFTA and has been nominated three times for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress.
/m/0cvyp	The Hudson River is a 315-mile watercourse that flows from north to south primarily through eastern New York State in the United States. The river originates at Henderson Lake in Newcomb, New York, in the Adirondack Park, flowing southward past the state capital at Albany, and eventually forming the boundary between New York City and the U.S. state of New Jersey at its mouth, before emptying into Upper New York Bay. The official hydrologic source of the Hudson River is Lake Tear of the Clouds in the Adirondack Mountains. The lower half of the river is a tidal estuary occupying the Hudson Fjord, which formed during the most recent period of North American glaciation, estimated at 26,000 to 13,300 years ago. Tidal waters influence the Hudson's flow from as far north as Troy, New York.\nThe river is named after Henry Hudson, an Englishman sailing for the Dutch East India Company, who explored it in 1609. It had previously been observed by Italian explorer Giovanni da Verrazano sailing for King Francis I of France in 1524, as he became the first European known to have entered the Upper Bay, but he considered the river to be an estuary. The Dutch called the river the \"North River\" – with the Delaware River called the \"South River\" – and it formed the spine of the Dutch colony of New Netherland. Settlement of the colony clustered around the Hudson, and its strategic importance as the gateway to the American interior led to years of competition between the English and the Dutch over control of the river and colony.
/m/02vr30	Esteghlal Tehran Football Club known before the Iranian Revolution as Taj Tehran Football Club is an Iranian professional Football Club based in Tehran that plays in The Iran Pro League. Founded in 1945 initially as Docharkhe savaran meaning 'The Cyclists' in Persian and later in 1949, the name of the club was first changed to Taj, that means 'Crown' in Persian; a name that was quickly transformed into a football powerhouse in Iranian soccer competitions. The name of the club was finally modified into Esteghlal that is the current name of the club, meaning 'Independence', subsequent to the Islamic Revolution in 1979. In 1970, under the management of Zdravko Rajkov, Esteghlal Tehran became the first Iranian football club to win the Asian Cup. They have won several official titles in the national and international stage since 1970, including eight Iranian League titles and a record 6 Hazfi Cups, with two titles in Asian Cup, so there are two golden stars printed on the badge of the team official kit.
/m/03_9x6	The Haiti national football team represents Haiti in association football and is controlled by the Fédération Haïtienne de Football, the governing body for football in Haiti. Haiti's home ground is Stade Sylvio Cator in Port-au-Prince and their head coach is Marc Collat. They have made one appearance at the FIFA World Cup, in 1974, but were beaten convincingly in the opening qualifying stages by three of the pre-tournament favorites; Italy, Poland, and Argentina. Their most recent achievement was in 2007, when the national team won the 2007 Caribbean Nations Cup.
/m/03ds3	William Gary Busey, better known as Gary Busey, is an American film and stage actor. He has appeared in a variety of films, including Lethal Weapon, Point Break, and Under Siege, as well as guest appearances on Gunsmoke, Walker, Texas Ranger, Law & Order, and Entourage. He was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actor in 1978 for his role in The Buddy Holly Story.
/m/01kwhf	Norwich City Football Club is an English professional football club based in Norwich, Norfolk. During the 2012–13 Premier League season, Norwich City finished eleventh.\nThe club was founded in 1902 and first won promotion to the Football League First Division in 1972. Since then, Norwich have played a total of 23 seasons in the top flight, with a longest continuous spell of nine seasons. Norwich have won the League Cup twice, in 1962 and 1985, and the FA Youth Cup twice, in 1983 and 2013. They were founder members of the Premier League in 1992–93, finishing third in the inaugural season and played in its first three seasons, reaching the UEFA Cup 3rd round. Norwich most recently returned to the Premier League in 2011 after a six-year absence.\nSince 1935, Norwich have played their home games at Carrow Road and have a long-standing and fierce rivalry with East Anglian neighbours Ipswich Town, with whom they have contested the East Anglian derby 138 times and Norwich are the current undisputed holders of the \"Pride of Anglia\" title. The fans' song \"On the Ball, City\" is regarded as being the oldest football song in the world.
/m/06fjm3	Equal Vision Records is a record label based in Albany, New York, which has a focus in metal or punk-based rock genres. Equal Vision Records was founded in the early 1990s by Ray Cappo.\nThe label originally existed solely to distribute Shelter and other Krishna releases. In 1992, label manager Steve Reddy bought EVR from Cappo. The focus was expanded and a wider variety of bands were brought on board. According to Punk News, \"The mid-to-late '90s saw a redoubling of the Equal Vision's hardcore efforts with such signings as One King Down and Ten Yard Fight. By the end of the '90s EVR found itself with an impressive stable of hardcore and punk bands, having added Bane, Trial, Converge and Saves the Day to its roster in the latter part of the decade.\"
/m/0drtv8	The 64th Annual Golden Globe Awards were aired on January 15, 2007. Some key dates announced by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association are:\nThe ceremony was broadcast live on NBC. Indicating the impact that animated films have had on the film industry, the Hollywood Foreign Press Association announced in early 2006 that a Golden Globe would be awarded for the Best Animated Feature for the first time at this award ceremony.\nDreamgirls won the most awards, with 3. Babel, received the most nominations, with 7.
/m/0bm9xk	Hans J. Salter was an American film composer.\nHans J. Salter gained his education from the Vienna Academy Of Music, and studied composition with Alban Berg, Franz Schreker, and others. He was Music Director of the State Opera in Berlin before being hired to compose music at UFA studios. Salter emigrated to America in 1937 and was quickly put under contract at Universal, where he worked for nearly 30 years, arranging, composing, conducting, and serving as musical director.\nHe composed mainly for Universal, most famously for horror and science fiction films but also for other studios and for television. His most celebrated scores include The Wolf Man, Creature from the Black Lagoon and The Incredible Shrinking Man. Salter was nominated for a number of Academy Awards, including Christmas Holiday and This Love Of Ours. Much of his output for Universal was uncredited, as it became stock music, used time and time again in minor pictures. Notable non-horror scores include the Western Bend of the River and the Swashbuckler Against All Flags.\nSalter died in Studio City, California on July 23, 1994, at the age of 98. His interment was in Hollywood Forever Cemetery.
/m/0109vk	San Angelo is a city in the state of Texas and the county seat of Tom Green County in West Central Texas. According to a 2012 Census estimate San Angelo has a total population of 95,887 The city is the principal city and center of the San Angelo metropolitan area which has a population of 111,823.\nSan Angelo is home to Angelo State University, historic Fort Concho, and Goodfellow Air Force Base.\nSome common nicknames of San Angelo include Angelo, the River City, the Concho City, the Pearl of the Conchos, and the Oasis of West Texas.
/m/01qcx_	Astoria is a middle class and commercial neighborhood with a population of 154,000 in the northwestern corner of the New York City borough of Queens. Located in Community Board 1, Astoria is bounded by the East River and is adjacent to three other Queens neighborhoods: Long Island City, Sunnyside, and Woodside. Astoria is patrolled by the New York City Police Department's 114th Precinct.
/m/016dp0	John James Osborne was an English playwright, screenwriter, actor and critic of the Establishment. The success of his 1956 play Look Back in Anger transformed English theatre.\nIn a productive life of more than 40 years, Osborne explored many themes and genres, writing for stage, film and TV. His personal life was extravagant and iconoclastic. He was notorious for the ornate violence of his language, not only on behalf of the political causes he supported but also against his own family, including his wives and children.\nOsborne was one of the first writers to address Britain's purpose in the post-imperial age. He was the first to question the point of the monarchy on a prominent public stage. During his peak, he helped make contempt an acceptable and now even cliched onstage emotion, argued for the cleansing wisdom of bad behaviour and bad taste, and combined unsparing truthfulness with devastating wit.
/m/04x4s2	David Chase is an American writer, director and television producer. Chase has worked in television for more than 30 years; he has produced and written for such shows as The Rockford Files, I'll Fly Away, and Northern Exposure. He has created two original series; the first, Almost Grown, aired for 10 episodes in 1988 and 1989. Chase is best known for his second original series, the extremely influential and critically acclaimed HBO drama The Sopranos, which aired for six seasons between 1999 and 2007. A prominent figure in American television, Chase has won seven Emmy Awards.
/m/0dll_t2	This Means War is a 2012 American romantic comedy spy film directed by McG. The film stars Reese Witherspoon, Chris Pine, and Tom Hardy as victims of a love triangle in which two CIA agents who are best friends discover that they are dating the same woman.
/m/04411	John Dewey was an American philosopher, psychologist, and educational reformer whose ideas have been influential in education and social reform. Dewey is one of the primary figures associated with philosophy of pragmatism and is considered one of the founders of functional psychology. A well-known public intellectual, he was also a major voice of progressive education and liberalism. Although Dewey is known best for his publications concerning education, he also wrote about many other topics, including epistemology, metaphysics, aesthetics, art, logic, social theory, and ethics.\nKnown for his advocacy of democracy, Dewey considered two fundamental elements—schools and civil society—as being major topics needing attention and reconstruction to encourage experimental intelligence and plurality. Dewey asserted that complete democracy was to be obtained not just by extending voting rights but also by ensuring that there exists a fully formed public opinion, accomplished by effective communication among citizens, experts, and politicians, with the latter being accountable for the policies they adopt.
/m/02f2jv	The California State Senate is the upper house of the California State Legislature. The legislative body consists of 40 members, with each member representing approximately 931,000 people. Due to the state's large population and relatively small legislature, the State Senate has the largest population per representative ratio of any state legislative house. As a result of Proposition 140 in 1990 and Proposition 28 in 2012, members elected to the legislature prior to 2012 are restricted by term limits to two four-year terms, while those elected in or after 2012 are allowed to serve 12 years in the legislature in any combination of four-year state senate or two-year state assembly terms.\nThe State Senate convenes at the California State Capitol in Sacramento.
/m/07j87	The tomato is the edible, often red fruit/berry of the nightshade Solanum lycopersicum, commonly known as a tomato plant. The species originated in the South American Andes and its use as a food originated in Mexico, and spread throughout the world following the Spanish colonization of the Americas. Its many varieties are now widely grown, sometimes in greenhouses in cooler climates.\nThe tomato is consumed in diverse ways, including raw, as an ingredient in many dishes, sauces, salads, and drinks. While it is botanically a fruit, it is considered a vegetable for culinary purposes, which has caused some confusion. The fruit is rich in lycopene, which may have beneficial health effects.\nThe tomato belongs to the nightshade family, Solanaceae. The plants typically grow to 1–3 meters in height and have a weak stem that often sprawls over the ground and vines over other plants. It is a perennial in its native habitat, although often grown outdoors in temperate climates as an annual. An average common tomato weighs approximately 100 grams.
/m/02rx2m5	Into the Wild is a 2007 American biographical drama survival film written and directed by Sean Penn. It is an adaptation of the 1996 non-fiction book of the same name by Jon Krakauer based on the travels of Christopher McCandless across North America and his life spent in the Alaskan wilderness in the early 1990s. The film stars Emile Hirsch as McCandless with Marcia Gay Harden and William Hurt as his parents and also features Catherine Keener, Vince Vaughn, Kristen Stewart, and Hal Holbrook.\nThe film premiered during the 2007 Rome Film Fest and later opened outside of Fairbanks, Alaska on September 21, 2007. It was later nominated for two Golden Globes and won the award for Best Original Song \"Guaranteed\" by Eddie Vedder. It was also nominated for two Academy Awards including Holbrook for Best Supporting Actor.
/m/0jf1v	Viking metal is a subgenre of black metal and folk metal characterized by its noisy sound, slow pace, use of keyboards, dark and violent imagery, and, primarily, lyrical themes of Norse mythology, Norse paganism, and the Viking Age. It developed in the 1980s through the mid-1990s as a rejection of Satanism and the occult, instead embracing the Vikings and paganism as the leaders of opposition to Christianity. Influenced by Nordic folk music, it is considered a fusion genre of folk metal and black metal, yet distinct from both.
/m/027kmrb	Steven \"Steve\" Tisch is an American businessman. He is the chairman and Executive Vice President of the New York Giants, the NFL team co-owned by his family, as well as a film and television producer. He is the son of former Giants co-owner Bob Tisch.
/m/0640m69	Grown Ups is a 2010 American buddy comedy film directed by Dennis Dugan and written by Adam Sandler, who also stars in the film. Besides Sandler, the film also stars Kevin James, Chris Rock, David Spade, and Rob Schneider. The film was produced by Sandler's production company Happy Madison Productions and was distributed by Columbia Pictures. Sandler, Rock, Schneider, and Spade all joined the cast of Saturday Night Live in the 1990–1991 season; supporting cast including Colin Quinn, Maya Rudolph, Tim Meadows and Norm Macdonald have also been SNL cast members.
/m/01p79b	Bowling Green State University is a public university located in Bowling Green, Ohio, United States. The 1,338-acre main academic and residential campus is located 22 miles south of Toledo, Ohio. The institution was granted a charter in 1910 as a normal school, specializing in teacher training and education, as part of the Lowry Normal School Bill that authorized two new normal schools in the state of Ohio. Over the university's history, it developed from a small rural normal school into a comprehensive public university.\nAs of 2012 Bowling Green offered over 200 undergraduate programs, as well as master's and doctoral degrees through eight academic colleges. Its academic programs have been nationally ranked by Forbes Magazine, U.S. News & World Report, and Washington Monthly. The 2011 Carnegie Foundation classified BGSU as having \"high research activity\". Research projects in the areas of Psychology, Sociology, Education and Human Development, Energy and Sustainability are among the most prominent. BGSU had an on-campus residential student population of 6,500 students and a total student population of over 17,000 students as of 2011. The university also maintains a satellite campus, known as BGSU Firelands, in Huron, Ohio, 60 miles east of the main campus. Although the majority of students attend classes on BGSU's main campus, about 2,500 students attend classes at Firelands and about 1000 additional students at extension locations or online. About 85% of Bowling Green's students are from Ohio.
/m/04ymln	Mathcore, also known as noisecore, is a rhythmically complex and dissonant style of metalcore. It has its roots in bands such as Converge, Coalesce, Botch, and The Dillinger Escape Plan. The term mathcore is suggested by analogy with math rock. Both math rock and mathcore make use of unusual time signatures. Math rock groups such as Slint, Don Caballero, Shellac, and Drive Like Jehu have some influence on mathcore, though mathcore is more closely related to metalcore. Prominent mathcore groups have been associated with grindcore.
/m/0j46b	The Celtic Football Club is a Scottish football club based in Glasgow, which plays in the Scottish Premiership. The club was established in 1887, played its first game in 1888, and has never been relegated to a lower division. Celtic have a long-standing rivalry with Rangers; the two Glasgow clubs are collectively known as the Old Firm.\nCeltic have won the Scottish League Championship on 44 occasions, most recently in the 2012–13 season, the Scottish Cup 36 times and the Scottish League Cup 14 times. In 1967 Celtic won an unprecedented quintuple: not only becoming the first British team to win the European Cup but also winning the Scottish League Championship, the Scottish Cup, the Scottish League Cup, and the Glasgow Cup. Celtic also reached the 1970 European Cup Final, and the 2003 UEFA Cup Final.
/m/05g56	Normandy is a geographical region of France corresponding to the former Duchy of Normandy.\nThe continental territory covers 30,627 km² and forms the preponderant part of Normandy and roughly 5% of the territory of France. It is divided for administrative purposes into two regions: Lower Normandy and Upper Normandy. The population of Normandy is around 3.45 million. The continental population of 3.26 million accounts for 5.5% of the population of France. The Channel Islands are historically part of Normandy, cover 194 km² and comprise two bailiwicks: Guernsey and Jersey, which are British Crown dependencies.\nUpper Normandy consists of the French departments of Seine-Maritime and Eure, and Lower Normandy of the departments of Orne, Calvados, and Manche. The former province of Normandy comprised present-day Upper and Lower Normandy, as well as small areas now part of the départements of Eure-et-Loir, Mayenne, and Sarthe. The name is derived from the settlement of the territory by Vikings from the 9th century, and confirmed by treaty in the 10th century. For a century and a half following the Norman Conquest of England in 1066, Normandy and England were linked by Norman and Frankish rulers.
/m/02q5g1z	Revolutionary Road is a 2008 American drama film, based on the 1961 novel of the same name by Richard Yates, directed by Sam Mendes. This is the second collaboration between Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet, who previously co-starred in Titanic. Her performance earned Kate Winslet a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress, and the film was nominated for a further three Golden Globes, four BAFTAs and three Oscars.\nThe film premiered in Los Angeles on 15 December 2008, followed by a limited U.S. release on 26 December 2008 and a wide U.S. release on 23 January 2009. In most other countries it was released between 15 and 30 January 2009.
/m/01q3_2	Kenneth Clark \"Kenny\" Loggins is an American singer and songwriter. He is known for soft rock music beginning during the 1970s, and later for writing and performing for movie soundtracks in the 1980s. Originally a part of the duo Loggins and Messina, he became a solo artist and has written songs for other artists.
/m/04gfy7	Indian Americans are Americans of Indian ancestry and comprise about 2.84 million people, or about 0.9% of the U.S. population, the country's third largest self-reported Asian ancestry group after Chinese Americans and Filipino Americans, according to American Community Survey of 2010 data. The U.S. Census Bureau uses the term Asian Indian to avoid confusion with the indigenous peoples of the Americas commonly referred to as American Indians.
/m/06s9y	Samoa, officially the Independent State of Samoa, formerly known as Western Samoa, is a country encompassing the western part of the Samoan Islands in the South Pacific Ocean. It became independent from New Zealand in 1962. The two main islands of Samoa are Upolu and Savai'i, one of the biggest islands in Polynesia. The capital city, Apia, and Faleolo International Airport are situated on the island of Upolu.\nSamoa was admitted to the United Nations on 15 December 1976. The entire island group, inclusive of American Samoa, was called \"Navigator Islands\" by European explorers before the 20th century because of the Samoans' seafaring skills.
/m/0sbv7	Decatur is the largest city and the county seat of Macon County in the U.S. state of Illinois. The city, sometimes called \"the Soybean Capital of the World\", was founded in 1829 and is located along the Sangamon River and Lake Decatur in Central Illinois. In 2010 the city population was 76,122.\nThe city is home of private Millikin University and public Richland Community College. Decatur has vast industrial and agricultural processing production, including the North American headquarters of international agricultural conglomerate Archer Daniels Midland, international agribusiness Tate & Lyle's largest corn-processing plant, and the designing and manufacturing facilities for Caterpillar Inc.'s wheel-tractor scrapers, off-highway trucks, and large mining trucks.
/m/05c5z8j	In the Loop is a 2009 British satirical black comedy directed by Armando Iannucci as a spin-off from the highly successful, award-winning BBC Television series The Thick of It. The film satirizes Anglo-American politics in the 21st century and the Invasion of Iraq. It was nominated for the 2010 Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay.\nIn the film, the UK and the U.S. are both on the verge of possibly launching a war in the Middle East. The plot follows government officials and advisors in their behind-the-scenes efforts either to promote the war or prevent it. The film stars Peter Capaldi, Tom Hollander, Gina McKee, Chris Addison, and James Gandolfini.
/m/01kcww	Macclesfield is a market town within the unitary authority of Cheshire East, and the county of Cheshire, England. The population of the Macclesfield urban sub-area at the time of the 2011 census was 51,739. A person from Macclesfield is sometimes referred to as a \"Maxonian\". Macclesfield, like many other areas in Cheshire, is considered to be a relatively affluent town.
/m/0d02km	Zachary John Quinto is an American actor and film producer. Quinto grew up in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, and was active in high school musical theater. In the early 2000s, he guest starred in television series and appeared in a recurring role in the serial drama 24 from 2003 to 2004. In 2006, Quinto acted in the sitcom So NoTORIous and portrayed series antagonist Sylar in the science fiction drama Heroes from 2006 to 2010. He played Spock in the 2009 reboot Star Trek, and its 2013 sequel, Star Trek Into Darkness. He is also known for his roles in the FX horror anthology series American Horror Story.
/m/0355pl	The Football League Championship is the second-highest division overall in the English football league system after the Premier League. Each year, the top finishing teams in the Championship are promoted to the Premier League, and the lowest finishing teams are relegated.\nThe Football League Championship, which was introduced for the 2004–05 season, was previously known as the Football League First Division, and before that was known as Division Two. The winners of the Championship receive the Football League Championship trophy, the same trophy as the old First Division champions were handed prior to the Premier League's inception in 1992.\nThe Championship is the wealthiest non-top flight football division in the world and the seventh richest division in Europe. The average match attendance for the 2011-12 season was 17,738, which also makes it the most-watched secondary league in Europe.\nAt present, Ipswich Town hold the longest tenure in the Championship, last being out of the division in the 2001–02 season when they were relegated from the Premier League.
/m/0g1x2_	Pedophilia or paedophilia is a psychiatric disorder in which an adult or older adolescent experiences a primary or exclusive sexual attraction to prepubescent children, generally age 11 years or younger, though specific diagnostic criteria for the disorder extends the cut-off point for prepubescence to age 13. As a medical diagnosis, it is a psychiatric disorder in persons 16 years of age or older. An adolescent who is 16 years of age or older must be at least five years older than the prepubescent child before the attraction can be diagnosed as pedophilia.\nThe term has a range of definitions, as found in psychiatry, psychology, the vernacular, and law enforcement. The International Classification of Diseases defines pedophilia as a \"disorder of adult personality and behaviour\" in which there is a sexual preference for children of prepubertal or early pubertal age. It is termed pedophilic disorder in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, and the manual defines it as a paraphilia in which adults or adolescents 16 years of age or older have intense and recurrent sexual urges towards and fantasies about prepubescent children that they have either acted on or which cause them distress or interpersonal difficulty.
/m/01x73	Connecticut is the southernmost state in the northeastern region of the United States known as New England. It is bordered by Rhode Island to the east, Massachusetts to the north, New York to the west, and Long Island Sound to the south. Its capital city is Hartford. The state is named after the Connecticut River, a major U.S. river that approximately bisects the state. The word is a French corruption of the Algonquian word quinetucket, which means \"long tidal river\".\nConnecticut is the 3rd least extensive, 29th most populous and 4th most densely populated of the 50 United States. Called the Constitution State, Nutmeg State, and \"The Land of Steady Habits\", it was influential in the development of the federal government of the United States. Much of southern and western Connecticut is part of the New York metropolitan area: three of Connecticut's eight counties are statistically included in the New York City combined statistical area, which is widely referred to as the Tri-State area. Connecticut's center of population is in Cheshire, New Haven County, which is also located within the Tri-State area.\nConnecticut's first European settlers were Dutch. They established a small, short-lived settlement in present-day Hartford at the confluence of the Park and Connecticut rivers, called Huys de Goede Hoop. Initially, half of Connecticut was a part of the Dutch colony, New Netherland, which included much of the land between the Connecticut and Delaware rivers. The first major settlements were established in the 1630s by England. Thomas Hooker led a band of followers overland from the Massachusetts Bay Colony and founded what would become the Connecticut Colony; other settlers from Massachusetts founded the Saybrook Colony and the New Haven Colony. The Connecticut and New Haven Colonies established documents of Fundamental Orders, considered the first constitutions in North America. In 1662, the three colonies were merged under a royal charter, making Connecticut a crown colony. This colony was one of the Thirteen Colonies that revolted against British rule in the American Revolution.
/m/05w6cw	Jesse McCartney is an American singer-songwriter, actor, and voice actor. McCartney achieved fame in the late 1990s on the daytime drama All My Children as JR Chandler. He later joined boy band Dream Street, and eventually branched out into a solo musical career. Additionally, McCartney has appeared on shows such as Summerland and Greek. McCartney also is known for lending his voice as Theodore in Alvin and the Chipmunks and its sequels, as well as voicing Robin/Nightwing in Young Justice and Roxas and Ventus in the video games series Kingdom Hearts developed by Square Enix.
/m/0c_n9	The Pulitzer Prize in Poetry is one of the six American Pulitzer Prizes that are annually awarded for Letters, Drama, and Music. It has been presented since 1922 for a distinguished volume of original verse by an American author, published during the preceding calendar year.\nFinalists have been announced from 1980, ordinarily two others beside the winner.
/m/03m9c8	The Shubert Organization (Gerald Schoenfeld: Chairman; Philip J. Smith: President; Robert E. Wankel: Executive Vice President) is a theater company.
/m/087z2	Yellow fever, known historically as Yellow Jack, is an acute viral disease. In most cases symptoms include fever, chills, loss of appetite, nausea, muscle pains particularly in the back and headaches. They typically get better after several days. In some people, a toxic phase follows, in which liver damage causes yellow skin and can lead to death. Because of the increased risk of bleeding, yellow fever belongs to the group of hemorrhagic fevers.\nThe yellow fever virus is spread by the bite of female mosquitoes. In cities this is primarily mosquitoes of the Aedes aegypti species. It only infects primates and several species of mosquito. The virus is a 40 to 50 nm enveloped positive-sense RNA virus, the first human virus discovered and the namesake of the genus Flavivirus. The disease may be difficult to distinguish from other illnesses, especially in the early stages. To confirm a suspicious case blood sample testing via PCR is required.\nA safe and effective vaccine against yellow fever has existed since the middle of the 20th century, and some countries require vaccinations for travelers. Other measures including preventing bites and reduce the population of the transmitting mosquito. In high-risk areas where vaccination coverage is low, prompt recognition and control of outbreaks through immunization is critical to prevent epidemics. Once infected management is symptomatic, with no specific measures effective against the virus.
/m/057d89	William Joseph \"Bill\" Bell was an American screenwriter and television producer, best known as the creator of the soap operas Another World, The Young and the Restless and The Bold and the Beautiful.
/m/0755wz	Thomas Anthony \"Tom\" Hollander is an English actor who has appeared in the films Enigma, Gosford Park, Pride & Prejudice, Pirates of the Caribbean, In the Loop, Valkyrie and Hanna.
/m/0j4b	Angola, officially the Republic of Angola, is a country in Southern Africa bordered by Namibia on the south, the Democratic Republic of the Congo on the north, and Zambia on the east; its west coast is on the Atlantic Ocean and Luanda is its capital city. The exclave province of Cabinda has borders with the Republic of the Congo and the Democratic Republic of the Congo.\nThe Portuguese were present in some – mostly coastal – points of the territory of what is now Angola, from the 16th to the 19th century, interacting in diverse ways with the peoples who lived there. In the 19th century, they slowly and hesitantly began to establish themselves in the interior. Angola as a Portuguese colony encompassing the present territory was not established before the end of the 19th century, and \"effective occupation\", as required by the Berlin Conference was achieved only by the 1920s after the Mbunda resistance and abduction of their King, Mwene Mbandu I Lyondthzi Kapova. Independence was achieved in 1975, after a protracted liberation war. After independence, Angola was the scene of an intense civil war from 1975 to 2002. Despite the civil war, areas such as Baixa de Cassanje continue a lineage of kings which have included the former King Kambamba Kulaxingo and current King Dianhenga Aspirante Mjinji Kulaxingo.
/m/0cxgc	Surrey is a county in the South East of England and one of the home counties. The county borders Greater London, Kent, East Sussex, West Sussex, Hampshire, and Berkshire, and its historic county town is Guildford. Surrey County Council sits extraterritorially at Kingston upon Thames, part of Greater London since 1965.\nThe London boroughs of Lambeth, Southwark, Wandsworth, and parts of Lewisham and Bromley were in Surrey until 1889, and Croydon, Kingston upon Thames, Merton, Sutton, and Richmond upon Thames south of the River Thames—in Greater London—were part of Surrey until 1965 at which point the county gained its first area north of the Thames, Spelthorne, from defunct Middlesex.\nToday's Surrey is divided into 11 districts: Elmbridge, Epsom and Ewell, Guildford, Mole Valley, Reigate and Banstead, Runnymede, Spelthorne, Surrey Heath, Tandridge, Waverley and Woking. Services such as roads, mineral extraction licensing, education, strategic waste and recycling infrastructure, births marriages and deaths registration, aspects of health services and most social and children's services are within the remit of Surrey County Council.
/m/0q48z	Anniston is a city in Calhoun County in the state of Alabama. As of the 2010 census, the population of the city is 23,106. According to the 2011 U.S. Census estimates, the city had a population of 22,959. The city is the county seat of Calhoun County and one of two urban centers/principal cities of and included in the Anniston-Oxford Metropolitan Statistical Area.\nNamed The Model City by Atlanta newspaperman Henry W. Grady for its careful planning in the late 19th century, the city is situated on the slope of Blue Mountain.
/m/02rg_4	Lafayette College is a private coeducational liberal arts and engineering college located in Easton, Pennsylvania, USA. The school, founded in 1826 by James Madison Porter, son of General Andrew Porter of Norristown and the citizens of Easton, first began holding classes in 1832. The founders voted to name the school after General Lafayette, who famously toured the country in 1824–25, as \"a testimony of respect for [his] talents, virtues, and signal services...the great cause of freedom\".\nLocated on College Hill in Easton, the campus is situated in the Lehigh Valley, about 70 mi west of New York City and 60 mi north of Philadelphia. Lafayette College guarantees campus housing to all enrolled students. The school requires students to live in campus housing unless approved for residing in private off-campus housing or home as a commuter.\nThe student body, consisting entirely of undergraduates, comes from 42 U.S. states and 37 countries. Students at Lafayette are involved in over 250 clubs and organizations including athletics, fraternities and sororities, special interest groups, community service clubs and honor societies. Lafayette College's athletic program is notable for The Rivalry with nearby Lehigh University. Since 1884, the two football teams have met 147 times, making it the most played rivalry in the history of college football.
/m/0dtw1x	The Aristocrats is a 2005 documentary film about the famous dirty joke of the same name. It was conceived and produced by comedians Penn Jillette and Paul Provenza, edited by Emery Emery, and released to theaters by TH!NKFilm. The film is dedicated to Johnny Carson, as \"The Aristocrats\" was said to be his favorite joke.
/m/0f1_p	Gujarat is a state in the North-West coast of India. It is known locally as Jewel of the West. It has an area of 196,204 km² with a coastline of 1,600 km, most of which lies on the Kathiawar peninsula, and a population in excess of 60 million. The state is bordered by Rajasthan to the north, Maharashtra to the south, Madhya Pradesh to the east, and the Arabian Sea as well as the Pakistani province of Sindh on the west. Its capital city is Gandhinagar, whilst its largest city is Ahmedabad. Gujarat is home to the Gujarati-speaking people of India. The Government of Gujarat has banned alcohol since 1960.\nThe state encompasses major sites of the ancient Indus Valley Civilization, such as Lothal and Dholavira. Lothal is believed to be one of the world's first seaports. Gujarat's coastal cities, chiefly Bharuch and Khambhat, served as ports and trading centres in the Maurya and Gupta empires, and during the succession of royal Saka dynasties from advent of the Western Satraps era, whose geographic territories included Saurashtra and Malwa: modern Gujarat, South Sindh, Rajasthan, Maharashtra and Madhya Pradesh states.\nGujarat was known to the Ancient Greeks, the various Persian Empires, the Roman Republic, and familiar in other Western centers of civilization through the end of the European Middle Ages. The oldest written record of Gujarat's 2,000 year old maritime history is documented in a Greek book named 'The Periplus of the Erythraean Sea: Travel and Trade in the Indian Ocean by a Merchant of the First Century'.
/m/06c97	Richard Milhous Nixon was the 37th President of the United States, serving from 1969 to 1974, when he became the only president to resign the office. Nixon had previously served as a Republican U.S. Representative and Senator from California and as the 36th Vice President of the United States from 1953 to 1961.\nNixon was born in Yorba Linda, California. He graduated from Whittier College in 1934 and Duke University School of Law in 1937, returning to California to practice law. He and his wife, Pat Nixon, moved to Washington to work for the federal government in 1942. He subsequently served in the United States Navy during World War II. Nixon was elected in California to the House of Representatives in 1946 and to the Senate in 1950. His pursuit of the Alger Hiss case established his reputation as a leading anti-communist, and elevated him to national prominence. He was the running mate of Dwight D. Eisenhower, the Republican Party presidential nominee in the 1952 election. Nixon served for eight years as vice president. He waged an unsuccessful presidential campaign in 1960, narrowly losing to John F. Kennedy, and lost a race for Governor of California in 1962. In 1968, he ran again for the presidency and was elected.
/m/046zh	Julia Fiona Roberts is an American actress and producer. She became a Hollywood star after headlining the romantic comedy Pretty Woman, which grossed $464 million worldwide. After receiving Golden Globe Awards and Academy Award nominations for Steel Magnolias and Pretty Woman, she won the Academy Award for Best Actress for her performance in Erin Brockovich. Her films Mystic Pizza, The Pelican Brief, My Best Friend's Wedding, Notting Hill, Runaway Bride, Ocean's Eleven, Ocean's Twelve, Charlie Wilson's War, Valentine's Day, Eat Pray Love, and Mirror Mirror have collectively brought box office receipts of over $2.6 billion, making her one of the most successful actresses in terms of box office receipts. In 2013, she appeared in August: Osage County, for which she received an Academy Award nomination.\nRoberts had become one of the highest-paid actresses in the world, topping The Hollywood Reporter's annual \"power list\" of top-earning female stars from 2005 to 2006. Her fee for 1990's Pretty Woman was $300,000; in 2003, she was paid an unprecedented $25 million for her role in Mona Lisa Smile. As of 2010, Roberts's net worth was estimated to be $140 million.
/m/0333wf	Stephen Dorff is an American actor, known for portraying Stuart Sutcliffe in Backbeat, Johnny Marco in Sofia Coppola's Somewhere, and for his roles in Blade, Cecil B. DeMented, and Space Truckers.
/m/01yc02	A Chief Operating Officer or Director of Operations can be one of the highest-ranking executives in an organization and comprises part of the \"C-Suite\". The COO is responsible for the daily operation of the company, and routinely reports to the highest ranking executive, usually the Chief Executive Officer. The COO may also carry the title of President which makes that person the second in command at the firm, especially if the highest ranking executive is the Chairman and CEO.
/m/0hcm7	Accrington Stanley Football Club is an English football club based in Accrington, Lancashire. The club participates in Football League Two, the fourth tier of the English football league system.\nThe club was formed in 1968, with the town regaining a club with league status after 44 years when they were promoted as champions of the Football Conference on 15 April 2006.\nIlyas Khan saved the club from possible oblivion in late 2009 and stepped down as chairman in 2012 after keeping the club financially secure. Former Club President Peter Marsden was appointed chairman soon after.
/m/0fthl	Santo Domingo known officially as Santo Domingo de Guzmán, is the capital and largest city in the Dominican Republic and is the largest city in the Caribbean region by population. As of 2010, Santo Domingo had a population of 965,040, with the metropolitan area reaching 3.8 million. The city lies within the boundaries of the Distrito Nacional, itself bordered on three sides by Santo Domingo Province.\nFounded by Bartholomew Columbus in 1496, on the east bank of the Ozama River and then moved by Nicolás de Ovando in 1502 to the west bank of the river, the city is the oldest continuously inhabited European settlement in the Americas, and was the first seat of Spanish colonial rule in the New World. Santo Domingo is the site of the first university, cathedral, castle, monastery, and fortress in the New World, the city's Colonial Zone, was declared as a World Heritage Site by UNESCO. Santo Domingo was called \"Ciudad Trujillo\", from 1936 to 1961, after the Dominican Republic's dictator, Rafael Trujillo, named the capital after himself. Following his assassination, the city resumed its original designation.\nSanto Domingo is the cultural, financial, political, commercial and industrial center of the Dominican Republic, with the country’s most important industries being located within the city. Santo Domingo also serves as the chief seaport of the country. The city's harbor at the mouth of the Ozama River accommodates the largest vessels, and the port handles both heavy passenger and freight traffic.
/m/07wg3	The United States Navy is the naval warfare service branch of the United States Armed Forces and one of the seven uniformed services of the United States. It is estimated to be larger than the next 13 largest navies combined in terms of battle fleet tonnage. The U.S. Navy also has the world's largest carrier fleet, with 10 in service, 2 under construction, USS Gerald R. Ford / USS John F. Kennedy, 8 more planned and two in active reserve. The service has 317,054 personnel on active duty and 109,671 in the Navy Reserve. It operates 283 ships in active service and more than 3,700 aircraft.\nThe navy traces its origins to the Continental Navy, which was established during the American Revolutionary War and was essentially disbanded as a separate entity shortly thereafter. It played a major role in the American Civil War by blockading the Confederacy and seizing control of its rivers. It played the central role in the World War II defeat of Japan.\nThe 21st century United States Navy maintains a sizable global presence, deploying in such areas as East Asia, the Mediterranean, and the Middle East. It is a blue-water navy with the ability to project force onto the littoral regions of the world, engage in forward areas during peacetime, and rapidly respond to regional crises, making it an active player in U.S. foreign and defense policy.
/m/07vyf	The University of Arizona is a land-grant and space-grant public institution of higher education and research located in Tucson, Arizona, United States. The University of Arizona was the first university in the state of Arizona, founded in 1885. The university includes the University of Arizona College of Medicine, which operates a medical center in Tucson, and a separate 4-year M.D. college in downtown Phoenix. As of the 2012-2013 calendar year, total enrollment was 40,223 students. The University of Arizona is governed by the Arizona Board of Regents. The mission of the University of Arizona is, \"To discover, educate, serve, and inspire.\" Arizona is one of the elected members of the Association of American Universities and is the only representative from the state of Arizona to this group. Arizona has been labeled one of the \"Public Ivies,\" a publicly funded university considered as providing a quality of education comparable to those of the Ivy League.\nKnown as the Arizona Wildcats, the athletic teams are members of the Pacific-12 Conference in the NCAA. UA athletes have won national titles in several sports, most notably men's basketball, baseball, and softball. The official colors of the university and its athletic teams are Cardinal Red and Navy Blue.
/m/069d71	Michael Carl \"Mike\" Bryan is an American professional tennis player. The right-hander turned professional in 1998. With his twin brother Bob, he has been World No. 1 doubles player for the last several years, first achieving the top ranking in September 2003. The brothers became the second men's doubles team to complete the career golden slam at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
/m/0n04r	Anatomy of a Murder is a 1959 American courtroom crime drama film. It was directed by Otto Preminger and adapted by Wendell Mayes from the best-selling novel of the same name written by Michigan Supreme Court Justice John D. Voelker under the pen name Robert Traver. Voelker based the novel on a 1952 murder case in which he was the defense attorney.\nThe film stars James Stewart, Lee Remick, Ben Gazzara, Eve Arden, George C. Scott, Arthur O'Connell, Kathryn Grant, Brooks West, Orson Bean, and Murray Hamilton. The judge was played by Joseph N. Welch, a real-life lawyer famous for berating Joseph McCarthy during the Army-McCarthy Hearings.\nThis was one of the first mainstream Hollywood films to address sex and rape in graphic terms. It includes one of Saul Bass's most celebrated title sequences, a musical score by Duke Ellington and has been described by a law professor as \"probably the finest pure trial movie ever made\".\nIn 2012, the film was added to the National Film Registry.
/m/0n6f8	Reese Witherspoon was born in March 22, 1976 in New Orleans, Louisana. She is an Academy Award Winner actress and a film producer. Her career began at an early age doing television commercials and modeling. Her first big role was in 1990 with the movie The Man in the Moon. After having success doing a couple of movies (Jack the Bear and A Far Off Place) she graduated from an all girls high school and started attending Stanford University, but not long after she dropped out when she realized that acting was what she really wanted. Reese Witherspoons biggest role came in 2001 when she played the character Elle Woods in the 2001 comedy Legally Blonde. The movie was a big success and she played the role again in Legally Blonde 2 in 2003. Currently divorced from Ryan Phillipe with whom she has 2 kids, shes dating actor Jake Gyllenhaal.
/m/04hqz	Lebanon, officially the Lebanese Republic, is a democratic republic country bordering the East Mediteranean Sea. It is bordered by Syria to the north and east and Israel to the south. Lebanon's location at the crossroads of the Mediterranean Basin and the Arabian hinterland has dictated its rich history and shaped a cultural identity of religious and ethnic diversity.\nThe earliest evidence of civilization in Lebanon dates back more than seven thousand years, predating recorded history. Lebanon was the home of the Phoenicians, a maritime culture that flourished for over a thousand years. In 64 BC, the region came under the rule of the Roman Empire, and eventually became one of the Empire's leading centers of Christianity. In the Mount Lebanon range a monastic tradition known as the Maronite Church was established. As the Arab Muslims conquered the region, the Maronites held onto their religion and identity. However, a new religious group, the Druze, established themselves in Mount Lebanon as well, a religious divide that would last for centuries. During the Crusades, the Maronites re-established contact with the Roman Catholic Church and asserted their communion with Rome. The ties they established with the Latins have influenced the region into the modern era.
/m/036jp8	James King Arness was an American actor, best known for portraying Marshal Matt Dillon in the television series Gunsmoke for 20 years. Arness has the distinction of having played the role of Dillon in five separate decades: 1955 to 1975 in the weekly series, then in Gunsmoke: Return to Dodge and four more made-for-TV Gunsmoke movies in the 1990s. In Europe Arness reached cult status for his role as Zeb Macahan in the western series How the West Was Won. His younger brother was actor Peter Graves.
/m/016kjs	Dwayne Michael Carter, Jr., known by his stage name Lil Wayne, is an American rapper from New Orleans, Louisiana. In 1991, at the age of nine, Lil Wayne joined Cash Money Records as the youngest member of the label, and half of the duo The B.G.'z, alongside fellow New Orleans-based rapper Lil' Doogie. In 1996, Lil Wayne formed the Southern hip hop group Hot Boys, with his Cash Money label-mates Juvenile, Young Turk and Lil' Doogie. Hot Boys debuted with Get It How U Live! that same year. Lil Wayne gained most of his success with the group's major selling album Guerrilla Warfare. Along with being the flagship artist of Cash Money Records, Lil Wayne is also the chief executive officer of his own imprint, Young Money Entertainment, which he founded in 2005.\nLil Wayne's debut studio album Tha Block Is Hot, was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America. His following albums, Lights Out and 500 Degreez, were certified gold. He reached higher popularity with Tha Carter, which was led by the single \"Go D.J.\", also appearing on Destiny's Child's top ten single \"Soldier\", that same year. The album was followed by Tha Carter II and several mixtapes and collaborations throughout 2006 and 2007. Tha Carter III became Lil Wayne's most successful album to date, with first-week sales of over 1 million copies in the United States. It included the number-one single \"Lollipop\", as well as \"A Milli\" and \"Got Money\", and won the Grammy Award for Best Rap Album.
/m/0l30v	Shasta County is a county located in the northern portion of the U.S. state of California, USA. The county occupies the northern reaches of the Sacramento Valley, with portions extending into the southern reaches of the Cascade Range. As of the 2010 census, the population was 177,223, up from 163,256 at the 2000 census. The county seat is Redding.\nAmong the tourist attractions in Shasta County are Shasta Lake, Lassen Peak, and the Sundial Bridge.
/m/043p28m	AWA All-Star Wrestling is a syndicated television series featuring wrestling matches as promoted by the American Wrestling Association.
/m/0d_q40	Évian Thonon Gaillard Football Club is a French association football club originally based in Gaillard near the Swiss border and the city of Geneva. In 2007, the club moved to Thonon-les-Bains. Evian was founded in 2003 as a result of a merger and currently play in Ligue 1, the first division of French football after earning promotion from Ligue 2 in the 2010–11 season. The team is managed by Pascal Dupraz and captained by midfielder Cédric Barbosa.\nEvian was founded under the name Football Croix-de-Savoie 74 and have since gone under two other different mergers. The original incarnation of the club was known as FC Gaillard and existed from 1924–2003. Gaillard achieved minimal honours in its life only winning the Division d'Honneur of the Rhône-Alpes region in 1999. Evian have proved more successful ascending to the professional divisions after just three seasons. The club won the Championnat de France amateur in 2008, the Championnat National in 2010, and finally the Ligue 2 in 2011.\nEvian formerly played its home matches at the Stade Joseph-Moynat in the club's hometown, but moved to the Parc des Sports in nearby Annecy for the 2010–11 season as the Joseph-Moynat did not meet the Ligue de Football Professionnel's standards. The Parc des Sports will serve as a temporary stadium for the club, while the club contemplates building a new facility or renovating the Stade Joseph-Moynat. Prior to moving to its current facility, Evian sought to play at the Stade de Genève in nearby Geneva.
/m/025s0s0	Magnesium is a chemical element with the symbol Mg and atomic number 12. Its common oxidation number is +2. It is an alkaline earth metal and the eighth-most-abundant element in the Earth's crust and ninth in the known universe as a whole. Magnesium is the fourth-most-common element in the Earth as a whole, making up 13% of the planet's mass and a large fraction of the planet's mantle. The relative abundance of magnesium is related to the fact that it easily builds up in supernova stars from a sequential addition of three helium nuclei to carbon. Due to magnesium ion's high solubility in water, it is the third-most-abundant element dissolved in seawater. Magnesium is produced in stars larger than 3 solar masses by fusing helium and neon in the alpha process at temperatures above 600 megakelvins.\nThe free element is not found naturally on Earth, as it is highly reactive. The free metal burns with a characteristic brilliant-white light, making it a useful ingredient in flares. The metal is now obtained mainly by electrolysis of magnesium salts obtained from brine. In commerce, the chief use for the metal is as an alloying agent to make aluminium-magnesium alloys, sometimes called magnalium or magnelium. Since magnesium is less dense than aluminium, these alloys are prized for their relative lightness and strength.
/m/01gvpz	Lady Sings the Blues is a 1972 American biographical drama film directed by Sidney J. Furie about jazz singer Billie Holiday loosely based on her 1956 autobiography which, in turn, took its title from one of Holiday's most popular songs. It was produced by Motown Productions for Paramount Pictures. Diana Ross portrayed Holiday, alongside a cast including Billy Dee Williams, Richard Pryor, James T. Callahan, and Scatman Crothers.
/m/0ljbg	Queens Park Rangers Football Club is an English professional football club based in White City, London. Their honours include winning the League Cup in 1967, being runners-up in the old First Division in 1975–76 and reaching the final of the FA Cup in 1982, where they lost 1–0 to Tottenham Hotspur in a replay after they drew 1–1 in the initial final match.\nQueens Park Rangers Football Club were founded in 1882 after the merger of Christchurch Rangers and St. Judes Institute, and their traditional colours are blue and white. In the early years after the club's formation in their original home of Queen's Park, games were played at many different grounds until finally the club settled into their current location at Loftus Road. Owing to their proximity to other west London clubs, QPR maintain long-standing rivalries with several other clubs in the area. The most notable of these are Chelsea, Fulham and Brentford, with whom they contest what are known as West London Derbies. Outside London, QPR also traditionally share rivalries with Watford, Luton and Cardiff, although in recent years these fixtures have become less prominent.
/m/025hwq	Revolution Studios was an American production/distribution company founded in 2000 by Joe Roth, a former chairman of Walt Disney Studios and 20th Century Fox. Revolution was formerly a strategic partner of Sony Pictures Entertainment, which distributed and marketed Revolution's films. The company's film division shut down in October 2007, coinciding with the end of the six-year deal with Sony. Revolution Studios' first film was Tomcats and the last film was The Water Horse: Legend of the Deep.\nRevolution currently produces a sitcom based on its film Are We There Yet? for TBS and a sitcom adaptation of Anger Management for FX.\nRevolution is a privately held company, with Roth owning the controlling interest. Other shareholders included Hollywood executives Todd Garner, Rob Moore, Tom Sherak and Elaine Goldsmith-Thomas, as well as Sony Pictures, Starz Entertainment, and 20th Century Fox.
/m/02681xs	The Latin Grammy Award for Album of the Year is an honor presented annually at the Latin Grammy Awards, a ceremony that recognizes excellence and creates a wider awareness of cultural diversity and contributions of Latin recording artists in the United States and internationally. The award is given to the performers, producers, audio engineers and mastering engineers for vocal or instrumental albums with 51% of new recorded songs. Albums of previously released recordings, such as reissues, compilations of old recordings and greatest hits albums packages are not eligible. Due to the increasing musical changes in the industry, from 2012 the category includes 10 nominees, according to a restructuration made by the academy for the four general categories: Song of the Year, Record of the Year, Best New Artist and Album of the Year.\nAlejandro Sanz, Juanes and Juan Luis Guerra have won the most awards in the category with three wins. They are followed by Calle 13 with two winning albums. Colombian singer-songwriter Shakira became the first female recipient in 2006. Most nominated albums were recorded in Spanish language, though Gilberto Gil, Ivan Lins, Maria Rita, Tribalistas and Caetano Veloso have been nominated for albums recorded in Portuguese language, with Lins winning the award in 2005 for Cantando Histórias.
/m/04d817	Shimizu S-Pulse is a professional Japanese association football club. Located in Shimizu-ku, Shizuoka, Shizuoka Prefecture, S-Pulse currently competes in the J. League Division 1. Formed as recently as 1991, S-Pulse are one of the youngest professional teams in Japan, but are among only four to have competed in Japan's top flight of football every year since its inception in 1993. S-Pulse have recorded an average end of season placing of 6.8, which places them fourth behind Kashima Antlers, Yokohama F. Marinos and prefectural rivals, Júbilo Iwata. The club was formed at the advent of the J. League in 1991, and originally consisted of players drawn exclusively from Shizuoka Prefecture; a unique distinction at the time.\nGiven the club's youth when compared to many of their J1 peers, S-Pulse have had a relatively large impact on Japanese football. Since the game turned professional in 1992, they are one of the most prolific and consistent performers in cup competitions, having made no less than ten final appearances: five times in the Emperor's Cup and five times in the League Cup. Only Japan's most successful professional team, Kashima Antlers, have made more final appearances. They have won both of these competitions once, and have also won the Japanese Super Cup twice and the Asian Cup Winners Cup once. The club's most recent cup final was in the 2012 J. League Cup which ended in defeat to Kashima.
/m/09r9dp	Jonathan Daniel \"Jon\" Hamm is an American actor and TV director. For much of the mid-1990s, Hamm lived as a struggling actor in Los Angeles, but later made appearances in television series like Providence, The Division, What About Brian, and Related. In 2000, he made his feature film debut in the space adventure film Space Cowboys. The following year, he secured a minor role in the independent comedy, Kissing Jessica Stein.\nHamm gained wide recognition for playing advertising executive Don Draper in the AMC drama series Mad Men, which premiered in July 2007. His performance earned him a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a Drama Series in 2008. He has also directed two episodes of the show. In 2008, Hamm appeared in a remake of the science fiction film The Day the Earth Stood Still. His first leading film role was in the 2010 independent thriller Stolen. He also had supporting roles in The Town, Sucker Punch, and Bridesmaids. Hamm has received ten Emmy nominations for his performance in Mad Men and 30 Rock.
/m/02bpy_	Liberty University is a private, Christian university located in Lynchburg, Virginia, United States. Liberty's annual enrollment includes 12,600 residential students and over 90,000 online students as of May 2013. When including the number of people taking its online courses, LU is the largest Evangelical Christian university in the world, the nation's largest private nonprofit university and 7th largest four-year university, and the largest university in Virginia.\nLiberty's doctrinal statement can be found online.\nLiberty's athletic teams compete in Division I of the NCAA and are collectively known as the Liberty Flames. They compete in the Big South Conference.
/m/02cm61	Public health is \"the science and art of preventing disease, prolonging life and promoting health through the organized efforts and informed choices of society, organizations, public and private, communities and individuals.\" It is concerned with threats to health based on population health analysis. The population in question can be as small as a handful of people, or as large as all the inhabitants of several continents. The dimensions of health can encompass \"a state of complete physical, mental and social well-being and not merely the absence of disease or infirmity\", as defined by the United Nations' World Health Organization. Public health incorporates the interdisciplinary approaches of epidemiology, biostatistics and health services. Environmental health, community health, behavioral health, health economics, public policy, insurance medicine and occupational health are other important subfields.\nThe focus of public health intervention is to improve health and quality of life through the prevention and treatment of disease and other physical and mental health conditions, through surveillance of cases and health indicators, and through the promotion of healthy behaviors. Promotion of hand washing and breastfeeding, delivery of vaccinations, and distribution of condoms to control the spread of sexually transmitted diseases are examples of common public health measures.
/m/03ryzs	Embassy Pictures Corporation was an independent studio and distributor responsible for such films as The Graduate, The Lion in Winter, Carnal Knowledge, This Is Spinal Tap and Escape from New York.
/m/01w0v	Cambridgeshire is a county in England, bordering Lincolnshire to the north, Norfolk to the northeast, Suffolk to the east, Essex and Hertfordshire to the south, and Bedfordshire and Northamptonshire to the west. The city of Cambridge is the county town. Modern Cambridgeshire was formed on 1 April 1974 as an amalgamation of the counties of Cambridgeshire and Isle of Ely and Huntingdon and Peterborough, which had been created on 1 April 1965 from the historic counties of Cambridgeshire, Huntingdonshire, the Isle of Ely and the Soke of Peterborough. It contains most of the region known as Silicon Fen. Cambridgeshire is twinned with Kreis Viersen in Germany.
/m/0fcsd	Asia is a British rock band. The band was formed in 1981 as a supergroup of four members from different progressive rock bands, namely John Wetton, Steve Howe, Geoff Downes and drummer Carl Palmer.\nThe band has gone through many line-up changes throughout its history, but in 2006, the original line-up reunited. As a result of this, a second band called Asia Featuring John Payne exists as a continuation of John Payne's career as Asia's frontman from 1991 until Wetton's return in 2006. In 2013, Howe retired from the band in order to pursue other projects, and was replaced by guitarist Sam Coulson, completing the current lineup.
/m/043n0v_	Ip Man is a 2008 Hong Kong semi biographical martial arts film very loosely based on the life of Yip Man, a grandmaster of the martial art Wing Chun and master of Bruce Lee. The film focuses on events in Ip's life that supposedly took place in the city of Foshan during the Sino-Japanese War. The film was directed by Wilson Yip, and stars Donnie Yen as Ip Man, with martial arts choreography by Sammo Hung. The supporting cast includes Simon Yam, Lynn Hung, Lam Ka-tung, Xing Yu and Hiroyuki Ikeuchi.\nThe idea of an Ip Man biopic originated in 1998 when Jeffrey Lau and Corey Yuen discussed the idea of making a film based on Bruce Lee's martial arts master. However, the studio producing that proposed film closed, and the project was abandoned. Producer Raymond Wong decided to develop his own Ip Man film with full consent from Ip's sons, and had filmmakers head to Foshan to research Ip's life. Ip Chun, Ip Man's eldest son, along with martial arts master Leo Au-yeung and several other Wing Chun practitioners served as technical consultants for the film. Principal photography for Ip Man began in March 2008 and ended in August; filming took place in Shanghai, which was used to architecturally recreate Foshan. During filming, conflicts arose between the producers of Ip Man and filmmaker Wong Kar-wai over the film's working title. Kar-wai, who had been developing his own Ip Man biopic, clashed with the producers after learning that their film would be titled Grandmaster Ip Man, which was too similar to the title of the other film. The producers of Ip Man agreed to change the film title, despite Kar-wai's film being in development hell. Kar-wai's film, titled The Grandmaster, was released on 10 January 2013.
/m/09xq9d	Logic has two meanings: first, it describes the use of valid reasoning in some activity; second, it names the normative study of reasoning or a branch thereof. In the latter sense, it features most prominently in the subjects of philosophy, mathematics, and computer science.\nLogic was studied in several ancient civilizations, including India, China, Persia and Greece. In the West, logic was established as a formal discipline by Aristotle, who gave it a fundamental place in philosophy. The study of logic was part of the classical trivium, which also included grammar and rhetoric. Logic was further extended by Al-Farabi who categorized it into two separate groups. Later, Avicenna revived the study of logic and developed relationship between temporalis and the implication. In the East, logic was developed by Buddhists and Jains.\nLogic is often divided into three parts: inductive reasoning, abductive reasoning, and deductive reasoning.
/m/054knh	The Golden Globe Award for Best Foreign Language Film is one of the awards presented at the Golden Globes, an American film awards ceremony.\nUntil 1986, it was known as the Golden Globe Award for Best Foreign Film, meaning that any non-American film could be honoured. In 1987, it was changed to Best Foreign Language Film, so that non-American English language films are now considered for the Best Motion Picture awards. Additionally, this change makes American films primarily in another language eligible for this award, including recent winner Letters from Iwo Jima and nominees Apocalypto, The Kite Runner, and In the Land of Blood and Honey.\nNote that since the 1987 change in the criteria for this award, its eligibility criteria have been considerably broader than those for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film. American films have never been eligible for this award, and even non-U.S. films had to have principal dialogue in an official language of the submitting country until 2006.\nBefore 1974, the award was given only infrequently, and with several films being jointly honoured per year.\nThe most honored country in this category is United Kingdom, with seven films honored. The most honoured countries after 1987 are Spain and France.
/m/04mnts	Athletic Club Ajaccio is a French association football club based in the city of Ajaccio on the island of Corsica. The club was founded in 1910 and currently plays in Ligue 1, the first division of French football, having finished 2nd in the 2010–11 campaign in Ligue 2. The club president is Alain Orsoni and the first-team is currently coached by interim manager and former youth coach Christian Bracconi, following the sacking of Fabrizio Ravanelli on 2 November 2013. Ajaccio play their home matches at the Stade François Coty and are rivals with fellow island club SC Bastia, with whom they contest the Derby Corse.
/m/03y3dk	Carlo Ponti, Sr. was an Italian film producer with over 140 production credits, and the husband of Italian movie star Sophia Loren.
/m/0ckcvk	James Lawrence Levine is an American conductor and pianist. He is primarily known for his tenure as Music Director of the Metropolitan Opera. Levine has also held leadership positions with the Ravinia Festival, the Munich Philharmonic and the Boston Symphony Orchestra.
/m/04cppj	Road Trip is the 2000 American road-comedy film written by Todd Phillips and Scot Armstrong and directed by Todd Phillips.
/m/06c9r	A role-playing game is a game in which players assume the roles of characters in a fictional setting. Players take responsibility for acting out these roles within a narrative, either through literal acting or through a process of structured decision-making or character development. Actions taken within many games succeed or fail according to a formal system of rules and guidelines.\nThere are several forms of RPG. The original form, sometimes called the tabletop RPG, is conducted through discussion, whereas in live action role-playing games players physically perform their characters' actions. In both of these forms, an arranger called a game master usually decides on the rules and setting to be used and acts as referee, while each of the other players plays the role of a single character.\nSeveral varieties of RPG also exist in electronic media, such as multi-player text-based MUDs and their graphics-based successors, massively multiplayer online role-playing games. Role-playing games also include single-player offline role-playing video games in which players control a character or team who undertake quests, and may include capabilities that advance using statistical mechanics. These games often share settings and rules with tabletop RPGs, but emphasize character advancement more than collaborative storytelling.
/m/01gfq4	Rykodisc Records is an American record label. It is owned by Warner Music Group, operates as a unit of WMG's Independent Label Group and is distributed through Alternative Distribution Alliance.
/m/07kbp5	The Georgia Bulldogs football team represents the University of Georgia in the sport of American football. The Bulldogs compete in the Football Bowl Subdivision of the National Collegiate Athletics Association and the Eastern Division of the Southeastern Conference. They play their homes games at Sanford Stadium on the university's Athens, Georgia, campus, and are currently coached by Mark Richt. Since their inaugural season in 1892, the Bulldogs have been one of the most successful collegiate football programs of all time. UGA teams have won or shared a part of five NCAA football national championships and 14 conference championships, and have appeared in 48 bowl games, the fifth most all time. The program has also produced two Heisman Trophy winners, two No. 1 NFL draft picks, and many winners of other national awards.
/m/03t9sp	Everything but the Girl was a British musical duo, formed in Hull in 1982, consisting of lead singer and occasional guitarist Tracey Thorn and guitarist, keyboardist, and singer Ben Watt. The duo's most successful single was a Todd Terry remix of \"Missing\" charting in several countries in 1994.\nThey are currently inactive, although vocalist Tracey Thorn hinted that they may perform again someday. They have not performed publicly since 2000, and as Thorn stated on BBC Radio4 on 25 January 2014, 'for both Ben and me, it would feel like a step backwards'.\nWatt and Thorn are also a couple; they are very private about their relationship and personal life. For some time, it was not a publicised fact that they were a couple, or that they had married subsequently. The duo have expressed a strong desire to raise their three children with as much privacy as possible.
/m/0k4gf	Jakob Ludwig Felix Mendelssohn Bartholdy, born and widely known as Felix Mendelssohn, was a German composer, pianist, organist and conductor of the early Romantic period.\nA grandson of the philosopher Moses Mendelssohn, Felix Mendelssohn was born into a prominent Jewish family, although initially he was raised without religion and was later baptised as a Reformed Christian. Mendelssohn was recognised early as a musical prodigy, but his parents were cautious and did not seek to capitalise on his talent.\nEarly success in Germany, where he also revived interest in the music of Johann Sebastian Bach, was followed by travel throughout Europe. Mendelssohn was particularly well received in Britain as a composer, conductor and soloist, and his ten visits there – during which many of his major works were premiered – form an important part of his adult career. His essentially conservative musical tastes, however, set him apart from many of his more adventurous musical contemporaries such as Franz Liszt, Richard Wagner and Hector Berlioz. The Leipzig Conservatoire, which he founded, became a bastion of this anti-radical outlook.
/m/019fbp	Madurai is the administrative headquarters of Madurai District in the South Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It is the third largest city in Tamil Nadu. Located on the banks of River Vaigai, it has been a major settlement for two millennia and is one of the oldest continuously inhabited cities in the world.\nMadurai is closely associated with the Tamil language, as all three primary congregations of Tamil scholars, the Third Tamil Sangams, were held in the city between 1780 BCE and the 3rd century CE. The recorded history of the city goes back to the 3rd century BCE, being mentioned by Megasthenes, the Greek ambassador to India, and Kautilya, a minister of the Mauryan emperor Chandragupta Maurya. The city is believed to be of significant antiquity and has been ruled, at different times, by the Early Pandyas, Medieval Cholas, Later Cholas, Later Pandyas, Madurai Sultanate, Vijayanagar Empire, Madurai Nayaks, Chanda Sahib, Carnatic kingdom, and the British. The city has a number of historical monuments, with the Meenakshi Amman Temple and Tirumalai Nayak Palace being the most prominent. Madurai is an important industrial and educational hub in South Tamil Nadu. The city is home to various automobile, rubber, chemical and granite manufacturing industries. It has developed as a second-tier city for information technology, and some software companies have opened offices in Madurai. Madurai has important government educational institutes like the Madurai Medical College, Homeopathic Medical College, Madurai Law College, Agricultural College and Research Institute. Madurai city is administered by a municipal corporation established in 1971 as per the Municipal Corporation Act. Madurai is the second corporation in Tamil Nadu next to Chennai corporation. The city covers an area of 147.99 km² and had a population of 1,017,865 in 2011. The city is also the seat of a bench of the Madras High Court, one of only a few courts outside the state capitals of India.
/m/0f6c3	In most common law jurisdictions, the attorney general or attorney-general is the main legal advisor to the government, and in some jurisdictions he or she may also have executive responsibility for law enforcement, public prosecutions or even ministerial responsibility for legal affairs generally. In practice, the extent to which the attorney-general personally provides legal advice to the government varies between jurisdictions, and even between individual office-holders within the same jurisdiction, often depending on the level and nature of the office-holder's prior legal experience.\nThe term is originally used to refer to any person who holds a general power of attorney to represent a principal in all matters. In the common law tradition, anyone who represents the state, especially in criminal prosecutions, is such an attorney. Although a government may designate some official as the permanent attorney general, anyone who comes to represent the state in the same way may, in the past, be referred to as such, even if only for a particular case. Today, however, in most jurisdictions the term is largely reserved as a title of the permanently appointed attorney general of the state.
/m/0n23_	Licking County is a county located in the state of Ohio, United States. According to the 2010 census, it has a population of 166,492, which is an increase of 14.4% from 145,491 in 2000. Its county seat is Newark and is named for the salt licks that were in the area.\nLicking County is part of the Columbus Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/0l0wv	Rochester Institute of Technology is a private university located within the town of Henrietta in the Rochester, New York metropolitan area.\nRIT is composed of nine academic colleges, including the National Technical Institute for the Deaf. Along with New York Institute of Technology, it is one of the only two institute of technologies in New York. It is most widely known for its fine arts, computing, engineering, and imaging science programs; several fine arts programs routinely rank in the national \"Top 10\" according to the US News & World Report.
/m/0c75w	Espoo is the second largest city and municipality in Finland. The population of the city of Espoo is 260,981. It is part of the Capital region and most of its population lives in the inner urban core of the Helsinki metropolitan area, along with the cities of Helsinki, Vantaa, and Kauniainen. Espoo shares its eastern border with Helsinki and Vantaa, while enclosing Kauniainen. Espoo is the only municipality in Finland to fully enclose another municipality. The city is on the shore of the Gulf of Finland, in the region of Uusimaa.\nOther bordering municipalities of Espoo are Nurmijärvi and Vihti in the north and Kirkkonummi in the west. The national park of Nuuksio is situated in northwest Espoo.\nEspoo encompasses 528 square kilometres, of which 312 km² is land.\nEspoo has several local regional centers. Espoo is thus divided into seven major areas: Vanha-Espoo, Suur-Espoonlahti, Pohjois-Espoo, Suur-Kauklahti, Suur-Leppävaara, Suur-Matinkylä and Suur-Tapiola.\nAalto University is based in Otaniemi, Espoo, along with a thriving science community that includes numerous startups and organizations such as VTT – the Technical Research Center of Finland. Nokia, the telecommunications company, is headquartered in Keilaniemi, Espoo, along with other high-tech companies such as KONE, Tekla and Fortum, as well as video game developers Rovio and Remedy Entertainment.
/m/020qjg	The Copley Medal is a scientific award given by the Royal Society, London for \"outstanding achievements in research in any branch of science.\" It alternates between the physical and the biological sciences. Given every year, the medal is the oldest Royal Society medal still awarded, and probably the oldest surviving scientific award in the world, having first been given in 1731 to Stephen Gray, for \"his new Electrical Experiments: – as an encouragement to him for the readiness he has always shown in obliging the Society with his discoveries and improvements in this part of Natural Knowledge\". The medal was created following a donation of £100 to be used for carrying out experiments by Sir Godfrey Copley, for which the interest on the amount was used for several years. The conditions for the medal have been changed several times; in 1736, it was suggested that \"a medal or other honorary prize should be bestowed on the person whose experiment should be best approved\", and this remained the rule until 1831, when the conditions were changed so that the medal would be awarded to the researcher that the Royal Society Council decided most deserved it. A second donation of £1666 13s. 4d. was made by Sir Joseph William Copley in 1881, and the interest from that amount is used to pay for the medal. The medal in its current format is made of silver gilt and awarded with a £5000 prize.
/m/0zdkh	Grants Pass is a city in, and the county seat of, Josephine County, Oregon, United States. The city is located on Interstate 5, northwest of Medford. Attractions include the Rogue River, famous for its rafting, and the nearby Oregon Caves National Monument located 30 miles south of the city. The population was 34,533 at the 2010 United States Census.
/m/01pj5q	Joseph Frank \"Joe\" Pesci is an American actor, comedian and musician, known for playing tough, volatile characters, in a variety of genres. He is best known for a trio of films he co-starred in with Robert De Niro, directed by Martin Scorsese: Raging Bull, Goodfellas and Casino. Pesci was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role in Raging Bull, and then won the same award for his role as the psychopathic mobster Tommy DeVito in Goodfellas.\nPesci has starred in a number of other high-profile films, including Once Upon a Time in America, My Cousin Vinny, JFK, Home Alone, Home Alone 2, A Bronx Tale and the Lethal Weapon series.\nHe announced his retirement from acting in 1999, and since then he has appeared only sporadically in films.
/m/02zsn	Female (♀) is the sex of an organism, or a part of an organism, which produces ova (egg cells). The ova are defined as the larger gametes in a heterogamous reproduction system, while the smaller, usually motile gamete, the spermatozoon, is produced by the male. A female individual cannot reproduce sexually without access to the gametes of a male (an exception is parthenogenesis). Some organisms can reproduce both sexually and asexually.
/m/03hbbc	Tecmo Co., Ltd., is a Japanese video game corporation founded in 1967. It had its headquarters in Kudankita, Chiyoda, Tokyo. and its subsidiary, Tecmo Inc, was located in Torrance, California.\nTecmo is best known for the Star Force, Dead or Alive, Ninja Gaiden, Deception, Monster Rancher, Rygar, Tecmo Bowl, Fatal Frame, Tōkidenshō Angel Eyes and Gallop Racer video game series.\nIn 2009, Tecmo merged with Koei to form the holding company Tecmo Koei Holdings. In April 2010, Tecmo was dissolved and its video game franchises are now published by Tecmo Koei Games.\nTecmo is also the name of a distinct video game development company that was established in March 2010, but later folded into Tecmo Koei Games in April 2011.\nAs of 2012, the Tecmo brand continues to be used on Tecmo Koei Games's video games.
/m/01dw_f	Deborah Ann \"Debbie\" Harry is an American singer-songwriter and actress best known for being the lead singer of the punk rock and new wave band Blondie. She has also had success as a solo artist, and in the mid-1990s she recorded and performed with The Jazz Passengers. Her acting career spans over 30 film roles and numerous television appearances.
/m/02pt6k_	Nancy L. Snyderman, MD is an American physician and broadcast journalist. Since 2006, she has been the chief medical editor for NBC News, and frequently appears on NBC's Today, NBC Nightly News and MSNBC to discuss medicine-related issues. Snyderman is also on the staff of the otolaryngology-head and neck surgery department at the University of Pennsylvania, located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.\nShe is certified by the American Board of Otolaryngology in head and neck surgery, and specializes in head and neck cancer.\nSnyderman's medical work has been widely published in peer reviewed journals, and she has been the recipient of numerous research grants from the American Cancer Society, the Kellogg Foundation, and the American Academy of Otolaryngology. Snyderman is the author of four books, Dr. Nancy Snyderman’s Guide to Good Health for Women Over Forty, Necessary Journeys, Girl in the Mirror: Mothers and Daughters in the Years of Adolescence, and Diet Myths That Keep Us Fat – And the 101 Truths That Will Save Your Waistline – And Maybe Even Your Life. She also writes a monthly column for Good Housekeeping magazine.
/m/038b_x	Shatrughan Sinha is an Indian film actor and politician. Apart from being member of Rajya Sabha twice he was also Union Cabinet Minister of Health and Family Welfare and Shipping. He was elected to 15th Lok Sabha in 2009.
/m/03205_	Adelphi University is a private, nonsectarian university located in Garden City, in Nassau County, New York, United States. It is the oldest institution of higher education on Long Island. For the sixth year, Adelphi University has been named a “Best Buy” in higher education by the Fiske Guide to Colleges. The university was also named a 2010 Best College in the Northeastern Region by The Princeton Review. The institution was awarded the 2010 Carnegie Classification for Community Engagement by the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching. The U.S. News & World Report ranked Adelphi University as #152 among Tier 1 National Universities.
/m/05vyk	A pianist is a person who plays the piano. Most forms of Western music can make use of the piano. Consequently, pianists have a wide variety of repertoire and styles to choose from, including traditionally classical music, jazz, blues and all sorts of popular music, including rock music. Most pianists also can, to a certain extent play other keyboard-related instruments such as the synthesizer, harpsichord, celesta, the organ, etc.
/m/02cw8s	The Conservatoire de Paris is a college of music and dance founded in 1795, now situated in the avenue Jean Jaurès in the 19th arrondissement of Paris, France. The Conservatoire offers instruction in music, dance, and drama, drawing on the traditions of the \"French School.\"\nIn 1946 it was split in two, one part for acting, theatre and drama, known as the Conservatoire national supérieur d'art dramatique, and the other for music and dance, known as the Conservatoire national supérieur de musique et de danse de Paris. Today the conservatories operate under the auspices of the Ministry of Culture and Communication.
/m/0146pg	John Towner Williams is an American composer, conductor and pianist. He is considered to be one of the greatest film composers of all time. In a career spanning over six decades, he has composed some of the most popular and recognizable film scores in cinematic history, including Jaws, Family Plot, the Star Wars series, Superman, the Indiana Jones series, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, the first two Home Alone films, Hook, Jurassic Park, Schindler's List, Saving Private Ryan, the first three Harry Potter films, Catch Me If You Can, Memoirs of a Geisha, War Horse, and Lincoln. He has had a long association with director Steven Spielberg, composing the music for all but one of Spielberg's major feature length films.\nOther notable works by Williams include theme music for four Olympic Games, NBC Sunday Night Football, the NBC Nightly News, the Statue of Liberty's rededication, the television series Lost in Space and Land of the Giants, and the original, not as well known calypso-based theme song to Gilligan's Island. Williams has also composed numerous classical concerti, and he served as the Boston Pops Orchestra's principal conductor from 1980 to 1993; he is now the orchestra's conductor laureate.
/m/0259r0	Jason Thomas Mraz is an American singer-songwriter who first came to prominence on the San Diego coffee house scene in 2000. At one of these coffee houses, Mraz met percussionist Toca Rivera and released Live at Java Joe's. He released his debut album, Waiting for My Rocket to Come, which contained the hit single \"The Remedy\", in 2002, but it was not until the release of his second album, Mr. A-Z, in 2005, that Mraz achieved major commercial success. The album peaked at number five on the Billboard 200 and sold over 100,000 copies in the US. In 2008, Mraz released his third studio album, We Sing. We Dance. We Steal Things. The album debuted at number three on the Billboard 200 and was a commercial success worldwide, peaking in the top ten of many international charts.\nMraz's international breakthrough came with the release of the single \"I'm Yours\" from the album We Sing. We Dance. We Steal Things. The single peaked at number six on the Billboard Hot 100, giving Mraz his first top ten single. The song was on the Hot 100 for 76 weeks, beating the previous record of 69 weeks held by LeAnn Rimes' \"How Do I Live\". The song was a commercial success in the US, receiving a 5x platinum certification from the RIAA for sales of over five million. The song was successful internationally, topping the charts in New Zealand and Norway and peaking in the top ten of multiple international charts.
/m/02dth1	Peter Lawrence Boyle was an American actor, known for his role as Frank Barone on the sitcom Everybody Loves Raymond, and as a comical monster in Mel Brooks' film spoof Young Frankenstein.\nBoyle, who won an Emmy Award in 1996 for a guest-starring role on the science-fiction drama The X-Files, won praise in both comedic and dramatic parts following his breakthrough performance in the 1970 film Joe.
/m/04ykg	Minnesota is a U.S. state in the Midwestern United States. Minnesota was carved out of the eastern half of the Minnesota Territory and admitted to the Union as the 32nd state on May 11, 1858. Known as the \"Land of 10,000 Lakes\", the state's name comes from a Dakota word for \"clear water\".\nMinnesota is the 12th most extensive and the 21st most populous of the U.S. States. Nearly 60% of its residents live in the Minneapolis–Saint Paul metropolitan area, the center of transportation, business, industry, education, and government and home to an internationally known arts community. The remainder of the state consists of western prairies now given over to intensive agriculture; deciduous forests in the southeast, now cleared, farmed and settled; and the less populated North Woods, used for mining, forestry, and recreation.\nMinnesota is known for its relatively mixed social and political orientations and its high rate of civic participation and voter turnout. It ranks among the healthiest states, and has a highly literate population. The large majority of residents are of Scandinavian and German descent. The state is known as a center of Scandinavian American culture. Ethnic diversity has increased in recent decades. Substantial influxes of Asian, African, and Latin American immigrants have joined the descendants of European settlers and the original Native American inhabitants.
/m/0mwht	Monroe County is a county in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2010 census, the population was 169,842. Its county seat is Stroudsburg.\nNamed in honor of James Monroe, the fifth president of the United States, the county is located in the east of the state, along its border with New Jersey. The county is home to East Stroudsburg University. Monroe County is one of the fastest growing counties in the State of Pennsylvania. Not only has the population increased by over 70% since 1990, but the commercial and retail sectors have grown significantly, as well. There are many new shopping centers and even more are being constructed and are currently being planned at this time.\nMonroe County is part of the East Stroudsburg Metropolitan Statistical Area as determined by the 2010 U.S. Census.
/m/05pcn59	This is a following list for the MTV Movie Award winners and nominees for Best Kiss. Kristen Stewart & Robert Pattinson won for \"The Twilight Saga films\" in four consecutive years.
/m/04kqk	LucasArts Entertainment Company, LLC is an American video game publisher and licensor. Until 2013, it was also a video game developer. LucasArts is best known for its graphic adventure games, as well as games based on the Star Wars and Indiana Jones franchises. Its headquarters are located in San Francisco, California.\nIt was founded in May 1982 by George Lucas as Lucasfilm Games, the video game development group of his film company, Lucasfilm. Lucas initially served as the company's chairman. During a 1990 reorganization of Lucas companies, the Lucasfilm Games division was renamed LucasArts.\nLucasArts was acquired by The Walt Disney Company through the acquisition of its parent company Lucasfilm in 2012. On April 3, 2013, Disney halted all internal development at LucasArts and laid off most of its staff. However, LucasArts remained open so that it could retain its function as a licensor.\nDevelopment of games based on the Star Wars license will be performed by Electronic Arts, through an exclusive license, for the core gaming market. Disney Interactive Studios retained the ability to develop, and LucasArts retained the ability to license, the franchise for the casual gaming market. Development of video games based upon other Lucasfilm properties will now be assumed by Disney Interactive Studios or licensed to third parties.
/m/0x67	African Americans, also referred to as black Americans or Afro-Americans, are citizens or residents of the United States who have total or partial ancestry from any of the native populations of Sub-Saharan Africa.\nAfrican Americans constitute the second largest racial and ethnic minority in the United States. Most African Americans are of West and Central African descent and are descendants of enslaved blacks within the boundaries of the present United States. However, some immigrants from African, Caribbean, Central American, and South American nations, and their descendants, may be identified or self-identify with the term.\nAfrican-American history starts in the 16th century, with Africans forcibly taken to Spanish and English colonies in North America as slaves. After the United States came into being, black people continued to be enslaved and treated as inferiors. These circumstances were changed by Reconstruction, development of the black community, participation in the great military conflicts of the United States, the elimination of racial segregation, and the Civil Rights Movement. In 2008, Barack Obama was the first African American to be elected president of the United States. The geographical-origin-based term \"African American\" is commonly used interchangeably with \"black American\".
/m/015bwt	Boyz II Men are an American R&B vocal group, best known for emotional ballads and acappella harmonies. Currently a trio, although formerly a quartet featuring Michael Mccary, composed of baritone Nathan Morris alongside tenors Wanya Morris, and Shawn Stockman. During the 1990s, Boyz II Men found fame on Motown Records as a quartet, but former member, and bass singer, Michael McCary left the group in 2003 due to health issues.\nDuring the 1990's, Boyz II Men gained international success throughout the globe. This began with the release of the Number One single \"End of the Road\" in 1992, which reached the top of charts across the globe. \"End of the Road\" would set a new record for longevity, staying at Number One on the Billboard Hot 100 for thirteen weeks, breaking the decades-old record held by Elvis Presley. Boyz II Men proceeded to break this record with the subsequent releases of \"I'll Make Love to You\" and \"One Sweet Day\", which, at fourteen and sixteen weeks respectively, each set new records for the total number of weeks at Number One. Both songs topped the charts in Australia, for four weeks, and garnered international success. As of 2013, \"One Sweet Day\" still holds the all-time record with sixteen weeks at the top of the Hot 100.
/m/0dcp_	Cystic fibrosis, also known as mucoviscidosis, is an autosomal recessive genetic disorder that affects most critically the lungs, and also the pancreas, liver, and intestine. It is characterized by abnormal transport of chloride and sodium across an epithelium, leading to thick, viscous secretions.\nThe name cystic fibrosis refers to the characteristic scarring and cyst formation within the pancreas, first recognized in the 1930s. Difficulty breathing is the most serious symptom and results from frequent lung infections that are treated with antibiotics and other medications. Other symptoms—including sinus infections, poor growth, and infertility—affect other parts of the body.\nCF is caused by a mutation in the gene for the protein cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator. This protein is required to regulate the components of sweat, digestive fluids, and mucus. CFTR regulates the movement of chloride and sodium ions across epithelial membranes, such as the alveolar epithelia located in the lungs. Most people without CF have two working copies of the CFTR gene, and both copies must be missing for CF to develop, due to the disorder's recessive nature. CF develops when neither copy works normally and therefore has autosomal recessive inheritance.
/m/0135nb	Christopher Roland \"Chris\" Waddle is an English former professional footballer, manager and current Football commentator and pundit. He still plays at semi-professional level for Northern Counties East League side Hallam, as well as being contracted to ESPN as part of their commentary team.\nDuring his professional career that lasted from 1978 to 1998, he played for clubs including Newcastle United, Tottenham Hotspur and Sheffield Wednesday in England, and Olympique de Marseille in France. Waddle earned 62 caps for the England national football team between 1985 and 1991, and was a member of England's squads for the 1986 FIFA World Cup, UEFA Euro 1988, and the 1990 FIFA World Cup. He famously missed one of the penalties in England's World Cup 1990 semi-final shootout defeat against West Germany. Having left Sheffield Wednesday and the Premier League in 1996, he had a brief stint with Scottish Premier League side Falkirk. He returned to England with Football League sides Bradford City and Sunderland. In 1997 he became player/manager of Burnley but having failed to gain promotion from Division Two, he quit and joined Division Three side Torquay United as a full-time player. His time at United didn't last very long and he decided to retire from professional football. In 2000 he came out of retirement by signing for semi-professional side Worksop Town of the Northern Premier League, where he remained for two years and also helped out on the club's coaching side. Having left Worksop in 2002, he moved further on down the football ladder by having brief stints with both Glapwell and Stocksbridge Park Steels before officially hanging his boots up in 2002.
/m/019bnn	The Grammy Award for Best Comedy Album was awarded from yearly 1959 to 1993 and then from 2004 to present day. There have been several minor changes to the name of the award over this time:\nFrom 1959 to 1967 it was Best Comedy Performance\nFrom 1968 to 1991 it was known as Best Comedy Recording\nFrom 1992 to 1993 and from 2004 to the present day it was awarded as Best Comedy Album\nIn 1960 and 1961 two separate awards were presented for the best spoken and for the best musical comedy performance.\nIn 1994 the award was restricted to spoken word comedy albums and moved into the \"spoken\" field. From then through 2003, it was awarded as the Grammy Award for Best Spoken Comedy Album.\nIn 2004 the award was reinstated within the comedy field as the Grammy Award for Best Comedy Album, once again allowing musical comedy works to be considered.
/m/02jp2w	The NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Championship is a single-elimination tournament played each spring in the United States, currently featuring 68 college basketball teams, to determine the national championship of the major college basketball teams. The tournament, organized by the National Collegiate Athletic Association, was created during 1939 by the National Association of Basketball Coaches, and was the idea of Ohio State University coach Harold Olsen. Played mostly during March, it is known informally as March Madness or the Big Dance, and has become one of the most famous annual sporting events in the United States. The NCAA has credited Bob Walsh of the Seattle Organizing Committee for starting the March Madness celebration during 1984.\nThe tournament teams include champions from 32 Division I conferences, and 36 teams which are awarded at-large berths. These \"at-large\" teams are chosen by an NCAA selection committee, as detailed below. The 68 teams are divided into four regions and organized into a single elimination \"bracket\", which predetermines, when a team wins a game, which team it will face next. Each team is \"seeded\", or ranked, within its region. After an initial four games between eight lower-ranked teams, the tournament occurs during the course of three weekends, at pre-selected neutral sites around the United States. Lower-ranked teams are placed in the bracket against higher ranked teams. Each weekend eliminates three quarters of the teams, from a round of 64, to a \"Sweet Sixteen\", and for the last weekend of the Tournament a Final Four; the Final Four is usually played during the first weekend of April. These four teams, one from each region, then compete in one location for the national championship.
/m/03ckwzc	Miracle at St. Anna is a 2008 American–Italian epic war film set primarily in Italy during German-occupied Europe in World War II. Directed by Spike Lee, the film is based on the eponymous 2003 novel by James McBride, who also wrote the screenplay. The film stars Derek Luke, Michael Ealy, Laz Alonso, Omar Benson Miller, Pierfrancesco Favino and Valentina Cervi.\nMiracle at St. Anna tells the story of four Buffalo Soldiers of the 92nd Infantry Division who seek refuge in a small Tuscan village, where they form a bond with its residents. The story is presented as a flashback, as one survivor reflects on his experiences in a frame story set in 1980s New York. Several real-life events during the war, such as the Sant'Anna di Stazzema massacre, are re-enacted, placing Miracle at St. Anna within the genre of historical fiction.\nLee first learned of the novel in 2004 and approached McBride with the idea of a film adaptation. In Europe, the film's development attracted the attention of Italian film producers, and Lee’s reputation as an acclaimed filmmaker helped secure the film's $45 million budget. A majority of the film was shot in Italy, on several locations affected by World War II. Other filming locations included New York, Louisiana and The Bahamas.
/m/05lwjc	Hip hop soul is sub-genre of contemporary R&B which fuses R&B, neo soul, and dance elements with hip hop. The term did not originate until the promotion for Mary J. Blige's debut album What's the 411? in 1992 when Uptown Records proclaimed her to be the \"Queen of Hip Hop Soul\" and generally describes a style of music that blends soulful R&B singing and raw hip hop production. The genre served as a middle point between two other hip hop/R&B blends, new jack swing and neo soul, and while it was most popular during the mid 1990s with the \"Queen of Hip Hop Soul\", Mary J. Blige, Jodeci, and Aaliyah, it still finds popularity with newcomers such as Ashanti, Beyoncé, Alicia Keys, Keyshia Cole, and Amerie.
/m/029m83	Sydney Irwin Pollack was an American film director, producer and actor. Pollack directed more than 21 films and 10 television shows, acted in over 30 films or shows, and produced over 44 films. Some of his best known works include Jeremiah Johnson, The Way We Were, Three Days of the Condor and Absence of Malice. His 1985 film Out of Africa won him Academy Awards for directing and producing; he was also nominated for Best Director Oscars for They Shoot Horses, Don't They? and Tootsie, in the latter of which he also appeared. His later films included Havana, The Firm, Sabrina, The Interpreter, and as producer for and actor in Michael Clayton.
/m/07x4c	The United States Military Academy at West Point, also known as West Point, Army, The Academy, or simply, The Point, is a four-year coeducational federal service academy located in West Point, New York. The academy sits on scenic high ground overlooking the Hudson River, 50 miles north of New York City. The entire central campus is a national landmark and home to scores of historic sites, buildings, and monuments. The majority of the campus's neogothic buildings are constructed from gray and black granite. The campus is a popular tourist destination complete with a large visitor center and the oldest museum in the United States Army.\nCandidates for admission must both apply directly to the academy and receive a nomination, usually from a member of Congress. Students are officers-in-training and are referred to as cadets or collectively as the United States Corps of Cadets. Tuition for cadets is fully funded by the Army in exchange for an active duty service obligation upon graduation. Approximately 1,300 cadets enter the Academy each July, with about 1,000 cadets graduating.\nThe academic program grants a bachelor of science degree with a curriculum that grades cadets' performance upon a broad academic program, military leadership performance, and mandatory participation in competitive athletics. Cadets are required to adhere to the Cadet Honor Code, which states that \"a cadet will not lie, cheat, steal, or tolerate those who do.\" The academy bases a cadet's leadership experience as a development of all three pillars of performance: academics, physical, and military.
/m/01hp22	Artistic gymnastics is a discipline of gymnastics where gymnasts perform short routines on different apparatus, with less time for vaulting. The sport is governed by the Federation Internationale de Gymnastique, which designs the Code of Points and regulates all aspects of international elite competition. Within individual countries, gymnastics is regulated by national federations, such as BAGA in Great Britain and USA Gymnastics in the United States. Artistic gymnastics is a popular spectator sport at the Summer Olympic Games and in numerous other competitive environments.
/m/082scv	Bolero is a 1984 American romantic drama film starring Bo Derek, and written and directed by her husband John Derek. The film centers on the protagonist's sexual awakening and her journey around the world to pursue an ideal first lover who will take her virginity.\nBolero was the film that dissolved the distribution deal between Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, then known at the time as MGM/UA Communications, and Cannon Films, over the potentially X-Rated material in the film. MGM had the then-current rule of not releasing X-Rated material theatrically. Cannon parted ways with MGM shortly before the release of Bolero, and Cannon Films became an in-house film production and distribution company once again.
/m/0155j3	Cebu is an island province in the Philippines, consisting of the island itself and 167 surrounding islands. Its capital is Cebu City, the oldest city in the Philippines, which forms part of the Cebu Metropolitan Area together with four neighboring cities and eight other local government units. Mactan-Cebu International Airport, located in Mactan Island, is the second busiest airport in the Philippines.\nCebu is one of the most developed provinces in the Philippines, with Cebu City as the main center of commerce, trade, education and industry in the Visayas. Condé Nast Traveler Magazine named Cebu the 7th best island destination in the Indian Ocean-Asia region in 2007, 8th best Asian-Pacific island destination in 2005, 7th in 2004 and in 2009, with popular tourist destinations such as Mactan Island and Moalboal. In a decade it has transformed into a global hub for furniture making, tourism, business processing services, and heavy industry.
/m/02d9k	David Robert Joseph Beckham OBE, is an English former footballer. He has played for Manchester United, Preston North End, Real Madrid, Milan, Los Angeles Galaxy, Paris Saint-Germain, and the England national team for which he holds the appearance record for an outfield player. He was the first English player to win league titles in four countries. He announced his intention to retire at the end of the 2012–13 Ligue 1 season on 16 May 2013 and, on 18 May 2013, played his final game of his storied 20-year career.\nBeckham's professional career began with Manchester United, where he made his first-team debut in 1992 aged 17. With United, Beckham won the Premier League title six times, the FA Cup twice, and the UEFA Champions League in 1999. He then played four seasons with Real Madrid, winning the La Liga championship in his final season with the club. In July 2007 Beckham signed a five-year contract with Major League Soccer club Los Angeles Galaxy. While a Galaxy player, he spent two loan spells in Italy with AC Milan in 2009 and 2010. Beckham was the first British footballer to play 100 Champions League matches.\nIn international football, Beckham made his England debut on 1 September 1996, at the age of 21. He was captain for six years during which he played 58 times. He has 115 career appearances to date.
/m/027cxsm	Benjamin Noah \"Ben\" Silverman is the founder and CEO of the entertainment production company Electus.\nFrom 2007-2009, Silverman served as co-chairman of NBC Entertainment and Universal Media Studios. He is also an Emmy and Golden Globe-winning executive producer of such shows as The Office, Ugly Betty, The Tudors, and The Biggest Loser.
/m/01k12m	The Dutch Golden Age was a period in Dutch history, roughly spanning the 17th century, in which Dutch trade, science, military, and art were among the most acclaimed in the world. The first half is characterized by the Eighty Years' War which ended in 1648. The Golden Age continued in peacetime during the Dutch Republic until the end of the century.
/m/0cjdk	The Fox Broadcasting Company, is an American commercial broadcasting television network that is owned by the Fox Entertainment Group division of 21st Century Fox.\nLaunched on October 9, 1986 as a fourth television network, Fox went on to become the highest-rated broadcast network in the 18–49 demographic from 2004 to 2012 and in the 2007–08 season was the most-watched network in the United States.\n The Fox Broadcasting Company and its affiliates operate many entertainment channels internationally, although these do not necessarily air the same programming as the U.S. network. Most viewers in Canada have access to at least one U.S. Fox affiliate, although most of Fox's primetime programming is subject to Canadian simultaneous substitution regulations.\nThe network is named after sister company 20th Century Fox, and indirectly for producer William Fox, who founded one of the movie studio's predecessors, Fox Film. Fox is a member of the North American Broadcasters Association and the National Association of Broadcasters.
/m/02mj7c	DePaul University is a private university in Chicago, Illinois. Founded by the Vincentians in 1898, the university takes its name from the 17th-century French priest Saint Vincent de Paul. In 1998 it became the largest Catholic university by enrollment in the United States. Following in the footsteps of its founders, DePaul places special emphasis on recruiting first-generation students and others from disadvantaged backgrounds.\nDePaul's two main campuses are located in Lincoln Park and the Loop. The Lincoln Park Campus is home to the Colleges of Liberal Arts and Social Sciences, Science and Health, and Education. It also houses the School of Music, the Theatre School, and the John T. Richardson Library. The Loop campus houses the Colleges of Communication, Computing and Digital Media, and Law. It is also home to the Kellstadt Graduate School of Business, which is part of the nationally-ranked Driehaus College of Business.\nThe university enrolls around 16,420 undergraduate and about 8,000 graduate/law students, making DePaul one of the 11 largest private universities by enrollment in the United States, and the largest private university in Illinois. The student body represents a wide array of religious, ethnic, and geographic backgrounds, including over 60 foreign countries.
/m/01w565	King Record Co., Ltd. is a Japanese record company, founded in 1931 as a division of Japanese publisher Kodansha. It became and began operating as an independent entity in the 1950s, but remains part of the publisher's Otowa Group. Now one of Japan's largest record companies not to be owned by a multinational entity, it is headquartered in Tokyo.
/m/0gxb2	Nausea is a sensation of unease and discomfort in the upper stomach with an involuntary urge to vomit. It often, but not always, precedes vomiting. A person can suffer nausea without vomiting.\nNausea is a non-specific symptom, which means that it has many possible causes. Some common causes of nausea are motion sickness, dizziness, migraine, fainting, gastroenteritis or food poisoning. Side effects of many medications including cancer chemotherapy, nauseants or morning sickness in early pregnancy. Nausea may also be caused by anxiety, disgust and depression.\nMedications taken to prevent and treat nausea are called antiemetics. The most commonly prescribed antiemetics in the US are promethazine, metoclopramide and ondansetron.
/m/04zw9hs	FC Volga Nizhny Novgorod is a Russian football club from Nizhny Novgorod, founded in 1963. In 2008, FC Volga won the Ural-Povolzhye zone of the Russian Second Division and advanced to the Russian First Division. It finished First Division as 4th in 2009 and finished one as 2nd in 2010 and promoted to Russian Premier League for 2011 season. Promotion to the top league was secured after 2-2 draw with Nizhny Novgorod at Nizhny Novgorod derby on 3 November 2010.
/m/081t6	Warren Gamaliel Harding was the 29th President of the United States, a Republican from Ohio who served in the Ohio Senate and then in the United States Senate, where he protected alcohol interests and moderately supported women's suffrage. He was the first incumbent U.S. senator and the first newspaper publisher to be elected U.S. president.\nHarding was the compromise candidate in the 1920 election, when he promised the nation a \"return to normalcy\", in the form of a strong economy, independent of foreign influence. This program was designed to rid Americans of the tragic memories and hardships they faced during World War I. Harding and the Republican Party wanted to move away from the progressivism that dominated the early 20th century. He defeated Democrat and fellow Ohioan James M. Cox in the largest presidential popular vote landslide since popular-vote totals were first recorded.\nHarding not only put the \"best minds\" in his cabinet, including Herbert Hoover as Secretary of Commerce and Charles Evans Hughes as Secretary of State, but also rewarded his friends and contributors, known as the Ohio Gang, with powerful positions. Cases of corruption, including the notorious Teapot Dome scandal, resulted in prison terms for his appointees. Harding was a keen poker player who once lost on a single hand an entire set of White House china dating back to Benjamin Harrison. But he did manage to clean up corruption in the Veterans Bureau.
/m/034fl9	Search for Tomorrow is an American soap opera that aired on CBS from September 3, 1951 to March 26, 1982, and on NBC from March 29, 1982 to December 26, 1986. At the time of its final broadcast, it was the longest-running non-news program on television. This record would later be broken by Hallmark Hall of Fame, which premiered on Christmas Eve 1951 and still airs occasionally.\nThe show was created by Roy Winsor and was first written by Agnes Nixon for thirteen weeks and, later, by Irving Vendig.
/m/0151xv	Sir Dirk Bogarde was an English actor and writer.\nInitially a matinée idol in such films as Doctor in the House and other Rank Organisation pictures, Bogarde later acted in art-house films such as Death in Venice. In a second career, Bogarde wrote seven best-selling volumes of memoirs, six novels and a volume of collected journalism, mainly from his articles in The Daily Telegraph.
/m/013tjc	Donald Jay \"Don\" Rickles is an American stand-up comedian and actor. A frequent guest on The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson, Rickles has acted in comedic and dramatic roles, but is widely known as an insult comic.
/m/0gd5z	Margaret Eleanor Atwood, CC OOnt FRSC is a Canadian poet, novelist, literary critic, essayist, and environmental activist. She is a winner of the Arthur C. Clarke Award and Prince of Asturias Award for Literature, has been shortlisted for the Booker Prize five times, winning once, and has been a finalist for the Governor General's Award several times, winning twice. She is also a co-founder of the Writers' Trust of Canada, a non-profit literary organization that seeks to encourage Canada's writing community.\nWhile she is best known for her work as a novelist, she has also published fifteen books of poetry. Many of her poems have been inspired by myths and fairy tales, which have been interests of hers from an early age. Atwood has published short stories in Tamarack Review, Alphabet, Harper's, CBC Anthology, Ms., Saturday Night, and many other magazines. She has also published four collections of stories and three collections of unclassifiable short prose works.
/m/027hnjh	Frank Spotnitz is an American television writer and producer, best known for his work on The X-Files television series.
/m/0b9rdk	Flash Gordon is a 1980 British-American science fiction film, based on the comic strip of the same name created by Alex Raymond. The film was directed by Mike Hodges, and produced and presented by Dino De Laurentiis. It stars Sam J. Jones, Melody Anderson, Topol, Max von Sydow, Timothy Dalton, Brian Blessed and Ornella Muti. The screenplay was written by Lorenzo Semple, Jr., and adapted by Michael Allin. It intentionally uses a camp style similar to the 1960s TV series Batman in an attempt to appeal to fans of the original comics and serial films. However, it performed poorly outside the United Kingdom. The film is notable for its soundtrack composed, performed and produced by the rock band Queen, with the orchestral sections by Howard Blake.
/m/011yfd	Il Postino: The Postman is a 1994 Italian film directed by Michael Radford. The film was originally released in the US as The Postman, a straight translation of the Italian title. However, since the release of Kevin Costner's post-apocalyptic film of the same name, the film has gone by the title Il Postino: The Postman.\nThe film tells a fictional story in which the real life Chilean poet Pablo Neruda forms a relationship with a simple postman who learns to love poetry. It stars Philippe Noiret, Massimo Troisi, and Maria Grazia Cucinotta. The screenplay was adapted by Anna Pavignano, Michael Radford, Furio Scarpelli, Giacomo Scarpelli, and Massimo Troisi from the novel Ardiente paciencia by Antonio Skármeta. In 1983, Skármeta himself wrote and directed the film \"Ardiente paciencia\", which he later adapted to the novel of the same name in 1985.\nWriter/star Massimo Troisi postponed heart surgery so that he could complete the film. The day after filming was completed, he suffered a fatal heart attack.
/m/06dqt	The Royal Air Force is the aerial warfare service branch of the British Armed Forces. Formed toward the end of the First World War on 1 April 1918, it is the oldest independent air force in the world. Following victory over the Central Powers in 1918 the RAF emerged – at the time – the largest air force in the world. Since its formation, the RAF has taken a significant role in British military history, in particular, playing a large part in the Second World War where it fought its most famous campaign, the Battle of Britain.\nThe RAF's mission is to support the objectives of the British Ministry of Defence, which are to \"provide the capabilities needed: to ensure the security and defence of the United Kingdom and overseas territories, including against terrorism; to support the Government’s foreign policy objectives particularly in promoting international peace and security.\" The RAF describe its mission statement as \"... [to provide] An agile, adaptable and capable Air Force that, person for person, is second to none, and that makes a decisive air power contribution in support of the UK Defence Mission.\" The mission statement is supported by the RAF's definition of air power, which guides its strategy. Air power is defined as: \"The ability to project power from the air and space to influence the behaviour of people or the course of events.\"
/m/09zcbg	The End Records is an independent record label located in Brooklyn, New York that specializes in rock, metal, indie and electronic music.
/m/0794g	Sandra Annette Bullock is an American actress and producer. She rose to fame in the 1990s with roles in films such as Demolition Man, Speed, The Net, While You Were Sleeping, A Time to Kill, and Hope Floats. In the new millennium, Bullock starred in Miss Congeniality, Two Weeks Notice, The Lake House, and the critically acclaimed Crash. In 2007, she was ranked as the 14th richest woman in the entertainment industry with an estimated fortune of $85 million. In 2009, Bullock starred in two of the more financially successful films of her career, The Proposal and The Blind Side. Bullock was awarded the Broadcast Film Critics Association Award for Best Actress, Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Leading Role, Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Motion Picture Drama, and the Academy Award for Best Actress for her role as Leigh Anne Tuohy in The Blind Side.\nShe is listed in the 2012 edition of the Guinness Book of World Records as the highest-paid actress, with $56 million. In 2013, she starred in The Heat, financially the most successful comedy of the year at the domestic box office, and Gravity, which was released on October 4, 2013 to coincide with the beginning of World Space Week. As one of the highest grossing films of the year, Gravity is Bullock's most successful film critically and commercially. For her role as Dr. Ryan Stone in Gravity, Bullock was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress, Broadcast Film Critics Association Award for Best Actress, Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Leading Role, BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role and Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Motion Picture Drama.
/m/04h9h	Latin is an ancient Italic language originally spoken by the Italic Latins in Latium and Ancient Rome. Along with most European languages, it is a descendant of the ancient Proto-Indo-European language. Influenced by the Etruscan language and using the Greek alphabet as a basis, it took form as what is recognizable as Latin in the Italian peninsula. Modern Romance languages are continuations of dialectal forms of the language. Additionally many students, scholars, and some members of the Christian clergy speak it fluently, and it is still taught in some primary, secondary and post-secondary educational institutions around the world.\nLatin is still used in the creation of new words in modern languages of many different families, including English, and largely in biological taxonomy. Latin and its derivative Romance languages are the only surviving languages of the Italic language family. Other languages of the Italic branch were attested in the inscriptions of early Italy, but were assimilated to Latin during the Roman Republic.
/m/046chh	Jon Polito is an American actor and voice artist.
/m/0584j4n	Frank R. McKelvy was an American set decorator. He was nominated for seven Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction.
/m/03fnyk	Ernest Lee \"Ernie\" Hudson Sr. is an American actor known for his roles as Winston Zeddemore in the Ghostbusters film series, Sergeant Albrecht in The Crow, and Warden Leo Glynn on HBO's Oz.
/m/01c6rd	Poitou-Charentes is an administrative region in south-western France comprising four departments: Charente, Charente-Maritime, Deux-Sèvres and Vienne. Historical provinces are Angoumois, Aunis, Saintonge and Poitou.\nThe regional capital is Poitiers. Other important cities are La Rochelle, Niort, Angoulême, Châtellerault, Saintes, Rochefort and Royan.
/m/0q4mn	Pop art is an art movement that emerged in the mid-1950s in Britain and in the late 1950s in the United States. Pop art presented a challenge to traditions of fine art by including imagery from popular culture such as advertising, news, etc. In pop art, material is sometimes visually removed from its known context, isolated, and/or combined with unrelated material. The concept of pop art refers not as much to the art itself as to the attitudes that led to it.\nPop art employs aspects of mass culture, such as advertising, comic books and mundane cultural objects. It is widely interpreted as a reaction to the then-dominant ideas of abstract expressionism, as well as an expansion upon them. And due to its utilization of found objects and images it is similar to Dada. Pop art is aimed to employ images of popular as opposed to elitist culture in art, emphasizing the banal or kitschy elements of any given culture, most often through the use of irony. It is also associated with the artists' use of mechanical means of reproduction or rendering techniques.\nPop art and minimalism are considered to be art movements that precede postmodern art, or are some of the earliest examples of Post-modern Art themselves.
/m/053y0s	William \"Bill\" Payne co-founded, with Lowell George, the American rock band Little Feat. He is considered by many other piano rock musicians, including Elton John, to be one of the finest American piano rock and blues music artists. In addition to his trademark barrelhouse blues piano, he is noted for his work on other keyboard instruments, particularly the Hammond B3 organ. Payne is also an accomplished songwriter whose credits include co-writing, with Lowell George, the Little Feat classic, \"Oh, Atlanta.\"\nPayne has worked and recorded with other musicians including J. J. Cale, Doobie Brothers, Emmylou Harris, Bryan Adams, Pink Floyd, Bob Seger, Toto, Linda Ronstadt, Jackson Browne, James Taylor, Bonnie Raitt, Helen Watson, Stevie Nicks, Shocking Edison, Robert Palmer and Stephen Bruton. He was a guest performer on Bonnie Raitt's album Sweet Forgiveness in 1977, and wrote its track, \"Takin' My Time.\"\nPaul Barrere and Bill Payne played several live concerts with Phil Lesh and Friends, from 10/21/99 to 10/31/99, on 3/10/00, and from 6/21/00 to 7/30/00.\nFollowing the death of Little Feat drummer Richie Hayward on August 12, 2010, Payne is the only member of the group from the original four-piece line-up currently playing in the band.
/m/025g__	J-pop, an abbreviation for Japanese pop, is a musical genre that entered the musical mainstream of Japan in the 1990s. Modern J-pop has its roots in traditional Japanese music, but significantly in 1960s pop and rock music, such as The Beatles and The Beach Boys, which led to Japanese rock bands such as Happy End fusing rock with Japanese music in the early 1970s. J-pop was further defined by New Wave groups in the late 1970s, particularly electronic synthpop band Yellow Magic Orchestra and pop rock band Southern All Stars. Eventually, J-pop replaced kayōkyoku in the Japanese music scene. The term was coined by the Japanese media to distinguish Japanese music from foreign music, and now refers to most Japanese popular music. The musical genre has been immensely influential in many other music styles, and hence those of neighboring regions, where the style has been copied by neighboring Asian regions, who have also borrowed the name to form their own musical identities.
/m/0klh7	Harvey Keitel is an American actor and producer. Some of his most notable starring roles were in Martin Scorsese's Mean Streets and Taxi Driver, Ridley Scott's The Duellists and Thelma & Louise, Quentin Tarantino's Reservoir Dogs and Pulp Fiction, Jane Campion's The Piano, Abel Ferrara's Bad Lieutenant, James Mangold's Cop Land, F.B.I. Special agent Sadusky in National Treasure and the latter's sequel National Treasure: Book of Secrets, as well as playing the devil in Little Nicky. Along with actors Al Pacino and Ellen Burstyn, he is the current co-president of the Actors Studio, considered \"the nation's most prestigious acting school\".
/m/0kbvv	The 2006 Winter Olympics, officially known as the XX Olympic Winter Games, was a winter multi-sport event which was held in Turin, Italy from February 10 to 26, 2006. This marked the second time Italy hosted the Olympic Winter Games, the first being the VII Olympic Winter Games in Cortina d'Ampezzo in 1956. Italy also hosted the Games of the XVII Olympiad in Rome in 1960. Turin was selected as the host city for the 2006 games in 1999.\nThe official logo displayed the name \"Torino\", the Italian name of the city; the city is known as \"Turin\" in both English and the local traditional language, Piedmontese. The Olympic mascots of Torino 2006 were Neve, a female snowball, and Gliz, a male ice cube. The official motto of the XX Olympic Winter Games was \"Passion lives here\".
/m/09p5mwg	Saw VII is 2010 horror film written by Marcus Dunstan and Patrick Melton and directed by Kevin Greutert.
/m/03h0k1	Reggina Calcio are an Italian association football club, the main club of the city of Reggio Calabria. Founded in 1914, they currently play in the Italian Serie B, and play their home matches at the 27,763 seater Stadio Oreste Granillo. They are one of the few \"big\" teams to hail from Calabria. Their president is local entrepreneur Pasquale Foti. He first became managing director in 1986, to later become presidant in 1991. They are nicknamed amaranto after their official colours.
/m/027x4ws	The Dorothy Canfield Fisher Children's Book Award is an annual award for new American children's books, given in Vermont and named after Vermont author Dorothy Canfield Fisher. The winning book is chosen by the vote of Vermont schoolchildren.\nThe award was first given in 1957. It is co-sponsored by the Vermont State PTA and the Vermont Department of Libraries. Each spring, a committee of eight adult judges carefully selects 30 books originally published in the previous year to comprise the shortlist for the award. Vermont schoolchildren who have read at least 5 books from the list then vote for their favorite titles the following spring. The winning author is invited to visit Vermont to speak with children about the experience of writing literature for young people.
/m/076lxv	Edwin Booth Willis was an award-winning motion picture set designer and decorator. Willis worked exclusively at Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer studios for his entire career. During his career as a set designer Willis worked on over 600 separate productions. The Internet Movie Database lists his 577 film credits as set decorator, 163 credits as interior decorator and 24 credits as art director. Edwin B. Willis was nominated for the Academy Award in his profession 32 times, in certain years receiving multiple nominations. Willis won the Oscar on eight occasions. He was born in Decatur, Illinois and died of cancer in Hollywood, in 1963. He was survived by his sister, Verna B. Willis, Film Editor for MGM Studios, and niece, Ouida L. Burchfield, hat designer, and designer of Christmas decor sold nationally.
/m/01w56k	London Records, referred to as London Recordings in logo, is a record label headquartered in the United Kingdom, originally marketing records in the United States, Canada and Latin America from 1947 to 1979, then becoming a semi-independent label.
/m/0bx0l	Lawrence of Arabia is a 1962 British epic adventure drama film based on the life of T. E. Lawrence. It was directed by David Lean and produced by Sam Spiegel through his British company, Horizon Pictures, with the screenplay by Robert Bolt and Michael Wilson. The film stars Peter O'Toole in the title role. It is widely considered one of the greatest and most influential films in the history of cinema. The dramatic score by Maurice Jarre and the Super Panavision 70 cinematography by Freddie Young are also highly acclaimed. The film was nominated for ten Academy Awards and won seven in total including Best Director, Best Sound Editing, and Best Picture.\nThe film depicts Lawrence's experiences in Arabia during World War I, in particular his attacks on Aqaba and Damascus and his involvement in the Arab National Council. Its themes include Lawrence's emotional struggles with the personal violence inherent in war, his own identity, and his divided allegiance between his native Britain and its army and his newfound comrades within the Arabian desert tribes.
/m/0dbtv	A flood is an overflow of water that submerges land which is usually dry. The European Union Floods Directive defines a flood as a covering by water of land not normally covered by water. In the sense of \"flowing water\", the word may also be applied to the inflow of the tide. Flooding may occur as an overflow of water from water bodies, such as a river or lake, in which the water overtops or breaks levees, resulting in some of that water escaping its usual boundaries, or it may occur due to an accumulation of rainwater on saturated ground in an areal flood. While the size of a lake or other body of water will vary with seasonal changes in precipitation and snow melt, these changes in size are unlikely to be considered significant unless they flood property or drown domestic animals.\nFloods can also occur in rivers when the flow rate exceeds the capacity of the river channel, particularly at bends or meanders in the waterway. Floods often cause damage to homes and businesses if they are in the natural flood plains of rivers. While riverine flood damage can be eliminated by moving away from rivers and other bodies of water, people have traditionally lived and worked by rivers because the land is usually flat and fertile and because rivers provide easy travel and access to commerce and industry.
/m/020fgy	Maurice-Alexis Jarre was a French composer and conductor. His son is the electronic composer Jean Michel Jarre.\nAlthough he composed several concert works, Jarre is best known for his film scores, particularly for his collaborations with film director David Lean. Jarre composed the scores to all of Lean's films from Lawrence of Arabia on. Notable scores for other directors include The Train, Mohammad, Messenger of God, Witness and Ghost.\nJarre was awarded a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. Three of his compositions spent a total of 42 weeks on the UK singles chart; the biggest hit was \"Somewhere My Love\" by the Michael Sammes Singers, which reached Number 14 in 1966 and spent 38 weeks on the chart.\nJarre was nominated for nine Academy Awards, winning three in the Best Original Score category for Lawrence of Arabia, Doctor Zhivago, and A Passage to India, all of which were directed by David Lean.
/m/03xpf_7	Al Jean is an American screenwriter and producer. Jean is well known for his work on The Simpsons. He was born and raised in Detroit, Michigan and graduated from Harvard University in 1981. Jean began his writing career in the 1980s with fellow Harvard alum Mike Reiss. Together, they worked as writers and producers on television shows such as The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson, ALF and It's Garry Shandling's Show.\nJean was offered a job as a writer on the animated sitcom The Simpsons in 1989, alongside Reiss, and together they became the first members of the original writing staff of the show. They served as show runners during the show's third and fourth seasons, though they left The Simpsons after season four to create The Critic, an animated show about film critic Jay Sherman. It was first broadcast on ABC in January 1994 and was well received by critics, but did not catch on with viewers and only lasted for two seasons.\nIn 1994, Jean and Reiss signed a three-year deal with The Walt Disney Company to produce other television shows for ABC and the duo created and executive produced Teen Angel, which was canceled in its first season. Jean returned full-time to The Simpsons during the tenth season. He became show runner again with the start of the thirteenth season in 2001, without Reiss, and has held that position since. Jean was also one of the writers and producers that worked on The Simpsons Movie, a feature-length film based on the series, released in 2007.
/m/0yl27	County Down is one of six counties that form Northern Ireland, situated in the north-east of the island of Ireland. Adjoined to the south-east shore of Lough Neagh, the county covers an area of 2,448 km², with a population of about 531,665. It is also one of the thirty-two traditional counties of Ireland, lying within the province of Ulster.\nThe county was archaically called Downshire. It borders County Antrim to the north, the Irish Sea to the east and south, County Armagh to the west, and County Louth to the southwest. In the east of the county is Strangford Lough and the Ards Peninsula. The largest town is Bangor, on the northeast coast. Three other large towns and cities are on its border: Newry lies on the western border with County Armagh, while Lisburn and Belfast lie on the northern border with County Antrim. Down contains both the southernmost point of Northern Ireland and the easternmost point of Ireland.\nIt is one of only two counties of Ireland to presently have a majority of the population from a Protestant community background, according to the 2001 census. The other is County Antrim.
/m/07b8m1	Denizlispor is a sports club based in Denizli, Turkey. It is known by its distinct green and black colors. The club's branches include football, volleyball, basketball, table tennis, chess, and gymnastics. The Denizlispor Football squad, which was originally founded in 1966, is currently the largest and most popular of the club’s teams with a seating capacity of up to 19,500 fans at Denzili Atatürk Stadium. As part of the Turkish Football Federation’s Süper Lig, Denizlispor have gained international recognition in recent years, when their fifth place finish in 2002 qualified them for a match in the UEFA Cup. That year, the team made a surprising run, defeating other European teams like FC Lorient, Sparta Prague, and Olympique Lyonnais, before losing in the fourth round to FC Porto, who would eventually go on to win the tournament. In anticipation of a promising season, the green and black hope to improve on last year’s seventh place finish by adding Darryl Roberts to their roster.
/m/015pxr	Ricky Dene Gervais is an English comedian, actor, voice actor, director, producer, musician, writer, and former radio presenter.\nGervais achieved mainstream fame with his television series The Office and the subsequent series Extras, both of which he co-wrote and co-directed with Stephen Merchant. In addition to writing and directing the shows, Gervais played the lead roles of David Brent in The Office and Andy Millman in Extras. Gervais has also starred in Hollywood films Ghost Town and The Invention of Lying. He has performed on four sell-out stand-up comedy tours, written the best-selling Flanimals book series and starred with Merchant and Karl Pilkington in the most downloaded podcast in the world as of March 2009, The Ricky Gervais Show. More recently, he hosted the Golden Globe Awards consecutively between 2010 and 2012.\nGervais has won seven BAFTA Awards, five British Comedy Awards, three Golden Globe Awards, two Emmy Awards and the 2006 Rose d'Or, as well as a Screen Actors Guild Award nomination. In 2007 he was voted the 11th greatest stand-up comic on Channel 4's 100 Greatest Stand-Ups and again in the updated 2010 list as the 3rd greatest stand-up comic. In 2010 he was named on the TIME 100 list of the world's most influential people.
/m/017yfz	Gilbert \"Gil\" Scott-Heron was an American soul and jazz poet, musician, and author, known primarily for his work as a spoken word performer in the 1970s and '80s. His collaborative efforts with musician Brian Jackson featured a musical fusion of jazz, blues, and soul, as well as lyrical content concerning social and political issues of the time, delivered in both rapping and melismatic vocal styles by Scott-Heron. His own term for himself was \"bluesologist\", which he defined as \"a scientist who is concerned with the origin of the blues.\" His music, most notably on Pieces of a Man and Winter in America in the early 1970s, influenced and helped engender later African-American music genres such as hip hop and neo soul.\nBesides influencing contemporary musicians, Scott-Heron remained active until his death, and in 2010 released his first new album in 16 years, entitled I'm New Here. A memoir he had been working on for years up to the time of his death, The Last Holiday, was also published, posthumously in January 2012.\nHis recording work received much critical acclaim, especially one of his best-known compositions \"The Revolution Will Not Be Televised\". His poetic style has influenced every generation of hip hop.
/m/0l8bg	Posttraumatic stress disorder is an anxiety disorder that may develop after a person is exposed to one or more traumatic events, such as sexual assault, serious injury, or the threat of death. The diagnosis may be given when a group of symptoms such as disturbing recurring flashbacks, avoidance or numbing of memories of the event, and hyperarousal continue for more than a month after the traumatic event.\nMost people having experienced a traumatizing event will not develop PTSD. Women are more likely to experience higher impact events, and are also more likely to develop PTSD than men. Children are less likely to experience PTSD after trauma than adults, especially if they are under ten years of age. War veterans are commonly at risk to PTSD.
/m/0dtfn	Star Wars, later retitled Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope, is a 1977 American epic space opera film written and directed by George Lucas. It is the first installment in the Star Wars series. The film stars Mark Hamill, Harrison Ford, Carrie Fisher, Peter Cushing and Sir Alec Guinness. In the film, a group of freedom fighters known as the Rebel Alliance plot to destroy the powerful Death Star space station, a devastating weapon created by the evil Galactic Empire. This conflict disrupts the isolated life of farmboy Luke Skywalker when he inadvertently acquires the droids carrying the stolen plans to the Death Star. After the Empire begins a cruel and destructive search for the droids, Skywalker decides to accompany Jedi Knight Obi-Wan Kenobi on a daring mission to rescue the owner of the droids, rebel leader Princess Leia, and save the galaxy.\nLucas began writing the script to Star Wars after completing his previous film American Graffiti and based the plot outline on Akira Kurosawa's The Hidden Fortress. Lucas approached Alan Ladd, Jr. after United Artists and Universal Pictures rejected his script and the project was planned to be financed and released through 20th Century Fox. During this time, the script underwent numerous changes and Lucas founded Industrial Light & Magic to create the visual effects for the film. Filming began on March 22, 1976, and was shot in various locations in Tunisia, England and Guatemala. During production, Lucas and the crew encountered numerous problems such as weather problems, malfunctioning equipment, as well as budgetary concerns. Eventually, Lucas, along with producer Gary Kurtz and production supervisor Robert Watts, split the crew into three units to meet the studio's deadlines. During post production, sound designer Ben Burtt used various animal roars, cables and other sound effects to create an \"organic soundtrack\" and composer John Williams used leitmotifs in his score at Lucas' requests.
/m/01pd60	The Fortune 500 is an annual list compiled and published by Fortune magazine that ranks the top 500 U.S. closely held and public corporations as ranked by their gross revenue after adjustments made by Fortune to exclude the impact of excise taxes companies incur. The list includes publicly and privately held companies for which revenues are publicly available. The first Fortune 500 list was published in 1955.\nWalmart, then branded as Wal-Mart, was the largest company on the list in 2007 and 2008. ExxonMobil was in second place in 2007 and 2008, but overtook Walmart in 2009. Walmart once again regained the top spot in 2010. The revenue and profit numbers are for the year previous to the named year; therefore, the 2010 list ranks companies by 2009 revenues.\nAlthough the Fortune 500 list is the most familiar one, similar gross revenue lists of the top firms range from the highest ranking Fortune 100 including the top one hundred to the broader ranking Fortune 1000 that includes the top thousand firms. While the membership on the smaller lists are somewhat stable, the ranking on the lists may change over time depending upon revenues, and often because of mergers among firms already listed.
/m/0rxyk	Valdosta is the county seat of Lowndes County, Georgia, United States. As of the 2010 Census, Valdosta has a total population of 54,518, and is the 14th largest city in Georgia.\nValdosta is the principal city of the Valdosta Metropolitan Statistical Area, which in 2010, had a population of 139,588.\nValdosta is the home of Valdosta State University, a regional university in the University System of Georgia with over 13,000 students, and Valdosta High School, home to the winningest football program in the United States.\nIt is called the Azalea City as the plant grows in profusion there; the city hosts an annual Azalea Festival in March.
/m/0gjk1d	Dead Man Walking is a 1995 American crime drama film starring Susan Sarandon and Sean Penn, and co-produced and directed by Tim Robbins, who adapted the screenplay from the non-fiction book of the same name. It tells the story of Sister Helen Prejean, who establishes a special relationship with Matthew Poncelet, a prisoner on death row in Louisiana.
/m/0b_770	The 2001 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament involved 65 schools playing in single-elimination play to determine the national champion of men's NCAA Division I college basketball. It began on March 13, 2001, with the play-in game, and ended with the championship game on April 2 in Minneapolis, Minnesota, at the Metrodome. A total of 64 games were played.\nThis tournament is the first to feature 65 teams, due to the Mountain West Conference receiving an automatic bid for the first time. This meant that 31 conferences would have automatic bids to the tournament. The NCAA decided to maintain 34 at-large bids, which necessitated a play-in game between the #64 and #65 ranked teams, with the winner playing against a #1 seed in the first round. This is also the first tournament to have been broadcast in high-definition, being broadcast on CBS.\nThis was the last tournament where the first- and second-round sites matched geographically with their regions. The \"pod system\" was instituted for the 2002 tournament in the wake of the September 11 attacks to keep as many teams as possible closer to their campus in the first two rounds.
/m/01zjn0	Barrow-in-Furness, is a town and seaport in the county of Cumbria, England. Historically part of Lancashire it was incorporated as a municipal borough in 1867 and merged with adjacent districts in 1974 to form the Borough of Barrow-in-Furness. Situated at the tip of the Furness peninsula close to the Lake District it is bordered by Morecambe Bay, the Duddon Estuary and the Irish Sea. In 2011 Barrow's population stood at around 57,000, while 69,000 lived in the wider borough making it the second largest urban area in Cumbria after Carlisle. People from Barrow are known as Barrovians.\nIn the Middle Ages, Barrow was a small hamlet with Furness Abbey, on the outskirts of the modern-day town, controlling the local economy before its dissolution in 1537. The iron prospector Henry Schneider arrived in Furness in 1839 and, with other investors, opened the Furness Railway in 1846 to transport iron ore and slate from local mines to the coast. Further hematite deposits were discovered, of sufficient size to develop factories for smelting and exporting steel. By the late 19th century, the Barrow Hematite Steel Company-owned steelworks was the world's largest.
/m/0mb0	Anne Rice is an American author of gothic fiction, Christian literature, and erotica. She is perhaps best known for her popular and influential series of novels, The Vampire Chronicles, revolving around the central character of Lestat. Books from The Vampire Chronicles were the subject of two film adaptations, Interview with the Vampire: The Vampire Chronicles in 1994, and Queen of the Damned in 2002.\nBorn in New Orleans, Rice spent much of her early life there before moving to Texas, and later to San Francisco. She was raised in an observant Roman Catholic family, but became an atheist as a young adult. She began her professional writing career with the publication of Interview with the Vampire in 1976, while living in California, and began writing sequels to the novel in the 1980s. In the mid-2000s, following a publicized return to Catholicism, Rice published the novels Christ the Lord: Out of Egypt and Christ the Lord: The Road to Cana, fictionalized accounts of certain incidents in the life of Jesus. Several years later she distanced herself from organized Christianity, citing disagreement with the Church's stances on social issues but pledging that faith in God remained \"central to [her] life.\" However, she now considers herself a secular humanist.
/m/02z0dfh	The National Society of Film Critics Award for Best Supporting Actress is one of the annual awards given by the National Society of Film Critics.\nThis awards was given for the first time in 1967 to Marjorie Rhodes for her role in The Family Way.\nMeryl Streep won this award three times: in 1978 for The Deer Hunter, in 1979 for Kramer vs. Kramer, for Manhattan and for The Seduction of Joe Tynan and in 2006 for The Devil Wears Prada and for A Prairie Home Companion. Anjelica Huston, Dianne Wiest and Patricia Clarkson each won the award two times. in 2009 Mo'Nique became the first African-American to win in this category for her performance in Precious.
/m/08nvyr	Babel is a 2006 international drama film directed by Alejandro González Iñárritu and written by Guillermo Arriaga, starring an ensemble cast. The multi-narrative drama completes Iñárritu's Death Trilogy, following Amores perros and 21 Grams.\nThe film portrays multiple stories taking place in Morocco, Japan, and Mexico/U.S.A. It was an international co-production among companies based in France, Mexico, and the U.S. The film was first screened at the 2006 Cannes Film Festival, and was later shown at the Toronto International Film Festival. The name of the film was created initially by Pavneet Dhanoa's misspelling of Nabeel Khalid's original name. It opened in selected cities in the United States on 27 October 2006, and went into wide release on 10 November 2006. On 15 January 2007, it won the Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture — Drama. It was nominated for seven Academy Awards, including Best Picture, Best Director, and two nominations for Best Supporting Actress and won for Best Original Score.
/m/0j63cyr	The 37th annual Toronto International Film Festival was held in Toronto, Ontario, Canada between September 6 and September 16, 2012. TIFF announced the films that were accepted on August 21, 2012. Looper directed by Rian Johnson was selected as the opening film.
/m/0d06vc	The Iraq War was an armed conflict in Iraq that consisted of two phases. The first was an invasion of Iraq starting on 20 March 2003 by an invasion force led by the United States. It was followed by a longer phase of fighting, in which an insurgency emerged to oppose the occupying forces and the newly formed Iraqi government. The U.S. completed its withdrawal of military personnel in December 2011. However, the insurgency is ongoing and continues to cause thousands of fatalities.\nPrior to the war, the governments of the United States and the United Kingdom claimed that Iraq's alleged possession of weapons of mass destruction posed a threat to their security and that of their coalition/regional allies. In 2002, the United Nations Security Council passed Resolution 1441 which called for Iraq to completely cooperate with UN weapon inspectors to verify that Iraq was not in possession of WMD and cruise missiles. Prior to the attack, the United Nations Monitoring, Verification and Inspection Commission found no evidence of WMD, but could not yet verify the accuracy of Iraq's declarations regarding what weapons it possessed, as their work was still unfinished. The leader of the inspectors, Hans Blix, estimated the time remaining for disarmament being verified through inspections to be \"months\".
/m/05d8vw	Yolanda Yvette Adams is an American gospel singer, record producer, actress, and radio host. As of September 2009, she had sold 4.5 million albums since 1991 in the United States, and nearly 8 million albums worldwide according to SoundScan.\nOn December 11, 2009, Billboard Magazine named her the No. 1 Gospel Artist of the last decade. In the same chart, her album Mountain High...Valley Low was acknowledged as the best gospel album.
/m/0134tg	The Allman Brothers Band is an American rock/blues band once based in Macon, Georgia. The band was formed in Jacksonville, Florida, in 1969 by brothers Duane Allman and Gregg Allman, plus Dickey Betts, Berry Oakley, Butch Trucks, and Jai Johanny \"Jaimoe\" Johanson. While the band has been called the principal architects of Southern rock, they also incorporate elements of blues, jazz, and country music, and their live shows have jam band-style improvisation and instrumentals.\nThe band achieved its artistic and commercial breakthrough in 1971 with the release of At Fillmore East, featuring extended renderings of their songs \"In Memory of Elizabeth Reed\" and \"Whipping Post\" and often considered one of the best live albums ever made. George Kimball of Rolling Stone magazine hailed them as \"the best damn rock and roll band this country has produced in the past five years.\" A few months later, group leader Duane Allman was killed in a motorcycle accident. The group survived that and the death of bassist Oakley in another motorcycle accident a year later; with replacement members Chuck Leavell and Lamar Williams, the Allman Brothers Band achieved its peak commercial success in 1973 with the album Brothers and Sisters and the hit single \"Ramblin' Man\". Internal turmoil overtook the band soon after; the group dissolved in 1976, reformed briefly at the end of the decade with additional personnel changes, and dissolved again in 1982.
/m/01mqnr	Martin Landau is an American film and television actor. His career started in the 1950s, with early film appearances including a supporting role in Alfred Hitchcock's North by Northwest. He played regular roles in the television series Mission: Impossible and Space: 1999.\nLandau received the Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor – Motion Picture, as well as his first nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor, for his role in Tucker: The Man and His Dream; he received his second Oscar nomination for his appearance in Crimes and Misdemeanors. His performance in the supporting role of Bela Lugosi in Ed Wood earned him an Academy Award, a Screen Actors Guild Award and a Golden Globe Award. He continues to perform in film and TV and heads the Hollywood branch of the Actors Studio.
/m/02q3fdr	Ponyo, initially titled in English as Ponyo on the Cliff by the Sea, is a 2008 Japanese animated fantasy film written and directed by Hayao Miyazaki of Studio Ghibli. It is Miyazaki's eighth film for Ghibli, and his tenth overall. The plot centers on a goldfish named Ponyo who befriends a five-year-old human boy, Sōsuke, and wants to become a human girl.\nThe film has won several awards, including the Japan Academy Prize for Animation of the Year. It was released in Japan on July 19, 2008, in the US and Canada on August 14, 2009, and in the UK on February 12, 2010. The film reached #9 in the US box office charts for its opening weekend.
/m/04m1bm	Nuovo Cinema Paradiso, internationally released as Cinema Paradiso, is a 1988 Italian drama film written and directed by Giuseppe Tornatore. The film stars Jacques Perrin, Philippe Noiret, Leopoldo Trieste, Marco Leonardi, Agnese Nano and Salvatore Cascio, and was produced by Franco Cristaldi and Giovanna Romagnoli, while the music score was composed by Ennio Morricone along with his son, Andrea.
/m/098knd	The West Indian cricket team, also known as the West Indies or, colloquially, the Windies, is a multi-national cricket team representing a sporting confederation of 15 mainly English-speaking Caribbean countries, British dependencies and non-British dependencies.\nFrom the mid-1970s to the early 1990s, the West Indies team was one of the strongest in the world in both Test and One Day International cricket. A number of cricketers considered among the best in the world have hailed from the West Indies: Sir Garfield Sobers, Lance Gibbs, Gordon Greenidge, George Headley, Brian Lara, Clive Lloyd, Malcolm Marshall, Andy Roberts, Alvin Kallicharran, Rohan Kanhai, Sir Frank Worrell, Clyde Walcott, Everton Weekes, Curtly Ambrose, Michael Holding, Courtney Walsh, Joel Garner and Sir Viv Richards have all been inducted into the ICC Hall of Fame.\nThe West Indies have won the ICC Cricket World Cup twice, in 1975 and 1979, the ICC World Twenty20 once, in 2012, the ICC Champions Trophy once, in 2004, and were runners up in the Under 19 Cricket World Cup in 2004. The first cricket team to win the World Cup twice, their record was surpassed by four World Cup wins by Australia, and equalled by India in 2011. West Indies are also the first team to win back to back World Cups, since surpassed by three consecutive World Cup wins by Australia. West Indies is the first team to appear in three consecutive World Cup finals, since surpassed by four consecutive World Cup finals appearances by Australia.
/m/012h0y	Women's rights are the rights and entitlements claimed for women and girls of many societies worldwide.\nIn some places, these rights are institutionalized or supported by law, local custom, and behavior, whereas in others they may be ignored or suppressed. They differ from broader notions of human rights through claims of an inherent historical and traditional bias against the exercise of rights by women and girls in favour of men and boys.\nIssues commonly associated with notions of women's rights include, though are not limited to, the right: to bodily integrity and autonomy; to vote; to hold public office; to work; to fair wages or equal pay; to own property; to education; to serve in the military or be conscripted; to enter into legal contracts; and to have marital or parental rights.
/m/01dqhq	The New Wave of British Heavy Metal, or NWOBHM ', was a heavy metal movement that started in the late 1970s, in Britain, and achieved international attention by the early 1980s. After Sounds editor Alan Lewis coined the term, journalist Geoff Barton first used it in the May 1979 issue of Sounds magazine as a way of describing a second wave of heavy metal bands that emerged in the late 1970s during the period of punk rock's decline and the dominance of New Wave music. The movement developed as a reaction in part to the decline of early heavy metal bands such as Led Zeppelin, Deep Purple and Black Sabbath. NWOBHM bands toned down the blues influences of earlier acts, incorporated elements of punk, increased the tempo, and adopted a \"tougher\" sound, taking a harder approach to its music. It was an era directed almost exclusively at heavy metal fans and is considered to be a major foundation stone for the extreme metal genres; acts such as the American metal band Metallica cite NWOBHM bands like Iron Maiden, Saxon, Motörhead and Diamond Head as a major influence on their musical style.\nThe NWOBHM came to dominate the heavy metal scene of the early-mid-1980s. NWOBHM was musically characterized by fast upbeat tempo songs, power chords, fast guitar solos and melodic, soaring vocals, with lyrical themes often drawing inspiration from mythology and fantasy fiction.
/m/025rpyx	Panathinaikos Football Club is a Greek professional football club based in the city of Athens. Founded in 1908, they play in the Super League Greece and are one of the oldest and most successful clubs in Greek football. They have won 20 Greek Championships and 17 Greek Cups.\nPanathinaikos is the most successful Greek club in terms of achievements in European competitions. They have reached the European Cup final in 1971 and the semi-finals in 1985 and 1996.\nAccording to the vast majority of researches and polls, it is the second most popular football team in Greece.\nPanathinaikos F.C. is the football department of Panathinaikos Athlitikos Omilos, a multi-sport club. In 1979, the department became professional and independent. They have played their home games in a number of grounds, most significantly the Apostolos Nikolaidis Stadium – which is considered as their traditional home ground – and the Athens Olympic Stadium.\nThe club holds a long-term rivalry with Olympiacos and matches between the two teams are referred to as \"Derby of the eternal enemies\".\nPanathinaikos F.C. is one of only two supporter-owned football clubs in Greece, along with Aris Thessaloniki.
/m/0j8js	The Florida Panthers are a professional ice hockey team based in Sunrise, Florida, in the Miami metropolitan area. They are members of the Atlantic Division of the Eastern Conference of the National Hockey League. They play their games at the BB&T Center in Sunrise and are the southernmost team in the NHL. They made one trip to the Stanley Cup Finals in 1996, getting swept by the Colorado Avalanche in four games.\nThe team advanced to the Stanley Cup playoffs for the first time in twelve years in 2012, but were eliminated in 7 games by the eventual Eastern Conference Champions, the New Jersey Devils in the Eastern Conference Quarterfinals.
/m/0pqc5	In many countries, a mayor is the highest-ranking officer in the municipal government of a town or a large urban city.\nIn many municipal systems the mayor serves as chief executive officer and/or ceremonial official of many types of municipalities. Worldwide, there is a wide variance in local laws and customs regarding the powers and responsibilities of a mayor, as well as the means by which a mayor is elected or otherwise mandated.
/m/05zjtn4	The University of North Texas, based in Denton, is a public institution of higher education and research committed to a wide array of sciences, engineering fields, liberal arts, fine arts, performing arts, humanities, public policy, and graduate professional education. Ten colleges, two schools, an early admissions math and science academy for exceptional high-school-age students from across the state, and a library system comprise the university. Its research is driven by nearly 50 doctoral degree programs. During the 2012–2013 school year, the university had a budget of $870 million, of which $30 million was allocated for research. North Texas was founded as a nonsectarian, coeducational, private teachers college in 1890; and, as a collaborative development in response to enrollment growth and public demand, its trustees ceded control to the state in 1899. In 1901, North Texas was formally adopted by the State.
/m/02lw5z	E! is an American basic cable and satellite television channel that is owned by the NBCUniversal Cable division of NBCUniversal. It features entertainment-related programming, reality television, feature films and occasionally series and specials unrelated to the entertainment industry. As of August 2013, E! has an audience reach of approximately 96,472,000 American households. The channel is also available in Canada, which broadcasts original programming at the same as the United States and localized versions across Europe, Asia and Australia.
/m/02tk74	Natasha Jane Richardson was an English stage and screen actress.\nA member of the Redgrave family, she was the daughter of actress Vanessa Redgrave and director/producer Tony Richardson and the granddaughter of Michael Redgrave and Rachel Kempson. Early in her career, she portrayed Mary Shelley in Ken Russell's Gothic, and Patty Hearst in the eponymous 1988 film directed by Paul Schrader, and later received critical acclaim and a Theatre World Award for her Broadway debut in the 1993 revival of Anna Christie.\nShe won the Tony Award for Best Performance by a Leading Actress in a Musical, the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Actress in a Musical, and the Outer Critics Circle Award for her performance as Sally Bowles in the 1998 Broadway revival of Cabaret. Some of her notable films included Patty Hearst, The Handmaid's Tale, Nell, The Parent Trap, and Maid in Manhattan.\nHer first marriage to filmmaker Robert Fox ended in divorce in 1992. In 1994, she married fellow actor Liam Neeson, whom she had met when the two appeared in Anna Christie. The couple had two sons, Micheál and Daniel. Richardson's father died of AIDS-related causes in 1991. She helped raise millions of dollars in the fight against AIDS through the charity amfAR, the American Foundation for AIDS Research. Richardson died on 18 March 2009 from an epidural hematoma after a skiing accident in Quebec, Canada.
/m/0d9qmn	Club Deportivo Godoy Cruz Antonio Tomba, known simply as Godoy Cruz, is an Argentine sports club from Godoy Cruz, Mendoza. The club is best known for its football team, that plays in the Primera División, the top level of the Argentine football league system.\nOther activities practised at Godoy Cruz are basketball, team handball, field hockey, tennis and volleyball.
/m/02cx90	Alison Maria Krauss is an American bluegrass-country singer-songwriter and musician. She entered the music industry at an early age, winning local contests by the age of ten and recording for the first time at fourteen. She signed with Rounder Records in 1985 and released her first solo album in 1987. She was invited to join the band with which she still performs, Alison Krauss and Union Station, and later released her first album with them as a group in 1989.\nShe has released fourteen albums, appeared on numerous soundtracks, and helped renew interest in bluegrass music in the United States. Her soundtrack performances have led to further popularity, including the O Brother, Where Art Thou? soundtrack, an album also credited with raising American interest in bluegrass, and the Cold Mountain soundtrack, which led to her performance at the 2004 Academy Awards.\nAs of 2012, she has won 27 Grammy Awards from 41 nominations, making her tied as the most awarded living recipient, four behind classical conductor Sir Georg Solti. She is the most awarded singer and the most awarded female artist in Grammy history. At the time of her first, the 1991 Grammy Awards, she was the second youngest winner.
/m/016vqk	Lionel Brockman Richie, Jr. is an American singer-songwriter, musician, record producer and actor. Beginning in 1968, he was a member of the musical group Commodores signed to Motown Records. Richie made his solo debut in 1982 with the album Lionel Richie and number-one hit \"Truly\".
/m/0lk8j	The 1932 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the X Olympiad, was a major world wide multi-athletic event which was celebrated in 1932 in Los Angeles, California, United States. No other cities made a bid to host these Olympics. Held during the worldwide Great Depression, many nations and athletes were unable to pay for the trip to Los Angeles. Fewer than half the participants of the 1928 Summer Olympics in Amsterdam returned to compete in 1932. Even U.S. President Herbert Hoover skipped the event.\nThe organizing committee put no record of the finances of the Games in their report, though contemporary newspapers reported that the Games had made a profit of US$1,000,000.
/m/01vmv_	Queen's University Belfast is a public research university in Belfast, Northern Ireland. The university's official title, per its charter, is The Queen's University of Belfast. It is often referred to simply as Queen's, or by the abbreviation QUB. The university was chartered in 1845, and opened in 1849 as \"Queen's College, Belfast\", but has roots going back to 1810 and the Royal Belfast Academical Institution.\nQueen's is a member of the Russell Group of leading research intensive universities, the Association of Commonwealth Universities, the European University Association, Universities Ireland and Universities UK. The university offers academic degrees at various levels and across a broad subject range, with over 300 degree programmes available. Professor Patrick Johnston will be the University’s 12th President and Vice-Chancellor from 1 March 2014, and its Chancellor is the current Secretary General of the Commonwealth of Nations, Kamalesh Sharma.\nThe University also forms the focal point of the Queen's Quarter area of the city, one of Belfast's seven cultural districts.
/m/02ywwy	The Avengers is a 1998 American action spy film adaptation of the British television series of the same name from the 1960s.\nThe film was directed by Jeremiah Chechik. It stars Ralph Fiennes and Uma Thurman as secret agents John Steed and Emma Peel, and Sean Connery as Sir August de Wynter, a mad scientist bent on controlling the world's weather and blackmailing various governments for sun or rain. Patrick Macnee, who played John Steed on the original series, makes a vocal cameo as the voice of Invisible Jones.
/m/0dqyc	Zeeland, also called Zealand in English, is the westernmost province of the Netherlands. The province, located in the south-west of the country, consists of a number of islands and a strip bordering Belgium. Its capital is Middelburg. With a population of about 380,000, its area is about 2,930 km², of which almost 1,140 km² is water.\nLarge parts of Zeeland are below sea level. The last great flooding of the area was in 1953. Tourism is an important economic activity. In the summer, its beaches make it a popular destination for tourists, especially German tourists. In some areas, the population can be two to four times higher during the high summer season. The coat of arms of Zeeland shows a lion half-emerged from water, and the text \"luctor et emergo\". The Pacific nation of New Zealand is named after Zeeland.
/m/02pjc1h	In Bruges is a 2008 British black comedy film written and directed by Martin McDonagh. The film stars Colin Farrell and Brendan Gleeson as two Irish hitmen in hiding, with Ralph Fiennes as their gangster boss. The film takes place—and was filmed—in the Belgian city of Bruges.\nIn Bruges was the opening night film of the 2008 Sundance Film Festival. The film opened on limited release in the United States on 8 February 2008. It premiered at the Jameson Dublin International Film Festival on 15 February 2008, and later went on full release in Ireland on 8 March 2008. The film opened 18 April 2008, in the United Kingdom.\nFarrell won a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a Musical or Comedy for the film, while Martin McDonagh won a BAFTA Award for Best Original Screenplay.
/m/03lb76	Fußball-Club St. Pauli von 1910 e.V., commonly known as simply FC St. Pauli, is a German sports club based in the St. Pauli quarter of Hamburg. The football department is part of a larger club that also has Rugby, baseball, bowling, boxing, chess, cycling, handball, skittles, softball and table tennis teams. Until end of 2013 there was also an American Football section, but they´d resign because of the lack of a required youth and resign of section-board.\nIn 2003-04 they dropped down to the Regionalliga, at that time the third football division in Germany and remained there for four years. In 2007, St. Pauli were promoted back to the 2. Bundesliga and in 2010, FC St. Pauli was promoted into the Bundesliga. For the 2013–14 season they are again playing in 2. Bundesliga which is the second highest division in Germany.\nFC St. Pauli has a rivalry with Hamburg. While the footballers have enjoyed only modest success on the field, the club is widely recognised for its unique culture and has a large popular following as one of the country's \"Kult\" clubs. FC St. Pauli supporters are highly identified with left-wing politics and have a long-standing friendship with the supporters of Celtic Football Club from Scotland.
/m/04_sqm	Traditional heavy metal, also known as classic metal or simply heavy metal, is the seminal genre of heavy metal music before the genre \"evolved and splintered into many different styles and subgenres.\"
/m/0b_77q	The 2003 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament involved 65 schools playing in single-elimination play to determine the national champion of men's NCAA Division I college basketball. It began on March 18, 2003, and ended with the championship game on April 7 in New Orleans, Louisiana at the Superdome. A total of 64 games were played.\nThe Final Four consisted of Kansas, making their second straight appearance, Marquette, making their first appearance since they won the national championship in 1977, Syracuse, making their first appearance since 1996, and Texas, making their first appearance since 1947. Texas was the only top seed to advance to the Final Four; the other three advanced as far as the Elite Eight but fell.\nSyracuse won their first national championship in three tries under Jim Boeheim, defeating Kansas 81-78 in what would be Roy Williams' final game as head coach of the team; he would depart to become the head coach at North Carolina, a position he still holds as of the 2013-2014 season.\nCarmelo Anthony of Syracuse was named the tournament's Most Outstanding Player.\nSyracuse beat four Big 12 teams on its way to the title: Oklahoma State, Oklahoma, Texas, and Kansas. Those victories helped earn Boeheim the national title that had eluded him in 1987 and 1996.
/m/01pbs9w	Bernard Alfred \"Jack\" Nitzsche was an arranger, producer, songwriter, and film score composer. He first came to prominence in the late 1950s as the right-hand-man of producer Phil Spector, and went on to work with the Rolling Stones, Neil Young and others. He also worked extensively in film scores, winning a song of the year Oscar in 1983 for co-writing \"Up Where We Belong\"
/m/051pnv	Aspyr Media, Inc. is an Austin, Texas-based company that specializes in porting Windows games to Mac OS. Games ported include franchises such as Call of Duty, Sid Meier’s Civilization, Star Wars, and DOOM. Aspyr has been in business since 1996, and as of 2003 owned 60 percent of the Mac entertainment market.\nIn recent years, it began porting console games to Windows and Game Boy Advance and publishing games, such as Wideload's Stubbs the Zombie in \"Rebel Without a Pulse\", for Mac OS, Windows, and the Xbox. In addition, Aspyr has produced and distributed several albums and documentaries.
/m/01y9r2	Road to Perdition is a 2002 American crime film directed by Sam Mendes. The screenplay was adapted by David Self, from the graphic novel of the same name by Max Allan Collins. The film stars Tom Hanks, Paul Newman, Jude Law, and Daniel Craig. The plot takes place in 1931, during the Great Depression, following a mob enforcer and his son as they seek vengeance against a mobster who murdered the rest of their family.\nFilming took place in the Chicago area. Mendes, having recently finished 1999's acclaimed American Beauty, pursued a story that had minimal dialogue and conveyed emotion in the imagery. Cinematographer Conrad Hall took advantage of the environment to create symbolism for the film, for which he won several awards, including a posthumous Academy Award for Best Cinematography. The film explores several themes, including the consequence of violence and father-son relationships.\nThe film was released on July 12, 2002, and eventually grossed over $180 million worldwide. The cinematography, setting, and the lead performances by Newman and Hanks were well received by critics. A home media release debuted on February 25, 2003.
/m/04q01mn	Gran Torino is a 2008 American drama film directed by, produced by, and starring Clint Eastwood. It also stars Bee Vang and Ahney Her. The film marked Eastwood's return to a lead acting role after four years. The film features a large Hmong American cast, as well as one of Eastwood's younger sons, Scott Eastwood. Eastwood's oldest son, Kyle Eastwood, provided the score. Gran Torino opened to theaters in a limited release in North America on December 12, 2008, and later to a worldwide release on January 9, 2009. Set in Detroit, Michigan, it is the first mainstream U.S. film to feature Hmong Americans. Many Lao Hmong war refugees resettled in the U.S. following the communist takeover of Laos in 1975.\nThe story follows Walt Kowalski, a recently widowed Korean War veteran alienated from his family and angry at the world. Walt's young neighbor, Thao Vang Lor, is pressured by his cousin into stealing Walt's prized 1972 Ford Torino for his initiation into a gang. Walt thwarts the theft and subsequently develops a relationship with the boy and his family.\nGran Torino was a critical and commercial success, grossing nearly $270 million worldwide. Within the Hmong community in the United States, the film received both praise and criticism.
/m/01bj6y	Joanne Gignilliat Trimmier Woodward is an American actress and producer. She is perhaps best known for her Academy Award-winning role in The Three Faces of Eve.
/m/09k23	Manchester Metropolitan University is a British university located in North West England. Its headquarters and central campus are in the city of Manchester, and there are additional facilities in the county of Cheshire. The university has its roots in the Manchester Mechanics' Institution and the Manchester School of Design. It is the fifth largest university in the United Kingdom in terms of student numbers.\nTeaching quality inspections place the university within the top twenty in the UK, according to The Complete University Guide. Teaching standards have also been described as 'among the highest in the country' by the Quality Assurance Agency. The university is ranked fourth of the new universities in attracting research funds from the Higher Education Funding Council for England.\nThe university is an accredited member of the Association of MBAs, a member of the University Alliance, the Association of Commonwealth Universities, the North West Universities Association and the European University Association. The university is home to the Manchester School of Art, the Manchester School of Theatre and, in conjunction with the University of Manchester, the Manchester School of Architecture.
/m/016fnb	Gwen Renée Stefani is an American singer-songwriter, fashion designer, and actress. She is the co-founder of and lead vocalist for the rock band No Doubt. Stefani recorded Love. Angel. Music. Baby., her first solo album, in 2004. Inspired by music of the 1980s, the album was a success with sales of over seven million copies. The album's third single, \"Hollaback Girl\", was the first US digital download to sell one million copies. Stefani's second solo studio album, The Sweet Escape, yielded \"Wind It Up\", \"4 in the Morning\", and the highest-selling single, the album's title track, \"The Sweet Escape\". Including her work with No Doubt, Stefani has sold more than thirty million albums worldwide.\nShe won the World's Best-Selling New Female Artist at the World Music Awards 2005. In 2003, she debuted her clothing line L.A.M.B. and expanded her collection with the 2005 Harajuku Lovers line, drawing inspiration from Japanese culture and fashion. Stefani performs and makes public appearances with four back-up dancers known as the Harajuku Girls. She married British musician Gavin Rossdale in 2002 and they have three sons: Kingston James McGregor Rossdale, born May 26, 2006, Zuma Nesta Rock Rossdale, born August 21, 2008, and Apollo Bowie Flynn Rossdale, born February 28, 2014. Billboard magazine ranked Stefani the fifty-fourth most successful artist and thirty-seventh most successful Hot 100 artist of the 2000–09 decade.
/m/0qmfz	Atlantic City is a 1980 French-Canadian romantic crime film directed by Louis Malle. Filmed in late 1979, it was released in France and Germany in 1980 and in the United States in 1981. The script was written by John Guare. It stars Burt Lancaster, Susan Sarandon, Kate Reid, Robert Joy, Hollis McLaren, Michel Piccoli, and Al Waxman.\nAtlantic City is among the 41 films to be nominated for all \"Big Five\" Academy Awards, including Best Picture, Best Director, Best Actor, Best Actress and Best Screenplay, and one of only six amidst this group to not take home a single award. It lost the Best Picture and Best Original Screenplay to Chariots of Fire, Best Director to Reds, and Burt Lancaster and Susan Sarandon, who were nominated for Best Actor and Best Actress, lost to Henry Fonda and Katharine Hepburn in On Golden Pond.
/m/018s4	BSD licenses are a family of permissive free software licenses, imposing minimal restrictions on the redistribution of covered software. This is in contrast to copyleft licenses, which have reciprocity share-alike requirements. The original BSD license was used for its namesake, the Berkeley Software Distribution, a Unix-like operating system. The original version has since been revised and its descendants are more properly termed modified BSD licenses.\nTwo variants of the license, the New BSD License/Modified BSD License, and the Simplified BSD License/FreeBSD License have been verified as GPL-compatible free software licenses by the Free Software Foundation, and have been vetted as open source licenses by the Open Source Initiative, while the original, 4-clause license has not been accepted as an open source license and, although the original is considered to be a free software license by the FSF, the FSF does not consider it to be compatible with the GPL due to the advertising clause.
/m/01wy5m	Christian Charles Philip Bale is an English actor. He has starred in both blockbuster films and smaller projects from independent producers and art houses.\nBale first caught the public eye at the age of 13, when he was cast in the starring role of Steven Spielberg's Empire of the Sun. Based on the original story by J. G. Ballard, Bale played an English boy who is separated from his parents and subsequently finds himself lost in a Japanese internment camp during World War II. In 2000, he garnered critical acclaim for his portrayal of serial killer Patrick Bateman in American Psycho. He earned a reputation as a method actor after he lost 63 pounds to play the role of Trevor Reznik in The Machinist.\nBale went on to receive greater commercial recognition and acclaim for his performance as Bruce Wayne / Batman in Christopher Nolan's Batman Begins, The Dark Knight and The Dark Knight Rises. He also portrayed Dicky Eklund in the biopic The Fighter, for which he received critical acclaim and won several awards, including the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor, the Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor and the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Supporting Role. In 2013, he starred in the comedy-drama American Hustle, for which he received his second Academy Award nomination, his first in the Best Actor category, in addition to a nomination for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy.
/m/0p7tb	Mount Holyoke College is a selective liberal arts college for women in South Hadley, Massachusetts, United States. It was the first member of the Seven Sisters colleges, and served as a model for some of the others. Mount Holyoke is part of the Pioneer Valley's Five College Consortium, along with Amherst College, Smith College, Hampshire College, and the University of Massachusetts Amherst.\nThe school was originally founded in 1837 by Mary Lyon as Mount Holyoke Female Seminary. It received its collegiate charter in 1888 as Mount Holyoke Seminary and College and became Mount Holyoke College in 1893. Mount Holyoke's chapter of Phi Beta Kappa was established in 1905.\nMount Holyoke's buildings were designed between 1896 and 1960. It has a Donald Ross-designed 18-hole golf course, The Orchards, which served as host to the U.S. Women's Open in 2004. U.S. News & World Report lists Mount Holyoke as the 38th best liberal arts college in the United States in its 2013 rankings. Mount Holyoke was also ranked #1 in the nation for Best Classroom Experience in the Princeton Review 2010–2011 rankings. In 2011–2012, Mount Holyoke is one of the nation's top producers of Fulbright Scholars, ranking fourth among bachelor's institutions according to the Chronicle of Higher Education.
/m/03gr14	Cruz Azul Futbol Club, A.C, known simply as Cruz Azul, is a Mexican professional football club based in Mexico City, Mexico; after which initially was based in Ciudad Cooperativa Cruz Azul in the Mexican state of Hidalgo. Cruz Azul plays in the Mexican Primera División and its home venue is the Estadio Azul, located in the southwestern part of Mexico City in the Colonia Ciudad de los Deportes, next to the Nápoles neighborhood. The team moved there in 1996, after playing for many seasons at the Estadio Azteca. Its headquarters are in La Noria, a suburb located in the southern part of Mexico City in Xochimilco.\nThey have been the Primera División champions 8 times and trail only Toluca with 10, Club América with 11, and Guadalajara with 11. Cruz Azul was also the first Mexican or CONCACAF team to reach the final of the Copa Libertadores when they lost on penalties to Argentine football giants Boca Juniors. Currently the clubs jerseys and sportswear, are being provided by the traditional English trademark Umbro. Cruz Azul is ranked 92nd in the IFFHS rankings of January 8 and is the 3rd top ranked team among CONCACAF and Mexico.\nIt is the top winner of the CONCACAF Champions League, along with Club América, with five titles and is according to several polls published, the third most popular team in Mexico.
/m/0cc56	Manhattan is the most densely populated of the five boroughs of New York City. The borough is coterminous with New York County, an original county of the U.S. state of New York. The borough mostly consists of Manhattan Island, bounded by the East, Hudson and Harlem Rivers, but also includes several small adjacent islands and a small area on the mainland. Manhattan has been described as the economic and cultural center of the United States and is home to the United Nations Headquarters. Wall Street in Lower Manhattan is one of the financial capitals of the world, has an estimated GDP of over $1.2 trillion, and is home of both the New York Stock Exchange and NASDAQ. Manhattan's real estate market is among the most expensive in the world, and many multinational media conglomerates are based in the borough.\nNew York County is the most densely populated county in the United States, more dense than any individual American city. It is one of the most densely populated areas in the world, with a 2010 population of 1,585,873 living in a land area of 22.96 square miles, or about 69,071 residents per square mile. On business days, the influx of commuters increases that number to over 3.9 Million, or around 170,000 people per square mile. It is also one of the wealthiest counties in the United States, with a 2005 per capita income above $100,000. Manhattan is the third-largest of New York's five boroughs in population, after Brooklyn and Queens, and it is the smallest borough in land area.
/m/01xpxv	Noriyuki \"Pat\" Morita was an American film and television actor who was well known for playing the roles of Matsuo \"Arnold\" Takahashi on Happy Days and Kesuke Miyagi in the The Karate Kid movie series, for which he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor in 1984.\nPat was the lead actor in the television program Mr. T and Tina, regarded as the first American sitcom centered on a person of Asian descent, and Ohara, a police-themed drama. Both television shows were aired on ABC, but they were both short-lived and to this day go mostly unremembered.
/m/0cf08	Rocky is a 1976 American sports film directed by John G. Avildsen and both written by and starring Sylvester Stallone. It tells the rags to riches American Dream story of Rocky Balboa, an uneducated but kind-hearted debt collector for a loan shark in the city of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Rocky starts out as a club fighter who later gets a shot at the world heavyweight championship. It also stars Talia Shire as Adrian, Burt Young as Adrian's brother Paulie, Burgess Meredith as Rocky's trainer Mickey Goldmill, and Carl Weathers as the champion, Apollo Creed.\nThe film, made on a budget of just over $1 million and shot in 28 days, was a sleeper hit; it earned $225 million in global box office receipts becoming the highest grossing film of 1976 and went on to win three Oscars, including Best Picture. The film received many positive reviews and turned Stallone into a major star. It spawned five sequels: Rocky II, III, IV, V and Rocky Balboa, all written by and starring Stallone, who also directed all sequels except for Rocky V.
/m/02rtqvb	Twelfth Night or What You Will is a 1996 British film adaptation of William Shakespeare's play, directed by Trevor Nunn and featuring an all-star cast. The adaptation is given a northern Central European feel, set in the late 19th century, with Orsino and his followers shown wearing Czapka headgear, often associated with Prussian or Polish army officers of the time. It was filmed on location in Cornwall including scenes shot at Padstow and Lanhydrock House, Bodmin.
/m/0306bt	Camryn Manheim is an American actress known primarily for her roles as attorney Ellenor Frutt on ABC's The Practice, Delia Banks on CBS's Ghost Whisperer and as Elvis's mother, Gladys Presley in the 2005 mini-series Elvis.
/m/04t2l2	Steven John \"Steve\" Carell is an American actor, comedian, director, producer, writer, and voice artist. After a five-year stint on The Daily Show with Jon Stewart, Carell found greater fame in the late 2000s for playing Michael Scott on the American version of The Office. He has also starred in lead roles in the films The 40-Year-Old Virgin, Little Miss Sunshine, Evan Almighty, Dan in Real Life, Get Smart, Date Night, Dinner for Schmucks, Crazy, Stupid, Love., Seeking a Friend for the End of the World, and The Way Way Back, and voiced characters in the animated films Over the Hedge, Horton Hears a Who!, Despicable Me and Despicable Me 2. Carell was nominated as \"America's funniest man\" in Life magazine, and received a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a Television Comedy Series for his work on The Office.
/m/01nfys	Stephen John \"Steve\" Coogan is an English actor, stand-up comedian, impressionist, writer and producer. He began his career in the 1980s, working as a voice artist on the satirical puppet show Spitting Image. In the early 1990s, he began creating original comic characters; this led him to win the Perrier Award at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe. In 1999, he co-founded the production company Baby Cow Productions.\nWhile working with Armando Iannucci on The Day Today and On the Hour, Coogan created his most developed and popular character, Alan Partridge, a socially awkward and politically incorrect regional media personality. He featured in several television series, which earned Coogan three BAFTA nominations and two wins for Best Comedy Performance. A feature-length film, Alan Partridge: Alpha Papa, was released in 2013, and opened at number one at the British box office.\nCoogan grew in prominence within the film industry in 2002, after starring in The Parole Officer and 24 Hour Party People. He portrayed Phileas Fogg in the 2004 remake Around the World in 80 Days, and has co-starred in The Other Guys, Tropic Thunder, In the Loop, Hamlet 2, Our Idiot Brother, Ruby Sparks and Night at the Museum, as well as collaborating with Rob Brydon in The Trip and Tristram Shandy: A Cock and Bull Story. He was also a principal voice actor in the computer animated comedy Despicable Me 2.
/m/01s7w3	Twister is a 1996 American disaster drama film starring Helen Hunt and Bill Paxton as storm chasers researching tornadoes. It was directed by Jan de Bont from a screenplay by Michael Crichton and Anne-Marie Martin. Its executive producers were Steven Spielberg, Walter Parkes, Laurie MacDonald and Gerald R. Molen. Twister was the second-highest-grossing film of 1996 domestically, with an estimated 55 million tickets sold in the US.\nIt is notable for being both the first Hollywood feature film to be released on DVD format and one of the last to be released on HD DVD. Twister has since been released on Blu-ray Disc.\nIn the film, a team of storm chasers try to perfect a data-gathering instrument, designed to be released into the funnel of a tornado, while competing with another better-funded team with a similar device during a tornado outbreak across Oklahoma. The plot is a dramatized view of research projects like VORTEX of the NOAA. The device used in the movie, called \"Dorothy\", is copied from the real-life TOTO, used in the 1980s by NSSL.
/m/02zyy4	Michael Søren Madsen is an American actor, poet and photographer. He has appeared in more than 150 films, most of them small independent films, though he has starred in central roles in such films as Reservoir Dogs, Free Willy, Piranhaconda, Donnie Brasco and Kill Bill, in addition to a supporting role in Sin City. Madsen is also credited with voice work in several video games, including Grand Theft Auto III, True Crime: Streets of L.A., DRIV3R, Dishonored and Call of Duty: Black Ops 2. In January 2012, Madsen was a housemate in the British reality show Celebrity Big Brother 9.
/m/02xh1	Film noir is a cinematic term used primarily to describe stylish Hollywood crime dramas, particularly those that emphasize cynical attitudes and sexual motivations. Hollywood's classical film noir period is generally regarded as extending from the early 1940s to the late 1950s. Film noir of this era is associated with a low-key black-and-white visual style that has roots in German Expressionist cinematography. Many of the prototypical stories and much of the attitude of classic noir derive from the hardboiled school of crime fiction that emerged in the United States during the Great Depression.\nThe term film noir, French for \"black film\", first applied to Hollywood films by French critic Nino Frank in 1946, was unrecognized by most American film industry professionals of that era. Cinema historians and critics defined the category retrospectively. Before the notion was widely adopted in the 1970s, many of the classic films noirs were referred to as melodramas. Whether film noir qualifies as a distinct genre is a matter of ongoing debate among scholars.\nFilm noir encompasses a range of plots: the central figure may be a private eye, a plainclothes policeman, an aging boxer, a hapless grifter, a law-abiding citizen lured into a life of crime, or simply a victim of circumstance. Although film noir was originally associated with American productions, films now so described have been made around the world. Many pictures released from the 1960s onward share attributes with film noir of the classical period, and often treat its conventions self-referentially. Some refer to such latter-day works as neo-noir. The clichés of film noir have inspired parody since the mid-1940s.
/m/03cwqpm	Seattle Sounders FC is an American professional soccer club based in Seattle, Washington that competes in Major League Soccer. Sounders FC was established on November 13, 2007, as an MLS expansion team, making it the 15th team in the league. Fans chose the Sounders name through an online poll in 2008, making the Seattle Sounders FC the third Seattle soccer club to share the moniker.\nThe club's majority owner is Hollywood producer Joe Roth, and its minority owners are Adrian Hanauer, Paul Allen and Drew Carey. Two-time MLS Cup winner Sigi Schmid is the club's head coach. Sounders FC home matches are played at CenturyLink Field. Along with several organized groups, a 53-member marching band called 'Sound Wave' supports the club at each home match. Seattle competes with rival MLS clubs Portland and Vancouver in the Cascadia Cup.\nSounders FC played its inaugural match on March 19, 2009, winning 3–0 over the New York Red Bulls. Seattle has set MLS records for average attendance, led the league in season ticket sales, and qualified for the MLS Cup Playoffs in each of its first four seasons. Sounders FC has led MLS attendance since their inaugural season, consistently drawing an average of 50-65% more than the next highest-drawing team in the league, LA Galaxy. The club's announced attendance average was 43,144 in 2012.
/m/025tlyv	Universal Studios Home Entertainment is the home video distribution division of Universal Pictures. The company is owned by NBCUniversal, the entertainment division of Comcast.\nThe company was founded in 1978 as MCA DiscoVision with the Beta and VHS label MCA Videocassette, Inc. in 1980, with the release of films on Beta and VHS, including Jaws, Jaws 2, and 1941. In late 1983, both the Laserdisc sister label MCA Videodisc and the VHS/Beta label MCA Videocassette were consolidated into a single entity, MCA Home Video, alternating with the MCA Videocassette name until December 1983. In 1990, with the 75th anniversary of Universal Studios, it became MCA/Universal Home Video, alternating with the MCA Home Video name from 1990 until 1997. The company later went by various company names, including Universal Studios Home Video, and Universal Studios Home Entertainment.\nIn 1980, they released two '50s 3-D motion pictures, Creature From the Black Lagoon and It Came From Outer Space, in anaglyphic format on Beta and VHS.\nThis company was the video distributor for DreamWorks titles until DreamWorks was sold to Paramount Pictures' parent company, Viacom, in 2006, at which point Paramount took over distribution. After Viacom spun off DreamWorks in 2008, Universal Studios Home Entertainment was planned to resume distributing DreamWorks' movies, but this deal fell through.
/m/09cr8	Traffic is a 2000 American crime drama film directed by Steven Soderbergh and written by Stephen Gaghan. It explores the illegal drug trade from a number of perspectives: a user, an enforcer, a politician and a trafficker. Their stories are edited together throughout the film, although some of the characters do not meet each other. The film is an adaptation of the British Channel 4 television series Traffik.\n20th Century Fox, the original financiers of the film, demanded Harrison Ford play a leading role and that significant changes to the screenplay be made. Soderbergh refused and proposed the script to other major Hollywood studios, but it was rejected because of the three-hour running time and the subject matter. USA Films, however, liked the project from the start and offered the film-makers more money than Fox. Soderbergh operated the camera himself and adopted a distinctive cinematography tint for each story so that audiences could tell them apart.\nTraffic was critically acclaimed and earned numerous awards, including four Oscars: Best Director for Steven Soderbergh, Best Supporting Actor for Benicio Del Toro, Best Adapted Screenplay for Stephen Gaghan and Best Film Editing for Stephen Mirrione. It was also a commercial success with a worldwide box-office revenue total of $207.5 million, well above its estimated $46 million budget.
/m/01mw1	A video game is an electronic game that involves human interaction with a user interface to generate visual feedback on a video device. The word video in video game traditionally referred to a raster display device, but it now implies any type of display device that can produce two- or three-dimensional images. The electronic systems used to play video games are known as platforms; examples of these are personal computers and video game consoles. These platforms range from large mainframe computers to small handheld devices. Specialized video games such as arcade games, while previously common, have gradually declined in use. Video games have gone on to become an art form and industry.\nThe input device primarily used to manipulate video games is called a game controller, and varies across platforms. For example, a controller might consist of only a button and a joystick, while another may feature a dozen buttons and one or more joysticks. Early personal computer games often needed a keyboard for gameplay, or more commonly, required the user to buy a separate joystick with at least one button. Many modern computer games allow or require the player to use a keyboard and a mouse simultaneously. A few of the most common game controllers are gamepads, mouses, keyboards, and joysticks. In recent years, additional methods of input have emerged such as camera-based player observation for video game consoles and touch-sensitive screens on mobile devices.
/m/0cy__l	Mildred Pierce is a 1945 American drama film directed by Michael Curtiz and starring Joan Crawford, Jack Carson and Zachary Scott and featuring Eve Arden, Ann Blyth and Bruce Bennett, in a film noir about a long-suffering mother and her ungrateful daughter. The screenplay by Ranald MacDougall and the uncredited William Faulkner and Catherine Turney, is based upon the 1941 novel Mildred Pierce by James M. Cain. The film was produced by Jerry Wald, with studio head Jack L. Warner as executive producer.\nMildred Pierce was Crawford's first starring film for Warner Bros. after leaving MGM, and won her the Academy Award for Best Actress.
/m/0n2sh	Butler County is a county located in the state of Ohio, United States. According to the 2010 census, it has a population of 368,130, which is an increase of 10.6% from 332,807 in 2000. Its county seat is Hamilton. It is named for General Richard Butler, who died in 1791 fighting Indians in northern Ohio. Butler's army marched out of Fort Hamilton, where the city of Hamilton now stands. It is also home to Miami University, an Ohio public university.\nButler County is part of the Cincinnati–Middletown, OH-KY-IN Metropolitan Statistical Area.
/m/02m92h	Robert John \"Bob\" Odenkirk is an American actor, comedian, writer, director and producer. He is best known for being the co-creator and co-star of the HBO sketch comedy series Mr. Show with Bob and David and for his role as Walter White's sleazy lawyer, Saul Goodman on AMC's Breaking Bad and its spin-off series Better Call Saul.\nIn the 1980s and 1990s, he worked as a writer for such television shows as Saturday Night Live, Get A Life, The Ben Stiller Show, and The Dennis Miller Show. In the mid-1990s, Odenkirk and David Cross created the Emmy-winning sketch comedy program Mr. Show with Bob and David, which ran for four seasons and ultimately became a cult success. In the early 2000s, Odenkirk discovered Tim Heidecker and Eric Wareheim and produced their television series Tom Goes to the Mayor and Tim and Eric Awesome Show, Great Job!. He has directed three films: Melvin Goes to Dinner, Let's Go to Prison, and The Brothers Solomon.
/m/0l2tk	Brigham Young University is a private university located in Provo, Utah, United States. It is owned and operated by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, and, excluding online students, is the largest religious university and one of the largest private universities in the U.S., with 34,000 on-campus students.\nApproximately 98% of the university's 34,000 students are members of the LDS Church, and one-third of its American students come from within the state of Utah. BYU students are required to follow an honor code, which mandates behavior in line with LDS teachings. Many students take a two-year hiatus from their studies at some point to serve as Mormon missionaries. Many BYU students speak foreign languages during their Mormon missions, and approximately 31% of the student body enroll in foreign language courses, making it one of the most multilingual student bodies in the United States. A BYU education is also less expensive than at similar private universities, since \"a significant portion\" of the cost of operating the university is paid from tithing funds.
/m/03z_g7	Vishwanath \"Nana\" Patekar is an award-winning Indian actor, writer and filmmaker.
/m/0168cl	James William \"Jimmy\" Buffett is an American singer–songwriter, author, actor, and businessman. He is best known for his music, which often portrays an \"island escapism\" lifestyle, and the often humorous things he has experienced throughout his life. Together with his Coral Reefer Band, Buffett has recorded hit songs including \"Margaritaville\" and \"Come Monday\". He has a devoted base of fans known as \"Parrotheads\".\nAside from his career in music, Buffett is also a best-selling writer and is involved in two restaurant chains named after two of his best known songs, \"Cheeseburger in Paradise\" and \"Margaritaville\". He owns the Margaritaville Cafe restaurant chain and co-developed the Cheeseburger in Paradise restaurant concept with OSI Restaurant Partners, which operates the chain under a licensing agreement with Buffett.
/m/0bmhvpr	The Descendants is a 2011 comedy-drama film written by Alexander Payne, Nat Faxon, Jim Rash and directed by  Alexander Payne.
/m/0b13g7	Tim Bevan, CBE is a film producer.
/m/02dsz1	Lounge music is a type of easy listening music popular in the 1950s and 1960s. It is meant to evoke in the listeners the feeling of being in a place—a jungle, an island paradise, outer space, et cetera—other than where they are listening to it. The range of lounge music encompasses beautiful music-influenced instrumentals, modern electronica, while remaining thematically focused on its retro-space-age cultural elements. The earliest type lounge music appeared during the 1920s and 1930s, and was known as light music. Contemporaneously, the term lounge music also denotes the types of music played in hotels, casinos, and piano bars.
/m/0gkydb	Robert Scott Adsit is an American actor, writer and improvisational comedian. He is known for co-starring as Pete Hornberger in the NBC comedy 30 Rock and in the Adult Swim stop-motion animation programs Moral Orel and Mary Shelley's Frankenhole.
/m/05mc7y	Edward \"Eddie\" Selzer was an American film producer, most noted as the producer of Warner Bros. Cartoons from 1944 to 1957.\nAfter the studio was purchased from Leon Schlesinger in 1944, Selzer was assigned studio head by Jack Warner. Unlike his predecessor, he did not take any on-screen credit as producer. Much of what is known about Selzer's personality and business acumen is from Chuck Jones' autobiography, Chuck Amuck: The Life and Times of an Animated Cartoonist. In it, Jones paints Selzer as an interfering bore with no sentiment or appreciation towards animated cartoons.\nSome historians also claim that Friz Freleng nearly resigned after butting heads with Selzer, who did not think that pairing Sylvester the cat and Tweety was a viable decision. The argument reached its crux when Freleng reportedly placed his drawing pencil on Selzer's desk, furiously telling Selzer that if he knew so much about animation, he should do the work instead. Selzer backed off the issue and apologized to Freleng that evening, a wise decision on two fronts: Warner Bros. did not lose the talents of Freleng to a competing studio, and Tweetie Pie, the very cartoon that first paired Sylvester and Tweety together, went on to win Warner Brothers' first Academy Award for Animated Short Film, in 1947, with Tweety and Sylvester proving to be among the most endearing duos in Warner Bros. cartoons.
/m/01v27pl	SM Town is the project name used by South Korean music label S.M. Entertainment for their vacation compilation albums. SM Town consists of current recording artists under the company. Each year the company organizes their artists to come together and perform on a five-hour long concert that tours around Asia.\nAs of 2013, videos uploaded by SMTOWN on its official YouTube channel, and its former channel have been viewed over 2 billion times.
/m/049l7	Kenneth \"Ken\" Loach is an English film and television director.\nHe is known for his naturalistic, social realist directing style and for his socialist attitude, which are evident in his film treatment of social issues such as homelessness and labour rights.
/m/0900j5	The Texas Chainsaw Massacre is a 2003 American slasher film, and a remake of the 1974 horror film of the same name. The 2003 film, also serving as a reboot of the Texas Chainsaw Massacre franchise, was directed by Marcus Nispel and produced by Michael Bay. It was also co-produced by Kim Henkel and Tobe Hooper, co-creators of the original 1974 film.\nThis film is the first of many horror remakes to come from Michael Bay's Platinum Dunes production company which also remade The Amityville Horror, The Hitcher, Friday the 13th, and A Nightmare on Elm Street. The film is considered to be a reboot of the franchise. Though met with negative reception from critics, the film was well received by fans, and grossed $107 million worldwide above its $9.5 million budget, making it a strong financial success. A sequel was planned, but was later made into a prequel, The Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Beginning. The prequel was released in 2006 to negative reviews from critics.
/m/03zv9	Serie A, also called Serie A TIM due to sponsorship by Telecom Italia, is a professional league competition for football clubs located at the top of the Italian football league system and has been operating for over eighty years since the 1929–30 season. It had been organized by Lega Calcio until 2010, but a new league, the Lega Serie A, was created for the 2010–11 season. Serie A is regarded as one of the best football leagues in the world. Serie A was considered the best league in the world in the '90s, up until mid-2000. Serie A has produced the highest number of European Cup finalists: Italian clubs have reached the final of the competition on a record twenty-six different occasions, winning the title twelve times. Serie A is ranked 4th among European leagues according to UEFA's league coefficient behind the Spanish La Liga, English Premier League, and German Bundesliga, which is based on the performance of Italian clubs in the Champions League and the Europa League. It also ranked 5th in world according to the first trends of the 2011 IFFHS rating.\nIn its current format, the Italian Football Championship was revised from having regional and interregional rounds, to a single-tier league from the 1929–30 season onwards. The championship titles won before 1929 are officially recognised by FIGC as a championship in the same way the ones since then are. The 1945–46 season, when the league was played over two geographical groups due to the ravages of WWII, is not statistically considered, even if its title is fully official.
/m/05ys0xf	The 39th annual Berlin International Film Festival was held from February 10 to 21, 1989.
/m/05pxnmb	Imagine That is a 2009 summer release directed by Karey Kirkpatrick, starring Eddie Murphy and Yara Shahidi.
/m/087_xx	Hapoel Haifa Football Club is an Israeli football club located in Haifa. The club won one championship and 3 Israeli cups. The Team is also known as \"The Sharks\". The club's home since the early 1990s is the Kiryat Eliezer Stadium in Haifa, in which they have played since their departure from Kiryat Haim Stadium, their original home stadium since the 1950s. The colours of the team's home kit are red throughout. The away colours are white shirts, and black shorts and socks.
/m/09hnb	Herbert Jeffrey \"Herbie\" Hancock is an American pianist, keyboardist, bandleader and composer. As part of Miles Davis's Second Great Quintet, Hancock helped to redefine the role of a jazz rhythm section and was one of the primary architects of the \"post-bop\" sound. He was one of the first jazz musicians to embrace music synthesizers and funk music. Hancock's music is often melodic and accessible; he has had many songs \"cross over\" and achieved success among pop audiences. His music embraces elements of funk and soul while adopting freer stylistic elements from jazz. In his jazz improvisation, he possesses a unique creative blend of jazz, blues, and modern classical music, with harmonic stylings much like the styles of Claude Debussy and Maurice Ravel.\nHancock's best-known solo works include \"Cantaloupe Island\", \"Watermelon Man\", \"Maiden Voyage\", \"Chameleon\", and the singles \"I Thought It Was You\" and \"Rockit\". His 2007 tribute album River: The Joni Letters won the 2008 Grammy Award for Album of the Year, only the second jazz album ever to win the award, after Getz/Gilberto in 1965.
/m/0l14_3	Bowed string instruments are a subcategory of string instruments that are played by a bow rubbing the strings. The bow rubbing the string causes vibration which the instrument emits as sound.
/m/02s2wq	Robert Kelly \"Rob\" Thomas is an American rock recording artist and songwriter. He is the primary songwriter and lead singer of the band Matchbox Twenty. Thomas also records and performs as a solo artist. Thomas earned three Grammy awards for co-writing and singing on the Carlos Santana triple-platinum hit \"Smooth\", on the album Supernatural in 1999.\nHe has also lent his songwriting talents to such artists as Tom Petty, Willie Nelson, Mick Jagger, Marc Anthony, Pat Green, Taylor Hicks, Travis Tritt and Daughtry.\nSince 1995, his band has released a string of hit singles to radio including \"Push\", \"3 A.M.\", \"Real World\", \"Back 2 Good\", \"Bent\", \"If You're Gone\", \"Mad Season\", \"Disease\", \"Unwell\", \"Bright Lights\", \"How Far We've Come\", and \"She's So Mean\". In 2004, the Songwriters Hall of Fame awarded Thomas its first Starlight Award, recognizing young songwriters who have already had a lasting influence in the music industry.
/m/04306rv	German is spoken natively by approximately 100 million people, making it one of the world's major languages. It is also the most widely spoken first language in the European Union. With the inclusion of the second-language speakers, the number of German speakers is about 200 million.\nGerman is a West Germanic language and derives most of its vocabulary from the Germanic branch of the Indo-European language family. A number of words are derived from Latin and Greek, and fewer from French and English. Widely spoken languages which are most similar to German include Luxembourgish, Dutch, the Frisian languages and English.\nIt is written using the Latin alphabet. In addition to the 26 standard letters, German has three vowels with umlauts and the letter ß.\nGerman is a pluricentric language, with multiple countries having their own standardised variants. There is also one variant referred to as Standard German.\nGerman is the only official language of Germany, Austria and Liechtenstein, one of the official languages of Switzerland, Luxembourg and Belgium and a recognised minor language in many countries such as Italy, Slovenia, Hungary, Namibia and Poland.
/m/0nj3m	Saginaw County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2010 census, the population was 200,169. The county seat is Saginaw. The county was created by September 10, 1822, and was fully organized on February 9, 1835. Another source opines that: \"There are two possible derivations: from 'Sace-nong' or 'Sak-e-nong' because the Sauk once lived there, or from Chippewa words meaning 'place of the outlet' from 'sag' and 'ong'.\" See List of Michigan county name etymologies.
/m/01b66t	As the World Turns is an American television soap opera that aired on CBS from April 2, 1956 to September 17, 2010. Irna Phillips created As the World Turns as a sister show to her other soap opera The Guiding Light. Running for 54 years, As the World Turns holds the second-longest continuous run of any daytime network soap opera in American history, surpassed only by Guiding Light. As the World Turns was produced in New York City for all of its time.\nSet in the fictional town of Oakdale, Illinois, the show debuted on April 2, 1956, at 1:30 pm EST. Prior to that date, all serials had been fifteen minutes in length. As the World Turns and The Edge of Night, which premiered on the same day at 4:30 pm EST, were the first two to be thirty minutes in length from their premiere. At first, viewers did not respond to the new half-hour serial, but ratings picked up in its second year, eventually reaching the top spot in the daytime Nielsen ratings by fall 1958. In 1959, the show started a streak of weekly ratings wins that would not be interrupted for over twelve years. The show switched to color on August 21, 1967, and expanded from a half-hour in length to one hour starting on December 1, 1975 when The Edge of Night moved to ABC. In the year-to-date ratings, As the World Turns was the most-watched daytime drama from 1958 until 1978, with ten million viewers tuning in each day. At its height, core actors such as Helen Wagner, Don MacLaughlin, Don Hastings, and Eileen Fulton became nationally known. Three of these actors – Wagner, Hastings, and Fulton – are also the three longest serving actors in the history of American soap operas.
/m/0j43swk	Zero Dark Thirty is a 2012 American action thriller war film directed by Kathryn Bigelow and written by Mark Boal. Billed as \"the story of history's greatest manhunt for the world's most dangerous man\", the film dramatizes the decade-long manhunt for al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden after the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks in the United States. This search eventually leads to the discovery of his compound in Pakistan, and the military raid on it that resulted in his death on May 2, 2011.\nThe film stars Jessica Chastain, Jason Clarke, Joel Edgerton, Jennifer Ehle, Mark Strong, Kyle Chandler, Édgar Ramírez and James Gandolfini. It was produced by Boal, Bigelow, and Megan Ellison, and was independently financed by Ellison's Annapurna Pictures. The film had its premiere in Los Angeles, California on December 19, 2012 and had its wide release on January 11, 2013.\nZero Dark Thirty received wide critical acclaim, and was nominated for five Academy Awards at the 85th Academy Awards, including Best Picture, Best Actress, and Best Original Screenplay, winning for Best Sound Editing. Zero Dark Thirty earned four Golden Globe Award nominations, including Best Motion Picture – Drama and Best Director, winning for Best Actress in a Motion Picture – Drama for Jessica Chastain.
/m/01jk9n	Pornographic films or sex films are films that depict sexual fantasies and seek to create in the viewer sexual arousal and erotic satisfaction. Such films usually include erotically stimulating material such as nudity and the explicit portrayal of sexual activity. The industry generally refers to such films as adult films, which generally fall into a number of sub-genres. The invention of the motion picture in the early 1900s provided a new medium for the presentation of pornography and erotica. Like pornography in general, pornographic films were regarded as obscene and attempts have been made to suppress them, with varying degrees of success. They were typically available only by underground distribution, for projection at home or in private clubs and also at night cinemas. Only in the 1970s were pornographic films semi-legitimized; and by the 1980s, pornography on home video achieved wider distribution. The rise of the Internet in the late 1990s and early 2000s similarly changed the way pornography was distributed and furthermore complicated the censorship regimes around the world and the legal prosecution of obscenity.\nPornography is a thriving, financially profitable business. According to a 2005 Reuters article, \"The multi-billion-dollar industry releases about 11,000 titles on DVD each year.\" Pornographic films can be sold or rented out on DVD, shown through Internet and special channels and pay-per-view on cable and satellite, and in adult theaters. However, by 2012, widespread availability of pirate content and other low-cost competition on the Internet had made the pornographic film industry substantially smaller and less profitable.
/m/01531	The Bronx is the northernmost of the five boroughs of New York City. Coextensive with Bronx County, it was the last of the 62 counties of New York State to be incorporated. Located north of Manhattan and Queens, and south of Westchester County, the Bronx is the only borough that is located primarily on the mainland. The Bronx's population is 1,385,108 according to the 2010 United States Census. The borough has a land area of 42 square miles, making it the fourth-largest in land area of the five boroughs, the fourth most populated, and the third-highest in population density.\nThe Bronx is divided by the Bronx River into a hillier section in the west, closer to Manhattan, and the flatter eastern section, closer to Long Island. Technically, the West Bronx is divided from the East Bronx by Jerome Avenue—the continuation of Manhattan's Fifth Avenue—making the West Bronx roughly one-eighth the size of the East Bronx. The West Bronx was annexed to New York City in 1874, and the areas east of the Bronx River were annexed in 1895. The Bronx first assumed a distinct legal identity when it became a borough of Greater New York in 1898. Bronx County, with the same boundaries as the borough, was separated from New York County as of January 1, 1914.
/m/02bjrlw	Italian is a Romance language spoken mainly in Europe: Italy, Switzerland, San Marino, Vatican City, as a second language in Malta, Slovenia and Croatia, by minorities in Eritrea, France, Libya, Monaco, Montenegro, and Somalia, and by expatriate communities in the Americas and Australia. Many speakers are native bilinguals of both standardised Italian and other regional languages.\nAccording to the Bologna statistics of the European Union, Italian is spoken as a native language by 59 million people in the EU, mainly in Italy, and as a second language by 14 million. Including the Italian speakers in non-EU European countries and on other continents, the total number of speakers is more than 85 million.\nIn Switzerland, Italian is one of four official languages; it is studied and learned in all the confederation schools and spoken, as a native language, in the Swiss cantons of Ticino and Grigioni and by the Italian immigrants that are present in large numbers in German- and French-speaking cantons. It is also the official language of San Marino, as well as the primary language of the Vatican City. It is co-official in Slovenian Istria and in Istria County in Croatia. The Italian language adopted by the state after the unification of Italy is based on Tuscan, which beforehand was a language spoken mostly by the upper class of Florentine society. Its development was also influenced by other Italian languages and by the Germanic languages of the post-Roman invaders.
/m/0dr31	Darmstadt is a city in the Bundesland of Hesse in Germany, located in the southern part of the Rhine-Main-Area. Darmstadt has a population of 147,927. The Darmstadt Larger Urban Zone has 430,993 inhabitants.\nThe sandy soils in the Darmstadt area, ill-suited for agriculture in times before industrial fertilisation, prevented any larger settlement from developing, until the city became the seat of the Landgraves of Hessen-Darmstadt in the 16th century.\nAs the administrative centre of an increasingly prosperous duchy, the city gained in prominence during the following centuries. In the 20th century, industry as well as large science and electronics sectors became increasingly important, and are still a major part of the city's economy. Darmstadt also has a large tertiary education sector, with three major universities and numerous associated institutions.\nDarmstadt is one of few cities in Germany which does not lie close to a river, lake or coast. The chemical element darmstadtium is named after it, having been synthesized in the GSI Centre for Heavy Ion Research in Darmstadt-Wixhausen.
/m/0dwl2	Valve Corporation is an American video game development and digital distribution company based in Bellevue, Washington, United States. Founded in 1996 by former Microsoft employees Gabe Newell and Mike Harrington, Valve became famous for its critically acclaimed Half-Life and Portal sub-series. Valve is also well known for its software distribution platform Steam, and the Source engine.
/m/03v0vd	Adam Arkin is an American television, film and stage actor and director. He played the role of Aaron Shutt on Chicago Hope. He has been nominated for numerous awards, including a Tony as well as 3 primetime Emmys, 4 SAG Awards, and a DGA Award. In 2002, Arkin won a Daytime Emmy for Outstanding Directing in a Children's Special for \"My Louisiana Sky\". He is also one of the three actors to portray Dale \"The Whale\" Biederbeck on Monk. Between 2007 and 2009, he starred in the NBC drama Life. In 2009, he portrayed villain Ethan Zobelle, a white separatist gang leader, on the FX original series Sons of Anarchy. He is the son of Oscar winning actor Alan Arkin.
/m/035hm	Gibraltar, is a British Overseas Territory located on the southern end of the Iberian Peninsula at the entrance of the Mediterranean. It has an area of 2.3 square miles and a northern border with the Province of Cádiz in Andalusia, Spain. The Rock of Gibraltar is the only landmark of the region. At its foot is the densely populated city area, home to almost 30,000 Gibraltarians and other nationalities.\nAn Anglo-Dutch force captured Gibraltar from Spain in 1704 during the War of the Spanish Succession on behalf of the Habsburg pretender to the Spanish throne. The territory was subsequently ceded to Britain \"in perpetuity\" under the Treaty of Utrecht in 1713. It was an important base for the Royal Navy; today its economy is based largely on tourism, online gaming, financial services, and shipping.\nThe sovereignty of Gibraltar is a major point of contention in Anglo-Spanish relations as Spain asserts a claim to the territory. Gibraltarians overwhelmingly rejected proposals for Spanish sovereignty in a 1967 referendum and again in 2002. Under the Gibraltar constitution of 2006, Gibraltar governs its own affairs, though some powers, such as defence and foreign relations, remain the responsibility of the UK Government.
/m/04b8pv	The Guyana national football team, nicknamed the Golden Jaguars, is the national team of Guyana and is controlled by the Guyana Football Federation. It is one of three South American nations to be a member of the Caribbean Football Union of CONCACAF alongside Suriname and French Guiana. Until the independence of Guyana in 1966, it competed as British Guiana. They qualified for the Caribbean Nations Cup in 1991, coming fourth, and in 2007. Guyana has never qualified for the CONCACAF Gold Cup or the FIFA World Cup.
/m/01m24m	Norwich, known as \"The Rose of New England\", is a city in New London County, Connecticut, United States. The population was 40,493 at the 2010 United States Census. Three rivers, the Yantic, the Shetucket, and the Quinebaug, flow into the city and form its harbor, from which the Thames River flows south to Long Island Sound.\nNorwich was founded in 1659 when settlers from Old Saybrook, Connecticut purchased land from Chief Uncas, leader of the Mohegan Native American tribe. In the 19th century, Norwich came to be known as a manufacturing city because of its many large mills.
/m/05qhw	Poland, officially the Republic of Poland, is a country in Central Europe, bordered by Germany to the west; the Czech Republic and Slovakia to the south; Ukraine, Belarus to the east; and the Baltic Sea and Kaliningrad Oblast and Lithuania to the north. The total area of Poland is 312,679 square kilometres, making it the 69th largest country in the world and the 9th largest in Europe. With a population of over 38.5 million people, Poland is the 34th most populous country in the world, the sixth most populous member of the European Union, and the most populous post-communist member of the European Union. Poland is a unitary state divided into 16 administrative subdivisions.\nMany historians trace the establishment of a Polish state to 966, when Mieszko I, ruler of a territory roughly coextensive with that of present-day Poland, converted to Christianity. The Kingdom of Poland was founded in 1025, and in 1569 it cemented a longstanding political association with the Grand Duchy of Lithuania by signing the Union of Lublin, forming the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth. The Commonwealth gradually ceased to exist in the years 1772-1795, when the Polish territory was partitioned among Germany, the Russian Empire, and Austria. Poland regained its independence at the end of World War I, in 1918.
/m/02cg2v	Jason Frederick Kidd is a retired American professional basketball player who is currently the head coach of the Brooklyn Nets of the National Basketball Association. He also has a small ownership stake in the team. Previously a point guard in the NBA, he was a ten-time NBA All-Star, a five-time All-NBA First Team member, and a nine-time NBA All-Defensive Team member.\nHe won his only NBA Championship in 2011 as a member of the Dallas Mavericks, and was a two-time Olympic Gold Medal winner during his pro career, as part of Team USA in 2000 and 2008.\nRaised in Oakland, California, Kidd played college basketball for the California Golden Bears and was drafted second overall by the Dallas Mavericks in the first round of the 1994 NBA Draft. He was named co-NBA Rookie of the Year in his first season with the Mavericks. Then, from 1996 to 2001, Kidd played for the Phoenix Suns and later for the New Jersey Nets from 2001 to 2008. He led the Nets to two consecutive NBA Finals appearances in 2002 and 2003. In the middle of the 2007–08 season, Kidd was traded back to Dallas, where he won his only NBA championship in 2011. After finishing his playing career with the New York Knicks in 2012–13, he retired and returned a week later as head coach for the now Brooklyn Nets.
/m/0btbyn	3:10 to Yuma is a 2007 western film directed by James Mangold and produced by Cathy Konrad, and stars Russell Crowe and Christian Bale in the lead roles, with supporting performances by Peter Fonda, Gretchen Mol, Ben Foster, Dallas Roberts, Alan Tudyk, Vinessa Shaw, and Logan Lerman. It is a remake of the 1957 film of the same name, making it the second adaptation of Elmore Leonard's short story Three-Ten to Yuma. Filming took place in various locations in New Mexico. 3:10 to Yuma opened September 7, 2007, in the United States.
/m/09f0bj	Chandra Danette Wilson is an American actress and director, best known as Dr. Miranda Bailey in the ABC television drama Grey's Anatomy. She made her New York stage debut in 1991. She also began to land guest spots on a variety of prime-time television shows. She made her big-screen debut in the 1993 film Philadelphia.
/m/02cgp8	The Blue Ridge Mountains are a physiographic province of the larger Appalachian Mountains range. This province consists of northern and southern physiographic regions, which divide near the Roanoke River gap. The mountain range is located in the eastern United States, starting at its southernmost portion in Georgia, then ending northward in Pennsylvania. To the west of the Blue Ridge, between it and the bulk of the Appalachians, lies the Great Appalachian Valley, bordered on the west by the Ridge and Valley province of the Appalachian range.\nThe Blue Ridge Mountains are noted for their bluish color when seen from a distance. Trees put the \"blue\" in Blue Ridge, from the isoprene released into the atmosphere, thereby contributing to the characteristic haze on the mountains and their distinctive color.\nWithin the Blue Ridge province are two major national parks: the Shenandoah National Park in the northern section and the Great Smoky Mountains National Park in the southern section. The Blue Ridge also contains the Blue Ridge Parkway, a 469-mile long scenic highway that connects the two parks and is located along the ridge crestlines with the Appalachian Trail.
/m/01vyp_	Sir Malcolm Henry Arnold, CBE was an English composer. He gained a reputation for composing light music, film scores, for theatre and ballet, and symphonies.
/m/017xm3	Loretta Lynn is a chart-topping, multiple-gold-album-selling American country music singer-songwriter whose work has spanned more than 50 years. She has received numerous awards and other accolades for her groundbreaking role in country music and her documentation of and contributions to American culture. She has also authored at least six books, most of them autobiographies. Lynn was born to coal miner Melvin \"Ted\" Webb and wife Clara, née Ramey, in Butcher Hollow, near Paintsville, Kentucky, USA, the second of eight children.
/m/02rkkn1	Flight of the Conchords is an American television comedy series that was first shown on HBO on June 17, 2007. The show follows the adventures of Flight of the Conchords, a two-man band from New Zealand, as its members seek fame and success in New York City. The show stars the real-life duo, Jemaine Clement and the Academy Award winner Bret McKenzie, who play fictionalized versions of themselves. A second season was announced on August 17, 2007 and shown from January 18, 2009. On December 11, 2009, the duo confirmed that the series would not return for a third season.\nThroughout its run, Flight of the Conchords received positive critical reception, with its second season scoring 80/100 on Metacritic. The show has received 10 Emmy Award nominations, including \"Outstanding Comedy Series\" and \"Outstanding Lead Actor in a Comedy Series\" for Jemaine Clement, both in 2009.
/m/02stgt	Public administration refers to two meanings: first, it is concerned with the implementation of government policy; second, it is an academic discipline that studies this implementation and prepares civil servants for working in the public service. As a \"field of inquiry with a diverse scope\" its \"fundamental goal... is to advance management and policies so that government can function.\" Some of the various definitions which have been offered for the term are: \"the management of public programs\"; the \"translation of politics into the reality that citizens see every day\"; and \"the study of government decision making, the analysis of the policies themselves, the various inputs that have produced them, and the inputs necessary to produce alternative policies.\"\nPublic administration is \"centrally concerned with the organization of government policies and programmes as well as the behavior of officials formally responsible for their conduct\" Many unelected public servants can be considered to be public administrators, including heads of city, county, regional, state and federal departments such as municipal budget directors, human resources administrators, city managers, census managers, state mental health directors, and cabinet secretaries. Public administrators are public servants working in public departments and agencies, at all levels of government.
/m/0pz04	Dana Thomas Carvey is an American actor and stand-up comedian, known for his work as a cast member on Saturday Night Live and for playing the role of Garth Algar in the Wayne's World movies. He is well known for his impersonation of George H. W. Bush on Saturday Night Live.
/m/062yh9	Carmine Michael Infantino was an American comic book artist and editor who was a major force in the Silver Age of Comic Books. He was inducted into comics' Will Eisner Award Hall of Fame in 2000.
/m/049lr	Karnataka Kannada: ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ is a state in South West India. It was created on 1 November 1956, with the passage of the States Reorganisation Act. Originally known as the State of Mysore, it was renamed Karnataka in 1973. The capital and largest city is Bangalore. Karnataka is bordered by the Arabian Sea and the Laccadive Sea to the west, Goa to the north west, Maharashtra to the north, Andhra Pradesh to the east, Tamil Nadu to the south east, and Kerala to the south west. The state covers an area of 191,976 square kilometres, or 5.83 per cent of the total geographical area of India. It is the eighth largest Indian state by area. With 61,130,704 inhabitants at the 2011 census, Karnataka is the ninth largest state by population, comprising 30 districts. Kannada is the most widely spoken and official language of the state.\nThe two main river systems of the state are the Krishna and its tributaries, the Bhima, Ghataprabha, Vedavathi, Malaprabha, and Tungabhadra, in the north, and the Kaveri and its tributaries, the Hemavati, Shimsha, Arkavati, Lakshmana Thirtha and Kabini, in the south. Both these rivers flow out of Karnataka eastward into the Bay of Bengal.\nThough several etymologies have been suggested for the name Karnataka, the generally accepted one is that Karnataka is derived from the Kannada words karu and nādu, meaning \"elevated land\". Karu nadu may also be read as karu, meaning \"black\", and nadu, meaning \"region\", as a reference to the black cotton soil found in the Bayalu Seeme region of the state. The British used the word Carnatic, sometimes Karnatak, to describe both sides of peninsular India, south of the Krishna.
/m/02qwzkm	The Genie Award for Best Achievement in Editing is awarded by the Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television to the best Canadian film editor.
/m/08jyyk	Experimental rock or avant-garde rock is a type of music based on rock which experiments with the basic elements of the genre, or which pushes the boundaries of common composition and performance technique.\nPerformers may also attempt to individualize their music with unconventional time signatures, instrumental tunings, unusual harmony and key signatures, compositional styles, lyrical techniques, elements of other musical genres, singing styles, instrumental effects or custom-made experimental musical instruments.
/m/037fqp	Marquette University is a private, coeducational, Jesuit, Roman Catholic university located in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Established as Marquette College on August 28, 1881 by the Society of Jesus, it was founded by John Martin Henni, the first Catholic bishop of the Archdiocese of Milwaukee. The university was named after 17th century missionary and explorer Father Jacques Marquette, with the intention to provide an affordable Catholic education to the area's emerging German immigrant population. Initially an all-male institution, Marquette became the first coed Catholic university in the world in 1909, when it began admitting its first female students.\nMarquette is one of 28 member institutions of the Association of Jesuit Colleges and Universities. The university is accredited by the North Central Association of Colleges and Secondary Schools and currently has a student body of about 12,000. Marquette is one of the largest Jesuit universities in the United States, and the largest private university in Wisconsin.\nMarquette is organized into 11 schools and colleges at its main Milwaukee campus, offering programs in the liberal arts, business, communications, education, engineering, law and various health sciences disciplines. The university also administers classes in suburbs around the Milwaukee area and in Washington, DC. While most students are pursuing undergraduate degrees, the university has over 50 doctoral and master's degree programs and 37 graduate certificate programs. The university's varsity athletic teams, known as the Golden Eagles, are members of the Big East Conference and compete in the NCAA's Division I in all sports. In 2014, U.S. News & World Report ranked Marquette 75th among national universities. Forbes ranked Marquette 87th among American research universities in 2013.
/m/05v954	Christopher Robin Sabat is an American voice actor, ADR director, and line producer at Funimation who provided voices for a number of English versions of Japanese anime series, and video games. He is the founder and director of the OkraTron 5000 audio production company in Richardson, Texas. He is best known for his voice work on a number of characters, including Vegeta and Piccolo, in the Dragon Ball franchise. He has also voiced such characters as Kazuma Kuwabara in YuYu Hakusho, Ayame Sohma in Fruits Basket, Kikuchiyo in Samurai 7. Another of his major roles was the voice of Roronoa Zoro in Funimation's re-dubbing of One Piece. He is usually cast in roles which involves him playing a very strong man or very gruff, tough characters.
/m/03wv2g	Mercer University is a private, coeducational university located in the U.S. state of Georgia.\nMercer enrolls approximately 8,300 students in its twelve colleges and schools: liberal arts, business, engineering, education, music, continuing and professional studies, law, theology, medicine, pharmacy, nursing, and health professions.\nMercer has three campuses: the main campus in Macon, which has been recognized as one of the five most beautiful college or university campuses in the United States; a graduate and professional education campus in Atlanta; and a four-year campus of the School of Medicine in Savannah. Mercer also has regional academic centers in Henry County, Douglas County, Eastman, and Newnan; teaching hospitals in Macon, Savannah, and Columbus; a university press and a performing arts center, the Grand Opera House, in Macon; and the Mercer Engineering Research Center in Warner Robins. The Mercer University Health Sciences Center encompasses Mercer's medical, pharmacy, nursing, and health professions programs in Macon, Atlanta, Savannah, and Columbus.\nMercer is the only private university in Georgia with an NCAA Division I athletic program and fields teams in eight men's and nine women's sports. The university competes in the Atlantic Sun Conference for all sports except football, which competes in the Pioneer Football League. Mercer will join the Southern Conference as a full member on July 1, 2014; all university-sponsored sports will compete in the Southern Conference except women's lacrosse and women's sand volleyball, which are not sponsored by the conference.
/m/03xhj6	Sparks is an American band formed in Los Angeles in 1971 by brothers Ron and Russell Mael, renamed from Halfnelson, formed in 1968. Best known for their quirky approach to songwriting, Sparks' music is often accompanied by intelligent, sophisticated, and acerbic lyrics, and an idiosyncratic, theatrical stage presence, typified in the contrast between Russell's wide-eyed hyperactive frontman antics and Ron's sedentary scowling. They are also noted for Russell Mael's falsetto voice and Ron Mael's keyboard style.\nThough the band's long career has seen them successfully pioneer many different musical genres; including glam rock, power pop, electronic dance music, mainstream pop and most recently chamber pop, Sparks have created their own unique musical universe. While achieving chart success in various countries around the world including United Kingdom, Germany, France, and the United States, they have enjoyed a cult following since their first releases. Sparks have been highly influential on the development of popular music, in particular on the late 1970s scene, when in collaboration with Giorgio Moroder, they reinvented themselves as an electronic pop duo, and abandoned the traditional rock band line up. Their frequently changing styles and visual presentations have kept the band at the forefront of modern, artful pop music.
/m/02vxfw_	Supervising Sound Editor
/m/02jxk	European Union Member States
/m/03m3nzf	Irrfan Khan
/m/04_1l0v	Contiguous United States
/m/09x_r	Entrepreneur-GB
/m/0bytsc	New Prog
/m/07_bv_	Manorama
/m/03lsz8h	Lost - Season 3
/m/05xf75	Tom Hardy
/m/01dy7j	Edie Falco
/m/09ly2r6	European Film Award for Best Composer
/m/015zql	Dan Curtis
/m/047vp20	Panelist
/m/0hk18	Emphysema
/m/061zc_	Rajesh Khanna
/m/0cfywh	Jagdeep
/m/03tp4	Infectious disease
/m/029cpw	Don Messick
/m/0lmb5	Hawaii County
/m/0m6x4	Olivia de Havilland
/m/09l65	Singer
/m/0147fv	Narrator
/m/0kvrb	Michael Nyman
/m/03gwg4w	2001 Major League Baseball Draft
/m/0bm39zf	Wikipedia, Jonas Brothers Tours
/m/08mbj32	Topic Webpage
/m/068bs	Elementary school
/m/01xzb6	Don Henley
/m/07djnx	Harry Stradling
/m/02q_plc	Electro hop
/m/02cjrp	Bowler
/m/01xsbh	Edward Fox
/m/03bx017	Researcher
/m/01sy5c	Lon Chaney, Sr.
/m/0854hr	Gordon Willis
/m/0h005	Fred Quimby
/m/01fkv0	Terence Stamp
/m/05h4fjx	The Young and the Restless minor characters
/m/05ry0p	Samantha Mathis
/m/01dvms	Patricia Neal
/m/04686_j	Prometheus Award for Best Novel
/m/08chdb	David Kreizman
/m/05zvq6g	European Film Award for Best Actress
/m/0288crq	Salim Kumar
/m/01my929	Lennie Moore
/m/07t_l23	British Academy Television Award for Best Leading Actress
/m/07s4911	Conservationist-GB
